L-.. e oisOs as secoad
s.i.La., Nov. s,, 8S95.
Y.iYre hereby authorized _to an
--ýa c o.did he for.the Hmse of
. aat. tierecdoant as96. -My
anti,, to the Democratic white pr
S fery espectully,
G W. ScaSArox.
<A EMOCitATIC TICKET.
DISTRICT O7FIO S:
S Judge:
"JU.LIAN MOUTON.
District Attorney:
MINOS T. GORDY.
Representatives
J. O. BROUSSARD.
Clerk of Court:
E. G. VOORHIES.
PAIEUBI OFFICERS:
Sheriff:
I. A. BROUSSARD.
Coroner:
'Da. A. R. TRAHAN.
WARD OFFICERS.
First Ward-Police Juror, Alonzo Lacey;
.ustice of the Peace, Conrad Brandt; Con
stable, Alex Chiasson.
Second Ward-Police Juror, Jasper Spell;
Justice of the Peace, Preston Hoffpair;
Constable, Andrew Cummings.
SThird Ward-Police Juror, Alfred Hebert;
iJaietr of the Peace, T. A. McFaddin, J.
C. alartin; Constables, L. Hirsch, Thomas
S` t.h Ward-Police Juror, Octave Ther
f- es tof the Peace, L. A. LeBlanc, J.
S Dre n Cot tables, Napoleon Me
.ti t, PilisEodreu.
' -th Ward--LPoHe Juror, M. Billaud, Jr.;
s "eitie .of he" Peace, Sidney Greig; Con
sbleb, Alcide LeBlanc.
Sixth WdurPolice Juror, C. C. Brown;
Juostaof the Leace, Frank Abadie, O. P.
GDialeaBx; Constables, Samonette Breaux,
AnateaWCormier.
Seventh Ward-Police Juror, R. C. Lan
dry; Justice of the Peace, Alex Meaux;
Constable, Eustache Comean.
Eighth Ward-Police Juror. John Whit
tington, Jr.; Justice of the Peace, Charles
Breaux; Constable, Numa Breaux.
The early collapse of the fusion
scheme does not suit some peopi
It is said that Mr. Pugh is -
-and good man; but he is i
wrong pew.
In the constitution recently
adopted by the State of South Caro
lina there is a clause prohibiting di
vorce. Marriage is evidently a se
rious thing wifthe Carolinians.
It the sugar Republicans elect a
.Legislature and a governor they will
-:probably pass a State bounty law.
r Such a measure would be entirely in
line with their actions in the past.
The City Item is authority for the
statement that the Populist conven
tiqn at Alexandria will proclaim it
self in favor of protection to Ameri
can industries. The plot thickens.
The millionaires of the East, the
monied institutions of New York,
Wall street and the other powers,
do not want war, and it is therefore
safe to say that there will be no
war.
Maurice Hart is applying for
a change of venue. He does not
want to be tried in New Orleans.
If Hart is afraid of a New Orleans
jury, he is evidently not anxious to
go to trial at al.
St. Martinville has a full-fledged
W. C. T."'U. society. With a Sal
vation Army, a few Christian En
deavorers and a society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Animals, the
old town will be "dead in the
push."
+Since the Republicans in Con
gress have so completely ignored
sugar in their tariff bill the Louis
iana Republican papers are spend
ing much of their time and space in
an sasuccessful attempt to explain
the matter.
Several weeks ago the Democrat
Journal received a letter from Mr.
E. A. Brandao, of New Orleans, in
which the author proposed for a
liberal commission to use his good
tfces with the Secretary of State
a secure for s the contract to print
the amendmsents that will be pub
lished before the election. WVe did
~to answer the letter, because it
iseemed to us that the proposition
'.was a reflection on Secretary
-Adams' honor and because we
h'taght Brandao had no right to
a1ai the offer. WVe have it on
di asuthorsity that a number of
"- jiaewere written to by Brandao
S that Caps. Adams became in
$ niat when hebeard of the mat
.- a He thought it looked like he
leago hig, at corruptio and he
k ave none of it. Capt
-: = itar r bef.en aixed with 1
iCueii slnceh be went into
* leads wbre not
ai~#.tIiction h the Bran
- DempohratJou 1
NO JLrS J.-O2
Te, 3jlphbaggi nrefosed fuse.
shey alam that ithey are fighting
for pieipe and do not cae for th_
oflfce- and,- unlike the sugs teat
they are not after bounty. Judge
i Gunboat, of Ouachita, seems to
have.'been the choice of the conven
t~on, aut the volcanic jurist would
st eeadcl a forlorn cause, and Mr.
Booth, an obscure Ocalaite from
New Orleans, being the most avail
able, victim who was willing to offer
himself upon the altar of his coun
try, -received the barren honor of
the P. P.'s nomination for governor
of the Pelican State. It is safe to
say, however, that Bob Ingersoll
has a better show of being Inade a
cardinal than Mr. Booth of being
elected governor.
Now that the Pops have declined
to combine with the sugar planters
and the niggers under the leader
ship of Cage, Demas, Hero and
Leonard, have declared war against
the Pugh ticket, it is very probable
that instead of having one ticket in
the field against the Democrats there
will' be three. The combine of
which we have heard so much about
has been knocked higher than Gil
roy's kite. 1 he planters have ig
nominiously failed to make what
would have been the greatest dicker
in the history of Louisiana. The
esteemed gentlemen were willing to
dicker only upon the condition that
they be given two-thisds of the pie
should there be any pie. However,
to their great surprise, they have
found out that the Pops are great
pie-eaters themselves and know a
thing or two about politics in gener
al and dickers in particular. The
planters have also learned that when
it comes to Republican politics they
are simply not in it with Tom Cage,
Hero and company.
What will become of the bob
tailed ticket nominated by the
nters? And poor Mr. Pugh?
he Pops won't have him. The
niggers don't want him. Had the
planters nominated Capt. Pharr it is
very likely that his cold-water pro
livities and the hirsute appendage
which gives him the appearance of
the ideal Populist, would have se
cured for him an enthusiastic en
dorsement at the hands of the third
party people; but Pugh was more
than they could swallow.
ANOTI-ER BOND ISSUE.
Secretary Carlisle issues to-day a
call for bids for Sroo,ooo,ooo Uni
ted States bonds bearing 4 per cent
interest. The terms of the call are
given elsewhere. The bonds mnust
be paid for in gold, payable in in
stallments, at any of the sub-treas
uries, and may be of $5o each, or
any multiple of that sum.
As will be seen the call is for pub- I
lic subscriptions to the bonds, and
is an appeal to the people. It is i
quite evident that even the adminis
tration has become disgusted with
the syndicate plan of disposing of
the bonds which it tried before, and 1
which was so severely critized at
the time. We were then told that
the plan was thoroughly satisfac
tory to President Cleveland and
Secretary Carlisle, and that if any
more bonds were issued they. would
be sold on the same terms; but the
people, rightly enough, objected to
a system by which the government
sold to a syndicate at a great deal a
less than their market value and en
abled the favored bankers to make a
profit of so many millions out of the
transaction. r
Only a few days ago it was an
nounced that the government would
again deal with the s) ndicate upon S
somewhat more favorable terms
than the last bond sale, and it would
be interesting to know what has
brought about this change-whether
it is due to the syndicate's refusing
to give more liberal terms, or to C
fear of popular criticism.
A chance will be given now to j
test whether popular loans work as
well in the United States as else
where. There is a great deal of
money in the country, enough to
take this loan up many times over;
and 4 per cent is a very fair rate of
interest in these times.
Some* time ago the students of 1
William anod Mary College invited
ex-Congressman Breckinridege to
deliver the commencement oration. i
Mr. Breckinridge accepted the in
vitation in most courteous terms.
But it appears that the faculty of
college are of the goody-goody
kind and after mature consideration U
decided that the engagement with
the silver-tongued Kentackian had
to be broken or those who had ex
tended the invitation would suffer
expulsion. Of course, Mr. Breck
inridge was informed of the faculty's
displeasure. To this he very sar
-astically and properly replied that
he would gladly withdraw the accep
tance; that he was under the im
presston that the invitation had
come from gentlemen, but finding
that he was mistaken in the matter,
he was most willing to be allowed
to. withdraw.
............•
- o#
,.l aston d tk Sftlodng members wae
et: Mayaor A. -I. Mos, Mm.. Jo-e.
* 3B. Falk, LG. Doucet, T. i[ ,foao
sat sod: D;. jf. D.Trahi. Abseeti- Hr.
O. C. Mouton and . . Leatsac . -
The minutes of ulazmseeting of. Dec.
and special meeting of Dec. s weqre rad
and app roved.
Dr. 7 D. Trahan, in behalf 6 cosmmittee
on-which he was appointed to confer with
like commlttsdpprted by Buainesm Men's
Associatiion amot to amount cessa topro
care advertisng space in the Chicago Cima-
tolgi:l Jotnal. stated that he had acted'
In part with one of the members of the Basi
r ess Men's Association committee and the
had decided to drop the matter as being ira
practicable at present.
F Following is the report of the finance com
mittee authorized to settle with outgoing
Constable and Collector Veazey:
LAFAYETTE, La., Dec. 21, 89.
I To the Hes. Mayor and Afeders oftAe
City Coancij.of the Tow of Lafayette.
Your undersigned committee, authorized
to make a settlement with the outgoing col
lector and constable, D. J. Veazey, up to
Dec. i8, x895, inclusive, after carefully ex
amining the books of the corporation, find:
DR.
To licenses oat s Oa b and by last repat. .f peoo
onk -at treyeer shuwstat he hsre'vu 70d:
October 7th. as5~ blank licenses,.......... anoe
Nev. a t S blank license..... ..men
. . ... . oo.............. o.0o
Collectre's stubs show that ha has coileeted:
Taes of 94 ........................... Soo
... ...a.s........................... .s a
ils book shbows that he hs cllected ine
on stock................................. r7.-3
Making a total of CR". " - xs.-7
By blank licenses an hand *to00
d collucls o band 3.o00
y cash treasurer Sept. a. sJ., s.oo
By cash n treasurer sOct. p r79s. r.en
y cash treasurer Oc t. . z. 6
By cash to treasurer Oct. , D5gb. .oo
Scaush to reasurer Nov. 4. Sgs. 7o.eo
By cash to treasurer Nov. 4. . m. s.oe
y cash In treaurerN.ov. 3. . s, 4.6os%
By cash to treasurer Nov. 3o~ .8g39s. s.ee
ly cash to treasurer Dec. a... g.
To balance up - . - - - moo.osH
Aoonrrs DnEd nJ.h VaAZzV.
Bv amount due per his last report far kili
ing dogs - - . -. ...... 50
y s per cent conmmission on taes cad
licenses collected since last report. - -to
By .5 days salarv y th atof Decembeur. in
elusive. - - .. . 30.oo
Amount due him in full settlement. - e4.8ao3
For which amount of .8o, ytr committee have
given an order on the thea urer, n favor of said con
stable and collector, in full settlement of all claims
and counter claims up en date.
Respectfully submitted.
Lao Dorekc.
T. N. Blosssr
ODrat C. Mollrot.
Moved and seconded that the above re
port be accepted.
Following resolution offered by Dr. J. D.
Trahan:
A resolution authorizing the committee on
water works and electric lights to advertise
for bids, and fixing the conditions thereof.
Be it resolved by the City Council of the
town of Lafayette, That the committee ap
pointed by the City Louncil to attend to the
erection of a water work and electric light
system to belong to the corporation of Lafa
yette, be and are hereby authorized to ad
vertise for bids for the construction and
erection thereof, contractor or contractors to
furnish all material, and in accordance with
plans and specifications prepared by R. R.
Zell, supervising architect and civil engineer,
the payments to be made as follows:
April r, 1897, o200oo.Oo; April t, 1898,
S2oo.ooA; April , c899, $zooo.oo; April c,
1900, 2500oo.oo; April , 1901o, 25oo.oo;
April , Io2, 2500oo dollars, and the balance
of the price in four equal annual install
ments, payable April 1, S903, 1904, 1905
and 19o6 respectively the whole without in
\r, .1.- -.. t .. ... ..."-r;.....ot upon the
vote of a special five mill tax by the people
of the town of Lafayette for a term of ten
years, as provided by law and the approval
of the Council.
Votes. Yeas: T. M. Biossat, Leo Dou
cet, B. Falk, Jos. Ducote, Dr. J. D. Trahau.
Nays: None.
Following accounts approved:
T. A. McFaddin, copying corpora
tion roll ............................ .......1 25 00oo
Moss & 1Mrouton, lumber account
laid over from last meeting...... 208 82
Theodore Richard, hul'g lumber.. 8 03
Simmons Hardware Co 12 St. lamps 27 00
Freight & haun'g on Simmons bill I Io
Simmons Hardware Co. t d.iz burn
r s c-------6---- ------ -------2 50
Express ............................................. 6o
Geo. A. DeBlanc, coal for city hall 2 40
Lafayette Gazette .......................... 3 50
.. Bourg, sal. month December '95 50 00
Sidney Veuzey, 1i days dy. con..... 18 25
W illiam Sonnier ................... ........... 8 82
Moss Bros & Co., nails, globes,
map, frames ............................ 14 33
Emile Borras, 15 days work plank
w alk ............................................ 15 00
Dr. J. D. Trahan, attendance pris
oner ........................................... 2 00
A. J. Moss, salary from May 13, '95
to Nov. 3, '95 ........................ 75 00
Hebert Billaud, feeding prisoners
fr. July 14, '95, to and includ
ing Dec. 26, '95 ................... 42 40
Totalo....... .............................$ 454 75
Account of Win. Sonnier for $28.8 was
approved for $25.
Votes. Yeas: Dr. Trahan, Leo Doucet
and T. M. Biossat. Nays: B. Falk, Jos.
Ducote.
The secretary was ordered to draw war
rant for o, price of Lafleur for land pur
chased from him by street committee, for
sidewalk on his property.
Secretary instructed to draw warrant
favor of Victor Breanux for $o, on account
of backu bill for ditching.
CONSTABLE'S REPORT. -
LAPAYxTE, LA., IJan. 6, 1896.
To tae Hon. Mayor atnd Cowuinmn of so e
T"ow of LafayeGte, a.
Gentlemen:-Since I have been appointed
constable I have collected the following
sums, to-wit:
Taxesof 895 to date...................... to.76c
pine on stock redeemed by Joe
Johnson ........................... .0
Total amnount................ 5 a .7i
A. L. BoUmG, Constable.
TREASUErit'S REPORT.
LAFPAYETTE, LA.. Jan. 6, 1896.
T t D lJon. Mayor and Mmw&.rr.r of City
Corecl of /lfaolyette, L.
D). V. GARDEDLED TREAS. DR.
To bal cash on hand as per report $s94-.8,
To cash received from--
D J Vecey for taxes z895............ ,.65~ i
license" .. 500
A Bourg,for taxes 1895...............63.00
..... 47.00
Mayor A J Moss, fines, balls, etc 26.50
Total received to date................ $50.94
cR.
By cash to Trahan & Doucet............. 7 0.7o
- Lafayette Gazette.............. 18-75
I)JVeazey ................. 50.o
Alcee Bourg ................. . 5o.oo
"' Emile Barros.................... 7.50
" \Vm Sonnier............... 22.6o
Baxter Clegg ................. 3.50
FG Glouton.................... 3.50
R C Greig.......................7 7.oo
" WVP Oil Co .................... 1t.36
• Wm Graser........................1.50 I
DJVeaey ......................S.8.
Advertiser-..................~..... s9.7 i
Total paid out to date.........4....... •z46.96
To balance on hand this day........ 63.98 J
Respectfully submitted,
D. V. GARDEtLED, 'reasetrCer.
Ordered recorded.
lurer. alldt V~ay s is dept st' W read
s andupona saotiqolT Mr. Leo DoLet -ec
I onde.d a, Jo.. Daes., the Council approved
|Mr. s 'ss selectioa e his deputy.
I The alossa rwas aofered by
I M. Blasat: s *
SIDRDINANCE to levy, collect and en
force payment of as annual license tax
upon all persons, associations of persons,
of -b ness firms and tcorporations, pur
suing any trade, profession. vocation,
a calling or business, except those who
are expresly excepted from such license
tax by articles so6 and soy of the eon
Sstittion.
Section s. Be it ordaiped by the city
/ council of the town of Lafayette, that there
is hereby levied an annual license tax for the
year A D x896 and for each subsequent year,
upon each person, association of persons or
Sbusiness firms and corporations, pursuing
any trade, profession, vodation, calling or
business, except those expressly exempt from
r such license tax by articles so6 and soy of
the constitution.
i Section 2. Be it further ordained, etc.,
- that immediately after the promulgation of
s this ordinance, and each subsequent year, the
constable and ex-officio tax-collector of the
town of Lafayette shall begin to collect and
shall collect as fast as possible from each of
the persons or business firms, association of
persons and corporations pursuing within the
limits of said town, any trade, profession,
vocation, callint or business, a license tax as
hereinafter garduated. All licenses shall be
due and collectable during the first two
months of eacb year, and all unpaid licenses
shall become delinquent on the first day of
March of each year, and all firms who com
mence business after that date shall become
Sdelinquent unless the license is paid within
I ten days.
Section 3-. Be it fusther ordained, etc.,
that the annual licenses of all the kinds of
business hereinafter named, except as after
wards provided, shall be graduated in three
classes.
Section 4. Be it further ordained, etc.,
that for every business of selling at retail,
whether as principal, agent on commission or
otherwise, the license shall be based on the
gross annual amount of sales, as follows:
First class-When gross sales are $S5,ooo
or more, the license shall be $55.
Second class-When gross sales are less
than $i5,ooo, and more than 5,o00, the li
cense shall be $xo.
Third class-When gross sales are $5,ooo
or less, the license shall be $5.
Provided, that if anydistilled, vinous, malt,
or other kind of mixed lifquors be sold in con
nection with the business of retail merchant,
the grocer, restaurant, oyster house, confec
tionery or druggist, in less quantities than five
gallons,the license for such additional business
shall be as hereinafter provided for in Sec
rion 9 of this ordinance; provided further,
that no license shall be issued to sell liquors
in less quantities than five gallons for less
than $soo.
Section 5. Be it further ordained, etc.,
that for carrying on each business of tele
graphing (including local and district tele
graph), telephoning or express company, the
license shall be based on the gross annual
receipts of each person, association of per
sons, business firm or corporation engaged in
said business, as follows:
First class-When the said gross annual
receipts are over $So,ooo, the license shall
be $30.
Second class-When the gross annual re
ceipts are over 515,ooo and less than o20,
coo, the license shall be $25.
Third class-When the said gross annual
receipts are less than $15,ooo, the license
shall be $I5.
Section 6. Be it further ordained, etc.,
that for every business of keeping a theatre
or opera hall where entertainments are given
(the population of the town being less than
5,o03 and over 2,500oo), the license shall be
$Sz, to be paid by the person, corporation,
a.~oaiation or municipality owning or con
trolling for rent or hire, the building or
buildings in which said exhibitions are held.
Provided, that no museum, menagerie,
circus or other traveling show shall be per
mitted to make exhibition within the corpor
ate limits, unless they first pay a license,
based on the number cf attaches, whether
proprietors, performers or employes, as fol
lows:
First class-When the number of said per
sons is fifty or more, the license shall be
100o.
Second class-When the number of said
persons is forty or more and less than fifty,
the license shall be $75.
Third class-When the number of said
persons is thirty or more and less than forty,
the license shall be $60.
Fourth class-When the number of said
persons is twenty or more and less than
thirty, the license shall be $5o.
Fifth class-When the number of said
persons is fifteen or more and less than twen
ty, the license shall be $30.
Sixth class-When the number of said
persons is ten or more and less than fifteen,
the license shall be $o.
Seventh class-When the number of said
persons is five or more and less than ten, the
license shall be fro.
Eighth class-When the number of said
persons is less than five, the license shall be
$5.
Section 7. Be it further ordained, etc.,
hat each and every peddler or hawker shall
pay an annual license graded as follows:
When traveling on foot, five dollars;
when traveling on horseback, ten dollars;
when traveling in one horse vehicle, fifteen
dollars; when traveling in two horse vehicle,
thirty dollars. Provided that the constable
of the town of Lafayette is hereby empower
ed and directed to cause all peddlers and
hawkers to exhibit their corporation license,
and if the peddlers and hawkers fail to pre
duce or exhibit the same, the constable shall
retain their stock of merchandise until said
pddlers or hawkers produce the corporation I
Section 8. Be it further ordained etc.,
that for every business of keeping a hotel,
where lodging and eating are combined, the
license shall be based on the number of
furnished lodging rooms for guests, as fol
lows:
First class-When the said rooms are
twelve in number or more, the license shall
be S 25. .
Second class-When said rooms are nine
in number, or more, and less than twelve,
the license shall be $57.5o
Third cluss-When said rooms are six or
more and less than nine, the license shall be
s1.50o
Fourth class-When said rooms are less
than six, the license shall be Ito.
Provided, that for every husiness of lodg
ing alone, the license shall be estimated on
the same basis as for hotels, but graduated
at one-half rates; provided, that boarding 1
houses pay sixty per cent of the rate of
hotels.
Section 9. Ne it further ordained etc.,
that for every business of barroom. carbaret,
coffee-house, cake, beer saloon, liquor ex
change, drinking saloon, grogshop, beer
house, beer garden, or other place where
any thing to be drunk or eaten on the prem
ises is sold directly or indirectly, the license
shall be based on the annual gross receipts
of said business, as follows:
First class--When said gross r.ceipts e a
seven thousand five hundred dollars, orr
more, the license shall be 5300.
Second class-When said gross receipts I
are five thousand dollars, or more, and less t
than seven thousand five hundred dollars, I
the license shall be Sxoo.
Third class--When sakid gross receipts are
less than five thousand dollars, the liesec
shall be $roo.
Provided, no license shall be ehasgl for
selling refreshments for charitable or relig
imos purpostes; provided, that aro esabllah
-ssnt selling or giving away, or otherwise
disposing of cby spirits, wines, alcoholic or
malt liquors in lesIs ipuanltitics than one pint <
• ;.·"Z~·:·;. ;,t . _ . . . . .
atigNl pay less than one-hunded dollars, prol
t vided further, that wia' sany kland ho bal
lI j provided -for in this sactket shall be
* mnned with any other beUsines provided
I In section six, the same classiicatio6 shall be
made as prescribed in this section; but the
ice of the licenses shall be equal to the
uses required for each bnusiness separ
SSe ion so. Be it further ordained etc.,
that for the buspitsm of keeping billiard
tables, pigeon holes, jenny liHd, pool or
bagatelle table, and ten pin alleys, from
· which revenue is derived, a license of $so.
Sfo each such table or alley shall be
paid in additioq.to any other license due by
the establishmeht in which said table or al
leys may be situated.
Provided that all persons, associations of
s persons or business firms and corporations
engaged in the sale of soda water, mead,
r confectioneries, cakes, etc., exclusively shall
be rated as follows:
First class--When the gross sales are
$300ooo or more, the license shall be fr5.
Second class-When the gross sales are
less than $3ooo, and not more than soo0o,
the license shall be fro.
Third class-When the gross sales are less
than $sooo, the license shall be $5.
Provided that the 'provision shall not ap
ply to places doing the business herein
named where alcoholic or malt liquors are
sold; provided further, that druggist, .etc.,
selling soda water, mead, etc., shall be re
quired to take out a license under this ordi
nance.
Section i i. Be it further ordained etc.,
that the annual license for the kinds of busi
ness hereinafter named, shall be graduated
in four classes as follows, viz:
That for every individual or company
carrying on the profession or business of
draying. trucking keeping cabs, carriages,
acks or horses for hire, undertakers, master
builders and mechanics who employ assis
tance, the license shall be for said profes
sion or business, as follows:
First class-When said gross annual re
ceipts are $aooo or more, the license shall be
'Second class-When the said gross an
nual receipts are $Iooo or more, and less
than $zooo, the license shall be $,o.
Third class-When the said gross annual
receipts are $750 or more, and less than
$sooo, the license shall be $sS.
Fourth class-When the said gross annual
receipts are less than $750, the license shall
be$4.
That every individual or individunsscarry
ing on the business or profession of physi
clan, attorney at law, dentist, oculist, pho
tographer, by whom any articles are sold or
dealt in other than the simple photographs
of various kinds taken by himself, agency
for publication, freight, ticket, claims, pa
tent rights, and all other business not herein
specially provided for, shall be graded the
same as above set forth, but the license shall
be one-half of those established by this sec
tion, and provided no license shall be issued
hereunder for less than $5.
Section 1s. Be it further ordained etc.,
that all traveling vendors of stoves, light
ning rods, and clocks, shall pay a license an
nually of fsoo.
Section x3. Be it further ordained etc.,
that when any two or more kinds of business
are combined except as herein expressly
provided for, or when any person, firm or
company have more than one place of busi
ness, there shall be a separate license required
for each separate business or kind of busi
ness.
Section 14. Be it further ordained etc.,
that the annual receipts, capital, sales and
premium in this ordinance, referred to as a
basis of license, are those for the year for
which the license is granted; the prima facie
standard for their estimation, is, and shall
be as provided for in section i6 of act No.
15o of r89o, and the basis for same to be
determined by the sworn statement of the
applicant, provided that if the tax collector
be not satisfied with the said sworn state
ment, he shall traverse the same by a rule,
as provided, ancL e manner and mode
prescribed in the constatution and in sections
17 & IS of said act of 1890, or other penal
ties provided by law.
Section 15. Be it further ordained etc., that
the tax collector is hereby required to keep
a license register, in which he shall enter the
names of every person, association of per
sons. business firms or corporations, with the
trade, profession, vocation, calling or busi
ness pursued, the class and graduation of the
same, the amount of license thereon and the
date of the collection or payment thereof.
On the 31st day of Dec. of each and every
year the said tax collector shall make and
deliver to the secretary of the City Council
of said town a full and complete transcript
of said license register, which transcript the
said secretary shall by special report lay be
fore said City Council at its first regular ses
sion after said date, and shall file among the
same archieves of the corporation for future
reference or use.
Section s6. Be it further ordained, etc.,
that on the first day of March each year the
ex-officio tax-collector shall deliver to the at
torney to be appointed as hereinafter pro
vided, a complete list of all delinquent li
cense payers, and the attorney to be ap
pointed as hereinafter provided, shall imme
diately proceed to collect same in accordance
with this ordinance; and if not collected
within thirty days from date of delivery of
lists by the collector of taxes, it shall be the
duty of said attorney to render a written re
port giving the reason for non-collection to
the collector, whose duty it shall be to sub
mit same to the city council.
Section 17. Be it further ordained. etc.,
that the mayor, immediately after the pro
mulgation of this ordinance, shall designate
an attorney-at-law, whose duty it shall be to
aid the collector; and upon all licenses and
penalties collected through the agency of
said attorney, the delinquent owing the li
cense shall pay a commission to him of ten
per centum, calculating same upon the ag
gregate amount of license and penalties so
collected and paid over to the tax-collector.
The attorney so appointed shall serve during
the pleasure of the mayor.
Section 18. Be it further ordained, etc.,
that all unpaid licenses shall bear interest at
the rate of two per cent per month, from the
first day of March each year, and the collec
tor shall collect said license and interest in
the manner provided by existing laws.
Section t9. Be it further ordained, etc.,
that nothing in this ordinance shall be con,
strued as licensing or permitting any per
performance or occupation which is prohibit
ed by other laws, ordinances or police regu
lation.
Section so. Be it further ordained, etc.,
that all persons or parties subject to a license
under this ordinance who begin business '
after the first day of July shhll pay a half
license.
Section as. Be it further ordained, etc.,
that all laws or parts of laws on the same
subject matter in conflict with this ordinance
are hereby repealed.
Section ss. Be it further ordained, etc., ,
that this ordinance take effect immediately
after its passage
Approved Jan. 6, 1896.
Attest: A. J. Moss, Mayor.
BAXTIR CLEoG, Secretary.
- Upon motion, duly seconded, the license
was approved as a whole.
Votes-Yeas: Jos. Ducote, B. Falk, Dr.
Trahan, Leo Doucert, T. M. Biossat; nays:
none.
Moved by T. M. Blosat, seconded by B.
Falk, for a reconsideration in the approval of
the account of Wm Sonnier (of $,8.8t for
$s25) and that he be issued a warrant for the
amount in full.
There being no furthei businasa the coun
cil then adjourned.
BAXnT CLXOG. Se.retary. S
DAvst' WVLD Critgy ANPD TAu Wmdl care
your Conghor Cold. 5oc. and $s.oo.
Remember that we doailt kinds
of job frinting.
SAT- TI LOWEST PRaICS.. 2ar
OF IN LAFA YETTEI----4
'- .-GENTS' FURNISHI
Is Unsurpassed Anywhere, and mysSta
- -1FTEP8 C D,
Is Truly the Largest and Most Co -
f Ever Brought to Lafayette l ----
I mean every word of this advertisement and am reads hat
I say. Call and see for yoursel EON L
LEON '.PL
A. Cheffoe
-DEALER IN-. ."
I -
Cypress Shingles, Pine Flooring, Doors, B d, Brick F cks
f Pittsburg Coal and Charcoal. Send for estimates.
Carencro, La. -.
HOLD UP!
All the Latest Styles in -A.
Furnishing Good .
NEW STOCK NOW READY A -
L. LEVY SON.,
Furniture and Stoves.
Being Always Anxious -
TO PLEASE THE LADIES
Mrs. John O. Mouton
HAS COMPLETELY RENOVATED HER STOCK O
MlI I I L I NT EFt RY
And is Now Ready to Furnish the
People of Lafayette with the
Nicest and Latest Millinery Goods.
G. LACOSTE,
-DEALER IN
Stoves, Harness, Carriages
and WACONS,
Manufacturer's agent for Walking and Riding Cultiators, Disc Harroo, L..aasr
Harow, Stalk Cutter. Corn and Cotton Planters, Sulky PloX ;
Turning Plow-, Hay Rakes, Road Carts.
Corner of Jefferson and Vermillion Streets, LAPAYETTB~. LA.
DRUGS -
FINE GROCERIES,
Fine Table and Hardware
LEG S SOUTIIWESr CORNER ....
COURT-HOUSE SQU AI.
...LDO YOU KNOW THATU._
- Has the Best Assorted Store in Towiw ?_
A Visit There Wlln Convince You of this Fact.
T' e " aeOCK o= ·, .
GENTS'"=2CLOTIHN
Has been selected with a perfect knowledge
Of the people's wants and tastes1
The Line of LadLies' Dress Go-",.
IS SIMPLY ELEGANT.
GOODS ALL OF THe LATEST STYA, Dt
VERY-- LOWESpI I
*- -.s.