y. _THE LAFAYETTE GAZETTE, SATURDAY, FEB. 29, 18906.
sc? n • • I - • ' ° · , ,
'»
-w sn
OONSTZTUTION
-OV 5TK
STATE OF LOUISIANA,
-ADOPTED T T B-
E IBIL AEMBLYT OF 1894.
" en - a -n- S or OW A,1 I
T 5 _ naa1s u ot the provsion'" of the
00 ttution, publloaton s hereby mde
and ,gwes to the qualiied electors of the
-tts' of ouisiana of the proposee
asteemnts to the Constltitt. which
hbae been conourred n by .two-thirds of
all the members elected to each House of
the General Assembly of this State, at
the rgsslar seeson thegeof held at the
ity of katoe ouse. the year lM,
sn which "are required to be published
Sthe iCaormatloe eo the qualified eleo
teor-of this Stat for three months -re
eeslg the general eleotion for Repro
eamtatoves; emd which proposed mend
ansts more fully appea lr Joint Reola
tes t33 to 1., .inclusive. of the Regular
eslon of e143; whleh are heremnafter
*lelally published for the information of
the ealfied electors of thi State. and
which will be submitted to them for
their approval or rejection at the next
general election, to be held on Tuesday.
the 31st day of April. 183, it being the
tuesday next following the third Mon
day of said month, In such manner and
form that the qualified electors may vote
for or against said amendments; and if a
majority of the qualified electors voting
at said election shall approve and ratify
said proposed amendments, then such
proposed amendments; so approved and
ratifed, shall become. a part of the Con
stitution of this State.
N-". ,s2.
JOINT RESOLUTION.
Proposing amendments to Articles 87. 42.
46, 179. 192, 204. 210 and 242 of the Consti
tution of the State of Louisiana and
also an amendment relative to suspen
sion of officers.
Section 1. Be it resolved by the General
'Assembly of the State of Louisiana. two
thirds of all the members elected to each
House concurring.
That Article thirty-seven of the Con
stitutlon of the State of Lou'siana shall
be so amended as to read as follows:
Article 17. Every bill shall be read on
three different days in each House, and
no bill shall be considered for final pas
sage unless it has been read once in full.
and the same bas been reported on by a
committee.
Nor shall any bill become a law unless
en its final passage, the vote be taken by
yeas and nays, the names of the members
voting for or against the same be entered
on the journal, and a majority of the
members elected to each House be record
ed thereon as voting in its favor. Pro
vided that bills revising the statutes or
codes of the State. as a whole shall be
read in such manner as may be pre
scribed by the General Assembly.
Sec. 2. Be it further resolved. etc.. That
Article forty-two of the Constitution of
the State of Louisiana be so amended as
to read as follows
Article 42. All stationery, printing, pa
per and fuel used in the Legislature and
other departments of government shall
b
and distributing of the laws, Journal or
department reports, and all other print
ing and binding and the repairing and
furnishing the halls and rooms used for
the meetings of the General Assembly
and its committees. shall be done under
contract, to be given to the lowest re
sponsible bidder. below such maximum
price and under such regulations as
shall be prescribed by law.
No member or officer of any of the
departments of the government shall be
in any way interested in such contracts.
And all such contracts shall be subject
to the approval of the G',vernor. the
President of the Senate. and Speaker of
the ,-ou-e 1f Representativ- any
two If them.
Sec. 3. Be it further resolved. etc.. That
paragra: R 'rty
six of the Constitution of the State of
Louisiana be so amended as to read as
follows :
Creating corporations or amending, re
newing, extending or explaining the
charters thereof. Provided that this
shall not apply to municipal corporations
or to parishes and levee districts.
Sec. 4. Be it further resolved, etc.. That
article one hundred and seventy-nine of
the Constitution of the State of Louis
iana be so amended as to read as fol
lows:
Article 179. The General Assembly shall
create a Bureau of Agriculture, define
its objects, designate its officers and fix
their salaries.
Sec. 5. Be it further resolved, etc.,. That
Article onle hundred and ninety-two of
the Constitution of the State of Louis
iana be so amended as to read as fol
lows:
Article 192. Parochial elections shall be
held on the same day as the general
State election.
Sec. 6. Be it further resolved, etc., That
Artick two hundred and four of the
(onstitution of the State of LouIsiana
be so amended as to read as follows:
Article 204. The tating power shall be
exercised only to carry on and maintain
the government of the State and the
ptublic institutions thereof, to educate
the children of the State, to pay the
princilpal and interest of the public debt.
to suppress insurrection, repel Invasion.
or defend the State in time of war, to
provide pensions i- ndlgent Col.feder
ate Soldiers and Sallors, to supply the
itisens o: *'l S at., who lost .mn, or
limbs in the military service of the Con
federate States with substantial arti
tical limbs during life: and for levee pur
poses as hereinafter provided
Sea 7. Be it further resolved, etc., That
Art.cle two hutldre: nnd ten oJf th' Con
stitution of the State of Louisiana be
so amended as to read as follows:
Article 210. There shall be no forfeitures
of property for the non-payment of taxes.
State, levee, district, parochial or muni
c.lpal, but at the expiration of the year
In which they are due the collector shall,
without su:t. and after giving notice
to the delinquent in the manner provided
by law, advertise for sale the property on
whiceh the taxes are due in the manner
Dresrbed by law and on the day of
eIae he shall sell euch portion of the
property as the debtor shall point out
and in case the debtor shall not point
out suffielcent property, the collector shalt
at once and without further delay sell
the least quantity of property which any
bidder will buy for the amount of the
taxes, interest and costs.
The sale shall be without appraise
mnt, and the property sold shall be
redeemable at any time for the space of
one year, by paying the price given In
cludlng costs, and twenty per cent ther
No sale of property for taxes shall be
annulled for any informality in the pro
seedings until the price and all taxges
paid with 0 per cent interet be tendered
to the purchaser.
All deeds of ale made or that may be
made by collectors of taxes shan be
reeelved by courts in evidence as prima
tedel vald ales.
See. . Be it turther resolved, eta.
That Article two hundred and forty
two of the Constitution of the State of
Louislana be so amended as to read as
follows:
Article o . The General Assembly
osha have power to enact general laws
aufsorising the parochial or municipal
authorities of the Stste, under certain
eirmcumtances. by a vote of a majority
of the tax-payers in number and in value
voting at the election, to levy special
taxes in aid of public improvements, or
railway enterprises undertaken by pri
vate corporations: provided that such
tax shall not exceed the rate of five mills
per annum, nor extend for a longer per
tod than ten years.and provided further.
that the foregoing provisiona shall
not apply to public buildings.
bridges and works of public improvement
mentioned in Article 300. it being the in
tent and meanipg of this proviao that
parishes and municipalitles shall have the
right to tax themselves to any limit sub
ject to the restrictions of Article 309.
G. W. BOLTON,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
H. R. LOTT
President Pro Tsmpore of the Senate.
A true copy:
T. S. ADAMS. Secretary of State
No. 1N.
JOINT RESOLUTION
Proooeing Amendments to Articles 1S,
M. 9o 88, N S. 101. 10, 10,l 10, and 108
of the Constitution of the State of
Louisiana. Relative to Courts of Ap
peal.
Section . Be it resolved by the General
Assembly of the State of Louisiana. two
thirds of all the members elected to each
House concurring, that Article ninety-five
of the Constitution of the State of Louisi
ana be so amended as to read as follows:
Article 95. The Courts of Appeal. ea
cept in cases hereinafter provided shall
have appellate jurisdiction only, which
jurisdiction shall extend to all cases, civil
or probate, when the matter in dispute
or the fund to be distributed shall exceed
one hundred dollars, exclusive of interest.
and shall not exneed two thousand dollars
exclusive of interest.
Be it further resolved, etc.. That Ar
ticle ninety-six of the Constitution of the
State of Louisiana be so amended as to
read as follows:
Article 96. The Courts of Appeal shall
consist of not less than three nor more
than six judges, and each circuit shall
be composed of three judges. In the gen
eral State election in 1900 they shall be
elected by the people, for the term of four
years. In case of death, resignation or
removal from office of any of said judges,
the vacancy shall be filled by appoin ment
by the Governor. They shall be citizens
of the United States and of this State,
learned in the law, and shall have prae
ticed law in the State for six years, and
shall have been actual residents of the
districts from which they shall have
been elected for at least two years pre
ceding the election.
Sec. 2. Be it further resolved, etc.. That
Article ninety-sevel .. ,., tc.onezitu i..n
of the State of LouisiaLna be so amended
as to read as follows:
Article 97. The State shall be divided
into two circuits. Until otherwise pro
vided by law the parishes of Coddo. Bos
sier. Webster, Blenville. Claiborne. Union.
Lincoln, Jackson, Caldwell. Winn.
Natchitoches, Snbine. De/ot.. Red River,
Ouachits. Richlandt, yranklin. " atahoula,
Connordla, Tensas. Madison, East arroll,
West Carroll, IMorehoause. St. Lan-,sy
Acadis. Avoyelles, Isapides, Grant. Ver
non Calcasieu. Cameron. Vermllion
Lafayette. Iberia and St. Martin shall
conpose the First Circuit, and the oar
ishes of rleans. Past lsteon Rouge. west
Baton 1i9oure Livingston. Tanripahos. St.
T•ammany. Wsshington. St. Helena. East
irlilase, West Felct .as. Pointe Coupee,
iberville. St. Mary. Terrebonue. Assumption.,
Lafourehe. Si. Charles. Jefferan, St. Bernard
Plsquemines.St. John the Baptist. St. James
and Ascension shall compose the Second
Circuit.
In order that no inconvenience may re
suit to the public service and to save the
expense of a s ecial election, the three
judges elected by the General Assembly
In 1892 for the first, second and third
circuits respectively shall be the Judges
of the Court of Appeals for the First
Circuit, and the three Judges elected at
the same time for the fourth and fifth
circuits, and for the Court of Appeals
for the parish of Orleans respectively.
shall be the Judges of the Second Circult;
and they shall hold office until the general
State election In 1900 and until their suc
cessors are elected and qualified. Until
otherwise provided by law the State shall
be divided into six Appellate Court
Districts and one Judge shall be
elected from each of said dis
tr.s by the qual;fied voters thereof.
to be voted for at the general election
in 1900, and every four years thereafter.
and to serve for a term of four years. The
parishes of Caddo. Bossier. Webster,
aBlenvl'e. Clatborne, Union Lincoln, Jack
son. Caldwell, Winn. Natchitoches, Sa
bine, De Soto and Red River shall com
pose the First Appellate Court District
from which one Judge shall be elected.
The parishes of Ouachita. Richland.
Franklin. Catahoula, Concordia, Tensas.
MaHdson. East Carroll. West Carroll and
Miorehouse shall compose the ecoand Ap
pellate Court District from which one
Judge shall be elected.
The parishes of St. Landry, Avoyelles,
Rapids. Grant. Acadia,. Vernon, Calca
sieu, Cameron. Vermillion, Lafayette,.
Iberla and St. Martin shall compose the
Third Appellate Court District from
which one judge shall be elected.
The perishes of East Baton Rouge.
West a'non Rouge, Livingston, Tangip
ahoa. St. Tammany. Washington. St.
Helena. East Feliciana. West Felician.
Pointse Coupee and Ibervllle shall com
pose the Fourth Appellate Court District
from which one Judge shall be he elected.
The parishes of St. Mary, Terrebonne.
Assumption. Lafourche. St. Charles. Jef
ferson. St. oornard. Plaquemines. st.
John the Baptist. St. James and Ascen
sion shall compose the Fifth Appellate
Court District from which one Judge shaall
be elected.
The eriseh of Orleans shall compose
the Sixth Appellate Court District from
which one judgeU shall be elected.
The three Judges eleeted from the First.
Second and Th!rd Appellate Court Dis
trlts sel compose the Court of Appeals
Af the First Circuit.
The three Judges elected from the
Fourth. F.fth and Sixth Appellate Court
Districts shall combose the Court of Ap
peals of the Second Circuit.
Be it further resolved. etc.. That Ar
ticle ninety-eight of the Constitution of
the State of Louisiana be so amended as
to r al as fol'ows:
Article 98. The Judges of the Court of
Appeals shall hold two annual terms of
court at such places In the circuit as may
be fixed by law for the return of appeals.
see. o. Be It further resolved. etc.. That
Article ninety-nine of the Constitution
of the State of Louisiana. be so amend
ed as to read as follows:
Article 99. Until otherwise provided by
law, the terms of the Court of Appeals
shall be held as follows:
FIRST CIRCUIT.
At Mlonroe first MIondays In May and
January--For trial of appeals from the
parishes of Ouachita, Richland. Frank
lin. Catahoula. Concordla. Tenss. Madi
son. East Carroll. West Carroll. More
house. Union and Jackson.
At hrevaport armt Modayis tin ue
and February-For trial of appeals ftrm
the parishes of Caddo. Bossier. Webiter.
Bienville. Claiborne. Lincoln. Sabine. D.
mots and Red River.
At Alexandria Srat Mondays in October
and March-Por trial of appeals from the
parishes of Caldwell. Win,. Grant. Rap
SideAs. Vernoan. Natchitoches and Avroy
At Opelouss first Mondays it Novem
ber and April--or trial of appeals from
the parishes of St Landry. Calcalsia.
Cameron. Vermillion. Lafayette, Acm
diL, Iberia and St. Martin.
SECOND CIRCUIT.
At Amite, first Monday in October. and
the second Monday in May-For trial of
appeals from the parishes of Livingston,
Tangipahoa, St. Tammany. Washtngton
and at. Helena.
At Baton Rouge third Monday in Oc
tober and fourth Monday in June--For
trial of appeals from the parishes of East
Baton Rouge. West Baton Rouge. sBat
Peliiana. West Feliciana, Pointe Cou
pee and Iberville.
At Thibodaux fourth Monday in Novem
ber and third Monday in June-For the
trial of appeals from the parishes of St.
cMary. Terrebonne. Assmumption and La
fourobhe.
At New Orleans second Mondays in De-.
eember and Maroh-For trial of appeals
from the prlishes of Orleans. St. Ber
sard. Plaqueminee. Jefferson. St. Charles.
St. John the Baptist, St. James and As
eenaion.
Sec. L. Be it furthe reselved, etc.. That
Article one hundred and one of the Con
stitution of the State of Loulsna be me
amended as to read as follows:
Article 10: No Judgslent shall be ren
dered by the Courts of Appeal without
the concurrence of two Judges. When
ever two memnbers cannot concur, in con
us iuence of the recusation of may mem
ber, or members of the court, the Judge
net reocused shall have authority to call
upen any judge or judges of the District
Court. whose duty it shall be, when so
called upon, to ast in the place of the
judge or Judges roused, and to aid in
the determination of the case.
The Judges of the Courts of Appeal
shall have power to certify to the Su
preme Court may questions or proposi
tleis of law concerning which it desires
the instructions of that court for its
proper decision. And thereupon the Su
preme Court may either give its instruc
tions on the questions and propositions
certified to it, which shall be blnding upon
the Co1urts of Appeal in such case
or it may require that the whole record
and cause may be sent up to it for its
consideration, and thereupon shall de
cide the whole matter in controversy
in the same manner as if it had been on
appeal directly to the Supreme Court.
The Supreme Court may on the relation
of any party in interest review by cer
tiorari. judgments of the Courts of Ap
peal, which may conflict with each other
or with the decision of the Supreme Court
and annul, amend or affirm the same,
and thereupon shall decide the whole
matter in controversy in the same man
ner, a if it had been on appeal directly
to the Supreme Court.
Sec. 7. Be it further resolved, etc.. That
article one hundred and two of the Con
stitution of the Stakte of Louisiana be so
amended as to read as follows:
Article 10s: All causes on appeal to the
Courts of Appeal shall be tried on the
original record, pileading and evidence
in the District Court. with a certified copy
of the minutes, the whole to serve in lieu
of a transcript. and to be filed as one
document.
Immediately after the final decision of
the cause, the original papers, together
with a copy of the decree of the court,
shall be returned to the court of the
first instance.
Sec. & Be it further resolved, etc., That
Article one hundred and three of the
Constitution of the State of Louisiana be
so amended as to read as follows:
Article 108. Until otherwise provided by
law, the rules of practice regulating ap
peals to and proceedings in the Supreme
Court shall apply to appeals to and pro
ceedings in Courts of Appeal, so far as
they may be appllcable. The decisions of
the Courts of Appeal, with syllabi pre
pared by the judges, shall be published
and the General Assembly shall make
provisions for the publication thereof.
Sec. 9. Be it further resolved. etc.. That
one hundred and Ave of the Constitution
of the State of Louislana be so amended
uas to read uas follows:
Article 106. The judges of the Courts
of Appeal shall each receive a salary of
four thousand dollare per annum, pay
able monthly on their respective war
rants.
Sec. 10. Be it further resolved, etc.. That
Article one hundred and six of the Con
stitution of the State of Loulsianl be so
amended as to read as follows:
Article 106: The clerks of the District
Court of the parish in which the sessions
of the Courts of Appeals are held, shall
serve as clerks of the Courts of Appeal.
and the clerks of the city of New Orleans
shall remain as now fixed by law until
otherwise provided by the General As
sembly. Their fees shall be fixed by law.
The shertif of each parish in which the
court is held shall attend in person or
by deputy to execute the orders of the
court.
. All cases appealed to or pending In the
Courts of Appeal as organised under the
constitution of 1879. before or on the
first Monday in May, 1896. shall be trans
ferred for decision to the Court of Ap
peals having territorial jurisdiction un
der the foregoing amendments.
G. W. BOLTON.
Speaker of ths House of Representatives.
H. R. LOTT.
President Pro Tempore of the Senate
A true copy:
T. S. ADAMS. Secretary of State.
No. 194.
JOINT RESOLUTION
Proposing an Amendment to the Consti
tution of the State of Louisiana.
Relative to the Lease and Employ
ment- of Penitentiary' Convicts.
Section L Be it resolved by the Gen
eral Assembly of the State of Louisiana,
two-thirds of all the members elected to
eacoh House concurring, That the follow
Ing amendment be adopted as a part of
the Constitution of the State of Lousi
Section 1. No penltentlary convict shall
ever be leased or hired to any person or
persons, or corporatlon, private or public,
or quasi-publlc, or board, save as author
tied in the next section, provided that
this article shall take effect upon the
extinguishment of the lease made pur
suant to Act No. 114. approved July 10th,
3, The General Assembly may authorise
the employment under State supervision
and the proper offilcers and employes
of the State, of convicts, on public roads
or other public works, or on convict
farms or manufactories owned by or con
trolled by the State or any public levee
board or on any public levee under such
provisions and restrictions as may be Im
posed by law.
0. W. BOLTON,
oeelker of the House of Representatives.
H. R. LOTT,
Preeldent Pro Tempore of the Senate
A true copy:
T. 5. ADAMS Becretary of iState.
No. 13.
JOINT REBOLUTION
Proposlng Amendments to Artioles 11,
1, 11 and 188 of the Constitution of
the State of Loulsana Relatitve to
Public Uducation.
Section L ]Be it resolved by the Gen
mral Assembly . the State t" uiestiana,
two-thlsrd of all the members elected t
each House eoonacusng, That Artlole
two hundred and twenty-four of the Con
stitution of the State of Louisiana be so
menaded as to read as follows:
Artlolee B. There shall be free publte
schools emtabliahed by the Oeneral Ase~m
bay throughout the State for the educe
·ton of all the Children of the State; and
the General Assembly shall provide for
their establishment, maintenance anad
support by taxation or otherwise; and all
moneys so raised except the poll tax shall
be distributed to each parish In propor
tton to the number of chitldren of proper
age to attend public schools a fixed
by law.
Sec. . Be it further resolved. eta., That
Article two hundred and twenty-five
of the Constitution of the State of Loustl
ana be so amended as to read as follows:
Article UM. There shall be elected by
the qualified electors of the State a super
intendent of public education, who shall
hold his ofilce for the term of tour years,
and until his successor s qualified.
His duties shall be prescribed by law,
and he shall receive an annual salary
of two thousand dollars; the annual ex
penes of hi office shall be fixaed by law.
Provided the salary and expenses of his
ofoe shall not exceed four thoussad dol
lars.
The General Assembly shall peevide for
the appointment or electlon eo Parish
Boards of Public Education n the dif
ferent parishes.
The Parish Boards may appoint a Par
Ish Superintendent in their respectlve
parishes, who shall be a-eoltoe seoretary
of the Parish BHear and whose sal
arr for his double unmotions shall be fixed
according to the number of eduaeble
ohildren in the parish and by law be
paid out of the Publio School fund accru
tar to each parish respectively.
Se. .L Be It further resolved. etc.. That
the last paragraph of Art'.r* .so hundred
and twenty-nnl of ,... Constitution of
the State of Louisiana shall be so amend
ed as to read as follows:
Article S. Par. & The Legislature
may appropriate to the public school fund
the proceeds, in whole or in part, of public
lands not designated for any other pur
pose. And every parslh, and every city
or town not subject to parish taxation
may, levy an annual tax for the Publio
Schools therein, of not less than one and
one-half mills on the dollar, provided
that with such taxation the whole amount
of parish or municipal taxation shall
not exceed ten mills on the dollar of val
nation, and that each school district or
ward may levy a special tax not to exceed
five mills per annum on the dollar of
valuation of all the taxable property
therein, in aid of public schools, on the
approval of a majority vote in number
and amount of the property taxpayers.
male or female over the age of twenty
one years, residing in said ward or dis
trict, and voting at the election.
Sec. 4. Be it further resolved, etc., That
the last paragraph of Article two hun
dred and thirty-three of the Constitution
of the State of Louisiana be so amended
as to read as follows:
Article 33S. Par. 4. The Interest pro
vided for by this article shall be paid out
of any taxes that may be levied or col
lected for the general purposes of govern
ment.
G. W. BOLTON.
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
H. .. LOTT.
President Pro Tempore of the Senate.
A true copy:
T. S. ADAMS. Secretary of Stata
No. iN.
JOINT RESOLUTION.
Proposing an amendment to the Consti
tution of the State of Louisiana, rela
tive to pensions for Confederate Sol
diers, Sailors and their widows.
Section 1. le it resolved by the Gen
eral Assembly of the State of Louisiana.
two-thirds of all the members elected to
each house concurring:
That the following amendment to the
Constitution of the State of Louisiana be
submitted to the electors of the State
at the next election for representatives
in 1896:
T1he General Assembly may provide by
law pensions for indigent and disabled
Soldiers and Sailors who enlisted in
Louisiana companies or commands or
ganised in this State and who served
honorably through the war, in the Con
federate army or navy, or were honor
ably discharged, or honorably paroled.
and who are now resident in this State
and are not able to earn a support by
their own labor on account of wounds
received in the Confederate Army or
other physical disability caused by ser
vices in said army. Pensions may also
be allowed to the indigent widows of
such Soldiers and Sailors now dead, when
from age or disease they cannot earn a
support.
Pensions may also be allowed to the
wives of such Soldiers and Soldiers upon
the death of the husband, if disabled and
Indigent as aforesaid; upon proper proofs
in all cases. Pensions granted to wid
ows shall cease upon their re-marriage.
G. W. BOLTON.
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
H. R. LOTT.
President Pro Tempore of the Senate.
A true copy:
T. S. ADAMS.
Secretary of State.
No. 197.
JOINT RESOLUTION.
Proposing amendments to Articles ?. 1.
109. 111, 116. 125, 126 and 127. and abro
gating Articles 128 and 129 of the Con
stitution of the State of Louisiana.
Section 1. Be it resolved by the General
Assembly of the State of Louisiana, two
thirds of all the members elected to each
House concurring, that Article seven
of the Constitution of the State of
Louisiana be so amended as to read as
follows :
Artlcle 7. In all criminal prosecutions
the accused shall enjoy the right to a
speedy public trial, by an Impartial Jury
of the parish wherein the offense shall
have been committed, except in cases of
change of venue: provided, that in cases
where the penalty is not necessarily im
prisonment at hard labor, or death, the
Gencral Aesembly shall provide for trial
thereof before a Jury of six in number
or by the court at any regular or special
tec. 2 lRe it further resolved, etc.,
That Article eighty-one of the Constitu
tion of the State of Louisiana shall be so
amended as to read as follows:
Ar*t:ce 81. The Supreme Court, except
in eases hereinafter provided, shall have
appellate Jurisdiction only, which juris
diction shall extend to all cases when
the matter in dispute or the fund to be
distributed, whatever may be the amount
therein claimed, shall exceed two thou
sand dollars, exclusive of interest, to
suits for divorce and separation from
bed and board, to suits for the nullity
of marriage, to suits involving the rights
of homesteads, to suits for Interdiction.
and to all cases arising under the Con
stitution, Treaties and Laws of the Unit
ed States. or under the Constitution of
the State. and to all cases in which the
constitutionality or legality of any tax,
toll or impost whatever, or any fine,
forfeiture or penalty imposed by a mun*
icipal corDoration shall be in contests
tion. or In which the legality of costs,
fees, charges or allowances shall be in
dispute, whatsoever may be the imount
thereof; and in such cases the appeal
on the law and the facts shall be direet
ly from the court in which the case
originated to the Supreme Court; and to
eriminal cases on questions of law alone
whenever the punlshment of deat or a
priseoment at hard Iabor may be anlslot
ed. or a fine exceeding three hundred
dollars is aetually imposed. The Supreme
Court shall have original exclusive Jul
ledletion ino ll matters touching protfe
onal misconduct ofat members of the
bar. with power to disbar. and tnflict such
other punishment as may be provided
by law. The General Asembly shall
eacet laws to enforer the foregoing pro
visions.
See. .L 8e it further resolved. etc., That
Article one hundred and nine of the Con
stitution of the State of Louistana be aso
amended as to read as follows:
Article 1S. The Distriot Courts shall
have original jurisdiction in all matters
evil, probate and criminal not vested
in the Supreme Court or exclusively in
some other court by the Constitution and
laws made in pursuance thereof. They
shall have unlimited original jurisdiction
n all aorminal, probate sad succession
matters, and when a succeession to a
party defendant. The district judges
shall be elected by a plurality of the
quallfied voters of their respective dis
triets, in which they shall have been ao
teal resadents for two years neat pro
oeding their election. They shall be
learned in the law. and shall have pra
ticed in the ltate for ivre years previous
to their election. They shall be elected
for the term of four years. All elections
to fill vacancet occastoned by death.
resignation or removal, shall be for the
unexpired term. and the Governor shall
Ill the vacancy until an election can be
held. The judges of the distriet court
shall each receive a salary of three thou
sand dollars per annum. payable monthly
on their respective warrants:
Se 4. 4 Be it further resolved. te., That
article one hundred and eleves of the
Constitution of the State of Louisiana
he so amended as to read as ofelews:
Artiele 111. The District Courts shall
have jurdietion of appeals from jestices
of the peace in all clvil matters regard
less of the amount In dispute.
Sec. 6. Be it further resolved, etc., That
article one hundred and twenty-five of
the Constitutlon of the state of Louis
lana be so amended as to read as fol
lows:
Article 11. In each parish, the Parish
of Orleans excepted, there shall be as
many lustices of the peace am may be
provided by law. The present number of
justices of the peace shall remain am now
fixed until otherwise provided. They
shall be elected for the term of four years
by the qualified voters within the terrt
torial limits of their jurisdiction, and
their qualifications shall be fixed by law.
They shall have exclusive original juris
diction in all civil matters when the
amount in dispute shall not exceed fifty
dollars. exclusive of interest, and orig
inal jurisdiction concurrent with the Dis
trict Court, when the amount in dlspute
shall exceed fifty dollars. exclusive of
interest, and shall not exceed one hun
dred dollars, exclusive of interest.
They shall have no jurisdiction in
successiton or probate matters, or
when a succession is a defendant, or
when the State or any parish is a party.
They shall receive such tees in civil mat
ters as may be fixed by law.
Sec. L. Be It further resolved. etc.. That
article one hundred and twenty-six of
the Constitution of the State of Louis
mana be so amended as to read as follows:
Article 12. They- shall have criminal
jurisdiction us committing magistrates
and shall have power to bail or discharge
in cases not capital or necessarily pun
ishable at hard labor. They shall re
eelve no fees in criminal matters Includ
lng peace bond cases. but in lieu thereof
such salary as may be fixed annually by
the police jury to be paid by the parish.
Sec. T. Be It further resolved., etc. That
Article one hundred and -twenty-seven of
the Constitution of the Btate of Louisiana
be so amended as to read as follows:
Article 127. There shall be a constable
for each justice of the peace. In the sev
eral parishes of the State. the Parish of
Orleans excepted. who shall be elected
for a term of tour years by the qualit.ed
voters within the territorial limits of the
jurisdiction of the several justices of the
peace. They shall receive such fees in
civil matters as may be flied by law. In
criminal mratters they shall receive no
fees or mileage, but in lieu thereof a
salary to be fixed annually and paid by
the police jury of each parish.
Section 8. Be it further resolved. etc..
That articles one hundred and twenty
eight and one hundred and twenty-nine
of the constitution of the State of Louis
iana be and the same are hereby abrogat
ed and repealed.
G. W. BOLTON.
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
H. it. LOTT.
President Pro Tempore of the Senate.
A true copy:
T. S. ADAMS,
Secretary of State.
No. 116.
OINT RESOLUTION.
Proposing an amendment to Article
11 ofe the Constitution of the State
of Louisiana. relative to the trial
of recused cases In district courts.
and interchange of judges.
Section 1. Be it resolved by the General
Assembly of the State of Louisiana, two
thirds of all the members elected to each
House concurring. That Article one hun
dred and twelve of the Constitution of
the State of Louisiana be so amended as
to read as follows:
Article 112. The General Assembly.
shall provide by law for the interchange
of district judges and for the trial of
recused cases in the district courts by
the selection of licensed attorneys at
law, by an interchange of judges and
otherwise. When any district judge is
prevented by any disability, or any other
eause whatever, from holding any stated
or appointed term of his court, and
that fact is made to appear by the cer
tificate of the clerk, under the seal of the
court, to the supreme court, or any as
socIate justice thereof, it in the judgment
of the court, or any assuociate justice, the
public interest so requires, he shall des
ignate and appolnt any district judge of
mny other district to hold said court and
to discharge all the judicial duties of the
judge so disabled during said disability.
Such appointment shall be filed in the
clerk's olece and entered on the minutes
of said district court and a certitfied copy
thereof under the seal of the court.
shall be transmitted by the clerk of the
district court to the district judge so
designated and appolnted.
0. W. BOLTON,
Speaker of the House of Representatsves.
H. t LOTT.
Perlsident Pro Tempore of the Senate.
T. S. AAM., Becretary of State.
No. 199.
. JOINT EBSOLUTIJON.
Proposing amendments to Article 87 of
the Constltution of the State of Louis
tana.
Section 1. Be it resolved by the General
Assembly of the State of Loulstan, two
thlrds of all the members elected to each
House concurring. That the following
amendment to the Constitution of the
Btrate of Loutsieana, be submitted to the
electors of the States. at the next ele
tloa for Representativee in 1136
Article 0. The Governor shabll reveo a
saary eo Dive Thouanda4 dollars per an*
raus, payable msarth SO ba own war
0. W. DOLTOW.
Speaker of the rouse ~of RImemtasve
President Pro Tempese ad the Senate
A true coor:
T. . ADAM. Serentary of State. -
JOINT RISOLUTION
Proposing Amendments to Artlete -
of the Constitution of the State ol
Loulsalan Relative to Suffrage.
Section L B it resolved by the Ge
eral Assembly ot the State of Louisitana
two-thirds of all the members elected to
each House concurring, that an amend
ment to Article one hundred and elghty
ave of the Constitution of the State
of Loulisana. be submitted to the eleotors
of the State at the next election for rep
repsentattves in 181. to red as follows:
Article 18. Every male itizsen of the
United States by birth or naturalisatio.
who it twenty-one years of age or up
wards. possessing the following qualls
eatUons shall be an elector to vote at any
election by the people. except as herein
provided.
First. He shall be an actual resident ot
the State for one year next preceding the
election at whicb he offers to vote.
Second. He shall be an actual restdent
of the parish in which he ofers to veto
at least six months nest preceding the
election.
Third. He shall be an actual resident
of the ward or precinct In which he offers
to vote at least thirty days next preceding
the election.
Fourth. He shall be a registered oter.
Fifth. He shall be able to read the
Constitution of the State in his mother
tongue or shall be a bona aid owner of
property, real or personal located in the
State and assessed to him at a cash valu
ation of not less than two hundred dcllare.
Sixth. The General Assembly at its
regular session in 1836. shall have power
by vote of two-thirds of all the members
e.-cu~ :.o each House. and approved by
the Governor. to modify, change or amend
this article of the Constitution. a s ,
modifications, changes or amendments
when so adopted and approved shall be
come a part of the Constitution without
the publication and submission to the
popular vote as required in Article 28 of
the Constitution.
G. W. BOLTON,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
H. R. LOTT.
President Pro rTempore of the Senate.
A true copy:
T. 8. ADAMS. Secretary of State.
No. 201.
JOINT RESOLUTION
Proposing an Amendment to the Consti
tution of the State. Authortising Cities
and Towns and Parishes to Levy.
Assess and Collect Special Taxes for
the Purpose of Constructing Public
Roads. Streets and Parks Under Cer
tain Conditions.
Section 1. Be it resolved by the Gen
eral Assembly of the State of Louisiana.
two-thirds of all the members elected to
each House concurring therein. That
there shall be submitted to the electors
of the State for their approval or re
Jection at the next general election for
Reprerintatives, in accordance with Ar
ticle 25 of the Constitution, the following
additional article to the Constitution of
the State: The General Assembly map
authorize and empower parishes and In
corporated towns and cities of this State,
to contract debts and issue evidences
thereof from time to time, for the purpose
of. constructing public parks, streets.
roads and bridges, and for that
purpose may issue evidences of
indebtedness to be used in con
structing such public parks, strets,
roads and bridges. And for such per
pose may authorise and empower the
proper authorities, to levy and assess
special taxes upon the property subject
to taxation. In the parish or corporation.
and to collect the same and apply the
proceeds. provided, that such tax. so
levied, assessed and collected, shall not
exceed the rate of five mills on the dol
lar. In any one year: provided further.
that no evidence of Indebtedness shall be
issued without full provision being made
for the payment oS both the principal
and interest thereof, nor extend during a
longer period than fifteen years; provided
further that such tax shall neverbelevied.
assessed or collected until the proposition
for which said tax so collected is to be
used. shall have been submitted to the
taxpayers of the parish or corporation
for approval or rejection at an election to
be held for that purpose, and approved
by a majority vote of the taxpayers, both
in number and value, voting at such
election.
G. W. BOLTON,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
H. R. LOTT.
President Pro Tempore of the Senate.
A true copy:
T. S. ADAMS, Secretary of State.
No. 302.
JOINT RESOLUTION
Proposing an Amendment to the Consti
tution of the State Authorizing Cities
and Towils to Aid Manufaecturing
Companies.
Be it resolved by the General Assembly
of the State of Louisiana. two-thirds of
all the members elected to each House
concurring therein; That there shall be
submitted to the electors of the State
for their approval or rejection at the
next general election for Representatives
in accordance with Article 288 of the Con
stitutlon, the following additional artlcle:
The General Assembly may authorize
and empower Cities and Towns of this
State, to aid and assist by donation, or
otherwise. Manufacturlng Companies lo
cated within the corporate limits of the
cities or towns; and for that purpose may
authorize and empower the proper au
thorities of such municipal corpora
tlons to levy. assess and collect speclal
taxes; and apply the proceeds of such tax
In aiding or assistfng such manufactur
ing companies,. provided:
1st. Such tax so levied, assessed and
collected in aid of any one manufacturing
comnany shall not exceed the rate of five
nills on the dollar in any one year. nor
extend for a longer period than ten
years: provided further, that such tax
shall not be collected until the proposi
tion for said tax shall have been sub
mitted to the taxpayers of the municipal
corporation, for approval or rejection, at
an election to be held for that purpoeu
and approved by a majority vote of the
taxpayers both in number and vaue
Voting at such election," which, If ap
proved, shall be a Dart of the Constitu
tlon.
0. W. BOLTON.
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
HH.R LOTT,
President Pro Tempore of the Senate.
A true copy:
T. S. ADAMS.
Secretay of State.
In testimony whereot I have hereunto
afixed my slinature and attached the
seal of the State of Loutiiana, at the
city of Baton Rouse, this 2d day of
December, 18. 6. T. . ADAMS,
Secretary of State.