- modetat, iniot& women ina the
Streatment of dmiseamm peculiar to
sex book ha- been prepared under
airclon of Rev, R. L. MlcEree, assist
'. nut physicians and specialistsq
__ Some Treatment of nFemale Dis
--book s written in simple .language,
aitly unademstood, and contains:
I.i-A description of the female organ
4.-lInstructions for detecting the ap
preach of the menstrual age, and for treat
ment during the monthly period, and to in
sure its rogula return.
ad.--A minte description of diseases aX
&fecting the genital, urinary and men
strual organs of women, giving their cause,
symptoms and treatment.
A paper edition of this great book has
ba nprepared, copies of which can be s.
eared for six cents in postage. Write, Rev.
.- L. McElree, St. ELmo, Tenn.
Ae Irish newspaper once said, in announo
ing an accident: "Our fellow townsman
Mr. Hooligan fell out of the second-story
window yesterday and broke his neck and
suffered internal injuries. His friends will
be'lad to know that the latter are not roW
ulous."-iarper's Bazar.
A Big Begnala Army.
The mightiest host of this sortis the army
of invalids whose bowels, livers and stom
cha have been regulated by Hostetter's
St)mach Bitters. A regular habit of body
is brought about through using the Bitters,
not by violently agitating and griping the
intestines, but by reinforcing their energy
and causinga flow of the bile inroto its proper
channel. Malaria, la grppe, dyspepsia, and
_a tendency to inactivity of the kidneys, are
conquered by the Bitters.
TaAcur-"Are there any exceptions to
the rule that heat expands and cold con
tractsi' Tommy---"Ycs'm. The ice-man
leaves a lot bigger tvwenty-pound chunk
since it got coldor."-Indianapolis Journal.
The Skill and Knowledge
Essential to the production of the most per
fect and popular laxative remedy known,
have enabled the California Fig uyrup Co.
_ to achieve a great success in the reputation
of its remedy, Syrup of Figs, as itls con
ceded to be the universal laxative. For sale
by all druggists.
WE have more power than will; and it is
often by way of excuse to ourselves that we
fancy things are impossible.-Rlochefou
How lY TanoAT HuntTs!--Why don't you
use Haic's Honey of Horehoundt and 'lari
Pi}h's Toothache Drops Curcin one minute.
We may road, and road, and read again.
and still find something now, somethin to
please, and something to instruct.-Hadis.
I ca recommend Piso's Cure for Con.
sumption to sufferers from Asthma.-E^. D.
ToWNSEND, Ft. How0ard, WVis.. May 4, '9.
ARTIST--"I thought you said you were
French !" Model--"On, no; I said I used to
be in a French laundry."-Sydncy Bulletin.
Health
Built on the solid foundation of pure,
healthy blood is real and lasting. As long
as you have rich red blood you will have no
sickness.
When yon allow your blood to become
thin, depleted, robbed of the little red cor
puscles which indicate its quality, you will
become tired, worn out, lose your appetite
and strength and disease will soon have
on in its grasp.
Purify, vitalize and enrich your blood,
and keep it pure by taking
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
The One True Blood Purifier prominently
in the public eye. St. AUl druggists.
Hood's Pills .c"re a ,a hil n -stip
tion. Price 25e. per box.
The Greatest Medical Discovery
of the Age.
KENNEDY'S
MEDICAL DISCOVERY.
DONALD KENNEDY, of ROXBURY, MASS.,
Has `discovered in one of our common
pasture weeds a remedy that cures every
kind of Humor, from the worst Scrofula
down to a common Pimple.
He has tried it in over eleven hundred
cases, and never failed except in two cases
(both thunder humor.) He has now in his
possession over two hundred certificates
of its value, all within twenty miles of
Boston. Send postal card for book.
A benefit is always experienced from the
first bottle, and a Ierfect cure is warranted
when the right quantity is taken.
When the lungs are affected it causes
shooting pains, like needles passing
through them; the same with the Liver or
Bowels. This is caused by the ducts be
ing stopped, and always disappears in a
week after taking it. Read the label.
If the stomach is foul or bilious it will
cause squeamish feelings at first.
No change of diet ever necessary. Eat
the best you can get, and enough of it.
Dose, one tablespoonful in water at bed
time. Sold by all Druggi ts.
Orgi ail-first
-imitations after.
Remember that.
It will set you
straight on the DE
LONG Patent Hook
and Eye.
Sea that
hump ?
RI cASrQoN a
ma Loee sano., PnliA.
4 RANUM]
Isunquestionably a most I
valuable FOO D sick|
room,where either little
one or adult needs dell
cate, nourishing diet !!
STICK BLUE ! DEAN
W h 1 Es5,
It L~ll~l'~rw. rr.Ob
FARMER AND PLANTER
SOURCES OF PLANT FOOD.
A aubject UVpoa i his I the Farrier Sheald
be Fully Ianoreard.
It is net simply interesting, but is
also very helpful, for a farmer to
know the sources from which his
crops get their plant fbod. I remenm
ber very well how much I was aur
prised when I first learned that the
soil furnished only an average of three
rounds in a 100 of a growing crop and
that the atmosphere and water furn
ished the other 97 pounds. I suppose
that I had thought, like Jethrio Tull,
that the vital force of the plant
toolc small particles of the soil
and carried them to the part
of the plant needing growth, not know
ing that the atmosphere furnished any
thing. If we find a forest tree that
with its body and limbs weighs 2,000
pounds and burn it we will have n0
pounds of ashes, while the 1,940 pounds
have gone into the atmosphere from
whence they came. In this process
each department of nature seems to be
claiming its own. 'The 60 pounds of
ashes represent the very ingredient
that the soil gave to tile growth of
that tree. "Then shall the dust (ashes)
return to the earth as it was."
All plants, whether taken from the
garden, field or forest, are found upon
analysis to be composed of fourteen
elementary substances, each of a
diverse nature. The chemictl ftames
are carbcn (conspicuously reprsented
in charcoal). oxygen and nitrogen (be
ing the two constituents of pure air),
and hydrogen (one of the two con
stitunets of pure water). These four
are fed to the growing plant through
both the root and the leaf by the at
mosphere. and called organic, because
they furnish the framework of all
vegetation. These four return to the
atmosphere in a volatile form when
the plant is consumed by fire or by a
slow combustion we call rotting on the
surface or under the soil.
The other ten constituents of all
plants are fed through the roots from
the ingredients oY the soil and fur
nished from one to ten per cent. of all
vegetation. Tlney are: potash (the
most valuable ingredient of wood
ashes), phosphorus (the chief ingre
dient of all animal bones), silica (same
as sand), lime (in its several forms).
soda and chlorine (these last two are
the constituents that make common
salt), iron, sulphur, magnesia and man
ganese. The last eight here tentioned
are in sufficlent supply in all soils.
iBut potash and phosporus are more or
less deficient in most soils. It is these
two, together with nitrogen with some
of its various combinations, that mnake
the valuable .ingredients of all comu
mercial fertilizers.
fBut some good, working fIrmer
while reading this may say to himself
that it is not worth my while to trouble
mny mind to learn these hard words
and the ideas they carry, because I
have been and I expect to raise good
crops without mixing any book-farm
ing in it. To such a farmer I am very
glad to say that a good working man
is very apt to succeed in anything he
undertakes to do. If he does the
right work in the right time and it
the right way his crops will grow
whether he did this work by rote and
in imitation of some other man or
from a knowledge of the principles of
agricultural chemisty, But if he
knows under what conditions nature
will do for him her ber best work, then
lihe will have more successes and fewer
failures. It lie knows that every green
leaf is a lung inhaling plant food
from the atmosphere, then he will
surely try to give that leaf fresh til-,
dews and sunshine, If he knows that
every rootlet has a little mouth at its
end that takes its food in a solution
and gaseous form, then lie will surely
cultivate his ground so as to give it air
spaces as well as moisture. Not
air chambers made by clods, for clods
in the neighborhood of the roots of
plants are always a nuisance. 1iut
there is another d:rection in which the
farmer may me ite, o' rather save,
money, that is, in the matter of buying
commercial fertilizers. A little book
learning will help him to decide what
ingredients to buy and what not to
buy. But this subject is sufficiently
large and important for another man
uscript, that is if I ever write:-i,'. It
Dudley, In Farmers' Eowne Journal.
PROTECT MOTHER EARTH,
Nature's -sarraeut gshould Not he Ruthless.
ly Stripped OIW.
One of rhe most sertous injuries to
the old fields of our southern land is
the negro and his rtfiUtit 4O; Witlh the
ever habhdy Riatch. We have thou
sands and thousands of acres of lands
once fertile and highly productive
that have been turned out to rest and
recuperate. Nature takes it in hand
and clothesit with sedyn. ias6,W'eeds,
briers and bushes, whatever vegeta
tiob it is capable of producing, and
thie work of restoration begins.
The soil is filled with fine roots.
These dic and rot and leove littles
clhannels in the soil that adntmit rain
water. The air eacts on the soil chlent
cleally, and dissolves and lte foP the
tuse of other Dlhuits the large stores of
tplant food that even our poorest soils
have in an insoluble or lockd-ns' *_*b
dition. The It'- roots, and
leaves stti stems of these plants
31.o furnish a suitable food for
other plants that follow tlheu. A
growth of grass and weeds, bnshes abd
briers. shades the land, p1otects it
from thie scorching satb abd ashihg
rains. Thie soil ih kept mhodetately eool
and moist in stmmer, And not onlyr be
comes trich from rnttiha v~ctatiih, but
becomes filled With fertilizingmaterial
taken from thie air. The air we breathe
is four-fifthls nitrogen, a gas w' *cidct-i
mneither se, *astc nor smell. Tihe
nitrogue gas, as it exists in the air, is
useless as a food or fertilizer for most
plants. Yet plants can not live with
out nitrogen. It combines with other
things and forms solid compounds,
like saltpeter, and in this shape is our
most valuable fertilizing n material.
Saltpeter is a most powei! ul fertilizer,
and is valuable because it furnisheas
nitrogen to the crop. Cotton seed and
cotton-seed meal are valuable .fer
tilizers chiefly on acconnt of the nitro
gen compounds they contain.
When land is kept shaded by grass.
weeds, trees, briers, etc., and especial
ly by a coating of dead and rotting
leaves and other vegetable matter, tie
nitrogen of thIe air enters that soil and
Is converted.into saltpeter. Of course
that soil, in a few years, becomes rich
again.
But the universal practice Li to allow
tile negroes to-burn off nature's cloth
ing of weeds and grass in the latter
part of winter and early spring, and
9!W MothYr Barth tb W strsppei of hOr
protection. exposed to aatshing rainl
and scorching sun, is kept in a meae
tre barren. I speak from mra own et
perlence and that of many others when
I say that land that will produce a
rank growth, of whatever kind, will in
a few years, if protected from fire, be
come as rich as it ever was.--Prof. W.
C. WVelborn, in Southern Farm (Gaiette.
Health and Disease in the Poultry Yard.
When fowls are judiciously fed,
made to take exercise, and their quar
ters kept clean and free from lice,
there is comparatively no trouble
with sickness, except in case of con
tagion.
Poultry raisers should learn the
causes of disease, Ithow to prevent
them, and there will be no need of
medicines in the poultry yard.
When the combs and wattles of the
fowls are a bright red color it indicates
a condition of health.
When you can enter the iheney after
duric and hear no whleezing, it proves
there are no roupy fowls in the flock.
When the manure is i,al'd arid a Piot.
Ltion of it is white. it indicates a healthy
condition of the digestive organs.
When the edges of the comb and wat
ties are of a purplish red and the move
ments sluggish, there is soitnethin*i
wrong;
WVhet fowls lie trdund itidifferent td
their surroundings they a're too fat;
and death from apoplexy, indigestion
or liver complaint will result finless
the trouble is dori'ected.
1When the fowls are restless and con
stantly picking their feathers, they are
infested witll vermin.
When young poultry, especially duck
lings, appear to have sore throat and
swallowing is diflicult, it is the symp
tom of a large gray lice on the neck.
if a totl has a billions look, with
alternate attacks of dysentery and
costiveness, it is suffering with liver
complaint. A lack of grit; overfeed
ihn and idlettess @Catised this trouble.
A hospital should be a part of every
poultry yard. As soon as a fowl get.
sick remove it to the hospital and com
tmence doctoring it at once. The troun
ble Witti fuit idti miany is that they
wait until the disease is in its ad
vanced stages before they commence
giving medicine. A very sick fowl is
difficult to cure, and when cured is
seldom of value afterwards.-WViscon
sin Agriculturist.
Corn, Cattle anad Prot.
The St. Paul Pioneer Press sayst
''The effect of the wheat and corn crop
upon railroad traffic is exerted in ways
widely differing. The wheat crop is
moved as grain, so far as it is sent to
market, with the exceptions success
fully established during the past year,
when it was demonstrated that at a
low price it might lt"* profitably fed to
hogs acid shipped eventually as pcrlit.
As a result of the large annual expert
of wheat, however, a high p11 o cdi t. of
the crop is mtnbted flonm the farm just
as it comes from the thresher.
In the case of corn, however, wvlile
the number of bushels shipped equals
or exceeds the amount of wheat aun
died by the railroads, the proportion
of the entire crop so transported ir far
less. In a small crop, perhaps only 1li
or 10 per cent. is sold directly by the
faripersl in a large crop this amo'unt
may reach 23 per cent. Coscitiientl.
of the bumper~ erd'i of 2,250,000 bushels
axpected this year, only about 500 000,
000 bushels will go to market as corn
But the influence of a corn crop on
traffic does not stop here. The re
mainder of the crop, excepting what
is saved for seed and other
local purposes, goes into cattle and
hogs and their prtoductst, nbilr ftrr
nislhes thl Failrohds a sustained and
profitable traflic. The crcps this yeas
will be a strong stimulus to the raising
of cattle and hogs. The export de
mand for corn is very small, and
there is no other method by which
such profitable returns can be secred.
The poor crops ti tile iorn statds dur=
ing the past three years. especially
that of last sensoit, cittls.l the fat.merl
td fedctee tie animals they were feed'
ing to the lowest number possible.
This year stock raising will see a re
vival such as has not been noticed for
a long period. The corn crop will
make this path to diversified farming
an easy rond to travel."
ilw it WVorks;
lHdw tc b~ tilO hitibier of tlbgs iii s
neighborhood affect the crop of clover
seed? It has been demonstrated, that
where dogs abound the clover never
seeds freely. The explanation is this,
lDows nid eats ir'e natural enemies:
Where dogs ai-e ntimerotis cats ketp to
the houses hih'l at-bid thbe joei h~ld l
Cats destroy field mice when dogs are
few, but not if dogs are numerous.
Field mice, if undisturbed by cats, de
stroy bumble bees, and red clover de
pends upon bumble bees for tihe fertil
izatien pif its flo·-es. If thb ot~ote!'
iir- not fertilized no seed is produced.
Bumble bees have been imported in
many places for this sole purpose.
Texas Farm andt Ranch.
HKRE AND THEte,
-Sheep mneh ate rapidly iiilni-vii~g
thleir h*f-ds -ith iniroved mutton
breeds, and conseQluently there is ti
good inquiry for Sotithdb'ri. dxfoidt
hrdpshiiv ri.md iiox'~L bhcs for brecd
.ng purposes.
--Cattle feeders stand squarely in
their own moonshine when they feed
in open pens badly drained, and some
Limnes knee deep with mud, w.ith no
sheltei to protect the eattle fI-th the
tltidii fitilne dad wintry blasts;
--The trouble wivth the methOds of
the comrtkioi i-un of farme's as to pbrli
ralsting is they don't make enough out
of their pigs during the first four
momtths of their existence. Good steady
groa-th frark the day Cf ihe pig's ap.
perrance is the basis of economical
pork production.
-If the most prolific hens were re
tained, and the worthless ones mar
keted, a gireat imnrovement would
Soon resuit. it is the keeping of the
droues that makes expenses large and
receipts small. It is aloss cf time and
montey to feed ten hliens in ordc- to re
cu-e eggs from only five.
S- There may be a better food for
yolng pigs than skim milk and wheat
middlings-Lthree pounds of the former
to one of the latter-but it will be
hlar- to find. It is just as good for
breeding sows as for pigs. But in ad
dition to this mixture the sows need
plenty of green pasturing.
-With many farmers the most se
rious problem of life is to get out of
debt. The monly way to solve it is
either to keep down the expenses or
to increase the income, or, if posfible,J
botl. The danger is that in endearaor
irlg to increase the income expeneb
are increpsed to 4 pjowat that leavree .
p* -. . "
THE GUARD'S STORY.
i'es Mte Bate .ots m Ia, Mseeolr. NJh
heth is probably hot a stronger man a
more trustworthy guard employed at the
Nebraska bitate Penitentiary than J. T.
Ralston. To a stranger he appears a very
good example of the man who boasts that
he never was sick a day in his life.
For many years Mi. bRalston lived at BSy
mouse, Nebraska, and the old residents
there remember him as one of the strongest
and healthiest of their number.
In '89 or thereaboutS, wvhon the "grip"
first broke forth in this section of the coun.
try, it claimed him as one of its earliest vie.
thus. Like most men with a strong phys
ique, he sneered at the disease and did not
guard pt'operly against it. For days he lay
in bed and left it only as a confirmed in
valid.
About this timh he moved with his family
to Pern, Nebraskd, where some of his chil
dren were attending the State Normal
School. He hoped the change would do him
good, but he was disappointed. Hie doctored
,with the lo0r 1 ph sicians, and even with his
OWn Sof w1o Wttbi tn'cticin$ liledicine. AU
seemed to no avail, and, miserable in mind
and body, the poor matn told his family that
he feared there was no hope for him.
A happy tlouglht of his own lcd him to try
strong stimtilalfts. le wa agazin able to
work. lrit he soon found that his relief
was but temporary, and when bad weather
came oh he was subject to severe attacks of
th "Ngrip" a abefore.
. years ago Mr. Rt st'n was employfed
st the Ndbt'tskd State l'eiitentiary at in.
olin, the state capital, and enjoyed compar.
ative ease hile lperforming the duties of
sldidr. tgii fall, however, he was put out
on the wall and with his change of work
came his did trouble in even mnore aggra
vated form. I1h was not only troubled with
the tisugit nlierable feelings of the "grip,"
dit lie found himself Short of breath and
generally weak, these thing: unfitting him
for the duties of his position.
Once more, almost in despair, he sought a
cure, and purchased- a box of Dr. Wil
liams' Pink Pills for Pale People. He used
them accordingto directions and felt better.
Five more boxes followed tl:e first and the
sag aafe r wps a well man.
Said he to a Journal F§pbite'; ts.whomrl h(
had just given the above facts: "I feel noji
as though I could stack more bay than nan
man in Nebraska, and if 1 needed a position
now I would hunt one on at harvest field.
Why; Ottly last Sunday night 1 took a se
vere cold, which a year ago "ii cti8 hare laid
me up with the 'grip,' but now it causes
me only temporary annoyance, and I simply
live it off."
Mr. Ralston has been long and favorably
known in many parts of Nebraska both as
a priitiit citizeil and as a lerser in the orig
inal Farmers' Alliance movEinbtt, and los~e
of friends rejoice with him in his remnarica
ble recovery. for which he unhesitatingly
gives the credit to D)r. Willicms' Fink Fills
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills contain, ina con.
doensed form, all the elements necessary te
give new life and richness to the blood and
restore shattered nerves. Pink Pills are
sold by all dealers, or will be sent post paid
on receipt of price .50 cnts a box, or sall
boies for t.0o--(they aire etver sold in bulk
dr by 116 tib ) yti bd';irtsiing Dr. W'illiail'
Medicine Company, Scbeae- tady, I. Y.
PITH AND POINT.
-A monopoly is a good deal hlie a
baby. A man is opposed to it on gen
eral principles until lihe has one of his
own:-Tit-llits.
-Itealizatioti.-~'epleW--" Do you
irttior, uncle; I dreamt last night that
;bii lent se ltri dollarsa-' tincle (gen
erously)-"Is that so? Ali! well, yod
may keep them, Otto."-La Perroquet.
-An Inducement. -Landlady (coun
try lodgingfs)-"'Vell, mum, the sittin'
room is small-but we've a fine large
kitchen, and if you like to sit there wi'
ine amnd my old man, Lor' bless ye, we
oti t rmind. -=-1Ioonsh itlc,
-"Hllas the displacement of the
hlqsrte by the bitycle affected thie sale
of oats to any extent?'; ~sketl 0t41
curious person. "Not much," said Mr.
iHaicede. "The bicycle fellers sits such
appetites now that even boardin'-house
oatmeal goes all right."-Indianapolis
Journal.
-A Pennsylvania paper tells of a
mant who wmas gored by an nligry bull
any sevrmel' in4urted "rl'hili passing
through a cow pasture with a red ilan
nel shirt on." We have been telling
the farmers of this country for years
that if this foolish and expensive dec
oration of cow pastures in bright col
ored flannel shirts wasn't stopped,
somebl.hy would get hurt. Now see
that we told yot.l-1W3drtlett: in Jircrki
lyn Eagle.
-They . arc Showvy. -- Two women
were bibyiig a hat: Said one of them
in despair: "I do wish I coid cl et±
something to wear on my head that
would be showy and yet not cost a
fortune." "Get a few gray hairs,"sug
gested the other woman. "'They are
the tsost showy things t hnow of.
They stand farther odt and can be
seetr ah gfeater distance off thap any
thing you can pUrchase by way of orna
mnent. Just ask anybody who has a
few and tries to hide them."-Phiiladel
phia 'iumes.
-Sure Thirng-"Whlat is the name
df that new thing ol yotll' lehad?"
asked Tir;. Oldliusbahd, as his wife
pt-aticed bfioie liiili viiij t fiew btat
on." "This, dearest, is named the 'De
fender,"'" answered Mrs. Oldhusband
sweetly; "and it has its jibtopsails up,
its balloon sails set, and is all ready to
fun iit the teeth of thie worst gale
everexpcmreuced." 'IP! thth'pntimgeca
you're so glib in the use of nautical
phrases you can tell me where I come
in," pursued Mlr. O. "Well," said hi,
wife, "when the bill comes in you'll
be a wvreckl"'-Dctroit Free Press.
kE 'WAS ATIENTf
tvay 1$To iLs F5ella :
"I am a patient mnan. I'm willing 0o
be told to wash iny hands before I
touch the coal-hod, and again a fter
ward. I'an willing everything on the
stove should have a bath before a
mneal and afterward. I never have
complained tbo't sitting in thie L
part of the house and shmtttmu up all
the iest foe' Company, or wiping nmy
freet o fori; sets of mats On time way
to thie tablel btit there are some things
that do rile me a great deal."
The children were somewhat used to
these outbreaks, and bad learned the
Pilue of siletit seydpathy.
"Now, what do youi fippoe Iam
wahting down here for?"
As no one could imagine, hie ex
plained:
"I sent for a man to come this moir
ing and takt Siay those shed-room
stairs and put up new one.S, Ei1 I ndo
declare your grandma set out ihe
il:ouldn't move them til she had
scrubbed tieur b Thdbn sdre's the car
peuter-I'm paying him by the hour
sitting But there on the wood pilt,
waiting for those stairs to be washed.
I dare say if you lookeli around yet
couldn't find so much as an eye-winker
dropped on them, anyway."
"Can't the man do something else
wh-il hle's waiting?" asked the prac
tical listeners.
The old man smiled.
"I dare say hie could, sonny. Run
np and tell him to be scouring his
nails and putting ch!loride of lime on
his hammers and a*ws, for no doubt
he'll be called on to do it." And the
old man erossed' his limbs dejeetedli,
like one who had lost all spIrit d
f*ft*'*g. -dasustlphI "rem.
UStwUL. AND SU,0 lSTIV&.
--Band Tarts-One eup~of sugar, one
sup of butter, three eggs well beatea,
just enough flour to roll out thin.-
Womankind.
-Breakfast Gems.-One pint of sour
sifted with one heaping teaspoon of
baking-powder; mix with one beaten
egg, one pint of sweet milk and a salt
spoon of salt. Beat together thorough
ly and bake in hot greased gem irons.
*-Chicago Record.
-Ginger Pudding.-One cup of me
lasses,one cunp of milk, one teaspoonful
of soda, one teaspoonful of mixed
spice, one tablespoonful of ginger,one
half tablespoonful of butter, one tea
spoonful of salt. Flour to make the
consistency of soft gingerbread. Boil
three hotrs. -Boston Budget.
-For Iturns.-Balsam of copaiba and
lhiseed oil, in equal parts, applied di
rectly to the burn will stop the pain
instantly and facilitate recovery. Cot
ton saturated with oil may then be
placed about the burned parts as a
dressing. The application excludes the
air from the burned tissues, and so re
lieves the pain at once. -Christian In
iquirer.
Veal Loaf.-Chop and pound to a
paste three pounds of the fat and lean
tf a leg of veal. Cooked meat may be
itsed, bait raw meat makes a more juicy
dish. Add six butter crackers, pound
ed to a powder, and a lump of butter
is big as an egg, a teaspoonful of pep
tie, a pinch of cloves, a tablespoonful
of salt, a teasoounftl of minced pars
ley, and, finally, two welltbeaten eggs.
Work the whole mass into a loaf. Rub
it w-ill wth softened butter, and bake
it on a rack in a dripping*pan, with
water in the bottom to catch the drip
pings. Baste the loaf once in fifteen
minutes. If cooked veal is used, add a
cup of brown gravy to the other ingre
dients in ai al loaf, and cook it only
one hour. Cook raw veal an hour and
a half or two hours, or until thorough
ly done. When the loaf is cold. cut it
iitto thu thinnest slices. -Housekeeper.
-Potato Snlad.--This received great
praise. Over the yolks of two egrs in
a bowl, pour two tablespoonfuls of
boiling vinegar. Set the bowl in boil
ing water, and stir till the mixture
thickefis, then beat in gradually a ta
blespoonful of butter. When cold add
a teaspoonful of mixed cayerlite pep
per and salt in the proportion of one
part pepper to six of salt, half a tea
spoonful of dry mustard wet to a
paste with cold water, and half
an onion chopped fine. Mix this
dfessibt gently with a pint of
tllinly=slieed cold potatoes. In their
season a few sliced cucumbers, a little
chopped cabbage of celery, a little
more vinegar, with a few tablespoon
fuls of slightly acid cream added to the
above, make a still more delicious sal
ad.-Ohio Farmer.
COMING STYLES.
What WIn be Ytern aeot winter by Womes
tf ashsnldd.
Fashions for file coming winter are
going to show many nlar:e'd depart
ures from the styles of the past few
months, and not the least conspicu
ous new feature will be the presence
of w-hat may be called "shepherdess"
styles: In some of these the over partV
of the stirt is looped up so that a pct;
ticoat shows all around. The petti
coat iiay be short enough to shoe
high, red-heeled slipyiers and their big
instep rosettes. The oVdr jfaft df the
gown is one with the bodice and is
made in big flowered silk, the petti
coat a contrasting satin. The neck is
out square, the sleeves are close fitting
over the shoulder, and below the
elbow aure finished with a frill that
sets oii( jdtr.itily. A fichn may be
worn with this rig id tPike from the
plainness at the shoulder, but wortcfl
are sure to grow accustomed to this
plainness very soon, odd as it will look
at first.
Just so long as there is the slightest
stgggestion of anything less than win
ter's rigdi siliry of the features of
women's dress that haue iret-ailed in
summer will hold correctness. Sleerdv
of billowy soft stuffs, swirling skirts,
beribb'.nid t-s-oats and wide Ie ms
grew more extravagant as stmmer
waned, and will not surrender thei'
vogue easily. When they finally do
give up the losing contest there will be
one comfort--the fact that there is lots
Of material in these dresses, and ways
iSill appear of "nMaking Over" that
still g'ladderi ritaidy hearts;
Though crepons are ddnilcidly said
to have had their day, some of the fu
est and costliest examples of this weave
are still to be found in the stores. The
skirt of one dress is of this rich stuff,
and is topped by a blouse waist of silk,
h$vcked finely and faintly with red
and wiilte. PJ&f it the sill is zgathered
at neck and waist, itfid is band
ed at the top with two OiWe
of white valenciennes lace. It
fastens invisibly at the side and has
, ribbon collar with rosette garniture.
The trimnifig consists of bretelles,
belt and sleeve finishing of red satin
ribbon, dotted with bows of the samf
on the shoulders.-Chicago Inter
Ocean.
Pre[parian Codfaish.
Salt ~~ifis1i, unless properly soaked,
is most indigestible. It omight, accord
!inR td the famous loston Cooking
adhosti teaishiil,; to be steeped at least
twenty-four hours. ohiag'igg the water
several times and mixing otie-thiird
milk to the last steeping water. l'Pre
pared in this way it is wholesome
enough. It can then be boiled either
in milk or in plain water. or half and
half, taking care that after the liquid
into which the fish is put when it is
cold merely simmers after it once gets
to the boiling point. Serve with a
garnish of salsify or parsnips, sliced
iOrtorr and bits of crisp parsley. Hand
round brown bread and butter and
egg sauce. Salt cod can also be served
appetizingly after it is boiled in a wall
f mashed potato with anchovy satuee
over it, of after it is boiled marinade it
for a couple of hours in lemon juice
and oil, with salt, pepper, sliced onion,
efrrot and parsley. Then lift it out,
drain well, flour and fry it. Serve
with fried parsley and tartar sauce.
Plain boiled salt cod can also be served
with "brown sonbise, black butter,
cream or maitre d'hotel sauses.-St.
Louis Republic.
A Deluded Tramp.
"F you bare any wood to chop.
mam," said Tired Tatters to a rural
housewife in the gas region. "I'd like
to chop it in retur for a square meal."
"Very well." repli the woman with
alacrity. "You'll ofind some in the cel
lar you can go to wortl on."
"Fooled again!" ejaculated the poor
san. wringing his hands in agony.
'A fellow over yolder told me you
ased natural gas for fttsl"
Hi, went awSff dito~en olW,-Pitts"
btu'V Chronicle
W bUI ot *tan ilk LOrnm.b. P -auU O t p r
4 rý" i1EEV PURE
"*Why do you suppose the kings of
old were clothed in purple?"
"So that they might be in violet, I
guess."-N. Y. Recorder.
Oemaine.
Hairdresser-Yes; I pride myself on
the fact that all the false hair I sell I_
thoroughly genuine.-N. Y. Journal.
Aw amusing printer's error oocuzed in a
recent issue of the London Times. In an
Bouncing the marriage of a young city man
to the daughter of a naval instructor at
Sheerness, a few words of a telegram
which apparently belonged to some
note from China or from Armenia were
rinted after the interesting intelligence.
They read as follows: J"Trouble is ez
pecfed."
"Tuas's one good thing about the melan
oboly days of autumn,' said Sneersby.
"What is that i" "When amansgets apli
ordinary cold he can't go about calling i
'hay fever.' "-Washington Star.
Bs13morro is bred in the lap of luxury
and its chosen emissaries are the beggareii
spendthrift and the impoverished libertine
-Bancroft.
Etsaiss MNax-"Are you a good whis
"lor, my boy?" Applicant --"Yessir! daisy."
Business Man-"GOet ,°-Bostos Courier.
Hall's Catarrh Curs
Is aConstitutional Cure. Price 750.
L$ solitude, where we are least alone.
Byron.
Sarsaparnila Sense.
Any sarsaparilla is sarsaparilla. True. So any
tea is tea. So any flour is flour. But grades differ.
You want the best. It's so with sarsaparilla. There
are grades. You want the best. If you understood
sarsaparilla as well as you do tea and flour it
would be easy to determine. But you don't. How
should you ?
When you are going to buy a commodity
whose value you don't know, you pick out an old
established house to trade with, and trust their
experience and reputation. Do so when buying
sarsapari lla.
Ayer's Sarsaparilla has been on the market
fifty years. Your grandfather used Ayer's. It is a
reputable medicine. There are many sarsaparillas.
But only one Ayer's. IT CURES.
The Cat
SCame
Back
S Because there was no place like the
home where they used
Clairette
Soap
This Great Soap makes home, home indeed. Keeps
everything clean. Keeps the housewife and everybody
happy. Try it. Sold everywhere. Made only by
THE N. K. FAIRBANK COMPANY, St.Louls.
Water
-nothing but water. That's all you need
with Pearline. Don't use any soap
*- with it. If what we claim is true, that
Pearline is better than soap, the
soap doesn't have a chance to do
any work. It's only in the way.
Besides, some soaps might cause
trouble-and you'd lay it to
Pearline. You'll never get Pearl
ine's very best work till you use it just
as directed on the package. Then
you'll have the easiest, quickest, most
economical way of washing and cleaning. 47;
Exhausted Soils
are. made to produce larger and better crops by the
- use of Fertilizers rich in Potash.
Write for our "" Farmers' Guide." a 142-page illustrated book. It
is brim full of useful information for farmers. It will be sent free, and
will make and save you money. Address.
GERMAN KALI WORKS. 93 Nassau Street, New York.
DUN AN'S LINIE NT the OLD reliable,
DUNAN'S LINIMENTTESTED REMEDY
m Headache, Toothache,
Rhe umatism and PAINS generally.
0. W GUNTcER.= CtrMowrZa . ALA.. says: **"I have found DU NCANS IINIMENT
to be the best remedy for pains generally I ever saw."
FOR COLIC IN HORSES and ULES It la a "DEAD NSHOT."
WEBSa MABUF.arCAeIU CO.. Ws.*ep.5ee., I WASrUvILE. T'EXW.r
STEEL CABLED
WEB FIELD
PICKET AND HOO
FENCE. FENCE.
Also CABLED POULTRY, GARDEN AND RABBIT FENCE.
We manufaecture a eomplete line of Bmooth wire Fenetale nd guarantee evere rtcle ti be
s reresented. Ash your deer to show yOU this Fence. CrCCATALOGUB sE.
I ntvas think he is quIte ready for anoth.
or world who is altogeter weary of this.
H. A. Hamilton.
.or. Eyes Cared.
Jackson's Indian Eye Salve never taill to
do this; 25o at all drug stores.
'You never told me iss Fairgirl was an
'athlete." 'Weoll, is shol "'Yes, she has
thrown meover.'"-Detroit Free Press.
A PasLIo compliment never offsets a pri.
vate growl.
BEST IN THE WORLD.
4 9apsst this pr'pa -
SFIVB POJUSH I
cakes ºor enmeoal
Te SUN PAStU
S a .r after- dinnu erd he.
SINTE sppled and 1ol.
isld with a cloth.
Morse Bros.. Props.. Canton. Mass.. U.S.A.
OPIUM "W .9'.1"" C.t crd Boo.G
A. N. K., F 1675
WEEN WEIAING TO ADVERtllSmlt PLR"al
stat. that yea saw the Adve.alssam.t fi tM
sWaWe