THE LAFAYE TTE GAZETTE.
VOLUME II. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, JANUARY 19, 1895. NUMBER 46.
HERE was so
much talk
about Prof.
Chesney be
fore he arrived
that Larry de
elared herself
sick of the sub
ject.
Larry was
the only one of the family who 'had
not met him, and with her usual per
S ersity made up her mind not to like
him. He was learned in mathematics,
which only scored against him in her
eyes.
"The calculating power alone should
seem to be the least human of _ quali
ties," she quoted, hersmall nose in the
air. "There is something wrong about
a man whom everybody likes. My
prophetic soul tells nme I shall not take
to him, at least."
The Wednesday the professor was
expected Larry went for a long walk.
tShe met Ned Erskine and Harry Win
throp, two young artists with whom
she was good friends, and enjoyed her
self very much, getting in barely in
time to dress for dinner. P
They were all assembled round the
table when she slipped into her place,
and there was a reproof in her moth
er's voiceas she said: "My third daugh
ter, Larinda. Prof. Chesney."
If there was anything that her third
daughter hated it was beiig addressed
by her baptismal name. With a pout
of her red underlip she bowed hastily,
and It was not until she had disposed
of her soup that she looked at her op
posite neighbor.
A tall, thin mani with brown hair
and a short, brown beard and mnus
tache thickly streaked with gray, a
large, domelilce forehead and near
sighted gray eyes that looked kindly
at her through his spectacles.
He was a little surprised at the hos
tile expression in the brilliant brown
eyes, which surprise deepened -into as
tonishment when, in answer to a low
toned remark, the young lady replied
also in a low tone. but so distinctly
that hb heard every word: "I think he
is an old fossil:"
Several of her friends came in dur
ing the evening,. and she devoted her
self to their entertainment, complete
ly ignoring the professor. When she
kept up this behavior for nearly a
week it attracted the .attention of her
family as well as that of the visitor,
and when gentle hints were scorned
Larry was severely reprimanded.
"You are positively unladylike,"
said Mrs. Austin. "and I insist on at
least civility. Tie must think you an
ill-mannered child."
"I dare say I do seem a child to his
advanced years." saucily answered
Larry.
A little ashamed and wholly angry
Larry whisked out of the room almost
into the professor's arms, with such
force as to almost stagger him.
.With a hasty "Excuse me!" she sped
along the corridor and up the stairs,
while the "estimable gentlemnan" stood
and looked after her.
"An old fossil:" lie murmured, with
a slight smile, stroking his beard.
Shortly after this, to the surprise of
all, Larry suddenly changed her tac
tics, and at dinner one day addressed
the professor. He answered cour
teously, and very readily joined in the
argument between herself and Jim.
Her remarks were bright and amus
ing, if somewhat crude, and the brown
eyes and changeful face were very at
tractive. In the evening she played
and sang for him, and was as bright
and bewitching as the heart of man
could desire, much to the surprise of
some and the annoyance of others of
lier family.
"She means mischief," thought Jim
uneasily. "Are you beginning to suc
cumb to the professor's charms?" he
whispered. "You know, I gave you a
week."
"I am thinking of getting up a col
lection of fossils," she answered, with
a mocking laugh,"and this is too fine a
specimen to lose. Don't you dare in
terfere!"
Unable to account for the change in
Larry's manner, the professor never
theless found her very agreeable, and,
though never neglecting anyone else,
it soon became evident that she was
the attraction. The other two reluc
tantly gave way to her, and it was she
who went with him to picture gal
leries and lectures and concerts, who
was the life of theater and opera par
ties-saner, willful, charming.
With all his gravity and erudition it
was plain that he admired this ill reg
ulated young woman. lHe had never
before been thrown closely in to r:om
panionship with such a creature. He
admired her beauty, her dainty cos-I
tumes; even her girlish extravagance
of speech and saucy disregard of his
opinion pleased' him better than Au
gusta's unvarying politeness or Ger
trude's cleverness. His eyes followed
her every movement, a wistful light 1
in them sometimes that touched Jim. 1
Larry was curled up in a deep win
dow sill, overlooking the park, bask
ing in the sun, for she was a veritable i
Persian in her love of sunlight, when i
Prof. Chesney came into the room. He a
leaned against thq side o-f the window,
looking at the pictrire she made in her
quaint puffed and furbelowed gown,
the sunlight falling on her brown 1
head.
Larry" looked up, nodded with a
amile that showd helir small white I
teeth and settled back in her original a
position, waiting for him to speak.
And so-he did after awhile, but not as
she expeated.
"'I atgoing away to-morrow, Miss c
Larry,'"he said. "My pleasant visit
hi.s conbto an end all too soon."
S'To-mowoowl" echoed the girl, sit- a
tirng 'ip t*tight. "I am very sorry yolt S
* - hto h-ew own surprise, eae S
realized that the remark was perfectly
sincere.
"I am glad to hear you say that,"
said the professor, trying to keep his"
voice steady. "It makes it a little
easier to say something that is in my
* heart."
Then he told his story in warm,
eager words, very unlike his usual
calm ones-words that stirred Larry
o strangely. There was a queer expres
k sion on her pale face as she stood be,
f. fore him.
e- "Prof. Chesney," she said, with,
d quivering lips, "I am not worthy the
a love you have offered me. You'll
if realize that when I tell you that I
1,- have only been pleasant and civil to
you all these weeks, not from any
s liking for you, but to-to plague the
d others."
r- Thoroughly ashamed, she bent her
he ead, unable to meet his eyes.
a, "You mean that you have deliber
r ately played a part all these weeks?
You whom I thought so frank and
id true? How could you do it? Then you
Shave not the slightest love for me in
1e your heart-that. I suppose, is out of
It the question'?"
Y There was a hurt, shocked tone in
`C his voice that touched Larry keenly.
"I don't love you," she answered,
L' "but I shall be very grateful if, after
k. what I have told you, you will let me
" be your friend."
n She put out her hands and moved a
r- step nearer to him, but, to her morti- 1
n fication, her extended hIand remained 1
untouched.
"I did not ask for your friendship,'
lhe said unsteadily, "and just at pros
ent I want only what I ask for. By
and-by 1 may be able to appreciate
d your offer. I shall try, but you've
d taught me a hard lesson, Larry, one
I'm not likely to forget. Perhaps I 1
ounght to have known better, but"- I
d' with a break in his voice-"I'm not 1
used to women. I'm only an old fossil,
afterall." 1
And, without another word, he left
her.
Up in her room Larry was still more I
surprised to find a bit of crying neces- 1
sary. She could not account for the
y unhappy feeling that took possessio a
of her as she reviewed the past weeks
5' nd realized that the kindly, pleasant
companionship she had accepted so
5- heedlessly was at an end. 1
d The professor left the next after- .
noon, while Larry was out. 1
A box of white roses lay on the table
addressed to her, a card attached, on E
which was written: "From your ]
friend, Roger Chesney." That was all,
but she guessed dimly what an effort a
it cost him to write it. I
With trembling fingers she made i
three parts of the flowers and gave J
them to her mother and sisters.
Jim noticed that the brilliant eyes I
were full of tears, and that she took i
the card away with her. t
t "It must be a relief to you to have :
him gone," he said, as they stood for a I
moment in the halL "Association with a
such a serious man must have been a a
d trial to you."
He was unprepared for the way she I
flamed out'at him. a
"Such a trial as makes me more will, t
ing to accept the statement that man a
is made after God's own image and a
possesses some godlike attributes. a
Now go!" I
And he did, a lurking smile under t
his mustache and a most emphatie e
" "By Jove!" upon his lips.
One bright morning early in .Tuna
Jim opened the door of Mrs. Austin's
sitting-room. Larry was there alone. r
She had an industrious fit on her, and
vwith the sleeves of her blue morning
LAR;RY LOORED UI.t]
t i
i j c4
dress turned back, displaying two u
prettily-rounded arms, feather duster p
in hand, she was whisking the dust d
off some rare pieces of old china. a
arry, hre is aLOn old friend of
yours," Jim announced. "Treat him fc
well, for he sails for Egypt to-morrow, '
never to return. I'li be back in a min- tl
ute." s
IIe vanished, and there, inside the ye
closed door, stood Prof. Cheaney, thin- cc
ner, grayer, but with the old kindly tc
smile on his lips that she remembered re
so well. Startled out of her self-pos- fc
session, Larry stood with her duster at
suspended over gran'ma's hundred- t
year-old teapot. is
"I sail for Egypt to-morrow," said t
the professor, taking a few steps into or
the room, "and I may never return. or
Won't you wish me godspeed, Larry?" m
Crash went gran'ma's priceless tea- fo
pot in a dozen pieces on the polished th
floor, and the next, thing Larry knew or
she was crying. ha
The professor approached her. de
"Are you crying because I am going th
away or because you have broken the ril
teapot?" asked the visitor. si
"Bothl" cried Larry, with a con- ar
vulsive sob, which was smothered in me
the folds of the professor's coat, as the cI
arms of that "estimable gentleman" th
closed around her.me
"How about your prophetic soul?" si
Jim asked, later on. "I thought you th
called him a fossll!' b"
"So I did," answered the young lady, au
quite abashed, "bat I also said I was in
getting up a collection of fossils, and to
recognized the fset that he was too
flue a specimen to lose. Don't you re- e
membe~r'"--Bow ells.
tly FARMER AND PLANTER
his DIVERSIFIED FARMING.
lhis T Farmers of the South are Ieginaiag
to See Where the Ploflt Lies,
So much has, time and again, been
S said upon the subject, that to say mote
would seem to be superfluous. It is by
. "line upon line, precept upon precept,"
be. that lasting impressions are made.
Already the farmers of the south are
th practicing diversified farming to a
he much greater extent than ever before,
and it is to the constant urging and ex
horting and coaxing of the agricultatt
al press. more than to annthing else,
that the credit is due. Those farmers
who are diversifying their farming
most, we find are the most prosperous.
Those who have no bacon, nor lard.
ter nor molasses to buy. do not feel
the grinding pressure of low
er- price cotton anything like as
a much as those who have to buy
ad these things. The farmers who,
'U while supplying their own wants with
in the above-named necessaries, have also
of raised a surplus to sell (as they almost
S nvariably do when they diversify), can
n now snap their fingers in the pallid face
of King Cotton, and tell him to keep on
1. declining until death releases him from
ter the environments of earth, for aught
me they care.
Farming, from a business standpoint,
Ia s a simple thing. It simply means to
t- make more than you spend, in older to
ed be successful. If you raise all, otrineatly
all that you and your family eat, you
p,' surely will not have to buy much in the
es- way of groceries. If, while you are
By fattening two hogs for your own larder,
Lte you just put in two more to consume
ye your overplus of grain, slops. etc,, you
ne will be long on pork, and able to lay
I by a few dollars for a nucleus. If you
- look well after your little herd of cat
ot tie, you will have one or two beef
i1, steers to sell in the fall, and this will
be an addition to your little hoard.
ft The same may be said of potatoes
raise a surplus to sell. Raise lots of
.e turnips, too. Hlave something to take
e- to town to sell whenever you go.
he An acre or two in broom corn will
not cost much labor to cultivate, and
ks will pay well for the time you spend
nt on it. If you live in a locality where
0o you have a few acres of moist bottom
land, plant a patch of ribbon cane,
ar- and make a supply of the nicest
home-made sirup you ever ate.
le On a two-acre patch of cane you
on should mpke from 100 to 150 gal
ur Ions of cero. (Sirup from which no
11, sugar is taken.) You can readily sell
rt all you have over your own home sup
ply, for from sixty cents to seventy
de five cents per gallon, which will give
ve you a good profit on its cost.
This is the sort of farming that will
es keep "all hands pleased," who follow
Ak it up. Our forefathers farmed after
this style, and were, us a rule, as hap
e py as lords. In our time. the southern
a farmer has strayed away from the land
th marks of true husbandry, lured by the,
a at one time, high price of a single
product. To-day he.is suffering in the
ie flesh for his folly; but he is repenting
and coming around to the correct or
1, thodox doctrine. Then let us rejoice
in and be thankful for his future hopeful
td outlook, and continue to be pleased,
A. and strive to disseminate the true gos
pel of diversified agriculture till all
er the farmers of the south have been
io converted.-Texas, Farm and Ranch.
PIG FEEDING.
'a
Practical Conclusions Drawn From Es
d erinieots at the WVisonsin Experiment
Station.
"g 'All things considered, the hog has
been the most profitable animal on
western farinams, and no small part of
the wealth of the western states is due
to this one animal. Corn is and has
been the most universal food for swine
in this section, and so it is to Indian
corn that we are indebted for the
benefits accruing from the hog. No
other plant furnishes so much avail
able fopd to the acre. or food that is so
well relished by the bog, as corn.
With millions of acres of land devoted
to corn-growing, and a large part of
this corn being fed to hogs, it is
no wonder we have colme to regard
corn as made for the hog and the hog
for corn. To one who first acquaints
himself with the situation it might
appear that all the farmer has to do to
increase his income is to plant more
corn and raise more hogs, but the in
testigator will soon find that were t he
market open to all that could be raised,
there seems a limit to the pork produc
tion of any farm or locality, for nu
0 merous difficulties beset this vocation.
sr Pigs are born only to meet an early
it death; hog cholera devastates large
areas, passing from point to point with
i great rapidity, clearing everything be
n fore it, leaving the farms not only
, without swine, but so inoculated with
- the disease that all the business in that
section must be held in abeyance for a
e year or more. Farmers are constantly
1- complaining that their hogs become
y too fine-boned, and get but temporary
d relief by sending off to breeders
- for coarse-boned sires. These facts
r show that as now handled on
- the average farm at the west, the hog
is in an abnormal condition and
d that degeneration is constantly going
o on, or, popularly stated, 'stock runs
. out.' The difficulties in the way do
' not end with the troubles named, but
- follow the hog even after death, into
m the park barrel. Foreigners claim that
Sour pork is diseased, and place an em
bargo upon it. Home consumption is
decreasing not because our people think
g the pork is diseased in itself necessa
Srily, but because the meat is so exces
sively fat that there arises a strong 1
* aversion against it in the minds of 1
a most people. As people in the lower
a classes in life get ahead in the world
they give up work for more expensive
meat. Not only, then, have we to con
Ssider the questions of hog feeding from c
a the standpoint of feeder and breeder,
but the opinion and wish of the con- .
. namer must receive attention, if this 1
a industry, of such -great magnitude, is
I to continne on a sound basis.
S That with proper care the form, size t
esbstance and bone of the hog can be 1
well nmiat.Jtid, ead 9mR .4v~ u.e, 1
Is shown by the fact that carefid, I.
telligent breeders and specialists hold
their stock up to a high standard of
excellence, and even improve it. Nor
is it difficult for the intelligent farmer
to keep his stock where it will yield a
satisfactory profit. First of all there
must be a careful discrimination be
tween the hogs used for breeders and
', those intended only tor feeders. Breed
ing from immature stock must be
e. avoided as much as possible, for this is
re probably one of the greatest sources of
a the present lack of -constitution. To
e, fatten brood sows after they have far
- rowed off litters once or twice, is a
- ptactice, most unfortunatel.y, altogeth
e, er, too common. Good niotheis shoutld
rs be held for breeders as long as possible.
The care of the pig must begin before
' it is born, by not only giving the dam
comfortable quarters, but supplying
such food as is essential for the build
ing up of the bodies of her young.
During pregnaney the sow should re
ceive plenty of protein food, in the
0. shape of blue grass or* clover pasture,
bran, shorts, middlings, shipstuff,
40 skim-milk and peas. It is impossible
it to keep brood sows through the winter
on Indian corn alone, and have good
e i'esults at farrowiing time. liven if
n large litters of pigs are successfully
m brought into the world by dams so fed,
it there must be a weakening of cohstitu
tion which sooner or later will bring
t, disastrous results. Since it is the
eo cheapest food on the list, corn very
O pt-operly may form part of the ration
Y of hogs at at all times, but to cause a
u brood sow to not only maintain herowri
Ie life, but to grow the bodies of a litter
' of young from the elements contained
r, In the daily ration of corn is simply
e out of the question. There are not
" enough bone and muscle elements in
y the corn a brood sow can consume to
n suffice for building up the bodies of
her young.
"Unless the farmer has the proper
buildings and conveniences for attend
. ing to the wants of brood sows it is
-better to have the pigs born in the
summer time, when the mothers are I
e running on pasture, for with pigs 1
brought into the world under such
I1 conditions the risk is reduced to the I
d minimum. When born, it is profitable 1
d t3 push the pigs forward as rapidly as
e possible by feeding the mother heavily
n on nutritious diet, mhich should con. 1
tain a very considerable amount of pro
t tein and ash elements,sincee the bodies of i
young pigs expand rapidly and should I
U be built up in bone and muscle and
not fat. The cheapest grain made by
o hogs at this station was when feeding
1 sows with young pigs, so heavily that 1
" they even gained in weight while I
suckling their young. Less than three
e pounds of feed then made a pound of
gain. Having grown a strong mus- t
I ecular frame the time comes when the c
v farmer must separate the breeding 1
r stock from the remainder of the herd t
I and give it different treatment. Breed. I
n ing stock should be kept out of doors,
on pasture as much as possible, and i
every attention given towards keep- c
e ing the animal natural and healthy. c
e The final purpose to which hogs for c
t the market are intended must direct a
the way in which they are lhan- I
e dled. With a well grown car
1 cass of 100 pounds for a basis,
L. hogs which are intended for the I
general market can be fed almost ex
I clusively on corn, adding ground a
a little oats, shorts, skim-milk or other c
protein food. As far as possible, how- a
ever, in these times of low prices. hogs e
should be grown on pastures, and corn a
used only to ripen up the animal. On I
t our western farms laud is the cheapest I
and labor the dearest thing we have. I
s The hog that runs in a clover field or
n blue-grass pasture waits on himself, I
f and makes a healthy growth, if not a J
e very fast one. This growth is usually u
s more profitable than that made from a
a entire grain feed. Usually a part ra- i
a tion of grain can be profitably fed to
e grazing hogs to hasten their growth.
S"VWhere the general market is the s
- destination, one can not be over-par- c
> ticular about the pork product, but i
must manage it at all polnts in the "
i very cheapest way." a
I HERE AND THERE.
I -Are there any cracks in thLb poul
try house? There certainly ought not
to be when winter comes on.
-The better education of the agri
cultural classes will be the ultimate fi
antidote for agricultural depression. o
-It is the heavy horse that is bring
ing the best price these days. Our c,
faith in the draft horse has never wav- t
ered. b
-H. lp the poor, ragged liens to get is
on their winter suits by the addition o
of a little oil meal or fresh meat to
their daily ration.
-WVheat is not yet cheap enough to b
feed to a poor quality of stock. Ko o
food is cheap enough to feed to such g
stock profitably. t4
-Feed liberally, but not wastefully.
Good preparation by grinding, if grain, ii
or cutting, if fodder and stalks, in the it
ensilage cutter, is a most economical A
proceeding.
-Don't keep your boys out of the
public free school next year to hoc or t
pick four-cent cotton. Educatce them, i
and they will know letter than to ft
raise it at such a price when thcygrow oi
up. b1
-The government crop repo-rt lor ri
November indicates a corn cr-op for the cm
entire country amounting to 1,200,0m00,- g
000 bushels for 1894. against 1,0G1,49G,- T
000 bushels last year. o1
-It makes no difference to the farm- Ic
er whether it is overproduction or un- na
derconsumption; whether it is his inas a
bility to sell or other people's inability ca
to buy. But he wants something done
that will make a difference between
prices of products as they are and as w
they ought-to be.-~arm and Iranch. e,
-A correspondent of the Irish 1-arm- as
ing World says that winter calving i
cows "give fully one-third more milk bi
within their milking season than cows de
calving in the spring," and assigns as at
the reason, the fact that thie "winter y
calver, during the most important tl
months of gestation, is on good grass; sc
while the spring ealver, as a rule, has m
been badly fed for nearly five months w
betesf, ealvgia."
HOME HINTS AND HELPS.
-Good 'ottage: loil ten cents'
worth of fat beef flank one hour in two
quarts of water. Salt and boil an hour
longer; then add carrots. cabbage,
turnips, onions and potatoes. one pars
nip cut fine, one salsify cut fine, one
stalk of celery cut fine. and cook one
hour.-housekeeper.
-Grape Catsup: Simmer three quarts
of grapes till they are soft, then press
them thtrough a colander, add two
pounds of brown sugar, a pint of vine
gar, two even tablespoonfuls each of
cloves, allspice and cinnamon, one tea
spoonful each of salt and cayenne pep
per. u"ll till the mixture thickens.
wht:n it is ready for the bottles.-N. Y.
Observes'.
-Pork Cutlets with Pickle: Put the
cutlets into a hot spider, turn them
often. When half done (It will require
twenty-five or thirty minutes to cook
them), take them up and dip in fine
bread crumbs seasoned with salt and
pepper, and lay them back in the pan
to brown on both sides. When done,
place on a hot platter. Dredge a little
flour into the gravy, stir until it be
comes brown, add a gill of boiling
water, let it boil up. add a tablespoon
ful of piccalilly and when very hot
pout' over the cutlets and serve.-Bos
ton HBudget.
-flaked Marmalade Pudding: Ingre
dients required, three sponge cakes,
one egg, one pint of milk, a little gin
ger and marmalade. First cut the
sponge cakes in halves lengthwise,
spread some marmalade on each piece,
and lay themri in a pie-dish. beat up
the egg in the milk and pour it over
the sponge cakes, etc. Grate a sus
picion of nutmeg and ginger over the
whole, and bake for an hour slowly.
This pudding is very good served hot,
or cold if it be turned out of the dish
and sent to table with a little whipped
cream piled on it.-Leeds 'Mercury.
-liaked Apples: Either sweet or sour 1
fruit may be used, selecting specimens
of the same size and kind. If sweet, a
little hot water should be poured about
them when they are set in the oven; if
sour, either a little sugar should be
added to the water, or the cores should
be removed and the cavities filled with
sugar. lBake in a moderate oven till
entirely soft, turning the dish from
time to time, so that they will bake t
evenly. Lift the cooked fruit care
fully into the dish from which it is to
be served, and pour over it the juice, .1
which makes an agreeable sirup.
Good IIHousekeeping.
-Breslau of B;eef: 'thop scraps and
broken pieces of cold roast beef very t
fine and add half the quantity of finely- f
chopped ham, tongue or cold sausage. (I
Season with salt. and pepper, and when P
thoroughly mixed stir in one beaten 1
egg, into which has been shredded ait
level tablespoonful of butter, provided I
there was but little fat in either of the s
meats. Wet a bowl with cold water '
and press this mixture into it to give a
it solidity. Turn it out upon a pan ii
covered with buttered paper, brush it 1
over with egg, sprinkle with fine bread g
or cracker crumbs, brown in the oven t
and serve hot or cold.-Orange J.udd
Far'mer.
RETURN OF BED DRAPERY. 1
Dotted unslln and Silk Portieres for the a
Sloderl Womanln. a
If the revival of old fashions keep on tl
one may soon expect to be sleeping in d
a four-post bedstead. since already the f
canopies known to our grandmothers a
are quite the thing. Nothing can be it
prettier in a country house than a room n
in which all the accessories are of sheer c
muslin, finished only with a ruffle. si
While heavy bed curtains may be un- li
healthy, there can be no possible ob- o
jection to the airy canopy of dotted T
muslin that may be freshened up as n
often as the owner wishes, and which I
imparts such an inviting air to a pretty ri
bed. a
Anyone who can use a hammer or 1
screw-driver can make the frame for a b
canopy. A rod or pole of wood, such tl
as is sold for hanging portieres, is
is braced to the wall by two pieces a
of wood. A brass ball finishes the tU
end. A long ruftlcd piece of dotted tl
muslin is thrown over the rod and is c
drawn down at each side, where it is I
held in place by ribbon bows fastened ,1
to a hock set in the wall. it
Another simple way of suspending a al
canopy is by a nickel chain suspended it
from a hook in the ceiling, at the end
of which is a large ring. The canopy T
was made of blue and white hechima
crepe, which is drawn through the ring, m
then back over the headboard of the
bed, falling down at the sides where it
is-fastened to the headboard by rosettes P
of blue ribbon. S
Another lovely canopy was of pale ti
green mull lined with white, caught up b
by a large rosette. The bed was an ci
old-fashioned one, which had been (t
given a coat of green enamel and i
touched up with gold.
Cheesecloth makes pretty drapery, as b
it falls in soft folds and can be found I
in many desirable light tints.-N. Y. u
Advertiser. ft
A Useful agn.I
One needs a pretty, light-colored bag
to carry on one's arm when going out
in the evening to take with one the
fan, handkerchief and gloves. Suech a
one may be made by sewing together a e
broad pink, pale blue and olive green f
ribbon around a triangular piece of s
cardboard, covered with the olive b
green. This last serves as the bottom. t
There is no lining, but a narrow piece
of silk runs around the inside, just be- d
low the inch-wide hem. through which
narrow pink and green shirt-strings
are run. These hang over the arm in Ct
carrying it.--Philadelphia Press. tl
Don't Plan, But Act.
Do not, say to yourself that if you
were rich or influential or had you
executive power you would do thus b
and so for the amelioration of man- is
kind or the assistance of your friends,
but put your shoulder to the wheel and tl
do the very best you can for yourself h
and for others in the sphere in which y
you have been placed. The tiniest l
thing that exists has its inAhuence upon h
something. So you have. The sphere t,
may be small, but action will malke it j
wider.---Chicago Times.
HE WAS MISiTAKEN.
' She Was Not the Person tie Originally
STbouht She Was.
r *"iss Jackson,' he began, as he re
moted his hat and scraped his foot as
they met on the street. "I dun had de
happy facility to meet up wid you de
a odder night at the cake walk.'
"Yes, sah," she loftily replied.
S"What fust distracted my attenshun
to yo' was yo'r purtiness," he contin
ued. "I was de gineral opinyunn dat
yo' was de handsomest gal in de hall.
In fact, yo' outshone de shiniest of dat
vast aggregashun of shiners."
She bowed her thanks.
"VWhat next distracted my atten
shun was yo'r clothes and style. One
glance prognosticated de fact dat yo"
was a bo'n lady. I felt nme an' yo' was
two eagles 'mong a lot of crows. Ioes
yo' anticipate de suit of clothes I had
on dat night? >Made to order an' cost
me seben dollars. Coattails had de
reg'lar New York droop, an' dot cel
luloid collah just frowned all de mash
ers down. More dan one hundred pu:s
sons called me a swell."
She bowed again.
"Perhaps yo' percolated the remem
brance dat I squome yo'r hand. Nliss
Jackson, an' yo' mnust have observed
dat it was my intenshun to ambulate
a few remarks when interrupted by
dat werry common and undistin
guished pusson known as
"M.fy husband, sah!" she icily inter
ru pted.
"Fo' de Lawd, Miss Jackson. but yo'
hain't dun married to Moses Phil
Lips'?"
"Two weeks ago, sah."
".An' vo' hain't Miss Jackson no
mo'?"
"No mo'. salt."
"flHu Scuse me. please. licekon I
made a mistake. I see now whar it
was. I got yo' mixed up with Evange
line Thompson. da t purty. stylish young
lady dat was de belle ob de occasion
an' called fo'th de undisguised admira
tion of the gigantic assemblage. Yes.
I reekolect yo'. Yo' was walking around
on the elbow of Moses Phillips an' peo
ple was a sayin' dat yo had a Imnba-:
zine dress dat b'longed to yo'r grand
maudder, and dat Moses dun had a pa'r
o' trousers made out of a blanket. Good
(lay. Mrs. Phillips. 'Sncuse my beit' mis
took."'-Leavenworth Times.
THE GERMANY OF TO-DAY.
.t Natlon that Il Note for Thriftiueu aIndt
fBusiness Enterprise.
The stalwart vigor of the (;German
race of to-day might well be obvious
to the roost suiperficial observer comning
from other lands. And many are of
opinion that the favorable causes
which have brought this about are
likely to tell with undiminished force
in the future. Only the other day an
English paper noted with "surprise" a
series of statistics, from which the un
welcome facts shone forth, that where
as the average English boy was heav
ier than the (;erman at an curly age.
the difference in weight between them
gradually decreased until at manhoodt
the average weight was in favor of the
(German.
Jiut the army has done more than
this. In other countries often a cen
ter of demoralization. in t;iermany the
army has been a. source of physical and
moral cleanliness-moral in the sense
that it has compeled these elements to,
do and obey, which in other countries
form and remain the scum of the pop
ulation. It is to no somall extent this
military training, from which the (Ier
mans are falsely said *to fly to other
countries. which nlmales them such a
successful competitor in every walk of
life. It has imbued them with a sense
of order. a capacity for work.
rhus. wherever the German clerk. th,.
workingman. is found ameong the
'English-speaking race, he is invariably
recognizable by his thrift and alor
all by his freedom from the .row-ning
Anglo-Saxon vices of drunkenness and
betting. It is a mistake to think that
the German wsrks for low wages: lihe
is as anxious for high wa-ges as any
Celt or Anglo-Saxon: but his supt.rior
training. largely that of the school of
the army. has disciplined him to ,vorkh
and 'wait paticutly for better time'-.
lhus, particularly the better educated
.lasses. have become rivals to Englaund
in commerce. manufacture. and even il I
shipping enterprise.--Sidney Whitnimam. t
in Chautauquan.
TOO LUXURIOUS FOR TEXAS.
Why dSenator Reagan Feared to I.et Mlis
Constituent See a iBathroom.
An amusing anecdote is told by the
Washington capital on the genial ex
Senator Reagan of Texas. A short
time before he left the senate one of
his long-haired, slouch-hat coast itiu
ents. with a voice like a fog hornu
(which he used frecly in all polit
ical meetings, came to see Judge lIea
gTan. The Texas statesman had thlen
been in the senate a nunmber of year.-.
The hole in the creek and the lucid
waters of the mill-pond had almost
faded fronm his memory. lie had
learned to enjoy thie marble bathtubs.
the silver spigots, the dainty perfun:c.
the menial service of the flunkies. lIe
went sight seeing with his influential
fellow citizen, but after cousiderable
exertion got away from him to re
fresh himself with his usual luxurious
senatorial bath. As he ent'-red the n
bathroom he is reported to have said
to the attendant: C
"Ypu see that long-haired man going p
down the corridor? I had to tell him. U
this was a.committee room, where I had
important business to transact. If he
comes back for me before you eget
through with me, for God's sake don't
let him stick his nose inside this door!
If he finds out how we spend money on
marble bath-tubs, cologne. and all this
sort of thing, I'll never write senator
before my name again as long as Texas
is one of the United States."
The attendant gun-ded the door with O
the fidelity of a Cerberus. The long- j
haired constituent returned to the t
Lone Star state ignorant of the fact
that a goodly parrt of the money that
he and his fellow-citizens paid for
taxes went to rub down the hide of
Judge Reagan svith alcohol and d
cologne.--Chicago Post.
MOUTON BROS.
---DEALERS IN
General
Merchandise.
Lowest Prices Consistent With
Quality of Goods.
Lincoln Avenue, : LAFAYETTE, LA.
CHiEAP STORE.
LOUIS NOLLIVE,
Watch maker,
Jeweler
and Optician,
Opposite Mouton & Salles' Store.
LAFAYETTE., LA.
Gold niedal awarded at EI:xposition of
1879. Repairing of fine watches a spe
cialty. All work cheap and guaranteed.
MT. CRMEL CONTVENT
LAFAYETTE, LA.
The system of education includes tbo
French and English languages, Music
and all kinds of needle-work. Every
attention will beo given to the health
and comfort of those placed under the
care of the Sisters.
For terms apply to the Superior.
LAFAYETTE
Blacksmith,
WHEELWRIGHT and SUPPLY ISHOP.
oar Blank Uinillding.
FRED MOUTON, Proprietor.
Lowest prices, consistent with work
done. All work promptly attendod to.
Satisfaction guaranteed.
Hi. C. SALLES,
DENTIST.
Office on Buchanan Street,
LAFAYETTE, - -- - LA.
E. G. VOORHIIES,
ATTORNEY AT LAW AND
NOTARY PUBLIC,
.arayete., La.
II. WV. ELLIOTT,
Attorney at Law
and Notary Public
LAFAYETTE, LA.
O. C. & J. MOUTON,
Attorlnev at Iatt-v,
LAFAYETTE, LA.
Sidney Veazey,
LIVERY
FEED Stable.
Lincoln Avenue,
Two Blocks From Depot.
First-class rigs at. reasonable prices.
Careful drivers furnished when requ ired
LAFIAYETTE. LA.
jan 17.
C. DEBAILLON,
L A.W V E 1E9 .
Will practice in Lafayette. St. Mary
and Vermillion Parishes. and the :`u.
promo and Federal Courts at Opelousas
and New O leanis.
LAFA'EI'TE, LeAt.
RAILiROAD BARBiERt SHIIP.
Lincoln Avenue, Near Depot.
THIE "OLD lRELIABLE."
JOHN VANDERGRIFF, Proprietor.
-AN D
Sale Stable
E. CONSTANTIN, Proprietor.
LAFAYETTE, - - -- LA.
DR. J. L. DUHART.
A practitioner in the State "S years,
nd in Lafayette Parish 1 lyears. calls
attention to his new and successful treat=
ment of the respiratory organs. Medi
cal inhalationa combined with consti
tutional treatment affording a cure t .
Consumption, in thebo first and eecond
period if they follow exactly the tree.
ment and relief in the third period.
Dearness and hbronio diseascs in gen
eral a specialty.
O. P. GUILBEAU,
Notary Public
Justice of the Peaces
Careful and prompt attention given
tbe collection of kihs. weounts, no
Brafts. Sale and pureaase of laVlsa
tended to. " 1-9
· G. H. MOUTON
A.ttorney uey mt I
st. n- r-vmc