. ... Y OW' AN -COUNTRY.
•mjidone piece of architecture is not
SIth e.. large apd ecmmodionsu
stcruti4 . bhat.discerned within the confines
of. st re. At Jeast so we thought when
luTok . oser T. M. $iossat's preparations
fpr t ebelidays. We stated to him that he
was dious in his display and he replied,
6. = ' must be. I have been studying the
tasttdf our people and for a long time. I
have viewed our people from the little buy
and girl up to the. grim-visaged adult.
Stuadie them- day and night-for that's
part ot my business. Know their varying
wishes and ideas pretty. well, and have pro
vided for them. That's why my store at
Stracsso many dressers. I learn something
new efy day, as I don't know.. It all, yet
I keeppling on knowledge and give the
bea4tf it to my trade. You will not find
a finet establishment of its kind in any in
land city than this; I have a pride in it, and
so hate the people, and I want them all to
come and see may stock this week. It is es
pecially prepared for the holidays, and will
be disposed of at righteous prices."
This is the way Mr. Biossat, the jeweler,
speaks. Hlie doesn't mince words, but
strikes right out from the shoulder. And
the thought suggested itself to tus sand we
hope it will to the reader. There is an in
"ortance attached to our holiday purchases.
A piece of jewelry as a present to a dear
friend bears with it an imprcss that nSever
can fade. It always keeps in sight, not on
account of its intrinsic value, but for the
pleasing aand refreshing mnenmory.
Mr. BIiosssat has a jewelry store that is
really a credit to a larger place than Lafa
yette. Not only does he carry a large line
in the way of watches, clocks, bracelets,
rings, chains, and in fact anything to be 5
found in a well-conducted jewelry emporium, t
but is a manufacturer and jobber in the ware, C
keeping a salesman on the road, and lhaving
In his employ one of the most expert jewelers a
in the United States, whose work will com
are favorably with that of '[if- e
any of New York. And Mr. Iiossat takes
pleasures in displaying this handicraft, and
so does The Gazette when advising its read
ers to visit hi.- store for thepurpose of ex- t.
amining his display of gems. t
Don't fail to see Jennice Holmanf
at Falk's Sunday night.
Gardebled will fill prescriptions
at all hours of the day and night.
advt. I fi
Last Saturday was a church holi- i
day, anti was strictly observed b;y "1
mnany o our people. i
The "ni-esel in the sl:t" cr.ize
seems to be pervading the entire t
tout na try.
c Iatis s it that a negtro hobo"l ti
who was in the smash-tup at Caet
Stinday night, had his hip joint ba.t
ly dislocated.
Not vit'isttta li.. g t:. frti't cnt dis- e
:-~t':_r. om the rtad:i the .t .ýnteer
trtains er. t, aintaittnitg g.,,d :i- e - I
5't is .ne.
' " a in:f'-cr'| '(-Sl tt - t ,at t :\' tt '."
... -:" ;'t ' 1 1 . .
. C:ge, 'rt.g;-ls, " w lberia. I,. -i
'u'il orders promaptiy attrendd to.
.i':terytiiin.g ,uest b:e w\ iltd-a:wake
?,,aro n teit:,_ piart-." sai t i t in ,e
lno-t nig.t. . y ?" we aska"ed. ..
S"It's :w n i nt e-thirS p. t ., ant til
the cocks are crwt.'ng for the toea- TI
row tmorn," ie replied. alt
PIritnaries will be: ehl in ti:e se tl
ond ward todai to s:lec't a :te:iber o'f is
the Police Jury to rpilace M.r. i'ord
11rffpauir. who resign'd from i t at
bodlyon account of sickniess. Tl'he
names of Messrs. oen ts A'et aanl
Jno. l-Ioffpauir will be submitted to T
the voters. t
A traveling man say s he desires ui
no better solace than resting over in l;
Lafayette of a Sabbath and gazing
npot the loveliness of our young N
'ladies. He adds, ''that there is no
place in the state where the women a .n
chow so msch spirit as here," antli
.an only account for it on the ler
strength of our superior climate. str
The Gazette has heard some very cal
flattering conitent-s on tie address t.h
delivered by \'ir. J. R. Dt -i ,c:' t:x" tih
at the Thanksgiving c,-ie',a-ai.-:tt to
Prof. Toler's school near Mfilton. dS
We are informed that our young thtl
friend made a creditable effort, I cel
which was much appreciated by the wo
audience, all ~f whom unden strod uhu
(he French language. Io
The Billaud refinery near Z'rous
sard has the honor of mnapufactur
ing the first white sugar ever made dis
in this parish. After several ob
stacles to overcome Mr. 3illatd n
may justly feel proud of what he to 
has accomplished. He has shown sa
what pluck and enterprise can do.
The Gazette wishes him success, ilt
which, we have no doubt, he will ten
attain. be
Last Wednesday night burglars rap
,entered the home of Mr. Crow Gi- bhr
rard and stole a gold watch. The eve
.Friday following jhe New Orleans the
papers published an accousnt of the are
.arrest of a sttspicious character, Sot
in whose possession was found a ciar
gold watch, bearing the nmonogranu Fai
of Mr. Girard's father, the late 'M. i be
E. Girar?- ':hes,., facts were we
brought to the kio'anldge of Sher- r.
iff Jrontssard who wired to Chief Tii.
G aster to hold the prisoner as hei hum
was wanted here. The sheriff left its
the same day ard returned ruesa- 'in
day' with Hanson, who ~dnittcI anti
his guilt to the officer.- . cia
Last week the mill of the Cade pr
and Smedes Bros'. refinery, at .Cade Cc
s-ation, had to stop for repairs. A
boy employed at thcarricr dropped f
a chisel in the . cane. The damage ma,
was slight au-4 the mill was soon sta
started again. The boy explained net,
i'he only wanted to scare the- men i.
stationed at the crusher." . That t
- a puac 9,e brough; a heavry tno
pc of ison from .the blaksmitbh
'shoop ard concealed it upon the
carrier under the cane. It resulted I
in a complete and serious break
dorwn requiring several days and
great expense to repair the damage.
The malicious culprit has not yet
not been discovered.-Iberian.
ions Jules Guidry, a young negro, has
1es$ been contenting himself with a
len cheap "Monte Cristo." His forte
ons has been shooting at every poor,
he innocent dog that passed his way,
ed, sometimes inflicting injury to the
the animal. W\e have no society for
I the prevention of cruelty to animals
oy here in l.afayette, but there were I
alt. people who saw no sense in such
t's a spirit in the lad, and they had
rn, him arrested. "When searched there
at- was found on him a pair of brass,
ing knuckles.
yet i
the Our merchants are displaying a
'd metropolitan spirit in their window i
1° display of holiday goods. Judging -1
to from the same we see no necessity a
es- of our people taking their trade to j
il any other parish than Lafayette. I~
Our merchants are all progressive, I
ut and have a thorough knowledge of
nd what will please the most fastidious, 1
'e and have laid in their holiday stocks ii
G" with this purpose ini view. So The b
ar Gazette advises its readers to ex- s'
er amine the stock our trades people 9+
ihave to sell before looking elsewhere. th
Notwithstanding the wind held /t
is full sway here for a short period
e Sunday night, but little damage was T
, done. A few signs were blown down,
ae some fences were loosened from
n, their moorings. The rain that ac- D
" companied the wind was a god-send, 1 re
s as the long continued drouth hadts
-+placed the water supply at very low cO
- ebb, and the little water remaining u'
"[ in the cisterns was becoming somne- of
. what rebellious in its nature-but. qu
(- thank heavens, Time makes all Ifa
things even and we look for a t
boutteful flow of the clouds' "best" th
from now on.
s Lafayette Lodg-e No. 3194, K. of lan
. -I. held its annual election of of- re
ficers Tuesday night. The follow- t:,
ing gentlemen were elected: ,.
Chas. D). Caffery, dictator: Thos.
"T. Webb, Jr.. vice-dictttor; A'fredtl;i
1-Iebert, a;iistant dictator; (;Gorget's.
' Diblanh , redcrtcr; A. E. Mouto, a"
financial rei,,r'ter; Dr. J. I). T a- i
i Lin, past dictator atnd represtnl- ta-l I
tive to the grand lodge; B. Falk,
a!ternate representative; O. C.
} . tLucon, I (. 'Constantin, Albert
S.Deaoltssaye, "I r'uite ; Dennett tl
. i;,Lr, c apli,; l. F alk. Treastr- i.
or; I i,, ti , Ia uste, , (; i',e; Alex i )i
r D la0.. s.avC:, guard:at,; .:; A!bert
- l)ei :ILnt le, sent i- ",
:? !r:. 1 .,:i:. i ; ."ý! .u17 o;pened to - tr5 h
hrh .lic the ,enI, on-e -near .
1 . . , .;i: ; , 1 nii1.:t 1, Ih rt e t i e t r a rtc i : , i l
i -'1 i l'.i e i : . t. I I ithi, c[ n
:h -t ht:- it-.' the pril,,, c:.
:..--ctio). i i:; wvell to sly trhe G-;en
ti ' i i. part'i l to) receive hb ;.rt.r ,_-r
iV ....... . or a .e :, at Very re'a:;s'
.abl- -at.s. Nicols will be served at
'all I:).-'r itrin'. tthe l::v. .-A'tt: ntiin r
is cai-il to an :,ive::iser:ent in tii.; n
vweek's -( azette of this popular cara- '
" e party: wlho marled letter
T:ursav Nov. 51th to toy address
1tay hear of somneth ing to his mavan- shia
trge byV comt runicating with A. S.` 't
'iRl tto P () iBox 162o, New Or- gag
leans, La. I ne
New Orleu ntis r e.r.ing Association, . "
It was the. famous chemnist. Dc. Young, in tea
.an article in the Londomn Lancet, t".1i con- yeit
Lendl'l that beer was a food. And in a ma-i
lengthy dissertation,, on the subject demon
strated that the extract of faranaccous cer
Seals coul Ibe nothingo else, especially in Iay,
their purity. As a health-,,iving propierity
there coul.t possibly Ie not.hing so con.iucivc
to the biilting up of a system btroken utowh e
as jidicious adninistration of beer: and, to.;,
that a llodicut of the same served aus an ex
I collent tonic for the nhard working man or n
woman, possessing, as it does, all the attri- as
Sbutes and elements of strength and exhilera
tion. le it as it mar, it is an intduitale char
fact that the relresentatives of beer drink- or
jng countries are of surprisingly hearty and ro- is e
bust frame as also equatle temperament- apor
dissapation Icinog ctirely foreign to their i
nature. 1Ve deemed it within our ptovince 'Jatr
to nmake this statement as a prelude to the to ot
subject matter of this article. can
Louisiana has been noted for its varied som
products, especially rice and sugar, as also
its fruits, all of which is due to the tropical Ca
tendency of her climate. But little has hust
been said of its beer-an iundustry that is
rapidly lforging to the front within her
borddrs. In the North you may hear front wed
every tongue words extolling the virtues of
the beer of different sections-all of which M
are uSb luM" u/fra. Yet it was delegated to a sard,
Southern brewing organization the honor o$ Ot
carrying off the first prize at the WV.rtki'. us a
Fair, fur bottled hear manufactured within .ii
ihe brocad domain of the United States. tatio
\Ve refer )articula:ly to the N.ew Orleans I)
ltre\ini.; Associati'uo. of this como:,,onlcwtak:-. spen'l
"liheir heer is brewed fron tile very fin.est of L.n
hot.s and prepared with e.pecial refetrence t') -
its purpose tor bottling, the ibral "'Loui;s
i na," being sitrily delicious fo; tablee use
an.l having no sulperior, in fa-t, connoisseurs a hal
of beer prefering it to any other, and plysi- from
cians om mndinig it for its higi:ly tonic coif
properties. It keeps in any climatle, snd is For I
sol-, today, throughout the United States, Alr
Cetital and South Amieria.s.
L'ntil recently this section of the siate .has
more or less bhencdependent for its beer on
foreign cstall!rshment, that is, an article "I
manufactured without the confines of ta: BruiL
State. Early last spring . J. LiRene HBoan- Sbret
net, a native of New Orleans. in prospect- Corn
lag through tiis section for some avenua is cuarei
which to engage in bu-indss, came to guart
-ifayette. .June I, after careful .delibera- mrone
It-o,~ tr.9 s9n.J.d. _(,r-~ .,' . opot~o!,?j- ]'or a
..~ - ---- . .
ighb ty for a man possessed of business princi
the ples, to not only better his own condition,
but be of some material and commercial
benefit to the trade of tais parish. After
eak- consultation with the business men of Lafa
and yette, he repaired to New Orleans and had
ae. a conference with the metmbers of the asso
elation, and presented matters in such a fa
'et vorable light to thenm that he was appointed
the agent for the New Orleans Brewing As
h sociati'm at this poinr. lie returned to
a .fayette and located his stand and with
a strong competitors to contend and combat
>rte he has inch by inch supplanted all- and to
for, day "The World Fair P'rcnlium Beer" is the
ideal of this section, as it deserves to be. In
'ay, his territory here he supplies fBroucsardville,
the Carencro, Breaux Bridge and Royville.
for These towns are in the Lafayette dtstrict.
lals But Mr. Bonnet's work so commmended it
self to the Association that on tile first day
ere of Noveimber. they made Lafayette a gener
itch al distribution point, with himt in charge,
lad and increasing his t rritory as to include
are Opelousas which will be a branch to I.afa
yetto. This branch will control the trade of
SS \Vashington, Suset, (;rand Coteau, Ville
Plat, Church Point and Arnaudville,. So
L.afnyette through the faresight of Mr. Bon
a net lecomes the general distributing point
OW for Lafayette, St. Landry and part of St.
in" M~ artin parishes. And this is but the natur
ity al sequence of vim and dctcrmination. Mr.
i onene llonet is but a young man, but
to has been thoroughly iauiml to tile usage; of
t. co:nnercial hlic. and when engaging in busti
ye, ness here had obstacles to overcome. The
of people of this parishand vicinity admire
Spluck and it was not long before both he
Sand his wares ha.l ingrati:htcd themselves in
ki th": hearts of the people; all-l where once
he but little of the New Orleans' Brewing As
• . sociation beer was sold fronls here, it now re
lquires three carloads each montlh to supply H
the demand. The Gazette commends to
re. the attention of other young men the opfpor
tunities offered by Lafayette and surround
d ings for their commercial advancement.
as The Cream of Current
nI Thought.
PUBLIc: OPINION, published at Washington,
, ). C., is a weekly jo.urnal devoted to the e
d, reproduction, in condenscd form, of carefully
d selected magazine articles and of editorials
,. conmment from the representative daily and:
weekly Iress of all political parties, and
c from all parts of the country. The readers
e- of PULrtIC OPINION get all sides of every
it, questiot,. It is j:st the paper thit the
lI fsarmcr anll villager need for general reading.
It keeps its readers fully abreast of i:
tinmes and supplier the;lu with the bet
thought of the day in the fields of A,nerican
Affairs, Foreign Asiairs Sociology, Cosii,erce,
Finance, Religion, Science, l'ducati,m, Art,
f and i1::'v B oksk. I'.aet.th: OCIrixoN an'! thle
ru\ral wcu.e,! suap;lnent each other :admir
ably. T"'.,ethi tv:y give the farmer or
- villager ald his family mol:re of current ner,-,
.tit,orial conilnt, andI mtagazine literature
than cani be h.u in any other way for five
tirmes their cost- The'i price of 1'iri ,.i :
I ()iO'iItm hasn been redstce l from 53.00 to I
e .-:.,o p" year. 'e have just coimpleted
, ar:aoge-aetsts by which we ca,, offer P't'tI.ICt
S()Oils: _ anl Th'e Gazectte for ;3.o0 casht
i- I nr y'ear.
Iai'vyIoots Results. 1
" ,- rai : letter w;iiten l'v Rev. J. Gunder
t man, ofr )izrondale, Michi., we are permit
t tel to .ke this c.',eact: "i have no hesita-e
:i." n ia rec,,;a acntinig i)r. R-ing's New:.
)isc; et ry, -ar s tih: r-s: ultsa \5 . ;er a.*l::ist mII r-
vt,:sI-; in the cas- of aiy w:fe. \Vile I L.1
t. es p.stor oi the "Sa,t..t Chutrch at Rive;
Tu:i.,: size was Lr,:ugiit :down with
SP;ituniii onia succee ii: , l..a tGripp.. Te.r
r,t !,aro, yom r of cti-; ing : I.,al l.'t
IT 1 : .. ita little intt-ss- i nt and it .e iued in I
- fs sf coS .ul It not survi've t, ::i. A rI:
ri.e i ,r c ,., ,1 I .-. t: t:.; inl
l r p' p lar ' ier . tir e:, ' r. M . I ;,"t t 1 to^.
is ',o : -s uip tihe road { l:ke (2si cl,1 ci. I I n
0hi run tn home irid a' n-.ht t ft t"o
ient to lk O l eins the tr'in that enjoyed, . t
- colliiii, anl he efperienel 1
urtin er lay. },l
1J,-.111t, w:'as up the roarl t. l.ake ('ade.lc.%, alrt cont.
.:, c:a r..turu-m.; butte Friday ni iht it '.;'as . + ltL,
"t hi; luck to, lbe on the tnin that enjoyd a tt
- shate-ti that he graphically: depicts as :er,
at:y tCing but Iclasaint, and he says when en
-.agd for ny'tling to bizarre as a railroad char
nacident hie vw5J,-,1 prefer to know: hcf.,e
ianil, so to be prepared for the shck. .
SThce bi,"ovel Jesuit priest fro.3i Gran 1 C.o- was
Steau. Father de Stockhalper, ws in L.afa. b t
)-cite tSun lay ;u.l preached an eloquent scr- cure
ailnr at the Catholic church. T in
MIr. anll .Mrs. Robert Richard visitedi Csnff
Ilreaux ilridge Sunday, rcturinlg the sae c!s.
day. New
MIr. I laraias (;uilbeau. of C'.rencro, paid ,of w
'Thle (i:zctt,_ an appreciated visit 'Tuesday wonl
ev 'eni . an d
-Icnc Boonet indrl Eld. Coutret went hunt
Sing Tuesday-, and the rcsit of their foraging
was three rabbliits anlc thirty quail. Au
Next nyoth one of our prominent ier-c Elc
chacrts will sever his connection svith Isahchl- I irs
- orhood uandt becsine a teriedtict. So earnest infl-s
is he in the nzattcr that he has ha.n.somely procl
- aportioned a home for tile lady that is to he trial
his helpmeet, so we are satisfied that in E lcc
a "tonic
Jautary awe may furnish :n good society item sist t
to our readers. At least we feel sure we I'arg
can and MIorris Rosenfield teloils us there i- C leg
something of this nlature in the air.
Judge I)ebaillon was called to Lake
Cha.les last Sunday to attend to some legal . I h
business. In II
have
?.Ir. and Mirs. Rousseaux Mlotuton, of costs.
Lake Arthur, left .Monday for home after a 1.a
week's visit to relatives in this town.
Mrs. Artbnr Riy, andl children, of Brous l
sard, spent Sunday in L.afavette. . of
Our youg friend, Floria:s Cormae. pai Lc.
us a p!easant visit Sunhci v ns-ernia-g. Flo- tane
1r1.1n is now cengage: Ioiling sugar QC an ilan
i ltaion in .afourche parish. A.
D)ave M.o3'ton came homte Saturday antd -
Sspent a'fcw days with his many friends in
LAZ.
For Rent.
fiorty ncres of go'd tillable land two and
a half miles from Lafayette, attd sie ~ile
Sfrom Montou's Switch on the Soutlhern i'a
cific Railroad, well draimetl and fenced. P,y
For terms lpply to this office. or Mrs. C. I'. R. 13.
Al1ha, near Masonic IIall, Lafayette, La. ward,
recter
Butckln's Arnica Salve. at frt
lTirse BI.st' AIVE in the world for Cuts. iaSI
Bruises, Sores, Ucers, Salt Rheumn. Fever the ft
Sores. Tetter, Chapped Hands. Chilblains, On
Corns,..and all Skin Etuptiottna, and positively j armoi
care Piles, or no pay requrred. It is cooki
guaranteed to give pe:fect satisfact a or i stand
money refan.led. Price e5 cents p- r oo. dininl,
t'o ,5AJ# by W.m, kC,;, ,
cia
!'iN EW 8 TOcO K!
tad
sto
15
it
SFRESH AN C
at AT
r.
HI-N. H. IHOQ QFORS'I-,
Cor. LAPAYET'TE and VISflRlILION Strccts.
Mrs ME S Simpson
Has just arrived fro.nm the ocrth with a fine selecticn of
Millinery Goods, Hats, Feathers, Flowers,
L Ribbons and Notions
CX4 AIl in the latest styles.
cx4.
P. DEMANADE & CO.
Labe's Lormer Stand, next to Olivier I-Hotel.
ILiqCiors, Wines and Tobaccoes.
Staple and Fancy Groceries.
Oysters Served in all Sties. IHt aad (eold Luonches. H,
gdors, Whies an Toace.;
GE\TIL'S HOTEL.
(Opposite So. Pac. R. R. LDep ot.)
! MRs. R. Gilv-NTrL-, .-. c .
l;oiard by the week or day. M!eals ;at all
hours. Rates very reasonable.
I L FA'ET1 1TE, - - - I.A.
Literary Note.
Th'ie relation which price bear; t q t ::litF)
in literature is m tade obthsre by the C is-t- I
.1:1; CosmaI polit:ti. Stories by lKi r' " .r.
hipling, "iVm. ];,-.n I10 [,-.s , Mor. Se n:er
Trask, .Mrs. l3.rton Iia .'riso, anI A:,i.ian
\1. Tour -., are intersperce.l nith: p ,ar,
by '.tr :Edwin Arol.d, ,. 'nd i. .' C :.;::-,
:;te!an, an:i Jnamni-s \Vhitcomi Riluhe-. w:i:i:
thriougi the numb her are scatcred ill: :r:
tion- by such finous artists as -:.J;
"T c. -, ,ei:n!:art, 'Turner, Van S. ':k
-ib :',t, awill ,:vte '. " A s ;ieýs of ,.:.i
of beautiful woinni of s,.:i.tv 1: -:
an article oin The Relations of I'hot.,.r it.",
t . \Art; a travel article by Nap,,len Nay,
,ra.nd. s.on of r, fairaious Field l.arshall on1
Sof the seri's of Great I'assions of I ;:;try,
to which flruille and Gosse have a! a .
contriluted, and half a dozen oth-rs equlg m ii
Siltrcrsting, gi<. t:uakenk up thi attraclti : o:
thi niumb'r. The Cosmnnpolitan people say:
' uit- might charge you more for this u, nti
her, but, in all frankness, could vwe giv : vc.
better material, better illustrated, if :v.
charged you a dollar a copy?"
ITwo Lives Saved.
.Mrs. Poebe Thomas, of Junction City, Ill
was told by her doctors she had Consitti.iontl
and that the-re was no hope for her, but two
b tttlc; l)r. King's New l)is.coecry com'ple;tey
curetl her and site says it sas it ved her life. Air.
Thlbs. Egg., I, 139 Florida St. San 'lr-:nciso , ,
sufferedl Ifr-n a dreadful cold, aprol, a:in :
Consnumiptioln, tried without result ever- ' in .
ise. then boug'it one bottle of fDr. King.'
New i)iscoverv and in two wseeks wa; c:ure.
lie is naturally thankful. It is such r-s lts,
of which these are samples, that prot,- th:.
wonderful cthicaey of this medicine in a. . .2,,
and Colds. Free trial bottles: at \Vm. Cle 4· s
l)ug Store. Rcgnular size Soc. and t.o0.,.
Cure for .Headache
As a remsedy for all forms of Illealache
Electric Bitters has proved to be the very best.
It effects a permanent cure and the mnstl
dreaded halitual sick headaches yield to its
infltence. \Ve urge all who e all who are ailictdc to
procure a bottle and give this remedy a fair
trial In cases of lhabitual constip.iti n
Electric Bitters cures Uli giving the nel2"-l
tonic to the bowels, and few cases long re
sist the use ot this medicine. Try it once
Large bottles only Fifty cnts at \V::.
Clegg's Drug Store . _
Taken Up.
I have in my possession five hogs - toun:l
in my pasture. The owner or owrcrs c.an
have them by proving ownership and p tyin, it
costs. PIERRaE REVI] LON.
L.afayette, La., Dec. 5, 1894.
& Attention Knights.
Election ,,- efli "ers Lafayette Lodge 319j
t{. of H. will take place at the menti ~
Dec. II, ISy4. Otl.er business of of inpspor
taince. .ll brethlren are requested to
C. D. C(AFFIty, Dictator.
A. I.\, Reporter.
Constable's Sale. fy
2'
LAZARUS LEVY. VS. L. Ml.dI.ER
-3Eti WARD JUS I'ICE'S
COUs r--LAFAVE FTE:
PARII, LA.
By virtue of a writ of fi fa issued by H-In
R. B. Martin, justice of peace of the thirn
ward, Lafayette parish, La., an-I to n'a di
rected, I have seized and will offer for s ie
at front door of the court house of si.:
par.sh, on
Saturday. Dec. 22, 1894,
the following des.lihed property, to-wit:
One Victoria ,Nel, one dressing stand, one
armoir, one Victoria bed an-' mattress, one I tat
cooking stove, one dresser, one ' wvahing thi
stand, four chairs, one rocking chair, one . la
dining t.able, one smalt table anti one safe.
C',- fB.=Nv-.'tr, Constable 3rd ward.
D. V. Gardebled
PHARMACIST,
I and dealter in
D)j'cr S, Patent Medicincces,
" ,:::i S' Sundri,.s, Finc Purfun.ery,
| ;!'t <'.,ap; . Ci. ar.., "T':!bacco, etC.. Sta
...- y 5 ,, )-,1 ,,?:;, I' nt'j an:. O ils.
.::c'tii l :i: v: ; c..reftf.ly con:/poun.,.i i at all
't.:_ · , . ,. ::..,- n :l ni ht. Avpr th n t .
'- ' ·t" .t .L- . : ..
C iAUX & IENOUDE T
Lu..re or Co.
Ail I.':!s of I.,:nimb r, ceilin ,
i.;:. CitCrns a specialty.
.\:I so :-if ,i:gl.J. .apply to
oaaI:. L- Peilerin,
Ar+: r,~et,- i " ;, I , -. - - - dA .
3o- 4M
GIUSS IAOI LINIMENT
?rcperty for SaiS
i'ur. All wih imnprovei ntsh I a 1 order!i.
crt er hf,'::atin a ly to A. N}E ' ,
Fal! Estaie for Sals
"w., L.t4 in McCOMIt'S Ad litionim
Fi' It,:- I C -',: C II'S Additit, n unit -
,r,,v- ,t, but n- ly fcncc.I in. \VilI sell to
t,,r a, I v:,a,,t,-l. Apply to A. Ni'
" , .:fa tte, . 30-42
GZNlU OF .L, iL LVEIS.
Curel All Iruptllonl * r ile Sllkn.
For t1.sle by all laru s.tatg.
C. A. Voorhics,
NEV OR.LEANS.A. re.
= clrescats--
W,. H. LEE & CGO
W shofesile lfiq uors
7;3 ai 1 715 .Lucas .Avnue, St. I.'.)TS-, .1:.
I 3i.-3OVE YOUR STOCK
AT STUD.
The Thorougiibred Holstein Dull,
COL. IRECKENRIDGE.
Fee, 3.0oo
Pure Bred Jersey Dull,
I3EEC:HER.
F1ec, $2.50.
VWhen to cows ire sent one taken
free. - F. F. MYLES,
2783m near Lafayette.
Notice,
All io.es u having cl:i'n;t againdt the et
ttat of Dir. F. C. .at;i ,.d a 11 ptreset 1
them to undtrsic n-cJ, within tele d..,) , r
- lassifi a'iou,
C. D)aIatLI.ON, of Cou.nse|,
Nov, , rI.,
IA CIRJSTPAS TREE N
ON CHRISTMAS
Could be ieaulifully decorated with presents. foiy o "
Sister, Swcet-.ceart, wife, or child, if you would call ai : "
' . M. ~isat's Jewelry Store, where all of the latest
novelties of the season are on sale. Not only is there'
every style .of ine jeweiry of allkinds to suitall sizes and
ages, but also a lovely line of gold-Leaded silk uinbrel
J-s and par: soIs. Onyx top table end' banquet lamps,
gold pins and pencils, table and pocket cutlery, the
latest in ' "owettes" Dieinmod goods of all descriptions.
Onyx ald Bronte ;clocks, an- elegant line of Ladies'
and gent's goln watches. Any and all styles of goods
made in Goll and silver on short notice. .
Gil e me a call; I promise to please you, as my
prices are within reach of all. Mail and Express or:
ders promptly filel.
-T . 1'd. E
P. 0. BOX 137. Lafayette, Louisiana.
UNPRECEDENTED S:LE!
CLOTHING
Furnishing Goods at
L. LEVY and SON.
Hamimerslough Bros. New York clothing "Equal to Tailor Made,."
can be had of us at very moderate prices. The "ELK" Brand an.d
STETSON Hats, as well as SALLER, LEWIN & Co's. fine shoes always
on hand and warranted to ,ive satisfaction.
Competiticn Absolutely Impossible.
Beyond the Reach of Competition,
LEON PLONSKY
H-as the Largest Stock of
Ever Bre- . atayette
Dry Gooods, Hats, Shoes,
Ladies' Cloaks, Cap e
All in the latest styles
THERbE: Is A STORE
ON THE SOUTHpES 1P
COR. COURToHOUSIl
SQUARE,
here Pure Drugs, Patent Medicines, Toilet Articles, I
Stationary, etc., Fine Cigars, and the best of Wines, :'"
and Li'iunr-s for medicinal purposes, are sold at. re_- ME-
sonable prices.
lso a few fine Groceries are to be had and some
H ardlware.
HIS P'LACE IS OWrNED BYCT LEGG
Miss Louise Revillon
_  Soiicits a visit to her_
' M-P--- A/ f LOf1 es----- -
A FULL ASSORTMENT OF FINE UOODS IN THE
LATEST STYLES.
A. J. 'Ioss. A. EMILE MOUTO:,
MOSS & MOUTON
At WHOLESALE and RETai, !
Ofi Fti .LND V' ARI) NE4AR RAIL, P OAD DPO.
l.AVFAYIETT i:, LOlUI SIAxN\,
CyprEss and Pine ILtihber, Rou ,gh and Dressed, Shingles, Doosa Sas,
Blinds l, )u!lding, ,tg.o
Pittsburg Coal, Firewoo4,
Mc 'ormick Hlar .ster, ftiindcr and Mower, I'agle f .
a:d Ridini (': tivators, L,.tton and Corn liantepp
Stalk C(trter|, ELtc,
Wagons, Cjsteron,.
-:.-. ". ", . ' ~ ~~~- ; +::.! + ' .