s .t v.p...
paper oa Y pee-,
tt: udwwrtlmrnsmt ra, fIs ,
rs tuml t -
Wonist, of Milton, I
this week on business.
4. C Guilbeau, of Carencro,
last Tuesday-on busi
a.. friend, Welman Brad- t
Miayne, was in Lafayette a
-d Wednesday. f
ellen opened the session $
l court last Monday. The b
s very light h
Chlppuis, of Crowley, and
, were in Lafayette this
Ma. Chappuis was here on
Lilla Olivier, of St. Mar
Seasd Edvige Olivier, of Brous- a
were in Lafayette Friday visit- n1
81
ý: - -JCAo. 0. Mouton has been w
sa friends in Galveston during o1
tli past week. al
K a:J Feliz Voorhies and datigh- c
:e- , Miss Cecile, of St. Martinville, li1
g 'uin .Lafayette this week. The a
, :gde paid us a pleasant visit. T.
--i. Robert Randle, of Lafayette, o
" after a pleasant stay in our midst, ,
r~tesaed home on Thgraday.-Opel- r
. usaa Clarion. R
imeo. J. Plousky, M. Klaus and as
Miss Gassie Wolf, of Washington Oz
waer In Lafayette thisweek visiting li
relatives. They returned home nD
Tuesday. pl
Harry .Durke, member of the h
-Police Jury, was in town Tuesday.
Ms- . Durke is expecting a high bred wi
horse which he recently bought
Sfrbm A. C. Colline the celebrated
horse dealer of Milan, Tenn.
St.
Prof. Ben Toler, of Duson, was At
.ia town last Saturday. We were ali
se-ey to learn that Mr. Toler had re- ph
sineed his position as teacher and gal
intended to leave oar paaish.
Miss Fannie Crawford, of Wash
ingtne, accompanied by her guest, wb
Miss Mamie Singleton, of Lafayette, aI
spent Saturday last in Opelousas, col
-, isiting Miss Carrie Elms.-Opel- the
oesas Clarion. col
Miss Alida Guidry, was yesterday th
swoan as Separating Clerk, in our
- postofce. She received the oppoint
meat upon the recommendations of cLo
the postmistress and it will doubtless
prove to be a most proper and judi
cilos one.--Opelousas Clarion.
aga
The attention of the lovers of live
horse-flesh is called to the advertise. Co
.met -in another column in which
appears the pedigree of "Cash
SItem." Any one doubting the Tb
genuineness of this pedigree is re
quested to write to C. A. Collins of lice
M- ilen, Tenn. quc
fens
Jules Guidry and P. A. Delhomme tens
~f Scott came down on the afternoon tow
train Wednesday. The roads are so of a
bad that these gentlemen were com- act
pelled to come on the train. thoi
DE Mossiker, of the firm of Levy O 11
& Co. of Orange, Tex., stopped of t
over ian Lafayette a few days this and
week. Mr. Mossiker has just re- ties
turned from New York where he had the
gone to buy spring goods for his la q
store in Orange, and that of L. Levy that
& Son in this place. plac
F-.rank Bernard and Jack Bonin not
o 'ayne were in Lafayette Wed- cls
-: :~,ayon their way home. They taxs
ig:.--one to Opelousas over land but e
d such a hard-time getting through he u
ioggy roads that they concluded to f
te.ve their horse and buggy in Ope- fe
-plpsas and return home on the train
·1Sm Levy is now "hustling up" oi
,-.trade for his store here. The atten- com
~t <of our readers is called to the to c_
"thange in the advertisement of L. was
Levy& Son. They have received a doin
' opete, stock of fresh spring goods com
de desiious of showing to the to tl
o f Lafayette what they can ada:
ri the way of bargalts. These ice
t"leeuhhayev seat an experienced that*
Sto the North to purchase their of th
:lnk and summer stock and are and
S'pqosition to sell you goods of whet
, qu. ality at the lowest prices pos- licen
::"; ot Through A..ose. that
ody fired a pistol shot into peoap
ik e of Dick Richey last Tues- story
t. (he bullet making its way limit
antle wheire it struck a ment
t broke-, .it,. The authori- quest
I iins charged with -comilicity in
othershooting. We are ~afdried that
Arsothe r restiswill soonirfollow.
sr'Bufontssard did somek clever
rnic' q k orIro t Mmnday. One
i Jacoi BJusc, an agent for a patent
pea sprig klock, ho :was stopping at
one of the principal hotels, had left
oaa o: east bound train without'
settling his board bill. The sheriff
boarded the I:1o train and located t
Lon, him at New Iberia where he was ar
as. rested. The sheriff returned on ]
the g:35 train haltuag in custody the t
ir man Buack who paid his bill and
was released. Immediately upon 0
his. arrival the Sheriff received a s
'ad- telegram from Deputy Sheriff Read, F
tte of St. Landry, telling him to watch a
for Batiste Hill, wanted for horse i
ion stealing. Before 4 o'clock Hill was
rhe behind the bars. Sheriff Broussard t
had found him seated in one of the y'
coaches of the west-bound train
his having a ticket for Lake Charles.
on A Fleet-Footed Prisoner.
The report of two pistol shots
Wednesday morning attracted quite a
a large crowd of people at the cor
ner of Vermallion and Jefferson
it- streets. Officer Romero was con
ducting Eli Royland to jail and wasin
en walking imediately behind the pris- t
ag oner who showed no desire to run t
away until he reached the Lacoste
corner where he made a break forin
a, liberty and started down the street
he as fast as his legs could carry him.
The officer followed and fired two ti
shots in the air to frighten the pris- st
Soner, who did not stop bet contin- se
Ut, aed to run and being a very fast
e- runner distanced his putrsuer. Mr. a
Romero mounted a horse, overtook a
d and captured the fleet-footed pris- ca
on oner near Dr. Hopkin's field. Roy- tr
g land was arrested by Marshal Vig- tr
me neaux as he was thought to be im- w
plicated in the shooting through the
Shouse of Dick Richey Tuesday
night, but'evidence in possession of
y. the police proves that he was not
d with the party that did the shooting.
ht rem
d Fire in St Martinvlle. s
A Times-Democrat special from to
St. Martinville, dated Feb. Z9, says: be
as At 2:30 o,clock this morning an ad
re alarm was sounded calling the peo- u
P- ple to the scene of a fire which was Up
d gaining great headway in the upper cot
part of tow. The fire originated
- in the grocery store of Lovas & Bro., Ln
t, which was soon enveloped in flames
, and burned to the ground. The fire we
s, communicated to the residence of tIe
- the same parties, which was also
completely destroyed. At 4 o,clock Ch
the fire was gotten under control. anc
The origin of the fire is unknown, the
but it is supposed to have been
caused from matches ignited by rats.
s Loss about $6ooo, insurance $4000oo. ga
Exempt from Taxation. the
The suit instituted by the parish late
against Mr. Numa Schayat, who
lives in what is known as the Mc- tow
Comb addition, for a license tax joy.
was decided by Judge Allen last
Tuesday in favor of the defendant. org
The suit was for the recovery of a cati
license tax as retailer of spirituous li- and
quors and retail merchant. The de
fendant among other things, con- a fe
e tended that he, as a resident of the the
R town, was exempt from the payment Bric
of a parish license by virtue of the grac
act of x836 incorporating it, al- be 1
though the teritory where he carries
on his business was not in the limits view
of the corporation as therein fixed; theil
and this because the wn authori- in a
ties had, by a& elec;' amended this
the charter, taking in the territory seas
in question. The parish contended show
that this territory, having been sect
placed under the jurisdiction of the cent
parish in 1823 when created, could culti
not be taken by the town to the ex- befo
clusion of the power of the parish to
tax it--the same as other towns in repr
he parish. The judge found that ofA
from the evidence these salient cro
facts appeared: that x884, some time
after the town had taken in the New
territory, the then Police Jury ap- s h
pointed a committee to meet a like of le
committee from the City Council lege
to confer and report as to whom
was due the licences from persons popu
doing business there; that the joint as cl
committee repoited they were due
to the town; that this report was Mi
adopted by the Police Jury, which
body never attempted to collect the f
licenses from that part of the town; for tl
that the town authorities took charge Eucl
of the territory, made streets, etc.,
and that is was only several years Em
when a new Police passed a resolu- the 1
tion instructing the sheriff to collect were
licenses. Ellis
Under these facts the court held
that the parish had relinquished a
its right to levy a license tax on mea
people doing business in the terri- J. H.
story incln led in the corporation nelus
limits as extended by the amend- Mast
ment. The judge added that the the
question is involved in many le
gal difficulties. was a
Wenandersland tbhat the case is duct.
ape~abl i. th Belu resde Court. f -i
y -,in CuiQ t Newv.
that - qFromt Ssa Correspondent.
-In alj communities there are a
number of men who in their youth,
ever through poverty or from other
One causes, have been deprived of the
tent advantages of education. In later
Sat years they feel and fully appreciate t
left the need of that knowledge which I
out would render. them better able to
er fight life's battle; and also place
ted them more on an equality with their i
ar- fellows. Owing to the many res- I
on ponsibilities that face every man, a
the they find it impossible to attend and a
ad avail themselves of the advantages p
offered by the usual village day g
a school. It is to fill this void, that c
ad, Prof. C. F. Latiolais has established "c
tch a night school in Carencro, which
irse is well patronised. We wilh him ss
was every success, and have no doubt. -
ard that the Carencro night school, will a_
the yet prove one of its leading institu- p;
tions.
-Mr. I. Alpha of Franklin, was w
in town last week, having been em- or
ts ployed to repair certain machinery
te at the Carencro Union Ginnery. y
r- -Messrs Geo. Melchior and C. p,
F. Latiolais, were visitors to Brous- se
o sardville last Saturday. to
as -The "Cherokee" plan for work- ,
as- ing the public roads is a good one; ar
s- the only change we could suggest di
to which we believe might be an imr- to
or provement on it, would be, that ou
instead of deviding the work into th
five mile contracts, let it be appor- cis
tioned by wards. Have it under- su,
a- stood between the parish, and the an
several contractors that the work th.
will be paid for after conpletion,
r. and acceptance by a suitable com- to
r mittee to be appointed by the police pr
jury. This proposition would ac- WI
complish three purposes. The con- ha
tractors would in the first place "a
hasten to finish and submit their fid
e work; secondly the parish would to
risk nothing: "No work, no pay" be
a rule that governs every legitimate rig
of undertaking; lastly these contracts we
would very likely be awarded to be
residents of the wards through which sty
such roads lead and be conducive
to a certain rivalry that would prove in
s: beneficial to the public at large. In te
n addition to the regular rate agreed loo
°- upon, let the police jury offer a cal
1i premium of a certain amount to the ex(
er contractor doing the best work. I ha
dLG-Misses Armide Guilbesa, and inl
' Lucy Bernatrd were the guests of
Mrs. Robicheaux of Huron last Ab
e week. Whale there the young gsn
tlemen of the place, among whom wit
0 might be mentioned Messrs. J. S. co,
Chick, A. S. Wood, C. W. Purvis
and S. J. Smith did everything in den
their power to make the stay of the S,!
young ladies an enjoyable one. fait
-Chess the greatest of all great -
games, has become very popular in full
the neighborhood of the depot fro,
h lately.
0 -Brother Ike Broussard was in sar
town last Saturday, smiling and as atte
x jovial as usual.
t -"Flying horses" and a hand has
organ in the Deleglise lot, are sevi
K catering to the tastes of children,
and darkeys. Fric
--The Teche Railroad Co. will in lent
a few days resume the building of are
C the road between Huron and Breaux Cha
t Bridge. There is but a mile of past
grading, and four miles of rail to
be laid to complete the work acct
-Your correspondent has .i'ter- sleej
sviewed a number of planters, to get we
their opinion as to what the increase say,
in acreage in sugar cane would be ever
this year as compared with last and
season. These estimates would wel
show an increase in the Carencro
section of five to seven hundred per Mr
cent. Farmers have gone into cane mos
cultivation who never planted a stalk this
before. the
-Mr. M. J. Delpit, the popular poss
representative of Wm. Hill & Co. the
of Alexandria was a visitor in Caren- that
cro several days ago. Rea
-Dr. F. W. Courtney left to the
New York last Saturday, where he yett
has gone to attend a special course fath
of lectures at a leading medical col- part
lege of that city. larit
-Mr. Fred Jones, one of our ofth
popular young men is now employed At
as clerk at the large store of C. were
Micaud. rer
-At the girl's parochial school, brea
the following were awarded medals mere
for the week ending Feb. :6th. Miss but a
Euchariste Bernard"Lessons," Miss worl
Emma Babineau "Conduct". At prev
the boys parochial the following ing
were the contestants. tst Class: coun
Ellis Prejean, Clarence Bernard, have
Master Ellis Prejean gaining the wido
medal. and Class: Hubert Dupuis, cons
J. H. Cousson, Caesar Prejean, Cor
nelus Sonnier and Hyp. Sonnier, rom
Master Cornelus Sonnier gaining -
the medal. Master Clarence Bernard still
was awarded the medal for "Con- roun
duct."em
-Dr. J. P. Franrez left last Wed- Alex
nesday to spend a few days on the
sea coast. We trust he may have a
area pleasant time.
itth, TOTuDan Vsness
theRoyville Iteams.
t roem Our Rstla, Carspoadeat.
later -Another week has rolled by.
:iate and theusual rush of trade still con
hich tinues. The Wilson bill; the uncer
to tainty of sugar; the depression of
lace cotton, and the wrecking of trains
heir have no efect what ever on our town.
res- Biiiness is good. Our merchants
tan, are satisfied, and the farmers are
and not kicking. Fields are being
iges plowed, and all planters are ener
day getic in their efforts for this yeas's
that crop, We predict good times for
hed '94.
ich -Martial Billeaud, Esq., Bross
sim sardville's sugar magnate, was in
ubt. Royville Tuesday and Wednesday,
will and favored our office with an ap- I
itu- preciated call. Mr. Billeaud feels
confident that "ere long" Lafayette
was will be considered the sugar parish k
'm- of Louisiana.
ery -How does these figures strike I
your ear for 6K acres of land. Net
C. product, s6,oo pounds sugar,
us- selling at 5 cents with bounty added,
total profit, $S,soo. Such was the
rk- quantity of sugar raised on that
oe; amount of land. It would be a
est difficult matter for any cane section d
m- to do better. It remains a fact that
iat our lands are unparrelled by any in a
ito the world, and that they ate espe- o
Dr- cially adopted to the culture of the
r- sugar cane. Let only capital drift
he amongst us, and our people promise
rk the balance.
on, -Carencro and Duson, according
in- to their correspondents are gaining S
ce prominence as *"water resorts."
ic- Would it not be nice though, to
in- have both towns connected by canal, Gi
ce "a miniature Suez." We feel con
eir fident that peddlers would subscribe lm
Id to the list, as many a nickle could
y" be saved by them regarding wheel
ite right and blacksmith repairs. It a
ts would be so convenient to ply ab
to between the two towns a la Venice di,
ch style.
re -It seems to us that never before me
ye in the annals of our "glorious exis
In tence" have we seen as pretty and smc
ed lovely girls as Royville and vicinity
a can boast off. We express without
ue exception, that nottown in the State ir
has as beautiful Creoles as our little
Ad inland village.
of -Mr. P. B. Roy was called to
st Abbeville Saturday on business.
s- -Hon. O. Cade spent Sunday S
mn with his family at "Belleview" his
5. country home.
is -Mr. T. H. Theriot hcw a res4
in dent of Ab.ville, was is town
je Sunday chatting with his many sys
f:iends.
it -It is with pleasure we note the aw
in fullrecovery of Mrs. J. Bonnematson Jud
At from her recent spell of illness. t
-Misses Noemie and Z. Brous- auc
n sard two Lake Simonet young ladies IPa
Is attended mass in Royville Sunday.
-Our good friend Albert Mouchet bet
d has been confined to his room for i
e several days suffering from la-grippe. situ
--The way of the cross began last oft]
Friday and will continue through and
a lent. Services at the catholic church qua
f are conducted by Rev. Father as
x Chabrier, our beloved and esteemed Tra
f pastor. impi
-Our confrere "'Totidem Verbis" rie;
accuses himself of being lazy and two
sleepy lately. Whether he is or not, L
t we refrain from saying, but we do
say, that we miss his f 'news" when
:ever he fails to write. The Gazette
t and "Carencro News" are always ST
I welcome in Royville.
-Died in Royville, Monday last V
Mr. Jean Reaux, the oldest and W
most influential old gentleman of in
this section. Mr. Reaux had reached Tra
the ripe age of 87, and was still in
possession of his full faculties, when
the angel of death reminded him trato
that his time had come. Mr. Cou'
Reaux was connected with some of allp
the best families of Iberia and Lafa
yette parishes. He was the grand of
father of assessor N. Reaux of this shoe
parish. In testimonial of his popu- town
larity, his funeral was probably one A. U
of the largest ever seen in Royville. a-.
At a rough estimate 5oo persons
were in attendance. Mr. Reaux,
regretted very much to die, as beforeSTA
breathing his last he faintly mur
mered: "I know I am old and aged, szvc
but still, I am yet of use to this
world." Not many weeks past, he W
prevented two gentlemen from tight- minis
ing a duel; his fatherly and timely Land
counsel saved probably what might con
have beefl murder. To his bereaved acor
widow and children we tender our And
consolation and sympathies. ar b
CHEROKEE.
1)uson Dots.
From OUr Reg~,a, Coonespodnt.
-Hard times and cold weather of
still cling to our little burg and sur- shout
rounding cotintry, but it does not Gi'
seem to hUish the wedding bells, for town
we are fifltRI4ed that a son of Mr. 89
Alexaad#t Mflptaiir, took Untito him- a-a
the self a better half this week.
re a -Our energetic farmers are
moving with a steady tread and the
indications are, from what we can
hear, that there will be more oats
and less rice planted in their section
by, this year than usual.
on- -Mrs. L. S. Bailey has returned
Cr- home after a long sind pleasant stay
Samong relatives and friends. A
ins hearty welcome to you, grand. ma.
-n. -Mr. Hugh Hutchinson's new
nts dwelling house has commenced to
are show up at a distance and when
ing examined closely is quite an honor
er- to the architect, who is Mr. John
s Thompson.
or -Some of the gentlemen of our
community have at last succeeded
as- in getting B. F. Toler, our efficient
in public school teacher to tesign.
y, -Oh I yes, Mr. Editor we have
P' plenty of enterprise amon the gen
rls tlemen of our commtinity, but we
te are sorry to say, it is of the wrong
sh kind. POTATO. D ooan
kDemand of AdministratIon.
STATE OF LOUISIANA, PARISH OF
LAFAYETTE.
1e avraslruNT JUDICIAL DISTaICT eCOaT.
at Whereas, Gillaume Montet, of the parish
of Vermillion, has filed in said Court a pc
atition praying to be appointed administrator
on of the succession of Azelie Duhon, deceased
widow of Placide Montet. Any person in
tending to make opposition to said appoint
in ment will file the same in stid court within
ten days from the publication of this notice,
otherwise said appointment will be made.
e Given under my official signature in the A
Ft town yf Lafayette, La., this 6th day of Feb
ruary, A. D. x894.
Ie W. B. BAILEY,
Clerk of Court.
SSERIFF'S SALE. Al
p No. aS.
I, H. G7ILBEAU vs. Louse ED
GAR BREAtUx.
e 7Tth Judicial District Goart-Parish of La
Lafayete, La.
Notice is hereby given that by virtue of
t a writ of fera facas and possession issued
from the 17th Judicial District Court in the
V above entitled and numbered suit and to me
directed, I have seized and taken in my pos
session and will offer for sale at public auc
tion, to the last highest bidder at the for
mer residence of defendant, on
Saturday. March 10, 1894,
between legal sale hours, the following de
scribed property, to-wit:
r Five barrels of corn. Sc!
Ten barrels of sweet potatoes.
One hundred and fifty pounds of cotton
e iu seed.
Two barrels of peas in hulls.
C One corn sheller.
I. A. BROUSSARD, Sheriff.
Lafayette, Feb. 24, 1894. 5-i
SHERIFF'S SALE.
No. 383o.
ALIDA McdMTET VS. CLUAMILE SIsoN.
17th Jadiciml District Court-Parish of La
fayette, La.
Notice is hereby given that by virtue of
a writ of fera fads, issued from the 17th
Judicial District Court in the above enti
tled and numbered suit, and to me directed,
I have seized and will offer for sale at public
auction, to the last and highest bidder at the
principal front door of the court-house at
Lafayette, La., on
Saturday, March 81, 1894,
between the legal sale hours, the following
discribed property to wit: Defendant's
interest in one certain tract of prarrie lands
situated in the parish of Lafayette contain
ing eighty-four acres and being the south-half A.
of the north west quarter of section twenty,
and the south-west quarter of the south-west
quarter of section 17, all in township ten,
south range from East, bounded North by
Desire Montet, South by Drauzin Duhon,
East by Drauzin Duhon, and West by Pierre a
Trahan, to-gether with all the buildings and
Improvements thereon. Also defendant's
interest, in twenty three heads of horned cat
rle; three calves; two horses; three mares;
two colts.
I. A. BROUSSARD, Sheriff.
Lafayette, February 24, 1894.
Final Tableau.
STATE OF LOUISIANA PARISH OF Cyp
LAFAYETTE.
SEVENTEENTHI JUDICIAL DISTRICT COUtT.
SUccEssION NO. 1969.
Whereas W. B. Bailey of the parish of
Lafayette clerk of court and ex-officio Ad
ministrator of the succession of Hervillien
Trahan has filed in said court a Finalaccount MC
and Tableau of said succession with a petition
praying that the same be advertised accord
nag to law and then duly homologated.
And whereas the prayer of said Adminis
trator has been granted by an order of said
court dated February as, a894.
Now therefore notice is hereby given to
all parties interested to file their opposition
and show cause, it any they have in said
court within ten days from the publication
of this notice, why the aforesaid final tableau
should not be homologated.
Given under my official signature in the
town of Lafayette this 21stday of February
A. D. 3894.
W. B. BAILEY, Clerk of Court.
,-34.
Final Tableau.
STATE OF LOUISIANA PARISH OF
LAFAYETTE.
SEVENEENETH JUDICIAL DISTRICT COUIT.
SUCCESSION NO. 9g68.
Whereas WV. B. Bailey of the Parish of
Lafayette clerk of court and ex-officio Ad
ministrator of the succession of C. Nunma
Landry, has filed in said court a Final ac
count and Tableau of said succession with a
petition praying that the same be advertised
according to law and then duly homologated.
And whereas the prayer of said Administra
tor has been granted by an order of said
court dated February slat s894.
Now, therefore notice is hereby given to
all parties interested to file their opposition,
and show cause if any they have, in said
court within ten days from the publication
of this notice, why the aforesaid final tableau Mand
should not be homologated.
Given under my official signature in the
town of Lafayette this asst day of February.
-894 .
W. B. BAILEY. Clerk of Court.
can MANUFACTURING JEWELER
rats
ion *'~ AND WA TCHMA.
med sam in
" Watches, Ofcksi, Jewelery.
ma.
: IwL... E=VVAE
aen SPECTACOLE A BPEOlAL1Y
a -CHARMS, BADGES AND MEDALS MADE TO ORDER. -
ur ENGRAVING NEATLY EXECUTED- -
ed WMail and Epress orders will receive prompt attention.
nt
T M BIOSSAT
V.
- LOCK BOX 137. LAFAYETTE. LA
Columbian Cash Store
MOUTON & SAL.LES.
110 Dozens
LADIES' and MISSES' HOSE
6entl'men's One-half Hose
SAt extraordinary low prices ranging from 5 cents to 70,
cents per pair. Also a complete line of
NOTIONS.
All the balance of our winter stock of woolen *.od.-s
etc., going at cut prices.
SEZD POTATOES
TRAHAN & DOUCET,
Successors to .- E. TRAHAN,
-AND DEALERS IN--
Paints, Varnishes, Window Glass.
FANCY AND TOILET ARTICLES.
School Books and Stationery, Base Ball Goods, Tobacco and CIga"s"
AlelilIer's Perfumes
Prescriptions Compounded Day e, Night
s-t6--93 7s
-- -- - . . . . n "i l . .. .
Miss Louise Revillon
. Solicits a visit to her*T.
M I CL I NRY
PRELOR -
A FULL ASSORTMENT OF FINE GOODS IN THE
LATEST STYLES.
A. J. MOSS. A. EMILE MOUTQfw.
MOSS & MOUTON
SL1U.JBGR 4
At WHOLESALE and RETaIL
OFFICE AND YARD NEAR RAILROAD DEPOT
LAFAYETT-G LOUISIANA.
Cypress and Pine Lumber, Rough and Dressed, Shingles, Debor it,
Blinds, Mouldings, Etc.
Pittsburg Coal, Firewood,
McCormick Harvester, Binders and Mower. Eagle plorws, WBa-.hi
and Riding Cultivators, Lotton and Corn planters, Hay Zak.. nM
Stalk Cutters, Lte.
Wagons, Cisterns.
Mrs. John O. Mouton, :
NEW AND SBASONALB -
MILLINERY GOOD
Hflats, Peathers, Silks, Embroider ies Cta.C
also Ladies' and children's Shoes.
G. LAOES :.:
-DEALER INI
Stoves, Harness, Carri
and WACON,
Mannutaoturer's agent tor Walking and Riding Cultivators, Dine Efar*
tsrow, Stalk Cuttr. Corn aod cont Po lats·, Lt Slkry Lp i i'
Traing Plotri, iasf e s ,Reas las
Coract~af Jefferson and VermaifeSlI