P lis fled suit
SState. for oo,ooo
:y- editor has
ulnarged by the playor with
ihbet
e-sideat Clreveland has nomi
Had on. HTiama R. Lott of Louis
Sas consul at.Managria, Nica
Louinsiana has certainly re
$:seghate if Feneral honors.
E~  iks as if it will take thegrand t
of New Orleans all summer to I
-t.tlough with the work of indict- -
ig the members of the city govern- a
- eat; but it remains to be seen how V
;:5 'iany will be convicted. Ji
t Seriliazed iilk is 'aving the lives C
.'a ~: man) id k -lchildren in New.York
Sthis summaer.- Indeed so great has n
,Ten its success that Nathan-Strauss I
Shas decided to erect a permanent
plant which will be open all the year
round. c
?- 'Vance McClure, a young negro, st
was hung to an inside gallery in the to
: parlsh prison in New Iberia last
Monday by a crowd of citizens. cc
The negro entered a residence in ta
the night and attempted to crimin- ha
ally assault a young lady and ot
threatened her with death if she di- a
. vulged his visit. He got his just pC
deserts. th
The entire newspaper press of the ru
country has condemned in unmis- to
thkable terms the mob law and vio- Pr
lence that accompanied the late iai
strike in the West, and, with very any
- few exceptions, condemned Pullman bel
. with equal force for unreasonable Pm
obstinacy. Now that the strike is ant
over, the action of a federal judge me
in sending Debs and ass- ciates to the
jail on a supplemental charge will ern
appear, to a liberty-loving American rec
publieas unwise, unjust, and as cal- Del
culated to again arouse the fires of TI
hatred between the railroads and
the men.
Sepato.r Gorman speaks contemp- and
tously of the people as "the comune." inan
He is -himself of the commune, and giet
of exceedingly humble parentage. intel
He began life as a page in the ever
- Senate of which he is now a member, o th
bult as he has become the associate toget
and trusted agent of the millionaires inter
of the sugar and coal trusts he des- unscr
pises the common people. It is acing
truly a case of a beggar on horse- has o
back, but in the course of time Mr. fuenm
Gorman will have to answer to *'the that
commune" of Maryland, and there electi
- will be more or less gnashing of electi,
teeth, and he will do the gnashing. thoae
--States. be coh
halanm
According to the politcal.prog- scrupi
nostications telegraphed from Wash- voters
ington last night the Senate will negro
to-dayrresent what it is pleased to thenms,
regard as an atack on its dignity, teress
by replying to the letter of President contro
Cleveland to Chairman Wilson. It Could
matters little what the Senate may amng
say or do, because it has sunk in has bed
public estimation to the level of a nrod
municipal council, and the countryA mea
nbw sneers at its snide dignity. parish.
- The 'ajority of Democrats in the faction
SSenate are good and true men, but the pat
-they are in the power of a corrupt cZe
abIal that has disgraced the body pensib
6f~ which they are members. The bined e
Sesident has denounced the pnrish
reery of tis cabal, and if there The
to i gelasht-between it and the ousas
administration the people will be peopl
,found on the side of the- President. being
-States white I
St. Martinville is indeed very un- ne
r ate with newspaper correspon- neq
ts. In last Tuesday's Times
-crat appeared another "write
-o St. Martinsville with the a
rot sBout the romantic "Petit
...the grave of Evangeline" nately
" .aafnt' oild town with the pro
- manners and customs of the that if
p-e". The last writer, who signs
It -J. M. S.,'" while writing a white.
-.pretty story, would mgke itagain
that the ptople of St. Martin- vicious
.. not progressed- a bit ignoas
StcCentury without any iably th
.himp"ovwng dhiftg the Unite
,c.et is that the peopleof u.
ille are as progressive -I
S to, in the State. SOME
tha-tC hey: are poud
. "eage, proud ,of Times
ji~udo
's j The Wilson :1bll s t -originally
idii passed the Htouse of"representatives
S Was generally admitted by :all-sound
IDemocrats as being 'tqb radical is
some of its provisio and bearing
ipt ud in its main features th iinteeuntents of
gersoll free trade. After. mutual conces
~ids. sions by the grave and reverend I
seigniors, the senate amended the
ed asit Wilson bill almost beyond recogni- 1
100,000 tion, and injected into it-the worst '
or has elements of Mr. Kinleyism. Under |
wr with the reqluirements of the constitution
the bill as amended was returned to c
nomi- the House for concurrence, but the
Louis- House refused to concur and as a f
Nica- logical result a committee of con
sly re- ference was appointed, who have b
oneors. in hand the delicate task of adjust- ]
ing the differences existing between d
grand the senate and the House on the[
mer to Tariff question. At this juncture, a
ndict- Mr. Cleveland, in a clear, vigorous h
overn- and manly letter addresed to Mr. to
n how Wilson, the author of the bill, ob
jects to the measure as not being in gI
lives consonance with the true doctrine t
York of the Democratic party. He does Si
t has not approve that part of the bill
trauss which places a duty on coal and iron d
sanent and which, according to his con- w
year stru ction of theChicago platform, he la
contends, should be put on the free th
list. He observes, however, that th
wegro, sugar is a dutiable article according tit
n the to the principles of the Democratic er
last party. We think the President is fo
izens. correct in the position that he has S
e in taken. In our humble opinion it re
1min- has always been a cardinal principle be
and ot the Democratic party to impose hi
e di- a just and fair duty on sugar for the of
s just purpose of raising revenue to defray fi
the ordinary expenses necessary to w
I the run the government. We are glad co
Lmis- to note the stand taken by the in
vio- President on this subject. Louis- m)
late iana is deeply interested in the tariff of
very and we now have good reasons to tyr
man believe that no bill will be finally the
able passed unless it provides for a just of
e is and reasonable duty on sugar as a the
idge means of raising revenue, to meet th
to the legitimate expenses of the gov- at 1
will ernment, which has always been ry,
can recognized as a principle of the cut
cal- Democratic party. En!
or
s of TIRED OF NEGRO POLI- tees
and TICS. mal
lati;
Past experience with the negro as a voter,
and especially this recent election, demon- not
mp- strates that he is a corruptible and corrupting iz
e., influence in our politics and that instead of r
using his freedom and the opportunities wor
and given him for education to cast his ballot
ge. intelligently and honestly, he has become, if
possihle, more corrupt and corruptible than seea
the ever before. The fact that the negro voters z zLns
er, of this parish equal in number the white Stat
voters, and that they can easily be massed
late together and voted solidly against the best val
ires interests of society, under the influence of victi
money and whiskey, distributed by a few ran
les- unscrupulous white men, is a constant men- mait
is acing danger to the society and the existence a
of law and order in this parish. The time lara
se- has come to do away with the dominating in- ple c
. fluence of the negro vote and to establish the quire
supremacy of the white voters in aH matters; less
the that pertain to the public welfare. We have s n
elections of supreme importance to our parish lan'
and state coming on in the near future; amoi
of elections that will deeply concern our p-r- crat
manent as well as our temporary welfare. cont]
ig. Those elections in this parish will certainly
be controlled by the negro vote, holding the supe;
balance of power and directed by a few un- their
)g_ scrupulous white men, unless determined tian
and concerted action be taken by the white
ih- voters throughout the parish. While the The.
'ill negro vote, as a class, are willing tools, still Al
they could not and would not organize The
to themselves and vate solidly against the in
terests of the white people were it not for the man k
aid and leadership of the few white men who attract
at control them. And these few white leaders other ,
It could accomplish nothing with the negro the Ph
vote here unless there be some division
ay among the white voters. Unfortunately there cealin1
in has been much factional spirit among them guard
and always enough division to make the scene
a negro a controlling factor in our elections. s
SA measure then of supreme importance is to strang
unite and solidify the white people of our breast,
y. parish. To do this, we must put away all stained
e factional spirit and forgetting all past differ- some fi
ences come together in perfect accord. L.et
Lit the patriotic, right-thinking, unselfish white man th
citizens throughout the parish, of all factions, were m
now work together to accomplish this indis- unintell
ly pensible public good, and the effect of com- uard
e bined effort and organization will soon give feuw .
assurance of absolute white supremacy in the few m
Le parish of St Landry. toward
e The above taken from the Opel- shouted
e ousas Clarion shows that the goodshruble
eo lood .trangea
e people of St. Landry are tired of tn
. being ruled by the negroes. The that stal
white people of this parish came to the looked
conclusion, some lime ago, that the "Cosr
nLegro had to take a back seat and run you
the question of white supremacy am here
was permanently settled. There been ma
Smay be a few who would like to see have bes
a return of negro reign, but fortu- these ye
nately for the good of our parish, the boss
their number is too small to accomt- I camhought
l lish anything. We venture to say before ol
that if our neighbors in St. Landtry trodden
succeed in their, present move for The g
white man's rule, they will never grasping
again submit to be governed by youhave
vicious white leaders and the poor,y
ignorant negroes who are envar
iably the victims of their own folly. ws old
Unite gentlemen, and success is and that
bottl~s I)
yours. cured he
Thos. Eg
SOME SUANDAY LEGISLA- suffereda
TJONA. Consump
Times-Democrat. else then
The story embodied in the fol- He isnar
lowing dispatch which appeared ten of which
days ago m" the Chicago Herald . wocerfu
andtas to the authenticity of which i Drag Sto
-c-:~ u"'- - t~
inily ui, i this eounty,i
beang made victim of what appears to be
tatis case of ego persecution, the only
so d bcharge Itmisthnbeing that he performaed
some tvofk on the first day of the week. Mr.
cal ilk Capp was arrested June 7, 1893, and at his
earing trial before the Circuit Court of Weakley
country, June 2', 1893, he was fined $so and
ets of cotat, amounl g in all` o.fr So. His case
onces- was appealed to the Supreme Court of Tenn
essee, which affirmed the judgment of the -
verend lower court, May 24. 1894, at Jackson, fixing
d the the costs at 57 65, making as a grand totr
the sum of Sz1o 45, to be served out at the
Cogni- paltry rate of twenty-five cents a day. This
worst will necessitate the confinement of the prisoner -
nd 442 days, or one year and nearly three
tuton "Mr. .apps has a wife twenty-four years
of age, and four children, the eldest being
ned to only six years old, and one of them sick at
at the the time of its father's imprisonment. His
family is left all alone a quarter of a mile
as a from any house. He is a poor man, and una
con- ble to support his family during his confine
ment, He does not deny working on Sunday, T
have but did so because he had rested the day
idjust- before, according to the Bible; because he
recognized his God-given right to labor six
tween days in the week, beginning on the first, as
Sthe did his Creator; and because, in acceding to F,
the demands of the State to rest on Sunday,
cture, he would be denying the Lord. Hence T,
orous he refused to pay the fine and costs, F
regarding them unjust, since the State is at
Mr. tempting to enforce upon him a dogma of Fi
ob- religion, with which it can of right have
nothing whatever to do. Therefore, he has
'ng in gone to jail, though a physician stated that
ctine he could never live in that unhealthy place
the time required by the enormity of the
does Siate's assessment."
bill One would imagine to read this
1 iron distressing narrative that Tennessee
con- was in New England, and that the
n, he laws regulating the observance of TI
free the "day of rest" in Tennessee were
that the mediaeval blue laws of Connec
rding ticut. If a farmer, who is a Sev
ratic enth Day Adventist, and who per
at is forms his religious duties on the
has seventh day of the week, making
Saturday, not Sunday, his day of
n it rest-if such a citizen as this is to
ciple be fined and imprisoned for cutting fre
pose his hay or wheat, without a shadow
rthe of offense to his neighbors, on the
fra first day of the week, it is very
plain that the religious freedom of
y to which we are wont to boast with a
glad considerable degree of effusiveness
the in this country is very much of a
uis- myth. It is not religious freedom
tariff at all; it is the freedom or license
of a majority of the population to
to tyrannize over a minority ,because T
tally the religious views and practices
just of the minority do not conform to
sa the religious views and practices of
the majority.
And this is religious persecution,
aov- at the end of the nineteenth centu
een ry, as surely as ever religious perse
che cution was practiced either in New
England at the end of the eighteenth,
or in Spain at the end of the fif
L teenth, century. Tennessee should
make haste to change its laws regu
ter lating the "day of rest;" they are
nn not in keeping either with the civi
ting lized conditions of this part of the
Iof world or of this sdvanced age in the
its world's history.
, if Meantime, the imprisoned Tennes
han seean's fine should be raised by citi
ters I zsns of Tennessee and of Southern
hite States who disapprove this mediae
i st val persecution of which he is the
of victim, with a view of liberating the Ti
few man and enabling him to provide for
en- maintenance of his family. A dol
n" lar apiece from. I zo charitable peo
in- ple would be all that would be re
hel quired to effect this object: and un
;rs; less we mistake greatly, there are TI
h many times that number of people Dal
re; among readers of The Times-Demo- nune
r- crat alone who would be glad to Wet
re contribute a dollar each from their
he superfluous coin merely to mark
i1- their disapproval of such unchris
ed tian tyranny.
ite nC
he The Henpecked Husband's Revolt 4.
ill After Ten Year's Servitude. Lo
Z The strange sight of a respectably dressed
he man kneeling at the base of Lincoln's statue
ho attracted the attention of a park guard the
s other evening at the foot of Lemon Hill, says
Sthe Philadelphia Inquirer. Stealthily con
re cealing himself behind some shrubbery, the
m guard waited for the outcome of the strange
e scene being enacted before him. The
o stranger's hands were folded across his
r breast, and the electric light revealed a tear
I stained face, upturned as if pleading for or
r some favor from the bronze form of the great
man that towered above him. His words 8 To
were muttered in a meek voice, and were
- unintelligible to the years of the astonished
guard. After remaining on his knees for a
few moments the man arose and started
toward the boathouses. "Hold on there,"
shouted the guard, as he rushed out of the T
shrubbery and grabbed thu meek looking yd
stranger.
"iHave you been putting dynamite under
that statue ?" The man said nothing, but
looked crest-fallen and annoyed.
"Come, now, tell me your business or I'll
run you over to the Sedgely guardhouse." M I
"Wait a minute and I will tell you why I WI
am here," said the prisoner slowly. "I have men
been marriedl just ten years to-night, and I
have been nothing bIut a henpecked slave all
these years. I have resolved to night to be ', .
the boss of the ranch in the future, and I
thought perhaps it might help my courage if R
I came up here and registered my vows Tbei
before old Abe, the emancipator of the down- I
trodden and oppressed."
The guard saw the point and, warmiy
grasping the stranger's hand, said: "I know
something about trouble of that kind and
you have my sympathy."
Two Lives Saved.
Mrs. Phoebe Thomas, of Junction City, Ill
was told by her doctors she had Consumption
and that there was no hope for her, but two
bottls D)r. King's New D)iscovery completely
cured her and she says it saved her life. Mr.
Thos. Eggers, 139 Florida St. San Francisco,
suffered from a dreadful colki. approaching i
Caonsumption, tried without result everything :!
else then lbought one Ibottle of Dr. King'si
.ew  liscovery and in two weeks-was cared. I t
He is naturally thankful; It is sach resulIts,
of which ths~e are samples, that prove the I
womnerful ef5ic'ad of this medicine in Coughs
oand Crlds. Fre triat nlboti~tes at Win. Clegg's inT
Drug Store. Rea rishe joe. and *.,oo. 2
oe of the current fiscal year from Tuly i 94
k. Mr. to July 1 1895.
Id at his PESOP O~PICERS
akleySheri's salary.........$ 3o 00
$ an Court house keeper
His case and constable .......... aoo on
See if Tenn- 'ri ."........ ` o. 0o.
Members of Police
ad total iJurors per dieum.. 500 00
t at the Dist. Attorney's fees
ta This and expenses ......... 500
Tis Coroner's salary....... 350 00
pithe sscr or ................... 700 00
er years and Constables..... oo1200 00
Sbeing Total fees of oicers $ 6oo oo
t. Hisck at BRIDGES AND ROADS
it. His Road overseers....... $ 960 o0 I
a mile Bride keepers........ 0155 o
confine- Road and bridges.. 4385 00
Sunday, Total bridges and
he day Roads ....... • 5ooo 0
bor SI CRIMAL EXPENSES f
first, Jurors and witnesses
Sas before District Court $ 3500 a
ind to Feeding prisoners........ 5o00o 00
Hence Total criminal fund 50o 00 c
]cots, For the support of the
common 'schools...... 3500 00
m For contingent expenses 3400 00
he has
d that Respectrully submited,
O. C. MOUTON.
R. C. GREIG.
I this C. C. BROWN.
lessee IMPROVE YOUR STOCK
t the . AT STUD.
ae of The Thoroughbred Holstein Bull,
ewere COL. BRECKENRIDGE.
nFee, $4.00
Sev
per- Pure Bred Jersey Bull,
Sthe BEECHER.
aking Fee, $2.5o.
y of
is to When zo cows are sent one taken
Itting free. F. F. MYLES, -
7dow 7a83m near Lafayette. U
I the
m ofThe NewCOrleans A
ith a
of a w
PICAYUNME.
1 to WE
ase The Leading Newspaper
t te of the South.
` of ALWAYS RELIABLE 1
n ALWAYS GIVlE THl E LATEST NEWS.
rse- Cg
STHE DAILY PICAYUE
f- Is a real newspaper. No expense
uld Ia spared in producing it. Its
telegraph service is unsurpassed.
Its news gatherers cover all places
are of Interest. Its mechanical appli
lVr- ances are modern and the best.
the Its staff of talented writers and
the artiets is complete.
it- THE SUNDAY PICAYUNE w
ern Is a household treasure of news,
information and literature, iliums N
the trated and tasefully presented. of tl
the the1
THE WEEKLY PICAYUNE
for estin
ol- Is peerless as a country, family acco]
o- newspaper and literary Journal, pOsec
e- nd no home an the South should said
r- be without it. ahter
tre TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION:
ale Daily and Sunday - - $sz.oo a year.
to- Sunday - - - - - sa.oo a year.
to Weekl - - - - - .00oo a year.
sir NICHOLSON & CO., T
rk Proprietors, L
Hs- CIE
lit No RSE S I CHAO TAI/. DIlel.
Idle, Work and asins..
Low PRICES J Horses. A n GeoWeekly.
ed Wrleuaend iro 1w01 se sa, ples :
e BEAUTIUL A MARBLE MT
he AND .LASTINO AS TIME.
,, rHi BEST AND OHEAP
IEIT TrOMBSTONE MAN
n- UFAOTUR.D.
r. Hght . rdy th 11 In.r those -
o I. " 15 in. 12.00 For
-5 in D esia. 1T In lo.o h
or Deatsns, fmblems and Epltap Irn F tel
at W. T. OAT & CO.. .
55 "O@NIUPITOUm..a S.. NEW ORLEA&N. A.
d GZAR OF RLL SALVES.
Cures All ruptlmn or the Sin.
Twenty ivoe Coes.
d Wor Sale by all ruhsasts.
•e he MoeonaJ Ahutomatio
a Zydratulio Puuu Regulato '
'or 3ugar Mills
t Nas been Is smeoeemal operation for S
years and is hibghly endorsel by the
My Patent Has Not Expired and
i I Will Proseoute All Infringe
a ments. For particulars address,
JOHN 8. MoDONALD,
78 Oustomhouse St.
P.O. Box 1219. Now Orleans, La.
RUSSIAN LINIMENT
a skrk. SgWoltt lmb. maoe. d
35eao. Per Male by al strgagn-
.or vEAt
bnren~g~me t~i~icrnzh
i ~ ·Eo*4~~(~·i-i~,i~.a oa- Sold~i~
e to Good seruoice. Prompt Returns.
--l-Rice Mill,
l EW YORK.
The undersigned call the atten
tion of planters and factors to the
above mill which is among the
so largest in the United States. It is
equipped with the latest and best
machinery for the milling of Rice, 1
Soo and secures out-turns equalled by 8
few and excelled by none.
Consignments and correspon
io oo dence solicited.
poo DAN TALMAGE'S SONS.
o0oo 115 WALL STREET, NEW YORK.
0o 00
And other speelatn feor
Ocentlement rease Soya
sad afses aee tae
ull, Best in the World.
Bee deoripive asvertsoe.
teat which appearsa tan
Tas ao SeastUtate.
insist on hawing W. L.
DOUGLAS' SHOSS,
with naanme and Pes
stamped on bottom. sold b,
ken -Leo Doucet.
tte. EVERYRODY
O AO INDUSTRY aso
WHY DON'T YOU BUY
Sara and learn bot. ePll..es Ye will A
and it oneof the siest of arts to mnasteler amn
we will take as much pleasure in teaching ye
HOW TO USE
.n.to Wateh Camera, asa $o outfit, free of
If you canno t up a Dark Room of your own T
we will doour developing and printing
od prices Give as a trial.
Photograpaher suppllea ofEvery Si
Deoripton ao lraywy Sn atook. Girl
CON. OSNAL amN A
maw esmaame sa.
If
Come and see to W
Mouton Bros.
DBALeIRS IN
GENERAL L
Merchandise WE
Lowest prices consistent
with quality of qoods.
Gc
Notice. 1878.
Notice is hereby gi -en to the Tax ,payers All N
of the Parish of Lafayette, that the listing of
the property for the assessment of taxes for
the year 1894 has been completed and the .a
estimate valuation thereof is therein made
according to law and the said list will he ex
posed- in my office in the Court House of
said Parish for inspection and correction for
a term :f twenty days to begin on Tuesday,
the 12th of June, 1894. Ha
N. REAUX, State Tax Assessor:
J. Lechleiter
THE CRIPPLED SOLDIER,
CIGAR MANUFACTURER, a
JENNINGS, LA.
Good Cigars for $18 per Thousand. Samn
ples: So for Sr.
MT. CARMEL CONVENT,
.'LAFAYETTE, LA.
The system of Education includes the
French and English languages, Music and
all kinds of needle-work. Every attention
will be given to the health and comforto f
those placed under the care of the Sisters.
For terms apply to the Superior. -24
I
Sold by TRAAI d K5t7E# Lafaytte LES y, ý..V .
/ý - S e# a '
ý",} ýýf' ...i5ý :,s. _'r afyta' . F' r'f ' - 't ru..si ý" Bi,., "1ý iýz ..ýý 7"w .... ...;-. }ýuSitn
#waY room
Has just bought, for cash, at low prices, an immense stock of
DRY GOODs, LOTHING,
BOOTS, SHOES AND te
is " HARDWARE, PURNITIJRE,
T TINWARE, GROCKERY, :IE.,
,To which he invites the attention
of intending buyers, promising to
y give as cheap, if not cheaper
prices, . than found elsewhere
FELIX DEMANADE,
The Up to Date Merchant
SELLS CHEAP`.
6roceries
Liquors
Crockery
Willoware
-o
and a
Fancy
goods
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LOUISIANA
Acadia College.
First-Class Throughout.
Trained Teachers, Pallatial Buildings.
Healthful Location.
Special Advantages to French Boys and
Girls in Learning English.
Homelike Boarding Department.
Cheap as the Cheapest; Good as the Best.
Open to Girls and Boys alike.
If you are going off to School, Don't fail
to Write, or visit, first of all,
J. T. BARRETT, President.
6-30 4m Crowley, Louisiana.
Cheap Store
LOUIS NOLLIVE,
Watchmaker, Jcwclcr,
AND OPTICIAN.
Gold Medal awarded at Exnosition o
1878. Repairing of fine watches a specialty
All work cheap and guaranteed.
Lafayette, La.
.AO O¢posite Aotoszon & d S/,.er' Store.
FASHION'S FANCY
Has been fully considered in making our purchases for this
Spring and Summer.
Ladies and Gentlemen, Boys and Girls
Have had their Wants and Wishes considered and can be
better supplied here than elsewhere.
Our Dry Goods, Clothing, Shoes and Hats
Novelties and Gent's Furnishings
' ARETONE FEAST OF BARGAINS
We are the People's Store.
L. LEVY & SON.
H. P. FOURNET,
AGENT OF
W. A: Vandercook,
1VIIOLESALE: DEALEI IN
Choice Wines and Brandies
Los Angelos, San Francisco and
Arizona.
OFFICE and DEPIOT.
ST. MARNII.E : : : : . LA.
FARM FORI SALE.
A desiral,le place near P IIn ook on Ver
million Imayo~ ab itt a mile aonl a half froln
the town iof I.,favette. Suitablle for a truck
farm. I )wellin hlouse atli large nunhier of
fruit trees. \inl s~ ll chealp. Appllly to
1. 11. Knight, New Iberia. 6-23-&in.
MIRS. H. L. MONNIER
Dressmaker
I)esires to ilforni her friends and the gen
eral public, that the is prepare.l to take in
sewing, and solicits the makinga fine dresses.
I -2--4m.