.....E LAAYETTE GAZETTE.
g..; ..,:-- LAFAYETTE LA., SATURDAY, JANUARY 20, 1894. NME 6
,.  . m | m m | u u n -u iu • • u ml nn u u iuu uu:• nuuni n unm u mm '• nn | u n• u ulun m u mn n• • imiu u ammn nniu u
..,yE FAR AWAY.
! ~4d' _ vIion washes with tears,
Sud p with smiles
- s-far away io years
S- tbh.t,O mble littlt e spotu
.- +.'.+ itgj abty fadeth not
ims-  aieannot now be sees.
'l "  voneas as before;
Zo'aotnd rwindows fresh and clean
Aamoither at the door.
-.-r ,*-tcheery, merry laugh
.Of tra hearts fresh and gay
'.t ibttw-ownr heart's Dhonograpb
.| Te-  tge far away.f D
I cannot go to look upon
-, aiicOe as it zny be:
B·- f-t e loving ones are gone
- -.Aaa5me are dead to me;
Se bI rlcanly sit and view
oi memory's ray,
Tom so fair, to me so true
The cottage far away.
--- P. Batohinson, in Chicago Recora.
SIR WILLIAM'S CLEW.
O w He Recovered His eStolen
Property by the Aid of a Dog.
The 95th of March, 182-, was
marked by a thaw succeeding a severe
_dost of three weeks' duration. At
ourt. a mansion situated St
or so from London, on the
west .a great inconvenience and
some damage had been caused by the
bursting of a water-pipe during the
d. In especial, one room was ren
d~*dso d-.nmp that its usual occupant,
"~  er"-Lady Brown-Salter's lady's
m --wiwas compelled to change her
ehpin4pg pite. Instead of sharing one
"of the biodsemaid's beds she chose, with
-her ladyship's permission, to make up
.abed for herself in the small room, or
-i.kre cupboard, situated at the end of
.-b orrrldor which runs through the
w'hti breadth of Lenham court on the
frst story. It was a room used to
store' ruaks and boxes in, and Spencer
, taced some of these as a foundation
for her couch. Many of these trunks
S-Ed made the voyage to India and
41ck, for CoL Sir WVilliam Brown-Sal
tiRhd distinguished himself not a lit
t#-in John Company's service. There
had been much extra work for all the
servants at Lenham court that day, and
it was late before Spencer retired to
her cupboard.
On getting into her bed she found
her novel couch by no means so com
fortable as it looked. It had to be re
arranged, but on extinguishing her
candle a second time she found herself
as far from sleep as ever. While she
twisted and turned she heard the stable
clock strike two, and immediately aft
crward she bee-sme conscious of a sub
dued sound outside her door. Remem
bering the jokes at her expense at the
supper table about the size of her bed
chamber, it occurred to Spencer that
her follow servants might be going to
play her a trick or indulge in some
practical joke. So she slid from her
uneasy couch, and removing the key
from the lock-she had locked herself
in on coming to bed-she applied her
eye to the keyhole. The door, as we
have said, fa'_ed directly the whole
length of the corridor; about two yards
from her stood a man, but not one of
her fellow servants; he held a lighted
candle in one hand, shading it with the
other so as to cast the light now here,
now there. IHis face was concealed by
a mask of black crape and he was list
ening intently. A breathless minute
or two passed, and, as if by magic,
there were two or three other men in
the corridor, all masked in crape, be
hind which their eyes shone in the can
dle gleams. They went and came and
consulted, noiseless as so many spec
ters.- In-and out of the rooms, locking
doors behind them, now ascending to
the third story, now descending to the
basement; now the one holding and
shadowing the candle was left alone
again.
Spencer drew back from the keyhole
a moment, trying to think if there was
anything she could do. Sir WVilliam's
room gave on to the corridor; he must
be murdered, thought poor Spencer, or
surely she would have heard some
sound, for he often sat late reading and
it was round his door that the thieves
were clustered, lie was a passionate
man and powerful, beloved by his
servants for his bounty, though feared
on account of his temper. Surely he
would have made a fight for it, if he
had not been taken at some cruel dis
advantage. What could she do? The
alarm bell, even if she could muster
courage to try and get to it, was quite
at the other end of the house. Apply
ing her eye once more to the keyhole,
she was terrified to find not only dark
ness, but in the darkness some one
bireathing close to the door. Then the
handle softly brushed her cheek as it
was turned, and lock and hinges were
strained by the silent pressure brought
to bear upon them to such a degree
that instinctively she drew back, ex
pcting the door to be forced in upon
her. The door creaked as the pressure
relaxed, and just then the stable clock
struck threes.
As the minutes passed and silence
waie unbroken, Spencer gathered cour
age to look from herspying place. The
watchman stood alone, candle in hand.
.in his former place. She became stiff
and cold at her post; nothing moved
that she could see or healr, except that
the mgn trimmed his candle now and
then with his fingers and turned his
head watchfully from side to aide, his
eyes gleaming behind his mask and
neeming now and again to fix them
Sbelves on her lurking place. At a low
whistle from the basement he and his
light vanished together. Taking the
precaution to stop up the keyhole,
Spencer struck steel and flint till she
obtained a light, then huddled on a few
ctotlete, inserted the key, turned it,
s tood one minute outside in silence and
darkness, then snatching up her candle
made a rush for the only open door in
the corridor-it was her master's.
Bouniictlnd and foot to i chair and
"sgged was SW William. The room
was ia the wildest confusion-boxes,
cakets, chests nll turned upside.down,
and Iheir dontents seattered indiscrim- 1
Inaes~l on the-floor. ier ladyship was I
,+In hod,bound and gaggred, too With
. i.fltJeI Spcn,er act to work to
IC.' *-_T· -
free her masten No sooner was this
accomplished than speechless and foam
Ing at the mouth Sir William staggered
out of the room and, to her dismay, she
heard him descend the stairs. Having
released her mistress the lady's maid
next hurried to the rooms of her fel
low servants, on all of whom the keys
had been turned, after they had been
threatened with instant death if they
uttered a sound. They were soon re
leased and the men servants descended
in a body to the ground floor in search
of their master. Here everything was
in disorder. On the dining-room table
were the remains oL the thieves' sup
per, but Sir William, as well as the
depredators, haoilvanished. The groom
returned from the stables with the
news that his master's favorite hunter
was missing. There was no doubt now
that he had gone single-handed in pur
suit of the thieves-as was indeed the
case.
Concluding that they were from Lon
don and were returning thither, Sir
William had saddled his hunter and
had started without an instant's de
lay, save to arm himself with a couple
of pistols from the stand of arms in the
hall When he reached the head of the
avenue, three-quarters of a mile from
the house, he dismounted to open the
heavy gates. Then he perceived in the
dawning light of the chill March morn
ing a strange dog sitting shivering in
side the gates, unable either to sur
mount or pass under them. He con
cluded at once that the cur belonged to
his late visitors, and that, having staid
behind, either for his supper or in
search of game. his retreat had been
cat off by the closing of the gates. He
resolved to follow the clew thus given
him, and was confirmed in his resolu
tion when, the gates being opened,
the animal scoured away with his nose
to the ground in the direction of Lon
don. Away went the dog, and away
galloped Sir William, keeping an eye
upon him always. It was broad day
light when the three reached the out
skirts of London, and Sir William was
hailed by a voice he knew well. It was
that of the major of his late regiment.
"'Hullo, colonel, where are you off
to so early?" Maj. Higgins was on his
way home after a night's play at
IBrooks'.
"Turn your horse's head and I'll tell
you," returned Sir William through his
set teeth. The idea of communicating
his losses and the indignity he, an old
soldier, had suffered sufficed to make
the blood, which his swift ride had
kept at fever heat, boil again.
Maj. Higgins did as desired, and,
putting his horse to the gallop, received
in as few words as possible the news of
the night's occurrence at Lenhain
court as he and his old colonel made
their way side by side through Oxford
street and the Strand, never once los
ing sight of the mongrel that was, he
fancied to be, the clew to the recovery
of his property. Dodging and winding
his way through market carts and
hackney coaches the dog, never once
relaxing his speed, diverged into by-"
streets and lanes uptil he disappeared
up a court in Leather lane.
Dismounting and giving their horses
in charge to a lad, and having im
pressed a watchman into their service.
they advanced up the court in single
file. Sir William led the way, a cocked
pistol in either hand; Maj. Higgins,
who came next, was unarmed; the
watchman brought up the rear in a
leisurely way that showed him by no
means thirsting for the fray. Door
why after doorway was examined, but
the cur seemed literally to have van
ished. In an angle of the cul-de-sac
into which they had entered Sir WVil
liam at last discovered an outside
wooden staircase. Despite the remon
-strances of his companions, he per
siated in creeping cautiously up the
crazy stairs. There, curled up at a
door, and apparently fast asleep, lay
the clew who had so faithfully but un- 1
consciously guided him to his master's a
lair.
A summons to open the door met
with no response. Sir William, to
whom anger and excitement gave ad
ditional energy, put his knee to the
door, bidding Maj. Higgins "duck" as
he did so. The door yielded with a
crash; a shot passed over the lowered
heads of the two officers and took ,
effect in the cocked hat of the watch
man. A short scuffle, and the thieves
saved their lives by surrendering at
discretion to Sir William's pistol. On a
table in their midst was spread out the
whole of their "swag;" not an article I
was missing. A presentation sword of 1
Sir \Villiam's, the hilt of which was
thickly crusted with gems, was the,
only part of the booty that had met
with ill usage; but every diamond,
ruby or emerald that had been knocked
from its socket still lay on the worm
eaten table, and was, before many
days were past, restored to its accus- I
tomed bed. A lew bruises and dents
in the metal work of the hilt remained t
and these Sir William would showt
with great glee in after days. telling
how the good sword was lost and won, c
while as to the dents and notches on
the blade, gained in a more legi timate
warfare, the good colonel et uld scarce
ly ever be got to speak a word.--Cham
bers' Journal, a
A atstle lmitatleon.
A countryman who had loitered into c
an Episcopal church one Sunday morn
ing was surprised to observe that many 1
of the worshipers, after seating them- a
selves, bowed their heads for a few mo
ments against the back of the pew in I
front of them.·
"I never see that done before," he 1
explained, "but I wa'n't goin' ter be d
out of the fashion, so I jest ducked 11
mine down too" "
'You mean that you indulged in si- d
lent prayer," suggested a listener. a
"WVell. skursely," was the reply. "I
counted ten."-Judge.
Jast for Luck.
"I tell you what,"said Mr. WVatts, c
"I saw a remarkable exhibition of ani- .
mal intelligence to-day!" o
"'Vhat was that?" said Mr. Potts.
"'Why, a bridal party started from a
the house across the street from where I
I live, nnd one of the horses threw a Y
shoe. Now what do you think of that?".
-Indiannolia Journal i
DIDN'T SELL THE COON.
Who rat 4Oatleman Was a Trlse 'Too ke
acting.
A man who had a full-grown coon is
a box was showing the animal oil
the other day on Gratiot avenue. life
object was to make a sale; but it was a
long time before anybody became par
ticularly interested. Then a fat and
jolly-looking man camne to a halt, in
spected the coon for a minute and in.
quired:
"My friendt, who vhas dot?"'
"That is a coon, sir," replied the
owner. "I ketched him on mcy own
farm, out here about 'leven miles."
"Do you like to sell her?"
"T1hat's what I brought him in for.
That coon is well worth $10 of any
man's money, but as times are hard
and I want cash, I'll take $5. He's a
big bargain at that price."
"Vhas he good for somet'ings?"
"Was he? Well, I should say he was!
In the first place coons are mighty
skeerce around here, and, in the sec
end, he's a trick coon. I've spent more
than six months learning him tricks."
"Vhell, I guess I take him," said the
fat man, as he felt in his pocket. "I
believe I like to buy some-trick coons."
"Where will you have him deliv
ered?"
"Shust wait a rminnte. I like to know
about dose tricks. Does dot coon vhalk
on some tight rope?"
"Tight rope? I have never tried him,
but I think, he could. A coon, you
know, is as intelligent as a dog."
"Yes. I know dot. Does he say to
you: 'Ah, dere!' and 'Vhere you got dot
hat?' "
'No, of course not. Coons can't
talk."
"'Does he hang by his tail, like some
amonkeys in der woods?"
"lie could, I suppose. 1'11 guarantee
him to furnish you more amusement
than any ten monkeys."
"Dot's fine. I vhas a great hand to
be amused. If I haf nme some coon to
amuse me I sit oop nights and laugh.
Can dot coon sing me funny songs?"
"Sing! Vlto ever heard of a coon
singing?"
"Vhell, I doan' see vhy. If he could
sing to me it makes me feel better.
Doan' he call out to some peoples like
a parrot und say he vhants a cracker?"
".My dear sir," said the coon man,
"you evidently expect too much of a
coon. A coon is not a bird. If you get
him for five dollars you are making the
biggest bargain of your life. Next
spring, when the money market is
easier, I'll be glad to give you ten dol
lars to get him back."
"Yeti. dot's so. I belief she vahs a
big bargain. I vhas trying to buy a
coon for more ash twenty years. How
vhas dis coon about burglars?"
"'How do you mean?'"
"Why, if some burglars got in keay
house. vhat does he do mit 'em?"
"Do! lie won't do anything. What
can you expect him to do?"
"Doan' lie bark and scare 'em away?
Doan' he go r-r-r-r-r-r-r like some burg
lar alarm?"
"No! Look here, man. You seem to
have some queer ideas about coons. As
1 told-"
"All right-all right-I doan' took
him! I doan' gif you even one dollar
for him! If he doan' keep burglars
away how vhas he any good to me?
Hlow :-has he any trick coon? No. sir,
I doan' buy him for ten cents, und I
like to see you go toshail for a shwind
ier!"-Detroit Free I'resc.
THE WAY TO SHINE.
Rules for Becoming a Irilliant Conve-
Aationallst.
In these advanced and intellectual
days every young woman aspires to be
the leader of a solon and the diner-out
most sought by hostesses because of
her brilliancy, but very few have the
wisdom to know just how to attain this
desirable position in society. A note
book, a retentive memory and anordin
ary command of the English language
are the necessities.
Into the note-book should go those
goqd stories, those admirable bits of
repartee which are floating about. An
ecdotes about persons who are of pass
ing interest should also be jotted down.
T'hen on the afternoon of the day when
she wishes to dazzle, the young woman
will simply have to cast her eye over
the pages of her nmemorandumn and she
is equipped for conquest.
It is even advisable for the would-be
conversationalist to go to those older
and more brilliant than herself, and
humbly ask to be "coached." It would
be a mark of flattering regard for
which the coacher ought to be willing
to pay in choice jokes and rare stories,
always provided that he or she did not
need the entire stock on hand for the
same dinner. There need be no deceit
about using such stories. The woman
who says; "Oh, by the way! Have you
heard Ir. .Jones's last?" will have sat
istfled every claim of honesty, and at
the same time will have contributed to
the success of the party. And if one is
willing to study colors and styles for
one's dinner gown, why not stories for
one's table talk?--N. Y. World.
Dangerous to Be at Large.
"\Vhy are they hanging this man?"'
asked the new arrival.
"Fer shootin' a feller in thie laig," ex
plained Alkali Ike, who was master of
ceremonies.
"Good gracious: Vould you take the
life of a fellow-creature for so small a
matter as that?"
"You Let we would. You see, he
missed the feller he was shootin' at and
lit the innercent man in the laig. A fel
ler that can't handle a gun 'thout en
dangerin' the lives of everybody who
happens to be on the street is too dan
gerous to have around, besides bein' a
disgrace to the community."-Indian
apolis Journal.
He Wasn't In It.
Rare rumor is at times made mani
fest in the police courts of the city and
country. Quite recently an Irishman in
Jersey City was under examination up
on a charge of assault and battery.
1Vien asked if he had anything to
say in his defense, Patrick. with all the
seriousness in the worldl, said: "WVell,
your honor, I saw but little of the
fight, as I was underneath most of the
time."--N. Y. UHerald.
I NIGHT IN A OARAVANSARY.
The Ezperience of a Eeropean Guest In as
Asiate Khan.
T We enter Baibourt in a whirlwind ol
yellow dust. A steep and tawny ridgi
of rock rises above it, bearing like a
crest the irregular broken walls and
flanking towers of an ancient citadel
presumably of Byzantine origin. Fol.
lowing in the wake of the Persian
arabas, we reach the lofty entrance of
a great caravansary. The carts are
driven under the arch in a dark and
foul-smelling stable. A steep and nar
row stairway takes us to an upper
guest-room of the khan. Here we find
high clay platforms on three sides, di.
vided by low railings into sleeping
compartments, carpeted with stran
matting, suggestively dingy, a cla3
fireplace occupies one end, but
our cooking is done outside it
the passage. half-way down the
dark and unswept stairs a door
opens into the common guest-room and
cafe combined. Our fellow-travelers
have grouped themselves picturesque.
ly on the wide platforms. The drivers
and muleteers are mending their multi.
colored rags, and the great brass samo
vars are steaming over the fire-places
The picture has the rich and bitu
r urinous tone of a Teniers, but the high
peaked fur caps are more suggestive of
Russia or Siberia than Holland. I wal
not preposhessed by our quarters fom
the night at the khan, and ordered my
sleeping-tent to be hung up on the
trembling wooden balcony which jut,
ted over the stable-door. Half the
town assembled in the street below to
look up at my preparations for retire.
meat. My 'camp-bed was first taken
inside and unfolded, and as the candle
ucithin made a huge transparency o1
the tent, the elaborate gymnastics
shadowed upon the walls must have
been vastly entertaining. judging from
tile deep murmurs and grunts of satis
faction. The night was far from peace
ful, however. The noise and uproar of
tile bazar continued till a late hour.
Two fleas had found an entrance some
where, and Keating's powder had ne
terrors.for them. The effluvium of the
stable below rose through the cracks
in the floor: an injured puppy lamented
plaintively all through the night: and
there were catcalls, and occasionally
the ear-piercing howls of a pack of
street-dogs hunting down an intruder
to tile death. Rising above all,
the long-drawn groans and shrill
shrieks of distant ox-carts. lWhen my
candle was extinguished I could see
that my neighbor, a shopkeeper oppo
site, was also a. sufferer from insomnia;
he had lit his lamp, and crooned to
himself with the wailing cadences of
his race. When the morning light ap
peared we felt that many more such
nights would be sorely trying, and we
inwardly resolved to keep to the tent
and the open country in future, come
what might.-Edwin Lord Weeks, in
Harper's Magazine.
IT WORKED BOTH WAYS.
He Demanded Instant Reparation and
Got It With a Vencea nee.
A very absent-minded member of the
French institute was reading the news
paper in the Casino at Dieppe the oth
er day. Ile was absorbed by his read
ing, and with his left hand he uncon
sciously pushed the files of newspapers
on the table. Each moment lihe sent
them further from him. lieyondl the
papers was an inkstand, which at last
the moving papers pushed over the side
of the table. It fell on the trousers of
a. Paris banker, who was furious at the
accident.
The absent-minded man offered his
best excuses without appeasing the
banker's wrath, who shricked that his
new trousers were ruined.
"But. sir, I will cheerfully pay for
them. lie good enough to give me your
card and I will send the money to your
hotel."
"To my hotel, sir. I don't know you.
I must instantly have the thirty francs
these trousers cost."
The member of the institute drew
forth the thirty francs and handec
them to the banker. Then he said:
"'Now that you have been paid I hopc
you hIave too much of the delicacy of a
gentleman to remain in my trousers.
You know they are mine. anti I insist
upon their immediate delivery to me.
You have no confidence in me; I lhave
none in you. 1My trousers?'"
In vain tile banker protested against
such haste. Thie crowd that had gath
ered about the disputants sa-id the memn
ber of the institute was right, and the
banker, after sending for another pair
of nether garr nnts. surrendeered the
ink-stained ones, mid the laughter of
the. bystanders.
A QUEER PARASITE.
It Attacks Only the Eye of Africans Whe
Iiive on the West Coast.
The natives of thile west coast of
Africa are subject to tihe attacks of
one of thie most remarkable parasites
known to the scientific investigator
a colorless, thlreadlike wor-m about two
inchies in length, whlich affects only the
eyeball and tile surrounding parts.
There have been at least two of these'
queer creatures extracted from tlhe
eyes of suffering lllhumanity by Amer
ican physicians-the worm in each ease
having been implanted while the suf
ferer was a visitor to or a resident of
the "Gold Coast." Thile creature
usually affects the eyeball itself,
literally swimming about under
the thin membrane of the iris,
but never affecting the vitr-ous,
aqeous or c-rystalline humors. The
case which furnishes a basis for this
note was treated by Dr. F. J. Young
of Bridgeport, Conn., the worm being
removed from the top or outer skin of
the upper lid. The patient in this case
was a lady who had been a missionary
to Africa. She had had one removed
from the other eye while on her way
home by the noted Dr. Hagler of
Switzerland. She told Dr. Young that
the natives of the mvest coast were
solely pestered by the parasites, but
that they seldom attempted to re
move them, probably on account of the
danger incurred in submitting to an
operation by a native surgeon. who
uses nothing but a crooked thorn in
dislodging the intruder.-St. Louis Re
publia
ON CRUSOE'S ISLAND.
Juan Fernande, Off the Coast of Chill, Is
Now Inhabited.
It is not generally known that Juan
Fernandez-the island on which Alex
ander Selkirk, the Robinson Crusoe of
romance, lived for so many years-is
at the present time inhabited. Two
valleys, winding down from different
directions, join a short distance back
from the shore, and here now stands a
little village of small huts scattered
round a long, low. one-storied build
ing, with a veranda running its whole
length. In this (house lives the man
who rents the island from the Chilian
government, and the village is made
up of a few German and Chilian fami
lies.
The tiny town is called San Juan
Bautista, and the crater-like arm of
the sea on which it is situated, and
w where Alexander Selkirk first landed,
a is now called Cunberland- bay. The
island is rented for about two hundred
pounds a year. The rent is paid partly
in dried fish. Catching and drying the
many varieties of fish, and raising cat
tle and vegetables. wholly occupy the
contented settlers, and much of their
little income is obtained from the cat
tie and vegetables sold to passing ves
!sels. The cattle need no care, and the
Svegetables almost grow wild. Turnips
u and radtihes. first sown here by Sel
kirk himself, now grow rank and wild
in the valleys like weeds. There is
also a race of wild dogs, which com
pletely overrun the island, depending
for their existence mainly upon seals.
They are the descendants of a breed of
dogs left by the Spaniards.
At the back of the little town, in the
first high cliff. is a row of caves of re
markable appearance hewn into sand
stone. An unused path leads to them,
Sand a short clinmb brings one to their
dark mouths. About forty years ago
the Chilian government thought that a
good way to be rid of its worst crimi
nals would be to transport them to the
island of Juan Fernandez. Here, un
der the direction of Chilian soldiers,
these poor wretches were made to dig
caves to live in. In 18~14 they were
taken back iagain, however, and the
caves have since been slowly crumbling
away.
The narrow ridge where Selkirk
watched is now called "The Saddle,"
because at either end of it a big rocky
I hummock rises like a pommel. On one
, of these is now a large tablet with in
scriptions commemorating Alexander
Selkirk's long and lonely stay on the
island. It was placed there in 1868 by
the officers of tihe British ship Topaz.
A small excursion steamer now runs
from Valparaiso to Juan Fernandez
island. The round trip is made in six
days. and three of these may be spent
on the island in fishing and visiting
those lonely but beautiful spots which,
Ine;rly two hundred years ago. were the
h n ts of Robinson Crusoc.--Melbourne
Argus.
THE SECRET OF PRETTY FEET.
Mainly a Matter of Shoes. From the
Premnch Point of View.
It is one of the thorns in the flesh of
the fair young American thatshe whom
the wise ones pronounce as perfect in
her style as the IFrench woman, should
be obliged to acknowledge that her feet
are not dainty, her instep so arched or
her ankle so slender as that person's.
The reason is largely, of course, that
the American girl is given to foot-en
lorging athletics, which the French
woman shuns. iBut another factor is
the care French women take in select
ing their shoes and hosiery.
A French woman who aspires to be
well dressed would as soon think of
wearing ready-made gowns as of wear
ing rendy-minde shoes. She recog
nizes the fact that a shoe turned
outl after ia general mnodel will proba
Isly not fit a. foot made on a par
ticular model. Walking boots with
pointed tot's she avoids, saving those
angular pieces of footgear for wear
when she will not have to walk. She
is careful, too, to have sensible heels
on her walking boots, for high ones.
by throwing the weight forward on to
tihe ball of the feet. broaden that part.
She indulges in high heels andl points
I for indoor wear to her heart's content.
however.
I f her feet re by nature broad and
"pudgy" she wears shoes a size longer
than is nnecessary. and thus decreases
the apparent widlth. Flat, narrow
seamns she prefers, because they help to
make tile foot inconspicuous. Soft kid
she wears because of its comfort. All
her sloes fit as snugly over the instep
as possible. And there is never a
limply hanging button, a creased
string, a "rubbed" spot, a run-down
heel or a scratched toe.-N. Y. World.
(;iting It Off Hi a ind.
"Now. .lohun," she said persuasively,
"'you w-ill try to do these few errands
fonr me when you get down town."
"Yes, indeed." lhe replied.
*"Don't put them off."
"No. I makle it a rule now, when I
promise to do anything for you, to get
it off my mind as quickly as possible."
"Yes," she answered, with a gentle
ness that relieved the sarcasm, "you
do; by forgetting it."-~'ashington
Stanr.
Sport Beyond the Rockies.
First Hunter--'hat luck?
Second Hunter-Got one crack at an
eastern dude.
First Hunter-Hit 'im?
Second Hunter-Yep.
First Hiunter-Git 'im?
Second Hiunter-Nop-crawled in his
Oollar.-Puclk.
The Only Thinla Like It.
"You have no Burke's Peerage in
this country," said Lord Bronsonberry
to Miss Salliec Perkins.
"Nope," said liss. Perkins. "WVe
have only the rognes' gallery."-Truth.
The Fay Oat.
Mliss Hubb-Do you call your wheel
a bin't or a bicin'le?
Smart Boy-I call it a 'bike.'--Good
News.
THE SOROERER OF THE MINE.
Supertitionas Which. Yet PrevaII on the
lMalay Pealaula.
Miners in all countries have been
noted for their superstitious beliefs as
to various matters affecting their good
or ill luck. Soothsayers, sorcerers, or
at least lode finders, were in past ages
trusted to secure the satisfactory re
sults which are nowadays more rea
sonably hoped for on the result of the
mining expert and engineer. The
latest survival of .belief in the occult
powers of the "medicine man." or
sorcerer, is probably to be found in the
Malay peninsula. which contains the
most important tin workings yet known
to exist. The individual who thus
guides his employers to fortune--or the
reverse-is known as a pawang.
Until the practical termination of
independent Malay rule throughout
the major portion of the peninsula,
about nineteen year.i ago, the pawantg
was a recognized member of every min
ing staff-and recognized not only by
mine owners but by the petty, chiefs,
llho alternately encouraged or ob
structed mining enterprise.
So potent was lie that he could fore
tell the prospects of a mine, levy fines
(which went into his own pocket), di
rectthe offering up of animal sacri
fices, and enforce rules respecting the
workings of a mine which, but for him,
would have been simply ridiculed by
the miners. Although in many dis
tricts his pretensions are now discred
ited, lie still lingers on, superstition
with the existing generation of min
ers having yet a firm hold in the more
remote districts.
The pawang may or may not be the
hereditary successor of a predecessor.
Iii some cases lie is self-made, and at
tains his position by a few lucky fore
casts as to thb value of a projected
mine. I a territory where, as is some
times said, "If you dig up the high
way you are sure to find tin." the su
pernaturally gifted prospector has a
tolerably easy task. -Not that tin is
always found when a hole is sunk.
But a moderate acquaintance with the
usual indications is quite sutlfficient.
Chinese of limited means do not often
trouble a pawang in tile initiatory
stages. But wlen the mine-"streaml
tin," or tin sand. with an overburden
of ten or twenty feet of earth and
gravel-is fairly started the pawang
suggests that lie alone knows how to
keep good luck in sight. Sometimes
he is politely informed that his services
are not wanted, and he claves int
wrath, predicting all sorts of disaster
to the unbelieving towkay or manager.
Upon the whole, however, lie manages
to get his way.
A fine physical appearance is indis
pensable. When engaged in any dutly,
such as invoking spirits or offering sac
rifices, he is allowed to assume only
one of two positions, with his hands
resting on his hips,. or with them
clasped behinwd his back. lie alone is
allowed to wear a black coat in the
mine. As in the case of camphor hunt
ers in Formosa and gutta-percha
hunters in Malaya, he uses a peculiar
vocabulary. Thus cats. elephants.
tigers, buffaloes, etc., must not be
mentioned by their usual de.rlgnations,
nor are such animals (tigers unfortu
nately sometime:, prove unpleasant ex
ceptions) ever allowed upon a mine.
Perhaps the oddest article in the paw
ang,'s "index expurgatotrius" is the
lime fruit or lemon, which eunder nom
circumstances Inmay be b)ronuight to a
mine: an4 should the juice be thrown
into the mine water dire results are
dreaded. Raw cotton, glass andearth
enware, or an unsheathed spear or
kris, are equally anathemna, all the
articles mentioned being offensi.ve i:
the hantu or spirits which haunt the
mine.
Assuming that the pawang is en
gaged by a mline-owner at a fee vary
ing from fifteen to thirty pountids. his
first business is to erect a platformn or
altar 'onstrncted of a special kind .fI
wood. The fur branches which set vic
as supports have the bark peeled oft
for about four and a bualf feet from tihe,
ground to where the twig. begin. Th'le
leaves on the latter are not 'rei)eovtId.
A square platform, measuring fifteen
inches each way of ,peeled sticks. is
fixed to these supports at about threte
feet from the ground. A foot above
this comes a railing rouqtrd th ree sides
of the platform, while the railed lad
der with four rungs reaihes from the
open side of the platfortn to tihe
ground. Fringes of cocoanut ornanment
the railing, and the whole construction
is bound together with carpets
rattan, however, being forbidden.
Upon it offerings are laid and the
pawang- invokes-the hantu or tutelary
spirit of the mine to bless it with good
fortune. A bag of tin sand fronm the
first washing is the fee paid for this
scrvice. Sometimes a cheapert kind of
altar is made by placing in the gronnd
a single peeled stick with its upper end
split in four, upon which is placed the
little platfonrm above dtescribed. The
next process is to hang an aiicha or
square frame about eighteen inches
each way in the smelting-hlouse just
under the eaves of the roof. This
serves as an interior altar upon vwhichl
the miners place their offerings to the
hantu. The accurate hanging up of
the ancha is a matter of special care.
These preliminaries accomplished,
the mine is considered sure of luck.
Pall Mall G(azette.
It Shouldn't Re.
Jones--Where's the pretty girl 1 saw
you with vesterday? s
Brown (crossly)-That was my wife.
"Well, irn't she a pretty gill just the
same?"
"Um-er--um--yes, I suppose so: but
that's different."-Detroit Free Pl'ress,
-In one place in Africa onle mission
ary and 50,000 barrels of whisky were
landed at the same time. Front .Tanu
ary 1, 1890, to Januaryt 1. 1891, there
wvere 1.018,091 gallons of rum shipped
from ]oston to Africa. In 1891 the
trade was almost doubled.
--Tlhoma--"What did ye 'nve the
coopay widened out at th' top like a
funnel for?" Johnn-"Thle misses 'ave
got their new cloaks."-Cleveland
Plaindoalor.
SCHOOL AND CHURCH.
-A decree has been. entered in the j
supreme court restoring to the Mozmon
church the property taken from the
corporation.
-The will of the late ex-Judge
Dwight VW. Pardee, of the Connecticut
supreme court, leaves $25,000 to Trinity
college. Hartford.
-Rev. Chauncey Giles, the mostemi.
nent Swedenborgian in America, died
at his home in W\est Philadelphia re
cently, in his eighty-first year. A's a
minister he had clone great good, and
as an author he gave` the doctrines of
the Church of the New Jerusalem their
clearest and ablest presentation.
-According to the Lutheran "Church
Almanac" for 18014. there are now in
this country 60 lutheran synods,-5,273
ministers, 9,013 congregations and 1,
294.488 communicants. The Lutherans
maintain ".040 parochial schools with
139,386 pupils. The largest Lutheran
branch is thle Synodical conference,
which reports 441,1'3 members.
---The chapel which the German'em
peror has built at his shooting-box at
lRominten, in East Prussia, was planned
by a Norwegian architect. Like the
hunting-box itself, it is of wood, and
its architectural style is that of the
old Norwegian churches, the most
striking feature of wh'chl is the rich
decoration with carved emblems.
-The Jewish priests were the civil
as well as the religious functionariesof
the state. Their otlice was one of great
profit as well as honor. In the time of
Christ Caiapho's owned all the dove
cotes around Jerusalem, while his fa
tlher-in-law. Annas, had a monopoly of
the sheepfolds. and the income from the
temple sacrifices is estimated to have
amounted to four itillion dollars a year.
-A canal boat now on duty on the
Erie canal is named the Good News. It
is covered svitl Gospel texts. -ervices
rl-e held three times a day in its cabin
as it journeys from one town tothe
next on its missionary trips. A fish
pole with tracts tied on the end is used
to reacll passing boats, and little floats
with cardboard sails covered with
texts are sent away to do what good
they may. The International Evan
gelistic association has control of this
floating mission-house.
-The treasurer's report of the Prot
estant Episcopal missionary council,
at Chicago, showed the following ex
pendlitlures for the year ending Septem.
her I: Domestic missions. $12i,540.01;
Indian missions. $44,277.62: colored
nissions, 532.741.71: foreign missions,
$172.St)i. l1j: balance on hand. $42,930.
The amounts received during the year
for foreign and domestic missions
showed a slight decrearse over the pre
ce(ling year, while the receipts for gen
eral missions showed a corresponding
increase.
-'lThe American Mlissionary society
supports in the south 6 chartered in
stitutions. 29 normal and graded
schools. 4:3 common schools, in which
there are :1Si instructors and 12,609
pupils. It also oversees 152 churches,
with a membership of about 0.000, and
a Sunday-s.chool membership of over
1i.000. Among the Indians it has 1'3
churches. with 70; members: 12 schools.
with SOS attendance, and 1,300 pupilsin
the Sunday-school, all served by 90
teachiers and ministers. Among the
Chinese there are 21 schools, with 1,215
pu pils and 40 teachers. -Outlook.
--4assendi. pronounced by Boyle to
he "the greatest philosopher among
scholars and the greatest scholar
among philosophers." had, at the age
of 1". so thoroughly mastcreed 6.000
Latin verses as to be able to repeat
them either backward or forward ivith
perfec't ense. After growing to mhan
hoiod lie is reported to have daily exer
cised hist mind by repeating from 600
to 1.009) verses in all umodern European
languages. Cardinal lezzofant, the
most remarkable linguist thie w6rld
ha;s ever known, is said to have been
a1le, to use 'very word of any consider
ab.e importance in over 1001 different
Ian guage. and to have been able to
carry on a conversation in forty-five or
tiftvy others.
IN SOUTHERN ITALY.
Passion t'roesion of Taran.to, with Life
'ire F'igures of Christ.
()n G(;ood Friday. IMarch 31, we drove
into T'aranto to see the Passion proces
sion. sa.ys a traveler. It passed very
isowly doiwn the Corso in the midst of
a great moving rl''oawd. The members
of the Confraternita, with white hoods
Ilnd veils, a twisted wreath of thorn
stems around their foreheads, a whitelu'
'outane, blue sash and very pale lemoh-- -
colored cape. marched barefoot before
each of the palehi, or platforms. These
were carried on the shoulders of four
stalwart brothers of the order, assisted
by four men in civil dress. Life-size
figures, realistically painted. told the
history of the Passion in six tableaux.
l'irst came Chlrist,. kneeling in the
garden, while a white-robed angel
stoodl beside and offered him the cup.
Then a terrible Christ at the flagella
Lion pillar, his bones laid bare at the
shoulders. knees, ribs, the pallid flesh
torn with livid wales and bleeding
wounds. Then C(rist, robed in the
purple with the crown of thorns-the
Eco Hiomo. Then the crucifixion. Then
the ,lack bier, with a lhuge black cross
above it. Then the chief piece of the
wvhole show-a dead white Christ, coy
ered with a. veil. placed upon a rich
mortuary bier. IHesides the nsual bear
ers. four gentlemen of the city, in £fi" I
dress, held the four ends of the palL
Among them was the magnifleent
-archese d'A-. with his grand
swagger. "Chle bells presenzal" said ,
the people. Their lackeys in livery-at
tended these four noblemen.
The procession was terminated by a
Madonna Dolorosa in rather fashion- "
ble mourning, Ihe~aTI a red heart in
her hand. Priests afd other brethee..
of the Confraternitaelosed'the cortege.
Three brass bands, sounding lugubim
ous and impressive strains of musie- ,
with cavernous drun -ge, cla .
cymbals, lkept up a continutt pUlgt
ululation as. the pomp went slowly r'
It was evening ere it paimsed; li
lamps and wax torches made the tea _
last tableaux more impressivo.--4ert
nirhtlv Review.
:-.:::...;,: :   !' *@ 