,E -,,qui. , liQ
o,,t, i to e
7eiMg ob eestlpa*,m.
otad mel
e.LOUIS OA@N14 w Oaris s, ay- it gio
r omSe -asUZe1bS51e toa that Jocock'B
est fact in connection with
eay.n 7 diestio is quickly
strngthe as it may itseem, is caused
m a lack of that which is
never exactly digested-at. The
aest fact n conaection with
- geta  fat-and the most
s.tr ' , trtengthened by it. r
 ewal of new, healthy
has -ousstonders rs Con
.-I ,. receivedk ono they
August FlOwer and Gev
-m Syrup Diary Al
- in , , for . 94 send your
.name -n address on a postal at
aonceskib for Mmanac it. 6,
Sii, free of all expense, one
ost complete Illustrated
ie. We quick, or they will
SAddress,
e.·· EAnnan, ~-~tJmll~
d la our ms
-a sah ess cost qeprbpaled.
To say that 3:here is no profit in stoak
a-~ this country; that we e.n
i ot lmpete, so far as the supplying of
our hoone demand . is concerned, with
the rich 'irgia cora lands of the west,
is a Imere assertion, and- lsUat true. As.
we-ll, a-Es' perhaps' with mere truth,
might we say, that with the present
rate of p ctin per acre, we can not
S ath assong f -cotton, with
rlc .lad. of-the. Mississippi bot
tpea nda e.t8g.ee eprairies of Texas.
- "h ite l States census shows that
the average yield of cotton in this state
-Ir sbout 15. p -ndo of lint per acre;
-hat is, three`aseda are required to pro
iidnce one bale of .otton. At present
prices, this -gives a gross income, in
Scluding the sale tf the seed, of $1i. 0
per acre. After deducting feed of the
horse, labor, tools and fertilizers, this
must necessarily leave very little, if
any, ready money. Twenty-five acres
ofland, we believe, is considered aon
horse crop of cotton. 'To each horse
will be required at least two good
-hands to properly cultivate this num
ber of acres. A sinple calculation will
show that there will be but little left
for the farmer after all expenses are
paid.
The eight bales of cotton, now requir
ing twenty-five acres for its produc
tion, should be grown upon eight acres
to be profitable. It is of no use to say
that it can not be done. It has been
done, and it can be done again, if you
will bring your lands up to a proper
state of fertility by the mixed system
of stock raising and cotton.
We assert, without fear of successful
contradiction, that there is more profit
to-day in raising pork than there is in
cotton. Let us suppose, for instance,
,b -that any of our farmers should de
vote twenty-five acres-a one-horse
erop-to raising hogs, and should
set ten acres in clover and
grass, and the remaining fifteen acres
in corn and peas, or better still, in corn
and soja beans. Wo know from experi
entce that one acre of land set in clover
,--nad-that none of th'e best-will main
tain five hogs in full growth, without
any other feed, from the 1st of April to
the 1st of September. So that the ten
acres of clover will support fifty pigs
for six months of their life, and the
fifteen acres of corn and peas will fat
ten them. Ve believe that the labor
of one man and one horse will grow
and fatten fifty hogs per year on this
I plan, that should average 200 pounds
Seach, .and worth, at present prices,
$800; a sum of money equal to twenty
six bales of cotton, at present prices,
as against eight bales of cotton, as at
present grown upon twenty-five acres.
S tlere is a wide margin for any over,
estimation I may have made. The
brood sows toTraise this number of pigs,
as we also know from experience, may
be wintered upon turnips, beets and
potatoes, and kept in better condition
` than on grain. In fact, their keep will
cost very little, as they are good scav
engers and will eat much that other
wise would go to waste on the farm.
YWe hope our farmers will think seri
ously about this stock question, with
a view to making it a part of
their farming operations, and not
dismiss the whole tihing from their
minds as unprofitable, without giving
it that consideration which any propo
sition that proposes to bring about an
improvement in the present system de
serves.
You can not point to a single country
or section, either in the present or past
history of the world-and this is cover
ing a good deal of space and time
where the farmers have been perma
nently prosperous when engaged in
the growing of a special crop.
The one-crop idea has, sooner -or
lIter, resulted in disaster, either
from' over-production, followed by
low prices, or from a gradual impover
ishment_of the soil which necessarily
follows, when no rotation of crops or
stock raising is practiced. In proof of
this fact, we may cite you to the'pres
ent condition of our southern cotton
farmers, the tobacco regions of North
(Carolina and Virginia. and to the
wheat growers of the great northwest,
Swhere. from over-production, the price
of wheat has fallen lower this season
a than ever before in the history of this
country.-Rowland Black, in York
ville (S. C.) Enquirer.
THE FERTILIZER INDUSTRY.
It Is sa Indispmmssble Adjaunct to Success
t fal ramrnIg.
I hesitate about discussing the neces
aity of the fertilizer industry, but there
I may be.asne who, while admitting the
I general proposition that a restitution
of the elements of plant food should
accompany the steady depletion which
m continued cropping entails, have not
onsidered-the extent of the drain
that enormous waste which even now
I the ntmnoet energiesof the trade in com
I meretal manures can not compensate
for. Centuries of harvesting in the
ancient grain-producing countries of
the world hapve reduced the original
stock of-assimilable phosphoric acid to
a point whers thie cereals may no
longer be- pmrofBlably enlttivated. A
natral recuperation, if possible, in
-olves cycles of time. Natrins recover°
1 the ,sfet of disastrons -and
"] narysvarfare, but no human en
i.&cka withstnd widespread
stertifty in the land. The population
must seek other and more fertile
regions ow be doomed to abject poverty
oar boweatineatiton. Man is essential
ly a sipiande-er of phosphoric
acid. To his a)nency, pre-emuinent
t. oay be aserlbed its exhaus
lowtitnt'e .soiL The greatear part of
"bthis I;nrecoingredient which centert
* aouig3C~y into his own 'frase and -ths'
~;* sltio*,ofihtoae, * ,-as also of the'
aniim esaEberientt to-him, . allowd
;-' .i: ftoti m te3: the iwk here,, -at thei
oiL rt i y due lto t.i
economy thatit territor ecan support
,two hamm _nbeigs to tie#acre. .In some
of itis provln.es the ratio Is greater, as
ianPekinand Tcheukou, where one acre
tsubsists six to eig.L
I. fmcpal matter- were saved in Francs
to the. extent of 20 per cent. more than
is now the ease, .it should not be com-I
peled to mport in some years 10,;000.
400. worth of grain; it might, on the
cpit~ar,- export nearly $20,020,000.
worth per annum. (Bobierre.): The
mse of domestic manure extends back
to the earliest times in much the same
manner and to the same effect as at
piesent, aad yet it has not prevented ,
the exhaustion of many fertile lands
nor averted the gradual decline-in pro
ductivenpess of European and other
lands now cultivated for a long pe
riod.-Charles N. Shepard, in South
ern Cultivator.
Gardenail for 194O.
One of the first things to do ,aow is
to supply, oneself with.a number of
seedsmen's catalogues. Wrlte them,
and they will send you. a descriptive
catalogue. The long ,winter nights
may be given to examining these and
thus determining what to plant. Usu
ally one can find seed stores in towns
near by where they can get such seed
as they want, and in case one does not
live near enough a town . where seeds
of good quality are kept, they can
order direct from the -seedmen by
mail, inclosing money to pay for
them. It is better to do this
than to bup the cheap trash sent
out every year on commission, and put
into every house that will allow them
room. No matter how well the ground
is prepared or how rich the soil, unless
good seed is planted failure is certain.
No one can afford to buy seed because
they are cheap. Buy only the best,
even if it costs a little more. It is often
too late to mend the matter after bad
seed are -planted. They may come up
all right, but we don't know till time
of fruitage that we have made a mis
take. The only way to avoid this is to
purchase the seed sent out by responsi
ble seedmnen.-Dixie Farmer.
Sheep Notes.
A grain-fed flock-will shear about
two pounds more wool per head than
a poorly-fed one.
Change sheep from one pasture to
another as often as you can.
Clover is good for the sheep and for
the .farm. Cut when first in bloom.
Don't let it dry up.
Fifty sheep is the highest number
for one flock to be profitable.
°Mixed pastures are best for sheep.
Pruunag Peach Trees.
One asks whether this may be done
now. In answer will state that I pre
fer doing it on mild days after mid
winter. My pruning of the peach trees
is usually done when near in blossom,
at which time I do the heading back.
One can then tell how many blossoms
r are left and can cut back short-or long
Sto have a crop of fruit. The wood of
most trees have ripened their wood
I well here, and ale in fine order to go
into winter quarters.-Rural World.
HERE AND THERE.
--T. D. Hart. of Greenville, Ala., has
a pear orchard of fifty acres, contain.
ing 3,000 LeContes and 1,000 Keiffers.
-Feeding water into a cow's milk
makes no gain in butter or cheese pro
ductions; so that value is guaged by
the amount of butoer or cream pro
duced.
-Uncleanliness in milking, not cool.
ing the milk quickly after milking, bad
fodder, bad air in stables and disease in
cows are causes of tainted milk.
-Do not doctor a sick fowl unless
you know what ails it, for your treat
ment is likely to be worse than the
disease. Separate the sick fowls from
the well ones, and concentrate your
r effort on keeping them well.
r -There are in Florida hundreds of
thousands of bearing cocoanut trees,
and in California there are more than
r a quarter of a million olive trees, pro
P ducing fruit equal to the best Medi
terranean varieties.
--A correspondent on irrigation
a writes: "'Nothing less than one thou
Ssand barrels of water per acre is sun
Sficient for a growing crop of cabbage,
strawberries or potatoes, and if the
draught is very severe, that is not sua
Sficeient."'
6-It is reported that a French Cana
Sdian colony with a capital of $1,000,400
will settle' in Florida. They intend
buying 20,000 acres of land in order to
raise sugar and toobacco J. A. Bales
- tier is the promoter of the enterprise.
-In eastern Texas, and only a few
miles from North Galveston, there is
C one of the greatest timber tracts on
Sthis continent. This tract comprises
46,300, acres, and includes every
variety of high grade hard and soft
timber.
-When you sell cropsaway from the
Sfarm, try and ascertain how much
nutriment they are taking from the
land. Then restore this by some regnu
lae system of manuring. Unless you
do, the farm will soon cease to be
1 profitable.
-Everyone whd has tried it knows
that fall calves are a little more diMR
Scult to raise and to make thrifty than
such as are dropped in the spring. Con
r sequently more attention should be
a given them, and an extra effort made
to feed them well.
j -A well-bred animal of any sort is a
n machine for utilizing raw products to
e the best possible advantage. It dose
Sthis with leps"saste, and consequently
L- more profit than a scrub can. It is like
e using b tood machinery ilitead of poor
Sto harvest your crops.
s -*-Are the vacancies in the young
fI aselmrd being filled? We say young,
a t it would be folly -to plant a ycranug
i fir n an old orchard surrounded by
! .old'bnaring t*bes, because the extensive
I ioet system o* the matureo teesWoit Ulld
"!dok &Je moisture and fooda _pppl ro
~I~:dwf~rqd, .teiqya1 w.
orTt o h t, fpund oi t 'elp
oi into :i·~ olme,. for Is ndew : ash·
Ington Iryl . once on Broaw~- when
I was i'a6y, and tfht 'wll" mak my
narrtiive eBin mnoist with the del;
PI., left ai estate lalned nt i0,
00 His favori hu already been 0ad
mitted top~obste. .e bequeaths .l,-*
00oand his large collection of temper
sance itertiaUe to the atioatl Tem
r~miira ene eiety and Publication House
n ortedw York, nd said,0 to the national
prohibittei p.rty.
-- mperor Williamn of Gbermany il
int mlkan and olumeesemor ger s Fol
lowing Ir g onthe emple of many Enwhlis
I wasd rench nolemen, thate sells te niyll
and other dairy products of his Pots.
lam farm to whomsoever, will buy at
market rate begin To hims creit he dalwa
-on.ives Jaood measure and there ias te
water in the milk. e bequeaths
-The following cood story isof told omper
two men widely ktown in literature:
Chperance Sodley and Puber licaves in Hartouse
ford, net doork, and 00 to ark Twain, upon
whom he called one day and invited
him to a walk. The -humongerst was in
ined torefuse the invittion, he sells therem
upon Warner cited aeriptural authority
in suppoother dairy products of his requesott uotin Mat
the farm, v.to whomsoe41: "And whosoever sbuy all
compel thee to go his cred with himalway
water in the mills.
--Prof. John Tyndall's father was a
shoemaker in an Irish village and lived
in very hunble stknle, occupying roomature:
in the reDudley War of his small shop. But like
many old-time cobblers, he had moinvited
than a shareof learning, and was wittyn
and sato refuastie in argument. ation, wissohere
upowas sent to the local grammar shool,
ind one of his old chums there was t1.
thewC. v.ennessey, now a nd .Rochster shaoell
compel anufacturer He says that younghim
-Profyndal was an Tyn' eminate boy, aws
gave little promise of living to be omse
ienty-three ears of.
t --Of the diffleulties underwas whictty
Francis Parkmacastic in labored nt. isulu son
' II.. Aard says in the "Forum:" ".'.The
was sOregon Trail was dloictated to his com
panid one of hisng .the savages and all hi
other volumes were dictated tha mem
Tyndaller of his familn effemin who prepared them
Sgavefor the press. When I asked to be asl
lowed to see his manuscripts, ho re
I plied: 'I have none.' He could not
bear the strain of ficulriting, and it was
Ii.only With the utmost care and eclu
Oreson from excitement that hise could
work at all. For_ half a century he
r panlived a life ofng .threpressed actiitd al (hese
are lis own words), who preparedis mind
wholly nimthe preaird, hut unable to buse
it beyond a certain limit, on the penal
y of h'ving it taken away from himnot
HUMOROUS.
--"Wbear that is the correct English of it was
Do you collect a bill or collef ct a debt?"century
arThe English of it is you can'tdo either
just now."--N. Y. Press.
r -Romaunt-"O, wad some power thre
iwhollytic ge ti to see ourselvest un as ito use
see us" Gamscy--"T don't know. It
strikes ma solitaire poklimiter on theould be
rather slow."-ethe correct EnglTribne.
-She-"Dearest, suppose you didn't
would you marry me?" . He-"Youor collect a bet
The Englioud. You don't know how much
I think of your father."--. Y. Herald.
g-Charlie Sniffts toers (out with olly
Dimple)--"Pardon me for bowing to
that shabby old codger, but I feel
obliged to do it." Dollie-"Who is he,
Charlie?" Charlie--"He is the hlead of
our frm."-She-"Depare Moment you didn't
--Indignant Old Lady--"Your boys
aore constantly throwing apples at peo
wouple, and you do not stop them?" Farm
er"Vh shoul don't knowe have plenty
of themink this year.- fathlie."-ende Y. Helatter.
--Locate bSniffers li(oination.-rth Dolly
Quillpln--" hardo me every reforson to wing to
thiie that my husband is a genius. feel
Charied--" CVhat maes you think so?"head of
irs. Quillpin-"Well, he certainly isn't
anyurhing else"-are Momentuth.
are-"So you thin g you have a plan to
plet rid ofyour rial" "stop thes." 'What
is it? Going to have him sandbagged
or assacinated or Eli" "nettir than
thatQullpin-I'e persuaded him to oin a boot
ball team."A--tlanta Constitution.
. --Reuben--"Miaamma, will you give
, me a cent to buy a nice big green ap
a ple?" Mlamma--"No, Reuben: green
r apples are very dangerous just now."
Reuben-"Thena mamma, give me the
Scent, please and I will bheuy a red one."
S--Press Siftings
1 -"Vouldn't yer like to be a musi
o canhing" aske Podding Pete. "I used
-"So youto think I would," replied a pleandrin
Mike. "But I oncet heard a manb say
othey was something about strikin' a
a chord in music, an' I lost all hearthfur
a it. It reminded me too much of an as
Sand a t -oodpile."-nashin sgton Star.
.-The bife-"O, please don't go out,
Sdear." The Husband--"I don't want
to go out, but I thought I would take a
Srun down-town for half an hour; the
c boys are beginning to swy I an tie.d to
Smy wife's apron string." The .
S"WVell, what harm is there in that? Is
Sit wrong for a lhusband to be attached
Sito'his wlfe?P"--. Y. Pese.
--Willie heard some wonderfnl mu
Ssie on the street one day, and ran home
Sto tell his mother about it. "There
Swas a man with a aiddle" he maid, "and
Sanother man who had .big thing with
a lot of strings on it, and every tine
a he pincbed it, it squealed." It re
tuired a special investigation to dis
sa over that Willie had seen a mar play
s ing on a harrp"--Hrper's Ba.s ,
-Mrs. Gush--"Ian't it awful? This
Spaper says that there'sa poor sinmily in
Blind alley actually starving to death.
r I bran't sleep a wink to-night thinking
of the oor creantures PI11 carry theP
a cook book the very irst thing in the
morming." Mr. Gash--"Bat, my dear,
a they probably haven't a thing in the
ShOuse to cook." Mrs. ouash--"Do you
Sthink so? That Wiast be so nice! I wish
ialmost everys tay otf-my Ie that there
r sanno such thinep aswn tol-g. Do you
a: hw, John, reat've akSI.'.l orrld ot
almoasty everd oafr-mylife toha thra
' PC ecause it i
abso1t pure cream of taartar
powde and of 33 per cent.
greater leavening strength than
other powders, will give the
best results. It will make the
food lighter, sweeter, of finer
flavor and - more wholesome.
ROYAL, BAKING POWaDER CO., 10 WALL ST., VNEW-YORK.
COMING SPRING FASHIONS.
Pzcrvn hats much as last year's
were.
BLosuse and silk waists not unlike
last year's.
Loae coats and pelisses df toth
reaching to the ground.
Mucn use of gold embroidery, gold
fretwork. gold passementerie.
IncaaIxse use of sprigged and fig
ured silks as the season advances.
SHnans of brown and tan and all
the warm reddish tones for early spring
use.
MUon use of white and light lace in
combination with even the- most som
ber of mater.als.
Fon evening use pink in the paler
tints, in harmony with the brown
tones or in contrast with greens and
grays.-Ellen Osborn.
S18 uas. s Lbs. Oats from One une. Seed.
This remarkible, almost unheard-of,
yield was reported to the John A. Sal
ser Seed Co., La Crosse, Wis., by Frank
Winter, of Montana, who planted one
bushel of Great Northern Oats, care
fully tilled and irrigated same, and be
lieves that in 1894 h3 can grow from one
bushel of Great Northern Oats three
hundred bushels. It's a wonderful oat.
20 sorts field corn, yielding 80 to 130
bushels per acre.
IF YOU WILL CUT THIS 01T ASD) sEND IT
with 8c postage to the above firm you
will receive sample package of above
oats and their farm seed catalogue. []J
Tat reason women don't appreciate the
telegram at half its value is that a post
script cannot be added withoutextracharge.
-Texas Siftings.
WnlE. a burglar asks the conundrum:
"Where's your money t" it is generally the
wisest plan to give it up.-Life.
Deataeas Cannot be Cured
by local applications, as they cannot reach
thodiseasea portion of theear. There is only
one way to cure Deafness, and that is bycon
stitutional remedies. Deafness iscaused by
an inflamed condition of the nucous lining
of the Eustachian Tube. When this tube
etsa inflamed you have a rumbling sound or
mperfect hearing, and When it is entirely
closed Deafness is the result, and unless the
Inflammation can be taken out and thistube
restoredtoits normal condition, hearing will
be destroyed forever; nine cases out of ten
are cause by catarrlh, which is nothing but
an inflamed condition of the mucous. sur
faces.
We will give One Hundred Dollars for any
case of Deafness (caused by catarrh) that
cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Cure.
Bend for circulars, free.
F. J. CHEXEY & Co., Toledo, O.
lImold by Dnruggists, 7.c.
s Family Pills, 25 cents.
WE believe that an Italian who should
start out with a noiseless hand organ would
make money.-Texas Siftings.
MAiuDE-"Our engagement is a secret."
Lena-"SBo everybody tells me."-Brooklyn
Life.
Cases aolds and Bronchitis with Hale's
Honey of Horehound and Tar.
Pike'sToothache Drops Curcin one minute.
MonrTsT.-Tramp-,"The world owes me a
living." Citizen-"Well, I'm not the world.
Get out!"
Taf pawnbroker never gets so old that he
takes no interest in life.- oston Transcript.
ENLIGHTENMENT
enables the more advanced
nsad Ceaes'wa aSur
geomd of tods to cure
many diseases without cut
ting, which were formecrl
re' raort In the knife,
* narrnow ,' av cured with
out the knife and without
bTUuORS dW  varian IN
bm~id(Ut~eriO) and man
others, are now remove
without the perils of cut
rai.o ll how
ever arge, atula and
other disease of the lower
bowel. arem permanontly
cured without pain or re.
sort to the knife.
rN.in the Dadder, no
ma owlrgce. Is erts
ed, pulverized - washed out
and perfoetly removed
aen ]assn0 (in sm)
Buffalo. N Y.
WIG. ACRES
Fine Farnning Land
LAND. 1. 1- .
SFor le. * " O. P
S s I Ely's Cream Balm
CATARRHI
f t's ohub
4ra O. st.iNaa.
o bth . sj'"
Dea't be a Slave
To the absurd notion that tyrannises many
minds; that violent drastic purgatives will
cure you of costiveness. n arality they
only aggravate your ailment. For this o
stinate trouble, as for biliousness and dye
~oa. Hostetter's Stomach Bitters is an aUl
ccnt specific. it is an efficient safe.
guard against malaria and cures rheuma
tism, inaction of the kidneys and nervous
ness. - -
"I WISH y"ou wouldn't be asking -me for
money all the time," growled the husband.
'"I'm not, dear," responded the wife, sweet
ly. "Part of the tiao is occupied in spend
ing it."-Detroit Free Press.
"'Bnowx's. B.vCnIsr. TROCuEs' are ez
cellent for the relief of Hoarseness or Wore
Throat." •-Christian I'uramLodo, EnglandL..
Have a Shampoo?
- When you do, have it with Pearline.
It's delightful. Not only cleans your
head, but clears your brain. It's good
- 'ý " for your hair and scal , too-invi orates
them, just as a bath with Pear irt "
S vgorates your body.
You're missing half the luxury of
bathing, if you're doing it without Pearl
ine. - Moreover, you're not getting
quite as clean, probably, as you might
be. This may surprise you- -but
: it's so.
Send Peddlers and some unscrupulous geocers will tell you " thsis as .good as"
or "the same as Pearline." IT'S FALSE-Pcarline is never " ,ddld ,
it Back and if your cr sn you somthing ipyL '
SUMM.R NOUI..
4Ar uteih in laentcf P Ie1 ter
s --erEi W pe rehao
A * -
oe ItO.ou, ST. L OUIS.
ST LOUIS.
SUMMER TSNOW for 50 years. .th
one hardy each ; coGnes true from
seed- ecdrllyng poaclhes are hardi
est. tands e to 10 de. more col
ln others: d t- r.-oI trees stil e
It interested In Trees, Fruits,
Roses Ornatentals, trteC for 0rn
APointer-WlEeatOc. bu.eapple sn
.:30c. appleh outpao whet. c
OLD OAK PROCESS Th.ole hoot N
gardless of cost by the one known
method that gives fruitful, iong
beau better."-Se... Eortm. They
Oo 1600 Without Lesi a Trere. Yoru B
can't get Letter Rt any price, nor - ti
eqtll bgood for less money; outrs . ;
are the LOWEST PRICED Nurseries
In U. S. forgood stock-sent work
wide during O6 EARS.
Read the thousandr ,ule•tte
from customers who order year af
teryear. Men do notas a rniule send
the second, the third, and even tine
20tlh orderif not fairly dealt with.
YOUIR ORDER-we want It.wleth
er for one tree or one mlil n.,
eause we have the stock to gl it
1oo0aeres Nurseries Tested.and
PARIS MEDICLNE £0., -
St. Louis, Duo.
antJemen:
If any one-asks yeou If yol
Iast winter 1 had the Grippe and chills
while at 'ew Orlbans, andyour2'oriiOcured
me in 40 hours. At this writing I have
cured mysel'the
SECOND TIME
took two-thirds of the S0c bottle. -
You hbtve a "' World Beater for La rippe"
and the "King of Chill tonics."
Fours truly
. id. .ENDBRDIEv
CU REDith Whitt__rer & 0O.,
237 Albany St., Boston, Miass,
-F O R- Doan~ fal to ask for OroveS ,afi
SOLO . -A OUAWAUt K g Vt
NO-CURE, NOP
50 CENTS
'Wi
A. N. K., F. *4 . . -,
J- Ibm& 1. USWh M~m"- : e