SHE MVER.
enlurcomleT .
wr ! Pid a J e thienk tbsp
L 0Ltnd 8Jo HV , fo Popur4stors
.or te Al t.
DiQUV·ERY.
d:of , MASS.,
discovered in one o'our common
re eeds a remedy that cures every
Sof Huamor, from the worst Scrofula
to a common Pimple.
has tried it in over eleven hundred
and never failed except in two cases
humor). Hehas nowLin his
sn over two hundred ceritlcates
.value, all within inty miles of
' i SBend postal card for book.
-is kIways experienced from the
- ; Ar bottle, and a perfect cure is warranted
... " the right quantity is taken.
' --When the lungs are affected it causes
,i g - pain, like needles passing
them;the same with the Liver or
`' > This is caused by the ducts be
Jug stopped, and always disappears in a
week after taking it. Read the label.
If the stomach is foul or bilious it wit
- c- `se squeamish feelings at first.
- :No change of diet ever necessary. Eat
_ they best you can get, and- enough of it.
-.bose, one tablespoonful in water at bed
time. Sold by all Druggists.
Get ReadyforFairs
S Twa Welsed 3See lb.
-. 1.i icat secure a per oan
W-areawman w ma llb wl
THE I B.SILVER CO.
CLEVELAND, OHIO.
NOME HINTS AND HELPS.
.`: --Cream Pie: Beat together one egg,
half a clup of sugar. three teaspoonfuls
of eranstaQ i and half a cup of cream.
Stir all toge tha warm two and one.
half cups of mi, mix with the other
ingredients, and bake like custard
pies.-Farm, Field and Fireside.
-Cucumber Catsup: Take twelve
fe-large uencumbers, pare off the rind,
scrape out the seed and a little of the
Sindu-ear the seed, and add to these
four large onions chopped fine; strain
off the liquor from the seed and onions,
S.and add to them four tablespoonfuls of
ground black pepper; add four pints of
- the best vinegar, and cork and seal in
- .. bottles.-Harper's Bazar.
-The Fly Pest.-During the hot
weather housekeepers are much trou
bled to rid rooms of fies. A simple
By paper may be made as follows: Mix
a teaspoonful of black pepper and one
of sugar with a tablespoonful of but
ter. Spread this on paper and lay the
traps in the spots frequented by the
flies. Green tea sweetened and ex
posed in saucers for flies to drink is al
so a good remedy.-Liverpool Mercury.
i.-' -Date Pudding: Cover two table
; spoonfuls of gelatine with a cup of cold
milk. When it has soaked twenty min
.tes, stand the bowl in a saucepan of
Sboiling water until the gelatine is
thoroughly melted. Let it cool, and
-' ,. -ameantime whip half a pint of cream,
nd d half a cup of powdered sugar, a cup
i f chopped dates, and a teaspoonful of
~- lla; add the gelatine and stir until
:it thickens, when turn into a mold to
dl ~-Aimerican Agriculturist.
-`u:,:L;-:+]temlIk Pie: At this season,
buttermilk is sweet and rich, a.
-baut exfellent pie can be made of
l egg, a teacupful of fresh but
two-thirds of a teacupful of
-agai, two level tablespoonfuls
al.butter, and two tablespoonfuls
starch, which should be dis
a the .bttermilk. Flavor to
beat well, and bake with one
This pie should be eaten the
-ts baked.--arah E. Wilcox, in
Home.
n sometimes thrust small
Sas buttons or beans, up
It is not difficult to
- tesmif tbken in time; Tell
b6w hard or ecite sneez
e r la. nose or giving.
eIt stake a full breath,
Si boYi w .on the back.
alosme the anatedd
of the~cupted one.
b u tnaseaems l, ea*
dea four table
eI hets gratesd
- - faep of s- .
3 e~~dthe a'a
iathas 1
@56 4
e teatar awrush i . ' t
a ' "adere I., tnhaerefoe a. e
$etjt55 Ga aaieklmael.a of. anay sort.
° d ahewwheaq is, eseen from
"bs detah.by Ro means elaborate, and
FR ATHdv DUSTER HOLDED
mrost of the effect depends upon the
colors and materials employed for it.
Of course it is made up on a founds
tion of stout cardboard, which is out
into a diamond shape and used with
one point uppermost, the brush being
slipped into a loop specially made for
It. Cut a piece of moire, or of satin, or
velvet, or plush, for the front, just
about one-half inch larger all -round
than the cardboard. Cut also a band
of buckram about two inches wide,
and three inches longer than will
stretch acrose the diamond horizontal
ly from point to point. Cover this buck
ram with plush or velvet to accord with
the rest of the covering, and line the
middle of this band with a scrap of
silk; the ends need not be this lined.
Sew a pumber of little imitatioe gems,
or large spangles, at equal distances
along the center of this band, and add
some small pompons or drops of some
kind to the lower edge. Lay this band
across the center of the satin from
point to point, sew it down firmly at
each end from the wrong side, but
leave the exact middle of the band
slack so that the handle of the brush
will slip easily into it. The reason for
lining the middle part of the band is
now obvious.
Now stretch the satin very tightly
over the cardboard, drawing the raw
edges together on the wrong side with
lacing stitches of strong thread. Be
careful to get the band in the middle
quite straight, forthe holder will be
anything but ornamental if this is
crooked. It is as well to add the cord
round the edges below the band, the
bow at the tip of the point, and the ring
to hang the holder up by, before lining
the back neatly with sateen or a piece
of plain silk.
It is quite possible to make up the
feather brush itself at home, if the
worker is anxious for the whole thing
to to of her own workmanship, or if
she happens to have a number of fancy
feathers that she would like to use up.
A "turned" stick is needed, which may
either be gilded or enamelled. Take
the shortest of the feathers and arrange
them with the tips downward round the
lower edge of the stick. Tie them firmly
in place with some fine twine, and glue
this well to prevent it from coming un
tied. Add a second set of feathers
rather longer than the others, and se
cure them also with fine twine, gluing
this as before. Continue this until the
brush is full enough, and hide the ends
of the last set of feathers with a "sugar
paper" shaped piece of velvet, secured
here and there with a touch of glue, and
having a band of wide gold braid tacked
round the upper edge to hide the place
where the velvet and stick meet. The
lower edge of the velvet should be van
dyked. It is a good plan to use kid or
leather instead of velvet, and there
should be no difficulty in getting this
of a good and suitable color, as many
bookbinders will dispose of scraps left
over from their own work.
Mats for the Table.
It is too bad to have one's polished
tables and stands covered with little
rings where a vase has stood and the
water has overflowed. There hs no
need of this, either. Everybody should
have on hand an abundant supply of
these mats. These need not be obtru
sive in design. In fact, no one wants
any more the elaborate confection that
were once wont to call attention to
their crooheted splendors in our draw
ing rooms. MLake the latter-day vase
mats of small rounds of olive-green
felt, preferably not ornamented at all
except for a "rinked" border. No one
will notice them, but they will keep
your rosewood and mahogany from
harm.
Punctuallty Is a Virtue.
The habit of being always a little
late is so general that it might seem
unavoidable, were it not that punctu
ality is secured from the very persons
at. -fault when the occasions are as
guarded as in the wedding to which
the foolish virgins failed to gain ad
mission because "the doors were shut."
It is better to train up children to
order, punctuality, honesty in keeping
engagements, as a part of keeping one's
word, and so teach them not only self
reliance, but make them men and
women on whom reliance may be
placed.
Why TWomen Chew Ouaa.
Some one buying chewing gum at a
candy shoplately began to apologize
for the plebeian purchase: "Oh, we
don't think anything about it any
more," rAplied the saleswoman. "So
many women chew gum for dyspepsia i
that we always take it for granted
that that is why it is wanted."
To Make Pned UIsead,
Tears the crust from a part of a loaf I
of baker's bread. Now tear the erumb
of the loaf into long, thin pieces.
waa the torn brA In a pan and pat
.In a hot orven to become brown anad
dists. It will tse about afteen mam
we. Serve hot with oehss. ulled
biped is alao nce 'with obbeolaee o
Ihdlklg l
may dbe lsil Chbooose o vt with .
head mesuriuarx ioaehe in dtrim
ffIredt. To dress one, as shown in
1Fig;S ,n.Aie illustration, fold a -half
yardf three-inch ribbonaigether sand
crease It .t deialate the bottom of
the eablhon. Sewr thirteen small gilt
spangees long the bottom, with a.gilt
bead in the middle of each to fasten it
on. Overhand the sides of the ribbon
to within an inch an4 a half of the-op
posite end; stuff with hair or wool and
fasten it around the doll's neck. A
half yard of the same ribbon is nut in
two and folded leng~hwise for the
sleeves; overhand, turn in the ends at
the bottom, and attach to the dress at
the shoulde-. Now take a yard and a
quarter of half-inch ribbon, fasten it
over the shouslder and tie about the
waist with bow and ends in front, al
though the reallyIJapanese lady - al
ways wears her sash ends behind,
neatly tucked tip into a sort of roll or
cushion. A ldop of this same ribbon is
fastened to the belt in the back to sus
pend the cushion by. Decorate the
sleeves and shoulder straps with
spangles and beads, and finish with a
fringe of the beads. Letter on the
skirt "Hat Pins" in gilt, forming the
letters to look as much like Japanese
characters as possible.
The standard cushion shown in Fig.
1 requires a bit of thin eardboard, five
by nine inches, for the sides of the
FIO. 1. FIG. 2.
foundation, and a circular piece two
and a half inches in diameter for the
bottom. Cover these with any pretty
scrap of silk or plush, fitting the out
side shugly about the cardboard, which
you have sewn in a cylinder; sew in a
piece three and a half inches in diamn
eter for the top, leaving an aperture
through which you may stuff the cush
ion, rounding up the top. If all your
toilet appointments are white, cover
this with a ruffle of lace of ine dotted
Swiss, and tie at the top with bows
and loops of narrow rlbbon.-Ameriosn
Agriculturist.
HARDWOOD FLOORS.
They Should Always Be Swept with a
Covered Broon.
The hardwood floor is comparatively a
new feature of the house, and it is not
altogether strange that housekeepers
do not always know just how to take
care of them. Many of them treat them
as they do a carpet, sweeping them
with a broom-corn broom, which is in
tended well enough to take the dust out
of the meshes of a carpet, but not to
polish a hardwood surface.
The same woman who treats her
hardwood floor in this way would re
fuse to sweep off her piano with a
broom-corn broom, for fear of scratch
ing it. She would probably take a soft
cotton-flannel duster and wipe off the
dust, and this is exactly what she should
do with her floor. The most convenient
way of doing it is to make a soft cot
ton-flannel bag for the broom. The
dust is easily removed from a polished
floor in this way.
Such a covered broom is also useful
sweeping down the walls, though a
feather duster accomplishes this work
more successfully. There ought to be
a number of these broom-covers ready,
so that when they become soiled they
may be washed. Painted piazas may
also be much more successfully swept
with a covered broom of this sort than
fn any other way. Even when it needs
a scrubbing-brush, if it is well swept
with a covered broom, it will look al
most as well as if it had been scrubbed
with a brush, and certainly better than
if it had been cleaned with a mop.--N.
Y. Tribune.
The Etiquette or the Fin.
There is an endless etiquette in the
use of fans, and vwith the Japanese the
fan is an. emblem of life. The rivet
end is regarded as the starting point
and as the rays of the fan expand so
the road of life widens out toward a
prosperous future. It is also said that
the Japanese ogi originally took its
shape from their wonderful mountain,
Fuji-san, which represents to them all
that is beautiful, high and holy. When
one begins to understand all this there
comes a salutary feeling of ignorance,
and we perceive that the Japanese may
claim to be among the great symbolists
in the world. A continuance of such
study might turn the most tai'd sned
European ihtto a Japonophile.
True Southern WIt.I
On one occasion the late Justice
Lamar was taken to task by a lady at
Bar Harbor who thought he did not
recognize her. "Ah, Judge," she said,
"I am afraid you don't remember me,
I met you here two years ago." "Re
member you, madam!" was the quick
reply, with one of his courtly bows,
"why, I've been trying ever since to 1
forget you." And she laughingly ex-I
claimed, "Oh, go away. you dear, de
lightful old southern humbug."-Hsarp
er's Weekly.
The Meake's Deseeant.
"Papa, do men descend from mon -
keys?" asked the thoughtful little boy i
of his father. 1
"Yes, my boy." i
"And what about the monkeyast"
And the puled father replied: "The
moakeys.descend, my boy---that i
-they descend from treesi"--Vogae.
A Slight onsses.
Cobb---Haveyou seen Plankington's I
bhlack eye? I asisd his wife nbout it 2
and she amid she threw a lump of sugar 4
Nobib-Ya; but mh+:didn't add that iLt
e2 kIdirrrr P~9~3 8~~(~Jy~t~ ·i-.. r
. -' , i tts
;~gt tl ; 'the. reaainiiig rwster
Sn "then let them. boil
-are the- pelhes and cut them in
halves, thn .cook them gently in the
boiling sirup for ten minutes. On talck
- ing .the'  i rom the fire turn the
-soaked gelatine into it; then set in an
other bailn containing cold water and
stir oecadoolally ntil the .mitme be
comes cool.
Before the jelly has had time to oon
goal, dip a mold into cold water and
turn themixture into it. Set in a cool
place for three or four hours. At serv
ing time dip the mold into warm water
and turn" the contents out on a fat
dish; " Serve with whipped cream or
soft custard heaped upon the jelly.
Many people will think the flavor im
proved by the addition of a teaspoon
ful of brandy or maraschino when the
gelatine is'put with the fruit.--N. Y.
l.ecorder.
A MOTHER'S STORY.
Wappines Comes After Years of
ufferlng.
i ,Terwsarble apesens. or a Wen-Enaws
OMelal's Wits-A story That Appeals
to Every !other in the uandm
IProm the Chattenoega (Tena.) Press.
No county official in East Tennessee is
better known and more highly esteemed
than Mr. J. C. Wilson, Circuit Court Clerk
of Rhea County, at Dayton, the home of Mr.
Wilson. He enjoys the confidence and re
spect of all classes, and in the business com
munity his word is as good as his bond.
Just now Mr. Wilson is receiving heartiest
congratulations from his numerous friends
because of the restoration to robust health
of his estimable wife, who has for years
been a helpless invalid. .Mrs. Wilson's high
standing in society, and her many lovable
traits of character have won her a host of
friende, and her wonderful recovery has ate
tracted wide-spread attention.
As the Preswasthemedium of bringing to
the invalid lady's attention the remedy that
has effected her remarkable cure, a reporter
was sent to Dayton to interview Mrs. Wil
son, in order that the general public might
have the benefit of the sufferer's experience
and be made aware of the treatment that
wrought such a marvelous change in her
condition. The reporter was welcomed at
the Wilson home, and the enthusiastic lady
with becoming reluctance gave the history
of her affliction and the manner in which
she was relieved:
"Yes," said Mrs. Wilson, "I was for eight
years an invalid with one of the most dis
tressing afflictions woman can suffer. For
eight years I moped around, dragging my
self with difficulty and pain out of bed. My
little ones went untrained and were greatly
neglected, while I looked listlessly and help
lessly at the cheerless prospect before me
and them. I suffered the most intense pains
in the small of my back, and these seemed
even greater in the region of the stomach,
extending down to the groins. I suffered
agony sleeping or awake. Despair is no
word for the feeling caused by that dread
ful sensation of weakness and helplessness
I constantly experienced.
"I was treated for my trouble by several
local physicians, but they were able to give
me only temporaryrelief by the use of seda
tives and narcotics. I had almost given up
all hope of ever sepuring permanent relief
when I saw an account in the Pass of a cure
which Dr. Williams' Pink Pills had effected.
I decided to try them, as I knew the lady
who had been cured and had great confi
dence in her statement. I began to take the
lpills in October, 1899, and in two months I
was doing light housework and attending
to the children without any bad effects or
weakness, such as I had formerly expe
rienced. Hitherto I had been unable to re
tain any food, but now my appetite grew
stronger, and with it came back that old,
healthy and hearty tone of the stomach. Dr.
Williams' Pink Pills cured me, and I assure
you the cure has brought a great change in
our home. I can now rejoice in my hus
band's success, for I feel that I have some
thing to live for. Who has a better right
to feel this than a mother I One thing more.
I have recommended these pills to others,
and Imany of the women of Dayton have
taken them with good results, and it is my
greatest pleasure to recommend to every
suffering woman a remedy that has done so
much for me."
An analysis proves thatDr. Williams' Pink
Pills for Pale People contain, in acondensed
form, all the elements necessary to give new
life end richness to the blood and restore
shatttered nerves. They are an unfailing
specific for such diseases as locomotor
ataxia, partial paralysis, St. Vitus' dance,
sciatica, neuralgia, rheumatism, nervous
headache, the ter effects of ia grippe, pal
pitation of the heart, pale and sallow com
plexions, that tired feeling resulting from
nervous prostration; all diseases resulting
from vitiated humors in the blood, such
as srofula, chronico erysipelas, etc. They
are also a specific for troubles peculiar to
females, such as suppressions, irregulari
ties, and all forms of weakness. In men
they effect a radical cure in all cases arising
from mental worry, overwork, or excesses
of whatever nature.
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People
are now manufactured by the Dr. Williams'
Medicine Comp any, henetady, N. Y.,
and are sold in boxes (never in loose form
by the dozen or hundred, and the public are
cauntioned against numerous imitations sold
in this shape) at 50 cents a box or six boxes
fore50, and may be had of all druggists, or
direct by mall frem Dr. Williams' Medicine
Uompasny.
A LITTLE OF EVERYTHING.
Tax rock of Gibraltar resembles in
outline a lion in a roeesting position.
Tan mean annual temperature of the
Arctic regions is below thirty degrees
Fahrenheit.
A musma. bird was said to have been
stung to death by a bee at Columbia,
Win., recently.
Ta starfish has no nose, but the
whole of its underside is endowed with
Ithe sense of smell.
H--"They say kissing is unhealthy."
She-Everything has its rlskn."-Puack.
PROGRESSIVE WOMEN. I
Tax empress of Austria has her hasr
shampooed once a month. It is still
beautiful, luxuriant and perfectly
black, and when let down touches the
ground as she stands, mand she is tall.
It is said the hair wash requires forty
eggs, and the other ingredients are ob
tained from no lesq than twenty m.
terious bottles.
Oxa of the bet-known figures in
Paris Is Mme. Yoer, who, upon the
death of her husband, a reporter for
the French pres, took up his work and
has condooted it with marked enter
prise. In her rounds shabe is aocompa
tied by a great white poodle called
"The Doctor," who permits no one to
trfle with his mistress.
Owa of the authnoities on decoration
in Engaand s* Mr. cemyns Cs.rr She
s the wife of a sessfnl theatrical
anager, and to her ideas on stage
deecatinm and eatume he owers much
It is A.bsolutely Pre.
Au 'otahe. contain alum or ammonia.
-- -- - ,
RELIGIOUS ANDI EDUCATIONAL.
-The desire to plese God Is sema.
tinual prayer.-John Wesley.
-Slowly modern edueation Is reoog
aizing that its subject is 'not learning,
but the learner.-Mary E. Loing.
-The man who has begbn to live
nore seriously within, begins to live
more simply without.-Bishop Brooks.
-South Carolina -names its normal
and industrial college after Robert Co
Winthrop, Massachusett's leading citi
zen.
-The mission of the English Church
society in Ceylon has 2,797 Sing
and Tamil communieants, and 8,005 8
herents.
-The Woman's Missionary society,
of the Methodist church, has 2,058 aux
iliaries, with 89,141 members, and 1,188
young people's and juvenile sopieties,
with 28;996 members, a total of 68,297.
-By the will of the late r. C. Wil.
medring, of Ban Francisco. provision is
made for founding a school of indus
trial arts in connection with the state
university of California, to cost 406,
000.
-All censure of others is oblique
praise of sell It is uttered in order to
show how much the speaker can bear.
It has all the isidiousness of self
praise and all the reproach of false
hood.-Addison.
S-One after another the theological
a seminaries of this country are opening
their doors for the admission of women,
and especially for such as would St
themselves for labor in the mission
field. The Cumberland Presbyterian
seminary, at Lebanon, Tenn., is one
of the last to fall into line in this great
matter.-Missionary Review.
-One of the former students of Har
vard annex has been chosen dean of
Barnard college, the annex of Colunm
bia, her place being practically that of
president. She is oddly named Miss
James Smith. -She is only thirty, and
will control nineteen professors, all of
whom but one are men, who are in
structors in the college, and the one
hundred and six young women whom
they instruct.
-Mohammedanism is to-day, as in
the past, a great missionary and prose
lyting religion. In the last thirty
years it has made numerically more
proselytes than Christianity. The
Moslem missionaries, whom the sultan
of Turkey is said in Constantinople to
be sending through Africa, are prob
ably a part of the preachers of Islam
always supported by the sultan in his
capacity as caliph and represent no
new policy.-Philadelphia Press.
-Probably the oldest clergyman in
the world was a Greek priest who late
ly died in Thessaly, Greece, after com
pleting his 120th year. He never left
the place in which he was born and
where he died. He was accustomed to
begin his priestly offices before sun
rise, and to retire promptly at 9. His
sight and hearing were in excellent
condition to the day of his death, and
he never made use of glasses. He was
in the active ministry for ninety-nine
years.-N. Y. Tribune.
WIT AND WISDOM.
-It is always best for a man to keep
his temper. No one else wants it.
N'ew Orleans Picayune.
-Rouser-What do they mean by
ladies' day at the club? Touser-It's
a chance twice a year to sober up.-N.
Y. World.
--Some people never accomplish
much because they step over a dozen
little duties in trying to find a big one.
-Ram's Horn.
-"Don't you worry about me," said
the debtor. "1 would rather owe you
the bill for a hundred years than cheat
you out of it."-Tit-Bits.
-Missed.-Friend-You'll be missed
if you leave the stage. De Ranter
That's the reason I'm going of. I'm
tired of being hit.-Town Topics.
-The Acme of Homeliness.-"I think
hMrs. F. is the homeliest woman I ever
saw. Why, she's homely enough to
stop a-a-" ' "Clock?" "No; a trolley
car."--1rooklyn Life.
-"I see," said one real-estate dealer
to another. "that you still have a va
cant house in your new row." "Yes,"
was the reply, "it is last, but not
leased. '-Washington Star.
-lie (Americanus)-What, you've
been here in Rome a fortnight and
haven't been to the Sistine Chapel yet?
She (Chicagoensis)-No. He-Care to
go? She-Yes, if it's high church.
Who's the rector, anyhow?-Harlem
SLife.
-Nothing Lacking.-Citizen -Great
place, this town of ours, ain't it? Trav
elers all seem to like it. Visitor (en
thusiastically)-I should say so! Why.
you've got eighteen lines of railroad
that a man can get away from it on!
Puck.
-One bold investigator, who doesn't
think too well of his landlady's table,
asserts that the original skeleton in
the closet was a boarder, who went
there resolved to get something to eat
and starved to death.-Philadelphia
Times.
-"They say" (end she dived into the
pockets of his clothes at 5 a.i m.) that
women (one, two, two-fifty, two seven
ty-fve, three, four, six) wouldn't make
good politicians (seven, eight, eight
thilrtyv-four), but I know better.-Cleve
land Plain Dealer.
-The caterpillar, on being converted
into an inert scaly mass, does not ap
pear to be fitting itself for an inhabit
nt of the air, and can have no con
soiousness of the brilliancy of its fu
ture being. We are masters of the
earth, but perhaps we are the slaves of
some great and tnknown being. The
fly that we crush with our finger or=
feed with our viands has no knowl
edge of man, and no eonscionsness of
his superiority. We suppose that wc
mare aquainted with matter and all its
elements; yet we can not even gues at
electricity, or explain the laws of the
formation of the stones that fall from
meteors. Therejnay be beings, think
ag beings, near or surrodndling uns
whiceh we do not perceive, which we
can uot imagine We know ery littlet
'tb psr tn 8w nsUts1
~gf~ii;a~~rip A i
"Dow's you," said. the summer bo~rder,
"someti'neenvy the oity people who come
here with notn to do bt recuperate
"No," lied Farmer Corntosel '-I
dunno I do. I swing the scythe tell I gi
right tired an' 'magine itlorn tennis; an' set
out on the front porch ter get bitby the
mersquiters of evenin's, an' manage tor
have bout as good a time as the est of
'em."-Washington Star.
lome Again I
After a brief absence the chOerul visitor
dybpepsia, returns again. Our traditional
mother-in-law is nothing to it. To prevent
repeated visits use Hostetter's Stomach Bit
ters. Also seek the aid of this comprehen
sive remedy for malaria, liver and kidney
trouble, debility and nervousness. Question
those who have been troubled with these
and kindred ailments. They will testify in
behalf of the Bitters.
Miss FoorTrru (petulantly)-"I don't see
why Dr. Thirdly wants to be always throw
Ing stumbling blocks in the way of those
who are striving for eminence in the the
atrical profession." Yeger-"What has he
been doing nowt" Miss Footlite--"Advo
eating the abolition of divorce laws"-Buf
falo Courier.
The True Laatlive Prinelple
Of the plants used in manufacturing the
pleasant remedy, Syrup of FLigs, has a per
manentlybeneflcial effect on the human sys
tem, while the cheap vegetable extracts and
mineral solutions, usually sold as medicines.
are permanently injurious. Being well in
formed, you will use the tree remedy only.
Manufactured by California Fig Syrup Co.
A iMA lately confined in a Scotch jail for
cattle-stealing, managed, with ive others
to break out on Sundauy, and, being captured
on one of the neighboring hills, he very
gravely remarked to the officer: "I might
have escaped, but I had conscientious scru
ples about traveling on Synday."-Tit-Bits.
GLrNsN' Sulphur Soap is a genuine rem
edy for Skin Diseases.
Hill's Hair and Whisker Dye, 50 cents.
"Sow. men," said Uncle Eben, "is so
soured on human nature dat when 'er friend
returns a borrowed umbrell' dey t'inks it
am a reflection on de umbrell's quality."
Washington Star.
Hal's Catsrrh Cure
Is a Constitutional Cure. Price 75c.
Wn'V--"What can I do to please my own
little hubby on his birthday to-morrow?"
lIubby-"Sell the piano."-truth.
CHILLINr9,
when other people feel warm
enough, isa si of bilious
ness, or of malarial poisons
-so is a furred or coated
tongne loss of "ppe ane
a dull, drowsy, debilated
feeling. It's yourliverthat'
at fault. You want to stim
Pellets. With ev trouble
of the Idd. lthese t-littls
things act lke a miracl.
You can breask up sudden
attacks of Colds, Fevers and Inflamma
ions, with them. They'll give you a -
nanent cure for In est on s on
Sour Stomach, Sick eadacme, and Dizzi
ness. They're the smallest, the pleasantest
to take, and the mast thoroughly natura
remedy.
You ought to be warned against the mai
treatment of Catarrh in the ead, with po
sonous, irritating nostrums. yT can't
cure it. They simply remove it-drive it
to the throat and lungs. For a thorouugh.
and complete cure of Catarrh, take D.
Sage's Catnrrh Remedy. -
SN SOAP WILL DO THE
WORK HALF SO WELL AS
CLAIRETTE 50AP
SOLD EVERYWHERE.
mADLE f I IDIPIC flhRfpAI Tfma
o NW YORK An old-fashioned way
i, MILES. cr of getting there. Slow and safe, but hard
work. Most women, have got beyond this kind
of traveling-found something better.
Now, why can't you look at that other old
fashioned proceeding in the same light
washing things with soap and hard rubbing
That's slow enough and tiresome enough
everybody knows, and it's not as safe
- as washing with Pearline. It's really
destructive, in fact, the wear of that
constant rubbing. Break a~way from
these antiquated ideas. Use modern
methods. Pearline saves at every
point.
Send Peddlers and some unscrupulous grocers will tell you "this is aod as"
or "the..same as Pearline." IT'S FALSE--Pesrline is never peddled,
i B aLc ld ai I rocer eMns you something in place of Pearline be
f REMOVAL SALE OF PIANOS AND ORAHNS.
Pri5oV to onrO n _ou r i nt tu t o ate?" buallwo sr isaooh ,Se
..e ..  otmew st hi-na, mug ni mirmn - al Orsull
THE POT INSULTED THE KETTrLE BEOAUSE
THE COOK HAD NOT USED.
SAPOLO I
• -P-f~ ll~;SY.,srlalt' .
, ,.
RSME 35115 't.i.
..iuldi Le a.S
Thws NouMA*RST4
ELOIN S O
.hih ahw b Wrottprosprlt asil ea soa thei d ltls
W hel. of this Veuab Iw o aptt O 4¶-3l
pp lcea oniondly s ted idd. e-C d moe
oo own o -t AO eldi'asa R. LU 1N_. '
WINE OP GARU
eaFor FiateDiseases.
KoKoT lu
Pepsin
Chewing Cum
OURES
100 LONO PIECEOS FOR $1.00.
soN. COLEr AN. anasassePW. TSN .
CenmuassWtres and aeople
who have weak tungs or Aath*
ms. should eoe Fijo' Cre f0or
Consumption. It has med
sbeausuu. Itbab not lmii
ed ofn It tenat bal to tale.
lt the bestcough rrup.
Sold everywhere. Se.
A. N. K., F. 1517
WHEN WIUTING TO ADVERTISEA PLEAsU
state that sea saw the Advcrtiiat La t his
lameo. -