LAFAYETTE GAZETTE.
DLM*E I. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 1893. NUMBER 35.
• ~ ~ ~ ~ . . . ulnu nun. nn .. IuIn nn unm mna n nnn|n u nnum uua nnuu
A WOMAN'S .PPO -
Just where it is one never knows.
Beneath the folds It never shows;
Above, below, before, behind,
A puzzle to the human mind!
Man never knows his helplessness -
Until he tries in woman's dross
To An4 the pocket.
'Twas sooner found in early days
Before they had the polonaise!
Dressmakers now are sore perplexed
To know just where to hide it next!
In these hard-times of eganty purse
TsINerd to find the dress-But worse
To find the pocket.
A fact by husbands too well known,
She finds his pocket; while her own
Is so concealed about her dress
It long since oolost its usefulness.
She hears her purse now in her hand
Beeus8e.nevei n command
-lI4t iden pocket.
lie's new so matrlmonial cares
Who voluntdirs to run upstairs
sAmd fetch a trifle, more or less,
`His bride left in some other dress!
Believe me, nature ne'er designed
That.mortal man should ever find
- A woman's pocket.
Hte opens. de the closet door;
Each hook so full of robes galore,
That ere be finds the proper gown
Each dress in turn has tumbled down.
Into the placket hole at back
Ilo thrusts his arm; alas! alacn
'Tis not the pocket.
Nto drags itout in his despair
And spreads it o'er an easy-chair
BHe lifts up each tuck and fold and seam,
Walks round and round as in a dream;
He's much too good a man to swear,
Att undevoutly wonders where
S' he keeps that pocket.
Hio grabs it up, and rushing down
Upon her lap tosses the gown.
"In truth you are 'the better half'
if you can find-why do you laugh?" t
"I laugh because you've brought me here
A petticoat, my hubby dear,
To find the pocket."
-Berkshire Courier.
[CLopyrightJýl83,by
" " the Author.] s
SI / " HE Grant fam- d
- _ ily had rented
6 a furnished a i
cottage for the ce
Sj) season at a
Sfashionable rc- ft
sort, and were
included in the
list of guests invited to the hops at the
neighboring hotels. One morning at ir
breakfast they discussed the last invi
tation with their father, who was a
rather opposed to what he called tc
"mixed gatherings."
However, Mrs. Grant had provided
her daughters with evening dresses.
had remembered how she had loved
dancing in her youth. She would
chaperone them and be very cautious
about introductions. So their father
reluctantly ebnsented to their going,
and their dresses next absorbed them.
T'he night was perfect, and the ball
room at the Tremont presented a
charming scene when they entered it.
The girls soon discovered friends in
the many groups, and their cards rap
idly filled. Both became interested in
a tall, slight young man, who wore a
badge and seemed quite ubiquitous,
managing everything and everybody.
"He dances beautifully," said Belle
Grant to her partner, who was de
cidedly awkward. Ill
" No wonder. He has lots of prac
tice," said Mr. Felter. " le really a
starts all these festivities for the sake su
of having a dance. Can't I present
him? lie is really charming, talks as
well as he dances, and sings exquis
itely." Li
Lillian Grant laughed at her own
partner's seriousness, but just then the
good dancer approached them. Felter or
presented him, and he chatted easily
about the success of the evening, Ile do
was on the floor committee, and was att
apparently overwhelmed with affairs; in;
but he managed to put his name on (Ie
each sister's card, and they agreed an
afterward that his was the best dance
of the night. They described him to Be
their mother, wondered if they would fin
meet him soon again, and really spent wi
a great deal of time thinking and talk
ing of his many attractions. fol
Several days afterward the coal sup- fid
ply gave out and Mr. Grant wrote on a
postal card an order for several tons
and dropped it in the box at the post thi
office.
That afternoon the girls were seated
on the porch, sewing for a fair to be ob]
held at a neighboring house, when they sul
noticed a large wagon entering the urc
drive. It was filled with coal and sui
drawn by spirited horses. Their driver all
idropping her work in amazement
"1Vhat does he mean?"
ned thinks that the proper thing," said
er the work is done here"t
"The man had driven close to a cellar h
was shoveling the coal into it with a
quiae intieresting, while the rattling wa
. was thatedea. )He wore blue tar
.- .e -,- had -..ven :- ose _. a t
overalls, and his hat shaded his fea.
tures; but as he drove away the sisters
stared at each other incredulously.
"Why, that's Mr. Gordon!" cried
Belle.
"I really believe it is!" said Lillian.
"What on earth is he?"
"Why, a coal-man, of coarse."
"Will you tell father?" s
"Indeed, I will not! He'll. say it e
serves us right, going to public balls t
and meeting all sorts and conditions of e
men. We'll simply have to cut him." t
"Such a dancer, too! I never had h
such a waltz!"
"What could have possessed Mr. Fel- t
ter to introduce him?" c
"Spirit of American equality, no a
doubt. Whenever we see a coal-cart. c:
we'll have to avoid it!"
"Dear me, he'll be back with another ft
ton as soon as possible." 81
"NVell, he'll not see me!" Lillian uv
sprang to her feet, seized her work and ti
disappeared. Belle remained in her low le
chair and calmly put in her stitches. s8
"Pshaw!" she reflected. "We must ci
be mistaken. It is a strange likeness, tI
nothing more." p
She was absorbed in a rosebud when B
the mingled sounds of a child scream- re
ing and horses wildly prancing startled to
her. The scene made her heart throb et
wildly. Her small brother, a mischiev- oi
ous elf of six years, had fallen in front in
of the coming coal-cart, and its driver pi
was pulling back the frightened strug- ht
gling animals. The terrified child did ti
not move. Belle recovered her senses, qi
ran down the steps, and picked up the of
little man, setting him on his feet in rli
the lawn grass. tii
"Bravo! Miss Grant!" cried a familiar he
voice, and she raised her eyes to meet hi
Gordon's. "That was a close calll The w'
yodlgster isn't hurt?" a
"Oh! no, thanks to you, Mr. Gordon." co
"Keep him in the house till I get .m,
through here. lie started the horses I1
with-his pranks." th
"You're not a bit nice, Fred." She pl
shook her head at the little culprit, pi
huggedhimand led him into the house. an
The whole family had assembled, and m,
Lillian, in her agitation, forgot her so
prudence. on
y "It is Mr. Gordon, Belle. I heardhim St
speaking to you." fo,
"Mr. Gordon?" cried Mrs. Grant. "] ai
n- didn't see Mr. Gordon."
"Well, you can see him now," said he
d Belle, courteously. "He's putting the mI
te coal in."
a "Oh, I thought you meant the young 5a]
C- fellow that you met at the hop."
e "S I do, mother. lie's a coal-man."
1e "Nonsense!"
"e "And he kept the horses from crush- ad
it ing Fred's little body." co'
i "'What are you all talking about?' los
IS asked Mr. Grant. So they all explaineci he'
d together. arc
"'So you've been waltzing about with an,
d the
d A me
a s c - frit
on t nine rtanosrvd hut
he
t i in h
goth
TE LCART. COn
V a coal-man. Haven't I told you the re
e sult of these mixed gatherings?" Tli
t "But he waltzes so well," said Belle. see
S "Hle puts in coal very wiell, too." to
"Mr. Felter introduced him," cried tioh
Lillian. "Have it out with him." wai l
"1I intend to."' age
"If lie is a specimen coal-man, the ani
E order is very nice," said Belle. 'Th
' That evening the girls met Mr. Gor- by
don at a dinner party, and observed the cin
attention and interest that le com
nandled lwhen conversing. It was evi
dent that hlie had traveled extensively, A
and had met ivth strange adventures. to
"iHe is quite a mysterious aperson,
first opportunity. "I'apa is quite irate gais
with you." of V
They were partners in the dance that surr
followed the dinner and could talk con- five
fidentially. all n
"Horow so?" and
"Why, your friend came to our house wvea
this morning and put in coal." ily :
Felter laughed out. give
"Oh! he is very independent. lie is of
obliged to live in the open air-the re- basi
sult of over-study. He combines pleas- ,
ure with profit, and as- this climate is a
suits him, he sells coal and, stays here the
all the year round. However, lie is tent
rapidly recovering, and no doubt will Red
resume his profession very soon. Sam o
Gordon is a brilliant scholar, and a gen- Plan
tleman." Cost
"And a dancer." (;ilnl
"I see fhim coming this way.y" Haul
"Yes, I promised him this waltz." Irl
eA Piece tof Lanol Too
Is orth on the Strand, in London, 1 1
$27,500 for twelve-foot frontage, or not half
quite $2,800 a foot. pout
On the corner of Fifth avenue and POu
Fifty-seventh street, $,000 a front foot doellr
-perhaps more now: that's what Hunt- and
ington paid wonner. five
On lower Broadway, in corner plots, Rark
*15,000 to $20,000 per front foot.
Corner of WZp1 and Broad streets A
can't be had a any price. ferti
On Long Island, far from railroads, This
15 per acre. comi
On government land eighty acres for inst
nothing. tilize
In most of the South American re- Incre
publics a big farm for nothing and a due'
bounty for settling on it. -Philadel- are a
phia Record. conl'
-Uncle Jack returns from a long Invet
walk, and, being somewhat thirsty, tre
drinks from a tumbler he finds on the
table. Enters his little niece, Alice, clovr
who instantly sets up a cry of despair.
Uncle Jack - "What's the matterlong
IAllie?" Alice (weeping) - "You've hi 1ll
crinked up my aquarium, anul you've
swallowed my free pollywogs."--Hnar- evctrs
vard Lasspoon.
FARMER AND PLANTER
e HEDGES IN THE SOUTH.
How to Grow Quitekly a Well-Wigh Per
fect Hedge.
A well-nigh perfect hedge can be
quickly grown, and with but little
skill, pains or labor, on nearly any sort
it of soil in the cotton latitude, by put
Ils ting out alternately plants of the pyra
of cantha and Macartney rose. Either of
these alone makes a very good hedge
ad here; but the former does not hug the
ground quite close enough, and the Int
i1- ter is rather too sprawling unless spe
cial attention is given !to pruning
o0 and training. They, however, pre
't. cisely supplement tone another
when planted alternately, say a
er foot apart, the pyraeantha giving a
sturdy support to the Macartney,
In which compactly fills all the gaps that
id the pyracantha growing alone would
W leave. The rose is a little liable to
spread unduly by self-layering, but
st can be kept in bounds without much
s, trouble. Pruning for any other pur
pose is scarcely ever required, if at all.
'n Both of the above-named plants grow
n- readily from cuttings, though it is bet
d ter to plant either rooted lay
b ers from an old hedge, or
t' one - year rooted plants started
it in nursery. Of course, good
,r preparation of the ground for the
P hedgerow is advisable, and some cul- 1
*d tivation and manuring will he re
4 quired, but less than in the case of any
'E of the other hedge 'plants. Perhaps a.
a rhinoceros might attempt a second
time to go through a well-established
Jr hedge of the sort mentioned, but I
t hardly think thin h ayting would. liut
e while I would never think of growing
a hedge of any other kind, it is with 1
considerable reservation that I recom
t mended even this style of hedge fence.
3 I have a great deal of it on my place
that I am making no use of, sim
c ply because, owing to change in my
' plans, it is where I now do not want
any fence. And a useless hedge is not c
I merely useless, but is, for obvious rea
r sons, considerable of a nuisance, and
one that is not readily gotten rid of.
Still. for a fence along a public road. 1
for the inclosing of a large body of
I land, and especially for protecting an c
orchard against marauders, a good f
hedge may, upon the whole, be in p
many instances the best fence to have.
--.1. W. .Matthewvs, Arkansas, it Ameri
'san Gardening.
The Cow Lost Her Cud. ib
A few days ago a neighbor asked nmy t
advice as to the treatment of a favorite a
cow, which he said was sick and "-had p
lost her cud." When asked to describe a
her symptoms he said she lay moping ti
around with her nose on the ground a
and did not chew her cud. I suggested p
the administration of a pint of raw lin- t
seed oil, or if that was not at hand. ti
melted lard, as it was most probably ;a
case of indigestion. IBut, he said. "she o
had lost her cud, and she must get an- a
other before she can get well." I agreed u
with him. "Then." he inquired. "'how b
can I malke her a cud and get it into sc
her?" It then dawned upon me that my S
friend considered the cud a part of. the tl
cow's anatomy or working machinery, vi
and it took some time to persuade it
him that such is not the case. Finally et
he went home, acted on my advice, and it
in a few hours found that the cow had w
got another cud. For the benefit of
others I may state that "a cud" is a
portion of food that has been swal- tl
lowed and deposited in the first stom
ach. When the animal is resting it e1
conveys this partially masticated food
backc to the mouth in small wads. t
Tius is called ",the cud" and can be
seen travelinig up and down the gullet li
to and from the mouth. When the ac
tion of the Mtomach is sunsended from c
wantof food or indigestion., this pass- a
age of the cud is interrupted, and the
animal is said to have "lost its cud."
The trouble can generally be remedied
by giving fffid or a little simple medi- rc
cine.-l)rovers' Journal. gc
pl
An Experiment in Cotton. ai
A farmer should know wvhat it. costs tr
to make a crop and then he should w
know how much it, is worth. and lal- th
ance accounts, and if lie finds he has bl
gained he should still pursue his course pr
of work; but if he has lost, lie should Fl
surely change his plans. I am fifty
five years old and have been farming
all my life except four years of war.
and 1 have been successful, not as to it
wealth, but I have raised a large famin- ii
ily and have made a fair living. 1 will
give you a detail of the real experience
of making one acre of cotton on the
basis of a whole farm, and on the or- no
dinary plan of farming, as I see there an
is a wide' difference of opinion as to n
the cost of making cotton. HIere it is:
Rent of land .................... ......$ 30, y
BedPlan with three furrow.. ...
Re-ked with three furrows ................ . fl
Pole oi.. ... an
unltiva te ................... ... 0 tO
Pittim .p.. .. th. .
...arketi. . ................. . as
Total expense............................15 o set
I base theu handling of cotton on a
half bale per acre. If you sell 250 fom
pounds of cotton at five cents per in1
pound, and the seed at a basis of nine pre
dollars per ton, you will have $14.7'. sto
and yon see we can not make cotton at to
five cents.--.. I. Jordan, in Farm and
IRadlch.
Nitrogen and Nitrogen-Gatherers. Crc
A few words in regard to nitrogen in ca
fertilizers will not be out of place. grc
This is the most costly constituent of pre
commercial fertilizers; and, in many by
instances, the increased cost of the fer
tilizer will balance or even exceed the hem
increase in the proceeds from the crop, in
due to the nitrogen. Fortunately, we an
are not obliged to rely entirely upon co
commercial fertilizers for our supplyof ye
nitrogen to enrich our soils. Recent gr
investigations have proved that cr
tihe class of plants called "legu- wv
minous plants," to which the
clovers, peas, beans, etc., be- ma
long, have the power of deriving from one
the air a part of the nitrogen required far
in the'r growth. For this reason thevy lie
are sometimes called "nitrogen-gatlt- vat
ercras." 'This fact helps to explain why die
R clover fs'so valuable in restoring and
enriching poor soils. If we fertilize
our crop of clover liberally with potash
and moderately with phosiha tes we
have there the means of enriching our.
er soil in all these "essential ingredients"
be of fertilizers. Thisis a very important
tie principle in the use of fertilizers, and
art is in accordance with the long-estab
ut- lished practice.--Bulletin No. 4( Ky.
ra- Ex. station.
Of I Farming for a Living.
ge Secretary Morton reminds the croak
he ers that only about 3 per cent. of all
nt- the merchants escape failure, ~vhereas
pe- hardly 3 per cent. of the farmers fail.
ng The statistics really show that agri
re- culture is'safer than banking, manu
mer facturing or railroading. taking all
a things into account. There is no farmer
a of good sense and good health any
sy, where in the west, Mr. Morton declares,
,at who can not make a good living for
ild himself and family, and that is
to as well as the majority of men
'ut are doing in any other pursuit. The
ch man who owns a farm and sticks to it
ir- is certain to profit by it in the future.
11. There is practically no more land to be
ow added to the area of cultivation. The
!t- supply of agricultural products has
y- reached its limit in the United States,
or and must now remain stationary, while
ed the demand will go on increasing every
ad year. This implies a gradual imaprove
lie ment in prices, and 'a steady apprecia
,l- tion of the value of farming lands.
.e- Farmers' l[omle Journal.
1I Sheep as Debt Payers.
V When I first commenced farming on
id my own account I went heavily in dibt
--34,000---for a farm. I had about
thirty sheep. I took eighty more for
Lt two years. giving one pound of wool
ig per.head antd returning the same nuin
bh ber at the expiration of the lease. The
n- sheep were fair-grade AMerinos, yield
C. ing about five pounds wool per head.
3C I bought a high-priced ram each
n- of the two years. I raised about
13' one hundred lambs. When they were 1
it sheared they gave me an average of
t over seven pounds of wool per head,the
next cross gave inc between eight and
nine pounds per head. At the end of
f. six years I had my farm paid for and
. had a flock of sheep that could carry
f off the lion's share of the prizes at our
n county fair. It was in 1862 when I
d first commencncd.-Allegheny County,
n N.Y.
Streaks in Butter.
Streaks in butter are often seen, even t
after unusunl care in the cream has
been taken and preparation of the biut
y ter itself, which mistify and discour
e age the butter makers, whose efforts to t
d produce a superior artical are earnest
e anl sincere, says an exchange. The
g trouble arises from the dissolving salt,
d after the butter has been printed andi
d packed, and may he revived by a second
t- working over, six or eight hours afte!
I. the salt has been introduced. To thos Im
a who have not tried it the amnoun n
e of water expeled from the butter, thai
,- appeared perfectly dry at the fir:d4.
l working, will be a surprise. and th s
v butter will present a uniforum color an.I
n solid appearance not befr.re :appareit.,
y Salting with brine in the churn, while
e the butter is in the granular form, ob
viates the difficulty in some degree. but
e it is not possible to avoid the streaky
v condition altogether by hurried pack
1 ing and dispensing with the second
I working.-- airy WVorld.
Itailing Chlestuats for Food.
At the suggestion of the national au.
thorities, who believe that. chestnuts r
can be profitably raised as an article i,
] of food. several farmers of ;lerkcs coun-t
cultivatitn of the fruit. One farmer ti
has thirty acres in almost hearing con- a
dition. and he believes they will he- o
come as popular in a few years as an r
article of diet as either wheat or corn.
S-1Phi;adel phia Tinmes.
lRoaster Pigs for Profit. t
It is often the ease that pigs fit for o0
roasting. especially when there is a w
good demand for them, clear more b
profit to the own:er than they will at
any later period. This is especially in
true of fall pigs which are hard to st
I winter without stunting them. Crowd 11i
the pigs for roasters all that is possi- vI
ble. The better they are the larger
price they will bring per pound.- i
l"armters' Ilome Journal. ri
HERE AND THERE. V
so
-The sooner cotton is gathered a.fter
it opens the better the staple, and the "
higher the price. Therefore when am
boll opens. go out and get it. in
-Sheep intended for mutton should tl
not he permitted to "take their ul
chances." hIush them from the first, t
and market early. th
-No farmer should neglect to sow th
rye, oats or barley for hog pasture. tn
less lie be one who has no hogs. Then ip
and in that case he should rquit farming ti
and take up politics. r
-The farmer vwho closely calculates de
the least amount of feed he can get his iv
stock through the winter with, on a fo
tight squeeze. will himself be squeezed m
as tightly as his stock when thle final c
settlement is made. ]li
-DIistemper is prevailing among
foals in many sections. When suffer- th
ing from it care should be taken to an
prevent exposure to showers and rain a
storms. A little neglect is pretty sure fri
to prove expensive economy. be
--Hleavy fertilizing operates in two ca
ways to defeat drought: it hIirrit's the I
crop to matturity before thie droughlt tir
can do its work, and it causes a heavy mi
growth that shades the ground and in
prevents to some extent 'evaporation tel
by heat. it.
-If rotation is good for politicalthi
health, it is eqlually necessary in farm- tht
ing. for the prosperity of the farmer w
and the stability of the farm. When som
cotton has cumbered thq ground for a an
year, "turn the rascal out" and try Ste
grain there and similarly with the oth
er crops. Let rotation be the vwatch
word.
--A large majority of farmers can Io
make more on a fifty-acre farm than
one containing the traditional 200. No rei
farmner should pay taxes on land that
hle hhs no use for, nor attempt to cillti
rate mnore than lie can thoroughly lhalt
die in the most unfavorable sonditiona.
ad HREADERS AND NON-READERS.
ze
SBright People of the World Who Have
Very Little Book-Knowledge.
ve Certainly there are plenty of people, I'
men and women, who are exceedingly
', intelligent, and this not in any limited
lt direction, who never read, who know
s nothing about books, and who could
not gain from them any appreciable
" addition to their brightness. They
have thought, and they can talk. They
observe, as a rule, much more closely
Ic- than the readers, who are apt either to
i11 be preoccupied, or to be mentally "dis
as sipated"-there is no other word-and
ii. think, when they think, in a more
ri- original way, or rather, as that word
u- has now a conventional meaning, in
111 a way which is less obscured by the
er influence of "'the common-sense of '
v- most." 1
as, Their thoughts, poor or perfect, are
,r at least their own, and are strong "
is thoughts. They lack width usually,
un though not always; for intercourse '
re with readers has much of the effect of !
it reading; but they have a certain di
e. rectness and tenacity as to the point
)e at issue. They are apt, too, to have
1e humor, the incongruities of things
is striking them even more than they
s, strike readers-how much had Burns I
le read?-and humor of the peculiar kind t
'y which we define rather indefinitely by
e- the word "raciness," thati flavor, thel
a- trace of the onion which n imates the I
- salad. In talking, it is said, they are
deficient; but that is often only be
cause they are in presence of f
n persons whose knowledge of books I
t they dread, or because they be- c
it long to the classes or racesl
- for there are both-to whom the
1 privilege of talking easily has not been
. given. There are women among us I
e who never read, and talk excellently i
well-there were scores of them in t
L France just before the revolution-and q
h then who talk as only chiefs of profes- t
it sions can, but who have never seen a a
book since they were at college. In- f
deed, we believe that if the literary s
would inquire, they would be rather d
d startled at the number of the latter. c
I There are not only the scores of able men ii
d who have no time for reading, but other I
y scores in every profession to whom
r reading is very like an impossibility. fI
They can not do it any more than a o
reading man can get through "Sis; b
mondi" or "The WVanderer." ci
There is a literary'assumption current; a
now indeed crystalizing into an axioms S
n that all able men with the time can.
read books, and that if they do not, it
is the fault of the newspapers, & the o
novels, or congenital perversity; but d
t the assumption is totally unfounded. r,
Numbers of men of keen intelligence b
Ssimply can not read, and never open a p
book, and neither suffer for the defi- w
ciency nor find it suspected by the
world. There was plenty of intelli- ft
gence before printing and before man- hi
uscripts became accessible to any but at
the wealthy. In Asia, outside theolo- m
Sgy, all ability is independent of book- w
knowledge; and the statesmen who a,
never read are infinitely more intelli- al
gent that the liaboos who kill their ti
original thieking-power by studying M
the books of a foreign people.-London fo
Spectator. `
LOYAL MOORS. r
Belief in the ,"Divine Ri]ghto of the Sutltan
or Morocco.
"I am the caliph of the Lord: I am ri
the captain and commander of the TI
Faithful,the chosen one of the Plrophet: ri
I am the King of kings: I am a Prince a
in paradise: then obey me without a se
murmur, as my camels do." hi
This is the magnificent pretension of sh
the sultan of Morocco, and it is gener- tl
ally allowed. It is refreshing to find a be
country where not only has the divine at
right never been contested, but where m
as yet it has not even been questioned. w
Now and again a pretender to the or
throne has turned up. and the annals A:
of Morocco are red with stories of civil
wars. But the pretender has never
been a revolutionist: he has always
based his contention upon having a
more divine right, and the alleged pos
session of a more generous and directt
flow of the blood of the prophet in his
veins. no
The loyalty of the people toward the
monarch partakes of the nature of ado- Ao
ration. When the battle is fought and of
won, and the soldiers who have fallen
sorely wounded are brought off the an
field and placed in a circle around the le
white pavilion in which the mysterious loi
monarch leves, as unapproachable and
invisible in his camp as in his court., k
then, it is said. the dread sultan walks of
up and down among them, smniling
with silent pity upon their agony; and an
they, the poor ignorant Kabyle:; of the
valleys, and the nomad horsemen from dry
the desert, cry out until the cries give as
place to the rattle of death. "Allah eel
ibarLk amer Seedna" ("God prolong the frc
lays of our Lord"). And this too is the po
cry of the malefactor as hlie goes toward
death or mutilation, and these are the o
words of the disgracedvizir who, when
for purposes of political necessity he vi
must disappear or be effaced, takes the or
cup of poisoned tea from the hands of pri
his gracious sultan. the
The mantle of the Prophet of MIedina bri
that he wears must indeed be broad an
and ample, for it iscalled upon to cover i
a multitude of sins-that is, viewed i-l
from our standpoint-but the Moors
believe that, try as hlie may, thie sultan
can do no wrong. lie is like the saint J
I saw in Tangier who spends his entire voa
time in drinking gin and whisky. One wa
might think that this saint was drink- wa
ing an undue quantity of strong wa- bri
ters, but such is not the case: at least fel
it has never appeared to the MIoors in ful
this light, for he is such a holy man, ih
they say, that the moment the strong th
waters came in contact with his per- the
son they lose all their fiery qualities, fri
and become innocent mare's milk.--- ma
Stephen Bonsai, in Century. mi
Ready for HIs Name, mu
"Who is this coming?" asked thle mi
hotel clerk. is t
"That's another East Indian prince," tro
replied the porter. bri
"Front!" suf
"Yes, sir." to
"Bring in the double-width register." vom
-Washington Star. ing
D. DOMESTIC CONCERNS.
--Sauce for Fish: Scrape fine the
yolks of two hard-boiled eggs, add pep
per, salt, mustard, three tablespoonfuls
each of salad oil and of vinegar and
one of tomato catsup.-Housekceper.
d -Chicken Mince Pie: Chop meat fine
Sfrom boiled fowl. Put layer in dish,
cover with sliced chicken liver. Add
rest of fowl, with butter and seasoning,
v then rich broth and crust, and bake.
,G°ood housekeeping.
-Potatoes and Egg: Put alump of
butter into a frying-pan; when it boils,
brown in it a finely chopped small
d onion. Cut some cold boiled potatoes
a into slices, put them into the pan, pour
e over them the well-beaten yolks of two
f eggs, add pepper and salt; fry a golden
brown on both sides.-N. Y. Times.
c -Chopped Tomato Pickle: Add to
eight poundsof chopped green tomatoes.
well drained, a scant half teacupful of
e salt and four pounds of brown sugar.
,f Let this boil two hours, then add a
quart of vinegar, half a tablespoonful
t of ground cloves, and one of ground
a cinnamon. loil fifteen minutes, and
s can.-Farm, Field and Fireside.
-Preserved Greengages: Allow one
s pound of sugar and a teacup of water
, to each pound of fruit, halved and
. stoned. Boil the syrup ten minutes be
a fore putting the plums in, skim, and
r then boil all together till tender. Take
e from fire, and let stand overnight.
The next day boil up again, adding a
f few of the blanched kernels taken
from the stones. Pack the fruit in
- cans, pour over the syrup, and seal.
Harper's Bazar.
-Fried Cucumbers: Cucum rs' ar
t good in any form, but they are.par ieu
i larly delicious prepared in the folTow
- ing manner. Pare and cut the cucem
bers lengthwise in sflces about one
I quarter of an inch thick. Cut off the
tough white part on the outside pieces,
and soak in eoleywatcr, slightly salted,
for one hour. Wipe dry, sprinkle each
slice with a little salt and pepper,
dust with flour and roll in sifted bread
crumbs, or dip in beaten egg and then
in crumbs. Fry in hot butter.--loston
Budret.
-Household News gives this recipe
for French Crullers: Put a half pint
of water and two ounces of flour on to
boll. When bdtling add hastily one
cnp, oi1 fou, ounces, of flour. heat a
mo int. until like smooth dough.
Stand aside to cool. When cool add
hree eggs, one at a time, unbeaten,
eating'each time until the egg.is thor
oughly blended. Roll out, cut same as 1
doughnuts, and fry in smoking-hot fat;
roll thin, using as littld flour as possi- E
ble. As soon as fried, roll each in
powdered sugar. These are delicious c
when fresh. I
-Allemande: Melt a good tablespoon- S
ful of butter with one of flour and add f
half a pint of white stock, salt, pepper, 5
and a dash of grated lemon peel; sim- c
mer for ten minutes and stir mean
while: add a half pint of milk or cream a
and the yolk of one egg. Do not boil s
after the egg has been added. Finish a
the seasoning with a little lemon juice. y
Many cOols use the yolks of three eggs
for this quantity, but it is rich enough d
with one. The broth can be made u
from the merest trifle of chicken or
veal bones or trimmings.-Country 3
Gentlemlan. t
-Cucumbers Stuffed: The large, V
ripe cucunmbers need not go to waste. e
They make most delicious dishes if ti
rightly cooked. Peel two or mor e, cut I
a slit in one side and scoop out the t4
seeds with a small spoon, fill with any I
kind of bread or meat stuffing and tie
shut. Line a saucepan with slices of it
thin bacon and beef, lay on the encum- e]
hers, cover with more meat and bacon b
and then with stock or water and sim- IN
mer an hour or until all are tender. If l1
water is used add two young carrots, 31
one turnip, an onion and soup herbs.- d
American Agricultun li.st. g
FROCKS FOR SMALL GIRLS. tl
Everything Rather MNonotonous Now, But
Simplicity Prevails.
Fashions for lmarger children follow '
the wake of their elders. and there is (
noticeable the samen dearth of origin- t
ality at the present time. both in ward- fr
robes large and wa-rdrobes small.
Among the prettiest things is a revival P
of the English fashion of low-cut necks .
and short sleeves. It is said to be more
heathful and is certainly very sweet to A
look upon. Biesides, so little variation
is required, as a short waist and a full
skirt comprise the entire frock. The o°
little English dress in the illustrations t
of to-day has a draped effect in front it
and a liertha of lace drawn in with fr
baby ribbon at the neck. The empire Pi
dress, which is going out of style just tc
as everybody knows how to make it, is of
certainly very pretty for little girls in
from three to six years of age. Cre- ly
ponette is nice material to use, with :L bt
bow of wide ribbon at the back of the sli
yolke and ends falling to the hem. to
More becoming yet are the round- m
waisted frocks trimmedt with a bertha
or draped revers and a long sash. A st
pretty dress for a girl of twelve or
thereabouts is of mauve spotted cam- N
bric trimmed with narrow white braid fr
and ra full vest of white nainnook hi
tucked very tinely at the neck and fin- in
isihed with straps and bows of ribbon. m
-Chicago Post.
(iiling Pleat ute. jo
A little thought wtill show how vastly fo
your own happiness depends oi the
way other people bear themnselves to- tith
ward you. The looks and tones at your
brealkfast table, the conduct of your b,
follow-workers or employes, the faith
ful or unreliable men you deal with, of
what people say to you on the street,
the wa-y y-our cook and housemaid do si
their work, the letters you get, the
friends or foes you meet-these things m.
make up very much of the pleasure or
misery of the day. Turn the idea of
around, and remember that just so at
much are you adding to the pleasure or a
misery of other people's days. And this
is the half of the matter you can con- bc
trol. Whether any particular day shall I
bring to you more of happiness or of m:
suffering is largely beyond your power j tb
to determlnlue. WVhether each day of iwm
your life shall glive happiness or suffer-r
ing rests with yourselL--1h. Y. Weekiy. g
PI -Whe H AND POINT.
S -Vhen the goat tackled the ear _ oet
-. dynamite, you ought to have seen th
la butter fly.
id -Every time a wise man make. a
mistake it teaches him something.
le Ram's Horn.
t, --Do not put off upon others advice
Ld that you are unable to keep for your
, own use.---Galveston News.
--The individual who does things ac
cording to his own sweet will generally
>f has a very sour won't.-Puck.
s, -The great difficulty about common
11 sense is that it is so tremendqusly
as scarce that it isn't common.-Texas
ir Siftings.
'o -"If I should ask you to lend me
n five pounds, what would happen?"
Prospective Victim (tersely)-"O, noth
o ing."-Tit-Bits.
4. --Man generally falls because he is
>f an egotistical fool; and the woman who
r. falls is the one that hasbelieved in him.
a -Rest Islander.
ii -Perpetual pushing and assurance
d put a diiliculty out of countenance,and
d make a seeming impossibility give
way.-Jeremy Collier.
e -Ile (from New York)-"Vas it you
r I heard singing 'After the Ball' this
d evening?" She (from Philadelphia)
"After what ball?"-Life.
d -"There's a curious state of things
C in our church choir." "W~hat is it?"
t' "The members are all at peace with
a each other."-N. Y. Press.
a -"'Brown has the job he was after
plenty of light work." "\Vhat's he do
'ag?" "Attending motors at the elec
tric plant."-Atlanta Constitution.
-"''ow, Walter, -swhat did you say
to Mr. Blenton for the nice peaches he
sent you?" WValter-"I said I wish he'd
send free stones next time."-lnter
Ocean.
--You can't always tell by listening
to a man while he prays at Friday
evening meeting just what he will do
in a horse trade Saturday afternoon.
Somerville Journal.
-The Debutante (aside)-"How
many verses shall I sing?" The Pro
tessor-"Do you want an encore?" The
Debutante-"Of course." The P;ofes
sor-"One."-Boston Budget.
-Very Appropriate.-WVillie-"You
say you presented Squib, the humorist,
with a cane?" Iill--"Yes." Will
What kind of wood was it made of?"
Bill-"Chestnut."-Yankee Blade.
-Double-Leaded- 'You're a nice
type of a man." said Jones, as he
plugged the burglar with a couple of
balls. "Double-leaded type," said the
expiring thug.-Arkansas Traveler.
-Mistaken Kindness.-Jack-" Hello,
old man! Awfully glad to see you.
Here, take off that coat and put on this
smoking-jacket and mnake yourself com
fortable." Dick-"Deuce take it! Do
you mean to insinuate that I don't feel
comfortable in a dress suit?"-Truth.
-=Mandy-"Here, .Josiah, is a drug
store; now let us go in an' get them
souvenir spoons we've read so much
about." Josiah-="Gracious. Mandy,
you won't find 'em here, will you?"
Mandy--'"Josiah. I know what I'm a
doin'; didn't I see in a paper that they
was a drug in the market?"
-Artless Tommy. - Tommy-"Say,
Mr. Yabsley, sister Laura said at the
table this morning that she thought
you had the prettiest mustache she
ever saw." Yabsley--"You oughtn't
to tell things you hear at the table,
Tommy." Tommy-"But she is going
to give me a dime for telling you."
Indianapolis .Journal.
-The Fizzletop children were play
ing with their toys. "Johnny, you are
spoiling the whole game. You are the
biggest donkey I ever saw," said little
-Mamie. Colonel Fizzletop (reproving
ly)--"\Vhv Mamic, I am surprised."
IMamie (indignantly)-"WVhy, pa, I
didn't mean you. You ain't the big
gest donkey I ever saw:"
-Lawyerm-"And now please state
the remainder g the conversation be
tween you and the defendant " Wit
ness-"I do not remember it, sir." The
substance of it escapes me." Lawyer
(witheringly)-·"Never mind the sub
stance of it. Tell us the words, and I
fancy the jury will have the intelli
gence to get at 'the substance."-Har
per's Ba zar.
HAD A SHINE ALL AROUND.
A Bootblack Knows a Kind Man When He
Sees One.
The Italian boys whose familiar cry
of "Shine, boss?" is heard on all the
f rryloats, are sometimes very clever
in their methods of extending the
trade. A well-dressed, middle-aged,
prosperous-looking man boarded a
South Brooklyn boat for New York
one afternoon lately, his shoes display
ing a variegated assortment of Brook
lyn dirt and dust. He nodded to a
bootblack who regarded his customer's
shoes critically, observed that the cas
tomer was a good-natured-looking
man, and said persuasively:
"Catcha da plenta mud, boss. Dis-a
shine ten-a cent. Eh?"
The customer said all right. A little
boy. five or six years old, edged a-y
from a sister twice his age, who had
him in charge, and watched the shin
ing operation with great interest. T'he
man was evidently interested in the
boy. and the bootblack noted that in
stantly. \Vhen the bootblack's first
job was finished the man and boy had
formed a very friendly acqrlaintance.
"Let me give-a da boydashine," said
the bootblack.
This pleased the man and amusedthe
boy.
"Now. who is your mother?" was one
of the questions of the boy.
"His mother is dead, sir," said the
sister.
"Ah, poor little chap!" exclaimed the, °
The bootblack regarded the girl out .4
of the corners of hiseyes, gave a glanoe. "i'
at the man, finished the boy's shine.
and said:
"Let-a me give-a da lady dra shine,
boss?"
"Certainly, certainlyl'" exelaimed ~
man, and thegirl laughed so meli
the operation that the man wsR
well pleased to remember tha -
change was due from the