i. Per batMs.
moinw- be beer's
-lyr. tsand all will be wellr
.. .* tea my litttle girl for auppero t
`=` "t" Ibexh 'modsurris you," shbef
'.  Anlrbl: dspos pepa, oins, , bl
tmIheme ey Cald eo Drip
z kidneys bseeme so and cnroea all to this
. e Gnd ae l will bewel
e didn lieve their d stressecond loo."and set
ros motion with Hoette
S'aese meeainria, all dangerous mala
dies. Malaria, dyspepsia, constipatlon, bit
iou5seas and nervousnese all yield to this I
S ogevennt and agreeble mefdicinal ent
motes accomppetite pany gain inthem ree.
.. oss.Lv< "ow dar.s.- e you k-D iyss thi
Mr.Poor's engagement to Miss Price was
she result of love atfirmt sight?" use-"Yes.
me didn't dr.ave to risk a second look."-B on -
on Budgetl _
DaseS meek Islasd secoue PlrayIg Cards.
several y ears. I ats in stamp be or coin to
_ . ot x Ssaaalta.'c, Aen'l Pas. gent, C., R.
I. dn' t'y, Chicago, you will recehiael post- I
paid the ickwant to be cured of pla cogh ard
you ever handled. Beanuinul teel engraved
Whist Rules accompany them freand Tr
SP ee'se Tooshache Drops dure in oe minuthe
Sc girlbeorus Tame" ouser-intsxcse
me.rk In thave beenloo of kissing almost everyoff andonfor
severa sppears In runniav justbegun itbunher.s
didle' n c her before yo -Philas. dcrofulhia
Inquirer.
n you want to be cured ofby a cougpurifyingh usethe oo with
Hale'sioney of Horehound and Tar.
Pike's Toothache Drops Cure in one minute.
Scrofulous Taints
Lurk in the blood oi almost e. Iery one
In hmany eric they are inherited. o fro-m the
l appearoos in running sores, buthe es,
pimp erand cancerousgrowths. eicroausla
anbe cured by purifying the blood with
OOd P re liver
ep there
thing ood' tarhe column you spoke of.ures
This great re oose wasnanew
has had wonderful
ucceous in caring this disease It thorbu
ogbly eradiyoudcates the humor rom the
blood. 'Hood's sarsaparilla cures the sores
and erof pton by removing their columnse
- thisnpgiper, and take advactyge of it.
Wimpfiti . g oInthe o id. aets ioo 's.
lood's Pills aure ll li erlslae to
Husbianed am trying to lo nd the big
thing in the ol kn you spoke oft.
Wife-Thu gat goose, it eas in a news
W. . L. UDWA
PIT Or IA KING
r er t suppy you we CAL.
9osP POUCEBso35 .
av eere k e
ANNALAL OF &OsdmvQ O tbr a,
hyardak+cmsI suplyyou s t
C I
__________
.LAIRETTE SOAP
BRIGHT
HOUSEWIVES
No OTHER.
4i"i j ýhnri
gr ace i tha, 'sdil csl not learn
what waftshe s son playg
A aw conmiy by essaiys Haupt
mann-wiL ll be proeducef in erlin aborts
ly. car and Theodore Rosenfeld have
semured the piece for America.
TaE ease of John I. Busbsll, the
ntricken theatricalmanager, is declared
hopeless by one :of the most eminent
specialists in America, Dr. Spitza.
JArn HAInas will leave the Franeais
shortly to join the Gymname company,
In which she will be starred. She is to
receive twenty-five hundred dollars per
month.
'I'AMAxO, the tenor, is reported to!
be one of the richest singers in the
world. He has a fine place at Milan, a
villa at Turin and a chateau on Lake
Maggiore.
Tin French Society of Dramatic Au
thors have decided that there is no
ground for Mlle. Roussill's charge of
plagiarism against Sardou, and so the
ease is closed.
JULIA EDUA.DS, the composer of
"Madelein, or the Magic Kiss," also the
musical director, is at work upon a
new opera, the book of which is by
AubrPy loucieault.
"TnI Stage" is the curious title of a
play to be produced in London next
year. The piece, it is said, will "lay
bare the inner workings and sacrifices
of a star actress."
IMiss NEBRIAKA, a young singer of
Scandinavian descent, whose parents
now reside in St. Paul, Minn., is cred
ited with having made an operatic hit
recently in Dresden.
THE WORLD'S HOLIDAYS.
JULY 24. Pioneer day, is a holiday in
Utah.
SuLDAY is a legal holiday in all the
states. -
MAY 10 is Memorial day in North
Carolina, and is a holiday.
%ILAncn 4 is a legal holiday in New
Orleans. It is called Firemen's day.
JULY 4, Independence day, is a legal
holiday in all the states of the union.
A ran. 26, Memorial day, is observed
in the states of Alabama and Georgia.
SEPTEuMBER 9, Admission day, is ob
served as a legal holiday in Califor
nia.
SOItEMEBE n 25 is Labor day in Louisi
ana and is a legal holiday in that
state.
JrBILEES in the Roman church were
instituted by Pope Boniface VIII. In
1300.
I s many parts of rural England
Morris dances are still popular at Whit
suntidc.
ArmiL 21, the anniversary of the
great battle of San Jacinto, is a Texan
holiday.
FEBnrLUARv . Mardi Gras, has been
made a holiday in Louisiana, and also
in Alabama.
A MIDWINTER festival was Inow-n and
observed in Europe long betore the
Christmas era.
"FEnR'ARY 12. the birthday of Presi
dent Lincoln, has been made a legal
holiday in Illinois.
I" almost all countries the birthday
of the reigning sovereign is regarded
as a popular holiday.
Jt->sE 3, the birthday of Jefferson
Davis. has been made a legal holiday
In the state of Florida.
Dr. PIERCE'S
Golden Medical
DISCOVERY
Cures Ninety-eight per cent. of al.
cases of Consumption, in all, iie
Earlier Stages.
Although by many believed to be incurs.
ble, there is the evidence of hundreds of
living witnesses to the fact that, in all its
earlier stages, consttuption is a curable
disease. Not every case, but a lae per
centage of cases, and we believe. full 95
per centr are cured by Dr. Pierce's Golden
Medical Discovery, even after the disease
has progressed so far as to induce repeated
bleedings from the lungs, severe linigering
cough with copious expectoration (includ
ing tubercular matter), great loss of flesh
and extreme enlaciatiou and weakness.
Do you doubt that h undreds of such cases
reported to us as cured by " Golden Med
ical Discovery " were genuine cases of that
dread and fatal disease ? You need not take
ourword for it. They have, in nearly every
instance, been so pronounced by the best
and most experienced home physicians,
who have no interest whatever in mlis
representing them, and who were often
strongly prejudiced a,,d advised againist
a trial of "'Golden MLedical Discovery,"
but who have been forced to confess that
it surpasses, in curative power over this
fatal malady, all other medicines with
which they are acquainted. Nasty cod
liver oil atd its filthy "emuulsions" and
mixtures. had been tried in nearly all these
cases and had either utterly failed to bene
fat, or had only seemed to benefit a little for
a short time. Extract of mnalt, whiskey,
and various preparationts of the hypophos
phites had also been faith fully tried in vain.
The photographs of a large number of
those cured of consumption, bronchitis,
li'ngering coughs, asthma, chronic nasal
catarrh and kindred maladies, have been
skillfully reproduced in a book of m60
pages which will be niailed to you, on re
ceipt of address and six cents in stamps.
Address for Book, World's Dispensary
Medical Associatloi,, Buffalo, N. Y.
t . taf*he Oid-9Eme Vat
-mi4e611 easUst oEasswfter
(Copyrh.t ,554.)
Somehow ee
Scanmehow else I
have always
loved-a nd II
still love--t h e
songs and sto
ries, the records
and the memo
ries of old poo
plie andold
tincr-. 'The good
S.cck tells us
t hata gray head
- is a crown of
-glo y, and to me
there is always somethin ruther catch
in and takin" about these good old-timey
people. It is a mighty good sign to see
a man that has faced the storms and
trials and troubles and tribulations of
this vain and fleetin world long enough
to catch the snow of winter on his head.
If a man aint of some account to him
self or hbis. family or his friends, it is
powerful seldom that the good Lord
will let him live a long time. A man
that was born with nothin much to do
and nothin in particlar to live for can
mighty soon git through with his part
of the job and retire. The man that
knows the road is the man to blase the
ways and I am always more than willin
to let the gray head of some good old
man be a light to my path and a torch
to my wayward and wanderin feet.
Whao Hie Was a Boy.
"When I was a boy" -says Uncle Dan
iel Rutherford, the oldest man in the
settlement, the last time I was over to
his house--'when I was a boy you
didn't hear people talk about hard
times and skceerce money like they do
nowadays. Naturally of course there
was rich folks and poor folks in the
land in them days like there is today,
but it seems to me somehow like they
was more on a general average then
I than what they are now. They didn't
fly so high up and they didn't drap so
I low down. We didn't have nigh so
much fopperies and fineries and high
flyin tomfoolery as you can notice in
this present day and generation. The
rich folks didn't make sich a terrible
big blow and show, and poor folks
didn't whine and pine and fret and
fume around about bad luck and hard
times like they do now.
"Now as to me," the old man went
on, anybody and everybody that knows
anything about the family records of
Daniel Rutherford can tell you that I
come down from a long line of plain,
common stock and poor people. But
when I was a boy-in all my growin
up I never knowed anything about rale
role hard times. And I never heard
much tell of sich things till here of late
years. You don't have to pile up money
till you can call yourself rich in order
Iment to be fixed up comfdrtable and
snug and independent of the settlement
around you and the world in general.
Whilst the Rutherford generation of
people was always plain and poor if
you counted the dollars and cents on
them, yet at the same time I never
heard tell of any livin man by the name
of Rutherford that went around beggin
or stealin or made a landin in the the
Poor House or the Penitentiary. I was
born and brung up poor, and yet still I
have always lived in the midst of plen
ty as it were. My old daddy before meuo
was poor, as the world goes-poor in
regards to cash money. But if there
ever was a day when we didn't have
plenty of somethin to eat and drink,
and plenty of clothes to wear, it was be
yond my recollection, and if we ever
owed a dollar to any man-livin or dead
-I never heard tell of it. Sometimes
no doubts we had to wear plain clothes,
but they was always clean and com
fortable-warm in winter and cool in
the summer-and the sun never went
down on a day at our house when there
want meat in the smokehouse and corn
in the crib, and meal in the barrel and
molasses in the jug, and eggs in the
basket and lard in the gourd. When I
was a boy folks was folks, but times
was way yonder different then from
what they are now."
lHow It Come to Pass.
13But let me tell you, Rufus, how it
has come to pass that times are so dif
ferent with this present day and gen
eration," says Uncle Daniel, as he back
ed his pipe into the tobacco box after a
fresh load of "the weed."
"When I was a boy people that lived
in the country didn't hurry and worry
and stint and starve themselves to
death in the hopes of makin money.
The mainest thing with people in them
days was to make alivin, and they most
generally made it. If a farmer will but
only work and manage so as to make a
livin it is more than probable that he
will make a little money too. BIut it he
makes a livin he don't need no money
exceptin for some little extries, and if
he don't particlar need any money what
would he want with it anyhow? To a
make a livin-to have somethin to eat
and somethin to wear-that is the first <
and mainest pint in the battle of life 1
anyhow and if a man can win that he is
more than probable to run out ahead
of the hounds. I
"When I was a boy every boy wore S
elothes the same as they do now, but 1
people thatdidn'thave plenty of money
to buy their clothes with got them
made at home. They didn't go in debt
knee deep and then waist deep and then I
chin deep in orderment to fly as high I
as anybody else and keep up big ap
pearments. <
"When I was a boy people didn't live
in the country and *draw their rations
In the city like a heap of them do now- I
adays. On every well regulated farm s
there was one of these big old-fashion
ed corn cribs, and naturally of course j
that meant fat horses and cows and (
hoge and chickens That met the grea t
and growin issue of bread and meat.
It meant hog and hominy-plenty to I
keep soul and body together, money or t
no money.
" When 1 was a boy we had biscnits
at our house at least onest a week, and
sometimes every day in the week. but
we first broke up the ground and then
sowed the wheat, and then cut it down,
and then hauled it in, and then thrash- a
ed it out, and then took it to mill and
paid the toll and brought the materials *
for makin dough back home with us.
"When I was a boy if it come to pa. 1
that we needed a new handle for the
ate we didn't go to the store and pay
two bite for a hade. and then go to
the 1taikdNlu4 ul 4 m a'~lP~blekoaw) ma
tbs W ,ms :g
itl w3s. ir-ý afre dat cu we
I.tre: p.y avlptcl sand made a handle
Ites ts axe at horn..
'Whieu I was a bn oy if a man didn't
have money enough to use itore-bought
tobacco and pay for it in spot cash, Ire
p- would pitch in and raise him a patch of
the weed at home, and then use plain
Red Aleek three hundred and sixty-five
days in the year.
"When I was a boy one box of match
es would ran the family six months,
whereas today there is many a farmer
in this country with a yearlin boy run
i nin loose on his place that will burn
I up a box of matches in six days smokin
aelgreets. With so - many pecurious
I people in the land it aint no wonder
e ment to me that you hear so much talk
i about skeerce money and hard times."
· To be certainly of course Uncle Dan
i. iel never dreampt that his plain and
d homely words would And their way
d into the public prints. But they sound
s ed to me like so many great big gobs
d of truth and common sense, and I give
'f them out to you as he give them in to
e me. Let them stand for what they are
worth.
S Young Man, Stay South.
d Whereas, the words of trutth and so
bf erness that fell from Uncle Daniel's
I lips that day put me to shinkiu along
another line. There is nothin in par
ticular the matter with the country we
s live in. The mainest fault, young man,
i is not in our stars, but in ourselves.
I And that's what makes me tell you
0 what I do.
1 Stay South. young man, stay South
t Turn not to the right hand nor is te a
6 left. Stick to your bush. Stand by
3 your colors. Stay South. Don't get in
1 the habit of changing your base. It is
a bad habit. It is like so;vin to the
1 wind or buildin on the sand. It is un
certain and risky and dangerous. Settle
up, and then settle down. Have some
ideas and opinions and convictions of
your own, and then honor them and
press them till the cows come home
and the evenin stars sing together.
Pay your way. Stand up to the rack,
fodder or no fodder. P3ay for keeps
And stay South.
What this country wants and what
the time demands is more grown up
men-men of energy and horse sense
and plenty of push and go. Here, as
elsewhere, and in fact, everywhere,
there is profit in all labor. Pull off
your coat and roll up your sleeves and
spit in your hands and take hold true
heartedly. Choose your way and fol
low it to the end. Chalk down you:
line and then come to taw. If you call
yourself a farmer be a farmer from
Farmersville. Meet the issues as they
come. Stand up like a man. Look the
sun in the face. And stay South.
WVhen you come to think about it
right serious and sober, this is a great
country anyway you take it. It always
was. It grows on you. so to say. For
tunes are now wrapped up in its hills
and buried down under the sod and the
daisies. It's .storehouse is the green
earth's mother breast. Take the keys,
young man, gnd git on the ground
floor. Have a finger in the pie. Don't
ride a bubble back to the unknown
and leave the world to wonder why
you were ever born at all. Dig while
you can call it day. Make haste while
the sun shines. Do about diligently.
(;it a waterbury movement on you.
Beat old Eli gettin there. Think and
work and sow and reap. And stay
South.
No matter who you are, or where you
come from, or what you mean to do, or
what you hope to be, young man, stay
South. You can't improve on the
country. There is none other like it.
And in the South there is so much yet
to come-so much good work for the
clear head and the honest heart and
the stout arm and the willin hand to do.
Men are what God and good mothers
and opportunities make them. Blut
there is comfort in the thought that
opportunities come to all men sometime
and somewhere down the line. Every
day brings its troop of opportunities.
Like the ruthless rider of the pale
horse, they go in at the cottage gate
and up to the palace door. They will
come to you. Don't waste them or neg
lect them. Embrace them and snake
the best of them. Watch all the points
and keep up the corners. Weed your
own row. Shoot high if you hit the
moon. And stay South.
iMake haste slowly when it comes to
'playin quits with the old home and the
old country you live in. Let your days
be many and peaceful in the land of
your fathers. It is the Sunny South.
It is the same dear old South. And
there is plenty of room in the old land
yet.
Thank God for the rest where none molest,
And none can make afraid.
Where peace sits down as plenty's guest
Beneath the homestead shade.
Rr veus SANDF.I1S
-~Orange Pie: Beat the yolks of
three eggs with a cupful of sugar, and
when light add a tablespoonful of but
ter. Stir in the pulp and juice of two
oranges the grated rind of half of one,
and a cupful of milk. Bake in a dteep
pie dish lined with pastry. When doce
cover with a meringue of the three
whites of eggs beaten with three ta
blespoonfuls of sugar; brown slightly,
cool, and serve.--Good Housekeepinatr.
-Spanish Cream: Whisk one pint of
cream until stiff, add the juice of two
lemons and one ounce of elder flower
water, one-half pound of sugar, four
ounces of dried cherries, two ounces of
pistachio nuts, and one-half pound of
green grapes (these should first be
boiled in sirup for three minutes), stir
all well together, then add one ounce
of gelatine that has been dissolved in a
gill of water. When tlhoroughly mixed
pour into small molds to set.-Farm,
Field and Fireside.
-Mock Turtle Soup: Soak two-tlhirds
of a quart of black beans in cold water
twelve hours; drain, add a "knuckle of
veal"' and three quarts of water. t hen
it boils add a small onion stuck with
eight or ten cloves, and let it simmer
six hours. When cold remove any
grease that has risen, reheat and strain
or rub through a wire sieve; return to
the kettle and boil five minutes. Slice
thin three hard-boiled eggs and two
lemons; put them in a tureen; season
the soup with salt and pepper and pour
it over them.-Ohio Farmer.
-Stewed Apples: Peel and core some
good apples and throw into cold water.
When all are peeled, arrange in a stew
pan, so as not to touch each other.
Pour half a pint of water over them.
and add sugar and lemon rind to taste.
Stew gently wVit.hout the cover for
about forty minutes. Take out the ap
ples carefully, so as not to break them,
boil the sirup to reduce it, and strain
over the apples. Whelen cold, arrapge
lhas dish, put a Inmp of red ourrant
*Uly on the e0ntr of eacsh applp, seat.
PERSONAL AND LITERARYV
--Beatri-e. arraden, author of the
marine night line,.is delighted. with
-'the way American girls behave about
men." Similarly the'girls are delight
ed with the way the men behave about
them.
-Donald Frazier, president of the
National bank of China. in Hong
Kong, says that Li Hung Chang is
worth 8500,000.000, and hbaas no more
patriotism than the rest of the corrupt
Chinese officialdom.
-William Pole, the great authority
on whist, who, was born in 1814, is at
once an expert civil engineer, a skillful
organist, and an authority on all ques
tions relating to steam engines, rail
ways, armor plate, drainage and army
ordnance
-Lady Frederick Bruce, a prominent
English woman, is one of the leaders
in the vigorous warfare now being con
ducted against skirt dancing, which,
it seems, is quite crowding out music
as a form of entertainment in English
country houses.
-Mr. C. P. Huntington has built a
granite mausoleum in Woodlawn ceme
tery, New York. whose architecture is
copied from a Doric temple anti which
contains places for sixteen coffins. The
cost of this post-mortem luxury was
about 8250.000.
-Every *'riday the Duches D'UTes.
the wealthiest woman in France, puts
on the ordinary dress of a nurse, and,
going to the cancer hospital, acts as
one of the regular attendants, placing
herself entirely under the orders of
the superintendent.
-The German empress thinks that
the root of the servant problem lies in
the fact that mistresses are too little
concerned about their comforts. They
ought, she says, to do everything they
can to make the leisure hours of their
servants as agreeable as possible.
-MAliss Dora Wells is owner and
purser of the Puget Sound steamboat
I)elta, which runs from Whatcom to
the San Juan islands and Victoria, TI.
C., three times a week. She collects
fares, makes contracts for freight, and
takes a hand in navigating the steamer.
-Paul Verlaine has just presented
himself to the French academy as a
candidate for the seat made vacant by
the death of Leconte de Lisle and held
before him by Victor lingo. His can
didacy is intended as a demonstration
on the part of the young school of
poets, for in spite of his undeniable
genius Verlaine's past life makes his
election even more difficult than ZolP's
works make his. Verlaine is so poor
that he is now in a hospital, as he
could not afford to pay a doctor. Fe
Is reported to have explained his can
didacy by saying; "If I do not succed
they s-ill put in some imbecile who will
dishonor iingo's memory.
-Some new stories of Ruskin's stay
at Corpus Christi college while he held
his professorship at Oxford are told in
the Pelican Record, the undergradu
ates' magazine. One day at dinner
one of the fellows said that I)ore's il
lustrations to "'Don Quixote" seemed
to him to have considerable merit,
whereupon tears began to run down
Ruskin's checks. lie laid down his
knife and fork saying: "You have
spoiled my dinner." Meeting a tutor
on the staircase, Ruskin asked: "What
are you lecturing upon this term?"
The tutor answered: "Inductive
Psychology." "O, the devil!" shouted
IRuskin, rushing immediately up stairs
and violently sporting his oak.
HUMOROUS.
-Morton-"Are you sure that Pen
man is really reconciled with his wife?"
Crandall-"Yes. I am sure of it. for she
reads what he writes and he eats what
she cooks."-Truth.
-No Fortune There.-"That lMiss
Antique is positively dreadful. She
hasn't a redeeming feature about her,
unless it is her disposition." "It cer
tainly isn't in her face."-Detroit Free
Press.
-Rejected Lover (writing toa friend)
-"My Blertha has deserted inc for an
other. I'm wretched. I)on't you know
some pretty girl or other without whom
it will be impossible for me to lire?"-
Tit-Bits.
-Wynham (taking a walk in the
country)-"C-c-can I f-f-find my way
t-t-through these w-w-woods?" SMan
Accosted-''Not if it is true that the
man who h-h-hesitates is lost."-lar
lem Life.
-Uncle John-"And why do you
think that your brother Charles is a
great writer?" Alice-"Why. because
he is. He writes more every day than
he can get into the paper. "-Boston
Transcript.
-A poor woman was telling a kind
hearted visitor how the doctor came I
and said she had a sluggish liver. I
"W'hat beats me," she added, "is hew
them slugs gets inside the liver."-N.
Y. Tribune.
-"But what can you do, young man?
Hlaven't you some special talent or
taste-some bent, as they say?" Appli
cant (dubiously)-"N-no, not that I
can think of-except that I am a little
bow-legged."-Tit-Bits.
--Mrs. Sweet-"I hear your son is
engaged." Mrs. Sharp-"Well, he has
brought back the engagement ring." I
M rs. Sweet-"W'hat was the matter? I
Didn't it suit?" Mlrs. Sharp-"Yes; but
he didn't."-Boston Budget..
-"How did you vote in the election,
Uncle Jim?" "I. don't 'member now,
suh. Dey wuz two gentermens bid
din' fo' me, en I ain't she' ef de ten dol- 1
Iar one wuz democrat, 'publican. or
dez twixt cn between."- Buffalo Ex
press.
-A Novelty.-Amateur Pop-"Ive
got a new baby at my house." Veteran
Pop-"Is that so?" Amateur Pop
"You bet it is." Veteran Pop-"Well,
you'll wish it was an old one before
the winter is over."--Detroit Free
Press.
-Maud--'" So you have broken with
Count de Fakeretti. What gave you
the first inkling that he was not the
real article?" Alice-"He was toying
carelessly with my hair one evening,
and before he thought he had suggest
ed a shampoo."-Harlem Life.
-A belated tourist was obliged to
ask for a bed at a farmhouse. having
wandered far from his hotel. On ris
ing in the morning he *found himself
without tooth powder. Looking about
him, he espied on the mantelpiece a
small box containing powder, which he
used. When he paid for his bed, he
apologized to the farmer's wife for
hraving used her tooth powder. "Tooth
powder?" she queried. " We have
none." "'Yes, say good woman. It
was in a small round box on the man
$lpiece." "That," she screamed, "that
w~s hot tooth powderi That was
r"na v. s. ov\er... h c 5es.
1 reported, after an ~sexa~nination o µ
different brands, that the- ROYAL .a..
Ing Powder Is .bouteypure. gre.a
'in strength, and superior to all oth
OYAL MamNa pOWUsR COMPAN. IMeWAL S?.NsW-Y.. :..
•gu-"Whast ts the reason you charge
twice as much for my cuffs.as you did for.
merlyi" Washerwoman - "Because you
have begn making pencil notes on them."
Gent--"hat difference does that make "
'Washerwoman-"The girls waste so much
time in trying to make them out."-De Am
sterdammer.
JrLLSao says he doesn't see why there
should be any obeotion to women entering
the legals profession. Don't you see that
nine out of every ten marrie menknow
very well that her word is law. - Buffalo
Courier.
I nAva found Piso's Cure for Consump.
tion an unfailing medicine.-F. . Lorz,
1806 Scott St., Covington, Ky., Oct. 1, 16%.
,xirKs--(At the door Impatiently)-"Arc
you all ready, dear." Mrs. J.nks-"AI but6
.uttin my bonnet." inks - "H'mt
Sell, I've time for two more cigars, any
way."-Harper's Bazar.
KNOWLEDGE
Brings comfort and improvement and
tends to personal enjoyment when
rightly used. The many who live bet
ter than others and enjoy life more, with
less expenditure, by more promptly
adapting the world's best products to
the needs of physical being, will attest
the value to health of the pure liquid
laxative principles embraced in the
remedy, Syrup of Figs.
Its excellence is due to its presenting
in the form most acceptable and pleas
ant to the taste, the refreshing and truly
beneficial properties of a perfect lax
ative; effectually cleansing the system,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
and permanently curing constipation.
It has given satisfaction to millions and
met with the approval of the medical
profession, because it acts on the Kid
nems, Liver and Bowels without weak
enmg them and it is perfectly free from
every objectionable substance.
Syrup of Figs is for sale by all drug
gists in 50c and $1 bottles, but it is man
ufactured by the California Fig Syrup
Co. only, whose name is printed on every
package, also the name, Syrup of Figs,
and being well informed, yo will not
accept any substitute if ofmlmbe
$48 FOR ONLY $2.
v DEBMOREST'S . . .
To those who D R
subsribe o FAMILY MAGAZINE
We wish to show the great value that will be given for the money expended.
In the first place, the Magazine itself cannot be matched anywhere in the world
for two dollars. If you wish to prove this, compare it with any other as to mat
ter, illustrations, quality of paper, printing, etc. Then, too, it is so designed asa
to interest every member of the family, which makes it really a dozen magazines
in one. Here, then, is the first $2.00 of the 848.00 mentioned above. The next
;3.00 is represented by the exquisite premium for the coming year, De Longpre's
" Roses," which is the most exquisite oil-picture that has ever been published,
and worth nearer $10.00 than 85.00. Then comes a value of $3.00, represented by
giving every lady reader all the patterns she wishes to use during the year, and
in sizes to suit. A novel and important feature, introduced into I)EMOREST'S
MAGAZINE last April, is a Portrait Album giving eight cabinet-size portraits
each month of the world's celebrities, with a biographical sketch of each person.
Each year's collection of ninety-six portraits of distinguished men and women,
when inserted in the Portrait Album which we can furnish, forms a handsome
ornament for the home, as well as a valuable source of information and refer
ence, interesting all members of the family and their friends. The collection
would cost over a hundred dollars if made in any other way, as many of these
photographs are very expensive, neither time nor money being spared in making
the collection. If we count each portrait at the low valuation of only 25 cents it
would make $24.00 worth with your coming year's magazines; and if you are a
new subscriber and wish to commence your collection from' the first we pub
lished, we will send you the fifty-six already issued, and these fifty-six at 95
cents each would make another $14.00. Summing up all the above, you have a
value of $48.00 for only $2.00. The following fifty-six Portraits were published
in the last volume, which new subscribers will be entitled to free. The ninety
six for the coming year will include names as well known as those already given.
--- ----------
Shakespeare, Hobesit aewal . merebert speaeer.
Bev. Charles W. Parkhuarst. athaUlel Hawthene, Edwnl Booth,
Seerse W. Childs, Gemeral herman,, "earylWard Meeebeel
Suesa B. Anthony. aev. PhUllip. BUooks, PaderewsrI.
Abraham I2meol., Wmeds, Harriet Bfeeeber 5mwe.
Mile. Emma Calve. etiph Waldeo Emersen Com Leo Telmtoe,
WiUlla HI., Emperor of Germany, Alexamdre Dames, per. eeral Grant.
Primee Blimarek Alexeanre Diusme, A, General sherida.
Wfllnam M. Everts, Aleanndesr Il.,lnte Csarot Rusie o lomeph JeehMSe.,
Oliver W. Holmes, President Clevelanad Luey atone,
William Lyne WIIson. Me.. Grver Clevelad4, WEl leea Bneapartes
Bev. Theo. le Wit TalmeaSe, H dels Empress Jdoephiae,
John uskimn, Geverer Meimley, Elsabeth Cady Staastone.
Adellusl Pattl. Wlam . lademstee, ]Iearkr lbsen
Mr.. Pram. medssea Barnett, Earl o RUosebery IBMeL.
Loueis oseuth. renry Irvl ., Plhoebe Casyr
Presddeat Cornet. Ellen Terry. Aice oary,
Mme. Emma Eamee-tery, Henry W. LeOnstllow. Thomas A. Edieo.
EUnlbketh Baeretrewalng, HUery' . stanley.
YERRLY SUBSGRIPTION, $2.00. SINGLE GOPIES, 20 GENTS.
Address U
the... Ptber... W JENNINGS DEMOREST,
arw"
15 EAST s4th STREET, NEW YORK.
m "If you are unacquainted with DEMOREST'S FAM.LY MAGAZINa,
send to cents for a sample copy, which anmount you may then deduct fress
the subscription price If you subscribe.
A Cotton Fertilizer.
Purchase only such fertilizers for cotton which contain at
least 3 to 4 % actual potash.
For Corn, Fertilizers should contain 6% Potash.
Poor results are due entirely to deficiency of Potash.
We will gladly send you our pamphlets on the U e of Potash.
T7tr 9 erns s%, is wll set you atlIag to reasd themb mad ua w.il v
' lw e 'swn t WOUw S we ps W i~sm aires, e
FAess-"I got ahot full the
night thltOiwint to ulalesp an- .
the dure, an' didn't wsakup tillI
gsan chewin' me phwiskes."
" Bur you can'1blame hle. It
loonch be was lukin' for." -
Trthune.
Tos PArrses.uL ' ismsas. -
think I like you, Mr. Trotti. But
marry and leave my twin siter
Wait until she is eugaage" e
but---that's lust what she said
proposed to her. '-Harlem Life.
A soy's appetite for adventur is,.
strong tab he will' go hungry in broselaw- .
satisfy it.-Gaplveton News.
SOL
COLEMAN
KOKO TI
MEMPHISP TEM.IIN 1
•m G il sa 5tll35 ' O W
FREE Ab
TO AGENTS
Ed's Cream Balm
leanmes the Nasaln
PasusagesAllays Pain
and infammation
Restores the Sense of
Tasto and Smell.
Heals the Sores.
Aplya alm Irntoah .no, Cll.
ELT BOB. Wsrrens t..lh T.Y.
CLOVER SEED
Lrmst grower. rof ermiomad res t/
Nmerca.moocre. O or ra ssersm las5 a
if--tLm. -tlows sown . Aprl . will gi1 rO '
cropflu~lu. VMc lotchemp llmmoth Omum
A. gN. K. aLRF 15C43. r
wNEEDL Wsr To AdDalaa PG3O,
SH TT , hen r l7d (.ý"les
A. N. K.. F 1534
WIRE WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE
mstt las you saw the A£v.raiset ais tab
ssen.