LAFAYETTE GAZETTE.
VOLUME I. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1893. NUMBER 33.
A MOUNTAIN LESSON.
* '* atd written our names on the mountain
top, -
Whou we saw, to ourgreat surprise
t Iur little Marian standlng alone,
With a happy look in her eyes.
"Don't Sell wish your name written herer'
Asked her papa, with a smile.
'"I'11 carve it there on that highest rock
It will take but a little while.'"
"I've tried to leave a tiny mark,"
Said Marian. wise and slow:
"'yevo planted a mountain cranbcery vine,
.And God will help It to grow.
"'And when the folk froml the cities far.
Here on the mnountait stand,
.I hope they'll see how He keeps wee things
In the hollow of HJ' hand.
"I forget His lovo'j eare sometimes
With others It may be so;
And the vine wi-n help them to see God's hand.
I am sure --e will make It grow."
Dear, trmtfting girl, we shall not forget
The leg son that to us came
How she, eared so little about herself,
If V'a but read Go4g nae -.--w.
---harles N. Sinnett, in S. . Times.
AN INDIAN THIEF.
He Succeeded in StEt ling the Fast
5t Horse Qa the Plains.
HAT honesty
which we know
to be the best
policy and
which makes us
loathe a thief is
S one of the
," imarks of our
' ilization and
intelligence.
, Rud e, unciv
ilized people do
not love hones
ty as we do. Al
-most all such people have some tradi
tion or story of very skilful thieving.
The best-known story of the kind is
among the fairy tales written and col
Jected by the brothers Grimm. It is a
Stale of how a horse was stolen while a
mnan was on its back, and how the rider
was left in the saddle hanging in the
itr while the horse was led away. Our
Iorth American Indians have many
'such tales, and some of them ai" al
most as wonderful as this one in the
trimtm collection.
Our Indians have no such p verb as:
"It is a sin to steal a pin." IJfhey had
they would add a line to it, and mike
it rad like tllhs: , - -
"ILtis a sin to nteaf a pin,
lf tit matters naught itfjon don't get caught"
Their whole philosophy with regard
'to stealing is summed up in the.' a
that men may not steal from their
people, but thatlhere is no harm in
stealing from strangers or enemies pro
bided yoi are not caught at it. Among
the fierce fighting and hunting red men
,of the plains, which I know most about,
the men in one camp or village did not
steal from one another, but they did
:steal from everybody else whenever
the got the chance. They gloried in
stampeding and running off with the
horses of the other camps and tribes,
and in plundering white men who were
fewer in number than themselves.
Cunning and courage wtge required
in successf.ul stealing, qad cunning and
courage are as much admired by the
Indians as ever they were by the Spar
tabs of old.
An interpreter among the Canadian
Blackfeet Indians who are of the same
tribe as our Blackfeet-told me a story
of how that tribe lost the most wonder
,hl race horse that it ever owned. The
plains Indians are very fond of horses,
and being addicted to gambling and
betting they have always raced their
best horses against one another in '%r
tier to have an exciting excuse for bet
ting.
Not very many years ago, in the lLfe
time of Three Bulls, the present chief
of the tribe, the Blackfeet owned a
wonderfully fast horse. lie was as
black as a rainy night, as glossy as a
wild duck, as fiery as an angry chief.
and so fleet-footed that it seemed as if
no horse could beat him in a race. No
other horse the Blackfeet owned could
keep anywhere near him, and when the
Crows, and Blloods and Sarcis, and
Stonies andi (iros Ventres tried to beat
him with their best. horses, this won
derful Blackfoot race horse shot by the
others as if it was no trouble at all to
do so.
The Blackfeet were wonderfully
proud of this noble horse. lie brought
them honor, and, better yet, he brought
them riches, because they usedlrto
wager all that they had that he would
win every race, and of course they vtbn
I
4
NE DISCOVERED THE SECRET.
horse, and blankets, and guns, and
skins, and everything that the other
Indians put up against this astonishing
horse. The neighboring tribes envied
the Blackfeet this splendid horse, and
sore than one "attempt to steal him
was made by bold Indians of the other
tribes before the Blackfeet took alarm
and resolved to guard him to the very
best of their ability. In order to do
this they built an extra large tepee
of buifflo hide in which to shut the
v-rlsble animal up at night. And
every night two or three you·g braves
of the warrior band slept in the tepee
.on either side of the race horse, which
was tethered to one of the stout side
polos of the great tent. When these
.watchful, . light-sleeping braves took
the horse in tihe tent and secured himn
- .th~rW, they laded up the slitlike door
*,tWiee ibt aig4tLdatea t woeltd
A - Ij- -s? ·
have taken several minutes to undo this
fastening from the outside.
When this plan was hit upon and car
ried out, the lilackfeet not only
breathed easier, but they laughed to
themselves. "If anybody wants to
steal our black belauty," they thought,
"we would like to see him try it."
They fancied some dog of a Gros Ven
tre or coward of a Stony crawling in
the grass among the common horses of
the tribe, and expecting to find the
champion of the plains among the lot.
"Let the thieves come," they thought.
"They will never dream that the great
racer is kept like a warrior, in a tent
the size of a chiefs tepee, guarded by
young men, armed and brave as lions."
But it is the unexpected that always
happens, and as the old adage puts it
no one is in such danger as he who
thinks himself secure. While the Black
feet were flattering themselves that no
one could rob them of their priceless
horse, a young Crow Indian was plan
ning to cover himself with savage glory
by stealing the animal. lie had, at the
risk of his life, crawled close to the
Blackfoot camp on ampre than one night
to watch what was done with the won
derful beast. Flat on the ground among
the tufts of bunch-grass he had wrig
gled nearer and nearer to the outer cir
cle of tents, only to stop when it
seemed to him that the light of some
camp-lire must shine on his face if he
crawled further. On one night he
watched from one side of the Blackfoot
village; on another he came at the vil
lage from another side. At last he dis
covered the secret. He saw the famous
horse led in or out of the tepee.
That was glory half won for this
archthief of the Crows. Now that he
knew where the horse was, all that he
haod to do was to steal him. He was all
courage and cunning, and he wanted
all the other Crows to know it. They
would know it, and they would honor
him if he succeeded in his dangerous
experiment. On the next night this
thief (I wish I had asked for his name)
rode boldly across the plains in the
very dead of the night until lie was
close to the JBlackfoot camp. Then he
dropped off his horse and wriggled like
a snake over the grass and into the en
emy's village. lie crawled past the
outer tepees, and past the next inner
circle of tepees, and past the n'ext
circle. My! but that was dangerous
work to be at. Dogs are as plentiful in
an Indian village as branches in an or
chard, and if one dog saw or heard or
smelled the young Crow thief it would
have been lucky if he got away alive.
lie came to the stable-tepee-the
great tent where the beautiful horse
was tied and guarded. Bly means of a
travois, a sort of frame that IndianL
drag loads upon in place of wagons, he
TrIE FEIAT VAS DONE.
climbed noiselessly up the side of the
tepee. Such caution and such stealthi
ness as he must have used to climb up
the side of a rickety tent of skins and
poles can better be imagined than de
scribed. His nerves and his muscles
were of steel, and he managed to ac
complish this task. reaching the top
of the tepee, where all the poles branch
out in a circle, like the sides of a wil
low basket, he steadied himself and
peered down into the tent. lie could
not ace the sleeping braves, each with
a gun at hand and knife in belt, but he
could faintly distinguish the bulky out
line of the swift horse that he was
after. Lifting his body over the open
ing that serves as a chimney pr a
tepee. and steadying himself and meas
uring the distance, he let himself fall.
lie landed a-straddle on the horse's
back. .
All the rest that he did was like
lightning. With hilt skinning-knife
bare in his hand he swept the blade
past the horse's nose till he felt the hal
ter and severed it. Then he Iuged the
animal forward, and with a mighty
thrust and sweep he gashed an. opening
in the side of the tepee from tap to bot
tom. Still prodding the racer with his
heels he rode him through the opening
and into the outer air. The feat was
done. Indianlike he yelled the war
cry of the Crows, and thundered away
from the Blackfeet village out on the
plains faster than any other Indian be
tween Mexico and Canada could ride.
And as he rode he heard the pandemo
nium in the startled camp behind him.
Then he laughed. He had proved him
self the cleverest red thief on the
plains.
Such a whooping and howling and
hubbub, such a barking of dogs and
screaming of squaws, such a yelling
and firing of guns, and, in short, such
a riot of noises as was aroused by the
Crow thief's warhoop only those who
have lived in an Inlian camp can
imagine. But all the noise was use
less. From that minute the crows
owned the fastest Indian horse on the
plains, and the Blackfeet plotted re
v-enge..-Julian Ralph, in Harper's
Young People.
The Most Appropriate Place.
A gentle n having noticed that his
wife inate- of wearing her wedding
r-ing on her finger kept it concealed in
her purse, took her to task about it,
The lady replied:
"What would you have? That is its
proper place. You dtidn't marry me.
but my pursel"-Fliegende Blatter.
-"Iullo, old man; where are you liv
ing now?" "Esk-esk-esk-esk-Sche
iehenectady." "Where is your brother
living?" "Eslkesk-eslc---confound it!
why didt't you ask me where we both
Huved'"-BroOk.yn Lite
BRITISH h(IYAL FAMILY.
umdrum, ,l Medlocre People. But Me
Most Powerful klolue on Earth.
The recent royal English wedding
may with almost a certainty of accuracy
be spoken of as the marriage of the
future king and queen of England. If
to rule is desirable then the position of
Prince George and Princess May is
most enviable. The queen's position at
the wedding was unique. It was the
fifteenth marriage of a direct de
scendant which has occurred during
her reign.
Nature has not been over-generous in
its gifts to the family of Queen Victoria.
It would be a stretch of courtesy tocall
any of the female descendants beauti
ful, and while some of the men are good
looking not one of them would be
chosen by a sculptor as a model for
Apollo. In no instance can it be said of
Queen Victoria's daughters that their
faces were their fortunes, or would
have been had they been penniless. It
must in fairness be admitted, however,
that the daughters of the British
queen have higher gi-fts than beauty.
Their womanly qualities would make
them desirable wives in any station in
life. But Prince Charming would never
have offered any of them a throne had
he met them milking cows or tossing
hay in the field, or in any other capacity
of humble life. Had Queen Victoria
not been the monarch of (reat Britain
and her children born to royalty there
is not the remotest probability that the
family would have achieved, dis
tinction in any form. Yet there is
the patent fact that this naturally
humdrum, mediocre house is today
the most powerful family on earth; that
two European thrones are already oc
cupied by Victoria's offspring, and that,
in all probability, the crowns of the
three great empires of Britain, Ger
many and Russia will yet be worn at
the same time by grandchildren of the
ltritish queen. The German emperor
is Queen Victoria's grandson; it is as
certain as anything in human affairs
that the royal crown of Great Britain
and the imperial crown of India will
devolve, if not to the prince of Wales,
then to Prince George, who wedded the
Princess May a few days ago, and it is
stated that the betrothal of the czaro
witz, heir to the throne of Russia, to
the Princess Alice, of Ilesse, grand
daughter of Queen Victoria, will short
ly be announced.
The Princess Alice is sister of the
Grand Duke Ernest Louis, of Hesse
Darmstadt, one of the sovereign states
of Germany. Another granddaughter
of Queen Victoria, the Princess Sophia,
of Prussia, is married to the Crown
Prince Constantine, of G(reece. An
other granddaughter, the Plrincss
Charlotte, of Prussia, is married to
Iternard, the hereditary prince of Saxe
Meiningen. As the reigning D)uke Ern
est of Saxe-Coburg-G(otha, has no chil
dren, that sovereignty will fall to Queen
Victoria's family on account of the
late prince consort, who was the only
brother of Duke Ernest. and Prince
Alfred, duke of Edinburg, second son
of Queen Victoria, will presumably oc
cupy the throne.
Queen Victoria's descendants will,
therefore, in the natural course of
3vents sit on the following thrones,
either already occupied or to be occu
pied by them: Great Blritain and India,
Germany (Prussia), Helsse-Dla:rmatadt,
Saxe-Coburg-Gotha, Saxc-Meiningen,
(Greece.
Assuming that the ezarowitz really
intends to marry the Princess Alice the
vast empire of Russia will also be added
to the list. It may be stated here that
in addition to the countries named
Queen Victoria is closely connected by
family relationship with the king of
the Belgians, and that she is also con
nected, through the marriages of her
children and otherwise, with the ruling
houses of Russia. Holland, Denmark.
and through Denmark with Sweden,
Norway and Baden. and also with other
European sovereignties lier near rela
tive.the duke of Cumberland,isa claim
ant to the throne of IIanover, and it is
probable that there is hardly a non
'Catholic sovereign house inEurope with
which Queen Victoria is not related
either by blood or marriage. And the
same may be said, more remotely. of
Catholic royal houses. The late Dom
P'edro, emperor of Brazil, was also re
lated to Queen Victoria through the
Coburg family.
As King Leopold, of the Belgians, is
sovereign of the Congo F're.e State in
Africa. and Queen Victoria is empress
of India, it may be said that before the
deposition of Dom Pedro, Queen Victo
ria. besides ruling in two quarters of
the globe herself, was related to rulers
in the two other continents of America
and Africa. It may be mentioned that
Queen Victoria is connected through
the royal houses of Belgium and )Den
mark with the Bourbons, and that
means with nearly all the reigning
and non-regnant Catholic families of
Europe.
To trace these various genealogies
would be an interminable task. for
enough has been stated to show that
the aged widow who sits on the throne
of Great Blritain is indeed a mother of
monarchs of Europe and that her prog
eny are ruling or destined to rule a con
siderable portion of the earth.
One of the chief and perhaps the chief
reason for the family spreading itself,
as it were, over the face of Europe is
the modern custom, amounting to law,
whereby the meinbers of royal houses
seek their spouses only among royal
houses. In olden times kings often
married subjects, and it is to be noted
that England never had such vig
orous k4pgs and queens as when
such narriages were the rule.
Royalty does not seem to improve
the further it gets away from the
people, and it is to be noted that King
Oscar of Sweden and Norway, who, be
sides being almost a giant in height, is
also a man of remarkable intellectual
endowments, is descended from the
plebeian Bernadotte. Yet so strict is
the rule against marriages with blood
not royal that even King Oscar required
one of his sons to give up his title and
call himself plain IBernadotte when the
son took to wife a beautiful and most
worthy lady, the daughter of Col.
Mlnnck.
This ex, usiiverm is undoubtebly the
Sehief cause why Queen Victoria's pro
lific family is so much in demand.
Protestant princes must marry into
Protestant families, and there is no
more desirable family of that faith than
the ruling house of Great Britain.
Queen Victoria's descendants. however,
have had no hesitation in marrying in-
to the Greek church-one of her grand
daughters, Elizabeth. being wife of
the grand duke Sergius of Russia and
having espoused his religion, and the
princess Sophia adopted a similar
course in Greece.
Taken altogether it is a wonderful
family, and the caution, prudence and
mediocrity which characterize most of
its members may perhaps have no
small influence in postponing for a time
the ultimate disappearance of royalty
in the civilized worid.-N. Y. Press.
SPAIN' OOLDIER NUN.
Disgulsed as a Man Slho leade a Gallant
Otileer and Fought Duels.
A very famous heroine in her day
was Catalina de Erauso, still remem
bered vaguely as the "Spanish soldier
nun." She left memoirs, which have
been- translated or summarizevl or "ro
mancified" in most European tongues.
The truth of them has been d'sputed,
but upon the other hand popes and
kings, nobles and savants accepted
every word, while evidence remained
to support or question the statements.
Catalina, we are told, ran away from
a nunnery in San Sebastian at the age
of fifteen, transformed her conventual
habiliments into doublet and hose and
found employment as a page in the
household of a noble at Valladolid.
Driven from this refuge by the appear
ance of her father-who had no sus
picion, nevertheless-she joined an ex
pedition sailing to Peru under charge
of Ferdinand de Cordova. Her ship
was wrecked off Paita and she alone
refused to desert the captain, who
stood by his vessel. Catalina then
built a little raft, broke open the treas
ure chest, took as much gold a' she
could carry, and set off for the whore,
but the captain was drowned in em
barking. She reached the town and
accepted an engagement as manager to
the tailor who made her new clothes.
Complications of business and passion
-for a great lady fell in love at sight-
led to a first duel, in which she killed
her man promptly. The great la.dy
smuggled her out of prison, but Cata
lina found it necessary to repay this
service by pushing the dame down
stairs, probably breaking her neck.
Then she jumped into a boat, put to
sea and was picked up by a Spanish
vessel bound for Concepcion.
At this place her brother was secre
tary to. the governor, and he. all un
conscious of the relationship, got her a
commission in the army. Very soon
afterward she distinguished herself in
an engagement. and for twenty years
ranked as one' of the most brilliant of
ticers of the Spanish service-living
mostly with her brother, but keeping
the secret. This happy time came to
an end in a midnight duel, when she
killed a man unknown, who proved to
be this same brother. Flying for life
once more, Catalina crossed the Andes.
All her companions perished, but she
reached Tucuman after terrible adven
tures.
Another love affair, all on one side,
and another fatal duel brought het
literally to the gallows; but with the
rope around her neck she escaped.
Traveling on to Cuzco she joined an
Alcalde with a pretty wife and a gen
tleman, his friend. In a very few days
Catalina perceived that these two had
an understanding. The Alcalde per
ceived it also, and took an opportunity
to murder his faithless friend, lie
would have murdered his wife, but
Catalina snatched her to the sa'ldle and
rode furiously for C'zxo. The Alcalde
pursuing, she ran him through, but re
ceived a desperate wound. The fugi
tives got safely to the bishoe;s palace.
Catalina knew, however, that her se
cret must be discovered now. She had
just strength to reveal it to the bishop
before fainting. That worthy man re
ported the whole story to the king,
who sent orders that C'ata.lina should
be dispatched by the next ship. All
Spain declared for the heroine. At her
arrival Count Olivarez himself, the
prime minister, nmet her: the king
kissed her; the pope sent for and for
gave her; Velasquez painted her por
trait.-London Standard.
A KING'S HARDSHIP.
The Privation to ,Vhlrh lie Was Subjected
by the Former Qjueen of turniah.
The queen would not allow the king
to take any other wives. It is true that
there was the lesser queen, but Iebya
did not mind her, for she was of no ac
count: but the queen was afraid of any
one coming between her and the king.
If the king loved one of the queen's
maidens, the queen was obliged to give
her to the king, but after six months
or a year the girl would disappear.
Yes! I suppose she was killed. The
queen was afraid of any rival between
herself and the throne she had given
her husband. The Tjakin looks upon
it with different eyes from ours.
He is shocked; but would it be better
that the king should have seventy chil
dren, as 1lindon his father had, to
raise up trouble in future? Hlave En
glish queens never killed their rivals,
or English kings allowed Iheir wives
to be executed? No, Thaln, I do not
think these things right; they are very
terrible; but does the Thakrn ever con
sider the reason? There was no pun
ishment the queen could give save
death. Imprisonment was only death
made a little longer and a great deal
harder. There were no jails with high
brick walls, such as the English gov
ernment has raised all ovef the land.
The jail was but a wooden hut, and
the prisoners were kept in wooden
stocks, and the heat was deadly in the
low hut crowded with prisoners.
Death were much preferable, Thakin,
to such imprisonment, especially for a
woman. -Blackwood's biagazine.
Kaew His IBurlaes .
Blriggs-Smallarer is the most ceo
nomical man I ever sa~w.
Griggs--Vhat has he done now?
hriggs--lle wvouldn't propose to hisi
present fiancee until thehy before she
sailed for Europe--di.
HOUSEHOLD BREVITIES.
-Corned Beet-If beef is young and
properly corned it will not be necessary
to soak over night V Wash off the salt,
put on in cold water. Bring to boiling
point and simmer from four to six
hours according to size of the piece. If
to be eaten cold and a suitable piece,
the bones may be removed, the meat
folded up and pressed, making a nice
shape to slice from.-Farm, Field ana
Fireside.
-Pickled Mackerel. -Four dozen
small mackerel, a tablespoonful each
of pepper, allspice and clove, and two
cupfuls of salt. Cover entirely with
vinegar. Make a crust of flour and
water to keep from burning, and bake
seven hours. If the vinegar cooks out.
put more in when ready to set away.
They taste somewhat like sardines
(minus oil), and are nice for a relish
for tea or lunch.-Good Housekeeping.
-Omelet-Take as many eggs as
there are persons and one extra, beat
whites and yolks separately, season
yolks and add to them .half cupful of
hot milk or cream, then beat thoroughly
into the beaten whites. Pour into a
hot, well buttered spider and cover. In
a few minutes it will be done, and then
loosening the edges double it on a hot
platter and serve imnmediately. Chopped
ham stirred in makes a nice change.
Detroit Free Press.
-Baked Peach Pudding.-Sift to
gether two teacupfuls of flour, one-half
teaspoonful of baking powder. Stir
into this with a stiff tablespoon a.piece
of softened butter the size of a small
egg. Make a soft dough with two
thirds of a cupful of milk. Roll half
the dough to fit the bottom of a pud
ding dish, and cover with two teacup
fuls of peeled and sliced peaches.
Sprinkle over two-thirds of a teacupful
of sugar, cover with a layer of dough,
and bake. Eat with butter and sugar
or cream sauce.--Ohio Farmer.
-Plain French Dressing.-One salt
spoonful of salt, one-fourth saltspoon
ful of pepper, one tablespoonful of
vinegar and four of oil. This dressing
is used by the French on nearly all
their salads. Those who do not care
for oil should use equal quantities of
oil and vinegar, or one-third vinegar to
two-thirds oil; but four parts of oil to
one of vinegar is needed to make the
genuine French dressing. The dress
ing may be mixed in a bowl and the
salad added; or the salad may be made
as follows: Place the" salt and pepper
and a tablespoonful of oil together,
mix well and add to the salad. Stir
lightly, put in the rest of the otl, stir
again a few seconds, and add lastly the
vinegar.-Prairie Farmer.
-Fish Pate.-This is an excellent
way of using any cold fish which may
be left over from dinner: Free thor
oughly from bones and shred fine
enough fish to fill a pint measure, add
to it one quart of milk, two eggs, one
quarter of a cup of flour mixed smooth
ly with a little milk which has been re
served from the quart. Season with
pepper, salt and nutmeg. one-quarter
of a teaspoonful of each. Mlix the milk,
flour, eggs knd spice smoothly together.
Set it over the fire and stir until it is as
thick as cream. Put in a deep baking
dish alternate layers of sauce. fish andl
bread crumbs, in the order named, and
set in the oven until it is slightly
browned. Very little time is required,
as almost all the ingredients have
been previously cooked. It is an ex
cellent dish for breakfast, lunch or tea.
-Harper's Bazar.
RIBBONS AND LACES.
If Judliciously Applied 1Y1ll n1ake Old
Bodices as Good as New.
Bodices which are not quite up to
date are the foundation now for the
dainty blouse or bertha of lace, which
is so convenient in dressing up summer
gowns.
For summer evenings a blouse waist
of tulle is a pretty fancy. It is so sim
ply fashioned that it can easily be made
at home. One recently seen was of
white tulle, embroidered with blue
silk. The low neck and armholes were
outlined with a fine ruching of black
velvet baby ribbon. A black velvet
sash encircled the wvaist. It was worn
over an old-fashioned blue silk bodice.
An effective way of draping a bodice
with lace is also shown. The bows
should harmonize in color with the
skirt worn. This arrangement is es
pecially effective in black Chantilly
lace over a white bodice.
Then there are large cape-like col
lars of lace that are for sale in most of
the best stores. Of their infinite vari
ety only two are shown, which are fair
samples of all the others. They can
be bought either for an open neck or
with a standing collar. Of course they
are rather expensive, but they are very
effective, and most effective things are
expensive.
Another way of hiding from view the
deficiencies of a silk waist is to adorn
it with a deep bertha of embroidered
chiffon and ribbon. This fails over the
corsage back and front and is shirred
into a graceful epaulette over each
shoulder. There is a stock collar of
the filmy chiffon circled by a band of
ribbon, which hangs down in front
with long ends. In order to complete
ly cover the bodice a deep belt of the
same shade of'ribbon is worn about the
wvaist This ties in a jaunty knot at
the side.
These are not really cheap ways of
getting new dresses for old. Lace and
ribbon are never cheap. But they are
cheaper than buying the material for a
new dress, with the ribbons and laces
which you must have now to be fash
ionable, and then paying a dressmaker
to make it up. The effect is good, and
you eon dolt yourself.---Chicago Times
Dress at Weddlags.
Some authority has discovered that it
is not good taste to dress much at a
wedding, and a simple style of toilet ia
adopted for such an occasion. This
may be out of compliment to the bride
and her attendants, who are expected
to outshine invited guests. It is in
tended to make the marriage ceremony
more an affair of the heart and not so
much one of ceremony. Day dress,
with the addition of laces and light
gloves, will be the standard, it in said,
during the season, If the r'efoP should
become popauisar,
OF GENERAL INTEREST.
--Old bills of sale of negroes are
very common relics of slavery days,
but a bill of sale of an Indian woman
is a rare article among collections of
antiquarians. One of the latter, how
ever, is in the possession of J. B. Balch,
of Harwinton. Ct. The document,
which is dated 1717, records the selling
of a "'squaw" for fifteen shillings.
-The earliest chest was simply the
trunk of an oak tree scooped out and
cut down the middle, one-half serving
as a lid, which was at first kept closed
by a strap of leather, and later by one
made of iron. As late as the fourteenth
century the oak chest, in addition to
being a repository for valuables, served
as a seat. and sometimes as a table.
-The latest relic claimed to be in the
possession of a collector is the skull of
Sophocles, the great master of Gtreek
tragedy. The relic is at present owned
by Dr. Herman Mynter,of Buffalo, N. Y.,
to whom it was recently sent by his
brother, Prof. Ludwig lynter, direct
or-general of the royal possessions of
Greece, for exhibition at the world's
fair.
- -Travelers in Arctic regions say the
physical effects there are about as fol
lows: Fifteen degrees above, unpleas
antly warm; zero, mild: ten degrees
below, bracing; twenty degrees below,
sharp, but not severely cold; thirty
degrees below, very cold; forty degrees
below, intensely cold; fifty degrees be
low, a struggle for life.-N. O. Pica
yune.
. Every railway should have its sur
geon. He is a necessity as much as its
lawyer, its president or even its super
intendent. Both professions of law
and medicine are now a necessity for
the proper management and conduct of
a railway. The railway surgeon came,
perhaps, last, but he has come to stay,
and no railway of importance can now
dispense with this ofticer.-Mcdico
Legal .lournal.
-Sterilized milk is a very modern de
vice for infants and invalids. It sells
as high as fifty cents a quart, and is
bought sometimes in quantities to last
the individual consumer a year. It is
even sent to customers in Europe. It
is shipped in hermetically sealed ves
sels and may be kept like any other
preserve. Specimens have been found
sweet and wholesome two years after
leaving*the cow.
-Those Oriental balls of crystal that
most persons take for glass greatly in
crease in value with each inch of di
ameter. WVhile one-half an inch in di
ameter may be worth not more than a
few dollars, a ball eight inches in
diameter is worth thousands. There
are a few of these crystal balls at the
Metropolitan museum, and some deal
ers in Oriental goods usually have half
a dozen on hand. The Japanese call
them sleepy globes, because of the
dreamlike aspect of objects as seen
through the crystal.
- A cheap substitute for lay figures
now popular with small shopkeepers is
the lithographic head printed on paste
board and then cut into outline figures.
These heads are carefully attached to
rude lay busts, over which women's
gowns are draped, and the result is a
highly effective show window decora
tion. The lithographic heads are much
more human in appearance than the lay
figures of wax, wood or paper pulp com
monly in use for years, and artists of
some superficial ability are employed
in making the designs.
-In northern New England the way
farer is often surprised by coming upon
a big tomb, directly beside the road
and unconnected with a cemetery. Oc
casionally the door is open showing a
bier, coffin, boxes and other appurten
ances, and, very likely, stones and ap
ple cores tossed in by the prevalent
boy. These tombs are not intended for
permanent sepultures. There are mere
ly receiving vaults for use in winter.
when the cemetery on distant hillsides
are covered with two feet of snow and
the roads to them are impassable.
--Many New Yorkers who live up
town wait for their breakfasts until
they reach the lower part of town.
Several down-town restaurants find
that it pays to open early for such cus
tomers. One big restaurant opens its
doors at four o'clock every Inorning
and begins to serve meals at six. Some
of the customers walk down for the
exercise, and even those who ride seem
to believe in the theory that it is whole
some to move about before breakfast.
A reporter watched some of them the
other morning, and noticed that nearly
all had excellent appetites.
--VWhen rings are sent to a jeweler
for repair lie always cleans the stones
and surprises the owners by their
brilliancy. The accumulation of dirt
on the under side of a diamond or
other transparent gem is so slow that
the dulling of the stone is hardly no
ticed. Usually they are cleaned, with
out removal from their settings, with
the chewed endsof wooden toothpicks.
but they cannot be made entirely
bright without taking them out of
their clasps. The dirt that gets into
the space between thle ring and the
stone is often as hard as clay.
The Vlkling Ships.
The mystery of thIe viking ships is
now passing away, owing to the dis
covery of their remains during this cer.
tury. In 1867 a good-sized ship was
discovered near Sarpsborg, while in
1882 there was dug out of a murial
mound at Gokstad, near Christiania,
the entire remains of a viking ship
with most of her equipments in a good
state of preservation. The ship was
evidently the burial-tomb of its great
captain, for the bones of his horses and
dogs lay beside it; and, strangest thing
of all to relate, the bones of the
viking himself, a man of giant size, six
feet three and a half inches tall, were
found in a covered place amid ships. -
St. Nicholas.
A Mean Fellow
Clara-Of all mean, selfish, worldly.
despicable creatures, I think Mr. Hug
gem is the worst
Dora--Why, what has he done?
Clara--Ven I refused him, he did not
commit suicide, or go to a moutaitti
cave, or anything. lie's engagd t9 I
PERSONAL AND IMPERSONAL.,
-Daniel Webster used to be fond of
draughts. The widow of ex-Speaker
Linn Boyd, of Kentucky, says that
when in WashLpgton he often visited
her husband, and that they "would
play the dreary game of checkers
steadily hour after hour, sometimes till
after midnight."
-Richard Brinsley Sheridan was
once talking to a friend about the
prince regent, who took great credit to
himself for various public occurrences,
as if they had been directed by his po
litical skill or foreseen by his political
sagacity: "But," said Sheridan, after
expatiating on this, "what his royal
highness more particularly prides his.,
self on, is the late excellent harvest."
-Rev. Charles IH. Spurgeon was
asked not long before his death by
an American preacher, Rev. Dr. Wil
liam Wright, if it was true that he
once said: "Resist the devil -and he
will flee from you; resist a deacon and
he will fly at you." The great preacher
answered that the sentence was older
than his grandfather, and so-could-not
have originated with him, and that he
never had any experience which would'
have justified him in repeating it.
-Rossini was blessed with a not very
retentive memory-especially for names
of persons introduced to him. One day
he met Bishop, the English composer.
Rossini knew the face well enough,
and at once greeted him. "Ah! my
dear Mr. -," but he could progress
no further. To convince him that he
had not forgotten him. Rossini com
menced whistling IBishop's glee, "When
the Wind Bilows," a compliment which
"the English Mozart" recognized, and
would as readily have heard as his less
musical surname.
-Miss Caroline P'restonDavis could
not, according to the laws of the uni
versity of Virginia, attend its lectures,
but she did pass successfully its exami
nations in mathematics, receiving from
the faculty a certiicate of excellence,
and the members of the graduating
class voted to her the privilege of an
honorary diploma. Miss Irene W. Colt,
the brilliant young woman of Norwich,
Conn., who successfully passed the
classical examinations at Yale last'
summer, but was forbidden the priv
ilege of entering the university because
of her sex, has accepted a place as
teacher in the girl's seminary at Gen
eva, N. Y.-llarper's Bazar.
-Adm. laumann, the commander-in
chief of the French forces in Siam,
whose name has appeared so ofter in
print since the beginning of the trouble
between France and the Oriental coun
try, is the grandson of. Jean-George
Humann, a rich merchant of Strasburg.
lie was minister of finance under the
so-called July monarchy. The admiral
was born in 1838 and was graduated at
the naval school in 1837. He became a
captain in 18S0. Nine years later he
was made vice admiral and commander
in-chief of the division of the extreme
orient. le went on the French expe
dition to Syria. Corea and Cochin-China,
and played a prominent part during the
siege -of laris. He has been sent by
the government on several important
diplomatic missions.. The admiral
married Mile. de Bouthillier-Chavigny,
and is the father of six children.' He
is a man of medium height, exceeding
ly strong, erect and forceful-looking.
his features are large, his beard.is
heavy and gray. On the whole his
an ideal-looking French soldier.
"'A LITTLE NONSENSE." º -a
-l'igg-"You evidently think I am a"
fool." Fogg--"I am grateful to find
that what I think is evident even to
you."--Boston Transcript.
--lriggs-"Doesn't your wife object
to you smoking cigarettes about the
house?" Braggs--"Noo. She uses me
as a horrible example to our boy."-In
dianapolis Journal.
-Smith--"l don't believe Thomson
spends as much nloney as he did before
he was married." Itrown-"'No, he
doesn't: his wife spends it for him."
Demorest's Magazine.
-What lie Took.-Bizz-"I used to
belong to a theatrical company my
self." Futlite-"What part did you
take?" Rizz--"Oh. I took it all; I was
treasurer."-Detroit Free Press.
-lie (thoughtfully)-"'When a man
marries twice which wife does he take
when he gets to Hleaven?" She (who
loves him, dreamily) - "Neither. A
man who marries twice doesn't go to
Heaven."-Vogue.
-Sammy Squildig-"Pop said if I
went fishing without permission, he'd
thrash me till I couldn't rest." Dickey
McSwilligen---"Did you go?" "Yes."
"Well?" "I eat my meals off the man
tel now."-l'ittsburgh Chronicle.
-Husband (after a quarrel)-"Yoe
may buy the dress if you wish, but I
shant pay for it." Wife-"Then they'll
sue you for the amount." Husband
"So much the better; in that case I'll.
pawn the piano for the money."-Hu
moristiche Bilatter.
-.Josiah (reading bill of fare at the
roof garden cafe)-"'Taint no wondc
they're makin' money out of these here
sky-scraper buildin's." Mandy-"WVhy,
Josiah?" JTosiah--"Well, besides the
reg'lar victuals for folks they furnish
angels food, too."--Inter Ocean.
-"You have a lively set of clerks,"
'e said to the proprietor of the estab'
lishment. "It must be pleasant and
profltable to have employes so full of
energy and enthusiasm." "Yes," re
spondcd the proprietor, "we close early
to-day and they are getting ready to go -
home.-Tid Bits.
-Gussie Softleigh-"Weally, I cawRn't
imagine anything more howwible than
being goahed to death by a howw~hi.
cow, cawn you, Miss Bluntley?" Bellie
Bluntley--"N'o, Mr. Softleigh, unless
it is to meet the same fate by a calft. :
Then she drove the remark into II
head with a yawn and he faded laws
Buffalo Courier.
-"Raggsy," said Tired Thesasast
Tramp to his companion, "deo +
says there's a fnanshul convadlou
our midst" "That's only a no
sensation, T guess, Tummyv. I at
no uneasiness in the money
self.. Coi,'s as plenty with "I
ever. Will you join me iPn a'
this well water·p lr 's M