THE GAZI$T1B.
ISSUED EVERY SATURDAY
HIOMER MOUTON. - - PROPRIr.TOS.
OFFICIAL JOURNAL OF THIS PARISH.
antered as the Lafayette La. Post-Oifce as Second
Class Matter.
SATURDAY, APRIL 24, 1897.
NARRO W-AfNDED PEOPLE.
Some people, whose mental vision
is very limited, are seemingly dis
pleased because this paper has sold
a portion of its space to a New
Iberia firm, and their displeasure
has reached such alarming propor
tions that they even threaten to
withdraw the support which they
may have accorded us in the past.
For the information of those who
have taken such an unreasonable
view of this matter, The Gazette
will state that its advertising space
is for sale to anyone engaged in a
legitimate business, and it matters
not if the advertiser should live in
Lafayette, New Iberia or anywhere
else. This paper does business on
the principle practiced by intelli
gent persons in other branches of
trade.
If there is a merchant in Lafa
yette who is so narrow-minded that
he will refuse to sell goods to a man
because he should happen to live
outside the limits of this parish, we
would like to get his picture
so that it could be framed
and preserved for exhibition at
the next centennial exposition.
And if the proprietor of this
paper had refused to accept.-the ad
vertisement of a New Iberia firm he
would have placed himself in the
same category.
The Gazette will state that not
withstanding its ardent desire to
please the esteemed gentlemen who
would restrict the- paper..to such
narrow limits, it will continue to
sell its advertising space to all those
who believe it is worth buying and
paying for. It will do this regard
less of the fact that it may incur the
disfavor of those who have got
ten into the habit of looking at
every thing through a gimlet hole.
NOT A POPULIST.
Because the Hon. Jos. 1V. Bailey,
leader of the Democrats In the
House of Representatives, has seen
fit to decline an invitation to at
tend a reception at the White House
for the reason that, he would not
wear a "'claw hammer" coat, he is
called a Populist by those papers
who think that no man is a states
man unless he shows a disposition
to ape the Anglo-maniacs of Ameri
can society. Joe Baily represents
a district in Texas composed of
plain American citizens who will
think much more of their congress
man because he has shown his con
tempt for the obsequious toad-eaters
at the national capital. The young
congressman from Texas runs to
brains and not to spike-tail coats.
Some of the latter-day Democratic
saints may believe it is witty to call
him a Populist, because he would
not imitate the titled flunkies of
European courts, but the plain
American who admires Jeffersonian
simplicity, Jacksonian independence
and the splendid Americanism of
Abe Lincoln will applaud the brainy
Texan.
Joe Bailey evidently belongs to
that class who believe that men are
sent to Congress for other purposes
than to participate in dress parades.
The jewish Passover, also known
as the feast of the unleavened
bread, began yesterday evening and
will continue eight days. The
festival is commemorative of the
sparing or "passing ever" of the
Israelites when Egypt was smitten
by the Lord, and is observed with
great devotion and prayer. An ele
meat of the observance is the eating
of none but unleavened bretd, in
the form of a cracker called matzos.
This practice has a double sigiifi
cance, according to scriptural his
tory and tradition: when the Jews
fled from Egypt they carried with
them the unleavened dough from
which the morrow's bread was to
have been baked, not stopping in
their haste to leaven it; and in
ancient harvest seaso'is the He
brews are saide have eaten their
bread in like unileavened condition
in order not to spend time in com
pleting its preparation which could
be more profitably employed in
cied work. -Donaldsonville Chief.
TILE DONiVKEY VOTERS.
Daily States. -
I The Boston Post thus puts the case:
,"Suppose the value of the cloth is a suit
of clothes is $co. Under the present tariff
the single ad valorem rate of 4o per cent
raises the cost to $14. The new McKinley
or Dingley tariff imposes a tax of three and
one-half to four times the duty on wool of
- the first clases, 8 to IS cents a pound, and
S20o per cent ad valorem, according to the
price. This would raise the cost of the
clothes from $1o to $23 or $26."
Thus the consumer will be forced to. pay
under the Dingley bill at the very least o10
more for a suit of inexpensive woolen
clothes than he is now paying under the
Wilson bill. Let us make a little estimate
which must of necessity be in the nature of
an approximate one.
The population of Louisiana is in round
numbers about I,2oo,ooo-the census of
I 1890 gives 558,395 whites and 559,193
r blacks. Of the former there are say xoo,ooo
males, all of whom, though not adults, are
old enough to wear coats and breeches. It
is within bounds that each of these will re
quire to suits of clothes a year, or we can
fling in the woolen underclothing and hats
to make up for the any deficiency on the
score of the boys. So we have the neat I
little sum of $4,ooo,ooo extorted from the
white males of this State alone simply for
clothing. To this let us add $1,ooo,ooo
for woolen goods for the women, girls and
babies, and a like amount for the entire
negro population, and we have a yearly tax
of $6,ooo,ooo for the sole beneft of the
handful of wool growers of the country.
But, it may be incidentally remarked that
i this is a trifling sum in comparison with the
enormously increased taxation consumers
will be forced to pay for other products un
der the operation of the Dingley bill.
The estimated population of the Union is
72,00ooo0,000, of whom only about 8,ooo,o00
are colored. Their consumption of woolen
goods will be in the same ratio as that of the
people of Louisiana-greater in fact-85,
ooo,ooo for every 6oo,ooo whites and $1,- c
ooo,ooo for every 6oo,ooo blacks. Hence
the 64,00ooo0.0ooo will be annually robbed of
t $535.ooo,ooo, and the 8,000,000 of $13,000ooo
ooo, all for the benefit of the sheep-raisers.
And it must be remembered that these fi
fiures do not represent the total value of
woolen products, but only their enhance
ment through the instrumentality of the rob
ber bill which was passed through a Repub
lican House by an overwhelming majority,
and which the same party will force through
t the Senate if it is possible to be done.
But the Providence Journal, strictly in
dependent sa. far as political parties are con
s cerned, gives some figures on the subject
which dwarf our rough ones into absolute
insignificance. It says that on a moderate
estimate the $200,000,000 which the Dingley
tariff is expected to raise for the government
will cost the people $s.3oo,0oo,0oo in ad
vanced prices, which will of course go into 4
the pockets of the protected classes-the
share of the farmer and the laborer and the
professional man and the merchant, as well,
will be nix.
It is one of the unsolved problems how a
man, not a manufacturer, claiming the pos
session of even a modicum of brains, can
get his consent to connive at the robbery of
himself and the great mass of his fellow
citizens by giving support to the Republican
party. On the other hand, it is very easy to
understand why the manufacturing barons
and proprietors of other protected industries
not only vote that ticket themselves, but are
prompt to contribute largely of their spoils
to the purchase of the votes of donkeys who
really should be deprived of the right of
franchise on the score of mental imbecility.
Gov. Foster Defended.
To The Lafayette Gazette:
St. Martinville, La., April 17, 1897
Although we feel that his Excellency,
Murphy J. Foster, by the will of the white
people and of the l)emosratic party Gov
ernor of the great State of Louisiana, needs
no defense at our hands from the puny at
tacks of that little "paper," the Messenger, ]
yet we deem it proper, as a resident of the
town of St, Martinville, as a Democrat and
one, who has kept a very close watch of the
political doingcs of that "paper," to state a
few points, which, in our opinion, would go
far to place things in their proper light.
The Gazette must certainly remember
that in the last presidential and congres
sional election, that although, the Messen
ger had announced itself in favor of the free -
coinage of silver, it supported McKinley,
and protection and the single standard. That
during the whole length of that exciting
campain. when literature was cheap as dirt
and could have been obtained for the asking,
it fed its readers exclusively and invariably
upon excerpts, taken from that most vile and
scurrilous sheet, the Daily Item, the editor
of which is an arch enemy of Democracy
and whose lies and calumnies have brought
upon him repeated and just castigations.
That during all that time, when the Demo
cratic party and the white people were be
ing denounced and their character assailed
by imported Alabama cranks and Taylor
Beattie, the candidate for Congress, a known
political sycophant, far from taking part and
defending the Democratic party and the
characters of those who had established
white supremacy in the parishes of Lafa
yette, St. Martin and Iberia, the Messenger
Sdid, on the contrary, open its columns to
the enemy, publishing the virulent denun
ciations of the white people by Taylor
SBeattie and that Alabama crank, whose
I name I have tried and succeeded to forget.
I When that valiant, true and eloquent
Syoung creole, Bob Broussard, became the
Sstandard bearer of Democracy and white
Ssupremacy, did the Messenger take up his
Scause and give him its support ? No, the
Democratic party, the cause of white suprem
- acy, the ties of blood, had no more claims
Son the editor of the Messenger, because
aforsooth, Gov. Foster, four years before,
Shad recognized good Democrats in the or
- ganization of the school board of the parnsh
- of St. Martin and had over-looked the
I claims that the Messenger and its friends
I had upon him, for their opposition to
Sthe lottery and those lightlng for McEnery.
) In conclusion, Mr. Editor, allow us to
I say that you are wrong, indeed, very 1
I wrong in worrying yourself over the preju
- dice, or what not, of the Messenger against
r Gov. Foster. It cannot do him any harm,
I but, in our opinion, it will considerably in
Screase his popularity in this parish and do a
I world of good to the cause of white su
I premacy and true Democracy.
A Fassas
i. Hi. Vyordcenbcumen -
. Cheap Cash Dealer in
LUL IBCR
Sash Doors and Blinds
Hickman's Celebarted Wagons Patent Farm
Gates, Sedgwick Steel Wire Netting, awarded
first Price at the World's Fair.
Oliver Steel Plows._ .
Galvanized Barb Wire fencing at $2.5o per zoo Ibs,
Wire Nails at $2.75 per keg base.
Lumber delivered in car load lots at any Station. Corn
taken in exchange for lumber. Orders by mail prompt
ly attended to A. D. MARTIN, Agent.
Box 153, Lafayette, La.
P. DeMANIIDe, .
LIQUOTRS.
Wine and Tobaccos,
STAPLE AND FANCY GROCERIES.
Lafayette, Louisiana.
Felix Demanade
HE-- MEIGHNT,
UP-TO-DATE EINT
Sells Cheap
Groceries, Crockery, Liquors, Willowware, Fancy Goods.
FRESH STOCK ! CHEAP PRICES !
Lafayette, Louisiana.
What about those
SPIINO GOODS
At the+ + + .+
Lafayette Clothing House ?
Styles and prices to
Suit Everybody.
The Nicest Line of Clothing, Hats and Shoes ever
Brought to Lafayette.
There are others but none so good as the
Lafayette -
CLOTHING "HOUSE.
e o IF YOU'RE ASLEEP
Don't wake up o 0 0
On our account. We want to
talk only to live people. To
that class who knows a good
thing when they see it in
Gents' Furnishings
And are ready to push it along
when they can get the very best
of boots, shoes, hats, caps, La
dies capes and a complete line
of Ladies Dress Goods
At the very lowest prices.
That's the kind of buyers
we want. We buy cheap
and sell on the smallest
margin
Yours in the future,
LEON PLONSKY.
Be sure you are right and go .ahead,
Exclaimed old Davy Crocket, but,
Not all are able see the wisdom to be
Found in this oft-quoted adage
Although it is as full of it as Solomon.
Like the rugged old Hero of the Alamo, I
-Kan't help advising you
To be sure you are on the right road and then go ahead
until you reach my store where you can buy anything
you may need at prices that will surprise you, whether
you want to purchase
Drygoods. Clothing. Notions.
Boots and Shoes or Furniture.
THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF L FAYETTE.
CAPITAL 860,000.
CROW GIRARD, Preesident. S. R. PARKERSON, Cashier.
J. C. PARKERSON, Vice Preeldent. F. V. MOUTON, Assistant Cashle
--DIRECTORS-
CROWI GIRARD, J. S. W.IITTING TON, P. B. ROY, :
C. C. BROWN, .4 J. AltrSS, J. G. PARRRS9P
ALCIDE JUDICE, CI/AS. D. CAFFERY., N. P. AMOSS.
f Want
Your Trade,
And if low Prices can do it.
We will have it.
We have a nice Stock of Summer Goods at
Summer Prices.
No humbug, call and see for
yourself.
Yours for Success,
MARTIN & DUCOTE.
GUS. LACOSTE,
DEALER IN
Carriages, Harness,
Stoves, Agricutural Implements of all Kinds.
Pipes, Couplings, Elbows, Nipples, Unions, Tees, Plugs. Gauge
cocks, Brass Valves, Reducers, Foot Valves, Pitcher Spout Pumps.
He is prepared to meet all honest competition. Give him a trial,
he will sell good goods at close prices.
Fresh Coods, New Styles, Low Prices,
AT
Mrs. W. B. Bailey's NEW STORE,
Near the Catholic Church.
A large assortment of Hats, Shapes, Ribbons,
Flowers and Feathers, FANCY GOODS, Belts Em.
broideries, Laces, Etc.
AT
E 8 COURT-HOUSE
SQUARE. ,.
YOU CAN BUY.
Pure Drugs,
Fine Groceries,
Good Crockery,
Table and Hardware, the best in Tobaccos and Ci
gars. The Choicest soaps, Perfumery, etc.
(Z v Southern Pacific
SUNSET _
~~ "Sunset Route"
DOUBLE DAILY NEW ORLEANS
I I AID GALVESTOK
. TRAIN SERVICEI S" AN ONIO
With Buffet Sleepers 'AB ALVESTOII
Only Standard Cauge Line
Running Through Sleepers to City of Mexico.
Night and Morning Connection at
New Orleans with Lines to
NEW YORK, PHILADELPHIA, 1VASHINGTON, ALANTA, CIN
CINNATI, ST. LOUIS, MEMPHIS AND CHICAGO.
8. IF. B. MORSE, L, J. PARKE,
Gen'l Pass. & Ticket Agent, A. G. P. T. A.
New Orleans, La. Houston, uexas.
For Sale.
Seventy arpents of woodland, situated
about six miles from town of Lafayette;
a small cabin on said land; only two hun
dred cords of wood cut from same.
Also one lalge wagon for sale.
For full particulars apply to C. Lusted,
or to C. II, Lusted, Lafayette. La.
Taken Up.
Taken up by the undersigned near Indian
Bayou, one gray pony horse. No brand
visible. Owner can have same by proving
property and paying cost.
JAs. ItS Nt II1oFrAt'sa.
April to, 1897.