. : eetnera n easy  c
d ma  a mke you st
_' mz oM and gU,-a soa _
Boldiat everywhe re. Book,
S,_ p . tor Smoke Your ife
"What do you think of the com
w'ema" Cawker-"IShe is not wor
eea If she waits tobutton her gloves
illotrrive inyourlifetime or mine."
'I aon's believe Jack will ever learn to
-- I- "Worse than that; he will never
`hat not to attempt it!"-Boston Budget.
Open the Safety Valve
S1When there Is toe big a head of steam on,
or you will be in danger. Similarly, when
eR t. important safety valve of the system,
:th bowels, becomes obstructed open it
b' " elpromptly with Hostetter's Stomach u Bitters,
-.,ad guard against the conscqtences of its
,.closure. Biliousness, dyspepsia, malarial,
~rhsmnatio and kidney complaint, nervous
- and neuralgia are all subjugated by this
: t but potent conqueror of disease.
anI--d-"ho ydo somany of the girls get
married in June A 'June brides,' you know."
IPcly--"That's easyl . It's because they're
sked."-Chicago Record.
"War was the bee selected as a model
of industryl" asked Tillinghast. "leca`use
business with him is always humming," re
plied Oildersleeve.
Trms who for the flsuttimeare tobecome
mothers shouldnse "Mother's Friend. Much
suffering wvil be saved. Sold by druggists.
WAB kills men, and men dellore the loss
but war also crushes bad principles and
tyrants, and so saves societies.--Colton.
A Good Appetite
Indicates a healthy condition of the sys
- tn and the lack of it shows that the
stomach and digestive organs are weak
and debilitated. Hood's Sarsaparilla has
.wonderful power to tone and strengthen
these organs and to create an appetite.
B' y doing this it restores the body to
health and prevents attacks of disease.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is the only true blood purifier promi
nently before the public eye to-day.
Hood's Pills the after-dinner. pill d
igLOOK FOR THIS
LOCK
-IT IS ON
4BEST SCHOOL SHOE"
SCHOOL
SMOE
-@ FOR
I3 7n--$1.25 1 to 1S33-$I.75
fto 104--1.50 1 to 3 - 2.00
IF YOU OAN'T GET THEM FROM YOUR
DEALER WRITE TO
HAMILTON-BROWN SHOE CO.,
DRESSMAKERS
FIND TSE
LATEST
PARIS
FASHIONS
-IN
L'Art de La Mode.
8 Colored Plates,
DesIgned by Our Special
Corps of
PARISIAN ARTISTS.
lsOrder it of your Newsdealer or send 85
aents for latest number to
THE MORSE-BROUGHTON CO.,
S East 19th St., a NEW YORK
W-Marzow THIS PAPER
* ASK YOUR DRUGGIST FOR *
JIVWERTA
kTiTHE BEST-k
POR
INVALID S
* JOHN CARLE & SONS, New York. *
BEST IN THE WORLD,
T1E RISING SUN
STOVE POLISH in
blacking of a stove.
THE SUN PASTE
after- dinner shine,
re , applied and pol
, ished with a cloth.
BrDoes., Props., Canton, Mass., U.S.A.
EWIS' 98 r LEYE
pO SERE~p dAPERPUEED.
The strongest and purest Lye
made. Unlike otherLye, it being
g fine powader and packed I n can
with removable e id ecoentents
ee, always ready for use. Will
mak.e the beet perfumed Hard
Soap in 20 minutes oftkoul boil
_ g.l t is the best for cleanslng
- waste pipes. disinfecting sinks.
, o"osets. washing bottles, paints
tleas.et. PENNA.SALT N'F'( CO'
TanksBreechi gs. Smoke
Stacks, Stand Pipes Eto.
Ligthtand heayW plate iron
orkShofeverydescioe.
i.. .eu.a rms. 'rEarM.
"; SCHOOL
oR FiOR LIFE.
VrllBtllnnLT u SWITCfllAT
a.me, nww. I
est I RUFUS 8ANDERS
Tho Sege ts Itooky Oreaek--j8rm
Irn Writh His Mouti.
3ragraioten flack Hasseltine and Making
Mlo Ctops--lard Licks and Big Talk
Wia she Fgllht--uaint Philose
phyla in Chips ad SplInters.
(Qo@rrttht 13*.)
The most outdoihebt thing you ever
heard tell of pet'hnps, t reckon I have
done this year. Did you ever hoar tell
of n nan that
could do good
farmin allalone
with his mouth:?
'Vell, that is the
toa a nat's heel.
I have made the
bulliest kind of
a crop this year
over eta the old
,-n \t .,1H ass eltinc
place, andI
haven't hit a
lick nor spent a
\ \ . "cent tO make it.
1 have been funnin of a one-horse farm
over there, you understand, altogether
with my mouth.
Remladed aot Prinef.
Year before last old man Iasseltine
got silek abed with a fever, and sick
unto death, so by-and-by he had to take
out and quit. Henceforwards from
that time on his son luck has been iiV
In there on the old place and hakhti out
like he was runnitt of a farm. I re
member onest upon a, time ,vhilst Par
son Zeb Newton was ridin the Circuit
and preachin the gospel, but swappin
horses and drinkirt whisky considera
ble between times, old Squire W\ilson
told me that Zeb Ne',ton reminded
him of a preacher. And that has been
the way with me and Buck Hasseltine
up to this year. You understand IDuck
was born and bred and brung up on a
farm and never did live a day nor hit a
lick anywheres else, but till here right
lately about the very best that i could
say for Buck was that he reminded me
of a farmer.
The very first year after the old man
'ied Buck lit in he did and made the
old Hasseltine place famous for tall
grass and sorry erops-famous for miles
and miles around. People would come
from way over in the hill country and
way down in the Flat Woods and ride
around by the IIasseltine place to see
the sights. And they poked so mortal
much fun at Buack till it was a thou
sand wonders to me he didn't lay down
his hand and jump the game. He made
some fodder and a few nubbins of corn
and a light sprinkle of bumblebee cot
ton. But he stayed in, you under
stand, and played the game out for
what little there was in it.
Whereas after all that it was mon
strous strange to me to see Buck sail
in last spring and pitch another crop.
Now as to Buck Ilasseltine, he never
was what you would call rale low down
lazy. The mainest trouble with him
was that he never had learnt anything,
you understand. lie didn't know ex
actly when to strike, and he didn't
know for certain how to hit. He would
take one poor little slab-sided, razor
back, wobbledy-leged mule and plants
crops enough for a pair of fine young
mules and three full grown men to
work. lie would bite off three or four
times more than he could chaw, and
then gum up the cards and make a gen
eral mess and confusionment and fail
ure. He needed somebody to back him
with a little judgment and brag on him
for every lick, you understand. Some
youngsters are like some colts. Some
times you can lead 'em all right when
you can't sorter drive em.
Irraggln on Buck.
So finally at last I come to the con
clusion that I would try my hand at
braggin on Buck. I lorved to myself
that plenty of big talk and hard licks
mought maybe bring forth a good crop
on the old Ilasseltine place, and I
knowed if HIuck would manage so as to
do the work I could hustle around and
furnish the necessary big talk. And
last spring I lit in I did and went to
braggin on IBuckl to beat six bits.
One mornin in the spring, a little af
ter daylight, I was ridin along the Has
seltine place, and bless gracious there
was huck out there at the lot feedin
his stock. It stood to reason with me
right then and there that somethin was
wrong somewheres, you understand,
and I found out afterwards that the
baby had a bad sick spell that night
and kicked up such a howlin rumpus
till the onlyest thing for Ilack to do
was to git up and out at the break of
day. But I didn't let on like it was
anything oncustonmry and .went to
braggrin on Buck as the most earliest
riser in the settlement. 1 likewise also
give him that good old song and dance,
you understand, which is to say:
"'Early to bedl and early to rise
Makes aman healthy, wealthy and wise."
'-That is the onlyest way for a far
mer to farm and farm right, Bluck,"
says I. '"heat the sun up every day
and hit a reglar, steady lick till the
cows come holnme and the evenin stars
sing together, and you are bound to
whip the fight. handsdown.
"T'he seasons went powerful agin
you last year, Buck." I went on to say,
but that want your fault. Then you
waded in ruther deep and planted crops
enough for three or four men. That is
the trouble with a heap of young
men-particlar them that are ambi
tious like and full of grit andi go. You
have got the natural stuff and mate- '
rials in you for the muakin of a bully
good farmer. You can do more work
than any one mnan inl the settlement,
but you can't do as much as three men.
I am bettin on you this year, Buck, and
the money is up. Now if you will fence
off somne of the bills and hollows and
branches for paster, sow down about
ten acres in oats and shave the farm
down to fit one man and one mole I will
win that money as easy as findin it in
a gum stump."'
I then went on about my business,
and the next news I got frotm Luck
Hasseltine he had fenced off a good
paster and sowed down a whole passle
of oats. The next time I passed along
that way I found Biuclk cleanin off his
corn land and burnin brush, as busy as
a thousand beesin one tar bucket. But
I stopped him long enough to put in a
few stanzas of the necessary big talk.
"That's right Buck-that's perfectly
all right" says I. 'A soon start makes
a smooth tinish, and by gatlins I can
see you are in the fight to win. Now
dcam't forget to give your corn the main
eat plowin before you plant it. Go
right down into the bowels of the earth
when you break your land, and in the
hst plowin let your bull-tongue sooot
er rWh, IIae deep right olat to thq
atns. Thea bust out the middles deep
and after that stay on top of the ground
ansd keep the }frass down with your
bi'askd-wing sweeps. But I must git
on back towards home and whoop up
the hands a little. I can't stand still
and see other men runuin way yonder
ahead of me with Ae general faerm
work."
k',.o (irat For l'oktbi
Thin aldng about cotton planin time
I irode around by the old Hasseltine
place oncst more, you. ianderstaid, aind
put in a few extry licks in big talk.
By gracious I bragged on Buck, and
blragged on his wife and baby, and
bragged on his stock, and bragged on
his crops, and bragged on his work; and
bragged on everything ii i ight: iBe
fore I left there I had got him Wo:ked
up to such a terrible high pitch t.c, 1
could see hio Was plum tiervious and
restless for tie it stakrt hstine st ihe tould
sail in and go down after some more
grass.
By that time, between hu·-lc' hare'
work and my bi* tallk, We had it stlvin,
tine ef'op grottin over there on the old
liasseltine place. As the hot and swel
try weather come on I managed so as
to happen along right frequent and do
a little braggin at thed rght said tiroper
tit'e. I cwanted uiick ind his mule to
takti all the slack out of the traces and
keep it out, you understand. And
every time I went over there-every
time I heard from there, Buck and that
mule was stretched out across the ficke
and stirrint f'eah dirt frt'om daylight till
dark. Dog my teats if that boy didn't
Work so hard and sor, reglar and so con
stant, till he got as libor as a snake and
come blaiihe nigh gittin down on the
lifts. Nothin has saved him but a
strong appetite and plenty of plain
grub and a little big talk from me.
But by gollys you jest ought to come
down and ride around by the old Has
seltine place with hme and see the crops
me and Buck are growin over there.
Blast my buttons if that farm aint the
talk of the whole entire country for
forty miles around. I have got plenty
of help now. Everybody is braggin on
Buck and his crops, and the onlyest
thing that pesters me is for fear, if the
braggin goes on at the present lick, the
boy will work his fool self to death be
fore cool weather comes.
To be certainly of course, of all the
bully crops now growin on the old Has
seltine place, narry lock of cotton, and
narry grain of corn is comnin my way.
But I am bound to maintain, and you
are bound to own up that I have done
some farmnin over there this year. I
didn't lose no time, and I didn't sweat
no great drops of perspiration to speak
of, you understand, and consequential
ly I don't make no charges for farmin
with my month.
Buck is now so monstrous thin till a
little more and you could see through
him. But his appetite is good and his
sperits are high. He is happy, and his
wife is happy, and so am I. And whilst
there ain't no cash money for me in
farmin with my mouth, yet still I have
got my share in the general results.
"Then do your best for one another.
Makln life a pleasant dream.
Help a worn and weary brother
Pullin hard against the stream."
( hips and Splinters.
You can help your neighbor up jest
about as easy as you can hold him
down, and then you will sleep a whole
lot better at night.
Many a man can write big and tall
big about the farmers and the farm,
"'hen at the same time he wouldn't
know a bull-tongue scooter from a buz
zard-wing sweep, or a stack of hay from
a covered wagon.
In orderment to make a good farm
hand a man must rest a little and work
a right smart and eat a whole passle.
The old farm will always keep peace
in your mind and plenty in the pantry
if you will but only treat her fair and
tickle her bosom right frequent.
About the most easiest and quickest
way to git there is to hit the grit and
hit it a movin.
Pure laziness and hard times run to
gether, you understand, as natural and
easy a battercakes and molasses.
Blessed is the man that don't want
much and knows right where to go and
git it. Rurus SA&YDv.s.
A WViscoxslI sheep breeder advocates
feeding grain to sheep ten months in
the year.
THE man who sticks to raising first
class cat tle and hogs, and does it with
good judgment, will find it reasonably
iprofitas be.
AN Iow-a swine breeder says that a
pig that has recovered from a genuine
attack of thumps is about worthless for
breeding purposes.
Time New York experimnent station
has been ma.king some practical tests
with cows as to the amount of water
they drinlk. It was found that during
lactation, or the milk-giving period, the
average per nmonth was one thousand
six hundred and sixty pounds.
Woon ashes make the best fertilizer
for crimson clover. Although this clover
thrives on land that has been used until
but little fertility remains, yet it needs
plant food and gives the best resulth
when manure or ashes (or both) are
applied.
IF the pasture is scant it can be made
to go further by herding end allowing
the stock to eat down a portion of the
field at the time. Even with hogs and
sheep this plan can be followed with
out nmuch extra labor. Movable fences
.sometimes meet the purpose.
CIURCH STATISTICS.
THE Independent Churches of Christ
in Christian Union [nulmber 204 organ
!zations. with 1Th churches and 18,214
members..
TiE United Brethren Church in
Chri:st number 202.474, and own prop
erty valued at 8i.292.643. They have
:.e:,1 churches and 780 halls.
'rTHE Disciplcs of Christ claim 7,246 or
ganizations. withl a mneanbership of 641.
(051. Their churches number 5,324, val
ued at $12.2-O,03S.
Ture Christian church, south, has a
meml)e'rship of 13.004, divided into 143
societies and owning 135 churches, val
ued at i:7,00.0.
Tle Evangelical Adventists have a
membershcip of 1.14-7. They claim 22
churclhecs and have church property val
ned at 8a01.400.
Tue reorganized Church of Jesus
Christ of Latter-day Saints claims 21,
773 meilcers and owns 12"3 churches,
valued at 42202.M5.
IIE iteformed Presbyterian church
in the United States and Canada has
me society, one church, y;1~cd 0Ik 75,,
H)0 and 6OQO members.
I FARMtR ANb PILANThE.
r
t COTTON CULTURE.
SThe Importance of Leamtieass Crops for
the Iestratlen of the Wort Out Cotton
SLauds oi tih south;
Ii ijr IiLbh lette 1 tirid FFeid th
ipipob'tttiade lI Ibgumbiious crops il th
restordtio bof onui land. so as to tiiake
t maximum crops possible and sjkioke
t of the lmporttºtet bf thb ?,oiithi:. ebA
I pea in starting this improvement.
Within the past five years another
I crop has been introduced to our farm
I ers' notice that promisecs to be the
t Rrentent aid and aslt tIt thld eCd' tP'8
I for the southerii fariner that has yet
Sbeen tested. This is the annual grow
I ing ci0 ert hoe l.indwmn as erimSrrt
I clovei. There is no pilaiiL thitt fti itdi
1 so well with the cow pea as a forage
I crop for the south or as a renovating
crop. I hate beed urgiiig the fiterits
of this clover upon the cotton farneis
of the sduth for several years and not
only o0 the iotton farmners, but on alt
I of our farmers alike. Air. IR. :'. Me
Anally, of Saxon, N. C., writes that he
s tried crirnson clover three years ago.
but it grew only nine inches high and
7 ha diseat-ded it. :lint recently he
was induced to give ii; aidther
I trial with the help of 800 pounds of
I kainit per acre harrowed in with the
seed, and now lie reports a wonderful
growth "as thick as the hair on a
dog'e back," This shows that his soil
needed the help of the potash ih the
kaiiit to etiabld it to gdther nitrogdei
for him. The great advantage to the
I cotton farmer in the crimson clover
crop is that he can sow it all through
his cotton field after the cultivation
is over in August and will have a
green pasture all winter in place of a
bare soil washing away all through
the tvinter riains, and will have a
growth to plow tinder for cot*n its the
spring that will insute hiim a good
crop. Then as I have said, it fits in
well with the cotw pea crop. for is
soon as the peas are cut for hay, he
can sow the clover seed on the land
after stirring it with a cutaway har
row, and can pasture it until time to
put the land in order for cotton.
Mr. William Choice, of Spartanburg,
S. C., writes that lie had an outlying
farm that he tried to sell as he had
more land than he needed, but failing
to do so, he asked my advice how to
treat it, as the land had been badly
run down under the old one-crop
plantingsystem. I advised him to use
liberally potash salts and dissolved
phosphatic rock, and sow it down in
crimson clover. lie prepared in Au
gust a large field and did as directed.
The results have been he says inore
than satisfactory. "In April follow
ing the clover was in full bloom, and
made a large crop of hay, which was
off in time to plant cotton. Planted
on the clover sod without any other
manure, and the young cotton now
shows that rich rank growth which is
a fair harbinger of a good crop. This
goes to show that a proper rotation,
with crimson clover as the basis
of recuperation, will make the farm
rich and at the same time give paying
crops." Here then we sec the effect of
one well-fetilized crop of crimson
clover, the hay from which fully paid
all the expense of the fertilizers in
giving the promise of a good crop
without further fertilization. No lills
for complete fertilizers at a high price
to be paid for out of that cotton.
This shows what I have been for
years insisting upon, that the true
way to fertilize for our sale crops is to
use the cheaper forms of mineral plant
food to grow a heavy crop of the
plants that are going to capture for us
the nitrogen that costs so much in
a complete fertilizer and thus
not only get a heavy forage
crop to feed for the making of
a profit out of stock, and to make
our manure pile larger, but thus fix
nitrogen in the land for the succeeding
crop of cotton or corn. This is in effect
not only getting the fertilizer free for
the cotton crop, but the making of a
profit in doing so, and at the same time
have the satisfaction to know that our
soil is actually being improved by the
process. It has been well said that
"the coming farmer of the south will
be a legume farmer." Cow peas and
crimson clover, with a liberal use of
the cheap potash and phosphate, lie at
the very foundation of all rational
farm improvement in the south. lBy
their aid the land need never, either in
summer or winter, be left to the wast
ing of rains and sun by lying bare,
but between every herd crop may be
covered with a growth to yield
profit while it gathers fertility
for the land and food for the sale crops.
iBut it must not be assumed that these
crops will bring all the elements of
fertility to a soil that has been ex
hausted by long tillage andti exposure
to the leaching effects of rain and sun.
If you want the best results from the
action of leguiinous crops, you mnust
feed them. They will gather nitro
gen for you free, buit they can not get
the potash and phosphoric acid that
the crops of former years have taken
from the soil, and without these are
given them they can not get the nitro
gen they would with a well-developed
growth, and you will not only lose the
hay crop they would give but
the effect on the soil for subse
quent crops. Nothing from nothing
and nothing remains. It will pay far
better to put a liberal dressing of the
cheap mineral fertilizers on the pea
and clover crops than to put the same
money value in a high-grade fertilizer
on the cotton crop direct, and not only
pay better in thie cotton crop, but in
the permanent improvementof the soil.
Having these two crops then as sheet
anchors in our efforts to grow cotton
cheaply, we will take up in our next
the various rotationa of crops that
may be practiced with cottcn as the
money crop; or, in other words, the
way in which we will change from
planting to farming.-W-. F. Massey.
North Carolina Experiment Station.
DEEP PLOVWING.
One of the Means of lestorlng Apparently
Lost Fertility.
Deep plowing brings to the surface
for fertilization, by the action of the
elements, soil that has been lying dor
mant for ages. Earth brought to the
surface from a depth of several feet in
the earth is soon converted into pro
ductive soil by the action of the ele
ments. Deep plowing, therefore,
makes the soil rich as deep as plowed.
A thin soil may be made deep by deep
plowings and subsoiling; by loosening
the soil by use of the sub-soil plow,
the surface soil is washed down by
rains and becomes incorporated with
sub-soil, making a rich, deep soil, more
valuable for all purposes than a thin
soil.
Y~'it Sood eMete Is the arh o ~
wat -depth. Tb. roots of many
plants go downi t4 it depth of many
feet. Lucerne, it Is said, will seiid its
roots to the depth of ten to twenty
feet. The various elements of plant
food found in the earth are attracted
to the urttade in the greatest quanti
ties by lieeping tie soil mellow to a
kbdd tieltibii iid this is dline by deep
plowing dnd tiisdiiitlti besides the
plant food obtained in the edrth tltere
idt kio ttofbd it the iir a large amuini6
of pl;it fld-, the use ot whish by
plants is greatly facilitated by Iteeping
the soil loose and moist. Deep plow
ing, therefore, favors the appropriation
of plant food under all possible condi
tiolis of ad!l dicd eiw
By keeping the soil loose to & o6d
depth, the loss of crops in extremes of
season will l-s avoided. In seasons of
dlibight, fndistdre A fii:tilltalindi by
aii opt anid finiloeit Soil, andi wlnea
excessive rains. pi=:'fti the water
ptdsces away readily from tihe routs ~4
the geowin. a irotis. Deep plowing,
therefore, is a great ;dvt~iteie under
all circumstances, and at all ti,.fe
While shallow plowing not only fails
to produce good crops in a general
way, but if practiced IPty ferwith of
time, will result in rendering the aSi1
unproductive, and this condition will
be increased from year to year until
paying yeieds can no longer be real
ized. In shallow jioiving the soil is
simply turned over, and wrill rtyn be
come as compact as before plowed.
Iy repeated tramping by the team
thei sibl>-oil becomes hard and is im
petnetrable by naiii, leaving an excess
Olf moisture to injuie the planits by re
maining ii dontact with their roots
and so preventing growth.
The action of tlhe air on the soil pro.
duces no desirable effect and moisture
and plant food can not be attracted tnq
the surface from dlepths belowr. All
crops require moisture and must b,
supplied with the needed amount of
plant food, and mellowness of the soil
insures botlh.- Southlern Farm.
THE FLOCK.
The Questlon of Iletter Sheep and Iettes
Wtool.
Every advantage nnust be taken to
make the most out of tihe sheep, to re
ceive the most and best mutton, as
well as the longest and best fleece. To
a considerable extent this can be dlone
by careful selections, mating anni
breeding, supplemented or aided by
good feed and care.
Ily increasing the size of the sheep.
not only can more mutton, beta larger
Reece of wool be secured: then. with
care in the selecting and breeding, not
only can a longer length of fiber but ;
denser growth be secured. In all of
these it is possible to go toi an extreme
When the extreme hans been reachled
nature will call a. halt. With thq
length of fiber it is not best to go be
yond a well-rounded fleece, with fibers
of such a length that they will adhere
out to their tips. W'heneven
the length passes this paint thq
fleece becomes mnore open, and is not sc
desirable as a close compact fleece. To
give good wool there must first be .
good sheep, and then it must be giver
good treatment. Now is the time tc
commence, as sheep are low and a good
start can be made at a comparativel3
low cost. Cull out all but the best ewes.
Let size, quality and growth of wool as
well as vigor and condition be consid
ered in determining the ewes it is best
to keep. While there is good pasturagq
fatten and mnarket the others. Secure a
good ram; always a thoroughbred. IeH
should, in addition, be agood animal ol
good size and growing a good fleece of
wool, reasonably well matured and in a
vigorous, thrifty condition. In this wa3
a good start toward improvement car
be secured at a small cost. Then ar
range during the summer to providt
good shelter and good feed during thq
winter. To give a good fleece of wool
and bring strong vigorous lambs it it
very essential that the ewes be kept It
a good thrifty condition.
Generally the ram should be of s
good size as the majority of sheep or
the farm are too small, either for mut
ton or the best weight of fleece. I like
the Shropshire and a good ram of this
kind mated to carefully-selected ewe;
of good size will mnake a decided inn
provement, even witlh the first off
spring, and by carefully selecting and
continuing to breed to a thoroughbred
ram a good flock of sheep can be buill
up, and it is this class of sheep that
will pay even though the price of wooi
is low.-N. J. Shepherd, in Farm and
Ranch.
HERE AND THERE.
T-'fhe incubator is indispensible
where early broilers are wanted. The
old style of hatchinng will answer fon
ordinary purposes, but for extraordi
nary purposes she is too unreliable.
-The power of heredity is as stronp
in tihe animal as the hIuman race, and
the quicker our farmers come to real
ize its force and conmply with its re
quirements the better for both them
and the stock they keep.
-lfany farmer would successfully
keep any of thie improved breeds of
stock he must make all the environ
ments at least as congenial, and feed
as well and judiciously as they have
had to bring them to the present high
state of development.
-Early and often is the war to cut
hay. If permitted to stand toc long.
the tissues are mnore or less changed to,
woody fiber, which is hard to digest.
While much of the ntritive qualltieb
are exhausted by age or the attempt
to produce seed.
-The imnprovement of mutton sheep
has not kept pace with stock improve
ment in other lines. 1Vhile hogs, cattle
end hIorses have been wonderfully per
feeted within recent years, the sheep
for mutton purposes has not progressed.
Perhaps this is because wool has ab
sorbed the efforts of flock masters to
thie detriment of the more solid, and at
present prices of wool, the more valua
ble characteristics of carcass.
-In Germany and France the hun
gry poor began eating the old, worn
out horses. Laboring men could not
afford beef at twenty-two cents per
pound, so they took horse at seven
cents. lut now the cheap old slugs
have been consumed and butchers
have no pay higher prices, and the re
suit is the poor classess, which are ex
ceedingly numerous, are getting
where they can not afford horse-flesh.
--Veeds are the natulal enemies of
the farmer, therefore the best time and
manner of killing them is a subject of
importance. A good farmer will kill
them early and often. Thie importaneni
of keeping ahead of weeds has beer
nmply illustrated this season. Fa-:mn.
that went into the recent rainy spel
with a promisinge coating of weeds, aren
now in thie middle of a very had tii
while those ttra were clea have i~ses
easl keIspt s..
oraenlis Idvaedva ?owezLatsit u.S. Oovft Report
ASWkngbomTELV PVIJer
RECIOUS STONES IN AMERICA.
SEVERAL asteriae. or star stones, have
seen picked up in North Carolina and
leorgia.
fAvrutnuEs of small size but great
brilliancy have been found in North
Carolina.
AN emerald green snppJlire wets
some years ago found in Franklin coun
ty, N. C.
i'nm California diamonds are general
ally very small, ranging in value from
$10 to $50.
ft 1884 the value of the precious
stones ml nW in this country somewhat
exceeded $30,000.
Elvr precious stone known to the
iapidefy has been found within the
limits of the t-nited States.
Tul spinel, often soldfotha oriental
ruby, has been found in New Eigland,
Virginia and North Carolina.
l raBIEs of small size have been found
in olorth Carolina and Virginia. and, it
is claimed, also it Colorado and New
Mexico.
Nonrn CAnOLINA diamonds are tifstil~
ly associated with itacolumite, or flexi
ble sandstone, quit plentiful in certain
parts of that state.
Os wotilan can live together and not
4narrol.-N. Y. Uicordor.
Tnr. widow's mite is a favorito fo'rm of
charity-with those who have plenty.-'
Puck.
A cuseanRU, face is nearly as good for an
invalid as healthy weather.-Frank lii.
RAPrrress is like the statue of Isis wbhone
veil no mortal ever raised.-L. E. Landon.
A I'OI.TICTAN must have a genius for ex
planation.-'uck.
Wirn is a tear lilco a potato?-13ecause it
springs from the eye.
Tre child's mind can grasp with case the
delicate suggestions of flowers.-Chalpiu.
A snanu tongue is the only edge tool that
grows keener with constant use.--rving.
"so DARK and yet so ligrht," as the man
said as he looked at his last ton of coal.
WnVn I tell him he hates flattery, he says
he does, being then most flattercd.-Shakes
pearc.
"I iLOv, and I am loved." "Then you
must be perfectly happy." "But it isn't the
same man !"-Life.
VIsrTIrN Now Yorker--"Have you read
'Trilby' yet?" Philautelphian-"No, but I
have heard of it."-Somerville Journal.
Bosre men do not seem to know a patriotic
Impulse from a pain in the stomach.-Gal
vestion News.
TAL.T, like beauty, to he pardoned, must
be obscure and unosteutatious. - Lady
3lessington.
THE greatest events dawn with no more
noise than the morning star makes in ris
lng.-13cocher.
Stnr-"Tell me, when you were in the
army were you - ool in tile hour of dangerf"
lo--" Cool? l v'tually shivered l"-Boston
Trauscript..
Old Rip Van Winkle went up into the
Catskill mountains to take a little nap of
twenty years or so, and when he wakened,
he found that the "cruel war was over,"
the monthly magazines had "fought it
over" the second time and "blown up"
all the officers that had perticipated in it.
This much is history, and it is also an his
loricalfact that, it took the same length of
time, for Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Dis
covery to become the most celebrated, as
it is the most effective, Liver, Blood and
Lung Remnedy of the age. In purifying the
blood and in all manner of pimples
blotches, eruptions, and other skin and
r;calp diseases, scrofulous sores and swell
ings, and kindred ailments, the "Golden
Medical Discovery" manifests the most
positirve curative properties.
Picked Up In Church
SANTFA CLAUS Everywhere.
SOAP. -MADE ONLY DY
THE N. K. FAIRBANK COMPANY, Chicago.
----------- ---------------------- -------- -
Is m UNEQUALED REMELDY for
The One Crop System
larger bank account can o then be expected.ntum
Write for our and allSummer owel Troubles.
DoclOqs AgoV PRTIrPTS AzI*z PnRISM Ir.
is brim full of useful information f.. or farms I use D CA'S LA free, and
EwIXR nll make and save you money. Addsat resls."
WEBB NGEATURINAN CO., Proprietors, - Nssu StreVILLE, TEw York.
,The One Crop System
of farming gradually exhausts the land, unless a Fertilizer containing a
high percentage of Potash is used. Better crops, a better soil, and a
* larger bank account can only then be expected.
Write for our *Farmers' Guide," a 142-page illustrated book. It
is brim full of useful information for farmers. It will be sent free, aid
will make and save you money. Address,
GERMAN KALI WORKS, 93 Naseau Street, New York.
MATR had a little .amb;
With her it used to stray,
But it fled when ilMary read her piece
On graduation da;Vashington Star.
I cotL) not get along without Piso's Cure
for Consunmption. It always cures.-Mrs. 5
C. MOULTO2(, Noedham.n JlaSS., Oct. 22, 'D.
HE'D witnessed baseball, and ,vwas sane I
Seen football teams kick off;
But died from softoening of the brain
Brouglt on by gamues of goulf.
-N. Y. Sun.
HIal's Catarrh care
Is taken internally. Price 750.
Ton man who boas.. that he works with
his head instead of hip hands is resltctfully
reminded that the woodpecker does the
same, and is the biggest kind of a bore at
that.-W-aterloo Courier.
O rEIAT you could turn your eyes toward
the napes of your necks, and make but an
interior survey of your good selves.
Shakespeare.
LsT us teachll ourselves that honorable
step, not to outdo discretion.--ihakespearo.
v -
KNOWLEDGE
Brings comfort and improvement andI
tends to personal enjoyment when
rightly used. The many, who live bet
ter than others and enjoy life more, with
less expenditure, by more promptly
adapting the world's best products to
the needs of physical being, will attest
the value to health of the pure liquid
laxative principles embraced in the
remedy, Syrup of Figs.
Its excellence is due to its prese-iting
in the form most acceptable and pleas
ant to the taste, the refreshinug and truly
beneficial properties of a pjerfect lax
ative; effectually cleansing the system,
dispelling colds, headtaches and fevers
and permanently curing constipation.
It has given satisfaction to millions and
met with the approval of the medical.
profession, because it acts on the Kid
neys, Liver and Bowels without weak
ening them and it is perfectly free from
every objectionable substance.
Syrup of Figs is for sale by all drug'
gists in 5Oc and $1 bottles, but it is man
ufactured by time California Fig Syrup
Co. only, whose name is printed on every
package, also the name, Syrup of Figs,
and being well informed, you will not
accept any substitute if offered.
AGENTS -WANTED-ade' rgerrd'
in svrry town in the Unite: states
el| tu con.' tiser, s
....... , ,,n bn .....TEAS, COFFEES,
SPBCES, ETC. ew,~ tgiatoll ,or5C-a. Departmenut
Nltioral ,holesal slu ,ply C'o. . 5. trtin t.. L t. LoNq.
FILn ERS, Feed Millus. Sm s' 'res
anduL WATIE ICI'UI.S.
DE LItACII 3111M1 .MO. tlt.. Srt, ,ALANTA.. s.
SAE5 T515 PAPAS.e w lw a
GAYOSO HOTEL MEMPHS
t3'100 sooiMus ItED>tCED "T7 02.0oo Pll DAY.
W ANTED You.,, ntrato learn Telerrn pltor lall
r1 y Bu-rnise In T.at. Sltu.u lan w seeun d nr aneoy
fnnd.d. DALLAS "K i. tILtlm l COLLVOK, DALLAS. FK.5.
raLklula College. Now Athens. U0. llnrd. tut.
tloll, room anll books. al.a week. Catalg free.
CURES WHERE ALL ELSE EARS.
Bet coIntgo Syrup. Tsatrs Good. Use
A. N. K., F 1562
WIuEN WItITING 10 AlD)ERTIERtSR PLEASi
tato that, or saw the Advertisemelt In ha
Dauer