LOUISIANA POPULIST.
Subscription $1.00 Per Year. There is No Free Country-, Unless the People Rule. Price 5 Cents.
V()L. III. NATCIITO)CIiES, LA., EIIEMBER 2., 1896 NO. 1
THERE are no 50 cent dollars.
IT WAS a wild rush for the hog
trough.
NOTHING is settled until it is set
tled right.
NOW let the agitation for a paper
currency go on.
IT IS funny how easily men can be
lieve what they want to believe.
THE principal trouble with fusion
seems to be that it failed to fuse.
OF COURSE everybody is expected
to explain just how it happened.
A MAN who is opposed to direct leg
islation is opposed to the people's ru!e.
AN overproduction of fools seems the
greatest drawback to human happiness.
THE gold standard don't hit you: it
just crawls on top of you and holds you
down.
, PAPER currency `'eed on taxes
would be the most perfect that could be
issued.
DIRECT legislation is the only
hope of the republic. Keep qp the agi
tation.
A CORRECT diagnosis of the case
can be stated in three words: "Too
much fusion."
IT SEEMS that the people have not
yet forgotten their experience with the
Democratic party.
IF THE dollar is to have 100 cents
commercial value of material in it why
make it legal tender?
NEITHER of the old parties will
ever enact the measures of reform
needed by the people.
IT IS safe to say that many of those
foolish wheelbarrow riding bets are
not worth 50 cents on the dollar.
WHEN the "smoke of battle clears
away," the middle-of-the-road Populist
will be a very respectable person.
THERE is a large lot of ante-elec
tion predictions that were once quite
interesting, but are now very stale.
IT WAS not the gold standard that
the people wanted, but the Demo
cratic party that they did not want.
THE preachers who want the gold
standard would have danced like wild
Dervishes around Aaron's golden calf.
AS A rule what Great Britain wants
us to have we should avoid, therefore
we should repudiate the gold standard.
IF THE "advance agent" redeems
the pledges of his party we may look
for old prosperity around within the
next year.
THE recent election only proves
that the Democratic party having been
tried and found wanting the people
so longer trust it.
AS A rule bankers are tax-dodgers
sad their talk about national honor
and "sound money," Is all sound and
not more than skin deep.
IT IS no dishonor for the law to
coniscate a deadly weapon; it is there
fore no violation of the "rights of prop
erty" to wipe out the gold standard.
IT IB one of the funny phases of
polities that the place hunter always
regards patriotism and his own ad
vanemaent as one and the same thing.
THE recent election returns only
show that the people will not trust
the Democratic party to deliver them
from the thralldom of Industrial slav
THE most important lesson of this
campaign is, that the best way to unite
is not to divide. ThI men who irst
agitated the fusion methods are re
poudlble for the division in the eo
pie' perty.
1 TH13 gaverment credit is good
wr a beud that draws interest why Is
it at ar paper dollar that draws no
1ta The people say it is, but
IV4 says met. Are you on the side
* f e tin e .k?
OOV3RNXUNT banks an'd lovern
meat lens would furnlsh a circulating
nttdum, "sfe, sound and fexible,"
thet wmould ahadantly All all the re
qlumreasts et trade witheout the re
ormeeaeanbeu
* h mley sad sensd
mousy has wa the Lslnes amen and
em wh hae amour uasg tous
eausmuss" loee and let him room
wond iven ler the **tk aks
. -******-wee
lmum ew san tyla slalm methods
- nmal ' ae esuveatleas my beexpect.
d e thae a pssartsa but whea w
i;; rt ea resl ralt to de.
2Pif~ tor~rr
4·
THE TALE IS TOLD.
THE ARGUMENT BETWEEN THE
MASSES AND CLASSES.
The People Are the Law, the ('urts
and the (Government - An Interest
ing ('hapter from the look--Volne})'s
Rulns.
Whoever has read "Volney's Ruins"
cannot have failed to find especial in
terest in the chapter entitled The
New Age." The Genius of tombs and
ruins has shown him the empires of
the past, the causes of their ruin and
downfall and the influences which ever
retard human progress anti develop
ment; and, in view of these, he is lead
to exclaim:
"Here, sunk in sorrow. my op
pressed heart no longer found utter
ance. The Genius answered not, but
I heard him whisper to himself:
" 'Let us revive the hope of this man;
for if he who loves his fellow creatures
be suffered to despair, what will be
Icome of nations? The past is perhaps
too discouraging; I must anticipate fu
turity, and disclose to the eye of virtue
the astonishing age that is ready to be
gin; that, on viewing the object she de
sires, she may be animated with new
ardor, and redouble her efforts to at
tain it.' "
Then follows the chapter upon "The
New Age." in which the author is per
mitted to catch a glimpse of futurity.
It is as follows:
"Scarcely had he finished these
words, when a great tumult arose in
the west, and turning to that quarter. I
perceived, at the extremity of the
Mediterranean, in one of the nations of
Europe, a prodigious movement-such
as when a violent sedition arises in a
vast city-a numberless people, rush
ing in all directions, pour through the
streets and fluctuate like waves in the
public places. My ear, struck with the
cries which resounded to the heavens,
distinguished these words:
"'What is this new prodigy? What
cruel and mysterious scourge is this?
We are a numerous people and we
want hands! We have an excellent
soil, and we are in want of subsistencel
We are active and laborious, and we
live in indigence! We pay enormous
tributes, and we are told they are not
sufficient! We are at peace without,
and our persons and property are not
safe within. Who, then, Is the secret
enemy that devours us?'
"Some voices from the midst of the
multitude replied:
"'Raise a discriminating standard;
and let all those who maintain and
nourish mankind by useful labors
gather round it; and you will discover
the enemy that preys upon you.'
"The standard being raised, this na'
tion divided itself at once into two
bodies of unequal magnitude and con
trasted appearance. The one, innum
erable, and almost total, exhibited in
the poverty of its clothing, in its ema
ciated appearance and sun-burnt faces,
the marks of misery and labor; the
other, a little group, an insignificant
faction, presented in its rich attire em
broidered with gold and silver, and in
its sleek and ruddy faces, the signs of
leisure and abundance.
"Considering these men more at
tentively, I found that the great body
was composed of farmers, artificers,
merchants, all professions useful to so
ciety; and that the little group was
made up of priests of every order, of
financiers, of nobles, of men in livery,
of commanders of armies; in a word,
of the civil, military and religious
agents of government.
These two bodies being assembled
face to face, and regarding each other
with astonishment, I saw indignation
and rage arising in one side, and a sort
of panic in the other.' And the large
body said to the little one: 'Why are
you separated from us? Are you not
of our number?'
"'No,' replied the group, 'you are
the people; we are the privileged class,
who'have our laws, customs and rights
peculiar to ourselves.'
'"People.--'And what labor do you
perform in our society?'
"Privileged elas.--'None; we are
not made to work.'
"People.-'How, then have you ac
quired these riches"
"Privileged claas-'By taking the
pains to govern you.'
"People.--'What! is this what you
call governing? We toil and you en
Joy! We produce and you dissipate!
Wealth proceeds from us sad you ab
sorb it! Privileged men! class who are
not of the people; form a nation apart,
and govern yourselves.'
"Then the little group, deliberating
on this new state of things, some of
the amet khonorable among them said:
'We must join the people and partake
eo their labors sal, bordes, for they
ar me like us, and oar rihesa come
reas them;' but others arrogantly ex
claimed: It waould be a shame, an in
famy, for as to atgle with the crowd;
they are bor to serve as. Amre we not
men of another race-the noble and
areo descendants of the ourageous of
this empire? This multitude must be
eminded of our rights sad ltd own
"The nobles.'Pele! knew yon not
that our macesters conquered this land,
md that ymr race waU smed pany oa
,dtmi of evig us This is our
constituted by custom and prescribed
by time.'
"People.-'O. conquerors. pure of
blood! show us your genealogies! We
shall see if what in an individual is
robbery and plunder, can lie virtuous
in a nation.'
"And forthwith. \owcs we;e nt.C.rI
in cvery quarter calling out the nobles
by their names: and relating their ori
gin and parentage: they told how the
grandfather. gl eat-grandfather. or even
father. born traders and mechanics, af
ter acquiring wealth in every way, had
purchased their nolility for money: so
that but very few families 'sure really
of the original stock. S,'Se.' paid the
voices, 'see these purse-proud common
era who deny their parents'. :;ee these
plebeian teeruits who look upon them
selves as illustrious veterans!' and the
peals of laughter were heard.
"And the civil governors -ati: 'These
people are mild, and naturally servile:
speak to them of the king and of the
law, and they will Ieturn to (duty.
People! the king wills, the sovereign
ordains!'
"People.--'The king can will noth
ing but the good of the people: the 0no:
Sereign can only ordain aceoirding to
law.'
"Civil governors.---'The law com
mands you to be submissive.'
"People.-'The law is the general
will; and we will a new order of things.'
"Civil governors.-'You are then a
rebel people.'
"People.-'A nation cannot revolt;
tyrants only are rebels.'
"Civil governors.-'The king is on
our side; he commands you *o submit.'
"People.-'Kings are inseparable
from their nations. Our king cannot
be with you; you possess only his
phantom.'
"And the military governors came
forward. 'The people are timorous,'
said they; 'we must threaten them;
they will submit only to force. Sol
diers, chastise this insolent multitude.'
"People.-'Soldiers, you are of our
blood! Will you strike your brothers,
your relatives? If the people perish
who will nourish the army?'
"And the soldiers, grounding their
arms, said to the chiefs: 'We are like
wise the people; show us the enemy!'
"Then the ecclesiastical governors
said: 'There is but one resource left.
The people are superstitious; we must
frighten them with the names of God
and religion. Our dear brethren, our
children! God has ordained us to gov
ern you.'
"People.-'Show us your credentials
from God!'
"Priests.-'You must have faith; rea
son leads astray.'
"People.-'Do you govern without
reason?'
"Priests.-'God commands peace! Re
ligion prescribes obedience.'
"People.-'Peace supposes justice.
Obedience implies conviction of duty.'
"Priests.-'Suffering is the business
of this world.'
"People.-'Show us the example.;
"Priests.-'Would you live without
gods or kings?'
"People.-'We would live without op
pressors.'
"Priests.-'You must have mediators,
intercesscrs.'
"People.-'Mediators with God and
with the king! courtiers and priests,
your services are too expensive; we
will henceforth manage our own af
fairs.'
"And the little group said: 'We are
lost! the multitude are enlightened.'
"And the people answered: 'You
are safe; since we are enlightened we
will commit no violence; we only claim
our rights. We feel resentments, but
we will forget them. We were slaves,
we might command; but we only wish
to be free, and liberty is but justice.' "
In a footnote the author says:
"This dialogue between the people
and the indolent classes, is applicable
to every society; it contains the seeds
of all the political vices and disorders
that prevail, and which may be thus
defined: Men who do nothing and who
devour the substance of others, and
men who arrogate to themselves partic
ular rights and exclusive privileges of
wealth and indolence."-The Advocate.
THE WILSON TARIFF.
Not the Cssame of the Presemt Hard
Times.
Those who claim that the present
hard times are due to the operation of
the Wilson tariff are recommended to
study the following figures taken from
the United States statistical abstract
and treasury report for August, 1896:
Average total annual Imports:
Tarlffof'83. McKinley bill. Wilson bill.
$68,260,000 $830,190,000 $755,843,635
Average total dutiable imports:
Taritffof'83. McKinley bill. Wilson bill.
$443,340,000 $407,420,000 $383,333,539
Average total free Imports:
Tarliffof 83. McKinley bill. Wilson bill.
$2634,915,000 $422,77T0,000 $366,510,096
Average total annual favorable bal
ance of trade:
Tarlffot'83. McKinley bill. Wilson bill.
$47,675,000 $74,567,000 $89,185,000
An analysis of these reports shows
that under the McKinley law we had
the largest volume of importations
kaown in our history. The present
such abuaed tariff law has brought
about a materially larger favorable
balance of trade thus under either the
McKinley law or the act of 1883.
AL a lars ae$!
FREE 1ALLOT AND FAIR COUNT
One of the Denuands of the L'eoptlr'
The People's party, a: its National
Convention at St. Louit. declared inl
favor of a free ballot and fair count in
the following language:
"Believing that t ilit e:c:live franchise
::ld an unltranmeled ballot are essen
tial to a government of, for. and by the
people, the People's Party condemns
the wholehs.te system of dicfranchise
tnent adopted in some of the States at;
unrepublica;n and undemocratic, and we
declare it to be the duitty of the several
state legisl:tut.res to take such action
as will secure a lull. frtiee, and fair bal
lot and honest count."
With the Popun.t:. in most of the
Southern State, this qles.tion is one of
supreme if not paramoun: importance.
If the pressing issues of the hour are
to be settled in ;ceordance with the
spirit of the Declaration of Independ
ence anti the meaning of the ('oustitu
tion. the people must be free to vote as
they choose andI have that vote counted
as cast.
By a system of gerrymandering con
gressional districts in some states. and
constitutional limitations and bare
faced fraud in others, the great issue
in these states is an untrammeled bal
lot. Without it no reform can be ac
complished. Without it platforms, and
declarations and demands amount to
nothing. To the Populists of the South
especially the importance of this issue
is apparent. While they are agitating
other questions no effort should be
spared to secure to ever legal voter,
not only the right to vote freely as he
chooses, but the right to know that his
vote will be counted as it is cast.
If the fear of negro domination ever.
was any excuse for tampering with the
ballot box that day is past. Recent
election returns prove that the negro
to-day is with the party that most
feared his domination, or that that
party is guilty of the most flagrant
frauds on the right of elective fran
chise that ever desgraced a civilized
people. In either case the demand for
a free ballot is no less urgent.
The cry should go up from one end
of the land to the other for the rights
of citizenship. The dark frauds which I
have been perpetrated on the right of
elective franchise is a blot on our good
name, a shame to our civilization. No
party can any longer afford to condone
or apologize for base election methods
employed in many states in the South t
by the dominant party. If this question
is pressed from now on as it should be,
the party in power must either amend
the laws and for its methods or the
people will rise up and overthrow it.
The right of free and untrammeled
franchise is dearer to the American
citizen than any other. Let a concert
ed effort be put forward from now on to
secure that right, and in such manner
that the demand dare not go unheeded.
WHAT WASHINGTON SAID.
Foreigu Iluneance the Foe of Republi
c.an Government.
George Washington, in his farewell
address, among other things said:
Against the insidious wiles of for
eign influence, believe me. fellow citi
zens, the jealousy of a free people ought
to be constantly awake, since history
and experience prove that such influ
ence is one of the most baneful foes of
republican government. * * * The
g:eat rule of conduct for us in regard F
to foreign nations is to have with them i
as little political connection as possi
ble. * * * Why forego the advant- 1
ages of so peculiar a situation tas we
possess)? Why quit our own to stand
upon foreign ground? Why, by inter
weaving our destiny with that of any
part of Europe, entangle our peace and
prosperity in the toils of European am
bition, rivalship, interest. humor or ca- I
price? 'Tis true our policy is to steer
clear of permanent alliances with any
portion of the foreign world. * * *
Constantly keeping In view that 'tis
folly in one nation to look for disinter
ested favors from another; that it must
pay with a portion of its independence
for whatever it may accept under that
character, there can be no greater er
ror than to expect or calculate upon
real favors from nation to nation. 'Tis
an illusion which experience must cure
which a just pride ought to discard.
Pay It Out.
Although Coxey's plan to issue mon
ey to build good roads, and thereby not
only increase the volume of currency,
but give employment to the idle, was
ridiculed and scorned by congress, and
Coxey himself put in jail ostensibly for
carrying a banner a size larger than a
Columblan postage stamp and fined for
walking on the grass, it is not gen
erally known that the road he traveled
from Masillon, Ohio, to Washington
was built by the national government
and paid for out of national funds.
The great national pike is an enduring
monument of the idea which inspired
Coxey and is in accord with that part
of our platform. The improvement of
the water ways is also exactly in line
with this principle. There is nothing
impractical, nothing unconstltutlonal,
or nothing new and strange ln this dec
laration.--Eztract trom speech of W.
8. MorganT.
Ir THIE recent election returns don't
kill the fusion snake it must posums
elrter vitality tbha the provtrblaJ
aue*I4$ oat.
IREAL ANARCHISTS.]
WILL NOW TRY A HAND AT !
GOVERNMENT.
Will De Urpoil the People of Their Rights
and fI:i. tlring on a Ltloody Revela
tiolia olue of the Offelnes of Pluto
The prl.ciplts of tile Declaration of
ludt pendeuce are just as potent today
as they were in 1776;. And the oppres
siotis which the cowardlly grandsons of
I ro\oltionary heres sulffer a-re just as
galling and destructive of Liberty and
I(qualit} a:; were the nt-njusi taxation
and tyranny onr forefathers fought
agains:. The Engl-ish and American
money power .which is the same. hae
ctiushed our government out of all sem
blance to a government of the people.
"We hold these truths to ae self-evi
dent, that all men are createJ equal;
that they are endowed by their Creator
with certain unali-enable rights; that
among these are life, liberty and the
pursuit of happiness; that to se
cure the rights, governments are in
stituted among men, deriving their
just powers from the consent of the
governed: that, whenever any form of
government becomes destructive of
these ends, it is right of the people to
alte-r or abolish it, and to institute a
new government, laying its foundation
on such principles, and organizing Its
powers in such form as to them shall
seem most likely to effect their safety
and happiness. Prudence, indeed, will
dictate that governments should not
b. changed for light and transient cau
ses; and, accordingly, all experience
hath shown that mankind are more
dsiposed to suffer, while evils are suf
ferable, than to right themselves by
abolishing the forms to which they are
accustomed. But when a long train of
abuses and usurpations, pursuing in
variably the same object, evinces a de
sign to reduce them under absolute
despotism, it is their right, it is their
duty, to throw off such government,
and to provide new guards for their
future security.-Declaration of Inde
pendence.
Such has been the suffering of the
useful producing classes of America,
and they are beginning to see the ne
cessity or restoring the government
to the people from whom it has been
stolen by the money powewr of Eng
land and America.
We submit facts as startling as were
those recited in the Declaration that
was framed by our forefathers.
The money power has prevented the
passage of laws necessary for the pub
lic good.
It has caused the repeal of laws that
kept money enough in circulation to
enable the people to do a cash business
without paying tribute to the money
brokers.
It has delayed the passage of laws so
as to enable trusts and enables trusts
and combines to corner the market on
staple products.
It has prevented the passage of laws
for the benefit of the majority of the
people.
It has forced its way into legislative
halls in the form of a lobby to influen~e
legislation for its own special purposes.
It has prevented state legislatures ac
complishing the work for which they
were called in special session. For in
stance, the late session of the Illinois
legislature.
It has openly, flagrantly and boast
fully disregarded the inter-state com
merce law, and defied the anti-trust
law.
It has prevented the administration
of justice by controlling the courts.
It has made judges independent of
the law, the constitution and the peo
ple.
It has, through its political heelers,
created hundreds of useless high sal
aried offices, and had them filled by
appointment from the enemies of the
people.
It is building military fortresses and
garrisoning them with rich men's sons.
besides drilling school children to be
soldiers instead of useful citizens.
It indicates what kind of text-books
shall be used in our common schools,
controls our colleges, and prevents even
the preaching of the principles of Jesus
Christ in many pulpits.
It has made the military independent
of civil power.
The American money power has com
bined with England to force this
country to maintain a financial policy
that is robbing the people of their
homes, and turning thousands out to
beg. steal or starve.
It causes the building of war ships
and cannon, and has secured an entire
change in the tactics of the U. 8. army,
so that now soldiers are being specially
trained to bombard houses and mur
der working people who dare assemble
on the streets of our great infernos,
called cities.
It'hus cut off our trade with the
world by appropriating all our surplus
products to pay interest'on bonds and
mortgages.
It has forced the issue of interest
bearing bonds to enalave the people.
It deprives men of the right of trial
by jury. and has set up a ysteam of
"government by nlajunction."
It has caused the sending of armed
troops into a stage where the local of.
seurs weri jully cpable of BuIorIto
tie law.
It has doubled the ucauld of the peo
pie, and thirty thousand of its repre
s ntatives have stolen half the wealth
of the nation.
It has secured by special grants
enough land to maintain ten mlllioa
I eople In honest industry.
It has rendered all our laws inoper
ative where the rich man is involved.
It has caused the supreme court to
declare it unconstitutional to tax the
rich.
It haa britedl men cuhcsen to represent
the people.
It has made prote:.tiou of property
the( sole object of our government.
It has plundered the people. driven
younglll girls to prostitution, starved
wives and children. driven men from
happy firesides to wander on the high
nays anId caused the murder and im
ii,risonment of work!ngmen whose on:y
crime was helplessness.
It is at this time engaged in fastening
the chains of debt slavery upon the
producers of this country, by issuing
bonds, destroying the money of' the
people, and setting up a golden calf
and a hunk of soap grease to rule the
nation.
It has caused young men in the mill
tary service to shoot mdown their fath
ers, brothers and friends to "protect
property." when itself has hired incen
diaries to burn property so as to make
an excuse for using military force it
driving men back to work at starva
tion wages.
It has imprisoned men foi stepping
on the grass at Washington.
It has caused men to be sent to the
penitentiary for asking for bread.
It was the cause of the late war in
which thousands of able-bodied young
men were murdered, and the principal
result of which was the creation of a
debt whereby not only the negro but
the white man is made a slave, and the
owner has not een, the responsibllltt
of feeding him. '
And a hundred more things we might
mention.
But, ye gods! is not this enough to
boil the albumen white In every drop
of patriotic blood in American veins?
-Industrial Advocate.
AS TO SOLDIERS' PENSIONS.
The Plutocrate' Concern About Their
Payment In Cheap Dollar..
The "sound money" people are vis
ibly agitated over what appears to
them to be the danger- of paying the
old soldier his pension in "cheap dol
lars." It is not the first time this ele
ment has manifested much concern
about the interests of the dld soldier.
A auspicious circumstance, however, is
that this concern always assumes
greatest activity during the heat of
a political campaign. Most of the old
soldiers are aware of this and make
due allowance for the self-interests
which prompt this seeming devotion to
their interests.
There was a t:me when the old sold
ier was being paid in 40-cent dollars
as compared with gold. It was when he
was enduring the hardships of tented
field, of tiresome march and dangerous
conflict. At that time this same sound
money crew were at home, gambling in,
gold, depreciating the soldiers' money
and speculating off the necessities of
the government. Under the cloak of
pretended patriotism they were bleed
ing the country. Their speculations pro
longed the war and addea to its cost.
They purchased greenbacks for 40 cents
on the dollar, converted them into
bonds, and afterwards had a law pass
ed making the bonds payable "in coin."
By legislation they made their 40-cents
worth a 100 cents. They did this al
though there was nothing promised or
!implied in the contract that it should
be done. Not so with the soldier. He
was first paid in coin, or its equivalent.
and the implication was that he should
continue to receive his pay ip that kind
of currency.
But he took it in greenbacks.
He never grumbled.
He knew that the honor of the Na
tion depended upon the success of arms
and not on the kind of money he was
paid in.
He marched and camped and fought
until victory perched upon our ban
ners. Then he was paid off in this pur
posely discredited money and went
home.
In 1869 a law was passed which
made up the difference between the
coin and face value of the greenback
to the bondholder. They called It
protecting the National honor. A bill
was introduced to make up this differ
ence to the soldier.
It was hooted at and scorned.
The men who remained at home and
bled the government were rewarded as
patriots.
The men who bared their breasts to
the enemy's bullets; who carried the
flag from Sumter to Appomattox; who
by their patriotic devotion saved not
only the Nation's honor, but the Na
tion itself, were scorned and neglected
by the treacherous leeches who bled
.eir country in its hour of trial.
Talk about justlce to the soldier! Let
justice be done as it has been more
than done to the bondholder, and every
sound money blatherskite in the coun
try would hold up his hands in holy
horror.
SIT NOW rests with the Republicn
party to demonstrate that the gold
standard is a good thing. If It don't
de it it ought to be evident to every
man that it is a fraud and that neltheo;
o 1 p5lrty a. be toiuated UpoD,