A story Is told in connection with
some lectures on theosophy at liangor,
Mle. The lecturer was in the midst
of a learned discour-t,. and asked. in
stentorian tones: \Whatt coInesafter
death?" No one answered, and after
a short pause he h'h.'nin'tlcy repeatedI
his question: " \\hat cou t, aft'er
death?" At that Imonoent tie door
opened and in waikell one of ti:h lead
ing undertakiers of I'aniuor. '1 t
questifon was answered.
I.o.t II a Nerve.
Two hundred ('hicago sports, who
were spoiling to see a priue tIlght. and
had put up :4 aiiece for tlh fun, wire
terribly disappointed the otnerr nibht.
'the tight was arrangi to icoi.i oil
on the deck of an ea.truronil brt, allli'r
out in the lu:ke. and at tip. alpoi ateu
time the uighters., their bao s.rs alti
those wh6 had hben i.t into tile s.cr.ct
for a cash cotntlideratiot,l reUalred 1to
the place where the boat ought to be.
Unluckily for themn, she was out with
an excursion a::d was late at keepinr
her appointmenrt. 'The poiie becatnme
suspicious at the si/e and st leI of the
crowd of sports and telephoned to
headqluartir . \\ henl the steamer ar
rived a sqtuad of f,irty policenmen were
on the ground, and the captain of the
boat lost his nerve, and refu.eti to
take the tightecis aboard, so the af:air
full through.
An Oil moker.
A gent'ceman who recently died in
1Vienna at the ago 71 hadl been a
smoker since he was 1. l)urinr that
time he had smoked 3:l',71:; ciears,
43;,6t9 of which were gifts. Those
he paid for cost him 12 .iý,r.
A Pl; r Tr .t.
A pie trust has been organiced in
Brooklyn. The ladies will have to
begin fumbling with their cook books
to learn how their grandmothers-in
law made those delicacies.
Tobacco-Twisted Nt rves.
Millions of men L(ep asking ft r stlmulantq
tecat.se the nco o sll y s)stmla is tihs'iatlly irrl
tated by ncint it I osol . tl hti-wln or stud)ylgU t
Cdltroys manhood and nerve Io :nair ItI nnrot a
habit, but a disease. a'i. u oud wll rind a ti ar
anteed cure in No-To- tac t.!h{ by Druglg t.s
rter- here. hook free Atd:rit the h sttu:lg
kenmedy Lo., New York City or Chicaou.
Dlscountenance Slavery.
It appears that the French in Africa
discountenance slavery. They cap.
ture rebellious natives and for a con
sideration put them under the charge
of responsible persons to be looked
after, kept out of mischie! and made
to earn their own support.
'h, Psha w.
A French geographical society pro
poses to introduce the decimal sys
tem Into time. Instead of 12, it would
have 10 hours in the day, with 10
mintes to the hour. 10 seconds to the
minute, and 10 something else to the
second.
"wanason's aglo Corn Balve."
Warranted to care or money rafunded. Ark your
truggta for it. Price 1i oata.
If dollars were as plentiful as shirt
waistes, the country would be properous.
Weak and Weary
Because of a depleted condition of the
blood. The remedy is to be found In
purified, enriched and vitalized blood,
which will be given by IIood's Sarsapa- r
rills, the great blood purifier. It will s
tone the stomach, create an appetite and a
give renewed strength. Remember a
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is the only true blood purifier prominently
in the public eye today. $1; six for $5.
Hood's P1lls .... 'b"tl" ....lpa".
Peta s tl ,ti. |'flce2e'ent.,
Mets
Wheel
for your
Wa on
hmanso1.. a
Cm hilF.
lierrile as
e6l wuo hl
_PrremarrJa
*e i* te * o ese
hdsaltq I OO h
And all odbe oras o blieroseme
One bottle of it is sufficient to r
eure ave or six of the very worst
ases of ehills
WrAll druggists sell it. bi
__Ite begbm t mins ssam an..w
LU 'F's 'I1
rtk orlLrkr~- S.
h 'HIS LAST TATTOO. •
,t s
0O LONG AS POETS
r and historians con
pretty stories of
personal valor, and I
they will do it as
long as a spark of
patriotism burns in
the human breast,
no class of heroes
UVwill find greater fa-k
vor among the
masses, or whose
heroic feats will bring the fire back to
the veteran's eye sur.r, than the brave
little fellows who sounded the reveille
or beat taps. Bugle boys and drummer h
boys have figured often and conspicu
ously in the annals of war. And no,
where in history have we more or
brighter examples of this kind than in
the records of the Civil War, on both
sides-Confederate and Union.
The story of Harry Baldwin's un
swerving loyalty to the old flag, and
his fearlessness of death for the cause
he had so nobly espoused, affords a
bright example of this kind. lie be
longed to a New York regiment-I am
sorry that I have forgotten its number. t
though that hardly matters as long asa
I remember the main facts of his ad
ventures-and he was the life and heart
of his older comrades. l
In truth, our little drummer boy was ,
looked upon with so much favor, and he
had shown such clear-headed ability on
certain dangerous occasions, that when
Sthe commander felt anxious to larn
certain particulars in regard to the en
emy he delegated Harry to go upon the
hazardous mission.
"Keep your eyes open, my boy, as I it
know you will, and I will risk you to go.
where I would not dare send any scout
of mine, but I must warn you to never 1
forget that you are in the enemy's coun
try, and that a single mistake will cost
you your life. I shall not put you from
my thoughts until I see you safely back a
here with the news I am so anxious to
have."
Feeling, as every true soldier should,l.
the importance of his perilous under- ti
taking, Harry started forth on his re- Ct
connoissance. It was already growing
dusky in the deeper forest, and soon the
shades of night would enable him to h
push his way into the vicinity of the
He knew very well that it lay encamp
isary.
marching, the drummer boy moved
somewhat wearily through the moun
b.
A BODY OF UNION CAVALRY.
Confederate army with greater safety.
He knew very wethoug that t lay encamp
ed behind the low mountain range that
ran for ten miles or more north an of the
south, with here and there a broken link
affording passage to the other side. I
comfy e nea they ere there but hanear.
he known their exact location, this
night trip would not have been neces
sary.
His clothes covered with dust, and
his limbs aching from the day's hard
marchinat, the drummer boy moved
somewhat wearily through the moun
Thusn gap, while the shadows fell deeper
and darker around him. It was a wild,
lonely place, though he gave little heed
to his surroundings other than to watch Sh
them closely for some indicationrs of the south
ern commander, charged with be lurking un-a ho
Afteruspcon, until a gradual liftseeing ofthat he was securely (M
bound, hanhead toland feehim that he was placed o
appthe mornoaching the other side of the range, anit e
wasnd to him, t behooved, though his first and th V
even greatest concern was over than hithert do.sap- SU
poinThus his surpris non-appearancy be wouimagined
whebring upon the Uwas silently crawling gui
around any jagged armne of onwhich he mayof the oot- ha
haveills, been gulty. The stern fact of his Hole
captivity remaind by them before heand could not be ar
reaonedt a retreat, he wamust abide byin the af
The sun was beginningye, to shobe dragged away ts th
bright facrd the over the rest of the mouthn
ordered, command he was lrged forwith tobeing a ho
spy!tried d convicted as a spy. s
Rather seyoueing thato be caught sn securely (Mb
boun"Pray, hands and feet, he wanks placed ofr e
theh infants as young, tediou was nighot aware Fe
h were drivenm, too, though straits for sup-t and th
"I atest concern was over the disap ulied
,pointment his non-appearance wouldeve,
bring upon the myUnion general. But iat
waOh-hot o that's in vain for him to beratel, you look my
fornd act Mke rlttys one, and the bomay the
say bo reenglty. Thesterniact tooth ladHo
ncaptivity remained and couold notbe shot down blke a Gri
Te. Do ysun was beginning to showlive, my Itle
ebright face ovbetter be crest ofdy than ving i
tn as the drumhead court-martial was ti" M
orderedt andt hsee was led forth to be hPO
tried and conc. ted shall be spared u
business," remoasrked the grim oicial of'
"Pm, what" msed thave the Yanks for bet
"Ohel s that's it? Wellyoulook my
'h that yePs vii be qwg *llw. ha
Promise to beat the drum for us as well
as you have for the Tanks and your life
shall be spared."
"Never!" cried the young patriot. "I
would rather be shot than be a rebel."
Perhaps the nca,-t of the Confederate
was touched by this display of heroism,
but not sufficiently for him to mitigate
his sentence, and the little prisoner
Sent back to his guarded tent, doomed
to he shot as a spy at sunset.
All that livelong day the little drum
mnlr under sentence of death heard the
incessant bustle (.f camp life without,
knowing that some important movement
was on foot. And while he wondered
what it meant, his thoughts would go
back to that other army and that other
chieftain, who, by now, jmust have
ceased to look f-,r him. lie wondered
how his failure to return wo.uld be re
ceived. And then his thoughts took a
longer flight, going back to that oIl
home in the Empire State, and to the
loved ones he could not hope to see
again. Perhaps the tears glistened in
his eyes as he thought of it all: but
there was no sign of fear in his de
portment when, at the fated hour, he
was led forth to die.
"By Jove! he's sure to break down he
fore the signal is given." said the
r sergeant who had charge of the squad
to place him in position for the closing
act in the awful drama.
]tarry heard the words, and suddenly
lifting his h. adl, he said:
"Give nme a drum, sir, and I will play
a tattoo whileh you shoot me'."
"1Did you ever?" exclaimlned the officer.
"I swear 'tis a pity to shoot him like
this. But orders are orders, though
you may gdt n:m a drum. Sawyer. lie
will forget while lie plays."
lty the time ]larry was blindfolded a
drum was put into his hand, when he
instantly struck up the spirited notes
which had so :ften given life and hope
to his old regiment of gallant soldiers.
No doubt the boy drummer did for
get the deadly danger that menaced
him as he caught up the beloved strain
and sent out to hill and valley the music
of which he was master. And if he for
got so did his captors for the moment.
The grim phalanx stood silent and mo
tionless while It waited for the stern
command that was to end all.
Moments are priceless sometimes, and
the brief while that Harry Baldwin hehl
his enemies spellbound by his last
tattoo saved him his life, for suddenly
the clear notes of the drum were
drowned by the lusty shouts of men.
Then a body of Union cavalry flung
itself upon the surprised Confederates.
Amazed, bewildered, confident that no
small body of trops would throw them
selves single-handed upon overwhelm
ing forces, they broke and tied in wild
disorder.
The flight was short but decisive, and
only a few minutes later the bandage
was torn from the drummer boy's eyes
by friendly hands, and he was borne in
triumph back to the Union at my.
WIDOW OF FEUILLET.
She Had Been Brought Up a Royalist
by lHer Mother.
Valerle Feuillet had been brought up
a Royalist in the provinces by her
mother, Madame Dubois, who belonged
to the most prejudiced ancilent regime,
and there are pretty anecdotes of little
Valerie's childhood, when she was bid
den to kiss a lock of blonde hair belong
Ing to King Henry V, who
was to be King only in ex
lie, and when her pretty, dainty,
frail mother going to some ball in
a sedan chair, took Valerle with her
as far as the threshold of the fete and
then sent her home to the old Norman
house where the little girl had first
seen the light, writes "Th. Bentzon"
(Madame Blanc) in a charming sketch
of "The Romantic Career of Madame
Feuillet." The mother of Madame
Feuillet was own niece to a heroine of
the revolution, Mademoiselle de Ste.
Suzanne, who saved her father from the
guillotine by going alone on horseback
into the midst of the battle-field to ask
the condemned man's pardon of General (
Hoche. Monsieur and Madame Dtlbois
Grecoeur, sometimes in the little city
of St. Lo, the ultra-provincial society
of which is described by the author of
the "Memoirs" with an extraordinary
spirit. It is very easy to find in these
portraits the types which inspired her ,
husband with the delightful "Story of a
Sibylle," and with the provincial scenes
of "Camors." In fact, there was always 1
between them a kind of involuntary E
collaboration. t
An Indldgnst Mother.
"Look here," said a lodger to his land
lady, "your daughter has been using '
my comb and brush again!"
"I beg your pardon," said the land
lady, indignantly. "I never allow my 5
children to meddle with my lodgers' t
belongings in any way." a
"But I am sure she has been using
them," said the lodger, "for there are C
long black hairs on them and she is a
the only person with black hair in the c
ouse." f
"Oh, now I remember, she did have r
them to comb and brush our dear old II
poodle:" said the landlady, "but I am I
quite mra she did not use them for her- I
melt--sa's too honest to be gnIy ot r
that eart o thlag."
11 THE BABY ON THE FARM.
To Ron, pal0 Pht ay with the Littlie One,
I a I(eligion s Dty.
; 1 (.11 if tii. baby's cotinig in tl'fre,
ith aill m : : of thrifty plant to h" ll
the huit',.tld I)py off the mortlgage on
'r tlh,' fIrn. :a tient.' linancier once gat
d ; Ir'.r' slumn of money to Otlow a col
lwo'z upon tl:e ground that he consid
Pired ho. s a bet llr iniVcstItllt th:t:l
iland. vrit.. lhlolhn .ay in the I,.:di<"
t oni .hlo n 1I. In the c( hihldl' oh unt.
d tht' 1o1.y may 'otme in more tui.l:!y
o than it e'O, s out n'ill the 0,hol,0 ' t
r is pall for. but w\hAt do.. it profit i1
e there a r notne of our own to enjoly i
d with ",. :lat l ~o) one to t sl' ',ivl' it ..s a
s 'acri' inht' itatne whlen we are gone'?
.xI as tl . f;tritter ' wiv  ih.n'ify
e thltascitve more 'o> ely witt thien lIl11
e han ts' linanci.il intero'at th.ani ant
n other class of \\ontn. Th.'y a.l' wl
t ng to work halrd and :acril. 1 titIlt
;"l\es to h1elp to bhly a homie :i' I t ,'lit
cne their hllildren. Th. y ft. I t:,.;
if Ihnth " ( tnot ear\ n onI( I'1i. <.,in l at
least a: It, it. It bec'O e: a Iroil i'o
.oft en:1; how to .te).r b)(t .v.' i lel iti
1i n t '. s1' tit Il!an ai 1 Stln t th t t }, .'
Ilin:, 1nit' only h1 r phys0ia!cal hIlnth, tIll
hitr di.tposition as well. A nt ollo
0 Worn-olit, frtC).ft' wollnt i< not a fit t.
.ociate. even on hi gitenli ground1, for a
sensitivet , imptlt'>sionatlo child. 110t r,
l ct. thI' p:t.sing uoliods of" thoe , about
hit1 a in a lookintg-gla:,S. If it is t t
que'stion itheln of haInk a' onts, im
nliacitltte clo.- - tn.l w 'i-lfilll I store
rooms on the one hand, atl l a bright.
- c'heerful Itoth'r on the other, I would
unhesiitatinly choose t'1 latttr. Tho
cthihrei whose mothers haoe not time
to pet threm are to lle ilit ,d. To atllas"
thl bltty an1111 to ronmp withl it is some'
S tiilme's quii 1 t., an'h t religious dutyi
Ias to) pray for it.
THE GIRLS WE KNOW.
They 1)o Not Turn Tlow.ard Their Moth
ers Like i.n OdIen Timees.
L.,t any one of its, for example, look
amollg the girls of ol1r actquaintan. '
anl s 1 hoitw many we know who, as
d laght rs., tltrtn to their mnothers as
readily aid as naturally as turns a
flower to the sun, writes VV. Htok. 1How
mant\ do ,+e know? Ilore and there.
I one, yes. iBut are they ill the majority'
WVe rath r find that the average Amter
ic.n( daughter is absolutely indieend
elt of her mother in all but those
things in which site must. of cry ne
e&ssity andti of her ver'y beinig, be d,
pendent upon hwer. iBy far the majoriy
of motheors have not the confidence o
their llaughtliers, ani OfIO 1n'1ds only Ito
he in any position which ins ites human
confidence to know how trute is suc(h a
statement. The English girl looks to
her motlhtr for counsel and g!idanc
on every point Ien her life. Does th",
American girl? The life of a French
girl always remains a pat t of the being
which bore her. Does that of thr'
American girl? The Italian girl's life
is known to her mother almost as well
eve-on in its most innc-" thought, as to
the girl herself. Is that of the Ameri
can girl? The gospel of the Swiss girl
1., that of solicitation for her mother,
morning, noon and night. Is it the
gospel of the American girl? The Dutch
girl never dreams of telling her mother
that she is going to do thus and so: she
asks if she may. Does the American
girl? In Germany, the daughter's first
thought, when she reaches proper
years. is to relieve her mother of every
domestic care and thought. Is it the
thought of the American girl? Is there
need that I. or any writer, shall supply
the answers to these questions?
MINERALS.
SIrlentine exists in New EnglaInd atl
Virginia.
ltne quartz is f.unt itn (l rando anl
Montana.
Alabaster existtS in seventeen differ
ent states.
Marble In said to exist in twenlty-four
of our states.
The nmounstitot exists in Nfortth Car.
line and (let rgia.
Tikn is known to exist in half a d(ozon
different localities.
The tutltuoise has been found in New
Mexico and Arizona.
Mica Is found in North Carolina,.
GIortgia anti elswhre.
Chrysolltee have been unearthed In
the Cumberland mountains.
Jasper is found abundantly in the
lake regions and elsewhere.
Obsidian exists In large quantities in
New Mexico and Arizona.
Green feldspar, or Amazon ottne, is 1
found near Pike's Peak, Colo.
ABOUTr WOMEN OF NOTE.
The wife of Prine Lopoldtl of Saxe
Coburg Is the daughter of a Jewish mu
sician aInd the niece of Queen Victoria.
Princess de Pollgnac. form Žrly Win
naretta Singer, daughter of the grgat
sewing machine man. Is said to be the
best amateur musician in Paris.
Gall Hamilton was once a teacher in a
girls' seminary, and was the idol of her
pupils. She was very cheerful, sensible
and clear-headed in all things.,
Chile claims to possess the richtst
woman in the world in the person of
Senora de Cousino. whose fortune. es
timated at $200,000.000. She Is a widow.
Queen Victoria has such a deep-root
ed objection to the smell of a cigarette
or a cigar that smoking is strictly fr
bidden at Windsor Castle, at Balmot.!
and at Osborne.
Emily Faithful combined her work
for the cause of women with a love for
strong cigars, of which she was an in
veterate smoker. She took the tobacco
at first to relieve her asthma.
The Princess Maud has lately ap
peared in Battersea Park mounted on
a balloon-tired "safety." The Ducheo
of Connaught, being yet a learner, pr,.
fers to take her daily practice for tht,
present In the secludod walks of ltut'k
ingham palace gardens. Meanwhlh. til.
Marchioness of Irnndonde('ry. I. tu.
llrassey and the Princess Henry If Pt. -.
rank among the most graceful and ex
pert of riders.
Highest of all in Leavening Power.-I- test U. S. Gov't Report
O l Baking
SPowder
ABSOLUTELY PURE
An in ,' r t t ,h'. o-r"irred th.i
u nf.,', t:1. '. _'r" . b'. .. ''.ti I aiade it it
tr-.x -eair ,t is n(,w g o
.a, TJ , ' : . " e ua ,i by t .
it:.- '. I" ... :n.,, hi
stroiI t"' r,.ut I u. fat's of -to e
of th, a'di:, .,i- iwere p- rfect p,.ct,:r,
:. tihe Ht aii t:, i, o ".,) it it'" dl .tv 'lri t',
the detal.- an. t'.t _ i:ta, tes of tt"
\oylag. eI soii' .! ran against a
badne anitl in a tri ht ' ; I t'.-t t,,:
l'rla 'h .r .! itt , \I at . al! w,.
do ' to;(ii Iow-. , I;td all) ,d
a.iolr. "-fu' t are  on ii tarn fore
,t.lt." If ti,' pr al'itr hatid stulci to
xl htli her 1'at, a n t,.cO o; ar cho l,
itn ,all of t: ... to ia ' .tt in O n
<r'ovn ,xtttt, t:, oil ,aiir would
t:er hatela klon wltat lie was talk
inr auIot and ctid never have
trii , iti Ill t t: p.
T t'. )rn T.,rurnenltnr
If fthe p :l.. . : r,,i '-:" n "over it,~:icted for
T:r.o- . :, ., 1, til \:,an tht,-e en tD rT,, iv
ti,., T'i I l: . 1 , it,: . l+,. , T l0 1 .4 l1 1 I a ,)
hiilOth r. I1 thas I t,--, it ute mlitlaiy is
. t, ii At' it at the t'lrt
x: it Ii . ll-. t , ;;i" ii:tt-i, alh -it aitii
li .... t-..... , i: .-ru 2 : I 1,.l ' iters (Wiy
' p-1 ,4 ; ,t , e" ,' '.ll , r' y . . -t , :-1. -s alit n-1u
L , e t '.1) ti, " y l 1[ .0tens Co 1
The ne, o nt I nt t l iiarltilng lR
the neott t,,1 . t!,o" hilht n he find, a coat
('i, t nt . I n t' I t t .i!T
Not Io..
I want e, er- mIan lt;, woman in the
i' it.,l State< ho ale' interestelt in tie
oiiium and whi,-k hitit' to have one i,
miy lto~- L-ion the-. dl-ieat-e. Adre-., It
M. Woolh.v Attaita, Ga., lox A7', and one0
will be scut you free.
I iur itheart got out to the women when
xxe read a Iat oli eti-uette.
FITS -.itIFitot, - t.,l ree tvtir.K I ne-'fitr.E
servy e I-teerer. N-., i i-t at Irt,.e tina-? (t uSt -
l r.tve-.tlou uet oi . T , . *i -. a lltre. r, tttlI f-re.
t1al Cx . i tlit itan . ,,,adl rt i.at9 .L., ti. 'r,
What a le tttrer linee, is a god agenit,
Ilint a goo I it', t r*
To ('le.tnse the Systemn
l-Tffetuaillyv yet gontlyt. when costive or
bil ui, 'tr w en the Il, -i is impure or
I i ]l:.i ch, to pls.lnanentiy ,'ar. habitual
,-iltlt tion to n:xakntll ti kidl-ner.s ainI
lito.- to a ,I .tittlt i- li t ,. vTithltut ir
r'li.it!rg ." " .th nig. l " ni. to dtispo
. n,!:., LtT , i 1  i f,.r t, . us.' Syruip of
You cannFot turl the afection Ifa woman
that is, ttrtii hitt ing
I cnn re- otinmend l'ieo' ('ire for ('on
•,u pltiion to -hlif',,err front +ilthmna.- E. 1).
'otf - NL6l, It. lluoard. \tos , Mlay 4, "94.
A woman sinl, re!ly lot e a man until Ale
find s to the ctntrar\.
Io Yeiou Delre to Adopt a ('Chid?
Alrs. the Int 'rl' ttt it ('l i'ldren*,
libni.. Rev. IDr }-lrant .l I (ire . (:en
er-t fanter - ut It a t hil uii volt map
deslire, of i inr nr1e. l i Il tII e itt yV u on
ninety day,t l ' trinli Fin, i.e -tutnt.
If (ill ldo ni it au1lt to to w'onlI, avoidt
teniptatlonn
TT .' (. ATSI t i ('T'ItI: a at q- 1 nnd i
I 1tt . I t .l iti It ' t dire. !l" 4op-n the
i l a r, ~ ,n .- 'rtf ".- of th" a te: i serd
1 !u n " lifl:,o h (t t - .t , + : . 40.,n l :-t D)rigi t,, . ;."I..
. J. L'iti.N ,y <. t t) 'i, , "toledo O.
An o. I erotin can -laini to Ito young, but
he cann t lotk it.
DO OUt' EXPECT
To Become a Mother?
If so, then permit us
t -ax that Doctor
fierce e Favorite
lPrescription is
,indeetd a true
'"Mother's Friend,'
FOR IT MAKES
' ,Childbirth Easy
by preparing the
system for parturitioni, thus assisting Na
ture and shortening " Labor." The painful
ordeal of childbirth is robbed of its terrors,
and the dangers thereof greatly lessened,
to both mother and child. The period of
confinement is also shortened, the mother
strengthened and an abundant secretion of
nourishment for the child promoted.
Send twenty-one (21) cents for The Peo
ple's Medical Adviser, zooo pages, over 300
illustrations, giving all particulars. Sev
eral chapters of this great family doctor
book are devoted to the considsration of
diseases peculiar to women with sugges
tions as to successful home treatment of
same. Address, World's Dispensary Medi
cal Association, Buffalo, N. Y.
cal Association, Buffalo, N. I M.entor this PaDer.
--- ---- - - --~- ---- - - -
A
Broken
Back
Just as yours will be if
you continue using poor
k soap.
CLAIRETTE SOAP.
makes wash-day as easy as any other day. Lessens
the labor, makes the clothes white, and does no dam
age. Thousands of women say so-surely they are
not all mistaken. Sold everywhere. Made only by
"The N. K. Fairbank Company, - St Louis.
1" 'ord comnl- from ( I,:o,. ':h.t 'hat
the llaunirv lT .: ..' :t.
Ilp t'o t hnit -C i of I . . " .'. , ' ..n oI!
o- !.le . .. t , :no,: ,- .1 , r. :ia
- hti i: t ,r - I r I , t l , Iii"  ' " , Ii t , f
a 1 t ,11 ,!. at b ol t t i;r e e ,,,. t' ,. lk 1: i . ,:
"i 'c . e l. a l r.' ,'" Cd tt iafli :i't,;..
i i ti
lrs. t(ollis•' * r ,l.
a 1 a mt thirty three ear - I ,. ha .e . ,
t elllr l e len te ll e e l- '" h tvt , t
., ,* .i ,', l 'e ty i s .,,t iLt i ,.'l ,i
ul:. i( th. a.o l t 1was c',,tl :: lt ! .t 'y ! !v
o ', iniel a fetv n.a\- , u inafterti:at I
tea I t h arit ri t If the ''nf
i hr "ihaf n "i i r t I. w i t-I t i i.s , f t
1'- t  bI t e '. i of'l Ir .it I r ' ' t - ir- 4 t ' i
Is terrll tlor i, stia.n 1 1  ' 1, tI l i ! ' ,:
. 'le ht :u"lt;th= I th,, "i i , KL i i an
e t n.i . M Y deI :al: " 's t e -i l ire . n
s, -  In 1 f lot . d i 1ng 'I . .I ' i t "i '.'l o
i- eat dotter thanll I :il', f: r a t ,tol
:u- anluows I iow rlt ill 1 ai:', r tl i ,o tr
uile a l.ad ies' i io rthl av :r. a ni . t .nl .
tr u n after r anti t I (. i, - t t, iir. It ."
and three to hal i a l rr e erof T (l .i. s
rt lla-k-1 rnu;ht, n, 1 n l ."'. r tea:! I i. L-a
been for tell th it [c ar l ii i l.-1 '1 ' i." ti.h.
|,ors on foot. doing i1l. a ~1. i "th en-0 . 1'14d
- eat I etter thaln I have f,,r t ear- . t,".lnl iL
- knows how grateful I ale f,,r this wonder
fIl medic in that hais m 'ti' te!lthis gile a
i Mialeree, Kh t.
t
Th del sorme agir lhave of uxury i. to
gl a: v ouiti h .
S others who have inlle Parker'lr (giller
these it are Tonic
I o y alithate it b, Is i Cutt Teethr m. t.
i,. nOessvry c r)I sl-n o .trf si a n1 I w .0. ..... )yle to It
It i e said that no iall an tei hi, wifeo a
ri and kee) his big too -til
I llindlercorn is Is a sinple remedI,
ibt I tak es out the corn, ,l trhat laconiollof lon
li-1 Mlaker walklo g ai pleal ure liltl . at diruill iss.
t iThere are none ~hoill' oli tha ther b ;
these traits are nhingile in a:a+
If the llBaby is Cuttingl Teeth.
it sure a hnd tant le oreI I I owell ! ien r e sulti, iM
YLo . 5ul' u il .:i " ' f I 'hC 1 l i "n ict in[-.
Some few {"l,.e list o to N-:srm to oaf, as
r\ell as to work
SRHEUATPOISON
Ir li the res iso thie usual trlat re.nt of blood
bodiorders. rll e ffr tern i illed li Mercuryha anled.
Potash renie, i-more to he ,'raded than the
_l las-anlld in a hurlt while is in ai far worlle
" condition than befure. The cotiloni result is
(J RHEUMATISM
for which S. is the monst reliable cure. A few
bottles will afford relief where all else has ailed.
I suffers I frut a a t.ver' at i.-k i of Mercurial
Rihnmatwien. my arm, and l1es ibeing swollen
ito twre their natural I se. cizli nll g the moat
excruciating painsL I dailt hlitlnitredt of dolloq
w ithout illr.ief, but aft:r tkinle a few bottlles of
S I iinpr I rapidli and am
uhnow a w, ll man..t.., mplet!e
ivc ill-r ,I. I ciill heairtily
r'('\-llte I it i, Ally Ol6
llTirlll"' fronm thsl euainlI
ti-t.l-'. W. F. I)A.f'Y,
Ilr,.~lin Elevated It. R.
O..r Tre' tie on Blood andl i I .." ^ r.ale I free to any
a hres SWIFT t'I I t Cio.. Atlanta. Ga
.DROPSY
I TIE TFI) FRliEE,
t Positively Cured with l'egelta lle Remedles
la i 'iiii.ie l ii'ulIlll I i i,, "'.'. (';le cases pro.
I Smtn,.,,, ho,,'le ý y I, 'lt l's -, a,,. ':'-,m Itiftdnq
- llyrpt 'ni"l aai peat0 I Iknthr ) sathltltatWUo-thirds
all .syll ptilit' rel ,t vl "i. " -:' :. :-r free book testlmo.
iliais of il arin 'uit clires . 'r,'1 oaL s treatment
free by tmail if you irier t il. 't iu nlic in tahmpt
S pai y pi.taagilt 1)1t. li tti-to .l ' ."S,Atlnntua.,(La.
If ou ornler trial retun II :. :i ertlsement Won
Mollerol Lil oin Deati
I care th," morphtnI :nei:l w),i-ky habits un
der a poiltive lgualran!tee foi"r 15; the tobacco
habit for 'i Proof of ciri" i,.nt frre(ot request.
I'Endorsedit by th-e 1 " "'''" rlil s ! the state of
T' aa Address B. WILSON, Una, Texas.
HAIR BALSAM
Clearnis ansd bteiUtlties th hir.l
- 1 lll'' ,lsse laiiuratitgr i 'lh.
Plever Fails to Restore Ora J
Hllr to its Youthful Color.
tirrclatlp di lost f ie t ilr.
AGENTS MAKE $10 A DAY "'"'" .......
Stits. Just out, Iind iell like a i.i 'o. "end for rln'ullal
and termD. txie loveilty C.o , L .. Nw Orlesan, La.
W N U DALLAS 34-95
When Anlwering Advertirsements Kindy
Mention this Paper.