LOUISIANA POPULIST.
Subslcription $1.00 Per Year. There is No Free Couutry, Unless the People Rule.
VOL. III. NATCHITOCHIES, LA., FEBRUARY 12 1897
SCanton is now the Mecca of the pie
laters.
There will be another political land
lide in 1900.
The trusts are aiding the business
boom by advancing prices.
It looks like the daily papers were
frying to manufacture confidence.
If the republicans give us good times
We'llll all get the benefit-but will they?
Never mind the candidates for 1900;
'et the principles well before the peo
ple.
They probably have some new demo
cracy in Kansas, but it isn't in the
south.
Bryan may be the populist nomineei
or President in 1900, but not as a
democrat.
Confidence may do for a'meal or two
but as an article of steady diet, please
excuse us.
The people's party could be broken
into smithereens by the return of per
manent prosperity.
* One remedy which the republicans
suggest for the cure of hard times is
to raise the taxes-tariff.
The flag and the pulpit are being
prostituted to the end of sustaining the
plutocrats in their position.
The nail trust has advanced prices;
when you buy nails now you buy some
of that promised prosperity.
S;This country was more prosperous
under an exclusive paper currency than
at any other time in its history.
The democrats have had their
chance; the republicans will now have
theirs, and the populists will come next.
.1 Congressman Howard of Alabama
was re-elected on a straight populist
ticket, and there are no strings to
'The hardest blow McKinley's reputa
tion ever received was the congratula
ttieu and indorsement of John Sher
P·5 , ,
It is a little early yet to mention
sandidates for. 1900; better advocate
p:riniples; no trouble to get the candi
ates.
LIt seems that the campaign of edu
estion will'be continued, but the ob
lest lassons will be the most imprea
shve part of It
It requires no keen political fore
ig ht to perceive that the destruction
dthe greeback is the objective point
1 thel bankers' rusade.
Vtle ,resid nt' salary ought to be
ereased; it is worth a million dollars
y.:eto :settle with the place-hunters
e4 d qover seems to have got about
t o'adh.
'The republlcan party has a good
.'poa~rnity now to do something fior
-.  uie,mand i it don't w o it the
7, r :lpw1 wil t o omething for it at the
~tIt election.
: great daily papers announce
tealag headlines when a factory
p- but ' they don't say anything
hi Tmiuroads reducing their
Sti eatting down wages.
IUdillaie speeche to the delega
that rvi1 v1at him hereafter will
he ss3egthy as the ones deivered
Ithe e.mpa ia a , but they will
Si,-,II p aS mucath to the delegates.
, a~i'4,ta papers keep .right on an
*  , attst buMlnem revival, but
:a Itemruatgl number of fIlures are oce
SIip: ng, every weab. The great busi
- O,'/;{ >,-lki ,,eams to exist in the papers
S- ; annual report Secretary of
-+i, la 'Morton brings forward
 .:eIM6 . ..j to show that the American
-I a highly prosperous. Whether
i (gs pa ot.the patpose of justify
W~~,8ii:Pg. mew60s trusts in a further
 1 of priess, or Inttended as a
ut ' ic5I joke is not stated, but
ho whi actally produoing
?: M.Aots W11I have to take con
behla4 thd fact that whUlle
WI)) oot lIa, Itars will some
ti now pasling tht'ough
8 *I1 hMav~ more bearIng
sttH C scatnan4e "dark
S that it mplr· mt be
~Uct1.lb ined
. hl th td o r are
the
TRIUMPH OF GOLD.
VERDICT WRONG. AND THERE
FORE IJOT FINAL.
The Appreciation of Gold and the Con
centration of Wealth Undermining the
Manhood of the Country.
From the American: Gold has tri
umphed. The Ameri'an people have
submitted to the dictation of aliens and
those with alien interests as tn our
financlal policy; they have surren
dered their claim t fi'eedom from for
eign subserviency and to independence
of action; they have suffered the weld
ing around their necks of the yoke of
gold that needs must grind them down
to poverty, stamp out of the spirit of
enterprise and enchain them as the
slaves of poverty to an oligarchy of
wealth. That the submissir.n of the
American people to thh money cliques
is final, that thh spirit of independence
will be so crushed out by poverty dur
ing the coming four years as to make
further resistance ;o the encroach
ments of the moneyed oligarchy *nat is
now being built up on the impoverish
ment of our producing classes, out of
the question, patriotism, love oý bu
manity and implicit trust in the good
ness of the infinite bid tis diey.
We, therefore, cannot regard the re
corded verdict of the American people
as final. It is, at least, the duty of all
those who see the encroachments of
centralized capital, to strive to bring
about a reversal of that verdict and
make every possible sacrifice to defeat
the ultimate enslaving of our produc
ing classes to a moneyed oligarchy.
The possibility of success in those ef
forts may be .slim, the history of the
rise and fall of empires rosy hold but
little promise of Vi'etoy, the position
of those who are striving to enslave the
tolling millions for their own enrich
ment may appear to be impregnable,
the emancipation of our producing
classes from the thralldom of indus
trial slavery that confronts them may
seem impossible of attainment, but
where duty calls, men must follow.
That the money cliques have been
more filmly entrenched than ever by
their victory we are bound to admit,
What the future has in store for out
people we cannot ventutf tb predict.
But one point sth1dbh ?it clearly. It is
the manifest duty of all who believe
that the welfare of our producing
Classes, their very existence as
men of independent thought and
action, and that the preservation
of individual liberty and our re
public is imperiled by adherence
to the appreciating gold stand
ard and general submission to the dic
tates of a rapidly growing moneyed
oligarchy, to strive tirenuotisly, and
without thought bf personal sacrifice,
to bring about a reversal of that re
corded verdict which decrees the im
poverishment and ultimate enslave
ment of our producing classes to a
moneyed aristocracy.
Our republic rests upon the inde
pendence of the individual. Deprive
that individual of liberty of thought
and action, make that thought and ac
tion subservient to another's will and
the republic falls. Reduce our produc
ing classes by the path of poverty to
subserviency to a moneyed oligarchy
and the republic may for a time con
tinue to exist in form, but its existence
as a reality will have passed forever.
And it is along this highroad to the
destruction of outr grand republic that
our producing classes are rapidly pass
ing. Wedded by the Itccess of MBr.
McKinley to a continued adherence to
the policy of gold monometallism,
that needs must grind down to poverty
all those engaged in the production of
wealth, our steps are directed for per
haps four years to come toward the en
alavement of our producing classes, the
destruction of individual liberty and
the overthrow of our republic. The
salvation of the republic, aye, of west
ern eivilization, depends upon tle re
tracing of those steps which we are
now consigned to take. To a retracing
of those steps at the earliest possible
moment we must direct our energies.
Poverty causes the wage-earner to
lose independence of political action.
We have witnessed it in this campaign.
We have seen the wage-earner con
strained by poverty to d$ the bidding
of the employer beyond the walls of
the workshop as well as within, and
when the wage-earner becomes a more
tool of centralized capital, even to the
extent of voting an increased tribute
laid by such organized capital on labor,
the reptublie is lost.
lWhen Industry yields remunerative
profits, the employer of labor finds in.
centive to enlarge production, he has
ever need of additional hands to extend
the oitput of mill and factory, and the
w lge-nr finds no difficulty in se
turing work. With the knowledge
that it disatfssed he can readily secure
work elsewhere, the wage-earner is his
ova master: he will surrender neither
liberty of thought or political action
at the dictation of his employer; he
will defend pend preserve his freedom
and independence. But possessed with
the knowledge that dismissal means
enforteed idleJeUs, suitch as mulst needs,
in tlhe absepnce.ot asvlngs, bin him
ace to, g :,with privation and q~iter
lugIin Ibefintite tool of bhi eum
ployfr A vc i~ erq e a kpaed
'i· 'k .
Just to the degree that work grows
slack, the fear of dismissal grows upon
the wage-earner, and, as this fear
grows, he becomes mare ahd ildre Sub
servient to the dictation of his em- 1
l.ioyer.
Thus it is that as industry grows un- 1
profitable and production is curtailed,
the wage-earner is thrown into the
power of centralized capital and loses
his independence of thought and polit
ical action, for when production is cur- ,
tailed the diflicilty 6i Seburing a jobi
grdws giecater, and the wage-earner,
knowing that dismissal will bring him
face 1o face with starvation, fears to 1
move counter to the dictates of cen
tralized capital as expressed by the
employer of labor, who himself in the
clu-hes of centralized capital, is a
mere task-master driven by a higher
power. fo it is that the #jirfrelating
gold fitantaihd, undermining as it does
the rbofits of industry, and driving
producers into combines aL,l trusts
designed to : estrict production, is lead
ing irresistibly to the enslavement of
our producing classes and the over
throw of our republic.
Though the centralization of wealth
in a few hands and the impoverish
ment and ultimate enslaving of the
many, the Roman republic fell and
Romaih civilization was destroyed.
Along the paths that led to Rome's
downfall we are passing with rapid
strides. It was an appreciating meas
ure of value that made it possible for
the fee to enjoy the fruits of the toil
of the many and lea to the centraliza
tion of wealth in Rome twenty cen
turies ago It is an appreciating meas
ure of value that makes it possible for
the few to enjoy the fruits of toil of
the many and wax fat on the impover
ishment of the prIoducing clasEes tt
day. This transferehice of wealth fiom
the jiroducers of wealth to those who
live in idleness and luxury, an idle
ness made possible by the appreciation
of gold and the enjoyment of unearned
gains, is undermining the manhood of
our producing classes, destroying the
spirit of enterprise and resistance to
encroachments on the rights of our
people and imperiling the existence of
our republic and civilization in the
same way as similar causes imperiled
the existence and finally destroyed the
Roman empire and Roman civilization
duifing the Oafiy centuries of the litFls
tian era.
The American republic, we say it'not
in anger, not in disappointment, but
in humiliation and sadness, is on the
downward path, western civilization
will retrograde, not advance, and the
republic will be destroyed, carrying
down into slavery our toiling millions,
unless the causes that lead irresistibly
to the crushing of the spirit of our pro
ducing classes through poverty and
theit' ultimata enslavement tb a& tion
eyed oligarchy are removed, It is
therefore demanded of all those who
see the encroachments of centralized
capital and who see the path to the
emancipation of our producing classes
from the thralldom of poverty and in
dustrial slavery that they strive stren
uously and continuously, never mind
how great the odds appear to be, to se
cure a reversal of the verdict recorded
for-we hesitate to say by-the Ameri
can people on the election day.
SOME SOLID SHOT.
An Illlinol Preacher FIres at Arrogant
Monopoly.
There will never be a settled state
of society in uiu country, nor nowhere
else in the world, until governments
adopt the act on the foregoing lines.
Justice demands that governments se
cure to all its citizens equal opportuni
ties. Socialism applied will do this.
Competition prevents it.
This cry against socialism is heard
everywhere. We hear it in the press,
on the stump. and in the halls of con
gress. This cry of the hypocritical'
class about "paternalism" is the "stop
thief" cry to cover up their own mean
ness. They control the government and
operate it in their own interest.
It reminds us of the cry "abolition
ist," and "nigger equality" that filled
the air just before Mr. Lincoln's first
election. The enemies of freedom
worked it for all its worth. Now the
same cry of paternalism is raised
against social equality for the same
reason. It demonstrated the ignorance
or meanness, or both, of those who
make it.
All evil is perverted good. We have
had socialism perverted to oppress the
masses for ages. Governments have
been used In that way.
Every trust, every combine, every
corporation, is socialism for the bene
pt of a class. It is perverted socialism.
It is this class of socialists who cry
out against true socialism. True so
cialism, the kind that the world needs,
is government socialism, or socialism
of all society instead of classes in so
ciety. Let the government, all its cit
izens, be the only capitallst. Individ
ualism will still have ample scope for
operating, limited only by not being
permitted to levy tribute on society.
True socialesm is coming. We might
as well undertake to make Mississippi
river run towardthe north pole as to
try to stop its coming.
For six thousand years, nearly, the
world has been "grqaning and tr'rwal
tag in pain" under the grinding law of
competlton. Now the seventh thou
sand year sart,. w~io is to be rod's
millennium, is at the door and the
world is going to be "born again." We
are in the throes of the new birth now.
In that new cra civil law will be in
harmony with diviht liw. As it is now
human law is elevated above divine
law.
This is the disturbing element which
districts society all over the world. Our
definition of usury elevates man's law
above God's law. Our land tenure laws
do the same thing. Out of these two
errors iiave come ill the strife and
commotion which vex and agitatt so
ciety. In the millennial period which
is being ushered in the civil govern
ments or law will be just and based
on divine law. That Is all the millen
nium means. There will be no monop
olies and trusts then. "They shall
build houses and occupy them, plant
vineyards and @at the fruit, They
shall not build and anothr deeupy;
they shall not plant and afidther eat,"
etc. Every family will own a home of
their own, across the threshold of
which no officer of the law can cross
with writs of ejectment for non-pay
ment of rents or taxes, for interest and
rents will be no more, and every man
shall "sit under his own vine and fig
tree and none to molest or make him
afraid," Oh, happy day' Oh, gloriouls
eft! iThe Lord hasten it on,--Rev, D.
Oglesby, Richview, ill.
SILVER NOT ENOUGH.
The Fight Must Be Made oa the Old
Greenback Idea.
The financial fight of the Populists
must hereafter be made upon the old
greenback idea of a full legal tender
paper money based upon the entire
wealth of the country. The silver
question upon which this campaign has
been fought is very largely i ftake
issue. Even if we could get free coin
age the same conditions would remain
and similar results would follow. It
would simply enlarge the circle of men
who control the metals from which
money is made. No permanent reform
can ever come until this power is ei~
tirely removed from the hands of mine
owners and bankers. The great busi
ness Interesta of this country should
never be allowed to hinge upon the
chance discovery and working of
somb mointaith mine that cabt be fid-.
trolled 1by & few individuuls. The god,
owners know full well that frde e6il
age of silver would not change the sys
tem by which the rich are growing
richer and the poor poorer. They
would simply be obliged to share their
base metal with another class of men
equally rapacious and dishonest. The
whole metal theory of primary money
is false and should be thrown aside as
an outgrown relic of barbarism. Mod
ern civilitation demands modern
methihds, fihd a scicnifiec pfleier ntlie9B
will best subsei've the interests Of thld
future. The campaign that has just
closed has served a useful purpose in
educating people that a single gold
standard is not desirable. This half
truth once established, it will be easier
to overthrow the whole system of
metal money, A reform once started
always goes farther than its promoters
intended. The war of the rebellion
started with the issue of non-extension
of slavery; it ended with the com
plete destruction of the whole system.
Had the slaveholders yielded the flrst
point their institution would have been
saved many years. They blindly re
sisted and they lost all. The presen;
agitationh for monetary reform has
been equally tmild in its beginning.
The very fact that the capitalists have
so stubbornly resisted this tilfderate
demand will only hasten their own
downfall. Revolution feeds upon oppo
sition. This agitation will not cease
for one moment. It will continue with
ever accelerating speed and force. In
four years from now the people will
not be satisfied with the mere rehabili
tation of silver. Th'ey will demand the
complete destruction of the whole
metal basis system and their demands
will then be enforced by their ballots.
-Maine Populist.
Barglary and Kleptomania.
If a poor man or woman is caught
stealing something they need to livei
upon, it is burglary, and they are sent
to the penitentiary. If a rich man or
woman steal what they do not need,
it is kleptomania, and they are either
turned loose or are sent to the asylum.
It is kleptomania, up to a certain
point, say a few hundred dollars. But
if the same man or woman steal a
r:ailroad, or by their dealings can get
possession of all the coal or oil in the
world without buying it, it is flnan
ciering, and they are not only ban
Iqueted at public expense, but they are
1worshiped by the poor fools they rot,
iand are pointed out as great exemplars
for the young of the land. The Scrip
tures say, "Let him that steals stea
no more." It should read: Let him
that steals steal the country blind, an,
the people will rise up and call him
blessed.-Inter-Mountain Advocate.
About all that is expected of the re
publicans, so far as bringing perma
nent prosperity to the cotutry is con
erned, is for them to fume, fret, and
fizzle.
An exchange says: "Thp natlonal
democrats will hold on"' What are
they goig to hold i to, plese?
"- : -. "
l~"~~r~~ Q~~·AZA~
COMPOUND INTEREST.
STARTLING FIGURES THAT
SHOW ITS POWER.
Only a Question of Time as to When
Wealth Will Center on a Few-Govern
ment Ownership of Railways and
Government Control of Banks a
Remedy.
The following articles from the Mis
souri World furnishes tood for
thought. It shows the enormous power
of compound interest to consume. The
people of the United States are now
in the clutches of this monster. The
World says:
"Fifty years ago money loaners did
not reloan their interest to as great
extent as now, Then the loans of any
one Individual ere small compared
to what they are now, and the interest
was largely used to pay the expenses
of living. Now we have many so rich
that with the greatest extravagance
they can spend only a small part of
:heir income. Hence the great fortunes
are steadily drawing compound in
terest. An agent of a St. Louis build
ing and loan company called on us
the other day and left us a little hook
explaining the workings of the com
pany. In the book we found the fol
lowing table, which we presume is cor
rect:
$1 drawing interest at
Compound. Simple.
LJ per cent will in
10 years amount to..$ 2.59 $ 2.00
20 years amount to.. 6.73 3.00
30 years amount to.. 17.45 4.00
40 years amount to.. 45.26 5.00
50 years amount to. 117.39 6.00
100 years amount to.. 13,780.61 11.00
Two hundred years amount to
compound, $189,905,270,46; simple. $21.
Three hundred years amount to
compound, $2,716,010,996,188.64: simple,
$31.
'To pay the above amount would en
gage 111 paying tellerb just 300 years,
or precisely as long as it would take
$1 at 10 per cent to produce it, each
one to count $10 every second without
intermission during banking hours
(from 9 to 4), and work every day in
the year, Sundays excepted.
"Pursuaing the above table, it will
be seen that it is only a matter of time
when COmpouand interest to individuals
will centralize in the hands of the few
practically all the wealth of the nation.
There is only one avenue of escape, and
that is government loans. We may in
crease our money volume and give
great temporary relief, but compound
interest would soon place us back
where we are. Nobody's property is
really safe. The money lenders, by
simply refusing to invest except in
loatin, can so tie up the circulating me
dium that no property owner could
escape going in debt,
"Government loans, instead of cir
culating wealth in the hands of the
few, would indirectly divide every
dollar of interest received among all
the people: With the government do
ing the money lending, no man could
sit idle in his easy chair and grow rich
off other people's labor through inter
est. Government banks would furnish
all the people an absolutely safe place
of depositing money: would loan money
at all times on good security at a low
rate of interest.
"The merchant, or other person,
who now goes to the bank could still
go to it it it was owned by the govern
mett, The :ate of interest might be
2 per cent a year, or, even it It was
4 per cent, it would not matter, for the
profits would belong to the people's
treasury and would take the place of
that much taxes. Four per cent to the
government would be as cheap as 2
per cent to individuals.
"With government banks any enter
prise, however great the government
should undertake, could be carried out
without issuing bonds or going in debt
to individuals. For example, if the
government desired to build a rail
road that w3uld cost one hundred
million dolla:s, the railroad depart
ment could borrow of the banking de
partment the required sum, either with
or without interest. The money paid
out by the railroad department would
immediately find its way back to the
banking department, the people to
whom it was paid would, of course,
take it to the banks and deposit it.
Just look at the above compound in
terest table and consider that we are
now paying compound interest on more
thah ten thousand million dollars, and
then consider also the impossibility of
ever paying out under the policy of the
Rothschilds' gold standard.-Southeru
Mercury.
IT IS BOUND TO COME.
Hilgh EnglIneering Authority on Govern
ment Telegraph.,
The Engineering Magazine, in a re
cent issue, closes an article concerning
recent improvements in telegraphy as
follows.
Speculation as to the future of the
electric telegraph would be within ex
tremely narrow bounds if the question
of government control was not coasid
ered. It may be somewhat remote, but
it is hard to avoid the conclusion that
the government will not always draw
the lines as to the vehicle to be em
ployed for carrying Its mail. It now'
uses over 3,000 railway cars on 150,000
-ilos of road and keeps 0,000 clerks on
the move, traveling in crews 140,000,000
miles a year, during which time 9,000,
000,000 pieces of mail matter are han
iled. About 300 m:ail cars are wrecked.
a dozen clerks are killed and 150 in
jured during the same period. The
ttal expense of the postal service is
about $75,000,000 per annum, and the
department is not far from self-sus
taining. How can so vast a system Ig
nore the difference between railway and
electrical seds? A car travels 410
,riles an hour, a current 200,000 miles
a second. The automatic chemical
telegraph will send a message' of 1I"
words from New York to Chicago every
second, and 50 words-about the aver
age of a business lettcr-in three sec
onds. If time be reckoned as the basis
of value for correspondence, which
will appeal most to the business man, a
letter occupying 24 hours in covering
1,000 miles for two cents, or a tele
gram going the same distance in three
seconds for 15 cents? Would not a very
large proportion of business communi
cations warrant the extra 13 cents?
Could a man using the train mails
compete in business with another using
the telegraph? Not any more than a
man traveling by canal could rival an
other going by the linm.ted express.
Uncle Sam as a Manager.
liow much do you suppose it would
cost to send a letter did private cor
porations own and control the postal
system? At least double, and that
would be a very liberal allowance, but
in all probability it would cost not less
than five cents. The postal system as
now operated barely pays expenses and
usually is a little shy on meeting the
demands of the department. Would
it be rasonable to suppose that cor
porations would operate it for the dear
people at such a pace? Most certainly
not. They would have to increase
charges enough to pay dividends. Ap
ply the same rule to railroads and tele
graph and it will be plainly seen that
.the people are paying no less than
double the price they would be re
quired to expend for transportation and
transmission of news did the govern
ment own the railroads and telegraph.'
I The railroads are public conveniences.
So is the telegraph. So is the post
office. If it is3 right and proper for the
government to own the postoffice, why
is it not right that it should own the
railroads and telegraph? They are al
most as essential tc the public as the
postal system. The postal system is
much more complex and difficult to
operate than either railroads or tele
graph, so there can be no argument
against government ownership on the
ground that the government is incom
petent to handle them.
Uncle Sam has demonstrated so often
his ability to manage railroads, and at
the present writing has some of the
largest trunk lines in the country un
der his immediate supervision. These
demonstrations also show that the gov
ernment is more adept in handling rail
roads than corporations, inasmuch as
it never takes charge of a road until
the company owning it has about lost
the last pin upon which it stands. Then
through a receiver Uncle Sam takes
hold of the property and pulls it
through, doing justice to both the orig
inal,owners and the creditors, while if
the road had remained In the hands of
the very "competent" owners, bank
ruptcy would be inevitable.
In short, the government is a first
class manager for any enterprise. It
has shown its fitness as a railroad
manager, and would be fully as com
petent to manage the telegraph, or any
other publi necessity.--Evening Jour
nal.
Paternalism of Uncle Sam.
Government ownership is well illus
trated by the federal printing offee at
Washington, which is conducted di
rectly by the government and for the
government. Never since it was es
tablished has there ever occurred a'
strike in it, the highest wages being
paid, and union printers are wholly
recognized. The printers in that shop
work shorter hours than anywhere
else, and friction in any of the depart
ments is comparatively unknown. It
quires greater skill to run a large print
ing house than it does a railroad, the
telegraph or any other branch of in
dustry. Yet, Uncle Sam can't touch
railroads or telegraph because of his
incompetency. Uncle Sam could give
the people better and cheaper services
than Gould or Vanderbilt ever at
tempted. St. Louis Evening Journal.
A Great Fraud.
It Is estimated that a mile of railroad
can be constructed for $5,300; neverthe
less the average capitalization per mile
is $64,000. The whole railroad system
of this country, capitalized at eleven
thousand million dollars, could be du
plicated for about one-third that sum,
and if the water was squeezed out of the
rail trust, car-building corporations
and other combines, the cost would be
less than one-fourth. So, instead of
paying taxes, the railroads have been
given franchises to tax the people.
Coming Nation.
There is not a trust or corporstion In
the country but what wants the star-t
ing army Ilncrad.