LOUISIANA POPULIST.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $1.00 A YEAR. There is No Free Country, Unless the People Rule. PRICE, 5 CENTS.
VOL. II NATCHITOCHES, LOUISIANA, FRIDAY, OCT. 11, 1893. NO. s.
A GLANCE AT AFFAIRS.
A CONSERVATIVE REVIEW OF
THE SITUATION.
The Operations of Monopelles sad the
Blighting Erect-The Money Trust the
Meet Powerful and Cruel of All-The
Imerease of Crime.
A glance at the sitnation of affairs
and condition of the country. that has
produced universal unrest and given
birth to so many "reform theories"
and allusions to -aristocracy." .piu
tocracy" and -corruption in high and
low places," might be opportune at
this time, if not instructi\e.
That ".perpetuities and monopolies
are contrary to the genius of a free
govcrnment" i, doubtless endorsed
by a large majority of the people of
tile United States, yet they exist and
flourish th-ough the length and
breadth of the country.
Attention is directed first to the
land which is said to be rapidly con
centrating in the hands of the few.
while the army of tenants are rapidly
increasing. In many of the western
states large bodies of agricultural and
pastoral lands are held by alien and
domestic syndicates, not to mention
the extensive holdings of individuals.
In Texas. for illustration, one com
pany owns 3,000.004, acres in a bod .
while one railroad company in tic:s
state was granted, by a Democratic
legislature, an amount of land which,
if in one body, would be one mile wide
and nearly 8000 miles long, or nearly
5,120,000 acres, free from all taxa
tion for twenty-like years from the
date of the grant.
It may not be out of place j'.,t here
to state that the total area of land in
the United States Is 2,297.'1$6,547
acres. Of this 1,002.997,177 acres are
not available, leaving 1,281,089,370
acres available, divided in 1890 as
follows;
tcres
In farms ................. ........... 70.O 5
Owned by railroads . 17816 0101
Owned by aliens. ............... 61.9M0.01u
Owned by speculators .............. ,30.500
Total ...53............. ....... 91 e 7, 5
A simple calculation will show that
at that date we had only 335,6946,995
acres of available land remaining.
It would be well to note here that the
railroads, aliens, and speculators then
owned 22,526,000 acres, most, if not
all of which was then and is now held
for speculative purposes; and, it
might be added, that the desire among
those who have large spims of money
at their command to acquire land in
creases with passing years.
Under existing systems the English,
Scotch and German aliens, with sur
plus capital, seek secure investments
that promise a return to them or their
posterity. Naturally they look to the
United States as being the best field
for such investments, as there is little
left in Europe or Asia that ean be so
easily acquired and at such reasonable
figures, promising at the same time
such large returns.
Aganl, the millions of acres owned
by the railroads might with propriety
be classed with the holdings of aliens,
as the English. Scotch and German,
with a lfew American capitalists, hold
our 6,679,292,613 of railroad bonds,
hence indirectly own the railways
and their lands.
But there are other monopolies,
among which may be mentioned the
oil, meat, grain, telegraph, banking,
whisky, leather, coal, iron, clothing.
glass, sugar, twine, a monopoly of
the gold mines, as also a monopoly of
the silver mines, and a thousand or
more not necessary to enumerate. A
corporation may be, under certain
circumstances, a necessity, but it is
geerally conceded that a monopoly
or trust (which bis several monopolies
comblned) is a curse. There was a
time when owve a retail merchant
was considered a gentleman, a bea
fator in his community, a freeman;
bet all this i changed, uas under the
system inaugurated by the trusts, he
is simply an agent for them, a kind of
toll collector. In some lines of mer
chadise the trusts go so far as to I
even 8x the price ast which he shell
retail eir products, sand refune to
obey their orders he is boycotted or
blackllsted, and cannot handle their
pdedte agade. The beaker is the
menrbat's other boss. 4
Th. truasporation problem should I
not escape oice here, for it isof 1
lioet nterenst to all. By orlganisl
tilen the rieon railway managem te
are grInuily obliterating compelt
le, a teter that hs ever bee reo
oglaed s the Ulfe of trde, 1o the - In
taret of the people; and therefore, if
thoe not already, are rapidly
pe a most powerful, exaecIn I
ad oppressive moopoly. Ie
ed, It le seerted that I
these les of railway which 1
have na *espetltlen now ehargo 1
nl that the tral will buer," sad,
nhsa frys that emo ma dodoge by
ren g ast home, all freiglhts must I
he paid e the end by the cosumer.
While it ) tera that the freight on
steas of merehelias, whea apper.
stoliu, is emparntiely light eneh a
Gastsap of de e la a eroa's 4
r rn tw: watered -teek and bend..
- . '
of all monopolies, one most vicious.
grasping an tyrannical is the money
monopoly. If the blood in a man.
from any cause, fails to circulate in
any part of the body for a given time,
disease sets in, and so with money.
When it fails to circulate freely.
economic cholera results. This ar
gument is quite familiar to those who
, read the reform lit_rature of the day.
and wether true or not, the fact re
mains that we have a money monop
oly or money power. or. if you please,
a financial trust. Through the na
5 tional banks this is made possible.
A borrower is the servant of the
lenader, and so the country banks be
ing borrowers from the larger banks
I of the money centers are ready to
obey every mandate of the organized
money power or bank combine.
Through the concerted action of the
members of the money monopoly the
vol:ime of the currency may at any
time be 'ontracted. The quasi in
dorsemcnt of the government gives
national banks a standing. hence an
ad.autage. over the private or indi
•idual banker, as most people believe
that the government is responsible to
the depositors in case the bank fails.
Such, however, is not the case.
The authority granted by act of
congress to national banks to issue
notes to circulate as money is the
foundation for the money monopoly
of this country. Tney get interest
semi-annually on the bonds held by
the government in trust for the bank
notes furnished, and pay the govern
ment 1 per cent per annum for the
notes. and loan these same notes to
the people at from 1 to 5 per cent per
month, owing to the locality and the
necessities of the borrower, always
discounting the interest from the face
of the loan.
Let a few efforts of this money
monopoly be cited. In I65-t; we had
about 1b5) uer capita in circulation.
Money was plentiful (the banks could
not corner it), business was good.
labor employed, contented and happy
and the country prosperous. This
resulted from the use of home capital,
greenbacks, and the people were com
parmtively free from debt. This did
not suit the money lenders of this
country and Europe, hence a con
spiracy to contract our currency. To
that end congress was beseiged and
on April 12, 1866, an act was passed
providing for the retirement of the
greenbacks. The law authorized the
secretary of the treasury to sell 5-20
bonds and retire the currency, includ
ing the various issues. For each dollar
of bonds sold one dollar of currency
was taken out of circulation. This
process went on for years uninterrupt
ed. It proved to be a bonana to
those able to buy bonds, for subse
quently the bondholders secured the
passage of a law changing the bonds
from a currency debt to a coin debt,
making, it has been said, $800,000,000
by the transaction in the difference
between coin and currency ob
ligations at that date. As
before stated, in 1866-6 the
country was booming, for we had
$1,896,687,900 in circulation. Contrac
tion went on, however, and in 1867 we
had 2386 businesos failures, with a loss
of over p86,000,000. Costraction con
tinued, until in 1876 we had 9092 busi
ness failures and $100,000,000 of losses.
But the money power was not satis
fled, and in 1873 congress passed a
law and struck down silver, thus mak- ,
ing gold the only money of finnl ac
count, or money of redemption, hence
enhancing the value of all coin obli
gations and disturbing business rela
tions generally. Thus we have gone
from bed to worse. seemingly, until
to-day we have, allowing the most 4
liberal estimate to be correct, of the 4
ten kinds of money, all told, but f
$24.26 per capita in olroulation for I
the entire country, with but from 06
to 89 in the south and was, ad that, .
too, with a population more than a
double what it was in 1865. In 1876
the people were horrfled at the situn
tie., but Ln 1898 the money monopoly
so manipulated afairs as to cause
200,000 business failures and a loss of
so$3,000,000,000.
in this oonnection it iis necessary, to 1
fully understand the situation, to re
fer to our debts of all kids. Accord- 1
iLg to United States .enator Daniel
of Virginia, the indebtedness of this
people, including the federal debt,
debts of the states and territories.
counties, cities, towns, school dis
tricts. railroads, baks, telegraph,
telephone, street car, electric light.
gas and water oompaies, farm mort
gage, all the corporations and indl
vidual indebtedaese foots up #40,00) t
000,000. Fixiig our ppulation at
69.000,00. this gives us a per oapita
debt of 679.71. In 1890 our total as
seed valatiLoen was only $17,189,903,
496, or 497.18 per capita.
WhaLtever may be the cease, it is
not the provinee of this paper to de
teramln, but erlme Li dangepously on
the lncreas. Ia 1860 we bed 16,066 4
prisoners, or one out of every 1647 of
popalltion, while la 1890 we had 82,- i
820 prisLners, or on out of every i
767 o ouar population.
Agal fully 9 per cet of oar basi- I
estls treaseotod on ondenos, by g
as exehlage of paper, o money be
sg ueed; nud with a per caplta debt
of 19.71 hagilapg over the peopl,
with b t .l per aespitta i ezatr a
one wlih whek to pay, the situatieo
artiley ivies reSection. What "
waid o hte naioelef ba e if it!
could comprehend when bore, tet it
owed $879.71?
This is but a glanco at our affairs.
the facts plainly stated. for the pic
ture has not been overdrawn. 'iie
reader can determine for himself
whether the suggestions are correc'
or not; that the theory of our govern
ment has been perverted: that indi.
viduality has been oosc.ured,. if not
obliterated. by monopoly except
perhaps in some ant of crime: that
while money becomes scarcer, hence
dearer, debts pile up. tenants, tramps
and criminals multiply: that we have
too many milliouaires and too many
paupers: that we are seemingly losing
the sturdy spirit of American man
hood: that we are rapidly becoming a
nation of toadies. --hewers of wood
and drawers of water" for the few;
and finally, that the nation im sicd un
to death, with only quact doctors in
attendance. --J. T. W. Lot ,i ,South
erm Mercury.
Yes, Wake I p.
The eagle is no longer in it. The
lion and the unicorn. emblcns of
British supremacy. are to be seen
everywhere. The great union depot
at St. Louis is bristling with British
lions done in stone. glass and iron,
as are also the life insurance and
trust buildings. These institutions
are controiled by English captitalists
and bear the impress. Tice oour.
ragged. out-of-work millions of Amer
icans sneak about in the shadow of
this foreign supremacy just as do the
fellacs of Egypt or the once free citi
zens of farther India. .hame on
Americans who cannot see their de
graded vassalage to a foreign money
power. What British red-coats failed
to do. British money. used where it
will do the most good in American
politics, has accomplished. There
are thousands of Americans to-day in
the pay of British and other foreign
interests. Our forefathers had only
one Benedict Arnold to deal with.
To-day these interests are in every
town and village, and the poor duues,
whining about bard times, have not
the intelligence to see the subtle in
flnence reducing them to mere ma
clines to support a foreign aristocracy
aid its American tories. Wake up,
Americans, Egyptian servitude is be
ing prepared for you. You have and
are aiding in it by your votes for the
parties that have controlled this na
tion for the last thirty years.-Kan
sas City Appeal to Reason.
Goverameset Ownerbhip
Poor's Manual for 1894, shows that
the railroads paid. in dividends to
stockholders and bondholders, $27,
000,000 less than in 1893.
'This loss is explained in the cor
poration reports upon the ground
that the demagogues and the law
makers have been interfering too
much with the railroad business.
It seems to us that the true expla
nation is that the railroads have
shared in the shrinkage caused by
the contraction of the currency.
Also, that the railroads, by unrea
sonable rates, have discouraged
and destroyed much of the shipping
business which should have been fos
tered; for instance, the melon and
fruit business.
Another explanation is that the
railroad presidents, vice presidents,
lawyers and lobbyists absorb such a
tremendous amount of the railroad
earnings that precious little is left for
the stockholders.-Atlanta People's
Party Paper.
ait Threm Agaie.
The Janus-faced combine, with
Cleveland on one side and Sherman
on the other, has gone crazy over the
gold standard, while the silver mono
maniacs are sighing for a party based
on a single issue. but the only people
politically sound, sane and patriotic
mae the adherents of the 'People's
party. Sanity will win, and the mono
maniacs must be placed in an asylum
when they become too dangeorous.
Galveston Reformer.
Goormemot Owashtp
In ninety American cities lightekd
by private corporations the average
price per light, porAnnum, '6l114.68.
In fifty-flive American cities owning
their own plants the averae prico is
per light, per annum, $57.88. Differ
ence in favor of public ownership per
annum for each light 66.70. Which
Is the best for the people?-Clarendon
lndustrial West.
Brs it WilIt Net.
While the Twenty-fourth legisla.
ture Is at Austia in extra ession it
ought to take time to puss a law that
will effeotuaily ran out of the state
the multitudinous swindlingt life and
fre insurance and building and loan
and endowment bond conoerns which
are ionfesting it.--San Antonio Ex
press.
If gold is 'God's moeey," how does
It happen that the devil controls it?
Lake Side (La) Review.
ecause the devil a lint would be,
but a devil of a saint Is he.--Shreve
port (La.i) Caucasian.
WerbSagme
Werktlnagma, If you think there is
no hereafter. you are mlstaken. Every
vote you cast for either old pety
tclkt, is one step auether toward
slaver,.
LAWYERS FOR GOLD.
WHEN MADE LEGISLATORS.,
JUDGES, OR OFFICIALS.
Are True to Their Old Master*, tile
Corporations, and Their Fees (o Right
Along- Time for Ham to Step I)own
and Out.
The Representative: The infamnles
perpetrated by the corporations are
aided by the corporation lawyer, and
the fact that he becomes a legislator,
a judge, or holds any other government
position, does not in any degree absolve
him from his allegiance to the corpora
tion. "There is," says the Chicago
Weekly Sentinel, "scarcely an instance
of misru:e or of injustice to the common
people, while conferring favors upon
the rich, that cannot be traced directly
to the machinations and intrigue of the
corporaton lawyer."
Corporations are veritable govern
ments, deriving their powers from gov
ernments formed by the people, usurp
ing the power of the civil government
and avoiding responsibility and punish
ment, no matter what the controversy,
by always having "a friend at court,"
or a paid servant, or both, in the person
of the corporation lawyer.
The government is poor, can raise"
money only by taxation; corporations
are rich, can pay their hired servants
princely sums.
Every attorney regards it as his fir.st
great duty to provide for the payment
of his fee. He will take any case, or
any side of a case, provided his fee is
forthcoming. A man may be a mighty
poor lawyer, but he is always a good
fee-taker. Nobody ever knew a lawyer
to refuse any part of a fee offered him.
Now, take a lawyer who has spent
half of his life working for the man
or oorporation that will pay him the
biggest fee, instead of studying ques
tions of right and wrong that affect the
welfare of his fellow man, and he is
mighty poor material to make a disi:n
terested, unselfish, patriotic statesman
of. Ten chances to one he will keep
right on taking fees from the most gen
erous fee-giver.
Uncle Sam pays a lawyer $5,000 a
year for his services as United States
senator. His old master, a certain rail
road corporation, in whose employ he
may yet continue secretly, can pay him
$50,000 for his vote on an important
measure, and make money by the op
eration. Can the conscience of the av
erage corporation lawyer stand such a
strain?
Uncle Sam pays his president $50,000
a year. A money syndicate, or corpora
tion of bankers, if you please, can pay
him $1,000,000 to force a big bond issue,
and make for them $10,000,000 clear by
the operation. Could a man accustomed
all hit life to taking fees from corpora
tions, and trying to make the wrong
side of questions appear right, resist
such a temptation?
A man accustomed all his life to re
gard his fee as the most important
feature of any transaction is a danger
ous man to represent the interests of
the common people, who are unable to
back up a small salary with extra fees
and perquisites.
And yet it Is just that class of men
who get into office, especially into legis
lative halls, elected by the aid of corpo
rations, to do the dirty work of corpo
rations.
You can count on your fingers the
names of every congressman and U. 8.
senator who was, prior to his election,
neither a corporation attorney nor an
omcer, director or stockholder in a na
tional bank.
Nearly every cabinet officer since the
days of Lincoln has been a corporation
lawyer. Every president since Grant
has been a corporation lawyer.
Every federal judge of the present
day, with scarcely an exception, has
been a corporation lawyer.
Shiras, who went over to the million
aires with the casting vote on the in
come tax, was a corporation lawyer.
Olney, the new secretary of state, won
his appointment through his devotion
to the interests of corporations less than
a year ago.
Harmon, the new attorney gene-al,
has long been the head of a firm of
corporation lawyers, and announces
that business in his interest will still be
transacted at the old stand.
Chauncey Depew gets $100,000 a year
as attorney for a single corporation,
and the man whom he is coachlng for
president wouldn't stand the ghost bf
a chance for renomination were it not
for his past services as attorney for
railroad corporations.
With the executive, judicial and leg
islative branches of our goverament
ander the management of eorporation
lawyers, is it any wonder that our laws
are passed, interpreted and exeeated
in the Interest of corporations, and to
the great detriment of the common peo
ple?
There is little hope for genuine po
lltileal reform until the corporation law
ye is made to step down sad out.
We publish elsewhere ba story of a
pensioner of the government lvltag in
the State of Kases who demanded his
mosey in gold The gedhags have en
couragee every lu,.n to ne.,eve that ,he
has a perfect right to demand gold for
any government obligation. Mr. Car
lisle has insisted on paying out gold on
Paper that specifically states that it
represents gold or silver, and he pays
out gold on other paper whose face
calls for silver. Mr. ('leveland and his
abettors say that it is necessary to pay
every obligation in gob. upon the de
mand of foreigners. They insist further
more that there is an abundance of gold
as a basis for all the paper and silo 'r
obligations that are now being used.
The man who believes the truth of
these statements naturally expects that
he can go to a bank and demand gold
for any money he earns. Whether this
Kansas pensioner really believed the
story he had heard that it would be a
robbery of the soldiers to remonetize
silver a:,d pay the government pen
sioners in silver dollars, or whether he
wanted to prove that those who thus
talked were liars, le tried the experi
ment and found that the "honest
money" was not on hand to pay his
lpension.
Here is a practical test of the honesty
of the "honest money" scheme. If the
pensions of the soldiers alone were to be
paid each quarter in gold two-thirds of
the banks of the country would hay" io
shut their doors and go out of busine:s.
Let the people demand the gold for
every day business purposes and the
bankers would be the most eager people
in the country for a double standard.
We doubt if there is a bank in Rich
mond that could pay its obligations for
three days with gold alon'.
There.is nothing that more clearly
demonstrates the dishonesty of these
advocates of a single standard. This
pensioner had a perfect right to de
mand payment in gold, and if he had
been dealing with honest men he would
have received his demand. These gold
I bug papers tell us that the poor mian
wants the very best money for his
services, but when he goes to a bank
and demands that he shall be paid in
gold he is driven out of the bank.
A home or foreign banker can, ho .
ever, send to the United States Treas
ury a silver certificate. which the bank
er says is worth only fifty cents on the
dollar, and get dollar for dollar in gold.
When one who knows anything of
money hears one of these goldbugs talk
about the abundance of gold for all
commercial purposes and sees with
what tenacity the banks cling to it and
knows that there is not enough in the
banks to pay the soldiers' pensions
alone the thought cannot be kept back
"what liars these goldbug mortals be."
-Richmond, Va., Star.
Hard on Cleveland.
The law said that import duties
interest on the bonds should be paid in
"Coin."
The law said that import duties
should be paid in "Coin."
The scheme of the law was that the
import duties should supply the coin
needed to pay the interest on the bonds.
If this law were carried out, we
would always be lush of coin, and bond
issues could not be forced.
But Cleveland says that coin, at the
Custom House, means either silver or
gold.
Therefore the Wall Streeters pay the
import duties in silver.
At the treasury, Cleveland says the
word coin means gold.
Therefore the Wall Streeters get
gold.
In this adroit way Cleveland plays
into the hands of the Wall Streeters,
and they catch the tax payers both
ways.
Do you believe that Cleveland pros
titutes public policy to the Wall Street
syndicates in this way without.being
paid for it-either directly or in
directly ?
Never in the world. A corrupter
ruler than Cleveland has never held
the reins of our Government. His
enormous wealth, suddenly piled up,
during the last four years, cannot be
explained upon any other idea than
that he has been a secret partner in
the infamous deals he has allowed Wall
Street to make at the expense of the
people.
What will be the next move, after
the raiders have got all the bonds they
want?
The retirement of the Greenback!
The paper money of the Government
is to be destroyed, and the monopoly of
issuing currency and of controlling its
volume is to be handed over to the
national bankers. Silver will be
token money only; gold will be the
money of reserves and final payment;
bank notes will be the currency of the
business world, and the national bank
monopoly will set their own price upon
that
Take a broad view of the tendency of
I events, and see if this isn't the situation
Swhich threatens us:
Ist. The nation's public revenues
mortgaged to the Wall Street syndl
cates by means of bonds.
2ad. The nation's private revenues
put at the mercy of the Wall Street
syndicates by means e. the transporta
tion taxes leviel by the raillroads and
the taxes levied on the medium of ex
change by3 the National Bank monop
oly.
Woman's Wit.
TOLD BY A SOCIETY GIRL.
Iasoethiug About Morphine, Sulphe.,
Molasses and Other Things.
From the Evening News, Newark, N. J
Among the popular society leaders in
Iast Orange, N. J., Emma L. Stoll. a charnm
ing young maiden, stands in the foremost
rank. She ia of lovable disposition and the
light of the social set In which she moves.
For two years she has been a sick girl Irotn
internal troubles peculiar to women. and
having recently recovered, has given our re
porter the following interesting account
I"nstead of improving under the care of
my physician I became worse. For tire
weeks I was unable to get out of bei1 aln
about .ix o'clock each morning I suiffer.-l
horribly. My 11ps were sore and lac'eratel
from the marks of my teeth. for in mly
efforts to keep from screauling I suink 'lr
teeth deep, into lmy lien:. At sup b timlles I
roiled and tossed until the led shl,ok like
alI aspen lerf and it finally got -i seriol,u
that the doctor I won't tell you his naume
gave mie sonie imorphine pills to take 'I'IThe
very thollught of them now mltake, me shiver
These morphine pills simply put me to
sleep for a while and when I becanume o,,n
scions again my agony was renewed
"The pain in my stomach and Ihak ,' as
more than I could stand. 'Your ;lowl Iu
poor,' said the doctor. 'takesulphur and iu.,
lasses,' and I did until it was a great v'.n
der that I was not a molasses cake. It we
time 'vasted in taking it because I was nitl
benefited in the least; mly suffering ,'"lnt ln
tied. but by a mighty effort after ilin-g in
bed so long I got up. Oh, but I wass a a'l
sight then. From 112 pounds I had fa;lle
te ninety ; my cheeks were pale and sunk-n,
and I limped; yes. actually hotllel Ifrm
the extreme pain in ntmy side. Then I read
of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for I'ale l'eopl.
and the testimonials in the News inslireal
nie with hope I got the pills and too
tlhem. Before many days 1 began to ins
irfove and before I had finished one Ibox I
felt as if I could go out and wsalk for miles
I soon stopped limping and through the
Pink Pills I soon bid good ,by to my heal
aches while the pain in my stomanlih * il
la)'k slowly but surely suumlled to the
aufllence of these pills that seelies to i*a
able to pursuade all pain to leave oles,'
body. Now I am as I used to he. well ani
Itrong, lighthearted and merry Iut never
without the pills. tee I have got somie of
them now." and from a nearby desk sthe
handed out one of the boxes.
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills coLtain, in
endensed form, all the elements necessary
to give new life and richness to the hlood
and restore shattered nerves. They are
a so a specific for troubles peculiar to
females, such as suppressions, irregulari
ties. and all forms of weakness. 'l'Ihc
build up the blood, and restore the
glow of health to pale and sallow
cheeks. In men they effect a radi
cal cure in all cases arising from
mental worry, over-work, or excesses
of whatever nature. Pink Pills are sold iii
boxes (never in loose bulk) at 50 cents a box
or six boxes for 1v.50, and may to had of
all druggists, or direct by mail from Dr.
Williams Medicine Compaig, chenectady,
N. Y.
What the Jiji Shtmpoe sys.
The Jiji Shimpo, the leading news
paper of Japan says, in a recent is
sue, that: It finds that in ten years
Japan sold to the United States goods
to the value of 264,417,237 yen and to
Europe only 217,745,204 yen. But in
the same time Japan purchased from
Europe goods to the value of 338,866.
000 yen and from the United States
only 57,960,908 yen. The United
States paid to Japan in cash enough to
settle Japan's balance with Europe
and leave a remainder of nearly 10U.
000,000 yen. In 1894 alone the bal
ance of trade in favor of Japan as
against the United States amounted
to 32,340.998 yen. The Jiji Shimpo
says that Japan should buy her war
ships in the United States in order to
show her friendliness to this country
and because the United States Is the
leaders of the world in invention and
industrial skill and, therefore, Japan
is ilkely to get better warships here
than elsewhere.
Some Flee Goats.
It is reported that the sultan of
Turkey has sold to Cecil Rhodes of
South Africa, five hundred of the fa
mous Angora goats, which are raised
on the plains of Asia Minor, for 16000.
The report seems hardly credible, for
the Turks have always guarded this
special breed of goats with the most
jealous care, and their exportation is
prohibited under the severest penal
ties. Several times it is said, the
United States department of agricul
ture has attempted to secure speci
mens of the breed for introduction
into the United States. even offering
fabulous prices for them, but all in
vain. Thcse goats furnish the hair
from which is woven the high plriced
Persian bshawls and rugs.
Old lorses.
*Nesd," the war horse that was in
the great parade in Louisville recent
ly, has a rival it .*Morgan," reputed
to be 40 years of age, and owned by
James W. Smith of Versailles. Ky.
**Morgan" was riddea to Versailles by
Gen. John Morgan on his famous raid
of 1862, being left for a better horse
of John Cotton's which was appropri
ated. **Morgan" served for years as
Mr. Smith's carriage horse, and is
now spending his time on a bluegrass
pasturc.
New a Big she."
Prince Shuja-ul-Mulk, a now nch
tar of Chitral. who was installed by
Surgeon Mayor bir. S. . obertson.
is to receive 10)1)0 rupees a month as
a subsily from the Indian govern
ment. and 8Ju, rupees a month as
compensation for the separation of
Khushwatkis from ('bitral. lie is to
b assisted by ministers appointed by
the Indian iov,rnmeot, who have a
political ohicer permoanently stationed
at Chltral. lie is to allow no slasery.
and ..murderous outrages are also
lutely forbidden."