Sour
Stomach, sometimes called waterbrash,
and burning pain, distress, nausca,
dyspepdia, are cured by Hood's Sarsa
parilla. This it accomplishes because
with its wonderful power as a blood
purifier, Jlood's Sarsaparilla gently
tones and strengthens the stomach and
digestive organs, invigorates the liver, i
creates an appetite, gives refreshing
sleep, and raises the health tone. In
camss of dyspepsia and indigestion it
seems to have "a magic touch."
"For over 12 years I suffered from sour
Stomach
with severe.pains across my shoulders,
and greeat distress. I had violent nausea
which would leave me very weak and
faint, dlfcult to get my breath. These
spells came oftener and more severs. I
did not receive any lasting benefit Irosn
physicians, but found such happy effects
from a trial tf Hood's Barsaparilla, that I
took several bottles and mean to always
keep it in the house. I am now able to
do all my own work, which for six years
I have been unable to do. My husband
and son have also been greatly bene
fited by hood's Sarsaparilla- for pains in
the beck, and after the grip. I gladly
recommend this grand blood medicine." 14
Mas. P-rna Bunny, Leominster, Mass. i
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
Is the One True Blood Purifier. All druggists. SL
cous all Iver PIlls and
Hood's Pills SickHeadache. 25cents.
WE; HAVEi O, AGENTS.
- · r but owall diret to the con
semtr as wholesale prices.
ship asywhere for etamin
stet beteos isles. very
thing warranted. I0styles
1f Cw-ruteve, e styles of
se' s ass. Ca., m or
xebasge. Deaver, Colo
RO D00 a r ets as Ioeating Gold or Silver i
Ore.ist tr biddea tresulre. D. NOW
L. n. a o T. SoDthisaKm, coma.
WN U DALLAS. 18-961
When Aswerlagr Advertisements 1Men
tisea this Paper.
RPENCII,
FAp1oNs
with the lates d
French fashiom as well as the chil'rcn with an amusing toy. P
W a y s t o a i .~~~pe a
Fo t. Ths es a ioO t0 t rq
Fashions.
Iwrai fo* 7YrM Cs., Dbiw, N. C., and the
Fashion Dolhs lbeseueo psltpaid. You will findoaooopoa
Wride each s OIL bag, aor two eoupoer inside each 4 0& bag Of
BLACKWELL'S GENUINE
DURHAM TOBACCO.
r bya ia af'l Cehhee d Snoaing Tobacco` and read the a
cmrn, wa c glves a~tatboerp animsdbandowtogett. c
a eww mauv e eamu. I
L_____OR I
tb*.
wmci i
.1· -ic I~
Xmbs ifa fly
rt tlt' ý: e ý 1rr
4tiaAa.as~ r t
As. nwas ,
Aam'
the
.4'., .. he. ar gal
..I~· -l (Zmp I~s.P
211 1 +~;Y~Uiiy er s
·*I~.4P~,~ir u a
After the Corn Doctors.
i; pfil is before the Massachusetts
leglatuture which provides for a state
commission for the regulation of chi
IopudltsE, and the sentiment in favor
of it is so strong that it bids fair to be
come a law. A number of prominent
chirolpolists advocate the measure.
A state commission, they believe,
Swould protect the legitimate members
of the profession and punish the pre
tenders. The business in Boston has
become an important industry, for it
!was stated at a hearing that seventy
five persons are engaged in it legiti
mately, and that 100,000 Bostonians
have corns which require treatment in
the course of a year. This is apainful
t ion. Heretofore it has always been
supposed that Boston was all brains.
and it is a shock to find it has feet like
Chicago.
Open All Winter.
The Missouri river has not been
closed to navigation this winter, and
it is not considered at all likely now
that it will be. lThe river has only
been closed once in the past four
winters. Fifteen or twenty years ago
the river was invariably closed by ice
in December. and the records of be
tween twenty and forty years ago
show that it was never open during
one winter.
P. T. Barnum's widow, who went
abroad and married a Greek named
'Callias. is said to be returning home,
much disgusted with her foreign spouse.
Be sure you are right and then do
not hesitate.
Every man has reasons to be thank
ful that the fool-killer is dead.
FOR RELIEVINO THROAT DISEASES, Corous
AND HOARSENESS, use "Browna's Bronchial
Troches." Sold only in boxes. Avoid imitations.
Do not force your neighbor to blow
out the lamp of kindness.
SWaterroa
lathe
-Irs e e w
;SLWtER
I FISHndr' dI. Dawa mid ws
sdw h Zw du _ uh
NOT NICE BEING A GIANT.
Powell, the Eight-Foot Texn, l at:s to
Leave tihe Show iiulne,+.
Col. A. A. Powell, the Te',:; -.. t.
who headed the proce~ion :n t" !
Fellows' celebration in Ea;::: lT I
last spring, is tired of the . v !,;:. i':
and has come to St. Louis Io , : ,
jcb as floorwalker in so:inre st' , .-:.
the Globe Democrat. I
"I've been in the show busiiness tn i
years now and have got enough of it."
he said. "It's a tough life--ailway onil
the go. very little sleep. no regularity
in meals or anything else. And a fel
low can't make much mon'.' at it.
either. Here I'm the tallest man in the
country or in the world that I know of
since the Chinese giant died. and I can't
make a decent living at the show busi
ness. Sometimes I get $50 or $75 a
week, but then I have to pay my ex
penses, and hotel bills and railway fare
eat up all the profits. I'd rather get
$25 and have no such expenses. When
I go with a circus for a whole season I
get $30 or $35 a week and expenses, but
the life is too hard for me."
Col. Powell expects to settle down in
St. Louis and grow up with the city.
He is comparatively young yet, only 34. t
He was never in the army, he says, or
even a Texas ranger, but won his title
in the show business. When a boy he
lived on a farm in Johnson county,
which adjoins Dallas county, Texas.
The principal thing he did on the ranch
was to "punch cattle" until his legs got
so long that they dragged on the ground
when astride a pony. At 18 he stood
7 feet 7 1-2 inches in his stocking feet
and is no taller now, he says, although
when in the show business his height
is advertised at 8 feet. The Chinese
giant, who died some time ago, was 7
feet 8 inches. Col. Powell has no broth
elrs and but one sister, who is of moder
ate height only. Nor was there any
'thing extraordinary in the height of
either of his parents or any of his ances
tors so far as his knowledge or informa
tion goes. He is a Royal Arch mason,
Odd Fellow and a Knight of Pythias.
SWALLOWED THE STOVEPIPE.
Remarkable Feat Performed by a Fool
hardy Paris Apprentice.
The series of bravado bets which
have been so frequent in Paris for
some months past reached a climax
when a shop assistant named Alexan
der laid a wager of 500 francs that he
would swallow a yard of galvanized
iron stove-piping, says Le Figaro. The
bet was accepted and the referee ap
pointed. Alexander and one of the wit
nosses went to buy the piping, which
was about one-sixteenth of an inch
in thickness and fire inches in dia
meter. Alexander took it to a white
smith, and requested him to file it down
into a powder in the presence of the
witness, who subsequently carried it
to a cafe in the Rue de la Chapelle,
where the operation of swallowing the
filings was carried out. Quite 100 per
sons attended an spectators. Alexan
der divided the filings Into Ave portions,
placed them in five glasses of beer, and
tossed them off at intervals of ten
minutes. He played cards during the
process of drinking and when the last
glass of beer and its -ietallic addition
had been consumed, the bet was de
clared won, and the 500 francs handed
er, 16 him, He sta5t1 afterward that
he felt no inoonvenience from the feat.
Polled Water and Impurities.
It Is generally believed that the most
impure water can be rendered pure by
boiling and that in this we have an
absolute safeguard against the dangers
of water containing disease germs.
Now, while it is true that boiling will
kill the germs of diseases, yet the fact
has been brought to our notice by so
high an authority as Dr. Charles M.
Cresson, that, while boiling hills the
germb of a particular disease, it yet,
in reality, renders the water more Im
pure than it was before, because, by
the very death of these germs, dead or
ganic matter is allowed to remain in the
water, which it pollutes by putrefac
tion. Hence, while boiling is a most ex
cellent precaution against the occur
rence of typhold fever or similar dis
eases, when ~we occasion to think
the germs $igeases exist in
the water t we must re
-member th l ing does not
purity the w sa _ply removes the
specific power duce a specific dis
ese.-Phil ' can.
IOUEN , INa
wome ' Ure 0on
gy woken J teqld .
h, e irl 'qS'9gf the
N is moot Ies, VI torla's
S t corr. po aet.,
t s bpkeeutl the chair
versity, *1h she Ii a
In Enrglan er laa woman sue
lasiees, which she adopted when sLhe
-plas FuumewrLar ft lgs r ,
Is.' s,: -has been heasl to beWume
paste, of the Un~lrssist chtch of
Zanesville, O. She is 22 years old, cul
tuared and eloquemt
rs. Phitneas M. Batber Philadel
ptas wt1iet to eret and eqiDp at acet
i hbttu 4Oeai a seblnaay for girls at
ii~estaAls., and gire it to the Pra
-apstasr bd S mins toins for -
y a greet nmmber at womap
MWhilitl .crter bas been tsehe
bee ,mahmag.ts 1nana we-em of the
Misae-ta seservatlesm The womes
m se seed to be wih to tarm this work.
heY aare ahew shIm hashet veiyw
41eeneM e Iaturle tIthtanetl
What a foolish love letter the other
i man writes' :
Quenn Victoria has sixty-seven living
decendants. Some of them do not earn I
a living.
The Unkln dest Cut of All.
.As Shakspeare says, is to poke fun or sneer at
people who are nervous, under the half-be;lef
that their complaint is imaginary or an aflec
tion. It is neither, but a serious reality. lim
perfect digestion and assimilation of the food
is a very consnon cause of nervousness, es
peclally that distressing form of It which man
ifests itself in want of sleep. Ilostettcr's
Stomach Bitters speedily remedies nervousness..
as it also does malarial. kidney, bilious and
rheumatic ailments. The weak gain vigor P
spcedily through its use. 1
Energy, in the spring of the year,
needs cultivating sometimes.
Every mother should always have at hand
a bottle of Parker's Ginger Tonic. Nothing else so
good for pain, weakness, colds and sleeplessnuss.
There is some mistake in represent
ing T'l'ime as a man: Time will tell.
Now is the time to cure your Corse
with Uindercorus. Ittakes themout pefectly,gives
comfort to the feet. Ask your druggist for It. le. s
Mean men are very disagreeable,
but we can learn much from them.
A Fancy Hlog.
A pig has been disoovered in Georgia
that has live legs, six feet and three
ears. People who are font} of head
cheese and pigs' feet will take to this
sort of hog.
If you love any one well enough to
die for him, first get your life insured
in his favor.
No man should b) tried for insanity
till his courting days are over.
$100 Reward. 100.
The readers of this paper will be
pleased to learn that there Is at least
one dreaded disease that science has
been able to cure in all its stages, and
that is Catarrh. Hall's Catarrh Cure is
the only positive cure now known to
the medical fraternity. Catarrh being
a constitutional disease requires a con
stitutional treat.ment. Hall's Catarrh
Cure is taken Internally, acting directly
upon the blood and mucous surfaces of
the system, thereby destroying the
foundation of the disease and giving the
patient strength by building up the con
stitution and assisting nature In doing
its work. The proprietors have so much
faith In Its curative powers that they
offer One Hundred Dollars for any case
that it fails to cure. Send for list of
testimonials. Adiress
F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.
Sold by druggists: T5c.
Hall's Family Pills, 25c.
There is nothing in which people asre
so inconsistent as in their econcmie,
I shall recommend Piso's Cure forConsump
tion far and wide.- Mrs. Mulligan, Plumstead,
Kent, England. Nov. S. lS39.
Mo-t people thresh over the same
straw too much.
HOW ARE YOUR FENCES?
A Very Impertant Question with Farm
ers sue Others Just Now.
Probably there is nothing that inter
ests the land owner more at this time
of the year than fencing. They are de
sirous of securing the very best article
they can for the purpose they desire to
use it for and at the cheapest price
going. While this is good business,
price should not take the place of
quality. In building a smooth wire
fence you do not build it for temporary
use but expect it to last you for years
and to get this kind of an article it
requires a certain amount of good ma
terial to make it.
The De Kalb Fence Co., of De Kalb,
Ill., has the largest and most com
plete line of smooth wire fencing of any
plant in the country. We desire par
ticularly to call your attention to their
goods ar4 write them for a catalogue
which they will mail you free.
No lineof goods has grown sorapidly
in demand or given such general satis
faction as the fencing manufactured by
this company. Their steel web picket
fence for lawfl and yard purposes, their
cabled field a*d hog fence for farm use,
their cabled poultry, garden and rabbit
fence for its us, are all they claim for
them.
You will hardly do yourself jastice if
you do not thoroughly investigate their
lines before plac·ing your order.
Gladness Comes
U ith a better nmdertandisg of the
- transient natare of the many phys
u al ills, whioh vanish before proper ef
forts-gentle efortA-pleasant eforts
rightly directed. There is comfort in
the knowledge, that so many forms of
Ssiekness are mnot due to say actual dis
ease, but simply to a constipatedcondi
tion of the system, which the pleasant
family laxative, Syrapot Figs, prompt
lyremsoves. That is wlly it is the only
remedy with millionsof families, and si
I everywhere esteemed so highly by all
who value Rood health. Its beneficial
effects are u to the fact, that Itis the
one remedy which promotes internal
cleanllnes without debilitating the
organs a which it acts. It is therefore
all impcrtgnt, in order to get its bene
flelal efeth, to note when you par
bases that you have the 1senuine arti
dle, which is manufactured by the Call
fotnah PitBysup CO.a onlyasi mid b
Sll reputsble druggists.
If In the enjoyment ob good heelth,
mmad th-esm Leglar., isaative or
Sother remedes are then not aeeded. If
adieted with an actufl de&uae, one
ma be enmn~ the mon, tskillful
Phsid but it in need of a laative,
I oueshoald have the best, and with the
se~aU-4 ied evrywheerer Smp of
LIDS.
One way to Increase your income is I
t, reduce your expenses.
Iow long should a man smile while When you buy
;ing bored before he shoots' Sarsaparilla
If the Baby I. Cutting Teeth,
Fre ur.. .anl use that old and well trel t ,re'nlv MIau
WI5LOWn." bauoTi!i Sttr fuort Cbl..n ree.thing. Ask for the best and you'll
A woman expects the Lord's love to
co for a man what her love failed to do. Get Ayer's.
_FITS -.t 1]lt stopped fireer nr. K Ilne'r Oa t
"aro.lo.cure.. Treao ... ti,, l.5 ,il r." Ask for Ayer's and you'll get
kitcases. etud toDr.Klne,93 1Arch lt..PLtd.. .
No man ever thought a woman was The Best
an angel, though many of them have !
l'ed about it.
KN black, or blue, is BRUISE
to the
so is BROWN'S IRON BITTERS to other medicines.
GUARANTEE
Purchase Money reflnded should Browns's Iron Bitters taken as directedfail to benefit soy
person suflitring with lvasp'aia. Malaria, Chills and Fever. Kidney and Liver Troulloe. IBlllbe.
bes., Female Intirmities. Illure Blood, Weakne.e, Nervous Troubles. Chronic leladache o
Neuralgia. M,,re than 4,000,000 bottleldes -and only $2.00 asked for and refunded.
( L. ] BRoWN CHEMICAL CO., BALTIMORE. ID.
The coming Artist who knows enough
to paint a popular subject.
PLUG
You get 5%H oz. of "Battle Ax"
for 10 cents. You only get 3 soz.
of other brands of no better quality
for 10 cents. In other words, if you
buy "Battle Ax" you get 2 oz.
more of high gal tobacco for the
same money.s *a you afforn to
resist this fact? We say NO
unless you have "MNoney to Burn."
..4th PRIZE CONTEST..
st Mrz,. Klabll Fl, "s1 3." .........$. 600 99
2 Prlze. *Cpe, - f . - ur KU ............ 5
3 Prize. Cask.................. . ..... 50
10 Castd Prizes, mac $ ..................... 250 00
10 Cast. Prizes, east O1. ...... . ...... 100 00
 Cas Prizes, ,acS .......2....$........ 12000
, 83Prlos......................$.. * --' 11... 95,1950 p
e aonv pr..ts wrll be ,trc to the eo r .. woo erstuw -lt I~e loeget
eteoeeo IrU good EngliLh oan o letter ot of therlpbt mve t.,an tre.
Sthes. It o not aeoesnaei to eemerj letter of ltlalpbet. TL t ulit otorime.wain
mc n lre.r order to usee or eoumpettmor thoes enteee arne sno ·o ece*p. -
$ ve r* can iieotttor wimoe rentonce. reches twenctyto m etter onit of rcnlee a per.
gewsod vole mme cont:aning twtelve of c uionse Coll.nst nobels shne.r The wieprpea
e et0. ¶alJacontest clos Ar il nI, iS. y bheprge winner, wtlt be o hs semneed on
sest Inter "ad the winning sntences puhllshed. In ca two or mol,r ofze-wl ~
nine sentenceus are of the samne length preferenc wbe dgven to thel te.
SEee uollIetitor LImust construct bLis own Rentenceand no pedrsnwill be o lloow, o
ato elitcr huim contest more then oncet. lentec canotbe clrrath oretd .or snielned
after tblch ae received. T elWosnt ofr Omaha ae sot psermited e- cuwo pee.o
rrctly mor Indcirectly.
HULKS FOR THE SEUTENOE-(No Other Furntshed.) A
The length of :r sellnteOO li to be measured by tis e number of letters It contains
b ut. no letter 'n- h used or coWnted more th e trIae . n o wrt e.xc'.r'
or 'r" catt be itusol niore tlanM once. Tbe sentence must consist of co.nsDlete wor•ds.
F81Js, lluab.revI:tions or oontrnctlon C., must not be usel. T'ho pronouas
be 8s0LD. .wh conteqstsUt oust llGtate by figue at time enj hIs seneucnce bow
mavny etters it eontatns.
Ithis renmsrkbbly lillerl oeffrs madea by theW WMEuT WOaw-t' aItn.D of whbI
the dlstlnglts)med ex-congrOsenala.
WILLIAM J. BRYAN, to Edftor, C
,nd It ! reqlred that each competing sentepeo be eu.cled wIth one dml*Ile ta *
rem's rnbucrlptlol. Th"e WzVllrxz WOawtluBnLD. Is 1srUed in smzl-WeCr .u r c
• lon. ~ad hence Ii nearly a sl goo asa daily. It i the lestern ,sa=mplon ot iros P
dlier' or u-i'ne and time loadlagtfamly7 newupaper of Nerbskra .
TUI, conteat closed ebr i , Lie,
,tutotoeerAcaslh przneitnemr oe testwa ssu_.M .y . ba.oWeseb.
• Vinncr of m cah priz.a l rs?~3Iore.nOnn.e Th.ornton,. Wdbftgeo.D.
ms lPa fs. Sms
P atents. Trade-Marksj DR. K. II. 3MjIlTOMt tlle
I L Hb lee Issusr sItes aG Tual#lig DeieTa