L UISIANA POPULIST.
I'RIDAT, 'IIAY L2. 1aR9.
Chuarcl ervIce.
Servie,'w at the OM, tholi-t ,.cihuich .c
rv First and Third Sunda:i: at 11 a. m.,
:ait|" , u . p i., |"v ti- H tr. II. W
Rick.v. 'ravr mctingu v.ry WVedr '
tdty night at 7.:30 p. I
l i 'I<T--.%. ':. WV,.: \, . p:r,1 ,:a r. IN -
ila:tr r ,r\Ty ra,. reo nld aind fo'u rth Sulnd:ls.
11 , tn.. ,anl 5. pI. In ; suili: V ly Stllbu . 1()
:. li.: I 'r:i,.4r l. hting. \ ,'tneulsd:ti . S p.
I A lli i ittI.
Sl'ho "nix L,,1 ' N,, a,. A. '. & A. M.
.t . \VW. : .t. E:. hlillt. St"a IV.
Slt(l h fi'. rs.t iil t lhird \V\' .it diii laVa , il' 7
I". ml,
i , l, I ll ,11 N .7!. hi, ightsi of Pythias
-,I. E. ti, .da, (. (' ; Adolph L.'lherii.nin,
i . of I.. S. ý.t!crt s, conl :e nll fourth
'I iur-d-v, ., at R p. In.
An Accident.
(Quite a serious accident occur
r(41 on TutesdaIiy ornilig last at
the corner of 3d and St. D)cnis
streets. An old gentleman, MIr.
Samuel Parson, over Sº years of
age, slipped and fell. causinir as
we learn, serious internal injuries.
lie was pickedl up by persons pass
ing who assisitd Ihint homnie.
The crossing referred t1o is very
ul and haiis long Ileen a cause of
complaint on account of its steel
incline, which in bad weather is al
most impassable. The hill should
bI graded, and we trust that our
City Fathers will ste, that it is
done.
Dress Goods! Dres GoodsI
A fine line of white and coloredl
Swiss, Dimities, Nunsvelling, In
dia Linens, Scotch Lawns and ('re
pones, can be found at Simon lBros.
Club Nleeting.
Accompanied by Mr. S. Tanner
of this city, we took in the Popu
list club meeting at C'haler last
Saturday evening., and enjoyed it
very much. There was a good
crowd present, and the boys give
every evidence of that persever
ance and energy which will win.
Besides those whom we meet regu
larly at the club, we met tur old
time friend, Dr. Albert Bernstein,
who though a Democrat,- had come
out to bear the friendly discussion.
The club meets next Saturday at
3 o'clock p. m. at Bayou Natchez,
and will transact business of ilm
portance to members of the ward.
Shees! ho!es!
For a nice pair of Men's, Ladies',
and Children shoes, go to Simon
Pros., where you can find all styles
at very close prices.
strawberries.^
Dr. E. J. Harrison brought to
our office Tuesday morning a doz
ea of the finest strawberries we
hare ever seen. They were grown
by his brother Mr. J. P. Harrison,
who lives in ward 4 of this parish.
2 doeon filled a pint jar, and
.esral of them would measure 4
ies around. Mr. Harrison is
3w gathering the 3rd crop from
ts iYnes this Spring.
ClekuDyl i CleeItU !
Geitleme, if you want to buy
a aice spring suit call at Simon
Brso., whsreyou can finad a nice
ihe at very cloe6 prices.
Tax GosD-Boo Mrcuou is in
simatly killed by sending a 2-cent
stamp to the American Bimetallic
Id.ag Wa"hinto D.C ad
N@IYICB.
Amq em kmowing of a white or
p-l by of good eharrater nad
hem 11 to 14 years of age, ean se
a a gdes sad permmesat home
dIbho by applyag immeditely
bt s1 Y ot thi paper, orto
lash Bofb 1Wd, Natbitochbs, Ia
11wr 1944
a-d rivera
) ____________________________
La. State Normal Sc!lool.
Tenth Annual Commlencement
Programme :
Suntl l, liay 2lith, 11 a. mi.
C( llienemelln'tllnr Sermon at Trl Iity
'lie li eq 'ill'churct " e\. Dr. lBetverly V:r
litl, Iof New\ (Orleans.
MIoda). Mal: 27th. 9 P. M.
,.Reception to tlhe Clasi of "!#5 by the
C tulll s Ci ill.
'Tuesday. May 2sth. 11 A. M.
A enutal Meetilng of the Board of Al
ililisrators. iAnnua:l l."lieiloni of the
Alumnl i. I p. itI., Celtlcratilon of the S.
1. K. enm l elet it litLe rary Sotietit.
I' e.ident-1Miss .Mal' de- ifates. S. A. K..
Ilaton Iuige.
Co nttest in Decla:ilatioll.
Mist Tillon Aindrew., S. A. K.. O ele.hiis: .
Mr..I. Leroy .lohisuolE. E. I.. Sugarieetow\u
Mr. Rlobcert Phlliips., . A. K.. Natt'toce:ltl...
Miss Rosa t'olvie, E. I.. S., Rull to:i.
ie ate-ih.esolved. 'Thll:t the In1 itel
State-s ieveriiuehil'It ii should own and olp
erate all r:ailroad, telegraph anlt tele
phnll e liines.
Allirniatite-Mr. henry E. Walker, 8.
A. K., tl:aunville; Mi-s Louise GIilberit, S.
A. K.. WiiLner.
t Negative-Mis-.Jiss Eeella Kearuec. I. L.
S.. Natc·hitohelie : 'Mr. I eroltt Butler, E.
I.. S., Metlville.
W\'l.e..eday. May 29'th,- P'. M.
F Graduatinig Exercises.
Es,,-The l'l Public School and the ('it
ir.n-- r..laiines Yearger. Pineville.
Es.say-'llie Ronianie of the hlistory of
I Louishiana-Miss Jcninie Gillbert, Wa'i.er.
Conmnlltleniceinetl Address and Awarding l
Lliplloa:s-- Ili I lxcelleniey, Governi l i
.lirphy J. Foster.
.All fii,,iils of l dIn. atihni ill I.oui.iiani:e
are cordially illnvited tIl be plresent.
The ConmiiueenliCliet Exercises w ill
take Illace in the Comuns Club Music Hall.
Children under 15 years of age will not
Ie adllitted.
GRIADUIATES. MAY 29. 1895.
Miss Madela Bates. Baton Rouge. La.
Miss Fredonlia landoiin. Hanville. La.
Mis E~arline M. Carver. Napoleounville,
Miss Ro.sa C('l\in. Ruston. La.
Misse .in A. Deloiuele. ('loutierville. La.
I Mi Ida L. Dreehr. Baton Rouge. La.
Miss Isa:lell' llnbroeta. Port Allen. La.
fMiss Minnie I. Faulk. Mer Rouge, LIa.
- Miss Jennie 11. Ford. ('heneyville. La.
Mi-s .IJnny Gillbert. \WiNner, La.
Miss Louisi. Gilbert. Wisner. La.
I Mliss Sallie L. Ilawsey. Clinton. La.
Miss Emma C. Kearney, Natchitoche-,
La.
Miss Georgie P. Macmurdo, Baton
Rouge. La.
t Mr. Robert Phillips, Natchitoches, La.
Mr. Robert H. Plaisance, Convent. La.
Miss Margaret E. Watson, Plaquemine,
La.
Miss Octavia E. Wynn, Pineville, La.
Mr. James N. Yearger, Pineville, La.
GRADUATES, FEBRUARY 1, 18095.
Miss Clara H. Belk, Delta, La.
Mr. Robert H. Butler. Melville, La.
Miss Esther M. Cary. Donaldsonville,
La
Miss Lola J. Collins, Ilemphill, La.
Miss Carrie Connell. Knox Point, La.
Miss Cleora F. Gibson, Dickard, La.
Miss Rosie Harrison, Natchitoches, La.
Miss Henrietta Lewis. NewOrleans, La.
Miss Gussie Long, Armistead. La.
Miss Hugh D. McLaurin, Mer Rouge,
La.
Miss Maude A. Myers, Oak Ridge, La.
Mr. John L. Rusca, Natchitoches, La.
Miss Fannie B. Sisson, Mer Rouge. La.
Miss Jo.ie C. Thorn, Melville, La.
Miss Lena Woodard, Dubberly, La.
Neck wearI Neckwear I
For a nice and nobby Scarf,
Bow, or Four in hand tie, go to
Simon Bros.
ChLurch ervlce.
We had the pleasure of attend
ing the regular service of Pastor
M. E. Weaver at the Cane river
Baptist church, near Barkley P. O.,
about 8 miles from town. The
citizens of that progressive com
monity have lately completed a
large, elegant and comfortable
church housee, and furnished it with
all modern conveniences and style,
and they have every reason to feel
proud of this testimonial to their
Senterprise and devotion to a cause
so worthy.
The house, though capable of
emily seating 350 persons was
well nigh filled, and in the audi
t ence were some from Red river
a near St. Maurice, from Cne river,
I 2 mles below, and from Natchi
toches, 8 miles above
After a splendid sernmn and the
reception into the church, by letter.
of Mrs. Suren Holloway, the con
Sgrcsgation repaired to the baLnk of
the river nmar by to witnes the
Sbaptism of Mis Su tton, when the
services were ended.
. We ha the pleaure of taking
,dianer with Mr. B. E. Lee, who
lives very mar the aureb-in fact
towhobm the lan d on whiehit as
built belonged biore he duasd at
to the churdh.
1 Whit the only harm we wish
swa-tempred woren might cap
turn him sad his wellrdred
houm, and turn itinto a veritable
Heaven cm earth, we ast my that
comfort and taste ws every where
lea at lesa, when b wrote:
",eiei t!ll, what a quam lebla
,nml-i, i' rl="
e l m. m m sl a aN tld.ea e .
DDR.H ATHAWAY & CO.
'Ae BRL ABLB SPECIALISTS Regular Oraduat· r in KLedidne. Authonrzed by thIe State.
ý, Nael ad k foks Finu al F Relaeencs, thousands of Cured Patients all over the United Stae
o to sir oeltgblldty. . All buslal es conductd on a strictly professloaal basis and strictly
.a . C ultad Free ti oflfce or by mail. Treatment sent everywhere free ree
OWgvaleUe. No kle e with busIaess while using medicines. ,
Seminal Weakness and Sexual Debility
( rmn!orrhea and ImFpotency) caused hy youthful follies end excesses,
producing nervousncss, losses, p!'-aples and blotches on the face, rushes
bf blood to the bead. pains in the l.:oc confused Ideas and forgetful
ness. bashfulness, .aereon to ruciely. loss of sexual power. iossof man.
hood, etc.. cured for Life. We can stop night Iosees. restore lost sex:ual
power, restore nerve and brain power,e nlarge and strengthen weak
parts and make you At for tnarruage. ,
(.hilis at terrible ......e, in a! Its forms and staes cured
S * ,for life. Blood P'oi.oning, Skit Diseases. Ulcere.Swel.
lings. Sores. Gonorrhoes&Gleet.anad n'l forms of Private Di seUaes cured.
Stricturte peratastly cured without caustic or cutting. No palo,
no expos3,r Patlent can use the treatmem t at bome.
Ladies w* e cae those delicate disases peculiar to your sex, at
d your own home without Instruments. Many cured after
other doctoes bave faled Can give you CCroofs.
Rheumat sm he Great FrenchRheumnatic Cure.' A SURE CURS. The greatest dslcov
try Ln the annals of medicine. One dose gives relief: a few doses remove
fever and paiin n Joints-a care I bound to take place. Send statement of case.
k for both sexes, 64 pages, with full description of above diseases, the effects and eun
 ealed in plain wrapper free. Read this little book and send for Symptom Blank. No. I
foe en ; No. 2 for Women: No. 3 for Skin Diseases; No. 4 for Catarrb.
Take me chases ghI aim te best by coauhr iag the Laing Specltalg a hle slaed Stss.
DR. HATHAWAY & CO. sF.,,
t as " -eoe Temple Wi d., NEW ORLEANS, LA.
i -- - -- ----- ------
Patronize Home Manufacture.
--0
CLANTON DAVIS, ROBELINE, LA.,
REPRESENTS-
The Gullett Gin Co.
MANUFA(CTU ERS of Gullett's Magnolia, Huller and Single
Drive Cotton Gins, Feeders and Condensers, Elevators, Seed Convey
ors ; self packing and double box Press.
Prices quoted on application on complete Gineries. Also, on all
kind of Machinery fittings and supplies.
Correspondence solicited.
Address. CLANTON D)AVIS, Robeline, 1ai.
April 5.--ly.
We spent a most pleasant after
noon in conversation with our in
telligent host, and was ahnost sor
ry to see our friend 'Mr. Tanner.
who had spent the day with his old
friend, 1)r. Keator, drive up and
invite us to join him in a trip to
this city, but we reached town by
nightfall.
Ladies, do you want to buy a
nice and stylish dress ? If so go
to Simon Bros., where you can
find all of the very latest novelties
in dress fabrics.
POPULISTS OF WARD 1
Will meet at the Courthouse in
Natchitoches, Saturday, June 1st,
at 3 o'clock p. n. Every member
who joined the Club at the Court
house last Fall, as well as all who
now desire to join, are requested
to be present. The campaign is
approaching and we desire to know
who our friends are.
E. J. GAMBLE,
S. DD.KEARNEY, Chairllan.
Secretary.
PERSONAL MELNTION.
Mr. E. 8. Pharis of Barkley. was in
town Tuesday.
Mr. M. F. Brown was on our streets
Wednesday.
Mr. E. J. Gamble imade a flying trip to
St. Maurice Monday. but he didn't trav
el the public road, as he couldn't have
"dlown" over that mudhole men ioned
last week.
Mr. J. O. Tanner of Ward 5, who came
home last week to see his family, return
ed to his place Wednesday. His wife,
who has been very ill for a month, is
now convalescent, and as soon as she
is able, M.. 'i'anner expects to move his
family back to his plantation in ward 5.
Mr. J. C. Keyser took his son Hamlin,
who has been so low for two weeks, to
New Orleans last Monday evening for
treatment. We hope he may soon return
in his wor ted health.
.We are sorry to note the death of Mrs.
A. A. Thompson, which sad event oc
earred last Tuesday evening at her home
on Cane river, about 3 miles above town.
Will. H. Tanuard. editor Shreveport
Times, accompanied by his sister-n-la w,
Miss H. Georgie Barlow, were in town
Sunday last, the guneest of Mr. J uo. A.
Barlow.
Mit. J. C. Henry called on us Wedaes
day, looking as pleasant ae ever.
At Simon Bros. you can buy Dra
Trichenor's Antiseptic at 30) cents
per bottle, and Cuticura Soap at
16 cts. per cake.
spert Wathmaer.
Served 7 years apprenticeship at
the trade in Liverpool, England,
sud has followed it for 30 years in
Earope and America. Makes a
pecialty dt repairing fine and dif
ficult watches, French time-pieces,
jewelry, music boxes, etc.
J, C. UJLARKE,
St. Denis Street.
Natchitoehes, La.,-ml9-tf.
The Entertainment at the Comus
Club to-aight, promises to be a
lively treat for our people. Mrs.
N. H. Thompson, with a collection
of our best local talent, will reader
"To' y, the Ceonvit," and we are
expectirg a complete sacess. Ad
a eia 5 rod 50 at.
15+f .e%' -; _ ++--:,.r - . ... . .
GOVERNMENT OWNER
SHIP OF RAILROADS,
TO BE DISCUSSED BY PICK
ED NORMAL STUDENTS.
Wv'ill be an Interesting Feature
of the Commencement Ex.
cereisee.
With its usual good taste, the
Normal management has selected a
subject for its annual commence
ment debate that is interesting and
beneficial alike to the public, and
to its students; Public Owner
ship of Railways and Telegraphs.
The hi-weekly debate between
representatives of the two literary
societies is one of the helpful and
entertaining after-school exercises
of the Normal course during the
whole session; and at the com
mencement these two societies se
lect their best material and prepare
for a final contest in which all the
arts and powers of forensic battle
are brought into play, making these
fraternal but spirited displays of
opposing oratory rank well up
with the other excellent features
o the commencement exercises.
The popular interest in the sub
ject chosen, together with the per
sonnel of the debaters, give prom
ise of quite a treat to those so for
tunate as. to hear the debate at the
approaching season.
The subjects reads: "Resolved
that the government should own
and operate the railroads and tele
graphs." The affirmative side will
be supported by Mr. H. E. Walk
er of Winn parish, a member of
the Senior Class, and 17 years
of age ; associated with him
is Miss Louise Gilbert of Baton
Rouge, a member of the Gradua
ting Class, The negative side is
defended by Mr. R. B. Butler
of St. Landry parish, a grad
uate at the close of last half ses
sion, assisted hv MAiss Emma Kear
ney of Natcthipehes. a ineaubt r of
the Gradai Lng, I t.
The debate takes place at .he
Comus Club Hall, this city, on
Tuesday evening at 8 o'clock, and
should be heard by every one, as
both sides have taken great pains
to inform themselves, so as to be
instructive as well as practical.
IrmsLt In E y.
Afte, reading and discussing
Carlisle's Covington, Ky., speech
against silver, quite a number of
our citizens headed by Messrs.
Gamble, Roges, BreaauIsi (U.
P.) Raggio and others' met last
Wednesday evening, prepared a
straw man on whose arms appeared
the legend "1874 Silver, 1895
Gold," to represent Carlisle, who
was then hung and burnt in effigy
amid the shouts and cheers of
svrdl hundred p6op,.
Wiliams, Weaver& O'Quin,
- Sl CCESSOI:S TO
E. J. GAMBLE, Natchit othes, La.
-DIEALEI IN
Generaf Merchandise.
Having purchased the entire stock of E. J. Galllbhl,
together with the lease of the store occupied b3'
him we are prepared to offer to our friends and the
public generally, the choicest selection of
DRY (GOOI)S, GIRO)CEIETUIIS,
BOOTS, SHOES, IH ATS, NOTIONS,
ANI) PA NTATION S U PPLIES.
-oo
As we buy for cash we can offer goods at ridiculous
ly low prices. Give us a trial order, and you will
come again.
Williams, Weaver & O'Quin,
Gamble's old Stand, near the Bridge.
The State Normal School,
NATCIITOCI I S. LA.
The Annual session Opens on the -irst \Xon,
day in October. and continues cilkIht
months. The Second Term begins
on the First MXonday in February.
Age of Admission to Normal Department: 15 for Ladies and 10
for Gentlemen.
The Faculty of Fourteen able instructors gives full course of P'rols.
sional Training in the Science and Art of Teaching, ann
thorough instruction in all branches taught in tho
High Schools, including lirawing, Vocal Mu:
sic, llocution, Book-keeping, and
Latin or French.
Location Unsurpassed for Beauty and Healthfulness.
Diplom, t Entitles lholder to a FIRST!'
GRADE Teacher's Certificate wcithout
Exra rin tution.
Tuition tree in. Normal I)epart.rrcnt !
Board $10 per mouth at the Normal,lU12.50 in private fam,ilies.
FoR CATALOGUE ADDRESS -
TIIOS. D. BOYD, President.
A. E. LE3IEE. Jas. B. TUC('KE1
LEMEE & TUCKER,
A ...ANI NOTARIES PUBLIC,
Represetling the following Itaunch Companies:
Assets:
MECHANIC'S & TRADE'S Ins. Co. of N. 0., La,, $712,079,6(;
GERMANIA Insurance Co. of New Orleans, La., 298,519
SOUTTHER " " " 600,000
QUEEN Insurance Co. of Yew York, 3,747;551
(GRENWICi " " 2, ? 2,000
COMMERCIAL UNION Assuranec Co of Londeon 3,581,55si
LANCASHIRE Insurance Co. of Manchester, Eng. 2,287,77.9
WILWAUKEE Mechanuics Ins. Co. of Milwaukee, Wis., 2,064,679
PROVIDI)ENCE Wash., Ins. Co. ot Providence, It. I., 1,354,739
WESTERN Assurance Co. of Toronto, Canada, 1,4;42,001
REPRESENTING NEW YORK LIFE INSURANCE CO.
ASSETS $15,,4358,498,O0.
Also representing Caldwell & Judah, Investment Bankers, of
Memphis, Tenn. Money loaned on improved river lands, from 3 to
10 years, at reasonable rates of interest.
Real FAstate bought and sold, and rents colleeted on commi~sion(
A Notary Publhe always in office. Write or give us a call.
- Oflfce, SECONiD STREET
NATCHITOCHES. LA
Charlie's Famous
Tonsorial Parlors.
Opposite the Courthouse, next door to the Populist,
GR1[NCAUX'S
RUBY SALOON.
NATCHITOCHES. LA.
Fine WINES, IQUORS,
CIGARS, TOBACCO,
Jan. 95,
JOB WORK must be paid
for on 4aliveryv of the
waiksl
W. H. Jaea. Jan.: . Tucker. Angu Fk.ming
JACK TUCKER & FLEMING.
Attorneys at Law,
NATCHITOCHIES, LA
Will ptactice in all Federal and StaW
Courts. 'jd 4 '95 ly
Samuel J. lemu'l
Attorney at Law.
NATCHITOCJE'6, LA.
9PWil pOfctic i a.the 8.ateo a Fed.
sal Oourts.