Spring Cleaning
Is such a trial that men say, "Let the and enriched, at,' thus sustains the nerves
house take care of itself." But the con- and aU the bodily functions.
sclentious wife feels bound to risk health "I take Hood's Sarsaparilla every spring,
and strength in this annual struggle with and it is the only medicine I use through the
dust and dirt. The consequence of her year. It enables me to do my house cleaning
feverish anxiety over extra wolk is de- and farm work all through the summer. It
tJenon of the blood, -i.. source 01 helped me very muchl for palpitation of the
all life and strength, manifested in that heart. I think Ilooi's Sarsaparilla is the
weak, tired, nervous condition too preyv- nelicine for everyone and all who take it
alent at this season and very dangerous will never be without it. I have also used
if allowed to continue. What every nan hlool's Pills and they are the best I ever
and woman needs in the spring is Hood's tried." Muis. F. II. AoNDKEws, S. Wood
Saraaparilla. It keeps the blood vitalized stock, Ct. Get Hood's, because
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is the Only
True Blood Purifier
lo.os Eye-.
Every bee has two kinds of eyes:
the two large, compound ones, look
ing like hemispheres on either side,
and the bhree simple or single eyes,
which crown the head. Each com
pound eye (as one would naturally
suppose from the term which desig
nates it) is really an immense aggre
gation of eyes, each being composed
of 3500 facets, which means that
every object seen has its image re
flected 3500 times in the bee's tiny
brain. Every one of these facets is
the base of an inverted hexagonal
pyramid, whose apex is fitted snugly
to the head. Each of these pyramid
facets may be termed a perfect eye,
for each has its own iris and optic
nerve.
A Nars-ry Ta'e,
That nursery tale which has for
generations of their elders, known
as "Blue Beard," was written by a
French author. The original of the
character of Blue Beard was a mar
shal of France, who lived in Brittany,
and who was charged with mudering
several wives and over 100 children.
Being convicted of sorcery, he was
burned. A singular peculiarity of
his hair and beard was its inky gloss
iness, which in a certain light ap
peared of an indigo tinge, and won
him the appellation which has ren
dered him immortal.
Like to Dane..
Gallini, in his '*Travels in Africa,"
declares that the people of the west
coast are exceedingly fond of dancing.
He once tried to tire them out, but as
long as he could raise his hand to
his violin they continued to dance,
and he was forced to desist.
FOR ALL TiE ILLS TMHT PAIN G6A BRING .....
eiSTJfAGOBS OIL
...... A CURIt Km a Nuale watb ACheS b eytb
SAFE FOR FEMALE DISEASES, such as Falling of the
UARD Womb, Inflammation, Ulceration, Tumors, Whites, Irregu
larities, Ovarian, Bladder and Kidney troubles. Bate Guard
PASTILLES -- -" .e.er fra to effect a cure. Have been used a
AS I eoS k ua practice for the past I' years with uniform success
Sl. . m  aoa D.r. F.Abodroti'. Safe Guard Pastlle ntostock., write to s diroc
rL' 1I.5pr zo. orelebomsforUL For Ifartber informltion address DR. F. ABENDBOTH. 41
walghstom Aveme. eoras Lve Oak street DALLAS. TEXAS.
DALLAS. TEXA.. April .1355. Dr. F. Abeadroth. Dear Sir: I aeed your Pasilles for luflamuctlo
sad ulee lrate secesdlia to your dlreettous and trou the very fret I Improved oad am now well. If may
se deeMs oear elaims o a realar let them write me. Mrs. Jenle Coombs. NI N. Oak Grove t., Dallas
S etates pes I vely equipped. Three easily bems
.Se, t faealty msmoe! oy eNras; 535 sIdeata ooeI
r eremrfosarea stats.. Dradateas is pesitio
'..,,... ~ ~ ~ ~ sa ýs,.s at.=," - n,., sel"' "="s " l,.ain-'" " =
wish ,I. tanksi
hInmeiwt of t, S Nat
W' sad 90 to kwh.
1mIreS, at bs. pe Wlkes.
M FM W el rIu.lwk bb .
beb to wol aIm afe' eub.
u.eM em boe. Tbq wem be put
bUlre erbriwmeiSusm
5.e. The am. me
a, ebeps o ~em wýes T.
-. Semior lime O. 4W
* i.msabereubsuseulee.
L'Ci~T
as
.9-t
S"rrt + Yidai3~- _71~· ~ w
ube -'- b ebm.
sir .msimi
3- r U mm.m
at I
ft-rn.f
>.F
V t~:~;se....;~
~DIIE)L""' l~L w.. Tax."
ý["'ý; ,, my`,{ .R +,,
A G, o Schome.
Now Zealand has invented a unique
method for the prevention of intem
perance. It proposes to pass a law to
the effect that any person convicted
of beinc an habitual drunkard shall
be photographed at his own expense
and a copy supplied to every saloon
keeper in the district. The dealer
supplying liquor to such person shall
be ined.
The Deepest Place.
One of the deepest spots yet dis
covered in the Pacific Ocean is near
the Friendly Islands in latitude 24
deg. 37 min. south, longitude 175
deg, 8. min. west. The depth there
found was equal to about five English
miles, and is said to be something like
like 5,000 feet greater depth than had
yet been found in that vicinity.
Fmalt salary,
The salaries of the members of the
Maine legislature is $150 and mileage
at 10 cents a mile. The house, which
has been in session since the first
Wednesday in January, voted 73 to
37 not to double the compensation.
The ablest men in the state often
serve term after them, and the quality
of legislation is above the average.
Always Some Drawback.
The good old times were not with
out their drawbacks. At a perform
ance of one of Handel's orations in
London, more than a hundred years
ago, the tickets had a postscript which
read: "-Gentlemen are requested to
come without swords and ladies with
out hoop.."
Kindness is the golden chain by which
society is bound together.
W. L U
,3 31&EU:KIN:
5. CO*DOVANN
*3.poLIr,3S.U
* LADIES "
W. Lbuas $3 & $4 Shoes
DROPSY
1 «+.f rW 1N rield. r
Urr w l ~ eua d-Marks.
fu wn mpva. cuma.g
w. L, bor..b w . au uS-,e
AO orrr m S*I -- FI RMA.
muaeummi. 10=1 .f."ba': .
umoSs Tradswarrk.
Fgu~s -u MA--·- tS
seeM eNrt w; r . SJIrrrr ýu
enmrl~~iuuwan l4Q
O.8..mr Teams.alrs
PALA nT3 roltu3 ru~
LI11fJ C·~ LL*r-~1·
Who rarm Home.
A popular writer says c/ the farm
home, "How much it means, u hat pos
sibilities it suggests! Its pleasures are
many and do not fall with time. Every
spring is a new revelation, every sum
mer a fresh, original chapter of experi
ence, and every autumn a fruition of
lopes as well as of seeds and buds."
Its privileges are much to be sought
after-the quietude which is an im
portant factor in development; the free
Ilom from sights and sounds that are
listressing and evil.
The farm house is not a place of
humdrum, brainless routine. Science
offers her aid on every hand, and
beauty in numberless forms is ever
present. Nature is a good mother. She
does not coddle and overindulge her
children, but rewards their love abund
antly, invigorates them if they dwell
in her presence, and develops mind and
muscle, heart and soul, if they obey
her laws and seek to know her well:
although infinitely rich she has not the
short-sighted folly of those parents who
seek to place everything in the hand
of a child without cost. On the con
trary, she says, "See what you may
win, what you may attain." Every
crop is a prize to knowledge, skill and
industry. Every flower is a beautiful
mystery which may be solved in part;
every tree is stored sunshine for the
health, shelter from the storm, a thing
of beauty while it lives and of varied
use when its life is taken. In animals,
birds, insects and vegetation we are
surrounded by diversified life, and our
life grows richer and more beautiful
r and complete as we enter into their life
and comprehend it. The clouds above
us are not mere reservoirs of water for
prosaic use. In their light, shade, and
exquisite coloring they are even a re
proach to the blindness of coarse and
earthly minds.
"What joy to watch the bolts of fire
I Shoot out the crimson bow of morn;
5 And Night's dumb silence leave the lawn.
t To Morning's glad exultant choir."
From farm homes went Washington,
Daniel Webster, Lincoln, Garfield and
Frances Willard and hosts of other men
and women of like ability and integrity
to All other places of usefulness in the
world.
Naturedoes much for the farm homes,
but she expects the inmates of the home
to guide her and to call to their aid
other arts. Adornments should be ad
ded as the acres broaden and the same
is true of conveniences. Water should
be as plenty as the air we breathe and
procurable with almost as little exer
tion.
A writing desk with furnishings in
the sitting-room makes it easy to keep
good accounts, and to know the profit
and loss of the farm home and invites
communication with the outside world.
The tasks of the farm home are ardu
ous and multitudinous, requiring infi
nite faith, patience and knowledge.
"Aye, these are homesteads which have
witnessed deeds that battle fields with
all their bannered pomp have little to
compare with." "But the end crowns
the work."
The world owes the farm home its
respect, for it produces a large propor
tion of the foundations of all trade and
replenishes the ranks of the world, and
the world in turn should put its pro
ductions within the reach of the farm
home. Miss S. C. Thompson.
Cost of Keeping Hens.
There has always been considerable
diverrity of opinion concerning the
cost of keeping a hen a year, says an
exchange. We have considered 50
cents a fair estimate, but others have
put it from that up to $1. We have
been interested in a flock of Plymouth
Rocks in this place, the owner of which
buys all the food they get, paying re
tail prices for it in market. He was
inclined to think that our estimate
was a pretty low one, but as he keeps
a strict account with his flock, he be-I
gins to see that 50 cents a head for a
year is not far from correct. The only
things his hens get to eat that are not
charged for is the table scraps of a
small family, and these would be
thrown away if not given to the hens,
and are about the same in every home,
so they can not be counted, except that
they are made available, instead of
being absolutely wasted. It is entirely
within bounds to say that the feed
bought for this flock costs 20 per cent
more than the farmer who produces it
gets for it, and the farmer can feed his
grain to chickens and gt more for it
than he can to sell it in open market
If a flock of chickens can be kept in a
'city for 50 cents each, a year, they can
be kept for 40 cents on the farm, and as
on the farm they have an opportunity
to pick up a great deal of food that is
not to be found on a city lot, we be
lieve we are making a very fair esti
mate in putting the c6est of keeping a
hen in the country as low as 85 cents a
year. If eggs bring only 12 cents a
dozen-they are Q8 cents in Springfield
as we writethree dozen eggs in a
year pays the cost of keeping, and all
above that is profit. We are not deal
ing in guess work now, for the figures
on our friend's poultry account show
exactly what has been done, and he is
a liberal feeder, too.
Fr Soap for Plant Lice.-A practi
cal dortlelturist, who has tried many
remedies for removing insects from
house plants prefers above all appllca
tions a soap made from the oil of the
Mr tree. When properly used, he finds
that it effectively does away with the
"apes," mealy bug and scale. In Its
place an emulsion made of two parts
herosene and one part milk that has
Just turned sour, diluted with fronm
twenty to thirty parts of water, and
applied uas a showering bath through
a syringe, is a valuable insecticide,
tested at one of the agricultnural exper
imeat stations asnd found useful else
where.
Why ]ggs Don't Hatch.-Year after
year the- same experience in failing
to hatch most of the early eggs set
Why? gp not fertilised cannot I
hateh. Unnatural conditions prevail
in winter and early spring. The birds
get lIttle or no meat, shells, gravel and
some even lack exercise enough. Moot
of them shiver about daily' for hours
with feet wet and feathers more or less
so. Provide everything for the loek
kept v produceiag sittngs; do every
thing fof their comfort; don't forget i
them once and then look for better re
suits at hatehing time.-Ex.
"Hear how the trees in the orchard
meant" excalmed the romantle miss.
" gum yeou weould moaon too if you
the ulkhod msn bsy, And the al?'
Nat lonal it.iaoeial GOadea.
The botanical garden at Washing.
ton contains many trees started in
life by eminent men. Among them is
an overcup oak planted by J. C. Crit
tendon in 1861. Senators Hoar and
Evarts planted seeds in 1889 and
1890, from which sprung respectively
two Lebanon cedars; Actor Edwin
Forrest transplanted two rare cy
presses from Philadelphia in 1866; a
fine specimen of the Masonic cacia
was planted in 1882 by the late Gen.
Albert Pike, then chief of the Scot
tish order of Masons; Senators Mor
rill of Maine and Vermont were god
fathers to two fine cedars, while an
other was assisted into being by the
father of Gen. Blair of Missouri.
An Erport.
In showing how one sense is sharp
ened to supply the loss of another,
Dr. S. Millington Miller writes that
Alexander Hunter, of the land otfice
at Washinghton, though entirely
deaf, spelled without mistake 150
words read to him from the diction
ary. lie has become able to read the
motion of the lips of those addressing
him. This faculty is not rare among
the deaf, and by means of
it some of them, like Mitchell, the
chemist of the United States patent
office, have been able to understand
the lectures necessary for their grad
natien at collegs.
A New Irake.
An English inventor has devised
an automatic air-brake, in which the
weight of the train supplies the power
to set the brake.
The secret of education lies in respecting
the public.
Like a Machine,
Which kept In order runs smoothly and regu
larly, so toe bowels keep up their action if
measures are taken to keep them in good
working order. This infers, of course, that
they are out of order. The surest recourse
then is to Hostetter's Stomach Bitters, a ltaSa
Uve mild but effective, which is also a remedy
for dyspepsia, malaria, rheumatism, uervuun
anes mant kidney trouble.
There is no severer test of self-reliance
than a thread-hare suit.
Fos Dyspepsia, Indigestion and Stomach
disorders use Brown's Iron Bitters-the
Best lonic. It rebuilds the system, cleans
the Blood and strengthens the muscles. A
splendid medicine for weak and debilitated
persons.
He that a ill hope for true delight, with
virtue must t e gracel.
Deafness Can Not Be Cared
by local applications, as they can not reach
the diseased portion of the ear. There is
only one way to cure Deafness and that is
by constitutional remedies. Deafness is
caused by an inflamed condition of the
mucous lining of the Eustachian Tube.
When this tube gets inflamed you have a
rumbling sound or imperfect hearing, and
when it is entirely closed Deafness is the
result, and unless the inflammation can be
taken out and this tube restored to its nor
mal condition, hearing will be destroyed
forever; nine cases out of ten are caused
by catarrb, which is nothing but an in.
flamed condition of the mucous surfaces.
We will give One Hundred Dollars for
any case of Deness (eaused by catarrh)
that can not be care by Hall's Catarrh
Cure. Bend for circulars, free.
F. J. CHENEY a CO., Toledo, 0.
I ' old by Druggists, nte.
Hall's Famnily Pills, mo.
There are more reople governed by their
humor than by their reason.
MAl.ARta cured and eradicated from the
system by Brown's Iron Bitters, which
enrilhes the blood, tones the nerves, aids
digestion. Acts like a charm on persons
in general ill health, giving new emergy
and strength.
Sometimes even the man whogoes wrong
pays as he goes.
KNOWLEDGE
Bring. comfort and improvement sad
tends to personal enjoyment when
rightly used. The many, who live bet
ter than others and enjoy tife more, with
less expenditure, by more promptly
dapting the world's best products to
the needs of physieal being, will attest
the value to health of the pre liquid
lauative principles embraced in the
remedy, S p of Flg.
Its ecellene is due to its presenting -
in the form most acceptaMble and ple~s
ant to the taste, the refreshing androly
beneiadl propertiaes of a perkct lax
ative eb&tually cleansldng the rsystem,
dispelling oold headachea nd frerse
ana permtnn curing constipatio.
It has given tisfactiton to millions and
met with the approval of the medical
profession, because it sets on the Kid
eym, Liver and Bowels without weak
enig them and it is perfectly free from
every objectionable subetance.
Syrup of Figs is for sale by all drug
gists in e andS1 bottles, but it is man.
factured by the California Fig Syrup
Go. only, whose name is printed on every
package, also the name, Syrup of Figs,
and being well informed, you will not
accept any substitute it ofbred.
$300.00 SAVED-
ests- I --I a s laoaseeen eoo.0o
l-aI mei al a etat i eme ever
.5...,sam,
OYAL BAKING POWDER
is the purest and strongest
baking powder made. It has
received the highest award at the U. S.
Gov't official investigation, and at all
the Great International Expositions and
World's Fairs wherever exhibited in
competition with others.
It makes the finest, lightest, sweetest,
most wholesome bread, cake and pastry.
More economical than any other leaven
ing agent.
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., 10S WALL rM., NEW-YORK.
L X ! f
The E kmuht Lighthouse.
A new lighthouse will be built on
Penmarch Point off the coast of Brit
tany and will be known as the Eck
muhl lighthouse. It will contain an
electric light of 40,000,000 candle
power, casting a beam which can be
seen a distance, in clear weather, of
thirty-three miles, and in foggy
weather a distance of twenty-one
miles. The highest order of light
now in operation in the United States
lighthouse service can be seen only
twenty-one miles in clear weather.
Opium Eaters.
Twenty per cent of the inmates of
the state prison at Charlestown, Mass.,
are habitual opium eaters, and War
den Bridges says that it is next to
impossible to prevent the smuggling
of this drug into the prison.
Short Journeys on a Loeg Road
Is the characteristic title of a profusely il.
lustrated book containing over one hundred
pages of charmingly written descriptions of
summer resorts in the country north and
west of Chicago. The reading matter is
new, the illustrations are new,and the infor
mation therein will be new to almost every
one.
A copy of "Short Journeys on a Long
Road" will be sent free to anyone who will
enclose ten cents (to pay postage) to OGeo.
H. Heafford, General Passenger Agent, Chi
cago, Milwaukee & St. Paul Railway, Chi
cago, IlL _
You cannot step on a man's toes without
hurting his feelings.
Wetlee
Drs. H. H. Green & Sons of Atlanta.
Ga., are the greatest dropey specialists
In the world. Cure more patients than
the entire army of physicians scattered
over this beautiful land of ours. A val
uable discovery outside any medical
book or published opinion. A purely
vegetable preparation. Removes all
dropeical symptoms rapidly. Ten days'
treatment mailed to every sufferer. See
advertisement in other column.
Self-denial is indispensable to a strong
character.
"lassea's agoe wera alve.
Werreoed to cre or money etnLed. Ask e
beggst ter IS. Proie 5 esams.
Benevolence is allied to few vices; self
ishness to fewer virtues.
A
Broken
Back
Just as yours will be if
you continue using poor
soap.
CLIRETTE SOAP.
makes wash-day as easy as any other day. Lessens
the labor, makes the clothes white, and does nodam
age. Thousands of women say so-surely they are
not allmistaken. Sold everywhere. Made only by
The Ni. L FParbank Compray, St. Louis.
Very Latest Styles, BMAnTOn
S Ceot Pattrns for 10 Conts. When the Coupon elow Is Seat. Also One
Cent Adlsnal for Postag.
ss 6829. ase 6316.
Lana SaSQuU LmAD! a3uss WArlr. urnas roU WAIr. sCUr Troacre
* -----COU PON.----
m Lr eeaf lpstwIt feerne @a siaS our00 5 ent patternes is
O t qua {nr pste fo each patters. Give number of inches walst
Maedae Nr mt imaWebrf ie se Nut measure for watIs.
COUPON PATTERN COMPANY.
Lo0K box , - NEW YORK, . N.Y.
:*hu~ssssubhu~au ----u---ubh-ssuuhuhhphahs
The Peacock's Plumage.
The peacock's spreading train is
not the bird's tail, but a corona of
feather's above the tail. The true
tail consists of eighteen feathers be
neath the corona. The latter is pro.
vided with a curious set of muscloes.
by which it can be erected at will.
The truths a man carries abuut with hbu
are his tools.
A Valuable 01it.
A emplete medical work. with t10 favorite Pro.
etaitll for anll dse·ases of man and beast, price
T. s sa eo bottle of Dr. Thurmond a Catarrh
n W eed lo Syrup, set to any address for $1.t -
uThrmoed Chemscal Co ,al, as Tea
It is merely a matter of irogress and
poverty with the fast young man.
If the Baby is Cutting Tooeeth.
be sure and use that old and well-tried remedy, Ma
WmSaLOW's Sooalre SBac? for Children Teething
The man who knows a great deal knows
better than to try to tell it.
After six years' suffering, I was cured by
Piso's Cure.--MARr TfomsoN, 29X Ohi
Ave., Alleghenny, Pa., March 19, 'gt.
Educate the whole man-the head, the
heart, the body; the head to think, the
heart to feel, the body to art.
What an ordinary man eats
and the way he eats it would
be enough to give dyspepsia
to an ostrich-unless the oe
trich were wise enough to as
sist his digestion
from time to time
with an efficient
combination of
vegetable ex
tracts. Such a
preparation is
r. Pierce's
Pleasant Pellets.
They are the pills
par excellence
for those who
sometimes eat
the wrong things and too much. They
stimulate action in all of the digestive
organs. They stop sour stomach, windy
belchings, heartburn, flatulence and cure
constipation, biliousness, dyspepsia, in
estion, sck headache and kindred
terangements.
Oacn used they are always I faIvor.