LOUISIANA POPULIST.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $1.00 A YEAR. There is No Free Country, Unless the People Rule. PRICE, 5 CENTS.
\OL I. NATCHITOCHES, LOIA)ISIANA, FRID)AY, ,[NE 21, 1895. N ). \ 1.
.. . .. . .. . -- - i in H l I=
PEOPLE'S COUNTRY.
NEW ZEALAND AS DEPICTED
BY A REPRESENTATIVE MAN.
Popullt Ide'as In Frce - (Government
l)w;:s and iOperate. the tailroads and
TehlIgraph -Free Land and No Mo
mop 'lie, of (orruptn.
The Call (Seattle.)
Hop. A. 1). Willis of New Zealand, a
leading printer of that country and a
memlr of the New Zealand parlia
ment, stopped over night in this city,
homeward bound from England. Mr.
Willis has been absent from home
some months, having been on a busi
ness trip to Germany, England and the
United States. }ie has been inspecting
the latest improved printing and ruling
machinery manufactured within the
three aboq) named countries. It is
needless to say that he has made part
of his purchases from American firms.
From personal appearance one
would. hardly select him as one of the
advisers of the best "poor man's coun
try" in the world. In size he is about
medium, very compactly built, about 45
years old, blue eyes, and wears mut
ton chop whiskers which with his hair
is slightly gray. But speak to him
about the latest work in the art of
printing, or, better still, about the gov
ernment of New Zealand: his eyes will
immediately light up and you will find
that you are in contact with a man
just chuck full of information and en
ergy. When seen at the Hotel But
ler Saturday night by a representa
tive of the Call, he at first declined to
be interviewed, but when assured that
the government of New Zealand had
been much discussed of late in this part
of the world and the readers of the Call
would peruse every word he said with
interest, he finally consented. Said
he:
"In traveling through this country
and Canada I am greatly impressed
with your condition. The fabulous
wealth of some of your corporations
and citizens, while almost In the
shadows of their mansions live people
who have not the bare necessities of
life, are conditions made by legislation.
You made a grave mistake when you
gave so much of your land and other
natural resources to private corpora
tions which have become private mono
polies and w'ho will drain you worse
and worse every year until the end,
which no man fully knows. We made
the same mistake, but years ago
through the teachings of John Bal
lance, discovered it, and now have that
mistake almost rectified. In our coun
try we have two parties, viz: the liber
als and the conservatives. The liber
als are the class who believe in legisla
tion for the benefit of the poor and let
ting the rich take care of themselves,
while the conservatives hang around
the van and shout 'No! no! You'll ruin
the country.' We have killed the mo
nopolles and therefore have no corrup
tion in high places; a dishonest act by a
public officer not having beer seard of ,
for years. The government Jwns and ]
operates both the ralLro . and tele
graph lines, which are run entirely in
the interest of commerce W!th ut profit
to any London or New York aristocrat. i
"The land, too, is practically free I
from the land monopolist, as we have a
graduated land tax law which exempts
homesteads. to a certain number of
acres, from taxation. Every acre, how
ever, above the homestead limit is
taxed sad the larger the holdings the
higher becomes the rate of taxation.
All lands not in use are also taxed
and the government stands ready to
buy land of say character at its as
seesed valuation. It is then cut into
hemusteeis sad sold ar the ame price 1
to say ee who wants to buy, provided I
they )pay per cent per annum, of
which 1 per cent applies to a sinklng
ain and pays the entitre principal in
utifr-three years. The government
ilt Js,AnnL moaey on real estate
to w uais to the extent of three
flfth. e the valuatea of such real es
tate, at the rt e per cent per an-1
ns . We asI eeeiet a graduated in
te gu and ha given the eptiona to
aegss to.stleo single tax. We have
'ae meaepelle sad better still, we have
a papers. This may seem strange to
ya but oaeatheiss it is a efast: it a
Sman beeomes dUstitute we set him to
work ena Ave acre of land in one f the
three vir i s resrved tr that par
pese. He bllds a hase, cultivates the
U4 sad etherwise improre the prop
erty, afor which va rable service the
prr ment pays him in money. After
the I rst ye he Iname self supprt
lag and begis to rnambure the gsv
ra3rat by maklag sma payments
annaaui, r ti lir a number of years
the popert beemes his.
*.Nelthr have we uch a thla3as pea
les. When man goes to work for
the gverme t be I1 required to dake
eat a lt linrabe policy, whisk he.
. ay itake. in thie govrment coe
p, besem at tIhe amuh lower rates I
Is . thek e a thelwpeO, but i hei
beeat l age n Si t beeemess a sa- I
gt$ and pain him a eertain partaiu p
- thLL e 'suee f the o e- I
, a uat-le I sa a
5 ie 4
..';
the bank or New Zealand. but the gov
ernment immeliately took charge of it
and guaranteed it for 2,)000,000 pounds,
which restored the confidence of the
public and we had no bank failures.
The government is still in possession
and whether it will remain so or not
will be determined at this session of
parliament.
"We have .'optl-,i what we call the
co-operative contract system on all
public works. That is, work to be done
by the government is divided by the
engineer into small contracts, which
are numbered and any one desiring to
work is assigned to one of them. ly
this means a first class workman makes
large wages while a poor workman
makes less. Eight hours constitutes a
day on all public works. Our factories
and business houses are of course run
by private firms. Yes, we have strikes'
occasionally and how to prevent them
is the most knotty problem we have yet
had to solve. We passed a compulsory
arbitration law at the last session but
whether that will solve the problem it
is too soon to decide. We have an
excellent public school system with
compulsory attendance for all children
under 15. They are exclusively secular,
no religion of whateoever nature is al
lowed to be taught in them. All busi
ness houses are obliged to remain closed
during Sunday and all labor must cease.
One is, however, allowed to do whatever
else he pleases whether it be to attend
church, attend a place of amusement,
or play games of any nature. Besides
this we have a law, which is strictly en
forced, compelling the city and town
governments to select one day out of
the six others on which all business is
suspended at 1 p. m., except that on
this day the saloons may remain open,
provided they sell nothing that inter
feres with the business of houses that
are closed.
"Strange to say, the liberals are the
protective tariff party in our country,
while the conservatives want free trade.
This is due to the fact that the con
servative party is largely made up of
the owners of sheep ranges, who export
the most of their products and conse
quently want to "buy abroad at lower
rates. Any one who desires to leave
his district before an election may de
posit his ballot, sealed in an envelope,
with the proper officer who shall turn it
over to the election officers on election
day, when It shall be cast and counted
with the others. No ship is allowed to
leave port without a full crew as re
quired by law, and the berths must be
of sufficient width to be comfortable.
We also have a w'.nan's suffrage law
which went into e&lect at the last elec
tion. It proved cery satisfactory. We
now have the most perfect criminal code
in the world, and justice as adminis
tered by our courts is quick and cer
tain.
"At the next session I think that we
will adopt a system of consols, some
Sthing similar to the French system,
which will keep money home, instead
of going to England for all our money.
Our surplus this year will be more than
380,000 pounds, which is remarkable,
considering that all other nations are
having such deficits.
"Like your country, we have but few
liberal papers, the larger papers find
more money in supporting the monopo
listic party. The general tendency of
our legislation is toward single tax."
Mr. Willis left Sunday for San Fran
cisco, where he will take passage for
home.
srerl san "Hel Julee."
The sub-treasury plan of the Farm
ers' Alliance has received the scorn and
ridicule of every politician and cross
road demagogue in the United States.
It provided that the farmers might
have the privilege of storing their
grain and farm produce in a govern
ment warehouse and borrow money on
the warehouse receipts; and thus be
enabled to hold their grain until a fair
price could be obtained for IL This
was "lanacy." But hold. After it Is
sold at less than cost of production, and
the farmer went home to freese, and
lose his home under a mortgage fore
closure, his crops get into the hands
the whisky trust Ninety million b -
oias annually are used in this way,
eonough to load 250,000 freight cars and
making one continuous railway train
over 1,583 miles long. And after this
crop is turned Into hell-Juice to poison
-men with and turn the world intta
pandemonium of crime and woe, the
govwernment lets the whisky trust store
its said hell-fjuice in a warehouse and
there take care of it for the trust for
nine years, allowing the hell-Juie to
go untaxesd all that time until it gets
god and hellish!
And there areo hundreds of demo
cratic nwaerwspr in this and other
states that wuld no more dare to at
tack this abominaation than they would
any other great inftamy that is prac
tioed by political rasca.--Vindlcator.
w.sna Udns o. waac.
In somn *f the wine districts of
PWranes fWst bedl are tolled when there
is likely to be a severe *est, ad tm
ameda·tr ea heari the waring the
inhabitants hurry oat of their houes
Lad plaIe a attlees o tar betwen the
rws et ves. The a mls l s lglves i
a ~ eheuld o m ariss, end
t--u h w eo ese to be e plaetuly
-etsa bes te esyegery at th
; WICKEDI GOLD TRUST.
e TH: COLD SYNDICATE 13 AT
i. WORK QUIETLY. i
at
l'reeldent Cleveland's Mlontrenzs Crime
to Hlaving Made a Cuntract With the
e (Ganmblers, (;iing Theol na (udco to
I Form a Money True'.
T' he recent dispatches from 11 ash
Si!ngton in the ,Journal were rather
s n.'nsational: showing that the gold
s indLcate is at work quietly to do
what the demonetization of silter
a ave tihefI the power to do- corner
oid. The buying up at a premium
of toeir ti gold from the mines will
mance them ready for the new loan
that the treasury shortage makes
t incvtable.
in this whole gold matter-or the
loan --tho Journal has held to the
t theory of conspiracy to force a loan
of at least . '- J P.ulfP,ý ,' . lThis is not
from the fact that we were any wiser
or nod informatLon that other.4 did
riot. ouit from the logic of the situa
tiol.n'l ore are no coupon bonds any
a here available for investment by
the great loan brokers in this country,
and their sirplus from semi-annual
interest payments has been lying idle.
r I~iiroi. -, are loaded down so that
most of thern are in the hands of re
ceivers. 'The conspiracy was that for
 success the men behind ('leveland
- agreed tnat such loan should be the
price.
As soon as the extra session was
called to repeal the Sherman act, the
1 organs of the president demanded at
once the authorization of a 00'i0.U) J.
4,) gold loan, and on congress refus
g in the loan was made over the heads
of congress by a forced construction
of an old statute-and D3i, ).)0,,PPr
already borrowed. Yet even this
seems insuflicient to wake up some
Ipeople to the fact that there is and
v.as an understanding that amounts
in o;!.cial action to a conspliracy to
get tiihese loans from the treasury for
a favored few in the world of money.
It anything was needed to make
this plain. it is in the unprecedented
fact in the history of civilization, of a
Scontract with private parties to give
t them control for a term of months of
P the national treasury, and an option
p on any loans to be made subsequent
to the contract. The contract runs
to next October-five months yet
and with a deticit of #50,0!U,P000 now
before the treasury, not only that,
but possibly a hundred million added,
will be needed. The syndicate seems
to be getting ready, and to make
sure of being able not only to meet
the demand, but to keep others out,
is buying up the gold of the mines in
advance. And the cry is, when too
late, that the treasury is at the
mercy of the contractors.
But how can they buy up gold at a
premium and loan it to the govern
uent at ;J per cent interest? The
last loan cost them 104l , and they
have been selling the bonds at 1214-
17 cents protit. Gold at !1 cents an
ounce premium is nothing like a mar
gin of 17 cents on the dollar on bonds.
And what for? To force the coun
try to a gold basis and fund the $50J,
oU),000) outstanding treasury notes
into gold bonds. Such a spectacle as
this presents of the treasury openly
looted by contract is enough to make
the very stones cry out against the
infamy of such a humiliation to a
great nation.-Kansas City Journal.
This is pretty plain talk for an in
tensely partisan Republican paper,
but it is true.
It is the Peop!.
Who is it keeps this o'd world going,
By spinning. weaving, reaping, sowing,
Tnrough summer's beat and winter's blowing?
The people.
Who t it paDs the myriad ta·.e,
And humbly grinds the shrewd one's axes,
While plenty wanes and famlne waxes?
' he pe.ople.
Who builds the ship. but mvay not man it?
Who owns the stream, but dare not span it?
The rightful sovereigns of this planer-
I he people.
Io is it that could cure this evil,
And bury under one upheaval,
These mighty wrongsa wrought by the devil?
The people.
-Daisy Clover In Red Field Great West.
Quite a MiaIst.e
The Democratic party has in it en
Lirely too many people who do not
know what Democracy mepns.--Dal- 1
las News.
With the exception of a few fellows
who are in oftice and those who I
Pexpect office,-there is no such
thing any more. The people have
pjoined the Populists. The goldbugs
are now the Democrats.
The Crse of DLebt
Debt is the greatest curse to hu-.
mnanity. Abolish debt and there
would be no interest Without in
terest lots of fellows who are taking
it easy now would to go to work.
aIndependence Star and Kanean. a
A Meetlag at aaaers,
The so-called -sound mosey con
vertion" which met at Memphis on
Thursday was a representative body I
of Southera bheakers. There were
some business men in attendance also, i
and a sumcilet number of adminis- I
iration pollticians to run te affair. I
But all in all it was a packed body, I
rooedd up by t~e magers, whlo are
I making a tight in the Ikmocratio
party for the single gold standard
under the direction of ('levelano and
the leadership of Carlisle. 'Thle con
vention wa, therefore a political
movement, and yet it was not a pop
ular nor a representative assemblage
k of the people. It was just subh a
1 body as can be gotten together in
opposition to free coinage in any c'ity
in the country under the domination
of the bankers and thos whom they
control. The affair was planned sini
ply to afTord Carlisle an opportunity
r to make his speech against free coin
d age to a body of .outhern delegates
o of some kind.-San Flranci-co Ciroun
r Icie.
n EDITORIAL OPINIONS,
'I
n (;,ol seemn to be getting into a cor
s ner and tue pry..-ilent of the United
States into a hole. --t. Louis Post
0 Dispatch.
e Queen Victoria should have cele
n brated her birthday by confering the
knight of tne order of humnbugs on
(;rover ( leveland. .Southierna Mer
cury.
The pirates of Wall street will soon
, rip open the gold bags in the reserve.
The pirates and their allies want an
other issue of bonds. - Shreveport
Caucasian.
t We must not wholly uccpair of ha
- manity when the lawyers of America
r trust tneinselves andt each other suf
1 ticientiy to form a la'v ern" trust.
e Chicago 'lTi es-l lerald.
Poiitical parties ref-iu to Settle
a issues, and keep thlemi alive untii thle
e become aggravating causes of war.
The people should untite in a t!atr,
I otic effort to deprite the party plO,iti
clans of this power for evil.-Da-as
SNews.
I Abolish all laws for the collection
3 of debt and all laws making any kind
e of money a legal tender, and you
would see the -'intrinsic value" of
s gold ooting out of it like sweat out of
La harvest hand in July.-Indepen
r dence Star and Kansan.
What are bank notes based upon?
3 Upon bonds. What are the bonds
1 based upon? Upon the credit of the
nation or upon the people. Would
3 the notes not be just as valid if they
were issued directly by the govern
1 ment to the people? Ihink about it.
t Emporia (Kans.) Times.
The national banks are the greatest
factors in American politics to-day,
and so long as they are allowed to is
sue the currency, just so long they
will control its volume and ti5.i.),),u0j
of people remain subversive to the
dictations of a set of blatant arro
gants.-Eupora (Miss. bun.
SThe position of Gen. Weaver, in
taking political work, under a salary,
of the silver-Sibley outfit, is the most
destructive blow he has ever dealt
himself. The Populists could forgive
his everlasting fusion-seven times
s seven-but this has, we fear, used
r him up.-lied Field (~. l.) ;great
West.
Labor produces all and gets one
fourth of that which it Iroduces.
Capital produces nothing but gets
three-fourths of what labor produces.
Capital can therefore live longer
without suffering for tile necessaries
of life than labor, having secured the
greater advantage.-IHocLk Island rlL.)
Populist.
Carlisle may howl his Democracy
until doomsday, but he is no more of
a Democrat than old lloar of Massa
chusetts or John Sbherman of Ohio.
Like them, he has gone over, body
and soul, to the money lenders. lie
may call himself a Democrat, but the I
fathers of the party would be aston
ished at his opinions.-Alexandria I
Town Talk.
Justice Harlan is a strong, brave
mano, and the very fact that his voice
was raised in earnest protest against
the invalidation of the income tax by
a narrow and wabbly majority of his
associates is enough to put the stamp
of condemnation upon the decision,
which not only lacks the respect of the
country, but which has brought dis
respect upon those who promulgated
iL--Omaha World-Herald.
The great question before the peo
ple in the next few months, we may
Ssay until after the next presidential
election, will be monometallism or
bimetallism. Which shall hold first
place? As banks, as a whole, will
favor that financial system which is
least beneficial to the people, we need
only to wait for their deliverance and
take the other side.--Hlaleigh (N. C.)
Christian Advocate (Methodist)
England will stand in the path of
bhimetalism as a roaring loin. to pro
tect the interests, not of her people,
but of her ruling classes. Honest bE
I metallists in the United States have ,
reached the conclusion, however, re
gretfully, that bimetallism in this
country is only possible by positive
and independent action. without wait
ing for the aid or consent of any na
tion on earth. -Omaha World-Herald.
Ir you are a true reformer you will
keep out of all "lilver" primaries,
"sound" money primaries or any
meeting called by the leaders of the
Republican party, or of the divided
Democracy. All true and sincere re
foermers will come to the Peopl'* I
«01'..I0H`P. A..(. EL..
- IS VIEWS ON REMANDING DEDS
TO JAIL.
It Is a substitution ot (Gnernltenlt hi
1 Injuetion, fur (Governulent by the ( in
Atitllion anll L.' s," and l a I'rtecel llit
Traughat With liinger.
IGov. Joho P. Altgeld of . no is i
of the blef that the i nite _ t:ate.
S-upre me court ha- m.tab.,l sd a d;an
-erous IprT' eed Lnt in remiandine, I:. .
I ebs and his frien!s to ali. 1,. "i,,e,
his \iews for pub;liation in a -.nucil
article in which he -avy in par':
"This decision marlk. a t:iriin.
point in our history, for it c.tab,.;- ,,
a new fori of o go l lernirit I.e, :" ib fo',:!
heard of among n.en, that i-, av,' :
nwent by ili unction. '1 h, ro i .-:,:
of the con-titut. on that no lan -"a":.
be delprived of his liouerty v. n '.t a
trial by an iriu artiai ry, i. pr.l t
'ally wilcd out by this ,ii-; n l f
the I nited States s !ore ie v.! t. all i
the theory that our- wa, et\a· ,'i.\
a governmlent of law is at an ci,. for
every commnlunity is nlow t;, to
obey any " himi or Irijud .. h: ,
any federal judge tnv or i , at.
.\And if federal uivge, can i, tth-.
then it will not be inlo hili s.J t
judges wail fo.tow ths ,'xa .tu .
• or oyr a cintury ,or ir u
luent mariced along the .:h i- to
corstltutton ani w,- bl caite tre at
and powerful - ife anti tprot: 'er ,
protected and the law wa- riforcie.
Non., we have muIll a departjrre. tLhe
buluwarkc of .ibertv ias been ii:t:,r
Inindel, trial |by jury ha- i e'h, sttr.',. 'iin
U on.
ol'ur a number of years it has heen
remarked that the decisions of the
United States court were nearly al
ways in favor of corporations. lhien
it was noticed that no man could be
appointed to a federal judgeship un
less he was satisfactory to these in
terests Over a year ago the New
York World taliwed about a packted
supreme court and that court has
I within a few days rendered two de
cisions which unfortuuateli, t,.nd to
confirm this charge. A w.e-ci a-o it
did violence to tile constitution and
laws of the land by hoiding that the
government had no power to tax the
rich of this country. Now it has
stricken down trial by jury and has
established goverlment by inj:inc
tion.
,"Forty years ago the slave bjoer
predominated: to-day it is the noney
power. The American people cru.sht.d
the slave power and saveel o0 irlitl
tutions. ('an they rescue themselves
again? .Many say yea. but they have
not reflected that the crushing force
which now confronts them is g'r'at,
than was ever the slave power ( a!,
ital sits in the white hoase anil iegs
lates in tile capitol. 1 ile court, of
justice are its minitere andl l,";.s
latures are its lacKets. .\nd t:in
whole machinery of fashiona!,;e so."i
ety is its handmaid. Just -ce wihat a
broad list of evils has sprung from
the power of canitali-nm sine i,
"*First, the striltinj. ,iown of over
one-third of the monev of the wor.,t.
thus crushing the debtor class and
paralyzing industry. I
-e econd. the growin- ,of that cur- I
ript use of wealth which is un eir
mining our institutions. debauching t
public otlicials. shaping legislation I
and creating judges who do its bid- I
ding. It
*'Third, the exemption of the rich I
from taxation.
-"Fourth, the substitution of gov
ernment by injunction for government
by the constitution and laws.
*-Fifth, the striking down of trial
by jury.
"Never has there been so much
patriotic talk as in the last twenty
five years, and never were there so
many influences at work strangling
institutions."
Shme on, You.
Manifestly, the one issue worthy
notice of a leader in the Populist party
is: "*how am I to get an olice? In
the distribution of political spoils,
where shall I come in?"-Texas
Farther.
Why, Brother Shaw, you should be
ashamed of yourself. You should
know that there is not a P'opulist in 1
Texas that wants otfice. Tho D)emo- t
crats are the office seekers. But, all 5
jokes aside, Billie. did you ever see a
man, without regard to party afliilia- 5
tion, and even though he was an ..In- t
dependent" that would not accept at
good fat office, not excepting the
Farmer man? Ah, Pshaw'
Should be "InJumeted."
One of the ridiculous features of the
federal anti-trust law is, that the big
whisky trust has passed into the
hands of a receiver appointed by a
federal court Being an officer of the
government he is in charge of a cor
poratoon which the federal law pro
hibits, ana the very existence of
which the anti.trust law forbids under
penalty. Funny. isn't it? Some other
federal court judge should step in and
,'injuct" the receiver for holding
property contrary to law. 'I' po
graphical Journal.
Tla cckoo. are getting closer to
gethe" day by day, and the reform
Daoerate are leaving the old party.
REMARKABLE TRANSFORMA
S TION OF A NORTH C; RJ
LINA MAN.
StrllL. . illt True. t'r front ll th I. un.
I.tr hlglionl of a 1 i.'h.rll rn . i' t .
" 1" , f .. .' : ''. I"": .\ i. - !I
."1:1; : . 1 ,.. . . \ . ý ' It ' : .
L. i r f it 1 ' . " J
i',. t .I . . , p t ".c
r.-, 1 ,, t , i :' "1 : '' I
it
i t i. «.. i \ rI
na" ti
I I I ,: t, : t l' . II "' , ". . i r t
n % 't, .'I." it ),t nI' 1"i* 1 ' i t
i i, ' .
r. I:u . t \\ t l,.' . ' i, ti , \, t " ' ,I
\' i , 'i '. I , -i , i " ts
) , ,o \ ' ' I,] .  I ! 1 ' i " . ,! , Ill, I,' ;,I
a . i ti II. I r. r ,"! I I w ith iri.
v'"i . o r l I. .l ,tha t I. t '!'-f i ' :" ->i ' l. It i'.
al-~ a t, 'Ii t r y i , t"..'
i r \t i . l"x '' lin. Ijt! c u 1" ' t I n a
s'i ur t, ,,I ,' 'it life atti ti'li- i I t.. t .
Ira ni al . I ri t. r, i tl i', , I " It .:l, .
Ill ' I ' : 1 It t .t i c.: - l r ' . t .c w . I
( I t h in' t" t i. Ir
ril ia i ; 'V al i' t. r t i 1 "- i l.'
te (iti, r" un '!v' t 11 . 'i I gr I '1 I .ik 1
i'ns al t ' r if ! if ':i kr 'a' t t .* I tt
l' ts r i .ay ' il i- a in1 : 1 d. i .
.-wi r ;t ! " fur! [ . tr- , i with n th. -
Ta. vn are ana If l.ir. t sr'' ,.I t ic t tr \ l -I
Srv"nt I l, l a1. r,'i, u r" *'i,1, l ,d,: r
r.I t Wi.l ""i a I n . ,'i'i t-l s L"nti i le tn
TI c Irten I" Ia all t- , l . In n. {
o tihe s, 't.o ih) 1 1'' l . t s: hi: ,'t, h tl'
If %'" w tU.r, fnr, a, lll . r'tl i, ith ta ,
t lho ant. ri).es ru'i r.ns a i ,. n
' .e oraV a'. I tl'" ilant, ;i at.Iri n. rl ' isli
Ithe fr. % itiMi t f ! in tr a i. tth .
coink Pills a r s,, id y all . : ab r-i , or wnit
be sentl t Ist li n r.l aint re i,,
cents a ril r - h,,x,. xr  ,,or ai s s.
ahe chinre I sr. aili:.s a if e C u.,b
Schenrly tay. N. .Y.. -
i, an.hlld rl.r lIln, e i, cl aboti
It is ther fa-hiionn acres nge aup to
the tlti.a ton )o tos atea o~ ate .
eo to a .-a rt, hr nt:,. a l , p... ,.i'' ,,u
ona a ii fIt,.l , aun l l , f , I "f t- rstI- .
it of an t:. e latnt, s p an rt frot,.I.
wih - o1ld muasretun near. y y t lI: ri wll
QUe ann ull,.ty, andl ry th.e cnnerti,
tunt oa ,ln t s nly, fr$ato of,
the thitle r.ofth Cea e ay,
lan Th . l..,.t-tr t is) p o l w . . a
#20, JOe IJUV. 10 a 0
8oa- soldi lve tha etu very , ' a, ':r a
arhe po"et it a, n u .n ' i gust ,, is - u
to-third t of an inch thick, with'
or eifht seconds to 'o I s. .
theBarrier ree is a coral reef exted
ag rlong a the northe.ter n co lat o
Australa for nearly lOv,'i mle.
Th ere are r,'1 ar g to."..
or r'or was so rih in , o d that it
Fur out iao-n otf.rlin tes tral.etor
person to tras d l oero he mintire ro
llm for a fortnight. l'or tiecoWid classn
dihe charge is about half as mucrlle
oragain, and f than irst and ts a ibot
double.d a 0..
(l) t n .ul the.l Ion.
the ultivationed of the oysters along theo
itLong ofand sound front of Cotnecti- by
moplantain rauThe talatter is probably wor runs from th
or eiht scnd to . go oa.
Azolresl to |e.and.