T'o the o'e.e..s of Ihe rI orlth1i
('one ressonal ID)istrict.
Frienls: .\,,ther eleh tiou. d.!y ik
.,lrho lt itn tla n n 411 115. ;;i, lt o V r lrel
to exerC\lise that !,.ldi htutug lit 't
of .\merictan citiz*"us-th.. u,(" 41t
the b,lh.t. in ebuo,,, ' a : r e - n l t
atie ill Ithe naitiotal legh ilaturc
a lh81 shall be called upoln to act for
the peo)lle of this dlistnict. anul
represent their \iews on all pendl
ing quiestionn s of nationalt govern
luent.
Believing that the time is at hand
when it behooves ruei who have ian
interest in the welfare of their
country to ;get together inito one
party and to work for the welfare
of those dependent on t'hemi, we
beseeceh you to c·ton-sidhr well thlie
Inatters we Ilrestnit to von in this
address . ,For nI;iv v.yeans the onily
issue lbet eeni the people of the
ionth has been, which race shall
control thle affairs of state, the col
ored or the cancasiaun That ques
tion has long since been settled.
but while the attention of the peo
ple of the south has been directed
to the danger of negro dominance.
and that of tlte people of the north
to the possiibility of the domiinance
of the Confederate Brigadier, there
has grown up a moneyed power
through combinations of capital
and aggrigation of speculative in
terest, that threatens to enthrone a
power more detrimental to the
southern people than carpet-bag
governmenlt, and more inljurious to
the northern and western producer
than the much feared Confederate
Brigadier power. \\ hile the eyes
of the people have been watching
their imaginary enemies, the trait
ors in both sections have banded
themselves together to deliver over
to the money power every vestage
of the wealth that can be stripped
from the people through corporate
taxation, usury, speculation, tariff
and currency contraction. Tilrough
excessive railroad tariffs the cream
of the farmer's products.is takenl
for transporting the balance.
Through the national-bank monop
oly, uqury has put its clutches on
the homes and farms of the people.
Through speculation, the products
of the farms are sold, and their
prices fixed before the farmer has
the seed in the ground. Throutgh
Scurrency contraction, the cost of
money is carried so high that the
products of labor do not bring half
the price they should, and thereby
the debtors of our nation are rob.
bed by bad methods for the benefit
of creditors.
All these evils are matters sub
ject for legislation, and it is the
duty of the voter who has any in
terest in the welfare of the people
to do all in his power to rectify
these matters, by casting his vote
fobr tmtort~pstrty piledgeotto labor
for the abolition of the evils thai
we have pointed out. The People's
party stands pledged to work to
reform the abauses that we have
named, and we point with pride to
thegood work dlone by the mem'
bers of the People's party, who
have made a record in the louse
and in the V. 8. Senate. They
have stood untllunchingly by the
iprlimdiplrtUB wre chm to rep
ee~ . L~ JpW ia & ~jth the Demo
Ith arts. or Lb. )epbliJsnn
The abum of power we most com
plain of wiere inaugarated during
the time the Republicans had com
plete ooutrol of the government,
but since the emoorata have had
sa liaeneoe they have made no of
ofOrutespel the bad laws. Our
pse *~mstd them upon their
")1@h's of reM-an, in ase they
wesp g1i'g, chance. They have
hIt gerrout a sigle impor
i phlge. They promised· ins
si~tf winnatese- of
as'demonoetlzsali
Miaead. - proqpsst? us more
ony twagh Stote beaks of Is
. ,lbit ir-ased to remove the 1t
S eTgattax ue tale baks of i~
,-.-.P, nyI road to live uls
.tbrasW t-.r d a e tlsairor
at... -lo s sd u tatsi late f-ee
sgEh as the ar
S-i-p -/m oi ulcro
';u11yelal 1111ti 't L \ý 1 ;« ;i Ia p l'
Shat onily asks our vote for tii.
!)tllrphc4'e of getti your conseIi
to ,faw the S:::r&",S and work fo
thie iaotey' pov . r. ('AIII yon lo.l-1lgt'
'mtllnit tO hIvittn_ y~iur vote 'ndlolrs(
the I rikin plltigts of t" p.laty yol
have wi-',.d 4t1 1 ii l all yo.r l la I
hood. Thie 'eolle's party on al
the questions that the Democratit
party in the past held in honor, i:
as solid as the lock of ages. 11
believes that intelligence, honoi
a! mnaniho1, shoul rul, h1) re and thal
the government is safe in suel
hands. It opposes national bank=
,as did our Ie)t'ocratic forefathersi
It is in ftvor of home rule. and op
posed to ftideral interference in tlee
tions, as well as strk'es, where tli
State is c·t)opeteut. It olppos,,
,monopoly in all its forms, and he
lieves that this govermnm.1nt is con
trolled lby it. It favors wore lwonIl
ey. less taxes, free silver and gou
ternment baks of deposit. It il)
poses all banks of issue, except tlt
governiilent own and operate then
in the interest of the ipeople, thit
whole pleoplle, an-l the party aski
you if you tavor these retorms to
comlie and vote with us, and ceast
to throw your vote away by v'otini
with a party that does not regar.
its own platblrm or the pledges o
its representatives on the rostrum
The Democratic party of the soutl
can not be any more solid than ii
has been, but its solidity has nol
benefitted the people. It is caller
on to furnish the votes that elet;t
but it is only the tail of the easi
ern Democratic dog-thatnmust was
whenever the dog wills it. It iý
true that the President took sons
of his important oppoiut nmets froi'
the south, but whom did that belle
tit besides those who got the ofli
ces! It made cotton no higher
it put no more money in c'ircul+a
tiou; it macte mnuifactured goods
no lower.
In fact the people of the South
now expect nothing fiomn the de
Inocratic party of the East, but
that the republicans of the East are
identified with usury, manufactur
ing and the profits of commerce,
antd only a ,union of the West and
South can briJg as good times.
Se cannot expect the republicans
of the West to turn democrat, nor
can we expect the democrats of the
South to take the name of its old
enemy. So the People's party
is formed into which all can freely
go and make no surrender of prin
ciple or pride. We hope you will
view your own condition and com
pare it with ten years ago and ask
yourself "can I longer go in the way
I have been goingT Can I longer
vote against my own interest simp
ly to honor a name that has .eased
to have a meaning in it. Can I
longer afford to vote men into office
who must work against may interest
lxeatuso the Eu;tern wing of the
democratic party bids them do so.
We have named a man, Hon. B.
W. Bailey, as our standard bearer,
,whom we trust with our cause, and
we ask yon to help us to send him
to join and work with a band of
invincible patriots who have ever
been found at their post of duty,
manfully battling for right and jus
tice. We shall work and vote for
him, believimig that the cryataliza
tion of the demands upon whieh he
so firmly stands, into law, will
again bring happiness and pros
perity to this people.
K. V. BUSB,
't Chairman.
Wife Sold at Auetioe.
GrTanhs, O. T., Aug. 28.-one
of the most remarkable. auctions
on record took place six milee
northeast of here. An ertwhbile
Cherokee strip boomer had beeome
hard up and some days ago an
eanoced that he was going to sell
his wife to the highest bidder.
The sale-eame off arurday. There
weroe half a'doaea bidders present,
and as the woman was buxom and
good looking bidding was spirited.
A irass widower secred the prize,
bidding 100 lOOin eabsh, a cow, a
hoes and a kotof household ftrnl
ture. The wp. aeemed to be
wholly ueonerased about the mat
tr, Khd deprtsd with the p'r
hnser min eq a~l m hhail t rned
.vw the Things  n his bid. The
strangely eint. pair hltfor Texas
tra .o`et'*+ poa at everybody
--ms to be suited all runl.
*
2THcE t: \'1' SESS`ION UIF 'rt:
)1"A ONTO)IIER Y 111 ChI O0L
I: t11S " Mondayp Sept. 4 3rd, S 4.
'I'll: t'0t -i: ( 1"' Sit DY i u;:A1C Es A. 'TIORO Gil TEAl -
Ill N(; IN
Primary, Preparatory and Collegiate Work.
Itj Also Vocal and Instrumental Music.
The aiinº of aill work cone~t iii this itholo is to)1~ tprepe th litu .tle'lilts f1(1
It In t tin e la oVcrce lnin ii :ct 1l i itlictllt i4s t lit lmal arisM iii laiter Blip.
~IIe ;us)t enauble thlncu tt car ly ia t 1a ilied iiitelligeiuvc jint) thiri vaiziee
,aVO(';ltieelI. 'hie Iiis.titiitieon is p~re~iitecl o)ver by Itrot". .1. \V. ~1\'adldw\.
s, who is assisted Icy au corps tif cemlc.tt.lent 011 tx plC iuincel t"iiciers
I'- 5(11 EJWLE O1' EXPEN;SES:,
t"
Prlivate lioardt inl good t~iiiilies, *sS toe *4l( ol- lcd iecti .
le Ti.; lilt N-I 'i Iiua r I )pa rt l . 1.'!.; Itr mi iiith.
I * J1.1rt,11 ardtlv (Sec. Ai.) 1. .
() I l t. kt St.. *
fl-.. Ill lt _ ý .... :I..il . .
I l2(ItIei t .l I'e tier Ii i~t 11111 I 45514 el. ".) tent'i s.
Iiic'jc ctltl f1 c tote last hal' sessiont, .;(I tC.:i
Iº- I
le For any de tlcsiredt inil~ntiioulation, atltlress
Ic11. 11. \. M-AIN.
In '1eii lut~i I I~i :iil o)1 1ir )j d ers.
l t..B . 1 ORI'A'N. Sertary.t J.3 W. ý\ \ 011 V).A\ I4Iiuilºtl.
L 1LjI ART IAKRiAGE and HARNESS EFO. C0.
. Hncc asoldjn t-mcianaere tfr 121 3rrS.
1 c iJ cr vand Lactc.L wu ,,il1 cL1cthr. i i Ar6er
[)f ::: -'i" wi l,'ril e,' Luu. :;u.::d l.t.r t..;. mt ncv I $
>C - cd. .ý," t c I .r 2' ,ri* rl; a per )
~~i,.i'uI f cur2~.'ari WL y mflio'idh) >
U. ý. jt , ;,uuiiifir'u WLh Vur~t
tre erxttfr )ar+.I) La vnu 0, tot"":.t. titt ftr),,;tf H'r.t:ý v,,U r~~rn ,.?i r.
II j.n frtr " Wt take all nsk ut UP /W F PC
it ~ \ I I~pn·WI8L C RICES.
it iL^ pring We~ons;, S;i :;to 50 t uaulln TnlQ:.Errey
ý1 : L:..l' 3 ý : L.ZIu.t . Surre ,o S6 to SL1O
it N- .37Surre.;. e13. i-u(i .u I:,!i t. n. Top Ru gieoi. $26
ct 4 I100. Farm Wngors, Woaonettes
R7Milk Wagoný.L3~t::ery Wr ons 31t'1 Road
t, '3Th , YI,
St -ý ý - I"ý ~qOP
$23.50 Ncigic%
Our uelt~t N *_. I .ud W~agon.
iA' Vanca.ef IDculute $55
is anu uld al H·C
No. tLid. T· Ip B ,1g . tIii.ccrii. Q- I r I @ 18.-J..
0 $43.00 1'At ea y } ,
RID[-G L WbLLLES a^.4 FLY SiT5 ! , l . )3 it
t'$pcr ac.of r ."ah c ced . H 4. In :,:,ir;.p C tire[, w41 EI
stumps te pay postage (a.I t li sgc ra al..u.. *1.K talii.t drup fortgliu .
No .Fr ,a,,AdesW. B. PRATT, Sec'v, ELK aRT , IND
lee. 3 Frar Adrea -RTN
The Farner asnd Hard Times.
Tile ternmer, like the rest of mankind
does not tind much mouey in his pockets
just now, but he rarely hungers for food
and never has to bear the burden of eu
Sforced idlsneos which is rendering his
brother workingman in the cities sodes
perate. There is no harder fate than to
!, possess willing hands and find no honor
able work to provide means for supply
ing an empty stomach It demoralizes a
hum:an being. The hard times are forc
ing us to stul- these problems, aid good
will surely arise from seeming evil; be
r sides the dawn of better days is plainly
e visible.-Lallarper, LaHarper, Ill.
"The hard times are forcing us to
study these problems, and good will
surely arise," but not through the
l)emnocratic party. There is no le
gitintate excuse for hard times in a
coun try so blessed N ith natural ad
vantges as this. Corporations
are making money, but the people
are not--proof positive that the
corporations are absorbing the
earn.ags and profits of the people.
1 For thirty years the corporations
A have had legislation to suit them
t selves, and the people have been
"lost in the shnffle." It has made
no difference to the corporations
which of these two old parties were
in power. Politics, not patriotism,
has ruled the country. The corpo
rations have contributed the cam
f paign finds and the politicians
have stood by the corporations.
But "the farmers, like the rest
of mankind, does not find much
, money in his pockets just now."
No, notwithstanding he feeds the
world. For years he has been sell
I ing his products at or below cost
. of production. He has had to buy
machinery, keep up repairs, pay
taxes, and pay two prices for about
all he has had to buy, True, he is
a little better ofl for vituals than
the man who is a day laborer out
of employment half the tiLne--but
it is only a question of time when
interest and taxes will drive him
off the farm, and the chances are
that after losing all he has, a judg
ment will follow hiui for the bal
ance due Old Shylock on the mort
gage, his possessions having been
closed out at a sacrifice.
- The time was when a farmer
was well nigh independent, but
that time has gone by. He gets
now just what the corporations and
trusts see tit to leave him, and that
isn't enough to live on and keep up
his taxes and interest, to say noth
ing of keeping up improvements.
The "farmer" who makes theI
most money these days is the "re
tired farmer" who got his start
when farming was profitable, then I
moved to town and farmed the j
farmer who farmed his farm, be- i
B. sides keeping both eyes open and
d loaning his surplus to his less for
t3 tunate neighbors and gobbling their
posscss ions at a quarter their
is value.
Every town in the country has
r- some of these "retired" farmers.
No doubt friend Coulson of the La
Harper knows a few of them.
Free Trader.
Don's Ion Think Educalion
o Would be Bemneicall
II -
e On the 4th of July last one of
the patriotic towns in the country
a advertised an old fashioned cele
-. bration, and the people were pre
s sent from far and near. When the I
e order of exercises were being gone
e through with a gentleman arose
e and commenced to recite the de
claration of independence, he ha-
ing committed it to memory. He
- had not proceeded far when an old
party leader became indignant, l
e arose and walked out of the-an
d tience, remarking, "I have heard
e enough of that d-d Populist rot'
1, and protested in strong terms
- against politics being even referred
º. to st a Fourth of July celebration.
s With such men as leaders in the
old pasties is it any wonder the la
bor of the country is being sold in
to wage-slavery as fast as monopo
,,ly can weave the laws asked by (
e corporate power upon the statutes
of the various states.-Searchlight,
t Michigan City, Ind.
An exchange claims to tave
Y overheard the following: "What
t is that mother?" "An editor, my
son. Some folks seem to think he
" has gold by the ton; but listen my
ct hild, and don't give it away, he
works like a horse for a dollar a
1 day. He sets at his case until he
wears out his eyes (and pants) then
he tries writing copy to keep off'
the flies; in the summer 'tis flies,
- and in winter 'tis chills, and credi
tors cheerfully send in their bills.
I But alas! lie is mortal this editor
man. and goes the way of all built
on his plan; he turns up his toes
and is quickly forgot and goes to t
t the place where delinquents are
3 not." c
It is said that when one of Mr.
Ogden's constituents learned that h
coffee had been put on the '-free a
list," he wrote his Congreesman to
please send him a barrel.--'ro
gress. b
The income tax is said to be a
Populist measure. If so the poor
people of this country owe the Pop
alists a great deal.-Progress.
TIHE LOUI IANA POPULIST,
Published every Friday,
AT NA TCHITOCHlIES, LOIISIANA.
- )4) -
ONE LOLLAR A YEAR, IN ADVANCE.
-- ---o----
The leuling l'olpulist paper of North Louisiana. Devoted to the etdul
cation of the masses upon the rfcorm issues of the Day.
- --oo
ADVERTISING RATES ON APPLICATION AT OFFICE
It has a large circulation, and Advertisers will get large returns through
their Advertisement in the Populist.
---0o-
Edited by M. F. MACHEN, and H. L. BRIANV, Asso
elate Editor, and Published by the Natchito
ches Publishin~ Co.
It will give the leading local and general news items.
-o-
The Populist Job Office is prepared to do all kinds ot Job Printing,
in the neatest style, at St. Louis prices. Will print
Circulars, Programmes, Bill Heads,
Letter Heads, Envelopes, Posters,
Dodgers, Note Heads, Cards,
Funeral Notices, Ac.
Glive us your work, and we guaiantee satisfactiou in Style, price hnd
promnptness of delivery.
---:o--
The Populist is designed to spread among the people a knowledge o
their political and social rights; an excellent advertising medium as it
circulates largely among all classes.
Be sure to subscribe for it. Be sure to advertise in it. Th~ is no
harm in getting both sides of all questions. Therefore hear our side by
sending us a D)ollar for the Populist one year.
Then send us your JOB PRINTING, try our styles and prices. We
believe we can please you; let us try, and thou you will know what
we can do.