'Advice t0 young writers is the bur.
d9& of many a paragraph and article.
Wthe wisdom of the ea-lier authors also
ought to be rememlxred. It was a
learned woman of th.. tenth century
.who wrote these wordy, which literary
aspirants may well remnember: "I am
fearful of appearing grcater than I anm,
being perplexed by two things, both of
which are wrong, natruly, the neglect
of talertd vouchsafed to one by God,
and the pretence to talents one has
aot."
People are very lenient with cccen.
triclty until it takes the form of long
finger nails.
Hlow's Thie !
We offer One IlUn lred 1r,llars Reward for
any ceae of Catarrh that ca'rn .t be cured by
Uall's Ctatarrn Cure.
F. J. CunrNEv & Co., Toledo, 0.
We, the unders:gne 1, have kno ii F. .. . 'he
ney for the last 15 yea. , and Iblieve hila vtr
feet y honorable in all b :sine-s tranitctinns
and tinane ally abli' to carry out any l blYu.;
tjon made by the r firm.
Wrsr & T'ruAx, Wholesale Druggists, Toledo,
Ohio.
WALDIo, KrIN'A & 3fARVIX, Vho'3saol
Druggists. T'.ledo, Oh ).
H 'l's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, act
ing directly upon the blo, I ant mucus sur
faces of the system. 'restimonials sent free.
Price, 75c. per bottle. Sol t by all Druggists.
Hall's Family Pills ar2 tlthe u t.
This beautiful sunshine is Heaven's gift,
alike to the just and unjust.
Dobbins' Elect ife oap has been made for 28
years. ELch yea 's sales lavy ucreased. In 1)°
sales we e 2,047,6_u boxes. utl erior quality and
absolute uni crulty and purly, made this possib.o.
Do you use it t Ti y P.
Sometimes we :et to the turning in the
long lane before we know it.
Piso's Cure cured ,,- of a Throat and Luno
trouble of three y .:s' standing.--L. CADI,
Iantington, Ind., Nov 12, 18'Ji.
FITS stopped free and permnnnetlv eured. No
et. after firs day's use of Di. Ki.tis' (RA r Nrirvy
RSTroRER. Free =" trial bottle and tree, Isi. Send
oD.L i.LLY, a11 Arch fit, Palflt elphih, Pa.
Mrs.Winslow's Woothinst Syrup for children
teething softens the gums, redluces infllx:a
tion, allays pain, cures wind coiic. 25e a bottle
Life
Is misery to thousands of people who have
the taint of sorofula In their blood. For this
terrible afliction there is no remedy equal to
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
/The best-in fact the One True Blood Purifier.
loE s Pills :Liver I: es.mto
s takeeasy tooperate. 2,.
Corn
" s a vigorous feeder and re.
Isponds well to liberal fertiliza
'tion. On corn lands the yield
increases and the soil improves
lif properly treated with fer
tilizes containing not under
7% actual
Potash.
A trial of this plan costs but .
.little and is sure to lead to
Iprofitable culture.
1 All about Potash-the results of its use by actual e.
osfasesal s tbe beat farms in the Uited States--iI
ieM la lle book which we publsh and will gladly
flree to say farmer in America who will write for it.
GERMAN KAL1 WORKS,
95 Nassaun St, New York.
' THE ,
ELECTRIC
1 STAF,
* . Thesmost
S Wonderful
Dsicovery
Of Modern
-, Times.
Will
I instantly
Relieve
aL permanently cnr~ Rheumatism, S:iatlca,
Afrophy of the. m.isCles, Varicose Ve!ns,
Chilblains, Paralysis, Neuralgia, Dizz nsa,
:. ' Melnodlia, Chills and Fever, etc. If stead
, - Worm rill prevent manly forms &f disease
ecdu to careless exposure, and at the r ame
' time vtalize and correct the entire system.
Absolutely harmltesslight and haody; it can
bsaite4 the pocket. Never falls, never
Wribout NothingHlike it ever khown before.
*w'he 1. a. by mli or slet C. O, 0.4
TIE ELECTRIC STAR COMPANY,
$18twt)8 Bsasi~ayew York City.
iE I
WINSTON MFO. CO., Wimutoe, N. C.
relieve yo of t all
skhit 4iese. "mBtoo
p ril e rs r l e reve
iou of your
...Cash...
Tha"ta the 4tffitenes.
ht t _ *. w inua , G.
I , I I, I F ma II
aI qU. Not 8.1899.
t is .ad~r et u o tm
FARM AND GARDEN NOTES,
ITEMS OF TIMELY INTEREST TO THE
FARMERS.
The Shippings the Richest.-Warm Water
for Young Stock.,,..Handling Corn in the
Stalk...Soill for Creenhouses.
TIIE SIlIt'PIN('S THE: RICHIET.
The New York Experiment Station
found that in the case of five cows the
first pint of milk contained only three
per cent. of fart, whi. the last pint con
t:ainlcd (G.5 per cent.. :illd the mixed
I rilk frout the whole niliking a:;erageld
2.55 per citat. tIn every intance the
first half contained only our-third to
one-half as much fat as the last half.
Simihh.' results are reported in Connec
ticut, also in Iltdiana and New 1lamp
shire.--Ameri au Farmer.
WARM WATER tORl YOUNG
STOCK.
The rough. staring coat of calves and
colts their tirst winter is always due to
troubles of digestton fromui changing
se-ldenly fromn succuklhtit to ary feed.
But a part is due also to drinking too
little water, because the wa-ter in win,
ter is always cold. If water for young
aninmals were warmNd to a temperature
near that of animal heat, they w-ilt
drin. more freely, and their tood will
digest, instead of remaining in the
stomach breeding fevers and disease.
Do away with constipation in yoltlg
stock. and most of the ditticultv in
keeping them thrifty Will be overcome.
-Boston Cultivator.
IIANDYLING CORN IN THIE STALK.
Well-eared corn is very heavy to han
die. It takes thirty to thirty-five hills
of 'orn to make a stook, and even after
it has dried out as much as it will be
fore winter, such a stook is pretty
heavy lifting on a high wagon. When,
ever it is desired to clear a field of Corn,
low-wheeled wagons with low racks
should be used. '1'wo mnb can work to
mneh better advantage than one, the
one on the ground cutting the hill
against whioh the stook is built and
lilting the stook from the bottom,while
t.Le one on the load graps the top, plac
ing it wnere he wishes on the load, an I
keep'ng tach stook separate as far as
possible. This makes It muckl easier to
unload. With a low wagon and two
men p1ot afraid of work, a large clear
nlag can be made in a cornfield by one
day's labor, and the corn be drawn un
der shelter, where it can be husked dur
ing weather too stormy or cold to pet
mit comfortable husking in the feld.
AN UNNATURAL HABIT.
The habit of egg-eating is a vice, of
which, when once contracted, it is al
most imposllble to break the hen,
When the habit is acquired by a hen it
will spread through the flock, if not
checked in the beginning. The best
way to cure a hen that eats eggs is to
eat the hen. Egg-eating is encouraged
by leaving eggs in the !aest over night;
they get broken, and when a hen once
gets the taste of an egg she is always
desirous of cultivating that taste, and
eats everything that looks like an egg.
If you must keep an egg in the nest,
use artificial ones, those that cannot be
broken, or If broken, are uppalatable
and bad for digestion. There are all
sorts of artificial eggs, wooden, china,
chalk, etc., any of these will do for nest
eggs. oil!ed meat seasoned with a
little pepper and salt and. ground
bones, will sometimes satiate this un
natural appetlte. Dark nests are also
used for hens that eat eggs, blat not
with good results. It is better by far to
do the right thing at 'tice and eat the
hen. You will save yourself lots of
trouble.-Feather.
SOIL FORt GREENUOUSE$
After one or at most two years' use,
the soll of greenhouses will become un
adapted to the crop, and will need to
be replaced. It is not easy'to iliad just
the kind of soil to make a new bed. It
ought to be very largely humus, but
much richer than swamp muck ever is,
for the muck falls to decay ally be
cause it Is kept submerged with water
b long a time that all its fertility is
washed out as fast it becomes avail
able. It takes a whole year to properly
prepare humus for the greenhouse bed.
The best is made by composting sods
for a year, putting in plenty of lime,
which will clear away the insects like
ly to cause most trouble, These sods
should be laid in alteination with cow
man;tre, and some n.trate of soda
sprinkled over the top, to be washed
down as the compost heap is maostceted.
The sod and excrement will rot down
together, and the soil with the sod will
hold the ammonia from the decounpos
ing heap from being wasted. Besides
the soil from growing plants there
needs to be a large supply of coarse
sand, to be kept entirely by itself to
keep root cuttings in. The white root
lets that put out from the callous of a
cutting are very tender and will not be
put hnto soil that is very rich,agad which
is consequently always warm from the
heat of decomposition.
ONLY MINERAL MANURD E FOR
VINEYARDS.
The liability of grapevines to mildew
and rot on fruit or leaves is very great
ly hncreaed by feeding the vines hear
ily on coarse, nltrogenous manures.
These, In theldr decay,furnish good fields
for propagating disease germs in the
soil, aind the large amount of nitrogen
they fuash in midsummer makes a
sappy, succulent growth of leaf and
aeiv wood that ls very subjeet to at
tacks of disease gers. Whlle It is true
that opraylmg with Bordeaux mixture
r~p9rrtMmds a *t h,,e
diseases, °t is sti betagr te tip i the
vines only with potash and pbaosDbtc
anunre's, which w l not stimulate tB i
riues unduly, al4 i w'ilchb will keep
them healthy. It is not true that a
great amount of nitrogenous fertility
in atly form is needed to produce the
best grapes. With pIenty of mineral
fertilizer, chietly potash, the grapl
bunches will be earlier and better rip
ened, while the wood growtlh to be c(uit
away In fail pri'ning will not be so over
luxuriant. French vitrters never ins
nure with stable manure. All the vine
re(e'ives is the ash from the yearly
prling.. which are regulal~ly burned
after drying t..ld sprinkled around the
vines. Manurc affects the quality of tile
wine. If it ever bec.nes necessary to
apply hitrogenous fcrtllize~s to grape
vines, the grapes are eaten.-Americnra
Cultivator.
COWS DURING COLD STORMS.
When ;he first storm occurred two
winters ago I happened to be away.
Upon returning home at evening I
found the cows in their places as usual,
but the driving snow was pouring
through every l"tle crevrice, even the
naiil holes. The walls of the stable are
double, with tar paper between the
avrds, but shrinkage and other causes
produce retvices. I at once went to
work with scraps of tar paper and lath
to stop these openings. The stalls are
built as tin additiodn to the main barn, a
three-foot space, half the length of the
stable, is open in front of them. This
I closed up at once with straw, one of
the farmer's best friends. The stable
being full of cattle, a sufficent amount
of heat was prlodauced to keep them
comfortable, if all these openipgs were
closed, except in extremely cola weatil.
er. When I was done, I concudod that
my cows oug:rt not fall off in the flow
of milk. For two milking,, howeier,
the amount decreased about live per
cent., then it returned to the normal
and finally went above it, though the
wtather was still cold. I watered them
in the stable and watched their needs
earefu:ly, and it paid.
Experimmt rts last winter indicate
more strongly than ever that close sta
lling during cold weather is best. On
a fevr days, when it seemed above free
zing, I turned my cows out. The flow
of milk was invariably reduced. Dairy
cattle need very littie exercise at any
time aznd enjoy close stabling, provided
their quarters are comfortably ar
ranged.
I once saw great quantitle of corn
burned in Nebraska,crd thought it was
a great mistake, but find it was a prof
Itable transaction, ats corn was cheap
anid coal very high, but I have saw
more corn burned to produce heat in
Indiana than wras ever burned in Ne
braska. It takes as much fuel to keep
the tow warm when fed and burned in
the body, as when bum aed in the stove.
Here, wood and coal are far cheap'r
than corn for fuel. There is no more
business sense in burning corn i ytcur
house than in sheltering cows in open
stables and trying to keep them warm
with corn. I believe we are approach
big an era when stables will be goner
ally heated by some economical meth
od, such as the hot water. The appa
rates could be provided at small ex
pense. The man who holds his cows
up through a storm and prevents his
feed going off in heat through the
eracks, is going to have a decided al
vantage. Perfect ventilation must go
with warm stabkcs, or the animal's con
etitution will be weakened and tuberen
losis invited.-American Agriculturist.
FARIL AND GARDEN NOTES.
The great study should be, not only
to produce best fruit, but so distribute
it that all may have some and none too
much.
Over-production of small fruits is
practically impossible for many years
to come, if distribution can be made
more uriform.
Soll, location, -cultivation and muleh
ing are all important factors in guard
nlag against drouth. Results should be
carefully noted.
Many good local markets are entirely
overlooked * the mad rush of ship
ments to the larger cities. Near local
markets are often best; study them
well.
The proper distrlbution of small
fruits will not be complete until special
refrigerator cars are placed on all lines
from which sales can be made at any
point, the same as mearts at the present
time.
Better methods of distribution would
lessen cost to conesumer and largely in
crease the demand for berries. Fruits
would then be considered a necessity
with other food, Fot a luxury for cora
slonal use.
The great cities are often glutted
with inferior fruit, carelessly peicked,
poorly packed and roughly handled,
making reshipment to small towns and
cities an impossibktty. While this may
result in good pay for the tralnsporta
tion coflpandes, It leaves small profits
for the commissionl man sJad certain
loss for the producer.
Growers shoutd understand that it
costs just as much to pick, pack, trans
port and sell poor fruit as good; good
fruit in a fair market is sure to pay
well, while poor fruit in any market is
almost certain to return a loss. The
remedy is giving more care to the de
tails of prodluction and working for bet
ter markets in the smaller towns and
cities.
The universal consumption of fruit
means the employment ef millions of
women and children in a pleasant occu
pation: it means the most perfect com
bination of the useful and beautiful in
the common walks of life; a stimulant
to hobetter health, higher thought ;lid a
deeper interest in rural pursuits. With
a growing demand, promisijg a larger
onsumptton. we will next e:mnside,,
VHO SEALL GROW THE SMA1..
VBUITMT89*89S irni Fana,
SPENDThRIFT NEW YORK.
It Pours Forth Millions for the Things It
Considers Fun.
This New York of ours is an over
rich, over-lazy, luxury-loving big town.
Poor folk and rich folk alike work
h:ard. but goodness knows they play
bard too. In New York inl cey is maide
faster than in any ot.h,,r metropolis on
earl th, lut wh,,n tihe Iurse string is
loosed, how the dollars flyl
If thl aggregate wealth of the Great
er New York were divided pro rata
among its :3500,00t inhabitants, 'he
share of each-l would be .ibout $,S800.
This is the largest per caplita of wealth
shown in any ci;; in the worhl. iclh
est of all c.ties, it is the most luxurious
(s well. In the items of wine, Wber
and .-pitrits, (ciga' ; and toba-c in vari
ous f rmns, theatre patirnage, pleasure
Ve':lilth's and tine horlses, cut floawers
anil ornamental plants, European tray
el, dianmonds, jeweliry and bicycles.
there is annually exnended in New
York the colossal sumt of $1SS.1 t,0y).
or about $53 per capila. The unit ,4
conlpairisevl is thile figure rteprcesetin
the total populahtion, or the I tllodi
meint of $~. 5it.0lf). Aceept ':,g the a:r
gumlent of the prohiliti,,!ist that all
manner of in:lrl. villou- anld spir-ituuls
loever;oges alre luxtulcs pure and sin.
ple, it wouhld alp: 't- that a total of
$100,00),000 is spent on the be-era,.es
that c(heer aiid also ihelraite. (Of 'h
total $304;, l,( 10,il is l ail for lagetr bee;.
It representis :3,7501,u ui barrels of thir
ty-two gallons eacth, or one barrel all
a fraction over for every mIan, woman
and child on Manhattan and Long Is
lands.
The $70.000i.000i that pays for the
wine and spirits coiIsUIntil inl the e
tropolis towers over the c.ont'a.sted
luxuries. New York is essentially the
home of the wine opener. and a stalli
cin connected with the leading whole
sale liquIor dealelrs' I'tsllpaper says
that one-fourth of all the wine import
ed from Europe and male in Califor
nia is swallowed on Farher Knicker
bocker's island.
Next in the scale of luxuries is to
bacco. The figure of $30i.000,i000 is
agreed upon as approximately c(orrect
by. manufacturers and exp, rts in the
trade. It may ,e sill,dividled in this
wise: Cigars, $17,l00.1.100; ( garetttes,
$.000,000; smnoking tobacCo, $::.00),0;)0,
and chewing tobacco, $1,000,i,).
There is but scant inducement to the
purchase of trotters In New York.
There is no place to trot them. Sonme'
day there will be a speedway on the
banks of the Hlarlet;: some day we will
see it. but notwith.tanding the fact
that most fourth and iffth class towns
have more true "boulevards" than can
be found within the limits of the
Greater New York, the annual sales ,f
high-bred roadsters, trotters and pac
ers and thoroughbred saddle horses.
averages, according to the testimony
of the veteran William Easton, $4,
000,000 annually. The traffic in car
riage horses and pleasure vehicles of
all sorts will aggregate twice this
amount .and the harness makers, feed
dealers, grooms, trainers, coachmen,
footmen and stable boys swell the to
tal of expenditure to $15,000,000.
The annual sales of diamonds and
jewelry have been known to reach
$30,000,000 in a singel year, but that
was in the good old times of which we
hear so much now but (lid not appreci
ate at the time. A conservative esti
mate by Maiden Lane and upper
Brotadway dealers place the local sales
at $20.000,000.
Th" complaint of the socIalistic agi
tator tlhat the American makes his
money at home and spends it in Eu
rope is partially borne out by the fig
ures. The sales of steamuship tickets
at this port alone amount to $4,000,000
annually. The agent of one of the old
est trans-Atlantic lines states that at
least 75 per cent. of this amount is sold
to citizens of New York who go abroad
for pleasure. The amount of money
taken out of New York.for this one
luxury alone is conservatively estimat
ed at $20,00u,000.
There will be sold in the Greater
New York during 18O7 not less than
125,000 bicyeles, which may be aver
aged at $60 each, and tltcre is a cool
$7,500,000 more.
New Yorkers are a theatre going lot
as is shown by the fact that full $6,
000,000 is annually passed into the box
offices of the pla.es of amusement, hi
whi!ch this city abounds as does no oth
er city in the world.
New York must have flowers on all
festal occasions and at all social func
tions. 'The more out of season the
flower the more Imperatively does New
York demand it, and for the gratiflea.
tion of this most luxurious of appetites
she pays every year a round $3,500,
000.,-New York Journal.
Creating a Real Vaccum.
What would seem to be an absolute
vacuum was recently produced by
Professor Elmer Gates of Washington
in an exceedingly simple manner lie
took a "test tube," which is a tube of
glass closed at one end, and whith,
in this case, was composed of a kind
of glass that melts only at a very
high temperature. Into the tube he
poured molten glass of another kind,
which melts at a comparatively low
temperature. After the latter had
cooled, and thus formed a solid mass
completely filling the tube, he attachi
ed a suction pump to the open end of
the tube, and then applied heat until
the softer glass inside was again melt
ed .The next step was to witldraw
the molten glass by means of the
pump, enough being lft to close com
pletely the end of the tube, when it
was once more allowed to cool. As no
air could enter the space left vacant
by the withdrawal of the molten glass,
a perfect vacuum is believed to have
been produced there.
The Hamburg line steamer A~ usa
Vletorla has gone to Bleltas t be
!98gtheS9d, , .
IOMW TO FIND' O T.
Fill a bottle with arino and let it stand
twenty-four hours: a sediment or se"llng
indicates a diseased condition of the kidneys.
When your urine stains your linen it is evl
dert you have kidney trouble. Too frequent
desire to urinate is convincing proof that
your kidneys and bladder are out of ortder.
WHAT TO DO.
There 19 comfort in the knowlelge so often
expressed, that Dr. Jilmer's Swalmp-R)out,
the great kidney remedy, fulfills every wish
in relieving pain in the back, tideuys, liver,
bladder nid every part of the urinary pas
sages. It corrects inability to hold urine
and scalding pain in passin- it, and over
coles that unpleasant ne essity of le:n:,
compelled to get up dl:ring the night to
urinate. The mild na.J extra ordinary effect
of Swamp-Root is soon realizod. It stan-.
the highest for its wonderful cures of the
most distress9ng cases. ildh by druggisrt at
fifty cents and one dollar. Fur a sample
bottle ::nd book free mention this paper
and send to D)r. Kilmer & Co., Binghanaton,
N. Y., six cents in stamps to cover cost of
postage.
Editor Labouchere of London Trutbh
recently Invited his readers to senti in
auggestlons as to the best way to ce-l
brate the colr.pletion of the sixtictii
year of Queen Vic:orlaM' rc:gn. Thi
irst suggestion received was: "Abdi
cate. Proclaim the Brilh.,h republic.
EDlsestablish the itate church. Abolish
the House of LordE." How is tL:s,
Coming from t. lon:vrchy?
A Chicago boy gets three months in
the house of correction for stea;itg a
collhr bluttoln. More than one man has
gone to a worse place forever through
losing one.
Having seen a newspaper portrait of
the late Sultan of Zanzibar, we cannot
help feeling that justice has scored an.
otl r touchdown In his case.
REPAIRING.
Everything ip 'rt.nling
Io IhtyCtesi Itnd t pai.
S1 j 1 i"t :stock theiber
1 0 t, . /and I filna ,t a
teriin in ou. r rIepair ue
a n tt neut. Prulmllt anl
S caref tll attentionll
mail orders. lnquirle,
no.lh ied.
THE LOOSLEY CYCLE CO..
illirmingttha:., Ala.
_,O _ yCopies of
10 , ODemorest's Magazine
T HE increasing popularity of Demorest's Family Magazine, a
popularity extending over thirty years, is ample proof
that each succeeding year finds it improv.d in its vitality,
beauty and attractiveness. There must be something in a mag
azine that increases its subscription lis~ frorn 80,000 to 180,000
names (a clear gain of 100,000) in less than a year. Don't you
think so?
READ TI-IS:
"DeMnorest'a nagatzine is a literary conservator of the artistic and the useful. Got np in Ameriea,
where it has enormous sales, it is the ,st renuarka' le work of the class that thas ever been published,
and combnines the a:tractions of several 8, nlish m°aines."-Lnndon 'imeas.
N'We have received another numt.er of his deli dehtfu maazine, and we find ourselves bound to re
fierase wi, it ga eater earnestness the high ene .uiimn we have hlieasly pronolicd on preceding numbers.
Se are no: gis ea to disparage undulv tan, literary and artistic publies ions whic.h emanate from the Lon
don press, but we are bune' in simple fainlest, ' assert that we have no: .et met with any publination
pre.eilLing to t similar scioe and purpose which can at all compare with this marvelous shilling's
wor:h."--London Budget.
The Amacrican Doo.kaerler says: "There are none of our monthlies in t .itch the teautiful and the use
ful, pleasure and profit, fashion and literature are so full: presented as in I)emorest'.e'
ABSOLUTELY FREE TO YOU.
Upon receipt of a remittance of $2.00 from you f@r one year's subscription to Dem
orest's Magazine we will send you PREE this besutiful Silver Sugur Shell as a
promium, and, in addition, you
will receive a copy of Van Vre den
burgh's exquisito oil paintintng, "Our
Bench i heow,'' representing a
'"yard" eof playful puppies-shown
above. The picture is 10x36 itches,
and it is printed in 14 colors in the
highest stylti of the plate-printers' art. You will say it It the cutest picture you have over
seen when it reaches you. It will be issued with the Decembtr nuamber of the magazine.
This premium offer is only available to subscribors sending their subscriptions
at once to us direct, using the order blianic below, a'tompanied by a remittance
of $2.00.
CUT HBER AND RETURN COUPON PSOPERLT FILLED OCT.
Demorest Publishing Co., 110 Tifth Avonue, N. Y.
For the enclosed $8.00 please send Demorest-s Family MfagaiJne for one year. Also the
Silver Sugar Shell and Van %redenburgh's oil-color, "Our Bench Show," picture offered by you as
premniums.
Naame ........................... ....................................... ....
Iost O.i.ce.............. ... ............ ...................
Date.............................. ......... Stat ....... ... ...............
bhows you did not take a tablet of Cascarets
h Candy Cathartic last evening. Cascarets
prevent sour stomach, tone up the intestines,
stimulate the liver, leave no chance for sick head
aches in the morning. You cat them like candy,
and they leave your breath sweet and fragrant.
Better send out for a box right now,, Oc, 25c.,
50c., any drug store, or mailed for price. Write
for booklet and free sample. & . .o
CANDY STUUMPW
STERIUN REMEDY COMPANY
COmm. ures onstipation. MONTREAL, OAN.,
temaasssanie. .HI ONEW YORK, ass
10~ pJl astaset
n mto st-aer a-the
PUBLI8SHIOi tH OUt
134 Leonrd Street, N. Y. Olty, for ist arer th ~,~arp of the gIrat
onttag ~ hade tIme. th me. asked. It ts compltely aexed, marng t uhe tmmi
Astetl anIlabL Withthie ras- 5 ale book rou have a warld t a6
aoad at yer ansers' ends, and can m asllr spply a leak of arlty dme,.
tienal advantagest. When radin , don't you co~utanty come aqiao Wat
reases Iyo fail to underatal? Ian't to, a small omount to pay for having mee knwsg
at hand? Do pe know who Cmmrs wee, and where he lived? Who bulot the Pra.ele . s,
what That soand trvls 11e ftet per seoond? What is the loaest river In the worl) t
MIaeo Polo lavented tha comapassr in I1. and who Mareo Polo was? What the GordialO l
0eek mT tsbook entaoine o i t of .pl onar of just
500 U r~s rl "odE'9~_"L r rr2rr ·otYXIr r~l5
Gladness Comes
W ith a better undlerstanding of the
transient r ture of the many l},'ys
ical ills whic!h anisl. before proper ef
forts-gentle efforts-pleasant efforts
rightly dirocted. There is comfort it
the knowledga that sc many forms of
riclness are not due to any actual dis
ease, bt simply to a const, jated condi
tion of the svstemi, which the pleasant
family laxative Syrup of Figs, prompt
ly remov, ;. That i- why it is the only
remedy with mil!:,O of families, an;:is
everywhere esteemr,i so highly by all
who value gocd health. Its beneficial
ellects arc d(h to ti:e fact, that it is the
one remedy w:;·h prq mites internal
clean!;l'ess, wnil;:ut d militating tho
organ, on wl' 'h it acts. It is therefore
all important, in order to get its bene
ficial effects, to note when you pur
chase, thatyon ha]ve the genuine article,
which is manulfact:red by the California
Fig Srt:,I Co. oul, and aold by all rep
utable drugsis;s.
If in the enjoyment of good health,
and the system is regular, Cten la:ca
tives or other remedies an-' rot needed.
If afflicted with any actutal disease, one
may be commendedl to tle most skillful
physicians, out if ii aced of a laxative,
then one biouhld have the best, and with
the well-informed cverywherr Syrup of
Figs stands highest and is most largely
used and gives most general satisfaction.
IHAU"R DRUNKENNESS
(tot DO. J.;.ST PNLNB.Ld*N. LKJ~olfia,
IFIT GPrat "PnmeQl Discovered Send
ITS k for Free ; ,a age al let I Itceak for
hLeit P. g' , :. DIJ)t N. 'PED tT Y, Chicago, Ili.
P&TENTS 2, year;' ,.xper',ence. Eend skete.
l-,c; l'adtho. 11.. Deane, lat prlin. ex
lmill,.r C. S. })aten;t flce.) DLEA9N
& [WEAVER, 3Ic0ill 'J:lldnldg \VWwlltinglun. D.C.
OIS 11or tra'cig and locating r;old or Silver
e. 1,.,t ,.r hi, len treasures 1. D. UW-·
t.LL ., Bflx ;. ;, bouthlugton, Con.