LOUISIANA POPULIST.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $1.00 A YEAR. There is No Free Country, Unless the People Rule. PRICE, 5 CENTS.
VOL I. NAT'ICHITO(CH ES, LOUISIANA, FIIDAY, IUNE 2s, 1895. NO. 45.
4U m ITV (I T ' i .. .. . . . . . I .. .. . .... . , _n , _ . .  i - - - - - - -i l
STEWART ON SILVER.
HE STRIKES SOME SLEDGE
HAMMER BLOWS.
The Mask I. Ripped off and the Situation
as it is, Is Revealed. Without Alny Crn ;
ing-He Boldly Tells the Truth.
the Whole Truth.
lion. William M. Stewart, senator
from Nevada, delivered an address
before the recent silver convention at
Memphis. Tenn. lie said:
Conventions and the party lash
have thwarted the will of the people
Sfor twenty years. Public plunder, a
venal press and 1),000 banks have
dominated the conventions of all par
ties since the man from luffalo took
charge of the Democratic party. A
majority to do the will of the gold
monopoly has been easily secured in
the conventions of both the old par
ties, and a multiplicity of issues bars
the success of the lopulists. What
are the party names without party
principles? What is the Democratic
party when it repudiates Jefferson
and Jackson and follows John Sher
man? The Democratic masses are
in favor of restoring the money of the
constitution. They are speaking out
in every state, and their voice is
heard with dread by the enemies of
the republic. A very large percentage
of the Republican masses are equal
ly true to the principles of free gov
ernment with the Democratic masses,
but the Republican leaders who wor
ship at the shrine of gold monopoly
are more numerous and powerful than
the Democratic leaders who work
with them to maintain the gold stan
dard.
The people are uniting in every
section of the country to strike for
liberty and recover their lost gov
ernment. The American people have
been betrayed with a kiss for the last
time. They now know that every
man who qualifies his determination
to fight for the free and unlimited
coinage of silver at the ratio of 16 to
1 by the United States alone is an en
emy of the cause. All we demand is
the 16 to 1 statutes of 1834 and
1837. There were no 'ifs' and *ands'
about those statutes. There are
none in the creed of a true bimetallist.
The advocates of free coinage at 16to
1 by the United States alone comprise
three-fourths of the voters of the Uni
) ted States. The only hope for gold
monopoly is to divide and conquer.
They have played that game for the
last time. The hearts of the people
are in a common cause, produced by
a common calamity. Whatever poll- I
tiolans and timeservers may do, the
south and west and all lovers of
free institutions everywhere will t
come together and rescue this gov
ernment from the rule of the gold t
kings. The policy of the enemy I
to impoverish the masses is now well
understood. It is well known that I
opportunities create independence
and manhood; that want of opportu
aities creates poverty and cowards. l
One more gold president might do
the work and destroy the foundations
of Republican institutions, which is c
lndependence'and prosperity of the
)people. Thanks to Mr. Cleveland. 1
the purposes of the enemy are dis- I
closed. If the people submit to finan- I
eial bondage and lose their liberty, 1
they will have been warned in time.
The gold standard, falling prices and 1
hard times are as much the policy of i
"8bermaa, Harrison and the great a
mass of the leading Republicans as its
Is of Cleveland himself. The only a
dileraeo is, that Clevelanad proclaims I
epMaly what the hypocrites do a
eretly. I
The object lessons of the last three c
eare shows that the American peo- j
pie are faoe to face with concentrated
0apital,theenemy whbib has destroyed I
l previous civiliasttIn. A sbrinr
lag veolue of nsy asu compesed
with populeatios t besnOat * proe
dues falag p es lyase ladus- a
try and compeI the producers of
weallb to paw h Le proepety t eo -
Maee the struggle agalast impending
The modern toeepu, the Roth,
-tads qmblattaee, it the greatest 1
terage entablhment the world I
ban eve .It Ijl3 e ish.corps- (
ottlrs eat matiee whbs foere from 1
ne osple their eataings either by I
seopelluag the eeeeearies eof life,
trough .ahe eversiga power of I
I k1s tr.e measy 8r its
by a r their ee~h s to
pie for vastly more than the c
t* tas embeutloe. The vasts
debthe Uof atted States sad 5
'bve passe- thregh their I
* a orlya a tentry, ea she I
etaland by the Bohe s
j ldepeaet of their amu -
sedatUc 1 i estimae aa
This emblhaatiee I
Oaee ames of golid to i
a. ainte e0o0,oo0.- i
and created the panic of lxs.. (;lad
stone and Cleveland were wiiing
agents of the gold trust. They sus
pended coinage in India, and repealed
the purchasing clause of the Sherman
act to make it easier for the comubina
tion to control the standard money of
'" the western world. France and (ter
many made no objection to the wick..d
b. work of the syndicate while its raidi
was sweeping away the fortune, of
the American people, but they pro
tected themselves by refusing to f.rn
)r ish gold for the Austrian speculation,
is and when gold was demanded for ex
it port they paid their obligations in
silver, as the congress of
h the United States had author
le ized the secretary of the
a treasury to do. The success o;
e the gold combination in repealing the
ý- purchasing clause of the Sherman
k act, and thereb; ratifying and con
A firming the infamous act of 187i. toe
d monetizing silver, placed the fortunes
n of 70,O0.J.,oj people at the mercy of
the gold kings. The temporary lull
s in the financial storm which the
t country now enjoys was bought.
y President Cleveland contracted with
.c the Rothscbilds combination to cease
n their raids on the United States for
- eight months. The price he paid for
e peace and protection shows the pros
e trate conditions of the people of this
it country before the power of gold mo
.s nopoly He gave them $12,000,000 in
f the difference between the market
e price and for what he received for
ti2,000,000. of United States bonds.
and further agreed, in consideration
of such protection, to allow the com
bination to purchase whatever bonds
Y might be issued before the meeting of
n another congress.
I[ What further proof is required than
this contract to demonstrate that the
gold of the world is cornered? A
v banking corporation contracts to
r change the currents of international
commerce and agrees that no gold
shall be shipped from the United
States for a period of eight months.
How could the Rotbschilds combina
tion perform such a contract and stop
the shipment of gold from America to
Europe,unless they had control of the 1
gold? The goldites proclaim that the
people of this country are entitled to
the best money with the greatest
purchasing power of any money in
the world. 1t hat right have the peo- I
ple to the gold which the combina- 1
tion owns and controls? The people i
now know where the gold is which c
they are told is the only money they
can have.
As long as the standard money of
the Western world is in the hands of
this colossal pool, just so long will
the purchasing power of gold increase
and the price of property decline. i
Great as are the American people, i
unlimited as are the natural resources
of this country, prosperity cannot
come within a larger circulating me
dium than gold alone. The basis of t
the circulating medium cannot be in- c
creased by gold. Both metals would
not be too much, and besides, the
output of gold is substantially con-'
sumed in the arts. The increase of t
population and business is constantly
drawing the cords of contraction i
tighter and tighter around the limbs t
of enterprise. 't
Four-fifths of the American people, r
yea, nine-tenths, have been at heart i
in favor of restoring silver ever since i
the crime of 1873 was discovered. e
but the gold combination has seiz7ed
every avenue of communication. The
press and the telegraph belong to it.
Four thousand national banks are its f
agents, 6t)00 other banks and trusts d
companies do its bidding. Merchants
and boards of trade are dependent i
upon the banks for accommodations
and are clamorous in their praise of t
gold monopoly. Politicians and o!ti
cials, high and low, rely on the money
powers, the press, and the minions of 1
the banks for political success. The
president of the United States places
O30,00) offices at the service of the
money powers for the political or t
other favors he receives. Before such
a foroe any other people would be
powerless: but the American people
mor more than 103 years have met and
eonquered every foe. They have al- A
ways been equal to the emergency. a
ilver was demoaetized by the Re
publicea party, and the leaders of r
that party have labored in season and v
oat of season to keep it demonetized. a
The great .auss of the Democralti n
party previous to the advent of Presi- a
dent Cleveland was in favor of the re- c
peal of the infamous act of 1878, de
Mosxliag ailvert as is shown by t
their uniform votes in both houses of p
congrels. But when the money pow
ersdiscovered Cleveland they found~
an lastrument tothwart the will of
the ismoratiel masses, and they
ained a valuable ally for Sherman r
and Marriso and other active agents p
of the gd staudard. The alarm and
distress eassed by the raid of the ,
gldM embLatli. on the treasury in
1898 ereted a furor whlob amount
ed to pelitlei eyclone, which was p
direte* by the a.r hand of the ex
stive agaist the two houses of
qreee. Ma7y Demoorats ell be
ShII the bla st bat the re~pubImos
ems vhw oW r stranrde by the vio
d_ bt .Wa... b
I- the statuto book every law which
ig re:ogni.ed silver as a money metal.
The people have at last taken this
!d matter into their own hands. Twen
in ty years of betrayal have taught them
a- that ceuivoal platforms and good
of Lord-good-devil politicians mean gold
r- monopoly. T''hiv now know that those I
t who ay they a:e friendly to silver 1
ir but want it accomplishied without do
of ing it themselves are enemies and I
0- cannot bu trusted. No man is a bi
n- metallist who does not advocate bi-I
1, metallism as it existed for thousands (
t- of years before Sherman visited lng- I
in land, in l'i';. and before he carried t
uf out the purposes of an English syndi
r- cate to strike down silver in 15;13.
to Whlen senator Stewart had linished I
Li his speech. secretary Wade real ar
te tefL'ram from ('ongressman Blenton r
in Me.Mlillan of ''ennessec. in which lie
1- expresses regret that personal busi
- ness pirevented his attendance upon
s the convention and adds: *('e'sa
if tion from the use of siiter as redemp
11 tion money would be a calamity to
ie nmankind. \\1hilst bimetalismn by in
t. ternational agreement is much to be d
h desired, it is useless to expect Eng- r
e land to make any agreement. To ex
ir pect her to concede bimetallism now
r is as idle as it would have been for
r- our forefathers to rely on her doing
is them justice without a tight in 1776.'
- Mr. Stewart is correct in allhe says a
n above, excepting the reference to the
it multiplicity of issues precluding the J
r success of the People's party. In this
i. he is in error. The three great mo
n nopolies of money land and transplr
- tation must all be settled. t
if EDITORIAL OPINIONS. N
n The man who says that Populists
e are anarchists and socialists, is a liar.
t This is the plain English of it.- t
o Georgetown Sentinel.
The president did a big day's f-ih- 1i
ing on Sunday, June 9. Naughty d
small boys are thus given an illustri- c
otus example in deliance of all Sunday c
school precepts. -Denver Ness. i.
There is not a gold standard coun
a try in the world that is not on a sil
ver or paper basis. G;old does not a
circulate in any of them, but is hoard- L
ed for speculation. -CorsicanaTruth. n
In the rush for existence people h
- have forgotten that liberty is one of ft
- their inalienable rights and they seem C
s not to know that there are persons P
1 constantly scheming to further de- "
prive them of it. -Comanche Expo
nent.
f Money that keeps 90 per cent of ft
the population in debt is the ideal sys- C
tem for the bankers. If the people e.
were out of debt the bankers would a
have to work for a living-which '
would be horrible, truly!-Iallets- h
ville New Era.
Unquestionably, the bold way is L
the wiser and safer way. We cannot E
' starve Europe into the abandonment P
of the gold standard, but the moment es
we start alone the rest of the world g
will hasten after.-Meemphis Com
uiercial. V
The fact that Mr. Olney is now the I
head of the Cabinet is coincident with J4
the equally prominent fact that he rt
has never done anything at all re- rf
markable in public office except as
i he showed originality and vigor in B
ftinding extraordinary reasons for not m
enforcing the anti-trust law.-New g
York World.
'-The country.never heard of Jud- at
son Harmon." observes a contempor
ary. Probably the president never
did either, until Olney suggested him
in behalf of the corporations. The
country is not likely to hear of him
in the capacity of a suppressor of Ct
trusts.-Kansas City Journal.
The politicians have come to a re
lunctant conclusion that the tariff is
sue is a dead duck. The game has
been for many years giving oiff an of- A
f-nsive odor and nox has reached o
-that point of disintorgration whel
saltpeter would not keep it in shape cC
any longer. Dissolution is complete.--. I
Longmoat (CoL) Times. le
The '-cuckoo" is an individual, sul o
generia, which has made its appear
ance in American polities during the cc
present Cleveland administration. It fo
represents an individual weather at
vane, sensitive to the slightest wish Ia
or breath of the president. Indivwd
u sal love of party or party principles r
are eliminated, and servility and
cringing obedience to the individual tb
edicts of Mr. Cleveland, based on t
threats or promisec, have taken their
place-Portland (Ore.) Sun.
Senator Palmer of Illinois and
Comptroller Eckels are said to be
very severe ia their citioisms of Gov.
Altgeld and Secretary of State Hino
riohson for having led the Democratic m
party of the state into the Populist in
camp, and these latter gentlemen in- he
sist, treulently, that they had as
much right to do that as Messrs.
Palmer and Eckeis had to lead the
party into the Republlcan campt
Aad. indeed, so far as an outasider can
understaad the Democracy, it looks
very much as if the hosors are ed
easy,"-Boston Taaveler.
I ; . His Slim Agatn.
Fter Teray seems to be asetiag
Ch LOUISIANA ITEMS..
is Condensations From all Parts of the
Pelican State.
n
dl
Id At Alexandria. Thomas Cl(ements, a
se native of that place, who was sen
er tencel at the last term of court to
o- seven years in the penitentiary for
id forgery. cut his throat the other
i- morning with a razor, the cut ex
ii- tending from the sternounastoid mus
is cle back to the backbone, seveoing
f- the windpipe and gullet. lie first
,d made a slash with the razor f
i- across his wrist, severing the radial
artery. lie also took an ounce of
id laudanum. which, being an overdose,
a merely nauseated him. lie cannot
n recover.
We William stone of Amesville, blazed i
away twice at a thief whom he foundI
prowling about his hen house the
other night at II o'clock, and when
_ he made a search of the vicinity with
oa friena. Mr. Smith, he found the
corpse of a negro on the levee. TheI
e dead man proved to be William liar-!
rin and 'oronee Settoon found that1
he had been wounded in the chestj
w and back. The jury did not find suf
r ficient evidence to hold Stone.
The live Portuguese stowaways who
,,s arrived several weeks ago at New
1e Orleans on board the bark Mariposa,
1e Jose Antonio Teixeira, master, and
is who were denied the privilege of
,. Landing by Mr. S. A. Montgomery.
p. immigration inspector, because of
their bein;, foreign paupers, have
been deported on the same vessel on
which they arrived as provided by
the immigration laws. t
Is The Milsouri Pacific Railway com- f
'. pany has given a quit claim deed to
- the heirs of Jay G;ould. for all the
pine lands in l.ouisiana formerly be- 1
1- longing to the above company. The
y document has been filed with the a
i- clerk of court at Alexandria for re- y
y cord. The lands represented in ,
Rapides parish amount to several
thousand acres. l
I- At Kcentwood. recently. Joe Bran
it ninger, an employe of the Isabella
1- Lumber comoany, was caught in the
. machinery of the shingle saw and had
e his right arm nearly cut off. lie left
for New Orleans to see if there is an I
chance to save his arm, the local c
s physicians affirming that amputation
was necessary.
Recently lightning struck the
house of W. P. Spurgeon, a rice d
f farmer, living about four miles from F
I Crowley, killing his son Charles, an e
e exemplary young man, 21 years old, a
d and tearing one end of the house out. I
SThe balance of the family were in the 1i
house, but escaped injury. o
Gov. Foster has appointed Arthur e
, Lopez constable of the Fifteenth ward, h
t East Baton Rouge parish, vice Werler J'
,t Pond, resigned, S. H. St. Martin, t
t sheriff of Ascension parish, has been e
i granted leave of absence for ten days.
lBen Jones, section foreman of the a
V., 8. and P., at Holly ridge, four t
e miles east of Rayville, and Hiram e
b Jones had a dilticudty one morning b
e recently at the above place, which u
- resulted in the death of the latter. c
s The Cotton Compress company at
° Baton Rouge, of which mention was si
t made several days ago. has been or
' ganized and steps will at once be Is
taken toward securing a suitable site h
- and erecting the plant.
r Gov. Foster has appointed Joseph ti
Smith police juror for the Fourth
ward of St. Tammany, vice Jack a
Sharp, deceased, and John Dunn as ti
commissioner of deeds for Louisiana, It
residing at Chicago. P
Gov. Foster has appointed Jean t
Abadie councilman of Abbeville, vice ta
Ophellas Bourgne, failed to qualify; of
Alfred Thomas, constable First ward
of Iberville, vice Ollis Gray, resigned. a
Four members of New Orleans city
a council are now In prison, having it
.been convicted of *'boodllng." Ha. i
ley, Caulfleld, Dudousatt and Deas- i
forges re their names. A
A negro voodoo doctor named John
a son put one of his color "to sleep" c'
t for all time at Thibodaux recently P'
rand left for, parts unknown. The h
1 sheriff wants him. c
The free coinage of silver at the hi
ratio of 16 io 1 vs. the gold standard of
and bank notes, is being disaussed on a
the street corners in every town In pl
athe state.
John Vignaux, city Marshal ad Bi
tax collector of Lafayette is short hi
#601 in his aceonunts, and A. Neveau, tb
city treasurer, is $P01 short.
There were two births, thirteen
marriags and thirty deaths reported fr
in one day reoently to the hoard of
health of New Orleans.
Hughes Lorre is charged with sell- co
ing liquor without liceas, at Donald- pr
sonville and the sheriff seeks an in-l l
terview with him. am
George 8 Taylor has been appoint. in
ed receiver of the 8hell Beaeh rail
road at New Orleas by Judge Pard.
The New Orleans spouts are very ly
Smueh iaterrpted bneasn they can ea
have ns mere preim ghtn as
IM.1sYrrRSlJ iYr lwrr
FQR WOMEN I
bie
One Kind of Proteetion That Pro
tects.
No traveler, not ej'en a doctor, ever
a objected to having his or her life
a- saved by a Westintihouse air brake.
to and no one declines to enjoy the bless
or ings of Edison's electric light or
er Bell's telephone. All these discov
X- eries are protected by Law. Civilized
e- governments recognize the fact that
i1 public benefactors are not only worth
St protecting, but that they require pro
r tection for the good of the people.
al By protecting them the public pro
01 tects itself. Discoveries that increase
e, the comforts of life and lessen its bur
01 dens and dangers are the result of
brains, study and genius, and there
,d is a premium on brains the world
id over.
id
r
fruitq of his labor, genius and skill.
e It is enough that he places his dis
n covery within the reach of the peo
'y ple. He need not make a partner of
the public or a confidant of the pro- 1
fession. r
o The case in point is a discovery
1e which is annually brightening the c
.- lives of
e THOUSANI)DS OF WOMEN,
e a discovery which, according to their
'- own written statements, has rescued C
n over 90,000 women from conditions of
l hopeless despondency and despair and t
brought them happiness and health. e
This discovery is legally protected
la as Dr. Pierce's avorite Prescription. t
It is not a patent medicine, but its
d name and individuality are, for the '
ft benefit of all, protected against d
pirates and humbugs. It is the dis- C
(covery of Dr. R. V. Pierce, of Buffalo, '
N. Y., Chief Consulting Physician to
the Invalids' Hotel and Surgical In
stitute.
e Wvhy shouldn't women use it? Its
e discoverer is a regularly qualified I
i: physician who has made the treat
n ment of ailments peculiar to women
I, a life study and a life specialty. His I
t. thirty years' practice in this special '
e field, during which be with his staff P
of specialists have successfully treat- F
red hundreds of thousands of cases,
has afforded him opportunities en- c
r joyed by no one else for discovering t
the right methods and the right rem- 0
ed ies. s
That he should, for his own protec- fS
tion and the protection of his patients i
e who are scattered all over the globe, ti
r take advantage of that law of which g
a every inventor in other fields avails tl
Shimself, is neither unprofessional nor ci
unbusiness-like. It's good, sound I11
common sense. s
t Ope reason that women suffer in e
a silence agonies that would make w
A COWARD OF MAN tl
is because her inborn modesty causes
her to shrink from the ordeal of sub
mitting to medical examination and
Sthe stereotyped "local treatment."
When, finally, torture drives her to il
S seek advice, she, unfortunately, only e1
too often falls into hands that lack w
the rare ability, upon which her "
peace of mind, her happiness, and her hi
life depend. Instead of the treatment ut
that makes thousands of cures a cer- hi
tainty and failure almost an unheard- I~
of accident, she receives that which A
makes failure a certainty and the cure
a mere accident. Io
No woman, who is tired of suffer
ing, tired of doctoring, or tired of c
Slife, should fail to write Dr. Pierce, or
to the World's Dispensary Medical N
Association, of Buffalo, N. Y., of P'
Swhich he is President. She will re
,ceive, free of charge, good, sound. t
professional advice that will enable hi
her to cure herself at home (if her hi
case is curable), pleasantly, painlessly,
permanently, and this, too, without
having to undergo the trying ordeal
of 'examinations"and the stereotyped he
iand dreaded treatment by "-ocal ap
plications." If her case is really in- vi
curable, she will be told so plainly. se
But Dr. Pierce's records, covering a
hundreds of thousands of cases, prove i
that there are not three incurable in
eases in a hundred. vs
A GREAT BOOK FREE. in
When Dr. Pierce published the
first edition of his work, The People's
Common Sense Medical Adviser, hi
be announced that after 680,000 sh
copies had been sold at the regular th
price, $1.60 per copy, the profit on
which weould repay him for the great
amount of labor and money expended
i n producing it, he would distribute
Sthe next half million free. As this W
number of coples has already been sh
ld, he is now dstrIbuthLag, absolute
ly free, 500,000 coples oft this most do
Sco mplet, l, interesting a
md vale- - worro I ble oo m
im98 oA | 1 &d MI*. | dlanl
,cm mum -- .,
mail to him,or the World's Dispensary
Medical Association, of Buffalo, N. Y.,
of which he is president, this little cor
ProN NLUMsF with twenty-one (_1)
cents in one-cent stamps to pay for
!r postage and pac'king only, and the
fe book will be sent by mail. It is a
B. veritable medical library, completo in
s- one volume. It contains over 100')
)r pages and more than :;,)iJ ii lI trations.
v- several finely iliu.: rated chapters are
,d devoted to the careful considtration
it in plain languag., of disea-es pecu
I liar to women and their succeful
>- home-treatment without the aid of
a physician ard witihout having to
)- submit to ureade.d "examinations"
e and the stereotyped -local applica
tions," so repulsive to the modiest and
If ustly sensitive woman. The I rue
e :dition is precisely the same as that
d sold at kl.,U except on:y that the
books are bound in strong manilla
paper covers insteaid of cloth. Send
Now before al are given away. They
are going o:Y rapidly, therefore, no
not delay sending immceuiately if in
want of one.
Ilome-ade l)lmlles~
It is reported that once upon a
time a certain woman applied 'o the
patent ollice for a patent
upon her dimple-producin, pro
c: -s; but, as it was refuted, the
secret is now common property, and
any one who cares to experiment may
try it. Hecr claims were as follows:
Smear a smail spot on the clheek or
e chin with coloriess hilcilac varnish
I. mixed with glue. With a pencil or
- penholder press the flesh with the
point, holding it there until the sub
f stance on tue face becomes dry and
hard. The btiTened indentation thus
retains the exact shape of a dimple,
y and a little face powder carefully
a dusted over the -"artificial dimple"
will completely conceal the varnish
and glue compound. Some care must
r be observed in smiling too suddenly
Sor the dimple may be broken. But
,f with ordinary gentle usage it will re
d tain its pretty shape a whole
evening, if not longer. N hilo
i the dimple process is applicable to
those whose faces comprise a soft.
s velvety or pulpy surface, as then a
e very deceptive dimple can Le pro
t duced, it is not so available for thin
or bony faces, nor where ti.e skin is
very thick and unyielding.
How Mills Was Beaten.
It was Bulwer, was it not, who
s wrote something about women mix
j ing themselves up in all things-in
business, in council, in battle.
1 *"Wherever mischief is astir," said
t Lytton, "there'you may be sure a
1 woman's sly face pleps from her wim
y pie." A writer in a Washington pa
per attempts to prove the truth ol
Bulwer's words by citing a case of re
cent origin. "'Those who remember
the small majority secured by Crisp
over Mills in the Democratic caucus,"
says this writer, "knows that the
former was chosen speaker because
Mrs. Mills expressed doubts during
the Fifty-first congress as to the
glove-like fit of the frocks worn by
the wife of a well-known Missouri
congressman." The writer is right.
It is understood that Mrs. Mills has
since admitted she was mistaken, and
expressed the belief that no woman
was ever more charmingly gowned
than Mrs. Tarsney, wife of the states
man from Kansas City.
An Honest Sergeant
A military story comes from Ire
land. A non-commissioned oflicer.
entering a barrack gate in Dublin,
was mistaken by the "fresh one" on
sentry-go, who immediately saluted
him. The non-commissioned officer,
unaware that his colonel was just be
hind, returned the salute, a thing not
permissible under the circumstances.
Arrived at his quarters, he was sur
prised to find an order for him to at
tend before the colonel. On pIrcsent
ing himself, he was asked how he
came to return the salute, knowing
full well he was not entitled to it
Not In the least embarrassed, he
promptly answered: "Sir, I always
return everything I am not entitled
to." The colonel, taken aback by
his ready wit, laughingly dismissed
him.
A Yoethflat CrimlnaL
A 11-year-old boy of St. Louis is
held in prison under the charge of in
tentional and felooious murder. Ilis
victim was a smaller boy than him
self, whom he struck on the head with
a stone, fracturing his skull and caus
ing death. T'rhe coroner's jury, which
investigated the case, brought in a
verdiot of willful and malicious kill
ing.
Good.
Massachusetts has decided that the
high schools of all her large cities
shall have a manual training annex.
that the poorer children in attend
ance may get some practical educa
tion in the art of making a living.
D)on't abuse people; abuse human nature
What the people do, it was intended they
should do.
There is one thing to the credit of the
devil: he never at any time did business in
his wife's name.
At the Odeoa theater, in Paris, 600
memC~w4.aI I~ej- w reoesitt aid