LOUISIANA POPULIST.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $1.00 A YEAR. There is No Free Country, Unless the People Rule. PRICE, 5 CENTS.
VOL 1. NATCH ITOCIHES, LOUISIANA, FRIDAY, J. ULYV 19, 1895. NO. 4
.,r -_.. ... ... . .. .. . . . ..
CLOUDS THE WORLD.
THE SINGLE GOLD STANDARD
BRINGS RUIN.
An Artclee In Which It is Shown That
All the Great Governments Are Anmo
ally Spendingr More Than Their In
comes, and the Reasons.
The effect of present causes is as
sure as that the policy that now rules
the world continues. The whole
power of organized government
throughout the world is directed to
the collection of interest on money
loaned. And the corelated fact is that
the chief end of business is to borrow
money. The nation is considered
highest in prosperity that can borrow
money cheapest. At bottom it is this
fact that makes the demand for a
single measure of values-gold. It
simplifies usury and increases the
power of the usurer class.
The etTect is seen in Europe more
than in this country-for there the
money lenders absolutely own the
governments, and the civil power,
standing armies and ships of war are
but collectors of usury. We are re
minded of this fact with great force
by an article in a continental review,
the Message d'Athenes, under the
title of -"What Prince Bismarck Costs 1
Us." It is from the pen of Gen. 1
Turr, a Hlungarian civil and military
engineer. \We put aside the title and I
animus of the article and deal only
'with its facts and firures. for after all
Bismarck was only what the govern
ing system of Europe made necessary
for his country in the general strife
of selfish power and of government at F
the expense of the people for the ben
cfit of dynasties-the descendants, as I
a "nobility," of the ancient robber
chiefs of a barbarian age.
General Turr shows that what is t
called -*the peace of Europe" is main- t
tained at the enormous cost of $1,0O0,- t
0J0,000 a year for armies alone. In n
the the last twenty-five years it has r
cost #25,000,000,000, and still this
enormous drain on the labor of the
peoples of Europe is going on without e
hope of abatement. t
Germany expends 1825,000,000 a
year and collects $725,000,000. b
France has increased her debt 1425,- e
900,000 in nine years, while she col- '
lects now $640,000,000 and spends
$690.000,000. And this writer sums b
up the balance sheet of all Europe as c4
$2,980,000.000 collected and $3,300,- di
000,000 spent annually-or a debt in- o
crease of $320,000,000 each year. o0
This is the gift of the gold syndi- a
cate-the system of the usurer-to
Europe, and had the writer looked
across the water he might have t
added the United States to the list a
with her peace increase of the public PI
debt of $150,000,000. iM
What is to be the end of this sys- e
temrn? Ei her an instant change, or P1
in Europe the repudiation of this s
enormous burden by war. Does any
body suppose Europe can go to war
and pay this debt both? The United g
States can yet pay, and the vultures si
of usury are now fastening their hold U
upon America against the day when
Europe breaks down and its oppressed ki
peoples are unable to longer pay and tu
eat both.
We hear the cry of "-Repudiation." of
Did you ever see a flock of buzzards **1
driven from their feast of death that ac
they did not cry out as if overwhelm- SI
ed with grief and indignation? But
there is ip life where they fatten,
notwithstanding. England is the first
to proesit agalast repudiation, yet her or
vast Slamolal power rests On the mas- c
ter swindle and repudiation of the pl
world-her onsols. The principal W
of her cosols she never expects or b
proposes to pay, and compromises
with he arelsters by a dole of nomi- wi
al Laterest. Did the world ever hi
dream before of sueh a giganuo repu- is
datlem of an honest debt? The p- a
itoi of these coasels was speat ia 14
foaetoaig her gold power on India and
the world-yet she repudiates the
prinolpal and pays only a nominal tax
to tst owuer. It the cry of "repu- as
diatMs" hbe tkes atite bhosret worth oil
'-,Jrom tbl soure at least
The United 8tate up to 1898 was
a ally rdetpleg Li debtl by a sys
tem hIn rmaey with the uage of
tanklad slae valuaes we ezohaged p,
and la greem t with nlne-tenths of
the rae teda. It wasu la 1878
sthabtled the hose of its suppoe
ftiends, murdere outright Ia 1896, tol
a iln ls 1 we bpsn psaed from a
debt pyleg s a debt making nation,
Jolnd t themar h of deaoth ia
as era et the BEropeu pIooseses
New, let as talk plati commes
snrlea this subjecL. Is twety. Ge
a, eess. trom l86 to lse, the r
Udlte States ha reduced theaiss.- .
at we deab Ieun oo700,60o,086 to 8k
*O.400O4iO0, ead at the rats it was
d t 1910. Now Jusrt loo at the i
.pet ednr.mpe and thlk what the
w alie u I mattes of as* huved
asittleat of dbbs weould be Sb
2 -m
D bankrupt condition on Europe anu
ruined the life of her working masses.
and it is the same power which has
tD plunged us into an increase of debt
in the time of profound peace. It
is a startling picture, but it is a true
one, and the one overmastering ques
tion before the American people now
ýo- is, shall we break this power before
n.- it is too late and resume our place as
a debt-paying instead of a debt-mak
ing nation? This is the cloud that
not only overshadows America, but it
as is the one master calamity that
as threatens the civilization of the world.
le -Kansas City Journal.
nt The Journal is a Republican paper,
to but the above is the plainest expose
sy of the purposes of the money power
at that we have seen. The people must
w act, and act at once.
w EDITORIAL OPINIONS.
a The goldbugs tell us that if free
It coinage is brought about that 1500.
he UUU,UU0 of gold would disappear at
once. Will they please tell us where
"e it is now?-Shreveport Caucasian.
e Populists ought to know by this
date that the Democratic party can
e not accomplish anything for the peo
_ ple. It is under the grip of the
, money power. -Southern Mercury.
r, Mexico, after paying all of her cur
e reut obligations has a surplus in her
.s treasury. The general prosperity of
I. the country is greater than it ever
v was. Mexico is upon a silver basis. -
d Evansville Courier.
I Abolish all laws for the collection
of debt and all laws making any kind
y of money a legal tender, and you
e would see the -"intrinsic value" of
t gold oozing out of it like sweat out of
a harvest hand in July.-Waite's P'a
s per.
r Such silver men as Bland, Voor
hees and Teller make the people
a tired. They announce every year
- that unless their party does so and so
- they will leave it. The party pays
Sno attention to them, yet they still
s remain. -Topeka Ad vocate.
When the plutocrats want to smoth
t er out an issue that is liable to hit
them a bhard lick, they are cute
enough to get the people to squab
bling over some question that. which
ever way it goes, will make money 7
for Shylock. -Chicago Express.
I When a legislator is accepting a
bribe for treachery to the trust and a
confidence of his constltutuents, be
doesn't study long whether it is paid
on a gold or silver basis. He puts his
opened palm behind him and wings
consent.-.Typographical Journal
In our own midst are pretty much a:
the same-class rule and mass-wretch- 1i
edness, the plutocratic few and the r>
poverty-cursed many, which existed l>
in France before the great thinkers b
enlightened the people and the peo- n,
ple rose in mighty wrath to end the V
shameful system.-Atlanta People's
Party Paper.
Mexico is prosperous with the sin- es
gle standard of silver; [with gold and of
silver treated with equal fairness the a
United States would enter an era of
prosperity such as she has never
known in all her history. If such re
turn to prosperity, bringing with it
work for every man and the comforts
of life for every woman and child is
"'Mexicanizing" a nation it cannot be of
accomplished too soon in the United it
States.-Springfield (0.) Farm News.
It s USlavery.
Yes, Debs and the other labor lead- m
ers have gone to jaiL Their orime a
consisted In advising the railway em- at
ployes to quit work when Judge bh
Woods directed that no such advice fs
be givenL
If a court can imprison a citizen,
without trial by jury, for laying down
his wo-k, or advising others to do so, ta
it seems to us that a very consider- '
able premium will be laid upon wilful
idleness. DS
To say that a judge has the power ao
to enjoin a laborer from quitting de
work is, in effect, precisely the same on
as saying that a court can compel one
citis.a to serve another regardless of W
the feelings and the nlaterests of the ti
workman. We
If this isn't slavery for the work- aI
man, what is it?-Atlanta People's an
Party Paper. hi
Sttees meeeesa. Jl
The gold reserve is safe, we are th
told. be is the syndicate thathas be
promted to take care of it-safe to a
the tane of mllions in pocket.-New Is
York,World.
And ready to raid thb reserve for th
more gold beads, which your unele Oe
Grover wfu order his me Cmarlisle to th
Issu to maintain the gold reserve,-- hi
S-eovport Cas .
Trne inhoes. Ste
N. great man will ever dessed to the
the level of pey politie, even to P5
melatea hiemif La high oloe.- be
Shrevepoert Cameoslan.
A~S WStL try to pen up the suanlight
portg; a me wh to e that o ei
-e -henr rer tetis tnAs n oad
I~he ~kmthl nelie jF. er~
NMP
UNCLE SAM MEETS THE PRODUCT OF OOLD STANDARD LEGISLATION.
'THE MASK UNMOVED.
TRUTHS OF POPULISM COMING
TO THE FRONT.
Net So Mach Talk Nowadays About the
Wild Calamlty Howlers-The Calami
7t Came as Predicted-So Will Victory
Come to People's Party.
When Populipt speakers in '92, '93
and '94 arraigned the national bank
ing system and exposed the legalized
robbery of the business and farming
interests of America by the national
bankers, the old party hacks de
nounced us, and branded us as anarch
ists and calamity howlers.
When the Populists proved that na
tlonal banks got money from the gov
ernment at 1 per cent and speculated
on it, the old party hacks denounced
us as liars.
When we proved that the farmers
were forced to pay from 12 to 50 per
cent Jor the use of money, the old
party hacks denounced us as stirrers
up of strife, and the Democratic press
of Georgia, with an unbroken unanim
ity, defended the national bankers.
We told the people that the national
bankers deposited an interest-bearing
bond with the government; the govern
ment Issued the bankers money at 1
per cent, exempted the bond from tax
ation, and in addition thereto paid the
bankers to loan money direct to the
farmers, but we couldn't hammer the
facts into the heads of the country
merchant and the farmer.
We told them it was legislation in
favor of a class and would result in
slaving the merchant and the farmer,
EInt the old party hacks and news
papers stuffed the earb of the merchant
and farmer with moss-backism, negro
domination and white supremacy, and
our warnings went unheeded.
But we never faltered. We knew
we were right and believed that the
time would come when our course
would be vindicated-when the mas
qierade of the bond-holders would end
and the maskers would be forced to
Unmask.
The average reader-we care not
what his politics may be-must admit I
that our arraignment of the national 1
banking system was just and true, I
and the fulfillment of our predictions I
is aer at hand. ii
We publish on our first page extracts E
from a New York correspondent of the n
Omnstitution wherein the enormity lof P
the national bank system of robbery Is P
fally disclosed. P
hvry rader should remember that e
the mosney thee bankers propose to d
eat is based on government bonds, and b
the bonds are basd on the private t1
pp-erty of the man who is forced to a
ornw; that the banker gets the money a
ree the government at 1 per cent, h
aad ti s sat whom property is pledged
w the payment of the goverment's p
ebt ha to pay from 12% to 50 per ft
east to the banker for the privilege of p
Le his own meaey. C
uey rueder heald remember that *
S!b lt perty was ergaisela to h
Democratic party approves and fosters
the system by legislativ acts.-People's
Party Paper. (
FAUBENECK HEARD FROM.
The People's Party Is Common Groend
for All Silver Advocates.
W. W. Mullins, Nashville, Tenn.:
Dear Sir-Your kind letter, with clip
pings, in regard to the dispatch sent
from Indianapolis to Chicago was re
ceived yesterday. No. There is not one
word of truth in the report. I defy any
person to prove that I ever publicly or
privately favored the idea of Populists
joining the silver Democrats. I have
spent too much time and work to get
people to leave the old parties and I
shall not only not raise my hand to get
them to go back, but shall do all I can
to prevent them from doing so. I have
always been in favor of making the
fight on the money question unencum
bered with details or side issues and
recent events have proved that I was
right. The money power for the first
time realizes that a great conflict with
the people confronts them and now is
the time to meet them on their chosen
ground. Secretary Carlisle's speech at
Covington, Ky., indicates that they
don't intend to yield one inch. Let us
push the money question to the front
and hold other issues In abeyance until
this is settled. I am in favor of unit
ing all the people opposed to the gold I
standard and banks of issue into one
party, under one bannel', and on one
platform and candidate in 1896; but it a
is impossible to do this in either the
Democratic or Republican parties. It
would be a waste of words to discuss
such a proposition.' At present, the n
people who are opposed to the gold trust s
are divided into four hostile camps. If s
they can be united next year the vie. h
tory is won, bdt if they cannot, the o
contest for '96 is lost. In my opinion a,
the People's party is common ground t
upon which all these elements can E
stand. With best wishes for the suc- 11
cess of our cause, I reinain, fraternally o0
yours, "H. E. TAUBENECK. I
ti
eare.s mosey Causes as. t
"I gained my convictions on the ail- re
ver question from Carlisle in 1878;1 it
Thurman taught me, and even Judge di
Durham contributed to my store of w
knowledge. The free silver doctrine di
is true Democracy. Of Carlisle I have at
nothing to say. He has changed his go
mind. I haven't. If his ideas as al
presented in the Covington and Mem- ai
phis speeches are carried out your 'a
prosperity will go to nothing. Gold la
will run away, and that will bring oi
disaster. He says gold and silver to
bear the government stamp simply for di
the convenience of society. Make gold tb
and silver bullion and rob them of their it
money functisl, and you might as well pl
have lead." a
It was with such words that Gen.
P. Watt Hardin, Democratic candidate m
for governor of Kentucky thrilled a he
packed audience in the courthouse. th
Continuing, he said: "Today in a land UI
of pleanty men are starving because you to
have made mmesy s msu that It is h
g g lvst it l a het w M t e e l
w v ,b''.mdsrýýý.:tr"bw
's properties that will bring fix^;l incomes
a than to employ it in business on a fall
ing market. There is now a scarcity
of money with every nation, and all
are clamoring for gold, while one-hall
of the world's supply has been dis
honored. Money is what we want and
I don't care where in the devil it come,
from so it gets into circulation." He
handled the subject ably and made a
lasting impression upon his hearers.
e CALDWELL FOR SILVER.
r Another Prominent Republican tos
2 Populist Platform.
Hon. Henry C. Caldwell, senior Unit
t ed States Circuit Judge for the Eighth
Judicial Circuit of Colorado, first mtde
District Judge by President Grant, and
promoted to the Circuit Judgeship Lt
President Harrison, wrote a letter
° under date of St. Louis, April 30, to at
old army friend, now in Denver, in
which, among other subjects, he speaks
* freely and frantly upon the silver ques
tion. The letter was written without I
any supposition that any part of 11it
would be given to the public, but the I
friend to whom it was written, whc I
Sis an ardent silver man himself, as
sumes the privilege for the sake of the
good cause to make public a part of
what the judge writes about silver.
Judge Caldwell's utterances are bold, a
clear and unequivocal. The following a
is from the letter:
"The country is about entering upon t
another struggle for the protection of
the rights and the promotion of the in- u
terests of the laborer and producer, b
which is, in my judgment, of even more e
moment than the first. I have been f
surprised that the issue has been
so long delayed. The fight ought tc t
have been forced years ago on the line f
of absolute and unqualified free coin- y
age of gold and silver at the ratio of 1f q
to 1, without regard to the action of
England or any other foreign power
If we are subservient to England in
our financial policy, why not in other
matters? The financial policy of a na
tion determines its strength and pros
perity and the nation which consents
that another and competing nation may d
regulate its financial policy will find e'
its producers impoverished and its in. P
dustries destroyed, and the nation itsellf
will soon be little more than a mere
dependency of the power to which it ti
surrendered the most vital function of el
government if we are not capable and ti
able to establish and maintain our ows di
financial policy we ought to haul down
'Old Glory,' which you fought to gal- ri
lantly uphold, and turn the government
over to Queen Victoria, or ask Canada
to annex us. The president has throwt al
down the gauntlet of battle. I trual L
the silver men in all parties will take
it up. I am happy in the belief that
platforms which mean anything oE M
mothing on the silver question, will Il w
the futw for nothing with the re
members of all parties. The people
have been deluded and deeelved until
their eyes are open. There has sprun O
up among them hostility to such plat. I
terms, which the empty and perfidies
hypeerisy o set phrases sever Ia is m
Smel to a spilre, e
LOUISIANA ITEMS.
Condensations From all Parts of the
Pllelican State.
Messrs. Williams and Landre. ,f
Candy, Minn.. arrived at Abbeville
a few days ago, after a ten week.'
trip with teams, covering a distance
of over 150I miles. They started
south on a prospecting tour to look
for a better country, and until they
were in twenty miles of the gulf of
Mexico, they were not satistied.
They have been prospecting over
Vcrnillion parish, and have found a
soil and climate preferable to any
they have crossed during their jour
ney.
John B. Merritt, Jr., a young man
about 19 years of age. was killed at
Baker recently. lie was employed in
some capacity at the Yazoo and Mis
.issippi Valley depot. A freight train
came in about dark and Merrit
climbed onto a boxcar to take a ride
while the train was being switched.
a sudden lurch throw him down be
tween the cars. Three boxcars
4 passed over his body, drajging 'him
along the track.
An election was recently held to
ascertain the wishes of the residents
of the Mills mountain and McComb
additions relative to reincornoration
into the town of Lafayette. The vote
in favor of annexation was unani
mous. When all formalities have
been completed, the territorial limits
of the town will be more than
doubled. A previous incorporation
was recently declared null by the
supreme court.
One morning recently the Filer
Stovell band mill, of the Louisiana
Cypress Lumber company, situated at
Harvey's canal, Jefferson parish, was
completely wrecked, entailing a loss
approximated at about $10,Ou0. The
mill was one of large proportions, and
was recently constructed, having been
in operation but a little more than
three weeks. It will be rebuilt at
once.
Again has the turbid Mississippi
et claimed a victim, and hardly has the
II- suicide of the qld man Rennenbcrg,
tyan aged resident of Algiers been for
11 gotten before there has been another
lii to follow. Like him, a few days ago
Thomas Pickles jumped from the
Id Canal street ferry boat and found a
et watery grave.
If Late news from Springfield, says
f that Henry Kinchen, an old resident,
was shot through the abdomen with a
pistol by John McCarrol, one evening
recently, at the race track. The
cause seemed to be family troubles.
It is thought that Mr. Kinchen's
si wounds are fatal Mc('arrol escaped
arrest.
t- One of the worst of wind storms
.h struck Alexandria recently. It was
If accompanied by a heavy rain, and
d did considerable damage in West
Alexandria. blowing down the Meth
odist church and making a complete
,c wreck of it. Several other hbuses
were more or less damaged. No one
hurt.
T- The creation of two new parishes
it in Louisiana is being talked of, one
It out of part of lberia and St. Mary
e parishes, with Jeanerette as the coun
c ty seat, and the other out of the east
ern end of Calcasieu parish, with
c Jennings as the county seat.
Joe Gibson, a 12-year-old negro
boy, stole $140 worth of jewelry from
I, a residence at New Orleans recently
I and sold it for 15 cents. lie is in
jail, and ought to be in an asylum for
3 the insane.
1 A recent report of the parish treas
urer of Lafourche shows a balance on
,hand in cash to the credit of the gon
Seral fund, of ~6522 17; parish school
fund, (5405 53:1; drainage fund, $388 to.
The tax collectors of Ascension and
Richland parishes have settled finally
for 1894, and those of Biinvillo and
West Carroll have made their second
quarterly settlement for 1895.
Lightning killed a negro named
Isam Smith on the El Dorado planta
tion in Ponite Coupee parish recently,
and badly shocked a boy who was at
the time with him.
Fine melons are the order of the
day at Shreveport. Even printers are
enabled, (through the courtesy of a
pittying agriculturist) to munch a
melon.
A cat upset a lamp at New Orleans,
the other night in a residence, and a
small fire was the result. It was ex
tlngulshed before much damage was
done.
There has been entirely too much
rain in nearly all parts of the state.
Recently, at Gilbert, a shooting
affray occurred in which one Tom
Lane, colored, was shot and killed.
Partieblars are very conflicting.
Gov. Foster has apppointed John
M. Staoey, justice of the peace, First
ward of Bossier, vice E. S. Dortch,
resigned.
Seargents Day and Corcoran ,f New
Orleans had a shooting scrape arecent
ly in which neither was hurt.
Siece Shreveport is to have two
more railroads, investors have an
eye on that city.