FR E r..
flxtv four-page Medical Reference I,~r
for men and women \l are afl.ct.d it!"
any torm of private dieahe( peculiar ' tte:r
sex. errors of yo'Fi. c. cinta i,,is I :a-e! e
female trou lies. t, tr end " , t
stamps to 'ay lpotage It o t he le rl',i: _ s.,
cialists aI i l'hysi':an in tiii'. - \,~t,
'lL H.VIIIA\W VY ,: ' i " \\'t
I( mmnercc tr'e, Sai .\Aton,oo 'Il *u.
I,, n. , refer to a gift vy iu luril nFo 1 r
a favor vrou e ie"t one I
Scrofula from Infancy
Troublebd nmy daughter. At tin..s I''r
head souldhl be covered with seal: and
running sores. We were afraid slhe would
hieconie' h I in d.
%'We hal to kerp
hlr in ad a r k
ro ) .ll
w.H.Are art
We began to give
her HIood's Sair.t-r
parilla and soon di
we saw that slie was btter iii ever ,c -
spect. The sores \have now Ail lalhd.
I had a severe atta(k of the _-rip., wsai
left in had condition wsitIi iUseuil a
rheulnritislll and linlliagro Silnce tlaking
Hood's Sarsaparilla
I aml all right andl c.iin walk aroiiund out
doors without the aid of crutches." W.
II. AREHART, Albion, Il;aliana.
Hood's Pills cure ail liivr ill.. t r.
D Hobb's
cure all Kidney Troubles,
caused by overwork,
worry, excesses, etc.,
and all Blood Troubles
( Rheumatism, Gout,
Anaemia, Skin D i s -
eases, etc.), caused by
sick Kidneys.
A few doses will re
lieve. A few boxes
will cure.
Sold by all drug
gists, or by mail pre
paid for Soc. a box.
Wlrif-or pomaphlet.
O011'S MEDICINE CO.,
Chicash . San Friancico.
W-.'WHEl IN NEED OF`~
--- --or anytaing in the - - -
FOUNDRY LINE
O.....OR......
MACHINERY REPAIRS
af any character, address
Mshekr Fuiury and Machine Co,,
DALLAS, TEXAS,
and mention thib paper. We frniash every
thing connected with our line of business.
Send as yor orders for .................
he hes thmsla metal.
--wa mwkLeeiim..esa ari w ghveel r t.usd haisi*
- imhLIUA DilllOsl hlkev v le
-Me --il lie AUt/ll -ml lll i:
Timely Warning.
The great success of the chocolate preparations of
the house of Walter Baker & Co. (established
in 1780) has led to the placing on the market
many misleading and unscrupulous imitations
of their name, labels, and wrappers. Walter
Baker & Co. are the oldest and largest manu
facturers of pure and high-grade Cocoas and
Chocolates on this continent. No chemicals are
used in their manufactures.
Consumers should ask for, and be sure that
they get, the genuine Walter Baker & Co.'s goods.
WALTER BAKER & CO., Limited,
DORCteSTER, MASS.
"EM a health signal.
The baby's mission, its
work in life, is growth. To
that little bundle of love,
half trick, half dream, every
, added ounce of flesh means
added happiness and com
fort. Fat is the signal of
perfect health, comfort, good-nature, baby-beauty.
Scorr's EMULSION is the best fat-food baby can have, in
the easiest form. It supplies what he cannot get in his
ordinary food, and helps him over the weak places to perfect
growth, For the growing child it ui growth. For the full
grown, new life.
& Ier +er S" t' BSaws ds o+ ew wet it Lad iut e" 4 5d uetl&.
Scott & Bowne, New York. All Drgssist. oc. se $
1he¢ Will "t T.
-e',erai years ago Judge Fl)hrair.t
i:ri-ofn,. Who iowns a mill pont iin
New. Je;.icy, secured a number of live
a .,i geesu. which were contined in an
inclose for some timec. when their
wings were cut to prevent their tliht.
Th'en they were liberated,. and they
tlta\'e b)come domnestic'ated. A flock
of wild birds. noumberiing thirty, fly
ing southward. passed over the p ind
a few uai s ago. 'lhe tame geese on
tiit, pha.cid pond be:ow gave a --honk,"
w i,'n the flight of the flying fowl was
imlnedri ate;y arrested. They poised
there-ces in the air a moment and
ai;,ht"ed in the !ond. They swam
ar irand the pond for sometime, when
S.:11 ti". tamllle geese as leaders, they
..",,nt 'o the juule's buckwheat tield
l;ar by and fed with the tame geese.
'Ir e remain with the dome-ticated
, -e and show no inclination to go
away. This shows that geese are
wiling to stay in New Jersey.
The time has about gone by when
tlit man h0o wanted to take thinogs
,oi\ traielud iby the ('caat boat.
I c'etr.eity i- to be applid to the tow
i.e, anrd we slll hereafter have
rapIji transit on the canal. T'he !iret
Iexperilent waS in:at!e ;t, linuT'alo last
Steek. and was thoroughly u --fol.
'I ie tow-line a as carried by an ,:i c
tri"' motor car tra\tint otn twU o uer
ha'l cable. and el,c roc"c was f r
ni.-Loted by Niagaria ifall. 'It here is
I (ithiing articularly novel in tire de
signll, i):t it t::av r\voliutioni.C inland
conc:lii·er. . anrd ;,romote the building
of sotne of the taials that have been
taiked of for th: last fifty sears.
MRS. ADAMS' LETTER.
L` ct . t hat(toga Co., Ga., Oct. 4,I t19
Two medicines
have done me so
much good I can
not find words to
express my grati
tide for them. I
was down with a
complication of
troubles. catarrh
/ of the bowels and
falling of the
womb. For seven
weeks I could not
sit up. Two bot
'" ties of McElrne's
Wine of Cardui and one package of
Thedford's Black-Draught cared me.
I have recommended the Wine of
Cardui Treatment to a number of suf
fering women, and not one has failed
to find relief by its use. If I can do
anything to hell. bring this good med
icine to the attention of autlerers, I
w Il be glad. MRS. E. C. AuiAs.
is the name given to a nall.rtl ilt refined, dc d',,.:rd
by men in ilna. Tbls oll to sery penetrating. o.i h*g
slid hoalitl . land Ls a ure old te fly uroe for l.1tl
Intllsm. Acute i'aralyslis. Neuralgia SRtill l olJtl.lt and
all tntia:n uatl int,. bend for a 4t page book free, eta
talning a manil pe" rent, of the toleuntary arts -llm i
tIIOI itouamUnds whn have been reruaret to hai.t it ld
W-pplnea. by these iof tills wonderfll mtaUetil' u-l
I J, He. I'.AIENTh, do not allow. your lutoed oner ts
ckte-,. suffer and die it t'rorlp. whe Jo-He % ll ma e
th.nt at the Ierentih hour. .o le ell-tes toe o,, .5
I burns witht le ting scar, and has no equal fur cute,
stren and brulieo.
Where I have no agent call on Druggist, or ead 4t.
re"t to the dtucoveer and sole proprietor,
II. a JONES, tALLASI. Tznla, sox tPt
AGENTS WANTED EVERYWHERF.
WetaN-oanI wok lad m slisitg mtedlCtetl Wter.
Adduer A-. K. Da I. an.. 2D1 Columbus a res
8HSP A DIP NKIDLKI! For Io:.tin5
gl | lold or sllver ore, test or itld'len
Ir IIvI trIalures. CIrcnlare and tetimo
hi1 tr.r K GEM NOVEI.TY ('0., Palmyra, ia.
MEBA L Rodsor esting gold ormtroo.teat
Laddrae M. D. Fowlas. Utls .g obolanoat, La.
1_dT-17 . .. . A.
An ExtraordinaryAiIair
IN FORT WORTH.
& Man Who Had Been a Confirmed
Cripple and Unable to Take a Step
Without a Crutch and Cane for Four
Years, Created Excitement Yester
day by Laying Down His Cane and
Crutch and Walking -This Was the nc
Result of Treatment by Veno's Med- k
icines-He Was So Overjoyed That an
He Went Before C. M. Templeton w
and Swore to the Facts Printed Be
S low: di
- ed
This In Anolther Proof of the Itemmark- sa
able and Extraordlinary Iteallug Power th
of eno's ('uratle N.%rup antit eno' tb
ILIct r Fluild, the Tao Mo.st P'he- an
nomenal MedI ne rs In Estltrtce. No 0
Matter What P'eopl.e Na and IHow They nc
Argue. leui' Medicine-. Will Cure Iou of
Just the Fame-The leno Drug ('oml- be
Many I. LAgally ( hartered, and wmill e- ex
turn the Me ney if They Fatl. ca
'I'lc.0 ot,01 n I -n I ir ( huttbler . ;ffid at it.
-t. '," of "l' x ' t l ur,," - f At
ti r1' n .nf r nt,.o 3'. irt
- i ,h c i *it,, iii I [th. LA f it a
I. , , hatn ;,t'r r ;t , at I' i.e
t il t in r-' . 1 " ti ', Inr i
cn 1 .. lt t  .it d'. I it .true:,
Ucti ht;d:t it y, dc i... ti, i ll
atlct ..:i'.th ac o lowt.i- I ti
'l 's('tlll ' 1" :1 I wi .. itr t',
- cit ' ito ' Ii " ! ri .: i it t , n.
hand It *! !, i. t-' t r it
frrt teryr ar- t: ! and ft r ihi,
-n-t f. tr y" 'ar. til I t !i ,t .,'tinL
acr , t:r i I .t ta 1cA %I liti- t ill
cr;itcti tand fit ti-. t, a lttt dot
Itorald at<1d-pIent htlo t money
a&n, F.,t n , reinr unnil I t'%
itd it r enl at t Worth I,
tpl ,' "x:"mined Iu1¢ and 01
cold l;" I;' ' i h i n" m I, 1{%+, 1 tr",,
it do'ibt ny Iti ut t'rir-tiln; that
he out..tl ciurt nfl tfr!t le
ii' itie t n t I hate onl t' bee W
i +ih hi-i s in d t> 111,ti c thrfe
1,a ;t u wlll ill W tll,. ,tel l
ntht i , ;11 ant cA.nc or cr"t t.'lh I
t im th:utlktul fir i lc rIrec:
t,,l I hl:te" r. itc 'd : I it i
t at;odf,,n 'li t me L.tI.VI ( IIA.AiItt
r, n ilt bsit Ill illy
CAL res-c , c !, It h i..vo t r ,, e r
c Ni I it L 1 I. l r
Noi',. "t" t 'sl;i. '' rr.nt f "~ . tvy.
SVUO'S CIUIAIVE SYRUP f, ,' e.t ot
lIfn I i tlV iectift' ur"i It i,,t iily (tr .l
Macla ri c ht Ill , n d c .iti r r ht thiroudihl ::rt i
1 Ca'itrlir . (inl-itp t,' a t .I li i ir Tr ,iliti It
f clren ti tte t i !h , tiii . lilt' h tlr i. 1 i
Itiori:e, the .t.tl at iit , . t I t ; tl.e l ot.d,
leasing no ti ll it'eii. "'IT :" t! t I .e h. f-r its l
h cxtly the famc n LlanrI i 'lii' < iatfr, l 1. gr at
germ dte-troycr iand bloo [ t. '11., r, an.d when
e utie'l i tl
V u O'8 ULECTUTC PLUID will -tice th°
t worst and most dtes ( rate cttis, oif Ihetuma- g
tis lam. Paralti . " iatia. Netr.glia and all
ache and patus. No hine ihuililh tie without i
S thee mtedicines. Thee are r-od at c ite each.
Ask your dtrtugist to cut 'icu . Cutrati e syrup
and Venos E.lectric I-'i':id for yo. t 'rite to
The Veno Drug Co . P'lutburt. I'Pa
d "It..p. fro" Ier
o F:x- l een 1-atle' a s ,f .!cain. i- the
subj'ct of -o in.itv i clrtl ;usc .torines
that it is qit-t t'"-fi-r:ninltg to be aot_
to ri-;at. soffetlhini tio tier "crdiit It
see nIs that Furitit',. li;e maln wlio at
te ,ipted to take ir life ii 1ic;, i.
nOW almost teriehinf of citl a,-e and
poverty in ' Paris, hii health runiied by
a long sojourn in thle prisons of Spain
and in the penal colonies of North
Africa andti of tie PI'litiipine islands.
The old queen heardil of this the otlicr
day and immnediately instructcd the
mastLetr of her household, the duke of
Castro-Tlorento. to set.td the man a
sum of lt0.,, with the assurance that
henceforth her majesty will provide
fot' his welfare and see that he does
not want. In reply to the expostula
tions of the duke, she exclaimed:
--You don't understand it' The man
did not wisit to kill nme. bit to destroy
the s -:tir and party that I represent
ed." 11,-r i:fe i- full of charitable
deeds of thi- kitd. and when the day
comes for her to render an account it
is to be hoped that they will more
Sthan otTffeset her moral delinquencies,
frequent as they have been.
. aise V.ern.
is,
S The latest 'Pennsy'lvanr.ia romance
is to the effect that a (Chester lady,
prominent in society, was spinning
Salong the Darby telford road on her
Sbicycle when a sudden sneeze sent her
'* false tooth flying over the machine.
Instantly dismounting, she searched
- in vain for the missing molars, and,
2 reluctantly remounting the wheel,
pedaled homeward. The loss worried
- the lady, whose social functions were
numerous, and as her teeth had often
been admired. a new set meant social
oblivion for several days. While her
pretty brow was drawn together in
perplexity she noticed an excrescence
on the tire acd, dismouating a second
time, she was surprised and over
joyed to find the false teeth sticking
like a burr in the pneumatic tire,
which they had punctured. This
story is probably not true. The bi
cycle does many wonderful things;
but it is not likely that it goes rolling
through the country picking up falso
teeth and restoring them to their
owners.
Well, Did You Ever?
It isn't every one who cherishes
his grandmother so he keeps her in a
safety deposit vault. That's the way
a Chicago man does, however. His
grandmother died some years ago,
and left instructions that her body be
cremated and held forever by her
grandson and his desceendnts. He
complied with her wishes so far as
the cremating went, but after he had
her sealed up in a neat little jar he
dida't know what to do with it. His
wife said it gave her the creeps just
to look at it, Nobody seemed anxious
to have it around, and so after trying
many plans he at last got permission
to put it in a safety vault in the city
hall where he is an employe.
All e ih.
Human beings, in such a crowd as
attend circuses, show their breeding.
They stand in front of others and ob
struct their vision as selfishly and un.
concerned as a big hat at a matinee.
It is not possible to make a silk purse
from say swinish appendage, and s
man in whose natu o brutal instincts
predominate, and *ho lacks the fine
ness of a gentleman, will show what
he is when there Is a chance for hita
to help himsel and deprive otetis o!
pleasure.
Ths tonman Glleeed N.,t.
r It was remarked in Buffalo, the
other day, that a peculiar failing on
the part of the new system of draw
ing jurors came out, when the tales
men were being called in the supreme
court to hear cases before Judge Lam
P bert. Jacob Mier of Senecca street.
wr as called. A summons had been left
d at his house for him, but he had not
d appeared. lie had been sent for, and
Sno answer came in response to the
knock. Then a second call was made.
and Mrs. Mier was seen. Asked
n where her husband was, she said she
did not know. Told that he was want
ed at court or he would be lined, ci..
said she guessed not. lie was out of
r the jurisdiction of the court. Told
that he still had property in the city
anti the court would levy against it to
o colloct the fine, she said she guessed
p not again. Then she told the oticer
u of the court that her husband had
a- been dead for eight years. The court
excused him when his name was
calied.
When Wrinkles Senln the iBrow,
f And the locl;s grow scant and silery, in
firniltle° of age comnon apace. To retard and
amellorate these la one of the bIenigu effects of
Sllfstetter's ftntomach Ilitters, a ledicine to
which the ar4d and tinfinl can resort a. a safe
solace and iluvigiqant. It colluteract, a ten
dt'nv to rheunlmatisml nlld neuralgia. IImiproves
tligestlln, rectifies iltollotsnes and om rrcme:.s
rmalaria .A wi'neglas before retiring pr,,
tit tn l illllluber
S Ioutine in the life of the farmer' w ife.
Get to led - get up - got breakfast - get din
ier get sul per get to ril
Notice.
I want every man and woman in the
United States who are interested in the
1 opium and whisky habits to have one of
t my books on these disease.. Address. B.
ie M. Woolley. Atlanta, Ga., box 377. and one
n will be sent you free.
II The iman who finds fauilt fith other eo
ple, is usually airing his conceit.
It the Balby is Cutting Teeth.
I c sure and use that old and wellti lie remedy, KMa.
r WLVSLCuwa SwuT,,iN Sti. fotr Children TeethIng
. Never make yourrself the herL of your
own story.
A Child Enjoys
The pleasant flavor, gentle action and
ii soothing effects of Syrup of Figs, when in
n need of a laxative, and if the father or
mother be costive or bilious, the most
a gratifying results follow its use; so that it
Ut is the best family remedy known, and every
h. family should have a bottle'on hand.
to It is cowardly and mean to betray a ron
fldence.
Piso's (tCure is a wonderful Cough medi
cine--Mr. rW. PI,'!RT. lVan Sidlen and
Blake As  . Pr ,oklyn. N. Y , (ct it., 'r .
Love i, like a womiau, at its best when
It quite young.
-t
EC E hood until I was
grown my family
na spent a fortune
tih trying tocureme
a. of this disease. I visited Hot Springs
or and was treated by the best medical
tc men, but was not benefited. When
of allthings hadF failed I de
termined to try S.S.S.
a and in four months was
at entirely cured. The terribl: eczema
was gone, not a sign of it left. My
es general health built up, and I have
a- never had any return of the disease.
recommend
in ed S.Ss. and
y have never
yet known a failure to cure.
i- GEO. W. IRWIN, Irwi, Pa.
l Se Never fails to cure,
even whten all other
a re medies have. Our
it treatise on bloodand
skin dianses mailed
re ree to any address.
'i, T PEs FIC CO. Atlanta. Ga.
HAIR BALSAM
erte to i e
r
"fnL osoasmoa -s, b... s msh , b ett w orr m oe Uy h ane r sa ym."
THEYOUTHI' COMPANION
"52 Times Year." SubcriptiUo. $1.75.
d The value of the t volume of The Companion is suggested by the titles and authors of a few of the
Articles announced for x896, as given below.
g
A Notable Series.
Thbt following Articles of exceptional value from the most Eminent Authorities:
T The Lord Chief Justice of England.
SPO . Judge Oliver Wendell Holmes.
lr WHAT THE SPEAKER DOES. Hon. Thomas B. Reed.
HOW A PRIME MINISTER IS MADE. By Justin McCarthy, M. P.
Three Cabinet Ministers. Naval Adventures.
No ether periodical has ever been able to ansounce articles AMONG CHINESE PIRATES. Admiral A. H. Markham.
y by three Cabinet Ministers.
8 ECRETARY OP THE INTERIOR. Ho okeb Smith. SA PETS. By Admiral T. H. Stevens.
SECRETARY OP AGRICULTURE. HBs. J. Sterling ortee. LORD NELSON'S SHIPMATE. Sir George Elliot, K. C. B.
SECRETARY OP THE NAVY. BHo. H. A. Herbert., THE CAPTURE OP RANGOON. Admiral P. H. Colomb.
Serial Stories for the Year 1896.
o From the great number offered a few of the best have been selected.
iS THE VENTRILOQUIST. A Thrilling Story of Southern Life. By Miss M. G. McClellmd.
Bt IN THE CLUTCH OP THE TSAR. An American's Life among the Russians. By C. A. Stephens.
s ROSAMOlD'S VIOLIN. A Story of fascinating interest for Girls. By Ellen Douglas Deland.
o IN INDIAN MEADOW. Adventurous Pioneer Lite of two Boys go years ago. By Charles Adams.
Send for Full Illustrated Prospectus and Sample Copies Free.
RW AXKARrABL OFPER I
5 -c ikhrlber who will cat out this slip ad semd it AT ONCE  I
b- with rame and dares, sad $.7s, will receive:
WCAL ENDAR RL- - The Tth's Cea cuais every week tm Janary I, 1n. This slip with
e FREE - Thetarbiir, Christmas, New Tears e lmbers..
se r F, E-Oar Walessare 4-page Calendar x 10 atscmke,  th,
SRA aD THEn COMPAIUON 52 weeks, a tall year. to J _sa rY I. IS?. 7 ,5
THE YOUTH'S COMPANION, ao, Columbus Avenue, Boston, Mass.
ine lea check. Pest-Ene er Express Orer, or Ragsteread ssr, at Our Risk.
Highest of al in Leavening ower.-Latest U. S. Go-'t Rc. ii
Bakin g
Powder
ABSOIWATELY PUB
'"W\haý.'' rsked the sentiiuetate1
man, ""i, to lecorQ'l of the r:tstlo of
silken skirts thalt hate he''n thll. in
r:.t'ation of s iniwiy Poe',-* ;i N·er
you mined."' Q~il thie bloomeUr girl.
"From this tillI.' (Iln woman i. Vofil
to do a ;,oo'i ucal of r..Kt:11i it''se~f I
It will bt' til. r 1, te of .lo w W.:.ti ant
tihe fruui hro of tiu:i 0.uoiuenrt ort c'th
I'lliulokaiaiit. the. ,liNý'l t.eet5't.'tlt 4i1
Hawaii, had it 121K)'l 1 iilty '. Irllrl,it.
(hal'actel'.-t '-. ow- of! ti, Itto-t I 'to
iouncid o(if Wlicih as a Ie a tctih I'l-.
ion fur the coic, lton I If -ow k ot,',
made by jaicors of u fTieitt natt, nal
ities Who icsited her oitoiai i.
Tho-' is i mo ('"t'nitrrh iri his seertion
C'? III'''' (t1~ll\ itini( jI11 mtth'rT *ttr·'as't
of tlt"' gr' t hi tltt tli ' 114 '. * lrio s .,
j''liit~r ''tilt'' Iitlit ttiill' ll·· . .'nt'.' ~llit'~l
d,1ut t,g" ju ..nl until ' hi ll r ts 1' a
N'ure. manut.tltr ' lvl ", . =. . Ch} ny &
Crc. Tuledi,, Iftitt. Ii the ''civ c~mit itu
totral lure it itt1 r in"ki It Is tuike1m
Inrtvrnally. in d's.it fr. 'ni t'fl .lr)pS Il a
0'.J")'I 'itful. Ia a'IsI 'ir c";ly 'll the
arilmid teint 1 u 'i Uii .od4 i'o the s'.
f nt. They. fitr (Jute Iiiuittlr`d ellkitrs
f'it' il t ' ti~eii tt tIi . 1a -ut $ till for
cirsue:a rs aRt'l i "'ti t 'lrtl m I' .'1i ,1 -
Cu. J T 'l lXd", Y &' tI,.., 'l'kF', u
1.r'.m vi'i i'. Th y rr Ir :o i'.. ni~ irttiid ll tf arst
It ir cruel to laugh at the' v ia'-forti ftns of
othrso.
"A TCict "-"AS Jam"
Queer Nameso. A Jam"- "-" 8 l -
,e A alt"-"-aw Spots"
" Blue Spots "-" Ik)&d Aches"
are all weliknown .ldesh, bone, StJacObs Oil.
-nd-muclernnd ascr
--~~ - i
Comes soon
to al who
employ .
the helpful
services of
CLAURETTE SOAP.
Does the work quicker, does it better, ls blonget. Begin its use at
once. :old everywhere. Made only by
The N. K. Falrbank Company, - St. Louis.
 .ili" 11 l I I \ Ii  ,,
" lanson's ratric Cora .alve.'"
de.rv ra.t l I, I : I' . ',, i 11
IsI * , i. ." I I ii I Iii'' 1 I 11
. u . 11.n i 1.. t .. 1 ,, " 1, , .. , . 11
yet I'mrr*ir .·I. i.W I I l t I "
the 11 11e l 11111 It I- I , ::I I 1 - ''.
DON'T ioWERs
GET =
WET 'Ii BRN0
FISH BRAND
SLICKERS
WILL KEEP YOU DRY
l b(uh Syrup. Tairs .W L el
tn rIme. Ild bh dnru i*ri.
W N U DALLAS. 46-95
When *nswering Advert sements K;naly
* Mention this Pager.