LOUISIANA POPULIST.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $1.00 A YEAR. There is No Free Country, Unless the People Rule. PRICE, 5 CENTS.
V()L 1. NAI'CIrlT()1lCHES, L()U ISIANA, FII I)AY. JUNE 7, 1895. N(). 12.
|l - . . . . . .
HISTORY REIPEATING.
SOME CONTRASTS WORTHY OF
SERIOUS THOUGHT.
Irome and the Itontans, and How They
liecamne Corrupt-Their Faultsa nd
,Mistake. , alid the Iilnal Results anti
Our F uture.
The first step toward the overthrow
of a free government is accomplished
by imlpoverlihing the people. In
hiomel this aas done by gathering the
montev, the lands, and io fact all the
mean. of wealth into the hands of the
few. Hlaving all these nmeans in their
hand·. it was an easy matter to so
arrange aflair that at any time the
miioney classes desired presure could
be brought in such a way
that property value, were run
down, prices were precipitattd. and
then these money holders would go
into the market and purchase proper
ty at their own figures. It took but
a few years to bring the people al
imoot to the very verg of despair, and
then there arose a threatning de
mand for an equal division of all the
good things of life.
T'lberius Gracchie, about 1:13 I1. C.,
returning from Spain to Rlome, saw in
full operation the largo estate system,
carried on by the wealthy senators
and their favorites-the lands
of the republic, which should
hate been homes for the
people "cultivated by slave gangs,
the free citizens of the republic
thrust away into the towns, aliens and
outcasts, in their own country, with
out a foot of soil they could call their
own." lie tried first to restore these
lands to the people by securing laws
providing for their purchase from
their autocratic owners. The ari
tocrats resisted the law and finally
precipitated a riot, in which Tiberius
and three hundred of his friends were
killed.
Gradually the lines were drawn
closer and closer. Every effort made 1
by a trade society, or combination of
the common people, to redress the
wrongs oressed upon them. both by
the government and its favorites, was
met with a counter effort on the part
of those in power to perpetuate the
chains woven around the people.
The ballot ceased to have any effect,
because the courts took just such
views of laws passed in response
to these ballots as suited the
convenience of those who could
afford to pay for the judgment ren
dered by the courts. Money became I
scarce, either by legislation or by t
withholding it from circulation. Then
the people were in despair, and find- I
ing no avenue open to them where
they could secure even a semblance
of justice, attempted to assert their t
rights by force of arms. And this
brought the standing army of Rome t
into use, and, losing confidence in the
senate, and having no respect for the
people, the army was used by ambi
tious men like C:esar, Pompey and s
Crossus to foster the empire 1
upon the people, and so vanished the d
republic forever.
We have made no suggestion of a
parallel between the history of Rome s
and the United States, in these hastily e
written lines, but have left the intel- c
ligent reader to read between the d
lines and make the application him- a
self. If they have been the moses of
inducing some investigation into these
matters, the object is accomplished. g
No man who has taken any notice of b
the legislation of the last 7
thirty years can fail to see
the tendency toward the plutocracy
of this country. The courts are fall
lng into lie. Attempts Upon the
part of the laboring elements of the
country to right wrongs in an organ
lied way have been met with bullets
and the sabre's Ash, and the. Uballot
has lost its power to assert itself. L
The constitution is overridden, and P
all the precedents of the paut are for
gottena in the eaward rushing tide of
imperiaiisa. TTb church steads
rendy to lend its aid in the oterthrow,
a it did in ome, and above all is the a
plUtoratic face of Uamear Grover, the fI
whilom idol of the I)emocratic party, a
as his great prototype Caear was the Il
idol of the Moman people, ready to 0
put the Saishing touch to the rain of t
our government as Cesar did to
om. RB.W. RonEos.
A fact of the Democratii o party
ie now posing free silver resolutians
·ed satit alttlag to Democracy-any
thing to pqeavest the growth of the
hP oi'sperfty. There are a low pe
w w ray etil believe that I ia
to a rottes egg is ie
nSild s than. to take anew one.
A dEiIk e try seek eapsiment a
as Irn a tgpipess more edeierslees
?L . sb sofo'A s*se
.5 .wr -,as -wre
~PYLWhi,·
j upon its merits. but that it was found
that the circuit court having final
jurisdiction, its act was not revers
F able by the supreme court, and there
fore the writ was denied. I expected
a favorable decision, but am not dis
appointed. After the decision by that
'y tribunal upon the income tax bill I am
wf not surprised to see the decision of
«I the loeacr court affirmed in our
case. Iloth decisions are absolutely
in the interest of the corporations,
syndicates and trusts, which domi
W nate every department of the federal
d goerunent, including the supralle
a court.
o 'JefTerson's policy is being literally
c fulfilled. The ,sapers and miners,'
C as he denominate them, are at work
ir undermining the federal republic.
o states rights are practically eliiii
e nated while the right of a citizen to a
d trial by a jury of his peers, vouched
y for by the constitution, is broken
ii down. Every federal judge now con
d stitutes a czar. The decision of the
o supreme court gives thenm autocratic
sway. They can now issue any kind
t of an injunction restraining any mean
from doing anything and then
d deprive him of his liberty after sium
ply going through a farce of
e a nearing before the same judga is
suing the injunction. Railroad corpo
rations may now reduce wages and
n enforce any kind of conditions upon
their employes without fear of their
a resignation. If employes see fit to
0 quit they can be put in jail for exer
I cising this perogative. This infamous
outrage has now the judicial sanction
of the supreme court of the United
States. I shall abide by the decision
with perfect composure, confidently
believing that it will hasten the day
r of public ownership, not only of the
3 railroads, but of all other public t
5 utilities. I view it as the death knell
I of the wage system. In the long run
this decision will prove a blessing to t
the country."
EDITORIAL OPINIONS. c
Government bonds are rightly c
named. They imply bondage of the C
nation and its people. -Topeka Advo- t
cate.
t
The value of patriotism, as of most t
other things, has fallen off great;y
under this administration. -New York n
Recorder.
In addition to being an election n
stealer, it is said that Gov. Turney of t
Tennessee, has livery stable manners e
and a love for booze.-Kansas City t
Journal. n
If the gold policy is so necessary,
how is it that with this very policy t
there has been, as Mr. Carlisle says,
"a great wave of depression?"-St. t
Louis Post-Dispatch. 1
In another ten years, if we do not It
arouse the American people,they will d
be going around in shackeied squads b
with an English master to drive t,
them.-Denver Road.
It is foolish for a railroad employe g
to oppose the farmer in his effort to g
secure better rates, when the com- v
pany has its well paid lobbyists that 1I
do this work for it.-Chicago Indus- 0
trial Herald. S
It isn't alms and sympathy that C
suffering labor wants; it is justice and h
equity in the distribution of the fa
cilities by which to survive the con
ditions that environ its motions of free
agency.-Typographical Journal.
The Rothschilds syndicate, that o
now controls the financial end of the g
government, is arranging for another u
bond issue before congress meets. f4
The reader is urged to remember a
this, and note the process by which s,
the money gang accomplish - this si
sale.-Southern Mercury. si
If congress can, by law, take 60 u
cents worth of silver bullion, and by 04
the act of coining it into a dollar, II
make it worth 100 cents, why can't a
the government make a legal tender I
paper dollar? This is the question u
the free silver Democrats will have c
to answer in the near future.-Green- i
vill Indopendent h
If Jesus Christ had lived to the Ist
of Jaaaury, 1896, and saved $1 a day
from .the day he was born, Sunday
and all, he would only have accumu
lated P/02,990-a sum less than $1,- '
000,000. Then, for the politicians to
tell workingmen the reason they are
not rich is because they do not save a
their money, sounds pretty thin to a
man who stops and sizes up the situa- a
tion.--Rollroader. tI
It i sLd.
It seems sad to confess It, but il
osa't be helped. Of all the fools thaI si
exist, some compare with those who Ii
are out for reform, or think they re. iL
The silver forces, are a howling, hum- I
Iry mob. while plutocracy's forces
a organised, well-fed id united.-
i di o ms st I  er mae
I lll i illaemilmUez, Imhw; I
h ,. es- s -. ith.. eg a re
-s k r aimO ilremr·a to -anee
SEEIK YE THE TiL'""H.
3-
HAVING FOUND IT. THEN GO
AND TELL IT.
lonm. Wlltam s I. tlt!ton (C;i' tihe Law
oil Silver C'on gn e it, I n hows. that the
r (io!dbugs I0o Not 3ilin.l 'elltig a Little
Tlinin Like a lie.
Tlhere corns to be an honest desire
among the people to more closely ex
amine the position of the various par
ties, e.apecially upon the money qies
tion, which is forging to the front as
the niuest on of questlOns in the next
ca ass. 'ltie money power will con
tinue to ,resetnt a fal e face to the
a people and make themi believe that
d which'l is not true. I propo)se to give
n your readers a glance at the truth of
t history in this gold and silver matter,
e and put them on their guard. T'he
money power, through the press, call
tlthemselves bimuetallists. and say they
t favor gold as standardi money, and
n the very largest !ossible use of silver
that can be maintained on a parity
with gold. I think the above is a fair
statement of thecir position. If that
does not state them fairly they cannot
be, and are not bimuetallist,, for gold
alone is used for money, and silver
r only as tokens representing money.
That being, so. why use paper at ail:'
Paper can be used to represent
money just as well as silver. costs
much less. and is more convenient to
handle. If they are correct, then as
said, there is no use for silver at all,
for paper would easily till its place.
()n the contrary those who favor
the free coinage of silver also favor
the free coinage of gold, and fix the
ratio between the two metals. In
other words, they propose to go back
to the lav of 179m2, and make :i71
grains of pure silver adollar, the unit
of value and make gold radiate around
that dollar as our fathers did. It is
claimed by the money poiwer that this
country has been on a gold basis all
the time, and that silver was not de
monetized in 1M73, but in fact, met
thit fate in 1S53, and that
the l'opulists are naking false
statements, and that the sound
money men are holding to the truth
in this matter. Newspapers make
many statements upon the presump
tion of the ignorance of their read
era, but what I state here reference
to authority will be given, so the
newspapers can learn what the truth
is, and if they will, they may give
their readers the truth. Now, go
with me and open Bright's Digest of
the Laws of the United States. page
151, and there will be found the law
of 1792 in regard to coinage, etc. This
law says "*Eagles to be the value of ten
dollars or units; half eagles each to
be of the value of five dollars: quar
ter eagles each to be of the value of
two dollars and a half dollar," and
giving the amount or number of
grains of gold in each to make the
value named! But now comes thedol
lar or the unit of measure. *"Dollars
or units each to be of the value of a
Spanish milled dollar as the same is
current now, and to contain three
hundred and seventy-one grains and
four-sixteenth parts of a grain. of
pure, or four hundred and sixteen
grains of standard silver," and half
dollars in silver to contain one-half
the amount, and quarter dollars
one-fourth the amount, and all, both
gold and silver, were made a legal
tender for any amount, and also many
foreign coins of gold and silver were
made a legal tender at certain values,
so you see that 371| grains of pure
silver coined into a dollar of standard
silver was made the dollar." the
unit of measure in April, 1792, and
continued so to be until 1873, when
Mr. Shorman changed the unit of
measure to gold. This will be found
on page 70u, Sec. 3511 Revised Stat
utes of the United States. Now they
claim that silver was demonetized in
1853 and not in 1873. In 1853 the
half, quarter and dimes of silver were
reduced in weight from one-half of
3711 for the half dollar to 192 grains
Instead of 208 grains of standard sil
ver, and these small coins-halves,
quarters, dimes and half-dimes-were
made a legal tender for #5 only, but
the dollar remained a legal tender for
any amount. See Bright's Digest,
pp. 152, 153. These statutes and facte
nail to the counter all false represen
tations of the monometallists who
fight for gold alone as a money metaL
If the gold dollar were the unit of
measure up to 1873, why the neces
sity to re-enact the law in that year?
It is very easy to tell the truth when
it serves one purpose to do so, but
the trunth just now is not an excellent
and effective weapon in the hands of
the gold monometalists. It burts; it
cuts their argument. to pieces; it ex
poes their deceptions; it throws
light iLa dark places and removes the
boards they have put over the eyes
of the people. .Tell the trauth, hew to
.the lie, faoe the foe, unmask the de
,oeiver, inform the people, and all will
be well!-W. M. Walton in Southern
Trhs Us the Cestate.
We all remember what s etlive
Iaeet the mUatioul baker m Iast
Cleveland to consider and legislato
upon the finances. Georgians will
not forget how the bank or!cials
dlooded the malls of our reprcoenta
ti\es with "honest money'' argu
mecnts in favor of the repeal of the
purchasing clauso of the Sher-man
act, and then to hurry home.
'ini;.ar tactics were employed by
the bankers in other states upon
their congressmen. The banker..
perhaps, should not be censured so
much as the weak cengresmen who
did their bidding.
'There are about l;),V national
banks in: the I'nited State. whose of
lic.iai want to handle "-honest
money.'" T'here are 31), bankers and
bank ollicials in the prisons of New
York for stealing "honest money.
\e do not know how many of these
diisiples of -honest money"' are in
the other prisons of the country and
foreign lands, but if there were fewer
in congress and more in prisons, the
American people wouid soon ecttle
the currency question.
The stealage last year by this
favored class of citi/cns amounted to
over .3,( I) i.,)u--.'honest money"be
longing, to depositors, etc.
\\arden Hayes of the Kings county,
New York, prison says there are in
the various prisons of that state 3II)
bank presidents, cashiers and bank
o:licials. The bankers are the "*class"
who with to control the financial sys
temn of Amer'.a. 'They are of the
class which invited President Cleve
land to ban!uect, and through whom
they issued their political marnfestos.
They are of the cla.s which enter
tained speaker Crisp and the secre
tary of the treasury: they are of the
class which called the Mrmunhis con
vention and before whom Secretary
C(arlisle appeared and speechified;
they are of the cla. awhich cry out
for -honest money,i'' 'loiuscat hieth
odis and "*honest government." It
is about time now for the bankers to I
take a back seat in politics and culti
\'ate an acquaintance with the eighth 1
commandment. - Atlanta l'eocle's Par"
ty Paper.
Two Ilrave IIlonet Men.
Associate Justices Harlan and
lBrown,in dissenting from the decision
of the U.nited .States supreme court in
the great income tax cases, in part
said:
'W'hile I have no doubt that con- I
gross will find some means of sur
mounting the present crisis, my fear 1
is that in some moment of national
peril this decision will rise up to
frubtate its will and paralyze its arm.
I hope it may not prove
the first step toward the 1
submergence of the liberties
of the people in the sordid despotism I
of wealth. "Believing, as I do, that I
the decision of the court mn this great I
case is fraught with immeasurable
danger to the future of the country
and approaches the proportions of a
national calamity, I feel it a duty to C
enter my protest against it."-Jus- e
tice Harlan.
*-This decision may well excite the r
gravest apprehension. It strikes at Q
the very foundation of national au
thority, in that it denies to the gen
eral government a power which is, or t
may at some time in a great emerg- c
ency like that of war, become vital to
the existence and preservation of the r
union."-Justice Brown.
Rather Amaustg.
It is amusing to hear the gold ad- `
vocates picture the awful consequen
ces that would flow from the return ,
to a bimetallic standard. They seem c
to think that the people are such 11
fools that they do not remember how I1
prosperous the times were when bi- j
metallism was the policy and t
know how hard they are a
now when we have a single
gold standard. Sometimes the ,
people do act as if they were pretty ,
dull of comprehension, and so the idea
that they may have forgotten that a
they had good times in the days of bi- h
metallism might be excused. But a
man will have to be deal, dumb, blind
and an idiot besides not to know that
times are hard in these days of a b
single gold standard. Hence the ap
ipealing tones of the single gold advo
cate, describing beds of roses for
everybody, if their views are perma c
nently adopted, and prophesying la
shuck mattresses, or worse, for every
body if bimetallism Is restored, might L
sound Pickwicklan, if we did not tl
know that they had all the earnest
ness of sordid greed behind them.- tl
Evansville Courier (D)em). t
Yees, Why? :
Wonder why business doesn't boom '
a little faster? The '"credit of all the
western states has been redeemed, c
labor has been protected, the sacred, ol
vested rights of the bondholder, the w
alien landlord, the tax-dodgers and w
the trust magnates have been sur- c(
rounded by all the necessary environ- di
ments; the "*honest dollar" of the t
usurer has been indorsed and there
seems to be nothing left to hinder the
boom.-Woodbine (Is.) Sentinel
That's igs* p
Of course the interest shirks of t
Europe, who live off the nluestrial t
dclases of this sad other countries, U
d-m't want silver to be coined. They m
w-st dlar W be sesr-o-Topeke
Mwmt~ S
II !LEI) BY WEAILTHY,
a- ALTGELD'S ARRANGEMENT OF
SUPREME COURT JUDGES.
Illintity of Riche Ite R'ogliedi andI a
v Curne Ilreathed A.tatlrr Enterprire Iby
S tile Inimonei-' T l -- I inion-M mor.t I
duenl Fl(ed by t h(e Attorncy--(.e·lrall.
S A Springfiehld. Ill.. sjpecal says: Gov.
Al.'g' ll gave ouit a;n inter\ i ew tocida
(Idenouncinlg the United States SupreII)'
court for the income tax dlec"ioon. liti
dI mys:
The court has held the law to Ih
void in so far as it affects the I:hrge real
e~tte owners, such as the A:;tors, o
New York, and has also hehi it to h,
void in| so far as it affects the rich
r lbondhohlers of the east. lBut the rt
S l;aindier is sustained, tile court holding
that the business and produtcing class.,
must pay the income tax. It is all a
i quest ion of contittit onal constrlction
Sand as this di peinds on opinion or ioj
ut ice, one is retmitded of the dii:tit
goished Englishman who, in speaking
of tile court of chancery, s.aid that tiic
a Proceedings were all a matter of con
, science, and as the conscietnces of the
k dire'.lrc chancelilors varied as nmuch
as the size of their feet, so did their
Sd(leci::ions on any question. Now, the
a con:,tituron of the United State.- has
been construed in more different ways
a than all the judges togethter had feet.
but always in harmony with what wa.,
the controlling influrence or power of
the tines. Before the war the slave
e power and the south dominateid the
(-court. Since the war concentrated
v we::lth and the easLt has dominated the
; court, and the time will come when jius
Stice arnd the great Mississippi valley
i- ill dominate the court.
t "'Tiis particular decision recognz',s
u tlIe divinity of wealth by exempting it
from taxation, and it breathes a cut:-se
L against enterprise by making it Ibar
- all the burdens of government. But it
is in harmony with that passage of
rcriptutre which says that "for he that
hath, to him shall be given;: and he that
d hath not, from his shall be taken even
a that which he hath." And it is in per
n feet accord with the Republican and
,t Mugwump theory of government now
being applied in this country, and, as
this decision is in favor of New England
and a few eastern cities, and against
r the rest of America, it is also in har
d mony with what will soon be recog
0 nized as the sixteenth amendment to
the constitution, which declares that a
a gilded vestibule is no more important
a than the remainder of the house, that
the interests of the east are paramount
a to the Interests of the rest of the coun
t try. It also shows that at least two of
t the co-ordinate branches of our gov
e ernment receive their inspiration at the
/ same altar.
I "You remember that the president
opposed the Income tax and would not
sign the tariff bill, and Mr. Wilson,
who represented him in congress, op
posed the income tax. Congress, how
ever, knowing that almost every civil
Ized country had an income tax, and
believing It to be the most just form of
r taxation, and having no doubt about its
constitutionality, passed the measure,
both Republicans and Democrats sup
porting it. For a time there was bitter
ness in the camp of Mammon, but the
Supreme court has come to tile rescue,
and now the Standard Oil kings, the
Wall street people, as well as the rich
mugwumps, are again happy. To be
sure, the great business and producing
classes are not relieved; their burden
is made a little heavier, and the whip
lhas made a new welt on their backs, I
but what of it? In fact, what are they
there for, If not to bear the burdens
and to be lashed?
"But this decision is radically defect
Ive in a number of particulars. (1) It
should contain a panegyric on the ma
jesty of the law and the exalted char- I
acter of eternal justice. (2) It should I
have contained a stinging rebuke to i
the growing discontent of the times.
(3) It should contain a declaration in
favor of gold, for if the interest on
bonds is divine and so sacred that not
a cent of it can be used to help bear
the burdens of government, then the
court should see to it that this sacred
houRehold god of the east shall never I
suiffer profanation by having the rim
of its eyes made silvery. But it would j
be unreasonable to expect the court to I
think of everything. Besidcs, it will t
have other opportunities from time to
time to solidify our institutions and to
teach patriotism by coming down with
terrific force on some wretch whose vul
garity and unpatriotic character will be
pt-oven by the fact that he is poor.
"The decision, however, suggests a
more important question to the Ameri
can people. You know that the judges
of the Supreme court when in session
wear large black gowns, such as were
worn in the middle ages. In other
countriec and in other times this was
done to make little men seem great. In
this country it is done to impress the
populace with the infallibility of the C
*ourt. Now, as. these xowns are not
very th'icl'k, and as some people might I
be able to, see through them, and as
tome of our business people may be un- u
patriotic enough to question the jus- x
tice of having to pay a large incoeme I
tax while the rich pay nothing, aml as (
there las danger that some of thosar mea
may doubt the infallibility of the cotrt.
would it not be well to have each judge
we_ two was for awhU, attI thL
.·-"  .. . .C
AFTER THIRTY YEARS.
THE BUCKEYE STATE CONTRIB.
F UTES THIS STORY.
How Fred Taylor, of the Gallant 189tb
N. Y., f. .. Final:ly 'ouud
What lie So,.ghit.
,, (From the Asht;laiula, (i I:. :taon )
Mr. Fred'',+lT; h l rwas h, rn anI ,l"rugtht
uip near Elmihra, N. Y., and frI, th.lru
Penlisted in the 1 ~:ith r. ximn. nt. N Y., V.
I.. with which h he % ,lit tiihru. Ii th.- w-ar,
il.iand saw rui\ t h hai s;r . i. \\ to
vx x "o.sur. and hatlrdship~, deIrI. t the- sr
ivice, M r. Taylor ,ntr;t t.t.I c'hr , i..,
diarrhoea from whic-h hie i.t i lu-ft-red
I now outr 3t) > r.''s. with ; l:tt,>.l , ly nio,
It hlip from n -hysi.ians. I:%y atItii, htn
was ta wonderfully TIgi-,,t- s iii. . I. I
he not be -n his dilseis an. Iti L , t I' , ri1
Inernts of the dlu ttrs h;t kill, I hl in 1 iiig
t ago. L] ulanIut wal l the n"tic 1i n 1,
it which aftforld d hhi ri lif. .- I 1 ;iol t r
tibl o head. i.-h s hi. I riiS, n w1, sTh, t -
'--red, he .,u.ii ! 1i ,,t !I-"'-i . ill i tur ii .l1.v
.n an aVeraI e. : ol b s" " td u *I ,i,, t is
Sskt-loton. A yet-: a;"., hi lin I Li. stio
S s ugliht ri-litf in a changii ,,f . lirn.t i. at tnl
rim.ioved to t ineva, ( hi i; ]ilt tl
S chtlange in hIt:ilth ca(it li it . n -..,lly o,
a the r..-i---n o l-t i tti "n .f I'. .1. }1-ll'ft r,
the leading drtitg'l.t u, ,i,.n t i., whin
wvas c-,,nizant of sinnilli- -la- whi."h
" Pink I Ills h;ad ci uri-., Mr. l'a 1,-r was
I- persuaded to try a. ix. "As a dr.witn
ing man grasps a straw s I- ',k ithe
t pills," says Mr. Ta;ilr, h but s.ith n-i
monre hope (of r-(s-u.-. ielL ;ftr thirty
years of suffering anid tfritl.-.s s. ,r,-i
r for relief I at last fuil it in l ir. will.
S- lams' Pink Pills. Ti- day alit.r I took
the first pills I comm-nl e-ll to f.I"l hlitter
r and wh-en I hadl taken lthi. list box I
c was in fact a new mat." That was
-I two months ago. Mr. T.a I ir hals sin-s
takt-en more of the pills anll his I' ro.'ess
is steady and he s the lt lli,.st crin
t. lidence r i them. 11i has ie.taintlI full
_ )contlrol of his nerves aital ind - . I , as s .ll
f as in his youth. ('olor is ,,liling Ia-k
to his parched veins and he is gainling
flesh and strength ralpidly. 110- is now
. able to do considerable I utid., -r w-, rk.
d As he con ,'lud.Idl narrating. his siuffr
ings, etxlerienci'ni a l cu(ire to ai I;,.t,--n
Sre'lportter Mrs. Taylor sati she
wished to ul I r th-i iestintiny in
t faltor of Pink Pills. "'To the 1iills al-ne
is due the cr-edit of raising M.r-. Ta; )lr
from a helpllss invalidi to the tlaln lie is
to-day." said iMrs. Taylor. 11.tl. Mr.
it and Mrs. Taylor can not tini w. arils to
, expr"-vs the gratitude, they fetl 1 r rIom
mrmnd tn, highly Pink Pills t, suffY ring
humanity. Any inqulries addrh-ss dl to
it them at G(nea, h:,, regard~ling Mr.
f Taylor's case they will chc.-rfullly an
tswer as they are anxious that the wlt. ol
world shall know what Pink Pills have
t done for them.
n Dr. \Villiams' Pink Pills contain all
- the elements necessary to give new lifo
and richness to the l),1oo andl restore
shattered nerv-es. The-y are for sale by
all druggists, or may ihe had by mail
s from Dr. Williams' Meililn i'-i nlimpaniy,
d Sche-nectady, N. Y., for 5U cents per box,
or six boxes for $2.50.
It is claimed that there are fifty
five dogs in the United Kingdom to
o every 1000 inhabitants.
BROAD TIRE WAGONS.
it
there Is No Reason Why They Should
Not Be Used Everywhere.
While the subject of good roads is~ be
Ing agitated in every part of the country
those most Interested in the subject are
e doing their best to make bad roads
still worse by using narrow tires on
t their wagons. Heavy loads are drawn
t over our mud roads on these narrow
tired wagons and deep ruts cut into
them, that in wet weather make them
almost, and sometimes entirely, im
passable. I have a sort of a pity for
a man who urges his team along a
muddy road, all the time grumlling
about the badness of It, when lie might
reduce the labor of his team from one
third to one-half by using wide tires at
very little additional cost to himself
and to the great saving of team and
temper. It is to be hoped that the first
legislation looking to the Improvement
of the roads of the country will be in the
way of encouraging the use of wide
tires, for one narrow-tired wagon will
do more damage than a dozen with
wide tires if the roads are at all soft.
I No one disputes the philosophy of wide
tires, and no one seems to have any
good reason to offer why they should
not be used. Our farmers simply fol
low precedent and go on using narrow
tires because their fathers did before
them. Lumbermen and freighters use
wide tires almost universally and save
money by doing so, but It seems that
farmers do not care to economize In
this direction. The condition of our
roads costs us more than any other
single item of waste in this country,
and the common use of wide tires
would reduce this waste of energy to
a large extent.--Amerlcan Farmer and
Farm News.
A Conlfelsion Neressary.
A curious point in Swedish crimi
nal law is that confession is necessary
before a capital sentence can by car
ried out. if, however, the culprit
persist in protesting his innocence in
the face of overpowering evidence,
the prison disciplin is made extremely
strict and severe until the desired
confession is obtained.
All a Notlon.
Schlegel, who lectured in Latin at
the age of 72, had a peculiar stimu
lant. He always had his snuff-box in
his hand, as without It he fancied he
could not get on.
"'arblde of CaL'iamiL.
*,Carbide of Calcium," which can
now be produced by the ton, is a
combination of coal (carbon) and lime.
The combination takes place when
the two substance are heated together.
If water is dropped on the compound
so produced and a match applied the
resultant gas will burn until the water
Is xhausted. It is feared by some
and hoped by others that the discov
ery is revolutionary, as the gas burns
with a ame ,,which makes an olic
trioe light look a dull yellow," sad |t