Wet Generally Know.
It is not commonly known that the
capital of China is ice-bound for five
months out of the twelve, or that the
stolid-looking Chinese could ever be
graceful skaters. The Chinese use a
very inferior style of skate, of their
own manufacture-a mere chunk of
wood arranged to tie on the shoe and
shod with a rather broad strip of iron
Lookere On.
Foreigners traveling in India can
not fail to be impressed with the
crowds of natives to be found at every
railway station. As a rule the peo
ple have no idea of time, but they
have learned that trains do not wait
for tardy passengers, so they begin to
gather hours before the time for the
trains to leave.
It coots more to satisfy vice than to feed
a family.
The sincere man is like fine gold, he can
be tested.
Does He Chew or Smoke?
If so It is only a question of time when bright
r es' grow dimn malll steps lose firmness, and
ti,' vigor and vitality so enjoyable now be
destroyed forever. Get a book, titled "Don't
'lToacco Spit or Smoke Your Life Away," and
learn how No To-Bac,without physical or finan
,al1 risk, cures the tobacco habit, brings back
the rigorous vitality that will make you both
ha? py. No-To-Bac sold and guaranteed to cure
Iy lDruggists everywhere kBook free. Address
'terling Remedy (:o. New York t itv or Cicago.
limen For Land.
For heavy land there are few bet
ter correctives or disintegrators than
lime. It is also useful on light soils.
but on clays and marls its effect is
most marked. A moderate quantity
sprinkled over the clods of clay in
trenching will cr'mble them up as
nothing else will do except frost.
FITS--.%11 Ptt stopped fre by Dr. K line's Great
Nerve Resto,rer. o lits after the nrit day's use.
Marveiul cur-.'. Treatise. ndi trlia tl t,,ti,: rt,
Fit ,ases. tend to Lar. Kline,Klt Archbt., hila., l'a.
Some men are possibly wise because they
are poor.
If the Baby Is Ctting Teeth.
be rarv sad ue that old and well-tried remedy, nas.
Watalszow's bormuso STarr for Children Teething.
Families with babies, and families with
out babies, are sorry for each other.
Always Tired
Describes a dangerous condition, because
it means that the vitality is becoming ex
hausted by reason of impoverished blood.
Give new life to the vital fluid and the
nerves and muscles will grow stronger.
IIood's Sarsaparilla gives strength, because
it makes pure, rich blood. Remember
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is the only true blood purifier prominently
in the public eye today. $1 ; six for $5.
Hood's Pills ', aeter'h,"ste p.and
Met
Wheel
f to your
We on
san a m.
."' te
ora wid.
rumes Oas at
Vm.paer
ASK YOUR DltQT FOR
l ea low wbee
, Tile BEST ,
DyspepticDelicaterInfirm and
AGED PERSONS
* gen c~ars a sons, lea vwe. *
Costi ationa , headache, allo
ekta, pains ln tck or loins, bind
b. reth, ofappetite, hil
and fever, fux. Collins Agne d
Cune ·ts already on the liver a
as for tha seomplainot Thr¶
er tour dou will show its wan- 11
deal earative efecta a
*• B T
F1O
DysppicDiadtenf and
pe
NOTHING BUT BLOOMERS GO.
We Woma Physician of New York Says
8 Skirts Must Give Way.
'e "As regards the matter of costume,"
a said a woman doctor of New York to a
r Tribune reporter, "I think the long
skirt is bound to go. It looks out of
place on a bicycle and is certainly
much In. the way. The truth of the
matter is that no costume which can be
devised is going to make women ap
e pear at their best on a bicycle. The
y very position that they assume and the
constant movement of the limbs up and
y down prohibits a graceful appearance.
t The delight of the exercise, however,
o more than compensates for any draw
e back of this kind, and most wheel
women are willing enough to look even
d awkward in order to enjoy the sport.
The impression seems to prevail that
for a woman bicyclist to decry slirts
is to proclaim herself unfeminine,
somewhat more immodest than her
conventional sisters. I say that such
is not the case. In my opinion, for a
e woman to ride in bloomers, with a
skirt over them, which is constantly
blowing up and showing the bloomers
beneath, is far more indelicate than for
the bloomers to be in evidence from the
start. The wearing of the skirt sug
gests that there is something to con
ceal, and where the bloomers are worn
it is a frank intimation that the "tder
recognizes the nature of her undertak
ing and has dressed herself appropri
ately. As regards the display of a
V woman's ankle, I do not see why it is
I aiore vulgar than to show her arms
9 and part of her spinal column in even
ing dress. There would be nothing
vulgar in a woman's sitting with her
foot up if she had on a divided skirt
gathered at the knee, or even bloomers,
but when she has an ordinary flowing
skirt and elevates her foot ever so little
the aspect is entirely different.
"One can see an illustration of this
subtle difference at any time in view
ing sculpture. There is a calm nobil
ity, a dignity, about the simple pose of
the undraped Venus that the figure
which stands in a conscious, shrinking
bttitude lacks altogether. It is the ad
mission that there is anything to con
ceal which suggests vulgarity when the
drapery is by Iccident disarranged.
At the costume show in Madison
Square garden there were lay figures
dressed in cycling costumes in order to
show the various styles. Passers-by
invariably turned up the short skirt of
one of these images in order to exam
ine the unique leather binding on the
bottom. That short skirt was only a
lay figure, but there was vulgar sug
gestion in its being lifted, which did 1
I not pertain at all to the bloomer suits, I
or even to those with knickerbockers.
I think if this public difference could I
be made clear to the people there would
be less hue and cry made about bicycle I
costumes. I do not think that woman I
will ever resign her flowing skirts for I
the drawing-room or the ordinary vo
cations of life, but when she goes out
to take part in active sports she should I
dress appropriately. I fail to see wberc
the long skirt worn when ridng a bi
cycle conveys the idea of modesty. In
the firet place, the motion of the limbs,
which it is intended to conceal, it
shows much more plainly than the
bloomers or full trousers. As a woman t
sits on a bicycle the plain front
breadths of the skirt ft smoothly over
the knees; no other skirt is usually
worn beneath it, and the. paddling up
and down of the limbs looks anything
but graceful. There are few accidents
from long skirts; one seldom hears of f
any, but it is because the wearers are "
extremely careful. A woman wearing e
a long street skirt on a bicycle looks C
to me as much out of place as a yacht-.
ing suit would appear at a ball or a a
cycling costume at a reception." p
Plasat versenus Smas Na. p
There was a curious little incident a
at Saturday's Pop. It was a struggle k
between a pianist and a mupamn man. i
The pianist was on the platform; the k
munp man was in the street. 'The '
name of the former was 8auer; theIi
mumn man's name has not appeared. d
Herr Sauer went in first and led offrt
with the opening bars of a Chopin fan
tasui. Then the muamn man began and
contlnued. His note was monotonous b
but penetrating, and in the preoence of
a very large audience the German
frankly admitted defeat by taking his
hand from the keyboard. A few more 0
peals from the bell just emphasised vic
tory; the sound grew feebler and more
distant and then the fantasia was re
sumed. Some people like music and h
others like mufns. Certainly It should
be arranged between this and next 8at
urday which is to have the'dominion a
at St.8 James' hall.
New York hase olcially aenounced
that her population is lJust 1i849.
That settle a leon-vexed queetion. p
Chlcago is the largest city in the
United States, the largest in the west- c
eran hemisphere, and the third largest
city in the world. This is how the ic
eitle stand with their present popul.- ,
ties: 14
onion............ ,,... ..4<,o50,*
ows .....r....... ... ......s,1 ,oot
Cestts...... ............1.000,000
Derln....................... 1,579,244 w
Vmin .. .... ..,.. ..... .... U6,46s8
Toie*....................1.,300,3 1
Phileluhi. ,* * .... ..., U... g0.4
Amins the emssitee et citrepa
r1ta he em um a ti* le them um
i them , are esmpedsd e arbtem
padam-Fr aS tihe shae ta
snite ah u a hae o a
tm CI r m--0m na
Throat Paralysis.
ts (Prom the Courier-Herald, Saginaw, Mche.)
It was publicly talked all over Clare
County for some time before the Cou
, rier-Herald sent a reporter to Dover to
.g investigate the Coulter matter. He
f finally went, and we publish to-day his
report. 'the Coulters are prominent
people, though Mrs. C. In response to
the question whether she objected to be
ing interviewed, said, "Certainly not."
- Her story follows: "About 14 years ago
e we decided to take up our abode in
e Dover and everything went along
d smoothly for seven years, business
progressed and being of a saving temrn
. p- .ment we accumulated quite an
r, amount. Our family increased as the
Syears rolled by and we now have 5
children, but sickness made Its way into
our household, and doctors' bills flooded
n upon us. until we have nothing left but
our home and our children. Everything
went to satisfy the claims of physicians.
"About three years ago I had a miser
.s able feeling at the back of my ears, my
right hand became paralyzed and the
paralysis extended to my arm and
r throat, and would affect my head and
h eyes. Sometimes for days I would lose
a my sight, my face was deformed, life
a less as it were, my nose was drawn to
one side and I presented a pitiable ap
y Iparance and never expecting to regain
s my natural facial expressions. I em
er ployed the best physicians that could be
procured, expending thousands of dol
e lars for their services, but could not ob
tain relief. At last, they stated my
case was beyond the reach of medical
skill and it would be but a short time
until the end would come. In con
nection with receiving the attendance
of physicians I have tried every medi
cine known to the apothecary but
never received any relief until Dr.
Williams' Pink Pills came to my as
Ssistance. Before I had taken half of
, the first box the deformity in my face
had left me, and before four boxes had
been consumed the paralysis had disap
g peared entirely and much to my sur
r prise I felt like a new woman. I have
not taken any medicine since last spring
just about a year ago and my trouble
* has not appeared since. I owe my
g health, my life to Dr. Williams' Pink
e Pills.
"A short time since my little boy John
was afflicted with St. Vitus' dance. He
S could not walk across the room without
assistance, in fact he would fall all over
himself, but after taking a few boxes of
Pink Pills. St. Vitus' dance entirely left
him, and no trace of it is left. These
e Pills are worth their weight in gold.
g You may say in this connection that I
am willing at any time to make affidavit
to the truth of these statements, and
furthermore I will answer any commu
e nication concerning my case.
Pink Pills contain all the elements
necessary to give new life and richness I
M to the blood and restore shattered
a nerves. They are for sale by all drug
gists. or may be had by mail from Dr.
Williams' Med. Co., Schenectady, N Y..
Y for 50 cents per box, or six boxes for
S;2.54&
Growing Young.
e A 77-yea.-old citizen of Great Falls.
a Wash., is undergoing a peculiar pro
- cess of physical regeneration. About
Sa year ago he contracted pneumonia,.
i, and his life was for sometime despair
i. ed of, the doctors saying his right
j lung was hopelessly wasted. He re
j covered, however; but when just able
a to hobble about he fell and broke his
thigh bone, and was confined to the I
r hospital again for six months. Since
. leaving, however, his physical condi
t tion has improved remarkably. His
lungs began to open up until they
become almost as well as ever; his
skin shed off and a new skin grew.
and hair and beard which was snow
white, are coming out a jet black.
t His limb, and muscles have limbered
up, and he started a week or so since,
t to take a herd of young horses across
ta long trail to market. He says, if
he continues to grow young, he will
r get married again and grow up with t
the country. -
Another Collector.
In all places there are cranks who
f pick up things they do not need-all
sorts of bric-a-brac, stamps, pictures
and what not--and they are usually
called collectors. Philadelphia has as
harmless, white-haired old man who
1 goes all over town searching for hair
pins. His eyes are bright and pierc
ing, and as he walks up and down the 0
prominent thoroughfares it is safe to a
1 say that hardly a hairpin escapes bis 1
i keen gaze. What becomes of the '
large assortment he picks up, nobody e
knows, for, although he has been
asked his object several times, he re. t
fuses to telL The old man is well
dressed, and his appearance indicates I
that be is cared for by loving hands. Y
Happy old man! He is satisfied with o
the hairpins, and should not be denied a
his pleasure. h
Qalte A Change
Jim Fisk was worth about $2,000,. a
000 when he was killed by Ed Stokes. c
Now Fisk's widow lives in an humble re
frame house in the Boston tenement h
dbtrict on an income of (60 a month.
Even that is not derived from her
husband's fortune. It comes from
property owned by her family. Fisk's
estate has completely vanished.
We wish we understood the money h
question well enough to be able to save up 0
a little. P
A French WarehesLe.
A new warehouse has been built in n
Paris with glass floors. The initial hI
cost is considerably over that of the si
ordinary floor, but, in view of ihe s
fact that toughened glasue is so much
longer lived than wood, the experi- ii
meet is likely to prove cheaper in the a
long run.
Lakue se Geod fee rlsh.
It is claimed that Lake Erie pro
duces more fish to the equare mile
than any other body of water in the
world.
"setwd" Jaeeet. el
Cockroaches are never wittingly
elain by Chinamen. They consider tl
them sacred iusects, and think it por- i
teeds ill look to step on them. As b
they nver make say elort to exter- o;
minact them. the Chinese quarter.
me usually overrun with these pests.r
Lull. Bassell, who is speeding the *
sema o LJonI•g Island, has rented
a yeht mred Take Me. According
t  ari, menIa rroord. lliais
A NEW WANT.
The Pemlnine Desire For and aduonleseo
In Afternoon Tea.
There Is no doubt that the now almost
o universal practice of drinking tea in
* the afternoon has created a new human
want, and thereby decreased the de
pendence of mankind upon external
conditions of happiness. It has re
moved the race one step further from
o the tub of Diogenes and added another
a link to that ever-lengthening chain of
s use and want with which we are bound.
Whether the habit is or is not a physi
a cally injurious one, is not worth dis
* puting. The question is, upon which,
as, indeed, every other question of
d dietary, the truth is beyond the power
t of the human facilities to determine.
I The most careful investigation oftmedi
cal opinion yields results of no more
1 significance than the fact that tea
e drinking in the afternoon is severely
condemned by all doctors who do not
indulge in it themselves. Nor is much
additional light thrown upon the mat
ter by the confident assurances of other
medical experts that its mischievous
effects may be largely mitigated, if not
e wholly neutralized, by eating thin
bread and butter. This belief may be
held as a "pious opinion," but the phil
I osopher will probably argue that to
a spoil his dinner for fear of impairing
his digestive power, would be to sacri
fice the end to the means. And this
argument will apply, of course, with a
fortiori cogency to a proposal to amend
f the 5 o'clock program by inserting the
word "beef" before the word "tea."
If lunch has been described as an "In
suit" to the meal which has preceded
ia t, and an "injury" to that which is to
follow, this unholy pract'ice of bouil- ý
Ilon swilling in the afternoon must de
serve to be qualified in still harsher
terms. Its reflections upon the ade
quacy of lunch may be less outrageous
t than those of lunch upon breakfast,
but the blow which it aims at dinner
will be delivered at closer quarters.
Where, moreover, is the line to be
drawn? asks a London exchange. If
soup In the afternoon, why
not fish? Nay, why not "the
eggs and the ham, and the
raspberry jam" of the vicar's hos
pitable teatable in "The Sorcerer?" The
door will have been opened, the thin
edge of the wedge-at first, no doubt,
in the apparently innocent form of
"fingers" of dry toast-will have been
introduced, and before we are well
aware of it we shall find ourselves in- I
volved in a riot of muffins and crum
pets, or wallowing in the rude plenty of
that disastrous meal known to the dar
ing spirits who habitually grapple with i
it as "high tea."
I MONEY MADE BY WOMEN. t
F) treles Who VIe with Men In Outwit
ting Uncle Sam.
Chief Hazen, the head of the Secret l
Service of the treasury department, is
now in Canada, whither he has gone to
extradite the noted woman counter- t
feiter, Mrs. Mack. There is no doubt a
that she will be convicted and sent to t
the penitentiary for her crimes. a
Mrs. Mack is not the only woman who I
is under the arm of the law for this of
tense, for there are at least half a dozen
more who have been caught "shoving
the queer" during the past twelve b
months. Very few women make the
bogus money, and almost the only part
they play, as a rule, is to pass it. The
men make the stuff and the women take
it out to shop with, and thus get it into
circulation. But if a woman is ones b
suspected she is easily caught, because
her sphere of action is so much more
limited than that of a man. Anna
Kelly of San Francisco is about the
only woman, except Mrs. Farran, whol
makes the money herself. Her method
is to imitate the coins of the country.
This is done by having an alloy cov
ered with silver, and by putting glass
and a bit of copper into the composi
tion, the weight and metallic ring of
the genuine money are admirably imi.
tated. All of the pictures of theseC
women are in a huge case in the room
of the Secret Service division. One
weman so decidedly objected to having
herself photographed that she was
sketched while in court, and the pen
aad-ink drawing is now preserved
among the other photographs of the
collection. As a rule, the women are
rough in appearance and illiterate, and C
have hard countenances.
A Qestlio of Womisheds
Bashful bachelor, nervous ann fid
gety, trying to remember a speech he
had been rehearsing for an hour previ
ously. Helpful maid, anxious and ex
pectant.
B. B.-My dearest, --I have long
wished to tell you that I am full-I
mean my heart was full-my palpitat
ing heart-I-I-mean your-your
smiles, dearest-rwould shed-would
shed
H. M.-Perhaps, dear, we could live
in a fiat at first, then we should not need
a woodshed.
The all important date was fixed
within five mlnutes.-Minneapolis Jour
nal.
Balid the Beef rIt.a
In the winter the Japanese will not
wear half as much clothing as a for
signer. But then the natural Japan
ese do everythlng by contrariti, viewed
througha a Amerlean's eyes. For In
stanes, it root is the first part of the
house they build. This is constructed
on the grpounad and then the house is
mlt under it, the root being raised
's the optmiotton goes on. This is
lone in the eeuntrction of houses with
severl dttories a well as thoee ith
onae
Upuight sImplbty is the deepest vi
de sad perverse ralt thn meret
sha-cwum -Darrow
!d~er
yO BSe6LYna
ýýgr~l,ýºt& ' BSOLUTELY PURE
Money Enough to DIo % tlhout Allimon?.
It is reported in New York that the
application of Mrs. Edith Candee to
compel her husband, Edward Candee.
the wealthy builder, to pay her ali
mony and and counsel fees pending
the trial of her suit against him for
absolute divorce, has been denied bh
Judge Andrews, in supreme court
chambers. Jutde Andrews says that.
in view of the large property ownee
by Mrs. Candee, and the willingness
of the husband to support the child
ren, but her determination to retain
Itheir custody, he cannot see that the
application can be granted. Taking
into consideratiion the means of both,
he does not consider that alimony is
necessary to support her while the
suit Is pending. There is on both
sides money enough for Candee, and
the children will not suffer.
The I.oet Iiver.
A Kansas oracle is authority for
saying that suit will be brought in
the district court of Shawnee county
next week by the hotels of Topeka
against the leaders of the late D)emo
cratic silver convention. Damages
to the extent of many thousands of
dollars will be asked, the plaintiffs
alleging that they are out that amount
by reason of the extensive baking
which they did and which spoiled
on their hands. The leaders of the
convention are held to be liable, hav
ing led the hotel keepers into the loss
by overestimating the crowd to be
present. One hotel enumerates fifty
prune pies that were spoiled, another
nine dozen boiled eggs, and another
fifty pounds of fried liver. The hotel
men also say that they advanced
money to the leaders on the strength
of their promises of a big crowd.
Where the speech is corrupted, the mind
is also.
The Pursuit of Happiness.
When the Declaration of Independence as
serted man's right to this. it enunciated an
Immortal truth. The bilious sufferer is on the
road to happiness wh,.n he begins to taKe
lHostetter's >tomnach hItters, the most efmca
clous regulatur of the liver lu existence.
Erualliy reliable is it in chills and fever. con
stipation. dyspepsia, rheumatism, kidney
trouble and nervousness. Use it regularly,
and not at odd Intervals.
As a rule the woman who would not
make a good wife for a poor man would
make a poor wife for a good man.
When Traveling,
Whether on pleasure bent, or business,
take on every trip a bottle of Syrup
of Figs, as it acts most pleasantly and
effectually on the kidneys, liver and
bowels, preventing fevers, headaches
and other forms of sickness. For sale
in 50c and $1 bottles by all the leading
druggists. Manufactured by the Call
fornia Fig Syrup Co., only.
One of the lest things you can give a
boy is an honest father.
- A. JOHNSON. Medina. N. Y..savs:"Hall's
Catarrh Cure cured me." Sold by Druggists,75c.
It is true that beauty is only skin deep,
but so is homeliness.
I could not get along without l'Pio's Cure
for (onsumption. It always mcures.-Mrs.
E. C. Moi.TOx, Neeldham, Mass., Oct. 22, '91.
A kind "no" is often more agreeable
:han a rough "yes."
S FOR
CURES 80ROFULA,
BLOOD POISON.
S THE
CURES CANOER,
EOZEMA, TETTER.
S Looo
Love
Lightens
Labor
o adoe
, *C AIRETTE
SOAP.
mh greec dteaomer to wo.ma'e ai
es waa and eveyº d",. Makie her
wlokt matter of loY isteUd o drdg
my. Try &it Sod everywh
- ,Made eay by
S* The N. K. Falbak
_ oc as a la y
I` T·I S 
The silver dollars issuce in I ')
are worth ~$101I each. 'The're wro
only 1M,570 coined in that year
Rlrs. i. C. Adamu.
Thousands of wolmen. e-,,,e lally in the
slring of the year, are lier, out, tirel'l, have
heanla.he. sick storm h, fainting Isl' el,
diizin e'", scanty ,r lrofui,ii ct.ene ,, is ak
lak, coutiiation; tltei' hl' lei, Ehol n"i tr
and lIInits a (ho c)nitauntlt, lI fa,'t, t: y"'
sufler from general d.',i lty ,of thI bhie,:o
systom. The suierlior tni ua tli is of
McElree's Wine of c arlii ti i., it the lead
log renledy for this cat. -, of i-,u!- ,
.Mrs. Y. C. Adams, 'hatto.gavl. e, (;a.,
writes: "Two years ato I tus take" tick
with indigestion, faint ,ii t s ,clls, ct,..tii. a
tion, falling of tlihe womb,n ant var:ous
other sympitoms, ant kep!t getting worse
and worse. After ta:,iti. ft lr I,ottl', of
MeElree's Wine of t arui n ti llrOtloiou
with Thedford' Iac'k-Dlrau:lht ti I an
able to do any kind of toirkil ti;IIt a \istuan
can do."
D. L. Coker, Calvinn, Fla , .say.: "M'.
Elree's Wine of C'ardui has I.routlht royw
cheeks back to one of niy cou-itn uatter she
was given up to die by two of the Ict
physicians."
It would tie mnlr io ilea.:nt if so,:n I-.noi,
should march, and nit plav.
Everydollarspent in I'arker's (inger Tonle
Is well Invested. It slbdues pain asid trings bttter
digestlon, better strength and b.:tr.r Lealit.
A man's best friend is very seloiit hiii
neighbor.
Good reasons why you should use Ilinder
corn%.
It takes out thecorns. atn I tair yoil Iavyle is.' ant
0Omfort, surely agodexha.l la: g,.,. I.' at dru.iLts.
It is seldom necee.sary ti, provido tainu-o
ment for a girl who has a lover
"Eamson's Magic Corn Salve."
Warrantetl t, cure or iIiiiy ilrunded. A-k you.
druggist for iL s. le 13 cent'..
Mother Eve wa, un.lo:blte(dly the first
cry-sis ever known.
ON THE ROAD
- to recovery, the
young woman
who is taking
S Doctor Pierce's
Favorite Pre
scription. In
maidenhloid, wo).
\ manhood. wiTfe.
S . a iihood and tmoth
/ erhoed the " Pre
_ scriptin "' is a
suplporting tonic
and nervine
that's peculiarly
adapted to her
S needs, regulat
I , ing. and strength
l1 ening the system
and curing the
derangements of the sex. Why is it so
many women owe their beauty to Dr.
Pierce's Favorite Prescription ? NT cause
beauty of form and face radiate from the
common center-health. The best bodily
condition results from good food, fresh air
and exercise coupled with the judiciouc
use of the "Prescription."
It reaches the origin of the trouble and
corrects it
Raphael, Angelo, ltulwns, Tasso
The "LINENE" are the Beat and Most Ecenoml.
cal 'ollars and ('uffs worn : they are madl uof tine
cloth, both sides finishel alike, and. being reverlrs
ble. one collar is equal to two of any other kind.
They iAt well, rear trell and look .ell. A box of
Ten Collars or Five Pqirs of Cuffs for Twenty-Five
Cents
A Sample Collar nand Pair of Cuffs by mail for
Six Cents. Namestyle nnd size. Address
IREVERSIBLE ('OLLAR C'OMPANY.
TlIanklin t..New York. 27 Kilby St.. Boston.
><.. Tilase University of Louisiana.
vatagds for practieal instruction In laboratories
and hospital materials unequalte. Free access given
to great CHARITY HOSPITAL, 700beds, 30.000 patients
annually. Speelal In'tructlon given dally atTrsa
nerstlD or Tsa sucl. Next tsslon begins October 17th.
1895. Catalogue and Information address
PROD . . OUAILLE, N.D., DEAI
I1'P. 0. Drawer1S. NEW ORLEANS, ý
HAIR BALSAM
ans. besui e hair.
FOUNDERS AND MACHINISTS dGnkeria.
Shops. Oompresses. Flour Mills, wterwor
Oil MItl, Glas, ie Planta, lectrle Ltghbt, eate.
repairs. Write as. Mosher M'ig Co. Dallas.
W II U DALLAS 28-95
When Answering Adveristlements Kindly
Mention this Paper.