LOUISIANA POPULIST.
.-'--- :Price 5 Centr.
Subscription $1.00 Per Year. There is No Free Country, Unless the People Rule.
VOL III NATCHITOCHES, LA. FEBRUARY 19 189727
SVOL. III. .,i''I
Fools and traitors are a bad mix- r
tnre in politics.
No more bonds forever, and down WH
with banks of issue.
Organized greed should be met with
organized manhood.
Bayard will soon come to America nl
to represent England. vs
The Cuban question will likely hang p
fire until the new administration comes inst
in. oly,
Dec
Paper money based simply on taxes is En
the best form of currency we could owl
have. trat
McKinley has not yet signified which the
one of the ready-made cabinets he will den
appoint. the
Lying has become so common among tut
politicians that it is scarcely noticed
Any more. put
If the Republicans don't give us
better times they won't know what hit pla
them In 1898. 1c
fac
The men who advocate the free silver to
Issue alone will soon find themselves
behind the procession.
prc
The men who want to use the Peo
ple's party for a door mat should be
"cast into outer darkness." pal
net
It was "a chance" that killed the ma
Democrats; we may now see what it
will do for the Republicans. b
"Dook" Pullman has reduced wages Br
12 per cent in his shops. Wanted to w
get on a parity with prosperity.
mi
A railroad commission is a farce;
nothing short of public ownership will 20(
settle the transportation question satis
factorly. 204
We need a decrease of pauper im
migratiour from foreign countries as
rather than an increase of the stand- tri
fAg army. ap
pa
The latest news bearing on the con- tnr
struction of McKinley's cabinet is that or
Senator Cullon? is beginning to look ch
like Lincoln again. an
Why don't the workingmen profit by an
the example of the trusts and increase qiy
their wages in anticipation of the pe
"wave of prosperity." m
sa
MicKinley will have to settle the 16
to 1 question after all; he'll have to cc
decide which "1" of the "16" men who St
want the ofllce will get it. te
Talk about "cold waves," what do tr
you call that of November 4th? The de
"wave ot prosperity" has not been able a1
to c theechill 9E of us. al
It was very n1cietn Grover to issue ft
that Thankslgitang proclamation the re
day after we knew we were to have a a
eha ge from his administration.
The election retprns show that a lit- ti
tie wisdom and some patriotism would
enable the people to down the money
Powfr P 9 "Pi'hog party" can do it.
It seems that Grover Cleveland never
fieaied the airt of making money until
be was elected Presldent. It is a little
dIisler tk& ther. puneldentb didn't
earn it even then, .
hiit I1taln' Ildozes small natops !
rn arbtrtes with the large ones.
]otuitlythe South American Re
lp~ice have a big brother Samuel to
after their interests.
'the silvrr questiol will net be the
Issue In 1900.' It will be talked to
deth by that time. Men.who can see
8o tqrer tin inasee than tree silver
6a5jDn long entertain an intelligent
: The Inter-state eommery law b.ems
be mls-named. It shoud be called
"An A~ct entitled an Act to permit rti)
Voad corporations and United Stat
geiaga to an the gov~ri ant" , in
! laction an d rob thb people at will."
JThe plutocrati will do well to re
gem: bp tat-" 'othi3 is settldd tintil
met 5 irght." The slave power
6 ' in various ways to compro
s. "ij ,l of chatel slavery, and
 e ,- t . as-utitti e y legal en
eat at.hthe. eoD SInasily rose
r' ays ty shat T. V. P*o
) epl rceved i000.,0oQ m Hanna for
rht ati war ainat ;the labow
itdald to have re
Sfor. emach seech he made.
/ C1 sud"st~ MSogi imeved a briga
uesal's couautdisl sad $20,000.
ins entirely coabanttal, but
P tigaatety toall partlw e,
iasalot i 3.Za'o mideaate
iythan om f the fore
~La plsylmU tt traitor,
iall he was
hese it l.sil
THE TELEGRAPH. cou
ordc
WHAT EXPERIENCE SHOWS AND
SHOULD TEACH.
It
In the Face of the Facts Presented by pril
Professor Parsons After a Searching SUC(
Inquiry It Is Nonsense to Permit Fri- vey
rate Ownership States. I
rap
tam
Prof. Frank Parsons, in his tenth
installment of "The Telegraph Monop- I
oly," which appears in the Arena for goo
December, deals with the experience of beb
England under both private and public tior
ownership. The followipg lengthy ex- thio
tract will be found unusually interest- zer1
ing, and it is certainly convincing of in
the correctness of the people's party to
demand for government ownership of
the telegraphs: fern
The experience of England consti
tuteb a most powerful argument for ties
public ownership of the telegraph. Up the
to 1870 the telegraph business in Great bill
Britain was in the hands of private gra
t companies, and for many years com
plaints had been made of excessive tio
charges, poor service and inadequate tat
r facilities. The companies pretended
to compete, but in reality had an un- ma
derstanding among themselves which ur)
prevented the reduction of rates to a ire
just figure. They were satisfied to vec
e keep the tariff up and allow each com- of
pany to obtain such share of the busi- gr
ness as its territory and facilities com- tri
manded. pri
In 1869 the tariff charged by the pre
United Kingdom company, as well as
by the older Electric, International, ch
, British and Irish Magnetic companies the
was: ma
is. (24 cents) for 20 words up to 100
miles. th
1s. 6d. (36 cents) for 20 words up to in
11 200 miles. wt
5. 2s. (48 cents) for 20 words beyond the
200 miles. op
38. to 6s. for messages to Ireland.
1. In many instances these rates, high ob
s as they were, did net cover the whole a
-. transmission of a telegram. They only ly
applied to the wires of a single com
pany, and when a message had to be tri
- transmitted over the systems of two o
at or more companies an additional pe
k charge, frequently of considerable ne
amount, was levied. an
These rates were scandalously high, ha
)y and yet our own people at the time in fa
se question (1869) were frequently com- of
he pelled to pay from five to six times as ne
much for the same distance and the to
same number of words. co
16 In 1865 the Edinburgh chamber of ru
to commerce called the attention of Lord fri
do Stanley, the postmaster general, to the fr
telegraph question, showing that the
rates were unreasonably high, the fit
do transmission unsatisfactory because of of
he delays and inaccuracies, the treatment ai
)le of the press unfair and many towns bi
and districts wholly unprovided for. of
The Edin.,urgh committee gave care- o0
us ful consideration to three different in
he remedial measures: (1) a regulated le
a amalgamation of existing companies; in
(2) the establishment of entire free at
trade in public telegraphy; (3) the ti
it- transfer of the service to the postoiflce. al
Id Its conclusion was in favor of the last. h
tey but it agreed to recommend the ap- 8s
Dpointment of a royal commission of
inqulry prior to legislation. e
Lord Stanley appointed Frank Ives
til Scudamoie to "Inquire whether the i
le telegraph might be beneficially worked c
n't by the postotfice." Mr. Scudamore was o
a man of the highest character, thor- i
oughly impartial and of very fine abil- t
ity. He made a scientific study of the a
abuses of the existing service in Eng- t
Sland, the condition of the service in I
other countries, the benefits likely to 1
to result from a postal system and the t
dtiiculties and disadvantages that e
might attach to it. The result was (
Sthat he came to believe in the postal I
t telegraph, and in 1866 he made his re
see port, a very able paper, conclusively I
ver showing the advantages of the present
iet plan. In 1868 he made a supplemen
tary report to Lord Stanley's successor.
the Earl of Montrose, who transmitted
ems it to the house of lords with a commun
led ication, of which the following is a 1
part:
In the inclosed report and that which
5 preceded it frequent reference is made
to the manner in which the telegraph
Ssystems' of Belgium and Switzerland
re have been framed and maintained by
itil the postofflccs of those countries. The
Icr example of the colony of Victoria might
pro- however hays been cited with equal
ad propriety, for in that colony the tele
en- graph has long been worked by the
ore postofice and with such success that
although the charges for transmission
are high, the proportion of telegrams
t0 letters is as high as in Belgium.
There is indeed nothing new in the
for proposed scheme. Of its various parts
r each has been tried, and tried with
success, either in Belgium, in Switier
. land, in France, or in a British colony,
a and taking into account the greater
ig wealth and commercial activity of the
00 United Kingdom, I see no reason to
but doubt that the scheme, as a whole, will
rto. be equally successful here.
sate Your lordships will readily perceive
ore- that such a system, besides facilitating
dtor. social intqrcourse, strengthening and
wa smaltplyliD the relations between the
llt ababitantI of diffterent districts and
ahiatl th growth of tr.de and
a wil) slp *t sasth the
country from hostility from without 2.
and aid in the maintaining of law and 3.
order within the kingdom. duct
The chancellor of the exchequer, in 4.
moving for leave to introduce the bill, high
said: 5.
It would be admitted as a general -won
principle that the monopoly that had 6.
succeeded so well in regard to the con- non
veyance of letters might be expected tion
to succeed equally as well in a more 7.
rapid method of communication. I viol;
am not aware of any objection to mon- 8,
opoly in one case that would not hold a pl
good in the other This country is 9.
behind others in the matter of telc- suet
graphic communication. The propor- 1C
tion of telegrams to letters is far less in wou
this country than in Belgium or Swit- fere
zerland. In 1866 the proportions were com
in Belgium, 1 to 37; in Switzerland, 1 the
to 69: in Great Britain. 1 to 121. wer
These figures show that we are suf- ern;
feriug from high rates for telegraphic nes!
communication and inadequate facill- pris
ties. If we were equally favored iJ war
the matter of charges etc., the proba- T
bility Is that the proportion of tele- Our
grams would be largely increased. Our and
present system does not give satisfac- no
tion to the commercial world. A depu- mal
tation from the Associated Chambers futi
of Commerce waited upon the post- pri
master general and myself at the treas- stri
ury to present a memorial on this sub- exp
ject. They complained of high rates, bur
I vexatious delays, inaccurate rendering bill
of messages and the absence of tele- 1
graphic communication in whole dis- tra:
tricts. Under the present system of nes
private administration there is little ant
prospect of fair reduction in rates. tra
After speaking of the extortionate 2
charges of the private companies in inc
the paragraph already quoted. Post- to
master-General Morley continues thus: mil
Not only were the charges high, but tel,
the systems were incomplete. It was POE
in the nature of things that companies rat
whose aim was to secure a profit for put
their shareholders should restrict their usI
operations as far as possible to the the
principal towns. In the absence of an be;
obligation to work the telegraphs as Tb
a national undertaking they natural- of
ly refrained from extensions to the esl
smaller towns and villages or to dia- ye;
tricts remote from the chief centers of do
0 population, which could not be ex- $11
I pected to yield a remunerative busi- clt
ness. Thus several towns in England sic
and Wales with from 3,000 to 6,000 In- w
habitants were without any telegraph
n facilities, being situated at distances ap
t' of from five to ten miles from the wi
Ls nearest telegraph station. Where such liI
.e towns were provided with telegraphic Pi
communication, the office was, as a Pe
if rule, situated at the railway station, th
d frequently at an inconvenient distance yc
1e from the center of the town. of
0e In the large towns the telegraph of- se
re fices were not well distributed. The a¬
)f offices of three or four companies were te
It apt to be clustered together in the vi
15 business center of the city, sometimes se
r. only a few yards distant from each di
e- other, while the suburbs and outly
at Ing districts were almost wholly neg- tl
?d lected. When the inquiry of 1865 was bi
s; instituted, the total number pf places c4
ee supplied with telegraphic communica- al
he tion by all the companies together was ci
'e. about 1,000, while the number of places et
Bt. having postal communication at the o
P- same date was 10,685. o
of The situation is thus graphically de- ii
ecribed by Mr. Scudamore: i
es By maintaining high charges as
he long as they could, by reducing those t
ed charges inch by inch, as it were, and
as only under pressure, by the confine- e
r- ment of their operations to important j
Il- towns and by planting their offices a
he mainly in the business centers of those
g- towns the telegraph companies had ,
in brought speculative :'men, and specu
to lative men only, to a free use of the
he telegraph. Whoever could make mon
rat ey on a turn of the market, whoever i
as could advantageously place a few 1
tal pounds when "Bumblebee" went below
re- "Dulcibella" in the betting, whoever
ly had it at heart to let Thames street
ent know that there was a large take of
n- herring at Wick, rushed cheerfully
or, to the telegraph office and would have
ted submitted to any inconvenience and
an- paid any charge to get his massage
a through in time. But the general pub
lic, puzzred by a variable and complex
ich tariff and disheartened by the distance
ade of the telegraph offices from their
aph doors, had got to regard the telegraph
and as a medium of communication which
by they might use In times of sore neces
rhe sity, and then only, and to look upon a
ght telegraph message with a feeling
ual amounting to fear.
ole- The parallel between the English
the telegraph before .1870 and our own
hat system today is very striking. We
ion have in an aggravated form all 'the
as evils the English reformers com
um. plained of and several additional ones
the of our own-boundless dilution of
arts stock, enormous profits, telegraphic
Kith millionaires, monopoly of market re
aer- ports, systematic ill treatment of em
ony, ployes, etc. England had abundant
ater reason for revolt. America has still
the greater reason.
to ,The press of Great Britain, as we
will have seen, demanded a government
telegraph and persisted in discussing
elve the subject in spite of the threatened
tinhg stoppage of their dispatches.
and The telegraph companies used every
the effort to prevent and impede the-rt
and form. The objections they raised were:
-d -1. It was not the govertinent's lusl
th p to telegrapb,
2. There would be a loss if it did. pros
3. The telegraph would be better con- tion
ducted under private enterprise. men
4. The government rates would be kne'
higher. of 1
5. And the use of the telegraph plea
-would decrease. sopl
6. The government service would be ject.
nonprogressive, no stimulus to inven- for
tion, etc. In
7. The secrecy of messages would be bers
violated, mor
8. The telegraph would be used as syst
a party machine, Qua
9. The government could not be the
sued. over
10. To establish a public telegraph of i
would be an arbitrary and unjust inter- a n,
ference with private interests. The cha:
companies had risked their capital in stor
the new enterprise, and just as they pub
were about to get their reward the gov- up
ernment was going to take the busi- siti,
ness away from them. Private enter- the
prise experimented, and the people abli
wanted to steal the fruit. cha
These objections are very familiar. fit
Our monopolists know them by heart An
and use them over and over, taking gig
- no notice of the answers to them no con
- matter how many times they are re- o
futed. It is easy to answer them a telE
priori, and the overwhelming demon- Int
stration of their falsity by the 'actual gol
_ experience of England ought to have nie
buried them forever beyond the possi- me
bility of disinterment. Th'
1. It is the government's business to ly
transmit intelligence, and that busi- a 1
,f ness includes the use of the telegraph the
e and all other appropriate means of mil
transmission. the
2. If rates remained the same, an Th
n increase of profit instead of a loss was OOC
to be expected by reason of the econo- $6!
mies that would result from a united 1s(
ti telegraph in combination with the col
postal service. The people could keep at
rates up and realize a large profit, or cu
r put rates down, thereby ihcreasing the eat
i usefulness of the telegraph and taking teu
e their profit in the form of more and Su
n better service fo, the same money. to
6 They did the latter, and, as a matter lal
1. of fact, they have saved, at the lowest se;
Lt estimate, $150,000,000 in twenty-five ha
9. years. The telegraphing they have to
i done would have cost them at least ot
t. $150,000,000 more than it has cost, in- ve
.. cluding expenses of operation, exten- gc
id sions, repairs, interest on the capital, co
1-. water purchase and all. $1
ub 3. It stands to reason that a servant al
es appointed and paid by himself, and in
1e whose avowed interest and effort are to pa
hb line his own pocket with the utmost to
ic possible "giltiness" consistent with his la
a personal safety-it stands to reason in
n, that such a servant will not conduct w,
ce your telegraph or any other business at
of yours as well as you can do it your- in
f- self or have it done by your own fi
he agent. As a.matter of fact, the public fr
re telegraph service turned out to be w
he vastly superior to the private telegraph hi
es service according to the universal ver
cI diet of the English people. ti
y- 4. It was reasonable to expect that di
gg- the government rates would be lower, gi
as because the government would work at tl
:es cost and would, moreover, secure an sl
a- absolute economy relatively to private cc
ras corporations in the conduct of the tel- pi
.es egraph. In fact, the rates dropped at ir
he once one-third to two-thirds, average eu
one-half, and afterward the ordinary
e- inland rate was again reduced almost ii
une-halif. g
as 5. The use of the telegraph doubled tl
se the first year. g
ad 6. The government service has adopt- a
ae- ed new inventions and shown a pro- u
at gressive spirit in respect to employes
es as well as the service of the public. o
cia·7. There has been no complaint of c
ad violation of secrecy. . " '
Cu- 8. Nor the least suspicion of partisan s
he use. I
on- 9. The government can be sued and t
ver is sued. Claims against.the govern-i
ew ment are tried judicially the same aa
low other claims. I
ver 10. Interference with private inter- t
eet ests to accomplish a public good is not
of arbitrary and unjust; it is the very es
lly sence of justice and good government.
ave The private interests of gamblers, sa- I (
and loonkeepers, opium sellers, shipowners
age housebuilders, powder makers, bone
,ub- grinders, grain elevator men, etc., pri
lex a vate interests both good and bad, are
nce interfered with for the sake of the pub
heir lie welfare. Telegraph interests form
aph no exception. The companies had al
ich ready received large returns on their
ces" investment and would receive full ;com
n a pensation for their capital when the
ing public took their plant-more than full
compensation as it turned out.
lish The companies themselves knew
own enough to understand that all their
We pleas from one to nine were nonsense
the mere scarecrows to frighten ignorant
Om- timidity. It is possible they might
ones have put some faith in the tenth point.
of Men who have long enjoyed the prlv
phic ilege of putting their hands in their
re neighbors' pockets may really regard
em- an interference with their time hon
dsnt ored custom as arbitrary and unjust.
still Kings and emperors have not been
noted for recognizing the wisdom and
we Justice of democracy. No matter how
ient arbitrary and unjust a despotism may
in be, it will hurl the whole of ethics at
ed any one who brings a suit of eject
ment against it
very The merchants, the press and the
S-re people generally were not deceived by
rre: the outcry raised by the companies and
ta few consoervatives who, not belang able
-o gltP~~·P~e nrr~i~
proper extension of government func- . O
tions, were fearful of any enlarge
ment of public activities. The people
knew, without reading the refutations NOT
of learned men, that the companies'
pleas from one to ten were lies and
sophistries; that their only real ob
jection was the loss of an opportunity en
for unjust profits. Up'
In 1868, as we have said, the cham- I u
bers of commerce patitioned the comrn- i
mons, charging the existing telegraph
system with extortion, error and inade- i
quacy. Mr. Scudamore's reports and surro
the committee's investigations gave ciate
overwhelming evidence of the truth Wen,
of the charge and of the advantages of I die
a national system. The press urged a my 1
change. The liberal leader, Mr. Glad- -int
stone, then as always anxious for the peace
public weal and for that alone, took to a
up the measure, bore down the oppo- cons]
sition of the companies and secured
the passage of a law (July 31, 1861" en
abling the postmaster gen:iral to pur
chase the whole, or any part he thought
fit, of any existing telegraph property. her
And in 1869 another act was passed
giving the postoffice the exclusive
control of the telegraph business. had
On the 29th of January, 1870, all the
telegraphs in the kingdom became an fest
integral part of the postoffice. The
government bought from the compa- ats ft
nies 11,o00 miles of wire, with equip- zat
ment, for $32,108,214. or $416 a mile. "Jed
The lines had cost the companies on
ly $11,000,000, and were really worth
a the time of the transfer not more
than $8,000,000. This was England's
mistake. She paid at least four times TI
the value of the lines, probably more. fact
The French government put up 68,- ran
000 miles of wire, with equipment, for that
$65 to $66 a mile. When the acts of sam
1868-69 were passed, in spite of all the bacd
companies could do, they determined two
at least to make the transfer as difil- gag
r cult and costly as possible. It was "Su
e easy tQ raise the value of stock in con- me(
g templation of a government purchase. pea
I Such a rise would be apt to take place pat;
to some extent even without manipu- to
r lation. In some cases shares that were ari
t selling for $125 in 1866-67 realized the fav
a holders $400 when the lines were sold -a
e to the government. The shares of an- to
t other company rose from $132 in No- the
vember, 1867, to $255 at the time of the
- government purchase. In another
1, company the shares rose from $30 to tin
$133. And yet the companies did not "ar
it always get what they asked by any to
d means. The Northeastern railway com- shc
;o pany claimed £540,292 in compensation avl
st for its telegraph department, besides a kir
is large sum for interest. It was awarded pri
n in all £168,696. The Metropolitan Rail- pu.
et way company claimed in all £433,000, it
is and were awarded £51,907 These two ha
r- instances out of more than twenty suf- of
'n flee to show the extent to which the pr,
Ic fraudulent greed of the companies an
e would have bled the country if it had 'ou
ih had its way unchecked. co:
- The government's first move was It
the rapid extension of the lines into wi
at districts hitherto unprovided with tele- it
r, graph facilities, and the reduction of the
at the tariff to the uniform rate of one me
In shilling for twenty words, social or
te commercial, and seventy-five words
!I- press by day, 100 words by night, all th
at Irrespective of distance, a reduction ha
ge estimated at one-third to one-half. i-e
ry The result was a vast and immediate vil
ist ncrease in the popular use of the tele- all
graph. Social messages and newspaper m
d traffic developed enormously. The tele- tu
graph became something more than an le
t- aid to speculation and began to be of w
o- use to the people. P r
es In respect to adequacy the superl- to
ority of the English system is equally co
of clear. It would not be fair to compare or
the number of offices or messages per b:
an square mile, for England is more thick- ax
ly populated than 'the United States, hi
ad but it is fair to compare the relation m
n- between telegraph facilities and postal hr
as facilities in the two countries. Great e,
Britain has 20,000 postofflces and 10,000 oi
r- telegraph offices, less than one-fourth is
not of which are railroad offices. The West- m,
es- ern Union (the Mackay offices are P,
nt. mostly needless duplications) has 21. o'
sa- 000 offices (about three-fourths of. I
ers which are railroad offices or situated ii
ne at places inconvenient or Inaccessible o
ri- to the general public, such as stock ex- i te
are changes, policy shops, etc.), as against I
ub- 70.000 postoffices. The relation be
nrm tween telegraph and postoffice is there
al- tore 1 to 2 in Great Britain and 1 to
ieir 31/ here, including the railroad offices, t
im- and one to 2.6 in Great Britain as com
the pared with 1 to 10 in the United States, I
full taking the commercial offices alone-
i that is, to every fourteen postotffices in
rew Great Britain there are seven efficient
heir telegraph offices, while in this country
Be- to every fourteen postoffices there are
ant not more than four efficient telegraph
ght offices, and, considering the commer
int cial offices alone, there are over five to
rv- fourteen postoffices over the sea and
heir about one to fourteen postoffices here.
ion- Cuba is a slaughter pen which should
ust. be taken charge of by Uncle Sam, at
been least long enough to put a stop to the
and brutal butcheries now going on there.
how We are barred as a nation from saying
may anything about the Armenian butch
s at erles, while the most cruel murders are
ject- being committed right under our nose.
But, then, the sugar trust is making
the millions out of it, and the interests of
d by the trusit must not be interfered with.
able Most of the pattTots pro'vy to be
dr~t6 '
MORGAN'S MbELANGE.
NOTES AND COMMENT ON"
CURRENT TOPICE.
Wendell Philllps' Parting Weods--An
Up-to-Date Chicago Judge--OGn. Miles
Purpose with a Big Army--Other
Matters.
When we study the conditions which
surround us on every side. we appre
liate the full meaning of the words of
Wendell Phillips when he said: "When
I die I wish but two words written on
my tombstone: 'Infidel' and 'Traitor'
-infidel to a church that could be at
peace in the presence or sin; traitor
to a government thia was a magnificent
conspiracy against justict."
Judge Foster, of Chicago, fined a
woman $10, one day last week, because
her rooster persisted in "cruwing" be
fore daylight, thereby disturbing the
slumber of one of her neighbors. That
"judge" is a dandy. If Juke Pullman
had starved a few of his men to death
Foster would rule that he had a per
fect right to do so.-Ex. That "Jedge"
is fully up to the spirit of our civili
zation. If there is anything that is cal
culated to disturb the equanimity of a
"Jedge" more than anything it is a
rooster crowing and waking him up
before daylight. 1
3 The Caucasian is stirred up over the
fact that General Miles recommended
an increase of the standing army, and
that the bankers are preparing at the
same rime to make a raid on the green
be acks. It asserts that these are the
i two danger signals which should en
- gage the people's attention. It says:
s "Such an army cannot be needed to
meet any foreign foe that might ap
pear, for we can always depend on the
patriotism of our people for volunteers
to meet any such peril when it may
e arise. We challenge any 'man who
e favors this increase to give his reasons
d -a standing army is a dead expense
i to the tax-payers, and is opposed to
. the genius of our government."
,e * s
'r "There can be but one purpose," con
o tinues the authority above quoted,
)t "and that is to train a standing army
, to serve monopolies and trusts, and to
- shoot down any who may oppose the
'n avarice and dppression of industrial
a kings and monopoly tyrants. The
d present army is' big enough for that
1- purpose, but the fact that they want
0, it more than doubled shows that they
ro have planned new and greater schemes
f- of robbing and oppression." This ap
le prehension is becoming pretty genetal
s among the people, and it is not with
d 'out some grounds. People naturally
connect military force and despotism.
as It would seem that our civil authority
to was sufficient for all purposes, but itf
e- it should fail, there is the militia and
of the great body of the people to supple
se ment it.
or * * *
Is The Caucasian, further discussing
l11 the danger of surrendering to the
on banks the absolute control of the cur
iency, says: "The constitution pro
te vides that the government shall issue
e- all money. It is a function of govern
er ment-a function of sovereignty. To
e- turn over to the banks the power to
an levy and collect taxes from the people
of would not be near as dangerous to our
property and liberty as to turn over
ri- to them the issue of our money and the
ly control of its volume. Put the country
re on the gold standard and then let the
er banks control all the paper currency
k- and the speculators and bankers would
es, have the country absolutely at their
on mercy. It is bad enough now to bring
al hard times' to all execept those who
at enjoy special privileges, but the avarice
00 of these money sharks is not yet sat
tth istled. If the bankers have this tre
st- mendous power, in addition to the
vre power they already have, then they can
1.. oppress the people at will beyond all
of endurance, and they want a big stand
edI ing army to put down any lkicklng
ble on the part of an outraged people and
x- to enforce the robbery of these shy
est i locks at the point of the bayonet."
be- * * *
re- The plutocrats ridicule the idea of
to money without intrinsic value, but all
es, their ridicule and tirades of abuse can
m- not wipe out the expressions of a long
es, list of eminent authorities that have
Le- placed themselves on record against
in the intrinsic value theory. Among
ent -these was UnitedStates Senator Plumb,
try of Kansas, who, in a speech in the sen.
are ate, in reply to John Sherman, maid:
aph "The senator from Ohio said in a briet
ner- speech which he made the other day
e to on a minor clause of this bill, in a
and spirit of candor that did not charac
ere. terize his speech of yesterday, that gold
and silver had been created by the Al
ould mighty as money, and had been such
, at from the beginning of time. 'What
the God hath joined together, let no man
ere. put asunder.' If gold is money, then
ing silver is money, and if gold to-day is
tch- any more money than silver it is be
are cause the law has made it so, giving
ose. to gold the exclulgive money function
king and degrading silver."
with. General Miles wants an increase of
the standing army in order to the
o be more effectually protect the rbbqrleq
Of tbr r!tti~ ilmtY,