LOUISIANA POPULIST.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $1.00 A YEAR. There is No Free Country, Unless the People Rule. PRICE, 5 CENTS.
VOL. II NATCHITOCHES, LOUISIANA, FRIDAY, SEPT. 20, 1895. NO. 5.
THE SCHEME EXPOSED
"SOUND" MONEY DEMOCRATS
AND REPUBLICANS.
They Want a Flnanetl Sybtem Identical
IaLth That of Great Britait, a Single
C.eld Standard and rank Notes With
Pllver For Chansg
The following timely article is from
Texas Fartmer:
The position of thie Republicans and
sound money men, so called-rotten
ites in fact--is for a money system
identical with that which Great Bri
tain has followed for centuries: a gold
standard basis for measurement of all
%alues, and an unlimited credit sys
tern. Superadded as applied to
America, is the retirement of all
gevernment paper money, to be sub
stituted by bank issues over which I
the government is to have virtually
no control, but which, on the con
trary, is virtually to have control of
the government. The system advo- t
cated, minus the bank system, has I
prevailed in Great Britain for centu
ries. As a consequence, it is the i
most thoroughly dent-cursed govern- I
meat of the world. Its governmental
affairs are, id fact, administered by
an aristocracy whose main business it
has been to invent a governmetal sys- I
tem under which a monied aristocracy 1
may rob the people of all they pro- I
duce except barely enough to sustain
them as over-taxed slaves to the t
power that robs them. Under this 5
system the national debt of Great 5
Britain and Ireland is now over $80 t
per capita, as against 14 per capita e
in the United States. But this is by t
no means the most violent feature of I
the robbing system to sustain a titled
aristocracy. Great Britain has been of v
all nations most industrious in estab
lishing rule over other countries. Her t
Solonies and dependencies are scat- p
tered not only over the islands of. the v
sea, but almost over the lands and l
waters of the world. The public tl
financial system which the cunning ti
and trickery of her rulers have de- fl
vised to rob the people in the interest ti
of their private gains. has carried re
with it a nightmare of ruin and debt ti
wherever her rule has been estab- w
lished, until now the public e
debts of her colonies range from $48 w
per capita in Canada to 833 ti
in Queensland. A more horrible eo
picture of tinancial idiocy cannot be a1
conceived, if government finances are ml
to be administered for the public and as
not for a titled and bloated aristoc
racy. Think of it: The public debt tC
of Great Britain and her dependencies ui
---India excepted-rune to the enor- t
mous figure of over $280 for every T
man, woman and child under this tn
corrupt rule. India is bonded by the no
syndicates which rule great Britain tii
to the last cent her resources will re- o0
turn interest upon: but her popula- dc
tions of nearly three hundred millions pl
makes the per capita appear small. pl
The gold standard people advocate pl
this system for America, with the ad- is
ditional infirmity of issue and control TI
of paper mroney by national banks,
thus strengthening the facilities for a
money aristocracy to rob the people.
Allied with this crowd are subsidized i8
newspapers. subsidized lawyers in
searching for rich clients, the vast a
ignorance of fundamental principles th
of government existent among that cu
class of our people called business
men. and a hoodlum vote which these le
inIluences will buy. In a word: This
force is aided only by the cupidity or
ignoranoe of its allies. a
The above is all right. It is true. c
But Brother bhaw's intolerance will i
not allow him to give partisans their lo
proper names. The "sound money g
men" alluded to are the National or 0
Cleveland Democracy, most of whom U
would, in our opinion, vote the Re- s
publican ticket before they would vote s
either the Populist or Free Silver t
Democratic ticket. t
Evldeee* a Preepartisy.
Five persos died of starvation L o
Little Rock, Ark., a few days ago. to
August Ladner, general merchan. t
dise at Yorktowna, Tex., failed.
A. O. Harmon, general merchan- uI
dhIs, at Harwood, Tex., has executed h
a deed of trust be
The Yorkshire Les oaippaay has
foreclosed a mortgage on the proper
ty of the Alamo Heights Land com-
psny at 8an Antoneo, Tea.l J. A. q
Crebbin of Deanr bought the proper- P
ty for 59,600. t
At Black Jack. Tex., J. H. Gaim.
bol, ealser I. hardware, has madey
an melgameath
. B. Blvie and others aue th
breeght sauit i the dietrlet oourt of
Cherokete oelt agaiat the New
Bleminatham fre ad Imlprovemenat
company of Texam se othew ad a
ensivr has hb asked for. ph
At Mlsboro, 1L, M. M. Manrna I
Os, bankrs of Ulldad, is the clr -e
en semort boe i1e aers sktu~ L g
sr a rsreole lrr the Car u
e~at eeespmaag .ad ales fer 1L
She hsr tlo f a t4,000 o m~ege- w3
m .rt the ptiee.I seee db.kse
D elsewhere, have made an assignment.
The City drug store at Henrietta,
Tex., has filed a deed of trust.
S W. H. Bonar, aged 35, committed
suicide at St. Louis the other day be
cause he was out of work and could
get nothing to do.
il Henry 3M. Anthony, manufacturers
1. agent for salmon, fruits, canned
b meats and pbosphates. at New York.
has assigned.
The precious "egold reserve" is
down to $97,200,000 and agoing, with
iOct. 1 and another bond issue in
sight.
d At Belton. Tex.. Julius Tobler,
i- dealer in jewelry, pianos and sewing
ii machines, has executed a deed of
I- trust for the benefit of his creditors.
d The Rice-Blake Lumber company,
11 whose headquarters are at Buffalo,
N- . Y.. has filed a petition of insolv
o ency at Boston, Mass. Liabilities,
11 $65, .00.
- A receiver has been appointed for
h the Holland hotel at Pleasanton, Tex.
y At Dallas. Ballard & Burnette have
a- filed a chattel mortgage conveying to
ºf E. M. Heardon, trustee, their stock
of merchandise to secure a debt to
a the City National bank.
John T. Cate, dry goods and cloth
e ing at Greenville, Tex., has assigned.
Liabilities, $10,621.
Demsoerats, LRepublleass, Pepaltsts.
t The Democrats will not in their
next national convention declare for
the rehabilitation of silver as a full
legal tender and at the same time to
n open the mints to the unrestricted
coinage of silver, as should be done,
s as the people will have done, just as
t sure as life lasts, but will straddle.
j the question as they have straddled
s everything from the slavery question
to the bicycle in their haste to get
f away from their old foundations.
1 The Republicans will go back on
f what, during the war, they declared
a conastitutional right, and a necessity,
the ereation of full legal tender money
printed on paper. The Populists,i
which will probably become the peo
I ole's party, is the only one a
that is honest in its declara. a
tions for silver money as legal tender .
for debts and therefore the only one c
that deserves to be trusted in this,,
respect in the coming contest. Into t
the People's party all the people, are
welcome, and into it they are coming,
every hour, men of thought, action,
wisdom, courage, patriotism and de
termination to halt the tide of usury, I
even if they break eatirely away from
all their old political bandages and
stand before God and their oountry t
as free men.
The old parties have brought all
these evils on the country and it is
unwise to expect relief from those 1
through whom the offense cometh..
The entire history of the world shows C
that new parties have been made
necessary by the acts of the old par
ties who were la power, and that the 7
only way out has been through the 1
doors opened by the thinkers who c
planned, and the active agencies em- c
ployed to propel the new on to the n
place it is to occupy and the work it ti
is to do.-New York Advance ll
Thought.
It is beyond endurance to hear c
ignorance personified preach the evil a
influences of Wall street or discuss v
a new finaocial theory. It is to say p
the least absurd.-Jefferson Jimpli- a
cute.
The above is the utterance of that tl
learned, erudit scholar, and logician si
"J. Leonard Goldberg, Editor and
Compiler" for the Jimplieute. What
a shame that a paper over whose ,
oolumns that bright, honest, pare, S
brave and true man, Ward Taylor, for T
long years presided, now that he has
gone to the reward awaiting all true .c
good men, should be disgraced, bj .
the brayings of such an astute, con- t
sueate jckasslru. The "e" in his name
should be cbaaged to *u" and then
the bare name would reflect some
tree. BIl utternose are not to be
wondered at for he favors women
wearing bloomers. It takes a man
of bratin, of patieanese aad patriotism
to study and discuss ,a finanolal
theory," sad it Is necessary for all pa
triots to do so, so us to be able to keep t
up withall GOldbIb(i)rgs tteubtless i
he thianks he knows too much, to
bother with a small matter like
finane, He would prefer for the U
beakers to do his thinaking.·
He is as full of egrotsm as a rotten t
egg is ofsteach. He Is beyond oe.m
parison-all such men are. They are a
too great to eatertate, le oge me- *
mus, such a s,~bet' as the raancial Is
system of a great autsbn. ?"Upon what o
sort of mat hath this Cesar fed, II
that he hs beeaem so great?" Or 1 t
h* it;Sa-h1Otp tt ht. own es- hl
Seereary Meetme has eared his
plea , as th brlhrlh rtsmlar eof
of the admi asm . ·lis .object U
liuea" ugminut Sh. fre esanmage of
(Bvp' is at'l~t* asupsnugumeut
th aW njwvamer. It is not a
hisr Mon shea the leeak pnt- t
Iaduar Ji suthe iani as argo- k
muem bg greup agept er fee tbetM"
-hk -
u;~'ah c~~l
AN OLD DODGE.
Letting the Little Fellow Think He's Driving-When He Isn't-A
National Disgrace.-From the Chicago Inter Ocean.
I _
; REV. SAM JONES TALKS
le.
id GIVES HIS VIEWS OF THE PO
'0 LITICAL SITUATION.
n Says Old Party Lines Are Fading Out,
id and the Country Is Organizing on the
Brains and Common Sense of the
r Common People.
For the past twenty years the rank
e and file of citizens have given very little
I- attention to politics. Our rapidly de
r veloping country, the various commer
e cial and agricultural interests, have
a commanded their attention, every man
o has been busy with his own affairs
e watching his opportunities in the busi
* ness world. We have literally turned
the governmental machine over to the
politicians, and for years the profes
slonal politicians and tricksters have
I manipulated things to suit themselves,
and all they had to do was to write out
their platform and write democratic or
republican above it, crack the party
whip, and the people fell in line. As
long as the old governmental cow gave
milk enough for the family nobody
cared how many calves sucked, but
when there was not milk enough to
go in the coffee the question was raised.
The people have attended to their own
a personal business and have turned gov
ernmental affairs over to pot politi
- clans and tricksters until they have
managed things their own way until
t the government of the United States is
a literally in the hands of a set of politi
cal stealers and government robbers.
The only question the average politi
r clan of to-day asks is: "What plank
I and what man will capture the most
a votes?" The vote hunter has made ap
/ propriations wherever he could capture
a vote, and every fellow who got scared
at the sight of a soldier or a gun during
I the war, or who had a bad cold or
stumped hla toe, has got his pension and
gone to town to whittle white pine,
while a few of the honest soldiers are
supporting nearly a million of Uncle
Sam's loaters and white pine whittlers.
The question now is how to get a public
pap to suck. When the democratic
calves are sucking the republican calves
stand around the lot and bawl. When
the national election opens the gates
and turns out the democratic calves
every little republican calf rushes in,
grabs a tit, shakes his tall and goes to
sucking.
The people looking on the depleted
treasury, gastng on their property re
duced to one-half its value, putting
their grain and stock upon the market
at half pice, pouring their hard-earned
money into the depleted tresamry of the
United States, in heavy taxes, are be
Sgining to look square In the face the
question of the absolute bankruptcy of
the United States unless something is
done. They have waited four years on
a wragitag congre, arom lifting with
each other and the President, and
I bringing no relet. They have stuck to
old party lines till hope has died within
Ihelr bosom, and now almost every
thoughtful citisen in the United States
has got his ears backed and is prepared
to kick the flltag out of any fellow that ]
crasks a party whip over him.
The old, party lines are fading out
and the country is organizing on the I
reina sad commta sinse of the com
mo people; organlsing on a basis to
seare speedy 1guislatin eO the ques
tiss that meet need immediate atten- 4
tUem. I leaked upon this as the most 1
mLrtaste thing that oeuld happen to
ez grest cammnwelth. This I a reO
gabilesa goveransmt. We need an Ia
ie at eltbmehbip. To have this we
art have irst a bee prem, with braid
4. -am aatf I at the eed, set
teaht a ss ad sha~mstes ea
party lash, but governed by patriotism,
intclligence and sense of right, instruct
ing the people honestly and impartially
0- on the great governmental questions of
the day. The common people are be
ginning to think more than ever on
out, government questions; they are begin
the ning to doubt, investigate and examine,
th. and the time is coming and ought
he quickly to come, when the masses of
the people will cease to be driven into
line by party lash wielded by corrupt,
Ink selfish and designing politicians.
tie , . .
de- If I should make a cartoon of the
er- government of the United States I
we would picture Uncle Sam standing
ian with his hands thrown up saying:
"- "Anything you want. gentlemen," to
the liquor king with his gun presented
ed on the right and the money king with
he his gun presented on the left. Money
and whisky have got the politicians,
and the politicians have got the gov
es, ernment. My hope has always been
Iut in the people. I have never had any
or hope in a politician except as he
rty feared the people and acted for the
people. People are aroused from one
ie end of this country to the other, and
dy well they may be, and the politicians
may look to hear thunder before long.
ed. Party lines are broken; the people
are thinking independently and the
ti- time has passed when a little pot poli
tician can take a drink out of his flask
thl and yell Jeffersonian democracy a few
is times and call the democrats into line,
ti-s hitch them to his little wagon, crack
his party whip and ride into office.
This country is bigger than any polit
ical party. Political parties have died
nk and the country has lived, and some
more can die and the country will be
better off by their death.
ire
'ed Debt slavery.
ag Chattel slavery could have been leg
or islated out of existence had it not been
ad for the intolerance of the slave power.
as, Not by proclaiming them free without
ire remunerating their owners, but by
le purchasing them, and forever prohibit
rs. lag slavery in the future. This would I
lic have been much cheaper than the war. I
Uc But the Slave Power in its arrogance
es would not permit it. The policy was
en compromise. It secured the Dred Scott
tes deeislon. It hung John Brown. But
res all these did not make it right. The
In, party leaders refused to settle it by
to legislation and the people rose up and
shot it to death. We have in this
country today a system of debt slavery.
ad Its burdens are greater than chattel
6- slavery imposed upon the blacks.
ag The people have been trying to settle
oat It by legislation. The creditors, the
ed owners of labor, are arrogant-insolent. I
he They want to extend their dominion
e- over the people as the slave power did
he over the blacks. The people are willing
of to pay their debts, but they insist on
is the right to pay in the dollar of the
on contract The creditors Insist on pay
th meat in a dollar of greater value. They
ad bribe the people's reprsentatives, the a
to executive and the courts. The income
in tax decision is almost a parallel to the
ry Dred Scott decision. The court of last f
as resort has declared for plutocratic
sd wealth. The people have lost cons
at daoe in government and respect for a
law. They are approaching the temper t
of revolution. Debt slavery must go. I
at Iu it is not legislated out of existence
*e that is, if the people are not given an a
- Iopportunity to pay their debts In' the
to dollar of the contract, they will shoot
*- debt slavery to death as they destroyed
a- chattel slavery. Nothing is ever set- I
t Itied until it is settled right, and debt a
to Jslavery Is o more right than was chat- 1
Stel slavery.
I- a
F6 There Is s getting around it. Thu I
M Questaea is now, as it has al
at ways bees, whether .e or m-w
aallU rl. - .
iA PLAIN PARALLEL.
HIRTORY OF ROME COMPARED
WITH AMERICA.
Step by Step the itoman Empire Ap
proached Floan l)issolutlon, and from
the Signs, History is Repeating ltselfra
Regards the United States.
Rome introduced to each other, as
her own subjects, all varieties of men.
The distinctive spirit of early Rome
was patriotism. The ambition of her
heroes was to achieve honor in the
service of the state, and the greed of
personal wealth was accounted be
neath their dinity.
The early laws establishel limits to
the occupancy of the public domain.
"Each citizen had his little home
stead plat, which was inalienable,"
as Henry George says, " and the gen
eral domain was subject to common
use."
As Rome became powerful and rich
there sprang up a class of greedy and
selfish aristocrats, who coveted both
the wealth and the power of the re
public.
The just laws were overborne and
became practically obsolete.
The great public -*corn lands"
were sliced up and drawn into private
property.
The rich landlords absorbed the
small proprietors and drove them into
tenantry and bondage.
n, Then came the (;racchi and their
t- attempt to cut short the lust of
y wealth. They were murdered by the
)f vulgar and shameless plunderers and
- monopolists.
n In the culmination of her destiny,
. Rome produced Caesar; but Caesar
, lived for Caesar, not for Rome. "*The
t mistress of the world could no longer
f give birth to god-like men, but only
to active and powerful human swine."
America also introduced to each
other, as her own subjects, all vari
eties of men.
The distinctive spirit of early
America was patriotism. The ambi
tion of her great men (in the early
g days) was the public good.
Under the administration of the
0 laws (in the early days) the citizens
d were secure in the occupancy of a
h bomstead plot, and the right to life.
Y liberty, and the pursuit of happiness
were declared to be inalienable.
The right to life, liberty and the
n pursuit of happiness includes the right
y to land and all the means of sustain
e ing life.
.e As America became powerful and
e rich there sprang up a herd of glut
4 tonous capitalists who coveted both
is the wealth and the power of the re
I. public.
All just laws were overborne with
Ic the consent and connivance of those
,e who had been intrusted to administer
I- them, and became practically obso
k leto.
W The great public domain was sliced
r, up by corrupt congresses, without
k constitutional sanction, among cor
porations which corporations carried
on an aggressive warfare against the
d people.
e The rich landlords absorbed the
small proprietors and drove them
into bondage, so that in 1895 fully 52
per cent of the people of America are
homeless, and the same proportion of
the population owns only .5 per cent
of the country's wealth.
o The shameless and vulgar mono
polists have no regard for a revival of
t the early American conscience; they
use a subsidized press to murder rep
utation: they deny seats in their con
c gress to men who were fairly elected,
and with the aid of their own judges
r they throw others into jail on blanket
injunctions invented for the purpose
of intimidating honest people.
t In the culmination of our destiny,
Amerieon produoed one Cleveland:
but Cleveland lived for Cleveland, not
for America
The mistress of the western world
oan.o loeger give birth to god-like
Smen, but only to active and powerful
human swine.
The cure for it all is direct legisla
tion by the people and representation
proportioued to citizenship instead of
cash.-Coming Nation.
I whyh es.s
Silver certificates are all right It
is the greenback, payable in gold or
silver, that reduces the surplua.
New Orleans Picayune.
And why is it so? It is not in
obedience to any statute, but simply
ia obedience to a ruling made by Mr.
Cleveland and Mr. Carlisle so as to
favor corporations by furnishing them
gold in exchange at par for green
baks, with which to pay interest on
their bonds held abroad; and to favor
bondholders and speculators by sell
Sing federal boads in time of peace to 1
- get gold to ,*redeem" the greenbacks
over sad over again.
Navew X* Argmeat.
I Sam Jones says "the whole man
hood of America is trying to hunt up
an easy job." There is no mistake
bmt lage nambers are tylag to finad
wages without work. That is why
some wast to start a greenback tac
a ery or leod the cooatry with 60-cent a
-elar.-El Paeo Herald.
From a man's utteraes- may be
be tide4 Thq Herald man m. bhie
kind have no argument, therefore de
pend on ridicule and falsehood. No
body wants a -"greenback factory" or
;D "50-cent dollars" not even the shal
low-pated creature who scribbles for
the Herald. lie, like most old party
editors, is controlled by his prejudices
P- and intolerance. and not being able
mn to answer the arguments ot l'opulists
u they depend on slander, ridicule, in
tolerant expressions, prejudice ano
falsehood. They are joined to their
idol, chained to the chariot of degra
as dation and are rapidly approaching
n. the end.
1e As to Sam Jones, he has sold out to
tr the goldbug element. and is a dis
te grace to his calling.
of -
EDITORIAL OPINIONS,
to We wou;d rather be anything elo
n. politically than a goldbug Democrat.
e- It is the foulest combination in crea
tion.--Monroe (La.) Bulletin.
- When Cleveland undertook to fur
n nish financial opinions for the whole
lh emocratic party he got hold of a
bigger contract than he will be able
d to carry out.-Independence Star and
SKansan.
e
Between abuse of the Populists and
d quarreling among themselves the
Democrats and Republicans have no
time to even consider anything for the
t benefit of the people. -Clarendon In
dustrial West.
le The purpose of the People's party
to is to build up not to tear down. It
believes that the government is not
ir so good but that it '-an be made bet
3f ter. It would legislate for the masses
te and riot for the classes. -Logansport
Id Advance.
(Greenbacks bear no interest, are
as good as gold in performing the
r money function and more convenient.
We Will the people see it retired and a
r money that * * * can be controled by
1 Shylock substituted for it?--Claron
don Industrial West.
i. C. P. Huntington violated the inter
state commerce farce (law), was in
y dicted and dismissed without a trial.
- l)ebs did not violate the law, did not
lyhave a trial and is in prison. What
remarkably different things the same
le machine turns out.-Kansas City Ap
Is peal to Reason.
a If the Populist demands as outlined
s, in the Omaha platform are just and
is right, if, when enacted into law, they
would secure to the laborer his just
ie reward, if they would protect every
it citizen in life, liberty and the pursuits
r- of happiness, then they are worth
contending for till the end of time.
d -Bowie Headlight.
t Every day lately my postoflice box
h has been tilled with copies of a New
'- ork daily Republican goldbug paper.
I am at a loss to know what the
h scheme: and it being a Republican
paper, I am at a loss to know why It
seems as greatly pleased at the result
of the boodle campaign of Mr. Brice
in Ohio as it is pleased at the result
d of the boodle campaign of Mr. Quay
a in Pennsylvania. --Claridge in San
d Antonio Express.
SIRead This.
The Populists of Gunnison county,
e ('olorado, through their central com
e mittee, have called the primaries on
2 the "Crawford County System," the
people voting in the primaries for the
f candidates for nomination, and the
t county convention. composed of the
return judges, will count and declare
the vote and the nominees. This
kills the caucus packing and conven
Y tion manipulation. -Pueblo Reform
Press.
Quite Sglnteant.
The following is quite significant:
LoOxuu, Sept. 6.--United States
Ambassador Bayard gave a dinner to
night in honor of lion. J. H. Eckles,
comptroller of the currency, and his
wife. Several English finlanlciers were
prasent.
What.is Mr. Eckles doing in Lon
I don? Is' he after boodle to carry the
"'sound money" campaign on? Is his
salary going on during his absence?
He ha no official business In London.
SProbably s.
When the people of a nation be
comes heavily obligated to English
usurers, the English government as
sumes a protectorate to enforce the
Scollection of the debt. There is talk
in certain circles of England of trying
that little game In this country, to be
assisted by the American money
kings. When that time comes the
Americans will rub their debt off the
slate and smash the collectors.---an
Jose (Cal.) New Charter.
Thklm Ag.lm.
S Municipal ownership is good in
theory but expensive in practice, and
as a rule encourages political com
bines in municipal taffairs.--Shreve
port Caucasian.
Possibly so. But monopoly owner
ship is undemocratic, more expensive,
and is one of the most fruitful sources
of corrupting public oficials known.
I TaL efforts of the Longview Times
I Clarion man at wit are stunning,
Scrushing, indiscribable and on a par
with his logic. Sosh brilliant writers
j should be more mereiful to the poor
downtrodden Populists. His gremat
m ew should precude him from auy
Sumeossl atltaok cas the defenselee.