. OUISIANA POPULIST.
Stblscriptio.n. µSI.00 it 1YcL. Tll.re, is No FIree Country. Unless the People t ulc. Price t-Q iL.
V()I,. I11.NATI'CII ilI'()( I lES, A,()UISIANA, SEPITEIMBR II, I 6. Nl. 1.
People's 1':rly Plat ilorm.
F'O('NI).\TIO(N 1'lli N('IPLS.
"ii'ilsr -Th:l t 1lliI1l ofT t i lIou!tl
f|'cesoi'. ff the 1 nits-d States this 1 ay
c'nIllIDl nInatº'd shall 1 'lll:lll'n l-nt
: wri seiletil. may its stirit ienfter
1ll h, I1 lrts ftr the .ll lt inlln of the
Sreulblicand tahe u li( i of of man
himnl.
,Sco ºd-\V e:tlth ihloºl s to, him
ivio erietels it. a t'I e er" i dollar
thken frn, isolnstry without on
eu vileihnt is robbitery. "If auy} will
not m 'rkl, uvitlh r sh.ll he eat."
The interests of rural a0d ivie
1 ihor arhethe ane; their illt .ei-ts
iire identical.
has come whe the, ratilroald Olrio
ratlions will either o ,\n the lir" l'
or the people iust own tite lail
roads, and shMhld the goveri'l tlit
enter upon the work of (owing or
inanag'ing any or .ill og the rail
roads, we should faivor nll menId
miiealt to the ilicstitutiIn by which
all persons enlgugad in lth, govern
lnent serviee shaIll e !a lt'ied undler
a civil service re.iulatio ' of the
most rigidi character, so as to
prevent the increase of the power
of the national admini.istration by
the use of sieh additional govern
ment empioyes. *
FINA NCE
First-W\e a demiualtd a. national
currency-sate, sound and tlexible
-isstied bv the general govern
ment only, a full legal tender Iir
all dobts, piublic llad private, and
that without the urse of hanking
eorporations, a just, equitable and
efticient neans of distri buting di
rect to tlt people at I tax not to
exetd 2 pe'r cellt per :nnin to be
irovided as set torth in the sub
treasury plan of the Farmers' Al
liance or a better systemi ; also by
payments in discharge of its obli
gations tbr public linprovemnellnts.
We demaud the free and unlimi
ted coinage- of silver and gold at
the present legal ratio of 16 to 1.
We denmaund that the amninit ot
circulating medium he speedlily in
creased to not less than ~31t) per
cailita.
WV demand a graduated inicome
tax. -
We believe that the money of
the country shorld he kept as much
as possible in the hands of the peo
ple, and hence we deimand that all
state and national reveunes shall
be limited to the necessary expent
asa of the government economical
ly and honestly adminismtered. .
We demand that the postal sa
vings bank be established by the
government for the safe delposit of
the earnings of the Iueople and to
facilitate exchange.
TRANSPORTATION.
Beeond-Transportaitionl being a
means of exchange and public ne
cesity the government should own
and operate the railrouads in the
interest of the people.
The telegraph and the telephone,
like the post oeffice system, being a
necessity for the transmission of
news, should be owned and opera.
ted by the government in the in
terest of the people.
LANDS.
Third-The lands including all
the resources of wealth is the heri
eta of the of the people, and should not
be monopolised for speculative par
upses, and alien ownership ahould
be prohibited. And lands now
held by railroads and other corpo
raos n excess of their actual
needs andall lands now owned by
aliens should be reelaimed by the
goverument for aetual purposes
Sonly.
THE
Banner§ Liberty,
A POPULIST JOURNAL
ABREAST OF THEp'IMES,
r 1sale be la the hands ot.every
to bealt o stang and wrong
delag. It i. aghtieg yeor battles,
emsa iso hald 5t it.
S"' aribe for I ead It and
'Advereas. I ts
08o DOLLAR A Y.ARL •
DOWN A DOLLAIR,
AND) (;T THE
AHKANSAS NlClIcR?.
Ily W. S. Morgan & G. A. Puckett,
Two-Hoss Editors.
(1araniteel to kick the stuffli.
tent otf :IIl the Il,.o'us, humll s.
wNh)oper.", (ellwkoo.-, em'-knl.s, (cI;I
i , dODllt' , tho;tle 1)11 ~: , ~ 1-4sL ts', t'iln
ier.s, tra itor; a;lld t I'lllllet' rs h'l
lplhllo'ratic nluarc'hy,
I.I T, P , OF I: OT
,-TI' I'F EVEl'l\ ':t - \\- .: ;: ,
.l.k:mst .~ politiesis ,t v\ti':n ar
tich.. L1i ts t" de locarnls in .\rkal
siti yet-biut the Kicker is alter em.
There's gwine to be a grantl stain
pbhe this year, and if you dhnt
read the Kicker you won't see the
FOIUR A(CES- AN I1) TIIlE
JOEl()KEt
Can't be heat, Neither can the
KICK'E'.
utiddeI of the roa l-heal up and
holts t-tlying.
Dlm't monkey wilh the
BUZZ SAW
It goes with the Kieker-both
for $1.0l. The spankiest road
team that ever stretched a tn.
W\V. S. Mortan, editor of the N.
R. P. A. plate and Ready Print
service, and the IBUZZ SAW, is
the "lead hoss" of the combination
with G o. A. lPackett on tother
endcl of the double-tree.
The scope of the KICKI R is
state, national, and international
educational, newsy, humorous, lit
erary, political and red-lhot.
Address your letter to
BUZZ-SAW,
Hardy, Ark.
The Silver Kninht and
The National
Watchman.
Senator William M. Stewart's
Great Weekly Newspa
per, Published at
\Vashhington,
I). C.
Is now a seven-colum n eight-page
paper, published on a $17,500.00
Perfecting Press. It now has 83,
784 bona tide subscribers, and at
the present rate of increase will
reacu the 250,000 mark within the
next ninety days.
Every issun is LOADED to the
muzzle with Grape and Canister.
Every charge is aimed directly at
the Gold-gamblers, the Enemies of
American Liberty. NOW is the
time to subscribe. The Campaign
now on, and no one can afford to
be without it. A Great National
Paper, pulliahed at the Nation's
Capitol, and giving all the Con
gressional News. Subscription
price, $1.00-a-year. We want a
good, live Agent in every commu
nity. For Terms to Agents, ad
dress
THE SILVER KNIGHT PUB. CO.
1420 N. Y. Ave. N. W., Washing
ton, D. C.
-THE
Cause Cure
GERMAN AND ENGLISH.
This is a neat thirty-two page
volume, containing fall report
ot Mr. Coxey's hearing be
fore Ways and Means
Sab-Committee.
Positively the
Greate t mpalgna Demme
For the least.moneylsued in
the interest of the Reform
movement. It fully explains
.how the Non-Interest Bond
system would Solve the'Mon
ey Problem; Solve the 8- Hoar Ques
tion; Believe the Country of Idle
labao; Settle 8ocialism; Promote
all Public Work; G(et Money Out;
Stop the Interest Drain; Ben
eit all the People all the time;
It will: Settle tie Immigration
Q stioo and it Bettles the
and B ilver Question; will
Abolilh Mualeipal Tax tion.
SAddres a ordetrs to
JAOOB$ COXlBY,
1rasilion. Ohio.
The State Normal School,
NATCIIITOCI1ES. LA.
lai1ntai ,ed lby the Sthate for the tranininr of
Teichers. .'ffords thorough prepara
t:onx foyr the profession of Teaching. ;
Full c ,urse of Acatldeinc studly, practical training in the art of
Techin, on. ' year of da:ily practice in nmildl schools under
Irnl cice of sk:llel trainIng: to:::hers. Class work ex- fi
i.mplii- t !: ,est of mnd ,rn thought in matter ti
:anml metlhc of instruction.
Diploma Eentilcs Graduate to teach in any public school of
Louisiana without examination.
Tuition fr'2, to Sttlents 'ho tench one year
after Graduation.
Entire Expenvse for sesNiost of ciglit ianouths, $110.*
Twelfth ,Annual Session begins OCT. 1, 1896.
FOR CATALOGUE WRITEE TO::-- r
B. C. CALL) WELL, President. t
CATAIRIHAL DISEASES, the $ymptoms, as Descri 'b
ed by Leading, Scientific, Medical Men. K
O CATARRH OF THE HEAD CATARRH OF THE BRONCRIAL TUBES. a
Is the most prevalent form of Csarrh, When Catarrh of the Head and Throat 1s
and results from neglected colds. Left Unchecked It Extends Down the iF
Ts the breath bad . r..; Windpipe Into the Bronchial Tubes t
Do you spit up slime and in Time Attacks the Lungs
Do you ache all over Have you a cough
Do you blow up scabs Hve you cough
Is your nose stopped up Are you losing flesh
Does your nose discharge. Do you cough at night
Does your nose bleed easily Do you take a cold easily
Ih there tickling in the throat Is your appetite variable c1
1o crusts form in the nose Do you sough until you gag tl
Is the nose sore and tender Are you low spirited at times 9
Do you sneeze a great deal Do you raise frothy material
Is this worse towards night Do you spit up yellow matter
Is thern pain in front of head Do you cough on oing tbed
Is there pain across the eyes Do you cough in the morning
P1 there lain in back of head Is your cough short and hacking
Ty your sense of smell leaving Do you pit up littlecheesy lump s
l "o you hawk to clear the throat Is there a ticklring behind the pal
Is there a dropping in the throat ate
Is the throat dry in the morning Do you feel you are growing weaker o
Are you losing your sense of taste Is there a burningpain in the throat
Do you sleep with your mouth open Do you cough night and morning a
Does your nose stop up towards Do you have to sit up at night to
night breath
CATARRH OF THE KIDNEYS.
CATARRH OF THE EARS. Catarrh of the Kidneys Results Either
Catarrh Extends from the Throat Along from Colds or from Overwork of the t
the Eustachiug Tubes into the Ears Kidneys in Separating from the Blood
Causing Defective Hearing. the Poisons that Have Been Absorbed i
Is your hearing failing from Catarrh of Other Organs.
Do your ears discharge Is the skin pale and dry d
Are the ears dry and scaly Do the legs feel too heavy
Do the ears itch and burn Is the skin dry and hard
Have you pain behind the ears Is the hair dry and brittle
Is there a throbbing in the ears Has the skin a waxy look
Are you gradually getting deaf Are they cold and clammy
Is there a buzzing sound heard Do the joints pain and ache
Do you have ringing in the ears Is there nausea after eating
Are there crackling sounds heard Is there a pain in the small of the
Is your hearing bad cloudy days back r
Do you constantly hear noises in the Is the arin dark and cloudy
ear 9 Are the eyes dull and starirtg
Do you hear better some days than Do your hands and feet swell
others Has the perspiration a bad odor t
Do the noises in your ears keep you Have you a pain in top of head
awake Is there puffiness under the eyes
When you blow you nose do the Is there a desire to get up at night
eara crack Doeji deposit form when left stand
Is your hearing worse when yoti ingj r
Lave a cold Have you a chilly feeling down the a
CATARRH OF THI LIVER. - backo you tin beore the
Do yo se spot in befr the
The Liver IsAffceted by (atarhThrough eyes1 t: t
the Disease Extendlag from the Stom- . Catarrh of the head, throat, bron
chel into the Tubes of the Liver. chial tubes and ears are all directly
Are you irritable the result of germ or microbe life- c
Are you nervous : living minute lice--and the same n a
AreDo you gervoust diz be removed with the only germ killer I
aveDo you get dieny . on earth; the only germ killer that is
Do you feelmiserable ."" harmless to human bein._ , Swamp"
Is your memory poor Angel Medicine.
Do yon get tired easily
Is yr eight blred Liver Pills!!
Have you a pain in theback - .
Cant you explain where . p L...
Diseased liver or catarrh of the Swamp Ansel Liver Pill a t r with the
liver can be'quislly and permanently gatSt 5u Bad the Hut rrltatlob. Be
cured by usng a pintbottle of SwTmp sure m y tlake i subatitute. Small box
Angel eidcne nm oonnnectiom wirth a 10 e as, laule box Seanats, by a I
6-cent box of Swamp Ange Pills. : 1arment wme,
ITake no substitute, there can be no h f e e e t hoe so
Isubitute for Swamp Angel Prepara- Ij rpt swamp Angel Kad. for 0o 1
Youa should not let your druggist - j t s i o"
deaeive you by sayingthey are frau ds pa, sO
sim yi be e ot got theI jo 1 do0spt.
Addram or aywhoeJdrqle I
s that he get Swamp Angel eOmpi d. Iy.
. FOR SALEIN NATCHITOCHES BY
Mc. K. Holston.
Peop! c's rt."' i Pl\t.
form.
Fnll Teit of tIe one ido ptled
sat tI. Louis 1
'The fo'llo\win !; ther :It fplttlll :11111 Ito
olltilld aetl 1 :1 t `t. Irt a ]iii
the p rI'e leh, I':'rty (W o l\',"llt . (.,"!1 i
1;. W \'eltver theitLehanl tan': of t:!' t' ":nt
1lli0ttc nil 1->a Utll ;
Th,, Pl'c~lhe' party a.enldhh I in na
tion : vonv'.nti on. rl ii i t"l , iti I !i i I
:lne to the principle; er Iarc i byI th'
ful ern lti t of t l0 )ep !i", :llr I a!<i to t1."
fulla tenll l 1Oi l t in iptli if jai- t a ,overrn
ll'leit :l; t oll(i a:tt 'il iil, 1!1 i' :tts in '. t i f.
the par'ty in fl',. We i r,,t ui/t' t1h.t
thr-otu h tlhe t conlliv n e of the pr'-hl.-t
:u .I ,lre f illo) t a initrlitionlll ll' tl.ie-1 1
trt - hais raVttIt lil t - it i in it 1- l 10tir1'!
i it lpredict', in our a ti ,'l:t ration i ,tur
yea.rs a -o, and patrioti":u'tion i< th," -I
lcrt tm t ditty tof the hi lo(lr. \iti . rnl at' iI
that wf hilelo e hta v clra t t' oit i:, if ,ip *n I
'n', V dein naniia i an initu-trial inh,
pitrn tnet, is yet to tle a ttain ,le nl r
tiring to o, r lountry It:. contit ]tin::
control ue laxurl eisue of the function
rietl eary to, a ,oftpil," gov lll nt.
\hllit'h fultctrioll;< l!ha;l't lv 'l 10-,n b ly ;n 1+
rthe Vrtelt bv ourlt pu!i" SOt iVIant tIo ilt
rupt moitino forl. The ct in!-t ,'t of thtc,
]it ltn ,l;,:tln mnne.;y 'h, .l - hr; le ht ",:t
lm r)e potent in shaptn legi-.utin th'n
the voice iof t lhe an IIt rica ll ], t i'," e 'i -
,'lntive lpom er aill |:ttrl , agct ut' hav,. b ,n I
uted to co''rrpt our imit hltri'- au I
defa t thin e will if thcll ip lrc. a-twl
plutoc'rat, has beet)n ellthlrotel upon) th.,
runltls of D)t'ml'i(,r'atV. 'T f it -t,tI"re "h'
goan vetnu nt inllt,'iel th, I e atherit t :,lt -
ifor the welfare anti pti 't -lrpiity t of thi
and future telnerationt,. w\e dsal-t, th.
estatlisiulnent of an e omicale jst liv:e] -
cial systenm which shall make u; m'i:t,'rs
of our o fit a tfairs anld inhlterni ltt if
European c.ntrol. by the :lioption of
the following dtclaratio of prf Inciles:
;FINANCE
r1. nWe lndeandl a natind I thu' jnere.
safe and istratiound. issued Iy the gct nt : itll
governmtent ofly, with outi the interven- I
tion of banksls of ie. to IAl a full' legItal
t. nderfor delts. puh lic and private, atr I
a jwillt. eqitable and eclliit int means of
distribution direct to the people and r
through the lawful disbursetents of the tt
government,
2. We dema:ntld theL frt' andt unre-'l
stricted coinage of silvr an i I goldl at
the present legal ratio of 111 to 1. with- t
out waiiting frations fthe -rr'nt of flrig t
iations,
3. We demant the vmoltun of irc t -ontt
lax. to ting e enl :etadily increa-el wlto I
an amount senli i.titll t e i tinhe de
maprntis of it. ibll nilnte lºili' atitl ollf
thisttcountiy and to restore ithe just live'
of prices c. of labor acnli pni'er ton.
4. W'e denotlllle that sale of avintld
and the increase oflit the vpubli intertenh
or tin e safed det mof the by thell present I
administration, As uinlce..sarv and it ith
out authority of law. and demand that
no flore boni s l isaltd except by a
sp. itinsp acrtt of togr. o
5. We demand suca h legal leissity ation
mas will revenlt the detlmnetizatinl of
the lawful money of thee PnitediState
by private all may ontrac te t.
m. We temafnd that the government
in payment of its obligations shall ser
its option a to the kind of lawful moti n
ey whi ch they are to ie paid, a"nn we
denounce the prevent and proceeding
admthe inistrations for surrenderig this
option is to the Iholders of government ob
ligations
2. We deman the graduated ineonmt
tax. to the end that aggrt'egaited wealth
shall ear jut gurd asl rtipnr of taxati on.
anthe we denlfar une tas vit tision of thr
supreme couof rt, istin relation to thle itnl
tax law, thes a misinterpretlation of the
low defatiltion and t l in, aio.nt of the
rightful power.; of congrv' over the
suof jet of taxation. tt
8. We delmandi that' postal saving;
sanks be established by the gvernmentll
for the safe deposit of the people and
to fproilitate iexchange.
TRANSPORTATION.
1. they rane sportation l ing at a reaons of
exchange and a public necessity the gov ,
ernment should own and o.perate the
railways in the interest of he poys fple
and on a nonpartisan f bais, to the end the
that all may ao rded the sapre trinfamot
ment in transportathion an, that the
thereto be exeuolitiedal power now editer
which cordin esult ir true inteint and spiri,
t. The destrueletinrph, lif tle olitical ritsce
yownertmhip isin a nessit for tlishe gradns
allmis in a niler eonsisteou with sown nd
opra2. Te Iy the n ttverut ent in tlle i'u
lgrnt of lnthe o i l: ai rilwas
•tcreat of the peo,|ll..
T1'he 1 '1" n1 .! ll:, in ie I" i,"t .
Pr lo re t I ll, \V iu oI~tI. L .
1:. 1'. WVarwnt. E Ltt
11. L\ . Iht'in , i: !;i
lrli: ncc IFanne ,,nr, ,ome1. I.
\ .l : l iy t, I 'di) t
Lakehwhle I-view,,-I,l ,kes-l ,. L 1.
t '. 1F'. & N.. I. tller, lI.:!,,, .
J. i'. ),il , 6i i ,.
T he l'e, )lh 's F l rien 1 1I, .... '. .i! .. It ,
lI . L. 31c !l,,I . E lit,
i'u it ,r\'illse II. r,tl, F n r1:. if t ilt I
I1.T. J1 hn.ldol . i 1Ehisu,
The New Itoa'1, Lia!ke ('I' It-' . , .
Tle 011a Signal, 01 1,i, L:º.
Atil. B. Il g ni ,lri I': !1't
rTh te I oile r 's all, .Built. ''i .
Bauler of L.lit'lty, lindelh, u1;..
'u e l e'' c ii l uhi 1t li'ng frid .. li' !
l'eollth's Party 'Tribune, \Wa lin
toll, Lai . J. Ii , i ui nltet , :i11i 1
('aleas iil lfttreflirer, Oilerlini, La.
l t. 11. opr i oL r,l I'itl Sttr.
sli'Iliturul (ant' ireaenil', (' fr.ll 'iii'a ,
l\. A. !lilbreth, lEdiitr.
I.AN I).
a1. Th i ili"h lli.y Ide tinl 1< it It tat
tioral an I . t ttil 1,, islati,,n .h1.11 h , - "h
as will t nil tiit !y inailh ,vti ry l\" i t
rlitnt and ilind s' htri i eitit, I to ,,i 7 -, iI
hErior , and therefore th1 I'rr1 I Shoi..i i t
uIemont l Ft lized filr. ftc lat: \,i trll Ifi'-l,
All land, IngiuI hIIlt Iby railway' I
ith ltr 'orp ratittiolt it ieiri of their :"
tu:l ned.. sholo l Ii' ltawfill llLt * ,n=
reclaimeind llby the ii ovrnliu nt and e in'ii
for actual lsett, lers tonly, .i ral ,I i 1lt 1.i
it tIno oly as well ai alieU olni'nlthi.
the lia i l' grantl i to the Pacipit rl ilc mtar
-iohpani htai t through Ih ciinnivtei u
of th it- tr'ii, dziartl nt will, t'r litt tt11hil
htiitug . t If, ial hu onaidi h s'"ttleri of their
hotlin , ' i t ii ii'n ts of ielir tcl'lit ilI, :,i
Wtv ' ll! in ,l I"i-i ltion blI v ch nu 1'(' r,, w tl:e-,
will cifor til'he g \nat i ltioll ifi' inrll Lt'
lalnd flrom t l lth gr.nti aftr alll : I it ' l it
IIrn'f p:llt t.
S11. i Iontianli that Ilona fi, tll, i. ,
uon all put li l i1:al t eI gra l I ,
hlnirm . a lri vide I ilil Ih ls natiniil
homestead that 'lt. landi, tllt:t n lll ai
It her', in the Ele-, of Ill Ihalt r-,l t I
Biou ls W lt)l o'ie,' I f, ir s'0 ' n1,o 'lit :1,
itlat all lant not w th' w h:lt edtt llc , lil
l h le Ihtic ttilit d.
DIRECT LEGIILATION.
We fravor a site), Of dllir.l -I z! '
tin through thel i ititiiaive ariii rfeiti t
duln ndelr proper oaniitut;otlti ".
i.:gNEiIAL PROPOSITIONS
1. we demand tthl"toIhln of iirei,
dent. vice president and 'uited itate4
senator; ty a direItiCe, itll the, ll di
an. We t"nder to the patriotic .ol o
of (!1111:1 our ,thl-le t villpallih ill t"',
heroi struggle for politicall frelldoim andl
inhdelp den e.i , and w ,e I.liev, the tl!."
habenuhme when tit( I'uite,, Si at «s. No
great- -t re itrb'i, of Ih," world. aoulbi
recognize t, l.t t 'ilC a i. ; i i, d ha , rilt
hi bei a free an: iuhlien'l, nt 't:.t ".
'. \'W e favor humla,, ruil in the t'"rri
tories and the dit'str:t of olutilmibi: i a 't
,arly ahdmi.ioi of til t- territhrit,+ as
.l :l I,...
4. All puhllti ,,lu'ivs holU I I t. iid
1.41 correl'+pold with the price tit ilaor an I
its pro ct'r . A.
:a. ItI Limie;-of 'great inlIstri'l de
pression, idle labor .lh l III- e,.ll y hv,,l
iin pu lie work. a; far ais lpr:acti.'. ul,.b
i. The ari'trary coprse of the can: t
ii asslllu illn L.) ilnlm riyon .itio..iH for ,I
direl't contempt ll hou* l rh prev-, t ",I Ii,
pr-p,,r le'i-lation.
7. li .... tha. i". _h.'t . ....ra -
VlIn!t..