LOUISIANA POPULIST.
Subscription. 51.00 a Year. There is No free Country. Unless the.People Rule. Pricc 5 Cents.
VOL. III. NAT'CIIIT)OCJ IIES, IO)UISIANA, SEPTEMBER 25, 1896. N>O. 6.
! People's YParlty P'latto.
FOUNDATION PRINCI PLES.
First-That nimon or tne labor
forces of the iUnited States this day
consumltlnted shall tiw permanent
ntil perpetnul, may its spirit enter
all hearts for the ,salvation of the
republic and, the uplifting of man
kind.
Second-Wealth belongs to hi m
who creates it, and every dollar
taken from industry without an
equivalent is robbery. "If any will
niit work, ineither shal:l he eat."
The interests of rural and civic
labor are the same; their interests
arel identical.
Third--We delieve that thel tim
has come when the r;ailroadl corpl,
rations will either own the lCeople
or the peoile must own the rail
roads, and should the governmlanlt
enter upon the work of owing or
managing any or adl og the rail
roads, we should favor an Ilmiend
nient to the coustitution by which
ll persons engagad in thla govern
meut serviee shall be placed undler
a& civil service regulation of the
most rigid character, so as to
prevent the increase of the power
of the national admniiistration by
the use of such additional govern
ment empioyes.
FINANCE
First-We demand a national
eurrpncy-sate, sound and flexible
-issued bhv the ýeneiral govern
ment only. a full bg.tl tender for
all ,ldhts. pnblic· aild private,, and
tlhat without tlte uns, of manki;nt
eorºr-:tiot' (, a just. equitable anti
eflicienti, mIaaut' of hdistri'utti-iP di
reot to the peoplh at a t:ox not to
exet ed 2 per cent per annum to be
provided as set forth in tlhe snh
treasury plan of the Farmers' Al
liance or a better systm ; also by
payments in discharge ot its obli
gations for public improvemnents.
We demand the free and unlimi
ted coinage of silver and gold at
the present legal ratio of 16 to 1.
We demand that the amonnt of
circulating medinm he speedily in
ert..aed to not less than $3t) per
capita.
We demand a graduated income
tax.
We believe that the money of
the country should be kept as much
as possible in the hands of the p~o
lde, and hence we denmaud that all
state and national revenues shall
be limited to the necessary expen.
aMs of the governmenlt economical
1 sand honestly administered.
We demand that the postal sa
vings beak be established by the
goverament for the safe deposit of
e earnings of Ithe people and to
h dlitate ezehange.
" TBANSPORTATION.
8econd-Tramsportstion being a
meanl of exchange and public ne
easity the government should own
and operate thl railroads in the
nlteres of the people.
The telegraph and the telephone,
likhebhe poet e$e system, being a
nemesljy Ar -the transmission of
news, hold be owned and opera
Std by the government in the.in
teast of the people.
LANuS.
TMid-lTheas b inelading all
the gpt w eth is the heri
ga.t es and should not
hbe spemalative per
m owerrabip s hoald
Anb lands now
1 mes med all leais new owned by
v dis steI s be vuIsimed by the
.' I...I .rL s  IIaI Ioes
Sble the lhbee ar
ail  sad
yemr ausu
aet etr
I PLUNK
DOWN A DOLLAR,
r AND GET TIlE
ARCKANSAS KICKIER.
r By V. S. Morgan & (;. A. Puckett,
Two-Hoss Editors.
1 Guaranteed to kick the statling
r out of all the hoodoos, hnnlumlu s.,
I whoopers, cuckoos, cockneys, cei
1 quers, doodlc-bugs, despots, tri:m
iers, traitors aund trumpeters for
plutocratic anarchy.
EIGHT. PAGES OF IIOT
STUFF .'EVEIRY WEEK.
.1 rkansas1 polities is a warm a
tide. Lots of democrats in Ark;an
sas yet-but the Kicker is after em.
There's gwine to be a grand stain
r Plbo this year, and if you dout
read the Kicker you won't see the
fun
FOUR ACES ANI) THE
r JOKER
Can't be beat, Neither can the
r KICKER.
Middel of thc ro t4-headnup and
heels a-flying.
Don't moakey with the
BUZZ SAW
It goes with the Kicker-both
r for $1.00. The spankiest road
I team that ever stretched a tug.
\V. S. Morgan, editor of the'N
I R. P. A. plate and Ready Print
service, and the BUZZ SAW, is
º the "lead hoes" of the combination
J'- o~ o. A. Puckett on tother
- end of the double-tree.
The scope of the KIC-gER is
rstate, national, and international
- educational, newsy, humorous, lit
erary, political and red-hot.
Address your letter to
. BUZZ-SAW,
Hardy, Ark.
; The Silver Kninht and
The National
Watchman.
I Senator William 11. Stewart's
Great Weekly Newspa
1 per, Published at
I Washington,
D.C.
Is now a seven-column eight-page
- paper, published on a $17,500.00
e Perfecting Press. It now has 83,
1 784 bona fide subscribers, and at
the present rate of increase will
reacn the 250,000 mark within the
next ninety days.
Every issue i LOADED to the
m.szle with Grape and Canister.
Every charge is aimed directly at
the Gold-gamblers, the Enemies of
American Liberty. 1NOW is the
time to subeeribe.. The Campaign
now on, and no one' can afford, to
be without it. A GrOet National
Paper, paplished at the Nation's
Capitol, and giving all the Con
-gressional News. Subscription
price, $1.00-a-year. We want a
good, live Agent in every commu
nity. For Terms to Agents, ad
dress
THE SILVER KNIGHT PUB. t.O.
1420 N. Y. Ave. N. W., Washing
too, D. O.
-THE
Cause Cure
GERMAN AND ENGLISH.
This i a neat thirty-two page
volaume, eomtalnlng full report
et Mr. Coxeys hearUg be
p sre Ways and Mean
8ab-Oommlbae.
Poltively the
Per the lesoainld il
I ovemest.a It illy explaias
how the ioam-l ereet Bond
S ; Sold Solve thueMao
t Re i ev,* the Coomtry of Idle
I S~ r ci ttle Seiallsm; Prmeote
al PaMe Work ; Get Moey Oat;
Seep the ltssess Drain; Bin
II! ah tiM ele l th time;.r:
Manl Ive l ; will
- kAIa Me lm i t~a ti.
- a -s mIn ason.
Surecessa r
The State Normal School,
NATCHIITOCIES. LA.
Maintained by the State for the traininq of
Teachers. Affords thorough prepara
tion for the profession of Teachin".
Full course of Academnu study, practical training in the art of
Teaching, one year of daily practice in model schools under
guidance of skillkl training teachers. Class work ex
emi)lifics the best of modern thought in matter
and method of instruction.
Diploma Eentiles Graduate to teach in any public school of
c uiii r a without examination.
Tuition free to Students who teach one year
after Graduation.
Entire Expense for se.sion of eight::months, $110.
Twelfth Annual Session begins OCT. 1, 1896.
FOR CATALOGUE WR\\ITE TO`
B. C. CALD WELL, President.
OATARRHAL DISEASES, the Bymsptrme, as Describ
ed by Leading, tcentific, MeCdical men.
0 CATARRH OF THE HEAD CATARRH OF THE BRONCHIAL TUBES.
Is the most prevalent form of Catarh, When Cmtarrh of the Head and Throat Is
I and results from neglected colds. Let Unchecked It Extends Down the
Is the breath bad Windpipe Into the Broehial Tabes
Do you spit np slime .
Do you cpit alime andin Time Attacks the Lugs.
Do you ache all over
Do you blow up scab Have you a coug ,
Is your nose stopped up --' Are you losing flesh .
Does your nose discharge. Do you cough at night
Does your nose bleed easily Do you take a cold easily
Is there tickling in the throat Is your appetite variable
Do crists forri in the noes Do you sough until aou win
Is the nose sore and tender Ar yO low stti
Do you sneeze a great deal Do you rs froty Material
Is this worse towards night Do you s p py ila _ Ur
Is there pain in front of head Do y o om l goings to bed
Is there pain across the eyes Doyou cough in t e morning
lh there pain in back of head Is your cough short and hacking
is your sense of smell leaving Do you spit up little cheesy lumps
])o you hawk to clear the throat btthm a tickling behind the pal'
Is there a dropping in the throat at f
Is the throat dry in the morning Do yo feel you are growin weaker
Are you losing your sense of taste Is thre a b pninp am in tm thr
Do you sleep .with your mouth open Do you cough night and mornings
Does your nose stop p towards Do you have to at up at ight to
night breth
CATARRU OF THE IIDNEYS
CATARRH OF THE EARS. Catarrh
Catarrh Extends from the Throat Along from Colds or freer Overwork of the
the Eustaching Tubes into the Ears Kideys In Separating frome the Blood
Causing Defetive Hearing. the Poisons that Have Been Absorbed
Is yeur hearing failing rem Catarri of Other Organs
Do your earsn diachale Is th aki pn ale sad dry
Are the ears dry and scaly Do the legs feel too heavy
Do the ears itch and burn Is the akin dry and hard
Have you psin behind th ears Is the hair dry and brittle
Is there a throbbing in the ears Has the skin a waxy look
Are you gradually getting deaf Are they sold and clammy
Is there a buzzin sound heard Do the joints pain and ache
Do youu have rgng in the ear  thr , s attrreasting
Are there raklingunds heard Is thereapain inthe small of the
ls your hearing bad cloudy days bee
Do you constantly hear nmes o the Is the in dark and cloudy '
ar Are the eyee dlland starng
Do you hear better some day tln Do yor hds and feet wel
others Has the perspiration a bad odor
Do the noises in your ears keep you Have you a rn in top of head
.awake Is there puaneu under the eyes
When you blow you nose do the i there a desire to get up at night
ears crack oes a deposit form when lef stand
Is your hearing worse when yoeIu il
have a cold ave you a chilly feeling down the
CATARRK OF TN) LIVEN. ba before the
The lUer Is AEreet by (arrb Theesgh -
the Disese Rxtending fo the St o- (atrl of the head, throat, bron
se snto the Tubs oft the liser. chil tubs and ears are all directly
Areyou iritble . thrnlt ftero a i liife- -
Are you nr us .. livgminute ie-sad the same ean
oyoue dium ;.-. bae rmoved with the only iller I
, Doe you oetedissy ,. e arth;the onlygerm l that is
i ou memor ,cOnn__._ _ to ___, s b M.ee, by _ ...
Is ye ee ihtmp blrJel Pill -met .
Tave yOu aI pub thebabk
I sdm a lier atarh A e P thea Sarp Angst User P act w the
gl kadlehe y ounreLm with a l* ret , lgbeI S.Oemb, by so
a Oaubit tre, r there san her r * a hr'rel
I t'dhat e for Sap mp Angel Prp .s . t 0
ti Mc. K. Holsto .
MVc. KI Hoiston.
People's Part" Plat
form.
Fall Text of the onse Adopted
at St. Louts.
The following is the platformn and res
olutioiis adopted at St. Louis by
the People's Party Convention. ;'Gen. J
B. Weaver being chairman of the coin
mnittee on resolutionsll :
The People's party assembled in na
tional convention. reatlirms its al egi,
ance to the principles declared Iy the
founders of the republic, and also to the
fundamental principles of just govern
ment as enunciated in the platform of
the party in 1892, We recognize that
through the connivance of the present
and previous administratios the coun
try has reached a crisis in its national
ife predicted in our declaration tour
years ago, and patriotic action is the su
preme duty of the hour. We realize
that while we have political independl
ence our financial and industrial inde
pendence is yet to be attained by res
toring to our country the constitutional
control and exercise of the functions
neces-ary to a people's government,
which functions have been basely sur
rendered by our public servants to cor
rupt monopolies. The influence of the
Republican money changers has been
more potent in shaping legislation than
the voice of the American people, ex
ecutive power and patronage have been
used to corrupt our industries and
defeat the will of the people, and
plutocracy has been enthroned upon the
ruins of Democracy. To restore the
government intended by the fathers and
for the welfare and prosperity of this
and future generations, we demand the
establishment of an economical tinan
cial system which shall make us masters
of our own affairs and independent of
European control, by the adoption of
the following declaration of principles:
F1NANCEI
1. We demand a national money,
safe and sound, issued by the general
government only, without the interven
tion of banks of issue, to be a full legal
tender for debts, public and private, and
a just, equitable and efficient means of
distribution direct to the people and
through the lawful disbursements of the
government,
2. We demand the free anI unre
stricted coinage of silver and gold at
the present legal ratio of 16 to 1, with
out waiting jpr the consent of foreign
Itions,
 ~4emand the volume of circu
lating medliuir be speedily increased to
an amount suflicieun 4to meet the de
mands of the business popnlation of
this country and to restore the just level
of prices of labor and production.-..
4. We denounce the sale of monds
and the increase of the public interest
bearing bonded debt madlc by the present
administration, as unnecessary and with
out authority of law, and demand that
no more bonds be issued except by ia
specific act of congress.
5. We demand such legal legislation
as will prevent the demonetization of
the lawful money of the Unite I States
by private contract.
6. We demand that the government
in payment of its obligations shall use
its option as to the kind of lawful mon
ey in which they are to be paid, and we
denounce the present and preceeding
administrations for surrendering this
option to the holders of government ob
ligations
e7. We demand the graduated income
tax, to the end that aggregated wealth
shall bear its just proportion of taxation,
and we denmunee the decision of the
supreme court, in relation to the incotue
tax law, as a misinterpretation of. the
constitution and an invasion of the
rightful powers of congress over the
subject of taxation.
8. We demand that postal savings
banks be established by the government
for the safe deposit of the people and
to;.fscilitate exchange.
TRANSPORTAtION.
1. Transportation being the means of
exchange and a public necessity the gov
ernment should own and operate the
railways in the interest of the people
and on a nonpartisan basis, to the end
that all may be accorded the same treat
ment in transportation, anti that the
tyranny and political power now exer
clised by the great railroad corporations.
which result in the impairment, if not
the destruction, of the political rights
of the citizens, may be destroyed. iSuch
ownership is to be accomplished grad~
all in a manner consistent with souslI
2. The interest of the United States
in the public highways built with public
money and the proceedo s of extensive
grts of land to the kacimic 'ailways
ould never be aleinated, mortgaged
or sold, but guarded and protected for
the welfare as provided bthe laws or
ganizinr such rallways. he oreclus
ure of tnhe existing liens of the United
States on these roads should at once fol
low default in the payment of the debt
of the companies and at the foreclasure
sales of said reads the government shall
purchase the same if it becomes necessa
ryto protect its interests therein or if
they can be purchased at a reasonable
prie; and the government shall operate
said railways as public highways for
the benefit of the whole and not in the
interest of the few, under suitable pro
visions for the protection of life and
roperty, giving to all transportation
aterests and prfvileges equal rates for
fares and freight..
8. We denounce the present Infamous
schemes for refunding these debts and
demand that the laws now applicable
'thereto be executed and adnunister.d
aordingn to their true intent and spirit.
4. The telegraph, like the postomoe
I system, being a neceso t for the trans
mission of news, should be owned and
operated by the goverament in the. 1i
tereras of the peopl:
BEFOIM PRESS 01' LOUII-
4'A.
The Comrade, \Vinuieibt, L.1.
.\ W\. lailey, Editor.
Progressive 1.ge. Ruston, L:a.
E. F. \acrreon, Editor.
Louisiana Populist, Natehitoehes,
Il. L. Brnan, Editor.
Alliance Farmer, Ilomer, La.
W. C Flynt, Editor.
Lakeside Review, Lakeside, La.
J. F. & N. L. Miller, Editors!
People's l)cmands, Cl:'si, L,:.
J. E. Du1nn, Editor.
The People's Friend. Letesville, Ilt.
L. L. MIc.klpin, E,limu,.
Farmerville Herahl, lFalrtnerville,
B. T. Johuso:t, E'hitor.
The New Hoad, Lake (hal..:rl<, Ia.
Saec. liowery, Elitor.
The Olla Signal, Olla, ia.
'A. It. lndlehy, E!litor.
The People's Call, Atit ll City. li,
[Elazry D)ces, Elit.or,
Bauner of Liberty, Mindlen, La.
People's Publi'ng Co., In:':I
People's Party Tribune, \\aVtshinti
,:, La. J. II, Humble, E:li'r.
Calcasieu RiTormer., Oberlin, L.a.
G. If. Poor, Editor.
Graud Cane Ileacon. (Grand ('ane.
\. A. (;ibreth, Editor.
LAND
1. The true poli.y dinanti t!a:it tin
liona! and 'tatle Is.an timon hall bl sui.h
as will ultimately enabie every pronvi
dent andl indii trioti e, itlien to se,.nre a
home, and therefore the Ilad shli.d not
bemonopolized for spieculat iv e purp es.
All lands bing held hy railw a e and
other corporations in exesc, of their ac
tual needs, should by lawful! nans he
reclaimed by the governmntit and heht
for actual settlers only. and private iand
monopoly as well as alien owuersh:p
should be prohibited.
2. We condemni the fraudsi by whie.h
the land grants to the Pa itic railwar:i
comp:anies have through the conniva:t,,
of the interior diepartimnt r l, Ir 1 rtil
titudes of e"ptal Iona ti tl ;,tt.ers ;f the r
homes aUnd uiner:4 of t' ',r '..kilms..inlt
we denmand leislatin by ',onre..s winc'!l
will inforee the exe..,pti'tn of mineral
lands from su,.h gran;, afte. :;; well as
before patp.ent.
- We demnanl th:t .boi.a f~e ,t: r
on all putblie lands '. g.'antld fre
homes, as Ipr*ot , : tin aitin:l
homestead law. n:t.nt'_ ai t eladt iý
be made iln the n.e c ,i; lLan riserva-.
tions when open., I for -'tt'. 'mnt an I
that all lands not now patened conime un
der this demand.
Di)IRECT LEGISLIATION
We favor a system of th t legi:,a
tion through the initi:tiv" an . 'ef. - '
dumo under proper cost:t onld -. ga
guards
GENERAL PROPOSITIONS
1. We demand the election (of presii
dent, vice president and United States
senators by a direct vote of the people.
2. We tender to the patriotic people
of Cuba our deepest svinpathy in the
heroic struggle for poli iv: fr ,loiu and
independence. and 'ye Is'uev. the tin,.
has come whin the L',ite, I Stat.es, tae
greatest republic of the worl.. -l. ui
lreognize thaIt Cuba - . ,n I, . ! --,
to ise, a free and indepn'l: nt stalb..
8. Wle favor how' ri;1e in the 'ei.
tories and the district of Coluininia -,,
early lamission of the t'rrttutie' a
states.
4. All public salari.s slihul.' '" ma
to correspond with the price of labor a.. .
its product.
5. In times of great inlus:, i'ral d.
pression. idle labor should Ib ~,n i , I
on public works as far a; .
6. The arbitrary court.
in assuming to impri on citiz.
direct contempt shol I lte prey .n.
proper legislation.
7. We favor jin t to.,;~,r , . or . ,r
disabled Unico .,lhliers.
8. Believing that the elecve ,"
chilse and au uutram:n.1 !, '*..t ,r -
sential to a govir-:. .: ,, r :ut ! ,"
the people, toe i',*ipleh' p1rt \.o:, e.. -
the wholesale  . tw, o of sirai ..
nient adopts'd iii sonf stat."s a. unr.
puldican and uiid.nier ,ti, an, 'v I- -
elare i t .s ie tihe ~it, 4 he cvieral
state elgislatuil-n ti take .-h action as
will secure a lull, free and fair lallot
and an hOlnest countl
9, While the fooiing l)iopo sitionil
constitute the platform uain which our
party stands, and for the vindication of
which its organization will 1.. mainntain
ed, we recognize that the great and pres
sing issue of the pending eamnpanign, up
on which the present pres.iential elec
thion will turn, Is the financial question.
and upon the great and sp'cilii issue be
tween the parties we cordiali- invite
the aid and co-operation of all organ
isations of citizens agreeing with us
auon this vital ot'estton.
The People's party should not
surrender its organization, It
should continue to exist if for no
other purpose than to teach the
politicians of the two old parties
the principlks of pure government,
JOB WORK neatly done at this
office--cheap for cash