LOUISIANA POPULIST.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $1.00 A YEAR. There is No Free Country, Unless the People Rule. PRICE, 5 CENTS.
VOL. II. NATCHITOCHES, LOUISIANA, FRIDAY, JANUARY 24, 1896. NO. :.
PRESENT DAY MUNICIPAL GOVERNMENT.
ULJ
't fr' mT x, f r. D,*1 .
Onto of.tko "mlst serious questions in Americlan politics is the proler ordering of municipal govwernments. The average city ,,vernnint is a li,'race
to our Institutions," and is made so by greed. selfishness and dishonesty. Look at the old sow draining the cow. See tho.i '-ward h"lr.." tu:k tkabout over
the poor cow, mae.g the life from her. Only one has lost his "pull," and lit on her horn. le failed to get the "job" that was promis.d. Sat. publi works
is nearly deu, sad Fs final demise is only a question of time. for the "ward heelers" are helping to consume all the substance--ating all th, ta,>s. Th
cow got one hor knocked down in fighting away the buzzards seen above. If we had municipal ownership of waterworks, electric light ana gas plants. tele
phone systemsand street car lines, prices to consumers and patrons could be reduced, have ten months of efficient public sm'hool. pay all imply,. wall and
pompty  ad have surplus enough left to run each city or town government, paying cash for everything, and thus eelieve the tax-payer-s of (lirect municipal
taxation.
Tus thlee .'s: Populism! Peace!
Prosperity!
THa three D's: Democracy! Destruc
tion! Decay!
Tas three R's: Republicanism! Ra
pacity! Rain!
How muca good is the Texas Rail
road commiusion doing?
Cowasme is doing nothing except
trying to manufacture campaign thun
der.
Thr internal revenue system mak is
the whisky sad the tobaoeo trusts pos
sible.
TRan Deoca leaders are great
on bsasttl b they never do any
thing.
ORGANIZE *d be rbady to secure a
lair coqnut, and the Populist ticket will
be swgestini.
'"*DsrCTrro and misery are in
their ways." We mean the Demo
cratie lenders
NomnArs a candidate for every of
dee in the county. If Populism is right
then let us live under Populist rule.
Tah wiorngma who votes the Dem
e tate tieat is Ia unto the whipped
cur that licks the hand that smites it.
Tess war talk is for no other purpose
than to divert the minds of the pepple
from the aandal questlon. That's all.
HIor. Bamsr Oans., by his inter
views has stirred up the Democratic
animals-we meaa the goldbug gang.
MAna sl yawning for the preeent
ruies of the old world and the head
le-se of the two old parties in this
p--try.
Tan year 18S is going to be a great
year for Populism in Texas. Victory
Sours U we only stead shoulder to
Mauidr.
vhar rlormer in the two old par
tis beaddo bLsduty and jodn the Re
tIm.Z5 t.. raorm ever occurs in
Ist 4eviU s of the seansra for
.e aaln dvr, Mills at Teas ap
pa ter the t stlanard ad against
tLe fraea g- ot dke!r.
Wa bs the gpes lanJleds the
m jads ad 1eraDnssn I each of
om bmse a s aIeisaiad and
p ee ss ea n usuery.
boees iwI. ash fr
but
As Is usual the Republicans in thci,
district convention at Kaufman split.
thus proving there is no principle in
volved, just the h-o-p-o of office and
boodle.
AxD now Mr. Carlisle comes forward
and acknowledges that the $100,000,
000 gold ",reserve" has never been set
apart! The plot thickens, the crime
magnifies.
T TH goldbug Democrats and Repub
licans have united in the United States
senate.against the free coinage of sil
ver bill, and Mills of Texas stands with
the goldbugs.
"A FAINT heart ne'er won a fair
lady," nor a coward a battle for a
worthy cause. Buckle on your armor,
brother, and look to the front, for the
fray is at hand.
ORGANIZE a club at your box if you
have not already done so, and help the
Democrats in the count. They are ex
perts when it comes to counting up
election returns.
PRESIDENT CLEVELAND again demon
strated his good will for the Republi
can party by appointing three Repub
licans and two Democrats on the
Venezuela commission.
SHREWD men in the old parties are
beginning to realize the precarious con
dition of their cause and are preparing
to leave the old rotten ship on which
they have so long sailed into office.
JUDAS' friends bought a piece of
ground with his betrayal money, but
his co-thieves and sell-outs in the two
old parties blow their Ill-gotten gains
I in on whisky with which to drown their
Scomnsences.
WHAT ought to be done with a man
when he knows what he should do and
has no one to hinder him, or say him
nay, and won't? Now call to mind the
Democrats and Republicans in con
gress. They will not try.
Tan taxeater is never satisfed. One
or two terms it would seem would be
satisfactory, but there are men hold
lng oice in Texas that have been re
elected somehow or somehow else for
thirty year. What chanee has a
yeoag mant
BNo. Bnxx, the aonmoclast man,
said in his lecture on "Humbugs" at
Houston, that "there should be never
a hbugbg nor a hypocrite, sever a
miboaire nor a mendicant on the
great oed globe," to which we add
nes, and asen.
C. A. Cuassgon's administratio is
otdy `$1,~8,000 behind, or iL other
waes has that airent as a delelecey
tied ahuts its sesk. When Mr. Beog
N E er's irr it was only
__I cnlbserrease in
-I , the Culd 1m
*i..e re lbis resea4
.yndicate. Mr. Cleveland replies to
he criticisms and denies the charges
mnd inferences, in a private letter to
'enator Caffery, Did you ever smoke
Srabbit out of a hollow tree? Well.
hat is what Vest (ldone, he smoked
'leveland out.
ARE you aChristian? Well, how doe:,
'his suit you? -"And all that believed
were together, and had all things com
mon, and sold their iposessions and
goods, and parted them to all men, as
every man had need." Communism,
lid you say? Read the second chap
ter of Acts.
TltEuE are many Judas Iscoriots in
this day and time, but unlike their
prototype, they are two cowardly to
go and hang themselves. Judas sold
his master; his Imrtners in crime sell
the people to the plutocrats. But the
Popullsts have their eyes on them and
they are goners.
SAY, you long, lank, lean, hungry
workingman, how long have you been
voting for the nominees of the old
parties expecting relief from your bur
dens, which never came? Don't you
think it about time to join in with the
Reformers and help pull the old ship of
state off the reefs where she has been
driven by wicked hands?
THE people are staggering under
debt, the country is full of idle men
and women unable to obtain employ
ment, there is an Insufficiency of money
in circulation, prices are at the bottom,
business failures increase, and the
leaders of the two old parties in con
gress will not offer even to do anything
to relieve the situation.
WINx the boys go to break a young
horse they blindfold him, and then the
first thing the horse knows he is sad
iled and bridled. Just so with the
masses. The old party leaders blind
them with some imiaterial Issue,
arouse their prejudices, get them di
vided and 'ride into office on their
votes, and then vote ani work with
and for the money power and other
monopolies. True as gospel, bud.
Dreiro our late unpleasantness the
Confederate congress (which was com
paeed entirely of Democrats) passed a
law exempting from military duty the
owner of twenty slaves, while the poor
mechanic and laborer, it mattered not
if he were the possessorof twenty child
ren depending upon him for support,
was compelled to go to the front and
light for the rich man's slaves. , The
smee spirit pervades the Democratic
party to4ay. Whose battles are you
Alighting, neighbor?
Yes Arem sbt.
The number of failures now occur
rng, not only in Texas but throughout
lbs entire country, is simply startling.
ret the 'od bug fools toll us the
Uevebna-CarIsle idiocy is not hurt
Wmg the country. musiness failures are
Oe adisones that mark rapid con
Mo**'tsM of wml1 iota a fw hals,.
1ave * ***
"Dyinl Out!"
The Populists inereasidl their vote
in Iowa over 15.,o)0 votes--and as a
consequence is -"dying out."
l'opulists carriedl the town of Car
ver in the good c,.onservative state of
lass.achusetts at the last election
that also proves the party is "dying
out."
The best posted men in the Republi
can national committee concede the
Populist party increased the number of
its votes 274 per cent in two years and
frankly admit the party may east
-.000,000 votes in 1896-another sign
the party is "(lying out."
Populists carried nearly everything
in Kansas last fall with a )Demorepubli
eratican combine against it--"dying
out.'"
In 1992 the Populist vote of Iowa
was 24).482; in 19:,l 23.380: 1894, 34,
907 and in 1893 it ~hored serious signs
of death by casting 19,800) votes.
Four thousand votes were cast in
Boston for the -.dying" Populist party
last fall.
Colorado, computed by counties.
shows a Populist majority of 7,261 and
that. too, in face of the grand steal
made in Denver of three or four thou
sand votes to save the chief manipu
lator of frandulent votes-the county
clerk.. It will be noticed the party is
*'dying out" in Colorado, too.
The Populist vote in three Nebraska
counties alone show a gain of over
2,000 votes as compared with Iiol
comb's vote. That's another sign of
decay.
SOur freight train report indicates at
this late day that the associated press
lied about the l)akoto elections. The
Pops lost seven counties, gained ten,
and held their own in twelve. More
signs of Populist death.
From everywhere the fact is gradu
ally leaking out that the Populist party
did good work in the late elections
Ohio increasing its vote to 58,000.
Denver Road.
He Should Know Better.
Populist paper of Colorado pro
poses the following list of- names for
the party to select a presidential can
didate from: Governor Altgeld, Mayor
Pingree, Senator Allen, Senator Till
man, Tom Watson, Judge Caldwell, J.
C. Sibley, Governor Pennoyer, Con
gressman Howard of Alabama and Gen.
Weaver.
Ho should know better and should be
ashamed. Pingree is a Republic aand
has announced for Reed; Altgeld is a
collar Democrat; Tillman is an uncom
promising Democrat, and Sibley has
never announced himself as a Populist.
Our editors cannot be too careful.
How Foelah.
If you wanted to shoot a man it
would be the height of absurdity to go
to the man you wanted to shoot to bor
row money with which to purchase a
gun to shoot him, would it not? And
yet that is what Cleveland proposes we
shall do with England--destroy our
only fighting weapon (the greenbacks)
and get gold from Englaad with which
to a ght Eaglea.--Chlso SetiaL
THE AVWrACE MURDERER.
ie Prison He Appears Happy and Grows
Fat.
One of the strangest of all the strange
phases of human nature is the cheerful
ness of the average murderer after
conviction and sentence. There are, of
course, exceptions to the rule; thort
are murderers who await execution in
horror and dread, and occasionally one
dies of this torment before the fatal
day arrives. But these are rare cases
and do not affect the correctness of the
proposition that the average murderer
is a rather cheerful person, sleeps well,
has a good appetite, grows fat, and,
till his last hour, manifests a lively in
terest in such worldly affairs as occu
pied his mind before he was caught,
caged and marked for the hangman.
Trouble of mind is not conducive to
the taking on of fat. A convict whose
day of death had been firmly fixed, and
who had no ground on which to base the
faintest hope of clemency, might af
fect cheerfulness, or even jocularity, in
the presence of visitors. But there is
no affecting a growth of adipose. The.
man whose weight is increasing day'
by day, even in the shadow of the gal
lows, is not in mental distress. The*
mind and body are too closely related'
for either to be tormented without the,
full participancy of the other. Here is
an extract from a reporter's account
or a visit to Harry Hayward, at Minne
apolis, who will soon be put to death
for one of the most cruel, cold-blooded
murders ever perpetrated:
"'Do you think you will hang?'
"'Yes, I think I will, old man,' Hay
ward replied. His face did not change
color, nor did he flinch. Then he cdn
tinued, laughing, 'A fellow has to go
sometime, and it might as well be one
time as another. Only I wish it well
done and no bungling. But, by the bye,
what do you think about the Corbett
and Fitzsimmons fight-or rather the
one that did not come off? I will tell
you what I believe. I think "Fitz" was
was afraid of Jim. I would hate to see
Jim get whipped, for he is an American.
But the fight will never come off now.'
he added.
"'How is your health, Mr. Hayward?'
"'Splendid. When I came in here I
weighed 160, but I have gained forty
pounds. You see, I have nothing to'
worry me, have slept well, and eaten
heartily and will continue to do so until
the end.'"
If this were an exceptional case it
would be Interesting only as a possible
indication of lunacy. But it presents
nothing that is unusual. It is strange
only because it is impossible for the
average mind to conceive of such cheer
fulness, such indifference under the
conditions surrounding this man.
Washington Post.
Leadoa Postomee Cats.
It may not be generally known that
a considerable sum of money for cat's
meat appears annually as an item in
the postoffice estimates. This meat goes
to the support of a whole colony of cats
at St. Martin's-le-Grand. How they
first came there no one seems to know,
but the general impression is that their
ancestors belonged to the private offices
which were demolished when the pres
ent G. P. O. was built, and that they
became "strays" about the ruins until
the rising walls gradually shut them
in, and thus provided them with a
home.-Animal's Friend.
rasnee Wants Treaures.
The French government has paid the
Persian shah $10,000 for the right to
dig ip antiquities anywhere within the
ancient empire, and the bargain is re
garded as an excellent one for the
western nation. Several of the great
cities of the bible lie buried there, and
Archaeologists think that they contain
better treasure trove than the world
has ever gained from the orient.
LABOR NOTES.
Camden N. J., unions have organised
a central body.
The bricklayers of Chicago are being
organized into a national union.
The Internal Co-operative society,
near Pittsburg, declared a 10 per cent
dividend.
In various cities the cigarmakers are
advertising their labels by means of
playing cards.
German trade unlonists of Cincin
nati are discussing the advisability of
starting a weekly labor paper.
By a new arrangement of the board
of directors, commercial telegraphers
will be admitted to the Americhn Rail
way Union.
The International Printing Press
men's Union has Joined the American
Pederation of Labor with a member
ship of 2,500.
The National Union of Retail Clerks
has now alilated with 132 local unions,
and the number is steadily and rapidly
Increaslng.
The official headquarters of the Jour
neymen Tailors' Union of America will
be removed to Bloomfngton, Ill. The
Snal vote was Bloomington, 2,65; St
Louias, 69.
Joseph fBernsteln, of Chicago, paid -,
fie of $100 and easts the other day for
ulg a oeunterfeit label for cigars. The
prosecution was at the inl ttie of tIq
lel elsarmakse' bm..
Good Boys.
The students of the I'niv -i' y of
California have id't i 1: t- l I :u-.,e, to
inl rove and I-antuifv the. ni. of
the institution ht their o(i . a; )r, h ts
making implrove-m nts, f-l)[ whi 'I the
university has no :hi;c v.
Why, Yes.
A C(hiao , wmetnan ha- ri I her
life te a., a r oe ter f:4',i a., I : .
huihlin ,. 'h e bhi '-l was lar; l i ri !!
tihl' ri i ut ti-' woman i l:' O\. I I-,r
coeicaci . "tod i, r tally ,,metlin; fo:f
thei' l1 p:il" larty to crow over.
The archer filhl has a natural 1,low
gun. ITh animal poessesses thle c:ri
ous property of being alde to .ishot
dropl, of water from its mouth with ox
trao,:'dinary accuracy for a consider
al)e li tance'. This singular faculty
is of u-n: to the animal in securing its
fool. A lly or small insect lpainz
over the- vater has very little chance
to c-cape from the deadly aim of the
arh. .ir fish. Thi ish is perfectly at
hoen:- in water. lie never gets out of
ammunition, and is not one of those
lunoertunat, creatures who sees his
best gain, when he has no gun. The
'archer is ly, and is always ready.
Vegetarlanism Carried to Extremes.
Ve.getarian boots are advertiseod in
london: the ulere's are made of '"panus
coric:e." the soles of closely water
proofeld l!ax belting. To show that
the -kins of slaughtered animals are
not ne'. -nary the vegetarians say that
'I"n'lia ,' ilher, gutta percha, steel and
iron aw'l 1. 'as nails, and bra-s caps,
nca-lih r.e and cotton, elastic and web
,in. , wool anl list, cork and straw,
si!k and jute, and even brown paper
and wcax tgo to form the modern mys
t:0ry whit h still carries the old name
of boot and Ishoe." It is not meat that
a iman lhueld ignore altogether flesh
and fowl food, but if he is a crank he
v ill do it, and may try to hear with
cars of corn and think with a cabbage
head.
Southern Cotton Mills.
In 1',l, the average capitalization
of soe,:thern cotton mills, nearly all of
them i,,ein., small, was nearly $36 per
spl,itlle.. while that of northern mills
was actst $25 per spindle. Whilo
the northern canitalization has not
decre.i':ased, the south now has a large
nu'iolevr of new mille which have no
sulw':ior in the world in their class,
anl thle'c magnificent mills have cost
less than $15 per spindle for steam
mills, while water-bower mills of the
highe st tyle are now being built for
$20 per spindle.
A lioy's Blonder.
An 1l-rear-old youth, who was in
trtdu,'d to Spe:aker Reed the other
day, said: oI'Mr. Maine Iced, we have
!all of outr Iooks in our library, and I
think \our 'Scalp I hunter' is line." The
p .'akler x1lahined with some disgust
to the- still more disgusted boy that ho
I wr' not ('aptain Maylno Reid.
The Pace That Kills.
Fast Work and Fast Eating make Three
Score Years and Ten a Rip. Old
Age in These Days
(From the Cincinnati Enquirer.)
The American people live too faat, eat
too fast and drink too fast. This has
brought upon many of us a train of nervo's
and sitmach disorders that are very difi
cult to, uinnage. Investigation and chemical
anal}-.is to di-cover such compounds as will
hell. those suffering from such ills has re
sulted in the discovery of Dr. Williams'
Pi'i.k Pills for l'alce'eople, which has taken
very high rank as a slieciic remedy.
1t. 1P. Owens, a traveling man thirty
years of agt, who is well known in this
totmetntity and generally liked because he
is a bright, energetic oung fellow, resides
with hls mothler at 335 'cntral Avenue,
Cincint.ati. Ohio. lie has been a victim of
dyspepsic a which took the form of continu
oucs c ustilpatio:, and, strangely enough,
his nmotlher suffere'l from the same trouble.
Mr. Owens testified to the merits of PinKc
i-ills in a lost enthulsastie way, and said
to thte I';eni t:r-r reporter:
"1 am glad to say anythling I can for Dr.
Willi .ms' Pink 'l 'ill", btctet-o they did me
great gCoo !, and other eoiple rught to know
of their virtues ac a medicine in atoleach
troubrles It was some time ago when I
felt a heavy feeliie en my stomach, and I
grow very co:nstipatced. I didl not consult a
doctor, but havin,. heard of thie Pink P'ills I
bought a box of tlhem. In two or three
dayvs the hIeavy feeling in my stomach dis
appeared and my bowels were regular. I
did nmt ha;veo to use more than a box of
them before I was well. Since that time I
h:ve only ocetasionally been troubled with
constilateion, and I never get worried, be
cause I know just what to do. Mother was
also troubled with indigestion and the
Pink Pills did the same for her they did
for me-cured her, didn't they, mother."
When appealed to Mrs. Owens answered:
"That is right. I found it weas a great
medicine, so earsy to take and so quick and
lasting in its results."
Mr. Owens continued: "I believe that
these ill are also good for nervousness.
When I had my stomach trouble I was also
quite nervous and that dianppeared with
the d:spepsia. Tlhe'Piuk I:ills ere all that
is cla mod for them. You can make any
use of this tesctimonia:l you asee lit."
II. P. Owens has oH'eulied several poI
tions of trust in this cite. He was for a
time an timplovce of the, Commentrcial-4aze te
He will go on the r' ad in a few days for a
pronminent business house hero. M's.
Owens is tquite as enthusicest'c as her see
about thie Pink Pills and her hlost of lady
friends can verify her good oplinion of this
wonderful remedy if they I, cl elisiosed to
do so at any time. Wltere the ,tinmany
is so general and unatnimtutc as to tile ex
cellencies of PI'ink l'tll s as tie Enquirerhas
found it to be there La i7 ertainly eood reason
to believe all tlce to'cl thinegs said-about
the safe and siflel rrnme.ey.
Dr. Willima' 'ink l'dlls for Pale People
contain all the elements nee'ss:ry to give
new life and richnce's to the blood and re
store shattered nerves. They may be had
of all druggists or diect by mail from the
Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, 8chenee
tsdy, N, Y., b9c bO bo ra bases for
SI.t