Look Out for "No. 1"
Your First Duty is to Yourself. Your Bodily Con
dition Calls for the Help to be Found in a Good
Spring Medicine
The best Preparation for this Purpose is
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Spring is the season for cleansing and 'I cannot speak too highly of hIood'
renewing the blood. During the winter Sarsaparilla, as it has worked wonders In
it has crept sluggishly through the my case. I am 74 years of age and have
veins, gathering impurities from indoor been afflicted with salt rheum on my hands
air, from fatty substances in the food, for a great many years. I tried many
and from many other sources. things to cure them, but failed. My hands
The great blood purifying medicino would crack open and bleed profusely, and
especially prepared to do this work is the pain was terrible to lhar. Since taking
Ilood's Sarsaparilla. It will give to the llol's Sarsalarilla the fleshl has healed and
blood purity, richness and vitality and the skin is as smnoth as any farmer's. I
these will bring health and vigor, strong recommeni Il ood's Sarsaparilla as a reliable
nerves, a good appetite, refreshing sleep, medicine and always speak in Its favor."
and powers of endurance. LLOYD B. C'HASE, Swansea, Mass.
Cleanse your blood by taking IIood's Hood's
Sarsaparilla, a renovating preparations Sarsaparilla
especially prepared to make pure blood, Is the Only
then you may enjoy the season of flow
ers and birds and out-door pleasures, True Blood Purifier
for you will be healthy, strong and well.
r bio Prominently in the public eye to-day.
Hood's Pill nes. headache. bo Be sure to get HIood's and only Hood's.
Will Test the Selt.
In Boston on St. Patrick's day
twelve parading members of the Sars
field guards carried rifles in violation
of the law, and Capt. J. A. Murphy
submitted by arrangement to arrest
with a view of testing the law. It is
proposed to get an authoritative de
cision as to the constitutionality of
the act of 1893 which forbids private
organizations to parade in public with
firearms.
A Confederate Relic.
Andrew J. Cobb, of Atlanta, Ga..
has in Lis possession one of the most
interesting relics of the confederacy.
It is the pen used to sign the consti
tution of confederacy. It has never
been disturbed since hand of Gen.
Howell Cobb laid it in its case, and
ink used then can be seen now where
it has dried upon the pen.
EALL'S CATARRH CURE It a lilqud and Is
takes nterually, and csts directly upon the
blooeed sad mucojs surfdces of the system. Send
far testimonlald, free. Sold by Drulggists. 7ce.
P. J. CBHENEY A CO., Propre, Toledo. O.
Experience is the name men give to their
follies or their sorrows.
It the Baby 28s attlng Teeth.
re e sad s that o ad a well-tried remedy, Ms.
Wismew's oorTarem saw for ChlMra Tseetla
Health is the first consideration after all.
what is wealth without it!
your Back Aches, or you are all worn
out, good for nothing, it is general debility.
Brown's Iron Bitten will cure you, make
youn troll, eanse your liver, and give a
seed appi t-toes the nerves.
Do not talk about the lantern that holds
the lamp; but make haste, uncover the
light and lst it shine
I want every man and woman in the
United States who are interested in the
opium and whisky habits to have one of
my books on these diseases. Address, B.
N. Woolley, Atlanta, Ga., box 877, and one
will be sent you tree.
Some men tell lies because it is their
only "ase of getting quoted.
The Origlls War.
Originally there were no seats in
the great cathedrals and medieval
charches. Worshippers stood or
knelt. The frst innovation was the
Introduction of small pieces of cloth
to keep the foot or knees from con
sect with the old ,toe floors.
Deer neense se re.
Good apples are said to be dearer
than eggs in the New York market.
The reason is that most of the good
ones have been exported to England,
where the demand for American
apples has been unprecedented dur
lag the pest season.
5T. JACOb5 OIL . the Perfect CURE for
NEURALGIA
wem aOU in.At , oLLr a S I r3IAP or PURIAPS.
KAV UFI *OR RE COWS
THE SE ULAI SEPAMTOR CO.,
ilaMie ees eommI ..Om s.
A MEAT COUGH REMEDY.
Perhaps you may think that Scott's Emulsion is
only.useful to fatten babies, to round up the angles and
make comely and attractive, lean and angular women,
and "All out the hollow cheeks and stop the wasting of
the consumptive, and enrich and vitalize the blood of
the scrofulous and anaemic persons. It will do all this
--but it will do more. It will cure a
Hard, Stubborn Cough
wmthe iedismry c h syrups and specifics entirely
ul€. The cough that after the Gri and Pneu
Iola wIll beesftene4and cured by the b mic heal
.ing ad strengthening influences of this beneficent
I-medicine, namely, Scott's Emulsion of Cod-liver
- Hypaoýhosphites of Lime and Soda. ,
sus -Thley are *mm as good
a" Big g-f~~4~-i.Pst,' I~;.e I
About PSrlkes.
The Massachusetts board of concill
ation and arbitration reports that the
strikes in the state last year were
numerous, but generally uusuccessful,
and that those called successful en
tailed more loss than gain to the
workmen. The results of arbitration
were favorable to all concerned, but
it seems that both parties to a labor
controversy will seldom agree to so
calm apd reasonable a method of set
tling a dispute.
The A4O Marylanders.
The Maryland society of the Sons
of the American Revolution is re
ceiving subscriptions for the erection
in Brooklyn of a memorial to the 400
Marylanders who stood the brunt of
the fight in the battle of Long Island,
Augubt 27. 1776.
Will Cost 1.O000,000.
It will cost a million drachmas to
put the Parthenon, the Temple of
Thesus, and the other monuments in
Athens damaged by last year's earth
quake in a safe condition. An appeal
for help will be sent out to all coun
tries.
No amount of hair oil will make ideas
grow in an empty head.
Another Lady Testlnes
To the curative efects of Dr. Abendroth's Safe
Guard Pastilles. Ladles that are alicted should
read and reflect. No humbug in this.
DALLAs. Tex.. April 24, 189.--I have been sut
fering from profuse meastruation for more than
four years. Have had the best physicians at home.
and also In Alabama. but their treatment did not
benefit main the least. When driven to despera
tion I at last began the use of Dr. Abendroth's
Pastilles. It became gradually less, until now I am
cured of this and other disorders of longer stand
ing. I cheerfully commend this medlcine to safer
ing humanity, and truly believe it will heal all the
ills of like nature the sex is nelr to. Ift say one
doubts this statement. I live at 376 WillIams street
and can confirm it at any time.
Mas. A. C. MCCLELLAN.
If your Druggist does not keep Dr. F. Abea
droth's Safe Guard Pastilles In stoek, write to me
direct. Price. S1.00 per box, or 6 boxes for 6.00.
For circulars and further information address
DR. F. ABENDIIOTH. 401 Washlngton avease.
corner Live Oak street, Dallas, Tex.
There should be no "it" in the marriage
ceremony.
Short Journeys on a Long Mead
Is the characteristic title of a profusely il
lustrated book containing over one hundred
peges of charmingly written descriptions of
summer resorts in the country north and
west of Chicago. The reading matter is
new the illustrations are new,and the infor
mation therein will be new to almost every
one.
A copy of "Short Journeys on a Long
Road" will be sent free to anyone who will
enclose ten cents (to pay postage) to Geoe.
H. Heaford, General Passenger Agent, Chi
cago, Milwaukee & St. Paul Railway, Cl
cago, Ill.
Go slow, young man, and you may be
come a United 8tates menator.
A MARE'S STRANGE FREAK
Sh I" 'tfu crd to I)rink . 'nls tw ,. but at a
( ortlih Strram.
I'crhap. the friends of th.it nohle
anir.al. the horse, will be inlto,-sted in
the following bits from th,. history of
Nita, a fine ohl mare. which, until re
ce'ntlly, might have been seen in the
stables of J. I.. Hester, a resident. ol
itaughton. La., according to a Phila
delphia, Times correspondent When
Hester was quite a lad Nita was pre
sented to him by his grandfalther, the
late Henry Thompson. of Oaklawn
plantation, but, strange to relate, the
mare, then only a young filly, could not
be induced to remain away from het
native heath. After Hester became
' possessed of her she refused to drink a
in drop of water. In fact, it is believed
re that she would have starved herself to
is death had she not been taken back to
iv her old home. When turned loose in
Is Oaklawn pasture, however, she ran as
id fast as she could caper to a clear, cool
1 stream which crossed the meadow
id slaking her thirst eagerly. After this
I singular behavior no further effort was
le made to remove her permanently from
her first home, and whenever she was
taken away for a (lay she would drink
no water until her return, when she
would go to the little pasture stream.
In the course of time Hester inherited
his grandfather's estate and moved to
Oaklawn. Nita thus for a second time
becoming his property. Fifteen year:
have passed since that event and Hles
ter asserts that he has never during
that time known Nita to drink any
where but at the little meadow branch.
1- Some three months ago Hester moved
a to his Red river plantation, about
'e twenty miles distant, of course, carry
I, Ing Nita with him, though she had
passed beyond her days of usefulnessi
and was almost decrepit. After her re
moval the old mare began to pine and
It droop, and at the end of the third day, I
ir when she had not drunk a drop of water
0 her kind master led her back to her old'
home. So soon as she felt herself in
the neighborhood of Oaklawn she'
pricked up her ears and began to canter
almost spryly, and when the pasture
was reached she betook herself at once
to the branch, drinking long and deep
of its waters. Hester says that the
poor, dumb creature's evident delight
was pitiful to behold, and he deter
mined never more to take her away.
He slipped the bridle, thinking it would i
please her to be left in the meadow all
. night, and the last he saw of her as he
)f closed the gate behind him the mare
n was standing knee-deep in the stream,
I- letting the water trickle between her
i1 lips. The next morning, when he went
* to feed her, the poor thing was lying
on the bank, cold and stiff in death, her
head overhanging the water that she
loved so much.
The Preservation of Food.
i The great advance in the preserva
tion of foods is perhaps most clearly
t- shown in a recent article in a French
s magazine. The article discusses the
. preserving of provisions from the mil
* itary standpoint. It states that 40,004,
a- rations of vegetables can be stored in
a cubic space of forty inches each way.
That millions of rations of solid soups
and preserved meats are continually
stored in Paris, while the quantity of
s flour and biscuit is fabulous. Milk,
during the last siege of Paris, was
worth its weight in gold. Now the
method of "Pasteurizing" milk and put
ting it in heremetically-sealed cans is
found to preserve milk indefinitely, and
insures against suffering those classes
of the community that suffer most
from scarcity of milk--the feeble, aged
I and infants. Compressed fodder and
d the silo system are the safeguards used
a by the government to protect animals
In case of siege, while an enormous
cold-storage warehouse at La Vllette
insures fresh meats for a long period.
The application of skience =- the food
I- problem has reduced the perplexities
Sof families living on small incomes,
but it may force a complete change in
military manooeuvers, starvation of the
Sbesieged being made almost impossible.
Fretting Under the Law.
There is said to be a law in Massa
chusetts making it an offense to give
away any object or thing as an induce
ment to purchase other things; for ex
ample, to give away a picture with
every certain amount of other things
purchased. There was once a law which
made it an offense for a man to kiss his
wife on Sunday, but was strangely
Ssilent about kissing some other man's
wife. Many a man still living can re
member when it was not permissible
to open the theaters in Boston on Sat
urday evenings, and there was a law
to punish any dissipated individual
found smoking on the street Bome of
these tantastic old legal freaks have
been done awpy with, but there are
some communities which, like some in
divlduals, require quite an unconscion
able time to get wide awake.-Boston
Traveller.
Deelares Angels Cae t Them.
At a recent sesson of the annual con
ference of the Reorganised Church of
the Latter Day Saints R. B. Evans
said a congregation of Canada had been
given evidence that the Latter Day
Sainta received direct coraunication
from the Almighty, for an angel had ap
peared in the pulpit of this Canadian
church. A brother froma Iowa declared
he had been to heaven, sad the streets
were paved with gold, and he met the
Savior there.
Ye Camine seed.
When steel Is expoed to the action
of ma water and the weather it is said
to corrode at the rate of a eh In 1 ogbh
tj-two years; an tack t htresa ader the
same oonditn corrodes In 10 years.
When eqped to hresh water and the
mesthmer the periods re 1T0 years dm
IL1tI Sh oaa r re
A New Wateh.
A watch has been invented which
measures distance by sound. The
inventor, a French officer named
Thoutcnin, has called the instrument
a phonotelemeter. To operate it a
I ittle button is pressed at the instant
3f the flash and again at the sound.
In the meantime a needle traverses a
1 dial, registering time to the one-tenth
part of a second. 'Ine rest is a mere
matter of calculation.
W1hat I oily.
'The hands of female minummies
found in the tombs of Egypt are liter
I ally cotered with rings, in many in
stances there being from two to six
on every linger. In some cases these
ornamenits are composed wholly of
gold, but in others, which probably
represent all that is left of some poor
man's wife or daughter, the rings are
brass, glass or pottery ware.
Iloming Plgeons.
A new use for homing pigeons has
been buggested. It is thought that
every large steamer should carry a
supply of them, to liberate in the
event of an accident. Pigeons have
a record of S, I and 1,0O)0 miles a day.
If the t(ascogne had had homing pig
eons on board it is believed that news
of her would have been recei\ed three
days before she was sighted.
I hey all Froze Over.
In 1l:;; the Thames and all other
rivers of En gland and Scotland froz.
over. The Seine, Rhine and D)anube
were closed to navigation early in
December. The Dardanelles and I
Hellspont froze, as did many bays
iand inlets of the Mediterranean. Ice
formed in Algiers and the Strait of
Gibraltar was almost impassable from
drift ice.
Ire Seven Feet Thick.
In 1291 the Cattegat in the German
ocean was covered with ice seven
feet thick. Batteries of artillery
'ero moved to and fro on the strait.
P'owdered Glass.
Powdered glass is now used to
make sand-paper. The glass is pul
verized by heating it redhot and
throwing it into water.
The Dinner bell
Sounds but a mockery to the dyspeptic. lie
hears it, of course, but hli stomach does not I
respond to the cilL . e goes through the
motions" and bsuers afterwards lor the small
amount of t tituals he partakes of. Hostetter a
atoliach Bitters alters his condition into one
Of abiltly to eat plentifully, digest heartily,
aud assllllate thoroughly. Malaria, rnecuma
tism, onsulpation and bilIousness are awu
quhro by this world-tamed medicule.
We can do more good by being good than
in any other way.
I'lso's Cure is the medicine to break up
children's (oughs and Colds.-Mrs. M. U(
BLUNT, Sprague, tash., March 8, 'W.
There are entirely too many of the able
bodied hands in the field of sport.
Consumption kills
more people than rifle
balls. It is more dead
ly than any of the
much dreaded epi
demics. It is a steal
thy, gradual, slow
disease. It penetrates
the whole body. It
is in every drop of
blood. It seems to
work only at the
" , lungs, but the ter
trible drain and waste
go on all over the
body. To cure con.
sumption. work on
the blood, make it
pure, rich and whole
some, build up the
wasting tissues, put
the body into condi
tion for a fight with
the dread disease.
Dr. Pierce's Golden
Medical Discovery fights in the right way.
It will cure 98 per cent. of all cases if taken
during the early stages of the disease. Its
first action is to pnt the stomach, bowels,
liver and kidneys into good working order.
That makes digestion good and assimilation
quick and thorough. It makes sound, healthy
flesh. That is half the battle. That makes
the "Discovery" good for those who have not
consumption, but who are lighter and less
robust than they ought to be.
McELREES'
WINE OF CARDUI.
Fa Female DIseases.
DIRECTIONS for uwng
CREIAM BAL.-- Apply
a peartlre of the Balm wU
up into the nostris. After
a moment draw a dtrong
ewath thraogh the noes.
Use three ttamea a do, af
tar meals preferrd, and
CATARH
IL*B OeAea BAL s and eleanses the
Prlury ~ L~v A s ad lsa anItmatio, oneals
the sores, protect the Membrane trom ColA. Re
strthes tensoe Taste and pmelL The alta Is
qlckly masorbela aS gives relief at once.
A parttile is applied late each aestri a agme
ahle. Pre rcsts at Druggits or by macUll.
ELT BROTERSL, 5 Warre St., erwTYTk.
FOUIDEBS All IMACilISTS ***y Ue
Shops. Compresses, lor MItlls, sterwore
(Il Mills, Gl lee Pleas. Eleea itght, eme.
IenArs. Wr;e :. Ier I'fs Co. Dalla:
Highe of all in Leavening Power.-Latest U. S. Gov't Report
DO4 BBaking
SPowder
ABSOLUTELY PURE
' .. .... .. . . . m -- . . . . . . .
Il1l Ir~,ilmllt ,i.
Pr ,bablly no other -hip hay uone so
nuch to t ci lritc:-hi naval pride as
td Iron'idos. igh rewards and
•apid promotion awaited the English
:omintander who .ail.ed into Spithead
,vith dreadcd ('onstitution as a pri/e.
'\ h,.In. ,by the .\traordinary seaman
,hip of ( apt. Iaac Hlull. she esclaped
he1 ciut'chlos of a powerful Itritish
,ua,rton ol:1 andly hlook in l1"2.
ifter a cha-e of ,sme ,.\ty hour-.
'apt. lyIron. c'ommarndini f one of the
)hips of the p IroYirng squtadron, wrote
to a friend in London: .Nothing can
tx cel myII martltiation from the c:.
traordinarv ecalo (of the American
frigate.' 'le cin:i moire remarka
ole escape of the I or:tittion in 1"S15
froin anotheir lirttl-lk -, tiadron off
Port I'rava ia, icd the commanding
t'Ingiili ollhecr to commit suicide.
A \!;trimnontal ('lt)l
I.ausing. Mich.. las a matrimonial
lub who.,e mnemnlrs at intervals
choose one of their numbe:r whooe
cuty it is to got married within a
yea-. And he always does it.
Scmon of the learest things on earth do
o0t Cost 11s a cent
1'arker's (iier Tonic is ipopular
(or its gco",l work ' lffer Inc. Sirs', rlep[r*5, nerv
)us uwomen find nothilg s-.o ., ,thi.nl and revlls.
tnbridlel anmbition will make a fool of
even a s.age.
JWhlat a sensi of relief it i+ to, know
that you have no more m o rnse Inlloreorn rePIIItve
thew,, and very comforting It Is 1:,- at druilgist*
It takes half a dozen sons and daughters
to keep some men straight.
World's Columblan Exposition
Will be of value to the world by illus
trating the improvements in the me
chanical arts, and eminent physicians
will tell you that the progress In medlo
inal agents has been of equal impor
tance, and as a strengthening laxative
Syrup of Figs is far In advance of all
ethars.
If you think too little you will be sure to
talk too much.
W. L. DouLAS
$3 SHOEFIT FOR A KIN
9. CORDOVAN,"
..+ FUcs &rcMcLuD CALF.
. PRFINClur Ca&KANMam
$3.9POUCE,3so0LS,
"LA.DIES
Over One Million People wear the
W. L. Douglas $3 & $4 Shoes
All our shoes are equally satisfactom
They give the best value for the mnoney.
h eqSal custom she a In style and it.
wlemls qualities are asurmsed.
The pcas are uNferm,--stame on sol
Proms) to $3 saved over other makes
If yourdealer canndt sr.olv you we can.
Il Wamkl Onnovrcd ground. Out ft
SWairtedr. Oneu oursry rnnt
mny over $1000. In 1. P.O. Box 1371.New York
As One Woman
To Another:
S "Every Moday morning for two years I've wed
CLAIRETTE O8 AP -always makes the
clothes pre and white without hard rubbing
have my washing.done by nine o'clock. This
r* *soap has never harmed the most delicate
colors in my summer dresses, so it must
free from all acids. I dowishyou
would sead down to the Grocer
sad get a cake to try on your
nett washing-day. You will
S nd a perfect Laundry Soap.
f Sold errywhere. Madeoalyby
The
* N. L Fairbank
Company,
Very Latest Styles, Bu MAY MTON
Elpgant Patterns for 10 Cents Each, When the Coupon Below is Sent.
The Retail Price of these Patterns is 25, 30. and 35 Cents Each.
6374 612 639
PlMera 74--tut in four sizes, vIz.: 1, . 4, and 6 yess-price Bs cents.
Palttern 6GS-out in six sizes, viz.: i. 34. 36. 3. 40, and 42 in. bust measure- price an rot,.
Patt5errn a--ct in vre sizes, viz.: 32,4, 634. , 3, nd 40 in. bust measure prLc 3 cents
G **--COUPON.---
S Any eane or all of the above patterns will be sent for 10 Cents Each when
this coupon is enclosed with the order; otherwise th. re.iu:ar price will  -
S ehbarged. Also send I cent additional for each pattern order.i luo oer p.,. .e
eta . Give number of inehes waist measure for skirts and zutmber of inches but i
measure for waists. Address
COUPON PATTERN GOlIYPANY.
S LOCK BOX 744. - NEa YORK. N. Y.
It is lv att.,mi til; t. !* h th. at ,
.inl le leap that s.o n.I,' lhi - ai-t h ,
in the wor .l
"wanson's Magic Corn Salve."
I I " ia, e"h , al I il, 111,11 1. qi ' in'i 2 . I'I
-d r uggr tl i ili l yl t I , l .,ii. ,
land iuut { t e f-,,t t t tnll !,:r l it tt ,l o.
hlhtl i n t hill n, 1 'h od 1 1 ,, It!
inaii fla r ni t,,,
Meta
Wheel
for your
Wagons
ro dere yo,
-asnift", to S
in h," h I R h.
ut an w It -tan
time. In a *
Sn t' Iabe -"t
.,f |w w h..1
,to f!t a';r wa.i n
forhal lln6
gratn f, t man
are. bu s .t.' ' >
r.m1ttl lr of tir.
Eenplre wfg. (o..
I . ox S1, Vulny Ill.
WALTER BAKER & CO.
The Larg:i t.t 1.tl liactrerc ,f
PURE, HICH GRADE
COCOAS AND CHOCOLATES
On this Continent, have receive
HIGHEST AWARDS
ftom the great
Industrial and Food
EXPOSITIONS
In Europe and America.
I'nliklthe Dutch I',m-e. o. Alka.
li.e or other Chemiralior ]Ieeer ar
ui k i.... o . . ther prep. tl.Io a
1eird dlkIous BDREAKt A%.'r Ol' COAA ah1;oLtetl
pae and soluble, and cosat he than on cel a cup.
GOLD SY GROCERS EVERYWHERL
IALTER BAKER I CO. DORCHESTER, MASS.
Raphael, 4A n'el, I tloTn l asse1
The LINENE" are the Bett and Mo)it Ecrn.,ml
ral 'ollars and ('uffs worn : they are madl" of tine
cloth, both sides finished alike, and. I-eing reversvl
ble. one collar ts elqual to t w.lo any ilther kind.
TAh.l t tcell, 'rear 'uell ani look cIll. A box of
Ten Collarsor Five Pairs of 'uffs f.r Twenty-Flve
Cents
A Sample Collar and Pair of Cuffs by mall for
Six Cents. Name style anld size. Adi dess
I REVERl IILE I 'OLL.,A It I'oMP l. NY.
7 Irtanklln ,L. New \,.rk. ' Killly st.. Boston.
WANTED-LADY AGENTS
In every to town to sell olr Safety 3.dlener. 1.Oed tee
years In physl-lan'l pril aut pra,'tie. 1 tler., sIta
ing experlence. les 123. A. PIiIDIbL t
('o.. Topeka. lannase.
W N U DALLAS 18.95
When Answering Advertisements Kindly
Mention this Paper,