The Purposes of God, and the
Opportunities of Man.
TEXT:
The people had a mind to work: Nehe
maiah, 4th Ch. 0th verse.
First. let us notice the resemblance of
our condition to-day, and the condition
of the Jews in the days of Nehemiah.
The apostle Peter tells us that judgment
begins at the house of God, so we be
lieve it was with Israel. God had gra
ciously bless(ed and prospered them in
many ways.
1st. He blessed them with a pure gov
eminment.
2nd. Hle ,lessed them moral'y an.!;
religiously.
3rd. He blessed them financially,
and they became a mighty nation. but
they departed from the divine laws of
Jehovah, and mingled with the heath
ens, contrary to the will of God, ar'?
the result was. God withdrew his pro
teeating power from around them, and
subjected them to their enemies, who,
soon overthrew them in every sense
above mentioned. Their country was
invadedu by their enemies, and the first
thing that befe! Israel was the corrup
tion of their government or political
rule, then they began t) rob them of
their wealth.
And when they were reduced to a
helpless condition they were forced to
yield to the political rule of their oppo
sing nations, which soon resulted in
their enslavement. Their native land
became dilapidated. The walls of their
city (Jeruselam) torn down, the temple
destroyed, and the precious vessels o:
worship removed, and the few that were:
allowed to remain in Palestine were op
pressed to the very greatest extent.
But God had a man in reserve in the I
person of Nehemiah to redeem his peo
pie. But white we believe it was the
purpose of God to redeem Israel, we al
so believe man was required to avail
himself of the opportunity, and become i
Sinstrumental in his redemption, and
we find that Nehemiah and his people
did this.
When Hanani visited Nehemiah in the
kingdom of Artaxerxes, and informed
him of the condition of Jeruselam and
the Jews thereabouts, his very. soul was
stirred within him for his people.
Now, let us notice what this man of [
God did, and it should be an example to
as all. He went to the Lord with the'
whole matter in earnest prayer, he also
eonfessed his aad his people's faults.
God hears his prayers, and in answer to
the same, gives him favor in the eyes of
King Artaxerxes, who grants him privi- t
lege to go back to Palestine to the as
sistance of his brethren Let us note
the manner in which this man first en- i
tered the work, he did it secretly by
might. He viewed out the work when
no one knew of his purpose. t
Then he called the Jews t gether and
laid the matter before them, then they
were organized, for the work being laid a
.r systematically, and assigned to the t
people necording to their situation, sad a
each one worked over against his door; d
so builded they, and the walls were joit t
ed together auto the half thereof, for, s
the people had a mind to wbrk. r
Now let us take notice of this fait, t
that when a good work is designed, Sa-, t
tan with his emissaries do all they can a
to hinder it. It
We ind it was the ce in the work of ii
Nehemiah andi his people. When Sanbal- ! ,
te and Tobialh. the Arabians, the Ammo- c
siates and Ashdodites heard that the c
walls of Jeruselam was made up, and -
that the breashes began to be stopped, t
then they were very worth, and con- t
spired all of them together to conme and L
fght against Jeruselam, and to hinder ,
the work. The first thing they did hdw
ever, was to try to stop the work by I
ridicule, they made light of the Jews. i'
What can these feeble Jews do? they I
ae too weak to accomplish anything, a
they as weak nUmealcaly, weak finan- i
esJly and weak politically, and if they t ,
do a work it will amount to nothing, t
but will soon come to naught, it will be 1 I
o weak that if a fox were to climb up- I t
* it. it would fall. But the people peaid I
eo teentloa to their ridleule, but oon- i
tamed In the week, strengtheniang their i
dundfor the occasem. '
TIesnet thing the enemy did was to a
try to deceive the people by inviting,'
Nehemiah to meet them on the plain of a
n o, to.te oael riLth hem. .
Now let me note the answer of this i
ma of God, and it shou~!d also be i lee- Ic
na to ms He ays: Thls i a greatIr
werkthltl am engaged In, so that lIe
snnot leatve . Why should thbework I
ease while I leave it to come down to 5
theet When they failed by deception, I
then we hear their hkeous threat. But
God's people wosr gpnled with a well
ratoed mlnd towork; so he work was
doe, and the wall Joned itogether ·no
the halfl I therel, for the pmple had aI
inlmd oworw.
Nw ket m se If the fosegelng ulU I
mt eM d wail to the eaditl. o aed
th emr etanes with whleh ems Ame- a
s eun. are surronded today. .
btubeudage of Imel nIa Vyptis I
swukng type of the bodage ofe ural
lers n the t lMd eemntI s In the'
- delveryh Ismrel GOedralmnd up leadu
i thp msm d Mers ad LAros. who
obbbad fur sthe v* tsmiye and es. I
sbtlhha a phtieal Pgvermnmt that n- 1
sead t them pspu*tt and  rlp a, Im
S ltm r tt detease Mo uesadother 1
her Israel began tbe cuareldss sand
nlbwed the btbeahe to invade their
,e country with their capita! and other'
wise. to their downfall.
So Washington and other leaders were
raised up to deliver the American peo
. pie from under the bondage of the old
r countries, and at a great sacrifice of life
if and property, established for them a
n political government that insured to
t. them prosperity and happiness, and af
It ter the decease of former leaders, the
American people became careless and
-allowed European capitalist to invade
n their country to the hurt of our people
our prosperity has been destroyed, our
. olitical government has been greatly
corrupted. We have been robbed of
o our wealth; "or homes have been taken
irom us ; our country generally dilapi- a
t'itet'; our .eligiot:s liberties greatly
it lai.ed ; our dear wives and children
re 'ue t,o great want by the heavy hand
fo Q,pression that is now resting upon
?bus.
Ilut thank God( his neople ,till have!
I an 'p," ,rt"nity to redeem their govern
I ment,. ai' to set things aright again, if
e they will only have a mind to work and
s t' avail themselves of the oplportunity
t God has given.
We verily believe that it is the pur
1 pose of (Gol to save this American peo
,f ple. But brethren and fellow citizens,
there is a great responsibility resting
a upon us of the present day; or it may
r be with us as Mordecae said it would
be with Esther: If we altogether hold
our peace at this time, enlargement and
I deliverance will come to the Jews from
r somewhere else, but we and our fathers
a house will perish.
We verily believe that this great re
e form move has been ordai-lj' by Jeho
- vah. and we should be instrumental in
carrying it into effect. Brethren this is
Pa time that we cannot afford to hold
Sour peace, and he loyal to out ,ountry
e and to our families. If we do. the
threatened distruction will surely come
I upon us and our fathers house, there
e fore let us rise up and muild : let each
I one have a mind to work, and the work
e will be done, and the wall will be joined
together unto the half thereof.
Let us, like Nehemiah. go to God with
the whole matter, confessing our past
faults. He is able to subdue the pow
ers that be, and give to us the victory,
but we must fight, work and pray. Pray
er is very necessary, and I would that I
none go without it as their watch-word "
it the gate, but brethren work is very 'tl
necessary too. The apostle James tells 01
us that faith without works is dead, be- le
ing alone. So we may greatly desire ti
reform, and even pray for reform, and ii
if we do not work for reform we need gi
not expect reform. The Jews obtained ai
reform, they redeemed their government, w
their property and their religious liber- it
ties, the walls of Jeruselam were built h'
jup, and joined together unto the half a'
thereof, and the breeches were stopped. f'
Now, I ask how was this great work ec
accomp'ished? Well, Lhe old p. ophe,
tell us it was because the peole had a
im!nd to w...'k. They we:e not so easily
disheartened as a g.-eat many uf us are.
ttoday, ready ;o ground a.rs jrst as'
seon as the e:emy assails us, either is.i ai
ridldcule, deceptioa o: th;er.s. We know ' ti
that there are .anballats itn the -,o,'ld
to-day. We have heax!' fro-a lem time
and again. Ai:d when our peo ).e fiarst a
began to speak of a Third Party we'
heard them a- the A.-bi.-s, the A'omo- I
nites and toe Ashdod.tes of old. What o
can the feeble Jews do? 'tlhey v--; soon G
come to aa:g it; ail that they can do
will amou:,t to :othing. from the fact I F
that they are too weak i- every way; to
they are weak finanecially; we have a* '
the wealth in our hands;: t:,ey are to 'f
weak inte'lectua':;. ; they are ,othlig' "
but a set of eslaks, and if they do out
number uas. that will amount to nothing; g
we have the election machine in our pi
own hands, and we wilt couut them si
out. And when they fall to aecomplish m
their designs by ridicule, they attempt it m
iby deception in persuading the peop!e r
to dicker or combine with them in the
polit'esal issues, and we are sorry to note
that ,i e people have nsuffered them
ISelves to be deceived in some instances,
to their ,rt.
SBrethren, we should have the spirit of I4
Neh~mliah, when the enemy t-ied to
lget him to council with them. We'
should say this is a great work that we P
-are engaged in, and why should the 'N
Sw6rk cease while we leave it to eonneil
i with theet And when they fall by de
Sceptlon, theythi eaten us. But brethren,
Sremember if the Lord be for us, who i'
eanbe agalst us. Let us do asdid t_
Israel, pray to the Lord for strength,
aid so strenghhen our hands for the jP
work.
W en the Jews begn to build thei
walls of Jej~ualem they were organized, P
and the wek was sysimatleally laid -
eut, e oih one had work to do over p
againast their own dooer. So we must or- P
galise and work up our own communi- b
ties. Some of our pol christian breth
I - object to secret orgonlsation.-they I
- shld rsasember that Nehemibah irst
entered the work secretly by night, and p
lhe obealed the vietery, so if it requires p
r eey letit be so, for just so sure as
, weIlva, the skaoa of thiscountry is
ddemip emt uap the laboring people,
,a mi we do mot do the work at the4al- t
e loe be with our votes, we will be forced Si
- to taol up the byonea, but we still have b
,l pporetlty to redeem ouremuse at
r te polls, if our people will acqnit them- 0
I selves like men at the next general elee- I tl
r tion, turn out and vote to the interest jt
THE NEXT SESSION OF THE
MONTGOMERY HIGH SCHOOL
Begins Monday, Sept. 3rd, 1894.
MONTGOMERY, LA.
THE COURSE OF STUDY EMBRACES A THOROUGH TRAIN.
ING IN
Primary, Preparatory and Collegiate Work.
Also Vocal and Instrumental Music.
The aim of all work don. in this school is to prepare the students for
meeting and overcoming actual diliculties that may arise in later lift-,
and to enable them to cal ry a traimned intelligence into their varied
avocations. The Institution is presided *ver by Prof. J. W. Ward'tlaw,
who is assisted by a corps of competent and experienced teachers:
SCIIEI)ULE OF EXPENSES:
Private board ui good families, $A to $1 l er month.
TUITION-Primary D)epartmlent... $1.2. per month.
" Preparatory (Sec. B.) " .... 1.75 , ,
" Preparatory (Sec. A.) " .... 2.25 6- ,
" Collegiate .... 3.(NA)
" Musk " .... 3.50 '" "
Incidental fee for first half session, 25 cents.
Incidental fee for last half session, 50 vents.
For any desired information, address
H. V. McCAIN,
President Boanl of Director s.
B. A. FORTSON, Secretary. J. W\. WARI)LAW, I'rincipal.
ELKHART CARRIAGE and HARNESS IFG. 00.
L~awe mold t. coasucr. for 31 yclrs,
t' O -vh:r theceI the LO.tIr'3 prol-.. 'We -e the
n $11.00 *nd. rLRet i.nt:fIctorcrn i· /, ' 6T.
i pcirvlig Vtohicrandlm Iat res alswy u"
"'. AWe po fip a ,ht· b.r· ,"th s ^y Iy , , , ::i ,,
tory. Warrant tr years. W. ' i,. ana.e-Ctf'0
t.I ·)J ', oorder for you Write our own order.
Lotr,ýfree. e'c take all rs.c of damaago a
hp.WHOLESALE PRICES.
, -ring Wagons, S;1 to $30. Guarant d o. t. Surrey.
a n .. a CIorl( toUr. Surrys. $65 to$O $26
No.37. S rrey IHaraes. .s. ... for f orC to at:e. Top Buggiem. .26
$ 537.50,rsfn a£ ol~dfor0S. PhattontSGG6
to O$100. Form Wagons., Wasonettesd
3 Milk Wagons Delivery WvgonsaRoA
Cart. ICITCLLZ foo ]aI], 110A[ Is llLD1tgA.
t '\ $ 23 .5 0 Fm . ,o
Oea $6t*0 e0 Nu.;.. road 1,ason.
M o. i, larm tar, ,, e
NRDIEMS $ADDL[S ad FLY ,NrETl Elkhartiaeicle. 2~Ia. o,
8 pIeret oft M e.s with 1rde.. se.d 4, h-a pneumatic tir-c, weldele
ltdamps to pr patags m 1-Sru-pae eate ams steel tubnlc. Crop lorgins.
*$3,00rW 1o .= Adtr W. B. PRATT, Sec'y, ELKIHART, IND.
....
ti E---
Sof themse, e , anid to the interest of
r their people. and go as t'id the people
of Nehemiah. and while we work cr vote
- let it be with on.e hand, while we hold
the weapon -.f defense in the other, to
insure fa;. tes. and justice in the count,
1 givi-,g no heed to th "" hideous threats,
and the victo y will be ours. We should
want In, ' de-mand nothing but right and
justice. ..n!' as citizens, we cer.ainly
t have a erslect right ut demand that.
and if it !ecome necesary, let us fight
for op;" homes, or:, wives and for our
children. God  b,.. ;,,trnsted them to
*;vr il.. *-. demiIi 'o it of us, a ad if we
fril s . .. do, wae , e I, ;,: us. ?,', have
deniceI the faith, and a.e worse than a:
infi'del.
So with these obligations I,eore us,
and these resp-nsibilities upon us, let
us asake to a realization, of our situa
tion, and put on the whole a.mor of'
faith, and go out to battle against the
wiles oi .rtau. We are willing to be
come -objects on criticism by the old
parties, for we know that if we hold
out- wamce these stones will cry out unto
God.
So let .s ke !.sther of old, resolve to
I go in before kings and earthly poten
tates in behalf of our people, and if s
!erish, let us perish like men in the de
, fence of a most noble ant: honorable
IiMay almighty God give his people
grace. wisdom and backbone for the ap- I
prweaching campaign is the earnest de
Isire, sad sincere prcye, of your very
siremuch concerned, yet very humble and u
unworthy servant in the great cause of
º reform in every sense of the term.
J.D. Cana-rru.
The Fo.~ulist Leaven.
The Review of Reviews, pulb
li hed in London t~.,d New Yo:k,
pays toie following t, ibate .o our
pasty and the income tax plunk of
Iur plaL~orm:
"The Po ulist platform adopted
at Omaha on the 4th of July, 1892
had expressly demanded an income
tax. The adoption, therefoLe, by
the democrats of this Populist
plank, dealing with a matter of i
such cardinal importance, may
ijustly ;e celled a mighty manifes
tation of the working of the Po-i
pulist leaven. So great a third'
" party triumph as the acceptance
by the dominant party of this in
come tax demand is almost without
a parallel. It lifts the Populist
I party to a position of dignity and
prestige that had not been previ
B ously accorded to it.
"Thus it would appeal that upon
the conclusion of the present ses
I sion of congress, the Populist mem
bars may return to their Western
constituencies with the claim that
their views have gained ground;
c that whether Populism under that
iname tanuds or falls, its impress.
for better or for worse will have I
d been left upon the statute books,
to and upon the sentimlents and atti
t tud s of lading statesmen in the !
other ps. ties. These Populists at;
'Washington may also make some! '
fair claim as to their personal
t. fidelity. In a session where ab
it senteeism has been most scandal
Sons. and w here the part) in power.
dlepilt the overwhelming majority,
has for weeks together found it
, well nigh impossible to secure a
quorum, the li,. t iand of Popu
lists have been in their seats, and
- have attended, to the best of their
, ability and knowledge, to the legi
e timate interests of the nation and
to their constituents. They have 11
not been found among groups of
idlers and carot'sers in cloak rooms
and they have not I ~en known as
:o spoilsmen or office lobbers. They
- have followed the debates with
r close attention, and have partici- T
Spated studiously and earnestly.
If, on the one hand, they have is
shown no transcendent ability as
statesmen, orators or parliamenta
e- rians, they have, on the other handl
9 maintained an exceedingly good
t average in these regards. Very'
few of them could by any possi
bility be regarded as belonging to
political class. Speaking generally,
they many be said to be fair re
presentatives of the honest, well
intentioned citizenship of the states
from which they come.-Farmers
r Tribune.
READ! READ !
d The aMo Who Reads i. the Mam
Y We do not ask you to adopt our
t principles until you understand
,f them, and not then, unless you
think we are right. But we do ask G
you to read and satisfy yourself by
i"nvestigating the faota, we propose
to run a system of education, there
d fore we have on hand "Ten Men of
. Money Island," a clever exposi
tion of the function of money,
price 10 cents. '-Things As I 3ee
it Them," setting forth wise thoughts
At by wise men,-pnce 5 cents. These
d books will be furnished by mail tl
io ewid.
LOUISIANA POPULIST,
n Natchitoches, La. h
We are now prepared to uo all *
_ kinds of job work in the neatest
style and with dispatch. Give us
ai trial order. b
it Subscribe for the PoPrLIsT.
_ THE __
Louisiana PoDulist,
PUBLISHIED E'ERhY PRIDAY.
AF NaFchioches, Louisiana.
ONE DOLLAR A YEAR. IN AlD I4NcE.'
The leading Populist paper of North Louisiana. Devoted to the ed
cation of the masses upon the reform issues of the Day.
~ ADVERTISING RATE ON APPICATION AT OFFICE
It has a large circtilation, and Advertisers will get large returns throt
their Advertisement in the Populist.
M. P. MACHEN. Editor.
H. L. BRIAN. Associate Editor.
Published by the Natchitoches Publishing Co
It will give the leading local and general news items.
-- --
The Populist Job Oflice is prepared to do all kinds ot Job Prinf
in the neatest style, at St. Louis pricee. Will print
Circulars,
Programmes,
Bill Heads,
Letter Heads,
Envelopes, Posters,
Dodgers, Note Heads,
Cards, Funeral Notices.
Give us eour work, and we guazantee satisfaction in Style, price ai
promptness of delivery.
--o:o---
The Populist is designed to spread among the people a knowledge ef
their political and social rights; an exeollent advertising medium as it
circulates largely among all classes.
Be sure to sulbscribe for it. Be sure to advertise in it. There is as
harm in getting both sides of all questions. Therefore hear our side by
sending us a Dollar for the Populist one year.
Thea send us your JOB PRINTIXG, try our styles and prices. W*
believe we can please you; let us try and then you will know Whit
we can do.
|t