LOUISIANA POPULIST.
Subscription $1.00 Per Year. There is No Free ('ountry, UTnle~ the People Rule Price ;. Cents.
VOL. Ill. NATCHIIITOCHIES, L.. NOVEMBER 6, 18;. NO. 12.
u~ I__ I I ! II I I I I 1 I I ll ll 1 I i Il
SW RLD'S DIRTIEST CITY
tHis UNIQUE DISTINCTION BELONGS
TO AMOY, IN CHINA.
The Streets Are Fllted With the Accumu
latuon of Many Years of Filth---Sickness
Beggars and Dogs the City's Predomi
nant Features.
Amoy, in . ,-atl:e' t 'iern 'hilna. I 'ses.
Sbe thie Im itnelh . ,listint'lioln of Ieitllg tilt
dirtiest city in tle \; rhl. T'hiougti a:
one of the "letll Ii.ts it has bven in
lontact withI EuIroltitan 4i oaillerec andt
ehvillzation for over ihalf a century
Aside from the quarter where the for
tigners live, the Str(teets ri-ek with filth
and the air is lha\yv with stenchles so
poisonuuus they can be endured by tt
one but a Chinaman who has beee
reared among them.
The city of Amo.s is on an island of
the sau llll lname(., land Ipnksesses one of
the finest harbors along the Chinese
coast. Some 1].) years ago it had a
Polpulation of over a million, but the
latest estinlates oltlainableth say that its
inalbitants numbler hardly a tenth of
that now. Iroperly speaking, here are
two cities, an outer and an inner, the
tatter being a sort of citadel, perched
Upon mite rocky hills and encircled
by a ,iusive wall. It iý the outer
town, which lies along and aroundtl the
harbor, at the nmouth of the Lung
Kiang River, which is, for the most
part, the ILaraidise of filth and disease.
The streetl.. in sonime forgotten dy
nasty, are said to have been pavedl with
granite, but the accumulation of de
cades of illth are so deep as to leave the
statement olpnl to doubt. The thor
oughfarcs of this('hinese town areeven
Worse from any sanitary point of view
than those of the other cities of the
empire. They are, on the average,
twelve feet in width, but their depth
is unknowable, for during the season
of the rains they turn to rivers of liquid
mind.
In this particular part of the city the
ground is fairly level, and an attempt
was once made to conduct a system of
drainage, but vestiges of these drains
exist.
At almost every door stands a large
vessel, in which offal and everything
else offensive to the European eye and
nostril is thrown. This is a custom pre
vailing In nearly every great city of
China, and for this reason natives of
Amoy lool:ed surprised at the "foreign
devfl," who as he enters one of their
Sstreets for the first time, grows pale
and sick
In tdry weather the streets ale deep
with fine dust, and the air is quite as
badly tainted as dutr!ng the rainy sea
son, though the quality of some of the
most characteristic smells undergoes a
slight c'hange. It would not be so bad
if them e was a chance for the wind to
have full sweep once in a while through
these narrow streets, but they are all
covered wholly or in part with awn
ings, which in fair weather keep out
the sun, and in the rainy season afford
Ineffectual protection against the wet,
but always prevent the air from cir
eulating freely.
Another thing which makes the at
mosphere of the street retain Its polln
tion, no matter how much of a breese
may be moving, above the low house
tops, is the fact that the streets are
tortuous beyond description, their ir
regutarlty being made to seem even
greater on account of the way the cor
ners of many of the houses project out
Into the streets, npaking a series of
sharp turnings necessary for pedestri
ans. Horses and carriages, of course,
are unknown, for there is hardly room
even under the best conditions, for the
long files of people to brush past each
other.
Much has been written regarding the
people who throng the narrow streets
Of this and other Chinese citles, but
one thing that is especally noticeable
Is the vast number of beggars, the most
of wheam are afflicted with some sort Of
repulsive disease. The ammoniacal
gases and the ever present foul smells
are the cause of many sorts of dis
Sgarlng maladkes, as well as the epl
demics of fever, smallpox and other
Slth-lred conatagious diseases which
periodically decimate the dense popula
Next to the people in Amoy streets
the most striking thing among living
tets Is the vast number of dogs.
are all about a foot high, and
two feet long with bristling, pale, dirty
yellow or bLsk hair, and tails that curl
up high over the hack. They cannot
rona very rapidly, owing to the qusual
straightaness of their hind letgs, 'rhieh
"makes their attempts at rapid locomo
tion seem awkward. They all have
lack eyem, ad all possess this strltlg
peellarity-the isides of their ps,
months ad teaogues mare black.
In Amy, as la other Chinse elties,
there am resgular markets where dog
mat is id, the animals whleh supply
it beaing rerted expressly for the table.
Their lesh is quite xpalsive, so much
 that it Is cosidered a luxary far out
o thb reach of all but thse in good
ekeumstaes.. These dos are gs
sai M alIve, i cages, and keep up
a frightal yelplag. which is aem
·ed when a emtamer appraches, fir
the eaes a eresoqh plachiag sa
aretln the eaer easts bo# ta
- 1 aut Ih a a r. Te are Ma
them, and is aLl
Inima nack at or a black
J olmmand a higher
Speople of Amoy be
.au., e isxr'ially if eaten in
midsummer. is stiulHm, to insure
health and strength (luring the year
to come.
I)espite the fact that many Christian
missions have been established, in
faitticide is still very common in Amoy.
-mn,,, years ago. a Mr. Alhetl made a
thorough investigation. lie found that
in some places the proportion of fe
male infants murdereld annually rose
as higti as one-third. while the average
was one-fourth. (tOni of eight brothers
told hint that only three girls were left
among all their children, sixteen hav
ing been killed.
The reasons Chinese parents give
for committing these murttders are va
rious. The custom is far less l,reva
lent among the rich than it is with the
poorer classes, for with the latter the
girl child must be sold if the means of
the family are not suttfllent to dower
her richly enough to insure a husl,and.
FAMOUS LION TAMERS.
Some Curious Anecdotes About French.
men in the Business
French lion tamers, even if they do
not exceed in skill those of other na
tions. have, at any rate, had more
written and said about them, says the
London FIield. A few years ago M.
Pezon retired from business, having
made a fortune by Ms great power
over animals and gained the distlne
tlon of being possibly the greatest liton
tamer in the world, with the exception,
perhaps, of M. Bidel. at whose me
nagerie in Paris some time ago there
was a wonderful meeting of giants,
dwarfs and monstrosities generally,
for the purpose of discussing the inter
ests of their respective callings, so far
as those interests were connected with
thie hiring of ground in Paris and its
vicinity.
M. Pezon was one of the tamers who
ignored the use of a heavy whip. Con
diliation, and not correction, was ap
parently his motto; and, acting on that
principle. he attained prodigious sue
cess. Henri Martin, too, another
French erformnner, was quite in the
front ran!i; and he, unlike some others
in the profession, began really young.
lie was but a small boy when be first
emnlarked on circus life, and began
with horses, gradually making his way
to the more dangerous animals. He is
said to have been one of the few who
did not object to tackle tigers, leopards
or panthers-three animals which the
majority of wild beast performers
have a wholesome and not unnatual
dislike to. Some of M. Martin's meth
ods appear to have been curious. Hav
nlg on one occasion to interview a hy
ena, Martin wrapped his legs and arms
with cords, protected his bead with
handkerchiefs and other things, and
walking into the cage, went to the hy
ena and offered his arm. The hyena
bit it, of course, but Martin looked on
stolidly, as though nothing had hap
pened. Next day he substituted a leg.
and so the training went on, till either
the hyena got tired of biting or was so
disgusted at seeing no results that he
gave It up.
M. Albert of Havre, too, was another
famous man in his calling, and distin
guished himself on one occasion, when
he found a quarrel going on among the
bears, by walking straight in among
them and separating the fighiters; but
George Sanger once did about as
plucky a thing as ever was known. The
lions and a lioness were having a ter
rifle fight In their cage, and the battle
raged so furiously that neither Crock
ett nor the keepers cared about ven
turing In. Mr. Banger, however, was
equal to the occasion, and, going in
among the combatants, succeeded is
restoring peace at last. But if Crock
ett, who was a very able trainer,!
showed a slight loss of nerve on that
occasion, be made up for it on an
other, when a groom tampered with
the fastenings of the lions' cage at Ast
ley's, in the hope that the occupants
would kill one or more of the horses,
that he might be revenged on the man
0gement for some fine inflicted. A
iht watchman, hearing a noise in the
au~litorlum. soon discovered the cause,
and a message was sent to Crockett at
his lodgings hard by. The tamner ar
rived, and, going into the auditorlum
with a small switch, succeeded In a
very short time in recaging his qupil.
To Stop Bleeding.
Mr. Lawson Talt has invented an
electric haenomestat, an instrument
whereby the electric current is applied
for the arrest of bleeding. The prind
pie of the in-trument is the genemtion
oif beat by thb. reistanee to the current
etered by certain mqtals, and ts coag-e
uhtio of all albgious tlsUelee by
tempeeitures at or above 180 degrese
Fahrenbelt. A platinum wire is in
dosed in the blades of a pair of steel
iforceps, or any other requisite Instnr
meant, the wire being isolated by a bed
of barned pipe clay. A current of sult
able voltage is turned on, the artery
serlsd and compreseed, and In a few
seoauds its tissues are so eoagulated
and its walls agglutinated that further
pasese of bood is rendered impoed
bIe~ The essty for a lmgature Is
thees remoted, sad a aew and em-.
pletely *yetClre methoL d Is aem athe
uis5 of thei 5eiges fi the tires
HIS CRIMES ARE TOO MUCH IN EVIDENCE.
Tb
c I
,I l / I·
-C ". rn
UNCLE SAM--"Not Another Step--By t:~e Ete-nai:
M'K INLEY'S LETTER.
EVIDENTLY IN AN UNCOMFORT
ABLE POSITION MENTALLY.
H3s Quotation from Cleveland's Measage
Is Undlplomatic-A Part of His Letter
Might Have B.ee Written by Altgeld
or Dabe.
McKinley's long-looked-for letter of
acceptance is a disappointment to the
people. It is a labored affair, and
plainly bears the marks of strained
mental effort. The Major evidently
could have accepted some other style
of platform with much better grace and
with far less sacrifice of mental ease.
It is impossible to account for some
portions of his letter, in a manner con
sistent wjth his acknowledged ability
and honesty, upon any other theory
than that his mental stress was so
severe as to cause him to lose sight of
the just and worthy course which
otherwise he would certainly have
adopted.
When he says: "Free silver would not
maean that the silver dollars were to
be freely had without cost or labor,"
and "It would not make labor easier"
"It would not make farming less labor
Ious"-he is thoughtlessly guilty of the
insulting assumption that the scale of
intelligence among our laborers and
farmers is so low that many of them
need to be disabused of the idea that
silver is to be freely given them under
free coinage.
Under different mental conditions
Mr. McKinley would, not have lost
sight of the notorious and indisputable
facet that it was the organized farmers
and laborers of this country who have
forced this question beyond the control
of partisan demagogues into world
wide prominence, and if he had not
lost sight of this fact he would certain
ly have understood that the force capa
ble of bringing about such results
could not have emanated from a crass
of citizens whose understanding was of
the puerile order in which his assump
tion places it. It is charitable to be
lieve that Mr. McKinley was not prop
erly at himself when he made this in
sinuation, and it might be let go at
that if this mistake of his, in the mere
contemplation of the policy forced upon
him by his party, did not compel
graver doubts as to what might happen
in the event of his being placed in posi
tion to make that policy the rule of
the land. The laborers and farmers
comprise at least three-fourths of our
population, and if Mr. MrKinley really
believes that this large class of voters
are influenced to such an extent by the
childish belief which his argument im
plies as to make it incumbent upon
him to set them right in that particu
lar, then it follows perfectly naturally
that if chosen to the presidency he
would not stultify himself nor lower
the dignity of his administration by
considering even for a moment any
suggestion whish might come up from
them. And this, in turn, means plain
ly that the same old crowd, whose
idea of wit is embodied in scurrilous
jests at the expense of the "hayseed"
farmer and "mudsill" laborer, and
whose only conception of wisdom is
that it can alone be found in all its
purity beneath the silk hats of men
whose "business ability" renders them
sole to live without soiling their deli
cate hands, will control his administra
tion.
In his argument for the mainteasnee
of the existing gold standard he says: 1
"It is the recognised and sole standard
of the great commercial nations of the I
world with which we trade more large
ly than ant other. Eighty-four per
cent of our Toreign trade for the fscal I
yea 180 was with gold-standard coon
tries, and our trade with other coan
tries was settled on a gold basil"
In this he seems to imply that our
"foign trade" is a ooeed thing andI
sa-ht to be etertn to to the artest et !
making our standard of payment ac
ceptable to those with whom we deal.
How he can make this argument con
sistent with the other in which he de.
clares that protection is of "supreme
importance" is for a gold-standard pro
tectionist to explain. To an outsider It
would seem that if protective tariffs
are of "supreme" importance because
of their tendency to discourage free
trade, the free coinage of silver, since
It opposes the standard of payment
adopted by all of the "great commer
cial nations of the world with which wo
trade," ought, at least, to be of some
Importance in bringing about the de
sired object.
He declares that "protection has lost
none of its virtue and importance. The
first duty of the republican party, if re
stored to power in the country, will be
the enactment of a tariff law which
will raise all the money necessary to
conduct the government, economically
and honestly administered, and so ad
justed as to give preference to home
manufacturers and adequate protection
to home labor and the home market."
"Economically and honestly admin
istered" somehow sounds denocratic,
and was perhaps injected to catch the
ear of the gold democrats, who werq
shortly to be assembled in national con
vention at Indianapolis. But did Mr.
McKinley really mean to say "all the
money"? If so, then the internal rev
enue tax on whisky, tobacco, etc., will
have to be repealed. If he did not
mean "all," then why did he say it?
Was it because of the "mental strain"
already suggested as accounting for
some of his peculiar assumptions?
Mr. McKinley deliberately says all
that about "the first duty of the repub
lican party" in face of the fact that
even if his party is fully and wholly as
successful as its most sanguine mem
ber believes it possible to be in this
campaign it will nevertheless be utter
ly impotent to enact a tariff law differ
ent from that now on the statute books
because the silver senators from the
west have flatly laid down the ulti
matum "No silver, no tariff." and the I
time of none of them expires under two I
years.
In view of the help which he desires
from the goldbug democrats, was it not
a little undiplomatic, not to say cruel,
to resurrect and quote Mr. Cleveland's
message written for the express pur
pose of influencing the extra session of
congress to repeal the Sherman silver
law? A part of Cleveland's message
quoted by McKinley is as follows:
"With plenteous crops, with abundant I
promise of remunerative production i
and manufacture, with unusual invita- c
tion to safe investment, and with sat
lefactory assurances to business enter- 1
prises, suddenly financial distrust and
fear have sprung up on every side."
Now, since Mr. Cleveland's object in 4
writing thus was to prompt congress to r
destroy the last vestige of silver as
money and thus bring about the gold
standard in all its purity, which the r
republican party says "must be main
tained," and since Mr.Cleveland, by the
help of John Sherman, Tom Reed, and
the republican party generally, accom
plished his purpose, it does seem a
little unkind in McKinley to quote that
very message to show how terribly the
"threat of democratic free trade" was
already beginning to affect the country.
But he does quote it, and with that
very object in view, and then further
on in his letter he himself declares:
"It is not an increase in the volume of
money which is the need of the tire,
but an increase in the volume of busi- t
ness. Not an increase of coin, but an
increase of confidence." I
Thus it will be seen that these two
great statesmen, Cleveland and McKin
ley, agree upon what is lacking. It was
a want of "confidence" shown by I
' financial distrust and fear" which kept I
the people from enjoying the rich har- I
vests of investments, etc., in Cleve- 1
land's time, and it is only a lack o the
-re iagrs4)amt Sa MSgaler' .8mm
tion that still holds us plunged in the
depths of despair. One more quotation
from this surprising letter:
"We avoid no issue. We meet the
sudden, dangerous, and revolutionary
assault upon law and order, and upon
those to whom is confided by the con
stitution and laws the authority to up
hold and maintain them, which our op
ponents have made, with the same
courage that we have faced every emer
gency since our organization as a party
more than forty years ago. Govern
ment by law must first be assured;
everything else can wait. The spirit of
lawlewuness must be extinguished by
the fires of an unselfish and lofty patri
otism.
"Every attack upon the public faith
and every suggestion of the repudia
tion of debts, public or private, must be
rebuked by all men who believe that
honesty is the best policy, or who love
their country and would preserve un
sullied its national honor."
These are consecutive paragraphs
taken from near the close of the ClLter.
The only comment they call for 's that
the first might have been, with a few
immaterial changes, uttered by John P.
Altgeld or Eugene V. Debs in opposi
tion to "government by injunction" or
the lawless invasion of a sovereign
state by the federal military, while the
laiR could easily have come from
Bourke Cockran. Tom Reed, or John
Sherman. Altogether the letter is
weak and may well prove discouraging
to republicans.
Will the Fast Seeede?
The most frightful estimate of the
present condition of things in America
is contained in an article entitled "War
to the Knife," published in the Nine
teenth Century Magazine. The writer
seems to be haunted by the dread of
terrible calamities in case the people of
the United States conclude that they
are able to run their own financial af
fairs. He says:
"As the north was blind to the dan
ger of secession, so the American peo
pie have been blind to the steadily
growing danger that the federal Lv
ernment may at no distant day tall
into the hands of the silverites, and
that the eastern states will then be
compelled to choose between utter ruin
and withdrawal from the Union."
He points out that "it is to the ignor
ant west the United States owes the
greenback folly, the protectionist delu
sion and the silver craze." and while
he now believes the chances for Mc
Kinley's election are favorable, says "a
defeat of the silverites this year sim
ply postpones their victory for four
brief years." In closing he says:
"That the free and unlimited coinage
of silver means the utter ruin of the
east, goes without saying. When the
silveritee gain possession of the federal
government, the east must submit with
what grad it can muster to complete
and hopeless ruin, or it must
withdraw from the Union auld endeavor
to maintain its independence by arms."
In order to allay the alarming symp
toms we hasten to assure the east that
every legitimate business in that sec
tion of the country will be benefited in
proportion as the west and south,where
their factories find a market, are bene
fited. But if there be illegitimate pur
suits that are ruined, we do not wish to
be held responsible.
Another hint. When the east is out.
voted would be bad time for it to take
up arms against the trained squirrel
hunters of the south and cowboys and
miners of the west.
Some eastern papers appear to think
that "broad views on the coast de
fenses and the navy" is the main is
sue. Better focus their eye-glasses
for a distance of about 2,600 miles and
look westward toward the United
States. Possibly there is something
--se vie.l
UNCLE SAWS MIGHTi~EST GUN.
IV,len Done No Hott,'e Shiu WVi; Be Saie
WitiMn b, x'een "V ,s ci . s Muzzle.
: ,.. - , ,i ,i i', ' - . : .1 ,i ,h i
. : .1 N . 1'.. - i. 'i I.". rdv td
I Il.h t.
luar r al;lnt for t: Ioast dt H fl es,
" ,1" , - I?] it,), I t, ] t.l 'o" , I.II aLi' , L h e
i  nL in si7z'. W ,I'n- it r sanyt hing
ex,')pt ':Tlibe. The' are Ill, ".ti.ticb
guns., tnlie of whilh is ior ontel at Fort
Ilaiur it, io, and re ' iof which lies
m )ountel on In h ,,.r tlu r ,lut is at (,or
"'d" l.lal b ,l. T7'-, rIIIuIs \'"er not
a ~ ,l r liii - u '" , -. ,i , e ai F o r t
Iiimuiitoii I.-. let it, t ld a fe tw Lt iS.
and ear'i, tiih its r, , 1 raised the very
dickt:, w.ih its carrIazt.
Thet "'I - guns are twenty feet
long, and hav , a riu-, f bletwteen five
and -ix lnile.. ie noew gun will be
irl'ly lift y ft ,i l ' a to be accurate,
4Ut.;T7 feet1, \ill ii i ,' a -range of six
teen ililes and be able tO Ielletratie
twentv-s-vtni and one-half iathes of
th,, bes' ste-l armor at a distance of
two miles. 'The gun will weigh 125
tons, and it will throw a solid armor
piercintg projectile w,;ling 2,370
pounds. When the ,rojectile leaves
the muzzle of the gun it will travel at
the rat.e of 2.ss) feet a se,, ,md. aut' if a
plate of Iafirveyized steel thbrty-three
inches in thickness c\'ere placed near
the muzzle of the gun it would be pene
trated by the flying iatn- of the pro
je(ctile.
This gun. mounted at Fort Wads
worth, would be able to hurl a 2,370
pound projevtile upon a hostile loand-f
wa:r before she got within seven miles
of Sandy Hook. The vessel would be
expose,! to American shot before she
got in American waters, for the range
of the gun would be far beyond the
"three-mile limit." the distance off its
coast for which a nation claims juris
diction.
Technically the building of a gun is
called the "assembly" of the gun'. The
assembly of the new 16-inch thunderer
will not be a matter of (lays, weeks or
months, but of years. It is estimated
that even under the most favorable
circumstances it will be three years
before the gun is ready for delivery.
The building of 16-inch guns has been
something long desired by the Ord
nance Department, and the plans for
one have been carefully prepared.
The necessity of guns of this calibre
is evidenced by the fact that several
foreign men-of-war have armor
against which even a 12-Inch gun
would be ineffective. There is the
British battleship Inflexible, for in
stance, with twenty-four inches of ar
mor, and the Duilid and Dandolo of
the Italian navy, with twenty-two
inches of armo .
E:ugland has In her coast defenses
and her navy sixteen ,ins of 16-inch
talibre, and France has eight. Italy
has twenty-five guns of 17-Inch calibre.
The new gun. work upon which has
now begun at Watervliet, will be su
perior in effectiveness, however, to the
Italian guns. although they do have
one inch more of calihbre. Tl'ht great
trouble so far found in thie construc
tion of guns of such immense size as
those considered has been the' they
"dropped" at the muzzle after being
fixed a few times. The Ordnance Board
in designing the Watervliet gun, how
ever, believes that it has sueceeded In
overcoming this defect. The maximum
diameter of tlhe breach of the new gun
will be 62 inches. Tie diameter of the
breanh opening is 2") inches. To tire
this gun will require a charge of 1.000
pounds of powder if the usual brown
prismatic kind is used. If the gun is
a success more of the kind will be
built. The Ordntn(. Board is tconli
dent it will be a sure-ess and superior
In effectiveness to any gun in the
world.-New York World.
S Coal Consumption.
An industrious trifler, writing in a
Frenchl review. has been at the pails
to ascertain what is the annual co
gumption of coeal on railways and
Stean (.onlilanih(.t of the rcountry, and
bie has worked outt. says the Westmtm
ster Review, a total of 3.782,850 ton,
'his, Ihe tells us. would make a pyra
mid 516 feet high aid ,94 feet at tit
base. or nearly seventy feet above tIN
ireight of the Great Pyramid. Then hb
goes on to -alculate that If all this
coal were loaded in trtcks the thrain
would be 162.5 miles long-or as with
a nice feeling for the F'raneo-Russlar
alliance he put it-the distance be
tween Paris and St. l.tersburg. II
this tratu had to travel at the rate of
eIghteen and one-half miles an hour
it would take between three and foni
days to pass a given point. The rail
ways of the whole world would coin
sume. he asserts, on the faith of sta
tistics, which are doubtless fairly ac
curate, utarly ;3.000,000 ton of coal,
which would make twenty-five Great
Pyramids, but lie does now draw any
moral from these figures. except that
a great deal of <trbonhi acid is thu.
prs,('ipitated into the atmosphere.
About 7.500.000 wood toothpleks are
turned out daily at Harbor Spriamp