LOUISIANA POPULIST.
FRIDAY, February 20. 1897.
Church Services.
Services at the Methnlist church eve
ry First and 'Thirrl Sunday at 11 a. m.,
and 7:30 p. in.. by the Pastor. iH. W,
Rickey. Praver meeting every Wednes
day night at. 7:80 p. m.
IIAPTIST-M. E. Weaver, pastor. Iteg
lnar services. second and fonrtl, Sandays,
11 a m., and 8. p. in : Runday Si'hool. 10
a. mi.: Prayer rn etiug, Wednesday, 8 p.
in All invited.
Lodges.
Phenix Lodge No. 38. A. F. &. A. M.
Z T. Gallieu, W. M.; J. C. Triehel jr., Sec.
Meets first and third Wedudosdays, at 7
p. t.
Castle Hall No. 89, Knights of Pythias
-J. E. Breda, C. (!.; Adolph L'Herisson,
K. of R. 8. Meets second and fourth
Thursdays, at 8 p. •.
T Next Tuesday is Mardi Gras.
Jeweler Clark stands
A 1, and is now in the lead and
forging ahead--ho has given the
Death-blow to all high prices and
useless work-his motto is to live
and let live. When you come to
Court call on him and let him re
pair your broken watch, and see
how far a big, bright dollar will
go.
Watch Glasses only 15c.
Much suffering and even death
from starvation is abroad in our
land and in the borders of our own
parish, and the citizens of Natchi
toches have so far, contributed not
one cent, that we've heard of, and
while they are not very wealthy
they have plenty, and some to
spare.
What will they do
A meeting should be called to fa
vor the Wooten proposition of a
$90,000 appropriation from the
State, and to take up a collection
among ourselves.
This paper, poor as it is, will
start the list with $5.00.
Revolution Disc.
If y want the best combina
.tt farm- tool on earth-go to
'Williams, Weaver & O'Quin, and
buy Avery's Revolution Disc, they.
a're Agents for this district. Can
rader you to those who use them
fit you want reference.
:n'O/r genial friend 'Bob" Cage
: N#ew Iberia, was on our streets
:.ti Satuttay. tie is an earnest
"4I0te of Henry George, and
~Iiks the union of Populists and
!nbt taxerts of lit; section til
afmuch good. o oiiote it
#.' sell LI1ERTY B ELLI
8Jtoea; Wl~liams, Weaver
M* P. Mi 1atuim, the popular
jti- ,,~d
i -,~t
Y: rn~
A meeting of the (drouth suffer
ers of 'wards 2, 3 and 4, has been
called at Pleas.tnt Hill Church
house, ward 2, for today (Friday)
to see what can be done to enable
these people to make a crop. As we
have often slated, the supplies so
far donated have done much good,
tand have saved the life of m:an and
beast, yet they will be out by the
10th of March at latest, :nd the
siuffering will be as bad or worse
than ever. With (; weeks or 2
.months supplie., these eooplCe can
pitch their crops and betin to ,get
something from them, and hence
will be safe, but if this is not done
j it will cause the destruction of
Snmany homes, and perhaps the loss
of human life.
Hon. M. R. Joyner and J. R.
Weaver were in town Monday, to
make their final report to the Par
ish Relief Committee of the dis
tribution of the State donation to
their section, also to see about the
Times Democrat donation to this
parish.
Mr. J. B. Landrcau was in town
Tuesday, a witness before Judge
Levy in some minor case.
Mr. M. L. Payne came to town
last Thursday eve to attend the
Natchez Lodge K. of P. which
met here, and of which he is a
prominent member.
Starvations' Victims.
It has come at last!
For more than two weeks The
Item has insisted that under the
present plan of State relief, by
which corn was sold to those who
had cash to pay for it and the char
itable were left to reach the desti
tute through a committee engaged
in that sort of succor, there would
be deaths from starvation, and they
have occurred.
The first victims of Foster's pol
icy were an aged woman and a boy.
The Shreveport Times is the au
thority for the news which comes
to shame Louisiuna and which con
demns Governor Foster as a mur
dererl B. F. Thomson, of the
State relief committee (God par
don us for so calling it), wires that
contemporary from Ruston', Lin
coln parish, under date 20th.
Yesterday a son of Mrrs. Halo
waw died. This widow and family
isone case of extreme destitution,
and no doubt the death of her son
wras caused by the want of whole
somefood.
From Coushatta, Red River par
ish, the same newspaper is inform
ed, under date 19th, that another
victim bas been added to the one
that marks the deep damnation of
Fosterism. Oh that day'the police
jury met to devise some means 6f
providing immediately for the
rfought sufferers. That body ad
jorned without doing anything
for the needy, and et, s the cor
espondent of the Times says:
'Ird! y death has relieved one,
an old woman, of her starving
rwi ber. It might have been
ifble tht her sufering would
rbi e rieved had it been
sekiatown t some of our mer
or 0ther charitably dispo
iiit leaof .our parish.
:i. the-ofu people who might
B.a* e6t 1id not succor; while
Ms atbs pselling and had sold
iof corn to merchants at
(ltcnrd, Cohatta, a des
Ithe ilow's son, died
ad~ an old woman
r.d tie same shoogki and
fte
f. :ii~$ dia, bnt Louisiana,
nea. land with
t'p hunpy, and yet
I nittee, ofpo
if 3 !iwbopinim eto
- ~ odboc the way
ave
b~r s
4~~i~t~
~is~ll
- An Inaugural Edition
3 Every reformer in the country
n should secure a copy of the inan
) gural edition of the Silhor Knight
Watchman, of Washington, D. C.,
which will gi\ve an account of the
inaugural ceremonies of the early
) days of the republic as compared
with the pomp and splendor of the
1 present. McKinley's Cabinet will
be reviewed, that the people may
understand that the new adminis
tration will not be run in their in
terest, hut'in the interest of cor
porations and trusts. It will con
tain twelve pages, giving illustra
tions of the Capitol, White House,
view down Pennsylvania avenue
over which the inaugural parade
.will pass, and the Pension Build
!ing in which tlhe inaugural ball
will be held. There will also ap
pear an article from the pen of
Gordon Clark, entitled "John
Sherman Summed Up; the Politi
cal Mephistopheles of the Nine
teenth century," and an article by
- M. Meline, Prime Minister of
France.
Many think
when it was said to
the woman: "In
sorrow shalt thou
bring forth chil
dren thataperpet
ual curse was pro
nonnced,butsuchis
not the case. True,
dangers lark in the
pathway of the ex
aeetentMother and
ihould be avoided.
"Mother's
Friend "
so pprepares the sys
tem for the change
taking place that the final bour is robbed of all
danger and ain. Its use insures safety to the
life of both Mother and child, and makes child
birth easy and recovery more rapid.
"Mother's Friend" is the greatestremedy ever
plton the market, and my eustomer praise it
hlgly."-W.H.KmIo & Co.,Whitewrlgbt,Tez.
Book To oEpectant Mo rcA" maied P ree.
THE IRADFIELD REGULATOR CO.,ATIvana,Ga.
Best Passenu.er Service.
PAITIIEEN
TTEXAS
anno -aal Train.
Leave ortorth, 75 a m.; Dallas
* uervuu Roo
8:05 a. m.; Union Depot, 8:o 5 am Ar
rivest Pass enger Service
BETWEN QENED
O T LOUIS AD
OBe Posr to erw Orvian
PCannon Buet Sleepn Cars torain
tLeaves Fort Worth, 7:5 a. i.; Dallas
8:05 a. im.; Union De t, 8:15 a. m. Ar
rives St . Louis, 7:25 a. m. next day.
S. OU S TO ST . . LOUIS AND
4 flOURS TO DER'MP Is.
and Pacillo poast.
For Tickets and urtlheT inforiation,
Wt 1
W K~udi
0* I~repibredon
IFa~tongtar
1'f
th; very
SR. Saa Iaemauest.
The Old Reliable Axmnaxe Novooiwioinpsr
Sinth e that gave it birth, andioele.
brng its return by a more vigorous,bold and out
spoken demand for radieal refons tha y other
rnal of national lrculation. t is edited and pub.
lshed by. Pro. . V1 eent,20who is well known u
a political speakern mor e th n 20tates. It is spicy
but not Iconoclastic; bright,bnt not bitter; logical
and profound, but not dry and prosy In short, It is
just what every Popullstfamilyshouldread,and every
uopnlist should dellght in extending Its circulation in
his locality. Its departmeta are
A most complete news service
NEWI N, is given, and no other Populist
paper giveefall Market Beports
WdARRI that are equal to those of the
REPORTS, great dailies.
its "open court" where anyone
PZOIP],' may say what he pleases, is
FORUX, worth many times the .cost of
the paper.
Here is found the cream of the
reform thought of the nation.
The exchange department l in
EXCHANGl charge of a special editor so
COLUKN, that a subscription to the lNON
CONPonmar is equal to taking
a wagonload. Yougetthebest
from all in the one.
Amongits regular contributors
are Hen. John Davis, Hen. W.
cSpeeial A. Peffer, Prof. Ridpath, Rev.
Corlespondenee, Myron Reedanda host of others
whose writings are sought with
eagernessand readwithinterest
It keeps itereaders nformed on
the work of Congress. No other
Ceagrssstonal paper has so high areputation
Deaong. as the No-coxPo txsIr for
furnishing full information on
public matters.
It is the NEWSIEST, BRIGHTIEST, SPICIRET
and ABLEST Populist paper in the United States,
and it is read In every quarter of the country. It is
a six column, page weekly journal of established
reputation and ctrnlstion, founded in 1879. Subserlp.
tion price, $1.00a year. Trial trip, months, 25 eents.
Send a postal card thbr sample copy. Address,
AM. NONCONFORIIST, Indianapolls, Ind.
D. C. SCAItBOOIOUGII. II. CARIVERI
SCARHaOOUG H & CARVERI,
Attorneys at Law.
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
Will practice in the I)istrict Courts in
the Parishes of Nat hitoehes. Red River
and Sabine, and in the Supreme Court
of Louisiana. and the U. S. District and
Cir::uit Churts for the Western Di3tric
of Louisiana. jan 17-1y
Samuel J. Henry,
Attorney at Law.
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
Will practice in all the State and Fed
ral Courts.
a*i neCASH or on PaEN! PAY
St or e am e. ey t rial ino
u nk tsniS T a fult l descriptions o
E ?all our s anos and Orguss
REMEMBER we ar the only
d er t irm of actual nlo u ctui rs
eml d ef ru obVae or a, u ue op uDa-theelerjs only 'A rm where you t the
o1e laroron entealero' or i ddlemen'. profits
Cd N ISH oor on, l EAS PAi MENg nN
Sto mdt yoere Vrtaacea. ' n F o ys' trial In
your own home under oar rnt twventyfive ya. No money r
Fa Qtrt(ýedmilmt txltr. R sou ,R araned.
fRISTIvP ceu-oa ban. >il tbi TUNS s N o' (jatisfeetiOA. amo*,r..RS
t r h h od tl owt s no p.J-ow_ e-r. 3
Sanyh g teo ltor of this ppao. horay
hr an Doeudeoorab C an mtloura tetl s,
riten d 1de..t at o cee fo fsrt Iasstrte catlo
Tubn Watete atWheels
CORNISH do CO., Pln oun.d.mbkem, WashIngton, N. J.
"Dz LOACH.
" Variable Friction Feed Saw Mills,
Planers and Matchers,
DDeeLoaM Clrn and Flouro -llAs,
JTurbine Water Wheels,
",, Jungy Elephant" ~allng Press,
Engines and Boilers,
MILL MACIINI3Jy AND GBA4RfN OP ALL KINDS
SAW REPAIRING
WORK OUARAN7BPAD
IoTOi causue nearly all the trouble In life, and more especialtly
FR In machinery. Our VARIABI FPJCTYON as applied to
Saw Mills and Planers enables the operator to take just
what he needs and no more. Warranted to yield a capacity twenty pet
cent. greater'than the old style with same power.
97 Saw Mills sold ln one montlh proves Its wonderful populartlly,
and they go to all parts of the world.
The DeLoach Variable Friction Feed PIaner,
Matcher and Moulder beatsr them aL;
Write at once for large Illustrated catalogue.
DeLoach Mill Mfg. Co., Atlanta, (fIa
ilr Washla .ao St, New York City, and 11I S. 11th Slt. St. Louis, Mo.- '
i*1, ,
G. ]H. Prothro,
PHYSICIAN & 'SURGEON,
NATCRITOCHES LA.
Diseases of Women and Chil
dren a speciality.
Office in thejIriohel;Drug. Store.
may81-ly.
T 'U . J , , AW EIL
- T who
r .
Mvrd h ()US Ton
Street near
49 YEARS OF SUFFERING
FROM
SEUMI TImSM
Read carefully this testimonial found below, alsoletters from those
ho havet been cured of other diseases. and remember that "5 props" has and can never
fail to quickly relieve anc permanently cure. Sept. 9, 1896.
DAr. Sin:--Your bottle of '"5 Drops" received. It was for an old friend, Mr. Win.
E4wavd,. of Mfartinst~wn. W\is. He has had Neuralgia in his chest, suffering a great deal of
pain. so much so that it affected his heart and he could not sleep, on account of a smothered
feeling. He has been unde:r the care of the most eminent physicians, but found no relief
until 1 gave him a dose of "' Drops." The very fir't night he rested well, and has ever since,
and is gaining daily. I nmyelf e:n t;7 years old and began taking your medicine lest Aprll
for Rheumnatesm, which I have had for 49 years, also tor a weak heart, ince taking
"5 Drops" the Rheumetism has all disappeared, the slifiness is gone from nmv joints, and m
heart never misses a beat. I am to-day a well, strong women, ami I owe it to "5 Drops." I
only wish I could sound my bugle of ,piio l:ud eno;sg;h to be he'ard all over the world, and
could convince every one that "6 Drops' Is all you claim it to be and more. ,
Mrs. D. T. Carve'r, Wiuelow, Stevenson Co., ll.
34 YEARS OF SUFFERING.
DEAR Sin:-- JANUARY 2, 1897.
Over 34 years ago, I had Typhoid Fever,
and barely escaped with my life. It left my
vsystem so shattered that I have hbd. e-,:r
since, Rheumatism and Throat Troub!;
which gave me a terrible Cough. I had been
unable to find any relief for there dizeasese
Until I learned ol your "5 DROPS ", whiI,
I commenced taking only two months ago,
and my cure has been indeed woNDEawr:,.
Already my cough has entirely dis:appearerd,
and the Rheumatism which for a few years
past has threatened to make a cripple of me.
is cured, and I am free from pain. This is
the most wonderful and the cheapest remedy
ever discovered. I am more thankful to you
than words can tell and 1 want everybody to
know what "'5 DROPS" has done for me.
Although I am ovi ,n70 yHYa old, I am feel
inl beater th'n I have in years.
fshall be glad to answer any luestions re
garding my case from anyone enclosing a
two cent stmDe. Gratefully ours,
MRS. SAMUEL RIBLET, Lichfield, Mich.
CATARRH AND HAY FEVER.
I find the bottle of '"5 DROPS " to be very
ood and ',st what you claim. My wife ha.
been suffering with Catarrh and Hay Ferer
over 16 years. She has tried everything and
doctored much. but no cure until she tried
"5 DROPS" which completely oured her.
Yours truly REV. L. VON WALD,
March 31, 18id. Milbank, S. ).
NEURALGIA AND SCIATICA.
For twenty lone years my wife suffered un
told tortures from Sciatica and Neuralgia,
and I thank God for the day that your heav
en-sent remedy fell into my hands, for t
completely cured her I am a mI!ni!,ter of
the Gospel, and when I fi',d any who suffer,
cannot help but recommend "5 DROPS", for
If you have not aute3int confidence after rending theqe letters to serid for a large bot
te, send for a sample bottle, which contains sufficlent medicine to convince you of its merit.
This wonderful curative gives almost instant relief. and is a permanent iure for Rheu
matism. Neuralgia, Sclatica, Catarrh Asthma, I)yspepsia. Backache, Hay
Fever, aleep leesness, Nervousness, Nervous and N."uraigic Headaches,
Heart Weakness, Toothacho. Earsehe, Croup, " La Grippe," Malaria,
Creeplng Numbnas. IBroechitis and kindred diseases.
FIVE DROPS" is the name and dose. Large botUes (300 doses), $1.00. Sir bottles for
8.00. Bample bottle. prepaid by mail, 25o. Not sold by druggists, but only by us and our
agents. Agents appointed in new territory.
SWANSON RHEUMATIC CURE C0., 167 Dearborn Street,
CHICAGO, ILL. U. S. A.
The State NormalSchool,
NATCH1ITOCHS,. LA,
Xaintainediby the!Statel[forthe training of
Teachers.' DAffords thorough prepara
tionIfor the profession Fof Teaching
Full course of Academic, study, practical training in the art o.
Teaching, one year of daily practice in model school unider
guidance of siklled training'teachers.OClaJs work ex
omplifies the best of modern thought in matter '
and nIethtld of instruction.
Diploma Entitles Graduates to-Teach in, any olublicjsthooi of
SLouisiana without examination..
Tudtion free ,to Students who teach one year
after Graduation.
Entire Expense for session or eight months,, $1 i
Twelfth Annual Session beginstOCT. 1. 1896.
Foy C.PGtn Wr sO.-.... T- ,
,.:W -. , CP . EL, resie, :
I know It will do more than you claim for it.
It~EVY. . H. COOPER, Washl ngton Center, Mo.
PARALYSIS AND RHEUMATISM
DEAP. SI±u; NoVEMrnBg 9, 1895.
It it peit pleasre I spcak of your price
less ret:.edv and of the g,od it has done me.
For the lnat et.ht. years I have been an Incur
,ler, cripple f'in paralysis ani rheumatism..
Just thinit. fotr ei;ht years t total cripple, not
able to earn a penny norable to walk or step
on the grount without the aid of something
to lean on. H eaven bless the man who dise
coveted this remedy, for, thanks to him and
to God. Iam able to walk and able to work,
I have only taken two-thirds of a bottle, but
have not had any pain in my back since I
took the first dose, and after the second I
walked across the flooi', which I have not
d:on in years. I have thrown "away my cane
and shall never need it anint. To any one
Fe:,ding me it two-cent sttal'> I will scil my
aftidavit. I haveC another l;ottla of "5
DROPS" aend value it at $1.oo per drop.
Thltnktnlly yours, EDWAAlli CASTIE,
1005 Wall Street. 8ionn City. Iowa.
INFLAMMATORY REInUMATISM.
D EAr iT .s: el: ' . 2, , ,,1195.
I wish to tell von and saiTrihgZ humanity -
how nomch good '"5 DROPS" l;s done me.
On the beginning of this year I took down
bedfast with Inthlt:Imatoryv (ilt il:rc isn, cand
I was doctored by as good phv'.'r..,: as this
country has, but they could ot ttn me. on
Antlist 4, I began to take ". DPiPS'. At
that time every joint in my bl:.y and my
limbs were slit', so that l cold not be
moved. Even my tongue was getthug so
that I could hardly speakc go any one could
understand me, but to-day, only set: in weeks
from that t.ime. I am 4bsolntely tured, and
thank you and God for my recove:y.
.Gratefully yours,
0RCE . AND)RSOON, dCracken, bans.