' It is claimed tLa:t paper-pulp water
pipes have xben tried in London with
success. Besides being durable and in
expensive, they are free from the us
nal corroding lullui-ncves affecting metal
pipes, and, moreover, are free from the
electrolytic effects of the electric cur
rent employed in street railway sys
tems.
The Cincinnati Tmunes-Star can't nn
derstand the local project to "cut a
new ship canal a mile in length for
$10,000.000 and sell c:le mile cf ,lae
lower end of the Chicago river for $15,
000,000." Why. the smnell alone would
sell for more than that to any fertilize!
factory.
theer li)rperatlon.
J. T SnrIrnrisr (it. G.
k1.-ar sir :- --' i.v:al p!a o iiana treat I me
without -Uti P.- Ior1 i iat tii - h i-r, i' ,cd a
itu irir c . is- i era 7o, t aim. Iin : tl l , ti to ltis
I have tllti etve- -n-, al'ei trnie iv that was
ti le-tred to ioe. iUlt nihini diritn me the
iii i'e'l go d itii I in -her r !'-I,e ratlion I
tried sour Teiri hintE. Th sa ffe-tied what
See ri toI be it P'r:IIiAN.ENT curl., ard I 'ake
pleasurein testif iln; toits in-rit ." it .lpet
full yc ur-, II AC G. l.AAL
I box by mail for oc. in etamnpa.
Physicitan, Poet and Inventor.
It Is seldom that nature endows one man
with such dive'sitv of t!aln ii s n ch pro
emirent detr e as in the c: vt ,f Ir. O. T.
Dozier, of ltirlmiahm .hnna.lit: lit i itli himn
excellence is ithe mark and -t:inil f his
genius in ev.rvtrthin htliltttnlll t. Iii- laliny
inventions a-iI tl.e worki f its fail l.e pe'n
have broughttt h'm fame' n l :a j'l-t rewarll
for his work. But it in :is a healer oif ithe s,.k
that his greatest repultation hasi been wont.
Thousanl a of mrn and w"mIien, \%it-i h iv.'
been cured by him. attest his w-nriderful
skill, while hardly a papl.er pnOlished in tlle
sonth has failed t corninend and indor,-.' itan
to its reders. He is indeed a remark:allo
man. able-sin: t- our p iopli it,, and the whole
south is pr'oi.I f 1h 01 as one of tier il it
lfted sonn. IHi- earl I ;iia" elsew \here in
this isan annid ·!,uitl hite r,:l iv io:ur , v-"-v
readerandclipprd out and kep; for fut:ure
re.erence.
JDue try a Ifle box of ('nearelsts t euast
'liver and bote regulator ever insiz ,
ST.aT or Onto, CITY ofr ToLEO,
S LrcAs COUt r. .
FkiANK J. C zNETr mnactes oath that he is the
senior partner of the firmo . F. . CHENEY &
Co., doing busiines in tthe City oi 'To-iedo
County and State afore.aid, and Ithat sa:d ri rm
will pay the sum of ONE iUND1IfEI) 1)O11.
-LARI for each and every (case o C itarrh tliat
c.unnot be cured by the use ,if tAttl.S CATA t lilt
VURLE FilANK .I. Cu..cyr.
i-worn t 1lefore ma anl .ustcrib:.d itn my
presence, thi- th day ,tf iesneh .r. A.. . 186.
iAL A. W. GLE~a.tN,
-rr+ N-ftur, Pubhe.
Hall's Catarrh Care s talken internally and acts
directly on the blood atnd mucous surfaces of
the system. Send for test minials, frpe.
F. J. C('Hx rY & Co., Toledo. 0.
"fSold by Dra "" , s-. i<.
!lail's Family Pills are the best.
Den't Tobacco Spit and Smote Youa Life
Away.
It you want to quit tbuo-ro usinc easily and
forever, regain lost manmod, be made well,
strotng_ magntle, full of new life and vivor,
take No-To-liac, the woder-worker that
make weak men strong. Many gain ten
 ds an sdays. Over 4.00, cared. Biy
-ro- ac efrom your own druggist. lUn&d
sasoiatUJ rantee to cure. Bok and satpl
tree. ATress bSterling Remedy Co., Chicago
or NOw York
A woman who has passed thirty thinks all
other young women must be twenty-seven,
anyway.
Do you w;sh to know how to Iavre no aIeama and
Dot half the mun d a alr on wash-day!? Ask vo;ir
grocer fr or a bar of Dobbin' lectric Soap, and the
directions will tel you how. Be sure to get no imitU
tion. Th.re are lots of them.
Scotohmen have almost entire control of
the stone cuttlng tIrdustries of New York.
CASoAmUtS stimulate liver, kdneys and bow
ls. Never sicken, weaken or gripe. 0as.
STlSstopped ftesoi pernia ;entlycured. o
Ats afte dray's u ou f Dis. KLs's GaSlT
lxsvyRssrOsRn. Free trial bottaeandtreat.
lee. Send to Dr. Kline. ll A rch St.. Phila. PIe.
I believe Piso's Cure for Consumption saved
Iy boy's life last summer.--Mus. ALLIa
DoiuGLss, LeRoy, .luch., Oct. 3), I1*L
Was9 billoUs or costive, eat a Caoaret,
say eathartic, cars guaranteod, M3., Me
ris. Wlmsow's Soothing Syrup for ohildreo
teething softens the rums. reduces tnfama.
ties, allays parn. cures wind colic. ~ec. a bottle.
Catarrh
Is jut as s ly a disease of the blood as is
egrofala. So say the best authorities. How
foollh it is, then, to expect a cure from
rma, Ihalnte, etc. The sensible course
Is to purify your blood by taking the
bst blood purifer, Hood's Bvuwapelrlla.
This medlcne has permanently easd Ga
t ar multitude of ases It goes to
the root of the trouble, whleh I Impure
blood. Bemember
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
Is tebeSt-lIn fact the One True Blood Prie.
ngdS NIf l ta . otlh ol~y to tako
Seed'srPils "i's.'ti. Me,"s..p,•
CANOERS u'Rs
_ _MALINANT SOES
CURIOD.
NO KNIFE UEBED.
Addrs with stamp
DR. CURRENT, Paroi, Ky.
WE AIV IBV tomen and womene n
W ra @SLNIlI every town to work for
d a or eesiag. at their homes; nice, pleas
Int wo noovessing. Experience not neo
e y. stap for particular.
STANIDARID CO., l W. 23d t., W. V.
W esns for cigars; xpata re e -
eeassr; special tadusementa tocustomers.
W . L. mt: a Co., r. Looa.
New esrtal t e of oeamery auddatiry
e mpliet farm implemeats. Write
esMtilsai this paper .
L. A Unna.Mw Ewlell. n 5t. A Ianta. O.
di I ·m l in htea o1./l woed
n. NaU. No.47. 189.
FILEST r awtuiapret ad
EEE roe samlc. e s .
,Chles.
ott
,. . .k - .a
F NOTES AND COMMENTS.
It is learned that there are eight Intll
1 ion piano players in the United States,
a and they can elect any man l'resdeunt
that they may unite on. This is ter
rible.
Any one who has occasion to pass
along New York streets cannot but lie
Impressed with the improvement in the
r looks of the pers'onnel of the poli'er
forle. Many new faces of younger
and apparently more intelligent men
are to be noticed on the force.
Children cannot be dealt with on the
principle that their nominal age ne
cessarily registers a real maturity of
power. Some children are wiser at six
than others are at sixteen. The discreet
rmothe'r will ask how much rather than
s how long her chihl has lived, and ad
just her educational efforts accordingly
Scarcely has the horseless age shown
e Itself in the distance, than signs of a
wheelless age apixtar on the horizon of
the industrial world. An inventor at
Olneyvill-, R. I., is engaged in devel
oping a wheelless carriage. It is to be
run by electricity on runners which
operate on eve~entrics, causing them
to act as "creepers."
Cuba is rapidly becoming a deser:.
The production of sugar and tobacco
for export has practically ceased. Its
trade has gone, the production of rev
enue has reased, and in the list of bor
rowing nations Spain stands at the
foot of all, in the lowest class. It is a
terrible price that Spain is paying for
her pride of possession.
According to Engineering, the pnetu
matic lubbtr tire was born in 1IS1.
when a n!:!n of the name of Thomp-
son parente- ":n air tube. The original
tire had an inner tube of soft rubb!er
and an outer covering of leather. In
1S-19 the leather was replaced by rub
ber, which was thickened in the tread,
thus producing a tire similar to some
of those on the market to-day.
A Swedish colony is soon to be estab
lilhed near Bristol, Va. An agent of
the Swedish government has purchased
a tract of land containing 5,000 acres.
This tract is to be divided Into 250
farms of twenty acres each. A family
of Swedes will settle on each of these
mnall farms, and thus a colony of
about 1.(,00 population will be estab
lished. These colonists will bave their
owin churches, school houses and mer
cantile establishments. It Is under
stood that a large percentage of the
colonists will establish vineyards.
The Savannah News reports that the
severe storms have nearly destroyed
the rice crop in Georgia. "The plant
ers," It says, "are having a pretty hard
time of it. The Louisiana crop, which
was a short one last year, is this year
30 to 60 per cent short of what it was
then. Besides that the crop was widely
damaged by a long and severe drouth,
and for these reasons the planters
around Savannah were looking for a
good thing of it. After all the bills
are paid, however, it is doubtful there
will be much of anything left."
In some things the Japanese point of
view is very different from that of
other countries. The track of the Ka
ma-Kura Railway is not fenced in, and
crossings rarely have gates. A boy
carrying a child on his back, straying
on the line, was recently knocked down
by an engine, and both boy and child
were killed. Thereupon the railway
company prosecuted the father for al
lowing his children to trespass, and he
was fined ten yen. Some time ago at
Osaka a cow was run over, and the
owner was fined 200 yen besides losing
his cow.
Reports from India convey the alarm
ing intelligence that a vast region of
that country, containing an area of
400,000 square miles and a population
of 100,000.000 persons, is threatened
with all the terrors of famine. The
crops are a total failure, provisions are
already beyond the reach of the poorer
classes, and there is increasing danger
of starvation for thousands of victims.
Fortunately the crops of America, ad
ded to our large surplus of wheat and
corn from last year's harvest, will en
able this country to supply much of
the shortage in the East, and it is en
tirely certain that for a twelve-month
at least there will be an enormous
movement of grain from our Pacific
ports to the Orient.
"Germany," says the St. James Ga.
sette, "has had five sovereigns since
Queen Victoria began to reign. She
herself will in future be recognized as
the ancestress of one of the most pow
erful rulers. Her grandson wears the
iron crown of Germany. 1Ier grand
daughter is empress of Russia. An
other granddaughter is crown prin
cess of Roumania. Her second son
rules over the principality of Saxe-Co
burg. The hereditary princess of Sue.
Meiningen sle her granddaughter. The
heir to the throne of Greece is her de
scendant; the grand duke of Hesse her
grandson. She has no fewer than slx
ty-one descendants wno one day be
tween them promise to be at the head
of more than half of Europe."
According to- Harper's Weekly, the
Spanish sathorltes have ordered a
strict watch to be kept along the
French frontier of Spain, in order to
Inte.cept the great number of young
Lpamniards who take refuge in France
to escape being sent to Cuba. All the
trains that cross the frontler are visit
ed, and every young man submitted to
a rigorous examination, and obliged to
furnlsh papers establshing his iden
tity. Guards are also stationed along
the frontier line to prevent desertion
from other parts; but notwithstanding
these eforts a large number succeed
daily in e-eteL g their escape. Many
ofat these deserters samert tlat were
their compaulons subjected to a like
duty, they would willingly take their
chance with the rest. But as their
ticher eamrades can escape the Cuban
amapIp b1) paln 1g100 tr53g (6IO) I
for a substitute, they `Pt no canson
why they should be sent to death, whi!e
1others, bless.,d with a larger share of
this world's gt;ooIs. retrain happily at
home. Whatever the reason, the num
r te'r of desertions is daily on the I
-
creaet'.
"The interest in the construction of
e highways which characterizes our
a. time," says Professor Shaler, of liar
y yard UIniversity. is il good part du1
to the invention of the bicycle. The
wheel carriage propelled by foot power
is a relatively old contrivance, but until
the last quarter of a ceniitury the ma
chine adhered to the old type of the
four-wheeled vehicle. It) required the
hardy spirit of our time to lead the in
ventor to the conjecture that a man
t might ride on two wheels. In its social
u Importance the bicycle deserves to rank
next to the railway and the telegraph
among tihe inventions of ourwaningccn
u tury. The use of these vehicles, the
a numlwr of which is now to be reckoned
f by many thousands, affords to those
Lt who employ them constant object les
I- sons as to the condition of our high
e ways. Where a man is drawn by a
b horse he neeIds to have a keen synl
n pathy with his beast in order to per
ce've how apparently slight differences
in the uondition of the roadway may
o greatly vary the amount of strain
s which is put upon the propelling agent.
When. however, his owin thlews are em
ployed, every little a,t.ident of the way
niakes a (it ep impress on his body.
Ta hus. every cy(list tb.tomnes a critlic of
r the highway. Ih~ tratyrses: and. as
cyclists are w-att4ered far and wide all
over thei land. and are of a station to
make themsihelves etficien: developers of
Iulli (opinion. through their art has
" been gained a sttula ting influence in
favor of better rtads."
n Considerable interlnst is being mani
- fested throughout the ettrutry in the
I, National Congress of .M15thers which is
e to be held in W1ashingtsm next Febru
ary. Mrs. T. W. Htirney, of Washing
ton, who proposed the plan, and who is
f pushing the idea ttvy.rd culmination,
t is daily in receipt of le:ters from all
parts of the United 'tates assuring her
O of the co-operation ef the best known
and energetic women of America. The
subject was tirst presetited at some of
the mothers' meetings at v autauqua,
in the summner of 1Sf C. and it is be
r lieved by those intereste'd that ineal.u
lable bewnefit nay be de rived from the
assemnlling of many v omen for the
interchange of views at d the study of
onme problems, which ci n be solved by
women alone. A ciret lar letter has
Sbi-en issued giving the fol lowing outline
of the work of the prosp sed congress:
"It is proposed to have the congress
consider all subjects whiteh relate to the
I home, especially those bes ring upon the
r better and broader moral and physical,
s as well as mental, tra; ning of the
young, such as the value of kindergar
ten work. and the extersin of its prin
Scples to more advanced rrtudies, a love
of humanity and of cou:rtry, the physi
cal and mental evils i'es ultlng from
some of the political mn:ethods of our
schools, and the advant.ages to follow
[ from a closer relation lxtween the in
Sfluence of the home' and that of unsti
tutions of learning. Of especial im
I portance will be the subjnt't of means
developing. In childlrrn characteristics
which will elevate and en noble them,
I and thus assist in overcom:,ng the con
I ditions which now prompt crime and
make necessary the maintenance of
jails, workhouses and reformatories.
These matters will be presented to the
t congress by men and women foremost
In such work, and whose names are ev
erywhere known and revered."
A Mighty Sword Thrust.
The swordfish Is a combative mon
ster, and the weapon with which na
ture has lrrovided him is terrible
enough when directed against his nat
ural enemies of the sea. But it's a
foolish tish that runs amuck with an
oak-t:ottomed barkentine. and its most
vicious thrust is apt to bring tr-ore woe
to itself thlan its enemy, thowgh the
crew of the Irmgard had a hard time of
it on a voyage just completed from
Honolulu to San Francisco.
Two days out from Honolulu a heavy
gale struck the ship and lasted for
24 hours. Just as it su1sided it
was discovered that the ship vras leak
ing. It was not a bad leak, the water
creeping very slowly up the hold, and
under ordinary circumstances would
not have given much trouble.
But the Irmgard had a cargo of sugar
aboard! and leakage lmeant big Jogs un
less it was promptly checked. So the
pumps were rigged, and every two
hours a detail of men was set to work
for fifteen or twenty minutes to keep
the water down. 'This course was pmr
sued for the entire long voyage.
When tile Irmgard was unloaded in
port a search was made to find the
cause of the leak. A silor ran across
the cause in the bottom of the bold.
It was an inch of swordflih sword pro
truding from the bottom.
Examination showed that the sword,
driven with tremendous force, had pen
etrated five inches of planking and
eight inches of lining. It was brol;en
off two Inches below the outer sheath
lug, so that sixteen inches of sword
camue home with the ship. The monster,
after this terrific thrust, must have ex.
erted tremendous force to free bhlmeell
from the grip of the oak, for be had
worked a sufficient hole around the Im
prisoned sword to permit of a oonsid
erablh!e leakage.
Three or four planks had to be re
moved before the swod alnd Its sur
rounding wood could be cut out. The
specimen was then sent to the cit7
museum.-New York Herald.
R eopt dtscu.ion on the duration of
sunshine in European oquties hasn
evoked the infornla tio that Spal
heads the list with 3.000 hours a year;
Italy Ihas :lwo0 houts, Germany 1.700
-4 Englad 1,400,
Weather S!gns From the Sun,
f If at sunrise there areu lmany dark
t clouds s5ee in the west antd renia.i
. there, rain will fall on that day.
. When the sun rises with dilu. nilnrkv
clouds, with black Itains and t-ouds
in thlie West, expect rain.
If the sun rises pale, thetre will be ,:ain
r durin' the day.
If the cloulds at sullnre be red, thler,
.will b.' rain during the day.
Itf tile stnil rises clear, then shadowecl
bh a lutiid :tld then collles oult clear
: atin, it will rain before night.
Iedl skidc- in the evening precede
til:e mI rrow\s.
A red cvteiling inmlicates fair weather,
but if the red cxtendl far upward, es
tl I'pially ill the morning, it indicates
k wind or rain.
1 A vYry red sky ill tie east at sunset
indicates stot , trily \w itls.
e f the stllu sets int darkt. heavy cloulds,
, exipect ra;in thei ntext day.
e A btligtt yetllow\ siIunset indicates
wind: :t pale yel:ow. wet.
If the sun sets pale, it will rain to
ll nrrow-.
A halo :lrounld Ithe stllt inlical:Ltes tile
apiroach of a storm. withint thrti di:iy<.
froni the side whiih is more brillhaztr.
" If there hbe a rill or halo :ro ndi the
u sun illn ad wt e.iath Itr. expect tine
1. Weather st ll.
- Ilazte and w .-te-rn skXy iirp,'.' t di
y :ate fair weathllr.
A blutr of ha:ziness about the stlln in
f die'ates a sturtll .
s If the still horn Ilorec th:ia uisual, or
I thelre hie' a hailo :t'ot:d the sunl in lint
o weaither. expec't rain.
f When the sun in the mlor :ng is
th!e :Ift'ernllool.
"Stlsh:ni t sho vser won't ilt r i:flltour;
SSunshine and s.hotier rainl a:ia:n to
nlor'rwtt."
Pale yellow twihightl. x'tdelintg high
up. indicates threatening wi:alhetr.
S "'As the days begin to shorTen.
'iThe hbrat begins to scor'h l 'heti."
S Snudog.s in sulmlllc r illiicatl a ioruin.
r "Evening rid and mollrning gray
a Sets the travcler on hi-s in y;
e Evening gray and morin.i red
f iirntigs down rain upllon his head."
The Use of Hashish.
" l'Le hablt of hashish-smnoking is so
e :afnn all over E;.ypt tlxat it excites
liie ('iouillnet' wllatevelt\cl allcnsig nrtives.
I 'ir;l n recently very littlet 1,bught has
Y bern Ii .vren to the, intimate rel;ation be
tw'een l'ahlhtsh-slllokiug and ilisilmtv.
e liut an (menihlnt medical n.an, in a re
r tort on thel caus('es'of ilasuity, :has put
d tlonn a large nuLlltr of cases to the
hlabit of smoking hashish. There are
e several ftorms in whi-ch this troul'le
m::anifests itself. The latitnit may be
rhilariouis, reckless, alp.rnItly full of
spirits and given to extravagant talk
atl1 actions, or he may have i hat is
a called acute mania. IHe is tilled with
terror, suspects everybody, is out
r:eous in eonluctt, incoherent in
sp$eech and sometimes violent. Under
other circumstances there is weakness
of the mental faculties which may run
into senile dementia, the victim prat
tlina about the most unimilortant mant
ters, feeling no interest whatever in
anything except food and smoking.
P}hysicians say that a n:oderate use of
this drug has no physical, mental orn
moral ill effect, but In excess it injures
e constitution, brings about difficul
: .s of the throat and intestines, weak
t :.- all of the mental, moral anti phys
I.1 forces. anld not infrequently causes I
in :mtity, as demonstrated by the fact
that out of 2531 adclissions to the luna
tic asyluml In Cairo, nearly a hundred of
the patients were smokers of hashish.
Plants Eat Insects.
Francis I)Darwin, a son of the great
I naturalist. has been investigating the
effec't on insectivorous plants of sup
plylng them with and withholding from
themru animal food. He grew ten of the
carnlivrout plants utinder similar con
ditiorns. One plant of the lot he fed
with roast meat (one-fiftieth of a grain
bheing placed on the secreting glands of
the plant each hour), while from the
Sothers all such food t-was carefully ex
cluded. The result of this experiment
was very marked in several partleu
Slair, the greatest being in the number,
weight and vltallty of its seeds. The
number of seeds produced by the plant
that was given its regular ration of
animal matter was 240 to each 100 pro
duced by plants which were unfed,
while the total weight of the seeds was
JS8O to 100. In other words, the plants
which were restricted to a diet wholly
vegetable were invalids compared with
the plants that were furnished with '
animal food. The Increased heaviness
of the seeds is another item to be noted,
as it certainly implies increased vital
ity. At lest, it is so with wheat, as
any farmet will tell you, it being the
nrule that the heavier the grain the
greater its fertility.
New ideas in ihoseshoes.
While all horsemen a-e interested in
everything that has to do with bertir
ing the condition of the feet of horses,.
there are many who are slow to believe
taht any marked improvement in shoes
apd their manufacture will be intro
duced in the near future. There is a
new horseshoe that takes in a certain
portion of the horse's hoot. This is
much commented on, and. to the ama,
teur. looks attractive. It will stay on
longer, and will, it Is claimed, keep the
horse's hoof in good shape. This is all
very we~'l for a little while. but as soon
as the hoof grows pas: a certain poInt
the feet are cr owded, Fldl tie horse
eithtr favors them or goes lamte alto
g'th,'r. While tlCtere' is room for Lm
proremeot In hortisheas, it Is safe to
say that the inventive geniu~ of the
human family has not, up to date, pro
vld. l ithlthing better thIn the old
fa:ionaed shoe that has been in nUe fot
pntratlouu,
OSE WOAMA'~S CASE.
A Common Malady and a Ramarkable
Cure.
Prom the Ileral 1, Boston, Mass.
When a great, popular remedy riscs to
such remarkable sux,.e as to be a worthy
theme of comment in a whle s uetion it may
fairly be treate I as a matter of news ralther
than mere businese, because it is in a senr, a
public benfaetor. In i, w o'this fat a lady
reporter was deputed to inve,t ^ate ierson
ally the remarkable tonic and 'urative effcts
which Dr. Williams' Pink Pillk had shown.
particularly n tases of nirvous weakns sannt
general debility, nunlerous insanoui of its
efl'acy in thiselaRs haviing been noted, espo
Cialhy in the vicinity of l. ston.
A typical case was readily found in the
experiten.e of Mrs. Mary A. Conway, living
on Erie street, I),orc',,tr. Ma.u9s.. who hadl
been, aceortingto her ion tes-tim:ny, Puffer
ing for a long time witih !-i;aland net rvus I
weakne-s. a c p)n ed by pal ptation of the
heart and irregull.irity oIf fIl.ctioný.
"It is trite, she saiil. "that I have mrret
witsh a remariable rcstoration through t his
use of Dr. WIliba s' Piik Pills. For oloe
timlI was coO p etely run down, and the
eare of a family vw,.a a great etrain upon me.
My lip- were white ant my heart palpitate1
so severely tihat I ceil] nut go lip and ldown
s!irs without great dstress. My ditig :i, n,
too. was walk, and I ran truly :av that I was
sulffeTriog from a general lahk of vitality.
"I too; l'.uk Pills withl mia.ivlings. but
after tiaking only a small qiuaitity I was
agreeably surpriso Ito ittid that th.ey were
all and more thitan they had been described
to he.
"From the very first ti cn' of tal:in i the
pill- I began to n dtie th ir he:e'lia  efft,
and I routnd liy,«, grtd'l:oll. andl rapiltiy
overcomirng the vaure I ihb -,':tl weaknesses
that seemedi ti have f ips.-tl i)0 on me, my
white I pa were reture.i to thi.r nmirn:a.
tin;e. I regainet- o or in ray f:t "e. and as for
ltt heart trou!la I may say that it bas ie'.
plactely vanisheid. and 1 iau Iinov W up atlli
down sta:iirs w.thoutit :ii:y palli:at:on wh'it
ever. ilreto'r,e I ha:t i L, n k -i ... let o
toy eyes and a tenrle:'tcy to li : ..:iOeSs. hit
now my head is clear an I my -c.in , is un
impaired.
"I shall continue to use the Pink P1,I."
saild Mrl. C,:i. ray. "e' n I to recommend them
to my friend-. I aa n foutndi th ,in to 1o
great ienel:t, an I I n.i th:at tIh,.r u.e not
only reliev'ed me of the ip rti"il:tr troll,;
which I had. lut ate I ar a gni'r.al tone for
my whole syIlt m. It +',"i:w to m,+ that the
more they are known thl' mare they w Ii
eomn into "7n,'r:0l us,,. for l,'e pie have been
so often de,'eiv-i a' to re';:r.lios that claim
to rure eve'rything that thiy are ::t to ind
one that dote. ,' titlv what is "lal. 'dt fr it."
Iq, rirlc, of physician'e ani a!iotheeari s
In th st 'lieon also In l:e.ite that Ca'eh CiLS's
as that of Mrs. t'oInwtay are proving to be
the protitvyp+c oef mIany others.
Dr. Will:amn l',nk Pls for Palo People
are now etl',:i 1 tIl e puli as an unfallingL
blood bii I, r :t lI nu rve restorer, etrina all
frmnt of wO ii n,'.. i inalng froini a watry
elliti, n of, t hi,,< , or sit tterel n rvesm.
Tliho pills are ' solt by all itesera, or will be
P'ut i' is: piiil n r"e'illt of tre , LO cents a
t*ex or six Ioxo,. for $2.tAi (they are nver
S,, I in bull: or ,y the 100) by addressiug Dr.
Williana' Med. CJo., &zhteaectady, N. Y.
Cotton.
With careful rotation of
crops and liberal fertilizations,
cotton lands will improve. The
application of a proper ferti
lizer containing sufficient Pot
ash often makes the difference
between a profitable crop and
failure. Use fertilizers contain
ing not less than 3 to 40,;
Actual Potash.
Kainit is a complete specific
against "Rust."
A", abon Portash-the reiruts ' its use by :ctual ex
pe-'tene t a the tc-t farms in the l t'r.ted tatei--t
told In ; altle bo1,k -r.,h we outbsh aid wcl gladly
maildfree t ay tarne.r I: Amenrca w tho .l wrt!eit e It.
GERMAN KAI.I WORKS,
93 Nassau ,t New York.
DEAFNESS
And tlena Nlites relieve.l
F hiee u-lnge %i -oie' am
DE AF New'-,cIen ie inveistilt.
itfernt: frc o .ell itt her di
rDEA e J hi safe. iln
cit. io tm f rts t an d Ic il
ItC har DrurIn i t the
worl1. IltIc "hercne, It.
cal rtl:l fai t No awire . r
rttrlng attachment. W ,t e
fo·)*" s p.nlh-t Frer.
WILSON EAR DRUM CO..
140 Trertllld.. .louisviltle, Ky.
a
ScUOOL BOOKS.
THE PEOPLE CAN Buy
From ut at WIOLESAt.3 PRI'e, and
second-h tnd book~ s will be cheaper still.
Write for our catalogue and price list,
free. $
e W. H. OWINGS, $
0(1 First Avenc.ue, Birminghanm, Ai2a.
Why LetYour Chickens.
Hogs Cattle and Horses Die? F
Dr. S motn 'n's tetl'ineq rc guti rati:ci'· i tco CIIre
Cd fantten them or nimcc. e rcflnled. If i,,uir ticaler
Secnflcit supply cacti sitli 2,r5 ielts for hl'cc aiiei~ec -
laclkaf ai:tit tar. e 'i haril Ioat if incfrcmcti, i.
VETERINARY MED.CINE CO ., Nashville, 'Jennn
NDY GATIIARTIC
CURL C0115IPATION
,toI*ALL
23s 5s * DRU GISt
ABSOLUTELY d1U GL t re~m my easeor oone . tiCsarete are the Ideal lass.
ABSOLUTELY SUARI¶HTEED K,"* "' " " .""""" .",.!""' "
ttlvrp. onve r t rirrpe. bet rlae easy natural results. to u
pie uad booklet fee. Ad. S.TRLEG RlEDT C.. Chiro. NMotrcal..Cam., or Nw Tork. 2
POOR MAN'S--,,-----'----',.-.. _-- oo
POOR MS ENCYCLOP,.DIA
PUBLISHINO HOUSE.
134 Leonard Street, N. Y. City, for It serves the purpas of the great s*r.lepwSMa
o lstIng a hlaAed times the s. saked. It is completely 1laesed. maski the lat e lmlSl
Instantly rilabla With ths va- .:l c able bark yos have a world t hkewl.
etge at yewr lars' emd, and, an easily supply a lack of erly e~lra.
tisal svaimtages. When readiog, dona't yeo ooastantly meo Asres et.
eass see efall to understand? Isn't ~e. a small ameunt to pay for havirn seek kaewlsge
at hand? D yLeu know who Casu win. and wher he lived? Who belit the Ptyremsaid t
wheL Tat 1s ena travels 112 ftst per semoond What is the longpt rivetr  the weald ThatO
Macs Pets Laested the tepsem to IN, sad wh* Mre Pole was What athe GeardIaB e
wart The boot Lestai theeanh a selanait jaw of Jet
50°0. -'-e wo-- 2-..D0"e l.. 50 u
• 4.."w"J"ZIia'. . . *,
~'
Gladness Comes
W ith a better understanding of the
transient nature of the many phys
ical ills which vani,h l, fore prroper ef
forts-genttc effort;-ph a'anti ,iorts
ri.ghtly dirctcd. There is: comfort in
the knowledge that so many forms of
sickness are not due to any actual dis
ease, but simply to a conrstipated condi
tin of the system, which the pleasant
family laxative. Syrup of Figs. prompt
ly removes. That is why it is the only
remedy with mill:-o of families. an- is
everywhere esteelmeri so highlyv by all
who value good health. Its beneficial
effects are dlue to the fact, that it is the
one remedy wlhi:h prom tes internal
cleanliness, without dclilitating the
organs on which it acts. It is therefo-e
all important, in order to get its bene
ficial effects, to note when you par
chase, that you have the genuine article,
which is manufa,'tured lv the California
Fig Syrup Co. only, and bold by all rep
utable druggists.
If in the en:oyment of good health,
and the system is regular, then laxa
tives or other remedies are not needed.
If aflicted with any actual disease, one
may be commendicl tothe most skillful
physicians, but if in need of a laxative,
then one -hould h: re the best, and with
the well-informed everywhere. Syrupot
Figs s;atalis highest anl is moFt largely
used and gives umst general satisfaction.
DR. O. T. DOZIER,
(1n Iernowno d Snoutherh pra,.llat.
Clrn'ml ig lulan , A lta.
Su!r.essfuly treats, at ttliee or ITY
MAIL. AT Y)I: I% \llN IlMlE. all
forlmsl of Chirolti.', Nr'ills. Blood.,
Sk' aad Pr.v.l: lIl-eases of Men and
( RES GUARANTEIED.
A'l (Z'hrimc i· seases of Lung-., Liver
llert, Krln-v-. 1i... !1,,:. an I ai -.a oA
t, (;euite I rinary olg:ti. aI l e iin iIy lute of
It hlll' o I,- .' pecul i:ir t,, wu' len. andi
S:r,.! by r.:, 1 .iil info i-ti.eiles. iapedi
Il nts tio ll hlrr:a,. :.i. Sticture. Varlco
rIcele. II panDc.I rv. -i mnil-i-,i: ::nd all evil re
suits of Felf aibu.e ou e\x, aiso inldulgence
qlcllSy alld pelraliently tiured. I guttaran*
tee satlsfac'tln il eviery cse I treat. lMy
i!u blae " to.,k fr tMeu Only.' ' and Synap
toni Ilainks fr in or womtnn l 'i, lbe .sent
free In plain, se-ald envi,,. r te all atie
iapply. I onulltartLn free. whither in per
,-,n or by ILtter.
A FEW EXTRACTS FROM PRESS ENDOgSEMENTS
ltiiundlcd. iei of hike ,brrecter. ".d
t:,l ur.ildt s of high tletiio a ll Il from ipa
:c.At s tan ie f:l:l i hil d if hvi'sary.
Dr 0 T Dzl,.r. le 1a ITl i1e 'u i-hrn *iedliey
Di p"."renery ,f IIl inul;h ,.P. Ala . 14 a s. , 1.11911
nearilt li.-,lit le Ir .. pr" '- i -e I. the tu *tu ,n1t (A
lchrl,. 1teri, , a si pl,,.ite dhi..'-i and b"I un
f , arn,ll.'e-l he * gl.U d !., . a , dit. I :ttll , to in th.
I i. 1 an. l. Guide.)
Dr Duier can be reli I upol t",) treat disase i I
thle lmot tueresid  iiu.l ll . an he l kl own a.l
o, r t.e south
"The olhth I. Oll F lc,-i.' I
WV. e:nnot add d yIiiiII g tl IIe ..,, put1in Dr
o r oal, ha- alr.sty .i t',~r l n thl li - 1h e ,of hle
prof.:mliot bat , know II hio i eablrother Odd
fell ,w tit I .3)i i, e r leh o'I "t carrsy out every
l-t ,..l; hi makes to t lo,euledtlu his .ervc.es.
Sge lHertral.l
" * * Dr tier ha.u rel hled for many vyears l.
Pirmllinl h.lini l.it in i" ,u.i u lrvle lear has aided to
hl reP lutalli. tll hIl u tfil.eI.i and tl ll lthe Iestee
inn whlch he ai held lyur i ,t v1 ltllzela. His I ng
relord and IapprovdI aliltle. en.ltit him to the
-rouid dliIltinion of ainl, d t the heail of his
l-relr,.slot.Au
A- Ia ,l. lalist Dr Ii lcr uiiez I.L bhy ay
Ilog rhysllan IfI lii ai-mirgiau by birth°
a high olined. inltlrel. ihi h hlal geiilelmian, afrltlI
, I I all hi a Ic il'i g it tr l acially respounlhle
(Pall' New,. Firrilnahani
Dr DodJr isa lihrtl'-i And slrg 5 if ilualtl on.
akid Ml. exe.rlene. s , itif i ultir nd high
llie:'ary altalfln e.tl a d genritl:. Il reppetl.ted by
alli whv kil(w ln 11 e ,ii b rilC . JCi IU all 1:.l
1eI p tl a<l niiih tu hlii ii'feunson
ll, (Dr ilhre-: prvf . $ iii at tl aii. 1i Uirni
puachable and hls cha&i.Z htier ii auim[lieijao and,
vllzenis ove i eu i is 1..
J)I1. O.T. DOZIER.
Leck B x l!.'. BsmlsGriAI, ALA.
oIse St Lr o,)r 34tPlo4ao
II. & 11. FOI.NO .411 hll aCO. 214 B'way, m.Y
o lUMl l -d W2 H I8K habitY c ur=d. BoYh s t
EL r. a, ia WOOL.as. ATnLau'. So