( u, In.wn In IItI Y. inh
It is a sad thought to people of
poetical temperaments that romance
is being crushed out of modern i;:r.
Take suicide, for instan e. That has
been the undisputed privikge of ati
unhappy lovers since Ituneov, % et
things have now come to such a pia
that about the only resource left tie
unfortunate swain is to take Ro::.h
on Rats. A case in ,doint is that of a
youth in Pennsa vania. lie loved.
but his mother dii.ap!ro:ed of t,.
choice and refused to s;:n an ao!,;ca
tion for his marriage licchse. T'he
unhappy lover attempted suicide
by banging. b:ut his mother cut
him down. lie tien ran out of
t he house ail to a store, irereJ
he purchased another rope. Tit
.eighbtors saw him, anJ,. as-i-ted bi
the police, gave chase doen the ti.
lage street. The race is said to lha
been a record-breacer. ninl tihe 3;uL.th
was finayi capt rced 'in te o hohou' ,,
his bweetuearrt. atneroe h,e had taken
refuge, and she guarautecei ta;t h.
n onid make no further attem-ut on 1.2
iife. Give a man that muc in lot,
rope enough and he is bot:nd to hac.
himself.
The under-water secton of thi
ltlackwall tutnei uriter tieo 'ham,es
has just been .ni-hied, tie occasion
belng celebrated !,v a lunci, in tioe .
tunne' teif, to n' lh' i ", > perVc.: ,
.at doern. T'ie tlunn,1i c.;ntit.t- (;it" itre -
wich (,n tic e.:th si:' of tme riter
t ith Poplar on the norti. at, is .;
over a mile in length. 'I .re t t ,
sand nino hundred and ;xtv -fo:r feet
had to be driven Iyv comt,re.-ed air.
Of this 1203 feet on tie north bankit
remains to be done. so that the tunnei
will not be open for tra,!' ti.1 the
spring of l18:. It was begmun in Mart Ih.
1892. Whiledriving the shiaeid underc
the river bed, at onie tithe only litt .
feet two inches of gra've intcrventtI
between the ton of the turnnel and ti:'
water, and loads of clay vwert dumped
into the river to lprevent the water
from bursting thro:;gh. The;iamtte r
of the tunnel is "; 1f et, ; feect more
than that of the 't. Cl.a:' tunnel,
httherto the largest ev\'.r biit.
The University of Virginia e:xpect
to get $200,400i ) from the state to hel',
replace the burnt buildings, and is
appealing to her alumni and friend,
to make up a big purse besides. Sho
should get on the right side of Roclke
feller.
I, Hung Chang is cot a:raid of as
easseination, as a fortune teller told
him many years ago that he would
have one narrow escape from violent
death, and live to be over 9 yveasr
old. IHe thinks the prediction was
fulfilled by the assault made on him
In Japan.
Take Care
Of your physical health. Build up
your system tone your stomach, inereass
your appt , enrih your blood, and
p at siockness by taking
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
The Ore True Blood Palriler. p; 6 for I.
o0od's PINs are mid sad elsetlve. 2O.
Pains
is your Back, your 31..
des, your Jolnts, your
acad, ad tat dIseses of
ltallaet dby
reys the egau AtaU
fS . oc. p.' box,
*o* o SAN 1
Trd-S.Mmrks.
m m": cirur~rk
setwbmw
The Ilrh.st S*a.
of The richest man in the world to
*e day is said to be Barney Barnato, the
r. atfl( r king. Sevral years ago Bar.
"s ,Ito. who is a circus performer, went
l. to South Africa with a trick donkey.
eLt 11i ic there he got a Chance to mao
S , s5tai speculation in the then roceqt
,e v disco-.cred Katfir mines. It was
Stsic(s'essful, and he --pushed his luck,'
at Jay!ng and sciling Kafrir stock, until
i. he had amassed a considerable for
tune. 11\\ ith this he went to London
u- and engineerecd one of the greatest
ic boomu of the century. Kaffir stocks
le have gone up to unneard-of values.
t men and women figbt on the stock
if exchanges for them. and Barnato has
e amasised a fortune of 'lu.OU000,000.
I t he "Katlir king' is said to be so i_
coiuant l.u cart searccly write his
,.ame. but e ~:es like a prince and
is tlhe mIot-taiped-of and sought
t, after man in London society.
'1 -l,-0w1 k Spitters.
' \\t:a: is tihe ofTc .': *' Spitting
in thu . dewak, yvour honor."' '".>
and cot:. Nxt. ' That's the wa
tihe po:i,', cou.rL recorids of ':ucinnati
are, going to read when Mrs. Gleamon
and theu vomn (-f t:to \Vomen's Civic
. 'ag ic got iiatters in their hands.
Th., i.ague p:o'pOCs to take an ac
tioe part in reforming the wicked
Spork .:ty, andi b; way of inaugurat
ini gooJ geverutncut the president
,a,ed upon the mayor recently and
- ro :c-ted uaain"t the way men were
a. owed to spit on tito streut. She
,-aid if ti;he horrid creatures couldn't
be stopped from chewing tobacco they
might at least he made to use cuspi
dors, whiich should be placed along
I the sidewalk. The mayor meekly
aslked how inany to the block, and
Sishe said the ladies thought five would
be enougil.
I o:rt gr,.s in forts styles of cycling
cosutmes were ont exhihition to wo
e niin on;ly. in l'hiladelphia, the other
day. at a session of the women's con
grecs. Ever. sort of costume was
'iepresnteei - bloomers of all lengths
and size,. ample and scant; divided
skirts, bifurcated in various styles,
and atn abundance of different sorts
of plain skirt costumes. The dresses
were the work of big firms in the city,
and a committee of the songrees in
te vestigated the merits of the various
styles, with a view to a report of
some kind. A bicycle was fastened
firmly on the stage, and on this many
of the girls illustrated the appearance
ant;i advantages of ti.eir particular
Id costume in actual wheeling practice.
I No decision was made.
Prop r Klt L
m (,ne of the most interesting *"new
women" of the hour is the Armenian
- Princess Beglarion. who. with wealth
and social position to tempt her into
idleness, has begun to achieve fame
in the east as a doctor. She studied'
medicine in l erno, went into thechol
'P era hospitals of Kussia and did such
id excellent work that the government
praised her, and when she carried
her doctor's diploma home the sick
came from far and near to her father's
house to consult her. On Sundays
she has as many as sevenouty patients.
Shoe is now in Vienna buying the furo
ishings for a hospital she intends to
erect on her father's estate. Tihe
L princess is only 26 years old, pretty,
black-eyed and graceful.
L -
- i* HWas A.5g..
A Kansas man was sent to jail
for contempt of court for refusing
to take a drink of beer in
court. He was an expert and
his opinion was wanted to
decide whether the liquid in a given
bottle was beer or not. He had no
conscientious scruples in the matter,
but he was agent for the brewery.
Undorstajs the Oamal.
A Jacksonville. Fla.. preacher, Rev.
R. Toombs Dubose, amazed his con
gregatlon the other Sunday by fishing
a keno outfit from under his pulpit
and showing them how the game was
played. He declared that a promi
nent city official was interested la a
keno game.
KNOWLEDGE
( Mrap omfdort sad iuproveamt sad a
Sbteab eona enjoyment whbm
rightly se.the many who live bet.
Sber snothersaldemjoylmorewith
-11
b the of bawili attest
a th valueto tu the prn liqsh
bsmees utess a onwet ha.
I-dea l tow1ithessekm,
Ca rlo man ispewtal igs
- Y )
i(I~aeI
I'ersonages t the Hive.
There are three personages in the
bee hive proper, the queen, the worker
bee and the drone. The queen is of rst !
t and greatest importance. The queen is
a fully-developed female, and is the
mother of all the bees in her hive, of
whatsoever kind they may be. The
queen is produced in 16 or 16', days
from the time the egg is laid. The pc
culiar food fed to her and the cell she
i.; reared in account for her complete de
velopment. If this egg and larva had
not been treated for a queen it would
have made a worker bee. The queen
will leave the hive when she is from
five to ten da's old. fly away and will
meet and mate with the drone or male
bee while on the wing, which act is
fatal to the drone. The queen returns
to the hive, and in two or three days
commences to lay, and becomes the
mother of the colony. A colony left 1
quecnless will soon die out.
The worktr-bee is of next import- a
an c. She performs all tihe work of the
hive, gathers in honey and pollen and
water, secretes the wax, builds the
combs, ripens and caps the honey.
nurses the brood, queen and drones,
and defends the colony against inva
sions, and lives during the working
season about forty-five days on an aver
age. A good strong colony should con- I
tain about 40,000 to 60,000 bees. So it i'
apparent at once, that to be prosperous.
every colony of bees must have a vigor- 1
ous and prolific queen, a queen that is
able to lay from ::,'!l, to 4,0(K eggs per
day.
The worker-les are all undeveloped
females, but under certain circum
stances they are capable of producing
eggs, and when a colony is hopelessly
queenless, a worker-bee will often lay
eggs in the hive. These eggs wi!l al
ways produce drones, and a colony thus
affcted will soon die out.
The drone-bee is the male bee, and
his only office work is to fertilize the
queens. One time mating with a drone
r lasts as long as the queen is able to do
good service in the hive. When the o!1
queen becomes exhausted, th" het
supersede her with a young queen.
Bee keeping is a poor man's business,
and the poorer he is, the less excuse he
can find for not having plenty of horay
for himself and family to eat. Bees
are no respecter of persons; they will
work as well for a peasant as for a
prince. He does not have to own the
broad acres they glean, nor build costly
houses and barns for them; they work
without clothes or harness or ma
e chinery, and the poor man with his lit
r tie home and small business has the
more time to donate to his beep and pIr'
vide an article of food that will miak.
his children prettier, his \ife svweeter
and his home happier.
Don't talk about luck in bee keeping;
it will expose you. Quit killing your
bees, quit robbing them, only take from
them what they can spare and leave
B them enough to live on. Learn to
breed your hives full of bees the last
thing you do before going int? winter,
and then breed them brim full of bees
t again the first thing you do in the
spring. Have your new hives ready
and your colonies running over full of
bees when the honey flow comes; there
e is where luck comes in, and it is al
ways good luck.--G. P. Morton.
Thayer's Berry Balletino.
For November, 1895.
Berry plants in the north have cast
off their summer drapery and are pre
pared for their long winter sleep.
Let them be carefully laid down, cu v
ered with earth and nicely tucked up
f lor this needed rest.
Delay this necessary work no longer.
If you have doubts as to the benefits
nof winter protection, even in mild cli
p mates, protect a part, leave a part with
out protection, and mark the results.
After ground is well frozen, straw
berries should be covered lightly with
clean straw or marsh hay.
In spring this covering to be placed
-between the rows for summer mulch.
Various systems of pruning grapes
are now in use. All are good in their
Sspecial way, but coanfusing to begin
ners.
A good farmer bearing in mind the
following facts can easily care for his
own vines:
The object in pruning is to get a well
formed vine and a large yield of best
truit.
At least two-thirds of the new growth
should bp cat away for this purpose.
Unless severely praned more fruit
will form than can be well matured.
Remember, the vine bears its truit
on new wood only.
Canes grown this year are the ones
to preserve for fruilt next season.
Cat bank the vigorous canes to three
or four bads each.
Canses that have borne one season
never bear again, hencoe the necessity
for keeplng a supply of new wood every
year.
Train the vine so it may be laid
down and covered with dirt In wlinter
and raisd and tied to stake or trellis
in the spring
One and two-year-old vines are not
expeted to bear uait and are cut back
to two or three buds.
Trim your grape vines in the falL
Removo all weeds, trimmings and
surplus rabbish from the garden. See
that every plant and bush is properly
rotected for winter. Cover the ground
with finely composted manure and yoea
lmay then look forward to a fruitul
reurreetin in the spring.
.M. AL Thaye.
Sparta, Wis.
A Rouand 8ilo.-A silo should be
built near to, but not in connection
with, the cow barn. The penetrating
11 of the easilage may be dangerous
to the milk or cream. A round silo.,
Steset deep and t4 feet in diameter,
sgde of lamber, can be built afor P,
If judiciously placed, it can be fed
troam with srdcient eonvemlenee
saIety. It this sitlo is illed with
grown and well matured corn, but 1lt
tfe other coarse food will be requt'ed
std the teedlag et the Cows r mad crsy
-us Ustple-3L-.
The Apple of Lovwe
There il as o~ ,to:. that has a
iaugl atnd a tear .u it Oi t\ti iltt.e
street gamius, one of whom had an
apple, and his companion asked:
,'Say. Bill, won't you give mo a bite
of the core?" To which the other re
plied: ".lhey ain't geoin' to be no
core:' Somebody has been telling
that story down in the Pecos valley,
in New Mlexico. where apples grow
as big and tender as the hearts of the
p'eople, and a carload of red beauties
have becn shipped to Chicago for free
Ilistriuation among t:e litt!o waifs, La
who know oniy about the cores of story
I ther people's good thingi. T'he tfirt strat
lot were given out recently and it, -rt
other lot will be sent for Cnristmas.. on in
That is the kind of tracts that go to tain
the right place. ilungry children are stou,
nmore interested iu their stomacho i 'oin
Sthan they are iu thecr souis, and esen brigi
a very distinguished person in the I re
-scriptures, u hl had got enoughi of soint
emi.ty protestations, said: "Stay me L, ee
I i, ith apples, for I am sick of love." of 11
---- swer
1 Dii o ineni
.\ dog that chiows tobacco, and liics men
it, is owned by a 'lhiiadelphia butcher. crer
It has been chewing for about three -,Ibi
- years, sine it was a puppy, and is pre
now so addicted to the habit that it the I
can't et a.lo,; without a da,;y dose "
of the we.d. Its owner started it in Whi
St:oo habit by giving it cLhunts of to- he ii
bacco when it was a pulpy, and tinO best.
r aninal at once took to it. It will the
chew only plug tobacco, and will not opin
touch line cut. It holds tho tobacco opic
)etween its forepaws and sucks all
.he juice out of it. T'Jhe animal is a
'cally more of a good example than a
.amentabie instance of depravity, for Me
it does not spit on the floor or any- way
,where else. The dog cannot be An
b:amed for having the chewing habit;
the bad example was set by men, and e
i the puplpy wanted to be s mart and do
'hings that men do.
S(tnltinement and Hard Wurk
i.id,',r-. J.art:ctalsrly in the sitting po::ntu.
ire far more irejjultal to hea to than b ee
SIv l i;tr ex rdon In the (pen asir. liar
,eldet~ary v.,-rk'rs ar ::tr too weary :t,,
ic, lholr- to tt, ie mucrh needitull exerl"
;, , a* ,h :r. '1 hey often n"el a tolnir. %i her
a+, tnevy k ietvigration mlore tertalnly an
hvrouuay than frm Hostetter S tohat.,
li ors. a renvant ipartie'ulari\ adapted to. r,
:il the ehbal-tetd torc e of nature. I'se al
Ior uyspltsta. kidney, hver and rLeumuatic at.
aU :nts.
There is nothing more serious than v. ha
,one I eople consider a joke.
A Famous Iaper.
'I it. I 'Tlt's COMPANION has becolle fam+.u
tbe'Caue tere I. hairdly a farmos mun or i.,
man ilt irest I. 'alt or the U'nit d -t'.te . ,;
rI  r t contutll'lt'e t h'" pap r ect. ' "a
i ,_ ttrit. ,- r ut;l-,+'¢L "t r 11' S pr|,rt:i.is, t, n..... I
S*pa't r ; '', .nttr ct:ve thau c 'r t> 't',.e.
th ." v.:.1-u -o' rite at roc. send..
i- . 'u th P l mi-h- rake an extroordi,l: +
. to ,ril.i free a handtmrne four-pEge i ,
-",'n*. - 10 in :thb,graphed. in fn.e bri, '
:, r I. tail.r'lco t wtrlc Is is ) cents. 'TH
''irI'.'.SoN free every week to Jan. 1, ilf(k tt:
tlank-lgivlng. Christman and New Year's 1'.',I
1 e NUilbors free. an i Tle C(OMPAhNION a fitl
tear. .! weeks. 1. Jan 1. '17,. Address ToH
i ' It'S UtowMI'A(.N, 19) ('olumnbus Ave , Itu I
on.
After all, money is not everything, unr
'lory the whole of life.
"rantsod'o arlo Cos salve."
War~rantel to le or money refunded. Ask y'u
lrug0sI for tL j'rk 1i0tsas.
Itonmance has been e egantly defined .
the off-pring of fiction and love.
If Troubled With Sore Eyes
Jacks.u's Indian Eye Salve will posltively
cure themo. o at all drug stores.
The mTan who keeps his heart to him.eli
Si a selfish creature.
IPITS -t 1!Fit a stor~ ifreeby Dr. Ell ae's reas
erve Hestorer. io Yttafter tIe l 'r...yyl us.
iarvetloaeures Trratt.e anll1 rll al tltli, ta
cases.nd tod 1tor. Klinr,9t Arca bL,I . i,&'-Ua
i'eauty, devoid of grace, is a mere book
without the tilt.
SI the Baby is Cattblg Teeth.
ie stre and use that old and well-tried resmedy, sa
W Lstorr s So lAs, Sta te for Chnldrea Teething.
The legal expenses of a bankr opt ar
sometimes far greater than the amount of
Shis debts.
Deafmeas Can Not Be Cared
By local applications, as they cannot
reach the diseased portion of the ear.
SThere is only one way to cure deafness.,
ahd that is by constitutional remedies.
lDafness is caused by an inflamed con
dition of the mucous lining of the Eus
tachian Tube. When the tube is in
flamed you have a rumbling sound or
Imperfect hearing, and when it is en
tlrely closed Deafness is the result, and
unless the inflammation can be taken
out and this tube restored to its normal
condition, hearing will be destroyed for
ever; nine cases out of ten are caused
by Catarrh. which is nothing but an in
flamed condition of the mucous sur
faces.
We will give One Hund. d Dollars for
any case of Dearness (caused by Ca
tarrh) that cannrt b- cured by Hall's
Catarrh Cure. Send for circulars, free.
F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.
Sold by druggists: 75e.
Hall's Family Pills, 25c.
Cood intentions never die-which may
Le one reason why they are so seldom
earriend mnnt
carriedi out. I
Bubbles or Medals.
" Best sarsaparillas." When you think of it how contradictory
that term is. For there can be only one best in anything-one best
sarsaparilla, as there is one highest mountain, one longest river, one
deepest ocean. And that best sarsaparilla is---? .... There's
the rub I You can measure mountain height and ocean depth, but
how test sarsaparilla? You could, if you were chemists. But then,
do you need to test it? The World's Fair Committee tested it,-and
thoroughly. They went behind the label on the bottle. What did
this sarsaparilla test result in? Every make of sarsaparilla shut out
of the Fair, except Ayer's. So it was that Ayer's was the only
sarsaparilla admitted to the World's Fair. The committee found it
the best. They had no room for anything that was not the best.
And as the best, Ayer's Sarsaparilla received the medal and awards
due its merits. . Remember the word " best " is a bubble any breath
cas blow; but there are pins to prick such bubbles. Those others
are blowing more "best sarsaparilla" bubbles since the World's Fair
pric!-'d the old ones. True, but Ayer's Sarsaparilla has the medal.
The pin that scratches the medal proves it gold. The pin that
pricks the bubble proves it wind. We point to medals, not bub
bles, when v.we say : The best sarsaparilla io3 Aycr's.
Highest of all In Leavenng Power.--Ltest U. S. Oow't Report
Baking
Y Powder
ABSOLUTELY PURE
~~_ _ __ _ _ - .. . . .. . . . . . . . ... . .... . . . . . . ..
it e- .tnsqr-r .rf :, (r*lt M%,1l
ILari in the twar, says an army «
I story telier, before Lee had demon
Sstrateu hiis pro-orninene'o as the aouth*
I :;:I cr. ho wa severely criticised bf
on mor,' tnan one occasion by a cer- rt
Stain c;, neral \\hiting. Whiting bad if
stoud at t-., head of his cuass at Weet ca
i·oint, a,,.i was considered a very rc
tbrigut and capaueI man. Ono day "
l rIc, cCnt liavi,, wtshin~ an o,"icer for l3
f some iumportant command, caliet upon
i Lee for advice. W\\'hat do you think
of VlWhiting~" imked Davis. Leo an
swered without hesitation, recom
mending Whiting as one of the ablest i:
s men in the army. w.i qualified in I
vcery way for even the most respon
S-lbo ipu pition. On,- of the otlicere th
precerit was greativ s'u :rised, and at
the first optorlunity drew Lee aside.
..l)on't vo m kno.v what un :ind trings:'l
1 Whiting has been saying about you?"
- I inquired. Ieo s an-wer was of the
be-t. **I unt''r-tood." raid he. **that di
I the president ie'irud to know my
t opinion of \Whiting. not Whiting's
opinion of me."'
A stag t arty w ouhui l.e twice as enjoyable
i: a fea dears were invited.
r en and women never agree on the best B
- way to "raie"' chi.dren. iU
An umbreolla, like time, when once lost
WORK ON PAIN AND DRIVES IT OUT AND "SHiUTS
IT OFF" FROM RETURNING. THAT'S BUSINESS_ -_-
Don't Tobacco
Spit and Smoke
Your Life
makes
the nerves
strong, and
brings ba k
the feelings of
youth to the pre
maturely old man.
It restores lost vigor.
You may gain ten
pounds in ten days.
CUARANTEED
TOBACCO HABIT CURE.
Go buy and try a box to-day. It
coste only $1. Your own druggist
will guarantee a cure or money re
funded. Booklet, writteguarantee of cure
and sample free. Address nearest office.
THE STERLING REMEDY CO.,
COmICAO. MONTREAL, CAN. NEW YORK.
CasciR ndyatart ecrs cemsatlpatlos. Purely vegetable. snlooth and
E eas,. mold by drUggsts eveywere. g 'iarnnte to 'euro. Onl l30.
Rua A BaU asa
THUNi MAISATTIMhrTO,
ALL UStNe CLAIRETTE SOAA
MILLIONS D TNHESAMN,
Sold everywhere. Made only by
THE N. K. FAIRBANK COMPANY,
Ir. 1oaO.
When ants are tanu iat.2v t.i. v. foa!
Srea'h r insi o e:^e h.!
INCREASE: YOUR INCOMIC
by careful lnvestmnents it, ir:Lan tlbro::gh a
responsible firmi of Taeguexi crnc a
grcat success. Will ',.. ti+ i
free showinc h:,w a srn.oi .:1t ur.t ofre r'"
can be easily mult'pii d 1by -iic.c . uI r
vestments. Hr'hctst 131r::: r" r,"reacec s (+,r·
pSor~tunities c eli't att To ";Co
ankers and Broritri, Room W. U)!: I
Building, Chicato.
No wotucu carb, to know %-bh sbs !uiO. a
mnu.
o thin'c 1'i.o's Core for ('.mnunipt ':
i the only wne~lt inme (r Co elrnti -lj ,E,
Every man hates h:, rival, b'ut Lunloof
threau bueeessfuly tluu cal I:.
-browni' Itroncebsi i'r' r i ri'ttcve
'Lrjrn t Irritation= 'a I- 1 t. : Io e1 c·: r,-o of
the vIoiO. lio en::it i (O ',.
A~lew it 1s saidL ne. c: 0,01.1 'inl e 1
dres ua.ers' I i:1
Esperlenee 0tht bitS, n+ ,tIL,, to r,
ý s1 wJ tJC :I,.I ., (".e: i)...." , ...A I .' Je Lt. A.
Putting ntlkcee n tie" a t: its ii. a Iurrrr. ,
water into a rat ht, o
Tniose d stre.4,nr ('Sb g:
Dadasthew are. tiln.trc.,ra r .,i'i3i ri4
i isea y LouW can in r..i iLl n..."t AS you Tits
Poople are not abockse" as ottci_ u_ a tbur
pretend to Ibe.
-Ta AURMOTOR CO. does halt the world's
WsnluM busings, because It has reduced the cost of
tMolgimto 1.5. wrhatt wst Iit has msan branch
housea. and suplies Its goods and repairs
,doU r docr. It can and does furnish a
better art iri ftr le-s moonel than
others. It maies Pumping and
(eared. Steel, Galvanted aftar.
CompletJio ,itndmlllt|, 'ilting
and Flied .teel Tower, Steel Buzz Saw
irames, Steel eed Cutters and Feed
Grliders. On application It will name on0
of these artteles that It will furnish iutll
amuaryt ia 1/3 the usual price. It l~s makes
TaIs and Pumpeof all knds. send for catalog.e.
grif a 21. bawell am d Pmllaore Streets. ChkI
PA
HAIR BALSAMb
ini--ts tnd leat: a ethesl
SPANISH DIP N .DLs! For.ioatloa
gold or sliver ore. lost or hidden
treasures. Clrclsrs and testlmo
lalsfree. GEM NOVIiELTY CO.. Palmyra. Pa.
A O nRDRSlnt thplee Wtr" " t oro rstla
U ev,-y 1l &a l~s"; o to l l e ory day of the
W N U DALLAS. 49-98
Whel pAnswering Advertisements Kindlj
Moetion taeis Pape