LOUISIANA POPULIST.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $1.00 A YEAR. There is No Free Country, Unless the People Rule. PRICE, 5 CENTS
VOL. II. NATCHITOCHES, LOUISIANA, FRIDAY, JANUARY 3, 1896. NO. 20.
_1 . . . | . . . .
ABOUT CONTRACTION.
CONTROL THE PEOPLE BY CON
TROLLING THE CIRCULATION.
The Moat Important Lessons in Finanee
Simplified In a Most Timely Way on the
Contraction of the Money Volume-And
Money Sperculators Know It.
I,-t ev\'eryltwly know. that a oodl
deal of mn,ney will huyi more, that is
meas-urre more prop rty. then a little
money. The pe'ople, also know that
when thin;. arn worth more than a
dollar,. the, value, is measured by the
numohlr of dollar- which will buy them.
The! al , know that e've'rything they
have to buy is measured by the
incnlalmi, r of dollar, it costs, and
',er.lthin*r they have' to sell is
Ineasured by the n:lznt'r of dollars it
v-ill fateh. -verr ial-t knows that
money lesllrals I, U numnl'rs and not
by weight or by size. The value of all
IroleMy for -ale is measured by the.
number of dollar- it will fetch, just
the same ;,. the, valve of a horse or a
tew is measured by thet nulmlaer of dol
lar' thly} will sell for. All th'
tlhin.- for Pal,, are measured hi
all the. nen,'; in circulation and
all the, money, in circulation
is m^a..ur-eid by all the thlings for sale.
If there i.s Cery little money the things
for male will Is very cheap, and if
there is a great deal of money they
will le dearer. All depends ulpon the
amllount of money in circulation as
compared with the property for eale,
and inasmuch as money measures pro
perty by the number of dollars, the
amount of property that can be
measured without changing the price
depends upon the number of
dollars. and when more property is
created by the growth of the popula
tion and business, it takes more dollars
to measure it. The dealers in money
and owners of dollars want their dol
lare. to measure as much property as
psslble. In other words, they want
to get all they can for their mone-y,
and the less money there is in circula
tion the more they can get for a dollar.
For this reason they destroyed
half the dollars in the world by the
demonetization of silver. This added
enormously to their wealth, because
their property consisted in dollars and
bonds which are agreements to deliver
dollars. After they had destroyed half
the dollars it made it much more diffi
cul t for the debtor to deliverdollars, and
took t wice as much property to buy dol
lars to pay debts. The bonded in
debtedness of the world is probably a
hundred thousand millions. These I
bonds are not property, but they are
agreements to de,iver money, and the 1
people are compelled to sell their
property to buy money to pay Interest
on this enormous amount of bonds.
The people of the civilizeod world are
now taxed abcut as much as they can
pay, but they are not able to pay the
interest on what they owe. The
bonded debts by borrowing money to
pay interest on borrowed money
are increasing about a thousand
millions a year. If the gold men who I
own bonds are allowed by legislation
to continue to make money scarcer,
bow long will it he before the bond
hoilders own the prolperty, together with
the men and women to work for them
a slaves? .'he approach to the condi- I
Siln of slavery has been very rapid in
the last twenty years, and if the gold 3
men can remain in power a few
yetra longer there will be nobody
to resist them but slaves, collies, '
peons, or serfs, who work for their t
masters who have the money. This I
condition of serfs or coolie slaves exis- c
ted in Europe from the time a few rich a
men. by contracting the currency, got
all the property, until the people got
money from the gold and silver mines
of Mexteo and South America. and es
taMished the elvillzation which we now
enjoy, and which the goldites propose
to destroy. In Asiatie countries
slavery has anerer been disturbed.
A few mbobs~ or mandarins have~
all the masyl, aud the peopleo are coolle
avesa. The only country La Asia'
- whiok Is aivacing toward.lreesdom is
Japes, ad tho advancement of Japan
is owing to the abundce of good
moeay is crehuasn, which she has by
reaso of ee olnge olf silver. If C
Asia eoatinues to use silver as money,
the time no t fardistant when Asiatic I
eelitksss will he establilsheld in this '
c ry sald a greater degree of few t
dem oblaid Ia the orent. It may be I
aiM dews as m unqauestioned proposa- b
tles thet in the abseese iof famine,
plagu, r m great rsad wel-known I
calamty, that ther is mothing which a
- dlry ilvfllatio sat aemsteetis '
e the eeyr vresd p-uding taaltn g
piues~,ilqs md aultimate barIs *
* ,1 Yheebartsof m to advance
to Wesiohs hare bees thwarted
-.e hb the euml-agr c the pers
ts., S as laspied by avartie
ad Iwem may, thanu anl tbe alami
ts e war, pedlims, earthquakes,
- he W oci, ethe h-,,
aes U she ek the II-e-lo od.
p  ,,d ea tast~ ed"n the
?,,/.a
-L .
and intelligence. party as a means to
formulate an opinion, is incidental, and
employed legitlmately. is useful: but of
all the foes to liberty, partyism is the
most dangerous because the appeal by
the demagogue to prejudice and pride
of antecedent is the most effective
a means of perverting the opinion of the
I voter. And the patriot trembles when
he hears the voter say. ..I am a D)emo
c1rat, and always vote for the nominee,"
for the plain reason, in blind zeal, he
detects the tool of the enemy. To such
mad men are attributable all the woes
s'cial. political and religous that afflict
mankind, and the only way to deal
with such creatures is to treat tnem as
lepers. They are too selfish for friend
,hip or philanthropy, and too narrow
for reason. Party is an ides-a princi
pl-a-nd las no personnelle-is inea
Imhle of personal succession. The
fact that my father, or Jackson, Jeffer
son or Washington. was a Democrat is
no merit of mine, but if I claim it.
that fact is conclusive evidence that I
have none of my own. None but fools
will fail to see or shun.-(;. W. Jones,
in Bastrop People's Paper.
To the Memory of Honorable T. L. N4agent.
Hark' what low, pathetic anthems fill the air,
And mingle holy reverence with the breeze,
And touch the heart with sacred. gentle care
That gives a moment earthly sorrows ease!
'Tis the chanting of an angel-spirlt throng.
Which froI the pearly gate of heaven de
acended
To resue hfro the shades of worldly wrong
A chosen ehLd. sod's altar to attend.
And as they come within the death chilled
room.
Hovring o'er the silent form upon the bed.
They pause and note the shade of sorrow's
gloom
Which grieves the heart and bows the wid
owed head.
They faulter. ere they check the ebblng tide,
And pity her with smiles of angel beauty.
And sothe her with his last words e he died.
Faintly spoken. 'I have tried to do my duty."
Yes, forever will that noble utterance be
A comfort and a balm Unto be heart:
And his fearless faith and deep sincerity
Showed his life had always been a soldier's
part.
He leaves bethnd a host of weeplng friends
And followers who greatly feel his loss.
The eighu of many a lonely heart attends.
I he leeing of his spirit to the cross.
--Ma. F. C. Tanxreox.
McKlnney. Tex.
Allen After Them.
Senator Allen, Nebraska's Populist
senator, got right after the eastern
Shylocks and the British bondholders
the other day, He was referring to a
sp.ech made in support of the Monroe
doctrine by Mr. Collum of Illinois.
Senator Allen said:
*"It has been said in this chamber
and out of it that the Populist party
was a local organization: that it dealt
simply with certain international griev
ances: that it was composed of a class
of people who had no conception of
government beyond their own imme
diate and pressing demands. I desire
to correct that opinion if I can do so
by saying that in my judgment the
Populist party is as thoroughly com
mitted to the Monroe doctrine as either
the Democratic or Republican party.
I was delighted to listen to the eloquent
speech of my friend from Illinois. Mr.
('ollum, in which he said America
should be for Americans: but I did not
hear the senator say anything about the
millions and billions of English capital
that hare been brought intothis coun
try.
'I did not hear him refer to the fact
that English money had purchased our
great flouring mills, our great railway
systems, our breweries, our stock
yards and the great majority of the
important industries of this country?
"I did not hear the distinguished
and brilliant senator from Illinois yes
terday discuss the question of seeming
partnership existing between the Dem
ocratic and Republican parties in this
country and the money lords of Lom
bard street and of the east.
"If it's Important for us to watch
the British flag when it is plaeod indis
criminately upon the islands of the sea,
does it not occur to my distinguished
friend that it would be important for us
to watch the flnSancial partnership ex
1tng between certain fnaneiers anad
statesmen of England and other for
esgn countries, and certain hnanciers
and polteal parties in this country.
"We realie that Great Britain l in
bar midklst, not with her armies and her
nasris; not perhaps with her fag,
but she is here for the purpose
of dethroning Amerian institution.
gl tis here for the purpose of An
these stantes and this country
and controling the policy of our nr
t0on and the poUley of our government
in every branch sad department. It
has become a popoular thing now for
a Amereuan citia to beeome an En
gish lord, or the lord of some other
conPtry, and I do not know that it
wod be improper for meto refer to
the prirt'of madnes which seems to
exist in this counmtry, by which even
Amerctan women nar peestly wiiang,
to wasta thumesres upon lrogn mm
diseate. I sems to me thusm bJeets
shoted have attrated the attentien
the mar bfrom Illinois."
* Otho~ ht Uws.
Thoase hitltl watchers who are
samlatig these alarms ma ridiecled as I
*'*esIlty howlera" ~Wha strong,
she-, g-ras, c-. m devote i
emaselves to testing calamities, i
_--t amre the -oe who ma -awae- I
wn easlsIt howier. and hie homes 1
t the (b nwho lmaghed at him hve
4 whlet iugrka s aem mw r lor
e~ a fksp4 )I
-e'
THE WAY ROME WENT.
PARALLEL OF AN ANCIENT AND
MODERN CIVILIZATIQN.
Among the Wrongs the People IIad to
Then and Do Now Complain of. In a .Judi
clary Interpreting Laws In the Interest of
Legalized Robbers.
(Gibxm. the great historian. dec.lareý
that Rome was 30ll years in dying. and
the future historian. writing of thik
government. may rercordl the melan
choly fact that it took this republic
one-tenth as long to die. As iomen
was unconscious of her approaching
dissolution. of her gradual weakening
of all energies. and of h-r discontentedi
paupers that were spread like a death
damp all over the Iody politic. just -o
it is in this government to-day.
No parallel has ever Iben more com
plete. Rome boast,,d of her great
strides in literature and in the arts
and sciences, and of oratory and reli
gion, and of her vast amphitheaters
and gladiatorial comlbats. and of the
costly feasts and rich apuarel enjoyed
by her wealthy.
The same boasting is indulged in to
day in this government. The condi
tions of that dying nation in the da s
of Cicero were fearfully similar to the
condition, that now exist in the UInited
States. Corruption existed on every
hand, and if friends stood in the way
of the advancement of friends he was
either ruined or cut down. Vastly
rich offices were farmed out to political
favorites regardless of qualification or
honesty.
A cringing judiciary interpreted law
to please the wealthy, and the Debses
all over Rome were sent to prison
without justice. sense or decency.
A few had obtained the bulk of the
wealth and cornered the money and re
duced the masses to poverty, in the
same manner as ha, been done with
uis. A wealthy patrician. whose work
men were starving. invited Cicero to a
supper that cost about the same that
Wannamaker recently gave his daugh
ter, while the women in his sweatshops
were starving.
The wealthy of Rome built sacred
temples, costing hundreds of thousands
of dollars, in which was heard the gab
bling of "sacred geese," and these tem
ples cost no more than those in Brook
lyn and New York, in which is heard
just as senseless gabbling as was given
by the --sacred geese" that were
often encircled with a gold neck
lace, studdied with diamonds that
cost as much as the collar of
Mrs. Vanderbilt's bench legged pup.
Rome built vast theaters in which
the actors posed in a state of nudity,
the same as ,,living pictures" posing
to please the wealthy sensualist to-day.
A wealthy noble would build a temple
costing $1,000,000 and donate it to an
art society and then double the rack
rent of his poor tenants, on the same
plan that Rockefeller gave $6,000,000
to build a theological college in Chicago
and then put the price up on coal oil
and get wrongfully out of the poor
forty times more than he gave the
college.
Rome built amphitheaters, in which
men were set to fighting for their lives,
and when one was prostrate and lifted
his hand in token for a vote for his life
it was too often the ease that the
thumbs went down and the victor sent
the dagger down through his heart.
Between two ranges of mountains is a
,last empire of agriculture, which forms
a vast amphitheatre, in which Wall
street has set 40,000,000 to fighting
for their lives. And if whole armies
go down in exhaustion Wall street
does not care enough about them to
even vote to have them live or die and
coldly remarks *"The people be d-d."
There is much boasting about mod
rpm civilization being so much superior
to old pagan Roman civilization.
Strong and brave Romans would
pounce down upon the passing cars
van and fight it, and conquer it, and
rob it, and make off with the plunder,
and perhaps divide it with the needy.
But the modern way is am improve- I
ment over the old way, that is not so r
dangerous to the robber, for now when t
a scoundrel wishes to rob, allhe has to
do is to fill his pocket with boodle and
go to Washington and get his fellow
soundrels to piss certain laws for his
class and then go back to his office and
rake in the plunder. The modern
method is much the safer for the
cowardly scoundrels' hide.
But in either csoe the honest indi
vidual has to fork, over to an infernal
villa his honest earnings. So far as
the honest individual is concerned, the
results are the same, whether he is
obbed under "pagan civillhatlon" or
under ChristianL clvilization." Nor
will the robbed Individual feel any bet
ter whn he learns that the money 5
robbed from him was given to build a a
very orthodox theological college. t
But if oaemust be robbed and has a
a belee of the ways he would certainly Ia
aeect to be robbed under the old pa- -
galaitle way, for he thee would have
a chanee to break the robber's infernal t
'eter, how much reom hars eae toal
bo-ast . this civillatlaa over the oa? a
V9ter, do you see any possibility for a
r- goveramemt to last, with all the
mvha bit latemdled which deatroyed p
thoa t s qee po mirus *f tb.
world, Is it .at about tim.e for cvr
S l atr'iot to tak.," a trand to _,*t llm: : 1
ill)trt. > -It0 "t hIack: iI tli.:1 I " -t"
Iln ,iviiization which .e orw', . hr..l:' -
II. 1). McDowtell in Knihlht: ,f lIabot
,Jo.IanUal.
n f'romu .trhlv.
M aXn:,l.A. "r,.x.. I . 17. To 'i .h,
r r .'former of T .xa.: W ,- .r;I '. ',I-
i- f and lr Iiu. 'i·h. tujil' It .h "'altl ' Ii'.',: '.
upon the advntn i'it h ofi i ',"th of eur I :
Tl'homt a. I . Nu td nt. l't - hopi tlg Nit
our Ioi-. whilt ';c!ral. i. not irr;eel 'mn-,.
ble. May the l;i5 thlat depivtle u. of
ourthat of tled N,:lt raio i th. 10 :;lh,
standar'd alei an .t tr ie' and aurn' o'f tl,
and nll ,lli.h. l tiu -td n reali th', in
nat'- it ln of individual ,tTort. L t . .l t
m an i th'rontr ine th,:oa ad fo'ril
in the advan.mnlent of the aml-. 1hih
th. fune 'ral h ix ls -til a an th.t i vi -
a ('hrtions ringplo'ophi.: in -hot'. di(r ld
liker. wmae nu-t pi'l n' for' lhman tlrn r'
a itis. I that.'nt. ~rlnt n mII'-. lud"ie Nu
r tlt w innndat c tlhl].m t i t nin* I oft i e,'
l ople.f ltions, a heart thr.ih, like
that ofth r he retvl oliton fIath'ersl . ll int
the intonerest of l sthe ,at nd mard er of the
! p ophl'. Ii, loi,.ved in l.ol la l: ,-.
W'-'-mt- nt. ]o* trustod ill th in
nate. I good ait of the pwopl,
ofand theall e r iao , ta man tron
leknw him wIelrti ifn wa a true, frieirl,
a (Christian philo.ophr: in -hort. (;od
never made a ptulrr, noblr" man thae
T. L. Nuthe font. But we must nI,, t<
the mandates ofto that owntler that rutle
the world an preople ha-idll spek ovr the m
nies. of nations, and all la' re ignel I t
the removal of ou,. friend. Well " t.
it Ie, for Godl doith allfo thin+e flir the
rbest. f t t96s not make haout in the
thelection of our standrd searer in the
'uture. Let us wait until the people
of Texas hall decide upon a man toill
notlead u. artio ains may bing the ir
favorites to the front. bLt us pay nk
heed to them, but patiently wait until
the great people shall speidak for them
selves. I el iev e their ehoie will 1e)
the besty. And now. my friendt , la
aShide all matter. of neior imen? rtane
and make a bold tight for the lpeople.
for if 1896 passes without suciess for
tsohe people ourtht doom is aled. Wt
are slaves, and a thou a nd yea polo ill
not sumane to again prefernstat the o.olding a
ple in the control of the country.
II. S. P. Asna!r.
EDITORIAL OPINIONS.
The interests of the national bunk
ar to kersp thobligation to a government in debt.
Pittsburg Tex.) Plaindealer.
Is this a RK'publi,? Do the people
run it? How can a people run it and
not study its management?-Hll, tiett
rille (Tex.) New Era.
Shall humbu to pery never end? It is
so oppressive that a victim is are fullmot
in sympaty with any apology.n (Ka-.)
trop (Tex.) People's Paper.
The man who would prefer holding a
a banker's obligation to a government
note hasn't much patriotism, and no
brains to bra on.-tarenaha (Tex.) for d
Redemption comes high. Taxes afor
from 20ena to 30 per ent higher than last
year while all farm produ-the are fully
one-half lower.-Hutchinson (Kan.)
Gazette.
A laboring man would infinitely pre
fer to be swt at work earning silver
dollars than to starve waiting for em
ployhe Dent on a gold basis.-hicago
Tribune.
Two blind Republican chaplains for
senate and house at Washington oeem at
appropriate seletions--the blind lead
ing the blind in praying and reye coing.
New York Mercury.
A new issue of bonds is expected to
b3 made in the early days of 1896. It t
wa ld be a mighty had start off for 1
the Democratic national campaign.- -
Evanouthville (Ind.) (llaourier.),
alTwo events are destinstroyed all moral right of
the sanomen moment-d the Demworld demands t
anwi give thable adcountry the free oinage
tiodead.--Georgeton S(Tlver Knight.neL
T he only way to s thate the Clever
a very radical contraction of tha congre- i
mrency. Who favors costs the government mexcepthan
the bankerage farm s and money gamblert?
"wThe chapoint with pride to gur nationals limited by I
contrplct to obligations polimited by greedNon
alone haor demistroyed all moral right of.
enforcement, good argumend the world demand
againe spree at the degislath of a congres
man cot the governguments except than
the average farm llacies worthat monarchists
nd despoint with pridave toused from natime ionalm
-mpliducity.b (KY-Ind.) anPpopulist. (Ind.) Non
IfNo good guma citien aids in the cape foundf a
felont hae beomes an accessorypt ther n
thrdbre fact d may be triedhat monrvicted, hss
and despots havtoe used from ietiyme im
a lawymemorial against popular govently anment.d a
aensdally for the same purpoee, and a
will be protected ia so doing by all the a
power of the court--Texq Farq sad (
ach. (DmllasU p
SCIENCE OF MONEY.
ONE OF THE ABLEST ARTICLES
YET WRITTEN.
*Money in a Redeemer, Hence Neleds lno
Redemption"-As a Legal Trnder ilt
l legitimate Function and IBusine. is tc
Exchange rroductsand Pay D)ebts.
Money is only a creation of law. a
device necessary to ci\vilization, and
when understood by thl I. Iplh. will re
.t suilt in it. Mone'y is not a unit of \ali.h
nor a Imleasure of valini. Inoi a -tiund
ard of value. Why? B.'uii'e valuhe
is only an e-timal. b, the minil.
Hence there are ju-t as mally standl
ards of value a, th.re ar, mind- to
estimate. Money is a -tandard 1,
payment by virtue of law --the law of
legal tender- it i- a di.nonminator of
price. As a legal tender it.S he;iti
mate function and li-iiie i to
exchange products and pjay d)ebt.
Money is a redeimer. hn-ce nel,. no
redemption. It plrformis the work of
a redeemer in the casE. of s note iof
hand. city, county or sate onido. It
pro'eeds from nationai:l antthorilty.
which is its creator. and when a gov
ernment issues a bond to hta redeemed.
it abdicates its sovereignty and admits
what all traitors to God and manl have
in all ages asserted, namely, dit in.
right: and right here is where fraud
and contrivance appears in go";
c ernment. Divine writers have
always asserted that grI.eenbacks a.re
a debt, and that by the act creating
them the government created a di.ht.
As well say that God got in debt to
himself when he made the univerc.r.
Divine writers will agree with is that
law governs atoms and atomnilhlieac
and all things else: But they claim that
money is forever after the priesthosoi
of Melchisadec and above throne.-.
dominous. principalities and powers,.
and this worship of a fetich is the idol
itary that constitutes the crime of this
ago and will end in national death.
Its babylon, the mystery o,f
iniquiry, the mother of har
lots, and the abomination of the
earth. This mystery is nothing but
ignorance, and combined with it is
arrogance, which arrogance to-day
dominates the press, the pulpit, the
rostrum, the forum. In short, all
are prostrate before it save the Io,
litical elect that cannot he deceived.
This elect is the only holmp of the
race. It is the People's party and
notwithstanding the enemy are trying
I to divide and conquer it. its flag is
still there, and neither can gold bugs.
silverbugs, straddlebugs, nor humbugs
divert it from the inflcxible ulr
pose-the elevation of the race. And
to you who have followed and are still
following blind loaders, and at same
time trying to lead the Populists into
the camp of the enemy, let me say. you
have for lo, these many years been in
the saddle, and your work is before us,
and the result is bankruptcy and debt,
privation, sorrow and suffering na
tional decay and death: and the only
thing left you is oblivion, and my ad
vice to you would be to retire from
public life, and in sackcloth and ashes
repent and prepare to meet your God,
or make the best possible terms you
can with the devil, and get ready for
death and judgment.
To the Populists I have this to say:
Be firm, faulter not an instant. The
future with its great posibilities, is in
your keeping. Let land, transporta
tion and money be your battle cry in
1896. and so sure as man is capable of
self-government, if we have not already
committed the unpardonable sin and
forfeited our right to n itional exist
ence, we will in time win the greatest
battle of the ages, the battle of anra
gedden, the last great battle of proph
ecy. We can neither avoid it or laugh
it off. Let us meet it like men, and
may the God of destiny speed the day
of observance and birth of genuine
civliatlon. -James Hlindman, in
Southern Mercury.
Never!
Was there ever a time when bond
holders and dealers in money could be
safely trusted to control the circulat
jng medium? No, there never has
bean a time in the past when the peo
ple allowed them to regulate the vol
ume of money, that they did not play
falsely and rob the maswes.-Washing
ton Silver Knight.
No DMierenace.
If the Republican party prevail in
the next election, it would be swap
ping the devil for a witch-and cor
morants alnd plutocrats would feast.
*'Billing and cooing"--Democrat aa d
Republican!-Bastrop People's Paper.
A Coed Ways Apart Wow.
The liberty of the people depends
entirely on the constant and direct
communication between them and the
legislature.-John Adams.
Old party leaders keep them as far
apart as possible.
Ia making up the committees of the
house, Speaker Reed named 10 chair
men from New York, 8 from Pennsyl
vania, 6 from Iowa, 6 frhom Massachu
setts, S each from 3ain and Illinois, 2
lachfrom Kansas, Michigan, Orgon
and California, and 1 each from Indi
ana, New Jersey, MissourI, Vermount,
Ohio, NorthCarolina, Virginia, Wis
potiw a d 8outb Dakota.
A Motorman's Life.
· FULL OF HARDSHIPS, EXPOSURE
AND CONSTANT DANIGER.
SThe Great Mtrain on a Man'- Nerves ufti
clent in Itself to 'retek hIlm in a
Short Time. The Experience of a
Well-Known M.,tormlan.
Front the (incinnati, 4 th,,. -Fn.lrer
1 A motorman is, .htjtdl to many hantI
I hips, el.pecially in the a liter. % hen he ,- ie
SiMsei to the c,:l and llSnow. :\e.n in the
-ummer he Innist tiar the ittense heat
which teats daown 'ilan him. ton',nlcratle
nerve and .self-l1sa1.nil,tn ti. nce.rsa.tl r as
good motorman, for the Ias and Jinbs, of
his paassengesi are at stake. (Ine if the
best known electric mntolrltmen in thiis city
is William Frazer, who is at pre.sent ruln
ning a car on the ( uninninailie electric
line. lie is not only well lnmo n to hit
f fellow emlloyes, but to the pijite who
travel on his car. Mir Frazer in a young
man, ataut twenty six years of a:e, and
resides with his wife and child at 141 itett,
Street. Cincinnati, (. Alout a t i.ar a;-,,
Mr. Frazer was taken with serius stihon,
ach troubles. lie tought several kinds to[
medicine which were reconminendedl to lihn,
but none of them seemed to give him even
temporary lenefit. An enthusiastic adl
mirer of that famous remiedy kIii w n a:
Dr. Williams' Pink Pill, for Pale I'eoilil
told him to try them. To a repolrter of the
Fnquirer he said:
"I can niost heartily rec.tinniend Ilh
Williams' Pink Pills. They are all that i<
claimed for thetm. in fact thel nalvrtie- tlhem;
selves better than any iendictinte I ever
I saw. I was seized sonic ti iei a:o
with a tad attack of indigestion. My
stomach hurt me nearly all the tile atnd I
could not digest my foIdi. The pain wea
almost unbearable and I found nothling that
would give me relief. I confess that when I
bought the first tbx of Pink Iills I hadln't
much contidence in their efficacy twar.i.u-e I had
tried so tanny things without snictes·r that I
was almost tdiscourageed. Before I had tarben
one box I was decidedtly tetter. 'iwo twrn
cured me entirely. While I have tern ande
the weather froll other ctauses ni i tll.u Q t i
I has never retuirned. If it ever slonid I knoi
Sust what to do. I have so ImI 'h ' *ontiri;.in,'
in the efficacy of Pink Pills that if I eve.r ge'
real sick again with any dtisordler I shalil a-.
some of them. It is a pleasure fur me I a
sure you. to testify to the exrellent irnaitttce
of these Pink Pills. They not only tone the
stomach hut regulate the bowels and at :.- a
a mild cathartic."
Mr. Frazer's testimonial mIean. si:ethan:
lHe speaks from personal exywrience and toilv
one who douLts that he receis el the .nt.t.l
stated can easily verify the assertion h canlin.
I on Mir. Frazer or seeing lua him etlimee n hI.
he is on his car.
Dr. Williamts' Pink Pills contain all the
elements necessary to give new i:;', and
richness to the !inod and resor: 'solltteretl
I nerves. They are sold in Ixes at at crenits n
box, or six ioxes for t2.:i. and aitt:
be had of all druggists or directly by ma,i.
from Dr. Williams' Medicine I oripany,
Schenectady, N. Y.
English Hares.
English hares were intrtodlct'lI intot,
Bullington county, N. J., a fesw sor.,'.
ago by Pierre Iorillard, anti thio' hay'
multiplied rapidly. A larg-ot nmivo r
of fine hares have been shot thcr, thi,
year.
Chlsae et Li(e.
When a woman approaches the
change of life she is liable to have a
return of all the menstrual derange
meots, and other ailments that af
ficted her in former years. The
direct action of McElree's Wine of
Cardul on the organs afficted, make
it the best remedy for use during this
period.
Mrs. D. Peunington, West Plains,
Mo., says: ''I had been suffering
from change of life and it took the
form of dropey. The doctors told my
husband it was useless to prescribe for
me any more. About that time we got
Dr. McElree's book on the treatment
of female diseases and decided to try
the Wine of Cardul Treatment. After
using nine bottles. I am well."
Not Io High.
The Maine Ptate labor 'ommi isso hI
been making thorotugh inqttir:. as to
the coat of the average Maine citizln'
food per day. All cnditions havi
been included in the inquiry, anl the
oommissioner figures that it to.n1i
Maine folks just 13 cents a day for
food.
A Wghele Family Rearued.
North Huron, N. Y.--(Splial.) (0. II.
6um of this city had nearly becomn, a
physical wreck through excsniv,, ti.-."
of tobacco, and his brothcr-in-luaw. wn
in-law and father-in-law were al.)o inl
ill health from the same cauos,. 'Th.
four men all began taking No-'l'o-lat
at the same time, and though nr)pre
senating great differences of age andti in
frmity, they have not only ia.n intirtl
cured of the tobacco habit, but are now
in the best possible ph sictal condlition.
The qua-tette are proudl of the. rieslt
and recommend No-T'o-bHa with th,,
greatest enthusiasm. Hlundreds ,f to,
baceo users are following the examllo
of the Sum family.
Whsat Neat?
A counterfeiting plant in th- Arkan
ms state penitentiary wa-. dli' ore, .1I
by officials inipeting the tntitttio..
not long since. In the rcll of th i:i p-
oners were found two pia. -r of ia, -
mols for making 2" ,.ent li.a..--. . itn
cup, iron spoon, and othr' ai,'.
aecesnary to the hbusines. lIb, 1.i .,tt,..o
seemed to he canrrying on -st,'.- .rfla.
About the man's hotldy was ;a rcl,th t*I'
eontaining ten wspuriols qjlurtl',nr ,il,i
lars made of lahbbitt mntal. :*-.. ,Atl
dsimilar coins were found ,,a ,th,,, . on-