LOUISIANA POPULIST.
Subscription $1.00 Per Year. There is No Free Country, Unless the People Rule. Price 5
VOL III. NATCHITOCHES, LA., MARCH 5. 1897 NO.
Look out for that promised pros
perity.
The best money is that of stable vol.
time and value.
The banks have concluded to retire
the greenbacks.
McKinley will not have to materully
alter Grover'; message.
That was only a skirmish; let us
get ready for a battle.
That promised prosperity isn't worth
a 53 cent dollar yet.
`° , Cleveland and McKinley would make
a good pair-two of a kind.
A few farmers in Congress would be
a very desirable ingredient.
Mark Hanna has removed his Presi
dent factory to Washington.
The idle should apply to the advance
agent of prosperity for work.
$Some of the old partyites are becom
ing a little cranky themselves.
President Cleveland's antagonism to
trusts comes too late to ldo any good.
Less money and more starvation is
Doctor Cleveland's prescription for
hard times.
The next thing Markl Hanna knows
be- .will be charged with running a
President trust.
R Some men seem to think that the
;` ylraýy to secure reform measures is to
'9te against them.
.:~ISoI ias the finest woman's prison
2 .:Vt e world, yet there is but little de
S U4for the rooms.
De bre heard a great deal about
but have seen no due that
r ean any of it as yet.
k-lt trust is. being orga lazed it
Sthe Attorney-Genernl was
g a- brick" or two.
plitocrats seem bent on .com
W. to take fat prosperity; we
ter have lat dollars.
i of Mareh all eyes will
Sl. R ubiclcans for. the
,, "beamHe c of relief.
S ee the silver 'en
,heat laIne willbe
a nd a tow ohera .
rlr-.h ms have e
that the -io;
S, td-em r c -mtoe s
. 
.,, . us•
~ts ~
IP~~ 4·W
,I1 Jr
toW~~ t·s
!ASTOR SWEARS ALLEGIANCE TO THE QUEEN OP ENGLAND.
(0.
This is the sort of American patriotism that is developed by wealth gained by monopolies. Read this special from
New York to a Chicago organ of plutocracy: "William Waldorf Astor has sworn allegiance to the queen. The last
liik connecting the author-publisher-diplomat of theigreat family of money-makers with the land of his birth is
severed. Such is the news that came from London today by letter. It was from a relative of a New Yorker who
han reason to be interested in the doings of the Astor family." The letter gave circumstantial details.
THE MONEY POWER.
A TERRIBLE ARRAIGNMENT OF
CORPORATE GREED.
Facts As Startling As Were Cited In the
Declaration Framed by Our Forefath
ers-Corruption liampaut Throughout
the Land.
The principles of the declaration of
independence are just as potent today
as they were in 1776. And the oppress
ions which the cowardly grandsons of
revolutionary, heroes suffer are just as
galling and destructive of Liberty and
equality as were the unjust taxation
and tyranny our forefathers fought
against The English and American
money power, which is the same, have
crushed our government out of all
semblance to a government of the
people.
Wesubmit facts as startling as were
those recited in the declaration that
was framed by our forefathers.
The money power has prevented the
passage of laws necessary for the pub
lic g~cd.
It his caused the repeal of laws that
kept raoney enough in circulation to
enable the people to do a 'cash busi
nabs rwithout paying tribute to the
money brokers.
It has delayed the passage of laws so
as to enable trusts, syndicates and com
bines to cbrner the market on staple
produ:tas.
It tkfe prevented the passage of laws
for, Ie ,benefit of the majority of the
peopTI.
It NLas forced its.way into legislative
halls in the form of a lobby to Influence
legisLttlop for its own special pur
tas Dijevented state legislation ae
coaplaaiing the work for which they
'were cailed In special session. For 1n
stat t b late session of the Illinois
Il - ture.
-IL ase openly,, flagrantly and boast
uU disrisgardi4e the inter-state com
amere. law, and` defied thes anti-trust
. preLated the administration
hr controlling the courts.
tI1sed judrges Independent of
$;Iq)%:F, the coistitation and the peo
hrough its political heelers,
? adIit edid of useless high sal
titd- amed had them filled by
l t imenifro the ienemies of the
t" fi ing :dmilitary fortressea and
gieoan with rice1 mep's sons,
Sg t ,.cehidol cliflden to be
ste i td' & usefal sat cittsens. i
- !., tir .k ind of 'teat-books
x:: ie oammon schools,
of the prilciples
nt. p Waar pulpits .
Sl aIt thbe military Itdependent
'-bs eras money power* as
Sdto fora thi
# > y 414a policy
: b ;+ .;'. e 'people of their
#:' t L ea s . te
So m'the ir
It has rendered all our laws inoper
ative where the rich man is involved.
It has caused the supreme court to
declare it unconstitutional to.tax rich.
It has bribed men chosen to repre
sent the people.
It has made protection of property
the sole object of our government.
It has plundered the people, driven
ycung girls to prostitution, starved
wives and children, driven men from
happy firesides to wander on the high
ways, and caused the murder and im
prisonment of workingmen whose on
ly prime was helplessness.
It has imprisoned men for stepping
on the grass at Washington, aid it
has caused men to be sent to the peni
tentiary for asking for bread.
It has caused young men in the mil
itary service to shoot down their fath
ers, brothers, friends, to "protect
property," when itself has hired in
cendiaries to burn property so as to
make an excuse for using military
force in driving men back to work at
starvation wages.
It was the cause of the late war, in
which thousands of able-bodied young
men were murdered, and the principal
result of which was the creation of a
debt whereby not only the negro but
the white man as well is made a slave,
and the owner has not even the re
sponsibility of feeding him. And
there are a hundred more things we
might mention.-Industrial Advocate.
REFORM PRESS MEETINC.
Pres. Van Dervoort Gives Notlee of the
Time and Place.
In accordance with the vote of the
majority of our executive committee
and the approval of all of the officers,
but one, our annual meeting will be
held at Memphis, Tenn., Feb. 22, 1897.
The municipal authorities, business or'
ganisations and railroads reaching the
city will heartily co-operate to make
the occasion a grand success. We have
assurances that an excursion will be
arranged to New Orleans and the Gulf
coast. Our vice-preedent, Frank Bur
kett, reports that he attended an en
thusiastic meeting at Memphis, and
that our entertainment will be taken
hold of cordially by all of the people
and, that immense interest is exhibited.
Interesting papers will be read by the
members. We earnestly desire a large
attendance.
We hope that every member will be
present and many new ones enrolled.
All applications will be received and
referred to proper committees at Mem
phis foi Investigation and report. .
The bitterness bf the campaign is
now over and we can devise means to
reorganise our party and continne the
campaign of education on true People's
party lines. We extend a hearty greet
tng to all.and hope that they will pro
per during the coming year and be able
to keep up their work in defense of the
cause they have sacrlfEed so much to
build up. Upon the meeting depends
.the futhIe off the People's party,and we
earnestly urge every editor and pub
.tsher to make rceat sacrlfice to be
present ,
M'embers will .aply to the Ofiers
nearest them for a utsttanee ,In secur
ing rates and readveittsiing. Jo. A.
Parker, correspoindiag secretary, at
LouastIle, #y.1 wil have charge of ar
rapglgg rates with Memhigs lines,
We 4apend t ist e il aiceru and post.
oSee addresses Id this Call.
Psealdent, lal Va n Dervoort, oa-.
ha.
,.~icpresident, franb- Durkett, Ok
ooreAr . U r A. Roselle,
pond cethry, Jo, eA. Park
._.. iI
~a~end
T'HE POPULIST CREE).
It Will Live Forever in the Hearts and
WVorks of Men.
Tom Watson in People's Party Pa
per: The Populist creed is an immor
tal creed, because founded on prin
ciples for which Just men have contend
ed in all ages. Were there no People's
party, the essential elements of our
faith would live. They represent the
wrongs of crushed masses, the hopes
of those who love humanity, the aspi
rations of those who dream of just laws
and happier conditions than those
which now prevail. Even were there
.no political movement along the lines
of Populism, the cause would not stand
still. Busy pens would still elaborate
its principles. In books and in news
papers the thinker would be at work.
He would seek his audience and find
it, in spite of all the boodlers and the
traitors and the tricksters. He might
know that the present held no reward
for him in its unfriendly hand, but he
would look over the present and beyond
it, and he would be patient and strong
and fearless, for he would know that
the future comes hastening this way
and that in God's own good time the
little he has been able to do for right
and for humanity will bear its golden
harvest in those years that are.to
come.
Long ago the Iamp of Plato ceased to
burn, and yet the light of 'his luminous
thought is with us still. Long agb the
voice of Gracchus, pleading for the de
serving many against the too-grasping
few, was hushed; but its plea thrills all
noble hearts among us yet.
Burns no longer sings the equality
of man, as he dashes in from the kitch
en to face the aristocrats who were too
proud to dine with him; but his de
fiant voice, ringing with undying trutt,
lives forever, and shall more the souls
of men till allr human hearts are dust.
O'Connell no longer stands upon the
hillside, with his thousands listening
at his feet, denouncing tyranny, de
nouncing legislative injustice, demand
ing popular rights and arraying the
resistless powers of public sentiment
against a system of government based
upon wrong; but every thought that he
uttered lives and bears fruit; every in
spiration of Grattan still inspires, ev
ery lion-like heart-beat of Sydney and
Hampden, of John Bright and Glad
stone, of Jefferson, Jackson, Lincoln,
Henry and. Otis is a heritage of all the
world; and while the leaders may per
ish, his exampe and his work are be
yond the reach of death and the grave.
The Boltinas Prodigals.
There will be many fatted calves
killed by Democrats in' the future, we
have no doubt, and there will also be
much music and dancing, but the
choicest cutlets Will-not go to the In
dianapolis boltets, and none of them
will be called upon to lead the grand
march. They must flock with the ser
vants for a season, and be content to
eat at second table. If they don't
like it we are sorry for them; and as
sure them kindly but firmly, that they
will have to lampt. i The gold Demo
crate, from their showing at the poll.s,
are so weak, that it is not worth while
to dicker wi~t them, or else they voted
for McKinley. In the latter ease they
are backsliders, and can reach full fel
lowship.. again only by way of the,
mourners' bench.-Chicago Dispatch.
ost a end Showing, ,
Election returns show Bryan more
in iduch Writh hi. home people than
WNiianW MilnIey. Lanoaster Coun=
ty, Neb.,. where Bryan live, is on=
of the strdngest Republican counties
ot' the state, gigag a Reliublican ma
jOrity !p 18$5 of 5,867. Bryan turned
this imaorlty under and carried th
county by 718 plarality, Stark. coaty
yplei@RepubUpe nimajority la 45. f
2,18U rogaeit carried his liol.
county by site auce# majority t50.r
ABOUT DIRECT CIAWS.
WHAT THEY WOULD AND
WOULD NOT DO.
Some Facts on an Important Question
by One of "Facts" Interesting Corre
spondents-There Is Only One Side to
This Question.
To the Editor of Facts: In a late
number of the Atlantic Monthly is a
short and very well-written article on
"The Political Menace of the Discon
tented," in which, after picturing in
frightful colors the dangers which
threaten our nation from the Chicago
platform and its adherents, the writer
remarks:
"It is more than a coincidence that
the menace to property and credit is
more determined in the two parts of the
union, the south and the west, which
have nothing in common but a lack of
thrift."
Farther on he states:
"It is the feeling that in some way
the government has ceased to be his,
as it was in a time nearer to the town
meeting, that has aroused the suspicion
of the isolated man."
Granted that -our Atlantic friend's
conclusions are correct, it certainly be
hooves us of the thriftless and there
fore rebellious west to make a great
effort to allay the suspicions of the
isolated man, by making the govern
ment once more his own.
How to make and keep our govern
ment one which shall' be in reality a
government by the people is, then, a
question of the utmost importance to
us.
Doubtless, the terms "initiative,"
"referendum" and "imperative man
date" are familiar to the ear. But lest
some one may not understand them
fully I will give a brief explanation.
The referendum is simply a referring
to the people of a proposed legal meas
ure for their approval or veto. We now
have the referendum in our own coun
try in a very limited measure, i. e.,
every amendment to our state consti
tution must be approved by the peo
ple before it becomes part of the law
of the land. Certain questions as to
bond issues are also submitted to the
people. Several years ago the school
board of Denver gave the people the
referendum in regard to free text
books.
In Switzerland, which country takes
the lead in direct legislation, the refer
endum is either compulsory or option
al. That is, in some of the cantons all
measures must be submitted to the
people before becoming laws. while in
others and in the federal government
they are submitted only on petition of
a certain number of citizens.
The Initiative is the natural comple
ment of the referendum. By it the
people have the power to initiate leg
islation when their legislators are too
sluggish to do so, or when they are
bound by "rings and strings" and un
holy combinations. A demand by a
certain number of voters then compels
the law-making body to frame the de
sired legislation and submit it to the
people for their acceptance or rejection.
The imperative mandate, or, as it is
sometimes named, the recall, enables
the people to remove from office an un
worthy or incapable official, provided
that the demand be made by a majority
of the voters.
Perhaps it may be plainer to you if
brought nearer home. Let us suppose
that we have adopted some such sys
tem of direct legislation ih our city.
We wish to take into our own hands
the business ot supplying ourselves
with drinkable water. Say twenty per
cent of our people sign a request to our
public servants to make all arrange
ments for purchasing the property of
the water company or for putting in a
new system. That is the initiative.
The city council thereupon must
frame necessary measures and adver
tise thoroughly the date on which the
question is to come before the people.
On that day it is settled by direct vote.
That is the referendum. Possibly dur
ing this operation one of our older men
has shown a leaning toward the inter
est of somebody besides the people
whose servant he is. Such things have
been heard of in some of our cities.
Possibly he has worked, so plainly
against us and for his own Interests
that the whole city is indignant. Very
well, if more than half of us.see fit we
muy; by signing our names to the de
mand, remove the gentleman from his
public office. That is the imperative
mandate, or riecall.
Or, suppose that many of us think
that our fair city would be fairer with
out' saloons. Do you not see how di
rect legislatilo would simplify mat
terst I believe that it the question of
saloons or no-saloons were put directly
to the people of Denver,. the saloon
would go. Prhaps not, but I should
like to see it tried.
SFor a few ,.homents let us consider
!some of the attuinents for and against
an adoptlon f this Swiss system.
It would 4.utr the lobby, that
"third house,'¶ iahh is respqnsible for
cn matb of ouw 4at le1tteltion.
,t 'would telir1 t6 prevent tolitics from
a tzad~ for tep4wO r of the
p t gt e& ~ therarwoul
and he who would attempt it would
have no money to waste on elected rep
resentatives.
It would weaken party spirit and
probably make an end of party gov
ernment.
It would put a stop to the wholesale,
reckless legislation which is now
rushed through our law-making bodies,
much of which serves only to make
mischief. Is it not true that to-day
most reforms lie in the direction of
repealing laws already on the statute
books, rather than in making new
ones?
But you may say the people are not
capable of deciding such questions.
True enough. We admit our ignorance.
But neither are we capable of electing
wise men to office, men able to decide
these questions for us. What propor
tion of the people who voted for state
legislators on Nov. 3 knew anything
of the character and abilty of the men
for whom they voted? A few knew
something of them personally, a few
others knew something by hearsay,
while the rest voted for them simply
because they were the iparty nominees.
Party nominees! Selected, then, in all
probability, by a clique of the least
trustworthy man in the community.
No, we are not wise enough or patri
otic enough to legislate for ourselves.
but I believe that we could soon learn
how if we had a chance to do it. How
much did we know about national
finances two years ago? We have had
the benefit of compulsory education on
that subject of late, for by some
strange process the last election turned
itself into a referendum on the money
question. It has been rather agoniz
ing to our soirits-much of what we
have learned with so much pains is not
true. But after all we are wiser than
we were, and I think that the average
man is now about as capable of legis
lating on financial questions as the
financiers we have been sending to
Congress for the last twenty-five years.
He couldn't make a worse mess of it
or change his mind oftener.
Pardon me if I have given you a
one-sided view of this subject. I can
see but one side. To me it seems the
one thing we must have in order to get
the many things we want. We can
notget iteasily. Working against us we
shall have all the lawless and anarch
isticelementsof the country-the saloon
and gambling element, those corpora
tions which have found it to their in
terest to own our legislators and those
legislators who have found it to their
interest to be owned. But we have jus
tice on our side, and; there can be but
one outcome.-Emily Marks in '"Facts.",
A POPULIST CITY.
It Will Levy No Taxes After the FIrs I
of the Year.
Glasgow will levy no taxes atter
January 1, 1897. The revenues derived
from the public utilities, owned by the
city, including the street car service,
the gas and electric light service, the
water supply and other public monopo
lies are now sufficient to pay all ex
penses of the city government. The
most surprising part of the whole' mat
ter is the fact that this remarkable
achievement has been accomplished
with an immense reduction in the cost
of gervice to the nublic.
Glasgow is a city of about twice the , :
size of San Francisco, its population'be
ing 792,000. In 1801 it was only 77,00. i
It has made a larger growth than any
other European city since that date.
Its great university, over 400 years old, .'
is famous the world over. Its public .
libraries, museum and technical
schools are the pride of the city. The
general intelligence gf this great ill*
versity town is uneq'ualled in Europe.
Its sanitary condition is of the first
class. It rankSnext to London in sie
among the 4Ities of Great Britain. ia
a word. It is the model city of to-day.
The leading source of municipal rerv
enue in Glasgow Is the street railway
system, and although the city bought .
the street car service less than three;
years ago, July 1, 1894, and interest on
the debt and .provision for a slnking
fund made, after meeting these fixed
charges and the cost of repair and
maintenance there was a balance at the
close of the year past, July 1, 1898, !pt
$408,014. The fare is one cent for half i
mile rides, and the average fare for the:
36,462,000 passengers carried during the ..
year is less than 1% cents. The cost otf
water and gas service has likewise been
greatly reduced, and yet the revenue
has been increased.
Our readers need not be told that .
Glasgow is a Populist city. Municl
ownership of the public utilities, street
ear service, water and light, etc., Isa
fundamental law of the People's party
in city government, Another funda
mental law is the system of initiative
and referendulp, otherwise known as
direct legislation. 'With city owndr
ship of public utilities and direct legis
lation as the foundation of munilcipal
government, .the boss in politics is
eliminated, for there is nothing lef I
for him to'do, and he disappears just
aw a stone sinkls in the water. When
will Americans know enough to adopt a.
Popnlistie government?--The Califor.
nian.
Bankers have robbed the peopDe 01
nore money than all thl higkway rbb
Ie heave, y.et t.hey. are ooksidrted a
ay respectable class-and 'eo e 1o
2·";
~ 4k~