LOUISIANA POPULIST.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $1.00 A YEAR. There is No Free Country, Unless the People Rule. PRICE, 5 CENTS.
VOL II. NATCHITOCHES, LOUISIANA, FRIDAY, A U(I'ST 23, 1895). NO. 1
• BUSINESS REVIVAL.
SO-CALLED RETURNING PROS
PERITY ACCOUNTED FOR.
"Commerce Can Adapt Itself to Any
Condition and I'rosperl But Uncer
talnty Is the Most Powerful Brake Ever
Spplled to the TWheels of Progress."
The free-traders and thick-and-thin
administration organs are almost
hy-terial with joy over the gradual
revival of business. ()f course every
body is glad that the shadow of hard
times is passing-that there will soon
be a smoke out of every man's
chimney; but there is absolutely no
more reason for attributing improv
ing industrial conditions to the re
'ised tariff or increase of the national
debt to bolster up that financial fraud
known as the gold reserve, than for
attributing the speed of a runner to
the clothes he wears. The panic of
':3 is not the first one from which
this country has recovered-despite
the politicians. If it survived the
others without the adventitious aid of
that political pot-pourri known as the
Wilson bill, and the omniscient states
manship of President Cleveland, it is
reasonable to infer that it would have
pulled through this time had Harri
son been re-elected and the economic
ideas of the Buckeye Napoleon con
tinued to dominate our tariff
policy. We are not hoere dis
cussing the causes of financial
crashes nor the relative merits of
tariff and free trade; but we know
that panics and periods of business
depression have occurred when the
tariff was low as well as when it was
high. We know likewise that when
the worst is reached a reaction sets
in and the body industrial comes
slowly back to normal health regard
less of the brand of economic doctors
that may chance to be on deck. At
the imminent risk of being read
out of the Democratic party
by the Dallas News and
other hypnotized bacchants indulging
in delirious stag dance about
the D)iQnysiusof Buzzard's Bay, we con
fess the belief that had Harrison been
re-elected in '92 the financial crisis
of '93 would not have been so acute.
America could hardly have escaped
the business depression which swept
around the world like the grip or the
bicycle craze; but the belief of capi
talists-whose bete-noire is innova
tion-that a radical departure would
be made both in our tariff policy and
currency system, was what turned a
retreat into a route, a depression into
a panic. The Democracy came
into power at a time when
a policy of ultra-conserva
tism was necessary to reassure
the commerce of the country; but a
course the direct antithesis of this
was adopted by the Democratic cap.
tains. And so distrust was augment
ed, commerce paralyzed and the land
filled with tramps, while our public
servantB-paid to guard the general
welfare-indulged in interminable
talk and added to the confusion worse
confounded. For weary months tbe
mighty tide of dialectical ditch water
ebbed and flowed,while capital waited
for order to evolve itself from the
wide-weltering chaos and labor stood
with folded hands and starved.
Commerce can adapt itself to almost
any condition and prosper; but un
certalnty is the most powerful brake
ever applied to the wheels of the car I
of progress. At length the gab-mill I
were out its main-spring and stopped, r
aid immediately the goddess of in- t
dustry began to repair the incalcula- (
ble damage done by Democratic stu
pidity. This partisan organ- s
isation claiming credit for the
business revival, which it did
so mush in delaying, for!
euring the pealo for which it wqs
chiely responsible, must provoke the
world's admiration. for men instinct
ively adore the monumental--even is n
audacity. As it is but a stop, how- I
ever from the subil to the ridicu
leous, so may adoratl easlUy deoline
into disgust That bzter the party
S-waalondemnasd by the people as ut
tkrly nawvorthy and irremediably
irpt, mouthpieces of the admiis- i
trateo should 'complacently point I
to the slight betterment in business I
made depite the alost ertlnal '
blunders of Cleveland, his hf-baked I
cabinat sad Iilkbenj oogress, as
blessriags of Democat rule, were a
emoagh to make a ooansistet Chris- 1
etla hsoture the Third Command- I
Smeat. The best thing the Demourey I
en do is to fellow the advioe glvea
by ~vr Ceveland whea a ftile at
te was mode to iie him out of the
alpin seespedae, and oUll the
trath." If the party will but maPster
up soseolet moral soruge to ao
knowledge that Its assalaly has cost
the eeaaY e bUme iow oa of mey,
.9i1 eeol nes aid premise to ma
tsrlalI raises tbe lgth o its ears,
 t n win trustint again
··-.
The M 00.0ooooo di met gov
at ,oms bonds, sold by the
. C*Mlameoan
back to the (iited States as pur
chases by national banks and for in
vestment by private capitalists. They
rate higher in New York than in Lon
don, for the reason that they are
cheaper security to national banks
for deposit with the comptrolle- of
the treasury to secure their circula
tion, and the rate of interest upon
them is higher than capitalists seek
ing investments can obtain with ab
solute certainty upon other forms of
security. These bonds will seek the
best market, and the United States
affords it.
The result will be that gold to that
amount, or exchange, which is the
same thing, will be shiplpd from New
York to pay their British holders.
The United States treasury will sup
ply the gold, drawn out by the bond
purchasers under the well known
processes. If the New York report
is true, and it looks very plausible,
the drainage of the treasury of its
gold surplus will soon commence
again on a larger scale than ever and
the same necessity for further bond
issues will arise that existed when
the last two issues were made. For
eign usurers are smacking their
other- ten million steal from the
American government. - Denver
News.
EDITORIAL OPINIONS.
Interest on debt grows right along
just the same, wet or dry.-Pueblo
Reform-Plrcss.
The trusts are an illustration of the
principle of socialism. The few com
bine against the many to benefit
themselves.- Coming Nation.
If a swapping of dollars is called a
redemption of money, why is not the
swapping of horses called a redemp.I
tion of horses?-Corsicana Truth. i
The cornfield statesman and coun.
try school house orator made this na
tion. saved it intact and must pre
serve it if it is preserved at all.-St.
Louis Monitor.
Shylock would like to crowd the
Populists upon one end of a single
plank of the Omaha platform-they
could then be disposed of with ease.
Chicago Express.
Carlisle says it reluctantly, .but he
does not want to be president. The
sentiment echoes through the coun
try with increasing vigor and empha
sis.--Pittsburg Dispatch.
Carlisle is cruising about the great I
lakes on a government steamer at
public expense. It's nice to be a dis
ciple of Jeffersonian simplicity of the t
improved brand.-Denver News. d
t
A $5,000 salary will buy more to- t
day than a $10,000 salary would ten t
years ago. Why not cut down sala- a
ries of public servants to conform to t
the hard luck of the public.-Denver a
Road. t
Real good times won't come until d
both old parties are knocked on the s
head and relegated to the limbo that C
contains their many broken pledges "
and promises to pay.-Indianapolis
Nonconformist. t
The currency of Rome was contract
ed from $1,800,000,000 to less than ii
$300.000,000, when the pulse of civil- c
ization ceased to throb, and she
lapsed back into barbarism.-Green
ville Itdependent.
Fight fusion with either of the old d
parties. Defeat is better than victory a
so gained. Only ultimate injury can ii
come of a fusion. It has been tried s
too often to fool any sensible man.- o
Galveston Reformer. c
Of course Mr. Cleveland would not 0
accept a third term. He would de- n
cline it with the shrinking modesty C
with which a bull pup would decline E
asancer of new milk.--St Louats b
Globe-Democrat.
American colleges endowed by mil
lionatree with the spoils of public b
plundor, are presided over by profee- s
sors especially selected to teach the
yonth of this country a false political i
eoonomy and false ideas ot patriot- a
em.,-Topeka Advocate. ii
No man ought to be voted for who n
s- not openly opposed to the perpetua- a
tion of the official fee system as it b
-ow existr. Let the people who vote tl
and the man who runs for an oMcee I
know exactly what his compensation t
will be, and 1st it be reasenable- g
such as will secure honest ervice;
but not sumelseats to Induce a man to a
by a oouvreaontlon or the voter-Texas si
An ome Way.
At a wedding of some of the Vander- h
l-t gag, in Massachusetts, the other C
day the bride was drosed in a Oh,
000 outt, the presenate aggregated a
value of P600,000 ad the guests rep
Sreset ,,000,00W,000 worth of wealth
Ad we haImve mn on the stroets of
Dee Moimes to-day vaialy looking for
mwork who say they don't know where
their breakofasut is to come from.ri
Nothting wrong though; we can'teven
Irhave at ieomo teax to mak that
stesn wealth pay its portion o' a'
ite.e-Farmers' Tribue. I'
If yu vale. yor liberty, If you
o your rights a Amenr- P
yee alR va.ebA PouoIst *
-r
MUCH ABOUT BANKS.
FOR WHOSE BENEFIT THEY ARE
ORGANIZED.
National Rank Note, Lack the FuI,,la
mental Requirements of an Ideal,
Honest Circulating Medium-Law
Alone a3ke. Money.
In 141;;; congress passed an act
called "-An act providing for the es
tablishment of national banks."' Up
to that time there had been so-cailed
state banks, which obtained their
charters from the several states.
These were banks of deposit as t ell
as banks of issue. By banks of issue
is meant they had the right to issue
circulation notes.
Those notes were attractively
printed, but were not money. as they
were not legal tender for debts.
But the circulation of these banks
lacked the fundamental requirement
of an ideal, honest circulating me
dium, as they were not legal tenders.
Whatever the law declares to be full
legal tender, is sound money, or
honest money, or ideal money, using
the several terms thus named. What
ever is in part legal tender, or legal
tender only in certain amounts, or
that calls for a redemption in some
one or the other commodity, is not
honest money, but something not per
feet and complete.
The bills of state-banks were taken
generally at their face value while the
banks which issued them were sol
vent, that is, able to redeem their
bills or notes with legal tender money,
but when a bank failed, its bills be
came worthless. As bank failures
were not infrequent and it was impos
sible for a merchant to keep himself
informed on the condition of all banks,
far and near, there was a scale ofdis
count on all bills. If one were going
to visit far from home, he must, before
starting, purchase at a premium.
bills on the bank in the place where
his visit was to be made. Unless he
did this he would have to submit to a
heavy discount on his home bills
while away from home. In either
case there was a shrinkage in values
which rendered the system a very
unsatisfactory one, as is every system
based upon the ability of one man to
speculate upon the wants of another.
Trading in notes, be they issued by a
person or a corporation, is specula
tive, and the aim of every speculator
Is personal profit, rather than general
prosperity.
The national bank authorized by
the act of 1663 was to be a bank of
deposit, also a bank of issue. It was
to have a charter from the nation,
hence the name "National," the bet
ter to lull suspicion of the public and
open the way for its notes to pass on
the current of commerce in lieu of
money. In order to give a circula
tion that should be free from the un
desirable qualities of the past, this
act required that, in order to issue
circulating notes, a bank must deposit
with the United States treasurer, at
Washington, United States bonds be
tween two fixed amounts, dependent
on the capital of the banks. Against
these there would be issued circulat
ing notes to the amount of 90 per
cent of the face value of the bonds.
The engraving of the plates for these
notes is done at the bureau of en
graving and printing, the work being
done by artists who are favorites of
whatever political administration is
In power. The bills are printed on a
special paper that can be obtained
only by the government . After their
completion they are sent to the banks
of issue, where they receive the sig
natures of the president and the
cashiers. They are then ready for use.
Being secured by the bond aeposit, a
bank bill may pass on an equality
with legal tender but it is not money,
as it is not legal tender and cannot
stop a forced sale of property by its
being tendered throughout the United
States. The hank'of iseue may have
fall-'d and discontlued its business, but
its bills are still as good as evea, and
are redeemed at par, within a stated
limit of time, in anything the govern
ment offers and the law has made
a legal tender. Thus the government
bonds left aq security are taken by
the government in exchange for th
legal leeder its gives out in return
for the notes of a national bank that
goes out of business.
Savings banks, co-operative banks,
and trust companies are banllog in
stitutions chartered by the state and
accordingly they may be considered
as state banks. These banks still
have the right to issue unsecured cir
culating notes, as in the days previous
to 1863, but the government at Wash
ington levies aon annual tax of 1I) per
cent on all such circulation, and thus
by its act of centralized power, in
fliets a direct.tax that is unconstitu
tional and by this means helps to
build a monopoly for the greater en
richment of those whose interests in
vites them to the support of any and
all administrations that support a
note-Ieuinog system rather than a
government issue or legal tender
money system that would give to the
people money rather than notes.
SiLce a bank is a orporatlon, Its
prime object is not to facilitate busi
sess, but to make mosey for its sltoeek
bledser 'hiej i dooe by lemding tes
no:es and deposi'-. Loans are made
on s-:oks, blods and mcrc'handise,
but a large part of abank's loan onim
pris'.s what is known as "bbuislne.
pa!ei'r," which, in the language of tio
treasury department. is paper repre.
senting actual vaiues, if the opinion
of tine banker runs in this direction.
For exaimpile, Barter & Commerce of
BIoston buy mc'ihanidiso of Trade &
DIhaicr of New YorK. to the value of
$0l i),I iJ,. The contract says that the
buyers shall have four lnontihs in
which to pay tht' amount. 'They tiaike
promlinissory notes( which arte prolmtises
to pay a stated nin at. a certain ti:ne
to ait given person i aliounting to ?1l 1.0
U,) 1. Barter & ( omntnerce senii these
notes to Trailer & Djealer \ ho take
them to the bank with \ihich they do
business. The bank after dediucting
the interret for t:e tilme the notes
have to run. pays the balance to 'Ira.
der & Dealer. In thin transaction
three parties have been benefittel.
Barter & Commerce hale been able to
make a large purchase. Trader &
Dealer have been able to sell a lar:,e
bill of goods for a cash equivalent.
and the bank has earned tour mouth,'
interest on if~IUJ;), , if it gets the
money. If it is successful in its spec
ulations its depositors are safe. If
not, they are left.-Nuw York Ad
vance Thought.
"'Ex:actly of a iie."
At the late 'opullist rally at Fort
Worth lion. E. (). .1citien of lfalletts
ville, by request, amidst much laugh
ter, recited the following verses:
Have you seen a sort of puzi/:e
'T'hey are giving at the store'
Two little cardboard ,lieces
I tree ilnies lone or adore
So shaped with curve, and anlgec
'That anyone wutulid si\ ear
This tilcet here is larger
than its fellow over there.
iut 'tis simuply all ills.oi
That dectivesthe tJest of eye.,
For put thenm both together, b, s,
1 hey're exactly 't a size.
Exactly of ti silze. boys,
'.xactly of ia "lIe:
FO doll t ulll ill a. L t Ic O nllllOn,
Nor alit ay. trust y'or eyes.
For things may si" te as lditTereuk
As soidl trult l and lies
Yet )w. whetn lill together. tw,yj.
E:xact,- of a s:ze
Yet be. t h nll put t, iet :lr, boys,
Exactly of a size.
You have seen the two old parties,
'I here as no doubt of that.
The woolly- eved tlepubillcan,
i ne moIls Lcrown Iemucrat,
With hmstOrlte so different
They stand out sitde by side,
one lookllng Ipuulltanimotuls.
l'he otl;er granid and wise
Blut appearance 1is deceivlnig.
Anti to your great surlprisel
You put teisllti both together, boys,
They're exactly of a size.
These par ies butl.t their platforims
(f olt wornl eaten planks.
Expre-sing quite am biguously
Anathemal. and thanks
On 1i1 assorted entitaes.
From sliver downl to sin.
All worded tmoust adroitly
To draw the voters in;
There seelms to be soon difference,
But If you're sharp and w i-e
And put theml both together,
They're exactly of a size.
And then, how soon there follow
The t andidates of e'atch
To till the streets withl tutrchllghts,
The atlmosphere with speech.
To tickle all toe labble
With their antliqualted straws
Anti crack old t llllewed c'hesnttts
'Mlid the w ildest ol applause,
You think they differentiate
Iletween their party ties.
lInt put themn both together,
They're exactly of a size.
Isn't this the greatest puzzle!
The most satanic game.
That things may seem so different
And yet be just the samne
And people are so blinded
A unever to compare
The robbery they sanction.
'the boodle that they share!
Let us leave this league unholy
And combat it till It dies,
For put theul both together, boys,
They're exactly of a size.
-Adapted after Rev. P. J. Bus.
On Safe (Groas 5.
At the recent People' party rally
at Fort Worth the following resolu
tion was adopted:
"We, the representatives of the
People's party, hereby reaffirm our
unswerving allegiance to the Omaha
platform; and,
,"Whereas, the l'eople's party, un
aided and alone, at t5 individual ex
pense of the poorest and most op
pressed class of people, have kept the
silver issue before the country, we
cordially invite all honest free silver
men, as well as all other friends of
reform, without regard to past party
amlliations, to join us in the common
work in behalf of a common people."
Moaey Is ths Child of I.'w.
. Money is a creature of law, pro.
vided by man for his convenience.
It was never intended that money
should rule him, and it never would
if selfishness had remained in hell
with the devil, who begat it.
No Hrope For LL
Li Hung Chang, the great Chinese
statesman, is said to be the richest
man in the world. If he is as stony
hearted as our "*civilized" million
aires, we would not give two-bits for
his chance of heaven.
Artfiul odgers.
Most of the old party leaders spend
a good part of their time dodging
their records.
THE mental weakling who tries to
edit the San Antonio Eipress allows
his prejudice to say: -*The fact that
Eugene V. Debs is in sympathy with
the silver movement is enough to
make many regard it with suspicion."
Poor dwarf minded scribbler; he could
not help it, uas his brains, what little
he has, are caloused with British gold
rt ae prejudice.
& TAX ON BACHELORS!
SERIOUS SCHEME OF A FRENCH
REFORMER.
vare Too Many Pribilleger Now-After
thirty-livre, If tI'numarried. M. I)ecroi
Wouldl Mak I:very MIan Ilelp 'Pay tlhe
P'ublic Debt.
R.\N('E nee dl
muon+-y. :nd in or
Sder to help raise it
tl rf *i f hx ,r sh,.i
haihelors, Th c
l budget for 1'9. has.
\ ith the great
est difficulty, been
arranged, a ii
there seems but little likelihood of that
of 189; being pIrop-rlly Ilanced, or of
an equilibrium being established by
the Ribot ministry, so that the finan
cial condition of the country is causing
I alarm, not only to those who have the
reins of the government in hand. buii
to all parties.
Patriots artl ransacking thuir brains~
for new ide\ites by whitih i'h, empty
coffers of the state may hIe replenished.
Among recent Illllruhationls w hich have I
been taken into seriiuis contideration
by the minister of finalnce are the taxes I
on noblemen. a heavier tax on alcohol. t
and, finally, the project of taxation on
bachelors. A \Vor:d corresl,ondnt has I
had an interview with the originator of
the latter system of taxation. which ap
pears to have been his hobby for the
past thirty years. M. Decroix. founder
of the league against the ahuse of to
bacco, has forwarded his petition to the
Chamber of Deputies, where he hopes
it will be examined before long. Said
he:
"The idea of taxing bachelor: is an
old one wnth me. Although my latest
petition is only half forwarded to Par
liament, I have been thinking the mat
ter ever for the past thirty years. This
is how it came about. I was a veteri- 1
nary surgeon at the time, in a regiment
of chasseurs, in Africa. I noticed that I
the chief of a squadron in my regiment,
a married man with a family, had the
greatest difficulty in making both ends
meet. On the other hand, his col
leagues of the same grade, receiving
the same pay, with no private income,
were leading a most agreeable life.
"It was from the observations of these
two men that I derived my idea of im- 1
posing a tax on bachelors. I expressedo
the opinion that the difference between
the lives of two officers of the same I
rank should be lessened Ever since i
I have conducted in France a cam
paign in favor of a tax on bachelors, in
the same way, but not with such good
results so far as I have achieved in the
:ampaign against the abuse of tobacco."
"My first petition was forwarded to
the Legislative Assembly in 1862 and
met with a very indifferent reception. i
Three years lat. r a prefect of police en
couraged me to continue my efforts, so
I persevered with my petitions. And
although people say that within the
past thirty years times have changed
considerably from an economic point of
view, my principal argument in the
sixties was precisely the same as it is
In the nineties. r
"I tried to make clear to the repre- I
sentatives of the people that, at an a
epoch when everybody is pinched by
the want of relative luxury, bachelors
enjoy a veritable privilege. They pa;y
lees taxes than the poorer classes. Con
sequently they have more money at
their disposal for all kinds of dlssipa- P
tion, which is more injurious than use- c
ful to society at large. In my opinion, p
there is no excuse for a bachelor when t
he has attained the age of thirty-five
years. From that period of his life un
til his death, unless he should marry,
[ propose that he should pay an addl
tional 10 per cent of the amount of his g
ordinary taxes.
"This would be far from making a
things equal, but It would be a step in
the right direction. Of course, officers
of the army, sailora and the clergy
would be exempt from this bachelor
taxation."
O.e Question Rightly Answeres
The spirits came to grief at a seance
given by Mrs. Ada Foye, in Chicago,
the other night. Mrs. Foye asked her
audience to write the names of the h
spirits wanted on a sheet of paper. Mr. L
Krauss wrote the name of his grand
mother on his slip. She was a Hun- h
garian, who died twenty years ago. h
Upon being told that he could ask a
question either mentally or loud, he v
chose the first method, and when the y
spirit answered "ys," Mr. Krausz was b
rude enough to laugh. He explained
that Ie had asked: "Il this medium
here a fraud?" The medium wa;s much
confused, and hastened to explain that
sometimes her own spirit answered a
questlon before the right spirit was e
consulted. This did not mend matters,
and amid a roar of laughter the seance ft
broke up. a
W~ Swave 3e skemebiw,
A "growler" disguised as a camera t,
M the latest means of evading the Sun
a eleslag law in New York. p
LIVELY BUNCH OF BANANAS,.
A Three-Foot Snake Wits l)lscnverd ia
It and Quickly Dispatched.
Tillisch & Co. received a consign
ment of bananas Wedrnsday, which
were taken out of the shipping cases
and hung up, says a Watertown (S. I).)
paper. Some little time afterwards a
lady was looking them over and dis
coc\ered a snake coiled around the stem
of one of the bunches in such a way as
to lie entirely concealed by the over
hanging fruit. She was greatly start
lid andl culled the attention of Mr. For
tr. the clerk, to the fact that a snake
wa\s there, and he Immediately got a
pitich fork and proc'edel to investigate
further. t.\ the first jab of the fork th.,
snak.e ranl a hasty survey of its sur
rounding;, seeming to be somiwhat ir
ritated at having been disturbed. Mr.
Kean, who was standing near, hit It on
the had with a stock lihe happenId to
ha\e in his hand and partially stunnted
it. anid it was afterwards dispaltched
Wit houit ceremony.
It nlmea.urei :t feet and 1 inch in
.l' gtIi, its color a brownish yellow.
with irregular spots of a darker hie
on its back and sidls. It is not known
definitely what species of snake it is.
bit that it camne from the tropics and is
o a vecnomous charrater there is no.
doubt. It i: lAiA med by some that it is
a spotted addter. but we have not yet
mect any one ,competent to vouch fir its
identity. It is on exhibition in I)uff
nor IBros.' w indow, being in a glass jar
tilled with alcohol, and attracts a great
deal of attention. Mr. Forter certain
ly had a narrow escape from being bit
ten. as in taking out the bunches and
hanging them up he is certain he must
have touched it with his hands with
out knowing it. lie is quite certain on
one point, however, that hereafter
bananas will be handled ini that store
with gloves.
The Poor Hinhop.
A well-known bishop, who takes a
prominent interest in everything af
ferting the working classes, wishing to
judge for himself what a joutrney in a
workman's carriage was like, took a
ticket and joined the miscellaneoui
crowd who fill these trains on the (;reat
Eastern Railway, says a London paper.
After a most undignified struggle for
a seat he found himself jammed in be
tween a navvy, smoking a strong black
pipe, on his right, and an artist in house
painting, smelling strongly of his craft,
and carefully balancing a can of green
paint, on his left hand. In addition to
apprehensions for the safe balance of
this can and the very unpleasant odors
arising, the good bishop was m'ich
shocked by the bad language which
garnished the conversation of his
neighbors. After a particularly strong
expression from the navvy, the bishop,
touching him gently, inquired:
"My good man, please tell me where
you learn the language you have just
made use of?"
The navvy replied, with a suspicion
of pride in his tone: "Learn it, guy'
nor! You can't learn it It's a gift
that's wot it is!"
PLEASANTRIES.
Scientists say that "plenty of sleop
is conducive to beauty." "That's so,;
even a tall hat looks worn when it loses
its nap."
Bell Roy-The man In 44 is a congress
man. Clerk-How do you know? Bell
Boy-He ordered a gla: s of seltzer and
a syphon of whisky.
"Blessed if I an't r regular Tritlb'."
muttered the man in the crowd aft'.r
being stepped on half a dozen times;
"everybody gets on to.my feet."
"My old aunt has sent me a jar of
brandy cherries." said a toper to a
party of friends. "and, though I don't
care much for cherries, still I fully ap
preciate the spirit in which they were
tendered."
"At last, my dear fellow!" "What's
up?" "You will hardly believe it. I
am In love and I am loved in return."
"You are perfectly happy, then."
"Nearly so-only--it Is not the same
girl."
"She left the ballroom a few minutes
ago, saying that she didn't fancy hre
ing squeezed in the crowd." "Was
Charley with her?" "Yes, and I think
that by this time he has found a place
where there is no crowd."
Jones-Did your daughter prove much
of a success as a typewriter? Brown
Did she'? Well, I should say so. Mar
ried her first employer before she'd
worked three months. He is worth $20,
000 at the very least, too.
Mr. Suburbs-Yes, we live only thirty
miles out of town. The last girl we
had stald with us six weeks. Servant
Lady--Ol don't want th' place. Six
weeks! Yes don't get th' chance to
hypnoose me if I knows mesllf!
Malden of Blushing Fifteen-You
have changed a great deal of late,
Charlie. Callow Youth-To my own ad
vantage, I hope. Malden-Certainly to
your own advantage. Formerly you
brought me a box of candy every day.
Time to Flee.--"Mungeraon, our
state's favorite son and candidate for
the presidency, has disappeared, I
hear." remarked the politician. "I won
der what's become of trimm"' "He
heard that a delegation was about 1t
call on him for his views on silver."
"I licked him." said the boy, mourt'
fully. "I licked him good, an' now ther4
are a couple of big fellows in the next
street Jest a-layin' to lick me 'cause I
licked him." "My son," said the fa
ther, earnestly, seeing an opportunity
to impress a lesson in International po
Itlcs upon the boy, "now you realise the
postion that Japan is l."