That Tired Feeling
Is a certain indies lion of impure and impor
erished blood. If your blood could al
ways be rich and pure, full of the red
corpuscles upon which the vitality de
pendl , you would never be weak, or
Nervous ! Boils, pimples, scrofula, salt
rheum, would never trouble you. But
our mode of living, shut in all winter ini
poorly ventilated homes and shops, de
pletes the blood and there is loss of appe
tite, and weakness. Hood's Sarsaparilla
is the standard remedy for this condition.
It purifies, vitalizes and enriches the
blood, overcomes that tired feeling,
builds up the nerves and gives perfect
health. Read this :
"Our daughter, Blanche, when four years
of age, had a humor break out on her
hands and face, which our physician
pronounced eczema. If the cold air
reached her face or ha:nds they would
ewell up, look almost purple, and
beaded blisters would form and break,
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is the Only
True Blood Purifier
H-lGHEST AWARD
WORLD'S FAIR
IPOO '" 0 LL
wo,, BEST SUITEDTO AL
F'OR CO N DITION /DIG ES'TI
Dyspeptic,Del icatejnfirm and
AGED PERSONS
THESAFESTFOODIN
THE SICK ROOM FOR
INVALIDS
p.4~o CONVALESCFWS -
FOOD
,°NURsING MOTHERS,INFANTS;9
CHILDREN
"' ERAL GIAS \ur9~
,$~ If SOLD BY 4!
- DRUGGISTS. -
JOHN CARLE SONS.NEWYORK.
The SCALPER
3-e k All Iabout makI g moey I Grati mad
P teeke "melpieg the mrkez " on marglm at A S.
It.,l. Dm mehodIyet. A OmIlpers make moa ry.
Iruxo a co.., us Qtelry s., Caago.
Fouro~r~rr, YAYII nend ~;roan.~
FoUIEIS .All MACHIISTS *g,.,;.
0es l III rGl, oas er. glCetri Litl. ete.
maim Write me. Umbr I"g· o.o .illm
h* iu ..flj I , Se. gal .Imambui LI...
For twenty years folks all over the world have cured
rheumatism, neuralgia and all other pains and aches by
using 8t. Jacobs Oil. There must be something in it,
for yop couldn't fool all the people for so many years.
WALTER BAKER & CO.
h Laugsu llaauh tnr. of
PMi, HHon GRADE
DJCMS AF GACTES
HIUEsT AIMOs
bWWIad Fed
L~mu
h mp BipAiedca.
SOLD MSO S In3W3W L
mmMBA~UhOIIsT~Os
Babies and Children
thrive on BSott's Emulion when all the rest of their food
a SII to go wasta, Thin Babies and Weak Children grow
aqjiu aud hsalt 4y by taking IL
Scott's Emulsion
' .as:ier neus lht d wesa an. d al the tendencies toward
smsor oA(somptioa. Thin, weak babies and growing
shithi sad an poroq suffering from Loss of lesh, Weak
L CMhroic Coughs, and Wasting Diseases wil receive
satld bemeits from this great ourishment. The formula
lor making Boot's Bmulsion has bee endorsed by the med
iul wjaP Ar fet years ,.No secret about it.
San/Ir ePAgt a &tdI's iurlsise. FREE.
erM $r b e, U. V. AM uglst. 00 cents a* Si.
Discharging a watery fluid, and the burn.
ing and itching would drive her nearly
will. Unless we encased h,-r little
hands she would tear patches of skin
from her face and hauis. W, tii-d
many doctors arnd many remeriies anrl
at last gave the case utp is l'.e,
But our daughter ('ora tli I old's
Sarsaparilla, to cure a sicroful us lurmp
near the left breast e hi th iiiused her
much pain and after takinr 4 bottles it
disappeared. Bla ti he, who now eleven,
had spent seven years of suffering, so I
concluded to give her Hood's Sarsapa
rills. She toik 5 Iotles and her face is
smooth aidl soft as a baby's, the color of
a rose petal. lHer hands are soft an,
white, s here four months ato tlhy were
blue and red and calloused nearly lihke
leather. I cannrot express my gratitude
by pen or rmouth. It seems a miracle
and our friends are surprirled.'" MA its.
ANNA L. ('LARK, 44)1 E. 4th St., Duluth,
Mian. iet only llood's. bccauee
ThIe sMahlne (un.
It is suggested that the machine
gun, if certain economical considera
tions could be adjusted. woaild find a
valuable place among the usual arts
of pecgce. As a feller of trees there
is no agency in the world like it.
Admiral Sir Edmound Commereli. in
alluding recently to the superiority
in workmanship and effectiveness of
the Maxium gun, said that a .0,J3
Maxim was capable of cutting down a
tree seventeen inches in diameter in
a quarter of a minute. lie would not
only defy any other gun to do this.
but he would give any battalion in
her majesty's service live hours' iring
as much as they liked, at whatever
range they pleased, and they would
-no do the same thing.
lremarkable, if true.
The most remarkable instance of
rapid growth is said to be recorded
by the French academy in 1721'. It
was a boy 6 years of age, 5 feet 6
inches in height At the age of 5 his
voice changed, at 6 his beard had
grown and he appeared a man of 30.
He possessed great physical strength
and could easily lift to his shoulders
and carry bags of grain weighing 200
pounds. His decline was as rapid as
his growth. At 8 his hair and beard
were gray; at 10 be tottered in his
walk, his teeth fell out and his hands
became palsied; at 12 he died with
every outward sign of extreme old
age.
Railway Employe.
Very few people understand the
enormous scope of the operations of a
modern railway company. There are
now probably nearly 900,000 persons
employed directly by the railways of
the United States, and if any account
is taken of the families dependent on
many of these employes it will be
seen that possibly 2,000,000 of the
residents of this country derive their
support from these companies.
The prizes of life must be won. They
cannot be picked up unless one has an in
fluential relative in office.
Meta
Wheel
for your
Wa on
~Ly jia ya
+want U M N
mnehe hIgh.
Tire.io b
~b ide
Carbst man
nr,sý. h, I. Is.
restOlý at vs
P. 6 s ol miM.M
The car Fender fropositlon.
Ilaltimore seems to have solved the
street car fender problem. -ome
time ago a car fender commiisson was
" appointedt and an ordinance passed
7 requiring all cars to be equipped with a
fender satisfactory to tha commies:on,
under a penalty of $5 a day for each
I car operatedl without a fender. Se:
I ral dilterent styles have been in u-e
'for two months, and in the opinion of
9 the city authorities they have mnore
P than paid for themselves in the rn
r duction of expenses from accidents.
t Mayor Latrobe says that the cars
used to kill one or more persons a
I week, but that they have not seri
ously injured anyone during two
Smonths' use of the fenders.
Try It.
A thin coat of pure glycerine ap
plied to both sides of glass will pre
vent any Inoi-ture forming theron,
and will stay until it coilslcts so Imuch
Sdust that it cannot be seen through.
I .urveyors can use it to advantage on
their instruments in foggy weather.
In fact, it can be used anywhere to
prevent moisture from forming on
anything. and locomotive engineers
will find it iarticularly useful in ire
venting the accumulation of steam as
well as frost on their windows during
th. cold weather.
Atl:nta Hotel I'ever.
The hotel fever is beginning to
strike Atlanta, I;a. A number of
practical poople are figuring on
structures of all sorts and siues, from
an eight-story granite hotel to the
cheapest temporary structures. All
this boom is due to the exposition,
which is getting well under way.
'Ihere are now about 500 men em
ployed or. the grounds.
Not a Novelty.
The use of a third cylinder on a lo
comotive, where the latter is a com
pound engine and the steam has two
chances to expand, is no novelty.
Such a plan is quite common in IEu
rope. But a three-cylinder locomo
tive of the single expansion type is
much more unusual, and, indeed, was
unknown until quite recently. It is
an American invention, too.
More Than Seven Thousand.
The light houses of the world num
ber more than 7'I1,. The United
States has over 130) houses and as
many posts. The latter are simpler
in construction and not very expens
ire, since they are maintained on
shore. The annual appropriation for
'their keeping is now nearly $-., i0.
Tie F.rst Onr Printed.
The Aitken Bible, a copy of which
Shas just been sold in Boston for d300,
was the first Bible in the English
Ilanguage ever printed in America.
The imprint is as follows: -"Printed
and sold by H. Aitken, at Pope's
Head, three doors above the coffee
house in Market street, MI)CCL
XXXII."
A man can learn but little by talking,
but may learn much if he will only listen
attentatively.
Seeking a Foreign Clime
In search of pleasure or business, ahould he
preceded by the purchase of nature's great int
vlgorator, Hostetter a Stomach Bitters, tte
best and moat genial medicinal safeguard to
existence. Mariners. miners, commercial tray-
elers, tourists, and all who travel uy laull or
sea, speak of it in the highest terms. Malaria,
blllousuess, constipation, indigestion, ineilut .i
tlam, nervousnes and Kidney trouble are rcre
il ed by IL
The l.oy who is taught to do nothing
never forgets it.
"Ianmon's hiate Oorn saUlvre."
Warranted to cure or money refuaded. Ask your
druggist for it. Price 1i ceat .
The happiest woman, like the happiest
nations, have no history.
LaD.s needing a tonic, or children who
want building up, should take Brown's
Iron Bitters. It is pleasant to take, cures
Malaria. Indigestion, Biliousness antid Liver
Complaints, makes the Blood rich and
pure.
It costs more to ie proud than it does to
be generous.
We have not been without Piso's Cure for
Consumption for " years.-Lizzia FRnrEL,
Camp tBL, Harrisburg, Pa., May 4, '91.
It is a great misfortune to be poor and
sensitive, too.
The Evolutioa
Of medicinal agents is gradually rele
gating the old-time herbs, pills,
draughts and vegetable extracts to the
rear and bringing into general use the
pleasant and effective liquid laxative,
Syrup of Figs. To get the true remedy
see that it is manufactured by the Call
fornia Fig Syrup Co., only. For sale by
all leading druggists
Hun er never finds any fault with the
tablecloth.
It the Baby Is Cutting Teeth.
B re r ad use thatold aad well-triled remedy, Mas.
Wissow's Soorimo SIracr for Childrsa Teething.
Conecetieut Yankeen.
The inventiveness of Connecticun
yankees is unparalleled. Every year
they grow more inventive. A good
proportion of the population of the
state are inventors and patentees.
Their business in life is to invent
things and take out patents for them.
Lots of the women of the state are
patent holders, and the patents are
for their own inventions, too. Con
nectlcut stands the first among the
inventive states of the union. The
patents taken out last year by the
inventors of the nutmeg state number
one tor every 903 of the state's ihab
Itants. This was for a single year.
Gee4 Staer.
A western episcopal missionary
bishop who recently tried in vain to
induce some young eastern clergymen
to go west. wrote as follows to a
friend in Chicago: **We sometime:
say that young men in the east have
no stamina, but from personal ex.pe
rience I can testify that they have
great styIav pOWSp-9gywa aI
thome,"
Bascins
Roal B~
11101eaven
i Lest U. 9. Clovern 9e99 ood
Absolutely Puret
.onle Old Record-.
Northamoton county, Virginia, has
the unbroken record of its court from
S1632 to the present time. This is be
lieved to be the oldest complete court
record in the United States. These
are kept in the attic of the old court
house on court papers bearing date
before the settlement of Jamestown,
And relating to the plans of the I~on
o don company looking to the settle
ment of Jamestown, and relating to
the plans of the London company
looking to that settlement.
IFrench ('onstltut ion.
The French constitution seems to
be a great menace to the republic.
I)uring the last hundred years she
has had no fewer than seventeen con
stitutions. Not content with this ex
f hibition of political versatility, French
history reveals that seven provisional
governments at different times man
3 aged to worry along without the an
I noyance of a constitution.
If it were not for hope, that heart would
break.
$40 buys a good Top Buggy, with Leather
Quarter Top. The Chicago Scale Co. are
the only ones who can sell at this price, they
furnish their customers a thousand articles
at less than the usual prices paid by dealers.
It will pay to secure their catalogue which
they send free on application. This com
panuy is perfectly reliable and they make a
specialty of supplying the wants of farmers.
Guard well thy thoughts: our thoughts
are heard in heaven.
BaowNs's Iron Bitters cures Dyspepsia,
Malaria. Biliousness and General Debility.
Gives strength, aids Digestion, tones the
nerves-creates appetite. The best tonic
for Nursing Mothers, weak women and
children.
I'hotographers take the world just as it
:ome'.
Hlow's This!
We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward
for an case of Catarrh that can not be
tured by Hall's Catarrh Cure!
F'. J. CRENEY & CO . Props, Toledo, Ohio.
We, the undersigned, have known F. J.
Cheney for the last 15 years, and believe
him perfectly honorable in all business
transactions and financially able to carry
out any obligations made by their firm.
WaST & TaRAx, Wholesale Druggists,
Toledo, Ohio.
WAt.DIeo KL*.'.si & MARvrN, Wholesale
Druggists, Toledo, Ohio.
Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally.
acting directly upon the blood and mucous
surfaces of the system. Price 75c per
bottle. Sold by all Druggists. Testimonials
free.
Hall's Family Pills, 25c.
On the soft bed of luxury most kingdoms
have expired.
"'
The Door of Life.
The fear of pain
and the dangers
of parturition fill
S ' many a woman's
breast with dis
may. There is
no reason why
childbirth should
be fraught with
danger and distress.
It is a natural function, and should be
performed in a natural way without un
due suffering. Nature never intended
that women should be tortured in this
way.
Taken during gestation Dr. Pierce's
Favorite Prescription robs childbirth of
its dangers to both mother and child, by
preparing the system for delivery, thereby
shortening labor, lessening pain and ab
breviating the period of confinement.
McELREES'
WINE OF CARDUI.
W. L. Douc.A
HOE PIT FOB A KlN.
3. CORDOVAN,
*3.V POUCE,3SOLLES,
s $tI. WORKIYtlIllu
* LAr Is*
3mocrmnuss.
Over On Miline Peepe wear the
W. L.Douglas $3 & $4 Shoes
All our mes arwequally satlact
They ive the beat valee er the iee.
The prices ame earausm, e e al
Prma $ te$ saved ver ether makes
If your dealr cauMt sr.Oly wo we ca,.
No real joy can e er Lte ,vtjibht with
monoy.
Saved by a Miracle.
t t.II . ..'Te.. Aprl ,1,
ii1l A tin\ltit . TII h-rf . ,r: 1~ lrl, at'e , I
i'atinlle lhave prtoveId te i.n It ir,'lt tl'.sng t a,.
that I -amn i.t retrain froitm th'i . i,,ti what it I i.
'". I r r o e r, m any l. . ir I Iiht l· l:terl' I J l!llst
,lliy ,I e ns r l hit n 'llla c Im, li halh d k. e n despiire I ,t
I ,¥l fil:lrlly t . |, wa i l ein; t lreaitetl ,cy the lu - t
o, phi hns.I .r ainer iof the st,matith 'I th,
.arne t, see m." anit b,! lg t, have me use ylor
af t tar d ( it r tr, i, ' lhh it wi~l ,l not dot I 1,
tirt tret.llien'll t I tl e lt iw t lgth giveni mel
'tItlthli a nwel. ,k I . tll, n'.t" t+,tint t I walked
ataut luly rt ,n . pr IInPtlain I hadl uitt done Oir
Iitillhs 1 quit lthe lintratant t of the phlysiclarns
and Iintl tll l ih u11 of i , sillr I'a tilles for four
nillitha. when,. It lith n tlrprl Is t all who saw It. a
very large Ituit r. 'w' wlghing t tiun.s' , ihaving the
appealrrat'e of a Illnte s1p:lidr w ith a great nuilntter
of long lng., s,.'ed In ilt't,,a-.e of three dtlays
two rnmal tuttlrsr l, llwel I ami new well and
strong, and ,ay truly for te 1 ltl t timtt.' It it ilPtn
years I enjur lilt I ,I 1,1t.nlirn' atol sinteriv'l
aliltt iall ladies st ifferinri Ii i l e, lt'l trot ,le t,
tine the wttndtftrl at., t.uarlt t 'atalies. I l ,now
it tl hbe a ' litrve 'ir ." a i', . ' in e, , itl for it I
wi.ltyou Suti,'.st i ,in ir 'r.it aitdl tatle work,
that of re'ienaitg ai , it i' i ' n n t'tt ,.r
friend. .I ,-: M t itil Lt Fi
Box 47,:.
Anyl'l tydi, 't . "i thl a-'.'i l,,tii, write to the
lady direct. enrloting .tamip for retply.
If your Iirugtl-t doe% not keep Dr. F. Abun
droth'a Safe Guard Patilles in stock. write to eiO
direct. Price. 1il.0 per box, or t Loxes for V, ii.
Fot circulars and furtler Information atdress
Dlt. F. AIIENDROTHi. ol Washington avenue,
corner Line Oak street. Dallas, Tex
The best workers are those who know
best how to rest.
Ely's Cream ldulii hof s t
complcidy cu red i" of L -
catarrh twhen, cr,,thini el sR.L y a
else fiitlt'd. jJ',t a,'
quaintatnces htre tus ,I
it with excellett result.
- Alfred .1: Stctr,+,
Caldwell, Ohio.
CATARRH
ELY'S CREAM BALM et."nS and cleanre, the
Nasal Paattt.ag'. Allat' tIn atnd itnflammatitr l It, le:ts
the Sores, prote'th lie M'embrl'ae from ('t,,,l, it..
storenth" Sense of Ta"'.' ai,, bSinell. The ltiain is
quickly absorbed and git e" re.let at once.
A partile i applied li t. each noatrll and i. agree.
able. nPricef+ cet, at lIrugl't i tt.or Iy rall.
ELY BROTHERS, 56 Warren St., New York.
WORD BUILDING CONTEST.
5 PRIZES.
GRAND PRIZE--FINEST CHICKERING PIANO.... $750o.oo
2d Prize-Sidebar buggy............ 150.00
3d Prize-Pneumatic Tire Bicycle .... 85.00
4th Prize-A Diamond Ring.......... 75.00
5th Prize-A Moline Farm W agon..... 60.00
5 PRIZES---TOTAL VALUE........... $1,120.00
The above prizes are offered to those
who construct or form the largest num
ber of words out of the letters found In
the prize word
R-E-P-U-T-A-T-I-O-N
UtNDER 'rlIES-H HU'.l-:
First-The first prize will be won by the Fifth-Each contestant must become a
largest list, the second prize by the next siubririber to the Omaha Weekly Wirli
largest list and so on to the fifth. IHerald for oni yve-ar, and must send his
Second-The list of words must be writ- dollar to pay for his subs rlltlon w:th h.s
ten in ink plainly, must be alphabetic- list of words.
ally arranged, numbered, signed by the Sixth--l:very contestant whose list "on
contestant and sent in before May 20. tains as niany as thirty worsl.s. whether he
when the contest closes. wins a prize or not. wtII rc-,il\ve a por'
i Third-Words used must be English folio containing handsome photo engraved
and must be found In the dictionary. copies of sixteen famous paintings-size
If two words are spelled alike only one of each pi.:tre 10x12 inches, aith his
can be used. Abbreviations, obsolete tory of the painting.
words and names of persons or places are Seventh-In case two or more prize win
barred. Lists purposely stuffed not con- ning lists contain the same number of
sidered. words the one that is first received will
Fourth-The same letter must not be be given preference.
used twice in one word, except the letter Eighth-Prizes will he awar T.! anI
T. which may be used twice in any word, shipped to winners within ten d;ays after
am it appears twice in the prize word. the contest closes.
The Omaha Weekly World-Herald is the great free silver
coinage family paper of the northwest Its editor is lion. W. J.
Bryan-the champion of silver, who has just retired from cou,
gress. It is published in two parts, one of eight pages on Tute
day, and the other of four pages on Friday of each weelk, hen· e
it is almost as good as a daily for news. Ils agricultural pag,,
edited by G W. Hervey, its literary department, its house.
hold articles and its short stories make it a welcome visitor in
any household. Subscription price $1.00 per year. Address
WORLD-HERALD,
Omaha, Neb.
la retie
ilgfarther in doing the ho thfamily wash qn
ing r doing the honsewcrk than a quan
tity of ordinar soap
LAIRETTE SOAP.
Saves YOUR FINRS,
YOUR TEPER,
YOUR MONEY.
Try ft. Sodby all Grocrs Made only by
The N. K. Fairbank Company, - St. Louls.
The Aermotor all Stee* Feed Cutter Worth
$40 FOR
,' ,/!l !l.N, h t4+, I . . ,-* ,,n!v to o~n p .r
t n.- , r, r ..,. . ," ,, / ,,"' I , . . . ý ý.,, tr , .h, •. .,',,.
m. Ii.,,-t I .a . " I s' an I " 1 l r , a "
tre t of " l ' ; . r" t .... r
I o,r,. fly rl.,+a ar N, " r ý f.S r . i, T ·, to. ia f 1 '
(i..:,g O. If RIh.. I f ., 1 :.,.6 ;, , ',
Iackfrenv nte ' , o1 f ,
Tnu All steel frame, a 2 nrh very tlperf
-Iw ~ ah:h we put ot at l."l [rJ. tnow
"-.Uc lnee er mde. AIRMOIOR CO. Chl¢qI
lRa;"hla 1l, I ,. I: ,t.a n+, Tu.tes,
'The ' IINllI:"N I l"'" II. l In"ii - "t , 1 r
bl.. ,.' ,' 'llar is t,0I:,0 t., I i . nti ,,the r kn.,l
T", ,,/t h tu ll, ,' rrr , i n, i.;; A ,. t
Ten ('ullaraor lFie Palursf (UT. zr Twt- Fi e
Cents.
A 'Samplo Collar ni-m Pair if Cuff ,.y mail f Cr
Six Lcnt-. '. mi- stylrer ý and Ahrr
SREVEItiIlBTI. i l I. , ' II'.\\1NY.
-Franklin bt.. New l ark. K, illly tt . 1;,ot, n
W N U DALLAS 1E-93
When Answering Advertisements Kndly
Mention this Paoer.