HON.'HAL. A El,
The Brllllant and 'I'Tleated AmIeellat
Editor of ihe Caucasia..NlenatOrMarI
Ion Hatler' ' Paper. the E44m and
Pride of Popultisn In the Old North
Slate, IxaUltuesPr onle IsLters..
"A GREAT REMEDY.
'lbe ('alieaNln t;lcq Fren Advertislli
for Goad hing.ln
F"r iwonl w -.e ,:last toe (recas,,csn
i 1 , . rllnmi.. a :, v.thc erneiit ,,I
t ao %:: 1 Ar, 'z  +llflny. We had
. , .r ,t ve. v tmu h a t.tiouttn, anl
\i,.I ' i . :Il .+. ti t:lJ ,,urseilves that it
S. a ,.,1 s,. .: ;i ,, ', h:al no0 true
:. of it. Ir;l valll . F ,init dirert
e\t: ,, iCle we' I . fnI ;I(frln to any one in
tt'r,..a t, th:,t thti; lt' iiine is possibly
Ml:;i ihas long bect lookel for. We
houhld be slow to make this assertion
but fr the fat that some strong testi
iwfnl.a!i have coine undler our notice,
:.ul we hLre preient them. The orig
i1al letters are now in the possession
tf tjhe Gserasian.
MADE A PERFECT CURE.
" Suffolk, Va., Dec. 26, 1895.
Suw,,mp A.4n!cl Mledicine Company,
Washington, D. C.:
Enclosed pleace find money order
for .t5.50. Please send the' Swamp
Angel medicine. One bottle has made
a perfect cure of my wife, who had a
terrible caea of dyspepsia. Send med
icine lv e rrcas.
Yours, very respectfully,
REV. II. II. BUTLER.
FEEI LIKE A NEW MAN.
Lapell, Ind, Dec. 10, 1895.
Dear Sirs :
I received your medicine all right
and it is doing wonders. I have been
troubled with La Grippe and Catarrh,
and I do believe your medicine will
cure me of both. Already I feel like a
new man. Yours, truly,
SAMUEL DURANT.
WELL IN A WEEK.
George, Mo., Dec. 20, 1895.
Swamp Angel l[cdwczne Cobmpany,
Washington, D. C.:
Gentlemen-Some lays since my
foreman, Wm. T. McCall, ordered two
bottles of your medicine. I being
very much afflicted with piles and in
digrstion, he gave me one bottle, and I
commenced the use of same just one
week ago. To-day I am well.
Yours, very truly,
-' CARLES OTTE.
IENT EVER USED.
I herewith enclose you 50 cents for
which please send me one pint of your
valuable medicine. It has helped me
very much indeed, and I consider it
the very best I have ever uadd.
Yours, truly,
" NATHANIEL L. KELLEY,
Coxvillt;"In
serPnsIwN asEErrr.
Liberal, Mo, Dee. 4,1895.
To ithe Propricetor of the Swamp 4n
gel Medicine Company : "
Seeing your advertisement and be
ing terribly aficted with rheunmatii
and kidney trouble, I 'ari-i giikqi to
try your medicine. My wife was also
a great sufferer from heart failure and
asthma. We have tested -the' medi
cine thoroughly, and consider .the ri
sults wonderful. Kidney troublenear
ly all gone; rheumatism batter than it
has been for twenty year. "My wife.
dropsy all gone, kidney trouble very
much better, heart trouble almest gons e
asthma better. Taking 'everything
into consideratiold-her age, which is
79. and the` length of time shehas been
afflicte--it is surprising to note the
benefit she has received from the use
of The Swamp Angel Medicine. "
Yours, truly,
n. W. DAvIs.
P. 8.-I need two dosen bottles at
*one. Will send cash with order if
required. Direct to Liberaro
The Four Quarters
I of tbh Globeare
,Drawn Upon Dally.
Ont of the abundance
of its store of News
Dmnocra ,
Will enable you to garner
upkaowledg of the world
sad Its af
raThe bsimIes man, the
clerk, the mekhaa, the
eaumr, theyoeag o d,
"" tbeave sad gay,wil and
- leit ad flatter
la its Cdlm s.
Sa....... ..... ..... . a.eo a ya r
-,-,,, -a.. .............. a year
:h t'la Dnwe- i rai .
r,.
-+b work S b e psil r-hi
D. W. MARION..
J)REDBDENT OT HE WAJAP ANGEL JdEDxIC" PQ.
(Gardner Photographer) ,..
Weight, 1833, 120. , 1 9Q4, 1860, . 18,t 180 Ponsa
fBy Using Swamp Angel ed!cine I
Tuo years a(o, at 38, I was a cormn"? lire, 3a3'81 t, emnaedata, de ilid
t(d, ,dywg man, tcghig tut 120 pound. !w, at 40,Iucigh 170andam
in l:jfcct health. &ucA are the uwonderful results of usiz S'wamp Angel
.Aedczre for two ycars Wain aty s~ymptrom of disease sc'uwed themselves.
When the scienbfic men (f the ucrld, and ll the Acalth Zoards of the larq
.tsus informed the pllic t at ccnsv'~nticn. aid , , most malignant ande'
tol aieases, were caused and prcduced 1, lrivna lu germs or microbes, 1
then determined to find a germ or microt1 kiler. I th/n bought and tested
ctury preparahton on eale for throat troubles, Leonci/dal afctions or consump.
tuon. I could not find a germ or microbe k'llr in the e-ntire lot of medicines.
I tlesn commnenced to caperiment with na tIol and produced a medicine
semi/ar in eficts to hlydro-naphthol. 11/ile my medicine was very strong,
bct, I could drink it likc water. Jut the wot wonderful thing was Mthat one
drpcy would not cnly kill millione 'f germs and mcnwrobcs, but would instantly/
kilt any large insect. 1 named this remedy Swuamp Anydl Aledicine in honor
of the &wamp Angel canon, a gun very destructive to enesies bit *harmle..
to its operators, its friends. Even so,' Swamp Angel Al Jicine destroys all
lower germ lift, the cause of human disease- Under heat, this medicine dis
olves into gas, air, and can be inhaled directly into the lunqs, therbg killing
all germ and mierobe life on theseorqans. Bake lightning, tns . same mech
cine will rush through the skin, andtherefore kill tiny ache or pain from a
commen toot /ache to a severe nurima or rheumalc pain. Ever y family
should have a bottle. Cut out tthe ticket on this page and get one.
THnE JTOMACR.  Liver Pills will permanenly re eu
of any or all f the abyss sandyiateiga.o
"- cdtclle. Lat ae daler $1gi YOU a .5
ay ned cIeaag. hi so, tIe is nO ate. Many drust ewill tll you that
medloneequal tothe Swamp Anrpt Re.- our remedies u~ a , imsplymws
edles. Are youalctl ei' they las. not get dtea la [nk. h
With nause say this, be a san, thiik a monat,e
WI th nau tsea? - fraud stands bh.Sre yen, and by hi es ftap
. you oolve? . resentations is lying t. grt iau money
Is your ad -dizzy at times stock and can make a en.
Doe" your togue h oata overt Look oat, don't set the sucker for
Do you ha ft and spit often . elrl at,
.o you rater after etlg hrty.?
ieat you feel weak and debilitated t'
you esaer d" gek headacbes? s!>, Pasar;
sed .wilt slime? '1 is c etentlt est ehoeder toI
5  .. t la. e In the mouth I Half pt Swamp Angel Med, for$ 50
D6 1had lead injoup Or 2 pti. for 100
*Do y eCrfoed and fil to I TrDvsgastst erIeal~s
staad it? If yu sacter as 2 dozen halfpta for 06 0
ibe . . 86 pts, " - 250
CTAAR e th. STOMACgl Address us or any wholesale drum
One  it bottle. (Swamp Angel md- company. Swamp Asa1e *od. Co.
,Jsn ad one 25 cent ezef Swamp An- . Washington, D. C.
For Sale in 1Natehitoches by Mc. K. HIOLSTON.
E. J. Ga rlb1 e,
General Merchandise,
HIGHEST CASH PRICE PAID FOR COUNTRY PRODUCE.
ST. MAURICE, LOUISIANA.
Mc. K. HOLSTON,
-DEALER IN
Fancij Groceries, Notions, and Dry Goods.
tront Street. Natchitoches. La.
E. W. Tedd lie,
StM aurice, - - -- - La
-DEALER IN-
DRY GOODS,
GROCERIES,
NOTIONS,i -
AND every thing usually kept in a first class country store.
lth Cash Price paid for COTTOR and other country pro'
--. l Seal bmrgains for the fA L trade. Come and see us. I
Louisiana Populist,
PI'ILHlsIIEl) I.VI.RY FLII)AY, AT
Natchitoches, Louisiana.
SONE DOLL.AR A YEAR IN ADVA(NCE. "
THE LEAIIN(G P)ULIST IPAPIER OF NO(RTH LOUISIANA.
Devot ed to the Ediuation of the lmasses upon the rvf,.fm' issues
of the Day.
Advertising Rates on Application.
It has a large circulatinn, and Advertisers will get large returns
through their Advertlsements..in the Populist. t
-00- I
-----OO
It will give the leading local and general News Items.
a
-----OO
In
CThe Populist is designed to spread among the people a knowledge
of their political and social rights; an excellent advertising medium
as it circulates jlargely among all classes.
Be sure to subscribe for it. Be sure to advertise in it. There is
e
V
no harm in getting both sides of all questions. Therefore send us a
Dollar for the Populist one year.
a
t ._ lih i; . 4 \ l i re1. re. . . , . . 11..C
tl o a 1 t t i1'l ll. it 111' 1 e li 1 1::.11h1': l.
aut l'1i,, l I.,ll f ) ..t le ,ttu l H 'a .
'd hirh ,r ;l he e Ill eri lton ee l iior l.
I i'rl i'nl a a in llaance. ll i tlt he l tlilll
al; ,. .at iu nt ye t ti t 'th rg a--doa .l
t ith t olt i.: le;t ts'u-, sil v-,.r d' 1ll a -r
idl ellvery tihet ler ttl r t ,Io l tied
at es Ionel artec dneI lt  ,!', ilt
".A Statement made lby ou ex
)IIvernor and Senator elect Duet
to be accura te. iutl in this case it
is wanting in aill thie ee ments of
truth. No Ita Stanldard silver Ilt
ilvr, noll.r a silver certificate, ha. ever
heen. or can Le legally, re h eu I
in gohl. B'lt ,y are re'ivaeti'e for:;it:
public sand pivate debt-lhis, :oia
nothing more, has the governma lut
ldoe, or plro tinsd to do. fior sil ver
'tIt ha.t been denounced ant rl by
the passage of the Bland act of
1.7.S, and yet is as good a-: ;:..Id
here or elm-welnre. I put ag;iLa:t
the st tesent iof Governor Forllaikr
the obllowing oalicial letter f'ront tahe
treasury department :
' '\\ ashington, Di. C., Atlg. .9,
I,!.--I1on. Thomas C. Mcltl.e
Prescott, Arlk.: Sir-In repli to,
your letter of the 5th inst., I ha:ve
the honor to inform you that this
department does not redeen m it41her
silver dollars or silver certi.fi.;,tt.
in gold. Both are receivable t,,-: .II
del)ts duo to the United States. but
silver certificates are redetemall~r!
only in standard silver dollars, and
the latter, being standard coins of'
tie United States, are not redeem
able in any other forn of money.
Respec t fully yours,
W. E. CURTI1.
Acting Socret ni .'
"The present silver dollat s are
redemption money to the exti r
that they do not reqluire red nap
tion themselves. The 'omplaintt ,t
the people against the secretary o
the treasury is that tllhey are no:
used to redeem tile paper olt!ig.
tions of the government, all if
which are payable in coi,-gold
silver.
- i .--l--.----
'aNo Watson, No Bryan."
Editor Nonccnforutist :
Is there an element among the
professed admirers of W. J. Bryar,
acting in the cause of free silver,
as represented by a majority of tilhe
Chicago convention, who are only
the tools or stool-pigeons of Warl
street and Mark Haniua's gangf ?h
Verily the persistency with wl', h
thie national democratic conmitt:
refise to recognize the toollea':
party and continue to retain Mfr
Sewall in second place on th!e na
tional ticket of the alles, setms to
warnrant a suspicion at le.st that
such is the case. It will b, a mat
ter of regret to sincere well-wisners
of Brian in the democratic party if
steps are not at once taken by their
national committee to render to
Cgesar the things that are Ctesar's.
Pemocrats honestly desiring the
election .of Bryan should without
delay recall the commissions of suchL
leaders or co-workers as ar en
gaged in an attempt to belittle the
ability, merit and patriotism of that
lion-hearte I champion of the inter
ests or the common peopl., the
Hion. Thos. E, Watson, of Georgi· ;
otherwise it is quite timle to ac
quaint them oe the fact that they
are tempting providence and invi
ting lolitical annihilation. A won'
to the wise is sufficient, or ought
to be. Tile writer hereof is a 1ry- • " :
an supporter of the No-Watson-No
Bryan variety. "Their name is le
gion," W. V. Allen to the contrary
notwithstanding.
Elkhart, Ind.
Subscribe for and read the Lou
Israa Portimar, $1 a year, in ad
vance. , t
Advertise in the Loutsa.,nA Pop
UIJST.