LOUISIANA POPULIST.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $1.00 A YEAR. There is No Free Country, Unless the People Rule. PRICE, 5 CENTS.
VOL 1. NATC'I ITOCH ES, JA) 1 SANA. FHilliAY. MAY, :1, 1895. N(. Il.
ABOLT SOUND MONE Y.
J. V/. MORTON, JR.. WRITES AN
ABLE ARTICLE.
lie Makes III Views t ;.nistakahly Plain
I port the Sound and llonest Money
1 heory. ,ShowInlg Iow it is and %hby it
. 8s I)e,erlhed.
rii i:,: 1' r: Iteplying to your ed
itr:2al inluiries of to-day under the
captton, "'Tine for Plain Talk," I
loK to submit:
i. Sound mnincy is that which rests
upon a fundiation strong and broad
e'urg,,lh to, warrant and inspire inm
llii':t co:nfidence among its users.
l. Honest money is that w\hich is
at nil times and continuous!y all
c ,utablo common denominator
of values, that wil honestly
act as a standard for de
ferred pa, mients, and that may
lint ecorle tihe play ti:ing of specula
tor, the unite of which shall remain
abalatlivy changeless in its purchas
in, power or command over commod
ities-.
:. There can be * sound" money
which does not rest on a -old founda
tion: furthermore, money that rests
on a gold foundation is inevitably un
sound. This is true, also. as to
silver, or a combination of gold and
silver; with this difference, that the
use of two metals broadens the foun
dation, and to that extent increases
the stability of the monetary struc
ture.
i. A dollar that will grow either
greater or' less in general purchasing
power with the lapse of time is dis
honest and unsound. No ,"commodi
ty' dollar can be otherwise.
5. Gold is not, never was, and can
never be a -"measure of values."
Science truly asserts that a measure
must be homogeneous with the thing
measured." How then can gold
"*measure" pig iron or corned beef?
6. Value is a ratio or relation exis
ting between two powers or objects.
Being a ratio it can be expressed only
by figures, which are immaterial and
deal with quantities; never by sub
stances which are material and deal
with qualities. Further, values or
ratios can be expressed, but never
"measured." Again, value being a
ratio between things it can never be
possessed by any one thing; hence,
the theory of intrinsic or inherent
value has now been discarded by
practically all economists,
7. It is clear, therefore, that the
so-called ",standard of value" is not
only an absurdity, but a nonentity,
whether it be assumed to be of gold
or silvelr, or both.
8. What we call a "gold standard"
is merely an arbitary arrangement
whereby we attempt to conform the
exchange value of our dollar of ac
count-i. e., its purchasing power
to the ratio of exchange currently
existing between the world's gold
bullion and the general commodity
mass, which ratio is constantly shift
ing, and with it our dollar of
account. By this unnatural com
plication we not only do not
secure for ourselves that first grand
requisite of a sound and honest cur
rency-a prhangeles monetary unit
-but we actually make monetary
stability impossible. Take ProL Je
von's figures for proof: Between
1789 aqd 1809 the relative value of
gold fell 46 per cent; from 1809 to
1849 it rose 146 per cent; from 1849
so 1874 it fell 20 per cent, and since
1874 it has appreciated not less than
26 per cent Could saything be more
absurd than to speak of a "standard"
subject to such fluetuations? A rubber
tape-line would be equally reliable.
9. "-Free silver" of the Stewart
Sibley variety would aimply mean
silv'er monometallism until such time
as the immutable laws of supply and
demand suhould reitore the two metals
to a natural perity of 16 . to 1. BI
metalliam mems, in f.t, alternate
eras of monometallism, or the con
tineous single use of whichever metal
may remain the cheaper. lraelsaly
free ever weold add to the sendenss
of our present Inflabted gold currency
by breadeurlc s bsa, nad to this
extent would restore confidence, raise
prices, sad thepeby stlmulate trade.
10. neretar Morton says in your
laterview: T\hab money is the
eoundest for whleo throughout the
commerce of the civilied world there
I the most universal demand." The
bhonorable gettma bees falls into
the comaoe error f confonadiag the
moetary fuuetlt with its physical
eais as, jus as the Id worshi.pper
qg 't the e btely menas
aaemsit the bester
its equal. (;old can never b^ a
"measure" or a *"-tandard" of valucs
nor can it be "'moilney ex',pt with
in the jurisdiction ijlnicated by the
stamp it bears and even then it is the
stamp and not the bidlicon that en
dows it with the monetary function.
11. Finally that money is the most
sound and hosest (1) which most per
fectly and ceuitabiy performs the
monetary function of facilitating ex
changes: (; which repre-ents
not in its substance, but
in its basis or oundation,
act:ial wealth so great that its puir
chasing power remains undiminihecd
and its its integrity unquestioned; (a)
which being divorced from comimoei
ty, shall be freed from tie laws gov
erning commoti ity, and (1 the supply
of which shall be automatically regru
lated by the commercial needs there
for.
With all our theories and -isms"
we have yet to learn. as a people, the
rudimentary laws of fiuancial science.
Blundering along the lines of the o:d
"standard of value" fallacy, mone
tary reform wiil never be satisfactor
ily accomplished. --,. W. Morton, Jr.,
in Washington Post.
The (o:ore I Vot:r.
According to population statistics
the colored vote in this stato should
be about 90,0 ,u: of this total it may
be asserted that 3? per cent is not
accounted for. It has been custom
ary to credit this important voting
element to the liepubliean party, it
being considered that the colored
man is naturally a Republican.
Election results prove that the col
ored man is a l)emocratic voter, how
ever much he may claim to be a Re
publican in politics. In the last state
election there is no doubt that the ti
Democratic state ticket was largely
aided by the colored vote: in fact, in
several congressional districts it was
the colored vote that saved the Demo
cratic nominees. This has been
openly acknowledged, even in dis
tricts where regular Republican can- it
didates were in the field.-San An
tonio Express (Dem). b
The War is ()ver
Granting that Mrs. Sartoris is to
wed Mr. Douglas of Maryland, what r
a lesson that will be for section hat
ers! The daughter of the great com- e
mander of the union forces marries a
man who served gallantly in the con
federate army. To Gcn. Grant the
war was over in 1,65. Trventy years
later his old enemy in war, Gen.
Buckner, went up to Mt. McGregor s
to clasp his hand before he died. i
Thirty years after Appamattox his
daughter may give her hand in mar
riage to an ex-confederato officer.
And the great work of cenienting a
once divided country goes swiftly on.
-Kansas City Times. o
A Matter of Wage&. 1
Hon. Carrol D. Wright, commis- c
sioner of labor, in reply to a com- n
munication from Senator R. Q. Mills, sI
regarding wages in different countries te
per annum, gives the following- fig
ures: "1, United States, $342; 2, p
Great Britain, $201; 3, France, $1753; c
4, Belgium, $165; 5, Germany, $155: d
6, Austria, $150; 7, Switzerland, $150; g
8, Italy, $130; 9, Spain, $120); 10, Rus- tI
sia." The showing is bad enough,
but had it included the farmer, would h
have been infinitely worse. tl
tl
True as Gospel.
So long as the opponents of the re- h
monetization of silver propose no
practical remedy for present evils.
the people are justified in classing
them as gold monometallists. If the
efforts which they are making against d
silver are successful the result will be d
the perpetuatio2 of the single, gold
standard and the further degradation
of the producers and wage earners of
this country as the serfs of the east
era and European shylocks.--Atlanta d
COustitution.
S rThey Wall Ease Up, a
The beef and oil monopolies are 1
giving the people a little tighter r
equeese than usual. They will ease q
toward election time and a very large
number of men will vote so as to con- d
tinue their opportunities.-Pittfleld b
(Ill.) Advocate. a
Chtm*ed ThLsr Mi-d,. t
Those who onee stigmatized the
Populist-party as "Lilliputian" have e
changed their minds. tl
Is rr not strange, that with the his- 11
tory of Rome repeating in this coun- a
try, and knowing that that republic a
was overthrown, we 'repeat is it not P
strange that the people will not re- a
verse the order of things and perpet Ii
ate libert? eSonu men seem, how- a
ever, to Pfte~ slavery. "
Asio., with his mlllions of lecome
frO rents, Vaddrbilt with his mIl d
Meas of linome from bonds, Bok- d
fel.e with is millions o e na oil all p
free, beoge. wrkigue mast pay
yor tani. iadn't yeou better vote
the NpA t ti~cat saxt time? Or
-weis ye itnher be a srae? p
h
Wants dnaeetrated, through
spsall alga laws, Into the hards of e
-e Iir In Rome, aeopoIy bought U
vtew- arteest the oeurt eelaved
 "m'Wn,~r U·AL,,i ms|
, .
T 1 . / I., T T. S
AM THE GIFT OF GOD ,1" F0TMNRW (RTENDS, I W O,
AND AM AT HIS SERVICE OR TO SUPPORT ,Y 'FAMILY PpO?,RIAMI
N God freei Cgi'e COMFORT A .
t4a a _______PROCEEDS OE ALL
VWhatQ God eeIy gives to man, MonopolyApp opPiates.
WilnwH
TO FACE IT OR P)1E!
M'CLURE DIAGNOSES THE DEM
OCRATIC MALADY.
It Is Chaos or )eath?-Not a Single
hopeful State North, South, Ea1st or
West for Democracy - Cltccland
ism.
The Times, (Dem.,) edited by A. K.
McClure, in a long editorial headed "13
it Chaos or Death?" says: "The atti
tude of the democratic organization
before the country today is that of
utter chaos, and the only problem for
the leaders to solve is whether that
ence great party can be restored to its
respect and usefulness, or whether the
sequel to its chaotic condition shall
efface it from the history of American
politics.
"Today the democratic party has
not a single hopeful state north of
Mason and Dixon's line; it has not a
single hopeful state in the west, and
the southern states are all trembling
in the throes of threatened revolu
tion.
"The party has been condemned by
the people with an emphasis that has
never been approached in the history
of our political contests, and the over
whelming defeat of 1894 called out no
statesmanship in the democratic coun
cils in congress, and Intensified the
madness of democratic lawmakers in
stead of chastening and recalling them
to the lines of patriotism.
"But for the heroic integrity and
patriotism of President Cleveland the
credit of the nation would have been
dishonored, and business chaos and
general distrust must have prevailed
throughout the land.
"No party thus poisoned with dis
honesty in its vitals can survive, and if
there is to be a democratic party in
the future it must be promptly organ
ized on the basis of honest government,
honest money, honest taxes, and honest
elections. Perfidy or blundering in
republican statesmanship will not re
store the democracy to public confi
dence. It may destroy the republican
organization, but it will not revive
democracy. It must be in a position
to command the honest men of every
political faith, or it must die, and if it
cannot retrieve its honor and its fidel
ity to the country, the sooner it shall
die the better it will be for is followers.
"The time has come when intelligent
and considerate men will cast party
lines to the winds to sustain the integ
rity of the national faith and the tran
quility of business and trade. The
Times will support no man for presi
dent in 1896 who is not squarely for
honest money, for this is the para
mount Issue. The tariff question is
settled, not only fbr the present, but
for the future.
"National and state credit must be
established so clearly and positively
that the whole world will accept It fail
ing in that we must pay our thous
ands of millions of obligations held
abroad, not one-half of which could be.
paid with all the money of every kind
now in existence in the country. That
is the issue the democracy must face,
and it must face it now. If it fails to
do so it must die. With the demoeratic
leaders rets the solution of the prob
lem whether the present overthrojw of
democracy slall be temporary chaos or
death. Which shall it be?"-Pauple's
Parts Paper.
Xe trgigep Ike Powery.
There is noe tragedy like that of
poverty. No pstna ca grind the Lman
heart like that which comes t the]
husband and wtte when they fats the
cold fact that he bI out of work, and i
thba lank at the Leader fsces-of the i
WItg hpes epanie that ye tatherI
,as take care of 'hem. Yet we bknow
th.. s • ea e,, eae, , the hap
wt ItsL eIoril (bLr a w rs is be-s
ing enacte,,,. If we knew that some
Sfien1d ws pac-ing from house to house
killing women, and dashing children's
brains out, how long would the good
people permit it to continue? Yet pov
erty is worse. The slow, dull agony at
heart, the faint flicker of expectation
when returning feet are heard, the
deathl weight on the heart when she
reads on his face "no work!" This is
pain which no rich and happy woman
can understand. One must feel it-one
nist know how cruelly precious a dol
lar can so. rm-to unlerst:ndl what real
suaff ring is. One must realize what it
is to 1' cold and hungry In a city
full of h'ppy. careless people who
wea:t thei:r precious money, who revel
in and grow tired of the light and
warmth and food, ior want of which
little children are dying, in order to
know the meaning of a real heart
ache.-Rockville Tribune.
Overproduction of Wheat.
The best answer to the theory that
overproduction of wheat is the cause
of its low price is to be found in the
"Corn Trade Year Book," England,
probably the most reliable authority
published. According to that authority
the world's wheat crop for 1891 was
2,4,G,000,000 bushels, and the average
price was $1.11 per bushel. In 1892 the
crop was 2.440,000,000 bushels. bu; the
price had fallen to 90 cents. In 1893 the
crop was the same as in 1891, but the
price had fallen to a fraction less than
0O cents. In 1894 both crop and price
were sr.aller than any of the foregoing
figures, the price the lowest on record.
i The same authority also shows that in
the period of 17-I-S-3 the population of
the chief wheat producing countries
was 397,000,000, and the production of
rye and wheat in those countries per
head of population was 7.08 bushels. In
the next period of ten years, 1885-94,
with the population increased to 434,
000,000, the production of both these
crops per head of population was only
6.84 bushels.
We Scrond thIe Motion
From the New York Sun:
John G.
Carlisle, he
Says there's a surplus in the treas
uree!
And
John G.
Carlisle, he
Knows a heap more than you and
me.
If
John G.
Carlisle, he
Says there's a surplus In the treas
uree,
Then
John G.
Carlisle, he
Ought to set it out so's the folks can
see.
John G.
Carlisle, he
is likely right as he can be.
But,
'Tain't that;
To btand pat
John ought to say where the mnr
plus's at.
The Farmer's Object Les~se.
A good, honest farmer was standing
in front of the court house, yestccday,
looking mournfully at his tax rectipt.
He said: "I brought a bale of cotton
here five years ago sold it for $49.5. 1
With this money I paid my taxes, $22;
got a dress for my wife, $5; shoes for
the children, $6; a barrel of flour, $6.50;
fifty pc'-nds of sugar, $4; tea pounds of I
coffee, ?,. and went home happy with I
$3.75 in nay pocket for the preacher. I t
brought Ia a bale today, sold It for I
$22.50; paid my taxes, $22.25, and have I
a quarter left They tell me I can get
1 tur and frock and sugar and shoes for. I
half I paid then, but it 'pears to me
I halnt got the half. I've about made
up my mind to invest this quartetr In i
United States bonds sae d-howl for the
i gold standard."
ON CURRENT TOPICS.
WHAT PRESS AND PEOPLE ARE
SAYING.
Democrats Want an Extra Sesslon of
Congress--Gov. Altgeld Talks-Sen;ator
Isham G;. lHarris on the Situation
Gold Hugs Want Everything.
The gold bugs are leaving nothing
undone to check what they call the
"silver craze" in the South and West.
It is thought now if an extra session of
congress is called and the responsibil
ity of the situation thrown on the Re
publicans It could help their cause. A
I dispatch from Washington says:
"A large percentage of the Demo
cratic party have become convinced of
the immediate necessity of an extra
session. They urge that it would serve
te divert popular attention and cause
a temporary cessation of the silver
craze and would place the Republicans
in the same attitude of incompetency
and imbecility as that ascribed to the
Democrats of the Fifty-third congress.
It is considered by men of both parties
that it will be as impossible for the Re
publicans to enact financial legislation
as the Democrats. The result would be,
it is urged, the division of the Repub
licans into factions which would de
vour each other. As a consequence, the
masses would experience a revulsion of
disgust. The Democrats would have
nothing to lose and might stand to be
greatly benefited by internal dissen
sions in the ranks of their rivals.
"These arguments, opinions and facts
are n.,w, it is said, being daily laid be
fore the president by resident and vis
iting Democratic leaders, who urge the
great party advantage to be gained by
calling upon the Fifty-fourth congress
to make necessary alterations in the
present financial system. They call at
tention to the situation in New York as
a bright and shining illustration of
what may be expected when the Repub
licans come into national control.
"It is believed among politicians in
this city that the pressure upon the
president to call an extra session, will
increase rather than diminish. As free
silver sentiment spreads, party leaders
will become more and more unanimous
in pleading with Mr. Cleveland to save
the cause by embracing the great op
portunity offered of deriving enormous
advantage from Republican indiffer
ence and indecision."
The present attitude of the goldbugs
towards all those who oppose their so
called sound money doctrines reminds
us of the story of the mean man who
owned a cow in partnership with his
brother. The mean man insisted that
the hinder half of the cow was his and
that the forward part was his brother's,
which he was in duty bound to feed
and care for. The mean man refused to
divide any of the milk, refused to pay
for any of the feed, and then sued his
brother for damage when the cow
hooked him. All the bankers and sound
money want is to give them bonds on
which to base their banknotes, pay
them interest on the bonds, pay interest
on their notes, pay interest on the de
posits, demand no security from them,
and all of their notes that become de
stroyed to become a clear gain to them.
This is the "Sound Money" dictrine
that is being preached all over the
country.
Governor Altgeld has a way of call
ing things by the right name in a
manL-r that Is refreshing. The Demo
crats it Chicago recently formed what
they calAd an "Honest Money League."
In an Inintview in which the governor
was asked what he thought about it,
he said:
"Well. they are apparently sta...lng
out under false colors, and evince an
intent to deceive, for they know or
ought to know thaM the money system
they uavpcate is the ptot 4ishonest sad
damnable that was ever invont'ed, th
cause it doubledl the burdens of the ea
tire producing classes. It broke do(\\t
the purchasing power of the world ant
left the laborer without hrlad becaus(
there was no market for hia proidu t.s
These gentlemen also know, or ought
to know, that this was done at the in
stance and for the benefit of the bond
holding and salary, drawing offiials o:
Europe and the East. Consequently t.
name 'honest Money League' mullst
have been adopted because it was cal
culated to deceive the public. Yot
sometimes see a bank or a store or <
restaurant with some high sounding
name over it. Did you ever know one
that paid a hundred cents on the dol
lar, or that gave your money's wort!
when you ordered apple pie: Now, ii
these gentlemen were honest in thl.
movement and intended to be candid
with the public, they would have called
themselves 'The I'aralysis, Panic ant
Poverty Ciub.' Had they done this we
could at least respect them."
"Do you think, governor, that this
association will be able to accomplish
much?"
"No, not as it is now constituted
Mayor Hopkins sized it up in not-shel'
when he pointed out the fact that just
one-third of them were federal offlice
holders and the remainder consisted of
some bankers, some corporation law
yers, a few business men, and some
'hangers-on.' "
Senator Isham G. Harris, of Tennes
see, thinks that neither of the two old
parties will be able to organize the
United States senate in the l.'ifty-fourtt
congress, but that the I'opulist sena.
tors will hold the balance of power
Speaking of the silver question, he
says:
"The sentiment in favor of the utili.
zation and the rehabilitation of silves
to its position as a money metal anti as
a money of ultimate redemption; and
in connection with gold as the regula
tor of volume, or amount of that thintg
called money, is overwhelmingly strong
in the South and Wert, and in my opin
ion ought to be strong and conclusive
everywhere, if people would recognize
the undeniable fact that money is pure
ly the creature of law. It is now, al
ways was. and always must be, Jual
what the law of its own country makes
it, and when it passes beyond the lim.
Its of its own country it is not money
but immediately becomes a commodity
which goes upon the market at its mar
ket value just as your bale of cotton
hogshead of tobacco or bushel of wheat
goes upon the foreign market at it,
value.
"To illustrate: Four hundred and
twelve and one-half grains of stand
ard silver, coined into a dollar and 25.1
grains of gold coined into a dollar, are
legal tender dollars anyhere and
everywhere in the United States. Witkh
in the boundaries of the United States
each of these dollars performs precise.
ly the same functions, each pays cract
ly the same amount of' debt and buys
the same amount of property. Under
the laws of the United States. certair
treasury notes have been made lega
tender money, owing to which fact tht
treasury note will perform every func
tion as money that gold or silver colt
can perform; will buy as much or pay
as much, dollar for dollar, as any other
money in the United States.
"Now here are three kinds of legs
tender money in the United States, anc
under the laws of the United States
every dollar of either can and does
perform all the functions of legal tender
money, or, In other words, each dollar
of which, as money, is the exact equa'
of any other dollar that the laiws of thf
United States have made a legal tender
and, therefore, the idea of talking about
the market value, commercial value or
intrinsic value of the material ol
which money is made is slimply ab
surd, and a device I will not :av a
contemptible device (though I think
it is)-intended siuply to comnplirat<
the question and as far as possible t~
confuse the public aflt"