' A man's moral character cannot bo
really elevated by external force. Peo
ple may awaken and Inspire and help
each other by their interest, sympathy,
advice and influence; but, if the char
acter is to be built up into fair and
beautiful proportions, it must be by the
personal force of the individual him
self.
"At this point she broke down and
wept scalding tears." "DIear me! She
must have been boiling over with rage."
'1 An Important Differenre.
To make it apparent to thousaands who think
themselves ill, that they are nat afflicted with
any diseae, but that the system simply needs
cleansing, is to bring comfort home to their
hearts, as a costive condition is easily curel
* by using Syrup of Figs. Manufactured by the
California Fig Syrup Compan) only, and said
by aU druggists.
It is said that there is ground for a belief
that Jam.es Monroe did not die of poverty, as
e ften stated.
Among our ExchangeS.
[Reesemer W,ekly.]
There is probably not a more highly edn
rated physician inthui section thrn I)r. O T.
Dozier. lie is a sptciialit ,f zanv e:ars' cx
perience and snce,ss!nful pract ie. II i noted
for his thorough mastery of the details and
intricacies of his profession, and for unusual
scientific attainments.
[sunday Miorning Star.]
Dr. Dozier's success has hen simply mar
elonus and has elicited the most enthusiastic
words of praise andt gratitde from the d's
pensary's many patron from all over the
state.
twr try a 10. box of Carsere, the finet
ve'r and bowel r glator over made,
$1Se Reward. 3100.
The reader of this paper w;ll be plased to
learn that t here is at least one dreaded disease
that science hat beer able to curd in all its
staies, and that is Catarrh. il.tll's Catarrh
ca re is the only positive c;:re known t, the
ned:cal fraternitt y. t'atarri bheing a constitu
tional disease, requires ,a consIt ,.tional treat
ment. Hall's tiatarrh Cure is taken internalhi.
acting directly on the blood an I mucous sur
faces of the system, thereiy destroying the
foundation of the disuase, and givinz the pa
tient strength by building up the constitutmon
and assisting nature in doing its work. The
proprietors have so much faith in its curative
powers, that they offer One Hundred )o tars
for any case that it fails to cure. Send for list
of test:monials. Address
F. J. Casxsr & Co.,Tolodo, O.
W"Sold by Druggists, 75c.
Hall's Family Pills are the best.
Are You Satisfied With What You Knew,
Or would you gladly improve your stock of
knowledge? Yon may not have 0 or $0) you
ana spare for a 10-volume encyc:opdi a, but
you can afford to pay fifty cents tor a Hand
Book of General Information. You won't want
to pay even th unless ynou are desirous of
Improving your mind and believe that a five
hundred-pgeg book. filled with a condensed
mass of valuable knowledge, will be read by
you. This valuable Encn clopedia will be sent
postpaid for fifty cente in stamps by Ut Book
Publishing House, 154 Leonard St.,' . y. City.
Every pereon who ha not a large encyclopmdij
should take advantage of this great offer at
onc and store his mind with the valuable
facts collated in this hoo.r.
eal' TeO seeo Spit and emeko Teor LtI
f yo waat to u'tt ob co usiug easily and
orewer.regala ?e manaood, be made well,
tolg m , u.fulll of new life and visor,
*ano- ? the wonder-worker that t
make wemk osa strong. Many gala ten
endsIn teandays. Over MrUO eured. du
. b-I tu f you own 4r t. Uner
atoelute rm se ocnd sampleo o
- ,fr raa=.llmedy Co.. Ohicago
In 1848 President Polk offered Spain a mill- r
ion dollars for the island of Cuba, which offer I
was refused.
Doblbas' Flcattn-Broraz Rop costs more to S
make than any other floating soap made, but the
consumers kave to pay no more for it. It is
100 per cent, pure and made of Borax. Yo know
what that means Order of sour arocer.
In Russia servants kiss the'r mistress's•e
baud both as morning and evening greetings. ,
Oeamm u uuhte Aver, kidney ad bow.
d.. Never e , n or grips, 10a. a
FITSatopped freeand permanentlycared. No
fits attar frst days mse of De. KEtase's GnasT
Nmyttasetua. Free trial hbettieand trea
tm. Sead to Dr. line.1 w Arch St.. Phila., Pa.
We think Peio's Cure for Consumption is t
the oly medicine for Coughs. - Jamxis
PISxcAna. Springfield, Ills., Oct. 1, 194.
St. Vitus' Dance. One bottle D r. Fenner f
Specific cures. Circular, Fredonia, N. Y.
W· r bilMos or costive, eat a Cameart,
enad- rethrr seuranted. hOc., Us t
Mr.. Winslow's Soothlng Syrup forchildea
teethasl softens the grms reduce infilamn
tis aa3y imla. cures wind olic. c, a bottle.
One
Ust i worth a column of rltorie. Itis is
a Mt stalsbhed by the tetimony of thou- c
mud, that Bood's aensmapaila does aura a
ertnla, mlt rmhese, esarr, and other o
dlwmM md aetions artzsag from im- tl
puo sat or low erondition of the blood. el
It also over.om that tired feell, ore t
M a ood appetite and givee reagth H
to every pat o the system. Get only
Hood's
8arsaparilla p
Tke eet fst tshe O True Blood Pufie.
Why LtYour Chiock~en, a
SsCattle mid Horses Die 11
Uhe t your ,e 81
aesMesMe__ 1  ¶aYork large smple
vsReinra myCJmgo CO., Nashville, Tenn
. A a ai Nesd et f la Prsne
A Y mim L, f S t,
* ' . 5
Ill
o FARM AND GARDEN NOTES,
lp
r" ITEMS OF TIMELY INTEREST TO THE
r- FARMERS.
u- Cultivation in Apple Orchards...Profit from
the Incubator...Feeding Wheat+..Farm
and Garden Notes.
e ROIIING LANDI AFTER WHEAT
Tl'hisi operation Is hardly ever desira
tIle: it nma:y Ie before the sowing, to
breatk dtown the clods, but a good iar
rowing should be given ininiediately
r after. Th1en the seed should be drilled
1 in or sown; in the latter case the seed
Sshoutd be we'll harrowed in. It Is best
to letave whatei'ver small clods 111ay be
on tile ground, as these attr'act liols
et tore, and so help the seed to sprout
M if the weather is dry after the seeding.
Later, thesei clods, if on!y small, will
be a protection to the young plants.
The effect of rolling land every time
and under every condition is to cause
the soil to lose its moisture and not to
I retain it. Th'le more the surface is
LI loose and open, the less it dries out;
the harder and more crusted it is,. the
more moisture it loses by evaporation.
--New York Times.
PROFIT FROM THIE INCUBATOR.
In the twenty-one clays that it takes
to turn a perfectly fresh fertile egg in
to a chick tl..ere is llore profit in pro
p portion to the capital invested than in
any othellr farlll operation. So the old
h Ildy was 1:)t far out of the way whn11
e she said file would not sell eggs under
l twelve cenits a dozen, or a cent each,
because it didn't pay for the hen's
e time. If an egg is worth one c.int, a
lively young chiick, newly hatched, is
worth at heast six cents, if not ten.
Six hundred to IU5N4 per cent. profit in
ttwenty-one days' time is not to be
sneezed at. T'here is another side to
this, of course, when sickness or
something else thins off the young
chicks, and their dead little bodies are
Snot worth evetn tie cent that tl,. egg
cost from which they were hatched. It
! is by looking on all sides that conser
vative farmers usually called rather
slow are saved from enthusiasms in
the egg and poultry business that have
deceived and disappointed many who
have gone in without experience, and
have come out with more experience
P than they wanted.
B
H1OW MI'ClI IHAY TO FEED.
Parmtn horses. almost without excep
tion, are fed too much hay. One ex
ception may be noted: A horse of ner
vous disposition, Incined to scour.
should have all the hay he can be in
duet'd to eat in addition to the grain
ration. The horse of this character will
r not usually eat more than ten to twelve
pounds of hay daily. Again, you find
some horses that you are almost com
pelled to muzzle to keep them from
stuffing the bedding.
It is difficult, on account of the differ
a ent uses to which horses are put, to tell
wilat amount should be given them.
Opinion is divided on the subject. One
stockman says that four tons of ray
will be enough for a 1,000-pound horse
a year. Another says that a horse
should have from eighteen to twenty
pounds a day. The stage driver Insists
a that twenty pounds a day is none too
much. We believe that each horse
should be considered by himself, and
r fed accordingly.
It Is better to give not more than one
half of the amount in hay, where twen
ty-five pounds of feed a any is allowed,
the larger amount always to be given
at night.
The grain ration should be adapted to
the Individual horse and the work he
is required to do.-The 8Slver Knight.
PINE CASES BAD FOR EGGS.
The trouble with pine for egg cases is
that it is very liable to impart a bad
flavor and smell to the eggs. This occurs
In the presence of moisture. When eggs
come out of a cold refrigerator car into
a warm atmosphere they become damp,
often wet, from condensation; so does
the case Itself. This causes the pine to
emit a strong, pungent odor which
taints the eggs. The same effect is
noticed in damp and muggy weather.
We have observed a number of In
stances lately where eggs In pine cases
have been returned from buyers on the
ground that they were " tasty" though
apparently fresh and sound. Investi
gation has shown that the trouble was
due entirely to the absorption of the
pungent pine aroma from the wood.
For holding in ice house the pine case
is absolutely tabooed; and even for or
dinary use in marketing stock for cur
rent demands, it is a detriment tinder
any but the most favorable conditions.
It is best to pack stock In such a way
as to give it the benefit of every outlet,
and so as to avoid all accidents.
The white wood case is far the best
case made and should be universally
adopted, at least for packing stock of
flirst quality. A white wood case with
medium fillers and a No. 1 filler as top
and bottom layer, is free from objec
tion, and If properly packed shourld pre
vent many of the lossesam which often
harass (he less careful packer.-New
York Produce Review.
OULTIVATION IN APPLE OR
CHARDt.
Regarding the cultivation of old ap
ple orchards witeh have been a long
time ln sod, the general eonseQsus of
opiulon among leadinag tortlcultnrists
of tih country is that It Is not best to
attempt to plow tp these orehards andI
Laproe them by cultltlon, but rath
er tQdepend upon msrace mule#nlg
and feeding fo t Iheir illlaintenance.
e But a few day: it go. in \isiting the
falrtn of a friend. who is a great lover
of fruits and fltvers. I have\ fuiid that
his apple oreh:rd. which has been
planted in sod for m:nny years. had last
sprinig a smanll st rip of land plowed
n and thoroughly manuried all around
I the out side of the, owre-i..il atnl ld I
planted to flowers and various small
fruits.
'Thronugh the siuIninier they have had
the liberal culture necessary for their
best development. a.nd while from ap
ls'araunt's thlese well repaly all the 1:1
> bor put upon tl,'ln the ditfereiee in the
foliage of the apple treest and the ap
plearatlltce of the fruit on thliese outside
I rows is such as to warriant the belief
I that the increasted valtue of the orehard
t will mllany timles repay the culture.
lwhichli was never Intended for t :t' ap
ples at all. It looks to me that If the
whole orchard w-l as put iunder tilhe same
treatment, it would lot- a derided ltne
I lit. I do not know the extet age of the
trees, lbut judge it to b a111 oriharll of
upwards of forty years' grol'wth, anll
even though it has beitn in sod for a
good mnany yealr's past and had [beI:er
treatulent thanr the average ortlardl.
and been plrofitable in its returns. I ami
sure it can be made, more valuable In
the future by judiciouts plowing and
cultivation.--lart ford Courant.
FEEDING WHEAT.
ID. E. Salmon. II. V. M.. chief of tlte
Bureau of Anial lindlustry, l)elptrt
mnent of Agriclllture. reit ntlly said in
regard to tile relative value of wheat
and corn for feedin:g lpill'ises:
"When wheat and cutt't arc tl . saile
price per bushel, it is pr, ferable to feed
whetat and sell tour: First, because
wheat weiglhs 7 per cenlt. heavier Is'r
bushel tlhan corn; secondly, because
wheat is weight for weight, an equtally
goxod grain for fattening animals, and
better for growing anitnals: ad,. third
ly. Ieeatuse t'here is tnluch less value ill
fertilizing ele'ntents renloved from the
farm in corn rthan inl whh'at.
"There are (ertain poilnts to b)e blorne
in minl when onll is c(::leltllcilg to
feed wheat. Our dtomesti.tated animals
are all very fond aof it. but are not :tc
customed to eating it. Precautions
should eonstqutntly be olbserved to
prevent ac-idtents and disease frtill its
use. It is a matter of commontu obser
vation tirat when full-fed horoses are
changed front old to new outs they are
liable to attacks of indigestion. (cilei
and founder. If such results follow
the" change fronmt ,lt to new oats. howl
much more likely are they to follow a
radical change, such as tli:tt front oats
to wheat? For this reason wheat
should at tirst he fed in small lqutati
ties. It should. when possible, be
lnil.dl with somI' orlther gAi n, and care
.-L.uld be taken to prlevent any one
anu,-lii from getting more titan the
quantity intendled for it."
At a tmeeting of tile Kansas State
Board of Agriculture. Mr. J. W. Kirby
said:
"'lihe wheat that is bIing fed to farm
animals is mostly soaked. I have fed
large quantlties and it appears health
ful and nourishing. IHogs f'atteon il't
about one-thirlld Iretter than on corn,
making about sixteien pounds of live,
pork Imr bushel. Wh-en a mixture is
needed for fattening hoe, oats are
found excelent. Wheat mixed with an
equal measure of oats is fed to work I
horses, and this rartion tmtintains
strength and fleshi about the same as
corn or oats. For feeding horses,
whLat is worth about thirty-t~hree per
cent. more than corn. W\heat is sell
ing here at thirty-eight and corn at
thirty-five cents per bushel. It would
pay better to feed the wheat than to
sell at forty cents and buy corn at
thirty cents per bushel, butrt to sell
wheat and buy bran or shorts at cur
rent prices. would be doubtful profit
for the feeder. I feed brood so~ws and
sucking pigs on soaked wheat, giving
them all they will eat. and keep plenty
of water in the feed trough to prevent
the feed from becoming dry. Older
hogs, with plenty of green feed or run
asing in pasture, are fed dry wheat, I
Which they seem to masticate and di- 1
gest better than when soaked.--arm
and Fireside.
FARM AND GARDEN NOTES.
8pecial care should be given the
young fowls to keep them growing, so
as to get them in good shape for the
winter.
If fowls do not moult well look fo i
lice. Put a little flour of sulphur in
their food and a little Iron in the drink
ing water.
For good results in egg production. r
the hen house during the winter should a
not be allowed to become colder than I
40 degrees.
The natural heat of the sheep is about
100 degrees. Any dip that may be used
should never be more than 20 degrees
above this temperature.
In preparing lambs for show it is es- t
sential to have many kinds of green r
fodder. Rape, green clover, cabbages, t
roots or green fodder are excellentem.
Breeders report an unusually good I
demand for rams, espeelally of the '
mutton breeds, from the West. The
work of improving the mutton quality I
of range flocks is apparently going on a
rapidly.
The yards and houses should be made I
ready this month for winter. This I
work should not be put off; cold li
weather will comae and catch some a
without proper preparation. Do the i
work now. ,I
Every breeder should take his best I
birds to his home county fair. It will
help to make a good fair. and also in- C
edeutally help the breeder by 4yer- C
'. Ttising hi': Iuslicss. It :pays n nmora
,ie |ways than onle.
' tPces, in shee'p ihus.I:lll ll i'sy i t: i
it matter of lut'k. 'The' u'Ik" shee'
i fariner Is none t tthler Ilhi:l thie Ii ins,
St taking. hitiui;ill ne, ii 'llthliuslisltit" sh'p
'd htlrd. w ho'Le' sult-l'<s Iurns tl up hin .
id attention to details.
It has le'en found l tIhat a late dipping;
111 ill the fall ha. suehh all excellent itl'e<t
upon tlhe. skinll that thlie growth uof Ih.
d i tiee'ce is llore th;nii sttllicient to Ipay all
ir tile uost of it, not to melltionll thle cowm
" fort to li't thitek of a icle:an skin free
:1- frloml tih torlme'nting ticks alndI thie
lie surety agaiist scat.ll.
" If eighty or niilety poundll lambs are
Slith fa;orites of tlii presen'llt siolll'ewhat
fasthilous mlalrker. It Imay 'e well to
rd rtenemlr that tiup to this f:aslhionable
S'eight the lliblbs of tli' hIeavy bIiredls
a eve lbeen mainly r-ised tin liothe"'r
le milk. and hats cost tihe feeuler lit :a
lt' tritle lI. onlld the ext' pl'u -" of ,iti.
' o- luther' keep.
Ile
of WHERE PIES ARE MADE.
a An Establishment That Turns Them Out
etr by the Thousand.
l, "If you want to ee' o. lletllillg ill
itertestinlg," he1 said. "coute with nle. It
iu Will make youlIr mouttll water if you
have a taste for the i.weets• andl in addl
lion it will give you i n ins ighlt inltit i
ibusitness that has r'ea'lihi'ed inmnt'ise pro
I'l'ortious wtilh l 11t. last tl.n years..
Ike\wn this stree't. anli up lthel ne'xt. Iiandi
ltp a long flight of s1tairs. tle a ftit'e
W vheret tIhe lucky lllumbller of thirteen!l
nMisses %e'i-' at worlk. '1 liis wais thie ini
it t'al how to Illt larg';. tl pie facto ry in
tihe whole of tIi ihlhlai. and tfor i that Iillit
1' ter the ettire coiuntry. lerte It is that
.d al1 a'veragei of 1i.eiiii pliet' are turned
se out eve'ry iday of thlie w'ee'k exc'ept Fri
' dl y. c hatn ll the figiureis ;io over lit' 20.
lts11) liark. ibecautse of th demands for
ly Sunday. 'ies., lititle and big. anil in all
Sti condit;ions of pltll.parat ion, are to i. se'en
1i- helire, and tlhe averagell o li boy or
i iowi-town "ctlterk" would imagine him
self in pie lieavetn were hit to get upo111
thei groiund.
Ask tihe most experienced hlousertwife,
and she will i'eadily testify to the' state
it' Ilet that it is no easy maitter to miake
a hirst-class pie, Pi'e making is easy
" wit Ii the young thh tl' only till. till i
thil big faitoiry ripken of. It really does
.to ,en a simple affair- the putting to
t gerther of fruit aind dough -be'luse tlie
11workinen go lthrouglh the performiance
in IEmnpire State Explress order: but it
i pr'actic'e antd expelrience with theni
il rather than piersonal pleasure. To
Smllake a ilt e orrectly. as well as dliges't
w IveIly. it is necessary to resort to four
Is ' ake, for instanice., a n-inl'e pie. The
t work of I'prelaring i't, filling is the tirst
i undeirtaking. and then In regular order
. couii.' thle task of making the crust.
Silling the lie' and baking it. ('ontrary
to slotl idet a, it is essential to thie wel
fare of thel aforesaid lpie that thel tneat
1re'ili retsd l of a superior kind. This
obitalied. it Is t'onsigned to an immense
:steam-ficketed 'opilr kettle that has
=i the capacity of a niedhiui sized barrel.
In this way It is cooketd, andil then In
n trusted to the lbeneficial graces of an
Ai enormous lchlopping maiia-hh'ue, that doei
- its work as finely as a Iiproje'tile froit a
rt twelve-lch gun iiiight do with a wood
•1 i en fence. Next 'ome for attention the
SIll'ef sbuell. asiapples. citroni, ourrents.
is spies, and fiinally thlte brandy, and these
.e are mixed with the mint'enmeat by an
other machine, and are sent to the fil
k er . While the mninteeat is being
mixed with thc other mixture, another
Sforce of men are preparing the crust.
SThis force of men work before an inim
monuse' trough,. and are rigged out in
I- clothes of immaculate white, with
t bare arms as powdered with flour as
d the hair on their heads. The trough Is
l rtly filled with flour. and shortening
or larsd is worked into it by the white
i workmen. Water that ihas been spe
cially eed is worked into the mixture
r- In the trough, and the whole thing soon
it takes on quite a dough-like appearance.
S This dough in taken to another force
e of men, who roll it out inito thin slices
y andt place it on tin plates. This op
Seration is perhaps the quickest of any
r of the processes. The men go through
e- the mountain of dough like wind
t, through a sand hill. Quicker than It
i. takes to tell. the white-covered tinse are
Sdelivered to the fillers-In, and no army
of old toperms ever filled in as rapidly as
they do. All use a long-handled dipper
wthich has a capacity Just sufficient to
fill one pIe. With this dipper in one
e hand and the dough-covered tin plate
oin the other, the filler-in dips the dipper
e into the barrel of filling along~ide of
graceful movement of his wrist turns
it Into the waiting plate. This accom.
Splished. everything is ready for the
ov- en. The latter ins a ggantcle thiln
operated much on the style of the Fer
.rls wheel. Snspended by its axle above
da ried-hot fire is a wheel about 12 feet
mxlong and 1(1 Inches In diameter. Elght
iron platforms are hung from the rims
of this wheel, and upon these plat.
forms the pines are planced. The manner
of suspension is such that the ples al
ways remain horizontal. One of the
platforms is always over the opening in
1- the oven. The attendants cover the
I platform with pies and the ~h eel in
I then turuned until thme next platform
comes into view. which in like manner
is filled. This ii continued until the
e eight platforms have been covered.
SThe l.ext turn brings lointo view the first
lot put in, all lnked.to alo nicety. They
are then removed and the platform
filled again. Again the wheel turns
senite and removed. Thi.s is continued
Shour after hour so long as the demant I
I lasts. Anr average of about 1.100 pies
e are haked bourly over ihis oven. The
e i factory is a great lnstitutlon. and
, must be seen to be appreciated.
I .i tie'w Colite't' nilulg tield Is to be
I opened up near Silver Clif, hu Cutiter
Countt, Colo.
A Cougi ier's Coffers
may not be so full . a h,j wishes, but if he is
wise he will negl ct b is coffers awhile and
iattend to his coug h. , man's coffers may be
t so secure that no on e can take them away
from him. But a itt', cough has taken many
a man away fron t his coffers. The "slight
r (e cough" is setms'vh at like the small pebble that
the lies on the moL't & I side, and appears utterly
, insignificant. A ht .t 'ring bird, perhaps, starts
the pebble rolling, i nL the rolling pebble begets
I - an avalanche that buries a town. Many fatal
,4 diseases b'gia WTi h a slight cough. But any
h cough, takn in ti le, can be cured by the use of
Ayer's C herry Pectoral.
More particrr a ut Pectoral in Ayers Curehook, zoo pages.
. J" C. Ayer CO., Lov.11, Mass.
Ill- gilg ys·W~lgl Main6gP/@sassagile.ava grrgyg g r
JII W
IN E
ý1 FOR
ill N!O I
S Woma. ,'s modest y and igno
rance of d 'nger ofte n cause her
I to endure p: ins an I suffer tor
n ture rather than consult a
ur physician aL out important
n- subjects.
Pains in the head, neck,
e. back, hips, uhm b s and lower
bowels at monthl' , intervals, in
je dicate alarming d trangements.
in
McELR EE'S
WINE OF lDUI
is a harmless Bitter WVine with- x
t- out intoxicating qua jities.
ir Taken at the pro,; er time it
relieves pain, corrects derange
St ments, quiets nervowa ;ness and
cures Whites, Fallia g of the
v Womb and Suppress .d or too
Frequent Menses. Price $1.
P r sele by edleSe Dealers.
zP esmerm4S'A-acasw/Ar IA 'zCXQzaN
'1.
"Blight"
re costs cotton planters more
than five million dollars an
n- nually. This is an enormous
waste, and can be prevented.
er Practical experiments at Ala
:. bama Experiment Station show
in conclusively that the use of
e- "Kainit"
te
e- will prevent that dreaded plant
n, disease.
e. All about Potash-the results of its use by actual ex.
periment on the best farms in the United States-is
told in a little ok which we publish and will gladly
a mailfre to any farmer m America who wil write for it.
I GERMAN KALI WORKS,
S93 Nassau St., New York
,h
d ave you spent
it "hundreds" on experi.
ments? send 50 cents
more for cure.
isTETTERINE.
Pr box by mail for zc. in samps.
to J. T. 8HUPTRINE,
ic Lav'annah, Ga.
to OPlUlas WHUIaS ,abitscured. Book mt
er "iNas. a a)LNsbILA. arL. a5.
of -A AA
ms
lthe Sure
er
' Ts pure Cocoa, and not made by
Sit
ma Ithe so-called "Dutch Process."
- Walter Baker ? Co.'s Break
`lio fast Cocoa is a lsolute/y pure - no
mcemica WALTER DAKER & CO., Ltd., Dorchester, Mas.
ler
the *-----------_..___-____-_______________
ed
ley a wW llW b the ae of the
rm hpge bok sent pe ultpe tr
' No. isa stamp by the 001K
re- PUBLISNIO N OUsE,
ed 134 Lnard Ytreet, NY. YCity, for it .rse the purp the grat eay
nl mleam a headse tiess the Ic. asbed It 1i empletely I3.ao, makis she totu e
I' mtamly vala. Withb this vale.- able boak you have a world b aW.
leh r e al ye our ' u le endsa, a n u a aenly eupply a lack of1 sUta l .
iea taal aIrstages. When reading, don't yOU costantly come seres a
ud oruse ftl to understoand? Isn't N0. a small amont to pay for having obh haoew
at head? Do you know who Crasas was, and where he lived Who built the Pymai
whe Thatsaad trave 113 toot per seoad? What is the beget rim verI the gwory?
oe Nm Pale festd theo espas is 11I, end who Maao Pole was? What the Gere as.
uL abs L s t u,..,,_ *
5u L Lroot#1a~~la 1lr
t -
DR. O. T. DOZIER,
(The Renowned Southern ).peclalist.)
I rnlminglanin, Aln.
Sttr'essfuIll treats. at offlice or BY MAIlI
all friiis iof I lronic Nervous, lIod. Skin
and Privale Diseases of Men and VWomen.
CURES GUARANTEED.
All c'hroinlc lisenacs of Lungs. Lirver
Heairt. Kidney. ]laldihr. aril at ll diseases oa
the (eniteh-l'rnlry organis are in iiy line of
lira, tire. Dlleasts pe,'uliar to wiomen. and
all :elitreal dle:,scus of either sex positively
cured by niili and safe remeilles. lItpidi
inits ' to inarriigt. as Strbiture. 'ari.u
t'le. I Itupt1et.1 :lltsistlns lland nll evil re
s!,lts f scfllf-alseoir excessivt lldulgence
quiikly iland permaniii ntl y cured. I guaran
ite" Sltlliltalin in every s:lec I trent. iMy
va:tl'ile. "lhtkl f, r Mien Only.'" and Syoip
toim Il.anks for nun or womni will be selt
frt-, in plalin, seled e nvelipe to all who
apptly. 'I oii tatuion free. whether lu per
in itr Iby lett r.
A FEW EXTRACTS FROM PRESS ENDORSEMENTS
lhtndreds more of like eharacter. and
thousands of high testmonia:ls from pa
tients can be furnished if necessary.
I ttlants (onstltition 1
Dr. O. T. Dwlzher., the head of the isuthern Medical
,iipensary of Itirntlnghare. Ala., Is a specialist of
ie.irly twe',ty } ears' experience In the treatment of
1 'chrlle,. th'tri ous and lpivrtit discoes and hsl hi
f. rm sui sets h ,s given bill a leadlng postlin In the
?asinli OGuide.!
Dr. Di lir rnn be relied upon to treat diseases In
the nr pit suceessful manner, and he is knowu all
over t5 550uth.
(The Southern Odd Fellow.)
We.annotadd anythlng to the reputation Dr.
O T , ozler has aIreay aeqItied In the line of his
pPreasl tn. but we know hSim to be abrother Odd
,l iiw th t can be relied on to carry out every
I ,romle he makel 1to those need:ug his service..
( Age Herald )
S Dr. Doater bai reidlled for many yqar. L
ii!rmtutham, and ach suresalye Year has addel to
his reputation,. to his usefulness and to the eteeln
In which he Is held by our beat citizens. His i ng
reconrd and alpproved abllltes entitle him to the
Iloud distinction of standing at "the head of his
profeailou.'"
teopls Weekly rlelbunet.
As a TFecllalilt Dr. lzler Is unexteilled by any
living physliln Hl e i a neorgian by birth,
a hlgtl turel. cultured. (hrimA'angeIIthenan. Itrictly
hione;t I all I a Ir silug and , Rinaulaly reaponl..l
Dr Dt Daer ewt . innlngharm.
Dr. Dolr I psNT Ira cn a. d silrgen ofr edetloll,
n kill and experlence. a Man of culture and hlgh
literary attainments ant5 a gentleman respected by
all whit know him He e:an be relied on in all mat
IS teers pertaining to his I rofesalon.
H ilabsmi C'Arlsttan Advocate.)
peachable and his haracter as a gentleman and
citizen Is above re roach.
Addro: s
w DP,,. T. DOZIER.
Lock. Box 112, BlYIuaOLIAx, ALA.
An DEAFNESS
M And Head 'olis relieved
Sby Uting Vil-on'. i:om.
w, -- - 'an e ae r lram.
l New eentlile Invention,
different from ll other d.
vice. The only safe, m
1t Ip. imfortane ad lnvl
Ear Dunm in tho
world. Helppwhe .dl
Sel skIII falls. No win or
string attaehment. Write
s- for pamphlet. !see.
is WILSON EAR DRUM CO..
1y 141 Truis 11dg., Loelsvllle. Ky.
SATANTED-State and local agents, male
and female. Those having had mum
c'ient experience to warrant their taklng
charge-oflarge territory will do well to ad
d'ess ,a at once. We are in a position to suit
almost every-biy, both as toterrltory and
terms. A modlernani takingplan. ick and
death benefits \\'rite foi terms. Union
Beneficial Association, Ribson Building,
Trenton, N. J.
Postage  D R tagR l, ChI speak for itgei .
Poutage e. DK y. PRKEY, Chlcago, Ils.
PI TE eTS ears' experience. Send sketch
lIoPE e advice. i,. Deane, late prin. c.
aumneer V. N Patent oiluce.i Diusz
t A WI&vKUt, atcrll Building, Waahlngton, D. C.