LoISIA POPULIST.
R ]TIRED AT THE NATC'HITOCHES POST
OFFICE AS SECO\D-CLAiS MATTEYR.
PUBLISHED EVERY FRIDAY MOR.I.. G.
$. L. BRIAN, - - - Editor.
W. H. AREAUX, - - - Publisher.
SUdSCRIPTION--One Year.................$1 00
" Six Months.............. SO
" Four Months............. 40
ADVBTISING BATES.
"s1nen. I1 s mos mol 8 mo 1 eor.
1 inch 20nt500 50 11 00 15 00
2 inchis 500 00 050 1500 20 00
Sinbches 7 00 11 00 12 50 100 25 00
4 ines 14 00 14 00 1500 u 30 00
5 luhes 1000 100 17 00 2700 2s 00
S inehes 1150 1900 1000 00 40 00
7 inshes 13 50 200 2 100 3 00 44 00
S inches on00; 22 o00 24 00 SO 00 49 00
1 elanin 40 00 5 00 55 00 6500 100 00
Transient advertisements, $1 per square first In
sertion; each subsequent insertion 50 cents per
al or legal advertfsements. f1 per square
Aet Insertion; each subsequent Insertion 50 conts
per square,
Lorealdvertisement, 10 cents per line.
Iditerial notices. flret Insertion. 15 cents per
lines subsequently 10 cents pr line.
,CemounnlOatlons are solicited. but we wi notbe
isponsible for any views therein expressed.
Address all c~nmnications to the Business
Mnager. Communications must be sent in by
Communrations Intended for publication should
ae seepnlepnied by the real as well as the assumed
n;ne of the author. not for pqblication but as an
evidenee of good faith on the ppt of the writer;
Asltie to o so will consign them to the waste
bane.
Sit AY, February 26, 18g7.
The Opera House in Monroe was
burned on the night of 23rd. In
snrainc $0000.
The Supreme Court has not yet
habded down its decisions in the
Jones-Freeman and Whiskey Li
ceses cases.
Well. Well I The Enterprise has
found out about the washout in the
Natebitoches and t.B. V. railroad,
whi4b, we published on January
22nd, and gives it as news to its
readers this week, February 25th.
Presa dispatches claim that Con.
sal General Lee has sent in his ree
ignt fon tfn Havana, because
Oleeland refuses to protect Amer.
Smein COuba from wholesale batch.
e al Weyler.
in . ,ei idescendesded from two I
*Iets of the declaration of iide. I
a~aee, and thanks, to his line. I
Zag Ilas a little patriotism left in I
btlood.
h'e E'i:terprise sase "a large
mi of ied lie waiting," at
t 3oret the repair of the rail,
S-- · . transportaion here., A
: r artimeasuring cotton seed.
0 iW~vrs million would be a':
,r oyet there must be'
. that ti3 t a aingle ton. I
A ber disciple nf Fosterism ]
.oqp wit a large ehortage in
ip a txmoney. This timee
;gedear to th heriet ofl
atturwrngthe-State
,:I rt.:iaq, rmlI
thrtlf *
·~u.' ·'. ~ ·~
~taZrttidt
icl
4;
Correct It.
There has arisen a misunder
standing of the methods of apply
ing the $65,000 to the relief of the
drouth sufferers by the Millsaps
committee.
This misunderstanding is gotten
up and encouraged by papers that
know better, but which are preju
diced against the Millsaps commit
tee and wouldn't approve anything
that committee did.
This misunderstanding is doing
the cause of the sufferers much
harm, as will be seen by the fol
lowing from the Franklin News, of
St. Mary Parish:
"People who were charitably in
clined, and who would have con.
tributed largely in excess of the
amount credited to this parish, had
it not been for this traffic in mis
fortune. If it is proper to sell
the corn sent there for purposes of
relief, the right certainly exists for
the sale of meal, meat, flour and
other things contributed for the
benefit of the poor, for if Mr.
Millsaps is clothed with the arbi
trary power to sell any one article,
he certainly, under the same exist
ing conditions, can demand money
or promises for anything that pass
es through his hands.
This traffic in peop le's misfor
tunes will not do. The right to
speculate is not coupled with the
contributions sent forth. Every
thing sent to North Louisiana
should be distributed among those
Who need it most, in the same
spirit in which it was given."
This paper honestly believes that
donations forwarded to the Mill
saps committee have been sold to
the sufferer, when nothing of the
kind has been done.
A laree part of the $65,000 ap
propriated by the State was spent
for corn and meat, which was do
nated to the most extreme cases-
we don't know just what propor
tion' was spent this way, about
$1500 worth of it came to this par
ish. ,The balance of the appro
priation is being used to pay a
rear of the freight on corn pur
chased by the Millsaps committee,
but with money raised by the suf
ferers and by those who choose to
advance it to them at a reasonable
interest not to exceed 10 per cent.
Corn can be secured in this way
by people, .who are absolutely
without, but who have a credit, at I
30 cent4 per bushel, whereas it
would cost them 60 to 75 cents in
the usual way.
Nobody pretends that this is
helping the absolutely destitute,
but it is helping thousands who
would soon be. destitute, and cut
ting the helpless down to the low
eat possible number, and these lat
tor ones are receiving all the dona
tions free without money and with
out price.
Not only so, but in this parishI
the committees who have spent
days and even weeks in measuring
,out and distributing such.donations
have done, so without charge, - al
"hough they did not share in the
La th papers correct this erwo
neonas fimpreseuonwhich is dhmpen
lng the arder of the good people
of South Louisiaha, who have
done and are doing such noble
charity. __ .-_______
--'
Foir-handred thoasand dollars
to Bayou Plaqwemine. The new
'house appropriation bill contains
. abe it(em, ,which will greatly
~t wavIgation when the Plaque.
, aromnpleted..-,Sgar
Journal, New Orleans.
ad amny re teertile.
,oa e river wouild
s 1 t o at any theitt, of_
~, $udawo not ovarflow
*n d1a se toooish
* o lfMnt oost es*
'4 .
Isle Brevelle.
(Written for the Item.)
The person traveling up or down
Cane river, will observe 'the pecu
liarities in manner, dress and dia
lect of the mixed blooded popula
tion of Isle Brevelle. Here is a
people who form a society and
a world of their own. Descended
rom the early French settlers,
and Indian and negro blood com
bined, and here and there a dash of
Spanish, they live apart from all
other people of their country.
The mixed blooded Cieole of Isle
Brevelle is as primitive a people
as their ancestors, the Acadians,
who were brought South by the
British long, long ago. They are
all ardent Catholics, and the church
at Isle Brevelle Mission is crowded
every Sunday with them. In eve
ry community some patriach tries
the differences, and settles disputes;
and no matter how the disputes
are being waged, his personi is sa
cred, and his word law. The
houses are mostly all adobe, or
mud walls, white-washed. They
are fond of dancing, music and
gay dressing, and some magnificent
types of brunette beauty are found
among them. And they are, as a
rule, rigidly virtuous. At a dance
will be seen a big fire in the yard,
and a big pot of gumbo on it,
which, with cafe noir, is served
steaming hot to guests at intervals,
This gumbo is made from boiling
fresh meat or game with the pul
verized leaves and stems of a dwarf
sassafras, which growson the hills,
and whither these people go in
great numbers at the proper season
to gather it. The language spo
ken is a patois, or a dailect which
is a puzzle to any linguist. For "I
don't know" the Isle Brevelle mit
ed-blood says: "Mo pas coinais."
In "The Captain's Story" Mrs.
Townsend displays a knowledge of
this dialect. The finest cooks of
our State are in Isle Brevelle, and
they can beat the San Antonio Mex
ican making tamales. Thg Isle
Brevelle tamale is made of highly
seasoned chopped meats, and meal
made from corn treated with lye to
remove the husk and pounded in a
mortar. Their coffee is unexcell
ed and if you call at a house, the
coffee mill is promptly set agoing.
and you are handed a cup of cafe
noir, such as you will always re
member; that is, if you are on
good terms jwith Jean Baptiste.
The Cane river lands are above
overflow, and this, with their great
fertility, has created a great de
mand for them, and with the in
flux of population great changes I
have been wrought, but these pe
culiar people will not associate with l
the negro; do not wish, or try to
have any social communication with
the whites, and are as primitive
to-day as an hundred vears ago.
Men may come, and men may go,
but no changes are recorded in the
habits and appearance of these
folks. Bright strings of pepper
and mats of plaited garlic hang
on the walls, and the wooden mor
tar and pestle are seen at every
home. Baptoche, the great hun
ter, lived in Isle Brevelle and hunt
ed' as the wildest and ;greatest
hunter of his time. Carroll
Jones lived in Isle Brevelle; he
was an inveterate horse, racer.
Carroll was. bdrn it slave and
bought his freedom. His house
on Cane riverwas headlquarters for
horse drivers and race horse men
traveling through that country.
Hle owned a fine plantation and a
good and roomy dwelling on it.
Horse racihg is indulged in to a
great extent in Isle Brevelle, and
at the 24-mile ferry nearly every
Sunday are congregated hundreds
of people. Stands are erected,
and coffee, pies, cakes, pop, ani
sette and other refreshments are
sold. loome of these Creole borse
es :are very fleet, and can beat
good hbrsees at short distances
three of four arpents are popular
distances. Carroll owned many
fast horses in his day. 'He owned
the noted sprinter Creole, and a
veryfast horse, which he sold to
Clayton, and Creoleproved a horse
of rare speed. Carroll matched a
oion:thi. New Orleans track be
tWeen Creole and Nettie, the latter
owned by a Kansas rlan The no
tedJian Jrown (since killed by the
police 4t the famousnGarliel4,race
tihck hidhesago), ptt uip a job on
rl l and sutccteede' in puttingl
ider on who hal4 him and
Icstb; . r .Carroll: ip a race
:t *emi~ iI,.Mis . as.ort time
dlm death.:. Tins race , wai
L to, -
..tQ~
ins an(1d puttgin ppepper b.:neath aI
cock's wings and sol),pinW the nel
feathers to make the "hbill hlt"
slip. The old sta. route rein up
Cane river and a strnl) wss at the 24
mile fei'ry. The old saloon is in
t4act; the old billiard tuale, long in
nocent of baize, and the cushions
dead years ago, i, still to be seen
at the 24 mile ferry. Old Charlie
Dupre lives at the 24 mile ferry
and does the watch tinkering and
gem fixing for the country. He
has a collection of gems of every
conceivable ipattern, each with a
history, anti clocks and watches,
pistols and swords and knives of
all description, some of which sug
gest Lafitte's pirates. His shon is
a veritable old curiosity shop.
And old Charles tells many rich
tales of the people who came and
went, and the stage drivers; of
deeds of daring done by ante bel
lum people in those old days of
klng ago. It is a beautiful coun
try, being the finest of alluvial
lands and above overflow. The
long blue line of timber, rising
like a cloud in the dim distance, is
the pine woods beyond the Texas
and Pacific Railroad. These peo
ple are, as a rule, honest, law
abiding and good citizens. They
are a very emotional people, and
are devoted to each other in sick
ness. They are wary of strang
ers coming in their midst, as the
"red-necked Mexican" has taught
them many costly lessons in ho±,se
racing and business affairs, too.
Some large plantations have been
divided among heirs until strips
and gores of land 60 feet wide
and a mile long are common. Fam
ily names ar3 multiplied until they
no longer use them except in legal
processes. One woman goes by
the name of Madame Raoul; her
husband is known as Raoul Jerome,
his real name being Raoul Sarpy;
but is called by his father's given
name to distinguish the many bran
ches of the family name. As a
rule these people are a unit on all
questions, as well as polities and
religion. Many strange and inter
esting tales are told by the firesides
of these people, and handed from
father to son. They are patriotic
and by one of a like race the bullet
which killed Parkenham at the
battle of New Orleans was fired.
Although thrown in contact with
other people for nearly a century,
these people have preserved their
identity, and one can go among
them and imagine the villages of
Grand Pre are around him and that
be is visiting the home of Evan
geline and Gabriel. So peculiar
are they that I know that even if
blind-folded and transported there
-in the old adobe house, the cy
press and other vines, the strings
of bright pepper and garlic on the
wall, the old wooden mortar and
pestle, and the pigeons circling
around the buildings-I would re
cognize the abode of Jean Baptiste
in Islo Brevolle. J. E. 1)U''NN.
The National Reform Press As
soclation met at Memphis, Tenn.,
or the 2~d inst, Mr. J; T.
Howell of Baton Rouge, member
of the National Committee of the
People's party, was in attendance,
and kindly consented to represent
the Louisiana Populist in the As
sociation, as well as the Populists
of this State in the conferences
held. We could not have been
better represented, and we exipect
to hear a very entertaining report
of the meeting on Mr. Howell's
return.
TD G IIaIESTI OP aLLE wlInma.
The Ideal
Remedy h
*uharsh Ikwyea, keter, aa
uma aa wmaaf mt.w tae lo.
tim ssepMr as
i)r. King's
Royal
Germetucr
Sn sl asmur m sandn e nelar.
: gillliIb eth p IA
ItmasmtpEI tNal om.sS ti
I IIIo eIS . ha.
puifii , at,,,t:hsqi &,iws
m~pb,.gUS#,MEP Ih
*A~iwsm~auoa&T 3:
'i~d~tAii UIU-- Li
V -Il~~l~t'ttttll d C~~kts
)4EW STORE,I
NEW GOODS. ^i ý J5
4Q 'MNEW PRICES.
Having decided that Natchitoches needs a real live, hust
ling, all round Merchant-a man who wants trade, and
will work for it-we have put up a large stock of bran,
new purchases, and adding to it every day.
. ................... ........
Dry Goods, Groceries,
Hardware, Crockerywatc, Glass-:
ware, Cutlery, Boots, Shoes, Hats,:
Caps, hotions & Fancy Groceries.:
We buy our koods for spot cash, and will ruin the
man who under sells us.
We buy country produce and pay cash or goods for it.
We want your trade and will give you a bargain for it.
F' Country Trade especially solicited. B
LICIITENSTEIN BUILDING,
rront Street. Natchitoches. La.
J. C. BURNSIDE.
ESTABLISHED IN 1889.
General Insurance Agency.
U. P. BREAZEALE,
Successor to
ALEXANDER, HILL & BREAZEALE.
Representing FIRST-CLASS COMPANIES in
LIFE AND FIRE INSURANCE.
Representing also the UNITED STATES FIDELITY and GUAR
ANTY CO., of Baltimore, for Bonds and Securities.
Prompt Attention to Business. Country Business
a Specialtye
Office on St. Denis St., Natclhitoches, La,
Call on me before placing your insurance elsewhere.
U. P. ]BREAZEALE.
ONLY BU DIRECT OP MANUPAOTURRRaS.
$40 BUGGIES, ROAD VEHICLES nd
WAGONS, SURREY5 of AUl Kinds
eoupon Shipped anywhere to anyone at WHOLEALB PRICE.
OS 01P OUR aXTRAaoDINARY 5*a la0 s
RAD0 DoSo0IPTION OlAMPULLY
PIANO Or COBNINGBOD, END or BBaWTnR Spring8 ,
s or-4 bow LEAtHER QUABTEE Top, Patent ourtai
fasteners, head lining of best wool dyed cloth, corded
seams and closed dusters in quarters, Solu PANxL
SPaetG BACK, cloth or fancy leather trimmings,
wing cushions, Sarven wheels, with 16 spokes, of
N1 12 TOP BUGOGY 6 in, tread, 15-16 in. double collar steel axle,.
swodged and fantail bed, 4 and 6 lead oil-tempered
springs of best quality. Body is 22. in. wide by 52 in. long, made of best seasoned lumber
ash frame and poplar panels, thoroughly glued, screwed and plugged. Double reohb, ironed
fall length. All forgings, clips, bolts. etc., made of best Norway iron. Painting and irta
frst-elase throughout. .Bodies painted a rich black, gears Brewster green, black or earmine,
handsomely striped. Each buggy complete with shafts, leather dash boot, storm apron,
carpet, anti-rattlers, etc. A written Warradty with eaoh buggy.
$45.00 is our SPECIAL WHOLEBALt PBIic for this da buggy.
SNever before sold for less, but to introduce our work in your
Coupon No. 2761 locality we have deooded to make a sptcial coupon offer giving
;every reader of this paper an opportunity to get a strieiy ft
GOD 1OB class $75.oo buggy at the lowest price ever offered. On reeip of
" 0 $40.00 and coupon we will ship thiB handsome buggy, securely
Q' \f e, packed and crated and delivered on boardcs. Do not mirs this
opportunity to get a thoreoughly High Grade Up-to-Date Buggy at
It sent with Order the lowest price ever offered. Remembet we donotofterit luas a
for "cheap bauggy," but as a strictbly high-grade vehicle. If ou want
e No. 120 Top Baggy * a heaper bunry or some other style, wrieforpou.l agill utrated
or Ir catalogue showing 0too dierent syles of Vehiles, arness to,
We can sell you a top bgary as low as a.o00, better ones for M.M
Ne. 343 Road Wagon and upwards. Money refunded if not as represehted after lrrivl
4 - and examination, Coupon must poitlyt s~ ooompran the r der
to obtain this special price.
,, --------oN
BOAD WAGONS-We have all styles, but
this one is the meost popular. Any dealer This Elegant Read Wa1es Aft0
will ask you $45.00 for it. Our wholesale wITH coupn
poe Is $80.00. 8endas $o5.00 and coupon ..
and it is yours. Guaranteed to be made of
selected material thoroughly seasoned
best end or side sprinas, Barven an
wheels, oloth or EvRan's leather trmmings,
double reach ironed full length, 1-16 in.
drop xles, patent leather dash, painting
bodblael gea Brewster reen orcarmine ,
loely striped, and finely fnishedthrolrgh
nt. AwrLttena wrranty with each waagon
and money refuanded if not as represented,.
Order at onsae. Prices will be higher net No. a.s oAD WAGO,
season. Address ((in ftr,)
CASIH BUYERS' UNION,
18 W. Van Burg. St., BX, 2767,;CLbMa1pt
, u .a4, o °
!
Jno. M.. TUCEE, PLesidcnt. D. C. ScnRsBooUQr, Secretary
JNO. A BAtaLow, Treasurer and General Manager.
GIVYANOVICH OIL COMPANY, Limited.
*-MANACU4RERs AND DEALEnS IN ALL KIND8 OF
COT ON SEED PRODUCTS,
rA c 'OCHEr, . ". LOU1SAINA.
The ONLY 2 OCaliblre Repeater on the market.
f )Made in all lengths and styles, regular and TAKE OlR *
.1ct I , , uSjri the .32-J and .11-55 is the s~rougcst and best repeatermad
" l n califbwow. ~ Kri or W talogliN to
j ' Z)JPiLn 1594 readr , THE MARLIN FIRE ARMS O.,
In .e' so.ma a-40 and i,4l. New Haven, Confi..
Ty) IA 1i.N RUST REPELLLER to precsivo guns and all metal work, 15 OetS p., ttbS .
tconad 1 a s ce in 6tamps and we will mail you a pack of higheit q2LltTI 1&
csri~hSpo itIY
: ·· · ·~- L·--' ...-