Spring Medicine
Or, in other words, Hood's Sarsaparilla, " My little girl has always had a poor
is a universal .need. IU good health is to alrpetiti. I have given her Hood's Sarsapa
be expected during the coming season the rilla, and since I have given it to her she has
blood must be purified now. All the had a good appetite and she looks well. I
germs of disease must be destroyed and have been a great sufferer with headacheh and
the bodily health built up. Hood's Sar- rheumatism. I have taken Hood's Sarsapa
saparilla Is the only true blood purifier lilla. I am now well arid have gained in
prominently in the public eye to-day. strength. My husbandl was very sick and all
Therefore Ilood's Sarsaparilla is the best run down. 1 decrld to give him Itoo l's
medicine to take in the spring. It will Sarsaparilla and he be..an to gain, and now
heip Wondderfully in eases of weaklless, he has got so he works every day." Mos.
nervousness, ni all diseases caused by itu- ANNIE DtUNLAP, 355 E. 4th St., S. Boston,
pure blood. Remember Mass. Get only flood's, because
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is. the Only
True Blood Purifier
To Temper Aluminum.
.. A Canadian named Allard has in-_
vented a method of tempering alumi
num which, it is claimed, will make
that metal adaptable for heavy ar
ttllery.- It has all the needed quali
ties of tensile strength, but has been
useless for.firearms because its duc
tility m.d softness make it easily sub
ject to dents, which would make the
discharge of the weapon dangerous.
'~he Most Wonderful Discovery of the
Age
Read the following letter, which was written In
response to an inquiry of a lady to one who bht
been uslt my safl Guard Pastilles. I omitted
names because ladies do not care to have their
names published. I will furnish you any number
of names on application;
MMa - : I received your letter of Inquiry
last night. Indeed. it affords me much pleasure
to furnish any Information for my sister in the
flesh. by wMhch she can be .healed. I have been
ulng Dr. Abendroth's safe Guard Pastllles three
months. I can and do say the medicine has done
me more good than anything I have ever used I
have been afleted aorely with female trouble for
.v .. thlrl4no (13) years. I need not tell you anytlhing
about Iy shbering but will sIay i uffered deathb
Numbers of times I could not do my work; could
not walk very far without almost death. Already
I am up doing my own housework and walking
over the town. Indeed, I think they will help you,
and you need not be afraid to use them, for they
re harmless. You have to lanser them and have
only to follow Iastructl6ns of enclosed circular.
Hope you may use the medicine, and that yuu
asy get a speedy relief. let me hear from you
after uslag the medletne for a time. I am your
esister, respectfully, MIR. - .
"P. 8.-Slceg using this medicine ve ulcers
have passed from me, and they without pain "
If your Druggist does not keep Dr. F. Aben
droth'a Safe Guard Pastllles In stock. write to me
direct. Price, 1.00 per box, or 6 boses for L.00J.
For etreulars and further Information address
DlR. F. AENDIROTH. p01 Washtngton avenue.
corner ILve Oak street, Dallas, Tex.
The man in the moon smiles until some
body shuts his light off.
Other remedies meay
ST. JJCOBS OIL
HAVE YOU FIVE.OR MORE COWS
It- s ma " baby" ream Seprator will earn its cost for
yon every year. Why continue an Inferior system
yal iteature of Agriculture. Properly co
Vucted it p=y! We, and must Pay you. You
M,.a ..and oo ned the RLr,- the
upuad. Bead for new ltb ýt Lue. ' T
THE DE LAVAL SEPARATOR CO.,
.Ml OUes: msea 0e1 aw:
ELSI. ILL. "74 COITT ST., NEW YORK.
WORD BUILDING CONTEST.
5 PRIZES.
GRAND PRIZE-FINEST CHICKERING PIANO .... 70o.oo0
ad Prize-Sidebar buggy.............. 150.00
~d Prize- Pneumatic Tire Bicycle..... 85.00
4th Prise-A Diamond Ring.......... 75.00
5th Prize-A Moline Farm Wagon. .... 60.00
*.' 5 PRIZES---TOTAL VALUE.......... ... $1,120,00
The aove prizes are oferer to those
Who coeotruct or form the largest num
ber of words out of the letters found to
the prlswog.
R-E-P-U-T-A-T-I-O-N
1 Da T1r48R Rl nuteas:
ltrat-Ithe lt prt wili be Va b t Fi ,. Mb-ach conterstnt must become a
ltJae ist. 0 thesee _ b tueft be horber to the Omaha Weekly W'orld
t U so ea N t.ea for ono year. and must send his
teo i ta at weei ast be writ- ollar to py for his subscription with his
',nls of wo.ds... v .y contestant whose list con
See et a a ny lust~as thirty words, whether he
who.a t s os.ws a prize er at, we receive a port
dWeh. od a b wltsh folio cotaWehg hasiomne photo engraved
fM aunt Osd dictloar. copies of teen famous paintings-sise
f twee same Wletter must not be of each pture l nches, with his
ea be twea t ss wob.olete tor ote ten dayinting.s aft
err. paei sea not.ea- nlug lIts toatala te. eame number of
seew words the ees that Is firt received will
Fenath-the mae bstr must not he be gien preterece.
o Ttiwice In o wword. ate f letter Eigwhth-Pries wit be awarded and
es it sineoas twice in the prne word, the oontest cloos
The Omaha Weekly World-Herald is the great free silver
colaes family papet of the nortbweit It* editor is Hon. W. J.
Bryan-the ch smpio of silver, who has just retired from con
." e. Ibis publilah. two parts, ade of eight pages on Tues
y' sa d the-o.oer of four pages on Friday of .each week, hence
it I. .lmost.Ras.1gami a daily for news. Its agrlcultral page
Seibed boG W. dits literary department, its house
. .. storimes make it a welcome visitor in
apy .- eo sh-;: Saqrip-tles priei'L 00 per year. Address-
WORLD-HERALD,
S. .. Omaha, Neb
'F~~·'~M
- t
*sfBIUU5~erks-'Vaan
A 1lee Calculatlon,.
An engineer has pointed out that
one inch of rain falling upon an area
of one square mile is equivalent to
nearly 17,500.000 gallons weighing
145,200,)000 pounds, or 72.600 tons.
Assuming this water to have fallen
from clouds about a half a mile, or
say 300J feet high, we have for the
energy represented by it about 22,000
horse power. With pumping ma
chinery working at the low rate of
consumption of two pounds of coal
per horse power per hour it would
take 200 gross tons of coal to raise
the water represented by one inch of
rain on a souare mile to the assumed
height of 3000 feet. As a matter of
fact, rain often falls from clouds
which areat a much greater height
than 300) feet above the ground, so
that the figures just given are quite
conservative ones.
The supreme court of California
has decided that the holder of a
through railroad ticket has a right to
stop-over privileges.
He Lacked the Nerve.
We will mail at once, free of charge.
upon receipt of name and address, a
package of beautifully illustrated cards
explaining just how and why men fre
quently suffer from nervous troubles
that prevent them from doing the right
thing at the right time. Address, men
tioning this paper, the Sterling Remedy
company, 10 Spruce st., New York, or
45 Randolph street, Chicag,, 11U
The truth constantly coutiuues to grow
in importance.
WSCALPER
do Mds ý1 1ýdttý "I R ad
i-- m_ A! "s 14.: .
IlIUM. -'
U.&hwb· r.~L~ J rm~
A LITERARY (GHO L.;
DESPISABLE CREATURE WOULD
NOT BE MISSED.
He Is a Most Audacious Wretch-fie
Defaces Your Treasures, ('osts You
No Endl of Worry and P'erhaps Steoas
Tour Books.
From time to time a plaintiff letter
addressed to the papers, or an adver
tisement peremptorily assertive, re
minds us of the existence of the literary
thief, the wolf in sheep's clothing, who
borrows books from his friends, and
hastens not to return them. The fact
of his being a friend makes it the more
annoying. If he were an acquaintance
merely, a letter beginning Sir or
Madam, indeed a printed form. demand
ing the return of specilled volumes,
might be forwarded to him when a de
ceuit iime after the loan had been made
had elapsed. tBut seeing that he is
something more, he must be treated as
such. Even a hint may he taken with
resentment; the narrow line separating
excellent good camaraderie from o,ut
raged feelings is so easily bridged that
bold indeed is he who endeavors tt re
cover his severed property by s l(h a
humble sentence as "If you hay', quite
finished with it Lor them) I sh,'jlld like
to have that book or (thse I (,,ks) of
mine back, please.
Among the minor irritations of book
lending, the usage they receive at the
hands of borrowers may surely count.
Some people swathe all their volumes in
brown paper or linen, rendering their
shelves unsightly in order to preserve
the backs of their volumes. Others likeI
and encourage the signs of age and
usage that oft-read and handled books
gain, just as the toilworn hands of
faithful servants, or the gray hairs of
devoted parents, touch and please
them. But in the same way that they
would hate upon either signs of ill
treatment, the bleary eyed and bloated
countenance, so upon their books do
they resent tributes of unfair usage at
the hands of their friends. Breathes
there the man or woman upon whom the
sight of a blotch of ink, the circle of a
dirty tea cup or saucer, or meaningless
indefinite scratches upon even a half
favorite tome would not produce revul
sion and extreme annoyances? Yet the
book ghoul hesitates not to place these
impressions of his connection with his
friend's property upon it, with the con
sequence that when the self-sacrificial
lender of books receives them back
I again, he has to put up with, and bear
as best he can, the outrages to" which
the volumes have been subjected. One
sympathizes with the rule made by
some people, indulgent enough to lend,
indeed, but not of faith sufficient to
lend unguardedly, who, with the vol
ume issues the proviso: "Please cover
while you read it."
There is a book ghoul of the exterior
and there is a book ghoul of the interior
Sometimes, indeed, he is in combina
tion, and then, alas and alack. the day
for the unfortunate owner! For, in ad
dition to the horrible treatment just
mentioned, he makes the further out
rage of dog-ears and penciled passages,
nay, even of commentaries, and, more
horrible still, of thumb marks scrawled
upon the margins. Audacity pure and
simple is it for a man or a woman to
write upon the book that is lent, unless
-and the exception must be most nar
rowly taken-the friendship that exists
between owner and borrower is of the
closest and longest character. For, be
it recollected, that apart from the un
sightliness of marginal marks, there is
in ambiguity about them that is exces
sively irritating to the next reader of
the book and those who follow. Why
should this passage or that word be
scored? Can any one, save the near
friend, even guess the reason? It is un
fair to the author and unfair to the pe
ruser, as well as unfair to the possessor
of the book, to mark it. The result is
the taking off of the next reader's
thoughts from the subject matter of the
volume, the undue excitement and be
wildermentof his mind and the deface
ment of the pages-three unpleasant
and undesirable happenings.
Marked by its owner a book is not de
faced. His marginal notes, his scored
passages, are but the testimonies of his
regard or interest for that which he has
read. Hesets down reminders upon the
pages of happY studious hours, and
should his friend who loves him be
privileged to see the copy and his marks
the deep interest he feels In him will re
elve a spur, light will be thrown upon
his character, and a metaphorical hand
clasp will result. For to know those we
love is surely highest bliss, and perhaps
this suitable way of making his ac
luaintance beyond the husk of his outer
personality, besides being a most en
chanting method, Is also a sure one.
Herein is set forth the great difference
between an owner and a borrower. The
conduct of both must be different en
tirely. Alas!- this undoubted truth is
only too often forgotten.
Why. after all, should books be bor
rowed? Why should they not? may
very well be asked. Of course, one's
humanitarian principles would teach us
that they should; but when a privilege
is so grossly mishandled as it is, the first
question forces itself upon one. Plct
ures are not borrowed, neither are car
pets or chairs, or clothes. What Im
pertinence most of us would think it
were we suddenly asked to lend our
treasured Millais, our Chelsea figure, or
our piece of Chippendale. Yet our Mil
ton goes-and perhaps never returns
and no more is left to us than to sigh
and perhaps to advertise, or, if to re
ceive again, in all likelihood in other
guise than when it left us, and with a
friendship severed.
For Savtag the Czar's Life.
It is understood in Russian court dcir
cles that Prince George of Greece, who
so gallantly saved the car's life In
Japan, will shortly accept a high post
in the Russian navy. The prince is the
favorite of all the members of the Dan
Ish royal family, not the least of the
princess of Wales, on whom he is gen
erally in attendance and pilots on a trl
cycle when at Fredensborg, in Den
mark.
Athleties Amrng Womreo
The athletic woman has superseded
che refined gentlewoman. Our women
now are continuously engaged in vio
leat exerclse. Huntlnlg, golf, lawn ten
nis, 'blicycling,. and skating should
make them healthy and strung. Lut
do they? There has been in Parls a
rage for bicycllng, and it appears that
the doctors ar me now adyising theia fair
ti~mp is diLsctlue the qua
7h+ Itatlin laborer.
Industrious and frugal Italian la
borers are the special victims of va
. ious schemers who ruthlessly prey
ipon them through every available
avenue. The commonest means of
9eclng these poor fellows are the
.ocal banks that di.appear in a night
atn the dishonest labor agents. The
Italian laborer is reached also by
lp'ciolls offers of -*forty acres and a
211ule" or a suburban home, and as
:he Italian has the land-owning and
come-making instinct. he is peculiar
y subject to the wiles of the land
agent.
SMammals of Florida.
The mammals of Florida, as ,n im
:rated by Frank M. (hanman in a
recently prepared list, embrace fifty
three species and sub-species, ex
clusive of water animals. The larg
est forms are the Virginia deer, the
black bear, the puma and the wolf,
/ho last being nearly extinct. A
leaf-nosed bat, probably an accidental
visitant, is the only West Indian spe
cies.
At out all the defeated candidate ha
le't is a crot' to pick with his friends.
Ask Aid,
Itf ou are trO'4l'c. t itn li.t.alrrl., constipation,
i.Lou,1 411 4,, lacyi trou:ic or d>spe p4i. of
11, tcitt-r s .mtuutach li5tter,, arnt it ,il t,,
-1.redjilly forl t lt homling SNr4,utn essl Il4 i of1
uip i tlte ll41 sleep. and a l,,., or , l;o:. ar 1- al,
lTtlteeldt, d I,; L:i, restorattl,4 I'Lt) 1 ta4s of
04.n1 1,t le- liit4 4r5e it. a ,ti1JU4l4 ' CO4 4r4i'I.l£ il Ut
tIC 4t41l4 1t of ti4e ipopl0t 1i1l thae pre4ss. .ase
Ther4e+ s ill tii, ,tored solmething Ietter
than auit,enment.
If the Babsy is Cutting Teeth.
e sure an4 tae t:.t 5, ,i an well i tiled rcmedy, Has.
A'L.SLOW'4 SuTlhI\i) s51 t'4 fr Childrern Tecthl
Appeara:h .< o, a lo41. ways. They are
4n14et011e4, llt 4,f silhlt
MAtv rersons are Iroien down from
overwork or houlsehold cares. Brown's
Iron Bitter, relui:ds the system, aids di
gesti4n, relllov-es exIcess of bile, an I cureo
malaria. A splendid tonic for women and
Ichildren.
Questiotina l trauiaitlon -A cruel cross
e-nll lll:i t lull
Beware of Ointments for Catarrh that
Contain Mercury.
as mercury will surely destroy the sense of
smell and completely derange the whole
system when entering it through the mu
cous surfaces. Such articles should never
be used exc(ept on prescriptions from repu
table physician. as~ the damage they will
do is ten fold to the good you can possibly
derive from them. Hall's C'atarrh Cure,
manufactured by F. J. Cheney & Co.,
Toledo. O, contains no mercury, and is
taken internally, acting directly upon the
blood and mucous surfaces of the system.
In buying Halls ('atarrh ('tire be sure you
get the genuine. It is taken internally,and
made in Toledo. ()hio, by F. J. Cheney &
C'o Tesitimonials free.
t f- Sold by 1)ruggistsi price 75c. per bottle.
Hall's Family Pills. 2.:c.
Man an do many things which he can
not understand.
Bicycles will be used the coming season
more generally than ever before, especially
as they have been greatly reduced in price.
The Chicago Scale Co. are leaders for low
prices on the best Wheels. as well as many
other articles, and all kinds of Scales.
If every mortal had his way this world
would ibe a world of wrecks and collisions.
A Valuable Olft.
A complete medical work. with 100 farrite Pre
scriptions for all diseases of man and beast, price
ai.d. and one bottle of Dr. Thurmonad' Catarrh
Cure, or Blood Syrup. sent to say address for $1.00.
Address Tburmond Chemical Co.. Dailasa Tea
Some people are not even strong enough
to convey their own meaning.
"Zanson's Wagic C0or11 alve."
Warrantedl to tlre or money refunded. Ask your
druggist flor PrIt- "li cent-.
Some homes are merely well regulated
excuse factories.
KNOWLDE '
Brings comfort and improvement and
tends to personal enjoyment when
rightly used. The many, who live bet
ter than others and enjoy life more, with
less expenditure, by more promptly
adapting the world's best products to
the needs of physical being, will attest
the value to health of the pure liquid
laxative principles embraced in the
remedy, syrup of Figs.
Its excellence is due to its presenting
in the form most acceptable and pleas
ant to the taste, the refreshing and truly
beneficial properties of a perfect lax
ative; effectually cleansing the system,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
and permanently curing constipation.
It has iven satisfaction to millions and
met with the approval of the medical
profession, because it acts on the Kid.
nee, Liver and Bowels without weak
enng them and it is perfectly free from
every objectionable substance.
Syrup of Figs is for sale by all drug
gists in 50c and $1 bottles, but it is man
-factured by tihe California Fig Syrup
Co. only, whose name is printed on every
package, also the name, Syrup of Figs,
and being well informed, you will not
accept any substitute if offered.
S UAL PRICE, $15q 9, AERMOTOR dI
The AERMOTOR ANTI-REEZINC THREE-WAY FORCE PUMP bha few Icatlngs to
break, has a very large air chamber, bas a very large spout opening, has a windmill shat-d lever attached,
and can be tataished by any dealer this side of the Rocky Mountains at the above price. Of course, it Is better to go to as
Aermotor agent for them. It is always better to go to an Aermotor I agent for any- thing you may want which be handles.
As a role he is a Irst-class, live, reliable, wide-awake fellow; that is the reason he is an Aermotor agent. It is doubtful if.
in cUr entire list of thousands of agents. you can fad one slow, stupid, behind-the- times fellow. We furnish also a SPECIAL
AERMOTOR FORCE PUMP AT $4.50, BETTER THAN USUALLY 8OLD AT 88 OR 10. Send for our
Pump Catalogue. Buy nothing but am Aermotor Pump, and do not pay more thn Aermotor prices for it. We protect the public. We
furnish it good goods at low prices. We have established twenty branch horse : in order that it may get goods cheaply and promptly.
You conmslt your ow interests by asisting oan ot only Aermotor prices but Aermo*or goods at Aermotor prices. Be sure and e* our oaf
mat week el saeo u Feed Caer Ma s AEMOTOR OQ.. ChiOamo..
$ You want the Best
Royal Baking Powder never disappoints;
never makes sour, soggy, or husky food;
never spoils good materials; never leaves
lumps of alkali in the biscuit or cake; while
all these things do happen with the best
of cooks who cling to the old-fashioned
methods, or who use other baking powders.
If you want the best food, ROYAL
Baking Powder is indispensable.
MJVAL SAKING NW*DI CO., 0 WAtL iT., 6 w -,.N0 .
The ,!, l I l. l,-i!ere I a gentlelulan b
Steel IFr-tmes for WIagon Srltes.
The ( hi 'cago Seal.' (Io. are Manufaeturin
Steel Franlles for their Premiuml \\'agon
Scales, these w ill last a generation t hilh
mInlkcs them cheaper t11n wood. this coni
Ipany manufactures every var':ety of Stand
ar•t Scales. whlich theyv sIl at I ,west pricr.<
They send their cataoencs upon apptl-a
tion, including a thousandt useful articles.
There are two t\ays to make one' marlk
in this world.
I can recommend Piso's Cure for ('on
sumption to urfferers from Asthma. -E. 1).
TowNsr.N, Ft. Howard, I1is., May 4, '94.
Realism on the stage has educated
audiences to such a tine point of ap
preciation that when an actor's cloth
ing, caught lire and half burned him
to death during the progress of a per
formance the other evening. the spec
tators took it for granted that the ac
cident was a part of the show.
It requlires a gotod deal more Lkill to ,on
ceatl what we don't know than it does to
impress others with " hat we do know.
Ir your Back Aches, or von are all worn
out, good for nothing, it is general debility
Brown's Iron Bitters will cure you, make
you strong, clean-e your liver, and give a
good appetite--tnes the nerves.
You should be too generous to hate a fel
low mortal for I eing miserly.
Like an open book,
our faces tell the
tale of health or dis
ease. Hollow cheeks
an d sunken eyes,
listless steps and
languorous looks
tell of wasting de
S bilitating disease
some place in the
body. It may be one
place or another, the
cause is generally
traceable to a coin
mon source--im
pure blood, and im
pure blood starts
in the digestive organs.
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery
purifies the blood, stimulates digestive
action, searches out disease-germs wher
ever they exist and puts the whole body
into a vigorous, strong and healthy con
dition. It builds up solid, useful flesh,
rubs out wrinkles, brightens the eyes
and makes life really worth living.
Thlu now famoun remedy 1i the greatest ditcovery
of the age and boon to the alicted-to the hereto
fore incurable It is harmless nt its application and
po-littve In ts cure. It heals all inflammaton. awak
ens dead t~sutoa to life,. purltfes the blood and pene
trate- even to the nerve nuldt. and poltivcely de-troys
alt microbes and germs,n hblch create disea.e. As eve
dence of tt " a .nderftl healing and cunrative ptopertlie
send for a free 4Mpageo Iik of certificates. Where I
have no ageto,. cal on drugglt. or send direct to the
(li-oeerer and ptr-prtetor. It. JONES, P. 0. Boa 222.
Dtalias. Tex.
3 'rue
1Dt1a Sod d
RuB A sue sag
TmIuu NAIbDA iI l rTh i
ALL UhSIM CLAIRETTE 8aA9
MILLISNS DsTN! sAIbe
S.
Sold everywhere. Made only by
THE N. K. FAIRBANK COMPANY,'
er. L0U.
. e.uokini, 410, "'
T"here is a i 'anti r ki t
or balan'1, howt ;. i the pnr otae.o
of I and i nhouh ,t It ;ent Au. .
It is twenty-fo:ur z f . t in h a, t, rin, ty
fee:t long and tei glhi t,went\ -ti'e tolo.
Ill " Word for It.
A Philadelphia on.tlist who haI
been studying the human e( for
thirty years dcliarcs that ali gr;at
men of the past and jpre-ent hal or
ha'.e blue or gray eyes.
HURRAH FOR TEXAS!
On itn t, the inpte ,.dent- I an gr,- i' a dent a'I
for * StIHIIt(.E+ l.4o4.O1UO R. II:l.
NAT14"' 0 RE" Inr Te.n- we base '., -thll."l l
wh l-i all dep., t ut Ili. ,s .i , ,r
Cr,e  Ith n, 1 -1 ta .- t ath y It t ,a.' rl nl, ,*
];t-'!, thr 1,e t rene ": 1b l the w l I f .t I, It 'al&
tl- uand Ne ralgi a. Pur Nure. ur rite r- Il4Y,
I.,o 1n btt -
SII.SOI L C. CO., Il Itearbrs-st., thIk .
Ely's Cream Balm
QU'ICK.LY ('R:,ES *l. l
COLDINHEAD
Price n0 C(nts.
Apply Balm into ach nostril.
W. L. DOUCLAS
$ H3 SHOEFIT 09 AKIN.
3. CORDOVAN,
- R NCH NAMELLED CALF.
.3,s FINE CALF &KA5uGse
$ 3._9 POLICE,3 SOLES,
3 asS2.WORKINGot4
"25 EXTRA rl INE
52. l17- BOYSSCOISHOLI
SLADIES*
bROCKTON.ASS.
Over One Million People wear the
W. L. Douglas $3 & $4 Shoes
All our shoes are equally satisfactory
They give the beet value for the money.
T he oqual custom shoes In style aend t.
Their wearing quallticaire unsurpessed.
The prices are ultform,---staped on sole,
From Si to $3 saved over other makes
If your dealer cannot stnoly you we can.
FORT WORTH CHINA CO. jobber'" I h ns
Queensware and Glasware. Write us for prices,
SDALLAS BUSINESS FIRMS.
DENTISTRY By Dr. Wilkins s abso ntely painless
lie has the only PAIN*lsta metho(
on earth for filling and extracting teeth. 7,1 Elm rS
FOUNDERS AND MACHINISTS ''General
Shops. Compresses, Flour MIll. Waterworks,
OIl Mills, Gins, Ice Plants, Klectric Light, etc.
Smetrs. Write us. Mosher M't'g Co. )Dallas.
EMERSON,TALCOTT & CO. .Wo'", elsal
Stmandard Cultivators, asbwS'tover
PLANTERS, MOWERS, ; tr
Dallas, - * Texan. Plows.
W N U DALLAS 15.95
When Answering Advertisements Kindly
Mention this Paner.