Beware:
There is a new kind of bug, and it is
corker. It is spreading over the
Icountry from the Southwest, and hu
man beings are its chosen prey. AlI
Iready it has invaded the Mississippi
Valley in great numbers, and many
persons have nearly died from Its bites.
Not a whit more cheerful does this
!news become when it is explained that
the Insect in question is a giant spe
,cles of bed-bug. It comes from Mexi
1co and Texas, and it measures a full
inch in length.
Good
Is Hood's Sarsaparilla. because it cures the
severest eawes of scrofula, salt rheum, dyspep"
saiand rheumatism. If you are a sufferer try
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
lbe best-- f.wt, he ,,n  rue Hood Purifler.
d' Pills cre Liver Ills; easy to
tai,, esy to operate,c.
SUFFERING IN 81LENCE.
Women are the real heroes of the
world. Thousands on thousands of them
endure the dragging torture of the ills
pcu liar to womankind in the silence of
s They suffer on and on-weeks,
months, years. The story of weakness
and torture is written In the drawn
features, in the sallow skin, in the list.
Ie, eyes, in the lines of care and worry,
on the face.
Inborn modesty seals their lips. They
prefer pain to humiliation. Custom has
made them believe the only hope of
relief lies in the exposure of examina
tion and "local treatment."
Take ten cases of "female weakness"
sad in nine of them "local treatment"
is unnecessary, There is no reason why
modest, sensitive women should sub.
"it to it. McELREE'5
WINE OF CARDUI
is avegetable wine. It exerts a wonder.
fully healing, strengthening and sooth.
ing influence over the organs of woman.
Mind. It invigorates and stimulates the
whole system. .It is almost infallible in
enring the peculiar weaknesses, irre
glarfties and painful derangements of
woman. Year after year, in the privacy
of home-away from the 'eyes of every
body-it effects cures
W UE 01' CA I Is iaid for e.5 a
DI emane s i tmeot ess et s. M tra
"Blight"
costs cotton planters more
than five million dollars an
,nually. This is an enormous
waste, and can be prevented.
Practical experiments at Ala
bama Experiment Station show
conclusively that the use of
"Kainit"
will prevent that dreaded plant
disease.
Abates Potash-the results of its use by actual a.
3lrimess qa the best arms in the United State-Is
gm lia lttd book which we publish and will gladly
ilfta my frser in America who will write for ,
GERUMAN KALI WORKS
g Nassau St., New York,
BUY NO INCUBoTOR
id asytsr it bteors
g iving it trial.
YTh firm who is afraid
to eI o try their in
eubetor before byiang
It has no faith In th
Mablue. We wll sell
ON TRIAL
l ACSIT am fried, and ebild see rn
w-th8 nlis'uteeatltets a day. We won
PIN MiT PRIZE WORLD'S FAIR
tWl)a you or a stesdy eCustomer I you'
e th m s on trial Our lare cat.
VON CUUN INCUBATOR CO.,
Fi -nsnt.elas slm n lfou lub
CI~vnlaa Oho, te] IInIl
a W s tolaa let we will ser to
s Nas a E?4, nmale , ai ts
~'~I 1~~ ,au lt~r 1~
GOSSIP FOR THE FAIR SEX.
SOME ITEMS OF INTEREST ON THE
FASHIONS,
The Romantic Curl...The Anti-High Hat
Crusade....Persian Lamb Coats....The
Queen's Bracelet.
STATION MISTRESSES.
On Victorian railways "station mis
tresses" are rapidly replacing station
masters. Over two hundred women are
now holding the post, and they do
their work as well as men. Their av
erage annual salary is $100, whereas
the station masters received $650.
PERSIAN LAMB COATS.
A novelty in fur coats is made of
glossy Persian lamb lined with white
satin, fitted closely at the back and
loose in front, where the edge is cut in
squares, which lap over an ermine
vest. The bottom is slashed in the same
manner, but not very deep, and the
sleeves are of black velvet shirred in
at the armhole. tinely turked below
and quite plain below the elbow, with
fur cuffs. The collar is wide and
square, and soft ends of cream lace
fall over the white vest.
TIHE QIUE1N'S BRACELET.
Queen Victoria is vry superstit:ous.
And one of her little freaks is to wear
three rings, which she has never re
moved-her v :ddlinug ring, a little \n-*
amel ring with :a small diamond c(en
ter, which the Prince Consort gave her
when she was only fdfteen years old,
and her engagement ring, which is in
the form of a serpent of emeralds. She
wears also a bracelet, from which is
suspended I dare not say how many
little lockets. How many grandchil
dren and how many g,'at-grandchil
dren has she? Well, the number is the
number of lockets, and the lockets keep
increasing.
CARE FOR CRIPPLED CHILDREN.
A band of young womren of leisure,
who are doing a beautiful work, de
vote themselves to caring for crippled
chlddren. They learn of the little un
fortunates through the different !.os
pitals, and then, when they are no long
er under the physician's care, and go
home, perhaps, invalids for life, each
meml-,rr of the society takes one of
the children unader her wing to teach,
to amuse, to help in whatever way she
can. Certain days are g.,'en to the
visits to one's protege, and the work
carried on is systematic if the child
is well. If feeble )r Ill, music and
games and little talks take the place
of a course of instruntion. Self-help
and development are, however, always
kept in mind.- New York Post.
A WOMAN EMBALMER.
Augusta, Ga., has a woman embalm
er in the person of Mrs. Fannie Gar
rison, % ho Pas charge of the embalm
ing branch of the largest indertaking
establishment of that city. Mrs. gar
rison became interested in the profes
sion through her husband, who was
an undertaker. She upened a htfie
millinery establishment in connetdon
with his business. By degrees she
came to have more to do with the
undertaking, and at last she decided to
take up the business. She entered the
School of Embalming in Indianapolis,
and after graduating practiced in that
city for eight years. She has just
gone South under a highly-satisfactory
contract.-New York Tribune.
SSTREET SHOES ARE BENSIBLE.
Pointed toe shoes for women will not
be seen much this winter. It has be
come the fashion for women to walk
a great deal, and to do so they must
ha;e plenty of room for their toes. In
rough weather particularly the pointed
shoes that seem to be the right thing
in fair weather are not to be tolerated.
A favorite boot for wfnter will be
almost as high as a bicycle boot, laced
or buttoned, with round toes and square
heel. It will be a comfortable boot to
go with the rainy day costume.
It is not the thing now to wear pret
ty boots in the street. They are kept
for the house and for carriage wear.
House slippers are seen in many de
signs. They are of brown or black pat
ent leather, and are ornamented with
buckles, set with jewels, real or imita
tion. The object is to obtain a dash
ing effect, and it Is not necessary to
have real diamond buckles to do this.
A pretty slipper is of white and black
striped satin, and many slippers in dif
ferent colors are made with white
enameled heels.
For a slipper to wear at the bedside
there is nothing daintier than the lIt
tie affair of red morocco, turned up at
the toe with the Turkish curve that we
admire so much in comic opera. In her
own boudoir a woman may be as fan
ciful as she pleases, and she can al
ways do this in the matter of slippers.
-Detroit Free Press.
THE ROMANTIC CURL.
The curl is a decided feature of this
season's coiffure. Not the curl in the
middle of the forehead or on the nape
of the neck, either waved tress or fri.
sette, is meant by this, but a round,
glossy, cylindrical curl, unbroken in
outline and capable of "bobbing" In
captivating fashion with each motion
of the wearer. "Wearer" is the correct
term, for many of these curls are put
on and do not grow on the heads they
ornasLent.
There are cotffurms for the street with
daltty short curls cropping out in all
dreetIans from among the soft eoils.
The ends fat the figure "eight" are left
I eual I be ntily  istduied ortder, a
Mllm #qeb ka l fmhinge. 'k e gat
at the top; again the back hair Is
braided and turned up, the ends being
brought down again and passed up
through the bottom of the braid to fall
in two or three ringlets. All this is for
the street, or a simple home toilet, but
no evening coiffure to be worn with
full dress will be complete without a
curl or two falling on the neck. Then,
too, it must be noted that extremely
high hairdressing is altogether "out":
in no ease does the coiffure tower above
the forehead as formerly. The crown
of the head rather far back is where
the centre of the coils and puffs must
be pitched. and every woman who is
her own hairdresser knows the impor
tance of getting this base of operations
established in just the right spot. If
either too high or too low the result is
disastrous.
The three or four inch long curl is a
distinctive addition to an evening coif.
fure. It enhances the fairness of a
pretty neck and captivates the fancy.
Twenty or thirty years ago every young
or fashionable woman wore a solitary
curl straying coquettishly over her left
shouldler or brought over to the front to
wander amon, the jewels and laces on
her corsage. The curls in those days
provided inspiration for susceptible
poets, and although the curl of this sea.
son has attained no great length, yet it
indexes what is to come, and it is safe
to predict that the versemakers will
again have a, chance. There is no deny
ing that there is a character expression
in a curl; one curl will be airy and frt.
volous looking, another lachrymose and
drooping: yet another audacious. Yes,
there are curls and curls, and we are to
have all sorts.-t-hicago Record.
THE ANTI-HIGH HAT CRUSADE.
The Indy who wears a high hat in a
theatre is pretty certain to be disa
greeably reminded of the fact before
the performance is over. Men, and wo.
men, too, are not disposed to sit pa.
tiently by and see their enjoyment
spoiled by some cone.'ited woman's sel.
fihness. It is said that in one of the
Eastern cities an ingenious fellow has
printed a card bearing the advertise
ment of his own business on one side,
and on the other these words:
*s** *s ** s ss * * * * **
* YOUR HIGH HAT OBSTRUCTS *
s s
M* Y VIEW OF TIIE STAGE. *
a *
* KINDLY REMOVE IT. *
************** 5***
These cards are placed in a conspicu
ous spot in the lobby, and a good many
are carried into the house. Yes, and
used, too. It is said that occasionally
a really obstinate woman will receive
as many as halt a dozen cards before
she finally yields. Of course, some do
not yield at all, but their e' .'uing's en.
Joyment can't be very complete.
Men have grown wonderfully bold
over this high hat nuisance, and the
most basht ul among them no longer
hesitate to ask an abatement of the of
Tense.
Not long ago the wife of a prominent
young business man, whose name has
attained something of a national repu.
tation, wore her new opera bonnet to
0-l, opera house. It was just a little
bunch of almost nothing, and was as
much different from a high hat as a
curbstone'is from a billboard. She
diua't take it off, because she never
dreamed that it could annoy anybody.
SWhat was her surprise to feel a gentle
tap on her shoulder, and to hear a high
but unmistakably masculine loice re
mark"
"Will you please remove your hat,
Miss."
Of course the offending headgear
came off at once, the petitioner in the
rear seat murmuring a very self-satis
fled "Thanks" as the little bonnet dis
appeared.
The bonnet's owner didn't get a look
at the hat anninilator until the play
was over. Then she turned as she
arose.
He was a freckled boy of possibly
fifteen years.--Cleveland Plain Dealer.
FASHION NOTES.
"Schen-sch," is the newest shade of
pink. It is the color of Japanese roses
when they first begin to bloom.
The gown which Miss Ellen Terry is
wearing in the part of Imogen was de
scribed by one of her sister actresses as a
"vision of hyacinths and crocuses."
It is really pleasant to meet the new
millinery straight from Paris; it is so
guileless of exaggeration. In shape it is
rather small, with an open brim, its trim
ming limited both in variety and color,
and it altogether conducts itself with an
exceeding decorum.
A rnching for the neck is made of very
narrow plaitings, and little fan-shaped
sections of the plaiting are set in above
the folds of the wide belt or corselet.
Each of these fans is fastened down with
a brilliant or an iridescent jewel. The
effect is exceedingly pretty.
The newest packets that have appeared
in Paris show beautiful, odd and styl!sh
designs, outlined in braid. Black cloth
jackets and skirts are closely braided
with white or black; dark blue is braided
with ox-blood, white tan and black braid,
Rows of Braid are laid flat on the bor
der of skirts and on the seams.
The newest sleeves look painfully slim
and delicate, compared with the full, ro
bust specimens which have so entirely
held their own these many months. From
the elbows down, the latest sleeves are al
most snug in their fitting, while from the
shoulder t oth eelbow, the "wrinkling" is
rather full. As a whole, the effect is
pretty.
The newest ribbon for gowns or for
millinery is GI white satin or taffeta, with
a half-incl;ie of black velvet. Broad
sashes are edged with narrow black rib
bon, sewed on the width desired. Such
ribbon ruches very effectively for tour db
edu for the hems of skirts. The buauby
setk about the be. wkee lbe test le
Ym'y timn and chabice -
N1ow thAt the yobu-g Cz~a and his
Czarina have made a beginning of
their travels, they should make up their
minds not to stop %lthin the limits of
effete Europe. They should push on
,westward in the track of Bishop Berke
ley's justly celebrated star of empire
and pay a visit to the United States.
What tremendous benefits the youthful
autocrat, by the slightest whim of
whose boyish and not particularly pow
erful brain the happiness and the lives
of millions of human beings may be
affected, would receive if he should
pass a few months or even weeks in
thi~ republic of enlightened freemenl
He would doubtless feel as if he were
in another world, so opposed are the
ideas which prevail here to those to
which he is accustomed; but he could
not fail to absorb something of the
spirit of equality, though never so
slightly, by the operation of the theory
of the rights of man. In that case
the history of his reign would be vastly
different from what it will be if he
spends all his life in the close atmos
phere of absolutism he is breathing
now.
Money in Carrots.
Roslyn, Long Islan' has a woman
farmer who raises such plebeian vege
tables as carrots and turnips for the
market. She is Mrs. Taber Willets,
and her place is the pride of the na
tives. She is a practical agriculturist
and makes farming pay to a remark.
able degree. It is encouraging to
know, however, that her striotly prao
tical Ideas do not prevent her from sur
rounding her vegetable garden witl
a border of box, in which sweet peal
and wallflowers bloom.
Arthur-Are you sure she loves youl
Jack-Yes; when I told her I had at
money to marry on, she asked me if 1
couldn't borrow some.-Puck.
"Why are you putting such big words
in that challenge?" asltkd the eminent
pugilist of his private secretary. "They
are jaw-breakers. sir!" The explana
tion was quite satisfactory.-Puck.
Drummer---Could I show you a few
goods, Mr. Rosenbaum? Rosenbaum
Py heavens! you missed a big order py
nod gedding here a liddle sooner. I
shust dis minute falled!-- uck.
"Those Ch:cago women seem to be
infected with the matrimonial fever."
"Hardly a fever. Rather fever and
ague. They shake husbands as soon as
they get them."-Truth.
Temperance Advocate-I am sorry to
hear you have been drinking of late; re
member that there is a limit to the
pleasures of a public house. Gardener
-Very well, sir, I'll go to a brewery.
Sketch.
If a summer girl is really popular, she
is worked as hard as a farmer in the
harvest field.
From a Prominent Clersrman.
LAKrLAND FLA.
"I was afflirted with ecz-ma, or s'me kin
dred ikin disease. for mnre than twenty years,
and in addit on to pr'scriptio' a from a great
many iprominent p' vscilans 1 had used every
thing I knew of, I,-commended as cur. s for
skin ,!tseases. wtrh.ut tti'. s irhtest benefit.
Several Inmi hb agoone b,,x of TM ErrniNs was
riven me. and by its use I have been cured.
Three monr ha hvw passed. 'na no sign of its
return. I shall ever remember the miaers of
this valuable r, medy with gratitude."
REv. A. C, TunRsn.
I box by mail for 50e. in s amps.
J. T. SnvPrRsNE. Savannah, Ga.
Tie world is always hungry for ideas,
either wise or gr'tesque.
The Modern Muther
Has found that her little ones are improved
more by the pleasant Syrup of Figs, when in
need of the laxative effect of a g-ntle remedy
than by any other, and that it is more accept.
able to them. Children enjoy It Iad it beneflit
them. Thie true remedy, Syr'p of Figs, is
manufaclurel by the Califorsa Fig Syrup
Company only.
Reallydan'rer'u opponents generally have
a proxy to carry out their plans
Nothing in bath or 'aunry so good as Borsa
Do bins' F.oating Borax Soar need b :t one , l
to prove its alue. .osts sauw- as poi.er los ing
soap. No one has ever tried it without bul r.ns
morae. Your grocer has ix.
In the nurse training sc.hool of this coun
try there were, In 1893, .,710 persons en.gaged
in learning the business.
I cannot speak too highly of Plso's cunre for
Consumotion.-Mrs. FIANr Cossas. 215, W.
2d St., New York, Oct. "9, 1 A.
r're.Wins,aw's oothuin Sy'upfor children
teething softene the g~sms, re duces ir flana
tion, allays pain, curoes wind co' ic. 5oca bottle.
If afflicted with sore eyes nu. Dr. Isaac
Thompson's Eve Water. Drug,asts sell at
ticents a bottle.
FITS stopped free an4 pernanentlv cured. No
fits after flrs d v's us of DZ KLIg'.. O aBAT NiIavI
RasToaxa. Frees $3 tri. b ,ttle anl tre a lie. Send
to DR. RuINt 3:1 Arch it., Pilla el.shla, .,1.
St. VIt ins' Dance. One bottle Dr.. Fenner's
Specifo cures, Circular, Fredonla, N. Y.
Deafhess Canaut be Cured
by local ap:d'catimon, as theycasnot re ach the
dis.ased portion of i he ear 'I here is o ily one
way 'o cure Deafness, and that is by cc nstitu
tional remedies. DIeafne-s is caused bL' an in.
flamed candirlon of tie inucous lining of the
Eustachian Tube. When this tube gets in
flamed you have a rumiding sound or impr
feet hearing, and w en it is entirely cl.sed
Deafnes. is the result, and unless the .infam
mation can be taken out and this tube re
stored to 's nrmai condition, hearing will be
destroyed forever; ni,,e cases out ten are
oased ny catarrh, which is nothing but an in
lamed conndsition of the mucous surfaces.
We will give On- Hundred I)D ,llars for any
ease of I -afness (cau-ed by catarrh) I hat can
not be oure I by Hall's 'atarrh Cure. Sand for
circulars, free.
F J. CEN'RY & Co., Toledo, 0.
5'bold by Druggists, 75c.
Hall's Family Pills are the best.
Second Hand
TUERK WATER MOTOR
For Sale.
g g i ecost 8400, in us fouPr
months.
WILL BE 80LD AT A IAROAIN.
Apply at once to
lluata laespaper IUnlo,
ATLANTA, A.
Sweetness and Light.
Put a pill in the pulpit it you want practical
preaching for the physical man ; then put the
pill in the pillory if it does not practise what it
preaches. There's a whole gospel in Ayer's
Sugar Coated Fills; a "gospel of sweetness
and light." People used to value their physic,
as they did their religion,-by its bitterness.
The more bitter the dose the better the doctor.
We've got over that. We take "sugar in ours"-
gospel or physic-now-a-days. It's possible to
please and to purge at the same time. There
may be power in a pleasant pill. That is the "
gospel of
@ Ayer's Cathartic Pills. @
Lecre pill particulars in Ayer's Curebook, zoo pages.
Sexc free. J. C. Ayer Co., Lowell, Mass.
Important Notice!
The only genuine "Baker's Chocolate,"
celebrated for more than a century as a de
licious, nutritious, and flesh-forming bever
age, is put up in Blue Wrappers and Yel
low Labels. Be sure that the Yellow
Label and our Trade-Mark are on every
package.
WALTER BAKER & CO. Ltd., Dorchester, Mass.
TRA E-MARK.
STO P Don't Let...
r - & Constipation killYou!
ANDY CATH1AlTIC
CURt. _ sPAETION
2 504 s y DRUGGISTS
THE MOST WONDERFUL, RELIABLE ANo EFFECTIVE
MEDICINE * EVER * DISCOVERED.
ABSOLUTELY GUARANTEED to crea enraseof eonDtipation, Cascarets are theldeal JLza.
tire. never erip or -ripe.but cause ealy natural results. Sam.
i and booklet free. Ad. STERI,INt O RE31.DT CO., Chicago, Montreal, Can., orhew Tork. te.
1rlly o00 of the Most Famous Mea sad Women of both eel
tnentrs have contnbuted to the eat year's Volaume of
.. TwYh OUth's
//e mpanion
Celebrating in xS~ its seventy-first birthday,
THE COMIPANION offers its readers many excep .
tionally brilliant features. The two hemispheres
I ~have been explored in search of attractive matter.
IAN MACLAREN,
. "O I... HP'" N... " a,..O"'R " u Dnt'gu sshed W riters.
le Speclal Offer Below. L itigSh
* IAN ]bAC.REN. CRARLtE DUDLEY WAIKNEL HO. . TOMIB. REED.
BALL aAINE. RALIN OARLAND. LIEUT. R. E. PEAIY, 1.8. . .
FRANK I. STOCKTON. MAXI O'CLL. DI. CYBUS EDION.
HaROD FIEDEKIC. W. OLARK RUSELL. DI. ED. EVER.T I . "AL
S MADAME LU.LIA NOIDICL ALICE LONGFELLOW. DB. LYMAN ABBOTT.
And mere n tCun Hundrod other amlast Writers.
For the Whole Family.
Ra COMPANrON also announces for 1897. Four Absorbing Serials. Adventure
Stories on Land .nd Sea, Stories for Boys. Stories for Girls, Reporters' Stories,
Doctors' Stories, Lawyers' Stories. Stories for Everybody-all profusely illustrated
S by popular artists. Six Double Holbday Nuimbr rs. More than two thousaud Articles
of 1iscellany-Anecdote, Humor, Travel. Timely Editorials, Current Events, Cur
ret Topics and iature and Science Departments every week, etc.
S52 Weeks for 81.75. Sen4 for Full Prospectus.
New Uabscribus who will cu at this slp sad send it at ese with aeme sad
addire and $1.15 (the subscrlptle n riei awill reriye:
- Flr E-The Youth's CompaUio everd wk o om time scriptiosa s reolveo
Calendat E-P qTlulin, hrinsma and Nw Tor's uouble Wnnbers.
FFREE-Our Artlti 4.Page Foldnlag Caleadar fr 191, Lithographed lIa
0-FREE...An d The Yoth's Companion 2 Ws, a, fun ,yar, to Jnuary ,,188.
THE YOUTH'S COMPANION, Boston, Mass.A
I... THE YOUTH S Mass.' .dLb_·/~r"
Why Let Your Chickens,
Hogs, Cattle and Horses Ole?
Dr. Salmon's Medicines arc guaranteeo to cure
and fatten them or money refunded. If your dealer
tlc)nnot supply iOU send 25 cents for large sample
packate ald Farmr's handbook of infrmnatlon.
VETERINARY MEDICINE CO., Nashville, ' enn
WC PAY Vb AIDV to men and women in
STl ,tl ' Ltl i every town to work for
us, day or evening, at their homes; nice, pleas
ant work; no canvassing. Experience not nec
essary. Enclose stamp for particulars.
STANDARD CO., 142 W. 23d St., N. VY.
1  Hogan, who we Ided ten wive..
i Full length I lu:.tratlons. A Sic.
book sent srstnre and Irre' by mall to
NUvven i weCIeat St~.'!as for post:age, etc
- (EO. MIALLORKY, iearuney, Mle.
ad. DR.J.L.. TEPHENS.LLAX ZAO
FIT A Great PRemedy Discovered Send
_ for package nul let it speak for itself.
'ostge Se. DR S. PlItKEY, C:blcago, 111.
mizht well be the namo of the
520O.ptge book sent postpaid for
P OS 0c. in stamos by the BOOK
PUBLISHING HOUSE,
134 Leonard Street, N. Y. City, for it serves the purpose uo the great enc, clopedlas
cotlng a hundred times the 0c. asked. It is completely Indexed. mtnking the information
instantly available. With this valu. able book you have a world of knowl.
edge at your fingers' ends, and can *5 S easily supply a lack of early educa.
tional advantages. When reading, don't you constantly come across ref.
erenoes you fail to understand? Isn't. rO a small amount to pay for having such knowledge
at hand? Do you know who Crmuss was, and where he lived? Who built the Pyramids, and
whena That sound travels 1135 feet per second? What is the longest river in II' .vorld? That
Marco Polo invented the compass in 1290, and who Marco Polo was? What I* .rrt n Knot
5wa? The book contains thousands of explanations oft " 'f C
such matters as you wonder about, Buy it at the
low prle. of ha fa doliar sad IMIROVY TOU aE L A'f. .
Young Ladies' College.
IN THE VIRGINIA MOUNTAINS.
Build ings rand: scenery and healthfulness
superior; facllIty first-class; board warranted
good; all modern conveniences.
TERMS UNUSUALLY LOW.
For music, tuition, board. washing, heat
and light, for half session, $90.00. Next term
opens January 23, 18J7.
Catalogue sent free.
J. I. MILLER, D. D., President,
Buena Vista, Va.
BIa Everything pertain.
ing to bicycles and
ý- ..- repairs kept in stock.
T'he h1 est work:ii 'n and fillest materials in our
repair lep).rtlellnt. Prompt and careful at
tetiuon t, mail order Inquiries solicited.
THE LOOSLEY CYCLE 00..
lrminnsghamn Ala.