SIt is claimed that paper-pulp water
pipes have been tried in London with
success. Besides being durable and in
expensive, they are free from the us
ual corroding influences affecting metal
pipes, and, moreover, are free from the
electrolytic effects of the electric cur
rent employed in street railway sys
tems
The Cincinnati Times-Star can't un
"derstand the local project to "cut a
new ship canal a mile in length for
$10,000,000 and sell one mile of ~hte
lower end of the Chicago river for $15,
000,000." Why, the smell alone would
sell for more than that to any fertilizes
factory.
Sheer Desperation.
SAVANNAn, GA.
J. T. SaiPTnIrsx. City.
Dear Sir:--"Several physicians treated me
without success for what they pronounced a
stubborn case of eczema. In addition to this
I have tried every co-called remedy that was
suggested to me, but nothing did me the
slightest good until in sheer desperation I
tried your T''rTnElRN This effected what
seems to be a PERMANENT cure, and I take
pleasure in testifying to its merit-." IR'spect
Tully yours, ISAAC G. HAAS.
I box by mail for 50c. in stamps.
Physician, Poet and Inventor.
It is seldom that nature endows one man
with such diversity of talents in such pre
eminent degree as in the case of Dr. O. T.
Dozier, of Birmingham, Ala.; but with him
excellence is the mark and stamp of his
genius in everything he attempts. His many
inventions and the works of his facile pen
have brought him fame and a just reward
for his work. But it is as a healer of the sick
that his greatest reputation has been won.
Thouanends of men and women, who have
been cured by him, attest his wonderful
skill, while hardly a paper pnublished in the
south has failed to commend and indorse him
to its readers. He is indeed a remarkable
man. ablessinm to our people, and the whole
south is proud of hm as one of her most
gifted sons. His card appears elsewhere in
this issue and should be read by our every
reader and clipped out and kept for future
reference.
lesr try a 100 box of Csacareo't, the fnsat
liver and bowel regulator ever made,
rAE_'" or Otilo, CarY or ToLEDO, j
*, LUCAS CoUNTY. I *
FkaAn J. CHarEY makes oath that , is the
senior partner of the firm of F. J. CflSNEV &
(o., doing basiness in the City of Toledo,
County and State aforesaid, and that said t;rm
will pay the sum of ONE HUNDRED DOL
LARS for each and every case of C ttarrh that
'annot becured by the use of ALL'sOATAt
CURa FiRANK .1. CIthNEY.
r worn to before me andl .subscribed" in my
3presence, this 6th day of t)ecemrnr. A. D. 1886.
:KLj IA. W. GLa.tsoN,
Nlntnrr Publfe.
Hall'sCatarrh Cure fastaken Internally and acts
directly on the blood and mucous surfaces of
the system. 86nd for test.monials, free.
F. J. CHOa & Co., Toledo. O
WISold by Dru'iret'. ,.
Hallts Family Pllts are the best.
WDon't Tobacco Spit and Smoke Youar Lib
Away.
If you Want to quit tobacco usi:n easily and
tarever, regain Joet manhood, be made well,
stroog. magnetic, full of new life and Visor,
Saoe No-To-Bac, the wonder-worker that
as weak men strong. Many gain ten
dS in ten days. Over 4l,(000 oared. Bu y
-aToBao from your own druggist. Under
absolute aurantee to cure. Book and sample
free Adiress Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago
or New York.
A woman who has passed thirty thinks all'
other young women must be twenty-seven,
anyway.
Do you w:sh to know how to have no steam, and
not halfthe usu d ork on wash-day Ask your
`rocer for a bar of Dobbinc' Eiectrie oap, and the
dhirections will toll you how. le sure to get no imits.
tion. There are lots of them.
Sootohmen have almost entire control of
the stone cutting industries of New York.
CANOAam'S stimulate liver, kidneys and bow.
als. Never sicken, weaken or gripe. 100.
FITSsto pe freeandpermanentltycred. No
ts after frst day's use of Da. KrINs's GReAT
ie. D..l&to tie. iJl. e Arch St..  hilr.,PA.
I believe PIso's Cure for Consumption saved
Ty boy's life last summer.-iasi1. ALLIS
DOUseGAss, LeRoy, ,uich., Oct. 20, li.
Wu bRam iliouas of costive, eat a Caeaerot,
saady ealhartl, in. guarienteed. 0e., tOc.
r. inslow's Soothing Syrtpforehildrea
.uin-goftene the sama redauces inflamp
IUalis' plnh, cures wiudcolio. , c.a bottle.
Catarrh
Is juta suraely a disease of the blood as is
..Suofaula.e ~ sayIthe best authorities. How
foolisb it is, then, td expect a cure from
"i*i, inhalbate, eto. The sensible course
is to purify your blood by taking the
b et bloo6 d pldflr, Hood's sarsapartla.
Thi$  indlfe bag permanently oared Ou
tiIg; . maultitudeo of ases. It goes to
the root of the trouble, which is impaure
bIo * Bemember
S et'akotthe On.TrueBlood Prtter.
4 l nus .:i? only liii intake
TU,0 oRS
sad
MALNAfT SORES.
ulNIZ ,TaSED.
~~~ )da·d~S~:OO ~ C-.4
' THh MUSIC OF NIAGARA.
A Musician Hears the Harmonies and the
Rhythm of the Mighty Cataract.
Eugene Thayer, the well known or
ganist, has published an an:ilysis of
the music of Niagara Falls. Hie says:
"It lhad ever been my be'ief thatNia
gara had rot been heald as it should
be, and in 4his belief I turned my
steps hitherward. What did I hear?
The roar of Niagara? I heard nothing
but a perfectly constructed, musical
tone, clear, definite, and unapproach
ab!e in its majestic perfection, a com
plete series of tones, all uniting ti one
grand and noble unison, as in the or
gan."
Mr. Thayer then describes at some
length the compound nature of a givqf
tone, and illustrates the overtones or
partials of the lowest C of the 32 foot
pipe of the organ. Then he continues:
"I had long had a suspicion that I
should hear all this at Niagara when
her wonderful voice should first greet
my ears. It was just as I had sup
posed. How should I prove all this?
My first tep was to visit the beau:i
ful Iris Island, otherwise knowpa as
Goat Island. My next step was to
stand on Luna Island, above the cen
tiil fall, and on the west side of the
American fall proper. I went on the
extreme eastern side of the island Ip
order to get the full force of the larger
fall, and sat amnonog the rapids. Next
I went to the Three Sisters Island.
"With more or less variation of pitch
at these and many other points, I heard
everywhere the notes of the chord of
G, culy four octaves lower.
"I arrived at my conclusion both
theoretically and practically: Let me
first call attgation to the third and
fcurth notes, 1) and G.
"T'rhe ground note, G, was so deep,
so grand, so mighty, tihat I never could
realize it or take it into my thought or
hearing, but these two tones, only four
octaves lower, were everyw-here, with
a power which made itself felt as well
as heard.
"But, it will be replied, tlhese two
notes were too low to be detected by
the sense of hearing. How did I de
termaine their pitch?
"I first ('aught the harmpilc notes
above them that were definite in pitch
and then, counting the number of vi
br;ations of these lower notes, easily
deternmined their distance below.
"And here comes a curious feature
which proves that Niagara gives a tone
and pot a roar. The seventh note, the
interval of the tentth, was of a lxower
and clearness entirety out of propor
ionn to the harmonies as usually heard
in the organ.
"Were the tone of Niagara a mere
noise, this seventh note would be
e:t'her weak or ccpfused, or absent al
together.
"What is Niagara's rhythlrn? Its
beat is just once per second."
GEORGIA'S ALLIGATOR CHILDREN.
They Were Born With Scales and Other
Saurian Markings
Down in a far away Southern por
tion of Georgia is an extensive swamp
called Grand Bay. It is a branch of
the great Okeeftaekee Swamp. On
the borders of this swamp live a pair
cf freaks the like of whidh are not to
be found elsewhere. They were known
as the "alligator children," and are
the offspring of a man and Woman of
the poorest class of piney woods
"crackers."
The Eildest of the "alligators" is now
twepity-three years of age, and 4i the
best of health, except for her defor
mity. Shortly before the birth of tihis
child the mother, *Mrs. James DRwdy,
was frightened by suddenly coming
upon a huge alilgator. The little girl
shortly thereafter born to hier was in
apprarance half human and half rep.
tile.
,Her head and lcae was elongated,
•her jawms protruded. There was only
a very slpt growth of hair on her
hEtd, and domwn her back extended a
row of dark callousitles like the scales
on asn aligator's back. She had a well
defined itntl several inches long, and
her fingers and toes bore an unmis
.takabe resemblance to eop alligator's
About a year later a second child was
born, a boy, and he showed the same
peculiar markings, only they were not
so strongly defined as those of the
girl.
Both children were mutes, and all
efforts of the parents to teach them
to utter intelligible words were un
ava~lpg. The girl made her wants
known by a sort of wihining sound,
and when angry would snarl like an
alligator, She was very unruly. The
boy was moe tracttlble, but both he
and his sister displayed all the char
eoteristics of the aligator.
The girl would be now about five
feet high if she cosld stand upright,
but the same ~narmber of feet long
would be the more appropriate way
to desrrlfbe her loingitudinal dimen
falops. The jaws bear a strong resen
lbMace to those of aIn alligator, and
curving clamws, calloused by long use in
creeplng about the floor, disfigure beir
milnds and feet.
The boy is more docile stl exhlbitu
a higher degree of intelligence, and
will eoeept sweetmeata, haolng them
ni 4,ds Jaws as he croiuhes in the cor
,ner~, mmnchbipg them with evident satis
dfaction. He, too, creeps on ai fours
about he house.
Thoo whildten of the family are
i thtinelIghpte, and show no
kihip t fh their less fortunate bro
e~er'a sister, .
WbFf ~w~x·i r
Irm forward. an1d. by exer4ing more
force of pressure wi cl e side of his
tail than with the other, he diverts his
course either to the right or the left.
The change in t1 bird's position is at
tendmd with short, quick m(otions, as
the point of one wing Is stretched for
ward, wvirhle that of the other is turned
backward correslpodingly.
These short, convulsive nrovemenuts
of the tail escaped the observations of
the ornithologists uitil quite trcently,
and the fact of them not Ie'lag noted
caused many exhaustive articles to be
written on the "Mystery of the Eagle's
Flight." Stein tier Weisen, the Aus
trian naturalist, appears to have been
the first to notice the rudderlike mo
tions of the eagle's tail. He says:
"These motions of the rail would prob
ab:y have escaped me aBo but for the
fa;ct that I had so often observed the
peculiar coanstruction of the side tail
featlhers." It is i4aterest ing to the na
turalists and the laymen alike to know
th'lt "the mystery of the eagle's flight"
has at last been exphtined.-St. Louis
Republic.
A Movable Postoffice.
A iostal van for collecting the mail,
and sorting it on the way to the general
post-office, has recently maede its ap
pearance oft the streets of New York.
It is drawn by a pair of horses and its
internal arrangements are somewhalt
similar to those of the new postal cars
which were recently placed on the
Third avenue cable road. In size and
appearance it is not unlike an ordinary
Fifth avenue 'bus. It is painted a
plain white, unrelieved by any striping,
and entrance is made from the rear by
a door. below which are steps reaching
well to the ground. A.ug the left hand
side of the car is fixed the sorting and
stamping table, and the front end is
taken up with a letter rack. In the
ceiling are placed two powerful gas
burners w'hich are supplied from
storage cylinders, arranged beneath
the floor of the van. A driver and two
clerks are assigned to each vehidce.
The pest-office authorities have
shown commendable enterprise in plac
ing these experimental vans in opera
tion. They are a further extension of
the idea which led to the placing of
postal cars on the cable roads, which
is to utilize the time occupied on the
journeys from sub-post-offices to the
general office, by sorting the mail in
transit. The postal van can reach sub
offices which Aire not served by the
cable cars;and its greater m'blliity will
render it an exceedingly useful branch
of the service.-Scientlfc American.
Foreign Bits in New York.
The early pedestrian through some of
the uptown streets frequently catches
an odd bit of color that is not visible
(luring the rest of the day. The Italian
and rench table d'lrote managers are
at work soon after sunrise, and their
employees are busily engaged at clean
ing up the establishments before it is
time to cook breakfast for guests.
In many of these places the cooks
and down-stairs helpers are friends or
relatives brought over from the old
home by the successful proprietors.
They cling to their old habits and dress
for a long time. People who passed
one of the large upper Sixth avenue
table d'hote restaurants early this
morning saw three young men sweep
ing out or cleaning windows, and the
dress of each one was what would be
seen on all workmen in a similar class
in. a lower Italian town. One were a
brilliant searlet wide sash about his
waist; another had on a tight-fitting
pair of cotton trousers, and all wore a
sort of combination shoe and slipper,
with cvtnordinmrily high heels, a kind
not manufactured in this country.
Novel Use for Sheep Brains.
Professor Burt G. Wilder, of Cor
nell University, in a: recenrt address in
Boston advocated the putiting of the
brains of sheep into the hands of school
children, even in the primary depart
ment, for the purpose of scientific
study. "Schoolboys," he said, "may de
scribe the rivers of Africa and even the
canals of Mars, and yet know little
about the topo~raphy of their own
cerebrum." By putting the brains of
a sheep into their hands, even in the
primary department, they are soon in
tereeted In the subject, he declared.
"Shorld this plan bb tried in good
faith," said Dr. Wilder, "I venture the
prediction that out of the first hundred
led so to learn all will be made better
citizens and parents; a score will be
more perfectly qualified to teach or to
practice medicine or law or to preach
theology, and at least one will become
an investigator and contribute to the
honor of his country and the enlighten
ment of the world."-New Orleans Pica.
yune.
Mules for Bear Hunters.
The proper beast for a grizzly bear
hunter to ride is a good mule. Dr. W.
F. Edgar, U. S. A., tells 7a Recreation
why a mule is best.
The Doctor was wamnderlng near a
camp up in Washington. State on a
m-le. He had Mhs rifle wth 'him, and,
seeing a big bear in the trail, fired.
The bear turmbled over, and out of
sight. It looked like a dean kill, and
the doctor stated toward the place,
and was nearly In sight of the hollow
where the bear had dlsappeared whq2
the bear climbed up over the edge and
went at him.
It was then that the mule was of the
utmost service. The mule rose on its
hind feet, turned sharp around, and
heided for carmi. A horse or a mus
tag wouldn't have been quick enough,
the bear was sd lose, but all the Lhun
fer bad to do was to heg on. Thbe
mrnale knew whht to do without belg
told.
ribe eight great water companies of
aLndon :now supply nearly ,000.0 Q)
pellople-With t bou~ ~,0OOOQQ aplons
Cutting Teeth at Eighty-three.
Two of the oldest men in Baltimore
are now undergoing the suffering o[
cutting teeth.
One is Thomas 1i. Rich. aged seventy
years, an accountant. Six years age
he was knocked down by a trolley car.
hIls eye teeth were loosened and fell
out. For six years he mourned their
loss, and now he sheds tears at the ar
ri- al of their successors.
Two well-defined teeth have appeared
in the place of the others, and the old
man's jaws are so swollen that he can
hardly eat.
The other aged tooth-cutter is Will
iam H. lill. lie is eighty-three years
odl, and is suffering with a new wis
domn tooth.
Mr. Hill is one of the oldest residents
of South Baltimore, and a pensioned
veteran of the Mexican war. During
the Civil war he belonged to the Union
League of Baltimore. and was a mem
ber of the party that helped dig a
trench at Druid Ilill Park for the re
ception of Iarry tilmore's band of
Confederates who were expected to
try and raid the city.
Mr. Hill had a narrow escape from
being hanged in Northumberlalnd
county, Virginia. during the ReIbellion
by a band of young Southerners. They
had collected a pal ty of six Union sym
pathizers and had roles about their
necks. HIill was one of the party.
All were saved by the arrival of a
big fellow named Jackson Walker,
whose capture the Confederates were
discussing. lie made his appearance
on the scene very sudldenly. lit was
armed to the tee-th, and. leaping into
the crowd, quickly dispersed it, and
the Union prisoners made their escape.
The old gJntlh'itan delights to tell
this story. and declaires tha:t was the
only time in hid life that lie ever felt
as badly as he does now when cutting
a wisdom tooth.
Edibles From Refuse.
All visitors to Paris rave about thle
delicacy of the food and daintiness
of the service. They do not know some
of 1the ways followed by restaurants
r:id chefs. At the lower class of Paris
restaurants a very Ingenious fraud has
been in practice for half a century.
They make beef tea or bouillon with
out beef-warm watle: colored and fla
vored with burned onions and caramel
as boullion. To suply thle little grease
bubbles w'hich conr oi-seurs demand
was the only trouble. Fina:ly a cook
'hit upon the ingenious device of blow
ing a spoonful of fresh oil over the
soup. The oil inedialtely forms in
tiny beads on the surface and there is
your soup. Nowadays every cafe of
this sort has its enmpoyea aux yeux
de bouillon, whose sole duty is to make
the little eyes or bubbles of grease on
the soup.
Parisians are immensely ftdal of
ham, so much so that the number of
hams eaten in Paris could not be fur
nished by all the pigs killed In France,
even allowing for the shoulder as well
as the leg being cured-this being the
French practice. The demand is sup
plied by buying up old ham b( pee and
ingeniously inserting tlmem- into pieces
of pickled park, which are trimmed
into shape, covered with grated bread
crusts and then sold for haim. In this
way a bone does duty for Ihundreds of
limes. Still, the supply of bones was
limited, alnd it was not inctpcvenient
to be put out if one's neighbor did not
return the ham bone which the dealer
relied upon sehuring the day before to
recover for you. So a man conceived
the idea of manufacturing ham bones
wholesale, and made a fortrpie fromnt
the sale of these artificial foundations.
Nowadays, therefore, ham is plentiful
in Paris.
The Story of a Poem,
One of the most touching poems on
prison life ever written was from the
pen of Colonel H. C. Parsons, a gifted
lawyer and railroad promoter, who
died last June at his home in Virginia.
Previous to moving to Virginia Co!
onal Pars(ls defended a young man
who was accused of murder. The evi
denace was seemingly entirely against
the prisoner, but his counsel was firm
in his belief of his innocence, and,
though the necessary evidence to nmake
thkat fact plain wams not brougl.t out at
the ti'al, the Ookcpdel succeeded in
making the jury feel as he did, and a
verdict for a~cqulttal was rendered.
'fThe young man had been in jail for
several weeks, and, after the congratu
lItions at his release were over, his
counsel asked 'him: "Well, how does it
fel to be free?" What the young
man's anwer was no one but the Col
epel knew, but he was inspired by it
to write a very beautiful poem, which
Was at the time of its first publication
very widely copied.
A Check to Diptheria
Dr. Dixey, in Mhis paper on the vital
statistics of diphtheria in London,
speaking of the antitoxin treatment,
asserted with confidence that the diph
theria mortality of the metropolls has
received a considerable check, which
it is difficult to attribute to any other
cause than the introduction of the
serum treatment. This conclusion of
his is, of course, directly at variance
with that arrived at by Dr. Lennox
Browne, to which we recently referred
in this column. Dr. Gordon Sharp con
tributed a valaable paper on the soil in
relation to diphtheria and its organ
ism, in which he arrives at the conclu
sion that diphtheria would appear to
be endemic p oeutain districts; that
soils organically laden, and with an Im
pervious sub-soil, may become fav&r
able breeding grounds for the bacilli,
Sbut that dseep drainage would appear to
,rend-r such soilt innocuous.
The .New Jersey Historical Society
his declined the offer of the trustees
of Prinelttn University to provide
aalritmeits in the new library bullding
at Priaceton o their exclusive use,
ONE WOIAN'3 CAS1E.
A Common Malady and a Remarkable
Cure.
Froom the Herald, Boston, Mass.
When a great, popular remedy rises to
such remarkable success as to be a worthy
theme of comment in a whole section it may
fairly be treatol as a matter of news rather
than mere business, because it is in a sense a
public benefactor. In view of this fact a lady
reporter was deputed to investigate person
ally the remarkable tonic and curative effects
which Dr. Williams' Pink Pills had shown,
particularly in cases of nervous weakness and
general debility, numerous insbances of its
efficacy in this class having been noted, espc
cialiy in the vicinity of Boston.
A typical case was readily found in the
experience of Mrs. Mary A. Conway, rving
on Erie street, l)orccster. Mass., who had
been, accoriing to her own testimony, suffer
ing for a long time with physical and nervous
weakne-s, acompanied by palpitation of the
heart and irregularity of functions.
"It is true," she said, "that I have met
with a remarkable restoration through the
use of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. For some
timeI was completely run down, and the
care of a family was a great strain upon me.
My lips were white anl my heart palpitated
so severely that I could not go up and down
seairs without great distress. My digestion,
too.. was weak, and I can truly say that I was
suffering from a general lack of vitality.
"I took l'nk Pills with misgivings. but
after taking only a small quantity 1 was
agreeably surprised to find that they were
all and more than they had been described
to be.
"From the very first time of taking the
pills I began to,notihe their beneficial effect,
and I found mysedf gradually and rapidly
overcoming the varied physical weaknesses
that seemed to have fa.srneri upon me. my
white lips were restored to their normal
tinge, I rogainea co or ln my face. end as for
the heart trouble I may say that it has com
pletely vanished, and I can now go up and
down stairs without any palpitatlon what
ever. Heretofore I Ilhad black -p,'cks befo'e
mry eyes and a tendency to dizziness, b.t
now my head is clear and my vision is uu
impaired.
"Ishall continuo to use the Pink Pills,"
sai!d Mrs. Conway, '"and to recomnmend them
to my friends. I Pave found them to do
great benel!t, and I find that their nets not
only relieved me of the particular troubio
which I had, but acted as a general tonic for
my whole system. It seems to me that the
more they ari known the more they w.11
come into general use, for people have been
so often deceived .a to remedis tllhat claim
to cure everything Ibat they are glan to lind
one that does exactly what is claitmed forit."
Inquirie. of physicians and apothecaries
in th:s section also indicate that such cases
as that of Mrs. Conway are proving to be
the prototypes of rauny others.
Dr. Willoauts' Pink Piily for Pale People
are now oiven to the public as an unfailin.
blood builder and nerve restorer, curing all
formsof wea:kues3 ;arisinug from at watery
condition of the blood or sh ittered nerves.
The pills are sold by all detiers, or will be
sent p)st paid on receipt of price, 50 cents a
bex. or six boxes for $.2.50 (they are never
soel in bulk or by the 100) by addressing Dr.
Williams' Med. Co., Schenectady, N. Y.
Cotton.
With careful rotation of
crops and liberal fertilizations,
cotton lands will improve. The
application of a proper ferti
lizer containing sufficient Pot
ash often makes the difference
between a prostable crop and
failure. Use fertilizers contain
ing not less than 3 to 4q/
Actual Potash.
Kainit is a complete specific
against "Rust."
All about Potash-the results of its use by actual ctx
perinment on the best farms in the United States-is
told in a little bouk which we publish and will gladly
mail free to any farmer in America who wtil write for it.
CERMAN KAL1 WVORKS,
y$ Nassau St, New York.
DEAFNESS
And tied Noises relieved
by using W'il-on's 4.ot
E AFD NeW-cletitflc Invention.
tdifferent fIrom all ether di-i
vices. IThe only safe, sim
,rtle. omforta Ic aned invlIs
Ible Ihar Drum in the
- worlH. Hlleps where medi
cal skill falls. No wire or
~ A string attachment. Write
for pamph1Lt. Free.
WILSON EAR DRUM CO..
140 Trust Illdg., Louuisville, lIy.
THE PEOPLI CAN BUV
From us at wrrOLF. ATE PnIcSp and
second.hlnd books w il be cheaper still.
Write for our cataloue and price list,
free. W. H. OWINGS,
028 First Avenue, Birmingham, Al.
Why LetYour Chlokens,
Hogs Cattle and Horses Die?
Dr. Sanlmont'r 3ielelines art guaranteed to cure
rnd fatten them or money refunded. If your tdealer
canntot suplly you seud 25 cents for large sampile
pakage and Farmeeln't htanlbook of tnfrmattion..
VETERINARY MEDOCINE CO ., Nashvlle, Tenn
NDY CATIARTIC
CUI E CONlSTIPATION..I
oto ALL
tri or rp DRUGGMSnt
UUABSl IIB ED ttiie. never sip or PIPCehel ctees IanO tura reui ý
egd booklet tree. Ad. TERTN, RIEMEDT (C.. Chieo. Mntreal. Can., orew Tork. I".
S might well be the mane eo th6
MO-page book sent postpeM tor
Slo. in stamps by the .00K
PUBLISHINO HOUSI.
134 Leonard Street, N. Y. City, for it 5rUT the pinrip ot the great oaoyolglU4I
atloag a hundr times the 00. esked. It is oopl5telr Indoet, umang the linati
-sta-tly avitlable With this vals bl b h k e er' l a. u wk o, -i.
e*e at or t nger' each, a s "a J *uy sup1Y a Isk of erly
tiba advantages. Whna reading, don't you onstantly coawe
asem rot fall to unaderstand Isa'tfi a small amount to pay tor hrasvl nmo'
at head? Do yU know who Cress was, and whro he liedt Who built the : ;
whean That soaad traves 35 feet per second? What is the longest river ia : 4
Karoo Polo rented the ompas In 111, and who MatePole wte? Wba'
S wel il ebaL sa t et.le " 5adt*lSiatIoZIS 'o
Gladness Comes
W ith a better understanding of the
transient naturo of the many phys.
ical ills which vanish before proper ef
forts-gentle ef'orts-pleasant efforts
rightly directed. There is comfort in
the knowledge that ,o many forms of
sickness arc not duo to any actual dis
ease, but simply to a constipated condi
tion of the system, which the pleasant
family laxative, Syrup of Figs, prompt.
ly removes. That is why it is the only
remedy with millions of families, and Is
everywhere esteemed so highly by all
who value good health. Its beneficial
effects are due to the fact, that it is the
one remedy which 'promotes internal
cleanliness, without debilitating the
organs on which it acts. It is therefore
all important, in order to get its bene
ficial effects, to note when you pur
chase, that you have the genuine article,
which is manufactured by the California
Fig Syrup Co. only, and sold by all rep
utable druggists.
If in the enjoyment of good health,
tnd the system is regular, then laxa
tives or other remedies are not needed.
If afflicted with any actual disease. one
may be commended to the most skillful
physicians, but if in need of a laxative,
then 6no should have the best, and with
the well-informed everywhere, Syrup of
Figs stands highest tndl is most largely
used and gives most general satisfaction.
DR. O. T. DOZIER,
('bse Renowned Sauthlern Npelilist.)
Hirmlnughnaim, Ala,.
Suceessfuly treats, at office or BY
MAIL AT YOURI OWN HOME, all
forms of C!::'onic, Nervous, Blood,
Skin and! Private Dl)lseases of Men and
Women.
CURES GUARANTEED.
All Chronic Diseases of Lungs, Liver
Heart, Klidney. Biadder, and all diseases of
the Genlto.Urlnary organs are iu my line of
practice. DLisea.es peculeiar to women. nod
a!l venereal diiseascs of eilther sex positively
cured by mild and safe remledies. Impedl
lllnts to marriage, as StrlCture. Vanice.
1 ele, Inlpotentr. Emissions antdi all evil re
suIts of self-obuse or ex,:essive Indulgence
qltuickly and permlanently cured. I guaran*
tee satisfaction in every case 1 treat. My
valuable "'ook for M1en Only," and Synip
tomn Blanks for tuon or women will le sent
I free In plain. sealed envelope to all Hthe
apply. CounsulnItall free, whetber In per
son or by letter.
A FEW EXTRACTS fROM PRESS ENDORSEMENTS
liundreda more of like chsraeter. sand
Ihousands of high testimonlals from pa
tients cat, lie furnished it necessary.
(Atlanta Co)nsttilthtll.I
Dr. 0. T Dozier. tie bead of itre ollurhNrn ltedic
Dispeasary of lrlniullgth. 1 a. Is. a stpeltallst 0
neIltrlyl twenty ' ear.' ex|perlslice Inl the trestllont w t
I htronlh, noerlvous and I)"ltdt dis: SeB aind bls tilC
torm slltces I is given !1him a luading potlliol in the
nmeical proufesslon.u
(Mlasonle Gulde.)
Dr. Dcz!er can he relie; upon to treat diseares
the( most sutccessfu! luacl nr. and htE II Lnuown r
over the south.
,The Souithern OttI Feliow'.'
We cannot add alything I,o tIl, repttaltlio Dr
o. r. ozler tias ulrtdy nequrird Il the lne ot liS
profeashotn, biti we killow IIn to l taliarotherOdd
I etihw tI .t can Ie relle.d t. to ,.c"rrv out every
Uron;ls h. mlakes to those uetedita hIIs servicer.
(' ge Ilerald.;
* * * Dr. Dotter has rei led lfor mnty years In
llrmlngilamt and nch sucresroI y)ear has added to
his reputation, to his usefulaeas atid to the esteem
In which t e is held by our best clllZOlts. Hils I, a
tecorl and aptiroved a!llltler enttle him to the
ir.ound distinction of .tardlin at "the bead itJ IIs
(Perple'e Weekly 1'rhthluna.
A n a peciallst hr. Dozier Is un1excelled by a~t
Ivtng t.hvshilan ' Mv Is a Ucorglan hY llrtl,
a ig lghitonled, utlituled. ('hrlhtl;a gIentlenlan, stlrltli
honest ion atll II s le.llags and ilnaielally respOsblhiS
tot all hIs cont'acte.
(Daily News, BIrmnu!aham.t
Dr. Dozier Is a )phyrstlhn ondl slurgeoni of education.
skklll and experience, a masnt of tulttire and hitlh
literary attain entts and a geltllPelmla repeletet by
all wvho knsowv hhltn 1t' C:,U be rell:d on in all Illnst
tIcr pettainlng to Ills profession.
(Alaharma ChlristlanI AdvoCate.
Ills (Dr. Dozier's)professional, sitandlaig Is unim
peachable anti hi. ctaracter us a entileman and
citizen is above repr'..clt.
Addres
D I. O. T. DOZIER,
Lock B3 112, BIjMIyGtAM, AMA. ,
Double Sidohev-I- 32or35. Pretl
er, I: Top Le v-O eolow oevrroei
er eompletelL.l0 I Send uIls~I
Riev #1.2" 5 for ctaloPe.
II. & I,. FOL8OM Altl ., 314 oo 'wy, .Y4 D' . *
PATENTS" 2) "ners exprrenee. send eketli
fLra, r liSe iti, 1all',Ire prln. ox
namer u t.'. I 'atent ofuie.) DBaitE
& WvalEn, 31eGill Buillllg, Washhngtonf , D.C.
OPIlII and WIISY, hbllicured. BoIket