LOUISIA NA POPULIST.
S ul)sc(rilp-.ti )ic -i. ' '1'o'F. l i, s 1o) i " , t : . l'i ss 1. hr I ' l -u l.I I .'ic . 3 Ce(-tl s
VOL. I. NATCHITOCHES PARISH. NATCHITOCHES, LOUISIANA, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1i94. NO. 19.
DR. HATHAWAY & CO.
17i REL ABLE SPFCIALIS9TS R& pdr Cradw fcs ifn Medidie, Awu1orfJed by fI Slate.
taa Laaks for Financial Refere.ce. thousand of Cred Patients all overthe United Staten
a. . to r-.ea ,losia .ablt-y. All business condctcdoa a strkictly prkssional basis ad strictly
e.peotm. .asu.ltaw.. Free at office or by mall. Treatment meat everywhefre ree lrM
tt mso. No Interference withlbsiess whbile using medicines.
Seminal Weakness and Sexual Debility
(SIperatorrhlraand lmpotLecy)causcl lt; youthful folllesandexcesse,s
proucilng nervouaness, los,, pimples aind blotches on the face. rushes
Sblood to the head. pains In h bar, confused ideas and fonrleful.
oess. shfulness. 'erion to sociltS, loss of sexual power. lossof man
hoo.d etc.. Cu lifM. .e can stop night losses. restore lost sexual
power. rd tral:t power, enlarge and strengthen weak
partsa and for marriage. . . .. t-
Syphilhl dira In all its forms and itaet ured
.'l~ l, ,lf. Bl,,od Poisoning. Skin Diseases. Ulcers.Swel
i .ngs Sores. lt& (ie. -n aln all forms of Private Diseases cured.
Strctur e permanty cut wibtout caustice or cutting. So Na.
no exposure. Patient can use treatment at home.
Ladles we cure those decate, diseases peculiar to your hx, at
Syour own hont; wt.hout instrumelnts MIany cured after
other doctors bave faded. Can give you prroofs. . . ...m
Rheumatism-he Great Frnchb Rheumatlc Cure.A SURE CURE. The geatestdtscov.
ery in the annals of medicine. One dose gives relief: a few dosea remove
fever and pain in joints-a cttre Is bound to take place. Send statement of case. -
Bok for both sexes. fi4 pxges, with fu'i dcscriptlol of obove dtseases. the ffents and CUltm
s eled in plain wrapper free. tead this liuttle book and send for Symptom Blanko. Na
for Men ; So. 2 for Women: No. 3 for Skin Diseases; No. 4 for Catarrb. - ---.
Take an chances a gtain the best by consulting the Leading SpeciaJ the United S n.
ioNsn DR. HATHAWAY & CO. sFasT
Slr Masonlto Tlemple olds., NEW ORLEANS, LA.
IPefrolal Pres. of L.oiasIililla.
"IIc:a i s { oll\ l' l ,r. I t , t!. l :s.
W. 1eA C . I f it.
\1, I' . \ , "~ nl. .sl',tor.
W . . 1 lio .. l i .:ti
Ae. %i.AN I o IW ,t s W \Irºt .N . i.
l.. W . E;d. . I ,lit- ]
. . .1\ T " it . d:,lit l, .
I. 1'. l " 1 ' h l e r.I l:,lit.,r
Tier 1- -r, Nwv (O-l ..n 1I. . 1
.1. I. a:n r,,nm. 1ihtotr
Pcople' 'i:'art) Pl'atfornl.
1. ''e demntl a ,:ttional tr
renI(. sa Lfe. solle l tl lexible, is
uelll b.}" the g~ee all livellrnl (entl
onl, . a full letral te der for :ill ileit
public ll ul Ipivatel . :aclll that ith
out the uise of 1 .:eskinli corpora
tionsc : a ljust. eqclita lel :ll4l elii.lleut
melas of distribution, elirectl t tlhe
people, at a tax not exceeding : 2 iei
cent, ie provided, as Net forth ilc
the sub-treasury plan of the F;erlmn
ers' Allianee, or some bett11er ssteln
also by payments in ell ilchanrge of
its ob)ligations tfiri p.lt iie iulprove
Inlt In tis.
a. \W\e tlenlcali free ald nllelieellti
ei c'inagle of silverlll oldl at lthe
present legal ratio ol 16 to 1.
b. I'( demancd il hat:i the aollntit
of eilreeaIIting meiuc eii l, .e speedily
inclreased to not less tlhanli "l ier
capita.
c. "VWe demand a grdtuate t- Ii
come tax.
d. We believe Ilthat the motley
of the country shoul he kept Ias
much as possible in the hands or
tl:e people, and hencee we dellaldl
that all State and intilnal revenue
shall be limited to lthe necessary
expenses of tlie government, eeo
noumically and honestly adineister
(d.
e. We demanl tihat postal say
ings banks be established by the
government for thle sae delposit of
the earliings of the people anld to
facilitate exchange.
2. Transportation being a means
of exchange and public necessity,
the government should own and
operate the railroads in the inter
est of the people.
a. The telegraph and telephore,
like thne poast oftice system, being a
necessity for the transportation of
news, should be owned and opera
tetl by the government in the in
terest of the people.
3. The land, inclueding all the
national resources of wealth, is the
hiritage of all the people, and
should not be wonopolired for spec
ulative purposes, and alien owner
aship of land bshould be prohibited.
All land now held by railroadse and
other corporations in excess of
their actual needs, and all lands
now ownedal by aliens, should be re
edaimed by the government and
hekld for aRteal settlers only.
THE PLACE!
Do yo tbel iaejined to take a glass of
cdd leer, of etoice Wine or Liqnors,
at S QUAR MEUAL, sad then smoke a
SCigar. If you do go to that pope.
tse t, t he 8sleo* and leassiratt cf
A1. W. ADAIS,
Corser econd and St. Dennis Sts.,
altelhltebes, La.
ATIOKNBY AT LAW,
NAT%'ITTJ flL-;, I A.
i->. -
.-J:lc Hllarlan a~ y~"lh\ it is; not a crim
to quit work.
POINTS FOR ThE PEOPLE
-Inequitable distrilution of labor's
productions is the fathir of tha great
discontent now everywhere prevailing.
The rcmedy for the trouble would
seem to be a proper dispositiun of the
Creator.
-('ompetent authority states that
under proper conlitions America could
consume our entire pro,luct at horme
and at the same time regulate its price
which would be two or three times
that now received.-Nonc mnformist.
-I am a populist anti am in favor of
wiping both the old parties out so they
will never come into power again. I
have been a democrat all my life and
am ashamed to admit it. I want every
one of you to go to the polls and vote
the populist ticket.-E. V. Debs.
-What this nation wants-what the
world wants, is not a system under
which human beings are compelled to
beg for a chance to work. but a system
under which a chance to labor, and
the enjoyment of the fruits of one's la
bor, shall be guaranteed as the basic
rights of every human being.-New
Charter.
-The old parties combined to slan
der and abuse us rather than try any
loftger to furnish argument against
the facts we are presenting to the peo
ple every day. but the voters are awak
ening to the truth and making prepar
ations to visit the ballot box this fall,
with a quiet determination to vote for
principle. iustead of being intluenced
by prejudice and falsehood--Chicago
Express.
-No man should be permitted to
monopolize the earth or the minerals
it contains any more than the air above
it. They are the common heritage of
all the people, and a private appropri
ation of them is robbery. And men
commit this crime in order to get the
power to commit another. What they
want is to rob labor of its rewards and
appropriate them to their own use.
Star and Kansan.
-The people's party is the only party
On earth that stands unqualifiedly for
the free and unlimited coinage of sil
ver and gold at the ratio of 16 to 1
that is the silver dollar 16 times as
heavy as the gold dollar-and this be
ing so the man who believes this is
right and yet sticks to either of the old
parties must be simple indeed. If you
want reform vote for it, that's the only
sensible way.-Liberty tell.
-Henry Clews gave the whole snap
away when he sent the Mercury a cir
cular, saying in effect "the democratic
and republican leaders of congress
have given us (Wall street) to under
stand that they will provide for the is
suance of $500,000.000 more bonds to
base national bank currency upon, and
thus forever shut out the free silver
coinage and legal tender paper money
erazes."---cuthern Mercury.
-Laboring men are to blame for their
poverty in one respect. For years they
have been voting for the men who have
created the laws that have made their
condition thus. There is no reason
why the industrial class should not
have the majority of representation in
congress and see to it that laws benefi
cial to themare fraused. By affiliating
with the people's party they have taken
the first step toward their own eman
cipation.-Pleasanton Herald.
-We notice that some of our people's
party papers are elubbing with old
party papers and offering the two at
about the price of one. It don't pay,
boys. When an eight-page weekly
pper is ofered you for clubbing par
pose at only 25 cents a year, just set it
down that sone campaign committee
is making up the balance of the cost,
ead throw the offer in the waste
baskLe. Let the old parties circulate
their own papers; mnone of the old party
papers will club with yours.
-8oe persons who claim to be
-rendly to orgalnid labor tell the lI
boring men that they should not in
ds may prty--aot even the people's,
paty. Thebe self-tyled labor leaders
are doubtless under the thumb of one
or both a the oaid partiesa. Why ahold,
not trgalass lasber Iadorse the peo
ple' party Was not the people's
party born at a em'ustlo of fermrs
sad thirtam ersaa i ergeale labor
ta. k lad? Whab is the pepltrs
a wPre War, W Ie a las, ,artrs
PRIMARY ECONOMICS.
The N :ture. Atltr, . tres and I'f.l'ntio.ns of
Mnie.y (i leariý l)isa--i.sd amtl I:iai.r
lted. *
n1.c y ue n i'. ,t ltrl i :.r id mt.'.:l i- not
am Inic y. i,.' v I, wghat the o; iri- I
m ent .1ayV -hall ibe re. .;\-,11, i:i f.,ll at
isfaction ,f ebht. 1:-r.h iece of i -,oI
moneylV a hav"y 1'.,:v th a ihlatnnter
and it i. no lon-er nn y. ". TIthe ',i
has vanishet. ', .t, , . ':l-z. r '',i -
pel a cretit ,r to r'.'e iv.l it. \h ".' Ii -
cause the t I 'ct or fiat of the ,_ver'n
ment has l,,n oulit,,it,.. The metal
may Ie co i hi e -,i f If l.inth Sit ',o r n
arnt it p ', r , a kl.i'i n tem.l. t n etia'
price. bint i5, t4l Io inl ,
.!e l. V ,o t l un pap-r in- c l .ioll,!:,it,: 2
proi)llllli to y. it i" aI n awu k a n i ;, ti
useles, xpirti.,in. All real ilmonite it
lte;al h Itin er, andi lehtal l .itei'd r niit.,s ni
retiemenr It intapo'. \\'hen prernted
for r li plltio i it calt. ile r it l in
anhV li;ial teni l,'er inone}'. h- n,. it anl
have no real reideemeir. Nat 'rni .alrk
notes andi silver C irtflr ttes ;r: not
real money. lseu, ietu i ere lit5r i, not
It i, i.it, hllow el aili Uoil!n:in l pe'
o pie an the stat-ipdec.t alray fr,,tn the
trutii. The Iir,l'n_., of \\a1ll :treet
senC t l p the crt. sone , -o'A - 3.. i. iof
"fiat muone T.'" . ' 'r.". 'at, -h e1 Iy
an ithin nit p., 'till , ph ople
S wele car t.'ed it, ltiie ,if t i, ' it
t mtloi'V \v'W : . o-on Tho 'v i ire i tinally 1
r.regainelt their stinc. .1 \to l any cr
I lec fiat attneyt hill. rip to r i icile.
c e People th'have icr a unr.3 l t there i, n ei.
no ian .''.or iut at iitni'y. Tlh-. tit is
t hat 't i, the nltornet. Tihe nit:mnee
I eartirba llt e fiat ha- th, i nie'_ I .. w'it hi 1
the tionfle . 'Thal t s!liSt;',,, Itit. oir
nitty n-t. psie- :1 -.h '' titt v -lu'.
but :f it p,, ct , t - n< r. ... 1 aln ',
like i, hi. it is an cvi,.'n,.e t.f the de
f struction of .wealith. So i, on as that
substance lbears the fiat of tmoney the
coluanludity is valuneles. \\'It'y youl IUse
the 'ommodity you de:,troy thie m.,ne:.
It is.therefore, unwise to stamp money
on any valuable comnmo.!ity.
It is riedulous to snuptp.t' that we
need a :metal money to trade with for
tLign countries. .MIoney (tie flat' never
paes bevyond tihe jurirdicti,.n of tit,
nation issuiing it. We belierve it un
wise to imlport good that can be made
in this country, but wise or otherwise,
if we wish to prohibit importation.
-our money should never be placed on a
metal that Is liable to be exported. If
that metal must be exported. let it be
in discs, such as are now used. with
simply the weight and fineness
stamped thereon.
Statistics, however, show that our
metal is never sent abroad to settle
balances. For twenty years past there
has been no considerable length of
time when we imported more than we
explrted, so that there could Ihe anyi
balance to settle. l)urin that time
we have exported hundreds of millions
Iof dollars' worth of prodncts manor
than all our importations. This shows
that the vast exportations of the money t
metals has been to pay the interest on t
foreign capital inxested in the bonds, i
factories, lands, railroads, etc., in this i
country.
If those foreigen leeches. want any
particular product of ours and will pay 9
for it. let them have it. Let us pro
duce all we can and sell it to them, but
do not let us issue bonds to buy it back.
It would be the part of wisdom to keep
our gold mining at its best and pro
duce enough gold to satisfy the greed
of Shylocks. While they are so anx
ious to buy that metal, it is good busi
ness policy to sell them all we can pro
duce. instead of issuing bonds to enter
the scramble for that metal. While
the wild scramble for gold is on. we
cannot be injured by it if we will stamp '
our money on something else. As it
now stands, when those Shylocks grab
for the gold they destrt y our money.
Money should never be placed on any
substance that is r liable to be gob
bled. However much we may advocate
the unlimited coinage of silver and
gold 16 to I. it is our firm belief that
metal should not be extensively used
to bear our money fiat. Paper is han-,
dier and is not so cowardly in time of
trouble.-Meadville (Pa.) Sledge 11am
THE PLACE TO STRIKE.
Labor Orgaalnations Must Secure Their b
The great strike of the American i
Railway union, being a cause of such,
mammoth proportions, has had many ,
eeffects; but there are two which stand ,a
out above all the others. And though e
the strike was a very costly one, both c
to the men engaged and to the country c
at large, the fact that these two points ,
have been made clear to the thinking b
men of the land is well worth all it p
cost. The first point which has been t
made so plain is the necessity for the ',
government ownership of railroads.
The single-taxers have been advocat
lng this for fifteen years. but the r,
week's strike of the American Railway ci
union and the consequent tying up of d
the railroads made more converts than -
our whole fifteen years" work. It was -
then apparent to the most stupid citi- a
men that the railroad business was en- U
tirely different from the grocery busi- a
ness or any form of manufactnr- el
lag. The rrocerymen might quit e
work, or the manufacturers might
quit work, while the rest of the
econtry could go on with its duties.
But when the railroads quit there was
an end to all busiaem. And when peo- r
,pie realised how Bepeudent they were a
upea the railroads it dawned upon
tmthatiit was easy Sr the own-i
alna uatase'rs of Milegedsak eae £
late the lhc.,"!; _, ft, t :Jl:,. .vnen the
rn,, l. ,,."r, r i,,,.. :t-. , .t.,Ip trathie
tchen thnys..,pp,.1 .\ni to:,nv people
have ,'e.n wi .tnlrin tS-in e t, -trike
hom, the t h.,. Ii I f il I t , .e this
T'I.. Othtr poit' l,: , ha: beeni
n11 i," t l.ar l-.i t'.," .1:n ,l +," a l ilw ay n
r i hi . : , - t,. l.:, I t , i :,! ! ,," alnd
i: tl.' .t t a ':it -, .i st ,' : their
ri t ;it th e i ,: l :' ,,e,. ;tiE X r.tt h. th1 , 5
lup tl':er jt. .t, ' t0, tl i ei hi s"t I n soil'
ian id'  Ie1 m e ere, ' ' t take' . heirQ
ila ite st'h we'd to . w, t ex tent t:h'i . r de' tt
lt i 'n t  , the' c;u, ' of j " t ri : went. '
p.,.,e talk about te''r'ave'r of s",lders.
anid pouts sing fI tlr lroe dfat tat
lut the man who li'rt'- lis uciun'- of tI
work is scar ,. e:It idle men st l
I.eadn} to taken tIheir plhuc" and taktife alnt
little sones irVe' toi wli t t'It t ti r hi.n i fct -
their dail v dread. is far unor,' dehe.'ervieug.
W\' hal all this in the strik t \Ye hat.
thel mtst healroiut tie, ,n rt thel caulse. ,
best potssilel of thrnizlion theric deeits
tliont' lea'e'rshcip-anti yet the strike I
failed- failed miserall. The men ai
who te'llinln lwhoft thleir hi:, k an e of
since felt then eavy hant rf thard an
rl is sanaarer. lcitn atidn: t hes' aen ind'
white thought ti numake life tuore' te ele'rae-.
t,e for their letl nei . nw realie thwif and
terrors of blacklist. In China ce''rtain
I criunes are ptn ishit'el bx' putt inig the.'
utheirit's hdeadl tihr, rgh a hole in d etevrd
from eha altting his hin tid to hik mote had
the is free to g whe dever hotin pth causes. C'
It he can get nothing te t.t iunless
inome one crooss -and put it intre his
mlonth. ksut h is the position of the
faklisted -faimen in thiseraly. countr. They
are free to go whte'rever the",' like. tut
the blacklist prevents them from gethave
tince anything to eat: it prevents them e
from earning 3 live'lileeed foer them'- te
selves and families at the onl- trade ,,
they know. as
Now that the stgke lfe is over, the pl
Sfanor uisheir can ealmly go over the va- p
rious phases of the strike anby protit by s
thule eperience. ti'he striker shoilll;id i
take mr. )eb his' advice to hbu an study ire
le inry George' " wherever and se, v-i
but hrt." In that reat hinwork hte will find le
the whole situation carefull analyzed, the
nd the blacklistrong and them frak pomint care
phsical forces, between dollars anthem- t
dollars: the contest at the poll, itr ade- he
tween ideas, between men an a men.
Now foolish then it is to pit the few bp
dtollars of workmrn acrai:.st leullman'a AeI
millonquis when themly cr wage the hi
iosame battle at the strikellt anx where ir
they can pit their millijen votes agaiost '1
the millionairces one. The oenly ad' t
vantage which advicer. to bullman has over T
any other citiz n is the privilev-es i
Sgranted him by law that is, granted a
him by the voters-by us. carefullyr us to e
give him the franchisesa patents and ci
othuller special riilh. The ges and trike is nothen at
tempt to control him by means of force ti
dois as absurd as for the l'nite States ti
government to furnish iti' wards, the ga
Indians, with awl the appliances of war,
and then turn them loose to pid the few t
millirontir wettlements. the h
saMen are apt th be impatient of the ofi
slow results which follow elections. p1
But they must not bei It is better to
have the slow but steady gain there
than to strike ana loTse your joly. If
of truths which Mr. hould not now be dis
aputel it is that the lbor problem can
not be solved by means of the strike.d L
After gene him tionsof rantiks, strikes in-d
volin the greatest privilegacritoes on theI w
tempart of the men, and the highest intel- ti
ligence on the par of the Unitlead States tiers
strikes carried to the very powardst of the
starvation in many instances. the ela
borer is as much a victim of injustice o.
to-day as he was six hundred years
lago.w results which fol
The ballot box is the place to strike. t
havetudy the queslstions t steaorouhly; knowhere
of tourmen. Dowhich not sunpport candidates t
because they are honmeanst thouf the stupidke.
or wise though dishonest, sick men- LT
pwho are both wise and honest. You
lill elect many unworthy men menrs,
strwho will trn their veryacks upon you
starvatiohen elected, and instances the enemy for
a mess of pottage. fut do not be dis
couraged; if one man fails be more
careful next time. The only men who i e
can serve you are broad-minded men to
who see that your trouble is the troju- fa
ble which afflicts all labor, and that ri
permanent good can come only through to
the common cause of all ,roducera.- mi
John Rubeas Din Railwary imes. th
Paute thei areo net tho t .
Senator John P. Jones has done the as
republican party 'the best service he to
could by leavrin it. ie represents the ke
determination to secure the free coi- Jo
age of silver and a silver stanelard, m
with all their dangers. The republoc i
an party never has favord this and a
never will favor it It stands tas it ab
always has. for honest money and a th
currency equal in all its parts and i. 'ft
sues to goltd-Philadelphia Press. pC
-The one thing you should never pa
lose sight of. is. that the contet is be- Jti
tween men and money. It cannot be
repeated too often that humrn rights
are spcrier to property rights. Men, p
and not the things they make, should g
be the supreme concer of goven- a
ment.
CATCHES THE LITTLE FISH.
Fe Poor Metn hlfRe No IP'olitlel Iights the t
Rich Are I iou:il to It,.I pet.
Il n. \ . .I. I'-aii . . f N\ehr; : ,a. nee
splok of a tih nott h: .:75 -dht thi." lit
th ti-h and l .et t ,; ,,,,.- ,,. 'hi 1
t may appear rid.ir dult:i It i, on a lpar 1
l with the- antion of the nim: %%h,. in
ir con trct' tine a pi,!tr\ ho, se-.. left :t
Ismall. and ia lra o e 'nini for the littl t
e chih'ken, and he.it- ri-.e.tively. 'i
th fi h t l ot i n, ts,, 1,-, 1'nt 'res,. tl
m an Itr t han I, . !. "., ":1 jii-.l, ,- ,l "
'aeiti, r.ie '::ro "l'i, : . ti l. r, . .t i t- ,
ly is'tuel erher, flht,'lbi w I, rtp ,Vt ' "l ,
frnti en'e'a in i j p l1til.. int di,- ,
It 'harein'r theitr if thet\ l. .. N l.tIraska :i
paper say
"At I('olui:b h - lait wv, ee(. n ti a-cist- c
ant trirtlniter naile Il Mil.laei-h. lot t
r hi. place ie..:ul-,e his 1n.7e. Iva - hro lrht"
forwtard al . a m:nidt:te for thi le._i.- t,
I:ture in the p pueli-.' un llt: " toll\e,'ll - h
tion. l e did t ,+,' i t t h.-. ni, inr t ,,,.
but his jolh w.ls t.a;,.n f::,n him j''t ;
the same. l.-antt hile. .lohn 11 l. Thltr
tton. general attlrne- f.r tie- I tnion
P a it)i, witi a .taIlaI y of -]. pter er
year. Que, nut .1st a 'uinp;ininr tour Pt
r over the " It , t, r1.elnlilia: n ce: ili
Hdait for 1'nit .l -I t'.." -,.;:,tor, . andt i4
ab., nt w h.,i , -s .".,. ft , n hi- 1,.""a;t ,it- In,
tie-. l..- .anr !.iod hl ar ,, T'hu,'r ,n: '
losin.,g hi- j,,b .sr b,,.in,_ ,,,, r, I to ike,.p
Out of plitie,'. or:" .v,, i. ) nt._r d,; c.l , .
for los-t time.' When the great I'niorten
Pacific railrhad,l that wa,- built with the
pCopele S te mane'. that t .-latl owves ) .5
th'e on nltoln peli ll.' of the, lnited !,
*tatte, sv r a hl nll . i tn liei ,ollarlr ft
n N]hi'h it cannot pa'I. wn1. ut a tih '
net irher to ecatc lr. le 1 I . 1 11,n .I , rd
nmete. eut wiii . a i2 co: ttt-th ilk* ..ehit fr
NI. T'hurtol t0,,p thri l ,n,.h c ed,
the handwr'ritinl on the wall haI t- le- L
comne too' plain to tbe iinti.ltt'erpre.ted."
T:
ARE MEN THINGS?
If C'orporate Monotpoly it Not Wlpi-el Ont
C Vlesh and Itlood WIll Soon lie of No a
v Value.
t Vice P'resident W\'itcke., of the P'11- 1,
man comnany, delýer't've"· l credit at all; t
n events for teeing. perfectly frank in hi i
- testimony lefore the natiotnal lahor la
e commission. Whien Chairman Wright
Saskel him if it wou~l-I net ihe a ged hd
e plan to increase the wage,'- of men in Ii,
- prosperous years. he demurred and r,
v said: "We go into the market for men f'
1 just as we do for materials. It is all l
v regulated by the law of supply and de- 1a
mand. We don't recognize the men as "
l members of unions, but as individuals. h:
If they are not able to plead their own fr
" case it is their own misfortune." w
R The antique BIritish ,myth that em- tl
e ployers only are llenl and employes o
I only thinse has seldom been st
better put. Even the old English econ- ha
, omi.ts never uttered it with such naive ti
brutality. It implies, of course, that a8
s Mr. Wickes anil th ,se who think like C`
e him buy their men as they buy their
i iron. their coal. their lumber or the it
t other things that they buy, according te
- to the law of supply andl demand. d.
r There is no trace whatever of the fun- II
5 damental truth of human brotherhood "
I and its obligations. Mr. Wickes is a t
century behind the sociological times. n
i Men are not things: they are brothers, d'
with the same capacities and aspira- t
tions anu rights to have these capaci
ties exercised and those aspirations eti
gratified.-N. Y. Press. P
The people's party is the only party th
that recognizes the eternal fatherhood ",
of God and the universal brotherhood \%
of man and places man upon a higher P
plane than money.
l (G;Ei-:ru., C. \VAIrD. re,
te
GETTING TOGETHER. ,jt
1 The Wage-Workers of New York Are Gotag pl
to ('Cast a Solid Vote for the People's hI
Party. I
I Speaking of the action of the Central m
SLabor union. of New York city. indors- tr
ing'the platform of the people's party dt
and declaring their intention of taking sn
political action. President ;ompers. of at
the American Federation of Labor, said: th
"The action of the Central Labor te
union is the natural result of the last tit
two yearts' agitation. If our men are .ce
true to themselves, and I am confident ot
they will be. we can endl several men be
to the legislature and capture two or la
three congressmen. I eelieve we will s.
poll a better vote than we did in 18e6. de
The time is ripe for it. Recent judicial ju
decisions, the injunction against IDebs I1
and the entire policy of perverting the a
law to oppress labor,'have aroused the te
people to the necessity of action."
11(
The Silver Qucetion. C
The socialists, as a rule, opFnse the tr
free coinage of silver at a ratio of 16(1 an
to 1, or any other ratio. The populists to
favor it. In this the populists are da
right. The people have not beent al- tri
lowed by their leaders to study the fo
money problem, and do not understand hi
the money functions. They do know m.
that silver money can be made by law rS
as good as gold money. and. there- in
fore. it is well to enact that law. and w
keep gold and silver money until a ma- m
jority of the people can be taught that ye
metal is not necessary for money at alL m
When a majority favors government th
money. the majority will have it, and aF
should have it. lut until that time L
the mints of the nation should be as at
free to silver as they are to gold. Every es
populists desires this. and is working it
to accomplihsh it. Neither of the old k
parties want it, and will not have it if
they can prevent it--Comingo Nation. e
I---------------- ci
-Write it down in big letters-the g
populists will control the next con
grea and cut no small gre in t~ c
- 9IM4tiOP.2fkp! ~
ILLIIvLI I VI.II Li
i he ` I :th' Io"t', r:.th, "of , L.a.i r I' ns-.- Ilte' -
lil mm I la J,.rsm;·· t.·h• .11 ' sa ' oi I. he I1
o!hr.1- lith t .. . f .Ir It.. t t
-I
,i'i. t" r,";'" I. ý ..t t'1{' 1,: l~t '\I 1 Jt i'f'
Ith .; t he1.. * .f t, 1.. tor It ?;tnr Iion
tof ,L:,.u" r, i: ti : t, e -pri: hlti hli
ClI f ltin -i.t I i.t , . : li t i. hte
i ' n t ta ."t t . llI, , ,. l fl i
1,1n 1n"it i, ' l% , m i f ' "t :Ihu
Wsiasm The .- I : IninI t - it ; , '" 1 with
i7 t".i lai. . " . . "i: *... . ,r:.,
,I '._ i tl ,,l i . _ , :. | II 1it, . I i n1,' ,rl 1 1
thr t i i r l
ri f ra . T.. . I , t t  ' n tc. .ill"tl
l" t 1i, I i d an d f r 't h.t . .t .' ri
I ji i it-u,'l pnt -. . t U -' - -, - a - ' t irt ,t
i., h. .. . "'f! . _ , . . T h, , t'", . . . . i, -, t
ht' V . lit ,1," , ' , of , ,II . It c" 1..l I t' "L, l j 1"1
1. i- l 1 , i. ,' h 1 i . i,,, t I I .. . .b \t
i' a it . , I ll t i tI it ' ' i ,! l I e I)
a 1fr.,ni ' 1..Til : tr ,, a i, I"i , .I , I: ."I
Tuiki'n the G.r1."ntni'., ity tIttI{.i 't An1
elves. Stieit him r onm nt I
ith.rti . t I, th " li r' i" r ' ,f t l. nl, t hl
Iut -,,' .I i it , r .h ., r:is , , l, . ' t ,i.riti -
ra boi. tL .. ol . ir itnl ir. il i,, ,, - "t "l , .+
'[li hen ltat ao n u t ae ft it Via
rlet the Govern m nt ..i, ; rlin ,I un
itre .. thme thr I .e. ibu niue it it titii
!: !: o e , . ' i . , , ; .il.; , l . :tl nipll iia.. t
ll.abor p isentring th l pl i, ic" lr ilt h.l.
loer tI t lh e l nl d :. ,f h n tht, I, Iabor
.h titin tks. r ts c i le the ltcll o
fom .a praetiins o ion nt a le i'f itolnl
raonlll e i,. 1 cfr i,,m nal fi l l;'h" ...., .1m t'
ike th e Governm etnt I he Ilot l If Any-r
olre. fTrhn pthr r its itu re I lla Imetul
letr. nhoot iane oll; blloenl ti t. r
lMany hio oe faor lah ,ll'inl tiel ainln
ertla, land tp iel truhiy nletot feln La-r
fr o~btain its ri n.s t i by ti,, it onll,.
T jh+, i- lnv" nith,.In Do ";,.n ol,.;le toi
tile and eiaty, witme. e rin chtsfure
labor orga nizattions .,in inl, p$,dil l''.
Tllhen what do p-lr i for.aii fior'. We
have run that to strike tsainit feur-il
lvon es is crimin al fily:r we t lls neta
reist the golsernent wi o rr ll t r il
oallre. Then ptcere id hut or. Ane toil
left. and that is the ballot. I lri!alniz-d
labor is entering the political Aitor! all
over thmove l over into Engln? aor
live the voe. The can takel their moneyr
willth them. no atter y whe a. captreol
they madove it but wthe willot make it tt
no more men pile lp milliburn up ofll th
stllars out of labor. Th all onl troe.n
all and special privileg'sc for not'.'" We'
canis n erning party alant to iartour
ilolatrvn is the millicurse oa thirs and cap
itda. Men tlk sst thdon't lke or walty to ai
political parthey cisan equ do what Mr. Aor halt
to the gove over inment. m a reand
live there. They can take their mioney
with them. no matter by whalt inetho'l
thaway frmade it; but we will an be to it tme
noWe must not e te inilli f anys
dpllary. out ofmake politichel par toull
isreacernin to vote with an part. ar mat
juslitice to laborty an returnt to yalte e
party. bIt e imake poitical part'e our
r eally to vote with any p:irt., no mat.
terwhat its name, if It will onl" do
ple their riihts. Brother,. he carefuI
how you vote, and for whom you vote.
Do not lie linded by pr.jTuliCec. R*
member that all this cry ahlt)uit frew
trade and protection is only to thro-o
dust in your eyes, or fill thi":' with
smolc'. The new Wilson lill] u tl1"
anll aver'a of 9 per t'.'nt tlowr th rs'
the McKinley bill. [The p,uiltiall c ni
test before itus will only lme a shami bat
tle. sofar as the twootllp t' its tre ein
oened., to dei'i ve you an-I ,.ri, Voir
votes. There is but litteh diff. ir.nce
between them as to priniciph The
last official act of ltresiilent Hiarri
son was to appoint a -ntuthlern
democrat to be a linittd States
judge. (ine of the first auts of
President Cle-velan I was t, ap;etinnt 
a life-ion-, repuilici tn t.i i,,i si-,,r.' try of
state. 'rha same man tllyn'V the (hicawo
lleraldand a contrulling|interest in the
Chicaigo Inter Ocean. Ihi teaches free
trade in out' paper ti thie democrats,
and high protection in another paper
to the reputlicans. on one and the same
day. toath parties are owned and con
trolled by capit:l. When. a man asks
for yiur vote, find oitt who he is. what
his principles are, and who he repre
sents. If he is a capitalist or repre
sents their interests, it is not to your
interest to vote for him. no matter
what his party label. l.'ind out how
monopoly votes, and thirn let labor
vote against it. and see which has the
most votes. It is unnatural to suppose
that organized cainital, ,ir itt paid
agents. will vote f'r ytir interest..
Labor must have a party of its own,
and vote for it., own principles, inter
eats and candidate-. if it ev'r 'obtainsi
its rights. Let the cry tf l:tthr le "o'rr
to Washington." The g-ov'raitiienit htar
eaptured you tby bullets: :iw you must
capture the gov.rnment Ity balli,ts:sani
in the languae of .James R Sovtereign,
grand master workman ~f tii Knightv
of Labor. "if anyone attemot, to re-"
capture it by bullets. sheot him on the
spot."--Extract from Labor Day Ad'