LOUISIANA POPULIST.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $1.00 A YEAR. There is No Free Country, Unless the People Rule.
VOL. 11, NATCHITOCHES, LOUISIANA, FRIDAY, JUNE 19, 1896. NO. 1.
O H, N O W ILL.IAM I .fulc - i-, In -, ,r...
OH, NO WILLIAM I
IIt
Your pasent attultde may suggest a combination of grace and Ingenuity.
but It's not the combination to work that lock.-National Bimetallist.
Tbh 1 R~oan at the peopls are di
wsju rlig._ _
MoKIaiq keeps silent, beay keqe
*veye.- wmulsjing.
The. wwot " t daft 1 Ia Is that
law miem 'mnassy.
CUTOJsad's aimad.g as 1 muaedna.
ratlnum umibbed.
PFse diver iaMll rif't. but a free pso
Ii' r ie aleat aim.
Gat ?Wlin *b aeui6W oft!aberoad I
0m121m's Iaarrse6 ow trie
rapouar tuoSU) a reap.
t
7M oaly way h awl t cpat Pope
b t Is al eo msabls np.
7hl is b t 400yay to deatt the e
atd po-dsoe the Pcgibt ticket. t
f ,iwbss is .Dnt "la il" any
MGM Tha divalees haotiini hima
TIC
. r'l ~ Ilrkr oJ
In mowt -~ ;nod=' with mw a
r~e mt fti
it is - t ataoamm tot ea
fl Is toib tu that ma the
matias m~mev. Q
Tuft pr. pu m -r 40 iedt 6
ub.'si-}fi t sd bi. H. sla, ema
may to 3dm sr' ma
0.'8r. Odls would tvAi be r er1'
a4ot blOw Y b W arerr P g a Om m
d'fit'ere
-id u r8.m a pa s rs >trscd- to
SmSrut i othe (~aIt
rýams · sºomof7
^-~i~~ ~ii'ii r rarm~a 'iij
bFIli tort. as O LIIIIst- +
iM i trar... d
a». L---- .~. Q
·I~~ ~~ -gsrbr`~
9u
,iii·s
rr~tm
a eb- The brethren in unity should dwell.
The Osons Courier says tha 'the edl
a tor of the Del Rio Record is about a
muih of a democrat as a dred polecat
Is a hunk of cream cheese." Elegant
that eoaelarison.
Is it not aI(agrlar, even unaonounta
c bre , that the law kept siher and gold
dollars t pear, or on a parity as money,
o- trama 1832 to 1873? No one carce =
whether dtver asn gold bulion is on a e
parity or not. Bu~ilon is a cuannodity e
oed i s beef or cotton. law makes money. a
There le no way to ersapa the 1ah&. If a
not, why is not beef, cotten, chiLkenm, u
lead and brass money? All, Bud, In- v
trinc value has nothing to do with it.
'- The National Bank of Jeffeemn, Tex.,
lad ailed. It bad a capital of $100,000, tl
they allt Moibhitlm ros mnat in $180,000, el
thallh sin rect report showed asoete s4
aseanting to $332,900, says the (Co.
anche CIief. Just no. What does a L
repoet aas at to? This shows the a
reader bow the "bedt banking yeten
os a earth" esrates. Think of it, awing
a depmltam S0,6 M ! WondeIti sys
tea. Aema i many reorns needed
Igvernment Danhe Is one of them.
he t . A. tWaraer, prealdeI t of the a
OornoMated Oilver unions, In a recent P
Interview, said that it the demoeraMt
Sdere for silver at Chicag be and aln
he n1 triad will s/pprt that ticket.
Salas id tbhat all silver men, In
, ,hateyer party, moat and wit do the
ne Iae hins. In this he is adly mno.a- si
ken. The Pbpullpts, lnded, no well a1
i.roessa refonmernwarJdot awxm do tlhe ti
a PeopW Part y the sake of silVer, 5I
for te Pgieh'S Pty was the trot to *
deolare for the fre cor mage of tlver at
Sthe tio of 18 to 1M. 1, Gea. Warner,
of year judgmgt ilat hult.
"ITe delegates to te omd prty con- c
ti- to by aieti tMlalads,"
i a*iu the aremada ~dolate~h West, de
"wah over-y at aided feor soet' re
Ima · lr to ~ a e. Do yep lii
Sea er are goin' to Iepardise CI
it sh. 4 ite shtlm granting th
xsM W dtlas? har tl (aF I e the
e m ad. paglte slr ntw a Leay es l
iears'Iee as e te ais behea of a
whaltao. Oatdlte to tic posecet .
pmaity eonsmes at C bnzrnf waed a,
2! m hs, sami I is sied hathbe e% al
'a4. M .o af tbas Do you nip- lei
one sk. PakenIs as ot will ol an
ealt!" . I t ikt well f beep year
* iDil ls imISa, ae tsr at they o 1
, i~nm s ome ms are
IW
asb mm
Ua
('Ii A
3~ fatid ams piaceed In Tems
at our last state eltice. Let it be un
derstood right now, coce for all, that
the PoptSllts will not tolerabe it agne,'
rt would seem from Senator HlaI!s
recent course that he has become
[ Clew~r 's specal champion. "abll
ties makes strange bed fellorw," La
deed.
Gov. C;tberumc is vietng with Joe
Ds~aey for the fist place as the thu
muat'gist in Teras polities. Char.ley
played the chameleon act during (the
fast election. But no one excpats any
better of a Deamulcrat.
Wocf.d you not prefer a rbpulst in
eve-y county office over a Dcmoorat,
If the Populit.was ccrcpetent and hon
est, no nld er whether you liked hirm
prsom1aly or oot? You woulda'tl
WcfI, w'e lnuld.
And Kentucky went for free silver at
16 to 1. But what is the use to con
tinue Instructing for silver, when the
pwens that be msay that their delegates 1
shall not be seated in the national con
venitsoa? R Is thus that the way of the I
counterfeit reformer is made hard.
Whane O. M. Rdobo'ts wa governor
the ':ote emcrntmt c[ taxes paid by the i
people footed up five mitl.io dollars, I
while last year they paid over siwteen
mT.IHon of do laar Tie gross increase I
in taxen under C. A. Culberson in one
ell. year s oe miluon three tndred I
tholsand dclarc, whktih is In excess of d
the total amoun.t colected the first
mt
yot Rdbo.l',' aanmnstrattos. We
ame no bowing Roberts' horn, but
etate the act.s, eo that the people can
sm wlsat our "heroic young Christian
.- T govearr" is ecGt Lg tehn. Oonpera b
ld your tax receipts t
y, ThBe ides at universal money, or b
'S money gcod anyv were in the world,re- h
a minds us of a certain preacher's pray- to
ty er. He was very pious, but very Kliter- ti
Y. ate, and he had a set prayer that be
Iimadi at meetings when he was called
n, upon to pray. The old elder also was e
n' very missionary in spirtt. In one part t
L of his prayer he said: "Oh, Iord, have
m, er'cy upon the people who inhabit In
), the land that the foot of man hath nev- *
p, er trod nor the eye of Ocd hath ever it
e seen." When in the history of the w
., world was there a universal atxney? DI
a Like the people prayed for above, it
te never existed, and never will. ce
a ----- --- *r
A WINDOW MIRROR.
- Tasmepare+t l ea the inside, SBa a
SLokl&ag Glomw Ontside.
A transparent mirror was brought
from Germany to this country a few
te months ago by a New York firm and the
t perplexing properties of the glass ex.
, cited much curiosity. It was at once
in demand for many purposes and the
same firm Is now engaged in Importing
It In large quantitles. It is still a nov
S lt', and some screens, made of this ml
Sglass have recently been placed on lo
sale at one of the local stores. They ab
I are probably the frst to be viewed is at
e this city. The coating Is placed on one
r, side of the glass just the same as the
Ssilvering on the mirror and has the o
same properties of reflecting the rays od
light sad color. The dfference, how
ever, is that when looked at from the a
back the coating is entirely transpar a
cat. To one sitting indoors the view aCO
without is not obstructed in the least ch
but a pedestrian peering into tre win. tUl
dow or doorway Is greeted by his ow hal
refetion. The glass Is used largely ia 1
Slieu of screens where privacy is de pal
Ssired without obstruction o Jlght from be
I th. atside or barring the vision at ai
these iaide. It was introduced witb for
effect rt In a Neow York club window, an•
Behind it the chapples could sit and Th
tge the gir sad view the pa-sa rd
-tlrol without being hemiselves ob o
SServed. Its um was alo resorted to 1a
Scafes, whe It offered privacy to theose t
letgim tside, while th( latter had
a udltaurbed view of the street. nd
D ol't bul a pigl a poke.
l He who disparages wants to buy, y.
8e who bays betim boys eheoaply. d
: NOT WIOELY KNOWN.
The title rabb meaie mAeete -r
swLead's Iime lmdusry mpl7 poy
.pt , ae , hmy
ulejlmhe alhlaert of Coanlma
hele theater Ia the warM Is
I on. optera s euse h..,. wtr.
_ * tdiedb. 7. e.-...&m... t
.. .. a - .... t
/i
SLIMITED OWNERSHIP.
that
-A-0, HAS A MAN THE RIGHT TO OWN
Hils A WHOLE STATE?
Ome
bl- O*ettinlg at the Fundamental Principles
" __ of Limited Ownership - What the
Great Ucholar and Historian Thinks
Abeout It.
Joe -I__
mley Among the profound and scholarly
the articles in the April Arena is one from I
ay Dr. Ridpath on the limitation of owner
aship of property. We present the fol
lowing extract from it:
it in The hints of limitation are to be $
cat., found alike in man and nature. Man b
bion- is naturally a limited animal. There f
hin is no part of him, no element in him, d
'tI that is not by nature under limitations. t
He is not composed of infinities but fin- ti
ities. His life is meted and bounded c
r at at every exereme. He begins in proto
cn- plasm and ends in dissolution. His i
the entrance is an ascent and his exit a 14
sites tumble down. All of his powers arc I
ron- naturally and wholesomely circum- b
the scribed; and the limitation is not such v
as he himself regards as slavery. b
Take the case of the senses. The
nor sight of a good eye reaches from one b
the mile to six miles, according to the big
ar, ness of fhe thing seen. The finer to
en sounds we do not hear at all, and the ti
Dae heaviest cannonade of thunder, beyond fe
one the horizon of a few miles, is mere si- of
ta lence. No animal can feel what it
s of does not touch, or taste what it does gi
rat notfeeL Raundaboutthe nature of man TI
We there is drawn such a limit that his c
but wholeworld of sense is not twenty miles tb
a in diameter. He does not fly; and his a
Sswimming is a fit subject for humor; ri
he is a walker or at most a rider. It to
takes time for him to go abroad, and at
other time most tedious for him to get ch
or home again. The young man full of fe
re- hope, coming back from across the sea ar
ay- to the wicket gate of his adored, finds th
er- the last five miles a thousand. lit
te She for her part, leaning out of the 1
led window, reckons the last hour to be po
ra eternity. Both are limited; not even th
tthe exulting hope and the bounding pr
art heart of youth can cancel time and er
e space. gi
in A large fraction of life-a third, they er
- say, is spent in sleep; another fraction
rer in eatlag and idling; another in the by
he weakness of childhood and the weari
? ness of old age; still another in sickness po
it and accidents and the mistakes of svo- ha
cation. A fifth fraction is expended in ic
going about and in useful intercourse pei
with others in like employment. The te
selxth and last fraction is consumed in he
marying and giving in marriage and in th
;ht ttending to the principal business of Th
life-which in America is voting a
e party ticket an
S Certainly these limitations, partly
S atural and partly Artifielal, are .mu- we
dent to curb life within a narrow cir
ele of activities. Dil
It is enough to make happy even a the
t mierable member of human society to
look around him in the world, to walk lni
ey abroad, to hear the song of birds, the wh
Sclamorous music of the circada, the ma
o bark of the distant squirrel; to see the I
be flight of many ereatures, the swimming the
h. of some and the scampering away of
e others. Though there is a limitation tiol
Supon them all-a limitation drawn of
t around all activity and power as if with in
r a geometer's hand-yet there is no unl
, complaint, or anguish, or hunting for adn
it change or symptom of revolt. Na
a turi and the living creatures that in. rig
r habit her domain are all visibly and
Smanifesttly meted and bounded with to
a principles and confines which may not who
p be passed; and yet, taken as a whole, the
d nature is an orderly place, well fitted
h for happiness, given to hospitality, sup
r. and pervaded with much good cheer.
id The eonly creature that seems to be dis- of a
erderly, troubled, vexed with cress pur- owa
• poses and uesound sleep, is the princi
n pel inhabitanL What is the matter far 1
ie with him?
I Thro is much the matter with him; Di
eand his ailments are hard to deane. On the
the whole, the trouble with mankind gree
seme to be that the limitations de- cra0
meaded ia order that socelty may exist cla.
and the iadividual be free have not att1
been laid with the right ltent, by the oat.
right authority, in the right place. A!
They have been laid with wreon in- said,
Stesnt, by Illegitimate authority, in the oat
very pln where they ought not to you
have been laid at all, They have been Ye
laid by power, by selfishnes, and by in 11
ergaised tyranny, on the weak and un- port
oganised elements of society, where in
there was no need of limitation or anyabe
I gsugges of it except the suggesthu the
to eslave, So much distress, s much Clet
eMfetnle, have arlsan from the mis
piosemni o lilmitatlen that human be- TI
l_ a hays become distrustful of the
prlmsndof limitatien: and as a result
te a sts ableaeuilibrium between Afrl
the amtnes of anachism and slavery, t.
There Is, we must admit, no wolr-er- s
de red el-devned,and wellestabled o
hemem oentgy in the world, Every- at
tabl sq'Japle In the one direction or ueme
R. tbe ether. eway buses selag havq
MeMe to Ibe pusliag his neighbor eitr ter.e
: td oury Into asarchy. IMh el- con
be the egber late me of the'eatresyt,4
51 stbaIm ae -dt easnlet, NWood him.
qinmstoteto e seM e Whgther Mi tabs
theaualallaear anM theme
2 l~asses
IP I scious orders of being that flourish
around us. They live in easy perfec
tion, and die without distemper or an
IWN guish. Why should sot a man get
through the world as well and is hap
pily as a rain crow, a bass or r ,eaver?
That men are happier and better for
possessing property, for having some
the thing of their own for getting as a re
mn5s ward of their toil a possession that thcy
may enjoy, can no more be doubted
than that rain refreshes the fields and
Irly sunshine makes glad the world. That
'rom property is also the beginning of that
ner- cruel strife which has converted the
ol- world into a slaughter house and ulti
mately made every human being so
be selfish that he can hardly any longer,
Man by the utmost strain of his powers, pre
Here fer another to himself, can as little be
Im, doubted as denied. Is it not possible
ons. that the doctrine of limitations applied
fln- to property might rob it of its power to
ded curse and promote its pow?r to bless? I
oto- It is not property moderated and lim
His ited, but only the want of it, or the law- ,
t a less ecess of it, that curses the world.
arz It is the too-much or the two-little that
am- blasts the hopes of men. There is a 1
uch vast ares of intermediate possessions,
between the extremes of poverty and
The wealth, that is almost an unmixed
one blessing.
ig- We may note also that it is in this in
ner termediate and wholesome region, be- e
the tween the extremes of want and iur- p
md felt, that the genius of the world and all t
si- of its saving forces are born and econo
it mized. We are acustomed to say that t
oes genius has its birthplace in poverty. i1
ian This opinion prevails because in-somed
his conspicuous instances the children of a
les the humble poor rise to the godlike I
his stature. That any one so born should b
or; rise at all is a thing so remarkable as v
It to attract the attention of the worid ii
Ind and to favor the opinion that only the c
get children of poverty can be great. In a p
of few Instances the children of the rich I4
sea are born great also. But the rule is p
ida that the greatness and power of human b
life proceed from the Intermediate con- si
the lition in which there is neither abject t4
be poverty nor abounding riches. In this i:
yen there is an emphatic suggestion of the ci
ng principle of limitation applied to prop- w
.nd erty; and here the debate properly be- ci
gins. If society could agree that prop- tl
tey erty shall freely exist, that every man tI
on s all have for his part all that he earns tU
he by his labor and skill, and no more, a
ri men Indeed would not be equal in their b
:a possessions, but poverty on the one re
o- hand would eease, and the glut of tb
in riches on the other hand would disap- a
e pear. Those who have nothing-and a
he starve-would rise into the vast and y
in healthy body of society composed of is
in those who have something and live. pi
of Those who have too much-and surfeit tb
a -would be drawn back from excess, os
and would be absorbed in the great os
ly body from which in an evil day they fa
a_ were permitted to escape. th
What follows? It follows as the ti
night the day that somewhere between m;
a the right to own the valley of the MIs- co
to sissppl or the whole United States a fot
Ik line of limitation must be laid, over in
ie which no power known among men loI
a may be allowed to pass. To pass this tot
i line is to pre.see the antecedents of gi'
g the inevitable enslavement of mankind. pr,
I It is thus perfaKly clear that a restric- tiq
n tion on land ownership is a necessity th,
of the situation which has supervened bn
h in human so-.ety. The principle of ha
to unlimited ownership cannot be longer wil
ri admitted if Civil and industrial liberty fro
is to be msatained as a part of the Me
rights of mra. It is already absurd to ani
d speak of uplimited land ownerihip, or b
to attempt to defend it. I doubt ma
t whether arjy man in his senses here in chi
the high Jight of the last deca,.e of a the
d great century will dare to champion the for
supposed right of an individual or of a wil
r. corporati body to own the five states eve
of our soat northwestern group, or to hal
own one of them, or a quarter of one of e
.them. If there be such, he and I dif
Sfer teto coelo and forever. p
Watn'm View of lUmes tha
Bae Thllman is swearing around is tloi
the vest, and heating the boiler is pro
gr bt style. Says that if the demo- ae
-eroids national convention does not ie- wit
tcla.s, uneonditionally, for free silver the
t at 14 to 1, he will take his hat and walk fru
tsouL ben
SAl right, Ben; but you knew you ks
- maid, ia 12, you were going to walk eve
m ost if they nomIated Cleveland-but Prc
I you didn't walk. Iab
STe knew as mueh about Cleveland lae,
in 183 as you knew now, but you sup- whi
ported hml all the same. tar
aIn the meanwhile, Ben, go righl me
ahead and heat the bonler. It's hu for clal
athe boys, and doesn't seem to worry deo
SCleveland.-People's Party Paper. Ld
The spectacle of lboring men cheer- o
ins the arsuments sophktris t i
Carisle i enogh d disgust a Soth will
African bhthea. There is au amale
that delights to· tick the hand thatli
smitas t, and thee seems to be some
of these ame the Isborhing classes Io
Srchisags. Gror Cklevelamn , hs r
aseset, Cqyllsle, and John sherman .r
hav dis me s destroy the best Ina
tersts ad t* lartnl casses of this b.d
contry tas.aar other three mem, saLd are
ysthe pepet will set up sat cheer aw
whi. It olW hw sthat the deserve
Wb ethe olsvos t~ sar, d vt ther xi
I t ea es ~ei l st. slbyrq with le,
- thiB_ would- ? ti,.. little Us. h
S~,_4rr l tl#takr
rFab ARTIPICIAL FOOD.
fec
ai- Time la L.` ming When We hali Dine
get on Pink Tablets.
lap- It is now prophesied that the time
rer? Is coming when bread and beef and
for milk or their equivalents will be pro
me- duced artificially in the laboratory of
re- the chemist, says the New York Jo:ir
hey nal. Prof. Berthelot, the distinguished
ited French chemist, is the authority for
and this statement and he declares that the
hat first steps have already been taken
hat and he is sure that the coming genera
the tion will have such artificial food. It
Il-. will be the same food chemically,
to digestivelyandnutritively speaking.but
wer, will differ in form. Just what the form
re- of the food will be is not hinted at, ex
be cept that it will probably be served cold
ble in the shape oftablets, and of any color
led or shape that may be desired. Prof.
to Berthelot says gourmets and epicirer
s?' may mourn, but he feels assured when
m_ they have grown accustomed to the
,w- change they will eat nothing prenared
Id. In any other way. In the future a
iat burned beefsteak, chop or cutlet will
sa be a thing unknown and a steak well
ns, done may be ordered in a dim brown
nd colored tablet or a steak rare may be
ed ordered in a tablet of light rose hue.
The colors alone, the chemical prophrt
In- declares, will delight the epicurean
)e- senses and do much to overcome the
Ir- prejudices that are bound to exist when
all the change is finally introduced. It has
o- been demonstrated that even at presrnt
at tea and coffee could be made artificially
ty. in the chemist's laboratory if the neces
no sity or the commercial opportunity
of should arise. Sugar is another com
ke modity universally used that can now
Id be made in the laboratory, and an in
as vention has been patented by which,
id it is claimed, sugar can be made on a
be commercial scale from two gases at a
a price of little more than 1 cent a pound.
ih In a long and interesting report on the
Is possibilities of obtaining food products
in by artificial means Prof. Berthelot
n- says: "The essential principle of b!,th
ct tea and coffee is the same. The dif
is ference of name between them and
ie caffein has arisen from the sources from
p. which they were obtained. They are
e- chemically identical in constitution and
p- their essence has often been made .syn
in thetically. The penultimate stage in
is the synthesis is theo-bromine, the es
e, sential rilnciple of cocoa. Thus it :nay
it be seen that synthetic chemistry I1
ie ready to furnish from its laboratories
if the tiree great non-alcoholic bever
-ages in general use. And what is true
id at food substances is equally applicable
id all other organic substances." There
if Is little or no limit to the professor's
e. predictions concerning the changes in
It the present existing condition of affairs
s. on this mundane sphere. He says: "It
it one chooses to base dreams, prophetic
Y fancies and so forth upon the parts of
the present one may dream of altera
S tions in the present conditions of hu
n man life so great as to be beyond our
Scontemporary conception. One can
a foresee the disappearances of the beasts
r from the fields, because horses will no
a longer be used for traction or cattle
s for food. The countless acres now
I given over to the growing of grain and
L producing vines will be agricultural an
- tiquities which will have passed out of
F the memory of men. The equal distri
bution of natural food materials will
t have done away with protectionism,
r with custom houses, with national
frontlers, kept wet with human blood.
Men will have grown too wise for war
and war's necessity will have ceased to
be. The air will be filled with aerial
motors, lying by forces borrowed from
chemistry. Distances will diminish and
the distinction between fertile and non
fertile regions, from the causes named,
will largely have passed away. It may
even transpire that deserts now unin
habited may be made to blessom and
be sought after as great seats of popu
lalon in preference to the alluvial
plains and rich valleys." The new food
that it is predicted the coming genera
tion will live upon-in fact, the great
proiportion of our staple foods which
ase now obtained by natural growth
will be maunfactured direct through
the advaace of synthetic chemistry,
arwm their constituent elements, car
bea, hydrogen, oxygen and nitrogen.
As an eideace of the possibility of the
eventfl disppearance of agriculture,
Prof. Berthelot cited as an instance of
laboratery products the dye stuff alizar
lae, the eoloring principle of madder
which was formerly a great agricui
taral Industry, but which is now al.
moit wholly supplanted by the artfi
elal product from coal tar. He also
decles that chemists can now make
lndigo direct from its elements and ar
tflelal indigo will soon become a great
commercial product. A century hence,
If all that is predicted is true, people
will be eating their soup, meat, fish and
vegetables in tablets that will come in
Ui boxes labeled "keep it in a coo'
Dpaisee" and they may be eating a full
aurse dIna while running for a train,
r they can luneh a comfortable
MrLkA unanofoed in an elevated
tral a a aeble ear on their way to
beInes, 4f gpach means of locomotion
are et out at date In that progressive
Kins Allien si Spain wlll le 10
ears old est apnth and will diea be
W.4dpe1 Mea ti his alitary tutors sad
qess W eh..# W nreSt