LOUISIANA POPULIST.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $1.00 A YEAR. There is No Free Country, Unless the People Rule. PRICE, 5 CENTS.
VOL 11. NATIt'CI !T1)CtHE , L()UISIANA, FRIDAY, AI['(,iST 30, 1895. NO. 2
ia - -- -- • i i i nn a ....
THE BANK OF VENICE.
IRREDEEMABLE PAPER A PE:E
MIUM FOR 400 YEARS.
"he ('r.dit of a (.rest (,overrnmnent is
.-lti an~ Iletter Tlhan a Temporary and
kertshalllle Lot of ('llin--lIedeenab o
|,oney M:leats I llCuery.
\\lhen Napoleon lionapart. in 17:17.
htattered t;,e famousi \enetian vase,.
andi Iritbucl:l . :ii ; t ,olitl,'al map te
still Inure faItoi: i, \ cunltian r e lpui e.
1, gau a tl iain btw to tie lirst antdi
biest bank the o orli cvr know.
I u:niidtJ in tl,+ ,art 1171 the han~
of eniice iivc aniii ;lrI,-hed for 6i;i
v ars.
An institution ~iliich thuis carne .o
near living t,) the a;4- of Mlcthiusaleh
deserves couiidera, b; niotitie.
In 1171 ther:e ia, a war' between
\enice ana the liouiain inpire of the
(a-t.
Venice, bein_ hard up for, cash,
Jorrolr) l '.vu ) ,!iJ') icats from her
rich citi :enc.
In returnr for thi, loan thll govern
Inent -iiiply gate the lendters a credit
oni tho goveinnuent books for the
amloulltit loanied.
In other word., if a cititcn loaned
1 ti lneat, to the governin nt Ihe was
ientered upoun tie got ernment books
a, a cretiitor to that amount. lie
held a rcr-tipt or certificate to that
amount aLgailt the government.
Now the Venetian republic iue
reeded in its war with (onstantino
ple. eaplturel the city and became
ter. rich and poI crful.
Ilencie, a claim against the govern
ment i a. peirfecrtly tcood, and the
people doin; busilness with each other
preferred tiese claiiums against thet
go ''rnment to either gold or silver.
For instance, slluppose a merchant
of Venice held a claim of 1(NO ducats
against thli g overnmint. he "wishes to
buy goodtis Iloom a miierchlant in uon
stantinople to the amount of 1,ut
ducats: to suod t:ie gold or silver wa,
dangerous anlltl costly: to send a trans
fcr of his clain against the govern
mentt was safe and cheap; the mer
ciharit in ('onstantinopie preferred the
claim against the government to gold
or silver, because it gas equally valu
able and more easily kept; hence the
transactionr between the two mer
chants was closed, to their mutual
satisfaction and benefit, by the trans
fer of the debt which one of them
held against the government.
These government credits wete pre
ferred by the Venetian traders for
many of the reasons which at this
day create such a ravenous hunger
for the bonds
Bonds are mere government cred
its, yet we have just seen how eager
ly gold is exchanged for them.
'Ine bank of Venice, founded upon I
this loan of 2,l00),oo ducats, was a
government bank. At the beginning
it was merely a ,-chamer of loans." ;
The credits we have spoken of sup- t
plied the circulating medium. Tile
transfers of these credits upon the
books of the bank was equivalent to t
so much money changing hands. a
In 1423 a cash offtice was added and "I
the bank of Venice received and re- t
turned cash deposits.
In 1687 a discount office was added.
Thus we see the great republic of I
the Venetian cities running, for hun- i
dreds of years, a bank which had the
three departments of the modern
bank--circulation, deposit and dis
count.
But the two latter departments I
never interferea with the original ss- t
temrn of transferable credits used in '
the payment of debts. t
At first the government allowed 4
per cent. interest on the loans. In
1453 the interest was abolished and t
thereafter none was paid. I
At first the loan was made on the e
promuse of repayment. Soon the a
transfer system became so much more a
convenient and desireable, as a circu
lating medium, that no one wished a
for repayment. All preferred to hold
claims against the government. Con- t
sequently, In 1423, all promise of re- I
imbursement was abolished.
After 1425 whenever a citizen gave
his gold in exchange for government.
credit he could never demand the
gold again.
No coin was kept as a specie basis
of credit. No *gold reservo" maniac
had then been discovered and wor
shipped as a statesman. t
The bank lived 40) years after it
had ceased to promise to return gold
for gold. It lived on the strength of c
the government, and on the demand c
for a cheaper and more convenient C
way of making settlements than with
gold and silver coins.
The cremllt money of the Bank of u
Veaice was not only as good as gold
all ever the republic and throughout
the territory its commerce Invaded, f
but it commanded a premium of 20
per coet over gold. i
The amount of this credit money
which was worth a tifth more than
gold amounted to $16.0000,0i0.
The "popalation of Venlee proper.
was 2J.000, but she ruled over an
exrtet of territory both land and sea,
whieb was equal to nearly one-half of II
what the Roman empire had been in e
iw beot days. *
,: the timee q, oike oae uaQared
5im. .i 3meeaset w~e the b
LT . -
,.i ... ..++..+ .. . -.,+  .,,
richest it, the world, and the povern,
rwent bank was a vital part of theii
magnificent commercial system.
E- iu 1 Iit the government abolishes
interest. as we have said. It thui
saved the tax-payers 4 per cent. in
terest for 4I0i years. On each milliot
t "I ducat-, tis little saving amounted t(
, o 'I merchants could well afford t(
have the interest aboiished because
the goter'nment credit was realiy ;
mow-y they could put out at interes.
i. to. private partie, and as long at
se ther wealth was represented by th,
. 1 ioveirniment credit it could be losil
Sonly ehen the government porished.
n id ,'t tin, the: :goernl ent bank t,
I,,,d hli, a-h the citizen insured it
n, ;ain-t ai ri-.k so far as hu lla
;r ioruence could Udo it, and savet1 il
from taxation.
.\fter 1 1:; the bank of Ve nice issued
ih its credits witiout any promise of re.
denlption. !Hence a governiment credit,
'en ued among mierchants, was pirac.tl
he cally -'irredeemable paper money."
Yet it not only answered all the putr
il poses of ::old for 4 t I years, but aise
r corn ianded a premlium n of -0 per cent.
n eca ,se the credit of a great gov
iit eminent is always better than a tern.
he porary and perishable lot of coin.
\\by do United states bonds bring
*g a premiumn over gol '
as liecau.,e they cont,tituto a govern
,ks ment credit.
le L ould greenbacks carry the pledge
at of the govern.nent, just as the bonds
duo:'
s- ('ertainly.
u- Would greenback-. based on the
me credit of the government and draw
ing no interest, be equal in value to
n_ go:l and silver?
e ( 'ertainlv.
er Then why not issue greenbacks and
,t save the interest on bonis.'
lBecause the Stewart syndicate of
It millionaires not only wanted their
its money put where it would be safe and
to where it would ie untaxed, but want
n- ed interest also.
la., ving in their employ a president
a, whl they have enriciherd, they nat
Sural: got from; hiin just what they
i_ bargained for when they put hint
r-. there-bonds with interest instead of
ie greenbacks without interest.--'co
Id pie's Party Paper.
EDITORIAL OPINIONS.
r If gold is not the devil's money why
are his agents in control ol it? ('or
sicana Truth.
No side tracks and no sleepers on
e- this route. ('lear the track'-Coman.
)r che Exponent.
is Inless the usury business is stopped
r the earth will soon belono to the
bankers.-('oming Nation.
."The citizen or the dollar" is the
qluestion which the voters of the
United States will have to settle.
D )enver News.
Pensioners should demand that
their pensions be paid in gold. Give
the "sound' money idiots a dose o:
e their own medicine.--D)enver Road.
1 We are going to have the govern
o ment issue gold, silver and paper,
and will take from corporations the
d -power to control currency.--San An.
tonio Chronicle.
'There are now in Texas I1l. Peo
ple's party papers that have reported
to the secretary of the Texas Reform
Press association. In 1892 there were
*e about ten Populist newspapers.-Hals
lettsvllle New Era.
If the farmers should stand to.
is gether they could control the coun
. try. There are in the United States
a 99,600,000 men engaged in agriculture
to 9,200,000 in other forms of busi
4 , ness.-Atchison Globe.
n Just conditions can never come to
d the people of this country until the
Irailroads are controlled by the gov.
e ernment Combine robbery must be
e stopped before the people will get
o their due.--Southern Mercury.
t The free silver Democrat is restless
d now. He don't know whether to go
d with the People's party or go with
- the goldbugs. Lay down your po
' litical prejudice and vote with the
People's party, the only free silver
e party in America.--W'alout Springs
iTribune.
SYou can join in the ",war to the
I knife" programme, the burden of
which will le to enable the present
administration to stay in; and take
the chances, which are decidedly
against you, of having to support the
Ssingle gold standard at last, or you
can ally yourself with the only un
conditional free silver party in the
Scountry, the Populists; and this is
h what we here do without hesitation.
It is the only open, honest thing left
us to do.--Waxabachie Mirror.
Why.
SOver t25,000,000 a year is stolen
Sfrom bank depositors in the United
States. This amount In silver would
weigh 760 tons. Now you can see
Y why the banks are all howling aglainst
Ssilver. It's too heavy to oarry.
hiloago Express.
f Three r Thelh e
SThere are three Democratel partiMe
I fin Texas; or at least three state ex
n cuLtive committees, all claiming toc
be Democrate. Bat it seems that
t i.adloey and his thirty-oeabve bees
.1losS la ibe abue. -Vraes Tutsth.
*2+  . . . - . ,- + :. "
r; THE PUBLIC ROBBED.
hed IT HAPPENS OFTEN. BUT THIS
bus TIME LEGALLY,
in
lion
i to In Thirty Years We Pay the nothsrhlld
Ring 586,927.530, Under the Late
to Bond Contract, for $15,342,0,2 or
I Foreign Gold.
as On the 24th of June the secretary
the of the treasury certilied for the last
lost of the bonds to be is .ued to the syn
cd. uicate under the bond sale.
tom' This was done after the payment by
it the bond syndicate of 76.51t2.7:3. the
ian balance of gold due the government
it for the bonds.
The bond contract calls for a pay
ued ment of gold which shall be shipped
r. -from Europe without regard to the
dit, conditions of foreign exchange mar
• ti- ket of #32,55S,1; 7.
y." The receipt of the secretary of the
ur- treasury from the syndicate of gold
Lsoe directly brought from Europe to the
-nt. date when the secretary of the treas
ury certitied to a completion of the
ov- contract was $15,554.i72.
nm.1 The remainder making up the total
of the European gold required by
ing contract was furnished by the syndi
cate from gold obtained in the United
rn- States.
Which means that the syndicate
Ige has supplied $1,;,01'2,165 in gold from
isd gold in the United States. instead of
in fultillment of the contract by bring
ing it from Europe.
the This is another out-and-out swindle
w- upon the American people, for which
to the people get no compensation, and
wholly and inexcusably in behalt of
the Rothschild '-ring.'
,nd The present quotation of these
bonds in the open market is $124.
of The price paid by the syndicate to
cir this government was $114.50, leaving
,nd a bonus or premium paid by this gov
nt-' ernment to this ,ring" of 10. cents
on the dollar of the entire loan, or,
tnt the total sum of $12,15O.7;;0 net, and
at- in addition to the annual rate of 4
cyv per cent interest for thirty years.
in The interest amounts in the thirty
olf years to $74,776,800; add that to the
co- bonus above described, and the total
paid and guaranteed to be paid this
syndicate for its $15,545,972 of Euro
pean gold over and above the sum of
the gold the country already, amounts
h5 to #86,927,530. Shameful'
Dr- Add this latter sum to the princi
pal, which must be paid back to the
on syndicate at the end of thirty years,
n I and the grand to.al of $149.241.530 is
formed out of which this country pays
the Rothschild *,ring" $86,927,530
he for -"protecting" its gold reserves, a
sum that could just as well have been
issued in greenbacks and cost the
he country nothing.
he All this is to protect the United
- States treasury from February 8,
1895, to when? Possibly to a few
lat days from now, as foreign exchange
ve is rising daily.
o: All this criminally extravagant
wastefulness the Public L.edger still
insists is in behalf of this nation's
be the public should look upon the ad
n. ministration who did it as public
benefactors'
Comment is superfluous. It is hard
o to conceive of a more degraded con
ed dition of the public treasury.
'm All this the Union League club of
re this city practically indorses in its re
al cent resolution on behalf of goldito
ism.
o. What a picture for the plain busi
n- ness people of this country to look at.
es Do our business men know nothing?
re Where is the perspicuity that is cred
si- ited to the American Merchant and
business man that such robberies are
to tolerated? And what is far worse
are looked upon by the vast goldbug
press as patriotic acts in behalf of the
general good.
Net ow another point: Mr. Morgan
of this syndicate, returns from abroad
and says Europe is buying American
Ssecurities. By dispatches just re. 1
Sceived from England, it is shown that I
the Rothschild financial journals in
o England are advising the selling of
oe American securities until the *"na
or tional monetary question is settled."
O So it seems that in that vast allow
ance of money the people of this coun
he try have been robbed of in behalf of
of these Rothschilds, the money ques
ni tion still in Rothschild estimation, re
e maine unsettled. Then in the name t
ly of humanity why have the people i
ie been thus robbed. I
)u Now that the final certificate of
n- transfer of the last bond of the loan t
he to the "ring" has been passed over
is to the "'ring," the Americas public i
n. may at any moment expect a renewed I
it export of gold; and all to have this
infernal programme repeated at the
expense of the American business i
population. --Philadelphia Item. c
A epli to Carle'lIo FIve Maxims.
i1. "There is not a free coinage
a country in the world to-day that is t
not on a silver basis." c
True. But what of thatP The
question is not are the free coieage
oountries on a sliver basis, but are t
e they in a worse or a better condition I
x. by reasoa of being on a silver basis! I
o' They are better oi by reason thereof. I
t irooL A country is declining in
,a prosperity when its productions and '
b. It s prios are deciingk, and employ- I
ment for labor. and capital are grow
ing less. 'this has been the case
with every gold standard country in
the world for the last twenty years.
It has not been the case with any sil
ver standard country in the world.
2. 'There is not a gold standard
country in the world to-day that does
not use silver money along with
r gold."
T'rue. Which prove, that the
world cannot get along without sil\er
money.
;'. "There is not a silver standard
country in the world that uses any
gold along with silver.'
True. Which proves that the
world can get along withoutt 'oii as
money.
i. "-l'n re is nte at ster standard
country in the word to-dai that has
more than one-third of the circula
tion, per capita,. that the 'United
States has.'
Intrue. If all countries are to be
classed by the gold and ilc(r stand
ards. lrance must oc' placed in the
silver class. It certainly is not a gold
standard country. because it, slver
and paper are not based on or redeem
able in gold on demand. France has
a greater per capita circulation than
is claimed by the secretary of the
treasury for the United States. The
statement is untrue for the further
reason that the United states has not
in circulation more than one-third as
much money as is claimed by the sec
retary of the treasury. If .IMr. (ar
lisle's 4th, proposition was true, it is
a dodge and an attempt to make a
false Imoression. \Why make comn
parison with the United states. If
a gold standarid is what makes the in
creased circulation why not make the
comparison with and all gold standard
countries:' Because the statement
would have been too grossly and pal
pably untrue.
5. "There is not a silver standard
country in the world to-day where
the laboring man receives fair pay
for his day's work."
If this be true of silver standard
countries, it is also true of gold stand
ard count.:'es. The demand for and
the price of labor and labor's pt oducts
have greatly declined in every gold
standard country in the world during
the last twenty years. They hale
not materially declined in any silver
standard country in the world.
I challenge denial of any of
these statements made above in
reply to Mr. ('arlisle's maxims, or
the deductions that I have drawn
from the facts stated.-C. ii. Jenkins
in Living Issues.
(Clevelantd's Bilmetallism.
Not a single sliver dollar was coined
in the mints of the United States last
month. The total gold coinage was
$I ,91l,000, or at the rate of C34,920,
UdO per annum. This is a shade less
than 50 cents a year of new money of
ultimate redemption for each person
in the United States, to meet the de
mands of a population that increases
nearly 2,u00,I000 in that time and is
constantly opening new resources and
new regions. The report of the
bureau of statistics of the treasury
department showed the total amount
of gold coin in circulation on June 1
to be $483.770,430 and of gold cer
titicates against gold in the treasury
$48,53 8.5r69. ()f the aggregate, t.:;2,
309,999, more than one-half is laid
i away in bank resources and private
holdings. Under the infamous treas
ury rulings making silver certificates
redeemable in gold the whole fabric
of business rests on this narrow base.
No wonder the gold owners oppose bi
metallism. -Denver News.
Exactly Correct.
There are actually well meaning
men who imagine the Democratic
party can be reformed and made to
represent the interests of the people.
but these men are about a quater of a
century behind the times. Thous
ands of earnest men have tried this
feat before, with no good result save
to convince them that they had sim
ply been acting the part of chumps in
trying to cut the rotten out of a bad
egg.--Thornton's St. Louis Monitor.
It is ailly,
'he foolishness of the goldite Be
publican howl that there would be
danger, under free coinage, of Europe
shipping its sliver here is ridiculously
absurd. Last year the countries of
the old world had to buy #j4,000,000O
in silver bullion to supply their own
needs. Such truth as this is what
causes little pewter-faced dailies to
try to straddle and ride the golden
calf and free silver horse, each going
in an opposite direction, at the same
time.- Macomb Eagle.
Ii the goldbug gentry and their
hireling press can do no better than
denounce Populists as socialists, com
munists and anarchists, their cause is
gone; for the people have learned the
meaning of these words, and know
that the millionairs are the real anar.
chiste of our country.
BoND issues multiply. Every coun
ty and town and city in the nation al
most is issuing bonds, more boads.
Who is going to pay all these
bonds? We owe $40,000,00,00 now,
with only $18,000,000,(000) of taxable
ialues ad $24.25 per eapita to
money.
S*WHAT IS OPPRESSION?!
*" A SORT OF EVERYDAY DEFINI
TION GIVEN.
"d -
s "it Never CPonleci With the Mailed Hanid
of For'er,. but With the Cunning IHand
of tile TrLksiter. Through Schelmes
andil Flattery."
S t ppteh-ion of ones own people
y eve,' comnies with the mailed lianu of
force, but wiith the cunning of the
le trickl;st r. The people are amused
s and Iliattered while the schemers de
prite thetm of irOp'r'ty antd use tlhem
d a- servanits atit ,ia\ -. If a law werei
is put ulpon the -tat ite,s of ;Ian state or
t- nation that the produicers -tIuuld not
ii ea'ie thi'i countyt r state. should
\\car a certain grale of louthiir. live
 on a certain grade of food,
l the people woutIl teot.t anl1 tear
e town tie opplressors. They could
d read that law and realii e its import.
r If tie law sad they should workc for
such sages as their employers might
, decide, they would revoit. But the
n invisib,e mooney power knotts this.
e Tphis power studies human nature. It
i proceeds to blarny the ,people, about
r their great country, it, wonderful
It freedom, how mucu better off they
are than the ouptre--ed and barbar
ians of other countrietts. '1ney put in
tllhe it heas strong wlords of how thiey
s Love the independent fat tuer, the
a honest lauorting la-se-, the yeomaury
- and buiwark of the nation. I'ugy
f f!atter and cajole with such lies as
* 'honest money,"" 'protection to home
e labor." "labor is honorable," while
Stthey proceed to enact laws making
t dishonest money, protect capital not
- labor, and spurn honest labor as they
would a pest. They create conditions
1 that so impoverish the producers of
e wealth that they never get money
enough ahead to leave their
county or state, that they do have
1 to wear a certain grade of shoddy
- clothes, that they do have to litre in
i shanties or tenement hells, that they
a do have to be sattisied with the poor.
I est food, that they do have to take
g just what those who can use their Ia
e bor are willing to pay - and go around
r and beg, humiliatingly, to be accept
ed on those terms. These facts are so
1' self-evident that they go without say
n ing. You see it is not necessary to
r always make laws to oppress, to
a get the iabor of others without do
s ing any labor yourself, but it
is necessary to prevent proper
laws from being enacted or enforced,
that will protect those who are weak
and ignorant. The laws of omission
t are as oppressive as the laws of com
smission. And thus the people of the
SUnited States are oppressed. At the
close of the late war the people were
prosperous, happy and out of debt.
It was so stated by the great men
of the times and those old enough
know that it was true. But by
laws of commission, laws giving
special privileges, and laws of ommis
sion. laws that could hale protected
the masses, our people are hopelessly
in debt Nine million homes have
mortgages on them. all municipalities
have piled up debts, all corporations
have heaped up mountains of watered
deblts for the people to pay interest
on. and we find the nation to-day on
the verge of some great social cata
clsym. This is oppression. No peo
ple ever had such burdens
put on them-for no other
people ever had such product
ive powers and resources. We lind t
the wealth that belonged to the mil- I
lions a few years ago now belongs to a
the millionaires, and the people are
poor indeed. T'his is all any tyrant
ever wanted--the people to work
while they feasted. No nation in the I
history of the past was ever reduced I
to such dependence in so short a t
time. This is because the people
have been partisan. H isdom weighs, i
considers, knows. No wise man was t
ever a bigot or an oppressor. If the
reader loves his family, loves his i
country, loves his freedom, I beg him, I
even with tears, to think, to investi- v
gate, to know. The principles of
just government are as knowable, are
as certain as mathematics. When
you investigate you will see it.. It is
founded upon justice, upon the tcach
ings of the lowly Jesus, and it cannot
err. None of us ask you to accept it i
until you know, feel it is right. Is t
that not fair? Only by investigating d
can you know. Ignorance has brought t
you misery and woo. Knowledge will c
bring you peace and joy.--Tennessee
City Coming Nation.
Slmen Hing YourseL.
Tn the days of good Queen Bess, the
blood tyrant, her courts issued blanket
injunctions and punished crime as a
contempt of court. In 1590 this meth
od of reaching a crime was abandoned
in England. Our Democratic admin
lstration has ignored the constitution,
gone back to the methods of bloody
Queen Bess, prostituted the federal
courts and made them a part of the
executive branch of the government.
Vote the Democratic ticket and then
go hang yourself.
It's Dmhoest
What's the use to entertain a prin
ciple and vote for a man or a platform
that opposes it?-Comanche 'Expo
metk
Renewing Their Youth.
A STRANGE STORY FROM A NEBRASKA
VILLAGE.
The Villagras Excited Over the In
creased Health and Vigor of ttie
Older Inhabitants-The Ex
perlenee of Two 'Yets. "
From the W\orld-Hera d, )llmaha. Neb.)
A World-lHerald reporter was attracted
by the evidence of renewed activity ,of
some of the older inhabitant; of the vilnge
of Bruce, a suburb of ()nu:ia. Neb., an I
enquired the cau-e. .1r. Al.lrew Finuken
keler, who was a mewmber of Cotlmpany B of
the First Iowa Volunteers during the war,
made the following explanation so far as
he himself is concerned.
"In July., 1siN, while my (omnpanv was
on the nour.h through to Autin, Tex, I
mas attacled with rheumatism o' the wr.rt
kind in one leg at Alexander. l.a. Bein:,
weak I was sunstruck and re:uaijnel Un -u
scions for several hours. Every sbUlmner
since I have been unable to stand the heat 'f
thesun, and have teen compe:led to give uI,
my work. Ihere was in my head a hear
ing down feeling which increased until it
seemed my head would burst and it Caumed
a ringing in my ears, and palpitati,,n of
the heart set in, to that the slightest nois,
would set my heart thurln iun. Severa:
times it has rendered me unconscious for
from seven to ten hours at a time. In ad!
dition to this the rheumatism extended up,
my entire side until it drew my head doain
on my shoulder. I lost my strength an I
flesh and was totally untit for wor..
"For twenty-eight years 1 havue-. :-i':.
physicians and taken their Ire' ripti,..
without deriving any material beuie.:
My ailments Increased in Intensity unut: I
was assured that there wa, no hoý.o for I;.,'
"In November last I read in the W\,,r:!
Herald a case of a muan who had lbeen l
tirelv cured from the ailments front hi. lh
I was suffering. by the use of Dr. \i liillam'
Pink Pills for Pale People. On Novemnlr
28 1I purchased a box. In a week I test Let
ter than I had for six months past. '1he
ringing in inmy ears began to lesen in vol
ume and flnally left me. The lain frmu
the rheumatism gradually left mle, so that
within one week from the time I took my
first pill I was able to sit up in ited. 1 o
January 1 I was able to go out andt wak
around a little. On February : I was ,,
thoroughly cured that I accepted a positi,n
as night watchman in the Florest l.an
Cemetery. remaining out of doors frmou .;
p. m. until 6 a. m. I have gained in woight
from 144 pounds, which I weighed in No.
vember last, to 162 pounds, w hich I ume!,;h
now."
For nerve building and for enriching t'h
blood Pink Pills are unexcelled. They na.
be had of druggists or direct from the I r.
Williams' Medicine Co., Schenectady, N.
Y., for 50 cents per box, or six bottles for
$2.50.
Bealed Llteratura.
The finding of a copy of Milton's
"Paradise Lost" sealed up in a tin
can, which was floating down the
Penobscot river, Me., a low days ago,
has brought into notice a learned tin
smith, who has rather novel ideas as
to methods of disseminating litera
ture. Ho lives in a small town on
the upper part ot the river and is ac
customed to inclose all sorts of ex
cellent books in tin cans, tightly
soldered, and so constructed as to
float easily, and to set them adrift in
the river, in the hope that they will
be picked up by residents of the many
islands at the mouth of the river, who
are not Kept in close touch with cul
ture. or else by sailors. lie thinks
the peculiarity of the way in which
the books reach the readers helps to
secure for them a reading.
How a Tongue (an lie Q9ml.te'l.
A new medical story has arrived
from Maine. '.My doctor is a real
joker,." said a Lowiton lady. ""I
didn't know that my talking bothered
him when he was writing prescrip
tions until the other day. lie never
mentioned it. and I always asked him
all sorts of questions while he was
writing them out. Recently he ex
amined me and sat down to write
something. I kept talking. Suddenly
he looked up and said: 'Hlow has
your system been? loid out your
tongue.' 1 put out that nmemrnber and
ha began to write, lie w rotc and i
held out my tongue, and whien te- got
through he said: 'lhat will do.
'Iut,' said I, 'you haven't looked at
it.' 'No,' said he, 'I didn't care to.
I only wantted to keep it still while I
wrote the prescription.' "
Of late. when any one lies, tile neoti o
frequently adds tihat an "ol.eration" ass
performed nut long I esore.
No One (area,
They say that the Prince of \Vales
is on very intimate terms with I)-ck
Croker, and the New York Four ifun
ded arl'e pr'eparitt to open their door,
to himni, which they have hitherto de
clined to do.
Iletter I.lte Than .Nvrer.
Edward Cardwell, an iniisihmnian,
who has been working on a l:tinimyl
vania farm, has just heard that his
father, whio droe him from home, is
dead and has left him *:hi.)J,0)UO.
h'ollte tLu sih t.I lt.
They tell it of a meimber of a well
known London club that hi nuvcr.
under any circumsrta,,'-e forgets to
be polite. The relatimous betucun the
gentleman in question and lii, wi!_
culminated in a row which resulted
in a separation. WAhen the war of
words was at its height the wife cried
bitterly: "'Then vnli love mu no
longer?" ".MXaam,t" replimd the
husband, with his very best bow. "1
have that happiness." Even in that
trying moment he knew how to live
pi to his reputation.