LOUISIANA POPULIST.
BSubscription $1.00 Per Year. There is No Free Country, 1Tnl1es the People Rule- Price 5 Centa.
VOL. Ill. NATCHITO)ClES. I.A,\.. I)('EMBER is, 1896 NO. IS
No more bonds foreve.,
The tax dodger is no patriot.
Let the fight go on against banks of
Issue.
Agitate the referendum. It is the life it
of the Republic.
Now is a good time to think what
"might have been."
I is now time to get out of the Dem
ocratic band wagon. m
I di
The man who steals a ballot is a o0
double distilled thief. a
P1
What the people want now a to
hear some of that money sound. of
Mark Hanna evidently thought the
money question was the paramount is- h
sue. i
It looks now like some one in the
future might refer to the crime of
1896.
t.
Money makes the mare go, and
"sound money" makes her go mighty i
r cheap.
The man who will dodge his just )1
taxes has no right to have his property
protected.
Direct legislation will knock out the
scheming politicians. Explain it to
your neighbors.
The ones who talk most about pa- I
trotsam are the ones who think most U
abeut patronage. lI
The loudest talkers about patriotism cI
are sometimes the most greedy grab- a
bers for patronage. a
Of course, everybody knew it was
going just that way, but then-but t
thea-sh, yes, but then. ii
It old Prosperity would come along it
new, he would be mighty welcome, no b
ditermee who fetched him.
" It will be some time before Mr. Mc
Kialey ean tell anybody to "keep off
the gras" In his treat yard.
And now iL the time for the disap
pointed poltician to use his double and P
twisted, blue-Sannel adjectives. o
A govenment currency with a gov
eminent system for getting it into cir- I
alatie alone will settle the money 11
quastln.
Now If the Populists will attend to
thewr knitting they ought to be able a
to aeeomplish something in the next L
two tyears, cl
The man who wants an once is like o
e who is a witnessm In his own ease- w
his evidence aold be received with
due alowanee. hI
So
What the People's party needs now ci
is to pall itself together and get ready
,si the mt battle. Iothing Is setted t
uil is settled right it
he wise man will remember the f
pemisn et the politietans, but the
Sforgets them and e rem bers is
. e I a thin is idMea  se fraud.
*a UeW dln, yet the t tIhat s
Othik w aks e woth 1M esna
g t I beastg -nl s t o tir m
ass a
bers eUn8 rslr mot h ars
" amalm p n nto' trm e ht  l to pI
g g et ia s easi bea eet vey
-easM41g a hew ae peees. eet
S5'
b aadt e8 ser to a sna,o me
,e alt amwm. h m dn the e.
toAnn ~es ai wI'Q e coal
~ag -iii~e a t L h li a st i
-mbeths hthre e thely S.
tj - hes ibs rmei
THE PEOPLE'S PARTY.
ITS MISSION IS ONE OF ECO
NOMIC EDUCATION.
It Can't Afford to Compromise With
Either Old Party -Some Advice from
W. S. Morgan of Arkansas-Honest
Men Were for Fusion.
The People's party is something
'more than a political party in the or
rlinary sense of the term. It is an
organized, living, moving protest
against existing wrongs. It owes its
progress and growth to adherence to
principle. Its members are from both
of the old political parties. These men
did not leave those parties until every
hope of securing purity of politics and
honesty in government had gone down
in the depths of despair. The work of
education began simultaneously with
the exodus of voters from the old par
ties. It has been kept up ever since.
If any man believes that the reforms
sought can be obtained through. either
)f the old parties, he may be justified in
acting with them. If not, we see no
'eason why he should do so. If either
Sf the two old political parties will
accomplish the reforms desired and
needed, then there is no use for the
Iurther existence of the People's party;
f not, then the People's party has no
business "pooling issues" with either.
,very sane man knows that both old
'arties have repudiated their pledges
nI the past, and that of the two the
Democratic party has been the worst
it bas stood without the gates and
whined and supplicated for "just one
chance," and when the people gave it,
what was the result? No party ever
made ouch a sorry and contemptible
record.
Our only way to judge of the fu
ture is by the past. It is a wonder
that Democratic voters could be de
-eived by the old promises renewed;
it is astonishing that Populists could
be so misled.
We do not question the honesty of
many who believe in fusion. It has
had its advocates in all ages. But,
like a devastating pestilence or
scourge, it destroys while it seems to
infuse now life. It is only the tem
porary exhilaration of a baneful pois
on. The most compact and best
trained organization will demoralize
and absorb the weaker. This is the
Indisputable result of fusion. It is
like disbanding an army to pillage
i town. It is placing the spoil of of
fice above adherence to principle. It
gives color to the charge that we are
not sincere in the advocacy of a great
prIncple. It brings upon our head the
charge of dishonesty and corrupt deals.
For the future it weakens the hon
Ssat efforts of every sincere speaker and
writer. It discredits our cause in the
estimation of our enemies and dis
heartens and discourages those in our
own ranks who are not seeking om
cdal promotion.
It is a fact that ean't be denied that
the warmest supporters of fusion, and
its ablest advocates, are office hold
ers who seek re-election, or ofce
stakers who desire oelfficial position.
We do not mean to say that all fusion
Ists are olce-seekers. Not by any
means. Neither do we impute to all
dishonest motives. They are simply
mistaken-misled by the deceptive
mirage produced by the misdirected
eluemee of selfish men.
If every man who advocates fusion
was requaed. as a test of his sincerity,
to take a soles pledge that he would
not be a eadidote for eol, either by
eleien or appeinatment, for the four
years Ifllowlng his prpeasitioa, fusion
ugald net bd emeugh adveoates ia a
pelittal esmavotlea to make a respee
table earpal's gard If this state
meat is *e It shows the lspirt wlehi
prompts msiea. If say ema e debts its
both let him' apply the test when the
matter emes a iln
As stated in the etast, the People's
party is smwethlag mone than a more
iaitlal party. .It is the bulwark of
right wrears. It is the voles
at humaslty ifted up against the hand
of epopsresio. It esanet aford to
wreathe Its as or minglte It aneas
with th e lpresor. Its aoesa de
pe up an adcatang the people.
There iws no short cut to honrable
vietary. It canaet aford to trust it
selfi tLhe siLmy folds or ieaheroas
mbrases of as enemy.
The People's party is either right or
It Is wiag. It t is right it will pre
'll hi God's owa god tlme if It pre
se rs its ntogirty and maintansr ts
homer. If it is wrsg It doaes noat de
serve to mesed ad its destrutios
i aser.. It tis right tt is the msit
eo the ewre" the. 'meols around
Jwkn people wg ro ny' asd wrest
thes seat o p owe from the and
his as wrmtS In o lr t s ort
kl m the LL. It is eley a tate
mea of tsb whieh wln hoar the ight
Ot sinestlrnat, api which are sep.
re thy ae erease of the paL
eag seek a thiu a *p ae
, enb a s  ee, o a asina io,
disinterested observer, time will em
phasize the truth of the assertion.
W. S. MORGAN.
ITEMS OF INTEREST.
Facts Which the IPeople Iliai a :ight
to Know.
(From the Topeka Advocate.)
The coin value of silver bullion in the
treasury July 1, 1896, was $1iJ,053,69i.
The amount of silver certificates in
circulation May 1, 1896. was $388.834.413.
Silver dollars are not redeemed in
gold. There is no law authorizing it,
and there is no such practice.
t Interest advatncedt on government
bonds between 1880 and 1882 amounted
to upward of $66,000,000.
The value of an ounce of standard
gold (.916 2-3 fine) was fixed at £3 17s 3i1
by the Bri'tish Parliament in 1844.
There are no gold dollars coined
now. Their coinage was discontinued
by the law approved September 26.
1890.
It has cost the country about $262,
000,000 In Interest-bearing bonds in less
than three years to maintain the gold
standard.
The free and unlimited coinage of
silver and gold at the ratio of 16 to 1
r would soon restore the commercial
ratio. There was but a trifling varia
tion when both metals were coined on
equal terms.
Had prices continued as they were
in 1892. the present tariff law would
afford ample revenue for all govern
ment purposes.
The amount of money in circulation
Is now constantly diminishing, though
we have sold about $260,000,000 in
bonds to procure gold coin,
With a high level of prices, business
Is brisk, work plenty, wages fair and
times good. Free coinage of silver and
r gold will turn the tide that way.
e When a pensioner is told that silver
would affect the value of his pension,
let him answer that no American silver
r dollar was ever discounted in the United
States.
Free silver coinage would not in
crease the volume of money in the
country any faster than it has been di
f minished since 1893 by the repeal of
a the Sherman law,
Silver dollars are legal tender for any
r amount "except where otherwise ex
3 pressly stipulated in the contract." If
- a debt is made payable in gold, silver
dollars will not pay IL
t If free coinage of silver will be such
e a harvest for the mine owner, how does
e It happen that nobody has ever com
· plained of the effect of free coinage of
s gold on the gold mine owner?
Selgniorage was once a charge for
t minting or coining money. The word
s Is now used to denote the difference
t between the market value and the coin
value of bullion that is purchased fbr
coinage.
This country was on a bimetallic
basis from 1792 to 1873. The silver
dollar was the unit of value. By the
act of February 12, 1873, the unit was
changed from the silver dollar to the
gold dollar.
Amount of coined silver dollars in
the treasury July 1, 1896, was $378,14,
043. On these there had been issued
$340,942,504 of silver certiflcates. Of
subsidiary silver there was at the same
time $15,837,424.
The product of gold and silver, the
output of American mines, during the
year 1895 Is reported by the director of
I the mint to have been: Gold, $46.610,
000; silver, commercial value, $36,445,
S000, coinage value, $72,061,000.
There has been four bond sales by
the present administration. Two in
S1894, $50,000,000 each at 5 per cent.,
running ten years; two in 1895, one for
I about 862,000,000 and one for $100,000,
000, both at 4 per cent, running thirty
years.
The reason that the silver coinage of
the United States was not larger dur
history is that we had a large circula
tion of foreign coins, most of which
Swere a legal tender in payment of debts
Suntil .1857.
SOur refundlng bonds, authorslaed In
1870, were sold at 993% cents on the
dollar, and afterward they were re
deemed before maturity at a premium
-many of them as high as 25 per cent.
The total premium paid on bonds from
1880 to 1802 was a little over $60,000,
Kansas republicans In 1878, at their
state convention at Topeka, and at
each of the three congressional district
conventlons at OGarnett, Manhattan and
Weihita. declared in favor of substltut
lag greenbacks for national bank notes
as the "permanens t currency" of the
Can anybody assign a reason why
Swe should double the weight of a dol
lar that will not apply equally well to
a bashel of wheat? If we ought not to
I ncreuase the weight of wheat in a
bushel, why should we add to the
Sweght of sllver a a dollar? Thelaw
Slong ago determined the weight of
Sboth.
SThe word "cotn" was not used ona
any of our national obligations until
after the great war had ended. Seame
of the laws pamed drtin the war re
qilred that the lnterest on beads and
I notaes should be said la cola; but the
obligation-the note or bohnd-deaes not
have 'the word "coln" printed on its
SIThe mint purchaseu all ita 1-cent anad
I -cent colas by't the pouad tr menu
aetfn e. The 1-eant aImes now oeat
n- 160 of them in a pound. The 5-cent [
pieces cost about 32 cents a pound, and
there are SS of them in a pound. The
pieces are run through the dies anl H
come out money.
The demand notes authorized July
ht 17, 1S61, were payable in doii:rs, not in
coin. They were not based on bonds '
or anything tIse. They were sinmple
he promissory notes. August 5. S;1i, :they
were made receivable for all public
iu dues, and March 17. 182. they o:e
made legal tender the iname as green
in backs. They had no exception clause f
it, The reason why gold or silver ever p
goes to a premium is not be'ausne of
any change in their intrinsic values. th
but because the laws of differ. nt courn- In
tries affix certain arbitrary legal values vi
3d to coIns of certain weight, and spec u- tl
lators deal in bullion the same as they
e do in wheat cotton or land--things er
ed whose values the laws do not intel fre
e with.
If a dollar is worth a hundred cents.'
a hundred cents ought to hb wor:h aI
- dollar, but they are not. They are o
s bought for 20 cents a pound at the la
Id mint. They are run through a ma
chine that stamps them, and then they
1 are money; but their money Junction tul
1 Is limited to sums of one quarter of a il
al dollar, though there are 160 of them in bh
a- a pound.
on Railroad managers, in paying thoir of
re hands with silher dollars., have benelf- 1c
re cent objects in view. They want to
in teach their men (1) that silver dollars w
are 50-cent dollars; (2~ that silver dol
lars are good money-full legal tenoletr.
On equal in purchasing power to any other
gh dollar, and (3) that as long ts the boy.a
will do good work and keep out of poll
tics their wages will be paid in money
nd that will go anywhere in the world.
The talk about 50-cent silver dollars
is nonsense, as everybody knows.
er Five silver dollars will buy as much of l`
>n anything as a $5 gold piece anywhere
within the United States. Nobody dis
'r putes this. Then what becomes of the
50-cent dollar idea? Free silver coin
in- age would not give us more than twice
as much silver coin as we got while
the Bland law was in force-1878 to
1 90, and we had no 50-cent dollar then.
Free coinage means that when au
ny persob takes bullion to the mint it will p
be coined for him free of charge. He h
takes the coin when it is ready, and he, is
rer not the goveinment, puts it in circula- it
tion. He wants it to circulate and for of
ch no other purpose. It is of no use to a
him unless it does circulate. His first
M_ effort after getting the coin into his a
of possession is to find some profitable ti
way to get rid of it. He immediately
'or puts it where it will begin to perform a
Ird its lawful functions as money. Hence,
ce free coinage of silver would at once get 1
tin fresh money-full lawful' tender money ti
fbr -into active circulation, leaving bless- a
Ings In Its wake. sI
lie Those persons who dread the idea of
er flat money would do well to study the
he history of our coinage. It is printed in
this issue of the Advocate. The 1-cent a
he piece now In use is not half as heavy tt
as the first ones authorized in 1792.
in That one was once reduced in weight d
4,- by law and once bY proclamation of B
ed the president. Our gold coins were 'e- 14
Of duced in weight 6 per cent in 1834 h
me Our subsidiary silver coins are those of it
value less than $1-were reduced in a
he weight 6 per cent In 1853, and again
he slightly changed in 1873. The silver
of dollar,however,has remained the same. i
O,- except that the copper alloy in it was
5,- reduced a few grains in 1838.
Free coinage puts money out at once
by among the people, while itf bullion is a
in purchased for coinage and paid for
t. with paper, the coin is apt to be stored t
or and may not get into circulation at all.
0,. It would change the situation if coin- Il
.ty age value was paid for the bullion and
the paper made full legal tender. But
of none of our paper, under the present
.r practice and under existing laws, will
Ia- pay a gold debt; at any rate, not till
ch after judgment is taken and execution
ita ssued. The court could not enforce
payment in gold, even though the judg
li ment be for gold. The security would
he be sold for whatever it would bring in
.. dollars, and that would be the end of
im the transaction.
); BuDded Better Than He Keew. u
0,- Mrs. Jackson: "I thought you told a
me you trimmed that hat yourself. I'm u
sir sure it is just as stylish as if it had a
at been done by a high-priced m'lliner." tI
let Mrs. Johnson (complacently): "Yes, I s
ad think it has a stylish look myself. You
it- see, my husband sat down on it acci- 14
es dentally after I had got done and gave h
he it exactly the right twist."--Boston p
by Courier. b
li- Ir
te If the people have no right to crit
to icise the courts, who has? They de- a
a rive all their powers from the people, a
he and hold them simply on the implied a
iw condition that they will be exercised in a
of the interests etof the people and for the u
public good. To say tiat they are not p
oa amenable to the people for their acts
til and decisions is to contend that we are v
me living under a legal autocracy without
e- hope of escape or authority to remedy. r
ad p
he A novel ornament for the drawing- a
tot room is a hanging flower jardianier'. y
its Suspended from a wrought tron bracket
are half a dozen vases of Italian fal- t
ad enee, it odd tower-like shapes, resem- j
io- bling, tulips, orchids, etc., and these
ut when filled with delleste trantllng vwines 1
go le as it put of tt.isI) sat pgwtb
KANSAS IRRI(;ATION.
HOW TO CONTINUE PRODUC
TION IN THE STATE.
g ome'h r l ,ught I ad x (1 'O1iiiiiie Im zrisiredI
I y I're,,,'ll t (u'onit tons l illl Ia ma liquel
'y t'le:s '(unini f iromi the iNu fluwe'r
C (tail'
Thile canlition of some cf tin" KIirans.
farme'rs appears to be pIe'uliarly des
plelate. But, perhaps, a leavening (!I
cumstanc.e attending their siiuaiioa: is
that it rtain c llopo;i clipi 's rs , t0 have
In the past lived at the expend, of th'e.
victims are involved In the ruin which
threatens them. It is no, hecause
"misery loves (omr.anyr" that the farm
ers of Kansas a:te to he conratulasef'
upon the fact that their imptrdlng riin:
will ( -rtainly carry wit h it the ruin a:
certain bond holders an: r.i mrtgag'
makers, but rather beo auce of the t ala
e of the lesson which t:hi mi.hep to tht
latter class will carry with It.
But to undrstand fully tie cond.
l tion referred to. read the following r(:r
Sular letter add(ressed to certain bond
iholders by the county attorney of Bar
ber county. Kansas
"I address you as one o: the holders
of the bond. of the county. There has
Sloang been a feeling that the county
s would never be able to pay these bends
and the time is near at hand when we
r cannot pay even the interes'. Our peo
ple have no inclination to repudia:e
anything they owe. There now rests
- pon us. in all probability, an obliga
tion to meet these bonds and our only
desire is to make such terms as will
redound to our mutual advantage and
profit. Our valuation has decreased
over $900,000 since 1888 and our popu
lation. at one time over 9,000, has de
creased to a trifle over 5.000. I would
call your attention to the fact that the
total county indebtedness is $357,000,
while he addition of our city and
:e school bonds makes it about $600,000,
or one-fourth the valuation of our
. county. Our assesesd valuation is sup
posed to be one-third of the real val
a uation, but that is not correct. Our
personal property is assessed at one
le half Its real value, while the real estate
e' Is assessed at much more than it will
" bring on the market to-day. Much of
r our land is asessed at $2 and $2.50 an
o acre, which will not sell for 50 cents
an acre. It is offered at that, and as a
s matter of fact not much has been
e taken.
y "Of course we have some better land.
m and as this county is mostly range land
e, it rents for $10 a quarter section. or for
little more than half enough to pay the
'y taxes. Some of it rents for only $5
and $7.50. The taxes are paid in a con
stantly increasing proportion, year by
year. Probably more than one-half is
1P paid by non-residents who have taken
n our land under mortgage foreclosure,
t and this accounts for the fact that our
taxes have been paid so well up to date.
But some land has already been aban
dcned, and they only keep it at a loss.
Besides this, many of our citizens are
e- letting their lands go for taxes and
. have reached a point wbere many think
it is better to be a renter than a land
n owner.
n "But there is another thing. 'rbe tax
tr sales this year are for 2,633 pieces and a
e. large number of town lots, and the
greater part of them went without bid
ders. These land notices are for tracts
averaging 120 acres, making a total of
Is about 315.000 acres, while the area of
r the county is 772.800 acres. Add to
these conditions the fact that many
foreign owners will soon allow their
" lands to go for taxes and you will see
d the condition In which we find our
It selves.
It "Can you wonder how our best farm
Sers are saying: 'How long before the
1 whole burden will fall on us? We must
a simply abandon our farms and save
e what little personal property we can.'
S "A heavier tax levy would result In
d rre abandoned farms. and the sale of
n more prcperty for taxes without rals
aing any more money for the county.
Of the 3,500 cases on the court docket
since 1888, 1,748 are foreclosure sales,
while many farms have been given up
d without litigation. Few farms that are
n unincumbered remain and as we are
d constantly cut short in our crops and
the prices therefor, universal gloom is
I settling upon our people.
u "Our condition is this: More taxes,
I- less value; less value, higher rates;
e higher rates, personal property leaves;
a personalty leaves, population goes;
business stops, the land is yours, and
what will you do with it?
t- "As our people feel now, most of us
- are talking of the time when we will be
e, able to leave, and as the burden of tax
4 ation increases, every man 'of good
a sense and Judgment who cannot avoid
e taxes i bound to leave. A propertyless
)t population will be left and the bonds
ta which are now depreciating will be
e valueless."
It It is not impudence, but evidently the
V. recklessness of utter despair which
prompts the question closing the next
I to the last paragraph: "The land is
Syours and what will you do with it?"
at lruly. what would they do with It?
- these white-handed coupon clippers.
- If the hard-handed Kansas farmers
Sgive the business up as a bad job, It
Sit not at aU likely that the gentry who
hold the b9R4. ad mortauge would
prospcr at it! Thtr. the question is not
;.p implt 'ett one, but it is one which
n:;y justify some .(rricis thinking on:
t': part of those to whom it is ad
1, is ia:.l t1::;t ihe reason this condi
tio.n ex:ts in western Kansas is be
,a a.e of the di ough:s to which that se -
Slion is sttbj, :. and which renders the
laLor of the farmer valacless, and it is
te :iiced that a proper system o: irriga
lion will civiate fu'lie troitb'e in that
ti:.r. This idea has pr, vailed for some
ti.c, .and four years: ag.o an assotia
itnoti l:n: (r the name of the i -ania..
Irrtgat.on ('ongreos- " as foramcd for
thi u:ipois of advising to etner .a : ,
th be . : 1 , it.ns cf a,,, otph!hi nf . -
1t :i l. i ,i(a:in. Th.s angre ..
no:.it :i lnn't:.l s.;1on at ";teat It1.,41
on thu 1-":h in t wh'n the nI it.r w :I
Fain be ' rh f r'e i ghlh v gotr ,ti r anul tih
exptr:vn:a of the p..st *ar added to
tha.t a'r-ad . I t l.": at di .
It might Ibe o .llaatiagLe :f the con
fI r.s is no, ore vent I.l h>. ca-: Iron rules
from li t:s!nrig .Ir ll th.ig but irriga
ti n. for this pres i, .4.:Yn intelligent
h I.. 4, of men to glanie .:t a f.w fa, '
Slih-"h , em to indicate that even if ur
tig.ltion is sot .c:fill It i UP e (if hat
hlttle If any tenefit to Kana:lr farmers.
unless followed by Important and rad!!
tal tconomic and social .Ihanges el*-a
w hrre. It is a fact. proven by the re
i orts of tie I.linois Agricultural boar.l.
that the farmer. of the "(;arl n 'tat(."
the finest and most proiiflr state in the
t"n.on, have for the last qui ter of a
century steadily lost money by their
farrming oper.tions. It i. a fact proven
by the census report for 1890 that thirty
counties in Illinois, being nearly one
third of the state, have lost in popula
tion during that time, and that countie3
i showing a gain in population invari
ably contain towns and cities which
have absorbed all, and in many cases
more than all the increase. It is a fact
proven by the columns of thousands of
papers and periodicals, as well as some
of the national agricultural reports,
that many very fluent writers ascribe
this depressed condition of agriculture,
the bad effects of which are so con
spicuous in the state of Illinois, to the
over production of farm crops and the
consequent low prices which the farm
ers have had to accept.
These three facts alone indicate that
something more than "irrigation" is
needed to help Kansas farmers out of
their present bad condition. No one
t has ever thought of proposing "irriga
tlan" as a likely means of making the
business of farming profitable in lli
nois. and yet there are more counties
in Illinois that show a loss of farming
r population than there are In Kansas
e and the decrease in taxable wealth
3 owned by Illinois farmers is in greater
, proportlon than that of Kansas farm
ers.
s Some other facts which should be put
i with these, and which becog added
thereto, form a very suggestive -hole.
r are that corporations, railroad, express,
telegraph, banking and others, have
thrived during this period of agricul
tural depression as they never did be
t fore; that while the prices of farm
products have tended slowly down
w sard until it has frequently happened
1 that corn has been used for fuel be
cause it was cheaper than coal. suffer
t ng, dcstitution and starvation have
neen as common in this country as they
e are In "pauper Europe;" that while
a few men have become so colossal In
s their ability to command money as to
I have the treasury of the United States
f at their mercy, farmers by the thou
" sands and tens of thousands in the
best farming state in the Union have
r lost their homes to money lending cor
e porations. and are to-day tenants at
will where they were formerly masters.
Let the men who compose the Kan
sas Irrigation Congress consider these
e facts in all their plain significance and
it may probably occur to them that In
Sspending their time and efforts in try
ing to devise means of increasing the
Sproduction of Kansas farms under our
Spresent illogical and devillish system of
Sdistribution they have put the cart be
fore the horse, and that they would be
t better employing their talents and en
ergies In trying to learn why It is that
Speople are starving in the midst of a
· market seemingly glutted with farm
products.
U Hunted for a Better Job.
Mr. Kellond tells a good story on
I, himself and a colored boy whom he
; employed when his headquarters were
; at New Orleans.
Mr. Kellond had hired Sam, a black
1 boy, to run errands at a salary of $3
per week. But Sam's clothes were so
5 dilapidated that he was an eyesore, so
a the railroad man bought him a suit of
- clothes, the condition being that only
3 50 cents was to be deducted from Sam's
Swages every week until the suit was
s paid for.
a The purchase was made on Saturday,
e and on Monday Sam did not show up
at the olmce. Mr. Kolland went down
e to his home to investigate. He found
Sam's mother washing and asked her
t where her son was.
S"Hi;hl, ky-hi. I 'clare he done look
as scrumptious in 'spectable close I dun
tol' him ter see f'e couldn't fin' a bet
tab job. Hi-hi, e-e!"-Loulsville Com
mercial.
o Good c.othe. have to be paid for, but
4 bed habits grow uPo a mea.
Ii