LOUISIANA POPULIST.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $1.00 A YEAR. There is No Free Country, Unless the People Rule. PRICE, 5 CENTS.
VOL. II. NATCHITOCHES, LOUISIANA, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1895. NO. 19.
ABOUT GREENBACKS.
THE RETIREMENT OF ALL KINDS
OF TREASURY NOTES
Would be a Radical, Uncalled For and
Espeselve Change in Our Financial yse
te.aad Woueld Decresso the Circulatisue
eoldbdu ralnehoods.
The retirement of the greenbacks
and treasury notes, aggregating in
round numbers $500,000,000, will be a
radical change in our financial system.
There is only one reason for destroying
the legal tender paper in circulation,
and that is founded on a naked false
hood. The reason assigned is the false
assertion that greenbacks and treasury
notes are gold obligations, and that
the holders of such paper can demand
gold in redemption. This is abso
lutely false. Both the greenbacks and
the treasury notes are by express pro
vision of law redeemable in either gold
or silver coin, and the government has
an abundance of silver, by executing
the law and coining the silver on hand,
to meet all the treasury notes and
greenbacks that will be presented for
redemption without the use of gold for
that purpose. The advocates of the
retirement of the legal tender paper
in eifulation have not fully taken the
public into their confidence and told
them what, if anything, they would
substitute for the money which they
propose to retire. If they should sub
stitute the national bank notes redeem
able in coin, the banks would be com
pelled to furnish the coin which is now
furnished by the government; and, if
the gold standard iL maintained the
banks will be compelled to furnish
gold. It must be borne in mind that
the demand for gold to pay interest
upon debts owed in Europe, would not
be diminished by the retirement of the
greeabaoks. On the contrary, if
the 3 per cent bonds should
be floated, the interest on $500,
000,000 would be $15,000,000
annually. By what means would the
gold be obtained to meet our gold obli
gations to Europe, which, on the low
est estimate, is over $350,000,000 an
aually sad constantly increasing. Each
yer the government and the people of
sh United States borrow from $650,
000,000 to $400,000,000 to pay interest
on borrowd money, together with the
mosay expended for dividends, carry
lg trade ad excursionists. The only
mesa that the people of the United
States have of obtaining gold In addi
tis to what is produced in this country,
is by the sale of our commodities
abroad; but the United 8tates is un
ble toeell enough at gold prices to
pay current exp es. The deaeit is
o $260,000,000 to 800,000,000 a
yer, as stated above, and that defcit
wll elst whether the greenbacks are
etired or not. If they ae retired
there will be $00,000,000 more added
to our debt, which will probably be
moetr held abroad. How will the
banks obtain gold with which to re
deem their eiroulnation And in ewse
of lusre of redemption, how will
the Unted States which nnder the am
tal bakinrg system guarantees the
redsptin, obtain gold for that par
pose We have already shown that it
anot be done by the sale of products
under the gold standard. It seems
tlear that there is but one other mode
open, and that is a coatiauous emiance
Siterest bearing bonds; in other
wrds, as Interminable Inease of the
satinal debt. Bede ifs, 00,
0900,000 of elalation be retir
e it would produce ruinous
eoseMsmei and a tremenadous fell
It o at all probable
ss I  m. Is they had the pr
ipof a e g us, would take up as
mah as $00.000,000, or any mconmier
atI. pat of It, for the requirement
wh mweaM be made of them to ri
deem their mrreay in geld waouid de
ha esweat l)autsas hom udertak
la I to ' currey. It has been
inugsa ta the goveramet should
the payment of eustem dues
t I this were daem ged
emassuseumrly go to a preminm
rer ethr kinds ef moeusy in the
Uash Sit tebecom. It wouid bepre
Lrl to al other kinds of money. No
led e m my has ever remainaed at
r wit eeia wkkh would mot pay all
as 'ep Itimeoto time enetU
-eag Ih te k y neote whio
e esesiable hr all par~ ees, ad
thy h·ae ats been e a
w with U.dltel States
iatee rmel en a
r wlh egel a- log as they weai
- bat wheras
s eeset rea is ml
•wnlte s ye of geverity at
te e me es wly be af
tobu
X.s m·-
EDITORIAL OPINIONS.
"Interest" is the tribute that glnor.
I once pays to avarice.-Indianapolis
Farm Record.
(rover isn't going to do a thing but
a issue more bonds.-Woodward (0. T.)
Livestock Inspector.
The Populists of Texas have lost in
the death of Judge Nugent a leader
whom even their opponents were bound
a to respect.-Dallas News.
All parties should set down on the
dodger in the next campaign. Let
none but men of convictions be put on
guard.-Dlallas Sandwich.
The fact that New York has 1000
millionaires seems to get mentioned
oftener than the fact that she has more
than 50,000 paupers.-St. Jo (Mo.)
Herald.
The idea that greenbacks are a debt
I had its origin in Wall street. They
- are no more a debt than the silver or
I gold issued by our mints.-Southern
a Mercury.
Now that both house ar.d senate
have blind chaplains somebody will be
certain to refer to congress as another
case of the blind leading the blind.-
Waxahachie Mirror.
The president has been in the c(oun
try, hunting and fishing, while states
men have been struggling in Washing
1 ton; but he is as well as could be ex
pected since the birth of his message.
-New Orleans Picayune.
With the nation insolvent, state
treasuries empty, county finances wilt
ing, city exchequers lanky, cattle
r market fiat, hog prices gone to razor
hback proportions, cotton going down
with a top crop evaporation, Cleveland
off on another hunting drunk, con
gross "monkeying," what's the coun
try coming to?-Texas Farmer.
We Object.
Gen. Gordon of the Confederate Vet
erans' association proposes that an or
ganized effort be made by the old
soldiers of the south, assisted by the
veterans of the north, to have congress
buy the grounds around Vicksburg and
convert it into a national park. That
is a scheme that fits Gen. Gordon.
Certainly; buy all the land about Vicks
burg! Buy the city of Vicksburg, and
the rivers and hills, convert everything
adjoining into a park. When this is
done buy the ground on which every
battle during the war was fought, and
convert them all into national parks.
There is plenty of money to make
parks and pleasure grounds! If there
is not money enough, sell bonds and
buy more money from the Jerusalem
robbers and pirates! Grand scheme
for a grand man!-S outhern Mercury.
The Mereury Is owned by ex-confed
erate soldiers.
Ignatius Donnely says it is no more
an answer to the demanl for more
money to say that the great banks are
full of money than it is to declare that
the man stricken down with apoplexy
is in prime health, having more blood
in his head than nany other three men
in the county. If one man should take
it into his head to buy up all the plows
inthe county and then ask them to
pay $6 a moth for the use of a plow,
sad they should quietly submit and de
clare that there were just as many
plows In the county as ever before,
you would readily conclude that they
were a startling aggregation of luna
tics. Thea why should we not en
large our insane asylums so as to ac
commodsat those who take the same
view in regard to the money of the
country.-Vanouver Register.
ase oarera,
We must be careful what we say
about other countries. We should not
sympathila with Cuba lest we oSead
the Spnlardsr; we should not say the
Armnalans are robbed uad murdred,
ubecas that would displease the sul
tan. Truly we are growing very con
servative. Our milliounaires, you see,
my next year be traveing in Spain or
TIrkey, sad It would never do to have
It know that they have said omething
inda of the down-trodden. Their
daughters would have less chanue of
belug Inkteidned at ourt.-Twentlith
Teae 3e
The rst pople's party presidet
etesn 4In haats white biuse
pollee, plam a at the funt
gate, two horny-hadesd st on theex
eeMTv table i proceed a dmini
ter the govurasst aoeorslng to the
eoastitkio sa the laws. The first
leaker tet shows hIs head In the door
wI bs liable to get It between the
if alee ianthem ek.-Southera
the Ismhliea majerity Is a dea
goms ,mr . ,--Menia budger.
It wer be s sme thIsg it was
ht is etl418eknmstweu ea
the s gangs elsa t
W emem, we a smmemp.
i p  a e caC - hw, all
;MAUL ON IGNORANCE.
LIBERTY WITHOUT RECOGNI
TION OF OTHER'S RIGHTS.
* People Intelligent on Economle Llnes
Cannot be Cajoled Into Rervitude--*'The
('hala That lines Held Mankind It Bond
age is Ignorance."
Liberty can only come by intelli.
1renIe. Intelligence can only be gained
nry thoughtful study and patient perusal
of facts. The cfain that has held
mankind in txmdage is Ignorance. By
.t universal intelligence upon the lines
of economics it will be impossihle to
,.ajole men into servitude, in relegat
ing their rights and liberties to the dis
>osal of others. A glance at the his
'ory of the world shows conclusively
',hat government has ever been the
,~il~'ial province. of the few, because the
.any were too ignorant to claim their
,.ights, and have bowed to those whom
,hey were taught to helieve were their
".tters. Nor has superstition lacked
n its inllltences to suivrert men's
ninds. by those who have wickedly
proslaimedn themselves Iosses',ed of su
perior piwer's and knowledge, derived
direct from God the father of us all,
who cares equally for all and favors
none. In fact the supp,.ression of lib
'rty may be traced more fully to this
cause than any other. This species of
ignorance is the most difficult to over
come. Man's great dread and ter
ror of the unseen renders him the
abject slave of those who work upon
his cowardice, timidity and super
stitions, and such are ever the ready
servants of the rich and influential, so
great is their power that even awak
ened thought is checked, as being re
bellious and improper, and the would
be reformer shrinks front running
counter to those who profess to have
special charge of his soul.
No march in reform will be made
till this spell is broken. It is a painful
fact that all such from the early days
of paganism to the latest of Christian
ity have sought to check the progress
of human thought, from whence must
spring human liberty. No fraternal
world can be founded until a universal
recognition of the Fatherhood of
God, free from every form of doctrinal
restraint is an established fact. The
schisms of centuries must be cast aside.
The high order of man's purpose and
existence must be understood, recog
nized and practically consummated, in
each believing he must live for all, and
all for each.
No liberty, no fraternity, can co-ex
ist without a recognition of the sacred
ness of the rights of others, and a uni
versal code of honor, honesty and in
tegrity, at least equal to the Peruvians'
four hundred years ago, who could
leave all their belongings by placing a
white rod at their door, and return at
an indefinite period to find them intact.
The sacredness of honesty may well
call forth the epigram "An honest man
is the noblest work of God." "*So in
terwoven is this with national comity
that its absence is destroying our civi
lization; upon it hinges every founda
tion of our well being, prosperity and
happiness, its phases are so numerous
that it enters into every act of selfish
ness of the individual. Without it
there is no faith or hope. Without it,
the sense of duty is entirely absent,
without it we drift to chaos.
It is the mainspring of every noble
act, it is the very bulwark of our lib
crties. It is the keystone of justice.
It is the foundation of true social
order. That indifference that leaves
to others all that the individual ought
to do is one of its many phases, with
out it we are a seething cauldron of
corruption.
Surely God Almighty can have no
use for a dishonest man; the simple
minded, honest man may learn, but the
dishonest never. In short, there can
be no hope for our civillization, while
the dishonest believe that an act of
grace can convert them, irrespective of
that personal sacrifice to the holy cause
of all mankind, that must alone qualify
them to live a life hereafter. "As the
tree falleth so shall it lie."
Progress, liberty, justice and human
fraternity can only co-exist by the an
flinching and untiring effort of each
to honestly do his part to alL oo
little is the priceless gem prised,too
often is it cast uaside for those temporal
ities that only work their own destrao
tion to the mlstaken.-Wllam Saul In
(Coming Natiot.
Matthew Marshall is a goldbug writ
or whose position as a fancial authore
ity entitles his articles to prominuee
in leading dailies all over the country.
In one that appeared oa September 23,
he says:
"If it is only considered that, in ad
dition to the immense extent of credit
given by merehants to o-e another in
the ordinary acourse of trade, the beanks
of this oountr aekaowledge tbhemmlves
ladebted to their deposltors in thl il.
e m of 4ooo00,00ooo,000O, sil-s~ -
auths of whlah is othing but hantm
zmeay ereuti by entries o paper. It
Ie. sy tosr bow quLckly the whole
Isheise of bsiees ean be brought to
sau by a attsept to convert this im
agihry money Into aeteatl e
'hrse is not a SImina lstitutoa
tis th coatry, to ur mablag of the
melutea et bsiness - ss thad
could pay all its debts in twenty-four
hours, and yet, in the aggregate, the
banks alone promise to pay $400,
000,000 on demand.
Ordinarily, it is true, the fulfillment
of their promise is exacted to no
greater extent than it is within their
power to comply, but when, as in 193l.
this limit is exceeded, they have to
acknowledge, as our clearing house
banks did practically in 1893, that they
can pay only in credits and not in
money. Besides, even the money
which the banks pay when they are
to pay it. is mostly mere promises."
Mr. Marshall has presented the tig
ures that can be veritied by a reference
to the reparts of the comptroller of the
currency. This mountain of debt has
been created and is kept in existen'e
by the demands of business. There
isn't money enough and a 'promise to
pay"' is in demand, and demand gives
it value as a medium of exchange.
Whether this system shall continue or
he replaced by one that restores to the
government the function of issuing the
money, is the great political issue. In
other words the contest is between the
banks on one side and the people
on the other. The banks have, by
favor of the law, the special privilege
of furnishing their credit as a money
tool. They have come to regard this
privilege as a vested right. They re
sist all attempts to enlarge the money
supply, either by the use of paper or
silver: but in the meantime they en
large the supply of their credit, which
is a substitute for money. A vicious
financial system is responsible for pan
ics, and the adverse conditions which
ruin business men. Equal rights de
mands a change in the system; special
privilege opposed to it. That's the
political issue in the money question.
B- rocton (Mass.) Diamond.
Such "Good" Times.
Think of the "-good times" we are
having. On every hand we ss evi
dences of it.
Banks breaking,
Merchants failing,
('hildren starving,
Men and women suiciding,
Murderers murdering,
Burglars burgling,
And troubles of every kind on every
side. These are Republican and Dem
ocratic good times, though.
Ain't they dandy?-Grander Age.
Poverty Is Duagerou.
Poverty is the most dangerous foe to
organized society because it is the most
prolific source of crime. Were crime
extinguished human society would be
a very paradise. Whatever tends to
extirpate poverty in an increased de
gree tends to lessen crime. The duty
of society, then, is surely to use every
endeavor to eradicate poverty and
bring about a social millenium.-Na
tional Watchman.
Partly True.
The deficiency in the revenues is due
to the nullifying of the income tax by
the supreme court. The new tariff
and the remaining internal taxes are
yielding all the revenue that was ex
pected from them. The income tax
would have yielded $80,000,000
more, and this is just about the amount
of the deficit.-New York World.
They Ca't Demy.
Not one reformer in a thousand ever
thought John Sherman would ever be
come a benefactor to the human race,
but his assertion and confession of the
political corruption that characterizes
Republican national conventions places
we-pons in the hands of patriots that
they never dreamed of finding.-Amer
ican Nonconformist.
wetaly se.
The late election proves that larceny
is not only criminal but impolitic. The
attempt of the Cleveland goldites to
steal the Republican gold policy was
about the dirtiest political theft that a
fevered imagination of an ambitious
criminal could onceive.-Washington
Silver Knight.
mest f Them.
Too many statesmen act on the pro
podlon that it is ster to abanoan
their constituents than to go back on
the monied corporations.--Topek
(Km) Advocate.
Just Abst.
Changing from one old party to a
otheris like turning an old pair of
socks wrong side out--Leadville (CoL)
News Reporter.
Ttx 11th verse of the HI chapter of
Micah, eertainly alludes to the old
party leaders: *'The heads thereof
judge for reward, ad the priests
thereof teach for hire, and the prophets
thereof divine fer money, sad yet they
lsa upon the Lord * * '." Is it not
a fact that the ahoe fts some of our
judgeasome of our hghtoed preachers,
-- all of the hosts of old party
Tm.iIs no t a sngle rismer that
likas the devil, but haig controlled by
.gotha, prejudice or convenIence, oa
-mes in his service. Just so with the
old party voter. He knows his leaders
do wrog, but his love of party rme,
prejadlie or convenieace contros him
sad he contines voting the old ticket
-wham he knew to be womn.
GENUINE DEMOCRACY
SEEM. TO BE A DISCRIMINA
TION AGAINST THE POOR.
the iPresenmt Tax law i In Favor of the
Landholder, He Having L'nil June to
-ettle, While all Othern Must Pay Defore
January 1.
'T'he staff corr.'slºmndent of the Dal
I;al. News at Austin writes as follows
anent the question of state tax col
lections:
"*The circular of the c'ompltroller re
cently issued requiring tax collectors
to distrain personal pIroperty for taxes
on the same and to advertise and sell
as the law requires. is simply an act of
official duty. It will bring the tax
collecting authority into conflict with
the lower strata of contributing citi
zenship, resulting probably in legisla
tion abolishing the discrimination in
favor of the landlords and land monop
olists established by the new law.
"The lower strata outvotes, away yon
der, all the other classes of taxpayers
and will force an equitable method.
Tax collectors must prloceedl to round
up the live stock and other small hold
ings of the tenants. and small farmers,
and the extra apparel diselosed by
clothes lines in Iac.k yards of th.e urblan
population. These things are in view
and easily levied ulon. S also the
grocer, butcher. clothier and all the
tribe of city renters, and even the
washerwomen, tamale producers and
cotton pickers must have some little
personal property on which to levy.
This levy is ordered immediately upon
failure to settle by Jan. 1, 1996.
,"The land owner, however, is given
until June to pay ulp. I know one
party who has sixty tenants on his
lands in this county. lie gets $5 ltr
acre and has his personal property in
the shape of chattel mortgages to se
cure his rents. The collector can't
levy on the mortgages. as the notes are
not in the county. But if the tenant
has an extra hog, ox. wagon or other
articles not exempt from taxation a
deputy collector is required to seize
and sell it. The city renter has as a rule
plenty of personal estate subject to tax
levy, but his landlord is fixed up so as
to postpone his tax payments six
months and at very small cost to defer
settlement a year. Not one business
house out of twenty in the cities is oc
cupied by the owner. The owner of
the one so occupied is subject on Jan
uary 1 to have his goods and wares
levied upon to pay the tax
on his house and lot: the
owners of the other nineteen are
exempt from unpleasant reminders
until June and may get further
credit for six more months by payment
of about $2.76 penalties. Railroad
lands and those held by the "furriners"
and other cormoran monopolists are
exempted from collectors' levies, but
the Texas tenants or stockraisers rent
ing the lands are subject to the sum
mary process."
This is another piece of Democratic
class or botch legislation, and in either
event doubtless was intentional. In
these latter years the poor man has re
ceived no consideration at the hands of
lawmakers. Nearly all law, state and
federal, is directly in favor of the rich.
Heretofore the old party leaders have
been secure in office, as the people
voted their prejudices at all hazzard
and any cost. But the time is near at
hand when a change will come through
the People's party, and then all men
will be placed again on an equality be
fore the law. Selah!
Old Party Methods.
Nine legal voters, residents of New
Kensington, Pa., went before the jus
tice and swore that at the recent elec
tion they voted the regular People's
party ticket in its entirety by making
the mark required at the head of the
ticket. The official returns show no
votes cast for Dawson, candidate for
state treasurer. New Kensington is a
Republican town. It is in this way
thatthe only "virtuous" and ,patri
otic" party disfranchises independent
citizens of the country and seeks to
accomplish by unlawful methods what
it cannot do by argument.--Coming
Nation.
met Irm or Demoeskmt."
"What fools we mortals be." The
ide, of whooping up this administr
tion! National and state exchequers
looking as rif jumbo" had them under
his pedal extremitles. The ,,bottom
out" of the price of all products! Peo
pie all "busted" and disgusted! Yet
some idiots are talking of a third term.
That is, they are idiots unless they
mean three terms in the penitentiary,
and even that could not put the people
even with a fool and knave in power.
* -Texas Farmer.
Secretary Carlisle has adily rder
ed the etire and complete stoppa of
the coiage of silver dollars. It Is
barely posiblea the time may not
be far away, when the people will play
a large trump by shutting down the
coinage of gold dollars sald national
bak "*promises to pay." Sao for
tbhegoose should be at least spect
bie feed for the ganader. Sht 8 othe
redemption money ad give us money
that don't have to be ra40g14o.
GROVER A HYPOCRITE
PUBLICLY ADVERTISES HIS HY
POCRISY AT ATLANTA.
Not One Public Act of the President
Has Been Consplcuous As Tending
Toward Promoting the General Wel
fare-Wholl$ a Servant of Monopoly.
President Cleveland said in his
speech at Atlanta. Ga.:
"We shall walk in the path of pa
triotic duty If, remembering that our
free institutions were established to
promote the general welfare, we strive
for those things which benefit all our
people and each of us is content to re
ceive from a common fund his share of
the prosperity thus contributed. We
shall miss our duty and forfeit our heri
tage if, In narrow selfishness, we are
heedless of the general welfare and
struggle to wrest from the government
private advantages which can only be
gained at the expense of our fellow
countrymen."
The sentiment contained in the above
is good, very good, but Mr. Cleveland
has acted out the very opposite. What
act of Mr. Cleveland since his inaugura
tion has tended to "promote the general
welfare?"
Does the establishment of the gold
standard promote the "general wel
fare?" If so, robbing the masses and
fattening the classes is Mr. Cleveland's
idea of serving the "general welfare."
Did the negotiations with a foreign
bank syndicate to furnish gold to main
tain a useless gold reserve at a profit to
the syndicate of not less than $30,000,00
thereby in addition piling a gold prin.
cipal and interest debt on future gen'
erations, "promote the general welfare."
or was it "wresting from the govern
ment private advantages?"
Was the act of ordering out the fed
eral army to shoot down laboring men
In the Chicago railroad strike inspired
by a desire to "promote the general
welfare" or the welfare of the railroad
corporatlons ?
Not one public act of the present ex
ecutive has been conspicuous as tend
ing toward promoting the general wel
fare, but rather to promoting the wel
fare of trusts and combines, the banks
and money combinations.
The success of combinations of capi
tal must come from the depression of
the welfare of the people. When com
binations of capital are profitable that
profit must come from the ruin of some
other interest. Combines live from rob
bing the general welfare, and without
robbery they could not exist a day.
Mr. Cleveland's course has been wholly
devoted to promoting the welfare of the
combinations of capital, which neces
asrily results to the detriment of the
public welfare. It could not possibly be
otherwise.
After the record Mr. Cleveland has
made by his every public act, favoring
special welfares instead of the public
welfare, it is not only cheeky, but an
Insult to an intelligent people for him to
hypocritically proclaim his devotion to
the public welfare.
The people judge a man by his acts
rather than by his words. If Mr. Cleve
land had followed in the footsteps of the
immortal Jackson and seised the money
monster by the neck and choked the
life out of It, he then could consistently
call upon the people to sanction his ad
vocacy and practice of upholding the
public welfare. He has done the re
verse. He has rather choked the life
out of the publec, laid waste the heritage
of the common people and aided plu
tocracy to enter into the homes of the
masses of wealth producers and confis
cate them to their use and profit. Then
to talk about "striving to do these
things which benefit all our people!"
Bosh! A man who will thus publicly
advertise his hypocrisy should have
been hissed from the stand, even though
he may, by some ill-fate to the people,
hold the once of chlef executive. The
things that are Caesar's should be ren
dered unto Caesar, but the things that
belong to the people they should de
mand and enjoy. If Caesar is not con
tent with the things that are his, but
seeks to rob, oppress and enslave the
people, then the mooner such a Caesar
eneounters a Brutus, the sooner the
people will enjoy their inalienable
righte.-Southern Mercary.
The misunderstanding between
Chairman Taubeneck and Col. Norton,
appears now to be satifactorlly settled,
as far a they are concerned. In a let
tr to Col. Norton, Mr. Taubeneck says:
"Many good people have been misled
-i not korwnlg that you had severed
your connection with the 'Weekly
Sentlnel.' It is due to the public as
well as to you and myself that I make
this explanation.
"I desire for all to know that I here
by retract every usklind, uncompliment
ary word used against you in this dis
enelies and alesm apologiase for the
leange used and exonorate you from
any unfair or any unmanly dealing.
"Ropilg that thli explanation will,
m much as possible, undo the in
umtlee done you, I remain as ever."
Say, you fellows that voted for the
deseratl c olec-seekers and prosper
it. don't you want to give your party
anether chance? Come, now; don't be
eshtal, don't you war.t some more
_nrew _ty--o same brand 'e have
.g-r do" two yastr?