LOUISIANA POPULIST.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $1.00 A YEAR. There is No Free Country, Unless the People Rule. PRICE, 5 CENTS.
VOL. I. NATCHITOCHES PAR1SH, NATCHITOCHES, LOUISIANA, FRIDAY, APRIL 3.5, 1895. NO. 3:;.
NEED OF THE HOURL
FJRST"-PAUSE AFTER NINETEEN
CENTURIES. "'
rP6foatees Oaeas of sm Impemdlag Crle
-Oht for a LJneola to Lead uls t of
:the Land of Bondage lato the Lead
at Golden LIght had Hoepal PremIse.
By E. HI Belden.-In Webater's Im
mortal rely to Hayne, the openlng
PMagrap reads as follows:
"Mr. President--When the mariner
.ha' Aen tossed for many days and in
thl'rk Weather and on an unkown sea,
hA naturally nrall himself of the first
Sause in the storm, the earliest glance
a the sun, to take his latitude and as
ertafn how far the elements have driv
en him from his true course. Let us Im
Sitate his prudence and before we goat
further refer to the point from which
we departed, that we may at least be
.able to conjecture where we are now."
From this extract let us see It there Is
-any comparison to the present condl
tlion of our own times, and whether
there are any lines of prudence marked
out that would be well for us to fol
low.
Like the mariner, the great army of
round-shouldered bread winners, hav
Ing been tossed for, yea, thee many
years, rte slowly but surely awakening
from the deep slumber of Inorance
that has prevented them from haowing
t>i6r rights, or realisting the depth of
alavery from which their generations
have gone down to early and aknhl
lowed, yet acceptable dtt-ia. After
nineteen centuries, during this the first
forced pause In the storm of dog-est
dog policy that has swept the world's
surface throughout the cycles of lan
qulty, they are catching a glimpse of
the polden light of hope that is break
ing through the veil above them, and
are pausing to find their latitude, and
to learn, it possible, how far they have
been driven from the course marked out
by their God, in which all men could
reap the firt fruits of hosest teoil Be
ware! The loa Is awakening In Its lair.
His voile Is penetrating t tarthest
reeesses ofthe jungle. Unbrowned and
effemlnate aristocracy stands aghast
with tear. The combined power of the
World's brawn and muscle is being unit
ed to grapple with easte and cunning
In one grand effort to restore the lthe g
lost diadem, the equality and brother
hood of man.
A million rivulets of thought and ae
tion are being turned into one mighty
stream, whose swelled tide s carrying
away the food-wood of prejudlee and
superstitio that has beeo built up
through the dark ages of federal
anightrrantry and barricaded
throughout suceesding eOnturies by the
irestlgs of musty statutes and standing
armies, that ave been as leehebes upon
the labor eof helpless hmanity, en
slaved thereby. The very atmosphere
is sareharged with the electricity of
portentons omens for the futurs. All
men are awake to the Impending erls.
Savants ma searching the vesabelriss
of ancient and modern iterature to Sid
masosthing r* to ena the thirst for
econeose tmisitess lWrem -the en
thetle literature ofet the meet esulalve
mas lsse to to *eme-ast daflles, we
tad eseltshs artlees en the great
asovemesnt, whlae the oesresures of the
fltMatsd pem. represent the metest
a a lMid ras, htengt men walk
as i treafalg the erss of a vwe .ae,
whilse mssths,, their tlAnauts
to thstr s les at h e a l * t im
e t be pemar nnty dwaretd up.
the tre w l f reqlnd tal?
In ea esa ppret tee A tamret.
of , aql Itr a lto
, . thi as of d agr.rto
as n iw t th an th eell al
the abatem as assDm. t
a warlb t ri r e rnsspna t
Jest ei3 ds gamseb heat
w lw pm remlies ·asst be
set hht are WM
-,bgt adh rlbe st we
bg was a
YD-L 'a 4 = n u
-- .h l b
~ '~r~S ~ 31rl-~r~
o ~ kMmLSrl
ripl
4 ~!~ OILlr
4~~y r
~·L~YIIYii -~ ,L·
KAKNAM OIL AND THE TRUST.
O alties That Are a Reesalt f Gee
eni Ceusedmees.
The only thing that prevents the
"holes in the ground" about Neodesha
from being veritable units of wealth
for landowners and the oil is the lack
of a market. This lack is occasioned
almost wholly by unjust discimina
tlons against industries by tt present
freight pooling arrangements. "Build
a refinery then," says some one. But
that wouldn't alter the discriminations
on freight rates. The same fate would
befall our locally refined oil that be
falls the locally crude oil. For instance:
The operators here shipped a few bar
rels of oil into Oklahoma the other
day. The freight was $3.10 per barrel.
The Standard Oil company was ship
ping the same quality of oil from the
Eastern fields through Chicago and
Kansas City to the same point in Ok
lahoma and selling it for $3 a barrel.
Just think of it! And when you think
of it cease wondering why there is no
market for oil here.
Nearly 60,000 barrels of crude petro
leum is above the surface of the
ground here at Neodesha, and untold
millions of barrels are below the sur-.
face, upon which not one dollar can
be realized owing to the situation in
dicated above. Although Neodesha is
within 165 miles of Kansas City and
the nearest Eastern oil fields is over
600 miles from that point, the producer
ef oil at Neodesha would have to give
the Kansas City consumers the oil
and the barrel and pay him 6 cents
in money in order to meet the prices at
which the Standard Oil company sells
the Eastern product in Kansas City.
Neodesha Register.
And here we are in Wichita, selling
bonds and thereby mortgaging poster
ity, to get "honest money" to dig holes
In the ground for oil, and when we get
it, what good will it be to us? Just
to run away and ruin the productive
ness of the soll as it does at Neodesha,
that is all, and be a damage rather than
a blessing.
We se no way of doing away with
discriminatles in freight rates, except
in government ownership of railways.
Then we can mend a barrel of oil or
salt as cheaply as Vanderbilt or Rock
efeller.
The postoice is in the hands of the
government and the humblest citizen
cas. get a letter to its destination just
as cheaply as the Standard Oil com
.pa7. The postoace is the most in
tricate and gigantic business in all
America; yet the system is managed
with the least possible friction and
gives the people the cheapest and most
reliable service in existence.
We can se no reasons why the gov
ernment should not be the common
carryling busines of the nation.
It is nonsense to talk about Wichita
or any other interior city, ever being
built by establishIng remunerative in
dustries at any kind, so long as these
indnstrles are at the mercies of rail
reed corporatleus that dictate the terms
upoe whclh we are to trade with the
e-tados world.
The railroad corporations n this
ceuatry build up or destroy cities at
wll, and whenever it spits their pur
pee., they do not hesitate to kill, muti
late or destroey.
The enly way to prosperity in Kan
as lisa n government ownership of
ra ads.-Commeaner.
slesk o aphsien.
Shyloek-Say, Sappy, let me eagest
to yes a betsaem pespealtiea. Suppen
ys gine ysurlf no a nesaneaa a in the
MWer about whet yes are pals to eat,
•an whever yoe poednoe sou turn
eoer to me. Then. whenever you want
anything to Ull your stomach you will
know where yeo can get It.
appy-I duam Wlll I it anything
fer what I let ys have?
yr.--4o I mpeet ys wll have to
have aesethig far It-euno h prob
abl, * e oypt epeess at eartage
sa wear a tear.
p-g--Whst -od wil tt do me to do
thet?
by.-Why, ye wili have the asseur
ae that yeratis are ea seoid
tesk. I wll eaduelt a emeauesary sad
ese e go a ad the b iness
Sap-Wh- t wil It east te?
Shy.-lst erU ruth. I will lqa
ean whatevr ysu and charge ty
a 3e rst a 7r6 ea pay m in
.mesd,.1eu 'oast as ye gredteh
pnlt- GenIt a thiag riI ha'
Why-esa le'L Why, ma. dtot
have a sues I wil
In nd wt w er u t is a seen
Ssrd -ie slI i has the
. s - r .'n meeg a
r# e b ua r aper m e. Yhet a le..
-Shvrcr~ u 'as Il w to pay
te ougsXllUIagguteef· Intr
Bap.-It sounds pretty nice; I believe
I will do 0t (Exit Saphead).
II.
Sap.-I don't like the way this thing
is workin'.
Shy.-Why so?
Sap.-Well, it's this way. I draw out
so much but Ihave to take back more's
I draw out. There's more going back
than ever comes out.
Shy.-Well, what of it?
Sap.-Why, it's only a question of
time when you'll clean me up.
Shy.-I guess not. You must econ
omize and work harder and produce
more. Even if it's as bad as you say,
you don't expect me to furnish you pro
visions for nothing. That's anarchy.
Sap.-But I want out of this. I want
to handle my own stuff.
Shy.-Why, Sappy, I am surprised at
you. I had supposed you would be con
tented when y u had nothing to both
er your head about but work. But here
you are with a lot of wild and visionary
notions that are absolutely impractio
able. The idea of producing and issu
ing to yourself and controlling your
own victuals is preposterous. Look at
Argentine! I am a philanthropist and
a public necessity. The fact that you
patronize me proves that. You ought
to rejoice that you know where to go
when you are hungry. I should have
absolute control of your "chuck" in or
der to keep it at a parity with all other
"chuck." You are not so much inter
ested in quantity as you are in quality.
You should not desire to possess so
much as to make it worthless. The
value of your feed should be equal to all
other feed, pie, sorghum and squash
always convertible into each other. By
any other system there would be danger
of a slump to a basis of degraded and
debased material that would leave a
Bad taste in your mouth.
Sap.--It may be. I'll try it again.
Let me have some more of that sow
belly and another sack of meal.
Shy.-I can't do it.
Sap.-You can't?
Shy.-No. We have retired part of
our circulation. I have orders from
headquarters to draw up on the puck
ering strings till confidence Is restored.
That isn't all; you are eating too much
meal-so much that there is danger of
driving all the doughnuts and fried
cakes out of circulation.
8ap.-Well, I don't know what to do.
8hy.-I can tell you. Hard work is
the best cure for hard times. Just
dig right into it and never look up.
Don't bother your head about questions
that should be left to those who have
made them a study. You are not com
petent. You have nothing to show for
the success of your theories. I have.
(Exit Sappy).
II.
Shy.-What's the matter, Sappy?
8ap.-I would like to know what
hain't the matter. In the first place I
am suffering for something to eat, and
I have declared war on this "Baltimore
plan" I want to abolish it. I believe
you said it was elastic, like "inje" rub
ber; that it would give and stretch and
then dry up--stretch when you want to
stuf a man and draw up when you wan
to take off his feed. Now, it hain't
working that way. So far, I have done
all the stretching and It alleve I am
the only one where the drawing-up
business is getln' in its work. Their
haln't any elasticism in it. Hash is too
scarce. There to got to be more of it in
circulation.
Shy.-It isn't scarce. We have got
dead loads of it, and if you will Jrst
hold up a bit and not frighten capital
with your appetite you will get an op
portunity to Ill up.
Sap.-But I must have something
now.
Sy.--I see that we will have to In
erease the United States army. There
is no reasoning with you.
Sap.-An empty stemach has so rea
son and it don't know what fear I.
Look out!
Press dispatch: Last nlght, about
dark, hyleck was raded by one Sap
head, who semed to be thirstlnng fr
carnage, and at this writing the octors
have not been able to fnd all the --eces.
Saphead is known as a desperate a
arehist.-Lory Miller, ta arer's
Cassvm Was b me aee
How subtly asd carefully crrils u
has been the agitation to place ai
boxes on eet ears. It is aethr ea
derbald eort to bring labor .nto o
lot wtth the power f -the ueramst
of the earporatks to eoes a redou,
labr to thlsr tum by a'llegitimately
sg -vrnnt servants. Thi play
Of the murdem sad slr -l-ega
t ley sad cable read aroratism
rwh steal the ets tfrm the people
b bribtng errpt caumell, Meali be
Sitterm. st dear uMl et be ma
er mnrre S* mail ntU the street
eamsr aor eMeby the muailplties-
1he Mag, changs
A serrespoaet hrom Clads writes:
" asted a ialusweper a the tow ot
Kota-TIsh It be knmew wha onstry
it wa smat had dese o ot wrs
~t Chi. ~a he e dramIl re
d that it was a telsia esotvy
ohra m a e AIs, -a mat
tal tows bad vil tew 
psit m um ie- when sum
p* **Iwsuqa b ge
FINANCIAL REFORM.
AN ARRAY OF MOST STARTLING
FIGURES
reo Deny Their Correeteess Does Not
Change the Facts, Neither Does it Ite
lieve Us From the Payment of 52,781.
000.000 of Interest Annually.
The following statement of indebt
odness is doubtless within the bounds
)f conservatism. We call especial
attention to the table, and suggest
that it be held for further reference:
It shows the debt of the nation par
tially classified:
rotal steam railroad debt ........ 6.,0.().t(
fotal stock issued <railroad ...... (,C00S.,0G)
Total ...... . . ............ 11,000,(,)
The stock issued counts as a
debt. because it demands
dividends.
treet rat!roads of the country .... 800.Oe0to)
telephone companies .......... 0,0
Water. electric power, and gas (es
tlmated)........... ........... _00000,ax)
)ther quasui public corporations .. ll.000.00)
Total ...................... 11.416.000,000
New York Financial Review of
1]t estimated the indebtedness
of the merchants at ............. (.OX)O )
individual families .............. 40.(O10, I
.life insurance la force ...... 3.).U),UU
Benevolent associations and fra
ternal orders................. 6,000 30.000
Total.......... .......... ... .316,000,LJ0
PRIVATE ('ORPORTATION, AND) INDIVIDUALS.
Real-estate mortgages...... ...... 6,01),(i0,(X5
'top llens estlmated) ............ :), 0 0)
'bhattel mortgages (estimated) . U,U0,uI.0)
National bank loans and over
drafts ...... ... 1,9 6 t ,
)ther banks loans and overdrafts I.17.,VS.l415
)ther private debts about....... 1191,03.2'1
Total ............... ....... ..... .7,316,0(U.000
SUMMARY.
United States (estimated)......... 1,000.000(Xl0
States ..... .... .... ......... - 7.
ountles... ...................... 145.0 0i
Municipalities (estimated)......... 1,l0e ),us,
School districts (estimated.......) 40,O0.U0
Making a grand total of.... ....73),010.431
These statistics have all been gath
ered from official tables except where
estimates are made, and where esti
mates are made have been taken from
high authority upon these questions.
This volume of indebtedness will
average at least 7 per cent. and entail
an annual tribute of $2,781,000,000.
When we consider that all this inter
est must, in the end, be paid with the
products of labor,the true situation of
the people will begin to be under
stood.
But when we comparo this vast
aggregate of indebtedness with the
possibilities of its payment, the abso
lute enslavement of the people is fully
disclosed. The real object of finan
cial reform lies in such measures as
will enable the people to rid them
selves of this . enormous burden of
debt. To this immense sum of tribute
must be added the entire aggregate
of taxation which would run the grand
total beyond four billions. We ill
omit the question of taxation since
that is an annual tribute which can
not be avoided. The products of
agriculture is as follows:
Lorn 1894 ........................... o.0,03.000
W heat 1851 ........................ 23,u0.000o
3ther cereals.................. ..... 400.0 ,000
W ool ................................ l, S
cottoo ........................ . 17..%000.01
Total ................... .......... 11.37.5s0000 )
Here we find that the entire funda
mental crops of the farmers will
bring but one-half of the interest
tribute demanded of the people.
How is the balance of this interest to
be met, and how will the principal be
liquidated under present conditions
are not easily answered. The only
method through which it is possible
to accomplish this desired end is to
increase the volume of money in cir
caulation, thereby raising prices and
making one bushel of whqat, or one
pound of cotton, or one day's work.
pay twice as much debt and interest
as they do at the present time.
To do this is the great object of
financial reform, which, In our judge
ment, must come at once, or the peo
ple will become bankrupts.-Wash
iagton Watchman.
Of Ceorse.
The yardstick of 36 inches is a
measuring unit of length. Suppo*e a
law should be easoted changing thin
yardstick to 72 Minthes. It would ruin
everybody that had anything to sell
by the yard. The dollar is a measur
inug unit of .value. Suppose a law
sbould be enacted doubling the value
of the dollar. Would it not ruin
everbody that had anytnlag to sell for
dollars? That is exactly what con
congress did i. 1t73. when it changed
the standard of value from the silver
dollar to the gold dollar, and demone
tiUzed sIlver.-Progressive Farmer.
Ye. How?
"How can wealth be oontrolled to
serve the best iterests of sooletyP"
is an old proposition, as old as the
world.
The question to-day seems to be.
•_How can nine-tenths of the people
be controlled to serve the Interests of
existiag wealthP"
Not till we realize that prosperity
Is base upon prosperous conditions
can we hope for beUtr times. The
old propositjpa of conorglling wealth
in the inlterest of the geaeral welfare
must be revived.-Denver lRoad,
Ames asdl Am, ..
**Eteral vigiHeeas is the price of
:iberty." There is no doubt that the
Washlnte ootiglpt oL the ipeople's
arty ha. bees to long a umesh with
**l.Cy kwlags, M hs eases'
sion to win. It is willing to fuse with
any Democrat, Republicanor mongrel
if it can only get office. Populists.
the danger is on us. Men who wont
stand squarely and firmly upon the
Omaha platform should be kicked out
of the Populist party, no matter how
much service in the past they have
done. HBenedict Arnold did good ser
vice for the American cause, but
when he held treacherous communi
cations with the British, all his past
deeds of bravery and glory were swal
lowed up by this one dastardly act,
and he richly deserved his ignoble
fate. Organize now to keep men of
like treacherous natures in the back
ground. It should be plainly evident
that men who refuse to fight railroad,
telegraph, land and other natural
monopolies are traitors in thought,
if not in deed, to the spirit of the l'eo
ple'b party.--Coming Nation.
EDITORIAL OPINIONS.
There is nodospotism so cruel as that
determined by dollars and cents.
Typographical Journal.
March 18 was Cleveland's birthday.
It ought to be made aday of mourning
hereafter. -Texas Farmer.
The equality of all men under the
law is what organized labor de
mands. -Comanche Exponent.
The money power still holds its
supremacy and gloats with ghoulish
glee over its triumph.-New York
World.
The coal pool is black in mor
senses than one; and trust is anything
but characteristic of the trusts.
New York Voice.
All the gold in the world if brought
together could be put away in aospace
of twenty-two feet each way.-
Shreveport Caucasian.
When congress appropriates $10,
000,00'J more than the government
possesses it is time to call a halt. -
American Nonconformist.
It is about time for G(;ov. Culbersot
to read the riot act again to the do
nothing excursionists who are con
suming the people's money as state
legislators. -Houston World.
Put a window in the top of your
head, take off your hat, and let in a
little sunshine of reason. Read the
Omaha platform and think it out be
fore you condemn it.-Denver Road.
The present legislature of Texas is
distinguishing itself for cake-walking
and junketing-nothing more. It is
likely to be known as the "-cake
walk legislature." If it does not
cause the Democratic party to "walk
the plank" the next election, it will
be because the people will condemn
the members who have proved faith
less to the party platform and pled.
ges, and not the party itself.-Hous
ton Post.
Well Paid.
Many hope for labor's elrancipa
tion through the medium of strikers
or bullets, but the only true method
for labor to obtalu its rights is by
the ballot. This is my method. Do
you object to labor organization go
lag into politics? Then what do you
organize for? We have seen that to
strike against federal bayonets is
criminal folly; we must not resist the
government with armed force. Then
there is but one method left, and
that is the ballot. Organized labor
is entering the political field all over
the land. Why not we? Labor has the
votes. It can elect the officers from
presidents to constable if it only will,
and at any time. We can capture
the government by the ballot;
make it our friend and al
ly; abolish all our present
laws and pass new ones based on jus
tice and equity, with "-equal rights
for all and special privileges for
none." We can run the government
to suit ourselves, and if the million
aires and capitalists don't like our
way of doing things they can do what
Mr. Astor has done-move over to
England and live there. They can
take their money with them, no mat
ter by what method they made it;
but we will see to it that no more
men pile up millions of dollars out of
labor. The only trouble is concern
lag party allegianoe. Party idolatry
is the curse of this land to-day. Men
talk uas though loyalty to a political
party is equivaleat to loyalty to the
government We must break away
from party idols and be free men.o
We must not be the slaves of any
party, but make political parties our
servants to do our bidaing.--Father
IHines in a Labor Day Address.
Wise poUitical theorists preach long
sermons on "overproduction;" and
people starve In a land overburdened
with bounties; people freeze in a land
oversupplied with fuel; go naked in a
land where oottoa and wool lie rot
ting for want of a market--Kentucky
Populist.
saM The, Were Refermers.
The resiso of the legislature is
dragging along mighty slowly, and
unless a brisker pace is strqclk it will
be midsummer before final djpura
ment is reuached.-HIiouatqn Poet.
Why, bud; we thought they wer_
refortusq-- O Deatoorttlo reforrJ
L-d
4'- 2·jl_~·.:L;i.~
WAS GOULD INSANE?
Financial Worry and Physical Exer
tion Not the Greatest Destroyer of
Human Life.
eor Humality's Sake, After Thirty-Sil
Years of Nerve-Creeping Slavery, Be
TeUs How He Was Set Free
Caldwell. N. J., March 1. 1S1.-(Spe
elal.)--Since one of our prominent citl
sens suffered so terribly from tobacco
tremens, has made known his frightful
experience in behalf of humanity, the
ladies here are making tobacco-using
husbands' lives miserable with their en
treaties to at once quit to bacco.
The written statement of F. J. Gould is
attracting wide-spread attention. When
Interviewed to-night he said: "I com
menced using tobacco at thirteen; I am
now forty-nine; so, for thirty-six years I
chewed, smoked, snuffed and rubbed
snuff. In the morning I chewed before
I put my pants on, and for a long time
I used two ounces of chewing and eight
ounces of smoking a day. Sometimer I
had a chew in both cheeks and a pipe in
my mouth at once. Ten years ago I quit
drinking whisky. I tried to stop tobacco
time and again, but could not. My
nerves craved nicotine and I fed them
till my skin turned a tobacco brown.
cold, sticky perspiration oozed from my
skin, and trickled down my back at the
least exertion or excitement. My nerve
Vigor and my life were being slowly
sapped. I made up my mind that I had
to quit tobacco or die. On October 1 I
stopped, and for three days I suffered
the tortures of the damned. On the
third day I got so bad that my partner
accused me of being drunk. I said, 'No
I have quit tobacco.' 'For God's sake,
man,' he said, offering me his tobacco
box, 'take a chew; you will go wild,'
and I was wild. Tobacco was forced
into me and I was taken home dazed.
I saw double and my memory was be
yond control, but still knew how to
chew ard smoke, which I did all day
until towards night, when my system
got tobacco-soaked again. The next
morning I looked and felt as though I
had been through a long spell of sick
ness. I gave up in despair, as I thought
that I could not cure myself. Now, for
suffering humanity, I'll tell what saved
my life. Providence evidently answered
my good wife's prayers and brought to
her attention in our paper an article
which read: 'Don't Tobacco Spit and
Smoke Your Life Away!'
"What a sermon and warning in these
words! Just what I was doing. It told
about a guaranteed cure for the tobacco
habit, called to-To-Bac. I sent to Drug
gist Hasler for a box. Without a grain
of faith I spit out my tobacco cud, at.d
put into my mouth a little tablet upon
which was stamped No-To-Bac. I know
It sounds like a lie when I tell you that
I took eight tablets the first day, seven
the next, five the third day, and all the
nerve-creeping feeling, restlessness and
mental depression was gone. It was too
good to be true. It seemed like a dream.
That was a month ago. I used one box.
It cost me $1. and It is worth a thousand.
I gained ten pounds in weight and lost
all desire for tobacco from the first
day. I sleep and eat well, and I have
been benefited in more ways than I can
tell. No, the cure was no exception In
my case. I know of ten people right here
in Caldwell who have bought No-To
Bac from Hasler, and they have been
cured. Now that I realise what No-To
Bac has done for me and others. I know
why it is that the makers of this wond
erful remedy, the Sterling Remedy Com
pany, of New York and Chicago, say:
'We don't claim to cure every case.
That's Fraud's talk, a lie; but we do
guarantee three boxes to cure the to
bacco habit, and In case of failure we
are perfectly willing to refund money.'
I would not give a public Indorsement
If I were not certain of its reliability.
I know it is backed by men worth a mil
lion. No-To-Bac has been a God-send
to me, and I firmly believe it will cure
any case of tobacco-using if faithfully
tried, and there are thousands of to
bacco slaves who ought to know how
easy it is to get free. There's happiness
in No-To-Bae for the prematurely old
men, who think as I did that they are
old and worn out, when tobacco is the
thing that destroys their vitality and
manhood."
The public should be warned, however,
against thepurchaseof any of the many
imitations on the market, as the success
of No-To-Bae has brought forth a host
of counterfeiters and imitators. The
genuine No-To-Bae is sold under a
guarantee to cure, by all druggists,
and every tablet has the word No-To
Bac plainly stamped thereon, and you
run no physical or financial risk in par
ehrdsin the genuine article.
Chinese Mee*y.
The standard Chinese work on coia
age is in twenty volumes, and Chinese
money itself is not less bulky, as a
string of ~cash" weighing five pounds
Is worth less than 26 cents.
Just so.
One successful story writer of this
country is having his revenge on
those that rejected his earlier stories.
He carefally treasured his rejected
manuscripts, and, atter his first 'suc
cess, began to unload them upon the
market. They go now without urg
lag, and at prices he did not demand
originally.
"Schrage's $1,000,000 Rheumatic
Cure" never failed. Pleasant, harmless.
Doctors praise It. True testimonials
free Take no other. Write to-day.
S. I. C. Co., 16I Dearborn street, Cli
age, Ill.
A Old VeStumat
A remarkable literary find is re
ported from Dublin. In the Trinity
college was recently discovered a
mquserlipt voleme of 560 folio pages,
written ln the seventeenth century,
contaaining unpuhlihed poetry by
Bacon, Massianger and many minor
sathers. The poem by Bacon, writ
ft after his kll, is entitled "Fare
well to Fortune " An event like this
will serve to remind the world that
somethlqg new about shakespeare's
works and personal history is by no
mees oUtslije the range of probabth