LOUISIANA POPULIST.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $1.00 A YEAR. There is No Free Country, Unless the People Rule. PRICE, 5 CENTS.
VOL. II. NATCHITOCHES, LO)ISIANA, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 25 , 1895. NO. 10.
. . . .. . . . . .II lm m i
. IEROME C. KEARBY.
HIS GREAT SPEECH AT THE BEL
TON FAIR.
He SK.ore. the I)eanorratlr I eaders in an
Appropriate Manner - Recites the
Crimes of the Century - Autocrati
P'ower vs. Dependent lelpllesness
!I,IToN, Tex.. ()ct i. -lion. Jerome
( Kearby to-',y. it invitation from
the Fair asso,'ation and the Populists
of Texas. d&livered a speech on the
live issues of the day 1ie discussed
the faith and platform of the party in
,ine with the other platforms. The
following i- that part of the speech
devoted to the financial issue:
I wish to congratulate Bell county
and all the people of Texas upon this
superb display of the products of in.
dustry, of enterprise. of the energy of
the people of this section of Texas.
Peace has her achievement, as thrill
ing, as grand, as heroic and dra
matic as do times of war. There
perhaps has been no period of the
world's history characterized by such
marked advance, such marvelous de
' elopmuent in agriculture and other
industria: pursuits as the preceding
twenty-five years. Factories abound
everywhere for the making of im
proved machinery to subserve indus
trial purposes, to subserve crgani,;ed
and unorganized money, to multiply
the productive capacity of individual
labor and to diminish the cost of pro- I
ductiou, until we are to-day confront
ed with the realistic condition of war
by the machine on man. In the midst I
of this panorama of real lifoe, in this 1
revelry of luxuriant abundance, with
these testimonials of thrift, happiness,
cootentmeut and prosperity, with the
earth around us burdened with its fruit- j 1
ful yield to the plastic touch of labor, I
your granaries tilled to their capacity, i
your larder overflowing. your stores a
groaning with their plenty, your (
warehouses overtaxed with their re
serve, surrounded and enveloped as ,
you are witn a -"wilderness" of plenty, t
surfeited with abundance, thing you L
there are an:. hungry in this land? -
Think you there are any naked in this i.
'and? Think you any lives are per- t
ishing from sheer want of the abso- i ,
lute necessaries of life? The first t
criminal in the world's recorded his. y
tory answered these questions by ex- h
claiming: .'Am I my brother's l
keeper '' These conditions, their e
cause and the remedy for them are r
some of the questions I am here by ji
Invitation of your Fair Association to t
discuss. We are in the midst il
of a revolution. The most sa- s
crud 'traditions of the past, d
institutions hitherto revered for t
their antiquity, policies which to t
heretofore question was political bias- Ir
phemy are to-day challenged with i ti
flippancy and audacity. The spiritof' t
unrest is epidemic throughout the a
land, discontent prevails everywhere, d
more than 1,000,000 wage earners a
without employment, the cry of hard d
times, sarce money, low prices, com- h
mercial stagnation, bankruptcy, per- v
sonal distress, souphouses, organized ft
charities are heard of every day and ti
everywhere. These are words of new 'a
coinage in this country. On the 11i
other hand. the very few luxuriating si
in fabulous wealth. Less than 30,000 fI
men wn more than 50 per cent of all T
the wealth of this nation of ri
70,000,0004 of people. A half ti
dozen land (foreign and domestic) a
syndicates own land enough to make d
eleven average states of thisr
union. Four thousand banking cor- n
poratibas control every dollar of the ei
money in the nation, not a new dollar ts
Sis injected into the channels of com- Ii
merce and trade without their agency., a
their consent. The circulating volume ti
of money is contracted or expanded c
by them, as their own avaricious will It
or personal cupidity may suggest al
There is not an inadustry, not a com- a
mIodity, not an article of commece or n
trade, whether it be raw matorial or h
manufatured poduct, the purchase o
and sale of whioh is not controlled by a
a money tent, oreated and proectid a
by law. These are oonditions of new ti
birthin this counatry. It is now an h
opportne time to call a hanult; take tg
a anvetery toef our afairs. Govera- ce
maes Is a s mtn. Politics is the w
method by whioh government is ad- vi
miisr Theeshould be as much dl
bdelnas ped iatellienee in your pi
politics a there is learingl sad phi- f
lesophy Ia year government Com- vi
bine all oienes, business, merthod and ti
lntb1igeaoe sad you have the nearest
approach to perfeted governwmen t
Ar gllovee.ms are the prodaucts of
asslee or lo-r-eors the re- si
salr of esees~ . Our polities are U
product o selshness, prjedle or It
We me living ander a oonstttitle.
*Mlil of rights, a edeclratio of ige- U1
l-edee whlebh delares: "AU men
were b5 bro aud eqeal" Thi a
does ae ona mae* were hao in a
e w laages, or In tests, or
laM Wls, oris as It te amo po
u ·e allM m wee bera nh or v
io. ies t ha la rhs rtph ste as
thoes e anaewa aelems a dae
pns e~rra beaus or d
Lrler atten #a b cs
millstone about thea , it means
that there are no natural en
cumbrances. mortgages or shackels
on any in the great race of iife for
the manly *derby." The sub
lime universal and profound truth
propounded is equality of opportunity.
denial of government favoritism.
These were the enchanting lullabies
sung at the acouchment of this na
tion. Again, another fundamental
purpose of this government was to
secure to every man the pursuit of
happinesg upon terms of perfect
equality with all other men. Let me
summon here to-day all the idle, the
unemployed. the naked, the abject
poor and point them to the affluence
of the few, point them to the super
abundance of everything that contri
butes to comfort and happiness, point
them to the perfect equaiity of birth,
of privilege, of pursuit of happiness.
organic in your government, per
petuated on parchment. Patriotic and
manly men, virtuous and womanly
women in poverty, in distress before
this great tribunal declare they are
not stockholders in this wealth of
plenty. I read it in the newspapers.
I hear it on the stump, that this man
ner of argunient tends to generate
strife and antagonism between classes.
between capital and labor: it is not
the result of demagogy or cheap poli
tical clap-trap, but it comes of the
autocratic power of the one and the
dependent helplessness of the other;
both conditiocs of law and dishonest
policies.
I address myself to-day to Demo
crats, for I charge upon you the sole
responsibility for existing conditions.
Your identity is obscured, the gene
ric term Democrat includes a multi
tude of people, with a multitude of di
verse and conflicting contentions.
You are to-day sneaking with agreat
er confusion of tongues and in more
languages than were the workmen
upon the Tower of Babel. You are
aliens to each other in every state
and in every country. You are ex
emplifying in party discipline what
you have taught in government poli
cy. "-home rule, local govern
ment." Every man is a Democrat
unto himself, he is a monarch r
without allegiance to party, family. i
home or country. You sustain
the same relation to party in this I
government that the mule does to
the animal creation. Texas for thirty
years, with one short period excepted,
has been denominated by exclusive I
Democratic rule. Each succeeding
election, until the recent past, has
resulted in increased Democratic ma
jorities. I affirm you have not in a
thirty years had an honest campaign
in Texas. Your platforms, stump
speeches and stock in trade have been
deceit, hypocrisy, prejudice and see
tional hate. You have not had a na
tional platform that was not made to
read one way in the north, another in ,
the south, that was not made a
to mean one thing in the east, 1
another in the west. Your present
discomfort is the culmination of this a
aggregation of drifting deception and a
dishonest simulation. In Texas you
have stood for free trade, in Pennsyl- -
vania for protection, in Massachusetts c
for tariff for revenue, in Texas and I
the west for free silver, in New York t
and Maine for gold monometallism. c
In Texas you have denounced pen- c
sions, in the north and east you have a
favored the pensioning of everybody:in C
Texas you have denounced monopolies, (
railroads, money syndicates and i
trusts, in the north and east you have a
nursed them with friendship and %
drafted upon them for the sinews of c.
war. In Texas you have denounced s
national banks, in the north and
east you have declared the sye
tem safe, sound and patriotic.
In Texas yon have declared for white t
supremacy, in the north and east for
the equality of all races. You have oc- i
cupled every degree of latitude, and of e
longitude in the political zodiac. Men I
ought to be as honest in their polities s
as in theirdaily interoourse with their e
neighbors; your judgment, your man- s
hood. your home, your country, all
call for honest individual thought and a
actlo. Give us a free, an Intelligent r
as homest bailot aad the prosperity of a
this government is assured; give us a
honest pelities and eourageoue elec- c
tors, thee follows pure aed eooeomi- s
cal government. A political speech s
without diseussing the free sil- i
ver of coluage would be like c
disesuuing Texas and leaving the a
prizse fKht out. The party I belong to c
favors free and unlimited coinage of sil- t
ver at the ratio of 16 to 1. We have had l
the ourage to place it in our plat- s
form, it commrands the assent and ap d
preval of every man in our party.
We, heowever, do not believe that free 'I
silver peasesee the miraculous quali- i
ties of Aladdin's lamp We believe a
it weeM only prove a partial restors- ii
tive, a small factor in restorinr to I
tsle oasntry its primitive prospority. n
We ftSro free silver because: u
1. There i not a eiviliad nation h
em the earth that does not use silver ti
as moeay to a greater or lees extent. I
2. eantes there is not a eivilixed a
popdn em smth that does not USe nil- q
ver ajewelr ad in the arts, l a
8. asense thIs natioe of ocer pro
d s'lpar cent of adlthe sirver of fi
. Demn-e w bellovelttt be us- Si
pkrios ioi nmeelmsltlik to dis- n
asCr the ,gtI e9 of @wS ****'re* o
i by discriminating against them by
law or by treaty.
3 .5. Because we believe the free coln
r age of silver will increase the volume
of our money, enhance the value of
our property and diminish the burden
of our debt-ridden people.
6. Because we believe silver to be
one of the materials from which con
stitutional money can be made.
7. Because we believe free coinage
, will enhance the bullion value of sil
f ver, stimulate the mining industry of
t silver and thereby provide remunera
tive employment for thousands of idie
wage earners.
8. Because we are opposed to any
class of barons having a monopoly of
ownership of the material from which
our money is made. If go.d mono
metalisnm is to prevail, then owners of
gotl mines become sovereigns in
stead of citi/.ens.
3i. Because we believe iii the Gov
ereign power of this government to
create money out of any material. re
gardiess of the intrinsic value of ma
terial used. and if one mletai is to be
demonetized, we favor cotnonetizint:
all metals and substituting therefor a
paper money is-ued direct from the
government.
1,. Because we believe that the
free coinage of silver will bring to us
closer commercial relations with MeIx
ico. all the South American republics.
Japan, China, and the silver-using
countries of the world.
II1. Because every nation that
uses iliver for any purlpose has to buy
the bullion from the United States or
Mexico, and we favor any policy that
enlarges upon the uses of silver, be
cause it enhances the value of a
United States product.
12. Because we are opposed to any
restrictions upon the supreme power
of this nation to make its own money
from any materialof its own seiection.
These are some of the reasons why
we favor free coinage of silver. A
great majority of the l)emocrats of
Texas agree with us in many of the
reasons for our policy. Bit there is
another school of DIemocrats in '1'exa,
who pronounce these policies danger
ous, ruinous, dishonest: who are clam- '
orous for an -"honest dollar." They v
I say there is but one material from
which an honest dollar can be made, I
because:
1. There can be no honest money
without an intrinsic value as a base. I
2. Because no one nation can es
tablish a money for universal use.
:t. Because our international mon
eyed obligations must be met and dis- I
charged by a universal money. with
a universal intrinsic value, and gold
is the only money that embodies these I
qualities. I
1. That our credit can only be
maintained by gold money with which i
to discharge our promises. <
5. That free coinage of silver will I
drive all the gold from the country, ,
and put us on a silver monometallic <
basis. i
6. That this nation can not, inde- i
pendent of international agreement, I
enter upon free coinage of silver. t
My answer to the gold Democrats'
ýfirst objection is that money is the t
creatio: of law; it is necessarily
local, confined to the territorial limits r
that creates it; that money is but the I
contrivance of local nations to further 1
commerce, the liberty, the happiness, I
of its own immediate family, and e
ceases to be money the moment it I
passes beyond the immediate family. I
it may possess a value, but it is not I
a money value; it is a commodity I
value, such as would attach to a bill
of exchange, an individual draft, or
an article of merchandise ship- I
ped by one family to another. This s
value is measured by solvency, r
standing, ability to pay, and
the wants and uses of the commodity. F
My answer to the second argument a
is, no one nation ever undertook to a
establish a money of umversal use.
Money is the legitimate exercise of
sovereignty; it is not made for foreign- r
ers, it is made for home use, just as Ia
statutory law Is made for home regu- c
lation. The municipal regulations of t
nations is as inviolate as the municipal (
regulation of family. No country has t
a right to dictate to us the material h
or the value of our money. They may i
contract with us for so many penny
weight of gold or ounces of silver, s
and to be of certain fineness, and pub- t
lic honor compels us to live to the e
contract, just as they can contract (
with us for so many head of cattle of I
certain weight or condition; but when a
they contract with us ior so many dol- I
lars. it means for such dollars as this t
sovereign nation shall declare to be j
dollars. a
To the third argument I answer: s
This nation has never contracted such s
international obligations. We have t
no debt that is not lawfully payable I
in gold. silver or legal tender money. o
There is no such thing uas universal '
mosey. You had as well talk about a
universal international suffrage, or p
lead ownership, or any civil right c
that attaches to personal allegiance. c
If foreign governments can voice our
money sad its local or debt paying a
quality, why mot voice our army, our u
navy, our citisenship? Our constitu- u
tion says that congress shall coin ew te
moneay aod regulate its value, etc. If t
foreign oountries can tell us when, I
where, how much and from what ma-t
iterinl we shall make our money., then w
why should not theoe same foreign a
c.oatriws tell u who shall b mits 1*
dlers, how many we shall have, who
shall constitute our citizens? Why
- not for foreigners invade any and all
a sovereign rights, if they have the au
fthority to invade a single one?
2 The fourth and fifth arguments I
will answer together: Our credit
abroad does not depend upon the char
- acter of our money, but upon our re
sources, our ability to preserve our
s national existence, our capability to
- 'respond to tax levies. We need a
f money that will stay at home. If
- cowardly gold, potential gold, cannot
3 stand home competion with other
money material, let her flee. (,old
never rescued from peril a nation:
f gold never performed a charity, a re
º form, or instigated a revolution; gold
- never founded a government, stood
I behind a cannon or musket or pene
- trated a wilderness:it is venal. seltish,
unpatriotic. Let gold go. we will
have better men, better women, a bet
ter government.
My answer to the sixth objection is:
Ninety-live per cent of our trade re
lations are domcstic, 5 per cent oniy
is foreign. Why should the lesser
control the greater? Why should 5
per cent of foreign trade dominate 9.
per cent of home trade? Why should
we adapt ourselves to a 5 per cent of
trade and sacrifice our home citizen
ship? Why let the non-producing,
dependent and consuming countries
of the world price our products, our
industries? W\hy notassert our right
to clothe and feed the world, and
price it ourselves?' To do otherwise
is to surrender manhood to money,
virtue and industry to autocratic
wealth, intelligence and muscle
Sto the accident of birth and fareign
caste. (;oldbugism, has no place
with free men; it is the apparation of
political death, of personal slavery.
Don't be alarmed by the cry of repu
diation; no living nation ever repudi
:ted honest debt. It is the bankrupt,
;ne conquered, the dead that don't
pay. l)on't be frightened by the cry
of a dishonest dollar. It is the trade
mark of a Shylock, the patent right
of a hireling. the ensign of a tory, the
echo of a tombstone. the courage of a
traveler, the malediction of the van
quished.
The party I represent stands for an
honest dollar. We want no token
money. We want every dollar to be
a dollar by its own inherent force con
ferred on it by law. We want no pet
dollars, to be styled redemption dol
lars; we want the same dollar for the
wage earner, the banker, the bond
holder.
It is the universal experience of the
world that abundant money makes
high prices, scarce money low prices.
I can understand why the owner of
a gold mice should want all standard
money made from his material, be
cause it quadruples the value of his
bullion. I can understand why the
owner of a bond which may be dis
charged with money made from a va
riety of materials should want to
change the terms of his bond and
make it payable in money of one ma
terial only, and that the very scarc
est, because the value of his bond is
thereby enhanced many fold. I can
understand why the selfish owner of
many millions of money should want
to destroy all money except his own,
because the purchasing power of
his dollar is thereby appreciat
ed beyond computation. But
I can not understand why the
man who owns no gold mine. no
bonds, no money, whose only capital
is industry, whose happiness is em
ployment at remunerative wages,
whose success is an adequate value of
his products and his property, why
such a man should favor gold mono
metallism, favor a contraction of debt
paying money, should question the
power of his government to provide
an aboundance of money, should favor
a policy which relegates to banks the
privilege and power to supply this
quantum of money, is to me an enig
ma, a parodox. Our entire inaebted
ness, national, state, county, muni
cipal, corporate and otherwise, is es
timated at from $30,000,000,000 to
$40,000,000,000. I therefore affirm
that there is not money enough of all
kinds in the United States to pay the
interest on the this sum for one year.
Again, it is estimated that the oan
nual industrial products of this na
tion are approximately of the value
of $11,000.000,000. There is less than
$1,000,000,000 in circulation in the
United States. For every $11 worth
of cotton, $11 worth of wheat, $11
worth of labor, there is $1 in money
to pay for it. Can $1 of money be
just to $11 of labor? As the volume
of money has been contracted the
value of property has declined. When
silver wu worth $1.35 per ounce cot
ton was worth 26 cents per pound.
When silver was worth $1 per ounce
cotton was worth 18 cents per pound.
When silver was worth 90 cents per
ounce ootton was worth 13 cents per
pound. When silver was worth 80
cents per ounce cotton was worth 11
cents per pound. When silver was
worth 70 cents per ounce cotton was
worth 9 cent. perpound. When silver
was worth 60 cents per ounce cotton
was worth 6 catesper.pound. Whatis
true of the falliag prices of cotton is
true of the fallIan prices of wheat.
Egypt and the Inodies compete with
the United States in proQdingl the
jlri'a supply of cotton: They are
aud have been silver countries. Eng
lad pays for Indian and Egyptale
D cotton with silver, the bullion of
r which is bought by England from the
I United States. When silver was $1.46
per ounce cotton paid for in silver
cost more than cotton bought with
silver at 50 cents per ounce.
t Now, India cotton in the year I194.
was worth in India silver the same
- per pound that it was for five years
r preceding that date. It follows as a
logical sequence that any impairment
of the value of silver bullion is a
f corresponding impairment of the
t value of such industries, as silver
r countries compete with us in growing
I and selling. The most prosperous na
tions to-day are the silver countries.
iMexco is enjoying unparalleled pros
1 perity. Japan is developing with
greater tapidity than ever before in
- her history. The good countries ar.+
now reaping a harvest of aistress. In
I the issue of P'ublic ()pinionof Scptem
ber 19 occurs the following: "1't is
anticipated that the farmers of En-
land cannot go through the coming
winter without help.-" Lord Salis
ibury is asked to devise measures of
relief for them. This he can not do
without seriously conflicting with
other interests. The situation in
England -.is exceptionally depress
f uing and threatens to tswoine worse.
All the products of the farm can
be supplied at cheaper rates from for
eign sources than they can be raised
in England, and from this outlooK the
6 situation is almost helpless. Farmers
contemplate the coming winter with
feelings of absolute dismay." -rom the
Springfield Republican of same date
is taken the following: --Six hundred
and fifty-nine acres of .and in Eng
tand with farmhouses. stables, home
stead and seven cottages sold ior
$2rI8,50U. This property adozen years
or more ago was valued at 10U)0,000
and only four years ago- was mort
gaged for $7v,000.U. 'Ibis in the
creditor country of the world. This
is the country that is trying to force
monometalism upon every nation with
whom they have intercourse or influ
ence.
Now a word with another school of
Democrats who believe in the free and
unlimited coinage of silver at the
ratio of 16 to 1. There is but little
difference between you and me. You
believe in the free coinage of silver
at the ratio of 16 to 1. So do we.
We have it in our platform. You
have not. You are opposed to na
tional banks as banks of issue: so are
we. We have it in our platform; you
have not. You are opposed to inter
est-bearing bonds in time of peace:
so are we. We have it in our plat
form: you have not. You believe that
the government should issue all the
money; so do we. We have it in our
platform; you have not You believe
in paper money issued by the govern
ment; so do we. We have it in our
platform: you have not. Now we ap
proach the ground of debate. We
favor a legal tender fiat paper money;
you say you do not. You want an in
trinsic value for a base money:
we do not. You want all pa
per money redeemable in metallic
money; we do not. Here is where
free silver Democrats are at a disad
vantage with gold Democrats. Here
is a silver dollar. Confessedly it has
an intrinsic value of 50 cents only,
yet it is current as mouey for 10t)
cents. Fifty cents of intrinsic value,
100 cents of monetary value. There
is manifestly something here worth
50 cents not accounted for on an in
trinsic value basis. What is it? This
dollar is worth 100 cents as money
and 50 cents in reality. Whence
comes this friction? All concede it is
government Bat. If the nation can
flat for 50 cents, why not go 100
cents? Then this difference between
us resolves itself into one of deg:-ee
rather than principle. Again. you
want a paper money redeemable in
metal money, to make it an honest
dollar. If you are honest in this, to
secure an honest paper dollar you
must retire a metal dollar to redeem
it with. This would not increase the
circulating medium one farthing.
But you may that one dollar of me
tallic money will float and sustain
three or five of paper money. T'Ihat
may be true. but your paper dollar is
not a genuine Christian dollar. It
possesses no intrinsic value nor has
it a full intrinsic value behind it. You
are opposed to bonds. You issue
#5,000,000,000 of paper money. You
retire $1,000,000,000 of metallic
money to redeem it with. Now the
money shylesks buy $1,000,000,000 of
your paper, present it for redemp
tion. Your reserve is burst. You
must maiataoin it. What are you to
do? How will you restore the reserve?
You must issue bonds, and you must
continue to ilsue bonds so long as
your reserve is subject to raids by the
holders of redeemable paper money.
The more such paper money, the
easier you become a prey to money
syndicates.
There is no half way between in- I
trinsic value and absoluta fiatism.
You maat come to one or the other.
This government has the power to
create adollar or it has not. T'his
government has the power to select
the material from which a dollar is
made or has not If you declare Uho
right to elect the material, then we
are together. If you deny the right
of government in either of the lore
going propositions, then you are
a Gleveland I)Democrat. and should
ceae* to msequerl44 as a free hilver
If Democrat. Let us purify our polities.
a let us come to an issue, stand by our
I convictions.
r There are some things the Demo
I cratic party as now organized never
can or will do.
They will never give this country
a free silver. They will never repeal
s the national banking act.
a They will never issue an irredeem
t ab:e paper dollar by the government
a They will never give this country free
trade, nor will they ever give this
r country a tariff for revenue only.
Thl'ley will never dislodge a trust
[ They will never restore an acre of
stolen land. ' hey will never abridge
the privileges of a corporation.
'They will never protect a raw ma
I terial in the south or west. They will
never make free a raw material in
the north or east. They will never
Smake free a manufactured product.
There are some things the Demo
cratic· party as now organized will do
They will preserve and duplicate
every trust. They will protect every
money syndicate. T'lhey will I-sue
Ibonds whenever the liothschilds and
the Morgans demand t';em. l'hey
will redeem and destroy every green
- back dollar in the nation. They wi,l
redeem or convert into a bond every
I treasury note, and every gold and
I silver certiticate.
1 'hey will create banks with peower
to iksue money upon every bond made
by the government. They will con
i fer upon banking corporations the e\
celusive right to issue every dollar
I (not having intrinsic value) that the
people are permitted to have. 'T'm
- all that they will do. I stand una,
terably opposed: to all they will
not do, I stand in favor of. by
every tradition of my country. by
every teaching of my life, by every
interest I possess, by every instinct
of my manhood and every impulse of
3 my nature.
.etOl.tltll interest and no more bor:ds
will be issued. Then we will nay as
we go.
f
1 iI f. you any rights that monoooiy
is compelled to respect? If so, what
are they?
A I;.FORMtEK that scratches a Pop
ulist ticket must be at outs with his
own understanding.
'ITHE net earnings of the 3.759 na
tional banks in 1893, was $68,760,952.
on a capital of 1684,342,024.
MoEv is a commercial redeemer,
and all money should be full legal
t tender-or money of finsi account.
r As leader of either of the old par
ties who denies that law makes money,
- knows that he denies a truth, hence
is a liar.
I'THERE is about as much afinity be
tween a reformer and a Republican
leader as there is between a skunk
and cologne.
THISNK it over-why should amoney
be made redeemable? Is not money
made to redeem obligations to settle
balances; to pay debts?
IT has been acurately figured out,
and found that the bond syndicate
made $10,822,930 on the last bond
deal. Traitor Cleveland.
Di ~rusoN greed and selfishness.
and the gulf between the employer
and the employe, between the rich
and the poor, will dry up.
1 I'IE Devil rides nearly all the time.
He rides first one old party leader
and then another, owing to the in
fluence and position of the leader, and
what he wants done.
JtsT as was expected, the Republi
cans and Democrats of Seward coun
ty, Kan., have fused to defeat the
l'opulists. But, really. what is the
difference between themn ?
1WHIEN all the inside facts become
public about Gov. Culberson's anti.
prize light record and law, won't
there hbe "weeping and wailing anti
gnashing of teeth" among the faith
ful?
Iv we are to have gold money let's
be as fair and as impartial to the sil
ver mine owners as to the gold mine
owners, and have silver money also.
Treat all monopolies the same. All
polecats smell alike.
THIS nation is supreme. Our con
grcss has absolute power. Then cre
ate full legal tender money and stop
issuing bonds. Think of a few bond
holders controlling the country, or an
elephant being bound by a spider's
web.
Ir Cleveland and Carlisle had held
the positions they do. prior to 1860,
and had advocated what they
now advocate, they would have been
declared guilty of treason, impeached.
removed from office and maybe
hanged.
I London, Eng.. In January !873.
the bullion value of the silver i, an
American silver dollar was #1.016. It
was then a full legal tender. In theA
year 1893., it was worth, in the sare
market, having been demonetiz,.
only a fraction over66 cents. Yet the
gold bugs tell as that law don't make
money. He who lies from Ignorance
umay be excusable, but he who lies (s
prut, never.