WEAK NERVES
Indicate as surely as any physical eymp-. " With pleasure I will state that Hood's
tom shows anything, that the organs Sarsaparilla has helped me wonderfully.
and tissues of the body are not satisfied For several months I could not lie down to
with their nourishment. sleep on account of heart trouble and also
They draw their sustenance from the Prostration of the Nerves.
blood, and if the blood is thin, impure, F rik g b .
The cure fo. 'ervousns t" s fe-I or ers I nao been w oheorbmg ofu
or insunsufficient, they are in a state of re-rs I he bie dcte in, a
olt. Thr c t ae m e could not get cured. I received relief for a
volt. Their eomplaints ael made to s t ee
the brain, the king of the body, through while but not permanent. Soon after be
the nervous system, and the result of ginning to take flood's Sarsaparilla there
the general dissatisfaction is whate " as chauge for the betty.r. In a short
call Nervousnessa time I was feellug splendidly. I now rest
a o e , ra snable extlana well and am able to do work of vhntever
tion of thes ol e matter. kind. If I had not tried IIood's Sarsaparilla
tion of the hole m ate m toevey. "
The cure for Nervousness, then, is I do not know what would have become of
simple. Purity and enrich your blood I me. I keep It in my house all the time, and
by taking Hood's Sarsaparilla, and the other members of the family take It, and all
nerves, tissues and organs will have tihe say there is
healthful nourishment they crave. Ner- Nothing Like Hood's
vousness and WVeakness will then give Sarsaparilla. I have highly recommended it
way to strength and health, fand one of my neighbors has commenced
That this is not theory but fact is taking It. I recommend Hood's Sarsaparilla
proven by the voluntary statements of at every opportunity." Mr.s. 8. BRAD
thousands cured by Hood's Sarsapa- DOCK, 404 Erie Av., Williamsport, Peunsyl
tilla. Read the next column, vania. Remember
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is the Only
True Blood Purifier
About F orlda.
Florida has wonderful recuperative
powers. When the last cold wave
visited the peninsula, vegetation suf
feriog from the preceding one had al
ready greatly revived. Frostbitten
orange trees had put forth new leaves
and were developing fruit buds, and
early vegetables had been replanted
and were in a flourishing condition.
Frost that would leave itq marks for
years elsewhere is forgotten in a sea
son down in Florida
P.ttsbarg's Scheme.
Pittsburgers are working hard for
a "Greater Pattsburg." It is pro
posed to take in Allegheny, on the
opposite bank of the river, and enough
other towns to make Pittsburg the
fourth city in the union in point of
size. They also want a ship canal to
connect the city with the big lakes,
and expect to realize both projects.
lrATS Or O1o, CrrY Or TOLEDO,
LucAs Coaxnr. ,
axa J. Czsar makes oath that be is
the senior partner of the arm of F. J. Cas
asT t Co., doing business in the City of
Toledo, County and State aforesaid, and
that said Arm will pay the sum of ON
HUNDRED DOLLARS for each and every
case of Catarrh that esn not be cared by
the meo H.LL's CATAmUN CoRs.
FRANK J. CHENEY.
swarsnto before me and subscribed in my
s eD this kh day December, A. D.
-A. W. OLEASON,
t- I Notary Public.
eb' Ca errb Car o taken naternally and
edireetly o the bleeood and mucous mu
aes eat the system. lead for testimoe
Oak, bý J. ý. C sENNY & CO.
Toledo, O.
What maes vanity so asufferale to as
6 that It wounde our own.
lags will be med the eomg asr sess
KeI than over ere, e aily
sisare leaYes Wkid oas
a r tbe st Whel as well as may
A bdrowam man and a thirsty man
dakh at a straw wth equal advidity.
Sbsamm m. q a O nm av
Mtst ere .aer Mss" A o 1ses
A ma- -se mds eat how lite he knows
WWa akM beg to put questions to
ouLST. JACOBS OILCu
inhmm.rm, brais. Srwny AN Aches,
* blabs,- bmwn, baos, t NurC
a...mSAT $011 N NEED THAN A PERFECT CURL...
'S International
SM...; DAifonary
a ýle tw 'i[
oil lillAnow I"sr t..
bk. ine c U. Ualý ku uBd.s,
- -- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
0ou3w and Colds,
sm"M A aAuiIh Weak Lamu Qamen Debility and
di~aa dtN. . -dib. .sad by
~i~ Enu Won
ýwgMmaIwy.bl iai pr by ihbm I, al
^SmmhwýYr ti ed. eL N.ise a - I - t r t g. ,
bum~assub~wum.,e
- li it i1 raos P ilrC . - "
'° = ýsuN' of ii ta' it is ,Mrs;
es.I
d
About Suicldeo.
An insurance journal has recently
collected statistics of suicide in the
United States. Mlany of the facts
gathered are surprising, but the most
singular and perplexing is the fact
that *"the classification by condition
shows a greater proportion of suicides
among the married men than among
the unmarried men, which is contrary
to the accepted theory." Contrary
it certainly is to the statistics of
Europe, where the fact that more
bachelors than benedicts shuffle off
their mortal coil voluntarily, has long
been cited as one of the most obvious
reasons for entering the holy state of
patrimony.
ConZrss on Childhood.
An international congress on child
hood, will be held in Florence in the
spring of 1895. Among the questions
to be discussed are the physical,
moral and mental elevation of child
ren, children's hospitals, the care of
deaf-mute and blind children up to
the time of their admisnion into an
educational institution, care of poor
and abandoned children, reforma
tories and vagabonds in relation to
childhood.
An Old Pipe.
Probably the most notable pipe in
New York is in a shop in Nassau
street. It ranked as a curiosity even
in 1840, when it was carried by To
dleben, the Russian general, who
smoked it in his campaigns and jour
noys. It was afterward lost, was
found by a common soldier and later
brought to this couutry.
1t the Baby is cattig Teeth.
sBsue and de that old and wei-trild rmsdy, ma.
Wameows soonrmu Semr for Chslldo Trmshs.
In every rank, both great and small, it
Is industry that supports us all.
Pio's Care for Consumption has no eqal
s a Coegh medicine-F. M. Assorr, St,
Bes B., Buffalo, N. Y., May 9, l94
Unblushing impudenoe is more disgust
tag than fraud of any kind.
Fos Inmpre or thin Blood, Weakness,
Malaria, dg, idigestion and Bilious
eass, take Brown's Iro Bitters-it gives
strength, making old persons feel you-
and young persao str(g; pleast t tat
He who would be a great soul in the h.
toe must be a great soul now.
CSOME ODD THINGS IN NATURE.
Inexplicable Operations for the Conider
atlon of People Who "Know It A;i."
The'se are processes of nature which
seem as inexplicable as th' operation
of the miiil'. Why does sugar always
crystallize in a certain way and salt in
a certain other way? An infallille
test for some minerals is their form t of
it crystallization. Why does the ,s
a terious movement of the sap in a p;.,nt
proceed with such absolute regularity
that in the leaf, say, of a vari,,,ratci
I geranium a little coloring matter of
t one shade is dropped at one point ;::l
a little of another shade at anoi, ,r
a point, with never a mistake? \V1hy
d does nature, or rather how
i does nature tell the wheat that
is grown in northern latit ldes
that it must produce many seeds to
each plant so that some of them may
survive the rigor of the winter? Why
do the plants of the tropics expend all
their forces in leaf and gorgeous
flower and yield only a few seeds as if
they knew that in the genial climate
where they flourish every seed stotd a
good chance of growing? D)il the
plants learn these things themselves,
as the mice learned that it was no use
to be born with tails, and the short
horn cows learned that it was no use
to be born with a disposition to give a
large flow of milk, or the trotting
horse learned that he ought to be born
with a trotting instinct? These are
difficult questions, good questi. ns to
be thought over by those very excel
lent people who are satisfied that they
"know it all."
HE CAME FROM CHINA.
And Hlid Come so Suddenly That lie
Bothered a Lecture.
When Mrs Booth, the famous lec
turer, traveled through Maine, her at
tention was called by an awkward lit
tle boy who shuffled in at a way sta
tion and with the gall of innocence
sat himself down in the double seat
that Mrs. Booth had pre-empted. She
smiled and divided an orange with
,him. Then she quizzed the shy little
stranger in the rusty garments.
"Do you travel much, my boy?"
"Never's on the cars before but
twiet, marm."
"Is that so? Why, where do you
live?"
"China, marm."
e "China! My! Aren't you a long way
s from home?"
"Yes'm, but I brought my dinner,
cos father said they'd ask like all cre
I ation for anything to eat circus day."
o Mrs. Booth was very much worked
r up, for the thought flashed across her
r mind that this innocent-looking
youngster was guying her. She leaned
; forward and asked very sternly:
"Little boy, when did you leave
home?"
"This morning, marm."
"What are you talking about? Where
is China?"
"It's over beyond Waterville a piece.
You take the stage-"
But Mrs. Booth turned to her'buok
without waiting for more information
upon the topography of Maine.
A FEARFUL THREAT.
It Brought a Crew of Belsteroes Sea
men to Their Senses.
In the British navy sailors are often
in the same ship for three or four, or
even more years. During this time
their craft is their home, and they
speak of it as such, and with an affec
tion as if it were a living thing. By
means of the ship the men may be
wonderfully influenced. The late Cap
tain Hall was in command of a re
markably fine frigate on the South
American station, of which he anti his
crew were justly proud.
The handsome bust on her beautiful
figurehead was brightly gilt, and
great care was taken of it. The har
mony which had generally prevailed
on board was somehow disturbed.
But instead of resorting to corporeal
punishment, the captain summ6ned
the men aft, and in simple, manly
speech, pointed out the impropriety of
their conduct, and concluded thus:
"So now, my lads, if this be not put
an end to, and hearty goodwill re
stored, I'll blacken your figurehead
and put the ship in mourning."
Had a bombshell fallen at their feet
the men could not have been more as
tonlthed. To have their figuresead
blackened! No, anything rather than
that and in this way order and bar- c
mony were restored.
Tr4 Vae on a Tombetee.
It is reported that a human face can
be traced on a tombstone in the cepe
tery at Stony Brodk, Long Is'#nd.
When examined at shortrsage there is
nothing peculiar about the groulling
of dark spots and veins in the marble,
but men from a distance of thirty or
forty feet, the spots and lines all be
come part of a clearly outlined whole~
with lights and shadows produeing a
regular faee of average sizae. The face
appears on the back of the stone, and
the eyes seem to be looking down
upon the ground.
Order f tOe carter. U
The insignli of the order of the
Garter are. A gold medallion of St.
George and the dragon, suspended
from a blue ribbon; the garter itself,
of dark blue velvet; a blue velvet
meatle, lined with taffeta, with the
star of the rier embroidered on the
left breast; a hood and sureoat of
erimai velvet and a hat of black vel- a
vet; a allar of gold wrighing thirty
oanees, ud t~ star with the erom of
St Gerge in the center eseiroled by
the gartr; I
Te Fremeamadelmy has resolved to
i~a fom o the preusetitt "Dietion
atire Histrique" a history of words,
which, after forty years' work o it, I
bhs not yet, in four volumes, rehed
the end of tim letter A. Th'e s demy -
bemeices to devote it whole atte- -
MeW. the eulom e the ourdiary I
dI aam mints ho umb0hlhin
A Good School.
. The California School of Mechani
cal Arts, the last of the numerous
magnificent bequests made to the
h public by the late James Lick, is now
n open. The total amount of the en
vs dowment is l40,000,of which $115,000
in has been expended in the construc
Ic tion and equipment of the builling.
,f Any graduate of a grammer school
- or any boy or girl now enrolled in the
nt last garmmar grade of any California
v school, and any other applicant who
:1 can give evidence of ability to take
of up the course of this school, will be
d received. One hundred students have
r* already been accepted and there are
iy places for about fifty more.
t Why, of ( ourse.
. A Paris paper recently contained
to the following advertisement: "A
. lady moving in the best society of'
SLondon is desirious of taking out and
il I presenting at court a young American:
l lady. The highest references will be
if given and required. High renumera
t,. ion expected. Address. in the first
a instance, C., care of William .Negus,
,, Esx.. 36 Bloomsbury square, London,
W. C."
(e Lo-h,.teri.
it "Broiled live lobsters" is a fa.nil
l tar phrase that has been explained to
a the satisfaction of the Society for the
: Prevention of of Cruelty to Animals,
I but "live broiled lobsters," s hich
e appears on the enameled sign of a
tot Broadway restaurant in New York re
- mains yet unexplained.
What a Blessing
It is to have stro:ng nerves, and how many are
denied it. 'l hIy to whom nature has ten
niggard In this respect can c njoy nerve vigor
lad quietude if they use lkostetter a Stomach
hitters, one of the fineat nervinca and toulnc
In existence. Dyspepsia, a prolilc source of
nerve ilquietilue, is invariably overcome by
this genial medicine, which is also potent as a
t- remedy for malarial and kidney troaule ad
eonaupation.
W- ell, Why .Not?
0 The Gerplan house builders always
It eontrive to leave a small flat place on
e the roof of each house for the storks
1t to rest and build on.
tWE"
*t W 1 3
-GIVE
AWAY<.
Absolutely free of cost, for a
LUItTED TItE ONLY,
d The People's Common Sense Medical Ad
viser, By R.V. Pierce, M. D., ChiefConsulting
' Physician to the Invalids' Hotel and Surgical
e Institute, Buffalo, a book of over I,ooo large
pages and 3oo colored and other illustrn
] tions, in strong paper covers to any one
z sending ai cents in one-cent stamps for
e packing and postage onlr. Over 6Ao.on
Z copies of this complete Family Doctor Book
already sold in cloth bindiing at regular
price of $1.5o. Address: (with stamps and
this Coupon) WoaLu's DISPENSARn Men.
3ICAL AasocATION, No. 663 Main Street,
k Buffalo, N. V.
'Otinma: .ap.grdeg prots ter tbe resmts 7a4,
weI4 say, wo hepe. rd.m.e e fst pee.'. .stpo* of A.4.
raen,. . at ,et,. as wen.d..a doe t a Irt. ptl ent .
re- dt .of1 w y.- abI.te .dwa ai" awl . `ag
500 AERMOTORS
o do st attrb- atas fhbaildy nose wdyrtly. aver'.
t, bu to tb* o·perimrl't of the god whimdyes tsk..
sae, a at Isn. UrbanaU, Il., Febaury 18, I:."
nr (tauaa: We Lbougt aid pt up /teerta1W1e.. Ide
of the asn atyr wsbh a tim ts.. ta.
400 AERMOTORS
Is oat smll territ Lrapda-' as d 1M atr
and m A pmrC11La. bqiaais to thin mie t
hur. Thi bn-.iary m Bep n rae ýmnrtp.
Asde [rataL mtheAt tie bass been but few
ether wandmtll put up to s nt y--juse
ensslh wete with to s.empr a
show the nlb s as - pIm.ry.fthe
- otem Is dtega, wesknip,
I c112 (ail plsalemd tveis rstmpe
Ls, awd asability to i w wsrkh
who allst others estas !a ts ae, bs ot r ane
We soubsd he sMe ea , M the.. ur seem n
p with., wt hs eaMe e aigse baS imeal 
1 oeo lmre l to oel a ls hae.
tarest, a'l e s e by sh . b oa t u
oan oreevrtteamst I trAswr nth.-e
A S ple U o llrm t eall om ei·as Is w.pe.
$o 5ran1a 5P Brk l St.
-alyse OA.geeotA ae u hMem aen em th S
Sse t imesa, wtiAs b PI a seI t, lbNsw
aer n it vss one
Bly New Yto*r mI. asWIL I'e~ork.
Arte " o swe ltfeatend M nestll m ada -
eal ol-ani sad Oafs worn: h are made of line
l ol, forTwty-Plv
ii. SCALPER
iNn. , Le £ adm W, 1 US ole 
satest r Iagd be sy S en7 m o n eoehm
send Wire MInlugbew C. Radme, wis
Cao-
Htghcs of all in Leavening Power.- -Latest U. S. Gov't Report
B L Powder
ABSOLUTELY PUbRE
hlere are two or three anclotes of
German children: It was at a large
party. A gentleman had the- misfor
tune to break a glass. I.itt!e Iena,
who was standing near her' mamma,
Sraised herself on tiptoe and o hi,per
L ed. loud enough for all of the com
Spany to hear: "And one of the bor
1 rowed ones, too)" Later in the even
a ing the hostess gae one of her little
e daughters a nice apple. .Now give
- your mamma a kiss, there's a dear.
said the child's uncle. "'"1(1 not
allowed to when she's painted her
face." ILittle l'Paul was sent with a
bunch of tlowers to the manager's
wifo on her birthday, and waited in
silence after he had been dismis.sed.
Lady -- Well. my young man, what are
you waiting for now? Plaul--..Mamma
said I was not to ask for a piece of
birthday cake, but wait till I got it."
Some people think they are safe as long
as they su-leect es erth~ ngE.
I want every man and woman In the
Untted States who are intere.tael in tho
opium and whisky halits to have oue o ,.
my books on these di.eases. Addroess. i
M. Woolley, Atlanta, Ca.. box 377, and one I
will be sent you free.
He that labors is tempted by one devil;
be that is idle, by a thousand.
McELREES'
WINE OF CARDUI.
1
For Female Diseases.
W. L. DoUcLAS
13 THEIT FOR A KINOI
O. CORDOVANT.
M. FI CAurt&KAlen
$ 3.9t POUCE,35 LSo ,
€0. $*2. WORKINe.yt
L EXTRA FINE- .
s2*I.$*BOYSlu.LaILU
'"L DIEeS.
5itO0K'Tý.,.a;-._
anoc ruotWMass.
Over One Million People wear the
W. L. Douglas $3 & $4 Shoes
All our shoes are equally satisfactory
Tiey give the beet value for the moee.
They equal custom shoes style andlt.
a er weanr lngti ere t marna eed.
The prices are aunform,--stanped om sol
Prom S. to $3 saved ever other makes
If your dealer cannot st;nby you we can.
WALTER BAKER & CO,
The Larpstt Manufacturers of
PURE, HINH CRADE
CCCOAS AND CHOCOLATES
on h.ba CatInast ha.e rast
HIGHEST AWARDS
bom the groat
Industrial and Food
EXPOSITIONS
In Europe and America.
Talie tshe Dat'h iyroe "en Ah.-r
ies or oter (hnlamieisor Dyeen se
used in any of their ptestta
7enrdium BRE·AKs AT COCOA Is ah
ureat asihts, sad conr le tha ea. Bat n~esp.
SOLD OIROCERSI EVEIRYWHERL
JCO-IIEL
tL now faIso remedy Is te Ftrsat di, aeoaery
oftheagenndaboon to the nmlleted-to the hereto
oerlneurble. It i hnrmluea In it. spplication anti
postilve ta Itt cur.. It heal rill Inflanmmatlto, n kwn
ens deadtimate to life. purltes the blood and pene
trcies even to the nerve fluid. and positively deneroy.
all mitroh and germ, rhich create dinor·e. As cvl
domof Its .,nderful healng and ouratrle plopersliem
send for f tree U-tmpasg book oft erttlnatea- . where I
have no ageat. rail mon druglit, or send dirett to the
diaeo.v.r nnd proprletor, It. B JONES, 1'. 0. O. B , I,
qyv, cl.
Picked Up In Church
es .
us Sodd
CLAIRlEr Everywhere.
SOAP. MADr OXY IY
THE N. FAIRiANK COMPANY, St. Louis.
I'ride is not a lbal thin.: whi, it, onir
urges its to hide oiur o\n hii urto, not to hurt
or inilre othler•.
The Evolntion
()f medical agents is grainally releating
the ohl time herbs, pills, sdralghts na I veg
; etable extracts to the rear and Iinging
into general use the pleasant and effective
- llui, lazatoive, ,s rnll o Fiti.- IT get tho
true re:nmely see that it ik rnntlfaliturel Iby
he t'aflirnina Fi. Si ruip 'o. untl. Fur
ale .by all leading druggints.
-\etetl toide-ty is the mo-t viotu, formu
of self conciou-.nel-.
FocR I slelsia. udigeition andt Siton:n, h
di-orders use Brown', Iron Hitter. the
Best 'I oni. It rebuiil- the .t steim, cleutani
the Blwod and strengthen, the ieui.hes A
splendid medicine for weak and debclitated
3 perbon.
S Alt o.t the only force some peo,le have
is the force of habit.
55 enll PIllells or 10 Cells
D Tbhee patterns retail in fashnn Iacears and cst-ro
Sfor te to d0 cents each, bit in order t., lucrecse the sle
Onand among strangers we offer them to the lady read
er. of this paper for the remarkably low price of only
IO reate each. Postage one cent esra.
The patterns are all of the very latest New Yirk
stiles and are unequaled for style, accuracy of fit, elm.
plncity and economy. For twenty-four years the-,
patterns have been used the country over. Full de
Scriptions and directions-as the number of yards of
material required, the number and names of the dillf
ftreat pieces in the pattern, haw to rut and lit an- put
the garment together-are sent with each pattern,
with a picture of the garment to go by. These pat.
terns are complete in every particular, there beinlg a
separate pattern for every single piece of the dreo,
Your order will be filled the anme day It is receve I
Every pattern guaranteed to be perfect.
Luta D TE. Gown. Pattern No 4331 is cit tnds si re,
viz. 3, 34. t, 38, 40 and 42 inthe, bnst measuse.
ere 1 i a ve:y charming
gown -of pale crc'n crepon,
wlth fron of criplned 'lina
silk I ipale pink, green aer
iil s graduate bretelles
Sof lace dios- the shhulders,
the full elsq e oke ,eln.
, outlined wtt Ilan /ink
satin ribbon. I ,nC treamers
of which fall from the ro-etts
fat th left frout. The ity lish
ar:a lugerent i malde over
it:el linings that rl-oe fit
center ront. The yoke and
full front can also be made
to, lose in center, or at the
- shoulder and left front under
crush collar of silk finishes
the neck. The lower par.
tions of the *ier ve are
faced with the elinp 1 slilk,
full Empire puffs of the cre
pt,U staudlng out stylishly
at the tops.
When not convenient to
331. ue the climped ihlk. the
frer.t can be gathered or plaited. Acor ",n platted
silk 1L much used in this way
tich comhinatlotb of lace, net. erepe, or Ilotsl llne.
de-solie and silk, taffeta, cashmere or HRl.ietta. can
ederor'el to suit indi idual fancy. This w il also
be found a good model for cotton fabrics. and th* fill
yoke, collar and bretelles can be omltte if. o pre
lerred.
The retail price of this pattern is 33 cents
Porn' SHiRtT WAIST. Pattern No 354 Is cut iS five
stde, viz . 4, 4, 19 and It yearn.
Stltiei outing flannel make
this useful and comfortable
garment for boys.
SBttens or studs are used In
closingl; the itsd at the wait
line being pros lded with larlrge.
buttons which will rupport the
knee trousers. A Byron collar
flaishe the neck. The com
fortable blirt sleeves are
slashed at the back. providel 6354
with uprer and under facing BOY'S SHIRT WA STS
andeompleted with enffs that
are closed with buttons and buttonholes or 'tuois, as
preferred.
The walst Is intended to w-ar with or without a coet
or blazer as the weather and etroltmstances dirttre
It can be attractively made tip in striped, cbheckel or
plain percale. cambltc, gingham, oxford sblrtingae
French flannel in blue, gray or mirel valieties.
The Ietarn price of patters is 11 cents.
MYlssa' WAIST wIT ViT Fmoorr. Pattern No. 10T1 Is
out In three sizes, vi . It an.1 It years.
.A sery stylish csmbina.
iln of plaln an I fan'y
ullsed silk atn wonol novelty
cloth Is here shownu.
The plain cloth that ls
shown In the waist, jacket
front., revert and sleeves, is
hunters gre*n in color, the
trimming that le-ocntes the
reversand waist. being fancy
galleon Ia green, brown and
gold shades.
The novelty goods frol
whleh the vent is made con.
bines the same colors, golden
brown being the most pronm
Ient shade. The chemisette
6303, can be made of the plain
3 cloth, or It ensa be omitted in
favor of a white or coloes linen shirt front, sad
how necktie.
Thisjaunty style will be feund very becoming to
well formed misses, who like to copy their mam:nas'
style, or who are almost young ladies
Many pretty romhblatloon, both of color and fabric,
ranhe effeete I by the mode, which can be plainly in.
Lbhed in tailor fashion, or decorated in any preferreJ
style.
The retail price of pattern is I cents.
COUPON
In ordering give N'o..... of patterns
wanted Bust...... and Waist...... mean
u1re. Either of these patterns will be sent
to any address upon receipt of 10 cents in
silver or stamps when this coupon is en
closed with order and one cent for potitage,
with your address.
Address COO_ PAT U 00.. 4
117 leek Des 14T, new York
FOUNDERS AND MACHINISTS Gene"r'al t;
Shope. Compresses., Flour Mills, terworks,
Ol Mills, Gis. Ice Plants. KI'etrle Light, etc.
reismlare. Write us. MeaLer M'f Co.. I)ailas.