Rich Red Blood
In the body of an adult person there are "In view of the benefit I have had from
about 19 pounds of blood. Hood's Sarsaparilla I wish to give the follow
The blood has as Its most important ele- lng tesilmonial. I have several times been
ments, small round corpuscles, red and white, badly
in proportion of about 300 red to 1 white one. Poisoned With Creeping Ivy.
If the number of red corpuscles becomes As the old school of medicine simply tried to
diminished and the white ones increased the remove the symptoms Instead of the sotrcees
blood Is impure, thin, lacking in the nutrition of them, much of the poison was left in my
necessary to sustain the health and nerve system to appear in an Itching humor onl my
strength of the body. body with every violent exertion in Marm
Then That Tired Feeling, Nervousness, weather. At all times there were more or less
Scrofula, Salt Rheum, or others of the long indications of poison in my blood, up to a
train of Ills, according to the temperament year ago last winter, when
and disposition, attack the victim. Large Sores Broke Out
The only permanent remedy is found in a on my body. I then purc·hased a bottle of
reliable blood medicine like IIood's Sarsapa- Hood's Sarsaparilla, and after using that and
rle, which acts upon the red corpuscles, en- a half of another bottle, the sores and humor
riching them and increasing their number. disappeared. I attended the Christian En
It thus restores the vital fluid to healthy con- deavor Convention in Monfr'eal and also
dition, expels all Impurity, cures Nervousness, visited the World's Fair in the hottest weather
That Tired Feeling, Scrofula and all other of the summer. Was on the go all the time,
diseases arising from or promoted by low state but
of the blood. Had No Recurrence
That these statements are true we prove of the burning and itching sensation which
not by our own statements, but by what had marred every previous summer's outing.
thousands of perfectly reliable people say I have reason, therefore, to be enthusiastic in
about IIood's Sarsaparilla. Read the testi- my praises of Hood's Sarsaparilla." SAMUEL
monlal in the next column from a beloved 8. SCnsEI.L, pastor of Free Baptist Church,
clergyman. Then take Apalachin, N. Y.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
The Blood Purifier and True Nerve Tonic.
HAVE YOU FIVE.OR MORE COWS ?
It so a" Baby" Cream Separator will earn Its cost for
Sou Av yYear. Why continue an inferior system
dthat you have t always aywell, and m t p you. You
eeread a atr Clair-d you nee the BST,the
"aby."one of the a d Pe,5.
Upward. Bead for new 1596 ogue.
THE DE LAVAL SEPARATOR CO.,
greatest labor- Nt d
ELSa, N1. !a CIAULDAT ST., NEW TOlK.
time. TellYor Wif
that you have
herad that Clair
ette Soap is
will savone of the
greatest labor
saving inven
tions of the
time. Tell
tr h, sYave
her time, save
her clothes.
The merits of
ppeld a see to evesrsy thoaghtitas . It's the bespm t, ad
ma d ost e:maln .oepto be procred. sodederywbere. Made oly by
The It. k. Farbank Company, St. Louis.
, ata with s itheest Basas s Colllge l Da thea
1'. . Sates. xpesaslvly eqalpped. ThL reeestly leaks.
Ssest iealty mosey masa sare; e s5tM5dts paS
year from feuntseo esats. Graasatses sepostlo
frem 1s to e per meeath. Awarded s gld medsal
ad/.Ir tDallas sad ether Slats tais.
Mies Mdres A.i lfi.. eftwids.. (llesq Tsar
35 Ccii Pftthi1 IOCon
iMM g Pm wueo btl b %u eaim rmd
Naf be SM -.a be1at euiw N I~e. Nm. Nes
rMmm aýmý rraam we ebM w bed rea.
-' ee .I tr Mw be a bdr 1.w - el. 0.2
!b pmdhsmae IV be iw bmmow Teat
. md mhmd tr ~be.ma Iof», m
}.Mrr la~'I~JI~.N
- m h#. bum s asd eve_".r. F din
webwr 0 a pbm a
'ss - f a S
2eN.aeM Wyea T Ne. slam.r 3.. Eb e
55mS e INS vS. UES .ada babe.r
wba"wtmt rmm lbs b
.*ra ear b b uaUb eel~rr nobuis
i. "Mm. kmo mpsm
IN n""ft f "eu r» oats r
Sm be a.m* PAMuM"
fqa, bitthra1 euda
-, b W be war
we sem bl b Isme if
*a t .as lrfai
rif T D a fa
ol -N
5b mVha eb. ýbw e ft
S. ..r h*M Ebm bm
t I
r.
ieee 4ý « A i
.t R ,
WL ,cLmAs
5. CORDOVANj
r / MCMALNAMLLLLDC,
3Meu FnCw&K(OW
*3IPOUCE,33SoLg,
$2. W~S·ORKINQ
" V ·CTR A /I `'··J
"LADIL3
OOr O~ JUINa Pwrberr !
W. L. Dog s$3 & $4 Shoes
~thai - ' me.. am gad u
A mlmgq~osson. mmma
/elsh wlmmdhi 0.dmpj.t
tosrdwa stsaooitroa tas
The saw P rmds is the gearto diecoery
Sth. a era a boos to atiod-to sh, hereto
fore trenht It Io hmmlom a Ito aplhstloa and
ors U we= ptou rr the blood
#otr cet "" ecws dtt d por.t.. to the ya
~at. I inifrodr h tLLor mad c (diree tha
~CS~a~LuJOrlraR P.rn 0. Uoz k~
IM SCALPER
Pm, Tmde-Marks
lmImas -- -m
YSS3UAM ads"Is
NIT qI c
S.mr sSw- ia .rtmw
W i l WtrM -S
lop~w
A Rare Coin.
The confederate silver half dollar
is reckoned as one of the rarest
of American coins. Only four such
coins were struck. The confederate
silver half dollar bears the date of
186i1, and was struck at the mint at
New Orleans just before that institu
tion was closed by the federal troops.
It has the goddess of liberty on one
sido, and a stalk of cane, one of cot
ton and the stars and bars of the coat
of arms on the other side.
ndtier Consllideration.
several large canal projects are at
present under consideration by the
ministry of roads and communications
in Russia. One of the most import
ant plans is not new, having been
brought up at intervals for a number
of years: ;t is that for connecting the
White sea with the Baltic. The esti
mated cost by the latest survey is
10,1 )00,00O) rubles.
A Very nmall Itook.
Of the absurdities of the times is a
dictionary of :o') or 410) pages, the
size of a big thumb nail, inclosed in a
case of alu!ninum, silver or gold, and
read by means of a magnillying lens
let into the case. Many persons
bought them at 50 cents, and a few
were foolish enough to take the gold
cased ones at more than twenty-times
that price.
Mlanachusetts Splrltua'lits.
The spiritualists of Massachusetts,
in a recent convention, passed reso
lutions against the medical laws of
the state and against any extension
of the laws of the state and against
any extension of the laws relating to
contagious and other dangerous dis
cases. They believe people ought to
be allowed to die without state inter
fereuce.
Once Only.
One of the most curious accidents
ever known recently happened at
l)ieppe, France. A Canadian bark
loaded with flint stones pounded
against th quay, the flint struck fire
and the vessel was ignited. It had
been used for carrying petroleum and
was full of inflamable vapors. The
bark was entirely destroyed.
KNOWLEDGE
Brings comfort and improvement and
tends to personal enjoyment when
rightly used. The many, who live bet
ter than others and enjoy life more, with
less expenditure, by more promptly
adapting the world's best products to
the needs of physical being, will attest
the value to health of the pure liquid
laxative principles embraced in the
remedy, Syrup of Figs.
Its excellence is due to its presenting
in the form most acceptable and pleas
ant to the taste, the refreshing and truly
beneficial properties of a perfect lax
ative; effectually cleansing the system,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
and permanently curing constipation.
It ha given satisfaction to millions and
met with the approval of the medical
profession, because it acts on the Kid
neys, Liver and Bowels without weak
ening them and it is perfectly free from
every objectionable substance.
Syrup of Figs is for sale by all drug
gists in 50 and $1 bottles, but it is man
4taetured by the California Fig Syrup
Co. only, whose name is printed on every
package, also the name, Syrup of Figs,
and being well informed, you will not
accept any substitute if offdered.
* amjy tewegee epa we teld4 . ear eapmner aS.
$1O 440
led week we teed . the prreem e ghaivmia Is ladri
Je, eerr esetalhe l sat , Sims .1 n11w.,
drMemd ;. an tinewe fll l a th we elll i te pee
e teel pvleied teak with evee at tihe anbeeud o prio
SCI atL pPfAa. IbL tL p tape Iwed hs re.
The Attmej Ct mpels t patte uemer e.Lr
lIa s u TAsT Wsl eds taws SEm A 51Cula1
marI mseas s msassasra sams esss·a.ss
lE IO L T a TO uIP CeauE s s t mim
sem is n ,rt wos Was alsm sn ma, cms
arad Tem Le TA MSq ei t are Sream
-ll w Im e She Mrmeer isMp
Anmtibee the meelad ma
aprimm at w eteja Ore s t at a hItM
be daSJ e al, Uhn I Amwm Cma.
tb, 0-a bek
amme Ith wY egep pewrpeedeleabplad
-- .5 'r
AMPUTATED LEO IN COURT.
Owserhblp Clatmed by a Surgeon and
the Husband of the Loseer.
Who is the owner of an amputated
leg? Is it the mutilated individual or
the mutilating surgeon. This is the
embarrassing question before a court
at Brussels, Belgium. So long as the
limb is in place, says the New York
World, it is scarcely necessary to say
that there cannot arise a doubt of the
ownership-possession is, in this case,
even more than the traditional nine
points of the law. But when the
knife and saw have done their work
when the surgeon has finished his task
--does the proprietor, the original
occupant, preserve his rights in all
their integrity? Or does the artist
who has amputated the member and
transformed it, so to speak. into a
manufactured product, acquire, by
the very fact of his labor, the right
to dispose freely of the detached piece?
That is the problem.
The case stands thus: In the month
of December last a young woman of 25,
newly married, injured herself by a
fall so severely as to necessitate the
amputation of her right leg. The op.
oration succeeded marvelously, and
the surgeon who performed it was so
proud of his work that, without let
ting anyone know, he carried the am
putated limb to his office and exhib
ited it as a trophy. In the most
consplicuous corner of his waiting
room he placed an enormous jar, in
which the log of his client was pre
served in alcohol, and which/was duly
placarded in large letters with the
name, address and age of the former
owner, together with the circum
stances under which the amputation
had been performed. The surgeon
evidently calculated, not without rea
son, that this spectacle would be a
fine thing for his reputation by edify
ing the public in a peculiarly sugges
tive manner regarding his wisdom,
his ability and his steadiness of hand,
entirely apart from the pleasure that
it might give as a species of work of
art, so to speak.
The trouble is that the ingenious
doctor had reckoned without his host
--that is to say, without the husband.
The latter had no sooner learned of
the disrespectful use that had been
made of a part of the body whose
lord and master he had the happiness
of being than he took prompt legal
action, The surgeon was notified in
good and due form that he must not
only put a stop at once to the unseem
ly publicity of the exhibition, but
must restore the leg without delay to
its rightful owners. The practitioner
rejoined that the limb in disnute,
having become, thanks to him, a sim
ple anatomical exhibit, and bearing
the marks of his handiwork, was in
some sort a newly manufactured arti
cle, the fruit of his labor, of which he
hod the absolute right to dispose as he
saw fit, and that the husband who
had married a wife with two living
legs had no right to claim the owner
ship of a dead one.
Here the case rests, and all the Bel
gian legal, luminaries are fighting
over it.
,*J" In Millionalree' Names.
Is the homely little crooked letter
,,J" reaily a mascot, or is it only a
coincidence that it is to be found in
the given or Christian name of so
many millionaires? The recent death
of '"J." G. Fair has suggested the
following compilation of millionaires'
names which contain the luck-bestow
ing letter: J. D. Rockefeller, J. J.
Astor, Jay Gould, John M. Sears, J.
S. Morgan, J. P. Morgan, J. B. Hag
gin, J. W. Garrett. J. G. Fair, John
Wanamaker, J. W. Mackay, J. G.
Flood, J. V. Constable, John T. Mar
tin and John Arbuckle. None of the
above are rated at less than $10,000,
000, and several at from six to ten
times that sum.
M Imifllte.
Practical irrigation by the use of
windmills has been demonstrated in
several states, and the subject is be
ing discussed by scientists and bo~rds
of agrkiClture. The storeage of watei
when it is plentiful, to be used when
it is scarce, will solve the problem of
droughts, and permit the farmer to
control the moisture supply of his
plants. When the danger of drought
ceases to exist there will be more
fertilizers used and larger crops
grown.
A OGreat hair.
,,The biggest thing in fairs" may
now be seen in the great Russian
fair of Nijni Novgorod. Some idea of
the business transacted at it may be
formed when it is stated that the total
value of goods brought for sale last
year amounted to about twenty-four
miJjions stirling, nearly the whole of
which changed hands. The fair lasts
for six weeks,and has been held rego
arly for the last two centuries.
Fee the Vataer
Liverpool has been thoroughly
aroused by the effort of Manchester
to capture its trade by means of the
ship esanal. The former city will
build a great landing stage to deberk
passengers without the use of tenders,
and expects to thus sooommodate
steamersof the future 1,000 feet long,
making the voyage from Amoeries in
three and a half days.
Japoe Are Welome I Autreala.
Japanese laborers are beginning to
emigrate to Queensland in ?ortbera
Australia, where they mare provlg to
be good workers. The Australia
prejudice against the Chinese does
sot seem to apply to them, as they
and the Corea laborers are held to
be exempted from the poll tax levied
epon Cbinamea.
A New aslasd SeowfalL
One of the heaviest snowfalls in the
history of thls country was February
19 t~ 24. 1717, when the snow re
arluedve t sron t,- otn ,, epd
awas Now Eaglar1.
IN all receipts for cooking
requiring a leavening agent
the ROYAL BAKING
POWDER, because it is an
absolutely pure cream of tartar
powder and of 33 per cent.
greater leavening strength than
other powders, will give the
best results. It will make the
food lighter, sweeter, of finer
flavor and more wholesome.
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., 106 WALL ST., NEW-YORK.
Fell Ott:
The ocean travel full off to such an
extent last year that it may be doubt
ful whether some of the lines will not
be seriously affected in consequence.
The number of passengers of all
classes who arrived at New York was
280, 25. Taking a fair year for com
parison, we find that in 1'791 the fig
are was 550,313, which shows that a
loss of nearly 506 per cent took place
last year. Probably there was a bus
iness in the other direction to make
up for some of the loss., but, on the
other hand, it is common knowledge
that very low steerage fares have
been in order for some time.
George Peabody.
The effort of (;eorge Peabody to
provide better dwellings for the poor
of London has met with more success
than was thought possible in his day.
The fund he gave now amounts to
15,500,000. Twenty thousand per
sons live in 11,300 rooms that are
built according to his plans, and the
average rental of a room is 54 cents a
week. That Mr. Peabody had a sin
gularly practical mind is proved by
the result of all his benefactions.
Inereasing stowly.
The .*English Baptist Handbook"
for 1895 gives the present member
ship of the denomination in the United
Kingdom as 349,6A$, compared with
342,507 last year, being an increase
of 7181. The Metropolitan Taber
nacle is still by far the largest church,
with 6079 members. The number of
churches increased by 46, chapels by
16. the additional accommodation
provided being 21,979 sittings.
Another Monument.
A subscription is being raised in
Maryland to erect a monument on
Long Island to mark the place where
the -"Maryland Four Hundred." by
their bravery, saved the American
army under Washington at a critical
moment. The site has not yet been
determined, but it will probably be
somewhere near Prospect park,
in Brooklyn.
Quashed at Last.
Albert Frazier, who married receit
ly in Muncie, Ind., in celebrating the
event, gave cigars to a couple of boys
who are minors. The grand jury io
dicted Frazier for the act. Judge
Koons, however, quashed the Indict
ment after reading a letter from Rev.
G. A. Hill, who officiated at the wed
ding, and a petition from several
others citizens.
It is hard to tell which is the worst, un
belief or superstition.
Sow good service; sweet remembrances
will grow from them.
Ialg Leer, Driven Vertu
hte the cold and rain, had no Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters to counteract their effect
But the modern traveler in inclement weather
can ba e lts hurtful nfluence with this
genial protector. Chills and fever, rheuma
ssm, neuraltia. colds are forestalled by this
warming medicinal stimulant and safeguard.
Take a wlneglassful Immediately before and
after exposure. Use it. too, for dyspepsia,
bilousness and constipation.
Each succeeding day is the scholar of
that which went before it.
MALAtIA cured and eradicated from the
system by Brown's Iron Bitters, which
enriches the blood, tones the nerves, aids
digestion. Acts like a charm on persons
in general il 'health, giving mew energy
sad streagtL
Good is no good, but it it be spend; God
giveth good for no other end.
lese Reward eee.
The readers of this paper will be pleased
to learn that there is at least one dreaded
dsetat sciem e has ben able to eure
Sall its stage, and that is Catarrh. Hall's
Catarrh Cure is the only positive cure
known to the medical fraternity. Catarrh
-- a eoestitetional dismase, requires a
_ttioaal treatment. Halls Catarrb
is taken Internally, acting directly
upon the blood sad mucous surtaces of the
, hereby destroyin t foundation
~_r sthb bmen a giving the patlet
id astist h re in dolrits werk. The
,Zs ke so much faith in its ear
_lvI.ers, that they ofer One Hundred
Dollas fer ay ease that it falls to cre.
Seed for litst of tetimoniaols.
ddreee, F. J. CHENRY & CO.,Toledo, O.
We are as often dupaed by diidence as
by conideace
ww. saiý a
APONLY A
RUn
TO MAKI YOU
J LWELL ACAIN
W EUI U Uta, I u AP 66MM 455 *IATI6
No 'Passes.
The common council of lRochest-r,
N. Y., proposes to make an arrange
ment with the street railway com
pany by which it will carry for a
nominal sum all policemen and de
tectives. This is the outcome of the
constitutional amendment prohibit
ing the issuance of passes to publL,
officers.
"'aason's Maaio Corn Salve."
Warranted to cnae or manl'y refun'l . A.k ynti
druggist for t. Price 15 coot..
Search for truth is the nmb,,lo.-t cupla
tion of matn: its publication a duty.
Piso's Cure for ('onsumption Is an A
No. 1 Asthma medicine. -W'. It. WiLLIasS,
Antioch, Ills., April 11, lsl9t.
Fanaticism is the false fire of an aver
heated mind.
Blaows's Iron Bitters cures D~priplas,.
Malaria, Biliousness and General l'ehility.
Gives strength, aids Digestion, tones the
nerves-creates appetite. The test tonic
for Nursing Mothers, weak women and
childreo.
Man makes the conscience oftener thana
conscience makes the man.
If the DBaby Is Cutting Teeth.
Ite sure and use that old ad wettlltried rem"oy, VM.
WnsLOwe's soomlo01 8Tarr for Children Teething
There is no sense in lying to |eopL'
merely e:ocause you like them.
A Valuable Gift.
A complete medical work. with 100 favurtte Pre.
asriptlons for all diseases of man and beast, price
9.;5. and one bottle of Dr. Thurmona' ('atarrb
Care. or Blood Syrup, sent to any address for $1.S9
Address Thurmoad Chemical Co.. Dallas, Tex.
One thorn of experience is worth a hbole
wilderness of warning.
Call It a Craze.
AN ALARMING STATEMENT
CONCERNING WOMEN.
HOW BAD HABITS ARE FORMED.
The New Y'ork 7-ibwe says : " The habit of
taking 'headache powders' is increasing to an
alarming extent among a great number of wo.
men throughout the country. These powders as
their name indicates. are claimed by the manu
facturers to bea positive and speedy cure for any
form of headache. In many cases their chief
ngredient is morphine, opium, cocaine or some
ather qually injurious drug having a tendency
to deaden pain. The habit of taking them iet.
easily formed, but almost Impossible to shake
o- Women usually begin taking them to re
lieve a raging headache and soon resort to the
powder to allteiate any little pain or ache they
may be ubjected to, and finally like the mor.
lne oa opium fiend. et into the habit of taking
themt regularly, imagining that they are in pain
if they happen to miss their regular dose."
In nine cases out of ten, the trouble is
in the stomnach and liver. Take a simple
laxative and liver tonic and remove the
offending matter which deranges the
stomach and causes the headache. Dr.
Pierce's Pleasant Pellets are composed
entirely of the purest, concentrated,
vegetable extracts. One Pellet is a
dose; sugar-coated, easily swallowed;
osre used, always in fa~vor. They posi.
tively cure sick headache and remove
the disposition to it.
Mr. B. Vaaoasou, of Oler La.e, Lajerev Co.,
Mick.. writes: "I not
atre'quently have an at.
tack of the headache.
It usually comes on Is
the forenoon. At my
dinner I eat my regulsa
meal, and take one or
two of Doctor Pierce's
Pleasant Pellets inmme
diately after, and in the
course of an hour my
headache is cured and
so bed.effects. I feel
better every way for
having taken t em-
not worse, as is nsaln
after taking other kinds
of pills. Pleasant Pel.
lets' are worth more
than their weight In
gold. if for nothing else
L<, Veasoaro. iRA. than to cure headache."
Ey's Sm
(leamaee the asal
P¶aed, AIa Pala
Restores the Seaseset w
Taste sad 8mell.
Beal the bores.
m n00 In us.
a. .