Congressman Hudson's Bill.
)During the last session Congress
Twn:l Iludon introduced a pension
bill out of whvich the I)enioeracy
are Irying to m:kte political capital.
This bill was one of a niumber ini
triNluctld lby Populists to iicrease
the volimi of (nrlrenclly amnoii~ the
leoplle :rd to that xtent relieve
them of their present distress. The
bill pr'ovided that any penisioner
coull, under certain conditions,
surreinder his penlsio and receive
a.1 a ciolln ili itil, l the allounllt of
his pension tp ten years, and the
monely so paid was to be a new is
sue of l~gal tender. lNot a single
dollar was to be taxed fromt the
peoplle for t'.e paymenct. Let us
see how it works nonw and how it
wiiidl work undelr this bill. Now
the pensioner receives, say, 150d1
per year out of" monely raFisd b)y
t.axation li li the ,people. lie re
ceives this aniolinlt ainnally, no
matter iit he lives ten or forty years.
I'nder the ,ioperatiion of this bill he
wounld trecive I$1,50 in a lump stun
uandl no nlore, andti this amount
wonuld coene out of a new issue of
lOllney tha;t cost the governmeint
nothing. The people would in this
case he relieved flori taxation al(nd
the volume of money ini circulation
increasetd and times made better.
This is a coiciSP explanation of
the bill.-Ni;tional WVatchinan.
Goes Over to the Populists.
FourT ('OLLINs, ('ol., Oct, 17.
.ludge Jefleirson McNally, for many
sears one of the most intflnential
])enmocrats in Northern Colorado,
nhas resigned as a member of the
l)emocratic State Central (ommit
tee and joined the Populists.
lie says the l)emocratic party
has broken its promise to restore
silver to its rightful place in the
(c)inagH of thile country, and he can
no longer fiailow the leadership of
Cleveland.
MIoNTGOMERY. LA., Oct. 17, '94.
ED POPULIST:
We had a rouging club meeting
at New Salem, on the night of the
13th inst. We had a large attend
ance of both ladies and gentlemen.
We will have another on the fourth
Saturday evening in this month,
and all are invited to come, and we
expect a large attendance; the edi
tor of the Poritusr is invited to
give us a talk at that time.
Ward five is in good trimi, and
is on the march todown corruption
and fraud.
The battle cry is "fight till victo
ry is won."
Yours fraternally,
D. B. BOY ETT.
Send us yonr Job work.
- ess -
Lytle Safe & Lock Co.
FIRE nd BURGLAR PROOF SAFES.
OUAurAYEa to 3Z STANDARD
OIN WRY IATICU O.
OI.monUAT. 0.
Sl EAD! READ! READ!! i
Dom' fall to investigate befbre
* 745 make up your mimL DIl't
eraema without invemrtigation.
We keep on hand the following
T JIkee oe Mosey IsIland, e10cts.
bIebS Wsac e Consiracelen 10 "
-:. 5e Dgsaod the Pkeo, 80 ,,
-- CtDaa d toFeemt a, U" "
e A. m -ateU Peggas t, 2 "
5"
1aPaprt Platfoam, 25
LP-cL·i&
CflHRTER. "
S'T.TE OF LOUISIANA. I
BAIIISILOF NAT4'ITTOCHIES. . i
it it known and reirnmlIemrel. that on
thi" the 26th day of Septeniltr. 1K94,
Ilfore me Charles IH. Levs, a Notary
'l,lie in and foo the parish of Natchi
tlehes, duly commnis.ionel land qualitietd.
personally came and aliaretr the un
hler igied persons iwho in prese-nce ,of
the attenhling witnesses declared that
availing theim'.e, es of the PIroticion lIt
A.t No. :iti of the Legi-lature of this
St.te. all provel I Jtine 29th, IXM. Snitd
thos'e of the genertl law. of this Slate
relative to the organizatioin of I t'tp-a
tinll. they have formedl anld organlizedl
them-telves at nd those they represent into
t tCorporation for the objects and pur
pot.e herein set i rth, which they ac
cept as tlheir charter.
ARTI( 'LE 1.
The name an' stvle of this corppora
tion shall he the N AT. Vc IT(H)t'liiE
PUllLISIIN(G tOMPAN Y. LI 1ITEDI
and by that nanme it sh..,I have power
and authority to exit and enjoy ste
ces-i,,n for the period of ninety-nine
years, couienc'ing at this day anl date.
ARTI 'I.E II.
The domicile of this corporation shall
he, the city of Nat'hitoches. in the par
i'hl of Natc'hitolehes State of Louisiana.
. here all lega' prolee ls hall he served
upon the lph reisient of thi 'orloration.
or in hi.s anstnce, the secretary or bu-ii
ness m anager.
ARTIC. E Ill.
The purposes of this corporation is
to do general job printing, publish a
lie, spaper, and to do a general publish
ing business.
ARTII'LE IV.
'lhis ctrpration srhall have power andl
jrivilege., to-v it : I: -hall Ie capable in
Ia % to tiurchase and receive, hold and
njoy ,and.. hoitlses, and pri terty of any
tKind wthatever. It shall have the right
to sell said Lproperty . sue ind he lted.
plead and "le imn Itpc !e(l1: conturct and
he contracted with : t,) lnorrow money.
and for that pillurpose. to lumortgage aind
hyltothe'ate real -state, and to estab- I
lish by laws for tihe gov ernint of this
cort poration.
APTICLE V.
The capital stock of this eorporatio,
is herey fixed a-it Five Thousand Dol
lars. divided into Two Iundred share -
of Twenty-tive dollars each. with liler
tV to commlIence bltsines, when the stl
.siriblted sltoek reatches the stum of Five
Hundred Dollar- No stockholer shall
le hhlt liable or responsible for any of
the contracts of thiisicorporation, in an'
further sum than the unpaid balance due
held by him.
ARTICLE VI.
N., one person shall hold more than
twenLt shares of stock. and each share
shall be entitled to one vote.
ARTICLE VII.
At least fifty per cent of all suMbserh
ed stock shill te paid in 'ash and the
balance to Ie secured by personal note
of the share holder, payable twelve
months after daIte unless the necessi
ties of this corportion should require
earlier payment, and in no case can a
stockholder bn called upon to pay im
more than twenty-toh per cent of h;s
original stock at any one time, and on
ly then after twenty days notice, given
in some paper published in Natchito
ches parish, Louisiana.
ARTICLE VIII
All corporate powers of then corpora
tion shall be vested in and exercised by
a Board of five Directors, three tof whom
shall constitute a quorum for the trans
action of business. Sanul. J. Henry. Ma
rion F. Machen, William H. Ariaux.
William H. Latham ard Hardy L. Brian,
shall constitute the first board of dire,"
tors, who shall hold their offices until
the 26th day of September, 1895, and
until their successors in office are duly
elected. The board of dire-tors shall
be elected on the 26th day of September
in each year, by the stockholders who
may vote either in person or by proxy;
said board to be chosen from among the
stockholders, and to hold their office
until their successors are duly elected
by a majority of the votes cast : a va
cancy from any cause shall be filled by
the remaining directors from among
the stockholders. The board of direct
ors shall meet on the day of their elec
tion, or as soon thereafter as practical,
and elect of their number a president
and secretary, and employ from among
he stockholders an editor and general
business manager of the publishing bus
iness, and such other Employtes as may
be necessary, and ix their remunera
tion: they shall have power to alter or
amend all by-laws, rules and regula
tions requisite for the management of
the business of the corporation.
ARTyLE IX.
All profits of this corporation shall be
applied tfirst to the payment of opera
ting expenses, the remaining protits to
be declared a dividend to the stock
holders.
ARTICLE X.
This act of Incorporation may be
changed or amended, or sudh corpora
ton may be dissolved with the comsent
of three-fourths of the stock-holders
present at any general meeting of the
stockholders convened for such purpose
after thirty days notice In any paper
publibhed in tatchitoches parish.
ARTICLE XI.
Whenever this corporation may be
dissolved either by limitation of its
charter or otmherwisl Its affairs shall be
liquidated by thethree existing boird of
directors.
Thus done and signed by the parties
hereto, together with me, said Notary,
in the presence of attesting witnesses,
-n day and date above written.
8AM'L J. HENRY.
per E. J. Gamble.
M. F. MACHk2N.
W. H. AREAUX.
W. H. LATHAM.
H. L BRIAN.
FRANK GainA.
CHAS. H. LEVY,
Notary Public.
Having eza,,aaed th, - foreoaing char
rAtarney, 10th Jedleial Di.triot.
(1oting. on Its Ort t Special Traiis.
STH: WORLD'S ('RANI)ET NITY TOF (REAT EXHIBITIONS.
Howe & Cushini's
Stuljeiiidous Railroad SlSh(~o Ws
ASSOCIATED WITH ilE! I V.ILLENIDL(K'S 11.AltOt SLY, TII.INED) ANIMAL E IIBITION.
WVil L EXIIBIT AT
NATCHITOCHES, LA., TUESDAY, OCTOBER 30TH.
Pre-eminently Peerless,e he acknowledged leader in Tented Amusements.
Two ('onmpleft Circus Troupes. A Five Continent Arenic Assemiblv.
11 Nations Greatest Male & Female Celebrities,
OLO)SSAL MENAGERIE OF RARE WILD BEASTS AND O('ENS I)EEP SfPII'ISES
ASIA, EUROPE, AFRICA AND AMEIIIcA IN (o-)rrliImT N.
Grand Parisian Hippodrome--Entirely New and O()iginal Feats.
The Most Magnificent Ilippodromle-The best Circus Feats-The (;rand
est Exhilitional Features--The most Wonderful and Amazing Ani
nal lPerformances-The Greatest Wonders--The most Con
plete Wild Beast Shows-The Everywhere Conceded Best
Shows on Earth.
Monster Museum of Marvelous, Curious Creation, Animated and Inanimated Wonders.
The most Travelled, the most Famous and Uniqtue Exhibitions Ever
Conceived. A Wonderland Sulmptuous Carnival. A Rare. Rich and
Instructive Entlertainment .Unparalled, preser\tin, Innu meralde Special
Features never before Exhibited in America. To see either of which
would be worth a dozen Admission Fees.
Grand Free Ballon Ascension and Parachute Leap Daily.
Make up your parties and consult your Station Agent for Ex
cursion Rates on Howe & Cushing's day.
See the tree Spectacular Street Pagearnt.
One Ticket, for the usual price, admnits to the
GREAT COMBINED SHOWS.
Two Grand Exhibitions and Performances I)aily. Rain or
Shine. Doors open at i and 7 p. mn.
ELKHART OARRIAGE and HARNESS MFG. 00.
y ave d feesarese for $1 year.
$11.00 l Vehiles nd lsne thie way--shie $7
pinth u gonvl a eOami . before any monel f. .e,
sa . We pry fbt to s not 0aotls01
go. 37 Srr t oy. m7etafor $ea.Ys0 t43 0 Top ts
ode., fofOt*oryou? Wr t&oroaorder.
to $10O0. Frra Wag olonotoe/
DozMilk free. e tae llol me
pr W on, to 0. d . M..a , " oe.
$43.50 a" flha. as. sI forNL P tons.S
.i.Srey ar. - as s -el l f Nto o t.u
Sto SO. P Wo. o, nr , Wa onetts.
Milrat Wrom n se mu Wate, nd e oer o pe
ROIDNISH 6 CDO. ad ~Ea B Nm.
a t rsUd mtehrnsJpfl arhebumnta
It is said that there are 346
Democratic camdidates for Con
gress and that they are running on
346 diferent political platforms.
Did you ever see such confusion 1
On Tuesday, Oct. 80th, the great Howe
* Cashing show will give two grand ex
bibitions.
A Fair Proposition.
We will give one year's subscrip
tion to the LouisuNA POPULIST
to any person who will give us a
logical, reasonable reason why a
man who admits that the princi
ples of the People's party are right,
should vote the ticket of either of
the old parties. This proposition
is open to all.
STHE
Louisiana Populist,
PLB3LISi I[I) I \I \ I IRI[ )\AVY.
F Nalchiloches, Louisiana.
ONE DOLLAR I YEA. R IN AID ANCE. N
The leading Populist paper of North Louisiana. Devoted to the edu
cation of the masses upon the reform issues of the D)ay.
+f4Q4fHtttlitt~f'(tnt~ ýt+4miNtt
, ADVERTISING RATES ON APPUCATION AT 0Flt';.,
It has a large circulation, and Advertisers will get large returns through
their Advertisement in the Popwulist.
-----o----
M. P. iM'ACllEN. Editor.
11. L. BRIAN. Associate Editor.
Published by the Natchitoches Publishing Co..
LIMITED.
It will give the leading local and general news items.
--0-
The Populist Job Office is preplared to do all kinds ot Job Prinltiug,
in the neatest style, at St. Louis prices. Will print
Circulars,
Programmes,
Bill Heads,
Letter Heads,
Envelopes, Posters,
Dodgers, Note Heads,
Cards, Funeral Notices.
Give us your work, and we guarantee satisfaction in Style, price andi
promptness of delivery.
------o:o----
The Populist is designed to spread among the people a knowledgo of
their political and social rights; an excellent advertising medium as it
circulates largely among all classes.
Be sure to subscribe for it. Be sure to advertise in it. There is no
harm in getting both aides of all questions. Therefore hear our side by
sending us a D)ollar for the Populist one year.
Then send as your JOB PRINTING, try our styles and prices. We
believe we can please you; let us try and then you will know what
we can do.