LOUISIANA POPULIST.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $1.00 A YEAR. There is No Free Country, Unless the People Rule. PRICE, 5 CENTS.
VO(I I. NATCHITOCHES, LOUISIANA, FRIDAY, AU(GST 16, 1895. NO. 52.
DEMOCRACY IS GONE.
DIVIDED BEYOND ALL HOPE OF
UNITED ACTION.
Thse t]arty Is Split Wiide Open Like a
Root-Jack, and Not Evin Milton's
I'aetoon Bridlge Over Chaos Could Span
%he (ha..m" Hetween Them.
The Democratic party is split wide
open like a book-jack, and not even
Milton's pontoon over Chaos could
bridge the chasmu. It has long teen
composed of many discordant ele
ments held together with a rope of
sand, and is now in the throes of dis
ruption. While out of power it
was possible for the free-traders and
* Sam Randall Democrats," the bi
metallists and gold-buggers to mole
in solid phalanx upon the fleshpots:
but when victory perched upon the
party banner the various factions
began to fight for supremacy
and disintegration followed as a mat
ter of course. The Chicago platfqrmn
was designedly framed to catch votes
of all the 'outs." Victory was the
chief desideratum, principle but a
secondary consideration. The good
of the party, not the good of the
country, was the dominating idea of
the committee on resolutions. As a
-'cowardly makeshift" the Sherman
silver law was not a circumstance to
the national Democratic platform
which condemned it. It was
a flagrant example of the
pot animadverting on the com
plexion of the kettle -of the
devil rebuking sin. The tariff and
the currency were the only important
issues before the people, and the
tariff and the currency planks of the
Chicago platform are simply sibylline
oracles which the party leaders inter
preted to suit the temper of the peo
ple of the different states. Every man
of average intelligence knows this to
be true. The party stooped to con
quer. and it stooped so low that its
nlose stuck fast in the mire of double
dealing and the wind of public opin
ion soon began taking liberties
with the narrative of its neth
er garment. Those too intelli
gent to be deceived and
too honorable to connive at political
trickery were branded as '*traitors"
if they dared to file a protest, and
the party went up like a rocket-then
exploded, filling the heavens with the
smell of sulphur. The Democracy
took change of the government, ptos
perity was slain in the war of factions
and soon the party planted by Jeffer
son and watered by Madison became
i byword and a reproach. What is
left of this once glorious political
brotherhood is now divided into two
,belligerent eamps, each striving des
perately to exterminate the other.
Let 'em fight. Whatever the result,
Democracy will thenceforth signify
something-something more than an
pmalum-gatherum of political odds
and ends, hoodooed and humbugged
by a handful of plotting politicilia
whose only god is greed. Meantime
t professional peacemaker Il abroad
in the land, beseehlang the brethren
to '.tie all their differences laside
the party." He's the charmer whose
ciroa song was heard at Chicago sad,
D t)elus eavetioms pleading for harb
aoey--lor the sake of pie. He t
. Was that .oelad the stupid free
- siGver ox a the log-ared gold bog
,It to the Cleveland oar of jugger9
st that has erushed commerce and
ladWustry. He it was that
" a " IA and gunapowder in
ark of the oovenant
hi tsels tears over the
4-ggag He te itt that tn agata ely
,: •- 'ba, e, pnat;" set there is no
• " ke 3 svg6 is already on.
SD aometAe have learned
*vos potleoaI~ honesa
the awi olloy. They
s ated leasoe-. Thg are
-' t **e ka hr the
Inae le t
age its lIb lc, and t
o esusty la b.
a **s * tc .
C'r 1. r ý
Lc ,cz -----,
5" '
(,
~~r~i
9
CROVER--kIm Wall Street's dog; whose dgiE are you?'
... ... .. . .. . . .. ... . ..... ..
PREPARE FOR ACTION!
ELOQUENT VOICE FROM PACIFIC
SLOPE.
lamcat Dames Polobe Out the Dantber
Which Threate Vs-A Patriotle Ap
peal to the People to Joln the Ia
uastrial Legi.
Gen. Paul Van Dervoort, Com.-in
Chief, Omaha, Neb.:
My Dear Sir:-Your letter asking
my opinion and advice as to future
operations is received. I agree in the
main with your views and have not
changed an iota the advice I gave last
year. The Union is on the verge of a
black precipice, which any month may
widen and deepen to the extent of pre
cipitating therein the liberties, the
lives, the happinees of all our people.
Paramount as is the issue of free coin
age as a policy to bring back prosperity,
employment, the reopening of our de
serted workshops, and a general resus
citation of all our vast mechanical,
agricultural and commercial interests
--1ll that is bufa more cipher in oom
parleos with the other terrible dangers
and calamities, which overhang the
people of this unhappy country. I do
hot speak as an alarmist, m the
experience of a long life, hich I
have seen and preclalmed y speech
and by writing during the past twenty
years, the steady, stesathy, insidious
creep of the combined power of monop
*el, plutocracy, and party machinery
toward the aeeemplishment of the de
struetion of this republic, and the erec
tion I.M s stea# of an oligarchy and
afterwards as absolute despotism.
This is a Maoe to spea eat plainly;
and to alga that the gaml of divid
Ig the people Into factons, in order
t* amer easily to acomplish their
and subjugation, should be
braht' gre.eIently before the pub
Me gase Better far bad it been, in
view of what now overhangs and
threats.. us, that the fathers had sub
mitted to the njunstiee o "taxation
with treeuesetatloe" ah so have re
mained the greatest at the IBglish eol
aes trasl aatjustle wmeal came
bei a gent etles n time-than to
eestre bafeW the evI sure to be
eea s upes usm. it a stern, true,
ms- g -r deem nent naw
t the S--Al Ther haA teraW
with peqheps Titia the events which
tmmd" vast peoulsas sat the greed
e sahases of assM wemid bring
was uarn -mmbaLs And they
aebsrew It a.the masr wartnass
bIA th bemeahted to thir peter-.
Igy-crgrgg that*'cmMasal is
mthe aE oM tr tat prslt
M oe a sairty raeem
ste u Ja.rsta
yhwr eº sMc tblt vl dtm paon,
S y -sseaks. of
i a the ues. days
safety of the Union, whenever the am
bitious leider shall give the signal that
the time has come to form their strong
government, with its immense stand
ing army, and the subversion of the
republic. The federal government is
not the thing which our forefathers
created. Its encroachments have been
startling and unceasing. To-day the
stride has been with thousand league
boots; and following close upon the
intrusion by Judge Goff into the inter
nal affairs of a state to enjoin the reg
istration of its voters preliminary to
the election and holding of a conven
tion to amend its constitution, under
legal steps taken by its legislature,
duly and fairly elected by the people,
we have the startling promulgation
(not at all unknown to me for I have
declared its fruition for some years
past), that there were nine oligarchs in
this Union, who dominate and control
every inch of the territory of all the
states; and that their edicts are su
preme, over and above the oppressed
will of the people through their repre
sentatives in congress assembled. And
that not only must these absolute or
ders be obeyed, but that they have a
worthy co-adjator in the executive, to
supplement their deputy marshals,
(Hessians who can be hired from the
dregs and outcasts of the population),
to carry out the edicts of their masters
-and the whole army, navy and power
of the federal government shall be set
in motion to enforce their decrees. And
beyond and unprecedented is the as
sertion that this executive can embody
all the militia at all the states in the
U. 8. Army and send them under mil
itary despotism into any and all the
states to enforce the commands of the
federal commander-in-chief. In three
ashort paragraphs the states are. cblit
erated and blotted out, without use for
legislatures or governors-nay scarcely
to have representation in senate or
house, when military satraps can more
easily obey and enforce the instruc
tions, directly aommunlcated from the
White House. The steps taken by
Cleveland last year in throwing the
whole military force of the army and
navy to the assistance of corporations,
and against the masses of citizens, ex
ereislng the rights they believed had
been guaranteed by the constitution,
was attentive, under the prevalling
exietement to experiment with the doc
trine now laid down by the Supreme
eoart, and to see how far the le
luld permit it, without taking arm;
just as the tentative has been made
under the Goff Injunction, to see
whether the people had been lulled to
sleep and supinnem. Under that pro
nuaelamesto of the f ral judiciary,
with all its sbordinafe too willing
to resort to ueurpatioas and attack up
ea the poorer and werker elasses, it is
pertetly feasible sr the present exec
ative to pervert law by open vlolltens
at the eoastitatisa, and in Spanish
Amerlen style to earry the elections
as he pleases. The late force bill was
haralses and laseenae in aomparison
wfththe gre bil detlared by the fed
el eart to be isa euite In the
debates I the esam attle preaag ear
empitttest t wasf dlisued why"
the mallts was en stod It was o*
Dsttrlh -deanred tha thelbs eatlasn
thi ete. tohe eeral
It slr I d f the ep
W 145w eW Aftaueer Nm dtem
  4-~ am w . m -
and the federalists under his lead, with
precisely the same corciusions that
the federal court has declared to-day
that all the militia should be under
the order of the United States execu
tive-and that was defeated by a large
majority. Jefferson saw more clearly
as time rolled on what would be the
perversions by the federal judiciary;
and he wrote several letters, teaching
that the destruction of the Union would
come from that body. Go on therefore,
I say, in your noble work and patriotic
efforts to enroll a body of stalwart,
brave, unswerving men, who may be
ready when treason and violence is rife
to put in execution their plans-to rise
up everywhere and say to the conspira
tors, "Your plans are abortive, unless
you can destroy us, fighting for liberty
and the support of the constitution."
And one of the first things you should
do is to proclaim everywhere to the
honest unbought militia-"resign from
the body, which you are notified can
and will be used by any ambitious man
and traitor, to send you into collision
with your brothers, against whom you
have nolll will; no desire to conquer or
subjugate." Let the Hessians be em
ployed by their masters to form the
militia. The governors of the states
need not arm or equip them, or call
them into service. The governors will
know where to find thousands, ready
to stand up in defense of the right
whenever they are needed. Let the
Hessians when the executive calls for
them and arms and equips them, stand
upon the same footing as the Pinker
tons-mercenary Dugald Dalgetys, for
pay ready to assassinate any citizens,
under any employment, no matter how
much in derogation of real law under
the charge of the civil authorities.
There may come a time, when the
words of Tom Corwin shall re-echo
with thunderous tones from the Atlan
tic to the Pacific; from the lakes to the
gulf, as to these tories and traitors,
"Welcome them with hospitable hands
to bloody graves." With my intimate
associations with that great man I
know he would be the first, if permitted
to visit earth, to shout that expression
with stentorian voice. Let us put our
protest against partisanship; the grat
ification of ambition by the use of the
Populist party to obtain ofices by men,
who cannot appreciate the dreadful
condition of the country, and the ca
lamitles which may come from greed,
ambition, intent to retain power on
the one side-and the black and frown
ing ogre of want,, despair, destitution
which stands right at our portals,
ready- to meet further aggression and
oppression with the fury of maniacs,
which if successful would equally end
In the destruction of liberty, civillsa
tion, progress.
I will answer at another time your
polats as to practical action. It is clear
that, however great the necessity of
tree coinage-a wise policy-no party
or combination could be formed oa one
single idea, the success of which would
dislntegrate the elements like a 'rope
of sand, Embodied In any work for
permanent good would be required the
great laues of takIng away tree our
meat bitter eamies any power of emit
tng atleaal bank notes, leaving ex.
oelsaltey to the government the money
tneatleas: to strike at monopoly: to
eoatrel the cerporations and me that
eongress shall no more grant Lfar
chiese, nor permit federal courts to
bave any julesdctles, leaving all that
to the sate: sad also rerganiaing the
federal judiciary; to amend and guard
naturalization laws, to shut out the an
archists, and to send back paupers who
flock in to take the places of American
workmen and starve their families; to I
bring back for the use of future gener
ations the vast territories now he!d t
by corporations and foreigners; these
snould be our efforts and to meet more
than half way all who would combinu
with us irrespective of past party affili
ations. The man who will oppose such
a desired end is an enemy of this coun
try. He should not be permitted to
consort with our people, but be driven
over to his rightful associates, the
Cleveland-Sherman conspirators.
Russia makes a commission of $S00.- I
000 for negotiating (hina's $80,000,U000
loan in France; but that is only about I
one-twelfth the commission the Bel- t
mont-Morgan syndicate got for nego- I
titiating the $62,000,000 of the United
States from Rothschilds. The commis
sion in this instance was over $9,000,
000, or about 15 per cent of the loan.
We have the numbers, we can by
wise concessions and harmony wield
into one great body sufficient to destroy t
the treasonable combination now .
hatching, and so save the Union. If 6
divisions are fomented, if each faction
claims to be infallible and will yield I
nothing to patriotism, then truly the
conflict is near at hand and our re
public will go down in blood and ruin.
Divided, we fall an easy prey to the
despots. United for a common end,
with true Jeffersonian principles (the
foundation of the Populist doctrine) we
could march on to assured triumph.
The silver question as an exciting issue,
can be used as the alloy to weld all ele
ments into a proper strength. We
have the numbers to carry every sate
west of the Mississippi, every southern
state, leaving out Delaware, Maryland
and West Virginia, as suburbs of New
York and under the control of the real
masters in Wall street. With determina
tion and untiring work we could wrest
from the grasp of Moloch. Michigan.
Ohio, Indiana, Illinois. All the other
middle and New England states could
be conceded to the golden idol.
It is a grand and ennobling enter
prise, to devote ourselves unselfishly
to the redemption of a vast nation, so
greatly in peril. Call upon all the Pop
ulists through your many channels to
gird on their armor and stand up as
one man for the right. Go on in bring
ing into the organization countless
thousands-relax nothing in energy
perfect the machinery and make it
stronger each day, that at the appointed
time our batalions will march toward
the same concerted fields, to which our
patriotic allies may also converge.
True men will not ask us to abate one
jot the full force and effect of our or
ganization. We will preserve it intact,
and when action comes we will not be
partisans but act as undivided Ameri
can patriots, banded together as were
our forefahters during the revolution.
Yours truly,
BLANTON DUNCAN.
June 12, 1895.
CURRENT COMMENT.
If our English cousins have any con
ception of the ridiculous they must be
laughing in their sleeves while we cel
ebrate the day of our national inde
pendence and at the same time are
begging Great Britain for permission
to coin our own silver and regulate our
financial system.
When gold-bugs point to Mexico as
an example of a free silver country to
be shunned, they prove too much.
They state that it requires two of
Mexico's dollars to buy as much as one
of ours. This is just what we want
them to admit. The farmer who sells
wheat in Mexico gets as much again
for it as the farmer who lives over in
Texas. He can therefore pay as much
again taxes or debts with the proceeds
trom a bushel of wheat, as can the
American farmer. Our dollars are too
dear. What we need is a eneaper dol
lar and free coinage will give it to us,
therefore let us have free coinage.
When the plutocratic papers run out
of argument they indulge in epithets.
Here is a sample:
"Peffer is a fool, Stewart a knave
and Tillman the material out of which
anarchists are made," says the Courier
Journal. The characterization is v~io
lent, but it is all right. The fools,
knaves and anarchists are trampled in
the dust on every side. These are glor
ious days for the cause of business
honesty and financial sense.--Globe
Democrat
The Courter-Journal is a Democratic
paper and the Globe-Democrat is Re
publican. They both agree that the
tari question is settled, and are on the
same side of the financial question.
They alsro ee in calling everybody
names that doesn't agree with them.
IFhey both do their part toward keep
Ilag the people blinded by appealing to
their prejudices, and seek to cover p
the bshortcomings of their respect/T
partles. They are both the paid tools
of plutocracy.
The free slIver Republicans didn't
raise much ot a ratket at the meeting
el the Natienal Republican leaguse.
RMepadiatis is more henorable thag
I mtimmm
A Slave From Boyhood.
jFrn the R,"d Wing. lMinrn ,Iep, t ta.i
"I am now twenty-fouir years o.,! -air
Edward Swanson, of White ]Rock, .loodhne
county. Minn., to a Itepulki,.an r' Ir-entaº
tive. and as you can see I amn hi! s irV
large tature. Wheni I wasi elI :cl ears
tiol I ibea"nte attlicted with a -i'knýsi I hlb
attleHd the skill and knowle, l.., n the lihv
slijan. I was not taken suldden y ill. tsit
on the rolitrary 1 can hardly stat; t he eii, t
time when it tie. nn. 'lhe first SI tmtii si
were pains in Ivy a'k anll ro,it 1Is ll: iL
Ihe disea-e did not trul,!e tot lnol,' at
first, but it 'ee:nei to have settll, in ily
body to stau aind mIy titter iex'l..tn ,'io hlir
ing the last thirteen ?ears Iprote I that to
be the ea-e I sa of c, ur-e a chi't alnd
never dreamed of the snlterlin in I'Sre
for me. I comiplainel to inv pur,'-" andi
they cont.lude.l that inl time Is )1 out
grow I}my tro, tile, bult when 1twy.v near ti me
groaning dur.Lng s tc,'l) thev ,n aion
thoroughly alarnme 1. 1ieihal aic'i,' was
sought. but to no avail, I grew r::,idllv
worse aniId ~ as sooin uncl, o to ,Iivi alitllt
and finaliy I. tenmle ,onltined contially to
my bed. Tie tns't dortir that couhl tie
had were consulteI, but did nithilg for
me. I tried various kin,ls of extensively
advertised patent ntedicines isth ibut lhe
same result.
"For twelve long years I was thus a stif
ferer in constant agony withlot ro-slte,
atscesses formed on my ,44d1v ill raiauil
succession and the world indeeld looked
very dark to me ALout this tlimle \' hen
all hope was gone and nothing sCeemtsl
left but to resign myself to my most bitter
fate my attention was callel to Dr. Wit
liams' P'ink Pills for I'alg Peoplle. Li,.e a
drowning man gra-ping at a straw, in
sheer desperation I ,.oueluded to make ione
more attempt-not to regain imy health
ii dare not to hope so mui'h) but it possillq
to ease my pain.
"1 bought a box of the pills and they
seemend to do me good. I felt ent"'uragedl
and continued their use. After taking six
Loxes I was up and ablie to walk around
the house. 1 have not felt bo i cIt fr
thirteen years as durilng the Iast year.
Only one year have I takel IOr. Willllamlls'
Pink Pills and I am able now to do chores
and attend to light dutie-.
"Do 1 hesitate to let youi puull!ish what I
have saidt No. \Wh-y should 1! It is
the truth and I amn only too g!aid to let
other sufferers know nmy exI Priene . It
nmay help those whose cup of ili.-ery is as
:ull to-day as mine was in the pat
Dr. Williams' lPink l'ills contain, in a
condensed form, all the elements nti.e-is
sary to give new life and richness ti t the
blood andi restore shattered nerves. They
build up the blood, and restore the glow
of health to pale and sallow cheeks. Pink .l
Pills are sold in boxes nover in looi bqlk)
at rto (cents a box or six boxes fo $.f50,
and may be had of all druggist, or 'direct
by mail from Dr. Williams' Medicine Lom
pany, Schenectady. N. Y.
A Qeer Postal Dictionary.
Recently a postal diotlonkry, about
the size of Webster's Unabridged, has
been published, in the French lan
guage, by the International Postal
union. It contains the names of all
the postoflices in the world, 20:3,200.
Everything from As, an office in Nor
way, to Zywice. in Austria, is given;
even our own little Uz, in Texas, is
there. In names of offices and places
this book furnishes several amusing
incidents. For instance, Tombstone
is given as in ,"Territoire du Arezo
nie;" Las Vegas, "'Territoire du Nou
veau-Mexique;" West Virginia is
,"Virginie Occidentale:" South Dako
ta Is "Dakota du Sud." and North
D)akota is '-Dakota du Nord," and the
District of Columbia is '"District de
Colomble. Etats-Unis d'Amerique."
Here can be found oftices of Hell-fer
Sarten, Yuba-I)am, plain, everyaay
Hell, in Norway; Kissme, in Montana;
Who, in Texas; Hells-Half Acre, in
Dakota; Breckinridge, in several
places, but Trilby is not in it.
A Grueeome story.
A gruesome story is told about the
church of St. Raphael, Paris. where
the marriage between Helen de
France and the duke of Aosta was cel
ebrated not long ago. The church
was built with moneys of a converted
Jew named Raphael. Just after the
building was completed, Raphael had
a dream that he would die within a
week after the consecration of the
place of worship. As a mattcr of
course he endeavored to delay the con.
ecration by fair and unfair means un
til a priest with the help of a licensed
victualer from the neighborhood, who
procured a bottle of pure wine and
consecrated the edifice. Then he
told Raphael, who took to his bed and
died three days afterward.
A lurlal Ceustom.
A curious burial custom exists in
Assam. All corpses are lowered from
the roots with ropes, it being con
trary to the laws of the country to
cawry a dead body through a door.
Are Protesttng.
The Chicago barbers are protesting
vigorously against petticoat intrusion
into their line of business. The
women barbers are getting all the
trade.
A Good Invention.
A German has invented a chemical
torch which ignites when wet. It is
to be used on life buoys. When one
is thrown to a qn overboard at night
he oar see the light and thus lind the
buoy.
Whmale Drammer.
A woman drummer for a St. Louis
vinegar factory is touring the north
west on a bicycle, and in stunnilg
Parisian bloomers. She sends postal
cards ahead of her to the grocers,
sad oatehee them every one.