I the midst of the volcanoes of
Mexico is the ,.Lake of Ink." which
covers about an acre of ground. The
body of the water, or ink, or what
ever it is, is wt covered with ashes
from the adjacent volcanoes as to ap
pear as a part of the surrounding
ground, which is all of the gray tint.
Where this liquid comes (rom. what
its chemical properties may be. where
or what the supply are matters of
conjecture.
Of the Right Samip.
A prominent official of Philadelphia
has a son who is a wonder in the mat
ter of sticktoitiveness. Tiie young
man some years ago took up the fad
of stamp collecting. As a result, he
has papered his room with stamps of
nearly every nation. There is not a
spot on the wall or ceiling that is not
covered with a stamp, and all are
placed in perfect order, so as to pre
sent the appearance of a remarkably
unique pattern of paper. A close es
timate places the number of these
stamps at 82,000. The center of the
ceiling is covered by Cclumbian
stamps, and the other parts of the
ceiling are blocked out artistically.
Some day, when the youth is mad be
cause be cannot sell his collection, he
will stamp his feet.
Chivalry va. Respect.
The days of chivalry were not really
days of profound respect for women.
Young women were kept locked up in
a convent until they were married,
and locked up in their husband's
castles the rest of their lives, with
severe duennas to watch every move
ment.
Life is too short to be spent in nursing
animosity or registering 'wrongs.
Don't Drag Your Feet.
Many men do because the nerve centers,
weakened by the long-continued u- e of tot'a o,
become so alected that they are weak, tired,
lifeless, listless, etc. All this can easily be
overcome If the tobacco user wants to quit and
gain manhood, nerve tower, and enjoy vigor
ously the good things of life. Take No-To-Bae.
(uaranteetl to cure or money refur,ded by
Dr Ieverywhere Boo free. Addressthe
eter iemedy Co.,New York City or Chicag.
Largest Woodenware Works.
The largest woodenware works in
the world are located in Bay City,
Mich. The present output every ten
hours, Is 1800 tubs and 8500 pails.
You will discover what a number of
things you can do without when you have
no money to get them.
We may outrun that which we run at
and lose by overrunning.
"Zaason's aglte Corn salve."
Warmaned to care or money retasded. Ask yep
dorgs for IL Price is coats.
He conquers, who awaits the end, and
dares to suffer and be strong.
Nethers appreciate the good work
ethPker's Ginger Toele, with Its reviving qualities
-askes tothepana-strilken,aieepless and nervoua I
Better poison in one's blood than poison
In one's principles.
When you eame to realize
sa year eors are soe,. and so more pai., bow
gpaetal yeuael. All the workof Hlidereorns. lie
It is more fatal to neglect the heart than
the ead.
Impure Blood
Msatfest Itself in hives, ptmples, boils
sad other eruptions which disfigure the
fees and eanse pain and annoyance. By
purifylag the blood flood's Sarsaparilla
eompltely cares these troubles and clears
the skia. Hood's Sarsaperilla overcomes
that tired, drowsy feeling so general at t
S bi ms mson ad gives strength and vigo s
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is the only tree blood purifier prominently e
la the public eye today. $1; six for $5.
Hood's Pills ie UsA .'"ý"
0ILLINS ASUE
SURE.
Tee o faour does o01 this rand
old remedy whemb your stomach ot
boweas tre out of order and ya
hdl badly all over will eleanse
year system in a most wonderful C
meaner and make you 1el lke a
new pero.
I 'll droagistra elK it
( GOLD 1S NOT MONEY.
he
t- RIGHT OF THE GOVERNMENT
es TO CREATE MONEY.
ng
t. "No Sane )Man, Reasonably Intelligent,
at Questions the Right of Government to
Create Money of Any ind, eForm,
Shape, Substamce or MaterIal."
i's ro sane man, who is reasonably in
s.. telligent, questions the right of any
ag government, that is not linked to
ad some overpowering government, to
he create money of any kind, form,
of shape, substance or material. This
s is one of the things governments are
ot for. In creating money for the pay
re ment debts, money is brought forth
"e_ and paid into circulation and thus
ly started on its mission of usefulness,
s. as goes a man on a farm as he makes
se his rounds.
he None but the governmentof a coun
an try has the right to create money,
he which right for thousands of years
ly. has been conceded to be inherent in
,,. the breast of the sovereign. Where
he the people are sovereigns, as in our
North American Republic, this right
rest with the government which is
created by the people, with the right
ly to create money and laws that will
n. help to protect and advance the in
in terests of all the people, or they are
d, not good laws.
l's All over the country are men who
th count on having to flee from this land
e- at some time in the future, to escape
punishment or the voice of reproach
ng here at home. These persons ask:
".What will we do when we go into
another country and there want
money? '"
r~ To this we reply: ",Do as do the
°, people of other countries. There ob
e tain the creation of that country's
' law, there known and used as current
m money, and there as legal tender as
Sbest you can, just as the people of
l his country do, but do not in your go
ing take with you the money of this
in country. Take gold, silver, corn,
cotton, fruit, labor or other things
' for which you can find a market
there, but leave the legal tender
money. the greatest of all tools of
of trade, here at home, as when you
1 leave a farm, mine, mill, or other
place where you work you
at leave the tools behind you."
The other night we heard a banker
say to his friends that as a banker he
issued hundreds of thousands of dol
lars of money.
Id In this he was mistaken.
lie had created and disposed of
hundreds of thousands of dollars of
notes promising money in payment at
,a some time in the future, but he never
created a dollar of legal tender for
debt and therefore he never created
or issued a dollar of money. He con
ceded as much when gently pushed
, into a corner.
Then he said that the government
1 had no right to create money of any
- kind. That all money should be cre
ated by banks. When he was told
I that this would make the banks to be
greater than the government and able
to control the government, as they
i tried to do when the great war was
young, he switched off and said that
the constitution of the United States
did not permit the government to
create money, but to coin money;
a that all its money must be gold or
. silver, and could not possibly be of
paper, as paper could not be coined.
I Then we asked him why the gov
ernment created coin money, copper
and money of nickel, giving to each
coin designated position and power as
legal tender. He said that this kind
of money was created merely as a
convienience, and that in reality the
government had no right to create
such money that had no value except
as money.
We then asked him why the neces
sity for designating coins for a cer
tain work if they could not or would
not be made to do it without the gov- I
ernment stamp thereon. He said it
was because of the necessity to have I
certain conlos with which to pay small i
debts.
We asked him if the principle was 5
not the same and as necessarily ap- C
plicable in cases of larger debts as
small ones. He said the principal 1
was the same, but the principal I
should be departed from in order to
eacourige men to go into the buank
ing business and to furnish a oircu
latlng medium, which, he said, should
not be legal tender when the people o
could get along without it, if they d
would only have confidence in the i
notes issued by beakers.
We then asked him why the people a
should not have as much confidence
ie notes issued by men who are not a
bankers? - *
He sid they were not bankers, and f
that all issue of money should be left a
to the beakers. c
He said the government had no
right to lsue paper money, except,
perhap, In time o war. In a case of
life ad death.
We told him that a goyermment
. bed .o more power in tis of war
than in taset pesae; that it aoeld
sot do saeything one day which i It
cold not do the sext day, sad cited
Shim to the decision of the supreme b
F coert of the United Satesn as deleed
Slai 1885. For full deaies of the P
hbighes tribseal in the lnd. next to e
the ballot, n volamane LXX. 110, U. P
I S pege 421. and there red m '
Cogrsm Is mbethlaed to stab- P
M * a)allas esIu Cney either in
min es p eap., sai sto mske that
enrewp leful moey for all pt- h
, m oet ae 1.t aIs." h
.C o tis thlateas. N
Nwe lesb b ae whish the a
grbeebt mt bsas qr b I. Ia
' 1SI5* skgtaggeep wb we It
tMe end shlll
~sl idt bi hs
Gaspin tt es ne tus hes I a
Y ernment had any authority over
banks or the legal tender volume of
the country. In l~i;4 we saw where
NT we had been misinformed by our ear
ly teachers. and where we stood in
opposition to the government and the
constitutional rights of the people
°t* and their government to create and
to to put into circulation a volume of
rm, paper money that would be equal to
the wants of the people in the carry
ing on of enterprises and paying their
debts with money rather than by salf
in- of property all the time at the merec
ny of the buyer.
to Therefore do not call these intelli
to gent greenback men fools or cranks
m when they seek and find their bed
his rock of principle in the decision of
are the supreme court of the United
- States, to which the matter was re.
rth ferred, and which in its deci-iorn
u, above noted decided that any debt
', made by the government can be paid
Ces in either coin money or paper money,
both of which the government can
in- properly create, the less expensive to
the government being the most profit
srs able to it.-New York Advance
in Thought.
sre
u Some Deioltlions.
ht The following entertaining "*cor
is poration catechism," by F. E. E., ap
ht peared in Kate Field's '.Washington."
ill The writer would seem to have gath
in- ered experience from contact with
Ire corporations.
Question-What is a corporation?
ho Answer--An association founded
od for the purpose of issuing stock. which
pe the first holders get for nothing and
ch the second holders pay a premium
for.
ito Q.-What is a charter member?
nt A.-A person let into a corporation
on the ground floor, while the dear
he public has to climb a ladder and get
)b- in at the second-story windows.
F's Q.-What is common stock?
nt A.--That kind that is laying c
as around lose when the coporation
of starts business.
,o- Q.-What is preferred stock?
us A.--That kind everybody prefers to
rn, have after the charter members have c
gs unloaded their common stock. I
tot Q.-What are dividends? t
ler A.-The small percentage of the t
of stockholders' money which they never I
ou get back again. I
ier Q.-What are bonds? a
on A.-Fetters for tying up the money 3
of those capitalists who are too smart p
er to buy stock.
he Q.-What is a receiver?
ol- A.-A gentleman with cool nerves
who comes in at a certain stage of tI
the game and takes all there is in c
of sight.
of Q.-What is a receiver's certifi
at cate?
or A.-A paper which certifies to d
ti
or stockholders that the receiver is a
ed bigger man than all of them put to
'* gether. o
ed Q. -What is a construction account? 0
A.-A convenient devise for ac- C
lt counting for the money which the
1Y dear public knows has been paid over d
'e- and which the corporation cannot
Id produce on demand.
be Q.-What is a balance sheet?
ie A.-A mathematical demonstra- d
y tion that two and two make seven. 9
a Q.-What is a report? 9
A. -A legal formula whereby a cor- y
es poration inquires whether the public 01
to authorities can see any green in its w
yi eye. m
or Q.-What do the public authorities
of require of a corporation? th
d. A. -That when it bleeds the dear gi
V' public it shall do so with as little re
sr pain as possible to the victim. A
hb Q.-And what redress has the vic
n tim if the corporation defies the law?
A.-Profanity.
His Idea.
pt Hon. Pat. L)onan, former editor of
the St. Joseph, Mo., Caucasian speak
. ing of his brother Democrats says:
r, ,Since God Almighty created ILuci
Id fer an archangel of transcendent light t
p- and glory in heaven, and lit him C
it scoot headlong down the steep tobog- t
re ganslide of damnation to become the of
i1 head devil in bell, there has never
been a greater failure, a more mon- p1
w strous falsifier of pledges and violator
p of platforms than the Clevelandesque cc
Satggregation of freaks and misfits that p1
a lyingly labels itself the Democratic st
d party.
t Breight Talk.
I- Mankind is divided into two classes
d -the workers and the idlers; the rob. nt
b ers and the robbed. Every man is a
7 dishonest who lives upon the unpaid
e labor of others. Producers' interests
are identical, and they must unite
Sand destroy the army of bloodsuckers c
e now absorbing their earnings through le
Susury, monopoly and speculation ere
they ean again taste the sweets olf t
d freedom. The arguments of the Pop. la
It ulists are unanswerable, hence their "I
characters are bad in the opinion of pe
o over-whelmed demagogues.-Farm
4 and Labor Journal
ne
Sooner the lsettln e
, Coming generations cannot fail to s
Srecognise the oinjustice of our bond i
Ssystem. A bond means slavery adn4 as
Ssome day the people will rise up and all
a break the chains. No right exists ag
* whereby a people can be bound to be
a perpentual servitude sod an enlight
o *ned view of the subject which will of
put an end to the bondholder's power,
Swill wipe out of existence his ability '
fo plunder, will make a free peo.
, ple-Chicage Express.
Ir a man owed $1,60000,0,000 o and M
had enly $360,000,000 to pay it with, th
She would be in a bad fix, wouldn't *
he? Well, that is the status of the
National bakr. 'They owe the first
sjamounta to depositors and have the
latter to pay with. What do you .ol
a think of such a system? Democrats sse
I sad Republicans are great ea coat- i.
dence, while Populist. prefer a cash lee
Ssstem. tel
,er ,ILLED BY HARSH CRITICISM.
of
're Mgr. CerIna, l'amet and Censured by
the alrdinals, Dies from the Blow.
in You may perhaps have heard of the
ho recent theft of precious illuminated
>le oarchments at the Vatican library,
ud says an Italian correspondent of the
of St. James Gazette. The robber, the
to sol-disant Prof. Sordi, has indirectly
*v- becnme a murderer, for it is certainly
sir to the anxiety and pain caused by the
ite ruthless mutilation of his bibliograph
03 ical treasures that we must attribute
the sudden death of Mgr. Carini, the
li- Prefect of the Vatican library. This
ks eminent prelate, though comparatively
d- young-being only about 50-was
of known and respected in the scientific
ed world for his learned writings on his
'e torical, palaeographic and theological
or subjects, and belonged to several sci
bt entific academies, both in Italy and
id abroad. The theft of the parchments
'' brought down an avalanche of annoy
an ances and trouble on the quiet, peaceful
it- savant, and he bravely supported the
weary interrogations of the police offi
clals and the assaults of prying report
ers. But the coup de grace came to
him when he was called before a com
mittee of Cardinals, one of whom, the
r- Jesuit Mezzarella, harshly threw upon
him all the blame of what had occurred.
This was *too much for the poor
Monsignor. His Sicilian blood got the
h better of his love for the grand library.
which was his greatest pride and care.
and he rushed out of the room, exclaim
t1 Ing: "Very well, I shall resign." But
d the blow had been too. painful, and a
m few hours later, when at his place in
the Chapter of St. Peter's singing ves
pers with the other canons, Mgr. Carini
sunk down in a swoon and was carried
ar into the Court of St. Damascus, where
et he expired without regaining con
sciousness. Mgr. Carini was a son of
Gen. Carini, who commanded the army
,g corps of Perugia when Archbishop Pec
in ci, not yet elevated to the chair of St.
Peter, occupied that see. Leo XIII.
had, therefore, known the late Monsig
to nor since his childhood, and, appre
o ciating the rare talents of the young
priest, called him to Rome, where, in
the course of time, he appointed him I
•e to the important post which he occu
pr pled at the time of his sudden death.
His holiness has been L'ofoundly
shocked and grieved at tkh loss of
y Mgr. Carini, whom he had aheady ap
rt pointed cardinal.
He Was No Menagerie.
3 Senator Harris, of Tennessee, says
°i that just after Andrew Johnson had va
cated the presidential seat the mana
gers of the Simpson County, Ky., Ag
ricultural and Mechanical Assoclatioan
decided that it would be a great adver
tisement to have the old gentleman at
tend the fair. "We don't care for him 1
on Saturday," said the manager, "for I
on that day we shall have a pretty big
crowd, anyhow. Wednesday will be I
the day. I will write the ex-Presi
dent."
it The following letter was sent to Mr.
Johnson:
"Great Sir: The people of the won
., derful county of Simpson, feeling a
great interest in one of America's
greatest sons, have decided to invite
P. you to be present at our fair grounds
c on Wednesday, October 6, where they
,s wish to shake your hand. Please let
me know by return mail."
a He let him know by return mail, on
the back of his own missive. The old (
,r gentleman turned the letter over, and
e read the following: "I am no menagerie.
A. Johnson."
Same Effect.
Jack-What's the matter with you?
Love?
George-No; only the grip.
TEMPERANCE.
SGovernor Sheakley, of Alaska, refuses
Sto issue the necessary permits for the
estabUshment of breweries in that terri
tory.
A new law for the better observance
of Sunday in Russia will probably close
Sall the dram shops throughout the em
pire on that day.
' A physician declares that one-half the
a consumptive patients received into hos
t pitals in Paris owe their condition t4
c spirit drinking.
The W. C. T. U. of Bondurant, Ia,
have had five acres of ground given
them for five years rent fee,. and wilt
farm It for the benefit of their work.
SRev. J. Hudson Taylor says that the
number of opium smokers and their
Sfamilies in China who are suffering di
rectly from this evil is 150,000,000.
Superintendent Russel, of the Ohls
Anti-Saloon League, reports that over
100 saloons in various towns have been
closed already through the efforts of the
I league.
1 Over 10,000 railroad men in this coun
I try are wearing a little button upon the
lapels to the coats bearing the letters
"R. T. A.." which means Railroad Tem
perance Association.
Finland has demonstrated that spirits
are not necessary in cold countries, hav
ing become practically a total absti
nence country. This change has been
effected ander local option and woman
suffrage.
Sir Benjamin Warde Richardson once
interrogated a noted tight-rope expert
as to his art. The acrobat stated that
all good trainers and skille4 performers
I agree that abstinence from alcoholic
Ibeverages is absolutely necessary.
Mr. Cecll Rhodes,. the representative
I of the English government in South
Africa, recently stated that even from a
commercial point of view he was
against the llceansing of any sale at liq
mors among the Atrlcans.
The Church Temperance Soeletp re
cently appointed Its general secretary.
IMr. Robert Graham. to go to England
this summer and make a thorough in.
vestigation of the various coffee-house
enterprises and systems ln that country.
The police commissioners of Los An
geles passed a resolutlon to revoke the
license of any saloon keeper or his agent
Iflound gIlty of violating the Sunday
eI olag act, and requested the city ooun
4le to pass an ordinance forbidding sa
loose within 6m0 teet of any school bulle
Ih a the city.
Highest of aU in Leavening Power.-Latest U. S. Gov't Repot
Da aBaking
RqY Powder
ABbOLUTELY PURE
A H1ad E ephant.
s The boss elephant went mad re
cently at a religious festival in the
great temple at Alvartirunagari, near
the southern point o'f Ilindustan.
Elephants came from the towns
around, and the large elephant of
Nunguneri ran amuck. His mahout
had a little child in front of him at
the time, and tried to pass it back
s quietly,; but the elephant was too'
quick for him: he snatched the child
in his trunk, and, carrying it to his
a mouth, began munching it. 'The
child was extricated and died soon
after. The elephant then turned on
3 the mahout, threw him to the ground,
- and trampled him to death: but seert
e ing to realize what he had done, pick
ed the body up., carried it to hit dead
master's house, and laid it down at:
r the door. Then he rushed through
the streets, from which the people
had fled, battered in the doors of the
temple, with his head, and, tinding
there the little elephant of Tinnevelly,
t killed it with his tusks. From the
k temple he rushed into the river close
by, where he threw mud and sand
all over himself. By this time the
native policemen had loaded their
I guns, and from a safe distance fired
at him till he was dead.
He who gives too much attention to
small things rarely amounts to much.
Laugh and Grow Fat?
You shall do both, even if you are a slab
sided, pallid, woe-begone dyspeptic. if you re
inforce diget.on, insuire the conversion of
food into rich and nourishine blood, and re
cover appetite and sleep by the systematic nee
of the creat renovator of health. str'lngth ard
flesh. Hiostetter's '-tom:ach litter, which also
remedies malarial. kiduey Slan rheumatic
trouble, nervousness, constipation and bil
lousness.
When a man makes a good guess he te
gins to talk about his good judgment.
II the Baby Is Cutting Teeth.
3o sure and use that old and well tried remedy, Mas.
WzssLOw's SoorLso SYTRUr for Children Teething,
We must love men ere they will seem to
us worthy of our fove.
W . . GRIFFIN. Jackson. Michigan, writes:
"Suffered with Catarrh for fifteen years Hall'
Catarrh Cure cured me. " Sold by Druggists,hc.
If you do something worthy every day
you will crown your life with good works.
To Cleanse the System
Effectually yet gently, when costive or
bilious, or when the blood is impure or
sluggish, to permanently cure habitual
constipation, to awaken the kidneys and
liver to a healthy activity, without ir
ritating or weakening themn, to dispel
headaches, colds or fevers use Syrup of
Figs.
Those who would enjocyment gain must
find it in the purpose they pursue.
-S-Atil Fits stopped tree by Dr. K I ne's Orest
oese'tektorer. No Ytlsaft-r the Brst day's use.
elouscures. Treatiseanl12trial ati efreetr
caes, bend to ur. Kiinel1 Arch tL., Pi'i., i'
Real philosophy seeks rather to solve
than to deny.
- I
MA From early child
hood until Ihas
grown my family
spent a fortune
trying to cure me
of this disease. I visited Hot Springs
and was treated by the best medical
men, but was not benefited. When
all thing? had n[I failed I de-,
termined to try S.S.S.
and in four months was
entirely cure . The terribl eczema ,
was gone, not a sign of it left. My
general health built up, and I have
never had any return of the disease.
I havell Iofe
ed 88 andC IL H
have neverHILDHOOD
yet known a failure to cure.
(QO. W. IRWIN. Irwin, Pas.
S Never fails to cure,
even when all other
remedies have. Our
treatise on blood and
skin diseases mailed
free to any addres.
5lDC IC CO.. Atltasi. Ga.
Rue A sOU sga
ALL DUsII CLAIRETTE 81OA1
MILLIONS D TN[ANIA ,A
Sold everywhere. Made only by
THE N. K. FAIRBANK COMPANY,'
r. eas.
Cabled Field and C-1« Po, aui. bMlt ew ne,,
nStee Weo b Pkgt l.awn Fen2ce, ete `K.i y
H ocrtclas PRICCI.OW. cl taloeua vl:tF.L
Hog Fence, C.o_.,.o ,1HgS.. ,to°..De. K,.
De Kalb Fnce Co., 121 High St., De Kalb, II1.
Two young ladies in (Clais, Me..
e ventured out on bikes in bloomers not
r long ago, but before they had ridden
many minutes they were so mortitild
s by the remarks which they iln.agned
f the young men were inakira,; ti:iat
t they hurried homeo and hac nee'.ut
t donned the costume sinc+'.
The worth of a -rate i, the xor::u ,f the
in lividua's iomlsi, ,. it.
Tal''a at Home.
McElree's Wine of ('ard ii relieves
the agony endured by many women
month after month in nmod.-t silence.
- It is recmmniendel by many lhysi
- cians as the mto,t e:Tecti:,t rl. Only
I known for ,ainfUl: 1:,nstruatlon. 'I io
t treatment can be a..,,ted n tihe i,r
I vacy of home, without satuIlitting to
3 humiliatin:- examinations or coupult.*
ing a doctor.
Mrs. W. L. Mitchell. of i'ratt lM;ne!,
Ala., writes: "*'or the pa-t six months
I have suffered awful pains at the
time of my monthly perious. A few
months ago my husband got tme s,'"ne
Mhiclree's Wine of (ard ii. SuiC
using that I havn't felt a pain. I can't
1 give it all the praise it should have."
J. W. Pollard, Pleasant Ridge,
Miss., says: "M1ecElree's Wine o:
Cardui cured my wife after four dLo
tors had failed."'
halle mayV re train wh:tat. !at e, e. uo1
prohibit.
Pio'q Cure for 'onumrition 's an A
No. I Asthma nrieli ine \1 i \\ .:.:A·tS,
Antioch, 11: ., April 11, !,4.
Hoarding your thouhht i. a ail I ,, y
utteran.ie m ltillie, tmen.
GREAT BOOK FREE.
When Dr. R. V. Pierce, of Purffalo, N V.,
published the first edition of his work. The
People's Common Sense Medical Adviser
he announced that after 6~o. .; copies haId
been sold at the regular price, ft so per
copy, the profit on which would repay him
for the great amount of labor and money
expended in producing it, lie would l.i -
tribute the next half million fr'e As this
number of copies has already been sold, he
is now distributing, absolulc/tl /r , s..5n.o.o
copies of this -- most com
plete, interest- I COUPON inc and va!.
uable common I No.1 t scn-re med
ical work ever "p-- , lish.d
the recipient only being required to mail
to hint, at the above addre--, this little
coiUPON with twenty one (2r) cents ill ne.
cent stamps to pay for postage and pack
ing onli. and the book will be sent by mail.
It is a veritable medical library, complete
Sin one volumne. It contains over Irs pages
and more than to, illustrations. The -Frte
Edition is precisely the same as those sold
at $1.5o except only that the books are
bound in strong manilla paper covers in.
stead of cloth. Send Now befoie all are
given away. They are going off rapidly.
UNIVERSITY OF NOTRE DAME.
THE FIFTY-SECOND YEAR WILL OPEN
TUESDAY SEPT. 3d. 1895.
Fullnnour-e.o nlalwues I.rttrm Srelnet'.lI.r~
4i'lllat d .eehateal Engisneeritsg. h, gy
I'reparat.,ry ard ..mme01," I ,a t * . F, -t. to
hail f or g under 13 I' 'nqlu i0 lithe ' ,1, t'. ,e. '.,
It. equip llnt. i('talog1. e- get fri e nl l a I. aI n tr
liV. ANDRW |hol.RissT, ( b. . N . tre 1.II m l
AMo tlerol ile wl Deufll
I cure the morphine and whi-ky habits un
der a positive guarantee for I5I; the tolaerO
habit for 0P. Proof of cure ser.t :recon requsLt
Eindor., d by three postmaistrs in the state of
Te: as Address I. WILSON, Una, Texas.
PARR
HAIR BALSAM
asa.e and beaI.tities be hair.
Pr·oIraalnzurant growth.
mover FaLb te Hestore Or"a
" lair to lIt Touthful Color.
eOutms. ds piee hair tlaigs. l
ASENTS MAKE $10 A DAY ief;"""...
I ties Just out sad sell Ilke wldlflr. Send for eltrelal
I ad tetma DIxie Novelty Co, Ltd., New Orleans, La.
W N U DALLAS 32.-9
When Answering Advertisements Kindl)
Mention this Paper.