LOUISIANA POPULIST.
=ý-- ---_ ...- --- - . .. .
FRIDAY, February 19, 1197. in 1
rocei
Che-- the I
Chrech Slervices.
theil
Services at the Mthodist church eve- and
ry First and Third SnndatV t 11 a. m.,
and 7:80 . m.. by the Pastor. terr.
Rickey. Prayer meetingevery Wednes- hope
day night at 7:80 p. m.
BAPtrrsr-M. E. eaver. pntor. Reg
ular services, second and fourth 1 d'n.lny~. sOnl
1 a in., uand 8. p. in ; Sunday evhool, 10 Od
a. mI.; Prayer metiung, Wednesday, 8 p.
m All invited. ing
pan
whi
Lodges. geni
Pheaix Lodge No. A. . A.. & A. 1 .- by 1
ST. Gallien. W. M.; J. (' Trchel jr., se.
Meets first and third WVteddoesdays, at 7 Ii
Castle Hall No. 1~, Knibhts of Pythin e
-J. E. Breda, C. U.; Adolph L'lIerisnan. Rie
K. of R. 8. Meets second and fourth
Thursdays, at 8 p. m.d
Mr. W. L A. Mlonroo of Gol- the
dons, wps in town Monday haul- hil
ing some of the last of the free c
corn and meat for people in his
rection, who have no teams. mai
Every detail as to the produc
tion of "Man and Master" will be nee
carried out, and its presentation et
will be as perfect as though by and
professionals. ren
The Oil Mill was shut down I
Monday for the want of cars to are
ship oil in. It started up again Tug
Tuesday morning. not
We take especial pleasure in pre- pre
senting the New York Racket nee
Store this week as a candidate for 1
the liberal patronage of our read- oni
era. A long felt want in our city, Wi
this venture must be a success un
der the management of our enter- at
prising and clever friend, Mr. T. wa
J. Flanner. wa
ma
The beautiful Melodrama enti- wil
tied "Man sad Master," will be dol
presented at the Opera House by cei
local talent, assisted by profession- 1it
ala, for the benefit of the Militia an
Co., on Friday, Feb. 19th, a full as
sad complete wardrobe has been
secured. M
Over 1200 head of cattle are to
being fattened at our big Oil Mill
here, besides 156 that were shipped
last week, and besides the feeding is
of all the milk and stock cattle in ds
the city and for miles around. to
The New York Racket Store m
sells 18-inch Dish-pans for 25c., cl
14-inch 15c., 11-inch Washpan 5c.,
12-inch Enamel finish 35c., Gal
vanized Iron 4-gallon Buckets 30c.,
6-gallon Foot tubs 45c., Coffee
Dripper 8-pint 20e.
Mr.' J. W. Freeman returned ,
from New Orleans Wednesday ,
morning whither he had been to
hear the argumebts before the Su
preme Court in his case, and on
other business.
All klads of Tin and Granite i
ware, small Hardware, Crockery,
(ai.m ad Queesware , staple and
fasy Nations, Stationery, Brush
., Combs, Soap and Perfumery,
Umbrellas, Hosiery, Nek-wear
amd Get's. Furnilshing goods, low- e
or thau the lowest at the New York
Raket store.'
Don't fail to see "Man and Mas- E
. tes. t Opera Houm, Friday night
teb. 19th.
S more ears of the Freeman corn I
wer distributed at oar depot this I
week. It is coming rather slowly
for the mlr and anxious custo
ma rm8. ars li allbare beenor
, idi sad tll the ery is for more,
sad ll from people who are de-i
serving of this measure of relief.
il ' ti BeDnet,' Opera House,
: "Man ad Master," Friday night,
ot. W. H. Jack and wife i'
r W aft New orleans Wednes
&odialag, but stopped of at
Ahasirslark eosn 4 .
e gpiesmt our seeders with a
aw "P-.-the eolest lasratis .
sis bsekedbl years of expe
.by strong ompeanes, and
ihi pleamatit a businea-like
sWaldwe take pleaesiPn
hianto onr radies.
Postponed. T
tion,
The clever gentlemen represent- ,f
ing the Economy Flour Bin ('o., fo I
received orders Wednesday from the
the head of their firm to transfer uarer
their operations to a different field F
and postpome their canvass in this viz
territory until fall, when it is
hoped that the effects of a drouth
will not exist as it does now im
sonime sections of our parish. The
orders taken here will not be hind- Frc
ing unless renewed when the Corn- Fg
Ipany resIIules operations here, at
which time we hope these affalle Fra
gentlemen may be returned hei e
- by their firm.
7 uny II:den Kirksv Pants of
Williams, Weaver & O'Quin, they
are the best. Lot
h The beautiful sunshine we have
had for the past week is thawing Lot
the farmers out of their Winter tic
hibernations, and much talk of N
corn planting is heard in the hland.
If no rain hetwcen now and then
man~r an acre on Cane river will be Fra
planted next Monday,
First-class ('iea:r store in con- 1
nectie( with the New York Rack.- W
en t Store, where the finest cigars Fri
and the purest tobaccos are sold at
remarkably low figures. Frr
n The Jones vs. Freeman case was
0 argued in the Supreme Court
n Tuesday and Wednesday, but will
not he decided before we go to
press, and probably not before
next week.
ºr Liberty Bell School Shoes-the
I- only genuine School Shoe-at
y, Williams, Weaver & O'Quin.
There should be something done
r
at once to help the suffering in
ward 2. It will be impossible for
many of them to make a crop
:r- without considerable help. The
be donations they have already re
,y ceived will be exhausted by the
n- 1st of March in many instanees, 01
;ia and the suffering will be as great
all as ever.
en Jurors and Witnesses at the
March term of court will fare well
ie to call at the City Hotel for board.
lill Whose Mare?
Taken up at my house on Span
ng ish Lake about January 1st., a
in dark bay Mare, black mane and
tail and black feet, no brand, har
ness mark on back, good sized ani
)re mal and fine condition. If not
Sclaimed in 30 days will be estray- L
ed as the law directs. S
c. HENRY S. PROTHRO. r
ral- febl9-3t.
lee The drouth suffering in ward 2
is much more severe than in other i
wards l~ecause it is more general,
ed and there are no favored neighbors
liY who made good crops to lend aid
Sto or furnish employment.
5u In this large ward containing
on over 3000 souls, there is no river
lands, and not a single family in it
Dite made a half crop, nine-tenths of
ry, them made less than a fourth, and
and many made absolutely nothing.
s- What will our people do? See
them leave their homes, and some
'' of them actually starve? This
ear must happen if help is not procur
ow- ed.
Buy one of Williams, Weaver
& O'Quin's $5 00 Suits, they are
Sequal to others at $8 00.
ight The City Hotel will accommo
date people from the country at
,r prices to suit them, and with fare
this thatewill please.
wly What will the City of Natchito
isto- ches do to help the drouth suffer
Sor- ers? Every other city and town
hore, in the State almost are making
de creditable donations, even Homer,
ie, in the midst of the worst section,
made handsome donautions, and why
't, should not we? The suffering is
right here in our own parish, and
we owe it to these people, our
reState and the reputation of our
~ tF y todo our part. We don't
it at mean the city corporation iarticu
larly, but the individual citizens,
mt every one of whom is
''th a to do something. More next
Mru. E A., McBride was mar
ried to Mr. T. H. Hamilton, at the
residence of the former near Span
e sh Lake, Wednesday. Also Miss
SMarie Louise Rachalto Mr. V. A.
Tansiu, at residence of the bride's
Sih ij rents on Bayou Pierre, near
Gran4 Etcore
The following unsold t16th sec
tionfs of school lands in the parish
of Natchitoches, will be offered b
for lease to the highest bidder, for spoke
the year 1897, at the Parish Treas- se
urer's office of said parish b: u
FRI1AY, March 19th, 1897, jus,
viz : to
T. t. S. Acres snv
5 5 16; 6268 s
5 6 11;'o 6.;-114 '
5 7 16 6"' !'9 28 T
5 8 16 682 SS
Frc'l E1A of SEI+-6 4 1; 1; SS
" section 6 4 16 20 00
Fractional 6 6 16 33 91
6; 7 16 636 72
Fractional sec'n 7 4 16 48 95
7 5 1; 4:31791
7 7 11 636 38 ""e
7 S 16 ;:3;f; o
7 9 10 640 00
Lots 5. 6, 7, s 6 il; 79 50 con
Frac'al sec. 16 8 7 543 30 '
8 8 636 76
Lots 1-5 & frac- and
tional E. SE½ 9 6 06 37
N E4 9 8 033 12 un
9 9 159 80
9 10 6;44 72
10 6 63;7 32
Frac'l. sec. 16 10 7 574 57
10 9 641 96t Sc
E: of sec, & S
W1 10 10 450 ) J
W1 of W. 11 5 169 00
Fractional sec. 11 6 398 10
11 7 642 58 H
11 8 6(29 40 the
Fractional sec. 12 5 1640 04) and
12 6 644 00 of 1
13 6 638 92 [r
0 .....,,
OFFERS TIlE PUBLIC TIHE
rt
Best Passenger Service
be BETWEEN
TEXAS
THE EAST
AND
a SOUTHEAST.
ir- Cannon Dai Train
it SHORTEN8 ONE HOUR IN TIME.
Leaves Fort H orth, 7:05 a. m.; Dallas
8:05 a, m.: Union Depot, 8:1 a. hi. Ar
rives St. Louis, 7:25 a. m. next day.
LIITD EVENING EXPRESS.
S2 IHAS BEEN QUICK ENED
er 9 HOURS TO ST. LOUIS AND
as, THE EAST.
ors 4 HOURS TO lUEMlPHIS.
One oPassenr to ew Oreans.
ONLY TWO DAYS
he BETWEEN
of Texas an New York.
SPullman Bunoffet Sleeping Cars toTrin
ag. St. Louis, Chicago, New.Orleans
and Pacific Coast.
ume Through day Coaches each way be
ni
For Tickets and further information,
call on or address your nearest ticket
va Agent or
are t IL.ORlNS, GATO1N KBLI,B
3d Vice-Pre. & Gen. Mgr. Gen. Pass. & Tk. Agt
W. A. DASHIm.eLL, Tray.
m Passinger Ag't..
S DALLAS, TEIXAS.
JR. CARROLL,
e Watchmaker & Jeweler.
)wn -0
ing WATCHES, CLOCKS and all
or, kinds of JEWELRY repaired on
io short notice, and(satisfaction guar
why anteed.
g is Orders taken for fine watches
d and jewelry.
S Appreciating the very liberal
our patronage rece ived for the past
our year, we have increased our force
on't an facilities for doing first class
c work, and solicit the trade.
ens, See our sign on St. Denis, near
c is Front Street, Natchitoches, La.
next Dec. 11-1y.
THE BOSS BARBER.
nar- -------
the CHARLEY TUCKER, who
pan- presides over the FAMOUS Ton
iss sorial Parlors on 2nd Street, near
Sthe Courthouse, will give you the
Sbest and uickest shave in town.
d air-cutting in all the latest
ne shtudpne to perfection. Caull on
the Old Reliable Ausatcux NoxWoowroxasT
is again in the family that gave it birth, and is cele
batng Its return by a more igorous, bold and out
spoken demand for radical reforms than any other
Journal of national circulation. It is edited and pub
ished by Prof. C. VInent4 who is well known as
a political speaker ln more than 20 states. It is spicy
but not iconoclastic; bright,but not bitter; logical
and profound, but not dry and rosy. In short, it is
just what every Populist family sould read, and every
populist should delight in extending itectroulation In
his locality. It a departments are
A most complete news servica
1NEWS, is given and no other Populk t
paper givesfull Market Reports
PAR RET that are equal to those of the
REPORTI, great dailles.
Its "open court" where anyone
PEOPLES' may say what he pleases, is
FOBUJI, worth many times the cost of
the paper.
Here is found the cream of the
reform thought of the nation.
The exchange department is in
EXCRANGE charge of a special editor so
COLUJIN, that a subscription to the NoN
CONFORMIT is equal to taking
a wagon load. You getthe best
from all in the one.
Amongits regular contributors
are Hon. John Davis, Hon. W.
Mpeelal A. Peffer, Prof. Ridpath, Rev.
Correspondence, Myron Reedandahost of others
whose writings are sought with
eagernessand readwithinterest
It keeps its reade8r informed on
the.work of Conrea.. Noother
Con erstbemOal paper has so hgh a reputation
Dotngs asm the NoNo6NPoEMIrT for
furnishing full information on
publio matters.
It is the IEWSIES~0 BRIGHTEST, SPICIEST
and ABLEST Populist paper in the United States,
and it is read in every quarter of theoeuntryb. Itis
a six column, 8 page weekly journal of established
rephtation and circulation, founded in 1879. Subscrip
tion price, $1.0Oa year. Trial trip,3 months, 25 cente.
Send a postal card fto sample tctpy. Address,
AM. NONCONLORIUIST, Indlan?9olls, Inds
D. C. SCAROOIlOUC II. M. II CARVER.
SCARBOIROUG Ii & CARVER.
Attorneys at Law.
NATCIIITOC I ES, LA.
Will pr:actie in tile District Court.s in
the l':u'ishe of, Nat hltlches. Red River
and Sabtine. and in the Suprelme Court
of louisinlla. and the I!. S.l)istriet and
S('ircuit Churts for the W estern )istric
of Ilouisiana. jan 17-1y
Samuel J. Henry,
Attorney at Law.
NA'TCIITOCIIES, LA.
Will practice in all the State and Fed
ral Con rts.
L -
Send for our new 1860 Cwt o
iA i tm n IE l alogue, illustrated III c'r+ore,°
contaIning full descriptious of
all our Planos and Organs.
U.EI.k -IM N c rEM EMBER we ae the only
firm of actual manufanctrers
ee u v to the general public direct, atfactory coat-the only firm where you cet the
Beal t Value for your money. There are o eats', Dealers' or Middlemen' prots
added iTCASH or on EAS- PAYMENTS
your own home under our speeial warrant ftwenty.ive mar. . 0oey
OOM i$ ar evancm. oery rtyse g eretioe . FRt M
VZRIEBEW CE, ur banky. .oa tTR S fN tlstaetloa. ne
any bank the editor of this paper, orn a .~
mlllolodoUllureworthofn htrnlt from"d ld ton,
us durln the pat 35 years. Our new book 5.o ., jae PARSLORI ORWIAS for
"The Heart of the People," nonwaug a A [oasi tot otb Inibttr n fnBlU
thomand eeent reterenoe~ee ee Des '0 Ye
1111 write at enee to W
CORNISH CO., PaisnoanOrganxakeu. Washin on, N. J.
DE LOA CH
Variable Friction Feed Saw Mills,
Planers and Matchers,
DeLoach Corn and Flour Mills,
Turbine Water Wheels,
, Hungry Elephant"'' Baling Press,
Engines and Boilers.
SMILL MACHINERY AND GBARING OP ALL KINDS
SAW REPAIRING
,a splaky.
WORK OUARANFBBD.
FRICTDOA causes nearly all the trouble In life. and more especially
In machinery. Our VARIABLB FRICTION as applied to
Saw Mills and Planers enables the operator to take just
what he needs and no more. Warranted to yield a capacity twenty per
cent. greater than the old style with same power.
97 Saw Mills sold In one month proves its wonderful popularit'
and they go to all parts of the world.
The DeLoach Variable Friction Feed Planer,
Matcher and Moulder beats them all.
Write at once for large illustrated catalogue.
DeLoach Mill Mfg. Co.; Atlanta, Ga.
I1S Washlagtou St, New York C Iy, and IllS. 11th St., St. Louis, Mo. '
II • i Il I I I el llll IN III In I I l
G. H. Prothro,
PHYSICIAN & SURGEON,
NATCHITOCHES lA.
Diseases of Women and. Chil
dren a speciality.
Office in thebTrichelUDrug'Store.
may31-1y.
I
r I W every man and woman in the United
States interested in the Opinm and Whisky
Shabits to have one ofat my books on these dies
eases. Address B. M. Woolley, Atlanta, G(,
Box 882, and one will be senat you free.
Advertise in the LouIsIANA Pop -
ULIST.
RHEUMATISM, NEURALGIA, marvel us
SScience of the 19th Centt1
CATARRHB ASTHMA, HEADACHE : ekn
CATARRHASTHMA, HEADAICHE at the most remarkable ree
the World's history.
Huidreds of thousands of Sufferers cured without a aligle failure
by "FIVE DROPS."
IThough so universally used and teste'd did you ever hear anyone
speak ill of this great remedy? No,yon ,cv\r did alnd never will, for
it taken as directed and in the proper quantity "5 Drops" cannot fail
to cure any of the diseases for tvhich it is recommended. What
it has already done to relieve the suifcring si told in thousands of
letters of grateful piaise.
fMr. 7. P. Limeburner, widely knmotl for many years as the sperirl re~resentatiVe of
the Populists and Free Silver i'ress el the ULitd .',tes, has kindly forwarded the
following letter for tublieatwn: Jan. "5 i189.
DiARu Stns-t am anxious for the sake of thi sufrrer;ng and out of gratitude to you to
gite my personal endorsenteut of your wonderful remedy. On the eth of January, 1897,
I was in Washington and was suddenly seized with in .ggrivateu, Case of inflammatory
rheumatism; so severe and painful was the attack that within 24 hours ny left arm was
paralyzed and I was only able to dress with ttsistanCe. I ec',re'i a bottle of 5 DROPS
and took a dose that night. ribbing eumnd :, o; tenr(llly t., directed. The following
morning I was surprised to find myst ;f iumcnsely reliev:'d, a:i' continuing tteatifent
woke the second morning cured. My arm was absohutely fret irou pain, and all swelling
and stiffness had disappeared. The quickiwss r.nd com:ipl: : ces" of .ny cure Was te
markable. I have known for over a year of the great eitative properties of your medicino
and have several friends who have been cured by it of Neuralgia, Catarrh and Asibtll.
Wishing you every success and trusting that those similarly atflicted will at least
give this remedy a trial. Sincerely yours J. P LIMEItURNER,
Burea.z of Populist and Reform Paers. Od Sock Rxchantg Building, Chicago, ,lls
CURES THE INCURABLE.
1,sia Smes;-I would like to thank you for your great remedy, "5 DROPS," and tll
you what it has done for tme. I had Ihbemnatism in every joint and in the heart,,and I
had Catarrh of the head for 30 years, I wasso pourly that I lost the use of my legs and arms,
and could not move without pain. I was so crippled, that I had dohe but little work for
seven yearn, r:d our family physician. a i ,oou doctor, told nme that my Rbeumatism
and Catarth were incurable, etid I ,ie ',ved hin lint ntw. after usitga "r DROPS" only
two months, I can truly say I have mt, felt so well for seven years, 'his medicine does
more than is claimed for it. At this time my ('tarrih is much better, and I have scarcely
any Rheumatism at all and the heart weak:ns'n. and pain nr, gone. My heariig is now good
and my eyesight is much l,,tier. I have gained more thin 10 pound!s of flesh and can dd
a full day's work. It is the best medictrine I ever sari to give ii mother whd has a yourt child,
for it has the samln effect on the .hitld as on the mother. It wards off Oroup :iiu cures the
hivesof the child and causes sweet and refreshir'g sleep to both young and oltd
Yours respectfully, WM. M.i erryi M Id.
Jan 29 1898. Siberi&, I erry c(., nad.
We received the followin' letter from MAr. 7. 7. . Wilson of Omaha, Ill. Air: Wilson has
been for teany years an invalid, and reading4 the above letasr which was publired, worote Afr.
Kellems, asking if his endorsement was genuine, and received this reply., which A forwardedts.
MI. J. J. WILSON.
Dean StR:-Your letter of' recent date at hand, thetestimonial you speak of lI genuine.
The company who manufactures and sells "5 Drops" puilished my testlmoftial just as
I gave it to them and every word of it is true, and I could swear to it aid prove it by
many witnesses. The company did not ask me for this letter, I sent it to them last
SJanuary for publication itt order that poor suffereres, ieunrable as I once was, and as youtarea
might be cared. OGet "5 Drops" and use it and it will curt you as it has cured me, I hat
received umany letters like yours, and it is a pleasure to me to answer alt who write. T'ell all
your neighbors what I have written about "5 Drops." 1 kfxow how to sympathize with thoSd
c who are afflicted, for though I suffered so long it is now 8 month- ince 1 have felt any pati,
Dr. S. W. Kellems. my brother, uses "Y hrops" itt his psactice, and joins me n em
dotaing this great remedy. lie says for a case like yours it is a positive cure.
Sept. 21, 189. MR. W, y. AND DR. S. W. KtLLEIX
If you have not suflicient confidence after reading tbhee letters to Send for a large bottled
senld for a sample bottle, which contains sufficient medicine to convince yel of itbrit. This
wonderful curative gives almost uistant relief and is a permanent dare for R tlaue
Sdatica, Neuralgia, Dyspepsla, Backache, Asthma, Hay Fever, Crhse Stdspueame
Nervousness, Nervous and Neuralgic Headaches, Heart Weaknesn>? _ BU.,
Croup, "La (Irlppe," Malarla, Creeping Numbness, Broachitis and KlIkar Diseasmes.
"FIVE DROPS" is the name and dose. Large bottles (00o doses), $1.00. Sit bottle tfo
$6.00. Sample bottle prepaid by mail 250. Not sold by;druggists, but only by us add Olr
agents. Agents appointed in new tertitory.
8WANSON RHEUMATIC CURE CO., t167DarberaSt.sChka
The State NormalSchool,
NATC1HITOCHES. LA,
Maintained by the State forthe training of
Teachers. Affords thorough prepara
tion for the profession of Teaching
Full course of Academic study, practical training in the art a
Teaching, one year of daily practice in model schools under
guidance of skilled trainingteachers. Class work ex
cmplifics the best of modern thought in matter
and method of instruction.
Diploma Entitles Graduates to Teach in. any public school of
Louisiana Without examination.
Tuition free to Students who teach one year
after Graduation.
Entire Expense for session of eighlt months, $110
Twelfth Annual Session begins OCT. 1,.1896.
SFoR CATALOGUE; W.ITE TO - •
B. C. CALD WELL, President.