LOUISIANA POPULIST.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $1.00 A YEAR. There is No Free Country, Unless the People Rule. PRICE, 5 CENTS.
VOL I. NATCH ITOCHES, LOUISIANA, FRIDAY, MAY 17, 18953 NO. 39.
HE HITS THEM HARD.
WHAT IF CHRIST CAMR TO
CONGRESS?
Howard Defends Himself Against the
Attarks of the ]lutocratic Preses and
Points Out the Source of Unjust and
Corrupt Legtslation.
When a man enters congress he must
choose one of two things. If he wishes
to be courted and feted by Washington
society, if he desires the
praise of the plutocratic press,
if he is looking after fat
places for his relations and friends, if
his heart longs for the smiles of aris
tocracy and the fawning of sycopants.,
he has only to be the willing tool of
plutocracy and all these things are
within his grasp. If thus he chooses,
his future pathway is strewn with flow
ers, and for him there is the purple and
fine linen of Dives.
On the other hand. if he champions
the cause of the people, and stands up
for the nation's toilers and antagonizes
Shylocks who are enslaving the honest
yeomenry of the country, he will be
called a crank, an agitator and an an
archist.
He will be scorned by society, ma
ligned, abused and ridiculed by the
plutocratic press and treated discourr
teously and snubbed by those in power,
and given to understand that he has no
influence with the administration.
This condition confronts every man
who Is chosen to represent the people
and he must become an ally of the
aristocracy of wealth and desert the
people or stand up for the rights of
the people and be hated by the money
power. Surrounded by lobbyists and
corruptionists, with unlimited cMoney
to purchase votes, with avenue after
avenue to luxury and ease tont'oually
open to the mental vislon, surrounded
by vice and profligacy, is it to be won
dered at that so many of our public
men fall victims to the temptation, and
forget the poor toilers who labor in
the mines and factories, the vineyards
and the fields, and who are looking to
their leaders with such intense, tearful
suspense? Here lies the great danger.
This is the very root of the evil, the
source of all our ills.
So long as the trusts and monopolies
hold such unlimited power, just so long
will our legislation become more cor
rupt and vicious. The greedy, unscrup
ulous grasping, trusts have entered the
halls of congress and they have pol
luted the men whom the people have
trusted, and instead of a government
by the people, it is a government by a
money oligarchy. The capital city of
our nation is reeking with rotteness;
corruption and bribery stalk hand in
hans with luxury and licentiousness.
The man who sells his vote loses his
honor and becomes the prey of vicious
habits. Once started on the downward
road there is no stopping and he be
comes the easy tool of the money pew
er. Thus it has come to pass that the
congress of the United States is ever
andy to foster the robber trusts while
the people are' starving. We talk of
reform along certaln lines, we hold 1
monster meetings and petition congress I
for the passage of certain laws in the I
Interest of the people, and we wait and I
fondl hope for good wholesome legis
latowhen thk very men who are to
peas the laws have sold themselves t(9p
the money changers. We must break
the held which the money power has I
upon this natipn re we ean hope for 1
reform. We mast smourge the Shylocks I
from the capital eve as Christ securged 1
the mossy datager from the temple I
and we most turn aout the unfaithful
servants, and with them the eorrap
tionists, the lobbyasts, the rgues and I
protitutes who atke it the great cap- I
tel bulding at Washlngstona a veritable
deno tfilem. It we weld have the I
stream pm we must purify the bhead I
wstr ,o if we e waould have Just laws,
pmge lah ern t at the mosas I
wome who bane prened the walth I
dthis saui· s, we miot wemk a rtg
tien aimog thease who awe rs theo
hrg, In
S sro p o u -4ieto reveal to I
th Asisa sits this meat sheek
lug n as s. to show thom 4
tbasen o ,I Ch n it whrek 4
Owme t. " .p tha n o
tis to a·u they are
hvlp 4tlp er ae ma a
e$ r that ok (
-g y .-miht teok ges ]
a - Imt me a Wrud ti 1 i
.Itkby Wes~.i  I
dite s sa
4Abe & a
like water. Committee rooms became
temporary brothels. Women of Ill-re
pute swarmed the corridors and sang
conga in the public resta'rants with
inebriated congressmen. "I have sev
enty-five dozen glasses out," said Tom
Murry, the (isgusted caterer of the
house restaurant. "That tells the story
of the committee rooms better than any
words I could utter."
In front of the main door is a perfect
cloud of gentlemen interested in leg
islation. Some of the faces are familiar
and have been seen here for the last
twenty years. Some are comparatively,
new. Thousands and hundreds of
thousands of dollars are to be won
or lost within the next few hours.
Around at the other door are more
lobbyists and among them are some
women. Backed up against the marble
pillars everywhere are members but
ton-holed and on the defensive. Some
of these women are notorious. The
very fact that they are brought to bear
upon any item of legislation is enough
to stamp it with condemnation.
There are poker games in the com
mittee rooms, and the side-beards are
stocked with the best liquid refresh
ment which could be bought with the
contingent fund. There were the house
and senate bars where every one from
the most respected citizen to the low
est strumpet could obtain a drink.
An aged senator passed into a private
room with a hilarious member of the
demi-monde on each arm.
A congressman was carried away by
friends fighting drunk. A woman, with
her daintily booted foot elevated on a
committee table, and a glass of cham
pagne elevated in her hand, was sing
nla a merry song, while a dozen mem.
bers art their friends sat around smok
ing and enjoying the society of the
real lady. But this is enough. I will
cease. All of this beneath the jeweled
dome, between the marble walls of the
temple of liberty, amid the royal sur
roundings of art expressed in bronze
and marble and the expuisite touch of
the painter's brush.
God pity the people when such scenes
as these are possible.. "When the
wicked rule, the people mourn."
Sons of sires who bled for liberty, be
ware, for even now, if you will only
listen you may hear the clank of slav
ery's chains which are being forged for
you and your posterity.
Toilers of America this is a goodly
land, we are vastly superior in numbers
to the hosts of Shylock, so let us go up
and possess it.
Ere it is too late let us vote for free
dom. M. W. HOWARD.
NOTES AND COMMENTS.
The old party papers are not saying
much about many Populist victories in
cities and townships at the late spring
elections. The returns, however, are
coming in by slow freight. Pueblo,
Cole., city of 25,000 population, elect
ed Populist mayor, while Leadville,
with 11,000 population, elected a Pop
ulist city ticket. Moline, HI.. with a
population of 12,000 elected a Populist
mayor by 400 majority. In Illinois the
Populists elected a large number of
county supervisors throughout the
state. Many small towns throughout
the country were carried wholly or in
part by the People's party. These are
straws.
The late municipal and township
elections throughout the country have
demonstrated in many places a sur
pising strength to the cause of Pop
ulism-the People's party carrying
many towns and cities, where the Pop
ulist vote was light before. This is
mest encoaraling to the old parties.
The average earnings of labor in 1892
was $M; In 1184, it dropped to $15, and
the prospects are that the average for
15 wil be still lower. On the other
haud, amllionaire locomes are increas
g, sand elcial salariues climbing. Are
ye going to be foolish enough to vote
fsr a eaontlamace of a system that
makes such conditins possible?
It is said that nearly 17,000 children
ae uaable to attend school in San
Fradsee. Nfow can the so-called
humauttp rs of to-day, who shut their
eyes to the eavlreaments of the poorer
elases, epect to build a noble man
bhed and weomaneod where the great
magerity of the ehildren are denied
p educatIon?
It is estlmated by Superlateadent
yrmss uad bridge T. Gerry that
then me 4,MW prostitutes lia the city
M New York. It is sfe to say that a
Ile per eoat of these unfrtunat es
re-drive by poverty to a life ef
m. What a fearful resonsiblity
Ls restg pn these who are forciug
preset esaltlas upon this contry./
P arty, ach es is rweed apa eoehalt i
the AmerBen pseple to-day, en have I
ayther thou a demerallnng eect, the *
st natres witeh awe to be roE
d we wre threwn at Carl Browne I
at ~M a , O., reetly. Drowns is
41l aw gattunewand the o r
A ROYAL PROGRESS.
SOVEREIGN ARMSTRONG VISIT
ING HIS DOMINIONS.
H Talks .*f o(vernment, of Corruption
In Hiigh and Low Plares, of Slavery
and Freedom, anid MSakes SBose mg
gestions Regarding Name.
In the mind of every intelligent
thinker there are grave doubts con
cerning the theory of local sclf-gov
ernment. Convinced that the degree
of industrial happiness, depends upon
the sphere of industrial liberty, there
are stiil perplexing problems in the
Srealization (Republican institutions;
for when the government of the indi
vidual is transferred from a king or
an oligarchy to himself, there comes
with it no guarantee that the individ
ual will do nothing to abridge his
liberty, or bring upon himself the
very evils of which he was constantly
complaining under a monarchy or a
! desootism.
The evils which have beset human
! liberty in all ages and under every
form of government have not arisen
I wholly out of the imperfection of all
human institutions. The revolu
tionists of 1776 did not rebel
against a form of government.
I They contended at first for the cor
rection of the abuses of monarchy.
r They asked for nothing more than
i the constitutional prerogative of all
i Englishmen --representation with tax
ation-and it was only after they had
seen that their petitions were in vain
that they set up a government for
themselves. The revolution was the
opportunity of democracy. As a future
I security against the return of the
i evils which they had just escaped, the
colonist founded a republic. The
causes which have agitated mankind
from the very beginning. may be
summed up in less than half a dozen
words-to live life easily-and it is
absurd to imagine that men would
have ever progressed from monarchy
to democracy, from a mere desire to
make a good thing better. All his
tory shows that men suffer to ex
tremes before they rebel, and at no
time was the fact more manifest than
that of the struggle of 1776.
The colonists were absolutely
forced from the tyranny of
one master to the' crea
tion of many masters, and
though the change at first was a bles
sing, still there was nothing in it to
prevent the repetition of former ex
actions and usurpations. Democracy
is a multiplication of masters, (all
government is mastery or nothing),
contains not within itself the essen
tials of freedom and happiness.
Whether my masters be one or a
dozen, is of no concern to me, the
servant, unless the latter are wise
and virtuous.
Russia has her Decembrists, and
Nihilists, and in spite of man
hood suffrage and the very deification
of the individual by Democracy, the
United States has been repeatedly
torn by riot, and laid waste by the
the disciples of destruction. If whole
cities have not been given to flames,
it was because the opportunity and
not the desire was wanting. We
have seen the populace surge as tu
multuously in the streets of
our great cities, as ever it
did in the commercial centers of the
British Isles. We have seen a war as
destructive of national greatness and
prosperity as any of the Plantagenets
and Stuarts. In fact, there is no
spectacle of blood and civil dissension
which we may not at any time be
called on to behold. The evil, how
ever, is not the evil of a lack of dem
ocracy. We have it! It is a mere
quibble to say that the people do not
rule. Wrongs cannot be done except
with the consent of the majority, and
the sending of Federal troops into
Chicago was as Democratic as the
declaration of independence! If it
was not Democratic; that is, if against
the will of the majority, why did the
majority submit? The reason is ob
vious, and its oonsideration suggests
a discussion of municilpal misgovern
meat, whieh is the key to national
misgovernment.
Just at present the public is great
ly scandalized at the rotten
ness of municipal affairs. Al
dermen have been impeached
and from all sides are heard charges
of corruption, and what is said 6f
the cases of this corruption? Our
system of munaloilpal institutions has
been held up to us the sine qua non of
Ameriean freedom. De Pooquervlle
sald: *Local aseemblies of citizens
coastitees the strenght of free nations.
Municipal institutions are to liberty
what primary schools are to science.
A nation may establish a system of
free governwment, but without the
spirit of munictpal inestitatios it cna
net have the spirit of liberty? The
subdivisleea of govrnmet into coun
ties, parlshme sad towns is mset forth
as forming the prinolple of American
liberty existing at this day." And
yet that which is so eaenta to lib
erty is eapable OI eenatial oorruption,
Thai iS may o may not be corrupt
depes upo na seleetioe of osaosamd
Shosted Ilbert after nI depend'
L ahng on u tatiste tha m
thve o ah. e ver. ae what s.
humans im is easti ll
Necessity and money. Five dollars Ise
enough in too many cases to make a
hungry Democrat a well-fed Republi
can' And thus ignorance and intel
ligence may bind the intelligent free
man! Certainly I have a right to sell
my vote to the highest bidder. Every
vote is sold, for there are none who
would vote for a man, or set of men,
the execution of whose principles
would reduce, however justly, the
suffragan to poverty. ?1en vote that
they may preserve all they have and
acquire more. Consequently when
elections are to be held there are in.
terests to be looked after. Every ic
terest has a candidate, and that can
didate will be elected who has the
strongest support. And what else is
such support than money? And
whence comes the money? Clearly
from those who hold the most
property. And do they support
men not pledged to their interests,
which are the preservation of present
possessions, and the aquisition of
greater? No man bribes an alder
man for the mere sake of setting a
principle in motion, regardless of
the benefit he may receive from its
operation. Every bribe is an invest
ment, and every dollar given to a
-"campaign fund" is bread cast upon
the waters! The question arises, is
there no way to prevent bribery un
der existing conditions? Absolutely
none. In a Democracy, who are
to bring the guilty to justice? The
majority. And in every country who
constitute the majority. The poor.
Who control the government? The
rich, for is it not they who bribe oli
cials, and when the olticials of a gov
ernment are for sale, does not the
purchaser control the government?
Who then is to execute the law
against bribery? Will the rich
prove traitors to themselves?
What then is the solution of
municipal misgovernment, and at last
of state and national misgovernment?
Disfranchise all but property owners,
say some, and though such dis
franchisement is of no avail, still it
contains the key to the solution of the
question. Property is the source of
the trouble. To limit the right of
suffrage to property holders would
only narrow the scene of mercenary
warfare. The smaller property
holders would at last be depressed,
and the ultimate creation of the pres
ent evils--an oligarchy of wealth-
would be hastened; for there would
then be fewer to buy by half!
To got rid of municipal corruption
we must place the voter beyond the
necessity of selling, or make it impos
sible for the purchaser to continue
to buy. Every man wants and wishes
property. Men buy from and sell to
each other, to acquire property.
Property is then the cause and
remedy. Unless men may have
that honestly - prosperity - which
they seek to acquire dishonestly,there
shall be no end of corruption. There
once was slalery; men were unequal
in liberty. Some had every free
dom; others had none. All desired it
when they came to know it. There
was corruption and crime, and at
last a war for liberty. The United
States at last declared all their people
equal in liberty, and that those inca
pable of achieving, let alone main.
taining liberty, might preserve it.
The constitution itself was changed,
and by law it was made impossible
for one man to sell or convey his lib.
erty to another.
There is now property, men are
unequal in possessions. Some have
property; others have none. All de
sire it when they know its
advantages. There\ Is corruption
and crime, and at last
there will be war to obkin it, and
that those who are incapable of ob
taining. let alone maintai prop
erty, may preserve it, th stltu
tion itself will have to be agged,
by law; it will have to be ma im
posslble for one man to sell or convey
his real property, either actual or po
tenotial, equal to that of all other, to
another. Equality in freedom as
the solution of the evils of slavery.
Equality ina property is the only gola
tion of municipal and national misa.
government The Democratic sugar
kins of Louisiana, abandoned their
party for prospective property-those
men are educated and rich-what
then do you look for in the way, not
only of treason, but downright do
struction asd anarchy from the msa
of rags and ignoranooe? You will
suppress them! As well attempt to
suppress the tide.
JAMurcs AraSrnoNo, Jn
Tie Peepte Ase Liantag.
IAt not the gold standard orlans
deceive themselveus. The value of
money, the whole question of money,
is very largely a question of legisla
tion, and the people are learniag tho
truth. Callng names and arrogast
aasumptioes of superior knowledge
not warrated by the facts will not
win the Aght for them.--SyCaeae (N.
Y.) Herald.
ANDREW Jucxaox weil so y
said ,-that if oongress has the rigb
under the ooastitution to issue paper
money, it wu given them to be used
by themselves, not to be delegated
to iadividuals and corporalols."
Yet yes hem tea to-day cell e
selves Jeeheak Duera o te si do
-nmatioeql bqata bshal, ues.
LOUISIANA ITEMS.
Condaensatons From all Parts of Ste
Pellesa 8tte.
Sheriff Broussard recently arrested a
negro woman named Emma Bernard
and recovered from her a $106 bill,
stolen by her from Charles D. liar.
rington, a farmer living in the west
ern part of the parish. The woman
lived in Vermillion parish, but after
the theft came to Lafayette, where
she changed the bill, which led to her
detection, as Sheriff Broussard caught
her red-handed. She at first denied
her guilt, but fina!ly confessed the
crime and was lodged in jail.
The commission for the assessment
of railroad and telegraph lines recent
ly met at Rayville. the following mem
bers being present: J. H. Bruce, I.
Friedler, J. H. Brodnax, McDonald,
W. J. Brown. The New Orleans and
Northwestern railroad was assessed
at $3000 per mile, making the valua
tion of this road in ('ataboula parish
$57,000, in Concordia tn4',900, in
Morehouse 55,830, Richland $55,640,
Franklin $76,800.
Work on the opera house and gym
nasium of the Monroe Athletic associ
ation is progressing rapidly, and be
fore August that city will possess an
opera house second to none in the
state outside of New Orleans. The
stage will be larger than those in
similar buildings at Shreveport and
Natchez. The parquette will seat520
people. while there will be room in
the gallery for 400 more.
Richard Benton appeared the other
morning before Recorder Whitaker
of New Orleans to plead to a
charge of breach of trust and embez
zlement, which was supported by afm.
davit of William A. Deniger, Octave
Legler and 8. 1). Peters of the bixth
District Sanitary Excavating Com.
pany.
The board of trustees of the Indus
trial Institute, with Gov. Foster, Hon.
W. L. Foster. Dr. J. J. Bootes. Hon.
John Dymond, Dr. J. H. Dillard and
Judge E. M. Graham present, met at
Baton Rouge. the other day and com
pleted the organization of that insti
tute.
The governor has signed the death
warrant of Sylvester Abehire, who
was convicted in the parish of Acadia
in January last of murder. The exe
cution is fixed for Friday, May 24, be
tween the hours of noon and 4 o'clock
p. m.
The Vicksburg, Shreveport and Pa
cific railroad was assessed a few days
ego at Monroe at $7500 per miie.
which is unsatisfactory to F. P.
Stubbs, counsel for the road, and suit
will likly be brought to reduce it.
Louis Hellwig, residing in the city,
but a citizen of the empire of Germa.
ny, has entered a suit for damages
against the municipal government of
New Orleans in the sum of $20,0J0
for personal injuries sustained.
Gov. Foster has appointed V. K.
Irion, of St. Landry, member of the
board of administrators of the State
Normal school; W. P. Martin. of la
fourche, member of same board, vice
L. Pugh, resigned.
Governor Foster has appointed Wm.
M. Prescott police juror, Fifth ward
of St. Landry parish, and D. W.
White, coroner of Vermillion,. and
J. A. Davenport notary public, of
Morehouse parish.
The chairmaan of the executive com
mittee of immigration at Shreveport,
J. H. 8heperd, has issued an address,
in which the importance of encour
aging immigration is strongely urged.
Peter Smith,a negro of 17 years old,
who was employed as a sailor aboard
the schooner Wade Hampton, fell into
the lake at Little Woods the other
morning and drowned.
During a recent rainstorm at
Shreveport four large oxen yoked to
a wagon were killed by a stroke of
lightning. Every bone in the oxen's
bodies was broken.
The Louisiana division of the Travy
eler's Protective association held
their annual meetUag recently at
Shreveport with a large attendance.
Confederate memorial day was ob.
served at Jaekson, and the graves of
the loved sad patriotio dead were
doecorated with choioest lowers.
Gov. Foster has appointed Chris
tiaa Mourtairay oeastable of the
Fourth ward of StL Landry, vice Pres
ton Brown, deceaed.
Crops in La Fourche perish, yield
ing to the seductive influence of re
cmat genoeral showers, are very prom.
The organalsation of the Good Citl.
seaship Leaguae of Alexandria has
been perfeoted ad made permaneil.
Johnny Phillips has been detained
at New Orleaps, charged with the
theft of some wine.
Shreveport has secured the Kasas
City, Pittsberg sad Gulf railroad sad
its car shops.
The teleophone compaey of Monroe
will begia the work of construction
' abb e! Clipe croPe are 4ookteg
Bae slam tse SI) n A;.ril *h9erw?
AN IMPORTANT CASE
IT COMES UP BEFORE THE
UNITED STATES COURT.
A Suit for am Estoppel-The Eureka
Chemical Company, of La Crease,
Sakes the Trouble.
Papers have been filed in the United
States court of the western district of
Wisconsin, by Tarrant & Kronshage.
attorneys for the Sterllng Remedy
company, of Chicago and New York.
in a suit for estoppel and damages
against an imitation of No-to-bac. the
tobacco habit cure. The action is
brought against a concern called the
Eureka Chemical company, of l.a
Crosse, Wis.
The principles involved in these
proceedings are of the utmost impor
tance to the proprietary interests of
America in general, and form in
many respects, a test case, the out
come of which will be carefully
watched by the many other important
manufacturing concerns similarly im
itated. Not only the question of imi
tation of name, trade-mark, form of
preparation and package, enter into
the case, but also the proposition
whether the actual advertising litera
ture used in establishing the publicity
o! a preparation can be stolen with
impunity, word for word, by an imita.
tor. The decision in this case will
settle one of the vital points in United
States trade-mark and copyright law.
-Madison (Wis.) Democrat.
Grass or Grace.
According to recent researches, the
phrase -*grass widow" is a corrup
tion of -"grace widow," which is a
term for one who becomes a widow by
grace or favor. not of necessity, as
by death. It originated in the earlier
days of European civilization, when
divorces were but seldom granted,
and then only by authority of the
church. When such a decree was
granted to a woman the rescript
stated: "Viduca de gratia," which
interpreted is -"widow of grace." A
woman receiving such a divorce was
commonly called -"a grace widow,"
and the transition to "grass widow"
was easy. This latter term is, in the'
United States, applied to a woman
whose husband has been away from
her a considerable length of time, or
who has deserted her. There is
reason in this. The lazy husband
lets his wife go to grass. On the
other hand, the lone widow may be
full of grace. She is never full of
grass.
About Wall.
From the Swiss meteorological rec
ores since 1883, Dr. C. Heiss finds
that hail is more frequent in valleys
than on mountains, that it occurs of
tener near marshes and in lake val
leys than over wooded country, and
that river valleys in the path of
thunder storms favor its formation,
while cultivated land and hilly forest
reduce the intensity of hail storms.
Mise "Progre..."
The colossal figure of "Progress"
which is to surmount the dome of the
city hall at San Francisco, 300( feet
above the street, will be twenty-two
and one-half feet in height, and rep
resents a female figure holding aloft
a torch. The model has been com
pleted by Marion Wells, the sculptor,
and will soon be cast
Snow Plow Clubs,
A new thing in women's clubs has
just been organized at Princeton, Me.
They call it the Snow Plow club and
its members are to hold teas, socials
and fancy fairs during the winter,
with the object of raising funds to
keep the streets and sidewalks clear'
of snow. *
Am 01d Gam"
Prof. Culls of the museum of arch
neology of the University of Pennsyl
vaals states that football originated
with the Chinese. The game was
popular ia China aid Japan as early
as the seventh or eighth century.
The latest issue of the Statesman's
Year Book gives some noew figures as
to the population of China and Japan.
Hitherto in eomparing the two couan
tries it has been the habit to credit
China with 500,000,000 and Japan
with 380,000,000. From the latest
estlmates, however, China proper huas
586,000.000, sad its dependenies
Manchuria, Mongolla, Thibet, Junga
ria ad Euast Turkeetna-inerease the
total to 402,880,000. The omcial
esauu of Japan, made in 1892, gives
the popalatle at 41,089,940, nearly
half of whih is credited to Central
Nippon.
Aatique eols for poreonal adorn.
meat are regularly quoted, sad thoue
moet commonly obtained arme quoted
at priees varyinag fr9oe P to $160.
The most valiable of ttoee coins are
those ia gold of 8yria, Egypt, and
Gresee from 500 to 11 yeaurs B. C.
Dosnm ools slane the Chritina era
ae quoted at from P30 to P76.
hats Wmor
TheSeravtr Lrnvtpd b MoCor
mIk in 1881 S) 1 so mproved r·4
that ltll s t yillat at ba d b aq
*i'* gslaig fertrav, MIauW.*