LOUISIANA POPULIST.
Subscriptiion. ~1.00 a Year. Tih~rc is No l'ree Country. Unless the People Rule. Price 5 CGcits.
VOL.111.1 NATCITClES, UISIANA, OCTOBER , 1896. NO. 7.
VOL.. tiI.I NA_'I'( '()IIT I S I,()UISIANA, OCTOBER ý, l_,(i. N(). 7%
People's Party Platform.
FOUNDATION I'IUNCI PLES.
First-That union or tole labor
forceaof the United States this day
,eolrnmmnated slhall he perImanent
and lwperltna;l. may its spirit enter
all heartts for the salvation of the
republic and the uplifting of uan
kind.
Second-Wealth weloin9s to him
who creates it, and every dollar
teken from industry without an
equivalent is robbery. ,If any will
nhot work, neither shall he eat."
The interests of rural and civic
labor are the same; their iuterests
are identical.
Third--We delieve that the time
has come when the railroad corpo
rations will either own the people
or the people must own the rail
roads, and should the goverumant
enter upon the work of owing or
managing any or all og the rail
roads, we shonld favor an wed
ment to the conmtitAtion by which
all persons segagatl in that govern
ment serviee shall be plidced under
a. civil service regulation of the
most rigid character, so as to I
prevent the increase of the power
of the national administration by
the use of such adJitional govern
m]ent employes.
FINANCE
First--We demand a national
eutrr.--icy-s:,[f., sound and flexible
- -'od 1, . f', genwral govern
S!'.t ,', .. º .ll , ail tender for
"' m: ts. .1 t  1nd p)rivate, and
t,, , ,",' the ume of banking
C.."orm ,nita'ble and
t,e ". t *, , m' cdistrilutiug di- F
: eC(,le: .t a tax nmtnt to
.,J . c" :e't per' annmmn to be
,,,, G, ' ',.r I ,.ti n ii the sub
. r:n,ly'v 'd-tU of the Farmners' Al
'iatc. or a het+er systemn ; also by i
e::,;fl:t:n in discharge of its obli- (
tIt,imns for public Ilprovemnents.
We demand the free and unlimi.
ttdl coinage of silver and gold at
tihe preseit legal ratio of 16 to 1.
We demtaund that the amlllllllut of
circulating medium be s;ºp'edIily in-.
r'c-tcns:l to trot les. than $50 4 er
We demand a gra.dmated income
We believe that the money of
the eountry should be kept as much t
as possible in the lhands of the lie
apie and hence we demnand that all
state asd national revenues shull
bi limited to the necessary expen
sea ot the government economical
ly and honestly administered.
We demand that the postal sa
vings bantk be established by the I
government for the safe deposit of 7
the elarnings of the people and to t
ia~cilitate exchange. .
TRANSPOiTATION.
S9econd.-Tlansportation being a
' anb! ro Uamatee and Ipublic ne
-e"t!y ºhe government should own
aumd operate time railroads in the A
interest f the people.
The telegrapl and the telephone, N
like the poet offce system, being b
sews, shoudk be omed  d o a
tedi by the Povsrams is the in
tast of fhi pesphe. P
''itd-The leads, ieleding allt
hes mas of wealth is the hli
e. lf wpralethip should o
...... ,i An I d IId now,
Sby rllad sad other epe
agedand aft leads nw ownd by
shelm esm btraelmgj orthe
ps Atrt aetual perpesue
PLUNK
DOWN A DOLLAR,
AND GET TIE
ARKANSAS KICKLR.
By W. S. Morgan & G. A. Puckctt,
Two-Hoss Editors.
Guaranteed~ to kick the stulting
out of all the hooloos, Imlnmp .s,
whoopers, cuckoos, cockneys, cl.
quers, doodle-bugs, despots, trim
mers, traitors and trumlweters for
plutocratic an.archy.
EIGHT. PAGES OF I1OT
STUFF EVERY WEEIK.
Arkansas politic.M is a warm ar
tide. Lots of delnocrlats in Arkan
sas yet-but the Kicker is after ema.
There's gwine to be a grand stain
pebe this year, and if you dont
read the Kicker you won't se ' tlhe
fuan
FOUR ACES AND THE
IJOKER
Can't be beat, Neither can the
KICKER.
Middel of the r.a l--heialuup and
he.'ls a-flying.
)Doa't umoa:key with the
BUZZ SAW
It goes with the Kicker-both
for $1.00. The snankiest road
team that ever stretches: a tuo.
W. S. Morgan, editor of the'N;
R. P. A. plate and ltealy Print
service, and the BUZZ-SAW, is
the "le.ld boss" of the combination
with G(o. A. Puckett on tother
end of the double-tree.
The ecowpe of the KICKER is
state, national, and international
educational, newsy, humorous, lit
erary, political and red-hot.
Address your letter to
BUZZ-SAW,
Hardy, Ark.
The Silver Kninht and
The National
Watchman
Senator William M. Stewart's
Great Weekly Newspa
per, Published at
Washington,
D. C.
Is now sseven-column eight-page
paper, published on a $17,500.00
Perfecting Press. It now has 83,
784 bona ide subscribers, and at
the present rate of increase will
reau the 250,000 mark within the
next ninety days.
Every issu ian W)ADED to the
muasze with Grape and Canister.
Every harge il aimed directly at
the Gold-gamblers, the Enemies of
American Liberty. NOW is the
time to smbsoribe. The Camr'paign
now co, ad no one'earn afford to
be without t. A Great National
Paper, pplshbed at the Nation's
Capitol, and giving all the Con
grseidnal New. Subseription
pri $1, 0 year. We want a
g--d, live Agent u every eomma
PSty. For Terms to Agents, ad
THEB ILVER KNIGHT PUB. tO.
1420 N. Y. Ave. N. W., Washing.
ton, D. 0.
-THE
Cause Cure
OUMAN AN!D ENGLISH.
i a meat tMr-two page
vsas, eetabiag alf report
a Mr. CeaPs hewring be
sab-Gomuittee.
Poatvtly the
mevwment It hIlty eaplns
.BaI aie the thee tn;
Itrul w pmOt'tl I
The State Normal School,
NATCIIITOCI1CS. LA.
Maintailned by the State for the training of
Teachers. Affords thorough prepara
tion for the profession of Teaching.
Full -course of Academic study, practical training in the art of
Teaching, one year of daily practice in model schools under
guidance of skilled training teachers. Class work ex
emplifies the best of modern thought in matter
and method of instruction.
Diploma Entiles Graduates to teach in any public school of
Louisiana without xamination.
Tuition free to Students who teach one year
after Graduation.
Entire Expense lor semsion of eight months, $110.
Twelfth Annual Session begins OCT. 1, 1896.
FOR CATALOGUE WVRIrE TO~
B. C. CA LD WELL, President.
OdTARRHAL DISEASE, A t6 AsnptIwm, as DeaerO
ed by Leading, RCfntt4f, Mldic Nl s.
A CATARRH OF THE HEAD CATAUNS OF THE B E80MOMAL TUBES.
Is the m prevalent form of Csert h Wh sI. r a tc e nHead ed Threat is
sa dS mrUolt om neglected cols, A Uaoked It s e  Dewsm te
T the breath bod Windpip Into ae 90020 Tbr
Do you spit p slime d a Int the 3 l)'e
Dc you ache all over ," . ad n Tan e ,At4bt iLuns -
Do you blow up seabs av- e you co
Is your nose stopped up . Are you loaaf g sh
Does your nose diharge. , .3 Do you soogh at amght
Does your nose bleed easily Do you take a oId -medly
Is there tickling in the throat IsIy a$e tat u&
Do crusts form in the nose Doy sough a !til
Is the nose sore and tender Ari yo M
Do you sneene a great deal Do you ra I materialm
Is this worse towards night Do you pt iate
Is there pain in front of head eDo u  R to bed
Is there pain across the eyes Doy Io t e rma•r m
Is there pain in back of head I 7or ad0 S ud ng
Ts your sense of smell leaving Do yes q _- ittle oh y lamps
Do you hawk to clear the throat b the a bhid the p
Is there a dropping in the throat ta
Is the throat dry in the morning Do you feel you gWrig "ake
Are you losingyour sense of tate t a ne  pm'n in W thoat
Do you sleep with your mouth open Do y o' h W a sl
Dog your nose stop up towards Do y have to its ua at to
caigh s  sr  - s es s. th .
Do your ae Is ts 8i ple sal dr
DATARRI SF Tll lmuNI
CA tAR Rre dry a AN. Catarr Do the l feel too s ithery
CaDorh Extend from the Thrat Along d brn ICs t.or ki O wdry ad hard
thve youthing Tubeh into the ea Iidas I.r dry and britthe hL
Cauing Defective Wiarng. - the Pd...r that Have Dow Absorbed
Is year hearing failing ferm Catarrk d Other OrCag
An the ears dry and scaly Do the legs feel too hay
Do the ears itch and burn L the ski dry a rd ha
Have ye pain behind the ears Is the heir dry and brittle
Is there trobbimg in the ean R the skin a look
Anr you a ea An they elid and slam
Do you haew rnging the ea the mre a ibe eti
A there g sonds had sthere a pmian t the of the
Is your hearing bad cloudy days bck
Do you costantly bhear osa nthe I the rin darn ad ooddy "
ear Are the eyes dull ad strng
Do you hear better some days than Do y hands ad feet wli
oth-rm Has the perspiration a bad odor
Do the noises i your ar keep you Ha ya au inop of had
awake I lso h mo ndar the eye
When you blow you nose do the lis sdesint!o t up at niht
ears crack Doses deposit form whea lea stand.
Is your hearing worse when yo go
have a cold Hnve yee a euy feeling dews the
CATARR OSF TM) LIVER.
The Liver IsAbsted b, tarrk Throug t ". "I
the Deie Uenadig fkern the bsrn- r & uAe hawd, throt, bree
A s late h, Tbete-UIr. @hil tas ad - a, nl distly
Are yea .rrb . bird •
Doeslm.tdiiny a!th the killedr I
Deyoasttind suily . I.
Hae yesa paiaitnhebaek *g** m
liver s n beqiskly sad perm snutsy ease asni the her~Ltadin. 3s m
used bhy ans pnt both eep ss pea WI. minine BeR7 bu
Aqdg*l Iedutae anement with S IJ· ge.eme y
s3.eamt be. of Swamp age Pills. wunsas. ominm .
Ta embatittat there ae he a *
s.atmikbrae m8wp1ul Prepnsr usep mpp gesr.S 50 '
demineysey saying are rede e gI, * sO
See that he ses Swamp Angel Inpq . GI 1
FOR SALE IN NATCHITOCHE'3 BY
Mc. K. Holston.
People's Part" Plat
form.
Full Text of tle cmt dopted
at St. Leaus.
The following is the platform and res
olutions adopted at St. Louis by
the People's Party Convention. Gen. "
B. Weaver being chairman of the corn
mittee on resolutions:
The People's party assembled in na
tional convention, reaffirms its al egi.
ance to the principles declared by the
founders of the republic, and also to the
fundamental principles of just govern
ment as enunciated in the platform of
the party in 1892, We recognize that
through the connivance of the present
and previous administrations the coun
try has reached a crisis in its national
ife predicted in our declaration four
years ago, and patriotic action is the su
preme duty of the hour. We realize
that while we have political independl
ence our financial and industrial indc
pendence is yet to be attained by res
toring to our country the constitutional
control and exercise of the functions
necessary to a people's government.
which functions have been basely sur
rendered by our public servants to cor
rupt monopolies. The, influence of the
Republican money changers has been
more potent in shaping legislation than
the voice of the American people, ex
ecutive power and patronage have been
used to corrupt our industries and
defeat the will of the people, and
plutocracy has been enthroned upon the
ruins of )emocracy. To restore the
government intended by the fathers and
for the welfare and prosperity of this
and future generations, we demand the
establishment of an economical finan
cial system which shall make us masters
nf our own affairs and independent of
European control, by the adoption of
the following declaration of principles
FINANCES
01. We demand a national money,
safe and sound, issued by the general
government only, without the interven
tion of banks of issue, to be a full legal
tender for debts, public and private, and
a just, equitable and efficient means of
distribution direct to the people and
through the lawful disbursements of the
government,
2. We demand the free and nnre
stricted coinage of silver and gold tt
the present legal ratio of 16 to 1, with
out waiting for the consent of foreign
nations,
8. We demand the volume of ciren
lating medium be speedily increased to
an amount sufficient to meet the de
mands of the business population of
this country and to restore the just level
of prices of labor and production.
4. We denounce the sale of bonds
and the Increase of the public interest
bearing bonded debt made by the present
administration, an unnecessary and with
ant authority of law, and demand that
no more bonds be issued except by ,a
specific act of congress.
5. We demand such legal legislation
a will prevent the demonetization of
the lawful money of the United States
by private contract.
. We demand that the government
in payment of its obligations shall use
its option as to the kind of lawful mre
sy in which they are to be paid, antad we
lenounce the present and preceeding
administrations! for surrendering this
ption to the holders of government oh
gautions
G7. We demand the graduated income
asx, to the end that aggregated wealth
hall bear its just proportion of taxation,
md we denounce the'decision of the
upreme court, in relation to the income
ax law, as a misinterpretation of the
oustitution and an Invasion of the
i-bttul powers of congres over the
abjeet of taxation.
8. We demand that postal savings
-aks be established by the government
or the safe deposit of the people and
o fecilitate exchange.
TRANSPORTATION.
1. Transportation being the means of
xchange and a public necessity the gov
urment should own and operate the
allways in the interest of the people
ad on a nonpartisan basis, to the end
hat all may be accorded the same treat
ment in transportation, ana that the
anny and political power now exer
by the great railroad corporations,
rhich result in the impairment, if not
he destruction, of the political rights
I the citiseen, may he destroyodl. Such
wnership is to be accomplished gradt
in a manner consistent with sround
2. The laterest of the United States
a the public highlways built with public
money and the prceeds of extensive
rants of land to the lPacik railways
hould never be aleinated, mortgaged
r sold, but guarded and proected for
he welfare as provided bythe laws or
anidnlg seh railways The for~eles
re of the existing liens of the United
tates on these roads should at once fol
w default in the payment of the debt
f the companies and at the foreclhsure
les of said roads the government shall
suchase the same if it becomes aseens
r to protect its interests therelna or if
bay can be purchbased at a reasonable
ria; and the government shall operate
aid rallways as public highways for
he benefit of the whoet and not in the
tereast of the few, under sauitable pro
isions for the proteti of life and
toperty, .lvn to all transportation
aterests and pruvll e aul rates for
ares and frebL.
8. We deasame the pemat inamous
obemes for refuandlag thse debts and
emnd that the laws now applcable
hereto be ex·caed and adatalsred
oardinlg to their true latest and spiri.'
4 Thetelerapth ik the po*moloe
stem, benlg a aesenity for r tran
aimo. of news, shosld h owned anad
rae of the pople.
SBEFORM PRESS OF LOUISI
The (Comnradl. '.Vinni~eidt, Li.
7;. li. ailcy, Elitor.
Progr'essive Age, Ruston, La.
E. F. \Varren, Editor.
Lonisiatna Populist, `Natchitolches,
I1. L. Brian, Editor.
Alliance Farmer, Homer, La.
\V. C. Flynt, Editor.
Lakeside Review, L:~keside, Lf.
J. F. & N. L. Millehr, Editors
People's D)emands, Col lf x, ,l:.
J. E. E. lInn, Editor.
The People's Friend, le'sv\ille, L:I.
L. L.L. McAlpin, Editor.
Farmerville Herahl, ,"'.anrville,
IH. T. JohnsoI, Editor.
The New Road, Lake ('lharhles. La.
Mac. ilowery, Editor.
The Olla Signal, Olla, i..
A. I,. liaudlev. Editor.
The People's Call, Amite C'ity, L,a.
Elzry Dees, E litor,
Banner of Liberty, Minden, L:t.
'eople's Publi'ng Co., ln:':1
People's Party Tribune, \Va'shing.
'on, La. J. 11, Humble, Edi'r,
Calcasieu Reforimer, Oberlin, La.
(. H. Poor, Editor.
Grand Cane Beason, GrandI Cane.
W. A. Gibreth, Editor.
LANI).
01. The tru polic·y detanti; that mI:,
tionall state legislation shall I. s;ulc'lt
as will ultim:ately enable every pi-,rvi.
dent and industrious eitizen ti elar',' a
home, and therefore the land shou..lI not
be monopolized for spencul:ttive purplsel,i.
All lands being held by railway, aind
other corprations in excess of their ac
tual needs, should by lawful means be
reclaimed by the government and hlld
for actual settlers only, and private land
monopoly as well as alien ownership
should be prohibited.
S. We condemn the frauds by whi:ch
the land grants to the Pacific railw~ay
companies have through the connivance
of the interior department roblsed mul
titudes of egual mina tisde settlers of their
homes and miners of their claims, an I
we ddmainl legislation by congress which
will inforce the exurnption of mineral
lands from such grants after as well as
before patent.
I. We demand that bona fide seltters
on all public lands be granted fri'
homes, as provided in the nation:al
homesteal law, and that no exemption
be made in the case of Indian reserva
tions when opened for settlement, a:nd
that all lands not now patened come unj
der this demand.
DIRECT LEGISLATION!
We favor a system of direct legisla
tion through the initiative and referen
dum under proper constitational safe
guards
GENERAL, PROPOSITIONS
1.- We demand the election of presis
dent, vice president and United States
senators by a direct vote of the people.
2. We tender to the patriotic people
of Cuba our deepest sympathy In th,
heroic struggle for political freedom and
iudependence. and we Ibelieve the timei
has come when the United States, th
greatest republic of the world, should
recognize that u('m as, and has a right
to be, a free and inlpepondoent stags.
8. We favor home rule in the terri
tories and the district of Columbia an-I
early admission of the t.,rritories as
states.
114. All public salaries should be ma:la
to correspond with the price of labor an i
its products.
5. In tienms of great industrial de.
pression. idle labor shouhld l : employedl
on public works as far as jpracticalle.
6. The arbitrary course of the courts
in assuming to imprison eiti~tzns fir in4
direct contempt should is prtmvont.dr I)'b
proper legislation.
7. We f:avor just pension, for ou-r
disabled Union shlliers.-.
8. HBelieving that the clective fr-n
chise antI an untraln:n -lel Iallot, ar, es
sential to a governtuent of, for and I;.
tile' Ipople, tha Pelple's party conldern *
the wholesale systemt of dlis(ranc!his
ment alopt&l in .nane states us unre
publican andl unldemocaratic, andl we Io
clare it tm Ib the duty of the nsever;al
state legislatures * take such .action .:
will secure a full. free and fair Iallot
and an honest cront.
9, While the foregoing propositions
constitute the platform upon which our
partv stands, and for th, vindication of
which its organization will be maintain
ed. we reognixo thatthe great and pres
saug Issue of the pending campaign. up
on whleh the present presidential elnh
tion will turn, isa the financial questio,t.
Ud upon the great and specilic, issue Ibe
tween the parties we eorliallv invite
the aid and co-operation of all orgar
iastions of etizens agfreeing with us
unon this vital otestion.
A man abonld never write a love
letter in a lIe ue that he has nhr
fully mastered. A Cferman en
tleman residin2 in England recent
ly wrote to his helovedtl : "Dnmtrest,
the thoughts of you aro.my daily
feed.
- - - * * ------
Grasshoppers contain formic ac
id worth sixty cents miounce.