THE WEEKLY POPULIST
P|'l;LISHIE1) EVERY I HRIDAY lY ITHE
NATCIIITot) ES i ' l-il.IýllING Ct-.
Ek;I1 :ID.L Al TDE NArdTcIrTCHIFs Po.r
{FFI('E AS SEit 4(NICLI.A0S MATTFR.
11. }'. M A (']H EN`. ldit ,i & 1Ps. M\ : ,nager
II. L. llRIAN, - - A o4 i:t ] E litor.
1V. If LATIIAM, - ' ,'r1l i .
StI': (' I '7l'4 ION-'- ne , '.: ............... 1 nou
" i , M.,.,, M . ............. r
" I ,,,,, \l,,,h ............... 41
A l AERTISIG A TES.
.t ll 1 n 7 1d' 1 . rI i^_ 7e0) 1Q 0N, I 1 '
4il4) 4, . ', 4It 44o 15 4' 27 44o .'0 "(4
24 440,h 1i nr I," 0 4' 17lo ' 104, :'(4 . (,l
6 inIr I .. 1 1 1- 4 lM 144 1. 0 4n 40 0 40 4
in h, h , R .1 0 ." ( 1 04 7; 014 14 4 ),4
C l 1ill, fi I. n 72 4) 4 (N4 7; o 4, 4o4
I 4'hlll4 l 4o n)0 7,4 (40 55 .4 G.65 01 14-0 (44
Trans.l"i t ...ivr'tt-, ni -l.ft $1 p.4r 4n,4'al4 4 (l 4t i,
p 'ertjI, 4n 1t l isa ,ti 4lme tll4 4l4 t l e1ll ,l4l.ll ('th s ( rll
41)<,r ial or legal adve+rnlensnte. $1 pet wtuare
i onrt 44n4 tt41 44 ll44 . 4 14 l4( 4 ulli ll·4 i ta 4 t ] .4 4 ll4
Editorial noti 0 s. fMitt in4.4t4ion. 15 c. nt per
line; 4 l sque41 nti'4 V 10 nuts p|'r li4 n..
I o unI ato l nI( ai r  ll 41 tu t"4 , b4ut we will not be
lre1t4 p1+i hlh, f ,r any i1"w - th.'4r4iu ex }pre "led.
Addre , nil ( Cntrn4 llni4 atiunfls t o the 1Jt ille+S
I I.an a e l. (ounnunllla) llt s 11 s1 b" a4 lit ill by
Monda.
(' m'.nkn irntiona int. ,'.w- fr plublication Mhould
he aecollpanied Ihv t4. real as w ell as the ansunmed
ain4t. of the author. n4t1 for public'at4lit but a4 an
ei4idence of gwl tfaith on th. part of it4 l w riter.
A failltr w (to so will tcowign thenm to the waste
basket.
FRII)DAY, Septe nber 21. 1894.
People's Party Candidate
FOR ('ONGRESS
OF THE FouRTHT CONGRESSIONAL
DISTRICT OF LOUIISIANA,
HON. B. W. BAILEY,
OF WINN.
TO THE PUBLIC:
Messra. W. H. Latlham1 and W. 1I.
Areanx are authorized to solicit and con
tract for advertisenments, jobl work and1
sulbscriptions, an!d iany contracts made by
them will he fully recoguized and carried
out by na. Trnsting that the people may
give us a liberal nupply of their patron
age we promise in return to endeavor to
laske all business relations ileasant.
DON'T FORGET
That C. VINCENT will ad
dress the people of Natchitoches
on the vital issues of the day
next Monday, Sept. 24th, 1894.
Everybody should turn out to
hear him.
Attention People's Party Men !
We hero give the resolution by
which the Democratic party has
fixed the status of its voters and
say that it is the same old political
feat that has controlled the people
by the use of the party lash for the
last twenty-five years. We want
to ask the people of this country
to look at the absurdity of going
to a primary election and obligat
ing yourselves to vote for a man
when you have not the remotest
idea who he will be. We ur
gently request all those who desire
to be in a condition to exercise
their freedom on the day of elec
tion to stay away from the polls on
the 6th day of October, 1894. In
order that all may read the-resolu
tion, we print it as follows:
4th nasOLton .
That only known white Democtats,
who are qualflied electors, under the
laws of the State of Louisiana1 and who
will support the Demoeratre nominee
for Congress of this primary election
shall be entitled to vote in said primary
election.
We want all People's party men
to read it, and advise others of the
great importance of this question.
Let us go to the election in Novem
ber next uas freemen, not tied hand
and foot.
W. C. P. Breckinridge, of Made
line Pollard fame, was defeated in
the Democratic primary for Con
greaes.in Kentucky last Saturday.
He was beaten by W. C. Owens by
a majority of over 900.
Gov. Foster lays that he hs
crused too hard for the Demo
eratie party to permit it to go into
the Repulblian party. We suppose
"Mlrphy" has reference to the
secis he had with that ballot box
i Nt. s ry pyrih.
SThe Democratic party has'been
driving the people along in ita
ranks until the people have become
too well edasted to follow it any
eibr, un itm is trying to drag
hme into the Republican party.
Will they sEar themselves to be
aW eliatols of in the interest of the
rY.
444
The Sugar Planters Denounced.
On Friday night, Sept. 14th,
pur.suant to previous call. about
on' hundred persons a-semlcled in
the co(,urt houtse. The obj'ect lbeing
to take soile action IV the demo
!'rats of Natchitoches against the
action of the sugar planters for
bolting the Demuocratlic party. The
meeting v as organized by calling
Ion. 1). C. S;carborough to the
chair andl Mr. U. 1'. Ilreazeale as
r.e.retarv. Me .rs. M. II. Carver,
D)rauguet atnd Fuua. each intro
ducted a set of resolutions. After
cousideral'hle (discussion on 1,oth
sides the resolution of MIr. l)ran
guet was laid on the table andi the
other two were submitted to
Messrs. (arver, Fulqlua and lurea
zeale, w ho after conferring for a
short time reported to the meeting
a set of resolutions which were
adopted by a vote of twenty-four
out of the persons present, only
ten voting against it, many having
left before the final vote was taken.
Among the speakers who ad
dressedl the meeting there was
considerable dissension as to where
the Democratic party as at present
constituted "is at." One of the
speakers captured the motto of the
People's party, "Equal rights to
all and special privileges to none,"
and made it humn as the time-hon
ored principles of the grand old
I)emocratic party. lie failed how
ever, to say anm thing about HIave
meyer of the sugar trust, the Na
tional banks, the money trust, the
Nova Scotia and other coal trusts,
the standard oil trust, the bagging
trust, the poterty trust of the cot
ton planter, or any other trust that
can not live without special legisla
tion to foster them, and that the
Democratic party had been in
power for two years and yet these
special privileges continue. We
suppose the gentleman forgot to
tell us why.
When the meeting was called to
order Mr. E. J. Gamble introduc
ed a resolution asking that a two
cents a pound bounty be placed on
cotton.
We have not the space to publish
the entire proceedings, but will
give the resolutions below which
we look upon as being an attempt
to curtail the right of the Ameri
can citizen to vote as he pleases :
'.Resolved, That we denounce the ac
tion of the said sugar planters as selfish
unpatriotic, and dangerous to the best
interests of the State, as well as the coun
try, at large, and that we- wish the world
to know that the said planters do not
speak for the people of the entire State,
but represent a few hundred bounty-fe d
sugar planters who have not the manhood
to rely for their support on their own ef
forts; that the masses of the people of
Louisiana will remain true to the Demo
cratic party, because they are Democrats
on principle and not forplunder, and we
take this occasion to reiterate the declar
ation of the Democratic platform that
the Republican system falsely called pro
tection is really robbery, and we go
further cand say that all pretection.
whether incidental or for its own sake,
is robbery, and we will never be satisfi
ed till every vestige of it is stamped out
of our laws and we crystalize into a
statute the glorious principle of 'Equal
rights to all and special privileges to
none.'
"Be it further resolved, That we here
by instruct our Congressman to vote for
a free traue Speaker In caucus, and to
abide by the action of the Democratic
caucus on the tariff question, and call
on all the candidates for Congress from
this district to define their position on
the tariff question in clear and unmista
kable terms."
Coming Out at Last.
Mr. Kernochan, a leading Demo
crat of the State of Louisiana, and
one whom'we suppose is good au
thority, publicly stated in a speech
at Point a-la-IHachi, that the Demo
cratic party "took away without
compunction, the bounty fairly
earned by our (the sugar planters)
solemn contract with the govern
ment, but gave a bounty by way of
tariff exemption to Hawaii, of over
S6,000,000 a year." Our readers,
no doubt remember that Haver
meyer, king of the great sugar
trust, has a controlling interest in
the production of sugar in Ha
wail, which accounts for his ma
king such heavy donatiom to
hitieal parties to iaflumeo
tion. This bit of information
would never have been made pub
lic had not the Democrats fell out
among themselves. Go on gentle
men, we are anxious to hear from
you. Now we want to' ik all
thinking men to seriously consider
these questions; what hope is there
for this eountry so long as such
oduect ia permitted t If this is
Democracy, God deliver this conn
try from any more of it.
THE USUAL DECEPTION.
The iMorehonuse Clarion Ilnler
the he:tAlimes. "A Nuest Trick
Plaved lby Texas l )emocrats." gives
the followking Washington dlispatch
to the Times I)eimoerat :
W '.IlNscT'rN. Sept. 10-The Deinmcra
tic con]gre-inial collmmlittee had an inter
esti ,g letter to- lay fr'omi T'exas. -ho, -
Ing ihow the I)eni'rat of the Lone Star
State meet anId or\( er tlt'he arIl lllu'llt s
and wiles of their T ii'nt-, the' ioptu
lists. It appleiar that the liiin erat
had 1ein conlilerallyv enlarra--ed by
the atitacki whi,. the l'Iopulisti have
Ibeen ltaki ngR on tlhe ei)(enio rati record
Ion the tu ).n-t:ay' que-tion. 'Thi- is a
vital issue iln "iTexas. and the Populi. t.(
have bIleen llsing 4 i ll iioppoi( rtunlity to x
plain to the people what little rtecard
the Denn, ratie pairty• has for lhii,-tfall
isin. The'ly liave rtintifi'rid th 'ir argu
melitit b caIliing attetinloI to the fact
that there werte ini silver illars in c.ir
culatin in Telxas of the .late of 11,94,
and t iey state I that ith th i had not been
any silver dollar- coinild Ir the D)emuo
'ratiC administration since.( the repeal of
the silker puri'ha.nig ilausne of the Sher
man act. This kind of worried warfare
worried the Demoiirat, not little until
Mr. Win. T. Arnii-tad, of Jetlerson,
the chairman of the )Demoiicratic coluntv
commiiittee, lit uIpotn a plan to cirenum-
vent the eniiinv. lie sent $500 to the
Mint at New Orleans with the requilest
that that number lf silver dollars of the
present year sh ouild Ihe returnedI to hlim.
his order was tilled, and the 500 silver
dollars were distribuited around amolng
the Democratic leaders of that and the
adjoinin counties. Mr. M Armi-tead. of
course, being reinbur-ed for his outlay.
Armed with these coins the Democrat-,
circulated amonllig the Populists and
among those who had, attended the 'o
puliktie meetings and casually reiquested
the exchange of a dollar bill for a silver
dollar. This requisite being gladly
complied with, the Democrat would
suggest that the date of the coin shiould
be noted. The effect was instantaneous
and the news spreadl ra pidly that the
Democratic administration was still
coining ,ilver dollars. * * *
This trick was played in Ala
hana or at least was attempted and
soon exploded, and we do not be
lieve that the Populists of TeXas
were deceived by it to the extent
claimed. We publish bllow direct
authentic evidence produced by the
Democratic party with the view of
discrediting a report that it (the
Democratic party) was friendly to
silver. The national Democratic
party is opposed to silver under
any circumstances, and 'Mr. Car
lile is very careful to establish the
fact. Read carefully the following
correspnondence :
Campaign Thunder Exploded.
Special to The Times-DemocraS
wASHINGTON, Sept. 12.-Secretary
Carlisle has addressed a letter to Con
grossman Heard, of Missouri, upon the
subject of the coinage of silver dollars
since the passage of the bill repealing
the pureha.ing clause of the Sherman
act. Republican newspapers have been
attempting to make party capital out of
the fact that such coinage is still being
continued by the Treasury Department
and they have charged that this was be
ing done purely for campaign purposes
in order to convince the Populists and
other silver people that the administra
tion is still friendly to the white metal.
They have apparently forgotten that,
while the clause of the so-called Sher
man act which provided for the purchase
of silver bullion has been repealed, the
other sections of khat act are still in
force. The Secretary's letter is as fol
lows :
Treasury Department,
Office of the Secretary,
Washington. Sept. 10, 1894.
"Hon. John T. Heard, Hone. o( Representativee:
DEAR SIR-Referring to our personal
interview this morning, Ihave the honor
to say that the mints at New Orleans,
Philadelphia and San Francisco are en
geged in coining standard silver dollars
from the bullion purchased under the
act of July 14, 1590: commonly known
as the Sherman law. During the month
of July 8430.000 were coined, and dur
ing the month of August 6728,000.
About the same amount will be coined
during the present month (September),
and thereafter such amout will be coin
ed as the Secretary may consider advis
able under the circumstances.
The third section of the act of July
14, 1890, provided that the Secretary of
theTreasury should coin each month in
to standard dollars 2.000,000 ounces ol
the silver bullion purchased under the
provisions of that act until the 1st day
of July. 1891, and thereafter he should
coin of the silver bullion tIrehased un
der the provisions of the act as much as
might be necessary to provide for the
redemption of the treasury notes issued
in payment for the bullion, and that any
gain or seignioralge arising from such
coinage should be accounted for and paid
into the treasury. The coinage now ge
ing on is done under the authority con
ferred by this section of the law, and
the seigniora~e derived from it be lmisd
into the public treasmury, as required by
law, and used for the ordinary pusposes
of the government: but the remainder
of the coins are held in the treasury in
order to provide for the redemption of
the treasury notes issued in payment for
the bullion.
During the last eleven months 8,970,
727 standalrd silver dollars coined from
the bullion purchased under the act of.
July 14, 1890. have been paid out in the
redemption of treasury notes and thre
notes so redeemed have been retired and
canceled. This process is still going on
daily. Prior to my connection with the
department no silver had been paid out
for the redemption of such notes, and
none of 'sach notes had been retired and
canceled
Very respectfully yours.
RJ.LG. C IAR LE.
This conclusively shows the tres
ury department is only coining sil
ver to redeem- the silver certificates
isued.in payment for the bullion
andl that when the, certificates are
redeemend they are (lestroyedl. tntt
not anolther dollattx is being I.t !to
eirculation. lust such "tri..ks" as
thes.e slhow what straights 11.' mnltl
emrn so,-cal l lc lIeu'lo ind I )eo
Rlepuhlican pl'rty is redo u.vd to.
Jlust such jtl l cery shoiuld Iw damn
ed by every thinking mian in the
(olllnt ry.
Going to the People's Party.
N OLNw ()rL,,s. Sep't. 17, IP,9-1.
The parish executive conmmitt ee
of the Plco,le's party was called to
order at Knight of Labor Hall at
sp. Im., 'by I. 1). \iltde. chair
mani. unlder the follow ing cil:
PA.ltISlil 'XE('UTIVI: C('OIMITTEII:
PEOPLES 1AU lY. .
Nl.w ()I:1.wANs. A ml. . .21, 1-0-4.
This c(onulinitte : ill Iw'vet at
Knights of 1,.lier Hail, 2,.) (Canal
t-reet. \Ion(day (evcnin,,, Selptem
Iter 171 h. at half-l)ast seen (o'clock.
for tlithe ppose of tilling vacan1cies
and the consideration of nlatter'
pertailulln to C')ongressitonal actiloni
n111 the tirst co)ngressi(onal (li rict.
All citizens favoring our princi
ides are rqcluestcd to attend anti
exercise their right in the selection
of a first district co)n,uresional
commlittee and take part in the
Inomination of a :eanditdate. should
such (onmmittee, after its formation,
so order, bty mass mIlleting.
R. D. WILE.'
F. J. PORTIER. (hairmnan.
Sec'retarv.
It was decided to allow the chair
lman to fill vacancies at his leisure,
as it is expected there will be much
good material to shlect from in the
rel)resentatives of labor organiza
tions which will meet to take po
litical action.
The call being one of the people
it was decided that they being the
supreme power, could defer the
regular organization of a first dis
trict committee and vest its lpow
ers in the parish colnmmittee until
they saw fit to organize.
The committee of eight from
the open meeting of The Industrial
Legion having issued an addlress to
the different labor organizations,
and having been diseharged the
following well known labor repre
sentatives issued a call in order to
unite as far as po)ssible, all labor
organizations in the conmmon cause
of reform.
It was then agreed to defer all
action until October 2nd, in order
if possible, to unite with labor or
ganizations, and agree upon a can
didate standing squarely upon the
principle of organized lalbor.
Speeches were then made Iby rep
resentatives from different labor
organizations who were present as
invited guests, after which a com
mittee of eleven was appointed by
the Chairman to act in conjunction
with the labor organizations.
R. D. WILl)E,
E. J. POTIER, Chairman.
Secretary.
Sugar Bounty Paid.
W'ASIIIGTON, Sept. 10-The re
port of the action of the sugar
planters' convention in New Or
leans, favoring an alliance with the
Republicans, calls attention to the
sugar bounty. The records show
that during the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1894. payments of boun
ty aggregated $12,090,899, of
which $11,114,290 was on the cane
sugar. Of the bounty on cane su
gar $10,868,894 was paid in Louis
lans and $223,664 in Texas.
Figures on the acreage for the pre
ceding year show that in Louisiana
the bounty average $47.52 for each
acre of cane and in Texas $37.60.
It is believed the average in Louis
iana for the year ending June 30,
1894, will be $53.
Mr. Kernochan, a leading Demo
crat of Louisiana, openly in a
speech at Point a-la-hache, on the
12th inst., among other things,
said: "Of course the negro ques
tion has been brought up, but that
score won't work. Democratic
Governor elect Oates, of Alabama,
was elected by the black counties
against Populist Kolb, who carried
the white counties-this is a direct
adjmission that the intelligent white
i people are leaving the Denmocratic
party, and that they are going into
the People's party. It is also proof
that the Democratic leaders of
southern Louisiana were insincere
when they fell behind the old cry
of negro dominsation to prevent the
I passage of a reform election law."
THE' POPULISTS.
They Nominated a Candidate tor
Congress in the Sixth District
I.ATi' , ls't 1 :,'t , : Ira., .g ,t,'idI,.:
i -- T h, - 1 ' ,lo ,tlists ,t tl, ,i.th
('o ,gi re-. -.an' I i1, -.tlrict h, tt .t I 'Ic
vieniti, i, hers itlo-da a II(I nfllsiilated(
Miajior 3. R \. \Wiloin, of -I. Lan
dr,\, for l'(ongllr ... '1'h( Th i mtet " (
'as pre-is'h. al\ rl" t is .J 1,. ' Kl.tin
l t,'r of thi. par i.h, % itl' -(' (n
i ri-hess 's it I aioutl fiorLv t lh'ht:tet
ii'rtºe lltnt' dl. A.u ex's ecuti\ caIto
Ilittll'. si :th a inms nuler frusi ,'ah!s
of the ItLii'rtlcn piu'rishss of the sli
tri'ict. was appointedi and re-oli
tis dIcilno)tiin I iloth the tchI ldi
ti'al ilsa: tie'.. I'clarini fs.' free,
Itades', fres' c,)inag of ,.ilv'r and a
free I allot. and a fair count were
adopted.
Why h"ou Should Vole NWith 1(1
People's Party.
'The I)emocratise 1 ,ugar planteris'
of South Louisian:t say that it
would l1w a uiiselss absurdIlity to
elect a Democrat to congress indi
vidually pledged to support any
measure tlhat is not incrorotted I
in the I)emoeratie plathformi. lBtm
in order to get sr. teetion, a :traight
out Republiean iust Ihe elected on
the Relpuhlican ticket, and for that
reason, it is neces'sary that they
(the sugar planters) go into the
Re)publican party in order that
their congressilan lmay v'ote for a
Speaker sof the house friendly to
their cause, and nmay also keep
fromn under the influences osf l)em
ocratic caucusses. Now this is ex
actly what we have been telling
our friends who agree with us i'
our principles, but contend that the
reforms we advocate should Is. car
ried out in the l)emnocratic ranks.
This is a mistake, the Democratic
party of to-day is opposing an in
crease in the circulating medium,
and therefore to send a Democrat
to congress who will have his hands
tied by a Democratic caucus, both
as to the election of Speaker and
upon all questions, would be an
absurdity.
This is a serious question, and
we trust all those who favor re
form will carefully consider it, and
vote for a man who will not have
his hands tied by at caucus of men
who now lead the Democratic party
of to-day.
Professional Complexion of the
United States Congress.
SENATE.
64 lawyers.
6 bankers.
10 merchants.
1 doctor.
21 merchants and manufacturers
8 editors.
5 doctors.
2t farmers.
25 assorted.
CANE RIVER, Sept. 15, 1594.
ED. POPULIST:
In the Enterprise of Sept. 13th, I find
the following: "On August 28th, 1893,
three of the ten Populists in the House
voted with the Republicans against free
and unlimited coinage of silver, at the
ratio of 17 ito 1, and even, headed by
Pence and Simpson sat in their seats and
declined so vote."
It seems at that the Enterprise wants to
tnfairly create the intpression that' the
People's party is opposed to free silver.
The People's party is advocating the free
and nnlimited coinage of silver at the
ratio of sitteen to one, thereby maintain
ng the ratio that has been successfully
la use for the period of eighty years,
(from 1792 to 1872) and has always serv
ed the people faithfully, and for this ra
tio (16 to 1) the Populists voted solidly.
Why does the Enterprise fa 1 to give the
vote of the Democratic party on the ra
tio mentioned, if it claims the measure
as a good one. In the vote on the free
coinage of silver at the ratio of sitters to
ene, 115 Democrats voted with 112 Re
publicans against it: while 11 Populists
voted for it; and on the ratio of serer
tees to one, 118 Democrats voted with
110 Republicans against the bill. Why
single out the Populist and try to create
the impression that they were derilect in
their duty when they were in reality
right, and if the Populists were wrong,
as the Enterprise would lead the people
to believe, why not show that the
Democrats were wrong, and hy an over
whehning majority.
Let us have fair statements ansd yon
.-ill never hesar s grsumble, but t1.,n't
garble iup a res-srd to s-reast ;s I'~se ins
preesion. Such stutf might hl:sv fools-d
t the people a few years ago, but they are
IIn int I g I i i t i t' n , l ,. ,, il.
it T ," r i. tt 1. t ,- 1 t l, gI +\
iih,:I)(mIitii I tu iest tig ag.utitst the I ii..
, ruts who tiot-,l ,Vih the i Ii ,,1 I II
:nita tlno o L t ln r t til, lllut" l +prl, :..
In favor ..1 the l :111.1 T1tiiiti e. they
e ill Of l , to:t l i llt urt , If wn tillo n1
tha i . eatb er ci rnti nlt- . tl 1i1 t lit u,
(110.nt.lltf th . year. ei prc iit ti tial coI tlM
Itht (t' f olloER
i" ire le lts will r , ti- letr h i .
0. Ilrr l in who hll i s 11e,.. n cilnl ttila itk
PI ,'t ;i.-i l froml ti Iil, tlo Fime. thvtl
\\ill sh e, lhsui tio tier t r, fe t ielltin
ltheat r. Rl . L, Lisn s tuit. e J nto. i
+ht, ll t ,,-, t,, i- "l., i ..!. y t, ,, int it s
viol on till Ilirtuial is.e- ti , . ED.
ter i an of I to w n.: u Iix ss i-rl tt her if
J'tie'1 w Iv of ruiti tirtitite t is they
TeI~pelillv ii hein taima sfon, trr g-11ti%
in t lh idn himso .stii:. some if 1"ie
Mo.tgomery Duts.
•"a on if the year. we pred iwt a.n ,rtily
ioust to follow
We are pleased to learn tlh rr IN"
o. llarrisn who hr s been onl tlep hick
li t for (,,vral iweeks is improving anf
trint she u ill soon I, rnetured to health.
Messrs e. R. e L ails nd Jno. d1 Ma
('a.in, of toh n. ,nind setloral other. if
werd even le ft Mondaly nmorning for
i'ite ta. to ls e as jlrods of thls court.
r'he waly of thi, traingressor is hard,
esipeciall wtien a ward se Vet, we irorget
in l.ehand htim, so s.,ays some of the
criminals.
Prof. W. A. Fortson has completed his
termin of school at ollege 11il and left
this week for Claillorne pari h his form
friendsowhile in this section, and it is
er in oulr pariTh ald as a friend and
Aitizen. It is rumored that there is some
probability of him taking another school
in this section this fall, but we venture
the assertion. that there arey attractions
in old Claiborne that will keep hinm
there: 'Nuff ced.
The PoPrLISr is a welcome visitor tb
Montgomery by nearly all who were
subscribers to The Mail, and many are
the kind and encouraging wortds we
hear spoken of it.
At the two last meetings of our Chris
tian Association at this place, we failed
ton have a quorum present. This was due
to the fact that on Sunday the 9th inst..
a large per cent of the members attend
ed serr aces at St. Marice, anti on Sun
day the 16th ins' , quite a number had
not returned from Colfax, where they
had gone to attend an entertainment.
Every member is urgently rtequested tot
of importance to attend to. o
Montgomery was well represented at
the Colfax entertainment last Friday
night. All report a nice time, except the
hall was two small to accotunodate all
present.
The Democratic primaryn election will
soon he on hand for the purpose of
nominating a candidate to run against
Icon. B. W. Bailey, the Populist radi
date. We urge all ',eople's party men
to have noiting to do with the deauocra
ti primary; you cannot be a Populisl
and Democrat at the same time. It is
not consistent, and it seems trickey to
try thae both, so hands off, and let the
demiorats do their own votinm, it will
show up the strength of the white dem.
puratic voters on the 4th, district,
which is something we would all like tR
We rept.t very much to learn of thea.
7prious lln of Ms. J. W. Bruce.Dyson.
Sept.and that she may so-Uion he out aga.house,
7 p. in., T. J. (uice.
rSept. 2tBailey may not bence cha grad-ch,
11a. te, but you can bet your last dol-J.
Seplar that .f he goes to Congress thp. .,
, T. J. G(uice and G. W. Bruce.
Sept. 26th--Jione a' chool house10 a. .,
Tp. m., G. W. Bruce.(ic.
Sept. 26th--ateUnios school houserig, 10 a.
7 p. m., T. J. Guice.
Sept. 27th--Providence churchrrove, T. J.
uica. m.,atG(;. W. Bruce and T. J.
CouSept. 27th-, Coushatta, 7 p. m.Vicen
and . .Guie and G. W. Bruce.
SepOct. 21th-Pates Springs, 10 a.
Guic.,e arUd it. an. Bruce.
October 9th-Grand onsteRally atr
Coushatta, 10 a. m.cch, Prof. Vicen,
.and 1. 1'. Bailey.
Octbe. 10th-Pates Spring, 10 a.
mi., Prof. Vincent and iL. I. Bati
October 2tth--Grand Monster Batkin
lbentu trovidenrie church, a. niley
eB. W. B railey, lon. II. h. Bri n
October l i3th--Artadely, 10 Ia.
ly at Couisliatt, ,ldlge M. '. I k
chen anti J. A. Tetts 1sq.
/