LOUISIANA POPULIST.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $1.00 A YEAR. There is No Free Country, Unless the People Rule. PRICE, 5 CENTS.
VOL. II. NATCHITOCHES, LOUISIANA, FRIDA Y, A lI L 10. 1,89%. NO. 34.
If Ton Are.
If you are bored, let it be known; a
woman reccntly died in Atchison be
cause of her desire to be amiable un
ider all circumstances: bored to doath.
.Atchison Globe.
Silas )Irown of Dalton.
Iy the simp!e Wino of Cardul Treat
mnlcnt of Female Diseases, thousands of
al:icted women are restored to health
every year. It corrects the menstrual
irregularities from which nearly all
women suffer, and is being universally
used for that purpose now. Ask your
.drugsisnt for Mcl"lree's Wine of Car
dui. Speaking of this class of women
diseases, Miss Laura P. Brown, of
Dalton. Ga., says: '"I have been suf
fering from excessive menses for two
years, constantly getting worse, and I
feel that McElree's Wine of Cardul
has saved my life. I looked forward
to each month and thought I oould
not endure such misery another time.
I can't express my gratitude for the
wonderful relief."
Theo greater the secret, the more
liable your confidant is to tell it.
State of Ohio, City of Toledo, Lucas
County--as.
Frank J. Cheney makes oath that be
Is the senior partner of the firm of F.
J. Cheney & Co., doing business in the
City of Toledo, County and State afore
said, and that said firm will pay the
sum of One Hundred Dollars for each
and every case of Catarrh that cannot
be cured by the use of Hall's Catarrh
Cure. FRANK J. CHENEY.
Sworn to befote me and sumbsrlbed Ia
my presence this 5th day of December,
A. D. 188& A. W. OLEASON,
(Seal.) Notary Public.
Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internal
ly and acts directly on the blood and
mucous surfaces of the system. Send
for testimonials, free.
F. J. CHENEY & -CO.. Toledo, O.
Sold by druggists; 7Oe.
Hall's Family Pills. 25c.
A row among kinsfolk is mild com
pared to a love row.
lS-AliFfits atos~ td freeby Dr. line's s 
Ie re C M e . !o FIltas ater t B rSt tday'su..
A heavy purse in a fool's pocket is a
beavy ourso.
How a little girl likes *to say to a
hoy, -you're going to catch it!"
A MASTER OF
MEDICAL SCIENCE.
A TIm riN IaT II~T e
!as WigarUr. y VUO.
NO SUPERNATURAL POWER.
Oily ae lnasMne Rv sNt Stei a"e Ia
esenmday latda t-rAs le
Evtraet mom Waeo Time, De. I, t IL
A Time. reortereateG e
to see Dr. Ye e at t~ b
SPacde bhotel last sat
and met a =t elegant
sentlem. sa o at
aed ws m e ewe Iwth
salesee and deserves the
he tieson be bleds 13
been in Waeo he has
demoestrated the
power of his
and pesfertmed
cares them that
eut idwr eT are
at Mrs L.I OMay o f
Austin. afte oea
been afSUtoted with sea. L
tarrh for ovm ten eer tl
sellaly eaw the =re
aous t t-e et the Mir
Coerlb steet. Dr. Otero saiw be ea 4
no utva.dlnar power. he did nt
Si wee Inme.icines he urns
The ets Mid Veno's Curattve Syrus 01
bad ea tie i et the wesder(tl
tetm t m ti seod wells of South
rwa Sb
*te " III
,L 4
FINANCIAL FOLLY ILLUSTRATED.
NTu
-LO.. BLAN-T T LARGE - c
0 o
*o ..
E INTERNATIONAL BED..
-(',it frin Tn F.':!rmer.
"What fools these mortals be." "Uncle Sam" should be a'hamed to try to -et un'ler su,.h a blanoket, but if he
does, old England will hug the life out of him. England is a financial hariot an I is tryin, to admn. the twori'l. Law
makes money. This international scheme is in the interest of those who own tlhe guil an I g-ol1 min . andl againt the
Interest of all the rest of mankind. The leaders of both the old pa ti !s ara pledge1 to do what the nmoney power want
done. A hint to the wise is sufficient.
I -- - -
Principles, purity, plenty and peace.
Justice cries aloud, but the old party
leaders turn a deaf ear.
Push the work of education and car
ganisation until August 5th.
Cleveland's curious, cunning and
crimlnal course causes crime.
Crime and criminals are on the in
crease, and the lawyers are happy.
Reform is absolutely essential to the
welfare and happiness of this people.
Sherman's superlative scoundrel
sams surpasses sensation and stuns the
understanding.
Why should we ask any other gov
ernment anything about what shall
be our money?
The old party leaders know better
than mnybody that "truth fears noth
ing but concealment."
It money was plentiful, labor and all
labor's products would commiand a
ready sale and good prices.
And Cuney and Allison, or Allison's
money got there at Austln. Well,
what's the dlfference anyway?
Stick to the platform, until another
has been promulgated by competent au
thority. That is a safe course.
Internatlomal agreement on the ratio
betwee gold and silver meeas inter
national robbery, in plain Englush.
Let agitation and organlsation be the
order of the day until there is a Populist
club at every votlng box In the state.
The Democrats will "coattige to pro
duce some of their prodeotioas" this
fall, but the Populists will be at the
couant.
The money power would like mighty
well to get up a war with some foreign
power, so as to side track the train ot
reform.
t is said that "murders will eat,"
and tfam the way the people ess get
tas onto the old party leders, it must
be so,
"Te"a not, headle nat"-a Demo
nate or ReUgsbeaa tlcket-"elf* sa
and d m5th ouitletiy) are larag
tNM'.
'the who Itamds to vote ma i
gusty a t has a rIe*t eamsapai at
1be l dmes for he smb to seasina.
The egabibam (tar tro siaber) is
the T-ha leglt5t' eh s ad bfor
t Q a 3rl ss to bee. haskbzean
fe be#Nas ans a a
(pie sth leWs
Raise the banner of Populism and
fight monopoly in all its hideous forms.
It has been the most mild winter
throughout the country for many,
many years, and the great down-trod
den people should thank the Director of
the universe for such a special provi
dence.
"Wealth belongs to him who creates
It, and every dollar taken from industry
without an equivalent is robbery.'
How does that sound? How does it
suit you? It is found in the Omaha
platform.
The Populists are determined, no
matter what the cost, to have a free
ballot and an honest count in Texas
next November. and the pie eaters may
as well understand the fact right now.
as later on.
Remember that our State convention
meets Aug. 5, and that the Democrats
do not meet until Aug. 18. Push organ
ization, get a club in good working
order, at every box in the State, and be
ready for the fray.
The Culberson tax enters are in a
close place. Reader, compare your tax
receipt for 1895 with those of former
years. "Why, taxes were higher than
ever before," you say. Yes, it reminds
one of the Edmund J. Davis regime.
But, honor bright, what is the differ,
ence bet*een the Democrats and Re
publicans anyhow?
James R. Sovereign puts it tiercely
thus: "The money power and the mo- I
nopolles support only such parties and
candidates as will protect their later
eats, and the labor organizations must
do the same or surrender to the despot
ism of arrogant capital." Will they
surrender without an effort for justJee
at the ballot box?
The Lenison Herald talks as if tb., I
Democrats would carry this state this
fal,. No reason is assigned for the
statement, and none is expe:ed. It
occurs to us tlatit is another case of
"talking through his hat." When the
election is over, the Democratic state
hose gang will tuck their heads in
shams, sad accept defeat and the re
bake they deservea
A ertatan Teas Republican went to I
Washington to get a position when the
preat congress met. There was noae
to get. He weont to work and actually
idgtaeered a resolution through the
Republican hbuse, and ereated a post
ton to whlsk he was appointed, and is i
sow drawlag $1100 a year without any
cReot en his part. What think you of
thatT Ain't they reformers though?
"A Demeeratle eadidate for the gor
arsip of Arkaas said in a speech a
w days ag that he weuld support the
qsueartae party if Rothechild wrote
the p·itform and the devil headed the
tilebt.* He wants to eat moae (axes.
' t gat ti sad His aspiration oat
UdWe blsaemen seassand his prgeu
d~,rt atir saad glmare ea parity, 1
Sa r d " , e
*, i~daIMsej
Wonder how much "boodle" the en
tcrprising statesmen nill get out of
the Nicuaragua canal scheme? The
people should watch as well as pay.
If you want an cffice at Washington,
and there is no place vacant, do like N.
iQ. Henderson, of Texas, did: Have a
Republican house to pass a resolution
ar.l create an $1800 office. We do' not
blame N. Q., for he was powerful
hungry.
The postoffice Is a government insti
tution, and no one ever hears of tho
mail clerks striking or starving to
death, or organizing a scheme to run
the government. Now, really, non t
you think government applied to the.
railroad and telegraph would be a grand
good thing? asks the Grander Age.
That would stop the issuing of watered
stock and the making of millionaires.
Guess Rcpuhb:cans in Texas are get
ting too numerous. We not only have
the "Lilly Whites," but the "Black-and
Tans" split wide open at Austin. Here
is a leson for the Populists. We must
set down on the dissenter, the d'sturb
cr, the man who thinks he is the party
at once and hard. l'he Democra,s and
Republicans having no principles at
stake-caly hunting pie-can afford to
split, but Populists cannot.
There are a class of men wh- claim
to be reformers, who Ignore the lan
guage, theories and propositions found
in the Omaha platform, and advocate
visionary schemes that would be ruin
otis; and, strange to say, intelligent ed
Itors who profess to endorse the Omnaha
platform publish their scribblings and
thus gives them a standing, and fur
nish our encm:es clubs. This Is ee
pecially true of a Chicago paper.
The United States mints have issued
over a billico one cen: pieces, says the
Chicago Express, which after receiving
the stamp of the government is *orth
and passes curent in the business of
the clin:ry for ten million dollars,
yet the metal of which these were made
would cell, by the pound, for less than
$500,000. It will be seen that at least
$9,500,000 of the currency value of this
moaey is pure fat. Law makes money.
Entirely too many reformers are wor
rying over details. Get in town ana
hitch your horse before you make your
purchases. Stand by, advocate and
vote for finance, land and transporta
tion reform, and when we select our
nominees, and they take possession of
the governmentsa-state and federal-
they will agree on details. You cannot
make your selections from a stock of 4
goods until you reach the store house. ,
See?
The honey bees will subamt under
eertain conditions to robbery of their
products, .the results of their labor.
They are \elpless, powerless. Will the
masues ,. ,his country, with the ballot I
in their hands, prove themselves to I
be no more Intelligent than the little
bees? The bee is governed by iastinct,
and is generally right, but a majority at '
the people seoe to have been governed .
La the peat bi their prejudiess instead s
eorltctjmitu wakeu sp
LEICHTO''S FAi! MODEL.
Dornothy I)enr, Who I'oqd, fror lMany of
II' It st Pl''ture',.
A till woman, beautift;lly form,-l.
with a !-Iiin fir:a and(1 smnot!h and of
tha: t eler:,,i.-tinteo \white t!:.t Il ::lner
dhlits in. a head G-rerilai en'm i l l to
It ve ;.rniishcd inspirati ,e f ' .w , (.f
P:axitc!-s' Aphrodite, w!t'li gdol :,n
hair. violet eyes---st-h a wom;1n:1i
I)Dorothy iDone, whom l'redelri, L'. :::on
made famous in many of hi.: Lest
known painting,.
Slhe was his favcrite model, ays !I;l
'New York Journal. With all h1-r
charms of person, Dorothy lteo. is as
rimple as a child, moldes an.l1 retiring.
11cr naturalness as notch as an'thino
endeared her to the great ar;i.st who
was devoted to her for many t'Cr;.
Rumor haS woven a roma:nt in his life,
in which his model figures. It says he
loved her, but that circunmstan:es over
hlicn he had no control prevenitc.1: h: a
from marrying her. She is one of five
sisters. They all live in Lordhn,
where they have a cozy little apartment
in South Kensington, the art canter of
the British capital. It is one of the
most artistic flats in London and one
in which more beaux esprits, painters
musicians and literateurs gather when
she is at home, two Sundays in eact
month, than in any other in the his
city. Miss Deie visited this country
in the winter of 1893 and was seen on
the stage here. Her theatrical venture
was not a brilliant success, but her
bctuty caused quite a sensation. She
spoke of Sir Frederic Leighton-he ha:i
not then been made a peer-with great
tenderness. In an interview with her
at that time she said: "Although Sit
Frederlec is over 60 years old, he is the
youngest man I know, and I might ad]l
the kindest, most generous." She told
of where the great artist painted his
wonderful Grecian pictures. lIe he
lieved in the beautiful, lived in thl
beautiful and many of his best cane
vases adorned the walls of the room Ir
which they were brought into exist
ence. No "artistic dust" was visib!e
there; everything was neat, she said
showing an even mind, given to beaut!
ful thoughts and the portraying ol
them. He was the soul of good nature
and occupled in English society a postl
tion somewhat like Chauncey M. De
pew does here as regards his after-din.
ner cpeaking. Whenever there was s
big banquet Frederic Leighton was al
wAys there, and when he spoke he al
'ways had something to say and some
thing to which everybody listened.
Baroness Rothsechild's Farm.
Baroness Adolphe de Rothschild may
fairly claim to be a fin de stecle agri
culturist. She keeps a farm at Bou
logne-sur-Seine, just outside the Bols,
and here during the summer it is her
delight to initiate the weary votaries
of fashion into the simple pleasures of
rustic life. The guests are welcomed
into a Louis XV. drawing-room, where
the furniture is covered with satin bro
cade of the palest bluish pink hue, and
all the knicknacks and engravings are
suggestive of the ancient regime. One
of the walls, however, consists of a
huge sheet of plate glass, giving viewi
into the cowshed, if so mean a word
is applied to the superb apartment
within which a double row of "milky
mothers" browse peacefully at their
marble mangers.
A Breton herdsman and his wife in
natural costume tend the rleek cattle
and mike the picture complete. When
aesthetic cravings have been sated by
this ctarming spectacle an adjourn.
ment takes place to the dinner-room,
and a dainty lunch is served amid .I
bower of fragrant orchids. Then fol
lows a stroll through the gardens, lal.i
out in a Louis IV. style, with nymph~i
and fauns of stone gleaming through
the foliage, and lastly there is a visit
to be paid to the dairies. By this time
it has become cool enough to venture
on the homeward drive, and the car
rlages are brought around, but each has
to carry. besides its passengers, a loa l
of dairy produce and a colossal bouquet
of roses as souvenirs of the visit. The
visitor goes away with the feeling that
farming, after all, is not such a bad
trade if you have an Income of a mil
lion or two to fall beck upon.
Machlu for Drivingl Nalls.
An automatic nalldriver Is a late in
vention. It is arranged with slides and
runways, into which the nail drops
through fitted courses that necessitate
its "olo in right-end frst. As the
nail in proper position, slides down
through one of these channels a ham
mar automatically comes to the attack
and drives the nail into place. A tack
driving machine of the same sort is
also made. In factories where large
numbers of boxes are turned out these
may have thaeir uses; but for ordinary,
every-day uselesnesaes the old-fashion.
ed flat-nosed hammer still holds ita
own, even at the risk of an occasI!onal
battered thumb and fractured temIper.
--zxchange.
TLe atMky NuambeLr.
" One of the public schools in Mat.
mouth, Me., huas thirteen pupils, the
oldest being 13 yearn old, and this is
the teacher's thirteenth termn in tor
echool. All the pupils of the ati':oi
are well and lotug well, and the tcia..i
i maipee a morw 1am Up.:p.t, go,)
ramen,
LOUISIANA NEWS NOTES.
Buston has a furniture factory In full
blast.
Ex-congressman Boatner is a candi
date for congress again.
F..ery prtnuion is being used against
smallpox in rTensas parish.
Nearly everybody has been or will be
vaccinated in St. Martin's parish.
The recent frost injured Irish pota
toes and corn in Lafousch' parish.
A dead Chinaman recet.ly drew a
larger crowd in Algiers than a circus.
Six cases of smallpox reported at
Limn Kiln bayou, in Natchltoches
parish.
W. T. Wise, wanted in Franklin coun
ty, Texas, for murder, has been jailed
at Alexandria.
A few days since at Alexandria a
negro fell overboard from a barge ahd
was drowned.
Mrs. Julia O'Brien was so seriously
bruised recently at New Orleans that
she died from the effects.
Robbery and burglary continue at
New Orleans naRwithstyding. the ef
forts of the authorities to stop it.
The 'towns of Sunset and Grand Oo
teau have quarantined against "tbh
world and the balance of mankind" on
account of smallpox.
Recently Frank Snyder was at work
at Haller's tinware manufactory had
two fingers of his left hand cut off by
being caught in one r' the machines.
Ed Jefferson, colorc l, who killed
ltea Moare, a negro woman, on Mrs.
Hu ghes plantation in Oaddo parish re
cently, has been captured and is in jail.
A negro boy threw a stone into a
crowd of children at New Orleans,
striking one of them on the head se
riously injuring him. He was arrested.
The Italian fugitive, Charles Tartor
ich, who jumped his appearance bond
at the last term of court, at Donaldson
ville, has been -brought back and Is in
jail.
Governor Foster has appointed W.
C. Buchanan, of West Carroll, and W.
F. Perriloux, of St. Tammany, siuper
visors of elections; Augustin Jones, of
Assumption, clerk of registration.
Governor has made the following ap
pointments: Adam Bondreaux, super
visor of election for Vermillion; Isaac
Revely, of East Feliciana, and B. R.
Nash, of Bossier, clerks of registration.
J. T. Skiffer, ex-cashier of the St.
Landry Sta,:e Bank, was arrested at
Obelousas the other evening, charged
with embezzeling funds of the bank.
He was released immediately on bond.
At Baton Rogue, the other night,
Robert Ford, co:ored, was shot and
killed by another negro named Isaiah
Lewin. It is said that Lewis walked up
and shot him without warning. Lowis
was arrested and jailed.
At Tallulah, recently, charges were
withdrawn against the all-round crook
and forger, Julius Mcyse, and be was
ee corted out of the Jail and warned to
never be caught in Madlson parlsh
again or justice would 'be dealt to him.
A little 14-year-old 'boy named Jeff
Waukal, residing with his parents at
No. 722 Marigny street, New Orleans,
met a horrible death the other evening
by being run over and out in two by
a Louisville and Nashville switch en
gine.
A few days since, Charles Duke, f
negro employed in Pender's railroar
camp, near Robson's poetoflice, below
Shreveport, being sick, took a dase of
wJat lIe thought 'to be medicine from
an unlabeled bottle cin-iidnj piospt
and died. ". ; ` .,
Two mout n 'roes' were 'fimnd in
Knoxville the other day suffering with
sme!lpo.. They were in a home where
I they were exposed for several days to
the disease. All the oeasesa so far have
been promptly isolated and cared ftor,
and very little apprehension is felt that
the disease will spread to amy extent.
Information from Oareero as to the
negro hrute, Slnclalr, is in effect that
he was lodged in jail to awaft idenitl
flocation, and two guarde detailed as ad
ditional security placed over him. DIur
Ing the night som one called the
guards aside, and on ~eturnlng they
ftound the prisoeer lad eapdu While
nothing definite ae know, thb wretch,
tLin.id a doubt, hs pyd the penalty
of bhl erlme.
nHard'o- Alpia* ldu.
The people who live to make life hard
for others are at work In Swltsersad.
A Tyrolese court has recently ruled
that the Alpine guide is to be held re
sponsilble not only for the adeqaate
oqufpment, but for the physical sound
r.es;, of tlourists who charter his serv
ices This making a medical Inlpet~,.
of t e guide will be a decided thorn In
blhs Iath. The neXt step will be to render
sea -aptaths liable If their passengers
are --aslck.
G0e. Mori's MNbrs
A horse which General John Morgat
rod' in his famous ride In 1802, died
Jeai Versailles, Ky., a few days ago.
Morgan rode the horse into Versailles
and left it there, taking in its place a
ine mare. The horse was, when it died,
more than P7 yeary old.