LOUISIANA POPULIST.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $1.00 A YEAR. There is No Free Country, Unless the People Rule. PRICE, 5 CENTS.
VOL I, NATCHITOCHES PARISH, NATCHITOCHES, LOUISIANA, FRIDAY, APRIL 19., 1895. NO. 35.
.. . . .. . . . . . .  . . . .. . . . . . . . .. .  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . • • m l I l  .. .
"WHERE ARE WE AT"
TWO YEARS OP DEMOCRATIC
DISHONOR CLOSED,
Klng Grover Still on Deek, and Will
Call a Repabllean Congress Is Special
/ Seisen to mndrne 1Uls Pollt of SaIl
Ing Forunflt the Wind.
Well, the last democratic congress
that will ever assemble in America has
adjourned. Dissolved partnership with
the sugar trust and the bankers, and
given It up that democracy is a hqpeleas
wreck. King Grover is still oa deck,
and will call the new crew in special
sessfoii to take lessons in his policy of
sailing against the wind. Grover sAid
he would give the people an object ies
son-and he has given us a lesson that
even a fool can understand-not to men
tion his magnificent gifts to the bank
ers of London and New York. Some
people think he should have given the
object lesson to the bankers and the
prosperity to the people. But let that
pass. The people have at least learned
who governs them. And that will pay
the damage. Democracy has shown its
incompetency-at the same time it has
revealed the fact that it is not more dis
honest than the republican party. The
bankers and corporations have ruled
for twenty years-but they have never
before dictated so openly as during the
past two years. While the people have
denounced President Cleveland and
Secretary Carlisle for bonding the na
tion, It has been found that the republi
can party had prepared the way for this
rascality by providing law for t--and
the republican god. John Sherman, en
dorses the policy of the administration
in every case where he accedes to the
demands of the bankers and trusts.
Over 90 per cent of the republicans in
congress endorsed the President in the
special sesion which repealed the Sher
man law and refused to coin the silver
seignioragb. The leaders are all in the
same boat and the bankers hold the
rudder. The country has been bonded
for nearly $200,000,000 to keep up a use
less gold reserxe, which is one of the
pot traditions the republican party.
The President wants the best money of
the diation destroyed-and the leading
tepublicans and the bankers endorse
this infamous scheme. Plutocracy is
opposed to the income tax-and so are
the leadem of both qld parties The
money question has come to the front,
as the Populists have proclaimed that
it must. It has split the democratic
party up the middle of the back, and is
rapidly ripplng the reiublitcan party in
twain. The leaders of both old parties
have shown their adherence to a siagle
gold standard, and there Is no hope of
rolief for the people from either. The
people have been paying a lot of repre
setatives $15 each per day and per
Quhitles to legislate for the bankers
and sealles eorpesatteas. Probably
theidr pay has been greater from the
corporattos-but that makes them
Snomethe has trantors aftihavlag:taken
thoe ak't.of eee and pledged them
solves to serve t·o whole people. Per
hapathe lanfence is too strong tor them
to resist-benac It womild' better for
the peopleto have a dtrect vets upon all
important qaesteas.
The republisas howl about the pres
Idemt's aseret deal with Bothsehildg,
whereby the United States is mortgaged
to a irl who hitl mortages on every
f alrseadand half-cliviisedl annti on the
slnd. it Iq assi high-hasd mme
-bat the iptheehids were thsbrrna
teers the Sret financial eseatracy
wMh and 4~*-msetd baver. barndd
the emaeke s sad beaded the .atles
far the "saumptlos o speial pat
: mate--ll iar the beset of the ld
Saharks. a4 perpetrted bM the gran
ed republlesn part. Thoe is as qse
- M"a but dmeserasr has mes a moe
ms sa ere and a suaert et perfdy
. rd r, but t.rnepWtesn nmwrt
Is A ~ w eew tht meerpy r -
emrs msr as osr In the earse
a -a ptaav &ast -s mare
tL ' m~m pmserJ p e~s aas
t-- yours_ etemsed ,e .
-.....m is n_. eales top as
• - s ,
earsim sc pl asmh ortP
odtlg ig ·
F' 48
4h eee
S Thtree of knowledge is putting fortl
new leaves. The serpent beguiled the
leaders of the two old parties and they
have eaten of the forbidden fruit. Many
of the humble followers of these partles
who are content to eat bread in the
sweat of their own faces may now eat
of the tree of life and live. But not as
republicans and democrats.
The People's party believes in a peo
ple's government-acknowledges nc
losses, and kicks out professional poll.
ticians and traitors as soon as found
Knowing these terms, we invite all
honest, patriotic industrious men whc
believe in liberty, equalty and justice
to come and help restore the rights ot
American freemen. You have certain.
ly seen enough during the past twc
years to convince you that the people
must take charge of their own affairs.
The Slver Party.
The long looked for and threatened
new silver party has at last made its
debut. It comes out with a long mani
festo that is intended to "state its
case," and which is signed by about a
dozen men among whom are Gen. A
J. Warner, president of the Bimetallic
Peague, Senators Jones and Stewart ol
Nevada and perhaps a half dozen con.
gressmen.
That this movement will amount tU
but little goes without saying. Suck
men as Bland, Bryan, Teller and Wol
cott refuse to join it. This shows the
insincerity of the men who have beet
heretofore regarded as the champions
of silver. These men, when asked why
they did not go with the Populists, the
only tree silver party in existence, re
plied that the Populists demanded to(
much in their platform-too many im.
practical things. Now when a party is
organized on the basis of the very
thing for which these same gentlemez
have been fighting, they say it is a
one idea party and refuse to join it.
The truth of the matter is that
Bland, Bryan, Teller, Wolcott, and the
whole outfit of men of their stripe are
a set of blatant demagogues who have
been, and are, doing the silver cause
more harm than good. They keep up
the agitation of the question because
it is popular with their constftuents
and serves them a good point for re
election. They know that the fight it
useless as long as made within the liner
of their respective parties, and while
they cut up, prance and caper aound
the "forks of the road," and the "part.
ing of her ways," they are very caretful
not to take the only path that leads t
the restoration of silver. By remain
ing in their parties they prevent others
from leaving-enough to swell the
ranks of a real silver party to propor
tions that would insure the rehabita
then of the white metal. They belonl
to that class of which it is said they
"neither go in themselves, neither suf.
fer they them that are entering to a
There was too much of the Populisl
platform.
There is not enough of the new all.
ver party platform.
So sy these self righteous pharl.
They belong to that class of whoar
Christ said: "For John came nelthes
eating or drinking, and they may. he
hath a devil. The son of man came
eating and drinking, and they say:
Behold a man gluttonous, and a wine
bbber, a friend of publicans and sin
aers"
The trouble with Bland, Teller and
the outSt e that stripe is weak back.
beams and seetrollable desire fee
mMastd of being statesmen they as
dagaes. Instead of eaming the
mases eat of the wildernees of bond.
ag, they betray ths ant the hua~
Od ther. aemies while they dance the
death dance around "paPing at the
ras," and give their qppert to ON
west Ahagses 3mptsesw
Mr. lafly, easdt superltsndeal
ef the Pestal T elesg r esaperr,. re.
pested ti bavrsitd - bswa  had
met he*srf ase ags hbe er -of the
gapeses vansl erealsa s . U. s
es ealry that t hewas beena
So per as attetonto Wwer -
Meabastately r*u ag sale to is as
glen - s ·h rswpast so r as
e raus re esmmm'L I iaew
eim m la asy the us the
'i)L ~ ---La
enhann0
THE GOLD STANDARD.
CLASS LAWS PLACE CAPITAL
SUPERIOR TO LABOR.
All Di)rriminatlous are Against the Pro
ducsr-Legislation All in Favor of the
Cre lltor Class-Some of the Demamds
of t1he 'Peop'-'" Party.
The best authorities place the na
tional. miunicipai., co; porate and oth
er like bonds of the world-not in.
eluding private indebtedness-at not
less than $40.0eU,000,0)'0. The an
nual interest on this sum at 4 per
cent is. on an average. *1,600,000.000
which must be paid from the products
of labor. The payment of this vast
sum becomes more oppressive from
the fact that the most of these obli
gations are held in countries where
gold is either the only legal tender or
the obligations are made payable in
gold. The effect of this is to create
a great demand for gold, which has
resulted in making its market value
23 per cent above the average value
of labor's products, which is meas
ured by silver, which is the money
of the world. Therefore, to pay
this annual interest of $1.603,000.000,
under a gold standard of payment,
as advocated by Blr. Cleveland, the
farmer must sell 25 per cent more of
his products and the wage worker
must give 25 per cent more days of
labor to make up this extra premium,
which is $400,0)u,000, making the an
nual interest $2,000,000.000. And,
further, when the principal-#40,000,
000J,0J0-is paid, the 25 per cent must
be added, making it 150,000,000,000.
But a still worse feature is that this
25 per cent premium on gold must be
added to all private indebtedness, re
quiring the same additional labor or
labor's products to pay them
on account of this premium. If
we must have either gold or
silver as a standard of payment,
let us have silver. Prosperity follows
the payment of debts in the money
most used the world over. Cheap and
easy payment of debts makes high
prices for labor and its productions.
Out of the world's total population of
1,050.00,000, only 90,000,000, or
about one-twelfth, live in countries
where gold alone is legal tender; 188,
!00,000, or a little more than one
fifth, live where gold and silver are
both legal tender: while 772,000,000,
or about two-thirds, use silver alone.
Thus, silver being the money of
the world, the products of labor
are sold the world over, on
a silver basis. Hence it follows that
while the debtor classes of the world
must sell their products on a silver
basis-the price of silver and all
other products being the same-the
creditor or bond-holding classes have
succeeded, in the large bond-holdibg
governments, in making debts pays
ble only on a gold standard of pdy
meat, which is twenty-five per cent
above the price of silver and the
products of labor. They have done
this by abolishing the free and un
limited coinage of silver and declar
ing it not a legal tender, thereby
placing capital above labor.
I affirm it as my conviction that
class laws, placing capital above
labor, are more dangerous to the
Republic at this hour than was chat
tie slavery in the days of its highest
supremacy. Labor is the superior of
capital, and deserves much the high
er consideration. -A. Lincoln.
Had the debtor classes the benefit
of a free and unlimited coinage of
silver as a legal tender for all debts,
then they could pay their debts on a
par with the market price of their
products, instead of being forced to
pay 25 per cent more on account of
the premium on gold, caused by the
stoppage of free coinage and the de
monetization of silver. The words of
the great commoner are appUcable
here:
I have never indicated breaches of
the law in any shape, but I must say
that there are many eases in which
the law.akers are more responsible
than the law-breakers. --Gladstone on
Irelad.
On account of this unholy interns
tionel acompsa of the money kings,
the world's prodneers are on a strike,
and rotten ripe for a restoration of
the time hommral quality between
gold sadil ver. And yet Mr. Cleve
lamd, cwhaotimes tolead the Demo.
eratic party on this gold stendard of
payment and opposition to the free
ed uallaited oltaage of siver, says:
*It is a strange thing to me that
there should be oan independent move
ment"
Sheeld he get away from the cold
ad selash shandowsof Waell 8treet and
drilk in the generous hoepitallty of
thea balmy, eothb, or the esome of
goo4-will to men on the boundles
prairiaes of the West he might get
sase In comedqa60s with these Im
mortan Verde in his mesgage:
'Combleas-tm oe combhined wealth
aend apita, the otgrowth of over
weedntg eaphley end sish-nm
whleh l1ntilealy.udemime the js.
lip e e latygritg of free iastitetiss,
are got ls sageros t-than 4e com
aniesm o-pprmuen perees,."
ms one aeney u|t for the, eb-
. qagderd 'ot paysIgst
rgt~ Cgi~ tagetMir Pi~h6..uS
ver standard. or which all products
are sold.
Now, who is in favor of this condi
tion of things? The kid-gloved cred
itor class of the East: while the South
and West, constituting the great
yoked-up debtor class of the nation,
are opposed to it, and, to escape de
struction, are fast going into the Peo
pie's party, which is sound on this
question, from the lakes to the
gulf ana from the Atlantic to the l'a
cific. It believes in destroying this
modern invention of plutocracy-the
gold standard-and restoring the
time-honored free and unlimited coin
age of silver on a par with gold. To
prevent contraction, it believes in
putting the control of the vol
ume of currency in the govern
mont, instead of with national
bankers. To provide homes
for the homeless, it believes in de
stroying all n:onopoly in land. To
obtain all equible rates of transporta
tion, it is opposed to railroad monop
oly. To make plutocracy disgorge
some of the stolen goods. it advocates
an income tax. To obtain represent
ation with taxation, it believes in
electing United States senators by a
direct vote. To secure free ballots
and a fair count, it demands the Aus
tralian ballot system. To equalize
the rates of interest with the profits
of agriculture, it demands the land
loan. To equalize the volume of cur
rency throughout the year, it de
mands the sub-treasury. W\hen all
these are secured, a rainbow of hope
will appear to men. Then the old
will be saved from the poorhouse and
the young from prison: then will un
incumbered and happy homes-- form
the bulwark and insure the perpe
tuity of our beloved country upon the
enduring foundation of "equal rights
to all and special privileges to none."
-E. H. Belden in Chicago Express.
EDITORIAL OPINIONS.
Sound money is the kind that makes
the home sound with comfort. happi
ness and good cheer.--Southern Mier
cury. :.
What were the ",mistakes of Mo
ses." compared with the blunders of
the old political parties?-Oblong
Ledger.
Better go back to swapping coon.
skins than to mortgage the next gen
eration to European usurers. -Colum
bus (0.) Sun.
Paternalism and socialism are the
two bugaboos used to frighten away
all legislation in the interest of the
people.-Galeton (Pa.) Gazette.
Give us a cheaper dollar and a
dearer day's work and the poor will
become richer and the mortgages dis
appear.--Washington Watchman.
The reform movement wants men of
principle. men who cannot be bought
or sold; men who believe with the
heart, and men who will join hands
and work to save the nation. -Pueblo
State Guard.
The Omaha platform needs little, if
any, curtailment, other than dispens
ing with the long preamble. The
platform proper is reasonably curt
and altogether good. -San Francisco
(CaL) Press.
This over-production of cotton and
wheat is one of the queerest fowls we
ever did see. It lowers products and
wages, while it raises taxes and sal
aries. Never saw anything like it.-
Russellville (Ala.) Hustler.
A wqpan in Ohio recently present.
ed her husband with four new heirs
two boys and a like number of girls.
This is another chance for the old
parties to raise their howl of -'over
production."-Arizona Populist.
Some people never earn what they
get; others never get what they earn.
Populists want to equalize things, so
that each and all shall have equal
and exact justice, and this makes
them "anarchists." -Norton (Kan.)
Liberator. I
It's amusing tO read in Democratic
papers about the Populistic setback
in the last election, when the Demo
crate throughout the nation met a de
feat that means annlhilation, while
the Populists added over a million
votes to their vote of two years ago.
-Now Charter.
Well, Not einch.
Great Britain speat *70,000,000 for
foreign food supplies in January
Most of the food came from the
United States. Would Great Britain
be likely to go to war with this coun
try over Vemezuela and shut of her
suppliesp-- Denver News.
Well, not muoh. The Rothschilde
rule Eagland, and if we should get
into a scrap they would be cut off
from the farther robbery of our peoe
pie through the beod coatrct Cleve
land made with them.
wart uh e Semesh.
Why do the Illinois Demoorna is
the State Central Coamittee 'want i
swing the uletheslle a year belere
the oats are caeght.-8t. Louis Be
putbml
Esy eouagh They are determian.
ed that the paty shall endorse Cleve
lanism. atd theMa yur sert ea eth
er tfolow and howl for them, against
meilet-l pt right, or join tbohe Pbeo
Paty-wrhef yoe, In booor be.
SUPPLOSE THE CASE.
IF THE MONEY QUESTION WAS
SETTLED IN EXACT
Aceeordance With the I'rogram Laid
Down in the Address of the Bimetallic
League? Does Anyone Contend That
the Agitation Would End?
suppose the money question was
settled in exact accordance with the
program laid down in the aduress of
the bimetallic league? Does any one
contend that this would end the agi
tation and satisfy the demand for re
form? Would that satisfactorily dis.
pose of the trust evil? Would Have
meyer cease to buy the taxing power
to be used for his exclusive benefit?
Would Huntington stop his Pacific
railroad lobby and quit buying con
gressmen to do his bidding? Would
the courts suddenly become honest
and quit making law that is
not on the statute books? Would
the problem between labor and capital
be solved' Would the whisky trust
discharge I)an Voorhees and cease
from troubling? Would the land
question find itself suddenly settled?
Would the oppressions growing out
of our transportation system no
longer vex shippers and producers?
Would all the evils of the competitive
system vanish immediately and the
necessity of demanding municipal
control of public utilities no longer
press for consideration? Would ".the
armed camp bf ccminerce" dissolve
and the thousand and one com
bines no longer concoct schemes to
oorner the market? Would the Judge
Woodses quit rendering decisions
that put workingmen in jail for or
ganizing for self-protection and the
railroad magnates into big offices for
doing the same? Would alien owner
ship of our lands by foreign lords and
ladies, and the reduction of our farm
ers to peasant tenantry, need no fur
ther discussion? Would the corrup
tion of our politics by partisan com
mittees, suppression of suffrage by
force and fraud, counting in of those
not elected and counting out of those
elected, become merely unpleasant re
membrances and not present facts?
Would railroads cease to discriminate
between passengers and freight and
charge all equally for the same
kind of service? Would they quit
defying the laws? Will rascally aider
men in the cities abstaid from selling
public franchises to private corpor
ations and putting the money into
their pockets instead of into the treas
ury? Will the free pass nuisance, by
which congressmen and legislators
are bought to disregard the welfare
of the people and enact legislation in
the interest of corporations, no longer
be a crying evil that needs suppress
ing? Will Wall street for once in its
life commence behaving and no more
attempt to rule administrations and
congresses? Will Rothschild retire
from business on this continent and
the hooked nose and '.three balls"
no longer be our national trademark?
Will Pierrepoint Morgan and '"my
law partner" make no more secret
contracts with the secretary of
the treasury? Will Ickelheimer &
Co. take down their sign? Will the
Pacific railroad let go its grip on Cal
Ifornia and surrounding states? Will
the Standard Oil company and other
monied kiqgs quit buying legislatures?
Will Gorman, Brice and Elklns die.
solve partnership with the trusts and
commence legislating for the people?
Will the Nicaragtu deal be dropped,
congress quit voting bounties to su
gar planters, anad grabs be kept out
of appropriation bills? Will favorit.
ism stop and all accept and act on the
fundamental principle of Populism.
*-equal rights to all and special privi
leges to none?" In short, will the
millennium be here and nothing re.
main but to out on our wings and sail
offto the New Jerusalem? As Mr.
Toots would say, we only ask for in.
formation? - lndianapolis Noncoo
formist.
lakoepetrat
The trouble wtth some members of
the house 's that they do not appear
to know genuine retrenchment and
reform when they meet it in the road.
They mistake puerile attempts to
prune where the public service will
not stand shawing, for patriotism and
economy, forgetting that a penny
wise and pound-foolish policy is worse
than no economy at all in matters of
this kind, is that it will result in a
chaotic condition of affairs that will
prove dangerous to the welfare of the
people.--Dallas News.
The faraoers of Illinois organized a
milk trust, with 1500 members, to
--protect their buslness,"and straight
way came th -uncoastitutional auti
trust law and-swept it away. But the
suprome court of the United States
hits just decided that the sugar trust
Slegal. ,And if, ad if, said th
lawye."-Puoebi Ieform.Pres.
Ass a Popullst why he is one, anad
be will proceed to give you a reason
for tkoTalth withhn bis; bat nek a
Demoeua or tepublica why he Is
one.. t e car ·ea( .. Sywer •,
,P Y y h"gy-;: i-' :
AVEI1) IIOM NI('OTINE.
little ( harley Fogleman Used Tobaeee
bncs e itabyhood. and His lather
bmnoked antd (hewed for the Past
Twenty Years-I-oth Set Free at
Asheville. N. C.
"Is that true?" tsk-d the News man
at Pelham's P'harmacy, as he laid doWn
a letter in the presence of a dozen in
t :retled cuistomers.
"Yes. It is. It was written here on
on.e ,,f ur Ih.tter heads and signed by
J. C. Fl,,gilman," promptly answered
the Itrn ,i'ritor.
"You know him, don't you?"
"Ce'rtainly. He liven at No. 53 uxton
stre.et. \\," all know Fogleman is a
man of his word."
'I nam glad to hear it.. There are
so matny miisleading statements pub
lished niwadays that when this came
in this morning's mail I came right
over to ask you about it. I real the
letter three times, but you rsad it and
you will agree with me that it is almost
too good to be true." This is what the
letter said:
"')tflhe of Pelham's Pharmacy. 24
Patton atenu.e Asheville. N. ('., Sept.
12, lS:i4. Gentlemen-My little boy.
now S years, began chewing tIobacco
when 3 years old by the advice of our
family physician in the place of
stronger stimulants. Four or five
weeks ago I began giving him No-To
Bac. which I bought at Pelham's Phar
macy. and to my great surprise, and.
it is needless to say, my delight. No
To-Rac completely cured him. He does
not seem to care for tobacco and is
very much Improved in health, eats
heartily, and has a much better color.
"Finding such remarkkble results
from the use of No-To-Bac I began
myself and It cured me. after using
tobacro in all its various forms for a
period of twenty years.
"I take pleasure in making this plain
statement of facts for the benefit of
others. (Signed) J. C. FOOLEMAN."
"Yes. I know it's a fact, and it's one
of the strongest, truthful testimonials
I ever read-and it's true, for I sold
him the No-To-Bac."
"W\hat's that?" asked Chief of Police
Ilwkins, whose manly form, attired
in the new police uniform, like Solo
ntn in all his glory, came to the door.
"Why. No-To-Bac cures!"
"Cures? Why, I should say so. I
have used It myself. It cured me."
"Would you object to making a
qtatement of the fact for publication?"
"('ertainly not," and the Chief wrote
as follows:
"Asheville. N. C., Sept. 25, 1984. Pel
ham Pharmacy-I bought one box of
No-To-Bac from you some tihae since.
After using No-To-Bac I found I had
lost the desire for tobacco. b was
cured.
"I have used tobacco-chiefly chew
Ing-for eight (8) or ten (10) years.
"H. S. HAWKINS"
Everybody looked astonished and
wondered what would next turn up.
"Suppose It don't cure?" some one
asked. "Then they do the right thing
when No-To-Bac won't cure." "What's
that?" asked the News man. "Every
druggist in America is authorized to
sell No-To-Bac under an absolute guar
antee to cure or money refunded. No
To-Bac is made by the Sterling Rem
edy Co.., general ofices in Chicago,
Montreal, and New York,. and their
laboratory Is at Indiana Mineral
Springs. Indiana, a big health resort
they own; its the place where they
give Mud Baths for rheumatism and
skin diseases. You ought to know the
president, Mr. A. L. Thomas, of Lord
& Thomas, of Chicago." "Yes. of
course I do. We get btisiness from
them right along, and they are as good
as gold. Well, give me their advertis
Ing books and I will make a statement
in the paper about what you have tiid
me, for I know there are thousands of
good North Carolina people who are
tobacco spitting and smoking their
lives away, and No-To-Bao is an easy
guaranteed cure, and they ought to
know it."
A Prosale Falseho· l
The elder Darwin wl'ote the prossio
falsehood that bees injure plants by
robbing them of their wax. The
younger Darwin made clear one of the
most poetical facts of nature-that
bees and other insects *'are the.
priests who wed flower to flower, les
beauty be barren and bear no fruit."
An Orator Editor.
Among the retiring members of Con
gres perhaps one of the most remarkable
is Mr. W. J. Bryan of Nebraska. During
the four years of his career he has proved
himsela natural leader of me. In the
fight for a lower tarlP, and particularly
for free sliver coinage, his eloquance co
HBO. W. J. BRYAN,
Editor World-Herald.
meaded the dlassre attenttoion o the gaer
ally bobsteros House of Representatives
ad wo applasefr maillions of people
He desilaFe to rm for reelection as
O ssma, bst ver W,OW voters of Nlo
kris deoored their preferesee for him
a* Umited SIuts sedateo in the election of
M1d As the legsature was, however,
.verweblagiy republicas, the big vote
was eamty an empty hoor;
e does not,. bowever, entirely retire
from piblio lI.fi leaving ooe, as he has
seom editCr-Ieblet of the Omaha World.
Hershf rlbei to nee t ehe larsest and
... pb ramewesters, aiwspa*r*