A Iandsome Ram.
It is reported that Mlrs. Hearst, the
wealthy California widow, has given
#15.000 to the cause of free Cuba, and
that the famous yacht Vamoose is to
be fitted out as a Cuban blockade run
ncr and privater.
litut I:e Vaccinated.
In Norway and Sweden a marriage
license is not issued until both parties
produce certificates that they have
been properly vaccinated.
rREE.
Sixty four-page Medical Reference Book
for men and women who are afflicted with
any form of pri vate disease peculiar to their
sex, errors of youth, contagious diseases.
female troub:es, etc. Send two 2-cent
stamps to pay ostage to tie leading Spe
cialists and I hysicians in this country.
DR. HATHAWAY & CO., 12l8 West
Commerce Street, San Antonio, Texas.
A Roman fortunate enough to have a
good husiand shounl be good to him.
Your Happiness
Depends upon a
hlealthy body and
a contented mind.
Your Health
Is seriously in danger
unless your blood is
rich, red and pure.
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
Is the One True Blood Put ifier
Propninently in the Public Eye.
Hood's Pills cureal!liverIllsbl'lo
o ness, headaches. 4S
'Uric Acid
i Poison.
The Kidneys are supposed to
filter the uric acid out of the
blood. When they are sick
they forget it.
Uric acid is the cause of Rheu
matism, Gout, KidneyTroubles
and other dangerous diseases.
The only way to cure these
diseases is to cure the Kidneys.
% I Hobb's
Smaills
Prteybparoa5et.
Hal, ._' MDICINE CO.,
t mprenuadwngumw
a t.le em f. sotlethe wed4 f s
: It stiM e(t5alh..et.uh:t.pb.lis7J!
aale. 5~AMeSMS beUIte ou aheasts
FISH BRAND
SLICKERS
WILL KEEP YOU DRl
Appl a para tide of aWrthewoet for
Palm drates l. lisa a e
tree. Atr .te. rt dErae . 1'7 1A. C
' ta ase three tImes a
dey, 'fte mer;aareeferred,
CATARRH
Rl.T UM E , UWarea It., ew Terk.
O "1.
t
VS5!SUapn~ l,!Uew ,
-m~~ -a - - -. - . -
'row- .-* -ir -Ir
TWO MOTHERS
ereravement Brings Truth Rme o e
Tormented Woman Through Her Child.
When the well-to-do boarder's lit.
tie boy died she called in the woman
who swept and scrubbed halls, attend
Pli to the furnace and did scullery work
in general about the place and showed
her the little fellow as he lay in his
flower-decked comin, so sweet and pret
ty in his last peaceful sleep.
The scrubwoman had a boy of her
own just a few days younger than the
dead child, and when the well-to-do
boarder's message came she hastily
grabbed up her baby and took him in
with her.
The two women stood over the tiny
cask(: for a time in silence. At last
the mother's self control gave way and
she bowed her head over the body and
bathed the little cold face with the
tears that blinded her aching eyes and
scalded her thin, care-worn cheeks.
The scrubwoman sat her baby on the
floor and folded her arms stoically.
•ijon t, ma'am, sne said wltnout a
quaver in her coarse, strong voice.
"'You ought to give thanks with all
your soul. I wish to God it was my boy
lying there instead of yours."
The boarder laid her hand over the
woman's mouth and interrupted the
Impassioned speech.
"Don't say that," she cried. "You
don't realize the meaning of your
words. It might come true. Your boy
might die."
The scrubwoman smiled.
"There's no such good luck as that,"
sh`e said bitterly. "It's always such as
yours that goes and such as mine that
stays. lie's never been well, and he
never will be well. He's a torment to
himself and to me, and to everybody
about the place. It's a continual
scratching to keep body and soul to
gether, and if I should die what would
become of him then? It ain't that I'm
unnaturally hard-hearted, but pinch
Ing and scraping along makes brutes
of anybody. Anyway, he'd be better
off."
"You'll be sorry some day," the other
replied, turning again to her little one.
The boarder moved away, and It was
three years before the women met
again. A few days ago the well-to-do
woman was going through a locality
the ins and out of which had not been
familiar to her for many months, and
anlong the scrubwomen on the steps
of a large building she saw her former
charwoman of the boarding house.
"How is Freddy," she asked, the first
greeting over.
The woman's lips trembled.
"Freddy's dead," she said, puttting
down her brush and drying her eyes
on the corner of her apron.
The boarder grasped her hand in
ready sympathy. "I'm so sorry," she
said simply.
"It just happened last week," the
scrubwoman went on between sobs.
"I've remembered a thousand times
what you said about being sorry. It
was all true. There's not an hour that
I don't want him with me again. Ii
I only hadn't said It! My poor little
boy!"-Chicago Tribune.
HOW SNAKE EATS FROG.
As .oo as Serpent Has Captured Hind
Legs. Geed-by Frog.
How a snake eats frogs is worth the
telling. The writer distinctly remem
bers witnessing a dramatic meal of
this kind, in which, of course, the
snake came out the winner, getting his
dinner in excellent style and complete
ly vanishing the frog. Though a snake
may seem at first sight an organism
that is extraordinarily slow of com
prehension, any well regulated ophid
lan knows, neverthelss, exactly how
to satisfyn the wants of nature in
the most approved, manner. A snake
invariably grabs a frog by the hind
legs. This preliminary struggle is one
of the most impressive features of the
combat. With a well-defined natural
instinct the chlef effort of the frog is
to keep his other hind leg far away
from the snake's mouth, in the hope
that he may speedily exhaaust his ene
my's strength, and also because he feels
that if his other hind leg is made cap
tive he' will have less power to fght. a
Once both hind less are within the
serpent's angs the act eof swallowing a
begins. Inch by inch the struggling
trog is drawn hfurther sand further into S
the yawning orifice that expands at
each gulp. The channel through which e
the frog has to pass is gradually en
larged y slow efforts on the snake's
part, accompanied by Aercer and fiercer
convulsions of the wretched wiggler.
The gullet of the snake in its natural I
proportions is quite large enough to s
contain the limbs of the frog, but as by *
frequent gulps the body is drawn fur- j
ther and further into the gullet the
dilculty of swallowing Increrases.
Gradually the ophiflan's throat is dis
tended, gradually the frog is compress
ed and drawn oant. Finally the latter t
is double his noemal length and half a
his circumferene. As the process of
expansion on the one hand and con- C
traction on the other goee on, the frog a
is worked down little by little, until he u
starts in on his aftteraeo nap.
new a3 Judget charseter. i
"So you rwant a situation?" said the
"wYes, sir," replied the applicant. C
"Hum-o yen ever so fshing?" "
-"Ocslemally." "
"When we 4 e sthiwn last"
"Day bebre ysterday,"
"Cateh anythntg? E
"Ten -s ue to wora mist Mom
lay if yhe IthL If yekeep on telllng
the trbt sl yen may be a part.
A avaIry 1p empenod of wape,
-has beer O lr t. P" . -w h.
m4'
How Chinese 5o.
The Chinese method of Investigat
.ng does not exactly accord with our
highly civilized notions. In ooen
it court, and in the presence of the
In European members of the commission
.d- of inquiry. poor. wretched prisoners,
rk undoubtedly the tools of high o!ti
ed cials, were compelled. through the
ieI agony caused by the most ::endish tor
it- ture. to confess their share in the
commission of the outrages. The
er British consul protested against such
he cruelty, but all that was done was to
do remove the miserab:e wretches to
ly another room. from twhich their
in groans an shrieks could be heard,
while the Chinese ollicials chatted
gaily. regaled themselves with wines
ay and bonbons, and marveled at such a
£t strange display of feeling on the part
d of the Europeans.
id
he Pocket Hook.
Id A publisher has issued for the new
woman a book called "l'arliamentiar
s Usage for Woman s Clubs,." which
he says comes in pocket size. It is
not definite as to site. bccause some
a women have little pockets and some
e. have big ones - hung where members
i11 sitting in a meeting cannot get at
9) them-and some have no I ockets.
Might as well say the woman's book
ne is the size of a piece of wedding cake,
te as to say it is of pocket size.
)U err ('ruý- .
Mr adagascar treats unsuccessful
generals worse than ('bins. Instead
of taking away their jackets, it burn,
the alive, as it recently did General
I,, amasoubaya.
as S. Big Price
at Herr Mendeisohn. a Berlin banker,
Ie has paid $10,)00) for a Stradivarius
to ýiolin. It b,'ionged to Herr Laden
ly burg. of Frankfort, who paid $3000
a) for it.
SMIRA l[S IN FORT WORTH.
DS
VENO MAKES RHEUMATIC AND PAR
ALYTIC CRIPPLES WALK AND
yr CURES THE WEAK. NERVOUS
e. AND DYSPEPTIC IN A MOST
ks REMARKABLE MANNER.
10 The Cares Are Performed By Veno's
Electric Fluid and Veno's Curative
d Syrup, Two Famous Medicines Imported
Frem Europe.
(Fort Worth Oazett. Monday, Oct 14th.)
Lair night the city hall
Swas dcupled by Veno the
great healing power of Euro.
pean fame. He comes her.
aided by suth newspapers
as the st. Louis Chronicle
which speaks in.the highest
M praise of him. He represents
the Veno Drug Co.. a legally
chartered company, and is
In here to introduce the world
e famed Veno Medicines, and
to prove their remarkabe
healing power he invited a
t number of cripples upon his
stage last night, among
whom were Mr. Io*-e S.
Power, 10 Gannah street,
who had been afflicted since
it the war with paralysis and
i severe pains. He was crip
pled and disabled frcm
[f work. Two bottles of Veno's
Eleotric Fluid were rubbed
into his limbs, and in thirty
minutes he jumped and
stam: ed his feet. lie handcd
Veno his cane sad walked
home without assistance
for the first time in years.
The next man treated was Mr. John Moore.
d Iii Main street. who was severely crippled
with rheumatism and weak muscles. He had
not been able to work for eight months a:d
e.as turned out of the city hospital as iscurable
on the 27th of June last. He was taken to a
. side room where Veno's Electric Fluid was
applied, and in forty minutes he returned to
Ithestage, showing very little of his former In
Sability, and declared himself free from all pain.
He also walked home, leaving his crutch with
1 Vino. These cures were performed in view of
the audience and are the most i emarkable ever
heard of in this section of the country. Veno's
e remedies are imported, and the Veno Drug Co.
will return the money if thev fail to cure. They
can be ordered through druggists as follows:
I- Veseo's Caative Syrup (5 ca bottle) is
the quickest cure in the world for Malarial
Fever. Dyspepsia, Constipation, Nervousness.
Sl eeplessness. Liver and Blood Disorders
and when used with
YeaO's Ileotrio Pluid (SOc a bottle will
e are the worst and most desperate cases of
Rheumatism, Paraysis. Sciatica. Neuralgs.
tiff Jolints and all aches and pains. Ask your
e druggist to get theose remedies for you.
SThe sweet summer girl has retired for
this year.
7 A REMARKABLE OFFER.
* The Publishers of Tax YoUT.n' C('oPANloN
have just made a remarkable offer to the read
ers of this paper. New subscribers who will
Ssend at once their name and address and 51.75.
will receive free a handsome four-page calen
dar, 7 x 10 In.. litographed in nine colors, re
~stllprice0 cents, T'a YoUTrn's COPAtION
fre every week to Jan. 1. 18l9. the Thanksgir
tlg. Cbritmas and New Year's Double Num
Sbes free. and THa YOUTH'd COMPANION
B'waks, a full year, to Jan. 1. 1897. Address
T BO tro 's COMPANION. 199 Columbos Ave.,
SWomen are generally ready to find an
I xcuse for an erring man.
A Child Enjoys
The pleasant flavor, gentle action ad
soothing effects of Syrup of Figs, when in
aeed of a laxative, and if the father or
Smother be costive or bilious, the most
pgratifying results follow its use; so that it
is the best family remedy known, and every
family should have a bottle on hand.
A New Hell.
King Leopold, of Belgium, has sold
to Colonel North, the ,,nitrate king,"
a mile of seafront of Ostend, the sum
paid being $1,500,000. It is said that
Colonel North intends to found there
an lnternational sporting club, which
will be the center of horse racing,
glove fighting and athletics generally.
with a theatre, gambling rooms, pub.
lie gardens, etc. The track purchas
ed begins beyond the king's pavilion.
Ostend already shares with Monte
Carlo the reputation of being the fast
eat place in all Europe. During the
pest summer it has been visited b3
some of the moat notorious gamblers
and members of the demi-monde in
Europe, but under the new auspices it
promises to eclipse all previous efforts
Alm¢eet Usneameus,
If one can judge from the expree
slone of the newspapers, publio opin
ion in the United States is pretty wel
unanimous for the recognition of Cu.
ban independence, and oongrpe will
artainly do something.
A Oreat Clause.
It seems that Minnesota will soon
lose the distinction of being the "*Lake
State." A survey ten years ago show
ed within its borders over 7000 ponds
and lakes, but that characteristic and
beautiful feature of the landscape has
changed wonderfully since that time.
A large proportion of these lakes --at
least one-third -have dried up en
tirely, and in many cases cultivated
tielus now occupy the rich bottoms
formerly covered by from ten to
twenty feet of water. Nearly all the
rest have greatly shrunk in area.
Only the larger lakes remain. Like
changes, but of a more marked de
gree, have been observed in the Dla
kotas. There were many large lakes
in those states ten years ago, some of
them miles in extent. hlut nearly all
of them have now disappeared, their
ancient beds turned into fields, and
such as remain are shrunk to sloughs
or pools in great wastes of reedy mud.
Lake Madison, in south Dakota, one
of the largest and finest lakes in that
state, was equipped some years ago
with steamboats and hotels and all
the arrangements for a western ('hau
tauqua assembly. It had a reach of
five mui.es fo- steamboat excursions
and in great !,art was from twenty to
thirty feet deep. It has utffered the
fate of all the rest, and the waters
have so far retreated that at the pres
ent rate of decrease it will not be long
before they di appear entirely.
A Ig RItegular Army.
The mightie.t host of thls sort is the army
of inva..1s wLhse bowels, livers and btouat.hs
have been regulat..d by llostetter's ,turmach
U.tters. A regular habit of body is brought
about through Uslng the hitters. lint by vio
lently agitaling and gripingl the intestine.,
but by reinforcing their energy and Cautltn. at
flow of the b:le llito its proper channel
Malara.la. a grip ue. uII pepsia, and a tenlt'eny
tl ina,'tivlty of the kidtneys. are conquerel by
the IB31tcrs.
About Yonder.
Gail Hamilton thinks that she vir
tually died during her recent iliness,
and has described her sensations in a
decidedly interesting paper. Accord
ing to her statement, she wasanar
enough across the border to converse
freely with her deceased brothers,
and her feeling was of supreme satis
faction at what she still believes to
have been a verilication of immortal
ity. Gail's paper is the more notable
because her powers of observation
are strong, and she is by no means
easily convinced when there is a
chance for a controversy. she has
been dreaming. She certaivny, in
mind, body or soul, has never reach
ed that bourne from which no travel
er returns: the bourne that Hamlet
talked about and believed in the same
evening he conversed with the ghost
of his father who had just returned
from the bourne.
Whllen we die we take our respletability
or the want of it with us.
yell, Why .Not?
A company has been formed in
Copenhagen with a preliminary cap
ital of 190,000 crowns, to erect in all
the public squares of that city telo
phone kiosks, in which, besides the
use of the telephone, the citizens will
find the daily papers, be able to write
letters, have their boots blackened,
receive messages, etc.
Ilow's This!
We offer One Hundred Dollars reward
for any case of Catarrh that cannot be
cured by Hall's (Catarrh Cure.
F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo. O.
We, the undersigned, have known F.
J. Cheney for the last 15 years, and be
lieve him perfectly honorable in all
business transactions, and financially
able to carry out any obligations made
by their firm.
WALDING. KINNAN & MARVIN.
Wholesale Druggists., Toledo, Ohio.
Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internal
ly, acting directly upon the blood and
mucous surfaces of the system. Testi
monials sent free. Price. The per bottle.
Sold by all druggists.
Hall's Family Pills, 'Se.
It don't pay grocers to keep good apples
on exhibit unless covered
HEALS
RUNNING
8ORES
S
OURES trE
SERPENT'S
STING
- - l-- ll- - • .
In al its stages
completely eraadiat
j N edbyS.S.S. Obsti
-e yiel t nate sores and
ce yied to its healing power. It re
noves the poison and builds up the system
SWIFT SWECIIC CO.. Aasm. Ga.
SWIFT SPECIFIC CO. Atlana. G: 1
germ=life
The doctors tell us, now-a-days, that disease germs
are everywhere; in the air, in the water, in our food,
clothes, money; that they get into our bodies, live
there, thrive and grow, if they find anything to thlirive on.
Consumption is the destruction of lung-tissue by
e erms where the lung is too weak to conquer them.
the remedy is strength-vital force,
Scott's Emulsion, with hypophosphites, means the
adjustment of lung strength to overcome germ-life.
Tt is fighting the germ with the odds in our favor.
i'hese tiny little drops of fat-food make their way
nto the system and re-fresh and re-invigorate it.
.Vhether you succeed with it or not depends on how
-ood a start the germs had, and how carefully you can
ve. The shortest way to health is the patient one.
C'he gain is often slow.
so cent ad s$1. SCOTT CG DOWNC. chemks.t, New York
Highest of all th Leavening Power-Latest U. &. ov't Report
D Al Baking
RI qX Powder
ABSOLUTELY PURRE
A L'ii'adelphl:a phio-opher has been
ayving, if there is a woman who is set
apart ib any oddity of feature which
amount, to a dlefrmity, who is re
pa',lv.i uily, it is a.most c.'rtaln that
that woman is marrie.J. ()f course it
is also true of men: but one has the
less to say abLoit that part. because
long a:ot) i:h g. eal hearted old auto
crat s;.h id over t:ae latent truth that
there was ano moan slorlt (of a guri..a
in alpeararnc, w loimn some good and
pretty woman woU .d not taKe anl! maKe
a husband out of. l:.ut that the go
riiia-liik woman stou:ld liiaewise be
deiiberate:v selected is a strange fact.
and hti.i a fa.t it is. (reat Scott'
manl. tb'e 'u lady lma have inonec,
or reiationahiip with a family that has
a pull.
Pompeil N., L
A buried city like that of Pompeii
is beinri ex(c;L ated in Central America
at the foot of tuie volcano Agua. Pot
tery. I;ne g.asware, jewels, flint in
struments and human skc.'etons over
6 feet lon' have been taken out at
deitis of 14 to 1,5 feet.
Pennsylvania produces 1U0,00U.00)
toni of coal every year--more than
half ti,o out:,ut of the entire country.
(Gir:.. 'itr m,,the, r is your best friend
a dl al viacr. '1ru.t heir.
A nifos siun are Lknon quicker than a
hut aud',.
neom t mnsn go throush life looking as if
their a iv- - had cau.iht them at it.
The nervous system is weakeaed by the
Neuralgia Towure.
Every nerve i strengthened I" tbe cure of it by
STEEL WEB PICKET FENCE. GABLED FIELD AND H06 FENCE.
Aleo t'ABI.ED POLLTBI. UABDRE ANID RABIET WeNCE.
We manuracture a eomp:rte :tIe of Smooth Wire FYeolng snd guarantee oevery artle to be aus te.
aeted. It you con.lder q a.1ty we can sae you money Catalegee free.
De Kalb Fence Co., 121 High Street,
DE KALB, ILL.
Timely Warning.
The great success of the chocolate preparations of
the house cf Walter Baker & Co. (established
in 1780) has led to the placing on the market
many misleading and unscrupulous imitations
of their name, labels, and wrappers. Walter
Baker & Co. are the oldest and largest manu
facturers of pure and high-grade Cocoas and
Chocolates on this continent. No chemicals are
used in their manufactures.
Consumers should ask for, and be sure that
they get, the genuine Walter Baker & Co.'s goods.
WALTER BAKER & CO., Limited,
DORCHESTER. MASS.
The Cat
Came
Back
." Because there was no place like the
home where they used
Clairette
Soap
This Great Soap makes home, home indeed. Keeps
everything clean. Keeps the housewife and everybody
happy. Try it. Sold everywhere. Made only by
THE N; K. FAIRBANK COMPANY, St.Louls.
- --O - - -N - - - - - - - - - • • .-. . . -
A baby buggy is quite a convenience for
mamma and the baby. Lut papa don't like
to push it.
Society in ertain ciru.les is t eominng
very, very ni L.ei.
For Whooping Cough Iaso'a Cure i, a
sc-esesful remedy - J1 I. DIELrra, ";a
Throop Ave, Brooklyn, N Y., Nov. 14, ':i.
iThere is a cla-s of mien that no amount of
effort a ill smake a Ioan of
Parker's Ginger Tonic Is popular
for Itn good wrrt. u!terI'5. tired. sioepless. nerv
ouC nou.uru flud Coth0lngl i souohing and revvlnIg.
io ysour eigh ors lihke you! If not vwhy
ll t'
What a sense of relief It I, to know
that you haven, more arnl II tnltercorn removec
them, and very coultrtlng it is I.`. at druggllst
liope caues, u- all so expleit haplpine--,
Iut few ever tind it
_FITS -.A !Fas. stopr d rre tvDr. K line'(irea
INerve Restorer. ., klaift rtl r lar i i 04) h US. .
Aarv."lous'urý'., Tr,.at ).- al, 8$1irý.l .ýt t i.fr ., t
bt ceaes, b hatsutu r.ii.,..9*; ard t an.,i'i.A.4.1'
As a rule a good hust and is a satisfied
Lust and. So with the wife
"Nanson's Iagio Corn Salve.'
Warranted to cute or money refunded. Ask yeai
druggist for It Price 15 centa.
One of the worst features of human na
ture is the unaccountable ease with whirh
friends become enemies.
If the Baby Is Cuttlng Teeth.
Die sure and a.e that old and well-tried remely, Mae
\YVuLUW's STIoTuli, STaXr, for Children Teething
The turkey i, quite useful, but his st.ut
is not Iopular.
s the Ilname given to a natu:ral oil refined, dlecvered
by me In ia,. 'I his oll i very Iprt.eIatn g o h, 
and healilng. nd Is a not. and ste ndy ,-tale fr hhe t
tstim., Acute I. alyis,%J .Nrarll.a, ,tiff Joort ald
al inramtlmattona. tend for a 4 par- ht.,k free cn
-taihlna aaiall per cent. of the no. :nt.ry eiinenllts
from tiutld8 who bhve ba-en re.hl t,,:,, h a h ao,,l
happineelbs s the us of tP,; rundJrl-tU| nrllllrtlo ,nil -
AJ,, Tl. IPA NT.,do Idoet alu-~v ,mr oed ones to,
Choke, tfflrand di ot Cou'ip, "1.0 .I t-HHe *11 ease
trll- at¢ the levetnlh hIolur..'o ti crllea, ti.e wr t
Lur.nrs ithuut leaving sc ars, and (has n, equal for cut.,
Oheir b hva.. no le-nt call on Lsigoint, ur snd dl.s
Pcltuto Iedirovesi al Iild sole liropirlior,
I1. B JuNES, LDnl.t.n. T7tO, foe Pt!.
AGENTS WAN IED EV ElY WHEE.
JONES HE PAYTM THE PREIOHT."
- Farm and Wagon
FrSCALES.
mted eatStandard. Al Sies and All Klads.
boo mn.de by a trust or controlled by a combination.
Fat Free Book and Price Lust, address
JONES OF BINOHANTON.
Bl- hamtea,N. Y.. r. ..A.
M rillions of wealth 1i biddea under
Sr i n n i t nd It. rcu'ars tIre,.
(G m Nmovlty. Pal myra. Ie.
.as." i 8HEET MUSIC
HeadoeaL R INolo teati davllave.,LoaS
ME rrAL b.dd.en tre srel. or parInul
eddre M. a. o, woa os 337 Solkuthingt4o, osa