LOUISIANA POPULIST. .
Subscription $1.00 Per Year. There is No Free Country, Unless the People Rule. Price 5 Ce
VOL. III. NATCHITOCHES, LA., FEBRUARY 5, 1897 NO. 2
The most of the business revival is in
the newspapers.
Hard times don't affect the mortgage. T
It runs right along.
The prosperity we get now will be of
the republican brand.
The banks are now demanding the
retirement of greenbacks.
The principle of direct legislation is
the only hope of the republic.
No poor man was ever afflicted with I
kleptomania. This is a disease of the
rich only.
The next thing we look for from the c
courts is a decision that the greenback I
is unconstitutional. I
The corporations are the greatest t
lawbreakers, yet they are continually
raising the cry of anarchy.
Most of the prosperity seems to be in I
the plutocratic papers only. What's
the matter with confidence?
Control of the currency means con
trol of pricec. Do you want to leave
these in the hands of bankers?
The most there is in the silver ques
tion is that it is only a step toward
the adoption of a purely scientific I
money.
There is no more fruitful source of
corruption in politics than that which
oomes from corporate ownership of
railroads.
As an economic principle an income
tax is right; it is founded upon the law
that the strongest should bear the
heaviest burdens.
One of the demands of the people's
party on the paramount issue in some
lqatlities in the south is a free ballot
and a fair count.
People th this country who want a
monarchy should go to Europe; and
mpaple in Europe who don't like a re
bwblc should stay there.
'.It is generally admitted that the
present business boom is based on con
44ence, but it is not so clear what
onfidence is based upon.
General prosperity must be based on
better prices for farm products, and
this can only be secured through cheap
money and cheap transportation.
A The people's party should be per
"~ptuated it it never elects a man to
tiake. It has forced both the old par
bes to the discussion of economic ques
tions.
Senator Caffery, of Louisiana, is in
favor ,pf retiring the greenbacks, and
4 "0t" the southeri leaders would be
tight among with him if the matter
The bankers want the government
jgo - out 0o the banking business. Of
Ri! Tye people should compel
thbatkers to go .out of the govern-.
mentlusiness.
'When ytou hear a rich plutocrat talk
In* abtist honst. loney and the na
.tjjp'.~. gdit, investigate his taxes and
in anine cases out of ten you will find
a tax dodlger.
.)Whenever the demand for property
M& money is equtal the volume is sufi
c '"tThis may be more or less, de
dii aS the amount of business and
ti lti for quick transfers.
Thbie e- prations seem to be usher
ig a prosperit by 4ydidharitg some
th eir heb. The people are ntaking
Sof all these things and will play
at the first opportunity at the
No ssan who ever nvestigated the
system of public ownership of railways
and telegraphs cn afurnish any valid
obseteoas, and thoee who have not so
Srvestlgated should not try to urge ob
fdettesL
' mie aes of coal miners at Jackson,
SOhio, have been rednuced from 61 cents
to 4 orents per ton, snlace the election.
TTe trust has rained the price of coal
' r oeans per ton. This is all on ae
..wet f the bsneass boom and return.
sgeoSldgeace. Gremt thing-for the
G O1 la a coward; It never fightu
w ariab h It is most needed it sneaks
,dt s1iM4$ta itc realy eomes out when
at, t l a: ndanger, and has always
-h , 4 A*eteirage to. rb the
g eople Its-Use Es money isa
. o _. e of bpblaM utnworthy of thet
etIPatloe ·oU to bilslhtesuth century
g~¶riya.na tha my.: ,"This is no
a1 , bemte o e anther Why,
asi shteholt thebaaraon,I
jsetaprPesaniae, vrc
LIVING POPULISM. T
TOM WATSON MAKES A FEW
REMARKS.
"It Has Called the lMasseR Into Such ]
Life and Strength as They Hlave Not
Had for a Generation.
People's Party Paper:
Its glory has been that it made its
appeal directly to the people, sought i
.o educate them, and tried to organize
them in the behalf of better govern
ment.
As a school teacher, no political par
ty ever made swifter headway than
ours. We have educated the masses as
fast as we could reach them, wherever
people would listen converts were
made. And no man ever returned to
either of the old parties after having
become a populist in principle.
It is true that our cause has suffered
much' damage at the hands of extrem
ists. Radical ranters who burlesqued
populism rather than illustrated it have
prejudiced thousands against us. The
fire-eaters who mal: war upon pri
vate ownership of property and who
seem poss sed by an insane desire to
level ever hlng in sight, alarm and
'lisgtt many a citizen whose heart
tnd whose vote would be with us if he
ander:tood us just as we are.
During the recent campaign populist.
loctrines stood a better chance to get
t fair hearing than ever before. When
die democratic party adopted our plat
'crm at Chicago, we at once gained the
oar of an immense audience which, up
o that hour, had been hopelessly hos
:ile to us. And now tL at the campaign
a over, the moral victory which popu
lism, won at Chicago is still ou's. No
lemocrat can ever hereafter be heard
!o abuse or ridicule a creed which his
)arty formally embraced.
Not only has populism done magnifi
!ent work as an edncatrr, but it has
tchleved a yet more signal triumph as
t liberator of the human mind from
'he slavery of party domination.
It has smashed party ties right and
'eft. It has broken the idols of the
narket-place in a manner beautiful to
iehold. It has well-nigh abolished the
,arty lash. It has utter y abolished so
tial ostracism for political opinion's
rake. No citizen any longer hesitates
to take sides with any party he likes,
)r to vote for any candidate he prefers.
the day of political persecution is over
-even inthe south-and populism did
!t!
Not only has our reform movement
educated and liberalized the masses,
but it leavened both the old parties
antil they themselves throb with the
restless movement of the people. Never
before did two campaign managers
work harder to satisfy the minds of
:he common people than did Jones and
Hanna. Never before did fact, argu
ment and illustration count for so
nuch in an election. Never before was
ro much economic literature printed,
listributed and read.
A few years ago what did the cam
Daign literature consist of? Lies, most
ly. The democrats would get out a
ilander or two on Blaine or Garfield,
and the republicans would concern
:heir virtuous souls with a defect or
go in Cleveland's moral character; and
:he contest was fought out on the old
,rayed and frazzled line of "Force-Bill"
on one side, and "Bloody-shirt" on the
bther.
Look into the campaign books of the
two old parties, a few years back, and
see how much space is given to mere
scandals, and how little to economic
principles!
In this campaign all was changed
and populism has done it.
Everybody sought information. The
voter wanted light. He demanded to
know the facts. The printing presses
groaned night and day to supply the
demand.
The impression prevails that Mark
FManna's money bought McKinley's
electiobn. We do not share that opin
ion. Jt is, practically impossible to
bribe people by the million.
The populist theory of money is the
only one which can successfully meet
the "sound money" argument, and
Bryan lost votes because our' detho
eratic allies were not willing to adopt
our line of reasoning.
But although the campaign is over,
the discussion of the money question
goes right on.
It has received a mighty impulse
which keeps it moving. And so greatly
disturbed is Mark lanna over the out
look, that he proposes to continue the
republican campaign organization, and
to keep it at work.
SThus has populism been doing its
work. It has put down party despot
l aismn. It has erased the lines of section
alism.. It has brought politics to a bat
tle of economic doctrines. It has
forced the money question to the front.
It has ,called the masses into such life
and strength as they have not had for
a generation. It has abolished political
intolerance. It has made huge inroads
1 pon politieal ignorance.
Let us not be discouraged, comrades.
Good government does not happen by
t eldent.
SUnder great disadvantages, we bave
Sfought a good fight. We must not'tal
* tar aur fall back. The path of duty
Iletds onWard, and we must press for
wr4 therein. T. I. W.
WHO WAS IT SIRUCK HIM? ti
An Enchnnge W~nts to Know Who lHit
U
Hilly Patterson.
Nonconformist: Looking to the states a
that were expected to give a majority
for Mr. Bryan, but which went for Mc
Kinley, we find some significant things. n
In the states of Indiana, Kentucky, c
West Virginia. Wyoming, California, o
Oregon and the Dakotas. all of which C
are in the McKinley column, or are e
saved by a scratch, a change of 25,000
or 30,000 votes in the eight states n
would have reversed the election and
suit Mr. Bryan to the White House. I
Now, why were not those states car- t
ried by Mr. Bryan?
The answer is obvious.
In all these states, except West V'ir
ginia, the populist vote was a consid
erable factor, and in several of them a
this vote was largely driven to stay at
home by the unreasonable demands of
the democrats, that the populists sur
render their organization and become t
"democrats." This they could not and t
would not rio. It is true that finally, r
just before opening the polls. fair t
union terms were agreed upon, but it I
was too late to repair the damage done
in the earlier part of the campaign. t
It was too late to heal the sores or
hide the scars made early in the sum
nmer. If the democratic party had
stopped when Mr. Bryan had been
named for the presidency, and had
recognized the fact that others than I
"democrats" desired free silver or
monetary reform, and had referred the
completion of the ticket to the ex
pected allies thna were to meet in two
national conventions. July 22, at St.
Louis. thus gracefully acknowledging
in advance the services tendered, it
would have opened the way for a union
of forces that would have contained
none of the elements of weakness that
carried defe't to the standard bearer
of the 'llied parties on the 3d of No
vember. Monetary reform is post
poned for four more years through the
stubborn party greed that demanded
all, and only yielded at a late hour
n hat was wrung from it by half-dis
hear tend., half-disgusted allies.
The nomination of Mr. Bryan was
weli done, but w hen it was accom
plished, there appeared to be still a
hankering for the "flesh-pots of
Egypt," and an effort was made to
throw a tub to the Eastern whale in
the shape of a vice-presidential nomi
nation that was in itself an insult to
the expected allies. Some of them
swallowed their chagrin, but the popu
lists being longer trained in the needs
of a campaign for reform, knew that a
victory of that sort would be "apples
of Sodom," turning to ashes at the
touch of the possessor. Some popu
lists were even willing to sacrifice all
party pride and accept thl Jrofessions
of the so-called "regenerated democ
Sr-acy," trusting all to then, but a large
pocrtion of the party could not be se
duced to such a course.
After concessions were made, the
populists very generally accepted the
situation and assisted in carrying out
the plans matured by those placed in
charge of party affairs.
The writer was one of those who
wished things could have been ar
ranged otherwise, but when the party
r conventions and officials had done all
i in their power, it was a choice of ac
I cepting the union effected or voting
I for McKinley, and there was no heasi
c tancy in making up the decision.
Elsewhere in this paper is pointed
i out the tendency of late converts or
i new recruit-, to backslide, or return to
e old issues. Our only hope lies in a
c more perfect organization of the popu
list party, and the keeping intact of all
- its educational forces. The populist
party is responsible for the great pop
e ular uprising, and it must keep abreast
o in the way of organization, nor slacken
s in any respect its efforts along the
e line marked out by the St. Louis
platform.
s ABOUT THE FUTURE.
O Depresnion in Buslness Did Not Prevenit
Corporations andi Trusts from
e Making Money.
t It is a generally acepted fact that
d business has never been so dill as dur
- ing the past year. There have been
t many failures and thousands of busi
ness houses have only been able to
r, keelt out of bankruptcy by borrowing
n money at usurioqts rates, sacrificing
property and *reducing expenses to a
o ~nimum. This has resulted in wide
y .~tldhtd rdships and misery to thot
- sand. of people. Of course there is no
e question, now that the election is over,
d that there will be a general revival in
all lines of business, but how about
:s the past year? Did the depression in
t- business and the tightness of the
r- money market'prevent the trusts from
t- making any money. Not n the least.
is The monopolies rea|l d their usual
t. enormous profits aid they will con
Fe tinue to make money for ~everal years,
r now that McKinlet is elected.
S The, Standard Oil Company paid in
is dividends to its stockholders during the
fiscal year ending November 1, the
a. sum of i30,149,500. This represents
y quarterly dividends of S per cent and
an additional dividend every quarter.
'e The American Sugar Refining Cornm
1- pany, eommolly termed the sugar
,y trust, paid to its stockholders during
- thesame period $7,028,120 faIn dividends.
In addition to this enormous sum the
trust has a surplus of $30,000,000 in [
sugar, bills and cash which has accum
ulated during the past year.
All of the other big trusts have made FI
a great deal of money during the past
year. The Western Union Telegraph
Company, which has practically a mo
nopoly of the telegraph business oi the
country, paid in dividends about $7,
000,000. The United States Leather
Company, which fixes the price of
every pair of boots and shoes that is
sold, has cleared immense profits. The
nail trust, meat monopoly, rubber trust G
and anthracite coal trust have amassed ai
large sums despite the business stagna- , C
tion. F
It is pertinent at this time to ask
what will President-elect McKinley do sl
with these monopolies? If it is true, di
and there seems not a particle of doubt It
of it, that Mr. McKinley was nominat- i
ed and elected largely through the as- to
sistance of the trusts, there is little s]
prospect of any immediate relief for e9
the people through the enforcement of el
the law. The only recourse for the ,
ridden citizens of the Unitcd States is tl
to wait patiently and put their faith
in the future. At present the outlook
is far from encouraging, but it is hoped n
that the people will be able to bear the 1
present condition of things a little e
longer. It is certainly exasperating to
be compelled to pay exorbitant prices o
for every necessary of life and to be- o
lieve that the next administration will a
be as indifferent to the woes of the peo- I o
ple as is the present one. Neverthe- a
less, let us hope for the best and trust
that Mr. McKinley's conduct of the at- c
fairs of state will result in a greaner f
measure of prosperity and happiness a
than has been the lot of millions of r
citizens during the past few years.- I
Arkansas Gazette. c
f '
Confidence.
It cannot be denied that there 1 a
great deal in the business world de- I
pending upon confidence, but we
scarcely dare to hope that confidence
alone will restore prosperity tO this
country. When banks and capitalists f
put their money out, either as a loan
or an investment, they must of course
have "confidence" that they will not
only receive back the principal, but a
return for the use of their money. If
conditions are such that the value of
t their money is appreciating, the secur
ity they demand must be gilt-edge, and
but few are able to give it. As a re
sult, money is hoarded because as it is
appreciating in value and all commod
ities depreciating in the same ratio,
no man wants to trade money for com
C modities, or invest it in enterprise.
SThis hoarding, therefore, not only ag
. gravates the situation until something
I takes place that "restores confidence"
s and induces men to let go of their
- money. It is claimed that the election
B of Mr. McKinley will do this, and we
- sincerely hope that it will. We are
frank to confess, however, that we can
a see no good, substantial reason why it
e should do so, other than the one that
t it is a change from Grover Cleveland.
a The general opinion is that it cannot
be any worse, and the universal hope is
a that it may be for the better. For this
- reason alone we may hope to see better
y times under the McKinley administra
I t!~n than we have had under that of
- Cleveland. But the reptiblicas make
g no pretense ,f doing anything that will
materially aid in establishing perma
nent prosperity. We will have the
I same grinding of trusts and relentless
taxation by railroad corporations. The
o usury mill will continue to add, to its
a grists and take its customary toll. The
Slandlord will not reduce his rent, and
I there is no probability of increase of
t wages for the workingman, There is
. no visible prospect of a rise in the
t products of the farm to even equal the
n cost of production. There may be a
e temporary period of prosperity, but it
a will likely be for those only who are
able financially to manipulate it all
at their own interests. The speculator
may profit by a temporary stimulation
of prices, but by the time it reaches
t the outer edges of the great industrial
world it will probably have spent its
force without having benefited to any
t great extent the real producers of
. wealth.
G overnment Telegraphs.
SWhy should not every postofflce be a
o telegraph station under government
g control?
g Strike your congressman while the
a iron is hot for government control of
" the telegraph.
SMake the subject of government con
LO trol of the telegraph a matter of in
r, terest to candidates for congress of
any and all parties.
Last year the telegraph lines of Great
n Britain, owned by the government,
e transmitted over 80,000,000 messages. In
m this country the Western Union mo
* nopoly handled very little over two
ii thirds that number. However, what
* the matter lacked in business it more
Sthan made up in charges. The differ
ence is that on the other side the busi
ness is done at cost for the benefit of
ie all the people, while in this country
ue sers of the telegraph are compelled to
pay all that the traffic will bear for the
benefit of a private monopoly. How
much longer are we going to stand it?
- Reliei is in sight. See or write to your
r senators and. congressmen and insist
g that they vote for the bills now pend
-.. ing in both houses for the establish.
1e ment of a postal telegraph,
IS FOR HUMANITY.I~
j !'
FIRST SERVICE OF THE UNION u1
CHURCH.
rP
-1.
Rev. Flavius J. Brobst Fearless InI:s I el!
Flaying of the Slave IMasters of Today
-- Prelunle and Sermon of Marked In- di
terest. th
A iarge audience was present in the mi
Grand Opera I-louse, Chicago, recently a
at the initial services of the "Union in
Church Association," of which Re:. '
Flavius J. Brobst is pastor.
'Henry Ward Beecher's tight against 10
slavery, with reference to present cou- o
ditions," was the subjec: of the pi- in
lude. The speaker began by telling I'
what the famous orator had to con- fo
tend with when he undertook to fight t
slavery. "The press," said he, "was
either silent or against him. The me:- i
chants of the land ridiculed himn. He I
was lampuor. d and caricatured o
throughout the country. The pulpit i tI
was enraged at his broad interpreta
tion of scripture- Mobs were organize.,
and bitter and ma!ignant threat'. made. 19
His very name became a synonym for r'
everything that was low and mean.
Yet under this fire the great Beecher 1
only grew more determined. it served
only to lift him to sublimer lheight.
and the battle royal was kept up for
i over twenty years before humanity
achieved its splendid viL ory.
"But the slave master we have to
contend with now is more subtle, more i
ferocious: He dominatee the country a
and the world. He is many tir'es k
richer and more arrogant than of old. v
He is very respectable. The pulpit
calle it a divine institution--this slav
cry-and assaults any man who dares c
critcise it." '
The speaker, referring to N. D. Hil
lis, a south side preacher and his ut- '
terances during the late campaign,
said that he was "trying to make out a
of the grand American emblem the
black flag of piracy. The men whom
George Washington fought, the En
glish George III., had some parts."' I
said he, "that aippealed to one, bu4 the
shylocks of our day arouse all the op
position of my heart. The degenerate
successor of Beecher," he continued,
"lent the influence of his own paper
that the shylock system might suc
ceed."
The sound of Parkhurst's name was
greeted with hisses. The speaker
scored a strong point when speaking
of this sensational New York preacher,
he said: "See the inconsistency o'
this man. Before the election he lent
his assistance to the gold power, and
last Sunday he decried th, ladies of
r his odrigregation because they bought
goods in the cheapest places, and thus
a helped starve the sewing girl. Bu: he
himself did a thousand times more
harm to the servant girl and all wage
t earners when he upheld the gold stand
t ard." Continuing his prelude, he at
. tacked a west side minister for" his
t words in favor of gold monopoly before
s election and his recent assault against
s trusts.
r The sermon which followed was on
the theme, "Comrades of the Al
I mighty." His sermon was a masterly
e one, and he fearlessly laid his lash on
1 the mltilsters who supported monopoly
and abandoned the interests of their
e flock. "They would like," said he, "to
Shave us spend out of our hearts and
e minds the principles we stood for be
cause gold has temporarily triumphed,
but one day they shall see the monop
d oly of greed struck by the cause of hu
manity, aend it shall go down never to
s rise again."
The aim and object of the new
Schurch was then enlarged upon by J.
a T. Sutherland, who stated that it
it would be re.igious, humanitarian and
e, social. It was destined to be especially
11 conspicuous by its social features. He
rlaid great stress on the point that
n every one was free to give what he
s chose or thought he was able to give,
Sbut everyone was welcome. It was
ms en they wanted and hot their money.
> SCAPEGOATS.
An Alleged Agreement Between Senator
,Jones anti Marion Butler.
a A Washington correspondent of tl:he
it Chicago Times-Herald is reslponsible
for the following:
te "Altg~ld, Tillmnan and Debs are to
3 be dropped from the silver combina
tion. Before Senator Jones and other
n free silver leaders left Chica:go last
1- week they agreed upon a line of polliy
Di for the coming four years. Whether
;r not they will be able to follow it is
It another matter, but I am able to tell
it, with accuracy the nature of their
In agreement. They decided the agita
0- tion for free coinage of silver must go
- on. They wish, however, to cut loose
at from Altgeld, who, they claim, was a
re millstone around Bryan's neck; from
r- Tillman, whose uncouth and violent
- utterances were the cause of much
of alarm, and from Debs, whose promi
ry nence in the campaign for Bryan
to alarmed all friends of social order and
ie industrial peace.
w "Moreover, the silver campaign of
t? the future is to be waged without any
ur complicating conditions, such as the
st attack upon the Supreme court and
d- upon the pc wer of the president to
hi suppress disorder which interferes
. -!th interstate coinmerce. It was
agreed by Senators Jones, Butler ana
their confreres that if it had not been
for Altgeld, Tillman and Debs the un
wise attack upon the Supreme court
and the unnecessary condemnation of
President Cleveland in order to please
1Altgeld, Bryan would have won the
election.
"Senators Jones and Butler had no
difficulty in reaching an agreement
that Senators Jones and Butler are to
:5e the two big men of the silver move
ment of the future. They are already
laying their plans for bringing Bryan
into their combination, though they do
not agree that Bryan shall have the
nomination in 1900. They want him
to take the leadership in a campaign
of edication that is shortly to be set
in motion and if he does so with the
idea that he is sure to be the candidate
four years hence that is his lookout.
Senator Bu:ler has given a pledge to
support tl( mn:vement and lie is re
I lied upon to swing the populists into
line rai!n. Senator Jones has no sort
of doubt that his own leadership in
the democratic ranks will be acqul
esced in iAthout question."
The pro abllitiet, are that the above
is a pure ficion. but it will be ac
oeptcd a.t true until officially denied.
Perhape it is only a shrewd guess.
bsed on the univerrsu disposition of
the feow who is beaten to look about
for R s.aregca t to ca .'y the burden
of hi'. sins into the wilderness of
oblivion.
If it is true. Messrs. Jones and But
Ic; have undertaken a c:ontract that
is like!vy to embarrass them. The rank
and file who have followed these blhn
uercrs to defeat are not tendering any
vote of thanks to Jones or Butler jui
:ow. Mr. Bryan's letter to Mr. Jones
vas characteristicady courteous atnd
magnanirnour, but does not reflect the
sentiments of the public.
Jones and Butler art ha-dly in a
)osition to read other leaders out of
'he party, and reach the climax of
absurdity when they presume to make
1 platform and nominate a candidate
ocr 1900.-Civic Review.
RURAL WISDOM.
The Farm 'Products Which Are tl e
Farmer's Income Should Not Be
Taxed.
The farmers assembled in national
congress at Indianapolis have taken
tle bull by the horns and come out
plainly for want plutocrats usually
style anarchy, but which common
sense defines as much-needed reform.
They take stronqg exceptions to the
decis'on of the Supreme Court on the
income tax law and declare that inas
much as the farmers' income includes
all the products of the farm, all farm
products should be exempt from taxa
tion or assessment. To the agricultural
districts the supreme judges might
well repair to learn the common sense
interpretation of law, and should the
provision levying taxes upon farm pro
ducts be taken before the same su
preme court that decided the income
tax law unconstitutional, that tribunal
could not consistently hold a different
view on the income of the farmer, but
consistency is no jewel with that au
gust body; its decisions are based up
on the financial standing of the parties
interested in the controversy up for ad
judication, and should, a farmer at
I tempt to have a law-,taxing him de
r clared unconstltutinal, the judges
Swould no doubt gire him the "horse
laugh" and have him sent to jail for
contempt of court. That is generally
a poor man's sportion.
They did not stop with this timely
Jab at the courts, but passed resolo
tions demanding that the existing laws
against trusts be enforced by the au
thorities, and that where they are not
s. trong enough they should be made
st ronger. The farmers perhaps see the
direct effect of trusts more than any
other clhss, and are very active in their
demands to have the law applied. But
why is the law not enforced? We have
executive ofhicers enough to enforce
them: if they fail they can call upon
the militia; It that fails they can call
upon the United States army. But
who ever heard of the military being
brought into play to make trusts or
r corporations respect the law? It Is an
unknown clrcumstance and will prob
ably always remain an unseen spec
0 tacle. That force is reserved to pump
e lead into workTig people. The authori
I ties do not wait for workingmen to
0 break a law; the military is called out
- in anticlpatio of law breaking, but
r which seldom occurs until peanut
headed mili!taty officials force it.
SCommittee after committee has been
Sappointed by both congress and state
Slegislatures to investigate charges
Sagainst trusts, but in some mysterious
manner nothing has ever been done.
Evidence of the existence of trusts and
combines has been gathered in profu
a sion by committees of congress, but ac
m cording to an established custom it is
,t always sidetracked before It reaches a
h focus and the trusts live on and flour
I. Ish, flaunting the emblem of corrup
i tion in the faces of the people who are
Id led to believe that they have represent
atives in congress.
of May the expressions of these farm
y ers grow until they sweep the country.
he -St. Louis Evening Journal.
to Confidence may start the factories
es but it wor't buy the goods manufao
as ttred.