SAn Albany paper tnquirm: "What is
tame?" Well, we don't know; but we
don't believe any man can be truly ft
motm nowadays until he has been cured
of some patent medicine disease and
got his picture into the papers as mirac
ulously saved.
A Connecticut man has asked his
friends to buy tickets at $5 each for ad
mission to his suicide. He proposes to
enter a cage containing a lion and allow
himself to be eaten by the beast in full
view of the audience. But how about
a rebate if the lion has a fit of Indiges
tion or Isn't hungry?
A new telescope has been constructed
in Paris that will bring the moon into
handshaking proximity to this terres
trial sphere. It is to be hoped that no
body will attempt to "touch" the man
in the moon.
Oom Paul says that In all his Trans
vaal disturbances the Bible was his
constant guide. It has enabled him to
swap a chance to board and clothe five
fellows fifteen years for $500,t0 in cold
cash-pretty good bargain.
If any one finds a stray church organ
held under auspicious circumstances It
is probably the property of the congre
gatio; of the Pleasant Valley Church,
Barton Conmty, Kan. That is believed
to hb the only church in the United
states to-day that has lost its organ by
theft. The crime is souiiew-hat unusual,
as ordinarily church organs would be
rega :rded as too bulky to be successfully
concealed by robbers. It is particularly
beinoue in this lnstance, as the instru
ment represents the results of numer
ous socials and church festivals. There
is no suspicion that the music emitted
by the organ has had anything to do
with its abrupt taking off or that the
singing inspired by the organ has arous
ed anj latent predatory instincts in any
of the congregat:on. The sole theory
enter tainei is that some aggregation of
persons simply stole the organ either
because they wanted an organ or need.
ed the money it would sell for, and that
Is the kind of a person chiefs of pollee
have been notified to look out for.
How's Thlos
TWe offer One Hundred Dollars Reward to
sa ease of Catarrh that cannot be oured by
lP Catarr Cure.
F. J.Cazsyv & Co., Props., Toledo O.
We, the undersigned, have k. own F. J.Che.
Bey for t b last 15 years, and believe him per
feotl~ honorable in all busines, transactions
sad An c ally ahto carry out any oblige.
Liss made by th,r xra.
War & TaUz, Wholesale Druggists Toledo,
Ohio.
Wauu o. KRtaw & Mataan, Wholesale
Druggists. Toledo, Oh.o.
Ha'l's Cauarrk Cure, i taken internally, act
agn directly upon the bloo I adl muoaus sur.
faces f the vsytem. Prle, t. ,. per bottle. to,
brve Ir-.-Iisrs. 'restlmontalsfro.
Hall's Family Pills are tha best.
PROVIDKnc, I. L
YM. J. T. SacPraTxn. SaROannaCl, .L
Dear ir:--"Pl. as we .d haif-a-dosen boxes
of pyonr Tarrsnas, C. O. D. TisL make. one
at> one hnl dos n lb ve ordered iarm yoe.
leae I have used my-sl', the remainder I dis
t uted among fri.-d. requiring it. It has
eacted A ure in every, ass whom tried.
ome of tem Iav been doctoring with our
be-t pys clas, both here and in Baosto for
Tars without any benefit. Some said it could
ot be 'ured. a It wa4 inherit. d. bat one box
at Tsrruts effected a complete care. I
llalwa,.e teeparupplr on hnri, u I new
myslf what it is worth. Or teoulh rms,"
P. O. Hssto,
Silwr Bprlngr B.e e C.
MIImar allfor 50e. in s'amps.
Le You Satleld With V bat Tau Knew,
Or woid yoe g adly improve your stoca of
knwOldge? You my 'tot have 0 or you
m spare for a 10-rvoume eneve.nolpd but
eaa afford to par filty cents tao a Hand
OsLefe onerw luformution. You won't want
to eves th s unle-s e are desialrous of
rmoing your mind and believe that a rve
huedre.ipge book, fited with a condensed
sam oat a abls kuowledge, will be read by
yes. This valable Enc otopedia wll be sent
aeaid or fifty cn n stamps br te Book
Fuhi'hsu olset, Igo Leonard St..'NI. Y. I tt.
Dvrper who ha t otai lr aile atdt
ss" d takeadvustaga a ttis greet ces at
saes ad stare his mind with the valuble
taarscoiafrdntot"iamo
The greatest wa-rlr i he who sea truth.
thlly say: I am the Napol on of yse t."
3Sar sce 1S there be bees wome ws
ea sem~ who im that tlhe r a asosp al
Sa , sod. m seeomieal Dob3tas letra.
* Eem mef It rom truth hL thsr dclat. Try
m he bw muh. Toer er ha Li
nh stusin r o a nightinalie Iass oertala
ob Dr. Kline. Areh &t. Phta., P i
"-" .-7'?"ff~RR~RR~ "" b "I ,
Look I
to thesgi Lo esr e year blood.
bhi sea bs asboM tmeL aym. a
Thessa m ss eaer llas heemperaro I
- lhmna mpil , Illy ights, loweuag t
a eh e ids toeae, parnmemis, *
t Hood's
SarsaparilIa
as.h s U N 4 et)eath m ata lhsear .
U~br e krw io Llra rt
;;k
t is WHEN WE WERE OIRL&
we -
fa "Do you mind the widow Ms quut
red in'?
end Her daughter Sue was a flighty thing;
Always laughin' an' flirtin' an' jiltin',
An' wearin' this'n an' t'other's ring.
Sbhe's dead this twenty year, poor ereeter.
She had soft blue eyes an' a head o'
his curls.
td- Seems like the maids an' flowers were
to sweeter
)w When we were girls.
ull
ult "How it snowed that day, though 'twi s
ti just November!
s- Was the quilt 'Log Cabin' or 'hi'lsi
Chain"'
ed have forgot. But I well remember
o The widow's nephew from down in
Maine.
- When we shook the cat, he set her yellin',
o- A' bounced her out in about three
Ln whirls,
They had many ways o' fortune tellin'
When we were girls.
1s
Is "Don't you remember the spellin' battle
to 'Twas summer then, and the weather
To fine
dhl When Polly Jenks spelt 'e-a-t-1, cattle,'
An' Temp'rance Trimble 'v-i-g-n, vine?'
But what did it matter, word or letter?
They had cheeks like roses, teeth like
to pearls,
It Men were the same-no worse, no better
When we were girls.
S"'Twas the master himself that Polly
married.
t Why, Jane, what ails ye? What makes
, ye sigh?
You could not wed while the grandsire
tarried;
ly So youth an' roses an' love went by.
ly They tell me Poly is fine and haughty
u- In boughten roses an' boughten pearls,
r- An' the master, just the same that taught'
re ye
,d When we were girls.
to "Oh, the winter time, full o' rides an'
dances;
The summer days, when we sang an'
spun;
y The meetin'-house, an' the stolen glances
)f Across the aisle when the prayer was
er done!
I- Fifty year since we two were twenty;
Lt But it all comes back as the smoke
ue apcurls
The joy an' hope an' love an' plenty
When we were girls.
-Harper's Basar.
RAID ON THE STILL.
1 "Just thought I would stop ty a anin
ute, Miranda, if to say nothing more
than I hoped you were all well," said
Mrs. Jonathan Jackson to her friend
Mrs. Samuel Pearl.
"Take a seat, Ellsabeth, and make
yourself at home. It's precious little
conversation, though, one can have,
with one's neighbor about what's going
on in the mountains, with the men folks
talking nothing all the time except
them revenue sharks." And Mrs. Pearl
looked uneasily through the window of
the little sitting-room that commanded
• a general view of the mountain road
that skirted past her home like the trail
of a serpent and was lost In the gloom
I of the cedar trees that, mingling with
the dense underbrush, caught the eye
on all sides.
"How's Alice?" asked Mrs. Pearl
rather abruptly.
I "Fair as can be expected, Elizabeth.
a The girl don't seem to be the same crea
ture since Ike went away, though the
Lord knows I thought a great deal of
t the boy; more so than I ever let on to
Jonathan. But Jonathan was down on
r the lad, and what's a weak woman go
ing to do against a strong man's opposi
sighed?" And M:r4, Jonathan Jackson
sighed.
s "Been five year now, Miranda, since
Ike went away. I always wondered
why he leCt here, but folks can't be per
sonal, you know, and ask questions that
don't concern them," Mrs. Pearl said in
r quisitively, drawing her chair a few
Inches nearer to Mrs. Jonathan Jack
son.
"Well, Ellabeth, knowing you don't
talk about other people's business"
and here Mrs. Jackson looked suspi
clously at her guest-"l don't mind tell- I
1ug you of the affair. Ike Holland, you
me, Jonathan took out of an orphan
asylum when the boy was about 2 years
old, and bmnoght him bome to raise.
J fonathan had been on a visit to Nash
vlle and thought nothing would be bet-.
ter than to bring the lad here. 'Twas a
little befor le Ale wa born, and the I
boy, It seems, became.attached to the '
girl from her birth. But Jonathan was I
proud and 'he nued to tell Ike how he
came to be In the family, and thet he 1
owed him a great deal. You know how
tIh grew up to manhood,and how it was *
sid that in these parts there wasn't one
who anuld stand up and fght the reven- t
me ofeers lLke Ike?
"lhere's many a distillery whleh the
lad saved by warnlng the owners, and a
Jonathan hlmself is under obligatlon E
to the boy on that mcor But the day
*as when I daw that Ike thought a c
gat deal of my girl, and that she I
wm't at all displeased with his atten- '
ions But Jonathan was bild-never 1
ssmnd to se that the two were torever i
in ach other's company. One day Ike, t
an-Hlke, tenl Jonathan he wished to f
marry the gidrl But Jeoathan became e
uarious, and told im he wssa't any- d
thiaghuta alera e ouatast-n object Ia
- ofarity. He wet further- struck 1
the id a teeble blow. That wasu as
awer. Ikeo did not strike beck. 5 o
head him mutter somethl 'tor Aie's tl
srbs.' But the lad raised his hbad and e
wore that he wou e n up thtl4as I
w athan If It took umtil jdgmeat b
*. Thr he wnmt away, and no one a
a .b aodls sety to nmasl. a
'Im. Psarims ) w wMie pem with lI
rsm s, and kse wnsesad hew te p
tem rs s of as a's searaw had a
desgbj MiamMe, sa I u I
Sll Ier Is lt Us t * rdmd lnd ai
cast spectral figures here and then
among the trees.
a Mrs. Jackson then lighted the oil lam]
and made ready for the evening suppet
Presently the sound of a conveyanc,
was heard in the roadway, and Jona
ter. than Jackson and his daughter Alic
o' alighted. They had been down to the
village, a ride of twenty miles over tin
ece mountain roads, to provide themselvie
with some necessary supplies.
"'What's the news in the village, Jona
than.?" inquired his wife.
S "Nothing much; sonlme reports ablou
, Ihe revenue ofli'ers, though I didn'l
take much stock in thle stories." An(I
Jonathan relapsed into a moody silence
in The rest of the meal was eaten it
quiet, and after the dishles were clearedi
in', away Jonathan sat comfortably by the
ree fire and smoked his pipe, as the Novemn
her evenings were becoming chilly and
unpleasant.
After an hour had passed there was
the sound of a horseman approaching
ter near to the house, and a moment later
someone knocked at the door.
"Does Jonathan Jackson live heret"
I' inquired the newcomer.
"'My name is Jonathan Jackson." an
e swered the master of the house. "What
Is your business?" And Jonathan looked
at the stranger with suBsicion.
"I am making a journey over the
Ily mountains and would I!':" to st:1: ire
to-night at least."
tes For a moment Jon'' a looked str
prised. Then "I ..de the stranger en
ire ter, while he went outside and put up
his horse.
In the light or rne room the stranger
Is, appeared to be a man of some 30 years
ht' of age. Re possessed a dark beard of
luxuriant growth, which concealed
what would have been considered a
handsome face were it bereft of Its
n' hirsute appendage. The guest took his
seat near the fire and kept his peace.
In a few minutes Jonathan returned
and joined the family circle.
as "It appears to me, stranger, I saw you
to-day in the village," Jonathan ven
tured.
ke "Possibly; I was there," the guest an
swered.
"On business?"
"On business."
Then Jonathan was silent for a mo
ment. He was apparently ill at ease.
"I suppose you have heard that it is
J. pretty dangerous traveling in these
parts?" again ventured Jonathan.
n "Is it?" said the stranger. And Jona
re than became more dissatisfied with his
Id way of eliciting information.
id "Stranger, it appears to me that it
might be better that you give your
name and business in traveling over
le these mountains," Jonathan spoke
e, bluntly.
g The stranger's eyes flashed like coals
of fire, and then he answered calmly:
tt "My name is Arthur Smith. My busi
rl ness was that of a moonshiner or keeper
tf of an illicit distillery-that is, until I
d was driven out of North Carolina."
d "Why, why tell me this?" Jonathan
i1 asked surprised.
n "Because I believe I am speaking
h with a brother moonshiner. Probably
e you may be able to refer me to someone
in these parts who may need my serv
il ices."
"We will have to see about it," said
the master of the house, without com
mitting himself, and In a few minutes
e Smith was shown to his room, as the
,f nlht was getting late.
o The next morning Jonathan went out
early an' returned soon after with some
of his neighbor's friends. Smith was
up on Jonathan's return, and the men
all held. a short conference together,
which seemed to prove satisfactory all
e around. The result was that the stran
ger, Arthur Smith, had joined the band
of illicit distillers carrying on thel" call
t ing in the mountains. For the present
Smith put up at the house of Jonathan,
and in the evening, before darkness ap
proached, went up to the latter's still,
located In an old mill on the bank of a
t rushing torrent some distance up the
mountain, whih in days gone by had
been used togrind their corn, which tnry
purchased from the farmers on the low
Slands below.
Reports had reached the mountain
I eers that strangers had been seen in the
village at the foot of the mountains,
and the secret stills were rarely in op
eration of late. Smith, the stranger,
owing to the late turn in affairs, had
plenty of spare time on his hands and
Swould wander off alone up the moun
Staln road and turn off into the dense
undergrowth to be gone hours at a time.
He was a particularly reticent man,
never ventured a question and answer
ed those put to him In the most laconic
way imaginable. Once in a while, when
the others were not looking, his gase
would be riveted on Alice, and Mrs.
Jackson would shrewdly smile to herself
and declare inaudibly that the girl had
made a conquest.
One evening as darkness was coming
on Alice returned from the house of
Mrs. Pearl. where she had made a short
velt, and ooming suddenly around a
bend in the road she observed two men
in earnest conversation. One was Ar
thur Smith, the other a stranger. Only
for a moment did the two men seem to
eonveree, and soon the newcomer had
dlsappeared, When Smith reached Jon- 4
athan's house it was but shortly after
Allee arrived.
lately the mountain stills had been
operated more frequently than for some
time. The reports of the revenue oi.
erm infesting the mountains had be
eome lab frequent and the stills were 4
ben operated with a greater degree
o seeurity.
"We had better be gettiag up the
mountain, lad," Jonatban said one even
lag ts eer. Supper had been pre
pared earler than usual, for Joitba~'s
still was to be worked In the gowing
dusk.
"Ft'li lew you in halft an bhour. eel
thr badly t-ay, but believe I'Fll be I
3 rlght la a ahbrt whle," Smith an
- l = lmely.
myear weL, Smlth In .... .s ' I
re Probabaly some twenty minutes had
elapsed when Smith left the house and
Ip leisurely made his way toward the se
,r. cret still. Alice watched the stranger
e closely, and when Smith had disappear
a- ed she threw a shawl over her head-
'e there was an unpleasant chillinese in
no the mountain air-anti followed in his
tc wake.
The old mill which concealed the still
was some three-quarters of a mile from
Jonathan's house, and as Alice proceed
ed on her way she o:casioually caught
it a glimpse of the forms of strange men
t in the dense undergrowth, going evi
d dently in the same direction with her
[ t-lf. Once a strange man glanced at
n her suspiciously. but did not molest her.
t1 lie was armed with a shotgun, and took
her probably for somne one who was re
turning fromi a visit to a neighboring
m1 ountaineer's home.
Soon the girl reached the old mill. In
the eveuning twilight the dying sun was
g fast disapeparing behind the moun
tains, leaving a faint glare in its wake,
which lit up the scene with a soft gold
en light. Smith, the stranger, was stand
ing motionless in front of tile mill, peer
ing anxiously now and then into the
dense undergrowth otn Iwth sides of the t
stream, which in past days had furnish
ed the nmotlve power for the now use.
less wheel. Alice. Jackson wa.tched
Smith Intently for a moment, and then
approached himn and laid her hand gen.
tly on his shoulder.
Ike, why do you hount. my father like t
this'" spoke the girl, softly.
Smith gazed at his questioner In a
startled way for a moment, and then c
with an effort recovered his usual air
of stolid indifference.
"You know me, Alice. I had hoped i
time had wrought such a change in my
nature and looks that none would rec.
ognlize me. You probably know why I
am here." A
"You are a revenue officer, and your
presence here at this moment is to sig. o
nal your men, who are here on all sides, r
to trap my father and the few men who V
are in the still."
"I see you know all. When I left '
your father's house, as I did like a beg- P
gar and an outcast, I swore to ruin him.
If I signal now to my men in the woods
In a few minutes I will have the evi- b
dence necessary to send him to the peni- tt
tentiary. And yet, if you had only taken b
my part, all might have been different." 9
And Ike IIolland's voice grew soft and
sad. d
"How could I take your part, Ike, ex- R
cept by going with you-and you never
asked me to do that?" spoke the girl, a
feelingly. s
"And would you, had I done so?"
Ike did not need an answer to his
question. In a moment he realized that i
he, the hunter of Jonathan Jackson, d
was still beloved by his daughter. In *
the growing darkness of the evening C
the two strolled back to Jonathan's -
house, and the men in the woods, who
awaited their leader's signal, wondered
what changes had taken place in Ike
Holland's plans. Jonathan also was die.
appointed in not seeing Smith at the
still, and after that night he never saw
him there again.
"Ihear that Alice has eloped with that
yoang man who was stopping here,"
said the irrepressible Mrs. Pearl, a few ,
days after the events last narrated.
"Some says as he was nobody other a
than Ike Holland, though I never did s
put much confidence in idle gossip."
Mrs. Pearl had heard of the late turn c
in affairs, and had paid Mrs. Jackson
a neighborly call to verify sundry ru- w
mors which interested her very much.
"Yes, Ike and Alice were married in
Nashville two days ago," answered Jon- m
athan's wife.
"And what does Jonathan say?' ruth
lessly questioned Mrs. Pearl.
"What can he say?" And Mrs. Jack
son's eyes snapped resentment at the
question. "Hie's got sensible at last,
and says he never would have given Ike
Holland credit for such courage. Any
way, now that he has got a son-in-law
a revenue officer he declares he Is going
to quit keeping a still and live an honest wi
life. Maybe one of these days I may
persuade Jonathan to run down to
Nashville with me, but not ]ust yet."-
Washingtor. Post.
Demand tor Mother of Pearl.
Considering the vast values In gem
pearls obtained from the eastern fish
cries, It is surprising to find that thq
plain, unromantic mother of pearl se4
cured is of even greater worth. Preot
vious to the discovery of the extensive
Australian fishing grounds In 1865, the
supply of mother of pearl was dlmin '
ishtng, while the demand was Increas
ing. The large shelled species already
mentioned are there found in fine qual
ity. The shells are the size of large
soup plates, weigh a pound each, and
amre worth about $1 a pair. An expert
diver, in diving dress, will collect 800
or 400 pairs in a day. About 100 gem
pearls are found in every ton of these
shells.
Beautiful art work in carved and in
laid mother of pearl has long been pro
duced in China and Japan. Some idea
of the extent of its European use In the
arts and manufactures may be had
from the fact that 800,000 people are
engaged in working mother of pearl in
Austria, and half that number in
France, while the value of the annual
import into England is nearly $1,000,
000. In the Philippine Islands windows
are made of mother of pearl, and James
Anthony Froude, in his volume of rvoy
aging in Oceana, deserlbes frightful
Maorl idols with slips of mother of
pears glittering In their eye ekets;
while in Cashmere It is the cutom to
Inlay the inascriptions In tombstones
with the same exquisite substance. To
cap the climax of cuarlous uses t the
lautrous ere, it is sald that large
quantitles of seed pearls are lmperted
late China to be calcined Into medleies
tsr thm Celettals-Psplr eilese
WeastLe,
ALMOST A MIRAOLE.
THE RESTORtTION TO HE4LTH OF A
rPIOMIINENT MAN.
Worn Out by Exposure and Brokea Down
in Health He Was in Misery for
Months-Is Now a Well and
Happy Man-Read the
Story.
From the Necws, Clarksburg, W. Vt.
In the interest of common humanity, your
reporter has. tho honor to send you an inter
esting and prctltable Interview had with one
of Harrison County's most highly esteemed
citizens, concerning his narrow and miracui
ous escape from death. The person referrel
to is Mr. Floydl E. Barnett, of Jarvisville,
West Virginia, who is well known throngb
out Harrison County and other seotions of
the State.
Mr. Barnet' j narrative is as follows: "1
live at Jarvisville, West Virginia, was born
and raised thee-, and am thirty-nine year,
of age. I am a farmer by oocoupation, and
the exposure ant hardships incident to this
life finally overcame a strong constitution,
and in the month of May, 1894. I was seized
with what the medical fraternity pronounced
qiiatic rheumatism.
"Tne disease was first felt ia the hip an i
soon b.camer severely painful. Within a
short time the whole lower extremity was
affected and became tarribly swollen, and at
times the pain which was almost Unbearable
extended up into th l shoulder. I consulted
the best physiclins and speclalists in the
country, some of whom treated me some
time, but to no successful purpose. I used
various patent me.litenes and liniments of
wide recommendation, but none of them
gave relief. I worned along this way for
some months, being unable to work and at
times unable to move. I became restless at
night ant I cull not sleep. The disease
seemed to affe-'t my heart and it was utterly
impossilble to lie on my left side on sccount
of the seriousness of the pain at the heart.
i"My condition seemed a hoplelss one and
I was much discouraged. when by chance I
happened to read an account in the Wheel
inm Independent of the wonderful cure of a
person afflicted like myself, that Dr. Will
iams' Pink Pills had effected. This was some
time in the month of December. I immedli
ately procured a bex and began to use them.
A change commen,.ed at once.
"I continued to take the pills until I felt
eatirely cured To-lay I am a well and
sound man. The pills not only cured my
rheumatism, but drove that troublesome
pain from my heart as well. For more than
a year now I have not been troubled in the
slightest with either malady, or any other
for that matter. I am a strong man and
perform as much manual labor as any far
mer."
Mr. Barnett is a man highly respected for
veracity. His statements are corroborated
by his neighbors and his recovery s ascribed
to the use of Dr. Williams' P.lls. As he talked
to your reporter, he showed every sign of
being a man in excellent health and only too
glad to tell the simple story ef how his life
was saved by the use of the pills.
Dr. Williams' Pint Pills contain, In a con
deused form, all the elements neceseary to
give new life and richness to the blood and
restore shattered nerves They are an un
failing specific for such disease as loeomotor
ataxias, partial paralysts. St. Vitus' dance,
sciatiea, neuralgia, rheumatism, nervous
headache, the after effect of Ia grippe, palpi
tation of the heart, pale and sallow com
plexions, all forms of weakness either la
male or female. Pink Pills are sold by all
dealers, or will be sent post paid on receipt
of price, $0 cents a box. or six boxes for
St50, by addres-ing Dr. Williams' Medicine
Company, Schenectady, N. Y.
THE PEOPLE CAN BUV
From as at wHOLESALu raics, and
second-hind books will be cheaper still
Write for our catalogue and price list.
W. H. OWINUS,
sur First Avenue, Birmingham, A.
S1,Ot11A1 I, A N Dl--1110 will hay land
Senough fors farm. I have ,o es of best tralt
and vegelabte lands near the town of Orove City,
mubdvlded into ten acre tracts at $t per acre. One
mile from Lemon bay, two miles frnm Gulf of
Mexico. Practically below frost. The land has
natural drainage, wth all the timber necessary for
all.tn C and fen ing purposes. Saw mill near by.
bw, while lIndS a cheap, is the time to secure a
farm In this, the oming section of the South Gulf
Coast. Address with stamp D. W, Arlie, Grove
City, Florida,
Why LetYour Ohlekens,
Hogs Cattle and Honse Die?
Dr. Salmon's Medlcies are guaranted to oars
and fatten them or money refunded. If or dealer
annot supply von sed cents for large sample
ande a Farum 's hand-hook of information.
Vsearlnsar tiedielie Ce., Nashville, re.o..
lf "R TIl Permonth. We procure
COUCh & LUGEINIU L, 8uou. GA.
Circular, 2 cnts, I. d& MI.
AJK4N('Y, Palmyrs, Pens.
 Also Agents Wanted for new line of Speciltiee.
- lEnCMp Latte Blue Barred Plyniesi
.anUIU..,. Re and UhiH lraing Cock
eres, 'reom prize stock On y $i sach. Mrs.
Gemperts, Lady Lake, Finrida.
WUIMYrrAT YOUNG IN tND L DIIU TO LneARN
WAN/I EUT epy for talons on r~Ilroa
LIOI, Dallas, '1 eas.
PITENITS a) yea.' oxpelqelse, dteteh
A Wmuvun, IeGin Bulding, Wuhilton. D. C.
EVERIY MAN HS OWN DOCTOR
ft . emitltes Ayrm. N, 1. .
Thisisa aaest VaJinble Book for
se H.sehold, tqmciung as It does
Nhe easly-dltingusahed Symptomn
et diferent Diseases the Causes
aud Means of Prrenting such Di
sad the Birplest remedies
will alleviatm or curs.
. . 898 PACES,
PROPU6ELY Il.LUi I RATED.
The Book is written in plain ever
SIey lit(sbh, and is free fromn h
terms which reer most
Deeter Books so valuelee to the
* saeIty of reader. Tbhis Rook I
led to be of Bervice ia the
S 1mlty. sal is so worded as to be
Smadily uadestood by all. Only
60 0CT. POST-PAID.
- a ,-s a-,  haew - ( aw pries om being made
mlNK ltrmatio Relative M io r bel maproperly rove a Complyet
udinsl OJI.aI1hSlaICrnluse of ' HL!YMaber
Net Edito, sal bam wbe Co mplete ls. W this eek la
a o. bes there e t eas or knowing what tb de l.an emergee. Dad't
war it ll oe hae IMr a ear al befire o arder, but el s -age
for t. valuable volme. ONLY 6 0 1S POST-PAID. Send peal
moteer poage stamp of say eolnastbo ar larger than 5 coats..
BOOK PUBLISHINO NOUSR 184 Lenard Street, N. Y. Oty.
Gladness Comes
Sith a b tter unIderstari:inri of the
transient nctnur of t:ie n!tcy phys
ical ills wi hi vani I f, r;-re prto~er ef
forts-gentle: tfforts -prle: _.rit t ffirts
rightly directed. There i:; nf:f,.- in
the knowlcho that so n::.v 1 rms of
sickness are not dlue to an::; actual dis
ease, but simply to a c ,nmti; :Lted cl,ndi
tion of the system, whl:,' ta:o plasant
family laxative, Syr,ap ,f Fiw.promnpt
ly remover. T'a. is whiy it is the only
renmed!y w;th mi!';:n". o f mi:;z;,an.l i.
everywhc'- estee :ir o oh:: ,r by all
who value g,,od health. Its -neti-h ial
effects are dtue to lio fact, I hat it is the
one remedy whih- p-,-,n*, internal
cleanliness, wi:;.,t" d r i nlt:.tig the
organs on whic-h i cnts. i ;s therefore
all important, in order to get its bene
ficial effects, to n,'.oe lwhen you pur
chase,thatyou have tl,' ge'nuine- article,
wh' .h is manufacture-l 1 vl t I alifornia
Fig . yrup Co. only, tnd sold by all rep
utable druggists.
If in the enjoyment of g(,wl health..
rnd the system is regular, t.. n laxa-
tives or other remedies are not rie*ried
If afflicted with any actual disease.e one
may be commeu, c l to it n(ost skillfu!
physicians, but if in need of a laxative,
then one should have the best, and with
the well-informed evervwhere, Syrup of
Figs stands highest antI is most largely
used and gives most ;eneral satisfaction.
DR. O. T. DOZIER,
(The iReownard Southern Speeiallst.
Illrnglngbham. Alm.
Successfully treats, at eflici or BY MAll.
all forms of Chronic N-erv.Is. Blonl. Skitu
and Private Diseases of Meu and Women.
CURE8 GUARANTEED.
All Chronle Diseases of Lungs, Liver,
Heart, Kidneys. Biuidder. and all diseses of
the Genito-Urinary organs are in my line of
practice. Diseases peculiar to women. said
all venereal diseases of either sex posltively
cured by mild and safe remedles. Illpedl
ments to marriagPe as Stricture. \'arico
cele, Impotency. Emissions and all evil re
sults of self-abuse or excessive in,,ilgence
quickly and permanently cured. I guaran
tee satisfaction in every ease I treat. My
valuable "Book for Men (nlly." and Symp
tom Blanks for men or women will be sent
free In plain. sealed envelope to all who
apply. Consultation free, whether Ia per
son or by letter.
A FEW EXTRACTS FROM PRESS ENDORSEMEWS,
Hundreds more of like character, sad
thousands of high tes-timonials from pa
tients can- be furnished if necessary.
(Atla:ta tonstltutl,,n.)
Dr. . T. Dozier, the beal of the Southern Medical
Dispensary of Blrmlnghban. Ala. s a syeC latlt of
nearlyItwenty year' experience In the treatment of
chronic, nervous and private dise seil and his uni
form etmces h a given him a lea.ding positon in the
medical profesion.
(Masoncl Guide.)
Dr. Dozier can be relied upon to treat diesasa In
the moat IsuccLul manner. and he Is kanowr a
over the south.
(The Southern Odd Fellow.)
We cannot add anything, to the reputation Dr.
o. I. cuer ha alreidy acqered in the line of his
professon, but we know him to he a brother Odd
'ellow th t can be relied on to carry out every
promise he makes to those needing his services
(Age Herald)
* * * Dr. Dotter has redeted for masy years in
his reutationd, t hcultis uredulhres an t the str
In which he I d held by our hbeat itzena siH I n
record al d l appel aitles en!lt.' him contrac tt.
proud distinction of stand surg at "the ed dato,
ros ertn" toh
(P Dople's Weeklyal Trninbune.)
Ash a specialis Dr. Doziter s una exceled b andy
living physician " liH e Itoa ,eorgis by birMt,
a high-toned, cultured. t hrl~tija gentleman, strictl
honest in all h s ie illngs ansid [iosclaliy responsible
or tin is above reproach.
DLock Box 112. BImIn;GA, ALA.
Dr. Dozer l a t hs-iCIni ad surgoking o educatdt·
kill -anis r -uurl an uu snd hlrb
lry attili eta -Il a grontl homtlln respete.d by
all who kn H. i he rld on tn rd i mat
es. pLert ARlAl T, e . hi preesomiP..
(W~TE lIna Chrlitln t eo pt n
ia Dr o Dozlr. . p roen it ,,a saoapld, Im it, mL
- tell~. nt ute,. Knits YUl
e a -it