LOUISIANA POPULIST.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $1.00 A YEAR. There is No Free Country, Unless the People Rule. PRICE, 5 CEN
VOL. II. NATCHITOCHES, LOUISIANA, FRIDAY, JANUARY 10, 1896. NO. 21.
WHERE DO YOU STAND
MANY VICIOUS AND MISLEADING
STATEMENTS MADE.
The Keductive Arguments of the ;Goldbug
are Quite Smoothe for They are Matte by
the Sm artest and Slyest Scoundrels on the
fcee of the Earth.
Ito you calmly and philt-,rpi ieally
'on-idtt. the importance to you of an
hiit,e.,t stable Amnotican linancial svs
to"m. r.",llat,.d witlh a controllin~ de
sirt to erlve, the Ireat industrial tlas-ess
of our ('wn country, "or lu yout swallow
-'nn ca:- h i't ia's aas "hOltn.',t mnlonty."
•"oulnd ulloner'," "lllnoney that's good
alnroal.' etc., without ever thinking
who it paid for fooling the leo
pt on Itheso line-. We quote fr'om
the National Watc-hman what S ctre
tary ('anlisle .aid in a recent -atc-h:
"lTh.I.reC never wiasa time in the hi-tory
of the world when tihe workingman's
dollar would buy a. mu,'h of till, nee
:arie. and comforts of life as it will I
,buI now." "I can buy more with one
dollar to-day than I ever could," or I
" I can hbuy more with a day's work
than i-ever h:efo''e." are also expressions
familiar to alo .-t evertyone. These
miilec:,iing and thoroughly vicious
.-tateiment. have contributed more to
ward hr'inginn about and fastening
upon the 1p-op.l that blighting ignor
ance which now stands in the way of
financial reform than all the argu
ments ever produced in favor of less t
money and lower prices. The me
chanit si-ems delighted that he can
buy six Founds of butter for $1, where t
he could buy but four pounds for the It
same money a few years previous. And
tlhe farraer's wife is pleased beyond e
measure to buy twenty yards of mus- p
lin for $1, when a few years beforo a
.hto co iil by only ten. Both seem c
:,atisfiel with the situation and really e
believe that times are improving. The -
nan with his $1 a day can buy as much
:Ioth, flour and other necessaries as he
formerly could when his wages were
,earl', if not, double. lie seems con
tent ,with the situation and unthink
ingly keeps on his way. Just so with
the farmner; he exchanges his crops for
as much of the products of the mills
and factories as ever, and he thinks
the exchange about even an goes on
toiling and sweating and wondering tl
sotnntimes why things don't come
around as they use to. at
Somehow the interest on the mort- he
gage gets heavier, and the payments P'
become more diffticult to meet, the i1
lday's work becomes less and less in 6(
demand, and no matter how cheap
the necessities of life are, it becomes na
yearly more difficult to earn them. ti
By and by, as is the ease now, the on
ulortgage is foreclosed in spite of nc
harder work, more rigid economy, and cu
an increased gross production. On the tic
other hand the mechanic is unable de
to meet his rent and provide for his de
family, and is turned into the street. W
These two victims of the same cauae
may chance to meet the one going into
city for work and the other fleeing
into the country for ford and shelter. WC
If they wotuld sit down and consider
caretfully the situation they would soon wt
itscover they were the victims of each s
other's ignorance. That with a full Ca
knowledge of the situation and unity
of action, the disasters which had over- m3
taken them and millions of their kind
might have been prevented. ''hey pl
would learn the truth of this proverb thi
"'that nothing is dheap to one producer
that is made so at the expense of me
another producer." When the good ma
wife bought cloth or any other prod- th
act of the mec&ialcs' skill and labor
:'heap, she must expect that these me- ant
shanks must hi turs buy her butter tal
and eggs and other products of the bu'
farm at similar reduced rates. 'The it
natural results of sudh a sauicdal policy eat
is to make the good wife- tay less cloth of
and the mechanics less butter. me
'The remedies sutally applied for hot
such a condition has been to stop
producing eloth by shutting the fc- d
tories and thereby throwing the me- to
"hanics out of all employment, render- tha
ing them ineapable of buying any bt clu
ter. Ahd ti good wife, on the other "
hand, is tmabhle to sell her butter at fo
any price, whtichJ makes the cow an ex- lim
ponse instead'ot a pr6t, and this con- wit
dition with othors nios the payment stri
of the inbtgage m .c~e. ai the
the ease at lpeeeat, idle machinery eve
and a aOlue(pahe , ad starving Ca
operatives, stand facing the toiling lg
farmer, ith iihmnaf-ehd mly, boun- and
tiful barvests sad tapeid debts, and all me
_emig at ati. .9 of their the
misiortnae. ThZe y power, how
ever,. isp ..Where it emee took b
the lintCeit on $10ooo to buy his yeariy o.
brted, Mhe lest es will ow
thbe liantee on O000 to clothe his I
to It S 8 ao - sta
moaey reatag at 10 per cent., about
ifty bashels of wheat paid the interest for
a. 630; . atth measr at i per eac
cases t s euruw 1 b eslsr b py. or ar
it. In this stttement Uis the root ac'
o ths hab t OSe-lasse -No
beeoUs, admhe a bug the. of
-mm u
D an abundance of money. The power
of money to oppress through the re
duction of the price of labor and its
NC Iodncts is the ruling factor in all the
dit.ress now seen in this country.
'I'his power comes entirely through
contracting the cnrrency by taking it
firon se aamong th Ileople.--The Ex
te ponent.
EDITORIAL OPINIONS.
tily Montolil has swallowed up industry;
an now let the nation swallow monopoly.
-y - 'Tnns,-ee ('ity (Tenn.) Coming Na
de- tion.
It it a culriouns sight to see working
o il mýn put their noses on plutocratic
gri n'l l-tocs. and t\ote,' for the horse
mll pwer that turns the crank.-Railway
ing l'ime.
onm The gollbug- ,ay that the cutntry
Te- liha, a great treasure in Mr. ('arlisile.
ch: S.Iw c rtainly ha i none in the treasury
rirt he pr-'sides over.-- e;orgetown (Colo.)
n .'s Co 'rir.
- Talk of implwaching Bayard! Mere
vill huncomul. lBut then such talk braces
)ne up the congressional fences. and is a
or fair quality of sham virtue.-Pueblo
rk (('ol.) Reform Press.
Mn' Money. as originally intended, was
a medlium of exchange. To-day it is a
HIs medium through which to enslave the
to- people. It appears to have lost its
ng original function.--Denver (('ol.) Road.
of Carlisle says the retirement of 00,
rO. 00,).( of currency would not con
tract the currency. That is on a par 4
le- with Carlisle's logic. He once upon a
an time said a government could not I
ire make money.--Southern Mercury (Dal- c
he lag). I
nd The nation which depends upon for
nd eign capital instead 61 furnishing to its
is- people the coined product of its silver c
*ro and gold mines, is simply committing s
,m commercial suicide, and inviting pov- r
ly erty and want and crime and anarchy. d
he -Iailey (Idaho) News-Miner. e
Oue of the cutest schemes to beat
the Populists is to organize a new
re lmrty. Another is to "work for reform F
k- within the old party lines." Both are a
th being pushed by the tricksters, but
theyi won't work. The people have
°r been fooled too often.-Los Angeles
i(Cal.) Civic Review.
)n The fiat of the republic of Venice
i, that all debts and taxes should be paid ti
1e in the credits of the Bank of Venice fI
and that such credits should forever A
t- he exempt from foroed sale, made the a
Is purely flat money of the Bank of Ven
Sice, the best money in the world for ft
n 600 years.-Wasihington Silver Knight. rI
p The national bank system is a crimi
is nal system where currency (not money)
1. takes the place of money, and then
0 only by borrowing the non-legal tender
Sf note of a person or corporation. Such tl
d currency is a mere time accommoda- .
e tion between parties-a compullsorj Is
e debt-producer. The Populists want a
s debt-lifter.--Pan Yan (N. Y.) East and al
W. est. tI
lIternatlon Conferences.
(;old the commercial standard of the
world! Gold the money of the world' l
r The satellites and minions of mammor
who thus exclaim, like the ancient
sooth-sayers, when they meet "looked tb
l each other In the face and smiled.' k
Boldness overawes'the timid, and the
mysterious confounds, the ignorant. a
They proclaim through the newspa. U
pers, and on the hustings, that gold is ,
the money of the world: that no na- W
tion can make money-that God made die
money-and that all efforts by man tc
I make money atid regulate the value t
thereof are impious.
The satellites and minions of power tw
and place, buit a few years ago, main- ce
Stained that kings ruled bydlvine right: as
but when that right was challenged, '
it does et appear that God eame to
earth on a speil mini toake care b
of his deputies. Besides, 11 gold is the
money of the world, the lee we use at o
.home the more we have to use abroad. do
SThe. champli of as1 o, while o
denying the power of the government ,
to make money, and meekly insisting r
that God has invested gold with the ex
clusive privilege of being money, prsay it
.earnestly and loag that reeivability
for taxes and ~lie der fe debt be ie
limited to gold! And why? Because, l
without these functions gold would be ag
stripped of its prestige and deqoend to _
the velgat grnde of eom rce What- do
ever else the goveanment might de- st
claue receivable for taxes, and make a
legal tendor fo debt, would be anseg; t
and as such, equally servloeable as a S
medium of exchangei but interjecta a
the wiseacre "if the government j
break." In that event, nothing would a
be left to care for, as all would be
overwhelmed in ruin.-G. W. Jaes, p,
in Betrop People's Paper. of'
es ee o, s. Th
IThe U ian fof s gor ea  bt 4
stands urneervedly for piiples al- o
ways, regardless of the erfleesas e s
mbr-to maintlain them. We stand nic
for gold ai silver, the money o the *
constitution. and not for the gold basis the
or stead, dictated by lthe Noah.- -
echlls I the iaterest of 'nglud. 1
No American citiuen who loves his c
smtsy l11l ever plpy Into the hands p
of Englnd on the money or any other the
J t lint, there ame may who U
?hf pmron who yste a -
telair! alage lte 85* omes~r3 asaatd t
wr LAW MAKES MONEY.
I its
the THE PROOF IS POSITIVE, UNE-1
itry. QUIVICAL AND DIRECT.
ough
g it Numerous Acts of Congress are Cited to
Ex- Demonstrate that Money is simply a Cre.
stre of law-The Goldbugs are Actuated I
by Greed and Nothing More.
tvy; The following article, taken from the
ol. Southern Mercury, speaks for itself: f
. The goldbugs, inspired by greed, 1
declare that law does not make money.
They convey an idea that they do
inc- not believe; that money is produced by
the magic wand of an imaginary busi
ness god.
way The being that the gold power I
clothes with the functions of making t
itry money has never been definitely de- t
isle. scribed.
fury What it looks like, where it abides, c
do.) and just how it exercises the power of i
creating money needs explanation.
[ere Mr. Garlisle believes in this money f,
sees producing spook, as he declared in his
is a llelmonico speech a year ago that this t
.blo government could not make money.
If this government cannot make
money, then it is but natural to con
elude that no other government can
is a make money.
As money is created and does actu
its ally exist, there must be a creator.
. If the creator is not law, then the
)O.- goldbugs will confer a favor if they
on- will tell an anxious world who that
par creator is.
na The modern reformer who has stud- li
not led this question in all its phases has b,
)al- come to the conclusion that law makes g
money. Now let us examine that de- It
Vor duction a few moments. s
its The young republic of America dis- se
ver covered in 1792 that it needed money,
ing and on Aprtl 2 of that year its law- si
ov- making power actually made money by gi
Iy. declaring that the stamp of the gov- d(
ernment on 27 grains of gold eleven- fo
eat twelfths fine should be a dollar. m
At the same time this law-making m
rm power also declared that same stamp e%
on 3711 grains of pure silver, properly U
)ut alloyed, should also be a dollar. bl
Now, here are two dollars, or money is
le made of two metals by law. Nothing
whatever entered into the process of in
making this money but law. ta
ice On June 28, 1834, the law changed *
Lid the gold dollar, reducing its fineness ai
Ice from eleven-twelfths to nine-tenths. J,
'er As law made the money, of course it
he could change it at will.
n- Notwithstanding this change of the
or finenees of the gold dollar by law, it
it. remained is dollar just the same. Thus
_. law makes money.
y) From 1792 up to 1857 the gold coins
on (money) of Europe, Mexico, Central
America and the South American na- To
ch tions were declared to be money by Tb
a. the laws of this country, and were a
3 legal tender.
a In February, 1857, the law unmade
a all this foreign currency and declared mý
that it was no longer money in the ma
United States. Thus the law can not otl
only make money but it can unmake it. so
For more than a hundred years the tio
d' laws of England and most of the Eu- thi
' ropean countries made one pound of pal
°t gold worth 15) pounds of silver. So sul
the law not only makes metal money, sel
but it regulates the value of the metal. wo
Previous to 1863 all dimes, quarters are
and half dollars of silver money in the dot
United State. were of corresponding
u weight with the dollar. Two halves isn
' weighed the same as a dollar, and so trig
le did four quarters or ten dimes. Ien
k In 1868 the law changed this condi- Ian
t tion and made the silver change 7 per the
cent lighter than the dollar. To-day lar
' two halves and four quarters are 7 per ae
- cent lighter than a dollar, but the law 1
I: says they are a dollar, notwithstanding. but
1, The law, therefore, makes money. tim
S When the war between the states to I
Sbroke out the banks refused to pay out cire
Sgold and silver, and the government no
found it necessary to have money to are
. defray the war expenses. Law was mei
le oalled upon and made the greenbacks, "de
it and it paid the expenses of the war and whi
g was the best money up to the time the I
" money gang sucoeeded in destroying tior
7 it that the country ever had. anii
I In 1875 the law created a new va- M.
e riety of money called the trade dollar. wet
'* It contained 240 grains of standard ove
e silver, yet it was only a dollar. That doc
o same year the standard 4124 grain apo
Sdollar was demonetized. The law desj
' stopped making it, but in 1878 it was inc
a agaln rdered coined. In 1876 the
' trade dollar was deprived of its legal Nati
Stender qualities, sad despite the
Ssuperior quantity of siver it contained,
it was only worth 80 cents. All these mat
Schanges were the result of law. mit
e Inlltthelawallsocreated a cop- j
per mosey 1-cent pleoe. One hundred aut
of these plces were declared a dollar. low
They weighed 260.0 grains.
t On February 2, 1867, a much lighter coni
Seemat piece w reated by law. It oftl
- contained 88 parts copper and 12 parts me
Ilnickle. Both of these cent pieces were be 1
•a tender, and cireulated side by side, Lo
i though they differed radically in the a. I
Samount of metal they contained. ing
In 1864 still another cent piece was act
Screated. It contaained 48 gtral of cop- w
r pe, tin and sine. One hundred o ki
r these ceat piece contained 480 grains, one
while the old eeat pleoe contained 26.0) witl
i rans euah. Tey were both mcoey
made bhy lanw.
A Apouadotthemetalof which (.1
test ore. peat waa eompose. cost
20 cents, while the pound of metal
oast 16) 1-cent pieces. Thus, ttiq
money contained 20) cents worth of ij
trinsic value and $1.40 worth of law
or fiat.
A 5-cent nickle coin was also made
o of 75 parts of coplk'r and 25 parts
a nickle. A pound of this metal cost.
d about 70. It will coin about 105) ,5
cent pieces, which makes $5. IHer,
we have 70 cents worth of intrinsic
value and $4.30 worth of law or fiat.
e There is no end to the argument in
favor of the creation of money by law.
It is the idea that the commercial value
of the material out which money is
composed should regulate the purchas
y ing and debt-paying lower of money
that is creating all the trouble under
which the country is now suffering.
The people should study these ques
tions and refuse to be the dupes of
these money gamblers. whose soul.
conscience and moral being are covered
up and hedged about by greed. The
law makes money. There is no prolpo
sition better established than is this
fact.
In conclusion note what a few of
the old fogy statesmen said in relation
to law made money:
"Anything the government will re
c'eive in payment of public dues is
money, and good money, no matter"
what its form may be."-lHenry ('lay.
"Treasury notes secured by pledges. J
of the faith and cr1edit of the govern
ment, with or without interest, will
make better currency than gold and T
silver."-Thomas Jefferson.
"I now undertake to affirm positive
ly and without the least fear that I can
be answered, that a paper issue by the x
government with the simple promise to
receive it for all dues would be as
steady and uniform as the metals them
selves."-J. C. Calhoun.
James G. Blaine said in a rpeech at
Skowhegan, Me., in 1864, exhibiting a
greenback dollar: "1'What is this? A
dollar. And it is a goodl dollar-good a
for the farmer, the mechanic and
merchant and everybody. What
makes it a good a dollar? Because
every dollar's worth of property in the
United States is behind it, and the life
blood of every true citizen. And that
is what makes it a good dollar." m
"Money is the sovereign authority
impressed on that which is capable of to
taking and retaining an impression. at
* * * The value is in the stamp al
and not in the metal and material."- at
Judge Tiffanny. es
ci
Who Are True Meon? s
There is not the slightest necessity
to read through a library to determine
who are true men. cu
James Russell Lowell said and sang:
He's true to God who's true to ma whereverever
wrong is done. a,
To the humblest and the weakest, 'neath the
all-beholding sun,
That wrong is also done to us; and they are ne
slaves most base
Whose love of right is for themselves, and not ar
for al the race. gr
Christ said. "If you love me keep of
my commandments," and the com- on
mandment was: "As ye would that pr
others should do unto you, do ye even
so unto them." That settles the ques- wl
tion, solves the problem, makes every- wt
thing clear, straightens all the crooked an
pathways of life, lifts, ennobles and an
sublimates human nature, eliminates pa
selfishness and ihtroduces love-in a tic
word, only those are true to God who ma
are true to men whenever wrong is tot
done.
Prevarication, profession, pharasee- I
ism, duplicity, chicane and all the >f
tricks and juggling of the Rockerfel- thi
let's, ('arnegies and Pullmans in the le
land don't count. The world detects 1
their stratagems. while the devil en- the
larges his dominions to afford them of
accommodations by and by. A
W1'hen the wrong is done "to the mo
humblest and weakest," then is the mo
time for the bravest and the strongest ern
to help them-and when, under such '
circumstances, men hesitate, who have the
no love of right except for themselves, cam
are *'slaves most base"-moral and 'I
mental deformities, whom to call gem
"dogs" would be a slander upon the of
whole canine race.
If every flea in the hair of a corpora- peo
tion dog, were to mount the tail of the you
animal, as they frequently do, a la P. req
M. Arthur, to proclaim their fealty to the
workingmen, all hell would chuckle wor
over the masterful impudence of their tali
declarations. The world detects an side
apostate with unerring certainty, and the
desplses the entire brood with an ever pUr
incroeseing intensity.-Railway Times. T
lIke
Natiomal Committee to Meet Ia 5t. Loael peol
JaaUaVy 17th. don
TuasU HArBZ, INo., Dee. 14.--Chair. I"
man Taubeneck, of the national com- pie
mittee of the People's party, was here plat
to-day, and, with Treasurer RIankin, I
authorized the publication of the fol- que
lowing circular:
'"At the direction of the executive les
committee ef the national committee If
of the People's party, we hereby call a to a
meeting of the natiosal committee to why
be held at the IAndell hotel, in St. heas
Lonuis, January 17, 1896, at 10 o'clock que
a. m., to fix the time and place for hold. TI
ing a astiomal convention and to tnee- t
act other business. It is desirable that on
we have a full representation, and we trusi
kindly request all to be present. Noa Ilee
one will be permitted to act as proxy
without proper credentials in writing.
"H. . TAsLTaZsc, Chma'.
"M. C. R xtaam, Treasurer.
"J. IU. Tuu, eooretary.
p14. J, 35PAsx, Secretary.
FROM
Great Britain having built a dam
acroes our Silver Stream, Cold alone is ___
powerless to turn the vheels of ('om- o - E- -
merce. Result: Stagnation and Com
mercial Death, to which John Bull
points with pride, rejoicing in his won
derful successes,
r ý l NOW
Two streams,. Gold and
,,,.. B.. _Silver flowed from our
,.-.-ý  ' . ..-- mountains. Unltlng, they
furnished power to turn tho
wheels of Commerce. Re
sult: Prosperity and Com
mercial Life, to which Unele
Sam points with pride.
REFORMS IN GENERAL.
,p
ill
nd THE REASON WHY THEY HAVE
NOT SUCCEEDED LONG AGO.
sn
0No Two Reformers Play the Same Tene.
to and Every One of Them Is Trying to
as Make More Noise Than All the Others
n- Together.
at The reform movement appears to be
a a great spectacular medley. Popullsts,
socialists, single-taxers, prohibitionists,
id preachers, charity societies, labor
atunons, purity leagues, and the salva
tion army, are all playing, singing, toot
ing and pounding at once.
fe No two play the same tune, and every
at single one of them is trying to make
more noise than all the others together.
Ly- Every one of them is playing a good
of tune, if all the others would only stop
. and listen a moment, and if they could
all agree to play the same tune there
are enough players to make the grand
est chorus or the most magnificent or
chestral music ever heard on earth
since the morning stars sang together.
Harmony is all they lack-but lack
e Ing that they lack all of successful exe
cution.
Though every instrument be perfect
in the performance of its special part,
and all the players be masters-yet if
1 Jealousy, egotism, quarrels, contrari
re ness, fanaticism, boasting and dispute
ot are indulged, there can be nothing but
grating discord and misery to the ears
p of the audience listening for a harmoni
i- ous solution of our social and industrial
it problems.
n Is there not some simple tune on
,- which we can all agree and relieve the
world of all this clatter and screeching
d and howling and groaning and yelping
d and growling and hooting and tooting
s pandemonium? Is there not a prac
a tical and agreeable plan whereby each
a may have his turn, or that all can play
s together?
There is.
And we believe that nearly every one
o )f you will agree with us, when we say
- that the "Initiative and Referendum"
e Is the tune upon which we can all unite.
s The greatest problem of all is to get
the government restored into the hands
of the people.
A direct vote of the people would de
molish party machinery and drive the
money power out of the control of gov
t ernment.
Then all reforms that a majority of
the voters, regardless of party, desire
can be adopted.
The merit of the issue and the intell
l gence of the people will decide the fate
of your theories impartially.
If your idea have no merit, or if the
people be not capable of grasping it,
you will have to wait, and It will not I
require any longer for you to educate 1
the people to the desired view than it i
would have required before they ob
tained control of the government. Be
sides that, if you educate them under
the present system it would be to no t
purpose. I
The silver men, for Instance, would f
like now to have a direct vote of the
people on the silver question. And no t
doubt they would wln If the question y
were submitted directly to all the peo- a
ple on its merits regardless of party a
platforms. a
i If it be a good thing to have the silver I
question settled thus-why ndt other
questions, some of greater and some of I
less importance perhaps? h
If we concede the silver men a right g
to a direct hearing before the people, g
why should they not concede such a q
hearing to other reformers on other F
questions? ?
The populists would like to see a di- tl
rect vote upon the land and transporta- a
tion questions; upon the abolition of i
trusts and monopolies, etc. They be
lieve that such a vote weuld show that ri
a majority of the American people fa- r
vor the principles of the Omaha plt- ri
form. If so, thna that should be the
poliey of #Ierament. It Rot, what- 0
ever polley the peopie waat-tb, decipe
(t ,ould be is their hands. ha ..
. . , o. • ,. . ....
And so on with the socialists and
others.
But even this direct vote is not the
most Important part of the inltiative
and referendum idea. Inseparable
from it is the principle of proportional
representation, which would give all
parties representation in congress and
state in proportion to their strength.
This would give us a government of the
whole people instead of a government
entirely by the victorious party. The
minority parties would be as fairly rep
resented as the majority party. All
would have a fair hearing, and thus ed
ucational work would be unimpeded.
The "imperative mandate," another
inseparable adjunct of the iniative and
referendum, would enable the people to
control their representatives after elec
tion under penalty of being called home
whenever they failed to carry out the
wishes of their constituents. It
wouldn't do the lobbyist any good to
bribe men who were liable to be called
home before they could carry out the
scheme they were hired to work.
In short, the initiative and referen
dum would make the people absolute
rulers.
No reformer needs to give up any of
his cherished ideas In order to indorse
the initiative and referendum.
It would open the doors of freer,
fuller and more unprejudiced discus
sion than ever before.
The people would feel their responsi
bility, and instead of partisan whoopera
become students of principle.
No reformer fears an honest verdict
of the people. GEO. A. PUCKETT.
Hardy, Ark.
Keeplag Step to to the Mse.
Don't you wool-hat, one-gallused boys
remember how the Democratic ofTice
holders and stump speakers followed
after Tom Watson in '93 and '94 and
told you that Tom and the Populists
were heading for the Republican camp?
Don't you remember how hard they
hit the Republican rascals for the de
monetization of silver?
Don't you remember how they begged
you to give the Democratic party "a
chance" to undo that crime of crimes
and restore silver to its constitutional
functions?
Don't you remember they told you
that the act demonetizing silver was
done stealthily by John Sherman, and
the Democrats didn't know it until long
after the act was passed?
Don't you remeber they told you the
Democratic party was the only party
that was friendly to the free coinage of
silver at 16 to 1?
Don't you remember that they told
you that there was only room in this
country for two political parties, and
if you followed Tom Watson and the
Populists you would soon find yourself
a full-fledged Republican?
Many a good, honest, hard-working
farmer believed them, and quite a num
ber of the fellows that did much talk
ing in '93 and '94 believed it themselves.
But how is it today?
Men and newspapers that in '93 and
'94 told you there was only room for
two parties in this country are now beg
ging you to aid them in establishlag a
fourth party-the Bimetallic party.
Men who In '93 and '94 told you that
the Democratic party was the only
party that would give you free coinage
of silver at 16 to 1 now say if the Dem.
ocratic party declares for free coinage
of silver at 16 to 1 they will vote the
Republican ticket.
Men who in '93 and '94 told you that
Tom Watson and the Populists were
heading for the Republican camp ha .e
got their tickets ready and their bag.
gage checked for Republican head
quarters, while Tom Watson and the
Popullsts are in the "middle of The
road" packing mud from which to w old
the brick to erect a monument to the
memory of these politically defunct
montebanks.
Keep close to your standard, rom
rades! Feel the elbow touch of the com
rade upon your left and upon your
right. Move steadily forward w th an
sabroken front, Your banner .s the
Pnly bunting which carries a croass;
your cause the only cause wbch the
people will crowo:--People'u Part
Paper