Scotch Indifference.
SAn old Scotch sergeant was going
bis rounds one night to see that
all the lights were out in the barrack
rooms. Coming to a room where he
thought he saw a light shining, he roar
ed out:
"Put out that light, there!"
One of the men shouted back:
"It's the mune, sergeant!"
"I dinna care a tacket what it It," the
sergeant said; "pit it oot."
Mr. Sewall is distingu:sned as owning
the best vegetable garden In Maine."
The object of the manufacturers of Dobbins' Elec.
tric Soap Ias been for 28yearr to make this soap of
such spe for quality th.t it ,ilil cive univeralt
stisfaction. I ave thy succeeded? Ask your
grpceror.. T.ak no ouohe.
Thereare forty-seven Chinese temples in
America, but not a single Mohammedan
mosque.
Jus try a 1Oc. box of Carcarete the uesut
liver and bowel regulator ever male.
How's This I
We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for
any case of Catarrh that cannot be cured by
Hall's atarri: Cure.
F. J.CnuNKY & Co., Props., Toledo, 0.
We, the undersigned, have kown F. J. Chb.
ney for the last 15 years, and believe him per.
fectly honorable in all business transactions
and financ ally ahl.t to carry out any obliga.
lion made by the r firm.
Wese & TluAx, Wholesale Druggists, Toledo,
Ohio.,
WAtLDIo, KIN'AN & MltLuAR;, Wholesale
Druggists. Toledo, Oho.
Hal'Ts Catairrh Cure is taken internally, act.
lng directly upon the blool an l mucous sur.
faces of the system. Price, 7Ti. prr bottle. Sold
by all Druggists. Testimoniali free,
Hall's Family Pills are the best.
Deu't Tobacco Spit and Smoke Your Lus
Away.
if yoU want to qnut tob~teio ustal easily and
forever, regain ros manucod, be made well,
strotg magnetio, full of new life and visor
take o-'To.Bae, tihe wonlder-worker tha
makes weak. men strong. iMnny gain ten
Punds lin tea days. Over 400,000 olred. By
No-To-tiao from your own druggist. Under
absolute gu trautee to cure. Book and sample
Aree. a( tress srling Remedy Co., Ohicago
os New Yui k.
FITSstoppedfreeandpermanently cured. No
fits after frst day's use of Da. KLIrma' OGuAT
MavsRxrronmT . Free itral hotteand treat.
ise. Send to Dr. Kline. a11 Arch St.. Phila., Pr.
CAscAnwar st imulate liver, k!dneys and bow.
els. Never sicken, weaken or gripe. 10c.
Piso's Cure is a wonderful cough medicine.
-MIs. W. PICKURT Van Siclen. and Blake
Avenues, Brooklyn, N. Y., Oct. 1:, 111.
)'rs W inslow's soothing Syrup for children
teething softens the gums, reduces inflame
tion, allays pain, cures wind colic. 25c a bottle
Wlgs bilious or costive. est a Casearet,
candy catharti, ccure gn lranteed, 103., ic.
Get
foet for your money and save needless ex
penses now. It is true economy to build ip
your system and prevent sicknns by taking
Hood s
Sarsaparilla
Thebest-ii fact the One Trite Blod, Purifier
Ild'r Pills " ."ir ' eficient and
Webster's
International
Di tiotnary
ElIeble la Offie, Scool, ad ilorme.
A thorough revision ofthe
Unabridgeod, the nrpur li.
f wo s s Ch ri ota dis.lnor
E a otr g of niateiam i fore .
UIPI 3 d sphowy sderties
I ~L mnen$inThe b th s. judifets
i all olae W wll. SIhel
"lnrsOf 1W rowtth hns ob
ian rqoel degree the
favor ent cnrldenco of schl
amrandof teg~nernl publc
'The Choicest of Gfts
; /o e Christmas.
Iv Vrsrousa 8ms or Il.eonwo.
.. . +- . ,f / ., . , ... . -
1W40 IN CUBATOR
gvisf It fst,1,
Thkefrmwh, is afre m
tole og try their
natabaa'befo- c yln
lreihtne. We will sel
yar oure
os TRIAL
m IU# ke, ndrrkJdu e os. r
S WOLD'S PAIR
,ore -eutla oi aultry'iyo
iolo, worth too
? ;u " .a:i' ' C!ollege)
• " ; f-.I , ..
- aU·I+ r rr r ru
.. · e:;!e4 V
THE JOKER'S BUDGET,
JESTS AND YARNS BY FUNNY MEN
OF THE PRESS.
His Best Suit-.Ignorance Exposed.*'The
Essential P&rt..*The Primary Move,
What Impressed Her.-Her Wise Choice
Etc., Etc.
HIIs BEST SUIT.
"What did old Stuffy have on when
he escaped from that burning hotel?"
"A very rapid move."
IGNORANCE EXPOSED.
hostler.--Young man out there wants
to hire a spirited boss for the afternoon.
Liveryman.-Fellers as ask for spirited
hosses don't know nothin' 'bout bosses.
Give him old Bet.
TIT FOR TAT.
Jingle: "I never hear you talk about
your ancestors."
Pickwick: "Well, they never talked
about me, (lid they?
THE ESSENTIAL PART.
Lord Notasent (moodily)--I dreamt
last night, James, that 1 had plenty of
money.
The Valet (eagerly)-An' 'oo was th'
'appy H'american girl, me lud ?
THE PRIMARY MOVE.
"Johnnie," asked his teacher, "what
must we do before our sins can be for.
given ?"
"Sin," replied Johnnie.
WHAT IM'RESSED HER.
"HTe says that he loves me more than
his life and that he can't live without me."
"Oh, all young men say that."
"But they don't say it to me."
ALLOWANCES.
Mr. Happy-"Yes, sir, I make my wife
a regular allowance every week. Dcn't
you % ours r"
Mr. Henpeck-"No.o. She makes me
an allowance. when I earn enough."
ms ONLY WISH.
Parson Goodman-Is there anything
you would like to do before you die,
Brother Jones:
Brother Jones-Yes, parson. I would
like. ter go an' sit in th' parlor fer one
night before I die. I've got ten daughters,
yer know. an' I hain't hed a chance at
thet parlor, nights, fer over twenty years.
CONSTANT DIET.
"I am so fonl of children:" slid the
Cannibal ( hief. "I hive been accus.
tomed to them all my life. Why, when
I think of it--'
his voice grew tenderly reminiscent.
"I was brought up on infant food. Ah,
yes."
CORRECTED.
"May I kiss you, Miss Jane ?"
"I am sorry to see, Mr. Brigga, that
you, too. are affected by the prevailing
cause (,f business depression."
"And that is ?"
"Lack of confidence."
Then he kissed her.
MIODER FACILITIES.
"The age of chivalry is entirely past,"
she said.
"I don't know about that," the young
man answered.
"Men can't engage in duels to settle
affairs of the heart."
"No; but they can join rival football
teams."
00NTInTAL.
"She married him because she sym.
pathizrd with his condition, didn't she?"
"Yes."
"Htow is she getting on?"P'
"I understand she has been deeply
touched ever since."
DOWN 1O HARD FACTS&
Testy Old Gent-"-luh? Do you think
you can supp 'rt my daughter in the style
to which she has been accustomed ?"
Young suitor-''Well, no; but I can
support her ia the style to which her
mother was aebustomed for a good many
years after she married you."
Old tent (subdued)--'"Tako her, my
son, and be happy,"
Nor To aD ovmRrAoCs
"You want as much for this thermom.
eter," said the woman who had arrived
before the store opened so as to be the
first at the bargain counter, "as you did
for those you showed me last August.'"
"Of course," the aslegman answered.
"It's the pame thermometer."
"No, it isn't. There ought to be a
reduction in the price. Those others
had nearly twice as much mercury in
them as these have."
APPR'.CIATD ITS USEFULlESS.
First Student.--The college library is,
, grdat intituttion, isn't It?
lecond Student.-What in the world
were eou doing there?
First Student.--Went to look at an old
-newspiper to settle a dispute about the
foot.ball game of ninety-three.
sa EXIrrTnD no EtNp.
"It is too bad." aid Gobang, "that it
should have rained the first time you wore
your new dress and spoiled it."
"I don't mind spolling the dress mso
much," said Mrs. Gobang, "but the rain
kept all the other womnen at home sad not
one of them saw my dres."
First Tramp.--If you had to work
Juast supposln'-what kind of a job would
you rather have ?
Second Tramp.-Well. I think I could
beajadge of a do; show. Pre had ex.
nc w of aill de tIPreat kinds of dogs
h d ghymaa-I had no idea pro.
ywas so prevalent til I began to ride
-Do you hear much of It os
elnpsurgmau- Why-iaarly very one
to q isrsts-ri atollm! a
Shh' e rae d me sadi
!r
PRIVATE FREIGHT CARS,
All Larg' Shippers Over Railroads Have
Them Nowadays,
Every large shipper in these days
must have his own private freight cars,
and the wonderful growth of the spo
cial car idea can be demonstrated any
day by watching a through freight
train. It is dollars to cents there will
be anywhere from one to a dozen spe
cial cars in the string, and the pur
poses they serve are as varied as their
i(fwnership. The dressed meat refrig
erators are now so well known as to ex
cite no interest, unless it be in the
vague conjuecture as to how many mil
lions of dollars are tied up therein, for
the number of these traveling ice boxes
is legion.
Directly the opposites of the refrig
erators are the heater cars. cleverly
contrived to keep the contents at a
fixed degree of temperature throughout
.he trip, and therefore invaluable for
shipping fruit in cold weather. The
heating is done by oil stoves. There
are quite a number of special fruit car
companies which own cars especially
equipped for the carriage of fruit and
produce in bulk, and these cars are dl
vided into many classes, such as
orange cars, cabbage cars, melon cars
and so on almost indefinitely.
There is a pickle line, a coffee line,
numberless beer lines, and strangest of
all, a chicken or poultry line, these lat
ter cars being filled with permanent
coops and feeding and watering facili
ties, Intended for the safe handling of
fowls of all kinds. There are furni
'ture cars, buggy cars, chair stock cars,
ice cars, plate glass cars, crockery
cars, and Indeed cars for almost every
known commodity manufactured in
sufficient quantities to make it worth
while for the producers to build their
own conveyances.
As to live stock cars, there are all
kinds, from the palace or stable cars
down to the plain every-day slatted
affairs, and, unlike most of the other
special vehicles, thq stock cars can be
owned by any slipper willing to pay
the owner a nominal sum for the rent
of the car. over and above the usual
freight charge imposed by the rail
roads, the advantage gained being the
much better accommodations afforded
by these special cars than given in the
regular equipment of the railways.
The owners of these private cars get
no direct benefit from their use. The
contents must pay just the same
freight charges as itf carried in rail
road companies' ears, but the one
great advantage lies in the fact that a
supply of cars ready to load can always
be de'ended upon, for the special cars
when empty are promptly sent home or
to their point of origin, and are not
used in any other trade without the
owner's permission. The railroads al
low owners a trifling sum for mileage
which serves to keep the cars in re
pair, but hardly yields any great rev
enue to them.
Of course, many of these private
cars are built because of the special
trade in which they are used, and
which would not pay a railroad com
pany to tie up money in furnishing the
equipment necessary. As builders must
confornm to the rules of the master car
bul{ders, the"9rivate cars are as safe to
run as thoe owned by the railroad
companies, and indeed many are su
perior to the average cars in general
use.-Philadelphia Press.
Birds Knock People Senseless.
Game killed in full flight has a mo
mentum that carries it a harg way
sometimes. The London Field relates
several instances where the birds have
hit the sportsman In one ease George
Moners was shootig in the woods of
Long Island when a grouse, driven by
beaters, came flying along fast and
high up. He shot at it and then, with
the other barrel, fired a~t another bird.
Just as he was about to lower his gun,
after the second shot, he received a
blow on the head that knocked him
senselees. The grouse that 'he first hit
had tumbled agaiast his iead.
That mame afternoon a wheelman,
riding along near the line of hunters,
admiring the scenery, did not observe
a big black cock till its feathers
brushed his head. The black cock had
been killed and had nearly hit him in
falling.
The Badminta volume on sho6ting
te'ls how the late Charles Leslie wao
knocked out of the battery by a grouse
he had shot. A strong hat probably
saved him from serious injury.
American hunters have had similar
experiences. A man was riding along
In a wagon sonfle time ago, according
to Forest and Stream, when something
hit him ti the head with enough force
to make him dizzy. An unwounded
partridge flying throogh the woods had
hit him fair. W~hy the bird did not
turn aside Iless as mech a mystery as
the foot that pqttrldges sometimes fly
against bhouse sides and are killed In so
doing.
Remarkable Resusoltation.
An interesting ease is reported by
Dr. W. H. Miller in which a boy, ap
pareatly dead from drowning, was re
suseltted after lying in a cold room
for an boar. The patient was alter
nately suspended by the legs head
downward for eight to four seconds
md laid upon his back for two seconds.
The tongue was pressed down and the
t.xcoat tickled sad cleared with the fin.
ger during the suspension, and air was
forced frown the lungs by pressure on
the ehest while the body was lying
down. A t the fvurth suspension a
slht pitemre Of the jaW was felt, at
theh ath fa fint whisper was heard,
andst dthEl -xth a Iloald ery was given.
tihe I4atit wAS tien etmpleted by
en~I~~,io --Lbbing 1101 bric.ks and
Seeds Borne Far by Water.
It is good for plants to keep as much
apart as possible. If the seed fell straight
to the ground, and the young plants cll
grew up together around the parent one,
they would starve each other out. For
plants are like people, and when crowded
too closely togvher, fall to fighting
among themselves. T'heir struggles are
very bitter ones, though we do not see
or hear them. The plants that are strong
est in these silent battles end by netting
the light and air, and water and fool they
need from the soil, while the poor weak.
lings are left to starve and die. To pro.
vent too much of this wasteful crowding
and struggling, old Dame .Nature has in
vented many a clever little scheme.
When trees or smaller plants grow on
river banks, their fruits often fall into the
water, and are carried down stream by
the curren'. sometimes finding landing.
places on the banks, and so growing up
into new plants. Who has not seen syca.
more-ba is and buck-eyes traveling along
in this easy fashion ? Thes2 are the fruits
of the trees they grow on. Fruit is the
part of the plant that incloses the seed,
with the seed itself. So the dry pods that
hold the black in. ruing.glory seeds are as
truly fruits as are atpp.es or strawberries,
though we commonly use the word only
for those that are good to eatt.
It often happens that, on small islands
in rivers, trees and flowers are found that
do not grow on the neighboring bank,.
These have come down the river, some
times from the mountains where it rises,
in the shape of fruits, and have found
lcdging on the island during high water.
Sometimes fruits are thus borne quite out
to sea, and then they may be caught up
by ocean currents and carried long dis.
tances. It has been said that Columbus
first formed the notion that there might
be land beyond the western ocean on see
ing some strange nuts that had been
washed to the shores of the Azores from
far away Am.rica.
Criminals Among Insects.
Almost every form and variety of
human crime is common with insects.
l ases of theft are noticed among bees,
Buchner, in his -"Physic Life of Animals,"
speaks of the thievish bees which, in or ler
to sare themselves the trouble of work
ing, attack well-stocked hives in masses.
kill the sentinels and the inhabitants, rob
the hives and carry off the provisiors.
After repeated enterprises of this descrip
tion they acquire a taste for robbery and
vio'ence, they recruit whole companies,
which get more and more nuumerou4, and
fina'ly they form regular colonies of
brigand bee:,
Lut it is a still more curious i.,ct that
:these brigand .bees can be produced arti.
ficially by giving working bees a mixture
of honey and brandy to drink. The bees
soon take a delight in this beverage.
which has tie same d( sastrous effect upon
them as upon men-they become ill dis.
posed and irritable, and lose all desire to
wc:rk. and finally, -when they begin to
feel hungry, they attack and plun.ler the
well-supplied hives.
There is one variety in bees-the Sphe.
codes-which lives exclusively upon plun
der. They may thus be said to be an
example of innate an:l orzanic criminality
among insects, and they represent what
Professor Lombroso calls the born crim
inals - that is. intividuals who are led to
crime by their own organic constitution.
Hibernian Bulls.
"A great deal has been written about
Irish bulls," said T. J. O'Dona;hue of
Knoxville. Teun, at the National. "I
have never been able to understand why
the Irish people should make them. but
the fact remalins that they do. 1 do not
refer to wit, but the mistakes made in
speech. I have myself uncoiseiously
perpetrated some of the worst bulls that
could well be imagined, and my father,
who was one of timhe best-clucated men in
Ireland. was constantly gu Ity of laugh.
able blunders. It probably comes from
the Irish being excitable and soeaking too
quickly without elop,,pin. to frame sen.
tences. I was at a hotel with Judge
MlcDermolt, one of the leading lawyers
of Tennessee, when Irish stories were
being told. For a time they wro con
fined: to wit, which we enjoyed, and then
bu is were introduced which did not suit
us so well, and the judge, with a mild
hrogue interposed. ' Gentle.en," he
said, "you must knaw that half the lies
told about the Irish are not true," and
the crowd roared with laughter.
A Plagu6 of Sparrows,
¶lle English sparrowhas been get.ting
iih its fine destructive work during the
past harvest season in England at a
rate which would lhave caused its total
extermination in this country had its
depredations been nearly as extensive.
On many farms in England the spar
rows have been acting as harvesters on
their own account. The harvest
weather was wet and whole fields of
ripe wheat, oants and barley remained
unhrarvested until the proper weather
came. These tempting crops attracted
enormous flocks of the maraudng slpar.
rowes, and tehr havoc almost amount
ed to a plague. 2They first attacked the
wheat fields, and after totally ruining
that crop, they descended on the barley
and oatp, leaving little for the farmersi
to do but olean up the straw.
When eluot at the birds would fly
Saway, but would retutn again as soon
as their enemies-the farmers-had dis
appeared. The greatest damage was
done early in the morning and late in
the evening. T'he farmera have decided
to ask the government to a4oit some
means of exterminating the sparrows,
should another plague of the little pests
manifest itself next season.
The Sultan's French Blood.
The French papers relate that Ab
dul Hamid, Sultan of Turkey, has
French blood tin him and is distantly
connected with the Bonaparte family.
A Mlle. de Rivery, cousin and playmate
of Josephine Tase'her de la Pageric,
who afterwards became Empress of
Frrange, was wrecked off the coast of
Algiers while returning from Mar.
sellles to Martinique. A passing ship
saved her, but this vessel fell into the
hands of the Algerine pirates, and the
tlady was sold as a slave. The Bey of
Algiers presented her to Abdul Harild
:1. to whom she bore a son, Mahomotl
I., granatber of the present Saltan.
A FISIIERIAN'S STORY.
Exposure CamW Near Ending BIs Life.
From the Press, Utica X. 1:
Mr. William Dale is a highly respeoted far
merliving in that part of the township of
Brookfleld known as the "Waterman Die
triot," and is well known as a thrifty anti
honorable man of independent means. Three
years ago Mr. Dale was disabled from rheu
matism in a most aggravated form, which
medical skill seemed powerless to relieve,
but suddenly he became to all appearance
cured, was able to attend to his work, and
ever since has been in looks at least the in
carnation of sound bodily health.
The following is Mr. Dale's own statement
of his case and what wrought the change.
BROOKFIELD, New York, July 14th, 1896.
"I am llty-one years old, and by birth an
Englishman. In my early ii.e I tollowed the
avocali)n of lisherman, in which by expo
sure I contracted rheumatism. from which 1
suffered more or less for manyyears. About
three years ago, I arose one morning to (ind
myself crippled, and the least exertion
brought on most excruciating pains, so that
I was forced to seek relief by going to bed
and retraining motionless. Our family phy
sician was immedia ely summoned, and he
began the usuaal course of remedies but in
steal of helping me I becamtne worse. My
joints, ospecially in my left arm were in
flu ned and hot. I suffrrred much from cle
rangement of the heart, and constact sweats,
which were of a sour, ill sm,;ling nature.
My appetite failed me, my tongue was thickly
coated, and altogether I was in a had Nay.
In addition to this, worriment of mind be
c use I could not attend to the spring work
oh two farms which 1 owned,' made my con
dition deolorable,
"While in this unhappy sate, my friend,
Mr Amos Jaquays, of Columbus Centre.
hearing of my illness, came over and recom
mended me to try Dr. Williams' Pink Pills,
which he said had cured him of kidney tlis
ease. He also stated that William Woodman,
whom I had known to be a terrible rheu
matic ºufferer al' his life, was through this
remedy now in the best of'health.
"ro make a long story short, I sent over
to Mr. Silas I )rk, who keeps a store and
sells groceries by wagon through the coun
ty, for a box of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills,
and began to take them a cording to direc
tions. The re-ults of the new treatment
were astonishing, as after taking nine of the
pills I was at work and ever since have done
m: 'till share of labor.
"Pink Pidls are now our physician. We
always keep them in the house, and doctors
bilU1 have ceased to be a part of the family
exlcenes.
"rtse nills are acoming pretty well
known in tlis prt of thoeountry. as all who
have here used tnlem swear by t lem, and do
all in their power to make their virtues
known.
"The atovo is a frte statement, and if
necessary I will make oath t, the same.
"Wu. DALE "
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills con: sin, In a con
densed form, all the elements necessary to
g.ve now life ant richnest ' to the blood and
res:ore shattered nerves. They are ian un
failing spectlie for such diseases as locomotor
ataxia. partial paralyss. St. Vitus' dance,
sainicea, neuralgia, rheumatism, nervous
heatcthe, the after oiTffct of Ia grippe, pl- I
pitation of the heart, pale and eallow corm
plexions, all forams of weakness either in
male or female. Pink Pills are sold by all
dealers, or will be sent post paid on receipt
of wice, 50 cents a ihox, or six boxes for $2.50.
by atddressing Dr. Williams' Medicine Com
pany. Schenectady. N. Y.
Corn
is a vigorous feeder and re
sponds well to liberal fertiliza
tion. On corn lands the yield
increases and the soil improves
if properly treated with fer
tilizers containing not under
7%e actual
Potash.
A trial of this plan costs but
little and is sure to lead to
profitable culture.
All about Potash-the results of its use by actual ex
periment on the best farms in the United States-is
told in a little book which we publish and will gladly
mail free to any farmer in Amenrica who will write for it.
GERMAN KALI WORKS,
93 Nassau St., New York.
I*sREPAIRING
S o Everything pertain
l ing to bicycles and
inrymm-mrepairs kept in stock.
'1 Ieo best worknmen antidfinest mnaterlals in our
reepirt department. P'rompt and cartnul at
tention to mail orders. Inlquiries solicited.
THE LOOSLZY CYCLE CO..
Biruminhamn, Ala.
Which do you prefer?
T'I'etter,
Eczema,
or
50 cents?
Better swap all three for
TET'I'ETERINEI.
I box by mail for R00. in stamps.
J. T. SHUPrI tlNE,
Savannah, Ga.
It Cures all Skin Iliseasee.
Time true ad startling storr or
W bogai, who weddtied ten wives.
*... rFull length Illustrations. A 50c.
biok sent arcunre and rre*. by mall for
LU . l.Isa iwo-ce t 'n ,nms for postage, etc.
GEO. Mi. hiOlY, Kenrney, Mo.
RODf For tracing and locating Gold or Sliver
Ore. Inst or hidden treasurots . M.D. FOW
LEI, BJx 87, Southlngton, Conn.
1OPIU and WHISKY habit/ cired. Book sent
ru i Da .l WOOLLET. ATI.Alri I.
ANDY CATHARTIC
CURE CONSTIPATION
ALL
ss so I onu sGlsts
IBSOLUTELY GVURLWTB D I r eueofd.olpation. l',et.b ir the Ideia L.
t ie. >tever orrlpe, but tras easy naturalresultts. Sm
ple ad booklet free. Ad. STERLING RERDT (. . Chibeao. MontreL Can., or New York. itI.
S ENCYCLOPN
--t well be Ike aI Ia
POOR, MAN' SPU- -"" -oo
134 Leonard Street, . Y. City, for It serves the prpm of the gret eaeyelltu0n
brtia hauandrd times the lo eashed. It Is completely la ltn, maklr the
uasatlr aalble. With thi rale. able bWk you has a world r
dk a et ear sba ' sodi, mai sea 5 easi sly aippFl lack of early e
tnal advaatage. When redlling, deon't you contently cam N" tei
Mense tos ifl touderstandt Ilat ~o, a email mRoou to pay fto haying lsek kisa
a ka Do yat know who Crssem we, an where he lived? Who bunt the Pysaul.,
walt setmatrd tn~r ios per sondp Whoo lt o the losoest rivae I the we"
Srs!M tole oveatod the cempees la IM, and who Maro Pale wasi What the erd
4 50s- B ws Tkakeesrrtat th as et asplansttees o " j rt
ý - raaellsiVAr w tysl~rit. the
Gladness Comes
W ith a better understanding of the
Stransient nature of the many phys
ical ills which vanish before proper ef
forts-gentle efforts-pleasant efforts
rightly directed. There is comfort ir
the knowledge that so many forms of
sickness are not due to any actual dis
ease, but simply to a constipated condi
tion of the system, which the pleasant
family laxative, Syrup of Figs, prompt.
ly removes. That is why it is the only
remedy with millions of families, an is
everywhere esteemed so highly by all
who value good health. Its beneficial
effects are due to the fact, that it is the
one remedy which promotes internal
cleanliness, without debilitating the
organs on which it acts. Itis therefore
all important, in order to get its bene
ficial effects, to note when you pur
chase, that you have the genuine article,
which is manufactured by the California
Fig Syrup Co. only, and sold by all rep
utable druggists.
If in the enjovynent of good health,
and the system is regular, then laxa
tives or other remedies are not needed.
If afflicted with any actual disease, one
may be commended to the most skillful
physicians, but if in need of a laxative,
then one should have the best, and with
the well-informed everywhere, Syrup of
Figs stands highest and is most largely
used and gives most general satisfactiol
DR. O. T. DOZIER,
9l l. I~. Renowvned anlltlihrn .peLI3llidt.)
3lrnmilnghmlia , Ala.
Succussfuly treats, at office or BY
MIAIL AT YOUIlt OWN IHOME, all
forms of Chronic, Nervous, Blood,
Skin and Private Diseases of Men and
Women.
CURES GUARANTEED.
All Chroic Diseases of Lungs, Liver,
Heart, Kidneys. Bladder, and all diseases of
the Gen!to-Criuary organs are in my line of
practice. Diseases peculiar to women, and
all venereal (i[seases of either sex positively
cured by mlil and uafe remedies. linpedi
ments to marriage, as Stricture, Varlco
cele, Imipotener. Emissions and all evil re
sults of self-abuse or excessive indulgence
quickly and permanently cured. I guaran
tee satisfaction In every case I treat. 1My
valuable "hook for Men Only." and .Symp
tom Blanks for m:n11 or women will be sent
free in plain, sealed envelope to all who
apply. Consultation free, whether in per
son or by letter.
A FEW EXTRACTS FROM PRESS ENDORSEMENTS
Hundreds more of like character, and
thousands of high testimonlals from pa
tients can be furnished if necessary.
(Atlanta Constltutln.)
Dr. O. T. Dozier, the heal of the Southern ledleal
Dlspensary of llrnlhtluha', Ala., is a slecialist o'
nearly twenty years' experihtnce In the tre ftment of
chronic, ,:ervoutis and lrivant dis set and hbl unl
f.rm suree..s h.s given him a leading position in tbi
medical profession.
(Mlasnle Guide.)
Dr. Dozier can be relied uponl to treat diseases nla
the most successful manner, and he is known all
over the south.
(Thle Southern Odd Fellow."
We cannot add anything to the reputation Dr.
O. T. ozler has already acquired in the line of Ilil
profession, but we know him to be abrotherOdd
Iellow th t can Ie relied o:l to carry oat $very
Vromlse he makes to those needing his ser'ces.\
(Agc Herald.)
* * Dr. Dozier has resiled for many years lh
ilrmlngham, anld c tch successivo year has addlt to
lils reputatIlon, to Ilfs usellllless alll to the esteem
in which he Is held by our best clhlens. His I ng
r~,.r'i and ap'rrvel ablllties entitle hlim to the
,,roud dlstinctlou of standing at "the head of hi
rrofessiou."
(Teople's We'klv Tribune.)
As a specIalst DIr. Dozier is unexcelled by any
living hysl'an * * * He Is a Georglanby birth,
a hlghtolied, cultured, Christlan gentleman, strictly
honest in ll h a le ilings anti ina.ielally responsible
for all his contreets.
(Daily News, Blrmlnrgham.'
Dr. Dnzier is a physician and suirgeon of edtletlotl,
skill and experience, a niat of culture and hlih
literary ettailmonts and a genltlemalln respected by
all who know him. He c:n be relied on in all mat.
ters pertlulng to his profession.
( Alahama Christian Advocate.)
His (Dr Dozler's)professiunal standing 1s uinlm
perlchable and his character as a gentleman and
citizen is above reproach.
Addressa
DR. O. T. DOZIER,I
Lock Box 112, BInMI~GltAM, ALA.
Why LetYour Chickens,.
Hogs Cattle and Horses Die?
Dr. Salmon's )ledlelnes are guaranteed to cure
and fatter themn or money refunledl. If your dealer
cannot supply you send .. cents for large sample
nackaee atlld FPitrite '5 haltl.book of informnation.
VETERINARY MED;CINE CO., Nashvrlle, Tenn
W:L' IAV DllV to men and women in
DA Y[ I LRII every town to work for
us, day or evening, at their homes; nice, pleas.
ant work nocanvassing. Experiencenotnec
essary. Enclose stamp for particulars.
STANDARD CO., 142 W. 23d St., N. V.
Am. N,U. No.49. 1898.