PAGE FOUR
THE MINNESOTA FIERY CROSS
Tlte MINNESOTA FIKRY CROSS is i>ublish*s» every Friday try th«> Empire
Publishing Company, St. Paul. Minnesota, and will maintain a pulley of staunrh.
Protestant Americanism without tear or favor.
Edited. not to make up people's minds. but to shake up people's minds: to
help mold aetive public opinion which will make America a proper place to live in.
News of truth kills more false news and shrivels up more “bunk” than all
Che earnest arguments In the world. Truth helps to clarify opinions on serious
questions by serious people.
The MINNESOTA FIKRY CROSS will strive to give the American viewpoint
on published articles and separate the dross from the pure gold in the current
news of the day.
The Umpire I’nblUhlnir Ce.. Inc-. Publishers
Second-class mailing rates applied for.
Advertising Rates Will Be Furnished t pen Request
Subscription Rate, by Mall. 12.00 Per Year
flruC All News Items and Address all Inquiries to fill Pioneer Building, St. Paul.
Minnesota
■ = • : • - ■■ - - ■
KLAN’S PROGRAM FOR 1924
L Militant, old-fashioned Christianity and operative patriotism,
f. Back to the Constitution.
f. Enforcement of the Eighteenth Amendment so long as It Is a part of
the Constitution.
4. Enforeement of present Immigration laws and enactment of more
stringent laws on Immigration.
Universal Public Education
The New York Times in an editorial on the Oregon school law. abolish
ing private and parochial institutions, declares that if the United States
supreme court upholds the recent decision of a district federal court de
claring the law unconstitutional, a step will be gained “in protecting the
parental right against a socialistic invasion.”
With everything with which the editors of The New York Times do not
agree; everything that is progressive in mild or strong measure. The Times
takes great delight in dubbing it “socialistic," thereby hoping to arouse
sections of well-meaning, but misinformed, people against that particular
thing.
Such an assertion may carry weight within the confines of New York city,
ridden as it is with private schools and an elaborate, far-reaching system of
parochial schools, while its public school system is in the selfish grasp of
Tammany Hall.
But in other sections of the country, where an American point of view
is held by a majority of the population, the absurdity of such a statement
is apparent.
In the early days of the American republic, when publ.c schools were be
ing established, and compulsory school laws being placed on the statute
books of various states, a similar cry was raised. “There was much re
sistance to laws which declared that parents could not teach and train their
own children at home; that they must be sent either to the public school
or to an accredited private or parochial institution during the fomative
years of youth. The evils that lay in allowing paents to exercise their so
called “parental rights” consisted of working children on the farms with
practically no schooling, or just a few weeks of it in the winter months.
The Oregon school law, or any law similar to it in enforcing a system of
universal public education is just another step in the building up and re
enforcing of the school system which is the foundation upon which rests
the destiny fo American democracy. •
If a universal public education law is “a socialistic invasion,” so, too,
is the law establishing free public schools “a socialistic invasion.” If the
Oregon law abridges parents’ rights, how about the abridgement of the
rights of parents and non-parents (following The Times’ line of argument)
by the eighteenth amendment?
The editorial referred to declares that the only analogies to be found to
such a law are in Russia and Turkey. Well, if Soviet Russia is installing a
system of universal education, there may still be hope for that country.
The Turkish law is vastly different from the American one. The Angora
government seeks not only to have universal Turkish education in the pri
mary schools, but proposes also to abolish secondary schools and colleges
managed by private interests. The Oregon law does not go beyond the ele
mentary school.
Then The Times states: “The law partook also of the spirit and method
of the Prussian educational system.” It partakes of the spirit of the Prus
sian system in so far as it is universal. With the method there can be no
quarrel. The Prussian system did one thing, if nothing else: it thooughly
educated those who came under it. But that education was directed in the
wrong channels; it was education for an ulterior purpose, education as a
means to an end. The same methods applied to the American public school
jystem —requiring every child to attend the public school—would work to
the inestimable good of the nation.
Just how sound is the decision of the Oregon district court is a problem.
The court is sitting in the storm center of the question, and its decision
man not be entirely free from local influences. The test of the law will be
carried to higher tribunals. The newspapers from the Pacific to the At
lantic declare it is unconstitutional and that the higher courts will uphold
rtbe decision of the lower court. But the newspapers have consistently op
?posed the passage of the bill from the very beginning. And no one can deny
?th*t their opposition was born of “respect” for their advertisers, who are in
'the main a class unalterably against universal public education.
The mere fact that the law was passed in Oregon shows that the rank
and file of the people are in favor of it. Should the supreme court declare
It null and void, American citizens will have a goal tov/ard which to work:
to so amend the federal constitution that universal public education will
become part of the basic law of the United States.
Blake's Free Press
Aldrich Blake, former associate of ex-Governor J. C. Walton of Okla
homa, now head of the Visible Government League of that state, has pro
posed a measure which if enacted into law would make all newspapermen
members of a profession and subject to removal upon conviction for libel.
The proposed measure shows conclusively how Blake and his ilk would
like to control the press were they in positions of power. All persons em
ployed on newspapers or magazines to write, edit, or in any way assist in
the preparation of any news or editorial matter come under the provisions
of the measure. They would be requried to take an oath and in turn would
receive a license from the secretary of state. This license would be re
voked upon conviction of libel and the guilty party barred from working at
his profession for a period of three years.
The measure reflects the personal opinion of Mr. Blake, who, along with
his former chief, has been severely lampooned by the press of Oklahoma
for the part they played in attempting to crush an organization of native
born, white Americans the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan.
It does not require a law to put the work of newspapermen in the pro
fessional class. Newspapermen in most parts of the country are considered
professional men. If they have not attained that standing by a university
diploma, they have at least attained it by years of hard work and severe
training. There is a code of ethics prevalent in the newspaper profession
(Des Moines excepted) which is upheld as strongly as are the codes of
•thics of the ministry or of the legal or medical profession.
But just what Mr. Blake hopes to accomplish by depriving a newspaper
man of his livelihood for three years upon conviction of libel is not clear.
The state code of Oklahoma as well as of other states has sufficiently strong
provisions for the punishment of persons convicted of either civil or crim
inal libel.
The first amendment to the constitution says in part: “Congress shall
make no law * • • abridging the freedom of speech or of the press.”
Blake’s proposed measure abridges the freedom of the prss. It seeks to
keep under the thumb of the government every writer, whether on a news
paper or magazine. It shows the type of law that would have been enacted
had Blake and his followers succeeded in putting over their program in
Oklahoma last year. But Blake is fighting a losing battle. He endeavored
to obtain signers to a petition to pass an anti-Klan law in Oklahoma. He
failed miserably. It was because of the freedom of the press that Governor
Walton and Blake are now known only as characters in the tragedy which
took place in that state last year. Blake, it seems, is trying to carry out a
personal vengeance. The Americans of Oklahoma are not worried. They
know the measure has no chance of being made a law.
Sparks from the Fiery Cross
By JOHN EIGHT POINT
“The noblest motive is the public good” —Virgil
Neglect. Klansmen, bolts the door
of your great opportunity.
Stop, Professor, It Is our Bible —we
don’t want it tinkered with so much!
We need not be civil to the devil
merely to prove that Klansmen are
not' bigots.
• • *
It is remarkable how bad the weath
er is the evening you go to lodge or
have a distasteful task to perform.
• • a
You may carve your name as famous,r
Win applause non-partisan.
But you’re nobler when your name i*
On the roll of the Ku Klux Klan'
Clear-eyed then', nor vague nor flighty.
Breaking superstition’s bars.
For our purpose, true and mighty
Lifts us nearer to the stars.
• • •
Must Face Ghastly Facts
History presents in lurid red cer«
tain ghastly facts which Klansmen
can only read with horror. If popery
wins, our liberties are gone and the
facts that once flamed in lurid lights
may repeat themselves. The 1924
race for the presidency will be a tre
mendous run against organized pop
ery and red propaganda. But we
may well remember that the Protest
ant steeds, exercised and reared for
the trail, will race away to victory
with these banners flying in the wind:
Absolute law enforcement; a safe
guarded constitution; a real public
school bill that will assure each child
in America at least a grammar school
education; an immigration bill with
closely woven steel meshes.
* « *
The difficulties in getting full
co-operation with Canada to stop
liquor-smuggling are caused by
Canada’s lax ideas toward prohi
tion. This attitude is the re
sult of provincial rather than
federal action. There seems to be
no real cure for the Canadian
side of the distemper until Can
ada acts strongly in the right di
rection.
* * *
The Whirlpool of Anger
Even the enemies of the Klan point
out that in the battle between the
“drys” and the “wets” at Herrin, the
Klansmen have been unalterably op
posed to the “wets.” We do not mind,
therefore, that high-brow professors
refer to secret societies as a “phase
of elementary human nature" and
consciencelessly call our action “gang
force as opposed to the operation of
law.” We know that whatever “gang
force” we possess is not opposed to
the operation of law but is a conser
vator and helper of law itself. To the
child-mind of certain universities and
the malicious mind of foreign relig
ionists, we may possibly classify with
the Tagalogrs of the Philippines and
the tongs of China, but we are will
ing to labor and to wait, content if
the nation shall emerge, as emrerge
it must, from the whirlpool of an
angry and complex national situation
into a stranger and nobler interpre
tation of the free government toward
which our founders always labored.
• * •
History Will Prove It
The chief difficulty faced by the
Klan will always be the effort of sub
tle opponents to join with it and un
dermine its highest purposes for the
sake of presenting the organization
to the world as a warped and faction
al impulse. By this plan these clever
enemies will seek to discredit the or
der with the easily-gulled, improper
ly-informed and superficially edu
cated. But there will always be an
unrelenting public opinion in Ameri
ca which will care for those who have
unselfishly strived towaard good and
noble ends. At the final count the
Klan will be understood and its rela
tion to true American growth will
be seen. It will then be observed that
instead of being a spiteful demon in
a fairy story, the Klan will be a
guardian angel on the pages of his
toric record.
• * *
Washington’s Wisdom
The wisdom of George Washington
and his colleagues in warning this
country away from political and so
cial entanglements becomes clearer
every day. France has strengthened
herself in the Mediterranean by the
Tangier settlement and she has allied
the Slav by her Czecho-Slovakia un
derstanding. It requires no prophet
ic vision to see a Slav-bloc in alliance
with France. England cannot but re
alize that she wasted a great deal of
sentiment upon France during the
war. She must feel deeply disqui
eted. Meanwhile America sails on
gracefully and the warnings of Wash
ington thunder helpfully upon our
national ear. The Klan need not wor
ry, provided It can get all true Ameri
cans to understand where our treas
ures lie.
e e e
The Emerging Influence
There is implanted in the heart of
man. particularly that of the white
Aryan, an ethical feeling which has
grown up as the result of historical
experience, clarified and intensified
by operative religion. This feeling
is the best product of centuries of ef
fort on the pa»t of the best men of
the race. It regulates our acts toward
our fellow man and its disappearance
would mean the triumph of morbid
and colossal selfishness both in the
individual life and in the national ex
istence.
Recogniznig this fact, the Klan has
steadfastly combatted every effort
toward political crookedness and
commercial treason. With an eye
toward the development of America
as a brotherhood of common-purposed
and zealous patriots working ever to
ward general education of the masses
by public schools and the aggran
dizement of a government founded
upon permanent principles of liberty
and justice, the Klan has urged a mi
croscopic scrutiny of political, moral
and institutional life. Granting that
an economic world-union of broth
ers is in progress of fomation, the
Klan has stressed and will forever
THE FIERY GROSS
stress the supremacy of the race, relig
ion and nation that is best fitted to
carry out the progressive demands of
civilization in general. To the great
majority of mankind the ethical laws
of Christ will be the true basis of in
dividual as well as of national con
duct. Upon this basis the Klan
stands as it has stood since its incep
tion. There must be a very general
determination of all social pocesses
to confom to the principles of the
Protestant Christian. This ethical
feeling, emerging positively in Amer
ican life, is an energizing influence
which the Klan shall use in its con
structive endeavor. i
Let us not be Klansmen who try
to fill our organization by every
means except that of preaching the
grand fundamentals for which we
stand.
• * «
The true Klansman’s home is one
of the greatest foes the old devil has
on earth. That is whv we struggle to
keep that nursery of faith and lib
erty sacred and inviolate.
* * *
If we in America think the right
way. as Protestants and Klansmen.
we shall survive and our nation shall
wax strong, no matter how many
think the wrong way in Europe.
ALIENS A6AINST
PASSAGE OF BILL
ON IMMIGRATION
Foreign Bloc in Congress
Uses Eleventh-Hour Tac
tics to Delay Measure
BOTH HOUSES ACTIVE
Intliienee of Secretary Hughes
May Be Overcome—Would
Exclude Mexicans
(llurfau of Publication and Kducatlon)
WASHINGTON, D. C., April 6.
The Johnson immigration bill came
up for consideration on the floor of
the house today under a special rule
brought in by the house rules com
mittee and the big fight is in full
swing now at both ends of the capi
tol. It is only a matter of a few days
until the question will have been
threshed out in both branches of con
gress and the final bill sent to the
White House for the president’s sig
nature.
Realizing that they are licked on
the immigration measure, the foreign
bloc has adopted eleventh-hour tac
tics by trying to postpone action
Criticizing the Johnson bill on the
ground that it discriminates against
the Latin races of Europe and places
a “stamp of inferiority’ upon 2,000,-
000 naturalized citizens in the United
States, Representative Sabath, of Chi
cago, acting for the aliens and for
eign bloc, introduced a resolution
providing for an investigation of all
questions affecting immigration, emi
gration and migration by a special
commission.
This is the scheme provided to put
a stop, if possible, to passing the
Johnson bill at this tsage of the pro
ceedings. but it won’t work. The
resolution will be offered as a substi
tute for the Johnson bill when the
latter comes to a vote in the next few
days in the house. Mr. Sabath pro
poses that the existing immigration
law shall be continued in force until
December 31, 1925. By that time the
commission of inquiry will be able
to make a report, guiding congress in
changing the immigration laws along
scientific lines, according to the man
from Chicago.
This congress is going to pass an
immigration bill and do it right now
and it will be ready for the presi
dent’s signature before many days. It
is not going to postpone or put off as
is suggested by the foreign bloc. The
foreigners cite the attitude of Secre
tary Hughes on the Japanese ques
tion, and are trying to work that in,
but to no avail.
Another feature that is entering
into consideration on the immigra
tion question is that of admitting so
many Mexicans into the United
States. During the last year, while
the United States was rigorously lim
iting the admission of aliens from
Europg, the source of the most de
sirable immigration, more than 63,-
000 Mexicans were admitted. The
standard of living among the Mexi
can immigrants is said to be very low
and they cannot be described as de
sirable additions to American life.
There is such a demand for the cheap
labor of Mexico in this country, judg
ing from the demands which are
manifest as far north as Pittsburgh.
This is one of the evils of leaving our
frontiers open.
Young Hat Company
Apologizes to Klansmen
Young Hat Company officials say
they do not discriminate against the
Knights of the Ku Klux Klan. They
say the letter written to Wood, Wil
son & Moore, of Memphis, Tennessee,
reproduced in The Fiery Cross a few
weeks ago, was the work of one indi
vidual only, and that it in no way re
flects the attitude of the firm as a
whole.
It is understood that the secretary,
whose name is Fecheimer,, and who
it is understood is responsible for the
letter in question, has been dis
charged from the company. The com
pany retracts everything written dis
criminatory to the Klan, and apolo
gize for the letter.
Patronize Fiery Cross Advertisers
Alien and Un-American Influences Are Congratulating
Themselves Too Soon; Klan Will A wake Protestantism
There are influences in the United
States today which are jubilant over
the lethargy of the Protestant Amer
ican people. Many Protestants have
been lulled into a sound sleep of so
called “broadmindedness” by the poi
soned press which has been working
hand in hand with the interests op
posed to the limitation of foreign im
migration, the enforcement of the
BOOTLEGGING IN UNDESIRABLE ALIENS
THROUGH U. S. BACK DOOR MUST END
(Hurrau of Publication and Education)
WASHINGTON, D. C., April 5.
The secretary of labor, Mr. Davis,
has had a big experience in the ad
ministration of immigration laws,
and he has discovered that it is prac
tically impossible to make the laws
effective while the back doors are
wide open all along both of our land
frontiers.
Mr. Davis has accordingly, more
than once, urged that congress should
apply the rule of quota limitation to
British, North America, Mexico, Cen
tral America and South America. He
suggests that it is unwise to close
our front doors to immigration and
leave our back doors open.
More than 63,000 Mexicans entered
this country last year. With many of
them the standard of living is very
low, as compared with real Ameri
cans. They are not the most desira
ble, by any means.
Here is another proposition: Jap
anese and Chinese coolies are smug
gled into the United States by air
plane from Mexico. They are smug
gled in as members of ships’ crews.
One vessel brought in 54 Chinese dis
guised as seamen. That evil should
be remedied while we are at this im
migration law making business.
Senator Watson, of Indiana, has in
troduced a bill and is watching it
over in the senate along these very
lines as suggested and recommended
A KLANSMANS CREED
/ believe in God and in the ten
ets of the Christian religion and
that a godless nation can not long
prosper.
I believe that a church that is
net grounded on the principles of
morality and justice is a mockery
to God and man.
/ believe that a church that does
not have the welfare of the com
mon people at heart is unworthy.
I believe in the eternal separa
tion of Church and State.
*• J hold no allegiance to any for
eign government, emperor, king,
pope or any other foreign, politi
cal or religious power.
1 hold my allegiance to the Stars
and Strijies next to my allegiance
to God alone.
/ believe in just laws and liberty.
I believe in the upholding of the
Constitution of these United States.
I believe that our Free Public
School is the comer stone of good
government and that those who are
seeking to destroy it are enemies
of our Republic and are unworthy
of citizenship.
I believe in freedom of speech.
/ believe in a free press uncon
trolled by political parties or by
religious sects.
I believe in lav) and order.
I belunv in the protection of our
pure womanhood.
I da not believe in mob violence,
but I do believe that laws should
be enacted to prevent the causes
of mob violence.
I believe in a closer relationship
of capital and labor.
I believe in the prevention of
unwar ranted strikes by foreign la
bor agitators,
I bclict'c in the limitation of for
eign immigration,
I am a natiw-bom American eit
izen and I believe my rights in this
country are sujterior to those of
foreigners.
liquor laws and the upholding of the
constitution. . And while the Protest
ant American sleeps, these forces
congratulate each other. But their
jubilation will be short lived, for in
the clearing the Klan is coming. In
many places the Klan has already
aroused Protestants to the needs of
their country; it has given them a
new vision of their duties. The Klans
men, together with all Protestant
by Secretary Davis. These can be
easily incorporated in the new legis
lation. The advice of Secretary Da
vis, chief administrator of the immi
gration laws, should have great
weight with congress. His experi
ence in actual enforcement of the
laws has given him information
which is not in the possessrion of
the legislators.
This country approves of a restrict
ive policy as to immigration. It is
against discriminations which would
breed misunderstadnings; it wishes
to keep out criminals who slip by
ineffective immigration meshes and
then ply their illicit trade and traffic
in drugs and liquors, as well as smug
gling in Chinese and other excluded
aliens.
Secretary Davis knows how to ac
complish tneir purposes with the max
imum of efficiency and a minimum
of friction with foreign governments.
Hence his advice should be sought
and heeded.
Discredited public officials who are
on the way to the oubliette will find
graft and selfishness as the stumbling
blocks that tripped them in their
early endeavors.
Dark Electric Company
1026 Grand Avenue
General Electrical Contractors
and Appliances
Office Telephone Walnut 3545
All First Class Work
Capitol Hill Laundry
Work Called for and Delivered
Maple 572
MOVING
STORAGE AND BAGGAGE
« Call Drake 5316-J
KENT’S TRANSFER CO.
Long Distance Hauling
Prices Bight 1«I2 W. 16th St.
THE GOLDEN RULE GARAGE
FOB FIRST CLASS GENERAL REPAIRING
MAGNETO RECHARGING
2407 East ISth St. Des Moines lowa
“If We Can’t Fix It, Give It Away”
CHIROPRACTIC FOR HEALTH
It will make a new person of you—end the result Is
accomplished in a natural and simple manner. If
you have never tried this road to health, better be
gin now.
'IE:
i/~,
Americans, will rid the nation of the
leeches of foreign dominance. The
Protestant will desert the poisoned
press; he will learn how he has been
deceived and hoodwinked for year*
past. And with the coming of that
time —it is fast approaching in the.
middle west —a new and a better day
will dawn for the United States and
all within her borders, irrespective of
race or creed.
Perseverance in pursuit of du
ties that are thoroughly and tru
ly Klanish is commendable and
desirable, and will work wonders,
but it will not make a bad egg
hatch and there are always bad
eggs to deal with.
CLASSIFIED COLUMN
Advertisements under this head will
be published at the rate of 15 cents
a line, six average words to the line;
minimum charge 60 cents.
Copy must be in this office by noon
on Monday of publication week.
NIGHTWATCHMAN Situation is
wanted as nightwatchman or spe
cial police. Experienced. Ameri
can. Good qualifications and refer
ences. Call this office - Wal. 3326,
Ask for Adv. Mgr.
SITUATION WANTED -By Ameri
can. Experienced in Insurance and
Clerical Work. Desires to connect
up with good American concern.
Am willing to work—what have
you? Call Wal. 3326—Ask for Ad
vertising Manager.
APRIL CHICK prices reduced, Rocks,
Reds, Buff Orpingtons, Anconas. 13
cts. White Orpingtons, White Wy
andottes, 14 cts. Brown and White
Leghorns, 12 cts each. 100% deliv
ery. Pharis Hatchery, Albia, lowa.
EXPERIENCED operator P. B. X. or
clerical work. Call Walnut 3326.
FOR SALE High class rugs, curtains,
clothing, glassware, complete fern
ery, pictures and cooking utensils.
Every item a bargain. Phone Mar
ket 3743.
SITUATION WANTED—By 100 per
cent American. Can take charge of
office, hotel or business. Would
take job on road selling. Want
something with a chance for ad
vancement. What have you? Write
J. C. B. 515 Polk Bldg., Des Moines,
lowa.
TWO FINE BUILDING LOTS—On
Pleasant View Drive, in Park Ave.
district. Will make you a good
proposition, cash or terms. Acquire
this fine tract, build you a home
and be independent. Here’s a real
bargain. Call Wal. 3326, ask for
Adv. Mgr., or write T. S. H. 616
Polk Bldg., Des Moines, lowa.
1309 Lyon St.
OFFICE EQUIPMENT Bargains,
Undervrood 5 $46; Visible machine
$25; Todd checkwriter $10; F. & E.
checkwriter 5. Market 2114, 322
Frankel Bldg.
DR. L. J. LOWE
Office 423 Kraft Itulldlng
Pbonest Ret, Drake hm-Jt Office. Market 2016
DEM MOINES. IOWA
Friday, April 11, 1924 \