m £Mi
Friday. May 30,1924 THE FIERY CROSS PAGE TH»RK
Digest of National News for Fieryi Cross Readers
AL L SMITH HAS
20 YEARS' RECORD
AS “WET’ BOOSTER
Hew York Superintendent of
Anti-Saloon League Delves
Into Past.
TIGHT IS WARMING UP
Ho Prohibitionists in Nation
To Be Overlooked In
League Campaign.
An indication of the tight that the
Orys will make against the nomination
At Governor Alfred E. Smith as the
Democratic candidate for President is
shown in a statement issued by Arthur
J. Davis, New York State Superintend
ant of the Anti Saloon League.
This statement said that for twenty
fears Governor Smith had an un
broken and consistent wet record, in
cluding an affirmative vote on a bill
to permit the location of bars adja
cent to churches and schoolhouses.
The statement, which Mr. Davis said
had been sent to the Anti-Saloon
League branches in every Stale that
has cast or may cast a Democratic
electoral vote, follows:
“1. Enemy of ioral option and people’s
rale on llje license Issue:
**loo7—April 3, voted to keep local op
tion bill strangled in Excise Committee.
“1910—April M, voted against amending
Baines law so as to allow local option In
gltles.
**l9l1 —May 24, voted against local op
{ton for cities; July 19, voted against Gray
tocml option bill.
"1912 Voted against Lincoln bill to
grant local option to third-class citlea.
"1913 —Appointed eight Tammany men
Nt of thirteen on Assembly Excise Com
adtteo and refused to give representatives
tthe people a chance to vote on any
perance legislation.
“1914 March 19, voted against Glllett
Mils to grant local option to cities, city
subdivisions snd counties.
“1913—March 31, voted against Pish bill
tor referendum on State-wide prohibition;
April 7, voted against Preswick bill to
grant local option to university city of
Ithaca ; April 20, voted to kill Howard bill
{ranting local option to cities, city tub
-1 visions and counties.
“Note —The above record shows years of
yeasistent opposition to every honest ref
•rendum on tbe liquor question which
would be binding and effective, in spite
»t his demagogic appeals for a fake ‘refer
sndum' on national prohibition.
"2. Against added regulation of liquor
{raffle and Its separation from vice:
"1904 —March 18, unrecorded on bill put
Jlag additional restrictions in tbe Raines
"1906—Voted against the Freatice bill to
CU asslgaatloa houses sad house* ef 111
me run as ‘Raines law* hotels, thereby
Sing to continue Infameas ‘Karnes law
al r abuses Passed over 2to 1 against
opposition.
**l9lß—Voted against bill stiffening up
regulatory and snforceanent features of
the Liquor Tan law.
‘*l9l3—As Speaker, engineered the defeat
ft the Knight bill against knowingly de
dverlna liquor In dry territory except to
•ona fide consignee.
•fi. Faro red breaking down existing
safeguards against the liquor traffic:
"1904 —April 14, voted to force hotel bars
into over 300 dry towns and make hotels
independent of town local option elections
sad thus, by robbing tbe populaar rot* of
Kof Its effect, to nullify the towa op
faster* of the Liquor Tax law.
**l9l3—Voted for tbe Hackett bill to
•ake It harder to convict New York City
liquor dealers for violating tbe law.
"1913—Feb. 28, engineered paeeage of Mc-
Cae bill emasculating a saloon-ratio sec
tion of Liquor Tax law; March 28, aa
Speaker, englnered the passage of- the Mc-
Oa* bill to ease convicted liquor-law viola
tera from revocation of their licenses.
"4. Liquor soiling on Sunday and with
in prohibited places and hours:
**l9o7—March 9* and April 23, voted for
Mealag ap prohibited areas to aal* of
Maera.
May at, voted fa* Walker bUI la
msaslag hours for ante ad liquors.
**l9lfi—Aa Speaker helped desperate ef
dart all through session to paaa Mil legal
Mag the opening of saloons on Sunday la
few Tech City. Engl soared passage ef
Walker bill Increasing hours of sale of
donors.
’*6. Worked fa break dews protective
•ease about eeheels and churches.
“1908—Veted for bill to remove all sens
•revisions protecting churches and aeheels
teem saloons.
"1908— Intredaced and poshed bill t*
permit hotel ben within prohibited
(fiarch and school sonee.
“1911 Voted for Sullivan bill opening
pp prohibited sonee about churches and
schools to hotel bars.
"1913—As Speaker, engineered passage
*f bill permitting salooa within 200 foot
if private schools.
"when he was candidate for re slection
In 1990.
“As candidate for re-election la 19M,
and after the Supreme Court ef the
Called SUtes had killed hia nullification
pear act, he ran on a platform which said:
“*Wb favor an amendment to the se
mi led Volstead act that will make oper
ative the act passed by the State Legists
tees (the nullification beer act) and signed
by Oovernor Smith,’ and repeatedly de
ll* red he took hts stand on that platform
facia mtion
‘‘Smith's record as a nullification Gov
ernor.
"In 1923 In bis first message to the Leg
filature urged that the paeeage ef reso
lutions requesting that the legislative ma
ihinery at Washington ‘be set la asotlon
immediately to bring about an amend
ment that will permit light wines end
peers.'
“The New York Times of March 9, 1923
• connection with the wet reeolotlon to'
l drv Congress recommended by Oovernor
Imttn. quotes hliu specifically in reference
le a New Jersey Senator's beer bill: *1
would be glad to go down aud help him
put over his bill If that will get us some
where where we can put a foot on tbe rail
again and blow off the froth.'
‘'On June 1, l'.o, signed tbe repeal of
Ifiw for the enforcement of prohibition
md left the State of New York without
lay law whatever In aid of enforcement.
“In message to Legislature January,
(924, again requested tbe passage of a
calling upon Congress to per
mit the sale of beer and wine.”
LIGHT IS BBEAKING
The statement made by Bishop J. F
Berry, of Philadelphia, that ‘‘every
Methodist preacher Is a free mao and
has ae much right to belong to the
Ku Klus Klan ae to tbe Masons or
Odd Fellows," Is a helpful and living
•ne. It shown that a leader In Moih
sdlam recognises the rights of hiu col
league* and that he darn* place thy
Mian on lie (rue fooling
jP D JACKSON, Secretary of State
-*- J of Indiana, the successful can
didate in a field of six, running on
the Republican ticket for the nom
ination for Governor. Mr. Jackson
had the support of Klansmen of
Indiana.
EDITORIAL COMMENT
ON INDIANA PRIMARY
The Philadelphia Ledger, a bitter
opponent of the Klan Movement, car
ried this story In its news columns,
and appended the bracket matter at
the bottom as editorial comment:
"President Coolidge’s walkaway
victory in the Republican primary,
giving him thirty-three more votes
In the national convention, almost
faded from tbe sight of political
observers today with interest cen
tered in the contest for the Repub
lican nomination for Governor,
which accentuated the Ku Klux Klan
issue.
"Ed Jackson, Secretary of State,
running with Ku Klux Klan support,
far outstripped his five opponents
for tbe gubernatorial nomination,
making bis selection binding on the
Stats convention that meets late this
month. Jackson’s closest opponent
Mayor Lew Shank, of Indianapolis,
avowed opponent of the Klan, was
many thousand votes behind.
"Not only did the Klan issaa bob
np in tbe governorship race, bat
also in some of the congressional
contests, and likewise in the races
for county offices. The fight, too, was
manifest generally throughout the
State in the efforts to elect delegates
to the State convention that will
aominate the party ticket, exclusive
of Governor, in the event that It is
■ot determined by the primary.
["The national significance of the
outcome for the Klan of the Indi
ana primaries was pointed oat In dis
patches from Washington Tuesday.
Five Klan States in the South, whlc w
are hostile to both Smith and Under
wood for the Democratic nomination,
were believed to be waiting only
for support from Indiana to threaten
the nntlenal convention with a sep
arate ticket If Smith or Underwood
should be selected an the presi
dential candidate. Such a split. It
la believed, would maka suffleieat
votes in the Electoral College aa Im
possibility even if the November
election resulted la a Democratic
landslide.’’]
George Rothwell Brown in the
Washington Post has taken Mr. Cool
idge’s measure, as follows:
"Aa the Klan candidate leads la
the Republican gubernatorial race In
Indiana, upsetting the calculations
of tbe politicians and the hopes of
A 1 Smith, the President takes the
Btate away from Johnson and scares
him seme in California. Coolldgo
hack!—Til tell you what he’s got,’
la the language of Frank Daniels:
‘lt’s the left hind foot of a grave
yard rabbit,
That was plucked In the dark of the
moon.’ ’’
TEACHER PENSION
INCREASE BLOCKED
A 1 Smith Vetoes Measure os
Ground It Would Cost
(400,000 Year.
The Farrell bill, which would have
ceet New York City approximately
9400,000 la increased school teachers'
pensions, was vetoed today by Gov
ernor Smith that It was a violation
of the home rule amendment The
measure would have amended New
York City’s charter In relation to the
teacher’s retirement fund by defining
"annual salary" to mean the average
annual salary earned fer five years
Immediately preceding retirement.
“According to a report which I have
received," the Governor wrote in a
memorandum, "the city’s annual ap
propriation to the teachers' retire
ment syetem at the present time is
In excess of 14,000,000. This bill will
add to this appropriation an Increas
ing amount for several years. This
amount will average over |400,000 per
year for the next twenty years on the
baels of tbe estimates prepared by
the actuary employed by the teachers.
“I am forced to the conclusion, there
fore, that this bill does relate to tbe
‘property, affairs or government' of tbe
City of New York."
Bvery time a child Is taught out of
a warped school hook s good man Is
loot to his nation.
It pays s Klannman to ahak* hands
with more tbao it* lagers.
Comment of Nation’s Editors on Victory
of Klansmen at the Hoosier Primary
The result of the Indiana primary, Tuesday, May 6, in which Ed Jackson, Republican candidate
for Governor, supported by Klausmen, won the nomination by a majority of something like 3G,000 in
a field of six candidates, has been material for editorials in the newspapers in all parts of the coun
try. Editors who kept an eye on Indiana politics were not surprised that Jackson should win, but
that he should w*alk away with a majority that forces his nomination in the convention, was something
unexpected—unexpected even by Klansmen throughout the nation.
Here are a few editorial comments, picked up and compiled at random. They give a pretty fair
insight into the situation as viewed nationally:
Indianapolis Times (Independent—Not friendly to
the Klan): "Indiana always is doing unusual
things politically. Outside of Jackson's huge ma
jority, the outstanding feature of tbe primary was
the fact that two Democratic candidates, heretofore
practically unknown in State politics, achieved a
position where they must be reckoned with in the
State convention which nominates a Democratic
candidate for Governor.
"The two candidates are George R. Durgan.
mayor of Lafayette, who ran second in the primary,
and Olin R. Holt, a young Kokomo lawyer, who, on
the basis of returns not quite complete, appears to
have finished in fourth place, ahead of Dale J. Grit
tenberger, politician of long experience.
"The only reasonable answer to tbe results of the
primary is the power of the Ku Klux Klan. While
some may not like the idea, there is no longer a
particle of doubt that at tbe present time the Klan
is the most powerful influence in Indiana politics.
Its influence extends not only to the point of per
suading voters to cast their ballots for candidates
approved by the Klan, but also to the point of
Influencing thousands to vote for candidates who
are opposed to the Klan.
"In other words, the Klan was the one and only
big issue in the primary. There was little differ
ence in the platforms of the candidates except on
this point. Party lines cut little figure, thousands
of voters going into the primaries of a party other
than their own largely for the sake of casting their
ballots for or against the Klan.
"Undoubtedly Ed Jackson received many votes
for other reasons than the fact that the Klan was
friendly to him, but the Klan surely swung the
balance. The Klan influence must have accounted
for the heavy vote received by Holt, who was given
about 30,000 votes. And Klan opposition must have
been responsible for the fact that Durgan ran
second in the Democratic race, for Klan opposition
was the basis of his campaign.
"The Klan has become a situation and not a
theory in Indiana."
♦
Before the votes were all counted on Wednesday.
May 7, the Times carried this story in its news col
nmns:
"The Ku Klux Klan has demonstrated its ability
to become the controlling factor in Indiana politics.
"Here are some of the results:
“Ed Jackson, who had the Klan support for the
Republican nomination for Governor, appears to
have received more votes than all hla opponents
put together, thus, if the ratio of early return*
continues, assuring his nomination.
"There appears to hnve been no other Issue of
„ W importance in the primary. The voters of
Indiana went to the polls and expressed their senti
ments either for or against the Klan. Apparently
the Klan claims of strength have net been exag
gerated
"Meager returns from over tbe State on ether
than the major offices indicate that In moet places
Klan slates have won.
"The Republican presidential preference primary
was merely incidental to the Klan and aatl-Klaa
fight"
*—* —*
The Indianapolis News, which supported Ed Toner,
who ran third, the day following the primary, had thta
editorial comment:
“Returns received from about one-half the pre
cincts in the state point to a substantial majority for
Ed Jackson, as Republican candidate for Governor,
and, therefore, to his nomination at the primary
Mayor Shank gets second place, with Toner third.
Jackson, as every one knows, owes his victory to
the earnest enthusiastic and extremely effective
support of the Ku Klux Klan, which certainly played
a large part in the primary election."
*—* —*
Mayor Shank, the antl-Klan candidate, In an inter
view in the News, said:
"'Say, there ware just too many Kluxers for me,
that’s all,’ said Mayor Lew Bhank, in conceding
that he had no chance to win the Republican
nomination for Governor.
M ’l've been beat a good many times, bat this Is
the worst I ever got. It waa a clean cat besting. I
don’t mind getting whipped if I don’t get double
crossed. I wasn’t doubla-crossed bat once, end
that wasn't this time.
CATHOLICS FAVORED.
METHODISTS ASSERT
Methodists in general conference at Springfield, Mass., May 12, showed they are awakening to
the Roman Hierarchy menace in the United States. A condition seen long ago by leaders of the Kn
Klux Klan movement, appears to have crossed the vision of the Methodists. Truly, the awakening Is
timely.
Governor Pinchot of Pennsylvania injected a thrill into the convention by an attack on Andrew
W. Mellon, Secretary of the Treasury, and Nicholas Murray Butler, President of Columbia University;
for the wet stand of Butler, and, what Pinchot termed Mellon's “defense of the violation of the prohibition
laws.” The attack on Mellon seems significant in the face of the promised support, by 27 mayors of
Pennsylvania, in meeting assembled at Harrisburg recently, of Pinchot’s drive against liquor Taw vio
lation.
The Methodists and the Roman
Catholics:
“The need of the Methodist Epis
copal Church for a place in the
press gallery of Congress was pre
sented to the general conference by
a New York state delegate in sup
port of hla resolution to strengthen
the Methodist Press Bureau at
Washington. The reHolution was
referred to a committee.
"The Catholic Church has a
representative in thi- press gal
lery," said the proposer, Alfred
J. Higgins of Troy delegation
"He attends tho press confer
ences with tbe President and
cabinet members uud gets all
governmenl press material, ofleu
of Inestimable value The Meth
odist Church ought to have the
same advantages. The church
news ae get through ihe secular
press Is colored to suit ills (alley
of imoi In certain churches. We
want our information uncolored"
“ ‘By golly, they sure have an organization.'
Mayor Shank said that he felt at the close of
the voting Tuesday that he was ‘a gonner', and that
he went to bed. obtained the best night’s rest he
had had for weeks, and then awoke this morning
to eat a hearty breakfast.
** ‘I can take a licking, all right,' he said. T hope .
they get a good man for Governor.*"
*—*—*
Edward Toner in a statement in The News said:
"What happened was that the Republican Party
was swept into a maelstrom of conflicting opinions
upon questions not related to the administration of
the business of the state, and in the struggle over
these false issues the real issues were forgotten.
No one man, or set of men, is responsible for this.
“Such things will happen once in a while, and I
have no complaint to make. The Republicans of
Indiana have chosen Mr. Jackson as their standard
bearer in the coming campaign, and as one of his
opponents in the race for the nomination, I wish to
assure all my friends that I acquiesce in the de
cision of the party and return to private life with
nothing but good will and friendship for all the
good citizens of this great state, regardless of party
or other afllliations. I shall continue to do my level
best for the Republican party.”
♦ —* —*
Arthur Brisbane In the Hearst publications had this
to say:
"Edward Jackson, Indorsed by the Ku Kluz Klan
In Indiana, has swept the State for the Governor
ship nomination. He got more votes than all flvo
of the other candidates put together. Lew Shank,
Mayor of Indianapolis, most important candidate
against Jackson and enemy of the Klan, was wiped
out 10 to 1.
"This election is important outside of Indiana,
and Indicates that the Ku Kluz Klan has gained
rather than lost strength, and will play aa in*
porta nt part in the coming national election.
*—*—♦
Burt Tucker, staff correspondent of the Cincinnati
Enquirer, under an Indianapolis date lino of May T, has
this comment:
“An upheaval in the structure of Indiana Repub
licanism, with Ku Kluz Klan control of the party
machinery resulting, appears to bo probable .to
night, following the victory of the 'lnvisible Empire*
in the Republican primary election yesterday.
“First intimation of a battle to wrost the party
machinery from United States Senator James R.
Watson, acknowledged chieftain for the last three
years, same from Klan commanders.
“Their plans also Include the unseating of Joseph
LKeallng, O. O. P. National Committeeman from
taaa, and of Clyde Walb, Chairman of the Stats
Central Committee.
“la addition to the victory of Ed Jackson, Secre-
Srr of State, Klan sponsored candidate for the
Republican nomination for Governor, Klan leaders
declare they have elected a majority of the Precinct
Committeemen la nine or ten districts, and that
they will be able to muster sufficient strength to
oust Walb and unseat Keallng.
“Jackson's victory, on the face of tabulated re
turns. was so clear cut that he has been nominated,
he having the necessary majority to prevent the
contest being thrown into the Republican state
convention.'*
*—*—*
The New Yerk Times was non-commltal in its com
ment, which follows:
“One of the heaviest votes ever recorded at an
Indiana primury election was believed to have been
cast.
“The outstanding issue in the Republican Guber
natorial race apparently was Ku Kluz Klanism,
with Edward Jackson, present Secretary of State,
supported strongly by the Klaasmen, and Samuel
Lewis Shanks, Mayor of Indianapolis, getting the
votes of Klan opponents.
*—*—*
The Philadelphia Public Ledger, under the beading of
“la the Day's Nows." said:
“In the person of Ed Jackson, Secretary of State
and candidate for the nomination for Governor, the
Ku Kluz Klan appears to have swept the Republican
primary in Indiana. Early returns Indicate he may
have a majority, thereby making his nomination
binding on the State convention under the Indiana
law.
GOV. PINCHOT FLAYS
MELLON AND BUTLER
MAYORS PLEDGE AID
"A comprehensive. State wide
movement for rigid law enforce
ment. with particular reference
to bootlegging and all other vio
lations of the Volstead act,
gambling, prostitution and traffic
In drugs, was embodied In a
definite program of co-operative
action approved by twenty-seven
Mayors of the Commonwealth
in session here, a press dispatch
of May 7 saya:
"By unanimous vote, the
Mayors pledged co-operation
with State and national police
powers In a concentrated drive
aguinst violators of the liquor
laws. Immediately thereafter a
commit t*-* of five Mayors, ap
.pointed by the General Confer
ence, announced that an effort
would he made to obtain the aid
of all executive officials of (he
Slate In a general movement
toward rigid Inw enforcement."
Governor Pinchot'* attack on
Mellon and Butler:
"A resolution by the Rev. Wil
liam W. Moore, of Wisconsin, in
vitlng President Nicholas Murray
Butler, of Columbia University, to
present his views on prwhlbttiaa I*
the conference was decisively re
jected Dr. Butler recently refusal
a like Invitation from Dr. Clarence
T. Wilson of tbe commission on
temperance.
"Assailing President Butler, of
Columbia, as a nulllfler of tbe pro
hibition law, and Secretary of the
Treasury Andrew W. Mellon as an
open defender of its violation. Gov.
Gifford Pinchot, of Pennsylvania,
brought 3,000 Methodists to their
feet in wild applause at the men's
convention here lust night.
"The secretary hat publicly de
fended conditions which our
whole people knew to be stands
lous In the estrems," Governor
Pinchot ssid. "Hu has publicly
denounced th« proposal lo let In
tho light on the federal enforce
ment service"
JEREMIAH SMITH, JR.
T hope
Jeremiah Smith, Jr., a lawyer of
Boston, Mass., has been appointed
high commissioner to Hungary. Mr.
Smith (a a Harvard ’92 man, and law
school '95 man and the eon of a Har
vard law achool professor.
PARENTS BLAMED
FOR WAYWARD BOYS
New York Stock Exchange Man
Addresses New Jersey
Women’s Clubs.
There are subtle influences at work
fn this country robbing the morals of
tbe younger generation,” said Cam
eron Beck, personnel director of tbe
New York Stock Exchange, la an ad
dress to the annual convention of the
New Jersey State Federation of Worn
aa’i Clubs at Atlantic City. May ».
"Vice and crime nan becoming in
creasingly common tnroughout the
land,” he added. "It must be stopped.
We must make this country safe for
future leadership and get back to tbe
sound principles of tbe Ten Com
mandments.”
Mr. Beck placed much of the blame
for tbe waywardness of the present
generation upon the parents, who
were “setting poor examples" for their
children.
Mr. Beck discussed the training
which many of the boys and girls
were receiving in different kinds of
schools in this country. He stated
that there was a great deal of lncom
potency due to the hurried methods
employed in teaching trades.
“Thare are too many half baked
stenographers, too many half-baked
plumbers, too many half-baked car
penters and too many half-baked ev
erything to make for a high grade of
efficiency.
"I cannot impress upon parents too
strongly that if they want their chil
dren to live properly they themselves
must live right. There is entirely too
much talking in America and not
enough thinking."
A resolution asking that an oath
to uphold the Constitution of the State
snd nation be made a prerequisite for
the privilege of voting was Introduced
by the Montclair delegation.
Klansmen Take Charge
VALLEY STREAM, L I. —Klans-
men took full charge of the services
at the Grace M. E. church recently,
when the pastor, Rev. Henry Medd,
was presented a silk American flag
and pole. I. R. Hignett was the
speaker of the evening. The church
choir sang several selections from the
Klan songbook.
Patronise Fiery Cross Advertisers
ST. PAUL, MINNESOTA
AMERICAN COAL COMPANY
Oar Motto: 'Vlean Coal, Cleaa
Business and Clean Weight
Mid. MM
Get our 1924 Wedding Ring Pamphlet before plac
ing order. Better rings—less Money Write today.
NORTHWESTERN JEWELRY COMPANY
27 E. 7th St., St. Paul, Minn
*caaao»frCK«Bx«wx>oPCßy>qcroocßCTCK^
GOOD FOOD AT
E | l | TROCHE’S | E | T
100 EAST FIFTH STREET
Up and Down Stair* St. Paul, Minn.
of Church Service
RETAIL JEWELERS; ATTENTION
DAILY BIBLE
READING TEXTS
Sunday
THESE SIX THINGS doth the Los<
hate; yea seven are an abominatlea
to him: A proud look, a lying tongue,
and hands that shed innocent blood,
A heart that deviseth wicked imagi
nations, feet that be swift in running
to mischief, A false witness that
speaketh lies, and he that soweth dis
cord among brethren. —Proverbs 6:
16-19.
Monday
O COME, let us worship and bow
down: let us kneel before the Lord
our maker. For he is our God; and we
are the people of his pasture.—Psalm
96:6, 7.
Tuesday
THE WOLF ALSO shal dwell with
the lamb, and the leopard shall lie
down with the kid; and the calf and
the young lion and the fatling to
gether; and a little chlid shall lead
them.-Isaiah 11:6.
Wednesday
THY SUN shall no more go down;
neither shall thy noon withdraw it
self, for the Lord shall be thine ev
erlasting light, and the days of thv
mourning shall be ended- Isaiah
60:20.
Thursday
WHEN THE RIGHTEOUS ARE IN
AUTHORITY, THE PEOPLE RE
JOICE; BUT WHEN THE WICKED
BEARETH RULE, THE PEOPLE
MOURN.—Proverbs 29:2.
Friday
FOR THE LORD GOD IS A SUN AND
A SHIELD: THE LORD WILL GIVE
GRACE AND GLORY; NO GOOD
THING WILL HE WITHHOLD FROM
THEM THAT WALK UPRIGHTLY,—
Psalm 84:11.
A KLANSMAN’S CREED
I believe in God and in the ten
cts of the Christian religion and
that a godless nation can not long
prosper.
/ believe that a church that is
not grounded on the principles of
morality and justice is o mockery
to God and man.
1 believe that a church that does
not have the welfare of the com
mon people at heart is unworthy.
1 believe in the eternal separa
tion of Church and State.
' J hold no allegiance to any for
eign government, emperor, king,
pope or any other foreign, politi
cal or religious power.
/ hold my allegiance to the Stars
and Stripes next to my allegiance
to God alone.
I believe in just laws and liberty.
/ believe in the upholding of the
Constitution of these United States.
I believe that our Free Public
School is the corner stone of good
government and that those who are
seeking to destroy it are enemies
of our Republic and are unwosthy
of citizimship.
I believe in freedom of speech.
J believe in a free press uncon
trolled by political parties or by
religious sects.
I believe in law and order.
I believe in the protection of our
pure womanhood.
I do not believe in mob violenee,
but I do believe that laws should
be enacted to prevent the causes
of mob violence.
I believe in a closer relaticmship
of capital and labor.
I believe in the prevention of
unwarranted strikes by foreign la
bor agitators.
/ believe in the limitation of for
eign immigration.
/ am a native-born American cit
izen and / believe my rights in this
country are superior to those of
foreigners.
ST. PAUL, MINNESOTA
FOR SALE
Welding Shop
One a ftbe largest and heat
equipped In the Twin Cities.
lIS.MMO business dene in IMS.
106 per cent far a live wire.
Box 514, St. Paul, Mina.