PAGE FOUR
THE MINNESOTA FIERY CROSS
'Tho i vvKso'l \ KIKHT CROSS Is published every Friday by the Empire
PublTsh.nK sT.'V*aul. Minnesota, and will maintain a policy of ataumh.
Protestant Americanism without tear or tutor.
the earnest' f arg\nnents *in' thi*-' Ai "h hAp* "to clarify opinions on serious
Questions by »erlous ninst w m strive to B ive the American viewpoint
on SS&SKZRi and Separate the dross from the pure gold in the current
news of the day.
' xhr Empire Publishing Co.. Publishers
- Seeond-elass mailing rate* ajiplied for. »
Adterllslng Hates WIH Be Fun.lsh.»d I |.»n Ueui.es>
subscription Rate, by Mall. »2.0» Per Year
Send Sew Hems and ( .nu-.r.es to «tl .Moueer Hu,. ding. M. Caul.
■ sffisr’-U: • ■ ' ■ ■
f —■
KLAN'S PROGRAM FOR
1. Militant, old-fashioned Christianity and operative pat riot Is*.
9. Back to the Constitution.
». Enforcement of the Eighteenth Amendment so long as It Is a part of
the Constitution.
4. Enforcement of present Immigration lans and enactment of more
stringent laws on Immigration.
Forsaken Ideals
In his address in St. Paul. Minnesota, last week. Harry F. Atwood, presi
dent of the Constitution Anniversary association of Chicago, sounded a
warning note it would be well for every American to heed.
Here is the keynote of his address, which sounded very much like a Klan
lecture:
“America today is living in an age of expediency, cowardice and dema
gogy-. The generation now living has been the most faithless to its govern
mental heritage than any in the history of the nation.”
No group realizes this better than the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan.
In fact, the very condition to which Mr. Atwood points, is the reason for
the existence - in the United States today of the Klan.
For too long a time, has the nation been drifting down the wrong chan
nels, instead of following the well marked paths of the forefathers. Expe
diency, he says, stamps the age. The shortest cut to a given goal, even if
the laws, tradition and the constitution are transgressed, seems to be the
rule. Demagogy is rampant demagogy in high places. What did the Tea
pot Dome investigation uncover, but the criminal connivance of faithless
leaders (?) of the people. Indeed, Mr. Atwood spoke the truth.
Speaking of the constitution, Mr. Atwood calls it “the document that
in itself contains a plain answer and solution of virtually all the problems
that are vexing our country so sorely today.”
There could be no better Klan doctrine, although Mr. Atwood is not a
member of the organization.
It is because Klansmen believe that the constitution does contain the so
lution to practically every ill in the United States today, that the motto,
“Back to the constitution,” is carried at the masthead of The Fiery Cross edi
torial page.
False practices in operating governmental machinery; loose decisions
handed down from supreme courts; doubtful stands by federal officials on
public questions-can all be traced to the forsaking of the blue-print plans
for our national life, laid down in the constitution. «
There is a great mission to fulfill, America must not be allowed to
drift further from her historical ideals. Mr. Atwood through his organi
zation is doing a geat work to prevent further drifting. The Knights of
the Ku Klux Klan have an even larger program, which already has accom
plished wonderful results. There can not possibly be any danger in fol
lowing the trail of the forefathers. To follow that trail is the aim of ev
ery Klansman in America. The purpose of the Klan cannot be better put
than it was by Mr. Atwood, when he said:
“We must not fail in this present day, to keep the sacred contract with
the unborn as the great dead have kept it with us.”
Where Are the Churches ?
Have the Protestant churches of Des Moines forgotten that Christianity
was meant by its Founder to be applied to every-day life?
Seldom has there been a more crying need for the practical application
of Christ’s teachings to every-day life, than is offered by the political situ
ation confronting Des Moines today.
Up to the present time, only one minister of the gospel. Dr. W. S. Har
ries, pastor of the Highland Park Presbyterian church, has had the courage
of his convictions, and has expressed himself on the “city’s greatest crisis,”
as he terms it. His convictions, be it understood, are not only personal, but
Christian convictions.
There is no middle ground. The voters of Des Moines are either for law
enforcement or for the vicious rule of the underworld, bringing in its wake
a wide-open town. There can be no neutrality, no compromise, in this
election. Either Des Moines will be made a safe and decent place in which
to rear a family, or it will sink back into criminal and vice conditions, far
more appalling than those which have prevailed for the past two years.
Some of the orthodox cry: “Politics has no place in the church.” True!
But Christianity has a place in politics. That can best be accomplished by
putting in office Christian men. Christianity, and every vestige of ethical
conduct, can best be abolished from the administration of public affairs by
putting in positions of power the representatives of the underworld, who
jn shameless mockery are running on trumped-up, but hollow, hypocritical
“law and order” platforms.
When the issue is so distinctly drawn as it is in the coming election,
there is only one stand for the Protestant churches to take the stand for
clean, American municipal life. «
It is understood that the members of a large downtown church in Des
Moines about two thousand in number have promised their support to a
candidate who, if elected, will bring to pass a state of affairs far from that
desired by the Christian Americans of the city.
Many people have been hoodwinked. They have been misinformed. Ly
ing advertisements and a kept press have done it. In view of these facts, it
is up to the Protestant ministers of the city to inform their congregations—
to apply Christianity, if you please about the true state of affars. Dr.
Harries is the one and only pastor, who has so far carried into execution
what he rightly sees as his duty. He has not minced words; he has clearly
defined the issue.
If the churches are to be more than mere speculative bodies, meeting
once or twice a week for a discussion of ethics and Christian principles, oth
er ministers of Des Moines must follow the trail courageously blazed by Dr.
Harries.
Billy Sunday, the noted evangelist, once uttered a statement which can
aptly be put to the situation in Des Moines: “Praying to God to save the
world, while you loaf, is not religion.”
Naturalization Machinery
Eleven thousand applications for naturalization in New York, caused
the greatest jam in the history of the county court house. It indicates the
great desire of aliens for citizenship in this country.
Just how many of these applications, when granted, will produce citi
zens, and how many will produce mere possessors of naturalization papers
cannot be told. But it is evident that making citizens of foreigners whole
sale cannot be impressive, and that when the legal machinery has to grind
through applications in a hurry, no real care and consideration can be given
to each individual case.
The laws governing naturalization are fair enough; they are calculated
to impress the seeker after citizenship with the importance of the step and
the responsibilities attendant upon it. But it is not the law but the meth
od and manner of its enforcement which makes the appeal; es|>ecially is
this so to the foreigner of not very high mental attainments. To such as
these, the policeman on the coiner is much more awe-inspiring and majes
Sparks from the Fiery Cross
By JOHN EIGHT POINT
“The noblest motive is the public good.” —Virgil
One true Klannish heart sets v
thousand on fire.
« * *
There are many fraternal socie
ties hut there Is only one Klan.
* * *
Another Klansman killed? The
nation will some time honor all of
her dead heroes.
* • *
Now shall our Klansmen follow hard
Where patriots have trod.
Down the long path of noble deeds
To the Father-heart of God.
* * * •
Hard work seems very hard to
the bootlegger who has always
had everything pretty soft.
* • *
Tin* Real Enemy
It can not be made too clear that
the informed Klansman’s adverse at
titude toward Roman Catholicism is
not against that form of religion as
a spiritual office, not against the
type of mind that finds satisfaction
in it. The condemnation is of the
political system fostered by the hier
archy of the church the duplicity of
the hierarchy, the underhanded bat
tle against Protestantism and every
organization growing out of the Prot
estant idea. The assertion by the
Catholics that they are not laboring
against our public school system and
that they do not seek governmental
control for the glory of the papal
throne has been disproven hundreds
of times. Most Masons know of the
action of Tumulty during the war
how the Knights of Columbus were
favored, an dhow the Masons were
covertly robbed of as much organ
ized usefulness as possible. It is not
the Klan papers tnat are violent in
their attack of the Catholic religion
it is not the Klan that is fighting
the Roman church as a church. Our
war. if it be called a w’ar.is against
the Vatican influence in our political
life. The Vatican is a government in
itself. The Klan will never accept
the undermining influence of that pa
pal organization in our common
wealth. Though twenty-seven nations
have diplomats of ambassadorial rank
at the holy see. the United States will
never follow the precedent.
Ou.* Purpose
We seek to bear no haughty sway;
We wish no more than good for all;
Our nation is our crown today
And in its service we may fall.
If fall we must, content our path
To serve the highest in our power.
No craven can hold back our warth
Or change the last triumphant hour.
Our wrath shall rise against our foes
Old as the arm of time and Troy—
Deceit and cunning, graft and woes
Of statecraft’s dupe and Treason’s
toy —
And we’ll strike down as litttle worth
The gold-bought serf e’en though
we risk
The curses of the evil earth
And fall beneath Hate’s obelisk.
Our day is not a single day,
Our deed is not for us alone,
We build our palace walls for aye.
And hold the people on their throne.
Our country and our God we serve.
Push back the proud, build up the
true.
The Klan seeks but the BEST for
you. '
* * *
.Sacrifice (lets Result*
Nor from our purpose ever swerve.
Mussolini, who is a kind of reform
er in his own way and in his own
country, says that “Communism is
smashed in Italy and Russia, but
America still has it to face.” That
is, of course, an “interviewer’s state
ment,” and does not likely represent
Mussolini’s real opinion upon a sub
ject he knows notning about, at least,
as far as it affects America. There
will never be a red communie in
America so long as the American
public school lives. Communism can
only be an accepted reality in the
United States when the foreign-born,
abetted by a strong papal influence,
becomes strong enough to carry the
emotional ignorance of Europe into
the political life of our land. Edu
cation, clear thinking, along the lines
peculiar to our national development,
will save us from communism, an
archy and all the other national fads
of Europe. But Mussolini is right
when he says, “Force has not accom
plished as much in Italy as the spirit
of sacrifice.” That is a principle
which has been taught by the Klan
since its inception. Sacrifice will al
ways do more for a country than any
other one thing. In America it has
conquered forests and vast distances,
united a people into one solid mass
of patriotic content —it has stabil
ized every arm of executive power,
and in the last analysis it may be
counted upon to keep us a clean, God
fearing nation, the most powerful re
public and the most important ex
periment in popular government up
on Time’s record.
• • *
Triumph over parochialism means
modern triumph over medieval schol
arship and the Jesuitical training be
hind It.
tic than the court which hustles him and hundreds of others through what
is a routine performance, ending with the presentation of the coveted
papers.
Were all immigrants made of the stuff of which Thomas Metro, Alba
nian, is carved, the matter would not be so grave. Metro arrived here
three years ago with no knowledge of English, and has just taken a Con
cord, N. H., first prize in elocution. But there are few such; the immi
grant coming to this country to be an American citizen needs to be im
pressed with the value of what he seeks, and we have the responsibility to
see that he is impressed. Having eleven thousand applications in one court
for naturalization sounds impressive, but it means passing on thirty a day,
or one every ten minutes, which is too fast for any court to work with pre
cision, accuracy, judgment and sanity. ~
Of what use is a quota law to keep down immigrants, if our naturaliza
tion procedure is permitted to swamp officials so that it is, humanely speak
ing, impossible for them to be more than administrators of red tape?
THE FIERY CROSS
An Alien' Spasm
The Western Watchman, of St. Lou
is, a Catholic publication, does not
like the “clean-up” system and does
not hesitate to put the Philadelphia
proceedings by the side of Klan ef
fort. This would automatically be
i criticism of Philadelphia’s mayor,
because anything Klan-like is taboo,
poison, damnation, and live rattle
snakes to the “more holy than thou”
Watchman. We quote the short hid
den stab thus: “The Philadelphia
reign of terror is no more American
in spirit than the Klan krusade over
in Illinois. Highhandedness begets
neither respect nor love for the law.”
* * *
The Final Result
W’e believe, as an organization, in
constructive work. We do not like
to fight for the sake of fighting. We
try to keep busy doing good, know
ing that evil will give way before the
sunshine of life and love. We note
evil forces at work in our towns and
cities. We observe these things and
oppose them in legal ways. Some
times the things we do have an ap
pearance of struggle, but the strug
gle is always to oust wrong by bring
ing in right. In every case the fact
is proven by the final result.
• * **
Worth? of the People
Within the Klan it is no more than
fair to suppose that we are trying
sincerely, in spite of many obstacles
placed in our path by otherwise well
meaning people to be good Klansmen.
For the most part we are spending
our energy to give our children good
schools, good laws and sound relig
ious instruction. Our aim is toward
good citizenship- that is a special
ized form that places above selfish
ness the higher truths in organized
government. A common analysis of
our position shows that we have had
things worth contending for, and that
a double effort to be better Klansmen
than we now are will bring forth
soul-fruit worthy of our day and peo
ple.
* * •
That “Nordic Craze
The Catholic, as a rule, favors im
migration; the Catholic Union and
Times, of Buffalo, believes that it
knows why our more patriotic citi
zenry do not. In commenting upon
an article in the Buffalo Express
where Professor Irving Fisher was
condemned “for the efforts made to
increase Nordic immigration and to
decrease the number migrating from
southern Europe,” it propounds the
following: ‘The people of northern
Europe are principally of German ex
traction and are generally Protest
ant. The people of southern Europe
are Italian, French and Spanish, and
their faith is the Catholic religion.
The American Super-race Foundation
(of which Fisher is a member) is anx
ious for Protestant immigration and
is against the invasion (?) of Italian.
French and Spanish Catholics. The
‘Nordic craze' is one of bigotry rath
er than a super-affection for the peo
ple ofnorthern Europe.”
• * *
A Laudable End
The Klan has been accused of nar
rowness. of an impassioned idealism
that considers only the building of
one race and one nation. In the
sublimest sense this criticism is vic
ious and has been actuated by con
scienceless individuals who had axes
to grind. The Klan times its purpos
es to fundamental laws and bases its
policies upon a world outlook, though
its dearest concerns and chiefest busi
ness are domestic. We observe the
world, note the mistakes of men and
of governments who are actuated by
motives we consider wrong. Learn
ing our vital lessons from the fail
ures we build a superstructure that
will be sufficient to a laudable end.
* * *
Mocking Mussolini
Mussolini is reported as saying:
“The Ku Klux Klan is a religious sect,
and I am not interested in religion.”
So far as we know the Klan is cer
tainly not a religious sect, but it
does hope to exert a wholesome mor
al influence upon the community. If
Mussolini were more interested in re
ligion the world would not laugh at
him for saying that “Facismo must
be considered as a movement having
a profound spiritual significance.” In
the Klan a certain amount of rever
ence toward God, as the Father Cre
ator. is expected. The topical rhyme
ster of the Manchester Guardian
catches the point of Mussolini and
mocks him thus happily:
“Ah, woes is me! I am a clod;
I do not understand
The beauty of the Fascist rod
That rules Italia’s hand.
Strange, is it not, that I should doubt
The Prophet and his Light?
O, Mussolini, help me out
And cleanse my darkened sight!!
“Oh, rid me of this foul mirage
And point the higher course,
That I may see in sabotage
A spiritual force*
Teach me, O, Fascist King of Kings,
The beauty of the broil,
The purity of cudgelings,
The truth of castor oil!”
A spiritual force!
FUNDAMENTALIST
ATTACK MODERNS
THROUGH ROOKLET
Dr. W. B. Riley Scores West
High School for Permit
ting Ross Address
TO CIRCULATE 20,000
Charles W. It road man, Principal.
Says Opportunity Given
for Questions
MINNEAPOLIS, MINN., March 17.
Minneapolis fundamentalist preach
ers, led by Dr. W. B. Riley of the
First Baptist church, today began
circulation of a pamphlet attacking
Professor E. A. Ross of the Univer
sity of Wisconsin, as a “rebuke” to
the faculty of the West high school,
which permitted Dr. Ross to talk
there last week in spite of a “warn
ing” by the fundamentalists that the
Wisconsin educator, internationally
known as a sociologist, was a “scof
fer” of Christian doctrine.
The pamphlet, sent, to churches in
the West high district for the pur
pose of arousing criticism of the
high school faculty, brought out a
warm reply today from Principal
Charles W. Boardman of the school,
and further answer to it will be giv
en out by the faculty later. Twenty
thousand copies of the pamphlet will
be circulated.
Riley Attacks Y. >l. A.
The circulation of the pamphlet
follows a sermon by Dr. Riley Sun
day, in which he included the Y. M.
C. A. and its college at Sprinfield,
Mass., in his attack on modernism
and progressivism in the church. His
subject was the “Irreligion of Ross’
Book. Social Psychology.”
Dr. Riley denounced the Y. M. C.
A. when he answered a statement by
Dr. Ross, that he (Ross) was inter
ested in Christian work through the
Y. M. C. A.
“The fact that he is affiliated with
the Y. M. C. A. or welcome there,
does not mean that he is a believer in
the fundamentals of Christianity.”
Dr. Riley said, “The Y. M. C. A. col
lege at Springfield, where most Y. M.
C. A. secretaries are educated, has
gone over to Unitarianism, and an
orthodox preacher has not been heard
there in 15 years to my knowledge.”
Circulates Pamphlet
The pamphlet. “The West High
Offense.” was circulated at the ser
vice, and Dr. Riley said that 20.000
copies of it were being put out. This
was in fulfillment of the threat
which a committee of 23 ministers
made last week when they protested
against the bringing of Dr. Ross to
West high school by the faculty.
The pamphlet brands Dr. Ross’ lec
ture as “uninteresting, almost dull,”
and goes on to quote excerpts from
Professor Ross’ book. “Social Psycho
logy,” “in proof of our convictions
that he is among men who are known
opponents of the fundamentals of
Christianity.”
School Head Replies
Mr. Boardman, principal of West
high school, this morning would make
no statement beyond branding as
“false and untrue” the statement
that no opportunity was given to an
swer the arguments of Professor
Ross.
“That statement is absolutely false
and untrue. We had an open period
for questions at the end of the lec
ture. It is unfair, too, to infer, as
they do in the pamphlet, that we are
teaching the sort of thing they say
to the children. At no place in the
Minneapolis public schools is Profes
sor Ross’ book used as a text. I have
no formal answer to Dr. Riley’s ad
dress or to the pamphlet to make at
this time. An answer will be made
later.”
MAY PASS IMMIGRATION BILL SOON
PresidentaCoolidge Seeks To Push Legislation
(Bureau of I’ubllciition and I.duration)
WASHINGTON, D. C., March 21
According to a promise made to Rep
resentative John L. Cable, of Ohio, by
the Majority Leader Nicholas Long
worth, the Johnson immigration bill
will come before the house for vote
within the next ten days. Opponents
of the bill had been seeking to delay
its consideration, thinking that such
action might lead lo a continuation
of the present three per cent meas
ure.
Congressman Cable, who is one of
the sponsors of the immigration bill,
was determined that a vote be
reached with the least possible de
lay so he secured the following writ
ten promise from Mr. Longworth:
“The house must give immediate
consideration to the appropriation
bills for the support of the regular
functions of government, and in the
next ten days those appropriation
bills now on the calendar the navy,
the army and the independent offices
appropriation bills —will in all pro
bability be disposed of.
“The immigration bilT will be con
sidered immediately following the
passage of these bills, and you may
advise those who have made inquiry
of you that the measure will be
reached for consideration about the
first of the month, and certainly fol
lowing the pussage of the appropria
tion bills refered to."
President Feeds 'Km
President Coolidge has started to
wield the big stick on congress. He
has commenced by giving a White
Houso dinner to the Republican
house leaders in his effort to speed
up the legislative program. Senate
Bryan’s Presidential
Favorite Out of Race
DR. A. A. MURPHEE
No presidential campaign could
run smoothly unless the Great Com
moner, William Jennings Bryan, was
heard from. A short time ago the
former secretary of state proposed
the name of his friend. Dr. Murphee,
as a candidate for the Democratic
nomination as president. He lives in
Gainesville, Florida, and is president
of the University of Florida. How
ever, Dr. Murohee has definitely an
nounced that he will not run, and
William J. will have to cast about for
another favorite.
A KLAXSMAX'S CREED
I believe in God and in the ten
ets of the Christian religion anil
that a godless nation can not long
prosper.
I believe that a church that is
not grounded on the pi l*ci]>les of
morality and justice is a mockery
to God and man.
I believe that a church that does
not have the welfare of the com
mon people at heart is unworthy.
I betiei'e in the eternal separa
tion of Church and State.
*• / hold no allegiance to any for
eign goi'ernment, emjwror, king,
pope or any other foreign, politi
cal or religious power.
I hold my allegiance to the Stars
and Sth/jes next to my allegiance
to God alone.
I believe in just laws and liberty.
I believe in the upholding of the
Constitution of these United States.
I believe that onr Free Public
School is the corner stone of good
government and that those who are
seeking to destroy it arc enemies
of our Republic and are unworthy
of citizenship.
I believe in freedom of speech.
I believe in a free press uncon
trolled by political parties or by
religious sects.
I believe in law and onU’r.
I belici'e in the protection of our
pure womanhood.
I do not believe ta mob violence,
but / do belici'e that lav's should
j be enacted to prevent the causes
j of mob violence.
1 believe in a closer relationship
of capital and labor.
1 believe in the prevention of
unwarranted strikes by foreign la
bor agitators.
/ believe in the limitation of for
eign immigration.
/ am a native-born American cit
izen and I believe my rights in this
country are superior to those of
foreigners.
The Klan is striving with heroic
soul in the worn or reconstruction
and restoration or essential na
tional values. It endeavors to
strengthen in the American heart
all of those virtues of devotion and
discipline from which, as a poten
tial popular movement, it derived its
earliest impetus.
leaders will be summoned to a feast
later on.
Those participating at the first ta
ble are Representative Longworth,
the Republican floor leader; Chair
man Madden, of the appropriations
committee; Chairman Snell, of the
rules committee; and Representatives
Harrow, of Pennsylvania; Sanders, of
Indiana; Anderson, of Minnesota; Ma
gee, of New York; Graham, of Illi
nois; Tincher, of Kansas; and Sinnott,
of Oregon, members of the Republi
can steering committee.
Spurred by the president, adminis
tration leaders have started to drive
to force adjournment before the June
political conventions. Mr Longworth
has announced that if legislation is
delayed enough to prevent adjourn
ment in early June, he will insist
that the house continue in session
during the conventions.
In the house of representatives the
steering committee’s program calls
for taking up first the army and in
dependent offices appropriation bills,
then the immigration bill and follow
ing that a farm relief bill. The Ger
man relief measure for $10,000,000
is scheduled to come up next Monday
under a special rule.
To Probe Brewer Charges
An investigation of the Charles B.
Brewer charges relative to alleged
duplication of bonds by the bureau
of engraving and printing will soon
be made by a special house commit
tee.
Representative Snell, of New York,
chairman of the house rules com
mittee, has introduced a resolution
providing for the appointment of a
special committee or five members
by the speaker to Investigate.
Friday, March 28, 1924 '
INVESTIGATIONS
TAKE TOO MUCH
CONGRESS’ TIME
Disgust of Nation is Reflect
ed More and More in
Columns of Press
WANTS TAX REDUCTION
Xone of the 58 Measures Recom
mended by President Has
Been Passed
(Bureau of Publication and Kducatlon)
WASHINGTON, D. C.. March 22.-
There is rapidly crystallizing a senti
ment all over the country that is be
ing reflected in the daily press from
day to day the feeling of the people
that congress is diMy dallying along,
putting too much time on investiga
tions and not enough on the real leg
islation that is expected. Republicans
in the senate are crying that the
Democrats are playing politics, mak
ing campaign material for the com
ing campaign in these investigations
and the Democrats retaliate by de
claring that the Republicans have no
legislative program before them and
that no legislation is being held up
or back by reason of the investiga
tions that • have been going on in
Washington.
The country, however, is judging
from what it sees and hears and i»
analyzing the situation as it is, not
as it ought to be. For instance the
country can count up the time and
it knows that congress has been in
session about three and a half
months. Then the country is watch
ing for results and when the coun
try reads as it does in this newspaper
that only the third supply bill has
passed the senate, the country read
ily makes up its mind as to what has
been going on in Washington.
The country knows that it wants
tax reduction of some kind. Such a
measure is still in committee on the
senate side of the capitol where it is
likely to remain some time yet be
fore it gets on the floor for debate
and final passage.
The country knows that the farm
ers need some kind of relief meas
ures passed for their benefit if the
people are to remain in a prosperous
condition and nothing of that kind
has been done.
There is the immigration question,
not yet up for passage. It is out of
committee in the house and waiting
its turn for action.
The bonus bill has had some talk
out nothing definite yet done.
President Coolidge recommended
something like 58 measures in his
first message to congresss early last
December. Not one of the 58 has
been passed up to date.
Senator Borah, of Idaho, hit the
nail on the head in a speech in the
senate when he declared that con
gress was fooling no one but itself.
He said the country was not being
fooled in the least and the sonner
members of congress got that into
their head the better. The Idaho
senator also asserted that if this con
gress did not soon begin to function
and enact needed legislation there
might be a number of members of
this congress who would enjoy a long
recess and never come back to Wash
ington unless the country is shown
results pretty soon. The more such
sentiment is expressed the better it
is going to.be for all concerned. Con
gress needs a big stick used, and the
president is attempting to use it in
prodding the members of congress up
on capitol hill.
Early Klonklave Is
Planned in Kansas
OTTAWA. KAN., March 24.—Klans
men of northeastern Kansas are pre
paring to gather here about the first
of May for a gigantic klonklave at
which the attendance is expected to
total 5,000. Two units have already
promised delegations totalling 400
Knights. Other Klans in a radius of
100 miles are working to make the
Klonklave a success.
One of the features of the big meet
will be a large parade. A G Matter
son, local organizer, held a confer
ence with Attorney General Griffith
recently in regard to the demonstra
tion. The local unit is growing rap
idly and will make application for a
charter soon.
Creager Asks Jews to Aid
Him in Fighting Ku
Klux Klan
(Burrnu Publication nnd (education)
WASHINGTON, D. C., March
24 R. B. Creager, Republican na
tional committeeman from Texas,
has a three-column article on the
front page of The Jewish Spec
tator, the oldest Jewish journal
published in the south, at Mem
phis, appealing to the Jews of the
country to support him in his
fight against the Ku Klux Klan.
He declares the Klan a menace to
American institutions and of his
fight to have both political par
ties adopt a plank in their re
spective platforms condemning»the
Klan.
Mr. Creager appeals to racial
prejudice in his article, and winds
up by declaring that he is work
ing with all his power to have the
Klan condemned and put out of
business.
This is the same Creager who ia
about to be investigated for land
frauds in the Rio Grande valley in
Texas und whom Senator Heflin de
dares he will help put behind the
bars before he gets through with
him.
*