PAGE FOUR
THE MINNESOTA FIERY CROSS
I
I
The MINNESOTA FIERY CROSS in published ev«>ry Friday by tho Kinplri
Publishing Company. St. Paul. Minnesota, and will ma'iitam a policy of ataun< b
Protestant Americanism without fear or favor.
Edited, not to make up people's minds, but t<> shake up i>«*oi>le'a minds; to
help mold active public opinion whl< li will make America a nmper place to live in
News of truth kills more fals«> news and shrivel* up more "bunk” than all
th« earnest arguments in the world. Truth helps to clarify opinions on serious
equations by serious people.
The MINNESOTA FIERY CROSS will strive to give the American viewpoint
Ml published articles and separate the dross from the pure gold In the current
aewn of the day.
The Empire I’ublUhln* Cs.. Inr.. Puhllwliera
Second-class mailing rates applies! for.
Advertlsina Kate* Will Re Furnished l ism Request
Subscription Rate, by Mall. II.WI Per Year
All News Items and Address all Inquiries to 611 Pioneer Hulldina, SI. Paul.
Minnesota
—— ..■
KLAN’S PROGRAM FOR 1924
1. Militant, old-fashioned Christianity and operative patriotism.
8. Bark to the Constitution.
S. Enforcement of the Eighteenth Amendment so long as It Is a part of
the Constitution.
4. Enforcement of present immigration laws and euaetment of more
stringent laws on Immigration.
The American Renaissance
The United States, as well as other countries of the western hemisphere,
are counted entirely out in Henri Barbusse’s reasoning of the future. Bar
busse is a French radical, whose books against the war caused such a fu
rore in France at the time of the conflict.
Writing in the current issue of The New ■Republic, a so-called liberal
journal of opinion, on “Is Europe Dead?” Barbusse gives it as his opinion
that the Old World is still very much alive. He goes farther and states:
• • it is safe to say that at least during the next few centuries
the forms of human existence on our terrestrial sphere will be shaped under
the strongest influence on European patterns.”
That has been true in the nations of the New World for many years. It
has been necessary to follow European patterns, because the settlers of the
New World brought with them their natural heritage and ideas from the
continent.
But a new school of thought in many things has been developed in
America especially in the United States. It will work out its own destiny
mad follow its own course, irrespective of European patterns.
Then too, the founders of the United States and Canada were less Euro
eoa than those of the South American nations, who came directly from the
continent. The forefathers of North Americans came from the British
isles, principally, which cannot truly be called a part of Europe.
Of late years there has been an awakening-one might almost say a
renaissance—in the United States. This has been evident in literature,
«rt, and even science. There has been a new birth of nationalism. This
is especially true in political and national affairs. The growth of the
Knights of the Ku Klux Klan and their strictly American program is suf
ficient evidence of this. And the Klan is not copied after any European
pattern.
Barbusse continues by saying: “The life of Europe is to be gained only by
•'the birth of new forms of social existence.”
Not so in the United States. There undoubtedly are “forms of social ex
istence” in Europe which are outworn. But in the United States we have
a pattern of our own—the constitution —the whole machinery of which has
never yet been placed into operation. As this newspaper has pointed out
before, the nation has gradually drifted away from the basic principles
'of the constitution. The United States does not need “new forms of social
vaxjstence,” it needs to get “back to the constitution.”
It must not be assumed that the Klan seeks to make of the United States
a selfish and isolated nation. It seeks only to preserve those forms of so
cial existence and national thought which will perpetuate this great na
tion. ’All Americans are willing to aid other nations in distress, but not
to the extent that the United States will itself be drawn into the distress.
Barbusse may not be entirely correct in his assumption that other nations
of the world outside of Europe will follow European patterns in their
“forms of human existence” in the future. Some of them may follow
American patterns, which are newer and loftier.
Clean Daily Newspapers
There is not a Protestant American in the nation but who wishes success
te the proposal put before the laity conference of the Methodist Episcopal
church in New York, to establish three daily papers in the United States.
These publications would not be in the strictest sense of the word either
church or denominational papers. They would be general newspapers, treat
ing the news and conducting their editorial policies from the standard
-of Protestant Christian principles.
In fact, it was suggested that the Methodist church invite other denom
inations to join with them in establishing dailies in three cities, thus re
futing from the outset any charge of narrow denominationalism which
might be placed against them.
At least one publication of this type has met with wonderful success,
The Christian Science Monitor of Boston. While the name would lead one
to believe it to he a strictly denominational paper, it is not. There is a
daily editorial on the magazine page apropos of the Christian Science be
lief, but further than that the creed of Mary Baker Eddy is not injected
into its pages. While some sections of the public may object to its iron
clad rule of refusing to print any crime news, it is indeed one of the few
papers of the country that is fit for every member of the family to read.
The Christian Science Monitor and La Prensa of Buenos Aires,
are the only newspapers in the western hemisphere that do not print crime
If the dailies proposed by the Methodists could follow this type, there is
ideed a field for them in the United States. The Chicago Journal of Com
merce, commenting editorially on the plan says in part: “Perhaps the Meth
odist proposal is more a protest against sensation, crime and scandal in the
existing newspapers of the country than an appeal for denominational pub
licity.”
Such a paper would be fair in all things--including politics . It would
print the Christian viewpoint. And that is needed today in relation to
general events more than any one factor. The people of lowa in general
and of Des Moines in particular, are hungry for a clean newspaper, one that
will not only turn a deaf ear to the scandal of trivial nature that floats
about, but will also play fair in politics as well as other things.
Educational Methods
The difference between the old and the new idea of educational discipline
is large and marked, but many, not as familiar with the modern public
school system as they should be, still visualize a school as a place where
silence and timidity, iron discipline and punishment, are paramount.
The old idea of school was a place of confinement for youth where study
was compelled by the threat of a switch. It has long since given way to
the idea of a place where the young are taught because what they are taught
is more interesting than idle play. There are always the wayward and the
undisciplined, but the modern idea is to let the school take care of such by
public opinion, rather than by making of the teacher a martinet.
As an instance of how the modern system works, consider the code adopt
ed by the pupils of Washington Irving high school in New York, as their
"Standards of Right.” This code was written, and is lived up to, by the pu
pils of their own motion, not coerced by teachers. They consider that their
best interests are served when all obey this code:
To serve faithfully our God, our country and our school;
To obey the law;
To do our work earnestly as a part of our loyalty to parents, to teach
art, and to student officers;
To practice thrift by caring for the property of others and by making
beat use of our own time and possessions;
To be courteous by doing unto others as we would have others do unto us;
To live up to our school motto: intelligence, industry, integrity.
Summary of lowa
i State Legislature
:: Proceedings ::
W. R. C. Kendrick. lowa insurance
commissioner, is completely exoner
ated of all charges made against him
in the report of the special lowa in
surance investigating committee. The
committee report states that after ex
amining all evidence and witnesses
presented by both Senator Charles S.
Browne of Jackson county and the de
partment, the committee finds that
Commissioner Kendrick instea dof be
ing criticised is to be commended for
his enforcement of all Insurance laws.
The committtee also finds that the
commissioner is acting In the best
interest of policyholders. The com
mittee recommends thirteen changes
in the Insurance laws which, it de
veloped during the inquiry, appear ne
cessary. However, the committee
recommended that a committee from
the senate be appointed to investigate
insurance laws of both lowa and other
states and to make a report to the
forty-first general assembly on new
inseurance legislation. This means
that the special session will not take
up any additional insurance legisla
tion.
Agitation for a gasoline tax law at
this special session of the legislature
is growing and a bill seems certain
to get before one house or the other
before the session adjourns. A bill,
providing for a tax of 2 cents per gal
lon, to be levied on gasoline at the
point of removal from tank cars in
the state, has been drawn by the code
commissioners at the request of num
erous senators and representatives.
The bill provides for distribution of
the receipts of the tax as follows: One
third to the primary system in each
county in the proportion its primary
road mileage bears to the total pri
mary road mileage and two-thirds to
the county roads on the same distri
butive ratio of secondary county road
mileage to total secondary mileage in
the state. The money would be ex
pended on secondary roads equally be
tween county and township systems.
Miss May E. Francis, state super
intendent of public instruction flung
the doors of her office open wide to
members of the legislature who caus
ed the introduction of a resolution in
the House for an investigation of her
department. In a letter addressed to
the speaker of the House. Joe Ander
son, she urged upon him to foster the
probe of allege dmalfeasance, bribery,
and other offenses which formed the
basis of the request for an investiga
tion. Miss Francis told the United
Press that she had turned the matter
over to her attorney, A. W. Byers. Des
Moines. "I want the House to go
through with the investigation,” she
said.
Motor vehicles would not be requir
ed to leave tail and head lights burn
ing while cars are parked on the pub
lic highways if the senate recedes
from its amendment to that effect,
refused by the house. The measure
brought out a reoccurrence of a fight
in the house as that body did not want
the compulsory light measure. The
senate, however, adopted it and the
issue must now be worked out in a
conference committee together with
other objections to the motor vehicle
bill which the house has. Represen
tative McClune, Mthaska county, led
the fight against the compulsory light
measure.
As a result of the failure of the
house drainage committee to concur
in all amendments to the drainage
bill as passed by the senate, the bill
will doubtlessly go to conference as
it was believed that the lower body
would uphold the opinions of its com
mittee. The committee completed its
work and ail of the amendments af
fected are, however, of no great im
portance and it was thought there
fore that there will be little difficul
ty in the house and the senate coming
to an agreement.
A commission of two members from
the house and two from the senate
have reported to their respective bo
dies following the return from Mount
Pleasant where an investigation was
made into the advisability of purchas
ing the Willits farm for the use of the
state hospital at Mount Pleasant. Two
members of the commission believe
the land is worth $225 per acre, one
member considered it worth S2OO and
one $175.
Some of the bills passed by the sen
ate recently were: To authorize pur
chase of the Willits farm at Mount
Pleasant by the state for the board of
control. Appropriations committee at
request of Brookhart. Animal indus
try. Animal industry committee. To
legalise establishment of county area
tuberculosis eradication plan. Agri
culture committee.
After arguing for two days on the
highway bill, members of the lowa
house of representative again -defer
••d action to give opportunity for re
nting several sections into a com
promise measure.
Compulsory physical connection by
every telephone company with other
companies is proposed in an amend
ment to the transmission lines fran
chises bill in the senate.
The proposal to permit counties to
submit to the voters the question of
Issuing bonds for gravelling their pri
mary and secondary roads, which was
approved by the senate, is having hard
going in the house. After debating
several modifications of the senate
plan for half a day the house adjourn
ed without final action on the main is
sue In order to permit committees to
report more bills.
THE FIERY CROSS
A marriage law containing an eu
genics clause which is believed to
meet with approval on both sides of
the general assembly was laid before
the law makers in the form of n con
.e:ence report on the bill previously
passed by both the senate and house,
but which contained numerous fea
tures over which the senators and
representatives differed. The confer
nce report eliminates entirely the
irovision that both parties to a mar
riage must submit to physical el
imination and proposes instead, that
both parties be required to die, with
the marriage license clerk, an affida
vit declaring themselves free, to the
>est of their knowledge, from ven
treat diseases. The affidavits must
be filed five days before the Issuance
of the license, but where it is desired
:o shorten that time, resort may be
had to the courts and the court are
empowered to waive the five day re
quirement where It is shown no doubt
surrounds the statements of the affi
davit. The bill also forbids the mar
riage of idiots or Imbeciles. All six
members of the conference committee,
signed the conference report.
The budget bill now being consid
ered by s conference committee in
the lowa legislature has reached an
impasse, according to members of the
committee who expressed a fear that
the measure reported out might not
pass In either house. The csmmlttee
itself cannot agree on many of the
compromises yet necessary before the
bill can be reported out. The enforce
ment machinery set up by the house
bill and that proposed by the Smith
amendment have been set aside in
favor of one man acting under the
governor as director of the budget.
The appeal from tax levies Is also
stricken and the committee, it is re
ported, cannot agree on the appeal
from contracts. Senate members of
the committee are said to be sticking
for the appeal feature applying to
contracts and the house members
will not give in. These changes
would leave the bill with hardly a
vestige of its semblance as passed by
either house.
Sensor Holdoegel requested the
code commissioners to draft a gasoline
tax bill and wrote Governor Kendall
to learn whether he would veto it or
what kind of a bill, if passed, he would
sign. “Reduced to its last analysis,”
the governor replied, “the measure
simply advances the cost of gasoline
to every motor user 2 cents per gal
lon. The process by which this is ac
complished may be denominated a ‘li
cense’, a ‘levy’ or a ‘privilege ’or
whatever substitute may be prefer
red to escape the disagreeable fact
that it is a sales tax upon oil employ
ed for the propulsion of automobiles.
Such a tax is offensive to me in any
event, but especially so at the pres
ent juncture, when the people of the
state and country are overwhelmed
with the common burdens of govern
ment.”
An investigation of serious com
plaints from many sources in the
state that Miss May E. Francis, state
superintendent of public instruction,
has made rulings on the qualifications
of teachers and accerditing of schools
not in accordance with law or pre
cedent was proposed in a resolution
introduced in the house of the lowa
legislature. The resolution proposes
that the investigation be conducted
by the house judiciary committee.
The committee, if the resolution were
adopted, would be authorized to sub
poena witnesses and compel the pro
duction of any documentary evidence
it might deem necessary. The resolu
tion was signed by Representatives
Yenter of Johnson, Held of Plymouth,
Gallagher of lowa, Bradley of Powe
shiek, and Healy of Hancock.
Action by the senate wiped out the
differences between the two houses
on another measure—that relating to
the powers of county attorneys. The
senate had adopted an amendment In
terpreted by some members as giving
county attorneys powers of a grand
jury in the matter of issuing sub
poenaes and collecting evidence dur
ing the adjournment period of the
grand jury. The conference commit
tee added the stipulation that such
subpoenaes might be issued only up
on authorization of a court, and the
senate accepted the report, 28 to 14.
Establishment of a rural credits
system by the state, was postponed
for at least four year when the lowa
Senate voted to table the motion to
amend the constitution so that the
state might lend money on lowa
farms. The amendment, before it can
take effect, must pass two sessions
of the legislature and then receive a
majority vote of the people. It was
introduced on April 18, 1928, the first
day of the special session. While
technically the proposal is still alive,
it appears from the 33 to 16 votes,
that it will be practically impossible
to get it off the table for farther con
sideration this year.
The senate refused to concur with
the house in several amendments to
the taxation hill, the principal one of
which was the amendment requiring
assessors to take into account the pro
ductive capacity of property In fixing
its actual value. A similar amend
ment was defeated in the senate when
the bill was on its passage there.
Among the bills passed by the house
recently were: Municipal corpora
tions. To appropriate SIO,OOO to ex
tend heating plant at Ames. To
amend constitution on redlstrlcting
of state.
Gasoline tax agitation received
somewhat of a setback In a letter re
ceived by Senator Holdoegel of Cal
houn county from Governor Kendall,
in which the governor stated his “con
elusion that the entire matter would
better be deferred until the general
issembly convenes next January, at
which time conditions may have some
what Improved.”
The Value of Your Boy
A Michigan Field Director of the Junior Ku Klux Klan Sets
Forth the Aims of His Organization and Its Need in Amer
ica Today to Save the Rising Generation—His Words Are
Worthy of Serious Consideration by Every Mother and
Father.
THE great need of the age is for
an ideal American boyhood and
young manhood, which shall em
brace in its character all the ideals
and principles found in the great
American heroes of Revolutionary
times. Boys who will, at all times
and in all places, stand firmly for the
right, and who will have been so
trained and taught that they will
recognize the right wherever they
may see it.
Recognizing that boys are inherent
ly clean, decent and honest, and that
they become otherwise, if at all, only
through the force of circumstances
and environment, the Junior Ku Klux
Klan has sprung spontaneously into
being to fulfill this need—to give the
boy those teachings that he should,
but does not, receive in other places.
It takes all the best teachings of the
home, the Protestant Sunday schools,
the public schools, the DeMolays, the
Boy Scouts, and many other such
great teachers, and correlates them,
adds to them such features as are
necessary, but not found in the above
mentioned institutions., and teaches
the American youth the great funda
mental principles and ideals of true
Americanism, i. e.. Protestantism;
loyalty to our country and our coun
try’s laws; love and respect for the
home; decent respect for all woman
kind; the single standard of morals
(explained to older boys only); the
operation of different governmental
departments; the privilege, as well as
duty, of American citizenship and
franchise, and a completer knowledge
of our constitutional rights and priv
ileges than is ordinarily taught.
There is also a complete program of
clean, manly sports and recreation to
keep the young body in good physical
condition, and the mind so occupied
that it will not have room, nor time,
to learn indecencies.
Therefore we hold it self-evident,
that .in accordance with these ideals
and principles upon which our great
democracy is founded, these boys of
ours must be so trained and taught
that they will naturally become the
best type of citizen, else our land
cannot continue and endure as the
great nation that it is.
Community efforts should be di
rected towards co-ordinating neces
sity and opportunity in the lives of
the boys and young men, by rational
direction, intelligent supervision and
sympathetic control of their ener
gies. It is easier to direct than to
restrain activity or desire. It is
easier to control by anticipation and
suggestion than by opposition and
command. It is easier to lead than
to drive. As soon as the youth mani
fests a disposition to choose the
means of satisfying his wants, and his
amusements and instruction, the pe
riod of useful, helpful, activities has
arrived, and the time that they pass
from the condition of irresponsible
dependence to responsible indepen
dence. The transition is gradual, but
the change is extreme. Our order has
a plan of activities that will form a
safe and constructive bridge that will
carry the youth of America safely
across this chasm into the realm of
clean, decent manhood and citizen
ship.
Is it asking too much that our boys
be given every chance to learn the
value of their vote -how necessary
it is that it be cast, that only men
who will serve the people, whose ser
vants they are, may be elected, so
that political power may be forever
wrested from the hands of those who
would prostitute it to their own self
ish enas, or the ends of the great
financial interests of the country?
In the last presidential election, with
54 H million eligible voters in the
United States, less than one-half vot
ed. The figures are approximately
million. Do you think that
condition would have obtained had
the men who were then voters been
properly educated in their duties as
citisens when they were still youths?
Is it asking too much that our boys
be taught the full meaning of such
Scandals of 1924
phrases as “sanctity of the home;"
of, and respect for, the
chastity of our pure womanhood;"
“single standard of morals;” “white
supremacy;" and “protection and con
tinuation of our early American
ideals?" Do you think boys so taught
would spend their evenings on the
street corners making smutty re
marks about everj girl who might
chance to pass, or loafing in some
poolroom or dive?
Is it asking too much that our boys
be given a place to gather where
there will be 'clean, decent, super
vised amusements, free from the con
tamination of vice of all kinds? Very
few cities have such places any more,
and the boys’ only recreative center
is the pool room, which is usually
run by foreigners who are without
principle, and who care nothing what
ever for the boy’s morals, but only
for the money he may have to spend
—places where the boy learns to
swear, smoke, gamble, lie, cheat, and
even, in many cases, the use of nar
cotics, liquor, and the “pleasure” of
companionship with lewd women.
Fathers and Mothers of Ainerira!
These are real problems that we are
facing and are not vain, abstract
questions that do not concern your
boy or mine. And for their solution,
too much thought, study, time and
prayerful consideration cannot be
given. Are you properly studying
this condition and working for the
solution thereof?
The Junior Ku Klux Klan, which
is being backed and organized by
educated, deep-thinking, Christian
American gentlemen, has an aim and
a program to offer that is certain to
meet your approval. Let your boy
(if he is between the ages of 12 and
18 years) attend one of our meetings,
and then report to you his ideas of
our organization. Or come with him,
and hear for yourself what we have
to offer.
A KLANSMAN’S CREED
I believe in God and in the ten-
ets of the Christian religion and
that a g<xUcss nation can not long
prosper.
I believe that a church that is
not grounded on the principles of
morality and justice is a mockery
to God and man.
/ bclu've that a church that does
not have the welfare of the com
mon people at heart is unworthy.
I believe in the eternal separa
tion of Church and State.
* I hold no allegiance to any for
eign government, emperor, king,
pope or any other foreign, politi
cal or religious power.
I hold my allegiance to the Stars
and Stripes next to my allegiance
to God alone.
/ believe in just laws and liberty.
/ believe in the upholding of the
Constitution of these United States.
/ believe that our Free Public
School is the comer stone of good
government and that those who are
seeking to destroy it are enemies
of our Rcjrublic and are unworthy
of citizenship.
I believe in freedom of speech.
I believe in a free press uncon
trolled by political parties or by
religious sects.
/ believe in law and order.
/ believe in the protection of our
pure womanhood.
/ do not believe in mob violence,
but I do believe that laws should
be enacted to prevent the causes
of mob violence.
I believe in a closer relationship
of capital ami labor.
I beliefv in the prevention of
unwarranted strikes by foreign la
bor agitators.
J believe in the limitation of for
eign immigration.
I am a native-born American cit
izen and 1 bclici'e my rights in this
country are superior to those of
foreigners.
Friday, April 25,1924
Our motto is “Honor Is the crown'
Ing virtue of American manhood."
Will you, fathers and mothers of
America, help your boy learn these
great truths and principles, by aid
ing him to join this great order? By
such an affiliation he will come un
der the inspiration and fellowship of
manly boys who have banded together
in a united effort to realize these
ideals. The “gang spirit” being very
prominent in the youth of this age,
they catch the spirit and inspiration
that is the paramaunt ideal among
the boys who are members. Thus you
will have realized your fondest hopes
in your boy, which could never be ac
complished outside such an organiza
tion.
* * *
Requirements for Membership
To be eligible for membership, a
boy must be between the ages of 12
and 18 years; shall have been born
within the continental confines of the
United States, or of parents who were
American citizens at the time of his
birth if born elsewhere; of Protest
ant faith and of Protestant parent
age; of pure white blood; of good
character and reputation, and a stu
dent of the public schools or engaged
in a legitimate occupation.
The fee to accompany the petition
for membership is $3.00, which goes
for the work of organization, and the
maintenance of state and national
headquarters, printing, and such
items. Later there are such dues as
the members may assess themselves,
for the purpose of taking care of
their local organization. These dues
are handled by local officers elected
by the members, in their own terri
tory, and are for hall rent, printing,
expense of the speakers, etc.
It is to be kept clearly in mind that
this organist ion belongs to the boys
themselves —that the field director
is here for organization purposes on
ly, and that after the state and coun
ties are chartered he leaves, and his
place as leader is taken by one of
the members, duly elected by the
other members at a regular business
meeting.
* * *
Folks, is your boy’s future worth
this $3.00 to you, and to your coun
try? Or does the money loom up
bigger than the need of a citizenry
properly trained for the great task
ahead of them?
Think! Then act!
FRAME-UP OF SHERIFF
BY NEWSPAPER FAILS
Many School Elections in Kansas
Won by Americans—Leav
enworth Klan Grows
(Kansas News Letter)
WICHITA, KAN., April 21. —Inves-
tigating the charges of The Wichita
Beacon. anti-Klan evening newspaper,
that Sedtrwick county did not have a
night matron at the county jail, The
Kansas Fiery Cross discovered a
frame-up to “get” Sheriff Chester A
Conner because he conducted a liq
uor raid at the residence of E. V.
Schnoor, a prominent citizen, re
cently.
The Beacon charged that there was
no night matron because the only
available quarters for such a matron
were filled with the sheriff’s records.
In an attempt to put over the false
hood, the paper published a picture
of the prison receiving cell, but called
it a view of the matrons quarters.
Investigation revealed that the ma
tron was employed for full time work,
but did not stay at the jail at night
because county commissioners failed
to provide suitable accommodations.
It is understood that the citizen
whose home was raided had not signed
an advertising contract for 1924 ad
vertising with The Beacon and that
the paper resorted to the frame-up in
order to gain favor with the
tiser.
LEAVENWORTH, KAN., April 19.
Aroused by the attempts of enemies
to hinder them in their work, local
Klansman are displaying unusual en
thusiasm. Electric wires leading to
the new Ktavern were cut during two
recent meetings. Several hundred
candidates have been initiated into
the local unit in the past two months.