PAGE FOUR
THE MINNESOTA FIERY CROSS
The MIVKKSOT.I FIERY CROSS is published every Friday by the Empire
Publishing Company. St. Paul, Minnesota, and will maintain a policy of staunch,
Protestant Americanism without iear or favor.
Edited, not to make up people's minds, hut to shake up people’s minds; to
help mold active public opinion which will make America a proper place to live in.
News of truth kills more false news and shrivels up more "bunk” than all
the earnest arguments in the world. Truth helps to clarify opinions on serious
Questions by serious people.
The MINNESOTA FIERY CROSS will strive to give the American viewpoint
on published articles and separate the dross from the pure gold in the current
news of the day.
The Ehaplre Fiibllnhing Co.. Inr.. Publishers
Second-class mailing rates app’led for.
Advertising Rales Will Re Furnished t>on Request
Subscript lon Rale, by Mail. 93.0 U Per Year
Send All News Items and Address all Inquiries to Hit Pioneer KulUilus, St. Paul.
Minnesota
crr "~""" •
KLAN'S PROGRAM FOR I*»4
1. Militant. «l»l-f*slil<yied Christ fault j anil operative patriotism.
2. Back to the Constitution.
S. Enforcement of the Eighteenth Amendment so long as It Is a part o.f
the Constitution.
4. Enforcement of present Immigration laws and enactment of more
stringent laws on Immigration.
» - -■ - 1 - ■ ■ ■■ - ■ w
White Supremacy
In his lecture in Des Moines Sunday, Dr. G. C. Minor, of the national
lecture bureau of the Ku Klux Klan did much to explode the existing false
idea on the Klan’s stand for white supremacy.
In the minds of most people, the Klan is interested only in the rela
tion of the white race to the colored race in the United States. Dr. Minor
showed conclusively that a far greater problem exists; namely, the relation
ship of the multitudinous colored races of the world to the white races of
the world. It is this larger problem with which the Kian in the end is
most concerned.
Referring to history, the speaker showed that at periods approximately
four hundred years apart, since the establishment of Caucasian civilization
in Europe, there have been assaults upon the white race by marauding ar
mies of yellow, brown and black peoples. In every instance the Anglo-
Saxon, Nordic and Teutonic defenders of white civilization were able to
turn back the tide of invaders and preserve civilization. Had they not done
so, the history of the world would have been far different. Christianity
would have disappeared and today Europe, despite the stress in which she
finds herself, would be in an even more pitiable plight.
That God has given to the white race the charge of Christianizing the
world and maintaining moral, mental and physical standards which are in
accord with the Mosaic law, was made quite clear by Dr. Minor.
The time has come, the speaker pointed out, when the white races of
the world must frankly face the problem of preventing the colored races
from becoming world powerful. Despite statements to the contrary there
is danger today of a “yellow peril.” Japan holds in the palm of her hand
the destinies of the Far East. India, joining with the yellow races under
the religious banner of Mohammed, has for centuries been a thorn in the
flesh of the white races, in this case represented by Great Britain. From
the countries of Northern Africa comes the news of wide-spread activity
which is solidifying the semi-civilized black races under French protection.
While Christian activity has been carried on for centuries among these
races, the number of converts gained is very limited when compared with
the number of converts gained for Mohammedanism during and since the
World war.
In his scholarly book on the “Rising Tide of Color,” Lathrop Stoddard
points out the real danger of a world ruled by the colored races within a
comparatively short time if drastic steps to prevent the occurrence of such
a havoc working catastrophe are not taken.
Were it not God’s plan that the white race, despite its smaller numerical
strength were to rule the world, the overwhelming hordes of Mongolians.
Huns and Tartars would not have been checked by small armies of white
men on four different occasions during the past two thousand years.
Rather than being the “white man’s burden,” the colored races of'the
world are the white man’s problem. Dr. Minor made it clear that only by
carrying forward the word of Christ to these people can they be raised to
the proper living standard of their own sphere, and kept there.
According to Dr. Minor, the time is about at hand when history will
again repeat itself, bringing about a fifth assault upon civilization by the
colored races. Already indications of the gathering storm have manifested
themselves. The Lausanne conference at which Turkey was given back her
European possessions after having been defeated and driven out by the Al
lies, is seen as the opening wedge for further inroads of the colored peoples.
There must be co-operation between all white nations from now on to
prevent any further unjustifiable successes by Mohammedans.
In this world-wide problem the Klan is vitally interested as a Christian
and a white man's organization. Despite the charges of “narrow-minded
nationalism” leveled at the order, its leaders and members have the vision
to see this all-important problem in the true light. There is nothing to be
gained by glossing over the facts as they are known to exist. The Klan
means to confront the problem four-square and deal with it according to
the law of God. ,
OES MOINES HAS NEW
DRY CLEANING PLANT
Freneh Way Cleaners Now in
Elegant Thirty Thousand
Dollar Structure
One of the most modern cleaning
eatablishments in the middle west
has iust been completed by the
French Way Cleaners at Fourth and
Euclid avenues, Highland Park, Des
Moines. The new structure and
equipment involve, a financial con
sideration of $30,000, it is under
stood.
C. E. Roush, owner of the company,
declares that his plant is ready to
handle any class of dyeing, dry clean
ing and cleaning. Only experienced
men and women are employed by the
French Way Cleaners, so that cus
tomers are assured of the finest work
obtainable.
Four new trucks have been added
to the delivery service of the com
pany, and four courteous drivers are
in charge of them. Goods are called
for and delivered.
By installing the newest methods
of handling orders, bundling and
keeping books, customers are assured
they will not be disappointed in their
orders. Service on time is the key
note of the organization which Mr.
Roush has built up around him.
ROWLESBURG, W. VA. March 10-
Hundreds of persons flocked to the
local Methodist Episcopal church a
recent evening when a national lec
turer of the Ku Klux Klan delivered
an address on the great American or
ganisation. The talk was heartily
endorsed b/ the majority of the per
sons who heard the lecturer, and
many people expressed a desire to
become affiliated with the organisa
tion. A large and growing Klan is
now functioning here.
CONGRESS TO KEEP
HANDS OFF “DRIBES"
Names of Two Accused Members
of House Are Anxiously
Awaited
( a«r*« r? f and K4uca(ton)
WASHINGTON, D. C., March 5.
Congress will keep “hands off” the
investigation of charges that two
members of the house of representa
tives accepted bribes to secure exe
cutive clemency for prisoners, and
leave their prosecution entirely in
the hands of the department of jus
tice. This decision was reached to
day by the house rules committee,
which had an investigation under
consideration.
Everyone is now anxiously await
ing to find out who the two members
are. One congressman says it isn’t
fair for the entire house membership
to rest under a cloud or a suspicion
when only two men are charged as
being guilty. So every fellow is try
ing his best to find out who the two
men are and it is bound to come out
in a short time.
A grand jury probe will start at
once, under President Coolidge’s or
ders. It was announced at the White
House today that in addition to the
charges that two congressmen ac
cepted money improperly, the grand
jury would be asked to investi
gate charges that certain govern
ment officials used official informa
tion for stock market speculations,
that money was collected for obtain
ing liquor permits and that persons
not connected with the government
had possession of confidential de
partmental files.
President Coolidge is determined
that the housecleaning going on in
Washington shall, not be half done.
Hence he is asking for investigation
and punishment all along the lines if
guilty parties be convicted.
Sparks from the Fiery Cross
By JOHN EIGHT POINT
“The noblest motive is the public good.” — Virgil
Klansmen do not believe in pour
ing oil on the troubled consciences
of our senators just to relieve them.
• • *
In pwislng we might say that If
Mr. FaU’s middle name Is Bacon, no
wonder he brought it home.
« • «
Klansmen. you know, never care
to qualify for those Olympic games.
* • ••
Keep ever In mind that the world
has found out and acknowledges
that which we Insisted upon all
along the Klan was not at fault In
Herrin.
• • *
Inaction is a robber;
Live with him at your cost,
The Klannish way,
Is a deed today.
For a deedless day is lost.
* * *
Some people hitch their wagon t#
a star, but the true Klansman binds
his heart to the fiery cross.
• * e
The Klan is old-fashioned
enough to believe that the peo
ple who pray right are apt to
pay right.
• a a
The Road Is Paved
There are five million pfeople In
the United States over the age of
ten who can not read and write.
Ten thousand of these illiterates are
said to live in Washington, D. C.
The rest are scattered from ocean to
ocean and border to border where
they will do the most harm. Five
persons in every one hundred and
ten persons throughout the country
bluff their way through life and die
as naked in mind as they were born
into the world naked in body. To
the task of reducing, as far as pos
sible, this horrible waste to'the com
monwealth, the Klan has set itself
with the result that thousands of
patriotic people and many large or
ganizations are directing anew their
attention toward an evil that will
finally be overcome.
Dr. A. E. Winship, editor of the
Educator Journal Boston, recently
declared that in this country alone,
the Bible is printed in four hundred
languages and dialects, but that not !
one-half of the population of the
world could read it. It is well
known within the Klan that until
our organization publicly directed
especial attention to this and cor
related facts, the educated people
as a mass were making only spas
modic and impotent attempts to
combat the conditibn in a large way.
Klan propaganda and Klan effort
have paved the road to a broad
realization of the lost force caused
by the failure of five million people
to learn the simplest fundamentals
that go with good citizenship. The
fact that large numbers of these il
literates are not American born does
not affect the question of economic
wastage.
The first responsibility for correc
tion in this matter rests on the
public schools. But the schools can
do nothing until they are backed by
law and rigid law enforcement. All
patriotic organization, all good
American-born citizens must drive
through the necessary laws, in the
first place, then see that they are
obeyed. The educators should be
able to do the rest.
• e *
The True Platform
If Daniel Webster were alive to
day he would be an ardent Klans
man. During his whole life he
breathed the spirit of highest pa
triotism. Every sentence he ex
pressed rang with sincerity and
loyalty to the country. The sub
limity of men not schooled to think
in terms of complete self-sacrifice.
Many of his polisned sentences re
call the classic lines of the Klans
man’s own beloved ritual. One
passage in particular from Webster
will arouse the fervor of every true
American. Thus: “I mean to stand
upon the constitution. I need no
other platform. I shall know but
one country. The ends I am at shall
be my country’s, my God’s and
Truth’s. I was born an American;
I live an American; I shall die an
American; and I intend to perform
the duties incumbent upon me in
that character to the end of my
career. I mean to do this, with
absolute disregard of personal con
sequences. What are personal con
sequences? What is the individual
man. with all the good or evil that
may betide him, in comparison with
the good or evil which may befall
a great country in a crisis like this,
and in the mitht of great transac
tions which concern that country’s
fate? Let the consequences be what
they will, I am careless. No man
can suffer too much, and no man
can fall too soon, if he suffer, or if
he fall, in defense of the liberties
and constitution of la is country."
• • *
Klansman, do not advertise
your religion on your stationery,
but mix it with your every-day
business so that the whole world
will see that you didn’t learn
. your honesty in six weeks at a
business college.
• * •
Among the most useful members
in our organization are thoae who
are doing business for the Klan in
life’s ordinary and unnoticed daily
tasks.
e e e
The Klansman who goes to
lodge with a peevish disposition
and a long face often finds that
the devil is walking by his side.
• e •
When we think, down the long
lane of historic time, of De Molay
and hundreds of other noble and
righteous men who were persecuted,
broken on the wheel, and untimately
destroyed by religious (?) persecu
tion, we are glad that the Klan ex
THE FIERY CROSS
ists now and is able to take care of
itself and its own.
• • •
Pertain people who dislike the
Klan never seem to feel safe no
matter how many gunmen they keep
on thlr pay roll.
• • *
There seems to be no reward for
the American who puts off becoming
a Klansman because he happens to
think a boycott might hurt his busi
i ness.
• ♦ •
So many fiery crosses have
been burned the past year that a
good many different degrees of
darkness are getting ashamed of
themselves.
* • •
To An Ignorant Objector
Thou fool!
Thou degradest Liberty
And livest
In sensual bondage.
Rise, thou,
To the clarion call
Of the ghosts of old.
See them ride down
The black lanes
Of memory;
See them battle again
For the nation
They once crowned
With quenchless gems.
Blood-tinctured,
Cross-purchased.
Thou fool!
Forget the flesh-pots
Of the Lemurians,
Art thou not Aryon?
• * *
The Color of the Skin
The Japan Weekly Chronicle puts
the California issue clearly in a
brief paragraph. It says: “Appar
ently the long fight regarding anti
alien legislation in California is
over, and the California legisla
ture has established its right to de
bar practically whom it likes from
the cultivation of the land. The
Japanese press naturally deplores
this outcome, but there seems to be
no paper which points out that not
only are the anti-aliens laws still
stricter in Japan but that they
spread into whatever new territory
Japan acquires, such as Korea,
Formosa, and the mandated islands.
If Japan judges it necessary to
maintain these restrictions, she can
hardly blame other countries for
making similar restrictions.”
Probably Japanese imperialism
has had more to do with the Cali
fornia attitude than the color of the
skin or the slant of the almond eye.
Japan has been peculiarly grasping
in the matter of territorial acquisi
tion. Her broken pledges in inter
national affairs have also added fuel
to the fire of the anti-Japanese agi
tators. The Political Science Quar
terly speaks rather plainly: “It
made little difference to the popular
mind that the berry-hucksters who
ploughed California’s fields had lit
tle to do with Japanese imperialism.
For all that they knew, the Japanese
government might be using them to
accomplish by covert means what
it was more openly doing in Korea,
Manchuria and Siberia. The re
sponsibility therefore, for a large
share of anti-Japanese agitation in
California is due to the militarists
of Tokyo.”
* e •
Wendell Phillips referred to pop
ular liberty as a “manna”; but the
whole hearted Klansman regards it
as both meat and drink. Liberty
leads to defensive government.
Those who are free in patriotism are
strong to defend themselves against
the aggression of the selfish man
who would, like a vampire, drink the
blood o< the whole nation.
* * *
Too frequently the funda
mental laws of the common
wealth are neglected by wild
legislators who are driven by
noisy groups to whom they owe
their political prestige. The
need of the hour is not the
emasculation of our courts, but
more accurate interpretation of
our laws. Less damnation of
vested authority and a more
active defense of the constitu
tion and its depending statutes
would act as soothingly upon
the nerve fibers of the nation as
a tablet of veronal on a man dy
ing of insomnia.
* • •
A Bette? Word
The new word “scofflaw” for
which two hundred dollars was paid
by a Boston man for a coined word
which would best “stab the con
science of the lawless drinker” may
be read backwards and forwards by
the average bootlegger without the
least bad effect The “penal farm”
is a better phrase to conjure with,
or, say, the “penitentiary.” There
is an even better word than these.
It is written in a fiery rubric across
the sky. It is the “Klan.” This last
word sometimes drives bootleggers
into court where they get the sort
of “stab'' that helps them and their
conscience most.
• • •
The attitude of many a man who
thinks the Klan is a ferocious crea
ture is well expressed by the old
comic quatrain:
“The reason I don’t like thee, Mr.
Fell,
• Is one of two:
(a) I don’t know thee vdry well,
Or (b) I do.
Students fom every college in the
United States will meet In Washing
ton early in April to consider the
student solution to the prohibition
problem. The meeting has been call
ed by Fred B. Smith of the Federal
Council of the Churches of Christ in
America, and executive secretary of
tha National Citizens’ Committse ot
One Thousand.
BIBLE INSTRUCTION FOSTERED
IN GREENFIELD, IA., SCHOOLS
Town in Southwestern Part of State One of Few in Coun
try Where Public School Pupils Can Hear Word of the
Great Teacher Every Da> in Year.
Three Churches Presbyterian, Methodist and Church of Christ,
Hold Classes for Pupils—Card' Signed at Beginning of Term—
Classes Dismissed.
(Special Correspondence)
CRESTON, IA., March 10.—Southwestern lowa boasts of one of
the very few towns or cities in the county that has taken the lead
in placing Bible instruction in the public schools. That town is
Greenfield, located in Adair county, and quite possibly with one or
two exceptions is the only town n the state of lowa that has such
instruction. At least the town lays claim to being the first in the
state to establish such instruction in the public schools, it having
started such instruction almost three years ago, and much progress
is now being made toward a definite program for the future.
Under ITiree Churches
The instruction on the Bible at the
present time is conducted under the
direction of the Methodist, Presbyter
ian and Church of Christ churches
The school board grants the right to
dismiss each period to go to the
respective churches for Bible clas
study.
At the opening of each school year
each student is given a card to sign
and attend the church of their
choice. All classes are held in the
churches with teachers from the
school.
However, such pupils are under the
supervision of the board of educa
tion and all laws pertaining to the
public school, tlfe pupils receiving
full credit for the work done in these
classes.
The grades taking this work con
sist of the third and fourth as one
class; the fifth and sixth as one class
and the seventh and eighth as one
class. The Gary Leaflets are used.
This course covers the entire Bible
and when handled as it is handled at
Greenfield the children receive a
thorough knowledge of the entire Bi
ble The average grade of the stu
dent body taking this course, is from
85 per cent to 90 per cent for the
year. Some fall below this and some
obtain higher grades, but taking it
all in all they have been given prin
ciples that will make of them better
men and women for our future gen
eration.
Students Interested
It can be safely said that each stu
dent taking the Bible instruction is
taking it because of his or her own
interest, as well as the interest of
the parents who are more than glad
to have the Bible taught to their
children in the public school. They
realize that the Great Teacher is the
best teachers of all, but no pupil is
compelled to take the course who does
not wish to do so. The teaching
force gives its service to this work
New Home of French Way Cleaners and Dyers
i $30,000 Modern Plant Now In Operation In Des Moines
r ' S&-V ? y
~ r *~*' —-
Most Modern and Best Equipped Cleaning and Pressing Establishment in the
Middle West
“RAIN OR SHINE, WE ALWAYS CLEAN ON TIME”
Rapid Service —4 —Delivery Trucks—4— Courteous Treatment
a
Careful Attention Given Out of Town Orders
MODERATE PRICES CONSISTENT WITH HIGHEST CLASS WORK
Our Employee Are Experienced, Our Methods and Equipment the Latest and Best
SERVICE AND SATISFACTION GUARANTEED
Office V C« £• ROUSH Plant
W&l&ttt 3373 Corner Fourth ami Euclid Aveuue Walnut 3675
DEN MOINES, IOWA
free of charge, classes being held
each Monday.
This Bible instruction is produc
ing such satisfactory results that it
is safe to say that “the Bible will
never be ruled out of Greenfield ”
Kentucky One-Room
Schools Disappear
One-teacher schools are disappear
ing in Kentucky at the rate of nearly
seven a week, as they become consol
idated into larger schools with two.
three, four, or more teachers. New
union and consolidated schools are
established to take their places at
the rate of about 90 a year. To enable
the children to attend the consoli
dated schools, 78 schools provide free
transportation, using 118 motor
busses and 54 horse-drawn vehicles.
Bootlegger Arrested by
Klan Is Found Guilty
PRATT, KAN., March 10. —Elmer
Plush, who was arrested in Febru
ary in one of the wholesale liquor
raids conducted by the Ku Klux Klan
in co-operation with the local peace
officers, has been found guilty of vi
olating the prohibitory law. The ver
dict was returned by a jury of 12
women after deliberating three hours.
Plush was fined SBOO and sentenced to
nine months in jail. Several boys
testified during the hearing that they
purchased liquor in the Plush home.
IMPERIAL GARAGE
518 W. Eleventh Street Des Moines, lowa
PHONE Market 1287 '
General Auto Repairing—Motor Rebuilding a Specialty
GLEN H. HALSTEAD AL. H. BOPP
Friday, March 14, 1924
President Coolidge Backs
Wood’s Rule in the
Philippines
(Bureau of Puhllration and
Education)
WASHINGTON, D. C. March 10.
—The Philippines will not be
granted independence at this time,
President Coolidge today wrote
Manuel Roxas, head of the Inde
pendence Mission here. “This gov
ernment has full confidence in
Gov. Gen. Leonard Wood's admin
istration,” Coolidge wrote. Tha
president said further;
“If the Filipinos cannot co-oper
ate in the support and encourage
ment of as good an administration
as has been afforded Gov. Gen.
Wood, their failure will be rather
a testimony of unpreparedness
for the full obligation of citizen
ship than an evidence of patriotic
eagerness to advance their coun
try.”
WELLSBURG, W. VA., March 10.
A klavern costing approximately $20,-
000 will be built or purchased by
Wellsburg Klan No. 40. Knights of
the Ku Klux Klan, within the next
few months, it became known here
today. It is understood that the move
has been under consideration for some
time. The new klavern is being pur
chase to take care of the vast mem
bership that is expected to join the
organization during the summer
months, it is announced.
You Are
Interested
in collecting your slow
accounts NOW. We guar
antee our system to col
lect at least SIOO of your
slow accounts or money
cheerfully refunded. The
most practical and eco
nomical system on the
market . Write for par
ticulars.
East 2 no
Des Moines, lowa