PAGE FOUR
THE MINNESOTA FIERY CROSS
The MINXKSOTA I’ll HV CROSS t* iait»> slnM nm Fvittnr I ,v the Kmi'lri
Publishing Company. St. Paul. Minnesota, ai.il wll taa ntain a |**llojr of ataumlr.
Protestant Americanism w thout fear or favoi
KiliUml. not to make up people’* mind*. Ii t to shako up people’* minds: t.>
heli> mold active public opuron which will make a pro|ier ulacs* t<> H'O in
News of truth kills more false news and shrivels up more "liiink’' than ail
the earnest arguments in the world. Truth helps to clarify opinions on aeri'.u-
Questions by serious people.
The MlX\l><* I' \ I IKItV CIIOi> w>r strive to n ve the American viewi> >ml
on published articles and separate the dross from the pure void In the current
Dews of the day.
The Kmplrr PublUtduic (’#.. Inc., Publisher*
Second-class inailiiiK Tati’s appllul lor.
Advertising Kate* Will He Furnished lp«n lleutie-t
Subscript Inn Hate, by Mall, >2.00 Per Year
Send All X’ews Items and Addrcs* all Intjnlrles to till Pioneer Hiilldius. SI. Paul.
Minnesota
, :r„.. = ~ ~ = •
KI.AX’S PROGRAM FOR lfc>l
1. Militant, old-fashioned Christianity and operative patriotism.
2. Back to the Constitution.
j. Enforcement of the Eighteenth Amendment *o long as It In a part of
the Constitution.
4. Enforcement of present Immigration lans and enactment of more
stringent laws on Immigration.
The Spread of Atheism
The Knights of the Ku Klux Klan rise in their might to stem the tide
of atheism, which fur the past few'years has been spreading throughout I In
land.
The Klan and every man in it stands four-square for the old-fashioned
brand of Christianity, believing that God is the Fountain-Head of all. and
Jesus Christ his Son. is the Faviour of Mankind; that only through Him
can man come unto the Father and be saved to everlasting life.
Now comes the announcement that the public schools of New York are
proposing to use a so-called American Bible, in place of the Bible of his
tory. It will include quotations from Thomas Paine, the American revolu
tionist. whose theological beliefs are not in accord with those of the found
ers of the nation, even though his political opinions did concur with theirs.
A Bible class in the same city has Paine as one of its prophets. How the
two can be combined, without the Bible giving way to the philosophy of
Paine, is hard to comprehend, for the two are incompatible.
In the universities of the country, students are absorbing ideas of life
which fail to take into reckoning the existence of a Supreme Being. Ma
terialism, in some quarters, holds sway.
The theological seminaries, strange as it may seem, have been turning
out students whose disbelief in the Christ is the most conspicuous part of
their education for the ministry. Christ is not divine, they declare. He
was only a great teacher and philosopher, like Confucius, Plato and Mo
hammed.
It is true that in great foreign-populated centers like Chicago, New York
and Boston, atheism is rampant. It is largely due to imported influence.
One of the most outstanding exceptions is Thomas Paine. There is no
question but what his political pamphlet. “Common Sense” and his book,
“Crisis," did incalculable good in swinging the colonists behind the move
ment of the revolution. But his work entitled “Bights of Man.” in which he
embodied his theological opinions and beliefs, seems today to be plaguing
the nation he did so much to bring into existence.
What is there in Paine’s works which, included in an American Bible,
could in any manner better assist man in right living, that is not found in
the real Christian Bible?
The followers of Paine may think they are being more American, by
adopting the materialistic views of one of the founders of the nation, but
they are not. While Paine’s politics were truly American, his religious be
liefs were distinctly foreign. They are foreign to everything that has made
America the great nation she is, and will continue to be.
The Klan rises iA its might to crush atheism. It must not be thought
that the Klan is going to forcibly change anyone’s mind. It is not. Its
membership is pledged to preserve the ideals of America, by using the in
struments granted to them under the constitution. They mean to stem the
the tide of atheism by so living the Christian life that all men will see that
Christianity is the one great driving power behind the life of the nation.
The Klan does intend to keep any mis-named American Bible out of the
public schools. It does intend to see that the Bible of Christianity, which
in the fundamental sense is the only American Bible, is placed in the public
schools and read throughout the length and breadth of the land daily with
out comment.
The Klan does not mean to organize, attend and promote any Bible classes
with “Paine as one of its prophets.” There is only one prophet, using the
word in a modified sense, that can lead Americans and Klansmen, and He
is none other than Jesus Christ, the Master Pilot.
We Wonder
We wonder if the Des Moines municipal election taught anyone a
lesson?
We wonder how some writers of high-sounding. anti-American edi
torials in the daily papers feel by this time? The power of the press is
great, but the public is becoming educated. In the vernacular of the street,
it is “getting wise.”
We wonder how some judicial candidates, who raved against the Knights
of the Ku Klux Klan and their American principles are looking at the
world about them? Must look as though things had gone to the eternal
bow-wows, eh?
We wonder how the underworld feels, even if they did nominate a so
called “crime-cleaner” for superintendent of safety in second place?
We wonder what crooked-politicians, the few that placed on the ticket
and those that hopelessly lost out, are thinking about?
We wonder what the poll clerks and judges, who disfranchised certain
voters, are thinking about?
We wonder —no, we take that back—we know that Des Moines is going
to get an honest American administration after March 31.
Now We See
C. H. Johnston, anti-Klan candidate for judge of Des Moines municipal
court, declared recently in one of his tirades: “We shall see what strength,
if any, the hooded outlaw organization has, on March 17.”
Did you see, Mr. Johnston?
Not so bad for some of us, eh?
Klansmen Donate to
Two Kansas Churches
TORONTO, KAN., March 15.—Vis
ited by fourten robed Klansmen on
a recent Sunday evening, the Presby
terian and Methodist churches here
each received gifts of $25. Entering
the churches as the offerings were
being received the Knights marched
to the pulpit and knelt, while one
of their number offered a prayer. Af
ter presenting the money the Knights
departed as silently as they came.
A conference on Christian politics,
economics and citizenship will be
held at Birmingham, England, April
6 to 12. Commissions have been ap
pointed to study such questions as
property and industry, the home,
treatment of crime, education, in
ternational relationships, Christian
ity and war. Following this confer
ence olans will be made for another
in 1926, in America.
NOTICE TO POETS
It is astonishing how many per
sons are given to writing tneir
thoughts in verse. Actually hun
dreds of poems reach the desk of
the editor of The Fiery Cross each
week. The Fiery Cross made it a
rule in the early life of The Fiery
Cross to print no poetiy. This
rule has never been broken. The
only verse ever appearing in The
Fiery Cross are references within
an article to some poem, and these
are rare.
Many beautiful thoughts are ex
pressed in poems reaching the ed
itor’s desk, but to be fair with all,
all verse is turned down.
The editor hopes this notice will
be sufficient to stop the flood of
verse. The rule is absolutely ad
hered to. No poetry will be ac
cepted by The Fiery Cross. To
{Tint a few poems would bs to of
end hundreds whoss verses are re
jected.
Sparks from the Fiery Cross
By JOHN EIGHT POINT
“The noblest motive is the public iiood.” —Virgil
»
Speke* From John
The eye of the interested Kians
ion will henceforth follow sharply
the acts of those genial politicians
who are suspected of jHissessing oil
terior motives.
« * *
Love of a man for a maid is
:.n episode; love of a Klansman
for nis country is a blazing
reality on both sides of the eter
nal courts of death.
* * *
The nation was conceived in lib
erty it is the Klan’s duty to see
that the child grows up to an honor
to its parents.
* * *
‘One (j"d. one law. one element,
And one far-off divine event,’’
The poet said, and saying proves
The goal toward which the Klansman
moves.
* * *
The Klansman can exercise the
most beneficent influence upon his
•immunity by the moral power of
iih example.
* * *
Benjamin Franklin, said, “Mankind
ere all of a family." That is true,
but the Kian is of the opinion that
some of the children have had bet
ter advantages than others.
* * *
Leaders Are Wise
You will notice, Klansmen, that
our great leaders speak w isely, care
fully and with utmost repression
That is a lesson to us of the rank
and file. “Strong and bitter words,”
said Y'ictor Hugo, “induce a weak
cause.’’ Our cause is so strong in
itself that petty argument detracts
from it and anger can never serve
it. No Klansman argues about non
essentials the day has gone by
when fighting windmills is a prac
tical policy for anybody, especially r.
Klansman with a high ideal.
* * *
It Must lb* Obeyed
We insist we must insist—upon
active co-operation between courts
and police, and also between each of
these and all law-abiding citizens.
Without co-operation there will be
lost energy in every department of
national life. We must feel the
necessity in our own hearts of the
co-operation that without fear or
favor shall operate to uphold our
foundational lews. We insist that
illegal distillers, liquor-selling drug
stores, hidden fruit-stand saloons,
soft drink beer joints, back-alley
bootlegger grog shops and “speak
easys," be hunted out and sup
pressed, and that the offenders be
brought to unsympathetic justice.
There shall be no hiding behind
preferment; there must be no pro
tection by favor-purchased authority.
If the nation, as a whole, does not
like the eighteenth amendment, lets
take the necessary steps to repeal
it. Until then it is a part of the law
of the land and the law must be res
pected, feared and obeyed.
* * *
Which Smith!
“Smith for President,” clubs are
being formed in the leading cities of
the United States. Wall street,
Tammany, and Catholics generally, it
is said, are doing everything within
their power to force the Democratic
convention to nominate Smith for
president. It is even alleged by
some that the liquor interests are
fiancing the campaign. The papal
hand, stretching across the sea. is
again observed at its age-old task.
• • *
Life Is a Round
Life is a round of years—
A little joy and many tears,
A little weal, a little woe,
A breath, a struggle, then we go
Up to the Klan above, how free
From every life-bought misery;
But ere we chant the celestial song
We wage our war ‘twixt right and
wrong.
And ’tis our purpose while we’re
here.
To serve our country without fear.
Y)nu well know that it is not to
taste the sweet things in life, but to
do the noble, true, and patriotic
things and thus vindicate himself un
der God’s heaven as worthy of his
lineage that the Klansman longs.
The dullest drudge under the robe of
powerful Klan purpose, actuated by
unselfish intention, is kindled into a
hero by the fiery cross.
* * *
The cause of the least American is
the cause of the whole country —
that is a Klan ideal.
• e *
The Associated Press, that noble
and puissant purveyor of rumors,
good, bad and otherwise, announces
that the “hooded order” in Maine in
tends to control the Republican nom
ination for governor. The “hooded
order.” of course, intends to control
nothing. However, if the good citi
zens of Maine feel like voting against
a man who voted against a proposed
amendment to the state constitution,
they have the right to do it —they
probably know what they are about,
or if they do not they will find it
out.
e * *
What with the development of
the naval coal fields in Alaska
stopped to oblige private com
petitors and the naval oil re
serves leased to oblige selfiidh in
terests, the Klansman is not the
only citizen who wonders why
more people are not put in jail.
And it is well to wonder!—but
it is better to act. The pene-
tentiaries are not yet full.
• * *
man is fit for the Klan as long
as he has “personal reasons” for
keeping some worthy citizen out of
the order.
• • *
Very Crafty
Again the sombre report hun
dreds of Chinese are slipping across
the southern border in stolid de-
THE FIERY CROSS
fiance of law and government watch
fulness. Craft is a peculiar char
acteristic of the Chinese—the sev
enth sub-race of the old Atlantean
root stock. Said Bret Harte:
“For ways that are dark,
And for tricks that are vain,
The heathen Chinese is peculiar.”
The race is disintegrating so
slowly that it still requires watching,
though not in the same sense as the
forward-looking colony-seeking Jap
anese.
* * *
'llic Klan would soon get the devil
on the run If so many citizens didn’t
believe the Bible na* made for some
body other than themselves to obey.
* • *
Win or lose, hate doesn’t pay di
vidends.
* * «
“The people,” said Edmund
Burke, “never give up their
liberties but under some delu
sion.” The Klan helps the peo
ple to hold fast to their liber
erties by keeping clear brains
and watchful eyes. The re
markable number and unusual
success of clean-up campaigns
the past year sharpen the point
oi truth.
« * *
The Klan is striving with heroic
soul in the work of reconstruction
and restoration of essential na
tional values. It endeavors to
strengthen in the American heart
all of those virtues of devotion ami
discipline from which, as a poten
tial popular movement, it derived its
earliest impetus.
* * *
Klansman. if you obey to the full
the tenets of the order, before you
start out on any enterprise you will
look in the Bible and see if God rec
ommends it.
♦ * *
I*i oopm*lona I
Let us go up with high and sacred
love,
Lay on each Klansman’s grave, the
hopeful wreath;
They serve their country still in
courts above,
Robed in the silent majesty of death.
Let us go up and honor those who
spent—
A|l that they had to serve the race
supreme;
Theirs was no stingy sacrifice—they
bent,
Body and spirit to a holy dream.
Let us go up and mark with earnest
rita
The resting places of our noble
born—
Dawn shall arouse them from death’s
dust and night
Retreat before the bugles of the
morn.
* * *
The Klansman’s idea about re
ligion are rahter primitive. He
doesn’t care much about the phil
osophy of Ritschlor Schleiermacher.
or Spinoza or Kant. He believes
that religion is to be lived rather
than talked about.
* m *
Klansman Joe says: “After a
while there’ll be so many com
mittees in investigation that
there won’t be nobody left to in
vestigate.”
* * *
It is difficult to personate and act
a part. Nature will betray the evil
and selfish politician or group of
politicians. The Klansman being
honest and earnest will have no dif
ficulty in spotting local offenders and
in gradually working into office men
whose interests are forever upon the
side of the whole people.
* * *
Klansmen, you know, never care
to qualify for those Olympic games.
A KLANSMAN’S CREED
/ believe in God and in the ten
ets of the Christian religion and
that a gcxlless nation can not long
prosper.
I believe that a church that is
not grounded on the principles of
morality and justice is a mockery
to (f<xl and man.
I believe that a church that does
not hare the welfare of the com
mon jH’ople at heart is unworthy.
I believe in the eternal separa
tion of Church and State.
I hold no allegiance to any for
eign govei nment, emperor, king,
pope or any other foreign, politi
cal or religious power.
I hold my allegiance to the Stars
and Stripes next to my allegiance
to God alone.
I believe in just laws and liberty.
I believe in the upholding of the
Constitution of these United States.
I believe that our Free Public
School is the comer stone of good
government and that those who are
acting to destroy it are enemies
of our Rejrublic and are unworthy
of citizenship.
I believe in freedom of speech.
I believe in a free press uncon
trolled by political parties or by
religious sects.
I believe in lavi and order.
/ believe in the protection of our
pure vximanhood.
I do not believe in mob violence,
but I do believe that laws should
be enacted to prevent the causes
of mob violence.
I believe in a closer relationship
of capital and labor.
I believe in the pret'ention of
unuHirranted strikes by foreign la
bor agitators.
I believe in the limitation of for
eign i mi m ig rat ion.
/ am a native-born American cit
izen and I belie iv my rights in this
country are sujterior to those of
foreigners.
Like W hipped Pups The Klan’s Enemies Retreat
Tin* above cirtoon. drawn •»> l lie after having attacked and malifrned
staff artist of The Teisnes>ee Fiery the organization. \lt hough the pic
(ross amply Illustrates the iiiuiiner ture Is drawn to suit the national
in which enemies of the Klan react situation, its lesson could very well
Flashes From Washington
Bonus Bill Gaining Ground
(ltiire.ni of Publication ami h'diicntloii)
WASHINGTON. D. C.. March 13.
The new soldiers’ bonus bill has been
completed by the house ways am;
means committee. Chairman Green
says he hopes to be able to brink the
biil up in the house for passage the
first of next week under unanimous
consent.
If this course should be followed,
the bill would be closed to all chang
es by the house and could be brought
to a vote on final passage in forty
minutes. It is more than likely that
a lot of discussion of the legislation
will be demanded. Congressmen will
want to talk about it, and their
speeches printed for home consump
tion in the coming campaign.
As decided upon by the committee
the bonus is a two-way plan. It is
founded upon payments of SI a day
for home service and $1.25 for for
eign service, with 25 per cent of to
tal pay added.
All bonus payments will be made
as soon after passage of the legisla
tion as they can be checked up. All
bonus payments of SSO or less will be
made in cash, the total cost of which
is estimated at $16,000,000.
Bonus payments over SSO will be
by paid-up insurance certificates
having a cash value. The cer
tificates will be for 20 years, dated
from January 1 next. They will be
written for the total of pay allowed,
plus 25 per cent, and will be given
to ex-service men and to the depend
ents of ex-service men who have died
since the war.
* * *
Tax Return Advised
All hope is gone for an immediate
25 per cent cut in 1923 income taxe?
due March 15. Republican Floor
Leader Longworth has served notice
on the president that passage of a
resolution for the retroactive rebate
is absolutely impossible at this stage.
Meanwhile, the treasury suggests
that, as the taxes may be paid in four
installments, taxpayers pay only
three-fourths of the total. Then if
the rebate is passed between now’ and
December 15 next, they will not have
to pay the final installment.
• * *
Catholics Aroused
Catholics everywhere are aroused
over the widespread campaign against
the parochial school system, which
they term as “the most vulnerable
point of attack on the Catholic
church in America.” They cite the
passage of the Oregon anti-parochial
school law and attempts to put
through similar legislation in Michi
gan and Washington.
They are thoroughly scared and say
in print: “We must not permit the
enemy to lay his plans and complete
his work unhindered and unchal
lenged. It is our duty to meet him
on his own ground and fully present
to the non-Catholic people the mer
its and demerits of the controversy
now being forced on us. We must
spread abroad our viewpoint. We
must marshal our forces to fight. We
must remove prejudice with a full
and lucid explanation. We must ed
ucate our friends and neighbors in
the reasonableness of our positions
and the righteousness of our cause.
We must show them the truth of our
attitude towards the public schools
and toward the education of future
citizenship.”
Something must be hurting. At
last some one has stepped on tne Ro
man toes. They don’t like a dose of
their own medicine, viz. propaganda,
and propaganda seems to be work
ing O. K. for Protestant Christians
in this country nowadays.
• • •
No Catholic President
The Catholic World comes out and
admits that no Catholic can ever be
nominated and elected for the Presi
dency. We didn’t think they would
be so accurate in their deductions.
The Catholic World has this to say
on the subject:
“The oil scandal has, apparently,
eliminated the most prominent Dem
ocratic candidate, and has very seri
ously shaken the confidence of the
Republicans. It is the time, if ever,
for a strong Democrat of unques
tioned ability and of unimpeachable
probity, to be nominated. Now it
happens that there are two such men.
nationally prominent, well-tried, un
questionably honest. But neither of
them will be nominated, for they are
both Catholics. That fact ruins their
chances as effectively as if they were
Hottentots. The nomination and
election of a Catholic to the presi
dency is unthinkable.”
Righto, old Roman boy. You are
right for once in your life, if never
again.
There seems to be no reward for
the American who puts off becoming
a Klansman because he happens to
think a boycott might hurt his busi
ness.
FOR SERVICE THAT SATISFIES
Bring Your Car to
THE GOLDEN RULE GARAGE
2407 East 13th Street
General Repairing Magneto Recharging
“IF WE CANT FIX IT, GIVE IT AWAY”
Phone Market 3332
Butter Nut
Bread
/
The Best Bread Is The
Most Economical
Do Not Say Bread , Say
BUTTER NUT
Friday, March 21, 1924
be applied to lies Hollies following
the municipal election.
From icports from all over the na
lion, the Klan is gaining its goal.
Protestant Ministers
Address Klan Meeting
GLASCO. KAN., March 17.—Not
discouraged despite the fact that a
national lecturer was unable to ap
pear because of illness, local Klans
men held an open meeting here Mon
day evening at which much enthusi
asm was displayed. A few of the
Protestant ministers from nearby
towns spoke at the meeting. Many
in the audience expressed their desire
to join the great American order.
UNDERWOODS
$3.00 Down
All makes of typewriters, bought,
sold, traded or repaired
Standard Typewriter Co.
820-322 Frankel Bldg. Mkt. 2114
FRED C DICKMAN
Retailer of Jones Dairy
Products
EAST SIDE - JiKill LAND PARK
and OAK PARK
WALNUT 5874