Friday, May 9,1924
PRIMARY VERSUS OLD
CONVENTION DEBATED
(Continued from page 1)
ventions, and would furnish a digni
fied manner for securing men of abil
ity to accept public trusts.”
Mr. Coe prefaced his argument for
the primary system by stating that
the object of government is to se
cure happiness and prosperity for the
people.
Three Parties In State
“We are committed to party gov
ernment,” he said. “We now have
three parties in Minnesota as vigor
ous and militantt as they ever were.
“Minnesotta has operated for 23
years under a primary election law,
the last 12 of which have been state
wide, that is, including state offi
cers. It seems to me that those 23
years have been full of happiness
and prosperity. There is little of un
employment in the cities, and what
ever of financial depression there is
among the farmers cannot be
charged to any misgovernment with
in the state of Minnesota. There are
no scandals now, and in those 23
years there have been no serious
scandals in government in this state.
It appears to me that the state of
Minnesota has been exceptionally
well governed on the whole during
that period.
“The personnel of our state and
congressional officers has been as
CLASSIFIED COLUMN
Advertisements under this head will
be published at the rate of 15 cents
• line, six average words to the line;
minimum charge 60 cents.
Copy must be in this office by noon
on Monday of publication week.
FOR RENT—In private modern
home, with private entrance. One
bed room for one or two gentlemen.
Also garage. Five-minute car serv
ice pass the door. Call Drake
6789-J or inquire at 1947 W. 20th
street.
FOR SALE—Bargain in eight-room
modern home on beautifully shad
ed lot in East Des Moines. Con
venient location. Half block from
street cars. Recent improvements
made. Attractive terms. Call af
ter 6 P. M. 615 East Ninth Street.
CHICK PRICES REDUCED—Rocks,
Reds, Anconas, Buff Orpingtons,
Black Minorcas, $12.00 per 100.
$24.00 200. White Wyandottes,
White Orpingtons, $13.00 per 100.
White and Brown Leghorn, $ll.OO
per 100, $30.00 300. Custom hatch
ing 6 cents per chick. Pharis
Hatchery, Albia, lowa.
DARK CORNISH EGGS
They hatch Krowers. Kluckers and
Kacklers. SI.OO per 30. $3.00 per
100. Satisfaction assured. Address
Foster Williams,, Lacona, lowa.
TWO FINE BUILDING LOTS—On
Pleasant View Drive, in Park Ave.
district. Will make you a good
proposition, cash or terms. Acquire
this fine tract, build you a home
and be independent. Here's a real
bargain. Call Wal. 3326, ask for
Adv. Mgr., or write T. S. H., 515
Polk Bldg., Des Moines, lowa.
FOR SALE —Hatching eggs and baby
chicks from Fishels strain pure
bred White Plymouth Rocks. Bred
and culled for heavy egg produc
tion. Eggs, $5.00 per 100, 75 cents
for setting. Chicks $17.00 per 100.
Prepaid 100 per cent delivery. Al
so baby chicks and hatching eggs
from all leading varieties. Write
for prices, 100% Knights Pure-
Bred Poultry Yards and Hatchery,
Boone. lowa, Route No. 1.
Patronize Fiery Cross Advertisers
Nets Open For Business
L. G LEONARD LUNCH
Continuous from 5 a. m. So 12 p. m.
Strictly High-class—loo% American
Market 2116 420 Ninth St
Des Moines, lowa
STATEMENT OP THE OWNERSHIP, MANAGEMENT, CIRCULA
TION, ETC., REQUIRED BY THE ACT OF CONGRESS
OF AUGUST 24, 1912,
Of the Minnesota Fiery Cross, published weekly at St. Paul. Minnesota,
for April 1. 1924.
State of Minnesota)
)ss.
County of Ramsey)
Before me. a Notary Public In and for the State and county aforesaid,
personally appeared Shurl Reichert, who. having 1 been duly sworn accord*
w. deposes and says that he is the business manager of The
Minnesota F iery Cross and that the following is. to the best of his knowl
edge and belief, a true statement of the ownership, management, etc., of
the aforesaid publication for the date shown in the above caption, required
by the Act of August 24. 1912, embodied in section 443. Postal Laws and
Regulations, printed on the reverse of this form, to wit:
1- That the names and addresses of the publisher, editor, managing
editor, sad business managers are:
Publisher. The Ktaapire Publishing Co.. Inc., (12 Stoneleigh Court. Wash
ington. D. C.
Bditor. P. J. Orn. 41 6 Pioneer Building, St. Paul. Minnesota.
Business Manager. Shurl Reichert. 416 Pioneer Building. St. Paul. Minn.
. *• Th*t the owner is: (If the publication is owned by an Individual
hie name and addrees. or If owned by more than one individual the name
and address of each, should be given below; If the publication Is owned
? a corporation the name of the corporation and the names and ad
arseeeo of each of the stockholders owning or bolding one per cent or
■J™ *f the total amount of stock should be given.) The Kmpire Puh
i!* I ** Co.. Inc. (Del.). (12 Stoneleigh Court. Washington. D. C.: Dr. H.
£ Bo* I*o4. Atlanta. Oa.; H. C. McCall. 112 Stoneleigh
Court. Washlagton. D. C.; Walter Bossert, P. O. Boa 91. Indianapolis.
T* ul * Mtherldge. Cltiaens A Southern Bank. Atlanta. Oa; Judge
J. A. Comer. A. O. U. W. Building. Little Rock. Ark.
*• That the known bondholders, mortgagees, and other security hold
ers owning or holding 1 per cent or more of total amount of bonds, mort
gagee or other securities are: None.
That the two paragraphs next above, giving the names of the own
•”> stockholders and security holders. If any. contain not only the list
of stockholders and security holders as they appssr upon the books of
th* cesapany but also, in caaea where the stockholder or security holder
appears upon the books of ths company as trustee or in any other fidu
ciary relation, the name of ths person or corporation for whom such trus
tee *• acting. M given: also that the said two paragraphs contain state
■sasts ssahractag affiant's full knowledge and belief as to the circum
stances and eoaffltioaa under which stockholders and security holders
who do not appear upon ths hooks of ths eosapany as trustees, hold
stosk and seesrMtes m a caperltiy ether than that of a bona fide owner:
and this affiant has no reason to believe that any other person, asseci
atlon. or corpora**** has any Interest direct or Indirect in ths said stock,
bonds, sr ether sssurntas than as so stated by blot.
4. That the average number of copies of seek issue of this publics-
Mn or districted through ths stalls or otherwise, to paid aub
■■nhsrs durtag the six months prosed lag the date shown above la
(This tnfsmaaMss h required from daily publications only.)
HHUItL K Klt'li KHT.
liUMlneas Manager. The Minnesota Fiery Cross,
■worn to and subscribed before me tbls lfth day of April. 1924.
A. K. LUND.
(HEAL) (My commission expires dept. 21. 1*21.)
high during the last 12 years as they
were during the previous 20 years.
Judiciary Improved
"There has been decided improve
ment in one branch of the govern
ment under the primary law, namely,
the judiciary. To demonstrate that,
let me ask you this question: If
there was a matter involving popu
lar rights to be submitted to a court,
which court would you prefer to have
determine it, the district court of
the state or the federal court? Our
district judges are all nominated un
der the primary law. The federal
judges are all appointed under the
old system.
‘The state-wide primary law as
sumes that the citizens are capable
of selecting for themselves their
state officers. The delegate system
assumes that they are not. I think
that they are. Under the primary
system tne individual voter goes to
the polls, and all alone with his pen
cil in a little booth, makes a mark
opposite the names of the men he
would like to have govern him under
his own party. Under the delegate
system, all a voter could do would
be to go and make a mark after the
name of one of his neighbors to whom
he would deliver the right to select
a candidate for him.
“If there has been any weakening
of party discipline, it has been due
rather to the non-partisan features
of the law by whicn county officials
and members of the legislature are
named without party distinction. I
have no objection whatever to having
that changed. In particular, I think
it would be desirable to have the city
officers, including the aldermen,
elected on a partisan ticket but I
would have them nominated at a pri
mary election, just as we nominate
them now.
It is claimed that the state-wide
primary makes it so expensive upon
the candidate. Granted. But a dele
gate system would make it more ex
pensive. It has always been expen
sive to secure nominations to nigh
office. I know of no way to prevent
it. It is claimed that it is a disgust
ing spectacle to see a large number
of candidates file for the office of
governor. It does no harm at all.
Let them file. Only the best can be
elected. All they do is waste their
time.
“This morning's Tribune states the
official returns from Michigan on
the presidential primary. In round
figures, 45,000 people voted, of which
President Coolidge secured a sub
stantial majority. When you con
sidere that Henry Ford got more
votes than his Democratic opponent,
and Ford has already indorsed Cool
idge, you can add another 48,000,
making a grand total of 280,000
votes out of 460,000 votes for Cool
idge. In the face of these returns,
can you say that the people do not
know who they want?
Says G. O. P. Can Win
The Republican party can win the
next fight. We have a good record.
Four years ago when we took com
mand, we found the, factories down,
trade was stagnant, labor cried aloud
in the market place. Our ships rot
ted in the harbors. Business men
were going bankrupt every hour. War
frauds had been a stench in the nos
trils of the people. Our sacred Lib
erty bonds were selling at 85c on the
dollar. Now, what have we? Liber
ty bonds are selling at par. Every
factory in the United States is run
ning practically full blast. The din
ner pail of the laborer is full. Wages
are nigh. There is no unemployment
and very few bankruptcies. The sev
en seas are covered with the wide
wings of our commerce. All this in
four years. It is a record of achieve
ment to be proud of.”
The forum on party conventions
and direct primary was the third
which the Lincoln club has conduct
ed to incite interest in the year’s
election campaigns. The previous
luncheons were field day affairs at
which the candidates for governor
and United States senator spoke.
WINONA KLAN HEARS SPEAKER
WINONA. MINN., April 26—A
state Ku Klux Klan lecturer ad
dressed local Klansraen in Klavern
assembled. The Americans in this
city are rapidly awakening to the
real need of the great Protestant or
ganization. In Winona there is al
ready a Klan that is effectively work
ing for better things.
JIMPERFECT PAGE
1 Scene during mlUlon-dollar fire in New York harbor In which se\eral ships were deatroyed. 2 —Senators
and representatives taking lessons on how to keep fit from Bernarr MacFadden. B—Orville Wright, Inventor of
the airplane, receiving from Q. A. E Dumont, military attache of the French embassy, the medal of the Legion of
Honor. m
NEWS REVIEW OF
CURRENTEVENTS
A 1 Smith Jumps to Fore in
Race for Nomination by
the Democrats.
By EDWARD W. PICKARD
PRESIDENT COOLIDGE’S nomina
tion by the Republicans In the
Cleveland convention being conceded,
as It must be, the country is turning
Its political attention mainly to the
race among the Democratic aspirants.
W(io of that numerous company has
the best of It depends on where your
news comes from. In Now York it Is
A 1 Smith, In Indiana It is Senator
Ralston, in the southeast It may be
Senator Underwood, and so It goes.
The death of Charles F. Murphy,
chief of Tammany, was thought at first
to be a blow to Smith’s chances for tha
sachem was managing the governor’s
campaign. But last week the Smith
cohorts In New York went forward
with a rush and placed their candidate
In the strategic position. George
Brennan of Chicago, leader of the Illi
nois Democracy, was there and was
hailed as the man to aucceed Murphy
as the national boss of the party, and
while he did not coma out openly as
leader of the Smith forces, It became
evident that he would be the director
of their tactics. The governor an
nounced that Franklin D. Roosevelt
had been selected as chairman of bis
campaign committee, which Includes
representatives of all states. Mr.
Roosevelt was assistant secretary of
the navy In the Wilson administration
and candidate for the vice presidency
four years ago. He was always known
as an anti-Tammany man, so his selec
tion may take from the Smith candi
dacy what sections remote from New
York might regard as the curse of
Tammany favor.
Of course the supporters of all
other Democratic candidates continue
to assert that Smith’s nomination, or
his election, is Impossible because he
Is a Roman Catholic and because he is
an open advocate of the legalising of
light wines and beer. His friends in
sist that the South will vote for him
as for any Democratic nominee, de
spite the great strength of the Ku
Klux Klan down there. Some other
politicians are not so sure of this; and
they call attention to the apparent
growth of the Klan elsewhere, too.
Only a few nlghta ago It held a meet
ing on Long Island which was attended
by many tbousenda and 900 new mem
bers were Initiated.
Indiana Democrats are, perhaps pre
maturely, pushing Senator Samuel
Ralston toward the front as the log
ical choice of the New York conven
tion. As one correspondent puts It:
‘The home-grown Democrats of In
diana say Ralston la well liked by
both wets and dry*, by conservatives
and progressives, by Kluxers and antl-
Kluxera, by capital and labor. No
hatreds are focalised on him. Besides.
Indiana and Ohio may be the key to
the strategy In the western campaign
this year, and Ralston Is the one cen
tralised candidate."
Chlcagouons who went to New York
for the funeral of Murphy returned
with the Impression that their favorite
ton. Mayor Dover, really has a chance
to win the nomination for the presi
dency. Stranger things have hap
pened In national convestlons. New
Jerseyites believe Governor Silser la
the man of destiny, and It la said Bren
nan has him on his list of possibilities.
OHIO, Massachusetts and Missouri
having added their delegatee to
the Coolldge column, William 11. But
ler, the President’s national campaign
manager, announced that Mr. Oool
tdge now has a total of Kin pledged
delegates. Only Wt are needed to In
sure nomination. The Republican ex
ecutive committee. In session In Cleve
land. selected Theodore U. Burton of
Ohio, representative and former sen
ator. aa temporary chairman of the
convention, he being Mr. Onolldge'"
choice. The temporary organisation
for the big meeting was completed bv
the commutes. There was a lot of
talk among Het>ubl leans last week
about the iMws'binty of unaaisatlm'
Hrlg Gen. Outlies 0. Dawes fer the
THE FIERY CROSS
vice presidency. He has Just returned
from Europe, and the added fame he
gained by his fine work as head of the
reparations expert committee makes
him a strong party asset. His only
comment was that he had no Inten
tion of going Into politics.
W. M. Butler, It la announced, will
succeed Mr. Adams as chairman of
the national committee after the con
vention.
In the Ohio primaries Coolidge beat
Hiram Johnson about 6 to 1, and In
the landslide Harry M. Daugherty was
carried to victory as a delegate at
large. He was last In the Coolidge list
of seven, but ran far ahead of the
leading Johnson candidate.
MUSCLE SHOALS was a leading
topic of the week, the hearings
held by the senate agricultural com
mittee developing some Interesting fea
tures. First of these was a telegram
sent October 12 last by James Martin
Miller, who claims to have been a
Washington representative of Ford, to
Ernest Liebold, Ford's confidential
secretary. It read: "la private Inter
view had with President Coolidge this
morning he said Incidentally: ‘I am
friendly to Mr. Ford, but with some
one would convey to him It Is my hope
that Mr. Ford will not do or say any
thing that will make It difficult for me
to deliver Muscle Shoals to him, which
I am trying to do.’ While President
didn't say so, am sura Weeks has been
consultation with President this morn
lag In view Mr. Ford's reported Inter
view today's papers."
President Coolidge, from whom a
dedal was unnecessary, promptly ia-
sued a statement reiterating hla posi
tion concerning Muscle Shoals, quot
img from bis message on ths subject,
and added: “I have never said I was
trying to deliver Muacle Shoals to Mr.
Ford or to anyone else. I do not
think hla favor Is for aale. I wanted
him to have his proposal fairly con
sidered, just as I wanted any other
proposal* fairly considered." Mr. Lie
bold deaied that Miller was an em
ployee of Ford. Miller said hla tele
gram quoted the President correctly.
TO* most generous conclusion la that
Miller's memory failed him.
Governor Plnohot of Pennsylvania
pointed out to the committee jokers In
the Ford bid for Muscle Shoal* which,
he said, would enable the automobile
manufacturer to "hamstring" the en
tire South, industrially and agricul
turally. Then appeared MaJ. E. B.
Stahlman. publisher of the Nashville
Banner, who nrged the committee to
"Just give Henry whatever he wanta;
he will do the right thing." He was
backed up In this by hla counsel, W.
B. Waldo, but right there Senator Nor
ris of Nebraska, chairman of the ctftn
mlttee, broke looee. Part of what he
said to Mr. Waldo was:
“You’re a Ford man, coming here
in the gulee of disinterested counsel of
an Improvement association. The min
ute* of year society show it organised
just to boost Ford. Now answer this:
Why la it you Ford peopl# ara always
prating about the great things Ford
will do, hut when some one wants to
amend the bill to specify those things,
you refuse? Why la it that Ford peo
ple In congress are controlled by euch
as you, Just as a mother hen controls
her cblcka?
“Why do you misrepresent every
thing to yosr people with the thou
sands of dollars you spend In pro-Ford
propaganda? Why do you make It
appear to be a fight between Ford and
trusts, when It isn’t, when the greatest
trust of all would be the Ford power
trust If lie’s given Muscle Shoals?
“I wouldn't vote for Muscle Shoals
for Ford If every voter in ray state
told mo to, for I think more of the
country’s welfare than I do of my own
re-election to office —and that's more
than some pro-Ford senator! can say.”
THOUGH the senate investigations
la Washington have become a good
deal of a bore, some mention must be
made of them In a review of the week.
Brookbart's committee dipped Into a
“scandal’’ concerning the conviction
and pardon of a Chicagoan who vio
lated the prohibition law, and a num
ber of witnesses were subpoenaed to
tall more a boat It. These included
Kaaeeaw m Landis, who wan <>n the
beach at the time and whose teetlmouy
was expected to be lively. The com
mittee also heard eonahierable talk
abe at failure or delay by the federal
law depart meat aader Mr. Daugherty
In prosecuting lumber manufacturers
and the International Harvester com
pany under the anti-trust statutes.
Senator Walsh and his Teapot Dome
committee didn't seem to be doing
much, but the special grand Jury be
gan Its work of investigating criminal
charges growing out of the oil Inquiry.
Former Secretary of the Navy Daniels
was the first witness.
THE senate made considerable head
way with the tax bill, and at tills
writing the principal parts of It to be
decided on are the normal and surtax
rates, over which the biggest fight Is
being waged. Senator Simmons of
North Carolina proposed, as a substi
tute for the Mellon plan, a schedule
calling for reduction of the maximum
surtax rate to 40 per cent and for a
50 per cent cut In the normal taxes on
Incomes below SB,OOO. The Democratic
senators in conference formally ap
proved of this schedule.
LAST Winter's maneuvers of the
American fleet demonstrated seem
ingly that It Is far below the ratio
provided by the Washington confer
ence treaties, according to the report
made by Admiral Ooontz, Its com
mander. The two main lessons learned
were that the fleet Is unable ts
maneuver as a unit at a speed of even
ten knots, because of the slowness of
the auxiliary vessels, and that the sub
marines completely failed to function
for fleet work. The admiral makes
many recommendations designed to
remedy conditions, these Including con
struction of airplane carriers, subma
rine and destroyer tenders, new cruis
ers, modern submarines, destroyer
squadron leaders and airplanes far use
with the fleet. The report also ad
vises that eight of the older battleehlpe
be modernised, including an increase
In the elevation of the turret guns on
those and several other ships, to re
duce the disparity In range that now
exists between our fleet and those of
Japan and Great Britain.
WARREN T. MORAY last week
lost hla position as governor of
Indiana and hla liberty for a decade.
Convicted of using the malls in a
scheme to defraud, ha was sentenced
by Federal Judge Anderson to ten
years In the penitentiary at Atlanta
and to pay a fine of SIO,OOO. The
Judge In pronouncing sentence ar
raigned the culprit scathingly, declar
ing that if McCray “lived to he aa old
as Methuselah, I could not mete out
enough punishment." McCray within
a few hours was on hla way te hla
cell
TERRIFIC storms that reached the
proportions of tornadoes swept
across the Southern states last
Wednesday, killing 113 persona Injur
ing a thousand others and doing vast
property damage. In South Carolina
the dead numbered 06, In Georgia 18
and In Alabama 11. The American Red
Cross Instantly went to the relief of
the sufferers and was aided by many
other organizations.
AFTER being delayed for days at
Chlgnlk, Alaska, by storms, Major
Martin, commander of the world-cir
cling squadron, left Wednesday to re
join his comrades at Dutch Harbor,
but up to the time of writing thia be
had not been heard from, and It waa
feared he had come to grief In a new
storm. Fishing boats were searching
along the route for his plane.
EFFORTS of the United States to
bring peace to Honduras are bear
ing fruit. The Central American gov
ernments united In n conference which
has agreed that Gen. Vicente Tosta
ahall be provisional president of Hon
duras pending the holding of new elec
tions. Meanwhile one faction of Hon
durans hfls captured Tegucigalpa, the
capital, after twelve houra of bloody
lighting.
GREAT RHITAIN, Belgium. Italy,
Japan and Yugoslavia have ac
cepted the Dawes report ou Germany,
hut France still Is jockeying for alter
ations. However, the prospects are
bright If Germany makes a prompt
start to carry out Its provisions Pre
mier Ttiennls and Foreign Minister
Hymans of Belgium ere In England
dleniiMtng the matter with Prime Min
later MacDonald American hunkers
•lend ready lo furnish half of the
$2011,000.4100 loan to Germany
SCHMAHL ENTERS RACE
FOR GOVERNORSHIP
(Continued from page 1)
rect and indirect, which at the pres
ent time so seriously handicaps every
line of business endeavor, and from
which the people, regardless of busi
ness or occupation, are so insistently
demanding relief.
“Every expenditure that is made
must be met, and the only way a re
duction of taxation can be secured is
to reduce expenditures, curb all ex
travagance and insist on as rigid econ
omy in the maintenance of state in
stitutions as is compatible with good
service. I firmly believe that, in or
der to accomplish this, we must re
turn to party responsibility in the
legislative branch of the govern
ment, as enunciated by the platform
of the Republican party of Minne
sota.
“I am of the opinion that my twen
ty years of public service, of which
people of the state are cognizant, is
better evidence that I will endeavor
to bring about economy, equity and
fairness in government, than any
statement that I might make.
Voters’ Indifference Scored
“The indifference of the people in
exercising their prerogatives of citi
zenship is appalling, and a real men
ace to the welfare of the republic—
only about 60 per cent of the voters,
as a rule, participating in the select
ive primaries. I shall devote much
of my time and effort in the coming
primary in arousing the voters to a
realizing sense of their responsibil
ity in the matter.”
Mr. Schmahl, a former newspaper
man, was elected chief clerk of the
house in the Minnesota legislature in
1901. In 1906 he was elected secre
tary of state, a position to which he
was re-elected for fourteen years un
til he retired in 1920.
Four years ago Mr. Schmahl an
nounced his candidacy for the Re
publican nominaiton for governor,
but withdrew on the eve of the Re
publican indorsing convention, charg
ing unfair tactics on the part of
Governor Preus.
Mr. Schmahl is president of the
Cosmopolitan State bank and a resi
dent of St. Paul. He is married and
has a family.
Packers and Wholesalers
Get the Lion’s Share
Washington.—Packers znd wholesal
ers get 76 cents out of every dollar
paid by consumers of meat to retail
dealers, 19 cents pays the dealers’ ex
penses, and 6 cents represents the
dealers' profit, the Department of Ag
riculture announced In making public
a survey of 143 retail meat stores In
Chicago, Cleveland and New York,
from March, 1023, to February, 1924.
Canada’s Effort to Lure
Yankee Settlers Fails
Ottawa, Opt.—Though during the
last four fiscal years Canada has spent
$1,900,000 on Immigration activities
and advertising throughout the United
States to get new settlers, the results
have been disappointing. The records
show that the arrivals from the United
States during March were only 1,401.
compared with 1,601 of March, 1923.
and 2,670 in March, 1922.
W . T. McCray Enters Cell ;
Becomes Number 17746
Atlanta, Ga. —Ex. Gov. Wnnren T.
McCray became prisoner No. 17746 In
the Atlanta federal penitentiary and
began serving his sentence of ten
years for fraudulent use of the malls.
He ulso must pay n tine of SIO,OOO
At 1:25 p. m. Thursday the Inner steel
gute of the prison closed upon the for
mer Indiana executive, pushed to by
J. P. Hayes, ulso of Indiana.
CARD OF THANKS
We wish to express our heartfelt
appreciation and sincere gratitude to
our many neighbors and friends, to
gether with the Knights and Women
of the Ku Klux Klan for their many
tokens of love and sympathy extend
ed to us during our recent bereave
ment in connection with the loss of
our beloved daughter and sister,
Grace Rachel Huffman.
W. F. Huffman,
Dorothy Huffman.
CROSS STARTLES UNDERWORLD
LARNED, KAN.. May a
fiery cross on a recent evening in
front of a house of disreputable char
acter, local Klansman made their
first public demonstration. Many
persons were attracted by the glare
of the cross.
The following morning four persons
of disreputable character left here,
and more are expected to follow.
Such persons, who remain and violate
the law, will be prosecuted.
Patronize Fiery Cross Advertisers
RETAIL JEWELERS; ATTENTION
Get our 1924 Wedding Ring Pamphlet before plac
ing order. Better rings—less Money Write today.
NORTHWESTERN JEWELRY COMPANY
27 E. 7th St., St. Paul, Minn
GOOD FOODiAT
E * T | TROCHE'S
100 EAST FIFTH STREET
Up and Down Stairs St. Paul, Minn.
E
EAT
T
PAGE FIVE
COURT TO DECIDE
IF FLAPPERS MAY
GO STOCKINGLESS
.Much Depends on Disposition of
Cnse Against Clarkesburg, West
Virginia, Girl.
CLARKSBURG, W. VA„ May 6.
Just because a widely-known hosiery
company advertises “you just know
she wears them,” is no reason to be
lieve that there is always truth in ad
vertising. And no one is more aware
of this fact than dainty Miss Rita
Varner, a typical flapper, who ap
peared on local streets today immac
ulately attired and sans stockings.
With stylish stick and ultra-fash
ionable clothes, she promenaded thft
city’s principal thoroughfares for ft
short while when she was espied by
Chief of Police Laco M. Wolfe. The
officer stopped, rubbed his eyes and
adjusted his spectacles. Yes, he was
right—no doubt about it. The girl
was not wearing any stockings. He
approached the demure little miss
and asked her if she had any stock
ings.
“Sure, lots of them at home,” she
replied. The police chief then in
formed her that she would have to
go down to police station and put up
a cash bona for appearance in po
lice court next morning.
Now comes the sad part. Police
Judge Orville L. McDonald will be
obliged to decide whether or not
Clarksburg flappers may appear in
public without stockings. Much
hinges on his decision, it is said.
Un-American Candidates
Defeated in School Vote
VALLEY FALLS, KAN., May 6
After injecting the Klan issue into
the local school board election, which •
was held recently, the opposition re
ceived a decisive defeat. Two can
didates, supported by Klansmen, were
elected by majorities of two to one.
The advertisements published and
cards distributed by the opposition
reacted in favor of representative
Americans, 98 per cent of the pa
trons having cast ballots. Among
the tactics of the opposition was the
circulating of a story that Roman
Catholic teachers would not be hired
by certain candidates if elected,
there being one Roman teacher on
the staff.
PEOPLE AltE GOING KU KLUX
FAIRMONT, MINN., April 24.—A
national Klan lecturer addressed ft
large invitational meeting here to
night. A goodly number of men and
over a hundred women petitioned
for membership in the Knights of
the Ku Klux Klan and the Women of
the Ku Klux Klan, respectively.
REPRESENTATIVE AT DULUTH
DULUTH, MINN., April 24.- The
Imperial Representative for Minne
sota spoke at an invitational meet
ing and presented the Klan princi
ples so effectively that every pros
pective candidate petitioned for
membership in the Ku Klux Klan.
KLAN FIELDMEN TO MEET
A report coming from state head
quarters indicates that a meeting of
Ku Klux Klan fieldmen is contem
plated in St. Paul soon. This meet
ing will be devoted to a study of
present needs of Klankraft in the
state.
KLAN TO MEET OUTDOORS
MINNEAPOLIS, MINN.—The North
Star Klan No. 2 will meet in its out
door Klavern shortly. A special
program is being arranged for this
get-together. A record attendance is
expected and plans are being made
accordingly.
Patronize Fiery Cross Advertisers
ST. PAUL, MINNESOTA
AMERICAN COAL COMPANY
Oar Motto: “Clean Coal, Clean
Business and Clean Weight
Mid. 0692
FOR SALE
Welding Shop
One o fthe largest and best
equipped In the Twin Cities.
$13,000.00 busluess dene In 1925.
10# per cent for a live wire.
Box 514, St. Paul, Minn.