PAGE FOUR
THE MINNESOTA FIERY CROSS
The MINNESOTA FIERY CROSS I* puMtatu-U every Friday by the Empire
Publishing Company. St. Paul. Minnesota, and will maintain a policy of staunch.
Protestant Americanism without fear or favor.
Edited. not to make up people's minds, but to shake up people’s minds: to
help mold active public opinion which will make America a proper place to live in.
News of truth kills more false news and shrivels up more ‘'bunk” than all
the earnest arguments in the world. Truth helps to clarify opinions on serious
questions by serious people.
The MINNESOTA PIKRI CROSS will strive to give the American viewpoint
on published articles and separate the dross from the pure gold in the current
news of the day.
The hmplrr Publishing Ca, Inc.. Pnblinbern
Second-class mailing rate* applied for.
Advertising Kate* Will He FnrnUbed t p«n Request
Subscription Kate, by Mall, fid# IVr tear
lead All New* Hem* and Address all liiqulrte* to til Pioneer Kulldlng. SI. Paul.
Minnesota
ELAN'S CItINiKAM FOR IfKM
1. Militant, olil'fashioncd t anti operative pal riot l»R».
S. Bark to the Constitution.
t. Enforcement of the ElKhteenth Amendment so Imiß as it Is a part of
the Constitution.
4. Enforcement of present immigration law* anti enactment of more strin
gent laws on immigration.
•TURN ABOUT Is FAIR PLAY ”
It is Indeed hard to reconcile the word? of President (.'oolidgp with hi*
apparent attitude toward the immigration bill which was passed by such an
overwhelming vote in ooth the House and the Senate
"Our first duty.” says Mr. Coolidge, “is to ourselves American standard*
must be maintained. American institutions must be preserved ”
In view of the fact that the foregoing words were uttered by our I*resl
dent, his stand on the immigration bill is peculiar. With his signature to the
immigration bill a piece of legislation will have been enacted which will blow
the breath of life into his words and make them more than mere phrasing.
In passing the immigration bill our Congress most aptly portrayed the fact
that "Our first duty is to ourselves." Congress merely reflected the sentiment
of the American people in its action and the people are now looking to
President Coolidge to sign the immigration bill
The millions of voters who put those men into office, and whose sentiment
those men mirrored by their votes, are now looking to President Coolidge to
make the immigration bill Into a law. From all reports from Washington,
President Coolidge does not favor the Immigration bill as passed and there Is
but one solution —that either the President bend to the will of the people or
exert his own power, given unto him by the people, to thwart their wishes
It is an old, and possibly homely expression, bui ‘‘Turn about is fair play."
The American people are today looking to President Coolidge to sign the
Immigration bill, and —these are the same people to whom President Coolidge
is looking, to give again Into his hands the power which he today holds, a
power by which he can veto the immigration bill (which is virtually vetoing
the will of the people), and thereby throw back into Congress a bill that was
Toted for by more than eighty per cent, of the members
An immigration law such as the bill provides will do more than anything
Imaginable to maintain the American standard of which Mr. Coolidge speaks
There is nothing possible, It would seem, that could do more to preserve our
American Institutions than this bill enacted iuto law Americans, sturdy,
staunch and intelligent, are proud of their nation, they look up to their Presi
dent for guidance and wisdom Therefore, it is not pleasant to realize that
the tnan at the head of their nation breathes empty words Quite naturally,
Americans do not readily believe that the man on whom they bestow the
greatest gift within their power, readily voices empty words Should Presi
dent Coolidge veto the immigration bill, and thereby permit the pro-alien
forces to reopen their attack on the bill, Americans must be forced to wonder
just what Mr. Coolidge meant when he said: “Our first duty is to ourselves.
American standards must be maintained. American institutions must be
preserved”
WASHINGTON AND THE COVERED
WAGON
A remark made by a schoolboy recently, and which was overheard by
his teacher, gives much food for thought. The schoolboy said: "Wouldn’t It
be gieat if George Washington could see the United States today?"
On first thought, one would be tempted to answer in the affirmative. But
After thinking it over, it takes on an entirely different aspect. Imagine
Washington, with the memory of the suffering at Valley Forge, where the
bleeding feet of his soldiers painted the snow, a bright crimson, seeing native
born Americans mobbed, shot down and brutally beaten because they had
formed themselves into an organization to preserve the liberties and ideals
for which he and his soldiers fought; for which Marion and his men lived in
marshes with only sweet potatoes for food, day after day, and sometimes not
even those; for the liberties that were bought by the sacrifice of mothers who
watched, with horrified eyes, their babes torn from them and brutally mur
dered by painted savages.
Can one Imagine Washington viewing a foreign country asking that the
Vatican intercede that Polish might be taught in our public schools? And
Polish children in America being taught to "grow up good Polish citizens.”
while native-born Americans of old stock are derided, maligned and slandered
by an American press which bows to foreign influences?
However, should Washington look down upon America, he would see the
valleys stretching away from his Virginia until they merged Into gigantic
mountains beyond which mighty cities have sprung along the Pacific Coast
There he would see a teeming civilization hewn from a wilderness by hardy
pioneers who faced the poisoned dart of the red man, the ravages of disease
and the hardships of a new country. There It is that the trail of the covered
wagon ended and the pioneers began building for themselves and their pos
terity. This posterity has come down the decades living by American stand
ards, but today is facing tbe peril of a competition with subjects of another
aatlon (men wbo cannot become citizens of America), and whose standards
are such that the American working man cannot compete with them in tbe
matter of wages. Little by little these foreigners have encrouched on Amer
icans; their government has demanded the right that they continne to do so
and that America pass no law to stop the increase of their numbers.
A bill, not only to stop them, but to stop the foreign Influx from all
points of the world, Is now before a man seated In the chair first occupied by
George Washington. It is interesting to surmise just what Washington would
do if he still occupied that chair.
THAT "LACK OF FUNDS"
Ceaselessly do the reports come from all parts of the country that there
Is “a lack of school funds.” One of the latest is from Des Moines, lowa,
where the governor Is taking a hand. While it is a repetition in this column,
It must again be said that It is inconceivable that such an important instltu
tlon as the public schools, Is invariably “lacking funds.” Americans—Araerl
cans as a whole—must sooner or latter awaken to the fact that the uniform
lack of school funds throughout the country Is not merely the result of
chance.
A systematized effort to break down the public school system has been
going on for years Every method has been used; a “lack of funds” now
seems to be the favorite weapon. If the schools in your city or county lack
funds, sift out the reason and remedy it Watch your vote when you go to the
polls to elect men who control these schools Once again. In tbe words of
Oaorge Washington, “Let none but Americans be put on guard ”
The Woman’s Attltuds
Moat women are stronger tor honest law enforcement than moat men
At the convention of the Woman’s National Committee for Law Enforcement
hold In Washington women prominant In political, social and religious life
avowed their attitude toward the Constitution sad demanded better enforce
•ant of law
Klaaolshaos la Ilka religion—you can’t keep any more ibsn you can use
Sparks from the Fiery Cross
By John Eight Point
"The noblest motive is the public good. "—Virgil
The lawbreaker* cannot understand
that more than one eye sees their acts
and that Justice find* them out. The
eyes of the Klan are penetrating and
übiquitous
Instead of taking up the Fiery
Cross and following it to safety, a
good many people gei iuto trouble
by tryiug to follow a non-illuuii-
Mating cross of Ihelr own poor
making
Japan's naval display tu China is too
far away to impress the staunch Amer
(can
*
There are more than 18.000.000 Ro
man Catholics in the United States.
They cannot be Christianized They
will not hold the true American idea of
public schools and freedom in religious
worship What are you going to do
with them? Turn over to them the
reins of local and national govern
ment?
♦
There is something wrong with a
Klansman when he forgets that the
first and greatest Americans had a
place in their hearts for prayer as well
as politics
*—
Wall Street Is betting on Al Smith’s
chames A bet on the scarcity of
bananas would be safer
A headline announces that
Poles and Pope Revive Bigotry in
the Old World." According to the
Klan wav of thinking the old
world is the best place to revive it
If It must be revived
*
Hearst's "expose" of the Klan has
fizzled to nothing. It is as purile as
Capt Wm. Morgan's attempt a century
ago to "expose” the Masons
*
THE SPIRIT THAT BUILDS
Since the Klan came into real life
and being there has been a new vigor
in Protestantism—a kind of stern and
hopeful righteousness and a fresh
striving after the fruits of the spirit.
Throughout the Protestant church, it
is said, there has been an almost un
believable Increase in membership and
practical interest in church work. The
church, as well as Protestant fraternal
ism, can honor the Klan for the splen
did attempt it has made to organize
the militant spiritual life of the coun
try into a service that builds not only
right religion but Protestant education
and training in school and home
*
“Mule” and “moon” twist the steps
of many who do not walk the Klan’s
pathway.
CONSIDER HISTORY
Consider history. In all Europe,
Asia, and Africa, in the 17th and 18th
centuries there was but one race that
possessed sufficient training and spir
itual as well as physical stamina to
plunge into the wilderness of the new
world and establish cities and homes.
This race was the fruitage of the long
Aryan line —the flower of the best the
ages had given to the world. While
the Jews followed with their usury
and peddler’s pack—while the Spanish
and French drank and adventured
without true colonizing power—the
sturdy English and Scotch-Irlsh made
their way under adverse conditions
into the very heart of forest and wil
derness. Every farm broken out of
the woods by the strong arm of the
home-makers became a permanent
foothold for the first Americans, and
soon it sent its brood of sons and
daughters to occupy new fertile lands.
Thence sprang the progressive and
mighty colonizing hosts of which our
ancestors were a part—thence, too, the
mighty tower-topping wails of oar new
world industrial supremacy
*
The arbitrary policy of the Ro
man church in Austria shows what
might happen in America if the
pope could rule. It is said that
Austrian observers attribute all of
the failings of the present govern
ment to the Influence of the Ro
man clergy. Roman nurses, it is
alleged, now refuse to succor Prot
estants at hospitals in Austria.
Certain uecessary operations art
’’forbidden” by the church.
* —
Seif love is a heavy load to carry.
The Fiery Cross is a light burden and
a burden of light.
The present type of immigrant le
inferior. Formerly we received trades
men, mechanics and some professional
people; today there are few man com-
ing into America from alien countries
who are equipped to make an honest
living. Many come here to make
“moon” and nothing else. This fact
has been clarified by the Investigatione
of those who questioned Immigrants
before they embarked.
MUST TURN*TO ACTION
In aach one of the thousands of
Klin lodges we have s rendezvous for
righteousness. Rut we must turn
apathy Into action. The whole world
faces a new crisis, end America and
her loyalists must be ready to bring*
the crisis to <t succesful termination, j
Our government muet contribute to the
world a nation In wblcb thorn la a
minimum of illiteracy, poverty and
THE FIERY CROSS
crime. The righteous purpose of the
Klan is clear.
I>o you know that the American
consulates in foreign countries are
said to be dominated by Roman
workers? In other words, do you
know that Rome selects our type
of immigrants? The un-American
viewpoint dominates at our consu
lates abroad. You'll find Catholic
stenographers, clerks and secretar
ies holding dow n jobs What are
you going to do about this, Klans
meu?
a
JOHNNY TELLS SECRETS
My fo’kes has got th' Jineln’ bug,
They’re strong fer church an’ lodge;
You hear 'em talk frum dawn to dark
Ov goats an' what they dodge;
But lately they're uiysteeryus
In wot they do an' say,
So 1 judge they got th' Big Idee
Wot’s hit Americay.
My pa, he is a Mason true.
With square an' letter "G.”
My brother Pete, the oldest one,
He's quite a strong K. P
My sister Sue's an Eastern Star,
A Becky’s sister Nan,
But oncet she said straight out at me,
“l wisht I wuz a Klan.”
My Uncle Philip, he's a Moose,
He’s got a pleasin' face;
But Uncle Ike's a Red Man fierce—
He warwhoops ever' place.
And Uncle Joe’s a York quite stern,
Though once I heard his Fan
Tell Bessie—she’s a D. of R
"He’s thinkln’ ’bout th' Klan.
My gran’pa he's aristocrat,
Fo’kes hangs upon his word,
I’ve heerd Pa whisper like in church
’Son, he's a thirty-third .’’
But oncet when we wuz out to mill.
My gran’»ia winked at L>an;
“It’s purty good an' dark tongiht,
Le's go an jlne the Klan ”
My fo’kes has got th’ jinein’ bug—
Most ev'ry night they’re out,
A-ridin’ some odd kind o' goat
In lodges hereabout;
But my ma laughs an’ sez, sex she;
“I wisht we wuz a man,
Fer If we wux we’d go an' Jlne
The fam-i-ous Ku Klux Klan.”
*
BOY! PAGE MR. VOLSTEAO
Can’t you just picture some halry
fißted old patriarch coming np and
slapping Moses on the back and shout
ing out ror all Israel to hear; “Now.
Moses, this law business Is all right.
I’m for it. Fact is. I never did steal
much of my neighbor’s manna anyway.
But when you make it a law that a
man must not steal, why don’t you see,
all the young nabobs in the desert are
Just naturally going to go out and
steal. Of course, it’s not right to steal,
but if a man sees a fellow with a
better looking piece of manna than he
has, why it’s his business if he wants
to go and get it. You can’t Interfere
with personal liberty. And, besides,
Moses, you can’t enforce such a law.
There’ll be more stealing than there
is now, mark my word.” Human na
ture hasn’t changed much, has it,
Klansmen?
A KLANSMAN'S CREED.
/ believe in God and in the
tenets of the Christian religion and
that a Godless nation can not long
prosper.
I believe that a church that is
not grounded on the principles of
morality and justice is a mockery
to God and to man.
I believe that a church that does
not have the welfare of the com
mon people at heart is unworthy.
I believe in the eternal separa
tion of church and state.
7 hold no allegiance to any for
eign government, emperor, king,
pope or any other foreign, political
or religious power.
1 hold my allegiance to the Stars
and Stripes next to my allegiance
to Ood alone.
I believe in just laws and liberty.
I believe in the upholding of the
Constitution of these United States.
I believe that our free public
school is the cornerstone of good
government and that those who
are seeking to destroy if are ene
mies of our Republic and are un
worthy of citizenship. «
7 believe in freedom of speech.
7 believe in a free press uncon
trolled by political parties or by
religious sects.
7 believe in law and order.
7 believe in the protection of our
pure womanhood.
7 do not believe in mob violence,
but 7 do believe that laws should
be enacted to prevent the causes of
mob violence.
7 believe in a closer relationship
of capital and labor.
7 believe in the prevention of tin
warranted strikes by foreign labor
agitators.
7 believe in the. limitation of for
sign immigration.
t am a native-born American
eitieen and I believe my rights in
th*s country ore superior le those
of foreigners.
Under The Dome
(Bureau of Publication and Educa
tion).
WASHINGTON, D. C., May 6.—lf
you want to know just how the peo
ple of the Pacific coast feel about
the immigration bill and the Japan
ese exclusion clause read the follow
ing editorial from the Seattle Star:
"At last, it seems, the white man
is to have a chance in his native
land. Both the United States House
of Representatives and the Senate
have in no uncertain terms called
Japan's bluff. The immigration bill,
with the Japanese exclusion clause,
has gained the approbation of both
houses of congress, in spite of Jap
iireats and traitorous pro-Jap ac
ion on the part of some Americans
Aho pose as statesmen.
‘‘For years the Seattle Star, al
most single-handed, has been flght
ng for just that thing Barring of
Oriental immigration marks victory.
"There is no doubt concerning the
lunger of unrestricted Japanese im
migration There is no question of
he Mitsui chicanery, as evidenced
n the Standard Aircraft cases,
"hese things being as they are, Just
vhy did a lot of newspapers betray
he white race: Failure to take up
ind fight the white man's battle for
ownership of his native land was
just that.
“We have a most excellent ex
ample of it right here in Seattle.”
BURN SCHOOL BUILDINGB
Has it come to the point where
enemies of the American people,
American government, American in
stitutions dare carry their feelings
as far as incendiarism? There have
been 'l3 public school buildings
burned in the State of Colorado in
the last f»w months, under very sus
picious circumstances. It is charged
that these fires were incendiary.
It would be hard to conceive of a
greater crime than deliberately
burning a school building—criminal
ly taking away from our school chil
dren the opportunities of an educa
tion. It la such a dastardly crime
that there seems to be no adequate
punishment by law for it. A crea
ture who would commit such an act
as this, is as bestial and Inhuman as
an assassin.
The Denver Post has offered a re
ward of SI,OOO in cash for the ar
rest and conviction of any one who
wantonly burns or has burned a
school building in the State of Colo
rado. It appears as though the fiend
who has been burning these school
buildings goes from one town to an
other and watches his opportunities
to burn school buildings, and then
leaves Immediately.
KEEP AMERICA WHITE
“Keep the U. S White,” is a slo
gan with “The Protestant” for
vfarch, which certainly proves eon
luslvsly that essential combinations
ire as follows: “Protestantism and
Progress, N which is offset by “Ro
manism sad Reaction.”
“The Protestant” proves Us point
with Iwo maps; one shews the
United States as a white map. it is
Protestant, has the public schools
and the illiteracy in the United
States is only 8 per cent, minus.
That makes the United States white.
The other black map shows the
countries of Mexico, Central America
and South America, all Roman Cath
olic, they have (he parochial schools
and the illiteracy in those countries
is 65 per cent. plus.
This comparison may be odious
but it is not so to Protestant Amer
ica. Facts and figures speak louder
than words.
POPE AND POLAND
An Associated Press dispatch from
Warsaw in the Chicago Tribune
stated that the Diet of Roman Cath
olic Poland had caused its diplomatic
envoy to the Vatican to ask the Pope
to oppose the “systematic American
ization of Poles" in this country.
Tn that dispatch it requests the
Holy See to use its influence with
the Catholic hierarchy in the United
States to permit the continued use
of the Polish language in Polish
Catholic churches and parochial
schools and to STOP the “systematic
Americanization of the Poles.”
All of which causes a Klansman
to ask: “What has the Pope to say
about it anyway? Why Americanize
them? Why let them in at all?"
They can never be assimilated
DIFFICULT TO PRONOUNCE
Picked at random from one day’s
list of appointments to commissions
in the Officers’ Reserve Corps at the
War Department, appears the follow
ing names:
Harold Simmelkjaer, Johann Ciss
na, Adrien Ferdinand Le Tarte, Thor
Wangberg, Robert Coelts, Abrahan*
Lazarus Kushner, Simplicimo Var
gas, Carl Kapka, William O’Leary,
Solomon Goldstein, Carl Lohr and
Heber Sotzin.
These fellows think they are
Americans; perhaps they are by
adoption; but the point is that they
are commissioned to enter the great
citizens’ army of this country and
vittl fight the next war If It comes.
This list of names smacks of almost
every nationality in the world.
Is It any wonder the Klan and
others are fighting tor restricted Im
migration laws?
CHALLENGES KLAN LEADER
Edward E. Carroll, Past Chancel
lor of the Barrett Council, Knights
of Columbus, whose membership em
braces northern Hudson county,
New Jersey, has announced that he
had challenged Joseph L. Harvey,
Exalted Cyclops of the Hsmllton
Klan of the Ku Klux Klan, which
also holds forth In north Hudson, to
a debate on “Americanism ”
In a letter which he mailed to Mr,
Harvey, Carroll offered to meet the
Klan leader on twenty-four hours'
notice to debate with him In public
(he positions of their respective or
ganisations on the subject topic,
Think of g K. C. wanting to tnlk
on "Americanism.”
Friday, May 16,1924
The Golden Rule And The
Fiery Cross
There's an old story that most folks
have heard at some time or other, but
many have forgotten and it goes like
this: After the world got itself to
gether and on its feet again after the
big dip, the smart folks thought they
would build a tower high enough and
strong enough to keep their feet dry
if ever the world got down under
again. So they started to build —but
you know what happened. Everything
went on peacefully and smoothly for
a while; then they all got to fussing
and quarreling so much about the way
in which it should be built, the cor
rect measurments and so on, that tha
contractors simply had to give up the
job.
A lot of people never knew what
started the trouble. But this is what
happened. The architect in all of his
drawings and plans used a very choice
kind of measuring tool known as the
Golden Rule, and that is what he rec
ommended to the builders. As long
as they used it, they got along first
rate, but some of the hasty ones
thought they could work a little faster
if each fellow had his own rule, so
they made their own, and by and by
the crash came.
Now the plans for that tower are
still good and the Golden Rule is lying
around somewhere in the rubbish, a
little tarnishfd, no doubt, but if folks
would only find it, polish it up a bit
and then start using it, that tower
could still be built. The Klan is en
deavoring to help folks of all types
and minds to find that Golden Rule in
America. It built the Fiery Cross by
means of it.
Catholicizing the Negro
Between the Harlem river and 143rd
street is the largest community of
negroes in the world. No other city,
either in Europe or America, has so
large a negro section as New York.
The census of 1920 gave the number
at 150,000. Probably the annual gain
in tlie last four years has been almost
20,000. At conservative estimates
this section now numbers more than
200,000 colored people.
Recognizing this as a fertile field
for missionary endeavor, the Roman
Catholic Church is now conducting n
well financed and vigorous campaign
to bring its religion prominently Into
this section. Already several Catholle
churches have been established In thn
community. Although the negro, as n
whole, by previous experience and
training, Is Protestant in his faith and
affiliations, the effort of Romanism to
entrench Itself in this Harlem strong
hold Is vigorous and progressive. Hav
ing the Interests of the negro at heart,
Protestants will no doubt do all la
t heir power to restrain the noxious Im
pulses of Romanism. It Is said that
the Federation of Churches of Oreatsr
New York Is giving some attention ts
the situation and will do all In Its
power to cops with tbs Catholljj ad
vances toward the negro, who has
shared with the white race all the
mental unrest end emotional struggles
that have marked the last few y*tra%
• •