PAGE FOUR
THE MINNESOTA FIERY CROSS
The MINNESOTA FI ICR Y CROSS is published every Friday by the Empire
Publishing Company. St. Paul. Minnesota, and will maintain a policy of staunch.
Protestant Americanism without fear or favor.
Edited, not to make up people’s minds, hut to shake up people's minds; to
help mold active public opinion which will make America a proper place to live In.
Nevys of truth kills more false news and shrivels up more •’bunk” than all
the earnest arguments in the world. Truth helps to clarify opinions on serious
questions by serious people.
The MINNESOTA FIERY CROSS will strive to give the American viewpoint
on published articles and separate the dross from the pure gold in the current
news of the day.
The Empire Publishing Co., lee.. Publishers
Second-class mailing rates applied for.
Advertising Rates Will Be Furnished I pon Request
Subscript lon Rate, by Malt. 52.00 Per Year
Send All News Items and Addrcsa all Inqnlrles to 614 Pleueer Building. SI. Paul.
Minnesota
= '-’•*£^ , === ' -='■=
KLAN’S PROGRAM FOR 1924
1. .Militant, old-fashioned Christianity and operative patriotism.
2. Bark to the Constitution.
S. Enforcement of the Eighteenth Amendment so lonjr as It Is a part of
the Constitution.
4. Enforcement of present Immigration laws and enactment of more
stringent laws on Immigration.
Divine Guidance
“One. with God and right on his side, can win any battle!* That is the
keynote of the entire Klan movement which is sweeping the United States.
It was enunciated Sunday in Des Moines, by Dr. Hiram W. Evans, Imperial
Wizard, who addressed three meetings.
The Klan. composed of Protestant, native-born, white, gentile American
men. no matter how small their numbers, can win any battle, provided they
teek their guidance in God and their cause is just.
Surely the cause of the Klan is just, or it would not have prospered as
it has in the last few years. Under the leadership of a man of Dr. Evans
type, who clearly visualizes the spiritual side of patriotism and citizenship,
the Klan is bound to continue to prosper.
The entire history of the United States is a carrying out, a proof posi
tive of a great divine law: “one, with God ?nd right on his side, can win
any battle.” The colonies, against great odds, fighting for a just cause,
with God on their side, defeated the mother country and gained their in
dependence. The Civil war, fought over a just cause, that of human free
dom, was won against odds, because the North had God on its side. And
many times in the history of the nation and in the histories of the separate
commonwealths have similar crises arisen, when the right prevailed, al
though the forces of the wrong crowded down in overwhelming numbers.
Indeed, the municipal election in Des Moines, which centered about the
office of public safety, was a victory for right. During the entire campaign
it did appear as though the forces of the underworld, with huge sums of
money available, the press on their side snd ostensibly all indications point
ing in their favor, would triumph. But instead the candidate representing
the underworld went down in ignominious defeat.
The enemies of the Klan. and some Des Moines ministers declare that
the organization is un-Christian and un-American. Mark well the words of
the Klan’s leader, when asked about the municipal election in Des Moines:
“Get down on your knees and talk with God that He may aid you in
choosing the man most truthful, honest and upright.”
Are these words from the mouth of a man who leads a hooded criminal
band? Do these words sound un-American or un-Christian? The same ad
rice was lived up to by Americans—leaders and citizens —in years past, and
saved the country from many a pitfall. As Dr. Evans made clear, that is
the only way America can be set on the right track today. That is the
only method real Americans can pursue to get back to the ideals of the fore
fathers and follow their plan for the operation of national affairs.
The local newspapers claim that the entire Klan ticket in Des Moines
was defeated except the candidate for superintendent of safety. Be that
as it may, there are thousands of people in Des Moines who know that the
Klan is here. In other words, that there is an organized element for right
anrf justice, as well as an organized underworld. This election was the
first in which they have co-operated as one. And indeed, with God and
right on their side they made a victorious showing.
School Text Books
Public education is popularly supposed to be free education. But free
education which requires the purchase of textbooks by scholars is not free.
So argued the proponents of free text books a hundred years ago and so they
have argued since. Their arguments have had much effect, since today 41
states and the district of Columbia have laws of one sort or another regard
ing free books for public schools.
Six states provide school books at state expense, buying them directly
from the state treasury. In thirteen states the laws make the purchase of
books by local authorities mandatory, thus making each community pay for
its own books through local taxation. In twenty-one states, school funds
may be used for the purchase of free books. Some states furnish all books
free; others furnish books for the lower grades and have high school pupils
furnish their own.
There seems to be no reason why a pupil should buy a book, when the
authorities do not require him to buy a desk, or pay a teacher. All three
are part of the mechanics of teaching. But there is always the question of
foolish economy to be considered, and the foolish economist wants to use a
state furnished book until it wears out, and to issue and use all the supply
bought, even if a new and much better book is available. There is some
.uing to be said on both sides of the question, at least where the higher
grades are concerned. Meanwhile, it is obvious that there is no child so
poor hut what he can gel his education, book and all, at public expense,
thanks to the spread of the idea that books should be as available as teach,
era and schools.
HOLD KLONKLAVE AT
ATLANTA ON APRIL 3
More Than 200 Men Will Be Ini*
tinted in the Knights of th&
Kn Klnx Klan
ATLANTA, GA, April 1- The first
open-air ceremonial to be held this
year by any of the Atlanta Klans
will take place April 3, when the
members of John B. Gordon Klan No.
91 assemble at Piedmont Park to na
turalize a large class of aliens.
The naturalization ceremony will
begin promptly at eight o’clock. The
public, though kept far enough away
as to preclude their hearing any
part of the ritual, will be allowed to
witness the spectacle.
John B. Gordon is one of the ban
ner Klans of the Imperial city, and
seldom does a naturalization night
roll around that doesn’t find a hall
full of good citizens seeking entrance
to the organization through the por
tals of its klavern. The officers are
authority for the statement that
this naturalization will witness the
passage of more than two hundred
worthies from the land of divided en
deavor to the delectable bounds of
the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan.
Look For 50,000
Legionnaires at
St. Paul Meeting
ST. PAUL, MINN., March 26. -
The national convention of the
American Legion, which will be held
in St. Paul, September 15 to 19, will
be attended bv between 50,000 and
125,000 visitors, according to Carl L.
Anderson, commissioner of affairs
for the St. Paul association, who re
turned this morning from the Le
gion’s national headquarters at In
dianapolis.
“The convention will be held right
at the break of the presidential
campaign,” said he. “I was told that
politicians will be watching closely
any official actions the Legion might
take and that newspaper correspon
dents from every metropolitan paper
in the United States will be here.
For the reason that the meet will be
held at this time it is difficult to es
timate the crowd.”
Mr, Anderson declared an adver
tising campaign, more extensive than
any yet held by the Legion before an
annual convention, soon will be under
way with St. Paul as the publicity
center, A bureau for the purpose is
soon to be established in the St. Paul
association rooms.
ANOTHER “WHO'S THROUGH IN AMERICA”
Indeed, the Des Moines municipal
election taught a few public men that
it is not the best policy to come out
and fight an organization of native
born, white, Gentile, Protestant men
and women, in the hope of gaining a
few paltry votes of racial and relig
ious minorities. While Frank J. Harty,
underworld candidate for superinten
dent of public safety, openly fought
the Klan, he was not so blatant in
his assertions as was Attorney C. H.
KNOXVILLE HIGH
SCHOOL TEACHER
DENOUHCES KLAN
Parents Declare Action May
Be Taken to Stop Spread
of Opinions
Order Is Greatest Organized
Froee Todray Supporting
Publie Schools
KNOXVILLE, IA., March 26.—Par
ents of high school pupils in this
community are enraged against the
activities of a certain teacher who
has been forcing her opinions, rela
tive to the merits and demerits of
the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan
upon her pupils.
In the course of a recent history
lesson the young woman teacher
talked against the KLui, stating that
the order is and that
personally she would have nothing to
do with anyone who belonged to it.
This teacher is the only one on the
staff of the local high school who has
so far sought to inculcate her pri
vate opinions into the minds of her
pupils.
Investigation by irate parents of
pupils who were reputed to have
heard the remarks proved that there
was no call for a discussion of this
order in the course of the lesson, but
that a mere incident was apparently
deliberately seized by the teacher
thus to vent her personal disapprov
al of the order and at the same time
to implant a similar dislike in the
minds of her pupils.
Some of the parents intimate that
this is but a part of the systematic
efforts this same teacher has been
making to abuse her position by leav
ing timely hints to impress the
minds of her youthful pupils, not on
ly concerning the Ku Klux Klan, but
also in regard to a number of other
pro-American movements and events
which did not meet with her person
al approval.
In the event such charges disclose
this teacher to be exceeding hr legal
authority, it is stated that steps may
be taken to ask her removal from the
faculty.
A canvass of approximately 100
Klansmen whose children attend the
Knoxville high school resulted in
the practically unanimous evidence
of indignation over the incident and
a strong disapproval of a teacher’s
so bringing tne fair name of their
great school into disrepute. They
are proud of their school, and they
atate that they propose to see that
only teachers are in that school who
will be truthful as well as fair
minded.
Every informed American citizen
knows that the greatest organised
force in America today In support of
the public school is the Ku Klux
Klan.
THE FIERY CROSS
Johnston. Johnston spread all the
old, threadbare propaganda about the
Klan that has been hashed and re
hashed since the organization came
into being. He declared that “we
will see what strength the hooded or
der has after election.” He saw, and
so aid many other Des Moines people.
Attorney Johnston and Harty have
«one the way of ex-Governor “Jack”
falton of Oklahoma, ex-Governor
Parker of Louisiana, and Chief of Po-
Endeavorers to
Hold Convention
April 11 to 13
The sixth district lowa Christian
Endeavor union will hold its seventh
annual convention in the Capitol Hill
Church of Christ from April 11 to
13, it was announced Tuesday by Roy
M. Smith, president.
One thousand and six hundred En
deavors from the counties of Dallas,
Polk, Jasper, Madison and Warren
will be in attendance.
Rev. Harold G. Barr will have
charge of the devotions and song ser
vice.
Some of the speakers on the pro
gram are: C. C. Dillavou, Des Moines;
J. H. Hampshire, Granger, Iowa;
J. E. Freeman, Liberia, Africa, and
others.
Conferences will be held in the af
ternoons during the convention by
frominent Endeavorer workers of
owa.
A banquet will be served on Sat
urday evening at 6:15 with Guy P.
Leavitt, general secretary of Council
Bluffs as toastmaster.
A KLANSMAN’S CREED
I believe in God and in the ten
ets of the Christian religion and
that a godless nation can not long
prosper.
I believe that a church that is
not grounded on the principles of
morality and justice is a mockery
to God and man.
I believe that a church that does
not have the •welfare of the com
mon people at heart is unworthy.
1 believe in the eternal separa
tion of Church and Stute.
/ hold no allegiance to any for
eign government, emperor, king,
pope or any other foreign, politi
cal or religious power.
I hold my allegiance to the Stars
and Stripes next to my allegiance
to God alone.
I believe in just laws and liberty.
I believe in the upholding of the
Constitution of these United States.
I believe that our Free Public
School is the comer stone of good
government and that those who are%
seeking to destroy it are enemies
of our Reimblic and are unworthy
of citizenship.
1 believe in freedom of speech.
/ believe in a free press uncon
trolled by political parties or by
religious sects.
I believe in law and order.
I believe is t the protection of our
pure womanhood.
/ do not believe in mob tnolence,
but l do believe that laws should
be enacted to prevent the causes
of mob violence.
I believe in a rinser relationship
of capital and labor.
I believe in the prevention of
unwarranted strikes by foreign la
bor agitators.
/ believe in the limitation of for
eign immigration.
I am a native-born American cit
izen and I beiinv my rights in this
country are superior to those of
foreigners.
lice K. E. OBrien of Springfield,
Ohio, who arrested everyone that
looked like a Klansman. In the above
cartoon, drawn by the 9taff artist of
The Fiery Cross, it will be noted
that the klansman has a determined
look on his face and means business—
he means to knock down at least one
other puppet of hidden interests now
in view, Governor Al-cohol Smith of
New York, who would be a candidate
for president on the Democratic
ticket.
ARREST FIERY CROSS
KENT IN SIOUX CITY
William W. Buss Imprisoned for
Two Hours Before Charge
Is Placed
9
(BULLETIN)
SIOUX CITY, IA„ April I.—W. W.
Iluss, newsboy for The lona Fiery
Cross, arrested here last Saturday on
a charge of disturbing the peace, was
sentenced to 12 hours In jail and as
sessed a tine of $5 and costs. Russ was
at tlrst assessed only the Jine, but
when he objected to the court, after
the court had courteously reprimand
ed him. he was given the prison sen
tence.
(Special Telegram)
SIOUX CITY. IA.. March 29.- Wil
liam Wilson Buss, special agent for
The lowa Fiery Cross was arrested
here today while selling his papers on
the street, on a charge of disturbing
the peace. *
Buss was standing in front of the
J. A. Todd drug store at Fourth and
Pierce streets, selling his papers. He
was not shouting any louder than the
newsboys for the Sioux City papers,
yet he was singled out for arrest.
G. A. Fitzgibbons, * a news dealer,
who was opposed to seeing The lowa
Fiery Cross sold on the streets of the
city, attempted to start an argument
with Buss. When this failed, Fitz
gibbons complained to Officer Ter
hune, who made the arrest. At first
Officer Terhune told Buss to move
on, and then took him to police
headquarters. At the time he said
nothing about placing The Fiery
Cross agent under arrest. At head
quarters Buss was searched and was
not allowed to count his papers. He
was held in the city prison two hours
before a cash bail oi sls was put up
for his release.
A hearing on the charge will be
held Tuesday morning* before Muni
cipal Judge Carlos Goltz. Buss will
be represented in court by counsel.
It is a strang condition that ex
ists in Sioux City. Gambling dens,
one of them with a steel tower, and
almost police proof, bootleg dives
and disorderly houses are allowed to
operate without molestation from the
“valient” police. But for a native
born American citizen to appear on
the streets selling a Ku Klux Klan
newspaper is evidently an arch
crime.
Buss has been working out of the
Des Moines office of The lowa Fiery
Cross breaking street sales in many
Hawkeye cities. He has already vis
ited Waterloo, Davenport and Du
buaue. At the latter place he was
picked up by the police, all of whom
are opposed to the Klan in that city.
But when it was learned that the
Klan newspaper agent had been to
the city clerk and ascertained that
there were no laws to prevent him
from selling his papers, he was re
leased.
Buss' arrest at Sioux City is uni
que in that he was imprisoned for
two hours before he was notified of
the charge against him.
Patronise Fiery Cross Advertisers
CITIZENS MUST VOICE STAND
ON IMMIGRATION BILL NOW
The Voice, Publication of Methodist Episcopal Church,
Says Alleged Discrimination Against Southern Euro
peans is “Justified and Necessary.”
Every American Should Have Interest in Matter from Standpoint
of Law Enforcement if Not for Preservation of Country, Says
Religious Paper.
(Bureau of Publication and Edncatlon)
WASHINGTON, D. C., March 26.—1 f Klansmen are to do any
thing in the way of helping solve the immigration question in this
congress, right now is the time to act. The fight comes up in the
house of representatives about April 1, and will probably be on all
week. Use the wire at once. Wire your senator and congressman
what you stand for and what you want them to do for you in this
matter.
If this thing is not yet clear in
your mind, read what The Voice, a
publication for the Methodist church,
has to say on thfe subject. It is as
follows:
“The senate committee on immi
gration does not approve the house
immigration measure which provid
ed for quotas of two per cent on the
basis of the 1890 census. The senate
committee thinkd this is ‘unfair’ to
Italians, Russians, Jews, and other
Latin and Slav races and proposes two
per cent on the basis of tne 1910 cen
sus.
Hare American Ideas
“Of course, using the 1890 census
is an effort to discriminate in favor
of intelligent Protestant, Gentile im
migrants. The discrimination is jus
tified and necessary. The old Ameri
can element and similar races have
been the custodian of the principles
of Americanism. Now they find
themselves being crowded dangerous
ly near to the minority line. To
crowd them any further will inevit
ably arouse in their ranks an anti-
Jewish, anti-Catholic, anti-Latin, an
ti-Slav sentiment which will injure
the Jews. Catholics, Latins and Slavs
already here, as well as the native
Americans who will have abandoned
themselves to an undemocratic sen
timent.
“If you are interested in this mat
ter, we advise you to wire your sena
tor and tell him what you think
ought to be done. You have an in
terest in the matter from the stand
point of law enforcement, if from no
other standpoint. Just an illustra
tion. A news story today says that
40 representatives of congress have
agreed .that each will introduce a bill
to legalize the sale of intoxicating
beer. The representatives are named.
Consulting our records we find that
12 of them are Roman Catholic, 1 was
INJUNCTION GRANTED
Former Klan Official* May Not
Use Regalia or Signs of
Organization
CHICAGO, ILL., March 31.- When
the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan,
Realm of Illinois, sought through
the Grand Dragon to protect its
property and secrets from disloyal
individuals who are seeking to wreck
the organization, they were success
ful in their plea for an injunction
before Judge Francis Wilson of the
circuit court here.
This writ, served on former offi
cials and members of the Klans No.
6, and No. 16, restrains all of the de
fendants from disposing of all pro
perty, monies and paraphernalia ol
the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan and
from holding any meetings purport
ing to be meetings of the Knights of
the Ku Klux Klan until the further
order of court.
A further order was entered grant
ing defendants until the April term
to render a full, true and complete
accounting to the Knights of the Ku
Klux Klan of ail monies, property
and paraphernalia belonging to it.
Patronize Fiery Cross Advertisers
The Four Horsemen Fireworks Co.
GUARANTEES LARGE ATTENDANCE
Let Us Help Yoor Committee Arrange Your Program
Address
515 Polk Building Des Moines, lowa
Perhaps You Have Heard
Some of the Compliments
$7.50 and SB.OO
Shoes for Men
When you see them you’ll realize not a
a single statement was exaggerated
Ask to See Our Boys* Shoes at $4.50
jwmiacalwoa
DES MOINES, IOWA
Between
Grand
and Loeust
Friday, April 4,1924 i
reared a Roman Catholic, 5 are Jews,
4 are members of no church, 1 is s
Socialist, and he happens to be Vic
tor Bergar, who, you may remember,
was not killed or wounded in the late
war.
20 More Against It
“Since the first news story was nub
lished, Representative Hill, of Mary
land, announces that 20 additional
members of congress will join in the
movement. These 20 additional in
clude 11 Roman Catholics from New
York and one from New Jersey, and 2
sons of Abraham from the metropolis.
“While the Jews and Catholics num
ber only about 10 per cent of the
memership of the house of represen
tatives they constitute 55 per cent of
the men favoring this nullification
movement.
“If we continue to import Roman
Catholics, Jews and Socialists of the
European type, what chance have we
to settle any other problem in a tru
ly American way?”
North Carolina Klan
Increases Membership
WINSTON-SALEM, N. C., Marcb3l.
—Winston-Salem Klan has recently
increased its membership by some
thing over 200. The meetings of the
Klan are attended with much en
thusiasm. A Klan band is in process
of organization, and the goal now is
to have the best Klan in western
Carolina. The band will be offered
to other Klans for ceremonial pur
poses, especially those in the wester
ly part of the state.
The enthusiasm of the members is
most pronounced, and nothing but
loyalty to the order is now discuss
ed.
COL. FRANK WARREN
GENERAL AUCTIONEER
Call me before selling private
Address
Phone 2718 Dean Ave.,
Maple 1772-W Des Moines, lowa
CLASSIFIED COLUMN
Advertisements under this head will
be published at the rate of 15 cents
a line, six average words to the line;
minimum charge 60 cents.
Copy must be in this office by noon
on Monday of publication week.
CHICKS from pure bred flocks that
will make you fine KLUCKERS,
prices right also hatch your eggs
at 6 cents per chick.—Pharis
Hatchery, Albia, lowa.
DARK CORNISH EGGS. They hatch
Krowers, Kacklers, and Kluckers.
$3.00 per 30. SB.OO per hundred.
Satisfaction assured. Address, Fos
ter Williams, Lacona, lowa.
STEN-BKR—Five years experience.
Minneapolis preferred. Mrs. C. A.
Rode, 808 Cromwell St., St. Paul,
Minn.
OFFICE EQUIPMENT Bargains,
Underwood 5 $45; Visible machine
$25; Todd checkwriter $10; F. & E.
checkwriter 5. Market 2114, 322
Frankel Bldg.
ON MY
Between
Grand
and Locust