PAGE TWO
THE MINNESOTA FIERY CROSS
The MINNESOTA FIERY CROSS is published every Friday by the Empire
Publishing Company, St. Paul. Minnesota, and will maintain a policy of staunch.
Protestant Americanism without fear or favor.
Edited, not to make up people's minds, but to shake up j>eople's minds; to
belli mold active public opinion which will make America a proper place to live in.
News of truth kills more false news and shrivels up more "bunk" than all
the earnest arguments m the world. Truth helps to clarify opinions on serious
questions by serious people.
The MINNESOTA FIERY CROSS wil l strive to give the American viewpoint
on published articles and separate the dross from the pure gold in the current
news of the day.
The Empire Publishing Co., Inc.. Publishers
Second-class mailing rates applied for.
Advertising Rates Will He Furnished l pon Request
Subscription Rate, by Mall. 92.00 Per tear
Send All News Items and Address all Inquiries to fill Pioneer Building. St. Paul.
WnneMti
M ■■ ■ ■ - —~
KLAN’S PROGRAM FOR 1924
I. Militant, old-fashioned Christianity and operative patriotism.
t. Bark to the Constitution.
X. Enforcement of the Eighteenth Amendment so long as It Is a part of
the Constitution.
4. Enforcement of present Immigration laws and enactment of more
stringent laws on Immigration.
Super- Citizens
The following quotations are from a recent editorial in The New York
Times, entitled. “’Supermen’ and Immigration,” which is anything but
American in its context:
“It is a pity that discussion of immigration in congress contin
ues to be marred by impassioned defenses of and attacks on the
‘Nordic’ and other races. The offenders are found on both sides
those who express belief in a mythical breed of supermen, from
which is descended the older American stock of northern Euro
pean ancestry * * *
“In reality, the advocates of the ‘superman’ theory, and of the
superiority by blood of the so-called ‘Nordic’ culture, are modern
izing the ‘chosen people’ doctrine, which is age-old * • *
“The test of the would-be immigrant is, not has he blue eyes and
flaxen hair, but will he make a good citizen, will he adapt himself
easily and willingly to American life, will he contribute to the
strength of the American nation and the American race?”
The New York Times is described in politics as Independent-Democrat.
We are not sure about the Independent part, but the truthfulness of the
Democratic side of the description comes more and more to the front.
New York City is the home of 22 congressmen. Of this number 20, mostly
Democrats, have banded themselves together to fight the Johnson Immigra
tion bill, fearing the wrath of their foreign-born and foreign-minded con
stituents should they fail to do so. From the tone of the above quoted
editorial it would seem that The Times has joined them, although it does
not directly mention the Johnson restrictive measure.
The Times is as prejudiced against the Nordic races as it charges some
advocates of strict immigration with being prejudiced against the Slavic
and Latin races of Europe.
It speaks the truth when it declares that advocates of the Nordic race
and culture are modernizing the chosen-people “myth.” The people of the
United States intend to make the Nordic peoples the chosen people of those
who come to these shores to enter. They will be the favorite people. This
attitude is not assumed; it is not held without reason and serious considera
tion. The American people have grown, one might say, into this point of
view after many years of experience. The Nordic people have been put to
the test. It is true as The Times declares that the test of a people for
American citizenship is not whether they have blue eyes and flaxen hair.
But it so happens that the Nordic races, blue eyed and flaxen haired, have
proved the best material for building American democracy. They have
made consistently good citizens, whereas the races whom The Times be
lieves congress intends to discriminate against—the Slavic, Mohammedan,
and Latin —have failed to make good citizens. They have held themselves
aloof from things American. They have settled in little communities and
colonies of their own, making the larger cities of the United States hodge
podges of racial groups.
lUe flaxen-haired and blue-eyed people have been the most assimilable.
They have come to this country with the purpose of making their homes
here and adapting themselves as well as possible to their new surroundings.
They have a high standard of family and home life; they have an in-born
moral respect for womanhood; they have unimpeachable ideals in regard to
the moral life. They are thrifty, industrious and adaptable. In short, they
are “supermen,” or had we better say “super-citizens,” from the standpoint
of the welfare of the United States. There is every justifiable reason that
an honest man can desire, for admitting them to the United States in pref
erence to the races of southern and eastern Europe. If the Johnson restrict
ive immigration bill is passed they will be “the chosen people.” And who,
might we ask, has a better right to choose those who shall come to this coun
try than the people of this nation?
When You Think oj Flowers Think of Us"
Kindness and flowers together go,
In honor bound it must be so.
Get the habit, give us a call.
Tour patronage, thanks, we need it all.
MARKET FLORAL COMPANY
City Market Annex —414-2
Phone Market 1411 Glenn A. Wismer, Prop. WE DELIVER
$2.35 Per Gallon
FLAT WALL PAINT
We Guarantee the Quality
You Be the Judge
SCHROEDER-SILLETTO COMPANY
PAINT MANUFACTURERS
Des Moines, lowa
“Call Our Nearest Office”
1 — University Place —Drake 515
2 East 16th and Grand—Maple 807
3 West 13th and Forest —Drake 340
FOR 100% SERVICE
Most Modern and Best Equipped Plant in the Middle
West—Operating the “Continuous Flow System”
ELECTIONS SWEPT
BY KLANSMEN IN
VARIOUS STATES
Klan Carried Maine Towns
and Nation Seems to Be
Following
TWO TO ONE IN TULSA
Order Aids Church People in
Cleaning Up New Jersey
Coast Resorts
(llurritu of l , ublk>atl«n and Education)
WASHINGTON, D. C.. April 14.
Interesting indeed are the many re
ports of city and state elections be
ing held all over the country, and
the part the Klan is playing in same.
The reports and remits tally every
where about the Klan candidates
winning wherever the Klan is made
an issue. It is an eye-opener for the
country and shows which way the
wind is blowing.
As goes Maine so goes the union is
an old saying and it seems to be
true in the Klan matters too. Among
the first city and town elections held
this year up in Maine, and the Klan
candidates walked off with great suc
cess at the polls. In one Maine city
where the Republicans had met ten
successive defeats, they won this
year with the support of the Klan
voters. But the klan does not throw
its support to any certain party, but
to men and issues. Out in Tulsa. Ok
lahoma, recently the Klan supported
the entire Democratic city ticket
and every candidate went to victory
by about two to one at the polls.
Sweeps Middle West
In the April elections just held a
few days ago throughout Kansas, Ok
lahoma and Missouri, the majority
of the contests between admitted or
alleged Klan and anti-Klan candi
dates were settled in favor of the
Klan selections. City elections were
fought with more vigor and a larger
percentage of the eligible vote was
cast than for many years, in cities
where the Klan had appeared in city
politics. Elections in towns where
there was no Klan or anti-Klan feel
ing, were comparatively tame.
Similar reports come from other
states, which goes to show that the
Klan, when made an issue, gets re
sults. The party that fights the Klan
gets a black eye because the Klans
men (and there are so many of
them) can do things when they go
together in an election. TTiat’s why
the politicians in both old parties are
trying to be good towards Klansmen,
they know which ever way the Klan
vote goes, so will go the election.
In Jersey .
Away down east in New Jersey, the
Klan is in a fight supporting the
church people in their big drive to
clean up the coast resort cities and
towns. There the fight is directed
at the bootleggers and the immoral
interests that are menacing the
country. At Asbury Park there have
been public meetings of the Civic-
Church league and the Ku Klux Klan
people, looking to the co-operation of
botn organizations to clean house.
When there is any cleaning to be
done the people know whom to ap
proach and where to go to get re
sults. The Klan is making a most
enviable reputation along that line.
In fact, it is made up of the very
best people in all communities.
If we in America think the right
way, as Protestants and Klansmen,
we shall survive and our nation shall
wax strong, no matter how many
think the wrong way in Europe.
Statement Apropos of Riot is
Issued by Pennsylvania Dragon
(llureau of Publication and (education)
WASHINGTON, D. C., April 15
The following story comes from Sam
t). Rich, King Kleagle and Acting
Grand Dragon, Knights of the Ku
Klux Klan, for the Realm of Penn
sylvania. relative to the riot at Lilly,
Pa., recently:
“I deeply deplore the fatal riot at
Lilly Saturday night, but from all
reports given me and after an in
vestigation by my representatives, I
must state that the Klansmen were
not responsible for the precipitation
of the riot.
“The special train that carried
Klan representatives from Cambria
county had been left on a sidetrack
at the Lilly station during the de
monstration, and as the marchers
were returning to it, all reports giv
en me show that a crowd of persons
brought a fire hose into play in the
vicinity of the station and directed
a forceful stream of water on the
front ranks. One of the Klansmen
ran to a group of six men that sur
rounded the nozzle and succeeded in
? reventing their indicated purpose.
t was at this point, I am informed
from all authoritative sources, that
the first shots were fired by some
person or persons in the mob. The
riot followed.
“Information given me shows that
the assembled persons were entirely
unfriendly to tne visiting Klansmen,
the street lights being turned off
when they first detrained and the
town kept in virtual darkness during
the demonstration. They were turn
ed on again, I am informed, when the
riot had quieted.
“Three young women, said to have
been cheering the Klansmen, were
attacked by a group of men, I am
told, which resulted in injuries to
one that are said to be serious.
“Klansmen who took part in the
general demonstration and the inarch
to the train, I am informed, declare
they paid no attention to the hisses
and jeers that greeted them during
the entire visit, but were forced to
defend their lives and rights when
assaulted.”
THE FIERY CROSS
SIEGEL SAYS HE WILL
REDUCE CITY TAXATION
(Continued from page 1)
gambling nouses were closed on elec
tion night. It was necessary for
Judge Lewis today to charge the in
coming grand jury to investigate
gambling in St. Paul.
“How was It,” Siegel asked, “that
the decision to run the tracks of the
St. Paul road where they are was
reached ®.t a secret session at the
Minnesota club instead of in the city
hall in open meeting where it should
have been settled?”
The question evoked cheers from
the audience.
‘There is too much invisible gov
ernment in St. Paul,” Siegel shout
ed, and again he was loudly applaud
ed.
Sees Dictatorship
“Why dismiss more than 5,000 per
sons who have visited the council
chamber with some complaint or some
suggestion without even a courteous
hearing?” Siegel asked. “Why a po
lice officer in the council chamber to
enforce the rulings of the mayor?
There has been more dictatorship in
the mayor’s office in this administra
tion than has ever been heard of in
St. Paul.”
“The mayor tells us.” one question
er said, “that taxes on a two-year av
erage have been reduced. You say
taxes have been raised. Which is
right?”
“You should know that answer
yourself.” Siegel replied. “Moreover,
a process of revaluation is now going
on which will further raise your tax
es.”
Promises Tax RtMlucllon
“Can you reduce taxes if you are
elected mayor of St. Paul?” a woman
member of the audience asked.
“Yes, I can.” Siegel answerd. “by
curbing extravagant expenditure of
public money.”
“Are you in favor of a socialistic
government?” a man demanded.
‘That question is unworthy of a re
ply.” Siegel answered.
“What will you do to improve mor
al conditions which you have de
nounced?” a woman asked.
“I will take the people of St. Paul
into my confidence, and I will use
every agency within the power of the
mayor to see that the moral condi
tions of the city are just what the
people want them to be,” was Sie
gel’s answer.
“How did you vote in the legisla
ture on the eighteenth amendment?”
was the query hurled at the labor
candidate.
“I voted against that amendment
in the legislature,” Siegel said, “be
cause that was the sentiment of the
district which I represented. I did
not receive one protest on that vote.
But now that the amendment is part
of the United States constitution,
where can any self-respecting Ameri
can stand but squarely on the con
stitution?”
Denies Klan Story
“Did you start the story,” asked
another, “that Mayor Nelson is a
member of the Ku Klux Klan?”
‘That is a dirty lie,” Siegel shout
ed. “I started no such story. I do
not use those campaign methods. I
have no time for any man who will
attempt to bring questions of race,
color or religious belief into a polit
ical campaign.”
“I have been accused by the news
papers.” Siegel said, “of conducting a
whispering campaign. That, too, is
a lie. What I have to say, I say in
the open. The issues, of this cam
paign are too plain for that type of
campaigning, and I resent such insin
uations.”
“It is being whispered in the rear
of this room where I am standing,”
said a woman, “that you are a Jew.
Is that true?”
“That is some more of this whis
pering campaign," Siegel declared.
“I am not a member of the Jewish
race, but if I were I should not be
ashamed of it. I do not go into the
Sixth ward patting the Jewish people
on the back and in the Seventh ward
saying something else.”
Exalted Cyclops Given
Replica of Little
Red School house
ROCKFORD, ILL., April 15-
beautiful replica of the little red
schoolhouse of former days was
presented to the Exalted Cyclops
of Blackhawk Klan here recently.
It was a masterpiece of craftsman
ship, real glass windows, swinging
blinds and doors, a real bell in the
tower, and “Old Glory" floating in
the breeze. The interior arrange
ment was perfect, with a stove,
desk, and blackboard complete.
The meeting was a success in
every detail, and the opening cere
mony was very impressive. First,
under escort by robed Klansmen,
the American flag was placed upon
the stage, next the fiery cross was
brought forward by robed Klans
men marching td the strain of “On
ward Christian Soldiers,” then,
with everyone standing, the open
ing songs were sung.
This was followed by a prayer by
a local minister. The Exalted Cy
clops, the Great Titan and the
speaker of the evening were intro
duced.
Im NEW DESIGNS FOR 1024 CONCLAVES HH
HH “Klan Revue”-“Salute to Stars and Stripes.” 188
Aerial Bomba and Report Sheik. - Flag Sheila
FIERY CROSSES
Display* Of Aar Siae Ard Price.
fjijM W,n. h.,r Catalog ■sgl
COL. M. M. KENDALL
AUCTIONEER
<eal Estate & Merchandise
A Specialty
MARSHALLTOWN. lO\v \
The Ail American Shoe Repair
H. MACHLAN
High Grade Shoe Repairing- Sat
isfaction Absolutely Guarantied
1209 24th St., 24th & University
JACK'B NEWS STAND
N. W. Cor. Seventh k Locust
KLAN PAPERS
Out-of-Town Periodicals and
Magazines
Painting and Decorating
B. H. BREWER
Residence 949 28th St.
Plioue Drake 5762-J
Clark Electric Company
1026 Grand Avenue
General Electrical Contractors
and Appliances
Office Telephone Walnut 3546
All First Class Work
Capitol Hill Laundry
Work ('ailed for and Delivered
Maple 572
MOVING
STORAGE AND BAGGAGE
Call Drake 3316-J
KENT’S TRANSFER CO.
Long Distance Hauling
Prices Bight 1412 W. 16th St.
Office Mar. 383—Res. Maple 1675 W
G. SCOTT DAVIES
ATTORNEY AT LAW
Suite 408 -412 S. & L. Building 1
Des Moines, lowa
FRED C. DICKMAN
RETAIL DISTRIBUTOR
JONES DAIRY PRODUCTS
EAST SIDE • HIGHLAND PARK
and OAK PARK
Wal. 1915 WaL 5874
P. D. I N H O F E
ATTORNEY AT LAW
Practice in All Courts
1012 S. & L. Bldg. Des Moine*
Free Prompt Removal of
All Dead Stock
Call
LaForge Rendering Company
Day or Night Service- Maple 2hik f
LET US RENEW YOUR
WARDROBE
OUR SERVICE
SATISFIES
AMERICAN
DRESS CLUB
A. G. TAYLOK, Prop.
CLEANER, DYER,
ALTERATIONS
Phone Drake 1859
Fountain Pens & Pencils
We Repair All Kinds
Kodaks, Films & Developing
FRANK LONG
Insurance and Real Estate
Life Insurance Health and Accident Fire Insurance
701 Polk Bldg. Walnut 1768
Now Is The Time—
to get a Radio Set, if only a small one
The ne wlocal high-power broadcasting station will soon be in
operation.
We can furnish a Dietricson one-tube set complete with every
thing at $25.00 (not installed). 1000 miles reception guaranteed.
THE BRACKETT RADIO CO., 545 Fifth St.
1309 Lyon St.
ST. PAUL, MINNESOTA
WANTED
A good location for a first class
restaurant and cafe in a good
town of five or ten thousand by
a 100 per cent American. Have
all equipment.
When You Want to Eat,
Max. 100% Service
Max 100% Service
MOVING, GENERAL HAULING, LAKE TRIPS
Telephone Elk. 1714
Get our 1924 Wedding Ring Pamphlet before plac
ing order. Better rings—less Money Write today.
GOOD FOOD AT
T [ TROCHE'S |
leo EAST FIFTH STREET
Up and Dawn Stairs St. Paul, Minn.
THE GOLDEN RULE GARAGE
FOR FIRST CLASS GENERAL REPAIRING
MAGNETO RECHARGING
2497 East 13th St. Des Moines, lowa
“If We Can’t Fix It, Give It Away”
The Four Horsemen Fireworks Co.
GUARANTEES LARGE ATTENDANCE
Let Us Help Your Committee Arrange Your Program
Address
515 Polk Building Des Moines, lowa
CHIROPRACTIC FOR HEALTH
It will make a new person of you—and the result is
accomplished in a natural and simple manner. If
you have never tried this road to health, better be
gin now.
DR. L. J. LOWE
Office 423 Kraft Building
Phones: Rea, Drake 5989. J; Office, Market 2016
If you are not already a customer of JEN
NEY’S, come in and get acquainted. We are
here to serve you with the best. Trade where
your credit is good.
ASK US
There is a
GOOD PLACE
In St. Paul
FRANK A. McCALL
1050 Edmond St
ST. PAUL, MINNESOTA
Moving and General Hauling
RETAIL JEWELERS; ATTENTION
NORTHWESTERN JEWELRY COMPANY
27 E. 7th St., St. Paul, Minn
Friday, April 18, 1924
I)ES MOINES, IOWA
J. W. JENNEY
The Grocer, Butcher and Baker
Sixth and Euclid Avennes
Open your account bare we deliver the gooda.
Phones Walnut 2123 -2124
ST. PAUL, MINNESOTA
AMERICAN COAL COMPANY
Our Motto: “Clean Coal, Clean
Business and Clean Weight
Mid. 0692
FOR SALE
Welding Shop
One o fthe largest and best
equipped In the Twin Cities.
$13,000.00 business done In 1923.
100 per cent for a live wire.
Box 514, St. Paul, Minn.
Telephone Elk. 1714