PAGE EIGHT
KLAN MACHINERY IS FUNCTIONING
TO PERFECTION IN SCOTT COUNTY
DAVENPORT, IA.. May 19. Scott
county Klan is now completely
equipped with organized machinery,
and while its progress may have been
comparatively slow, the foundation
has been laid, which will serve well
in the future.
The leaders of the organization
know that, with the open weather
coming and the many outdoor activ
ities ahead, they will be prepared to
handle the hundreds who will peti
tion the organization for affiliation.
The leader in charge of this coun
ty is a business man. who recognises
the fact that business principles must
govern the organized machinery.
‘ Recruits are coming in by the hun
dreds. and so many aliens were de
manding citizenship in the Invisible
Empire, that the second largest hall
in Scott county had to be requisi
tioned and the full ritualistic work
was put on in due form.
Many of the new candidates were
men whose names are household
names in Scott county and lead
ers of the community. Includ
ed in the list of candidates
were several of the leading ministers
of Scott county. Every man present
pledged his best efforts to promote
the Klan.
The Kleagle of this county is predi
cating his campaign on the positive
things of life. He states tc his mem
bers, that in order to save America
we must get back to the fundamen
tals as found in homes where the
family altar is kept alive; where the
free public school has its power and
force, and where the Protestant
church is dynamic instead of static.
The Protestant clergymen of the
city are already noticing an increase
in church membership and are prais
ing the efforts of such an institution
as the Klan.
A large open-air invitational lec
ture and ceremonial will be held on
BW&LIMSdirS, UCHTHMt
HLUg fowoa %”•? i^!
a*i* this «**. _ _
WsMßltCh, »*d<a
BRANCH OFFICE SANBORN, IA
Flowers For Memorial Day—
On this day set apart for re me in be ring our Nation's heroic dead —
Let us decorate “those green tents whose curtains ncTer Nwlnf out”
with a flag and flowers.
Market 1411
FURNITURE FASHION—
* A You can have a better furnished home.
B The cost will be low. The extra effort will
%// ® be small. Go to Paterson & Kemp and buy
Kirf good furniture at low prices . Fix up the
BSMBmA j home wher you and your loved ones live.
Make it a joy to step inside your door.
Hear your friends say, “What a nice home
you have!” Good furniture is the cheapest
thing you can buy. Your grocery bills,
pi ' your clothing expense, your doctor bills,
fvKlill wKb your taxes, go on forever. Good furniture
If ' from Paterson & Kemp liasts a lifetime.
VOUD. DUTY Tapestry B resells Hugs, 9x12 $26.50
* | Axmlnster Bugs Six 12 I $39
* Lloyd Itabj Carriage dark blue nr
HOME 3 gray —slt.2s
n Beautiful Bridge Lamps complete with
, weighted bases at $14.75
Use our “trade In” department. Exchange your old furniture for
new—Liberal allowance.
FREIGHT PAID IN IOWA
PATERSON & KEMP
807 Walnut Street Phone Walnut 3691
Q
CORRECT ©CLOTHES H A FOR MEN AND YOUNG MEN -
Hloiiorrr Transfers Good While Shopping In East Des Maine*
, ; 522 Emit Locust Street, Des Moines, lowa
OCI0lOOfllOCOOOOOOOOC«!>O<><>O<»C><^OOOOOOOOOO^>^J<>OO<>>>C‘CM>o<H><
Wednesday, May 28. and hundreds of
candidates will he made citizens of
the Invisible Empire.
The new woman organizer, who was
one of the most successful in another
state, is now located in Davenport,
and scores of women are enrolling in
this great American movement.
1000 Klansmen Meet
ALBERT LEA. MINN.. May 9.
Klansmen from various parts of
southern Minnesota assisted the Free
born county Klan in its first outdoor
naturalization ceremonial and pro
gram. It is estimated that a thou
sand Klansmen were present. The
meeting was held in the park a short
distance from the city.
After a very large class of candi
dates was naturalized, an appropri
ate program was rendered, consist
ing of recitations, musical numbers,
short speeches and group singing.
All in all, the klansmen enjoyed ev
ery part of the evening’s entertain
ment and initiation.
Several Protestant pastors, well
known m southern Minnesota, ad
dressed the assemblage of Klansmen,
speaking on suitable subjects for the
occasion. Members of some of the
southern Minnesota Klans were called
upon for short talks and responded
enthusiastically. A national hl&a
lecturer '.was present and made some
pointed remarks which were well re
ceived. The Imperial representative,
after getting lost, found his way
finally to the Klavern and so was in
a splendid mood to accept the inces
sant demands for a speech. Needless
to say. his utterances were interest
ing and definite. The Imperial Rep
resentative likes to mention that he
isn’t an orator; however he can de
liver a talk which somehow fits an
occasion satisfactorily.
The recent meeting of the Free
born countv Klan is merely one of
many whicn have been planned for
the summer season. The Klan out
look here is very pleasing, and big
things are expected. The interest in
the great Protestant organization in
creases daily.
Our prices are lower
Phone your order early to
MARKET FLORAL CO.
MANY MEN HAVE SAID
Morgan-Markussen Co.
Is The Best Men’s Store in
Des Moines
This Has Been the Verdlet of
Five Hundred Readers of
We want Five Thousand More of
the Same Kind of People to give us
a chance to show you that we do save
you money.
Not a ten-day sale, nor an upstairs
or side-street proposition. Just the
same sterling values every day in
the year.
Powder Blues, Tans, Browns, in
checks, stripes or plain.
$32.60, $37.60 and $46.00
Many with two pairs pants
Straws $2.60 to $4.00
Soft Hats $3.60 to $7.00
Spring Caps $2.00
N« Parking Restrictions
at Albert Lea, Minn.
City Market Annex
The Fiery Cross
During the Past Mix Months
Suits
Shirts
Season's Newest Designs
With or without Collar
$1.50 to $3.50
Hats
In East Des Molnc*
I —Senior class of Harvard university begging the freshman class to contribute for the senior outing—an an
nual event. 2 —U. S. navy’a new long distam-e scout plane, which can make a non -top flight of 2.400 miles. 3
Lieutenant D’Oisy, French aviator, who is flying from Purls to Tokyo, and perhaps around the world.
NEWS REVIEW OF
CURRENT EVENTS
Poincare’s Downfall Makes
for Settlement of the
Troubles of Europe.
By EDWARD W. PICKARD
PREMIER Poincare Is out, or will he
on June 1, because of the defeat of
hla national bloc In the French parlia
mentary elections. Some radical, pos
sibly M. Herrlott of Lyons, will form
the new cabinet, and the policy of
France toward the settlement of the
reparations dispute with Germany will
be so changed that definite solution of
the problem seems in sight. That Is,
If the Germun factions that won domi
nance in the recent elections will ad
here honestly to the Dawes plan. In
that case the new French government
will display a more conciliatory spirit
toward Germany and may evacuate the
Ruhr entirely.
In Germany the people's party, to
which Chancellor Stresennnn belongs,
has formally Indorsed the Dawes re
port and approved Its acceptance. lint
It also agreed that the nationalists
should name the new chancellor, on
condition that the foreign office port
folio he given to a people’s party man.
The nationalists, together with the
monarchists, oppose the Dawes plan.
They, of course, rejoiced over the de
feat of Poincare, but it may deprive
them of their chief asset —the French
occupation of the Ruhr. It is believed
In Berlin that Herr Ilergt will he the
next chancellor.
The French chamber does not meet
until June 3. President Mlllerand
will then name the new premier, who
may be Itrland or I’ainleve, if Ilerriot
Is not selected. It Is likely that Mil
lerand himself will then resign. All
those who have opposed Poincare's
policies, Including the British govern
ment, were happy over his downfall,
but It Is a source of anxiety for the
small nations of central Europe that
have been depending on French sup
port. This is especially true of Ruma
nia. which Is In dally fear of war with
Russia over Bessarabia. The French
radical Socialists, who will have about
124 members in the new chamber, fa
vor recognizing soviet Russia regard
lass of the latter’s attitude concerning
the French debt. This prospect is
worrying Germany because of her
break with Moscow over the raid on
the RusslaD trade delegation’s head
quarters.
German monarchists and national
ists, led by General Ludeudorff, held a
great celebration of "German Day" in
Halle and incidentally battled with the
communists there, using tnnks and
cannon in storming the Hed garrison.
There were many casualties and the
coiumuuists were utterly routed. Im
mediately after this occurrence there
were reports that the former kaiser
and his wife had left Holland for Sile
sla. This story was not confirmed.
Japan's government also whs over
thrown by the popular vote, the lib
eral opposition winning 277 of the
464 seats in the new house. Premier
Klyoura and his cabinet, however, will
not quit office until after the state
celebration early in June of Prince Re
gent Hirohlto’a wedding.
President Cool id gw successfully ne
gotlated one hurdle last week, hut
there were other and higher ones In
front of him. His veto of the Bur
sum bill Increasing the pensions of
Civil war veterans and widows was
sustained by the senate by a margin of
just one vote. Voting to override the
veto were 32 Republicans, 19 Demo
crats and two Farmer-Lubor, while
sustaining the veto were 12 Republic
ans and 12 Democrats. At first the
'■eto was beaten, but Senator Hnrreld
of Oklahoma changed from one side to
the other and the day was saved for
the President. Senator Rurxum said
he would Immediately draft a new
measure which he believed would puss
at tills session, the increases provided
being smaller. The President's dlsap
mval was based on economy.
Veto of the soldiers' bonus hill came
Thursday, and It was predicted that
both the senate and house would over
ride it, though perhaps by narrow mar-
THE FIERY CROSS
gins. The President in his message
condemned the measure severely as
against the interests of the whole
people, and asserted that it would
frustrate the tax relief that the coun
try desires.
As for the Immigration bill, with Its
Japanese exclusion provision, the in
tention of the President is not known
at this writing. The leaders of both
parties in the house were called to
the White House for a conference In
the hope that postponement of the ex
clusion might be arranged, although
congress had rejected that arrange
ment.
. Farm relief legislation Is causing the
Republicans considerable worry, for
they fear that If some bill to help the
farmers Is not passed at this session
the Northwest will be lost to them
next November. The McNary-Haugen
bill is the first on the list, but It is
opposed by many members of both
parties and by some members of the
cabinet, though Secretary of Agricul
ture Wallace favors It. This measure
provides for creution of a $200,000,000
export corporation and for elaborate
machinery under which the domestic
price of grain and ether products of
the farm would he raised artificially
and maintained at a higher level than
if the domestic price were dependent
on world price for the exportable sur
plus.
Senator Wheeler of Montana, under
indictment on the charge of having ac
cepted money to npponr before a gov
ernment department, was “wholly ex
onerated” of the accusation by the
senate committee appointed to Investi
gate the case. ' The committee’s report
says Wheeler did not agree to appear
before any government official In be
half of Golden Ofcmpbell, did not do
*o, and did not get paid for doing so.
Senator Spencer alone dissented,
bringing in a minority report finding
that the Department of Justfee was
lustified In having Mr. Wheeler Indict
ed. In this connection It should he
recorded that Attorney General Stone
has abandoned the governmental spy
system and announced that In the fu
ture the work of the bureau of Investl
zation will be strictly In the line of
aiding the lawyers of the department
In preparing their cases. All the “dol
lar-a-year men”, among whom were
n any notables, have been “fired.”
Congressman John W. Langley of
Kentucky, tried In Covington on a
charge of conspiracy in connection
with liquor withdrawals, was found
'ullty, denied a new trial and sen
tenced to two years In prison. He an
nounced that he would take an appeal
aud that he would not resign his seat
In the house. Two of Langley's co-de
fendants pleaded guilty and a third
was convicted, and all received the
same sentence <
Judges Wllkerfton and Carpenter of
the Federal court in Chicago last
Thursday ruled that President Cool
idge's pardon of Philip Grossman of
Chicago was void, and ordered United
States Marshal Levy to seize Grossman
at once and put’him In the house of
correction. This was a simple liquor
selling esse at first, and Grossman was
sentenced to a year in the bridewell
by Judge Imndi* for contempt of court
Politicians went to his aid and C. W.
Mlddlekauf. the -government prosecu
tor, recommended a pardon. The whole
case received an airing before the sen
ate committee ’' investigating Harry
Daugherty. Judges Wilkerson and
Carpenter held that the President has
no power to pardon in contempt cases,
declaring: "Such extension of the ex
ecutive power would Meal a death blow
to the power of ihe Judiciary, and
would make the executive branch tlie
ultimate source of Jnstl^e.’ 4
Senator Underwood's supporters for
the Democratic presidential nomination
are planning fo carry the fight on the
Kn Klux Klan to the floor of the na
tlonnl convention. Governor Brandon
of Alabama, who Is to make the speech
pulling Underwood before the conven
tion, will Introduce the subject, anti If
the resolutions committee di>e* not
adopt a satisfactory plank the Under
wood men will present a minority re
port colling for a reaffirmation of the
Democratic plank ef V*W- This read:
“That the foundation of this Union
of Rtvkta having been laid In, and Its
prosperity, expansion and pre-eminent
example In free government built upon,
entire freedom In matters of religious
concernment, and no respect of per
sons in regard to rank or prace of
birth, no party can justly be deemed
national, constitutional, or in accord
ance with American principles which
bases its exclusive organization upon
religious opinions and accidental birth
place.”
Democrats who do not wish to an
tagonize the Klan In such stronghdlds
as Indiana nor to lose the strength
that such men as A 1 Smith might give
their ticket have thought up a new
combination. This la to nominate
Ralston for the presidency; to per
suade Senator Copeland of New York
to resign and take second place on the
ticket, and then to run Governor Smith
for the senate.
George Brennan of Illinois, chief of
the antbMcAdoo leaders, has chal
lenged McAdoo to consent to the abro
gation of the time-honored two-thirds
rule, and McAdoo’s manager has re
plied that If Brennan will make the
proposal In Ihe convention the Califor
nian will not oppose It. So It may he
the next Democratic nominee will be
selected by a mere majority vote of the
convention.
DA\ ENPORT
Expert Tire and Tube Repairing
ti»i:sF\ A V I C TUBES
System^
Oood t-sed Tires
42*» Hrady St. Davenport. la.
SUNBEAM STREET FROCKS
MADE OF VOILE, TISSUES, LINENS AND GINGHAM
TISSUE FROCKS LINEN FROCKS
$2.98 to $5.98 $5.98 to $8.75
Corded tissue frocks in a beautiful range of Sunbeam frocks made of fine quality Irish linen
pretty high shades, imitating all the new style j n a variety of pretty styles that are sure to meet
notes of the more expensive models. Organdie lace with the approval of the careful woman, who de
and embroidery are used for the trimmings of these mands style and workmanship, yet are reasonable
dainty frocks that tend to make them charming as j n price. The new shades of rose, lavender, green
well as practical models for the matron as well rs and blue are included in this showing among other
the miss and the growing girl. shades. Come in and see them. It’s a pleasure to
f '"IsSL show you.
„ CH
! VOILE FROCKS
Am ..
jv >' '' j\ Sunbeam frocks made of fine qual
f V ' \\\ 4\\ * *ty vo 'l e * n al Ithe high
y'N, V \ 1 *1 \ >S' F \ V rS shades such as taffy, Bermuda, Auro
/A \ i / j / ) ! I',, \\ ; \ ra, tangerine and many other new
/ f \ i, V, \ I ) V'' \ V'y. shades in a wide range of desirable
I / \ \ i / W| \ l \ styles that are sure to meet with
/ ! v '■ / H \\ \ \ your approval. You will be rightly
c.’- \ ’ \ \ \ clad for comfort as well as style If
\ '|V* \\ Cl * d * n 8 Sunbeam<
\ ■' "I '1 SUNBEAM STOUTS
ll\ -!l- 1 JM 'I 11 $2.98 to $6.98
jjjv // /V •' j J i With styles that stress slim lines,
/\, 1 v f s '! >* j v jj the stout woman will be enchanted
'i/AMp&S j j ! .i' jj with these full-cut fashionable frocks
!*i | .MirfLdßß I* ij r»>, made of Kalburnie and Renfrew ging
s“* |3ttjS hams, corded tissues and flock dot
0 i voiles. There are many pretty styles
to choose from, including a variety
vJflfl | \ °* bright shades. There is a real
Li thrill for you when you see these
' We Appreciate your Patronage and Strive to Merit Yonr Confidence.
PRINCESS CHILDREN’S
SLIPS
51,79 wwsszsmm* 79
vW^^^HMyOB«ijyU|IBEBEA
t<>p
een, assorted six- 0/P "F assorted sixes. 2
es, Extra Special to 6 years. Ex
•l * 179 510-512 EAST LOCUST STREET tra Special at 7fic
0
REMUS BARES BIG
GRAFT IN WHISKY
Paid About $300,000 to Jess
Smith, He Tells Brook
hart Committee.
Washington.—George Kemus of Ohio,
a liquor convict at the Atlanta federul
penitentiary, told the Br«>okhart com
mittee that he hud paid between $250,-
000 and $300,000 to the lute Jess W.
Smith In order to keep out ot prison.
He said that lie could not tell whether
he had been double-crocked or not. be
cause “the dead don’t tell."
Remus was brought before the com
mittee under guard. He told of how
he hml bought a string of distilleries In
Ohio. Indiana and Kentucky after the
Volstead act was passed and hud ar
ranged by a “gentleman’s agreement”
with Jess Smith to get withdrawal per
mits.
Allowed Immunity, He Says.
He said that he had been allowed Im
munity from prosecution for a year
and a half, while he distributed some
(SOO,OOO or 800,000 gallons of liquor un
der the pretense of selling it for me
dicinal purposes. The witness could
not recall Just how much money he
had paid Smith, who it that time was
Attorney General Daugherty’s buffer.
He estimated, however, tnat it was be
tween $250,000 and $300,000. He said
he never asked Smith whether he had
split the money with Daugherty. When
he was asked why he gave the money
to Smith, Kemus replied:
“To keep out of the penitentiary—to
keep the boys out —to get Smith to use
his Influence with the attorney general.
Even after I was convicted In Ohio
Smith told me I would never see the
penitentiary.
Telle of Daugherty Promise.
“Smith told me that the general—the
attorney general—said there would be
no putting away of Remus and bis
men.”
Remus said that a plan had been
evolved by which he was to receive
clemency, If the case went to the Su
preme court without gaining his re
lease.
"Harry Daugherty was going to see
that I got my pardon —Smith told me
that,” Remus declared. "Smith killed
himself a year ago this month without
making his promise good."
Patronize Fiery Cross Advertisers
CORWIN PRINTING CO.
“Goad Printing Pays”
We Cater to Those Who Appreciate High Grade Printing
Phone Walnut 1619-W 1102 High Street
De.s Moines, lowa
Friday, May 23, 192*
Women Donate Cash
to Brethren Churctr
GRAFTON ,W. VA., May 16,-The
women of the Ku Klux Klan, wear
ing the regalia of the order, visited
the local United Brethren church r
recent evening and presented the pae
tor with a good-sized cash gift. The
Klanswomen entered the church juat
as services were being opened. Tha
minister accepted the gift and then'
thanked the women in a brief talk
made in the presence of the congre
gation. After the minister expressed l
his appreciation of the gift, the wood
en marched out of the church.
PUBLIC SEES CEREMONY
DARLINGTON, S. C. —Klansmen
from Lamar, Hartsville, and Society
Hill were the guests of Darllngtoir
Klan, No. 36, on May 6, at a naturali
zation ceremony which was followed
by a supper. The public was invited.
A. H. COTTON
TRANSFER
AND MOVING
Walnut 5094 Phone Drake 3164
Under University State Bank
GROVES
SHEET METAL CO.
QUINT GROVES, Prop.
Spouting, Furnace and Tin Work
1120 Grand Avenue
Phone Market 1541
CHASE’S PEN SHOP
708 Locust St.
Fountain Pens—Pencils
All Makes Repaired
Kodaks, Films and Develepter
MECCA LUNCH
American Owned-American Employer
514 Locust St.
“Good Food at Reasonable Cost”
H. M. HARPER
CAFE
A Good Place to Eat
1117 W. Locust
Walnut 356
# :mL—