PAGE FOUR
THE MINNESOTA FIERY CROSS
The MINWRIOTA FIKRY t’KOSiS is publishiM every Friday by the Km pi re
I’ubliahing Company, St. Paul. Minnesota, and will maintain a policy of utaunrh.
Protestant Americanism without tear <>r favor.
Edited, not to make up people's minds, hut to shake up people's minds; to
if* mold active public opinion which will make America a proper place to live in.
News of truth kills more false news and shrivels up more “bunk” than all
the earnest until men ts in the world. Truth helps to clarify opinions on serious
Questions by serious people.
The MI.VNtAOTA FIKKIf CROSS will strive to Rive the American viewpoint
ca published articles and separate the dross from the pure gold in the current
pews of the day.
The Empire rubllsliliiK Co.. Ine., ruhllshers
Second-class mailing rates applied for.
AdterllsiiiK Kates Will lie Furnished t pon lle«iue«t
Subscription Itate. by Mall, fJ.(MI IVr Year
Keod All News lleno. and Address all Inmtlrles to till Pioneer Building, St. rml.
Minnesota
. —■
' KLAN’S PROGRAM FOR
1 Militant, old-fashioned Christianity and operative patriotism.
y Back to (hr Constitution.
$ Enforcement of the Eighteenth Amendment so long as it is • part of
the Constitution,
t. Enforcement of present immigration laws and enactment of more strin
gent luvs on immigration.
THE INDIANA VICTORY
Indiana held h primary Tuesday. May 6th; one of the most remarkable In
some respects of any election in the history of the Hoosier commonwealth.
Battle lines were drawn clearly between the Klansmen and the autis. This
situation was forced on the Klansmen of Indiana. They met it wi*h a calm
determination not to be defeated. The result shows for itself, hid. Jackson,
Secretary of Stalo of Indiana, whom the Klansmen decided to support, won in
a field of six candidates running ou the }tepitf>llcan ticket for the nomination
for Governor. He not only won the support of the voters, but he set a pre
cedent in Indiana primary elections by piling up a majority vote in a field of
Six -an unprecedented thing.
The Indiana primary law provides that a candidate must have a majority
Tote, no matter how many candidates are in the field, or the contest must be
aettied in slate convention. Therefore the primary in past years has been
snore of a feeler for candidates than a real selection. Mayor Shank of Indi
anapolis, a go f -d campaigner, running on an anti-Klan platform; Ed. Toner,
owner and editor of the Anderson Herald; Edgar D. Bush, former lieutenant
governor of Indiana; Ora Davis, mayor of Terre Haute, and a lawyer of Indi
anapolis, were the contestants. Shank had the support of the “wct3” of In
diana, the Homan Catholics and his Indianapolis political machine. He ran
•econd to Mr. Jackson, but so far outdistanced that it was hardl> a race in the
•ense one would term a sporting event.
Toner, supported by the powerful Indianapolis News and most of the
Indiana political machine, which included the Republican press, made a poor
third back of Shank.
There ia much food for thought in the result. The Klanstneu, forced into
the fight, came out boldly for Jackson. His war record and his record as a
atate official were assets, but the partisan press attempted to discount this.
The result is an awakening in Indiana and throughout the nation. The
pcltical vt.se ones are forced to see the reversal of form. Watch the scramble
for shelter. It already has started in many parts of the country. As the cam
paign, nationally and in the states, warms up this scramble will be more
noticeable.
Watch, look and listen.
‘LITERATCRE"-THE SUBTLE ENEMY
The worth of a co-ordinated body for good is being more and more forcibly
demonstrated each day. and with this demonstration comes the realization to
hundreds of thousands of American citizens, who have, through lack of proper
Information, been prone to look with disfavor on the Ku Klux Klan, that this
very organisation is accomplishing inestimable good. Working quietly. Its
members throughout America have brought about law enforcement by formerly
lax officials and have made thousands of communities better places in which
to rear children.
Klansmen, however, do not merely lock the door and leave open the
Window through which the thief may enter. Klansmen do things thoroughly.
To ohe who re*ds the daily papers closely, it is evident that there is an attack
feeing made on certain magazines, which it is alleged, carry matter unfit to
fee sold to the public. Never yet has the Klan been mentioned in connection
with this, but Klansmen will be entirely satisfied to see such magazines barred
from the mails or the newsstand sale prohibited. The fight has goue so far
that the matter has already been placed in the hands of the prosecuting
Attorney in one of the most prominent cities in America. That this fight will
fee carried throughout the nation there is little doubt.
It would seem impossible that publishers would print some of the things
which appear in magazines which are found on sale at most of the newsstands
throughout the United States. Little by little these publications have become
more bold until a self-respecting person can not take one of them into his
home or lead thorn. The cheap “literature’' of today is doing as much as
anything else to corrupt the morals of young men and young women, many of
them in their early teens.
Such publications as those which appeal to sea alone to sell them, or
those which appeal only to the baser side of individuals, are dangerous to
America. Just as the beautiful and sublime meaning of the word Love has
been debased hy song writers, playwrights and scenario writers in the past
decade, so has the word Thrill taken on a sinister meaning. These magazines
•f today vhich furnish Thrills for your daughter or sister or sweetheart, are
making it that much easier for evil-minded men to create havoc for a girl
Just growing Into womanhood. The so-called literature which fills the girl’s
mind with thoughts that should not be there, is helping to tear larger the
hole in the fabric of society. The magazines, so-called for the want of a better
name, which helps create In the young man, a thought which cheapens woman
hood in his eye. Is a subtle enemy to a moral America. These magazines and
publications, combined with the movie depicting “Shiek love” and thereby
furnishing ''thrills" for the young women of today. are undermining the very
moral fabric of our country.
Klansmeu are entering the fight to use every lawful methods to keep these
publications from the hands of growing America. Every father and mother,
whether within or without the Klan ranks, will back this movement. Every
American with an ounce of red blood in his veins and who has one thought of
posterity and the future welfare of America, cannot but applaud Klansmen
who would slop the evil of obscene “literature” going into the hands of grow
ing boys and girls
4 WELFARE OF COUNTRY”
File late Francis Be id hr left a will that in some ways la a model for
those who are Klannishly minded. The fortune, estimated at 13,000,000, is
carefully divided. Beidler requested that his children devote their lives "to
the welfare of their country and humanity.” The sum of 11,500,000, is left In
trust for charity. And every graduate of the Beidler school is to be given
one copy each of the Constitution, the Declaration of Independence, a standard
history of the Revolutionary War, a standard history of the Spanish-American
■War, and a standard history of the World War. He also asked that his chil
dren reject “material accumulations so they could thereby pay the debt of
their ancestors and their own for the opportunities afforded by their country
for the development of themselves and their material accumulations. The
hypercritical might point out that Beidler asked his children to do what he
didn t do bimaelf, but. the basic principle of the old man's suggestion seems
pretty sound anyhow. He should have requested that the students who are
to be given the Constitution and other documents ought to be forced to read
those papers at least once a year.
A NECESSARY REVOLUTION
No doubt the recent college and university students' conference In behalf
of law observance will help arouse s sense of responsibility in athletic circles
In college; and no doubt, also, there Is considerable room for such a sense
to be aroused. The resolutions adopted by the body were formulated to
“Inform studenU and faculty members concerning the facts about the pas
•uge of tho Eighteenth Amendment." And a most necessary resolution it
Wzs, too, because students of all degrees of scholarship have appeared to be
•Imost blauk mentally on the subject of the Volstead Act. Their dullness
upon this point liah resembled the mental obtuseness of the wicked spirit
snentioned lu the Arabian Nights, who was confined In the dungeons of
Caucszus and condemned to learn by heart the entire Koran. Although this
•nfortunste Jtnnl had been studying for thousands of years he had only
•nsmorised part of tbs first line
Sparks from the Fiery Cross
By John Eight Point
'The noblest motive is the public good."--Virgil
Every Ku Klux Klansman is some
American boy's hero.
The Klan stands for clean living, be
cause it knows that a double life can
not have a single virtue.
The quickest wav fur mau to leu.n
What Khiusiiieu tlituk of him.
Is just to run for oitice
With morals rather tilm.
Myself
M> self U a curious i bap 1 know.
1 live with him—where he goes I go.
Whatever I do, that fellow does;
When I hump myself, he iuak-s things
buss. .
Wbeu 1 lag anil shirk, be loafs with me,
And mocks my doings contluually
1 have a j-*t» that I sort of bate;
He bates It, too, as sure as fate:
I have a task that is easy—then
tie tears right in like a thousand men.
When i get angry or show my spite,
That fellow's actions are far from right
This strange Myself Is a curious man,
tine night he went and joined the Klan,
Vnd he swore an oath to be faithful, true,
And to do the things good Klansmen do;
.tut when he got home he said; “My land,
ibis Klunsmau’s job takes a lot of saud.
"My country.” he said. “is a good old
place;
I never will bring her to disgrace,
Itut forever helping our fellow men
Is asking a lot of a citizen;
l'o 'live' the flag as well as march
lu a big parade takes a lot of starch .“
And so Myself, in a grumblers way,
(irouebed around until the other day.
When I got up with might imul said;
“No slackers here! The cause is bread
To the soul of the race. We dare not
shirk.”
So Myself and I have gone to work
The Present Moment
We have no right to live in a coun
try if we are not willing to spend some
of our time and zip in improving gen
eral living conditions about us and in
trying, to the best of our ahility. to
lift high the standards of religious
and secular education and training.
We shape the commonwealth of to
morrow by the good things we do
today This statement of fact may
sound platitudinous. In reality there
is no more tremendous urge before
the general good citizenry than the
impulse in the heart of this apparent
commonplace. And the vitality of our
national life depends almost wholly
upon our Klannish interpretation and
our Klannish working out of the deep
principle involved. The structure of
tomorrow's democracy depends upon
the subtle right endeavor at the pres
ent holy moment.
—* —
No Monkeying
Kipling spoke derisively of the
Bandar-log. His idea of the monkey
people was not flattering. Of all the
jungle denizens the monkeys were the
most vapid and useless. They were
always trying to do something great,
but they forgot what they started ou*
to do, and at the height of their en
deavor they forgot their purpose and
raced off to do something else. Thev
lacked ultimate perseverance and will
to carry through a great intention
They were so like many people that
in the toss up they might be mistaken
for a large class of humans. Our re
public may be destroyed if the "mon
keying” class is permitted to have ID
way.
*
The Klansman does not believe ir
whipping the devil with mere plati
tudes—stronger language must be
used.
The Klansman who walks straight
keeps a good many non-Klansmen from
wobbling.
In the scales of the Klan, a poor
man’s best weighs just as much as a
rich man’s best.
The man who does wrong in the
hope that good will come will not
make a good Klansman though he
might do for a Jesuit.
*
The Klansman who studies the Bible
of the builders of his nation as closely
as business men study the markets
need fear no panic.
*
The citizen who gets down to
business and tries to help answer his
own prayers for his nation is apt to
see practical results in the life of the
people around him.
Hate Begets Hate
The Catholic Forester says: “A
Saintly Bishop of Amiens in preparing
for confession, always meditated first
on Hell, where sin leads; next, on
Heaven, which sin loses; finally, on
Calvary, which sin caused. And ha
tred for sin would enter his soul.” How
much better if the “Saintly Bishop”
had meditated first, last and all the
time on Calvary. If the soul is filled
with good things there is no room for
sin and no need for hatred toward any
thing. Meditation on hell would as
suredly fill the mind with hell and
require a considerable cleansing proc
ess afterward.
Better Late Than Never
An exchange remarks that the
bringing out of a dark vault and th«
putting on public view of the Declara
lion of Independence and the Const,
tutlon of the United States was a gout
idea because some people had seenrn.
to begin to doubt our possession o
these documents. And there Is mud
truth in the quip. We had drifted al
most Immeasurably from our early
vision of these sacred documents »
few years ugo. If the Ku Klux Klan
had not begun to draw us back towsri
the guidance ot the fathers we migh
have run amuck In the red sea of a
sanguine socialism or Bolshevism.
THE FIERY CROSS
More Bibles Needed
The Christian Work says: “Virtu
ally every child from a good home in
.viiierica grows up with some knowl
age of the Bible. But that is not so
.ii Brazil.” Neither is it true in Arner
ica. as this paper has had occasion to
point out, unless a very wurped in
veipretation is placed upon the words
‘good home.” Thousands upon thou
sands of homes in America are not
reached by the Bible. The Christian
Work should know this as a part of
its professional and required technical
information; but its interests and
sympathies seem forever turned to
ward some foreign nation. It is for
ever weeping over the sad condition
of some one on the other side of the
world while the children of its own
country run ragged and destitute at
its very doors.
It Can No* Be Spoiled
A certain editorial writer of gnided
conscience fears that the revolt
against corruption and wrong doing
in high places may go too far. As
if that could be possible! Better chaos
from which a new and nobler struc
ture might rise than this ceaseless
temporizing—this buying of the bliss
of the present moment with the se
curity of compromise and the jewels
of dual policy. The Klannish leaven
has been working so gloriously for
good in our commonwealth that the
loaf cannot be spoiled no matter how
highly it may be “proofed.”
By the way, where do we get
the idea —why is there a foreign
bloc in the House? Wholly Amer
ican timber makes the most sat
isfactory building It is through
the foreign blocs and alliances
that the cold air of the papal
storm blows.
The Memory Drill
The gentle old lady who gave Oscar
Underwood a sharp memory drill at
a recent banquet deserves a bouquet
of American Beauty roses She lacked
no courage as a good citizen when she
pointed out, to the discomfiture of the
senator, that all that Mr. Underwood
was or hoped to be came through the
Klan which he has denied and blas
phemed, so to speak, with blows and
curses.
Help The Ripple Onward
It is a principle of mass growth that
each citizen can have the kind of gov
ernment of which he is worthy, if he
so desires. In other words, he can
help to build the government to his
needs by living the principle which is
fundamental to his best idea. If he
practices integrity in thinking and in
action he is bound to create integrity
and light a similar white fire in the
breasts of the thinking people in his
community.
As a man’s Klanship grows, his pow
sr to effect general conditions for good
widens immeasurably. Just as a stone
thrown on the surface of a still pool
sends ripples to the farthest, banks,
so the good Klansman, living his vision
>f a great and liberal government, will
eventually send ripples of his force
hroughout the entire mass of which
he is an intrinsic part.
The responsibility for demanding a
'nod government rests with the aver
se citizen, whether man or woman,
le dare not put aside his duty and
live In the placid content of his im
iiediate surroundings He must get
into the struggle for nobler things,
and, scorning the base inaction of a
sluggard, serve his country and his
religion in spirit and in truth.
A KLANSMAN’S CREED.
/ believe in Ood and in the
tenets of the Christian religion and
th</t a Godless nation can not long
prosper.
I believe that a church that is
not grounded on the principles of
morality and justice is a mockery
to God and to man.
I believe that a church that does
not have the welfare of the com
mon people at heart is unworthy.
I believe in the eternal separa
tion of church and state.
1 hold no allegiance to any for
eign government, emperor, king,
pope or any other foreign, political
or religious power.
I hold my allegiance to the Stars
and Stripes next to my allegiance
to God alone.
I believe in just laws and liberty.
I believe In the upholding of the
Constitution of these United Btates.
1 believe that our free public
school is the cornerstone of good
government and that those who
are seeking to destroy it are ene
mies of our Republic and are •»-
worthy of citizenship.
I believe in freedom of speech.
I believe in a free press uncon
trolled by political parties or by
religious sects.
1 believe in law and order.
I believe in the protection of our
pure womanhood.
1 do not believe in mob violence,
but I do believe that laws should
be enacted to prevent the causes of
mob violence.
I believe in a rioter relationship
of capital and labor.
I believe in the prevention of tin
warranted strikes by foreign labor
igitators.
I believe in the limitation of for
eign immigration.
I am o native-born American
ritisen and I believe my rights in
*his country ars superior to those
of foreigners.
THE FOUNDATION
STONES
The Klan draws much of its life
blood from the old American stock.
This stock by tradition as well as
training occupies a strategic
stronghold in the American com
monwealth. It has a right to as
sert that it can furnish the nation
with the best basis for a demo
cratic ruling nucleus. In a prac
tica sense this nucleus speaks for
the whole foundational middle class
—the thought-making class—be
cause it has prepared itself to do
so. There are no better spokes
men for Americanism than those
who have grown up under the
conscious protection of the Amer
ican flag and the recognized safety
of its principles and promises. The
Klan, is built on the solid rock of
good opinion of those who have a
right to opinion.
Don t leave the Klan idea behind
you when you travel. Carry it along
and tell all the folks about it.
Ihe Ku Klux Klan moved a great
mountain by its faith, but it did so by
carting away the pebbles of opposition
one by one and establishing local or
ganization in their place.
Here Is a Klannlsb precept
Presented for your sake;
lou cannot climb to heaven
On a ladder of Yut ! K make
*
No dying man has ever been sorry
he was a Klansman. -
—-*—
You warm your hands at the devil's
fire every time you listen without pro
test to an attack on the Klan.
SAMSON AND DELILAH
An editorial by Wingfoot as it appeared in The Fiery
Cross of May 25, 1923, and reprinted here by request.
Those who are familiar with the Bible readily recall the story of
Samson and Delilah. Of how the strength of Samson lay in his hair
and how treacherous Delilah, after lulling Samson to sleep, had his
'locks shorn and, with his strength gone, he was easy prey for the
Philistines.
Although this parable was written thousands of years ago, it
could not have more fittingly depicted the condition as exists in this
country today. America is the Samson of today and Delilah, that
sinister power that is trying to wreck the vast public school system
wherein lies the strength of America.
To quote the Chicago Herald-Ex
aminer: "There are enemies of the
public schools that oppose it and
constantly seek to control because
they do not believe in American
principles upon which the public
school is founded.” Embodied in
the same editorial, the writer also
says that, "What we are today we
owe to the free and democratic in
stitution of education the public
school.”
No truer words were ever written
than those quoted above and is there
any reason why true blooded Ameri
cans should not tight the enemies of
these schools that bestow upon man
his greatest gift—that of an educa
tion? America has become great,
mighty, enlightened, through a sys
tem of public education. The world
had practically stood still for cen
tury after century under the rule
that fought education. In four hun
dred years America had accomplished
more than the combined countries of
the world had done in many times
that number of years. And, in the
meantime, some of those other coun
tries began throwing off the yoke of
that power and followed in America’s
wake. The world progressed.
And Samson said unto her: If
they bind me with seven green
wlths that were never dried, then
shall I he weak as other men.
Judges 16:22.
Peculiar it is that Samson said
seven green withs. Peculiar inas
much as that power that has always
fought education has its headquar
ters in the city that is bnuilt on
seven hills. It is the Delilah, plot
ting, planning to shear America of
its public school system, that its
strength might be gone.
Ever denying the allegations that
it does not believe in education, de
spite the absolute figures that coun
tries under its control reek with il
literacy, this power plots to control
America’s public school. The fig
ures, prepared by the Census Bureau
of the United States government, es
tablish beyond cavil that this system,
emanating from Rome, is the world’s
arch-enemy of education.
Space precludes the possibility of
going into a mass of figures at this
time, although a comparison, drawn
from authentic figures and from the
source spoken of above, would not
be amiss. We will choose eight
countries, dominated and controlled
by that rule, which openly states in
the face of these figures that it be
lieves in education, and give the rate
of illiteracy in them:
Argentina, 54.4 per cent.; Brazil,
88.2 per cent.; Spain, 58.7 per cent.;
Bolivia, 82.9 per cent.; Chile, 49.9
per cent.; Portugal, 68.9 per cent.;
Columbia, 72 per cent.; Mexico, 70.7
per cent. The total shows an aver
age of 68.1 per cent.
Eight countries free of the dicta
tions of this foreign power, with
their rate of Illiteracy, follow: Eng
land, 1.8 per cent.; Australia, 1.8
per cent.; Holland, 8 per cent.;
United States, 7.7 per cent.; Den
mark, 2 per cent.; Scotland, 1.6 per
•<*nt,; Sweden, 2 per cent.; Canada,
11 per cent. This total of illiteracy
reuches ouly 2.1 per coat. It muat
be taken into consideration that the
*'ven and seven-tenths illiteracy, as
•howa in America, includes the
hordes of aliens in our industrial
centers, and practically all of whom
.r«< subject* of this same system that
is fighting edasaiioa.
In the Shadow of the Dome
Bureau of Publication and Education
WASHINGTON, May 10. Has
William Randolph Hearst been read
ing the Fiery Cross? And is he see
ing the trend of public sentiment
with reference to the public school
system iu this country? Or what
has made him apparently change his
mind and attitude iu favor of the
American Public Schools?
These and other similar questions
are caused by seeing the Hearst pa
pers run an entire page on the front
of an editorial section of his Sunday
papers of May 4 devoted to the
strongest kind of a boost for the
American Public School. It is a
copyrighted page by the Interna
tional Feature Service and is the best
and strongest kind of Klan doctrine.
The. Hearst papers have run so
much stuff of a non-Protestant char
acter that it is certainly refreshing
to see him produce some real, genu
ine, American doctrine. It is a page
These figures present a withering
and conclusive indictment of that
system that would ruin our public
school system. It thrives best where
there is little or no education. There
fore, is it not only natural that it
would stifle education in these
United States? Let every. American
be on his guard! !
And she made him sleep upon
her knees; and she called for a
man and she caused him to shave
the locks of his head; and she
began to afflict him, and his
strength went from him. Judges
16:19.
Delilah first lulled Samson to sleep
before the attempt to take from him
his strength. Then she “began to
aulict him,” and uis "strength went
trout him.” America is lulled to
sieep by propaganda by that foreign
political ring, just as Samson was
lulled to sleep that he might be
shorn of his strength. Now that
America has been made to sleep, the
“process of affliction” has begun.
Ihe schools are flooded with his
tories that belittle that movement
which first broke the hold of that
political system that fights educa
tion. Histories are being distorted
to hide the crimes of the past that
were perpetrated in the name of
that system. Speeches are made de
crying the acts of those who would
save the schools; volumes are printed
calling these same defenders bigots.
A hue and cry is raised that those
who stand for American principles
are creating strife, destroying friend
ship, stirring up race prejudice and
creating dissension. Is the man who
suddenly finds his home being rob
bed, and grapples with the burglar,
to be accused of stirring up strife
because he could, if he wished, stand
peacefully aside and permit the rob
bery? Who is to be blamed for the
resultant fight? The one who would
steal or the one who would prevent
it?
America has been lulled to sleep
and Is now “being afflicted."
Howbeit the hair of hie head
began to grow again after he was
shaven. Judges 16:22.
There has now come into exist
ence. an organization which is fully
aware of the attack on our public
schools. Its ranko are being swelled
by thousands each day. This organ
ization, the Ku Klux Klan, stands
for free public education; free press
and free speech. It believes in
America for Americans, and its mem
bers are bound by oath to guard its
fiag and its Constitution.
The enemy has fear in Its heart,
and in turn is spewing venom; print-*
ing untruths and using every artifice
known to it to belittle and kill this
organization thut only too well
known its past history as well as Its
present activities. This organiza
tion Is founded upon the fundamen
tals by which success Is always at
tained. It Is founded upon Chris
tianity, loyalty to (iod and to coun
try and enlightenment.
Despite the rancid utterances; de
spite the propassnda; despite the
bittar fight bow being waged against
It by those who v luld take America
from Americans, ue Ku Klux Klsa
has already won success and those
gates from this i ty on will be but
added successes.
"The hair has again begun to
grow.”
Friday, May 23, 1924
I that should be read by every good
j American in this country, for it con
tains facts that should sink in deep
ly. Nearly half the page is taken
up with a picture of school houses,
which form the bulwark of the gov
ernment of the United States. The
lower half of the page is a most
forceful argument in behalf of the
public school system of America and
ties the future of our government up
directly as the result of our public
schools and what the young men and
women of today are taught in order
to make them the real men and
women of tomorrow.
The entire feature is one grand
argument for public schools as they
exist in America today as against
the private school or the narrow,
prejudiced church %chool that has in
mind only one thing. It is to be
hoped that Mr. Hearst has seen the
light so strongly that he will keep
up this sort of preaching in his
string of great and influential news
papers.
WHAT WASHINGTON SAID
All good Americans like to go
back and quote from George Wash
ington, the Father of our great coun
try. Take his Farewell Address and
see what can be gotten out of that:
“Be American,” he said. "Let
there be no sectioaalism. no North,
South, East or West, you are all de
pendent one on another, and should
be one union. Beware of the bane
ful effects of party spirit and of the
ruin to which its extremes must lead.
Do not encourage party spirit but use
every effort to mitigate and assuage
it. Keep the departments of govern
ment separate, promote education,
cherish the public credit, avoid debt,
observe justice and good faith to
wards all nations; have neither pas
sionate attachments to any; and be
independent politically of all. In
one word, be a nation; be Ameri
cans, and be true to yofirselves.”
million dollars a week
A lot of good American people are
being hoodwinked, deceived and bun
koed every week of their lives and
don’t seem to know It or realize the
true situation. There is an esti
mated cost of mailing literature of
one million dollars a week spent by
the various radical organizations i”.
this country. Mailing just one no
defense pamphlet to pastors by only
one of 500 organizations cost $50,-
000. There are hundreds of thou
sands of pamphlets boosting the Bol
shevik cause sometimes openly,
sometimes through the “boring from
within” process, mailed to students,
teachers, workers and organizations.
At one dinner in New York City
recently, 80.000 was dumped on
the table for the use of a society,
which has among its directors known
Third Internationale agents and
sympathizers.
And then some people have the
nprve to ask “Why the Klan?"
Don’t you think the Klan has a lot
of work to do and is working for a
righteous cause?
READY TO PAY THE PRICE
Charles Recht, the New York law
yer who was on the staff of Ludwig
C. A. K. Martens, the “Bolshevik
Ambassador," who was ordered de
ported after an investigation by Con
gress, is quoted as saying that the
Moscow government was ready to
spend several millions of dollars in
the United States to bring about offi
cial recognition of Soviet Russia by
this country.
Are we to Infer from this that
every one who talks and works for
recognition of the Soviet regime in
this country is being paid the price?
A government that Is ready and will
ing to spend millions for recogni
tion will stop at nothing. That
might be a good question to ask the
fellow who tries selling you on the
Idea of recognition for the Soviets of
Russia. Do you want that kind of
money or are you one of the kind to
follow George Washington and hi*
ideals and teachings?
LEGAL WORKING AGE
Efforts to lower the legal working
age from 18 to 16 in the proposed
constitutional amendment now be
fore the Senate were denounced by
Samuel Gompers. president of the
American Federation of Labor, as be
ing tne result of inspired and mis
leading propaganda. Mr. Gompers
said he believed President Nicholas
Murray Butler, of Columbia, had
been mislead or he would not have
written to Benator Wadsworth, of
New York, that the “notion that
every boy and girl should be kept In
school until 18 years," la "Sheer
sentimentality."
The eonstitutlonal amendment
would not provide anything of that
kind, Mr. Oomp*n« pointed out. The
amendment Itself merely gives Con
gress the right to prescribe the labor
of children up to 18 yeura of age and
In enabling legislation It will pre
scribe these labors In accordance
with the demands of people at (he
time (he legislation is passed, be
■aid J