TOWN AND COUNTRY. T111
The cearth and vegetation cry for Ref
rain. Io some parts of the paiish
every thing is "dried up," save poli
Stics. The
The river continnes to rise rapidly
at this point, being now in good
boating order. We are pleased, how Ke
ever, to state that the river above is
falling rapidly, so there can be no
danger apprehended from this "big plat
rise." plat
at t
Oar friends from the Cointry are of w
requested to call at the Vindicator of- chai
flee and subscribe, for the cimpaign.
Do not fail to do thi s, as we wish tahe
jpaper in the hIands of every rater in Lol
the parish. here
_ - ----- litic
Parish Central Committee will meet in t
at 10 o'clock A. M., Monday. - vrn
and
Our esteemed friend, Joseph ftenry i
Esq., returned from the city on the refl
Bart Able last Tuesday. Mr. Henry
was a delegate to the Baton Rouge ini.,
Convention, and was one of the ma- tioi
kers of that superb ticket we will stit
imow
elect this fall. Mr. Henry informs us to t
that the enthusiasm among iall classes of t
is unbounded. New Or'leanis solid- bet
ly united upon the MEN and PLAT. sacs
FO(l)I of Baton Rouge. citi
-ý---- ý~-- nn
fen
The "White League element" may
'very had in the eyes of the New
(lesns Reputblican, but we can as- Ror
iare t!iit Sheet tlhat they were thie tir
men who went heart and soul to Bat- te
on Ranouge and nominated Frank T, bit
kicholls, Hof Assumption, for Governor. tlh
The Republicank will give them bat
todit for doing one good thhing, whlich ad
is, nominating a ticket that even calls for
forth its approval, and that lian made
every Radical in the State qjiake w0ith
fear of defeat. sire
eve
IMPORTANT TO TAXPAYERS.-: pe
The Auditor, in. compliance with int
the advice of Gov. Kellogg, has 't;:>
Notified the Tax Collectors of
throughout the State to receive
all back taxes without penalties, of
if paid within ninety days from me
Bt July. S
-º.+. - -r~r -- "Pt-
,The District and Senatorial sel
bpnventions are jie4cestdd to re- tr
Iaember the claims of Natchito- his
ches parish for State Senator.
We, as a pebple, ask nothing i
tore than that, and we hope that Snt
the delegates will accord us the re
,to name t good, popular and ti
Svpilable mati for the position. t"
- - ---u-- sal
The members i6f the Parish on- .fii
iral Cdinmittee are requested to dib
ineet at the Booms of the Com-i Ra
inittee on Monday next, Angiist to
4; is.iO Ar W Important britai li
- .efis will be transacted, and a full I
tfte~,lanee is reqneq ted.
:I M. J. Cunnningham, Esq., has
iireturned with isi family from tsle r
icity, We iite pleased to note hisi
Sgood health.
lii
O, Old Babine will roll up her ahon: ci
!nd majority this year. She is
je banner parish and iiiy b
apded upon.,
- ~he colored citizemis are joining P
whites in large, niimbers in h
ry paris hi the, State. E'en- tl
la~rlh of Cardoll Iddii gIdoomS
Sad. ros.
-*lel i~ i • D enoergtie..Cn
itve debsi Nii cliattcliet s .
i, in whlich the erapge eol
- membership is 45., Is that I
er our one tlbdosand I Eeep
e glorious wofgikt' is; vote
gsY granidd and ididy
wrk.. The.iheeing eliga this
a Atllgi lirge minnial(* ofoolor
who have idMtwe forward 1
p~"I at thiis i~dtly hour and
lai a ida af for. good
bg of the "town I)em
onjiw4 be bett~er the
weoulik-ssume Ike uses
tl'hibte itiseus. of.the
ee ..of ao it Z -..t toae.
, thy demand
tastja ht plio p t."
*~~r~arlrdi!~::Dicke~
:~r:isssmqp· ont,
~1C.~3ftfiI
Mi~ruodre.
jet!d~i·- r Inth
~--'·-.~n dayf
tin.
-9-:· ..`
Reform, a Fair Eiectiolu Pubhlic W
Schools, Railroads; etc.;
Demanded. ti
Stit
The St. Louis N'ominres and l lat- t,,t
form Inlorsed. be
Kellogg and the Radical Party De
nounced.
Tihe following is the fall report on pa
platform of the committee appointed CE
at the Baton Rouge Convention, and 1r
of wlhichl Gov. Albert Voorhies was at
chairman :
REFORM. el.
We, the representatives of the Demo-. 1l
craLtic-Conservative party of the State of of
TOlliSlHtlnl, ill CODlOlltioln Ssellbled. do ,til
hereby declare adiinistrltive anl po- p
litical reform to he tlhe paramount issue Cr
in the coming general ele'ctioln, and we re
earn.rstly appeal to our fellow-citizens of th
every foriner politicaIl association, white Cl
and colored, to zealously (o-operate with its
us in our pronloi.nced e!ort to teffect such lit
reformi . ri
T'HE I'AI)IrAL PARTY. .
We arraign the Radieal p'rty of Lou- in
isiana for marked and firequenl t viola
tions ot the letter and spirit of the con- i(
stitution ; for the assumption of illicit 1i
powers fie the eneblit of.the. party, ald ti,
to the grew illiury and almintot total ruin a1
of the state; forI foinentisig dissensions tl
betwee the races anwt deliier-tclv cx- hI
citing stritfi and turmoil. thereby cruelly
eacrificing the lives of colored and.white
citizens, witli the intent of proctrinlg (,
unwarranted anld inconstitutionial inter- ta
ferenlee iii our State altaiis. tl
'rtEr tUsuhii.rtox. 1
We denounce the usurpative and bad
government which Louisiana has suiiered I
fe ir tile last fimr 'earSn, )L usurpation lin
dter which ottioelt elected ,by the people a,
have been displaced, the government ar- it
bitrarily overthrown by Federal power, t
the Legislature invadet and dispersed by a
bayonets in time of prIofouId peahe,, and h,
such violent and tnlawfal interference
adds but anotherto to th hiuigliits of crimes
for which the Republictun party should
be held to account inl Novemear nicxt.
e A FAIR ELECTION,
We hereby proclaim that it is outi de
sire and fixed purpose, uinder any andH
every provocaltion, to have a fair and
peaceable electiona; int we deuiand andti
insist that there shall be no tlolence orI
intimidation exercised .towards such of r
our colored. fellow-citizous as as may wish
to co-operete.with us for the redemption l
S of the State frumn misrule.
e AMENINMY't TO nilE CONSTITUTrr N'. I
We fully recognze the bindinding effect t
of the three recent articles of amend p
m11 ent to the Constitution of the Uniled a
States, amid icept the same as a final I
settlement of the cohtitoVetsies that en- n
gendered civil war, and we pledge our- p
selves to protect every citizen in the ex- a
ercise of the rights acquired and gliaran- y
tee y idby am endmtents, whatever be I
1- his race, coor dr previouts condition. a
rf, TiU STATE FIAN Es.
We hereby.pledge our party,to the sat
isfaction of all the legal obligatiou is- .
It sIad by the State of LoAinsia ;i to the
most strennius eftirtr in the direction of
reform and an economlien ual uinistra- t
d tion of the Governmllllet, and eelietially i
to the abolition of all iinnecessaury pub
lie ofices; to. the reduction of fees and '
salaries of ofHlcers; to tihe standard of a
I- fitir remilneration aInd the conseqiuent re
daction of taxation to the loterst pnssi
bloe limitit coudlnieasurato with tile neces
Snary expenseCI off the govermnent anal
the preservation of the puiblic faith, andl
to tihe ctnrtailnenit of the damrnerounsly
. large piatrpInailge of the tlhatf EHxelative
of the State.
THE TEXAS IAILROAI).
We declare ourselves in favor of the
p.~,m,ge of the Texas Pacitic Railroad
15 bill, now pbuding before Congress, andi
SrecomUmIeltd oulr lilecumbers of Congress to
aidvocate its piassage at aii early dlate.
pnatc sur c N snoLs otl ttl ..
We advocate the fostering of the pub
lie schools for the lpnelit of al-l the edu
:eatable children If the State, .ndE that
equal adlvantage be given to all tchildren,
I colored as well as rvlute.
TIll ST. LOdIS UOfINEE
We cordlially approve of gqd endorse
the platform of the Nation:al Dlem~cratiC
g Iparty, recedtly asse!imbled in coli,-entioli
at St. Idns,. int feel inspited *i~li the
ta ope ofs bqtter Governmeait .ig the fit
oture; bdtt the great questlion it teorm is
brought bef the peopiaof the whole
country lir.. tgreat natitn party, and
we pledfui 9urselvca to use our utmost
efforts to *teehre the success of those
great ex'plqnts. of national reform,
an'i J. Tible ain4 Thos. A. Hendricks.
Dissolution of Partnership. ,
the Ari o RUSZSiLL & BARBEE has this day p
been dise 'ted by mutual consent. Either part p
nor is adthorised to liquidate all business con y4
SEWeet with the late irm. One of the above 0
ta will always be found t Grand Eeore, who it
~ll take plealsre in answering all communit 1
cations conneeted with the old ibaslinoes.
W. E. RUSSELL.
W. H. BARBEL i.
Grand Eoore, a. July i, 187,.
Business Partnership. t
W. H. BARBER having neamed t4b Forwara.
ding and Receiving bsinosmr  tfore con.
duted by RUSSELLI BA BA.IR s this das
auoelated himself with S~DD.AT1 .& CHAM c
BERG, and the bdinee ill a b efter be oat
ried on by SUDDA Ai, 0C &BR S & IAR
1 ThakA li for past favors,. I would respqt.
e fully sellit a contiiatunce of patronage fat the
p~imisfndh 1.
- - W.. DA2RDE .
.- Grand Eoore, La., July 5, 187.
.. .W. ,ITD t.-I JOHN CHalnBER
I SWDTB . CR IDIIS & ARNý,
Li- or rding, Rece.ii.l
36 --AND-.
fOtr s mihi sicite and c onimpt
LkI -a fuln om pleto. . k.o. general
haadhe 6olitL to the waeaof the
dlirk usof cotton an4 ,mnerchan
pn4s aelei and ptompt
Iy Isttmdei
July `
t ° WIE . TThm gods,
ý,. AtkIi& s mtgm 0ý.p4fd DliRE
i .W3oICLT3r
-I 4
TIE PLATFORM. ,I
St. Lou.is. June ?R.-The eonve,:tion gi
war cailed to order. t,2:15 p. mi. tutu
Judge Meredith, of Virgiui:a, Chairman furtl
of Commnntittee on RIesolutions, presented the .
the report. stating a great many resole- y a
tions were presented, aill of wlii h had king
ben carefu!ly exabiiped. apd discussed !ion?
before coming to anll agtetient. He re- issue
quested Governor Dorshohuer, . of New and
York. to read it to the conventioln, as tfd- i
lows: woul
S THE PLATFORM.
We. the delegates of the D)einoeratic in re
party of the Unitted States, in National the
Counveutilon ass(,iblel, do here declare clusi
the admuiinistration of the Federal Gov- the I
erniment to be in urgent need of immedi- lhel
ate reform, do hereby enjoin upon the taii
nomlinees of this Convention and of the any
1)emoeratic party in each State a zealous tihi
elf rt and co-operation to this end, :al filSt
do hereby appeal to our fellow-citizens ct
of every former political connection to tt.v
undertake with us this first and most ly
pressing patriotic duty. For the Demo- ii
crney Of the whole country we do here tiny
reaffirm our faith in the permanency of It
the Federal Ujnion. Our devotion to the Exp
Constitution of the United States, with ecor
its amend.ui eunts universally accepted as a n
final settlement of the controversiet that be s
enrendeired civil war, and do here record and
our steadfast cotnido1ce in the perIpetuity a hr
of Re publicain self-goverlninent; in abso. post
luto aicquiescence ill the m ill of the na- 11tt
jority, the vital principles of republics lie
ill tlu supremay'i of' the elvil over the pats
milit:ary authority; in the total sepera- the
t ion of Church and State for the sake INS
alike of civil anud religious freedom ; in 11
the equality of all citizens before just pert
laws of their o)i enactminent; po
IN THE LIBERTY refa
of individual conducllt, unvexed by slump- i1
teary laws. In thlite faithful education of Pr'
the rising genteration, that they may tois
Preserve, enjoy and transmit these best th
conditions of hinuman happiness and hope, 5
we behold the noblest products of a hun- a In
flred years of changeful history; but trw
while upiholding the' hond of our itnion, lie.
and the great charter of these our rights, Pi'
it behooves at free people to practice also of ]
that eternal. vigil:atie which is the price as
of liberty. Reforw is necessary to re
hbuild and establish in the hearts of the pro
whole people the union eleven years ago ut
happilv rescued from the danger of a cor- o
rupt centralism which, after inflicting ,e
upon ten States the ra~acity of See
CARPET-BAG 'YRANfIIES. e t
Has honey-conmbed the offllicers of the Gi
Federal Government itself with ineapaci- ri
ty, waste:and fraud, infected States and
m nicilpmlities with the contagion of mis
rule, and lucked fast the prosperity of an 1
induistrious people in tie paralysis of re
hard times. Reform is necessary to es- Pr
tablish a sound uenrrency, restorte the
public credit, and mainitain the national c
honor. We deinonee th6 failure foir all S
t these eleven years to make good the cra
'promise of thie legal tender notes which TH
i ore a changing sta ard of value in the 'rh
I hands of the :people, iand the non-pay- chi
ment of which is a disregard of the les
pighted faith of the nation. We de- tioi
nounce the iriiprovidence which in eleven the
years of lpeace hias taken from tile people par
e in Federal taxes thirteen times the whole a
anoutlit of the legal tender notes, and
squandered four times this sum in use
less expensei without accumulating auny
reserve for their redemption. We de- te
nounce thie financial imbecility and ini- ca
Smorality of that party which, during cC
eleven years of peace has made no ad- B
vance toward resiumption ; that insteaid, co
Shas obstructed resumption by . wasting net
ulilr resources and exhausting all our stir
plius income, and while annully profes
sing to intend
rº
A SPEEDY RETU? TO SPECIE r
PAYMENTS e:
has annually enactedl fresh hindrances ch
thereto, as such a hitiderape we de- =
niouneit the regruiuptioni 1a ise of the 'tct
'of 187!9, anti we~here 4emand tt riejal.
We demand a .juidicious systei ot pre
paration by l1iblie econoni.s, ,iy official
t retrenichmenis and by wise lthance which Pu
d shall enable the nation, td insure the
i wholeworld of its peyffe, dbility and its
tperieo.t readiness to ntelst any of its prom
ises at the call of tile creditor entitled to
p:lyment, We beliei'e seuh a system,
weltl devised aiid above all entrusted to
competent liandis for execution, creating
tat no tinuii lti artificial scarcity of cur
rency and sit 1no time alarming the pub
lie nuiiiid into.a withdrawal of that vats
ter iuiacline'y of credit by whicl ninety
five pier cent: of all business transactions
are performed, a system open, publii aind
inspiring general confidence would from
I the day of its adoption
e BRING HEALING ON ITS WINGS
iI to all our harrassed industry and set in
i motion the wheels of coinnierce, mann.n
e faetures and the mechanical arts2 restore sq
id employment to labor and renew nt a'll its ci
)t national source the prosperit7 of the tA
e people. Reform is necessary if t'he sum I
n, and mode of Federal taxation to the end ft
ka that capital may be set frite fio distress in
- and labor lightly *ifdenfd. We de
nonnee the preseuti. tatiff levied upon
nearly four tloutitaid asticles i a amaster
y piece of linustiee, ineqiii.,fty and false
rt pretonse; it vields a dwuindling, not a -
n yearly rising~evenuo; iit has ivpoverish
e ed niniy iiindustries to subs.(ize a few;
o it prohibits ihports that iiuigfd purchase
the products of American labor; it "hias
degrditd AtnerTran coimnerbo from the
first to; als inferior upon the liigh seae;
it has cnt down the sales of
AMERICAN MAUIJFACTURE8
at honie and alroadtidnd deplefed the re
turns of uLnerican 4zriculture 6r indus
. try followed by half our people; it costs
a. the peojefe tioe iiies more thhh it pro
duces to the treasury, obstrmnts the pro
cess of production and wastte the fruits
of labor;' it promotes fraud and fosters I
smuggling, entiches disionest officials
and bhaikunptal lionest merchants. We
demand that all Caistomboiuse taxation
shall be only forrevenue.' Reforrias nee
he essary In tht scale .of public expense,
Federal, Stite and Mnnlciptdl * federal
. taxation has swollen fin $fS,00,000
gold in 1860 to S4 ;000,000 currency in
870. Our aggregate taxation from $184,
S000,000 godIn 1860 to *736,000,000 cr
rency In 870,', or in on, decde froin less
than ive dollars per hiat to'mife than
eighteen dollars per heat Since the
1 peace the people have paid to their tax
gatherers mole than thiiee the sum of
the national debt, and more than twice
that aum foir the Federal G'overnment
alone. We Ammabd a vigorous frngal ty
in every department and (aeo every of
' Acer of the government,
REFQlli I NECESSARY
to' put a stop to the protllgate waste of
publie lands,.and their, diwersou from .a
L* tual settlete by the party ltrpow'er, which
has eqnandered two hundred millions of
lacres upon railroads alotte, and out of
dae more than thrice that aggregate has dis
posed of less than a sizth dreetly to til
h•, 1era of the soil. Rform:isiwnseenary to
mpt- correct the omissions of Repnblican Con
gros, and thtt errors of our treaties, apd
ourdliloumaey which have stripped obr
fellow citizens of foreigif brth a$d kin
dred riese rectelming the AttiC8 of the
f shieltl of Aaerlbain eitbktitsliki ait, have
- I _expoledFelisM ,hi'd~ththe l slope
to the .4itfdilous of a r perjaot prig
from the sanie great p - in fact
now denied by, law eI th rongh
i"" -l~eh thus disearila
and. ",1 ~ tI*b
tr|'t';l , w¢1ith t;*L},C"`'* :ese l,|flpiw, ort et,h ii
le 'it.iot. y .oprgrres, w:ithii a e+uisti
tu ti mn a l lim ita t ' ;u a s :h a ll p rt IIh'rt l h t
furthler imillrR.italtio or inunination ,,f
the Mongolian race. Reform is nicessa
ry ani! can never he elfecteud but by mua
king it tlhe tlntrolling issue of tha eleo
tOilons. and lmtting it above the two thlse
issues with whichlil the oflice-holding class
and the p: t'y in power seek to smother
it.. The fdso issues with which they
would enttrinLdle
:SECTARIAN STRIFE
in respect to the. public schools, of which
the ostbl'ishment and support belonmg ex- , i
clusivety to the several Sates, and .whitih
the inmocratric party has ,herishedl from l
their iiiuhdation aild resolved to main- I1ti
tauo without partiality or profrit,'nce for t
any cldas, sect or cre d, and without coii
triiiitinig fromt the treasury to ainy. . The 'Tlit; I
false issue by which they seek to light CII
anew the dieing embers ef sectional hate
lietween kindlred piople once uniat iiral- l Io
ly est.lrangedi, but mow rnmnited in one consi
inlivisible republic and a couniom dtes
tiny.
Reformin is necessary in the civil service.
Experience proves that the elliieint
economical conduct of the govertiuiental
business is not possible if its ciii service
be suljected to change at every elhcttin.
and be a prize offered at the ballot-box as
a brief reward of party zeal, instead of BRO
posts of honor assigned for proved coimn
wpotency, and held for fidlelity in the pub- LA)
liec empjloy. ltat the dispensing of the
patro'tgo should nicither be at x i upon
the time of all our pubhlic nen, nor the
INSTRUMEN'T OF 'rITHEIR AMIITION. Wool
Helitre agahi¶ profssionis falsified in the 116
per'irmatiee attest thiit the piarty in
power can work no practical or salutary
rertima Rltiin is tlecessaiy vien more
minhe liighei graides of public sei'vice.
f l'Presidleiit, Vice-President, Juilges, Sena
tors, Representative, Cabinet Ofticers, mena
these, and all others in Aiutholiity are the
people's servunts. Thieir othees are not Cr
a private perquisite. T'ihey are a public
trust. When the annals of this Repulº
lie, the disgrace and celnsure of a Vice
Presidtunt, ta late Speaker of the House A
of Represelntatives nmarketing his ruling GRO
as a presiduingt officer,
TIIIRE} SENATORS B
profitiug si eretly by their votes as law In
Simakers, thie chairmlan of the leading A
coimiittees of the late House of Repre- on h
Ssentatives exposed in jobbery, a hIate acas
Secretary of the Treasury forcing balhnic- ment
es of the public accounts, a late Attorney Iii
General misappropriating public funds, prodi
a Secretary of the Navy enriched or en- or4
riching friends by percentages, levied oft Ma
the profits of contractors with his depart- -
tent, all Ambassador to England censur
ed in a dishonorahble speculation, the
Presidlent's Private Secretary barely es-ý (
caping conviction ulipon trial for guilty
Scomplicity in frands upon the revenue, a
i Secretary of War impieaiched for high TEl
cruimes and confessed nuisdemeanors.
I THE DEMONSTRATION IS COMPLETE
SThat the first step tiitit be the public T
lchoice of honest mtuti from another lparty,
o lest the disease of one political organiza- it v
tion infest the whole body politic and am
n thereby making no chantuge of men or oi
li party, we can get no change of tticeasures ply
0 and to rfcrorm; try
d ALL THESE AItSES, A
wtougs itand ecIimes, th1i product of six
. teen years of ascetidancy of the Republi
can party, create it neccessity for reform
g confessed by the Reptaiblicains themselves.
But these refsormers are voted down in
convenition atid displaced front the Cabi- DR
Snet. The pieti's mass of hion1st votes is
Spowerless to tesist the eighty thousand.
. oftlice holdelrs, its leaders and guides. Re-
tformi callt only lie had biy ai peaceful civic AN
E rtvoluticn. We demand aIt chanige of
systemi, a change of admninisthationi, ai
change of piarties, that we may have a _r
change of mnen.
TARE
iSlMlIlIS' LItil( 1110ITBTOli,
. For all diseases of the Liver, Stoainch 'i l
i alnd Spleen.
ts AfTT
After Forty Years trial it is
still receiviing the most ot!iqaial
illed testimionials of its virtues, 1st
' from| piersisiis of the highest
t character tilul .tespohnillility. 2nm
. Eminent phiysicuana comnuend
it as the snod.
It is endt1ieiitl.. a Family.
Medieing, imrt( by3 being kept
ready for immediate resort,
will <sbve ninny an hour of suf
: Irfiiug' ahd" inany a dollar ini
DOCTORS' BILLS:
Your Regulator is tt' of th best fami
n- ly medicin-es I ever uise?. I have not
ne spent one dollar for mny family for medi
its clie mn' 4ve years, only for your Rlhgula
he tor, and nmbui say it does all it says it
am will. Yeo can also recomnmensl ii in Colic
ad for Stock, it having cured a fiue male of pr
'e mine worth Five Hundred dollars.
de- J. A. NELSoN, Matcoi, Go.
'n 't, Liver, the largest org an
er- in the body is geaerally the
lse seat of the disense, auad if not
a letulated in tnme, great saf
sh- fering, wretchedness, aUdm
w; DEATH will ensue.
If you fcel Dull, TDrow y, Dec
lis bilitatcd, have frequent Head
the ache, Month Tastes badly, pOr
as; Appetite "and 'rToumn. Cozfet
yu are suffering frin Torpid
Liver or "'lDlliousness," and
nothingwill, .ute you so speedi
r ly and perilhaently.
t Hon. Alex. H. Stephens.
ro- "I occabibimlly .use, wh'ea iMy cohdi
ro- tion reqgires it, D[r. 8immonns' Liver Deg
uits ulator, with good effect."-lleoi. Alex.
trs H. Stepheis.
hou "Your IRegilator has been in use in my
se- family for some time, ainUl f Sin persuf
use, ded it is a vailnable additiemi to theamedi
oral lescicnce."c-GoV. ii oWl shortsy, Ala.
0 *"1 have uneir the Jteguilator t my fam
.8in ily for the past seveateen yearw. I ean
safely recommend it to the wvld as thie
cur- best medicine I have ever .uee for that
es class of disoases it purports to eure."-
h. F. Thigpen.
tax .Dalimuore F'piucojrd Afthaodlet.
m of~
wice This imediine is acknowledg
neat ed to have no equal as a Liver
alty medicinew containgthose8outh- 4
y of- ern Hoots mid IHrbs which an I
all-wise Provitleuce bas placedI
in ootthitries where Liveft Disk I
eases.Juiat prevail, .... .
to of . Iadies Eanorement.
i " ac- " l-ike given your medicine a thor
hich ough triid, alta in no dase has it failed to
is of give full satisfaction."--Ellear Meacham,
ut of Chattahoochee, Flhi.
Pro.f onah.
rv to "Fro actual experencd in the use of
Cou this mueicine in mypractete, I have been
apd aidam asatsaled.to use- ad.pre.ibe it
Ior as a purgative medieine."---Dr..J. W. Ma
ki-soin. ....
.,, Jr. sFlorids o f iir e."
have "I haye used Dr. 8immoe. Liver Reg
uiator on family for Dyspepsia and
t.ASick H:aija ia , a, g it an invalu
uigh able _i. It has not failed tegive
a relis 4l auy nissiancey--ibv, w. F.
quave -lai+
tader . Pesddut .~eru k,
flipy7 "lmmpna' Live ilatol ii certai"
.... Il a .ipefle ftat ..of .ooplsl'ats
w.: Wiii lIidm to m, ~',--Bov. Dsvid
5asy 64t.
i!. t.11CAtVER. R. 1.TA L)ý|1.
Natchitoehes, La.
Lnde
Fir tlihe FALL and WIN
TER Trade.
NEW G(0()1)S ! 1
New Goods t !i
'11E 'lentire stork is better and marl,, rc
I select than :ny ,every introdnic.d into cong
I his nmarket, a~nd halving IeIn i pure'havld y is
wit h CASII, can be ,old ltc.er tiar the hl.
lowerst. and1(I,
Thim Motto of the Firm is to sell itnd
CIIEAIPEl~ T'IAN TIlE CHEAI'EST. in'to
l]* Call and examine our stock, O!:ich ini
fonsists in part of Os to
CASSIMAERI S, oi,
JEAN'S,
TW;'IEii ,
K(RRSEYS,
PRINT'S, Eili
BROWN & BLEACHED COTTONS,
LOWELLS Was
LAI)IES' DRESS GOODS, Doct
TRIMMINGS, tuniI
BLANKETS, NINs
("se
Woolen Goods of all kinds. Dr
SHOES,
LADIES' and GENT'S. HATS. chlal
Clothing, a full and Complete Assort. N ;
ment. 1111
Crockery, Hollow & Wil- of
low Ware. c
A full line of FANCY and FAMILY aum
GROCERIES, WINES,WINES, LIQUORS, &C.
Books, Stationary, &c., &c. blue
In fact
A FIRI5E and ~elec. stock of odts. always th
on hand, which having been pdlui:ased on c
a cash basis enales us to offer extra inducet
ments to cash buyers. or t
I[ighest cash price paid for cotton and other lar
produce, and liberal advances made in cash la
or merchandise on ,onsigumenut a t
March "Sj--I. ta.
of I
Board I.n HoR1rie. and
wid
(Corner FRONT and TOULINE Streets.) two
NATCHITOCHES, LA. loo
diet
TERMS: Only One Dollar and a half sigt
per day. fuP
HAVING leased the NARCISSE PRU- 1)c
DIOM H Mll bulilding, andtl furnished f
it with new and elegant Furniture. I 1
am prepared to accommodate loauders, qni
Ir oth, transient an.l permanent, and sup- reli
s ply them with all the delicacies the coun- erci
try aflords, L. H. BURDICK, grl,
April 1-ly. Proprietor.
to
Tamr es G.eetll , hibe'
Corner Jefferson and Amulet Steets by
- -dealer in- E
DRY GOODS, i
GROCERIES,. apn
HARI)WAItE,
AND GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
' lBergains offered to CASII ers. } .l3
March d3-iv Ag
NA!ORIZTOOZUS
SEIGH soCHOOL
-0O-
'THE building is completed :IaTd will be
1 opened ftir the rccepltion lf e 'pils, on
MONDAY. 3d day of AirILI next.
Claases to be Of thre6 grades.
1st Elementary Spelling, Reading, Wri
ting and first rules of .Arithinetic. t
2nd Same tscontinued, with History, Ge
ograplhy, Oral Arithlnetie,, nuse of
lobes, English ~hrutallr, Rhetric, A
Exerdise d it Elfoction and Comlposi
tioli .
3rd Higher or University Arithmetie,
advancedl Mathematics, Natural aml
Moral 'Philoeol'hy, and the Aucient
Languages. (Latin and iGreek.)
TERMS:
STuition, for First Class, per auOil @3.0&
" " Second " " . 4 00 A
": " Third" " ', " 5.00
i (Payable monthly.)
c Board can e h1ad in thle city with
of private farwlies, from 910 to ri2 per
month.
- , W. C. JACK, C
Madt; 2---tf. Principal.
-DEALER IN
D'RY GOODS,
GOIC ERIES,
IIARDWAIRE,
ai'd OENERAL MERCIIANDISE.
I~ ktgah.ub td o As Caoomers.
JVFIErSON STRET.
arch S-a-ly.
ga
, WEBS1E'S IUAIl GED
D ICTION ARY
IMOt THE SCHOOL ROOM.'
S00 El pravilap; 1810 iuarlo: rice $i1
A NEW FEATUBE;
T0hbb sbo lirais3_ ss .hsci.fore in We b
ner'd UDnbhriOliI e lbh-e added foli pages of
<CO)hOrES IE.LUUTRSflOMS
eaj '' ea saly for tlse. work at larg e-o
er .er. St perlatendent of Publitbco
lastrutloiif the Union, or corresponding of
tleer, whrroe sech a* one exist, hra reeommend
ed Webrter 'tDictioary in the strongeat terms.
SAewmagbWl ere tlese aof Eartn. Not-thorn
Middler M othbern and Wujtsea States-iTWE
T.or- TY IGET in all.
' to rATE ItanbRaCl S. .
Tn TState orfNEW YORK has placed f1,00m,
coples of.Welbskter's Uaabridge in as many of her
The State o W"i osiO1i, abbot5O0-nearly
o of every l,,ool,
Th e gScT o . of MIICBIGAN minde provision
Ia- for all her Sehools.
Theb State of MtASSACHUSSETTS has sap.
pliedhr lho.ih-sar al tlni . .
The Stiat of IOW& hua npplied her Schools.
The State of CONNEOTICUT has'm{ae poe.
Svisen for hert Jetool. -
and Over aTo sohools in INDIkNX were i
ain- sup during the year 17¶3 and miny more
inu I3 and 1874.
, In other Satas qi' copies b...::libd" par
F obaed for espply~ui eheols of cities, cunties
nnd towns.
What better iavestmaent ean h5 made for
ai._ ~Mors than ten tineeU ,u .. 7 a-sotd o
7r Were' Dltionaries, as of any other Series
in tha Contry..
li At least foar-laths of all the Sohool-Boos
oiublishMe in this eoantry owe Webstern a-their
tanlard4 a-d of the reslader, few alkuowil
............iiy~ ~O ~.,rg I3·~t
Mu
FOUNDED IN 1825.
Under the Direction of the Iteligious of
the Society of the Sacred Heart., HI
all be
ST. JAMES PARLSII, LA. Gouhi
story.
SITHIS Institutlion i Ipleasan:tly situated arne
Son thet liasi'..iIppi ]iv.cr, about. CO) 0 a
milers above New Orlat. The buildings enoug
nare spaciou atitid well vcentilated;' The ains
aim ofn 1tc itvligions conductiug it, is to [)elute
seeiue t. their pupils a tholrough and ne- about
coiuplishwl idueation. Simplicity of B. F
dress is einfored lby the rules. IThelir YOs
health is tihe object ut'intiring solicitudi' eb; t
aindl, in sitcknts:, they are adittctionatl.1 cl nthe
fud nl ostailtly attinded to. Nseel
''hy scholla;tic ye:.l, which is divided write
into two sessionis of live months e;ch, ence
i'tl'lences ou tllhe li'rst Vrlesda; y of allov
Octobler. and tliluiniatea s ii the last wcek Ei
of tlhie falllwievng July. ad
Terms for the ichohtitlic Year, N
Payaible in current fmilis, and always ini
Adcatie. morta
astists
Entralnce Fee, (buit onle) $6
Board, with tuition in Englih;l and lan
French 180 .(I 5.
Wishltl 0 of the
Books lll Stationery 14 thaen
Doctor's ree i cess a
Sunminc liatlh "I ha
Mus!c fl) bewt
Use of Piano or Harp 15 reach
Drawing 30 free.
Vr:u ation! charge, (foa Aigust and SC
e'pt-crleT) 4u
Pupils are adn,ittecl at any time, and boom
chlrgedl only from the date of entralilnct.
No deduction is mlade fli, a pupil who tents
may he witlhdrawn beifore the expiration
of the Session, unless it be on account
of sicki'ess.
No ptutieular dress is required, ex- kind
epIt on Sudiays and 'Thuirsdays, when tellsI
Iltie Merino is worn in winter, alnd in with
ummlllller, pink lawnl, antd occasionally lli
white Jalcotnet or NaTinsook moms
Each pupil should be, povided with a tnrec
blue, a white and a pink dress; a white 'or
plaini Iolbbinet veil, two and a half or gives
three Vards long, according to the size of gave
the yvoun lidy; a black plain liobbihuet .
eil, twevo changes of under garments, l
twelve pairs of hose, a dozen amid a half Inal
or two dozen pocket handkerchiefs, eight "a
large napkins, eight towels, twelve col- child
laris, six night-gowns, four pairs of shoes; and
ai foot tub, toilet box, work box, goblet, Pub
table-kniti, lbrk and epoon; two pairs pat
of blankets, three laii' of sheets, three
. snd a half yards ling, t vro and a half
wide; a muisquito-bar of white netting.
two yards loua, the top to be five feet n,
long, two tanl a half wide. All, to be C,
distintly wimitked with the number as- -se
l signed.
Parelts' wishing their chbld1ren to be Al
furnished with clothing; etO., are ex
Sected to deposit with the Treasurer tore
; fmifmds for the piurpose. .ol
Pupils of every denomnianation are re- send
q, ired to asl;iri at the public exercises of ai
relig'ion-no further inlllnence is ever ex
. ercised over their convictions onil this
grave point. TI
Visits are confined, when practicable, o.
- to Snadays and Tlihunrsdas, anld are to
be made only' by pllrints, guardians and wol
near relatives, unless when authorized MIs
by such as have power to do so. wil
Epistolary correspondence is subject to n,
inspection. W
For eirculas and furtlher particulars,
apply to. or address thei MOtI'ER SU- to
PERIOII, $t. dichael's Convent. bar
S R. P. POURSINE, 110 Gravier Street, fen
New Orleans. or
1 MR. M. 11. CARVERI, Natchitoches, La.,
Agents. MAay20-tf.
Je1n
to,
J 11. DU m erII AG,
S Corner FIRONT AnD CHURCII tr~eete,
NATCHI1oCHES, LA.
( iJUST opened, a new assortment of
FRENCH, ENGLISH and
'AMERICAN, Spring and
SUMMER GOODS. Colnsisting in lart of
Il AMERICAN AND E(GLLISI
COTToNvIAES,
.LINEN DIIIi NtGS,
SAPRON CHIECKS,
. BLEACAED & iBROWN CO'TONS, tm
it MOURNING GOV)DS, '
r ifITEG OOiDs O Atl;L KID,
GREADIRES mn i
PIQUES,
LINEN LAWNS, of all grades.
HOSIERlY and GLO)VES,
ARTIFICIAL FiOWES,
SILK PARASOLS of all kthis,
LADIES' ECRU SCARFS,
LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S iHATS,
E. Notioh of all DeScriptions;
TOWELS ANDi NAPKINS. te
Full assortment of SHOESS, HATS
and CLOTHING. .'&
S In fact all gd.' that can be called a'
for in a Dry Goods store.
Wi All of which hlie i ollttrig at
very low prices,
.]aroh a, 18.--ly.
GRANGE WAREHOUSE,
At GRAND ECORE, La.
J. M. PoRTER, Gruygg Ageti.
DECEIbVI NG, Forwarding and Plar-.
h of ehasing'agent for the Patrons of HIas,
bandry. All busi~nent intr;sted to his
ex- care will reeeive iprouIpt atteuiop and
ic the ptrons canu rest assured iof befg' lib- 3
Sof eraly dealt.with in bahrges, &4.
end- A share of biiness is respectfully so
'm. licited.
SMSarch 25 6m.
NOTICE. -
oo Hanvig boght Mr. .4 Parson's entirei
stocK of Hor., JIgeks, Bligglesm an
arly Hearrse, a wA ns as full asoirtubnt oif;
coffins, I now unite a continuuand of
Y the patronge of the.puble.
Charges will be moilerotp
rso" Hire of fHearwe.f " rpration $15.
ap Price for distnt.li l.ond corLporate lim
its will be govefn by the distances,
hols. from#4itoi ..
p' Colins ,f all styles on hand, prices
were ranging friom $25 to$100.
mere July 8 tf. P. VEULEMAN.
I for -0011P3 0-1o
Id of Corner FRONT saild HOfN tsaee.
serles March 25 ly Lnlchfreever.y day
itheir l A la suJp'i of Jolt ~tria jn tre
iuewl- , . i i of ,~al .escription
_ i asta and 4iapat b atj
READ 'THiE ANNOUN'CELL:.:
or TMt
Murray Hill PublishIng Co
John P. Jew~ti*itt itaager.
CHRONIG " "iSESp Caredt
Health by that plainest of
all books-IPAtI florin TALK AND n Mt:Dcat
ConMoN Sttis ,whickh c~ntasin nearly It 00 pages
of original matter, as uttlertaiting as ntasisiustit g
story. ei-th and loig life tnade ea.v for the
learned and :ulearned. C'ram~n d full of btrnd
anew Ideas, which ure, checring to the tick, and
Intensely cnttrtainhig to those who are.tortnnato
enough to escape t!i't.se. It guards the retde
d`ain.s the pitloles of human su fferrn A:.d
oiuts the way of dellverance to those who eab
a iy egulihed. By all means. dund out all
ott. for you. It's.author. Dr. R.
B. Foov, of 1,O0 LEXINGTOr t AvSAty, Nuw
iboan, is contsuled by invalitia at hobre and
abroad. in parson and by letter, and has had the
experience of neuriy a quarter eft century
n the treat .tint oflong stading uand difficult di.
eses of every character; hence his ability to
write practical t uths for the invalid teader. Ille
consultations are rian to the sick everywhere;
hence his immense correspondence with thesick
all over the globe, You, ItEADER, £AR AT 5.1n
sRTY TO COxSitei. the able author of Plain Heine
Talk and Medical Com:non sense. Writeto him
and you will be struck with his Common Sesre.
Whatever your malady. you will receive light
which will do you good, by tnvesting only a
postage stamp. aund writing to Dr. F. We wish
to interest you in both the doctor and his Ima
mortal book. The Book itself, which lves
satisfaction to all who read it. can be had of
aents, or of the publishers direct. Plain mos
tin binding, $3.25, in the inglish or German
language. Library binding, n English only,
$3.75. Sent by mail, postae prepaid, on receipt
of the price. A lady write. the antbor: " 1
have always felt that you were Ihe physllcan of
the world, fromn the fact of your wonderful suc
cess and original ideas." One reader 5ays -,
"1 have found It to be one of the grandest
works of the age." Another says-" I wouM tot
be without it for twice its coat." Similar letters
reach the author every day. Contents table
free.
SCIENCE 'l STORY, also by
1Un. Foots. Cheap edt:
tion. 5 v*. to i, neatly.
bound, $2; in 5 separate vols. at 5 and $7.rO;
accordlng to bindiug. Seat by ml on eceapt
of price. Just the thing foryouagpeople. Con
tents table free.
IM E Pubolleatone. We can fur
nish all of DR, Fo"rr's popular
)ime Pultkicattions o health and
kindred topic. "OLD EYEI MADI E NBW."
tells how to restorethe night and give up glasesc
without the aid of Doctor or Medicine. Half a
qtillioi have been iosued already I "Coaroatr
4ND cnit Paon Tl ru P UPI'TIIED is a naluable
nonograph for those who are afflicted with iup
taure or lernia. "PuTSIOLOOICAL laroOVEtl.EN
or HlAt'MATr "relates to the subject of havine
people born right. "Iu'IIOLouICAL. MAItIAtl
r gives the latest researches rearding the laws
Srgoverning tempcramlutal adattat.ion. c., tc.
SSTrP BAcatwAR, reviewin inconsierate
lelation concerning thoe- .P±entloin of
,. C eptioi. - "Stanur£eToamor," or Sent
S Inat Weakness with evidence of its curabil!ty.
t "CRoa, its causes, preventiol and cuse," invald
Rable to every mother having the care of mnall
children.: "Oo1). FPsT," causes, prevention
and cure.. Air. one of the foregoing Dite
Publiations will be sent by audll, postage p
paid, on receipt of ten cents.
SPubtleatlons We will msup
[ fplyt Du. FOOTr'a Free Publicsl
FREE ions. "Orutuithou AdWke to t
S Bic," aba d a well as at hoe , l etrelar(
ralue to the sick. " Etidtlces r. a 'bols'
SBuccessc " a sixty page paumphlet, fr by nmil.
- -Send for thela.
AGENTS5,000 good Ai
TS can Mthd profitable oUwtoy.
!EN nt in the sale of the
r foregotg ublieatioms, and also several others
bluislhed u- . iu .Read all of' the above, and
send foe particulars, Address, fot termns, outt;
&f c., The lurray Hili Plblishing Comlpaly, Ift
l ese a ltt stireet, Hess orek.
The Ladles' IlannddBook
of valualde information toevery
wonmn; OLD or.YOUNG1 ,
Married or Single: LADIES  n,
will thank us for this *ýH
Hand-Book, and no "i
mother will object NER
to placing it in the E
andsot herdaugh O.U.,
iers Thhese land
Books are not . DERANGEi
private trgat- 4i.ýl ENTSofbot
,blxlc, puiularly
ies, but r IParaly'sis, Apoexr%
intended Epilely, ad l ner
for gen- derangement.
eral c. their Cause and (Cu~
rl ca. Essay will be found
c deeply interesting to all
tion. anervous sflerers. BOTH
of EITHER of the foregoin4
R HAND-HOOKS sent BRssit
an/ addr~c. Addressr. wil
t np,N. .I'.Co.,Iledford,Nais
M. ItIJELIKE,
Cilja'I Aaclfachdrer,
No. I DLECATrrI Street,
olippoite rst oiic,, NEW ORI.EASS LA.
Sldes Agtnt-J. M. PURCELL.
J. .. McCOlO(i & li , •, '.ia'!ng
tou stanct, keep countantly on hand these
Celelrated Cigars at wholeesale and retail.
April 2--6Gm.
NOTARY PUBLIdC
(Office under Vindicator Ofice,y
ST. PENIS STREET,
NATCI ITOC.ll , LA.
April 2!.- ly.
D3r. T~W. 3. Powell
I* EDICINE and iUR11EB1Y.
OFFIiCE on ST. DENIS STRIEE r,
NATCHITOCHE," Li.
Calls to the Country prion,sti a
tended to. .
lferos to Dra. V. Jona nn,Jl. S. Stephens,. C.c
Hamlin and G. E: 0G 1espie. Mcters. Bullar4
& Campbell, Carver & Taylor, Triohel & Airey
and Col. t. E. Burke.
April 8.-- y.
iHtOtt .n Line:
Fall and Winter Arrangement.
FOR GRAND ECORE, MONTGOMERY,'
ALEXANDI)A, PIEVILLE L OlREtiNWIA'S
ndARiN's, FORT TkRU SY,
Ali Way aISdlngi.
The A MI'aghiliiet and fass
running pasSiger packet
BART AISLE !
,.iO . IDH ( n 6rox, Cic
i rISbomrr, MUste, Down, Clerks
SEAVES Grand Eeore positively every
i Tv.SDAY at 12 I.
For freight or e p Pa l n a td " to
e - '. C 'E3a t I , ri
C dner Front & Jeteren Streets.
-DEALER IX
DRY GOODS,
GROCERY`S;`
e, HARDWVARE,
a and General Merchandise.
Bargains offered to Cashb eltoiters
.March 25-ly.
M-lfALEr iN
y FAMILY GROCERIES.'
Speial Inducements to OGsa Customers
on SECOND STREET,
ai N itelooe, Lai-,
Yýý*i G-l " -,,,,,.