tuisha St. . Azco
i X19" News frog
---.--- 1ATCIB
The sound of the; Hamm is NAT
heard once more.
o re.- Dear Vindicator
wether during the week warm The tnime dram
confidently espe
ou cloudy, out to the bloess
Perini says: The dead will leave in the fruit, and
their bier at the sight of his beer. tg rfonuu, favor
be ..patrofns, I will as
theie who wish, may
ow that business has slacken 1hmaps if there be
d ot, it would be well for our merits as a de
nercbauts to do some advertising honor the rems
be induced to t
is order to sound for the cash Yu must pettim
trde. Those whohave tried the elege of my se:
collmus ot the Z indicator speak hbit, the giijua I
glowingly of results. They are no u
_ , ---and wtell suitel
We give much space this issue ~t the Bulls an
to the services and ceremonials of whose plethori
theBenai Brith Society. A peru- luxury of eartl
Sal will be found interesting fouend. But
S. . dwellers of t[l
Work on Washington street, the sea boarl
which was well nigh impassable stuffed crabs h
for some time past, i going ter and whern
on briskly. The manner in which barrel, and Co
it is being done assures us that the tainahle elie
,.oat will by one of the heat -n- u:.. E.- w.
Stners feit tl4d
ded in the lelt, ahl, ahf It Is
----****holdsome of thme a
Will not Mr. Hutsoti take hold someost of thea
bf the Grand Ecore road I We the taste. A
think he could make its repirs a mend a Sal n
antcess if he would get merchants ostrich eggs,
Ostrnch eggs,
and the city interested in cash able daintie
,subscriitions and have the carters York Weorld.
give the time of themselves, mules our Southere
and wagous for a week or so. The their treasur
city should give $200 and the ded down ftn
and in many
business people as much more. been written
Suppose you try it, Mr. Hutson I ly. Always Ib
resources, at
Reports from over Spanish lake a little in
represent the coedition of the abundaned wi
supplied wi
rops as superb. People are at city friends
work with a will and the pros-dzen egg,
poeta for good yield of corn and Also a qua,
golden In It
cotton are quite flattefriig, not of the s
sotne kind
It 1s our pleasure to aunuotnce taste of the
my little c
the rapid improvement of Mr. C. L. pryv ement
Walmsley from the recent and e- may lure fr
Srioes injuries sustained by him pen, to
gis condition for a week or mie mutual bee
was quite critical and grave 'p
pehensions were for a time ebter
tained of his recovery. It will be
.a matter of great congratulation Mtr. Ed~it
among our people to know that The sta
i e is now rapidly recovering, obut that fi
relieved t
The health of the country con- tainty wh
tiunes good. Some few cases of ck l
se-sles in town. pae Tsm
- w Messrs. J. H. Hill and HI. P. eacnsue
Gallien report the prospects for rops frI
etW~A .very. flattering in their hi
tiotons. Mr. )et. Ilertzog is, also, t4h(s e St
enthusiastic over the outlook in oft repes
the Cloutierville neighborhood. our favo
'These gentlemen are leading Mr. l
etisens and their statements are th at dc
entitled to full credita it nti
The railroad s working its way ihtat
through the perifh rapidly. The
; grading hands are now at woik it
this side of Provensal lake, soene is it
t almiles from town. up I
A. I. retel, Esq., is the reg islaturi
-lreollecting agent for the Vina- T t
4isto from this date. aro
i ' • .  - ..-o**------" --fo"
The stand of corn is said by our .
'planters to be the very best they an
harve ever yet had, and we sincere: wim
ly hetee that they have increased agin
the aereage planted. snaPt
ed home~~ of thl
Jndge I. Pierson returned home
rom taidfteld on &onday and n
went down to New Orleans on hat
Taesday, making bitt a short stay new
with us. s. .
XmItIAY RorZlstY.-A peddler tarm
tnedMOmC(rhY was enticed by
h egroes, living near Boallt's plan- tee
- bloP In this parihb, into the 1y
wO.dsna Moera promise of a night's
qMal,eameat, und robbed of his The
Sof goods aud inoley amount- M
4'iito a considerable sum. This h
'bold act committed .as we n
. n broa ddf,in the evening, the
-Iiir passinig people on the Th
"gtray, it being Saturday. The Ir
,:tobbers, a negro man and woman,
Wee promptly arrested and e
 ught to town on Monday by i
A ~pat shedti fUrtman* hi'
The first birth registry in this
" r  pishbrls date A.D.,1724 4 one
uandred sad fifty three years ago.
Wewere pleased to meet Mr A
s. M aso wOreans, abo i
1t our sOnetnUr dining the week. i
iMr. Marx visited our city, is his a
Qll-d appCIly', t e.Vi" 1'resident
tGnsud frdge IFual 13Mb, to i.
Mai the offirs of th e ]as ri
1.4g. hare.
'1 -
Yb.har Aba mw,ad at Graud
gqee ady Tuesday woriag wi(
*.ggh., We see tha = she
grytug ininWs trips and
o mougto k ow it. Hew
iEI 81uiett Is a an
~.b*4&USIeP saM will yet
gga -kpfeyta
Spcil pe.PRdi2ne to the Yintbcet~t. Spire tihe rear ton
.,Wm the backbi
News from Oir Fimends. thought to have,
NATCEI- OCRE determination to
NATCH OCHES is too easily chee
NATcITOd~s PARISit, ( luctance to conti
April 3, 1877. his Cabinet wlho
Dear Vindicator : with his. Loui
The time draws neat when we may hope for from th
confidently ezpet that the hopes led not redict Hated by Io
out to the blosso1s, may be realized
in the fruit, and dewberry wine hay- strong arms an
tig found favor with some of your initiation of her
patrons, I will send a recipe, that all her rights again!
who wish, may maile and enjoy. Per- Our Parish Ct
haps if there be any doubts as to its tion (since the e1i
merits as a domestic beverage, his Some of our funi
ehonor the present Mayor of N, could been poking fui
be inducedo to testify to its qualities. viting persons t
You miust permit me to uise the priv show (his con
elege of my sex, and etiticize a little number of per
hit, the Ifijou Bills ot Fare you have court or iratlih
been giving t us in the Farmer's column. several of wil
They are no doubt extremely nice, more than the I
and wtll suited to tempt the appetite the way of a
e ,o the Bulls and Bears of \Wall street, court) incurred
)t whose plethoric purses can command ing in court. "T
the New York markets, where every judge's side Ito
h luxury of earth, air and sea, can he maintain the d
found.' But for rus, impoverished ThIis, his tirst;
dwellers of the country, so far from court evet hel
t, the sea board that our oysters can It is curren'
le oly be had in cans, au' we have Mr. Brown ha
staffed crabs made out of canned lobs Legislatlue tle
t ter and where the market is the pork lie will return
ch barrell and ctrº crib, why, it is a little cheek t
e tantalizi to read about such at Many (Jfvyo
etaiuahltfeliAcies. Then ethen you remem er Jin
r 'a- i J., d.a we should.get up such dii- ly known as ir
ners flit tlh delectation of our lords, oral years s '
ali, uhf it is cruel I r'hb nantes of vives him cont
31d some of the articles used are foteign Joe who is no
to most of 'oi to say nothiog about and has reci
the taste. As well miight Sou recoin maiac. His r
Sa mend a Salnti of Nightingale tongues, necessary prt
nts of a Monkey ragout, or an otelet of to the asylum
Ostrich eggs, as sonic of the unattain- The health
able dainties published in the New tilbtigh an oc
ers York World. Would it not be better thle survivors
Ies to encourage native talent, and coax liable at any
our Southern housekeepers to impart render our fi
the their treasured culinary secrets, hag- Hunt died a
the ded down from mother to daughter. a large famil
and in many instances tiover itasting will before I1
Dre. been written, but conmmiirilgittctl W1al a descriptioi
i ly. Always beainig in mind out scqanty &c., of Vern
resources, and limited means. With obtain the i
ake a little industry, we can raise an a short bil
the abutdance of poultry, and be well men wlB d
supplied with eggs. I sent to my tel ritory tfr
e at city friends a few days since, twelve formed and
ro dozen eggs, all laid by ty own liens. cal notoriet
and Also a quantity of butter equalJy as
golden It line as oshen, but al 1 a. L
not of the same flavor. Or cows e t L
sine kind of weed tat spoils the this parisl
e taste of the milk and butter. I trust
.Ltmy little venture in the cause of im Bart Able
provemeit in our tables and taste, sume the
Is- nmay lure from its seclusion some abler few days.
te 1 pen, to contiunue tlhe subject to our
mutual benefit. A chllale
A pLASiTistt s WIF'E. who can
ti ter o s c m u the influet
MareVR N , 1877. ulator. T
at1 r. Ma rch 2n6 I1 Pnerous
r.drtir t that the e
t hat The status quo I suppose expired fects canu
some time about the 3d of this month, q have
but that fact does not seem to have family, ai
n- relieved ts of the doubit and nnce- recommen
tainty which has so long hung like a edy for th
e of black pall over our lbo  g suflering pe- EDITOR
pie. The petple of this conuitY
have auilY looked forward t') -
H. P. each suceeedilig matih since the or- Is It P
D t for der for the removal of the Federal foolish to
troops from New Orleans, was thought in the He
i t I hve been issued,fr ties dfinal es t
t4iishet or the legl governmetir l n mr
of tieState, but to-day we get the trl o
n ork in o thead' e og hies in oesuh
oft repeated story "everyth tlii in
roodaor favor" but nothing moure definite.H.ce
Mr. Hayes refers us to his iuiagt>ral
as tle panacea for all our doubtse but
oti artht document is not quite 50 pointed
as it night have boeet and does not
sem to hlave allayed the rears of our
It b y Legisature not of Oov, ticholls, P on to i
eth ha s Packard's rotten t re . .dim no. wi n
hy h vrsedl.° If Louisiana 1s to be allow-brnd
Swiked to settle lr troubles herself, why and n
e oeis it that Packard's den of thievesA si
has not beeni dispersed and brokenfidr
up c I see by the last i naper that it. -
is not ktiown' when the Nicholls Leg- J~
isature will adjourn its extra sessi on.
beiomeThis thing of trying to freeze Pack
at is etting interesting to tax
paeras., becgauell the bills are all to be
f"td yu and we had lathier that
4 your o. N'ichotlli wounld footPkad
cst they and stotexmenses
amoidstop Whathdoes this enid north 0.hC
, s eilerew or d I o fruit or iast
ewiind b a lporte ta ln ain u
inrsased agan thin tsyearI fear. The last cold
snap tiured the fruit k consideraibly the t.11
fh abd ttis w ill finish it. The lateness r r.
hed h ome of thi sprint tiss upset all the p thg
nostihto tins of old. Probability and
,day and in the face of an early astetm, we are
elans on having a cold backward spring. 1
behoe ong si never oebhe athotl as poor as
now at thls time of the year, and the -
rdaa. sTh t'emr to grow very slowly.
nd o anting on hrogretsitg slowly. Some e
-Atped dl aer farm t ow thetpvaut h, andy uPlatirds
enticee d by have planted corn, bust i've nother
opan-of ay black 1"a bottoir latid havingd
ilnbeen planted. Two men have recent- s
iite the ly beth killed hn this parish. One,
)fof ainigb a Mr. Miller, was killed in thle vicinity Nt
). of Haddou' ferry, on abine river.
s The report as I t It is, that this
Samo munt- Miller and two oter White en wentte
one night to the houe b huc in r a negro who 0
Sum.. This had been acting badly e ii some way,
tiete.a a we and ali three of thei aMiller and his m
Ahe eeing, two comrades) fired their guns into
the negro'S ioe thorough a crack.. b
wPIS on the The negro returned tie fire, and Mi
rd-y- T he ler was killed. h s oither was i b man
anddwo oman, tramred Robinson who was turkey
Shunnting on the Caltuioles in the east
Bste d a nd era part of the paid, and while try- Mi
Moda bonayy l tocall tp a turkey, was mistakno
in. for one himself, and was eliat and
. hkilled instantly by anoth er . r.
Yours., &c. an
SVERsoN. ha
D.. 1724; one -h
e yWa ago. i"ABStl oF VeRnOn,
=_------April il, 877.1
to ieet tMt M-.lgiWO ; - t "
mIi,, wO vie' When I wrote you last the fortunes
ofn the week, n e a eehdto be trembling
ng he e of itu teb nei n th President's mind,j
ccity, II his or rather between his prejudice to
r". -reident wards thle 9ooth, sod t11€ dictates of
Miii - pl _ y the one. finned by the eztm~m
bWUUI &It. bye pa~,tty, time oilier potuip~t.d
e B'at Btiey desire to sore? up the frad by.
" 'whtech he was foiste Into tihe yves
Mkentlal ebair, The last mail brisga
: +- ., th, ne0ws that tIle Pr'esident has been
vt41rivd &t(Wn driven fromkisd~a lUtiou .timer
r uriuig w ith iovil of the trooime fronm New Or-t
,Ieans' hyt feat' ofa sptlit In hisl
thCabiet itothe umesure of sendIng'
 lf ,, 1 iP4 mud £Cmiiont to Loulgiatna For
ilit, owItHw- whl purno* the Commisio is to]
'e suet we ir ut inforuied+, bu re
ttl mS left qg'the tage edae of un~tur~e.r
fIe t ISItt [bimiet pra t the power to drive.
_..h. . -iH, hoe .me pdosii Ia his
*at~~bw~em 'u4 I
spire the fear that lie done not pus- Sat urela1
sI the backbone wdit he Wts all the p
thought to have, and tit lit his boastedl onsistin
determination to carry duit his views iosehol
is too easily check-mated by his re- owagn.
luctance to contend against those ot t ati
his Cabinet whose views do not agree Ters
with his. Louislana has nothing to Marc
hope for from the President, which is
not dictated by Republican party in
terest. Her only safeguard is it the
strong armis and untlinching deter Ye
mination of her sons to contend for ari
her rights against all odds.. sell at
Our Parish Court held its first se court hi
tion (since the election) the past w'eld
Some of our fun loving lo-hoy in the fl
been poking fun at judge Burr, by it o
citing persons to coime to the ioiikey vild sr
show (his coutt). A Considerable 1Lrle ,
number of persons were preselnt ehitl
court or rather camie to the sho,' or less,
several of whom paid consider.b"Y ptn
more than tihe usual entrance fe I Tern
e the way of a tine for Coilteltpt ot
court) incurred by talking and laugh- Mat
I ing in court. The laugh is now on the
y judge's side ttnd he is dettitiind to
e maintain the dignity of his position.e
d This, his irstt 'as the most orderly
t court evet held li the parish. a
n It is currently rumnored here that t
re Mr. Brown has notitied the Packadi er
SLegislate that if he is wanted by it ei
li e will return to it, How is that fut 1i, gl
he cheek other
t Many of vour readers will dohibtless 't
nu remember Jno. McGee, more coint on
n13 known y as wrading Mc, who died sev
n-, lk n years ,gr, An only brother ser
of viyes him conunioilY, known as uncle
;u Joe who is now about 70 years old
it and has recently become a raviug
in maiac. His relatives are makig htihe
is, necessary preparations to take him
of to the asylum.
in l The health of our parish is gnood
ew thlibtugh an occasional death reminds
ter the survivors that we are miortals antd
ax liable at any timne to be called on to
art render our final account. Mrs. C. C.
tn- Hnt died a few days since, leaving n
er. a large family to mourn her loss. Il t
lug will before long give to your readers fni
tal a description ot the landsu streams,
ity &c., of Vernon, and as soon as I can foll
rich obtain the necessary data I will give
an a short biographical sketch of' the T
veil men wind were the pioneers of the
my territory from which the parish is
else formed and who attained any politi
ens cal notoriety. VERNON..
lies ! ---- -= 0 ...-------- A
eat Maj. L. N. Lane, tax collector of
the this parish arrived home on the
g ust
fim Bart Able, Tuesday, and will as
aste, sume the duties of his office in a
abler few days.
> our
A challenge is offered to any one
S lwho can produce a regular case of F
torpid liver that will not succumb to
Sthe influence of Simmons' Liver Reg
7 ulator. The cures on record are so
numerous that thl proprietors feel
that the evidence of its curative ef
cpired fects cannot be questioned.
nnth, "I have used your medicine in my
have family, and have taken pleasure in
inet- recommending it as an excellent rein
like a edy for the regulation of the Liver.
g pe- EDITOR ASHLAND (01110) TItES"
nunst
he or Is It Possible, that one will be so
'ederal foolish to suffer from Catarrh, Cohld
oht in the Head, bad Smells in Nose and
h h 'troitt, when by this new antiseptic
a l mers r fhatuir, J. J. Ir. [ .m -
etarrih Snuiff, you can e cured. Triad
i Boes, 1y mail only 50 ets. Dr. J.
Itnt.H. McLean, 314 St. Louis, Mo,
LOST OR-STOLEN.
L.051 Un.S ,bute. r
Sbrand on the letf shouder, having the
two hind feet white. Also, two Creole
bay mares, branded .ID. Two cows
branded A, C. and counter branded A, C
and many other cattle branded ID.
A suitable reward will be paid to th
finder. L. D. LEPAULMIER
JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMEN;TS' -noi
weene t
CONSTABLE .TALE. eompinl
dress it
Blndworth & Ware,.) 12th Jstice Court. health I
vs. No. 28. and, in
Pamnel Hynes.
on Saturday Anl" 28, 18177 of the
DYVIRTUE of a writ of 1t. Fa. issued inad o
the aowineg deticribl ad proper, o sit an Tel
tO ne Thrdire Ste.ae .ing ised and will offer forsets
Tret s 05 SALe : Pay fib
CASH-with the belast and esfit ofbider, at the dr rn
of athe court-house in the city b Na rdtuh o Ent
Board
Satfurda~l AAtil 28, 18'7, o h
the f,ilowing described property, to-wit Te
One Three Spring h~ack, with double seats.
TKERMs Os SALE:Pab
CASH--With the benefit of apprieet
IAp-ill 14, tds. Constable tilth Ward._
s SHEIIFF'S SALE. F
.0. Caphiartin, 1 Pahrish Court, Parish of Was
vs Natchitoches. Bonk
SIyp. Board. ) No. 1375. Doct
Y VIRTUE of a writ of Fl. Fa. issued 5lsi
S Yin the above entitled and numbered Use
8 suit, and to me directed, I will offer for Use
t sale to the last and highest bidder at the rac
, door of the court-house, in the city of
y Natohitfcbee, on P
r. Saturday, April 28th, 1877, char
lts No
nt the following described property, l wit: a
ho One bale of cotton. of
Terms of Sale. of
is CASH; with benefit of appraisement.
to D. H. BOULLT, JR. bl
ck. March 31-tds Sheriff. sun
Ii i. shil
ntn SAERIFF'S SALE.
key leeuice Chaler District Codrt, bl
st- vs. Parish of Natch
try- Mrs. At IoI M. i4yams. itochebs ,
ken No~.812~. th
and Y virtue a writ of seizure and sale
in the above entitled and number.ed tw
suit and to me directed, I have seized or
N and will offer for sale to the last and li
highest bidder at tl@ door of the Cour- la
house in the city iluid bh of Natehi- to
toches, on * of
t. Saturday, 21st day of April, 1877 a
the following described property, to-wit
A certain tract of land, togethe with l
nes all the buildings and improveImenu
ling thereon, containing four hundred and
mind forty arpents mr less, situated on
Stothe west bank of Little or Athao oiver, f
e of in the Parish of Natcehitoches,, bounded
tem- above by dit tormenerly belongig to
Victor J. achal. below by land of
SElizee Rachal. in the rear by lands eof
P L. B. Rachal and D. B. Carroll, in front
brisga by said Little or Athao River.
been TtrmT of Sale:
S 0- CASH, with tohe bueSOt of Nuatcaise-,
V i lr mont. 'i s, io
red his ,I .tdA.n Sh herniff.
s to SUCCESSION SALE.
t Suemse of 0. (. Osannisusgk .
e VIRTUE of an order of the Hop.
W i ajli Court Parish of Natchitoches,
drive thore will be sold St public suction, at
his the i)t ruIdOnio of Dr, (, G. CrwaillU
Saturday he 14th dy of April, 1577,
all the personal property of said deceased,
consisting of one Bookwalter engntle,
househol( furnituro, horses csWas, o!een.
wagon. ,,ediciuc, books, watch;, one pis
tol atnd gunll, etc , etc.,
Terms of sale-Cash. . OPER
M. E. ROPER,
March 31-tds. Admiuistratr .
SUCCESSION SALE.
Succession of G. C. Cn,zninUjhant.
Y VIRTUE of an order of th0' Hon.
) Parish Court of Natchitoches, I w C
sell at public auction, at the door of the
court house on
Saturday, May 5th, 1?7, t
the following real estate 1)h>lilng t
A:tkd snc cesmio, rirt: F'is Sdith East.
afilrter of South East quarter of Section
1', iowvnship 9, Range 8, now1 as the
t lii tii plhce, (contai i0 4 acres, 1t,,
or leses with all thei buildings and in
prii.}etlelltS thereon.
Terlms of Sale--Casih. "R
M. E. ROPER,
M-M.ich :31-tds. Alhiflnntl1l rnX.
N0OTICE.
,STAr? OF LOUISIANA,
y Parish of Saline.
AMERICUS V. CARTER, ,Hdministra
lt t1 or of the slice vsionl of' Har'tn Car
a ter, having iled in this offaice is hfri
itaccount of administration' notice is lr
It y given to all. wholt it may colicerl to
t 1e thetr opposhtiolls tlhireto ite 1~n days
othrtuhrwis, 'he saute will he homologated.
This 20th March, 7,
Sil. W. SIBLEY,.
Clerk Dist. Court.
111.1 . On ecaye"d
holes and porec
stantial roof tt
Grand Ecore ir 11o`g l'
(ill, up a il li1
WA.REHOUSE. d ,o"iot
WM. FRENCH, Proprietor, ping. As
Malnck contain
UTAVING purchashel tlile business of our genuine a
I1 Chfamllbets & liarhee at this point, roofs) is ,
.rl seeritre itheir services, I an prepar-C
eld to store aniid tirw:wrdl pio'mptly, all
freights told cottoll consignedl to my rare. when first apl
Rates of storage in future will be as tinouth to a It
fo lo s:to :till ji ti 'ts
Fifteeoll Cetl iter |iarrel for freights.
Thirty-fve dets r ale for Cotton. our red coor
TWMj. FIRENCH. coat is equal t
s March 2}-tf". For
EADING our Bright Re
Painit veer inl
All i 0nov It ! All Likt It ! ally prevent.
-f andl discoloril
I'HE These pail
Detroit Free Press. Con
Our only
i- Bright Red,º
Still Brighter a~ld Better for Brightew Ye
1877
187ne S 5 Gallons, c
of Full of Wit-Hllumnr--Pathos --Sketch 10 "
to -ossip--.Fashionl-Inident- 20 " 1
News--l110e and Fereigl 4i0 "
'- Letters. We have i
5 You will enjoy it better than any other fWture, rha
el newspaper. following
ef-- 1000 rolls
"HOW HE WAS TEMPTED'' cents p000 r
A th tilnin n contiultel Story, written for unish lnlhb
3 The FREE PRESS, by "Elzey Slate Paint
in- Hay' (Fanny Andrews the c ts ter s,
noted southern writer 2,00 roll
1 S will be a feature at 1 cents
of 1877. 3'00 roll
2# cents pe
so W EiEKLY, post paid. $2,00 per annum 200 rolls
iad In making up your iist, start with the 5r0ti gall
pic Detroit Free Press. reuly f
___ Si. bIiicael's Conveii, ,
erg( 10110 "
All ordo
FOtNDED IN 1825. the dioue
well knot
Fexas Under the i)te6tioin df the lieligious of N. ". Si
ig the te Society of the Sacfed heart. 102
reole -
Cows ST. JAMES PARIS: LA.
A, C
HIS InstitlittIbn i plentIahtly situated Wo
o th or the Bissiippi River, about 60 1W
Tn miles above New Orleants. The buildings pnbhe
are spacious and well ventilated. The to fni
NTS1 aim of the Religious conducting it, is to cents a
T secure to heir pupils torough an ac- It ill
eoipllshed education. Simplicity o rsa1
dress is enforced by the rules. .heir. ti neof.
health is the object ofuntiring solicitude; Ta nzin.
and, in sickness, they are affectionately partie
sned in and constantly attended to. prsetie
,nit ant The scholastic year, which is divided Feb.
offer for into two sessious of five months each,
the door omnmences on tho first Wednesday of
hitoche, Octolber. and ternminates in the last week A
of the following July.
st : Terms. for the Scholastle Yeari
Payable in current funds, and always in
ent. Advance.
rd. Entrance Fee, (but once) ,. 56
Board, with tuition In Edglih and 180
French 30 It i
Pari sh of washing 14 ly A
s. ooks and Statione14 ont
Doctor's Fee to So
'.ssued ummer Baths 80 couC
bered Music rp 15
er for Use iano or Harp rass
Do r for twfg 30- Turn
S Vacation ciarge, (for Agu"a and 4 ing
ty September) the c
Pupils are admit'ed at any time, and p
7ch ed only- from the date of entrance. Figs
No deduction is made for a pupil who Plun
tyowit: m be withldrawn before the expiration u 4
of he Session, unless it .be on account Fam
of siikness.
No particular dress Isre nired, ex
Tsement. pt on e unday i ndT hrsays, when cnt
S, J. blue Merino is wrst in witer, and in use
Sheriff. summer, pink lawn, atd pcoastpinally wel
white Jacoiiet or Nainsook. ,ai,
Each pnpil should be p'tvided with T
net Codrt, blue, a white and a pink dtess; a whitet
laibo n Brbbinet veil, two and a half or a
hof Noatch hree ards long, corrditg the size of vol
te#. 8t1. he oad l ! ;,ia s black plain Iobbinet T
, 'N[ -·h ageof ltnder aronitplts,
e nd sle ae pisof ho, tr a dozen and a half
nnouumbered tet oaze arket hte efs, eight
thaoe seired fnaeor t toeht ntwoket h elv e k
es e kin, ht towels, twlve eel
eour- tar, six nght-hotns, fur airs of shpes;
oforol iork fot box, goblet,
SNathi- talle knife, fork spoon to pairs
o blankets, he irs of sheets, three
l OR7 and a half yards i, two and a n alf
wide; t mnsqdit,t~hr of white nettinag
ro t -wit two yards loU~,I the top to be five fcet U
eh th longta and a babf wide, All to be
mavroven te u distitl marked with the number as- r
,andderf and signed.
by lnans of pnwmhs of evetl denottinaftion are re
bb l lnds of qnire'd £0 aso t at the publie exercises of
rroll,iinffront religiOP.no further influence is ever ex
'Brr, ereined over their convietions on this
,grave point , -J ben praeticable,
(iff Sjlnise-O to Sundays ond Thursdays, and are to
be made only by parente, guardians and
ti 151'S near relatives, unless when authorized
"heifb sueh as have power to do so.
-YEpistoluT correspondence is subject to
-hE- Oircu~n len and further Ilrticnlsn,
iuaiauag,. ai apply to or addres the MOTHER SU
heo. pRIOR, st.Miel' Convent
i" NartcifaehsP thePe, I lP OURSNE , 140 oravler street,
fEew Orleans, or
ie suction, at MRin IM. 1 . CARVBa;aIsthbi.to hes, LI.,
_ - m o-t_,
Protect Your Buildings.
Which may be ddne titI bne-fourth the
usual expense, lip using our
Patent Slate Pant
(i'ifteen Years Est.Idlished.)
MIXED READY FOR USE.
Fire-proof, Water-prootf Durable,
Economical and Orliaimental.
A ridof may he covered with a very
cheali shingle, and by aphlicati'n of this
slate lhe made to last from 20 to 2'i years.
Old roofs can hIn patched asli coated,
looking tuch better and lasting lohger
than hiew shingles w ithonit the slate, for
(jne:third the Cost of lie-shingling. I
The expense of slating jiew shingles is
only about the cost of shply laying
the'm The paint is" Fht:-'ii'"'f against
sparks or flving embers, as may be easi
ly tested by any one WI']
It Stops Every Leak
and for tin or iron oas no eqal, as it .Wni
never cracks nor scales, loos ov re i' Cetenni
expnd byItat c .t . .t ycld ,c The1( Cet9 e11i:
with Tar Sheathig 'e it can he m itac M hiees, a
water-ti,,htt at a sntail expense, a -d prt:- i the
served for litany years. jillioni of the
Thisslate Paint i s . exhibition, have
E lxtronielt Cill8:ili, The singer Ma,
l Two : ;lions will ýovcr a hundred square The very highest
et fe1t f shigle rootf, while oti titn, iron, oer
to felt, matched boards, or anly -itotlth stir- conferred IlI
v face, front two quarts to one gallon are AND C
d. requnirered to 100 square feet of surftace, Two MEDA
and althouh the paintt lhas a heavy body TWO D
it is easily applied with a brush. AND 'TWO Dl
No Tar is used in this Composition FO
therefore, it neither cracks in Winter,
nor runs in Snumier. .
* On decayed shingles, it fills utip the
- holes and pores, and gives a new sub
stantial roof that will last for years.
Curled of warped shingles it brings to nellf of a
their places and keeps them there. It oneihaI fa
tills up all tihles in felt roofs, stops tlh' Sold in the Yali
I leaks aund .dthll iih l a slow dryer, rain w hitiel is su hll it
hliti' not affect it a few hurs fter p- riotyit over.all
,h plying. As nearly tll paints that  re Alle, we ,tsk i
black contain Trar, h) slre 3'you obtain ore .n .asing
Sour genuine article, whichot (fior shingle itei'ths o lira
ut roofs) is SI'UERS pain
a l Chocolate ColbW. and itleted for:
are. when first applied. changing id abont a somte of the othli
e as moth to a Iuniforml slate color; and is, panis S genuttt
to all int'tients and purpsoss Slate: On Apply to
N . Tliti Roofs THE SING'EIR
S our red color is listially preferrei, as one o.
coat is equal to five of any tbrdinafy paint. Or 0: W.
F_ or A,
For Brick Wals.
our Bright Red is the only reliable Slate J
Paint ever introduced that will effect
t ally prevent dampnetss from penetrating Corner FRO
and discoloring the plaster. Corer FR
These paints are alsi largely used bn i1
s out-hontses and finies, bi at l pi'tiingtc o | EPS l
coit tu ine lutlildin s.
Our onlly eolois art, Chdoculate, Red, KGoODplet
Bright Red, and Orange. GOODS, SI
.retc., cottals~ti
New York Cash Price List. etc., F C GOsit
ketch 5 Gallons, can and box $ 50 FANCY (I
10 " keg 16 E0 GL
10 9 5a half barrel 16 0 PR
40a one harrel 30 00
Wet have in stock, of onr own manun
other facture, roofting materials, etc., at the
following low priers :
1000 rolls extra Rubber Roofing, at 3
. cents per square foot. (Or we will fur- OSNABUR
tte n for nish Rubber Rooting, Nails, C:ips, and ` S
y State Paint for an entire ne roof, at CASSI
c tits ner square foot.) loofig Felt, B
2-00 rolls 2 ply Tarred Roofing Felt,
at 11 cents per sqtilir foot.
3100 rolls 3-ply Tarred Rofting Felt, at
2,} cents per square foOt.
annum 200 rolls Itarred Sheathing; at l cent Tr
per square foot.
vith the 5Ot gallons tie Enanel Ptint, mixed 1LANTEI
ready for +se, on inside or outside work, ARTI
A IL V1 a Ie < l ne b un . . C
- 100 " So,,patont, -Iat.r ' 3 00
i100 " Graflit Mineral " 3 00
1I000 i hO a r Metalc Paint, dry 3 00
S Special prices per ton or car-loau1 tots.
All order mumst lie accomtpaniied with NOTION
the tilioleV, or suljet to 30 days (raft on HAT
well known parties.
N. Y. SLATE PAINT COMPANY,
[cat. 102 & 104 Maiden Lane, N. Y. Also a
LA. Drotice.
out0 Wou notity my friends and the SILKS I
ui publi genteratlly that am now prepared FI
to furnish them PURE milk at forty
g ti ceots a gallon.
rh an c-It will le brought to them at. their
h itodoors and cal also be procured at any
tea tme of the day by sendtng over to the
slctd;Tauziu. place, opptdsit0 town.,
,ction atel, Partiesdesiring to patronize ni can ALLTH
prcioi p e tickets from Eio at any U' cg
ths each, "he Phd
e FARMERS AND PLANTERS eatersf
e ern i SUBSCRIBE FOR o
d-away in l l 8a1 T tal
haand FOIl TUE YEAR 18B7
180 It is the Leading and Oldest Week
1 ontait paperhig ofalu suitable RICH
6 to' Stherti Agriclltitore, nl~t 0lsbs tp1
cultuire of Cottoni, Sda. , oac- ." Don
co Corn, We a, Ry e tihe e
15 Grasses, Sitk+ lamtie , Mos P :aei- Fe
ad 30 1O ""oe h tlh ra
30Turnin , Cabhfgg. etc., " ,,,c4i
, anda~ and ing ot all kinds of St~ock for. the Sou'!th;:
4 t culture of all kinds of Fruits. such
nyttime, an nd as Peanhcs, Pears, Apples, Oranges,
ef entrance. Figs Lemons, F'ineappl's, Japan
11apllitlw~ho Plums- Orapem rontegratn~teA, etc.,
the expi ration I t~ t a cnt in s aeoedprjt~t efor the
bnon account Fa Circle gives all the News in a
-e~~ed ex :condensied fotitii gh 'es afso the latest
reurdc-New Orleans M~arket Ilepoit'; atnd
rmrsday , when contains many Valuable Reeeipe- for
.tinter, and in use d tie arm, and, Plantation, th
i eea~iodia~tnlY well as matiw Useful Fiaets J't: h
• poFamily, the iKtchen, the Sick Room.
vovlded with a e paper is prittedt fto'm cleat, new
drn a whitea t o p , andt cotaini sixteen eges of
atinaahalf or va luatle iidatttir every week. 'he1ith
gttoethe size of volume conuiences .,ani
plain Bobbinet The Sm ribtion1ii p mite i t$.50 per
nder gammedts, yeer, post-p~aul, $1.50 for C moilth..s or
e and af nt for oue onth, in advance.
kerehhef if, ,ight Addrees
els, twelve col- Our fluIe Jonr1n. dad Rtral Sooth- the
t paars of s fhpes; an N RLEANS wil
rk box, goblet, h
sat th iti h g TENSIVf siLL OUT. ap
two and a half -
t be eiie feet Untcle a soa d ahis constitution
tidb All f t be -d For 14 Amendments.
"th enlmober as- U. S (rant swapped Sam Tilden
For Hayes and Casey.
6rildren uto be Hayes swapped Packard for Nicholls.
g; et;.a are ex- Chamberlain sold his tax collectors
h" the Treasurer To Wadue Hampton.
Packard gave the State House as a don
ruinaaiion are re- ation Morris Caitse to
miuci eexrcise s of Francis T. Nicholls.
fense lsuever ex- Jacob A., sold h14 stlok of goods, wood
lvietiiflS on this yatul atd ware house
biftnesa to Joseph Nq.,
bpen practicable, *olfson.
dyays, sad are to In retiring frIt the trade I have been
tt, guardians and in for the has 32 *ears, In this parish, I
wnhen authorized desire to ez4m.ess my thanks to my friends
to do td. and citetdneis and esmmend them to the
deence is ssbject to . ew It ohe purchases may stock and
* :ie the facilities required to supply
rrthtr pe r iu l, their wans. Very BRLeNpetfll.
theMOHE $ MOT....JACOB A. WOLFSON
' Convent. Grsppe'& Blua. March 5, 1877.
10Gaervier S treet,
:atht I' P Get your JO1 PRINTING
gatoi s. inn at the VnwK1W3(on Ofi~ee.
TA
For all diseases o
WILL CUR
WITr ER II MUST
Siltmnons Liv'
Crowning Vletoery. t:%,,'. A:s i
has no eqtufl.
The ('entennial Connittee on.Sew a mahuld I tii
ing Machines, after a thorounghl exam- --.that'ýplitslth
ilation of the various Machines on peph; Dys!
exhibition, have awarded A
The singer Manuf'act.rinq Company prfesSof, i
re T  lool, Pal
The very highest l'remium that coehe be La.
r conferred upon any Exhi':itor stALAI(
AND CONSISTS OF Yoti are at lihbe
TWO MEDALS OF HONOR! praie tbyour lRe
AND TWO DIPLOMAS OF 'lIEIIT! " en, and recos i
tihe best pit!rveuti
)1FOR TIlEl in the .ortd. I
"', 1 ' or in. iteiji" All'
, 1.4 if taken i ilame
s to Yours &e, 1it
i Une-half of all the Sewltg hiel!s ur , 11
the Sold in the Year Ii., wert ID'US, CIIil
which is suillcient evidence of its supe- tljator is sou
a rior y over.all othlers,. edv rit Mal
r 'we ask is to test 'HIll SINGER he- edyr ,
tfore p1iir asing any other. old on easy this hectilonl
telhs; e lts fal discolll t f)or eashl : old ti sseti,
ºiewtrt of imitatioull Singers anld Russo.l,
S1.N1'UERS painitd over to look like new, CONE
and ti1lefed for gale b thie Cn.lvassers of TESTIMONY C
t a some f the other Sewing Machine Cotme- GeuonlA..--I i
Sipa, niei as is getunuinte New Singer Machines. Re.guiator for ca
Apply to caused by a ti
TIHE SINGER MANUFACTURING CO., the liver, for t
No. 01 CANAL, STRlEEiT, ways when ust
one NEW ORLEANS, LA. tions, with dec
it. Or 0i: W. ROB:RTS. Cantvasser, a good mnedicin
At NATCII'rOCIIES, LA. the liver--at lei
.... = sonal experieun
uO J. . DUS OURNAU, o,
Corner FRONT A.N CHURCH Streets. SIC
ied bn Natchitoches, La. EDITI
iing - n tcsteed ita
r'EEPS tiONT ANTLY on bhand a know th:
Red, cilee asslorttnc t of 1)liY les ; anud
GOODS, SHIOES, IIA'T'S, CLOTHING it is the i
etc., consisting in part of : ever sw.
$ FANCY GOODS, Liver Ren
950 ENGLISH AND AMIERICAN gay v us R
16 0 PRINTS, BLEACHED AND lief; but
a 00 BROWN COTTONS, relievel
man.- LINEN LAWNS, .
t te COT'I'ON ADES, '
TICKINGS, Having hl
, at 3 PLAID years of mn
Sfur OSNABURO, with them m
f, t 4a CASSIM ERES, me a great d
a BLA C GOODS, of your Regi
g Felt, itllBONS dliseases I C(
IIRIS11 LINENS, iug one Pa,
Felt, at WHITE GOODS cure in eve
IIOSIERY, tried to p1
I cent Trimmings of all Kind, praise. I Ce
d, Augusta, Cl
ixed LANTEIS' LINENS, of. ore.
Swork, AR'TIlFI('IAL FLOWERS, OEhRGE
CROCKERY 24th, 1875.
CINA WARA &Co. Ph
3 00 FRENCH .
30 d o BLACKING Iin
ldwith NOTO S: aO a
rraft on HATS,
SHOES AND FOR GRA
CLOTHlING.
S. . Also a full line of GentlelPnn' Wear. Ax
A FULD ASORTMENT
OF LADIES' HATS.
ad the SILKS PARASOLS,
rpar ped FI HING LINES
at forty AND HOOKS,
POCKET KNIVE,
at their TOILET 80AP, saSsor
at any thirPERFUMERIES,
rer to the STATIONARY. 'rues
e lB can ALLTHE ABOVE AT BOTTOM PRICES- For frei
'EAU , FROM HER ASHES.
The Phenix has put on new life and now
NTERS ,aters for public favors.
SJ Warren Suddath
lt cgFort
_ has taken clhrge and DAN now dispenses
sD tile choieest
" BRANDIES,
8777. WHISKIS N:
st Week- LIQUORS,,1t
South;  &c.
e ithle RICH ST. LOUIS BEER ON DRAFT. ru'HE
t e i Don't forget, ye thirsty, the prnENlX
eas t iHe on St. Denis Street. with (
oatabes, Feb. 24.1y lae
th Smith, iITII 1EFO1 L1M The I
,Orangesi w C
s,,Japan The commodious Al steamers g.
neet for thec
o, ttee latest
eps; and KINNEY
Reeepie for , J.B. Kinney, Master.
ntation, as
Lc k Room. K. W -
Cleat, new A.G. SWAIN, Master, BR(
e DRes of
. e,~.tl FANNIE TATUM,j
$50 per Jxo. W. ELWELL, Master.
nmonthe, or
in idvnace d aTeILL rnn regnlarly in the New Or
lY t eans and Shreveport tnure ditriug
;lril $0fltlh- the entire wseson. Particular attentioln
will be p ld to 1,1 businese entrsted tO BO
Stheir care. For freig, or. passage,
:LL OUT. apply to j W. SUI)DATII, gent.
De OT. e. 9.---3m.
tntion T E S A
t Amendments. .
a Tilden "
Hayes and Casey. C
fr Neicoll.
adee Hampton.
House as a don- d St. Deais Streed
Mortis aCse to
SoT.ds wiholod- Finest Old COGNAC BRANDY, Puresnt
Saaid wrae house WHISKIES, First-class WINES, Import
nese to Joseph N. , ed and Domestic CIGARS and the
otrarad. eae beenlger Beer lPOR1U ,f ie CI.
I n thpi rhI St. Louis and MilwalklkeC dre'amy beet on
ankstomytfoifends tp. Drink and gr6w fat and never
emendt them to the forgetPRI.
rtcs msy etsk sand Forget'
.tqnitl totsupply Feb 24. ( -
rv A. Reset~pWOLF8ON. Cartel,
0. , 18... -_0 3 30112
joO PINTIMI *I Corner Fostr aid noxr streets.
II(WI(P Oie. MaVeh 5-1- Lunch free every (day
TAKE
SllirlS' LIVER IEGL.ITOR
For all diseases of the Liver, Stomacl!
and Spleen.
WILL CURE t)YSPi' SiA.
I MU'ST OWN that your
Sihmnoins Liver fhrilator folly
(deserves the pip:tdarity it has at
tained. Asa fa;ulilvy nedicine it
has 1no eqt1:tl. It culletd y wvife of
a ulalatd I li:zil lolnted incurable
---that lisilislaue of our Americald
e1 Vetlfi Dysp'.epsiaI. .
A.. AE. P. ALBERT.
Profes~oft in Niecnlla;s Public
h$ltool, Parish ofl Terreboul:e;
I La.
atMALAIIOUS FEVERS;
Yoti are at liberty to use my flamie in
I r fie or leulatr I lator is prepitted by
yoi, and recommeiind it 1to every one as
the hest 0i: eveutive for Fever and Ague
in the .%otl4d,. I plant iun Solthwestenr
Geor ri. iw"id Alhuany, Georgia, and must
sIIy ta ft lil hll done mIoro good on ir
pillntation aimonLg negroes thanl any me -
Icince ! tve' Uitsed; it supersedes Quinine
if taken I1 on. . .ne.
Yours &c, Ilos. B. II. IflL. Ot
CIIILDIIEN !-Your Reg
Slatiir is superinr to an:y other rem
b edy for Malarial Diseases tqilnong
es childe, r nd it. hals a fbirg' sale inI
this sectionle of Georgia--W. M.
ld RUSSELL, Allnny. Ga.
c, CONSTIPATION,
I TESTIMONY O1 THF CIutEr JURTtCE Ov
0111- IEutolse.A.--I have used Simmons' Liver
Reigulato r cOlnstipation of muy bowels.
caused by a temporary derungement of
the liver, for the last three ylar and al-.
ways wihen used ac ording tp 1e direc
A. tions, with decided benefit. f think it is
a good medicine for the derangement of
A the liver--at least suech has. been tmy per
sonal experience in the us of it.
U *.IIiRAM WARNER.
Chief Justice of Georgia,
SICR HEADACHE,
EDITORIAL,--We have
tested its virtues personaly, apti
Sn know that for Dyspepsia, ilidi*t
l)7li ness; and Thobbing Headache,
ING it is the best medicine the world
ever saw. We have tried forty
other remedies before Simmons'
Liver Regulator, but none of them
N gv - us more than temporary re
AND lief; but tle Regulator not only
relievedl, lut clred us.
En. TELEGRAI'Pl ANI) MESSENGUR,
Macon, Ga.
IS, Ila'in hiad during the lnst twenty
L ID years of nmy life to attend to Rlacin
Stock, and having had so much trouble
with them with Colic, Grubhs, &c., gave
we a great deal of trouble; having heard
of your Regulator as a cure for the above
diseases I coieeldedd to try it, after try
S, iug ocne Package in Mash I found it to
;ODS cnre in every instance, it is only to be
IE RY, tried to prove what I have, said in its'
praise. I can send yon Certificates froUn
Augusta, Clinton & Mlacon, as to the cure
of .orse.
t;1of RGE WAYMAN, Macon, Ga. July
'24t h, 1875.
ttlne 1,aop."~r uity ~5. . &* I. f
& Co. Phladelphii, Pa.
KISG innott't Line.
Fai and Winter Arrangeient.
FOR GRAND ECORE, MONTGOMER1
aW. ALEXAN DRIA, ptn'XVILLIE NOriMAN'S
BARRIN'S, FORT DERUSSY,
All Way Lamndillgs.
SATS. The A I hllinlteent ad ftkt
truftlidg passenlger packet
BART AbLE !
S.AP, o MastI , F Clerk,
[IS EAVES Grand Ecore positively evrh
IONA AY. u 'rUESoY at 12 M1.
d PCCE S. For freight or pase8o P1 P .on . ert
r UIES I. M~, Agent
ao. H. CARVER.
FRON¶t STREET,
dFor the ALL and WIN
TER1 Trade.
['O &e. New Goods!!
DRA DAT.. 'HE entire stock is better and more
the<is nIr1ket, and hiving been purobwsd
with CASH, aeln be old lower tha f le
loaerct.
LM L1IE The Motto of the Firm is to sell
CHEAPER THAN TIE CHEAPESTF'
steamers Call and exatntie our astoct which *
consists in part of
SCASSIMERES,
eter. TWEEDS,
KERSEYS,
, PRINTS,
aert BROW & iILEAC1E D COflOn ,
U , LADIE' IP1Es GOODS,
Msaster TRIlIM INGS,
in the New Or- BLbNKETS
rrt trtuae d diriug ieg
irelara itio Wooleft ood of all klndi.
,is entr etded tO BOOTS,
, or. Pe sage, SHOES,
DLTD, Aent. LAD1# in4 Gt '.
A , Clothing, a fell nd 4omplete assort
Smeati.
Crockeiy, tioio ow Wil
'rtlt, lo* Wait.
A full line of FAsCY and AEMIlL1
.srtree GROCERIES, WI ES, LIQUORS, &C:
ANNDY, Purent Books, tfibIary, &c., &c.
,WINES, Import- In fact
GARS and the A FRgy i n1 selet sttook e joi alwaiyh
avUN *f $hO' C(tlS. on hatrd, wldeh having bee' puychasd en
keacshb'hs osenables us to oficr cetra indue,
w aretma beer on meuts te each buyers.
Sfat and never Highest cash price paid for cotton and otliA
AA. PRl I* produce. acd liberal advances made in ca h
merchandiAs on conslgnment"
- erIlarch 15-1v.
01 BUIST'S CARDEN SEW.,
SHO Stts A FUiLL supply ill be on bandloon :
OOtes. alsm onion sets and early rose potatar:
Innc free evvr y d j.. li 3-t.. JC. THI(ICIHEl: