OF I'ITCIA L
Paper of the Parish and City of Nalrhitorhes
JAS. H, r 19IG OV, - . tator.
SATIRI)AY, - -- NOV. 10, 197.
Constitutional ('onven!ion.
An official of the State government,
so says the New Orleans Timc.s, while
personally opposing the Cotnstitnlitlln
al Conventiion, will not votie against
it in the A..setnlly, Ibecase the cotnn
try people of Louisiana have made
the issue one of sentiment.
This paper relports the "reasons"5
adduced iby this ,oflicii as follows :
"In my opinion the State of Lo.,uisia1a
is in the position of a c,,itvaht en&.t, and
what her iipeople Miist r'.'quire is rest.
We needI timt' to rec,'prate. uil to p,.r
mit the aspe.rities f tlhe past gr.lnally
become assuaged. It 'wMni he I,,.fr ,etter.'
he contiond, "unlil thishs I,.,e.n na
cotmplishedl, to sliliit amiendents coll -
sidered esenmtial to thlie present consti
tution, to a popular vote. The ,ondi
fion of the bodly piiltic as I understand
it, is like a mountain flilhl with fissures.
The cornmnnity is divided into :t i,
liuitesimal number of parts, ani it will
require tunlllle for it to Jheiolel holtogIIne
ous. Were this important qunestion
agitated( at the presen!t time," said the
gentlemnan, "''fragmentary cliies wouldt
instantly resnnume their ilndivilduality, old
issues woult revive. o(l wtounls break
out afresh, and in the tturmoil we woutl
certaily apprxitmatle the ordeatl l4hrt'lughl
which we have just l;.ssed.
"Such all issue, in Ily opinion, would
give more animlation t tlhe late lRIpubhli
can party than =tsn move that could he
made. and all thing, ,onsid.rcl, the dis
aldvantages detvlopt'ld ill seenril :a new
constitution wollt ontnumler the ad
vantages it would c.nfller. I know that
thi. idea does notl prevail in the country.
Well infonrmed gentlemen, wilho have re
'ently visited the agrieult ral districts,
tell ime that the desire fir a new con
ntittion has allost ,ecoile a senltimelnlt,
and if this he the case, we can; estitmate
the effort that will be made to secure a
convention. I shall not opptose it. Itn
'dleed if I did, the act might ho helieved
prom tel ,by a desire to retain my prtes
ent office, and that is a charge I would
not like to hear.
"Of contse,' saidl he, "a constitutional
convention woltl not necessarily entail
a general electirn, andt resolutioits could
be offered retaiirng thiI present State
government. But conventionis usually
result in an entire change, and when
politicians, with tlthe power, see an op
portunity, they are not slow ill usintg it
Viewing the matter, however, fiom a
non-partisan standpoint," e'ntlneId this
otlfficer, "I would no" sugg,.st a convin
tion at thel present time. In a financial
sonse the present constitlltion possesses
many admniraln provisions. lBy no
State in the Union are seetrities morte
ertrupulously protected, and witl proper
legislation I think our finaneial policy
would be such as to render the govern
ment by no means a Iirdle, and at the
same time make it tffective. My judg
ment convinces me that what we lmtost
need is rest, recuperation and a condi
tion of tranquility, which will prove an
invitation to the industrious of every
land to seek a refuigo within our bortlers.
This disconrsO is as ingenious as it
is flimsey, and is in the sunal line of
those who have taken it upon them.
selves to oppose the first great step
toiwardn the "rest, recuperation" and
repose of the material citizens of this
state.
It seems strange to us that men,
possessing btains enough to entitle
them to official .consideration at the
hands of the Democratic party,
should ionsgine that thie quiet repose
of the people of Louisiana innder tile
present Constitution, whlen over one
fourth of tile articles of it are
diret stabs at tlheir material and so
cial prospeliy, mteant patient patri
otism. Show us a people remnining
quiet under thle oppression of villan
onue laws, and we will show you a
people crushed in energy, dead in
spirit, and fit ontly for tile rule ofa
tyraint. God forbid that onr people
should become "tranquil"-that would
only be a presage to their thorough
subjugation.
Paltroonry is taught a people in
more ways than one, and this cant of
"quiet, rest, recuperation &c., is an
Ingenions attempt to instill into the
tninds of Louisianians the fear of con
aequences, a liberty loving people
should never entertain.
'1'he question is not one of recu
peration at repose, but can be best
expressed by asking, is the present
Constitution of this State one that
the people can prosper under; can
they be assured that "rest, recupera
tion and condition of tranquility,"
this interviewed official so fondly
, wishese? Most assuredly not !
It is from laws that a people suffer
not from tile ment who execnte them,
and it is the lsheerest folly to argue
tifat a good man can execute a bad
law in tile interest of society. It has
not been a month since, that an hon
eat Judge in this State was ginflty of
deciding against the plain letter of
one of the most villanous articles in
the present bayonet Consiitutioit by
a quibble so ridiculous as to make an
Intelligent man ashamed to read it.
Judge Rightor's ears nimust have tin
gled with shame when hie was cornm
pelled in the interest of "peace and
harmony," to hunt thie "groves of
ilarney" in order to save the Public
School system of this State.
This wise man speaks lovingly of
the "dutnaelal provisions of the pres
et ionstrument," which he pronunces
"admirable," and by no State in the
"Union are securities more scrupu
lously protected." IHas this astute
statesman thought for a moment that
the "scropulous potectie" is all
there Is in this boasted "inancial
policy." Ha hIe cogitated upon the
fact tlmt this protecting the creditors'
interests (and priuciplp) so nicely
operates another way-as a burden
lpon those iho mtake otcrnmcnts,
tle taxpnl3 r.
--All that freedom's highest aims can
T~ blt to lay proportion'd lo(ds on each.
lece, should one order disiproportion'd
grow,
Its d,ulle weight must ruin all below.
We ate aassured of one thing in this
lengthy disn.usion of the question of
;a Constitlutional Convention, which
has now spun over months of time,
which, is, that our people are astonnd
ed by the startling f;et hant their ofli
cials, for we take the official as the
princi pal opponent to the Constitn
tional ('onvention, knowing so little
lof htumanll goveltrnment, its objects and
pnrt(poses, and they are equally as
tonished at the volhility with which
they show that ignorance on every
occaiot1O .
Peat!h of Senator Morton.
Senator Morton, tihe soul of ilhe
Republicin ;party, died in Iildiana on
the 31st October.
\\hihl living his bitteirness to the
Sonuh, and all those who were our
friends, was naulde manifest on all oc
casi.ns. The grave was not snfli
cient seven to cover our frailties in
his eesV(, aniid all we held dear or
cherished were tihe subjects of his
rnde but forceable den unciation.
The Republican party in his demise
sustaiuns a great loss, for his ability
was iuliestioned; that the country
at large will suffeilr we opine not.
('harity bids its to let thlie tolil, to
which lihe now descendls, cover all his
errors. We seek not to invade the
circle of his mourners. ~1May his frail
ties aniid iinnatural abuse of Southler
nien andl women be forgiven him by
the G(realt hereafter as fiecly as we
now forgive them.
Stealing the Presidency.
The Republicans are losing their
glip on tile northern ~ttates with light
ning rapidly. The causes therefor as
ascribed vby them are, the Southern
policy and the Civil Service reform
small matters to our mind for such a
revulsion of opinion in the minds of
those who have stood through thick
and thin to the party of great moral
ide , s.
In our humble opinion, this repub
lican loss, and honest men's gain
this defeat.of radical candidates by
Waterloo majorities in the loyal
north, is nothing more nior less than
an open expression of honest men
against the stealing of the Presidency
by the radical party Inst winter.
Haves the receiver of the stolen
plunder will be able to keep his head
above water for a month or so yet,
but lie must eventually be drowned
in tihe ocean of indignation with
which honest American opinion is
certain to deluge every miscreant
who took part in thwarting their will
in 187f. All the thrusts and dodging
of Conkling wont save them, and all
men will heartily cry, amen ! when
the end is reached.
IF legislation in the interest of
classes were abandoned in this conn
try what an impetus would all pur
suits receive. For instance, with a
tariff for rev'enue ourl, without even
the shadow of'protection ; a repeal of
the Registry law, of the Resumption
law, of the denometization of silver
law, of the National banking law, all
the causes for the present depression
in the country would be removed.
Time will tell whether the people
have succeeded in weeding out their
enemies in Congress, if they have not
now, they certainly will in another
year, when we may hope to see all
these beneticial acts accomplished and
the country move off to greatness.
Tom Anderson and Mat Wells are
hanging by the eye lids. Attorney
General Ogden has all the evideuce
necessary to convict and the twin
rascals will yet be made to suiler
for their vilhlain .
M. Hahn and other radicals have
been indicted by the Grand Jury of
Avoyelles parish for peijury, bribery,
&c. Thle Bulletin dont think Hahn
is guilty. T'he amount too small;
only a hundred dollars.
WVe mre in receipt of a copy of the
charter of the North Louisiana hn
migration Society for which company
we have been appointed to solicit
subscriptions. We will publish the
charter next week.
TilE Washington Republic says that
35,000 colored men will leave Louis
iana for Liberia because "they can't
get their rights." "Right" to rule
white men and plunder at will. Get
out ye 3.5,001, and do it quick.
A. WILLIAMS & CO., Boston, lass.,
favors us with a pamphlet, written
by George R. Stitson, Esq., of that
city, entitled, "The Southern negro
as he is." The subject is treated un
der the heads of questions and an
swers, and from a hasty perusal we
judge the author to be well versed in
tile moral, social, and political char.
acter of the negro.
THE VINDICATOR will contain next
week the full list of delinquent State
and Parish tax-payers,
CONGRESs, is being disturbed by
Ewing with his anti-resumption bill
and that also for re-monetizing silver.
Notwithstanding the agony of Con
gress the people are with Ewing.
Parochial Affairs,
As the year dlaws to a close the con
dition of parochial finances becomes
minre healthy and the plain letter of
the laiw, as followed by the Democrat
ic polie jury and hitherto grossly
neglected, is shown to be the wisest, t
safest and best policy.
In a recert number of the VINDICA
rTO we stated the gross exlpenses of
the patlish thus far, in ten months,
and which inclutles pay of witnesses,
jurors, shelriff's fees, clerk's cost,
inetubers ,alaries, paupers, roads,
bridges and contingent expenses, to
have been 59-(it,97. This we take it
is a good showing ; one at least that
can hdefy coinpetition either befote or
since the war in this parish. There
is no current issue eii)on the Illniket,,
and what little there was issued hl
the preceding indieal jury in, the lirst
fiur months of the year went lup on
the advent of the D)elmocratic inmem
hers, June 1st, from 4'0 30 to 90),93
cents on the dollar.
'I'o-day every debt incurred during
1 77 has been paid in cash and there
reumains in the treasury over2 000 dol
lats with which to meet the expenses
of the coming term of the District
Court.
If the taxpayers are not satisfied
with this showing then we unhliesita
tingly say, they can never be pleased.
Hitherto, when taxes were levied
and collected and then squandered
or stolen, there was a justiliable ex
cuse for the nollipaynellnt of taxes,
alnd we were the first antid iiost per,
sist ant in advising such a course
but wheni tlie monies are used for
tinone other than ligitinlulte expendi
t ,res, andl such economliy is shown, as
the above exlibits prove, we consid
er it any thing butil patriotic to de.
niiiur payment.
We can safely challenge a comnpari
son bietween the manilagenlelnt of tihe
present Police Jr1iy, and that of any
which has legislated for this parish,
or any other for that matter. We
have we opine, rlroven our faith to
the people of this parish by "'works"
-by advocatilng their rights when it
cost !iolre thalln imere wolds to do so,
for that reason w gie ie or opiniions
freely, anld we propose to defentd the
present Police Jury, and their aid
miniistration to the bitter end, cost
what it may.
Ourn readers will note the improve
ne)ents ill the VINSIICATOR of late,
when it wa.s supposed there could be
none. Our issue weekly covers all
worth knowing. The editorials are
select and to the point ; a full and
correct epitome of the news from all
parts of the world ; Washington cor
Iespondence, country dito, with more
local items than appear in any South
ern coontry weekly, while our farm
er fiiends have a column of choice
matter for their perusal, and the
feature for our church friends is the
Rev. Mr. Ilough's weekly church lec
ture. In fact the merits of the VIN
DICATOR render it not only a valua
ble paper but an indispensible one.
A complete list of the members
elect of the Ohio Legislature shows
that the senate will stand-Demso
crats, 25 ; Republicans, 10. The
H1ouse will stand-Demociats, 71;
Republicans, 36 ; Independents, 2.
Total-Dernocrats, 96 ; Republicans,
46 ; Independents, 2.
THE CONFEDEarATE SOLDIER'S RE
TURN, OR THi: LosT CAUSE.--A mag
nificentt picture-, beautiful in design
and artistic in execution. It repro.
sents it Confederate soldier after the
war returning to his home, which he
finds ruined by shot and shell, look
ing lonely and desolate. In front of
the ruined cottage, telling a sad tale
of the misiries of war, are two graves
with rude crosses, on one of which
some friendly hand has hung a gar
land. The graves are overhung by a
weeping willow, in the shadow of
which stands the returned soldier
with bowed head, as if thinking of
the past. To the right the calm river
and rising moon indicate peace and
rest. The stars seen through the
trees represent the Southern Cross,
draped over the graves, an emblem
of the Confederate flag as well as a
harbinger of brighter days to come.
The flood of glorious moonlight
streaming through the trees and re
flecting on the peaceful river adds to
the sentiment and beauty of the scene
and its sum roundings. No descrip
tion of this gem of art will do it
justice-it must be seen. It is a pic
ture that ,vill touch every suouthern
heart and should find a place in every
southern home. It is 14x18 inches in
size, on heavy plate paper. One copy
will be sent by mail, in a pasteboard
t roller, to any address, post-paid, on
receipt of 25 cts.; three copies for 60
cts., or six for $1, in currency or
postage stamps. Agents wanted
everywhere, to sell this and a variety
º of other popular cheap pictures. No
money required until they are sold.
No trouble to sell ihem. Send stamp
º for our catalogue and tel ms.
Address, A. CREGAR & CO.,
Publishers, 168 Market Street,
Chattanooga, Tenn.
The Irish World is a workingman's
paper, and like all such considers the
only workingmen are the mechanics.
Where are the farm laborers in all
this row t
Road working is now being pashed
by parish overseers. Many of the
roads need their attention sadly.
Christmas fiziuge will shortly be in
bider.
Natelnitocles Parish.
I1
Spaeo did not 'jlrmllit Itus to give the i
iproduct ions of Natchitoehes parish in our
lar Ist issue, and we extract froml the pan1
pl;let refer'red to then, an epitomeil of the di
prodnetionts and social and general condi
ion of Nlatchitoches. We may add tllt.
molasses and sugar have bteen of late t
years attralting attention, and our hilli
farmers particularly, are now producing
their ow II slugar lll ol1 molasses, as well as
'large qun:l itiesof "hligh Inand rice" which N
grows luxuriautly and yields abulndant -
ly. i
"''nder the usual and ordinary system i
Stif cultivation, the alluvial lands yi, ld in 4
tiood seasons one 1ilah of cot flh to the it
a11re, n1d abolut 41 hushels of corn: the
t uplI s 1 ro 111 (11 to (f a bale', and alollt Ii
r ~) b ushels of l'(oriito l the al're. CornII .'- 1
mt hitherto raiseld otly to supply tll do. -
mestic requirenwnts, this yield is by n1 M
ne:Is a fair indication of the ealu city of
the soil on either description of land. if
it we're 1made n11 objc.ltt to llroinh'e thisl
t rain eilthe r l'r exportl:ltion and sale or
til.h stock li.edinsg. The smne careful
reode oft'ultivatiom of our heels Which
characterises thos." of the Northwest
5wuld co4p111 are fav4oraly 1 t1 hl that of the 11
section rfer red to, and if raised in quait - t
ýititis justifying exportation to New Orl- u
e:ns and other Southern cities, would en
beh. our agIriculturis s to icompete withl'
1 stces withl those of the Northwest. No' (
nnltry atll4ds a better r' g11 o1t r stock
sof eery desclription than this, and the
ivast 1hrests, with their production of
m stI' ill llo1' noreg lllr ua Sl l etrenll e, afflll rd
1 the cheapest sste nauce for hogs, which1
Swouha l render e1l:lbrkaltion' in the pork t
Strade vastly profittable, as thusf, there
wo''uld le requir'd but .1om11aratively lit
d stliciently protr:wted seasons of 1cold
wellther If' r the killing :u1'd (Iuring seaoll
' whogs, to ensure the safetliy iof this husi
fitss, anld the I 1home llrttkiet of ihe ,othll-li
west, wou ililish wcons:iml 11 'ls nt1r. 1;1l that1
cldi be pt lIp. The iltndig nols glasl is
of this section and the plo tllr.ed seasons
iduring whic they are available, f re111' nder
stork raising profitable and easy : and,
with m1uch less attention than is bestow
Sedl ist more Northlern sections, the busi
Sness of cattle and sheep raising can . h I
prosecuted to very great advantage. In 1
Sthe same latitie with the great caittle
region of Texas, and with natural pastu
rage which may 1 e inmenlsely improved
by the introduction of grasses from other
e setiones, the indull enlts presented by
this lc'ality are of the most inviting
chara1cttr. Exper.ience, although on a
Slimited scale, has convinced us that the
it is t grlasses of thel 1Middle and WIllsterni
S ates e' Ie sulce1sstunlly cultivated i
. hero. Wheat, rye, oats, lurtlely and tnil
of t lo5ri4sh woith fair i ltivalion, alnd al
though hitherto raised in small qCun, n 1ti
ties. post exple'rwin j stlifies the assertinll
that they ncan be protitably cultivat'd.
SDuingih the late war, o jit'n rcouinin-ica
tiLion with the great grain growing see
tions, on which we ale as rdelied, was cut
oill nearly all the heat o t itsu d in this d
locality was raised here, and wition.ut any
Simproved machinery, but with te of porary
mtakesthitis converted into flour. Hlay.
filr 1heyond the wants of our own connltu
nity, can le readily saved, and will al
wa- s find a good tharket The low llands
of derir g : he swaco mps are susceptible of
tlhe easy Tie vation of ricel; indeed, al
most alol the grains raised ill other por
11 tions of the Union. can lie produced here,
II and wit proper attention, the lasturin ge1
rI fullyies tested and almost every de, iption
of thi- weed lourishes with such cultiva
tion andlk aof tilention as are rdinarily be
l hicstowed in olher lecalities lhere it i l, io
is1rtility of the soil that Ne chritoclter of
lweed. anitid in past years thent reputation of a
i nif has beepolitical niled. This plrtic to
SIuvlrt the la riucid s of obao lllelufalred into o
, er, tdiechas to European 'el utation, andto
in si ,sit 1(every city in Elropte is knotldu
a nliCd sought alter. Alt0l2ough tol, eco s1
. not extensively cultivated inl this.P frish, ll
scipnrtioely plantie sla ie, seen on wtittchd
Suit. is not moraised with c mlf of tile txuri
ance by the pltil, ropri tors and hands r i
e their iown status, a. , wh, e n
rs Thus we have shown0 tllhe adaptarlility
's of these coil of the Polarish flr tIbolre l, ivt
ti at same time most proitable products ofrl
agric political rights,i to they are rcomnten
. dations win hich we have detaid as regard
. Ii', and we think we can, enin behalf oftheir
Iour Parish, successfullyr white challengize tcoI-i
Sariso n with any other seeti of this 10, r
highly fantofed Unir, asto tileo its tiatiural ad
vantagbefore set forth;n all if the respecs namdisposed to
latiord engaged iet agris to conflict, collisionts,
our ltgonslle withut ilete siore to disprry,
we cpssSn, and do, erminent degreassure tlharc
ithat omforteaso, they af et no stenta-y,
in. Iolly and withfout indulgence exn
prsire luxuriesive, alm the nschool fu wants andlle
I'desirabl the ecomforts areof gooratied schoolsand en
toyed. The various religious sects andvi
delnominations have their, or distllowericts, and al
Sfreedom ofich are Bligiouards of Diretors, tolerationmpo
Sselocalities through the respective districts,
to anhomd lawlessness codd the managy have flowed in the
g withake of the tnmber orible internicine waren
e whinechdtr has evasted so many seifors, ith
byis a genotoriousal fact throat Natchitoct thes hastate
w and order-abiding Parish, and differ- good
Iencsre political opinildren has failed to
suhertvail the principles of it, a godherance to or
avail themselves of it, a goond elementaery
edlnc:ition. Aun increase ill the detnllitV of
population would ie aclomplanuied 1v in- 4
clcreas' of educationall advantages uand
lmore extenlded st udies.
For cheapnell'ss of living. with gono and I
- subst:antial fare, this country lp.'eslints inl
disputable claims. 'li, hlengthy growing
Sseason, in which vegetableds te., of 'l'rv
descirilption lhoulnd,1 ahulll:an'e of sma:ll
n grains raised with lhei, s ilightest xIieni
l ture, slliily oif hef aiind porlk adileliuate t
I tr tliih largest de:manids. anid at illthe low- s
est prices, inaill olr Ii j l.,Ih ti live with
decidedll collflort iandl chelllpness. t
Th l'e Inited ilStates I.aid ofllice for tlile t
Nurtllhwest.ern D)istiic.t tIt loulisianall is lo
atled t t le town ofi NtchitochiIes, llthe
parish scat of Natchitneihs, thus iffoiud
ilg to immigrants disirous, of seltlirng
i uponi the puhlici l ilands. oppoilirtunities of I
idoiling so, aiiil the expense and trtnhle h
ii" lly 4 1 11} attendant '11 i del' , entris
e t hill nd will hei tfullin to he tll ch less 1
t hain in aiiv otheir setion)i. iind a large
i t i eillih lower prlices than ini the Nortl
n west."
HAVES IN AN UGLY FIX.
The Diflleilty of I'rovidinm for all the
Rogues who Helped Coult Him in.
VA'%I'Ia;Nxox, Oct( ,. 'The Fraud
Itlentt 'l'r'esidl'ilt is ii aln gly fix labout t
the New Orlehans ('ustom llose. Jin.
- Sheiran, ill accordance with tlihe
agreemenlt imade with WVells aind An
'dersonI in Novelnbter, I67t6, made '
Judge King Collector at the dictatiion
of Adlerson. King did not prove so a
P tractable as the Reiturni ng ]onard
Sroggels expected, alnd so they insisted
Sthat .ndelson should be Iiuiadle chief '
Sdeputy, and John Slhernian did not a
dare refuse. They f'irthher stipulated I
Sthat King's name shildohl not le Sent
to tlhe Senate it thiete was a llroialili
a ity of the Admiiiistration being able ,
to secure lile th o liil'niation of Antliler
. soin a Collector. Thie arl' angemlent i
in this case was that Andirsionii should
t be nominated toI theoe ohectoi ship.
i Since then the attitude of the Senate
Stoiiwar tile Administlration hias be
S c ollt iote threateningii than was iull
pirehiended last August, and the game
of Wells and Allndersoni ino is to
have King's niane sent in and theli
nominationiiii riiejected. This would
ei pactically leave Anderson Collector,
iand he believes lie could hold on un
til Dtec'ber, 1I78, when things might
r change for the better. There are,
however, two other parties betLO from
New Orleans whoi havie somlething to
say aboutill the Colcllctorshilp. The I
Sfirst, and most formidable gatng, is
,l h aled by Packard and Kellogg.
I They sayl to the President through
- thlir sl1okestiiitii, that if lHaives di es t
not give Packard the Co('llhctorshill
t they will expose the inside history tof
the doings of the Com ission lie senlt c
to Louisit na to sell out Packard.
I They have the evidence to plrti e thiat
eight of tile eturnlitig hlard nliem
y Ilrs of the Packard Legislature were
y bought. and that they were paid
" about $I,100 aplit.e. 1
They say also that this evidence
will collect at least two wof the Coln
tlmissioners with this bliargaini and sale. N
Kellogg in his propositiions to the Se
I- nate Comniittee oni Piivi'leges and E:
ectioln, says he is ready to bring to I
Slight anid prove as follows (quoting
the third pointli in his brief): "The
SIet s resortled to secure thie organiza
n ion of what is known as the Nicliolls
Legisliature, and the installment aie nd
continuainc in power of the Nicliollso
SExecitive." This meansi the de rel
Soplilienti of the trut oftlie ciarges Iii
s iullet, made agailinst W\V ayte McVea, igh
it' last spring. Butler is the teal lmanii
o get'r of Kellogg's case, anid sonic lively
developments may be expected ini re
ii gard to the Lou isiana Cominission
1when til t' Senate CoRiinittee gets to
work. To-night Kellogg's friends ap
, peat to thinlk that the coinlittee,
I when it meets to-tilorrow imot'ning,
i- will be 'ready to take up the inquiry
n on two points: the organizationi of the
State Governmenti. on Jan. 9, wheni
y both the Nicholls and Packard Gov
It elliintints begani opelratiuins, which
º will invole the methodsby which the
i. coipromllise wias effected in April, by I
i which one pretended Legislature dis
appieared anid the other renimainted.
i Meanwhile Packaid is pressinig his
1suit for the Collectiorshlip by every at'
i glinmenit in his poter.. A lprivate des
patch received hete says that the New
Oi leans Dellmocrat has comie out in tii
vor of Packard, and he htis seciried
letters fromn hirOml)inentl business mneli
in his favor.
The other party now here looking
after the New Orleamns Custoui Ihouse
. is headed by ex-Gov. Peni, as a itp
I. resentative of the Cotiservatives of
Lolisiaitia. They aiy in effect to
i Hayes, appoint one of our fiellows Col
1- lector alid we will save Wells and
( l Andersoli from the penitentiary. If
Syoi know when yol ate well ofl, you
n will listen to us. Between these two
cross fires, Shermati and Hayes begii
e to feel as Simoni Cameron dil wheti he
r, gave expression to his innermost
it thoughts about this Administration
is last summer.
WE are happy to announce that the
circulation of the VIDIrcATOR is
steadily and rapidly increasing. While
having the largest circulation, we al
so claim the best country paper in the
State. We will have in our. Power
press on the 1st of January next, after
which time we propose to issue a nine
column weekly--making the IrsDr
CATOR par excellance the paper of
Louisiana. All we desire is a con
tinuance of the cordial support hith
erto extended us.
H. H. Hathorn and H. W. Weaver,
Esqis. paid the Vindicator a visit du
ring the week. They complain of
the Post-office Department neglecting
to send one a key to the Post Master
at Lake Village, when the Post Mas
ter has filed his oath and bond over
six months since.
TIE snlaries plaid the Clerk and
Treasurer of this parish are as fol
lows :
Clerk, seven months salary $150.00
Treasurer's commission at 3
per cent on disbursements
to date............... 52.03
Total. .9202.03
.Some persons are utterly regardlean
of a cold, and do not recognize until
too late the penalty paid for negli
gence; who, had they but taken that
valuable tonic, Home Stomach Bit
ters, would be living now.
For Accopnt and Estate Nf. Ann Pru
dhmmlllle.
Lana Certificates. 0
39 S3-100 Acres, Northwes- t qunarter of
lr4 Soutiihwest qluartter, sectioni 7, town- Ti
slhip . riange 7. ha
:l) 7i-110 Acre.s, Scithlast. lnarter of 1:(
1!). 79!)-(0 ATres, Northelast lna'rtcer of
townisllilp (,I, r~ia ge 5.
Southeast quarterof sect'ion 12, tViownship
1, ralln (' ti
3 53:t-101) Alres, Soutlhwest (qjarter of
the' Slllouthwest quarter of tihe Snthve p;
lltlII'I'tr of s'ctioln 7. , toVwnshiJ. r;inge'7. of
3I 9 :3-1Il1 Acrn'es, Nolihea: tl qtarnItor I li
the Soitthwest quarter of section 7 town- si:
ship 5, range' 7. St
I 23;: I it )00 Acres, W'Kest half of fthe T
Sttntinh ast ll:ittl'ir of se'ti'il , na lld the lit
Ea'tst halof lthe Eiast halt' f sl tiot 13, at
townshil, 8. lol' th ofl ai atg . west.
79 51-1110 Are('sl'. East half of Southelast il
quarter'l', s ctioi 13, township S, range , at
Certiiciate 17019. S.
I1:0 141-100 Acres, Mulltbast qnlarter of A
w'est. I it
I',) Arl'cS, Northllnwet qurtI:l'tr of sec- tl
t iont 7. township 5, niorth. Irange 7, West. 0t
1 O11 !til -100 Ariio .I sio teld I tiliig t right'c
hnnk of ligolet lihmdi.nl, lying colntign- t
.istern, halauce woodland. ft
These lands will he sold at private sale ;I
at any time, payabhe one 11,1f cash, hal
1 iante' in (one andll two y''ears, with good li
I solvent s,,r'ities. To he sold on the 1, (f
f 2, :1. and 4th Mlonday's in Ilc'enmhllr next a
t at Public Auction to the hiighest hidder.
I For account and Estate of J. B. Prud. ii
hom0ne. :11
Two hunaitifil tracts of blind. lying o,
i' each side of Saline t 3avon, lice wil,'se
: 11111oe St. Mlaurice, 'ontaining 406 acres, 1:
t nrelspcti\cly. o
I ('otynonius to One luindred and Sixty h
4 a.wrs of cypre'ss lbreak, adapted to a a
S aw- ill. ti
SIArmand tracts oil Ol River, East hank
said to cont:lin 1t35 axl ents hottoln laud. it
V West hank 63t l:-1l)0 arpcltfs hill lald. 11
For lari'ticulars aillly to
EMILE ST. ANN PHill')tOMME, 41
Caiuipte 1. 0. .
Natchitoche's Plarish, La. 4
FOR SALE. A
CERTAIN plantation or tract of 1
iland, situ ted in the' parish of ed ,.
River, State of lolouisian.t on the right i
1ank of RedH l Ri-ver, dlescenlding. opposite f
e loggy liayou. ll'iig in sections 23L. 24,
s 25', and 26, inl 'Tlownshipl 14, lange 11,
West, containing 793 76-1100 acres.
1 This planhtation has now in cultiva- P
tion and underl good fin'ce, about 3tl)0
(n atres, more or less, with valubhle im
prowvi-lnents, ,mu sisting of a dwelling -
Ihouse, gin . ulit, ii.gro eabins, cornll
t cribs, and all netesary out-buildings.
This plantation is ftinely timbered, and
t lilnot slnltjc't tol ovellows, and will be sold
Sat llrivate sale.
S A ce'rtain tract of land or plantation
situated in thit' parislh (l' Grant. State ofl
I.oui.iana, on the left. i:k of tfle Bion
I)ioc river, descending, i onsisting of a
e grant of 610 reTs of laud confirmed ly
sigcie oi John Baptiste Bri'evelle, and (
99 S-I 5-10 acres purchased by the dl- 0
S ,eased. Letan Prtidlitonn'le, f'omni the
SlUnited Stlates, in Township 8, Range 0, ,
a.e d (' contaillilg in the aggregate, 1239
-1(l! aneres, more or less. This planta-t
tion is also now in cutlt ivation, and with
ahout three or fiour htndred i'es uii
, h(r good fetnce; is tfinly wooded; not
d lilhe to overillw, and has all thile nece.
Ssaruy huildings at inip 'ovenients tlhere.
l4or int foruaction apply to the Iuder
si nld. 13 mils helow tihe town of
Natlhite'hcs, or to his Irollher, S'rdt C
P''uIdhlounel in till' city of Nat,'hto'hcs.
F. A. PRI'DIIOMME.
Agenct and Att'y in Fact of the heirs and
ii legal rcpresentatives of Lestan cPru
I dtlmlne, deceased.
- Nov. 10-h.
, SPECIL 0TICE, r
C STATI; TAX CcOII.ECTOl''$ OFFI('E,
n Notchilochcs, La., Oct. 15, 1877.
An impression seems to prevail among
many persons, that the Auditor has ex- a
C tended the date of paymenit of taxes, I
know otf no law authorizing the Auditor
- or any one else to suspend the Revenue
law at will.
is ilmperative and they have no option
but to obcy it.
In the desire to save trouble and costs
to tax payers I again notify all persons
interhsted that I shall execute the law
d litterally.
n LI. N. LANE,
Oct 20 tf. Tax Collector. I
e THE GRAND RAFFLE t
i for tit Picture "NATCIIITOCIIES," will
. &atrurday, No'cmb'r 10th, 1877.
t The ticket hollers may select the time
[y and place.
n Oct. 13-4t.
JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMENTS,
NOTICE.
Succession of Alexis Cloutier, Dec'd.
JEAN A DUCOURNAU having ap
plied to beconme Dative Testalmenta
ry Executor of the last Will and Testa
ment of Alexis Cloutier, deceased; no
tice is hereby given to whom it may
concern, to show cause within ten days
from this date, why the application of
the petitioner should not he granted.
P. A. SIMMONS,
Nov. 10-2t. Parish Judge.
ESTRAY NOTICE.
Taken up by the undersigned and es
Iraned before Jno M. Tucker J. P., ward
1, one Gray Mare, branded H, on the
left thigh and E S on the right shoulder
Estrayed according to law November
7th, 1877.
J. C. TRICHEL.
Natchitoches, La., Nov. 7. 1817.
ESTRAY NOTICE.
rlTAKEN UP by the undersigned and es
I trayed before E. E. Hannnut, J. P.,
Ward 3. Two Mules. Each branded J. M.
on left shoulder, and about 13 hanls high.
One a bay, and the other a black horse
mule.
Estrayed according to law October 1st,
1877, JOS N. WOLFSON.
i(rapps Bluff,
Nov 3-1mo Natchitoches Parish La.
NOTICE.
) Succession of John Laplace and Clara
Laplace, deceased.
F RNEST SABOURIN, having applied
to be appointed Administrator of the
Succession of John Laplace and Clara Ia
place, deceased. Notice is hereby given
to all parties interested to show cause
within ten days from the publication
hereof why the prnyer of said application
should not be granted.
Witness the Hon. D. Pierson, District
.Judge, in place of P. A. Simmons, Parish
t Judge recused, this Ist.. day of November
A. D. 1877. W. 11. TUNNAID),
Nov 3-2t Clerk.
.1 1I il' SALE.
Julu, lnuease vs M'l, lr. !Eldi Arrn.
and .John C. rTrichl, mn
D)istrict Court, No.-
BY virtu, of a writ of Fi. Fil. 1
Shv the I lon Iistriilt Co rt in
for the P;arish of Natchitoc'he s, and, t .
tie directel, issued on a tw(ey 0lov05t
liotd of Mrs 'iloise Arnimd and JAN
Trichel, in fvor of '. les Dnean. l
have seized imd will otTIr for sale to t
last and higlhest bidder at the ldoer'
('nlit Hllottse in the city and Pla
Natchitiches, on
,Saturdayl, 1st da9 of D)ecember, 187r
the fillowing prolertl, to wit:
A certain lot of ground situated in the
Pairish of N:iatchitlches, having t f -t
of sixty f.eet on Siºley Street, and iq
niintg hack for It depth ono h alnfred
sixty-fi\ve 14.0, Ihoººn l nIorthL by Sibey
Street. isouth y lot, of 'Ptijean, eat I
Thirfd Str'e't. :and west by lut ofS I
I lv':ins, tgelther w\ ith all the buildio
a:nid imlr)\.ovemen'ts· thcrl')on.
Als, ' a certai n lot It grounld situate
in the Town iof Natchitc().hes, 0ani know -
:tad desc'i'ried as lot No. .,on plat of It
Sur'V vedil on I1th day of .July by Sd
f A. lhlrdie'k, having a front ofsixty.pi
tfiet on Sihleh Street, with a de'pth otp4
hlndreld anId sixteen tiet, boundedO
the east by Third Street. west by lot
9 , n o r t h b y lo t fi or t ,,rly It 'alo n g in g N o
Antoine. 1'rudhlminne and wife, witlall
ithe hnilliings and imnllrov\elents there~o
Also iinotheir lot of gr'iind situnated"h
the Town ll and Plish of Natcbitoeb
fronting sixty-six fieet on Sibleyk, i
iund rniiilinig hback lioneh luindred and ilf,
live fict, 'acUllil'rd i by Petitjean frola 1e
I llicession sall I of S. MI. Hyanms on 16t
of Marcih, 1870, with all the buildiag
and improivements thereon
Also ai celrtaini lot of groulnd situtedl
il thile City anid Prish of Natchitoebt
alld numiiihi'red(i 11, I'nllulillig eighty.twofet
six ilnc'hes, oii soth sidle of Chuch
º lrc'et, parallel liiioe. ionllded on the
east lby lot Nio. 10i, on the west by lot No.
12, on the north bi y Church Street, oa
ilon the South Ity lot hilohingiig toorotal
by St. Josiph's College, together with
'all the buildings and improvemeuta
Also an undivided one-fourth intend
in and to t three certain lots of groundi
the toiwn of Grand Ecore, Parist -
Natchiticihes leinc nnnlumbered 38-39 -
40, each hlaving a front of seventy fee4
Scond'ti Street, and running back is.
Ildepth oline hlntirid andl sixty feet, hoea.
_ el north iiy Seconul Street, south by a
Alley. east by 1Rent Street, and wpst
lot No. 37, said lots Ieing so nunnib
on a plat of said Town of Grand Eur
l hmadle by Louis Pelle, on 27th day of 1,
183(1 Seized as the property 6' the D
e fiendant, Mrs. Eloise Arnand.
Terms of Sale.
CASH-without the benefit of ap.
praisement.
D. II. BOULLT, Ja..
Oct. 27.-tds, Sheri[
SHERIFF'S SALE.
John Genoe & Co., vs. L. VanSchoubroe,
Parish Court, Parish of Natchitoehe.
No. 1601.
t Y VIRTUE of a writ of Fi. Fa., l.
I ed in the above entitled and nuableP
eid suit :and to tle directed, I have lesli
and will offir for sale to the 'ast and hilf.
est hiddler at the Tan Yard ofL. ati
Sehoubrock in the parish of Natchitoche
4111
Saturday, the 10th day of oNv. 1877,
the following describedl property to wits
2 Cows and Calves.
30 Sides of Harness and Sole Leather,
15 Calf and Deer Skins.
7 Sheep Skills.
4 Goat Hides.
500 Sidles of Beef Hides. in process of
beiing tunned.
f Termns of Sale :
t CASH, with the benefit of apprairomot.
D. H. BOULLT, Jr.
Oct 27.tds Sheri.
NOTICE.
_Succession of Louis B. IRaekl De,'d'
rllEODORE RACHAL having appld
" to he appointed Aidmintitrator if
the snccess'oln of Louis B. lachal, a
tice is hereby given to all pem.asitur
csted cto show canuse within tea
Sfrom the publication hereof, why se
application should not be granted.
W. II TUNNARD.
r Nov. 3-2t. Club.
S SHERIFF'S SALE.
" Jean Conant, Administrator, et. ah. v.
II. O. Koques- Parish Court-No 94(3.
SJean Conaunt vse. H. O. Roque--Piaris
I Court-No 941
B Y VIRTUE of two writs of Fi. Fa.,ik
Sined in thie above entitled and am
Ihered suit and to me directed, I hs'
-seized and will offer for sale to the btol
and highest bidder at the doorof th'
court-house in the city and parih
11 Natchlitoches on
Saturday the 17th day of Nov. 1lf,
the following described property, to wi
e A certain tract of land sitnuated
Cane river, about 19 miles below i
city of Natchitoches, bounded above by
Slnds of N. P. Metoyer and below I,
lands of Terence Chaler coatainig .sirt
acres, more or less, together with ll tim
buildings and improvements theosil.
Terms of Sale.
SCASH-with the benefit of a r _ U
D. H. BOU JB.
SOct. 13-tds. herori.
NOTICE.
8L .-- ------- -- L-
f SALE OF PUBLIC FERRIES
The public are hereby notified tabt iS
aceordance with a resolution adoptedi
the October session of the Police Jury, I
will proceedl to sell, at public snctioi,at
the dloor of*tlie court-house,. between the
Shonurs of 12 m. and 2 p. m., on
SSaturday, the 1st day of December,' ?,
all the public ferries within said ?ii,
viz:
Monette's or 40 mile.
Cloutierville.
Twenty-four Mile.
Montgomery.
St. Maurice.
G unney's
Johnson's.
Grand Ecoroe,
i Camupte.
SJordan's.
Lake Villange or 3McDonald's Bldff.
Jomba Point.
Stumn & Dimuery's.
Said ferrries will be sold on the folloW'
ng terms and conditions, to wit:
To be sold for a term of three yeS'
The ptrchase price to be rceivable Li
any legal Parish warrants, as follows:
SOlne third of the purchase price paY
be on the day of sale. One third Pa t.e
1 5th day of November 1878, and one thi
on the 15thlday of November 1879. lbs
e tpurchaser to give bond as directed by Is
Any failure to carry out the tem
Ssale, w ill operate as a cancellation eI5
Sand the President of the Police JIf ~
authorizted to put np said Ferry on
Ist day of Decembler following, and
the same to the highest hliddet.
t In cae, anly Ferries are not sold t
I will be re-offered. at a time to be '
nr nounced on the day of sale.
WM. PAYNE,
No". 3-tds President P. Jnry.