JAS. II. CSigROVE * * Editor,
NATCI II'T'(OCTIES
s.1~.UtI)AY - - - June 24, I7S.
I Mq;tti?.... $6 . 1 5In OIS l00 Oi
. .qIare.... X 10 4(i 5 11 0; 21 If G 5 II W
4 S 1 e4... Wits (4 oil 0 ' :(l 00 35 00
. S uarea:... 17:1) 21 00 27 0 35 000 40 00
ti sIur".1... 7gI1t 1 0 :12 41 30 45 00
7 sqlsat'ei... 2IIOi 7 on21 s; I) 51 00 11 'i 100
SSlinsres... - 261) 31 00 41) 411 00 P1 0JO
II0 ,lynlreI... 3 00 35 00 I1 00 57 00;105 01)
1.3 gI:tar's... 4.1061 ;) 00 71 i0 Inn) 00 125 t10
I sqlrras... 6)01 )I 1 00 913 091125 00 150 1n
TraySient alvertiaen6infn I1.:5i0 pNr ,qnare of
gt llne.s frevir, tir t i.; Rl4i,:l. acIh sRubse.
qulent insertirn 75 cents iper sqiuare.
All ehanues in ldvertiisenlents to be
hcirged as It new.
Trrinsicilt advertisenmeltts must be paid
for in advatce.
All hills with regular advertisers ren
d,-ml quart4,rly.
One inch of solid brevier constitntes n
square.
MaIrriage alnd olbitulllr notices beyond
the simle,1 annulltitnc, nt, resolltlionls or
cards of tllanks, charged as advertise
Rates of Subscription.
One Onpy no yar .........................O..
On Copy six months...................... I 00
(Payable in lI1v.nce.)
Wbuý s rc v U grgf suy ear be maim.
W. W. SHARP & CO.,
]flBLtSHEBS' AGENTS,
No. 25 Park Row, New York,
Are authorized to contract for ad.
vertisitng in our paper.
I have assumed the control and
management of the Vindicator and
earnestly request the cordial support
of my friends and the Democratic
Conservatives citizens of the parish
and district.
The business management of the
paper is in my hands and all contracts
made since the resumption of the pa.
per will be carried out to the letter.
All monies due for job-work, adver
tising and subscription must be paid
to me. I am responsible for all ar-,l
tieles that appear in these columns as
editorials, and those who may feel
agrieved at their utterances will ap
ply to -me for redress.
J. H. CoGRnovw.
Before this issue reaches many
of our readers, the Democratic
Convention at St. Louis, will have
named the President of the United
States for the next four years af
ter Mareh next. -
S +,----w e*-- .- -
'There is a "dead man" in.North
Louisiana, and the cause of his
demise is singular. liHe was pos
sessed of a large (political) gun,
.frhich he proceeded to fire of ex
pecting to hit, something-the re.
sutil was a clean miss and the
kickklilled the shooter. Leonard,
of ' ado, is the defunct political
slportsman.
We had the pleasure of meeting our
friends Hon. J. Fisher Smith and
Judge W V. McNeely, of the banner
patibh of Sabine. They report the
peqple alive to the questions of the
lda and we may look for an incroeas
" ed.Delmnoratio vote from that old re
liable: stronghold. Gentlenien, we
greet you.
fnis.n tieform inside the party"
Is rather queer logic. We cannot
see how in the world the Radicals
of Natehitoches could "turn out
aillthe bad, men" without break.
InA up the party root and branch.
W'atis+ radicalism in Natdhito
eli i+rithout Blunt, Boulit, RBaby,
.eiwls, riB,wa's, Van Dusen and
Ani . T; otlingl They are
the party, and we would like to
%e( .boy re/ore. that crowd
ifthont annihilating it.
Our people ci ei the folly of
~qsing good, honest govern
ts.omt ro ba Rt epublican party,
b ; ` ug . le s i l'of lnen
that fll, or at least are attempt
fiEJAll; tbhe leoulofees. h Hayes
a r~Wi t, meansa the rule of
the sun 'elMs of men who, have
bit o thi e . t to the .verge
iof nr ý l'de ads reform fehotuld
Thi1 place Q1 Zta f1uer Ceaso
wst and;e~ arvatlv in the pakrla
1 tejrio sta It for the
*R:; P 0~ ~ oral of.
~i1- ~tvHmde S I.
.,WI~~WtI~re eirohte~d tem
A Plea for the Vigilants.
We cannot refrain from expressing
in unmeasured terms our indignation,
as well as that of our whole people,
at the codctiit of certain parties in;
bribing and intimidating the mem
hers of the Grand Jury of our parish,
just adjourned.
The slalneful and criminal con
duct of Shedrick Brown, and the fact
of his being fined by Judge Chaplin
for contemnt of the Foreman of the
Grand Jury, we mentioned in our
last, since which we have learned
more of the devious tricks of this
fellow in connection with outside
parties, prominent among whom was
Carroll Jones, of the eleventh ward.
A bar-room, usually resorted to by
colored men, near the Court-house
was chartered by this Jones,( colored)
and drinks were free to such Grand
Jnrymen as choose to imbibe; while
they were thus liquidizing, Jones'
leggers were busily engaged in intimi
dating, pumping or bribing them.
Two of Carrol tjonesn family, his son
and son-in-law, had been indicted for
peijury, (and the etidence against them
was oterihelmin'g.) in the case tried
some months since ofJones vs. Henry;
the net ddy after the finding and
before the bill could be drafted and
properly signed, and after at night'~
drank on Jones' whisky, with no doubt
some bribing, a reconsideration of the
bill was had, and without the addi
tion of a single particle of defensive
testimony, or any at all in fact, seven
of the members were fmond to rote
against it, thus killing it. Who will
dare deny that influences had not
been at work upon these men; the
result shows that bribes were used, and
the highest officer of the Court is
morally certain of the fact-still he
einnot prove it; and should he, if
such conduct is allowed with the Pet
tit Jurors as was exhibited last week,
the men would be acquitted.
Every Radical politician in the
parish has been on hand working like
beavers to secure the acquittal of
negro criminals. Toni. Boullt, the
chief Deputy Sheriff, declared to a
citizen worthy of credit, that -no negro
should be convicted. White members
of the Petit Jury have informed us
that upon retiring to find verdicts, the
negroes upon the Jury have said open
ly and emphatically, they had come
upon the Jury determined to acquit the
negroes charged with stealing.
This is appalling, and what in the
name of the law are our citizens go
ing to do about it ? They are certain
of these facts; they know that it is
impossible to convict a notorious
criminal even; the Courts are farces,
their money is being spent in a sham,
crime controls, and criminals run riot
in our midst.
We are in a state of anarchy ; we
want Vjigilance (Contmmittees to restore
late, we must have them, or things
will go from bad to worse.
Laws are not made to cumber Stat
ate books, nor to be mused over, but
by vigorous enforcement are intended
to protect society against the vi
cious and criminal ; if the law fails'
of that, society- must protect it.
self tr desolation will result. We
have no law to protect us; printed
pages and volumes of annunals cannoat
save us; when technical quibbles fall,
negro packed juries will nntralize
every article in the Code. Books do
well for ikwyers, but society will de
mand, aye enforce the protecting gis
of the spirit of criminal legislation.
*The cases of Brown and the Granm
Jury, of bribery by Carrol Jones, are
not the only instances to thwart jus
tieb atntempted at this term of the
Court. Thie refound indietments to
replace those stolen from the Clerks
oflice against Myers and Van Dusen,
were attempted to be reconsidered,
and Jidge Ciiaplin saved them from
the same fate as the Neal and Jones
indictments.
In.the indictment-stealing case, the
Court house people all firmly believe
that Tom. Boulit was the indictment
thief, and he is the chief Deputy Sherif
of the Court.
This ik ertailly a beautiful condi.
tion of affairs, and calls for prompt
and vigorous righting. Ufnless some
thing is done and that immediately,
hleves and mnrderers will take entire
charge of the parish.
Let citizens go into -dhs bensteas
calmly and quietly, letthem put their
best men in elarge, make no idle.
tihreats or violent demonstrations, but
sustain law and order with vigor and
determination, andm re will record
happy" results within six months.
alltiod nmen will join such organi
satiops, all good men will assist:per
somilly and morally, and we can have
gthe satisfafction of the souiport of. good
people overywhere, •
Let every reader of the Vild/astor
constitute himself an agent and send
as in a list of names with tis tOLLAR
each as the subscriptiou priee of the
paper for.the restoft the year.
The VINDICATORj the' Iveliest
reid-hot DeItocratlc paper it North
Ltoaisthi," Oshly Oiie Dollar for'.the
balance of the Centennial year.
A~eilt gtaI rIaaiedramr l, .rain
--Modar Cre Is ad thers by
~ M.
TOWN AND COUNTRY.
Spanish Lake farms want rain.
Our days are warm and nights cool,
That's bad.
Courts closes to day we hope. Three
weeks work and nix the result.
tJ. F. T. meet at their hall, corner
Front, Washington and Lafayette
streets, on the first Monday of every
month at 7j o'clock i'. t.
Young men's political club meet
evey Saturday at the Temperance
Hall at 71 o'clock P. 3t.
From every quarter comes cheering
news of the coaN Citor. More has
been planted and it has been cultiva
ted better thail ever before. We
hope the cry of breoad will be heard
no more iii tli4and.
Let those gentlemen who desire
and are fitted for official position in
in our parish come forward and an
nounce their names. Let those who
have friends that they think avail
able do the same. The people want
to know who are out so they can
choose the best ; they don't admire
this silence. Come out and show
your light, eandidales !
Our city i witlhouit a government
and we miss it-not. The hiatus
has convinced the people that our
town is old enough to take care of
itself.
The bondsmen for Redmond have
responded and paid up his stealage.
The radicals are now purified and can
point with pride (I) to one thief who
has settled up-some other country.
Dr. J. A Derbanne our old time
friend has returned after an absence
of several months in St. Landry and
other Southern parishes. Dr. Der
banne reports everything lovely and
the goose allit udinum
Vegetables, poultry and country
produce generally are plentiful but
not in such quantities as to overstock
the market.
Our friends in the town and coun
try must hear in mind that the suhi
scription price of the VINDICATOR
is only osN DOLLAR for the campaign.
Let every reader subscribe and con
stItute himself, herself or themselves
a committee to get other to do like
wise.
Had our farmers, merchants and
mechanics attended to our public con
cerna, the country would not now be
suffering from the vultures who prey
upon its industrial interests.--E.
That is certainly true, and now is
the time for them to do it or forever
hold their peace.
Thie old Eleventh Ward organized
a Democratic Club hIt Saturday. Sihe
is in for work this time and intends to
rout the enemy, Cavalry Breda to the
contrary, notwithstanding.
Let all the Ward Clubs as they or
ganize send us an account of their
proceedings for publication.
Mlabie's Circus Ihas come and gone
and we venture to say that a bigger
hIlumbug never travelled. Thile trapeze
performance of the female actodr was
the only redeeminigr act of the dreary
exhibitiou. The dull monotony of
the "London exhibition" was only
broken by the sharp cry of the candy
butcher and time lemonade fiend; a
large andeance attended and every
man, woman and child was thoroughly
disgusted. We protest, nto the name of
a thoasand people who lost a dollar
each against tlhese travlling frauds
that perambulate the South simply
to rob the people. The melnagerie
was the most sickening exhibition of
poor lions and an invalid, pnny eleo
phlant, it has been oar misfortune to
see. This elephant was a faint pro
lie of whlat tie radical party is now,
and will be after the elections, d--d
poor excuse, for skin and bones."
"Maybyn Mabie will eomehere hganto,
If le does we are.sure no one will go
to see him.
W. B. Carr, Esq., was elected Pres.
ident and J. Alfonse Prudhomnie and
N. P. Metoyer first and second Vice
Presidents of Eleventh WiVdd No i;
A good electioonand i~ns work adlid:
vittory. It is tile iontaeton to organ
ize three or pirliaps four elubs in this
Ward;it is large nnd the desire is.
to accommodate all neighbodthOods.
Messrs. Wheeler, Cunningham ,and
Capt. Hynes will please to respond,
they are Trojans and wne want to hear
their alogan 1
The aolorEd iiien p tlie ninth ward
responded to. the ;luhnt. part lastt
week by staying ati1omew. .o more
robbery for tlhem. If all the colored
people would stfody theei intbrests as
these maen do, the "ganft awohld
"gang away" and that Wrould be a
bleasing all would be thankful for.
The editci has ghne to Grkpp's
Bliaff to attend the organization of
their clui and a mass ;meeting of it
cideens. The "old thifd'is alive ad
dolog." Seiher down for 100 Dlemno
(frpjs ~rw lok-Qin whi. .e
Cotton blooms were numerous on
the 7th of June on ninny plantations.
The cultivation of oats and grasses,
have commanded much attention this
year and we see exhibited for sale in
numerous stores what we have not
seen since the war, and that is scythe
cradles. If the farmers and attentive
laboring men who desire to make
their own meat will depend upon the
vigilance committees of their neigh
borhoods for the correction of the
evil of stock stealing and killing and
keep away from the court-house with
the thieves, they will kill two birds
with one stone, stop the stealing and
save themselves hundreds of dollars
in useless taxation to suppress crime.
Try it farmers and laborers for a
change!
------=-g m-~- --
The Sub-organ said that Mr. (1)
Van DUzen would step up to the court
with that copy of his indictment. The
court and the country are listening
for his step.
The river rises and then it falls and
risa.-wersa, As it now looks we will
have good navigation for some time
-but what's the use, there is nothing
to ship.
If this weather continues much
longer we fear t trmu h sickness will
be Uie bora seicgSencS
The young men's political club con
tinues to meet at their hall every Sat
urday night. They are doing good
work, but we think that speaking
against the formation of a brass band
was rather far fetched. We always
like reasons, but cannot for the life of
us see what objection there can be to
nmusic luring a political campaign.
The Norvhich Balletin has discov.
ered a man who has been lying on
one side for nine years-lie's a crip
ple-that's a danmerous rival to the
editor of the hand-organ-but lie is
unknown.
Democratsmnhut not fail to take the
Vindicator. Sustain your organ and
you ' sustain. the cause. Subscription
price only oie dollar for the campaign.
Thanks to Hion. A. S. lewett, M.
C., of Nev York, for public docu
ments.
The man who canvasses for adver
tisements t be printed on rags to
wrap up are fingers is expected inl
town in afew.days. Our enterprising
merchants and mechanics will prob
ably patonize him extensively and
then womer why people all go to New
Orleans t4 buy dry goods, clothing,
wagons, tows, &e.
The Raicatls of this parish filled
the Repub&lan, the "hand-organ" of
the party * this place, a week or two
since witlbitter and personal denials
of the chargs made in these columns
rand the reposts published in regard
to the speeches at their "tist gun"
meeting.
We expectel as much, as the e.ieet
intended, to ihflame the mind of the
negro, was hal and flatdenials were
in order. he negro has been led as
far as desi d by those appeals and
now it bel res the appealors to "take
it back" to be whites when charged
with ince larism.
What a said in these columns
about this eeting and about those
speeches tree and we reiterate it.
If any per a so charged desires proof
of whatw y let him call at this of
fiee and It ill be fortheoming. Our
informents re truthful honest geotle
men who a erstand the English lan
guage, oan mteir simple word is worth
more tha the combined oaths of
every perjd radieal in the palsh,
J . G. e appears in a card and
seems mu offended; we desire toe
say to hii at his insolent swagger
will not tolerated by uas in tihe
least. ThI litoer of this paper hia
given hi through these columns, 1
that to u retand-before this. He1
is an in t, blatant negro black.
guard and hlie does not keep his
place he be made to do so, and
in the pro nod usual manner for
his class.
The trot f the matter is, the cift
izens of th palb are sick and tired
of B)lunt, lt, Lewis, Raby, and
that class thievirog Ignorant sses.
that the rial interest of the eon
try·viwk submit to their ra in
future and beomes them to step t
downimad .
Thisrefl nce to radical platform *
and radica omises amounts to noth- ,
ing; the aof thek me sstand as a i
living reft Ion of all these promises. r
Theliy har even a respectable col. a
ored ~upp pRd not one honest r~. a
pesfable  a sn ia the parish is a
memaber. o party. That Is their a
status and y must kbide by it. t
is said tha r every disease that ef- a
feet suffe humanity, nature has a
rovided edy, and all that man
has toeo o discover these remoe.
dial agen ad apply themn to their I
appropr ilmeants. These are c
meeotly fo in tihe veerable king- e
dota, nd , brku, herbe, grains, !,
anad lie pre ad hann - Ia
gree tis r ie lreetiv th ris en
bya easn. The seleb d t,
Dr. i theI Seven Seals or
n Reformers Compromise with
s. Rascals.
s' The nominations made at Cincin
s natti upoil Wednesday last, by the
n Republicans, takes with surprise but
few men even of their own party.
1e "They have been and gone. and done
it"-is nearly all that can be said.
Now that the suspense is over,, now
that the man is mast-headed, we all
feel easier, at least the Democrats do,
for to our mind no one is so easy of
h defeat as fl. 1. Hayes, of Ohio.
is We do not make this statement
without good and sufficient reasons,
and we are convinced that our read
ers will agree with as when they
hear them stated.
The Radical party after eight years
of a systematic plunder of the conn
1) try, stands exposed before the Ameri
rt can people, by a Democratic House,
ie and covered with infamy and crime.
ig Investigation has touched but one man
so far, who has not, to use the lan
d gunage of Mr. Knott, squirmed.
ill Sehneck, Belknap, Babcock, Robeson,
Williams, Blaine and a hundred other
hitherto leading Radical politicians
and officials, have been investigated
and found guilty; and in tracing out
b the charges of crime against these
ill men the most appalling evidence has
been unearthed of the wide-spread
corruption of the Administration par
t ty--corruption such as has nevel be
fore existed in any country under the
sun.
g There Is not one honest leading
SRepublican out of oEice who does not
to day admit these charges to be
true, and the only defence which they
can assume is, that the "party will
purify itself," that the bad men must
r- be put out and good men put in. We
in do not stop to answer this childish,
,- silly airgnment, for we know that the
e American mind is fully made up to
is the fact that annihilation is the proper
and only mode of purifying the Re
publican party. Amid all this array
of foul, crime-stained men, stood but
one, unharmed by the shafts of truth
ful honest investigation that has fill.
ed the air and struck with moral
death the leaders of the Radical par
ty-and that one has a record of
reform and is an hontest, upright,
able man. This is Bristow, the
man whose real strength was but
a twenty-one votes as shown by the final
ii and last ballot. In other words the
g Radical leaders, save the twenty-one,
- had not the nerve to nominate a
d known reformer and one who had a
wv record; they preferred, as they did,
, to compromise with the ringsters and
corrupt men of the party, and nomi
nate a man whom, it is true nothing
can be said against, but nothing can
be scid ii his favor.
0 Hayes, to our mind, is weaker than
Blaine, and so decidedly so to Bris
tow, that there can be no conipari
Sson. lHis namte will not create an
enthlusiasm in the ranks of the Fede
ral officils, for they will distrust his
t intention to favor their peculiar palt
0 riotism, to fatten from theim public crib
e while the people starve; and the hon.
* est men of thie Republican party will
I not be as zealous for his election as
e they would have beeu with Bristow,
I from the fact that they are not at all
assured that he is a reformier.
A few years since, promises and
Splatforms were all that men required
to assure political preferment, provi
' ded they were of the loyal party
now, the change Is marked, Somne
r thlng more than mere paper or lip
- declarations is required; the aetuat
flet demnestrater! by dieion of being
a reformer is demanded, and nothing
r short of it will satisfy those who have
at heart the good of the government
I of America. Hayes is not of that class
--he ie the wn~ltwn in the field of
corruption, and doubt will exist in
the publie mind of his ability or pur
I pose to root it out, hence be can be
but as the iceberg, pnre to look at,
but cold to handle; that doubt will
defeat him.
Since receiving the files of oar city
exchanges, we have bad no cause to I
change our opianion -pregarding Hayes'
nomination. He is not a strong man I
as they would say, and the faeet of lisI a
osesination by the Oraut Addmistira- I
tion meo is proof rpaitive of his weak. a
ir) ,it mems i defensive campaign
on their part, because the platform is
weak from a cause, and that cause is a
the Invitation to review the past acts
upon currency, publio improvements
and reform of the Republiean party,
which acts will not bear scrutiny. It
Is a reform campaign in other words,
with all the PLATFORM, ACTS and
MEN on the Democratic side, and
only pledges and lip promise by the
very men who have been instrumen
tal in imnpoerishing and plundering
the country, on the other.
Wheeler.is said by the Bdletin,
and it is hardly good authority, to be
an average man; he is far from it even
in the present House. He is a third
rate. man in any Assembly; be- t
cause he adjiusted this State, it is no e
evidence of any thing save shrewd. a
ness; and that is certainly not the Q
ability we want. Hayes cannot rose
enthusiasm, for he has no record
to effect it, his strength' Is negattive
and that will net win ionpolities.
For years the Republican party has
sueceeded through, sheesr aggreesion
ato e; it now assumes the defsipee
Upon the blackeet, amost damning - p
cordof nay political party that has
et E i& i tl'outry-gabhnp.
ith dons its strong and only points of ap
peal, and those are, "the rebellion not
yet overt, and the bloody-shirt"-and
i it will be overwhelmingly defeated.
hlie
but "Like a cat fight that gives birth to
ty. more cats," are our New Orleans
ine Democratic-Conservative friends net
Lid. ing. The contest for command of
ow ward organizations goes on hot and
all heavy; already two men have been
do, killed In one ward in the squabble for
of minor positions, and it seems that
death, violent and suddlen, await
ent many more before the end is reached.
as, Such conduct is simply disgraceful,
ad- and places the country people, who
Sey desire to lash up the shoit-sighted
element in New Orleans who seem
ars to want an indepeldent party, in doubt
in- as to which faction deserves condem
-ri- nation the most.
se, With proper management in tihe
ne. city; a fall registration, a perfect,
an compact and enthusiastic organiza
In- tion, a majority of 20,000 for New
,- Orleans can be secured with ease.
an, This will give us the State by full
her forty thousand; a majority entirely
ins too large to admit of the tampering
ted of the Returning Board. Bat to se
nt cure this the elements now at work
ese must subside-the faction fights must
has cease, the merchants moust stop whin
sad ing and go into the content heart and
ar- soul, go in to control bad men, to
lbe. slahe the canvass properly and secure
the the nomination of a good ticket.
Nothing is more disheartning, more
ing disgusting than to hear people talk
not of politicianstontrolling every3 thling
be and at the same time to see these men
iey standing back with thumb in mouth
rill allowing them to do so. If pure men
sst desert the primaries, impure, men will
se control them-if politicians run ward
sh, elections for delegates, Corventions
the will be packed by politicians and
to demagogues will grace (9) the ticket
per with their names. Tell us the char
g. actor of the men nominated on any
tv ticket and we will tell you who con
set trolled the plinmaries. The out-come
th- is but the reflex of the start-if w~
ill- shape political matters properly, if
ral the best men register, work and vote
ir- in the primaries-the best of the best
of men will represent them in Conven
ht, tions and upon their tickets-success
:he follows only in the turning out of the
iit respectable classes, for any other sne
eal cess would be but a change of mas
he ters, and we sincerely hope that the
me, good citizens of New Orleans will
a heed this in time.
la The country parishes are a snit;
id, they stand organised and ready for
nd action. There is no wavering in their
ni line, but they are alert and determin
ag ed ; cannot our city brethren be like
an wise t
Fourth Ward it Line.
is. Prasuant to notice, the voters of
ri- the lower part of ward 4, met and or
an ganized a large and enthusiastic
lo- Democratic Club. Tie following are
is the officers:
It- Joseph Henry, President.
rib Jas. H. Hill, 1st Vice President.
n- H. P. Gallien, 2d Vice President.
ill A. H. Pierson, Secretary.
as E. V. Debleuxba Treasurer.
w, Piftl-two enrolled as members at
ill this, their Arnt meeting, and the col
ored citisens are coming to the front
ad int large numbers. This Club is call-.
ed ed the 4th Ward Democratic and
ri- Conservative Club No. 2.
e The mystery of the Twitchel affair,
ip of which so mach has been said lad
at written, of which so much politieal
ag capital was to have been made by anso
ag ephibition of the masimed man on the
re hustings in the North, has been fuldly
nt explained to theim Committee of the
s House of Rlepresentatives now sittlng
of in New Orleans.
in The poure (?t) much abased Senator
r- has been proven, not only to be a
s thief, but, as IMr. Woodbara, thie Re
t, publican member has it, the "coldest
II blooded villain unhaung." The apex
of all the sins of this man, and they
are mountain high, is the aedmtioe
y of.a Iadcy who was under his protee
, tion, under a promise of marriage
s' and the brother of the girl shot him
n like a man. This is the whole "affair,"
is and Mr (I) Twitchel and his Radical
- friends can make the most of it as
. a campaign honor.
SNoticeable at the Cieinonatti lRadi
cal Convention, was the fiat failure of 1
Logan to enthuose the "crowd" with a 9
Sbloody-slhirt speech. He denounced I
Sthe 'Confederate House," but his j
words fell upon cold hearts. But
when another speaker said that the
Scountry demanded these investiga
tions at the expense of whatsoever
party in power, that this cry of re.
e bellion was bosh, his utterances were
received with enthusiastic cheers.
SButler, Blaine, Babcock and Belkuap,
have gone before, Morton, Logan and I
the New Orleans lTieves own, can fol- .
low in the same hearse. a
We are furnishing the Visdiae -
- tor at a price that does not pay,
'consequently we can take no sub.
-scriptious except they be paid it
*advaiwe. All those who receive
Sthe paper with an X marked
I thereon, will please remit subacrip- 8
Stion at once, or the paper will be
stopped.
Ask your neighbor to send a dollar "
Sand get the YlueclAoa for the cam.
8tbucribe to the Vindicator,
I A Few Hints to Gt ýroblers.
n it is the ilit of every D trorialie
d. Conse'rvative vo.ter to Iutici~py.
othe ini lon~ of IPar
to ty, to register his iiame pioin the elub
ups poll book of his ward and aelirdl
et- attend its. meetings.
of It is the rilhlt anrl duty of e
nd citizen to do all in Mis lover toe
en that none but wol(thy and compe~tei
for Ime are nominated for otlice.
ait No one has a right to eonaplain i
sit bad men are nominated and ele~"l
d. if le has not done anil in his power to
ul, prevent such a ealatnity. It will
lao do for Imln to idly sit by and lg
ed politicians and those interested i tha
Pm pecuniary part of the offices to 6 tp
Ibt nominationns, and then'Iodlat nminl
o- of the men for whom they must ve
Every mith ho Intends voytiu
he the Detnoeratic-Conservative ticket
et, should come forward and asist it
cm- naming saitable standard-bearenrs
Sw the parts.
R" It is easier by taking an active pa
nill now in politics to prevent abm1
'lY than hereafter attempt to core tles,
zig Give the party a good ticket and it
se- will run itself.
ark Let the citizens of every neighbt
nit hood meet together and select guI
n- Presidents and officers for their dnml
nd re i who wall work for theirgod, thl
to can devote more time tothir kulL
ire ness when they pat their pelittis
et. safe hands.
ire As the hard working season isvs
Ilk near over we hope to see in slh
"g weeks all in solid ranks moving fai
en ward to that victory which a atia
th exertion will certainly seepre.
en - 4
'ill Rlford Blunt, the negro Se aW
rd from this District left town on Twa
,lls day last for the Convention of Wgi.
ed cal bunmers, which assembles in Na
let Orleans on the 27th inst., to aoibd
ar- HI. C. Warmouth as candidate 'f
by reform (?) Governor of this Sthg
in- There is nothing remarkable lan s
nc deparature of this fellow, nor wi
w there be until he departs for goal
if and all, but the war-like apperaume
to of this would-be leader, leads r to
est say that he is putting on entirely be
n. much artilery for the oeeasion. Ie
ss rode to Grand Ecore escorted bhyfe
he or five guards, who by the way hae
le. stood watch and ward over Me a
is. nights for the past two months,armd
he with naumerou~ revolvers. Bluastel
ill a clansman rode in advance with
Winchester riile in hand, ready gk
rt; the appearance of the--"goggled.eyu
for unknown," we suppose. We ptel
sir that this is rather going too far with
in. a very stale joke. No one intends t
e- kill Blunt, if . he was celtain of Ist
fact himself, his craven hide weall
not eontain his cowardly sIro, ald ik
armed wilh fsty time f l forty sily
of poUnders, lie would never slam his
ar- face in the parish. Thi WViWs"eitte
ic title display is all a luff-badly play
re ed, and we beg that it be stopped
war is "two-handed,"and Blat- sa
only suffer ly inviting it. The kt
It. thing lhe can do is to retotn lf 1
jt. flock and continue his convers iols
souls, for if he contionues this display
some one will go hlim a WVinachest
at better.
On Monday our collector will dl
upII opn all parties within the city vwi
owe for subscription to tis pepr.
The amoant due by eaec is sail sal
we want every ale to settle up.
promptly.
Fr, -w
ad The hand-organ has for mounti.
iI been saying that the "haill peopib1
i were "not to be led by a few :
Ssigning men;" that people -w~i
tired of "this extreme in polities
&e. We submit that the Oruil
has no authority for such stath.
r menta. It has no "hillN" cired
a tion, and does not relpresut'aI
a- single person, either in the bl1
at or other portions of the par.
SIThe Organ is sustained by t :
y Prilatiag monopoly, has a fii
Scirculation of perhaps one ii',
Sdred, (we judge this tfee*P
Samount of its postage billlIT
nweek) and would not be z
I ten men in the parish ff they 1imqw
Snot forced to do so.
The '"hill men'" ar not ,ig
be represented by a sheet tia - i
' daily plundering them of i :
I right to do teiereotS udeerthdy i,
I their emt a ay a sheet that3 -"*
s resents a gang of sconndrels i"
robbed the citizens in taxes attle
Srate of eight per cent per m i' l
and are now doing itat 3pt sent
San amount higher tban Is pil M '
any County, outuide this Stalts
the Union; an smount whldc l
"Hill people" forced the OfI':
Ipeopls to, with "shot-sguns .
.has said, when abusing -til
same "Hill people." All tdii
that the "Hill people'" have d
fered in the past have been albS"
ated by their o.r ceartions ag#@
the Org biea s t#erest riu, e nd t
attempt to claim to representtfl l
is simply an insult to the inte'
genee of the great majority oi i
white men of this paerish. 1
the hand-olrP speakforitrec
the People will speak for tbWes
selves.
1A A f(el sepply of Job materialiust.W
ceived, and painting of all de56U!n
exenuned with netuoem and dispt0tat
this otfci e.