f topO' lindffcrm.
OFFICIAL
Paper ofthe Parish and CityofNatchitoches
JAS. H. COSGROVE, • . - Editor.
SATURDAY, - - - MAY 18, I~78.
"Tray, Blanche and Sweetheart." can
tall
When man, individually becomes lizE
subservient, his character is abhorred am
by all that is virtuous, but when a for,
Press, supposed to be-and very pro- r
perly-the free exponent of popular doi
sentiment, tamely submits to, acqui- c
eses in, or defends that which it er
knows to te wrong in principle, a pat
most deplorable condition of affairs me
can be said to exist. are
The true power of the press lies in ica
its independence, while perhaps its me
pecuniary advantages are the other an
way. Since the foundation of the ma
VINDICATOR it has been the earnest km
and outspoken advocate of Demo- be
cratic principles'; principles which re- shc
quire independence of thought and ac- vot
tion to successfully champion. These 1
fundamental faiths reside not in men mo
-they are eternal, and when we see Co,
our efforts ansailsld y jouZuale, uu- rra
worthy the name, we lose hope, exi
almost, in our cause.
Because the VINDICATOR saw fit to fro
criticise the action of the Supreme sal
Court in the matter of Tom Ander- for
son-because we were outspoken th
against the treason of Democrats in tai
the General Assembly to Democratic po
principles and pledges, we have been rig
attacked by every weak, cowardly and tic
pusilanimous penny-a-liner within po
the borders of our Commonwealth. tir
Power has always had its courtiers. the
Even the rude Kings of African hordes at
are surrounded by subservient and w(
applauding minions. The defender ar<
of baseness; of treason, has his ex- or
cuse in the nature of man, and his tl
example in history. The satellites of of
power that defended Jefferies had tl
their example from those who ap m
plauded Trisilian. A powerful, un- pa
answered and unanswerable writer rin
very justly said, "Some men are wil- ez
"ling to take law upon trust. They 1
"rely upon the authority of the Chief m
"Justice, because they are too indo- es
"lent to search for information; or, ti
"conceiving that there is some mys
"tery in the laws of their country, te
"which lawyers are only qualified to at
"explain, they distrust their judg- w
"ment, and renounce the right of w
"thinking for themselves. th
Were these men in the majority, it re
would be an unhappy hour for man
kind, and had their authority been as er
vast as their assumed erudition, liber- qi
ty had never been born, or been stran- ac
gled in its cradle. m
Liberty lies in free speech, and re
those who denounce the criticism of
public men are either unwittingly or
purposely the tools of power. When
this acquiesence, which is demanded W
of as, becomes the rule, we will have
reached the grave of freedom and
mounted the crown of infamy.
Courts and learned jurists haveb
ever been the easy tools of tyrants.
During every hour of Louisiana's
Iony-and her eight years of Radi
eslism is without parallel-her task- a
masters could rely for defenders from i
among the foremost members of her
bar, while "Ludeling's Court" will
live in infamy, nichbed as high as the a
Star Chamber of Charles I. To an
Executive, clothed with the power of
an anutoerat; ruiding under a centrali- d
sinag and centralized Constitution, as p
we have in our State, tgislatures will f
always be subservient; the General ,
Assembly of 1877-78, were treache
roos to the people because the Execu
tive was clothed with more power ft
than the people. f
We firmly believe with that philo- n
sophio statesman, Edmund Burke, ti
that nature cannot be so changed but P
that public liberty will be among us, a
as among our ancestors, obnoxious to
some person or persons; that oppor- I
tonities will be furnished, and sought 5
for, to attempt some alteration to the a
prejudice of our inherent rights. t
"For ambition," says this wonderful
man, "though it has ever the same
general views, has not at all times 0
the same means nor the same particu- t
lar objects." Radicalism bas left the
slime of its teaching on the bosom of i
our people, and we see evidences all 5
arenad us that centralism is deeper I
meated than we will adinit, andthat '
power has votaries more numerous
than we will allow. .
However that may be-and truth it
is-the VINDICATOR proPoseas to fl- i
l its mission unawed by the frowns '
of ittle greatnsms, and unterrified by
the whelps of "Tray, Blanche andd
Sweetheart." We are for full rights I
to the people, for liberty in the truei
semnm of the word; we are a wor- i
shiper ofpriCipfe, and such being the
faith within us the assanlts of sub
servients are like the idle wind.
CettIsa Reselpta.
Received previously, (184 bales.
" during the week 12 "
Total 610
from the Dwoarvt, are patting em
their amor for the fray.
WHY
The Amendments Should be Defeated. 8S
Dec
The abortive efforts of the legislature CU
of 1878, in the shape of Constitutional wl
amendments, have few if any defon- tiga
ders. It seems their advocacy is left o
to a few implacable of fossils who have the
rioted beyond their day and genera
tion and are a terror to all people be- he I
cause of their interminable, idiotic ob
talk. Public sentiment has crysta- he,
lized in democratic quarters on the thik
amendments, and their defeat is a cral
foregone conclusion. itie
Nor is it proposed to vote them tab
down simply without cause. viti
Something in their nature lies deep- ed
er than the surface. That they are in 1
patchwork upon an infamous gar-. of
ment, every one admits. That they cap
are the Lirth of a combination of rad- wil
icals, thieves monopolists and weak tod
men, no one denies. That they are cou
an insolent answer to the just do- Ha:
mands of an outraged people all ac- war
knoweldge. But there is something he I
beyond them which demands that we ori
should promptly and emphatically cob
vote them down. tie
We said a foe weeks since and }{ a
most emphatically, that the present and
Constitution of Louisiana was a e- offl,
trazc;a organic law. We repeat that Del
expression with renewed emphasis. 1
The people, it's true, suffer in purse the
from the many officials and their.high wit
salaries which it orders, but they suf- Do
for more in principle from the fact Pe'
that that infamous instrument cur- Vu
tails, restricts and strikes down their ma
power. It invades their inherent oui
rights and rudely grasps their liber- PDI
ties. The executive exercises the
power of autocrat, while the legisla- Pb
tive branch of the government usurps
the remainder of the people's rights pu
at will and unrestrained. Perhaps it
i would be well to say here, that we
r are not attacking Governor Nicholls er
or the Assembly of 1878, and we say cy
B this for the benefit of a large margin dm4
f of implacable asses who don't know
I the principles of their own govern- to
ment, and yet pretend to edit news
- papers. We are now speaking of the
r rights of a people and the powers of de
executive.
y Ale there any words in these amend
f ments which strikes at this, the great
. est evil which the bayonet Constitu- ne
tion inflicts ? Not one! to
Here then is the greatest, most po- by
tent reason wnv we should defeat the ac
o amendments. A people are not al- gr
ways right, but we are one of those
,f who believe that they will rectify 8o
their errors, while rulers will never try
retrace. A great writer has said : -
When the people do wrong it is their sh
error and not their crime, and it is ty
quite different with rulers. They
act ill as much from design as by
mistake, to them therefore, we had m
rather not trust. th
All power, not incompatible with er
r public safety and individual protection, ot
should be lodged where it belongs-- or
d with the people. No legislature ci
should legislate away the liberties of re
a people as can be done under our fl
present constitution. Vide "Return- ti
ing Board law." Noexecutive should pm
'be allowed, by an immense patron- st
age, in the way of high salaried of- vy
Sficers, to build his personal power al
over that of his masters. These pi
Samendments restrict not the one nor i
acurtail the other, and with a patch- I
Swork, a thing of shreds, we are left ti
still at the mercy of man's ambition 0
e and man's cupidity. k
n The PEOPLE understand the evil p
'' d they know the remedy. It is in
Sdefeating all compromises with their it
Sprinciples, and in forcing their rights v
ll frorp the hands of those who now is
Sretain them under the forms of law. al
- What's in a man never shines or i
r fades except when he stands face to i
face with an issue. Smooth sailing- b
Sno wind-all calm, never brings outh
the slaunchness of a ship. A news
at paper is like the man and ship. With
a war in Europe and a good pair of
to scissors, it's clean work, and no effort.
SPat that paper before the breach and C
t seven in ten it limps like a rag. Just s
Sat present we are having a rush of a
Sthese papers hunting the rear. An q
iwue comes in the shape of the ene- 4
Smy on one side and the clamor of an
soutraged people on the other, and
. they are sick.
ie For seventeen months they have i
[ banged with the staffed clubs, at every
ll small head in sight-generally some t
, poor radical witboot friends and al
a readychinned to death. They talked
u "Constitutional Convention"and froth
ed against thie legislature until-their
it "honorables" returned home, then I
l- they "reacted," while now they
n whine, "that if we attempt a vigorous
by canvas on principles specificoally en
Id nciated; if we move on aggressively
a to the falfillment of the pledgee made
a. to the people, it will "cause a split
o. In the'party." Then, in God's name,
ja let the party split, In that event the
a weak and dishonest elements,"for
whose sins of omission and commie
sion we are held responsible, will be
rid of, and we can redeem those
pledges or fail in the attempt with
105 all the virtue of the State at our
backs.
It.gives as pleasure; to state tha
INatchitoclhes parish is politicalli
'ipid. WthesdrvittaSion elsewhere
n '~ther-tlte is lab~.. All are united
0 for an aggressive canv as'nd a Con
stltetiant d Convention.
A Sorry Diletnuna.
Senator Cockrell, of Mi,.,'iuri. ,"of dh,
Democratic Congressional (C lpilitn
(conlli it te , is reported as havii ~ ,:i, . Is
when thle q1,sti't ofll tthe F'lorida invll\ - -
tigiatioln wals nlliider disenssion. tlhat. "therel l
are nIot two Democrats in to-n who desih,.re
fo get Tilden in the Whihte House. What,.
then, v ill an inivestigation iaccOlplislh
If all inveswhtgationl is solemhnly ordelr,,l I
by the lHouse of Representatives, it lnlit C
he for all object more than the mtre fact frie
of makinig camnpaign capital. It must it i n
be for a result, and that result can only a
be, if the Florida fraud is proved. tihe
taking of someII steps to get Hayes ouit of t d
the White House. Now, if the Delnlo
cratic party enters into the matter at all, this
it must he with a purpose to overturn Jesu
the results of the fraud, if fraud be es- the I
tablished. It must, if fraud is proved, er ct
vitiate that which has been accolnplish- die 1
ed by it, and the inevitable end would be worl
a movement to disturb President Ifayes
in his seat." IHe next analyzed the effect
of such a movement in the way of party 6C
capital. 114 thought that if thile ives
tigation is entered into the Republicans I110
will take advantage of such proceeding turn
to give out that the Democratic party is said
endeavoring to disturb the peace of the
country, to create revolution and to turn
Hayes out and put Tilden in; when the I h"
fact is that Tilden's own party don't has
want him in the White House. Again, shou
he thought, ij an investigation was vig. not I
orously pressed it would solidify the fac- died
tions in the Republican party and give
cohesive strength to an organization that calk
the drift of events is fast disintegrating. him.
lHe said that while no sane mail would am
and louisianll throuh ' yet de
sequclntly attained a solid title to his r,
office through a bill which was passed by it w
Democratic votes.-Cincinnati Enquirer. Ie t
The above is a very fair sample of take
the gush of those implacable idiots and
with which, as leaders, the great fare
Democratic party-the party of the Sher
people and of principle-is cursed. beel
Victory has been within our grasp hay
more than once, and has slipped from taki
our clutching fingers simply from
pure cowardice. A great party, one ord
whose principles accorded with the in l
popular heart, could only survive the New
blunders we have committed. Re last
publicanism with all its sins; reeking pet
with corruption and blood--dead, ex- idet
e erts itself only by its wonderful pow- leat
er of aggression, while the Democra- Trc
cy, with a shibboleth which would son
drown the "bloody shirt," the "war Ard
claims," and all sectional issues-the
great "Hayes Fraud"-tarns timidly Go,
to its works, for fear of "disturbing pre
MIr. Hayes' title," and because "not Rai
two Democrats in ten want Mr. Til- S
den in." scih
Out upon such cowardly inaction. Prc
It were better to die protesting than C
never to have protested. If we are
to win, it must be by vigor of action ;
by the enunciation of principles in
e accord with liberty, and by their ag
1. gressive assertion. on
e Senator Cockerell is an ass, and the to
sooner he finds the banner of some ces
true Democrat under which to labor, an
and does battle there with his mouth pis
ir shut, the better will it be for the par- wil
sI ty and the people. tht
y It is amusing to read the gentle ad
dI monition of the "new fledgelings" In
this State, given in a quiet and fath- tal
Ih erly way to the VINDICATOR and At
, other journals, because they insist hit
- on a political eanvass based on prin
e ciple, and having for its end practical th
of reform, a reduction of salaries and of- sai
ir ficiale, and a new, honest Constitu- a
- tion. We know of "Conservative" on
on
d papers, whose Editors claim 25 years tel
- standing as Democrats, that are ad- be
f- vocating Republicans for Congression- (
or al office in their Districts-and these l
se papers propose to read the VINAICA- gr
or ToR, the Onachita Telegraph, the di
1- Marksville Bulletin, the Vienna Ben- du
ft inel, the Mindon Democrat, the New
n Orleans Democrat, and other outspo- ab
ken journals, out of the Democratic si
il party. us
n We wet of a certain small element
ir in the Democratic party to-day, whose co
ts very idea of party and party success as
w is spoils, and to gain them, they are
W. and have been ready to give and take. in
Natchitoches parish emptied:that class
or into the Radical party &ive years
to since, and it would have been much cc
- better had other parishes followed CO
Ut her example.
For Road Overseers.
of ar
t. For the benefit of inquiring Road B1
od Overseers we will State, that a per- 9(
st sonal notice to thile hand is sufficient lo
of and at least three days grace is re- th
Ln quired. All males between 18 and at
e- 45 are liable for road duty.
d Senator Sandiford has explained to
the satisfaction of the Red River par
ye ish people his Stewardship in the
y State Senate. Would our friends of
Sthat section be pleased to favor as
Swith an outline of his explanation 9
We are somewhat interested in Mr.
th Sandiford, notwithstanding the fact
sir that we are an out-laying province of
en his District. Certainly 1900 Demo- O
ey cratic votes count something-at least
)t1 at elections.
ly Communistic Storm.
rde d
pit The present indications point to a
ne, early outbreak of the volcanic ele- i
the mont of the Northern cities. Com-i
f ur mnnistic, Workingmen and National y
ie- secret societies have sprung up like
be magic from Portland, Me., to San
ose Francisco, Cal. Municipal authorities
with are greatly alarmed, and it is report
our ed that his frauduleney, Mr. rHayes,
has been called upon for help, and be
is looking to the' Soithern militia to
~ "save the Nation" from the "Union
ali ple of the North" at the present
e junetare.
on- Ohio was "refreshed" with a now
stolin on the 10th inst.
.STATE iLEAMIN (lS . NV
Jirked to Jesus.
Isniih l'a ns, colored, was hung in
Ithe l'aishlof Tangipanlo for the mur
dtr ,o lEdard Bowen, white. Evans i
was gblhhid to glory after thle follow- It i
inl speeci ,, ith
Ct' ; e lhose and let too go. My i
frieiis, tlh.- is the result of whisky i h
it. has put neon this pllatfotru, and I .,e
warn you ill agalist i . I blame no,
one but nyself. I havt put mpyself y ,\el
to death; exipect to mieet, ny itoil nv .,
this evenitg by the help of our lord tu i
Jesus Christ. I have confidence in
the river tf Jordan ; I know no pow
er' can saw me ; I amt not going to
die but I uin going to sleep off of this it. i
world in t few minultes, and then I f
amn going to Paradise." the .
Conden!ned eyeing l)r. Bowen-- on
"Mr. Bowen, I murdered your son ;
I hope to meet himi in Heaven." T'hen
turning to Mr. Mix, the sheriff, lie
said : rol
"AND YOU ARME 'rilE SIERI" i'
I hope to meet you in HIIeaven. It
has been ordained iby God that I eIr.
should die on the scattohl. Had I 1 !
not have died that way I should have on
died some other way. When a man 1,ina
called me a s-n of a b- I I mashed oIb
him. I have hope in Ileaven, and I tk
am going to wear a starry crown I an
whten I get there ; I have tle sword f°""
lu ^eld on my breast.
it "wa n kllter ir teat for the last time,
me on the scaffold, and I want all to the
take warning by me; dout't drink cret
and don't play cards." tion
Here the condemned stopped, bid
farewell to his friend and, turning to
Sherilf Mix, said, "Mr. Mix, I have
been your prisoner ten months ; you
have always treated mne kindly ;" and
taking the sheritffs hand, shook it and
said good by.
The 1878 Convenltion of the Jewish I
order of B'nai B'rith, which has been mc'
in session during the past week in
New Orleans, adjourned on Friday
last, after the election of the following
Spermanent officere : President Samuel i1
Ullman of Natchez ; 1st Vice-Pres- 1ui
ident Ferdinand Marks of Now Or- rrn
leans 2d do E. Raphael, of Texas ;
Treasurer, Isidore Strauss, of Jack n
I son, Miss.; Secretary, Moses Ulman, Tr3
of Memphis ; Aaron Meyer of Helena,
rArk., Sergeaut-at-arms.
No opposition will be made by the
1 Governor to the finality of the Sn
; preme Court decisions in the Pacific
t Railroad case.
S. McCutchin was commissioned a
school director for Caddo parish, vice or
Prot. Scey, resigned.
n George L. Smith is stepping around fat
e lively in order to get up that secur
ity on his bond as collector, which is
$300,000.
u The Marksville Bulletin says :
"Several of our planters have tried
on a small scale, wheat culture, and
c to all appearances with decided suc
e cess. Mr. J. P. Gnillory has six acres
of ripe wheat. It is of a very large "
' and superior quality. Let our cotton
h planter ponder over this and they
c- will see that King Cotton has more
than one rival." bn
The New Orleans Democrat says :
Several days ago, in a case before
Recorder Smith, Mr. C. C. Haley was
a witness, and his testimony was
Staken down by a short hand reporter.
d At the concluson of his testimony the
t hierogliphice of the stenographer were
Spresented to him to be signed. Haley
declined to sign them on the ground V
l that hle could not read them. liHe
- said, however, hlie was willing to sign
- a transcript. The recorder insisted
,on his signing the hieroglyphics, and
on his positive refusal to do so, sen
r tenced him to pay a fine of $25 or to a
- be imprisoned for twenty-four hours.
. Yesterday the case came before Judge
WWhitakeron a writ of hlabeas Cori c,
who remanded the prisoner on 'the
A ground that the recorder had juris
e diction and the commlitment being in
. due form. Of course we will not ar
gw ue the law with these judicial luIi
inaries; but we do think it a remark- a
- able law, which requires a man to
ic sign adocumient he cannot read or
understand at the dictation of a mag
istrate, or pay $25 or go to jail for
twenty-four hours for contempt of
se court. Indeed, "if the law says that,"
sa as Mr. Bumble says, "law is a hbass."
re State consols have advanced even
e. in the face of the railroad decission
, 77{@78.
re Packard will accept the Literpool
ch Consolate-$30,000 a year is the iu
d come. i
If we are to believe io "scaffold re
pentance" the surest road to Iheaven
and its joys is through a murder.
d Brown and Evans, the lately "sue
r- pended" criminals, both died protest
nt ing their certainty of the reward of
e- the just. Seriously, this cry of God
ad and Jeansus by all manner of diabolical
rascals on the gallows rather shakes
the confidence of mankind generally
in the nees of contriteness and honor
to through life. Why should we live
r- virtuous here, if we are to enjoy the
Ssociety with murderers hereafter.
S The Carroll Corsrr,atirve reads the
or. "Johnny jump-up' 'editors "out west"
a a lecture on democracy. Let's see.
The Conservatire is about one year
of old. Of course It knows all about
Sdemocracy because it has done such
noble work for it. Now, it's singular
that no one ever heard of the Carroll
Conserftite, and its "25 years in
democratic hairness" editor, in 1874
to and 1876. We were sadly in need of
le- its talent at that time, but perhaps it
- is best-for the democracy, that it is
nal young. The good die young. The
iltre Conservatire should be sick.
San
ties The investigation of Hayes' title,
art- will, from all appearances, prove a
yes, failure. Our poor democratic party
be had never a better case for capital
to but the stopidity of "leaders" stands
ion in the way, as usual.
tent _
ClarkaonqPotter, Democratic member of
pCos Ni·r* Yorka has ibtrOduced I
no "jjj illto.gulkte'ifty.i ttitle, and the
Florida frauds.
NEW AI)VEHTISEMENTS. A.
VEGETINE
For Dropsy,
Il
voistt.itt|, DeI li . 1,('t. 14.14l.
r. II11. R. Stetv n , .-
It is pleastii u i I litlve my lestt ilony lia yourl
Inablt e t h111I' ICll aut' w ts 'sic' for a ioffl tille
with )ropshy und. lith dotlor wcare. Iii said
I it was u\ttter betwtil the leiart andt Liie. I
ive,,, ,In h nt fit Itil I litl, Nlle t.kin.
t h Itth. \ . .lm. us t tc2ne : in t:Ml [ w, r liti i II-uIit. .. I
i have ltried many remted-. is : Ithet did not help mc.
S V,,e.tinle is the uuedw+in," 6.r lruol,.'. I hn'gal
, I thlliu ir ty Itln s fill :dl. I am lperl'tf tly well,
iftl
| Itl'.., tilt hetter. Not one can i(,' ll 11tll ' thuln .
fill tSickan I do.Hedache
I um, dehar sir g eat fully :ears.
tA. te). c111 -.1,1: 1.
VnweT.P, X'l..-\\'hen lhe blo,1,. hernins lilhle-,
tl)at Sit lt . 1 i r fro 1e oit "f etcatin h r .lk
1 of illlctll, wanllt ole' eý rc ti. i, i tlirul dietl , o.
in anv other iie, the Vr ,,,tine will r. nitt
le
Sr- mIIen 'ed tak in kin of lgetine. I as vite
I toitulih itt. sh teh, l r.vor le th. I tiul gistitll Costl'l +
low -T: my ststeit was debilitated iy diseases I
arl, I the idney Complait, anll n ever regner
o btl
d cogh Doc. toslr's .Reporte . I had
taken one Cottle I tinud it was helpitlng mer: it
I'as he tlp y on ite e I ae a strenge nthes me.
lI and notir able t H doii c worktVitt. Never hall
seak wendll oth it. lke the gtis. a I know it iseri
ic ery the i it is reIocnledd to be.i e
s.us. A. J.: , niLETN7.
optetilgetile is a greates p incl fil otur aichd
thed f.nervous osysten l s fl it dire tly upon thre :lt
qn rets lli ns ier a and irouses the whole sste to
to VEGETINE
ued Doctor's Rep. Jan. or t. .
Mr. Stevens :
UDear Sir:-- In hae been youllgetine for naltck
SHeadache, and bthreen greatd bene ited therat y.it gie
I erhave every reason tt believe it to be bat good
rge blood nts vifier to rld Vettly trepeclttlll,.
ti. E Cniontown, Ry.
VECETINE.
ter. ED Third St.
UI -
-headache, as derangeme nt of the genioreon siys
Steh. &C. Vegrtine can be said to be a stilt
r- remedy inor the ant kinds of headache. ae it
S " acts directly upon the carious causes of this
Scomuplaint.. NeyoIness. Indigestion, Contive
k lness. AlwAllatism heurar Via t 1 aiousuess, &e.
a0, Try the Vegetine. You will never regret it.
itll Dr. Chas. Mi Duddenhausen. Apothecary.
The doctor l rites : I have a large unse ws of
speak well of it. I know it is a good sedisi, e
TC0 for the complaints for will it is recogruended
Degetine is a great pannela for our aged
ad fathers and others : for it gives thea strength.
quiets their nertes, and gives them Nature's
a0- sweet sleep.
VEGETINE.
iedl Doctor's Report.
IT. R St evens. Esq. :
11C*Dear Sir,--We have been selling your valuable
'rS Vegetine for three years, and we find that it gives
perfect satisfaction. We believe it to be the best
Pý, blood purifier now sold. Very respectfully,
ton Dr. J. E BIROVWN & C'O., Druggists,
hey Uniontown, lay.
lore Vegetine has never failed to effect a cure, giv
ing tone and sthength to the system debilitated
by disease.
SPECIAL NOTiCE. tin
-- E.
The tax payers of Natchitoches parish
are hereby notitied that I will, accom
panied by the Assessor, meet them at the
places named below for the purpose of
collecting the taxes now due and taking I
assessments :
Ward 2-H. II. Iathorn's, Wednesday
and Thursday, June 5th & 6th.
Ward 3-Grappe's Blul; Tuesday and
Wednesday, ,June 11th & 12th.
Ward :3 - Broadwell's Store, Thursday
and Friday, 13th & 14th.
Ward 4--Campte, Monday and Tues
day, June 17th & 18th.
Ward 4 -Butler's Store, Wednesday and
Thursday. Juno 19th & 20th.
Ward 5-Beulah Church, Tuesday and
Wednesday, June 25th & 26th. D
Ward 6-A. V. Carter's, Friday and
Saturday, 28th & 29th. t
Ward 7-J. E. Turner's, Tuesday and sa
Wednesday, July 2d & 3d. 1
Ward 8-James Beasley's, Tuesday and F
Wednesday, .luly 9th & 10th.
Ward 9-J. Alphonse Prudhomme, a
Tuesday and Wednesday July 16th & 17th E
Ward 10-E. Rost's, Friday and Sat.
urday, July 19th & 20th.
Ward 10-Cloutierville, Monday and
Tuesday, July 22d & 23d.
My office in Natchitoches is now open '
and will contiunue open except on the t,
dates above mentioned. s
L. N. LANE, 4
May 18-tmj. Tax Collector. b
t
NOTICE.
- a
RI , I. ALEXIS E. LEMEE holds my
L Power of Attorney and is fully an
thorizoed to represent me as Attorney in
Fact, in all matters touching my duties
and powers as Liquidator of the late
partnership between Mrs. C. L'herisson, t
n dec'd., and myself, and also in regard to
e my individual property and business.
All persons indebted to said partner
ship, or myself individually, are request
ed to make settlement with my said At
torney, and those having claims to pres- I
ent them to him.
PETER VEULEMAN.
Natchitoches, May lRth, 187,.
May 18-4t.
SH ENRY SAFFORD,
Attorney at Larw,
NATCHITOCHIES, LA.
,4 0 Office adjourning that of Mr. Jack,
May 18-4mo.
i Johln I. anna,
e8 NEW ORLEANS, LA.
-WHOL.ESALE I)EALEIt IN
SEED CORN,
a SEED OATS,
al HAY AND
Is FEED STUFF,
3 ilIn Dried Meal.
I7 Orders solicited, and satisfaction
he guaranteed.
May 11.-4m.
A.G. 1hAti.. . M Dc... JUD
-Wt'1fIo 1 21.5 1( s
Finen d 313 )Th in andf -
-Wl IlsNIES. ,E
Conr
IMUPORTED AND DOVESTIC CIGARS 8l,
S.tll.'E511()1 8 : the f:
S No. 17 LEYEE STRIEET, A
:IiEIV EI'lUllI'T, IA. 1111.
1i" ii"
No. 10 WAISINGTON STREET, ,ail
IA(lOISV ILLE, KIY. aA
FOR, SALE.
.)NE i,- lionl h:ianl 1:Igii Jl (IIbh l r, ill f '
Jgooil etanlii ion. Ior T-rlms und p ict ' I .i 4
apply toi ;I:. t'. PALMi'AI E C(O ,~
Fe' 2-it New Or ea is. La
- - ljil1
lilts.
J. SMITH
P ROPI'I 11 1
One and Sietil ile. 1
. Uir l '1101 I(1IA
4H iariing (-'uARSi.
tih
HENRY A. WALMSLEY,
((Successor to M. IT. CAI0VElR.) b
G IO('l ES,
IIARI)\VARE, 7 C
12
tiI B-TS, 11
his 1-2
CLOTHING, (,
(CRO( 'IK'EIY\VAR{E, &C., &C.,
15º
Also a general line of Plantaltion and
Family suppllies.
May 4, 1878. 19
NOTICE. 21
of llaving sold olt Imy cltire stock to 2'
l IIENRY A. WALMSLEY, sonil of (C. L. 23
le m Viihnisley Esq.. I beg to solicit my old 24
friends and customers to extend to him 2.
c ,l a share of the patronage hitherto so
liberally bestowed il)upon me,
M. II. CARVEl H
PHOTOGRAPHY! •
1846 Established in 18 46
h, B, & C. MOSES, 7
Ves
peat Of New Orleans. 9
JAMES C. MOISE, I1
12
ýoiv- Of Natchitoches. 13
WTILL OPEN IN NATCHITOCHES I1
May 15th 1878, at the LACOSTE
HALL.
We are prepared to take at exceedingly
low prices,
Amabrotypes, Gemns,
Ferrotypes, Porcelaintypes,
I''orytypes, Photographs, c
Chromo Photographs, dr
Microscopic do. 17
ts8. Life Size, do, t
In egvryf style of the art. is
W e guarnte our work equal in execl- m
tion a.nd finish to the best Photographic D
Establishment in the United States.
is April 27 '7-t.f.
te Diseases of the EYE and EAR.
of
i Dr. 0. Bl .. IR. D,
ay OCULIST ANI) AURIST.
and 142 Canal St. New Orleans, I.
Honrs from 9:30 to 3:30.
April 20.--tf.
Rles- 1
o 1828-FIFTIETH YEAR-1878 d
Courrier des Etats-Unis
II Devoted to general News and Literature. a
and The I)Daily Edition is published every
morning and contains the latest cable t
and aid home news receiveod during the
niight. The latest and most popular I
and French Novels are reproduiced in its 4
"Feuilleton," while the selection of liter- o
ine, ary articles of general interest from the L
17th European Press is admitted to lhoe n- l
Sat- gurpassed. 1
aiid WEEKLY EDITION. I
The Weekly Edition is published every a
bICi Wednesday eiubling counltry subscribers i
the Ito receive it oil Saturdlay. It has beell
steadily enlarged until it now forms a
ujila'rto of 24 piages, of foulr colnms each,
r. bein thle largestt likekl! piblisheid. It con- C
- tains a complete sumnlmary of the news
of the week with the "Fenilletons" and
a selection from the general and literary
articles of the Daily.
'y Special articles will appear relating to
a- the Paris Exposition of 1878. All new J
itie subscribers will receive the magnificent
ltes Panoramna of the Paris Exposition and
late of the "Palais du Tlrocadero" andt also
I5on, the beginning of the 'I"euilletons" in
course of publication.
ner- TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION:
test
1 At- P'ER ANNUM.
res- Daily Edition (including postage) $12 60
Weekly Edition "" 5 20
ADVERTISEMENTS.
This well known journal, which is es, 1
tablished hltlfa ('century, offtlers special and
gReat advantages an an advertising Ine
dium. Besides being the:recognized or
gan of the French, Canadian, Swiss,
Spanish and Belgian populations in the
United States, it has a large and con
tinually increasing circulation amongst
the cultivated classes of Americans and
Jack Europeans, Froml the arrangement of
the advertising columns, insertions have
a lromineont and attractive appearance.
CH. LASSALLE & CO.,
EDITORS AND PROPRIETORs,
A. 19 Harclay Street, New York.
May 1l--4t.
E. BAKER,
No 7 Camp Street, New Orleans.
LPRESH, PURE AND RELIABLE Gar
[' den and Flower seeds sent by mail to
any address, postage paid.
a Also a full stock ornamental trees,
plants and roses.
All Stock strictly First-clasa.
L10o Everything for the Garden. Wl
April 6-Im.
JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMEN S
IHERIFF'S SALE,
Maior alld City Council of Natchit0ee I
V\. WVil II. lidedmond, et al. '
D)istrict Court-No 1008.
1Y virtue of a writ of Fieri Faci' es
I) sited ill the above entitled and.
Ihered suit, and to 1ne directed I ha 0
seized and will otfer for sale to the St
and highest lidder at the door of
Courthouse in the laris of Natchitb
Saturday, the 15th day of June 18
the following described propertyto wit
A certain lit of grouind situatedia
ciit of Natchitoches having a front of l
fttl oin the East side of an ally known 1
Sibly Ally, and rlllllnig ack for depth
120 fie,.t, bounded North by lut of Andrew
'arter, South by A. P. Breda, West
sail Willy streeti, thle S iltg e acoird
fr1 A,. 1'. Hreda by at tof sale before
.1 (111)i Ba;rowV oti the lltth day of3|aSy lt
Also tw1o cert'ailn lts of grotunll situate
ill the City 1 aI)d palrish . Natceithch
,ppolsite of each other on an ally known
as Sibly ally, tacth of said lots havingi
hft ot 1"7. lfect tI said ally. Withadepth
of 1t'l tiet, acqi1uirecd fronm A. P. Bredab
act of sale Ifirl' ;eorl'ge W. Kearny Le
c'order, on1 the 27th day of April 1874.
'lTogethecr with all lithe Ibuildings an
- tinlv'rtnt'itts ont the above descrilhe
Its.
Al.o u one Billiard Fable, Fouirteen Cun
F'our Halls and OIne Pool Board.
Terms of Sale :
c'.SII-wvith lncuelit of applraisement.
D. Ii. BOU'LLT, J,.
May 11.--tds. Sheriff
[LO"FICIAI,]
LIST OF JURORS
1)'awu fr' the June Term, 1879,of the
17th It.Jndicial l)istrict Court. in and for
tihe 'arisll of Natchitocltes, State of
Ltouisiala, ill aecordl'lance with law.
First Week of Court
beginning Monday. June 3d, 1878,
1 T. I). Black, 26 Henry Genius,
2 W. J. Turn.. 27 ,John G Breedlove
:1 W. C. Powell, 24 E A Soopaayr
1 S. B. Walker, 29 G W Bailes,
5 Adolphe Vietue, 30 .1 C :noise,
1 C. T. Cha:let, 31 E P Corbitt,
7 O0g. Brosset, '22 I' T Prudhomme
s Oliver Fredien, 33 W W Page,
9 M. E. Barlerousso,34 T'heo. Hertzog,
10) A. J. Lestage, 35 11 8 Prothro,
11 Johnt Rusea, :3; A C Sullivan,
12 F. II. 1 lowe, :17 J N Hendricks,
I3 .1 N S Cox. 3: W1t D Booty.
14 W C Sutton, :3 .Jno Gilcrease,
15 L J Pate. 40 Ltnavette Rogers
nd 1; Narces Cheltt'tre.4l J H Stephens,
17 B C Rlachal, Jr.,42 Jack Thibodeauz,
18 S B Slf, 43 A V Carter,
19 Isaac Kahn, 44 A 1) Wrinkles,
21 8 V B Cox, 45 O Schatfrath,
21 T F Mcleant, 46 G B Airhart,
to 22 W rown, 47 W T J Ramsey,
L. 23 Jules Maricelli, 48 W A Curry,
d1( 24 Alfred Dixon, 49 C W Jewell,
ir 25 C E Trichel, 511 G(o. Ezernock,
H( Second Week of Court, •
Beginning Monday, June 10th, 1878.
I M J Breedlove, 16 Henry HIghee,
2 Jacob Levy, 17 .1 N Jolhnson,
3 T E Powell, 18 Edw Phillips,
4( 4 Patrick Coffey, 19 Urbin Rachal,
5 Theodore Rachal. 20 ( Jas K Martin,
6 J T King, 21 Beverly Tucker,
7 .J A Prudhonmne,22 Morris Maricelli,
8 Lavntsky Colson, 23 Isaac MeMille,
9 Jno Keitfer, 24 L E Tauzin,
10 A J Pla:nche, 25 .J F Wagley,
11 Jones Johnson, 26 Wm McGarahta,
12 J D Wheeles, 27 S M Dendy,
13 John Genoe, 28 Dempsey Craig,
14 G WV Green, 29 Gabriel Holin,
ES 15 E St A Prtudhom-3: 0 R N Duke,
TE
STATE or LOTInLia
gly Parish of Natchitoches,
Clerk's Ofice.)
I certify the above to be a true ald
correct copy of the original Venir
drawn for the June Term, 1578, of the
17th Judicial District Court in andfor
the Parish of Natchitoches, State of LAn
isiana, by the duly qualified Jury Com.
en- missioners, on the lOth day of April, A.
hic D. 1I78.
Witness my hand and odf.
cial seal at Natchitoehes,
S La., on this, 10th day of
S April. A. 1)., l1:s
W. H. TWNNARD,
S April 13, Clerk, l)istrict Court.
Sheriff's Sale.
.Jlerone Sarpey andi Neristin Metoyer vs.
Wmn. II. Boullt.
DY virtue of a writ of seizure and sale
) in the above entitled suit and to De
78 directed, I have st'ized and will offer for
sale to the last antd highest bidder, at
the door of the Court House in the eity
nre. IltLd parish of Natchitoches on,
eery Saturday, 18th dlay of Mlay, 1878,
able the following described property to wit:
the A certain lot of ground in the ton
ular and parish of Natchitoches, with the
its dwelling Ihollse and imnprovemeuts themr
iter- on, said lot being on the North side of t
the Denis street, fronting on said strt.,
n- Ihounded East by the lot belonging to
Theodore Schumau, West byv Third street
purchased by Mue. Desirir HIertzog frolm
Dr. Thurbaltr, antd purrchased by defend*
very aut at Succession sale of Mute. Deairit
hers IHertzog, to nsatisfy the vendors privifegs
trod ad speciail maor'tg:igre on said property,
la Terms of Sale.
on- CASH-with the lbenefit eof aipraremst
lIws D. 11. BOUIILT, .Ja.
and April 13-Gt Sheriff.
rary -- - - -
SIHERIFFI'S SALE.
new J. WV. Cockerham vs. D. Boullt Jr., et aL
cent I)istrict Court-No. 820W.
? Y VII'RTUE of a writ of seiznre and
Sin 1 sale in the above entitled and nua.
bered suit, and to me directed, I have
neized anld will offer for s:ale to the lut
and highest bidder at the door of the
court house, ill the city and parishd
SuT. Natchitoches, on
jSaturday, the let day of June, 1878,
the following property, to.wit:
A certain tract of land or plantation
Se laying and being in the Parish of Natebitf
I and ches, State of Louisiana, and being the
oe- South East fractional quarter ; the Wet
1 or- half of the North Eeast quarter and fE8
"is fractional halfof the North West fraetiou
Sthe al quarter of section 4, Towshlip 9. RSal
con- 6, containing two huntdretd and fifty.
)nkst 42-100 acres, and six hundred and thirty
and seven 3:1-100 acrces of land being and Ia'
nt of iitg in section 162, snme Tl'ownship ad
have Range, being it all eight hunlIred and
ance. eighty-eight 75.100 acres, together with
all tle buildings and ilnprovemeai
thereon.
ik. Terms of Sale.
CASH-with the benefit of apprtiwe
ment.
A. P. BREDA,
April 27-Ids. Coroner,
NOTIC(E.
Succession of John Martin, decd.
Gar- ACOB P. BROADwELL havingfi
tail to his pd titiou praying to be ap),
Curator of the ,acanut Sucerssion Joht
trees, Martin, dec'd, h'Notice is hlerely gihveO t
all persons in interest to show O
within ten days why the prayer of 0i
petitioner should not be trantea..
May I-2t _Cl