Sgpgr fe the State.
ts of Subscription.
St ........... ....... 50
, ri'ti'on'tken f r less than 6
'l ii iiiiiF-' - '--,
Pi AND CITY NEWS.
iiC~AL LEt6 AN1. Next to
" r oin. mitting pN
mu in oly. bank retul
s isfrbelows are fur anklets." draw a pi
al .cirdilatioi
lsbt Setting too furbelow.-Graphic Mr. Pen
1J ermulationU increasing at
h dthss quires~-72 per week. with goat
eat tbme quires-?2per week. 4 ant and al
WRdmeesland Thursday were heav- They can
04,O4 ! K the rain, oh the rain gether .
..bdIatoua s out. Republics
CaRiiver still cutinues to rise, and We obs
tbhe s lW, sd water for boats every ers aakini
yhl, whereabo
pdoiee.Jdt has been in session Gail Ham
S the week, a full report of their is all.-C
leobsrdi will of course appear. Henry
0 1 jis in good condition, but has patronize
,t emst- Previous to this year it vertisem:
, ale»rally full all the time. want Ch:
Ig i.M. Spofford kindly favors nishing
a copy of his Brief and argument the tin li
1laqatested case with Kellogg. Geners
aS to W. A. Strong Esq, Secret- tion a 8
/ftgte, for copies of numerous of- they call
vouch fo
'Bianal to say something about the We've
tw , but we hav'nt the'heart this In Loi
Um too bad to pfise. Horne T
LO'Quinn has been appointed Now,t
Ward 9, vice ýorneby un it Oil
Exit HornabT. New d1
i yTr ever reckon up the number of In G
would like to kick if they rs pil
of their
rih th?.Detroit Free resa so the
I lng to Noah a dove was the first ier-Jon
grald P. IL Yes it carried the There
abek, aYOU remember.-Ez. Rapids
Thea
gam parties are now as fait, and the ties
ui uen will think damn as his female during
rtTrtramps his trick.-New York Dis- editorin
P. Massey, of Ward 5, paid Ournd
Ton a visit on Tuesday last. M. S. C
1r.'Eli. is one of our sterling citizens were I
t#oes as pleasure to greet him. bwildie
- ,AbtUlet German thus expressed tion he
Spreference for a quack doctor: "I church
lpil Vim ov mine cat vas dead!" ets of
SJournal. Our
upapa," set alittle girl, "give me a stand,
ride ai your kas won't you." He took only.
its #. gallop at ouee.-New York limit a
Commeradl Advertiser. Radice
.The lmaen didn'tbang up their hose of pro
eCbrisbmas eve.-Waterbury American. tion b
_$ the street scrapers hung up their the b
)wsl,..Worcester Press. Jury
i t/ PLOWS, different styles and At
make at McCook & Bro. duces
i tsaid that Abraham web the first
Sadioneer, because he put Isaac up, and ladies
stbe Lord's bid let him go at a sacri- ears,
Herald and Presbyter. etrins
,Wer Press will be up, and we will by St
su:i er Eight Column--bran new pa- tion,
on, a or about March 1st. Send in velol
I rn asmee to begin with the new dress. lized
 i:a Job Office has been enlarged and pulli
-ppLred, and we are doing work ot all St
iid'st city prices. Ledgers and Blank Shal
biet made to order at Factory prices. ake
d bts paid and s4,400 in solid spea
saeks in the Parish Treasury, is aid
brault of the first yeare Democratie the
,l1l this parisb. .
A paper says, in speaking of the inqul- has
iuto the alleged presidential bargain, are,
Bauter will have' his fingers in the we
S-Mdre likely in the spoon-holder.-- ten
ell Coare. hel
A wise preachber says: 'Faint noti;lThl
-~ ' W vIterv, ara but few and or
n That is all very well, but on the
route it is down grade all the way. .e
Y. Christian Union. lie
fisnds in Ward 5 will have an p,
shortly to fll vaeaney occasion- del
rsignation of John Flemming' Ju
of the Police Jury from that li
n hg to slk attention to Mrs. Mo- pa
b lg boase advertisement in
.!! Tr veler and beaders will be on
taIaed with the'best the mar- h.
atthis bhol& h
g. Barbee Esq , will causes e
tiMs and Daot. perish, in the Ia
of the VItrDICAOR. We hope hi
will extend their usual sour- on
to Bed River! is still the
The right of way, we under- ti
has been euared, and on Monday, i
wili begSin to run the pre ,
laes of survey.
idvertistemer t of the Bat f
4lsowhere in tbhis weeks' s- C
lereferenee to it l all a
; for the Bat Able is
and top good ,wopt :.
Sa&turda Night asks: 1
luntbh Imbar re
Hereb. I
*his .gven a verdict 1
in a sit of breach of '
sai's heait As to ages, I
pda ars, te.--N. Y. Her
the whijows o a coal
it out doors among grind
id t~t slmp of lee t every
a.mt of nevery dum wo
M., Teiwi tlteealr that looks."
CrN. Y.)iinu.
And `o love is blind, is it Wait a There Is nt
mitnte. Did you ever hear of a woman in which the
going crazy about a man who had his bilities of thi
ear-mwaff on the first time she saw him t fernal and et
--Danbury News. are discussed
Mr. V. Benoist was In' town ouiWed- in Chicago;
nesday and dropped into the VINDICA- be added, in
TOR sanctum. He reports our friends in much vital
the Clontierville section in fine health majority of t
and spirits. cers and dire
The spirit of improvement is still insurance co
abroad and old Natchitoches will'yet pull 125 SAC
out of her ancient rut. The sound of the 14 justt
hammer iSheard everywhere, which be- There are
tokens life at least. see oue of ot
corner sniiti
The Brooklyn Eagle inquires, "What is little cane,
Christianity 1" Christianity, my bo, is else. They,
seeing a fellow-mnortal slip down on the e hen
sidewalk without reminding him that he ever, when
his action, _
has 'dropped something."-Worcester ivory billia
Prees. ble, or leans
Next to committing matrimony, com- upon his ch
mitting peijury in swearing to a savings ty in jumpil
bank return is the most likely to with- QUERY
draw a prominent citizen from general mon tobacY
circulation.-New York Tribune. burgn toba
burg Bros.
Mr. Pendleton is also afflicted at times the same pi
with goat. This will make him a pleas- Dr S.
ant and agreeable companion for Blaine.
They can run down to Hot Springs to- eatid bes
gether during vacation.-Wasbhington ring the w
way to Ne"
Republican. tures before
We observe several reckless paragraph- Medical C
ers asking impudent questions as to the understand
whereabouts and present occ'ipation of lectures be:
n Gail Hamilton. We advise caution; that of Medicine
is all.-Chicago Tribune. risprudenec
Henry Genius the Stove and Tin man his able eli
is patronizes the VINDICATOR in a new ad- of the su
it vertisement,and we advise those who pride in th
want Charter Oak Stoves and House Fur- Scruggs, al
ra nishing Goods, as well as work done in quite desel
it the tin line to give Henry a call. A Roche
General Bouncer (on a round of inspee- steam han
a- tion at Sandburst)-Augh! Can you tellin welcom
me what "mess" this ist Cadet-Well,
'f they call it "''mutton," but I wouldn't An eight.
vouch for it.--Pnch. heard fort,
he We've seen that joke beef-ore. between a
lie In London, years ago, a prize of $50 day ofjud
was offered for the best original joke and at Niagal
Horne Tooke it.-Norristown Herald. running f
4 Now,be honest. Didn't Theodore Hook rni dead f
n it ? Oil City Derrick. fell dead
New didn't Richard Steel it steam cra
of In Grand Rapids, Michigan, the gro
cers publish their portraits at the head Fine h
y of their advertisements. Grand Rapids is
.dlso the home of the Sweet Singer.--Cou- at MoCoi
rat rier.Journal. W. H.
Che There must be more lasses in Grand trict Cou
Rapids than the Sweet Singer. ing list o
The absence of the Editor, whose dn- the week
ties as Clerk of the Police Jury and J. W. Ti
ale through a long and protracted session Adam Ca
)is- during the week, must be our excuse for Chas. Mc
editorial short comings this issue. John Wi
Our Methodist friends gave two Prosper
a "pound sociables" at the residence of Mr. Gus Edn
ens M. S. Curtis during the week, and they Sam Sui
were perfect successes. Mr. Hough is
building u, a fine progressives congrega. Egyptia
tion here, and when he completes their gayize a
church he will greatly advance the inter- toachiea
ests of this whole community She oul
Our Police Jory propose, so we under prince o
stand, to levy a Parish Tax of 74 Mills overconi
ok only. This is 24 Mills less than the law her he
ork limit and 7 Mills less than the cheapest at inLi
Radical levy, even when the valuation him an
ose of property exceeded the present valua- tration
can. tion by $500.000 to $750,000 dollars. If oc
heir the Legislature don't reform, our Police hon shw
Jury will. lius ge
and A full line of all grade goods at re- that he
duced prices at McCook & Bro. club ac
,rst An exchang says a new way to fasten sh leI
ac ladies' hats is to bore the tops of their wou'd
Cri- eare, put.in gold hoops and have thehat heie
strings tied through them. Thus, step o
ill by step we tread the pathway to perfec- "Eg
Spa- tion, and ere the darkness of death en patr
ndin velopes all the world man will have uti. h,
re ss. lized his nose in holding up his pants br te ra
1 and pulling on his boots.-Andrews' Bazar. sinate
o all St. Louis is to have a ten-foot statue of y e
B e Shakespeare. The city fathers merely mon
aees. ked the sculptor if the deceased Shake- eye
solid speare'was a Chicago man, and when he Go
ry, is said "no" they replied 'all right, sculp to
ora tie the old stat."- St. Louis Times.
People who label their letters "in great Coi
inqui- haste" are dying off one by one. They ciau,
ag ai, are dropping off with heart disease. A place
Sin the week after they mail their important let- missi
dder.-- ters they see them advertised as being table
held for postage, and the result is fatal. neat
t not; Thus another great tribe will soon be- catal
w and come eztinet.--Postal Gazette. affe
t on the The Parish Treasurers' Report wi enre
se way. show our people what the present Po
lice Jury has done. Over $20,000 in
a ae an Parish Scrip, Warrants, &e., of old i c
caeion- debtedness, was burned by the Polic kno
iming' Jury at its last session. This is the ted
om that largest collection sad settlement eve liev
made at one time, in the History of thib of
r.. M o- parish.
nent in Our Sabine friends, we trust, will give
wi wll b our canvasser, Mr. Richard E. Lee, l sta
h mar- handsome welcome. Sabine is famed for s
hospitality, and to the VInDICATOR, or its
canvass representative, we feel assured it will be
, in the unbounded. Mr. Lee visits that section H
We hope in the interest of this paper and we trust o
ol o urr- or sanguine hopes in his snecess will be tr
realized.
still t he The Bart Able was at our landing on C
e nader- time Tuesdbasy, iith a goodly freight and
Monday, list of passengere. Some of our people
tthe p went down on her, and her cotton trip
was up to over 500 bales. Capt. Dick
te Bat nuetl was ftUll of ralrbad and Capt.
weeks' is- George Hamilton was businees all over,
It Is al as usual. fi
Able is Our old-time frienMd, Allen Wheeler, a
pis. Esq., was in townr on Tuesday last. Mr.
t ask: Wheeler still suffers from his serious
liarly hurt of last summer, occasioned by the
fmb r ralling of a large limb from a tree aln r
him, while riding through the woods.
At the time his life was dispaired of, r
Serddict but we are gllad to know that he is yet
bbrech of "with us."
Sth We acinowledge the receipt of sub
ha o s a, scriptiones from the following named.
. Y. H er- G. W. Bails, Natchitoohesv
J. W. Batler, "
e a eoal Wi. TuraT mel, "
og g gin gr 8. 0. Serugga, Cloutlevele.
to every V. Beneist, t
oa s wo- A. P, Masesey, Marthaville.
aat loo lo. s . O. Jones, Shreveport.
Bart Able S2t opies.
There is no community in the country SPIRIT OF
in which the probabilities and improba- L
bilities of the existence of a place of in- [Oi
fernal and eternal torture for the wicked We have
are discussed with so much eagerness as the names t
in Chicago; and none, perhaps, it may islatute whl
be added, in which the question is of so tive niileni
t much vital and personal interest to a written reqr
i majority of the people, including the ofi- bill rol l an
cers and directors of savings banks and Clerks of tli
insurance companies.--Chicago Times. eral Assemri
1 SACKS Texas Rust Proof Oats of their p;
125 ust received at McCook & Bro them.
There are some people who when they
see one of our gihldd youth standing on a
corner snmiting his delicious boot with a Twenty-i
little cane, say he is good for nothing our Parishl
else. They are ready to retract, howerv- lThe natter
ever, when they see the born heroism of out the delt
and reduce
his action, as he unflinchingly shoots the practice i
ivory billiard balls along the emerald ta- gratified to
ble, or leans upon hique as Hercules didl grants are
upon his club. People are often.too has
ty in jumping at conclusions.--Puck. The Mon
SQUERY : ' Why will men smoke cow advocate u
mon tobacco, when they can buy Mar- lion, and a
burg Bros. '&al of North Carolina,' at should so i
% the same price I" Feb 9 '78-' y. es of the
,- that they
Dr. S. O. Scruggs, one of our first, old- parishes ai
aest and best citizens, paid us a visit .du- conventiot
nring the week. The Doctor was on his wipe out t
way to New Orleans to resumne his lec- statue bho
tures before the Thereputics Class of the of the gove
- Medlical College of New Orleans. We if hat wFoo
le understand that Dr. Scruggs has, by his Conveotio
of lectures before the Louisiana University funeral the
at of Medicine on the subject of Medical Ju- tinel.
risprudence attracted much attention by Will the
an his able eloquent and masterly handling what pow
id- of the subject. Our parish feels just resolving
ho pride in the.honor heaped upon Doctor
ir- Scruggs, and his friends know him to be organic
in quite deserving of it. the Unit(
A Rochester man has just invented a was its fr
ec- steam hand organ for the use of farmers The tr
ll, in welcoming tramps and book agents. it ha
nt An [eight-horse-power machine can be that
heard forty miles, and the voice is a cross this is a I
between a Congressional debate and the least in tl
650 day of judgment. It was tried list week of the pec
md at Niagara Falls. The water stopped It is a
ok running for ten minutes, and ten men
fell dead at the first revolution of the The ch
steam crank. The organ extends over by the of
six counties.-Danbury News. conventil
esd Fine lot wagons at reduced prices frameut a
ouf- at MoCook & Bro. every br
nd W. H. Tunnard, Esq., Clerk of the Dis- anud ilo
trict Court, furnishes us with the follow- a constil
ing list of marriage licenses issued during conditioi
di- the week. 118, wot
and J. W. Tucker, to Miss A. Debliex. shouldel
sion Adam Caruaham " E. Lettier, vestmen
for Chas. Moore, " A. Wyeinger, no at
"iuf s di;
John Williams, ' Mary Porter,
two Prosper Fisher, " Easter Stewart, nientarp
Mr. Gus Edwards, " Josephine Jackson, choose
they Sam Smith, " Rachel Reid. live a u
;h is old affa
Biography of Cleopatra: Previous of life o
rtge. Egyptian sovereigns were obliged to or
ater- ganize armies and gather fleets in order I
to achieve conquests, bit lord ! Cle didn't.
She only had to send for a neighboring The
ndcr prince or potentate whom she wished to tion
Mills overcome, and as soon as he set eyes on a vote
a law her he was dead gone. He surrendered Dave o
apest at indiscretion, and she immediately.gfave votedi
ation him an appointment under her admninis- explair
la- tration as a slave. Great Ca'sar himself to vote
' once wore her livery, and, Great Caesar f.ii P
Police how she made him step around. But J- did no
lius got away one day. He pretended teJ as
t re- that he belonged to an amateur dramatic In
club and was cast for a leading part, so the rem
fasten she let him off on a promise that he sar
Stheir won'd return soon., It is needless to say tween
he hat he never went back. Mrs. Cuesar heard ber fr
of his disgraceful goings-on with that fotme
peeree - "Egyptian mummy," as she called Cleo- coh'r
th en patra (when would a woman keep iumi, hed
eti eh?), and shle wouldn't let him go outside tie c(
ate br the yard alone for weeks. Casar, it may themi
ar be remembered, was subsequently assas- assist
sinated by the Molly Maguires, and Anht - occur
n;ntue of ny delivered a very effective funeral ser both
merely mon over his remains.-.Burlington Hawk- Th
Shake e any 1
eye. pensi
ghen o to McCook & Bro. for planta- en
sculp tion suppliest &. . p - ll
ingreat Conasumption Cured.l-An old physi- takei
They cisan, retired from practice, having had made
sae0. A placed in his hands by an East India to si
tnt let- missionary the formula of a simple vege- appr
a being table remedy, for the speedy and perma- pn.
is fatal. nent cnre of consumption, bronchitis, u
ooon be- catarrb, aethma, and all throat and lng dur
affections, also a positive and radical to Ll
ort ncure fcr nervous debility and all nervous
ornt complaints, after having tested its won
derful curative powers in thousands of
old cases, has felt it his duty to make it
oPol i known to his suffering fellows. Actua- niei
i the ted by this motive, and a desire to r eor
en ve lieve human suffering. I will send, free o t
e o o thib of charge, to all who desire it, this re- iot
nirs m German, French, or English, iug
ll gve th full directions for preparing and her
g ll giv using. Seat by mail by addressing with in
fme for stamp, naming this papesr, W. W bherar, ser
m 126 Powers' Block, Rochester, N. Y. los
ro, or its _ ._
it will be The first numbers of the Baton Rouge
t section Herald, Dr. Sam. Bard's new paper, is on frr
i we trst our table. The Herald is a newsey coun- a1
swill try paper, and we X with pleasure. Co
nding on Cotton Receipt.-
reight and eeeeived previously, 4,927 bales.
ur people " daring the week 247 "
.apt. Dick Total 5,174
ana Capt. . .----.. ea
all over, In ancient times the balm of Gilead
was of great repute and eagerly songht
for; in modern times that whiob pleas- d
Wheeler, antly restores lost strength is fod in
lt Home Stomach Bitters
rlat. Mr. , . . 
Lost or Mislaid. Te
.HE public are eautioned pot to trade on
. for the followigj note. A mortge pa
gote for the sum of Seven Houndred po0-to
lars in gold, made payable on the firet of
t January 1874, to Columbus C. Campbell, al
dated 25th of iDecemfb, 1b71 ndiged t
by Joseph P. Ly"ch. Wg. M. LEVY tl
Feb 9. Att'y of Mrs. M. D`iae.
NO-rxGzS. al
Iý LL persona, holding City Warrants CE
A.toutatandingsainnthe City of Natch
itoches, are hereby reqired to have the
same rrte-regibred *itbfl thei pkzt sixty f
days from the publitio heeof. CE,
J a'78 1i9-tf ClNTresu rtI. b
SPIRIT OF THE COUNTRY PRESS. dorse this a
throughout
Let It Be Rcorded. speak of it,
[Onachita Telegraph.] imw ptance
We have been requested to publish this because
the names of the members of the leg- eteest of BhI
islatute who accept pay for construe- speak in th,
tive mileage, and are told that a general anui
written request to this effect, signed the Loutis
by prominent citizens of this parish, shame to tl
will be handed us. If the Warrant that perpet
Cletks of the two houses of the Gen- rage know
eral Assembly will furnish us copies 'ob I 'WC
s of their pay-rolls we will publish it. Whati
saction, thi
them treasry, u
Real People, half the am
[Sparta Times.] of the St.
a Twenty-seven persons arrived in and refit th
g our Parish this week from Georgia. was in the
The iratter of Immigration is with. perity. 0
if out the empty forms of mere theory, unique in
and reduced to downright living edifice upo
practice in our midst. \e are remind onut
gratified to note that all these immi- of old. Ti
grants are first class citizens. that have i
behold it
Which is the Fool. beautics.
The Monroe Obserrer is an earnest means. 0
advocate ofa constitutional conven- five thoust
r- tion, and suggests, if the legislature yond a do
it should so far disregard the plain wish- have been
es of the people as to fail to call one, the canptal
that they assemble in the various entire Stal
l parishes and elect delegates to a State New Orle
u- convention whose object shall be to demand it
As wipe out the odious laws, now on the demands i
c- statue books and redice the expenses. legislation
Le of the government.-Shreteport Times. f iomNeNw
That would be a splendid idea, and many allu
if the Fool Killer would get into that lead even
Convention there would be a splendid at Baton ]
tY funeral the next day.-Thibodaux Sen- as it were
n- tinel. country.
by Will the Sentinel please inform us place for i
ib what power can deter the people from no thinkwar,
ist not think
resolving themselves back to the.ir least t g
b organic capacity and building up shouldn't
again. How was the Constitution of If we are
the United States framed and how it, and Io
a was its framing brought abiout Nee
rn The trouble with the Setinel is
te that it has overlooked the fact that
oss this is a government of the people, at
the least in theory, and not a government
rek of the people's servants. Dear Viii
I had i
It is a latter of Life and Death. an haoned
iien (Courier of the Teche.) lihen onu
the The chief objection thus far urged honest an
ver by the opponents of a constitutional would dli
convention is simply one of money, pie wouh
but as a new constitution would be so sion of ci
framed as to retrentch expenditure in ready to
every branch of the State government who viol
Dis- and lighten taxation the debt that been mis
would be incurred by the framing of Mr. TI
Iri a constitution suited to our changed citizens
ng condition and the bright future before shot dow
us, would sst as lightly upon the el of
lshoulders of our people as summer Monday
r, vestments. An indifferent crop year not a me
now and then, like a cloud over the been nu
sun's disk, may cast a shadow over ties, or 1
' our prosperity, but can be but mo- have het
art, mentary. But whether our people about as
son, choose to have a new constitution, or A neg
live a while longer under the rickety (andDix
old affair now in use, is not a matter aimexn
of life or death with the. Di,
order Heavy on the Resolve, but light on the de, thii
idn't. ,urors. temipted
(Shreveport Times.) efjert tt
ri to The Spofford-Kellogg joint. resolu- took tl
tion was passed by the state senate by Geore
dernda vote of 21 to 7. Allain, Bryant and r.i
re Dave Young (all colored Republicans) thbt
gave voted in the aflromative., Young in agan1
ninis- exlaining his vote said hle was goling for he,
nself to vote for the resolntion, and did it lim thu
s fom pure motives. He believed that tny m
ii Sprofford was legally elected, and lie peared
t did not believe that Kellogg was elec- t o
uded ted as the laws of the state direct. ro i
In the discussion in the house of Howel
ut, so the resolution to punish adultery a that i
at he sharp little controversy sprang up be- Howel
t tween Warmothl and the colored memn- his 's
heard ber from St. Martin-Deteige. 'rhe threat
Sthat former unde took the defence of the tiol, I
Cleo- colored population against certain al- Dito
lusions of immorality among 4henm, were
m ' whed Detiege interrupted him to say lived I
tside the colored people oould take care of der wi
t may themselves without his (Warmoth's) neigbl
Sassas- assistance. Here the verbal set-to did m
Anht'- occurred, when the chair cai led them more
a erboth to order. ton
Hawk- The legislature will not;likely passe oge
any bill allowilh jurors a faiir com- T
pensation for their services. Some good,
lata- telbers favor one dollar a day and and
five cents mileage and others one dol- ctmz
lar and fifty cents a day. When it isth
physi- taken into account that 3payment is the
rghad made in scrip worth only from forty Thor
t India to sixty cents on the dollar, it will be
hevege- appreciated that the proposed colr
epensation will not begin to pay the
e i actual cost of attending court. The
sdlu urors are, however, exempt fotn.ronad
dloiuty, which will prove some onmfort T
radical to the±. . ,. fan
nervous . We Theought S~.
its won- (Minden Democrat.] gr
make it The most of the sound thinking C
Actna- men of our parish are strongly in fa lib
vor of a Convention--and we have
feore yet'to meet among the reading men inl
e of the agricultural class, one who is
, this re- not an earnest advocate for the call- (
Englishing of a Convention. Evesiything up thr
rri and here--except--well we won't say -is
in gwithin favor of a Coonvention, and we as- ve
. bherr sert positively, that neither Senatore
. hr A. B. george, inor Hon. :W. W. Car- 1
loss, represent thie views of their con- gim
stituents in their opposition to it.
onRouge We have retd a great many rqasons j
per,is on from Representatives and Senators of
sey oun- a pubhle and political nature why a lh
rre. Convention should not be called;
would like to have them give us their
private reasons. Whereby hangs the il
7 bales, tale! * m
47 7' Our Viewse to a T.
- [Baton Rouge Herald.] at
We are glad to see that this subject
Gilead has been taken hold of in earnest. a
el. sieght Senator White offered a resolution or
hlo pleas- dering an inveetigation of the St. Louis tl
Isfonod in Hotel swindle. Of course, everybody
S knowslthat .th;h Siprooe Court de
Slared that' trns~selonf as null and
L. void, aihd tir4thetm'sum of onu ron. a
dred aid forty thousand dollars, paid
,o o to trade out ofthe treasury of the State, be I
m ortgage paid 'back etr~pr ry reuroed
ndned d o- to-whoever it belongs. "
the first of Senator Ellis, of Franklin parish,
Campbell, also offered ~ oqiup in reference
nd signed to "e tat $e, j in, asking
LEEY, that the Committee on public Build
E D ings be instrulfeted toinquire into the
p&et eigs toaipni of the old State
iaptotatliklt Rougie aad the prob
able acostof repairing the same. The
y Warrants coarse oif these gentlemen is certainly
yty ofNatch- commeudable, reformatory and pa
Shave the triote,'lcteoking to the welfare and in
e umxtksixty terest of our presently impnverished
PLACE,  of our
Treamsur'. belovec od niDO lh.uld cau.
dorse tiis action. Let every paper P R 0
throughout the State notice this, and
speak of it, for it is a imatter of much
imlplutance to us all--we do not speak S CU II (
this because it would be to the iu- NATC
teiest of Baton Rouge. No! but we
speak in the Interest of the people in Pnrsnant t
general and of our State. Who is the President
the Louisianian who will not cry the 4th day a
shame to the villainous radical sing Present, I
t that perpetrated the enorlnous out- inett N. P.
- rage known as the St. Louis Hotel d11111 Willi"a
jiob We answer, none can endorse On sidtion at
Iit. What! countenance such a tran- mnett was u1
saction, the squandering of the State rary Presidt
treasnrty, upon such a building, when opened its s.
half the amount of the purchase--price On motion
of the St. Louis Holel would repair unexpended
and refit tle old State llouse as it 1877, amnoun
was in the days of Louisiana's pros- after deduct
perity. 0! the grand old building, so "Ineh the
uniquein its architecture, the only paid over t
g edifice upon the continent that can pils tacght
e remind one of the Europeant castles apportioned
i- ofold. Thlose of Louisiana's sons compensaticl
that have not been so fortunate as to vices as T-:
behold it once cannot Iinagine its provided th;
beauties. Let it be repaired by all so to be pa
means. One hundred and seventy- be less than
- five thousand dollars will do it, be- flrther, by
re yond a doubt, and once this will Bopertiod, tha
i have been done, make Baton Rouge on the sarll
C, the capital again ; the people of the Re-solved ft
is entire State demand it ; the people of Secretary, J
te New Orleans and its business ilen Henry Lev
to demand it ; the interest of the State hereby cow!
e demands it. It is necessary for good cial Cuonmli
s legislation that it should be removed Wards as ti
Sutom ,New Orleans where there are so rulerd of as t
Id many alluremnents calculated to mis- ed, and t,
at lead even good men. It should be Teache rs f
id at Baton Rouge, by all means ; here, provided it
- as it were, we are neither in city or Resolved
country. Our little town is just the rer, be rei
us place for it. Our good men, before may have
tire war, thought so, why should they expend in
not think so yet ; most of them, at tinse to tit
eir least a great miany, still live why School BtO
UP shouldn't the old veterans speak out I of Conting
of If we are to have refoermn, let us have Resolver
it, and lose no time in obtaining it. the year 11
obalance di
News from Our Friends. ance of tl
is Should a
- more of tt
tat VERNON. tary is he
at PARISH OF VERNON, force the 1
t January 27, 1878. ard or
he openedl
Dear Vindicator : due may
I had hoped that the establishment of said Scho
an honest Govermnncnt in our Stat.:; Resolve
when our laws would he enforced by against ti
;ed honest and competent judges, that crime muitted an
wal would diminish, and that the honest peo- Treasurer
pie would assist the authorities to the Account s
extent of their abilities in the suppres- for bool
esOu sion of crime, and would therefore stand Balance (1
b in ready to arrest and bring to justice men for pal
ent who violated the law, but in this I have School
that been mistaken. Account
of Mr. Thomas Dixon. one of the best pulblish
ged citizens of this parish, was ruthlessly warran
lore shot down at his own gate, in the pres- Treasul
th e ene of his wife and children on last The ti
Monday morning without cause or pro- the conti
vocation, by a man of bad character, and the last r
year not a move (that I can hear of) has yet
the been made by the constituted anthori- Reyear
aver ties, or by the citizens to arrest him. I Solvh I
mo- have heard the facts front several sources, by W. H
ople about as tollows: made wi
, or A negro living in the neighlborhood, which I
kety (Sandy Creek) frequently passed Mrl whte
Dixon's and provoked his dogs for his ti said
amusement, and to the anneoyance of Mr. Resod
Dixon, ou the day previous to the mur- publish
a the der, this negro had indulged in his ysual near 18
pasime, and Mr. D. went out and at- o Sate
tempted to chastise him, the negro in his the ala
etfert to escape dropped his hat, Mr. D. Resole
sola- took the hat to his house, that night journ, a
to by George Howel, a young man living at ourt.
SMr. ounghlood's," caIme and demande.d
anthe bht; Mr. D. refused to give it up,
n savtng that he wished to see the negro A trll
g n aganlu, Hlowet replied he should see hta,
gitn for he, Hlowel, would bring the negp to
Ild it him the next day. Accordiugly on 31on
I that dlay morning., Howel and the negro ap
d he peared at Mr. Dixon's gate. Mr.D.
elec- wfnt out and began taiking to the ne
t.gro in a cahu mUanner, advising him on
the inipropriety of his conduct, when
s of Howel interposed; Mr. D. said to him
cry a that he was doing wrong, whereupon
tpbe- Howel replied, I'll shoot you, and drew
men- his p stol. Mrs. Dixon on hearing the
're threat, attempted to prevent its execu
f the tion, but tidiled. Howel tired and shot
o alh Dixon through the lower end of the
heart. Dr's- J. H. Word and S. J. Smart,
heni were sent for at once, but Dixou only
o .say lived a short titme. This cowardly mur
are of der was perpetrated in a thickly settled
notl's) eighborhood, and I am told that Howel Gran
set-to did not leave the vicinity for an hour or
I l bm more after committing the deed, and is
thought now to be within a days ride of
thet grave of hi" vietin,.and et we have
y pass officers.ih Vernon parish
i - The health of our country tolerably
Some good, though there is. some Pnenmonia,
ay and and of a severe type. Several of our
iedol citizens have been-summoned to New
O it is Orleans in the Wells andl Anderson case,
ent is the Clerk of thtbe Cosrt; W. H. $mart, and
the Sipervisot of' elections, ot 1876, Bev. L
a fortyThomas Franiklin, among them.
will be Yours truly, VERNON.
y esthe VERNON_
ornioad FASHIO'N AND OTHER ITEIS.
o mfort Thle flowing train supersedes the
fan train.
Sagn mauffs are adorned with mono
grams.
tniking One of thle novelties is the brocaded
ly n fa ribbon.
ee have The square Richelieu collar is just RI(
ig men impErted.
thca Coronet bonnets are more popular G
t'ingup thian ever.
Say--is Rich brocadeshave a basis of sil
Swenas- ver or gold threads.
W. Car Klt %kirts are worn by ladies, D
heir con- girls and small boys. wil
a toit. Ladies' leather belts are studded St'
rrasons with steel nil-heads.
nators of New fichus are of crepe lisse, and
re w hy a have long square fronts.
alleds The newest designs for brocaded e
tahgs the silks replresent small fans.
Ivory-tinted or ecru antique da
S masked table linen is sought for. o
Moss green with sky blue is the
"] stylislh combination of colors.
is subject Cuinchilla is the fashionable for
1 earnest. and, ptrange to say, it is not costly.
alation orn The latest seal skin jackets are in -
a St.Lois the oshape of the English cut away
Cour t de coats.
nulll aid New handkerchief or glove boxes
ooulihn- are of black leather, with handles. 1,
Ilars, paid Black velvet buttons boots are tie a
Stae, be latest style for ladies' walking shoes.
Y r eturned Kioto ware is being sold to eager
and uonwary purchasers as valuable
in parish, Satsaoma.
i reference Very low-necked dresses ueat in a
bi Bl V at the back, are in fashion for ball
re into the dre esa t dresses a sue n
oldStat Empress pers
old t reb- the princess style--in the natural line
same. The of promotion.
ss Teainly The few bows of ribbon ora on
Sscern pal the left side of the'waist are called
afare and in- Chatelaine bows.
proverislhed Beaded trimnmings cover evening
izen of our dresses, makiig them look as if stad
shbotd eiu c ed with jeWels.
P R 0 C EEDIN US Proceedlings
OF TIlE
S C II ()OO L II OARD ), On W'ft.nest
Mayor auul Cl
NATCHITOCHES PARISH. o's office, at
- Present :-(
Pursuant to previous notice given by II. Carv.er, L.
the President, the ollard met one Monday G W. . Inuca
the 4th day of February, inst. The mninnte'
Present, HI. I. Hathorn , ]. F. H:InI- red ad and
niett N. P. Mletoyer, Richard Faulkner, The city ,1
and William H. Jack. W. A. Ponder, of the sale of
Psresident, absent oil account of sickness. 1878, which I
On motion to that efttect, R. E. liam- iproved by the
mett, was unanimonsly elected 'as tempo- tows:
rary President, wherenupol the Board )r.
opened its session. To amount oi
On motion, it was Resolved, That the Cr.
Sunexpended apportionmenlt for the year By ain't warr
t 1877, amnonting to the sum of $339-' 82, over to thI
after deducting contingent expenses, or Itlattice due
so much thereof as may be necessary, be 'The City (
paid over to the Teachers of the several port for the n
Wards, according to the number of pu- report was e
pils tanght by themt, and the nt mounts the Finance
s apportioned to the respective Wards illn
s compensation and discharge of their ser
a vices as Teachers during said year, 1177. To AIn't of 1
s provided that in no case shall the salary, collected d
so to be paid, exceed $50i) per motnth, or January, 1
he less than $:!0 per month and provided
further, by unanimnous consent of the lBy this an't
Board, that Ward 2, he excepted from the Jo per cent
operation of this ordinance, and others
)on the sa;llle sulject Imatter.
*l Resolved further. That William H. Jack,
if Secretary, A. E. Lemee. Treasurer, and To ain't of '
n Henry Levy Director, w, and they are
e hereby coinstitutedl ad appointed a spe- is ai't
cial C(omnaittee to make such apportion- By this n
mont of the funds on hand t,. the several 10 per cent
Wards as they may be entitled under the Am t t'e Ci
rule of apportionenllt heretofore adopt- " C
ed, and to make settlement with the
3J Teache rs for the balance due them, as The petiti
e, provided in the foregoing ordinance. inthe regar to
r Resolved, That A. E. Lemee, Treasn- the eaotir 1
ie rer, be reimbursed such moneys as.lie o tiolby
re may have expended, or may hereafter ordainoed by
q expend in insuring money packages froll f n llabit
time to tilme, forwarded trom New Or- Dollarsnl, be
leans to this place, for account of the for the 1pay
y School Board, to be charged to account nountr, tao I
of Contingent fund. d livr, as st
ve Resolved, That after the Teachers for d livtered ai
the year 1877, have been fully paid the t ,e City Ci
balace due on their salaries in p.rsn The petalt
aance of the R solution to that effect. to tle descl
Should a surplus remain in any one or City Table
more of the School Districts, the Secre- three lots
tary is hereby authorized to continue in was read tit
force the Schools as established in said Tlie petit
Ward or Wards or to cause new ones to City taxes
be opened and carried on until said rest- ety forme.
due may be exhausted. whereupon the chaLrd and
of said Schools shall be su11spenled. The cwa r
t^; Resolved, That the following claims The cell
by against the Board he, and are hereby ad- Wahnsley,
ue mnitted and ordered to be paid by the 1876 as I
eo- Treasurer. approved t
the Account of J. P. Johnson, Parish Assessor, A. Perin
es- for books furnished the Board, $2 50 On mloti
and Balance due James H. Cosgrove, Council ad
oen for publishing proceedings of meetiig.
Ave School Board. as per contract, 21 50 (Signg
Accohnt of J. H. Cosgrove, for AttA
bet - publishing call to holders of Jons L
sly warrants to present same to A tr
- Treasurer, $9 00
last The first two items to be paid out ol
the contingent fund proper for 1877, and
a the last out of funds collected for previ
e otis years.
R, solved, That the Map of . public
Scholm Lands, prepared and submitted
es, by W. H. Boullt in pursuance of contract
mnade with the Parish Attorney, and for
od, which he acknowledges receipt of ade
r w quate compensation, be aceepted, and
fh. the said contract in all respects ratified
o Resolved, That the Committee of Three,
sur- publish a call fir all the Teachers for the Corner
dat- year 1877, to assemble at Natchitoches, N
n his on Saturdlay, the 16th inst., to receive
r Dthe balance due them on their salries.
ihD. Resolved. That the Board do now ad
g at journ, subject to the call of the Presi
ded lent. WILLIAM IIH. JACK,
Sup, Secretary.
egro A true copy from the minutes.
o, WaM. H. JACK, Secretary.
m on .-AND
hili GRAND ECORE
dlrew Wholes
We weekly Packet! H*E
f the
umort, cookini
ymur- FOR hlanf
settled Ware
Bowel Grand Ecore, A lr
and or an- I
ie of Montgomery, eUi
to have Alexandria, cutde
Feb
imi, ~N orma n's,
to New Barbins,
,AND AL WAY LANDINGS.
THE STEAMER
h e moo- NEW
ooaded BART ABLE:
is just RICHARD SINNOTT,-t- ...Master.
opopular G C. HAILTON,. ..........Clerk
oof sil
All Freight consigned to Steamer BART
Sladies, BLE, er Agentd Capt . R. W. Adams,
will be forwarded free of Drayageor of
studded Storage* wh
Leaves New Orleans every Saturday ato
5ie, and P.M. CO
Leaves Natclitoches and Grand Ecore, the
oadreturning, every Tuesday, at 12 M. -
Leaves Alexandlia, returning, every
te d Wednesday, at 12 M.
ile d For Freight or passage apply on Board,
Sfor. or to her Agents,
a is t ie R W. ADAMS, 21 Commercial Place
table for JULES MESSI, Grand Ecore, La.
costll. Feb. 9-1y.
I are in
cut away ESTIMATE CITY EXPE1$SES.
oxe Be it ordained by the Mayor and City
e boxes Council of Natchiteehesu, That the fol
ndles, lowing estimate of expenses of the City F
ta tare the of Natchitoehes, fort the "ioal year 1878,
iug shoes. suabittd by the Treasnrer, of the City
foresai-f year, be published for the time
I to e ager and in the mannlet required by law, to
Svaluable wit:
ctin Salr of Secretary & reasurer200 00
n for ball  of City Marshal 400 00
. d Bridge and Street Fund 100000
Snstainmett of Paupers 30000
speraedlig ContingentFund 30000
natural line *
- $2450.00 I
t a;e called FORS.A. E.
(NE Second band Engles Jobber, .it
er evening good candition. For Terms and price
aifstd- ap lyto E, C. PALMER & CO.
• Feb. 2.tf New Odelah, La.
Proceedings of the City Countcii of
Natchitoches.
On Wedllesday, February (th,187, , the
Mayor anld City Council inet at the May
or's otfice, at 7 o'clock, p. ii.
Present:-C'. . liran lrt, Mayor, M.
II. Carver, L. Culs:pi, 11. M. Levy and
(.G. W. Duncan. Absenlt, C. J. Slmilh
The mintI1tes of the last mlectig were
read and and on mnot ih doly appr'ved
The city Marshal iresented his epo:rt
of the sale of tihe City Ferry for the year
IN 78, which report was examined land ap
- proved by the Finance Committee, as fol
f ows:
it Dr.
To umount or sale of Ferry...... $425 00
e ('r.
r By ain't warrants this day tnrned
over tl th1e ('ouicil..........426 94 .
o (Balance due MeCook.... .... $1 94
The City Collector suiiiitt,'d his re
1 pIrt for the mouth of.lanulary, 1878 n" hich
- report was exaliedtl aindl approved by
the Finance Committee, viz:
Dr. (U. S. C.)
. To ain't of Taxes and ficernses
collected durinlg the mollth of
º Jantuary, 18i8, in U. S. C..... $35 17}
Id Cr.
yc Iy this ani't turned over in U S C $31 6e'e
e 10 per cent coiu'sn on $35.17} 03 57
Total .. ....$35 171
k, Dr. (Warrants,)
& To ain't of Taxes collected......$197 32
- ('r.
By this ain't Warrants turned in $168 03
al10 per cent colt'n on $197 32.. 19 73
he Am t due Collector on .l:n. report 9 16
" City by Collector .....
ht- Total...... $197 3
as The petition of J. P. Johnson, Assessor,
in regard to nmaking a City Tableau for
. the year 1878. was read andli
le On motion and dutly seconded. Be it
tr ordained by the Mayor and City Conun I
of Natchitoches: That the su8n of Si> y
)r ollars, be and is hereby appropliatet.
ibe for lthe paymen' t of a City Tableau. Said
mit amount to be paid to J. P. Johnson, As
nessor, as soon as said Tableau will be
for d -livered nd and examined and approved by
the t le City Council.
SThe petition of Mrs. J. McTyer relative
!ct. to the description of her property on tl e
i. City Tableau and the sepllarationl of t;he
e- three lots impre Ilrly describecd thereon,
was read and rejected.
aid The petition of H. McKenna for relief of
to City taxes due for the year 1873, on prop
e erty formerly owned by Mrs E. O. lan
the chard and now owned by said H. McKeu
na, was rejected.
ims The certificate of election of H. B.
ad- Walmsley, as conuissionuer of election)
the 1876, was rejcted.
The FinanIce C lommittee examined and
approved the following account.
sor A. Perii $17.25 in Warrants $17 25
On motion and duly seconded. The
Council adjourned until its next regular
meeting.
1 50 (Signed) C. F. DRANGUET,
Attest: Mayor.
Jous LAPLACE, Secretary.
A true copy, Feb. 7, 1878.
JoniS LAPILCE,
t ol Secretary.
HENRY GENIUS,
Worker in Tin, Copper and
SHEET IRON.
Corner Front and Trudean Streets,
NATCHITOCIIES, LA.
- - 1
Wholesale and Retail dealer in all kinds of
HEATING AND COOKING STOVES
and sole agent for the celebated champlon
CHARTER OAK
cooking stove. All stoves sold at man
ufacturer's prices with freight added.
Manufacturer of plain and fancy Tin
Ware Metallic roofing, etc., etc"
A large and select stock of Tin Ware
anl House Furnishing good on haud
GUTTERING. ROOFING. and all uuan
ner of Job, Tin and plumbers work exe
cutde with dispatch.
Feb. 9 '78-ly.
I r05 dCre for iCatrrh will not
instantly e r eiri ve and speed- 100
tir ily ,cenIre. Referenoes,
Henry Wells, Esq., Wells
Fargo & Co., Aurora, N.
lardy F ; owetinuuht Asorts. fowe 91.00
A hundred outer thifiSS cheap.
F or a Na 'lattoS, Gren. 2th -
ecu, St. Louis Testim.ni
als and treatise by mil.
O halert, . Sold overy
where. WEEKs & POTTER, Proprie
SThat. SanBord'o Radical
Inter. $50 Care for Catarrh will not
instantly relieve and speed
ler LIN ly cVOLTAI Pre References,
Henry Wells, Esq., Wells
Fargo & Co., Aurora, N.
For a Case Y.; Win. Bowen, Esq.,
MPeattora , Gl t r Bow
BART eu, St. Louis Testinloni
dams THE and treatise by maRil.
age oi CtaUh Price, with Improved in
haw Orler, $L. Sold vegts.ry
day at EEfKS & POTTER, Proprie
BEATTY, Woas.hingto, N.J.
COI IN'S VONOTIC PLASTERS are
Ecore, thef an ordinanofthet.
every NIARSDEN'S .
Bod, d of Pectoral Ball er
SCity unpaid School Warrants for
the f- New Orleansto me, Lat., Sole gts.o
e or City FO SALE B ALL DUGary next,
he order that the l price $90 ajnst
l aw, to- from the apporomt of tiee
price ar975 only A103. Paper free. ,
. Ban 26-f S roas. 8D hool r ,a, l .