JAS. Hi. tOSGROVE, .... iter.
NATCHITOCHEt
SA'TURDAY - - -- agir"a , Pit3
Advertlng Kates.
I qa 8nm 4 4 50 a$ 6 5 N 10 ( 15 IN .2 00
2 Pqusrnl... 7 o0 0 00 15 0 2) 00 2I 5 00
3 squaro,... 1000 13 Onl 00o 25 003000
4 squares... 1400 1 (1 2 200 :t1 00 35 00
, qnnare... 1700 O41 27 00 35 00 4000
' 0 ar:s... 1.00 2400 31 00 40 4500
7 Anores... 2 700 7 3 00 3 00 o70 00
8 qullareo... 20 n 30 00 4000 65 on 8 00
10 squares... 30 00 35 0 57000500
15 squaire,... 4 00 60 00 70 00 100 00 125 00
20 squnare... 631( 00 90 0045 00 15000
Trnsieut advertisements $1.50 per square of
10 lines rrvior. first insrrtlon. Each snbre.
quent insertion 75 cents per square.
OVR ,503 PFICgB i supplied with a
treat variety or type. and work In this depart.
mont performed with neatness and at moder.
ate prices. .
Terms. CAUE on delivery of work.
Rates of Sul.aeription.
One (ep one year .................3... .00
One Copy six montha ....................I 50
(Payable in advance.)
Notice to Coutributors.,
N'o commnnicationn will be published
nnless auebnmpanied by the anthor's real
name. But one side. of the siet. to be
written upon when sent to as for inser
t ion.
Articles to he short and to the point,
to have attention.*
These are outr rules and they must be
strictly adhered to.
The name of no candidate will he
anuouneed through the columns of
this paper unless accompanied by the
cash. No deviation froim this rule.
--,I04I--------------~
DISTRICT 'AND SENATORIAL Con
vEosTiONS.-We would urge upon our
sister parishes of De oto, Red River
and Sabine, the necessity of'sending
delegates to the District' and Senato
rial Conventions to be held at PLEAS
AN T HILL, DaSoro Pajpsa, as this is
the most central location where, ae
comnmodation can be had for Dele
gates, and we would suggest
MONDAY, SEPT., 7TI, 1874,
as the day upon which the Conven
tion should asse ible. Red River
parish has already responded to the
call for Pleasant. Hill, what say Sa
bine and DeSoto.
White men remember that the
Registration office opens. on UMon
day, 31st inst.
SPORT, EXEaCIsE AND HaLmT.-A
Ten-Pin Alley has been put up in St.
Denis street, by Messrs. Smith & Col
lier. The cool weather will soon be'
upon us, and the healthy sport 'can' be
indulged in by all those who are fond
of the game. From our sanctum we
daily hear the victorious crle of spare,
ten-atrike, "hurrah 1' Bob, set them
up again.".
IVEATHER,AND CROPs.-The clouds
which were lazily. sailing ever..our
heads, for several days last' wek,
finally camne down in n a'good, heavy
rain, of three or'fonr hours' duration.
It was geberal throughtot the Parish.
The cotton crops in sandy lands, has
already done its. eet. But in stiff
lands, the forms are no longer shed,
and the cotton on those lands, 'with
favorable weather, will continue to
make, until,frost. The yiel4, in this:
parish, will be from one haltfto three'
fifths of a fall crop. The corn drop
will average tao-thirds.
THE Arranr.--For fall particulars
of that affair which were written on
Sunday, the day after,twe refer our
readers to another eblumn.. Since
then, we have been reliably informed
that Van Desen has asked to be per
imitted to leave the parish, unmolest
ed, and he is :gone. This feet ltoves
that he kneu thMlt the. ~tizbnat is
' tht hea l 0 waaI ',4t b9tto of 1 a
fair, and that he could not be allowed
to remain in Opr umiddt any logger:
Noe have .eoen, Iverdict of the
Jury, summounl to examine ainte the
' facts conbeeted with Bel'sdeath, ftad
it end's 'With the followbg words :
"The Corprie asad Jipr . of this in.
quest ind, that ano gilt attaches to
any particunlarper~rson,"
Rapides Agricultral.Fair Al ciatieu
will open its second Grand Fair to
the public, anerrarl~oadria, oa W$
Snesday, the 1th 4* of Otober aemt
and continue tb feour days ' Evey
- branch of induty pan o,~ seqefaeqt
ed, sandempete for preladum, whid 4
indeadp are very: li.beral.: Th6  Rpt
alans Mr"o iealsf M tIn 'Rieg
Exhibitions of that kind csanoia';
too oftsn given. They' excitel'emural.
tiod ;'ama are a' en6rm rt'
every o~e to do 1. t n qwi
be turns hI attention to; make his
s,*eu knos .h . h* o(h.a  "
it to him. ,8q eshibiLtuasaheal
be helde l at the Parish, seat of
every paih mthe State. Particular
atteotion is called to, thd pmamimo "of
S$2000to be awarded bon the tat 'disy
of the Fair.
It Must be so; Plato, &c.
There is no doubt of it. The peo.
ple are determined, The citizene of
Natehiteches are right. They utter
ed the truth and showed foresight,
wisdom and patriotism, 'when they
declared in Conventilai assemblei':
"That in the opinion of this Conven
tion, representing the people of the
parish of Natchitoches, opposed to
Radicalism and its ascendancy in Lou
isiana, wpon the white men of the State
alone, devolves the salvation of the
State; and that this can be accom
plished by the $ariirntatin unia and
concert of the conservative elements
of the people of Louisiana." That
resolution' has the ring of the true
metal in it. No dross, no alloy, no
base substance to be used in our po
liticnl weapons, for "the redemption
of Louisiana from the corrupt usur
pation which oppresses the State."
And why ? Because the Radical
party have forced it upon us--be
cause for the last eight years we have
talked, reasoned, argued with the
colored race; we have warned them
against- the machinations of vicious
and designing men, whose only par
pose it was to use them as easy dupes
and willing tools, for their own ag
grandizement, and the ruin of the
people of this State, both white and
coloered. And what has been the re
sult ? They have turned a deaf ear
to our appeals; they have laughed
our arguments to scorn; they have
spit upon our patriotic etideavora;
they have formed their loyal and their
black leagues; they have abused theli
right f suffrage; they have takes tad
vantage of their numerical strength
to pat in power, all -over the State,
bad men with bad hearts; in tomi
nating, electing and maintaining in
office, ignorant,' witked and dishonest
men, knowing them to ibe such; and
have thus rnined the State, and made
it what it actually is, "an almmina
tion of desolation."' Have they, as a
class, been benefited by it? No. It
is evident that' they have reaped no
good from such conduct. They are
in a worse condition now, than they
were in 1868. -They have forfeited
the white man's conidence, and that
is a great loss. They are worse off
in substantial means, for they have
caused the impoverishment of the
State and have become poorer with it.
Worse 'of in charsater, for they have
shown to the people of the North, as
well as to the people bof the South,
that if they have caused these fiapd
through .uisorasee, then they ws,
sot yet ,1 to enjoy this It ab1e
right 'of suffrage; or if the"
acted, knowingly, and therefors,
through 'wickedness, then they are still
more to'be blamed, and stillt mole
unworthy of that acred right, Which
ever it may bq, the effeoti:;ppon the
entire people of this State, hve been
the same: degradation, poverty and
oppression.
In a few years, with'the help ofthe
colored race, the Radical part h'ave
ran us' into a debt exceedinog Afty
millions of dollars, with nothing to
show for it, and bare made this once
glorious fabric ofa State, a den of
wretchedness, Cniqqity and wee.
their watabwordshbave: been, down
witb'h Stheoherner; low with the
white race; down with' the dmned
rebel. We will mak .hlmrbite the
duat; we will take everythinghe has ;
we will make his home a wilderness,
and'hbidlf a wain4erer, a stranger
and a paunper, in bin own land and
among lhi own people; and the in
efablejoy and delight to be felt in
out heartS, will be sre than ample
esatisfaction for whatevee' ay befll,
us hereafter. The whites want jus
tie and right9 Let us givr thema ii
qully and wrog. Theya ish for or
tlpe.~prchy and rain? They ask
friendship hnd a brothethood of In
terest?, It BLI&~iv6 them deadly
hate and the l4dck leagjs.
.tho.e haI ,, bees tim sentimets
and acts of the adieal party; thdes
the caul s'*ib~lik haed gieln neise t.
the ItsMan's par '.They orgi.i
ied fbo 'opproeion ,ad rwte; We
irll erganii the relief and economay.
whit pS41i,. We wll . w p op the
- Whbw take the goierpinei
m *o wt,~,,p,,, ,. stand by,
and io rsa u atwa, aeto by thef' La
cad iolo raes;4 thYi hr wr id a1e
this StsWt. aterre(ir~i~) Nrili; amdi
IqI and biehblg , ue5a1e *ostaa pIr
as ever. But, hilet it be resena
bered bhyte speliohil that ltis ar
Iesmertbdeaily thab le oonsttabut;
thattlie'nrm 'stbnd6s anad su
lime work, s pl e acas be nasse a
bep.of rains in a few hosre by the
hand of ignorance on' icrfkednes
but that it requires months, years and
sometimes centuries of patience, sac
rifice, intelligence, labor and wisdom,
to rebuild them again as they were.
Let it be known now and forever,
that the white people are going to
take charge of this State. Let it be
known that we are after two sets of
men; the corrupt and ignorant, to
keep them out of olgee; the honest
and competent, to put them in. This
is the aim; the sole purpose of the
White League. We do not intend to
war on the colored race, or on any of
their. rights; but we do intend and
are determined, to pet a stop to their
doing us any further harm.
If they join us in our Wfork of re
form and regeneration, well and good;
they will partake of the glory of its
achievement, as well as share in its
benefits. If they decide otherwise,
we care nA. Our plans are formed,
our determination as firmly fixed as
the mountains of the earth. We will
entreat them no tore. Unless they
show their good intentions by their
deeds, as they hire shown their evil
ones, by their fruits, thlem and their
promises we will no lodger teed.
The Iron-G'rays..
It is a filct well known to the pe-.
ple of Louisiana, that among her
citizens who hare been heretofore op.
posed to Radical principles and cor
raption for the last six year, there are
some -few who seem to disapprove,
ridicule and discountenance the unit
ed movement of the honest white
people, against the ignorant, nnseru
pulous and thieving :hords who have
Infested and desolated tbis' State,
more effectually, than the plagues of
Egypt, the kingdom of the PharBohs. 1
They take their cue froam a portion
of thqe Bepublican press of the North,
which is now uttering woful forebo.
dings,.that the White League move
ment, must inevitably lead in Novem
ber next, to Ku-Klux outrages, to be
reprolated by every good citizen in
the land ; that no good can result to
the South from such exhibitions of
bitte9neas, hatred and froeity, against
a patty almost exclusively composed
of ignorant negroes, it is true, but
still, of citizens whose right to vote
is oo secured, that it cannot be safely
denied. Now those men know that
each are not the intentions of the
white movement here. 'They ought
to know, and will know, that we do
not intend to be interfered with by
any, oneresiding here or elsewhere,
as to the amanner qf condeudhg g uao
litlisdaul g A, ad ofaridang our
State of the upisereant scoendrels,
who have been fattening already toe
long on the peopleb life blood.
t'hoso wavering, timid, snail-paced
eitizens can hardly be classif8ed. We
know not to which of the political
parties in te field they belong. They
are not precisely for the blacks; they
are not exactly for the whites; they
are staggered, and seemn to be for a
mixture of both; iti' and pepper
statesmen; the Irot-Grys ino Lotsi
a-aS plitics-an Iptis and tormented
likO. a woman in labo,, they kpnow
not whether they are to be delivered
of ra bior a girl, 6f twins or triplets.
It seems to us..ta.it they are standing
upon a neutral platform, with a bland
and multifarious smile on their lips,
'fondly hoping f6r something to turn
up, so a, to obtain an ooiMal euom
from the one side, forgivenaess from
the other, and the support' of both
for something ale in the end. Well,
that is ntew trick ; but it is not as
good as new. With either party there
is but one politidl ereed, oatside of
which bo one ma have the hope of
salvation,  or mf aything else. No
eonsideration forhliah who is "nether
fbsh, flesh, noefowl." He cannot be
looked upon a s; partSymniian who is
neflithr an 3ypernon nor a'i asIr.
There bi no middle; cburse. lie miust
be one thing or the other-s iman in
the true sens e'of tihe word, or a'elf
infuUo-is villair. : ..
The w 'mi ian's party s etor
.lined to resque Louisiana froma the
pointing embraces of such a hybrid;
park W.f liereua :ilmap as Kellogeg,
Packard, aimre inip lhbacl, Dibbl,
C ",y, Dubn~cle, Pd tbeir follower.,
whjg were condelved in sli, brought
f ati n pollutio, atned uloy fithb
, tiowto tworl4 ,4. what ,depth of
;aonaptionf disas c md infam ,hbu
mai lntuve'eas nteti'when'thiis esh"
ais weat ta fle,, n t. !11
t .i .,knpwas, o mbor aMl a
we tItadAto eleua bat thiat angesa
to tuaftrn ieaef liqid five theu
It, despite4t1h slner of the rtdiital
Pre, the altolltfty of the ;ne' ie
son of seJlawasg, sd t resatkeasus
of Ienmyra :ys '. ' . :
Sp,,WhiteMf n do not fait to
Registber. '
Civilization Va. Barbarism.
We wish to address ourselves to all
the `itnest, candid, patriotid citizens of
Loulkiana. Weae rgoMlng pat sev
eral practical questions to tdh)i, which
we intend to answer fairly, openly
and squarely. We take it for grant
ed that all voters in this State are a
political family, whose duty it is to
deliberate, counsel, act and 'devise as
to the best means of redeeming our
State frqm its present condition of
ruin and desolatiotn. With what mo
tires do we intend to go into the
coming political campaign t That is
the first question. We intend to put
an end to the corrupt and venal gov
ernment of the last eight years-we
intend to keep bad, incompetent, and
corrupt men out of ofice, and put
good, capable and honest men in.
How are we going to effect this ? By
selecting and voting them in, of
course. But, before we select we
must look for and find them. How
and where can we find them ? By
selecting them among the whites
why t Is it because of prejudice of
race, colhr, of previous coneadition?
because of enmity and injustice to
wards the colored race f Great God
no! Our platform ofpriuciples adopt
ed in Convention on 15th inst., con
tains the following words: "We re
cognize and shall faithfully uphold
all the constitutional and legal rights
to which the.colored citisens of this
State are entitled, yet we are firmly
convinced of their incapacity to per
form the duty of legislrtors, and to
fill the important offices, executive
and ministerial, which are necessary
in the enforcement of laws, and man.
agement of public affairs; and we
believe that .the prosperity and ii.
proresmest of the colored people then
selroe, will be promoted by the restor
ation of the government and of these
offices, to their more intelligent, ex
perienced and competent white fel
low-citizens."
It is, then, because the one race is
superior to the other in point of edu
cation and capacity--because, with
the colored race in this State, eduea
tion and capacity are the exception;
whereas, with the white, race, they
are the rule. Because "leisur 'is s
sential to mental culture, sincs edu
cation is a work of time and labor."
He who devotes time as - leisure to
the improvement of his .mind, must
hiiuself have, or' his parents must
have for him, a certain degree of com
petency for his support, whilst he is
tins engaged. "We, therefore, look
for little or no cultivation of mind In
those who lead lives of manual toil,
and who, during the brief moments
all:oed for recreation and rest, are so
fatigued, as to be incapable of sustain
ed mental effort." Thlis is the pres
ent condition of the colored man in
the South. .If he stops in his labor,
he stops his means of subsistence.
He has, therefore, scarcely any ed
ucation, and is atterly unfit to legis
late for, and :oero the people of this
State., He must be edcated bifoue
he can be elevated-time alone cap,
gahieve that. The present genertiosi
ecannot affrd it The next, witb.tlhie
greatest iodustry and economy, eal
only prelpare the way for the one fol
lowing.
Now it is ouseles to enquire who is
to be blamed for this. Thia enquir~
will not, and candot remedy themi4
fortune. We must take the races
they are; we must grapple with factS,
as we fad them. I:
Every man ot common ense knoIras
that te.Caucasian race is superior t
every other race in tntellHgece, ad
in the eldevement of Wbht is ttl
great and good. As, the snow4
ped sumnqit ofr that noble chain pt
mountains, whih belt this coatiaeist
tfroa the Canada line to't e be'
extremity of Patagoni) l teim rnzis
they are:struck by the torrid rays .
a summer's suaan, elt sad disole
maorgstic rivers, spreadig severywhrg
in the valleys below, feshness, feb
tility, abaundanese; :population an
wealth; so does tI ' aesian
opupying ths siperior ranku
the raees of men, rhbea.quickeni ed
the emnlighteblng thys of thme so
koolt ,lgenow l dg e mie ast., aStJ
foiar,; thq Myte. sd spiea po
rw aPd ,civillstionm., It .ha but
appt andm populous acitesg
stinti s and mighty kjMrlagg a
empires spring ,ap,..as by echat
memutand happieses, prO8jr
gleataess, sareseesr~b & feltet evro
:We call the sttentim of ouar eale
la pofesto nal t'ar thirogh the Pr,
ishes o rCaddo api Jlosfter, but wilt
Itway tlhgsateatipeadei ofis this
at Shreveport. HeIo bai e tile,.
perleease Doutlif.SI has giv geas,
'tl stisfaetres to his ipattentsis tbid
The Affray on Saturday.
A little after noon, on Saturday
last, four colored men were playing a
gane of eards, known as Old Sledge,
at Wesley Shepard's,. a colored man's
ralooo, on Horn street. Dave Sharp
and Alfred Bell, were pitted against
James Revels and Peter Williams, at
a bit a side. The two former are re
sidents of this city, and the latter
hail from Ward 3, whence they were
driven, some ten days previous, by
the threats of bodily harm and even
ofdeath, on account of their ante.rat
ical principles, by a set of colored
men, instigated and upheld by a Car
pet-bagger from Massachusetts, Van
Duasen by name, and a Justice of the
Peace of the said Ward. A quarrel
sprung up between Alfred )Bell and
James Revels, for the enormous sum
of thirty cents, whilch the former
claimed of the latter. Woyds ran
high and Mr. Sheppard put fti out
of his establishment, and told hU emi
tosecttle their difaellty is the street
if they had a mind to, where the police
could see and hear them. As they
walked out, Peter Williams remarked
that it was not worth the while to
fight about such a small sum of mon
ey; pulled out a fifty cents bill, band.
ed it to Sharp, Alfred Bell's partner,
who took it and handed back the
change. Alfred Bell continued the
dispute, accused James of being a
swindler, said he could whip him in
four minutes. The lie was given,
and the party went down the river
bank, at the foil of Horn street, to
settle the matter in a hand to hand
encounter.
Alfred Bell struck first and the
combatants clinched. James retalia
ted by striking his antagonist over
the head with the barrej of his pistol,
and they both came up the bank ears
ing and fghting.
Whilst this Qsticuff wits going on,
Charles Bell, colored, Alfred's broth
er, came up, jumped on a citizen's
horse, galloped home; returned in an
instant with a revolver in his hand;
exchanged a few blows, with Peter
Williams, and commened firing on
the whites. Now, up to that morent,
not a siigle white man had interfered
nor breathed a word. Charles Bell
walked up to within a few feet of two
peaceable, unarmed white citizens,
Mtessrs,-McD. Scarborough and Chas.
A. Bullard, who were standing to
gether and looking on; raised and
pointed his pistol at Searborough,
saying at the same time: this is the
s--- of b--- who convicted me;
snapped two caps at him,, and dis
charged the contents of the three re
maining barrels of his revolver at
Scarborough and Baullard, but luckily
missing'4hem. Mr.-Scarborough was
a member of the Jury, who convicted
Bell of the brutal crime of maiming
and disfguring a colored man, Shed
rick Brown, by biting off his noese,
when he, Bell, was on top, and a
much strager and -rtonter man than
Brown. -
As Bell came uip with his. ielc r;
paased by the Insa ird was 8bghting
with hisb broaer; truack but a few
blows at Williams, and commenaced
immediately his nmurdeol attack on
the whites, it is evident that this ae
groquarrel was butn'a excuse to In
augurabAhS .aue right here
in ourecty.- The whites became Just
ly aroused, armedi themselves, a4
some of the citisees pursued and slew
BelL May such he dil fa te
of all who attempt to bring aboat
sueh nsatroetaous, birrible and dam
nable a visitation, 6O this, oreon any
othei'aeamunity.
Valeoet erety, another. coloed
scoundrel who va scrdiet c n . -
sd wrikath&M opparwit oaiDdCbf the
dilalt,~te u ,ljthtMtdI ire
and fury,. ad .,ascourging Algll
Bell iad. others, against the sate;
radical colored men, the two Reveli
and Peter *llituise n took an ac
tire part in the masle, ad when the
friag commeasedatartsd down Front
street, saying that he had hit one of
them, sad was going down afterhbis
double barrelled shot gun to kill the
io 6f--s Those ars the plain an
vnraiabed factLos t this air, a we
pthered thes from eye-witneses;
as men of honor and veracity cannot
be questioned, and who took aspart
in the ~Ehay.
This.kind of bnusnes muist and
shall bestopped. The using of the
streets of our city as shooting gale
rt"aaadahuei hoings wtaigsei,
cannot bhe tolerted. ' :'
~owy w hat Is tl mssrerlao this
diary tesainp :and appeals to the
negres, of th aman Van Duq, and
his dril of tihemn for nao.oher par.
itaey tas, color and eaditiffolmhmust
ahdha4and ra together tptevent.
eI was hemr on the day pI ieoni, re
mainedlever until Saturday, and Wa,
seen getting out of town by a Lbck
street as the stray commenced. We
are not to be deceived. It was, with.
out any doubt, at hs instigation that
this bloody afray began between col
ored men, as a pretat to continue and
end s it didwwith a murderous a,
Salit on the whites. He knew his rues,
and bad chosen the most desperate to
carry out his nefarious designs. Bit
they were not backed. Like tb
suenm of the white race, who are tes
leading the deluded negro to his owh
4estrucetion in afairs of that k4l
begot out of the way and left
poor creatures to stand the brunt.
Citizens of Natchitoches pariA
see to it that this public enemy,
whose political thermometer for son,
time, has ran up to, and stands at,
212°, be arrested 'in his mad career.
Be active, be vigilant, be men. 1io
longer permit this lliliputian Cotitie,
to endanger the peace of this con.
mdnity, sad to threaten with Are and
arms, the lives ofis citizens. Make
it as hot for him as he has been ma.
king it for you.
_- ....~
Attentiop Citizens! Register!
By the published notice inserted in
another column, it will be seen that
the Registration oSte will be opened
in the parish from Monday, August
31st, until Friday, the S3d day of Oc
tober, inclusive. Bear in mind that
no one can vote at the cotning eleec
tion, unless he Registers at one of the
precincts named, and unless lie has
his registration papers with him when
he presents himself to east his vote.
See, whensou receive them, that they
are properly filled out, dated and
duly si ped. You must keep your
eyes andears open during this cam
paign. °It is a life and death strug
gle with us, this time. There must
be no lukewarmness, o balkinug, no
stragglers. Every one most be in
line, and answer to his name when
Louisiana calls on him. No ex
cuse will be accepted from the mere
ly unwell, the cripple, the blind, or
even from tottering old age. If one
cannot see, lead him; if he cannot
walk, let him ride; if he will not
ride, carry him; if he will not he car
ried, drag him to the Registration of
flee and to the polls. Vote, every
honest eitiser must, who is with us.
Let every one spare no time, no trou
ble, no means to stir up his neigh.
bors, and see that each and all do
their duty in that respect.
Organize your clubs in every ward.
hunt up every one who is for the
White Man's government in it; and
when you have found him, make him
a nmiber of your club. Keep a list
of names in every club, and send a
duplicate thereof to the Central Ex
ecutive Committee here. Inquire the
ages of all the whites in each ward,
and write down every one who will
be of age, on or before the 23d of Oc
tober. If he is of age on the last
named day only, let him be here, in
this city, to register. We rcanot af
ford to lose a sinagle vote through
negligence or indiffereence. Remem
ber that every vote we fail to cast,
aimount to two for the enemy; one
less for us, and one more for them.
Let every citisa onseider that the
salvation of Loalsina depends upon
his energy, his efforts, his patriotism
ad blsldividuat vote. If we aboruld
fail to carry the eleetimon by one ote,
and should find out the man of our
party, who eld have cast it, and
did not, we say, meet emphatically,
that that maE uld deserve death.
Our Asete Judg as a Blker !
a sUsrArnms 1 no0r wi me n aUAL
TwAr-. C.3TnWA~asu on wasE
.33s aorta Sa, Axnrosseu 133
We are iaformed that this astute
'lndividud al pge m gger Pleta a
toiih of lis magsp art ;aad paid his
passage, or mt shehast*hi L,,bty,
as hed generally paid the vraats
drawnn pon hli e Tre "s ouar
IScheol boaC d, with a 4'el1 to-mwtow
if youea plese? The agesat for the
Ibeat called at the City Hiotel, in New
IOdesua, ad enqauiring for the judge,
ithe clerk of the bhotel desired to know
Swhat he wanted with him, the agent
strated he:wish him to py $310 he
owed for pmssage down Red River.
The hotel mse then inaformed the
I agent that Judge Myers had "snaked"
out his baggage from the hotel anad
Sleft them ainus i bboard bill; and
that after a searubilag hbsut, had fail
ed to finad him aywhoere ia the city.
So the youna als goes for thems a
around. We would advise the Flebt
, ansd City Hotel to get apa Mas Meet.
I liag ad make the judge "fork ,ap,"
· asi we ca assaret them their money is
)1 s eat unslems the Nghtlhtgele rem
,edy is applied.
It is the duty of every wlhite
man in this parish, to Register.