() I' ," 1 ( I..\
Paprr oflhe Parish ani l('ily of nlr'hilthes
,.1s. II1. COllr )Vi', - • " l difor.
. .TiltiilY.,1 ---,- NJNE "A, 7.
1' oi 111 (Hri ( E) li't Sil)(ilt I 'l('e t his
week it wwi!l he scca that eveli
thus early (does lllltnt imuislter his
This is w'hait we exnpected; andl
starllin"g as this lnews is to all
loveIs il l)Cda'(e) We liii11t 1 ')lless
a certain pride inll the correctn'ess:
of our kiiowledlge of the chi;racter,
and Iprophe(y of the motlives aindl
anotioiins f lllmJt ill the f'riJare, as
judglcd Ib, his last .,l'condut.
The Inegro in louisiana has but
to lunde(lrstalnd(l one thing Iho)roullgh
l" to ble hfi all time contllentedll andl
haIppy. 'That e.xlerience, te It
ever so bitter, will be required, to
teach hint this one thing, our
knowl(edge of his cha:lra;l'tcr gi\'es
us the right to believe.
That one thing is, the DoMINAN
C( OF 'T.IlHE Will r'E RA('E.
It is utterly impossible Fo'
dreamers or theorists to cotlteuid
that Louisiani, or any other State
for that matter, can Ihe riled by
ai liixtilre of 'races, whlen those
races relres't'siit the extrel'mes ill
char'acter, class andl cast, as in
the white ant black races. The
bitter e(x''riencle of te('n yars is
an irrefiutablel answer to thet milk
sop who woul argue for any
other concluslion than thle cor
iplete dominance of the white race.
All iwhite men are a unit, how
ever, on that point, and the black
man must learn it sooner or later
-the sooner the better for him
and his. Blunt and his crowd
must know, and know fromn this
on, that the intelligent white rmian
intends to rule IAouisiana: in Camp
and Court, and that the last ves
tige of negro dominance must ie
stamped out. No white malin in
tends to deprive or curtail the nie
groes rights. Ile is a citizen he
ftre the law, and will be held and
esteemedl(l as seluch y the white
race. But there are pririlehge
whlich the whlite( race will never
accord an intferior race, and that
is the privilege to rue theim.
The neg'o (ot' courll'se we eak of
the masses) is ilot fitted by edlu
cation to rule himislf, nmuclh less
uis, and he has givenl amplle iand
sorrowful exaimple of the utmlost
of humanilil deplravity by a short
reign of ten years.
That ten years must not be re
pieated, inor will it he, unless iat
1bh c:(d of ar very- woeful struggle.
'ec proplos(, to miinister to the
wants of the negro, and we klnow
his wants, ill our own way. \Ve
understand tile relation h1 bears
to us, and we knuow full well what
our dluty to hin is. lie muist be
eilucateld mentally aind morally-
in flhct, he must be trained as our
own children, in order to lit him
for the dulnties of our citizenship
and our civilization.
The first step ini this advance of
the negro to the higher iplalne
must be his complete seeranclce
from such human scourges as
IBlunt. lie has lived hils day, and
it has been a said day for the blaclk
man, as time will yet d(cmonstrate
to his own 5?tisfh('tion. Blunt
Iars IdacId lhinself outside the
pale of mercy by a line of coitlilnet
brutally outrageous towardl tihe
whites, and rurinous to the Iblacks.
ioe has ino power niow. That ihe
has been completely shorn of by
ti-e inexoarable logic of eveolits, lind
that power the whites are deter
millned he shall e\'er again exer
When the bhlck melln, alnd par.
ticularly the black lreacliers and1
the hags that hang aronnd Bllnt,
and like the women of the days of
Terror in France, cry for blood,
learn this, as they will be made
to learn it, itheu we will hear no
more of this idiotic bombast of
"lpotecting Blhnt at all lhazards.'
Blst must remailn p'ofolndly
silent and distressingly still in this
parish for the filture, if not - ;
the preachers iowev'r, must at
once change their text.
The war news fronm Europe has be.
come terribly mixed;. in fact, the ter
riblt, Ittles,. bIlohty and sanguinary,
in which 7 Russians are wounded,
and the slaughter of the Turks is ter
rift, are becoming so numerous that
we cannot keep up with them. Nic
sie has been revitualed for the 55th,
time-and lthat accounts for the de
cline in flour-and tihe advance ia
cotton. \W thinik the Euiopean war
a dashed woro!
Have the Mighty Fallen ?
The many l ; al frielnds of Major
ii. I ...llearsey in thi:. section, and their
anie is legion, mte shoclked beyond
expltssioni to sce Inis unamce liguling
atong those of WarnmIth, Packard,
Kellogg and sllch cattle, u1)0 a re
crllllll'llll tiion to 11r. layes for Ithe
,aplo(illt nllc t of JIc', k W harton as 1'.
:4 . \ai.hal for the State of l.ollinllla.
Jack \lWharton is well knlown to the
s peolle of this State as a blackgnard
andI a hummer. lie has been hand
and glove a itll the worst eneiies to
our societil and race. lie consorted
itlh the knaves of the radical parlty
in l,ouisiana for a decade, and during
the la.it canvass did all he coul to
lPackard and his crew.
,Aid alijor llearsey rIecoIlnitlids
sdch i maln ais that ifor llappointlmelint !I
\'ie are astlisiiledil tlihat he s houtld
hI:ie descit'ldil fromn his high estate
to doi such a lisreputable thing. Mhalj.
Iliarsel has 1no righlit to lend Iis,
- name, tlhe holnored manie of the lead
iiing editor of the leIding le)niocratic
j oiurnal in this Statei, to the craving
llpetition for office of any radical inuch,
r less that of Jack W hartohin-a scal
is awag of low degree, a halir-room lpl
iticiai and i a swaggerliing blaicekgunard.
If Majior Iliersey had not Onsiulted
his cha:i table symplathies in this aimit
tet we feel asuliredl he would not hlave
t done this deed that llnrs his fair and
iuind Ihose stlinging lines pennied lby
his own\l hianld ino loinger ilago than the
Ilth of last i ntlih, in speaking oif the
appointlenllt by I;Hayes of eli n Blit
ler's lnephew Geo. II. lilter, who is of
til the same genus with Jack Wlhaton,
t' we must believe that lie never wouldI
have plhaced himself in a situation to
denmand this severe andl just ctriticismi.
S We beg Ito refresh Major lItetrsey's
- nemory and appenid the But lher 'sting,'
. with the sincere hope that the Major
will himself "''sin no more":
S "Sitlh condlet displays some qunal
ities in the signers of these letters
r which are not creditable to their main
e hood or morality. VWe are astound
Sid, aniid the whole counilry will be,
that gentlelmen of tlho high standing
i of S. S. ('ox and Milton Sayler could
lhave anllxed their signatulires to the
indor senient and recomnimendation of
0 so notorious a blackguard and con
v- veted rascal as this fellow Butler,
tand that in doing so they should have
lbettraied their real motiive to be a
I desiit to please and conciliate a man
(of the infainmy of lhenjamin F. itler.i
Aiid et such a manti could receive
an appointiiet to ani olfft of Iftrust
id unllder the government by an adin
e ist iation hic :iclcinims to have i iadle
civil serviee reform one of the lead
Sing tfatnies of its policy, and has de
r elared that no heed wonhl be given
to thlie recollmmendaltions of poiliticiansii
or memb ers of Conigress. And whait
I is worse than all, among those sign
I ing such reconnenlt dations are prolm
itetlit atl11 hno1e )Ii Demnocra s."
The iLoul AIa ,tate (lb(iit('r says:
Sthe lichannel thliroutgh the Jetties
miniy he 22 feet deep, but 1.1 yes
sels drawing from 18 to 21 feet
'ouhll not get through, The lna
, jority begin to believe that lthe
it jetity linsiess is onee ot the "l)ig
steals" from the goverilneuilt, which,
e will ldamage us grealltly without
iv doilig the inouth of the Mississip
epi lany good.
s When we ask Congress to as
t sist tus i coIIn structing legitimate
e public works, this very Eads Jet
- ty swindle will be thrown in our
r faces.
Governor iNicholils still contin
ttes to alppoiuit ai few lre liclanli to
offlice, andl as a general thing ihe
f manages to get the worst ones
that enu c be picked up. \\e do
not believe hle has ever appointed
a republican that could haveti been
s elected toi the ofHice by the" people
Slie is l)opulhrly Sulhiosed to Tepre.
lsent, even where there is a renpuli
lieasn mnajority.-La. State Regqisthr
S Collins seems to I)e exactly right
as usual, in such cases. Pinch
Sback, and such fellows ais Roxor
ougli, fir instirance. anht ! we get
sick every time we think of it,
There arecertain periods fraught wit
ildaner in w oltn's life when nature re
I 'quires assistance in sustaining the tax on
her vitality, and we know of no better
aid than h.ome Stomach Bitters.
"Many cases of fever and ague, dumb,
ague, and tongestive chills were prontly
rse arrested ad eirely banished, by the
I use olf your Shimons, Liver Regulator.
You don't say half enought in regard to
Sthe elicacly of your valuable medicine, in
casesotg of e, inteirmittent fevers, &.
Every case bas beeni arrested immediate
ly. Believe me. when I say, I was a
sufferer fr years with the Liver disease,
and only found relief by usiugyour medi
r icne. When your medicine is taken, it
seems to send a thrill though the ner
vous system.
"ROlER'T J. WEEKS, Batavia,
Kaue Co., Ill." *
Our odl triend John M. Scanland,
who has scotres of friends in our par
ish, sends us the first number of the
Daily Echo, of which lie is the Editor,
published in San Francisco, Cal
The EJhk is a sound Democratie pa
per, and we wish Johonie success in
his enteiprise.
George B. Johnson, late Audilor,
has been arrested for malefeasance in
office. It seem that tardy justice has
awoke from her slumber, and that
we are aloot to enjoy a purification
of political morala by the punikh
nuet .of political malefactors.
Is Society Demoralized ?
A gentleman of our acquaintance,
Sand one of the good and pure Virgin
i in stock, referred to the question that
heads this niticle and ill that refer
ence expressed a deep sorrow at the
errille e(flfect the license and reign of
politietl ihiievery for the past eight
yenars have had Iupone oar people.
Has this question ever been brought
lihome to any of our readers ?
1 -We fear not to all of them, for we
see gentlemen every day do things in
~ a social way, whiclh, if they thought
d for a moment, would be revolting to
them.
g For inslance, we see men indulging.
0 in the soemial amenity of the glass, and
is in the pleasant intercou'rse of every
tlday tolpies with men who are self
Is confess(ed Iieves, and sciundrels of
! the deepest dye. A short timeo ago
SId these human demonls were engaged
to in a struggle for the avowed purpose
j. of destroying the virtue and intelli
is gence of our race in this State; of
1- deplriving us by force of every v'stlige
ic of human or constitutional right ý
ig of sploliating upon our property and
h, robbing our tills, and in committing
I- all the disgraceful crimes known to
I- the decalogue; and to-day, we see
d. gentlemen pleasantly conversinlg and
.d socially drinking %%ith these disrepu
table fellews.
e IHave these gentlemen thought of
"'( thie fearful crime they are commit
Stihg against their posterity in thus
' debasing morals and demoralizing
le society by the social tee,,gnition
' of felons I \\hat punllishment is there
t- for the sounudrel who has committed
of the sins we have ha enumerated, and for
n, which there is no law penalty, if i
1ii be not social degradation i
to society demanids protection, and
't society demanids that those who have
-Sviolated nloral law, who have dle
,' iased humani nature, who have at
'I tempted to destroy decency and vir.
tie, should be double-damned by the
l silent contempt of gentlemuen who
are in and of society. .People
1- from the country remark thlese con
e, versations and drinks, and these so
cial recognitions of debased scoun
Sdi tls by persons supposed to be gen
of tlemen, and occupying positions in
r- genteel society, and its continulnce
r, will sink those who dare do it, in the
C social scaleo inally to a level with the
il debased.
'- Our children are growing to manhood
here, and it is a duty we owe then
not to render them fiIn iliar with vice
eC and the vicious, as the exaImple of a
1- father associating with a Myers and
such cattle would set.
is We refer to this because it lhas been
rt remalked by more than one, and we
sincerely hope that we will not be
colleillcd to again remonostrate l tlihe
interest of society, for if we do, we
: propose to maike the war in its behalf
lierce and bitter. Society must be
. puriied and elevated, and we p1rolloe
as a citizen, a father and a genutleman,
to do our share towards it,
IC The Country Press.
. Jiolrnalisis m in the rural districts
it has fallen in late years f'lo(n its founI
cr high estate, simiply because very
few InwI of energy or ability are slnf
ticiently eicooraged to justify the
loutlay of brains (or cash Inecessary to
tL Iake a counItry Iaper wihat it should
t be-a powerfull reflex of local opinlion,
ir which consolildated oil a particular
object and for a particular end by a
comblination for tilhat purpose are, or
woull be irrisistable.
o Our attention has been called to
this suiject by oan able city editor,
who is I,, less a patliot tihan a writ
Ior. lie is of the opinion that tlhe
1cause ofjustice, tlhe politiaenl purifi
e cation of Louisiana and the permna
C. nency of Democratic institutions in
I. this State dtlepend uplon thlie vigor n:ld
r- intelligence of its counntry press. Or'
t city press is powerless to protect us
- trom the evil of bad government fot
r- the reason that its patrons are so in
3t terested In tile schemes born of vi
ciohs legislation, that anly attempt (ion
their part to cry out would result inll
Sits inmmediate deonath. From the
- evidence so far received we are painiied
n to say that those papers born ill the
Scountry, siInce Radicalism died, are
poorly fitted for the task of redeem
iDns Louisiana. On the contrary tlhey
ate likely to do a great deal more
ic harm than good, for it is a certainlty
*that a neUatire' is as bad as an op
0 position paper if not worse. For tilhe
most p~art tilo n1w ppcs beinig is
s- sned in Louisiana are miserable in
a typographlical appearance and per
' fectly idliotic in editorial manage
iment, and ldeserve to be summarily
crushed ont at once by thile communi
ties in which thiey are published.
SLet us build up in the country par
ishes of this State, papers which will
I rank in ability with any metropoli
tanll journal. Communities will sup
Sport good papers, bad ones do not
deserve it; and above all let us have
done witlh these sickning abortions
called "'independent country jour
Snals, devoted to the arts and sciences."
The following Ipesoos were execu
F, ted in New Orleans, by hanginllg, at
I i o'clock on Friday last. Advian
a Eveque, colored, aged 20; George
t Moryis, colored, aged 25; 'nd Joa
a quin Plorenzo, of thile PlIillilppin Is
- lands, aged 35. All charged with the
crimc of murder.
The Dead Republicans,
For a number of years in fluture the I
if not for all time, Ilepuiblican party
t success inll the South is a matter of
impossibility. And this is not all, U
the formation of any new party, of
f which we have heaIldll so iuch of late, C
tis a uIcre illne'llt that can iinever have
shiapeC or power as long as the memo
t Iies of the wrongs of Republicanism t
exist in the outlih.
e Our people know too well fromli it
h ter ex perielnce the storm tliat awaits
t them outside the kild shelter of the
0 l)elnocratic ark, aniidiil the mild bleit
of the new party lamb \\ill not call
thelime re lifromi otiohn.
1 Illliecn-iiisin North mllay Ie res
pectable-it ma:iy have lmen in its
I'. ranks lho ale honiest jpoliticelly or
if persionally, Ibut we are solrry to say
o thlit the end of tI.e party wl i lb re:ch
Sedt the South has renderedil our 1ei
ilhe, quitc Septlical oil that piit. IWe
have iheard a great deal of the talk
Sinidulged in by sentimental people,
;e about political dishonesty anid iper
i ,-uial holnety i'midilnr in the same
hd hiumnii carcass, but-paldon us, we
g cali't swallow it.
o At the South, however, there can
e be ino danger of a, rash utterance in
d classing the whole array as thieves
i. and bumliiiimers of the severest sort.
The local scaImp is of the down at
If heel-nlle,-suspelndler order, anid lie
Shears the distinctive mark of a pick
l pocket in his shabby genteel canter
Ihlrough the streets of our villages.
\Ve have yet to heair of a single le.
. publican in Louisiana who has not
A stolen himsellf or whliat is wotse, aided
ai all abetted those who did ; andil as
for a legard for the rights of the tax
payetrs or a % lhite man, their ptroperty
1 or tlheir libeltV-no sanii man will at
Stempit to idefendll the republican party
hl(,e on that score.
The . cont ((Ga.) T'legraplh mildly
ro puts this little prod into the radical
e corpse :
io The so-called Republicans are in
despa ii oveir their owil ilivenlitions in
e South ('iaroliliia, Florida aind Llouis
- ina, 'Thlly say they will nliever see
I- daylight agaiII il those States, lie.
i cause they had "fi.ed theat up" for
perliimanent oetillpatioll, andll all these
contriivances hLave beent tiurnttied over
I to the euilril. 'rhie constitution of
c these States, artfully framlied utndler
li natiolina! liadical niuspices to tnalke
Dem)crltatic success impossiiblc, now
wiork againist thenl, and they are I
calght in their own trap. In these
4 States nci' ly evetr local officer is an I
appointeeii of the Governor, all eveni
i honest election aind canvass of votes
i' is alltgelher at his miercy. What
a chialI e, theni, for the t Ilitials. uniless
dthe llie lucrats art a great deal more
just and l iberal than they were ?
The delicious irony of the last sen
f lence is quite refreshing aiind can lte
lade mlore pointedil wlhen illustrated
e in thliis iiy : A Iurglar engagced ii
C lepredntinlg upon oliir propelrty Ihas
S ijst beeii dtlivrii tin iii y ulir houlse, anid
not biing satisiced withi the bootyit of
h is Iiirst raild, lilot to say any thinltg ,f
ia whole skill, lie Clile:it virs to return
' tlihroughi the windiow hut is ncet
pi, tiiiptly by the frowinilig owner,
whenll yolurr gentleminanly buirghlar re
IlIcest alnmissioln simply to allrgue the
I point and explain the visit, 'Jusltice'
. is lwhalt Rellublicans South do not
wanlt. If they hadll a lingering desire
.- for the solitude of tihe penitentiary
e perhaps they might.
o No.i Thle lepiiblican party South
(1 is not only dead, but the steulch of its
v, illaiuies and its outrages will as
tr send to lieae\'tn and till the nostrils of
a decent people with loathing and dis
tr gust for years to conic.
VWhat is nmre theI Democratic par
o ty is stronger to day in Louisiana
r, than ever it was. Its solil, vigorous,
o aqr'esswer.lilCln are.in charge now, and
re the future political campaigns in this
S. State will be like the rush of Lee's
Sarmy-irresistible and crashing.
n 'lThe rural people will linot tolerate
i tlepilublicanlisl for a moment, and
,what is niore tihey wouli be quick to
sllash any tlhilg ofa "new party"
Sctlccrn that might happen to spring
i up for fear tliat it was radica;lisml in
disguise, in which they would not be
fur wrolig.
e ei thilnk tile purchase of juror and
n witness certilicates by tile District
" Clerk or his deputies reprehensible to
d say the least of it. No oflicer of this
e palisi who is authorized by law to
C issue scrip of any kind lhas any moral
right to speculate in it. Tile fact of
Shtis doing so gives rise to suspicfon
e anti remarks, and slociety has come to (
Ya pretty pass if it requires legal pen
alties,.as some have urged, to pre ,o
Svenlt an officer fromn doing a repro
Shensible act. If such is the fact then
n the demnand for political and oficial
purification shouldll be louder.
S Our lawyers havileVO agreed! in future
to assist the plIplelo as far as prac.t
ticiblo in lessenillg the burden of I
court cexpetlses now bearinig downlt
I upon the tax payer. To that end'
- they will recolulend in all minor I
- cases when the law allows it, that the C
t parties accused will waive trial by (
e julry and submit tlleir eases to the
patlish judge for final jndgeotent.
Cases of petit larceny shlould be re
p' orted to MIr. T. P. Chaplin, district
attorney pro tem., who will give theni
prompt attention.,
n Tile Ruiss-Turko war drags on its
C weary length-one dispatch gives
- victory to the Turks and the next
- Iupsets it all. Iu fact there has been
e but small fighting thus far, and we
are not much interested anyway.
Court Ramblines. J
e Dottings by our Reporter in the
HMlls of Justice.
Some doubt existed in the early
of the sitting of this Court as to
whether a negro charged with the
crime of larceny could lie convicted, I
that doubt from twlo weeks trial has
Sdrown to a solid, substantial con vic
tion that lihe or she cannot be. 11Mr
der, manslaughitcr or asault, theI
t. average negro juror is open to law I
and evilde nce upon, but in a case of
he hog, corn or cattle stealing, the thing
COIcomes e(ntirly too near home, and he t
will not entertain fol a moment facts
or law, but summarily acquits every
s- person so charged. That this criticisem
is not overdrawn, we beg to submit
tl three cases as samples ; and we ven.
tlre the assertion that no Philadel
phia shyster ever thought of the quib
bles to acquit, that these predeter
Lined neigro jlrol's renlder as reasols s
1k for their nionotinous -not Guilty."
Ifaura & Sophia Johnson, stealing;
corn. Caught in the act-taking the
corn from the field of another person.
e N defolno'. \erdict-not guilty.
SReason ; "'Xobodyi sale them pull the
corn, frorm tke sod1k."
an ('allwell and Clark, beef stealing
i caught skinning the beef. Verdict.
es Not guilty-excuse ; "'obody said
t. anythingff about do color 01 de hide'."
at WIn. Smiith, hog stealing, proof
ie ositive. 'T'hree white men saw him
IIdragging the hog along the big road,
recognized the hog as the property of
another ania. Verdict-Not guilty.
Excuse; "liJ,,otred ,.,ar with which
oot
g he' hauled upl the heo, and(t a pot to
scald the Ihol in, the day brQfirc from a
as i
white man."
And so on through the whole drea
t ry, sickening, we might say outra
t- geous, waste of hours and talent, un
ty til the matter has become one of se
rious consideration.
13 If the laws cannot stop stock steal.
al log thenl the citizens must do it them
selves, and Vigilant Committees with
!n mob law will be in order. We can
s1 not say we favor this, but in special
ee cases like the ones under considera
'e- tion, we think a few hangings would
b' be perfectly justifiable, andt extreme
e IV wholesome.
of W. 1'. Hall, the District Attorney
erl is zealous in his duties, and has ad
ke letd a host ofl frien ds to his already
re large and popular acquaintance, and
Se we can coingratulate the people of
iu this District upon having secured the
en services of so aible a genitlcman as
s their I)istrict Attorney.
at The ciiiiiii;l nautters disposed of I
ss so far, is as follows: t
re Mat Prestel, stabbing with intent to
kill. Not guilty.
n- Washington and wife, burglary and
be larceny. Not guilty.
lienry Smith, larceny. Not guilty.
e Lucien H1all, petty larceny. Nol
i Iproos. t
as Nick Simnmons. Urglarlry and lar
ceoy. (Unilty. New tria;l giranted.
D)cWitt RIobcetson, larceny. Guil
of ty.
Wf 1m. Simnis, assault with dangerous
rn weapio. Not guilty.
DeW\itt Ilolietismn, larceiiy. Plead
guilty; put hiitmself oin mercy of
r, court.
e- Sylvere IIernandez, carrying con.
e cealed weapons. Guilty.
S Daniel Joseph, lurceny. Not gniltty.
SMiles Martin, larceny, et ils. Not i
ot guilty.
re Jones Johnson, Mule stealing.-
q Guilty. 1
Tlios. Blandon, petty larceny. Not
guilty.
ti 'Adam Johnson, mnalicious killing
its mnle. Not guilty.
is. James Albrow, rape. Not guilty.
of Jules Edens, Hlorse stealing. Guilty.
Extensive Land Transaction.
iMaj. George F. D;awson and Col.
SW II. l. Jack, of our parish, pur
na chased at the Succession Sale of
Judge Henry Boyce 37,000 acres
i of Hill and River bottom lands,
Ssituated in the parish of Sabine.
These lands are fertile and well
to watered and timbered, and Messrs.
id I)awson and Jack intend to set- ,
to tle them up with WHITE imnmi-.
, grants. Thislarge pnrcihaselooks
in like ol0 times again. Those who
be are in possession can get good
titles upon paymeiint of purchase
Id money; and those wishing to set- t
tle can lprocure lands upon good
terms with easy payments. For I
to particulars apply to Messrs. Daw
al son and Jack, Natchitoches, La.
oft.
In The Commercial Fire Insurance
to Co., of St. Louis, has failed; and
f- Senator Bogy, of Missouri, looses
e $100,000) , and the disaster will ruin
0 him financially, if his creditors are
31 not indulgent.
Samnel II. Keuuedy, President of
the State National Bank and Fiscal
re agent of tihe State, gives notice that I
c.the July coupons on the consolidated
of bonds of this State will be cashed at
rn their maturity, upon p;eseintation
id The Nicholls govornment pays its
or honest debts if it does nothing more,
e and that is considerable in advance
- of what Kellogg's did.
We Hg to call the especial atten
tion of those holding claims against
Sthe parish, to present same to the
Treasurer, Mr. Lemee, for registra
n tion, as the law directs, of which the
President gives notice elsewhere.
ts It is reported that the New Orleans
es Times is to be converted into a Re
xt publican paper. We conljectlnre the ,
n conversion will be a matter of ease,
ye as the Times has been on the nmourn
ers bench for lo ! these many days.
JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMI ENTS,
Sll5"i;IuI F'S SAL ":.
Wurr OF F.' . F'. .,x Tw".It;: Mixl't
1)Y VIRTI'F of a writ of tI. Ifa, i-und
) h vI the IlloIrt a the Parish u (' rt -f
the pli ri' h of tatchli ch s andI to ii'
direl ted i- ,d t l, t l )w1 ,lvt mo 11111, boild
of \I. l . ,.il' ier :a111 ('. J. C( . 'u kei tlte ill
favor of " 111 n. . i nill illIlg & 1 oillll.. 'r Jac.l k
ON l'ierto.l, their at,''tor'ys, I hlae' seized
and will oiffr for al11 to tIhe last and
highest hidderr. tt te dour of thte roiit
hi om'., ill thie city alhI parisi h of Nt'il hli
hlillt. ll
the oll lowing i descrilted prollrty to witl
A certain lot tof grulnd with the hltifl
ings and hi m,\'eUti.etIsI tl,erl'oInr, situated
Lin tlfilt t city f;ll lairisho f NathIl it ch.s.11 o
the ' ,,-t side of i ,' fer.l I s'l' l t l lilts
oringe inety 'th et n said tret lit hI a
Stlt of oit hundred llltt. holl 1ndedl aoit
by Iklyou Amulet and below by pr~, pr
ty i l'Mr's. M..1. ýel'Iier. .seircdl as tt,,.
propl"rty of Mrs. 31..J. Jlc'ier.
All soa I tertain lot illof grlllld l sitni atled
in the city and par.e'l of Natchitoches
with all the i utildings and imllrUvm l n ilts
s thlereon iituated tl the Wesl'u ,t s.iel of
Sel l!t o I 't it, alntntdl oit h toililt Smith by
Sihleh streellllt East hbv Selon stheet
Northil 1,v lt tnw islWn) d b'L .. T . c iayn ,
:11411 on t'h. West hy lit owtinel he Elhl1
Prfie, seized as the property of the dl'.
fJulnanl C. - . . 'leiketlle.
'c ,'u sof ,ale.
c CASH without the lenrteit ,fappraise
nilelt.
ut Ni 1. 1)". 11 ' At. Ji . ILT , npr
J li ne il t s. lheit i .ll
i dll llEIF'S SAiLE.l
ilt e Si·1tilllt'llr 'll('t, llt it' ,ill hut lit' l(i
iThe Weistern Ei etric Manuf cturing Co.
vs., Merchants' Inion Telirallh Co.
. [NMo.1.1.]
n lthe lt. h I J Id'cial District Co' Ju1l i r.
the Parisi h of '. l. iter, l.cc
i. Y VIRTI. ofIl, An lllider ail writ of
Sseizure land salet issued i the aiblove',
h liitled allse f 1ifd Iltll 4 tl l iie court l t ire
aid il l l ii to, ti l directed, I have eizell b
and will ,i'o r for tsale at ils eonra house
idootl in the .city of Nate. litlehs o Pa
ah Jtulrdgy, the lth ditay of lll t, A. 18,'77,
within the legal hours if sale, for cash,
hsnhject to uppraiseent the tfblhwin;
Jdesrned propert y seized a.s ' p Clirtk.
of said CDel' ndatI viz : T hA e C TeIe'grT, h
LTIne from tlhe paris,h of ld River to. the
parish of rant runni n throlh the plari.
ish of Natchituohes together with the of
hive fixtures, hlut lets and apprteianlees
in the town of Cainlpte ilid the office fix
l tures hitterirs, l aiind p tela. 51, ofin the
eity of Natclit ocies; also including all
Tthe wire, p1oles eriected, insulatrs anlid
1 c ight of way ofl said telegraph line fromie
tohe line of Red River p irish throiugl h toI
thet lilnetolf Galit palllrish, icluhdin~ all
l the fixtuires, ipiilroveenel s aniltd otlher
S id Dcl'lindanlt "Mll rchat t rtUnion f Tele
grah . o3 ituily" c ithl all the rights of
way or other rivilegest of sll said l )eln
ant il the said parlish tl Natlhiltlhe os.
. the11. IO1LTll , J ll
Jlltr .'st. Jn tes. o herill.
N -_- OTICE,
Sect ion No. 1(4. of .et. No.0i, apprv
eld April th, 77 o , iprov willdes: "That it
s shall he fhe duty 41t the ]'retid.hnts of all
P'oliee hnihies tiri'gihout the Mtate, ul
f nul ill in lti e nl, ith ot Septl,rilile. to
tr':ilºng itll to r, th A illitor of l n lie AIl
licrunts a i detl t to l'tcl tle Iofl, condition
of the parochial affairs, giving a stati,
Minllt b of the ilo of taxateii, lt' e atount
of dishsentents, n1111 the outstanding t
de lr, if a it ty. foot
Tiere,fur all ersons htlding paleft is
cIindltoite o ss of aniy kill, timust lldtstll
il re, tl llegislratln Illlert the . Alsot y
ight browner niltre b ilit ll J ot oil left
vivahl Ji p OlylSient uf parish Waxes lC -
Sh.A'E ts o ke' Il estregiste', e
WJOSI[ K. WALYNIE.
C r NOTICi'.
,ce'sion qf R. L. F.: Sildery, dec'd.
M. SII. I .SllLE Y, AI n.istrarix f
Silthe ltf a wlit of iR. 1,. iF. sil, y,
tdecaosed, having entitiled in this ole hersit.
inail to inn l'cof tl, hinislratiiciI. Ntt ile
oi herhy giefor ilk to t all 311' higl i et Iiy oi
Sier, to ilake their of till' 'lltherel o J ins
-ll thfen the torwine of lllltic'il witll be
hool decried and et tt wit Oh e udgi'elilt of
it canferlle. nlnt
SCNO. LAE. I'L.E,
June 11i-2,. Deputy Chlrk.
June Sth,1877. Constalble 10th Ward.
ºI l rl} Nrt lInd ECT 1i H
(IIAS. 1'I i I':IIT N,
Ilor thi \INliI, Aoc.]
"Ih'....<, l ur,,, rS ,pr, .snt,, ronmll lot pri.
i,.s; by i, th ,il. ,'l,,i,'lii ,i wilj haw et
be paid.
CrITT'º1 It l;('I:1PTS.
Rieceiveid 'I'l, ius]ly 5-71 halls
hcceivcd tlis we,,k -
--- _'l~! r-1o~l "'~lo
"otal - a on
l'I NA.NCIAL.
(1 G 1,- '117 1i f
Silvr
Parish .Warr anb.
( ),It--:. ',.
'City Wairrants--7.1 0c.
GII.O('l:IES.
S Corn:-,:--;,'w York creuam 153il(.
C'h i ,e V,.s.-t,'rn 1°'a 12 1
lr;ndv Che'rris--t 75 per duo.
V illgu -- I Ra i' per g:illon
lHIcl:.-- 'rin,, a 7, a. .J It,.
louid 74'.
Fat I ir ~ I Ii',
1,'i)---,i! 7.. 1, I,'r lh.
hall--1 35 per sack.
('adllhs--l:a 14
Whiskey-- 15W $3 73 ) g lloz
C-lhlen-2)'aw 2cl per lb.
Ill(:.(1) STUFFS.
FLoiit-- Bhils~.5 511ii; 50
llarrells .~` IllIt 11 00.
C(ortnmeal--$1 i2 per bihl.
hlits-.I 75 per 1hh11
GRAIN AND)'1 F:E1) STUFFS.
Oats-55i r', petr hitshcel.
lrn -$1 Ia.-- per litl lis.
Wliveat-l-White Western .$2 30 per bu 1i
lt P)VISIONS.
B t' --Slolllilrs ;l ,.7e.
S('liar Rih aides -'1649.
ltry Ili Shluumlilers 7@
1)r (Clear Rib Pi@ c.
SChluar $iids 106.10).
i Lard-Tiercel 1I'l I'e.
Mess ulrk - $1 7' $25 50 per bll
ll.Mss-- hoice,' 12 a,
Ordinaury 11.110
BI. lacon--I I a 12.
Pig f',rk---hall bblls. $9 0'o@
P 'ig 'Tl'ngles-lii 1)a iee.
Pigs Feil-nlone in miarket.
S laliina S.'lusiage-10'a 12 per lb.
Blct-F'nltlm, S x;1 75 per 4 bibls.
Oratiges--$1 jUi 5 I)0 per |l)1.
Snlls-l,Weitern, ,$.1 Ul~$ 50
Calahlges-1-ld . 12.
1 Apples--i 75'a" -
1'oatatoes-- 50ts10. 1 -0, bbl.
herringe--lfi ' l;e r) box.
SCodllish-61e Iy 100 pounlids.
(. Cocoanuilts-3.l per undired.
Sour Krout -none in market.
Coal Oil----23h'25c '- gallon.
Good Common 1 1'
I rinl il 10) Gi.
Choice iNa 11 e.
Molassses---.Colllon, ilc I' gallona
Fair 15e.
'ruimi' (50e.
-huire I .i .
L1'M311I .
Cypres luinher - 13 per thousand feet.
ine hnll. r-- 1 pIt t housa.nd feet.
('Yi'prss Sliumles-- I 10 per tlhoutsaind,
Nad.Ms-:l 75 ai I 2.5.
iWagons - $i5Va 75.
t C017\O1'1,e1T PRL'ODUi'CE.
S C(t tion
WoIli-Louisinami, clian 1 1I5i l i
I I id es- -lýta I: 1,.
Fiurs-O- tter el :i ), :0 u ,a;h.
ily--$5l I 'l ,I)r u1..
' or l -- i t 91Ii,( pImr balshel,
,-. liuiei (u . (ia 0(I per IU b l.
S llggs--l5' 211u pi'ir duiz.
liittcr-g hIumuhen, 25u: cier lb.
(Chlmice WVsiitcrn 1820e,.
Potatoes - Sweet, 7Tc', -1 per busbef,
lieiswt ix ..----23 25 28t, i1.
Polun:rv-( hickens $'2 50'.4 4 doz,
Geese Va.$t per doz.
1)umks $3 per dozo
I P irk- C per lb.
Ilh ef--5t -. JHe lper l i.
Muthin - lil per li).
Venison--$2 per t, hadle.
Dried Fruit-Applbs 1i0.
. ihianI, Northerin-7@7 E.
tcranllLerries-Ki.g $3 25.
DRY GOODS.
Print.-7" 0Je.
Brown Cotion--6.10e.
Loiwells--I0@a 124c.
Stripes--!2al ]15e.
Brogans--S1 300/1 75 per pair.
CAN GOODS.
Salhnion--3 00 4 doz.
Mackerel - :$ 75 g't doz.
Lobsters--2 00 -i doz.
Spiced Meat-t 5 0)0 i doz.
Sard ines-- boxes 16e 7 box,
Oysters-95c'$l 00 tl doz.
Eagle Milk--$ D5 ") tloz.
Yeast Powders--$20( '8 -, gr osh.
Peaches--2 50 ta doz.
Pine Apples - $'2 25o2 50 ,i doz.
Concentrated Lye-$6 50 case.
CASE GOODS.
S Brandy Peamehes-$4 75 j-I doz.
SPepper Sance-S1 75' 1 85 . doz.
Hostetter Bitters - $ 00'd9 50 t doz,
Drak i lBitters--3 50,'3 75 . doz.
LIQUORS.
f New York PIratiiy--1 33@1 65.
Iniimorted Cognac-$1 (i5d, ('00.
Ginger Brandy--1 65'2 25.
Cherry Brandy - $1 900,2 75.
Blackberry Brandy-SI 60t2 2!,.
nImported-lholland Gin- $3 90@4 2,.
Jatnaca Rutn--5 007 00
Irish Whiskey--S5 00,650.
Scotch whiskey- 5 00o$6 5
WINES.
White wine-$l5 5O10 00.
Champtagtte
Krug & Co., (qiurts) $2.5 gold.
Vetue Chinuot Pontsardi-$23.
Piper Hleidsieks-$25 00.
ALE AND PORTER.
1 Duijeans Lauerbier-qts. $3 50 pts 
Milwanki--qts. $2 75 p)t. $1 65.
Baiss & Co.,-Ale, pints $2 25
NOTICE.
PAtl'iI ow Nr.tTCI.Co)(c1'ES,
State Tax Collcctor's Ollice,
May 2?d, 1877.
This oftice is now open for tlh collec
tion (of LICENSES and T'AXES, due the
State and Parish.
L. N. LANE.
Oflicc on St. Dellis St. Collector.
May 21; tf.
:For .eont.
The Maricella Dwelling House, o0
Texas Strcetct.
Apply to J. TRICIIEL,
April 21.--t. Agent.
Dissolution.
David Pierson lavig l,.t.ron D)istrict
.Juil,'. thie Law Firm o1"' .lJak & Piersol
is dlissol-vd. Th, noninis.;hed husiness Of
t1h4 f'itm will be vonducted and aettlCed
lby fillt nidlelsigued.
April 28-tt. W1M I.. JACK.