The Crisis.
We are approaching a crisis in the
affairs of our government fraught
with danger not only to State gay
ernments, but with great peril to the
liberties of their citizens. The idea
of a centralized form of government
is no new one, but has advocators of
marked ability since the foundation
of our Ilepublic--the ideas of IIamil
ton and others may be said to have
never been definitely settled, for in
the framing of the Federal Constitu
tion it was so phrased, as a matter of
compromise we opine, as to have all
such questions open for discussion-we
do not propose to enquire into this
evident mistake or oversight-cer
tain are we that all these matters
were discussed at the time and since,
ably and at length, but we have now
after a lapse of nearly a hundred
years, when the questions of slavery
and the right of secession have been
decided, this natter of centralization
brought to the bar of public opinion
antrammelled with out side issues.
The President and his party have as
sumed the reins of this hobby, not
from public duty or patriotic intent,
as were its great advocates in former
times and in the early history of our
government, but for personal ends,
partisan purposes and party power.
As the questions of slavery and
secession were arbitrated with the
sword, we must look for the practical
solution of this in the same manner.
The conspirators number the friends
of Grant, who may be connerated
as his office holders, the dishonest
and 4efeated element of the Republi
can party with the combined assis
tance of the carpet-bag and scalawag
officials South. That the army, or
the majority of its officers will obey
any mandate of Grant, we have tin
doubted assurance and opposed to
this element are arrayed the entire
American people. There can be no
doubt of its final issue-the overthrow
of Grant and his followors,and vic
tory for the people is an assured se
q(uence, but to show to what extent
man's ambition will prompt him, are
we led to thus express our views. We
append an able article from the St.
Louis Republican, the most powerful
paper in the West, upon the subject,
and we ask of our readers a careful
perusal, as the action of Grant and
his military in expelling the legally
elected members of the Louisiana
legislature, seems the first act in the
grand drama or tradgedy, about to
be enacted upon the stage of the
American Republic. Will it be the
last ?
Tlie novel situation into which the
country was no snddenl, phlnged
last Monday by President Grant's
C(1ronwellian operations in Louisirna
has now been resolved inlto its ele
ments to sunch an extent that we may
begin to calculate with some accura
cy the purposes of those in power and
analyze with some clearness the pro
gramme of which the president's dis
persion of a state legislature by fed
oral troops was the overture. We
have long feared that sinister designs,
not alone upon the liberties of isola
ted states, but upon the very fabric
of our government and upon all the
states were meditated by those in
power at Washington. And we have
more than once intimated our appre
hension thata set of men whom vio
,lence and revolution had eindowed
with power would not yield it up
agnin without at least more of a strug
gle than that involved in a simple
contest at the polls. It was quite
plain to all calm, thoughtful observ
era that the tendency of the adnmin
istration and of its faction in congress
was in conflict with those fundamen
tal ideas of popular self-government
which are at the bottom of our repubah.
lican system, and whlich completely
nnderhe all honest differences of pol
itical opinion. This being the ease,
the only remaining question was,
How long will these two opposing
forces avoid a collision ? It was ob
vious that a time must come, sooner
or later, when mere discussion and
par'liamentary taetics would no long
er subserve the designs of the men
who had determined to perpetuate
their own rule, by peaeefiul means if
possible and by any other means if
aecessary ; for we lhad not so deaspaii
ed of the spirit of Ameriean indepen
dence as tobelieve that ort people
would drift asupinely along into the
net of despotism and not discover
whither they were tending until they
had been hopelessly entangled in its
meshes. Therefore we were coani
dent that an occasion would arrive
when the people would find them
selves taree to face with an adminis
tration, hosetile atotheir eherished in
stitutionaas which would present
to tham't:e a tive of submission
o reisltane. Te reault of the re
cent election lhas had the effect to
precipitate this grave oeeasion. And,
a soon as we were advised that the
Loueisana rtorning board, constita
tdl by a villanous usurpation for the
Purpose of enaeting supplem4ntal
vilanie, had determined toiannul
the results of the popular vote in that
atate, we at once concluded that the
asdministration had selected that com
aonewhealth as the salient point at
which to begia its operations for the
*eorthrew of popular liberty and the
destruction of the rights of the ballot
boo. These comelo'aions were guard
edlg set forth inan article in nour is.
S of aDecember , 1874, in which
this passa:ge occurred l:
"We therefore exhort the people of
Louisiana and of New Orleans to uSP
all nleann except the shedding ro f bilood
to install the legislature whichl they
have elected. Let the Conservative
legislatulre elect organize and pro
ceed with its impenchiment of the
governor. Then let the federal gyv
ernmennt-the administration of PIres
idenit Grant-take the responsibility
of dispersing it with the hnayonets of
the troops and the broadsides of the
fleet."
We thus advised the people of
Louisiana because we felt cer
tain that President Grant would
take the responsibility. of dispersing
their legislature with the bayonets of
the troops, and because, believing as
we did that the issue betuween the
presidenlt and the people was lhounll
to coice, we were anxious to have it
disposed of as soon as possible, and
felt that such an event would pre
cipitate a settlement of the question.
Well, the people of Louisiana follow
ed the coulrse which the "Republican"'
fiureshodowed, and so did the presi
dent, and, as a consequenllce, Gen.
Grant now finds that lie has reached
tile enci of his unchecked operatious,
and must pursue the remaiuder of his
prograllime subject to the active op
position of all the sincere and patrio
tic nmen in the United States. Those
who imagine that the present popular
protest against the Croinweilia:n pol
icy of President Granl'lllt ia mere fllir
ry that will subside in a few days are
very, very blind or besotted, and 1
manifest an utter incapacity to reai
the signs of the timnes or interpret the
Amnerid:an temper. It is, in ftact, the
beginning of a movement that will
gather strength and determination in
proportion to the resistance it pmay
encounter at the hands of those in
power, and it nlay ultimately gather
fronm too ilmuich resistance a strength
that will be violent and a deternliua
tion that will be farocious. There
can he no doubt as to the outcome.
'Thle only question is whether the lpe
pie of the United States shall be able
to prevail by merely bruising and '
chastising those who are plotting
against them or shall be comipelled
to grind the conspirators into exceed
ingly line fragments in order to crush
out the conspiracy.
This conspiracy, we have reason to
think, is more sweeping and compre
hiensive in its pnurposes than IImost
men, accustomned to think military
usurlpation on ai large scale impolls
sible in this country, could lie led to
believe. We adverted to it in an ar
ticle a few days prior to the election,
wherein we discussed the peculiar
teumporary powers of the clerk of the
house of representatives upon the oc
casion of the erganization of a new
congress. Tie first distinct intima
tion of this conspiracy came from
Senator Clayton of Arkansas, who, in
unguarded conversation at the Chat
tanooga conVenltion, let out a remark
to the effect that a Demllocratic house
of representatives could not be organ
ized at Washinlgton even if one shlould
le elected. Th'lis was said a day or
two after the Ohio and Indiana elec
tions, when it was fist h6enuing ip
pallrent that a Democratic house wduld
le returned and Snllltor Clayton him
self iadmitted such a result as very
probaihle. that the conspirators, while
they aulticilj:l teed a .lrul'ableue. Demn
craltic mlinolity, were tatally Ulnin'e
pared foir sullch a sneepilng ovelrthlow
las they experienced, and tlhey were
nilonientarily staggered at the con
templation of a nlajority of over sev
enty where they had niever expected
one over ten or twelve. They alre
now, however, beginning to rally and
the result is anll opening of their pro
gramme. It will be observed that
the Republicans who, in caucus or
on fithe dfloor of the house, have evinc
ed a disposition to susttain the presi
denti are, without exception, either
Southern carpet-baggers, or Notlhern
bribe-takers, salary-grabbers and
thieves generally who failed of re
election last fall. So far not one re
putable Republican who was or was
not re-elected, and libut one or two
even of the disreputable Republicans
who were re-elected last fall, have
signified any disposition to sustain
the president. But those whom im
pending ruin renders desperate sus
uuin him to a man. This is one of
the most significant facts developed
in the current crisis, and it is one
that should not be lost sight of for a
moment. It will not be long before
members of congress will be called on
to take sides upon the issue that has
already been made, up between the
president and the people. And there
are a great many men of the stamp
of Blaine, Dawes, Hawley, Wilson,
IRoberts and Kasson who are anxious
ily discussing with themselves wheth
er it will be best to take their chances
with the president and his depen
dents ini a desperate conspiracy, or
with thei people in a determined ef
fort to crush it out. They will not
have many days in which to decide.
But they will have as many years as
they may live in which to reflect
upon the consequences of their deci
sion. The people are going to win.
That is settled before hand. The
only question yet to be settled is,
How many usurpers will have to be
destroyed and how utterly they will
have to be annihilated before success
is attained ?
VICK'S
FLORAL GUIDE
For 1870.
DUBLISHED QUARTERLY. JANUA
Iry Numberjust issued, and contains
over 100 Pages, 500 Engraving, descrip
ions of more than 500 of our best Flow
ers and Vegetables, with directions for cul
ture, Colored Plate; etc. The most use
ful and elegant work of the kind in the
world. Only 25 cents for the year. Pub
lished in English and German.
Address, JAMES VICK,
Jan. l-1y. Rochester, N. Y.
fi illcidul, Coimmicrcial anld Rliver Ncws.
COTTON STATEMIENTr.
On hand Inst report ........ 37 hales
Received durinlg week ......... "11 "
Total receipts...... 387 "
MARKET QUOTATIONS.
(It should he reilembered our quota
tionls are for round lots, at retail, higher
prices will have to be paid.)
Corrected Weekly by Carver & Taylor.
('otton ................................. 13c.
litehs, dry....................... ...... I:' -c
lIides, greeti.....................•......'5 a tic
liwN.\.-'l'ht imarkt is in limited sitppll!
le'ar sidte are l'qoted at 13 e; shollhldrs at 13::
l:reakfa't , e:'onl at ,h:.
Il'.ot:i.-ls in t.uid :siu1pl with fair dtemand.
vWe qtl" XX it, ti, low"i X. X 7 Ieat "2.;t iul
n'0d 4 XXX : t 5 75:; Choico XXX .i1t e9 50i; lchoice
lamilvy ~lI 50.
P'otst.--Nonle in thu market.
tAIIlNI.-In fhir supply. demand lf iir'. lmp
andil,jute at I 1c: 141,1' ard. "o India in nmarkl;t.
LAi.--In light supply with goud demand. lu
tihrces n '2t ; in kris :'2.
JI.\s.-Ar-:\ in light supply and deaind limnit
ed (CanV1aei'id r1e quoted 'ia ?tE ' .
StI.T.-lii goodil sultlply. Liverpool coarse sells
at $"'5 iiper' lak. Fillne 5I.i2 higheir.
MKsII, tIlAIN.-N-oeiE bIut rvye in tiairket which
is gnted iat t17 5 per bushel.
ilox TI'1ts.--'l'lhl mrket is in Caonl supply.
Thle ilTarrow held at 13 aitd the button at IOtc.
Mltl, ts.es.--feareo. Clioinio Loisiana is hio -
itg sald it-: priino at 90c. pt:r gallon. lly tho
('oi. Oli..--Is in good supply and is hold at
5.e, per galloin.
'Ton.\tt' --lupply good. (0ood mediunlm is
iquoted at (15e. itiid tine bright at 9I1c.).1 235 per
Co:r -'rThe supply is limited and .demand
gollod PrhittE at 25 and choice at -
Iiev..--No Carolina in llmarket. Lonisiana is
held at I1.. per pund.
('loIN.-Is i goold supply but no demand.
So.'.--Extra olive bar Ille.
SUtrili-lnouiisilntprilne is qC1Oed at :-t vel.
low claritied a 11e; crushed anl d pui"dereil a
\WHilKY.-W-hite and leAd ire held at $1 50
per gallon; IBourbon comr ands5:50 per gal
S!!or.-rs in good supply with fair demand anud
snhi at $2 5i7,lr slck anid b)c1k shot lit 1.
I'owlsiu.-The sullpply is limited and is held
at S'1e. per pindl.
NEW Al)V :ERTISEMi1ENTS.:
BUIST'S CARDEN SEED.
J 'rST RECEIVE1)D ilirvet from the grow
. er, a full supply of the above eelh ra
ted seed, onion sets, and early rose pota
toes.
!Iist'. Garden Manuals for gratuitous
distriuntion at
Ja:n 9-tf. TIHCIIEL &, AIR EY
CITY I-TO EL!
Corner CAMP and GRn Av:..R Streets,
NEW ORLEANS, LA.
31)IFORD and WATSON, Proprietors.
Dec. 5-tf
City Billiard Saloon.
(LACOSTE BUIIISC, Front Street)
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
A. KAFFIE, Proprietor.
rTHIS house is opened for the reception
of guests, and eling the best fr
nished and iiinisld 11Ill with more con
veniencea. it is the resort of the elite of
the City.
A tine Bar is attached to the Billiard
Parlors, where the best an1d lpurestt of
Wines and Liquors, and the choicest Ci
gars cans be obtained.
Lunch furnished at all hours :for a
reasonable charge. Free Lunch every
daly fromi 11 A. M., to 2 P. ar.
Jan. 2.-ly.
PLEASANT HILL
MALE AND FEMALE SCHOOL.
IHE next session of this schllool will
I commence on the eleventh lay of
January, and close on the first day of
July, 1875.
TERMS:
Primary Classes per month $3.00
Classes commencing Latin, Geome
try, Algebra, Rhetoric or Phi
looliopy 4.00
Classes in C:esar, Virgil. Greek,
Trigonometry or Surveying 5.00
Board to be had in good families at
reasonable rates. Any one wishing
more definite information, will address
J. W. FOSTER, A. M.
Jan. 2-1m. Principal.
C. C. C. APLIN. T. P. ChAPLIN.
CIIAPLIN CIIAPLIN..
Attorneys and Counselors at Law.
St. Denis St., Natchitoches, La.
1TILL practice in the courts of Rap
ides, Grant, Wiun, Sabine, DeSoto,
Red River and Natchitoeches, and the
Supreme Court of the State.
Claims promptly attended to in any
part of the Union. Jan 2-ly
J. W. SUDDATH. JOIJ CHAMBERS
SUODATH & CHAMBERS.
Forwarding, Receiving
-AND
Commission Merchants,
GRAND ECORE, LA.
-dealers in
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, HARDWARE,
CUTLERY, &c.
And a full and complete stock of general
merchandise suited to the wVltsof the
country trade.
Consignments of cotton and merchan
dize for shipment solicited and prompt
ly attended to.
Oct. 24-1y.
WEEKLY Friday Packet.
For Grand Ecore, Montgomery, Month of Cane
River, Alexandria, Norman's Bar
bin's and all way landings
on Red River,
The Al and very light draught
passenger steamer
SEMINOLE.
J. C. MITCHELL, Master. JAs. L. Robins, Ulerk.
T EAVEI New Orleans every Tuesday at 5 P.
XA M.. arriving at Grand Ecore every Friday
at 12 x. The Seminole will be replaced by a larg.
er boat when navigation permits.
Will make close connection at .the Falls do.
ril.g extreme low water with the light draught
steamer Ida Leon. Passengers can be assured
that they will be put through without deten
tion and shippers will bear in mind that freight
will be promptly delivered as in high water
time.
For freight orpaea e apply on board or to
C. J. HARIIS, Aeat..
Caspari & Dictrich,
(Lacosto Building)
FRONT St., NATCIIITOCIIES, La.
GRAND opening of a NEW MA3MMOTH
FALL and WINTEi STOCK,
direct from the New Orleans and Eastern mar.
kets, consisting in part of
DRY GOODS,
CLOTHIING,
HATS,
BOOTS,
S1i0Es,
GROCEIRIES,
CROCKERY,
IIAUD
WARIE, & '.. &e.
LADIES AND GENTS'
FURNISHING GOODS.
In fat.
A full line of GOOD for t'h eontrv tralIn
All of which tle-v are selling at less than NEW
OIRLEANS 1 ].CES
FOR CASIr.
C'all and examine t' lIargest and most conm
plet.'stock ever btonught to this market, and
satisfy yourselves as to their prices.
"'4 Highest price paid for Cotton and coun
try produce, in cash or merchandise.
D).c. 5--1y.
HENRY GENIUS.
Worker in Tin, Copper and
S]EE T IRON.
Corner FRONT & TRUDEAU STS.,
NATCHITOCIIES, LA.
Also, constantly on hand all kinds cf]
HEATING AND COOKING STOVES
of the most improved patterns.
All my stoves sold at city price and
gnaranteel to be as represented. Lib
eral advantages offered to the trade.
Also, a tine stock of Tinware, Metallic
Roofing, &c.
Gutters and pipes promptly and care
fully repaired.
HENRY GENIUS,
Corner Front and Trudeau Sts.,
Natchitoches, La.
Jan. 17, 1874.--vly.
Sinnott-' Line.
a Fall 'and Winter Arrangement.
For Grand Ecore, Moutgomery, Alexandria
Pineville, Norman's, Barbin's,
Fort DeRnussy,
And All Way landings,
The A I Magnificent and fast
running side-wheel passenger
P "BART ABLEI
DicR NssoT, Master.
G C. HAMre.rox,%
T. J.J Down', Clerks.
WTILT, leave New Orleans everv'Satnrdy at
S5 r. M., retutuing leaves Grandl Ecore
every Tnesday at 12 x., and Alexandria every
Wednesday at 12 x. 9
The steamer
will leave New Orleans for Grandl Eeore and in
teurmediate landings every Saturday at 5 a. '
The steamer
1RZ. W.IR'Y.A.. !
will leave New Orleans for Grand Ecore and in.
termediate landings every Tuesday at 5 P. x.
This arrangement will continue until high
water permits the BArT ABsl to resume her re
gular trips, of which due notice will be given.
For freight or passage apply on board or to
JULES E. MESSI. Agent
PRIVATE BOARDING HOUSE,
-BY
F. M. HARTMAN,
Sign, "The Travelers' Rest."
Trnudenu Street, NATCIuTOCHIES, La.
OARD fnrnisheld by the single meal, day
1 week or month. Rates as low as.the lowest
and tare the best the market affords.
Dee.5--3m.
Important Notice.
UBSCRIBERS to the GRAND Ecoan
JAND NEW ORLEANS PEOPLE'S LINE
PACKET COMTPANY, are hereby notified
that the first Instalment of the amount
subscrlnbed (25 per cent on each share) is
now due. They are respectfiilly invi
ted to come forward and settle at once
their indebtedness.
By order of the Directors,
L. )DUPLEIX,
Nov. 28.--ff. Agent.
2!pl>0rayennt-Men,
womlen alltl agents, we have just what
you need Our 9xl1 Mounted Chromos
outsell anything in the market. Mr. Per
sons write: "I struck out yesterday, and
by working easy four hours, cleared $7."
A lady has just reported her profits t:r
the forenoon as $5; yesterday up to 2
o'clock she cleared $7 50. We can prove
beyond question that one agent ordered
5, 600 of these chromos in eleven work
ing days. We have the largest and finest
assortment in the United States; hun
dreds of choice subjects from which to
select. We will send you an assorted 100
of the best selling free of chargeson re
ceipts of $650. Send in your orders or
gve us a call. Samples by mail 25c., or
12 for S$.
BOSTON FRAME AND CHROMO CO.,
292 Washington St., Boston, Mass.
P, O. Boxr 262.
WEEKLY ENQUHIRER,
A Paper for the Peole, a Friend of the
Farmer and Indlustrial Classes,
A llEAUTIFITL
NEW CHIROMO
EN:ST!TLED
"Perrf's tVie'ory!"
GCirlio ercr $2 00 SubsRcribeLr.
This picture reprensents Conm. Oliver II. Per
Vry in the g't iof ptssinit flrom one ship t loit I.nh i
in i a small opeln hiea, iuhring the heat of battle,
ex.p,,sed to the the of the enemy.
It Measures 16 by 221 Inches,
Tis nrtistir ally finished In thirteen e t,lrt and i1
nodoubtedly the most derit'ble lhr-mo ',er'
oti-red ,a aa pretium. Sin-hl etphis fi it isel! st
SIlull. We hnave at, a great o"tlh eta-enIr d fhl
exelhtive cnltrn l a .d sale of it, andt! th..t,:ni
artll' nahled to prisent. it. to noir I nas rort as e..
The Eniut v I t sill stands pre enmn tt l s n
first clIssi Newspaper. Its various departnwnt s
allotteld to
Editorial., Jlu morou,
Agriculture, P'oetri,
Correspondenee, T'elegrilhic
Andl General cewu.
All give evidltne of th ecare and paitns taken
to suptlly it s tende'rs with all the news tand ait
variet 1-of readi tg that cutanot fail to inter-.,t
each atnd (very I'IItn'h- of the homsehold. S,
scrib, t nhroghi Lour lne lents or senld ir li tet o us.
Wo\ desi.te : Il agelnt atll every I' POst Otlie, antl
Wnhet.r none are yetietoppninted, let asonl om ouf
tritenti apply for the agency.
Addlrtess
FARAiN & McLEAN, Publishers,
CINCINNATI. I).
". ; S .:W
WEEKLY AND) DAILY FOR 18753
'Ihe aplnroachi of the I' 'residential elee
tioln gives inu tsual illmportautio t to the
iivents .iand dtlevelopmenlts of- 1 7. We.
shall euleavo.r to describe tle a fully,
t•ithfnlly. and fIarhsly.
Till: W}EKLY SUN has now attain
e-l a cu'culatiot, of over saeveaty thoul
sanid copiest. Its readers are found in
every State ani Terrtitory, and its nqualli
tv is well known to the pitblie. We
hlliall not only etndeavtor to keep it filly
Iup to the old ,stanildard, hut Io imuprove
andl1 add to its variety alld power.
TIlE WEEKLY SUN will continue to
lie a thorough niewspaptro. All the ne,,yvs
of the day will be i;inid in it, coiintkis
ed when unlimportant, at full length
whlle of tlolllenlt, ;ltid alwlays, we tirust,
trieated in a clear, interesting antd in
Structive leannller.
It is otr aim to mtlake the Weekly snu
the be.st fainly newspaper in the world.
It will he fuil it entertniniilng and ntp
propriate readinng ofe every sort, but will
Irinlt nothing to otlffnd th'e most scruln
lous and delicate taste. It will always
contain the most interesting stores nl Id
roianauces of the day, carefully selected
and legibly lrinlted.
Thi Agricultural Department is a
promineint feature in the Weekly Sun,
mand its articles will always be found
fresh and useful to the farmer.
Tile numnher of mIen independent in
politics is increasing, and the Weekly
Sull is their paper especially. It belongs
to no party, and obeys no dict:ition, col
tending for principle, and for the election
of the best tminn. It exposes thie corrup
tiqn that disgraces tie country andt
thrleatens the overthrow of republican
institutions. It has ito fear of knaves.
and seeks no favors from their support
ers.
The markets of every kind and tlhe
fashions are regularly reported in its
columnns.
Tile price of the WEEKLY SUN is ont'
diollar a ye'ar for a sheet of eight ipages,
arnld fifty-six columns. As this bIarely
pays expenses of paper andt printilg, we
rin nota able to make any discount or al-i
lowl ayl premiulll to fri-laS wnho nlay
mintake snecial eflrts to extend its eCireul
tion. Under tih new law wlhich re
qluires ~laymnellt of ponstage ni adhvance,
one dollar a year, with twenty cents the
cost of prepaid postate added, is tie rate
of sunbscription. It is not neccsatry to
get up a club in order to have tlhe Week
ly Su1111 at this rate. Any one whno stnnIds
one dollar and twenty cents will get the
paper, post.-paid, for a year.
We hnave no traveling-tginttt s.
THE WEEKLY SUN.-Eight pnages,
fifty-six colnmns. Only $1.20 a year,
Itostage prepaid. No discounut front this
rule.
THE DAILY SUN.-A large four-page
newspaper of twenty-eight colmnn ls
Daily eirculation over 1lt 000. All the
lews for 2 cents. Snlneription, postage
prepaid 55 cents a mouth, or $050 a yea'r.
To clnis of 10 or over, a discount of 20
per cenut. Address.
"THIE SUN," New York City.
The Saturday Evening Post.
Tihe Oldest and Best Story Paper Pub
lished.
Founded August 4, A. D. 1821.
For more than half a century the
Saturday Evening 'Post has been tIhe
GREAT LITERARY WEEKLY
of the Country, and Inhas ever horne a
widespread and unblemished reputation
for the unsurpassed purity, retinement
and excellence of the Serials, Sketche's
and Miseellaneous reading matter.
It is pre-eminently
The Best Family Paper
that is published in this conntry, from its
never containing anything that would
otffend the feelings of aty one, either iil
a religions or political sense, or that
coultd not be read at any fireside without
objection fromnt the most famtidious.
Tho circulation of the Saturday Even
ing Post, thronugh not quite so large
perhaps, as its -oaunger contempanoraries,
is not, like that of some of tnhem, fluctu
ating, and too often short-lived, hut
SURE, SOLID AND SUBSTANTIAL,
based npon the intrinsic merit of the pa
per itself and not dependent on any ex
traneons inflnenees, such as the populari
ty of individual writers, &c.
Obod, however, as thie Saturd!ay Even .
ing Post hIas been in the past, it is our
intention to make it, still better in the
filtture, and with this object in view we
will effect a marked improvement in eve
ry departmeut of the paper; and will
call to onr assistance writers of admnitted
ability and known reputation.
By increasing its formner attractions,
and adding rumany judicionus and pIleas
ing novelties, by stuldying how to please
and cultivate thie popular taste, by in
creasinug industry and enterprise, and by
enlarged facilities, we hope to make new
friends with each and every issue, and
continue to maintain the claim of the I
Satnrday Evening Post to its title of Tui :
OLDEST AND TIJE BEST Of Famnily Story
Papers,.
I Termi: to 'u-ii.: r :
OI ( year1' I ov ". i , ,, , "(
" o2 lcies 5.*gtJ Tw'o IInu1 !!. -t
" 4 CObpiks t1. (I 'T'hree )l. )
9 cop)ies 2(0.) F.out:r rno Ii~
Tcany on'Tn'e sPlli:t 420 f(or : ('l 1,
ention. We Emula.v no Tav,.;in, Ag'11.
All commulnicatiouns mut Ih athlr.,,'l 1.
l. J. C'. \VATLKI,:! . P'rolietor,
77 \VWallut IStret.
A 1~q1,rei.tativw, and Ch:aink.n oft Ame: i an
Art '"tte'
Trnrrcri for ,.i-Eli tu tear.
TIll AI'T IJOLRNt L I A A AOUi .t..
64iA Jag:nifihent (t: ,lptionl. n ,i .1.Th . ,
t'a r'l li[ on ."r
-r
The nlle'.s*!y iof a lllular 1:, !inn fl.:
the Ie relli ti.lraiioi or' tilt, J 'rl:ctioh, Io"
ou11 great art!$,; ha! always .tb r'cogl.
1iz"1110 and 111:00 111y w; -111.-4 hart, Stle
iilaihlt to Ilelt't, I lit w I lV; it. '11"i nt 'lli(:,lt'ie
faiilttires \\iichll S~o ii rilbi il ty ,!l '1,w 10,d 1h
ailtemlipt in tii:N roilil tr to Sl lli aill
Cliet o ht i iii people of America ft tih
ciilrtis of hiigh art. 0o ,soiu ai a pri :r
I rilriilat lioi of file itntii :ntl a ln ilith1 )"
to meet it wee hil'olwn. tihll puhlic at
ionce rallied with ienthaiilSm!ll to il slip
por., altid the riI'sillt ;was a g..it :t rti,,tit
aridil conllllnei il trlilllllph-'l 'l tI AL IlX :.
TIHE AIINEII, whiloe issued with all tihe
regularit.y, has nonelle oft the Ieiliporryl or
tiimelV it irest chlitractlerilii ttf lrtdinltrv
leri, dial . I is an elegtrtt inise. l:inl
olf par, light and gracefulliitratlure and
It ctllection of piirties, Lthe ratest silli
miens of arti:'tii, skill, Mu black ald whiie.
ltlhiJlougli etiih suieediiiiug niuIb.r t it )li'ds
. fresi h pleairh; lle to its f'ri-t-wis, the 1-v:11
itilnie aiil beailtV of lltli Au.liNl: will he,
liost i lllprecialtd flter it hiiis lbt, ! holltli
its t theI; acl ten,f t.'he ar. While hCh,-r
ourian?. l elaiu 'p.fri TrE Ales. :.s
muso e ared will 1r10 nl, of a simi.ilar ciass,
rho LDIN, is a utritly ane ori ,l oistit:-tion,
rlrotioln-al o and Uiaprnet. Ited nasiol
lintely without comnlp.titionl ill price or
hil r ctlr. Tite i Llsessor of Iad iilltcil ti
olumt tate, canno that d tlle diri(ulicit the ltii
line papllti l iii igirati11s i ll an ii a i her
ALape or i l a ,erolif volumtles fier ten t.ie's
its llot lls allhe t there is the Chironst
Hiesithes!
INE is a strictly Ail eriItnlr instit:tion,
plates tiro, ot confine itself entirely to thlo
reproductio of lnative arlt. Its ( ii de,ils
s ton cultivate ait brload and prciatlsuiv
art taste, one that will discrimi, niate on
ion grtliinds ofi inlltrisic ultlrit. ThiS.
hile. plaing beforelr the poae ltronsh of TI!
ALIDINE. as a leading chiracteriti,, the
proution s of thie rtist too lnoted Ato ric:l
artists, attention will "litrwas le ivln Tio
specimenE is fromi freignt asters, givinll
subscribnterest all the rpleas and istru.
tion obtsaiiher from ho18e llor foreig
The artistl ortrit, i oil colorson of trl
scenery, original with THE AL)I\E, is
anilm importlut feature, and itre n:agnii'en
plates are of a iize ti#ter Ilpipro,, i ito, to
tih, satisfaetorv treitnuteit of detlail
than can lie att ffordcted so n atte intion,
paille. The a udelom in e rer h rsiom of
tlsodyc lovpe, mari, ia dog, and tie niorrail
is ejects, Istain an uthe iab ted t interest
impossible where il re senle of tle wori-k
confines the artist too closely to a sii.ý,le
style of itlf . The lite. T. De it t THEi
ALDINE is a light and gra,efula acct i
plnintent, worthy of thone atitic seel
tores, with only sneh technical disqi isi
thions l do not iterfere will have hpopl
lr interest of the work.
Premiuml for 1875.
Every subsriber foAL for 1875 will reeive
a beautiful portrait, in oil colors, of tih
sante noble do;; whose picture in a for
ller issuelltt attracted so much attentid ton,
'MAN'S UNSELFISH FRfE.I)"'
will be a welcome in every home. Eve
rybody loves such a dog, and the portrait
is executed so true to the lift, that it
eeals the veritable presece of the ofi
Thage tellai own this oriwi Nlew of udlandl
og (the finest in Bresklyn, bicharks ,i it!
bithough oe natural, o one witr. seesT
eliher t fearies of fobeing bitte. li
Bee iese the dhrono, every ad2,a0 nc
nstitbuted as soonmb, and tie srited toi fll
alill the privileges of ech ic . ltI,
ilTHE ALDINHE ART UNIE. Thi
tare Union owplies the origirals whof all
fotoe parintings and engravilg ptl are toi
Ivery series oilaf se.00t on slliiObers.100 if
cloistributed as soota a the series i fll,
TERM-S:
One Subscription, entitIinh to TiTil"
ALDINE one year, the Chromo
and the Art Union,
$06.00 per annum, in advance.
No charge for postage.
SDpecimen Copies of TIlE ALDINE, 50 ctt.
lThe ALIDIN. will herea 'ter Ihe obtlinahll
only by subsI.ription. There will be ,t,
reduced or club rate; c::sh fotr subsCri)p
tions must be !sent to tilh lulilslslie ,i irct,
or handed to tihe local eI;lnlllsser,, witholut
responsibility to the pllulishlers, o(lly in
eases where the certitil'lte is givenl, bear
ing the fac-simniih, ;ignlature of Jaacs
Sutton, Presidenllt
CANVA88EIuS WANTED.-Any pleronll who
wishes to act pelrtumltillly as a locwal can
yasser, will receive full and plro:illpt in -
orination by applying to
TilE ALDINE COMPANY,
58 Mlaidenl Lanle, NEW YORK
O. IShakl ath,
Boot and Shoe Maker..
iHALLENGES the world ftor nealtnE,
nand durability of work. ?Sati.tt,:tinl
in fit and material gu.araite.d
Jhne p on S`t. Denis St.
,Tape 201-1y.