OFFICIAL
i.pr flbtslhU CityofNelathite1m
IAS, I. 0ROVE , * . * Editor.
ATURDAY,. - -. JAN. 4, 179.!.
had We nve* ea or rerlsh. Credt;
assassin
The legislature now assembling pudiatoi
bu a duty to perform, which re- ubch of
gquls the loftiest patriotism: inspire
After a struggle, extending over S
The job
twelve months, the people have too pal
triumphed over all rings and com eothubo
bIsutiouns The
The "bond holders, alarmed by their s
the bond sharks of Caroudelet and depths,
the Warrant Shavers of the flags, over ti
termed a eoalation with the Lot The
tory Company and the unlawful ov*r tl
and vicious monopolies of the ""
State to prevent a new and honest
andphope fi
seasttution-the prayer and hope iniq
to the Louisiana patriot. enteo
That combination, with all its over t
power and money, has been sig- manw
masy routed at the polls, and it re- while
masias for the Assembly, the per. earner
sonflcation of that victory, to give s a h
edot to the valor of the people. loan "
We believe they are equal to the eipl
sublimity of the task. They are
takh from the womb of the citi. No
am. Before them is the enemy ,and
oear liberty and the spoil hunt- conv
mi, as well as our glory and pros- earns
peuty; behind, the gloomy visage; accol
the muttering thunder that pres Vets
age the political doom of any man W
Who has been chosen to execute b"
the demand of the hour and falters ot
la his work.
FErward is victory; to the rear
lsdegadation and political death.
Bvery effort of legislation must ion
!ted to the call, at ones, and ear- ,,
ly mumbling 'of a Constitutional eral
t mventaron. Every opponent to riot
at Cooatituati--be he high or to
low, in power or out-must be un the
masked; his motives exposed and h
is exDilefom the ranks of the pa
lstv oesmpleted. It is a matter
dof osy to temporlis longer with
mules ofpopular liberty. They
emalad do exist in our ranks as p0
wel asain the enemy's. Let their so
estepliatle he none the less sure. the
eait an United States Senator. 37
S speal every monopoly on theit
tattebooks, and thereby strike
th vitals of our neldrions foes.
' CALL A CONTITUTIO1NAL
COBBTION, 1ol ANll nLY 41,
ATr a APILI
A4jouran
Around theus demands let every I.,
n who loves his his tate, his peo- in,
ple and houer, raly. On them to
build yew eombination; stamp ce
them as your banners and con.
quor by their signs.
The people at your homes, from o
whebme you are called to enforce
heir, mandates, await you with
the elvia crown or the lash of
peopalar raoro.
Chose between them I
U n1E5 130 1 1n1 CAPIT- L,
We are told that Blunt has been '
befre the U. 8. grand Jury three
lseveral times.
,,; That the grand jury found no
eoewaoe in Blunat's talk.
That they failed, or refused, or
gs~led, or did not, had a bll of i
hlsdteuat thereon. Ii
"'' st Nthey are wanting more r
l ht that they hope to get it, and I
hlt they will wait the result of
rashy's indietments before pro. I
seeding flrther
That the Hornby indietments
w1leasu dI a Sasstc.,&c.,& e.
If any s* eesa d osolation
h theabove e"mass," to good.
It israport~d that Leanrd, Dis
tst Attoaney, has sid that no t
il nmmat hw be foand against I
adbe peOp
958 SaL I
A itar member of ear subesrip.
Mees egila with the saw as. The
Vasese0ea has mveo miimed a suma
te dled to eaut the demaudu d
i9r1r arenpaper. Tlhle ia
: ams heetd etep; itheas eme.
S Inelmpei em its brt, nad
a phem isneag be tuas Ir
:0e'g 3151 te ~nb ,ls
• xmuee, w.
V bpus;~eab
Bats Isprevig Sin. Tnrte
.__ New Orle
The Stock Exchange of New Or- the Januw
leans has met in the interest of the versation
honor of the State. Their action expresa
would be commendable could it strike truth coo
the people seriously, but they are in- views of i
elined to laugh at this effort of Satan itg." Say
to reprove ain. isians cot
The Stock Brokers of Carondelet tlhe carne
rushing to the rescue of the State niniatral
credit; boldly standing before the tIheSatio
asaseiio of the State's honor-the re- tie State
; pudiator-is a spectacle blending too lieved pr
. much of comedy with setiousness to "For
inspire the public with any deg ing rVpo
r re q( faith in their protestations. of a pro
The joke is new, but it is entirely tions.
too palpable and broad to create any stite te
eathusiasm. tion ore
The Time and Picuape have had Fanth
Y their souls stirred to the serenest The
d depths, and they weep tears of blood seen,
5, over these degenerate days and men" I
t The Times, deep ino its affliction
i eover the wounded honor of the State, liably i
he is seemingly ready to disgorge that tached
at J6,000 it plundered the Charity Hos notn-p
pital foud of. The PicaMsue, old in a few
iniquity, livin a life of infamy and earthly
contentment, sheds tears of anguish seeaed
its over the strtnded credit of our comn- State
ig- manwealth, and we call to mind, mitthe
re- while moved by the pathos of its despot
er. earnest appeal, that it too may offer and a
iveas a help thatus $5,000 it accepted as a low
loaa from Kellogg to desert the prin- The
the ciples of justice and the people, in the will vi
person of Governor McEnery, in on to
are 187cour
t Now that all these elements of past the
my and present sin are in moods fit for
tlt- conversion, we commend for their
The
roe- earnest and quiet reading the Gospel "view
ge; according to Mathew; Chapter IV, th de
res- Verse 11. the io
nan Which goeth thusly : Stock
"Then the Devil leaveth him, and
htre behold, Angels came and ministered hmro
unto him." We
rearI Th New 0rles as emerat. our p
ath. We e - less
t. We believ e reflect public opio- made
mst ion--in this locality at least-when Stoci
e we smy, that the New Orleans Demso- their
coal cats has the sympathy of every pat- mik,
t to riot in the State in its vigorous, and
h or to this time successful, war against I
the Louisiana Lottery Company and A
d kindred monopolies in New Or- ban
leans. St.
p But, is this sympathy alone what is from
it required to support a newspaper ing
We think not! dre!
TheY While we we ympathise let as sup tenm
k sU port! We owe it to oarsslvet to do tak
their so; and that support mast- some in mit
sare. the shape of muase wherewith tyran- visi
astor. ny, in Lotteries or whatsoever shape ea
Stheit should come, may be resisted. the
Let tweaty-Mf e thousand country time
stri Democrats respond with their ebscrip- die,
Lione at once I and we, to lead, will this
I forward all from this parish who de.- I
sire to aid freedom's cause. wit
Let it not be maid that monopo die
lists have power to destroy oar de ne
e *erT CnYuders-the Pres. The State priln
I pe0 ing, the DawocuAT, has oaundertaken t
them to do fr niothing. Its support mast an
stamp come fnnrom patriotic people. w
1 eon- Come in with names and money- rl
and we will keep a standing colemn ,h
m , of the VmwrtcnToS open to record all chi
re who ubnhecribe.
Will oar confreres of the country te
a ith press aid in this undertaking gel
Let us bear from them I
-- -·-*m
One Thnlg Hore.
T. We beg to csail the attention of oar Vi
'ngislature to a fact, which mast be
isbeen meamplissed before the legislature
thre adjourns.
It Is the settled purpose of the pen.a
nile of this State to support in New
lad no rlane-and that support they are w
willing to he taxed for--s paper out- g
sd, or side the llinec of all rings, cliqgs
bll of and monopolies; eondueted in dtie c
interest of the people and good gov
more ernament, and edited by men whsue
It, d lives are an earnest of their faith. m
es lt of Such a paper is the New Orlcanr s
r pro DamuocanT. TIe law regulating pub.
lie priating had for its purpose ime
emOployment of this paper, and only he
the tlrimmin cwardice of the legis i
tIee Ila delaging the pe,,ple's wanni
Osao ud desire in a sea of wards, ad
S thle straioed efLrt of a Printing Board I
d, Die that desies to usuorp judicial taue- y
lst Do lios sad oeastrue law, keeps the law
atnslstfrom having that effeet. a
The legislature muost arrenct this at l
once. Let them fa by law a fair rate g
for the priating of the State, aind
eled the Sew Orlesas Demsscrt to 1
s do ni t !l
We mention this as port of the le
weak to be dose by or Assembly, i
sand it is of seuch vast importaance that
the people eatertain a lively hope it
we -. will net be overlooked.
0  Oer latest he New Orlesus lndi
)e nthe msthat tkhesu polItal er5ets will
e se of ant amean to an thing beoyead per
a t we seneltaee. We we cathat
sir aI the ligedeas e r..ref sed tobe I
p s f pae ttheu presut eieos, at ethat
Mnlas amssmdls to She Oni Juy had
iwme lid to eS them to ilit. Hew o
a pjsbs aissI* hi $ ll this, *r*w
.I
Tnar JA~t'AR lNT ITrES. -- The "tirst
New Orleans Times. in speaking ofer dleb
the January interest, says the con " dn
versation with "a prouminet congress- "where r
Imad" who Clame to tihe city for tile that "(
express plrPIose of ascertaiinlg tile "Revels
truth concerning tile interest and the "gave a
views of officers of the State. "thav- "Commi
ing." says the Timne., "induced a nom- s.
bt.r of his friends to invest in Lon. are thus
isiansm Consul., fully Ielieving it to le sociatinl
t the earnest desire of the present ad-. Republi
e ministration to maintainl the honor of pride to
tihe State he beholds with much mor- hack of
titication an apathy on the part of who nas
tihe State officials, which he never be- in the
0 lieved possihle. votes tl
o "For weeks past lie has bwen nrg- publican
0 ing upon Gov. Nicholls the imumens" sy tiere
importance to the entire coaunmlnity oclacy,
of a prompt pay ment of our obliga- party of
ly tions. He even went so for as to erywhe
my state that a default on the January ance o
interest would damn his administra. amendi
ad tion forever. ied en
Father on it says:
et The member of the committee citizen
d seen, stated tiat there can be no was i
.0 question whatever that govelnmental soverei
o imbicility is the chief cause of the amend,
present exigency. He had been re- not all
te, liably informed that the governor at. te otli
mat tached no special significance to the cel or I
~a non-payment of the coupon at tile TIe e
date of its nmatlurity, considering that
a few weeks more or less made no ship i
mnd earthly difference. Similar views them,
lash seemed to be entertained by other lataeM
mn. State officers; but notwithstanding tie it
lthese disourmmging facts, the com- wuld
nd' mittee had determined to make one surpri
itdesperate effort in behalf of tile State propo
iFer and ask the co-operation of their m
as a fellow citizens in a matter in which aman
rall are interested.
Tlhe committee during tile morning spent
the will visit tle corporations called up- vey l
in on to-day, anld if they oiffer any en- cla
couragement there is every hope that Perim
the money will be raised. let il
for The above we extract from the omt tl
Shreveport Tises, 1st inst. seces
heir The Times (N. 0.) also gives the Unio
11 ,"views" of the Stock Exchange on Ocetl
timhe debt question and the payment of Gene
the interest thereon. Some of these law 1
Stoek Exchange men insist that taxes too,
tad should be paid in July instead of De- "neil
tered and
cember. with
We would be pleased to know how came
our people could pay anything, much day
less taxes, before their crops are seen
opio- made, harvested and sold. These
when Stock'Brokers have bought long, and
)So' their fury at losses has led them to TI
Sat- make consumate asses of themselves. tile
I, and raul
ainst How Diphtheria Was spread. Brit
onull
Snd A few weeks ago, says the St. Al- retr
r Or- bans (Vt.) Measenger, a little girl in prej
St. Albans, who had just recovered by
bat is from diptheria, was taken by her pa- con
rects to visit a family in a neighbor- ene
ing town. Smhe slept with the chi- red
dren in that family, and shortly af- dies
a snp. terward three or four of them were of I
to do taken with the malady, and some dec
have since died. The family per-. oo
me tted relatives and neighbors to ed
tyran- visit them, and the result is several wei
shape eases in the neighborhood. They wal
1, had public fonerals, even keeping e's
the remains of one child s an unusual o
ntry times waiting for the other one to abe
b cr"p- die, so as to bury them together; and sat
d, will this also spread the contagion. The wit
rho de hysielan was not powerfully iaprese a.,
ed-as some phiysiciani are aot- er
with the contagious character of the as.
nopo- disease; thetefhre he did not take the fgo
,our de nmcemary precautions for the prote- del
Spil tion of the neighborhood or of his ye
own family, and the result is that one w
,rtaken *d his own ehildren has died and p
rt mast another is dangerously ill. A lady o
who went to one of tlhese houses to pa
robe thie vietims for the grave has ad
o lney caled at houses in thie vicinity where an
olumn there ar ehildren, without oany of
ord all change of her garments or any at- b
tempt at dieinfection, and has fondled in
tim children in those families, appai- M
rently in utter ignorancee of the dan- c
ger to which she was exposing tmhemu. w
IVLUD 03 LAW.
Sof our Vapid Teefleratieas of the PaM ,~.. O.
mnat be Times-A Te for the Scalps ef tl
isature the BUideers. c
We extract time followilg from Ilmel]
the peN. O. Times 2atll. It goee a great ae
hey re way to prove that in their packing a
per not- grand jury to persecute citisens, the
,eiquges Timas has been secured as an advo- e
in tie cate of tile tyrants:
There is but little to learno from the a
SUnmited States grand Inry, froum tihe
n ws (fact thiat what might te given to tile f
liIi. gublic wonldl but tend to defeat thle
Orleans ends ofjstiee Tihey lave determimn- e
ml. ed to a mamo, however, to see that all I
i vimlators of the United States inaw. *
Sth w hetlher wihite or black, shall nt their
ad onlly hanmds receive full and merited pun.
lelEgis ishment to the very extent of theil
im ani Iower. Many indicinments have been
folnd, aind .the arrests will most iI
rts, ad speedily follow. It is to be hoped
IgBard that ilmoodshled will be unnecessary;
al t uan- yet, i it requlires'that lives shall be
the law crifceed in the upholding of tle laws d
of time state and country, the state r
authorities stand ready to aid the gov
t this at ernmment in its attempt to bring aill
air rate guilty parties to justice. If events
Sare kept gaquiet, it is, as already said,
e a for the publice good. At the proper
!et imel, and as soon as time will permit,
fall and complete asounta will be 1
I of the readered, for the benefit of all whom
is mybl, concern.
ues that w uDp . laalm.
[N. Y. World.,
ns mdi. It looks very mush asi If we shrol
se il mthe Republesa party before loag
mwarchiag uader teeners isedrbed
raad pe "White men sharll rule Ameries;"
t d that William Lloyd Oarrien, Wendell
sd to e Phillips and company screaming
atat 'Weald ye lioke your daughter to
marry a negrot" and Colonel Pat
la Daesn, aer-while of the Iaelgton
t. H erw (leo) .m e.s, dclarl s editor
ag gew e of the tlame feueded liesre
5i tSl vote. Theai we sharll have
o aiu* Setetauce to abbolish ave.
Luary setM temiesto 's
abe p da ed tlhat sale
sg aeuaIe wi bebrdu
"tirst Presidential receptionu;"' Li.t NW
her husband "has never been invited -
"to dine at the White Housne orelse
"where with a party of Senators," and
that "Genemal Grant never invited
"Revels, of Missississippi, and when he
"gave a dinner' to the uanto Domingo NEI
I"Commissioners left out Fred Doug
lass." The Republican Presidents
are thllus lelarltl if thme stigma of its E 0
sociatiln with *the nigger," and the NEW 01
lRepublicaln $eintoti elan point with i
f pride tom the fact tihait they kept Pinh- ANS
. back out his sElt. Folr tie nilger TA
f who nas no fullther tfullidy tot de1oolit
in the Freedmen's Bank and who
votes the Dem.crlittic ii''" .'. lie - *e
publican llparty lis ie. . rThie do
Sy therefore devo. est u poiU the eim
y Oclacy, which hillm alwa" s been tihe
. party of the Constitutiol rol lis ev- Maria L
o erywhere declared its loyal accept
ance of that instrumenlt and its Tex
m. amendments, to see that the colored
citizen in South Carolina is protect
ed in his rights as well as the coloured
te citizen in Massachusetts. The issue
mo was finally settled by the war; the Silver
al sovereign States set their seals to the
he amended Constitution, and we shall ,
e. not allow Mr. Page, of California, and
t. the other White Riepublicans to can
lne cel or put in peril tilhse great results.
le The colored citizens of tie Soutlm
atshall not tIe deprived of tihe citizen
Sshil which the North conferred uipon
ws elme, and there is no need for the Aleqan
her late.Mr. Greeley's paper to say th,
Sthe thing may, can, might, coolest
would or lshllld lie done. We are
e surprised-nay, shocked-at such ia
ate propoitionu coming from a party
meir which for some twenty years made
ici amancipation anid negro suffrage its
watchwords, and for ten years has
ing spent its time and its energies in ur. For N'e
ip. veying the work of its hands and de
e. Elaing thait it wss entirely good.
hat Perhaps we speak with warnmth, but
let that be forgiven us. omote time
since THE WoiLU editorially pointed
e out that the next step would be the
secession of New England from the
the Union and its inevitable overthrow.
on occupation and reconstruction, and
in that article was drawn a picture of JO.
General Butler laying down martial
hese law to the conquered people of Boa
axes ton, issuing obnoxious orders to its The
De- "neither flamiboyant nor yet blanched days I
and etiolated" daughters, and toying all lute
with the contents of plate chests that C. S. i.
how came over in the Maytlower. The '
inch day of the fulfilment of the prediction 1E
are seems to be near at hand. wharmt
hese freight
and Capture of Cldald liodrigo. iomth
n to The capture of Ciudad Rodrigo, in couan
Ives. the late war in Spain, deserves to free I
rank with the proudest deeds of the Freigl
British army, it being probably the at lo
only well authenticated instance of a Throu
t. Al- retrenched breach, fully manned and fromn I
rl in prepared for defense, being carried Enroll
rered by an effort of cool and deliberate For
+r pa* courage against a brave and skillful or to
hbor- enemy. Lord Wellington, who di
chit- rected the siege, observing strong in
iy af- dications of an immediate advance Jan
were of the enemy to relieve the place,
some decided upon giving tihe assault as
per- soon as the breaches should be judg
rs to ed practicable. In consequence, such
veral were the exertions made to push for. h
They ward the attack that two good breaclh- h1
eplug as were effected on the thirteenth day and
nsutal notwithstanding the garrison tired ble w
ne to above eleven thousand large shells wati
; and and nearly an equal number of sltot
The wit t a sinlgle round being tired
pree- agailast haefese in return. Gen. Do
1ot- eral Pieton's division was directed mo
Of the assault the larger and General (raw- 7
f the ford's division thie lesser, while the
roteC- demonstration of an esealade, to di
of his vert thie attention of thie garrison,
at one was directed to be made tn thie )op
I and posiLte side of the pilace, by a body
Slady of the Portuguese, under General
se s to Pack. At 9 a. ni. the leading brig
rve has de of each division Imost eheerfuilly
where moved forward, preceded by parties
t arof sappers, carryimmg some hundred of
y at- bags tilled with hay, whicihe they threw
odledinto the ditch, to lessei its depth. , -
appa- Major-General MeKiunon's irst des
e dan- elmded oluplpsie i he gleat lereleh, mit
tlhem. which moment hundreds of shells amld
various eonlbumtilmlem, which had
been arranged along the front of the
rubbish, pemauturely explodedil, andt
eLhausted thellves hIefore the
i ** troops amriiid witiim tihe pliere of
** O their actimon. Thie mmnmi gumlliamtly ims
cendmed thie breach againist ai eqimally
gllllat resistance, alid it was not Un
til after a slharp struggle that tihe
Ste bayonets of the assailants prevailed 0o
agreat and gained them a hauting on the
ing a suomnsit of thIe ramnpart. There, be.,
haind an imnteriot retrenchment, tihe
s, te garrison redoubled their defensive
n advo efforts; but nothing could long resist
tile ardor of thie attacking columllis,
rem the mlhd tie Frenich gave way at tile very
o m time moment that thie lesser breach was
a to tile forced; tlheu, beinig atlacked onmhoth
et tIe flanks;, tmey toiok efllge i the Itowlii.
termi.- where theyv were pirued from Ilelise
t iatall ti hloi', till all tile aurvivors were NL
* inws. made prisoners.
at their
pu- A Constintutional Convention for
SbeeApril; an election from top to botto MI
I nmost in November, is the work for 1879.
hoped
r Grant for the Republicans and Til at
Llwas den for the Democrats, is the last
e state refulge for both parties in 1880. Mark
ohe rgor- a.words,
win ll
isFOR RENT.
ir One Hundred and Fifty acres of land
t, in high state of cnltivation. Penty of
be hosres. Good water.
" Apply to J. D. ADDISON,
liellwood, Natchitoches Parish.
Dec.28 3t.
FOR RENT.
I lantation on Bayou Pierre river,
I[l [ M joining the "Jordan Ferry," plan- WO
'S tation on the lower side, known as the o
d Krplace, for the year 1879. The plaee
r;" is tse nmost desirable on Bayou Pierrs
ht River, and will be rented on good term.
1100 and more acres were in eultivation
to In the year 1878. The place is about 0
miles from Brownsville on Red' River.
If the placee is well prepd and pro
a parly cultivated, willT yed one bale of
or settn and 40 to 50 b ebl corn per sere. F
- I have made t o i it.
S For Infoatm tibn of Terms, apply to W.
ad H. Jack, of Natchitoehe City, or to ths SU(
,lls andse135. Pouseliou gives let Jan.
i ary, Im9, or sooner..
3. RUFUS KING,
P. O. Box No. 95.
Den. . Sela, Ala., Dallas Co
, FOR iALE.
C. PALBAL & CO
i !ft New O sawea I
NE W ADYERr1 MENI' S. "V
RED RIVER F
I A SAW '
known as t
--AND-- Apply
NEW OBLEANS. oiland.
NEW ORLEANS and RED RIVER .1un. 4.
TRANSPORTATION COMPANY IUOICI
lit
11 STýEIY EIýýr t c.'
le 1+ý)ited 1
Maria Louise, of J. ihto
given to
Its Texas, show ca:
C. H. Durfee, granted.
edW. J. Iehan, Judge of
tie W)ec., A. I
lie Silver City, Jan. 4.
all Jewel,
utd
nts- Bonnie Lee, Successg
tlah Jo. Bryarly, Co
n Danube, to that e
the Aleqaudria, door oft
thet IWedue
I, Frank Willard, at ptbli
are Laura Lee, bidder
Lar L real est:
Lrty Ashland, eituated
its Cornie Brandon. otn the
has two (2)
sure toches,
For New Orleans, Jefftterson. and all legal re
de- points above raft, paying as mun
nod. particular attention (2110) t
butt to plantation inent I
time business. towush
ited t west, I
the towtsh
tithe FOR FULTON. to aing
and The Weekly Packet. tahe tl
re of JO. BRYARLY, Capt. Mat. L. Scovell, betwee
rtial decease
Boa- Leaves every Saturday. Alno
t its The above bIoats will leave oil the terest
nhed days mentioned positively, stopping at (I) sec
eying all internmediate points and carrying the mine,
that U. 8. imail. h3ndr7
The - [136 7
etion DETURNING, leaves New Orleans Also
iiL Wednesdays and Saturdays. No terest
whartboat charges will be tado on tract c
freight consigned to the Comnpany at the of sec
mouth of Red river. nine, I
Forwarding freight consigned to the hundr
o, in conpsaty at New Orleans will be handled (136 7
'o to free of drayage and commissions. case 8
S Freight consigned to the Company will Suzeti
always be sent forward by first boat and with I
ly te at lowest currentt rates. of freight. And
e of a Through bills of lading given to anl sectio
I and front all Eastern and Western cities and teta,
irried Europe. huudi
serate For freight or passage apply on board the C
illfol or to city
di- J. H. JORDAN, Shreveport,
g in . JOYCE, New Orleans.
an JOS. A. AIKEN, President.
vance Jan. 4.-ly. Jut
place, - -
1it as STRAYED OR STOLEN.
!, sh TWO Texas mules on Sunday last. One Sucn
It for. 1 gray mare mule, branded J4 on left
reach h- p, and one light sorrel mare mule- -one 1)
rl da eyed, no brand remembered. Both fat
y and newly roached. Will pay a snita- Paris
I red ble reward for their recovery, or infor- rect.
shells wation leading to same. the I
I shopt F. N. TAUZIN. lng t
g ired or J E. ME81. o'cl
Gene Dee. 21-into. Ho
eted o m -- -- -- 1W
to d.7 The Live Grocery *
t. op. SUGAR, Cloc
COFFEE,
Sbody FLOUR, anid
leneral TEA. Wil
g big~ LARD, kino
e rfully BACON, ad
paties HLAMS, t
dred of SHOULDERS, low
dth PORK, aed
pth. IsG' FEET, 46
pamela, at TRIPE, (71)
hlch, at CORN BEEF, ltiu
l I lta MEAL, ent,
Sof the CORN,
,cl, and BRAN
re the MOLASSES, 0
pere of CoAL OIL, day
* l WHISKEY. legI
eqitully BRANDY, the
5o 0 unt GIN, pur
hat tie WINES, or
revailed CORDIALS, ,
on tite BUTTER. ,
re, PICKLES, l
at, e PRESERVES,
efensrie JELIIES,
g retiet SPICES,
ls, BUTTER,
rhe very CHEESE,
Sn SAUSAGES,
o urtsotha ONIONS. Pit
i toawm. POTATOES, on
a Inmee chi
are were NUTS,
OILS, the
MUSTARD, imi
DRIED and GREEN FRUITS SIl
a bottoa MINCE MEATS, Je
SAUCES.
&ec., &e., &e.,
And all Oroceries kept in a well regnu
d Til ated 8tore.
). Mak CHABRLE8 L'HERISSON,
Waeluigtos 8reet,
of land NATC HITOCHES, LA.
ry, " pln Works: Chlriionan, Lu acsster Co., Ia. J
Wt as th. Olee: S23. Heaver St., York, Pa.
(At the Old Stand.) .
--DBALER IN
perar. FAIMIL Y GROCERIES
pply to W. -Consistiag of- t
or to t SUGAR,
COFFEE,
or~s. i FLOUIR,
Dl la s C o. - BACON,
LARD, and
FANCY GROCERIES.
Spi I am .offering at lower prises than ever.
&CO Give e a eall.
aISS) IA Des.?, 1578.
FOR SALE OR RENT.
A SAW MILL in good running order,
known as the Martin Saw Mill. itol
Apply to L. CASPARI. tin
Also for Sale or Rent, a plantatiofl on Cat
Saline Bayou. containing 1040 acres, .00
open land. t rms ea:tsy.A Tor l
Appll to L, A lIN. or a
. .r..I. S..`I'I,;'III"E VIA. ye
JUDICIAL ADVERTISE I"'TS, ,,t,
NOTICE. q ,tit, Ir,
C 'C.tessioI J. I1 'unker', i'det. olllh cast
It. GUNTER havini, filed his a p- Sctiui I:
. 1*plwicaltion in th a oulice to be ap. west qua
pointed A:dministrator of the Suiccession range e6 '
of J. iBunker, dc'd. Notice is hereby quarter S
given to all whom it may concern to te of nor
show cause within tenu days from this ship 12, r
date. why said application should not be The HMr
from Mrs
grantwql. twetty at
Witness the lion. P. A. Simmons,
Judge of said Court, on this 31st day of bo iso da
Dec., A. D., 1878. Also. LAPLACE,
JNO. LAPLACE,
Jan. 4.2t. D'y. Clerk. sisting of
calves, I
SUCCESSION SALE. brick, fua
Succession of Marceliu Tau:in, dec'd.
Y virtue of the IIonorahle the Parish Cash
C) ourt qf the parish of Natchitoches,
to that etffect granted and to me directed. Dec. 1
I will ofler for sale at the Court Hlouse
door of the parish of Natchitoehes, on
Wednesday, the 5th of February., 1879.
at public outcry, to thet last and highest J. U
bidder all of the following described
real estate belonging to said Succession, Parii
situated in this parish, to-wit :
A tract of land known as Cllly Point, TN this
L on the south side of lae tel re noir, aholt I the e
two (2) miles from the town of Natcht- plaint ill
toches, being the claim confirmed by the ,le.iand
all legal representatives of Edward Murphy. adjudge
as ununber twenty-one hundred iand ten cover J
(2110) and designated in the Govern- solving
inent Survey as section thirty-nine (39) gains he
township - north, range eight (8) and th
west, and section forty-seven (47) ii against
township nine (9) range seven (7) con- for the t
taitning in all six hundred and ninety- doll:rs,
two acres, (;9'2) acquired by Marcelin est tler
T1auzin from Thomas liunter, by Act of mieit, tl
the 8th July, 1863. HlIehl in community ttite of
evell, between Mlarcelin Tanzin and lhis pre- and eit
deceased wife, Azelia Perot. Judge
Also the undivided one-third (k) in- Thus
the terest of Marcelin Tauzin in Lot No. one Court 11
ig at (I) section number live. (5) township 1878.
g the nine, (9) range eight, (8) containilg one [Sign
hundred and thirty-six anid 74-100 acres,
[136 74-100].
leans Also the undivided one-third [f] in
o terest of Marcelin Tauzin in a certain
e on tract of hland, being lot number one, [1]
at the of section number five, [5J townshlipl ccI
nine, [9) range eight. (8) contaiiingtone correct
the hundred and thirly-six 74.100 acres til in
dled (136 74-100, acquired at Sheriffs sale in
sions. case Steward, Hyde & Co., vs. Madame IL.S.]
uwill Suzette Buard, and held in commnnunity
t and with his surviving Widow.
eight. And also another tract of land being
o and section number twelve, (12) township
a and ten, (10) range ten, '10) containing six
hundred and forty acres, (640) known its . Seri
board the Clhamard claim, also held in contn
nity with his surviving Widow.
t, Terms of Sale: Pr
Cash, with the benelit of :Ippraisement.
J. I)UCASSIE,
Jan. 4.-t4id. Adminiistrator. 1 ii
N. SUCCESSION SALE. and v
t. One Succession of Alexis Cloutier, dec'd. lih
e-. Y virtue of an order of the Iion, toche
oth fat I Judge of the Parish Court' of the Salle
saita- Parish of Natchitoches, anld to tie di- the f
- iufor- rected, I will pIoceed to re-oirbir for sale A
the following described property belong. iinprc
[N, uing to Alexis Cloutier. deceased, at 1'2
81. o'clock . atthe door of the Court 77-10
House of this parish, o bank
Wednesday, January tl 15thl87) , abore
to.wit: of 01
The plantation whereon Marioe Luce chase
Bertheling Rachal resided, at the time in th
of the death of her husband, Alexis tio
Cloutier, oni Cane river, in this parish, Cane
inclulding five arpents fronllt of hind in of
said river, between the plantation of contr
Widow Dalechamup and that fomerly the I
known as the Francois Gaiennie place, lmin
N, and on the right bank, bounded above
L, by the plnaltinl of Able Sers, aind be
DERS low by that of Francois Adle, now own- t
ed by Alver M. Day, containing live itre
hundred d ad hirty-eight 84 11)0 acres, ri
463 79-100 acres of which are in Section
(71) seventy-one. Township (6) six,
Rantuge (5) live; arid neventy-ive 05-1010 std
acres. of which are in Section (T9) sev- H
enty, Township (6) six, Range (8) eight. est f
Terms and Conditioss of QSale. er
On one and two yearscredit, for what
it will bril:ng, with 8 plr cent Interest fuom Ct
day of sale till paid; vendor's privi
lege anud special mnortgage retained on Ni
the property sold to secure piayment,
purchaer to crecute his proiis
nory liote with. peronli s.curit.
in solido to the satisliaction of the Ex
S eciutor.
J. A. DUCOURNAU,
Jan. 4.-2t. Dat. Test. Executor.
Socceislon Sale.
urceession of Leonutine Vercher.
DY virtue of nit order from thle io,.
I) Parish Court, I will ofl.ir for sale at
Public Auction at mly residentce on Bay- at t
LTOES, on Choctaw, in the parinsh of Natchlito- Nat
ches. oil all
Tlhursdayl, January 9th, 1871), M
the properly reinniniig unsold, belong- cire
ing to said succession, and heinig the tis
pRUITS selarate iropelty', collsistling of Oleu
mUle, Ihorsenws, oxen', cows, calves, andl
Jewelry, as per illvenitory.
Terms of Sal*e.
Cash, for what it will bring. Qi
roll regn LANDRE VERCHER, ini
Dec. 28-2t. Amhniist rator. h
the
ON, NOTICE. tIh
Succession of Margaret U. Garter., O
W ILLIAM A. PONDER having ap-in
plied to be appointed Adiinistra- th
tor of the Succession of his dec'd. wilfi,
, LA. Margaret U. Carter, notice is hereby A
g- iven to all whom it may cone nl to i
file their oppositions thereto in this of- cre
m lce, in ten days, otherwise the applica- p
tion will be granted. it
JNO. LAI'LACE, so
) Dec. 28-2t. D'y. Clerk. 1
SHERIFF'S SALE. I
rCo., Pi. J. E. Messi, Administrator, vs. Chan. B.
ork, Pa. Trichel.
Parish Court, No. 1795.
S Y virtue of a writ oft. a. P issued in
I the above entitled and numbered
Ssuit and to me directed, I have seized
and will offer for sale to the last andt
highest bidder at the plantation of said
MeRIE iS , in the paris of N'atehitohes, on
&atnrdaJy, 4tllc da of January, 1879,
the following described property to-wit:
1800 ponnds of Seed Cotton, more or
less.
I yoke Oxen, one black and one white
speckled.
I black Cow.
1 red Cow. branded T2.
I black and white spotted Cow.
4 head Yearlings.
OCEBIES. Terms of Sale.
than ever. Cbh, with the benefit of appraisement
L. A. DEBLIEUX,
Dec. 21.-2t . Sheriff.
1uicession tSale.
Succession of A. M. Garrett.
'BY virtne of an order from the Hou.
,) Parish Court. of tlle parish of Natch
itoches, I will otler tir sa:l :at public auc*
tion at the late residence of deceased in
n Ca:npte, on
S 11'edresdatc, Janultary 15th, 1879,
all the property lhelonging to the Sue.
c. c'ssion of A. 31. (,: 'iaet t, to-u it:
iOnle hlltltured ai1d sixty acres of lail,
the south west nl:lrtcr 'of Inorth east
be qurt,'r east hall'f I no'th wvest quarter
... ,nor!t west , q|inlu-t4 of south Fast
qiurter tc li ,, a t\'iwisiip 12, range?.
(),,e Iai'trIl d and sixty alres of land
.south cast qultiarter of sout h west quarter
p_ Section I9, north west quarter of north
. west quarter Section '20, towinslhip It
rn range 6 south east quarter of south emt
by quarter Section L4, and northl east qlar.
to ter of north east quarter section 25, town.
as ship 12, range 7.
be The Howe place in Canmpte, purchased
from Mrs. A. Jr Blackstone, containing
us, twenty acres, more or less. described and
of bounded an per inventory.
Also all the rights and credits, and
all movable property on inventory, con
sisting of horses, mules, oxen, cows and
calves, goats, hogs, plows, cart, corn,
brick, furniture and one gun.
'd. Terms of Sale.
ish Cash-for what it will bring.
Ae, A. IE. GARRETT,
ed, Dec. 14. Natural Tutrix.
JUDGMENT.
est M. J. Gaston, wife, vs. S. M. Crump,
bedl husband.
iou, Parish Court, Natchitoches, La.
No, 1711.
int, TN this ease by reason of the law and
IIt I the evidence being in favor or the
chi- plaintill, hl. J. Gaston, and against the
the tlefeildanlt, S. M. Crump. It is ordeld,
lpy adjudged and decreed, tlhat ,aintiff te
tit cover J udgtlmett aitglinst detefudant, dim
ero- solvitg the eonllIulltlity of IIgcqets and
(39) gains heretofore existing between them,
( t) and that she also receive judgment
11 against her said husballd, S. M. Crunmp,
con- tor the suns of three hundred and twenty
lety- dollars, with 5 per cent per anIutI inter.
melin est thereon fromi the date of this Judg.
et of Inent, that her mlortgage on the real rs
ity tate of her said husband he recognized
pre- and elforced, and that she have further
Judgment for cost of this suit.
in- Thus done, read and signed in open
. one Court this the 15th day of November,
whiP 1878.
1one [Signed ] P. A. SIMMONS,
cres, Parish Judge.
Stale of Louisiana,
r ill- Parish of Natchitoches.
rain Clerk's Office.
!iit I certify the above to be a true and
g correct copy of the original Judgment ca
acres tile in Iny office.
1e0 in Witness my hand and0 1.
daou I L.S.] cial eall, this 12th day of
unity December, A. D., 1878.
it JNO. LAPLACE,
being Dec. 14 )'y. Clerk.
nhip herilff's Sale.
wi as P. Serdot I'rudllolmle vs. Samuel Nevere
Tutor Carrie Brown.
Parish Court, Parish of Natchitocbes.
'went. No. 1814
l Y virtue of It writ of seizure and isa
itor. . in the above entitled and numberel
suit and to me directed, I have seised
and will o(ler for sale to the last sa
highest bidder at the door of the Cooart
dc'd. Hlouse in the city and parish of Natchi
Io ) toehes, oni
of the Saturda!y, 41k day of January, 1879,
1o dli- the following described property to-wit:
or sale A certain'tract of land with all the
long imtprovements, buildlings thereto belong,
t 1 ing, known as lot No. 2, containing A
Court 77-100 arpents, situated oa-the dih
bank of Cane river descending, bosadhi
1879, above by lot No. 3, purchased at th
sanuo sale by Philamlona Metover, wie
0Lc of Ohin Ronqtlls, below by Lot No. 1, par.
chasnned at the same time by J. C. Metoye
Si in the rear by lands of brs. Jean fap
Aleisin te Agestine Metoyer, in front Iby
p Cin a one River, together with a1othbernsi
ot f laud knowna as part of Lot Jo. $,
ioy containg 5 3i-100 arpents situated a
r the left bank of Cane river descendS!
Splace, luoanded above by Lot No. 7, below hi
hol e Ilyl,. Hertzog in the rear by Lot IO|
in front by lot No. 1, all of whIch i
oaiv purchased at the sale of the proqrtyd
Francoin Gassion Metoyer, iu the st
) crin entitled hlavie Metoyeret. als. vs. ,.
et, sepha E. )ulpre, lls et als No. 8041e
the I)ocket of the District Court, by thI
05- said vendor, to satisfy tiae saum of Fai
9 - un adred DohlarM with 8 per centiet*
) ciglt. eat from date until paid, to-wit: Deoe
ie, bcr 31st, 1875.
or what Terms of Sale.
eat froum Cash-with the benefit ofaprwalritsm
I privi D. H. BOULLT, JIL,
rined on Nov. 30 8herit
easem ated t
IIIENSE AUI TION SALK.
Rare Chance to Invest osyel.
Splendid Chance for Debtors.
STHE undersigned Agent and Aaiig
will sell at Public Outcry on
, Saturday, 11th day of January, 10
at the Court House door, in the towle
Natchitoches, without limit or rdmt
all the Notes, Accoulnts, JudguA
Mortgages, Liens, anl other rlttiMsp
, credits, unit Goods, Wares and ,MtI
disc, traunsrred by the late CoL, i
e Burke to his creditors by contract Ji
i signilent, dated the 13th day of JO
1872, duly recorded.
Also the undivided half interest fokr
ly owned by the said R. E,. Burke l0t
Quissenbllry place. Said place coe
ieeg of about 200 acres, most of whit
highly improved, situated 3 miles l
the town of Camllpte, on Red River,
Also the undivided one fifth intemil
the Lac des Meres plalltatiob, eitlI
on IRed River, above Campte.
Also the nudivided one fourth intel
p- in the Harrison & Levy plantatiau¢
a- the Bon Dieu.
Ti, Tsi sale will be made to enable t
,v Agent anrd Assignee to wind uptb5e
to fairs of said Estate, and settle witl*
f-. credito's thlereof, and offers a good
a- portunity for those who are iandeldt
it to settle up at a discount. Thle
setts caci be seen at mily office in 1.
Walsole¥y's store, at any time from M.
iunltil sale day, and any information b
be furnished on application.
C. L. WALMSLEY,
B. Nov. 2. Agent & Assign's
SHERIFE'S SALE.
Isaac Kaha vs. Louis RichardIs
1 Mrs. 'Phillipine Kahn aided by hbs
ed band, vs. Louis Richardson.
tll Magistrates Court, Ward I, PslrIs
lid Natchitoches. Neo.
on Y virtue of two several writs of lR
9, 1 issued in the above entitled ~
it: numbered suits and to ne dira
have seized and will offer for 5s*
door of the Court House of the pir
ite Natchitoches, on
Saturday, 4th day of Jauat*e .
at 12 M., the following deserldPI. \,
perty, seized in said suits, to-wit:
1 dark brown mare Mule.
1 dark bay mare Mule.
Terms of Sale.
ent Cash, subject to ppraiernen'
r. Dec. 21.-2t.
- .