POSITIVELY NO ClIROMtOS!
The DANBURT News.
FOR 18741.
Containing every, week FORTY COL
tMN o( choice reading mat
ter,. printed on cler', hand
some type, and line
whi:e paper.
Il l1H NWV is dited by the Danhul
. ry News Mlan; is contrilittedl to h,1
(George, Alfred 'ownsend, the clhite of
Newslpap'l Correspoidents, and et lh(e
excellent writers, who will furnish fresh
correspondence fromn the leading cities,
aind colitrilittte to the editorial cIolumnlls.
The NEWS has its own Scientific,
Fashion, Chess and Puzzle editors : pub
lishes the best original matter, the bIest
miscellany, and the freshest and Iest
miscellany, andll the freshest and best
stories. In all its dlepntmeuts it is
edited with scrupulous care, iind. is, i1
consequeulce one of the best l'Fa;ili
Journals published. Sample Copies free
--eutl for one.
TERMS OF SUBiSCRIPTION:
One Year .......... ..-- .. ....... $2.00
Special rates to Postmasters and clubs.
BAILEY & DONOVAN,
Danbury, Conn.
Jarper's Periodicals.
IIARIER'S MAGAZ!NE.
There is no monthly Magazine an in
telligent reading family can less afford to
be without. Many Magazines are sac
cumulated. Harper's is edited. There
is not a Magazine that is pr'ited which
shows more inttlltigenlt painlls expanded
on0 its articles andil meclhanical (execuition.
There is not a cheaper Magtizie puluh
lished. There is not, confiessedly. a
more popular Magazine in tihe world
[New EnglandI Iomnstead.
A repository of biography and history,
literature science and art, unequaled by
any other American publication.--[New
York Standard.
The most popular, and, in its scheme,
the most original of our Magazines.
[Nation.
HARPER'S WEEKLY,
A Journal of Civilivation.
The best publication of it class in
America, and so far aheads of all other
weekly journals as not to admit of any
comparison between it and any of their
number. Its columns contain the finest
collectiots of reading matter that are
printed. * * * Its illustrations are
unmerous and beautiful, being furnished
by the chief artists of the country.-[Bos
ton Traveler.
Harper's Weekly deserves its primacy
in this class of publications, alike for the
value of its reading matter antl the ex
cellence of its illustrations. The edito
rials on linhlic afliairs are models of dis
cussion, weighty and teomlperate, support
ing high principles in ni elevated tone
and a chastened literary stylo.-[Examni
ner and Chronicle.
IIARPER'S BAZAR,
A Relpository of Fashion, Pleasure
and Instrucfion.
It is really the only illustrated
chronicler of fashion in the country.
Its supplements alone are worth the sub
scription price of the paper. While
fully maintaining its position as a mir
ror of fashion, it also contains stories,
poems, brilliant essays, besides general
Sand personal gossip. -[Boston Saturday
Evening Gazette.
There never was' any paper published
that so delighted the heart of womian.
Never mind if it does cost you a new
bonnet; it will save you ten times the
price in the household economy it teach
es.-[Prqvidence Journal.
TERIMS:
For Harper's MIagazine, Weekly and
Bazar.
lHarper's Magazine, one year $4 00
Harper's Weekly, one year 4 00
Harper's Bazar, on year 4 00
IIarper's Magazine, IIHarper's Weekly
and Harper's Baz:ar, for one year,
$10; or any two for $7.
An extra c6py of either the Magazine,
Weekly or Bazar will be supplied gratis
for every club of tive subscribers at $4
each, in one remittance; or six copies
for $20, without extra copy.
The postage within the United States
is for the Magazine, 24 cents a year; for
the Weekly or Bazar, 20 cents a year,
payable yearly, semi-yearly, orquarterly,
at the office where received.
In remitting by mail, a postofic or
der or draft, payable to the order of
Harper & Brothers, is preferable to bank
notes, since, should the order of draft be
lost it can be renewed without loss to
the sender.
Address HARPER &. BROTHE1S,
New York.
The Largest and Best and Cheapest
Paper in the World is the
NASBY'S PAPER.
(ifty-.six Wide Columns 8 pages.)
For $1.50 per year, in Clubs!
With Books almost given away!
W3 Specimen copies sent free to any
address. Send for a specimen and exam
ine it.
SNasby writes his Political Letters I
ezclusively for the Blade. Address
LOCKE & JONES,
Toledo, Ohio. fl
Ayer's
HairVigor
For restoring to Gray Hair its
natural Vitality and Color.
A dressing
which is at
once agreea
ble, healtlihy.
and elffectual
for pireserv
ing tihel hair.
stores .%lhed
to ts ori0
color, with the glo( s andl fi;',s n,'ss of
youth. Thin hair is tlickened, fall
, ing hair checked, and haldness oft'tn,
. though nlot always, cured ,by its
use. Nothing can restore the hair
where the fulliles are destroyed, or
the glands atrophied anl diecayed;
)but such as remain can be sa'ved by
this application, and stimulated into
'activity, so that a new growth of
hair is produced. Instead of foling
the hair with a pasty sediment, it
will keep it clean and vigorous. Its
occasional use will prevent the hair
to from turning gray or falling off,
.and consequently prevent Ialhdness.
The restoration of vitality it gives
to the stPalp arredts ant prevents
the formation of danidrufl; which is
often so lunclea!nly and of'nsire.
Free from those deleterious sub
stances which ll el;il soint preipara
tions dangerous, and iljilrious to the
hair, the Vigor can only benefit, but
not harm it. If wanted merely ;or
a HIAlI 1)RESSING, nothing elhe
can be found so desirable. Contain
1 ing neither oil nor dye, it does not
d soil white cambric, and vet lasts
long on the hair, giving it a rich,
glossy lustre, and a grateful perfume.
Prepared by Dr, J. C. Ayer & Co.,
Practical and Analytical Chemists,
LOWELL, MASS.
SOLD BI ALL DRUGGISTS EVEIIYWIIER.
Ayer's Cathartic Pills,
For the relief
and cure of all
derangements in
the stomach, liv.
er, and bowels.
They are a mild
aperient, and an
excellent purga
tive. lBeingpureo
ly vegetable, they
n contain no incr.
cnrv or mineral
r whatever. Much
V serious sickness and suffering is prevented by
r their timely use; and every faimily should
have them on hand for Itheir protection and
relief, when required. Long experience has
provedl them to be the satfest, surest, and
e best of all the Pills with which the market
1 abounds. By their oca*iontal use, the blood
is pnrilled, tile corruptions of the system ex
pelled, obstructions removed, and the whole
machinery of life restored to its healthy activ.
ity. Internal organs which become clogged
San slnggish arc clon.tsed by Asr's Pi tll
andi stimulatedl into action. Thns incipient
disease is changed into health, the value of
which change, whlen reckonedl on the vast
multitudes who enjoy it, cau hardly be com.
pntedl. Their sIugarcoatin g mankes them
pleasant to take, and lrcScrves their virtues
tninmpaired lfor arny length of time, so that
they are ever fresh, and perfectly reliable.
Although senarching, they are mild, and oper
ate without disturbance to the constitution or
diet or occutation.
Full directions are given on the wrapper to
each box, how to use themn as a Family Physio,
and for the fbllowing complaints, wliich these
Pills rapidly cure:
SFor DyplepDsa or Indllgestion, ilt.
Ihsmness, Languor, and Loss of Appe.
fite, they shoull lie taken moderately to
stimulate ihe stomachl, and restore its heuilthy
tone and action.
For Liver Complalnt and its varinus
1 symptomns, Bilious Headache, Nick
Headache, Jaundice or Green Nick.
ese, Billouns Colic and Bilious Fe
vera, they should Ie JudiciOuslly ta:ken for
each case, to correct thle dliseasei action, or
remoe the obstructions which cause it.
For Dysentery or Diarrhera, but one
mild dose is generally requietl.
For Rheumatism, onut, Gravel,.
Palpitation of the Heartr. Pain ti
thes side, Rack, and Loinas. they should
be continuously taken, as required, to change
the diseased action of the system. With such
change those complaints (lisappear.
For Dropsy and Drolpical Swell.
lags, they should be taken in large and fre-c
quent doses to produce the effect of a drastic
purge.
For Snppression, a large dose should be
taken, as it Iproduces the desired effect by '
sympathy.
eAs a Dint.er Pill, take one or two Pills to
promote digestion,and relieve the stomach.
An occasional dose stimulates the stomalch
and bowels, restores the appetite, and invigor
ates the system, Hence it is often advantla.
geous where no serious derangement exists.
One who feels tolerably well, often finds that
a dose of these P'ills maken him feel decid
edly better, from their cleansing and reno
vating effect on the digestive apparatus.
PREPARED BY
r,. C. LAYE A CO., Pratial Chemists,
LOWELL MA, 1788. I. 8. A.
11018 ALE BY ALL DBUGGOISTI EVERYWHUR.
WILLIAMS' MOWER & REAPER
The ouly Twe.wbeeed, Cette n
E'taseable led Masle lm ade, mad rev
this reasaeon taelru to all other1. Jot
derotion a mdpriet.a ddlres
SEMPLE, BIRGE & C0.,
13 South EMainSreet, St. Louis,
And please state l what papsr youe d thl.
PrtaiI speedy and Sting. The Sblmdu
sts forulplorlag,, Trs'elta Buntln lis1i.
lag, !rpplag. &e. Pivr iesczl!on ag
SEMPLE, BIRGE & CO.,
13 BOUTI KAIN ST1EET, ET. LOUIS,
IAhd plse state in what lpaeryuesat SlL
1i Get your printing done at
the Vls'DcATox Job Office.
110
Grntefuil Thousands proclaim
VINEGAR rI'IER$ts tile most wonder
ful Invigorant that ever sustained
the sinkiung system.
No Person sau take these Bit
tetrs according to directions, and re
main long unwell, provided their
bones are not destroyed by mineral
poison or other means, and vital or
gans wasted beyond repair.
Bilious, Remittent, and In
termittent Fevers, which are so
prevalent in the valleys of our great
rivers throughout the United States,
especially those of the Mississippi,
Ohio, Missouri, Illinois, 'ienneasee,
Cumberland, Arkansas, Red, Colo
rado, Brazos, Rio Grande, Pearl,
Alabama, Mobile, Savannah, Ro
anoke, James, anld miany others,
with their vast tributaries, through
out our entire country during the
Summer and Autunin, and relnarka
Il so durinlg setasonll, of unusual
Ilhitt and dr!yness, are ivari;ably ac
coinll,:nied by extenlsive derange
1Wt111is of the Stolillch and liver, and
other abdominal viscera. In their
treatment, a purgative, exerting a
powerfull inllmlence upon these vari
o(us organis, is essentially necessary.
There is no cathartic for the purpose
equal to D). .1. WALKERS VINEG(AR
lrrrEus, as they will speedily remove
the dark-colored viscid lmatter with which
the bowels are loaded, at the same time
stimulating the secretions of the liver,
and generally restoring the healthy func
tions of the digestive organs.
Iorlify the body against dis
ease by 1purifying all its tlui(ls with
ViN}aEOA I irr'rs. No epidemic can
take hold of' a system thus fore-armed.
D)yspepsia or Indigestion, Head
ache, Pain in the Shoulders, Coughs.
Tightness of the Chest, Dizziness, Sour
Ernctations of the Stonmach, Bad Taste
in the Mouth. Bilious Attacks, Palpita
tion of the 1lcart, Inflammation of the
Lungs, Pain in the region of the Kidneys,
and a hundred other painful symptoms,
are the oflfsprings of )Dyspepsia. One bot
tle will prove a better glwrantee of its
meurits than a lengthy advertisement.
Scrofula, or king's Evil, White
Swellings, Ulcers, Erysipelas, Swelled
Neck, (;hitre, Scrofillous Inflaumnations,
Indolent Inflainmations, Mercurial attec
tions, Old Sores, Eruptions of the Skin,
Sore Eves, etc. In these, as in all other
constitu tional I)iseases, WALKEKR'* VIN
S ta.\ R BITTTERs have shown their great cur
ative powers in the most obstinate and
ijtractable cases.
FIor Inllaunmatorny and Chronic
Rheumatism, Gout, IBilious, Remit
tent and Intermittent Fevors, D)iseases
of the Blood, Liver, Kidneys anud Bladdter,
these Bitters have no equal. Such Di.
cases are caused by V itiated Blood.
IMechanllical Diseases.-l' ersons
engaged in Paints and Miuerals, such as
P'lumbers, Typesetters, Gold-beaters anti
Miners, as they atlvance in life, are sub
ject to paralysis of the Bowels. To guard
against this, take a dose of WALKER'S
V Lsc;.rat BITTErS occa.ionally.
For Skin Diseases, Eruptions,
Tetter, Salt-l*heumn. Blotches, Spots, Pim
ples, Pustules, Boils, Carbuncles, Ring
worms, Scald-head, Sore Eyes, Erysipo
las, Itch, Scurlh, D)iscolorations of' the
Skin, Hlumors and Diseases of the Skin of
whatever name or nature, are literally
dug up and carried out of the system in a
short time by the use of these Bitters.
Pin, Tape, and other Wormns,
lurking in the system of so many thou
sands, hre effectually destroyed and re
moved. No system of medicine, no ver
mifiuges, no anthelminities will free the
system from worms like those. Bitters.
For Female Complaints, in young
or old. marrited or single, at the dawn of
womanhood, orthe turn of life, these Ton
ic Bitters display so decided an influence
that improvement is soon perceptible.
Cleanse the Vitiated Blood
whenever you tind its impurities bursting
through the skin in Pimples, Eruptions,
or Sores; cleanse it when you find it ob
structed and sluggish in the veins; cleanse
it when it is foul; your feelings will tell
you when. Keep the blood pure, and the
health of the system will follow.
R. II. I%'DON.ILD & CO.,
Druggists & Gen. Agta., San Francisco, Califor.
nia, & eor. of Washington and Charlton Sta.,N.Y.
(iold by all Druggists and Dealer.
EYERY FARMER H18 OWN ILLERL
CHALLENGE FEED MILLS
Combined
8HELLER AND GRINDER
Will rid eary kind .4
Feed, whether wetordr,
with sse and spleed, ad
Osage Corn and Cob Mills.
Fer Dsartptln mld ?rles adIse
SEMPLE, BIRGE & CO.,
ebltles Iailwarwe,
13 KeIth Mal St, ST. LOUIS,
grPleasmmentonlaab*wpueryeadremip
SOIRGHUM BCHINERY,
CANE MILL8,
EVAPORATING
PANS,
FURNACES.
Pamphlets
and 'Prices sent to parties
applying, who will please
mention in what paper they
saw this advertisement,
Semple, Birge & Co..
T$ SOUTH MAIN ST,, ST. Le7
JOB OFFICE.
ALL KINDI)S OF
JOB PRINTING
EXECUTED WITI[
Neatness and Dislpatch.
POSTERS,
HAND BILLS,
CIRCULARS,
WEIDDING and BALL TICKETS,
CARDS
-AND
BLANKS
OfEvery Description
Printed at Reasonable Rates.
' Persons desirous of having JOR
PRINTIONG done neatly, expeditiously and
cheap are invited to call at the ofico of
the "V'IDTCT,'ro."
C1 CX'.
To F
200 IPAGES; 500 E'NGRAVIN-S. and
COLOREI) PLATE. I'ublislied Quar
terly, at 2; Cents a Year. First No. ftr
1874 just issued. A Ger(n:r cdition at
saute price.
Address, JAMES VICK,
Rochester, N. T.
THE B EST PAPER !
BEAUTIFULLY ILLUSTlIATED.
'he SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN now in
its ;Di1 i year, enjoys the ' idest ciircila.
tion of any weekly newslpaplelr of tihe kinid
iu the world. A uelw vollume comnlletnll's
January :1, 18i7.
Its coniltenilts elilirace the laitest and imost
interesting infoiiiiation pierta:ining to the
Ildnistrial, Mechanical, and Siientilic l'Pro.
groess of t ho "World; D) 'scriptions, w it I
letiititt'il lEngralvlings, of New InVeiitionis,
New P'riocests, ald I ili roviel Ildilustries
of all kinds; Useful Notes, lleip's, Siug
gest ions and Adlvice, lby Pi;ractical Writiters.
litir Workmellni anid Eniployrt's, in all the
Various arts.
The SCIENTIFIC AMIERICAN is the
chealpest aind best illuistrated weekly pa
pe'r puilishld. Every nunmber conlitains
from 10 to 15 oiiginal eingraviugs of new
iiahinerlillY and novel invntitions.
ENGIAVI' (S, illustrating Ilpiro've.
iielints, )iscovleries, anid I uinlortant Works,
perthilliig to Civil tVili Mrchauin:' Egi
icerinig, Milling. Mtiiing and Metallurgy:
lReoi'ds of lthe latest llprogrelss in the Ap
llieationis of Steamli. SIe;aii Eniginlieerig,
lRailw'as. Ship l hilding, Navigation,
Telegraphy, Telegraph Engine'tirng, Llec
tricity, Maignetisn,. Light ailnd Ileat.
FARIMERS, Melihauics. Enginieers.
Invenitors, Manutiacturers. Cheniisis, Lov.
ers of Science, Teaheirs, Clergy'men, Luwl
eos, and People of all Profe.ssiolns, wil
tind the ScIE:NTwic AMEIlIC.AN iusfuil o
them. It should have a place in every
Family, Library, Study, office, and Count
ing Roomn; in every Reading Rootm,
College, Afadenmy or School.
A year's nimuimbers contain 532 pages anad
Sl,:,'illL ll'NllilEI ENIA.VINtus Thou
sinids of vol ilits are Iperserv'ed tir hind
ing and referencle. The p'aietical receipts
are well worth ten tilies the stlubscriipt ion
plice. 'T'ernlis $ a year lby mail. Dis
c uiit to Cliubs. Slpetillls senit iree.
May lie had of alil News Dealers.
PATENTS. tn cnon
AMERICAX, Messirs. MuNN & Co. are
Solictors of American aind Foreign Patents,
iand have the largest esthlislimnenit in thle I
world More thiani lifty thousanid appliuc
tions have beetn imadle for lpatents through_
their agency.
Paents are obtained on thie best terms
Models of New inventions and sketchles
examined and advice free. All patents
are publlished in timhe Sientifie Anmerican
the week they issue. Send forl Paumphlet,
Ill) Iiges, laws and ftill directions for
obtaining Patents.
A-dress for the Paper, or couierning
Patents, M.UNs & Co., 37 Park Row,
N. Y. Braueh Ollice, clor. F and 7th Sts.,
Wishiiinton. ) C.
Jany 1 1e74.-l1
TII i SATUltIAY EVENING POST.
A Beautiful Chromno to every yarly Sub
scriber.
MAX ADELER, THlE (,LEAT IhUMORIST,
A WEEKLY CONTRIIUTOI.
The Saturday Evening Post has been
the great Literary Weekly tbr half a con
turh . It piublishins Serial after Serial of
Love aiid Adiventlre---aiid yet does not
neglect shorter sturies and sketches. It
gives a short Historieal Sketch weekly.
Max Adeler (the great Humorist,) is a
regular contrilutor. "Zig," the spiciest
of our lady writers, also contributes reg
liarly. Olive King, )Daisy Eylihright,
Ella Wheeler, &c., &c., are frequent cor
respondents.
Our premimun Chromo for the coming
year, is entitled
"ONE OF LIFE'S 'HAPPY HOURS."
It is a beauty---the work of Sinclair &
Co., one of the oldest and most cele
brated firms in the country. .A copy of
this Chronro will be given to every year
ly subscriber for 1874.
Remember! The price of tIle Post is
fifty cents lower to Club Subscribers than
the prices of the other first-class Week
lies, and yet we give each of them a
Chromo besides!
TERMS-Always in Advanee.-One
copy (with Chromo,) $3.00, Four Copies
(and four Chrornos,) $8.00, Six copies (and
seven Chronios,) l2.00, eight copies (and
eight Chromnos,) $16.00. Thie sender of
this last club will be entitled to a copy
of The Post and Chrorno gratis.
One copy of The Post ($3.flit,) and one
ofArthur's Honie Magazine, ($0.50.) with
the Premium Pictures of both periodi
cals, will be sent for $4.50. Teal cents
extra must be sent for mnailing pictures.
Ton cents must be sent for every chro
mo ordered, to pay the expenses of mail
ing, or , cents if the chromo is desired
mounted on card-board or muslin.
Sample niumbers sent gratis.
Address,
THE SATURDAY EVENING PORT,
319 Walnut Street, Philadelphia'
Nov. 15.-ly.
GO TO TEXDYAS
VIA THE
LOI(E STAR ROUTE !
'INTERN~flONAL AXD GREAT NORTHERN
RAIL Rolb.)
Passengers going to Texas 'ia Memphi and
Little Rock, or via Shreveport, sttike this line
at Longview, the Best Route to Palestine,
Hearne, Waco, Austin, Huntsville, Houston,
Galveston and all points is Western, Central,
Eastern and Southern Texas.
Passengers via New Orleans will find It the
Best Route to Tyler, Mineola. Dallas, Overton,
Crockett, Longrview and all points in Eastern
and Northeastern Texas.
This line is well guilt, thoroughly equipped
with every morlern imprownsenrt, including
New and Elegant Day Coaches, Pullman Pal
ace Sleeping ~ara, Westinghouse Air Brakes
Miller's Patent Satfty Plaforms and Coup.
lers; and nowhere else can the passenger so
completely dtpend on a speedy, safe and com.
fortable joiurnov.
The LONE STAR ROUTE has admirabli
answered the qnerv. "How to go to Texas I"
by the publication of an interestinu and truth
ful dffirnment, tontaining a valuable arnd cor- :
rect map, which can lie obtained, free (,f (harce,
by aldressing the GENERAL TICKET
AGENT, International and Great ,Northern
Railroad, Ilonatonr, Texas.
Disnit T'.t Y'eh, 14.t
.t
The Farorite Home Remedy.
This unrivalled Medicine is warrantd
not itoii t a in a ringle Ipartiel of merculry
or alny iin.ijriols slhbstatice, Iut is
PI'IE1I.LY VEGETAIILE.
conltaiilil~g those Soithern roots and herbs
wvlhilh an a:l-wise l'lrovidtince has placed
in ,contries where Liver Diseaseds !ost
prevail. It will c'iure all! Dist asIs eauisd
by dlrCIui'gement of the Liver and Bowels
Simmons Liver Rrgilator, or ledilins,
Is eminently a Family Medicine; and by
being keo.t eadly hir inmmediato resort will
save many Inll hliur if suffllering, and mDally
a dollar in lime andl doctors' hills.
After ,v,'r Forty Years' trial, it is still
receiving the iHeost u(iqualitled testimonials
to its virtue from pers,'Ins of the highewt
ch:aracter anid responsihility. Eminent
lphysicians cl.,iniendl it as the most
Effectual Specilr for Dyspepsia or lndi
geslion.
Armed with this ANTIDOTE, all climates
anid lchanges of water and fiood itiay be
thei'el withimt fiar. As a lbrnet dy in MA
LA:lOli'S FEVERS, BOWEL COM
1'LA. 1'1'fS, R(:stlessuct.s, Jaundice, Nausea
IT IXE' EE. EQV'A.I.,
It is thil' heapest. I'rest and Best1 , Fainl.
ly Medicine in the World!
Is manufactured only by
J. It. ZEILIN & CO.,
Macon, Ga.. and P'hiladelphia.
Price, One Dollar. Sold by All Druggists.
Dec. 20-ly
R.R. R.
RADWAY'S READY RELIEF
CURES THE WORST PAINS
In from One to Twenty Minutes.
NOT ONE HOUR
after reading tt Irve.Rtissimenut ne ala any e
5l1FEf! WITIH PAIN.
RADWArS RI:E. l RIt'LTRP I A CURE FOR
).VtU Pb AIN.
It wasthe fir.tand is
The Only Pain Remedy
that Instantly stops th monstexerrnating pain., lltrve
Intatnrtnai, a'. l cures to:nenaislls. whether of the
Lunt., Stomach, Boweli, oru ohr glaadsororgans, by
one applicaO.,n.
IN FROM ONE TO TWENTY MINICT,
no matter how violent or erntciating the pain the
IHilrL MATICI. Be, l-rtllen Inerm, c'rtppled, lNeous,
heuraiglo, or pretratwl s u m divsae may suffer,
RADWAY'8 READY RELIEF
WILL AFFORD IYSTANT EASE
INPAMMATION ('F THII KIDNEYS.
INFLA.IWATION OF Till BLADDBR.
INFLAMMATION OFl' TIH tW.glS.
CON(;ETION OF THE LUNGC
BO8R THROAT, ]IIF ICL'LT BREATHING.
PAI.PI.t'ATiIN (OF TUH HEART.
HYBTERICI, CioU', Il'P11 I'R IA.
('Ai AtlII, INFLUENIZA.
HEADACHIE, TOOTIfIAC l,:.
NE' RAi.1IA, RHEUMATISM.
COLD d'llILL, AGUlE CIILLS.
Thenap;litnit'o ofthe Ieadty Relief to thpeaItos
pa% i, er he the pau or duuity eop.s will adordw ease
aud eatouiort.
Twenty dropsln halfan tumltr of watetr williea few
moren;, cure CUItAMPISPASMSI.HtiOU R TOMAC'I,
BRARTI'Itl:tN, MIC:K HEAIIA:ACIE, DIAIHLOEA,
DYdKINTEItY, :OI.C, WIND IN. TE MOWIELa,
andall I 4'IhNAL PAINS.
Travelers shonid alwiva earrv a bolse of ad
Waly's Ready Rleliet' withulim. A few drops m
waterwillpre:'v,Lt stkne~e or paln s fronm clhange of
warr. Ilti bttler"lsw French brandyor lttara Ma
FaIVER AND AGUE.
FEVER AND APUEcnradforifty its. There l
bota remeduIl agent in tias wWorld that will cOre lover
and Agle Let al il etber MNlarious, blous, lIarlet,
Trpbold, Yenow, and othelr Fevers [laldet byI RAIl
WAY'S PI L n I qtick as RADIWAY'N READYT E
LIEF. )'ity centtar betk.
HEALTH! BEAUITYL
BTROWG AND Fm.E RICH BTOOD-IlCRB ASR
OF FLESH AND WiItl.GT-.LICAB JIE AND
BEAUTIFULCOMPLZITONIdIUB'U WIOALL
DR. RADWAY'8,
arsapslliUa hesirt
THE CREAT BLOOD PURIFIBIR.
flRA ADETURMO5TASTOMhARTWGE!UR18: 50
QUICK, MO RAPID ARK TBH CHANGEB. THU
b1d 1 Y UNDKRt;OREUNDKRTHE INFLUIENCIE
OF THIS TORULY WONDERIOIL MDICINI,
THAT
Ianj WDy aan in Jail
t Ieigjit Seci at TelL.
vlry drop of the SARlSPARILLIANW I1O8
TENT commonateses through the llood, Sweat, Urloe,
andother Fluids andjulees of the sytem tbvllorot
hf , for it replar lLh wasles of the body with new rd
Pound material. Scrofla, Btyphill  Cosuptlte
Gilandtllr disease, Ulcers In the throat, Mout, To
mors, Ntesinthe (LadOlnd sOthero urtof theosylta,
Soreayes, Strumuorodischarge fi_ heEa r se . ad
the worst forms of ttib diseases, Eruptelns, eve
Sores, cald II,-ad, Rianl Wormlt RoheuImndpsle,
Acne, ilaLk Spots, W'ormain the IFlsh, Tuaons. L
eeran the Womb, and all weakenin mand Ilnfnl die.
ecarges, Nigg SWiweats, L ofmiprm edal wasteof
the life principle, are within the curatre aeof thiso
wondero lodern Ubnmistry, ts feW days' ne wlU
provewosny pereon usilogforeher oflhes u llso
diseaeits potentpower tocrethsom.
Ilfthe patient, dlly bacoming rendud ltwle
an deeompostion tast L continuall prqerlelte, sue.
ceds(Ilarrestingthee rwuste, and rs maw
with newmaterlilmnde from esbhy blood-eed this
IhOSARSAPAR ILLIAN willand dolsreere-seure
I"ertaln; for wheoo e this remedy eommemree Ie
workofpurlicatUon, and suceeds II dIulalbln the
lon ofr wses, tlr5er wll be rapid, and very day
the patlent wllifeel hlaselfremwle lactr ad sVronger.
Ibe.ooddlgesrlt bet(t',appetlle Improrvi, aalaes
aad welhi nereaing.
Noteolydoestholrtslarhauu la Inertn.nasoeels
alik-own remedaiaelal bdthe ero ofChrcarc,Utre
tolous, Constitultiunl sa ld in disease; bultithe
enly posiPvre eure
Etdnej & Bladder Cobmphfat,
Trinary tad Woolmb distupf.l nvrl, Dabelt .I ,
Stoppige of Water, locoatteeneo of lUrrlbu, 1r
ease, Albmiourle, and In all eases where Wa
brick-lel depoits, or thewar Is r lek, eloudy, iset
w.thehletance likethe whtIeoflan , erthreedalik
white ilk, ortherel a nobid, bliloum app pr
ace. and wbhite bonoemtdeposlte, ad wheatmerel
uamor of 1. Yeur.' Gormut
Oured bp Jdwrary's B;R vent.
' DR, RADWAY'8
uperIhetly tasMte.less, ele~atly leltd with .sweet rrm
pure, rcnate.prtrify, c ole an saderulten.I5
way's Pills, f lhe'e r1ofsi dlordesPftheI Stlmacsrh,
iver, Bowels, Kidney.s, Blaldder. Nervou Diseases,
Headachenspi, oCo epvi n curees, ludlgmiUon, Ds
eis, llaliusness Hilioua lever, Ilpammalion ofli.
liwels, Pile, san all Dersngements of the Itetnal
Visern. Warrante4 to et a positvr e ear. ,PurPe..
Vegetable, conttingo no mereury, miers~asnordtaur
eve dtugs.
Afew daeseof RADWAY'RPTl will fi rtetlry,
tebmfroam ell the above numedl dimters, . r nioee
per Iox. 1O.) ItY I)liUuhIsTI.
- READ " 'PAlE AND TRUE" Send one kitee
etamploRADWAY A (tO. No. 3r2 Warrsn St.. New
YLrIkntormahioa wurth thousPds wirll be nt T~al
"_ _