Paper ofihe Parish and ('ity of NaChitOlrirs
j 1'. ('OSdUROVE, " lfitor.
SA'I'R)AY, - -
Decline of Democracy. a1ºcl we
n 1)6C11· e I J '1100"RY* 114 W
'othing is so palplialle to the puhlical
noi derstandinig mlind than the rap- sight o
id decline of Repullican Govern- cordiing
iinent in America. Each succeed- cnistitt
ing event liings us nearer the rule.
final overthrow of those institu- It isuI
tiols it was once a ipride and hon- of t'the ''
or to refer to as the heritage of ever log
patriots and freemen. t yrant
(flittering fiirms and mock pa. 'forms
geanriy have usuirpedl the real v-oted
sentinmelnt in America, and we pay three 1
more homage to empty shrines law ?"
than we do to the living Goddess first au
of Liberty. canism
As Junius said very pointedly, by the
'.there is a set of men in this teems
countnry, whose understalndilngs 1born o
measure the violation of law by cradlec
the magnitude of the instance, Black
not by the important consequeli- This
ccs which flow directly from the 1ii;hcr
principle." and be
To show what a wide departure plain.
If tli
there. has lbeen from the essence 01' Ift
our Constitution, wve have. but to If te
Cramllel
scan ldaily papers published e'ven ii
in the South, which we had hoped dredc tl
would he the lasting refuge of pop- If fore
Wlar governinent in America. ple any
A murder (or murders) is coin- is Den
maitted in the State of Mississippi, the snc
and straightway the Press and Pnl- croqsseC
pit appeal to the Goreror to ap- petitic
,Demon
prebend and punish the murderers."' Den
What are we to dleduce from the )
(such a demand as that? This, have º
and nothing more; that the Amer- feated
ican mind, ldemioralized by the ecntik
war of its sections, and degraded and v
by its unnatural teachings as well nishec
as debased by conflict and close. a saci
comimnll ion with vice and unlicens- oppre
ed power, has forgotten the con- cal h`
-of thlt
stitution, traditions and priuci- of tt
and t
ples of the government of Jnr ing t(
forefathers, andll looks for succor they
from riot, tumult or violations of libert
law to the hand of force, instead I,
of the Courts of the land. claimn
Is this not palpable evidence the p
that D)emocratic government is -
dying in America! As
Violations of the constitution, dows
which have never yet taken place men
but upon the plea of "expediency," able
or "perilous surroundings," have ahie
been so repeated that we note not the
now the most flagrant. Not a
Amo
month since the Governors of to
to hl
States in this Union, and mem- inde
hers of both political parties, have ride,
been turnished with troops by the woIr
general government in open, pal- the
pablo violation of the constitution, and
No man dare say that there ex- mmn
isted in any of those States where inmv
the "strikes" lately occurred, any. at a
thing in the shape of "domestic C
violence" which approached the pec
level of "invasion;" and the do in
mestic violence contemplated by
the constitution for the suppres- one
sion of which the President was viod
empowered to employ the army son
and navy of the general govern- res
ment, provided the State was of;
powerless to suppress it herself, rng
must be equal in effect, palpable OPi
and applied to an "inrasion with a ito
view to the destruction of the
State government."
Does any sane man dare say Ipri
that these late out-breaks had Pe
such import! No; tihe demand an
for, and the furnishing of the pe
army were both violations of the Sh
constitution, and as they meet ru
hut feeble condemnation, we re- tli
gard with shame and sorrow that th
our people have yielded up their
liberties to the "prietorian hands." b(
But, says a timid gentlemen, (P
suppose these riots, these out. P'
breaks, these "occurrances of (1o- ni
ei
mestic violence," are successes on 1
the part of their originators and ii
participants, although they do not
overturn State governments, what
then ?
When a body of citizens having a
grievances, which all admit the li
strikers had, and the law does not a
right them, it is the fundamental
principle that underlies our civic (1
structure to which they imust ip- t
p)eal-REVOLUTION! No0one (lare d
question that right, for it is older
than Washington, ante-dates the
Republic, and is planted in the
breast of everybIiving creature.
That right they had, and if it is
appealed to by a majority it must
be heeded. AhI but that is re
hellion! says one. We deny it.
Rebellion is an attemptito subvert
or resist rightful authority. Revo
lution is another and quite a dif
ferent thing. Unless these rioters
engaged in domee o violence vith
a view to the destruction of the
form of government now recogniz
ed by the constitutiol, and to rear Democrac
another in its stead, contrary It is time
thereto and 1 li'ign to tlhe sp)irit of ceasOe dlclii
Sepu1bliai n institutions, then, and putting the
not till then ! would coercion be ocratic go
lilest, but c
Sjustifia le. perience sit
One thing seems to have been ens, not
Otis2, 1ot(
Slost sight of by the m:iad coercers. niatly, but
and we are not surprised that Re- citizen.
P publican party men should( loose For sixt
- sight of it, which was, that na- iinown as t
- cortding to the very essence of the erInd this
I- colnstitution, the majority Imust people. '1
e ile. allairs of
el ,rule.
l- It is useless for minorities toprate single to t
1- of the "forms of law." No ipeopll the fhol
by thehand o'a cesfull·,
f ever lost liberty by the hand of a stihlttio, i
tyrant born of thaem, exceplt by the general
a "forms of law." Was not Ca-sar when and
il voted the purlple not less than gatted it
yN three tinmes under the "forms of States in
es law ?'" Did not the Napoleons, both words, wl
ss first and third, destroy Republi- in the bor
canism in France, antd justify it them the
y, by the "forms of law." History and its ('b
is teems with examples of tyrants but a scie
gs born of statutory enactment, andl crtic pri
by cradled ill the dusty domes of rit is not
l, Baclkstone, refer to
n- This government of ours has yet a while in
he hisiher law which must be respected, the party
and beeanse it is not, we now com- tion to tli
ire plain. Te PeoriLe, not the lair, are us as a p
of the qovert'CiLCnt. the reir
to If these People, who are the gov- I)cmocra
to crnment in the United States, say and then
'en N.tv! it must be nay, though a hun ly of the
ied dred thousand law books said aye! plies. Pt
01)- If force is applied to coerce the peo- but little
ple and enforce the law, then indeed the eye I
)m- is Democracy on the decline, for with sonmethit
pi, the success of that force, the Rubicon is of tru(
ul-. crossed, and an example is set, a re- love for
petition is jnstified, and the end of the peop
,, Democratic government rech bed. tered, 1i
' We have seen a State overturned by timie, bu
o the order of a drunken Judge, we vain vn
is, have seen a President notoriously de- slpell is
ier- feated at the polls, seated as the Ex- It is r
the ecutive of the Union nteverthieless, that we
led and we have seen narmed guards fur- the resu
vell nished to overawe citizens engaged in which n
lose a sacredl right, to resist wroug and claiminc
ens- oppression, and then we hear politi- liberty
on-cal harlots bawling from every stump Americ
n of the glories of American liberty, Coistit
and the virtue of its citizens in yield- We hi
inr i to "law," when by that very act in the i
csor they stabbed to death their very painted
is paite
s of liberty. law-abi
read Is it not enough to make one ex- canism
claim; we have reached the final of teen ye
nce the play, the farce is now on! that, I
tis Sentiment vs. Law. "levele
As an instance of the "apex being enunci
tion, down" in the moral mind, let gentle- which,
)lace men examine the decisions of respect- troy th
lcy', able courts, being rendered every day ment.
have almost, with regard to claims against or stat
e not the State in the shape of bonds. party 1
D. becomes possesseed of a certain munis'
t almonut of scraps of paper which ere are pri
rs of to have been issued as evidences of cy, an<
nem- indebtedness against the State pro- disastt
have rided D. performed certain stipulated Who
Y the work. The work was necerl done but South
,pal- the bonds were issued nevertheless were 1
Ition, and contrary to law. Still the State their
re ex- must pay theni as her n"honor (I) is sowed
where involved, and that must be sustained ait h
an at all hazards."w
lestic Courts, that are constituted and ex- has l:
d the pected to decide all questions accord- of vic
te ing to lan', but which indulge in the law d
ro do display of "sentiment," as they do on us
ed by every day, shtould be abolished at they
ppres- once. These bonds were issued in butt;
it was violation of law and for that very rca- stitut
army son are illegal, and we have but little they
woern- respect either for the brain or honesty raged
was of a court which would attempt to out- ed it
11order
erself, rage common sense by planting their ordve
lpablc opinions on sickly sentiment for cred- one r
with a itors.
~ stool
>f the Navigation Suspended. have
The Red River Packer Company withe
le say proclaim navigation in Red River sus- Cu
as had pended, so says the Shreveport 'imnes, whic
Inaud and upon tbat proclamation an ap- peop
peal is based for means to "full up" be e:
Tones Bayou in order to preserve W
of the Shreveport trade from disaster and sumi
' meet ruin. The fun of this business is, with
we re- that two stenmboate per week do all part
iW that the business required by Shreveport coul
t heir with New Orleans, just one more otic
ands." boat than we have, and still Shrove- gaze
aemen, port would be ruined if they "sus- T
3e out. pended." Our friends in Slhreveport ca n
of (1o- must possess their souls in peace and mur
endeavor to learn that the world is ther
e rs and larger than their city. North Louis will
rs and iaua is not Shreveport by a long shot. libe
do not loni
,, what TUE GREAT ILEGULATOR
Simmon's Liver Regulator.
mnH
h Summer is the season of the year Del
above all others when the system is der
mi t the liable to get out of order and severe
foes not and dangerous bilious attack's fre- ghe
emental quentlhy follow. The principal cause tif
ur civic of nearly all sickness at this time of oi
tust aip. the year has its origin in a disordered y
)n i (tare Liver the largest organ in the body, ibu
lwhich if not Regulated in tiue, great
the suffering, wretchedness and Death he
t te will ensue. A little precaution taken a 1
in the in time in the shape of a mc liable and
rreature. eficacious Liver Regulator will in Ar
I if it is most cases prevent illnes and fatal crn
it must consequences. No medicine in mo* Orl
at is re- dern time has gained a wider repota
deny it. tation than SisnmoDs' Liver Regula th
mssbvert tor manufactured by J. H. ZEILI sN
g. Revo- & Co. This justly celebrated medi- fo
:e a (hf- cine Regulates the. Liver, promotes tr
se riotrs digestion, and fortifies the system t
against malarial diseases.
nece with ---***-- p
of the Brazil furnishes us with $35,000,- p'i
cCOg O00 worth of coffee 4nnually. w
Democracy and Republicanism- T17
It is time that thinking men should :
fi cease dealing in themi ies, or at least
1 putting them in practice in this I)emn- hid
w~ithi a coilo
Socratic government.c They are at it a CIl
blest, but experliments, and past ex- ""11 w1ho
perience shows us they are dainger- hood -frol
ons, not oniily to our welfare peen- Sunday tisi
' nialy, but to the very liberty of the we ilclan
- citizen. pecting ti
e For sixty years a political party, tliroughou
- known as the )Democratic lparty, gova- This col
tC erned this country by consent of the tlhe fact t
ti people. That par'ty administered the telligence
affairs of government with an eye of his colo
t sinigle to the glory and happliiness of inig that ti
Ic tile whole people, and to do thalnt suc- slavery"
cessfully, they adhered1 to thle ('onº- I)emocnrat
stiduti oll in its pure essence. 'The it il 7
IV general power was adnlil;iSt- :tached
a1 when and where that instrnment d. point. I
u1 gated it: what was reserved to othe and the hi
of States and the peoplel, or, in other lieve that
tit words, 'what was not expressly named cract mel
ili- in the bond, was not attempted. To and his. c
it thlein the goverrnment of this Unlion cy", howe
ry and its Constitution was not a theory, on that s(
its but a science fixed and well defined. to slIowly
id In order to convince us that D)emoI- beeni lied
of cratic principles were anlld are correct, been stol
it is not necessary that we shoil Democrat
refer to tile good they have done In tlhe
t a while in active operation through o0ed friei
ed, the party ill power, but to call atten- lmorel flor
'i- tion to the eirs n hich have overtaken pIrloperlty
are us as a pieoplle since the beginning of guarded,
the reign of theorists. Contrast our chill
Dr- e)cmocratic rule with Rlepublienn rule learn son
say and then we calln judge dlisplassionilate- us iuore
nl ly of the correctness of their pli lci- take pa
Sy ! pies. Professions without wolrks do and l:w
ICo- but little good baubles may charm he real I
ed the eye for a moment, but we require --I tell y,
ritl somethinig sublstantial as an earnest 'thie nigr
i is of true faith. Voceferations of and w lie
re- love for the Union and the Lilcerly of the whit
d of the people, no matter how loudly ut- What
tered, may charm by their noise for a might h;
L by tite, but when we find tlhem to be colored
we rain vantings and lmollthings, the know, b
de- spell is broken. ing. 1,1
Ex- It is not of Republican utterances have be
less, that we now speak therefore, but of ing on t
fur- the results simply of their doctrines, For e
d in which we have no hesitancy in pro- ernmen
and claiming a foul heresy againist hiuman pocket
uditi liberty and rights, as understood by white n
ump Americans, and expressed in their childre:
erty' Conistitution andl Bill of Rights. cated tc
ield- We hear con lnints of communism ignioran
y act in the North. ,We readl thrilling and hlie stan
very painted accounts of mob violence in than hl
law-abiding States, where Republi- freemal
e ex- canism has had full sway for seven- cause I
lal of teen yc rs; we even see it charged pet-baf
that, pandering to tihe cry of the mers o
"levelers," the Republicans of Ohio "lean
being enunciated a platform of principles Colo
ontle- which, if put into practice, would des- fricnd.
pect- troy the very restage of our govern- away
y day ment. Why should this be strange Stear
ainst or startling 9 Republicanism in its "lean
party name and party sense is com- yours
.rtain mlnism in embryo. Its doctrines YoO
I were are primetive principles of mohocra- rigorll
:es of cy, aild require but time to i-csult in educat
pro- disaster when put in operation. comfo
ulated Who wasit yelled on the mob at the friend
e butl South 9 Republicans. No barriers servic
heless were sufficient to stem the torrent of and al
State their passion, and that wind they and if
- (1) is sowed with us is now being garnered each
tained at home in the shape of a mighty our be
whiirlwind. The Republican plaity
md ex- has been the aider aid instigator
ecoi-d- of violence; they taught a "higher Ift
in tlio law doctline" which vould operate the S
hey do on us of the South at the muzzle, buit cif thi
hled at thiey did not heed the action at the - alte
sued in butt; proclaoiing love for the ('on place
stitutions and fealty to till I'Uiion, STAT
ry rea
it little they have violated the one anid out- of th
ionesty raged the other when policy demand- hono
to out- ed it; devout worshipers of law and pleas
order, and sticklers for forms they W
Ig thieir
r cred- have not heeded to strike down the plact
one and destroy the other when it the t
stood in their way. In fact, they Wlhu
!d - have been jesuitical in all things pas
>mpany without being honest in any thing. cate
ver sus- Could any other result than that agre
t Thims, which we are now experienciing as a tors
an up- people, in poverty, tears and blood, cr'at,
a ill up" he expected i as a
rreserve When we allowed a party to as- buill
ter and sunme control of a fixed government tion
ness is, with fixed principles, kuowing that limni
& do all party to be a body of wild theorists, T
reveport could any result better than the cha- is tl
tie more otic exhibit now passing before our
Shrove- gaze be hoped for! Si
ey "sus- The brains and manalood of Ameri dici
reveport ca must realize the situation; they "'
eace and must cease theorizing and supporting losi
world is theoretic parties; our government "va
1 Louis will not stand the strain, nor will the the
,ng shot. liberty and the welfare of the people ~
- long submit the test of the ordeal. stei
R What we must do is obvious; we woI
Lator- must return to tile fir-st principles, to to
;he year Democratic principles! Law and or- "ci
system is der follow in the train of Democratic E
d severe government, for law and order is but wit
Lck's fre- the practice of those principles; its ma
nh1 cause h Dmca '
satime of of shoot, its result. What Democra- dr
isordered ey promises it observes, it indulges cai
he body in no wild theories of government, to
but follows in the beaten highway I
e,D Deat hewn by a Jefferson, a bladison and do
ion taken a Jackson- on
liable and Prejudices must yield to reason, thi
will in America cannot exist without Demo- do
and fattal cracy, and with its defeat law and 8a1
a in mo- order are subverted. so
e-- to
er reputa- The New Orleans PicaUye slurs at
r Regula the "country Editor" for daring to as
tZEILdN sume the capacity to assign a cause fri
ted medi- for the late strike. If we had a coun- ia
promotes try boy ten years old in our employ,
e system who would dare indite such namby
pamby drivil as the Pie attempts to
$$35,000,- pi'alm off for "brainy editorials," we
y. would brain him on the spot.
The Colored Man.N
- e had quite al1 interestiig ialk
t with a ctiloied mian, an old friendl of I have
.
ours wNho has iknownl us tioml boy- e' the -7 i
Shood-fromi the old coon hlniiting aniid ,s, il (
. rildi tishing days, and from him nade.a
ee "Q gl til 11111(11d Ih infor:l'l tionl res As
peting the colored people generally Aug. 18r
Stlirouigliout thiis section.
This colored mani, notwithstanding
C the fact tlihat Ihe possesses more in- Those v
C telligelicet tlhan the ordinary average poi so"tl ii
present ti
e of his color, ihad no hesitency in say- day after
f ing that thie "fear of going back to will ho at
- slavery"(' kept hini from voting the
º- Democtratic ticket for a long time-- Aug. 1
0' ;:r til 197ui in tact. The negro was
t i c.:eaclhed to niglht and day on that
point. He was told of the "'overseer
if and tihe lsh,'" and was made to be- We
(1' lieve that the success of the Demo- P1I
Scracy nieant rain and slavery for him oi S1
I'o and his. Six 1on hs ''"quiet deiuImocra- IThose
fni cy"', howeveTr, has hanlged their minds IH
"y, on that score and they are begining JO
. to slowly see how badly they have
0- beeii lied to; how badly they have
ct, been stolen from, and how hliappy
ild Democrat Ic rule is. UDICI
Ine In the language' of our humble col
gli o0ed friend, "' the D)emocrats will do
Surcces
'- iore for us thann the radicals. Our
en propeirty is proteled, our iiglits aie C \
of guarded, we are not cheated in i courts, ish of N
ast our clhildren go to schools where they on
tile learn somnethling, white mcen talk to ie
te- us i1oiC like we were citizens, they Ross E.
ci- take paiiins to explain government the its
do and low to us and are learning us to goods (
e. an
rim he real for true citizens iniglhty fast." sail Sul
iire I tell yon," says this colored man, Also
est 'thie nigger is learning to stand alonue turiiitni
of and When lie can't do that to lean on
of thie white 11inn for help." Cash
uit- What trouble, vexation and money
r a a might have been saved us all had our Aug.
She colored people learned what they now
the know, because forced to, ill the begin- Sucee
ing. Bloodshed, tumult and robbery I
nces have been the result of his not "lean- As sh
it of ing on the white nian." jug file
nes, For eight years i'he has had a gor- I 11n h
pro- ernmient all his own way, and his opposil
man pocket is empty, his friends, the Iitse ti
1 by white man, look coldly upon him, his said S%
thleir children, who should have been edu- \ilit
ilh Ju(
cated to some degree at least, are as j 177.
nism ignorant as lie was and is. In fact
and lie stands farther back in the dark Aug
ce in than hie did lie day lie was made a
Abli- freeman, and all owing to what I Be- Ii
ven- cause lie took to consorting with car
.rged pet-baggers and scalawags and bum- Virgin
the mers of his own race, and did not Jules
Ohio "lean on the true white uau." Ia
iples Colored men, be like our old negro hired
des- friend. Let the buuniuer alone. Keelp I eil
tern- away from the old carpet-bnagger. ('Conurt
range Stear clear of the negro politician, Natch
u its "lean on the white man" and you and Soatu
coin- yours are safe for all time to come. the f
trines Your rights will be gliardlcd witih mIIiw
,cra- rigorous care, your children will be Toul
ullt in educated, your old age blessed with detl'
comfortable homes and able white of S.
at the friends, who can and will do you uCeC
rriers service because they have the power also
out of and ability. Your interests are ours,
the3- and if we but pull together, "lean on CA
nered each other," a glorious future awaits
rightliy our beloved State.
S-- - -~D
panrty
Press Convention.
igantor S
higher If the newspaper men throughout
perate the State concur in the appointment .)
he, but of the Committee, designated by the of N
at thi - State RCgiister, to name a time and Seat
? ('o place for holding a meeting of the attl
ioon, STATE PlIESS CO'NVENTIOS, the Editor ish <
d out- of the VINDICATo R will accept the pert
mand- honor as one of the Committee with i-lil
Iw and pleasure. I
s they We designate New Orleans as the of a
wn tihe place, and Moinday, November 5th, as A
'lien it the time for holding the Convention. --
, they What do our friends of the Attaka
things pas Register and Baton Rouge Advo
inig. cate say? It this time and date is
an that agreeable, we beg to name the Edi
ng as a tors of the State Reqisteci, the Demo- Jul
blood, erat, the Times and the Sunday Delta, Nat
as a Cpmmittee of four to select the iN
to as- building in which to hold the Conven- 1
irnment tion and to make all necessary pre- tef
ug tliit liminary arrangements tlherefor. ant
meorists, The Report of this last Committee C
the cha- is therefome in order! tPe
Fore our -- - ed,
SnREvEronT is making herself rc- tht
SAmeri diculous over the Tones Bayou busi-hatei
n; they ieg, wh'n lier newspaper talks of th
)porting losing her outlet "to the sea," of tieo
prnment "vast" amount of trade destroyed by
will the the stoppage ot boats in Red River.
Tie "vast" amount of trade two
edeple stern- wheel steamboats per week
would do, does not amo.nt to enough th
riples, to "ruin a city" if lost, provided, the t
and or- i1City"7 amounIs to much.
mocratic Shreveport does very little trade [1
her is but with New Orleans, and she would
iples ; its make more money if Red River was to
)emocra- dryup entirely, than she does nor, be- -
indulges cause this whole section would have
ernment, to buy from, or ship through her. S
highway If Shreveport merchants will step
lison and down from their high horses and think
one minute, they will see at once that E
D reason. they have a big trade by the throat C
ut Demo- down this way if Red Ricer naviigation t.
law and suspeuuis entlirel!. Why, bless your
souls, Tones Bayou opened! ought t
to be your battle cry.
e slurs at
:i ig to as- W. Jasper Blackburn has retired
i a cause from journalism. The Press of Louis- I
rd a coun- iana thus loses an Able adjunct.
Ir employ, The Ounehita Telegraph Is an able
h namby- frst class country paper and certain
tempts to ly deserves full measure of support.
rrials," we
t. Ohio politics are getting red hot.
I *'i ti'f1 1t r:1 jScctssiv i
~- ---- 1r)~'i ritu
I ý'hCciail No tice. 1) do Pa
II! I havet tlhi4 clay Ihiled x itl li 'ordlr'1' to 111p (lite
c,1 th &~ai~ ith A~sesvs1Jt'1t 1htIls for ou~tCr' at
1-7w hliir' tl~y ty ill lie exposed otir 30 1 T'isiº of
Id days' iI order tiha t ('I irriltin 111:13' te ihighest hidl
J. P. JIOIINSON, I'hursday,
all the fol
Assessor Parish of Natchitovlic.h. sitl.atell the
Snccessinll
All of Sect
1,r Notice. Range 8
n- Thlose whlo have m:ide application for Township
piosition asl school teachers a:re' niot 1ti0e to CO1ItaillilstJ
present til"ll~s~l1's flor examllitlationll ally drrel anld
1Y' tlay after Moniday niiet (2t11h). Schools Nortlhwest
to will he apenIeCl throughout the parish on accordilng
oir ablou11t Septltclleibr 1st. S urveyor
lie OdARD) OF 0? XAMINERS. June, lt5i
Aug. 18th ii1111 Also Lc
- ~range' 7 %c
;a P C T R E 04.l100 ac]
t PCL`UZ~tt ~lcfcAlso Lo
I~lt10 north, i
te cres.
I'- " W'e w ill poiiitivelv ylose out' IM AlsoLol
I Pl O PW)TOG(RAPlHI (i4ALLEIRY tion 36,
Ro 0l West. Nc
lil1 1 In A' AY, AUGUST 11, 1877 contuinin
I'll- hosewishing fist class'\ictur, cs 16i-100 acc
I:· ho tei"tfulll y invited to call at Also th
nds H tion 37, LI
*c hin 11or01
i"^ M JOIINSTON' & KNUTSON, p that port
arc a I'IIOTOGRAPIIISTS. " the north
JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMENTS, nuort of
in all ab
SUCCESSION SALE. is mnore 1
to whiel
Succcssion of Doss E. Furikc, dec'd. to hic
e 0 virtue of an order of the lnoiira- CASTH
1) ble Parish Court in and for the lpar
" ish of Natchitoclheis, I wNill oth:r for sale July
y on
o Wednesday, August 29th, 1877,
at 10 o' clock A. M., at tihe storehouse of
loss E. Burke, dec'dl., on Front street, in IN P]
it the city of Natchlitoclhes, the stock of 1 Boar(
0o goods consisting of Groceries, Liquors, holding
&., c., and the tixtores belonging to the year 18
said Succession. oete
, Also a lot of household and kitchen quee, tred
tfurniture, and several horses, oxen, one oeef Atr(
e wagon, and other minor articles. may be
"' Terms of Sale. funds a
Cash on the spot. mnents c
SFRANK P. RAGGIO, July
Lr Aug. 18.-2ins. Auctioneer. Jy
NOTICE.
n- SuceessionC of S. t. Ifyams, dec'd. Secti
ry F. LEMEE, Syndic of the succes- ed Apr
S A sion of S. M. Hyams,deceased, hay- shall b
ing tiled in this office his final aCcounlt of Police
Iadministratioln, notice is hereby given to nually
d ll whom it may concern to make their trainsi
tis opposition thereto in ten dlays, othler- counts
wise the same will be homologated and of the
e ade the judgment of the Court and the isliutC
tis said Syndic hbond cancelled. of dish
u Witess the ilon. P. A. Sinmnons, Par-dbt, i
h il Judge, this 14th day of August, A. D., inTeb
as l777.
lct W. II. TUNNARD, the sai
d Aug 18,--2i. Clerk. ofre S
ceivab
a SHERIFF'S SALE. less so
HIorris Jaffi Parish Ceur t
ar- vs No. 1 J13
m- Virginia Bossier and J. Parish of
ot Jules Bossier. Natchitoches
[Y virtue of a writ of lieri facias is.
Ssued in the above entitled and num
gro hered suit, anid to ime directed, I have
seized and will othi for sale to the last
'and highest bidder at the door of the W
er. (court iOuse in the city and parish of
an, Natchitoclhes on TA
and Satutrday, 15th day of September, 1877, and
Sthe following ldescribed property, to wit: ed to
ti n H-on:c and Lot on Touline street, frei"l
Cit mnasmunimg one hundred oet front oit xl u
be Touline street, and running back foi folloN
with depth eighlty feet. bounded north by Fif
Sproperty of Win. H. Jack and succession Thi
lie of S. M. Hyntus, west by lot of said
you succession of Hyams, east by lot of W. MIa
H. Jack, and south by Touline street;
w er also all out buildings on said lot.
usR, Terms of Sale. J
a on CASIH-subject to appraisemnent.
raits D. H. BOULL', JR., C
Aug. 11-tds. Sheriff.
SUCCESSION SALE. K
Succession of Pierre Serange, dee'd. GO(
DY VIRTUE of an order of the Hon. etc.,
aent 1) Parish Judge in and for the Parish
Sthe of Natchitoches, to me directed, I will FA
and sell to the last and highest bidder on
td Saturday the 18th day of Aug. 1877,
f the at the door of the conrt house of the par
ditor islh of Natchitoches, all the movable pro
the 1ierty of said succession, consisting of one
with smiall sack of clothing, two trunks con
taining clothing, &c.
'Permn of sale---Cash, with the benefit OSi
s the of appraisement. D H. BOULLT, Ja.
D H. BOUILLT, Js.
Ih, as Aug 4 tds., Sheriff.
ition. -------------------------------------
taka- JUDGMENT.
4dvo- Florance J. Carr
ate is vs.
Edi Antoine Perini, her Husband. PL
SJEdi
9emo- July Term, Parish Court, Parish of
Delta, Natchitoches, Louisiana. No. 1590.
et the I N this case by reason of the law and
nvn- I e vidence being in favor of the Plain
tiff, Floranco Jane Carr, wife of Antoine
y pro- Perini, it is therefore ordered, adjudged NC
and decreed that the community of
mittee acquets and gains heretofore existing be
tween her and her said husband, Antoine
Perini, be and the same is hereby dissolv- Al
ed, and it is further ordered and decreed
ielf re- that the said Floranc Jane Carr, do
busi- have in the future the right to adminis
ter and control her separate estate, and
alks of that Defendant pay costs to be taxed. 5I
of thIe 'rbuo dono and nigacd in upon Court
on this 21at day of July, 1877.
ged by (Signed) P. A. SIMMONS,
iver. Parish Judge.
Le two Clerk's Office, State ofLouisiana,
Parish of Natchitoches.
week
enough I certify the above to be a tune copy of
the original Judgment on file in my of
ed, the fice.
Witness my hand and Official
trade [L. S.] Seal this 23d day of July, A.
1)., 1877.
would W, H TUNNA RD,
was to July 28.-30d. Clerk. N
ow, be
Id have SUCCESSION SALE. A
er. Succession of Elisandre De la Garza, 1
sDeceased.
le Y 'irtne of an order of the Hon. Par- e
d think ish Judge in and for the parish of t
ICC that Natchitoches, to me directed, I will sell li
to the last and highest bidder at the ',
· throat Court House door in the city of Natchi o
trigationI toches, on
is your Thursday, 30th dny of Auglut, 1877, t
! ought the following described property belong
ing to said Succession, to wit:
A lot of ground with the bnildings
and improvements thereon, situated ini
retired said city, having a front of 46 feet on
f Louis- the south side of Texas street, with a
depth of 125 feet, bounded north by
Texas street, south by lands of personis
uunkdown, east by lot of F. Niette, and
an able west by lot of J. F. Y'Barbo.
certain- Tenns of Sale.
ipport. Cash-subject to appraisement.
D. II. BOULLT, JR.,
a hot. July 28.-34l. Sheriff.
SUCCESSION SALE.
Succession of Valery Gajncnict , Dcc'd
P)1 viirtue ofui order of ILte Honorable,
i) the Parish C(ourt of the Parish of
Nfateliitoehes, to that efimt grantdtl. and
to Ie dlirected, I will Hell at public
outcry at the Court house door in the
parish of NatchlitochesC, to the last and
highest Iitlddler, in legal slubdivisions, ontl
iTursday, the 23d day of AIIugust next, h
all the following tdescrihed real estate
situated in thIis parish holonging to thei
Snecession of the said Valery Gaitunnie.
All of Section .., 'Township l10, North of
Range 8 West. and all of Section e8,
Township 10 North, of lRange 7 west,
ºcontaining in all one thousand four hun
dred and tifty-four andtl 03-100 acres,
Nortlhwest Land D)istrict of Louisiana,
naccortling to survey approvedl by the
Surveyor General on the 20th day of
June, 1857.
Also Lot No. 3, in Section 18 north,
range 7 west, containing forty-eight and
04.101) acres.
Also Lot No. 3, of Section 15, township
10 north, range 7 west, containing eleven
acres.
S AlsoLots Nos. 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9, it ree
I tion 36, township 10 north, range 8.
Swest. Northwest District of Louisiana
containing one hundred and fourteen antd
16-100 acres.
Also that portion of Lot No. 1, in Sec
tion 37, township 10 north, range 8 west,
j lying north of Three Leagune Bayou, andt
a that portion of the northwest quarter of
the northeast quarter of Section 37, and
that portion of the southwest quarter of
- the southwest quarter of Section 30, in
º township 10, north of range 8 west,
* north of Three League Bayou, containing
in all about fifty-cight aires, all of which
is more fully described on the Inventory,
to which reference is hereby made.
Terms of Sale.
SCASH--subject to applraisement.
r- D. H. B(ULLT .ll.,
I July 21-tds. Sheriff.
e of NOTICE.
, i N PURSUANCE of an ordinance of the
of Board of School Directors, all persons Lard
ors, holding unpaid school warrants for the Mess
th year 1876, are herelby notilied and re- H.1l
' quested topresent the sname to A. E. Le
n ee, treasurer, on or before the Ist day B. Ba
one of August next, in order that the same B. F
may be adjusted and settled, out of such Pig F
funds as may remain from the apportion- Pigs
iecuts of that year. Balo,
W. A. PONDER, Becf
r. July 21tf President School Board. Oran
OnuiJo
NOTICE. Cabt
(1. Section No. 104, of Act. No.96, approv- AppI
ed April 20th, 1577, providesl: "That it o
l-shall be the duty of the Presidents ofal CHoarr
t arf Police Juries throughout the State, an
lt to nually. in the month of September, to Coco
eir transmit to the Auditor of Public Ac- Sour
tler- counts a detailed report of the condition Coal
anthd of the parochial aftfairs, giving a state
1 tt, meat of the rate of taxation, the amount
of disbursements, and the outstanding Sugs
Pr- debt, if any."
. Therefore all persons holding parish
indebtedness of any kind, must present
the sane to A. E. Lenmee, Parish Treas- Moh
rk. urer, for Registration before the 1st day
r. of September next, as it will not be re
ceivable in payment of parish taxes un
less so registered.
ctWM. PAYNE,
1cur t June 23. President Police Jury. Cyp
S113 Pill
Sof
sor Cyp
Grand- Ecore Nal
hae WAREHOUSE.
e last siuEiOUSE. Cot
uf tl WM. FRENCH, Proprietor. W
i of Hid
HAVING purchlashed the business of Fm
1877, 11 Chanmbers & Barbec at this point, li1
and secured their services, I am prepar- Coi
o wit: ed to store and forward promptly, all Pec
street, freilghts and cotton consigned to mny care. Egg
.,t oi Hates of storageo in future will be as Bu
:k fot follows
th by Fifteen Cents per barrel for freights. Pol
*ession Thirty-five Cents per hale for Cotton. Ta]
f said WM. FRENCH. Bey
of W. March 21-tf. Po
street;
J. A. DUCOURNAU, Po
Corner FRONT AxD CHURCH Streets, Be
eriff. Natchitoches, La. Mt
Ve
TTEEPS CONSTANTLY on hand a Dr
K complete assortment of I)RY BC
dee'd. GOODS, SHOES, HATS, CLOTHING Cs
a Hon. etc., consisting in part of:
Iwill FANCY GOODS, P
r on ENGLISH AND AMERICAN
PRINTS, BLEACHED AND L
177, BROWN COTTONS, Bi
he panr- LINEN LAWNS,
ble pro- COTTONADES,
Sof one TICKINGS, 8
ks con- PLAID M
benefit OSNABURGS,
CASSIMERES,
Jr. BLACK GOODS,
heriff. RIBBONS, E
---- -- IRISH LINENS, Y
WHITE GOODS p
HOSIERY, P
Trimmings of all Kind, C
d. PLANTERS' LINENS,
ARTIFICIAL FLOWERS, p
irish of CROCKERY I
3o. 1590. AND I
law and CHINA WARE, I
t Plain- FRENCH I
Anto Pline- BLACKING
Antoine
uljudged NOTIONS,
unity of HATS,
sting be- SHOES AND
Antoine CLOTHING.
dissolv- Also a full line of Gentlemen's Wear.
decreed A FULL ASSORTMENT
Carr, do OF
adminis- LADIES' HATS.
tate, and
taxed. SILKS PARASOLS,
,n Court FISHING LINES
AND HOOKS,
ONS, POCKET KNIVE,
Judge. TOILET SOAP,
nisinna, PERFUMERIES,
ches. STATIONARY.
e copy of ALL THE ABOVE AT BOTTOM PRICES.
in my of
id Official
fJuly, A. Notice.
'ARD, OFFICE OF STATE TAX COECTrOR, I
Clerk. NATCHITOCIIES, LA., June 8,1877.*
---- I ATTENTION of Tax Payers of this
E. 11 Parish' is called to Sec. 51, of the
hi Garza, Revenue Act of 1877, as folows:
SEC. 51. Be it firhter anacted, etc.,
That as soon as furnished with blank li- S
H on. Par- censes the tax collector shall give notice
p wrish of to each person liable to the payment of a
I will sell license tax that paynment thereof mnuist 'I
lor at the be made within fifteen days, and in case
of Natchi of failure to pay such license he shall, T
within twenty days from said notifica
ptst, 1877, tion proceed to seize and sell, after ten
rty belong. days advertisement, property of the de
linquent to satisfy said license.
SEc. 53 directs the Collector, on the
b itnat let Monday of November to file with the
46tfet on Recorder a list of all unpaid taxes.
46 fit a The filing operates as legal seizure of
north by the property, and will hear 8 per cent
ortis interest.. On the 1st Monday in Decem
t er all property so seized will he soul at I
public auction, without appraisement.
Being mandatory, the Collector has no
discretion but to execute the law, and it
ent. will he done to the letter.
¶, J a., LN LANE,
8heriff. Jutie 9.-.tf. Tax Collector.
cj. CMI lED AND) (ORRL(' u 1'l, WEEK.1,t
l CHAS. 1L'IT1EIIs~ 8
For the VIN IrATror,.]
S Tlhey, figures reprleint rolunrl lot p
ces: by retail, high-r ]ricrs will have,
he paid.
COTTON RECEIPTS.
,f Received P'r,-vioulsly 7;74 bºale
S Receriveld this w cek
ti
FINANCIAL.
s, Golld-$O17}) -
a, Silver
le Parish Warrants
of Oht-30,h.
New-5(Ie.
II, City Warrants-75'i80c.
Il GROCEIRIES.
CII ESE-New York cream. none.
iPº Choice Western 13l'I4c
S Brandy Cherries-$4 50 per doz.
S Vinegar-18'ti2e per galloun
SRicE,-Prinre 7;4a,7'e P It.
SGood 7c.
nd Fa'ir Cic.
Soalp-5@74c per lb.
Salt-81 35 'per s:ack.
Starch --4t5c.
st, Candles-14' l4
of Whiskey-$1 5I1d$3 75 P gallon
nid Cotlece-21W234c per lb.
of BREAD STUFFS.
ill FLocU.-i Bbls $4 25'4 50
ft, Barrells $G 75,8 W0.
ng Cornmeal-$3 90 per bbl.
icih Grits-$5 40 per bbl
ry, GRAIN AND FEED STUFFS.
Oat-45ce' per bushel.
Bran-$70880 per 100 lbs.
Whcat-White Western none.
PROVISIONS.
B..ooN-Shoulders 6017c.
Clear Rib Sides 5219.
Dry Salt Shoulders none.
the Dry Clear Rib 19, c.
the Clear Sides 91t10O.
th1 Lard-Tierce9Ql10c.
tie Mess Pork-$01'$16 25 per bbl
re- Hars-Chroice 13j14
Le- Ordinary 121'13
day B. Bacon-9' 101.
IeR Pig Pork-Half bbls. $9 000
uclI Pig Tongues-none.
ion-Pigs Feet-none in market.
Balogna Sausage-none.
Beef-Fulton, $10 75 per # bls.
- Oranges-S4 50o(5 00 per bbl.
Onions-Western, $3 501&$4 50
Cabbages- none
roy- Apples-$2 50' 1 00
t it Potatoes-S$1 75'@2 25 bbl.
fall Herringe-none.
an- Cotdish-64c by 100 pounds.
to Cocoanuts-nonlo.
'Ac- Sour Krout-noue in market.
ition Coal Oil---23'@28c ' gallon.
tate- SUGAR AND MOLASSES.
onat
ding Sugar-Common 9R'
Good Common 9i@
irish Prime 10) 'a.
rsent Choice 10@I11Ic.
reas- Molasses----Common, 50c 43 gallon.
day Fair 55c.
e re. Prime GOc.
s un- Choice 90c.
LUMBER.
ry. Cypress lumber-$13 per thousand feet
Pineo lumber--$l0 per thousand feet.
Cypress Shingles-$3 50 per thousand.
Nails-$3 75,i4 25.
Wagons-$65@75.
o CottCOUNTRY PRODUCE.
*Cotton
Or. Wool-Louisiana, clean 25'28
Hides-12@ 14c.
ess of Frnrs-none
point, .Hay-$'15i. 9 per ton.
epar- Corn- 65@90c per bushel.
r, all Pecans-none.
care. Evvs--15@20c per doz.
be as Butter-Goshen, 25c per 1l.
Choice Western 18'@20c.
lhts. Potatoes- Sweet, 75c'$1 per buslr
ton. Tallow -7@---c per ponud.
*. Beeswsx'----25@28o y it
POULTRY-Chlickens $2 50'@$4 p del
Turkeys $9@$18 p dos.
Geese $5@$6 per dos.
Ducks $3 per doz.
Pork- c per lb.
etsa Beef-5@oG per lb.
Mutton-10c per lb.
Venison-$2 per saddle.
mnd a Dried Fruit-Apples l03.
DRY Beans, Northern-none,
lING Cranberries-Keg $3 25.
DRY GOODS.
Prints-7@)l0c.
Brown Cotton-6 0clOC.
Lowells-10Fl2ac.
ADStripen--1264e15c.
Brogans-Si 50r@1 75 per pair.
NS,
~DES, CAN GOODS.
INGS, Salmon-$2 75 ? doz.
'LAID Mackerel-52 75 E dos.
Lobsters-$2 00 1. doz.
Spiced Ment-$5 50 doz.
Sardines-* boxes 16tc E box.
Oysters--95ce$1 00 E doz.
Eagle Milk-$2 95 1 doz.
** Yeast Powders-$18ia26 $ gross.
:OODS Peaches-$2 50 a doz.
ilERY, Pine Apples-$2 2'532 50 g dos.
Concentrated Lye-$4 75 p case.
CASE GOODS.
Brandy Peaches-$4 00 E dos.
Pepper Sauce-Si 6581 75 B doz.
Hostetter Bitters-$5 009 25 · 1'
IE, Drake Bitters-8 50'9 00 ' dos.
Plantation Bitters-S 25')8 50 $ d
OKING LIQUORS.
New York Brandy-$l 33'1 65.
Gin--$1 32@i 60.
Imported Cograc-$1 05@2 00.
gsear. Ginger Brandy-SI 25@l75.
Cherry Brandy-Si125@1 75.
Blackberry Braudy-$1 15'1 75.
Imported--Holland (in- 3 90'4 2
HATS. Jamraca Rum-85 00'5 i
Irish Whiskey-.S5 00'5
Scotch wJhiskey-4$5 00@
WINES.
VE, Clarotc-4 '8 00.
AP, White wine-$5 50'&lo 00.
RIES, Champagne
)NARY. Krug & Co., (qurts) $25 gold
Veuve Cliquot Ponsardi-i:
PRICES. Piper Heidsieks-$25 00.
ALE AND PORTER.
DutjeansLagerbier-qta. 52 50 pth
Milwaukio-qts. $2 75 pta. $1 65.
Bass & Co.,-Ale, pintrl5 $2 25
ECTOR' Lard Oil-85'5)100.
8 Spices-Black Pepper 20@25e pe
a of this Allsploo-17@20
I, of the Nutmegs-$1 20'1 25 1!.
Ciunamon-27)32
cktd, etc., Cloves-47'@53
blank li- Shot & Lead-Drop shot-.$2 50 per
i-e notice Bnck-$52 75
m ont of a Bar Lead-10(e per I
reof ananst Tobacco-.
ad in case Manufactured all grades~S-40i
he shall, Tea-Imperial-50 clC'ii' 00.
I notifica Oolong-4@0U0
after ten Gunpowder-$1 002 00
Df the de- English Brcakfast-435'l 00
I. 1). VWORRALL,
WITIH
SIMMONS' HARDWARE
-IMPORTEIS OF
IIjRDrJailE & CUITLE
'T. LOUIS, MO.