"JAN, i C ,.. •ot E Editor.
NATCHITOCHiS
SATRDDAY, - - - April 14 1877.
IJMOMO
Largest (irculatiol
Of any Country paper in
t.ie State
Rate of Subscription.
One Year...... .- ..... . ' 150
SMontbs............ lstan
No ubscription taken for le tha 6
months.
Adrverti5emPnts inserted tt the rat- of
$1.51) per sqa"re for the first insertion,
and 75 cents for each snhAequent one.
Ten lines or leas, solid irevie'r coosti
lte a sqnare, or one hnondred words.
Jndicial Advertisements One Dollar
,er hlunIred wordls, (sarRe) first inper
-)ion, f cents for each subsequent inser
tion. Payable in advance.
All Transcient Advertiscments pas*
'de iu advanc~, snd nil Advertisement s
for a less thie, thuan 6 months, are Tra
lregula Advertisments payable q..r
.rry, in sltvuWeC.
AJvertisers in the orthern Cties
-,T  paply to onr Agents for terms ',
contrats, for no attention will le pail
to applications to us in person from that
section. .
AGENTS.
All orders for Advertising must be
eontracted with onr AgeatR.
No atteltion paid to propositions ex*
eept from tlhem.
(l. P. RowPel & Co., New York.
p. M. Pettengl! & Co.,
Ayer & Ron, Philadelphia, Penn.
Edwin Alden, Cincinnatti, Ohio.
E. Freshman & BR.,
Chianqtcer, Lord & Co, Chicage. 11.
Rowell & Chesm:'u. t. Loui, Mo.
W. W. Sharp &tCo., 2 Park Row, Nld
Thos. Mlcntyer, New Orleans, La.
J. Cnrtis Waldo,
LOCAL AGENTS.
The following named gentlemen have
iny eonsenwted, and are hhvFrel ac
kedltied ac Agents for the PEOPLE'S
VINDDICATOR.
Col. J. F. Pierson, Conshatta, Red River.
Benj. Wolfson,
on. D. W. Self, Man, nSanlle parish.
J. H. Caldwe'll Esq.,
Cavil Bray Fec., Black Land, Vernon.
Thos. Richardson,
Heo. I. F. Machen, Winnfeld Winn.
Dr. M. A. Dnn. ontgoery. Grant.
All aderti ents bnst be hand- o
ed In to this ofce by Thursday to
evening of each week, to insure in.- o
sertion that issue.
All Judicial advertisements mast n
be paid for in advance, or they acill
be ditaontinued after the first inser
Correspondence containing news of a
aener_ ? ,etw' is eohlcied from this
-and nog rimy- i .r "'- '
snam of the writer must accompany all
letters, but the nCame will not be pub
lished tnless so desired. Letters to be
written on one sktd of the sheet of pa
per, and bt contain news of geleral in
trcst i£ litef, crops and weather re
ports, gossip, local happenings, &.
• • I m r
. WI.
B, wIs
REOLk.
'Tu CRoPs AND WEATHER-t very
a astter of much felicitation among d 1
aarem t this time in our parish frank
upon the conditlon of the crops end
the beauty of the weather. Out hest ters t
ipaters assure us that they have e
never before lad such prospects; the that
soil better prepared and the hands Nich
working so we'l. Politics have been Co
abitt1dOaei-'let as alone' is the cry of hor
the egrs d Providence has put n we
a beltiflt streak of weather that his
mass tell in the end to our good. lias
Ta BSADLEa IIORRORa.-We glean mat
but a few further particulars with re- gl
gard to the headless trunk found a
doatutg in the river near Campte,
lrttber than that it was the body of
a female person aged apparently t
about sistee years, and there was a vi
pistol shot wound in the thigh of the the
corpse. The entire affair is wrapt in te
ompleto mistery which wilT prob- l
aMY sover be unveiled until that last ha
a1 Baat day. We
Mr. Rndd, the Artist, gave a Stere- st
eptio display at his Art Studio on St. pc
Denisstreet, on Thursday night. The
aslibited pictures, light, and display, w'
showed the taste and capacity of The w
artist in the fullest degee, and the fe
few select visitors were charmed with b
thie . tetalmeMt. Mr. iudd will
gie a pubtic display on St. Denis
tneet, some evening during the week, iN
,,whi b alrl se specially invited.
TM dis play is gives by Ruddio p- i
prse t of the kidness of our cit
san we hiope te will not have
.as to reIt is lesgthened stay to in
Remember that your city taxes aad
wases as due sad antes paid, the
pLym t wilt be safared.
Tbe Nand" zeroW is. l favor
.f ,elsa pmise.-i gisW as Nich
a.. Wise as, that. $nppose you
rhsert o the ear of te Caommis
• o to ' that le, nid It'k in orde
b rae saggest the "half lttoa
' ý: a3" -. .. Cif. .lp ase!
': '30. will have to Dal
. .  ,. ,.:.+.. -:, -..+, _ ., . .::  -: . 
Take Your Home Paper. The E
Our people have never been the The beauty
readers that the Northern people are; resident Israelil
it is strange bit nevertheless true. in attendance a
They should, however, begin at once given by the S
to act sensibly in the matter and iat Lacoste's bu
take as well as read their home paper. last.
The Vindicator is, we flatter our- To attempt
selves, well worthy their support. It good cheer 1
has been a power for their good since would result iti
the hour of its birth and certainly will not attemi
deserves and should receive the it to say, tha
hearty and cordial sustenance of and loving of
every reading man in this and sur- our Jewish pa
rounding parishese. every where,
It should be remembered that a on this occasit
5 paper is good or bad according to the our pleasure
support extended it in the communi- so faily groat
ty in which it is established. Our tempt appetite
'I whole time and attention has been graced with in
and will be devoted to making the women, as on
Vindicator a welcome and sought for The Society
visitor in every family. Give us, benevolence
r- therefore, your full support. Let our commend itsc
old faiends everywhere talk lke- mot al suppor
warnm readers up, get them to sub- classes and st
ts scribe at once and seeure an adjunct we but echo I
in their every day life they cannot do telligent pe(
jr without-their home paper. If you wish it full
have no means to pay now call nred success.
ron us and we will put you in a way The omcet
kid to secure the paper and pay for it. S. Marx Es
at ------ ive Presidt
The city of Natchitoclhes mus Lodge No.
shake off her lethargy. Shie has been Jacobh, Presi
been asleep too long, and if prosperity President;
be is desired, we must not wait for it to Prer; Ednt
ox- come, but must take hold and wring urer ; Edvy,
success from the moving world. Leo. Levypri,
The Railroad from this point to 'Trist,s -
intersect the New Orleans Pacific, A. Michaea
most he completed at as early a day AMffce, G.
. as possible. Good roads must be The u, G
constructed East and North of us to Ther. Isu
' Y. secure a trade far greater than the Benr Bri. t
driblet we have enjoyed ever since mnerlchnats
the war from the West. Investments dignity at
must be made in a cotton and wool tdigne ity am
have Factory, and we mast get our people toae sts a
Sac- to buy the Convent building and wit oastsd r
LE'S have the State Seminaly removed the speedc
li ver. to this point, for we have all the ad- winthe s
vantages of other localities in health, MIr. Jae
ish. society, &C. call of tih
. Will not some of our energetic bu- this speec
siness men pioneer in these matters, on thi is
. and see what can be done. Action is oIr. Marh
mes what is wanted now, and we hope After
h- our people will respond with alacrity cleared,
reday to the first move in the direction of cost's Sal
re in. local improvements. palace T
What say you gentlemen, to a beauty ti
muttl meeting at an early day for consults- to the so
tion lightful 1
ineer- The mere mention of the fact that ee setm
Mr. Rudd, thie Artist, would leave aethe
shortly, has brought down a rush of uealth
tt ofta business that le could not decline,
this and lie has concluded to remain a
ae-no And- days longer aEf-ll'ear'iae r so- 'i
ny all licitation of many who have not se- pop
be pub cured those artistic Gems, for which
r to be he is famous. People iwho want JACOB
o f pa- real life-like pictures, need not wait InnugI
ral in- to visit New Orleats to have them Su"i
ther re- taken; Rudd is an Artist who has L.D
few equals, and no superiors--cer- ,y r
tainly atone of cither, traveling, and tbePe
all can have "counteifeit present- motil
ments" of thenmselves taken at home. Alth
Do not fail to call early. her o
- ~-*c 3*-y ou in:
At a late meerstg of the Cabinet in Ioul.
interview with Cols. Levy and Ellis Inkn
and Gen. Gibson, at parting Col. ,ea,
" Levy said : "Mr. Secretary, we are Israel
very anxious to have peace, quiet ysvl
a among and prosperity in Louisiana. We ssist
p arial frankly state to yon that this cannot Wi
P r andbe effected without there is an obli- t
Out best teration of the color line; and with lo
e he ave equal frankness we must say to you nd t
s; the that this can be had only under the pect.
e hands Nicholls government." Te
ave been Col. Levy understands the situation ore
the cry of thoroughly and states it frankly, and Seo
las put in we have every reason to believe that ~'t
ther that is words will be heeded. Col. Levy insti
llod. has, by ais action in the Lonisiana Np
Sglean matter, made many warm friends and re
we rle i le certainly deserves the thanks, hti
nn found gratitude and well wishes of every biA
r Campte, Lousianian.
rbod eny of HAIL STOR..-The vicinity of Camp
pparentlywas a te was visited one day last week by a wel
re was a thviolent and destructive hail storm-- L
hi of tie the most violent in fact which has ,,
l wraptrob- ever ocuenrred in that section. The 1
wittt lost hall stons wer of large size and li
very destructive to vegetathi. Birds
were killed in large onmbers, and pra
we a Stere- strange as it may seem, a cow was an
tddio on St. pounded to death by the hail.
night. The How far the storm extended or toc
and display, what extent damage has been done o
pteity of ie we e have not yet learned, but we have t
pee, and the fears that the injuryo to the crop has
harmed with been great.
RRdd wall _ - o--- -
o S t. Denis Our chbampion is at it sgin. Heac
Sweek, relates that his son went turkey hunt- a
II tinvied. I ing in Teias and drove a large ganog
Rtdd iap- in a bog where over a thousand were
gaoo or cit- mIred down and captured-and it t
ll no h trave wasn't a good day for turkeys either r
relhl o stay in Where is the man that wants to en
Tom Ocbllieu against our fellow I
ity atss sand It is currectly reported that the ob
es pa s, the ject of the commision is to receive
.t. the old Whig party in the South. If
favor they blow their horn loud enough we
g Nc ie - have an eye on several who will tarn
*ae over and grunt-provided there be a
SmupPose yuLig fat fee behind the tooting of the
rthe C Cmes
W* de5't S i m The above remarks are simaply made
I1Ii in order to furish enpy as 'the boy at our el
the."halaf le boW yeills for more, sad we siancerely
v truet Potts, of the Mansiseld Rqorta,
ce e: 4 will smt alct p at p m "vilsonary"
1 taso and 'UprMtctcblea as well as "simoe
Baor o) AolnoII'
The Benal Brith. tion, in whose re
The beauty nd ebivalry of the pretend to hear t
tThe beauty and chivly of the ghosts of thit
resident Israelites of our city were We are all fanl
in attendance at the inaugural supper under the direct
given by the Society of Benai Britl,t dren of Israel pt
at Lacoste's building on Sunday night Desert, bnring
last. Caleb) that left
To attempt a description of the died, naud given
good cheer in viands and wines to enter into tilhe
guidance of Joe
would result in failure ; therefore we to s at the time
will not attempt it in detail ; suffice to contend with
otitat t hem usul hidirim, and who
it to say, that the usual provision hof Moses, was s
and loving of good things, for which Nearly sixteen
our Jewish population is celebrated in the conquest
s J h otime, it was at
every where, was outdone by them iug llHcient fa
S on this occasion. Never has it been tih, of t.h Cap
p our pleasure to sit down to a boar the Sdid for the
so fairly groaning with all that could enabling him t
r tempt appetite, and to see a board so had devoted te
was about to iI
graced with manly fashion and lovely in a possesio
women, as on this occasion. rael assigned
r The Society Beoni Brith is one of for his share of
b, benevolence and charity, which must to take as
ir commend itself to the consideration, strnmghold of :
Smmst al support, and well wishes of all of their, hetii
b- classes and sects, and we are assured Kirjath-arla l,
t we but echo the sentiment of all in- known ashe
telligent people when we heartily the side of a 1
II wish it full prosperity and unmeas- is th field of I
ulI red success. where the .Jev
ay The officers installed on Sunday by the gate, an(
S. Marx EaCq. of New Orleans, 1st honor of tih
ofiis Marx EsqGr miles North o
Vive.President of District Grand lar spot, enchi
st Lodge No. 7, 1.0. B. B., were I. very ancient
ien Jacob, President ; II. M. Levy, Vice- totha received
SPresident; II. Leehsentine, Tiens- Caleb, who
orer ; Edward Phillips, Secretary; the caloqnest
ughis zeal for t
Leo. Levy, Assistant Secretary; L. his conquest
Caspuri, M.; I. Knhn, Assistant M.; t phex, ane
S'rustees- S. Nelkin,i, S. 'inebar h onc e made
A. Michaelson; Jacob Levy, G.; II. nanites ha
Kaffyc, G. the absence
b e ~e, G. to be done o
The supper was presided over by partienlar ci
rto 1r. Isaac Jacobs, President of the ing of it we
the Benai Brith, one of our entrprising ag seek andr
ncmerchants and thrifty citizens, with hbut to conc
wool dignity and hospitality, and when the n ar
the moment for champagne with live to ours
toasts and happy responIses came, Kirjath-s
a- wit and mirth ruled the hour, and of a hboo
ared the speeches were as sparkling as the a:ty have 1
ad . cords and
Mtlh, Mr. Jacob Wolfson led off upon the ltied to t,
call of the President, and we furnish to get cell
bur this speech in full with remarks made ing of the
ters on the installation of the officers by oaster of
Mr. Mar. for it
h lope After the supper the tables were Jdle, for i
crity cleared, and the large Hall of La- troduced
iOU of cost's Saloon was transformed into a cInIter I
palace Terpsicore, where youth and habitants
to a beauty tipped the light fantastic toe th sephi
sulta- to the sound of sweet music. The de- And C
lighltful revelry was kept up 'till the I give At
wee sma' hours. Many and fervent Flether
leave are the VIsDICATORS' wishes for the cave eaux
Sof sccess of Benai Britlh; and for the ty in di
health and happiness, not only of its Cale
mlimembers, but for our entire energetic, a good
main a . :cu ortaincla ialt cnu opf
population. on her o
ADDRESS OF aps, to
wnJACOB A. WOLFON ESQ., at thewa ervui
ln w ait Inuguration Banquet ot Benai Brith. ter we;l
e t hem Sunday Evening April 8th 1877. t do
ho haEs L.Dt AND GENTLEMEN:--Before I uite
rs-say any lthing, I have to acknowledge Lodge i
ecr- ,,t trtitule to ~o, M r. Is:ac Jpacobs, And
iand u the resitlct of tlioe ei Br t, for the rother
present- ordi.l, invitation yam havo extended to him Ac
me and Mrs. Wolfsou on this eocCeion. Thus
at home. Althugh I cannot be an active menm- man. A
t, of yur Instltutio(n, as my a~ge does '-AI
not Peroit ,y initiation, hot . assure him, th
you my sympatuhy is with you, heart and fatt. e
soEl n I konow enough of the valualde work tan '
and dointgs of the B. B., although its for thc
ug Col. mnembers and supporters are exclusively u ral
we are Israelites, who are bound by a ftiendly tier ty
e e ,rotherhosl mosing themruelves (kull sprin
uiet yesvnhell achim) in change of litfe where the e
SWe assistlnce bcomes nece a ry. the i
is c annot When nmisfortlune and sufferings are , in
aan oli king their appearaoe, it is duty and crihal
an obli- srenth to unate to a high and use- tells
and with ful object. to establish beievolent aso- tion,
Sto you ciations for education and knowledge, woul
to te and to promote publio dignity and res- river
nder the pet.ande
thpl e B. B. have, and will establish all nd
ver the Unin, Hospitals for the sick, to t
s ittation Homes for the widows and orphans, and dmi
nkly, and Slchools, not only for Israelites alone, vr
eieve t that hut also, for the non Israelites (Aritim) a o
who are notexcluded from our charitable and
Col. Levy institutiuns. an a
aLLsisiana No cold shoulder is given to any who
f~rlien for help, be he an Israelite or not. her
riendsand iFree thinker or christian, Methodist, dry
Sthanks, Baptist, Episcopalian or Cathoiic, all h
of every alike, if they are ljets andi worthy of wi
charity, their request is granted. tho,
The mission of the B. ]. isto keep and and
supervise all their ins itntions, including aci
achools, in uniform working order. ut
t Cmp- Those that ore already built up, as the
week by well as thoe that will hereafter be es- he
tail storm- tabhi'hed. It is also a mnutual life In- wh
hr anranee,for the benefit of their members' of
which h surviving widows. nol
ction. The The B. B. is also to proomote good feel- ig
o sise and ing an'l understandigs, by giving good ani
tein example to the world..- me
tion. Birds There is still existing more or less sei
mberb, a nd prejudice against our people, not only he
a cow was among the better class. th
Iil. The B. B. Jtssociation will remove that w
endd or to evil by forwardinl their report statisti- of
O cally, of the good actions of the differ- sh
Sbeen done ent Societies, am yotr good example to Iw
batwe whvr e those who are ignorant of it,even among hi
bhe rophass ourselves; we, who livein our section l
•he crop Ilas don't know the amonnt of asnfring and g
charity there is in the North, East and e
_.__ West, but the B. B. will take charge and .
again. He establish uniform work.
again He Gentlemen I refer you. for better ex
turkeykhunt- ample to my old frieid, your Grand
a lrrge ggeg ganr,8olonmu Marx Esq.. wiho is one of t
the ilst B. B. South.
lounnd were Here is to the health, prosperity of the
tared-and it daughters of 8arah, Rebecca and Lear t
ryeeyiheither may their sons be as faithful to Judaism
aus their daughters are virtuous to their
w.ants to en- husbands.
Ir fellow o ADDRESS OF
dthtte.- S1. Xar, of New Orleanas
It t tore to- First Vioe-Presideut of District Grrand
th to reouihe Iodge No.7, I. O. B. B.
he oetll. If But a week the festival ofthe un
ad enough we leavened bread, aleo called the Passover,
I who will t ur was celebrated by all Israel, to crmmem
oilldtr tuarnete t u emmption of uus over of
ded tthor.e es oth the Iseselit when the
a tooting of the destroying msl mote the st-born of
Egypt, a well aS toramenaber their do
yde parue fo the land of bonde their
raincloli paMssae throng Se a
-oy ato .ad - into the rwldeo i hen the wates
y we owrel u to sr all unto theLm on the right hand
we aerely n the let, sad as this memorable
_held ieportbr, ,tioh is obueiiedp to this period
-- ''vivoaary i by the lrllt thii te rm
wwell a"so s thereeof,stl preeneod in the 0
ra tditioes of na ie tt, for the
-spetlitioU5 Aimbs call the gulf the
Bohr of Koloum» or the Sea of Destn.e suffering of God
tion, in whose roaring waters they till hi e
pretenl to lelar th cries and w adlinst of his justice and
the ghosts of the drowned Egyptiansll. p laed. The p
We are all f:amiliar with the fact, that panished. they re
under the direction of tleir4itlingish-i cy. Something
ed deliverenr and leader, Moses, the chil- every page, adld t
dren of Israel Laiscl forty years in the warning. None
Desert, dnriiag which time every indi- is just; none nt
vidual but two of the race, (Joshia and mrfil Chaptl
Caleb) that left Egypt t adlt gre, had The III Chaipt
died, and givenll pae to their clhildren . to us that the (iht
to enter into tlhep Irouihnldn undetli r1 the in tihe ight oft 1I
ouiel:lnccr nof osheproua, ho is introdned Lord their God,
to us at tlh tiue the Israelites w'ee abelt the groves, and
to contend with the Atnclekites at Rep- was hot against
hidlmn, and who in tprosPe of the death into the hand of
of Moses, was set apart to sneced him. mia. where they
Nearly sixteen years paas ihe employed when they cried
inl tile contnet of Canlln, wlhen at one up a deliverer tb
tinme, it was at Coilsn, te day not be- Othuiel, who
ing sufllienit for the pursuit and destrun- young, now lot
tion of theli Canaanites, he conmmanded Kirjth seplws,
the Sun atid Moon to stand still, which was led by the º
thle did ftor the period of one whlle day, people and to
enabling him to destroy those whomn God tirst single pers
I had devoted to death Whenl Joshua affairs after Je
was about to live in retirement and peace, those who are 8
in a possessiou which tlhe child l fn of Is- to begin betilue
rael assigncdl him in T.ma atseera, if good; that, ex
f monnt Epbraio, Caleh applieui to him young, they i
for his share of the conqueist, uroposigi old.
to take as sIcb Kirjati aiba, the Othuiel went
stronghold of the giants and t e centre delivered Chnu
Sof their foirtifications. His request was Mesopotani:a
grauted, he caie, into posesio f la ad rest
d KirJath-arbht or Hebron, which is still son of Kcnaz. 1
I. known as tile flourishing totn of Ha- ture, yet his.
brono in the neighboirholI of tlhich, on ment of thbis L
the side of a high hill sloping westward Othniel, act
- is tb~ field of tnire, and a Mht nhl', ' ·Ie learpited
posed tb Ibe the eve of % chcpelave, the "lnit fd
where the Jews are allowed to come to the Lion, and
athe te and there read and weep in it is supposed1
g ' •ent two the
at honor of their ancestors. About two lna, i ani'e h
miles North of Hebrlmn is a mnalralgu- Othui, my tim
lir ls ot, enclosel by the foun1 ations of a The Seal of
I. very ancient wall, which is !linited out Dial, the gre:r
to the traveler as the place w+iere Abra b,y clouds, ant
hamn received the angels. arises, pni
h Caleb, who had signlized is valor in eleven, reail
: ; the conquest of Hlebeoln. waned to show high twelve,
his zeal for the public goo pinsles onil G(ld arrives,
L. his co nllel st to Debit, al1o c ar ed Kirjatl - nient o otour I
bs.; epiuex, another strongholl . 10 milts ill when we
South of Heheolnr of which Joshua ha'l Othniel, tl
r fonce made himself mnrster, yet the' Ca-I insiring nal
Ol. n ait"' ha.ing rega.iu.ed t ri pla in Goahtus *el
the absence of the army, th ork h of all things
to be done over again, thong lie had no endless vari
b ,artieclair concern in it, oul. thle rednlac- rovidenltial
tle ing of it would be to the qeneral advanti- i the Holy
in age of his tribe. Front tlhs a c learn, not finitely wise
gto seek and amind our owl thiugs on ly. hlas he an: he
Filtl but to concernI and engage  urselves for which there
Ien the welfare of the eomaultnity, for we to which th
rit are not born for ourselves, tor must we ing to everl
live to onrselves. . of God refe
me, Kirjath-sepier, which mel, the city own tine. ,
and of a book or books, is also stdyled Kirjath- The hoonn
the sauhi, the city of learli, or letters 'That still
ma:ly have been the' repositr f tie r - And beal
cords and chronicles of lhi* k ace in-t To hint v
the habhiitants, a sent of learni'g, like Atlhens
usied to be in Greece, the desire of Cal 1 Th gre,
rnish to get acquainted with the nllcient learln says the gr
ande ing of the Cana;lnites may jiave also bee'n to God, to
b one of tile reasons to have Israel beconme proDper use
r y aster of this city; he however nit and work I
have found the place alnlOst inipregna- welfare, w
eble, for it is written ill the 3d Chapter of to cultita
Jundges, and it seems already to be intro- tle gr owi
f La- trodtued by antici)ptiion in the 15th tice, to d
into a Chapter of Joshua as fol'ws: Otlllil
iaid Andl Calelb went tip tllhnee to the in- judges in
habitants of Debir which hefore treas Kir- conquer
Stoe atl sehe. We live it
toe And Caleb said, "He that smniteth not b
id sth-sepher, and take'th it, to hin will In feelint
ill tie I ve Achsah, nmy daughter, to wife." We soul
event Fathers aolng the lsraelites, and in. He most
or the deed nong all the ancients, secent to Feels the
have exerci.sel at more absolute authori- Cicero
rrr the ty in disposing of their daughters in peculati
of its m:titge, thali is cnstonary amlong Its, Ig
but Caleb's proffer of his danghter, and 'vii' sal
ggetic, a ood portion with her, to any one that that exa
reue notKr h -e ' intend
on her obedience, thontzh contrary, per- see thlen
haps, to her own hln or or inclilation. dtt
Weats unloubtedly maide with the aiim to
fo t Brhserve his eontry, anic, to inr, a dan serr
ter we; thl It man, that wonl'l be likely islimeilt
1td o tdo woAthh is in hgheucratio:1 . nt onlny
It is riht herhe to pverO a bhe cmom ac- fi Be
e eor f I qainted with the Her ifter wholn yoir e i
oowg e Lhodge is inlieid, as it is written v:
Jccbs, 'And Othniel, the son of Kenaz. the getIi
f fr the Inolier of C:laehl, t,,k it, ail lie g fav uter
Acsuid to diu ACbRahl, uis dauigltei', to wife." jlss
mit Thns Otluiel marro el his eo sir --bo- Ig
e mefli- maul, AdClsall, Caleb's danglhter
oes "And it eae to part, as she came nino
no ase e H, uthat shhe iuoveyd him to ask of her rgte
reld, lnd she lihted of her ass; tie.
teant father a e l. igh,,te .hd et
auaent.lebsl un ato he, "h...at wk ldo .St
Lthln work (ttuoul ' "shte answered. give nuea blessiag; pt, I
lite it for ttheo has given me a south hnd, give t
for csiy me also spriugs of water. Ad he gaveo Pea
fnrpl y her the upper spriugs and the netter in h
l spri." The scarcity of water is one of th
Lf where nthe alamities of the Eastern world, auf d aout
the distraess which is often experienbced agOi
rings are by an and beaset for want of it is ioundes- blss
edtr crihan lC Park, the African taveller, and
ad be tells us that after several days o prin v ta
lea as o tiono, he had fnlleu asleep. and his faucy f a
t .oer ed ouhld carry him to the baukes of someni c
wadad e- ritrer whil he an veved with trauport, he w
and eagerly hiastch td to uench his thirst, wh,
elttao s al and the faucied efforts weonuld eir w hi tor
hthe o ick, to the dreadful disappoinumeutt. How die, (
hanssand admirably does this illaustrate tie 8thu, tthi
itee alone, verseo of the 2th Chapter of eIsai. I u
S (Aritim) a countra where water was so valuable ho
ehar itable and so hifficul to bte l nred, u it owas and
an appropriate enblet of rich blesings. that
to an woho 'theroe efor Achsah askedfor a blessisg, Ar
elitloornnot. her father had given her a Southland, to i
Methodist, dry and ant to be parched; she would the
telteo all havo e hal her hosband ask for a field
.1 worth y of which joined to that .outhland, hint I and
ed. d tholghit it more , roper for her to do so, his
tokeeep and and se would be more likely to prevail; h
l sinuuig aordintgly she did, and managed the
order. uadertoki..g with great address, taking B
built up, ss the opportuitY then herfather brought will
erf re e- eher hom t heto the hous e of her h shand,
tnl lif e In - when the eatistifatiol of having diosposed to
eirrmembers' of his daughter so well, would mak"' himn
nothing too much to do for her. She gre
ggivinggood gud reverenue, satisied, that since she hg
orlarrmted, uot ouly with her father's eco- te
moor or less sent, but in obedience to hris coninuand, tl
pe, notnooly he would not deny her hi blessiulg- he slh
urntequently asks only for the wtter, btt she means tll
the field in which the epritugs of water
I remove that were; the modesty aod reaseonableness e
sp(Wt statiiiti- of her request gave it a great advantage,
of the di ffer- she gaiied her point, her father gave her
4 e xample to thrt she akedl, and perhaes more, for 01
,eevenaamon he gave her the wplMV and the nether th
innor eection spring. From this narrative our yonng .
snfsering and generation may profit the lesson, to be
e-til, Easttand reverent and respectful to their parents. t
kehearrgeeand whom they generally call the old folks, h
borebetter tor- mcmds and expetutions; H"sbnds and t
yoyr Grand wives will find it wnhoesottte n.utnally ,
whto is oue of t advise atdjointly to agree about what n
is for the coinmon good of their family,
3Apeerrtyofihe and parents ought to become convinced
cca andnled L; that they must. Never think that lost
fi tfooJuduidm which is bestowed on their children for t
rttoui to their their real advantage, hut must be free in
giving them Ieitida, as well as naius
tenance, e0pneial)y whendutifut. Caleh
DF had three sons. sad yet gave thus liber
•Orrlelen ally to his danghter. Those p nrete for
District G get thenmelves auud their relations, who
trudge their children what is convenient
). B. r them, when they ea conveniently
Btva of the un ptrt with it, but often, alasl too often,
dd the Passove thtlelovefor worldly posesleoeons is stroe
eh, to cummem- ger than the on* for those whom they
=---.'e oe' of calltheir own.
It.. whe Joshua and Csle, both, had been
th ~h stbo-ro tlthered to their ,rthe; another era
f bobndnge, ih ir the Judges, the book of wich,. as the
h thee Rlede ea e learied jioreremtus, form .11 Impor
he. the watees taat link in the histury of the etten
tei tthwtgh hand people, and is very properly insertt be
thit mmmoemrle abltee Jha a d Smuel This book
ttihterm-ate and unm ettlal nation, ezhibiting
suffering of' God towards his p>ople, in Germans, 11e -Y-11
which we see the most signal imnstances the 'hout, W odaf
of his justice and mercy alternoely dis- ern nbltyne s of Et
played. The people sinned aid were lily men',the Sol1
punlished, they repented and found tner- dais, and even the
cy. 5oihethiig of the kind we find in and foresf the
cy.ery page, and these things are for our and Druies had a
wvaring. None should presume, for God the oak, tud Is
is just; none need despair. for Gl is tree, utndhis ieof Y
lerletfttl! thousaids of ve.:
The III Chapter of that Book relates yet, it s h A
to us that the chilreu of Israel dild evil for in the wastes
in thie sight of the Lord, antd forgot the any lawgiver art
.ord thir God, and served Baain and bas now aNy kno
the grovi's, and the auger of the Lord and a rw of
was hot against Isradl, and he sold them cribed for the cli
into the hand of tshve hKing oýf opota- hasbeen the woi
mia. where they serve' eight "ears,.and and his exettili
when they cried unto the LorId he railsed the Winds anti
np a deliverer to thetn in the persont of ceeding gnerati
Othniel, who so valorous when The Law of (G
young, now long after the capture of shadows the wl
I Kirjath seph,, when advanced in years protectin brae
was led by the spirit again to deliver his ad in safety.
people andl to beca *jtudgo in Israel, thle beautifullY'laid
first singople peand t that presided in their to the Constitui
affairs after Josha's death, a moral for mulgate the su
those who are setting out in the world trines of Jud{rs
to begin betimes with what is great and to defend, presei
f good; that, excelling in service when of our fatheors in
Syoung, they may excel in honor when very entbodiitt
g old. t hulr aito , to pr
e Othniel went out to war and the Lord widow, the tfatli
e delivered Chnshanrishathalm, 'King of firm, te indig
1 Mesopotamia into his hand. Andi the sauoe time thos
f land had rest 40 years, and Othniel, the support to tho
I son of Kuenaz. died as recorded in scrip- Science aid Artnd
- ture, yet his nelosry in the establish- Charity aend
Sment of this Lodge is revived again. rehrtn, chldme
SOthniel, accordintg to the versions of they l e desel
isnipe learledt bilihcal writers s1 1fis ta/theyt, li tel"
to the "Liotn t El, derived f1l-n bhr-n ji. ,,, feelin
Sthe Lion, and El, God, while others, antd ol and ho
ill it is supposed more correctly hol it t ted and hopefurds
oO mean 0I he hour of God," coming f o fiords
it Othui, my time, my hour, and El, God. Oh first of huni
a The Seal of younr Lodge represenits a Fair peace! he
tnt Dial, the greater part of which is covered thou I
ra by clouds, and front tUnder then at finger By whose tie,
arises, poiitin" towards the hour of Live brothers
eleven, remiinun g as not to a.it till Every one t
ow hig twelve, not to wait till the hour an Othniel hi
on tGod arrives, as it may strike at iny 1m- life for his cot
Itl- went otour life, and thle night be seitting hold of Dehir
iks in when we can work no more. With that the port;
at Othniel, this most beautiful awe- his future re'
Ca- inispiring name, arises the plestiou, hts sition of
in God, has lehova, the untereated Creator "The price
had of all things. who is revealed to us in an anion,
Sno endless variety of ways in his works and a companion
pie- rovidential government, but more fully his life, on
nt- in the Holy Scriptures, as a Spirit in- Le chevalier
not finitely wise, holy, just. ait(d benevoleit, The Knight
lhas he an hourt Is he iot the Alphas to Whether the
for which there is no Omega, the beginning Or the storm
weto which there is no end, from everlast For Streng
t e ing to everlasting? Doe's not the hour she brings to
of God refer to our ownl hours, to our field watere
city own time, given to us by him I nether sprin
jth- The hours are viewless angels, the springs
terThat still go gliding hiv, blessings foi
t And bear each inute s record up, th life to
t To hint who sits on high. If yo mu
Cal Th great rule of moral conduct is. your sineer
learn says the great philosopher, Lavater, next trines expi
been to God, to respect Time, we should iake Loge will
,cotte proper us" of our time, we should watch (onstellatie
mrust and work for our and for our fellowmen's bold relief
rent- welfare, woe should use our leisure hours If ever thel
truf to culti'fate our mind, and the mind of ter nil
intro- the growing generation to destroy prePu- If ever thei
15th dice, to dispel ignorance, so that, like dred s
Othlil, we tin biecoml e heroes 1in youth, If in their
te in- judges in later days; teach and learn to void,
a Kir- conquer and to govern ftiall it t
We live in deeds, not years; in thoughts, Then it
miteth not breaths, Then
Swill In feelings, not in fingers on a dial o rtn vour
fs ." We should count titme by heart-throbs, pass ihrou
11d in- He nmost lives who thinks uiost- human lie
eut to Feels the nobles-acts the best! ife will
thoriCicero tells us that Time destroys the you, a St
ispeloatioins of mail, but it connilrs the will eaite
oige n, etit of Nature ; and tihle Bard of g
ter, and l said 'l'i ine is the old Justice Ht hims
Sthat that exauines all ofond, irs, and e see 01 you
•l alf. .th e A "at~ i s had off 'ended G ot ,
inend-v CT, tha operst eiti aormed God, everutid
y per- see them atihilated. Israel oftenuded Go Te I
:.t.ifinn _d the Kin, of Mesopotiitiaii snhubdoed in eain
utu to it is natural that sin eets, with pun
dat-ishlnent, sonewr or later, for God, whlo iscnpti
nut only Jchor~ai anti El, self-existing and ada
e sntotig,bt he is also Rcite o, the merci-f I
k of yor i B eeig,-t. Chtattat, the graciousv one,
her res; tc . H enceilt when su w hi-r sg mp ho l the has nbee
u-eat .ttr oigitt oue Cherd, the butifelan lu i ke
l a tEg; tilh e troth, who caii 1not c e.;
fol t an user b oit eseno, the preserves of hou lnt- ed' o
fulnhess, Nonae ares rapestra rechstaahi,abut
helie who hears iniro uity, transgres-hwe cis
siun and siun, Bnakd to rionaher, the
rameih ter u s judr g en , ant d 'ac d e re ,of , th e G ri art
f heri v -G od of retm ibn tiol t a "v"pind c i s " n " lu ck
tice. Hence when lie saw his people re rn is
woalehi oset hshueiorr, a v e bn o i
pb1oeien piet, bh forgot their inituities, aned gave
e dge them peace for 40 years.
lie I' Peace, sweet peace is ever found
hne her I her eternal home, on holy ground. Onat
urit w a O ths i l thi e ret hour of G od is hovering at tec5
ordamdabout us now, we fimid onirselvus omi holy tdo
a pesinground, surrotunided by the fruitbeaing
itbis inge. b -esoenek of B volence, Brotherly Love
Sotl id o psson fore Isihwa oe u n nr
the velend h, and earmfonry, the acts thereof being the riue
for pivd mosr conducive to happiness to t ong
istfancy life, and heartS, if pure atid peaceful, wil w
to reai hm t g u t te ho u ntof us as
si cause the Lord t ll gracious uet o er
trimuuport,| he was to esiekiaa, the King. of Judahi n, t
hithiro hstht, who, whe told by the Prophet Isaiah, I
wwake him o set his house in order, as he was to e
cut. How die, (see Chap. 20,11I Kings.) prayed u-strn
ot ohe the to the Lord, saying:
Isaiah. eu "c beseach thee, OLord, remember now I
la to vlble how I have walked before thee in truth,
rdre it wts and with a perfect heart, and have done tint
belessing si, thatowhich is good in the sight-" bit
r a bleuitt. And Heirekiah wept. sore, and it came Rv
Stohuland, to pass, afore Isiach was gone out int e
ese wouldte i the ddl oumrt, at the w eo r of t h e
fr a tafield Lord cane to him sying, to turn agantrai
ant h e and torty e h l khi th ternt God hua t ha,.
,e r tordo o his prayer, and would heal him, enaigug
tto pevail; him to go mu to the house of the Lord on wt
ae o trh ged t theothird day.
thncir stnakig By hart sip will I know that the Lorde
eher o bought will heal iue, asked the Kin g of thef
eer hissanid, prophet. This sign shahl thou have of I
indini spoeir the Lord, shall the shadow go forward wha
ildaak hitn ten degrees, or go backwards ten de-tco
of m ereys.it n dout ul anwer d" It is ait
baaot s sihei thing for the shma ow to go down
fatbe y, he on- heg en but let the shadows re
mie coin.iahdta1rn bcwadten degrees, and the fa
lesninheshadowv was brought back ten degrees byan
tat he h means the Lord, by which it had gonte down i a
tgs of water the dial of Aa o, ant 15 year were ad- On
eeollsabienes s dod t Hezekiahi's life. r se
att advantage, Goth, who is ruling from eternity tote
ither gave herI etrnity, to whom ani eternity is but ant
apsimor ereo doted elhe ahour of his own, causes
e l their t s and the mn to stand still, aind
ioe veyunug the shadow to Lo inackwart his atetribe
lre s , tho be utes are not demotstnatfo y reseoni;ig, te
themroperenthey are simply affirmed and illustrated
Iles i toool dol by facts, with the ote great oebject to
e inmth show that there is but one God, and that
Husbands a tte tenor of men consisted, and yet con
som hd eeuuuil itnNothing waisyimog Gomod, bt n ad
re; anothe ~re rabu what mitiu too n ma en umey. oa
t theei t fmiy, The heathns woshipped SPi, t t Aut
mouse convinedl gels isnu Demons. heavenly bodies atid
hichk that host elements, the Persiaens adored the wind;
orm ahdrn m efor - thnder and lightning were hotored nflo-e
must be free in dcr time name of Goryon; Leeks and On- u
welletsas aiu- ions were deities in Egypt ; the Srians j
duoft iucl-ale t adore fishes Foured beasts ha d ..
-ey tns hus iber- their altars; as the bull, beon, liun
se.Ti ose had alts ate" and crooiein Egyp sanelsew.here
reatton oonswo t ho int the islandt of Crete; at an d
tatsone onveient mice in the Treads, and at teneo ;
ucovenonveittly weasels at Thebes; amid t.me porcuipineO
alualasttooooten, throuaghout all Zoroaster's "school. The
-essons is stron- IFinlanderi adorned stnen; the Scythlials
esewwhomthey iron; and many natitons gold and silver,
. as we yet perceive it in our own days.
mire;, nohherera Iplace men among the nutmber of deities;
..-as wa heettie of] anid fro~m Belus or Baal, to. te .Roma.n.
f hch wihasteEmpemror before Co,tstafltie, the in
form a ampor s~tanes of this kind are innumerable.
y[ o thebots lenehtidte procured his statue to
of the el tn bfr e wrhpe hl iig Agsu
uel. Thk i !~suet Tibokhad altars and sacrifices offered to him,ryimrb-ewrhpe hl iig Agsu
tptiotloof a tlnitu- having the priests called Auguistales. The I
_ationeehiibiing Ethiopiaus deemed all their Kings Gods,
| io it ar-and the Kings of our days deem their pen
ionwitr m er- t.i speEhoin adte~le eteb
sto.ry-offtheelong tegaeo o.TeVleao h
Germans, the Juiees of the Hungarian.s,
the Vhout, Vodan and Asia of the North- .o .
ern nations of Europe, were indisputa
bly men', the Solavi, Lithuanians. Van
dais, and even the Peruvians adored trees COMPILED AND (
and foresfs the ancient Gatils Britons a
and Druts ahadl a pnrticulaetr devotion to ( [iFor tAS .
the oak, :fnt Israel alsO believed in a For the
tree, but this tree which it worshipped
thousands of 'e.ars ago, it does worship These figures
yet, it ,s the Ehz Clajim, the tree of life, ces; ,by re.tail, L
for in the wastes of Arabia. long bire t be paid.
any lawgiver arose, of which the world
has now any knowledge, a system of laws BUSINESS iV
and a form of government were pre dull i fact t
cribed for the children of Israel9 which
has been the wonder of succeeding ages, tent ion to crops
and has exerted "a boundless indulutce 111 BART ABL
the minds and institutions of all sie- freight, one iteL
f ceeding generations of mankind,
The Law of (old, the tree of life over- COTT
shadows the whole universe, under its
s protecting branches Israel always dwell- Received I
W cd1 in safety. It is the lMai ilrfth so Received th
e beautifully laid down in the Preamble
r to the Constitution of the Order, to pro- -otal
i milgate the sublimnte and eternal doe
Strinles of Judoismn among its professorsF
d to defetd, preserve and diffuse the faith gold- $1
Sof our fathers in socity at large, as tbe Silver
w very emboditneut of all the dictates of parish ,
humanity, to protect and to sheltert the (
.d widow, the fatherless, the si'-k, the in
f firm, the indigent, not forgetting at the City Wa]
1e same time to gree encotrtragelent and i
C support to those labotiug in the field of e li
Science and Art. CIIEE -N
h- Charity anend enlighltenment dtnmnded Ch
that all men should be reearded as Btiedy Cher
of brethren, children of one Goo, whether Vinegar 1Pi
ic they desceudants of Shem, Ham or I E-Prime
a they i * OthniW1 tho th6
ld ofG ;, ' feelinghaply. contented, etera- Fait
to ted and hopeful, feeling the truth of the Soap-i't 7
m words Salt-o$ 35
Oa first of human ldessings! and supreme Starch 4l1
a Fair peace! how lovely, how dlightful Candles--1
red thou 1 W hiskey-"4
ger By whose tie, the kindred sons of men, Cotfee-19'
of Live brothers like, in amity combined! B)
ill Every one to be, every one to become FLOUR-i I
our Othniel himself ready to sacrifice his B:
10- life for his country, to conquer the strong- Cornmeal
1g hold of Dehir, which means thie Oracle, so Grits--4 7
ith that the portals thereof be opened and GRAIN
We his future revealed to him in the aequi- Oats-48S
bas sition of Bran - $1
tor "The price which is far above rubies, Wheat-
end a companion, a consort for the days of
rlly his life, on whose side he will be BAcoN
tin- Le chevalier sains peur et sans reprohe' BCOS
ent, The Knight without fear or reproach!
nt to Whether the battle rages loud and long, 1
niOg Or thle stormy tempests blow!
I ust For Strength and Honor are her clothing, Lardl-Tie
bout she brings to himnd a father's blessing, a Mess Porlt
our field watered by both the upper and the HAMS-Cl
nether spritgs, the rain of heaven and o
the springs that issne out of the earth, B. Bacon
blessings for the life that is now aid for Pig Pork
Y the life to come. lit'Tmtg
If you my lirethren feel thus, if it is Pigs Feet
et is. your sincere purpose to follow the doe- lBaognat
txttrines explained to you this day, Othniel Beef'-Fl
make Lodge will shine as a bright star in the Oranges
watch constellation of our Order, will appear i1 Onions
rmeth bold relief and the member's thereof. Cabbage
hours If ever their mind within, be panting af- Apples
ite of ter mind. Potatoes
preju-If ever this spirit sighs, to meet a kin- Herringy
dt, like dred spirit, Codfish
oth, If in their human hearts there ever be a Coconut
"arn to void, Seur Ki
Humanity. and nothing else will ever Coal Oil
oights, fill it! SL
Then will the destroying angel pass Sugar
a l orerj your house, miraculously will you
obs, pass hroungh the sea of all the troubles
human flesh is heir to ; the wilderness of
ife will become a garden of Eden to Iolass
roys the you, a Sbbath-like peace and stillness,
rns the will enter your hearts wherein the ant
ard of gles of God will hold divine service, and
ustice e himself will let his countenance slitne
I e see up''1 you, and be gracious unto you;, for
i God, ever and forever. Pne C
dt The Homer Iliad is busily eungaged Cypr
sdued in eating its own vomit. During the Nalo
e, haos paign it spewed up Packard first
tngand and as the nausea incteased, Hayes ot
e merci- followed, and for the past monuh it Hool
ohas been engaged in swallowing them Hids
beutiful in like order. Hay
deceivt.We had serious doubts all along
ec ltah, about this death bed repentance, but Eggs
ransgree we can nevertheless congratulate Butt'
Governor Nicholls on his having the Pota
"tieejus- "luck of roaring camp" because Black- Taib
lbru is against him.
adgavbuni ag . Be
Death of Valery Gaiennie.
ground. On Easter Sunday, Int April, 1877, Por
hovering at 5:55 o'clock A. M., after a long and Bee
'usottholy tedious illness, our most estimable Mut
,e arimng citizen and friend, Valery Gaiennie, Ven
eerl Love breathing his hIst, ceased to know the Dri
long trials and troubles of this wicked Bee
aceful, will world.
n un, t is as He was seized by the hand of death
Jo Judah, tn the midst of his beloved and afllict- Pri
et Isaiah, ed wife and children, who attended Br
he was to his bedside while he passed to his Lu
prayed un- eternal rest as calmly ma a babe In its t~
emmbr now first sleep.
ee ceintruth, Valery Galennie was renowned
ae n havedone throughotlt his entire life for hbsl
suecess as a cotton farmer on Red Mi
annd it came River. He was particularly noted for
ie out into energy and generosity, respected for
oordt of the true patriotism, beloved for sralable
turn again traits that adorned his frank characn- o
h had heard ter and virtuous life; lie possessed a
mhe erdblig heart, pure, tender and effeminate, y
the Lord on with manly virtues, courteous man- p
tatt the Lord ners, and liberal charity to all who IC
uigg of the felt the need of a true friend.
thoa have of In the hour of affliction and over
go forward whelming bereavement, we trust that v
'dstten de- the surviving members of his family I
will console themselves by the sooth- I
-e r::It is a lug recollection, timi he departed I
shtdows r this life am trute and faithful chris
e esa , acthe tian, leaving beltind the.heritage of
een ddegre s by an nnsultied reputation and an hon
gneo n uen estt name,-a heritage more precious
ears were ad- than the richest jewels, or the bright
est worldly honors of station and pre
•n eternity to terment ; and now as christians, let
,ity is but an us say
own, causes Deliver, O Lord, the: seul of this
n, htil l, a utid n:ble man, and bring it to the par
bhiea sorning, tieipation of thy heavenly joys.
aniill ustrated TRUE FIEND
gert object to April 4, 1877.
"God, and that -- - - = " -
,aand yet con- ytLis f Arrivals mt Prinnipal Hotels.
od, but in ad---
1Eurdickek Helase.
ped Spirits, Atn-r~ILOHue
'l yobodsi And Riley Collier, Atlanta, La. ; Louis
ored A. Pruidhlmme. Parish ; G. W. R,,b
rre hooe iond- erts, Parish ; Dr. J. D. Addison, Par
Leeks and On- ilht; P. Rogers. Texas; Gen. Kilt,
pt; tiee Syrians Kansas City, Me.; H. P. Chester,
siedebeatts had Texas; R. *. Stille, Many, La. ; Mr.
, baboon, lion Simkins, Ahl. ; A. G. Mturrat, M. ; 8.
and elsewhere ; Hpkins, Kan. ; Maj. B. HI. Green,
Crese; rats and N .& 8 . R . ,Y a n y
nd at Tenedo t N.O.; & P. I.. F.Y Dabney,
drthetrpupine New Orleans.
-;;teiSe eyythians Plante'ss Hotelh
gaold and silver, B. Metoyer, Parish ; !. Safford,
or own days . City ; McDahirty, Alexandria; S. C.
torof monthan to Hanhb, Bienville; Timon. Red Riv
,na ro e fdities; er J W. Suddath, City ; H. P. Gal
,ntote, the tein- lien, Parishl; L. Vercher, Patish; A.
innumne rabe. Landreanx. Parish ; L. N. Lane, Par
r e4hi ta sue to ibh; J. F. Ford, Texas; W. P.
iinA Augustus Wauard, Texas; W. C. Cox, Texas;
eortered to him, M. C. Long, Texas.
Auguuales. The
theirin KingsGds, -
as deem their [pe- Get your printing done at
slt deives de ithe by V £ic~w rto Job Office.
COMI'ILED AND CORRECTED WEEKLYri,~
T'
C(IAS. L1'HERISSON, e
[For the VINDICATOR.]
These figures represent ronnd lot pri'
ces; by r.tail, higher prices will hare to an
be paid.
BUSINESS is dowli to nothing; bt
dull in fact as to be deplorable. The at.
tent ion to crops keep people at home.
BART ABLE up T'eslday with fair"
freight, one item, 1600 sacks of corn.
COTTON R:CEIPT$. i
Received Previously 5813 bales. trl
Received this week 20 " co
'Total 5863 bales. g
FINANCIAL.
gold- $105 1051i
Silver
Parish Warrants t
SOld-30c.
New-50c.
City Warrants-75a00c.
LOROERIES.
CIIEECP~r.NI- fork cream 19119l
Choice Westerun 17@l7}c f
SBtrtndY Cherries--4 75 per do.
? Vinegar - 18,30c per gallon.
ur aE,-Prime 74c It,
.. . . trný oRý- _ ,l
Fain 68e: .
*l p-.7 " fr ib,
Salt-S1 35 per sack;
e Starch 415c.
SCandles--4'l4l
Whiskey---l 20@$3 50 3 gdlono*
It, Cottee-19r'2c per lb.
IBREAD STUFFS.
ne FLOUC--4 Bids $4 40'd@4 60
his Barrells .$7'd10 00.
; Cornmeal-13 Cd per bbl.
so Grits-$4 75 per bbl
d GRAIN AND FEED STUFFS.
SOata-48S50c per bushel.
Bran -$ 1 lord al 15 per 100 lbs.
Wheat-White Western $1 30 per bash'
s of PROVISIONS.
he BAcoN-Soulders 7@a C.
l! Clear Rib Sides l00 10}.
Dry Salt Shoulders 6t"07
n, Dry Clear Rib 10@ c.
Clear Sides $10}@10t.
ng, Lard-Tierce 110111c.
, Mess Pork-$17 75a@$18 per bbl
I the HAMs-Choice 12}r 13
and Ordinary 1 ,1@2
rth. B. Bacoun-1'21@ I3.
Sfor Pig Pork-Half bbls. 9$@$10
Pig Tnrgues-7c a piece.
it is Pigs Feet-keg $1 25@1 50.
doe- Balogna 8ansage-10 "l?c per lb.
nel Beef-Fulton, $11 50 per } bbls.
Sthe Oranges- -5 50@6 00 per bbl.
ear i n Onions-Western, $5 00o$7
SCabbages-None in the market.
g af- Apples-S3 25 bbl.
Potatoes--ý3 `3 50@3 75 + bbl
Skil- Herringe-50a4a c % box.
Codfish-7jc by 100 pounds.
Sbe a CoconUts--5 per hundred.
Sour Krout - $5o' 12 per bbl.
1 ever Coal Oil.---268c * gallen.
SUGAR AND MOLASSES.
Spass Sugar-Common 71@
ll you Mood Common 8281
roubles Prime 9iJ' l4.
Cess of Choice 9 'leCo.
en to Molasses-- .-Common, 35c P gallon.
illness, Fair 40c.
he an- Prime 15c.
ie, and Choice 55c.
on e ,frLUMBER.
Cypress lumber-$13 per thousand fek
Pine lumber-, 14 per thousand feet.
(Cypress ShiugleS---"" iv& swaw n
Nag s u -$53 I 75 25.
rdfirst COUNTRY PRODUCE.
Ha yes Cot ton
mulh it 1oId--Louiniana, clean 20@21o
Hides---a)lc.
Furs-Otter $1 50@2 50 each.
Hay--$16618 per ton.
Corn 50'75c pe bushel.
I long Pecans--S.0@ 90 per bbl.
le,,but Eggs--15S0c pe' doz..
r ratlate Butter--Goshen," l3b .
th oaosChoice Western '2Wa30C..,
SPotatoes Sweet, 75c@t$ per bushl.
seBBack- Tallow -Tc-- per pound.
Beeswax---258c  "h
pocLT¥--Ch1icke3u' $52 5(,'35  ds
Turkeys $9.at$1S ? dos.
nnie . Geese $5@t6 per dos.
Ducks $3 per dos.
1,87' Pork-10c per lb. 
and Beef-5@6c per lb.
Mutton 10c per lb.
Gaieenie, Venison-S2 per saddle.
know the Dried Fruit-Apples 10a.
wicked Beans, Norther.-,474.
Granberries-Keg $3 26.
of death DRY GOODS.
nd afalict- Prints-7@10c.
attended Brown Cotton-6l10e.
etd to his Lowells--t0oo2ie.
robabet I its Stripes-l2|@lt. 
Brogans--S1 5@ l 75 per pair,
,eown oed CAN GOODS.
f for his Salmon--3 00  dos.
or on Red Mackerel -S2 75 dos.
noted for lbsters-$2 00 doz.
;spettd for Spiced Meat-S 50 , doz.
e r Pigs Feet.--3 5 4 (1os.
Or amiable Sardines-)4 boxes 16Ic a box
nk characc- Oysters--95c's$ 00 E dos.
Poosessed a Eagle Milk-$2 95 y doz.
Ifeiminate, Yeast Powders-*zoo8  groas.
eout man- PeacheA--$2 50 p.doz
to all who Pine Apples $2 25@2 50 dos.
d. Concentrated Lye--6 50' cah
and over- CASE GOOT1.
etrusttut that Brandy Peaches--S4 75 p dos.
fihis family Pepper Sauce-S1 75e1 85
ytthe soth- Hostetter Bitters - $9 00@950
v deedeprted Drake Bitters--S3 50ra3 75 _dO.
itithfnlcchris- Plantation Bitters--8 25(18 50 ] 551
,eiheritage of tQ1Ok..
andn h on- New York Brandy-- 33(1 .
or prhous "_ Gin--SI 32@1l !0.
.wer theebright-Imported Cognac-SI1 65@2 00.
naon and pre- Ginger Brandy-$10 65@2 25.
.cristians, let cherry Brandy S1 90@2 75.
Black terry Brandy-S$1 60( 215..
n o sportdHolltnd Gin- 53 90@0
sati of this Jamaca Rum-S5 00$ 0
to the par- Irish Whiskey-85O
Vnys. Scotch whiskeyPOli
FRIEND. WINES.
Claret -S4 @8 00.
White wine-55 50@10"00.
ipal Ho01 is. Champagne
Krng & Co., (qurts) 1.5 EQ.
Veuve Cliquot Ponsardi-
,aL.L ouis Piper Heidsieks--25 00.
G. ALE AND PORTER.
sddisonP Par- DntjeanhLagerbier-qts. $3 53
;GGeK. Kile, Milwaukie-qts. $275 pts. $1
'Ph he ter. Bass & Co.,-Ae,P intas 25
.SPCALB IMI MBSIES
A CRPs FOR CU euM'XOS, bro elitl
ms, catarrh. throat and lung de
sure relief and permanent cult
debility, dsapepsia and all nerVoiOU
by a simple vegetable hiedecie, uwhi
venerable mtssi.'Dary pfr-njeisI Wa
resident of fSyria and the East. 0
freely giveu this valuable specific to t
of kindred sufferers with the grea
benefits, and be.u-ow feels it hise
duty to impart to others this woF
oroting remedy, and will end FPith
giual recipe complete, with full diISa
any person enelonii g stamnp for tel
Di. CLARK A. ItBBIS., Gra6l'e
recuse, N. Y. (P:.o Box 76.)
'W. J. CUe11'IJV 6I'-G
Attorne at LarO s
A Carondet Street, Ei;w Ou