(bile Vc it "5' iwdis ator.
+ 1 i t, I l t :II . . . .. . ...ll
J1 I WF. OIý TL IIT U L "
I I" II 'ill
IJi· t. I - - -
ý , . I... "_" l" .tl ýqua I . . .. .. . ....
r Official Organ of the White Citizens of Red River, Sabine, Winn and Natchitoches Parishes. .On. . .l. ....
petr · ';'li .. iý i u e pnaOL. IlI. NATCIYTOCIIES, LA., JULY 21, 1877. NO.
-BUSINESS DIRECTORY.
A K.ti--Fa'ily Gr(cr ., Corner li and
S . re rA l It- W oodan 2111Itai k 'sl ith W oVr.
. ('!lttl(' h , trrt, t.
l ' I NI:- \, H Stan --Ot- r I;, rent , ...
_F_+
. Fine W iTi. .i n \n ý;lul-W o iclar. St al l, i
- - .,--' - I
________ -" - -
A1 LE IIL] N-ut rs P bliti, St. Denie
.I stre t.
1)EV'PILY TI 1C It wneral(>, olecti'g
At, d I Cnvaser St. Penis street.
1)I r D niTH . t'.1W- uooniwok and
I ) iL ckmne en I 't , C rnr t1 Sand ey Sts.
, :,.p: ired St l;-nic Streo t.
1) ,it ) \R I ( ;. MI 'IELL" 1lr, chaotli eand
( Fi )ltnf Ct 'i \1\IA--.F:lil111iy (iri' 'l:cI , n--.
tm r :, t Lac;,, \, a.'i. ingt "n "t2
1 FOIN I' ,N1'-Fla'l il Vt lroceett- ait nd
'J * m ,rm;l 31 + d',' xtri ilt . 1 rIlhlt St t t. - i
AeI Sp t i )El't ' 'ti-. r; od , tir,
ceri Y l CItt! renIS- 'hrter 1 lrk Sondiz. 1S21
ATin fre. w ittri Sh,". Frnltt sirtet.
EI KAFE E-G.r l--Famiily Groceries, Front
G fu.ni' Lodee. .d St re,'t.
OII LITCITENOT-S-'antr-a' lotr l -so ritn e
farners' and strangers' resort, St. Denis.
Ri IIEN -Ilooit, ant Shoes nmith' and rpti
. ed, St odenis treet trt.t.
GI AR1UE W. KEA RNEY---..Reorer and NOr
tary Public, Court Il u s,, 2,l t I'rect.
HENRY GENT lS-Charter Oatk Stoves and
Tinware. F.lront .Street.
H KAFFEE---Dry Goods and Groceries, Front
F street.
SLITCIITENSTEIN -General asortnient
I Dry Goods and Groceries, Front street.
HARRIS JAFF,.r--Dry Goods andi Groceries,
Front street.
b PEteCY.i Surveyor. St. enirs Street,.
T SI.CEON - Dry Goodos nd Groceries, Was -
We ington Street.
I .TACOBS--Dry Cromls and Groceries, below
e the Dirt bridge. Jt fersoa Street.
OIIN RUSA-PDre GoPody and Grnoceries,
L, low the Dirt hbrtigc, JSt. fron Street.
ASO.GENOE & CO---Dry Goods and GrocerieSt
tWashington street.
JAS. GE\1IS-Drv Goo,ls and Groeries,.cor
ner .letlerson and Amntnlet Streets.
J W.STIDD.\'Tll-The Phonni--Choice Ll
* qnors and ('igars, St. Denis Street.
JAS. M,1 1 TECKER--Attoruey at Law St.
Denis Street.
JAS. KINGti..Watchnlaker and J.wel,,r, St.
Denis streett.
J DI'NCKI(.iI M.\N .. l iruex, awin Stlldelhy,
J W'aahinllgbn Streelt.
J C. 'It lI' IC EL-G,-neratl Mir(chandir, .a.2ah. I
Sin-tlton lstret.
J l)'(CASE-GS - ellrtll .l-r;n·tmnft ofl' X-r
Schandizt', W'asbhiingtntu Street.
J II. STEPIIENS-Limber Yard. iut,' r.,.tton
SFrIllt, Lafaetttl' ani \V.LhiIgtln stree'ts.
1 J. y1 -C11Oý-G;eu.,rad Vh1 )br:.i',,,d Retail
" Dextehr and yuh .,le t for WalOis. Wash
iJg nll tn tr',t.
"" A. DU"OU'NA CI -Fancyrwl S,topl,.- Dry
* (tods, bIoot, Sihoes Iil: i1antd Clo'thing,
rlont street
L C,.lI'rEL-Tho Grot 1lar lltoon, choice
Wio esi. Lijlort anld iCtars. Front street.
L EVi& PFHILLIPS-Fiul stock Fancy anlld
Staple Dry Gootds and GroceeriesFiout st.
L DIUPLEIX---Land Agent, St. Penis street.
MORSE t PIR.tNGUIET.---Attoraey; at Law,
hILgd lstreet. corner Trnldaln,
It. CARVER--Dry Gota, (-rnoe'ries and
" General Merchanilize, Front street.
O SCHAFFRATII--ioot and Shot Maker,
" St. Denits Street.
O CAPMARTIN-Goneral assortment of
" GooCds of all kinds, J.efferson st",',tt,
p VETLEMAN - Undertaket r, Washington
1 * Street.
. POETE---Bakcr, Jefferson street.
P, VEULrMA. N-.-Famoily and P'lantationi
* .Groceries, Washington street.
SS. CALVES.-Dentist, Jefferson street
SE. BURKE-Cheap Family and Western
* Grocery DT)ealer, Fronlt street.
" P. IUTSON-Livery, Sale and Feed Stable, (
'1* St. Donis Street.
8 NELKINS- Dry Goods and Groceries, Jeff
erson Street, below Dirt bridgeo.
r WINBARQ-G-oneral Merchandizso, Pl lan
* tation and Family Sopplies, Front Street..
Tf PONS--Dry Goods and Grocories, Wash.
tI. T1ACOSTE-T)Prugit and Apothocary,Front
J.*street.
Tf T.LLER-Bnek's Brilliant Stoves anti
L' Tinware, Washington Street.
,T1 ,BARN1T---Dry Goods and Groceries.Front
*street.
: T TAUZIN--Billiard Room and Bar, Front
. Street.
L80HGfAN--Wholesale autl Retail Mor
aohant-general assortmoent for the tradle
street.
R JACK...Attorney aL Law, 2d street,
Soarner Trdaum.
ST-Boot and Shoe Maker, St. Denis
- --- w,: t,- -. -
: . POWELL-tPhysicain and Surgeon,
.Vy .~ 'Wll Denls 8try, el.
, Professional Cards.
and Surgeon
Montgomery, La.
ATTORNEY AT LIW.
SCanode4t Street, NEW ORLEANS, L.t.
LLW hintR te Jnuse and December terms
Sto Ds triets courts at his old home
r ý' I3T, aoi,
(4Sccessor to JAcK & IYsoi)
A ttorney and Cootaelor at Law
NATCHITOCHEf, LA.
W 'ILLpraetlee in the Courts of Natchitochls.
8abiae.Ds9~o HivesWinn, Rapidh's,
I Ota~a,.,. md ni Slpromte Court of the
me. Ims promptly attended to.
S " Z. I.Levy,
ATTORNEY AT LAW.
(t umed the Practice of his Profession.)
vc praUctlee it' the Parish and TDistrict
X*s Natchltochies anud Red River
CwCoa oLoisana. United Statees Di:
Circuit Curt of Louisian and U. 8.
SClha sat Washington.
at reeidence on Second St. .
S1ATCITOCIIES, LA.
S1877.
M )ll I', & DILRANNGUEiT,
ITT'I'IL'E . I/' ('O i'N'Li:O:S .1 T
L.1 I r.
(Oic, on S"-,otld strntt,
NA'I'L 11TUOCIHES, L:A.
C. Chaplin. J. If. (tinitgham. T 'P. '":haplin.
CHAPLIN, CUNSIINGHAM & CHAPLIN
Attorneii"us (id(l Connsehlns (t Licr.
St. Denis St., Natchitoches, La.
SrlLL pjractief in the courts olt Rap
SY i'l, Grant. Winn., Sabine, )Soto,,'.
I lIed RIivr and Natchitoches, and the
Sn-l ,tet, ('on;i" of til' M atet .
C'lai;r:, promptly attted(-d to ill a dly
part of tilt 'lnioum. March 2. --t
JO Ii)' B. RO Erl TTSO.,
(Late of Nrvtw Orl'anis.)
iATORT EY & COUNSELOR AT LAW
('01 I A'i 'T.\.
L'AEi I'IF!ER I'. II!,, LO'ISV1.I.
Will prantiee in C('nrrshnattl. Nat'hito
cheiu. Mal:-iu hl. Many..m1 in every part
of North-«wcst Loumisiana. Spceial atteil
tion given to Landll cases anl Snultcessiols,
Junmie 9th. l-77-tf.
Dr. WV. B. Po-7are]e 1
MEDICINE and SURGERY.
OFFICEI on ST. DENIS STlEET,
NATCIIITOCIIES, LA.
Calls to the Country promptly at
tended to.
'efer. to )r ; J ,i , ., J . S. S i , iI 'n ,, C .
Hlamlin aiin (t. E. (;ill spit. .iMeqrs. L,llard
& ('a, lli, ('arv'r a. Taylor, Trichel & Airy
antl Cot . R . E. Trke.
April r.-ly
Business Cards.
C. A. IULLARD. N. II. CAMPBELL
Bullai'd & Camnpbel,
-D!A.I.ERS IN
DRY GOODS,
GROCERIE,6,
IIA\RDWARE,
And (el eral iMerchandise.
('orucr FRv'NT & L.AAR.iF:ITT Strcct,
1qfcIitIchigs. La.
[ EIGIIE T cash price paid for cottn aid
1 tm1roary p)rodullce in cash or crIlcllandi ,
Theo. Schumann,
-1)EAL.R INu
DRY (GOOD):,
;t:Of'EUlI~.", and
GENERAL M1E;,IIANDISE
Cor. FRONT and S''. D!EXI Strccts
Natclit, chlc', La.
March '.-ly.
Potor TVucvmain,
--DEALER IN
1FAiAIL Y GROC ERIES
A fall assortnunlt of W.LIm-Pi.\u: con
stantly on hand.
Snec.al inducements to C.tsti Customer:s.
WASHINGTON STREET,
Naic hilocih , r(, La.
March o2--Iy.
7. C. Trichel,
-IDEALER IN
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, HARD
WARE, BOOTS and SHOES, HATS,
ETC.
Highest cash price paid for Cotton and
Country Produce.
WASIIINGTON, ST.,
NATCHIITOCIES, LA.
R.. E. EBU3REIE,
-dealer in
GROCERIES
FtuNT SIREET, Natchitoc1jec, La.
O. Shaifrath,
Boot and Shoe Maker.
C ALLENGES the world for neatness
and durability of work. Satisfacti 'n
anti material guaranteed
Shoo c,n St. Denis St.
C. L. WALMW.SLKY R. M, WALM~LE Y
C. L. WALMSLEY & CO,
COTTON FACTORS
-AND
GENERAL COMMISSION MERCHANTS.
Perdido St., New Orlean~s, La.
March 5--ly.
1
Oscar Ohopii;
COTTON FACTOR
-AND
COMMISSION MERCHANT,
No. 65 CARONDELET ST.,
8 July 1-ly NOW Orleans.
T. S. FOSTER JR.,
WITH
ORR & LINDSLEY,
--MANUFACTURE8 AND JOBBERS
BOOTS and SHIOES
ST. LOUIS, MO.
July 14-Gm.
I. D. WORRALL,
WITH
SIMMONS' HARDWARE CO.,
-IMPORTERS OF
IIHJRD I`RE " CITLER r
ST. LOUIS, MO.
July 14-6m.
t C sjari & Diierich,
tIaeoste lPildint)
I"1O.NT st., N.TCIITOCII.:, a.
SRA ND opening of a NEW MA.M.lO'T'(
SPPING and St3131ER S (TOCK,
direct from the New tOrleans and lEastter mar
kiets, cotsi.li ng il'pa;tt of
>, DRY GOODS,
he ('L CLOTHING,
n" HA.TS,
SIHOES,
GROCE'EI ES,
SCROCK!RY,
1\ I.'l , & c., &c.
LADIES AN) (GENT'S'
l UISNISIING GOO1S.
Iit I ct,
S fulll lin ofGOODl)S for the country frail,
All of which the.- are sellinugat less. than 1NEW
OfII.EANS PHIC('ES
FOR ("ASHI.
('aill and examita the largest and most coin
plete4tock ever brought to this mttarket and
,atisfv yonrselvre as to to their prices.
fr H highest price paid for Cotton and counn
try produce, in cash or terchandise.
March 23--ly.
Z. H. CARVER.
FRONT STREET,
.atchitoc!eu ., La.
For the FALL and WIN
TER Trade.
NEIV GOOI)S !
New Goods ! !
11'll1: etire stock is letter antd mre
I sl]et fhaln sn l every ijltrod ,One i it:,
this mlarktt, andt ]avin, Ieen 1nlrial.e "t
ttil CASil, can be sold Iv,,rr t h,,t it
T'he Motto of ILe Firm is to sell
CI lEAl'E TILAN TIIIE CHIEAPEST.
[7 ('all attd Cexmilt our stock, wlh. ic
'c,,i il i:l part of
C.\ S. 31EIRES,
JE.ANS.
TRIMMINGS,
IILANIKEI'S,
SHOES,
, LADI)I E' ttid GENTS. IATS
Clothing, a full and Complcte Acirt
GROCERIES, WINES, LIQUORS. &C.
In fact
lA FoiESg ani sle stock or goods always
Crochandi, ollow in Wil
In fah ct
A Former Propri and letressstock of No. 7lwy
on hnd, hich haro int Streen t r
11 Corner Cais nal. Being vo oery thank-dc
fihul for pat favors bescottowed by other
prcountry friends,l andn especially those iof cash
For ver Proprishes, she now solicits.
a continance of their patronage, anet
having better fto No. 4 ie aronnd the fStreet,
loatl fid hose in the City, she hoes byr
proper care and attention to secure the
patronage of her friends and the public.
r The low rate of $1.50 per day is charg
ed for Board and Lodging.
At.. ;EtI, "~otnoee ,
NOTARY PUBLIC.
Office under Vindicator Office,)
ST. DENIS STREET,
NATCHITOCIIES, LA.
April 29.- ly.
JOSEPH C KEYSER,
Briekmaker aml Layer.
IS PREPARED to do all work entrusted
to him quickly arid In a workmanlike
manner. Tomb, Chimneys, Cisterns and
Sother work solicited.
Orders left at BULLARD & CAMP
BELL will be promptly attended to.
Jan. 27, ly.
FRIOM HER ASHES.
The Phanix has put on new life and now
caters for public favors.
J Wartren Sultdath
has taken charge and DAN now dispenses
the choicest
BIRRANDIES,
WHISKIES, d
LIQUORS,
CIGARS,
&e. ii
RICH ST. LOUIS BEER ON DRAFT. o
Don't forget, ye thirsty, the Pta:NIx a
on St. Denis Street.
Feb. 21-1y ..
SNecessity of an Aggressive
Policy
N. O. I)emocrat,
It does not require a vet y large
amount of sagnuceity to perceive that
the future welfare aiid political quiet
iof this State idepend upon the adlop
tion of a vigorously naggressive policy
Stowiard the horde of rascals who fol
eight years past, in the control of ourI
politics and the administration of our
public affairs, have plundered the
people ad1 steeped and saturated
themselves with pejriry, forgery,
embezzlemennt an:d common theft.
The elnements through the organiza
tion of whlich these politicd1 schemets
and unconvicted rohlbers held their
poi el, Ol)'cssid the l)ol('e, pros
trated out' comnu1wrce anid eclasculated
(our' inldustries, sill exist among us,
and iuiider faverablo circumstances
mai be re ra;inized. if not to again
comnp'telty dominaillte the State, at
least to, corrupt and debake our gov
ernment ned give to ouri politics many
of the most objct io'nable character
istics of free negroisim.
We are not sounding an idle alarm.
The public sontilenlt thlioughout the
North and ",Vest which sustained car
Spclbagger and fice legrloismu ill Loa
i sina,i still retains a virulent and fa
natical energy, and threatens to re
instate the lower of the Rhturning
Board, even if to do so8 it be Iecessa
Iry to destroy tIhe Fe1Vderal Adminis
tration it created. Jan. G. Blaine.
the boldest andl most audacious of the
leaders of this s( utinment, at a public
dinner given oil the Qinl inst.. at
Trcilnton, N. J., to ex-Secretary lRube
soil, one of the 1most corrupt of its
leadcl s, detiendud l, publlicanismin as
it was administered by Grant; that
is, as cxhibitcel in the rule of the
bayonet, tIe political thief and the
ignorant ingro in Loui.iaii. liI Iowa
the leplu lict':inso in convention repl
diate the lreident's _onl thetrn policy,
and announcced the reorganization of
the cruscle of seliolal bhate and the
legitimnlacy of c;a potaggery. Pack
ard i.s ItranblieldhMing the States to
fire the Rlhical heart, and frlu( every
quarter %e lhear the 1 ute (if pre pra
lion for the evival of Grilintisitn and
its restoraition in the South through
lie oi "nnization of the color line and
thlie i istatcmntr rt of Retuiiriiiing
loadi s.
Is it then wisdom, or policy, or
patriotisni on the part of the author
itiis of l io-ialla to grant any ifUfill
g'c'lt' tolratilon or n0 rrircy to tilhe
iinn1s iof the ilde and expericncedl
i0manalers of the LRadical party in
i)l'r eituist .? \ ill the p,,ople jristify
truir o!l'i its ir n erm!ittin clll riminlisl
like' Matt Wlls.Tho ii An\lderson. 0Geo.
I. oclinson and \. P. Kellogg to ln
1joy iliitlinity for their ol'ences, and
reekinig tith criniiejto stalk in our
niildst, Ii'nig evidences of the iilo)
te:cy of justice and the cowardice of
the law in Louisian ? VWill the pco
;ie tolerate a feeble and mistaken
policy, iwhihel lea vs these able and
iiose tciiupulos 1e1 free to reorganize
the ignorant and facile negroes and
the corrupt elements of the whites
into a new and disturbing party or
ganization, to again agitate society
and disturb and unsettle all our pri
vate and public interests and indus
tt ies ?
If there be any persons in our
niidst who aic disposed to advocate
the exemption of these notorious
criiinnals fron pirosecution, let them
read the politiell inew& from every
Northern and Western State. If they
do this, they will find a tremendous
movennt going on to reinstate the
supremacy of these rascals in the
politics of Louisiana, and they may
Sthen realize that the only safe land
Istatesmanlike policy, indeed, the on
ly honest and manly policy for the
authorities of Louisiana to pursue is
'to enforce thile law, reglardless of per
sons, and thus sweep from our politi
cal and social systems, and into the
Penitentiary, the malecactors of all
grades, whlether they be pickpockets,
embezzlers of tIhe publihe funds, or
eex-officials, who have conmmuitted pecr
jury and forgeiry in the exercise of
high ailnd sacred public duties.
But we are told that in the political
Scomlpromises of last spring, which
F resulted in the establishment of the
Spresent governImental situations, State
and Federal, it was stipulated that
Snone of the Radical leaders and ex
officials should be prosecuted. We
know of no such agreement or stipu
lation. If any such exists the people
have been kept in ignorance of it,
and it can have no binding power be
cause it is an immoral and criminal
contract, contrary to the policy of
the law and to the genius of civiliza
tion. There is no plower in the State
that is authorized to grant "indul
gences" to public criminals, because
any such power would be destructive
of all government and morality.
But granting for thile sake of argu
ment that the authorities of Louisi
ana entered into a contract with Mr.
lHayes and his friends to the effect
that, in conllsideration of the estab
lishment of the legal government of
Louisiana the whole horde of Radical
malefactors should go free, how can
the authorities of Louisiana now be
held by that bargain I HIave the men
now threaitened with lprosecution, and
who are seeking immunllity under the
terms of this baIrgain, lbecome peace
ful and law-abiding citizens of the
State, and are they yielding that oibe
dience to the constituted authorities
which is essential to civil order?
By no means. TIhe administration
of public affairs is seriously interrupt
ed and embarrassed by the crunilinal
and revolutionary action of these men
holding and concealing State records
and books of the very greatest im
portance. But aj few days ago they
disputed the legality of tilhe State
government in a Federal court, and
they now treat our State courts with
insult and contempt, and refuse to
obey their mandates. Kellogg has
not abided the contract, and is now a
clanimant for a sent in the United
States Senate on the anuthority of an
election by the Legislatumre of the
ausulrping government, andil Packard
marches through the hand deononcing
e and disputing the atuthori'ity of the
it Nicholls goverinIt. Ii' therte was a
t comipact of the nature ciltin d, which
i. we dispnlt\, then the crilrirnals were
¢ the first to break it, and the authori
t ties of l,.ouisitna ar'e no longei' hoound
1I by it. iit, as we have said, no such 13
1r lunnorai and crimiuinal cont act exists, i
e and the lpeople of Louisiana demandrl e
d thait the antherities shall go farward W
a, with the e imuinatl prosecution of these w
t. men. If \\'ells, Andersen, Kenner al
and Casanuav are inunoct it of the.
a crimes of forgery and perjury. the
r present anthorities of Louisiana are! i
- guilty of clinles greater still. Thre ct
d honor n0 less than tIhe interests of tl
, State demand that this issue shall be l
s tried and deterniuned. 'The guilty at
n alone will sitrinrk flont titi issue. If tl
tIW ells, Antdeison & (Co., are iinnocenit, tli
-why iido thy not thin'selrees sick the .
y courts for ta vi rlication, instead of li
- waitiing to he diragged thither by the 4
Sheriff ? If ipori thet otiler hand the,- tI
Sare guilty of Ilhe cI lies of which 1
e they are aeeusei, a hrere is the powyr c
- known to governleilnt or to law that i,
- is ;lthrorizud to shield thlri l ?
Aso w ite, the iformai tioni Canes th
- to uis that the Attorney Gteneral and to
1)Distric't Attorney have tiled inforitna- n
- tions a ainst the menth is of the 1e- .11
Sturning IBoard, ndil that those of themri d
i who re in the city iave been arrest- he
o ed. T'lliis Is well. Let the lir'oseeli- ri
C tions le carried on vigoiliroslv to tihe i
t end. The people of I, i;uiana de thl
irianitl it; publiti jI: teo an" l 1tblic ti
policy require it, and coilnron dtncc
Sc necessitates it. fr.
The Returning Board. (e
THEY .\ltiE C.l.LED r ''ON TO COME UP cl
- ANiD sEI:L.E WITiI TTHE XC.IP''AIX. Ie
TurslI( dav n fltrnion, before Jiudrle tji
WVitalkrc, )isltriet Attoineey vFinney A
andr At trrn'y GUieneral Oglden, by the Si:
advice of the la.i t Gra:iid . ultv, pre- fa
i sente tl e fntllowing iilolnriattion of
ilagairnst the undersig~ned. lt C
Johnl 1. Finney 1Distriet Attorner of st
the Frst Judicial Dllistrict ,of thre State eº
of Louridiantr, who in the ih:ate and by atc
the author ity of tii saild State iros"- at
eent-s in this lrc hal, i in lrope per- IY
son cionrle into tlhe Supeirior Crimital ilt
Court for the patlisth of irleans, inl til
thie Parish of Utileans, , and iri ve the n
said courlitl. htre to niderstani and iTlie Pi
intoried that one J. M;iadison Welli fi
one Tlhomias C, Aindlersoni. ione i. (as- itd
anlave anid one Louis l, Kernner. late lei
of thie pari'ih of Orlfians, on tihe fourth flie
n1nny of D)ecemibelr , in the eat' of ouri he
Lord one thouisand eight hundred anid 5
sevenity-six, with force and arius in at
tihe parish of i lieans alt Nore. id,, arid
within the ijrisdiction of the Siupe ti
rinr Criminal Court for the par- an
ish of Orle:n:s, did falsely arail felon- en
iously utter and publish as true a cer- tu
taii altered. failse, loiged and onn- lie
terf2ited public recorid, to wit: "The by
returns fronit the jparishi of Vernon of Co
an electioni hield for presidenltial elec- ev
tors in the State of Louitsianai, on the ab
seventh dlay of Noveitimeri A. 1). 1 ll i
nlunder a writ of election dated Sept. I
i;, A. I). 17i ordlering sIurre and pur- st
scant to the lprovisions of act No. St, b
to regulate the conduct and to main }ia
tain the freedom and puriity of elec- ie
tions, to rescribe the the mode of mairk- se
ing retlurnls thlereof or to prov fir the n
election of retturning olicers, anld tdo il
finiig their powers and duties lto I
prescribe the nmode of elntering on tie to
rolls of the Seiiatle aid Iloase of Re- li
presentatives, awl to enforce articile m
103 of the constiltution, approved No
vember 20th, A. I). tS72," and which
said public record was falsely and fr
feloniously falsified, forged ard cowun- 5t
terfeited, by adding otre hunlred and
seventy-eight votes to the nuaiber of i
votes actulitly cast then ard there for so
W. P. Kellogg, as Presidential Elec- hi
tor at said election, made by lthe Sn- Pu
pervisor of Election for the parish of
Vernon, and by adding one hundred o
and seventy-eight votes to the num- ke
ber of votes actually cast then and I
thIerefor J. II. Blurch et als., as lrea- th
idential Electors tit said election, and t
by adding one hundred anid sevenity- ii
eight votes to the vote actiually cast, J
contrary to the form of the statulte of
the State of Louisiana in such cae H
made and pirovided, and against trhe
pleae and dignity of thie same.
Judge, Whlitak'er, after Wells and
IKenner were in custody, ordered the
bail fixed at ti.it)0t,T and W\ells anl
Kenner 'furnished it, Jim tLewis go r
Casartave also furnished bond.
thi
! If Goa. Nicholls had pledged him- wr
self in advance to pardon Wells, An- ti
derson, Casenave, and Kennler in case h
they slhould be convicted of felony, ie tr
wouli have made hinrself halt to dIe
impeachment, We don't believe tie u
-did anyt'hing of the kind, for we th
don't believe that hie is a fool..--(N. Y. ha
The maxim, "No rogne 'cr felt trhe
halter drawn with good opilnion of the
law " is ilhlstrateld in the troubled
condition oif Hayes's iiid over the
eririnhal Iprosecut ioii of Wells, Air
derson, and their two cimihpairion s inf
the great crime against the ieolile of
the United States.--[N. Y. Sun.
More MarIrmon ontrrages ! The Utah ar
correspendent of one of the New York g
great dailies looked too long rlpon i
water and brandy when it was amber fo
colored, the other evening, and as he We
was going honie he ran against some
thing and witnessed a display f XV
Fourth of July pyrotectnrics. Fif- en
teen minutes afteritards he was tele- hr
graphing to his employers in New
York that the Morminris haid liade an- th
other attempt on his life by coming let
Il p behind him alld striking hin on e
the head with a lamp-post--Norris- ta
town Herald,
Si-trnagaemFnt of Sheep,
I have lfreqlncttly heard my father
speak of tlhe filfi te'ncee of the treat
uient of a flodck of ewes in the early
alnaid latter part ,f his long life (nioi-'ft
1,'ears). In his boyhood comnl:arative
ly few ooils were grown. The light
lands tdwere farmed "in the stix or se'
en cou Se shift, and hut little wheat
was grown. Rye wasn the principal
wi inte C orn ('crop. The tl-'1 write
allowed to lie two, three or four
y'arts. iUnder this s'.st('lm th~?'1n was
a loh interv\al Ibetween :. l 'ils ho
ing grown ul pon tIhe ;;.e laun , adti
conscquentlv it was more kind for
that root and did not rtellhire sot mItuch
1manur.11 N.) tiill:ngiila wi-re grow
at Ihit tLite, 1and but few swe."'", atud
the lcttcr on thaatipart of the lanld
that had been muclked the previous
y ,art or ',ctett, hieu t an :aldiitio:lal
ilight oat of fati- varld tin.lte or
4 cwt. of rape-calke wa:s used. VlIhere
the lahd hald bectt "hdeep-fled for
rye, tull hin g wats done or iC (,Beet fat
coilinl1111 t;iu ips. W\°he're thcr, had
no)t bhen anytl,.iug done for the rye
cr)op, the sliptold-ihl was got ov'er all
the land that could 1,be do:o ia tileu
for snowingl the tUiirips, which was
rnot fitnished ultil the last week ill
.Jl i. At that time there wa\s a great
deal of heath antd wai'ICn land which
has since been lbroken uip. With a
r1) t ll;1(1 the , tiath and the oll lay
1ers, with a little hug hay hunllg roliid
t he filt z bushes in sharp wealtt ier,
teI 1 t'S 'WC I' kept Oil" Ilsthips uI til
a few w'ces of lanthing. Heavy loss
front aborition wans at that timec alniotst
uklinown. Front my own experience
(extiuditg over1 upwards of fifty
y('aris) I long since came to the cot,
clusion that Si tllrphosphalte manures
extenisively usidl for turnips wcre in
jIrlious to a flock of breediing ('wese.
A few vyears since I had a flock of
six hundred cow(s (uilo ani ol'-halnd
farm) fecdiring off' a thirty-aclre field
of )iice usef~.l' shni 'p turips ll, ll, x
ccpt loult four acr.s in a iproper
state of ril"'nessa f cdiiig. 'I lie
(iwes dill well Iupoln th twenlty-six
acres tof ripe turlitps. The fiour t' ates
at one corner of the ficld were after '
rye atiid tal'es tilyaii off. Tl'he foutr
lcres w:lere Iheavil v dressed \\itlh ar
tilicial inulmiillC, laid the tlriips sownii
miit';h iatcr h11:1 ,1 those on the other
p a:t of thie ield. The wteaither was
line and open ; the turnips grew rap
idly, and the tops were vtery sSicci
lent. \hen thlie larger part of theI
field was lfi lished, 1 said to the shtp
lird, "I ai rathel r af'raid of these
)ounig turniips for the ewes." lie
anilsweled, "\Vell, sit', so shoultd be
if there \\ee imatny of themo; but I
think those few can't do any harmn,
and we nll:ly as well finish the field
now the hurdl'es are here." The next
time I w:ls over'l atnd saw the shepherd
lie said, "W\Ve have done a pretty job
by feedilng those young turnips; the
ewes have been altering for the worse
ever since they on themu." This was
about six or seven weeks before lamb
ing time. I went to look at the cwes
I foundl many of them W':T and
stained behind ; they had lonst the
bright look in the countenance, and
had a languid sort of walk, with the t
head rather drooping. About three
score cast their lambs, and many i
iliore troiduced sickly ones. If time i
anld space w\ould allow me I couild
mnoution othelr instatnces thit co!me ,
to mly knowledge where a few days't
nismnanagelment was the cause of
ninuclih miischliief. If my explerience is I
worth anythiiiltk it amounts to tlhis:
A flock of breeding ewes require,
froml one yeairs end to Ihe otheir', con
stanit regular attention; to be keptl
iu as unifl'lorm conlditlion llas circui
tnneso will pernliit; to be ted uponl
soiund, healthy food at the time the
tuLbs are with themili\ and to have a
portionl of drty food all through the
winter monthsll.  ol)tn't spaire the
pocket in wet ailld severtie wea:lther
keep this condition up, so that yoti
haive tiot to foleo titelil on jlust befo;re
the haminbig ti ne, and ttei-e' gi\o I
them e stlddelicn largo incr'case of' seC
culent ftiod.-Cor. Iondon Live Stock li
Journal.
Hoeing ancl Cultur3 of Tobacco.
Ilocing tobacco, by sonle gir'owers,
is a veryC3 slow nd tedions work. It
slhouild be dniue very ryvapidly. I can r
see no rieasont why1 it is nece.ssary' to)
cut arud clean away all the soil that is 1
iu contact w ith the Ildant to the depth I
o from one- o half to, ano ich, and then l
pulling up new and fiesh soil around I
thile pilant. Many fizrmruiii do this al- I
\ta's. ls. it because they suppose
that the displaced soil lhas become ex
hautsted ? No expceleictd hI'rson can
thilk so for a minlmenlt. Why, then,
do thliy pesiqst ii this (as it seems to
lec) foolish ollcelation ? Is it because
the earth has becoime crusted ind(
hard ? This ntay be so ; bitt would
niot tihrowing a sniall tOi tioli of fresh
cairth uipon the surface of the hili I
hlave the sait1e effect, and without ilL
jtlry to the plant ? I am of the opin
that this deep cuttilg : itli tilhe iho
near tihe Ilant is all wronig ; in coi'
loon or ordinary roils, the soil is loose
enongh to iaduit freely thle air and
l he hIeat of the suit What more is
wiitting? I tlhilk th;iat it is well to
Iho' tolbacco lus so(on as it is e:vildent.l I
that the i'oots have se.eured aI footihld
anId the plant shows a telndency lo
grow a little. init hoe it very light
hy, anid Ie carl.ful inot to rlull tile cul
lirator too close to thle row; then
follow with the hoe, enllting upl the
weeds if any have started. -Ailnl if
tile latnd has been fitted :a glreat whlile,
Sthe weeds wvill show themselvecs.
Wheitn they ,'i"e tir Ieo plnht, if nol
easily removedl with thle corner of the
Ihoe, stop all reiomoveo thlem with your
fitigeirs, but by no mleans entwalcgei
the breaking thle newly sitarlted lroot
lets. TIhese little ibroills roots are
exc'ec('intlyl telrdr anl easily bro
kcu, antd l day or two of valuable
time is lost for the growth of the
f tore it \\;:- h, td. I have dic t St t'
l:'!l so int. iL I111111o r t(' ll i ll- ti;
odil, and so close iroiid the pl.ht
that it would he loose or thie illttl:
r hall of conllreIll d soil in \A1h;ich tl,
- roots were iillrisoned woli fiill
S(\'ver, anll the lihor would ihave t,'
t hstoop llll holdl it ill p sioilon With oi1:
. hanil, wlhilst he lraced it upi wit I
t ome fresh soil. I arl of the opliliolt
that it is well to go over the tohoec,
t rapidly alll often, at least four tiime:
.1 ictore thlie lanits have attained dllcr:
e size as to be at lh! trehbleisome in hloe
ring or c(liltivaltinlg. And after thll:
if weeds tart, go tIhrough and ri -
i- oie twhee And all this tnime !t:
1 Sllre to kel the l h rld \(ell stlclhIi'
r Ifa illlu1 t is i i ig, see to it th,'
1 iallolihc is sAet i its pICee, aril tli
ean: olftentli IIs (ble doC 1by taking ou:
1 o0110 wlhere thel'e lare two rl'oWing.
I after the ph!:nts get. well started ,
w Crlli (at.s out) tIe' chit, if it is tee
i ;late to reslt, llbetlr let it groet
ai :ulinch lilt the bulld all but olle
ior. t o, than to run the risk of :
lr snit:il plantl . I hadil iratiter have thi'
"l''dpnile header," as we call themi, ltd
I t1hs us\ill eicneraily low very rapid
1 after sliclkers start. After a heallvy
I rain-fall it is well to runil throllgh the
tol:i(o and loosen(, up the soil again
lirovlideded l i:t n't too large.--l il
1 Top, in American Cultivator.
Milk and Butter.
LThere are no lliaraier's proluictiol.s
says the Maryland Fanner, so lnhject
to injulies 11ro111 lilmaly slight cluses
Ins millk n1 butter, adl l none i ill
kind ; inone that i ,ls) much and so
readilily dlteirioratl'd in val to as thices
are. hlence, all kii nil of uliicleonili -
ness shlould he avoided, aind the I!t
mosilt neatness should be observed ini
every step of their production and
mlarketinlg, firol the very feeding.
handlingr and ni!king of the cows, lasl
woll as treatment and hiandling of the
nmilk, with the churning, working and
pultting up of the butter. All of the
illplemlCliiets used, the water and the
salt used, and the roollls occlllpied It
keeping the milk and imaking the but
ter, should he kept perfectly cleni
a11nt sweet, in order to produce tim
best iluality to secure high and f:ancy
pries. No arl'ticle that the farmer
iprodulces fotr the nimarket has such ;1
\\ ide range or dilifference ill price as
butter, not eveni clheese or choice
fruit. We see( by quotations in all
the great butter markets that the:
plrices of eating 1tnter range 1il the
way froLi 1 to 10 cents per lib, while
greasy, cooking butter is evci lower
thal I tllt; eveni the packages ll
lwhich it is pit uip, whether firhkin,
pails. tubsh or rolls, affect the pricers
for which it sells. Grains and ment:;
have but a small range compiared to
butter; the ditlerenco in the pricer
of hltter is Iinuch greater than the
dilference in the cost; hence, it is
muclih more prolitabhle to mnike and
sell a first-class article than a poor
one.
G apes in Chickens.
The LoIndon Cottage Gardener sayst
"We have he learned to jcst at gapes by
makinlg free use of camphor. We
give to a chlickell ill a very bad case a
pill the size oft a siln ill gardenii peah
As sooni as e s-e SvllI)pt.cmlls of' gi:tees
we give the liidris watetr to il rinik
which is strongly impinreigliated wi th
eallthloli', thus givinig to tliho chickllns
that whicl h was a t'avoiite liiedicino
with our grcat-grandull thcrs, 'ca;llll;
iphor jtulep.' ''The treatnieit, scllil.S tIo
,xplain itself. ]The gipes, or' 'gLip
iug,' is calised by t le lresece o(If
1iilall redl worms in tllhe wiilluil. ie
nieldicine can reach thligi unlless it
does so hy vapollr. An hour alfter the
chicken losa swalloweil the pill it
siills o(if calil1hor. C'laiihcior' is at
very stroling veriliitlge, and tihe woilirs
Chic:ken Cholery.
()r lighCest anthoritii.s alnd minowst
thoroughlll ilin vestightors agree I hat tils
dlisease i is a "bll 1(l )ioisoli,'' cnisceil
byv ll alalinli or iliai li.9imi ic ti t oi! O,.plheric
agenIs. 'T'he rilenieilic, aindl Iircvelttil
lives indicated, then, are ,iltCli as will
inriealize tlLe poisoins in the blood
ton)e the system to reilder it mioire
iml]vioit usli) lt l mlbiil aiiil epiildeill
illllleciiCCes, aniid alsllo dlestroy malarial
and e(' lillelic i plrticls ini the ,Itlnos
phere., cl'Proper dietlary ald hygienil
li reulialre s iiUst .l)o 11e 441served il
housing in dry, well-etihiited iulr
tiers, kept ceIrpuillyii.ly chlii and
frequently w hitewtashed withl freshi
lime wvliitewaish to which ilis beenl
added a week solultion of CauilholiC
acid. i)iseansed iuaiterls sholuhin be
saturt.ed daily, with a solution of
carbolic acil. - lgnmi-'Trolical.l
Floating Apiary.
This piroijcet we blieve has:l nictt n'
yet hecu put in pIractic'e ili ol!r owii
cilllintr. ' lie ideal is~ to, liivye a1n
1i.rit t1o ,41 It Ilarge, flat-Ihmti iltl ed boat
or rnft, which a to be flont edi along on
s111oe If olllr lhrige Irivers, s5i as to ble
constanitly in the iniilst (of tlhe great
est fli\\ otf lioney ahullt lthe seasoi
through. It is well known that the
white clover commences to bl1loi,4
Iii.t in the ( extrcllO sollutli, allnl tlheli
gi'adiially imoves nltorlthwardl; if we
coul ho in h le liildst of tlis yielt
ihuring its height, for six or eight
montihs, it would ieei t, norilmous
Ci.ll s miiight 1,0e obtaihieil. Ve atro
iiiforncld 1y' history that thll lancient
Egyptians of the Nile made a practi
cal success of these uIlontingt! alnla:iti
and tlhat they were warnedl whnii it
was Ihtie to retlnr-i home libv thie deulptt
to whichi the bolt sanik in the w:aler
under I h, weighlt ot' tlth 'argio ol( lo
r. 'l'l~'h t ihe iee; mI!ght not hIe ls.,
ti, apiary was (loh'd to a iew fieli
hii diig thei night. tiiomethhiig siuinlar,
located on swhieels, to be diawn liy
horses, has been s5iig-'eted, but wi'
helieee never attewulited. Glemiuanin
in Dec ('ulto rI.