-,, + , + , m ,+ _ ' + } t om . . .. . ... .S ... .
t * *<
'A vd ~ . , . ý -. . -. - . _f oe+ .., -',i'" .7 ].. tjfw1N! T" ,.._. .;rR w. 'A-owkA v
._ , . t-, sudthe ftiajd ol tihe P~ol,: .t:,
uq '9. 7 to I_ 1_ __ j itl:: 0r TURDA0 M ruin
ua n+ 11 UN 18 00 0 0 t L34 Kn o 2 5 u9 H { U R 1 E LW04N
s4ui,0 32. I4IAi 0' '
o TH E WPLE 1$ ' q pp SUPRE M E LAoW . . _ _ __ _ _One e pyasrpo ýa -e- -
1 a 3'. 1 -o 4n so Eýi tO-o r &i In,
i I 1" __....- -.. 1-- - - - . _ _ _ _ -
_. .- : , Organ ' th zeisf od v , abine, Wiun and Watchitoches Parishes. fti I.. ' ,.
S r ...c •" 00 ' n bite Citizen Re_-- d h ini t
.+ ,gllmr.+ a~un + q[ nn 1h O fa- ... ... ... t'-e W - -- _= ) '.. . ý---I) o~i~rt~,,ci a li.s i adli
TS :, II, ,.T H LA., APRIL 14,1877. rh u t n a
1.." ., l . } . , ,,,. , . ,,, , , .,= - ,= = " - " ... _. . ..
,R AL$ Abfl DEPAIt+RSle . '
Alegndria to Natchitoches.
ArrivaLr. 1Departure .
Tnuesday p. m.' !' Thtrasd y 9 a. m.
Friday 4 p. m. MatnElsy 'a. n.
Sunday 4 p. m. Monda * 49. in.
Natchitoches to Shreveport.
Tuesday 9 s. .w. Tnesday.p a. m.
Thursday 9 a. im. Thnrsdal 9 a. nm.
Saturday 9 a. m. Saturday 9 a. m.
Natehltehes to Texas.
Tnesday .l' ., Monday 7 a. m.
atardzy p. m: Thursday 7 a. m.
Sgtdhitoches to Minderi.
Natchitoches to Winufleld.
urosday 12 m. Tuesday I p. im.
Friday 12 mi, Friday I p. it.
Ar.L. MA.t.q CLOAs AT 8 A. it.
Oice Flours-from 7 A. M. to 12 M.
-id from 2 P M to 6 P M.
W. D. H.I\RKXS.
Post Master.
Professional Cards,.
W. II. ,TACK. D. PTtiiRI'
Jacko ,b ]Pieoron.
Attorle!i x1a/i Counseror8 at Law
NATCHITOCHE$, LA.
TIr[LL practice in the Conrtn orNatcliit.ehbt.
,abine. D, to, Ited River, Winn, lRapl'.,
pd Grant, and in the Supreuo, CoiLt cl the
late. C.laimns promptly attonded to.
March 25-lv"
Chaplin. J. U. Cunningham. T. P. Ohaplin.
CIAPUII, CU IJNGI & CHAPLlN
Attorneys and Counselora at Law.
et. Denis St., Natchitoches, La.
II4L practice in the courta ot Rap
. I dea, Grant, Winn, Sabine, DeSoto,
ltivr ,and Natchitoches, and the
Supreile CoirMt fat the State.
Claims priiptly iattended to in any
part of the Union. March 25-ly
. . J. CU..J'I.GIIGH.LT1,
Attorney at Law,
44 Carondet Street, Naw ORLKANs, LA.
Dr. W. B. VowelJ
NEDICINE and SURGERY.
;OFFICE on ST. DENIS STREET,
re-- .-l -rqa- H'llTC rlX'SW , LA.
'Calls to the Country promptly at
.tSuded to.
blfers to Drs. F. Tohnson, .1. S. Stephens, C.
]1alla and G. E. Gillespie. Moesrs. Bullard
•Cambpbell, Cnrver k Taylor, Trichol & Airoey
al1Col. R. B. Burke.
April g.-ly
MILTON A, DUNN,
Physician and Surgeon
MontgrOar ery, La.
Business Cards.
Q4. BDULLARD. N.H. CAMPBELL t
BiUllrd.& Campbell,
-DIALIRS IN
SI GOODS, th
GROCERIES,
HARDWARE,
And General Merchandisee
(erner FoNTr & LAVrYmSr Street,
Nitekitoche., La.
~jGI8RST cabh prie paid for cotton rad
a lMýtJ irnedN o is or merchandise.
foI a ,riohelI
(Walmaley's Brick Bailding,)
Washington 8teet, Natehitoches, La.
Wholesale roL Retail Dealer in
j Dry Goods, Groceries,
s" CAPS.
BOOTS,
s OES0 , •
and d~anralt MRCHANDISE
' ghe t price paid for-Cotton and
.,(atry produce, in Cash or Mer
`: a " --EAiER IN-
GROCERIES, and
--,' ERAL MERCANDISE
SflNT and ST. DENIS Streets
Natchitoohes, La.
SK.areh l54y.
-D3lsAiR IN
:FAkilT- Y -tROd BRIE s
A fll sart ent of WAiUPApnE con
I matyo S han '.d.
iauessanlts Ciai Cuubtcers.
-wfslmneTrrEr,
, swr', VloaUsd, Lei.
' c wi o Soeld Maker.
th world for neat.
b. R 't. • t •tt.
Ciaspari & Dietrich,
.2, º (Lseoate fnlihilg)
) \f`; Qt., NATCHITOCIES, La.
v;opening of a NEW MAMMOTIH
s I and SLUMMER STOCK,
direct frnm 'he New Orleans and Easter mar=
keta edastting inlpart of
DRY GOODS,
BOOTS,
SHOES,
GROCERIES,
CROCKERY,
HARtD
"WARE, &c, &c.
LADIES AND GENTS'
FURNISHING GOODS.
In tact,
A full line of(G01JS idr the th ninitry trade
All of which they are Relling at less than NEW
O~LEA.N8 PRICES
FOR CASH.
Call anti examine the largest and most corn
pletestuck ever brought to this market and
eatisfy yourselves as to their prices.
f: Highest price paid for Cotton and coun
Oty produce, in cash or merchandise.
March 25- is.
JAs. I. E.IlC-, R
Practical TL
WATCHMAKER,
1 b -AND
a Jwelelr.
n fo
Watches, Clocks, and Jew- ct
elry carefully repaired and warrantel. hi
Standard TI ME Kept th
and Watches set and regulated correct- tr
ly, free of charge. so
A tine lot of WATCHES aiitM CLOCKS ir
for sale chtap. IS
(Oiee on St. Denis st., betweei 2A & 3d.)
Feb. 3--ly.
Boarding HotUse.
L. R. BURDIC V, Proprietor.
(Corner FRONT and TOULINE Ste.)
NATCIIITOCHESR LA.
ft
EVERYTHING NEW.
ROOMS ELEGANTLY FURNISHED. a
The only First-Class House in the ciiy
in fact the only house where transient a
travelers can be accommodated.
Tables supplied with the best the mar
kets afford.
Attentive waiters and the comfort of
guests in every particular guaranteed.
Hacks run in connection with this
this house.
TERMS. ODERAZtE.
Files of daily papers .ill be found in
the office.
I
r Stoe., i tinare and Hes. FIgllshing
GOODS,
Washington St.,........Natchitatkee, La
Sole agent for the Unrivalled
BUC's$ BRILLIANT
Oý o7e Stoves.
Gutters, Pipes, Metalic roofin g and al
kinds repa'rinug,done with dispatch.
A iberal I ,s .nt to aoamtry trade.
March 25-.1
LUMBERI
LUMBER.
Wm. I TRAJMMELL'
TEAM AW;IWFie Mils; Souab of
Natdhiooh . -
Is pteparedto foranish at ahort notice
'ielow cash puise.
Feb. Ira4,,'ýRýMMEL L.
jQSPf c.. EYsEJo ,
Lc]mker crs4 Iayer:
Lto hi krk
other w~rlt i ,'
I 1et ae ba
Otdes IilefArt rI & CAMP
3an ainde.
lay
i 1 ºs nD TEE PPLILL
SPILLS
TL'T'i V d s of PILSice,i
TUTT' PLLS
TUTS RESPECTFULLY offered hYILLL8
iTe aT ftt4eat Cdoea e of Georglia. PitLS (',
IT T ' . TS rirty e .t.ri' ep. *eu-e i *. PILLS
TT ra'tlce of mt'diclile. tojetC.er w.lt T1
TT1T'l"sifteIP' yearT- test of TiLt'S Pll5. PMLS
TU'T'S anti tl~e tlloulntdi of testloniOls PILLS
TUTPT'S gitve of their ,flLINtY. warraht me PILLS
TU'TT' +" n'VlRn that IleV will 1O ltUve PILLS 1
, It',' c t'.l re all di,.a-es thiat result from. L .
TUTh'S r ll t he t
T UTTS'rf huILLt S Isntu conleued totis PILI
T I'TT'S iuntr'y, ' ut J eten0 s t"al anrts. PILLS
TU'rPTrS, its, Billiou Colic, l. thenuulttlis. PILU
TUTT', Ittpitationi tf the Heart l. KIdtisy, ILLP
TUTT'S AtifertIons. emaleComplsattsi ,&., PILLS
. all f hlich result from a deranpe- pILLS
,Tt'T.,:,ut of the I.leer, no *edicine* PILL
TUTTS I VAEGETABLE LIVEPILLS.
TUTT'. dLL. Iun ..,. PILLS...
TuTS ... .....n.........."...... p , PILLS
T UTT .4 r s 'm ut.Sf: t PILLS 11
TUTT'S ..o T......,. ................ PILLS Et
TUTT'S ................................. PILLS \t
TUTT'S 'TUTT'P PILSR PILLS ,
TUTT1 IREQUIRE Ni CUANGE OF PILLS
TUTT'.S DIET. PILLS
TTT' ........................... ILLS 1
TUT'rF3 ............::........ ""
TI'TT'S TUTT'8 P.LL PILLS A
TUTT'S .RE PURELY VEGEI'ABLE-. PILLS Li
TUTT'S ......................... PILLS 1
TUTT'S ....... .: .................... PILLS
Tt'TT'S Trl"1si Pll S PILLS
TUTT'$ NEVERi GiHI'E OR NAUSE- PILLS Sl
TUFTT'S ATE. PLS 'ILLiS
TUTT'S ..................................... . ......... PILLS
TUTT'S ..... ............... .... PILLS N
I'ITT'S 'TfE DECAND FOITUTT'S PILLS L
TU'I'T'S PILLS is, nlt cofiutd to thile PILLS
TUTT'S in.try. nl t xtenils to all pearts PILrLS
ThPT'S iof thae wold. PILLS e
TUTT'.S .............................................:.. PILLS L
TUTT'S ......................................... : PILLS. A
TUTT'U S ACLEAIAI IAD,cilastic liimb, I PILLS
TUTT'r. !toti digestion, r ,etuld sleep,n PILLS
TUTT'S ibunoynt pirits, flno appetite,; PILLS
TU'iPT'. are h ome of the results of tile PILLS T
TUTT'S auseuf TUTT'S PILLS PILLS
TI'TT' .........................PI
TUTT'S ....LL
TUTT'S AS A FAMILY MENDICINI PILLS V
TITT'S TirTT'S PILLS ARE rIItHnter PILLS
TroT'S BEST-PEIRFECTLY II p1 }l}
TUTT'S LE PILLS
TIUTT'S ........................... PIL
tUTT'8.............................. PILLS
TUIlTT'S S PI Id t InYIEIIEer PILLS
TUTT'S PRICE, TWENTY-FIVE CTS. PILLS
TITT'S i.,............. ....... . ..... PILLS I
I'TT'S ':" ........ ..... ...................... PILLS
TU'T'S PINhCi.AtKl lPI E PILLS
TUf'T'S 1S UIItIIiAT nTREsT, PI ISl
TUTT'S , UEW TYOt H . PILLS
TUTT'S PILLS
DR. TUTT S
EXPECTORANT.
This unrivaled preparation has per
formed some of the most astonishirni
cures that are recorded iti the annals of
history. Patients suffering for years from
the various diseases of the Lungs, after
trying different remedies, spending thou
sands of dollars in traveling and doctor
3 ing, have, by the use of a few bottles,
entirely recovered their health.
S"WON'T 0o TO FLORIDA,"
New York. August g. 187.
D R. TUTT
Dear Bir:-When In Aiken, last winter, I used yta
Nxpeotorant for my cough, and realised more benefit
Sfrom it thn anythling I ever took. am so well that
I will not go to Florida next wintr as I latended.
Send me one dsen botles. bP ri e 0 .
1 West Thirty-trt Stree.
Bsoton. anuary ii, Mi.
T'Phis oetIs that I have recommended the tUdd
Dr. Tutt's Expeotorant for dieeset of the luigd
for the past two years, and to my knowledge many
bottles have been used by my patients with the hap
piet results. In two oases where Ittwas thought oon
firmed consamptlon had tLaken plaed the Expectorant
). effeoted a cure. Li . PRlGUN.IL.D.
"We can not speak too highlfy of Dr. Tutt'S ox"
pootorant, aid for the ik bl if eluring humility
ht hope It may tieotoie nlo6e geneally known."-C53
TIln ADvocATg.
Sold by l)ruglists. Price 81.00
Oscar Choplin;
COTTON FACTOR
COMMISSION MERCHANT,
No d5 CARONDELEI ST.,
July I -Iv New Orleans.
L. WALMSLnY. P. M, WALMSLEY
C. L. WALMSLEY & CO,
COTTON PACTORS
-AND
EBNERAL COMMISSION MECHllANTS.
Perdido St., New Orleans; La.
March l5-1y.
A 8M
in every town in
the Sonth for the
. SE WINS
Machme:
'The eidet letaree lightevit ryniting,
meet durable ai popular MItchine madte.
Received tie higest award at the Cen
tennial.
Special Inducements Offered.
Address
WEED SEWING MACHINE CO.,
No. 182 .tani Street, lNe Orleand
Feb. 17. ly
NA. TA emsee,:
SSpTe dilut cindiate Offi e
OTA P YENIS SRT,.
II ¼ Aas duai r~ ~lrMc iu e.'
[For the Vindicator.
I've Lived and Love.
BY W. C. J.
I've lived aond loved bnt now no' nlore,
t('n life ,a love th ir joys itlipart
Timloe hright alldtl halyon dievd h'e 'o'er,
And letft a lighted, withered heatt.
terA's no mon now. with ume to Alare,
1 i.i at o  .' t IclitiUg day,
l 'ir 11N) ( iti i t, 1 to ' e 'p tr ca'ei
iir'1 )ie . it niy I ljhI* r rest,
lttileuts that loved 111t' once are ill ,
I a It to know, thlint all fe itrajtilt,
Ait I, ilitl weary ritep itist treald,
The dreary pLath of life-alotne
iT9 edi, eshotr iled , it't ahflst vil,"
Earth never gives my prit rest,
Nor wouWi I live, life's dream again,
Tho' with life's brihtigtest plcsnIes blest.
At leost. 'tis but a fevered dream,
And liken cal errent, sr iftly lhows,
Light a.s a shade, upon the streati,
Frail as the blush upon the rose.
Short, short indee J, it's longest stay,
Tis but the breathiuigs of an hour
We bloonI awhile, anid pass itway.
Like fulling leaf, or fading tiower.
What matters then-or storm br calm,
Life's but a roll of ocean's lWave,
A smile, a tear, a mnbuients timte,
Between the cradle, andl the grave:
Then let the last s1 moment come,
And hush life's sorrows all to rest,
Beyond it waits a happier hotue,
WIh rt, they are #ow--who love i me best
The rights of the States and the thet
Limitation ofthe Federal Power. any
[Double Leaded Lditorial in National ie
pulbllcan March 31.]
It is most extraordinary that after
one hnndred years of exisience there THE
Aitoilld be any well Informed person EUN
in the bLountry having so little ac- coat
quaintance with the principles upon MEN
which the Union rests as to uappose
that the recognition of the Federal GEN
Government, or of any of its branch
es, is essential to the validity of the
governments of the States, when the T
/ hole history of the relhtions sub give
isting between the two jurisdictimon
has been to establish the reverse rule,
leaving the States as free and iude- give
pendent, in respect of nil matters re- her'
served to thiem, its if they had re- lea
mained AhpnrntP sovelingties. So that
they do not atteliept to set up other
than repubplican forms of goverhment, pea
and effifiehtly maintain dtomestic or- ide
der, there is no more authority for not
the interference of the fe4erat power I
tsr talermtw any ues imouu rwttit tn
title to orrice, as between contesting V
parties, thati there would he to in- ern
terpose between the aspirants to the oat
presidency of Mexico, nor as Mnlth, in
fact, for in that case if action was ter
taken it would be for cause, and jn Vis
pursuance of international law; iin thu
the interest of the liePac of the wtrld ; ti
while here, na i:et, there is ieithcr h lir
.occasion nor authority for the act It
is not disputed that in cake Of vio- an
lence beyond the power of the local W
anuthorities to ujnell, anti the execu- thn
tive of ihe State did hot see fit to
call upon the kenertl giiternment,
the eiigenty might arise in which it inh
would be jnstified in invading its ter Bi
ritory, to arrest blooddhed ; but even leI
in such a ease Oinly whibn it became
apparent that the nmiilitia of the State
was inadequate to the task of subdu- hit
ing thB intrlet;tIon: ty
This hak bieili die invariable prac- ni
tice, and there is iiothing in the pres- bi
ent condition of the disputed States
I, to warrant a departure from it. There at
is, to be sure, senme reason to believe pi
that in Cise tliub federal troops were la
retired tti tlii barracks in Louisiana,
t collisiol ipight ensue between the
elep!reseititvea of the factions, or
rather, between the people proper on a
the one.liabdand faction on the other, rI
but that fact affords no justification n
for tl ~ir presence. The troops being
withli'awa, if a disturbance should g
tcctlr of sufficient gravity to cause tl
alartii, the State authority manifest- f
ing inability to cope with it, their un- 14
invited return to the scene, under the
circumstances, would be universally f
commended, and then it would be C
conceded that they should remain j
until a final adjust1hent of the dift
cnlties had removed all probabllith
of a renewal of force. And this *odild C
present an occasion for the neCeisary t
recognition of the State exaidtive,
for it will not be contended that the I
government of the United gtates has
any right to enter a State aa8s8 iutral,
to keep the peace as betweeti factions.
It goes there properly; if at all, in I
obedience to the call of thl" gqvernor
exercising the functions of liid office
with the assent and stidport of the
people, and to assist him ti putting
down any and all opposition to his
' authority, and may riot recognize andt
nundertake to support a dtjirei right
the to set up a conflicthig governmient i
for this would be to vpolate all prin.
ciple of governtent  nfo tb e;cidurage,
aid and abet sedition rather than to
emonquer it. wleie would be the
Speace of tile nolioa; it, upon e thelrim
of somne pesrti to d~jfrp rights' to
thie overnotrhipi o one of thlie North;
erm 8tates, and n'ti6i the ilppllction
of such petsbi the federal poDer
e. were to be exnid to enforce It; gs
ci- agninst the operative government of
Sa defaclo execitive, Snplorted and
mai ntained by thie iaterial classes
It would not lasit longer than requir
ed for the tdlgraph to convey the in
telligence of the usurpatioP-for that
n is what it walild ~c--'the itsurpation
of the atoitr9y 6t thb State, for thb
beuetit of an indiidaal br ageincy re
pdiattedh- thb6 pB(d4; for reasons
VIIE~ I ,tb'd iustiiit Iheim
-I~~~Hb~ ~ 6dtd4 ho~;~~jp~~~~B
o11Ir annd not a governor. It oighti, halt a
notte require showingt, troi illy i e- filed.
serve of factsa o d~ou,nstraition ly
any. s tiety of rejutiing, thalt the every
ph~tipo~ithba fiePrpoi lo4, 1n1 d nul Pena i
snrd, itd tliat it i' hnpossibl', thait on Ih
the giovernment sh0 lo .aty sch thing
thing,, Alid if l tlid .,, 5iQ then the i
iontrary is true aid ajlpItreit; and ic
there is 11 occasion for arg, tinnt o oftice
'per~kdtil ta cnkihilee tih p'uble at nual
'eas, tha, enigovernis t h |tllyit otlice, sinner
ain extith.ikr wjithott power; br an office
agelt. w,, tJiotp autlhor'ity is a mere
pretetider, w whate'dr "milght re the
1a e if pi,ý'>iitil : rlgilts, and not the idea i
plidle wi, iaerrti t.lie cnulted. lie we
It is to r b e ,,reteembered that it is h
not atlliC L~i ...or' .l1grit of ,:.id lbt11
for, while they are heb hI honrabile prom
mnen, their respeCtit'e fortunes lform to ei
no Ipart osf the prohlemni to be solvied. tht
The only question is ,hielih of the
persons naned in the co(nnection is ho
clothed 'With the aniithlrity of the pie,.- strc
ple to udminiuister their ltaws not nt
which ,ft thelt was in etjIIl.comu tiose
missionied,ifor that is i tl eSItII 11on for t
the c.urts, and When Iu , adj1idilcated t t
thete is beyvonid the deteinmination of greal
any other power. Goivernmentst deal delersl
onlty with .goveirnt'lliieti lsaking n" teti)
inqngiry cpee ning >heir + tgin or ,
plohnlhllle. ui'ltioln. E 'itenll t ',lnd
eflieiiney en title them Ito relc.ognitio, unleol
itnd invest tarl t wit kall tihe. powers 311
incident t, tfle, relation. And ht d
0ha.t Will .ie do4)e ii the 1ay of i -
vestig'lion andl a.ss,11 i' niC; this is thi e i1h
complelin to W. hich hings Wil claice of tl
at hlast. *There is hii w1airtililt in pire- cal
cedent for any other shlation, al td
there is 4 hoie fti" th.le ionutry in Pl
any other courset.
that
Our Washington Letter. i
THE ('LAIt.ANT CHAIMBIERLAIN-GOn- "at
EIiNOR IIAMPTON TilE LOUISIANA Kel
CO3MMISSION-ONE OF TIE GORERN
SM)ENT OFPICES, ANI 1IOW IT I8 RUN
GENERAL NEWS, ETC., ETC.
e Washingteu,D. C. Marchdi 31, 1877.
e This contrast between the re.elxtion
given to Wade Hampton on his first 1110
Sappearance here, yesterday, and that 1
Sgiven to the e"tother Governor" Chant 1
b-erlain, was most striking. Repub- ant
licans and D)emocrats alike have at
i .ciloaded Governor Haumplton, his ap
t, pearance everywhere creating a de
r- Bided sensation, while C'ha mberlain is Ni
Snot only not a lion, but attracts halnd- i
favor at the White House, those num- pa
erous repobliclias who crook the preg
e nant hinges of the knee halive kept
Sseverely away from him. He has o
n visited various offlicials, but lie knows
n that their civility mieans business, and
; that their one desire is to have him il
t disappear in the claiiartetr of claim- re
o- ant and raappear in almost any other. m
al We are compelled to be tender to
Sthe gout but not because we love it.
to The Commission to Louisiana be.
int g Lawredce, Hawley, of Conn.,
r Brown, Mcuigll, HaIrltiid, di Ky.,
Sleaves on Monday for New Orleans. B
te If this was a body of men 'chosen to at
heal a breach in the Republican par- r
ty, it would be a good enough Com
c mission, though iittliiidt much ured ;
but as its duty is to discover the right b
as between Conservatfves and Re
ve publicans, the pepouderance of the
ore la'tter seems hardly what :would be
' expected froed a President who pro
otressces to be in doubt and wishes to t
on act ittllidttitlly. 'However, seednd ,
er, rate men were to be expected, and a
el non-partisan Commission was too a
n good to be hoped for, and we can
us thinlt heaven it is no ,vorse. The
et- Iodiisiana Congressienal delegatiln
left for home last night. They lihave
tly remained so long, in the hilipe of se- I
be turing speedy action by the President. t
l1he Pensien office wa atakened I
from its seven years slumlbe' the dth
er day lby receipt of il .6iim beating
a this emphltic endorsementt:
e "I desire that this claim t+cefve
the profitp'l attentinlll, i- IB. lIayeA.
Now the traditional clap of (hun
n der in a cleatr ~iy is not so wonder
I, in ful as a suggestion of promptlnesi in
rnor the Penslin office. The raters in
ice that office, big and little, puIg their
th n heads together and inittid wlht
i manner of President it was who thus
and intrferes with their ancient rest. But
igt finally, seeing that they wbre expect
in ed to settle that case in rdesonable
age, time, section 19 of the office being
0 to the clerks from clerk 1091 to clerk No.
tih 2001 were aroused and detailed to
lato wrestle with it. They are nfl* work
)tttlo ing night and day on it; 'the Com
tion missioner lays if a settlement is not
># er weached by the time Congress meets
in December, he will lobby fhrough
anda bill giving him more cl~iks ; but
15P that c'izin nitanlt- shall- be settled.
In ir Fearing that the President nsay be
n deceived a" to thte ifierit of the claim.
iihowrief ths folijy eitrd detectives
the voted tihe Cmifiiisshdi 14 tongtess
Y re at whiter have been set to hunting
p isvidence, against t. The Pres
his, idt jdging by,. his ,eddlirsement,
iltin l believes tIere uiiay bI4-ntnecessary
pres. delays a) the, Ppdieoi eosee. 11e may
e5og, jivy heard--i ia is true--that every
" aclaim fired idl thlit btffie remains 6here
*1ho without final a.tion, frqmn eighteen to
sti' Iinedasf.W monitirm att Ikatk Sik
half as many are disposed of as ar' ])epa
filed. To the inuinrv and disgnst of Ali
every erippled soldier In the land, thlui
'Peni t office has long hein maned ilgt
ll ie, theory thaIt the irav to do t i
thing is not to do it. 'lhe- ofice is til gonle
imlprovement ohil any ciretlinlnetiln (Qee
office ulnder the sun.l In his last an it
nlUal] iebp*; thle' infgeriiis Commis ll tr-i,
sinner sees but one way In which his
office can aait'i iltself fl-om ein g
"ewamlnled" by too mcnlh workli His Time
!idea issollethinl like lieruods of old, halft
lie would get rid of the claimanti. Go
There has been no a ithorized an
abnoHi*tlen nt .itw harri t illt i t l#:.iý6'
prIomnised yesterday to do in relation stael
to uldtlh Carnlino, but it is certain MStat
tha;it Gov. HaIl-pton expects to go Pe
Ilhole to-morrow ilbi4l to finul no oh- of ti
istrltlilol firom troops when lie corn- The
Imeices legal proctedings against Al e
those who have usunrled autholrity in
that Stºite. Ile to day expresses Mi
great satisfaction with what hlie ii
deistands to lie the President's in 11011
tentions.. depi
The . tEional Republican of this flits
miio, gluhl g pblishes a long neco llt of (
ait iiut er'. ie. with Kellogg concerning
aflaiils in Liouiisilani. The ex Gover- l
nor b1\ile asserltiing the stiict legality
ofl the meanlis by which Packard be- Lyri
caIve "Gove nor," ail holding the tre I
State to have as certainily g,!e for M
Packard as for Hayes, still btllieves ovel
that an airrlanlgellentll t he malde by tilitt
which Packard will not insist upon cas
holding the Gubenatorial office. Tie both
'"arrangellent" no doubt, includes chit
k Kellogg's recognition at Senator.
Dl:.  '
- -'- *-- - -- stal
G~neral Nevws and Notes. out
STATE. is If
1 Mass meeting ill New Orl ihn t ais
Slionister gathering, 40,001) people
t lpresent. Speeches were made by
Ellis, Beniss1 Pinc(lbatk; Allain, ten
St
and others, strongly denouncing
Compromise.
Commission called ori Goveirnor 11
is Nicholls the day after lts arrival
ii- ill New Orleans and also had in
S-ci--cw-'t lii th -intttttlA-' fl.l
Packard. Intierflewers with the so
' ConuniisSitin have lno doubt as to tio
pt who is to be sustained; there is
riot a single chance for Packard..
ud Mass meetings are being held
hm in every parish ht the State; and be
- resolutionus deilouncing a Ciinipro
er. mise, and pledging snppoirt to all
to Governor Nicholls, irir being
it. adopted with an ildiitiiity hith- th
)e. erto unknown. on
y, Tom Anderson, the Returning sa
pe. Board scaiiiji, iaid; "I know I tll
to am defeated, and even if I was dl
ar- returned by this Board, I would
n- Iot acgept it. I Was fai13y de: to
Sfteiat.!' :tie Board did not count
t him in, but still when, he asked
for lTseat, Packard's concern gave tr
it'to him. Tom is a nice man.
"o. The Mansfield Reporter tells us a
to that Judge D)avid I'ierson is goiing
ind on with the Court ill Deoto par
id a ish. The status quo is certainly n
too bp8sted." .
can Packard intends to fill back on
t the'counritry Imrishes, and iet up a
v guerilla warfare. He is niost red- .
is. liectfully invited to 'uake Natehi
ent. toches the scene of his ticdoiis It
ned lies itunediately : betweed Cilfaix
uth- and i0itshlathi.
ting 1 ELSEWHvEII1l
elve The U. S:. Treasury is in excel
lent eolndition. ReCiipts for the
hun- current fiscal ye wl hil e $26,IM),-i
der- 000 in excesd df' expitntfiture9.
i in Troops wire withdrawii from
i in the State Hotlie, C(liltiuiba, 8. C.,
i on Tuesddiy last, at nooi.
thus 'Ih R epubliecans elected their
But Maydt 'il Cincitlnattl by a good
pect- majority:
able Oakey Hall, ex4iayor b; ew
eing York, and missing foi sodnie days,
has tiruied ip in London. Fled,
ork- It is sipposed, to escape complici
om ty ini the Tweed ring triald.
not Storms at sea ha-i 'bfi ii fear
eets ful this Seiseod. A latre ninher
ough of vessel aind uiauy' lives have
bht been lost,
ltle ef. tHyacinitlie is blooming in
laim ris.
tives There are now 175,(iffI0 .i.g-ails
gress in California.
tiing John C. Breckenutidge is to have
Pes amonnment.
' HayeHs' siis will be maiuly tho~e
may of coinhuission.
every ' The Duchess, of Edinburgh will
th r ammer in Denmark.
D)epartment is the latest.
Alexis will be lioiiciled by Wash- :,
ington gi'ls nli.t week.
King Oscar, of Swedpe, hai.
done to Heidelberg to visit hi:
Qiieei.
it is- .efiltnt(ci that Tilton will
leartr 30,000 in his lecture season,.
14eclier lectures on i,"Hard
Times" Alid charges a dollat and :k
hall
Goti.iror D)ret;.df Florida, says
petit larceny it the principal ob.:
steele toi UJn!niless success in that.
State.
Peter B. Sweeny was the frientf
of the late Emperor Napoleon.
The Prince Imperial is coiling to
America.
dMrs. Abby Sage Ricliardson hni?
become a revivalist. Hecr matri"
monial expericic. s gqalifty her tti
depict the horrors of the.sinners'
fltturelife.
Captril Sinee 31. Capotil, thc,
light French tenor, well known to
New Yorkers, departed from the1
Lyrique, the receipts at that thea
tre have iaillen fifty Ifer cent.
Mr. James Parton is rejoicing
over his first baby. The' peculiar :
nlitrintldiotl dtiniplicttldis of the
case enititle Mr. Parton to treat it
1 both as his child aiid his grand
child.
Parson Newman can't under
stand how he was dropped with;
out even a Cnbiliet meeting. lIe
is not in the least surprised to hear
that the Washiington monument
is sinking.
The luchlless of Miirlborough in
tends to make it condition of the
St. Patrick's balls, in Dublin Cas
tie, that wpmeii slhall wear Irish
poplins. This is done to revive
Strade in that fabric.
Mark Twain's Hotel.
ar tating ldtely opened a hashery.,
Sse/ndl you these, my rules and regula
to lions:
This hoose will.be considered strict
ly intemperate.
None but the brake deserve ith
d fare.
Persons owing bills tiit board, wilf
il be bored for bills.
-. Boalde'rs who do not wish to pay
in idvancc are requested to advance
and pay.
ig Boarders rie efpec6ed -t wait on1
bh- the colored cook -for meals.
Sheets will be nightly changed,
once in six montlis, or more it uectds
ag arders are reqnetediltod P i'i
I their boots if they ca ..eunvenieitly
as do so. ..
Beds 0tit1l br witlhoit tifit,.
S All nin lyi iiil othler iluablBSare
ie to bdehft in care of tie proprietorI
mt This i ihsisted npon, an Ie .will be
held lespiilfille fr no othe r losses.,
eld Inside matter wvil nlit ble firnidieit
te to editors, undler a.II .noillerintin.
Itelritives., em.;ii,, itl iakik .·. sif
months' visit will bi tr.elcoumed, b~t
us lien thler briun hailf of thieij house
hold firnituore, eviLitid wii a&sil ta i e
a forl/at~iial. " . . " 3
ar* Single tien with tieir fdmilids wilt
uly not be.boaided. ,, :
, ireanis will be hliged for by. tlid
on NlghtmareA lirrbl oht dt rderan
able rates. " . 1. • ..li.d t
in Stude vaults will Uia Pdhilied ti
siu i oridotig oHii ers, and, ie propliotoer
hi will in,nu wisj re oeileoi o ftie.
brolken thi panius ts i other yedti.
Ifax y ikT iAr I" Ii'mP ,'+i ISNSltl8 n
the riDphecy-- a WIestirn ! luiln, ot IL
rgee ihtilel  plaitforl'ilil 9w. hg ililegiain!rc -
:el- Ito i Ialrt will li be itlected l'ri'2deflnt
the of tihepeopZer, n, i 18 Il, he will 1e
hI' law, :'nd with bocoming dignit.y:
,. inaugnriateld President, uti to protqet'
rings, but, to.,smnnh them. Greein
back men ! . Organize! Let ,s go'
oi to mwomk; clear away the ruills anlll
C, erect a Temple of. Liberty, and ae
cure an adhninistratirli that will pro
tect labor equalt l with capital. And,
heir this adiniinstrntiol mill be seeureit
Sby labor alonle. ACpital mnay receive
an equi share of its protection, but
it will cohtribote nothing to its tri
e unipli.
ays, The. imperishable affection of d
led, child for its mother is etuoalled in no
otilher phase of animal nature. A
blic ight Nevada boy of. sixteen s1mu
nmers lw tle -extractEd teeth of li1+
umatcernal anicestor, mlmaul fatictIrr. Jl
ear- ciblige pegs, luind in,, wlenui lichilul
bher a five iand ten, It d.ihIbly remidfl himn
have of his dtee·aRtIr mother's mlrternal
smile mid riitigs tears to his yoatlh4
ful eyes.
,.8- --.. e -
g in When youn see a young fellow itand,:.
ingi Ol a corner with a far-dw iy looiT
tals in his eyes and bit of yarn n ichcl
of the last twh flUAgers bf I haInld.
yo, may he toleCliatl srire tdiat he.
have ins just begnii fielping ,hone, and
tlhat be is i~iitteting. !o hiiilblif;
"Chnopping h.wl, eggs, clthes-liie-
hose that!s thluthmb nand first two finogers.
Now whlat did blhe ,tant'6t the otlhei'
twdo fingrs"
Good headquarters for youuai men
--On the seolders of their eme~:
offie Ibearts(