JAL. I1. COSRBOVE, . " • Editor.
NATCHITOCHES "
.iATURI)AY - - - July 1, 1e76.
Advertising Uates.
, qnarA.... $ 4 in $6 53 I0 '0 415 01)0 -1 (0
I iqUa . 7- 70 1000 I 04W % 00 25 00
3 squre".-. 1000 13 00 18 00 25 00 3000
Ssqnuare$... 14 0 180 :22 00 15 00 500
5 square... 17I100 20 0 fl 00 35 00 40 1o
II squarL... 200glo 4 00 2 00 40 00 45 00
a7 11tree... 2i910 27 o) 36 00 50 00 70 0
I gnasrL.. - 201) 30 00 40 0015 00 00 00
10 j lanroa... 00 3) 00 5000 57 00105 00
15 aNqrng... 45'.1 4) 00 70 00 100 ol 125 00
0 Aqttarea... ) 40 o000 9 00 0125 00.150 o00
Transient a kertisemrntn $1.50 per .guare of
lu lines Jrovier. first insertion. Each ebise
qnent inhertiPln 75 cE.aut per qunare.
All cianges in advertisements to be
charged as if neow.
Transient advertisements must be paid
for in advance.
All bills with regular advertisers ren
dered lnarteorly.
One inch of solid brevier constitutes a
squanre.
Marriage and obituary notices beyond
the Ample annonicement, resolutions or
cards of thanks, charged as advertise
ments.
bRates of Subscription.
lusCFopy one year.....................
One Copy six months................ I O0
(Payable in advance.)
-l PAP3E 0 WO 1L w
Wm. amUdras cmas sn be Oad
W. W. SHAILP & Co.,
PUBLISHERS' AGENTS,
No. 25 Park Rowe, New York,
Are authorized to contract for ad
vertising in our paper.
Democratic Ticket.
FOR PRESIDENT,
OF NEW YORK.
FOR VICE.PRESIDENT,
. ,OF. aINDIANA. ,
O 1NDIANA.
The court adjourned on Tuesdeay wel
Tast. We' publish elsewhere its labors. depi
- e~-~---- nj
We call attention to the card in an- pros
other' column of Mr. Oscar Chapin, ur
Commission Merchant, New Orleans. V
Mr. Chopin is a,yonng man and a we
native of this parish, a gentleman of witl
sisteTaies pbiity and should receive teel
rtarLg share of the busneiness of oar c
pa---la.
'The -Telereph Onachita parish,
says, that. if there be a single anti
radlal in the parish who is not heart- wit
ily an sictively a worker in the Dem- rem
oeratie.Pservative ranks they have et
yet toin  Lir his umb. T'he 'leegraphyel
alste pariehesaromnd to do likewise. fai
We respond heartily and can show a to
clean bill on that score ourselvres. D
The Chicago Taes accnses Mr. Til
denof being the author of the peace wI
resolution of the Democrats of 1864. ha
Mr.., lrahiemer says emphatically to
that Uilden was not_; Mr. -Valandig- of
h . ditd- .t and. Tilden spoke and an
oted againt, the adoption. That be
eit ie stry. Tilden was never a cne
S dsloyal ms was" never a thief, hence ti
the oppotton of all -radieals to hint. to
S he lgrammar buatherT' of the hand- tli
organIs respectfully informed that Mr w
Sunimmonsbas been properly installed sF
acco.rding to law and that the conrts ci
S tht ijr7y a irnm ender and dodge li
' itue rd lilt n tters, who deAided the
came, 6ideh thathis City Coun- ii
c elti tg ' to tair oIeMs under Ii
a I l ip ; ~nd we all, know full g
bptter than the ase who tl
S:.rtia les for the rnd
"i. tat ,the Republicans are a
SIto it by reason ofelection;
ithat il and i isCounneR tepre
sent no one sve a. badfalil of red
leal g*hl i er ;,that he was,, over. a
whelmiugly defaste. at the polls; and
iht'istg t hthe (this littill ee olfce i
S m c kip"~lr what the people. care
S bul t osbetyig ip is another thing. ,
ItfLa Charles HeraldEt (Radicatll
wants to hane why so mauchste fe i1
mand ahiei the'reforni of Sal. J. i
TlenGoi.reor of New Yo..rk, and
- htfi i:edrefg the State debt milliona I
aihtw tasr.. one,Ifwhite nothing 1
S paid in hopor (I) of Governor Kei
. ) -i gt State debt and
" ~! v ..or Tilden:, honestly
SSew York with eash
J- by red"ilng themr
r . lo s paid the
,Ssilt. , # tic .thde aresai
wb 9s $r* Neialggbg sArelit
ete:' . 'shl mo#alt of reform
pite oteotr is simply
it i edo. be-:
UIAml
7.L·e f .
-7- '44-:
Something for Colored Men. Did i
ored m
We are of that class of men who not as I
think tliht advising people of error, YES I(
after every day practical experience an of
of its evil efforts, is an unthanknul LARS,
task, and would have none of It in out of i
ours did we not think that society Judge a
demanded of us the duty. We have crimes
'talked" some very solid wisdom to Tell t
our colored friends, and we are proud are dal
to say that the VINDICATOR hlas many their 1
of them, within the past two years. a single
We have assisted in exposing the ras- becat
cality of nearly every Radical lead- the Blu
rer in our midst; we have shown to such a
them the degraded private character Court
(and a man with a bad private char- hmappin
acter will be a worse public servant) thlig,
of all those whom they have by their of thle
votes foisted npon the taxpayers of roespon
the parish of Natchitoches--of their you
robbery of the people in eight per redeett
cent taxes--of the plundering of the appron
school treasury by a Myers, with the like m
consent and assistance of a Blunt the are ht
negro apostle; the monies wrung from who hi
the poverty-stricken farmer and plan- them,
ter, to educate his children and the fnd 6
colored man's. And we are very much We
pleased to say, that our words and pble,
the fruits of our labors have convinc- People
' ed many, very many, of the virtue of such;
our intentions. exert
There are in our parish a great front
many sound, sttrliug Democratic ne- and 1
groes; they have become so for the knowi
reason that it is the only patty of slated
honesty and respectability in the n rel
State; the only party that aford8E cal ru
guarantee to- the colored man of all enjoy
. his rights under the law, and tile only consu
party that can elevate him in tile pao tile 11
I, litical scale, educate his children to WVi
become useful law-abiding and patri- ifoeh
.- otic citizens. These Democratic col
ored men have never regretted for Tu
  one moment their action in linking gratn
1 fate with us; they have, on the con- deem
trary, been more than proud of their e e
conduct, they can look say mal itl
the face and say, "I am an honest hare
man and a Democrat; I am a citizen the
in the true sense of the word; I sup- Pres
port none for office but those who are Nove
interested in the country, and I know
that those wihe were born nod raised majc
with me are the only people who are ple:
interested, are my friends in want and sent
trouble, and I intend to stand by them mis
to the last." betr
There are hundreds of this class
all over our parish, who know full era I
y well that no Democrat ever dreams of to v
ra. depriving them of their rights as now notl
,enjoyed; on the contrary, it is their T
In- promise and determination to give thela TI
in, more rights.
ns. We intend they shall be educated; peo
d a we intend they shall be justly dealt smt
of with; we intend to pass laws to pro- , m,
ive teet their labor, and we intend to exe- the
or eut those laws, and thuey know full
-:well that nd.' radical Court, lino rmdl- "
cal Jury has ever done so I the
S Every right thiuking, honest color- vot
tt- ed man is with us, intends to stay
art- withl us, and we desire to address our of
em- remarks this week through those hon
e est Democratic negroes to tlhose who
r yet "walk in darkness;" who have no eat
faith in the redeemer that has come
1W to save them from destruction, Tnae
DEMOcRAcr OF THE PEOPLE! l
T- We want those Democratic negroes rem
eae who read tie VINDICATOR, and we tie
8f54. fave scores on our subscription books, "t
ally to take this copy to tihe lowly cabin ye
Jig- of the sinning Radical colored man, m
and and tell him to awake from tie plum ph
That Iher of death; tell him that the Dem-. ca
ref oeratie "amorn has risen at high noon ;" th
nce that the wrnTE I'orLt, clothed in
hiah robes of peace and plenty, are ready
to answer his cani, to take him from P
tand the ditch of poverty and degradation, q
it Mr where Radiceallsm ha s cast him, to r
aled set him on his feet and make him a
orts citizen worthy tile name of prood,
lodge liberty-loving America. t
d tle Ask him, our colored friends, if he b
houn- has gained one eoltutary particle of '
under liberty--one single dollar of worldly a
full goods, one Ihour'sluappneaem by toting t
iwho the Radical ticket ' ,
ed- IhAs THE RADICAL PARTY EDUCA'TED
5 are HIs CIIILDRRN
iton; Has thie Radical party protected his t
sprp- roperty 7
red- When he was sick and in want has I
oer- a Radical ever helpedl him I
aIsnd Was it not the while I~emnelatt who I
o fire gave hIim food, wrho attted him to ill- I
,are- eas, A t3hm Iq cormet wkePht i
ig. wast of hbisad or cloithng I '
- Ald the. ask Ahim if he thLiks tOhatI
idallt apraere will submit to have him blind
tse is ly stfe for a lot of thieaes, to plvndev
Iol. J. hi. nrd them ?
i, and Ask this poo lost egre if he has
rio1. not sent BIluotn, Rab ad Blackstone
othing to the Leislatar i 3 ask liim to tell
ri Kl- what they have dom for him and his.
, and For eight long years he has voted fori
meatly md ipgpprCted this elass of amen, and
h eash wq drefy hh, and' them, tos.mW one
tahem, tigle particle of legislation suggest
id the orlm voted obre y t'em, eicept it was
fir 40 ia thU fatr t6of the gang of thieves
easeo wIvit ave plndered us all. And
ersdit these aen have .promised him all
reform alongl that they weue ghing to do
simply athu and the for his be nehtd w ieh
si *tilqt WPfintend totbd ? f
: Did not st eamletsMee a. &vsteal
w -syeve thla.ud, dlia.t IrPm;
oot. treasury thati aholea have
o ,heamtMr the children of
Did not Breda, elected by the col
ored man's votes to interpret laws,
not as laws, but for the party, rob
YES ROB! a hard working colored
man of THREE HUNDRED DOL
LARS, under the plea of bonding him
out of jail, and does not this Parish Watt
Judge stand indicted to-day for that
crimet
Tell these colored dupes that they
are daily plundered of their stock,
their hogs and cattle, and have not St.
a single chance to convict the thieves ventit
-because the juries are packed by by Au
the Blunts, the Rabys, the Lewis' and of Lo
such as crorwd the corridors or our Chair
Court room. 'He has no peace, no recess
happiness, he is insecure in every The
thing, and the Radical party, a party down
of thieves and plunderers, are alone 'cock.
responsible for his condition.
You have an opportunity to now Cler
redeem yourselves-the election day is nan
approaching rapidly, go to the polls veni
like men and vote for men-t-en *ho toh-i
are honest, respectable and capable, I
who know your rights, who knowing tion
them, have the power and will to de- a spi
fend them.
We will put a ticket of honest, ea- upon
pable, first-class men in the field. P
People whom you all know to be
such; your true friends and outs- TIL
exert your manhood, come to the
tfront ranks of the Democratic party aIAr
and have the prond satisfactioh of
knowing and saying, that you as
' sisted the white citizens of the paritsh Th
in redeeming it from villainous lnadi
Scal rule and have as much right to
Slenjoy the fruits of such a glorios
y consumation as the proudest white in eng
' the land. of
o Will you do it colored men, of Natch- r'ep
- itoches. for
or THE QUESTION iS SETTLED.--The tio
ig grand, glorious Demnocracy have re- disc
n' deemed their pledge to the people, am
,Ar tak
the eoustltution and the party. They
st have nominated SAM'L. J. TILDEN, VI(
en the ring smasher of New York, for '
'P President, and they will elect him in 55(
ire November next by an overwhelming "li
ld majority, else virtue has fled the peo- na
re ple. The Republican ringsters pre. ed
end sent HAYES as the negative comnpro
em mise candidate, the agreement man
- between the thieves and weak reform. Al
roll era of their party, and ask the people Hi
s of to vote for him because lie has done
ow nothing either dishonest or honest
lear The Democratic reformers present
TILDEN, the avowed candidate of the In
edi people, the uncompromising ring
ealt smasher who ires a record of hard
pro- money, home rule and reform. He is
exe- the POSITIVE man and there can be s'
full ti
adi-. aheslitancy in the choice betweem
the men, by the honest American tl
lor- voter. ti
tay Vote for HAYES to continae the rule
o of villains and thieves. i
who Vote for TILDEX to inaugurate lion- 1
' no esty and virtue in our government ! t
THe The Bulletin and Imles of New Or- 1
leans each have editorials in their
;oes respective iwsies of 2 ulnt., in rela
4 we tion to Packard and Grant nsing 1
aks, "troops and amunition" upon as this
abin year again, and begin to talk the
man, same old nonsense about the "peo-.
lam ple keeping quiet" and hoping no
e cause will be given the President and
ion;" the Louisiana radical to use them &e.
d in We simply beg of the 2lses and
edy Bdled not to be alarmed-the dear
from people intend to keep remarkably
ton, Iquiet, as quiet as latbs, unless tihe
, to radicals attempt to run some suhl
ima a game as thie "Union Stop Society,"
roud, when some one else will keep quiels,
troops or no troops. But seriously,
i he have not the people of Ioaleiana snf
le of fered enough and that too in patience
rdly and silence to sstisfy the editors of
oting these miodel muodern independent
sheets that they are not a set of blasted
AED fool. What does the tlhes and Bed
letiir call a "prefesit" for furoishitng
edhis troopsl Do they not know that
troops will be furnished pretest or
a has no pretett If they do not, then
they hate studied the sets of Orant
t who and idis Pfarty Sauuth t tery little
nto ill- pi pose. We enui ssure the Timaes
Ite gs and Blalleti tt wh~n Packard wants
a pretest hie w'ill find one if he has to
a tha make it as Governor Ames, of Mis
bliud. lIseipp1iii, did, or attempted to do; but
lnd we very much question whether tihe
people will submit to any more car
he has ilry raids under Merrill and the ar
kstone rest of innocent men witlsn urakiog
to tell the "use ot troops" sometlhing other
td his. than a summer frofflgas i~74 was.
uted for A TS.-i
, and dis said that fr elvery disease that ef
tr OnO feets suffering humanity, nature ham
ggest. provided a remedy, and all that man
tit w has to do is to discover these reme_
dial agents and apply them to theu
hieves appropriate ailments. These ase
And mostly found in the .veptHt &tgin
ia all domu, and roots, bark,, bas, grains
ato do and other foruple snm hIarnlueus l
gre e mi .efstiye than ay
by isaa.'b.eelebras
D steal br e li, I the Seals o
, Golden Wonder, has compoundeg
Sve vegelte remedy pedaflarily adapte
r ifr a ri ange· o( d uu.iseases .. om
em sof bl dig t des the cerative prop
rpiSe e, w w_~,er e
• . ., 
3p.17'': ?I~hli
tyaT~-SI
~z g :~
Carl Si
ents hayi
on the eC
CONVEITION ASSEILES, the Indi
him.
Watterson, of Kentucky, tempo
rary President: Bristol
in the CG
A TILDEN VICTORY. Cabinet
St. Louis, June 27.-St. Louis Con- as stated
vention was called to order at 12 M. I"a degra
by Augustus SchIll. Mr. Watterson, ed in an.
of Louisville, was elected temporary power in
Chairman, when the Convention took nice coni
recess until 5 o'clock this evening.
The contest is practically narrowed (rant
down to Tilden, Ilendaicks and ian- DemoieP
0 'cock. tivea tut
-St. Louis, June 28.-John A. Mc- tion bill:
v Clernand, of Illinois, was electet per- They an
8 manent chalt'man of St. LoOts Con- tend to
ventiob. Balloting will commllence Iatters
o to-day with TILDEN in the lead.
In the Louisiana Iladical Conven- Thati
g tion at New Orleans, Pinchback, after Esq, foi
a spirited contest, was elected tem- neat, le
porary chairman. This is looked ten pil
u. pon as a VWarmouth victory, by hints
1 PRESIDENT NAMED sea of c1
eirst of'
- TILDE , ,the Ri nast1er, the can totl
ie man. will et
f IIARlD MONEY, REFORM AND weak, 1
11HONEST RULE. good in
lo The Democracy Stands Re- dred fo
d- deemed. - cents
to -dress
u St. Louis, June 28-Convention
en ngaged all day in discussing reports Tie
of Committee ol platfotm. Majority up ano
h- report asks for an extension of time shot a
for the resumption Act to go into force. fused t
Minority report demands uncondi- resiste
se I tional repeal of resumption Act. The
re- discussion was very earnest, at times
le, amounting to confusion. A tote was
taken by States to repeal the teadinp- tle=sca
mey tlon Act, which tesulted In a hart, a
EN, VICTORY FOR THE HARD MONEY MEN. woods
for The vote stood 11i for repeal, and
in 556 againLt it. The majority report The
ng which extends the time of resumption York i
was then adopted. Vote 651 ayes, 83 On
nays. The majority mlport was adopt
re- ed as a whole by the sanme vote.
1- ST BALLOTS
Ran The first ballot resulted as follows: fixed
rm- Allen 55, Tilden 4031, Parker 18, Act
ple Hancock 75, Bayard 217, Hendricks sent i
133}. tics
Necessary to a choice 499. 207,7
SECONDU ALLOT. with
sent Samuel J. Tilden, of New York,
the nominated.
ring '
hard AnsWer Us! per o
e is According to the Radical press and thept
nbe some few of the independent order of caln
thinking, the nomination of Hayes Iy dent
tIe e 3i mll ae  iarty Was, aid is a1 the
ricai that gomud men should ask of It, and tion.
they can now go into time loyal party,
rule swallow its record and be happy with Ti
Hayes' sugar.lcoat. If srech reasoning tion
is true, then indeed are the American vem
lon- people so uttemly depraved in morals time
t that nothing short of the second ad- char
vent canl save them-and as some
v Or- very worthy journals speak so flatter- e
their tng of Hayes, while they belabor the
rela- party ie represents, we wonid like to \
using be informed on points, whichleL we pres- be g
this eut for elnecidation, eategoritally cost
tie Does the simple nominmtion of lHayes city,
"pfeo- prify tie party "within the party " amed
no Have thle Amerleun people any atfalr- ular
It and re of refnrM with HIayes as Pre.- pool
i &c. ident7 Wib nomhinated Hayes, was it priY
a and not the same individuals who are res- nei
dear ponsihite for our condition as a nation fll
kably to-day ? In the event of Hares' eled- as I
s tile tion, will not Blaine, Morton, Logan, will
sauh Pomroy, Garfield, and all the stoun- pet
nety," drels *ho have, do and will reIir clhB
qie sent rings, cliques and thieves, con- dead
ious, trol legislation Did not tie Con- La
a uf- vention tlhat nomiilated Hayes ndorse full
utienc Gmanf# admiistratioms, and is dtot on 1
ore of Hayes a qassi Grant candldate Does mel
endnt not Hayes embody and represent the ical
lasted principles enunciated in the platform PL
d Bi. upon whiech he appeals to the people; ie
ishingand is aslot that platform unsonad in ly
Sthat priutetple, dangerous in policy and sa
et or subversive of honesty and liberty by ear
Sthen its execution t of
ramnt Let the independent (1) Hayes' press com
Slittle answer these questions,lo which we thi
Timae will add tlie last and most important
Iwants Is Hayes an honest man and a reform
has to er, if so, kow do :es kIo ifl_ D
of Mis- -_--
ho; but We wanit every n8beitb of eery t
her tlhe DI odfN dciub i tite pitislt to th
r cay- s r~t~be fol ofie' ci1 at le'tIe;t of if
r- th:e in;deor, the people's paper.
maog Only ONE DOLLAR fotbr the rest of we
ther the year; postage prepaid Presi. al
dents will please bring this mnat
rs.-It ter before their clubs, and send in ,
thats ef- ets of frames with money without
lat man d6lay.
a reme· -
to their Thed s6 great deal of trouble 1
s ar withi th'@ Aztec eomban attariched to
Bga Buannus circeus, in Providence. It
segr Fins, seendatm wanted her salary ralfed P
e hrto aveo~e; bat they told mer that am
if they dtdi Ih ite v#6mt aloa be .
otrstly ie to *ppdai as t6" 8iS~dan
rate maleletor and fme a bh would
So bnek to lmerick trsl ara tae" in
walihng at va$h utlgsr ~4 ay, and ei
apted they were.iblb~t t eomnapromie by a[
, co"'m brianing her omt as the fascinath
ye prop- 0 E of the l Oireat.-19ortach
Io - p -hi
Sihe s presieae r 8iminnole, - pt. H.I L o
-a emina. nitig, 1.i w t.Od..: au -
)o i a at f elf
.x~f;: j4
INFORMATION.
Carl Shurtz and the Independ- The a
ents have not declared for Hayes, to give
on the contrary, nearly, If not all liibition
the Independent Press, oppose dwarfs
him. papeis
Bristow, the only real reforner what is
in the Grant party, has left the 13, dese
Cabinet in sheer disgust. It is, tior F
as stated in the 1nglish papers, the "ori
"a degrading thing to be connect- ism hot
ed in any way with the party in ieclla
power in America now.9 What a cy,' ha'
nice condition of affairs. nals ha
tells us
I (rnt is trying to bully the have II
Democratic House of itepresenta- subject
tives into passing large appropria- tied .t
tion bills, but he will signally fail. indite I
They are tritde reformers, and in- to spea
tend to economize in government chanic'
matters first of all. endear
-- locks"
Thanks to Mark M. Ponleroy upon
Esq., for his "Golden Bricks" A themse
neat, heart-feeling, and well writ- and re
ten pamphlet, edited and issued to thee
by himself to be used for ptrpo dicron,
) ses of charity. We have read the Niot
first ot' these .with pleasure and of the
e can truthlfutly say, their perusal ner
will ehcourage those who are who c
D weak, to strive to te strong in wealtl
good intentions. Send for a hun- and is
) dred for $7; 3 for 25 cents; 10 i,iity.
cents each, postage Daid. Ad- crawl
dress M. M. Pomroy, Chicago, Ill. before
n -the •C
ta Tile East Feliciana negtoes got ing a
t up another row last week. They gnitir
ne shot a negro matt beeaitus e he r the t
-e fused to join their clubs, and then worst
li resisted the Sheriff's of East Fe anoti
liciana and latotd Itouge, when Th'
ses their arrests were attempted a bat- in . I
tie-scare ensued, but no one was espeo
hurt, as the negroes took to the mind
Fm. woods as usual. resp(
oit The Hebrew population of'New thiet
an York is placed at 80,000. ther
83 On the 22d, itev, Henry Ward ostrt
t- tieeehet's salary as pastor of the to, a
Plymouth Church, ~rooklyn, was onm
,: fixed at $20,000. n
18, According to an oficial report "H
cks sent to the ifouse of Itepresenta- orga
tives on Monday, it has cost $2,- ety
207,740 to garrison Washington oers
with army officers in the last seven thei
rk, cial
years. sto
the Terre Haute Express,,a pa- Tihl
per of twenty years standing as a of 1
and itepublican organ, states that it rese
r of cannot support fItyes for Presi- its
a y dent because he (don't come tip to "s
s *l the "mark on the lnmucia l qutieb- c
and tion. ta
with The North Carolina State else: in
inig tion will be held tris year in No. ans
ican vember instead of August, thid
orals time of the election having ~~eti
I ad- changed by the Constitutional
som autendments adopted about ode tli
itter- - -
the year ago. .
he to We feel asstired thni the publia will all
pre- be gratiiied to learn that Mr. T. La
Cally coste, tile veteran droggist of our
Hayes city, hlis re-established himself in the be
ty i" medicine business at his old nod pop- 50
msur- ular stand on Front street. Our good st
Pre#- people have been for a long time de- st
wras it pived of this want vwhelh Mr. tacoste P1
nre rcnaot supplies, A drug-store, with a di
ation full assortment of sacti blioiee goods em
eled- as Mr. Lacoate on.y can buy, and vi
iogan, with such a citeful, attentive, comn s
ton- petent had popular gentleman in
telire chiarge as Mr. Lacoste, will, we feel n
, con dedured, be liberally patronized. Mr. 1
B Con- Lacoste will give to his store his care- re
dorse fill and nodivided attention and has h
s 'ot on hand a full and complete assort- c
Does meet of drugs, medicine and chem- i
it the icals; as he hias adopted the "CASH
atform PLAN" he begs all to remember that t
ople; ie sells for small profits and exclusivoe- I
ad in ly for the money, as he buys iu the a
y and same way. hyseiciansS preseriptions s
rty by carefully ohmrodunded at all hours I
of the day or night. Don't fOtrget La-I
s press bote5s brick stole on Firont sireet ndr I
icl we thdt hle is time live peoptd' druggist.
otat -- --- 1
reform- (ROWLER.
DEuAa (OWRaoi*
It is said : "Maakind are more what
they are made by tan~aid thas what
sht to they are made by teikd Creat6r !" NoV
4 ait of i we are to eonsidr the paltg 1id pOw
er as of baaklad? ,wh@ wo6M plo
IP*t* suppeae is or was tAitr Cieator, for
rest of es truly believe God to be oat Cre
Presi r at"r.
t u "T" proponods a conundrum that
end l would stump the splhinx. Who made
Rithout the radical party of to-day, is iapori
sible of answer. It is oe of the pr6b
leos of ainowI solation, but we'
trouble all inow *at th fMtdfal f~aty £da
to adae. It has well ,itf1 Tide dni
j paupers ; made Amefies a by-word
r that and a reproaelh f mide thi~vde and
5 be rascals rates aid m'ade suchl nen as
i oldr Kellogg amd Wainmoth tie Governors
tlofai on'tispra, with their Boollts, My
Sy and erdu Blunt ad Bedas to rule oar lo.
mise by cal afaitr.i In oiher Words the rad=
iisal part was made of notbiug 5et ft
had msade something-every thing ex
- cept an honest nasse tad a efean oe
t. i.L. ord.
Subeti tl t ( h indidator,
.+,+,,,'+ ·1~·-
:J:w l + ;niai~er w+i~
OSTRACISM, C
Tihe attempt to ape Sauipson and For t1
to give us another and a modern ex- ending '1
hibition of falling temples, as well as
a destroyed people, by such puny 762.
dwarfs as "drive quills" for Radical ient fat
papeis whose only circulation is 7696.
r what is forced by a printing monopo- missed a
ly, deserves, we think, a passing no- 8014.
tice. jers) jud
For a year through the columns of 8018.
' the "organs" we have had Commun- ment for
ism hot, cold, and hashed. "Only a 8049.
I Mechanic," "Ostracism," "Aristocra- judgmer
a cy," have been the themes these jour. 8051.
nals have expatiated upon. History missed a
tells us that demagogues in all ages 8065.
have howled out those same "class for plail
' subjects," and we are not at all star- 8067.
" tied at what the Republican sheets for plait
1* Indite for the public eye, but, for them 8080.
1- to speak of nsuch seihji:tstt as "a me va. H. i
It chanic' in the manner they do; to sots.
endeavor to drag up by "drowned 802.
locks" dead "slaveocracy," to cant Sheriff,
nY upon ostracism--the ostracism - of 8084.
A themselves and followers from decent for plai
t- and respectable society, is something 8084.
!d to those who know these fellows, lu- for plai
o dicrouslY ridiculous. 8087.
e Nine-tenths of these mud-slingers, judgme
id of the sealawag tiersuasion at least, 8088.
I were the. veriest todjes imaginable iie, dis
Sduring slavery time to every man 808j.
who owned a negro. Slaves were vs. Joe
wealth, and wealth to thenm was then, 80ij0.
''- and is nd*r, tile all-in-till of respecta ment fa
10 bility. Like Uriah hleapi they wotild 8095.
d- crawl in the dust "ever so humble" for pla
[II. before the 50 hand planter, and to 8096,
the 100 hand "siaveocrat" their cring- judgma
,0t ing sydoplaney was perfectly dis. 8197
1ey gusting; but that is all past and gone, ment I
re- the God has been removed, And the 8098
wen worshiper now grovels in search of mnisse
Fe another which lie has not found. 8101
ten These felows find infinite pleasure dismni
,at- in spattering with slime all that is 810.
a respectable because nature has failed misses
to endiow them with snuficient grace, 8101
mind or mannersA to be theniselves mise
respectable. They associate with 810
tew thieves and blackguards, and because judgi
therefor decency has closed the gates 810
of society against them, they howl ment
ard ostracism-and with all this attempts 81t1
the tot and does insnlt the honorable and er, jai
wale honest meclhanul by dragging his 811
name and calling in the mud with ment
Radicalism.
port "He is only a Mechanic," shouted the Ed
nta- orgdn a few weeks since; why our soei- $ o
$2,- ety is flled with T*echanies, our "slave Ec
gton oerats," as the Republican I~reas call tent
even them, meet hand and hand in our so- ' I
cial gatherings and at our hearth- to to
stones the horny-handed Mechanic. tiar,
i pa- The Mechanics are not of that class Ri
as a of these indical Editoais, they are ad to i
at it respectable, and we beg leave to add, tiar,
rest- as much respected as the proudest j1
i , d "siaveoerat"i in tie iand, and they in 1
scorn such dirty blackguards as these j:
Radical Editors. io mecihtic is oe - pen
tracised here, some itepubileans move j'
ele: in first circles of socitty, but thieves ous
SNo. and low iurs ilever did nor never will. A
thd Be Cheeffil. Be Active ! ry,
tiona ln all prts of the State comes int
ol tthe hleerzing itelligence that the I
oe Radical party has weakened, hasn in
fact almost given up the ghost. In
i a ill llthe dleCtions held since the 1874 ma
', . La- dtest, amnd they have been chiefly
Sour ,iunicipai, the Democratic party hlas in
inthe been overwhelmingly victorions;
dl pop- smn of tihe strongest of Radical
r goi strongholds have been vigorously t
e de- stormed and carried. Baton Rouge,
ieoste Plaquemnine, Monroe and Lake 'rodt:
with a dence, hitherto in thle hands of oir i
goods enemies, are now inscribed as gallat t
, and victories upon the Demcratict-CD on-b
Scon servative banner,
an in Pinbchback in his spee( irti iinein- IP
we feel natti, esrresoed extreme doubt of a fo
i. Mr. Radical sltCv.y this Pall, and every is
is care- respeet~hIe iliepablican journal North th
ad has has ret iouisilana dwn as a Demo
assortk cratic State. The suecess of tile gal- d
chemu- Mant Missisippians in 1875, will be
"CASH elipsed by tslt 6f Louisiana in 18~76;
or Ithat i fit iulin c ft' il not come of supine
lusivo . seaf-of an assurance that victory is
fn the certain becauee tile enemy's ranks
riptfoOs afe brokeni we must work anceas- b
II hours ingi, fdr boar foes are men who o6oid
g~et IA Otery thing on their success, and will n
ge t and top shott of nothing to sectte ft. ii
it. We mapt organize thornoughly, Ia
- jor night and day, oyr t hiae more
at stake than all the ifadieakr eotbin- t
ed hiavai; nay habis, our liberty, and
all we bold dear is fodt, ason d the
e a enemy be daeteesfu. et tit be ac.
r i NoV t#ej tigilatit and 1 detromined
h pow- notohing tan deftt end ilu if w but pledge I
r. Oo ourselves t6i victory-to the brave
tor, for and virftlou nothli'ng is inipossible !
Thie most aonurnful featare of
"T. Grant's retirancy will be tim army of
hinfortunate relatives who will be
Sthat turned loose nioa the charitiesof the I
o made world. Cbddsf, second, third, fourth 1
s inpoi. and Bfth, aclfes, grand-aneles, broth
e r6b. era, brothers-in-law, and all their eon
snecttons will be ousted from comfort
but we able sineenres all over the country,
atY jd and the tramp noisancue increased ten
a de ml fold. Some plhilanthropic party
b-ord should found an asylum for these on
b an ortunates.-LboIWuiie A Agr.
Ilts, M ,
l oar lo- .
e., lart at, MaL C0N.
Court Proceedings
For the Civil and C(riminal toer
ending Tuesday, June 27th 1876.
CIlVL rusksoe.
7662. O'llrien vs. Campbell, judg
inent for plaintiff.
7696. Cockfleld vs. Tourres, dii.
missed at plaintiff's cost.
8014. Walmaley vs. Johnson (Reo
jers) judgment for plaintiff.
8018. Rouquier vs. Luchini, jaog.
ment for defendant.
8049. Wallace & Co., vs. Wyche;
judgment for plaintiff.
8051. Hunter vs. Donovan, dig:
missed at plaintiff's costs.
8065. Gleece vs. Lynch, judgment
for plaintiff.
8067. johnson vs. Joson, judgmea
for plaintiff.
8080. Lehman Gouldebau & Co.;
vs. H. Kaffie, dismissed at defendanti
costs.
8082. Rachal vs. Airey & Co., anL
Sheriff, dismissed at plaintiff's eosta
8084. Chopin vs. Hunter, judgment
for plaintiff.
8084. Woods vs. Hunter, judgment
for plaintiff.
8087. Genoe & Beuvens vs JoneS
judgment for plaintiff.
8088. Caspari & Dietrich vs. OGia
nie, dismissed at plaintiffs cost.
808iJ. Lehman Gondebaun & Ca..
B vs. Joe. Aaron, judgment for plaftn*d
80190. Cockfleld vs. Casparl, jtsag
ment for plaintiff.
1 8095. Carver vs. Keegith, judgment
for plaintiff.
8096. Carver vs. Iionllt & Bro.;
judgment for plaintiff.
. 8'97. Qneyronte vs. Dupleix, jadg:
B' ment for plaintiff.
ie 8098. Linch vs. Rachal Jr., dihs
of missed at plaintiff's cost.
8101. Lattler & Rachal vs. Radcal;.
re dismissed at plaintiff's cost.
is 8104. Cockfield vs. Casparl, dish
ed missed at plaintiff's cost.
8e, 8105. Canghlin vs. Caughlin, dig
'a missed at plaintiff's cost.
th 8106. Waimsley & Cd., t. Gallo
so judgment for plaintiff.
tea 8107. Schelette vs. Rocques, judg.
wIl ment for plaintiff.
pto 8100. Walmsley & Co., vs. Whee.t
ind er, judgment for plaii,fi.
his 8110. Walmsley vs. Johnson,jold:
tl mnent for plaintiff.
CnIusNAL FINDINGS.
the Eda Sowell, assault and battseiy
Ci- $1Oeosts or 30 days in parish jail.
re Edniond Howard, assault witlh i.
call tent to kill, $25 and costs.
so' Fitbra Holmes, assault with iBttf
rth- to murder, 6 months in the penits:
Bic. tiary.
lass Rachael Walker, assault with latest
e d to murder, 6 mouths in the prhba.
dd, tiary.
dest Jules Fontenot, larceny, 19 idnoi
hey in the penitentiary.
lese Jack Waldroup, hirder; lie SC'
Soe- penitentiary.
ove Jas. Atklinson, sasnult witt daFr,
ees oun wealpon, $25 art costfs.
will. Andrew Wlhite, aisaolt and hlt "
Sry, $10 hand tcot.
Aaron Harkiuni, larceny, 1 s ioih
s01 in the pemitentiu ry.
the Bobby Deans, larceny, 1 muoa.i.,'e
s in in the ee'tntiary.
In Wn. Mann, ashooting with intet i
1874 murder; , years in the penitentql,'
uiely Antoine Fisher, larcenye , 18 omslt-'
y Ias in tbh penitentiary.
idical If Lonisiana is lost it wiffM _
ously thr~ugh the influenee of de5sig
mge, n who, to advance their in* "
rot vidlnnl ends, would bargain alr
,1 tla rter thie rights and liberties e .
-o. the lpeople. '
We firmly and emphatically p
nein- pose the nomination of any 
Sof a for Goveruor wirho has used,
every is using persoal means to ei5 :
orth the nomination. TheM' is P'
emo- person in New Orleana who y ..
Sgal- done this, and is doing it; be I.
,ill e man who Ims nil the qualitis4
cept the o iw b shoM lhEi s i
Smake a governor--and that !u&:
inkr g one tiU defeat him-a
inceas-s Iity,
o told We will oppose this p
i will nomination on those gronasd,
t. if he is nominated, there wili
l, Ia. anr arctie camarpaign with S
Smore defeat, Are the people
thbin- to stanat the result of useh ti _
t and terr ur present eouditionf a..
le ac-swers that withouet uiYO "
N-o man has the right dhii
pledge himself to the frosti to ~ 'I.,
brave elect delegates in his interest -U
pack a Convention of p~s
* of Baton Rouge. The result ofI
will be our utter and hopde
asf te feat, for no enthusiadim cEBi
Ifourth the criminal, treaas nttio
i tion of a m·tr representiani
omfort- true inteiSe, and seeking a
muitry, taning piblitieal promiuehOD
s uparty eroral aims or private edi
osoamS C hOP
COTTON FACTO3 e
COUSlf88ION MEKI
No. U CARONDELET ST-,
July I-ly New Or1t ,
PWENIX SA6(1O7 ,
St. Denis Street, NatchitoufebIe
-k. - -PP, . 'P11 *F
DHOICE Wsies, Liquors sai
~ Ice driks ald attenIO b "ar
.A