ate atr chop.
e propose to keep up a depart- I
nmlt for our Fau'ing andl Maechni
ciil fli-.lsl , and we feel assu red it will
be uead w ith itrc.,e. We propo(se
to, de.vote time to this delparttme',
andl ask olr readlers to co-operalt
with us in ,n:kin, it equal to the
test.. We .,ihll like to hive 1a cir- "
res.p'nldent in every neighIIltrhood
wheure the VINDICATO'I circulates,
Who, if he did nothing nmore, would
keep us posted on cropas, prices, &c.
We will send the VINDICATOR for
one year withont charge to one per
son IIn each neighborholod, whlo will
correspond with us regularly, on farm
topics.
How Many Fowls to Keep.-This
depends upon the space you have to
devote to their aecommodation. Nev- P
or laoi~e than forty to tifty, at imost, º"
under oine roof ; and better, less than
over thirty in one building, unless it
be a -very large one. Why I Because
they can't live and remain healthy,
when crowded together in greater
numbers. Upon limited premises, a
dozen to twenty may be kept com
fortably. But the day you crowd
fifty to a hunndred adult towls and
chicks or more into one house, you
will find they will commence to fall (
off in lah ing, the birds will get sick,
and farewell to further success or
profit to your poultry keeping, in this
style. If you desire to keep more c
than thirty to forty fowls, you must "
colonise them-each flock apart from t
the others. Thus only can you profit ,
with numbers, and thus only can you hi
determine which are the best layers. º
-An Old Breeder, in the Plough- s
man. n
Potato Wine.-Slightly frosted po- L
tatoes may be utilized into a very
passable wine by carrying out the ."
following directions: To about a
bushel of potatoes, thoroughly pound- a
ed or crushed, add ten gallons of wa- .
ter after its having been previously d1
boiled for half an hour, with half v
pound of hops and half pound good P
ginger, (in power). Let this mixture º
stand three or four days, in a umod- I
erately warm place. Then add
finally half pound of course sugar, a
half pint of yeast or a bottle of sound
ale, to stall a biisk fermentation. In
a few days the fermentation will have
nearly ended, then rack off into a
small, clean cask, and in three months I
the wine will be gady for use.
Why Farmers Keep Poor.--A re.
cent writer says: After long obser- i
vation I have come to the conclusion
that a great majority of the farmers I
tlat are poor might have money. If t
you inquire into their business hah
its you will find that they always sold
tife bdst aag kept the poorest. For
instance if tT ey have too many sheep
on hand, they pick out the best to be
sold. If you ask theme why they do
so they will say, "Because they bring
twice- as much as others, anl I am
hard up just now for money. I know
thaltt is.,. at a good plan, and I do
not intend to follow it always." I
think the habit of selling the best is
a very poor plan flor any man, I don't
care what his circumstances may be.
I have a man in my m,ind now whol,
aliways sells his poorest sheep for
more than twice as much as the av
erage farmer gets for his best. I
have seen farmers IS the fall pick out
their best pigs to fatten, because lthey
would make a few more po(,tnds of
pork than the others. This I call
poor economy.
The Hog, Its Value and How to
Care for.-The hog is an animal of
great importance in this country, and
is every day day becoming more so.
Almost every family outside of large
cities, tind even in the suburbs of
tliese can keepl) one or more.pigs.
Pork can be grown cheaper than any
other kind of-menat, and what is of
much importance, a stnal outlay of
sapita) brings a quick return; if kept
in' good condition, the pig may be
slaughtered at any age after one
mioth old.
The next important question is,
what variety is thie most profltalle to
keep? Where the Chester White is
known, no other breed can compete
with it. It is nearer perfeetion as a
hog, thana has ever yet been arrived
at. Its outline is beautiful, its dies
position gentle, its habits quiet aind
aotented, not disposed to roam and
fret, so that the food it consumes goes
to formation of flesh and is not spent
in roaming after mischief. It is not a
gross feeder, but, like all other ani
muals, requires its toed at regular in
tervals; this care and attention is
never lost on it. There is no other
breed that enjoys better health. If
kept till twelve or fifteen months old
and properly eared for, it will yield
frot'five to seWn hundread pounds
of net pork. What other animal wrill
yield so mneh in so short a time, from
so small a beginning, with such a
small outlay of capital f
The hog, like other afimals, should
be kept clean or rather, it slhotlh
have an opportauity of keelpiug itself
clean. Ithouse soueould havte a good
soof to turn thie rain ; its floor shaould
be sutf8iciently elevated to be kept
dry and no holflow place for puddles
of water to stand in. It wit w db well
en pastrl~ msatutr, mer, with very lit
tie phlaor pai· . Cloher is the very
)yw.pasture for it.
'The economy of selecting thie best
-breed of hogs for stocking flarms is
just beginning to be appreciated, the
long-lcegged will hive to knock under,
they lhave had their day. Agriculntu
ral peridlics are dissoeminating lighlt
anod truth in every durner of or la;nd,
ant with that light and truth will go
t4ile better bredscl of all kinds of farmi
stock..
There wilhe five eclipses in 1S77,
viz.: A total eClipse of She aloon on
Feb. 27, invisible in the United
1Wht e; a partial dclipse of the sun
on Marcl 14, viaile io Western Asia;
a partial ecipste of the sun on August
l, visible in Ahilka, Kamsehatka. and
the ~North Pacific Odeau ; a total
eciprie t tohe moon on Aungst 23,
pantly. visible in the Eastero and
raoutern States, aunda-pmrtial eclipse
sf hit. sun on September 7, visible in
, u
MATCHITOCHES
HIGH SCHOOL
-)O--A
1 tt hi 1l1ing is co pleted and will le
E1op1e El Ifor the recepltion of Ipupils, o
MONIIAY. 3d day of APRIL next.
Classes to be' of three grades.
1st Elimientary Spelling, Reading, Wri- co
tin;g and first rules of( Arilllllltti. A
"ºnd Sanme contioned, with Jlisthry. Ge- F;
ogragdhy,. Oral Arithmetic, use of lai
GlobesI , English Gramiiar, Rtl.t ric, S
Exercises in Elocutionl and C'omUlpoi
timon e
3rd Higher or University Arithmetic, all
adilvanced MaLthemll tits, Natlral :tld II
Moral Philosophy, and the Atcietit ot
Languages.. (ILatin ad Gr(;eek.) t
'TElRMS: t
lit
Tuition, for First Class, per moutlt $3.00
", Sciondn " " * 4(1 Ali
" Third " " " " ' .00t
(Payable montlhly.) at
Board can be had in the city with
lpri\'lvatl fanlirs, fromn $10 to -12 per
euoth.
W. C. .ACK, i
March '23--tf. Principal.
WiLD OATS. S
PROSPECTUS FOR 1877. aI
Champion American Comic Paper ! '
Illustrated by a corpsofthe best Aleri- at
can artists, and contributed to Iy the cc
most popular humorists and satirists of in
the day.
Wild Oats now enters successfully up- te
on the sixth year of its existence, and iu
has become the established humlllorouls and
satirical paper of the country. It was
started and continued the first year as a fr
monthly, then, to satisfy the demand of ci
the public, it was changed to a fortnight
ly. Still continuing its good work of ci
hitting folly as it flies, and showing up r
the political antid social shams by its
masterly cartoons and pungent editorials,
it achieved even greater success than
before, and was recognized as the ablest
antId brightest of its class. Since then we
have yielded still further to the public
demand, and now publish Wild Oats
weekly! It has literally grown into its
present shape on its intrinsic merits, be
ing the first successful weekly humorous
paper ever published in this country.
Among the artists especially engaged
to furnish illustrations for Wild Oats are
Frank Bellew, Thomas Worth. Hopkins,
Wales, Shelton, Wolf, Jump, Keettels,
Stuckhardt, Day, Poland, and several it
others who are yet known to fame.
In its literary departments Wild Oats it
will, as it always has, stand alone and j
unapproachable. At least one first-class
serial story will always be found in its it
pages, by the best humnorous, satlrical, Ii
and character writers in the United
States; while its sketches and squibs ]
will be sparkling, original and pointed. N
Wild Oats will be first-class in every o
particular, and on this account may be
taken into the best families without fear f
or suspicion, as no word or illustration
will appear that can offend the most fas
tidious. c
o'e Send for a Sample Copy and p
Conrince Yourselres.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE:
One Year....................... $4 00
Six Months..................... 2 00 n
Three Months................ 1 00
Single Copies ................... 10
Any person sending us a club of live t
suibsieries fo)r one year will receive a
copy gratis. I
Address,
COLLINS & SMALL.
Publishers, 113 Fulton Street, N. Y.
EVERY LADY SHOULD TAKE IT.
PETEllSON'S IMAGAZI E,
THE CIHEAPEST AND BEST IN 1
THE WVORLD.
Postage Pre- Paid on all Subscriptions.
This popular Monthly Magazine gives
more for the money than any in the a
world. For 1876, it will be greatly imn
proved. It will contain One Thousand t
Pages. Fourteen Splendid Steel Plates,
Twelve Colored Berlin Patterns, Twelve
MammUoth CoIored Fashions, Nine Hun- I
dred Wood Cuts, Twenty-Four Pages of
Music. All this will be given for only I
Two DAtlars a year, postage prepaid by
the publisher, or a dollar less th.ma Mag- 
azines of the class of "Peterson.7 Its
THRILLl; G TALES AND NOV
ELTIES j
Are the best published anywhere. All
the most popular writers are employed
to write originally "Peterson." In 1875,
in addition to the usual quantity of short
stories. Five Original Copyright Novel
etts will be given; by Mrs. Ann 8. Ste
phens, Franuk Lee Benedict, Jane 0. Aus
tin Marietta Holley and Daisy Venutnor.
MA MDIOTH COLORED FASIIION
PLATES
Ahead of all others. These plates are
engraved on steel. Twice the usual aize,
anml are unequaled for beauty. They
will be superbly colored. Also House
hold and other receipts; in short, every
thing interesting to ladies.
SUPERB PREMIUM ENGRAVING!
To every person getting np either of
thie following clubs for 1875 will be sent
gratis, a copy of our new and splendid
mezzotint foir farming, (size 21 inches by
26', "~Washingtou's First interview with
His Wife." This is a Five Dollar Engra
ving, and the most desirable premium
everofftered. For large chibs, as wjill be
.sen llolaw, an extra copy of Mazazine
will be sent in additon.
TERMS (Always in Advance) $2,00
Poxltage Prepaid bI thIe Publisher.
2 Copies for................$ 3 60
3 " "............. 4 00
4; " "................. 10 00
9 " "................. 14 00
12 " "................ 18 00oo
Poqstages Prepaid on the Cltb, with a
copy of the superb mezzotint ('1226)
"Washington's First Interview With His
Wife," to the person gettitg up the
Club.
Address, post-paid.
S CHARLES J.. PETERSON,
306 Clhesnnt street, P'a;
a etcimens senat gratis if w~ntten
* t , i
JOURNAL OF
:fGIf ,1[I lE :N FARIMERl,
A Weekly for Farm, Or
clhartl aMl Family Circle.
'rhlie Weekly .lonrnal and Farmer is a
- eonsolildation of the monthly Journal of
Agricnltiu-e and the Weekly 3Missonri
- Farmier, is now t he greatest leading popn
f lar Farm and Fireside paper of the
Southwest.
Its delpartmenets are complete and ably
cdited. The (Grange is a leading fi-ature,
S lnd this delirtment is always full of
1 good things eoutrihuted by the ihembers
t of the i ( rder. The ladies are heard
through the colmtnus devoted to their in
terests, and many hints of household
utility and good advice can lie gleaned
b~y those who wish to heoillle ornaments
Sin their honmes antd by their firesides.
All classes will be instructed by reading
) the Jonrntal of Agricnlture and Farmer,
and no f:unily shoull be without it. Its
MIARKET REPORTS
are complete, authentic and reliable, and
the paper is worth the subilscriptioln price
alone to get its markets, fresh and relia
ble every week.
Send for it! Read it! Take its ad
vice, and it will pay yon.
Men and women, bo\ys and girls, old
andi young, give the .Joinrnal of Agrienl
ture and Farmer a trial for one F'ear,
and see if you have not made a good iin
vestmetnt. It is a large » page, 45 column
weekly Agricultural, (Grange and Fanmi
ly Newspaper, and is free fromn olitical
and religious discussions, and it chaste
and well written pages makes a wel
come visitor in thousands of holseholds
if in the great Mississippi Valley.
Club agents wanted, to whom liberal
terms will be given. We want agents
I in overy town and village.
ii Send for specimen copy free, and we
ask that you send us the namies of your
a friends, so that we may send them spe
cf einien copies.
Subscription price, $2.00 per annulm;
clubs of 5 or more, $1.50 each. Postage,
P 15 cents must be sent with each name,
as we prepay every paper sent out.
; Address
t CHEW, CORDELL & CO.,
e 310 North Sixth Street,
c St. Louis," Mo.
THE BEST PAPER. TRY IT.
POSTAGE FREE.
Beautifully Illustrated.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN now in
its 30th year, enjoys the widest circula
tion of any weekly newspaper of the kind
in the world. A new volume commences
J:tnuary 4, 1875.
Its contents embrace the latest and most
interesting information pertaining to the 1
Industrial, Mechanical, and Scientific Pro.
gress of the World; Descriptions, with
Beautiful Engravings, of New Inventions,
New Processes, and Improved Industries
of all kinds; Useful Notes, Recipes, Sug
gestions and Advice, by Practical Writers,
for Workmen and Employers. in all the
various arts.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN is the
cheapest and best illustrated weekly pa
per published. Every number contains
fron 10 to 15 original engravings of new
machinerv and novel inventions.
ENGRIAVI'GS, illustrating Improve
ments, Discoveries, and Implortant Works,
pertaining to Civil and Mechanica! Engi
neering, Milling. Mining and Metallurgy ;
Records of the latest progrets in the Ap
plications of Steaum, team Engineering,
Railways. Ship Building, Navigation.
Telegraphy, Telegraph Engineering, Elec
tricity, Magnetism, Light and Heat.
FARMERS, Mechanics, Engineers.
Inventors, Manufacturers. Chemists, Lov
ers of Science, T''eachers, Clergymen, Law
yers, and People of all Professions, will
find the ScIE'rIrIic A.IulIce1N useful to
them. It should have a place in every
Family, Library, Study, office, and Count
ing Room; in every Reading Room,
College, Academy or School.
A sear's numbers contain 832 pages and
SEVERAL HUNDRFD ElG)xRLoVINGS. Thon
sands of volumes are perserved for bind
ing and reference. The practical receipts
are well worth ten times the subseription
price. Terms $3 20 a year by mnail, in
cluding postage. D)isc not to Clubs Spe
cimens sent free. May oe had of all News
Dealers.
PA r EN S Ill colnectionwitlc
fire ScIENTIFIC
AERmICAX, Messrs. MSNN & Co. are
a Solictors of American and Foreign Patents,
a and have the largest estl elishment in the
- world, More than fifty thousand applicr
1 tions have been made for patents through
, their agency.
a Patents are obtained on the best ternums
- MoIels of New inventions and sketches
f examined and advice free. A special
y notice is made in the Scientific American
q of all Inventions Patented through this
Agency, with the name and resident of
the Patentee. Patents are often sold in
part or whole, to persoes attracted to the
invention by such notice. Send for
Pamphlet, i10 pages, laws and full di
rections for obtaining Patents.
A4dress for the Paper, or concerning
Patents, Mue'N & Co., 37 Park Row
SN. Y. Brach OlHce, cor. F and 7h 8ts.
Washinton, D C.
Jany 11875.--lv
-r--ce
WHITEWA TER WAGOR
FOR FARM, PLANTATION AND FREIGHT.
,f ALSO SPRING AND DEMOCRAT WAGONS.
t Where we have no Agents
11 we will sell direct to parties
g desiring them. Price and
I description furnished on ap
- plication. The Whitewater
a costs a trifle more than ordli
e nary wagons, but i. the
e cheapest in the long run.
SEMPLE, I31RGE&CO.
7 3 80IUTH dA///I ST., 8T. LOUIS.
Parties writincl u%, w'll
-please nmention inl what pa
pei thes read our ndverti'tL
ment, as v*e.wish to give
) credit Where it.is due.
ll ItPAPEIS QUOTE FROM IT!
o Detroit Free Press.
4 The liveliest of family newspapers, full
'of int'restiug uonews, literature, humnorous
sketches, spicy pararaph, etc. Sample
* Copies free. Subscription $2 00 a year,
post-paid. Address
DETROIT FREE PRESS.
DPetroit, Mich.
n O Get your printing done at
I the VCXypmr roA Jh ').1, l e.
WE WANT AN AGENT IN
EVERY COUNTY
-IN TLIE
UNITED STATES!
_
Gold Coin ! $1,000.00 in Gold !
----0
as We Challenge the World,
And;will forfeit $:,000 to any person who can produce a'remedy which will prove
byh actualitest, a sitore speedy, certain and effectual cure for all Pains and Aches of
. hatever form, elternal and internal, acute or chronic, deep-seated or otherwise
than
Dr. Radcliffs', Great Remedy,
Seven Seals or Golden WONDER:
We have had this challenge of $1,000 prominently displayed in all our Circulars
andl Newspaper Advertisements, for the last four years, and not taken, which
shows the superior excellence of our Remedy over all other. For External or In
ternal use.
It will'Effect a Speedy Cure in all Cases of
Headache, Neuralgia, Toothache, Sprainms, Bruises.
Flesh Wounds, Burns, Colic, Cramp, Cholera
Morbus, Flux, Diarrhoea, Bronchitis. Catarrh,
coughs, colds, Inflammatory Rheuma
tism, Asthma, Phthisic, Heartburn,
Indigestion, Summer complaint,
Pains in Side, Back or Loins,
Piles, Ringworm, Felons,
Stings of Insects, Bites of
Venomous Serpents,
and Especially Ru
matism.
A POWERFUL REMEDY Which is takenlInternally by ANY ONE
00-oo
This celebrated medicine is beyond a doubt the greatest discovery in Medi
cal Science known to the - world. Its action is at once felt; its wonder
ful cures arebiustantaneous; in fact it literally demolishes pain.
----oo
EQUALLY GOOD FOR MANIOR BEAST.
oo
REMEMBIIER WE GUARANTEE.EVERY BOTTLE.
No Cure No Pay!
Try it, and be Cnvinced.
00-
SOURCE OF HAPPINESS TO MILLIONS OF SUFFERING HUMANITY
During the past four years the wonderful success of this Great Remedy has far
I exceeded our most sanguine expectations; thousands have been cured, and thou
sands have found out from actual experience that Dr. Radclitls Great Remnedy,
SSeve. Seals or Golden Wonder, is the Most Wonderful Paiu Destroyer in Existence,
s the Most Expedious, Safe and powerful Remedy known in the World. Cures are
effected almost Instantly, as if by Magic. Thousands of certificates have been re
t ceived from all parts of our broad land, unsolicited and unasked for. speaking in
e heartfelt and universal praise of this Great Remedy, from personal knowledge of
i its almost miraculous powers in curing the most obstinate and protracted cases of
h Diseases.
--T00
$1,000 Profit in Four Months ! 1,872 One Dollar Bottles Sold !
READ THIS :
Scott Town, Lawrence County, Ohio.
e Mrs. KI,:'NEDY & CO.-Dear Sirs: At this late hour I will inform you of he
1- great benefit I received from the use of Dr. Radcliffls Great Remedy, Seven Seals
8 or Golden Wonder, after being confined to my bed for eight years with a comnplica
W tion of diseases.Iviz : Dyspepsia, Ilronchitis,l Palpitation of the Heart, Pain in the
Right Side, A'ith General Debility, for which I tried the skill of our home plhysi
0- cians, also a ihoctor of New York City, and two of Pittsburgh, and one in the
, northern part of Ohio. Took enough patent midicines to swim in-all to no pur
- pose. At length I was induced to try Dr. Radelitl's Seven Seals or Golden yWonder.
I sent and got six fifty cent bottles, and. beftre ursing it all found imyself able to
- travel in a lllggy. Took thong ely for its sale laIt April, four monllths ago, and
, have soul t.hitteenl gross, or 1,872 bottles. upl to this date, A,'gust 20th, 1872, antd
. exlpect fron the rowing demand to sell ten thousand (10,000) bottles in the next
C- year. Gentliemn, if'youl think this worlh Isl ng youll ci(a1 do 5, as I amu gencrally
known over throe counltie as i a muli of great atiliction.
s. ours Reslectfully, II. J. DARLING.
-on
- A REMEDY FOR HIIARI) TIMES. TRY IT.
S 1FOR TIllS CRIEAT REMEDY WE WISl YOU TO ACT AS OUR AGENT.
r -oo
t Dear Sir:-'Illhe above fully explains the articles we wish to sell. This business
' is honorable, ad Id being energetic, will pay you well. It is our desire to ap
p .int an agentin ,every county in all parts of the United States and Canada, grant
( nig to each thmexclnsive right to sell every bottle sold in the county. Should you
- accept the agelcy fir one or more counties, you shall have the exclusive right to
1sell every bottb sold in youlr county, as long as o continuie to act as our agent,
antd all orders 'hvlich we may receive fromn your territory shall be turned over to
II 1 yo luri018lt.
SThis Won~dlc'1 Remedy, Seven Seals or (Golden Wonder, sells rapidly in the
Shands of the rWkht kinlld of men, : d we wuamt none other. Now if: you think you
are the man fi the work, forward your order, name your county, and go to w'ork;
voi can sell a3 'ross ii a few dllays, without a doubt. W veha\ olne man who buys
i ona an avergntl ree gross per pweek, and his orders are inlretsing rapidly, andl he
C ihas a. asm:ll Cc ilty, (Beirks Co., Pa.) Hlie writes that he1 expects to sell one gross
C lier duly, at re ul, the coming semasolll, not counting wlholesIle. You have the I'r'
, ile e of sellii wholesale or retail, or putting it on coi"nlission with druggists, or
e selling by suoagents. This busines is worth the attention of good men and men
Sof capital. ihould you mlnake but reasoabl., wages- :ay $100 ier moith for t le
l first three.m h tths (;umuy make Imorel)--you wou'ld nIvertheless be establishing a
business tha would pay you largely in the end.
1 Agentls areoiuigl better with our Imcildy than anything else they ever took
Shold of. WI is this i Because the lemnedl does just as we say, aild our agents
al can warrant very bottle. No cure, no pay. Kuoi\vig that we make all losses
n good, shouhlthey he called on to redeemn a bottle, agents run no risk of loss.
5 Seven Seal) or Golden Wonder is pnt up in $1,0O0 and 50 cent blottles, elegantly
finished in nut and appropriate wrappers and packed in nice boxes, one dozen in
n each box.
STo druggi our scale of prices arc-LargeIc size, $1.00 bottles, per dozen, $8.00
r small size. 5 cent bottles, per dozen, $41.50.
iWe give aS cial terms to our County Agents at such figures that they can sell
to druggists id country stores at the above price and make a hundsomo profit.
We also gi vdan
S Extra Premium to Agents!
In order t have live, energetic men to take hold of the business at once, we
have conclued to give free gratis to each and every agent a present of a handsome,
fine
Coin Silver Hunting Watch, .ree,
Beautifilly (ngraveled, and correct time-keeper, worth $20,00, and a certificate of
agency givitg SOLE CONTROL of such county as the agent may select (not al
ready taken); and, furthermore, all orders coming from such counties as the agent
may select, ,vill be sent back by us to the agent to be filled-in fact we give sole
control ofsuch counties as long as tihe agent continues in the business. Remrnembetr,
the Premium Watch is given gratis to the agents. We take this plan ta have our
Great Remedy qunickly and thoroughly introducec. Let us hear from you at your
earliest convlenience, and secure your county at once, before being taken by some
one elseo. Rnemiber, this offer is open for a short time only.
---oo
A iSniall Capital Requiredl to Run a Large Paying Business.
Thie capitalrequired is very small, and the profits from it will fully equal that of
thoausands of merchants Who have invested a large capital in their business. Hun
dreds in all arts of the country are making from $1,500 TO $5,000 A YEAR.
And hundredl more will date their success from accepting our liberal offer at this
time. Any oit willing to work for success can force it, but those who believe that
it can be hadfrom idleness are not the kind of men we want to pmsh our business.
We want
A LIVE, ENERGETIC AGENT.
As one suneh is worth a (dtoen a he expect a business to push itself. We have spent
in pushinioir' business ONE1 IIIUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS.
It hats paidus to do it, a.nd it 1pays our agents, as it advertises it thouronughly in
every Statt, onnity and Township in the United States-not only for us, but for
the Agenut. lemembcr, this is a life business and that every year it grows larger
andi larger.
We will*seid to parties contemnplating to act as our Agents a SAMPLE DOZEN
BOTTLESeolrely packed with our different Posters, Bills, Show Cards, Terms, etc.,
UPON THlE RECEIPT OF 62.50. And all sending '2;.50 for Suample IDozlen, we
will sendl fire, of charge. Samnples of our Eight Elegant 'hromoa, entitled:
Oood Morayi, ! Good Night ! Feeding the Chickens ! Mother's Grave ! Out
- of the ryinU Pan ! o Bo Peep! Reading the Bible! First Lesson !
If you wait your county, let us know a soon as convenient, as the territo, may
be taken. 'Ne would be pleased to have parties who contemplate taking agen
cy, to send ft Sample Package of this wonderful Remedy before engagin lrgely
in the busin tr.
J" 1i,MBMER, WE GUARBANTEE EVERY BO1fR.
l l NO CURHE _ NO PAY! -
us Withh bene suggestions we leave tlhd matter with you. We do t wish you to
le engage unlesyou will thllow the business as a business, and reudl) desire to mnake
money. W vint none but honest, conscientious men. To ench '.y will guaramtee
nccess. Address all communications to
SKENNEDY 0C0.,
1 Sole Proprietors Pittsbirg h,Pa.
Plense state in, what paper you saw this. advertisemeu.t,
AI'iIUR'S ILLUSTIRATED
HOME MAGAZINE T
FOR 187.
Bright. clherfl'l, progressi ý', al ways up
to the advancinug thought of the . tilll,.
The Ilonie Magazine takes rank witlh llhl
hleading and miost infinential periodicals
of the day. It is on the sihde of tirliin'"
mince anld true Christian mnorality. WVhat -
ever is hurltifiul it colndcuiin without '
tear or favor, and mlakes itself felt ill the
hoims of the people as a power filr good.
The (hea:t Househohl Mlagr xin of t
America, is more thoroughly identitled e
witli the people in their hine and so- g'
cial life than any other periodical in tlhe
couniltry.
"Deborah Nortmalnl; her work and her
rtward." A l. ne serial story by T. .
Arthur will lie cotillleincldl in January. C
"FIFTY YEARS A(G*I; or the calillns
of the West," by Iosell~a Rice. We an- \al
nouncce this new series of articles with
tea! plcasire, knowing as we do that it 1i
will be :unoug the most attractive, that le
we shall otter our readers next year. a
Miss Rice, besides holding 'the pell of a t
ready writer has il her posession a large
amount of originll imaterial frolt which
to draw, and a wide acqnuainltanco with th
people whose liersonall remliiiscenlce are th
rich with pioneer incidents and experi- th
ences.
"Homes for the People," a series of ad
mirably suggestive articles on homes and ac
how to mluake themn pleasant and attrac
tive, by Mrs. E. B. IDuftey. 1
"The Story Teller." This departntent
will be unusually rich. Besides an w
abundance of short stories, two or three oc
serials will be given during the year. el
"Pipsissiway" Potts the inimitable de- ch
hneator of home life and character, will
have an article in every number.
Butterick's newest patterns for ladies' m
and childrens' dresses are given by spe
cial arrangement every month.
The Mothers' Department will be care
fillly edited and have suggestive articles C
from our best and most experienced wri
ters.
The Housekeepers' Department will le sC
filll and practical, and contain many con. -
tributions from experienced housekeep
ers.
'"The Lion in Love' and "The Interrup
ted Reader," two large and splendid pre
mium engravings. One of theso is sent
free to every subscriber.
$2 50 a year is the price of ARTHUIR'S
ILLUISTRATED it:OME MAGAZINE.
In clubs; 3 copies for $6; 6 and ole ex
tra to the getter up of the hlnb $12. 1it
and one extra $20. V7r 15 cents lmust
be added to each subscription for plre
payment of postage for the year. Spe
cintln numbers 15 cents, in currency or
postage stamps.
T. S. ARTHUR & SON,
Philadelphia, Pa.
VICK'S
FLORAL GUIDE
Focr 1877.
SUBLISHED QUARTERLY. JANCA
ry Nnmber just issued, and contains
over 100 Pages, 500 Eugraving, descrip
tions of more than 500 of our best Flow
er8 and l€yletables, with directions for cul- I
Sture. Colored Plate, etc. The mlost use
fill and elegant work of the kind in the
world. Only 25 cents for the year. Pub
lished in English and German.
Address, JAMES VICK,
Jan. 16-ly. Rochester, N. Y.
- --I---- - -- I
WILLIAMS' MOWER& REAPER
1 - ,
The only Two.wbeeFled, Caetre cut
Chuxneable Speed Marbino made. and few
this reason superior to all others. F0e
o deecrippon mnadprices. addie
SEMPLE, BIRGE & CO.,
13 South MainStroet, St. Louis,
- ~nd please state i what paner yoe read thts
- CI1AIK'SPAIlT
POST HOLE AUGERL
Points of super! "orit
over the old style It
will bore fistr in all
onditione of soil, will
bore through Soddy,
Boot, or Trashy
rou without the
elp of any other
tool, can be used to
r jon eaholealresdy
Sizes made for Post
Holes Hedge Planta
Glrape takes, rand
Hop Poles.
AJINUFACTUIED BY
8EMPLE, BIRGE A 00.,
S AGRICULT'IRAL flPLN.
XZ2I'TB AND HARDWIAR
- BPBCIALTIBeI
135. Ma1 st., sL Leao
Prtle anwenrg this adreer
. .C Ir..e ,
. ST. DENIS ST ET,
N ATr'lll('IIE I 1
THE CINCINNATI ENQUIREI
It is thre P'eopl' paper, duvote~
their interests :ald wil1urc.
It is an imlpartial fi'i tad t'o all In(.
Meislires that heiefit the' lcunlltry.
It is I he ,nerv ,f all mitn andl me
uires that seek ionly personald gain aLt
eXlteIIe 411' the countrI'" welfa're..
Its edit.rial ciliuiiis arte fir the
hi:l pirlpuse of expoSing.i h tie fratld5 t
governmulltt officialsi. and laws cIluebC
in l}ang.i :-calculhated Ii d c'eive thj 4.,
derstandirg, and iak.e plain to its reed
ers thie iotiies. \ canIS, and eftcts l
genieral anlt special legislatie acts.
its news t ielnuris ctntain the lutis
lews. and initelligience that can he obtai.
ed fro tl the fur cqnart,.rs of the glo10
,"y meIIans of the telegraatph, mails
corrllspondence.
Its agricuitlur"tl colrumsr are thl belt
adaptedto to the wants of farmeri,, a li
wvhout are invited to give their expCg.
eI.c and results of new ideas and A
perirmerts of all kinds of ilmprovelnent
calctlated Ito 'alance fh it fiuning b
te.r'sts.
()ne' awne of tihe Eliquirer csntaig
Inorei solid information and iintelligeneg
than can he had froim fifty of the s tcal
od hter:iry papers. None' (ca lay aIui
the Enquirer without iladm itting a v'alig.
anle addition to his or her stock ofklnol
edge.
Its market reports have for years b[
acknowledged as the most complete anl
reliable pnublished, and of great valut it
Stock Dealers, Prodtcers and Tradms.
,n-gctterally.
It has depatmenterntd reading for;tl
old and the young. For the faunity g .
cle and the counting house-For the mer.
chant and mechanic-For the fatmer and
stock dealer, and for ladies and gentli
men of every calling and station in life,
Its terms are low as any first class pal
per can be printed for, and the qualih
and irarntity of reading matter used net
excelleld by any other paper.
Try it for this year. A Chromeo ft
every $2.00 8uliscrli her. Send your ius
scription direct to the office.
R. R.R.
RADWAY'S READY RELIEF
CURES THE WORST PAINU
In from One to Twenty Minutes.
NOT ONE HOUR
e resting tH s advertisement need sany e
ECFFEIS WITH PAIN.
RADWAYS REAI)Y RELIEF IS A CIUraBO
ItVEKY PAIN.
It was the first and Is
The Only Pain Rtemedy
that Instantly stopse e most errcnatilng pial., alk
Inflammations and cures congstinors. whether oflt
Lungs, Stiomach, Bowels, oro abr glaods ororg orans, b
one applicalon.
IN FROM ONE TO TWENTY MINUTES,
no matter how violent or exeruelasg the ains 6
RHEUMATIC, I ed-ridden. Infirmn. iripplel. Niror,
Neuralgic, or prostrated with disease may suifer,
RADWAY'S READY RELIF
0 WILL AFFORD INSTANT EASB.
INFAMMATION OF TIIl KIDNEYS.
INFLAMMATION OF TUIr BLADDI
INFLAMMATION OF THE BOWEL,
CONGESTION OF THR LUNIII
SOBI THROAT DIFFICULT BRKATHINtI.
PALPITATION OF THE HEAI.
HYSTERICS, CROUP, DIPHTERIA.
CATARRU, INFLUUIT ,
HEADACHE, tOOTHACHE.
NIUKALiGIA, RHKEUATIsb
COLD CHILLS, AGUE CHILLS.
Theapplication of the ReaIdy Rellef to the'prsr
paris wherethepaln or dulleIty erts willaford str
and Comfirt.
Twenty dropainhalfatombler of water wIlllinlt
momenItcure CHRAMPSSPASMl,sOU iS TOMAi,2
8EARTIURN, SICK HEAD)AlIE, I)IARRHIO4,
DYSENTERY COLIC WIND IN THE IDOWJA
andallI NTERNAL PAINS.
Travelers should always carry a bottle of 1r
way's Ready Relief with them. A lew drops
Water willprevent sickness or pains from chanlge
traer. It l betrUlraa Freach brandy or Bters as
stimulant.
n FEVER AND AGUE.
FEVER AND AGUE cured for fifty cents. There "
Dat ramedial agentil this world that wil enlre Ye
sld Aque, and all other Malarion Hiln'us. Sc
WTlhoi YIIIw, and other Fevers [id by 
LIE'F. Fifty centper bottle.
HEALTH! BEAUTYII
TbRONG AND 'U'RE fIlCH BLOOD-INCREAAR
(iF FPLFHll AND WEIIHT-t-'.EAR iKINI All
BE~AUTIFUL COMI'L/EIOdN LSCU tEDL TAk
DR. RADWAY'S
Sarsarillian Resolvet
THE OREAT BLOOD PURIFIER.
HAS WADE TUX MOST AsTNIING CURRIS:
QUIIK.SO RAPID ARE TBH CIIANiE,'l
ODYT UNDERGOiES.U-NI) I TI ININFPLLi'NC
OF THIS TRULY WONDERFUL MgDIUIIn,
IvoryD ay al llcrease in fla
anllaight is en a l
Every drop of the ARSAPARTIlJIN tRILS
VENT communicares throughthe llihod. Swetr,, l'(L
and other Fluids and jtires of the sstelol thle ,lprl
IfiforitrepairstLhewasteof the h~dy wihhnew.
sound material. Scrofuola, Iyphlis, Consim.ipo
Olaidular disease, Ulcers in ithe throat, oIi)t n
moen, Nodeslnta Glandsand other parin i, iesy
ore*yee, trumoroundiacharg'e from thle .ars, m
the worst forms of rlin diseases. Eruprinus, rete
Sores, ScaldHead, Ring Worm.snaltRheum.Erysip'$s
Acne.BlaeBkpots, Wormslo the Flesh, T'Imars. 15
eerlabthe Womb, and all weatenllag nd pinfal  t
srarges Night Sweats. loss of(spermmn ssdwarliw
the I feprnciple, are wlIhl thie ecrithe rtnge ll
wonderof Modern CbhemlIstlry, ad few dyn' ms ell
prove toay person mlngt'fore:ther of thes foriw
dlirsar powebrtoour th .
Iteaae ntol bemrl~c redlel liewrYd_
iladdecomotlon lis continalluy pro.rrsssi.si*
eedslnarreslnglthes wnotes. iod repairs the
with eewtaierialmsde from healthy ill-o-s1rilI
hIIOSARIAPARILLIAN wllland doesnre--etvur
Isclrtaln; for when one thisremdyltommn, sIi
workofpuorllation, and snereed inl dlm:nItefmr
lesofWi tIsreirsewllhe rtpid, arnprt l n o
the pat ULfehlelfgrowing er an,
and weihtnlucrelaing.
Notonlodoerthesasrarrarr t.u x lRuoL •r---
almllowdreedl aglttan the c:lre cl(:hris'euir.r
1Moau, Costlttnatl, and Skit diatuas;. esi.4
eFly paltlvre cure for
] daey le Bladder Comp atIdat
Urinarya d WombdlaeeOra vel. Pihetw. I,.
Stor~mnl q atInn na ae fwr re iare
brtdnstdepoleits, orbthe wateLr is tllc krll"dY i
wtlteeilt, ortlhbe-ra morl, . dark.. bilious
fhamr of 12 Years' GroWo*
cOIHn by Budywa's RBsuvvre
'DR. RADWAY'S
P3eiIed tasteless, eIegastl l ted whl ¶ Iswee
WaraPll2, or I cure olldisrd r f ie ielL
Liver, Bowels, Kidneys, llunlder Norvoilel tiiv
IHeadahe, Conslpatlon. costiverreo Ind),igeslth
pepllal. Billousnea, Billois heer. Intflamiathlvl a.
Rowels, Piles, and all llerangeman*i of hii, l5'
Viscera. Warranted to eiert a piiositie eurS
Vegeltable, onaiing no mercury, llusralsorres'
Afew "d ses of R ADWAY'E PTTT. will fre let5"
mfromalth loe abore n nli ,:hr.'rrs. 'rrce I
pr Box. 8olID lY tilU-i.,T4 le. t
READ "FAI.TR ANin TII:E'" FenI e one
StamptoRAiWAY A ,t ( N,. N '2 Warr'o ftL. .
Tor. Inforsationwortlh thcs.nds will be sent.i
Patent Metal Lined.
TheeePumpe are
excelled in finish or
workmanship andtfb
Sobjections to the cor'
Smon WoodP PUDP
S causedbythe graTd
wearing of the boixe
in this pump obviated
by a metallio sprint
S For Depcle p ade PrJiI
) Semple, Birge & Co.,
MANUPACTI'RERB OP A(;RICLI'TUtAr Irn
MENTYS AND PE'ElALTIE IN IARDB.AI
13 ~enth I1tini St-*eet, St. Lo'it, H11
...1":'le.ae ,q·· I..'n ba ;,l' .~rpr re(,n d "