\e ip ]j.o IDur.Jc' s p)) r. I n
* .- ---- -At ho clh Qt.I ortha 1 ree hit o
Adrertip'lk g Rates. a te d ' . :.
~ cJ H. COSCROVE
,,,, ,;,, , - Pulished Every SAT RIU).Y M rnX iini
3 .qlUr3 - .14 In 1141, 1. n!,
SW AE OF TE ElLE S TE UPRW. f.illI Otie5 p 4 ix' OOF . ............ ...... 3 L
41111 "j 544
SIu H n)) n 4) Si 1 1 n 57 4 h 44111 - - -i ou .............. 1
, , ~. Off.cial Organ of th h ',ite itizens of Red iOfficialer, Sabine, Wifn and Natohiteches Parishes. o e R1:, n W i
... .. ... .... 7 - _- - - - -- - -l t i' l ,-t hI.'_ -t:- -E- 111.- -11 .
r.. VOL. fit.n Tn o NATCHITOfHES, LA., MAY 19, 18..
10 Haen Hreir. t it 4 insertilhon. l achll ub se
q ertin t. un - un= m n ! !n!! _ !!mF- -'InIm n r s ') t ntv r. A T Clintnnt fr the Clarke Great Salt Lake.
1MA.ILI.
AIlRIVAL.s AND I)EPA\',TURC.TLI
Alexahldiai to Natchitoche..
Arrirvals. D)epalrtres.
,,uend.ay 4 p. im. Thursday 9 a. io.
F~riday 4 p. m. iaturday 9 a. i.
Sunday 4 p. in. Monday 9 a. m.
Natchitoches to Shreveport
.Tesday 9 a. Ill. Tiesday 9 x. in.
thurslday 9 a. In. Thursday 9 a. ii.
Saturday 9 a. in. m aturday 9 a. m.
Natchitoches to Texas.
Tnesday 6 p. im. Monday 7 n. fm.
Baturday 6 p. in, Thursday 7 a. mn
Natchitoehes to Mnlden.
Tnesday 6 p. n. Wednesday 7 a. rn
Friday 6 p. Iti Saturday 7 a. ii'.
Natchitoches to Winnfiolt.
Tuesday 12 xI. Tuesday 1 p. it.
Friday 12 in, I' rilay I 1'. i.
AL. MAII.S (cL.osE T 8 A. M.
Office Ilours- - fio ni 7 . t. M. to 12 M.1.
'nd from 2 P.11 to 6 P I.
W. D. a.L:KIs.
Post Master.
BUSINESS DIRECTORY. Al
All N--Familv GroCet riES, C,11er l1t and Ilt i,
. St. 1)enis Streets.,
MA Y A ITIU--Wood- and lliarkasmit' \work,
SChurch Street. Cal
A PEl NT-The' New Stand- 'r tardtens' pIlt
. Fine VWine,, Liquorsand 'iearsf . St.)en. satir
A AL.IN-Restaurant, St Denis Street .
try p
ALEX . LEMEE-- Notary Public, St. Detnis a
Sstreet.
ILUDWB t[I IIn. W, A iF-\\Vidwtl rk ,lt|l -
B Blackst:thin, ('orner 3d and Sibley Sts
BRO)KS--RU; ts ;.pd lIstols sold, iumade and
, Repaired. St. D)enii Street.
D ILARDI & C(AM PIiFELIl-...erchandise and
Plantation Supplies Front str',tt.
IHA PLIN,CVNN' Nll[.t M & CHAIPLIN--At
torneys at l"aw, Waslingtol street. t
(OLEMA LBVY-f'amily Groceries and
General IMerchandire, Front street.
'ASPARI & I)EITRItCI-Dry (Ood., Gro
ceri a and General M\crchtladize. Sule
Agents for Strew Bottom Shoes, Front street. rt
ýGI ORGE GA.\RZ IIA-Family Groceties, untlder
( Manronic Lolge, 2d Street- n
FONTENOT-Ilaiters' Hotel--Favnrite
G. farmers' anidL tratIgers' Ioirt., St v.lli .
G rHEN -lhmots and Shoes made and r'tutir- for
Sed, St Deni Street. (..
G EORGIIE W. KEARNEY-- ltretrl'ter and No
tary Ilublic, Court ioluse, 2d street.
tENt RY UEN IS-Charter Oak Stoveas ndt
TI ''inware, Front Street.
H KAIFEE.-.Dry Goods land Groceries. Front
" street.
i LIT('llITNSTEIýN-t."ueral assortment
i.)lV IAr oos and. Grt erieis. F(ront lteel .
. lPEN rc. Sutrveyor St. Denis street.
SSiMON--Dry 'Goodsi andtl Grtoet'ies, Wasth
] " ineton Street.
I JACOBS-I)ry Gods antid Groceries, below
Sthe Dirt Irilgýe, ,efferson Street.
(dHN RUSCA-Dry Gntlds and Groceries,
t b low the Dirt bridge. Jefferson Street.
jNO..gOB & tCOt-Dry Goods anti Groceries,
Washington street.
JAS. GENIUS-Dry Goods and Groceries, co'
ose Jefferson and A mulet Streets.
J W. SUDDATH--tite Phoenix-Choice Li.
Jq ors and Cigars, St. Denis Street.
AS. M. B. TUCKERl-Attotney at Law St.
vDenls Street.
AS. KING...Watchniaker and Jeweler, St.
JDenls street.
DUJ. NCKLEIMAN.--Harness and oaddlety,
SWilAidgton street.
J. CTRICHEL-General Merchaudlire.Wash
Sington street.
. DUCASSE-General Assortment of Mer
c. handire, Washington street.
T H. STEPIENS-Lumnber Yard, lrterl I ,tItn -
". Front, Lafayette and Washington streets.
1 J. McCOOK-.General Wholeale and Retail
IL* Dealer and Bole Agent for \1 agoase, Wash ki
Ington street.
J A. DUCOURNAU-Fancy and Staple Dry
* Goods, Boots, Shoes, Hats and Clothing,
r6tet stoet .
SCARTEL--Te Gem liar Room, choice
SWines, Liquors and Cigars, Front street,
TEVY & PILLIPS-Full stock Fancy and
Staple Dry Goode and Grocerie;,Frout at.
SlUPLEIX.-.Land Agent, St. Denis street.
M 1ORS & D)RANGTET.--Attorneys at Law,
Ststreet, co .tier Trudanu,
M H. CARVERP-I)ry tGoods. Grocerita and
S(General Merchandis e, Front street t,
0 SCHAFFRATH-Boot aod Stou Maker,
" St. Denis Street.
O CAPMARTIN--Goneral assortntent of
* Goods of all kinds, Jtfferson set-et.
D VY'LEMAN - LTudertaker, Washington
P. Street.
POETE-Baker, Jefferson street.
. VEULEMAN--.-Family and Plantation
Groceries, VWashington street.
.IS.CALVES..-.Dentist, Jeffrson street
 ,BURBKE-Cheap Family and YWestern
.*'9rocery Dealer, Front street.
SP. HRUTSDON--Livery, Sale and Feed Stable,
A t,. Dents Street.
Q NRbLKIN- Dry Goodts and Groceries, Jeff
"ebfaMterest, below Dirt bridge.
AkRG-General Merchlatndiei, Plan
, aQflktSllm y Snppllese1t,'trit5et.
T intnastrorica, Wash
T ·ItLNfg Drlggtt antd Apothocary,Front
T A.LLER-Bctk's Brilliant Stores and
* Twtware, Washlagton Street.
T BARNET.-.Dry Goods and Groceries,Front
 TAU ZIN-Bllliard Room and EBar, Front
SStaeet.
Dt CUOMAX--Wholle and04 Retail Met?
* ebaut-,geeral asetment fo thlie trade
leet street,
W8r H JACtK--.Attorney t Law, d street,
l t dn ioosd SurTom,
Cadet eet, NEW ORLEA LA.
.j ICaendet stiesf, 'N-EWORLEANS, LA.
I,. C.t I'+P IIIt. .i, lr. 1 :LT CII.
Caspari & I)ietriclh,
tlarngte llUniling) tt
FRONT St., NATCIIITOCHIES, La.
/IANTI) opening of a NEW MAMMOTHI and I
17 Ptate
Ap
SPRINIG :ulill SI.3M EI TOCK, -
direct from the MNt' Orlean arid P.rster mar.
ket9, consisting in faart of
DI)RY GOODS, At
CLOTHIING,
HATS,
Sl
SOE part
GROCFIIEP,
CROCKERY,
HARD
W R.\IE, &c, ke. O
LADIES AND CENTS'
FURNISH ING GOODS.
tetn
In tact,
A full line of(G;(OOlS for the cnuntry trade Ilt
All of which they are selling at leas than NEW and
ORI ,LEANS PRIC'ES
FOR CASI.
Call and xalllilln the lar.gecst and most con P
pletestock ever Ini oght to this market and
SatiS:y yourselves as to their prices.
7 tilighltt price paid for Co.tton and coun
try produce, iII cash or merchandise.
March 2:,--ly.
Practical
WATCHMAKER, DRY
a --AND-
.Jewe1er. An
'o o Jeý71Teý ,ý" 9
Si Watches, Cloc'ks, and Jew
Srry cardefllly repaired and warranted. rI
r tandard TI li E Kept
and Wate.hes set and regulated correct
iC ly, free of charge.
A tine lot of WATCIIES and CLOCKS
for rale cheap.
(Otliee on St. Denis st., botween 2d & :d.)
%o Feb. :--ly.
11141
..Cot'
At.
Aof
St
s tore Tinware and l]iose Fa rdising
Washington St.,.........-ttthit)~e, L b
h 8oe agent toe the Unrivalled
cr- 1 BUCK'S BRILLIANT
St.
t.Gutters, Pipes, Metalic rooin g anid alng
as kinds repSta.g, done with dispatch.
- A iberal w e unt to country trade.
t.en Il oLA.irig StQ v esS. CF
ry Maurch 25-1"
liug,
Goice
reet, .
rct. e
II
and
i every ton in
Ithe onth for the
celebrated
i, JJ ff.
i H'EED
'.- SE WING
Machme.
Frent The easiest learned, lightest.unining,
- most durable and popular Machine made.
a and Received the higest award at the Cen
,t tennial.
-Special Iuducements Offeredi
Address
e W~EED SEWlG MACHINE CO.,
trade No. 182 Canal Street, New Orleans
- Feb. 17. ly .
JOSEPH C KEYSER,
Brtckmaker and Layer,
i !
stern A DEALER
itti PREPARD to d all work entrusted
I to him quickly and in a workmanlike
1 inmanner. Tomb Chimueys, Vis1.teuP. ffd
O i left at JUILLAR~le & Cbrate
, Lwillbe promptly atJeffded1o
I' " an, -^l_- "'°' S E W IN G
Itr e. IN
Professional Cards,
~He--------- I'
T mICz. EIl. .TolaO. lie
(Succetn,"r to JAt'tc ,r PIEIRSON) V 1
Attorney and ( Counselor at LaTw li gi
N.A'rCIITOCHEi , ,LA, But 1II
And
IW II. IjI act ice in tlhe C, rt dt Na tclitd nches. ,h
X tii ".t D esoto, ' ,, ,, 1|ih i W int aii. tles
tI A tiltrant, :n ..t in tite Sltprlt' e Court of the I'll rid
tate. Claiilts promptly atit'leud to. And
April 0 I°-7. _ . . . I'll slll
C. Chaplin. J II. C ull ll:ghAtnt. 'T. . hapi. i nd,1'll h
CHkPLI, cN1 MHA1 n & CHAPLIN ai'
Attorneys andl CouUnsclors at Ladw.
St. Douis St., Natclitoches, La. 1 , if
1, ptroctice in the courts ot Rap- iit s
Sides, (rrant, Win, $Sa;iine. lDesoito
Red River aind Natchitochles, tut!t tile 'The
Supreme Court of the Pt:ia'. This
Claitms promptly attended to in any Wil
part of the Union. March 25-- y I'll It
rwAn
]braTw. B. Powell
MEDICINE and SUIRGERY. Er
OFFICE on ST. DENIS s'IHiFET, An
NATCIII'TOCIIES, LA. It
Calls to tho Country (prnimptly at- My I
tended to.
R.frs to Dr.. F" .,,hni I... .S. St..phiins. . And I
iamlitn and G. E Giill.epi. \hMe rs. Imll to'd
& C; unph*IL Carver & T.tvlUo 'r, Ti(h -l & A.i' It
and I ol. 1. E. Hurke.
April 9.-
S;r ILTON A, DI NN, The
n Physician and Surgeon
' Tontgonmery, La. 'PI
Business Cards. tlii
.. . . ili 'li
C. A. BUILLARD. N. II.'AMPELL ('hall
Bullard. & Ca:,ml)b'll, rllig l
-DEA!.sR IN " I 1 I1
DRY GOODPi, fiery
GROCEItIES', lantr
IA Ill)W\VAE, rinsh
And General Merchandise. wonll
Corner FRoNT & LAFV.T'rrT Street, f igh
Satchitorhe.r, La relig
ETIGTIEST eanh price paid for cotton and ntIs
co[l n try produce in cash or incrchandise.
March 25 -lCy.
'i'e iin
Theo. Sohulnan, life,
S I -PE.LEIt i- kite
DRY GOODS', h rs
GROCERIES, an and
GENERAL MIERClI.ANDISE e I
Cot. I'RONT tld ~T . DENIS St reets t Ie
flilr
Natchitoches. La. t v
Mauch ,=1ýy. life
Poter VeuleOman, ftr
)IEAIEIi IN- -ini
the
FAMILY GROCEI ?1if
A full assorttnent of \VWALL-P.tuP R con' lie
tttaltly oln hand. lea'
Sgo,,al indutcenmt'ts to C.AII Customnets. ha
WASHINGTON STREET, and
Natchitoches, La. his
March 25--1y. the
it. 30t6 ý0t ==zE2, n ot
-dealer in- ati
&1OCE tIES tile
g FONT STREET, NatrhitoeleRn, Lin.
eT. . Triohel,
-DEAILER IN
La D IN- Lu
ibYu CGOODS, GRO('ERIES, HARD
WARE, BOOTS and SI.OEiS, HATS,
ETr,'
Highest. cash price panid for Cotton and fro
S. Country Produt"ee. to
Al al WM SI'INGTON, ST., sit]
. NATCHITOCIIES, LA Le
0C. Shafrath, "I
- Boot and Shoe Maker. ti
CHALLENGES the world for neatness pu
uand durablility of work. Satisfucti "'i
antd material gunaralteed O
Shop ln St. Denis St.
to
Oscar OC1ipii; thia
hlea
COTTON FACTHIR her
ter
COMMISSION MERC~4ANT, our
No. 45 CAltONDL LET ST.,. C11
)011
.hlv I -11' N v ()rle,-nls. wi
L. WALMLtLE' R. M, W.\1LM3I'LEY W
C. L. WALMSLEY & CO,
itil
COTTON FACTORS sel
-AND- j(
GENERAL CO1uMISION MERCIANTS. it
IPerdido St., New )rleans, La.
March 25-1'y.
- - - FR41
.A.:. EL, Lremee,
NOTARY PUBLIC. iIg
(Office under Vindicator Officei) II
ST. DENIS STREET, i
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
April 39.- iy. be
LUMBER! t
LUMBER bi
-AT-- t
Win. TRAMMELL'S (
STEAISAW MILL, Five Miles Seoth of
o Natchitoohbs:
d Is prepated to. funish at sh~t itidiek
%Blow cash" p"rices.
- - WMi TRAMMEla, g
1kb. 24-ly
Turkey Talk.
- I'm a raging Turk of the Bosphorus,
And I to after the llhssian Bear- .-Io
He never shall he thle boss for us,
By Allah great I satear
lHe's growling around as he always is,
And his men are ;cbross the Pruth
But I'll put a niizzle across his phiz tjt
And pull otit hit every tooth. aol
Bel
1 I'll raise aloft tiii Crescent atd Star,
And my iron-cl::uths out I'll Lha:: t,
I'll suinanon my trusty fashi Bazouks, I
And hurst his Protoceol.
!I'll block his little 'ountr'lge" gae, te
And his envoys sh,O'el ott,
SAnd give umy ships a chalnce for a bout ta
With his Aknir d Boutakoff. ti'
1'ni sifter those Moultngril aslire, it
Aitl I lucnl to gi\e iu rats, litn
P nd see lhow theyll smtand a do i f the 8i,
'lThey got at Alexinatz.
This hlig ll-tond ei\.ilizaticii iidean c
\ Will lnever go down, you semt'
ly I'll iurder and kill as I'vte alwys done ;
And that's \1 hIat. the uIat.tr w\ith ine. w
've stiton lthenttc !! y England and (,er- di
In the 'esternl questieioll" takes hand l
That neither dare play "altone.' i,
Lt- MJv Ihak is ll ! l'n off oln aI tear r!
ttNo more in theirt words I'll trnt.,
SAntd I11 have it out with thait blasted PI
hai' :
It's "ish her now or buet." i 1
,V. A l., tin Naw Ytik (:r:iGahie. g
The Hero of the St. Louis Fire. ~olid[att
[Front the Cinciinnatt Enqjuirer.] tdI i t
The lheo, this time, was a gmh- e n1,hk
h ler, li tanghl the sas be:ll l l dti~i s ailho
the righteoti teretirness, and tlh ut )pt
oidly Phla rlIet's se lf-.ae'rlt ee, anti pile wI h
I t'igotliho d of the lSoutherun otel' 1..d pr
tfiery scene, :nid with slu line gal lin I
rlllv and ntsnrplssed fearlessness, where
rushlied to the tesll ' of the ht elpl's ' lbli
women anll d chihlreni ilnt lisoned y' Vi cit
smoke and ntles. andl helpless froml "l T
fiight. The founlder of the Christian ,nhlic
religion said : "Greater love lath tno ei
Slilin tihan this, thit main liai' down I ohet
his life for his friendls." loit C'harley to
Tell'n was willing to tny dilown ils.' iant
9 life, not for his frt'i'ends, for they 3. n o
klew himi noLt i not R erely for st ran lln ll
gers, llt for those who would scor llof !l
to retogniie him on the street. Again Sita
and iagi in he rushed into the macl I Hla
stron ohi fire, e'ach time saving a lifi. . .
lhe had rei'ed several w1'omen ft O n Il pMIl
s the ijaws of death, anlld was look Ii ei h
for ianother to saive, when the Iad .ter itIliln
otl hiech lie dehi'eled for ni ow-n State:
the Inink of death. Sotll'o.ntion anti ICilte
fliites were behind I!i nt, and iorty .
' feet hteneathl was the er'.tel sidowhlk i city i
on i'e ct'rep llt ot n the wnihdow sill and .yin
leaped fr the nearest hihde:r His P,'vt!
e1's. htliiiis lhairely totci etid the '"runtilds," frot
and the casket oi that Ihtlrole irlt
fell forty feet -to death. Men slay isirol
this lifeo wals ot piropler, lut nluib their
the nieu wl.t, say So will die o nioble the I
a death. Diviner instincts cotld ithe
a noit hle impldlited in hol man bleast, htuaie
Iand teaming out of that terrible fire Sta
hite, tiose last t wo htoloe olrs of i l
the life of Charl'y Titab and his il
consecrated death. i
_ "lie warn't no saint, btt att Judgment
day 1'
I'd take miy chllnart ith Jiim,
Longside sotie pions gentleunie who To I
RD- wouldn't shotk hands with him." di
,TS, ---* a- co
The followiig beautiful extract is itf
and from the spleech of !ov. WVade liamp- fl
ton, of South '-tolina, 1on the o(a"- S
Siol of his reteption at Columbia. Slle
Let our own people profit by this
wholesonm e ttd'iceo: el
"1' wish to say to you, forget for grog
r* the next fitr years everything about sler
tnes polities,; Forget that you are Demo- the t
etn I crat3' ior Republicans and rememillbetr ecat
only that yio are South Caroliniians. two
i'o to building up the nmaterial ini- per
terests of the State, invite unliiigrn- sal
tion, show the people of the North eni
that we have no proscription in our of i
heairts ; that we will welctme hinm the
here who conies its a c'iten, nil Iiit- hidt
ter wl'at his piolities may he ; that we the
a' striving fior the t'ediemption of An
H, our State, inoit tfill' petty offices of gyv- ger
erinentt, and tlheu yiiu will see the r r
era of peace, and a uew vIroepbrity by
. will dawn upon South Carolina. La- shn
bl- )r will be eiployetd ; you will see sell
,51 LT whites and honest colored men pet
iut irovhtig, ha lppy, prfi osperits and
0 a, united, it you will only firget poi- tmil
Ities for awhile, and devote ,our- mi
self'to the great intelest of the State. th
You will see both races atnd ot.lt Ipar- of
;t,'s willing for awhile to forget the no
bitterness iof both past strife, and se;
t. ready to clasp hands a ,nid tiuove off
and lift tp otfr 0id State. Yon itll 'l
see cnpitill bi'ought itere. Ilnlnigra i n
tion will flow in, afild ylou will findl '
'ol r old State il e mrrnlt exe'citing th
tit co(tllrollintg iuthitetnice for good in
t the fiililfiii politics w hich s1io has Si
s log eijoyed anlfld hfotiorably emii
ffice) jloy di. I hteg you tlhe tf le till that
iecrd in the plast, to try ever'y mien Li
*in your power to cnltivate good will
between both rates and ptrties. I
beg y-ti'i whlte Inltt to show td
tthe t!oloied petlellt that \tliat I hii',,e
said for twelve .'ear+ is trtle--that A
you are the best friends tlle" hisve hi
this world."
lA farkey who was stoopiug to wash
Le his hantis in a creek, (lidn'L noticth
the peculiar ac!lons of a goat just be- o
of the water and was asked how it "4
,uth of' 'I~tif j bhtt 'pearedl as of do shore
hiilItf Itisted and ttow'd me."
1Mod" htf tal a goose stand on one
fItot Try it--that'a the way the a
Ir, oose. fiu mit , ..~
STATE [,oU1IV1I .1,
New Orleans, April 18, 1`77.
I'To the lion h. ('l s. 11 LawrIeic, -WatI\e tiIS. t;.11
Veigh. John M. thu ian, ,oS. W. Ilaw- o" t.11.I1
ley, John '. Brown
Gentlemen-1 have the honor to ,\\e I'
transmit herewith ait clpy Iof joint re- at J*ill
solutions adopted by thye (entrtal .As- ( Ii tot i
senlly of the State of louiLhinai. ;lu.1d\
lu so doing I desite tit s:y thatI
they expires.s not tlelfi V aih trai'tt Ilitlrl "
ideas, buti the conviction'l of our p. liet' (Orl
pIle, hitch will he ,li! ti, ally tex ct-i ()i'leil'
ted by theti tlrough their repres.n- Att'tal
tatives, their courts aud t heir execi- 1i teri'j
tive goveriliment. glittll i
As the ('hief M;agistt ate of the State gtotll I
it will not only hell , illy l lasn' but. illld il ill
nmy loun den douty to give e\'tIy is
Ssistalce in mIIy power letading to that sytts
end.i " ';,
I an. thoroughly satishied that ally WhiOs'- V
icourse c of politic al action traced on a St evM
SIItr"li'er line than the good of the protpert
whole peopleh, regaldless of t'olht' or laltlit'l (
c (onditit(on, Imullt il ev'italldy lead 4 to Ii ' lili a t
disaster anid ruin. .y t iewes oiln this Ipes, i
siihjeet weire fi lly stated to the l ti - ( i
Y eltitili by a hic'k I Wu oI llitatil't, I. lll't
and to the people b, a hlt I wasi'
ltht'etl, and 'v Ir'y tdays Ct"' telh'l't) ty. ' iThe.
torlilies lie it! the lelIef that a sol of' 1
c1 poheY founded oi tl hese plritnilihes ha.s a ti
must necess:Irily result in the itlainº- itlv" h,
,uent of the el!ds for whichh all just ire'ties
. gove'rntlll l altl;lre e stabllished. that tl
, I have t'arnestly so ltght to oblite- thenl'
S lrate the color' line iiI politics 11and lo i
ti olidate the ptollhe oni the biasis of stlts.
eI nalu rights aid conlnion it1. sts, " i
and it is a sourcel ofl t lat ilication to ;It.y i I
ithe nhIl tio say that this grt obIjeict etiaS
is about to he reallied. I feel I do t 10ooks:
Sbut speak the senlltimients of the ',co- l;tpti s
ipc when 1 declare that their go cru- eli J. (
mellllt will l'secure:ll '
1. A vigorons 1ad etlfhitiut uilfo'
el ient of thelaws, so that :Il l t rsone lere,
l n proir lertly will hc fully and eqlial- ,(lne ]
ilt p otteted, and should occasioin re.- [iss
I i Init it, I will proceled ill ptrson m rlit'e.+
htlere aliy. disorders Way nitirnace the has hi
public peace or the polliacal rights of two ch
Si lln citlZel. il
2. The establishmeitnt of a s\'tetn bf iia rii
in public educatioi, ito bei suppolted by lIkil
It equal and uniisrli taxation upon lhlikh
I llioierty, so that, all withoiut retgard Ell
toi Ice Ot r c ltlou may sect'is etqual ad- t!he y3
vantages thllielounder. y St
S3. The oatering of ininnligraltion oter hel
ii in older lk lhasten the developttient ('hirkl
rni of the ireat natural IesorceiCS to the , at
Ei ta'e. eled it
1 layving thi icillii t tetl 1i (r ov- . ,lt i
1111 llºIlClr
L :ti ieint i i lld peoplel to Ithese gleall. 111
i. plllincilhles, I desit e htl aiidI ti le 1ti . i l"5
States to their hlar 'Iic s, inistcal iof gilll
w. ia tin ilg l any di.tlu'lia ice of the r !celie Iher 111
okiir iay tendlency to riot or disrdt,, Il ucki
le will hlt the sourtle of prllofounlld gi ti- the ti
Sliltl ilnl on o ullr pteoplle, andll will e ail- b I il^gl
I, ceptetd by thelit as proof of the con- 1 eled i
i fide e of ti t ilPresident in htirlllt- early
tity flr tlrtlerly self-gove illiunt, en- arl,
nln t iig olllder the blotOlgs of tlDix Ini gl itll
i. Provideince the happiness ressitl ntig 1di
,qtht from a Government based upon lit) 9C4r0
ei erty anlidustice, the people of Loni- Vsite
i tisi clli Iannot fail toI oI lllreclaite that ltlso
their good fortune is largely ldue to then
sll lthe tgnaniniiis policy 'htb wisely Comin
Siniaguirated anld so cosistetitly tiU- Carol
iIt taied by the President of the United lr
lt f i St ltes.
his I have the honor to be, your obe- the
his dient sIrvait, New
FtRANCis 'P. Nillt LS. and '
Ient ... -.--  tcerta
No. 1143.] AN ACT Chit'!
who To prlhilit he keel;llef's ot Iar r ooi. Glil,
dlii kilig saliiusi gl'I geiies aii tist i
,oftieelholises frnll selling or giv- in the
ing is utox icatiing liquilis to ilirl , io ,
nd r to irest tilr a 'lt illlies for a! vi
ni- olat iou h llf the 11rotiSioliS lif this net. BUd
colr SrlcTios I. lie it -ihlletd by thle ieill
abia. Senate alitid HiloiS. (If iepliesilnlativts marl
of the Slltate of LoUlisiana, ii Genell'nti aco
tit Assembly CollnI ed, iThat no keetp- tiathl
er ofill a d iikiig s'lilnlli, rrul i, i' .
for groggery, c hoffee st, r ther, \t Itlace diso
iout itere lhiior is solul i' thle glass, nt- i
--- ~O~---- ith
llo- tile or gallont , shall sell or give intox- t!
iiiber 1c htig ilhlilor to 1ita,' jit's.oni under l
aiis. twenty-one years i o ag! , i , less the""
Sil- person plthchasing or receivisng thie visit
igra- said intoxicating liquors has been liT 1'
ort emanincilpated, aceordhig to the lairs iLl)i
oar 1o1 tIhis Statte, as heiil s ens it Itit
hiini the pri';,n , elllhg, aii dtder silein ly des
iiait- I li latieI', iother or ultlo t, dir-tcthigi t
it \re the sale to lou miiaudhe to tlhe said ililinli, ist
l (f Any plierslin ktpin. i hl ul 1 1',i g1o . ' i
gov- gery, driin ing sahlu tii, colic- -h-nste, the
tle r oht " 11r plae wIlil-re lit lr is so l untili
La- shall a iiItully mtdiii knowiugly giv't! or lit'a
I see sell any into:icatithg liquors to lilly tllt'
ie persn ulidei' the age lf ti t teiIy-oieu
an ' yeari, (tiltIary t) Itlioe roj i isi oi til
101- this ac 1, shalllbe dteiteill gi111" lIf a Ll\
nir- i deillieliol., :titl till totnti ic tion
t ate. thieretif, shiall lie ptinislied livy a t(ine Iciii
par- of int lh, s thl It t l iV -live dollars, h)r
' the noF more than fifty dot!ats, for ecicit iii
, an sepiil'tI e off'ensll the
'e o• Mhu. 2. lie it inrther enacted, etc., san
tiI 'T'hat this act shali take ettlct 'ioinl lie'
tigra and after its paissage, tOld all laws ill
I tin confliclt with its provisiot 1 te aut nh t
cing they ate heieby repealed. eht
ltt in (Signied( I.OUIS lIfdtI, C
e has Speaker of the I1ou11e of Represent- Ga
that (Signed LOUIS A. WILTZ,
meanS Lieutteuallt (1overuof and Presideit
it will of the Senate. thi
es. I Approved April 30, 1877.
ow ti (Signed) FRANCIS T. NICHOLLS.
iie Governor of the state of Lotlsiaua. ,4 1
--tiat A trlnt tiopy 'a
ave in WiLL A. Stoirod, -,ot
Secretary olf $tate. oio
o 1iWhen a man says, "Governor" n(ow in1.
' South Carolina it is known wihonu he
lIlt beal- E r. Bilt when a lriati say "Cul- tl
ie tl in a crowded South Carolint liar- 'di
-ow -t f-et-ex jept albtit live., and hey ale
duiit OJenerails."-orrisit'tOcuHrOl. I
A paragraiher says that there are to
- tin be banks in the United States w
on one having ladies as tellvrs and it iss(
ay the wondemft1 how quiek they chiange a -t
[$50 bill foE a goed-lookitg mam. I4
!A New Claimant for the Clarke
Estate.
M 1)i. ;AIN.' IllVAL-A Y. t'.N I.\1)Y
OF1 I.AITIM4IIIE I'1UTT'IN I ' A 'i.\IM. "I w
\VW e extractt the fillo it Il rather tho t11
Ma tal'tlllui story 'rou' tl!' !'ittsl)urg :bt* t n
('lr,,oiirh' of theI 4th itiat. las tion
t iu luody ill tliig tatituile ever taiunly
IICll'Il of that ('o)lilllitiSiol) lle' 14r swiAi l
' the corporation of thle city of New stand n
. ) lea'h ll , 1ug on
Aec.orilint to the BaltiIoVile leiet enl
-l mrC'ic'can tilie f it iinlls Gaines I it i- 11v a
gation is likely to be rendeil it- huiig I
ii o tIl bt. thIe iltiisi nlL of uilg watel, f
I1 ilhood in the case. Thei Aleric· ie I;i4lit
SSi'ays : ill ' po
'1t' ; 1Myra Clarke 1aines,, rhi:ir
, whose ' tilltests in tho eouirts fl r tili cnl
a sever'.I l millions dollars' worth ,'I 1tiast
eI i'rolprtY ill New )tleais, left by t att I
r Daniel Clark,have mal e ii her l le I .;1nai'm \ I
1 fitl iliar toi all rai.ders l of i l "e iM t I¶p1 t t.
o I Ur lie 'hliialit to at least a I ait t l Ih
44 of whiat sh4e conSiders tl liher pilo li tni in
ty. Th I stlory. aiS told by the cutll pai.
sOt oi Ich clailellt. altlholugh it a snl,
.has a tinlg'' of ro ati ! ce, is ii l, ih- .alO ut.
illy beli l edl by hit ,!ind t!he hj r,4
t paihs iuaterested1 ari San"'hint' lis ,t:'
that the l 'evelOl tilsllt3 111ia4ie b.y watci r.'
- tlhei will lead to iitat1)4 tli't r1- I ever
f suits. The story is a ollows: to ,' i
, "KMiss .Mili Cl'(ul'ke is a younlllg le'4i
,l ldy. ablout '23 Vitolrs of a1i, 1a11a tll V til
it cari S a livelihooi d b1.y pe1 lig ulllll i I
Sl hlooks: i1er thither. who l was t `n`s
0- titptist mlillister, it, this city Dal'u- \roughl
- iel J. ('lark by name, diedl of tihe S:ch
yelhlow fever iii New Orleans, even I
-where i hlie l 1had gone to loclk alter
I15. ;(life ]rolpeirtý' ; a it lbouit that ittle Th1
'.- Miss 1itt li was urnll ictl lialti- the )i
nuii (reh Sinice his death his widow hlive i
hie has had to 'support herself a.nd1 lately
of ttwotl children, Ia boy iild dlilghterh , hi ht
al1 athout siX years lafterwairll iC- fhIi
mrf iiiariied, her i'present lname Wlhitg s
BliCulkinghali, and her residlence ll t
ii Ellicott City. A few days ago tol t
. the young lady was aiptruuehed berg.
by a straniger, who iliquirell wheth- tly c
iu er' her father, lie. 1)alici ,1. ieat
eut (i1.rk, was inot ai lli itist iniis- IS ti
the tei, lind 'whether hei hll not tray1- t, sin
elecd il Nortl ll CarIolina and othir c!aas
v- SutlltlSleilr tates while a clergy- tctre
a 1 ila1. The firist qluestion the lady tindh
ih- ailsweredl ili the alliiriative, but alloh
444e of hi4llavelsl she knew nothillg, C.ar
of and 14 aid that she would consult )t,,is
,tee her mother on the supject. Mrs. t.
.'1 l-iuckinghnimia, laftter lcgh:ttltig Ar:r
i t- the tiUily bible, infotisrie her in tit
ac daughtelr tlt her tither had triv- shop
1- eled in the olthern States in the 1,
ell early years of his mnairried like ilººw
i giving places iAnd dates cores into
I ing itundinug" It it said; Witli thle strap- ket
lib ger's questions. The stratiger who "hil
.A- visited the tutilyN, and afteriards by
that. ilso 11', lilckligihiti's counsel, thllat
k' ill
t then statedl that lie was lione of a il
i ouili sioti who wel' ill Nothl the
1ied Cariolina and dttiei' States for tli
lhlurpdse of takinig testimoliy for E:
obe- the coriorortioi allld citizens of ill
New Orleans in the (thines suit, ('rt
,s. and while takitg \- idenee had as- .i
certainhed that a ~lld of Dianiel 1en
Clar'ke, wh\os e Culhtei* Mrs. tli
oIt0$, Gaines clainis o hle, was a Blaiit- tC,
4and tist imilnistet', wiho, alfter tlralveling 1Ale:
g in the Southbetli. Stlates, had filil- iln,
',ivi- ly settiledi in ulitinmore. tirs. let
S'i. IhBuckiighlani sta:ed that shit e 11)4I
the nIembers hearing her litusbaiil re- In
tils tmIlirk that lie had left holie ill hilt
iii il:l4 acoluit of ai dilfiulty \wit h his Al
ela- iither, whon hl riepretseltel ats i a
il, ii'y w~althy ilanl but iwh lthiad ton'i
hlaC14 disoiwntl.d him iieii sllle of' a uailrrel rail
it4)- with hutu (ilt accoiltlt of the ohl the
n Lm lihl'S isSOcliltiOls. ($i olic ot'ela- til
he siouh a shol't, dark-eyed VOllln
tle visited Clarke's thaniily in lilti
hiei It1o!'C dhring the latter's l1bsll'Ce.
la 4 4i4on his ret.tlll hii wiIe told hImn ie
a to 4jd" the striliige \w6nitiu, whomli shite te
ed by describit4ll miiiiltt'ly, and the hipt- .i
tring ist iniiistwer, itraiighltetitnli hiuiselt dh'
4,015, the lady hlhine1d to be lhis sister, jut
sod u41(1d thltit. hail 1e been hotie, he dr
,who \\oubtr ' c "rin h,, " o r".'r '-- r "
ive or liW ll. I nderstadlititg lhat ithi
. 00itV tathr o' hel hush isitii had 1 lisiw\'tf- 141'
'-oi ed the latter, Mrs'. ,U ' ,litghI l '
as on tever iiiade(i ai eltolt tt dtrin wi
S,,f a \who her ithter-in-law was Iri w~at K
etni ciainti shte had to his estlite. The ullS
illar4V, persoli ahbo'e alliti to, w1iio st
each cli nis being I coitlntisns!'idne lori' 44
Sthi e corloration of New Orlealis, is
I, etc, sanguinel tiat he ciii prove thillat
l 1', 1n lIev. l ):atiel l larlke was, the lihegiti
aIws it i Inate son of the inillioldire whon-d
estate has bieint decided liy the t
11 edirta t" s theli property of Mrs. h
resent- Gaines."
,ident A local jullysiciaill thits describes
the genuine Warbash ([id.) fever
.and agu: "It comes c lteping up
iiata. t fellows back like a ton of wild
cats, goes crawliug through luhis
joints like iroun spikes, and is fol
lowed by a fevr which hprohtibits
- the patielnt from thinking of ailly
, "Cl- I tlihis. It isn't th1e evei'y-dltlier
hin bir- day' kintd, hut gets tip with it iian
I iti his at daylight and skells in the
hey arw small of his tiack all night. llis
teeth feel just Tihoniot Six inches
ere are loiig. his joints woblde like a loose
States wagon wheel; and the shakes are
ma it. is so steady that he can't hold con
i ln.umge a -ersatoio except by putttinig iIi
Great Salt Lake.
W\V I , .,IN E:N L"IIt Ti'uV F's liI. NKS o:
Ir.
"I ,was somewha·ilt Ciliontl to teI',
thei Ihuiancy of these water, anid
P: s lll iii t iltle e adter itr!iig w ias floatt ir
:h r 11) lt 111 1 the!" ,int re'il. hl i s'eill a
' tint of such et.tremne ;uiytancy y is eel
tainly culi ous, and lfor ai n idill tire ii
'wiln er I dare sy pt i !': t. I oluhld
stand tit it;l ht wt ithi ou, nlt hOe nl. Ly
ing ill il,"y Nick I could keep both
f eiet entirely iout of tht; water, Iail'
iy a'nlA als to xtended x pW:d the e ,t ato
",ing I cuo ill heel) oth legs abtove,
watir fro li the ktd' eof jont, merel
I i padhling with Illy Imills ; in fact, it:
illy position it avt' Aillicult, to sink.
t wti:nill ig it di estiice was, however,
It diti iut intl tl lih s, .11 when o illtmy
h tllst the bt.'pi, i'in of the water had
a tennhey, w to tI"lir' the; feetl and
l., liglt up ill the aill, which l lnatn-tl l
SllIy foirced the; had fto rwad alect
ipt an 1npl gast stlr ain on ther
ie'k. Diving w ,s,.l- t I impossible,
t e the slightest drolp tof water get-i
I tIag , i !! one's oe s oCaIise extl'ellle
ilit as soh ias glass, a i t11 p iathered
ab out..very plenta'nltly for over' an
lnnr, t l,:ati.ng. ull? 1;l-dl!ng o its ,
t" uilrlfa c, ct vhli e.n i llnre ti lloly exl eri
It ii' ownlo itswallowed a mouthful of
º, \xatl'l'. T llhe most llr llscoi s tl l It di('illn
S- I ever tietedi \'aie nuectar to it, added
to wh'ichl is posj:sse(Id a Uitrn ing, acid
i pow'er that anlmst took the skin oIl
1 IliVy 'ml th, I tried l no l .aorl trc.ks,
;lind feel convTit'n tlht h: the strong
est swminlrer instl the_ woli would he
nt lable to live o t:t' thirty minilnts ilii
Iroi'ht we'tl h(I r iiin alt L :i,:e. ''Thli'eo
It silch ntuflltl l1 ni I I swallowetd wouli
i' even kill ai water butllllo."
Le The 1 ussian city of l)iiuaberi'g, oil
i- the I)niil, luISt betitt ilestinlt plaeo to
Wlivie in. Thle police of the town have
d lately hen etiiga d iI it Itootless ati
iti lpt to disC I;ver' the pie'petraltor of
' the cr'ime of Inf'antitcide Under tho
l' olohwing circllistnti"es: A lady,'
cg elos"'.y vteled; !hired ai pallic carr'iago
" in t~ e nellilihb nodll of the city land
go told the.driyer to, take her to Diiua
etI berg. She had with her it hbox secnr'
Ih- ely crd'ed, which she placei with
p. 'reat cirl In the vehicle. Arrived
Iu- n the town, she ordlerted, the driver
t- to stidp at a shop, and left the car
ringe to lmake, as she said, somel pir
Sr chases. As she did tnot r'etrn, the
yl dive'r lenteredl the sholp, aniid no
y' finding the lldly, asked ithe owner to
Itrt allow lliln to leave the box in his,
tg, chargeil'. The latter declined tli rets
tut il1iiltilit, ani d iat his elggestiou the
,It'. box was olpenll'd. Th.t. driv'er was r
ii-' hewihhdei'td, ai he fcihrt the policte
tu woull enildeavor' to IOnlpromistt himli
in the Initttr. In this dileniiula thel
t shoplkt,'leri who wais ev'idently a
the ilanlof resources, gave him the fol
i, lowing advice: "i''llht the box btack
'e5 into the ear2li'ige, drive to the intir
i ln ket il4cIe aun leavel it uillnltendled
ho while you get tillme ltiershments hard
Ids by 'T'hie ell:aces are five to oni
-l lut some hlliht-lineire d inldividlil
vl't will 'elieve you of the box long be
)t a foie yols return." Tli driver., toolk
rtl the hiit ,ind the box disappeared.
for ENCou.IA- NEWS.-The pilllid
of will be gratitied toile rno thittl lNel
it (Orlans Paic ltitl 11'· m t't!!iiLwanity
wl l .Shrtiv hlaiive a L f 'ice ait w1'rk
i'r- o ii Ahlexaildia tojiiri;l s o r
il1 lehiilia us well as fronm All-"iidlutia to
' wards Marshall. 'i'Tl cothp!tiif ,i\av,
lit secired the grii aled rilad 1south of
lig Ale.xandria, eitendin~ II the Atcha
, iyl- lgI, 4 n iiles .If wchich is g'raded,
it. letii it gap of t)0 iillles .betweeuld
re lll inesvltle and liecomte. 'heo wvork
in this guIll is light anl the comipany
r.ill iiltenlld gll aidlig at lee Ihiis wilt
give 6ti niles of g'idel road south 1 L.
l Alexadhia, a0d with Iite d50 muiles iof
S i i road gi ;itjed iinit'thi of Ahlea.ididthi; kili
l 1d llu ilte 1 (1 niile! df riioau rieadly tlel ti.
T l| i rails. Tluis lligli t i lit l t s ltop tll I
Sold the coiplaiut---iways unfit!tu.nded hi
itea fiact- ithalt the tine Is (If the ooad
mailn 4ts to e iat AlCh indi'ia.---. - . 1) 7'ihes;
hdti- * -- -*- - -
iae. A. Conlneetie(tl t gtirl wllo tfotli'l
him hers(elf ini tiilihitr tiit iiti itly tit
ilpt• a-liuti ride with ni yonta!ntelr
stetr, ick it ull, Ull litthtl the whitp 1 i
,, he drove liomie withbout hini.
the A (er'nian had some bhi ict & K
oIWli- put in his terlithootit \vhidow, .id
lia gh ,oi!ll iooli alter iii wh'it ,irpi'iz d hiiiuu
wVibut Kattijihit," 5;Iidl lutiis, "dot tfollish
Theli lit SS Iiii[ pii l' dhtte ghliss tilo.lst l'u
t' ibr u.l.lwt' i. l\er\i vas."
tis, is --.
t that '[The Louisiana divorce lawt~ was sit
I h e ndeiti- a iii t'd by the last legisaianruire I hat
alsol 4411'e divortIOWs ciilnot ti llc (I in
till (hth ed ilunil aftt, 41 juldgtuieiit ot sIpit|ar
Mi's. dered aind 4 'tLr veal 'ltli'hlSl Inroliln
_ dered. TI'li , oily e,:ueptioli to this :s
iii ii c ses of ,dliltlei'vy tr seiltteUi td
The Chicago ihini& s.ilt 'Willianim,
li u* (If Louisiana," has thikoted his wa'
of wi iit ( thI gobtl g~t1aI of Hayes. Who
h ri it is "W'illians 1"
i I] fol- - -.- o ---- .
o"libits Who inent 4 iames8 W. h V, eIi
moriit" utud Henry autd Susan anitl tsfuri'th a .
it, n thpired on the of 31Mac. Now iily
in i l body euii tiiantiftactue tem raith lt
t.i[ ous IFoinllesl, mr lake thei tfraid
a loose Thitre liare pIli'le to WIthoni thueir
t es are i-eighiilbi' tlitli |ipptear to be ireat
old c on- (,Fr thliat their otwn;. ¶hiis is ol.e'v.
• eiig ! able mote ipatLieCintuly wheut ihe ir,
htixi +, rrowivngf a chew ot tAolJ1'i4'Co,. "