"ýý,1ý ,ý r Ctt t' i ýý
11'1' rni ill :ta! ;nd tonue heIli(eve
t :l; t tlel II lf oritv of ripeni, 't lt .-r t of
Iklml c aIc in IC lliýiti a 'a ere "c!!:ti: t
1.1 by tl:' pnrest notji,. s iC in i.n ti,:i
ninpru a trl _ r'a h r.f.tt in II n StaT( I
ge, (.ClCCCClCt. To That eld.:l. ld nI :I
inean ý ,,f rcea hiicri p' it: i n rflicials
Criw )l Cein :" I ilnile, it w dQ ili<tinet
1'lli l Ii CI tl ld Ia't t e p'c C' enl l * ltCt
('irii') iionm v,- to : } i)ve lIeC.C re
, ianc',l h onl:e, the ,rokh of pnrle
h ViciC n i, oi. ll. t hiciC a.n hIot ~ st
and I. rC Sta'C" pretC iCT.CuC:t Eould
i' , at l  i'y : CI, 1 ,;n 'c Ilnrcil ill the
, Ivc nllrcnl' Cit L.niini'.i a (aiut; / /C:
/,:!,l nnil.r the plr nC t , ganireý C iisrtC
rCent rnio TVn ill inc I' nre mind ill
d niht. Th1 ' (.:'   of etxl eCi.ie,
ili'I , n. wan, tinrg to li:dl o l(.ll' c f f
ithe flr. ncPt State nlirial. the desire
folr pIen(ce and nil t. the, dc(nIger of los
in thei State i if , n (l"tin shIould
orent" now. are i itIho:t a ."l.adoIw of
,ealo,,, fior lheir nttIer a e : i 're worse,.
an inclilt to ihonest and honorable
advncate, of rtefrmn real and lasting,
in Itr'e ý:ove nieinlt of this State.
One pmpetlr "peaks of the cont of a
('C1ontentin an)d eleCtinon, andF thIen
InliCIv sclests we, "to.;t pnOTe it f:ir
three years."' Now, the expenlse of
innc iniic.. the , ov'erilniC(it m ,ler the
pIresenit C'on,:titntion fir that length
of time, and iti ich woli1 Ie .Saved
ini:',r . (iiew iand hnteC t (Constitultion,
x ill a oCiOn , it to a Cmillion mrl'e mICnCyl
than a Cn.('ivcntin and electuion woniMl
e .st !
Anotlher tIflls Ii, "CIf le ,i te for
peace, and 1 li IiItga.ClCCo e IC ,nterini
into a ! .;nli ir;l:1 ca nvas," i~h I n(
(', n it t in llT ":i l,1 ('.i t il n tIi s in 1`i
a'i way, :MI(l t that(. time the ('on
slitnti!nll contld he ratitied iitholi t ex
tria os t. It /: ftl lno wevi er. tlhat
tirCo i lectin ,i C ,),ll t l i kclle pl nce ill
luhlt ye,.r, hiut one of the i( t - ll int
vi.nions whih cn. ld he drafted ill
this e, nteinllated ('onstition nchl
lie qnnlreTnni:l eleitiois. thell : li e.
in ll' ah init the v'v er i(teIll'r of "prot , (.
and qoinlt" theme ,joiirnals desire. idi
which thlle prcent ('onstiitutin Iifai.
to a fi ,i i.
We find als . jonrnals that tall; of a t
desire. n Ithe pait of those wnho ad
voca te a new o('inrlilution, tio delfeat
Ce Pre sent Nicholn goviirnment-.- ti
piit in new mlen, &e. Now sutch talk
is 'erl'y feild e vs an argtnlic tit. i
tho.s Wiho ne( it ni4must iC ie rld cled tio
an extremity. 'Thie l.esenlt State adi
iniiistrlion. altlhoigh not destined to
eot a rely htiili:in t igDure in historyi.
is an honest one, and Ino maiIn desires
to ehai n, it. The idea with s us not I
MrS, i ti M, istr'uns. We are per
fectly willing the present State of
ficials shoild remalin iin office to the
crack of doom, if the najor ity of the
Incolile ,o s:ly, hut we are opposed to
the presint set nif olicllsi, or nInyi
other set, servini on under a Con
stitutioli wi,ieh taxes the people to
sustain them in so "h',lidng oni' a
alfni mii!ion a year mrooe than is ie-.
eseary. We know it to, he a weak
ness with sonie mii. and prh)lips th e
lItinjiil ity, to worship some one or an
oltier of their specis, hUt we are,
arn it may lie a failing with ns. nit
io that class. The lihanlliness anill
prospl ,ity of irr people, lhe pmity of i
onr ('onstit ttion and l'iws, are to .as
fatr more thanl anyi man or set of nmen.
( o\'einor N ichli lis [ran honest gen- (
tleninn, lbit ie tinhl no more hol.vly I
ulminh ar a d;.,'hCr.It ('instit oth I
than hle coohl fly. A bad law is at
had law, anil will work evil and ruin I
tinder an honest Governor as well as C
it wonhi, Tnirider a ilishontiest one. If s
those ICCIrsonis who talk so wisely orf a
ulesite of otnhers to "torn ontt" (to nse
their expression) the present Stat; C
eifficiils, will think for a moment nver
what we have said, they wunhl at
once see hiw unjust a position they
ale phn~ng even those they desire
retained in.
And lust of all conies the fear of not
being 'table to carry the election."1
What a miserable, cowardly, shame
ful admission to make! If we eulil
carry this State in 187li by a majiority
of 10,000 votes against the onmbited c
State and Ni1ional administrations,
what mnqt h:, saii1 oi " n manin in Lou
idana w ho , " t, a nt ii the conitest a
when tlie .la ,,i is striptiedi of all
this power. Why, we venture the
asserltion liat to-morrow, (at a) ,lee. p
tion) next day, next year, ten years ii
hence, the Democratie majoriry in
Louisiana will never he less than [
50,000. i
Ote paper tells us that, ithe Nich- h
ols policy, if time is given, will win ,
over the negroes." We nsnt say how- a
ever, that the paper is published in a fi
white Iparish, and the writer does not 5
know anything .ahout the negro as a
politician. Nicholls policy is just as c
likely to win over Radical votes from
die negro ranks as the Quaker style e
.f converling Sitting Bull and his Ii
Indians is to succeed. We do 'not '1
k-ow how lt is elsewhere, but hIcrei
the Radicals put the interpretation e
uijon the lolicv ithat Nicholls is H
colitg over to them," for they have d
i,,ot th(e li!,H, t ide, of 3,)in, t,)o
, ,l, r ·'s t,o ,fliIce, giviri _, RI:licnl
h f. i ,flic fll j!i ition a poliey., ik .i
tI u th iil :o t:ik of :.rd rt1 d. hIt
l, .0 ";' ":l!l, mdncloi,,str;tr 'd it i,s with
w out pilL ol r ( i' li , l .andl ihas notliin:
/. in it.
( a,,If:'i i a ,i1 ,od state for th1e-i "ra
soier," to ,' Ifl':, illd a carf ill loek
a:t th"It Stte \ ill conduince ann ha:(d
ht f : e,! j t' i ill L i'".L n,1. i't ai
I, u(.-(:fctr.1i , *,tii x'it , the lic' st(,
li, n, d tL.( lligg, .t al-cal hl canii
bfil, . s, thatr 1i11 ,'?ind r: 'al cI lairm , to
Ie i "l:'lli':al," itf 1 1ft to his ownl v' li.
i,1n. 'The 'l.hrtiol (f l 7; ns con
dlm.I ( on theI " holi' " t'' >o M nu t1:lk
0l ,f. ',i] if it hil not been tii1' five
alier tihi lt did nof t eili'ih the "hei l
uli chin mus.il'" st lo., the 1h) noctnt
ith 1) I otl have lee o'. atitc 1 ,
if there :t re ni t hl ttelr larg"li ilf ; to
oe 11'1. tL+ r w hho h ': ' set up opljl -
, -il!nn io a ('ntilt llft ill t'onVilI i ion,
- than \we l :v, m1 c11 ,1e11, nld we thini,
t we h:Ire -trono " them 8l, it wcte
, helt r tlhe:, t'a ,e1 ,i ering anld al
r Ilowed t(I, pMarty that ihldged the
:h people an honest reform government
to Irry lout that pledge, the flrst
step and he fomuldition of which
nlist ll'l c tl ily he all hon'st C('on
* t it t e im .
Sabine.
* ing inst.
S(lcvrr lhirtl hills. of iudictment
were foilid by lhe (c r;iull ,Jilry ; morel'
ifhan a'lny year since tlhe war. The
Scharges i'll e ' 'i'nrryinlg conclnled weap
ons, pn incipldlly.
fA slpirit of law adll orfder has ov(r
taken the good people of :1;iil e, :l1l
ilfdietme(.nts were founi d right anl
left.
J,. B. ;ni11id I 'ar n"d J. . Fisher
z'encwut of pnhl ici monie5. \'ral ndcn
"Snitlh. were ffffthi inlulictr'l lli- filii /.
is ch are+d with oli ii zlinZ (t) while
PI Ti i- Ireasui', rer. liii n o iith's u sif t
rcominl i while l School Trela'l'rer alie
pi.ltcell ait ~10.Olif.
t rle rncri i ai nl caes only w ere
Sliid at lie ju8t conllihMtedl l teri, tI
r'esulted ill convitll iions, rllld ione
I1. P. 1Hill 1.-q., c n sual, made a
, ''ll'int fight ,as I) l ti it Attorney, andl
irowneld hiinillf with glory. tutlr
Di t'iet Attorney. allthoungh n yonng
in n, will compare favorable 1 cith
any in thle State.
Judge David Piersfon, of fcours.e won1
l the iiº ini golden olpinions, ad1(1 his
hatlbit of close I'chnagiinr iln cl ilin al
cases, Ifknoeksl into al cokiefd hat the
Sspeciail pleading of the Attorneys.
,A large nrinmner of citizens were in
Sattendlance duIling the entire liCourt
week. anid iiii ll rlil intif rest was mani
ft.sted in all ]roceedinlgs.
(ro  l rei in t i lahl qulo: file woi'ri S
niade s;il hiavoc wtith the entitci e(,\.i'
Cirni ioweverc, is yidllinil lilandsoiIle
ly, whilllen nat will fhe airo rllant.
E. .. Uhrke's Telel'rra.
Mr. Ri rke tehfgralpus irs his emiihalie
denial of the wlhole cliargo milaide fly
the Sn ('orrespllondet, ,ild wiich
w, liihld liiig with an extpries
- sion of fUilicic opiiuion some two
IwV(,V si line.
Wo talke great pleasure ir n plinlish
ring, Mr. ui ke's rfiltona io of the sklin
der, and we feel aos-uin'fed hLis frieliis
'iand i is fellow Democ i atnl s every where
- will lie pleased l to kiow tlh c h oer
.want o fnuilllltiolnl oir' the slitiage
iaolifi lie was nenued i of ising. That
Major l iuntlie lias dione gildl work for'
f the ciiiai, iin leoisi.ii, wle well know,
a aii our people loltok hiis class to
stnd finri, nfit onily ton tlhe sllriig
of their rights, n it in l he ii llnisi h
rIlieit of tlhiise who ihlive v'iollatefd the
laws of tile land. ilrnors. are rife in
the couinitry that high cflmhils in the
Dem lolcLtic party are wirioki tg tfo e
cern a nist .!iil fir fells ind Ander
sol, or their aeqfrittl, alii the piu lic
miid is Imuclh exercised thereat, hoernce
the hilportaience given to the gSuin's
charge againust Mr. l ihke.
To Editor ViUdieator:
Please say to .yaur ie,' rldel tirot the
Wasllington letter to the New York
Suti, Sen tetrlber h2iil, w, ali a so
Irte fibrieation. Assertiois COlecnln
ing myself are malicions lies.
E. A. BUhIKE.
The Democratic leaders refuse to
capture the Senate "because it would
not bie fair " All along the line we
see nothing but idiotcy or nonsense,
and until the Democracy utterly and
totally repudiate, disenrd and elect
to stay at home7 its Irresenlt cowardly,
pnirile leaders, the party can prepare
itself to remain out in the cohl.
It is our firm convictifo that the
Demlocracy is the pirty of lhe chiiii
try, arid we ore eqiully firmi ii lhe
helief that it is saddled with a set of
leaders as cowardly as ever dlisgraced
aiy party, aud we can never hrpe
for the success of Democratic ideas
so hug as they remain to the front.
An army of three million Demo
crats wants but aggressive leaders to
win. The present Imilksops don't
even know how to sleep on a battle
field after it is won, as witness the
Tilden stampede.
To those who are sutiteriag fronm gen
eral weakness we would recomend the
Homo Stomach Bittcrs, as they possess
those properties so iccessary to regain
health aud strergth I
\\. kniovl"' of a nlr!e:lnt i, this city
who has advaned i5151 pounds of
narLcO per ,wee.k Ithi seaconl to fat nl
t rs. h .hiles 21)0 hat rels of pork. Let
is say that for twenrty weeks this adn
vanle has gone on Iand ie haie 3:0.Ittl
poind,,, whiich at 13 cents is ý4.50II.It0
and the 211' harrel of pork t:4-III)(
Smore., or ..30(I in all. To pay for
this ,went it will reiltire 2l1' hales of
n cotton,. or fully two tif'ihs of the en
tire rtecrip'ts of that n111rchlant, and
Swle do) inot in lthe least dolht thait this'
twoi fifths of the crop is a fair average
of the arIotiint of eotton that goes
,eatly fromt this parish to pay to the
NortI he(in titan for inelat .1lOt(e'.
f Will any ltrm(er he 1".ind enongh to
.hw 0s' ii ligi.zres where his profits
inte' ii ? liere we have the fin-st
c'oitltry ill the worldl and we prodilner
as )muc'h per a('re of paying prodn('e
0a ainy set iof fair'ers in aniy 'cointrtiy
antI 9i5 Io'r cient of thiose who foillow
the plow arei flat broke -still they
farm . antd still they bay meat and the
end of each farniing season is the
sareL--uio money, all gione to pay for
-- - ,-o * -
t lerksphire hogs.
SThie de!Ind for Ib'rlkshiire boar hogs
- in this parish is steadily on the in
ciease, and we are re more than pleased
to chronicle the fact. We believe
that IMr. Joseph lltHenry is breeding a
n a:liner and lie has, we uilnderstanild,
i'lst ;cddled two fitlte sows from Ken
t t'l, v to his ailready fine blood. Our
fiirlnelrs are awakeningili to the fact, a
Ifact alp :irent for yeai's. thait there is
no ptiIlit in cottoii, nliless they can
Iprodlne their own col'rn and mealll t.
The l;ellkslirie breed of hos crossed
heanvy mneat hogs-- averaging full f00i
poinils. at I2 months.
rPrevionis to the war 'Mr. A. Lecontet
tested this lired with oiln' native
Sstock and prodniiiI pigs wliich weigh
(]d !ii pounds at :3 onllha.
W'hen c 1i N:tehitocheli prnd ices
iher own pork andl acon then will her
farmers have mnrey: thl-a: will her en
tire people lie t~ i 'n ('niiiil happy
ht so long s continue to hty'
Ibread in St. Laois and meat in ('in
cinnatti, jist so long will this cry of
harld timies continue.
We 1eg toi state, in order to enlihit
enit or nable contellprar), the Mans
fihhl Breporter, that the VIXlctc.1T)IO.
has alvways been in favor of the puin
ishimnent of all eriminals, of'both high
and low degzree; hence its st.ind nilli
regard to Wells and Andiirsonn. It is
nlit our dtesire, nIor the desire of any
of thie gentletiin who honored us
with theiir olpinions on the uii',s
c(lhai'<g"., it) "hnitit doiwn Major Ilrke."
'The tNioir.TroIt has always enldenh'
ored! to s() cxli'ess itsc.lf as inot to le
iIlila ll llelstii,)l , al1 we are sorl)l'ry the
ilrpoa'cr shloihl c'hiiige its with a sin
istir tiniiix'e in g\iiing jirhlicity to
tlolliions .if leadllig atin hIononralhle
PeItli( emit'l ii on so serioit 1 tim l t r t is
ltha;t containrel in tih c(harge if the
,un againtt- . A. .lirke.
Meet1ing of fihe Bar.
The llar hainlg h('(n llpllri, oil f
the fact thnit I.). I. tiorhliil. the no
tiiotis lhg:tl huitlinir, hate I'ritu Oilta
(,hitn, was abiiiit to settle down tlot
ihe poor en -ca ss of Natehhitoithtes aiil
had siughit inltrodiiction to niitmibers
of ollr Ilegal pl'ofessiot, lIiet at 1i M.,
yesterday, (Flilhav) lid lI'eso/rcd
tunanimuous.ml, "lol)t to cx'tenth to tlhe
said 1). B. C-irliamili, any irof.issioiial
ir snci;il cou, tesy, oil ,"l tollnt if liiis
iast prfessiotinal itiscontidnct, naind
notolriiusly badl persinllal clnhalacter."
Collhalrn is the ft'llow wh\\'lo rIi for
l)istrict Attollley i ili this I)ist'iet, anid
in soiec other ill 17(i, nitd is the
wretch who drilled and piacked the
wi litnesses in thie nifoiioius Pinklslon
case Ibefitre thie C(itgrcssional Coin
niittee in New Orleans last ninitei'.
We hIo\e too nlany of Giirhanlh', sort
here llliealdy, and his advent can on
ly distnrl the peace of the parish,
atit result ini troible.
...-.= B* C- t--
DeI)nocrats, "life long and true,"
are now cniiing to thie fore. B. B.
Silnms is thle latest edilion. Is there
no possiilo way Iby which the pIro.
gressive Demociracy cain sclrillpe oft
hiese 1ialrnit iles ? WVhe li a Demo:
crat tll this way whispiers Simms,
every one looks aronild for Watlmoth.
Groat God, don't ehlct Sitnills to office
as a lifo long 1)elnocrat-pitt hiimi in,
if you will, as a "Liberal," but we
Imost seriouislhy olbject to the Demiio
ciratic party of ito-day aslisuini g any
of thle reslponsibility.
Peculiar A,~:·r l tnent.
Thir'e are somie pcaliiriies ahlout
the iissessincents of prolperty in this
Ipauish thiit w hio niot exactly unhetr
stllanI. 'rThese peculhirities do nolit apliplyi
tli the i :Isses'ori or his assiast.alt, fo)r wi' are
pblisetl to kiow thliat IMr. Letscner lis
clhltrgis his dilties well aiti to the satin
f:lction of all those who aire willing to
aftlix an equtialhl valuation to the'ir pro.
perty. The particular peculiarity is the
\value the partics in inuterest give to their
stock andl land.
A mnle for which a party will refuse
$125 he swears in his assetssilent is worth
only I$40. Another pays $10 for a horse,
aln oni oath three ilays aftter valnes him
at $30. Landt is assessed to-day at $1.25
Imer alcre, and sold by I lie owner to-wmorrow
at $3 per acre cash Why is this thing
thus !-Claiborne Guardian.
-~~ .c----- -
Lf" Get your printing doue at
the VINDICATo-3 Job Ofice.
oubllic Rewards and Puniil4nents.
ty 'tndlr this caption the New Orleans
of Daily Ite, furnislles its re:alh.rs with
- a strn at tileh' ulpon thie sp'eediy legal
et conviction antd moral ostracismil of
1" those \lho have Continitte(d crimes
It) against a colnlinUltity or adminilistra
Stit) ln.
III Tile [oit i (clinets in st rong language
i the article wljich appeatred in the
of VrsI in.\ T int: of tilthe th inst.. in the
l- sam e line, and we re llmore than
id please'd to note Ihat that alle daily
. ,jo,:,ail has "soundedl out" ag inst
(, itl,. ne eilt. policy in this State ; a
Ps po;icy tlhe end of which, when ieach
et , \till leave uIs nothin g but moral
detaucher;l and degradation.
In W take hleasure in piiing lt'
is ino ly : tice' of the 1/cmu ill full :
st "'()One of the ulrest indices of a
e healthful'i. mor': toiu(' ill ;a connulln iity
oi'r It iii i lti.ralion, is Lhe sU'J edy legal
Sconviction oll molral ,ostraci(sm with
- ' hwich it follows tl a timiaks its ctrini
w inuils. The tmoral anid political rus
V cality and clinit is Iblighting in its et'
'ficts upon colonuinities as well as in
e dividu als;:l and whoever fo.sters or
t' tolerates such lissocitiotln is . n enii -
i emy to the best interests of society
lpolititc tl and social.
The' Net'mItesis that has overtaken
the pj.ttltdei iig ~ ontdlrels who. doi
ring Ralhical rule, lid sway in South
s Carolitn, has elevated the moral
standardl of public opinion in that
' State to a piiint where, in the fulture
as in the long past. moral and l pmliti
e cal legeldeuiini will not he considter
a ed fist qualities in selecting men to
re(presll't honest onstituenciesi. Not
so with tpoor Louisitnai! On herl has
t- een brought the disgrace of select
tr ing her :agents from lithe canip follow
a (is of her plind,.ring fles, who covert
is t asn and frand had planned and
a ided to execute the direct villainy
that ever )blasted a people's hopes
M1ten to be the agents if the State
-d iho have diefrauded her : to stanlll
. hetween the peopleh and their ti usted
let haders; ant d between tile State and
it' ttgenteial govetntmunt of her alle
gia'nce Why is it that the Hayes
e :adminiistration ?houhl dare to insist
c. upon blitng reptit,:eented in Louisiana
b iy Win \\honl, after a lifelong ex
i liencei, our people believe to ie
dishonest and mtcsernpulous political
Sric--tels : :and wht to-day stand in -
r dited or char.tued, on infiormation
ifrom the lgrand jvry, with fenonious
c- limes which, if proven, will send
then to the peitentiatry, and if not
i prIoven will blast thelln flrever among
all tihonorabl, li ople. W hy is it thatli
f jastic' sle'ep so longll over tIhe past of
t('elle of sull Imen in Ltouisiana ?
WVhy is it that their co-lahioors, for
se eu d:! admtlinistratin,, s back, still
hl,! their p';o.is undistl-rbtd ? Wihy
i,ý it th:it such tti' lcr-footed ste lpiitg
I ir nl lk theI alininistration of rdllee'ln -
I ed lito iiana. while tihe noble Il[iamp
. ton. coin1, inl ;and discreet. perlnits,
Itand hinders not, the inexorable nist'Sl
s of 'o hinest land inflexible admin
I istaition of j;istiee to snoround and
is strangle every squirmilng culprit over
Stalen by juist punishient for his
ts clint's r
\\' Why have thoset who have striug
.ilthd wtltwn th'e glm was ideepeslt andi
t I lie lltek f'itur o ativ'e no promise oW
itwarilin tlne . I'n oti' another day,
, wheu tith'e ]u el nt and 3ield in'.z
tcried, "make te'itms-it is all lost !"
whyi have thie faithful, the earnest la
" riiiti s, hett, ii titluTied away to make
SIlotii f tihe traitors, Ihe toadies, and
: I tln t itintl 'iS wihin o ever crow slist
ily t'r the' victr when the battle is
over, aud there is nothting to gain
Sfruli the valollquishe
I it t'eause the loayevs pal icy, like
the IIlyes ina:igtiiration, has its basis
in dicehio nt aiiih fi';tld, and lhecanse
the iiit tor.s toil fill,,wers of that
lni . Yottothiz'e wt ith it or o too
u. sk to oppose it ? We await a so
lulion.
\Ve sl:itk only in thie intrest of
S thfit 1utihlie v,'i't e whith demanids
aconm tstu inl the .sc,' fp hlic fa'
f ir tto tall citizen,. It is not party
tdivision ,f spoil wte 'all for, it is
what thie putlic goond dhmlinds that
hoetst lnu whiP hev shown a wil
elinglnes to sale sneiFice of liivate
Swlfari' and hTlve it e sht for public
good, shohil nit le plated helow thel
Spolitical trickster. Rewardti should
be givaen whe it is detserved and
puliishment shod f tllow crime, if
Spthliec virtue ist valn:ile, and public
Scrime is dangerous to the welfare of a
State.
n Workdngxmen's Party.
We are informed that the Radi
ecal leaders of this parish contem
plate the formation of a Working
man's party. Preliminary meet
tings have been held already, and
parties, not hitherto in accord
with the Radical party, have been
invited to attend. The party pro
posed is, of course, the same old
athing which has robbed, plunder.
eed, and outraged deceney for
I eight long years, in a new dress,
and will not likely capture any
one except some old chronic office
hunter. It will meet with its de
served fate when the ides of '78
come-defleat and disgrace, to all
- that join it.
Personal.
We were pleased to meet Mr.
Joseph Pierson, brother of our
esteemed friend and fellow-citizen,
Judge D. Pierson. Mr. Joseph
Pierson has returned from Cali
fornia, where he had emigrated
in 1874, from Red River parish,
to escape the persecution and
hounding of Twitchell's gang, 1
whom M~r. Pierson patriotically
and ably opposed.
We are glad indeed to welcome
such men back to our soil, for
they are its vigorous and manly
growth, and the future prosperity
and greatness of Louisiana de.
pends upon its aggressive class-
a class Mr. Pierson is a loyal
member of.
JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
I,
Estray Notice.
if \VI: taken up and estrayed oin the
17th day ofSeptmitiler, 1'77, a certaiin
itton (ray .nle. abloit 7 years old. Irand
edl on the left thigh A]. lesidener 1".
mil's 'iest o0f lthe city of Nattchitochs. ion
the Mansticld and ('ranld Ecore roald.
JOSEl'll \V1:WELSH.
ESTRAY NOTICE.
I IHAVE :taken up ald estrayed one'
t Iblack and 1White .,pott<'d 40x, hranuled
a on right hip II. Mark, one split ini each
car.
- . 1.:l.NES:T IHREI)..
SIIHERIFi I  SALE.
\Vrit of Fi. Fa. on Twelve Months Bond.
I) Y VIITI'E of a writ of Fi. I'a. issued
)| hy the lion. Parish Ciourt of the par
a ish of Natthitoches andl l to- ile irecte.l,
Sssiidl on, a twilve uionthls ,bond of Aill
h broie lI,.hli.ux and Marzeli, )c.hlieux,
a .1dd and authorized hy her hutshaud
A.\lexamlnr liblictliix. in tiIor Iof Aaron
il. i'iirson, s, ndic of the nreditors of ihe
siiu.ession of Jean IB. Clout ier. sr., hlc'd.
I have setized al l n ill otffr for sale to
Sthe last a"nd highest hiddtr at lit, door
Ssf tlhe court-house in the city and parish
iof' Nathitoehes onti
Saturdal the 3l day (/of .'oriemilcr, 1877,
the following idescribed lioperty, to-wit
1. A cert:iini plantation sitiuated about
. seven miles hitlow liti town of Natchit,
tles, on both sides of Little I1.4d Rivetr
and containii g about 471 siupericial ar
ltuits and being the samen acqinired fromi
.1. J. Lamitbre by public act on tlit, 20th
Notve'nltir. 17'-27, \itlh all the buildings
and illlprovements t hereonl.
2. Another tract of' Land on the right
hank of Little Riiver descending,. cr utain
ing albout 211 44-100 arinlits hounded Ie
low hy lii the tract lllabove diliscribed and
ablove byl the land deseriedin No. :, the
fillowing tract, with all the ilnpiove
t ments thereon, thell' anie anquiiried from
1 J. II. O. Rluind by public act on the 16th
February. 114G2.
:1. Ainother 1trat on the right hank ides
cendling saidl ri'ver inxt abliove the tract
I .describe' l in No. 2. above. co' taini g
about 117 ,:-100 arpients.. inor1e Inlly des
1ribedll in the i\lvelltory, andiil the sae ac
iquired troni hio.cpili .illini liy public act
on the `'.2d ece)iminlher 1s.r.
Also all of thI' o'tiiit growing croips
t of cornll and cottonl oI said pilaiitation or
,tlr i it of l ', nd.
s o I e plantation. t si e ani
'hii , :lhiii ri'ded I iuve stl izeh l tit;l w ll li ot'
Term.s ofalnt :
c(.\slr . in rhadlor itith ey wit-hout the
heity ;il 'l"il of ap astei. t litoc o
D. .11u l iob LLT,. J.77,
Sept.",) Id.. s Sheriff.'
tIiIERIFF I , SALE.
lJohn Sfi ster vs. ranl'lk Mitcheitl.
A1 Y VIRTiE ofl a riitl f seizure and
1siv il in tile llshi e enntitled sit lanl
nto ie directled, I have seized and will of
fr ilt sale to the hilust liand highest id
CIer, wit the door of tlt cour llit-hou in the
city and parish of Natchitochcllls, on
Saturday Noremnber 341, 1Q77,
th f~llwing descf oribedr iproety, .-wit :
A to rt: lin It or Iarut. ril f lld sitof
Iated in the plrish i of Natchitoches. State
of Louiiainal , and slting all thlat portion of
the souti h wet ilf rti'r of .Ocltiobe, 1ler
sevtenilr in township number ten, range
nluthlhr i-ev.en, lying; south of Bayou
sil (i) x, t. d containiniii g trone h illlired
rs. a imlort-e or tless, oat-s, hr with all the
hbuiils il and :1 iinaptrovtckitis tlhereon.d
Telirn·s of Stale :
C'AS, ',ih the hentlit of" aplpraisimii ent,
D, 1I. OI LLT, ,J'.
Septl. 29 tds. Sheriff.
SENSION STI LE .
Succe'ssio, of Tl'lhlin Taddl, dec'd.
l li virttine of orln i issned and rlsetied
sihe on arish ircf Wiin, Stant of Louisianr,
I will offer tor sall to the Int and hilt h
file st hi ,pr, at io near the illreit i t to bCles
office idn te sday, ost da f Oisober, 1877,hi prayer
ailllb i de.rihed t of laud,
sitated inss the Paon.ish of NAihitnces. Par
State of Louisiana, ll 1he south sihd of
.John iver, in tsihl. Jones Jonson,(7) ralse
six () wesl, eontitl and hree hundlired
sfit, and t ,o ne dirctedli, I Ore sreize,
and wilhl ofer for hale to the asNorth and
hiy Restd idderont the t ear ofh thn ritr
Hposte i, the cit ld iih of eare osset.ci
Telrms of Rale :
CASH, -sublject to appraisemenlt.
.. LEONARD ULLARDD ,
Sept 22.-2t. CoAdbini, ard 1.
Sccession of A. . Prceieson TaS., nlcn.
ULI virte of an order of thaving aplioned toe 1
alppinted oudministator tf the sPeris
sion of Mrtcellin auzin. to note is hresed, I
wy gi ell to tall whan it higyst bidcer to
at thile Coir t Iosi! dooret in the Clerk'sity and
Tofcese in tien days ofherwise his prayer, 87,
A cwill h roane ld. t knon a te
Wittes trthe HIonlte. on the i oUst, Par
oie of Mr. W II. TUNNARD n
St .. 2. i. LL Clerk.T. .
COhITIBLFF'S SALE.
JState of Louisiaa, Dist Ward Parish oft
Naihioshhes, 1st Justice Cort, No. 7.
E.Joh R. CockFaris vs. Jones Johnson, et als. 12.
I Y virtnue of a writ of Fi. Fa. issued in
in thie above entitlled and numbered
ed suit and to me directed, I have seized
and wiill offer for salet to tile last and
highest bidder at thile doolr of the Court
higqhest bidder at tip door of the Court *
,Sutn!eflel, 6th. duleof ()ctolc, I!~--/,
the hillomin l desril.ed tlpo ,,rl . to-wit
A e'lrtain tract eft' lail t or ,!; i titn in
thi parish of Natehitochel. hi i1n a
fr-nt oln Little 'i'1 Atlih.e Ri'ver. tolillded
ahove lby lands .eloliging to W\l,,r ,1,
1. (C'omnpere, 'ilh all the dtlth Ithereto
l longing, contflincg Three llulnlred and
Thirty-three :nul ne htalf arpent.
1.s4o a erlain tract ti plarcel oif land
situated in the lc+tri.h of Nitchiteihes toi
the right hank i f Iligoll.t Itf o c.lle . at a
pll ' " c allei l'Petit l'h'erie, eloiu.i ll :ilto-ve
hV lani , i ,l ,.-Qli g t,, .,i tll lalt ti-t 'i'll
dhomn ,ic e Ion iti: ('alih,. a dhi biilo - liv
lands of .\ntli'te I'rdhornlne alid wlfi'.
ancl Iby hluls clatimed Iby I)ominizlnte
Itaelal, acetluiled hy Theoplhilhe 'rui
dhitilrne from Aetoine 'l'tlholncine and
wife. b,%' Act passed lbcf-re C.'. E. (;re
nullix, on the til day of A.utgnst , ItI.
and hcy Act .th Ii of I eWl ithe .r I-., p >
ed hietoire T. 1'. Jones. which slid traet
or piarel of lad cnliltaiis Six lliitndred
and Forty lacres, toether will all the
hildings land iprov'ments, itld alppecr
tiah ce thllle'll ron I loli 'llgil/gi, t i in all y.
8'5is4e apltrla i ll i i:...
Term' of Stile.
CAS.l--wilh the h1neflit of alllpraise
liieiit.
D . 1. BO'LLT, ,In..
Selet.1-tdI. Slierit.
SIIERIFF'S SALE.
(. M. Bayleyv & Pondd,vs. Mrs. Julia
listrict Court, Parish of cNlLchitieches,
Ne. -. 93.
I ) Y virte of a writ of Fi. Fa. iissued in
) the alitove' entitled iand llillunhlered
suit and itol Ie direclted, I have seized
and will offel r for sale to thill last and
highest hidder, :t the door of ithe Count
Ilouse in the iparish of Natchitochcs. on
Saturday, 631 day of October, I.77,
the follon icg deus'ribed prollperty. to-wit :
A certfainl tract of land sitmuted on (O
River in the parish of Nattehitoches, con
taining about On, Thousand arel, lllre
or less, together with all the buildings
and improiemuents thereon, said land
fronting on Old River, and bounded
above by lands of Louis Marcy, now
owned byv .1. Hellen Snlith, and below by
lands of lien l'radieu. excepting that
iportion of the original tract sold to Ster
ly E. Russ. on the 29thl day of iMar ch,
1875, iand ecntalinhg aeeording ta ;id
Act of" sale (lue IlInildreld and Fortv-lfive
acres also foIilu' Muihs, :il one li hird in
terest iln so clres of ilcotton, and one
fourth iterest il 5 acres of coirn girodi
hy Biuinel Iohnlion: also the onel-hailf
ilterst ill 7. acis iof cotton. alnil tihe
one-half ilnterest in 410 acres of corn.
7Termas (" pale.
Cash-with the benefit of appraise
liniint.
Sept. 1-tilds. Shiriii.
SlERiIFF'S SALE.
Milgloire PagIier vs. Mrs. Virl.hinia Bt'
sier anid J. Jules lossier, her hIisband.
District Coeuit-No. t4lj1.
I)Y VIRT'F' of a writ of Fie' i i'acia:s
I) isnedI ill ilhe alove entlitleed llcd
llllnumbereld sit and to mel dilrectedl, I have
seized and will osler for sale to the list
andl highest bidder att h, doorhe of the
ocurt-lhouse in the parish of Natclhiteches
Saturday the 6th day ef Oetobcr, 1"77,
thel fihllw'inig des'lrihed lproperly. to wit :
One house and lot on 'I Touline street
measuring lonei hindre feet fre o llll 'Tol
lihe street and rincning back feti delpth
eighty fitt, hounded nor h by prIopIerty
of W. Ii. Jack .' nd stie5.s.ion of s. 3M.
Ilyuins. cel the west hy lt holhiunginig tee
tlhe tateof S. Mf. Ilyaciis. emst Il" hit of
W. II. tick and soith tey T'iulice t ice t.
tegetelitr with all the buililings unit iin
le'iV cliltllits tJi eon.
CAS.l-with the henitit of appraisemnint,
D. II. ItOI'LLT. ,Il.
.'cpt I - tds. Slierilt.
NOTICE.
\OTICE is horeby given that 1. Mat
Sthew AM. 1)ugzan. of the parikh of
Sabine, Louisiana, have lost two Mort
gage Notes of the following description,
to-wit:
Said notes were dated the ll1h davn of
Novnember. 1875, and exe'u)ted by .lam;es
I. ('alidwell, In favor of the said Mat
thew AM. )uggan, administrator of the
,Sucession of Civility A P'resley, l)e'd.
or order, for the sumi of Six lunhdred
Dollars, each hearing eight per cent per"
:tnnlum interest t hereon from the first
cday of January, 187(i, until paid, and the
samie heing mortgaged to secure their
payment, were paraphcd Nevarietur
ncross the face of each note by John B.
Vandegar, Parish Rccorder of Sabine
Parish, Louisiana. One of the above
dscsrided Notes being (tile ald payable
the 1st day of January. 1877, with a
Scre(lit upol)n the same, abot twenty-two
Sdollarss,gi\ven the 1Ith day of August.
17(1, and theli olther Note heing due and
payable the Ist day of Janua.ty, 1s78.
The said Notes were lost sometime be
tween the first day of February 1877, and
the 1st day of August, 1877, in the par
ish of Sabine. I will pay a liberal re
- ward to any person fiudina the said
Notes, or either of them, and giving inc
Snotice at myv residence, neair the, town of
Many, parish of Sahine, Louisiana.
Given under my hand on this, 20th
day of February, 1877.
A1. M3. DITGGAN,
Administrator of Sucrcssion of C. A.
Presley.
Sept. 29-if.
8( --)-- f--
DOWN
-GO TIIE
DOWN!
DOWN!
LARGEST STOCK AND LOWEST PRICES.
-defy competition illn
S T' LES,
QUALITlY
or PRICE.
Don't fail to jprico the imuence stock of
H. MANHEIN,
-ATl
GRAND ECORE,
BEIFOIZE BUYING ELSEWHEIRE!
fi' Get your JOB PRINTIM(\
'loineat the VINDI(CATOR O)lice.
it.' itt It º i l Iý 'g tllii ' b'
w cºll1.k I ºn! ºr ( (,M ; " Plti: 101(1: 11.'1
( IAi Sj".~ 1:i!41 tli1:1; ~ ot
1or t~ hin I"tI N I1 pr~~o
b4 lIi- l rlitir.
`'1vlot-ks al IlluIj lfrti ra11; ao«in 4th
hellk at 1 I i ri t ei,:l 1tiv pli4WM
tollh }l), k ing, 11a N ~l s o t 1, me ("~ c of
eveninlg. Shte ik niow (111' I'glilarI Wer1ki.
C(~ )T' N Il:(l1l1Tý..
11".tqiete 1 fr ill 4 h' S 1ili (IItlul, Scpt~01
her 1st. 1,,77 591 baI ,
Go ill Sl'3 ,
New"-9Ja 95
('it y \'.irrarnts- 75 (rs"
Bra toly Ciierrics-$l 75 per dtoi,,
Viliegar - ISa'a 25 per gal Iot
1Rici.- Prinme Ck ,cft lb1.
(Woid Q4e.
(º(1 C5 Y pe-r l1.
Salt-$1 :35 pet' san'k.
Starchl -- 4 is A..
Candles-11111~; 14}
Wh'is~key-11:,.,&$3 7.5 P gallon
BREAD STUFFS.
1'LOUrt-; 131,s +3 75 d 1 -50
Barrells $6 344;it6 (,ll.
Cnrlrnmeal-42 (1V per 101.
(liit s-13 :11) per hi i
GRAIN ANDLI lE l) STIUlFF
4)ats-ai(ii-'z, he per l4Ii.liel.
lia- 75-i Oj44)i lero11l It),.
11'I:c-Slitnld- rs 7j, 7
( h-an"l- re Sith*( I')
)i(Tar l-ols 5(- r 1.
1'l.S 1-i'll , k - a ', tO 114. )14
11 \ýl.--Chuii(-t 1:1; al1l
I.4mlimiuii 1. _ a 1:1
luig lurk-!It141414f 'hl.C- situ)
Pi;, 1' hg 114T-lnonli.
lialogita Ninsag; -1111,.
Iheii-Ftilt'lli. 14)I 75 per AI10Is.
Ora l1.ites-li' wile.
4 ;loiiiii-114,14411i, $'2 7 , 5" 1 4)
7i''vs - Joule 44
I, ;t l", - 1 4111r !) 1i: -
('i 441i1.Nl-i.3c4 by 1111) pill tids.
Gnu' Ki uit s-non i in to. r
(oal Oil----1= - i2Itc -i4 ga~l~lo.
SU'GAR AN) MOLASSES.
Sogair-Co11niu'ti 7, i
(Good ('(uulloihil 8 .~
Prime X4~.
(Choice I a 91iC.
Ilsa -" otir , tl 0' . N aln
L '.,..4. 'n..