J.sT. U. COUGROYE, .... Editor.
N.ATCHIIITOCH ES
SVI'TURIDAY - - - Jury 10, 1875.
.tdlrtising Kates.
tildlF! ·I~I 2r =olleldr ,!12,0
I .quarl'e.... 4 I 6 :In 5 f1il I011 X15 i(! ý2' On
2 xquarli... 7 1" Il (10 15 Ilt, 2) 015, 00
3 square... 1000 13I 00 11 8 00 t2 0l ,(l
4 Aquaresi... 140I 0il 2'20 :10 00 1 50,
5 sltares... 1700 210 007 002 35 00 40 00
1; lAuar" ... "100 24 0 32 0I)0 ! 0110 45 10
7 stlqll:res... 2l1l 27 il0 36 I0 51 010 7 00
8 sqalares... 260 3.0 00 4 1410 6:1 011 80 o0
10 sqlaies... 3'101 35 (30 5T1 (110 57 00 1 ,,
15 squares... ~4i 00 I 7070 n01i 0 n1.0 I 5 0
:d squarles... 6100 80 00 901 0125 o 150 00
Traniiat aldv'rteiezal,,ntlla $1.51) 1 t' snare of
10 linles 1lrvier. first, inw'rtion, Eich snbslo
quent insirrtin 75 cenlts pecr sgqllare.
OIR JOR OFPFICE ia supplllied with a
great vnriety of type. and work in this depart.
ment perftrmed with neatness and at umoder
ate prit'Pes.
Termn, CAS on delivery of work.
Rates of Naubscription.
One Copy one year.......................(=3.00
Ono copy si months......................2 00
(Payable in advanct.)
.John J. Herbert, is oar duly sdthori
zed travelling agent.
Notice to Contributors.
No comnnnications will be published
nnless nacompanied by the author's real
naime. But one side of the sheet to bp
written upon wlhen wio- to us for i.,jer
tlon.
Artieles to he short anud to the point,
to have attention.
These are our rules and they must be
strictly adhered to.
Premiums to Subscribers.
The Vndcicator will be furnished to
subscribers at the following rates.
1 year........................ $3
6 mos...... ................. $2
No subscription received for less
than six months.
ALL SUBSCRIPTIONS INVARIABLY IN
ADVANCE.
We will furnish to each yearly sub
scriber a magnificent Steel Engraving
19s24 inches. Now is the time to
subscribe-write to our Editor for
Club rates, in which we offer special
indncement,-.
WYE PAPýRa Ies Ow a wious
Whos AdUulsCumereas be ss.
NOTIC1E.
Persons ordering JOB
WORK , from this Ofice,
must pay for the same on
ueo eZastz nJ om th_
rule.
Subscribers to the Capital Fund
of the T, idicator Publishing Conm.
pany, are requested to call upon
3. H. Carver, Esq., Treasurer of
said Comipany, with, et' iemit to
his address, the amounts they de
sire td pay to said Fnud, without
delays
The crops of. Sabine, we learn,
are il fie corditin, ramns have
been general -during the entire
year, and no planter has suffered
from drought .
The, country is distressingly
ealtil to' physicians, and we
o' no omplaints save from
ping cough.
We have had but few strangers
in our city to attend this term of
eourt7 and consequently Hotel
men "ae not happy."
Dill, who has been confined in
the pari~ h prison in New Orleans
for more than- a year, for the
murder of a white man on the
plantation of L. N. Lane, .Esq.,
was brought up lust trip of the
Si Ableand is now in our home
,t el,: icharge of Sheria Barron.
One erhninal was tried by the
·ourt at this term and4 ound guil
ty of bvglary. He was sentent
eed to fve years in the peniten
tiary.. -jJudge Chaplin seems to
givethem: thbe extent of the law
for stealing. Right Judge.
'ihe elegraph line. connecting
this eity with all points, will reach
us sometime during the week, it
liav t be completed to some 8
nile*bsyoi d Campte, or within
18 silleo as. Old Natchitoches
will taily pit on a less sleepy
look, w "hen we can learn each
mo~ing of the late movements
or ibase ibtU dibs, n , all over
the Uniou
qIlI -: eei New Orleans
aand : o eth oe d :river bra
. -
, : .t"
· 8~: ~~t'i ;-~·;; I
414 i~~q~ ~~&& *~~gtrSi
sai thrpta~~r b~s.e~iio~-eau stya
Yi' -~r t
The Spirit of Natchitoches,
New Orleans has its liars and its
thieves, and the New Orleans Rejpubli
Seenr is the champion of both. We
have more than once said that we
have no "era of good feeling" for the
Ji. cpublican and its friends; it has
been no fatult withl that journal and
its kindred, that there has been such
things ais Bunkcer Hill Centennials,'
and had it not been for the plunder
ing of the people of New Orleans by
~ the Rcepublican's followers or leaders,
' the matter of building rail roads
n' would not amount to simple trials.
Mr. Kelly and Vice-President Wil.
son, had their lessons of "blood paint
p ing" at the South, from just such
t sheets as the New Orleans Republican,
f which it very unwisely admits, that
these gentlemen found "not so bad
as painted." The "Artist" in this
case has cause for self congratulation,
if he can find it, in the utterances of
Morton, Kelly and Wilson; it is no
fight of ours, and only goes to prove
that these leading "bloody shirt"
demagogues have found out what we
knew all the time ; that the republi
can journals of the South and the
leading radical politicians had lied all
along, had painted the Southern gen
tleman as a "white league cut-throat,"
which upon close exalinatii n L ""
an,1 uinr-:ý, s.uJnu too igtgly colored.
Thin Republican speaks as if it were
something magnanimous and forgiv
ing on the part of republican leaders
North, to admit the Southern people
to their cen|tennials, their shows of I
patriotism; for our part, we do not
see it in that light, and we must he
taken for the veriest idiots, if it is
thought that we swallow such "soft
saiwder." The aims of Wilson, Kelly 1
and Morton, in their late admissions
that "Southere gentlemen were not,
as bad as painted" are too apparent I
to deceive, but it come too late, the
"Orange blossom decks the brow of
a fairer and nobler bride"-the South
has achieved her own proud position i
in the Union, aided by the Democrats '
of the Norlh, and in spite of kn-klux
laws, force bills and all the powerful t
machinery of a party of hate, aided c
and abetted by radical journals South,
prominent among which is the New t
Orleans Republican, who filled the t
Northern ear with tales of blood and I
assassination. I
The followers and lovers of the I
New Orleans Republican in our midst,
are enough to satisfy us of what it
is, and we have read its columns suf
ficiently to know what it advocates
and the "meat upon which this Caesar
feeds." Does the Republican forget
that not longer than last year a band
of its plunderers had to be shaken
of from this parish ? Has it forgot- I
ten that its friends are the men who I
"where the money went;" that 8per
cent taxes were levied by its "loving" I
republicans in one year j that a Dis
trict Judge to whom we must apply
to suppress crime, stole over $25,000
froli )he public school fund, and is
now in New Orleans the political ad
riser for this section, no doubt? I
There are crimes that the civil law I
does not reach; that the people most
take in hand themselves and correct,
this radical plunadering is one of them;
Kelly and Wilson will neither escape
the condqmnation of the people,id and
the New Orleans Republican and its C
followers in Louisiana, in a few years
will only be remembered as a dream,
hideous, it is true; though not for- *
given, forgotten.
Let the New Orleans Republiean.
choose to defend the political acts of
its party in this parish, and we are
ready to meet them; we do not
think, however, it has the temerity to
lo so, but will content itself with
long-winded abuse at a safe distance.
Thie colored men who will be taken -
in by the resolve of the 4th July
meeting of the negro Blont, which p
occurred on 26th June, are few and t
far between; the peace between the t
colored man and the white man of c
Natchitoches parish b has never yet a
been disturbed, and the only people a
that the white citizens have objected C
to, are those white and black thier- I'
ing politieians. If they think, how- m
ever, that we are to submit quietly I
to such role as they choose to give
os, at the cost of their leaving the j
country; if the peace they desire or I
intimate to desire, and the cultiva
tion of our lands Is to be bought at
the price of our rights and liberties;
that we must take jost such men as
they elect to rule, without regard to
qualifications for honesty or capacity,
then we all say, as many negrees at
the grand gathering maid, "go now?"
There are mhany Southern States, r
twelve offfteen, that are entirely oin
the hands of the white men and have '
been for some time, sad we fail to I
find that oab Jot or tittle of theim rights
of thenaegroes have been taken from
them, or been disturbed. The f.et is,
that these leading nagro politicians are
the worse class of persons to give ad
vise to tbeir fellow-men, they all insist I
apon; ruling, which means ruin, as i
bus been demonstrated in more 8tates
thu one; wihes they fall to rule, a
,big scma .attempted by threatening
an exodss from the eountry. All
,ha thes week.' c• ar i /ic e from
the week.
The Relief Association.
tS AN APPEAL TO TIE PUBLIC.
No association among the umany in
the city of New Orleans can go be
' fore the community with better grace
e or a more perfect title to recognition
i than the one which now appeals to
the public for assistance in its noble
work. The good it has quietly done
Ii since its inauguration, the succor it
s, has extended to hundreds upon hun
dreds, who were helpless and desert
ed but for them, the intelligence,
economy and unestentations charity
3, displayed in its management; these
Is constitute a claim on the liberality of
, the public which it would be imper
tinent to ignore and impossible to
deny. We give herewith the text of
the association's call for assistance.
h If anything could equal the lidelity
antid success with which these gentle
men havelabored in their benevolent
eniterprise, it is the modesty with
i which they state their case and the
simple pathos with which they appeal
to the sympathies of their fellow
f citizens:
It is due to the donners to know
something of our movement and of
our object.
We propose to find employment for
the unemployed--to extend relief to
the sick, to the destitute and the help
less.
We have fonnd employment to
about thirteen hundred persons-to
many permanent homes-some of
whom were on the yJ r. I re
,0n reli(ef to about 375 families
whom we found in great distress,
amongst whom were those who never
had felt this burden before, and who
suffered in silence through long and
weary days and nights ere they would
gather courage sufficient to tell their
tale of woe, and then the wearied
father or emaciated mother came not
for themselves, bat for bread for their
starving children. Would either of
your members go with us to these
abodes of suffering, their report would
have more effect than anything we
could say. We only add, relief in
money or provisions is always pre
ceded by personal visits or reliable
reports from those well acquainted
with the needs and distress of the
recipients, and then dispensations are
made most frugally.
We plead for those who cannot
well come to you-for those of our
citizens who by toil and labor have
helped to make success for the fortu
nate; they are parthf us, we ask you
to aid us in the full and proper dis
charge of our duty.
We know misfortune has never
plead in vain our city. We know
that incessant calls are made upon
the bounty of our citizens, and yet we
feel that our own request will not be
unheaded. For it is written-"the
poor you have always with you."
The rooms of the association are
at.No. 60 Camp street.-N. O0. Pica
yune.
We call attention to the above
appeal, and ask the especial con
sideration of our friends thereto.
Many people here are in want of
intelligentand competent servants,
persons who are poor, but respec
table, and are willing and anxious
been shipped here by the Grange,
part of them have not, it is true,
given satisfaction, but we are sat
isfied that good servants can be
procured by application to the
ReliefAssociafion, and we would
suggest that those in need give
it a trial.
We do not exactly understand what
the Conshatts Citiens means in its
article in relation to this paper, when
it talks of "fingers of scorn,n "Doemo
cratic party," adjustment" and the
"4th Georgia hirt its own." Possibly,
in our ignoranee may lie the fact of our
not being able to comprehbend the
"hash," for it certainly treats of more
sulbjects under one head than any ar
ticle we have pernsed mn some timle.
Now we are not a bit mad at the
Citizen, and if, by a poke of ours, we
have made that animal growl, our ob
ject has been obtained, but we must
beg to be excused from further pokes,
if asih a chrais of yells and rears is
to be the consequence,
What in God's name has the com
promise to do with the democracy, or
the Georgian "that hilt his ground"
to do with the Yidicator's taking
care of Natchitoebes parislit .That
article dear Citisem, at once "fills" yonr
motto to overflowaing, for if any man
can Gtd where you stand in a single
line of it, lie must be as wise as Solo
mon; try again "old boy" and for
heaven's sake do not
"Wriggli in and wriggle out
And leave the people still in doulbt,
Whether the snake that makes the track
Is coming on or going bacMk."
The.New Orleans papers speak cheer
fully of the success of the New Orleans
Pacific railroad. There is no donbtthe
*1q0,00~(requlired to organize the eompa
ny will be raised; on the 3d one of the
several listeshad $85,000on it. It slades
ignated to build the road from Alexan
dria to Natebitoebee, a distance of sixty
miles, for cash at a 'eost of ten thousand
dollars per mile. On tbhis unencumbered
work the compan' will lease first mort
gage bonds, and with these and the aid
of the parishes on the route, it is design
ed to complete the road.
The Beacher-Tiltoa ease has end
ed-the jury disagreed and were dis
charged--publie opiplon has decided
Beacher guilty long slace, and now
Plymoqth cdlrte, "with the help of
God" endorses him.. Public opinion
will hae * isolde -that Plymouth
church1 s6 bneft tinhj Ieacher.
Te ipelu sosoii is near upoin us,
and we aswait with baited breamth "the
rstt ef sthe siesa"-thanku, .. --
The Pui n th peaPed of ifetly, Not
* go ws. haisd, jier rugte note.
G it seems,is ever rea
dy t ruze real merit and to re
wardt j11y. His recent appoint- N
fmeni ,exI .onorable Mr. I)rury is a
Sto a lut position in the Ex- cae
- ecut is a case in point. This kin
indi us promoted is the same Hii'
r wlo ged with altering and pen
1 for ppropriation bill of the caie
S(11101 l Ha:hn Legislature. He stri
e! is th o who, for the sake of tur
t the .ry of his patty and the boi
P )e , State, consented to yield an
- the the Legislature which he nei
, had rusly obtained, as the to
r Whi rdjustment had decided. Vi
B For s't sacrifice, doubtless an Ja
iapp it Governor, who was so W
Mat I Itenefitted by this condes- an
Scell Mr. Drury, felt in duty sw
f bon il as an evidence of grati cl
tud a, to it,: that the aecomnmo- ph
u dati buld be legislator should re
suff oiss by his alf-abuegation- ge
tien iLappointment as assistant bh
secr y'f the Governor. Di
A there are those who t
ima e at Kellogg is niot a vil- di
lin, h Sweak." There is where cc
his ' t4ness lies, in his il w
laity inr people must expect n
nothi *m hi:, for should they, st
disap ment, "like a worm,,
will fpon their hopes." These p
mefn 4liot come to Louisiana to 01
Ibone people; plunder was P
o-," PSogg ntm IQs
inhions be honest. A look at l1
those o represent him here, II
snd the acts, will at once con
rince tl most sceptical of such t
Uelusive opes: as the honesty of 2
pairpose Kellogg and his Sen
ateti
The r cal leaders of Louisiana '
seem in I h glee over the fact of get- v
ting reeri front the old whig party; F
we say f-a for they have now thrown v
aside the ask, and we would be '
more th pleased to know where t
these "ol whigs" reside, who they (1
are, and ien they intend to joinf I
The agra n speeches made here by 1
the radic spouters on 26th June, I
does not und much like getting I
"old whig or any one else, to join
them. A stocrats were denounced, I
and what e understand from our i
boyhood f ads, is that the "old
whig" part was the aristocratic party
of the Un n. The Pica.ylne and
others, had better save their powder,
for those thigs, old whigs, that "go
in" with ile Louisiana radicals are
about of (heir ilk, and will add noth
ing in the shape of respectability to
them. Tie man or men, who would
make political combinations with
Packard, Kellogg, Tom Anderson,
Mat. Wells, Dewees and Twitchel,
for any purpoe, are no better. than
they; have no other o.bject in view
than they, (plunder) and the people
of the State, we mean the tarpayer,
governmen.
We will await with anxiety for the
first "eld whig" that goes over "to
toot his horn,' we are anxious to bear
the sound of the voice of the modern
whig philanthropist, who has sacri.
ficed himself for the good of his
pocket. When reform and good gov
ernment comes from such as Kellogg
leads, then we may look fdr the se
cond adverot.
Upon Saturday last, a little girl,
the daughter of G. Rhen, a German
shoemakeri aged about 14 years, was
caught in thie act of attempting to
abstract money from the till in the
store of Messrs. MeCook & Bros.,
Washington Street. She had entered
udobserved" and going behind the
counter pulled at the money drawer,
it being ose of the patent alarm tills,
the alarm struck, and Mr. J. J, Me
Cook caught her in a moment. He
allowed her to go home when she re
turned with her father, he In a high
state of rage; at the conduct, not of
his danughter, but.of Mr. MecCook, for
attempting to accase her of any neul
conduct, offered to prove that his
daughter had never left the house,
whlere hlie (Rhen) resides, during the
day-thise the girl stoutly eorrobora
ted. More than a dozen persons saw
the attempted theft, and the girl,
when released, ran down Front and
St. Denis gtreets to her home, and
more than tuestg peomu saw her pasu.
The attemps to prove-an alibi was too
palpable, and led to Investigation,
when, lo I and behold, it was discov
ered that the girl had robbed Lt.
Griuth, U. 8. A. some three weeks
since of the $160 mentioned, and for
which a negro hat been imprisonaed.
Rhen had used the money, and it has
been since traced up to him. We
learn that lie (Rhen) severely chastised
the girl for being caught by McCook,
and attempted to resist the deputy
Sheriff when arrested; drawing a
loaded double barrel gun on deputy
Collier. What must be done with a
man who, in this christian country,
would be guilty of such an act as to
coerse his own child to commit such
crime. Rihen is now in jail awaiting
trial, the girl has been released on
bond.
The trial of Clinton is progressing
slowly, and from iudications is likely
to result in a fiasco. Courts for the
trials of public servants for publie
short-comings, are poor plaees for
justiee-to the people, The matter
of oecials being in league with each
other to pleunder from the people is
becoming more and more apparent
every day-how it will end, no one
can conjecre.tr
nubsaeribe to theTlndicator,
The Spirit of Natchitoches.
Natchitoches has a vindicator. It 4
Sis a paper called the People's tVindi. lro
- ator. The spirit of leniency and was
s kindness which prevailed ,at Bunker sho'
i Hill on the seventeenth of June ap- rst
I pears not to have reached the Vindi- of
a eator's ears. While New Orleans is pris
e struggling to retrieve her fallen for ass'
f tunes, to build railroads, to send la- mo
e borers to the country, to inaugurate do!
d an age of reason after years of mad- peC
e ness, Natchitoches stands rock rooted 1'ei
e to the prejudices of the past. The rep
I. Vimdida'tor comments on the course of Rii
a Judge Kelley and Vice-President Cri
ol Wilson. Mr. Kelly visited 'Atlanta
.s- and a portion of Florida, Mr. Wilson
by swung round a sort of new moon cir- the
i cle, including Louisville and Mem- ani
o- phis. Both of these gentlemen on no
Id returning home testified that the isli
- gentlemen of the South were not so pa
ut bad as they had been painted. The we
Democrats of the North seized upon co!
o their words as something in favor of fe'
the anti-civil rights party. The Via- oil
il- dicator does not swallow the sugar- mi
re coated pill. It says: of
Now, once for all, we say that we fa
want none of this Yarkee indorse- b)
wct ment. The Southern people, whose (li
statesmen and gentlemen have given
fame and character to the republic, tl!
wn, ill again achieve their normal and ni
'Be proud position in the Union, in spite fr
to of Northern hate and meretricious m
praise.
This is. particularly unkind and dis- Sl
niiQ ~l qrj tnortiaDluttCtls Wl are 1
h1 t-"q5 .v ,z,-u¾n to Be
the doctrine of equal rights before tie Io
at law, and to acknowledge their life
re, labor a failure for the sake of gaining b
the favor of Conservative voters, z1
- and it is perhaps unwise policy on tl
Ich the part of Natchitoches.-N. 0. Re- o
of publican. f.
en- This is particularly kind on the k
part of the New Orleans Republican
to make such admissions as these. -
ona That "the gentlemen of the South i
ret- were not as bad as represented" is
ty; pretty good for an off year but we
wn would wager that next year such r
be "twaddle" cannot be found in its col
ore umus. The "bloody shirt" will be in- b
dey dustriously flaunted and if Wilson and l
in? Kelly will believe all it says, we will
by be classed as a neat set of cunt-throats; i
me, people who tron't be still and be rob- i
;ing bed, but will kick up a, muss about it.
join And then, a party bhat is willing
Bed, to abjure as much as the Republican ,
our says its party does, for the sake of
'old "gaining the favor of Conservative
irty voters," ought certainly be encour- I
and aged to abjure a great deal more.
der, We think the loss of several thoun
"go sand former republican voters, who,
are became disgusted with just such re
oth- publicanism as is evinced in Louisiana,
y to had more to do with this abjuring
quld process than any other cause. Let
with th'e Republican look at home for De
son, mocratic boot licks, it will And none
,hel, here.
than -- ----
view We were shown a cotton boll from
ople the plantation of Col. Wi. M. Levy,
below the city aslar sua hen's
•R twenty
days before it was pluceked. This
the was grown upon an acre of land which
" Col. Levy has especially prepared for
hear experiment. It has been subsoiled to
tern the depth of sxteen inches, thorough
icri- ly fertilized with compost, and by
as- judges it is pronounced the finest
egov acre of cotton ever grown in the par
logg ish. Col. Levy intends to denton
se- strate tihe fact, if it can be done, that
50 to75 per cent more cotton can be
raised to each acre, by this process
girl, than by the old, thereby saving in
man land, time and labor, a large amount
was to the planter, which can be profta
" bly employed in the growing of cere
ithe als and grasses. The cultivation of
ros., clover for hay will enter largely next
red year into the farming business here.
Highland rice, peas, oats, pumpkins,
wer e, will, and should usurp at least
tills, 50 per cent of the time, labor and
M- land now bestowed upon cotton.
He Farming is more remunerative in the
e cereal and grass growing contries, and
high Louisiana has a climate and soil es
ot of peeially adapted to them.
kney The Bart Able was at Grand Ecore
Shis on Tuesday, as usual. Capt. Dick is
luse, the same old invincible, and will re
the tain his well deserved popularity for
era- all time. The Bart Able is just the
saw boat for the trade, and Capt. Sinnott
girl, just the man for the.people.
Wand We understand that Mr. Berry
and Chambers, an old citizen of Sabine
P'". parish, was killed one day last week
' "e by a man named MeCreary, in a dif
tion, fiolty which oearred at the house of
'' the latter. Chambers' brains were
Lt. beaten out with the bat.end of a ridfle.
eeks _
Ifor Elsewhere we publish an address to
ned. the cotton planters of America, from
I ha the pen of R. W. Estlin, which con
We tains sound truths and practical wia
e dom. Let our planting community
ook, read it carefully and act upon the
puty suggestions given, and much good
a will be the consequence.
puty
th a We have before us fall Ales of that
try, sterling democratic journal, the Sun.
5 to day Delta, edited by E. L. Jewel,
such Eesq., of New Orleans. We have now
itin a want long felt, that of a leadipg
first class journal at our Capitol, well
and ably filled, and we predict that
ming MrL Jewell will make the Delta a
lkely power in the land.
r the
b Our mails have become very irrega.
I for lar, owing, we suppose, to a change
atterof schedule necessitated by the change
h in the roote. The city mail arrives
oe is daily, while tihe Shreveport mail puts
rot in its appearance every other day
one or so.
Now is the time to subscribe to
the Vindicator.
Mexican News.
t Galveston, July 2.-The News'
"Browusville special says an order
I was published that Cortina will be
r shot in case attempts are made to F
- rescue him. Judge Costillo and wife the
of Cortina and fourteen others are der
s prisoners. A general older prohibits una
assembling in groups or hostile de- cha
Inlonstrations. All public places are qli
e closed outside of Matamnoras, and the 'I
.- people are reported arming, arms exc
dl being smuggled out. A gunboat is thIe
e reported coming to the month of the the
f Rio Grande to carry Cortina to Vera sel'
it Cruz.
,n X. X. X. in his article brings up
r. the most lamentable part of its history Be
-. and ignores all the good. Does lie fol
n not know that the people of the Par- Th
ie ish then in the remote parts of the 1
go parishes out of which it was formed,
le were rarely ever consulted as to the to
)n conduct of their parochial affairs, and Ta
of few of them were ever honored with pry
,. office and its emoluments. Now,
ir- many of our citizens have fine offices
out of which they can support their tfi
we families or even get rich, and there
.e. by be enabled to keep some money io th
se the country. bl
en Dissolve this parish and you throw hi
ic, these gentlemen out of office and
nd numbers who have settled among us
ite for a congenial home would not re- si
,us main and live so far from their Parish pi
site, as for instance, Natchitoches or a
lis. Shreveport. is T arps e or gm
, ired f ," , a cneence. 0
Ssolveet and you rain the calculations hi
the of a great many. of
life X. X. X. forgets that last year the fa
ng board of assessors granted the citi- ti
sri, zens' meeting all they asked and that fi
on the taxes are not more than one third t
Re. of that due in 1874. This was a re- an
form step and the assessed valuation ly
the of the property of the Parish can be em
kept down in reason. al
Can The above from the Coushatta Cit- t1
u' izen correspondent S. 8. 8. of 3d July,
st, has the true ring of your chronic of.
is flee holder. There is no use to dim l
we
guise the tact, there it is in "bold ar- Al
icl ray." X X. X. brings up the lament- s
able part to the tax-payers, but S. 8. S. jc
in- brings up the good part to the ofce e
holder. The person who would be I
rill guilty of such an argument as that, wi
its; is not fit for a citizen of any country si
ob- save where the people are the oer- d
i vants of their own ofleials. Things t
ling come to a pretty pass that Parishes f
can must be formed to give "citizens fine I1
e of ofices" that they may get rich. Par
tive ishes are not formed for such purposes,
cur- but are, when it is for the mutual in- r
ore. Irest of the tax-paying citizens of t
ion- such neighborhood, and are dissolved I
rho, when that interest ceases. Officials
re- are not considered at all and their i
ana, "calculations are ruined" in many in- n
ring stances where the people were greatly I
Let benefited. Go for that correspondent
De- Mr. Citizen.
While the people of the North are
having their fraternal embrace with
from the Southern soldier, the radical press 1
evy, such as the Washington Republic, are
men's Indulging in dirty flings at the Sounth
D$ .s , , . ... s,:PSa,--m , .... l, at se i-i
ously, to tebels holding oeffice; who
hich the rebels are, that it speaks of, we
Sfor cannot imagine; certainly not the
d to soldiers who fought in the Southern
army, that would not do for an "era
1 by of good feeling." When the Bepublic
nest gets the Southern soldier into the
Par- ranks of the loyal radical party, and
on will not allow them to hold ofjlce on
that less they do, tihen will the great ()
n be party have achieved the eighth won
ICess der of the world. When that is ac
ig in eomplished, the soldiers of the former
ount rebel armies they do get in, will be of
fta- that class who had been eanght with
Sdogs, to serve even as eooks.
u of
next Our planters are hanging on to the
ere.I cheering hope of a cotton crop, large,
i and consequently remunerative. The
Least long continued drought has cut off
and the corn in many places almost en.
Lton, tirely-the belt of this dfbught was
Sthe through the parish from west to east,
and with this city about the center of the
I em- belt, and extended some ten miles
north and south. In some places
corn is still g(een and flourishing,
ore notwithstanding its having been sub
ek is jected to the want of rain for as
1 much as eightiweeks; this, however,
r for can be attributed to eauses, proml
th nent am6ng which i. deep ploughing,
mnott the free use of cotton seed as a fer
tilier, and late planting. Cottonis
erry doing remarkably well and our plant
blue ers seem cheerful and happy in anti
reek cipation of bales of the staple this I
dif fall, and rolls of money that comes in
nso of equene. Mr. MeD. Bleleher, on Red
were river near Montgonery, informs as
rile. that he intends to begin picking on
or about the 20th inst.
from We beg to call the attention of the
con citisens of our neighboring parishes
wis to the fact that this paper will pre
onity sent the latest news upon the com
the pletion of the telegraph line to this
good point. San Augustine and Sabine
counties, Texas ; Sabine, Wina and
Grant Parishes, will each be within
that twenty-four hours communication
Sun. with thIe outer world which is a great
swel, improvement on a week or ten days.
now We will go to press on Saturday
dipg morning in order to give the latest
well dispatches of the week. The business
Sthat men of the towns and villages of these
lta a sections will consult their interest by
subscribing early.
----,-- * e
regu The Police Jury, Wi. Payne pro
sange siding, met in regular session on
lange Tesday last. The usual business
rives was transacted.
puts -- ----- - -
lay- Mr. Thee. Tannin has fitted up the
lower portion of his old billiard saloon
and has opened a flune bar. The
ieto choicest wines, liquors and cigars on
hand. Ice in abundance dispencod.
TELEGBRAPIC.
Beecher--Tilton
JURY DISCIIAOGEI).
Brooklyn, July 2. -At 11.17 n. n.,
the jury ca mei hto ourt, which was
densely er owded, and said they were
unable to uagree, when they were dis
charged. The jury stood nine forac
quittal and three for conviction.
Tire jury left t lie court nithout any
excitement, and when asked wiho the
three were that were for conviction,
they replied they had bound them.
selves to secrecy in the jury room.
STATUS OF THE JURCY.
New York, July 3.-Admisiooas
wrung by the reporters from the
Ieccher jury show they divided as
follows, for Beecher : Carpenter, Case,
Thlayer, HaIl, McMurn, Ilalstead,
Whelan, Taylor and Titler. For Til.
ton: Jeffrey, Flate and Davis. Mr.
Taylor told an Eagle reporter that
when the jury went out they stood
pretty even; after the first day the
ballotting stood eight to four, and
finally the vote settled at aine to
three; then debates were at .times
very violent and demonstrative, but
there was nothing like coaning to
blows.
1 MOULTON'S CARD.
New York, July 3.--Mr. Beeeher
shook hands with each juror as he
I passed out. Francis D. Moulton, in
r a card published in the'Brooklyn Ar
usl inot;,her a report that the counsel
'r Ueecher are to proceed against
s him for conspiracy and subornatiom
of iejury in the Loader and Price a
e fair, says a judicial examination of
the origin of the Price and Loader af
t fdavits and of my connection with
d them is exactly the thing I desire;
e accordingly I have returned to Brook
" lyn to meet the menade of Mr. Beech.
,e er's minions, and I hereby challenge
and defy them to institute their
threatened proceedings.
BEECHER ENDORSED
r. New York, July 3.-The Plymouth
lecture room was crowded to excess,
and Beecher's entrance produced load
ovations. Shearman led in prayer;
t said he hoped Plymouth church woul&
. join him, in pledging, their fidelity
to Beecher, and God belping, they
would never leave him, and no voice
e uttered from the press or pulpit could
r, make them leave him, and ten thou
y sand juries could not make them
r- doubt his word. Beecher then gave
out a hymn, pronounced the benedie
tion and the audience dispersed. Mr.
s Beecher's address was confined whol.
e ly to chureh matters, including a tin
r- ning history of Plymouth church.
' The next thing in order will be the
a- reorganisation of the White League
of to quiet the alarm of "our peopi.."
Then Natchitoches will be vindica
ted, and the Democratic paIty will
have taken steps toward organliatiog
sr in Louisiana on the old plat of a
n- white man's govorument.--N. O. Re
fly publican.
*t That is, just exactly how we et
peet to be vindicated, and think the
Republican has good cause to say
tre little about the "White Leage"
ith We can stand all the abuse that name
00 implies. We would much rather be
re a white man than a hybrid, ist ~,
ti- are not a little proud of it, aid we
i- are not so pntantaroptc as to rsate
'o der all our liberties to give tim to
we others; it may be a little selish, )ht
he we like it, and liking it, would ia
i qauire of the Republican in the brl
ra gnags of Jim Fisk, "What are you
ic going to do about it."
d The Baton BRouge Advocate al
* Nei" Orleans Picaynae am eti
( lance's point. The publicatio the
n Allen EanUard, and demanding tttl
. "rise up William" and explalm,'
er brought down the Advocate apes
of city contemporary. The Advoetels
th more trhs right when it sys, i
the old line Whigp of Lousianame
not to be eaught with seh ab*e1
o tlhat held out by the bidders of rili
g, calism for respectable streadgth The
he party in opposition to the Demei.
off ie people of LoIliana, hae a*
n- liog In their past reced to epili
as them to the favorable coM 5
st, of any elms of IntellIgent whle U
he ters.
as A Ia Falstaf, as we read ia the*
Iambus (Ohio) Jornal, thbe eustry
i, commissionprs' report, among 0e -'
b- sea, "bread for the poo,"tl i
as "whisky for the poor," S6 E.-,
r, 0. Pieayune.
Wl. Wehat in the asame of woader d
ag, the poor want with so much bred.
i An Iowa farmer expects to harvest
2000 bushels of onion this year.
at Exchange.
t- Tlhat's a saeet seented praganph
his for a lady's literary paper.
In ·
LedPaul Boto.s nlovention dates o nl .
us tothe earliest ages. A bas rll
On among the Nineveh marbles ina t
British Museum, shows that the WI.
vites crossed the water In awimoiig,
suits made of lsins, with a mro-
he piece to inflate them.-N. 0. Pis.
ies yane.
e. We don't know so much about ts
n "maouth pieee," but we heard ~ -sn,
jas where that the thing that "took in'
en Jonah, had the same kind of swn
md muing souit, made of skin, and JanJ
binhas left in his works that the tig
on worked exceedingly well.
ys INcRAln.ES RBRTOaD.--DO not
la despair eulseyour physielan t-hah
et his head. Professional opinions s
ss not infallible; and they are aero
wider of the mark than when they
by pronounce Chronic Dispepsias ai 3
curable malady. To mitigate ts
pangs, the faculty usually presotie
e- air, exercise, snd brandy. The kit
o two are God's mediciies; the lastis
ess a satanic poison. The only medicine
needed in Dyspepsia and its conessi;
tants is Dr. J. Walker's California
he Vinegar Bitters, the great vegetable
i tonic of the age.
no Subscribe to the People'ls Vin
dliator.