JAN. II. COSROV E, . * * Editor.
Yl
NATCHITOCHES
SATURDAY - - - Feb. 13, 1875.
Advertising Iates.
I equare.... - .4 J  50 $10 00 15 00 1) 00
2 squares... 7 00 i1) INW ISI ) 25 1W
3 squarea... 1000 t13 00 I Ot, 25 it 30 oi
4 squarea... 14 11 0l W) 22 t 00 34 00 35 00
5 square... 170 0 go , 2 00 35 DO 40 00
6 squaroa... 20041 24 00 (000 40 00 4500
7 squares... 931 7 04) 35 It' 501 N 70 C0
8 squares... 2600 31) 0 O l 65 0 11110
10 squares... 3000 35 o 00  i W 57 I ) 105 IN0
15 squres... 450)0 BO 00 70 010 INo 125 00
90 squares... 6')9 10 10 .011 !95 00 ISO 001
Trasiont audvertisemelta $1.51 per square of
IO lines Brerier., fpst insertLon. aseh nubse
qnent inaertion 75 cents per square.
a711 JM1l OPPIICE I esuppllh'A with a
great variety of type, illd work in tbis depart.
ment performed with meatleMa and at moder.
ate prices.
Terms, CAtHal delivery of work.
Rates of Subscriptlna.
Ono Copy one year.......................31.06
One Copy six months..................... 00
(Payable in advance.)
John J. Hlerbert, is our duly authori
sed travelling agent.
Notice to Contributors.
No communications will be pnllis&ed
nnles.s accompanied by the anthor's real
name. But one side of the sheet to be
written upon when sent to as for inser
tion.
Articles to be short and to the point,
to have attention.
These are our roles and they must be
strictly adhered to.
Premiums to Subscribers.
The Vindicator will be ftrnished to
subscribers at the followiug rates.
1 year........................ $3
6 mos...................... 2
No subscription received for less
than six months.
ALL SunBSCRIPTIOx INVARIABLY IN
ADVANCE.
We will furnish to each yearly sub
scriber a magnificent Steel Engraving
19x24 inches. Now is the time to
subscribe-write to our Editor for
Jiub rates, in which we offer special
inducements.
An Indispensable Article.
No map in the parish should be
without his paper. Our subscription
is moderate-every subscriber re
ceives for three dollars, a good paper
for a whole year, and a beautiful
Graphic picture thrown in besides.
We venture the assertion, without
fear of contradiction, that there is
more valuable, practical and useful
knowledge to be acquired in a year's
reading of a well managed newspa
per, than in the best book which was
ever written since Moses down-Eve
rything in science, art, fiction, liters
ture, politics, news, is to be found it
its columns-Citizsens should be post
ed in regard to the political condi
tion of their country, in order to do
their duty when called upon to act.
There is not a reading wife, daughter
or sister, in the land, who does not
find a newspaper "a good thing to
have in the house." It is an agrees
ble pastime in leisure hours; extends
their range of knowledge, and fur
nishes topics of conversation for a
whole week. Show us the man who
lives withut his paper, and we will
show you a man, who selfishly spends
yearly, more money for whisky, than
would pay for ton year's subscription
to the Vindicator.
We call our readers' attention to
the City Tax Collector's notice, in
another column.
The river is gradually receding,
and the mud deepening every day.
We have had rain nearly the whole
week; old Sol showing himself now
and then, only to brighten as up a
little and throw us back in deipaflr.
Planters cannot plow on account of
the rain, which lieeps the fields in the
same condition they have been since
last December. Unless we are fa
vored with dry weather soon, the
planting interest must suffer, and the
crops be seriously shortened.
Little or no cotton comes in now,
on account of the horrible condition
of the roads, and also because the
most of it has already reached the
market. With bad weather, bad
erops and worse government, ourcon
dition is not a hopeful one.
-DEATH WOULD Bs IMPOSSIBLE if
the proclamations of the alcoholic
nostrum-mongers were true. But,
alas! their terrible excitants send
thousands staggering to the grave.
Instead of adding fuel to the fire of
disease with such deadly compounds
try the cooling, renovating, purify
ing, and regulating effect of that ino
estimable combination of herbal jou.
ee and extracts, Dr. Walker's Call
fornis Vinegar Bitters-the sole ape
ific for Dyspepsia, Physical Debility,
Headache, Billions Colic, Liver Com
plaints, Gent, Rheumatism, s ad
croaic Constipation.
For Political Opinions, Ostra
cized ! !!
Yes! "It is most true." Is not the
serpent shuned for its venom? the
leper, for his infection I the mad dog,
for its rabidness? the thief for his
practices ? and the murderer hanged
for his crime against society ? Iis the
destruction of the body of greater
consequence to man, than the preser
vation of the soul ? It is the duty of
every individual for himself, and of
parents for their children, to see that
no associations be formed which will
bring upon them social degredation
and moral death. The turpitude of
the white radicals in our midst, is so
base; their designs so wicked; their
actions so revolting; their character
so worthless; ansd their infamy so
ignominious, that no one who has any
decent respect for himself and family,
and for the social circles in which he
moves, can havt any inclination
whatever, to be found in their com
pany, for "birds of a feather flock to.
gether."
Men who have broken through all
the bounds of propriety, restraint and
decency; who have waged a wicked
and relentless war upon society, must
not complain if society, in self-de
fence, turns upon them ; routs them;
pins them to the pillory, and lashes
them publicly with its scorpion whip.
The late war has brought .into ex
istence, and thrown upon us, an army
of carpet buggers; carpet-baggers
have bred scalawags, and scalawags
have been unceasingly at work, sedu
cing and debauching our youths from
the path of rectitude, persuading them
to repudiate their former principles,
and to kneel with a fanatical zeal and
devotion, really astonishing, at the
altar of the golden calf. They have
turned upon their own race, and ta
ken most lovingly to the negro. We
intend, in turn, that the negro should
keep them, his chosen ones, as long as
he can stomach them, hoping howev
er, for the sake of the negro, that
when the moment of heaving dis
gust arrives, he may spew them out
side of our borders.
When these white scoundrels have
caused the almost complete ruin of our
people; when they have plundered
them of nearly all their goods; when
they have sold from the anetion block,
one third of their real estate for cash,
which they have appropriated to
themselves; when they have entire
ly destroyed the credit of the com
monwealth; when they have run
capital out of the State, and prevent
ed capitalists from coming in the
State with their coffers, for fear of
being robbel by them; when they
have belied, slandered and perseen
ted as in every manner imaginable;
when they have caused the army and
navy of the federal government, in
time of profound peace, to treat as
as prisoners of war, in order to de
prive us of our political rights at the
ballot-ho;, and to continue, indef
nitely, their reign of oppression, ter
ror, and speliation; when they have
stirred up and brought about tile
murders of our citizens in the par
ishes of Grant and Red River, and
then charged us with the gratuitous
perpetration of those crimes; when
they have swindled us out of thie vie
tory we have won at the last election,
by the machinations of their corrupt
returning board, pronounced by a
Congressional Committee of their own
chboosing, to be a barefaced fraud up
on us; when, on account of their in
famous conduct, they stink in, the
nostrils of even a large majority of
tre negre race in the State; they
have the audacity to lift up their
thieving and bloody hands, in holy
horrors at the scorn and hatred they
have raised in tile breast of the white
population of our State, and cry out
in amazemept:
"In faith, 'tie stranges,'tis passingstrngel
'Tis pitiful, 'tie wondrous pitiful,"
that we should be thus spotted, ac
cursed and ostracized! It is rather an
object of wonder, that they have been
thus long permitted to breathe the
atmosphere of Louisiana. The y
ought to have been compelled, long
ago, solena coles, to leave the State,
and prevented fr6m soiling for a mo
ment, tile very earth upon which
they tread.
As we cannot prefer vice to virtue;
falsehood to truth; iniquity to righ
teens; tyranny to justice, or dishonor
to integrity of principle, we are con
strained by the teachings of reasona
of selfrespeet, of honor, of duty con
scientiously performed, to dispise
them because they are hypoerits; to
shun them beeause they are thieves;
to hate them because they are trai
tors; to abthor them, because with
unpardonable egotism they have sold
their birthright, and the welfare sad
prosperity of our people with it.
"Tbe very hea and front of ova tead
Heth:ls teaten-po more."
No Compromise with Villainy.
We are informed by the city pa
pers, that strenuous elforts are being
made by the, rump Lgislature in
New Orleans, to effect a compromise
with the conservatives, by giving them
a majority in the lower House, and
perhaps the Treasurer, provided the
Kellogg government be acquiesced in
by our leaders there. The people mn
the country will accede to no such
agreement. In the first place, we
will never receive from them as a
favor, what we claim as a right. By
the returns of election made by the
several Supervisors of election, in the
parishes, and the unimpeachable
evidence given before the Returning
Board and both Congressional com
mittees, we have shown beyond an
honest doubt, that we have honestly
and fairly elected to the lower House,
a sufficient number of representatives,
to entitle us to a majority of, at least
twenty three members in that branch
of the Assembly; and a sufficient
number of Senators to give us a con
trolling power in the Senate. This
being a fact, we demand our rights
and will not beg foi them. InI the so
cond place, we are presented with the
faint hope of a probability that the
Treasnrer's office may or may not be
vouchsafed us. It is no more in the
power of public bodies, than of in
dividuals, to grant what they never
rightfully possessed. The returns
and evidence in the possession of the
Returning Board, clearly entitles us
to that-office which we have won nn
der the most grievous disadvantages,
and in spite of the presence of fede
ral bayonets in the parishes where the
colored element was in the majority,
thereby intimidating the negroes and
prevent them from voting with the
Conservatives, and arresting our
white Conservative citizens, a n d
frightening hundreds of them from
the polls, in almost every parish in
the State. These are stubborn facts
which the whole country knows at the
present moment.
In the third place, it is a brazen
piece of impudence to ask us to vol.
untarily acquiesce in the Kellogg
government, which we have all along
repudiated and fought against, on ac
count of its fraud and userpation
forced upon us by the national gov
ernment, whose duty it was to de
fend, protect, and insure to the peo
ple of every State, a free, untram
meled and a republican government
of their choice. Besides, to yield to
such a request would be wiitually
writing ourselves down publicly, as
imposters, liars and perjurers, with
the design of deceiving, and impos
ing upon the people of the Union, to
whom we have submitted our case,
and from whom we expect redress.
It is requiring too muchL of an op
pressed and down troddea, yet still
a loyal and honest people, to staltify
themselves before the country and
posterity. We ean stand tyranny for
a w)ile longer, but can never wil
lingly submit to degredation.
Fourthly and finally, it is repug
nant to thie dictates of duty, self-ren.
pect and conscience, that such a com
promise should ever be effected. It
is debasing in polities as well as in
morals, for virtue to compromise with
vice; truth with falsehood; justice
with injustice; liberty with tyranny;
honesty with corruption; nlategrity
with raseaiity; right with wrong;
honor with infamy, or refinement with
blackguardism. Knowing the charu
acter of our people as we do, we take
it for granted, that any man of prom
inence in our party, who should so
far mistake his duty 'as to consent to
such a venture, so fraught with evil
and disastrous consequences, would
forever forfeit the confidence of his
people, and blast for all time to come,
his hopes of preferment.
Immediately after writing the above,
and expressing our views as to the
compromise which is now upon the
political tapi, we receive the Shreve
port Times of the 9th, in which our
opinion in regard,to the compromise,
is identically the same as that ofour
coonfrers of the Tlhes, although, the
proprietor of that paper differs in
opinion with the Editors thereof.
The lTimes says: "We shall not now
enter into an extended view of the
question, because we are not fully ap
prised of the proposition, but will
simply eater eor pretest against any
compromise which shall fail to seeare
to as all that we could reasonably
hope as the result of the election of
last November."
"Mr. Leonard regards the measure
as the only hope of our people-
While we are mnore than willing to
accord to him the most patriotic meo
lives in the premises, we yet'moust
withhold ear endorsement, at least,
until we are more' fully informed as
to the material advantages tobe gain
ed from this comprmise."
SAgain: "We wil say, however,
that we have never been compromise
men, and are not disposed to be com
promise men. We believe that a
firm adherence to principle is ever
the surest way out of difficulties." So
say we: and we are now, more than
ever, convinced of the sendness of
our views on the subject, and of the
opposition of our people to the meas
are, since we find the policy objected
to, by that able sheet, for the same
reasons alleged by us-We have no
inclination to be deprived of the fruits
of our victory in any such manner.
The time for compromises is passed;
in our opinion it would be suicidal
for us to depart from that line of poli
cy we have constantly adhered to
during the late political campaign,
and be somewhat of a forfeiture of
that dignity which always becomes a
noble people in adversity.
D. McIntosh -The Half-Breed.
This individual in his testimony be
fore the Congressional Committee, in
New Orleans, declared that he "heard
of a plot to assassinate Mr. Stockton,
at Natchitoeches"-when f why ? and
by whom t This is what this gallant
Lieutenant of the United States army,
fails to diselose-he does not give his
authority-perphaps the a n rc e
whence it camte was of such a ques
tionable and disreputable character,
that he was ashamed to give it.
From the company lie kept about
him whilst in our midst, he could
have heard almost anything that
tended to blacken the chbaracter and
reputation of our peaceable commu
nity. Who is Lieutenant D. Mcln
tosh ? From his own declaration, we
understand that he is an officer in the
Federal army. From hearsay, we
learn that he is a half-breed Indian ;
the olfspring of free-lovelsm-From
his personal appearance we would put
him down as a thorough bred Indi
an. Rumor has also circulated the
fact that lie is the unfortunate vic
tim of fear, on the field of battle;
and in camps, the boon companion of
such low-flung fellows as Stockton,
Henry Boullt and others of that ilk
Is it really so t We heard so.
Our people have always had a high
respect for the Federal uniform when
it covers a high-toned gentleman and
a noble heart. With us, a United
States officer is prima facie a man of
education, good breeding, genial man
ners and civility, unless he proves
himself otherwise; a person who
performs dispassionately, and with
propriety, his duties as an offlicer, and
not as a partisan-The gallant Lien
tenant's conduct, whilst here, has
been anything else but thatkhe was
inhuman and brutal towards the
prisoners under his charge; pre-judg
ing their case, and taking it fora grant
el that they were guilty of the ac
cnsations brought against them, there
by over-stepping his dqty assigned
him, of assisting the Marshal in ma.
king arrests, and gwrding the aceused
when arrested. He showed somewhat
of thie native cruelty and savageness
of his race towards the pale-faced.
His animosity against the people of
Natobitohes, arose probably from
his knowledge of the entire annihila
ties by our ancestors of an Indisn
tribe, the Natchez, within a couple of
miles of this place. Must we be held
responsible for that Why is it that
Lient. Wallace of his company, was
not called upon to substantiate his
statement? Because his evidence
would have been quite the reverse.
He was taken in and respected by our
citizeas, becaase he carried his uni
foam with becomingness and decency,
and proved himself worthy of the
respeet and regard always paid a gen
tleman-We A.ow that.
If our people delighted in assassian
ation they would never imbue their
hands in the blood of such cattle as
Stockton, the whilom U. 8. Marshal.
They would reek their vengeance on
more dangerous headsa-When Boullt,
Myers, Pierson, Blunt & Co., still
live, why, oh I why should Stockton
diea
We understand that one Raford
IBlunt, colored, the political preacher,
and preaching politician and would
be Senator from this parish, has made
incendiary remarks in the rump Sen
ate, in violation ofhis pledges, often
repeated privately and publicly from
the platform, that he inteaded to
have nothing more to do with pol
istis, and that ae wouald keep them
in good faith. We have not seen
his speech. But as soon as we can
Sget at it and finad the fact to be as
stated, we will give hum the raking
be deserves. That bypocrite who
struts in the minister's westmeuta to
serve the devil in, has done, with
lee, brains, more harm to the people
hqre in general, and to his own race,
ia particular, than all the rhite odu
eited radical'scoundrels 0 the par.
ish pot together.
Go sad pay your city tes, or look
out.
H. C. Myers.
"0 wad some pow'r the giftie gic us
To see ourselres as others see us !"'
Hungry Cur Myers-the slanderous,
crooked-necked, scurfy scalawag;
liar, thief, coward ; contemptible citi
zen, undutiful son, heartless father;
a failure as a lawyer, as a soldier a
deserter, a legal abortion as a Judge;
Kellogg's friend, Sheridan's pet, the
gallows' cheat; Blunt's partne r,
Boullt's shadow, and the devil's own
is now squirming under the published
affidavits of his father's nurses, writh
ing under a castigation from the
Picaynme, and smarting from a lusty
kick sent him, even by Eddy Pierson.
All this should be a thousand times
enough to make him fight or die.
But he will not fight, a lady friend of
his to the contrary notwithstanding.
Nor does he wish to die, for he knows
"hell opens wide to receive him"
But he lives to lie, and lies to live.
He impeaches Messrs. Levy and Si
mon's veracity, who swear that his
dying father had to be supported du
ring his last illness, by the Israelite
Society, of which those gentlemen are
worthy members. His denial weighs
as nothing against these gentlemen's
word, who are not saints, it is true,
but honest men and respectable citi
zens. He lies when he says that all
his father's expenses were borne by
him; and refers to Messrs. Dupleix,
Caspari and others, to corroborate his
statement. It would not be safe for
the honorable (t) Judge to call on
those gentlemen to say whether this
is a fact or not. He lies, and he
knows it, when he says that he was
driven from Natchitoches by a mob,
on the 23d of July last; when those
of his sort remained here unmolest
ed, and when the mass meeting was
held after his departure. When flung
into this world, Nature's good materi
als must surely have been exhausted,
and only trash left to put up his car
cass with. To what further depth
of degradation can this man reach?
Can anybody inform nus
"Ha! where ye gaun, ye crowlin ferlie!
Your impudence protects you sairly
Ye ugly, ereepin, blastit wonner,
Detested, shunned by muant an' sinner."
E. L. Pierson Retracts.
This young radical Lovelace takes
back the "bloody shirt" statement lie
had made, before the Congressional
Committee, against Col. Wm. M.
Levy, charging him, his former bene
factor, with the atrocious crime of
hiring men to assassinate him, on the
34 of November last. Whilst we
cannot but approve the spirit man
ifested by this giddy, hare-brained,
misguided young man; we are con
strained to condemn and denounce
that other spirit which prompted him
to make, gratoitously and :cheerfully
so serious a charge, without beinog
absolutely certain of the facts. He
says hie withdraws the charge, be
cause ie has heard from his inform
er, that they were mistaken. If they
were mistaken, they had no reliable
grounds for believing the slander;
hence, Pierason could have none; yet
he said in his testimony: "I believe
it, I ean prove it by rediaoM witnesses."
There is where the gratuaitouns impulse
comes in. He went like the other
radicals, before the committee, to
testify to acts of violence and itimi
dation at thei election, and not to
what occnurred swsequat thereto.
There is whes the cheerful motive
crops out. Away with such recant
tions ! We believe all this was gottea
up to graftify his partisan spite and
to make political capital as a martyr.
But as "there was not enoauqah strength
in the bow" ad no capital made,
hence the retraction. Hi matrty~rd.m
was that of the serpent with the ile.
We are under renewed obligations
to the popular Captalis, Sinaott and
Mitbel, for the latest Also of City
and Western papers. The Bart Able
and Selmioole, with theimse goetlemen
on deck give geaenal atisfaction, aad
are entitled to all the patronage our
people can bestow upon them.
DArT Caocrawu.-The Texas Hrall
ville Hews asys:
The following speech of Davyr Crock
oftm's, ade in Tenneassee on his re
turn from Colgres, was handed us
bya friend, with a request to pub
lish verbatim, and he rvoauches for the
truth of It. He declares that that
ecentrie and ever-origias inadividu
al delivered it just as it is here given:
"FPeUlow-Citieas and Harmane-
These am the times that eeme upon
as like a wharlwind sad an arth
quake. We are called upon to ex
tarminate, mollify uad eollaminate
the foe like a niger put into a hollow
log and rammed down with a younga
sapling. Pierce the heart of the
enemy as you wbuld t fellow that
hadl spit ina yaour face; knock down
your wife and call your dog a skunk;
cram his esky eareasem full of thun
der and linghtniag sad turtle him off
with a red-hot poker, so there will
not be a piece of him left big enough
fora crows breakfast, and bite his
nose off in the bargeis. Whoop, hur
rah come along. Crockett's with
yon; show us the enemy; I'm going
to Texas, you can all go to h--l."
Will His Excellency Re:;li~ ?
The Prayer of Forty AMillions.
In considering the question of His
Excellency's resignation i i:t no"
quite sate for the pullic to jump to
a hasty conclusion in advictl of a
full statement of the ronnnri l,ro and
con. The power to decide this in
teresting question rests, indeed, with
His Excellency himself. and he must
be allowed more time for giving ay.
sent than would he required by the
American people if the qiest:iIln could
he determined by them. We sns
lwct that it cannot safely be said of
him with quite the same literal truth
as it may of the people, that "the
wish is father to the thought," lie
therefore needs time for deliberation,
med it is but fair that lie should have
it. Wedo not yet ask him. to resign,
but to weigh the reasons for so use.
ful and patriotic a step. We rather
incline to think, in the present state
of our information, that his Excel
lency will "make haste slowly ;" but
it shall not he our fault if he is not
fairly supplied with all the pertinent
reasons for guiding his judgment. If
hle should finally make a wrong de.
cision the responsibility will not be
ours.
If lhe wounld consent to be governed
by other wishes and other judgments
than his own he might be speedily
relieted of all embarrasnment in so
difficult a question. There is Be
point on which public opinion could
decide it. Both political parties
would testify their gratitude and vie
with each other in crowning him with
honors if lie would do this great act
for the good of his country, His re.
publican fellow citizens would greet
it with welcome plaudits, because it
would bring a true and tried repub
lican into the Executive Mansion.
Vice President Wilson has always
stood high in the confidence of the
party, and never higher than at pre
sent. His recent wise and excellent
letter shows a true appreciation of
the dangers which beset the party,
and points out the means of extr-.
cation whould have the fairest prom
ise of success if lie were elected to
the Presidency in pursuance of the
constitutional provision for vacancies.
Mr. Wilson has not bound his semse
of consistency by following misguid.
ed counsels, as His Excellency has.
It is against all probability that Mr.
Wilson, as President, would maks
Attorney General Williams his legal
adviser, and it is certain that he
would be under no bias in favor of
an office-holding brother-in-law is
Louisiana. He would be quite free
from past committals and be dispos
ed to decide all grave questions as
their merits, after consultation with
the most prudent and sagacious mem
bers of the republican party. With
the exception of the officeholders the
party would hail with delight the ac
cess to the Presidency of au original,
consistent republican and cautioes,
experienced statesman like Mr. Wil
son. The democrats would not be
quite so well pleased, as the ebags
would dim the brightness of their
party prospects. But even tlhe dem
ocrats would be glad of an assurance
that the sword of a military chieftain
cannot be put into one side of tei
political balance in the next Presi
dentian election. They would be
willing to see His Excellency's rigi
al nmotto, "Let ni have peace," a
cepted at last in the public coanclh.
His Excellency's resignation weoll
be the most popular of all his grs
serviees, and it wmuld be the nasa
imous verdict of his countrymen that
nothing reflected so touch lastrom
his public life as the act of leaving it
It is alike desired by his friends
and his enemies. We will not dwell
on the reasons of the latter, for ti
arguments of enemies ar aeldem
pernasive. It is a more plenuM
task to set forth tIe views of His E
eelleney'sadmirers, with whom Sh
Herald has a legitimate claim to be
classed. We trust our advice wil
finad an easy entrancee to his mind ia
proceeding from friendly motives a
urged in a spirit of most respeetal
deference. We are glad to avail mer
selves of so It an occasion for tstiO
ing our eagerness to inscribe the ue
of Grant, not directly uader, bet m
the same line with that of Washla
tn, on the seroll of fame. Our ms
desty will forbid as to puMblih th
note of thanks which His ExcH al
will doubtless send us for recol
zslng his title to stand on so exaluds
level, bht he laust not, therefe,
suspect that we are insensible to his
grateful appraval. We give in sl.
vance the mast indubitable proof
our sineerity in ranking him wih
Washiugtoa by our expectatiea tl
he will emalate the diasinterstdae
aelf-abwegation and magnanimity d
that illustrious patriot. Who bt
Washingten or Grant could ehdibit
the sublimae virtee of volantarily pt
ting aside so high and spendid a p"
sition as the Presidency It is s
that General Scott once evinels
similar magnanimity; ba ot Scott
ly declined the government ofMsti
when it was offered him by the pI.
ple he had conquered. Washidtl,
Scott and Grant are the three u0
illustrious soldiers in our hidr,
and we shoald underrate ft
peatness of soul if we supposmad W
incapable of shining as the pr
of Washbington. The brightat rel
most admired pages in Wahig
great career are his voluntary of StI
command of the army at the dosed
the war of the Revolution sad II
preparation of his Farewell Addra
toward the end of his firse PreidS
tidal term. It is true that Wshibi
ton yielded to the nrgency of t
country and postponed the Fsarsl
Address; and if Grant had the 530
excuse for remaining in olfe .iLii
fellow eitizeas would respect it.
But there is this remarkable dif
fereace and contrast--that wherS
Washingtoo was persuaded by tie
unanimous wish of hii eountrymesn to
remain in office against his own i
elination, Grant could retire with
their equally unnnimaous approral-