JAN. II. C'O4ROYEr, - . • Editor.
N ATC T-IIT {'OCH1ES
R.VAI'HTDAY - - De 2,el' 23. Ir9 .
Advert1!s! ig I(nefs.
I sqarre... $4 n) $ 5 00 $1500 $200
n quNarPes.. 70 n i (0 IS 00 23 00 25 00
3 eq urc... 1000 13 00 18 00 25 00 3: 0)
4 .quares... 1400 18 0 22 00o :) 00 35 0.
S. Iae. . 17 )0 2' 00 7 00 35 00 40 00
R I1earrg... T'm 2, 00 32 00 40 00 45 I00
n? rs... 230( 27 00 36 00 530 ul i0 (
t4 aq ires... 2!') 34) 00 41 00 G3 0)U 3
1') tcgljares... 30 00 33 00 50 (s 0 57 00 135 30
$5 . qoares... 4304) r11 00 70 00 100 00 125 00
20 sqnure... 69 (01 N1) 00 3 )n 125 0n 150 n00
ransient advertisenmnts $1.50 per sqgnrr of
llng, Brerjer. first Insertion. Each nubse
quent inlertttn 73 cents per square.
.... ..--------
All changes in advertisements to be,
charged as if new.
Transient andlertisements mnnst be paid
for in advance.
All bills with regular advertisers ren
dered quarterly.
One inch of solid brevier constitutes a
"lnare.
Marriage and obituary notices beyond
the simple annonfcemeut, resolutions or
cards of thanks, charged as adrertise
enwuts.
Rates of Subscription.
Ofne Copy one yer ....................2.00
One Copy six month ......................1 00
(Payable in advance.)
TEIS PAra I ON wILE WaTH
SWbse Adit.fidar C..etr.e esa be ads.
W. W. SHARP & CO.,
PUBLISHERS' AGENTS,
No. 25 Park Row, New York,
Are authorized to contract for ad
vrtiaing in our paper.
BE LEWP
SH EVEPORT LA.
NOT"IE.
All parties indebted to
this paper are requested to
settle up at once.
Mr. Alex. Simmos is
authorized collecting agent
and ¶ll call upon all our
country friends for the
money due the Vindicator.
A prompt attention to
this call will be thankfully
appreciated.
TAKE NYTCOE.
All ijersons desiring the VINDICA
TOR continued to their address af
ter January let, 1877, must remit the
subscription price before that time,--
No piper, will be issued from this
office except to those who pay in ad
vance. We tiust our friends will not
forgestthis, por feel angry because
tlejr paper is stopped on the 1st Jan
nary, because if it is, the fault is
thetrs not ours.
Ladies, ifyou want a cheap, neat
fitting sad preUt Whoe call at McCook
S More fighting whiskey during the
wCek-nobody hnrt so far.
Breda and Blunt notify their friends
thli anotwitbstaiding the outrages
cdnirtlited by t'e people in this ie
trict i 'f ot eoiq for hens, tlhe'~e
turning Board hats given them a
"h.and ose majority."
"MI(T) 4Breda will please open
Court !
A 8QAP1lRE MEAL FOR FIFTY
CENTS at Bgrdick's BoardingRIouse.
A great' mniy pursons9enm to
think: that all laws are found in Stat
ute books. ThIs Is a great milske.
There is a law too high aS too sa
creO. to bhaprofaned by paper and ink,
and that tbhe "law of a resertv
tion," to which the people will no*
appeal.: Se the point?
Ti WtokTiisv t Ihes been vdlihd du
ring the' past week.' At limes the
thermomelne i iked V? be w zero,
lal at otbeiit 'went up quite
warm sgahf I"
On Sunday it 'irained in torrents9
and4,o at j eijo lng a.bracin
time.
Th eST 'tber ket affords and
wellJ lirv",t'i l`Btdlck's , loardiog
Ho c
Te VoTL.--Under the "broad
seals" of the. States, Tilden has 185
votes. ' Acentding to: the 'BALLOT
BOXES Tile, i~.sQ03eleetoral votes,
and yet t iek]epublicans claim that
Hayes will be fmddcdt. HIiowesn
it be done ?-by forte of course, ,
Shrevepor"Timesa, if the. 8tb Janua
ry Conteetions are to be merre paper
buallot cotceibs, then wvi' ad  "etter
,not make aisea of ourselves by hav
ing them. ,What the liberty-16ving
(Or suppoate be so) American must
now do,ts Yto test, and if not heed
ed-'TLt l E I -
Tr.r t a$1. i ras flour of 'Mc.
Quiet--Determined.
The people of our parish are not T1
lisposed to be demonstrative this pall
year from the fact that their minds if w
have been made up to what they in The
tend to do. day
Every. one is fully satisfied that the
four years of Packard. which would T
he but a dreary repetition of Kellogg, "wl
utterly rnins the country beyond armu
hope, and they have fully willed that and
there shall be no one year even of cWD
Packard. spi
Our enemies, and at the same time see
the mortal foes of decency, honor.and Mo
Amelican liberty, may think that A
we are no not in possession of power to the
rescue us front the evils that now car
threaten to destro3 us--in that they ted
are mistaken. We have the means Wi
' of at least mitigatiQg the evil which lio
r these fellows would bring upon us, coI
and we are fully determined to use an
them, cost what it may. Therefore, toe
a we think that bluster on the part of the
,any one connected with the Radical So
or party in our midst, is useless and an
Sdangerous. We have suiffeed suffi
cient as individuals to bind us in a of
body of fully determined and badly sit
Sabusned men-swagger and threats on th
oo the part of Radicals will only precip- m'
itate matters and should not be in- in
dulged In. or
fear is unknown to men in despair, in
much less to the white crtizens of 0
Nutchitoches who have seen men on m
other fields than these and possess st
wisdom sufficient to recognize the m
bully, the braggart and the brave. to
m We extend these hints for the edifi- de
cation of those whom we desire to to
S, profit by them--if they do so, well 1
and good- if not, then on their own as
d- heads be thg consequences.
"That cast is nice, where did you tl
get it" At McCook & Bro., plenty
of them and,: cheap i
CORN, NMAY, PORK, hIDES, AND
PECANS, have added much to busi
ness this year. Fat more so, than in
previous years. We flatter ourselves -
that the VINDICATOR Vas done its ,
dare in insisting upon" ore corn"- fa
and as an evidence of prosperity in. 1
that line, we have noted sales of that a
cereal as low as 40 cents per bushel, u
which has not occurred before in six- s
LO teen years. In ceosequenoc of this, i
O porkt has been fattened, and large v
amounts are offered on our streets at r
7 cents per pound for net meat. Hay a
18 in considerable quantities has been il
t sold, and a large amount of Pecans v
have found ready parehasers. Hides f
also have been in brisk demand, but i
ie the offering has been limited. If we a
r. had only a Government of respecta- v
to bility and honesty, Louisiana would o
renew her vigor in two years.
Mr. Marston is out in another letter
- in the Conshatta Citizen. We have
no time, space or inclinotion to fteply
to this last effort, and we sinocerely
trust that Mr. Marston has been in
jured tlheieby to as small an extent
the
as we. With reference to not an
noouncing or refusing to announce Mr.
Sandiford's name as a eandidate for
the Senate, we beg to remind Mr.
Marston that our rules were to charge
Sfor such annoanceeneat and when that
rulstecas complied with Mr. Sandiford
i' Mr. any one else had his name an
nounced and not before. We have
eat but to refer Mr. Mirneton to the notice i
ok which appeared in our columns long
before any conventia was beld to
that effect.
he The intended effect of our aI:ticle
has been accomaplished and with that
we ?ave Mr. Marston to flounder
es along his own path. For us, there are
m. mattelk more rave in appearanme
e. and serions in conseqnence requiring
Seaur attention than the "independents I
of Coushatta." We will, however,
en hope that Mr Marston will be foiund
with us, after becoming satisfied as
e must in timoe that he hast commit
ted an error, which we think of judg
Sment, and an act of iasuiberdination
to his party and hisi people, for which
at- the pardon is in not defending or
e. repeatifg it.
SCalliat McCook SlBro., fobri'cey
thing in the Dry Goods and Grocery
o line, you will certainly find it there.
, . e ---
BussNEss in the' cottodn lirecontin
,n- Iies k, in fact, up to to-day the
the e have been heavier than fior
yro,,ny previou corresponding date. We
tite nte4nprovements in the price o
the povious week, nod thile 0ol'ein
Its' quiten as liberal. Outside the. sale of
in coton and produce, such as the cortt
y sells, business is flat! All sales
are made.fbt' cash, and the nioney is
rnd 'sunk" instantly.
ing
A Carrinr 8uccess.--Mr. Winm.
dOampbell, one of our most'intellI
d gent and active farmersJas abandon
1 ed the cotton cultuore and will next
OT year devotei i time and talent in the
e, cultivatidn 'ciring and sale of Hay.
hat We pridet success from the start,
an d, A at wealth will flow tb. Mr.
, Canmpbell'from this enterprise(
Sfl is f will a large one, and
i. *t no diU's t day ~thir will go into
pr this branch of agriculture.
Remember. that McCook & Bro.
jag have a complete line of ladies and
t gentlemen ware.
'L "The foxes have holes and the
birds of the itr hIavenests" but Breda
iec- has not where to lay 19s judicial
hIuaI.
Morton'S Flight.
The dark cloud that hung like a The
pall over our country has been lifted where
if what our dispatches say are true. summ
The indications as ever of a "clear of tlh
day to-morrow" show themselves in the cc
the West unmistakably. R. B.
Those sturday sons of America Th:
"who clove their way to the sea" are aions
arming to assert their right to vote these
and their right to have that vote re- . Th
f crded and obeyed. Morton, the con- place
spirator, has rushed to the West to erto I
r see what it all means-in other words hall 4
; Morton has trembled. invit
t What else could lie have expected they
o than this ? Does he imagine that be- the.c
, cause the South has so long submit- Tl
y ted that the West will do s9 alsot then
i We firmly believe the slumbering as he
II lion has at last been roused, Wis- cord
s, consin, Ohio, Indiana and Illinois are so-:
ae armin. to resist to the death the at- coun
e, tempt to destroy their'constitution, Gov
of their government and their liberty. ers I
al So be it! We are witll them heart be it
id and soul. the
1i- Men of the North, let the first sound clarn
a of your guns, be it even the crack of a of c
ly single musket, break upon the ear of or b
in the anxious men South and one-half not
p- million brave hearts will be in line alre
n- in the instant with you. We have Sena
nnthing to revpngepo o + rcmlmberel YOr
ir, in this contest. We will fight simply it
of *ad purely for 'onstitutional govern- no'
on ment and for the integrity of our in. us
as stitutions-in that battle all opponents from
he must "clear the way." We are proud ed
re. to fel that American liberty is not sim
fi- dead and we are. ready to "form bat- suc,
to tallious" with our brethern of the J
ell West in this coming struggle and pre
rn await only, with hope and confidence, sue
"the fireing of the first gun" in the the
contest that must end in victory for tab
t the people, Sot
-- --- ke
Go to McCook & Bro., for fresh er,
drugs and medicines. siol
si- ' ern
in SINKING OF THE STEAMER'HOMER. tiol
res -The steamer HoIEltRa Fruck a snag me
its while on her up trip on Thursday be- thr
- fore last at 3:30 p. .m4 and was total- as
'in ly wrecked. She was heavily loaded
hat and the wind was high, she became for
el, unmanagable and ran into the ob
is- struction forward, sinking her idmost 1
li, instantly. The passengers-and crew at
rge were ordered 'up to the roof and all
I at reached that place of safety. The boat lar
fay suddenly lurched to the side throw- It"
ten ing them nearly all in the water in ral
ans which,;though not more than three or sea
des four feet. deep, five persons were en
but drowned. The cargo, or such of it
we as was got out in a damaged state,
:ta- was sold at Grand Ecore at auction cal
uld on Monday and Tuesdna hat. tic
-- m(
100 sacks of rust-proof oats at Mc- ca
:ter Cook & Bro,
are -- -
ply BY TELEGRAPH. co
ely "I
in- LOUISIANA, 18
BEGINS TO LOOK LIKE IBUSINESS, tr'
Sn- pecial to the Times. .
r. New Orleans, Dec. 16.-A Wash
r ington special says: "Much uneas
Mr. iness has been caused in political cir- ri
rge cles by the receipt of nstews that in Gm
Indiana the Democrats are forming cr
ord ip armed clubs in each county for the hr
an- purpose of enforcing their rights as
- voters. When the report reached
hice ere Morton started homb at once. G
ngThe matter was discussed in the
to Cabinet and the government officials
in Indianas were instructed to report
ie the facto to the AdmiaBtration at sec
hat once. The best opiilon is that, while
der perhaps the Democrats in Indiana,
ar Illinois and Wisconsin may be form
nco ug themselv-es into permanent organ- ye
u isations and that the RepublicansV
nts have become frightened at this, a se- p
Or, cret anti-Catholic society has been
d discovered here which is composed of an
government employees pledged to Gi
- the inauguration of Hayes. a
io0 MR. MORRISON'S DISPATCII TO SPEAK. I
mic ER RANDALL.
or New OrleanstDec. 15-The follow
ing was telegraphed to-night:
Hoe. Samuel J. Randell, Speaker, Wash- a
ington, D. C. .y.
Every obstacle has been and will le 0
er interposed to hinder this committee ca
in the dischalre of its dhty. Repub
lican witnesses havebeen. threatened
the and dare not testify withomt incuring c
f the loss of position and personal dan
We ger. Th1-pwolletiton of papefaldt l
Stelegms are' efhsed, it is believed,
in dpon assurances nf protection from
e of Washington. Withont the power of in
mu .thie House to enforce obedience to its
ales process the co'mmqttee cannot dis- a
t is charge its duty. $e House should re
remain in session.
SOUTH CAROLINA.
Vm. A
TIlE UATION UNCIHANGED
ion- Columbia, Dec. 15.-The House i
next committee examined several witnesses
the and have obtained returns from near
lay. ly all the precincts but about fifteen, .
tart, which will be supplied by testimony.
Mr. W' . D. Simpson, Democratic lieut- i
enaut Governor, to-day sent a letter d
and t the Senate elaiming his sent as the
into presiding ofificer of that body. The
letter was read and referred to the p
Judiciary Committee for report. t
Another ballot was taken to-day
and fob'TT. S. Senator by the Democrats n
in joint session. Votescattering. No
the choice.
reda The cisterns were dry in this city
icial as late this year as'the 20th inst. No n
nuch thing has over ooored hbefore. a
No Illusion, Propo
a The better to fully understand to It is proy
d where we are drifting-we beg to of the peop
e. summarize the following as the plan pective Sta
ir of the Radical party in foisting upon next, to tal
in the country their defeated President, c onilexionu
R. B. Hayes. liberties.,
a This is not a time to deal in illu- We thini
re sions and it is far better to look be producti
to these startling facts in the face. ded then-del
e- The counting of the votes will take know out t
n. place in the Senate Chambeo--hlith- dare urge t
to erto this ceremony has occurred in the of people a
,de hall of the House; the House will be 'pondeotl
invited to participate as titnesses if would sticE
ed they refuse, it makes no difference, a statute bhe
)e- the.count will go on all the same. being stru
it- The Presidlent of the Senate will who would
at then open and count jnst such votes Digest to 1
ing as lie pleases, he being sole judge, ac- meat of
is- cording to Radical authority, can do Conventiol
are so-and in the case of Oregan, he will ganimed ,
at- count the Hayes and Wheele'r votes, even Worst
on, Governors certificate or not,.the oth- sult to the
ty. ers having Governor certificates will ask the HII
art be ignored. This being done, then strike for
the President of the Senate will de- There h:
nd clare Hayes elected. The House will, remonstral
if a of course, object, and then the row, our thmnkil
of or back down begins. If Hayes has come for I
talf not enough votes from the States of those I
line already stolen, the President of tile ously talk
ave Senate will steal another-from New Press
rei York, Georgia-anywhere will do.
ply It niust be understood that there are Weshini
ern- no "forms of law" for this, and to dent, thein Tr
in- us down South, who have sufbred this eveni
euts from and.seen so mach of this boast- received a
ond ed Bpdioal party, the will to do it unlawful
not simply depends upon the measure of easiowher
casional r
bat- success., attributes
the Just how this will end we are not certain s8
and prepared to say, as in the wisdom of he has to
nee, such' Democrats North,' who think The adm
the their Districts likely to be uncomfor- insensible
for tably close in future elections, the ance, whi
South and her public journals must or false,
Indians a
keep their months shut-this hower- thdianks
resh or, w6 do know, if there be submis- sentimenl
sion to Hayes, it is the end of gov- of that
ernment by the people through elec- will hav4
vent any
aER. tions, and the substitution of govern- said forny
enag meat by a band of office-holders, serve co
be- through public robbers, organized many ofI
otl- as Returning Boards, supported by feelis ass
aded soldiers, and scorning law and tie, o i
:ame forms of law. men who
ob - '-e.--... civil wai
most highiest cash prices ppid for cotton everythii
crew at McCook & Bro. lose, in t
. calamtity
I all The Shreveport Telegram has a arise, tU
boat large amount of faith as well as brass. not hesit
row- t.says, "Hayes is sure to be inaugn- monal
or in rated." As le failed to get the "broad the Sen
ea or seals," we cannot see wherein he is be reco,
were entitled to the broad seat. that posi
of it -- render 1
;tate, Notwithstanding Jim Blaine's Radi- not his d
ction calism in politics, we do him the jins- pe any
tice to say that in times of war no le elects
more peaceable and orderly citizen in possec
Mc- can be tound. is not j
the ques
The Radical sheets throughout the ill l
countryv cannot realize the fact that laid tse
"Dear Rutherford" is slothlered. If theenfo
185 "broad seals," or 203 honest votes, servatio
wonllt elrt a PresiGent in this cono- cise of tl
S* t'ry, we would like to know just howt w mnt of
man' it does take.. not thin
eas.- Whhope! IhurraTHayes is got- four yea
I cr- right here the Teleg~aMn heard that the clan
uat in Grover had counted in one Demo. the Preo
'wing crat from Oregan, and proceeded to of a Ste
r the howl fraud! sident 14
its a --he is one a
he The Republican organt insist that hesitate
c Grant is a great mani drunk, "whllat arise.
once. fwould he be if poly sober." That, that dui
the 'we fear, will never be known. 1863, a
cials . - - of the I
oport Now is the time to renew your sub- by direc
in at scription to the VINDICATOR, for 1877. ad eo-I
while disturbt
iana, The "God and morality party"will
Form- we suppose, when they succeed in Loss
counting or fighting Hayes in, fer- Mathew
ICg vently and piously exclaim, "Let Us tation,
as prey." . t_. _ royed
been The New York Herald is quitoe The fire
ed of anxious to know how much further fiue to
I to Grant will be allowed to go, without sneceed
a check. Hie n ill go until he inds a pers,bu
'EAK halter, we suppose. onsum
Extrs
Ilow- The Newv Orleans Repplflean, This ne
Shreveport Telegram, and "sich like," Congh
vash- are heating all the old trombones and ,McLesB
yelling like blazes, "Hayes or war ' Globule
ill ~be Great GodI kill us legitimately if you' is form
oittee can, but don't scare ms to death. Throat
ipob. Boxes 2
tened How to recompense Louisiana for Lean, 3
mring counting her out-Return' in Board. .Read
dan- Foancy scarfs, shawls and ad ake at closed i'
McCook & Bro. FRsx
e, - - works ,
from Let us suppose there was a radical morro
ver of instead of a Democratic House of Re-oro
to its presentatives iand. then oollow that 'cloek
dis- supposition hy imagining thle direful favic r
hould result of all tlhese complications that
now beset the paths of. liberty,npd.d Oar i
then out people as well as th irfiole boeen a
American Union, thank Ood that the tion ha
SDemocrats ,olf[ the key to the post- Ied Ser
louse ion.- ' .... to ansa
esses The utterances of the bat of thiis upon
near- city in'last week's Vindicator Ihave the Helei
ftee, ring of the true metal and we desire port fo
mnny. to see our neighboring cepupty. cap- -
lieut- itols respond 'a nobly, of which we I
doubt not." "
The Grant says "bhe is going to have may be
to the peace if heI as to fight for it." Cer- diseise
tainly, Mt, tant, we are with you in latori v
:o-day that-but V. will not agree to sub- ficiai a~
crats mit to "yoer sort' of peace. spleep,
sist Na
g. No We deny the fact that Mir. iilden lish a i
is eleted-.[(Radiel papers. a' remov
is city Those papers have a talent for de- ahe o
b. No nying faets if they have a talent for of the
rore. any thing. poisona
Proposed Conventions. Our c
please;
It is proposed' to call Conventions once.
of the people to assemble in their res do so i
I pective States on the 8th January 14
a next, to take into consideration the
, conilexions thlit now environ their T
liberties.
We think these Conventions will
k be productive of much good.-provi TE 1
ded the-delegates sent, are men who
e know otit rights, and knowing them,
i. dare urge their maintainence. If a lot
ie of people are selected with a view to
e 'ponderous inactivity ;" and who
if would stickle at the printed pages of
a statute book when our liberties are
being struck down-if they be men
ill who would hunt for a clause in Ray's
es Digest to meet the advance of a Regi
e_ ment of armed infantry, then the Gral
to Conventions can bi i#otling but or
ill ganised and licensed farces-and
,, even Worse, for they would be an in- AlSS 1
I- sultto the brave people who now but Famed
ill ask the heavens for a bold leader to will i
et strike for 'themnElves. antcs t
e- There has been too much petition,
11, remonstrance and prayei already, to
our thinking, and the time has now
as come for an active physical assertion at whi
,es of those rights we have so clamor DRAN
ho ously talked about so long.
ew President Grant's Views.
ire Weshington, Dec. 18.-A dispatch The pc
to the Tribune says that the Prebi
dent, in conversation with a friend
red this evening said that thus far le had -
at- received no official information of any
) it unlawful movement in Indi a. or
oelsewhere. What he has seen-oc- LL
casional references in newspapers, lie T
attributes to political agitation in notifii
not certain sections of the country, and .Jauna
of he has received information to that me to
effect 'from other unofficial sources. paid
ik The administration, he said, is not
or- insensible to the necessity of vigil- aont
the anoe, whether these reports are true Dec
ust or false, with the reference to this
Indiana excitement. 'The President
ev- thinks that should it-spread the loyal Cq
his- sentiment of a majority of the people r
ov- of that State, and of the country,
lec- will have influence enough to pre
vent any outbreak. The President
rn- said further that it is gratifying to ob
era, serve conservative spirit shown by 11
ized many of the Southern, leaders, and le li
feels aeaured that the same disposi- I
tion will ultimately prevail all over It
the Igd; and he believes that the ly A
men who are now disposed to incite contr
civil war are only tilose who have to 8
Iton everything to gain and ndthing to cult,
lose, in the event of such a nationa C
calamity. If the emergencf . does TOra
as a arise, the President Mid lie should ing
ar,. not hesitate to execiW this constitu- the
tional authority. Whoever is for- as P
gn- madly declared .by .the President of Figs
road the Senate to have been elected will Plun
re is be recognized by Getieral Grant to It cc
that position, and t 'him will he sur- Fam
render the 'reins of. authority. It is cld
adi- not his desire to force ujntm the peo- ant
jus- pie any particular perso, buthe will use
see that the person who is delared to well
r no be elected*tts his slecesior is placed Fain
izen in possession of the Qovqrnment. He The
is not judge of the election; when ty r
the question is determined, his duty VS ti
w the Vill l plrrit. General Grant said vlin
that tat i0fore ntll since the election le Te
hald used his executive power only for
If the enforcement oftle lats and pre- A;
otes, servatiounoF s.aCfv drln an elr- On
one- cise of the powerr nferred upon him I
ho w:u'ill comtiuu'e. til the last mo
moaent of liis responsibility. He does
not think that the Government whichl
has withstook the shock of neatly
ot- four years battle will now fall before
that the clanior of a mob. The power of 18'
amo- the President to call out the military -
d to of a State in the event of an attempt the
to resist the inauguratiean of the Pre- yr
sident legally declared to be elected, i
that is one which General Grant will not
hesitate to use, should any occasion sion
itat arise. He said that in his recollection UF
rhat, that during the riots in New York, in adve
1863, a portion of the National Guard the
of the Empire State was called out
sub. by direct authority of the P'resident, wm
877 and co-operated with regular United byt
States troops in suppression of the (
will disturbance. vi
d in Loss Bi FxItI.-The store of Mr
fer- Mathew Xertsog, on Magnolia Plan- f
let a tation, near Clontierville, was des' en
troyed iv fire one night last week. ll
Inite The fire riginated from a defective tit
rthier fne to the chimney. Mr. Hertzog the
shout succeeded in'savi4 hi. pafe and pa
ads a prs, but hisi mercha~se was entirely Ti
consumed. , the
Extrao~dinary triumph of science.
i't, This new principle, new way, to cure uni
Ike," Congh & CoaumptionDr. J. H. o4
Iand ,McLean's Congh and Ling Healing pre
'a i Globules. As rapidly as the Globules " "
Sdissolve in the month, -a healing gas our
you Is formed and inhaled, which cures oi
Throat and Lung diseases. Trial g.
Boxes 25 cts, by mail. Dr. J. H.Mc- oft
a for Lean, 314 Chestnut St., St. Louis. one
R cad 'arefully our Suppliment in- its
ka at closed in this issue. ' per
Fnsworeks.--The display of Fire
works will take place on Sunday, to- -
dical morrow (christmas eve) evening at 7
o'clook, P. M, If the weather is not
that favorable, it will be postponed, of
ieful which due notice will be given. L
d Our Democratic cotemporaries have
ole b~eon atsking, "for what war-like ac- D1
it the tion has Don Cameron beeR. appoint- gg
posr- ed Secretary of War.e We are able ret
to answer that it was foae his charge i
f this upon leTreaury of the 8tc tates.
re the Helehn West Troupe left Shreve
lesire port for this place, on;the 21st inst.
h we .JBefore life is imperilled, deal judi.
Ctaiuuiy with the sy mptoms. RIemeid
beretbtitle slight disorder of to-day1, .
have may become an obstinate, incurable
disease to-nikrow. As aVtennitve
- medicine rake Simmons' Liver;Bego
m in latori which,. by itsujild and bene
isub- Icial action on the liver, stomach and S
spleenp, is eminently ealculatesdo as- ar
sist Nature in her efforts to re estab- w
ilden lish a healthy condition. It will also tie
1- remove the cause of disease without DI
any of that prostration which follows pro
tde he use of drastic pnrgatives, or any
t for of the injurious effi of mineral
poiesons.
Our city and country friends will
please reneW their subscribtions at
once. They have but one week.to
do so in before the new year begins.
THEATRE!
THIE FAVORITE'S SECOND VISIT !
MISS
Grand CHRISTMAS Bill.
MISS HELEN D'ESTE, supported' by her
Famed Company, revisits our city and
will give her first of a series of perform
ances on
CHRISTMAS EVENINC
at which will be presented the thrilling
DRAMA entitled
DITOZRO.
The performance will ta;ko place at the
FIREIMEN'SI HALL.
BAKER'S NOTICE.
ALL persofs'ieudebted to me, for Bread
A Tickets, or otherwise, are hereby
notified to settle their bills on or before
Jaunary, 1877. Hard times will compel
me to refuse tickets to parties who have not
paig their dues.
All those having claims against me
are requested to present them for settle
ment. PHILIP POETE.
December 23, 1876.-3i.
FARMERS AND FANTERS
SUBSCRIBE FOR
0I ll loIlil illD
iURL OUTHLAID
FOR THE YEAR 1877. a
It is theleading and Oldest Week
ly Agricultural paper in the South;
contains everything of value suitable
to Southern Agriculture, such as the
culture of Cotton, Sugar, Rice, Tobac
co, Corn, Wheat, Rye, Oats, Peas the
Grasses, Silk, Ramie, Moss, Potatoes,
Turnips, Cabbage, etc., etc.; the rais
ing of all kinds of Stock for the South ;
the culture of all kinds of Fruits, such
as Peaches, Pears, Apples, Oranges, V
Figs. Lemons, Piueapples, Japan
Plums, Grapes, Pomuegranates, etc., ,
It contains a choice department for the
Family Circle; gives all the News in a
condensl form ; gives also the latest
New Orleans Market Reports; and
contains many Valuable Receipes for
use on the Farm and Plantation, as
well as many Useful Facts .for the
Family, the K;tchgn, or the Sick Room.
The paper is printed from clear, new
type, and contah; s sixteen pages of
v;lnable matter every week. The 13th
volume conunences .,January, 1377.
The Subscriptiou ptice is $2.50"per
year, post-paid, $1.5 tfor 6 months, or
25 cents for one month, in advance.
Aadress -
Our Home Journl altirtarlaot-.
land, NEW ORLEANS.
THiE SUN, x
W1;
1877 NEW YORK. 1877 w,
se
The different editious of THE SUN during
the next year will be the same as during the
year that has just passed. Thi doily addition
will on week daysho a sheet o four , or
56 broad columns; while the weekly edition
will be a sheet of eight pages of the same dimd -
siuns and character thatare already familiar'to fe
our friends. fe
THE SUN will eontinue to be the strenuouns a
advocate of reform aud retrenchment, and of
the substitution of statesmanship. wisdom, and re
integrity for hollow pretence, imbecility, and at
fraud iuthe administration of public affairs. It it
will contend for the government of the people
by the people and for the people, as opposed to
government by frauds in the ballot- box and in
the counting of votes, enforced by military
violonoe. It will endeavor to euply its read- tli
ers-a body now not far from a mi of souls u
-with the most careful, comple d trust.
worthy accounts of current even , and will
employ for tits purpose a nuuerous and care. I
fully selected staff of reporters and correspon- st
dents. Its reports from Washington, especial- C
ly, will be full, accurate, sad fearless; and it
will doubtless continue to deserve and enjoy
the hatred of those who thrive by plundering fil
the Treasury or by usurping what the law does Ic
not give them, while it will endeavor to merit d
the.confidenco of the public by defending the
rights of the people against the encroachments
of anjnetiied power.
The price of the daily SUN will be 55 cents oi
a month or $6 50 a tear, post paid, or with I
the Sunday edition $S 70 a year.
The SUNDAY edition alone, eight pages
$y 20 a year, post paid.
The Weekly Sur , eight pages of56 br~ad col.
umns, will ne furniLheduring 1Ttat the rate
of i a year, post paid.
The benefit of this large reduction from the to
previous rate for the Weekly can lie enjoyed by
individual subscribers without the necessity of
making up clubs. At the same time, if any of
our friends choose to aid in extending our cir o
Solation, we shall be grateful to them, and every c
such person who sends ns ten or more subsori
eI rs from one place will be entitled to one copy I
of the paper for himself without charge. At
one dOiar a year, postage paid, the expenses of
paper and printing are baroly repaid ; and, con.
sidetlng the sise of the abee ML the nsalit1
its constants, we are cenfdeb peoplestlti
consider the Weekly Sux the cheapest newspa '
per published ia the world, and we taast also a
one er best. a ,
Aone, NewYork City, N. T.
Iloies for All.
LANDS can b l"4. quantities -of
I froj 50 to 100l acres either ou sale
or reitP These lands are of the
BEST RED RIVER BOTTP19I,
under high state of impro inent and
ready for settlers.
'Lands for Sale as, Cheap as
the Ordinary Real.
Information fnrnished on application
to this office by person or letter or call
cn L. CHARLEVILLE, ESQ., or L. A.
SERS, ESQ., Clouticrville, La.
Dec. 2-1m
SDaviS' cR aE adez 1
IDISTILLERS.
CIP E PROPRIETORS of the Celateje 4
ak GLENWOOD WHISKEY. These godgs
are warranted strictly a pure SOUR MASH
WHISKEY, made on the old plan of Distilla.
tion, and particularly reoommended for ME
DICINAL P[TRPOSES. Orders Solicited and
promptly filled from Warehouse
No. 297 MAIN STREET,
LOTTISVILLE KENTUCKY.
dAril It.
NEW ADIVERTISEMENTS. 1
SANTA CLAUS
has established headquarters ;it
JOHN RUSCA'S
for 1877, where there is displajeda
large assortment of
TOYS AND FANCY CODS, '
to suit all tastes r
CHRISTMAS PRESENTS
can he found for old and young and
at plices to suit the hard times, Let
every one who wants to enjoy a
HAPPY CHRISTMAS
call and select a handsome present fr ,
parent, child, husband or lover at
JOHN RUSCA'S
The KING of the Carnavag
PLANTEI's REFORf LIN.,
The commodious Al stoameri
KIINNEY.
J. B. Kiuney, Master.
R. W. ,GAN,
A. G. SWAL, Master.
FANNIE TATUM,
JNo. W. ELWELL, Master.
(TILL run regularly in the New Of,
V V leans and Shreveport trade during
the entire season. PArticular attention
will be paid to all business entrusted to
l thir care.
SDec. 9.-3m.
Bargains.
HORSES AND MARES, can be bought
L1 for Cash, Corn, Beeves or Hoge, ~ t
from t
TWENTY TO SIXTY DOLLARS.
Apply atonce to
ply a H. P. ANTILLEY,
at Sompayrac place, opposite the city
Natchitoches Dec. 2-1.,
Protect Your Buildings.
Which may be done with oinr-fourth the
usual expensefby using our
Patent Slate Paint
I (Fifteen Years Established.)
O MIXED READY FOR USE,
Fire-proof, Water-proof, Durablet
Eeonlomieal and Ornamental,
A roof may lie coverqd. with a very
cheap shingle, and by ap lication of thlu
slate be made to last from 20 to 25 years.
Old roofs can be patched and coated,
looking much better and lasting longer.I,
than new shingles without the slate, f
One-third the Goet ofRe-shg
The expense of elating jio shing "
only about the cost of shiply-I
them The paint is Fire-proof again
spaiss or flying embers, as may be e
ly tested by any ollg. - -
It 8tops Every Leak .
ntdior tin 'oriron. has no equal, sf aIt
expanus by heat contracts by cold, and
neveor craei no scales, Roofs eorhbl
with Tar Sheathing Felt: can be amde
77 water-tight at a umall epqunse, and pr~
- served for sany yeats.
Tug hisSlate Patl6t -
tiO Extremely Cheap.
STwo gallons will cover a hundred squlb
ito feet of shingle roof, while on tin, iron,
felt, matched boares, or arny +moqth er-f:
o faee, *tom two qlarti to one gallon
ad reqaiurred to 100 sqlnar~ feet of esrfare._
ad and although the paint has a heavy bodt:
It it is easily applied with a brush.
i No Tar is used in this CompoEItiol
therefore, it neither..cracks in Winte~
l nor runs in Summet.
On decayed shingles, it fills up thE
re- holes and pores, and ies a new sab
on- stantial roof that will last for
lal- Curled or waypei shingles it brinI
i their places, atid kee them theT
fills up all holes in tip ' foP , stops the
oes leaks -and although a slow dryer, nr
rit does not affect it a :ew hours after dl)
ying. As nearly all paints that
black contain .Tar, be sure yo o,
et our enninag article, which (for shig
ag ,, 4 Uhoeolate rtolo. .
Swhe first 1ed, changiag .in saout
montlh to a uniorm slate color, and lI,
the to all intents and purposes Slate. Oa
Titn Roofs
o ounr r color is usually PtRored, aeate
coat is equal to five of any ordinary paint.
For
a o Brick Walls
our Bright Redis the only reliable Slate t
'Palint ever introduced that will effectu
o ally. prevent dampness from penetrating
and disebloring the plaster.
- . Thesekpainta arad also largely need .
- out-houses and fetlice o, sua priming,~Q
coat on fine buildings.
Our only colors are Chocolate, Red,
Bright Red, and Orange.
-o New York Cash Price List.
sale 5 Gallons, can and box 5 50
10 " keg 9 50
20 " half barrel 16 00
40 " one barrel 30 0O
and We have in stock, of our own manp
facture, roofing materials, etc., at ti.
following low prices:
as 1000 rolls extra Rubber Roofing, at S
cents per square foot. (Or we will thr
nish Rubber Rooting, Nails, Caps, and:
tion Slatrp Paint for an entire new roof, at 4j
ca cents ner square foot.)
. A. 20100 rolls 2-ply Tarred Roofing Felt,
at 1 cents per square foot.
30Q0 rolls 3-ply Tarred Roofinug Felt, at
Scedints per square foot.
200 rolls Tarred Sheathing, at j cent. .
Sper square foot.
5000 gallons fine Enamel Paint, mixed,
Sready for use, on inside or outside worklt,:
at $2 p.,r gallon, all shades.
1000 Bhls Slate Flour per lbi. $3 00
1030 " Soapstone Flour ' 3 00
10(0 " Grafton Mineral " 3 00
[AS 1000 " Metallic Paint, dlry " 3 00
tilla- Special prices per ton or car-load lots.
ME- All orders must be accompanied with
I and the muoney;or sub.iect to 30 days draft on
well known ,parties.
N. Y. SLATE PAINT COMPANA,
102 ,&' 1l0! .aidet Lane.N , . -