ly r lti i tai t 'hit, fi td If 'e ( l.'I..
..... i , l  1--1;; " / ,- ---- -
t o w lEditor & Ii ri, lIl'ltor.
,, llre --- 1-,o 0 50 5 $,0 9 $ 15 0 $2 00
..quare " i lii i 1 5 7 1 it250 0 4 5) 0 ,11, -Pulislied E-very ST' R0DAY Mornlintg
S_ re I, THE WEL ARE OF TIlE PEOPLE iS THEI SUPIREME LAW. o
Sllir'.... _l or_, O 1 00 41 f1 05 01 11 it__)_,______11_ One -tii -I 11)11 -..............
tl squares .n. 1 . . 00 . . .... ... .... ..... .. W1 - - --O.. On py' i" ~mi h... ... ...1.
S Iq I I) (1 Ný 00, 70 O_0)l 1151 01.1,5 0,) Official Organ of the White Citizens of lRed River, Sabine, Winn and Natchitoches Parishes. ni., .t,,,.,, ,kr 1.. (,i,""" s,,i.
.-- .. _ ----. - -- ----- ........ - .. ....A.. ......'u-u- .\l dv rtiu's' nt fur has than She
.nee ;treir,. ,i , n,,rtl"n,. E""i ch iVOt IV NATCHIITOCF L ES, LA., JANUARY , 1878. L A'O. 'aJe 2. ,,t
aOeLtinserthn i. c S per square, -
t, t ni niru , _.tt.. ..Ii oIIre .... ___ ,__ , _ :_· . .,, ;iL . ;,!, I1 r,17 . In ..... in r ......
-UsI NESS: DIREC`TORYh
KI -:;'.,'nityl Grceries, ,.Corner 21 and
5. nis 'tretTT
MAY i.'ll -\Vd antd Itlackstnith Work,
. Church Street
.- -It', e New stand--lBeer Gardens, RE
A. Fine Wines, iiquailr aind ni,:lrs. St.Dewts.
-.A i.A,~ lt:ul raant. St D,,enis Street. ct
LEX IE.FIE--. Notary IPui'e, St, Dents of
street. _ .Jo
VELY TrCKIll-Genrail Collectiný
AAgenlt alld Canv1 ser, St. Denis street.
SBRoK. n lan d l,,istols soldl, , adei and
. Repaired. St. Des S'tree.t'
tL.ART)D &C I \P1BELL--M'I'haldisatl u l
Plntation Snpple.l , Front st'et'
SCAPTTN,CrN Ii,tlh & CITAPLIN--At
S.\ y T -Fai ilvt Gr'teries and
1,OU ra Mercilhaldizf. t rout street.
`- ARI , r -),ITaIr CII--Drv Goolds, ( (;t'i.
,,,. el-n' ae ll;lllhdil"i. Sle Pi
g ýe S I , r r . , l snH tt atI S llzoes. F ron t street. C o ll
'1 I; SCAR!.s(R )1 C'rH. Attorney io!n
ct Ofire with W. 11. Jack. Serond St. t.h.
SOrle
F 0GE I; lA I -RI.l\-l ily Gro(eries, under
MasoaicLi,1'e . ed atree.,it
-- O\TELX yr-Planters' Il.tel-Fovorite
G. farlmers alld strlla ers rl t. St. en-ils-. n. .
G RIEN -lit.ts and1 , ShslIs made and11 repair
e, St I,,nis Street.
dSORiE W. KEANEY.--Recorder and No
Stars Public, Court lou.-e, -d street.
NRY G(ENITS--('harter Oak Stoves and
]].Tinware, Front tr'eet. rece
HKAFFEE.rDI)ry Goods and Groceries, Front O
H" street.
A Dry Goods ad Loeeriesy Front street.ries,
Front street. D.
H PEICY.- Surveyor. St. l)e'isstreet. HA
H SIMON-D)rv Goods and Grcneries, W
Stiotonl Street.
I NELKIN-Dry Goods and Groeeries, Tktler
* son, street.
I JACOBS-DIrv Goo(ds and, Groceries, below
. the Dirt bridge, Jefferson Street.
0IJB RU' DA--Drv Gonis and Groceries,
b low the Dirt bridge.,Jefferson Street.
fNO.GENOE & CO--Dry Goods and Groceries,
SWashinlton street.
JAS. GE[NIUS-Drv Gunods and Greceries,cor
e nor Jeferson and Amulet Streets.
J W. SU'trnA'I--Thle Phoenix-Choice Li
_ quors and Cigars, St. Denis Street
JAe M. B. TUCKER-Attorney at Law St.
Dents Street.
TAS. KING...Watchmaker and Jeweler, St.
Deals street.
J DUNCEKLIMAN--.ll arness and Saddlevy,
SWashington street.
C. TIICIIEL-General Merrhandire.Weash
J. iagon street.
J DUCASSE--General Assortment of Mer
* ehandise, VWashinton street.
J Hi. STEPRFI  .-Lnmher Yard, inteerection
" Front, Lafavette and Washington streets
, J.. McCO(H)K & Bll).-General 'Vholewale
Sand Retail D)ealer aned sole Agent for Wag
was, Washington street.
J A. DUC(:ORN.A -Ul-arv" and Staple Pry
i Goods, loots, Shoes, hats and Clothing.
Front street .1
S AMES T. SPIROWf - lHonse, sign, and or- A
V wimental painter, Front St., corner Tonlline.
L CARTEL-The Gemr Bar Roon, choice s
Wines. Liqcors and Cigars. Front street.
L- V & PHILLIPS--Full rck',Fancy and
S1 taple Dry Goods and Groceries,Front st.
L. DUPLEIX." Laud;Agent, ~. Denis street.
OPORSE & DRANGUErT-.Attorneys at Law,
, d street, corner Trudan.
S H. CARVER-DrV Goods, Groceries and
l.* General Merchandize, Front street.
0 SCHA1FFRATH-Boot and Shoe Maker,
" . St. Denis Street.
O CAPMARTIN-GoneraI assortment of
SGoods of all kinds, Jeferson steet.
EDOWLL & GALlAON-Physicainl and Sur
n •oedss St. Denis Street.
P V VULEMAN - Undertaker, Washington
S Street.
p*POETE-Baker, Jefferson street.
PI- TITJEAN ILUDWORTH & CO-Wood
Swork and Blaeksmithing, Corner 3d and
S lbley ts..
P VEITLEMAN-.-Family land Plantation
* Oroeerles, Washington street.
R. e CALVES...--Dentlist, Jefferson street
SIl. BURKE--Cheap Pamily and Western
Grocery Dealer, Front street.
IB P. IUTSOT-Livnty, Sale and Feed Stable,
L. 8.5, Inals Street.
o eon Street, below Dirt bridge.
I Wl NBARO-General Merchandize. Plan
'eStlon and Family Supplies. Front Street
C T PONS-Dry Goods and Groceries, Wash.
i ,tlt street,
i: LACOsTE-Drnsait and Apothecary,Front
- pAu, LLER-Bn ek's Brilliant Stoves and
A*.slvare, Washlugton Street.
WPYSIN-Billiard Room an lar, Front
t I tltKA.N--Wholesale and Retail $er
'A * kat-general assortment for the trade
ts. t street,
" I: JAGCK.-ttoraey at Law, ld street,
" * eorner Trudan.
W~0~,O8T--Boot and Shoe Maker, St. Deals
Professional Cards.
-. J. CUo.NIXG JJ1R,
ATTORNEY AT LAW.
44 O uM Street, NEw ORLES LA.
Lattkd the Ja aad December terms
t the Distt lM leurts at his old home
xateahtehe u •
(Saoseeaer to JACE . P1n3te)
Afttrnsey and Couswelor at La,
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
WILpraetleee tth CeOarteof Natehitoehes.
Sablme, Desoto. Red River, Wina, Rapidea,
 rat, and i the Supreme Court of the
S4laim promptly attLedte.
. i': .?.
, I'O)RW5Y AT LAW.
the lraetiee of his Profession.)
ini the Parish and Diatrlet
o J ateciteekem sad Red River
b atLenilan. United States Dis-.
lst OPart LoueaIhna and U. S.
l at Washingtn. -
ia th Laeos Baildldg (Up
.kf ý fý `y
JOUWi' tI. ROIISRTOir,
(Late of New Orleans,)
ATTORNEY & COUNSELOR AT LAW
(O1LSHIATTA,
RED RIVER PARISH, LOUISIANA.
Will practice in Coushatta, Natchito
ches, lManitild, Many, and in every part 1
of North-west Louisiana Splcial atten
tion given to Land saes and uttcessions.
June 9th, 1-77-tf.
IH. CUNNINGIIAM.
Attorxnry t ou1Bellor at at r,
St. Denis Street,
Natchitoches, : : : : a.
ILL, give prompt and personal at
V tention to all business enfnustotl to
his care
Practices in the rDst ict' iný .r;5i
Courts in the Parishes of Natchitoches,
'Red Ri ver, D)eSoto and Sabine, and before
the Supreme Court at Monroe and New
Orleans. Jan 5 "7T-ly.
D.I,"L. C. SC. RI ORO GIGI
ATTORNEY IN FACT.
W ILL practice in the District and
Parish Courts of Natchitoches,
Winn. Sal:iue and Grant.
All business intrusted to his care will
receive prompt attenlion.
SOlice with W. H. Jack Esq., Second
Street, Corner Trudcaux, Natchitoches,
La. Dec. -ly.
DRS. POWELL & GALLION,
HAVE ASSOCIATED THEMSELVES IN
TIlE PRACTICE OF MEDICINE
AND SUR(GERY.
OFFICE ON
St. D)enis Street, : Natchitoches, La.
Jan 5 '7n-:3u
AM. A. Drunn,
- Physician and Surgeon
l, ontgomery, La.
Business Cards. Ihe
C. A. BULLARD N. II. CAMPBELL I
Bullard & Campbell, t61
-DEALER8 IN
DRY GOODS, their
GROCERIES, .,"
IIARDWARE, ofb
And Gencral'Merchandise.
Corner FRONT & LAFAYETTE Street,
Natchitoches, La.
HIGHEST ca.h price paid for cotton uand
coolltry prodlco in oasib or imerchandise.
Mar IIh '5 -iy.
Peter Vou.xCeman,
-DEALERI IN
FAMIL Y GROCERIES
A full assortment of WA.tLL-PAPER con
stantly on hand.
Sniº,eal inducements to CASH Customers.
WASHINGTON STREET,
Natchitoches, La.
iMatch 25-1y.
--------------------------
J., C. Triohell,
--DEALER IN
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, IIARD
WARE, BOOTS and SHOES, HATS, 1
ETC.
Highest cash price paid for Cotton and -
Country Produce.
WASHINGTON, ST.,
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
a. . IE, 3EBUU' lii3. ,
Id -dealer in
@*ROOCERZES
- FRONT STREET, Natchitoches, La.
rn C. L. WALMSLEY. R. 1, WALMSLET
- C. L. WALMSLEY & CO, '
COTTON FACTORS
--AND
GENERAL COMMISSION MERCHANTS.
s Perdldo St., New Orleans, La.
March 25-1y.
out
- Osoar C0hopi3.i
,nd
COTTON FACTOR
nt -AND-
COMMISSION MERCHANT,
No. 65 CARONDELET ST.,
jet, July 1 -ly New Orleans.
Isis
I. D. WORRALL,
WITH
m, SIMMONS' HARDWARE CO.,
-IMPORTERS OF
LA. HJRD l'JRE f CUTTLER r
Sn ST. LOUIS, MO.
July 14-.m.
T. S. FOSTER JR.,
* WITH
ORR & LINDSEY,
-MANUFACTURES AND JOBBERS
B OOTS ad HBOES
SST. LOUS1, MO.
July 14-0m.
JOU N. TUCKER,
s Magistrate Ward 1.
SSt. D1eajs treet, :: Natdhitoekes, Lq.
SpROMPT attention given to all bnusiness
p entrausted to his care.
}I Claima collected at small cosat.
Refers to thie Bar Generally.
r· Jan o'7817
this ii
Colim
Is the most genial balsam ever used by setiii
sufferers fromt ulmonary dilsese4 es, i t
It is composed of herbal products, which
have a specific effect on the throat and "oli
lungs; detaches from the air cells all ir
ritating matter; causes it to be expecto- osi to
rated, and atonce checks the Inflammation tlhi
which produces the cough. A single dose
relieves the most distressin paroxysm. tll,d t
soothes nervousness, and eniseles the suf
ferer to enjoy quiet rest at night. Being as 1tl O
pleasant cordial, it tones the weak stom
nch, and is specially recommended for
children.
What others say about :
Tutt's Expectorant. cltoe
Had Asthma Thirty Years. 1it't
BALTIAIORI, February 3. 'S7,1. _e t
ST have had Asthma thirty years, and never ioan4
.sat dacisn that hi& tI l happV effect." C.i 11i
W. F. HOGAN, Charles S th K e H
A Child's Idea of Merit. "
aw IN m c I November 11, t 576. Tut CCe
"Tutts Erpectorant is a familiar name in my house. l
My wife thinks it the best medicine in the world,
and the children sav it is 'nicer than molasses eliti
candy."' NOAH WOODWARD, 101 N. PoydNas tN. t . s
"Six, and all Croupy."
"I am the mother of six childrn ; all tem have
been croupy. Without Tulrt's Erectorint, I don't ot
think they could have survived sore of the attacliks. le
A Doctor's Advice.
" In my practice, I advise all amilies to keep Tutt'
Expectorant, in sudden emergencies, for coughyl ,g rilll
I croup, diphtheria, tc." hit"
T. P. ELLIS, M.D., Newark, N. J. I.
Sold byl all drugfists. Price *1.00. Ojilce
35 Murray ltreet, New sYork. e wis
"T TREE I C BrITSi FU the,
ileTutt'sPill
Conw
"THE TREE IS (Iý BY ITS FRUIT." ""l'i
"Tutt'sPills are worihtheir wrght in gold." lilt)!
REV. I. R. SIMPSON, Louisville, Ky. to l ti
"Tuft's Pills are a sp'ci blessing of the nine- };II
Steenthcentury."-REV. F. R. OSGOOD,Nsw York. Del
"I have used Tutt'~flr torpor of the liver. Cot
They are superior to any medicine o r biliary dires- v
Sorders ever a T s.." t
, I. P. CARR, AtUM t Law, Augusta, Oa. U
I have used Tutt's 1 ve years in my family. I
They a uneualed fnrcostivness and biliousness.
. R. WILSON Georgetown, Txas. has
"I have used Tutt's a'Ticnewith reat benefit." Cot
W. W. MANNEditor Mobils Reister. to
"We sell fifty boxes outt Pills to five of aU sl
others."-SAYRE & CO Csrtsrsvillo, Ga.
"Tutt's Pills have' be tried to establish COi
their merits. They work like magic." Ha
W. N. BARRON,_ 9Summer St., Boston. Ti
"There is no medicine so well adapted to the cure
of bilious disorders as Tutt's Pills." Cli
JOB. BRUMMEL, Rihbmond, Virginia. hit.
AND A Ti' ND MORE. ta
Sold by druggists. 25 cona a bo. Offic* cot
85 Murray Street, Ne'w York.
od M citl
TUTT'S HAIR DYE ti
HIGH TESTIMONY. '1l
S FROM THE PACIFIC JOrJRA'qL. i1
"'A CRYA ' IýVEN orkr, qu
- as been made by R.TT. of R lw Y or)k, d
which restores youthful beauty to the hair. it
That eminent chemist has rut eeded in
producing a Hair Dye whic imitates iZt
rs. nature to perfection. Old bachelors may 1
now rejoice." t
Prime $1.00. Offee 35 Murray St,,
New York. Sold by all druggists. to
p,. Shaefratil, t
Boot and Shoe Maker. tL
HALLENGES the world for neatness ic
and drrahility of work. Satisfacti -' ci
in tit and material ghir;rlitet'l d
rs, S hot n St. Denis St.,
and . ] .aem oe ,
NOTARY PUBLIC. i
- (Office under Vindicator Office,)
ST. DENIS STREET, c
NATCHITOCHIES, LA.
April 29.
-!. 1 NORE 8,
sa JEWELER, JEWELER,
--AND-- --AND-
TS. OPTICIAN. OPTICIAN.
All kinds ofrepairung done at the short
est notice, and in the most artistic maln
ner, with fiull satisfaction guaranteed.
Clo~s, Watches and Jewelry for Sale at
the Lo est Rates.
A FULL de COMPLETE STOCK.
Office and Shop on St. Denis St., corner Second.
Dec. SS- 4.
s. JAMES C. MOISE,
- Portrait Painter, Natchltoehes La.
CABINET SIZE:AND PRICES EXCLU
SIVE OF FRAMES, OVAL OR
SQUARE.
CO 8x10 $15,00. 10x12 $16,00. 12x14 17,50
14x16 $20,00. Il6x18 $25,00.
18x20 $30,00. 18x24 35,00.
R r LIFE SIZE, HEAD AND BUST, OVAL'
OR SQUARE.
-20x24 $40,00. 22x27 545,00. 25x30 $50,00
KIT-KAT, SQUARE.
29x36 & 30x36 $80,00, each.
Portraits ofdeceased persons painted
from photographs.
Dee 15-tf
SJOSEPH C KEYSER,
Brickmlaker and Layer.
I PREPARED to do all work entrusted
I to him quickly and in a workmanlike
manner. Tomb, Chimneys, Cisterns and
other work solicited.
Orders left at BULLARD & CAMP
BELL'8 will be promptly attended to.
, I . Jan. 27, 1i.
ainees ------------..""""""""""".
Beverly 'Pourer,
General Collector.
- AI Ahcaouits. promptly collocte4.
OUIR TAS!IIISNT ON LETTER.
W.tsutxllrrox. D. C., .lJan , 1. 7 .
It is per!:hps ueeless, to sad that lt
this is the, mlost implortant cs.ssionti of Wad nl
Conlgreýs evIer held, but the truoth a 1il)l1
seems to be that it is. The llouse gationii
and Senate meit yest'trllay and did T'1le
lothinlg but there is nilch holpe that ill favo
oni tol Illil lnI'w or li) Monday, sinle- fron (C
thing will he doune. It is Inot to lie
thought that, wilih full control of the Firan
lHousce and practical control of the at Key
Senatl', the 1))emlocrat s will allow: the tor ofit
sessionu to he , ittered iaway in useIless day, re
diseussions. But yesterday was not ' Ors'l
the kind of ilay that inspires I 1)enio- inlh .,
crts \it Ii confidence. Oae almost ithe 'I'
in view of yestlierday's proceedings re- 'T r
grets that Mrr. tRandall, who setlild ttrict l!
Ie the only l)enmocrnat in the Ilouse
ic.ipable of k'adcalhiIp, w' " aken iOrli I 1
the tloor anld put in the chair. anl I
There are, besides the siial and liussi;
necessary appropli iation hills, but is l i
few nlattel s that need enlgage the at- treat t
te onitli o'f ('Coingress. First aimlllig gailtic
thllese I place the general amnlesty nlie are:
hill. It will, or at least, oughtit to will 'r
have ea'rly consideration. When a
t 'te is reacheId there is no idoult of ;10; t
the resullt. Leut us hope that those l'!ront.
who can dio iso will insist oill all early a divi
vote. Ift Mi'. Stehetis is in ealtllesl eil'i.n
in wishiing for the passage of ii bill ;Sisie
gralitinlg siuch ainlesty he has only to Ki'a
Signifyv his % ishli. t ine l
If allny silly member of eithr House I lustyl
wishes to investigate Mr. iays on ll
the strength of Winl. E. Chandler's ecr'1
charges, such iembeir ought ti he leiinai
immediately voted out of sight. I fniI the l
ly alil'ppreciate the grai'v ity of (hlanu- iuniill
lier's allegations, atlnl hIloe that the is lkma
qiestionls lie raises maly be thoroughly arnily
considered. But it seelms to lue that Thi
a mere inlvetitigtion by Congress, uiil
wliich can ipossibly lead to nothing iiii'lc
mlore tlhan a declaration lby the House Tink
that Hayes was not entitled to the The
place lie holds, will do no good. The plactl
Democrats of the House in the last aund I
; Congress declared the same thing. Th
Evenl if such a vote should lead to ,i';ir;
h Iayes' resignation, Wheeler remains ils. li
r It is better, a1s your coriresillent ipote
1. has before advised, that the Judiciary ietlle
Committee of the house be directed the
to present to the Iosouse a bill or re- ia_
solution referring to the Co'irts of the jouri
, country the question whether Mr. Satu
Hayes is really President or not. have
" The Electoral Bill itself gives either
r caiididate power to go to tche Courts, Li
a. but that is not enough. No single yost,
ilau shoul li e askl('d to do so. The pl.
co country shouill direct that the Court (il
- the higihest Co(lllt, if iieedl be-de- hIipi
cide the question.
Say what iiiay lie said, the conven- loll
t.ion of w\\olnll in this city, this week, intl
has beel a sluccess. All the way fromll plla
Mrs. Stantoni dtowii the delegates have is c,
on all occailsions, publilicly and pri- ish
vately, shown themselves good and dan
intelligent citizeus. I waive tire ain l
question whether or Inot they arie il- n is n
der tihe constitutioln, as amended, cit- 1aiid
izens, and admit tuhat they are. The lis
iprogress they have made towards an 'I
amendment that will make thei vo- i1ea)
ters is questionahle. l'hey have had the
a successful and creditable conven pia
tion, and of that credit even theirh nlit
enemies will not seek to deprive 'lit
them. bt'
The U. S. Geological and Geograph- l'1,
ess ical Survey of. the Territories in to
' charge of Prof. F. V. Haydn made olll
•an extendtled tour of exliloration in ic
the \Western Territories during the act
past Spring and Sulmmer season, and thi
returned to thliis city, the hIcadqluar-I
ters of the Survey, late in the Full, gli
laden with resnlts of a most interest
ing anud important chlara:cter'. The
infornlaition of a p:ileontological char
e, acter is eslpecia:lly ilmplOrtlnt as this nl
character of investiglation was coined sj1
oni in a iioro syslteiiittic and extenSive 1'
pilan tlhan ever befoire and the result
will prove both interesting and im- Ci
pportant. The tapographical woik ct
covered an erea of about 30,0)00
squmar' miles, and a comniparatively
unknown region lif our waste doiiai, ii l
ERpossessiig reillmi'rkatble capacity for
mining, grazing and agriculture will
Sbe madtle known. The explorationus of
this survey have extended froiu Ani- :
- zona to Molltana, embracitg the ter
ritories of Utlih, Colorado, Wyomluing, tr
Idaho and Dakota. n
The impoitance and interest of the aI
wot- work of this organization has been sl
n. fully commented upolll iu all pairts of i
tlie civilized world; and as an illus- si
C lt tration of the esteem anud apprecia- P
tion in whlich it is held abroad, Lieut.
, Gen. Richard Strachy of the Royal
Engineers of Eniglaud says in a coin
mod. iunication to a man high in the
science of this country that, "It is an
undertaken in all respects most hion
Sorable to your Government and to
StIle men of science lwhoi have been
their agenits in carrying it out. In c
La. truth it is, I believe, the only really a
scientific survey of a great country t
LU- ever entered upou." The Survey has
issned9 large publicationis within tlhe t:
past year and several ilmportant works t
17,50 are nearly ready to emerge fromu the
press.
ALBION.
VAL' _ _
An editor going away, left his pa
per in charge of a minister. During
the minister's stay in the sauctum,
the following letter came from a
inted mountain subscriber: "You know
well I paid mny subscription to your
paper thile last time I was in Lexing
ton. If I get any more such letters
Sfrom you as I received last week, I
will come down to Lexington and
maul h--I out of you!" The minis
. ter answered; "I have been trying
to get that thing out of the editor
nited for ten years past, and if you will
nlike readily come down and maul it out
s and of him, then, my dear sir, I have
AMP- twenty members of my church I will
to. also get you to operate on.
-- "The State ought to have anew
er, constitution, but not now," is the ex
pression of Senators and representa
tives since they went to New Orleans
lte. I and saw the situation.
FROII EVEIYWIHERtE. that tlt
WASII S ,TON. st a'v.
Washington J.n. 18.-louse--Thl i way BhI id
a ntoldutiol that they will lnot har lde( D)ire di
gations reltre,enting sperial inter,.sts. tions if
The hlectiol cltomlmittee have reported
in lavor IIf sealting \\'igginton, Democrat,
from ('aliforuia N,"
Nomuinations.1 ll i~
Frank N. Wicker, collector of custtols tllt pr
at Key Wet . est; o. illiamson. collec- tates
tor of custioms at New Orhleans; Geo. lIal- tunno
day, receiver of ,pnblic moneys at New silver :
Oililans. ! hl all t
'IThe sewnate in exceutive sessio Colltir
imed Jas. It J.lly collector ,tf ensteins in i'
the Teche di.'trict o',Louisi:itna ; Lansf1:'d ?.,ý,,
T'. Ilt\v'e s attolley for the eastern dis- alive 1
trict of Alahnia:. grl"t
War Neitvr. 1irv 1
No neaI s IV has bceen rectlived from9 - titti- I
im an l'ash at vet. il'trluanli, where the ptat .
Hussinl teroots aret said to have arrliv-d, it w
is n in m ljrtanittit point on this liin, of re- Iat.r1i
treat ito \li.Lnole. If tw htssians have the t ti
gained that plint befol'e him. as, there is
11 rFoeasol to tdouht, hIe' not only has (en- Ticlle
eral (ourkos' pu'.uit to heat hack, hnt ,.a:
will be taken in lin:k by a eolumn lunrveh- lrw, lr
is" fr nitl 'sakri Sagl i':i, while the l'tee "i
t it tlit
posted at ll: r anli sta i ds directly in his it is
front. S' t llt 'it nll l'ttshn's tforte incl ing tlit of
, division he brught from 1Bulgaria, h tnit' Olw
I ,ear'rilton of lila and other town up to lish el
Nis"ics and Cltlker 1.asha's amty from havee
T: Karamali. All, however, are by this
time badly beroke.u and wea.led hy.their fit e e
hasty retreat and frtequtent elncounter said t
with their 1P llrslers. i. pTre
Constaltinrplte, Jnian. i7.--The report credit
et'rentl here to-day that the bulk of Sn- flrient
leiniau Pash's armnty haid passed through nil_,
the on tly's line and arrived ntear Adri 5t1t',ll
apliole, proves lit he priillatur. Nothing same.il
* '1 "" fr 1
e is known of the position of Suleim au's Au
arny.
The cabinet counclil to-day deliberated tweet
tion ut'strll sltIs' fCt defence of ' Cnstanti- prvi,
Stnople. T''wt stnaodr os of Coss acksh have inst
a earrived at Tiemava Sienli to escort How
-'lurkislh peace dehlgates to Kezanlik. agree
SThe. Turkish .conm1a.der at the former
Splacet believed an attack was intended
t 1and blew up the railway bridge. The
o I The utltan presided at ttilaeonila I to l
O' iirlleislrtI'el, an illvihed a dbeptattltion i o
ti tri tL ll'ehamber li1to hiaritii lie in thie to-:
deih, erallt is of Tic urkMi arist o ice. Phln-i wil
ilpotentiaries have arrived at llthe town tio
caliled Mlistapal P.slat ad will wait for i lit
the return of tlhe envoy sente to the ulis- 'el
Sian campu to facilitate thein fuctlher wil
e ijourney. They will rteach Kzatlik on Iiisy
r. Saturedhy or Sunday. - Russian troopS
t. have arrived at Heriianli.
rt Success of the Russiains.
, Lttondon,.ain . 1t . If the dispatch of P
ld yesther lind: leatligte fro Coitlnstantino-. Afr
Sp re statleing that a ret hat battle was ftlghtc
tt on Montldy weltwetensid los zaroijk lif Phi- Ge
t lipnpotlis, that lighting was roesued on
;Tu' tly tlaty: t Slimalim, Pasha bee afterward
tok Cnp ositions near l hillipopolis and
- ordered tihe inhatilitltts to leave thes. town
y Loand that t Jan.e 17.-Ri had tehe Chir- 1
In panll aid art m:uchig ilon YTui Mhlalgre, fair
ve is correct, the e cains of the tonly Turk- Ithe
ri- ish tclihil atrm south of the alklai to ns is inti
md dagrt'r of capture or anliillihttion before ,
ph e armisticte ca be concluded. Ch.irp:ut
is about Lhirty, Jil. .s east of il Tllipopllis,h
Aln- and is I esi t fron ten miles from the road
it- and railway over which the Turks must
he pass to reach Adriauoplh. til
aIr The statemlent that t he Russias have ha
)- real'ched ChirpaUmy is not imfiroballd , allS
ad there is no Turkish arlly between Chir- pro
been pal anld Kazanlik to hinder stiuch move t
leir ment. The Utmost terror and disorgani- Chi
ve zation prevailt oI o ' throhot the cotry
l betwe en Phillipolis a nd Constutio- uropea
[cia- powers.'
SThe pani-striken fugitives ontri inue ti
is to crowd toward he ORital y thosands it i
ide on.ly rrtsyllt pllnessntl of t ohe hein
in coustitn. lly thousaf li. are drtained 1 are
tel account la t alre recent railway accident onre
Intr te line leading to the Constantinople.y.
y Ia The T hr kish ni of his illness vaeEu
II t gle ish reliefports hae ounittee have grclate tendilieul
tys to sw tprevenhat wholesale loss rcof life friol; ut
Sthe tlntlon, Jan.orble 1por7.--Ths Austro bEnglish ret
tr- hnot s tating that Astriat is opOSeud to a
Sseprltio is exe, d intely ids to supic rtl.
ed the trsicin.ty of Paris, hase been seli-olicia
tult, honevdoner, Jte Santor. 17.-retnA dispatch fromity
Ino fConstatino that he ys Turketily wil nproposes abe
Sor essato to otk hiltles ater fiv th e deate Ca
xiLondon, Jan. 17.-The .ueie tsien.
letters ,ublisthes a recivud in this citytor as lrtiate, Ut
ae, Iclock toayhe right of Ressia to nligotitle ahop
a London, Ja. 1.-The Daily T. graph
Shas a special frieod of hill har havl e this
tr.inning atoon impro at Jacksonvillery, as it ith'fear
edito Astrian elbassyth wilas notified tmch Aus-or
Swinteds to sedpport they left for thereaty of Paris;t.
ave aNfrther, that. 17.-A eeting wasTurkey
Ie should leave t nihte grav the questions alof et-e
in Elnstropean ierests on clubpen for thake action oil
te sideration nf con. Tferehe of European tes
niones were representedi. Briekayers,
a erers, ommniaclationts, blsays ithe Tele
,rent,- hllg'shy resolnitcho is ega rded here astta in
)rlens forthign that the present hard times are the
fcostituents of tction. John Mourrissency anre
Feult of oputraction of currency and'
It;n ·lit , lH "IIE 1111 W tii olli Hi ll4iliti i '' I IIf l
alsto Ih" Iwia t r.es lnlt ti ln r. l':1 ill.- hi .
DIire disaster i I ris l. d. i 11 th1 1111;c S oili ti
tihts if t1l isti t t Ih)t ari' not ac(totlll i h ll . Sara
('all for a l lass MIteett tine. tl,
Nlw' York, .-1:1. I t. Th ' Pit says (ihit I te p l n
all issn d for hi arits; iiititt;4 of citiwut s Alic,
irl'te)c.tti\e of party |to 1( 1 l e t-s asslnt t abo t I
thi rll'.111t1oposd tree, cuitu:: , olf U'nit cl l er
States ,ilver dollars, niul :uilingld ofa per- 'h
in Iint legal \i iel to thi t nitei d Sailt1es
silver ;u1d 1 '1r in. T'lh. e,,,!htii , will h! e not ei
e4ii i at Co ll ir l ,,ilitatl , tl tlh ;tih. on a M
rtai,-:r Ii n the c Tloin Tlrade. ih.
`. tl., Y\ .1I. J.I I. l16.- \ a\' Iill s lre ltl \ v; ill
li\ e tllh s ll T n i ,tlts ti di Ptt 1 l i' i til'a i f i otI
great ii lliiti' i n the ct11 ; IIin , but in- Ml s.
Tlhu i 111 one n itl 1 1\'h: u. Z l1,il une .l 1 h;i ld
U Lcttio dto:l, a. i . ilt -Te to . Ilceiut f11 tIlet ' 13)
that would indcl te the l It t lriit otllhe re- l .
pttiii
It \\ ias s,, i llclld th atl 1)nuu inh h a il eell , blis
o arryl i , a1i 1i r . u' tonl honlt i 1. t that sidingh
the tlhilur, it this I hli \, hld carry with just )
it, to s' oIl'lllir 1 11 d('1y 'rloods 1irns. w y.
The dIlr', ti, is i:lso visibly afected l' l's
atain to-dl y, ltl lv t he ittitniry 1o I1 ; lie
drni brokers :Tlh. rL t Vl'e ' houl r is, "h las
in oll her holluc lone yet l r sLns
It is kliwl theat innlinar ief h a chuan -sin
l ti ' oflt ,iard" eln ingi to drilw iwdalc 's, it '
Iutl while lni.e atiri.s arel i i slllc t a tick- ist, ig
ihsh conulliti ell, of thel holets Whitdirch
have$ .Ih Paper out ivl at all s:lf*(.r
In: iriis Wet uiade to-ay ati the of
said that ng ll iot;l ti' the s etlll l t tiee o i' gel
i4t llTgrhless. The tlilf t the uercthant pcle
creditlorls toward' Iltulihu; \a, ery andt."
frienlly. 'the totai l liabilities of Duisli- is
nini were, ine rxnt ii 1i1i1b1 ei'.' abouLit 41,
501) and n lithel enteinal Lassts about t h
All rll'eliiit ihas heni ie hlawni in he- sic fe
St\pien c 1)uniung : his ctldaitors, and atli
i- rovidtslli ' sIt't lil ni of his alenirs y ' lent
hinistelf, i1 c(n.utilic t at witih A. ('one--and
tlt IHo l a:in of his cr'ediltol will sign this of ,
iagrCitatlt is at iulesnit ilunknow n. ig."
r ENGLAN. Mn
The Queen's Speech - Ilome lohriulers' enue
( Amelitnllhleit. toil.
1e to-lrrow\ i1n the oedtningt of rPadlithot
will p'ob, i ll seoel h a r' n 1 i11. The Illt"s
tioe of ' Ioney and smut lie will he lset the I
\ ae I ntil th g otccasion dllakds. lll
'I The Ilotne hao l lii eli ber; in P]aliilauitent 1t
rwill ti move ll ui idllt ltrelative' to the
Irish grievances. pi
in readerse, agdli. p gotid Cl O; 0"
F1 aCE. TI
Stahley's lectpllon. ak
SPar0s, JaN. 1t .-l enry .1. Stainley the cy
- African explorer. i riivet here itoday l l of wi
ht 1,11S rechiv v by a deputati.iol of the Paris The
t lGeogr a hill i llh iety.l t
il The Boot on the Other Lteg. tag
tir- He was the imanalge r ltf a church to
re, fair, and onlie niutit g he walked into -1lat
k- the neiwspapel office lnilul Said: g
li't Iant all item this tiorilgll?" ale
tM, ' Of course," replied the editor,
a V Whereiupon the visitor llaid the fol
rlowing inote iupon the table : I1a
lrst "The ladies of the Stireet Church t
will givea ~rst wivll ato their vestrya
ve chall next Flaiilday vening. Literillry. d
't to all who desire. The lulies it,
pt hargo of the afsitir ihave mluch ei-e, T
ienc inrg o ntllS of maitte, cand re ae1
sure toHi provide a good timeil. The e
e admiss ny iot will ibe oly 15 cents, anl ie,
ds it is certain that no one cll spend  lt
hisln t l itt it. t 1,a tte lt ;. lli tage. Beli
smle li to lta tke t ohe r foicl, iid es.u
nd sh, I see, an aivei se f etids." , t
Sr- ted, an tlllot alid, oleulmtiSliyt. \Ie C
prefer tlo t have it o il tie local col i
Iihiull," ce tlied lhe iulnliiig ler.
idAin d sgeit g thai th ediitor looked, c
bof it miglt 1 te clnintititl - t tie dtr
i I"It wo ill ve erest o i gtel ile ninoy ti
youa reders iisd help ae goos, ciil.; e
so ey getting tp onr entertiinnttt hl
"ell," slidtl tihle edlitior, "If it glit i
Fla.into, ul lttrct Isuo ntlo nioll ii thl
S rcit roi atlie l tcaily isig litil nlotic lte
in w-our churnh l'idit Suihay."nbl
Aus The vi.iti i bn'oth cr ias ed what n
t notice, ide it iitort incre aing tde
ar hI and hiu he flllt to b wilig to : el
' this The eekly Cgentlronica , fa the sit
is coming ty ear, will be tin best nd
cis- eaest il per i Mi. s
e a l trg l o tly of lll i,tell falcn o ire a.
h vaniny other ois thead, coi thr, a in is
to bea furnished hat only l'2. It is cer it
s re to take tclub, Mr. Policeln. Itn sub't
t scribe thtr ytol yr cfriend., it a -
ion o le mnInrygr Themn h litked, saw what
trae hithim; and h l sid, solnff sli, lGi lle,
dolayers I'ted i ilether it wul be ,ctil dat
s pn-iu to plicread slch i nlrice, d utl sug-.
setting Ted pllat if it si S inht, cplomicn
are the onis Iissing sprea disdibtes t he iarr
Ic "Yet" l h the eeici or, llt t
eyadtroubles eqtecially, eh !
PERSONALS ABOUT LADIES.
Grace Greenwood's cottage. has
bee n,( ch described of late.
IMrs. Matihla Buirns, a consin of Ro
bert, is in poverty ill New York.
Sarah lieinhardt, the Ftenclh ac
tress, is mnodeling a statue of a child
playing a flute.
Alice Kingshury, the actress, is
about to publish a book of her theat
rical experience.
TheIblaroness lurdett-Coutts would
not I'receive Dickens after his selara
tio fromt his wife.
Mrs. l)avis, the great Allegan, ,Mic
will-maker, did int want her prop)erty
to "go to anbody who smokes."
Mrs. Abraham Van lBien, whose
h shitand was the eldest son of Martin
V;n 'P Burenl, died in New York recent
ly.
Miss Weatherhog, a young lady ie
siding at Kingsley Falls, Qubec, has
just got rid of her namet in the usual
I Mrs. Eliza Metzel, of York, Pa., has
laid ouit the dead bodies of 3,403 per
sonS--,2pei adults and 1,0S2 childien
-since -1854.
Mrs. Mary C. Lathrop, the evangel
ist, is condlneting services at Jackson.
Mitch., and meeting with general en
couragem eltt.
Gassoway is the namie of a sweet
singer ofl Texas, who has written an
epic of fifteen thousand .four hundred
and thirty-seven lines.
Miss Marie Booth the young actress
now at the Broad street Theater, Phi
hudelphia, utinistakably has the clas
sic features of the Booth famuily.
Miss Kellogg calls Miss Cary a
"leather lunged old solt of a gun,".
- and there's no Senatorial comniittee
- of mutual fiieuds to prevent a "imeet
ing."
Mmue. Mo[djeska, the Polish tragedi
, enue, now inll.this coutry, makes a
correspotndent of a Boston Journal
Ihink of "marble statues, Damascus
it blades, and Aurota liorealia."
Miss Lizzie Richmond, daughter of
the late Judge Richmond, of Lacon,
Ill., has beeu appointed notary public
at TTscohla. She is the first lady ap
pointee in the State outside of Chica
go.
The Colorado Springs Mountaineer,
makes some trifling corrections in Lu
it cy Stoue's "eat brick-house;" built
ll of wood. There are no grapevines.
is Thele are no "thirty apple and cher
ry trees lby the back fence." Finally,
"Grace Greenliwood" has sold the cot
tage and all its beautiful surroundings
gone Down East, got the asthma and
th to all :applearanices abaniidolned the
to 'large and prolitable business of or
ganizing all the suflrage work of this
grelat State."
I Charlotte Bronte's former inurse
maid is said, by a writer in the Bur
cli lington Ilawkeye, to be living near
Crawfordsville, Iowa. She is report
ty ed to have a lock of Charlotte's hairl
it and a little pin-cushion 'fashioned by
ed Charlotte's childish fingers, and pre
* rented as a token of atffection to her
nurse. The old woman tells many in
re teresting things about the family and
Sexhibits a letter from Charlotte's fath
tIer, which, unless it began with a mis
id print,, would go to prove that the sto
Iry is moonshinei, follr it is dated 1853.
aiud speaiks of Clarlu'tte's tleutlh--and
lo Ciharlotte Bliontot Nicholls did not
leiave lih world which she haid so in
terested alnd lleased ntil 1855.
e Miss Flanllces Power Cioebbe asks the
ol Londoi SIpectatlor to relprilnt froml the
Times a short paragraph uientioning
ked the lacts lf seoveral hlirri Ile w i fe-mn ur.
ders, atid aiertinOlntly asks with whom
Sof lies the guilt of tllheseo never-celsing.
se; ever- multipying English "atrocities."
on Then she addsi: "'I we, the women of
at Euglatid, possessed coustitutional
ottrtights, the very l' llrst exercise of our
ets iower of politic-l IprellstU'O would ui
t to itluibt'ldly be to conitlel the attention
of our reipresetlltatlives in the Legisla
roes ture to the prevention of tllhese crlimes
ueld uf witw. lentiig and wife-mnurder.
tice Can you, mlei of England, wholly ac
quit your counscietces, while you tic
hat oir hllaids, aid niever lift your own !
Tice on Frost.
the
and ICincionati Enquirer. J
Int Tdianapollis, I)eceler 27.- Prof.
,' riCte, thie weather malln, il tetmllpOtll'ri
h a in the city~, and was souniided this
nc. t olliiriittig ott thile pi.oslpetB for frostl.
oti it wairs pnrt of his observation that
whe in ln the weather was cold in Europe
cer' it was warmiI here, and vice versa.
that For illtistration: The snows of thel
Be Balkan M ,untiains havel been heavy
sub- aid! the weather severe, and tlhat's
tile Ieason of mild weather in tllisl
it counlltry. L:ast year the firt half of
it winiter was specially Inill in Eirope.
ji n IIiEglaid tlho birda were building
g nests it tihe hedgerows, while here
opts we \were ill Ithe miidst of the severest
o weather. Allboult thie 2)tll of Januillarlll
f tlie there caine a chiange, the wintet from
that time on in this country w'ii
t t unihld and iu Euirope becalel quite
Sthe Iv'e. I expiect a chaigei here aboutll
terest tl 6h of JanIliry. It mi1yl come
tol Iwo or three dllys hetore. It will
ider, ll.b;ibly begiin wilth a storml-a snow
Ste stormn-atid thelo the cold will follow.
thIf the hirollrietler swingsi in friilni the
Inbill northlwest it will lie. intensefly colhlt
ig the and enttinig. It all depends oni tihe
natier way the baromleter s~igsll in. If it
Shellp swings from the soiUthiwest, of course
the cold will not lieextremne. Every
itua hiing, hoIwever, inldicates cold weatlh
er after tlhat date--tlanuiry 6.
ip his Civilizntion moves in cylels or, as
D again Goetlhe helieved Upward spirally. 'rTie
wain't leaves that fall in browil, unctuous
vh muases this year will fied the tiny
'GiGlly, yellow l-ave of next spring. So we
ed dat lwho dig for piottery of the ancieents
Smay ill thie yvears of thie far fiiututre
have men diggitg for our .juigs anid
inien- vases and Tonli and Jerry trnigs. It
Heart is propable that they will fintd a gre.at
deal of porcelain aroud loose.