rERMS, $2 Per Annum. THE WELFARE OF THE PEOPLE IS THE SUPREME LAW. SINGLE COPY, 5 Cents
VOL. i. NATCHITOCHES, LOUISIANA, JUNE 17. 1876. NO.40.
n . rn nl I ua ii 1nu i nu no nu nn n smea m m mlmne Elnm!4 n I
ARRIVALS AND DEPARTURES.
NEW ORLEANS, Red River Landing,
Simnmsport, Morcanville, Cotton
Point, Evergreen, Chenecyville Kamno
nie, Wellswood, Aloexandria, Cotile
and Cloutierville, Arrive and de
part Monday, WVednesday andFriday,
at 8 A. M.
SIIREVEPORT, Spring Ridge, Keachie,
Mansfield, Sunny-South, Pleasannt
Hill and Marthaville. Arrive Tues
day, Thnrday and Saturday. Depart
Monday, Wednesday and Friday, at
8A. M.
SAN AUG(USTINE, Milam, Sabinetown,
Pendleton, Many, and Fort Jessup.
Arrive Tuesday and Saturday. De
part Monday and Thursday, at 7 A.
MINDEN, Buckhorn, Ringgold, Iverson,
Codshatta, Grappe's Bluff and Cailip
te. Arrive Tuesday and Friday. Do
art Wednesdayand Saturday at 6. A.
,WP1FIELD, Atlanta, Montgomery, and
St. Maurice. Arrive Wednesday and
Saturday. Depart Monday andThurs
day at 6 A. M.
ALL MAILS CIOSI AT C A. M.
Office Hours-from 8 A. M. to 2 P. IM.
and from 3 P M to 7 P M.
W. D. HARKINS.
I Post Master.
Prdfessional Cards.
W. H. JACK. D. PIERSON
jTaoI.- c Pierrson.
Attorneys and Counselors at Late
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
T [LL practice in the Courts of Natchiteches.
V ablue, DeSoto, Ited River, Winn, Rapides,
and Grant, and in the Supreme Court of the
Slate. Claims promptly attended to.
* March 25-Iy.
P. A. MORSE. C. F. DRANGUET.
MORSE & DRANGUET,
Attorneys at Law.
Office on Second Street,
, March25--1y. Natchitoches, La.
]. J" Cunningham. T. P. Zhaplin.
J. H. Cunningham.
Caunningham, Chaplin &
Cunningham.
Attorneys and Counselors at Late.
$t. Denis St., Natchitoches, La.
hILL practice in the courts ot Rap
: V ides, Grant, Winn, Sabiue, DeSoto,
Red River and Natchitoches, and the
Snpreme Court of the State.
Caihns promptly attended to in any
. . part of the Umoh. March 25-Iy
Bulsiness Cards. stI
. A. .EBULLARD N. H. CAMPBELL
Ballard & Campbell,
-DEALER 1i
: DRY GOODS,
GROCERIES,
HIARDWARE,
And General Merchandise. k
Corner FROsT & LAAYTrrt Street,
Katchitoches, La.
oEST weah price paid for cotton anod
oenutry produce in cash or merchandise.
.'March 95 -ly.
; illia 'E olzne ,
FRONT STREET,
"Natchitoches, IA.
-DEALER LN
RY GOODS, Groceries,
Hardware,
Crockery,
Hata,
Caps,
Boots,
Shoes and Notions.
1.1 induoements offered to Cash
hsers. Cotton and country pro.
both at highest Cash rates.
y5-l1.
ST. 1. AMT.
le1 -d A.lr!y, 0
.(Walaslm y's Brick Building,)
ls'ington Street, Nathbitoches, La.
esa and Retail Dealers in
Goods, Groceries,
" CAPS,*
SaRES,
and General MBRCIIANDIS'
Mkest ipri3e paid for Cotton and I
- ltty produce, Is Cash or Mer
WS-ly.
DRY Da 00D,
GROCEOIES, and
,ooaIAL. MEBCHANDISE
FRUIT and II. DERIS Streets
S NatehitoDhe4, Ls.
S 'R .ES
Zr,'++++ a.+. +++
L. H. BURDICK, L.
General Land Agent. (
HAVING been Register of the United
States Land office for vears, I am FR
prepared to attend promptly to all bus
iness connected with the Land Office at
Natchitoches, New Orleans and Washing- GRJ
ton.
CHARGES MODERATE (Invaria- spi
bly to Adrance.) direci
OFFICE under the Telegraph OCreIE kets,
NATCHITOCHES. LA. DRY
rIn t
Cal
o d
L. WALMSLtar. U. M, WALIMLatiY
C.L. WALMSLEY & CO t
OTTON PACTORI
SENESL COTTISSION ECCIRANTS.
Perdido St., New Orleans, La.
March 25-l y.
.GR
1d r
Theo. 'ME a11ter.
Coper, Tin andSheet-iron worker. w
-DEALER IxN
Stoves, Tinware and House Furnishing
GOODS,
Washington St.......... atchitothes, La
Sole agent for the Unrivalled
BUCK'S BRILLIANT 5C
CookLing Stoves.
Gutters, Pies, Metalic roofing and all
kinds of repairing, done with dispatch. qua
A liberal discount to country trade.
March 25.1y. -
S C.L.WY.
JL W aed tl sEYi cle
SWALMSLEY Agent
March WI ly NATL ITOchoEh, LA.R
CAerEoY PEyRCY
-AND-
Gnerfl Land 4gent.
Wl L attenstd to all surveysin N btcT.
p t tchee patish also .ttend to the en
trPe of land St Natchitoehe New Or
learns land Washington, D.C.
Ho. W. M. oy, Natchitoso, La.
JS For wardinto, Receiving.
--.4dhh IS.
Is. Dapelos, r of trh and I0wF @ 1
- NGO OrDO i eaJ
S I0e at the L D OFF tfIC t
*,~ O t uon-t pl ,. n -t-ry at. ,
1. CASPARI. M. DIETIRICII.
Caspari & Dietrich,
(Lacoste Building)
FRONT St., NATCHITOCHES, La.
GRAND opening of a NEW MAMMOTH
SPRING and SUMMER STOCK,
direct from the New Orleans and Easter mar.
kets, consisting inlpart of
DRY GOODS,
CLOTHING,
HATS,
11001'S,
SHOES,
GROC1EI S,
CROCKERY,
HARD
WARE, &c., &c.
LADIES AND GENTS'
FURNISHING GOODS.
In fact,
A fill line of GOODS for the country trade
All of which they are soilling at less than NEW
ORLEANS PRICES
FOR CASII.
Call and examine the largest and most com
pletestock ever brought to this market, and
satisfy yourselves as to their prices.
aI Highest price paid for Cotton and coun
try produce. in cash or merchandise.
March 25--1y.
". GElWCTOE30 rh C00.,
- Dealers in
DRY GOODS,*
GROCERIES,
HARDWARE, and
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
WASHINGTON STREET.
Natchitoches, La.
March 23--ly.
IEarris Jaffa,
Front Street, Natchitoches, La.
-dealer in
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES,
HARD WERE,
AND GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
j7p Special inducement oflered to Cash Cus=
tomers. Maic 5-- v.
TEtPPl&MMnjL'S (II
-STEAM- si
SAW MILL.
(Five Miles from Natchitoches.) I
50.000 Feet of Lumber for Sale. s
TERMS:
From 5 to 10 Dollars, (according to l
quality) per MI. at the Mill. a
Delivered in Natchitoches, at $14
per M.
Manch 25.-ly.
HENRY GENIUS,
Worker in Tin, Copper and i
SHEET IRON.
Corner FRONT & TRUDEAU STS.,
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
Also, constantly on hand all Muads of
HEATING AND COOKING STOVES
1. of the most improved patterns.
" All my stoves sold at city price and
r guaranteed to be as represented. Lib
eral advantages offered to the trade.
Also, a fine stock of Tinware, Metallic
A. Roofing, &e.
Gutters and pipes promptly and care
*. fully repaired.
o HENRY GENIUS,
Corner Front and Trudeau Sts.,
S . Natobitoches, La.
tarch 25 1876.--1l.
 A. Wa. XrItr,
WATCrHMAKER
-AND
Shop on St. DENIS Street
(Between Sd and Srd.)
Watches, Cloeak, and Jqwey rpaired
at bort o notice, and in - wokPonaplike
iatees satihotionL
Dee 4.-ly.
Posting Her. felt a
go a
"Gerard, whom d- you think is whert
back ?" said Mrs tHayes, as she passed a fai
her son his second ctp of tea. longe
"Ca-n-'t say," repld Gerard, thick- fair.
ly, his month full of hot potato. it IL
"Well, Bertha Horton has gradu- and n
ated, and is home from Vessar Col- "jI-1j
lege for good," explained his mcther, vou're
helping out the brandy peaches. don't.
Gerard did not reply, has5 mind be- An
ing engrossed by the discovery of lentlt
something "crooked" in the sweet- "T;
meat trade, his yomnger brother hav- sharp
ing appropriated his large saucer of his el
brandy peaches-a dainty which he feren
was not allowed to partake of-and small
handed Gerard his meagre allowance estah
of dried apples, an exchange which phrai
was highly unsatisfactory to one pf will I
the. parties interested. thing
"You must call on her at once, you AA
were always such great friemts," con- small
tinned his meternal, when the plun- or fa
dered peaches had been recovered, rard,
and the pirate reprimaned. lie ni
°"Yesa, I guess I'll drop in there this and i
evening," assented Gerard, conde- y
seendingly. "I s'pose she'll want you
some one to post her a little on what's bow(
what !" the
"Yes, do,"said his mother, as lie met
pushed back his chair and left the inqu
table. "I
Gerard was a slander youth, with "I
a struggling Centennial nmunstache ; a
Piccadilly collar that gave his thin, aske
bare neck a cran-like appearance, q
n. well-developed feet, and more large dolo)
,d ly developed vanity; prepossessing sorts
clothes and wath-chain ; hair artis- and
tically plastered down, with a dan- Goo
druff path left in the centre. and a
superficial, galvanized education.
He arrayed himself in his store
clothes and dollar jewelry for his
. visit, determined to dazzle and im
press little Bertha with a full sense
of his importance, and he carried a date
satisfied air, a pale blue necktie, and wha
a pound of chocolate cream drops in w hoe
his coat-tail pocket, when he rang urge
the door-bell of the Horton mansion, vati
and was ushered into the parlor, July
where his idea of meeting an awk- Lori
ward, shy, blushing school-girl wore Fro
out quicker thaq a pair of fifty cent com
kid gloves, when a queenly-looking near
young lady, stylishly dressed, arose, and
swept taward him, lifted a dainty the
pair of glasses to her eyes, and in a an
composed but gracious mnanner wel
comed him, and invited him to be cuot
seated. ord,
Gerard's idealism was. so upshot self
that lie forgot the little speech he had out
prepared for the occasion, and sat him
Si. meekly down in the nearest chair on ting
his pound of chocolate cream drops, arra
a making a fearful candy-carnage in tic 1
his left coat-tail pocket, and giving pib
him an unpleasant sensation. as if a li
sitting on a sugary poultice. er t
"I heald this evening you` had re- Cum
turned, and hastened to welcome back by I
such a charming addition to society," His
he said, nervously, pulling down his she
snow-white cuffs so that his glittering ser
e. sleeve buttons would show. dur
"Dix M1illie Merci," she returned, Hot
calmly, eyeing him slowly from his mol
to large feet up to his bashful moustashe, C.
and hair parted in the middle. "Gui- reel
sot, you are aware, makes the devel- ine
opment of society the perfectionment Ma;
of civil life. Buckle's history is the all,
antheels of Guizot's.n met
Gerard moved uncomfortably on hav
- his chocolate cream poultice. Here rel
was a conversational pitfall at the abi
very start. He didn't kow whether but
Guizot and BuckIs were corporals of tie
marines or "crooked whiskey"' men. set
After an afflictive pause, he said, ye
huskily : ye
,t* " -h-sl-yes-just what I was a
thinking." as
"Herbert Spanceer, in explanation, hi
Hays that the morphology and physi wh
ology of society correspond to mior- em
phology and physiology in general. all
Social organism, like individual or of
ganism, are to be arrayed into elasses, no
and surely-that is,.as we say in La-n'
tin, conditio shine ua ne--an indis t
pensable condition," she remarked, thi
pertly, leaning back on the sofa and p
hooking the young man fair in the
eyes.
SGerard sheuddered, regretted thathle i"
had been in such haste to call, tried tr
to coax his fickering courage back cr
to the surface, smiled weakly and
said feebly:
Yes'm, that's it but-"i
"It is, I know, a truth in oelalo- H
gy, comparable to the biological G
truth," she said, interrupting hium,
flinging out words of sis or seven syl
is t lables with a head velocity and ease
E wlhich made the young man's head T
swim, "that the first step in the pro- la
daetion ofany organism, high or low, ci
Sto a certain differentation, which by c
ib-a peripheral poriion becomes distin- ti
guished from central portion ; and h
1lio you know, of course the old Latin a
quotation: Magna eat ,eritas, etpre- t
re ,alebit-truth is powerful and will 4
prevail."
Gerard felt a cold perspiration
breaking out on Iais forehead. He a
did not know the quotation, and he fi
didn't want to know it. He felt as t
a. cheap and mean as if he had ben I
detected passing a counterfeit qroarter i
on a church collector, l He wi'ned i
she would talk about somethiag else ; 1
I but as she evidently, xpected ao an- a
swer, and kept tap:ng the earpet inn
Spatiently with b'r tiWy oot he siam
mered: ' f
"I--I- er' usay, I'm u) n--
1 . and I--I'd rather not t-al ak bout th
tb'sae * .'oeoge a
reet "Ahb -aee sherI a ieaeetively, ad
t I 'here was a sharp lapomes is her
voie that ade the yoeoM malt feel
paired very unPao fortale. Yo L ake eox
a-like eeptio t this bidlegisal truth, and
SIpeose boi  these moilate non
Pa amuleatbd portions prtoplasm a
paral led by exetioba so thb so.
e.ologieai trath. , o the Bomans
- ay." l o uuhsu p1 is .qe .
)sq i t'mIR ybed
'4 '~ -' 4
felt weak and demoralized, wanted to The E
go away, to go to ,go to bed, to go any
where, except crazy, which he was in
a fair way ,of becoming if he liingered i
longer ; but in the nmea;ntimie, as the Lon
fair Vassarite kept murmluring, "ls neer o
it ? Is it lihe made an augonized effort l nrve
and gasped : IBlack
"I-is't wh-what ?Lord kln-klnow wh- lorrib
von're ta-ta-talking about; I--I dic- lie w:
don't." April
And he mopped his forehead vio- left E
lently with his scented handkerchief. The b
"Talking about s-i-r I" she said so Metz,
sharply that the young man pushed wife,
his chair back. Why, about the dif- new ci
ferentiation of the regulating part in party
small, primitive societies imperfe.ctly took t
established. Still to use a clasical passiu
phrase: HLre olihm nmemiuise juvwit--, dista
will be pleasant to reinember these were i
things hereafter." Indian
About as pleasant as having the Lew
small-pox, beiug I ilten by a mnad dog, with
or falhng off a rionse-top, though Ge- tallis
rard, who felt faint, ill, and sticky as larty
lie arose from his bon-bon poultice, the rc
anld said, despairingly : shot c
"Yes'm, its aw-awful ! I-I wish the w
you good evening. I'll call again," so thu
bowed himself hurriedly out, ran all ble.
the way home, where his maternal ish yi
met him at the foot of the stairs, and zed tl
inquired : uniiii
"Did you see Bertha I" escap
"Didn't I I Whew! lihe replied. nean
"Well, what did she have to say I" returi
asked his mother, blandly. India
"Oh, darn it ! We talked about sock- the ri
dology and doxology, and all them ed be
sorts of things. I'm awful feverish Mrs.
and tired and I'm going to bed. In a
Good-night ! upon
the n
The Hon. Louis A. Wiltz. redki
[From the Attakapas Sentinel-. work
Among the most prominent eandi- nafor
dates for Governor of Louisiana, the
whose names will be presented and the ri
whose nomination will be strenuounsly ed hi
urged before the Democratic Conser deant
vative Convention of Baton Rouge, in whicl
July, is our young friend the lion. Iavi
Louis Alfred Wiltz, of New Orleans. by th
From present appearances lie will tails
come before the Convention with a rage
nearly solid delegation from the City, brui
and will be supported by many of nude
the country parishes, where lie is well rors
and favorably known. b
Besides the advantage of a conspi sire
coons and untarnished political rec- abou
ord, by which lie has won for him- Mr.
self a well-earned popularity through- Hills
1 out the State, Mr. Wiltz has behind lie it
ht im an element of strength, colnsi- proo
Sting in a large, firm and determuined foun
array of warm-hearted and enthusias- of 1
tic personal friends, which no other prin'
public man in Louisiana possesses in Hills
if a like degree, and which will gofirtlh- llg.
er toward success than any probable a
combination which may be effected penis
k b.yhis distinguished rivals. * * of m
, His career, however, is full of events rels
is showing both his qualities and his A
services.--His devotion to his State,
during the war, his beliaviar in the is a
House of Representatives, under WVar- catic
is moth's adminiiiistration, where with J. the I
C. Moncure and a few others, lie was vulg
' reckoned among the uncorrupt4d and dres
I. incorrnptible ; his admimlstration as Slo,
t Mayor of New Orleans; and last of ever
e all, his fierceless conduct on tle who
memorable 4th of January, 1875, give
in have stamped upon his character a we
e reputation for firmness, integrity and tore
ie ability, which may perhaps be equaled nevi
r but not surpassed by that of any of nor
f tihe rival candidates which may be prs
. set against him. His comlparative spec
,youth, (Mr. Wilts being hardly 80 of v
years of age,).far from being counted for
Sa fault ora disqualification, may just wSh
as well be set tp at once, as one of kin
his strongest titles to the office, for
which lie in every other respect, so
. eminently fitted. He has shown, on
al. all occasions requiring thie eaereis
r of mature qualities, that lie possessed tim
sno ordinary share of calm, considerate se
- and dispassionate wisdom; whils, as r
is the emergency arises, hlie has proven
d, that he lacked not that tenacity of f
od purpose, nor that promptitude of de- I
h cision and fortitude in action, which, pa5
in circumstances which try men's eve
ie sools, are powerful not only in con- mit
ed trolling events, but in ruling and anj
ck creating them. o
md We have thought proper thus to sei
substantiate the reasons which In. as
duced us to place the name of the wh
lo- Hon. Loals A. Wilts, at thie head of all
al our eolumns, as our lrr cholice for wI
II, Governor. o
e No DuAwnAecKa 1 CIIURci.- n
ad The Austin Revelle relates the fol
ro- lowing: "A oung gentleman ofthis as
w, city accompanied a young lady to
by church reeently, and when ti.e con- I
in- tribution plate was hlanded around, o
ad he thought lie would be high-toned; i
tin and with an air of oh, I've got money
re- to throw at birds, hle clhncked a ten
wll dollar piece inRt tie plate. i
The next day being Monday and tI
lon "steamer day, his washler-wona bi
He spoke, a little piece to him, and he ti
he f"Iund that he needed some money is ri
tas his business; thile oration of his 7
!e laundress convinced him that hle el
rtcr must have coin. So he wedst to the ii
'ned deecon, or vestrymae, or ivlhatever c
se;the collecting official of the church is b
an. called, and told him bhe had made ia b
un mistake. Hie sad lie drepped a ten- it
a.- dollar piece late the plate in mistake o
for a quarter, and asked for 9 75 t
m.- change. The decon told him he was J
tb. very asorry, but there was no draw
backs in that church; and the liberal
,and youang man was compelled to Ill his
her pioture ata smmee ha is r to ap-I
feel pea the f elisge of the la di
e l- wwhomdoe up his lines.
non- A cross old bahelow mayss "The I
r e why owm .d,, 's a,.t them.- I
Ieeveo se btw i tiht ingul i be- ,
as easn they he aroned the heart, adI
that has. hantthey usao f sfect it/
Iv If We Imadbetter apw tolet what
is w h fe s p appear wht We
The Story of a Black Hills Ad
lelturer.
HM. tolni Special to Chicago Times.
Louis Simpson, formerly an engi- At
neer on the lron Mountain lailroad, Grows,
sirived here to day direct froml the in Jai
Black Hills country, and tells of the who h
horrible fate which befell the party- in tl
he was with. On the 22d day of' follow
April Simpson and his blother Lem prepal
left St. Louis for the Black Hills. grow
The brothers joined a famiily named uhbund
Metz, consisting of a lhusband and sandIs
wife, thither bound for home in the fruit
new country, withl a good outfit. The to tli
party left Cheyenne in wagons, and keep,
took the road for Custer City. When given
passing through Red Canon, a short colnil
distance this side of Custer City, they The
were surprised'by a band of hostile ket is
Indians. At the time of the attack ing th
Lew Simpson was in the vran wagon quir
with Mr. and Mrs. Metz and a negro dries
teamlsterV. Mr. Lewis Simpson auid greats
party were an hour or two back on ble ii
the road. At the first fire the Indians hand
shot one of the three horses drawing cess.
the wagon and frightened the others under
so they were for tile time unnntnagea- hard
ble. During the confusion the fiend- fall.
ish yells of the savages so demtorali- the gi
zed the negro that lie cut one of the opel.
uniinjured horses loose and nmade his pare:
escape. Metz and Simpson in the potas
meantime had seized their rifles and have
returned an ineffectual fire upon the baske
Indians, who were concealed among iniun
the rocks. The second volley wound- ter;
ed both nien, but unfortunately saved they
Mrs. Metz for a more diabolical fate. son n
In a few momients the Indians dashed lye is
upon the helpless whites, murdered skin,
the wounded men and tore off their purpl
reeking scalps In sight of the agoni- hurdl
zed woman. Blnt now the hellish slate,
work began. Praying for mercy the Keeip
unfortunate lady was dragged from as po
the wagon and, dent to her entreaties, Tile
the red fiends in turn brutally ravish- figs I
ed her person, and then put her to The
death. In a short time the team in must
which was Louis Simpson drove up, or wl
having been apprised of the attack dryii
by the negro, when the sickening de- lays
tails of the horrid butchery and out- short
rage became at once apparent. The can I
bruises and wounds and the almost an o'
nude form of the woman told the hor- destr
rors of her terrible fate. The dead were not e
buried near the spot where the mas- It
sacre occurred, and Mr. Simpson set when
about retracing his steps to St. Louis. they
Mr. Simpson denounces the Black close
Hills as a humbug. Up to the time keep
lie left thlere was not a particle of are f
proof going to show that gold may be Ti
found in paying quantites. Ifundreds to if
of ave been have be) deceived by on- size
principled agents into going to the and i
Hills who now are destitute and starv- use a
ing. In passing through Cheyenne use
lie saw a number of half-starved, tine
penniless gold-seekers fishing scraps BI
of meat and bread out of slop-bar- tabli
I rels and eating the mess with avidity. is bl
C- fore
MARK OF A GENTLErMAN.-No man fOi
is a gentleman who, without provo- blea
cation, would treat with incivility to to
the humblest of his species. It is a hard
vulgarity for which no necomplished solo
I dress or address can ever atone. in I
Show us the man who desires to make case
f every one around him happy, and fore
whose greatest solicitude is never to anhc
give cause of offense to any one, and deer
t we will show you a gentleman by na this
I ture and by practice, though he may gooa
I never have worn a suit of broedcloth, if y
f nor ever heard of a lexicon. We are in C
a proud to say, for the honor of our tie
species, there are mene in every throb and
( of whose heart there is a solicitude moo
I for tihe welfare of nmankind, and cli
t whose every breath is perfumed with one
f kindness. w
r _ _ _ _ _ _- and
0 AaRvxNo eron MoNE.--lt is cur- is t
Srently reported that, "in these Ihard
d times, the number of persons, of botht to
te seses, who are on the lookout to mar- WI
IS ry for money, is larger than eves be- I
rf fore. the
8. Whomnsoever marries for a fortuno,
I, pays the highest price for it tlhat is
's ever paid, except by one who comn
- Imite a crime fr it. A man who lhad or
id any decency of character left, could te
not marry for emoney without such a til
sense of humiliation and degredationt 21
n. as would make him hate thLe wooman i
le whose money he was spending. And
ofall experience shows thIat a womuan
or who marries a man 'ne does not love,
however rich he oighlt be, derives no
satisfaction of heart from the clank
ing of her golden chainis.
. Thie \jest way to get a fortune is to ti
Il aecaaire it by industry and economy, et
to ai it gives all the more satisfaction s
i when it has been acquired by thile o
, aunited efforts of a true-hearted pair p
d who married for love.
ten Ninetydnine women out of every q
Iundred, perllhaps, Vwill smile whenI t
nd they are told of a man dying fa a
ta broken heart. Tihe giddy, gnsling 1
le things inlagiie thley have a patent ii
rl right to death fromi a broken Iheart. t
his They are mistaken. It is not exaelly I
le clear what a broken Iheart ts. It ranks e
tile in medical mylstery with spontaneous t
ver comlbstion. It means broken hopes,
it is broken faith, or a broken pocket- e
i a bookd, perhaps; bat a mnan died of
Len- it the other day because his wife ranl
take off with another man more festive
S75 than lie. The deceased was a New
was Jersey man at that.
oral TI T 0s orHE WilALsE.- ol h
I h the white whales that had been kept
Va i Mr. Coup's aquarinm at Thirty
SIfth street are now dead, One of
shem departed this life on Wednes
day, the other cesterday. It is be
T lisevd that thse fish eat himself in time
tank and slowly bled to death, for
be the water was dyed with gore. At
a tweto mieites to eleven yesterdays
si morn he rolled over on hia.back
and d 1d e will be removed to the
mnitdenelaS Institute, and Mr. Cp I
whai has ispat¢ced eavoeys to L'rador t
I w seej s.o W~hlIs.--4ew York Her
aIdn, A
Farm and Household.
How to Dry Figs.
- At tie Inst session of the Frni!
I, Growers' Association of Florida, held
e in Jacksonville, Dr. Z. H. Masonl,
e who has had nmany years' experience,
v in the business, communicated the
if following process for drying figs and
n preparing them for market. As figs
z. grow in Louisiana in the greatest
I abutdance; and as there are thou
d sands of lbushels of this deliionus
e fruit annually lost, from ignorance as
to this preparation so that they will
d keep, i)r. Mlason's process should be
n given a trial by all means during the
rt coinilg season:
y The preparation of the fig for mar
e ket is so simple that any iamily hav
k ing the trees may succeed. They re
n quire no sugar of syrup-as thie fruit
ro dries it forms its own sugar. The
id greatest amnoullt of labor and tron
n btle is in gathering; if picked by
is hand it will be found a tedious pro
cg cess. The best plan is to hold a sheet
rs under theotrees, then slake the limbs
a. hard enoughl to make the ripe fruit
iI- fall. Do not place the sheet upon
i- the ground, as the ripe figs will burst
ae open and be ruained for drying. Pre
is pare a bath of strong lye, made from
le potash, such as will swim an egg;
ad have this boiling hot ; put the figs in it
lae basket and dip in the lye for two
ig minutes, then dip them in clear wa
l- ter ; let them dip a short time and
ed they are ready for drying. The rea.
:e. son why they are placed in the boiling
Rd lye is to destroy the acrid gun in the
td skin, and to destroy the color of the
pir purple fig. If dried in the open air,
ti. hurdles should be made with narrow
sh elats, upon which to place tile fruit.
lie Keep them in the sunshine as much
em as possible to facilitate rapid drying,
s Thie second day you can flatten the
. figs by pressing them with file hands.
to The hurdles with the fruit on thema
in must be placed under shelter at night,
p, or when it ralms. The objection to
ek drying ii the open air is, that a fly
e- lays its egg in the fruit, and in a
it- short time they become wormy; this
ihe can be obviated by heating them in
ist an oven or stove, just hot enough. to
)r. destroy the vitality of the egg, but
,re not eonough to candy the fruit.
as. It requires a little practice to know
:et when the fruit is dry enoughl;
is. they should be soft enough to pack
ek close in a box with moderate pressure;
Ine keep better wlhen packed close and
of are freer fronm the attack of insects.
be The boxes should contain from ten
ads to fifteen pounds, as in masses of this
in. size they are not likely to become Ory
the and insipid. In making the boxes,
rv- use oak, cypress or gain, but do.not
me use pine, as it will iupanrt a turpen
ed, tine taste to the fig.
1bis Bleaching Cotton.--It is a well esm
ar- tablished fact that cotton cloth that
ty. is bleached by chemical process be
fore it goes into market does not
wear as well as that which is un
vo- bleached, and is very liable in time
lity to tue yello*; also it is very much
s a harder to sew ulpo it. I have for
lied some years past used tie unbleached
iae. in preference. Sheets and pillow
ake cases can be made up far quicker be
and fore cotton hIas been wet., and allow
r to ance can be made for shrinking; in
and deed, any garment can be made if
la this item is borne in mind. Make a
nay good suds of soft water and lye soap,
atl, if you have it ; put the cotton cloth
are in cold suds, and bring it to a boil;
our thien take tle cloth or garmenet out,
rob and when cool spread out oa the
ade snow or grass. lHave a tub of ends
and close by so as to dip the goods in
oitl once ench diay. In thlree days they
will be bleachled to a snow whitenaess,
and keep white till worn out. This
cur' is the way our grnandmotlers bleach
ed their marvelons webs of linen and
damask, and it is too good a practice
lth to be forgotten, or go out of use.
nar- When the -apple-trees are in bloom,
be- spread out garments lthat have turn
ed yellow, after boiling in suds, and
thley will be eleansed white as snows
-ne, -Country fGentlenman.
Cabbage Ialnd.--I siall cabbage
had or j a large one, I cup Iof vinegar, 2
ld teasploonfuls salt, I of ppper~, I of
l mustard, fi talespoonfals sweet milk,
cha 2 tablespoonfhuls melted butter, I egg ;
iana little sngar may be added if)on
intia like it. Chop the cabbage line, and
And seal with the vinegar anrd spices;
ima askl the milk and eggs last, anid Lring
love, all to a boil, thoulghL do not let it boil.
lak erve hot or cold4
Colic ln Horses or Melcs.-Give a.
is to tablespmn fl of plverized nux Vlo rllmi
omy, ea ill a plit of whisky or any spirits,
ctiol and relief will follodiw in a half hour
Sthe or even siwmner. If not relieved re
pair peat the dose, but the second is rate
ly necessary.
Egg IBalls.-Boil fivte fresh eggs
every quite hard, anmid lay them in cold wa
when ter to get colds Take tie yolks out
g if lid pind them smoothly with the
Ishiag beaten yolk of one fresh egg put a
stent little cayenne and alt, roll tihe mis
hert. tare lnto very smaill balls and nboil
aetly thlem for two niutecs. Hlalf teaw
ra nks eupful of flour can be worked up with
Ineous the eggs.
hope, To Make Sanowflakes.-)lip pieee
ket- of cotton wool, tie aie oIf suowlokes,
ed of into weak gain waters Dust Ilaeml
ife ran over witllh glas piowder. These flakes
festive lre pretty for ormameutatolu of anil
aNew kinds.
Peldding Sauce.-Take the nbhlites
of two eggs, well beaten ; add to thileat
eoth the junice of one lemson, with tbhe ali
kept grueated and four tablespoo!'fg)4i
rhirty- boiling milk. Stir is onae tabilpapuot
Une of fuil of palvelized sugar..
Sbe- Callie's DoIh!!aneta.-One quart of
fin time flour, one tiauepoonful cream tartar,
att, for three-fourths teaspoopful sods dise-.
. At solv.ed iu a teaciltIdI of msar milk,
rd one and a ha.- teaspootefl salt, two
i. bel eggs, adJ' a little sweet milk, cinla
Ito the I*i or spice.
r . 0SaIp lice Batter Cakes.-Mix one-fourts
rador t wheat flour to three fourths of rice
rk Her. tSflower, add a little salt; raise and.
bake ar batekwheat cakes.