TERMS, $2 Per Annum. THE' \VELFARPE OF TH E PEOPLE IS THE SUPIEG IE LAW.
SVLOLEII COPY 5OCES CUSETR 1
- - - i - - - - * 6§U L *
voL. II. NATCHITOCHES. LOUILIANA, SEPTEMBER 2:3. 1876. NO.2
- - -- -- - mammm 1 tiala m ugm.ll F
MAILAS.
AnRRIVALS AND DEPARTURES.
Alexandria to Natchitnolces.
Ari(rira. 1)epartureR.
T i .,t:&v . p. in. Thllrsdlay 9 a. In.
Fridia. 4 pº. Hi. SaLtIlrdV 9 a. in.
1usI1ay 41 p. in. Monday 9 a. m.
Natciitoches to Shreveport.
'riiesthy 9 a. n. Tunesday 9 a. in.
ThnrM in y 9 a. in. 'II n-1ay 9 a. in.
Sitnrdlv 9 a. Inº. .Satorday 9 a. In.
Natchitoches to TexaIR.
Ttwdlay 9 1,. In. Monday 7 a. In.
Satu1rdIay 6 p. in. Thursday 7 a. In
Natclhitoches to Minden.
Tu~day t; p. in Wtdnesdlay 7 a. m
Friday 6 p in. Saturday 7 a. iI.
Natchitocesie to Winnfield.
"(it' lay 1I1 in. Tne,'1ay I p. in.
Friday i1 ~ I, Friday I p. ni.
Al.!. MAILS .cLO.1 AT 8 A. M.
(Offlc IoHTrs-froln 7 A. M. to I.2 31.
and frum '2i v to 6 ; v.
W. I) IT.Jnils.
Yost %Ia ter.
Professional Cards,
W. 1. JAcK. D. PIES1EON
TJaolk. ce Pierson.
4ttornces and Cmnselors at Law
NA'TCIIITOCIIES, LA.
W lT.. p:raorr'h in thI ('onrtR if iatch itocrhi. 1
S bind, I),Sorto. R~ed Rirsr, Winn. wtapihle,4
idu Grant and iti the Siiprei ue ('ioiirt of tbhe
State. (lairmn promptly atteiidcd to.
IHrch :5--l"
!. A. MOIRSE. C. F. )ltANG'CT.
MORSE & DRANGUET,
Attorneys at Law.
4imce on Second Strcit.
March 25-ly. Nactchitoches, La.
M. J Cuoiatnghaem. T. P. Chaplin.
J. 11 Cnnninehan.
Cunningham, Chaplin &
Cunningham.
Attorneys and Counsxelarv at Lat.
St. D)eii St., Natchitoche, La.
1 TILL practice in the conrts of Rap
ides, Grunt, Winn, Sabine. 1)De eto,
Red River and N:tchitoclhes, and the
Supremrne Court of the State.
CIatn promptnitly uttendedl to in any
part of the Union. March 25-ly
Business Cards.
O. A. BULLARD. N. . H.CAMPELL
Bullard & Campbell, t
-UPALLERS IN
DRY GOODS,
GROCERIES,
HARDWARE,
And General Merchandise.
Corner FBO'Tr & LAFAYFrTE Street,
n\at'hitochtes, La.
H IOhEST eash price paid for cotton andt
country produce in cash or merchandise.
March 25 -ly.
TWillie Iolmzes,
PROlcT STIIEET,
Natchlitocles, La.
-DEALERI IN
DRY GOODS, Groceries,
HIardwara,
Crockery,
Hats,
Caps,
Boots,
Shoes and Notions.
Special inducements offered to CrAh
purchasers. Cotton and country pro
lduce, both at highest Cash rates.
March 53-ly.
TohnC 0. Wriohel
(Walmsley's Brick Building,) t
Washington Street, Natchitoches, La.
Wholesale and Retail Dealer in
Dry Goods, Groceries,
BA 8,
CAPS,
BOOTS,
8HOES,
and General MERCHANDISE
R7 Highest price paid for Cotton and
9tn.r Country produce, in Cash or Mer
ebandihe.
March a5-ly.
'heo. Sohttmazn,
-DEALER INX
DRY GOODS,
GROCERIES, and
OGENERAL MERCHANDISE
Cor. FRONT and ST. DENIS Streets
March 25-ly. Natchitoches, La.
4
Poeter Veulenani,
-DEALER IN
FAMJL Y GROCERIES
A 1full assortment of WALL-PAPER COn
stantly on hand,
Special inducements to CAsH Custmners.
WASHINUGTON STREET, St
arch 5--. Natchitoches, La.
O. Sha erath,
Boot and Shoe Maker.
( HALLENGES the world for neatness
V and durability of work. Satisfaction
a At and material guarauteed ki
Shop on St. Denis 8 4 l
JIM* 4n
X. GENOc &e CO.,
- Dealers In
DRY GOODS,
(IROCERIES,
IIARI)WARE, and
GENERAL MERCI'ANDISE.
TWASIXtS)TIN STREET.
N-atchitoch)s. La.
3March 21-15.
IHarris Jasflf,
Front Street, Natchitoches, La.
-dca1 r in
DRY GOO1)S, GROCERIES,
IIARDIWERE,
AND GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
- $Special inducement offered to Cash Cus.
touurul. Marc 5-i v.
it. 3:. 3TmV 3 ,
-dealer in
F'1'%1 SIuri F:T, Natchilocheq, La.
L CASPAItI. M. I1ErTHICII.
Caspari & Dietridch,
(r:.eonte Bluilding)
FRONT St., NATC'IIfTOCIIES, La.
GRAND opening of a NEW M.\MM(OTH
SPRING anld SI7IMME I STO(C'K,
direct from the New O)rleanis and Faster ,mar.
kets, consisting in'part of
DRY GOODS,
CLOTHING,
HATS,
I'OOTS,
SH1OES,
GROCERIFS,
CROCKERY,
I1I.RD
WARE, &c, &c.
LADIES AND ,ENTS'
1URNISIING GOODS.
Iii tact,
A faill liinof GOODS for thel country itade
All of which they are selling at less than NSW
ORLEANS PRICES
FOR CASH.
Call -nd Pamnine the larzest any most amn
pletestock ever hrougtht to thin market, and
sati'fv yourselvre as to their prices.
G Highest price paid for (Coltton and coun
try produce, in cash or merchandise.
March 25--1y.
JAB. T. I NElrG-,
WATCHMAKER
-AND
i j JewTeler.
3 Shop on St. PENIS Street
e 6 (Between 2d andl 3rd.)
Watchels, Clocks, and Jewelry repaired
at short notice, and in a workmanlike
manner.
Solicits a share of patronage and guar
Santees satisfaction.
Dec 4.-ly.
HARRY PERCY
PARISH SURVEYOR
-AND
Gneral Land Agent.
W ILL attend to all survevsin Natchi
atoches parish, also attend to the en
tries of landl at Natchitoclhes, New Or
leans and Washington, D. C,
REFERS WITII PRRIISSION TO
Hon. WiNm. M. Levy, Natchitoches, La.
Jack & Pierson, Attorneys at Ilw.
L. Dnpleir, Register of the Land Office.
A. E. Lemnee, Receiver ofthe Laud Offtlice
Hon. Judge C. Chaplin,
C. L. Walmsley & Co., New Orleans.
All business intrusted to me will be
promptly attended to.
Office: at the LAND OFFICE,
NATCHITOCIIES, La.
Theo,. Ialler,
Coper, Tin and Sheet-iron worker.
-DRAMLER IN- U
Steves, Tinware and House Farnishing
GOODS, s
Washington St.,.........atchilothes, La e
Sole agent for tfhe Unrivalled
BUCK'S BRILLIANT
Coolk.ing atorues.
Gntters, Pipes, Metalic roofing and all
kinds of repairing, done with dispatch.
A liberal disconunt to country trade.
March 15ly;
Oscar Chopin;
COTTON FACTOIR
COMMISSION MERCHANT,
No 65 CARONDELET ST.,
.Jy I -ly New Orleans.
L. WA1 M LEY. 1:. M, W1 \ tIsLE
C. L. WTALMSLEY & CO,
COTTON FACTORS
-AN!)
GENERAL UCOtMISSION MERCNANTS.
Perdido St., New Orleans, La.
Mnlrchll 25-ly.
PH(ENIX SALOON,
Ft. Deniiis Stret, Natchitoches, La.
WCiM mAtY E, Propriatif.
CHOIlII: Wines, Liquors andl Cig~ars
Icle drinks aid attý"utivtý bar ttndcrs
H - '.,
r , IIIý" -
DANIEL PRATT'S IPR V D
"R'voIig IHad
COTTON GIN
PATENTED .11 LL 15, 1,73.
PRIC'E REDl'(')
TO $4 50 PER SAW.
1e
Ta
Od
in
THJS GIN has Mbeen in ne fi the past
  three seasons, and several rIeent i n
prºve~mcnts have Leer ridded. It obvi
btaces all friction at the ends of the cotton
box, prevents the roll from braking, and
gives a LARGER YIELD OF LINT from
the ie anuonut of Seedl than any other
Gin in use. T'lhe Revolving Heanl light
e ns the draft and causes the Gin to run
faster with less driving power, thus do
ing a great deal more work within the
Rime time, while econormizing steam or
animal piower, than anty other Gin. The
seed heing ginned very close, the length
of the staple is increased, produIcing cot
ton on this account of a greater umarket
Svalue. This improved value, given by
length of staple, with extra production
of lint, addedl to ilncreased lamuount of
woilk done, more than covers the cost
of the Glu in every 101 bales ginned.
Testimonials sent by mail on application.
JOS. It. WOLFE & CO.,
S GENERAL AGENTlt,
59.......CARONDELET ST........59
- NEW ORLEANS, LA.
r- C. L. WALMSLEY, Agent,
August 1 NATCHITOClHES, LA.
SHENRY GENIUS,
SWorker in Tin, Copper and
SIEET IRON.
e Corner FRONT & TRUDEAU STS.,
NATCH[TOCHIES, LA.
Also, constantly oil )Iand all kinds cif I
BELATING AN'D COOKINGa STOVES
of the maost improved patterns.
: All m~y stores sold at eity price and I
guaranteed to be as represented. Lib. t
i eral advantages orffered to the trade. r
Also, a fine stock rrf Tinware, Mectallic t
Roo~fing·, &c. pp (mt~ admr
Gutters and pipsro tl n ar
fully repaired. r
I HENRY GENIUS,
Corner Frosbt sad Tlrrdeau tS.,~ i
1Fatchitoehes, La.
March25 176.-1Y.
Behind the Scenes.
Z.tXI cI!ANiiIrmERs MASTERLY TIAxNEI:
OF CONDUCTING TIHE C.AMI'.i1GX.
S[CorrisptiolE'ii:c of tltI \Worll ].
Waslrington, Adi,. 18.-Some inci
dents of the carn paigir may pr' e ofv I
initerest to 1your readers. Atcordii g
ly I send yoin the fruit. of try ohlrr-.
r .atlons at tihe Capitol duriring the past I
week.
t (prising Jar I'ayes and WVhccldr.
At thie Republican Iuhacndquatters all
is confidence, and the riep , 'rim ,
dijifherent lparts of the U'nion speakis i
the hearty determriunation of the peo
ple everywhere to elect Hlayes and I
Wheelet in Novembrer. A conrrespon- I
Sdent writes from Jetf'iHson ('ity. Mo.. k
that tihe Penitentiai y is soliid for tire I
Ciuciunrati ticket. Mr. Fursechtratigler,
one of thie miost promirinenrt )1eno i
coats of Illinois, I;i siiritten a letter .
stating that tlioiugh he hats voted file i
Democratic tirket erark and often i
forty years, he no t; se's the danger r
of iitrtsting the ruins of 'o'ert a-('I r iu 1
to uIlnrelpeutitt relbts, tand wrill tiake' tI
thie satir p for iIiayes ad VWheelert if c
the Preside nt will pardon hint out.
(Ile Is inder. senternce of thre re e ; sr it
imprisonment for embezzling iGo- i
cinereit feuds.)
From M1iiorik Precinct, Siae tit' sIrh,
Nev., a cotrrespr.'dent write,: r T'le
ticket is iecti veil with great 1ritlruii i
ismrr, arid IHaytes and Whwh4lr' will
Ilikeat plrtiIie tire. L;st year tit
swe 1rrtI~l rie lr~·st·rll ';: ~ l N'-~ a ii
Democrats arrried it by G1 ili .h, t t
this yea'r we shi1ll ihi' thre I-u ii;ne
of a tried (.nd irnit'irr iit.i) ptublI;inn ti
whose tetn i n hotr stan i g .- s, i
in Octobes anti railre to pill at )tuth
larger vote ."
Tle lion. I Brim i Smith, of I
ititrk Cnt'~tre, Mr'.. i ieouiiig IN )ii
PoI, -hats Coie out for Hiades and
Whenlur.
W'hen Mr. lChandler read ti:is to
rme Ire said : fr
"Whait dio you think of that? n ithi, a
of 1)Doiurk. htrs coue out for 4r.' t - !;t
for Hives. I ara))i. ig l i;rring for is "r
' sal so. said I; 'nt. w o thearii
letnis is rrithi
"l),rn tinoa, said (.'handler; "lout t
it's a lig tfiing. Besides, the Ger-t
raris iii all cuiting out for LHtt e's
Iesing wrote re frinl Ctiieng List t;
wek that he wotl like to tofun out..'
fi~i
"Yes," I saidn, "he would like toP
o oie ut-of jail ." ti
"lHern l" stuid Chandler, with soe tit
embarrassment, and changed the sub- fit
jeet.
They took a vote in tire BlacIk lMa
Ria tlast week while it was goiinig up
to the city prison. It stood fr f
Hayes and I furh Tildein.
Air AIrrirard JMstake. n
A coiuple of days ago, as I was sit- cl
ting in the Democratic Headitarters, wI
the seer etary of the cormitrrtee, whIo sit
wtas going thrroIugh the mail, suddenly
said, "Hello ! What does this mean ? GO
and handed tme the following letter iit
to read dr(
[Private.]J cit
OFFrrE OF TIlE WEEKLY IIoW caL,
Iiogtown, Md., Aug. 12, '76. ira
Deart Sir: - Your ever-welcome Ilt i
drate for 275 hIas been received, and Si
the nortgage rhas been lifted on the
fHowl, which will corre out next week no
all 0. K. with a staring editorial on
the political situation and the diuty fn
of the Irour. Please see tirat I get, as
per agreement, tirose advertisements i
about tender-s for building ligut-ious- to
es in Alaska arid carrrrying tire marl in .
New Mexico. The circirlation of tihe '
fiord is large and steariil3- increasing,
tie
arid it is a goird ruedirim for erich ad- brv
Verfisemreris. tic
Yours, respectfully, Icic
Jons S. TnlnrMER.
"Whiat in thunder does this meant?" JitE
said tire Secretary. "I never sent
him a check, and I haven't anything
to do with gettlug Government ad- roj
ng
vertising." rit
At this moment a messenger enter- 'd
ed wild with haste and said Mr. t
CIhntrdler' sent me rp to sty if there t
was a letter in our' mail from Dog- fra
towo, Md., to seird it to hrtim nIopeni ''t
ed. Theret's bern 'ra miistiake. Thle
man's written two letters rind ulit Orri
thremi in the wrong envtueloies. lIere's t
yours." So saying re manned us tire tin
following:
OFFICE OP THE WEEKLY IloWr, prr
Dogtown, Md, Aug. 12, 1876. tlic
Dear Sir :-After mnatirre delihera ple
tioni I see thiat it would be an excerii aot
mert fraurghit witih ir ieil to take lire ti'
control of tire Republic at tins tiune I
from tire Reprrlnienr ii patrty arid hitiriu nli
it over to tire rebel Deuioc-ricv. Ij inn
therefore, d(eem it to be m 113' y tii r t
devote tire i-forts of my prrper (which ul('5
is tire Prrliadrrnr of Libher-t' aund rh li '4
Archrmedeanri levir tflirt frll on-vs f ii'1ai
w'orl-d, or, at l'rist, thiis rigid tfli' great - lIol
ir portion of the ant .iniiing civiritst) In1i
to seurve thie etectiorr of I lr es arl "'
Whreeluer. Tire hrojeless disnrgi e- !thra
lnnlit of Tildeir aird Helnrb- icks orn the ini
enrnterev qruestioii shuiws rirw little
there i5 to he exjwcted from tfie De- '"o
Inocracy or) n asrubject so vitril as I are
have alwar s considered tire mlotrey hat
qjucstioIr to be. toe f
Y'ourls resDpctfillls, Ite
Johs S. T'.faErI. eiin
P. S.-Nat withisttridirrg ourri ditier
eic-c tif oprition, iftpiredC~ oin ty parit "
by a strict adlhereirce to jrinciple, we lIar
hlrnve iru nusiral facilities for doiig joh i5'e
prlirt inig of all sorts, as tickets, plac- La
irds anird t Ire li ikc. ntirt
Tre Inrdepesnderrt Press. l
It is sinrlgdrr wirot bronder viests fret
and keener peteretlons of urn-n and deli
things a nan will acqruire by a briet is I
residetrce amung tire great men of has
tire conniry ; how nifich justn-r hle- oit,
come hirs appreciatirrns tind jrdg- and
ments. For instance, about two he I
moulths aton the correspondent of a an
pnr per in Conrecticuit eame here and war
wrote brick to his jirnrnrai thrit a satrir- be
tralia of eotrnoption reigned sirpreme edtf
at WVashtington, wlhrlo like gihlwring timr
ghouls the forl hyenas of nepotism ilet
and fraud stalked supreme trrough Pr'e
avenIIeis oflrine. c Lat w.c- k - -
Ciaridiler nollte hint withli a x!
' vl: clerkship, 3d31 I'tledilatelv he gush
ed forth a letter sad ing that the Ad
Iministration of C Viial (-irant, was
Ithe luest and most ellicieut klnownt
ci- si1ce' the days of Washington : that
of never 1had the laws 1bell soi ji3st or so
Ig- v igorously enforied. aIn that thie
r- Adllilstilratioin of 1ir. llHaves 11wo il
ast he a colitiolnatliol of that of Mr. (;rant
n a31 the stroigest argumihut fur the
election of ll; I l"..
Since I)on Cameron nih1' li0lhed hi;
311l famous olsrii ther1' e hai l ;1' i ai13 CoI
"I stalit scene' of excitem'nlit at the Wh'A.1
iks 1)e(artrm'nt. StilhhIlaml 'Ou not, I
1" believe, like doing the dirty work.
u(1 lut lie can't help himself, becanse if
ti- lie cuts up rough the first thiig I,
0'. knows fied Grant or Inh ock will
be he pit in his place. It r'eininds-tall
,* K'ta Departmentl;'t do(10's-on a hn st
ii( , of a restairant abloiitt I o'clock.
"P with clerks and miiessei'geIs run t io
lis n1 it 4 11 1 :ltd } illi : ilt, 1 floi
n fur (le for o Okiechieebeo, Alt.,"
T '' "United 4tittis M.J:t 'ii it itln' smile ill
lt. aitly for laiiuiug." 'Iurry lip
the n I t,,t hgg for , ell,, tw
if coil41atu3es to illiiw," and Soi (oIl.
it 31 i'. Chandler received t(Ihis toni
iiin whiff. I was with Iihii a 1t hgrani
- I I ld Sai t( l i n more (3311 d t i igi t ei
fº "('amp.tlgn note. !( caif I ; "u)
thalt's the \t". Yortk Tinwtes."
ill (iOh, no'" Ii ljI ntiileil Ihe `eeni'i(ll ,
'let "1+11 teet 0l, " lilt tittcte (·,It' 'e.w
1 i' nili. n esle of ill del0
it ust: 1 n tt:-Al np.'
c i llr ( , 01
"R n I;jn~ ' in h Party."
o- (it.P dun1g 1'ost.]
Itl TFil conws, like the so l of
toi , llsi ii, il Irll It tii I iw . ll," I
fIa a part i Its death thres. Such i I old IiII 1 i 111
In honest ps tvor if its leaders had
not s. en the h11n11d ai tinlig i n the14 w;all,
tc `thou h:1st b~eeni %'I ile :land found
It IwanIItintg." It coiieis therClelfull' as the
t'i derlier resorilt. as tihe last hope of ai
stdin~asty which know: (tell that it
Ira. 1pee 11 11 ul faithflt to its itrlst. The
p~eoplle mnight he deludled by it hilt
fir thlie fiart that experienci e hias tauglit I
thetlai tliit this R'1epubli1n1 Admiinis
Stration is laded down with unful
filled promises ; that it never had any (ei t foth
and( that its leaderIs h3ave ilva3riably (
Iought merely plersonal advantage1l' 1
for themselv esl a3nd their satellites., al I
Wiays at I11 Cost of the ta x-pa j(1'e'i of t
tilhe UnionI, and( that tllhrefulre thlie
t- eleventh Ihoa'r promlise of ''reform
Swithin the party" is not too late, obut 1
o simply ridicnlols.
v An individual, with the help of 1i
? God, may reform, 1may leave off haill
r habits, and from being a imiserttife, 1
(drllken loafer, becoime a reput1able '
citizen, but a corrupt political Iparty tI
can not reforu. It is in the very si
nature of tliinigs imlpossible. EvenI it'
the lenders, such well worn political t.'
C !hacks, as Morton, Cameron, Chandler, 11
Shieperd & Co., conlid reform -which tl
t i
no sane man bei)eves possihle-their tl
numerous scholas, trained and drilled i
Sin crookedl ways, and scrupnlously w
free from any lqualms of conscience, if
C0co4ld not chiaiige their Ilnture antid 1
s their lucrative I c'cl (lpations in timiec "I
to begin 11n 1honest coIl'513 by MaIreh re
" 4, 1877-only six months lihnce. It Cl
C wiould he the acme of niriiie;ieoiablle- le
' ness to expect a mirailcle of tills kind; ;
bat the leaders will not change 3 1a1'- -s
ticle, nor will a single one1 of t1livir 0(1
hlenchmen. 'hlie conuse thellv 31re 1ow
r, psuinlg exhibits not a truce of re.I t
formation ; on the contr0(11ry, it shows Ii.
t Iore plailnly the deep seated cor- tii
ruption of the party. is
Grant, Chandler, and the new Sec- tlh
ret'tr'y, C31I1c1ron, III1ve becmte so
reckless, thlnt they searcely attempt.t
to conc*'3l the inachiner3' they hav11'e t
· set in motion to carrv the electioni by 11h1
fraud and force. Does this l1o4k like at
"'' fobrm withlii tihe pa rtni' Yef' , t
e :31114 it is just such refotiirmi and such Ii t
t o4ly' as thlie people might expect if to
they should a1l~l1w this J131'13 tol 0(111 "
tilneI longer in powr1'~i. II fIlct, those ill'
'et'y .V lelel's would not hesitate to so
prI(v'Iinim, if they conl 1( sIrcIcI'41' iii it
pll 4 inloirseld all th'iir clrrul pt ll'
ac~ts. Thi npat ledrt
a llpp'roIvil4l Iif' Ji inilt's high haInid'd 11 111
IIllIcInstitiitIIu l ilolhilgs ; iS 1 t11 l Ihs
1101114 1(4 "' of tin-ir t ne pllu'ISillsh lbii
dei tI 1 1ie th IIor ithiin the 0411try I'
Eiii thi 11 4 e11ri Ionn. eve
argaentand verypromse 'ith
leiq Ueicen lr-uliers io tye shw tlia niel
hIll jiiiiii li f li e ici l-1g'lts ~err (itan th
that theie ils nIo hioipe for111 the ol try
ilnVC th'a5041 '0 joltni. h ~idl
iuii I le othertiiind,i Ii~l' oh thre Denolic
ioceract hole to do it j133t 1'iigllt i hei' 01
tilliae Ie I~ lg3( ati e f' ai' I Ill' ; I1101(3,111
1)elno~rint' 51't4'hilt'g 011 101(0181. O f It
(hl'1Jhcttl'd The 1(15k it' ti('ll' I'i~llCttttl I liii
oiPinnder poe, the jil't'5C1( )II il-(' 14t
eau roto l t si o iiiicJI iemocrts hIllst. I
newsC CcealSe~ 'o purt thalth; to caill to ,
parI'~'tY as compared'' w'ith the~l·ir'"l prol
I liie; to teotgi tlie 111lat valii cIe aliih ic*
SI) partys Ii) mecanly I li' rl'tul.l tiIC'3' art
want cnwibin the lirtw h. dIt 0113 only . ll a
bthee IhinIs are foln i the pl1in hiti t
Demot nic lin enit (If I lie 3(11111iti' fu
fromlr wh)ich thc·y hav~e dleilnberately H
tirmbted The task of teDmcrat*i Ilt' b tiec
Sis to enilighiten the p~eop'lelas to, whalt for
on1, unrder thre presenrt gov\el~rnmenrt,,
an~d to allow hlow imposs,~nible it must1
her for thle good I1nes of1 thet Rlepulbic
an partyr to secenle thle reform·ll they an
want "wUjfithi the~ parIty.\. It can~ onlly in
be rearlizedt bya change ini thle politi- to
eat mninAgembutt of' thle admoiniritra- qu
tionr, by thle Demllocratic parIIty, by· the Co
election of Samuel J. Tilden to fIlle
Pr'esidcnoy al
vh 3rave Charge-s Against Hayes.
It I
1 Chicago Tim is.
't Gov. 1Ily(.s' fli itdih are responsi
Is i}le tfr the precipitation of 'what ilay
hf Ile called the sklnk svstcn of cani
it paignin . 111nist not therefuol t
"n iirnplaini if Ile, lik Iii . hetters, econies
ini for sme befouling. The chief of
!tl the Niewv York eh'tioms ring, : tool
it itig' iicuirs, the fthlow-eonispirator iofi
ie (,"L~benek, (rein(, in hi. New v ork pa
Iiri a reckle., (hat izt- aigaiinsi the l-ip
1- 1a0a houe of cit . Tiilen. This
l rIIIe, vi liici is N hb11v tht resullt of
tr a forced construction- by lhiich every
I uiine-jss umali in Chicago ºo ttil he ae
(e'used in the sanIe-is rluuted i v the
if very document from which it is vio
e len tlv garuBled.
' t'he point is uttertly worthless, too
1 dlespicable for patlient dlstussion; btlli
c 1s the organs of 11it% es ini5i$I oun pry
ing rathlessl into all the privae ' of
Spersonal c haractet, he Miust not be
siirPlised that the guns amt spiked
'wili aniuntiitii on tfro his owin ntliga
zine. IBy the showiiurg in his olwhn
p haiind, G ov. Haves has been falsifyingi
0 tilie rii I;iid lett Itlilg anl tol ithmn o(t
1i lidf tijitisly hlehoW the vaiI llutllt
-of his persinuil :ind taxable propj'rty.
u The evidence is so plain lit) one iiCan
aiiitVa it : it it is a mattter Clutol -
ing 0 11u' iililjc, it shonid he dihciussed,
if not. Ir. IIHei~s ii1 the fiioo to sayi
, wit not.
The prodctic: nt of this extraodin a
io iiih ies v to discredited charge
nif I tithlllehinig :4111)t from IUtnll i
tanil n shli r he died in his blritilaie.
il ta- .aivs is explicitly charg
edl a ltli uit;iiiin g, and it is eiqniu lli
,li,1 tilmat it Bever iealh ieI its desti
nation . i'hiue ihu go 1% 11l h ,vi faull
re~nl tnn tic , tile holu h tilt- d.-raisit a e
tlil idiot hl contfirio-il, if ii ha.l not
i hlein for the cntrobiitiiuati evidence
Of sharipi platiicte as it i stemi.
Th'Ie bhunch once Ilmide in a m~an's
character, the avenues I1 defi luieit
find iread access. It Is st;ted with
surpilisiiig detaiul mid coucluisive ye t
by a correspondenit at ColImnbus t hat
the recent odious execattiiu at Day
tim, where a lad was iumiteliered in the
etl:rt to hang hit , Was a Pice lof the
oI hilt Ihear(tless political schemingt. It
is clear that the ase Wias amply i de
serving of exeeutive clemency, but
Hiayes, on being aippealed to, itlade
resiponse that it would "lItse votes."
Now this is very shrewd and in keep
ing with Hayes's sly way of mana
ging men and things, but it is tun
worthy the man who aspires to the
Chief Magistracy of forty-the toil
lions of Americans whoi love tiri play
If the man hianged at Dayton last
week ideserved executive clewency,
amnl there is strong priesuilpti Vtlive i -
deice, tiet tehe uatan who refused it
is guilty of murder.
These are sertious charges to ibe
ihandied about otochirig the character
lof a iant who has hitherto stood so
wiell before frientds 1and enemies ase
1Ir. Hayes. Allowing mlluch for pait
tisan malice and the heedless en Ithn
isiasit of ca llmpaigners to thlrowt the
burden of defense upion the ad Iersa
iry, Ithere still remain thle tgly factf r
tiihat Hayes' taxes are absurdly below t
thle known fortune lhe ilnherited ; that
the pension irecords show him as hay- v
ing drawn the $400 for a dead soldier (t
which, it is alleged the family of the ',
soldier did not treceive ; finally, that p
hie shirked tihe lity moost ienncumbent 1
111)0on an executive of ci)USaosilecO n is
refusing to interpose tile mtuniciIpal C
ciettlem-cy confert-ed upon his office c
least be should lose a few votes. p
These tiiings leave a 1111n iif pre1vioslit5I
Ianhenlishled chllrurnter ill a paintully n
co-(lrrnli sed nliptlli rgh t, Kaid it is sincere
ly to) le iioied t hat the Governor mniy a
see the itwisolm of ut 1once explitininig
frankly the ittl fites in these allega- it
tious oif his halitical advetsaries. It Ii
is imtplossilule to conceal the fact that si
tile Goiveroir's singuliar inItilacy si
with Gtant ; his long letters about the
McKee and Avery pardon, and tie at
tiotes of conifidentce nt hong I1,anchl ra
hav'e gravely impaired the confidence w
at first felt in the personal purity and li
sturdy direlctess (of Hayes's citarac- t
tel'. It has ii irt him inrnneasutrably a
to have it knownm1 on hsis liWn eonaes- a'
sitart too1, thiat "Jim hilaine is may hi
iileal of an Americani public alln," at
snipjuppliem nted by thIe Rnisttt ;inct that ni
it was to Blatinte Ris first confldeltjal
nmmessago was sent and it was cit hlhiiiaie,
hle expresseii the stronIgest pTrf(1lclli:
i(at SiICiin iti hrliehe It lioiked like a i
111th ite blieatk up. All these straws 51:
hllt ' f tmrelul id the ivaty tot the fatal t
cireli h rnders iltromptiet andil 0il
li-ls tise uli- dnil vital to I e-estais lih
I la is is a bhtinmelss if not brilliant (I
ca ihidi te. mi
"As to thi-e will to select good men,
that is it ortI tel uf h loch each Ia t'
IoII st jilgu fir ll iititglht, 10eui ng01 t 11I
the knioleuge- ii is of the char- te
iii? te ii Gen. liavus anrd Gov. Tilulen,"
il-.jictit-elx.'---Timne*.
WVe agree wvitb our cotttetnpor-amy.
Onl~knowll-dge uf Go'. fla.1 a leuds
its is regard hilm na a regat i vi surt itf
p1-1510, whot woulid be Pr usiident in
naeonly, while Z/Mcii Cuantdfeir timthl
his host of ,dmlur- rmen, stronger tif tiillI,
wottld cilltrll lim i. The cihal-act-r o ah
Gut'. Tihlen is atlso w il knuiwn to us. tii
ife is a man 'vio io-ads rathuur tian on
fiullow los itarty, attd mnidthus its frol- .lo
icy -athl-r th1111 stm$-r himself to tue
imtu-r itmni lessc- tllt -en Eluct Ti Iden !
amid yofl ge-t a Presuidemt ithio will is
fttrnisi itis jmarty withi iuii-ts. ElI-ct Cl
Hayes atnid yiut get a ri-spetabmle dilti
tion uuf Grant Iism. Iiiat is the Ilif
ference in character betwoee tile two '
Wujhih is tihe greatest law-hureaker 1
artli dist'u lhor of the jieace--lu- lull,
ini uppcisi iiun tum law, uses his suhuliurs
tuu illt- fete witihi the pu-ojle in the G
quiet anud otrdetfy exercise of their ca
ecinstitutiumnah irights, or the man who ti
wotu1l Iiisist snell ittet-fereuce when n
Mkaifilted
es. The True Position of the Color
et Voter.
Isi- 3tAl lihis :Appeal.
t V The coloredt v otersi ini this sectioni
InI of the State tlense 10 paI ty l)' na1,4 t
rit e t of~yýº S("lline that~ at \asilville ill
t' t ilfusi g to 111ke i tit tlltl foio
F of ja overlor. Tl' y llre ;t; a lia tis'ieJ
of1 While thi' arei i thu's con sutltilng as" tai
ta- their be(st i11tcerests and~t dutis under
, the cir nn i'st:n s the ;el a aie 14 11'tel
his for the daisp sl i iatte or t 41 Ii .
of ship wi pr'p10 m it this article. Iu
tiy` appehling to their hood seIise ant
u- jildgmentr1, till D)efuneratic tpally hx,
lie llnitlliliV to gain, as its l ii ts' i (111.3
of- State 1ii neai fitly tstoI sand, ' l tll
SI s eau nee hopet i to olercdi mi
.o0 this tuoi f it. 1on the color lune, whiclh
4tu they at'opkted I'y votlfrg to dIi' flo
.1 hiet titil whites, i mtn i ltd j IRely elt -
IIof tion frinagº thi se ines hai'st(f thei e 14
4 lste lt Ivat c' w ith) i wli I t heir1I (.fn1
11 ftteret Ii) the Thd elths 9o the ficr m
ell plovers. The l)e11ocratic party hils
, fothlit to I ear fei r i tilhe c iol d itIiotA
:1 ill Tem essee, as it has 111ifount:I tri
h' I'anll 1 'ito their united oppsk ition.
of It is ill the interest of !1ith races
in that ae ask il. na goi i to) iitiusd , uwet
S. that they are disaiishieoou witr I their
an own leaets, aid ask theiseltve
S hit they have ;tined by their 1ºer
iistent wand with the whites, and o he
IV iilience to the Itullaias i 9 Thlie Idtieb
mnnd WhIig isaskinlg the colored pteo
SIblea fIw hir oitions Which iMshtutlc h4
to ;I I) ): undletd to the blacks Ihiuu ltroulnt
e- the S i4th.4111 i4 I lnly fngc l t co lored
1pe, as4 tlo their dlsu, iut asks w hat
i') rofi t hi1s a Irauo i tio yl i ltl r If a uting
I(sel'er together under the Iaculor
iio 344411 cIdital~ll41 otr 111 is ridi 1.10th
line ? !is it olln ywo friends a iongt
than wiith whu o you Were hots )nar
t ratsie t, anid w 'ith oWu are b oundt
I tfilling o' un illit g, to live and die o
1 lias it 11ought to yaour a sisstane
Sf filendsc fro tlalimtn strangerus to lfeOed
I'e and nourish an mlwustain you t 1111
Sit saved yoIt from the plinderg of had
4 'i pctol It) iii") Joll t~al) f )of 1''~l~t o
1n's uii onder false coor tif t(ie'h iotalr
Itoa scil tw anscnlccd ti re Ave you vr
t lov b and charity' ? His it elevated
o11 t lem oral or 0 t i mat ed, al condi.f
4t lion ? has it, i word, led lt o you into
a the green fields promised by these
strangers itho havnmeore down3 to
Sseek and to grow fat? `IWhe re is this
l tmle and fortyt anres promised to you r
iateluhren etllleatoefti;~ atot te ptilic t
iti he, f the benefioent blessings of the
Freedmian's lnroan f 1)o you not
Itworship God undisturbed under your
Ic!own vine and fig tree f Have, you
} aot your credittbl t ordeos, military
tcompanies, your potlitical societies
land citibs f Do you not discuss, wri itoh
iout let or h indrlnces, all iesi-tis ofi
t relitgion and polities r Do you not
vote as you le please ? Do you tot
hold yr n real and personal proper-,
Sties wfihout annoyance ? Are yot
-lot tlhlied and givend in iartlage
otut rthdut quest Idr tt ! Are nt rou to
't children eadsucated atO the public ear
pelnse, mostly from the pockets of
e the whites ? o not tihoe laws res
pettient 011n yoaur 9 h~t llbtiS~ft t~~~~ ll
ti~dl~t' Einhttlrll ArSou iuilel~~ej in~h
I Pet and protect your riglts of pirsotli
antie, o rlpertt in whlatl does your
Sstotus in tlhe Siorth yo u ?f or olor
tio Ii tIC 0'i'iif ilt5.1)15her gt'lcttt ly i-n
Swhite fellow-citizens I Then, wtt th
i array yourself longetr under the colo t'
e line f Icay not cheerfulil join ot,
with the people on whole you de
pendl for sustenance ? Are you ever
to bie the t ools to be used by designi
t i ng lien for their advantage andill to
lyour detrimentn 1 Are Iit t i e14 ter t
t oe oWehi tes pifId on the chessLoard
by the will of those whoset rlfc is de
b jinlden or t mony our(qll e subtmiss tothd
r Iae, a'y outselos e s r iig o ist ndther
wcites, jt sho long ivihl yell)t tole d the
pie delat'edi ill tile fior tl r e:iofr
of isnt\tt I· ·iictio has~l ben o~ing on,l
the ttipe hacist of ttle libhientiy. (l li
agltinstn c in , class ag~list ilt he terac
ltod.lt race- colirn Iltc arie (' n rhe
ltt lie o t.] 1l' hat 4) Ile raeii a fi h
g111 itoer evil tcrtlts lof the wljnd on.e
lins ut solely b, allIS I', iti Islltut n i'
raol, ioarto ct'trsltlvtdes111j liginsl 1the
swthijeitititi 1111 ltrlon ttillno are they
til the fhole tl i lll p hia en l ta, t tlfh
ttterc (If an itresp ofii thile tli.at ?
S\Ifc Gove ist't~or hve tn fr ulthfuf
----- so~c--
If oIt is it tiont olr th c tLi 1tn10li
tistlel y111 t b ',ti to t eitc, wii t l tl-illtO,
iiiinstace he ha at alyid'eadV WI-tingM
itolf'ter acceptih ng theoltin ationnd
hbe.tion rainoter14 4tplortin tahe (-141y
1not Jrea'riln l the yoi rIt, and ftoen.
elion of th milt Ta V o'a It cyit on
t~itil the hoe Gruiition, 11hl the cotit -h
mernce ofevr an ise ipiriiblt nowpt
m1nt it)temn it thrat pion tol the gao *h
etitotitit. rnr e oitvlysa
gerso that e South goto New Eglandia,
when they h'ai athelr frietds. rite
It isttt-r the taitptin t the emnatili'
- heas for rie)antiodr hl'it ulriks, null
thatilt Stajite 'in gije a inajrirctn ot