JtS. II. COsGRp, - - - Editor.
NATIJHITOCHE8
SArTUtDAY - - - JiiTy 24, 1875.
Advertising Iates,
f square.... . ý(I if al I1(0 0015 00 20 i00
• squares... 7 01 III (I) 1 IoSr 20 00 25 00
3 squaren... 1000 l13 O ~1 00 25 0 l 0 )00
4 slnares... 1400 I 1800 22 00 30 00 35 00
5 square ... 1700 21 0ino 7 0 o  00 4000
Ssqualnrae... 24 00 3O 00 40 00 45 00
7 squares... 2300 27 01) 31 00 5 00 70 00
' squtares... 2(00 30 00 41) 00 i5 00 80 00
1 squlares... 3000 35 00 50 00 57 inl 05 00
75 squares... 45 I0 60 00 70 00 10 00 1ri 5 00
O0 square,... 6100 80 00 00 00 125 00 150 00
Transient lavertisemwnts $1.50 per square of
.0 lines- revier, first Insertion. Each asuse.
quent insortion 75 cents per square.
OUR 5JO OPFFICE is supplied with a
great variety of type, amT work in tlis depart.
mont performed' with neatness and at muder.
ate prices.
Terms, CASE on delivery of work.
Rates of Subscription.
One Ctopy oe year..................3..... 00
One Copy six months......................2 00
(Payable in advance.)
John J. Herbert, is our duly authori
*-t~ring agent.
Notice to Contributors.
No commTn,.t- --
mness iwnompanied by the antor's real
rame. But one side of the sheet to he
written upon when sent to nus for inser
tion...
Articles to lo short and to the point,
to have attention.
These are or rules and they must be
strictly :aThereil to.
Premiums to Subscribers.
The Yindicator will be furnished to
subscribers at the following rates.
I year...... .... ............ $
6 mos.......................... $2
No subscription received for less
than six months.
ALL:SUBBCsIPTIONS INVARIABLY IN
ADVANCf.
We will furnish to each yearly sub
scriber a magnificent Steel Engraving
19x24 inches. Now is the time to
subscribe--write to our Editor for
Club rates, in which we offer special
inducneements.
arns ?*?u U ox aN wifE
Wim Aiuauulmd be ma m.
NOTICE.
Person. ordering JOB
WORK from this Oice,
must pay for the same on
delivery of the work.
No deviation from this
rule.
Babscribers to the Capital Fund
Softhe Viadioator Publishing Com
pony, are requested to call upon
KL IL Carver, Esq., Treasurer of
said Company, with, or remit to
his address, the amounts they de
sire to pay to said Fund, without
delay.
We sop the press to announce the
arrival in town of E. B. Wheeleek,
Esq;, President of the New Olleans
and 'Pacie Railroad Co., and Maj.
Groe , engineer in Chier of the road.
It is proposed that a Maas Meeting of
our leading citizens be held here upon f
M oade, 2nd of August. C. Whee- r
look ~l telegraph us in the mean r
tiame, tat we apy otify our people
of ghr tat day apon which this
 _w. `tie held, at the same
we paor citizens to bear in
i nd koxjr, TeN 2xa or. AoUGUST, a
i proposed day, and we would
)ItIVtil sILLh.e leading property
towi* a t . l Cona and talk rail
road, till-do us good; make us feel
hap~g ren if for a moment.
Thul rir oad rll be built ietout
fai ; t er.can benoquestion of that.
Let rna e forward and furnish our
mi ltd up the country. The t
em" t *ca be mtore than satisfied in
ift to : Uicome Arm thfeir "dark gi
eorn,' ad met the live men. p1
Sadts e thre hmurderers TI
of aB Rivs*ipurish have all been ''r
captauare fd . #6 do not re. or
gret r t sad it should serve as th
a warilngt. all who dolikewi p
'Paries f9tmCampte, in this par- er
ish, wait up and assisted in eapturing be
Stlese MOI. ic
S a4 1 td Alexandria and BRa
pia pplpb a rbs ed. 86,000 on pig
enials oin iaeed, . Good I si
r e being arranged l in
to I sa ic Kiusthi. . oi
nej
aor qorrtdpopnents
i1 th: lool newsr theys can 1
g fstey f knol!er soreola- orn
wdr h, k orrc ....t be
bfre e th
+ ba- C'
Reflections.
The enemies of true liberty; dthat
liberty whicl secures represenitation
Editor. to those who are taxed. the grand
principle for which thi forefathers of
the Rlepuhlic contended 99 years ago,
, 75. charge spnn all those who differ with
them, as being rebels, traitors, white
leaguers, and anf the euphonious epi
thets known in vituperation. This
system of abuse from the grand res
ervoirs is followed out by the pigmy
- thieves and calnp followers in Louisi
Iina with charges of violence, intimi
o dation, ostracism, &c. We are charg
a on oed in all resistance, as being unlaw
) ful or lawless; this admits of serious
S(doubt; violation of law is one thing,
liso on and the resistance of a people to un
,uferf just and tyrannous enactmentsofpow
ers, no matter how constituted and
with a how delegated, is quite another.
deport. Rebellions are unsuecessful efforts
on the part of the tyrannized to throw
_ off the yoke of the tyrants, and ty
rants are as congruous to Republics
...s.co as any other form of government,
...2 00 and tyranny, is as natural to moral as I
human government. When the peo- I
ithori- ple engaged in insurrection are sue- a
eessfual, they at once become patriots; i
such has been the history of the I
r W 3ri Ef ople who owe their indepond t
to le ence to a successful rebellion should, f
inser- it is supposed, be less liable to refer a
point, to others, who failed, such titles as
rebels and traitors; but snch is not the º
st be case, as we can plainly see from a 1
.. perusal of our history for the past a
sixteen years, the general drift of p
which would teach us that they are f(
more abusive than even monarchies.
We are led to these reflections by sl
-3 the manner our rulers have treated a
S2 us; their shameful conduct towards w
less as as fellow-citizens, as eren ulbjeets, of
if they claimed us as such. The ut- e8
Y Imost inconsistency has' been maui cl
fested by the g (eat (?) Republican n.
party in this matter. In one breath ,
ring "peace and good will" has been th
B to preached, and in another, )late and
for extermination.
The citizens of this entire Repub- s
lie are but themselves successful reb- to
els, as criminal, if it be a crime at no
all, which we deny, against the En- w
glish government, as any people on let
earth; as the most lnnteirifled Kuklux pri
is supposed to be, by the fog horns of thi
the North. Had the American patri
ots attended to the questions of LAW, Or
ris. which the English parliament and
a King had a constitution, right to enact, thu
there would have been no such thing anS
as an American war for independ- 8a 1
)B ence. But they did not, they resist- in
ed, evaded the laws of England and pot
ewere successful. te
tlf We at the South, conceiving our the
rights invaded, withdrew from the Ma
Union arnd to ree tnsccesful, for which m
we have suffered all the pains and ofd
penalties known to man, and hat too, pro
from a people as guilty of the crime vii
imputed to us, as ourselves, and a per
m- thousad times amore so. Happily these io t
on things are passing away; the sober, p
of second thought of the people is be- r a
ginning to convince them of the ut- one
to ter inconsistency of their conduct to
le- wards us, and we predict we shall bil
hear nor see no more of it within our Nat
history. It is now confined to a spe. siit
ceial class of persons that did nothing ent
to beat the South when at war, and
kare anow "kicking up a dust," so to boe
speak, to hide their own cowardly upo
conduct during that war; and als i
another class, the Carpet-bag and s
8ealawag thieves of the South, who Nat
when found guilty by their own subs
n friends of the North, of the most out- and
rageous conduct; of the vilest plun- ish
e der and robbery, are still sqeaklng bond
Kuklfs, White League, and all esch tled
stut. to o
i These latter are the men who steal,
, and when you call them by their late
! right names, thieves, cry out "law- Rowv
l lessoes the men who when you do slve
. not "go in with them by. copro gave
mises, &., so that some color may be acta
given their acts; some kitchen respee notie
t lability be given thlirei party, de- s wi
nounce you as violent, extreme, and the I
asnch other charming things, that all
men who value principle, are willing nessa
. to bear. We hear this cant and cry p. 4
in Louisiana every day; but we are
6Slnd to know thabtit is but the ex- our I
piring groans of the plundering horde.
They saee the hand writfing on the as a
'Wall; no more troops; no more bolt tem
esug laws; no more attention paid
their lying dispatabeL sent North, of wh
Spiles of dead negroes, to make North- e
er votes. The "bloody shirt" has
been furled, and io .t stead, the glo
rious flag of oir Union, with not one di
star dimmed in luster, will wave over
a prosperous, happy and unitedpeoe
pie. The last ballot box has been
stuffted in tli :LState; the lass return- ticed
ing board coneocted its freed,,.n d ied
with that ends the; ruinouseP radiced.
negro rule in Louisiana. Le
We visited during the week, the
erop of Col. Wm. M. Levy, andean
safely pronounce it truly wondefl Co., a
fortbe seasons, for it must ~,inem- r
bered that t ,is o rop b s s Ptale l 9
through tbhe most serious droughLt.
Cotton and corare Iboth in ebse Po1e
dition, and tht portion of both ,lIiQl th
. been Pbjesated to the adva ment I
ald improveda.system, for u, of sub
ellinlg, fertilising and thorough elat- .hev
S I a 148e d eOm relipiehe lon. at U
lpi g any, farmer to v:s7ttlmg and pa
ce fad mot the ct nlmprovd hs whil
New Orleans Pacific Railroad,
y; that We are waiting, rather impatiently
r4itation it is true, to see and hear railroad
e grand men up this way; to know what they
thers of desire and what we are to do to fur
irs ago, tler the enterprise. Our people, we
er with are more than pleased to note, are,
i. white as a .mass, greatly in favor of the
us epi- proposed improvement, believing that
This it possesses all the elements of suc
.nd res- cess, being in the hands of home peo
pigmy ple and they, deeply interested in the
Lonisi- construction of the road and the de
intimi- velopment of the resources of the
charg- State.
unlaw- iWe know of no country that de
serious mands development as much as Loun
thing, isiana, the garden State of the Union,
to on- it is admitted by all to bp a wilder
of pow- ness; this may, it is true, be owing
ed and to political causes mostly, but we
r. must not stop to inquire that; how
efforts it came about is a matter of the past,
throw our duty is to reclaim it, and to do
nd ty- so railroads are our only dependance,
)ublics almost. We require immigrants as
iment, farmers, field laborers and skilled ar
oral as tisans; we want them intelligent and
peo- thrifty; we have mines of minera
'e sOc- and agcriultnral w~u". ,orally unde
vriots; veloped, in truth, we are in our in
of the fv L "'- great Union of armo, i
Dates, we are asleep, the sound of "
epond the locomotive whistle will awake us t
could, from our slumbers to renewed 'life a
refer and activity. h
les as There may be those who do not P
t the "believe" in improvements, that is
om a but natural and reasonabie, there ti
past were men who said Morse and Ste- a
ft of phenson and Fulton, were visionary
Y are fools and fanatices, but they have b
hies* proven with telegraphs, railroads and N
us by steamboats, that they were not the di
eated fools, but their accusners were, and r
yards we all know full well tliat tie "killer
jeets, of the unwise" is daily called for in ot
e t- every neighborhood, our poor parish fu
Rani cannot escape the affliction, let us
lican not be too hard upon them, and not
reath assist in building this railroad on
been their aecount.
and The pros and cons are not to be ar
gued now; we know full well our H
pub- situation, and unless this road comes,
reb- we know that it is hopeless. WORK,
re at not WORDs, is what is required, and
En- we feel more than assured that our
e on leading citizens will give the enter- GI
klux prise all moral and material support
Is of that is in their power.
tri' Speaking of this railroad the New
AW, Orleans Bulletin of a late date says: ne'
and In this connection we may state qui
met, that a number o.prominent merchants for
oing and bankers of Marshall have written
ad- a letter to the President of the road, t
in which they offer their cordial aid
iist- in constructing the road, and pro- for'
and pose, if Marshall be selected as the a
terminus, to transfer to the company
a most. valuable charter granted by pot
our the State of Texas for a road from sie
the Marshall to the Louisiana line, with co.
ich most liberal franchises and privileges, hes
d including. grant of sixteen sections
of land to the mile. Ther ftorther bl
uU propose to appoint a committee to pl,
me visit New Orleans, if necessary, to 3
i a perfect arrangements, and state that, as
se in their opinion, "no road that has
been projected, west of the Miissi p. -
r,pi River, is likely to receive a great- ma.
e- er amount of travel and traffic than P
t. one from New Orleans to Marshall." or a
is We learn from the President that it
is the intention of the directosy to Moi
build the road from Alexandria to
nr Natehitoches, a distance of about Jams
e. sixty miles, for cash, which, at pres- Ki
ng ent prices of iron and labor, will not 3'On
exceed $10,000 per mile. Should it deat
d become necessary thereafter to issue here
to bonds, there will then be ample basis weo
ly upon which to predieste them. not
o Nw Orleans plast be Up and doing to te
in this matter, for the parishes are McC
subscribing liberally. Rapides and Ale
o Natchitoches, we are confident, will Alex
n subseribe not less than $1*50,000 each, of ti
- and DeSto has already offered to
.subscribe $300,000. The latter par
Sisoh does not owe a dollar, and her P
rg bonds are worth ninety-five cents on
h the dollar to any one fortunate enough
to own them. 0d
S We notice some oapplhat' of the sei
r late Newspaper lirectory of Geo. P. whiel
- Rowell & Co., New York. For.our- their
o selves, we have this to say, hatr we is al
Sgave them, not :an estimated, but an mis
Sactual circulation of 545, and In the when
-notice of tlik journal they accredit will c
Sus with nothing, while the book sys, the I
d the .hieroglyphis wanting, need not adva
Sprove us sufs, giin 'irst clas buel- Into t
Sness management. The hoos qfOGeo. ciltum
: P. Rowell 4. Co., is a first class agen- ing m
" eSy, no doubt, bat it entirejy mistakes cottoi
'our people and this paper. The corre
'". Natchisoches Republim,. of this place Igone
ehas at qlaborate notice, fxed up by eattou
themselves, but totally wrong. Six see o
Shundred is its esliusar circulatir, witha
Swlhe, we can prove bythe NewOr- nerat
Sleans Journals, that the crciaution of facts
b the New Oreians Republyian is, not, 'ore
iz bhundred, and it is the leading Th
rdleal jdournal in the StatS, which is poyle
itdelf not reid by the white people o6 eorn,
Ie eIret of six Asndred, ,outside of plant
politicians. lowell & Cot,never no- we co
rticed our existence for-sli montlhs, or om
and w.epeut postal eard after postal our fa
Scatd in Informinog them of it, and sbho
when it did appear in their Reporter, short
it tooh so nsati '5tA itL, . get yield t
jfr. the,.m pa ll lo el well rason
Co., are stflngers to our people, and less c
we have never hAd aaoej'o&f &klw more c
Infsi ret , SAM, b d tire desire to say fd :.
that,, 9lthough ,tiNpathii Ie. r e ereilt,
. ar m hu eitqoalaeioe of 000, theld
theread srswherswa'ggbW i dtlirtla that y(
ments ad'1x, ' t of the white when
r fiiatobI th parish wihao in In
;he ai p- ot in years
att has ha 7 bread.
and pay the ame pr6portlou of taxes-.
If.eo . !I & Ca, amlwdown onT| e
tas white, people, we e to know I receive
. .. was gr,
road, Anther Outrageous Murder in
iently Grant Parish,
ilroad (APT. C. C. NASH KILLED.
t they
:o fur- 'looother men, names unknown, brn
le, we fally mturdered-the JIooy
3, are, fanil the mrderers-Great
f the E.eeitement in Grant
g thatand ntiqhboring
F suc- parishes.
peo- We are'n receipt of late informa
in the tion which states that C. C. Nash, of I
il de- Coltax fane, lately acting as Sheriff
F the of Grant parish, since McCoy's re
moval, an1 two others, were most I
t de- foully mlndered between Colfat and
Lou- AlexandriL.
nion, We gie the letter of our corres
Ider. pondrent entire, and can only say that
wing somethiing must be done in this mat- i
we ter. The citizens of Grant can no i
how longer sulmit to these outrages, the
past, courts are powerless to protect them, b
to do and they should take the matter in a
nee, hand at once. d
F as ROB'T. I HARRISON'S PLANTATION, t a
I ar July 18th, 1875. S
angd JO. H. Osgrove, Esq., Natchitoches, La. i
Arni Deai Friend-I wrote to you by
ode- air. Ulspbell, giving the details of
Mr. Rochkv's murder by McCoy, and i
trust you hhve them by this time.
Dbirect uoa, Cn ie to t wn Xesterday
d of at dark, announcing ton .erda I
three citizens L...1 Colfax. I stated "
0 that after tax collector Rodisky was e
life murdered, McCoy was arrested and al
handenfed, tied on a horse and De- ai
not puty Steriff, Capt. C. C. Nash, start- I
t is ed on to the Alexandria jail. News F
reached ns yesterday evening late, of
sere the murder of Capt. Nash and two
Ste- other men accompanying, whose
lary names I did not learn, the person e
a bringing the news, forgetting them. ap
It is stated McCoy's friends overtook ",
and Nash asd his party between Alexan
the dria aid Colfax, murdering them and W
and releasing McCoy. Great excitement
Ile prevailsin Grant, and soon you may
hear of speedy justice being meted
r in out to same of those deserving faith
ish ful down there. ev
as I only hope that this last news may th
not not be so, but fear the worst, as it in
came prett3 reliable.
on Yours respectfully,
MILTON A. DUNN. ho
mnr Horrible Murder ! That did not
es, take place.
of
K, NASH NOT KILLED BY A LONG lay
mr SHOT. tai
"" -wil
GRANT PARSISH ALL QUIET-NOBODY
IhURT. me
r We are pained to announce (in a cal
s: newspaper sense) that all remains a
to quiet in Grant parish, and it really af- bui
ts fords happiness to our people to know Li
d, that C. C. Nash, Esq., was not killed.
id Grant parish is advised not to "go
o- for" those fellows, but to keep quiet mu
ie "until further orders," Our corre. ha
my pondent informs us that most intense citi
ch country near him, and a person might me
Shear a.pin "drap,n" but no one is so
r bloatedly rich as to be able to own a o
o We give entire, the letter of our all
S"speeaial" and beg for asome more to
"flu up" on, for this has saved us hol
Smany a line of "brain rack." g0
n P-p-trly dem (hic) Penn, quill (hic) pe
or steel. far.
SMONTGOMERY, GRArNT PARISH, LA., A
a July 20th, 1875.
t Jamw H. Cosgro.e, Natehiteehea, La. Th
S Kind Friend:-I am glad to inform Jani
t you that the news of Capt. Nash's polit
a death proves all a boax; so right Abo
9 here eads a tirat class aensation which
, would have been "gotten off' soon if na
not consected. What possessed *.* peop
Sto tell such a d-d lie, I don't know. as a
SMcCoy is in the middle cell of the
I Alexandia jail, and Nash was seen in W
I Alexaniria by Mr. C. J. Drown, Clerk does
,of the gounse.
Yours respectfully, unti
MILTON A. DUNN, d
P. 8. How is ishing woul
Oar people, like all other people, imme
find out when too late to remedy, that our p
something shoald have been done they
which was left undone to advance We
their Interest; for this, some excuse bidd
is allowable when these sins of eom- miles
mission are of first oceurrance; but, not g
when eontinbed, the practical Wiorld asIth
will only smile at the eoofesion. For the l
the last ten years~a avre ouar praetieal iVe
advanced farmendlabored to instill Gir
into tie mind of aite 8othere agri- once1
cuilturist, the grett necessity of plant. in as
nlug mere corn, gaes, &o., sad less say 0
cotton, and their teachbings held to be We
correct by actual demonstration, have
gone unheeded. On the eoatrary, ha
eotton ha.2 it saems erased the an
see of O as a mabss, ad do lb
without regard to the hope of remu.- d
neration, in the face of demonstrated
fsota and guares, they go on planting!
more and more every year. ofthei
This we contend will not do as a
paying thing to the farmer; more thI
corn, grain, grasses, &e., must be an "i
planted; we must produe more than them
we coumme of bread stuffs and meats, fo re
or oqreoautly will nefer prosper; ...
our farems pever grow rich. 'Why -B
aboull this everlasting coniplaint of 8
sbhort corn crops, with large cotton
yield that does not pay, go on The The
reason is obvious; you must plant no do.
less eotton, at least 25 per cent, and diction
more cereals. When you do, you will have n
8and :~urself less liable to reaquire phets.
redItIand when it occurs that you lesson.
Ihould, yet will mot certaily ln4 papers
that yeour mredit is mnh better tha Bnepubi
whben ou raised large cotton erops it own
had in the Spring had to ask for a ratsol
mar t~ni to pay for your moat nid From 
bread. . bad pr
---ince, 1
The rtii:albe of new eotte was thefi'
received idt New Orleias on tme 14th;]
was greown iu0t. Landry pariah. 11b1
3r in An Open Letter.
There was quite an excitement man
). ifested in our quiet city one lay this
Br week, over the reported death by vio
lent means, of our mutual friend J. J.
Hebert, Esq., Agent of this pape,
and engaged also in the sale of Sew
ing Machines. lie is quite a handsome
youth and well liked (of course he
should be, as agent of this paper,)
rma- by the ladies. We were naturally ex
Ii, of cited in the premises, for which we
seriff will explain.
Sre. The "Nicholson boys" are the lin
most gering remains of the "West gang" of
and Winn parish cut-throats, and seems
to fill the mind of the timid multitude {
Tres- with visions of blood.
that Ile heard that ilerbert was killed I
nat- by these same me , (to us "all in
no buckram") others heard not, andl
the "more so," that "did hear naught,'
em, believed nothing-or all. It is quite
r in amusing to see who believe and who
do not, all these "strange stories,"
, and upon what "slender thread does
S hang" even credence. It makes but I
little difference whether, true or not,
the person promulgating is the thing
and itself. Should any one, not fed "upon I
me. Caesar's meat" attempt-the most
dar "truthful occurrence to narrate," de
Ited "'""U [.... -.. --... "nnnP milht :
was envy," Midshipmen Essay's spring c
and up on all sides to-argue the point,"
De- and al
"In arguing too, they will own their skill,
s For even vanquishedl, tlgy would aru.gue
o still."
e Our friend Herbert may not be kill
son ed (and we hope 'tis so,) and "then -
+m. again" he may be, but, should "lie be"
ok "or not be," we claim that he T
an- "Who never doubted, never half believed o
Whhee doubt, there truth is-'tie her
sut shadldow." 8
a He could or should be on the "rag
- ged edge" or he might be "lovely as W
ever;" in either event, he may defy E.
'ay the world to "produce a better man oi
it in the same condition."
Until he returns we shall live in d
hopes that harm has not befallen him. Di
C. co
ot I
We learn that Colfax was the scene P;
of another bloody tragedy one day
G last week. It seems that Rodisky, the Di
tax collector, had had some difficulty
with one McCoy, Kellogg's sweet. P
e scented sheriff, of whose work we Pi
mentioned last week, and the two L
went into a drinkliog saloon and ami- till
cably settled their difference over a
drink. Rodisky started to leave the dlu
building, but upon teaching the door t
he was fired into by McCoy without Pri
one word of warning, and most foully pla
murdered. Rodisky, we understand,
e has given general satisfaction to the I
citizens of that distracted parish and fils
le his murder produced great excite- Pla
ment, McCoy, on the contrary, seems
ato be of the usual stripe of radical ]
Sofileials sent to rlae .Grant wish, v.
nA .,. h.... tbon responsible for of
all the crimes committed there. we
r What is to be done with this sink ti
Shole, Colfax is the enquiry of all C
good citizeans. Nothing can be ex- *
) pected from Kellogg, for so long as it
furnishes a home for his wandering pa
Arabs who desire to prey npon the sol
taxpayers, it will be kept up for them. liqu
The legislature, when it meets in
a January next, should "go for" these b
m political parishes without gloves.
SAbolish Grant and Red River, not toab
name other new parishes, and the TI
Speople residing in them will regard it no
as a blessing, the I
We understand that Mr. Wheelock ,
does not propose to come to our city M.J
ontil be has first visited Mansfield
and Shreveport. We had hoped be
would have decided to have visited tion
us now, as the road was to be builtl ever
immediately to our city and many of ques
our people are anxious to do what h
they can to forward the enterprise. ~
We have before us enquiries from r
bidders to fuornish eross-ties for fifteen ise
miles of the road whom we fear can- are
not get in these offers in good time. m
asthe Ist prox., is published as being a la
the last day proposals will be re- next
ceived, looks
Give Natehitoches a ecll and see at of th
onee what her eitisens will do, for too
in a short time we will all be able to
say to what extent we can suberibe. have
haWd
Welar that two otheryoog town buy o.
lads (Willie and Evarite Greneaix) and o
have fline grwing apg.. This i r- they
tally a i mase that the nos should
do the work when there is air uroag o
men doing not2ng. We would ask o
ourfriends to send us in the names ag
of lads who are making, by the sweat
oftheir brow, their own living, that trmly
we may "oat upon" the town filled by th
with town loafdrs who complain they fve bh
can "find nothing to do." Down upon dr
them, let the scorn of all our people h
feorce them to labor, make them Ad
-"Unknown to other fears, y
-By satire kept in awe, ot,
hall shrink from ridicule, though not our Ia
from law."
The New Orleans Pily.sse would The
no doubt like very meuh that its preo for le
dictions should come about, bkt we the an
have now a surfit of its clamss of pro- all go
pbets. .That journal had better take theme
lessons in "independents" from such depeni
papers as the N. Y. san d St, Loa is
RepubiUis and it will learn to mind
Its own businews and let the Demo- e O
-rats of Ohio run their own eampaigns. bine t
'rom what we have read, Gov. Allen forbo
had pretty well "ailed" It some weeks expeel
inee, but it does not seem to "dread rsilroi
he fire."
u tJor
Bubacribe to the Vindicator, the Vi
Proceedings of the June Term of
the District Court.
t man- -
ay this CIVIL DOCKET.
Orgene Laure,'tutrix, &c., vs Feli
id J. J. cite Perot-dismissed at Plaintiff's
papje cost.
f Sew- Bacon, Owen and Smith, for use of,
dsome &c., vs. J. F. Scarborough, garnishee
--dismissed at Plaintiffls cost.
e e P. M. Rachal, administrator, vs.
iaper,) Julia Flemeinaig-transferred to dead
Ily ex docket.
ich we E. J. Cockfield, vs. B. & B. Tourez
-transferred to deal (locket.
Ben. Wolfson, vs. Mrs. H. Breazeale
e lin. -judgment in favor of Plaintiff.
nag" of A. Deblieux, vs. P. W. Holmes
seems Judgment in favor of Plaintiff.
G. M. Baily and Pond, vs. F. Jar
t riet. Intervention of J. Flemming, et
al.-Judgment dismissing interven
killed tions at costs of intervenors.
all il McWilliams, Marion & Co., vs. Jo
seph Levy.-Judgment in favor of I
and Plaintiffs.
ight,' Demerett & Debreuil, vs. John C.
quite Trichel.-Dismissed at Plaintiffs' cost.
I who Heirs Mahala Sprowl, vs. C. Chap
," lin & Son, in liquidation, et al.-Dis. t
missed at Plaintiffs' cost.
does Caspari & Dietrich, vs. B. M. Lynch. '
a but Intervention of Thos. Glese, et al.- I
r not, Judgment dismissing interventions at
intervenore' cost.
thing S. M. Hyams, vs. V. A. Barron.- _
upon Dismissed at Plaintiff's cot.
most Block & Britton, vs. L Charleville. c
' de- -Judgment in favor of Plaintiffs. C
T. Lacoste, vs. R. E. Burke, sher c
night, :o *at al.-DiEmissed at Plaintiff's d
pring cost.
int," Wallace & Co., vs. A. J. Curry, et e
al.-Dismissed at Plaintiffs' cost. al
L. Bloom & Co., vs. Ed. Ezernack. d
kill, -Judgment in favor of Plaintiff.
F. L. Carroll, vs. Alex. Deblieu. e
kill -Judgment in favor of Plaintiff.
J. M. B. Tucker, vs. Joseph Levy. n
then -Judgmept in favor of Plaintiff. t
B be" C. L. Walmsley, administrator, vs. ti
T. C. Donovan.-Judgment in favor
of Plaintiff.
her C. L. Walmsley, administrator, vs. di
8. M. Crump.-Judgment in favor of T
Plaintiff.
Caspari & Dietriheb, vs. C. L. tn
y as Walmsley, ag't. and assignee, and U.
lefy E. Burke, sheriff-Dismised at plain. TI
man tiff's st. in
Rebecca Solmpayrac, vs. C. L. we
Walmlel, ag't. and assignee and in- I
ein dividually, and J. A. 8opayrac.
im. Dismin on exception at Plaintiff's th
cost.
C. L. Walmsley & Co., vs. Joshua
ene Prothro, et al.--Judgment in favor of be
d Plaintiffste.
Arcaline Rachal, vs. A. Mayear.-
the Dismissed at Plaintiff's cost.
alty J. A. Prndhomme, vs. Emanuel W
set. Prndhomme.-Judgment in favor of to
Plaintiff.
Amb. Lecomte, vs. Cors and Ursin el
two Lambre.-Judgment in favor of Plain.
ml- tiff. "
Br a J. A. Prudhomme, vs. P. E. Pru . th
the dhomme. Judgment in favor of Plain- in
tiff.
S Pass Christian College, vs. P. E.
out Prudhomme. Judgment in favor of all
lily plaintiff.
nd, Claire DeRossy, vs. M. Perot. Judg. del
meut in favor of Plaintiff.del
the F. Metoyer, et al. vs J. E. Dupre,
and fils, et at.-Judgment in favor of
ito- Plaintiff.
8W ta:te of La., ex rel. Jos. Esernack,
vcl _t . vs Wn. Payneo, et a. and State s
of La., ex mel. P. A. Simmons, et al. we
ala. v. J. F. Deovrrg, et .1. On motion tnt
forof Counsel for defenase, these eases
were transferred to Win parish for
tral; ithe order being granted on mo-. fro
ik tion for change of venue. bet
all C. L. Walmaley, ag't and assignee, sa
x. vs. Robert Johnson. Interlocautory
,it agment igned, appoiPting C. L i
ng Walmaley liquidator of the planting
Spartnership of Brkes & Johnson, dis.
;be solving partnership and aofthorizing t
m. liquidator to sell assets of said rm. one
S CRIMMINAL DOCKIT: pod
State vs. Louis Bernard chargsed with
* burglary; tried by the court; verdiet
. guilty; saeontenced to 5 years hard p
to labor in 8tate penitentiary. ar'
he The Jory being set aside for mse, ant
no crimmlanal eases with the above hen
exception were tied at this term of
the court.
Inormattons in erdinami eases,
were filed by the District Attorney, r
y 3M. J. Cunningham. men
SThe white labor of the river por
dtion of our parish, are beating, Ia
lI every respect, all other labor. The
Squestion of the hot mn ad ah stu ot
s h beeno completely exp!oded. A ohs
grt number of white, by the way, 4
from the hills of this and others par
,n ishes have moved upon the river ad Ti
.are more than pleased with the change, oar
Some have come as reer and other been
Ss laborers for part of the crop,ad Rot
Snext year more are coming. This teleg
looks like bosines, and is the dawn
Sof the day'of prsperity for Natebi
Stolbenih.
It abould be remembered that we l
have room. for thousande more of
hard workiong white mea; thbey aCit,
a buy or rent land or work on shares B r
Sand our people are more thn anios close
Sthey shbonld come. whi1
w e rshon the of Nacs r Iake
Horaes Pierno, a lid of onll 14 years Tnh
of age, who had everbefore tbis fable.
yearworked upon a farm and it is P
truly wonderful. We were asured Grapi
by those who know that he will make perso,
five bales of cetton and over a boun. "Nil
dred buabdels of corn. Just think of Col
it, youeng men about town. You askin
should be ashamed of youerselves. perad
And then they tell us the Southern The
youth, deliately resed, eannoet work lesby,
our Iands; ~ eaa if g u~ wUtd from
i~gt U..muiu make them. Wheel
There is too much hunting around agent
for elerkships in store, which seema
the aeme of our youths. Let them I
all go to farming and they will od the br
themselveas, not only happy, 4ut in- get all
dependent. yoe h
. Our river, if you am callit that, Hial
is oIn cat, "gone wheie the wood- captr
bine twineth? We shall not look killing
for boats at this wharf soon, but oa
expect, with all our might, the I ot
railroad.
i..wh.o si
Jowis theme to sub ribeto Co
the Vindicator. subser
'ermof Last Friday and the two (fla
preceding, were the hlottest t
experienced in this vi.irnity. -h
Feli thermometer rangedl fromt 9S to
Iintirff 1010 in the shade. T h eat wv
intense on Friday- night, the mer.
hsre uy inl the bulb did not sink e.
low 860 until 3 o'clock Satnurda
,r, vs. morning. Whew! how we A
fered.
Paul Cartel at the Plhenix, is a
!azeale friend to the thirsty during thee
ies- hot days. His cool iced drinks are
like nectar, and are appreciat
Jar- by the imbibers.
ing, et
erven- Our mails, thanks to some one,
. Jo- I reached us during the week more
or of regularly. We understand that
S permanent arrangements have
Scost: been made for the transportatir
Chap- of the mails between New Odas
-Di and the month of Red River tri.
,nch. weekly, thus giving as regain
al.- mails Eaat.
ins at
There is now a Druggist and Iar.
'on.- chants' war going on in our city, I
,villo. the question of selling Drug or Med.
. tines without a regular druggrt li.
sher cense. We understand that the A.
itiffs ditor has issued peremptory orde to
9, et collector Puckette that the imewurae
shall pay this 50 license fN they g
Hack. drugs or medicines. Mr. P
'e we understand, sides with te m ".
:. chants in this question, althomug he
ry, must obey his instruction. Wefi
to see what good will come in foring
vs. the collection of the license at this
ravor late day, when a good, sotlidajt
Sv. drug store, is what is wanting tst.
or of The druggist propose to enjoin the
merchants from selling drugs in fu.
I" tare without the necessary hieea
amo. The matter wifl. be referred to agi
in our neIt, sad in the meantime, we
L. would like the views of our leading
i- lawyers upon the esteom, as wel as
tjj the law in the ease.
haus We have received the first num
r of ber of the Proestarbt, a Journal pub.
lished in New York, in the interest
r.- of.the new K. N. Repufiia party.
.nel We are utterly and totally opped
of to religions intertfrenae with politial
matters. We are Roman CathoiH eoua r
n selves, and have failed to learn of the
"great danger" the Pnaast msm u
ru. the Pope wielding political iadsees
in- in America. We cousider the tl of
. the paper a misnomer and wish it ald
of all Radical sectarian sheets, of wht.
soever creed, that preach politi un
Ig- der the garb of religion, a speey
death and an unresurected grave.
of Fs n an CouaT.--The sas.
ck, idence of H. Saford, Esq., at Casep
e Saleubrity, was burned mone day 1.
al. week. We understand all the frdl.
Stoure in the building was lst. The
for fire was communicated to the hemen
f. from the burning woods, ad ao se
being there at the time, nell~lg we
00 saved.
We uanderstand from Mr. Jales Ie.
i so, of Coasatta, that she dlt se
ug that plae had sneeded in caped
. one ofthe murderers of Yonag, the
podler from Shreveport. Two eder
men, named Nicholsona, flom the up.
r per portion of Wian parish ma e -
eerned in the murder, and hopes am
sentertained of their speedy appms.
e henein.o
Now that we ar to have Mar.ri
for eertasin, we ope our lheg
menwIn aR tome fsorwsd dl i
vertise liberally. Nothing sdhm u
Speople moro than to me their liE
paper Alled with bosimacs eals. *
will maLe apelal rates with er sar.
Schant foresw advrsiesumt ,
Sbalrsne of th yer,
ad There has been more ireagers ib
Sour eit for o1d pas t rmoth tmha .
n been seen for a longa tlame bhsbre.
j Hotel men are happy. Rallraedas ed
s telegraphs make traveL.
" Lake Biteneam emiltmemet
seems Intense, with the New (k
leans Picayune. It seems that
Spartiee have tslegrphed to M
City, that Melvia, of the Levee
Boardl, is usinlg State tlbal to
s elose Mack's biyhlav d lat r, .
which will ede neavigatis a
aIse Biteneu. The Shrevepart
_ i.== P- **** thi wmlbs thing
*falee.
F Prom p-,-rivte & #
IGrapp's Blud we leamm, tth s b
Spersons have been muradel by thb
"Niheelson hboys."
SCol. Boubleux seuds down a lebr
asking for astane against the des.
peradoes.
The parteskilled todate are, 0O
Ileby, a laborer, Young, th pedlr
I from bhreveport, and Bnasb, a
Wheeler & Wilson aewing mad
I agent.
Do not forgt Baruett's store hw
the bridge on leaving town ; you ema
get all you want very cheap ad ths
youea have Bob Aaro to atten yee.
Hinaton, is the individual whoe ws
aptured of the party who did the
killing and robbing of the pedler near
Cousbhatta last week. The parties
who captured him, we undeatrand, are
in hot persmt of the two Nicholson's,
who are also implicated.
Come forward and renew your '
;subscriptions to the Vindicator.