FLORAL GUIDE
cor 187g.
I)U'BLISi EDWQUAR1TERLY. JANUA
ry Neumber just issued, antd contains
over 1'O0 Pages, 500 Engraving, descrip
tions of more than 500 of our best Flow
ers and Icge'tables, with directions for cul
ture. (Colored Plate, etc. The iostl use
fill and elegant work iof the kind in the
world. Only 25 cents for the year. Pub
lished in English and (;Grman.
Addresss, JAMES VI('K,
Jan. 16-ly. Rochester, N. Y.
T'lE ILLUST'RATEDI)
1O1JSIII LD MAGAINl ,
WITI[ WHICH IS INCORPORATED
100I1 lillO Ill Ili8l[ .
It is the intention of the conductors of
this Magazine to still flrtther lnake it a
imodel of literary and luecohrlical excel
lence, and. with this view, no advantage
will be neglected which either talent or
capital can connuand to render each is
sue an agrecable and ustructive comrpeu
dliuOm of
POPULAR READING.
Its pages will be devoted to popular
literature, science, art, education and so
cial development. Its characteristic ifea
ture is conmprehensiven ss The manu
scripts now on hand, and others espiecia:
ly engaged, embrace an unusually attrac
tive list of Descriptive Sketches of Trav
e, Serial Stories, Tales Poelms, Papers on
Science entd Art, Popular Essays. Narra
tives, Literary Criticiens, Fas1hions, etc.,
together with a variecy of alle and in
teresting articles upon the Import:lnt
qtuestiout s of the Day. A large propor
tion of the articles, especially those des
criptive of travel, will he
PROFUSELY ILLUSTRATEID.
The pictorial embellishments of thie
)Iagazine hereafter constituting one of
its imost attractive features.
Thel pu'rpose of the Plublisbers is to flr
nish ,a periodical which shall bei llstrue
tive in The Hoisaehfhl, The Library and
The Reading Room, giving an abundllance
of entertaining and popular literature
and information for both old and young,
carrying light, comfort and good nature
into every faunily, and making it accep
table for the whole Householed-thtlher
and mother, boys and girls, young menu
and young women.
The Illustrated Household Magazine
includes several Distinct Departments,
each under competent and eflicient man
agement, tiz:
1. Sketches-consisting of Descriptions
of Travel and Adventure, Serial Stories,
Tales and Narratives, lavishly aend ap
propriately illustrated.
2. Miscellany-made up of brilliant ex
tracts from new books, highly entertaiu
tug, sketches of notable persons and
things front the best Foreign Iublica
tions, Poems and Papers on Science and
Art.
3. Editorial Department-in which is
given brilliant essays upon a wide range
of subjects; social topics discussed and
current incidents and doings glanced at.
4. Fashion Department-containing a
resume of the Paris, London and New
York Fashions, illustrated with engra
vings of the latest styles.
5. Literary Noteu-devoted to reviews
and criticisms of new books and general
information.
6. Children's Department-furnishing
instruction and entertainment to the
Boys and Girls, and those older people
who have young hearts. It is embelish
ed with high class illustrations of
Natural History, Wonderful Scenery and
rare incidents.
7. Housekeeper's Department --conm
prising information and recipes, manmy of
which are original and published for the
first time, all collected fromn the most
authentic sources.
It will be the constant aim of the
Hmousehold Publishing Company to make
THE ILLUSTRATED HOUSEHOLD
MAGAZINE in the future, as Wood's
Household Magazine has been in the
past,
THE BEST DOLLAR MONTHLY PUB
LISHED,
sparing neither eflort, trouble nor ex
pense min securing the Best Writers as
contrilmutors, and the Best Artists to pro
a cduce illustrations to enrich its pages.
AGENTS WANTED.
We require a good, faithful Agent in
every town throughout the United States
and Canda, who will earnestly engage in
the business of procuring suenbscribers
not for a few days or a month only, bnut
permanently-with a firm determination
to cuinvass thoroughly and carefully the
entire field eelected, improving every op
portunity to realize all that can possibly
be made from the introduction of the
Magazine.
Our Prenmitm andI Clubbintg Lists
offer great inducements for working in
our behalf. Schools and Churches have
here an unusual opportunity to procure
Musical Instruments from the best man
ufacturers, with comparatively slight
exertions. Artisans, Professional Men
and Students may gratify their literary
iastes by ordlering from the Clubbing
List. Children may earn md own many
long desired articles by obtaining the
few subscribers required.
TERMS:
YEARLY SUBSCRIPTION $1.00.
Specimen Copies mailed, post-paid, to
any atkdress upon receipt of Ten Cents.
The postage within the United States
is Ten Cents a year, which must be for
warded with the subscription, as the
new Postal Law requiring the prepay
ment of all matgazines by publishers
themselves, instead of subscribers, com
pels us to collect the postage in advance.
Send for Circulars containing rates of
commission and inducemeuts to canvas
sers, and the Premium and Clubbing
Lists.
THE YOSEMITE VALL, Y.
We continue to offer this celebrated
Oil Chromo in connection with the I1
lnstrated Household Magazine, furnish
ing them to our subscribers upon the
following very generous terms:
With Mounted Chromo, $2.00. Un
mnounted Chromno, $1.50.
The Mounmted Chromo is delivered at
our office, or by canvassers, or boxed and
sent by express at subeMiber' expense.
or sent by mail upon receint of Twenty
Cents extra for postage. Tile Unmoun -
ed Chromo is sent free by mail.
All communieations must be addressed
HOUSEHOLD PUBLISHING CO.,
41 Park Row, New York.
TIHE
Pople's Vindicator,
FOR 1875.
We tale pleasulre in announeigl to the
.rumerous friends of thi VINDIICTOU,
that we have 1lrfectedl arrangenil nts tfu
the continuation of its publica:tion u1pon
it firm basis. 'liThe public are well aware
of the diflieli ics under which the Cou
servativ4e press o(t Louisiania labor; the
inamons pr'inting law 5assed by a parti
s:n Legislature, sole'ly to foster and up
hold, at the expense of the tax-payers,
journals entirely antagonistical to their
interest, and at war upon their lib rFti's,
and by forcing, uhnder the forims of law,
our citlzens to :advertise in these otficial
papers, to break down their power, the
Conservative and llDet l ocratic press; con
sequ1ently wo are compeilled to depend
for support upon the generous contribu
tionl ,fa people already pIovlrty-stricken.
but we fiel assulred that they w'll not
fail to sustain their main pov:er in the
war of virtue against vice-
The Fearless White Man's Press of
Louisiana.
Thi' future tone of this paper can ho
jidlged from its past. We will continue
to a:Ivocate to success, the rights of the
TAXED). that honesty and capability,
AILONE, shall constitute groundsl for po
iti prliica eferment, antd a eoutinued and
never lcnsilng war upon Kellogg anld his
corrup'1 t oIliciails-knowing then to Ihe ill
com1n11n with their Chitef, both usurpers
;idt thieves.
We can assure titlh public that we will
Ilot hesitate to attack the acts of any po
litical organiztioln, when wo believe
thtem to he antagonistic to public, good.
We are the servant of nIo liiciin or party,
;ndi inltend solely to protect and dietlnd
the rights acid liberties, in our honest
way, of the whohle people--believilng that
we have dolte sltiicierut servi'e in the
cause1 of the PEOPLE ill the past, we
c1,nfidently expect their sUlpport in the
future.
TERMS:
1 Copy I year...................... $3
1 " 6 mos ....................... $(
(Invariably in advance.)
We fluiish as a premium to each paid
iup 1subscriber, tir one year fiolll tle: lirst
,it' .JlllU ry. lilne STEEL ENGRAVING,
19x24 ilchels, of almollst any Historical
suhject.
JAS. II. COSG.ROVIE,
Editor.
I'ELLI & AREA'!X,
t'ulishers.
THE BEST PAPER. TRY IT.
IPOSTAGE FIREE.
Beautifully Illustrated.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN now in
its 30th year, enjoys the widest circul:t.
tion of any weekly n1ewspaper'of the kind
ill the world. A new volume colmmllelnces
Jalnuary 4, 1875.
Its contents embrace 111it latest and most
interesting information pertainling to the
Illndustrial, Mechlanical, anhd Scient·itic Pro
gress of the World; Dl)'scriptions, with
Heauntitill ,Engravilgs, of 'New Inlventions,
New Processes, and lmplroved Industries
of all kinds; Useful Notes, Reci p(s, 811
gestionll and Advice, by IPractical Writers.
for Workmen and Employers. iu all the
various arts.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN is the
cheapest and best illustrated weekly pa
ler published. Every number contains
front 10 to 15 original engravings of new
machllinery atid nIlovel inventions.
ENGiHAVI\GS, illustrating Improve.
ments, Discoveries, n11d 1mp)rtlanlt Works,
pertainingll to Civil anld Mechanica Engi
nIleering, Milling. Mining and Metallurrgv;
Records of the latest progress in the Ap
plications of Steamn, Ste:nm Engineering,
Railways. Ship Bnilding, Navigation.
Telegraphy, Telegraph Enginee1ri1g, Elec
tricity, Magnietism, Light and Hlcat.
FARMERS, Mechanics, Engineers,
Inventors, Manllfaeturers. Chemists, Lov
ers of Sciencee, Teachers, Clergymen, Law
yers, nud People of all ProfeCioIIns, will
tind the 8CIENTIFIC AMERIICAN useful to
them. It shonld have a place int every
Family, Library, Study, office, and Count
ing Room; in every Reading Room,
College, Academy or School.
Ayear's numlhe s contain 832 pages and
SEVELRAL IIUNDI)tED ExCRAVIXN.S Thou
sands of voltunes are pcmerrved for bind
ing and referelnce. The practical receipts
are well worth ten timlnes the subscription
price. Terms $320 a year'_by', mail, in
cluding postage. Discunt to Clubs Spe
cimens sent free. May be had of all News
Dealers.
PATENTS. In connectionwit
AMERICAN, Messrs. MtNN & Co. are
Solietors of American and Foreign Patents,
and have the largest estblishment in tilhe
world More than lifty thousand applic,
tions have been made for patents through
their agency.
Patents larie obtained on the best terms
Models of New inventions and sketches
examintled and advice free. A special
notice is made in the Scientific American
of all Inventions Patented through this
Agency, with the iname ind resident of
the Patentee. Patents are often sold in
part or whole, to persons attractedl to the
invention by such notice. Send for
Pamphlet, 110 pages, laws and full di
rections for obtaining Patents.
Address for the Paper, or concerning
Patents, Mux~s & Co., 37 Park Row
N. Y. Brach Office, cor. F and 7th 8ts.
Washinton, D C.
Jany 11875.--ly
EmEployIO103.e291-Men,
women and agents, we have just what
you need Our 91xl Mounnted Chromos
outsell anything in the market. Mr. Per
solns write: "I struck out yesterday, and
by working easy four hours, cleared $7."
A lady has just reported her profits for
the forenoon as $5; yesterday up to2
o'clock she cleared $7 50. We can prove
beyond question that one agent ordered
5, (00 of these chronmos in eleven work
ing days. We have the largest and finest
assortment in thile United States; hun
dreds of choice subjects fromn which to
select. We will send you anl assorted 100
of the best selling free of charge ou re
ceipts of $650. Send in your orders or
give us a call. Samples by mail 25c., or
12 for $1.
BOSTON FRAME AND CHROMO CO.
292 Washington St, Boston, Mass.
P. O. Box 2662.
It Get your printing done at
the VINDICATOR Job Office.
SUEK
VINE.A l'1Tiil:he :1)St n\\,lset'
fill Ilvi.(r:ilt th; t ver eutttailted
the sinkmig .yvteia.
No lerol ca tlaklte }h,,it' nit.
ters accordin- to directions. andll re
main long .iuwvell. provided their
bones are no 11 destroyed bh mlin craI
poison or tert'i mea1ls. ani vital u'r
gans waste(? icvond rtepair.
Bilious, Remittent, and In
teillittenit Fevers, which are so
1trev'alelnt ill the valleys of outr great
rivers throughout the United States,
esl)eciafly those of the Mississippi,
Ohio, Missouri, Illinois, Tennessee,
Cumberlatld, Arkansas, lRtedt, Colo
rado, Brazos, Rio Oratde, Pearl,
Alabatla, .Mobile, Savannah. o
mialitke. Jamies, ant(l m1tn others,.
with their vast tributaries, througlh
out ot0r entitre ctontrtv du(rin" the
Smnlr itand Allutt unn. ati1i 'emarka
bly so during seasons of u1lusualh
hiiat and d'llryness, are invariaItly ac
comlpintuihd by extensive derange
,Ients of the stomach and liver, 1and
other atdomllliil v istera'. In their
treatment. a iutrg.ative, exerting a
powerful infhlence upon these vari
ols tll'ols. is es.entiadly necess:ary.
'llTere is lnoi vathllrtic for the 'pturpose
equal to 1a. .. WV..IK s VIN.EGA\R
1'I'lr'XIS. as they will slpetdily remove
the dlark-colotred viscid nat'r with which
the htowels are loadehd. at the ei-ra time
stimulating the secretions ;tf the liver.
and gotUl'rilly restoring the heaili" I'unc
titll)s t' tihe digestive irgaills.
Fortify the body against di.
ease by lpuifying all its fluids with
1 INI:(;.\at ti'r"rr:es. No 1pi0deini e talt
take hold oft' sy.sttm t:!1s lure-arnt'wd.
Dyspepsia or indig.estion, HII,
ache, Pain in the Shoultders. Cought<.
Tightness of the Chest, Il l)ales. -(,:
lh'uictaritllns of the Stomtiachl. Iad 't'ae-t.
in the Molth. Biious, Attacks. Palid.ta
tion of the lehart, Inflanlunation of tlo
Lungst , Pain in the region of the Kiu.tily
:t'd l- ]'e.rltr.d Inth ..r pai nfu l ." pt l,:s.
are the ol ,f lii . t " l , p.o-ial. One ibot
FoI will prove a hetter gtur'antte of its
merits th a it lingth"y advertih'enlut.
Serohula, o,' Kiung'.s Evil, \Vhite
hwellitngs. ve ers. lre l'eqiiti.. Swel:'1d
N eck, tiitre. r lcr,'ulous Ilu3:lh tioius.
lnlalolent nflanunations. Miercrial. ' .it c
tionus, Old Sores, Eruptions of th', Skin.
MSore Eyes, etc. In these as in all other
constitutional Disea.v W ..t.s fW ALIC -
l.!to. rTrrS hiller showln their gri,-it l!O.
atiVe plowers in the lMlost ollstilate l and
intractable cases.
For InIaldnnatd ory acid Chron'ie
ellaitlatislllGoult, Bilious, Remit
tent and "Intermittout L'evers. Dih el-i
ot'the Blood, Liver, Kidneys tand Bladlder.
these Bitters have no equal. Such 1)i-.
eases are caused by Vitiated i rlood.
Mechanic:tl liseames.- Il'erson
engaged in faints and Minerals. wi uch ts
tPlumbers, Type-setters. old-beaters and
Mineros, as rhey aodval* .t ie littie are oub
ject to oarah'.is of the t owels. To gae T.
against thise takhe te of W.B.lioso
h eneiveA o liTTEndits iampuri tunalii.
For Skin Disiases, Eruptions,
Tetter, Salt-RKheum. l.lotchds. Spot.,. P'hm
plels, Pustuiles. lBoils, Carhuntldels. Kingf
worms; Scal-head. Sore Etes. Erysinio
la.s. Itch, 8eurfs, Di.colorations of th,:
Skin, tumors and liugges of the Skin cli'
whatever name or nature, are literally
dug up and carried out of the stitem in o
short time by the use of these Hlitters.
Pin, Tape, an. d other Worms,
lurking iof tW syitem of son many thou
sands, are e'aiotully destroyed and re
moved. No system ,o" medieine, no vet.
mifuges, no anthehfinitics will free the
sastem from worms like thed mitters.
tFalso aleornmplaints, in aounl
or old. earried of sinche, t tar e dawn x tr
womanhood, orthe turn of life. these Ton.
re Bitters display so decided an influence
that impsw ment is soon perceptible.
Cleanse the n eitiated Blood
whenever you vind its imphrities bursting
through the skin in Pimples, aruptions,
or Sores; cleanse at when you findit ob
structed and sluggish in the reins; clem.se
it whenfor is foul; your feelings will tell
you when. Keep the blood pure, and the
health of the system will kllow.
r. H. d ise DONALD & CO.,
Daggsts & Gen APgts.. San Fransisca Talifor
rl viorngof Wohington and Chnrlton S os.f.Y
Nold apy all Drugg~ists lnd Dealers
Dr1. J. Walker's California
Vinegar Bitters are a purely Veg
etable preparation, made chiefly from
the native herbs lund Oan the lower
ranges of the Sierra Nevada meoun
tains of California, the medicinal
properties of which are extracted
therefrom wicomat the use of Alcohol.
The question is almost daily asked,
"tWhat is the cause of the unpar
alleled success of VINEG AR ]IlT
uTrif?" Our answer is, thati they
remove the cause of disease, and
the patient recovers his health. They
are the great blood purifier and a
life-giving priniple, a perfect reno
vatoir and Invigorator of the systrm.
Never before in the history of the world
has a medicine been lompobnded pos
sessing the remarkable qualities of VIs.
EoGAR BIT'rsas ins healing the sick of
every disease man is heir to. T.ey are
a entle Purative g well as a Tonic.
rel'eving Congestion or Inflammation of
Sthe Liver aud Visceral Orgaus, in Bifious
D seases.
The proierties of Dn. Wartx
ER'S VINEGoAR HIoans are Aperient, Dia
phoretic. Carminative, Nutritions. Laxa
tive, Diuretic.S8edative, Courtter- Irritant,
budorific, A lterative, and Anti-Bilionse
"W'S31teL'l--- We will give
energetic men an women
Business that will Pay
from $1 to $8 per day, can be procured
in your own neighterhood, and is strict,
ly honorshle. Partienlar.,free, or samphes
wo'rth several dollars that will enable
you togo to work at once, will be sent
no receipt of fifty cents. '
Address J. LATHAM & CO..
29'2 WYashingtuSt., ostona ss.
JOB OFFICE.
ALL KINDS OF
JOB PRINTING
EXECUTED WITII
Neatness and Dispatch.
POSTERS,
HIAND BILLS,
C1RCULARS,
WEDDING and BALL TICKETS,
CA RD S
-AND
BLANKS
OfEvery Description
Printed at Reasomable lates.
CT Persons desirous of having Jon
PaINTING done neatly, expeditiously and
cheap are invited to call at the oficeof
the 'V*msOnworn."'
The DAN UWAY News.
FOR 1874.
Containing every week FORTY COL
UMNS of choice reading mat
ter, printed o e'lear, h;uand
oiute type, and line
white paper
T IE NEWS is edited by'tthe Danbn
ry News MaK ; is contributesd to by
George Alfred Townsend, the chief of
Newspapler Corresponden.ts, and ether
excellent writers, who will furnish fresh
correspondence from the Iatding cities,
3and contrilute( to the editorial columns.
The NEWV has its own 8eictitilie,
Fashion, Chess and Puzzle editors': pub
lishes the best original snatter. the hest
miscellany, and the freshest and best
mIiscellany, atil the freshest and best
stories. In all its departments it is
edited with scrupumlots care, and, is, in
consetlunceie one of the best Family
Journals published. Sample Copies free
-send for one.
TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION :
One Year ..........................$2.00
Special rates 6 Postmasters and clubs.
BAILEY & DONOVAN,
Danbury, Conu.
Ayer's
Sarsaparilla
Is widely known
as one of the most
effectual reme
dies ever discov
ered for cleans
ing the system
and puriftving the
blood. It has
stood the test of
years, with a con
stantly growing
reputation, based on its intrinsic virtues,
and sustained by its remuarkable cures.
So mill as to be satfe and benetii-ial to
children, and yet so searching as to
e!i etually purge cc:t the tgreat conrrup
tions of the blood, such "as the scrufi
ulous and syphilitic contan:iuati;n.
Impurities or diseases that have lurked I
in the system for years soon vield to
this powerfil antiiote, and disappesar.
Hence its wondertul cure.", manv of
which are publicly known, ofScroiula,
and all serofihloos diseases. Ullcer.s
Eruptions. and eruptive disorders of
the skin, Tuunors, Blokthes, BoiLs,
Pimples, Pustules, Sores. St.
Anthony's Fire, Rose or Ery
sipelas, Tletter. Salt Rheum,
Scald Head, Ringworm, and in
ternal Ulcerations of the Utersu
Stomach, and Liver. It also cures
other complaints, to which it wonuld not
seem especially adapted, such as Drop
sy, Dyspepsia, Fits, Neuralgia,
Hieart Disease, Female Weak
ness, Debility, and Leueorrlmea,
when they are manifestations of the
scrofulous poisons.
It is an excellent restorer of health
and strength in the Spring. By renew
ing the appetite and vigor of the diges
tive organs, it dissipatcs the depression
and listless languor of the season.
Even where no dlisorder appears. people
feel better, and live longer, for cleansing
the blood. The system moves on with
renewed vigor and a new lease of life.
PREPARED BY
Dr. i. C. AYER & CO., Lowell, Mass.,,
Frmesse u ne d Auevsu. CAemse.s.
-_ILD lt ArLLRUOGISS XLVYZtYWUIIR.
Ayer's Agune Oure,
Feo Fever and Agne ulatenittsnt a.
veo, Ohill Fever, hlemittent iever,
Dumb ae Peiodical or Bilious Fe
v er, a..,.a s tdeed al the sibetlons
wheh amise raomn m nlarionusmn mh,o
misamnat aOas.
No one remedy is loueder
called for by the necessities
of the American people than
a sure and safe cure for
aever and Ague. Such
we are now enabled to offer,
with a perfect certainty that
it will eradicate the disease, and with mse
ance, founded on proof, that no harm can
arise from its use in any quantity.
That whichl protects from or prevents this
disorder must be of ihnmense service in the
commlnlnities where it prevails. PFrventioa
is better than cure; for theim patient escapes the
risk which he must run in violent attacks of
this balefiul distemper. This "CURE" expels
the miasmatic poison of Fever mand AgeO
from the system, and prevents the develop
ment of the disease, if taken on the irst
appro.'k f !ts pren onitory symptoms. A
great sucperiority of this remedy over any
othLer ever discovered fqr the speedy and cer
tain cure of luterinittents is, that It contains
no Quinine or mineral; consequently it pro
duces no quinism or other injurious effoects
whatever upon the constitution. Those cured
by it are left as healthy as if they had never
had the disease.
Fevrer and Agne is not alone the eon.
sequence of thIe miasmatic poison. A great
variety of disorders arise from its irritation,
among which are emrmltiri, Rhema.
tiam, 6omt, Headaee, hltmimese,
Teeshacme, Earache, CatrmPh Ash.
mm, Palptlsatoue, Palnful Aeectlon
of She Spleen. Hlysterlce, Palm in she
weeyel. Cellc, Pmralyls, allnd deranlge.
menat of the Stomach, all of which, when
originating in this cause, put on the inter.
mittent ty-pe, or Ibeome periodical. Thids
' "Cctn exlpels the poison ftom the blood,
and eonsequently cures themU all alike. It is
an invamlable pIrotection to immigrants and
persons travelling or tenimporarily residing in
the malarious districts. if taken occasion.
ally or daily while exposed to the infectlon,
that will be excreted from the system, and
cannot accumulate in nsufrient quantity to
ripen into disease. Hlence it is even mlore
valuable for protection than enre; and few
will ever suffer from Intennittents if they
avail themselves of the protection this remn.
edy affords.
For Liver Complaints, arising from torlpd.
Ity of the Liver, it is anm excellent remedy,
stimulating the Liver into healthy activity,
and producing many trunly remarkable cures,
where other medicines fail.
PREPARED BtY
Dr. 8. C. ATER & CO., Lowell, Iass.,
Praetical a.,d AaltttdeelrF eer ts.
ATND 80LD ALL ROUND TlR WPORln jI
THE CINCINN AT; E Ui
It is file People':s paler, devut , .
their inter sit: aniL wit!::,ie.
It is an ilmpartia l It'-ie d t )1;' m^ra;,
lleasules that beniteli lle h i -:.'
It is the iiemi of iv l (i l ta , I;
ures that seek o'nly  per-,t:  ";: :t :.
ci:d lmlrlpose tof s'..il th f -,
iver snIi  ! of tl. Ci :ilt, la5 :,.s t .h
in la iu i, t eal4'i i ,t4 i , t , ..': :( 1, ..
lde'standini , ;and lnatcl"* l lie:i to! itn ."+
ers the Ioitives,, te;ls:s ald e(ti T5 r
general andti special leh1g!:aSl ie . rt
ItS1 newsS ou111111ns (coll:ita I . I
news an0 d i:ntllig Ie l t .; ,,ie 1I . ul, " i;
edl fromt the tiour iat,"rs of tihe , 1,
1y Il.ieas of Ithe iht graghi , Ina'is aL,
Correspond lidce.
It{ agricultural columns are the ,y.
adapted to thi. wants of Ifa 1niners, all
whom are' invited, to give their te.
crtc' 1!lld r.esuilts of nI4W i:deas ns., a
periments of all kinds of i':: i,. n i(.nt
tnl tulanted to advance th, lati ing it
teresl s.
One assno of the Eti;:irer e: t:}.
more solid inflIormion: l andl int^lli"erqa
than cai he :lad toln fifty of.)" ',t o ct c
vd hliterary papers. Ntoe' ,';ei 1;y tsir
the Etiluir Te wiithIt ild'iiitt .!g a v u.
ahsle addition ti his or her istuck fnolj.
edge.
Its market reports hav' for year, be,4.
nei'k olt ii iged as lk ti1l ' c o'',hilt t aw.d
reliable piuii.14'4. tand of grat va:;, to
Stock 1)e:0e-s, Pr,,'ocirs aI d Tr:t'.
me1n generally.
It uas hdepl: tr'ints and rea4ling l1)r:s
old and the v.unn. For the. fmily iz.
le a14d thie counting house Fo;r tin IMr
chant and mtlechanie-For tl!e ftur al
sto,,k dealer, anl for ladie' ni:a gentle,.
men of evlry calling and station in life.
Its terms are low as : fivhrst class p.a
per can he printed ;for. a'l the uitality
and ,tuanitit of reading, ititte!r uisd F ;?;~
Try it for this year. 1 Ch:loam fur
every "?.0I0 SI seri ,.vr. Send your sub.
scrilption direct to the oflice.
SR. . RP.
RADWAY'S RYADY RELS
CURES THE WCB S 7 PAINS
In from One to Twenty Minutes.
NOT OHE H4'UR
tFrMai gta t.iaor4n.sAr. .A aa io1ei
ll'PY".,' ("im P?.'...L
RADWATII t .':' 1 iii:.Iy' Li A OURL I P
S';sY r":,X.
The Only P&ain I'om.uiy
that tnstan4iys top. thPrr tieI.t ig 4lt , t p1
Initammaionnu. awd eue~s º t, t tn4. wIT' - ".,
Lungsa, Stomich. iowei, s taIor a iaua orr3,
SiOGp plicatio-n.
IN FROM OMr TO ToVE'rT `T11W'?!,
to maIter bow violent or rs44I4nt *),e fix mt
Ieuralgie, or preoraie with u .*.... w Ay suar,
RADWAY'S READY ZL.2?
OK ;4o (.., g ill? LKlfgg
3IO1 THROAT, IIFalthi'.Tr 3Inl.'Y,:."p.
PALPI'tiVI )'t "fr fYItf MllAi
--STERIC , CROUP, l'lFTitA
HEADACRN, TOOtWAehh.A '
iA -:aV;I A LOI , Bdc3"m K.-e I
COLD CII4., AGA;I U:;.L$s.
Theappllaisttea(he s F*d blit~t'o(itatW
party wuerel Il 'tlr d y  ,i e ,ailab Iras
and Comfort.
Twenty dreptrabaltat r of water .' iltas
DYSItNTERY, tIOLIC WI. 10 15V(' 5I0
-Tall)! TEirNAL PAaiNS.
Travelers shoalt always~ wrra bebe W la
Wa-y' Ready teller wkbuw.. A lew ~.'sro
FEVER AND AGUe.
FPRVRANDAGUIReartter fty oe m.TtIIIs
Uetaremedlaieslis rworel asI wll ure Fevm
and A ue. nd al othe YMlerwu, letes,
hoid. Telllow, at otLhr ,Irrer
AY'S PILIl I reqdisu sIADWAI
LIEP. FPl*mbeperbw.Sa
HEALTHI BEAUTYI!
1ROIIIO AND ?UtUI RICE rJAD!-Nl&Li
OFFLES AND WRIGBHT--C3At riKI J '
BI3uIrULOOMPLMIIO1 B0 IOI I
DR. RADWAY'S
SangarilliaI letolvt
THE CREAT BLOOD PURIFIEi.
50DYUNI)1R0OUMDKi ?3J1JNFLUiI
aII teiIit hSe. ailF
aO l igilt IllnCc ali
vwyry es ofa A e AUPAbILUI& IIr
ViNT commulcateste Iroihrethe ilkoo. 8weat, ,,
Itlhererlai i WadJi tUe of thvm tbej
If.forltrepaireth.werw et the bd wilkh
mend aterlaL. heroulai. I~l~bll. CossagIi
Ola.dler diases. Ulcerei s Ure&t. osll t
ImtS wors es of ISkta din e trs, rtpt3hon,, WY
Anee.ialiJ Ri Worllsitt Fls Trls. (1,5
,,,ep IptLBawa sm Iiteprm anudl Iil
iwoldIaoallerlat iehelIUstry.az narw dpy".'
oalleits ower siilybee drd1"hhi
amode gempoteon wals cnrdiul5 pr,
with memraeritalmade from obraJ, Oh -modI
theSARIAPAIRILlAN wlllelll d srunl e
Ieariale; Sir uheaene itis remvad
wrkofplrtloepol. and secras in dltalr _ "
tUbeaufe4 ,tlnt batwr,alpek -npro¶, a,
alikwaremedalaegIstthe er eefCh.i o
taloe, o Cons4tinonsk set 8t ; 1n dise ,
Xdabsey v Bladder Comprelai
rliyI Wmb dIitsesu0e, hrabsrt
nSlppaeof Wite, lnellensorUrine.  d
¶eelbaminiurit, ad In all ms's where ul
brlck4'al depcela, of a t wara is tblk, elm l5,
wiLh nceaeliketlbe whbteof s r(.a'te
whitesit ortheirels rbld. arkbilious
-'e_. and lite b nee -d st dep ,1tts. atnd wr her i
I tnlck. burelrarlnemntLo w pwshng mr,
peamSrl of lbeI Ed ibolh l
Cures ~ s Bdarw ' R RsoIal
D.R. RADWAY'S
pefrbetty tasteless, legatlv austted wah i~sEw
irgI. relulate , C ilfV p,,tC.4il1 n , , rIr "ei _.
wIx'e PaUIsf  .1.eure eo(,,ldeir'·rr "'lLe :
Liver., Bwi , i Jidneys. iliader r. J("r illi'u u
ael.Mi, giliousbsss, HlUim F.ver. i nl'auutlt flt
Iwela, FIles, and 811 IrancesrM',, of theI In;iV
Viseara. W..rran:et to eav p~;,tl er . P' r ,
Tegetble, aonillan I 0meury, a D ruI L E .,,,or
t¶dlb sasOF "ADTWAY'Q pT'.tY q rl e tlesW
tmiamt allthe alve ra'o t r .ul ,rs. Fr .r e.,2
erhiox, ItlD jq DJeL'.;x;xI-Th
READpt VRADW A.T  t.'rU " o . aren. ens(. "
I sek-IafraaUeullwh throlmea will i4'S .