In the Hand of Science all things
become valuable by adaptment, and
salutary by their application. Thus,
Da. J. WALKER has obtained from
certain vegetable products of Califor -
°is, that have been trampled upon c
for centuries by the ignorant, the in
valuanble curative known as the Cal
ifornia Vinegar Bitters, a medicine
which is exciting the wonder of the
community by its beneficial opera
tion in the worst cases of Rheumatism
pulmonary Disease, General Debility,
Congestion of the Liver, Constipation,
Scrofula, and Malarious Fevers.
The last letter ever written by Gen
eral "Stonewall" Jackson is in the
possession,of the Southern Historical
Society. It was addressed to Gen-
eral Lee under date of May 2, 1863, i
and reads as follows: "General: The
enemy has made a stand at Chancel
lor's,which is about two miles from i
Chaucellereville. I hope as soon as
practicable to attack. I trust that an I
everkind Providence will bless us
with success."
It is asserted as a fact that every
canvasser who has turned his atten
tion to the introduction of the New
Family Sewing Machine in his local
Ity, or who has been fprtunate enough
to seture an agency, has outstripped
the bestl efforts in making money of
the old and tried Agents of the high- I
priced machines, which latter they
sow replace. The demand is enor
nous, and sales so rapid and money
made so readily with so little effort
that Farmers, Tradesmen, Specula
tors, &c., are flocking into the busi
mess as fast as they. can secure terri
tory and get their goods on the
ground to supply anxious customers.
It is marvelous how these machines
sell when exhibited, it being a recog
nized fact that the people will buy
the best at the lowest price. It cer
tsialy is the Machine of the 'times
and does the same work, as oether
Machines at $80.00 or $90.00, and we
really believe it woueald sell just as read
ily atdouble and then not cost half the
usual price of so good an article, for
it is astonishing to see the vast
amount if labor it performs at so low
:a cost. The inventors are daily in
undated with testimonials of the
worth of their new Machines which
to suddenly and successfully bounded
into popularfavor. It proves to be
just what is wanted every day,' by
every one, everywhere, who have a
faily, It has attained an enviable
reputation in many thousands of
homes and factories, for its solid
strength, power, rapidity, simplicity,
certainty, and ease of operation, with
eatreme beauty, fineness and reliabil
ity of its sewing; while the wonder
ful low price (twenty Dollars for a
Large and complete Sewing Machine
with a strong table and treadle),
places all idea of competition entire
ly out of the question. It stands alone
- en its merits and price. We advise
you to invest in one at once for your
Wife. Daughter, Motifer, Sister or
Lady Friend and make a home hap
py, or put them in your factory, or
'what is better if you are lucky enough,
-secure an agency if there is none in
your town, and make money your
self. The many New Attachments
ifor doing extra line skilful and dif
dealt work, are a surpride in their
ansiplicity of construction and far be
low even "grange prices," and will
be deliverted safe at your door, no
,matter how femote you may reside,
if youa write for them. Address, J.
'THOMSON, HANxA & Co., 907 Broad
way, N. Y.
liaulcial, Commirelal and liver rtws.
COTTON srATEMINtT.
" hand lamet report ........4385 bales
ecoeived during week........ 24 "
Total receipts. ...4409 "
MARKET QUOTATIONS.
(It soula'be :remembered oer qnota
tious are forround lete, at retail, hngher
prdees wllhave to be paid.)
srrted sWeekly by Carver A Tapter.
Cotton............... ............'.... I .
. ry.................- .- .....IS)* -
Re gree :..-..................' ....... so
BAoi..I-The market is h.elmtied eaplv
Clear dside are ufoted at Iuet skoddern - 13 0
RllrCah bfIeo pt i1e.
Sun.--Ir i Read_.n pply with flra demand.
"We uete E a 6 5;yw XE 00G71i and
d'XX atS 1 l hoehoo IXXIX O choice
Pomir-xoneela the market.
eg  s.a l.- air sap3y, demaudIfair. Remp
sld jact , 0; per y oInda n market.
L&$I.--I ItI tsl y th good demand. Is
tirtes in kegs 10
'I s tighi t suppiyand demand llit
CSaY5a  are quoted 9 too.
. good ppl Liv terpoonosam sells
at 1 2bern~ , k. 1ne hfi_r.
as oGaAu.- -one but rye in market which
IS gused atl°7 per buso.
las1 TIue-The market is in good supply.
ihearrebs held at 10 sand the buttes a 10o.
!ie±sN.-semaree. ChliseLooldass Is be
ing ldatt-~ ; prime at 90s. per galln. By the
emLon4-a.sgpod supply and Is held at
0p1 good Good medium Is
. at 1e. a ne bright at 9oe.*P 95 per
~-C s.-I aeply 717. .1Imited sad demand
Prime at - and choble st -
o Carolina in market. Loslana Is
hat as demand.
, !u-u-- halMlme is quoted at v-el.
l5 Wdrided r 1*; erahedand pewderea a
!.-Whlhte ad sed ste beld st 150
s isearteeeam eommaede Soper gal,
i ' edsappl weth or demsnedad
Nld11875:alt e bk sdbuak shot at 43.
4 s pplyb limited and is held
M, MR* ..4.
:Arfl a sMITa,
S! T E A M
S8AW MIL4
' ileaoatkth th city Qf Natohitoches
. PRICE:
ad4; pet M .......85.00 to $10.00
a s.aw pt )L.,.........14.00
TAkE pleastp it lnforming the
that wears psaedtotake
$s bunl cobins,. furnishinge
, l ·1Iiiiber,,' m iqariw and isbo c a
BOX COTTAG
Id_ u t,14z-196* eomplete, shin.
re49.0 with gl
Om mpM#up 100.
a otheu' wiU M1 lUat to their
tr~o ves- ecl.
alt *i.olts with Louis
W4u1Pr A WgrH.
NEW ADVEI TISEMENTS.
$50 REWARD.
WTAS STOLEN from the undersigned
on the night of the 26th nit., a Bay
Mare Mule, live years old, no brands re
collected, has the marks of an old fistula
on the s!,oulder. I will give fifty dol
lars for the mule and thief, or twenty-five
dollars for the recovery of the mule alone.
WM. M. LEVY.
April 10-tf.
LAND! LAND! LAND!
A Rare Opportunity Offered to
Farmers of Limited Means.
I AM OFFERING to sell the following
described parcels of land on the liberal
terms set forth Iwlow:
One tract of 378 acres, situated twelve
miles south east of the city of Natchito
ches, and about one niilh west of Old
River. Two hundred acres under fence,
one hundred and fifty acres open and
about one hundred in cultivation this
year. The other improvements consist
of fonr or live log cabins, gin and press ;
small orchard, with a spring of fine
water. Good steam saw mill within four
mile of the place. I will sell this place
at ten dollars per acre, one sixth cash,
the balance in 1, 2 3, 4, and five years,
without interest. Four-tifths of this
place is fine fresh allnvial river soil, and
will yield 40 to 50 bushels of corn or a
bale of cotton to the acre .
Adjoining the above, I have 583 acres
of the same character of unimproved
land, which I will sell at $5 per acre, in
equal annual installments, without in
terest.
I also have 320 acres situated between
Red River and Bayou Pierre, about six
miles from the city of Natchitoches, all
fine river bottom land, what is termed
"Buckshot" land, two hundred acres open,
gin, cabins and fences almost entirely
destroyed. I will sell this place for $5
per acre, C.sb, or 88 per acre, one-fifth
cash, the balance in five equal annual in
stallments, without interest.
I have still another tract of 132 acres
ofgood level hill land, situated one mile
from the above described place, and im
mediately on the Grand Ecore and Texas
road, five miles from the city of Natchi
toches, land well timbered with pine,
oak and hickory. Improvement consist
of double log dwelling house, log kitchen,
smnake-house, small orchard of figs, plums
and peaches, 12 to 15 acres of open land,
all the buildings a little out of repair,
though occupied this year. Onthis place
is an inexhaustible well of the finest
water in the parish. I will sell this place
for $600.00, one third cash, the balance
in ond and two years, without interest.
To purchasers wishing to make larger
cash payments, I will make liberal de
duction from the above prices.
There is no excuse for any man being
without a home of his own; my terms
are so liberal that the annual payments
only amount to a small rental.
N. H. CARVER,
April 1O-ly. Natchitochoes, La.
TRAMMIELL'S
SAW MILL.
(Five Miles from Natchitoches.)
*50.000 Feet of Lumber for Sale.
TERMS:
From 5 to 10 Dollars, (according to
quality) per M. at the Mill.
Delivered in Natchitoches, at $14
per M.
Match 27.-1y.
NO COMPROMIISEI
L. :ab1 .cb Cho.,
FRO4 T RREET,
ARE OFFERING THEIR LARGE AND
Select stock of
DRY GOODS,
GROCERIES,
HARDWARE,
BOOTS,
SHOES,
HATS,
CAPS,
&c., &a.
At New York Cash Prices
Come early and secure bargains.
Remember the house, I KAHN & CO.,
and that all GOODS age at COST Price.
March 13-6m,
TIE FAVORITE OiE REIlDY.
Is eminently a Family Medicine; and by
being kept ready for immediate reuort
will save map an hour of suffering and
many a dollar ias tie and doctors' bills.
After ever Festy Years' trial it is still
receiving the most unqualified testimo
nials to its virtues from persons of the
highest ebaracter and responsibilily.
Eminent physician sommend it as the
most
EFFECTUAL SPECIFIC
For all diseases of the Liver, Stomach
and $pleem.
The 8iomptom ef Liver Complaint are
a bitter or bad taste in the mouth;
Pain in the Back, Sides or Joints, often
mistaken for Rheumatism; Sour Stom,
ach; Lose of Appetite; Bowls alternate
ly costive and las ; Headache; Loss of
memory, with * painful sensation of havy
ing failed to do something which ought
to have been done; Debility, Low
Spirits, a thick yellow appearance of the
Skin and Eyes, a dty Cough often mist
taken for Consumption.
Sometimes many of these symptoms
attend the disense, at others very few;
but theJLiver, the largest organ in the
body, is generally the seat of the disease,
and if not Regulaed in time, great saf-.
fering, wretchednees and Death will en
For Dyspepsa, Constipation, Jaundice,
Bilious attacks, Sick Headache, Colic,
Depression of Spirits, Sour Stomach,
Hart Burn, &c., &o.
The Cheapest, Parest and Best Fami
1y Medicine in the World i
Mannfatured only by'
J. R. ZEILIN & CO.,
Macon, Ga., and Philadelphia.
Price, $1.00. Sold by all Druggits.
Mauh 17, 1815.-.Iy.
CI'Y HOTEL!
corn Cr mond GmA&u, esreets,
.N1W ORLEEANSILL
3UJNMI id WVATI S, lNprieone,
loeo,.-tt
FITS CURED FREE!!
Any person snfferi:ig from the ahov-e
disease is reqnested to address br. Price,
and a trial bottle of medicine will be
forwarded by Express,
FREE!
The only cost being the Express cha.r
are small.
Dr. Price has made the treatment of
FITS OR EPILEPSY
a study for years, and he will warrant a
cure Iy the use of his remedy.
Do not taiil to Rend to him, for a trial
bottle; it costs nothing. nid he
WILL CURE YOU,
no matter of how long standing your
ease mally be, or how nnnllly other ree
dies ialy have faiied.
Circulars and testimonials sent with
FREE TRIAL BOTTLE.
Be particular to give your Express, as
well as your Post Ot1ic direction, and
Address,
Dr. Chas. T. Price,
67 William Street, New York.
March 6.-ly.
PEOPLE'S L NE.
RE G ULA Alexandria and
Grand Ecore Low Water PACKET.
For Grand Ecore, Montgomery, Month of Cane
River, Alexandria, Norman's, Barhin's,
and all way landings on Red
River.
The Al extreme light
draught passenger steamer,
BRADISH JOHNSON!
JOHN HIIEINN, Master.
WM.'CULBERTSON, Clerk.
ITILL leave New Orleans every Thurs
Y day, and arrive at Grand Ecore eve
ry Sunday.
For freight or passage apply on board
Oct. /7.".f.
CONSUMPTION CURED.
To the Editor of The Ieople's rinditntor :
E'TEEMEI, FRIEND:
Will you please inform your readers
I have a positive
CURE FOR CONSUMPION
and all disorders of the Throat and
Lungs, and that, Iby its use in my prac
tice, I have cured hundreds of cases, and
Sill give
$1,000 00
for a case it will not benefit. Indeed, sn.
strong is my faith, I will send SA ML.E,
FREE, to any sufferer addressing me.
Please show this letter to any one you
may. know who is suffering from these
diseases, and oblige,
Faithfully Yours,
Dr. T. F. BURT,
69 William St., New York.
March 0.- ly.
Allen's Planet Jr and.
DbsuLL and wnuasiHoU. TUls new
w Ti.bey sow. liks e a nm' anud hoe
bbeeter e .lxnd e iixtumesl ter
than the hand hoe. 8EMP
sBIRE & Co. 1 8. Main
54.L Wso. Cieelaeftee.
LiaAgntwamted itn every tow _n.
rPia late in what Paperou reea
SIinnott's Line.
a
Spring and Summer Arrangement*. a
For Grand Ecore, Montgomery, Alexandria
Pineville, Norman's, Barbin's,
Fort Denassy, j
And All Way Iandings,
The A I Magniicvant and fast
running side-wheel passenger I
BART ABLE!
DICK gINiOT, Master. '
G. C. HAxMITO,
T. J. DowY, S Clerks.
W ILL leave New Orleans every'Satnrday at
5 P. .,' returning ]eaves Grand Ecore
every Tuesday at 12 n., and Alexandria every
Wednesday at 12 $.
The steamer
C. H. DURFEE.
will take the place of the Bart Able in low
water, and continue in the trade regularly as
long as possible to make weekly trips.
My patrons can rest assnured they will never
have to pay over ONE CARD rates freights, as
long as 1 can make weekly trips.
DICK SINNOTT.
1875. AGAIN ! 1875
LOUISVILLE WEEKLY
COURIER JOURNAL
Continues for the present year its liberal
arrangement, whereby, on the 31st of
December, 1875, it will distribute impar
tially among its subscribers,
11o,oooO
In presents, comprising Greenbacks and
nearly one thousand useful and beatitiful
articles.
The Conrier-Journal is a long-estab
lished, live, wide-awake, progressive,
newsy, bright and spicy paper.
No other paper ofilers such inducements
to subscribers and club agents Circul irs
I with full particulars and specimen cop
Sibs sent free on application.
Terms, $2.00 a year and liberal offers
to clubs.
1 Address, W. N. HALDEMAN,
Pres, Courier-Journal Co., Louisville, Ky
EEKLY Friday Packet
For Grand Ecore, Montgomery, Month of Cane
]giver, Alexndria, Norman's Bar
ý -
b's and all way landings
- I  t The Al and very light draught
passenger steamer
im SEMINOLE.
[J. C. Mrreast., Master. JAs. L. Robins, ulerk.
ST EAVES New Orleans every Tuesday at 5 P.
| ., arriving at Grand Pore every Friday
at It X.. The.Seminole will be repway ed by a larg
Ser boewhen navigation permits
I- Will make close connection at the Falls da
rltg extreme low water with the light draught
psteamer Ida Ia. Passengers can be r sured
that they will We put through without deten
tion and shippers will bear in mind that freight
Sat w The wibe promptly delivereplaed n high water
S Foe r freight or paae apply obord or to
TUST m e oneeon t from the F growd
rlt etrem fll supply ofwith the ightabove celebrdraught
e.ted seed, aIoni, sets, and early rose potanred
Bi tonat'nd Garden Manus for grat freighto
d ill be promptly delivered stribution atin hgh water
Jan. At TRI HRE S , A gentY
WW3MM.I Xoy,
Attorney and O uneir at Law,
do m seem4 a Twlad street.,
Juu.eO-1y KAtchitovke, Iý.,
WEEKLY AND DAILY FOR 1ST75
Tihe approneh of the Presidential ele...
tion gives lunusual importance to th,
events and developments of 157,. VeT
shall endleavor to diescribo thelm tulli,
faithfully, and fearlessly.
TqE WEIKLY' SUN has now att!aint
ed e circlatlion of over seventy tlhon
sand copies. Its re:adlers are foundl iii
every Sttate anid L'r;rritory, and its uuali
ty is well k!no,:! i to the lpublic. \We
shall not oly endeavor to keep it fully
up to the o;l standard, but to il[p.rove' ti
•ult modld to its' variety anld power. o
TILE WEI:EKLY SUN will continue to Ili
be a thorouhi newspap,'l'er. All the hnews Ih
oft the day will be f1ound in it, condelio - f.
ed when inilmlportant, at full lenig ilt ,t
when of nllolhent, and always, we trl'u), ar
treated in a clear, interesting and iµ- el,
structive mannlllller. e
It is our aim to make the Weekly Stca al
the best fimnily newspaper il the world. to
It will be fell oft elutert'lining lnd a1i- or
lrol'priate reading of every sort, but will
print nothing to o'ffend the mlost sertpil- at
lous land delicate taste. It will always
contain the most interestinlg stories aiul rp
roIIIIanes of the day, carefully shlectc'I til
and legibly printed. pe
The Agricultural Department is a of
prominent feature in the Weekly Sum, a
and its articles will always be found ,,
firesh and useful to the farmer. Al
The unmber of men indepenlent in a
politics is increasing, and the Weekly v;
Sun is their paper especially. It lieloull In
to no party, .and obeys no dictation, con- 11
tending for principle, and for the election jo
of the best men. It exposes the corrup,- p,
tion that disgraces the country a3l tl
threatens the overthrow of republicn et
institutions. It has no fear of knaves, l1
and seeks no favors from their support- ce
er. v
The markets of every kind and the fl
fashions are regularly replortedl in its ti
colIlumns. it
The price of the WEEKLY SUN is one II
dollar a year for a sheet of eight pages,
and fifty-six colnmns. As this barely s
pays expenses of paper and printing, we i,
are not able to make any discotrnt or a!- 1
low anly lpremium to friends who may it
make special efforts to extend its circulal:- I
tion. Under the new law, which re- is
quires payment of postage in alvance, o
one dollar a year, with twenty cents the o
cost of opaid postate added, is the rate
of slnbt ption. It is not necessary to A
get up a club in order to have the Week- p
ly Sun at this rate. Any one who sends a
one dollar and twenty cents will got the s
paper, post-paid, for a year. s
We have no traveling agents.
THE WEEKLY SUN.-i -fight pages, s
fifty-six colntus. Onlly $1.20 :, ye;r,
postage prepaid. No discount from this p
rule. a
THE DAILY SUN.-A large four-page p
newspaper of twenty-eight colnum: t
Daily circulation over 120000. All the t
news for 2 cents. Subscription, postage r
prepaid 55 cents a month, or $650 a year. i
To clubs of 10 or over, a discount of '20
per cent. Address. i
"'THIE SUN," New York City.
THE
People's Vindicator,
FOR 1875.
We take pleasure in announcing to the
numerous friends of theVINDICTOR,
that we have perfected arrangements ,for
the continuation of its publication upon
a firm basis. The public are well aware
I of the difficulties under which the Con
servative press otf Louisiana labor; the
infamous printing law passed by a parti
san Legislature, solely to foster :and up
hold, at the expense of the tax-payers,
journals entirely antagonistical to their
interest, and at war upon their lib'rties,
and by forcing, under the forms of law,
our citizens to advertise in thlese official
Spapers, to break down their power, the
Conservative and Democratic press; con
sequently we are compelled to depelndl
for support 1plton the generous cenltliilhl
tion of a people already poverty-stricken,
but we feel assured that they w;ll not
fail to sustain their main power in the
Swar of virtue against vice
' The Fearless White Man's ~Press of
Louisiana.
The futnre tone of this paper can be
r judged from its past. We will continue
L to advocate to success, the rights of the
r TAXED, that honesty and capability,
i ALONE, shall constitute grounds for po
litieal preferment, and a continued and
never ceasing war uponm Kellogg :and his
corrupt officials-knowing them to be in
5 common with their IChief, both usurpers
and thieves.
We can assure the public:that.we will
not hesitate to attack the acts of any po
litical organizatioa, when we believe
them to be antagonistic to public good.
We are the servant of no clique or party,
and intend solely to protect and defend
l thle rights and liberties, in our honest
of way, of the whole people-believing that
r- we Iharve done suffleient service in the
cause of the PEOPLE in the past, we
confidently expet.their suppport lin the
future.
I TERMS:
t 1 Copy 1 year...................... $3
1 "Y 6 muos-...-....-.. .......... $2
(Invariably in advance.)
, We furnish as a premium to each paid
t up suenbscriber, for one year from the first
Sof January, a fine STEEL ENGRAVING,
p. 19x24 inches, of almost any Historical
esubject.
ra 4A8. H. COSGROVE,
Editor.
S PELLI & AREAUXI,
Publishers.
THE DEMOCRATIC PAPER OF
THE UNIT'ED STATES.
WEEKLY, Published Wednedays.
Full reports of Farmera' Club, Live Stock
Markets of New York, Albany, Brighton,
Cambridge, and Philadelphia; the New
York Country Produce Market, and Oen
Seral Produce Markets of the Country,
and full Reports of the New York M:ar
ket, Exhaustive Summary of the News,
Practical Agricultural Depart.nLut, and
t Famnily Reading.
TERlS :
k One oopy one year ................. 2
Five copies, one year, separately ad
P dressed........................... 7
Daily, Terms.-One copy, one year
.......................... $10 00
l- Semi.Weekly, Term&s.- One copy,
ht one year...............-........ $-3
Two cupies, one year, separately ad
Bh ressed...................... ... 5
er Terms (asg, (in adrance.)
O Send in Registered Letter. Postofflcee
Money Order, or Bank Draft. Bills sent
by mail will be at the risk of the sender
We have no Traveling Agents. Spec
men Copies, Posters, Etc, sent free o
charge, wherever a.nid whenever desired,
ra- Adjdres all orders and letters to
THE WORLD,
on ew York City;
3. X.KEaRn xY. \ I. J.CUNNINGHAM
SKearney & Cunningham,
l Attorny and Couaselors at lau
Omloe on St. Denaia Street,
Jwi 1 iO~:-1y. Nelckifodlie. La.'
A I e; preculativ ,ul C!lamtpii of Ameorican
Art Taste !
'rospcctus for 187h--Eightil Year.
TIHE ART JOURNAL OF AMERICA,
ISSUED MOYTHLY. Ton
mI t
"A Miagnificent:'Conceptioin, wonderfully
carried oit." inte
SInirh
Tihe neceseity oif a iomilarr mo.,:ein for gres
the reprsenltatiton o" t tle tr.lldtrtionsr of l:i
our great artists, Ihas :rwrys hn reno .!t Nelra
nized, and many rttunipl havie been of al
i:lmade to mnneet the want. The s(necessive gst
failures which so inv:ribly tollowed t lr fh or
attempt in this country to :stahlishi :i vari
nrt joirnal, did nrot prove tirhe indlifthr- T1
sence of the people of America to the eler
tlnairmus of high aIrt. So oon asm a Jprop" per
apprciatio n of the want and an ability iron
to meet it were shrowir, the public :t rIa'
once rallied with ienthlusinai to its :up- E
'r't. and the rsnlt. was a nreat ar'tistic men
intl comnlerin: l trirumph-TiH ' AL)DINE. Irt
THE ALI)TNE, while issned witlh all the iri
regrllarity. h:ls none of th, terniuor;iurv or Rev
timely int4'rest characnteristic of ordiunary plio,
peri,,lieials. It is n) elegiant lisehllany linil
of pure, light and graceful literature; hdn Teha
a collection of epictures, the rarest speei- trici
muelis of artistic skill. in lulaek aind white. ',
Although eachl sleceedling nimn'ber atlirds In vi
a fresh hleasunre, to its frieinds. the rea:l er
value and henulity of the Ar.muNei; will be very
most iaprei1ated after it his heen bolmnd tid
uip at the closet of tihe yer. While other the
journlas may clail superior cheapnIIess, ts Fan
compared with rt 'als of a smniblr class, iug
the A.nlr: i s ia niqlue and original con- CoWl
ception-alonne and unalltiroached nlso- h
lantely without comlipotitionl ill price or Rxy
character. The Iossessor of a eolnplete samr
volnme einnot duplie:te the quantity of ing
fine paper and engravinugs in any other are
shape or nminher of volhmres for ten tines pric
its cost ; and then, there is the Chromno elmu
besides! iut
National feature of THE, ALPINE Dea
must he taken in no narrow sense. Truen
art is cosmopolitan. Wile THlE AL- A
DINE is a strictly American ilstitution, A nr
it does not confine itsolf entirely to the Soli
reprodcntion of native art. Its mission and
is to cultivate a broad and appreciative wo
art taste, one that will discriminate only tioi
on grornndls of intrinsic nmerit. Thus, thei
while placing thefore the patrons of THE I'
ALPINE. as a leading characteritic, the Mot
productions of thie.most noited Amnerican exn
artists, attentionl will always be eiven to not
specimens from foreign masters, giving of
subscribers all the pleasnre and inltrne- A e
tion obtain:able from holme or foreign the
Sol'reý " . t
ºThe artistic illistration of American inrv
scenery, original with THE ALDINE, is Pan
an important feature, and its mnagnilicent re(
plates are of a size more appropriate to .
the satisfactory treatnent of details Pa
than can lie afforded by any inferior N.
nago. The judicious interspersion 'of W'
lalndscape, marine, figure, aRnd animal .1
) subjects, snstain an unabhated interest,
inpossible where the scope of the work
confines the artist too closely to a single
style of sabject. The literature of THIE
ALPINE is a light end graceful acconm
paniment, worthy of the artistic fea
tures, with only such technical disraisi- A
tions nas do not interfere with the popu
lar interest of the work.
Premium for 1878.
Every snbsriher for 1875 will reneivo
a beautnifiul portrait, in oil colors, of the
Sseine nohle dog whose picture in a itr
r mer issue attracted so much attention,
"MAN'S UNSELFISH FRIEND"
will be a welcome in every home. Eve
rybody loves such a dog, and the portrait
is executed so true to the life, that it
seems the veritable presence of the anil-.
mli titself. The Roev. T. De Witt Tal- in
Smage tells that his own Newfonnndland
Sdog (thie finest in Brooklyn, barks at it I
d lthrongh so natural, no one who sees Is
this preminim chromen will have the ri
1 slightest fear of being bitten.
1 Besides the chromo, every advance
wsihecriber to THE ALDINE for 1875 is ar
constitnted a rmeniher, and entitled to
all the privileges of
STHE ALDINE ART UNION. E
The Union owns the originals of all A
Df THE ALDINE pictures, which, with
other paintings and engravings, are to
be distribnued among thie nmembers. To
o every series of 5.000 subscribiers, 100 dif- Al
t fomrent pieces, valued at over $2,500 are to
re distributed as soon as thie series is full, "
a, and thire awards of each seriessas mine, ,
o- are to be published in the next snecl-i
4 ing issAe of THE ALDINE. This fea- w~1
is ture only applies to suhacrseribers who pay
n for one year in advance. Full particn
Is lars in eircular iseeit on application en
closing a stamp.
TERMSI:
e One ubsecription, eatitlin fo 21THE
ALDINE one year, tihe Chrnomo
ard the Art Union,
at $6.00 per ainum, in advance.
SNo charge for postage.
he Specimen Copies of THE ALDINE, 50 ote.
The ADINE will hereafter lbe obtainable
only by subscription. There will be nio 1
$3 reduced or club rate; ecah for subscrip- i
$2 tions nmust be sent to the pIublishelrs lireet, t
or handed to the local esanvasser, without a
responsibility to the publishers, only in a
rid eases where the certificate is given, heboar
r ing the fac-simile signature of James
SSutton, President
l CANVA"ISSER WANTED.-Any person who ti
wishes to act permanently as a local canr n
vasser, will receive full anti prompt in- )
onuation by applying to a
THE AiLDNE COMPAITNY,
58 Maiden Lane, NEW'YORK
POSITIVELY NIO CROMOS.
1-
ck t
w Tho UA.-vRT News.
ry, FOR 1875.
Containing every week FORTY COL
UMNS of choice reading mat
Ster, printed on clear, lhand
2 * some type, anid line
white palper.
I00 TUE NEWS is ed0ted 'by the Damn
Sr Mau is coutribelnt to by
$3 George Alfred i'ownseud, the chief of
Newspalper Gorrespondents, aid ether
5 excellent writers, whoa will furnIsh fresh
correspoidlence from the leading eities,
and 'cantribnte to he editorial colunins.
e ''he NEWS has It own Scientific,
ent Fashion, Chitess and puzzle editors; pub
dir. lishewtthe bpt original matter, the best
eci- miscellany, and the freshest and host
a of miscellany, and the freshest and best
rd. stotiegi n all its departments it is
edited with scmpulous care, and, is, in
eensequneneo one of the best Family
Journals publilshed. Sample Coples free
. -send for one,
LA TERMS OF SUlSCRIPTION:
[, One Year..........................00
at Speciq) rateo4jo Postansters and clnbs.
BAILEY'& DONOVAN,
n4 L.aabury, Con.
THE BEST PAPER. Ti. IT.
POSTAGE FREI:I:
Seautifi1ly'lllustratcd.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN now in
iti;ith yeir, ,.j-i ys ,the wtid, .t ciirnila.
ion of an*y weIkldy neis;lpiper of t'kil
il the vworl. A new volume cIs lctts
.Jaln tary ., 1, 7-,..
Its col,uitv s emnlrace the I:to;t and lmost
inter' st in(ll itfoirmalaion wt'rt:iniilg to to th
Industrial, 41Mei-llical, ;and $ei,.niicl 'io
grst of the WrWl ; ,'sMriptin.ls, with
I .:ilntifll ! i'. rravinpfs, ,,f New hlVrntious.
N\('W P!r'(c ( ,+ ,. anti :.llro'e, h'du1tlr t'its
of aill kindts: l'seful Not;.s, ];.Jiles, Sug
l:stions :!nd Advice, Iy 'ractieul VWriters.
for Workmen anlti Llmployers. .in all the
variotIs art,,
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN is the
chlleapl't 'ar d best ilhltrated w1meekly pn
"per ll llish,.d. !'Evce;'ry nlibr contains
front 10 to 15 original engraviings of Ilew
lnlcllhiIin'V anti novel inllvtltious.
EN(GAVI ,GS,. illutrl:ting Improve
inents, Disovt:ries. nud [lportant \\orks,
pertlini~g to Civil ni!d .!echaniea, EJngi
necriIg, Milling. .!Mining and Me'tallurgy;
lecords, o. the hitet;t progres.s in the A1p
pli..tio,;:nk Sif te:ni. Situ Engin, ering,
laihnl.ys, iShip liniling, Navigation.
Telegraphy Telegraph Engineering, Elee
tricity, Mapliti, Light and Heat.
FA1R iE t"c, Mechanics. Engineers.
Inventors, anltittrtlluri. Chelnist., Lov
ers of Scietcee, Teachiers, lClertgyinen, Latw
yerc, mid ]'ciºile of" all PI'ruoesioils, w'vill
ind1 the ScilI.NTlllC AMEII'.4AN lsltftil to
thiemd. It ihould have :a pl:ace in every
Fam ily, Lilnmry, St udy, oflice, and Comnt
ing Roomln; in every Reading Boom,
College, Ac, eadlmy. or School.
A year's tiuthetrs tmelltailn ti2 piages a:nm
Riv EIIAL I I Nti)EI"EN; xAVI Ntvste s Tholi
s:Iands of hvol umest al er, r(i tilr biltld
ing anvld r.!f'erence. 'T'i praeticmal receipts
are well .worthi ten times the sulbscriptiont
price. Terms. i$: 21 a year hy mai il. in
chiding Ipostar". D)iscou1t111 to C1 ,,le
,eitncis sent fi'ee. May be had of all News
Dealers.
PATENTS. in o:noetion wit
AilMIC1A.N , nMssrs. tis' &  (a. are
Solictors of American Iand 11,Forign Patents,
ranod ILhve thel.nrgest enthlishmlent in the
world More than fifty thlouesai npplica.
tions have b)enjlnado fitr1patents through
their aIgOeJlV.
P;tmitls mare oltinled on the best termls
Models of New inveltions and (sketches
exm;lninld :11 advice free. A splecial
notice, is'llltlta ill Ihe. Scientific American
of allIirvent iouIs Patented throt li this
Ageeny, t'. it the. nltnoloii and resdide:;lt of
the lPateltce. P.atnts are often :ahl ill
"part o. w hhol,.to, t persons attracted tb the
inl\veution by.i nch, notie,. Send for
Iar)mphlet, 110 pages, laws and fdull di
rections f'm obtaining Patents.
* A4,lres foir the Paper, or concerning
Patents, Muxx & C(., 37 Park Row
N. Y. Brach Office, cor. F ald 7th Sts.
Washinton, D C.
.lany 11873.-,-l1
TH): ed
Nal
WEEKLY ENQUIRER, mp
grit
A Paper for tile People, a Friend of the Wih
Fannrmer and Industrial Classes, firs
ant
A BEAUTIFUL I
NEW CHROMO 'r1
ENTITLED MA
Hol
"Perry's Victory!"
Givento every $2 *0 Subscriber. spa
This picture represents Com. Oliver I. Per.
iv in the act of pasinug from one ship to another
in a small open boat, duriug the heat of battle, dui
cxeposed to the re o tole enemy.
It Measures 16 by 221 inches,
Is artistically finished in thirteen colors and is ev
undoubtedly the most desirable chromo ever all'
offered as a premium. Single copies of it sell at tin
13 00. Wehave at a great outlay secured the noI
exclusive control and sale of it, andl therefore
are enabled topresent it to our patrons as above. jei
The EsQUiitau still stands pro eminet as a to
first class 1Newspaper. Its vaiotuns departments en
allotted to
Editorials, THumorous, li
Agrieulture, Poetry, ia
Correspomdenee, Telegraplic
l And General Neis. - off
All give evidence of the care and pains taken e o
to supply its readers with all the news and a liel
variety of reading that cannot fail to interest Mi
each and every membe- of the household. Sub. intf
scribe through our agents or send direct to us.
We desire an agent at every Post Office, and ex
where none are yet appointed, let some of our an
friends apply for the agency, tat
Address Li
FAASN & leN:cAN, Publishers, lot
CINCINNATI, O. foe
The Saturday'Evening Post.
The Oldest and Best Story Paper Pub.
lished. an
Founded August 4; A, D. 1821.
For more than half a century the
Saturday Evening Post has been tin. un
GREAT LITERARY WEEKLY th
of the Country, and has ever borne a
widespread and unblemished reputation co
for the unsurpassed purity, refinement e
and excellence of the Serials, Sketches Li
R and Miscellaneous reading matter.
It is pre-eminently
The Best Family Paper
o that is published in thiscountry, from its O0
never containing anything that would In
- offend the feelings of any one, either in iu
a religious or political sense, or that fo
could not be read at any fireside without 1
objection from the most fastidious.
T'he circulation of the Saturday Even
ing Post, through not quite so large
perhaps, as its yonng r contemr praries, 01
is not, like that of smie of themu, fluctu- s
ating, and too often short-lived, but 01
SURE, SOLID AND SUITANTIAL .e
based upon the intrinsic merit of the pa
per itself. and not l.ependent oat any ex
traneous influences, such as the populari
ty of individual. writers, &c.
Good, however, as the Saturday Even.
ing Post :has been in tie past, it is our
intentiQfn to aunke it still better hi the v
future, and with this object in view we ,v
wi.i effect a marked imnprovene, t in eve- -e
':y department of the paper, and will t
call to our assistance writels of amhnitted 1
ability and known reputation.
By inereasingl its former attractions, t
and adding im:aly judicious and pleas- c
iug novelties, by studying how to iplea~e I
end cultivate the popular taste, by in
creasing industry and enterprise, and by
n- enlarged ftecilities, we hope to make new
by frieuds with each and every issue, and
of continue to maintain the claim of the 
er Saturday Evening Post to its title of Tin:
h OL)PEST AND TLE BUEST of Family 8tory
se, Papers.
Terms to subscrbers:
b- One year 1 copy $3.00 One mouth ."5
st" 2 cople)I li5.00 Two monthas i
st " 4 copies 10.00 Three mo. "h
"To 9 copies 20.00 Four mo 1 0o
S To'any one sending $20 for a Club of
i 9, an additional copy will e sent FREE
S Specimen copies can be had on appl
cation. We Employ uoTravoeling Agents.
AU eommunications nmust be addressed to
]. J. C. WALKER, Propietor,
727 Walnut 8trlet,
Philadelphia.
-P Get your printing done at
the VI~DIcATon Job Oelec.
THEi ILLUSTRATE'i)
lO'i llOLLD I11liE.
WITH WHICH IS INCORPORATED
It is the intention of the eco d'ictors of
this .'tag:lzin,, to still frtlleir lhllke it :1
tnhlc of liter:ary and me.tchalideal excel
l, nt,, an'd. with this :'iw, lt) advantag*
will I , n~il Iicttdi w1hich eitl r talenlt or
tnpit,. c:nl 'oi.l'naliid to reider each eo
SMi n :1 ghl e , l'it andl ilstlirullti ecop ¢RIen
di:::l ofu
ol['i ULARI ]1E.A1I)NG.
Its ,ags will he devotedt, to !ppnulr
i t' :Itl t'trt , sc'ienl t' ', ar 'tt,ulcation attd fe -
cial idevehuitncltt. its c hlaracteristic fern
ttre is .olimprlhllSiVliniss lith nlanu
sicipts llw on halind, Vndlil others especia -
ly lIngt:gedl, etll 'atue anl unusually attrat
tive list of Dl)scriptive Ske·t'hes of Trar
el, S'rial S tories. Talles Poems, l'apers oni
Science :tuft Art, Popular Essays, Narra
tives. Literary Critiei:,ms, Fashions, etc.,
tiei'thcr" with a variety of abhle and in
tetrestlig mtilesh upon tihe nmportanll
Questiotis of the Day. A large propor
1tion of the articles, especially those des
criptive of travel, will be
I'ROFIUSELY ILLUSTRATED.
The pictorial emnillishnents of tie
M1az.ine htereafter constituting one of
its most attract ive tealtures.
The pmurpose of the 1'Phlishers is to fur
niis a p1eriodical which shall be instrao
Sin Th e h ousehold, Tire Library and
The eading ilooil, givintg 'tt ahlndal:ce
of entertaining and p]pular literature
and informlatioin for both old and young,
carrying light. comfort and god nature
into every fautnily, anid nmaking it accep
table for the whole Household-f-ather
San4d lmother, boys and girls, young men
anlid younlg Wonletn.
SThe llutsfrated Household Magan~i
includes several Distinct Departnlmeutt
each under competent and efficient man
.ageimenit, viz:
1. Sket ches-consisting of Descriptions
of Travel and Adventure, Serial Storicas,
Tales and Narratives, lavisdhly nand ap
npropriately illustrated.
. Miscellany-tlado up of brilliant es
tractis frolt new ºlooks, highly entertait
ing sketches of notable peisons and
thiings fromu the het Foreign Public
Stions, Poems and Papers on Science and
Art.
1 . Editorial Department-in which is
given blillia:t essalYs upon a wide range
of subjects; social topics discussed and
Scurrent incidents a111 doings glanced at.
4. Faslcon Department-c-nitainiug a
a resume of the Paris, London and New
r York Fashions, illustrated with engre
vings of the latest styles.
5. Literary Notes-dtevoted to reviews
and criticisms of new booksand general
information.
6. Children's Department-lrnlshbig
instruction and entertainamnt to the
Boys and Girls, and those older people
~lho have young hearts. It is ellbelih
ed with high, class illustrations of
Natural History, Wonderful Scenery aad
rare incidents.
S7. lHousekeeper"s' ;Pepartment-eom
prisingginformation and recipes, many of
0 which are original and published for the
first time, all colleected from the mtnet
authentic sources.
It will be the constant aim of the
Houllonehold Publishing Company to make
THE ILLUSTRATED HOUSEHOLD
MAGAZINE in the future, as Wood's
Household Magazine has been in the
past,
THE BEST DOLLAR"MONTHLY PO
LISHED,
sparing neither effort, trouble nor em
pense in securing the Best Writers as
" contributors, sid the Best Artists to pro
duce illustrations to enrich its pages.
AGENTS WANTED.
We require a goodl, faithfnl Agen.t I
i every town throughout thie United States
r andl C:alda, who will earnestly engage in
it thie bulsinss of lprtlrilg snbsribern-
ee not for a fiw days or a month only, but
• permanently-w'ith 'a:firmnn detenna natio
Sto canvass thtlonghlyv andi carefully tim
i entire tield selctedl, inmproving every p.
liortunity to realize all that can possibly
, be made from the lintroduction of the
Magazine.
c Our Premium andClubbag Liste
ofer great inducements for workintg
, our behalf. Schools and Churches have
a here al unusnal opportunity to proeme
t Musical Instruments from the best matn
Sfacturersa, with compaatively light
exertions. Artisans, Professional
r aud Stualents may gratify their literary
tastes by ordering from the Clubbing
List. Children may earn and oawn masy
long desiredl articles bhy.obtaini~cg e
few sbsecribers~required.
TERMSs
,YEARLY UBSPR8IPTION $1.0o.
Specimen Copies mailed, post-paid, to
amny addrmess upalm receipt of Ten Cents.
The postage within the United 8t4 s
is Ten Cents a year, which must be foe
warded with the suebscription, as the
new Postal Law requiringu 'the prepal
inent of all magazines by. publishtms
themselves, instead of aubscribers, corn
pets us to collect the postage in advange.
S Send for Circulars contaning rates a
ni commission and ilndueemenlt to canuras.
lt erse. and the Premium rand Clubbing
SWe continue to offer this celebrated
' Oil Chrolme in conneetion with the It
lId lustrated Household Magazine, fruish
, lug them to our subseribers upon the
at following very geeronstersue:
ut Witl Monated Chrome, $2.00. .s
mounted ILtrome, $1.50.
The Mounted Chromo is delivfrred at
our orfce, or by ecanvaners, or boxed aia,
sent by expre at, subserihPer's expense.
or sent by mail upon receipt of 'ITwent
Centu extra tfr postage. The Unmaonu .
ed Clhromo is sent free by mail.
a- All comntnieations munst' w addrerad
x- IOUSlEkHOLD PUBLISHING CO.,
- 41 Park Row, ]ew York.
. Employ-zent--M*a
he women and agents, we have just wtal
w, you nIed Our 911 Ilounted Chroue
e. -outsell anything in the market. Mr. Pea.
rill sImls write: "'I struck out yesterday, an,'
td by woekinlg easy four hours, cleared $7.
A laidy has just reported her prelits f.
n, the forenoon as $- ; yesterday up to"
a.- o'clockshe cleared $7 5~. We can prove
.o betndjrqunestion that one agent order.a
in. 5,00of tl,t .i (bhromlos in eleven work
b ing days. Wi have the largest and line.lr
,ew nsortlulent inl the United States; hbun
nd dreds of choi, subjects from whiebh to
te select. Ve will !ed you an assorted oI,.
in: of tim lhst selling free of charge mon re
ory ceiptsof~6 50. Send in your ordenrs or
give ns a cai, Samples by mail 5cie., o.
12 for $1.
SBIOSTON FRAME AND CIHROMO CO.
292 Washington St., Thto Marss.
j P.O.l Box 262.
Sof Important Notice.
pl UBlCRInE lS8 to the GRnD'I, Ecom
nts. ANIJ Nw OnL~~s P.oPLr.s L.s .
to PtACKET COMPANY, are hereby notifi.ci
that the first Instalment of the namon;it
C snlscrnbed (25 per cent on each share) i.
t, now due. They are respectfhfully invi
hi. ted to come forward and settle at once
_ their indebtedness.
e at By order of the Diretorsl,
Nov. 8.--tf. Agent.