',WIIAT I KNOW, I KNOW," said
thero grat surgeon Magendie. "Give
ie stubborn facts; I care not for
thiorice." This is sound doctrine.
po ,ibly a wedical martinet might
be able, in a plausible way, to show
why Dr. Walker's Vinegar Bitters
ought not to cure lndigestion, head
obhe, Nervousness, Liver Complaint,
Muscular Diseases, and Miasmatic
Fevers; but as they do in every in
stance effect that object, his fine theo
rT would be a waste of words. As
Ioendic said, the world demands
fatCt, not speculative opinions.
It is asscrted as.a fact that every
cauasser who has turned his atten
tion to the introduction of the New
F"iuuily Sewing Machine in his local
ity, or who has been fortunate enough
to secure an agency, has outstripped
thl best efforts in making money of
the old and tried Agents of the high
priced machines, which latter they
low replace. The demand is enor
mons, and sales so rapid and money
made so readily with so little effort
that Farmers, Tradesmen, Specula
tors, &c., are flocking into the busi
ness as fast as they can secure terri
tory and get their goods on the
ground to supply anxious customers.
It is marvelous how these machines
sell when exhibited, it being a recog
ised fact that the people will buy
the best at the lowest price. It cer
tainly is the Machine of the times
and does the same work, as other
Machines at $80.00 or $90.00, and we
really believe it would sell just as read
ily atdouble and then not cost half the
usual price of so good an article, for
it ji astonishing to see the vast
amount of labor it performs at so low
a cost. The inventors afe daily in
undated with testimonials of the
worth of their new Machines which
so suddenly and successfully bounded
into popular favor. It proves to be
just what is wanted every day, by
every one, everywhere, who have a
faiuily,. It has attained an enviable
reputstion in many thousands of
homes and factories, for its solid
str~ogth, power, rapidity, simplicity,
certainty, and ease of operation, with
extreme beauty, fineness and reliabil
ity ot its sewing ; while the wonder
fol iow price (Twenty Dollars for a
Large and complete Sewing Machine
with a strong table and treadle),
Slaces all idea of competition entire
y ouat of the question. It tands alone
on Ut merits and price. We advise
you to invest in one at once for your
Wife. Daughter, Mother, 8ister or
Lady friend and make a home hap
py, or put them in your factory, or
what is better if you are lucky enough,
secure an agency if there is none in
your town, and make money your
lt,.. The many New Attheniients
for #glng extra fine skilful and dif
ficelt wdrk, are a surprise in their
simplicity of construction and far be
low e9et "grange prices," and will
be41elivered safe at your door, no
matter #sw remote you may reside,
ifyn, write,.for them. Address, J.
TaosQx, HANNA & Co., 907 Broad
wa, N. Y.
- otce of Co-partnership.
H[AVING this day entered into co
ilpartuership with John A. Raggio,
the bnsinei .of the establishlment will
hler t be conducted ander the name
adaity e of Garzia & Raggio
* • ALEX. GARZIA.
Natchitoches, March 27, 1875.
TI llIELL'S SAW MILL,
(Five Miles from Natghitoches.)
50000 Feet of Lumber for Sale.
TERMS:
Fsme 5 to 10 Dollars, (aecording to
quality) per M. at the Mill.
Delivered in Natchitoches, at $14
per M.
Mich 27.--y.
TEl FIVORITI HIG RlDoy.
Ispia nently a Family Medicine; and by
lg kept ready for immediate resort
Ify sdollr-in time and doetorebill,
After over Fwty Years' trial it is still
eesiving the meet unqualified testimo
taalate its virtaes from plsones of the
bi~Y1'.oqraotsr s tad .-ellloniliy.r.
Emnr phyiu omind. it uas t
-U ZECTUAL SPECIFIC
Aldaeaseu of the Liver, 8tomach
-of LiverComplaint are
a rrbb taste in the moth ;
S.SdesFJoints, ofte
eumatl mu; Sour Stomw.
ir Appetite; 3 Bowls falternate
. -dlax Headache; Lora of
~h a palfnil sensation of hat
.~ t sxethilg which- ought
b tyro=been doane Debility, Low
tigk yellow appearsncebf the
yes, a dry Colgh oten miS
Consumption.
Sib many of these symptoms
4iuiase, at others very few;
t 'Liver, the largest organi I the
Sseat of the diease
d ees and ah d en
if 3 hoar Stomachb,
pea , Pareht.and Beat P~al
1 Nbdic; iD In the World!
Z C00.
M G. and Philadelphia.
-,P4AlO "o. 31 by all.Druggists.
-ir , 1875.-l y.
md to meet., the rquirements
s -i -and the l'ad times, we will,
~ store all Aight conslgned to
barrenl said ship all cotton
onaelves to our fleads and
that these r.Ae of strge
r~uain unchaed a. lop n as we
Ganmd Ecor, l~a
Fiuianial, Cummercial and River N~s.
COTrON ST.TI EIFNT.
On hand last report ........ 1331 bales
Rceived l during week ........ 1- "
Total receipts...... 4434 "
MARKET QUOTATIONS.
(It shouhld b1, ren'wihbt'red our quota
tioas are fort rountod lots, at retail, higher
prices will have to be paid.)
Corrected Weeldy lq Carver & Taylor.
Cotton................... .............I 13c.
Hlides, dry........................1....I2 -e
Hides, green............. ..... .5 t;ec
B.tAos.-The market is in limiited supply
Clear sides are qltted at Ilc; shoulders at ;1c:
Breakfast bacon at, 19c.
FLOln.-Is in good supply- with fair demand.
We quote XX at 16 5.; low XXX 7 00,'d7 25 and
golo XXX at d 75; Choice XXX at t9 50; choice
tntily i1l 50.
PO 'K.--None in tim market.
]rc.tcNc;.-Tu fair supply. demand fair. IemIp
and jute at I!c; per yard. No India in mIarket.
LAmR.-In light sunply with good demand. In
tierces 2c:; in kegs 22.
1lHsts.-Are in light supply and demand limit
ed Canvassed are quotd & 'i2!ec.
Sat.T.-In good supply. Iiverpool coarse sells
at $2 1`5 per sack. Fine 15925c higher.
SaIn G.la(l.-NXon but rye in market which
is quoted at $175 per bushel.
IITos Ti'rs.-Thi market is in good snpply.
The arrow is held at 10 and the button at O1c.
per pound.
Moa..ss.ms.-Scarce. Choiso Louisiana is be
ing sold at-; pluelu at 90c. per gallon. By the
keg $8 Ofi 9 5)
CoAl. Oi--lIs in good supply and is held at
50c. per gallon.
TouACCo.-Supply good. Good medium Ia
quoted at 865. and flue bright at 900.@$1 25 per
pound.
CotrE--The supply is limited and demand
good. Prime at 25 and choice at -
RICl.-No Carolina in market. Louisiana is
hold at tke. per pound.
Colu.--ls in good supplybut no demand.
SoAP.-Extra olive bar 10e.
Su.tK--Louisiasnaprite ls quoted at ;- yel
low clarified 4 12c; crushed and powdered I
15e.
WV RSKY.-White and iCd edro held at $1 591
por gallon; Bourbon conuuands 65 &iti 5I) per gal
Ion.
SllOT.-Ts In good sumpplv-with fair demand aid
sold at $2 75 per sack and bnck sldet at $3.
l'PowoE.--The supply is limited and is held
at S~. peor pound.
NE W ADV 1i 81:`E.1NM I,
NO COMPROMISE!!
I. ~Ea3m te C o.,
FRONT SIREET,
A RE OFFERING THEIR LARGE AIND
Select st4)ok of
DRY GOODS,
GROCERIES,
.HARDWARE,
SBOOTS,
SHOES,
HATS,
CAPS,
& c., &.c.
At New York Cash Prices
Come early and secure bargains.
Remember the house, I KAHN & Co.,
and that all GOODS are at COST Price.
March 13. -6m.
FITS CURED FREE!!
Any person suffering from the above
disease is requested to address Dr. Price,
and a trial bottle of medicine will be
forwarded by Express.
FREE !
The only cost being the Explress char
ges, which owing to my large business,
are small.
Dr. Price has made the treatment of
FITS OR EPILEPSY
a study for years, and he will warrant a
cure by the use of his reipedy.
Do not fail to send to lim for a trial
bottle; it costs nothing, and he
WILL CURE YOU,
no matter of how long standing your
case may be, or how many other reme
dies may have failed.
Cii'culars and testimonials sent with
FREE TRIAL BOTTLE.
Be particular to give your Express, as
well as your Post Office direction, and
Address,
Dr. Chas. T. Price,
67 William Street, New York.
March 6.-ly.
NEW YORK TRIBUNE I
The Leading American Newspaper.
THE B1ST ADVERTISING MEDIUM.
Daily, $10.00 a year; Semi-Weekly,
$3.00; Weekly, $2.00
POSTAGE FREE TO THE SUBSCI
BER.
Specimen copies and advertising rates
free. Weekly, in clubs of 30 or more,
only $1.00, postage paid. Address
THE TRIBUNE, N
New York.
the Wo14.
THE DEMOCRATIC PAPElR OF
THE UNITED STATES.
WEEKLY, Published Wednesdays
Full report. of Farmers' Club, Live Stook
Markets. of NewYrk, Albany, Brigbto,
Canbridge, 'and Philadelphia; tlh ie .
YoLk CnnutryProduoeMarket, rnd 4e:e.!
eral Produce Markets of the Contry
and Reports of the New York MauI
ket, b ve Sunumary of the Newse
Pratical AsicalturalnDepartment,. and
Family Reading. . :
TBBERMS: .
One eopy one yea(.............. $2
Five copies; one year, separately ad
dres.ed·................. .... -
Daily, Terms.-One copy, one year
............................. $10 00
Bemi-Weekly, Terms.-O;O copy,,0
one year...-...-.......... ...... $3
Two copies, one year, separately ad
dressed......... . ... 5
Trw (7ask, (ia dtý i
Send in 'egistered Letter, Q lstoMee
Mondy Ord , or Banlk Dram. Bals tent
by mail. will at the risk of thetender.
We have no Traveling. Agents. Speci
men Coples, ?caters, Eto, sent free of
olbarge, whearever ealan e0 degr 04
Address all orders and letters to
TIfEWOELD,
New York City.
CONSUMPTION CURED.
To Ik Editor. of The PeoWle's vindicator:
EEErhi, 3mIKN D:
Will you please inform your readers
I have a pertiive
.CURE FOR CONSUMPION
and All disorders of the Tlroat and
Lungs, and that, by its use in my prac
tice, I'bave uared hundreds of cues, and
will give .
for a ease it will not .bezhfl Indeed, so
stirong is many bitkTOCvdi a SAxL ,
mr , to ainy sau-erdai in me.
Please show this lettet any pe yeou
may know who + .is s. , m thee
diseasp, and' oligeI,
F-aithful ly Yours,
, . Dr. T. F. BURT,
60 William St., New York.
March 6.-iy.
ce 1E M GAZINE
FOR 1875.
Brirght, cheertihl, progressive, alwhas up
t, il;i adv ulcing thought of the tinws.
The l o'. Mlagazine takes ranlk wilh thle
lea:li i aln most influenti:il periodiels
of the day. It is on the side of tempinr
nc, andU true christian ma':lity. Wha;i,
evcr is lurtiful it condemns without
fear or favor, and nmakes itself felt in the
hones of the people as a power for good.
The Great Household Magazine of
Amrerira, is more thoroughly ideutificd
with the people in their "'hom and so
ijal life than any other periodical in the
comllltrv.
"l)elibrah N,rmian ; her work and her
reward." A new serial story by T'. 8.
Arthur will he commenced in January.
"FIFTY YEAR]S AGO;( or the cabins
of the VWest," by Rosell l Rice. We an
uonuce this new series of articles with
real plcasure, knowing as we do thatt it
will be. among the most attractive that
we shall offer our readers next year.
Miss Rice, 1esides holding the pen 'of a
re;uay writer, has in her posseesion ularge.
amount of original material frolu which
to draw, and a wide nacquaintance with
people whose personal rentiuisccneo are
rich with pioneer incidents and experi
cnuces.
"lHomues for the People," a series of ad
mirably suggestive articles on homes and
lhow to make thent Iplea:sanLt and attrac
tive, by Mlrs. E. B. Dntufiy.
"The Story Teller." This department
will be unusually rich. Besides an
abundance of short stories, two or three
serials will be given during the year.
"'Pisissiway" Potts the inimuitabbl do
lileator of honme life and character, will
have au article in every unlmber.
liutterick's newest patterns for ladies'
and chihlrcns' dresses are given by spe
cial arranm IIg iLt evl'ery ontll.
The Mothers' Department n ill be care
fully edited and have suggestive articles
'roum our best and most experienced wri
ters.
The IHousekeepers' Department will be
full nad practical, aind contain many com
trilutionº from experienced housekeep
ers.
'"The Lion in Love' and "The Interrup
tetd Reader," two large and splendid pre
ultiul engravings. One of these is sent
free to every subscriber.
$2 50 a year is the price of ARTIIUR'S
ILLUSTRATED HOM3E MAGAZINE.
In clubs; 3 copies for $6; 6 and one ex
tra to the getter up of the club $12. 10
and one extra $20. 1 15 cents must
be added to each subscription for pre
payment of postage for the year. Spe
cimen nnmbers 16 cents, in currency or
postage stamps.
T. S. ARTHUR & SON,
Philadelphia, Pa.
PEOPLE'S LINE.
E G U LA Alexandria and
Grand Ecore Low Water PACKET.
For Grand Ecore, Montgomery, Month of Cane
River, Alexandria, Norman's, .iharbin'e,
and all way landings on Red
River.
% The Al extreme light
draught; passengcr steaomer,
BRADISH JOHNSON!
JOHN IIEINN, Master.
WM. CWLBERTSON, Clerk.
STILL leave New Orleans every Thurs
day, and arrive at Grand Ecore uve
ry Snaday.
For freight or passage apply on board
Oct. 17..tf.
Sinnott's Line.
Fall and Winter Arrangement.
For Grand Ecoro, Montgomery, Alexandria
Pineville, Norman's, Barbin's,
Fort DeIaissy,
And All Way Landings,
The A I M(agnificent and rast
running side-wheel passenger
packet
BART ABLE I
DhcK 4I.NoT, Master.
G. C. HAMILTON,
T. J. DownT, $ Clerks.
TU ILL leave New Orleans every aturday at
S5 P. n., returning leaves Grand Ecore
every Tuesday at 12 M., and Alexandria every
Wednesday at 12 x.
The steamer . '
will leave New Orleana'for Grand lEore and in
termodiate landings every Saturday at 5 r. u.
The steamer
will leave New Orleans for Grand Ecore and in.
termediate landings every Tuesday at 5 P. x.
This arrangement will continue until high
water permits the BAnT ASLE to resume her re
gular trips, of which due notice will be given.
For freight or passage apply on board or to
SJULES E. MESSI, Agent
1875. AGAIN ! 1875
LOUISVILLE WEEKLY
COURIER JOURNAL
Continues for the preent year its liberal
arrangement, whereby, on the 31st of
December, 1875, it will distribute impar
tially among its subscribers,
010,000
In presents, comprising Greenbacks and
nearly one thousand uitful and beautiful
articles.
The Conrier-Journal is a long-estal*
lished, live, wide-awake, progressive,
newsy, bright and spicy paper.
No other paper offers such inducements
to subscribers and club agents Circul'rs
with full particulars and specimen cop
tes sent free on application.
Terms, $2.00 a year and liberal pifers
to elubs. t f
Address, W. N. HALDAýIAN,
Pres. CourierJournal Co., Louisville, Ky
WEEKLY Friday Packet
For Grand Beore, Montgomely, Month of Cane
Rivet, Alexandria, Norman's Bar
bin's and all way landings
" on Red River,
The Al and very light draught
passenger steamer
SEMINOLE.
J. C. MrrcoE ., Maste. Jas. L. Robins, Clerk.
LEAVES New Orleans every Tuesday at 5 P.
S., arriving at Grand REore every Friday
at IS x. The Seminole willbe replaced by alarg
er boat when navigation permits.
Will make close connection at the Falls da.
ri.g extreme low water with the light draught
stee' Ldalamn. Passengers can be assured
tha.ttey willbe put thtongh without deten.
tion and shippers will bear in mind that freight
will be promptly delivered as in high water
time.
For freight or psse apply n board or to
J. 8. rrrN, Agent.
CITY HOTEL!
Corner CAIP and Gaeven Streets,
NiEW ORLEANS, LA.
IaIFOP II and WATISO, Proprietr.
Dec. 5-tf
WEEKLY AND DAILY FORl 17t75
The approach of the Presidential elec
tion gives nnunal importance to tht,
evenlts and ldevloplllnits of l8i º. We
dha'll endeavor to dtesctrihe t!he;lt filly.
faitilihfully, anld fIarlýs ~dy.
THEill WEEKLY 8UN has now aitain
,d a circulatiou of over sevelit: thou
a ndCltieS. Ite s readelrs are if1und iu
every State anti Territory, and its quali
ty is well known to the public. We
shall not only endetavor to keep it fully
fir to the old standlard, but to improve 1
and add to its variety and power.
THE WEEKLY SUN will contillllue to
lie a thorough newspaper. All the news
of the day will be hit)tld in it, contldens- t
ed wh(en unimportanit, at full length
when of infmint't, and always, we trust.,
treated in a clear, interesting and in
stlulctive niulniier.
It is oar aim to Ilmake the Weekly Sun h l
the blle·nt fnmilv newspallper in the world. t
It will be full of entertaining and ap
proplriate reading of v\ery solt, but will
plrint inothing to offend tilthe most scrlupl
lous,and delicate taste. It will always
contain the muost iuteresting stories and t
romances of the day, caretilly seleted t
aild legibly printed.
The Agricultural Department is a
prominent feature in the Weekly Sllu, a
and its articles will always be foiunlll
fresh and useful to the farmer.
The nnmliier of men independent ini
politics is increasing, andi the Weekly
Sun is their paper especially. It belongs t
to tno party, :and obeys no dictation, con
telnditg for principle, and for the election
of the best men. It, exposes the corrlup
tinu that di;:graces the country and t
threatens the overthrow of relpublican l
iustitutions. It has no fear of knaves, I
anid seeks no favors from their support
era.
The markets of every kind and the 1
fashions are regularly reported in its l
col uinus.
The price of the WEEKLY SUN is one 1
dbllar a year for a sheet of eight pages,
and fifty-six colnulns. As this barely t
pays exptnses of paperll and printing, we
are not able to make any discount or all I
low any Iprellinlutl to friends who may i
inake special efforts to extend its cirenla- 1
lion. Under the new law, which r- i
lquires payment of postage i:t advance,
one dollar a year, with twenty cents the
cost of prepaid postate added, is the rate
of subseription. It is not necessary to
get up a lnub in order to have the Week
ly S111 at this rate. Any olne who sends
one dollar ani twenty bents will got the
paper, post-pidd, for a year.
We have no traveling agents.
THE WEEKLY SUN.-Eight pages,
fifty-six columns. Only $1.20 a year,
postage-prepaid. No ,discount from this
rule.
THE DAILY SUN.-A large four-page
newspaper of twenty-eight columns
Daily circulation over 120 000. All the
news for 2 cents. Subscription, postage
prepaid 55 etnts a month, or $650 a year.
To clubs of 10 or over, a discount of 20
I per cent. Address,
"THE SUN," New York City.
THE
People's Vindicator,
FOR 1875.
We take pleasure in announcing to the
numerous friends of the IVINDICTOR,
that we have perfected arrangements for
the continuation of its publication upon
- a firm basis. The public are well aware
- of the difficulties under which the Con
servative press of Louisiana labor; the
infamous printing law passed by a parti
san Legislature, solely to foster and nup
| hold, at the expelnse of the tax-payers,
journals entirely antagonistical to their
interest, and at war upon their liberties,
and by forcing, uilder tlhe forms of law,
onr citizens to advertise in these offtlicial
papers, to break dlown their power, the
Colnservat.ive and DI)mocratic press; con
-sequently we are compelled to depetnd
for support upon the generous contriiu
tion of a people already lpoverty-stricken,
bhut we tifeel assured that they w il not
fail to snustain their main power in the
Swar of virtue against vice
The Fearless White lan's Press of
Louisiana.
The fiutnre tone of this paper can be
jidged from its past. We will continne
tt advocate to sueccessc, the rights of the
ITAXED, that honesty and capability,
ALONE, shall constitute groiuds for po
litical pteferment, and a contiunted and
never ensinng war upon Kellogg and his
cbrrupt otfficials-knowing themn to be in
common with their (Chief, both usurpers
and thieves.
We ean sesure the iubliOlthatlwe will
not hesitate to attack the acts of any po
liteical organuization, 'whe .we believe
them to be antagonistic to public good.
We are the servant of no clique or party,
Sand intend solely to proteet and defend
the righlts and liberties, in our honest
way, of the whole people-believing tlmt
we Ihave done sufficient service in the
cause of the PEOPLE in the past, we
confidently expectgtheir suppmortin Uthe
future.
TERMS:
1 Copy year....................... .3
1 " 6mos..................... s
(Invariably in advance.)
We thrnish as a premium to each paid
I up.subscriber, for.one year fromnt the first
jI of Ja nary, a fine STEEL ENGRAVING,
] 19x24 inches, of almost any Historical
subject.
l JAS. I. COSGROVIC,
Editor.
PELLI & AREAUX,
SPublishers. -
FLORAL GUIDE
.Foz* 1870.
SDUBLISHED QUARTERLY. JANUA
I ry Numberjust issued, and eontains
over 100 Pages, 500 Engraving, descrip.
v tions of muore than 500 ofour hiet flew
ers sd Vcletacble, with directions for cul.
ture, Colored Plate, etc. The moqt use.
ful and el gapt work of the.kind in the
wold. Ouly 25 ents for the year. Pub
e lished in Englsh and German.
Addres, JAMES VICK,
Jan. 16-1y. Boohester, N. Y.
A ILPAED QUaiJ lFOITil
THE
Detroit Free Press.
The liveliest of fatmully newspapers., fuli
. of intereting news, literature, humorous
t sketches, s)iy pargraph, etc. Sample
1 Copies free. Subscription $2 0 a year,
post-paid. Address
DETROIT FREE PRESS.
Detroit, MYit.
- BUIST'S CARDEN SEED.
TUIsT RECEIVED direct from the grow
f er, ill supply of the above eelebra
ted seed, onion sets, and early rose pota
toes.
Buist's Garlen Manuals for gratnitous
distribution at
Jan. i-if. TRICfEL & AIREY.
A Isp-reen tative asnd Chauin.tn uof Amý,riaut
Art Tate !
Prospectus for iS75--Eighth IeCr.
TiHl FART'I' JO;l: .,NA AM &I12I'A.
ISSUE)D MOY'1'IIT l.
"'A Magnilcmnt'Concption, wor.,e.rful!y
carried out."
The necessity of ai polpulr medium for
the representation of the prodlnotions ,of
ou1 greai't artists, Iihas always 1,eI(1 ir'c(og
nllized, :1!l iimanIy Iatte'i1pl.s hate fyen
im:14' to uinet the wait. T'lhle sic.es siv'
ti!,cres whici, so, icnvarihly tollh" eld "'h
attempt in tlits country to est ahliph :n
art journal, did not 1proVe the indill''
enlce of the people of Aneric'a to the,
claims of high art. So soon4 as ni prcner
appreciation of the want and an ahility
to meet it were sihown, the pIblie at
once ralliedl with entlhusiasun to its sulp
liort. and the result was ta rrent artistic'
an1 eominerei:l triumlph-T'lI hE A 1,l )INE.
THE ALtDINE, while issued with all the
rPgulnrity. h11s none of the telmpolra:r., or
thnrolyl interest ceharaectrCistic of or'diniary
lperidicals. It is an clegant mii'vll'ny
of pure, light aud graeefuil iiteratref'; :n1l
a collection of pictures, the rarest spec.i
ment4 of artistic skill, i: black an!u1 hite.
Although each succc~eding inunm!er :tiords
a tfresh pleasure to its l'riiids, the real
value allnd lH'uity of the A,.n,.N will hoe
itost appreciated after it hIs ie.I',n lucind
lup at the close, of the year. While othleri
journals may claim slnperi,,r clhe,;,!ess, a.t
comiepared with r rtals of a similar vl:ws.
the Ai,jixt. is a unique andl original con
efption--allone andl unapproalhed - abso
lutely wiihon t colllu' ition, ill price or
character. The piossessor of a complete
volulmlo catnot dluplictfe the glintlntity of
fin papel'r and cgnraving"s in any other
sll:hlpe or nin11ber of01'vohlns for' en t llles
its cost: and then, there is the Chromo
besides!
National feature of THE AL)WINE
must be taken in 110o narrow sense. Trite
art is cosmopolitan. Whil'e THlE AL
D)INE is a strictly American institution,
it does not confine itselfentirely i to th
reproduetiel of native art. Its. mission
is to cultivate a broad and ap.lprciative
art taste, one that will discriminate only
on gronlds of intrinsic merit. Thus.
whlile nlacinbefore. the patrons of THEl
ALPINE. as a leading charaeteritie, the
prodnctionsof the most noted Anlrienn
artists, atteition will always lie ivcen to
specimens from fore.ign nmasters, givingl
subscriher all threpleasure and intlrue
tiont obtainable from home or :foreign
sources.
The artistic illustration of American
scenery, original with THE ALDINE. is
an important featur'e, and its magnificint
plates are of a size more appropriate to
*the satisftietory treatimentt of details
than can canbe atirded by any inferior
page. The jlludicios interspersion 'of'
landscape, mar:ine, figure, and animal
snbjects, sustain an unabated interest,
impiossible where the scope of the work
confines the artist too closely to a sin !le
style of subject. The literature of TIlE
ALDINE is a light and graceful ncenim
paniment, worthy of the artistic fiea
tures, with only sneh technical diisx,'isi
tions'as do not interfere with the popu
lar interest of the work.
Premium for 1875.
Every subscriber for 1875 will receive
a beautiful portrait, in oil colors, of the
same noble dog whose picture in a for
mer issue attracted so much attention,
"MA~' UNSELFISH FRIEND"
will be a welcome in every home. Eve
rybody loves such a dog, and the portrait
is executed so true to the life, that it
seellis the veritable presence of the ani
nal iteclf. The Rev. T. De Witt Tal
nage tells that his own Newfioundland
dog (the finest in Brooklyn, barks at it, !
Although so natnural, no one who sees
this premium chronlmo will have the
slightest fear of being bittoen.
Besides the chromo, every advance
subnseriher to THE ALDINE for 1875 is
constituted a memlder, and entitled to
all the privileges of
THE ALDINE ABRT TUTNION.
lThe Union owns the originals of all
THE ALDINE pictures, which, with
other paintigs anid engravings. are to
be distribwed among the mnemlers. To
every series of 5.040 slbse.riers, 100 dif
ferent pieces, valued at over $2,500 are
distrilnted as soon as thile series is fiull,
and thile awards of each series as madntle,
are to lbe published in the nIext sinceed
ing issno of THE ALDINE, Tlhlis fea
ture only applies to subacrilers who pay
for one year in advance, Funll partihu
lars in circular .sent on application eon
closing a strunp.
TERMS:
One Sabscription, entitling to TIE
ALDINE one ye/r, lte Clhromo
and tlhe Art Union,
$6,00 per annum, in advance.
No charge for postage.
Specimen Copies of THIIE ALDINE, 50 ete.
The ALDrIs will hereafter he obtainable
only by snbscription. There will be no
reducned or club rate; cash for sonliscrip
tions mnst be sent to the publlishers direct,
or handed to the local canvasser, without
riespoinsibility to the publishers, only inl
eases where the certificate is givenl, bear
ing the fae-nimile signature of James
Sutton, President
CANVASSERS WANTED.-Any person who
wishes to act permanently as a local can
vasser, will receive full and prompt in
ormation by applying to
THE ALDINE COMPANY,
58 Maiden Lane, NEW YORK
POSII'IVELY NO CBOMOS.
FOR 1875.
Containing every weelk FORTY COL
UMNS of choice reading muat
ter, printed on clear, hand
some type, and line
white paper.
T'HE NEWS is edited by the Danbn
ry News Man; is contributed to by
George Alfred Townsend, the chief of
Newspaper Correspondents, and ether
excellent writers, who will furnish fresh
corresponudence from the leading cities,
and contribute to the editorial columns.
The NEWS has its own Scientific,
IFashion, Cbess and Puzzle editors; puib
lishes the best original :matter, the best
miscellany, and the freshest and best
miscellany, and the eseehst and best
stories. In all its departments it is
edited with sernpulous care, and, is, in
eonsequenaee one of the best Family
Journal published, Sample Copies free
--send for one.
TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION:
One Year............. ....... l00
Special reiteto Postn rs and club.
BAILEY & DONOVAN,
Danbury, 'en.
Th E BEST r . TRY iT.
B autifiIi lii iistrated.
The S('1 TIN'i'C, AMElUCAN o
iis . otl !·I it · cti,iu\"s :1114 11 itT \\ ("c! "'l :1iiri:
1111) o1 IIIV \ c v , O 1ytŽe ij11lt ut i th1e' i;I:
in the woi .l ·. A ew\olule("iulu;'
.httnl\ I' "1.-7 ..
Its':(:It'tlts tl ht'a('t` t lit' law"', :111!1 ;w ';1: irl
itllere'l sI ill's informal i!1:( 1 l,("t'llti tlil" II O
h i teiiti.s. 3ia . t!, 11it! I Oil.:ut i t i, tilt:;i I1c ; 0
"!'t ss (ºt flit. W orld ` ;tcl ii:: I~cr!:·
Bet 1'..'; ! IIiut ll--u i otiti 1imulove s . I *iu :nil
i n 11'Itriuu! n :!!ill Einltlo}'et~s. ll all llli;,
vat iouii oIln ?.
ithe s.'IL:NTIPIC' A~l1 'UCAN is l i.
tetllciimiu. to i' . oi M ii il
I-;;u'A i an, ix Mt" i tlLSrttt ft-' -
!'l' 1ºtttS I~ l )l tllill. I oil 1 11o Ith 'r t t('lU lR
fo tll e t 'ltt i. (nii~ti:iu ' Ill t- r \i t. liii Il-N
i ri ctif 8eitne aI i-at-ite Invti i t I *
I En i. 1It \i' , ti arti se 11 ,aOe 1 I'Vt .*\
An vt, itis teu. itilt 1 ilti - ptlots Workl;
pi-jie., 'i'tl i s:tl l nha *'.-.ta- ýliv r it :l":l..
41110' lttl li t d! . I'ul t! It u! i":itl:r l acil~ .
T,"i,". ;'aith; 'l'lc t'to pr w ll ltlllti o lt
1':11fi iE1ºy 114', ;tallies, 1:!t_; ' ,'"r,
ltl\'etlors, liitits '1! 1!1!' ti. ('lwll;k : fIu
ui's ofSiets. .1'ahe
1141. and I'1·;l itelt4iuadtj all.! 1s1tt!it$ 1
i httitlitch l, n C.,T tl:I l.ievs,.-·1:
cII'l l It til !t! 11 ii ,b1 havie it -etu. il ,juttt'Ct
i1(ttiru, iin'2lit~t, iii I ltSuettitice an((hltie)-i
Agtuiic* o-, ;. ii livtaie 201111 u tili le ie n' . t
thle:'e A~t i'atcue Thi It.iti Sl~uit ttn is.t l
Ai t war's '.'.lihl°s',top-tluit:, itlleN taor tnd
1I11 sboik V 1nltv ' ai1'1' ho'1_'I1t tiQ -t~t!' 1~l:i!
A~til!M; 1n(1 rt ralii'e 1 ualltl. Il rCICOili t.
P'.tuise I, $; Mt n a u.,t l,\ Puaik. 1i't
Wahntm Dr V. l ;.nctnt~i
*~iIanyN 1I1 la'5.-l"
WEEKLY ENQUIREIR,
A Paper for thell'eople, a Friend of the V
Fartnmer anl Industrial Class~s, I
A ~EAUTIFUL
NEW CHIIOMO
ENTITLED
"Perry's Victory!"
Girento revry $2 O0 Subscriber. s
This picture repreisents Cneo. Oliver II. Per
ry i1 the act of hpassig fro.m one ship ti, aniithier
in a smuall open hbat, during the heat of battle,
esxelscd to the fire of thi enemy.
It Measures 16 by 22.1 Inches,
Is artistically flnished inl tlh'Iieen clolors and i
udiollubll y th I le iist desiabtle c'1o everl
olftered as a pre'iinlin. Sinile copies ofit sell at t
$3 ,U. We have at a great. outlay sa'cred the l
(exclivet ctiltroli and sale 4o' it. an1d tiherefore
alre eaiilhed to piretlst it to ollr patl ions as 11 ,ove.
'1The E.Qr tell still stands pire Ueninetias a
lnst class NXIwsaper. Its various edop:artents C
all,,tted to
Editorils, Ilumorous, b
Aglriculture, P oetry,
C~orrespondence, TehlkraJ)dic
Anl General News. o
All give evidence of the care ndil pains taken 0
to supply its readelrs with all the news nod a 11
variety of reading that cannot fail to interest )
each and every menmiib* of' the lhousehledd. Sub
steribo thronlgh our agents or ind direct to us.
We desire an agent at every P'ost (ilie,. end 1
W.her1ie 14111 :1 yet ae.ppinitedi, lot soime of our a
friends apply fr the aoleney. t
Address 1
FAR, AN & McLEAN, Publishers, I1
CINCINNATI, O. f
The Saturday Evening Post.
The Oldest and Best Story Paper Pub
lished. a
FPanded August 4, A. D. 1821.
For more than half a centutlry the
Saturday Evening Post has been the r
GREAT LITERAIRY .WEEKLe t
of the Country, ptºd bas ever blonie a
widespread and unld,emished reputation c
for the unsurpassed purity, retinemient s
and excellence of the Seri:als, Sketches I
and Miscellaneous reading matter.
It i. pre-eminently
The Best Family Paper
that is published in this country, from its
never cotainiung anything that would
offend the feelings of any one, either ill
a religiouse or political sense, or flnthat
could not be read at ally fireside without
oljectionl from the most fastidious.
The circulation of the Saturday Even
ing Post, through not quite so large
perhaps, as its younger contemploraries,
1s not, like that of some of them, llluctu
ating, and too often short-lived, but
SURE, SOLID AND) SUIBSTAITIAL,
based 1upon the intrinsic merit of the pa
p'er itself and not dependept on any ex
trraneous intlences, such aS the lpolulari
ty of individtltl writers, &ce.
Good, however, as the Saturday Even.
ing Post has been in the past, it is our
intention to make it still better in the
future, and with this object in view we
will effect a marked improvement in eve
ry departnment of the paper, and will
call to our assistance writers of admitted
ability anld known reputation.
By increasing its former attractions,
and adding many judicious and pleas
ing Ilovelties, by studying how to plleatso
nid cultivate the lotpnlar taste,'by in
creasing industry and enterprise, anld by
enllarged facilities, we hoilpe to make new
frielisL with each anld every issue, and
lllntineli to maintai n the claimitl of the
Satlurday Evelilng l'Pt to its title of Tuii;
OLiEST AN)D THlE illsr' of Family Story
Papers.
[Terms to Subscrbers:
One year 1 COpy $.00 One ilOlitl 25
" 2 copies 5.0)0 T'wo lotito 150
" 4 copies 10.00 Thlree ilao. 75
S 9 copiecs 20.00 Four lno 1.00
To any one slendingl $20 for a Clnb of
9, all additional copy will be sent FREEI.
Specimen copies can le had on appl
eation. We Employ io Traveling Agents.
All communicatiolls lntlst be addressed to
R. J. C. WALKER, Propietor,
~ 727 Walnut Street,
Philadelphia.
1g ' Get youlr printing done at
the VrLDICATOR Job Office.
THE II ILLUS'I hA T I
WITHi WIilJti 9l INCOitPOCl;'ATEI'
i I! ! Its .i t luz J fl
I ., . 'l; i: : tiI fv, irti i, .ike it :
i!:,d, . f lit,, .'I :1 ,' chau .l: liesn e:;'1 !
.I i: . t : 1.1. a llh t!:hi: vi , ot, :.'IIe Iu:;l -
qf IIi' Itibie I'' itl N Vi:4 1 i ll N bt.:1, lt
ill he nl i, l , i Ui h: e:hi.tr i l 'h o' nis t or,
:,, 1 1o 'I I ', , l 'r.~ C nii.:! h rI', :i,' .:i ru el.
1 i. fill"':I '!:(l !.:l:trl"' 1'.t' 1':i:lll'll-"
,i:Z,! iii '0f i Ltri l': f a ·e :uiud itt
lItt II *l: . ils \i t 1t'fll I s ti i4) ] o ul lati
'i'1 I \ ii ' tll itlle i. 1 .c i 1:i. 1ilac 'i r i tic fil; -
Iur i, I'I,,.t: i :-L SI ,, The 1:11 -
•,t .Ii lit S,\ il 1':;!,11. :I 'uI ts ll r t'it it'ii l' i' -
yiv t 14i;,.i et uhlI l .;lace t inul;t:tully ti ara. -
tivi;i, s of u'"1,tsrip ,l l ,tive ht s Tl"io'r:on -
t.I SeCriai oe! i al-. 'li'a .s Poems, Pl' rsll ' 1 ..
lives,. iL it)i.ar L'rili .in.ut, ,'yhious. et(.l
i't. Etlh 'r "i th : : ti i" of c lh ,e alnd in:
1f slitn . lit i tiles 1 4 1 ig tf l ·rim ptlo uta
Iull still ! tu iii l k;Iay. A !ugly'g lilrliea -
! ic, 'i tbi E,:ll. i i(e . ,sit '1E ally thl oi l lse -
li;ltiv 4of t'C rI t f, \1'tpfi e11!ih
1l'1;1c4l' ','LY il.lSTI ATEID.
'l'th"'t iriorial ieri lli<hntil'r nts of t et
Main hit itsiult const U liodt,.ti gl onie
A1:4: : 11' hli rr,::, rltl 'nr e lllhi'Ullg Oil0 (f
ii 4 n lee : i'n t so ):'ive :, l n tle: , nrnliu.
iiTh ti:lne .(i oi n f thet lullisherl is to fur
ni>.s : ti Ia i lie':l \'i:i u Ish the' iu str l
it\e ill tie Ilu,ehohl. The Lihrar'y Sai
The 'i e l iail ' 1:o4o0i . -iv\'ii1g lls iill ndnib lic,"
4d t,. . llhr iu:" istno pol ul:r literatu ,e'
In: ifllr Iati ll for oll0th old :fti d yo1 ul .
w:irilic litht, orii l tiirt i nld .'oorl id frtlr,,
ili:o evtjilry t:l!y, ( :l ted ifokint it nerm*
t: t ill ' tl le '.".le oIhtl btl- 4 of the'
Anl oIN her. the ful girls, a olg oi'e
ihe llushutl ted l ineri h ld fbLoa IF t:
i:il, dt's 44 1'rr'i1 Pisliuleft DI)llpu'tnieil.t-.
ea, l m.l il ''r.col" sp t :c.ht l t l itit l ll;,
iell:n t , 'iL
1. S:;neith-ou;ier et iu of Dleriptior cs
Coi Triil, :ul Adv, 1 r t ,e re. Artialt to t4rie-.
Ta'ln sr;l! ,: iiii\ , lavishly alsd ap1º
lu'o ilr:.li yiv iltlt l t l itd.
W. Miselrelauy-- a ioi, lit ofliilliant ex
etrcts fron ltlrnwuii tlk, highlty ii Strtaill
not for k lth es o' or tale lt tierotl lmu*
thi~ g;s froui the lor1,'lt Fiori c11 Publica
entioe ietl d u l'apeer, oin Sciero ince lantir
Art.
3. lEule frhil tlha iirtIondiet-in which isL
given rllianit esay:: llupon al wide rlange
of sulijects.: (,,il topics dis ,use: ani
curr 'It iuncin and 1 h14linis glaucel at.
ol1. laell hlon DplSarnt lll'lt-ClilOalailllg a
reS'nulll of lthe Pais, LLtindlu and .il rew
York : 'lste hi L otill Itroat the Clbingr
vin,-s of t!:e latc.1 stvl,'s.
i5. Literary Notes-devohted to review:,
antil erit ir1;: 4li vl\l iho oks iui general
in fousribr rr.
fi. chilre's Colielartiled, lt-oit-rishing
iuitruction and eltaltitllenit to the
olo alnd Girls, anil tceilpt older pColet.
wTll have ,tl ng hearts. "i I lt embelish
ew ieh w ith hei h class ilhlstrationls tt'
Natural History, L Voneirtlidl cenery and
flicre iYicildeSi ts.
7. ]lousekeeper's Department - corn
riing llr inCi imatillnl and recipes, leiay ot
which are original and plubhlished fr the;
firt tme, -t collected the oeste i tveano
uthentllic sources. t
It will be the onstant ailu of thebi
HIousehohl Publishing Company to lmala
'tlE ILUTRATEIIl E YOUSEIHOL
WeAGZINE in the future, tis lerooe.s
HOilCelnod Miaga zine has bell in the I
THE BEST 1OLLAR MONTiHLY PUB-i
sparing tneither etfort, tronble lor tx
pollseo in ecringi the Best Writers I,
contrilitors, nld the liest Atist, s to pro
dcile il ultd C'iolos lo rihs dlivet ttges.
oult. oCe, ( r ywho will oalrrest 'ly Ilgagfl in
tue uineless of tociurig t ulsribir' expelr-.
not extlr for ipowtage r Tmile Unmloulr
l ClronIely- wish a liruo b ty I nail. i
A1l conlullrs tlooughly aind calultlly therC'
enthe el 41 Prle te iow, o'very ep-Yor.
porulitlly to rallize:tt, a ht lll't jUnt whtbly
lonr Premium and O ClubIlI L'his4ts.
ofellr grh n inlilcel nt file lwolrket. in. "c
our lifi ialsut rc',1ools litnd her llr',fif. hrv
he fre ill ioli a i; yiptultiitLy toi-pr uret
Slhioi;dl liislluti nls tI;it clU tihe tlt olmcail
ixerli Oins. 't istrA Prill &fis.tsiontll Wi
ahu ltl tilhtI:i iniy gr tiliey l1gthehr lierliy
i st e hI'ity orderiing frtm cf lhore Cibbh I.
cLiit. shilren i ii. Sci, ail i on matl 1 o nel I -
ionv de18ired iiiliclelS by obuailir.,g t,.h
SfYEARr Y U1. SCRIPTIO ..
2i2 ei Coiet uailed t., Bost-paid, t.
The postage witnhi t Unoitoed Stte
Di TenPe' Coel a 'e, are which urls t foi.,
twarded withi the fiht mluent o , ai tiole
new due. They oLw req reefirilg he prepi
SIels uito collet forward ond nste iti at ce..
- ed for rir ind otdineis.g aes
i sels anl'r e tlle Prmiuii t d hl'bbig
Suv.o ninu to or thi eebrato
' Sa. .--ti. A' ,'t