() F' F' ICIA [L
Paper oflhe Parish and City of Natchitoches
JAS. H. (OSRtOVE, - . - Editor.
SATURPAY, - - - JULY 14, 1877.
Our District Court. for t
If there is anything in this State
iusir
that needs the touching hand of re- s
form it is the manner in which our
distiict courts in the country parishes
are conducted. In the first place
they are made too expensive to the
tax-payers. If a person is accused of H1s
stealing a chicken off a en roost and eac
the case is hi ought up before the dis
trict court, the costs will amount to
at least one hundred dollars! or an'
other may be accused of stealing anu the
old sow, and the costs in this case d(es
will amount to one hundred and fifty
dollars! This, to our mind seems all e
wiong, and there must be a way to
right such a wrong.
These cases besides involving a his
!irge amount of expenditures, entail col4
loss on the planting interests impos
sible to recover. The laborers are e,''
called away from their crops just at
the time when their services are so pas
much needed, and the crops miss
that work and attention from which goo
they do not recover throughout the esln
season. It is safe to say that every iou
trial requires the services of at least fact
thirty-five or forty men for two or "zer
three days. First the accused is pre- col)
i:ented to the grand jury- witnesses for
must be summoned from different lic
parts of the parish, taken from their aeg
work just at tie particular time when
they should be at home, brought be
fore the grand jury, and then if a I]
"true bill" is found, they are made to
appear before thlii district court as A
witnesses, which to them is a serious tie
loss, and after all this trouble and ex- ter
pense, a petty jury brings in a verdict the
of "not guilty !" lHere the parish has era
been put to the enormous expense of pr
one or two hfhlnded dollars, perhaps fee
to satisfy the petty spite of some ali:
jcalous neighbor, or answer thie re- rc
vengeful hatred of some secret foe. cat
This expensive litigation requires bri
the serious attention of our next leg- pre
islature, and some means must he de- I
vised to cure this great evil, for our to
people can no longer stand it. These Mt,
pletty'cases must be kept out of the in
district court on the ground of justice
and economy. Taxation will ruin the tbe
best regulated government in the in
world, and the citizens of Louisiana Ni
at this present time, are far from en- to
"oying such a government. bo
The cry is for relief, and unless it nol
comes in some tangible form and mate- thi
rial shape, the prospects of our long mt
looked for prosperity will be blasted, uti
and immigrants detered from ever mc
seeking a home among nus. We are not
able topay high and ruinous taxes ful
and to no means must be devised for th
our relief. These cases of petty lar- co
ceny must be disposed of with less do
expense to the tax payer and with th
less bother to the planters. We do P
not offer any particular legislation, st
but think if our next Legislature will di
look at this matter in its true light I
and view it as men looking to the in- ai
terest of an impoverished constitn- tl
ency the remedy will not be hard to fi
find.
Special Notice.
Iooms of Joint Comnitte on Inrvesatigating
Auditnr's Oflice. >
N'ew Orleans, June 23, 1577)
All parties who, during the past a
five years, may have paid penalties '
on delinquent State tares are res- t
pectfully reqnested to furnish this
committee with a statement in detail
of the amounts so paid anti a des- P
ription of the property on which the ti
State taxes lhad acerued. h
Any parties who may be in pos
session of any information calculated
to throw any light upon such irregn- l
larities or frauds as may have been fi
committed in thle Auditor's depart- t
ment or any other branch of the
State Government, are earnestly re
quested to furnish same to this corm- '
mnittee, in writing, without unneces
sary delay.
Any party or parties who may have
any information relative to the ab
straction or present whereabouts of a
the books, papers, etc., missing from t
the Auditor's office, are requnested to I
communnicate same immediately to
any member of this committee.
If requested, communications or
information furnished will be cousid
tred confidential.
WILL STEVEN,
Chairman Senate Committee.
JULES ALDIGE,
Chairman House Committee. 1
CHAS. J. LEEDS, Secretary.
TAX PENALTIEs.-We beg to call
the attention of the tar payers ot this
section to the notice of the chairman
of the Anditional Committee in to
day's issue. Tlhose who have paid
penalties will do well to forward by
safe halnds their receipts to thIe chair.
man of that committee and he will
see what Iras become of tlhe money.
J. Henri Burelr, a negro radical
bummer, has been arrested under in
dictment for robbing the school
money of Baton Rouge parish, of
which he was treasualer. Burch had
better plead the "agreement," as it
seems the mecca of all scoundrels
who have, unfortunately for decency
and honor, enjoyed political position
in this State, and while as suchnell rob.
bed or committed other crime.
Piscatorial pleasure parties is
now the pleasing pastime of peace
lui patriots.
Mixed Schools. COt
We are glad to note that the pub- Iari
lic schools of New Orleans have been
remodeled and that the white and as are
colored childit"h-ave been separated. Irmer:
The Democratic party of this State is It li
a strong free school party, anxious eloque
and willing to affo,d ample facilities subjec
for the edncation of the youth of all words
classes, creeds and colors-but they pri"''le
insist that in order to lender these precht
schools efficient, the colored and friend
r In a
l whites shall occupy different school fll, l
houses; but the same tacilities, both sectioi
as to character, qualification and tit- to hir
ness of preceptors shall be afforded tion,:
each. vev t
The taxes are paid, as a bulk, by While
the whites--their money pays the his ti
schooling and they will require that his mu
u the schools shall be conducted as they regrt'
dcem hest. It is useless to talk of
social equality-colored people don't of n at
demand that themselves, and all the en
noise about it is confined to a few Col
such pig headed asses as Antoine and on Fr
a his class. We earnestly intreat the not a
it colored people to have nothing to do hithw
with those violent hitter negroes lead- youtl
.e ers, for harmll will result from their wholt
t leadership in futnre as it has in) the lied v
o past. truly
\We fully understand that to makre seltis
11 good citizens of the negro lie must he rare
educated and we ate therefore anx- iSt)ll
ious, as lie is to remain with us as a rtien
it factor, that lie should be a good cit
r .izen. We hope this last exhibition bravo
color equality will not bhe repeated, not o
, for it only harmes the cause of pub- trays
It lie education, anld through that the pisin,
r tiegro race. petra
- - - ct - --- frienr
'" Not True, he gr
a [pecial 'legramin to the N. O. Times.]
to WASHINTON July 4, 1877. inSO'
, At the cabinet meeting yesterday a timal
letter front Madison Wells, asking
the president to interfere in the mat
x- ter of his indictment, was read , and rollei
et the conclusion reached that the gen- and 1
as eral government was powerless in the now
of premises. The deft of opinion ex- li to
pressed by the cabinet was to the ef- for h
PS feet that Gov. Nicholls doubtless re
ne alized that these indictments were goes
,e contrary to the spirit of the agree- 'IT
ment by which matters were adjudi- ibeeli
cated ill Louisiana, and that lie would posit
es bring about an abandonment of the has
g prosecution.
e- Prominent cabinet ministers said
to day that the much talked of an- thost
Snoxation of the northern States of whoe
sC Mexico has never yet been mentioned voil
he in the cabinet. whic
cc The New Orleans Times, from which Ac
lie the above extract is taken intimated hy
he in a previous number that Governor true
na Nicholls had said that le was opposed love'
n- to the prosecution of the returning aimoi
board people under the lavw. We do dem:
it not helieve-nay, we feel assured in t1
le - the Governor is a man of entirely too h1ir
ng much sense to entertain, much less Sout
3d, utter any opposition to the enforce- 1st I
er ment of law. Pa
lot Mr. Ilayes and his cabinet know th
res full well, if they do not we do, that Cok
for this very question of absolving firom ii
ar- consequence Mat Well and Tom An- mar
ess (lcrson was discussed and rejected in uC
ith the agreement which relieved us of fill
do Packard. In fact it was forcibly pati
ton, stated that these thieves and scoun- At I
will drels who have for years past lecu- the
ght lated and plundered our property
in- and rights, should be amenable to i
itn- the law, where they bad violated it, ed
I to for their conduct. the
Governor Nicholls has nothing to the
do with the matter-it is a question con
purely for the courts to determine ; a nei
ng branch of tihe government of our the
State owing no allegiance to co'-ordin- wi
past ate with, anId as high a the Governor. r
ties We are sorry to see lending journals
m0
rcs- talking glibly of Governor this, and
t President that, interfering with the Co
des- process of our courts. It smaks en- gil
the tirely too much of Grantism and Kel- HO
loggism. to
0- The people of this section, and we at
loubt not thic express tbe aver kit
wen feeling throughout the State, are de- cc
art- terminedly anxious that all politicalI no
the malefactors should Ire lpunislced for g
om violations of law, and more particn
ces- laiy are tihey solicitous that Mat to
Wells and Tom Anderson shonld feel
S the utmost rigors of the law for their at
a of outragons disregard of our rights, and
From the infattous violation of the very St
d to principles of our liberty-the sacred- en
to ness of tihe ballot box. re'
or If we do not punish these fellows, th
isid- then all hope of purifying our State ge
civil service is at an end. Men cat hr
commitcrime in office with perfect Ii
e. impnity. Our people insist on tile
e. punishment of all these fellows and if
they aie condoned by any person in 1l
our party, woe be unto him. of
call I--. di
this A correspondent wants to know: c
"Can a Christian go to the circus" "n'
man hy, yes, he can go to the circus m
U to- easily enough, but it will cost himn a
paida quarter whentl he gets there to fc
d by get in ; that's where the shoe pinch- ti
hair- es. Yon see a Christian is always c4
will too proud to carry water for the t,
ey. elephant, andl that's were the sin- p
ner has the advantage over him j
dical in thematter of free passes-Bar
r in- lilgto Hfawkeye. b
chool ----~ ~~ Il
Ladies will find relief from their b
h, of beadache, costiveness, swimmoing in h
Shad the head, colic, sour stomach, restless
as it ness, etc., etc., by taking Simmons'
idrels Liver Regulator. ii
Persons living in unhealthy locali- a
cone ties may avoid all bilious attacks by I
i taking a dose of Simmons' Liver r
rob- Regulator occasionally to keep 'the
liver in healthy action. It should be
used~by all persons, old and young.
It is not unpleasant, is a purely veg
etablecompound, is not iAisions to
eatce- th. most delicate constltation, and a
•will keep the liver in health4by action.
COLONEL ROSS EDMUND uonst:
BURKE. faith
Rarely is a community atflieted with "nusta
such general grief and profound sorrow, Apro
as are caused by the death of COL. Ross The d
EDaSND BUKKE. Lies d
It has been said, that "silence is the Frie
eloquence of woe ;" and here, where the 11o1eol
subject of this article lived and died, time n
words of eulogy are not necessary to ing c
perpenate his memory, or testify the ap- smiles
preclation in which he was held by his other
friends, comrades and feillow-citizens. siirroiu
In a life, not long, but soniwwhi event- heat
ful, he was known to thousands in every name
section of our land, whom he had hound ner ta
to him by ties of friendship and affec heart,
tion, nnd to whom, these lines will con and gl
vey the first intelligence of his death. as I k
While they are not needed to keel) alive loved
his remory or remind those friends of ship a
his manly virtues, they will, at least, be tune.
regarded as a just tribute to his worth, solatil
and anl evidence of that grief for his loss, leviat
which must lind explression in the hoar good
of attliction, in the outlouring of la- into I
mentoation that cannot be repressed.
Col. Burke left this for a better world,
on Friday, the 5th of July,1877 ; although
c not a native of Louisiana, he was brought 1A
nhither y hi paret i his pareits in h very early eo', d
- youth: his education. associations, and and
r whole history are connected and identi- ith
e lied with this State, whicih lie lIved most
truly, and served rmost t'ithfnlly and utin
, seltishly. Endowed by inture with the ed b
rare gifts of quickness of pcrception. Cles
soulndness of jllglllml(t an acttenless of attC
intiellect, lpossssi rg the highest ;:uil most 'itl
Srefinred sense of honor, trouthfnlness and
integril y: senitive, Jiit not qenruilins, we
1 brave, but not arrogant, charitable, ibut tlid
I, not ostentatious, generous, but not ex- for i
t- travagant, honest i every thouglht, des- till
e pising mean acts and scorning their 'per
petrators; true and unvarying in his
friendshis as the needle to the mragrnt; ;1.
he grew year by year from youth to matn- busi
hood, into the wair affections and lov- alm
ing regardl of all with whom hle was
associated, and who were capable of es
a irrmatimating his sterling worth, genuine
manhlood and intlexible probity. As timte o
l rolled on, these noble qunalities of minld W
.- and heart became more intensified, and fBoo
c now that lie has removed from his earth- tll
c- Iv to his heavenly hote, a wail of sorrow but
f for his loss, or rather for his separation,
goes torth from all who knew him.
' There have lived men. whose fame lhas
- been more wide spread, who have lilled ity
d positions of greater rewlnn. bulit nlo mlrn dl'i
se has lived and died who had stronger, o1lds
lhigher claims on the love and affection of hen
1. those in whose midst lie spenit his life, or 110t
of whose passing away leaves a greater d
dI voil in the home circle and the society
which lie adorned. Sell
h Actuated by a sense of dity, animated s110'
d by a spirit of patriotism, impelled by
r true courage at the tirst call of the he
d loved State of his adoption, he was ]
ig among tlhe foremost to respond to the Jun
to demand of Louisiana, and enrol himself
°d in the ranks of the army in defence of J
1o her rights, andt those of her tstl'r phe
s Southern States. Front the position of 1
1st Lieutenant of the first Company rats- 1d1
ed for the Confederate service in the ,
Parish of Natehitoches, hlie soon rose, as tun
thIe just reward of his merit, to tile I
at Colontelcy of the 2nd Regiment of Lon- Jul
I isiana Volunteer Iotfatry, and upon cog
n- many a well fought field, whether in ca
in success or defeat, hlie illustrated in its Iin
of fiull measure the character of the patient,
>13 patriotic, brave nrd chivalronrs solicer. uo
In- At the fearfiul hattle of Oettysrhurg, above I
- the storm of shot and shell, his manly Jli
rtform was seen, hIs riniging voice wls Vs
heard, and thIe historic Cemetery HI[ill J"
t was crimsouned with his blood. Wond- til
ed alnost unto death, he was left ipon ct
tile fatal field and fell into the hands of
to the victorious Federal troops. His iron Co
ion constitution and unflinching will and
; nerve sustained him, and these, aided by Sy
iur the careful attentions of hIris captors,
in-whose kind feelings he won iy his in
or trepid boldness and manly character, al.
)al saved him from a death which seemed al- ho
most inevitable.
On the termination of our civil war, Al
te Col. Bmrrke returned to his home and en
i gaged in active mercantile business.
ecl- Here, where hle i· known, it is unnecessary
to state that hlie enjoyed the confidence re
we and esteem of all our people. Howj
age kind, obliging, self sacrificing and servi- cn
de- ceable hlie was to this commnitvy, need er
icnI not he written; the recollections of his si
for generosity, hlis character, his readiness A
icn- and earnestness in rendering assistance
Mat to all who asked it of him, are indelibly s
engraven upon tlhousands of hearts, and
feel only tile blacknress of ingratitude would ir
heir attempt to erase therr. pl
it Devoted to the true interests of hiis
rS State and all her people, his efforts were ti
red- enthuisiastically diirected towards their
redemption firon had government, and C
s, their restoration to genuine peace and at
tate general prosperity. No mant in Lonisiana
cai has contributed more by personal effort, C
rfect influence and labor to bring about that 1
tie redemption than our deceased friend.
Id if The ways of Providence are inscruta
a in dble; it is not for finite beings to judge A
of thie decrees of the Infinite. In His
divine wisdom, it has pleased the great ti
ow: Creator to remove froim earth and take
uIt " Into himself our beloved friend. In the
reus meridian of life, in the 46th year of :is
hi m age, he has been called hence. Life had a
Sto for him many attractions. A loving wife, ti
nch- three sweet little children in the inno
F.S cence of infancy and early childhood, r
the troops of dear friends, a happy houe, a
811- promnising fiuture on earth; all thesej
hi b formed a cluster of happ:ness and hope
t- which made life pleasing and inviting;
but, disease in insidious form attacked I
the citadel which had never yielded to
t heir human foe, or parleyed of surrender to
g in human enemy; yet, as the inevitable
no doom became fixed and certain, as death I
in sombre form and with pallied hune
)cali. approached and laid its cold hand upon
ce by him, the rare courage, the true nobility
iver which ever marked and adorned his
I 'the character, asserted themselves, and he
Id be met his fate with calmness and compo.
veg- sure, yielding 1t;o the summons without1
ato futile repining, and relying upon the
and gracious mercy of his God and Saviour,
ttion. whom he loved and trustcd, not in de
nlonustrative display, but in tcrteti'y (if
faith and hope, and l
"Sustained anl soothed by an imfalter- ti
ing trust,
Approached his grave like one who wraps C
Thri drapery of his conuch about him, and
Lies down to pleasant dreams tl
Friend of many years, blessed he thy
memory Years may come and go: I
time may bring its many and its sadden- ti
Sing changes; lprosperity may shed its
smiles, or adversity cast its frowns:
other seens m;ay rise; other friends mayu
s irrouni me, but while my pulse shall
heat. while menotiy holds its sway, thy T
name W ill rena.in cllgraved upon tlihe in- o
I tier tablet, in hlie sacret rect'ses of my
heart, clierishld with holy recollect'('ions
and glowing pride. 'T'o have known thee
as I knew thee, to have loved thee as I
loved thee, to have eyjoed thy friendl
f ship and confidlencee as was iny good tfor
tuine, afford in their reouembirantle a conl- I
solation whilch mitigates i.y hiss and al- rI
lev iates the pain of partin . ;. y It heF
r good God bless thee and take 1,y sonl
into his gracious and mulercnifhl keeliug !
L.
Dust. J.D t
After a long spell of dry weath- son e
er, during the hot months of June tr
aiid July, our streets are covered Soml
-ith an average of two inches of tift.
Jar
dust. This substance is dlescrib- Judi
ed by Webster as "fine, dry, parti- Ma
cles of earth or other matter, so Doc
attenuated that it may e raised l.
and wafted by the wind ;" alas, Ja.
ct il
we need not go to Webster to of pa
t find the true definition of dust, Ca
foir day by day, from dewy morn
till starry night, we have it float- Ca
ing in clouds through the atmuos- lien.
phere in our streets. Persons on trict
business or pleasure bent, drive Judp
along unmindful of the unhappy peIC
denizens who must perforce, live tS
in and breath this hurtful and Judn
noxious sea of impalpable powder. St
1 We have read in the Good AG
I Fook somewhere, that "God rais- Ju dý
eth up the poor out of the dust tiff
but this kind, providential act, Ezer
we are certain, has never been
vouchsafed to the people of this
( city, and if those who ride and idea
n drive will not remember us, our h
r, only chance will be to grin and
'I bear it as best we may, hoping,,
r not to bie raised up out of the
dust, but that the good Lord will
send down upon us his refreshing
d showers.
CIVIL DOCKET,
Is 17lh Judicial District Court.
e June Term, Natchitoches, Louisiana.
if
of Joseph Chaileville vs. Jas. G. Ste
hr l lh.e cet ,al., luldgLmlelnt si:rn,d "n, ne
of pro tune favor of plaintiff.
'T. J. P'irtle vs. Eliza llendl(rson, Il1
Administrlatri. A. Carnahan, and Jas.
he Cobb. Judgment signed "numc pro
as tun"' favor of plaintiff.
he Harris Jaffa vs. W. 11. Hendrick,
n- Judgment favor of Plaintiff with re
,n cognition of privilege. il1) trxed as ,*
in costs; Curator ad hoe. fees, -
T. E. Tauzin vs. T. Lacoste. Cor
its
tinued.
it, W. 1'. Kellogg, for use &c., vs. F. ed
er. i olcombc et al. Continued.
I' P. A. Simmons, President Police Pl
uly Jury, and Clha's. Leroy, Treasurer, ,nn
gs vs. I). II. Bouilt, Tax Collector. trill
[ill Jidgment dismissing suit at Plain- eoa
tilf's costs. Signed '"nitc Ipo tune." of 1
A. F. Armand vs. Gerome Messi, "W
Ion et al. Continued. d
of 0. Capmartin vs. Valentine Sers.
roll Continued. ind
aId Jules Normand vs. A. E. Lemee, the
by Syndic. Continued. are
SGerome Mlessi vs. F. .hini and of
r Bros. Transferred ti, u,,,.ket. cei
- State of La., vs. .Ili l ainms et le
ter, al. Judgment annulliiý; tne of
al- bond.
Catharine Jones vs. A. , 1npre,
rar, App't. Continued.
en- F. A. Metoyer. Alpp't. s. M E.
Lacour, wife of L. Balthllzal et al. Co
Ju(gment setting aside formier judg loy
ary meat of this Court, dismissing appeal, of
ue revelrsing, avoiding and annulling ie
low judgmedt of the Lower Court In this nI
rvi- case, and annulling judgrnort ,of Low- SW
[eed er Conrt in case ,o. 119 onil Docket of
'I said Court.
is F. N. Chietettre vs. J. C. T'richel, S
Administrator, and V. A. Barron, C
neSheriff. On motion, plaintiff's Coun
bly sel dismissed, at plaintiff's costs.
and G. M. Bayley & Pond vs. Mrs. Ju- (5
mid lia Flemming. Judgment in favor of FA
plaintilt's for' $600.
Rebecca Sompayrac vs. C. L.
Vi Walmsoley, Agent, &c., et al. Con
rero tinued.
heir E. B. Willis & Co., vs. J. J. Mc
and 'Cook & Bro. Judgment dismaissing
and at plaintiffts costs.
inna Theresa Barnett vs. Catherine
fort, Chlelettre. Judgment dismissing at
thpt laintiffs costs.
O. Capmartiu vsre. Catherine Chelet
tre. Judgment for Plaintiff.
uta- Th ho. Scluman vs. Sam. Ilynes,
dge Agent. Dismissed at plaintiff's costs.
is Clariesa Fox vs. Thomas Fox. Con
tiuued. at
raet Carson & Armstron vs. WVm. Payne
te Ct el. J(ldgmIent of revival, favor of 4(
thC. L. Wahmsley.
f:is J. W. Cockerhamu vs. RII. F. Ilarri. re
had son et al. Judgment favor of plain- a
vife, tiff.
uno- Antoine Peran vs. C.ispari & Diet- N
ood rich. Case taken under advisement. n
C. Chaplin special Judge.
, a J. WV. Cockfield vs. E. J. Cockfield.
these Judgment favor of plaintiff as per
hope verdict of jury.
ing; Flash, Lewis & Co., vs. Rpseell &
cked Barbee. Judgment for plaintiff's. 1
ed to A. P. Cockfield to District Court
er to Judgment favor of plaintiff, homolo- h
gating monition. Appeal taken to
Supreme Court by defendants, Har
leath rison and Levy.
hne Mathilde Doremns, Superior, &c.,
upon vs. Valery Gaiennie. Continued for
bility revival.
his Heloise Metoyer, transferee, J. A.
Id he Ducorneat vs. Valery Gaiennie.
Continued for revival.
Hieloise Metoyer, Transferee, H.W.
tot Powel vs. Valery Gaiennie. Contin
s the ned for revival,
viour, Pierson & Levy vs. Valery Galen
in de- ie. Continued for vevival.
Ifeloiso Metoyer, Transferee, Ben.
Wolfson vs Valery Oaieunie. Con
tinued for revival.
Clement Perot vs. Valery Gaiennic.
Continued for revival.
C'aspari & Dietrich vs. J. E. Pro
thro. Judgment favor of Plaintiffs.
Caspari and l)ietrich vs. Louis Mo
nette Jr. Judgment favor of plain
titfs.
C. L. Walmsley vs. - L. A. Buard
and Emile Cloutier. )ismissed by
Comit on his own ºutioni, for' want of
jurisdiction. a
Walnmsley, Carver & Co., vs. II. F.
Trichel. Disnii ssed at plaintiil's costs,
on motion pliuutiffls ('oun5(1 . t.
Walinsley & C(o., vs Cha's. L. Pe
rot. JAd gment of revival, favor
plaintiffs.
Walnsley, ('arver & Co., vs. Lau
rena F. Davis. Judgmenit of revyi- 1
val favor of plhintil's.
C. L. W\alsleh' vs. L. A. Hlo ard.
l)ismissed by Jundgo for want ofju
risd iction.
C. L. Walhnsley vs. A. A nardll anld
Emile Cloutier. Disnmissel) by Judget
for want of jurisdiction.
Jno. Laplace et al., vs. A. E. Le c
nice, Svndlic. Suit dismissed for want
of jurisdiction.
J. WV. Cockerhan vs. R. F. liarri
son et al. Judgmnent favor of plain
titll
Mrs. M. C. Janii vs. Mrs. Jules
Sompayrac. Judgment favor of plain
f lift.
Jas. S. Steliphens vs. Sani'l. Parson.
Judgment favor of plaintiff. i
Mary C. Hlunter, Adlm'x., vs. T. C.
Donovan. Judnient favor of llaintilf.
Martin F. Scott vs. 1). II. lioullt et
I al. Judgment favor of plaintiff.
Jacob A. Wolfson vs. II. C. Mvers
et al. Jtldgment of revival, favor
of plaintiff.
Caspari & Dietrich vs. L. Van
3 Schoubrock. Judgment favor of plain
tiffs.
Caspali & Dietrich vs. Win, . Gal
lien. Judgment favor of plaintiftl's.
State of La. cx rel. W . l. aIll, Dis
trict Attorney, vs. II. C. Myers et al.
SJudgmient in favor of plaintiff. Sus.
7 pension and devolutive appeal taken
to Supreme Court.
SIHenry C. North vs. Win. 3M. Levy.
ii Judgment favor of plaintiff.
State of La. ex rel. F. llonbly vs.
Geo. '". Kearney. Continued.
Ar. Miltenberger vs. C. Blanchard.
Judgment of revival, favor of plain
* tiff.
Marie Josephine Flores vs. Joseph
t, Ezernack, her husband. Continued.
Wo are to have 'in our midst a res
ident Episcopalian minister, much to
the delight of that congregation.
T. S. FOSTER JL.,
WITH
ORR & LINDSLEY,
-MANUFACTURES AND JOIBIERS
BOOTS and S'HOES.
ST. LOUIS, MO.
.Tnly 1--C(m.
I. 1) ' WORRALL,
WITH [
SIMMONS' HARDWARE CO., ,'
--IMPOIITERS 01'- i
lRD I .IRIE A' CUTLER i. an
Pr
ST. LOUIS, MO. tl
July 14-6m.
NOTICE.
Section No. 104. of Act. No. 96, approv
ed April 20th. 1877, provides: "That it
shall be the duty IA the Presid'ents of ill -
Police Juries throughoghout the State, an
nually in the month of September, to
transmit to the Auditor of Public Ac- TI
counts a detailed report of the condition
of the parochial aftairs, giving a state
IenIt of thlie rate of taxation, the amount
of dislursemients, and the outstandi:ng
debt, if any."
Therefore all persons holding parish I
indebtedness of any kind, must present I
the same to A. E. Lenee. l'arish T'reas- el
urer, for Registration lbefore th Ist day s
I of Seltleber next, as it will not be re- al
ceivable in payment of parish taxes un- di
t less so registered
f WWM. PAYNE,
June 23. President l'olice Jury.
Extract from Minutes.
Be it ordained by the Mayor and City
Council ot Natchiltoches, 'hatl time fo- 1.
lowing Estimate of Expenses of the city ti
of Natchitoehes for the tiscal 'year, 1877, i
he published for Thirty Days in the t,
Smanner prescribed by law, viz :
Salary of Mayor............... $400 00
• " Secretary & Trca'sur. :100 00
" " Policeman . ...... (100 (10 t
Sustainment of Paupers........ 700 00
I epairs of Bridges and Streets. 1000 00
' Contingent Expenses ......... 500 00 a
$3,500 00
(Signed) C. F. DRANGUET,
>f [Attest] JNO. LAtrLACE, Mayor. a
Secretary.
A.True copy.
1- JNo. LAPIL.CE,
Secretary.
July 5th, 1877.
le For Sale.
t. 1 Corn Crusher. 1 Carry-Log
1 t( seat Carriage. 1 Cotton Press.
1 Eagle Gin Stand, 70 saws.
I Pratt Gin Stand, 70 saws.
nI1 Grist Mill complete.
n 3 Sets Running Gear for Gin Stands
and Mill.
e 1 Gin House, frame, in perfect order,
of 40x95 feet with 12 feet gallery all around.
1 House 48 feet by 21, with front and
.rear gallery 12 feet wide, with 4 rooms
and cor ridor.
1 Cotton Press, Compass.
For ternms, apply to J. A. DUCOUR
" NEAU Jai., at Natchitoches, or to me at
it my store ou Cane River,
July7-2mo. J. J. A. PLAUCHE.
d.
er NOTICE.
& ALL cost bills due me as Clerk of the
Court, have been placed in the
hands of Daniel Scarborough for collec
tion. All persons are notified to pay to
0- him, and him alone.
to H. P. MEZIERE,
tr- June 9. Clerk.
f JOSEPH C KEYSER,
A. Brickmaker and Layer.
tie. -
IS PREPARED to do all work entrusted
W to him quickly and in a workmanlike
in- wanner. Tomb, Chimneys, Cisterns and
other work solicited.
Orders left at BULLARD & CAMP
Cb BELL will be promptly attended to.
Jan. 27, ly.v,
JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMENTS,
SHERIFF'S SALE.
Marin C. Brosset, surviving Ex'toi.. .c.
VS.
Chastan D. M3etoyor.
District Court No. 7.,51.
BY tvittne of a writ of Fi Fa. i.sned by
the IHon. the District Court in and
for the parish of Natchitoches and to me
directed. I have seized and will offl'r for
sale: to the last and highest bidder at
lthe d4oor of tho Courtlhouse ill the city
and paris'h of Natchitoches, on
,att ltrday the ltlh day, of A (yqnls 1º77,
thel f dlowiong d(scribecl propc'rty, to wit:
(1l0t)) one hundred and foity acres of land
situated on the left bank of Cane River
desce'udinug, and known as the Chantan
1). Metoyer plahe, said lands are oInud
ed north by lands of Madame Viuve Sera
phini Met over. East by thle Woods, Sothll
by lands )of Mathew l Iertzog, :od West
hv (Can River togethe'r withI all the
Ibildlingl11 and im ovementls thereon and
thereto belonging, also all of tlhe present
grawing crops, two ('2) mnles branded
C. M, one voke of (Oxen branded C. M1.
two (2) Plows, two (2) Sweeps, (one' (1)
Hlarr(ow, on(e Sorrel Horse, onei pair trace
chains, anil one (1) Ox Wagon.
Terms of Sale.
Cash-\.itIi henefit of apprai iomnt.
D. II. BOULLT', I. .
July 14-tds. Sheriff.
NOTICE.
Succession of Jules Lambre,. Dec'd.
PIEIIRE SERI)All PIRUI)IIOMME hav
i inj ailpplied for the administration of
the Snecession of Jules Lambre, dec'dl.,
no1tice' is hereby given to whom it may
concern, to show cause within ten days
t of this date, why the appliention of the
petitioner should not be granted.
P. A SIM3IMONS,
r Jnly 14-2t. Parish Judge.
n NOTICE.
Succession of Pierre Serange, dec'd
L OUIS Li:PAULMIEP, having filed in
- this office his petition praying to be
appointed Curator of the succession
- of Pierre Scrange, deceased, notice is
i. hereby given to all persons int'erested to
. how cause within ten dat's from date
11 hereof why the application of petitioner
sh(4old not be granted.
Witness the lion. P. A. Simmons, ,judge
of sail court, this 1ath day of July, A. I).,
1577.
BI JNO. LAPLACE,
July ll-2t. Deputy Clerk
SllEI t'F"S SALE.
Ca
WRIT o01r . FA. oN TFWEILVE MoNrils Al
SY VIRTUE of a writ of fl. fa, issued He
1) vby the Honorable the Parish Court of Co
the parish of Natchitoches and! to me Cu
directed issued on a twelve months bond So
of M. J. MlcTier and C(. J. C. Puckette in Co
favor of Jno. M Sandidge & Co., or Jack
& Pierson, their attorneys, I have seizedl Si
and will offer for sale to the last and
highest bidder, at the door of the court
lhouse in the city and parish of Natchi
toches on
Saturday the 4th day of August, 1877,
the following described property to wit:
A certain lot of ground with the buihl
ings and improvements thereon, situated
in the city and parish of Natchitoches, on
the \Vest side of Jefflrson street meas
nring ninety feet on said street with a
dept of one hundred feet, boltunded abovel
by Bayou Amulet and below by proper
tv of Mrs. M. J. MecTier, seized as the
Slroperty of Mrs. M. J. McTier.
Also a certain lot of ground eituated C,
:-. 1... r ..1 i.r ' of, 1 Natelituech1s w
with all the butildings a.ld IltIrovemellnts I
tlhereon situated oi tihe West side of Fa
Second street, bounded on t he Sottlh l II
Siblely street East by Second street C
Northl by lot now owned by J. U. Pa;yne. p
a:nd onll the West by lot owned he Ellen Eu
Price, seized as the property of the de- B
ftndant C. J. C. Puckette.
Term of gale. P
CASH - without the benefit ofappraise- B
ment. P
D. II. BOVLLT, JR.
it .June 23-tds. Sheriff.
11 - ------------- -
n- SHERIFF'S SALE. F
to - II
c- The Western Electric Manufacinring Co.
in vs. Merchants' Ul'iou Telegraph Co.
V- [No.161.]
it In thile Ith Judicial D)istrict Court for 1
the Parish of W\1ester, La.
h Y VIRTUE of an order and writ of
nt setizure andl sale issnued in the above I
L- entitled case andl out of the court afore
ly said and to inc directed, -I have seized I
e- and will off r for sale at the court house E
In- dtloor in the city of Natehitoehes on I
Saturday the 4th day of August, 1877,
within the legal hours of sale, for cash,
subject to appraisement the following
desertibed property seized as the property I
of said Defendant viz : The Telegraph
Line from the parish of Red River to the
t parish of Grant running through the par.
it ish of Natchitoches together with the of
tice fixtures, batteries and appertenanees
, in the town of Campte and the office fix
he tures batteries and appertenances in the
city of Natchitoches; also including all
00 the wire, poles erected, insulators and
00 right of way on said telegraph line from
D the line of Red River parish through to
00 the line of Grant parish, including all
00 the fixtures, improveameuts and other
00 appertnances thereto and belolnging to
- said D)efendanlllt Merchant Union Tele
00 graph Company." with all the rights of
way or other privileges of said Defend
ant in the said parish of Natchitoches.
D. H. BOULLT, Ji.
June 23-tds. Sheriff.
Notice.
OFIC'Ei (O, STATE TAx CoI.r.c'Ton,
NATcmrTOCr Es, LA., June 8, 1877. I
ATTENTION of Tax Payers of this
Parish is called to Sec. 51, of the
Revenue Act of 1877, as folows :
Sc. 51. Be it furo'lfr- anactled, tch.,
That as soon as furnished with blank li
censes the tax collector shall give notice
ids to each person liable to the payment of a
license tax that payment thereof must
her, be made within fifteen days, and in case
11l of failure to pay such license he he shall,
ant within twenty days front said notifica
tion proceed to seize and sell, after ten
days advertisemlent, property of the de
linquent to satisfy said license.
S.:c. 53 directs the Collector, on the -
at 1st Monday of November to file with the
Recorder a list of all unpaid taxes.
The filing operates as legal seizure of
the property, andt will bear 8 per cent
interest. On the 1st Monday in Decem
her all piroperty 0o seizedl will be soldl at
tle public auction, without appraisement.
the Ieing mandatory, the Collector has no
hcc- discretion but to execute the law, and it
will be done to the letter.
y to L N LANE,
Juie 9.-.tf. Tax Collector.
Notice.
ALL persons owing Taxes and Licenses
to the city of Natchitoches are here
hy notified that I will enforce the pay
sted nelnt of the samne as directed by Ordi
hike i nantce passed July 3l, 1877.
and Pleaso notice ordinance and save cost
of suit.
- Office on St. Denis t reet,
LEON GRIENEAUX,
City Tax Collector.
COMI'ILED AND CORREC~rED WEEKLY up
CI-AS. L.'HEI:ISSO(N,
[For the VINslcnc or.)
Tlihee figures represent round lot pri
ces; by tetail, higher prices wilt lhave to
be paid.
COTTON RECEIPTS.
Received I'trviolsly 5'74 bales
Received this ~r tk -
'!tal es
FINANCIAL.
(Gold- $107L
Silver
Pa ish Warra.it
Old-1-:le.
New-50e.
City WV'rants-73 a80c.
GROCERIES.
Cii:--New York cream 15d41G
(Choice W\\ shteru la 2L'
Ilr :nll}y Cire.lies-. 75 per d,z.
SVinegar--l't , pv |wr gallon
RICE:,-Pl'rinle 7i' .a 1 t.
Good 74e.
Fair rti,.
Salt-$1 :35 per sack.
Starch 4-, 5c.
Candlels-- 3i 14
Whiskey--S1 1.3-$3 75 j, gallon
Coflve-206t24c per lb.
BREAD STUFFS.
Fi.oun-- Blds $5 50%,C 50
Barrells SS 00)11 00.
Cornmeal--$1 5 per bll.
Grits-$4 75 per bbl
GRAIN AND FEED STUFFS.
Oats-55c'5` per bushel.
Bran-$l 15@-- per 100 Ibs.
Wheat-White YWestern $2 30 per bnus
PROVISIONS.
B.ºcox--Shoulders 4f 67c.
Clear Rib Sides 1109.
Dry Salt Shoulders 7}@
Dry Clear Rib 9t4@ c.
Clear Sides 106101.
Lard-Tierce 10@11c.
Mess Pork-$17d $25 50 per bbl
IIA.xs-Choice 121af
Ordinary 11I4
8. Paern--ll @l2}.
Pig Pork--Half hbls. $9 00 '
Pig Tougues--6S e a piece.
Pigs Feet-none in market.
Balogna Sausage-10'a 12c per lb.
Beef-Fulton, $10 75 per j hobls.
Oranges-- 4 50o5 00 per bbl.
Onions--.Western. $5 50d$6 50
Cabbages- 10 q 12.
Apples-$3 75' --
Potatoes-$2 50,&4 00 1, bbl.
Herringe-45,d65c it box.
Codlish--.3c by 100 pounds.
Cocoanuts-$5 per hundred.
Sour Krout -none in market.
Coal Oil----23cd25c V, gallen.
SUGAR AND MOLASSES.
Sugar-Common 8-@
Good Common 911a
Prime 101 D.
Choice LD11lic.
,Molasses--.-Common, 40e ,p gallon.
Fair 45c.
Prime 50c.
Choice ;5ic.
LUMBER.
Cypress lumber -$13 per thousand feet.
Pine lumber--$14 per thousand feet.
Cypress Sliingles-- 4 00 per thousand.
N:unls-$3 756(4 25.
Wagons-S5@75.
COUNTRY PRODUCE.
Cotton
Hlides--1t 13ac.
l Furs-Otter $1 50G2 50 each.
1l ry--$15a 1 per ton.
SCorn- 6fa90e per hnushel.
Peeans--$5 50{; 00 per bbl.
Eggs-15a20c per doz.
Butter-Gohen, '25c ver rh.
Choice Wctern 18@'20c.
Potatoes-Sweet, 75cra$1 per bushel,
Tallow -7@---c per pound.
Beeswax----.25@8c%~ Its .
PouvrTaY-Chickens $8 50@$4 P 1z,
Turkeys $9t$18 F M
Oeeose $56$6 per doz.
)Ducks $3 per doz.
Pork- c per lb.
Beef--5r6c per lb.
. Mutton -10c per lb.
Venison-$2 per naddle.
l)ried Frnit--Apples 10U.
ir Beans, Northern-7@7jc.
Cranbderries-Reg $3 25.
SDRY GOODS.
]- Brown Coltou--6@10e.
Lowells--10@12 c.
0 Stripes--2jrdl5c.
Broganus-$1 50@1 75 per pair.
CAN GOODS.
h, Salmnn-- 3 00 1j doz.
' Mackerel-$2 175 doz.
S Lobsters-$2 00(1 doz.
h Spiced IMeat- 5 50 1 doz.
le Sardines-- ¼ boxes 16i½e box.
r- Oysters--%95e$i 00 "i doz.
Eagle Milk--S2 9) j doz.
es Yeast Powdlers-$l (0@28 13 gross.
'- eaches-- 2 50 i3 doz.
I' Pine Apphes- $2 25a2 450 ( doz.
11 Concentrated Lye-- 6 50 1 case.
SCASE GOODS.
to Brandy Peaches--S4 75 ' doz.
1 Pepper Saueo--$I 75@1 85 ' doz.
Ce lHostetter Bitters-$9 00@9 50 g des.
to Drake Ilitters-S3 50@3 75 '~ doz.
le- Plantation Bitters-8 258'6 50 p dos.
d- LIQUORS.
New York Blrandy--$1 331l 65.
" " Gin--S1 32! 60.
Imported Cognac--$1 65@2 00.
- Ginger Brandy--$1 65'2 25.
Cherry Branly-$1 90@2 75.
Blackhe'ry Ilrandy-41 60@2 25.
Imnported-Holland Gin- $3 90@4 25.
Jamaca Rum--5 00@7 00
Irish Whiskey-$5 00@6~10
Scotch whiskey-u5 00oG 5
his WINES.
Claret-$4 8 '00.
S White wine-$5 50@10 00.
S Champagne
e Krug & Co., (qurts) $25 gold
fa Veuve Cliquot Ponsardi--$23.
nst Piper Heidsieks-$25 00.
ase ALE AND PORTER.
' Dutjieans Lagerlbier-qts. 13650 pt.2
t MnilMwaukie-qts. $2 75 ipts. $1 65.
de- Bass & Co.,-Ale, pinte $2 25
NOTICE.
PAlISI o& NATCIITrrOCI ,
State Tax Collector's Office,
May 22d, 1877.
This office is now open for the collec
tion of LICENSES aind TAXES, due tIbe
State and P'arish.
L. N. LANE.
omce on St. Denis St. Collector.
May 26 tf.
or r Lent.
The Maricelli D)welling IHouse, 0o
Texas Street.
Apply to J. TRICIIEL,
April 21.-tf. Agent.
Dissolution.
David Pierson having become 1istrict
Judge, the Law Firm of .Jack & PierO#
is is solved. The unfinished blfuine"ls
the Firm will be cnIducted and setti
by lhe undersigned.
An:' 'Q-tt. WM. II JACK.