? ::; : ! f s f,'iud o! th,, I' ,
-_ - - , r
I rquar 4 I\o, $o (0 1: 00 '1n U 20 0
___________________ A rI~ I;.
Oili
2 squares' 70.4 10 UU; 15 001 2)0 f0, 25 00 . i COSCROVE
3 suarr+.. I). , 13 0: ( 23'. 30 U3 _____ -'1)3001
nn": L. ",,, . l THE WELFARE OF THE PEOPLE IS TIiLE SUPREMI, LAW. 1s,., ,i , .,,
tl aqtar DU i6 )tl 0 41 ) nn 5 fý~
10 s~uarers... 39 00 00 59 00: .57 0 115 1 0 , . . . .-- - - . .... . -.. . _ -.. ., _ _
'J g :Inr ....', 0ol 2 -11 5.i, __ Official Organ of the White Citizens of Red River, Sabine, Weinn and Natchitoches Parishes. ' ".
_-lins - _f____irst In shrti n 1E a ch 1 ui i 7 'in b -. - i.-, '-l.
*T ~ nldi, ult l id lorl~ e me lit sl 31 5t e-l( i., tll i , lf I -------T -.S - -- -- --- Z _ -- . ..-- --- - L - _---_ Z - -_ Z 7 L _- Z _ - - -. - - . . . . .7 _.. __ . . . _____--_-- . . ..--_ . .. . . . . ..-_ .-- -_ - . . .... . l i il it I .l(.-. A ll n , : i~l~ ii Ii-y; ih l l '  , l l
.n.lsertrn.o,rnnts p'Igen,e. h V0L. III. I NATCIIITC(1 II'ES, LA., \AUl[' 2.. 1877. .NO.*4911 -'i"., ,, .
'USINESS DIRECTORY ;co " " 4n 77 - , - -h;,7i-*,,,-i--.- -,,,--- -- -- - -
u . . .... . . .... ........ ...... . ". ... . . ..... ---__- -. -- Irf l 'l" 1 _ l * l l*'** .......m
BUSINESS DIRECTORY.
A K. i'--Family (rocerits. Co(rner ', n; d
St. li."nia Streets.
A M AF EI' :-Wood and Bla( ksiith Work,
. ('hlurchl Street.
A PERINI-The Now Stand-Beer Gardens,
A Fine Wins. Liqnors and Cigars. St.Denis.
A ALLUIN-Rcstaurant, St lDenis Ctrer t.
ALEX LEMEE. Notary Public, St. IDenis
A street.
EVERLY T'1tKER-Geni.eral Collecting
Agent and Canvasser, St. Denit street.
I-IVI)WOt'l'II & WARE--Woodwork and
I tacksmithing, Corner 3d1 and Sibley Sts.
ItB. ROOKS-Guns and Plsto's sohl, made and
' Repaired, St. Druis Street.
[ 1_ LAll) & CAMPBELL-.Mer'andisaJn d
II'lantation Supplies, Front stree(t.
(C IlAPLIN,CUNNINIIAM & CHAPLIN--At
C tornteys at Law. Washington street.
"TOLE.MAN LEVY-Family Groceries and
r. General Iferchandize. Front street.
CtASPARI & DEITRICHI-Drv Goods, Oro.
L eries and General Merchandlize. Sole
Agents for Screw Bottom Shoes, Front street.
GEOIG(;E (;\ RZIA-Family Groceries, under
. Masonie Lodge, 2d Street
. FONTE)NOT-Planters' hIotel-Favorite
.farmers' and strangers' resort. St. Denis.
SIIIIEN -Boots and Shoes made and repair
G ed, St Denis Street.
EORGE W. KEARNEY-..RPrordler and No
tary Public, Court House, 2d'street.
HENRY (;GENIS-Charter Oak Stoves and
Tinware. Front Street.
L KAFFEE-..Dry Goods and Groceries, Front
*e street.
H. LITCHTENSTEIN-General assortment
* Dry Goods and Groceries. Front street.
A RRIS JAFF A---DI)ry Goods and Groceries,
Front street.
H PERCY.- Snrveyor. St. Denis street,
H SIMON.-Dry Goods and Groceries, Wash
* ington Street.
I JACOBS-Dry Goods and Groceries, below
" the Dirt bridge Jeffetrson Street.
JOHN RUSCA-Dry Goods and Groceries,
b, low the Dirt bridge, Jefferson Street.
J NO.GENOE & CO-Dry Goods and Groceries,
Washington street.
JAS. GENIUS-Dry Goods and Groceries,cor
ner Jetferson and Amulet Streets.
J W. SUDDATi--The Phoenix-Choice Li.
quors anti Cigars, St. Denis Street.
JA1. MI. B. TUCKER-Attorney at Law St.
Denis Street.
JAS. KING--.Watchmaker and Jeweler, St.
Denis street.
J DUNCKLEMAN-..Harness and Saddlety,
J Washington street.
JC. TRICHEL-General Merchandire,Wash.
* ington street.
J DUCASSE-General Assortment of Mer -
Srhanldizt, WVashington street.
J H. S'TEPENS -Lumber Yard, intersection
* Fro-it, Lafayette and Washington streets.
J J. MeCOOK & BRO.-General Wholesale
* and Retail Dealer and sole Agent for Wa.R
ns, Washington street.
J A. )UDCOURNAU--Fanev an4 Staipt, o r
SGoods, Boots, Shoes, Hats and Cltlhing,
Front street
CARTEL-The Gem Bar Room, choice
SWines, Liquors and Cigars. Front street.
LEVY& PfILLIPS--F ull stocrk Fancy and
SStaple Dry Goods and Groceries.Front st.
L. DUPLEIX...Laud Agent. S'. Donis street.
_IORSE & DRANGUET-.-Attorneys at Lirw,
l1 street, corner Trudau,.
M H. CARVER--Drp Goods. Groceries and
* General Mferehandlize, Front street.
0 SCIIAFI'"RATUI-Boot and Shoe Maker.
_ St. Denis street.
O CAPHMARTIN--Gueral assortment of
- Goods of all kiunds. rteron s'eet.
P VETJLEMAN - Undertaker, Washington
* Street.
SPOETE-...1 aker, Jefferson street.
- VEULEMA -.-Family and Plantation
-. Groceries, Washington street.
T8. CALVES---Dentist, Jefferson street.
R. E. BURKE-Cheap Family and Western
*Grocery Dealer, Front street.
) P. HTUTSON-Livery, Sale and Feed Stable,
-t. St. Denis Street.
S NEIKINS- Dry Goods and Groceries, Jeff
* erson Street, below Dirt bridge.
8, WINB&RG-General Merehandizeo. Plan.
tation ania Family Supplies, Front Street.
T. PONS-Dry Goods and Groceries, Wash.
TI LAC(XOSTE-Druggst and Apothe cary,Front
- "street.
If. H ALLER-Ba ek's Brilliant Stoves and
-- Tlaware, Washington Street.
T 4&RNET-*.Dry Goodsand Groceries,Front
trreet.
T TAUZIN--Biliard Boom and Bar, Front
T BCROMAN-Wholesale and Retail Mer
ehant-general ausortmenat for the trade
-'t street,
W JACK...Attorney at Law, 24 street,
-ST-~-Boot and Shoe Maker, St. Denis
. POWBULL-Physleala and Surgeon,
Sg eit. S lreet.
Professional Cards.
A. A.Dunn,
1Phy an and Surgeon
Retagemery, La.
AffORNEY AT LAW.
44 Crodet Street, NEW ORLEANS, LA.
"L'L 14 tna ua and December terms
N atcthhecik c COWU at his old home
(Soccessor to JACr & Pnsso)
Atftrsey and Counselor at Law
NATVTO CB S, LA.
pLrstcte iathe CosrofNrabohftche
Sbine, ;I~IO. Red River. Wia, R pides
~ ro y atten ded tort of the
APOAytY AT LAW.
the Praetice of his Profession.)
uacPtfee Jr the Parlsh and Dtrict
_ O Natchitocbes and Red River
Sof Loal idsaan, United States Di
Mrs" Oft" of L ana and U. S.
m shington.
*oint h Laeoste Building (Up
ATC1ITOCHE , LA.
: May 26, s7.
IMORSE & I)RANGUET,
A.TTORNETi S AND COUNSELORS .fT
L. 11'.
Office on Second Street,
NATCliITOCIIES, LA.
May 26 1877.
C. Chaplin. J. II. Cunnirzgham. T. P. Chaplin.
CHAPLII, CUNrINGHAl & CHAPLIN
Attorneys and Counselors at Law.
St. Denis St., Natchitoches, La.
wTILL practice inl the courts ot Rap
ides, Grant. Winn. Sabine. DeSoto,
lied liver and Natclhitoches, and the
Snpr'rme Court of the State.
Claims promptly attended to in any
part of the Union. March 25-ly
JONIl' B. ROIIER TO.1,
(Late of New Orleans.)
ATTORNEY & COUNSELOR AT LAW
(COUSIHATTA.
R)ED RIVER P'ARISHI, LOUISIANA.
Will practice in Coushatta. Natchito
ches, Mans;tield, Many, and in every part
of North-west Louisiana Spe.cial atten
tion given to Land casesand Successions.
June ltth, 1d77-tt0
Dr. WT. fB. Powv] 1
MEDICINE and SURIiER.
OFFICE on ST. I)ENIS STREET,
NATCIIITOCIHER, LA.
Calls to the Country promptly at
tended to.
Refers to Dri. F. J'ohnson, .T. S. Stephens, C.
liamlin and G. E. G;illespie. Messrs. BIullard
& Campbell, Carver & Taylor, Trichel & Aire
and Col. R. E Burke
April s.-ly
Business Cards.
C. A. BULLARD. N. IT.('AMPfELL
Bullar'd & (lampbell,
--DEAERS IN
DRY GOODS,
GROCERIES,
HARDWARE,
And General Merchandise.
Corner Fuo.Nt & Ly.\Y,:rrrE Street,
Notch itoches, La.
[J IGIIsT eash price paid for Cotton andt
country produce in cash or merchandise.
Mareh 5 -Jy.
Peter VeTuleman,
--DEALER IN
FAMIIL GROCERIES
A full assortrn it +f « :z.t-P. lirn cni
Sne ,al inducements to CASH Custohncrs.
WASHIINGTON STREET,
,Natchitoches, La.
March 25-ly.
JT, C. Triclhl,
-DEALER IN
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, HARD
WARE, BOOTS and SHOES, HATS,
ETC.
Ilighest cash price paid for Cotton amd
Country Produce.
WASHINGTON. ST.,
NATCHITOCIIES, LA
R. E. Br ,
-dealer in
GROCERIES
1'I:IOT STrEET, Natchitoches, La.
O. lShafTrath,
Boot and Shoe Maker.
C HALLENGES the world for neatness
and durability of work. Satisfacti'n
and material guaranteed
Shoo an St. Denis St.
C. L. WALMSLEY. R. M, WALMSLEY
C. L. WALMSLEY & CO,
COTTON FACTORS
-AND--
GENERAL COMMISSION MERCHANTS.
Perdido St., New Orleans, La.
March 25-ly.
Oscar COhopin
COTTON FACTOR
-AND-
COMMISSION MERCHANT,
No. 65 CARONDELET ST.,
July 1-ly New Orleans.
T. S. FOSTER JR.,
WITH
ORR & LINDSLEY,
-MANUFACTURES AND JOBBERS
BOOTS and SHOES.
ST. LOUIS, MO,
July 14-6m.
I, D. WORRALL,
WITH
SIMMONS' HARDWARE CO.,
-IMPORTERS OF
MBRDRWERE k CI7TLERr
ST. LOUIS, MO,
July 14-6m.
NOTICE.
PAmnSH Or NATCHITOCIIES,
State Tax Collector's Office,
May 22d, 1877.
This office is now open for the collec
tion of LICENSES and TAXE~,alue the
State and Parish.
L. N. LAN,,
Office on St. Denis St. Collector.
May 26 tf.
['IILt1'.\R I. A. I)11'R[CI
I C spali & Dietrich,
(1oale e Building)
FRONT St., N.\TCIIT'OCI "SI., La.
in. j
n' RAND opnnig of a NEW MAMM1TH3lil
SSPRING and SUMMER STOCK,
"direct from the New Orleans and Easter mar.
kets, consisting in'part of
IDRY GOOI)S,
,e CLOTHING,
y IATS,
SBOOTS,
SHOES,
G; RO ERIES,
(HOCKI.RY,
IIARI)
WARE. &e. &e.
LAD.IES AND (;EN1'S'
F-URNISHIING GOODS.
rt In fact,
A full line of GOODS for the country trade
All of which they are selling at lirs tT on NIEW
OIRLEANS PRICES
L FOR CASHi.
Call and examine the largest and ii t '1
plete. tock ev.r brought to tli in, kit andt
satisfy yIurselves as to their pi ir.s.
T~' Highest price paid for ('otton :til cn uin
try produce, in cash or merchandise.
March 2--1.y.
M1. H. CARVER.
FRONT STREET,
Natrhitores. La.
For the FALL and WIN
TER Trade.
NEW GO)ODS !i
New Goods !
I'HE entire stock is Ietter and more t
I select than any eve.ry introdu,'ed into
this market, and having been lpuirchasted I
with CASIH, can be solh loher than theI
lowest.,
The Motto of the Firnt is.to sell
CHEAPER TIAN TIlE CHEAPEST.
C70 Call and examine our stock, whicih li
consists in part of C
CASSIMERES, J I
JEANS,
TWEEDS.
KERSEYS,
I'R I TS,
BROWN & 1;LEACHIED ('Ct IT'] I Ns,
L(OWLLS
LADIES' DRESS GOODlS,
TRITMMIrN(. I
LLANKETS,
Woolen Goods of all dinds,
BOOTS, a
SHOES, 11
LADIES' and ENT'S. IIT \TS
i Clothing, a full and Complete Assort v
ment. t
Crockery, Hollow & Wil-e
I«
low W i'C. he
A fuill line of FANC'Y andl FAMIL1
GROCERIES, WINES, LIQUORS. & C.
Books, Stationery, &c., &c.
In fact In
A FRESII and select stock of goods always a
on hand, which havlng been purchased on 8
acashl basisenables us to offer extra induce. l
ments to cash buyers.
Highest cash price paid for cotton andl other t
produce, and liberal advances made in cash a
merchandlise on ,onsignment
orMarch 25-vly.
Mrs. C. PfFE1I.RY, f'
Former Proprietress of No. 7 t
Carondelet Street 0
p NEW OnIEANs, LA. t
HAS removed to No. 4 Baronne Street,
SCorner Canal. Being very thank- 6
ful for pa.st favors bestowed by her (
country friends, and especially those of' t
the Red River parishes, she now solicits 0
a continuance of their patronage, and a
having better facilities and the finest I
located house in the City, she hopes by c
proper care and attention to secure the 9
patronage of her Iriendls and the public. p
The low rEte of $1.50 per d(lay is charg
ed for Board and Lodging.
A.. El. Lemee,
NOTARY PUBLIC. F"
(Office under Vindicator Office,)
ST. DENIS STREET,
NATCHITOCHES, LA. b
April 29.- ly.
JOSEPH C KEYSER,
Brickmaker and Layer. n
IS PREPARED to do all work entrusted
Sto him quickly antl in a workmanlike
manner. Tomb, Chimneys, Cisterns and d
other work solicited.
Orders left at BULLARD & CAMP- P
BELL'S will be promptly attended to. q1
Jan. 27, ly. iF
FROM HER ASHES. ot
The Phenix has put on new life and now o
caters for public favors.
J Warren Suddath
has taken charge and DAN now dispenses re
the choicest
BRANDIES, re
WHISKIES,
LIQUORS, SI
C1GARS, a
&c. th
RICH ST. LOUIS BEER ON DRAFr. ti
Don't forget, ye thirsty, the Ia' sNIX TI
n St. Denis Street.
IFeb. 24.ly o
A Chapter of Louisiana Hisory.,
(;RANT'. OlI,11' FlOR TEl RYMOVA.\L OF
THOPil'S 'II31 Till: P'Al KAIRI) TATEI
", .lnri/'s l)reliI Scheime and Dol
(a 4orn4's Trh'f'erlrou. Sujpo'cssion
( of the 'rcsi(let's Ordcr.
The )i.siug Link Supplied.
A. C. IUEL IN 'T1I. N. O. I :IMO('IAT.
New Yorkl, August q, .-'7.
The New Yorkl; Timeh of to-day(i
copies firom the N:)tchitches l'indi.
rator :n int,.re: tiin, chapter of his
tory, from the lips ' lty distill uised
notd toim v't ! fi ',n', Co!. \tm. M.
Lery. ,t't that gllhlat goentleman
seOms to have flt! lesttrained from a
complete recital of the facts. At all
events. hie has omlitted the most in
teresting single fact of the whole oc
eunrrenee. MI" knowledgo of the char
acter of ('Col. Levy leadsi nie to sup
pose that hlie was impelled to sup
press this particular fact by consi
deratot.is of delicate personal cont
tesV to enll. (ianllt; and the ntulre
of this e(nta vs ;ill Ili re:; il'. ap
paren t 1h44n tiheleil t it'' of 4the fao t it
known. Ic olde1'r to pwserIll I e thli, n e
4a{ t lf4 i st f it ; tll' itt ftil IiI r l te ti'
nlni.l~ l\' l I taly' , o t  i,,- er l, e t ,
t1 'llI Il ' ill o ? ',l1 fo t ,te ,,:r I tei7 t
.asey's i 4 rtio . 1ole ,,t  xll'it- I
had be the e,'r;ti..i lir. i llt il Wit s ,f
Siin. GrantC f\-1it tha:t i l It p':It lace
Ihe t ll) o p lh stf" l 1 n4 i 1at has I w, l ut
iecI n le cIionlI u .il , tly ti IIIti, lo t d tlen
fact if I say thae (; t te iine , f mind l.
Clasi ,'s 1( !elli , Gei. , Ite t il exploit- Ie
to aned inso th dl,' toward. the real re-t
1inton ect epti ,)C (If le sofle f period.is
l ais cmnfilelIt thalt 1 n..1 11 t plaers
tori the latter l on {s h his ]aoi lOW
become a sai ,l .t0 i tiel y I 'J 4' u i tot
thet if I Sot I th. Casey fiae s amind
whit ma det a fict that Gen. Grantcesile
to aid 4so kinly toward the real re
iana, (Col. Levy, Gen. Giliso. Mr.
TP.4is, I
during tie flatter dais so hi atrtl in
11strati, , wa, 144111 ot enti y. id i to.
theIll 1hihs of Col. 44se4. lie 1 i.s a s
it Lohiii"it isia fPilet llat (Gi n. Grit n o t
and fullke ideqrmleted rll sustain theo
u tse them ' for certalin lIIrpel5c5 Illicil I1I
it is not no4w i4Etwisali to1 state. (
ciier'ht-nIgges, Gant lolage, and few t
tptn referr ed: t
coriect ; i fnt, it is so elntrelyn cor
reit, for I li'\ie ri.-isedll it. YIou may....
You ale, if islllse4, llwI,1re trhat tlie n
i sit 'w otin rr41 ibell si t n a \'lit t ( e .
Iwaslively, anlil thlilt Lou isi-ana wilas
tle onis If attlentiiln. Kellogg wa other
strha ling t awhich rt his te as I have
and was using allplances that I pro- r
s111me no otlicr inidividual this side of
hell could have devised. IHe certain
ly knew that Giant intended to issue
thande order, and st hd scertaind bto o
a bitter experience in a recent inter- h
formed the dofspeerat e plan of intcr- C
ceitisg it iln trnsitl. I presllu this
er the only instance in withe history of I,
our gotvernmenet where any civilian
thena successfully conspired wit a
Cabinet oflicer, to not merels diasre
gard, but actually to suppress by vi c
olent i n terpositio a military oder ofr
the Pr esident, actingi in his capacitay
of conmmiander-in chief of the land
and nival forces of the Unllited States !t
IHowevelr, suchoare the facts in this f
case. Cit amton's action in a iolently t
intercepting and practically nullif y
ing the oi'der of the PrIsident for the
reimoval of til traolts waS due to tihe
FRANTIC LAHORS OF IKELLOG(1.
And Kellogg alns mlicved tha sIcpi -
fra:iu le o j(tionsd h isia Itis siwledge f
hof1 4 1 to haivCI I sllllfed.l a tain -
Ske wt' thias lirt iten;te toct ; which ,
Col. Levy, out oif hd(ll((t scerlt es ,
respecting ii s persolinl i nttIcoiirse e
with the President, c lan to haie felt
bound to omit from hIis recital. It
was this:
TF1e Presidont had becoiiie fully Ii
satisfied of tn e impossibility of furtho - i
er successful F
INTERVENTrON BY THE FEDERAL (GOV- ti
ERNMENT. f
in the affairs of oluisiana. But ire
did not like to Ialy to dlr iorny the
stinlposition he so lon mintaiiiiied, o
quite so squarely as would havei been ,
involved in a formal recognition of n
Nicbolls. And hle was likewise desir
ons to bave the Louaisiana iabroglio Ii
settled before the close( of his tei iii,
or at least before his successor shound ie
nassume the reins of power. rc ia W to
accomplishi the lstter obhect without f,
undergoing the humiliation of a d
square back down Was Iiquiai~ndlary ci
with Geti. Grant, from which he was st
relieved by the activpe mind of tie jo
resourceful Burike.
"The fourth of March comes on
Sunday," suggbeted Burke, "aking N
a species of iltebreg\uhu. Remove im
the trolips on Fridayn or SlturdIla, soI h
ilth the coast shall be clear Sundaly. L
Then, when Minday niorniog dawns, e1
we will guiarantee you bthat the Nil- at
ols Government bhall be i peace ac
t,,t State Iv,,use (S Louis Hotel ) 1and1
,or 11 the narchives. There ' ill he no
: violence, for
PACKARt)'S FOI'I;ES WILL NOT RFsrsIr
W111 EN 1'1 TROOP'S ARE WITll I )AWN."
The idea strick Gen. GIt ant at ce.
lt If they were witlidrawn on Saitlrdiv
Nicholls would take lihe Stlate Ilhouse
Smilda, during the inltetrcgtiniu anm
thus to all inltents arl prposes both
his wen outgoingi and the incoming
addministratittn of Iiay'is would hc
T. free f'rom complication in the 1irem
ises. lie conuld practically go out of
ofice S' atn'lay" night, leavin rg. the
SPackard gaveinment "in statao.i qu."
SIIayes could coni in Monday morn I
ing and find tihe Nichollls goveirnmnt ! '
This idea met the instant apprl)lrbation
of Gen. Grarit, and he timed his order I
in nicordance with it. -
The nmemorandlun which he revised
lifor flao'rke was designed to acIquaint
SNicholls with the fact that (len. (irat t
exprectce him to take the State Ilouse
on Satui.rday, lhe 7th of Mar'cl. o
This statle of facts wais iiae known
to Kellogg by an individual who was
in the confidtence of the Plesident, Z
iiut as I ant un:ible to s'y whether
the act of this pcr.,on was o:e of ti
dtlclilcrale tracheli or of1' initliscic t i
tale heatins;', I U ill neithr mention o
his namiiIe nor characterise Iis motive. h
It was this ',nowh'dge which rimored I
Kellogg to such ' -l l rate exertion. n
Anid hut fior lthis ,i;ixtledge, Don
C't1me'o"11 IeVer wonu(l 1,atv'e ventured c0
1p" 0: s't'p so xtr';alrdinarv as U
'[?!e S.pri,,ipan 1 f an, Ort ( 'ider of tlhen
1'r i ,de t.
Nti"s, tilt r+, a unr)(id shout ('anieolan. ti
I ausett d that he suppressed the ti
l'rcitt, n t's dtiir h aiei , he knew i
that the lei c'idlint de-igi'nd to winkik
at a coup d'ctat by Nicholls. Col Le- tl
vy court'eously gives Carmeron thel hi
benclit of his own j.lititici;tion on a r
point of otuiciale tiq ie tt e. Iltt I search el
Col. Levy's ipentc e, ntw(,i.ation in it
vain for any intimation ,ii it he in- el
dor'ses (ICameron s versin:i of his own i,
motives in thie pireimiecs. I venturne L
to assert that Col. Levy. like my'self, ar
does not believe a word of Cameron's hi
declaration that he was moved to to
that exttraordinary step by considera- ih
tios of lofficial etiqnelte. From first th
to last Can(riton played a gamne of tdi
T'fhe most Wretched Duplicity b!.
with the Louisiana people. He was T
hand in glove with Kellogg and at to
the same time he was most artfully tr "
deceivin a ngrl rmisleading his old col- o'
lege classlr;ate. Rlldall Gilhsnn, wit)l ca
I prol'essions of earnest desire to see tti'
the Louisiana case equitahly aldjuisted. Pl
Gibson tliecvd C;,niu n,), for the pc
Shis loodiiina it inder hlim incapable of th
colmprehendinig the mnisetalle duliici- an
ty and the rank disharror' of which th
ion Cameron is Capable not only, but th
in which hlie revels with aI delight "'
known only to such hu1,nan swine as all
he is. an
Indelhed, so imnlicit was Gibson' Cea
faith in the smootlh pretcnions ofi is i l i,
old classlmahte, and so incapabllle was "
could he guilty of' deliherately vioiai.
tinug the sacii'v oft' such a friendiip, lth
that, on o ne i1 . , a.sio , w hen I v in an
tlred to caution hIrn aid iUnpugn w
Canmeron's sineirit ' with soi m e harsh,- ed
hess of epithet and Intxiriance of ex
plehtive, ie checked nrum with warmth t nl
and declined to listen to forther ldi- P1
madveirsion. I lhen soniliht Burke at he
WVillard's, andt askedt him to warn
Gibson, and, in fact, the entire Lou- e
isiana delegation, of or
('arnerlons Trealchery, fr
Burke laughed and said that Crame- i
ror's duplicity wonuld be rendered ho
unugatory by a higher piower in case fe.
my nlalprehensions concerning hiim fei
shoull turn out well fbnutdeld. That tic
they had foundation is a matter of '
historv. Andt that (':amerou's duplici
ty availed to render nugatory the co
edicts of Ilurke's "higher power" is sel
equally so. l;I
These arc tihe facts in full. They tim
have an historical value in this, that el
when the historian of Grantism dr
reaches the close of ?iis volumne hie i
will have to record tlhat thie very last ne
considerable act of Grant's political ai
career was no endeavor to dodge a Ii
stern responsibility that, in thie very he
act of loosening from hia shoulders sr
thie robes of office that Ihe had worn to
for eight weary years, hIe attempted mr
to avail himiiself of a peculiar acci ag
dent of dates as an
A Miserable Subterfurge zi
by which to hilde thire deepest, ldarkest th
stain hie had brought upon them; and
that even in this aInst subteifuge of
expiring tyranny, hie was thwfarted l
hy one.' of hIis own crecat ires, who
shrow'td a conte:n pt for his chief
which ~onldl have been criminal had
it not I)een just.
Hrliwever, we can readily appieci- l
ate he i ,ftiness i ,f thle considerations
whrich imrpellehdt Col. Levy to with
hohl| this si(cklening parag)raph firom ti
his tecital. Nor need the fact that
Burke was the author of thie sugges- a
tion be taken as a reflection upon that
gentleman. Burke's business was tot
do i'hat he coould to save Louisiana;
and thie desperation eif the exigency
warranted himn in taking advantage
of any cupability of her foes. What- GI
ever disgrace there was in thie attemnpt f
must redound entirely to thie dis. of
credit of thire President, who was wil
ling to jump at such a suggestion; son
whose moral calibre was such as to "
blind him to all aspects of the sug- pa
gestion except its ingenuity and the cv
fiact tlhat it afforded himr a hole for a
dastardly retreat; and of whose !"
chiaracter thie circumstances demon- 1n1
strated that Burke was a shrewd i"l
judge. ret
---*,-- sta
A farmer in Springfield township, for
Noble conoty, Ind., lhas been experi
menting with the product of one
head of wheat of a rare variety. rer
Last year's sowing (tlhe fourth) yield Sir
ed ,no bundred and twenty bushes. I,(
at the rate of thirty bushels to thle th:
acri'. Ca'
)g l LOUISIANA.
S1i ilhe fillowing tribute to hist native
it tate is ftrom Ithe pen of Malior Il. J.
•.r lh arsey, the brilliant, but Ino Ils:I
" gallant and meritorious editor of the
e. New ( )leans )ctworal, written to his
Spaper frno th e W ito :lphurSp ings
if Virginia, w here he is Suonlmel ing.
l We pnblish them he'cause they will
find echo in the hearts of evcry true
SLouisianian :
I wih11 that the people of every
,f State vohid . cultivate this peculiaerit.
, ,f the Virginians. I is! especially
Sthat the people of Louisiana wolli
Siecotme L,,ui ai t iiUsas the Virginians
htBut \'Virgiiia, I amll answerell, has a
! past to be pr u1d of, while Louisiana
hai none. True. the whole history
l of \'irginia ha'5 been a gland dramna;
t but tiie history of no people .is illus
t trated by a nobler or more per
(, istentent devotion to the principles
of cost tit tonal libeortr than tlhat of
LouisianaL during the past nine years.
Whell evtery other State, as it paraly
zed by d lcar, quickly stanumitted to
ihe s nhame and bondage of reconstreuc
tion, the people of Louisiania liftedl
tp thie hionr of the constitution
(fover her waste places and their ruined
hoIes, an:di theiy ineer lociweredl it.
Thely 1begtan the light in 18tB and
ill'\er ill a1i" ('aIIVaS;ls dill the swamI'
of advetnlturers, thieves and linegro(es
carry a general oelectinn in Louisiana.
Other States, with immense while
Lajorities, suirendelied alo st with- t
lout a blow ; but Lontisnaitt, with her
vast negrto population, organized by
tre a lhlest aild most tinse Ipullous of
the advlen turers who cursed the
Su nlh, never faltered inl the silrile. t
In !ti; the Louisianians uarl ied
their State for the Democratic party, a
but its vote was thown out by the
Repthlican Congress; in 18 70 they
carried the State apai n, and War
toith and his enii'sarsies falsetied the '
election and counted in the Radicals ;
in 1-72, undismayed, the people of 7
iLouisiana aain rallied to the polls a
and triumlhantly elected McEnery, "
but the army and navy were called in
to overthrow the election and install
the men defeated at tie ballot box box by
,the people. Was not this enough to
dishearten any people not inspired ,
by a heroic devotion to their rights?
The past story of 1874 and of 1876 is
too familiar to need recital. Those t
two campaigns have tilled the history s'
of Louisiana with days sacred in the s
calendar of heroism, and the proud
truth is, that, from 18(~ to the trinum- g
phal installation of Gen. Nicholls, the tl
people of Louisiana never ceased "
tf l ,'t ill ui l ~t l lJ, F "t ' l i tllrtl a 'ie` ' r w a
an hour when, if ,(rant had remove.
the bayonets of the army from their a
thbroats, the peoplle of Louisiana
woult not have risen up as one man
and spept Radicalism with its crimes I
and infalmies from the face of the b
earth. In all that time there is noth- b
ing of which our people have to be a
ashamed. If the glorious recordt
seems in any part to hear a stain, re
view the facts and it will be found 8l
that that stain is the work of plotting I
and shIort sighted politicians whose
work the people rejected or denountc
ed.
The worl t tfftords no1 grander il
Ilstratiou of thie devotion of a 1pe
ple to constitutional liberty; no more
heroic and ui yiel ingi oppositiont to
publice lincm that Lolisialla has gir
eni. Sthe is justlyi ent itled to the glol y
or tihei shinlie lt being designlatled .
"tIle stro lng-hold of the Bourbons,"
for during that sad and eventful
eight yiaL's; subjected to plunder,
ihuuii11 atio ll d s ffThrings such as p
few llpeople hivl enduli'ed, she Eineer l
forgot a single principle of (constitu
tional liberty, nor learned even tlhe ll
alphabet of that new political science ti
which mlakes alliances with infiany,
compromisies with crie anld eoun-ii c
sels tihe condonetuent of political- vii
lany. And here under thle shade of ,
these grand old trees, and in the b
shadow of these ancient mountains,
dreaming of her broad and sweeTl)ing c
rivers, her siunny skies and wilder tL
nesses of ilowers, of her wide fields
and ilappy homes, my trust is that in r
that brighter future which all our t
heairts tells us is dawning lio n et',
she will cling with reniewed tenacity 5
to those lBourboiistie illeas which a
nlade ghlitois the period ot hetr liatid -
age anit suTifeing, lind placed her tiral
among 'theio States which have signali- i
zed tleir devotion to the principles of
the American constitution.
Persobis who are fond ol eltocumiers c
will he sorry to learn that Dr. Leidy, I
,t a recent neetlg of the Acadoniy
of Science, Philadelphin, exhibited a e
specimen of tape.wVormn Sa1id to have
been taken from the ilside of a large t
eiirnilber. This was the first hme n
he had heard of one of these worms
having been found in a vegetable. *
The shIeciulen hlilis all the charaoteris- t
ties of a lrne tape-worm, but belongs n
ariarienitly to.an unknown species. h
The ovaries contaiinig round y&llow f
eggs, are eonfinud to the anterior cx- lI
tremity of thIe segment.
James McKay, says The Toronto I
Globe, has six buffhloes on his grazing cl
farm at Long Lake, Manitoba. Two ti
of these are calves brought from the
west last fall, the others are older,
some of them full grown. They feed
witlh cattle during the winter, accoml .
puny them to the river for water b
every day, and are among the first to cl
enter the warm stables for shelter at I
tight. The buffaloes, from natural R
-nstinct, are conscious of an approach, it
ing storm sometime before felt, and b
retire to comfortable quarters it the U
stable sometimes an hour or two be
fore the storm arises.
Russiehas more horses than all the n
remainder of Europe put together. *
She has 16,160,000, or 227,05 for every
1,00I of population. It wroti14 seem
that she should never be at ailo~s for
carahi,. N
Pear Blight.
AJir G. 1). T..sct calls attentiCoil tI
the lollowi11, from th+; i\ i eiltural
Risicorts of 11;9lr, with tregard to the
Sdemis' te 'ear trees. lh.mr- i.n
ithe disease wi ,ich is now killing al
the I ear' trees of this section, alld the
ic remedyl proposed is as follows:
Take one pectk of lime slacked ii a
suficineney of bloiling t water, add twoi
poundsl of sulphuilr, and :apply to the
SildyV and lar, Igr liinlmbs of the tree
s If the white color is obijlctionable, it
can be chllged to any otiler by adding
coloring matter. Timely appljcation
v of this, will cheek the spread of fungi
on the bark of the trees. We hopce
our orchard growers will give wced
to the remedy to which Mr. Tessicr
f calls attention.
Scabby Le- in Poultry.
A. ict !ian Agiicult ural.
iThe unsightly disease which affect':
the leg's of fowls, causiing thelii I:
swell and bicome distolrted, is dlie to
a 1uite. a smnall iimsect which is aimilar
in iappearaince to that which causesi
seatb in shee). It is roundish oval,
and selli-transparent, about one
tight-h iildredth of an inch in length,
appearing, when rnagniliei 4100 diame
ters, :,bout half an inch long. If the
scales from the leg of a diseased
fowl are beneath the microscope, it.
ln nulber of these nmites minay be found
between them. Beneath the scales
there are spongy, scabby growths, in
which the eggs and pun:e of the miles
are to he seen in great numbers. 'rho
pullpe are very sinilair in shape to the
mliatre mites, but are very mluch
smaller, aippearing, when viewed
with the above mentioned power,
about one-tenth of an inch in length.
The disease being of a similar char
acter to the scab in shelep. or the
mange in dogs and cattle, and it may
be cured by the same treatment. We
have cured fowls of the disease, be
fore accurately knowing the cause, by
applying to the legs a mixture of lard
with one-twentieth part of carbolic
acid. This should be applied with a
stiff brush, such as one of those sold
with bottles of mucilage. A very
small painter's "sash tool" would an
swer the purpose, but something
must be used by which the medicated
grease can lie applied thoronghly to
the crevices between the scales. A
mixture of equal parts of lard, or
sweet-oil, anld kcros.eue, will lbe equal
--i.." Y rT i1b !" S .i..f.oa lna a __S,
oil alone wonld be effective, but Ilih
kerosene more easily penetrates be
tween the scales, and the carbolic
acid is sure death to the parasites.
The remedy being so simple, it will
be inexcusable if this disagrceablo
affection is sufflered to remain in a
flock; while, hoiwever, ono fowl is
troubled owith it, it will certainly
spiread, as the mites will ihanirow be
ineath the scales of the other. fows,
If precautions were gellerally used,
the parasite couild soot Ie i t.lermlinia
ted. It should he mlade a iiisqulili -
ationll at poultry shows, for fowls to
be affected w;illt scabby legs ot feet,
in airy degree whatever, for we know
that several poullltry yardls are not
free frmril In his disease, iliand whevlclrer
afli ct ,d fo;l s :Ia e inuit, out, Ih dlie .
e0s15 goeS with thtn.
Sorghum Cans·.
A corresplondeut of I le (Chlicago
Prairie Parlliler, writing fromii Marys
ville, Texas, considers tile sorghmillU
cane crop of great valhi to every
farmner, where it will grow w ith anlly
thing like snccess, which it will do iu
the greater part of the country. Tile
correspondent, T. J. VW., says:
"To feed toi hogs--especially to
young hogs growing -I consider it
better than cOrll. CoiniU is more fLat
iproducig, but in feeding young hogs,
colrn is too dry lland solid I.o mlako
them thrive; they want somelthiing
more easy of digestion and niourish
ing. By actual experienllce I know
that sorghum fills thie bill, and is
very easy of pr'oduction, reqtuiring
scarcely more than ihalf tlhe hibor of
a corn ~icro.
''"It colmes in a nlmontli or two earlier
than corl n; so it can be luscl for feed
ing during the ldry, warml season.
'The flarmer can lhae\' his hogsI almost
fat, and thriving so well against cool
weather, tlihat it requirca but little
corn to conlvert his hog into oll1k.
IHowever, these atre not the olly leas
ons wlhy we should raise it. It is
easily mIlade into nmiol;lisses, and of L
quiallity, whlen prolierly lmailde, eqlllil
to the best Louisiana syrup. After
using it for years I prefer it to any
otlher. Some farmers have faliled to
maklie the cane pay, simply because
they didn't begiu properly. Tllhero
ateo four kinds of tile sorglihum. I
lhave raised all varieties, and after
fifteen years' exerience I have no
hiesitation in sayinlg whichl is the best.
The Ciinese, or black top; the Af
Iican, or red toll; Arableli; tihe Seed
libhboo. IThll'e last is my choice, as I
cousider it possesses thle good quali
ties of all the rest, or iearlyy so,
To prevent suiddle-galls, the saddle
should be lined with some smootli,
hard subsltance. Flannel or woolen
cloth is bad. A hard, fluished, slllootll
rawhlide lining, similar to tlhose of thil
military saddles, is preferable. Then,
if the saddle is properly fitted to the
horse's back, there will be no galls
unless the horse is very hardly nsed.
Galls should be washed with soap and
water, and then with a solution of
three grains of copperas or blue vit
riol to one tablespoonful of water,
which will harden the surface, and
help to restore the growth of the
skin; Wh1ite'ihairA growing '1!,on
rlled spots cannot be prevented.-