Paper of the Parish and City of Natchitociles
3JAS. 11. CO';R1y)VE, -. . Editor.
A'1r' AY, - - -,J-LY 21, I-77.
Those Indictcments.
The exc itemtnt broright about ty I (
th, indietnment of Mat WVells and inen
Tomni Aiersti, for forging the e'er- ,
non parish ret urns. continues to grow s '
in volunme as it is dienossed. A great it
deal of unnecessary talk has been in- (
dulged in hby all parties, and even the it
Goverinor' conmes in fO'r a share of the
opinions upon the cave, which we ae tIhe
very sorry to see. The oftlrnse nlhiat' h id
Tom Anderson and Mat Wells corn
mitted, and for which they stand in - sc(it
dicted, is a criininal one proidedt for dhr
by onr statutes, conSeqtietttly this Mir.
talk of political perslcutiln is simnply ! iit
bosh. the
We do not believe that Governor he l
Nicholls has ever exprllessed himself past
with regard to this cise. We do not the
for a mnionietlt thlink he has pionmised that
Wells and Andlerson ptriidon in tile fene
event of their conviction, which is tion
alinost certain-.for if w, did, then we snol
wonld believe that G(overnor Nicholls lieuI,
desired to make a repiutation for hini- 1 - o
self equally as odious as ,ell's antd leir
Anderson's. and
As to this "pledge and agreorncnt'' klin
business, we most emphatically de
ny that any was ever mentioned or r'i
entertained relating to Mat Wells or ult
Tom Anderson ; and we prodice in
this week's issne an interview had by -
the editor of the VINDICATOR with il'
C(ol. Witi. M. Levy, ex-membniller of and
congress from this district, who hadt the
as niich to do with the settliement of Ceog
the Louisiana dilicunlty as Mr. Nich- l'at
oils or any one else, and it will be trat
seen that if bat ginis were made, they fort
were latde witholt the knowledge of 'ied
our Congressional delegation or our trat
people, and were anea:led for as well the
as unliutlhortzed. tion
We renlembetr that when :8f0,t) titr
was "'grab hb!" ftotu the trens'v to P"
reward treason, hy pa: in r Packard's
emtiployees, this samrle dodge of ani lan
"agreement" was sprunig as a reason L Va
for it. Thli "lil'areemeniit'" dodl is ti
somnething like Simon Suggs' hettingj
rules, which no one but hiimself knew, I(ha
but when violated by an opponent, ces
that opponent was comlrpelled to fork and
over, while Sinion would blandly say: gi "
"That's agin my rules-pay up !", con
Thirty thousand dollars go out to pay Lou
Packard's hirelings and "agreement"' the
is whined out as an excuse for the 1
"take." Tom Anderson and Mat Stal
Wells are indicted for forgery and tion
"agreement" is to be their vindica- fore
tion. Well, let any man, be he gov- Con
ernor or not, dare interfere with the star
prosecution of the Returning Board antl
scamps. After they are covicted, if
Governor Nicholls desires to pardon halt
the felons ani d is piepared to stand otht
the odiumln of such an act, why lie is his
at perfect libel ty to do so. We say sole
in advance, however, that the peolel i
of I his State " will niever forgi e hiilm, t
and that lie need not exp(ect, if hie ask
does it, support front the honest citi- sIo
tens of Louisianan.
The Times and I'icalunle journals of
the "largest circulation in the South- ll
west"and the smallest political coin
stituency in the krnown world, seenti
moved to the depths with conlpassilon i"
for \'eils antul Anderson. l:vei before
these indictnlret ts were friitd those ca
palpers took Ull the guage of battle fot r
Wells under the thitest of pretexts- -a
that their pro.secution under thle law, I
was a pillitica.lpersecltion, "virolatigas
the n iplied nuderstanding had withli dr
IHayes' e'triotission.l th
Siichli stiiff to buy dished tlp to an in-ex
telligent public, with a lhope of belief i
is sickning indeedl, and the Times ani trn
Picayune have adlded another Inaurel na
to their already unpopuilar crown. c
The cotntry people of this statc,
and thiey are :no a few in number,
have never yet had confhilence polil.
ticaly in either of those papers, ihenice
the outside pullic shloultld be fully a0p
warned that neither of them repre- pal
sent Louisiana senitiment. If the tlhe
mass of Louisiana's people were dis- Ni
honest, then indeed would tlhe Timnes Co
andl Picagnne be fair exponents of tlhe
their views-lcar what is more dishon- dis
eat than the condoning of the otfenees all
of Mat Wells and Tomi Anderson. of
Evcry thief of radical pursnasion, st
according to the Picayune and Timnes m"S
should not be prosecuted .because it per
might be construed into political per- fot
secution by Mr. Hayesor Mr. Hayes' anl
people North. In fiact, Louisiana, ac- art
cording to these astute journals, must pr(
continue in leading strings to sonime as
one- if not the Northern l)emoclacy sio
then to Hayes' Southern policy. cer
Let Anderson and Wells he dealt fro
with asthe law directs, and the pIeople ses
will be satistfied. po~l
PLEDGES.-Linikiing tile Governor's cor
name with the Returning Board ex(
indictment case as somne journals pl
have done, is anything but creditable sta
to all parties--tlhe Governor and those me
journals. We remember that during co
the canvass Governor Nicholls made au
pledges to the people of this State the
that no 'guilty person cor'ricted of vie
crime should be pardoned by hint,! bI
'This pledge the governor remembers, for
and we feel assured, he does not pro- coa
pose to violate it, even in the interests wel
sif the Picayune and Times. in
The Louisiana Commission. pri
pet
Col. Winm. M. Levy Explains in ,tr
Full.
No Agreement ! It Would Have cl
Been Dishonorable ! cent
del
Tli E.litor 'of the XViicA'i'.vrolt
cien il diniiin, the wick upoui our l -
ti,. cd s fellow -(itizen, ('ol). W in ll. l.
Levy. t x- memnber of ongrii(ess fromu i
-ith ('c ngressional )istrict, anId prOii - p
1 inentl( y c t e ct(.dl \\Wih the' s t(lli(.nt hie
of the ,i.oiisiaiit Qestion liat i d.i
Spring. The following is the r'- liº
t suilt of our plt'asa(ti iilttivlew : x
Cololinel I there seems to he some ex- h
i . inii ient upon l thel slj tl thet rctent li i
indictments against the l(ili'members .of hai
the lite Lounisiana Returninig lBoard, il
iaid it iserteid by somie of the nestS- l)u
pipers and politiciluai , that these pl os, wit
(ecitions are in violation oi f the n -il air
ider(t-iianding oir lagreement hadll with ia
s MIr. Hayes and other prominent Re- sli;
pui licians, thait, on the recogniiiltin oi f li
the Nic.holls goveIrnmeInt there 4hoiilil fii
I he iamnesty, or full illiimunity for all i,
t palt iolitical offenics co mlllllitted liv
the l'hpibli'ans in Louisiana, and liro
that such agreemelit covereid any of
e fences conmitted by themn in viola- re(
tion of tih e laws of Lo;iisiana, xwxhere to,
e such iofltiices elruntid to the political ed
Selielcfit of thi'ii party. Yonl were pi
piromlinently connlcted x ith the set- fri
C lement of the Loiisiiana quiestiii)i, a
ianid we wnould he glad to hliave your h
kino\wledge and recollect.lioi of the St
facts ill regard to thlis Inatter, and p,
generially as to tlie settlenieint of the In
Loouisiana question. p.
C(Ol. Levy.-In coijiilnctionli with no
I nmy late colleagues, Messrs. Glibsoni p1i
f nd Ellis, I took a very\ active part in I L(
the endeiavors to tpreveiit Federaidl re- wt
coignition land the iiupholding of the anll
Packarid giovernmnit by thli adniiiiiis-. Ill
e tration of (General Grant, and in eCf- in
forts to pieveiiet such rec'ognition an d to
f-Federal intei f'iccence by the tado iinis- co
r traitioni of Mr. Ilayes. In these efforts, hii
the Louisiaona (D)(emocratic) iiehga. thit
tion had the vailuable assistaince of
Snimany gentlemen in and out of ioflicial ith
Siposilioin. Amiiong these were omi- I. L
Sn tt, Senators Goirdon, La roar, Gar- f
SInind andl Matthews, Secrelat ics XI
I Evarts, Schiirlz andll K'ey, Repre(senta- n
tives Jno. Yolllung Brown and oster, ca
u(v. I)enisin, Col. Jas. Casey, andil th
Charles Nordhofl' EsIq., whose servi- T
s ccs in our behalf were of great valnc b!
k and efficacy. Shortly aftelr the inian- I
. gilration of Gov. Nicholls, the real
contest for the State governmeinit of P
Louisiana Logan. On the one hand, 1I
' the occlpatlion anid retenltion by lrm1l- gi
e 'd police force unllder Packard, of th te c('
SState Hoiise, on tihe otlher the occnpa- at
d Lion anid retention by armed wpolice i '
f'orce, under Nichol ls, of the Supreie nii
Colurt rooln ; thliis gavie tangible, s-li
e stantial evidence of such coniftet of ut
Sauthority as excited grave apprelhen
sif sins of cnlli.iiill, whic'h wouhl Iro- . so
hal1y cnulllilnalte in Iloilldshid and an
II iother seiius rcsrults. I'ack ird and ilii
his adierents andih snililporters relied iof
solely n pon Federal iiiterposition to wi
ailiinii tii iheir govcrlnilint and na- Ci
thlioiity. Nictholls anid his fliicndsl M
iaskedoinly, thlt, tie Federal nrilm
i should hie stayed, anid thie maiintcni- si
nuce cf the c(uio or the otlier governl- iii
ifent i tesatllished liy lhce volllutalry of
suilipolt of the pcoille oif the State, Iy ill
hliom Ithe litaxes were Io be paidl, aniid 11
withlout \ihich, tile goivernllnt.lt fail- w
n iiig to olain t Ihis sUllp ort niiist dic ot eci
inanrilitln. The fiiemlis anid advo.- iii
tcaes of thie Nichliolls goverlmllcniit
never asked for the ail of the fedi- tI
ral power ; on the contrnary, protested P1
aIniilist lhe uise of the troops, and hi
askedl, niily, that, they should be with -
Ldraiwn firom the State lloilse, with h
their duties and poluwers limited by 1]
Executive'ordcer to the iprevention of i
riot, tiiumnit and bloitlshlil. 'The C
I truth of history andl strict justice de-I t
el anlld, that, a fill statemlent of all the tl
acts and iegoitiations resrlting in *
the firm and uncontested establlih- "
Inent of thei Nichiolls goveriinmeint
should be given. I
S The i;ost earniest aiicd persistent
, appeals were nmade by tile Packardl
- party to Presidentt Grant, to orlder
s tie Federal troops to displace the
Nichiolls Supreme Court, restore the
Conrt hililiirig andil Police Stations to
of the Packard authlorities, and in slhort, I
n- disperse the Sicholls goverrnment in
Sall its branches. This, to the credit
of General Grant, was refusecd. IHe
Sstate( to Messrs. Gibson, Ellis, andl
es myself, distinctly, that ie shouldl not,
it pending thle electoral count, interfere
.. for, or against eitlitr of the claim
s ants, that thie troops were instrictrd,
anrd should remain instrncted only to C
st preserve thie public peace, that as farl '
le as thIe armed occuplation or posses
Ssion of thie Couit building was con
cerned, it did not matelially diff- rL
lt from thie armnledl occupatiou or pos- e
he session of thIe State Honuse, and hris c
policy in this matter of thIe claim
ants fr thie State Government, was
r's containedl in the words "hands off,' a
rd except for preservation of peace and II
lh public order. General Grant further 0
le stated, (and hIe carried out his state- d
se ment) that as soon as tihe electoral n
g count was completed, lie would issue f;
ie an order directing the withdrawal of ti
te the United States troops, from the d
of vicinity of the State HIouse, to their (t
.! barracks. The reasons given by him ri
'8, for postpouing that order until the o
o- completion of thie electoral count Y
ts were; that, for political reasons, and ti
in nccordanoe with Lis views of pro-. ci
priety, the issuance of this order ser
pending the count might be miscon- int
stru('d by the two political parties, oul
and w hile neither of the Louisiana thei
a claimatnts would be disturbed by the pai
contitinuance of the Status in quo, the tee
delay could cause no serious inton- to
l'venience. On the 2nd of March, dc,
ietnaal (Grant >htowed to us the draft nar
i. of the ohder directing the lwithdraw al we
n oft the troops in accoldance ºwitll is onhi
iev- i\iously declared ntiention, which his
it hi said he would send to Gen. Augur in
At by telegraph. That Gcni. (Grant did tog
ai- iect thisordet to be sent, I am fully enI
::tiýfied and convincedl how, or by ev
-I whom it was suppresse'd or withhel, str
It I ami unable to state, and in time, per- jut
of hlap., a disclosut may be made which ha,
i1. will fix the ptclltidy where it lelongs. tlo
s- )u ing the fleqcent interviews had dle
with G(eneral (Grant, (and they were "ti
a- alimst daily, between the 1st of Jan- an
th inary aind the 3rd of March) not the ha
- sli.ghtest allusionti or intimation war let
"f manle, either by hiiself or any of the lie
id fli'fnds and representatives of Gov. thi
11 Nicholls, as to any political bargain St;
Sor consideration for his abstintence m
l iti'rom the i'cognition of either Nicholls as
atf lo Packard. No political barter, di- vi
e- eet or indirect, was ever entered in- wi
'e to, discussted, lp)ropose'd or even hint- li[
al ed at, and the self-respect of all the po
re parties wouhl have prevented then ce
t- frot entertaining for a moment such sp
1, an idea. Gen. (raintt declared that s
"r the use of Federal troops to sustain vii
he State governllmet ts, or for any tther St
id putpose than the sutppression of do- fei
he I estic insurrection and violenee, andl d
preservation of the ptlic peace, was th
th not approved by the Amlerican pen ca
nt ple, that, in his previous action in re
iii Louisiana, he had been guided by el
e- what lie deetnedl to be( a sensei of duty, XW
Ihe and that he had relpeatedly called sih
is. upon Congrtes for action ila the pie- th
ef. raises, and no lit d hadl been given fit
nd lo his call.s, and a:li rt-fore, Ihe shonuld cs
cs. content himsitelf with the course \ hich uI
is, has just hin stated. So luch for
a. the action of (gn. Grant.
of Miuchlt has been said in regard to
ni- Liauisiatna delegiatan and other fritends
tif
les \ithtlrawig t'lofn the Filibustet·in,; o
ta m.vemn.its \which were intetlmhd ad "
er, caleuhltced to dhi'ceat the counting, Iby 01U
il the twin HIouses, of the Ele"ctoral votes. at
i- The wiritten cainnunicatiions signeld l
Inc bylion. Stanley Mat thews and llon. a
ui- ('harles Foster conjointly, and lion. c
cal Stanley Matthews alone, ha've been to
of publishetd, and explahtin themnasIlves. of
yd, My colleague, 110i. E. John Ellis, has hi
n given a clear and concise statementl' pi
the of all that occurredl in the interview 1
Sat Wit tiley's ltel, about the last of
ie 'ebruary, at which Iion. John Shor- W
tie uant, Gn. Ciarlhld, Chas. lFo'ster, St
th- a. Denin o', - I.r . .1 l) t itke and el '
of, others were lii'('t'tnt, aid to kl: pat t. 1i
These saeak plaitsl f " hthe .lve: ;
to- so far as I kanow maul hiiliaa'e, herea
a was nothing iuii them - arind I a
nd itiv'ly ailsselt, with a f'raf itnio lid'i
ii of all tlhe facts aitd awa-i'roant
ta athereof I Sljak, that, in ordar 't. t -
n- cnie the c:rrrying out atf ihii iauai'y if
ias Mr. lavyes it tiegadi to Loai.i:tnrto and
nm ~ntlth Carolina, no political concei
rn- sion, no ahindan tien t of principh, ti
rn 11I n u ldersta t:lll ing or nagreenlPt e t as tf,
ir' office or otfices, as to supipot of thei
li itlcotning admintistrationi anil nit
ipledge tf atay kind or descriptian i
ail- was de'a ;illdll il, lggestead or mentioli
o ed.l The plain hiistory oaf thie matter,
o. andl the reasons and motives which a
I ti
ett infltlenced me atnd thiose who pnrsued
tlh- tie samne coursei that I dlid, were sim
tdply hi'se: The Electoral comimission
inl had decided, that, thie votes if Floridta,
h Lotisiana and Saolth Carolinn, shlioull :
'iti he counted for Mr. Ihayes. The two
- hiaouses of Congress had not agreed
Iof in setting aside the decisits of the I
[ Corunissol. It was in all tprobalili- a
di- ty withint the power of a portion of C
te the IHouse of liRepresettatives, by re
in sort to Iarliaiimentary tactics, i. e. by
iw- what is commottttly kinowrn as filaus- c
ett teting, to prevelt the conpletion in
ijoint se.ssion of the electoral count.
Congress expired by limitation of law C
at 12 o'clock m., on Siunday, the 41t1
of March. In thec event of a failure
the to elcct,'the President pro-temnpore of
the Senate wouldl be acting President
sto of thie Urnited States, and grave
doubts existed as to whether, under
tin the existing law, a newv election con!d
edit be ordIered for President and Vice I
President, in a case of a faiilure to
elect either by the electoral votes or
,y the House of Representatives, of
F President, aal the Senate, of Vice
President.
, It was in the power of the Republi
can Senate to elect as its President
fh J'pro temipore, Mr. Morton, or some
Senator equally as Radical in hiis
on viewrs, and bitter in his opposition to
ift the Saoutlhern people, and in the excit
- ed state of feeling then existing, there
i could be no reasonable doubt that
such selection would be made.
was Standing by the Democratic party
Sas long as there was the slighteest
and hopea of success as to thie inauguration t
ler of its chosen and legally elected can
.te- didates, believing then as we believe
oral now, that TildenI and Hlendricks were
sue fairly and justly entitled to the posi
1 of tions of President and Vice-Presi
the dent of the United States, and thiat
beir they had been defrauded of their
bim righlts, and the majority of the voters I
the of the country robbed and insulted; i
ynt yet with the purse and sword under t
nd the control of a hostile de facto gov- .
emi rnient, with a people divided it c
r sentiment and unwilling to plunge not
intto civil w\nt ; we of Louisiana, and ass(
;, our friends i ho synipathised (With ishl
a that State and South Ctarolina, des- law
e pairiig ttof defeating ,olr e1,nmiieis. and1 or
e heliing it to( e our pa(n1liaoluilt dutty in f
Ito sa;ve' or own State I'ont fulrtlher til
I, d.,:ol tioin anil itntpovelihnnent, de- li t
leit ite ilwd tto adopt silt ('nl) cir5, 1 fiiit
II would tihi.llt our enemies anti sale pre
is our State lionlI tlin. I Mr. i. lyesl in rin
h his lhtter of acceptance hlad clea thi wi
it indicated a desire to :idlopt a polisv- othl
d towarl s the Soithi, rn rates, dillir- tih
S enlt tifro tt vhiiih had plrevatiht nel
ever C Since thie adoption of the recotli
1, Stlllt ol Itnl(',lll 'SS ; on ie ofhi is tl ost isi
intimnate persotnal and political fijiiols khn
It Ihad ihtt a few days beforet , ion the Inid1
. flotor of ('ongrti'ess (iin. ('his. f'ostet) frol
d declaied that lie (Ofr. tHayes) desiired ii
'C to see the i .lll float over Stlttes, act]
- aild iiot over pro inlces."' Mi'. lioans lii
Shalld wtitten to MSr. F'ster (anin his ;ll
tI letter hadi been shown to us.) in whilthi hin
le hlie eiduirsed the views antid sentiments eon
t. thus exlprtsseld by" Mr. flosterl. M1r. tof
ni Stanlery Matthews, anotlliher of his nt I
nimost intl ate friends and llpolitical OIn
is associates, ftlly coincided with thse thlie
i- views, and declared tio (s that hle, ed,
3- with Mrt. Foster, belio'ed, that, Mr. ent
t- Hayes would carry into efctt thie :i.
to policy announced in the letter of aic- th
i ceptan ce, and ix pr,(S(.d in Foster's letI
-1 speech, and with these tsolemin as Ev
it siirances, aind suistaiined by the con- no
in viction that the redemption of our str
t'r State justified the sactiitce of party ing
- feeling and iparty 'reVtetge we abandon- eci
id ed the filihistering imoveiment, and ha
is the electoral count was bronght to a eat
n close on the nmorning of Match 2ld,
in resulting in the declaration of the it
is election of R. B. Hayes and WV. A.
,, 1Wheeler, as Presidt'nt and Vice'-Pir- a
Ssillent. Thlse, and these alone we're t e
e- the reasons which promptnited and itn- gi
tn tfleniced Ihe act ion of myvself and
ld colletgues, anid thoise who actedl with tiha,
ih ts to this miattier. r
il N, (olni prontises., no har'gahins, no li'
trades f or'flices, noll p'riiies of suitp- to
oi ptat or haitlriinuge enltut :d inito th(e C~' i
proceedin . or
i Inuit dit l .tely after tln inain. ation
of Mr. lats, lmy ciolleaiges, Mess rs.
Giit hibsond ll Ellis, and iyself called i
Iuilpon hint in relation to Liiisia la i
iaffa irs. After full and free inter- i
Schange (if opinions, we found that lie g
. was detertinte d to carry out the poll- r'
n. cy einuniciated in his lettoer of accep
n tance, approved by his endonllseent ti
Sof Foster's speech, avouched for byv
Is itis friends, Matthliews and others, and kit
t proilnlgated in his inatugtlnal address toIh
w lWe urged ulpon hint ininediate action,
of especially in the issin re of ailt ord i
r. withdrawingl the troops fromi the
rI, State Iounse and its vicitity. le die
l ('l:t'ed tir 115 his intenittn of doing '
jn.ustic' to ol r Stateln , auid in all 'witi -
her people tto goerel°'n' ind controlll their
'(, ii '1 o ' id l' .i.j n- th n o 'np i' of a nt
othcn State in le Unio . lh (tot: A 11
l l,itwi, l, tha t. , f j t i n Li-: nor,<i I,.!"n .
to lite Pri',ide ntiil ihir he woiuibl L
not aet hf'i<Jli', lyeq'1.sted' us to i nil
Vi;e our peiiple to he tetient firn ;
snlho tim-. to ollil' ervp Inwlr e tie: nh i
nid
order. Dlecl tiled lat th ile nited S tlae In'
S iitropr i Wolht he Iisek d for ln othr' 'l
,tqu'poe th ini in pieserving the pnh-' Ito
it lic pleae', antd inintited that in his ii
nt ophinion, the SDprt lit nd mocsi t jnli-th
ciolu mode of bnriging st.tott a de
fititive so ttnlemnte o' of the stiln
cotlhl h. ntcotiplislheil hy appoiniltin _
a Comin it sion of pioninelit, it par
itin nd diirested gentleui'n fi'omn
I different Sectiiont5 of the Utiion, whili
lshoult visit Louisinn. nlook into the
conlition of afaTirs ind. report the
if esnilt of thniir inqririesa nil nhbse'rva
tiorns. 1e'. protested earnestly agatinist
this, as ini volving delay in til ' settle
t inentl of the tvexed questhi, itkeepig
lii- alive the prevalent and angry ex- T
ofitelent, atd asked flor iltmellliltet
action oni his part. The President, at
bwith tihe nnitoits pnrroval of the
cabinet, (is he iifornedi its) deter
terminedo, however, to send tie Cotm
mt nission t, Louisiana, and it was ac
cordingly done. The report of tite
Comminsion is befire the country.
The dissolution of the Packard Leg- 6'
of ilature, tile unquestioned legality of
tle Nichollls Legislature, the estab
lihthment in all its departmients of the N
Nicholls governnln ent filowed in I
that gover:mtent extend thronigltt '
(it'
oclass of its citizens. Pending all
o these efforts, several proclauations A
ce- were issued by Gov. Nicholls atnd
several resolutions adlopted by the t
- Legislatute decairatory of itheir oh i
et jIcts, anims and intentions. In atll of N
these, assturances were given that tite
governmitetut wotld be adminilisteretd
to in the interest of pieacei and good or- r
cit- dier, for the proe,'ction of citizens, 0
ere without distitction as to race, color
tat or previous condition of servitude, a
pledging a fair and effective system
rty of public education to all childreu in
st the State, white and colored, avowing e
ion the determination to enfiarce the laws "
n- firmly and impartially, and disclaim ti
tye ing any intention of persecution on
ere aceont of political offences; but, int
)I-- no instance, promising amnesty or II
r- timmunity for crinte. These procla- t
hat mations and declaratory resolutionsb
tOIr were voluntary on the part of Gov. ii
era Nichofla and the Legislature of Lou- "s
isiana; they were not demanded by
der the President or his Cabinet, they
W- evidently meant just what they dc
io la.trcd. in plahi ttglish and there is
ge not the slightest foundation for the
id assertion that immunity from pun- Ma
ith ishllent for violation of the Criminal
(s- laws of Louisiana, was either asked
,Jl or coneelded, directly or indirectll.
ty in favor of the nmenmlwrs of the Ii'- )
ier t nling; Board, or :iany other personl;
le- liable to proe intiot for criminal tof .l
fs tenets, Is a qiful pr9 ,to, aý lll Ui X- it
1'e plru' , or tal'it It dl el"t1 ' la ill;', or' a4 '
in l(onsidrl 'atio Itl or iieltiCl enlll it for the
ly withdrawal of the tro'op, or alu. .I
icv other :lt or ants tenlilng to th es- iti
r- tililishnicit of the rightful govern
led IIn(nt of the Stat*. cI
n- So fior as the mlelmlhers of the Lou- Ph
\
ost iiana ('omlm!izsiotn 'are co-te'rned. I h,'
ils know fromt freqilent ('conv'ersationsl lih
the hal with several of its members, an 1 tih
.,) t from my knowledge of its proceedl- ('
red( ilngs, that no agreement of tlhi clhar- tI
eS, acter was entered into hy the ('oin'- c
acs Tin.si on or any of its m-inl: r wi: t i
his any personl of lpersolnsl anthol izld to
ilh hind the people, of the State. or its
nts constituted anthoritiecs, to such a line
I I. of conduct as yon refer to iil reg ard
his to proseentions of criminal onlf',ndelrs. 1
ieal On tlie contrary, these genltlemen of'
se (the ('omnlission ulnhesitatingly stat
he, (d, that, they could not and would not th
eM. entertain any ropositions lookinlg to cu
the any hargains of a political charnacter, of'
nc- that. their powers were (1tinlill ill the p
(i's letter of instructions written by Mr.
as LEarts, and they were clothed withil
on- no authority to go leyond lthese in
outl structions. If any sneh understanld- 
arty ing as to these exemptions from pros- J
on- eeution exist, I all sure they are not up
n )d based on any agreements or copltact iof
he
o0 i entered into by those who were inti- si
lid, mately connected with the settlement I h
l(: at \1ashinltoln and sIuch agreement s
A* 1ould have savol'ed so strongly of of
iabject eones-ion of right, and surll'
'ere relnder of principll, as to have dis
iil- gngtedrl all honorablh ;)arti,'es eigaged.
int It seems to me, that, the cry whichl
ith 1has h1een raised Ias to hadl faith and1 ,
breal(ch of 'lmplllact, is toitally nIfound
,ino ed, ald I cannot believe it will avail
llp- to prevent ll investigation of the tl
the charigeis contained i the ilndlictmenti Il
or informations. A fair and imipar- ti
tal tilai! , 'efore the Colrts of the &
lion iIt(: sho)ld, atnd d)oubtless will be a'
5s1. I i
ha w r awrded the parties accused, ani lI
afier suich fair trial the verdict andl t:
ter- jdgmel(nt, whether involving t heir
tel'- 11
i he guilt or innlccuceI, will imeet the ulp
pi'rovil of all good citizens. If (Gov. i
p Nichiolls n:made any such agreement as
lnt to immunlity, or had( any" und(hrstanld- l
inii y lg with any parties, I have no ,I
rhv
an I kno)Wledg' of it, nor have I sioie or
n hard of any declarition on lhis part,
nn to tiha;it effect.
-0 x1 t'v'tis e. , ti
To
Fa rmersJ.
[I have . lthtl s.vt erall thlt;,. us ld po| un s .
.f PAi(RIS EE man iacturh d in St.RE
il.ouis ,nod4ter ily own dirclion< ohickh I
w. ill furui. , in d .midred ,un;,u tit ,, at l'w .
! i stitrli t pri ce to, planteTrs ret quiri ng
aine. Topil rii.s pled ing t heir cn sign
nt'tr f o ' t,, tO i me this fill. I will ntl
v\ane thi, l'ari (Green with the thour or
sprinklers neessary to apply it. Should
the caterpillars put in anl alpptareance in
yolulr scti in, seind yoLur ord irs to me at
once. and theyii will de lpromptly filled
butler ahor,, couditionls.
Cornecr SE(CONI) and IIORN Streets.
r EEPS constantly on hand a tull sup
1I ly of Melons, P['eawhes, Apples, Pears,
and Vegetables for sale at cheap rates,
and supllietd at all hours.
Wagon delivers vegetables at residen
ces every morning.
July 21-3m.
JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMENTS, a
SUCCESSION SALE.
f Succcssion of Valery Galeunie, Dcc'd.
pY virtue of an order of the lHonorable,
) the Parish Court of the Parish of
te Natchitoches, to that eftect granted. and
to 1nm directed, I will sell at public tl
outcry at the Court House door in the '
) parish of Natchitochcs, to the last anrd "
:o highest lidder, in legal subdivisions. on d
it I ursdty, the 23d day of Augtust next,
Sill the following descricbd real estate oi
situated in this parish ielonging to the D
SSucers ion of the said Valery Gaiennio.
is All of Section 55, Township 10, North of
Range 8 West. and all of Sectiou 89, _
Township 10 North, of Range 7 west,
oe containing in all one thonsand four hun
. dretl and lifty-four and 03--100 acres,
oNorthwest Land District of Louisiana,
according to survey approved by the
te Surveyor General on the 20th day of f
, .June, 1857.
Also Lot No. 3, in Section 18 north,
range 7 west, containing forty-cight and
, 01.100 acres. .
Also I.ot No. 3, of Section 15, township
l0 north, range 7 west, containing eleven
e, acres.
ni Also Lots Nos. 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9, in See..
tion 3(;, township 10 north, range 8
n west, Northwest District ot Louisiana
tg containing one hundred and fourteen and
16- It00 acres.
Also that portion of Lot No. 1, in Sec
t tion 37, township 10 north, range 8 west, h
nlying north of Three League Bayou, and y
that portion of the northwest quarter of q
the northeast quarter of Section 37, and n
r that portion of the southwest quarter of o
the southwest quarter of Section 36, in . I
township 10, north of range 8 west, f
38 north of Three Loagne Bayou, containing ti
v. in all abshout fifty-eight acres, all of which
is more fully described on the Inventory,
to which reference is hereby made.
STeri-n of Sale.
Y CASH-subject to appraisemenut.
D. II. BOULLT Ji:.,
is July 21.tds. Sheriff.
le StIERIFF'S SALE.
n- MaI in ('. 1Pro,it, surviving Ex 'tor. &t.
al Vs.
(:hastan 1). Mitnyor. tI
i) Di.itrict Court No. 7.,.;.
f virtue oft i writ of Fi 'F:1. i4u'tld }Iy
the) the lion. lit, D)istI.i:it (Iili ' It ti, at
i-t I li the piirish oft' Xatiiih ilo, a in i. it '
o ' , -a le to th1 1:1-;i a n d h i, ,h e s t ,, 1id eh r a t ('
ith door 4f ' ih , (',,urtflhu ,' ill tilh ' l i ',
anti I ari ih o if N lhitel'li,i . , iii
" t f al iti th t ,'I l th i /Is r' .1ittl I T77,
' s, itlh. itt ) l if i shi lih 'l r p tl. to w i
I 1. I 'liiio hiu in d i n't ld fort ;\ s i f ii al fl;ind
' - it . ato'i oln ihri i,,t 1 i o. f 1 't p irtri ,e.
cl i ,in- i i i:own : I. v lth llltanl
)11- 1t ly,.r pMet :1' . - ,I lnd} iI re l 11, und
n I, laul- of .tl helti 1 L tir it' ',t W est
1 t o ('i n,, ,ti' vr tog.eth,.r Iito h aill thot
s I 1ihbliu'< m:l ill w.i lnt,.i Iltto'e a lt
M thr.eto h lolgit , al.o all t' tlhe pre.selt
t-ralwing: ,'top) . t 'o t2) l,:ll,. inand,,d
- ('. A. on1 yoke el" Ox:i ir.i :,Ld C. it .
!1.- t wi ,t ) Plou'v . t wo (2) `.".'ee.lr,. oni (1)
Haturr -W, ogle sorrel 11(,lr , onil,' pair tracet
fli chai . l d o t . x l'; , .
ri NOTICE.
iri N ttC s"wn oqf T lett s' I et,, , l'"t'.
o II. ' rI;PE SI.XI)IOT ;RI';l?).Has 11 hti vi
tl- I ii twlit'th'lin theo a nitt nistrlaln l itli"
n tt .th o , n ioi t orla ' ih, tt 5t.l i, ,sI, ond..
hlih' is hrlbvy iivev to \ Ipr oi i it i Ra\t
, to ,fi 'itis to ishow ll wiite hini ftion dat'.
tcr, of tlisl at. wh\ lh' aplic licttiilh of t ti '
c t sh ouhitilner .o u l n it l ei rintd.
t .P. A. SIMMoNS,
Io t-lil, o lhort tiis I Cfitl I )t'Jyilly, to Ie
,M J lt" I 1e-r  r ll. Plr, s.h, itife. i
s cih ow clrse withi fen l:i s froi date
I sh-hl c otte I-otniuced. Titt er
ea'd WIT O'CS L':P. "I". (iN TWaiSE OT'-li
not opins, d Catl for f arihCituIt iut
not i f t ihe n ei'aisit of ' Nat ei If ' lslt-,i nIt iet in'
to re & lti gi'i flti'en to \llipirso 1 ihte tsz l
atolltoti show canoe wi thin n ' it'f dant
tenr ft hirs ih the ity atie apnilitti of Natitihe
t hI etition et i hl not
nt litnsess Jll' , I 1 . P. .\i Siin ons, jt iige
lf i faid cotlrt, this 1fth d:y . f July, \. D.,
J.NO. LtAPLc'.:
, O lS ilty 1 -r Sit. E l lluty ti lerk
Noc livR IEwIFII"F'S SAiv .. . P*i.
hi tiht oi' isrit b itll it,, lp t arion l Ca i rt ilt
n ot a ppo intedh of Na f hil tesi, ;'it t' Iiet
nt l irl, I i, i ts l tte 'it l a t nlv, I i i ths h nd
itiit of l T, Me ier and . J. dec . as i ket, it
er evyr of to. 3 1 llpers s.& o..tLr s aJ k
cti I ieriiin, wh.ir lthil n ys, I r have s'ize
anid will otier lfor alhl *t to fhe, last aidl
hiht idhrt tih d r wf the appictioillpt-io
Ila n  in the city atll'l p. ish of Nat:hi
Wtchess I .
fri ot I rdgurti , th i P'th d i1 l of .'ilt., - I),
i he followtirt destrifit'd iiropi itt t o wit :
it' ir i ty t i si strect with i
oi hb i a il Alit lht aJltiti w hl it r C tt' r
av nd Mrs. 1.J.J. M Tiei( , ( w ized |s the
a r li t :o Pf rIts 31. J. MeTier. a
A lsno certlein lit o if I rltlin' a swritt d of
t i( th il city ansid lIatli's i' f h Naetcit ocltes
t '&iit all t-ne bh ilrdigtSt'tl. I hiairvet i/nits
ithr'l nill sitfl'tf'd lt' the tofies t shil of
sthihnsd H!tret', htuiu ehoer o f th e tutuh hy
n Sitl] u s'ei , t i ast b' a sec'oni l sit'oct
N()l0th hy lt, 1low ow f'd hy JU. 1P"7e,
anll d the on st by lot tWne| he llhn
i'(e, s it' d as the properh u of l th de
t; idant lit ('. J. ('. Iu'iikiettt'.
S7Ar n s o f 'lall.
f it\- Stt t itllout til, !'u'iil sti t l caipii se
I davit i i tlt a r is of ' l
S D. Ii. BOiLLT1'. Jt.
June 2 :i-tds. Shleriff.
(,w StElilI:'SSAL'.
Satl- no tis.e i h oerchats' ien ui thl.gaph ol. i
a n tilt- cit i'iity ton parv oa-f wit ht t i-ti
l"--" i the o 'lr h uil h tisl Distr, it Cour t for
ub I ti tihe Parish of West,;. La.i, ui
0 Illth ., 17
n ati Y VIRTUE ofhin ordcr and writ L ,
i t ull' e it sale issuet in the a o.ve
m.li will oi , r l r _lle atl the ' rlirl houtl.
la ofr ilit the Iit , i" of lN titlci tri tchels ou -
Saturl ai tpae t day of Au7l t7,, i877,
withi he lhgal hooiirs of ale, J.f. esi,
stil tjct - o aplt raistictn) c nt tl h fillh owingt
i des'i lheic pron rt "t s- izd ;s lhe o . ropert
oif C id ief11dan viz : The [Tlegraph
. ine fron thll· plii'ish oft Roed fRi'Tr ,i0 the
pariLh o Orit rinlni-G hroNiEh haU lar.
ish f hiocs otr with he of-ICE
l'e N ixtres, h oft'ies and lia te c t'litin .
lltc Ittiari ofit M i lltl' alnriitS Illi- fi'x
taui eo Iantri.' ir nd hoe rteblyoii nces in the,
r .itt qufe Nasctd itop chese ; also iniet ding E ill
t hd wire, t ri les eiI 'rc ted, iiit sulalors andi
se of Aiight oltf ,in rid teh'tl aph lin i frosnt
lear the lhie of Ibd River pari-h thr-ugh to
3t, the lineof Grallt parishi- icluding all
tile titures, inprovement. and other
i'en apirhnas en thireni and theilniii Io
tilgraph ofthati." with all the righls of
S lyant inl the said pariesh of Nath Sitoches.
M DA . 1OULLi, Ju
Jilnie 23-h14. Sheriff.
plied for thei administration of
the succession of Juh av, deeased,
n the notice is hereby gi\-en th)'l whom it
o he D.,1 7.
T. OIIN I,.\I Cl,\';,
July N le.I! -i. lte llrk.
Iann , ALL lersois owing Tl'axes |loid. Liceltnsl
the nt to the city o" Nachitefo les rll'l herl:
ta y of no tifiel tha I will eiforc' t he |ipll,
ill Ilit of ths mt a dhrected by Ordi
ilor th, nle passed July :i, 1 77.
]ah'ilse notice ordinance and save cosi
lev LEON GlII, NEAUX,
ril Mongoiniery, Lia.
te'd \Vugous $3;5< 75.
hts COi I IiNTRY PR .i
of Cot ton-
hv "Wool--Lauisian~a, tl:cn
'rtet l aides--"a 1'Te.
11n2, Furs--Ofter $1 5t0 a'2
in Iay-. 19 per loll
ie - Cor( i - t'.if L.c .I'r m 'll
l'. V'idei 11r. .o:~ l.,l':> 111'ale
Peea s-~ .50 I A) 1.
lggs--l 'i 20e ier do
Butter--(osheu, 25c )
tis'- Choice estc
Potatoes- Swect. 75<~
ra~llo, - a a---c per p)o
il. N -eeswax :.. , c.
- tlT . rr- hi'ck -- \' :
ii) C~iG;se P5L
Co. 1)ucks $3p
CI ai ~-r:-New Yxork cream 1n ,16~~
hPerk - ' per l l l2.i
Band-- pCerr,-3 75 per dozlb
Mutton 1()c 1er lb.
V iVeng so--8 2 per saddliu
IcDried Fr it- App's!
at of icas, No'thern--707
e (;ra(ll rries-Keg $3
:ore-ze DRY GOOI
use arints- i c.
s Ion : (Ioi on-- i, It
Starchi 4 ' c
I Low( ,lls-10 12 .
7 , Strip~e.-12.'il 5,.
aish Broga\l s-si L 1:9 7 P lluu
,rt CAN GOOI
nphi Salmon--S 00 ," do.
the Mae ( ,It - 2a2 75 lb.
,l ItIIU.AD STUFFS. i.U: Ib $50i5
r.arrells Lstr-2 00 do .
fix- O t''lI-9 5 per 00 bl.
i .gle Iilk- -$2 95 9 bi
all Yeast Powde's--$204
G AIN AN) FEED STUFF.
Od eaches-$ 5c 0 ptr dosel.
from Pin(, Aplels-$92 25;¢
t in $1 ii -centrated Lye-pr 1I l.
all CASE GO,
ther
g to lB'andy Peachlws--84
ele- i',pper' S'anl'l-$1 75
So Hsat-Whttr ite trsi 3per bush
1'l 'R)VISI1ONS.
iu B t't~ -Sholder9 ` a7 c.
1ºc ~ l'l ) Iri; i' id 's ' a 9.
er- yrake SilterSl- olir350 97
.Plantation Hitte:rs-
ift. LIQI;OR
SNew Y,)rk lh'amdy--l
.. .. Gin--81 3
Imported C,)gnae--$1
ingate Lard-ierce Brandy-1SI1 c.
ac- Cherry Brk-.d17y .51 0 prr l
I). l lack oiy lBranld -
s Pigd, I ort ed-Hl llant il 0i
mn it .J:)un:: 1 Hn
kj Pig Toitgincs aLc a piece.
Pigs Feet-nonten Irish hmarket.
m fWat,.h wli
WINES.
,A('l:,.e --,$1 ft 8 00.
White witn-75 , er)0h'l ds
Chamlpagne-
k.Kr'II. & Co., (gt
(,tve. Clign()t]
B Piona Saage10 12 per lb.idsick
ALE AND POi
SO)rtjeans Lageri per - bbl.
lore- Alilwaukio- -qts. 8 2 7
i ) .y - lB a ,s & C o .,- - hle , p i n
. ..Onions- es.. trn..a0. 502- $6 C
cost Pea Aps- 75 ,
State iiig-T'ax Collex.
n This office is now ope
t ti(i otS-W 5EN ES aundi.
n State ou Krot - i rketish.
ad Coal Oil---- 23 .25c ^,t gallen.
and SUGAR AND .MO0LASSES.
hi uga- Cominon 8}.az
Oie ono St. Denis
1Prime 10} %t .
T Choice li i DAc.
Moa ---Coxam r on, c t.gallon.
11(1 Fair 45c.
1n April Pr. ne . c.
r.Choice (;.C.
I I LUMBERU.
David Piers - $13 per avi osand feet
,Pi e, thi e L a Fir tosand feet.
the Cypress Shiiigles-$4 00 per thousand.'
is diso.lved. The untli
Ste h aign will be 7 oln5
I s COUNTRY PRODUICE.
of (Cot toll
b v\ ied Louisianai, cit-au 155 19
l hby h(' dI.' : .ersign od.
Aprvil 94) it"