J ta t irculton of Atny
Country Paper in Ihe State.
Rates of Subscription.
One Year.....--- ------...........
Six Months.......- ..........
No subscriPtion t.aken for leas than
months.
AT. eNO HA TS
Arrival and Departure of Maisn.
NEW ORLEANS.
ARRIVYE: IDEPART :
Tuesday 4 P. 3. Monday 9 A. 1.
Friday 4 P. M. T'hursday 9. M..
BSaturday 8 P. M. Thllnrday 4 .. m.
Sunday 4 P. M. Saturday 9 .. M1.
SHREVEPORT.
ARRIVE: DEPART
Every day cxc(ept Every day except
Monday, 9 . m. . Saturdav 9 A. I.
TEXAS.
ARRIVE: DEPIAR'r :
Tnesday 6 A. 3!. Thursday 1 .A. '.
Friday 6 A. M. Monday , .. M.
WINNFIELD.
ARRIVE : DEPART:
Thouaday 6 r M. VWedneaeday 6 A. M.
Friday 6 P. M. Saturday 6 .. M.
MINDI)EN.
ARRIVE : DEPART :
Taueday 6 r. 1. . Wednesdaiay 6 A. M.
Friday 6 P. M. Saturdlay 6 A. M.
MIs. MI. A. BURKE, P. M.
Special Notice.-Cavil Brav. Esq.. of
Vernon parish, is the duly aluthorized
agent for the VINSICATOU in Vernon par
ish, and all contracts madel by him will
be fully ratified and carried out by us.
E. F. Pressley and .1. 11. Caldwell, are
our agents for Saline.
Dr. S. AI. Po t, !f nDeSoto paryih,
is the regular authorized trarelling
Agent for the Vindicator.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
No Judicial adrertisemfent will be
insertetd in tlhis paper hereafter, un
less the Atltorney becomes security
for the adrertising bill, which must
be paid on FIRST INSERTION, or
they will be discontinued.
PARISH AND CITY NEWS. shod
- - liqu
LOCAL GLEANINGS. lice
tw
The Catholic Ladies of the Aid Society, tow
sha
are requested to meet at Mrs. M. II. Car- doll
ver's on Snoday next, after High Mass- larl
Old Cane still climbs the bank, and if imi
the Bart Able don t come in next trip, we mm
will interview her. V
Fine lot wagons at reduced prices furin
at McCook & Bro. lice
The late heavy rains were, so we learn, Jol
"11 general, and considerable damage J. ]
has been done. We trust no serious re- Sil
ualt will accrue. Loi
Go to McCook & Bro. for planta- Dr.
Da
tion supplies, &c. A.
Mrs. R. E. Burke, at the Postoffice, has Jo
a large number of the latest noveletts Le
which are going cheap. If you want Jo
-choice reading call early.
Dr. &A B. Connelly, that genial gentle
man from Montgomery, was with us on dt
Monday, and we were happy to have a
shake of his honest hand. Come again pl
doctor, and often. Li
Rev. T. J. Hough, presiding minister hi
at this place, has gone to Shreveport to W
assist Mr. Daves in a religions revival. I
This is the picnic season, when the ai
young men string roses in their hat
bands to draw attention from the cus
tard pie on the seats of their pants. a
ci
054 PLOWS, different styales arnd
4 make at McCook & Bnro. 01
Candidates are most positively assured
that nothing rinked nothing gained, and ri
that the only way to let people know
you are in want of honors ir the shape of g
oflee, is to come out in the paper. C
QUERY: '"Why will men smoke com rn
mon tobacco, when they can buy Mar- n
burg Bros. '&al of North Carolina,' at I
the same price I" Fob 9 '78-Iy. I
Reeves, the man who killed Wasbburn
in this parish last month, was captured t
in Winn Parish by deputy sheriff Hart- I
man and lodged in jail, at this place, on
Baturday last.
One of the most convenient articles for
home is the Patent Shade, owned and
sold exclusively by McCook & Bro. CaIll I
and see it.
Mrs. 3. A. McKenna, from what we
learn, is keeping a first-class boarding
house and giving great satisfaction to
the local as well as the traveling public
gr Wtable is supplied with all the deli
a" of the season, while the rooms and
accomniodations are first-class.
Nor TOO LATr-A small lot genuine
Cheathem's cotton seed for sale by Mc
Cook &, Baro
Our railroad people are but little re
*ovpd in genuine happiness fronm the
yoeman of this section.. That
e000 ,'oO"hoped" as all up "right
ahavp,"'-Tbe grading goes on bravely in
t1alia, and we are slowly but surely
s" tar wy to Shreveport.
Ron. W. A. Strong, was with us for
a hl eai c..Moonay last, and his host
Of'ft"d greeted him with every ex
JSdl s otfyenuine pleasure. Willie is
eatyonag man, and Natobitoehes parish
s well as the VINDcATrOR, feel justly
Spreoad e soii.
[tESTmr WHITES, SOW PIOS FOR
1) bmreed purpoaes. Ap ply to
ri:~-l 8Jo J. C. TSRICHELL.
-t .cCgpt.Ib . COdi, o of our most pop
lgamerchants, returned with his family
hem New Orleans on Tuesday -last.
Capt Caspati was a delegate to the
Coavbiltib of the irder 6f B'nai B'rith.
Wy urs e eped to record his robust
ealthb.
Xakehowi~. I ; ppy by buying a family
:'ightfp e~ l ·mLb and scrub broom
1 t a i g e I ~ a B r o .
The steamer Texas, as well as the Pool T1
era generally place the VINDICATOR Uln- Amol
der many obligations for files of city pa- inertnei
pers, as also does the Assumption. The tn 11un
"boys" are all our friends and as a whole tIhe phII
cnrrent
they are too good to discriminate he ties, a
tween, so we lumnp our thanks to all the gest the
offices both Indlependent t and Poolers, stretlgt
tinlnlintg .di. Inrgiie. langoti
n namolig
19 1- SACKS Texas Rust Proof Oats which
Sjust receivedl at McCook & Bro. and o
and fI
C('Tos will suller a great deal now from then, v
too much rain. Cotton, they tell us, is of the I
I~blott
somewhat retarded by the late cool nights whicho
and is afllicted with*"sore shin" and "lice." myriatll
Corn, however, is as tine as ever grew ; is avow
giving promise of an ahbiundant yield. to le 11
inullen
Our District Court assembles on Mon- exteins
day,Junne 3d. The business of the term lbeen 1
Illedicii
will not, so we understiand, be great. In ned
criminal matters the work is surprising
ly sumall wheni compared to former conrts
This is owing entirely to the julry system, tNitct
aided by an uprighlt Judge and ait fearless, during
staatllh
able l)istrict Attorney. which i
New 01
A fall line of all grade goods at ire- cos,,,,trn
duced prices at McCook & Bro. and W
cure a 1
Mr. Smith, proprietor of the Caldwell etrectet
run of
Herald, droppedl in upon us tduring the hiiurs
week, and we were greatly pleasedil to at io
form his acquaintance Mr. Smith re- our
ports his parish as pecnniarially and liopi a
(politically solhd. Crops are looking cougre
promlisinlg, whllile overy bdly favors a t.ered t
vigorous pQlicy andi a Constitultional ticiliti
three I
Convention. privat
over 4
PERsoNAL..-Our city Ipeople were much the pa
pileasedl to greet Messrs. Jos. Henry, H. '"
11. linatborn, B. Rushing, L. Chopin, W. and II
.Zen ha
B. Butler and J. N. Armstrong, who vis- that ti
itedl us during thie week. These gentle- Ill la
- ment report their respective sectionls hard i-tnpe
ditlica
pf at work with assurances of a handsome will h
el retiutri for their Ilalbor. ias
The ilependent ste:amboats force shlops:
tactor
tfreighlts down to 10 cents per bale for would
re cotton, but not one of them go to Wash- Plow
machi
-ington in the interest of thie people of 'rIe
ledl river, as Captain Jos. Aiken lid, PiR:
and secure al approprianttiln to imuprove f it i
the navigation of our river and to se_ ia m
cure us high water rates the year m
'mrund. liThat's the dlifference between vial a
iaexh
the Pooler and the indlependent. Oats.
be Mc Cook & Bro. is still receiving at '
)e full line of all styles of goods at low- P sa
ty er prices and to snit thle times. part
We would (conlnend to the careful at- been
or telntio oif those interested the following lag ws
ing extract from the revised statutes- Nncee
" Sec. 910 :-"Whoever shall keep a grog Goe
g. shop or tipplitng shop, or retail spirituous arepT
I a' Pmealt
Sliquors without previously obtaining a $5 to
tueni
license therefor front the Police Jnury, Crop
town or city authorities, on conviction few,
shall be fined not less than one hundredl ecti
ar- dollars nor more than five hundred dlol- per'i
and,
lars and in defatult of payment shall be ally
I if imprisoned not less than fifteen days nor talsb
we mnore tlhan four months." aud
isli,
W H. Tunnard, Clerk District Court, Toa
es furnishes the following list of marriage to e
licenses, since our last report:
in, John Best to Sarah Wyatt.
age J. D. Hyams " A. E. Gaienuio.
re- Silas Anderson " Elizabeth Slaughter.
Louis O. Perot " Ant. N. Christopher. BE]
ta- Dr. Penn Crait " Mrs. V. E. Terrett.
David Allen " Fabby Allen.
A. L. Metoyer " Heloise T. Gaiennie.
has Jonn Neeley " Frances E. Pouncey.
Levi Willis " Mima Robertson. Er
'ant John Buck " Malinda Stewart.
ba
atle- Buggies and Wagons for sale at re- cal
s on duce prices at McCook & Bro. fa
ve a Mr. Moses, the eminent New Orleans sht
gain photographist, came up on the Bonnie mi
Lee Tuesday last. Mr. Moses combines 50
ister business with pleasure on his visit and ho
t to will be pleased to meet all his old and fte
I. new friends at LAcosTE's HaLL where he mr
the and onur yong friend Jimmy Moise will I'
hat take the best pictures ever before execu- se
ted in this city. All the conveniences of so
cn8
a city photographer and as gcod pictures
can Ieow be secured, and we hope all of tli
anl our citizens will supply themselves. so
THE MAILS.-We were pleased to meet
eured Dr. RLH. Peterson, mail contractor, du- ti
and ring the week and he assures us of a -
now great and beneficial change in the mail i5
pe of echedule. From this date we will re- g
ceive our mails from Shreveport in 26 b
com hours until July let next, when the daily "
Mar- mail ceases and it becomes a try-weekly* t
,' at Dr. Peterson, in common with all com- il
ly. plains of the roads and we believe his e
,burn complaintjust. Our efforts must be ex
etured tended to securing good roads, and ac
nart- continuance of the daly service to
e, on Shreveport. c
Your local observed H. C. Myers hold- t
lee for ing a levee on the corner of Front and <
1 and Horn streets, tle day of his arrival. He 1
CIhll seemed the centre of attraction and was
the recipient of many egelal greetings
at we from those whom we consider honorable
arding gentlemen. The moral of thisis obvious,
on to and it teaches a lesson, bow good, we
u bblic. leave time to judge The lesson is in
deli this wise: If you desire that social re
isand cognition which a great many honest
young men, by integrity and labor have
failed to achieve, steal the sacred funds
ennine of a school treasury and you secure the
yy Mc- boon. Seriously, this hand shaking with
felons may be a matter of pleasure with
f tle re- some, but the public regard it as bad
i the taste, to say the least.
. TThat RAN S@ronM-On Saturday and Sun
"right day last our vicinity was visited by one
rely in of the heaviest rain storms of the season.
surelyy The electric display, on Sunday night
particularly, was as great as it was
us for sublime. The scintillation was so rapid
i isboth as to almost render the distinction be
17 ex- tween flashes impossible,' while the at.
illie is mospbere was completely and fully
p parish charged. The editor, returning home at
j jstly 81 p. m., felt the shocks perceptibly
while he was effected by electricity as if
IFOR nader the inflnence of a weak battery.
Violent and sudden headaches were com
plained of by scores of our citizens. The
atppop- rain' fell in torrents during the whole
family night, while the wind was strong. Since
laast. then, we have had daily showers and a
to the warm atmeesphere.
BBrith. It was announced some time ago that
robust a patron saint of the newspaper press had
been selected; but a coontry editor in
fefmily forms us that "hie patrons rin't forward
broom ing their subscriptions any more prompt
b o than formerlgy.
The Antecedents of Disease. from dh
Among the antecedenuts of disease are th
p~otism
inertness in the circulation of the blood, degrada
Ali unnattuarlly att;"nuatted condition of As lons
the phiysiilul* ijudiieting that the life stained,
cnrrent is deflic'i'ent ill nutritive proel"'- sati; hi
ties, a wanll., haggard lock, inability to di- the mid
ge-st tlhe food, 14s5 o'f appel'ti'te, sleep and111 willing
strength, an1ti a senIsation otf ono at oral nj4'ilg i
langour. All thlese may he regarded , cri Ingil
amolng the indicia of approaching lisnS.e inv th
which will evelntually attack tilhe systeml We
and overwhelh it, if it is not hituli, lip I tint: wl
:andl fortittll ill adlvalce. Inligorate, of K'i
thenl, witlhout loss (of tillme, llakieg clhoice dlalgerl
of the greatest vitalizing agent extanIt, private
Hostetter's Stomach littlers, an elixirl' ''111hose1'
which lhas given health andll vigor to his cow,
mllyriads of the sick antd debilitaltedtl, whichlli a str
is avouclllhed by physiCianlls 311and anylysts to deat
to he pure as well as effeti've, which is Fedel
immelnllsely popular in this colntlry, a11nd our pe(
extensively usedl abroadl, :and wlhich has despolt,
1een for years past one of tile leadlillng fronll ti
medlicinal staples of America. MIay 4- It redlerIl
day, w
Our Town and Parish. rey
her, thl
Natchitoches is a town of aloult 4')0O inllhali- our pet
tatis, situlated ioi CIane river, a stllrealm navigable alidin
during thel willnter seaselon by the largest class hef
ste'allmlboats, an11d within four Iuilrs of leld River, th '
which is navigahle during the i entire Year. The Whlite
New Orleans Pacific Rlaillroad, now in coull'rse of the "''e:
construlction, will pass within ten nliles, South Prey
4and West of us : efforts Ilave been made to se- 4 altned
(cre a tap roald which we are certain will be ade
etifected. At present we are witlhin 4(1 hours had st
ruln of New Orleans, per steamlielllr, and within Is even
hours of Shreveport, where railroadl colllni- the fo
, caltion is open to all Western and Northern the
iniarkel s. t~~
Onur towu has three churchles, Catllolic Epis- trillil
hopal and Methlodist, (the latter in course of teled
colnstrluction), attenlded by large andl growing vatisn
rco\l'"egatiInl. hile leecn(erens churches of thb i
same4' dlenominationls allel tie IlBltist, lre scat- blatal!
, tsredl throughoutocl the parirsh, afforlding reli'rio n .ludinl
I tflilities as good as ill any sectionll. Wli have CLe,
three hlandsome school ullildlings, and nulnmerloul its n
private and publiC schools in the town, whilst ence
over 40 public schools were. sustained dnrillng H
3 tihe past year in Ihe parish, through the public servat
scholol funlldl kite.
Pulllic educatioln is attracting great atrentiol!, "el
and ldurillng tile elle year which'll thle native citi
Zn11 has h:ad control of thele it has been shown into t
- that thle implllortance of a goeod conlnlon school they '
Seducation is not to be overlooked. Soanle troll- little
ble has beenI had in scuringll the servicesf of fie
tl einpetellt illnstructors. bult in a short timelll' all a
dlithiulties no110w alttendinIg our pulblic schools atgain
will he overcomeI' tlll'"
Natchitoches has over 40 stores and business Such
llhouses, bleacksmitll shops, andl wagon andl cart Iel
'e shops;l while there 1is a great demand for manle11111
lfactorie's none llave yet sprulng tp. A Feundry' State
11 weeoell pay we'll lere, as also welldll wagon atltd the w
f plow factories, cotton, and wool nmills, planing wed
machine's etc. than
)f 'Ihe towen aend parish are growing some inth
Spopulation, alndl reeunperating trom the long rulle idicoc:
' of (the (lrpet-bagger anld ignlorant Ilnegro; as in No
e f. ct tlhe State and thle whole South. The pelpl- dtone
lation of tilhe palrish is abollt 21(.00. while there Denu
e is ample rooml for ten times that number -not
l ore thlan one-truthl of the areablle land beillg in Repr
cullivatiton. Thle soil aroun0d this town is all111 had (
n' vial alnd as rich as any in tile a orld, while it 1is State
inexhanstablee. Farmers raise Cotton, Corn, a for
Oats. Sugarl Cane. IRice (highlind) Grasses, To' a for
le accee; anil our climate moakes this seclion con indi'
genial for thie yield of grains of all kinds. As lchel
v- stock counlllltry tis is unuarpassed. Our win- nd
ters are Imildl, never beginuing before the early C
part of Decembler. and rarely continuing late'r C.
tha:n the last of Febrnary. dMuch Rttention hlas crati
it- been given,. witllhin the last two years, to the im- hen1
provilng andll rearing o' cattle. holulses. sheep a1n der r
ng Ihogs. alld witllin a shorlt timll tllhs sectiol will
- snecessfullyv colmpete with anyll in the Unioll &
.n thým
og Giod land canl be had for from #2 to $2) per days
acre. The prl'i(ce leing regulated by inIprOVe,- paCl
us melts. location &c. lounse rent inl town Ifrom
a #5 to #2e peer molntlh. Good. ceemfortable tenle- ture
.enent Iloluses rent readily for $11 per molnlth. Wht
I Crrops arel cultivated on the share system, very and
on few paying wages. had
As a honle fr an agricultural population tis
ell section has few to equal it. certainly Inone sn ll11 I
1- perior, and all sulch would meet with a hearty pro[
and generous welcome. We desire. and especi- poll!
be ally invite mechanics, agriculturists and cape to d
talists from the North to come among us, "to
or obey the laws. forget all prejudlices. work hard" port
anld to aid us in building lIp our town and par- TI
ish, and bringing prosperity within our gates barn
Irt To all suIch we say. coao ! We have the IernES il
ge to exchallge for your brain and muscle. trod
_ge All
Our New Orleans Letters. and
- tiand
tisn
Number One. He
ter. - pre
er. BEING PREFATORY TO A CANDID CoL
b. STATEMENT OF TIHE POLITICAL con
SITUATION* san
nie. -"le
ey. NEw ORLEANS, Mlay 22, 187S. wo
EDITOR OF VINDICATOR: No,
Noting with great pleasure the una- up
bated zeal with which your paper advo- Jan
re- cates the right, regardless of what is the
falsely called "popular condemnation," me
but which is really the roar of the "ring- tal
3ans sters," It has occurred to me that you th(
anie might like to place before your readers as
501 1ome account of matters and things po- da;
litical in this great city, as well as of int
how a majority of us city folk think and Co
and fedl in relation thereto. You know we col
e he are on the eve of the opening of a new to
will political campaign, the political horizon foi
is not a very pleasant one, and a little an
ecu- self-exahnination may not be had for the ad
a s of soul. There is mud in our own political th
ures pool, the people generally cannot see to tih
the bottom, but the spectacles of expla- th
11 of nation and discussion may aid them TI
somlewhat. if
meet In order to better understanding, it is fa
well to take something of a retrospec- of
du- tire view. There is an old latinl roverb pt
o of a -erperienfia docet but I anm eintirely sat
m ail isfied that there are mllly very intelli
i re- gent people aho arc incapable of being
taught by experience. With such, the 4
in 26 bitterest experience means silnply- pl
daily "well, may be things will turn out better ci
ekly. this time." a
oin- tAbnother reason for retrospection is that
com- itmay arouse us' to efforts to openour o i
e his eyes and see ourselves as others see us. Ii
e e x- Self.satisfaction is a dangerous thing in
mnd a individuals, and fully as dangerous in a
commonities of men. li
:e to I do not propose to go further back on b
our political track than the fourteenth of
September, 1874. For years previous to
hold- that day we had been struggling in all
a and orlinary vays against usurpation, des- 6
He potism atid spoliation. Day and night
the brains of men were busied in dens
was ing "peacefilr' and ILlegal" means of
stings deliverance from the oppression that was r
arable on them. I worked freely with my fel
vious, low-citizens, but I always told them that
there was bht one remedy for force, and
i,, we that remedy was force. Warmotbium
i is in and Kellogism meant simply brute force,
al re- and that exercised by unnittigated
brutes, and to talh of overcoming It by 1
bonest "leg~al' means, or through the majesty of 1
have the ballot box was mere twaddle. This
fnfds conclusion had long been reached by
re the others than myself, and it forced itsef
on the minds of so many at last that on
g with the fourteenth of September, 1874, it
with found open expression in crmed revolt
s badd and the easy overthrow of the cowardly
miscreants who had so long lorded it
over us. No man could have watched
El Sun- our long agony more closely or with
more of Interest than I did, and through
y one out all it was as plain as the nose on a
season. man's face, that the whole strength of
night the enemy lay not by any means in him
w was self. On the contrary, he had always
rapid powerful allies .from the ranks of our
own people-let, from the "money pow
1n be- er," (the banks, brokers, insurance com
;he at. panies, &o., that deal in every species of
fflly evidetceeofpnblic indebtedness, good, bad
and indifferent.) 2nd, the so-called
'me at "conservative element" in politics-the
pptibly element that knows not what it is to be
g aasif actuated by stern principle, that mocks
attey. principle in other men, and hsat believes
in always accepting the half loaf, even
e com- if they have to fill the hollow space in
i. The their bellies with husks.
whole I say that these combined classes of
men were worse than a dead weight
Since around the neck of the people at large.
and a Their onatural timidity had its baleful
infinence over others, and their active
dealing in any and every description of
go that paper issned from State or City, by the
tesaad thieves in office, imparted strength to
rtoriin the enemy that they could not otherwise
rward- have hoped for. Of course, there
were exceptions to the rule I have idi
rompt- ated, but they only served to illustrate
what stern virtue is, afld to keep hope
from dying ill the breasts of othltet.. mned ;
The most appalling feature in the des- argue di
potism that was on its, was tlhe utter sio-caller
dlegradation uand corruplltion of theli Ienchi. the othe
As long as the ernine of justice is in- again t
stained, I argue that civilized society is Hayes c
sat; but when it beconles draggledg in ernors
tlhe mire of politics, judges being the ann, wh
willing tools of despots, anid lawyers would r
liei1g with eachi other in fawning and fledged
cringiug betotre these judtlges, then, well Were
uu:nyt the heart of 181 sink within hitn. tion. It
We had reached this revolting condi- Inountent
tion when the hitherto unhroken sn:ece" was irri
itf Kellogg imiltilled himn to the uuo-t tul ilis:
dlangerous of steps-tie seizre ot our fort conl
private arms. This was the lIast straw. is not a
'Thlose whom he had coime to regard as sequent
Ihis cowardilly serfs, rose in their Iuightl sihle to
alil st ragleled Ihis so-ealledt governmuellt I thu
to death in an hour. sligltes
Federal bayonets then overpowered that if
our people uand replaced the form of the had bee
dlespot, but its soul was annihilated, andl the Sta
front that day umust he dated Louisiana's biildin
redemrption. Without the act of that out thi
day, we should have coutinued in slavery. such cc
Previous to the fourteenth of Septem- of the
her, then, there hadl been two divisions of both GI
our people. 1st, the peace party, the law- olligat
abiding party, ( when there was no law!) ana in
the "Conservative element." 2indl, the ation.
White League, the party of resistance treneie
the "extremists." the mn
Previous to the fourteenth, the first pullers
inamed element manaiged to control, and But i
had steadily run on to worse, without to a ci
even an occasional ripple of good. On ing thl
the fourteenth, the Star of "Cotserva- of the
tismi'- so-calledt - paled, and resistance "Extre
triumphed. But federal blyonets glis- foregoi
P tened o'er the field, andto-called "conser- The
vatism" again reared its head, and it. beeni a
. blatantly asserted itselt up to, and in- and co
scliuding the Baton Rouge Convention, when 1
where it ev ni demanded a recognition of der wi
its iname in the ensuing campaign der; a
Hence, the cognomen-t"Democratic Con- lic cre
servative party-the heavy tail to our tasinin
kite. cs of
W'ell, under this name the people went deadly
Sinto the struggle at the ballot box, and muine o
I they won. T'o my mind, a name was of accept
f little consequience; the struggle was one the a1
Sof freetdom against despotism, of virtue the "C
s against cornruption, of property against 14th o
thieves, of civilization against barbarism. The
SSuch were really the issues, and when thing.
t men tell me the white people of this peace,
y State would not have sticceeted without must I1
I the word "Conservatisr 'attached to the credit
gw ord Democratic, I tel them it is worse tor at
n than a poor comupliument to the race- it is pI prin
. idiocy.e ne
in No, the fourteenth of Septenmber had toil I
l done two great things; it had secured a nally,
t Democratic majority in the House of oppos
in Represenltatives at Washlington, and it Yor
i had consolidated the white people of this isianis
is State, andl our success at the polls was better
Sa foregone conclusion. But there were "extr
u individuals-demogogues and selfish only
Ssc ,hemers--who had their axes to grind, caller
I and they kept up such a noise about folly
P; "Conservatislm" as to frighten our Demo
as cratic managers from their propriety;
i- hence, the long and rediculone title un
'll der which our hIanner was raised.
out We won the fight, but Wells. Anderson
& Co., would not aldmit it, and the early
oelr days of Jamnuary, 1877, found Nicholls and of
;Packard, with their respective legisla- of t6
1 tures, each claiming to govern the State. from
th. Where now were the "Conservatives" lette
ry and the "Extremists f" What relation
his had they to each other, and to the exist- New
isu ing status? I mean the leaders, or more man
rte properly the managers. - The fight at the disci
ci- polls had been won, but who was going the I
;' to do the work of winning the more Im
.A' portant fight before us ?
ar- The situation was plain. Packard had the
es barricaded himnself inside the Statehouse, vati
lE8 filled with armed men, and he had the best
troops of the United States to back him.
All the wiles and arts, the "peaceful" derv
and "legal" ways of so-called "Conserva- off;
tism." could avail nothing against him,
He had even filled the room of the Su- err
preme Cot rt, (his right arm, under the "vil
,ID Constitution) with armed men. We tai_
could easily inaugurate Nicholle, but we
must lop off Packard's right arm at the and
same tite Could we do it "peacefully," tiw
"legally ?" Not a bit of it. Could, or
i. would so-called "Conservatism" do it? 1itH
No, it was not in their line. How then?
This was work for "extremists," for the
ina- "White League;" and on the 9th day of
Ivo- January, 1877, they did the work well;
t is they established the Nicholls govern
n", ment at the point of the bayonet. Es- 1
LD88 tabliehted it, did I say ? Yes, but not so Col
you thoroughly, not beyond all cavil or care, the
iers as they could and would have done that pot
po- day, if so-called "Conservatism" had not ool
s of interfered again just as the Supreme Dii
and Court was taken. The military men in
' we control knew that all they had to do was
new to open one embrasure on the Packard ool
iOz fortress and demand instant surrender, to
ittle and surrender it would be; and they so for
the advised the civil authorities under whom ste
tical they were acting; but the "Conserve- an
te to tives," so-called, were at work again, and
pla- the lalfloaf was advised and accepted.
eem The idea was that Grant would be mad mu
if we troubled Packard, and then "all the de
it is fat would be in the fire;" so they called
tpec- off the troops and inaugurated a cam- fe
verb paign of so-called diplomacy. We had
set- cut off Packard's rightarm-the Supreme
elli- Court-and Grant had not lifted a tinger
.eing -'had not even growled; but terrible re- hi
,the sults at Grant's hbnds might follow if we hi
ly'- plied up some cotton bales in Ex-' es
etter change Alley, and pointed a gun at Pack- -
thtard's belly!
athrt Wonderful fatuity! Fetal lack of po
e our litical eagacity!-in Grant's utter si
e ng. lence on the subject of seizing the Sn
us in preme Court through force of arms, the
u "extremists" argued Grant's entire wil- I
ek n liUgness that Packard should fall. He
ek on had never said more than that his troops
ihhof should interpose to stop actual conflict,
asall and to the military mind there was no
des- more danger of contlict in taking the
den- State House than in taking the Supreme
ievis- Court. This was a logical conclusion.
ns of Has it ever been supported by subsequent
revelations! Yes; a gentleman of bigh
t was standing here, was informed by one of
iy fel- Packard's chief legislltors- a Louisiana
etat an nann-that for three drys subsequent to
the seizure of the Supreme Court, they
ftbioc hourly expected the demand for surren- I
force, der, and that they would surely have
itated surrendered at any time in fifteen min
't by utes. After that, as they found us fcr
Thy of bargain, instead of fight, of course, they,
is determnd to hold on.
ed by dtr
itseef This will be marked by the future his
hat on torian as a most important epoch in the
74, it history of our long struggle against the
reolt curse of Radicalism. It was the supreme
rardly moment of the crisis through which we
ded it were passing; it was not availed of; the
atched councils of so-celled "Conservatism"
with prevailed; we passed from the manly po
rough- sition of snecessful aggression against
te on a fiagralit wrong-aegresston that com
gt oof manded the applause of outside commu
nhim- nities-and we lapsed into the low chan
allway nel of huckstering high and undying
of our principles for a half loaf of bread.
o But even after all this, another oppor
e coe- tunity presented itself for our complete
taleeoof redemption. On the night of the 3rd of
od,bad March, our civil authorities received an
-called authoritative dispatch from Washington,
,s-the that they could go on and take Packard's
-s to State House without fear of Federal mo
mocks lestation. They did not do it, for "Con
eli lie servative" reasons. Subsequent accounts
f eeen from Washington told us that Grant's
in, evn tst question on the morning of the 4th,
was whether Nicholls had full possession
sees of of Louisiana-that is, whether he had
weight squelched Packard completely-and he
tllare.e was surprised when answered in the
b ateful h aotwas the peculiar political states
ttoiv ofat that particular mqpent? Why. clear
by the by, that Grant was more than willing to
ngth to retire from offce having the Louisiana
hgrise question settled, and that Hayes would
herre have given his eye teeth to come into of
hersod- lice with no Louisiana uestion to settle.
lustrateA happier disposition o things, for both
ep hope te parties, could not have been imug
ind; ordnlinary political sagacity would
argue directly for it; but one branch of
so-calitd "Conservatmhln" could not, and
the other branch would not see it, and
again the half leaf policy prevailed
Hayes came into otffice to findl two Gov
ernors antd two Legislatures in Louisi
ana, when, goodl Methodist as he is, he
would rather have encountered two full
fltedged devils in the White House.
Were I at all predisposedl to supersti
tion. I think I should at this particular
Snoment htave concluled that Louisiana
was irrevocably ipredesltinedtl to discord
and dlisapp!initment, anItu that bunian ef
fort could do nothing ifoir her; but there
is niot a trace of slluperstition in me, con- OV
se(u1ently I inevitably hold matt respon
sible to himself
I think it may le asserted without the
slightest fear of sucessful (contradiction,
that if the counsels of the "Extremists'
had been adopted on the 9th of January,
the state lHouse. like the Supreme Court
building, would have been taken with
out the firing of a gun. Also, that if
such counsel had been taken on the night
of the 3d of March, we should have put
both Grant anti Hayes under everlasting L
obligations to us, and have had Louisi
ana in pretty good condition for recuper
ation. But this would have been "ex
tremeism," and that did not chime with
the maclhinations of the private wire
pullers.
But it is time this letter was drawing
to a close, and I will finish it by direct
ing the readers attention to a definition
of the two terms "Conservative" and
"Extremist," as it is forced on us by the
foregoing relation of facts.
The Louisiana "Conservative" has
been always for peace when there was
and could be no peace, always for law in
when there was no law; always for or- to
f der when there was and could be no or- fu
der; always for preservation of the pub
- lie credit when by tdealing in, and sus
r taining spurious and fraudulent eviden
ces of indebtedness he was striking it a
t deadly blow; always for the compro
I miie of fundamental principles and the
f acceptance of the half loaf, never for
e the assertion of anything. Such was
e the "Conservative" before and after the
t 14th of September; such is he to-day.
i. The "Extremist" has asserted every
a thing. He asserted that there must be
s peace, that there nlust.be law, that there
t must be order, that there must be public
e credit, through fair dealing with credi
e tor and tax-payer, that fundamental
s principles must he sustained, and that
he never would divide the loaf of honest
d toil with thieves and plunderers. Fi
a nally, he took up arms and wiped out all
f opposition to his assertions.
it Your readers can answer whether Lou
is isiana would to day have been worse or
is better off under the management of the
re "extremists." I say "extremism" is the
ih only genuine Conservatism, and the so
d, called "Conservatism" of the time is
it folly or worse.
o- AMICUS CURVE.
n- Republlean Tricks.
D1 Donaldsonville Chief.
'1y
ad "Hou-" Robert Johnson, a member
la- of the late House of Representatives
te. from Terrebonne parish. opened a
on letter that was entrusted to him in
otU New Orleans for delivery to a gentle
,re man in Terrebonne. The trick was
he discovered, and Mr. Johnson shuns
ng the public eye as much as possible.
m- Mr. Johnson, if he desires to retain
ad the confidence of the great conser
se, vative and republican masses had
he best brazen out his crime. Tom An
ul" derson stole a State and they let him
o- off; why should Mr. Johnson be con
3m: demned for opening a letter Such
the "villification" of Johnson will cor
We tainly "disturb the peace of the State
the and injure our farming interests."
ly," "What Louisiana wants is rest." Po
'sit litical agitators will take notice !
sn I - - - - -
t Our Special Wonder.
ell; (Morehouse Clarion.]
We desire to know of the Caroll
t so Conservative and Madison Journal
are, their opinion as to the probable sop
rhat port the Democratic-Conservative
not nominee for Congress from . the 5th
:me District will obtain in the parishes
an which they represent, and whether or
kard not the river Democrats are prepared
Ider, to again "swap off" their eandidate
ty so for Congress for magistrates and con
hom stables, as was done when McCranie
trva- and Morey were running.
aend And the Carroll Conservative pre
mad sumes to lecture other journals on
I the democracy, and talk of its 25 year's
cam- fealty to party. Bah!
had
reme A Utica doctor is about to run a tele
i~k6 phone from his offiee to the residences of
if we his patients: Death is being made easier
Ex-w every year.-Wilkes barre Times.
IMW ADVERTISEMENTS. Hi
PHOTOGRAPHY!
1846 Established in 1848
B, & C. MOSES,
Of New Orleans.
JAMES C. MOISE,
Of Natchitoches.
WILL OPEN IN NATCHITOCHIES I
W LMay 15th 1878, at the LACOSTE 5
HALL.
We are prepared to take at exceedingly 2(
low prices,
Ambrotypdl, Gems,
Ferrotypes, Poroelaintypes,
rvorytypes, Photogr ahse,
Chromo Photographs,
Microscopic do.
Life Sue, do, 1
S In every style of the art.
B We guarutee our work equal in execa- 1
B tion and $ihh to the best Photographic -
s Establishment in the United States. 1
SApril 27'78-tf.
SHENR A. WALUSLEY,
S(Successor to M. H. CARVER.)
- DEALER IN
SDBY GOODS,
;e GROCERIES,
n BARDWARE,
SSHOES,
BOOTS,
ta CLOTHING,
S. CROCKERBYWARE, &C., &O.,
id Also a general line of Plantation sad
ie Family supplies.
he May 4, 1878.
as NOTICE.
to Having sold out my entire stock to
s HENRY A. WALMSL Y, son of C. L
id Walmeley Esq., Ibeg to solicit my old
of. friends and customers to extend to him
le. a share of the patronage hitherto so
ith liberally bestowed uaon me
H, dAVE
UNPRECEDENTEOD "NE"W
RRVOLI
triges. A
&`138WI
1ITIft1TIOPIjj
$50
For a
OVER HALF A MILION DIITRIBUTED.
of Cat
where.
tore, Bob
ORGD
LOUISIANA STATE LatesetC
styles, re
Lion, sen
LOTTIRY ICOMPANYGi
PI1ANO
to close
and Seco
class ni
prices tli
of Instri
tere' so
This Illustrat
Institution WATER
was regularly in- Dealers,
corporated by the Leg- Geneal i
islature of the State for Edu- premiun
cational and Charitable purposes, 1
in 18608, with a Capital of $1,000,000, 1
to which it has since added a reserve 1.
fund of$350,000. ITS GRAND 81N- Kirkpat
GLE NUMBER DRAWINGS will tes wan
take place monthly. It ser
er scales or postpones.
Look at the follow. olists re
ing Distribu- or or
r tions: per for
r ~PIA1'~O
Beatty't
e tiful in
Rivals
succesfi
ea few
now ne
SGRAND PROMENADE CONCERT prew e
Sano $1:
ii WAR 1
it during which will take place ready,
It iugton.
11 THE
SEXTRAORDINARY D
ie . R
Me Dea
e SEMI-ANNUAL valuab
is find th.
believe
now &
111fil B1tiS
per was it
,es jectior
ons pl
-:)AT(:- tgere
le- 1y. II
ns NEW ORLEANS, stimni
ins oomfo
Benso
kin highs
er- TUESDAY JUNE 11, 1878, b
ad has t
plasta
Dn
jim Under the Personal Supervision and GRJ
oe
ach MANAGEMENT G
oRj
or
ito ---
** GR~
Po Ge. 6. T. BRA UREGARD,
of Louisiana.
GR
-ANrD- GB
roll Ge. JBAL A. EARLY, G
real Of Vslrinia.
o0p
rive For
5th ble
shee . - ole
ir or invi
ared sow
late
coa- Iapital Prize, o'
ble
pro- AAAes~ bros
10000000. oido
ear's bor
for
san
tele
:es of
~asier NOTICLE FPe
* Tickets are $10 Only ; DA
Halves, *5; Fifths, *2; Tenths, $1. WI
Fr
1848 - -
LIST OF PSIZES,
1 Capital Prize of $100,000. .. .$100,000
1 Grand Prize of 50,000.... 50000
I Grand Prize of 20,000 .. 20,000
9 Large Prize' of 10,000.... 20,000
4 Large Prizes of 5,000.... 20,000
CHES 20 Prizes of 1,000.... 20,000 i
:OSTE 50 " 50.... 25,000
1 0T " 300 - 30,000 PI
dingly 200 200.... 40,000
600 " 10.... 60,000 Ia
10,000 " i0....100,000
APPROIXIATION PRIZES, i
100 ApproemetioS Primes of .0
100 do. do. 10..0,0
exece- 100 do. do. 75... 7,500
raphio -- -
is. 11079 Prizes, amoanting to......- 5
kam. 6. t. HI UIlElI, 6f Ieuisau. I
Cii. JUDAL A. :1111!, f iriaIIus.
Write for Ciroularufr sent ordir to
M. A. DAUPHIN,
~I'RIN, P. O. Bs eGN, New Orleans, L5.
& O.,
ion sad
REGULAR MONTHLY
ktoo DRAWING
of C. JIly 9th.
I to him CLASS gO-CAPITAL PRIZE *8w0,
ieto a Whole Tickets, P.00; Halves, 51.00.
rE ! * May 2-....
NEW ADVERTISEIEN'f1S.
REVOLVER FRE e*wih ,
triges. Address, J. IBown A- 'S(,:, " 1 :i
& 138 Wood St., Pittsburg. ia.
05 'iThat Sanford's nldica Il
S C(re for Catarih lil 1110
instanutly relievi- aneol e
ily cure. I1 decI e
lieury Wills. Et., 1 \\ii
Fargo & Co.. .XInorI
For a ase Y.; \\Win. HIwn';. 1 n I
MclTHtton, (;Grit \. I
en., St. Louis TI t " 11
als anti treatise hy i.1 .
of Catarrh Price, with imtroved id
haler, u1. Sol t 1\
where. WEEKS & 1'OTTI"'1:. L'rl i
tore, Boston, Mass.-vol. iv-\no2 i-t.
ORGANS Highest hoinr It al
ORG S Worlds Exhijhituiou.
LateetCatalogues and ('CircularI \\t i;i II\
styles, reduced prices :ani 1l uII in ill'trn
tion, sent free. MASON A II.\Nl.IN t11;
GAN CO. Boston,New York ic(is'.,
PIANOS & ORI 1\S ' ; li
to close out our present stick of :t. Net
and Second-hand Instrunents of t ie fir t
class makeis, fully wa irantdi Ind :it
pricesthat defy conlpetition for this ici
of Instruments. Agents wante tel 0\\
ter*' superior bell orga s at bI u ri;tn).
Illustrated Catalogues Milld. II,1' At)
WATERS & 80,. M:lant t1rer 11 a1'.
Dealers, 40 East 14th St New Yoik. AI
Geneal Agents for Sroningers (JClebratei
premium Organs.
21 l1 Soldiers and Witluwse:s altI-t\
get Pensions by writini 1 to .11
Kirkpatric, Cambridge, Ohio. ,Ilagit ira
tes wanted as agents.
' Another battle on h igh llI
prices War with iniop- 11
olists renewed See Beatty's latest Nwshia
per for full reply sent fIue. 1Before hui in,
PIANO or ORG ýN read my latest circnlar
Beatty's celebrated Pianos & Organ, bled ii
tiful instruments! Challenge cimnarison '
Rivals are jealous of lay slleces. ! .l\tt
succesful house in America! (coniniunid
a few years ago without a dollar. sal-"s
Snow nearly $2.000,000 annuually. L.iw-.t
prices ever given, elegont hIosewiool 11
ano $135, 16i stop Church Organs. '11 ;,
WAR tremendous bargains now \\' .\i
ready, Address Daniel F. B1atty. Wall
iagton.'New Jersey.
VEGETINE,
DOCTOR'S REPORT.
H. R. STEVENS, ESQ.:
Dear Sir,-We have been selling \ our
valuable Vegetine for tluee !ear-. and u 1
find thatit gives perfect sati.t;iitloll. \\te
believe it to be the best blood unii iner
now sold. Very respectfully,
DR. J. E. BROWN & (c. 1)Druggis't,
Unioutown, Ky.
BMSON'S CAPC E~RPLASTE
was invented to over comec the great h1i
jection ever found to the old sili t of tIIo -
ons plasters that of slow action in liing
iog relief. Benson's Capcine Porous l'lis
ter relieves pain at once and cure-s iluick -
ly. It imparts.a sensation of gentle a:IId
stimulating warmth, and brings rest iand
comfort to the suflerer.
Benson's Porous Plaster recieved the
highest and only medal awarded to pla'
tern. Price 25 cents.
Each genuine Benson's Capcise PIlastcer
has the word Capcise cut through tihe
plaster. Take no other.
A GREENBACKS
FOR BONDHOLDERS!
FOR GOLD GAMBLEls!
GREENBAOKS
FOR NATIONAL BANKERS !
GREENBACKS
FOR THE PEOPLE!
GRRENBAOKS
FOR ALL PURPOSES!
For which money is used interchaeper
ble at par with Gold and Silver, in a ad
fiolent quantity as to promote industry,
invite immigration, and develop the re
sourees of the country, is what the
CININNATI ENQUIRER
Claims is the only remedy for the ills
brongat upon the couotry by Legislation
and Laws, enacted for the bectfit of a
Monied Class, and the oppression of' La
bor and Industry.
Government Credit esstains our Bonds
for the benefit of the wealthy, let the
same Credit
SUTSTAIN GREENBACKS
For the beneft of the People who sistain
the Government.
SDAILY ENQUIRER, per year : $12 00
i, $1. WEEKLY ENQUIRER " : 1 15
Free of postage.
Agents wanted,
Send for specimen colpes.
FARANA IcLEAN, Publishers,
Feb 23-3mo Cincinnati, Ohio.
50,000 TAX NOTICE.
20,000 STATE TAX COLLECTOR'S OFFIcE, (
200,000 Natchitoches, March 28th, 17s8. .
20,000 'THE jpublio are hereby notitied that 1
25000 Lam now prepared to collect State and
30,000 Parish Taxes and Licenses now due.
40,000 The following discounts are allowed by
60,000 law on taxes paid during
100,000 April 3 per cent on Tax Bill
May 2 " "
Junel " "
L. N. LANE.
M 8, Kareh 30*tf State Tax Collector.
'10,000 FROM HER ASHES.
7,500
The Phunix has put on new life and now
caesters for publie favors.
J Warren Suddath
j has taken charge and DAN now dispenses
the ohoiesst
ALBRALNDIES,
**T WHISKIES,
LIQUORS,
C1GARS,
k&c.
In LICH ST. LOUIS BEER ON DRAFT.
4 Dea't forget, ye thirsty, the PIi(ENIX
on St. Denis Stteet.
Feb. 24.y1
Mt. A. Durnn,
L Phyiacian and Surgeon
G ~eagomery, La.
.I. U. DBumITER,
-dealer in
,a~c. OBOORRIES
P8OMr BrSFt33, Natchiitecles, La,