JAb. 5. EOGROVE, ... Editor.
NATCHITOCHES
SA''URDI)AY - - - Jnne 26, 1875.
AdvertiMing Iates.
I squlre.... 4 JO' 6 50 #10 00 f15 i0 20 00
2 squaresi... ' o 10 00 15 00 20 00 25 00
3 sqularel... 100' 13 00 18 00 25 00 31 Oa,
4 squamrer... 1400I 1(8 0 22 00 O: 041 35 01
5 squaren... 1700 20 00 27 00 35 06 40 00
6 squarns... 2100 24 00 32 00 40 00 45 00
7 smluares... 2100 27 00 36 00 50 00 70 00
8 squares... 2609 30 00 40 00 65 I0 80 00
10 squares... 30 00 35"00 50 00 57 00105 I
15 squares... 450( 60 00 70 00 1Ill) 4 125 00
20 squares... 69 0 80 00 90 00 125 00 150 00
Transient advertiselments $1.30 per sqtlarb of
10 Hme. Br6vior. first insertion. ,ach subse.
quent inserthtn 75 cents pir ecualte.
IOR JO6 OPlp'(! is aspplied with a
great variety of type, mid work in fhis depart.
ment performod with nehtueae and at moder.
ate prices.
Terms; CA6H on delivery of work.
Rates of Subscription.
One Copy one year......................03.00
Oue'Copy six moutbhs......................2 00
(Payable in advance.)
John J. Herbort, is our duly authori
sed travelling agent.
Notice to Contributors.
No comihunications will be published
unless accompanied by the author's real
name. But one side of the sheet to be
written upon when" sent to us for inser
tion.
Srticles to be short and to the point,
eo have attention.
These are our rules and teiy must be
strictly adhered to.
Premiums to Subscribis.
The ViTdicator will be furnished to
subscribers at the following rates.
1 year .......... ........ $3
6 mos.................... . .. $2
No subscription received for less
than six months.
ALL SUBSCRIPTIONS INVYARIA'ltY
ADVANCn.
We will furnish to each yearly sub
scriber a magnificent Steel Engraving
19x24 inches. Now is the time to
subseribe-write to our Editor for
Club rates, in which we offer special
inducements.
US ]PAP=a IsM 0ON Is WI
Whims Advalieug Sea m m be mad .
NOTICE.
Persons ordering JOB
WORK from this Ofce,
must pay for the same on
delivery of the work.
No deviation from this
rule.
Subscribers to the Capital Fund
of the Vindieator Publishing Com
pany, are requested to call upon
M. H. Carver, Esq., Treasurer of
said ,Company,' with, or remit to
his address, the amounts they de
s are to pay to said Fund, without
deay.
Our parish has been visited with
acoious rains during the week,
and firmers: are consequently hap.
py. Orops are in a--fourishing
eondition, And we confidently look
fps! ine yield of:both, cotton and
i. ok 8 i. r our citizens who,
ble to-day, to adopt maeas
Sfor a thoroughh organisation
,t: PEOPL of Natchitoches
parah.i We were the first in the
Sela 18741, ,and hope to continue
anmu the leading parishes of our
tatf. In 1876, Natchitoches will
aomcra tic by a large majority,
* and this glorious result ean only
be ffdeted by a close, compact or
nfsationk of our masses, which
should no longer be deferred.
The steiaei Able was at
mdIn mlie on time, Tuesday.
Wef did not get as usual, a le of
ee b iess of our city is doll
.tlhe utta e. Farmers are too
S thi l t ra cdi eops conme in
town.
Webeg to call the attention of
osr4 payers to th. correspaond
i*, pe blished elsewhere, be
..s. tie A fditor and the Taxr
:a t Claibore parish.
Selittle town of Cauopte in the
t part lf Othe pte sh, is imn
b io;sa derably, and in more ,
w.+ liAatione° -evqral new build
9vp. ;fitly { -errecte.
s Delleto,'gave moved an, and
~satl g.1re l i .
SMajor Andre.
A REIIfNISSENCE 5ROnI PRIVATE HIS
TORY.
Itor.
Last week we published the com.
nients of the Chicago Tribune upon
the account given by Steadman, an
c. officer of the English army, in a work
written by him entitled "History of
the Origin, Progress and Termination
gf the American War," of the Ar
a nold--Andre treason and execution.
The views taken by the Author of the
ro0 above mentioned work, of the part
35 eli acted by Andre. in that notable and
0 historic treason of Arnold is such as
o oo should be expected from a friend or a
u5 iN partizan--the conduct of Washington
is mentioned as being barbarous and
re of contrary to the usages of christian or
,be. civilized warfitre, and the guilt of
Andre and culpability of Washington
rt. is attempted, by declaring and at
er tempting to prore, it is but a poor at
tempt, however, that Andre was cov
ered by the protecting folds of a flag
of truce during the interviews with
'200 Arnold, and that flag should also
have protected him on his journey to i
Tarrytown, on which he was captur
ed. We do not propose to argue that
point, for we consider the proposi
tion such a one as no person would I
hed adduce, if he considered his veracity
real of any weiglht. But we wonder that
re the Chicago Tribune, a journal whose
editors are supposed at least, to be
uit, thoroughly conversant with the his E
be tory of the interesting period referred
to, should not have demolished the
beautiful structure this Elfglish officer i
had reared as English history.
to Public opinion, as well as legal
courts, is prone to overlook infrac- e
$3 tions of its-laws by parties who do so 1
$ unworthily-they are merciful to, and r
ms sometimes condone, offences colm
"mitted for the first time, upon-the
ground that the parties eommitting, li
had no knowledge they were quilty ti
of a crime, and were therefore, if not
hi law, at least in mercy, fit objects C
ng for' a charitable example. Military
to law, as in the case of Andre, in which
for the circumstances of the "flag of
ial truce;" his instructions to remain in
uniform; his pass from Arnold, com
manding the defenses of West Point
and the Tarrytown lines, &a., would -
have suspended its extreme rigors at
the calls of mercy for so youthful,
brilliant and high officer in the army,
as Major Andre, but this was not the ai
case ; the first ofeence cannot be plead Yl
le for him, on the contrary, he seemed tI
to have had a penchant for the bnui- hI
ness of the spy. This is a serious
charge we well know, but it seems ai
B strange that the student of American ti
history should be so ignorant of such C,
e, fixed and proven facts. M
Ml We produce from "Johnsons Tra
ditions of the Revolution," a stand- W
Sard authority for historians, (see Los- t
sings Field notes of the revolution) Di
which is also eoroborated by John- of
son (not the same author named here) to
Id in his life of Green, and the followinag
a- extracts in relation to Andre's acting hi
Sas a spy during the siege of Charles
ton, in 1780, then in command of Gen.a
Lincoln; with the hope that other
o journals who have a leading circola- is
. tion, will give the matter investiga
tion as a matter eof record for our
centennial time next year. Andre
was a brave man, an ambitions sol-. f
Sdier, and took upon himself many
duties not eonsistant with dignity
, and high honor, to advance him in
' the eyes of his sovereign, and this e
would ,tend as cors oboration: of the
k facts here menttioned.
wi
SIn this visit, of my fither to the 1he
city above alluded to, he called to see
a sick friend, Stephen Shrewabory,
,I at the house of his brother, Edward am
SShrewesbury, in the same neilhbor pli
hood. There he saw a strangerdress. wh
I ed in homespun, -laslked Edward
a Slnrewabury wlho thati was, and was
told by him thabit time stranger was a th
SbacL-countryman, wlho had broughtlon
B idown cattle for thegarrison, to the loi
. opposite side of the river. Thi an
s.wer being prompt a4 planusible, i
nothing imore wau tbonght of tht cir- 1
Scauntatance. About eighteen months gre
after this, when my father having can
been exchanged, had returned frdm
his coenfemlent in St. Auguntine, r
Smet his friend, Stephen Shbrwabury,
oi Philadelplia. This was shortly
iafter thle discovery of Arold's trewa
s On, and the excution of Wajor An
dre. It was ipmireiTs on my iiemo- w
* ry while a child, by then Iseeinl on l
( the back of an ulmaaoa Arnold'spie. leg
tore, represented wit5 a double face, ah
and the devil standing at his elbow, wn
.[topipthn.glll with a purse of gold il hot
one hand, while he brandi shed in he e
t others ,threatening dart. In this
interview with Stephen Shrewabury, a ai
he asked my father if he remember
ed cidling toren him when sick; duDr
ring the siege, and baving seen at his
brother't 5onae a man drsso i D
.hoiSm i, Thi 'beinl perfetly re- .
tic, ls W et'e on to pay tlii it the
was Mor Andre in disgalse, and la t
that bi`brnthy Edward hrd confsd - te
edthetiaet to him, but saidthatthe, l -
had been deceived. Thus, it appears will
fit AnQre, howeiver fascinating by Ni
hid iaISdts sand deportment, was not lsel
eititled to the commiseration ofe to0
Anierieais, as In honorable, but na. "om
fortbate oe. In two instances, at
t he ated the part of ain tldi
!dithand ( mean d ha.hbuli
ion. Ie ought to have beii h hged
in Char1etow. In Johnsou's life of tion
we find "it Wraaan ulnivrsardbeiet f it R
tbh tiihh aimy, as in the cityofa
leti after its fall, thatAmdre
beenia' the dcit lb theiilirAims
eta pryduringe tes l g'e. Theral T
lnov1i8l uo this splie~ l
n4 whose meass of Liowa tieq'r oar
muclh greater, who was in Charleston
during the siege, and remained in it
CIS' until the evacuation, who will testify
to the truth of this assertion. And
this opinion is corroborated by the
om- following fact: There were two
pon brothers of the name of 8. S. and E.
S., both well known as men of pro
perty and respectable standing in so
ork ciety. The former was, to the last,
y of faithfully devoted to the cause of his
tion country, the other was disaffected.
Ar- During the siege, 8. 8. being taken
n sick, was permitted to go to his
ion. brother's house to be better attended.
the There lie was introduced to, and re
)art peatedly saw a young man in a home
and spun dress, who was introduced to
him by his brother as a Virginian,
as connected with the line of that State,
r a then in the city. After the fill of
ton Charleston, he was introduced to
nd Major Andre at his brother's house,
and in him recognized the person of
i or the Virginian whom lie had seen du
of ring the siege. This he conmunica
ton ted to his brother, who acknowledged
at- him to be the same, asserting his
own ignorance of it at the time.
a ,t- S S. related these facts to many
ov- persons in his lifetime, and his ve.
lag racity was unquestionable. Another
ith citizen, W. J., at the time of Andre's
capture, a prisoner in St. Augustine,
iso also saw the supposed Virginian at
to the house of E. S., while .. S. lay
ur- sick, and his rqeollection of the fact
hat was revived by S. 8., after he had
made the discovery of his real charac- 1
ter. It is also known that the life of
id E.S. was sought after by Marion's
ity men, on the charge of treachery."
mat The initials only are given by the au
thor, although lihe was personally well t
e acquainted with all the parties. He t
be concealed the name of the disaffect
is ed, (probably) treacherous brother,
ed from a respect for his only child, a
very amiable, worthy lady, then t
alive, but who died in 1844. None of I
!er Edward Shre sbhnrv's family are now
living. -This lady left no children.
There is no longer a motive for con e
;al cealment of the facts and Circumstan- e
IC- ces. The very house in which Major
so Andre was secretly entertained dn
nd ring the siege of Charleston, may
still be seen. It was at that time, n
and many years after, the dwelling o
le of Edward Shrevwsnbury. It is the fi
g, brick house now used as a kitchen to ,
ty the residence of Mr. Edward Bull, p
ot No. 134, on the east side of East Bay, o
opposite to the residence of General p
C. C. Pinckney.
ry
h The Old, Old Story. e
in athitohes the Scenes of VNero Out- t
- rage-The return of Blunt de- it
rt telopes the hidden arrom e,
Id - -Our duty in the ti
at premises.
y, We are pained to chronicle the first tc
te negro outrage in our parish since last he
id year, and follo*ing so quickly upon a
!d the call for the negroes to assemble ti
i- here, it looks ominous indeed. pi
at Upon last Sunday night a party of in
is armed and mounted negroes, some w
n thirty in number, "rode a raid" down ti
Cane river, visiting the plantation of r
Mr. Leon Dufilbo; their gets were le
outrageous in the extreme. His fences dt
were tomrn down; gates nnhinged, to
stock driven in his felds to destroy, w
) no doubt, his growing crop, and some
of his cabins, occupied by his hands,; ji
, totally demolieshed, the contents ta- d
ken off, &e. This visit was renderedl wI
Shideous by yells, firing off pistols and so
guns; in fact, the entire minutia of
a cavalrry raid of ulainds.
Tis things mast be prt 0 stoy to, w
and tLhat at on ;. somse radical leader n,
Sis responsiblefor tlhi' otrage, and he is
skhould be semmarily dealt With.
Tlere is no use minding matters tk
SIfurther, the leading negroes here are t
provoking a eollision, let them be
met.
tWe are no doubt, ealled by some, I
extremw in our views, but we but ex- let
prees the opinion of a vat. majority p
of our people, wheanwe, say, that, if 4
with these acts,; an orgnisiiibn of i
the negroes ie to be efiated, then be
there will be open. eollision. Tihe to
smart,- insulting leaders in the Re
p.lic_ sa newspapr here, only iihow
whbieh way thewind blows. We all h
know who cendsc tht. paper; what o
they repr¶edant'* and to 'whonm it be.
longs. The negro and his ditty fel
lowr for oflitl position ind read Se
writers in its columns, obl
These 'dealnsttrations; these ne
Sgro raids inast be put a stop to. It P#
can only be doe wlab met' with a fro
strong white fore-that force must ba
be call into the field at onee .  4
White Labor, Male andFemale. sp
The attention of those In, need ofsa
white labor is called to the followip abIs
letfter, whieh has kindly been plaed hi
at ouar disposal by thile gentleman to e
whom itis addressed. In a private
note.to'a-s, that gentlemans says that lti
he has .long known. thle writer, Mdr. av
Putnam, to be a thorough buaeias feel
man and perfectly reliable. ..
New OtIJuans, May, 17th, 1875 and
Dr. D. W. Foester, Villol Plate, La. :the
Dear Slr-Having- been appointed a the
haeanhar qf theComapittee of Supplies for the
the ri|ef oft tife pobr i 'this 'loty, I b E
lea've teiufin ot iw it iis ie ivlsh ofL
the 0osimittlta And emploen in Paoe
the 'eoimntry, it uefali oeapoins, for glS
all sech applents as may be able and
wiligta wo Man
"r ,~e~xpre. te .. m der
selves as Qign~9 into the cdltr ,t
to werk at ay which they are
omp tnl ris: d laborers, hetlers. mevi
blaelr itle qarpener teacheras o:f v
rious brtu~nbes l ma and femalejo, go, '
washes adlronere.ee. . ., o, i
Shoild iea.r yu neighbor l in mor
want of any m:-ioeh elpPe ee ine~ e
what yea want whatkind of acen a
tien ye hlave : r thelr i and what com. nigi
hei a e ip i h tour
s Ceartj . ai&ll no dbobt be
ofIfeporain teo e~,r o ~ .r7d tiens [
amsdrfi swiaetplsbw, WiDl last
wmhp.*e l uuuma and1le a byuhould Hobi
our Flty Wl)teq 1* atar7mim
'ton Wendell Phillip's Letter on Gen.
in it Grant's Third Term,
And We must say that we rather like
the Wendell Phillips's style-he is a
E. plain spoken gentleman, and vents
re- his venom and spite against tihe South
so- in bold Saxon English; he hated the
, South before the war, during the war,
Led since the war, and will continue to
ken hate her until his dying day--and, at
his that extreme moment, if a priest
led. should be present who should require
re him to forgive his enemies, he will
to die unshriveu; or, like the Highland
an, Chieftain, who was required to for
te, give all his enemies, before receiving
to Extreme Unction, asked if he was to
so, forgive the hereditary enemy of his
of house, Donald of the Hills f and up.
lu- on being told that he must do so,
c- said, "well I will forgive him," but,
his at the same time turning to his son,
told him, "if ever you forgive him you
my are no sop of mine."
her There is no disguise about Wen
e's dell. lie is a plain blunt man, who
ne, no doubt loves his friends, hates his
at enemies and don't mince the matter
lay in telling them so.
ad There is a most marked contrast I
ic- between him and such sycophants as I
of. Wilson and Kelly, "id genus orne," I
n who, after luting is Congress for all I
u. the obnoxious measures of reconstruc- I
ell tion, and using every vile means in
Is their power to trample upon the man
D ly spirit of the Senthern people and i
a destroy their material prosperity, re- i
en turn to the North from a Southern I
of visit, and loudly proclaim to the i
n world, that at least some of the South.
n ern people have rights that a North- I
n- ern man ought to respect.
or Now, once for all, we say that we c
n want none of this Yankee endorse- I
e, ment. The Southern people, whose a
mg statesmen and genetlemen have given i
le fame and character to the Republic,
to will again achieve their nomal and ii
II, proud position in the Union, in spite
7, of Northern hate and meretricious c
al praise. 0
Blunt appears in a card in the Nat
ehitoches Republican of last week in
t which, leaving aside the personal in
tent of it in referring to an editorial
in the Vindicator as "a card from the
editor," le assumes two roles at once,
that of a suppliant and of a bully. a
The editorial in the Vindicator to g
which he pathetically refers, does not, a
at to our mind, deter him from doing as d
at he sees fit in the matter of the negro C
an mass meeting; no ode desires to de
le ter him from organizing, drilling and
putting in trim his clans-we only b
if indulged in a little friendly warning
ie which we see was thrown away upon
'n that individual ; in truth, the whole k
)f radical party here seem to heed no k
e lessons of the past, but propose, on-.
s der their "constittitutional privileges,"
l to trample upon all rights that the a
r, whites may have. t
e We do not desire to "kill Mr. (f)
I, Blount," but at the same time that
Sdoes not settle the question as to
Swhether it would not be better for
i society or ipeace that he were a dead
f preacher instead of a live mischief"
maker. We, in common with our
' whole people, know Blhnt well; too
r well for our own material good. He
* is as responsible for out bad govern.
ment as any radical here. His post a
! tion Was such, that in failing to pro. o
e tectthe tax payers, he acted a guilty
S part, or, if he should claim to be igne- fo
rant, which we my he is, he is not ftit
I for the position mhe oeupies. The ring y
- leaders of our arish have all been
Sproven guilty-Blnnt still is their
f frieit sand defender. With all, this,
is is not enough that oarpeople ldh
be alaramed at any movement looldag
Sto an eiganiatrion of the bilks.,
"The way of the transr iss k
Shard" indeed, the poor (t) carpet-bag
ojeials of the 8oathare opmiang alow- G4
ty but surely to .grief. Stephen W. on
SDorsey, of Veroat, who claims to be Te
Senator from Arkansas, hs been inl
obliged to give up his fine mansion io i'
Washbington City. J. Hale Bypher, po
of Pennsylvanl, ex Congressman of
I from Louisiana, has been adjudged a an
bankrupt, sand with liabilities at po
#140,000, and assets of pay, he eail- of
ing steps down and oat, Gen. . he
Spencer the uafortunate gKu klaux a
sbam--overlewed-lbmn.--1U, 8. Mar- Ita
kshelteiuseQ.equesgr, has esnaged as
himself completely, and the Spring- s
field, Mass., Repoblisa, (administra- a*
tion journal) esys: the result of the
lIovestigation of his eanduet has ef
fectually killed the last spark ofsym
pathy for tie Southern earpet-bagger
and scalawag oeficels in the hearts of de
the Northern republicus. What! in a
the name of wonder, will become of "'
the sweet scented eona of guns in
Loudisianaf When, ohl when, will nl
Packard, (and by the way Pierpoent is the
going to remove the entire batch of Co
Marshals, South) Kellogg, Casey, A- l.
dersmaon, Wells, Keeting, Twitchel and a
all that class, who have held high i
revii amid the ruins of poor Lonislansa, the
go., Alast for them, their days of let
oficial career will be nnaobered-no ne
more will we hear the eaak of the tha
Cavalry saber as they ride their mid.- by
nalght raids to sustain the ioJflree- er.
booter-neveri again will we stad o
in awe at the deatrious ballot box
*truts-and MAderson and Wells fars
will haveaJ their and and tal re
turn, "e!onated themelves out.
We mmd. the tewor of stating
lSt2ast that thoOevd d 3 th
Holyoke, Mi, when it sh.·o4
have been in Mass, 7
5en. An Open Letter.
like NATCIIrrOCIES, La., June 2, 1875.
is Editors Times, Shreveport:
rents Gentlemen-In your issue of Sun
lotlh day, June 2tth, appears the follow.
ti the ing:
war, "Col. Wm. M. Levy, Congressman
t elect from this District, is said to have
ie to recently made the following state
d, at ment to a correspondent of tie Cin
riest cinnati Enquirer:
lire Gen. Sherman voluntarily, unequi
vocally ind unconditionally pledged
w himself in the most binding manner
land not tofight on either side during the
for- war. The day before the occasion I
ving refer to, Col. Sherman, in company
as to with myself and Gen. Bragg, while
thiking a drink at the St. Charles bar,
fhis made the same pledge in unmistak- j
I up. able terms. Ilis strongest desire in
o, parting was to leave an assurance
but that he had no enmity, and would I
not participate in the tight. It was
son, an opinion among many that Sher
you man's policy was to retire until the
thing was over, then return and re
ren- same his old place at the military I
school, which hIe could have done, as t
who Ire was regarded as a very valuable
this man for that position."
tter I deem it my duty to correct this
"statement" in-as-much as it is a mis
rast understanding or misapprehension of 1
a as the facts of the case, and I am unwil- 1
ie," ling that my name should be connect
r all ed with aught that does injustice to a
mc- another.
in I have frequently, in private inter
an. course, spoken of my relations with
and Gen. Sherman while lihe had charge a
re. of the Louisiana State Seminary of
ern Learning and resided in Rapides Par
the ish, but must have been greatly mis
ith- understood, if, from any remarks of a
rth- mine, it has been deduced that Gen.
Sherman ever "voluntarily, unequir- i
we ocally and unconditionally pledged
rse- himself in the most binding manner
ose not to fight on either side during the
ren war."e
lie, I saw a good deal of Gen. Sherman
ad just before the war, and had frequent fe
,it conversations with him, and was m
greatly impressed by lis earnestness m
and uneasiness of feeling in the dis- hi
in cussion of the probable result of the i
secession movement.
I was an ardent advocate of seces- et
tsion, both on principle and policy- di
Hie was ardently and, I believe, sin- w
cc, ceroly, opposed to it, on the same an
grounds-I well remember a solemn S4
ot, and saddped expression of his opin- re
ion, just after the adoption of the or
dinance of secession, by the Louisiana
t Convention, to tie effect, that peace
able secession was impossible, and a
terrible internecine war was inevita
hg ble, the magnitude of which, he
ig thought, was not appreciated by us
of the South, but which, from his a
no knowledge of Northern sentiment, he
professed to foresee. He expressed
Shimself most grateful for te kindness t
e and hospitality whliclh had been ex
tended to him by the oedals and t
private citizens of our State, and th
stated, on morea than one occasion, t
at that in view of the terrible struggle th
which he believed was imminent and
d inevitable, he wished to retire to some
e quiet home in the West where he
e might not be called upon to partici
Mr pate in it, or even witness its horrors. je
SI certainly construed Ge.. Sherman's n
le remarks as indicative of a desire to
abstain from active participation in ti
the war, but not as pledgusg J Lself
- notto take part in it. It s due to f
Shim tostate that I saw him last(be- b
' fore the war) but a short time afterl
the passage efSeeession Ordinance of
g Louisiana, and these conversations
Swere had, if my memory serves me
ir aright, at least a month or six weeks
' before the ommencement of actual
hostilities. What eanme may have
*I operated to chbange hise views, as un- n'
derstood by me, I have no mansa of
s knowing. tw
ig Since the asurrender, I have seen g
e. an. Sherman but once, and then a
v. our interview was casual and our con. tr
SvrersatiOn cursory. My ante-bellam stil
m relations with him. have not been a
in renewed. IHEs military menos and
r, political views awe before the people
in of the country for their judgment,
a and however I may differ with him
at politically andcondemn his oeandunet
1- of the war in the high poition which
L he oeauped, i justice td history, to de
n myselfand to himself; I do not les boB
r- Itate to aorret a ststement which I m
d am sae a me aa from ecnqep-a jo
- te sand mlapprebhesdon of my vel
I. meanmag. s
. Very truly yours, l
SWM. M. LEVY.
- -
r We have been informed that the
depredations of the negroes down Del
Cane river have been of nightly co
eurrence for the past two weeks. w
SFences have been put down, gates Jur
Sunbhinged and stock driven in upon to
the farms to destroy the growaing t
Screps. We bhave a piece of advice to
- give our citizens with regard to this, loe
and we think they had better follow thu
it. Courts are useless to protect to
them from such depredations as lthese,
Slet patrol parties be organased in each sei
Snelghborhood, and the first parties and
that are captured should be hung up
by the road side as a warning to oth-.a
era-this will put a stop to them, and whe
I nothing else will. refu
prei
"Lemme die nown " gasped an Ohio a bi
i farmer. "rye lived to see a woman coot
. git thirty-one yards of cloth into one free
dress, and Pm ready to pall stakes
now."
ow s thetei e to eusbsribe to ble
the Viadicator, cab
The woeather is very hot. first
One of General Sherman's Blun
ders.
From the Bobst Doaiy Arettaeir.
He takes strange liberties with
IAn- Ameriean history, early and recent,
low. which can only be explained by the
fact that le has lived so long abroad
that he has forgotten ft. For in
man stance, speaking in the first ten pages
aave of the contrast between the cavaliers
ate- who settled Virginia and the Puritans
Din- who took refuge in New England, he
says of the latter, that, "having
0ui- hearts of rock and granite also, they
Iged had to struggle against the rigor of
ner the elements, after hamving suffered so
the much from the rigor of their fellow
en I ereatures. Persecuted, they found
any there a society of persecutors. The
hile exile of Roger Williams, and the
bar, hundreds of poor sorcerers who were
ak- burnt there, are sad proofs of this."
In The story of course, is utterly ground
uce less. No human being was ever
old burned in New England for witch
was craft or sorcery.
't Does the Adrertiser calmly and
re- without the intention to joke, mean
ary to say that witches were not persecn
as ted and executed in New England in
ble the early days of the Puritan fathers,
if they were not, then Cotton Mather
has been a hoary-headed deceiver,
Iof and all history lies most agregiously.
They may not have been burned, but
et they were hang, which amounted to
about the same thing to the witches,
although the Boston Adrertiser finds
some consolation in the fact. Read
Or
ith up the solemn history and then you
will find out all about it; why the ,
rge affair is set down in Waiter Scott's
Demonology and History of Witch
ar- craft, as one of the most diabolical
of diabolical persecutions, and we
of are utterly astonished at the utter de
". pravity of the Advertiser in attempt
Sfog to deny a fact so plainly suscep
ed table of truth.
er
he From the Ouaelhita Telegraph we
extract the following:
an What is up now? A num ler of
nt leading Republicans of this aid the
fourth congressional districts held a
as meeting in New Orleans about a i
.s month ago (the proceedings of which
is- have just appeared), at which it o
he was declared that "the important a
interests of the State and Federal s
government, reader it eiinently prop- t
s- er that tie Republicans of the said a
districts should call a convention do- a
ring the present year," to be held t,
within the limits of the two districts t
ae and at a time to be determined on. ii
in Several parishes, it is claimed, were ii
n- represented at the meeting. Col. a
º- John Bay presided. e
u Coley Pierson and others, will be ii
e- delegates to the meeting. r
Our opinion of the matter referred a
to in the above, does not differ mate- ii
he rially from what tihe Telegraph says.
aIn the two distriets where the White t
Man's campaign had its origination, a
and that organization was- attended i,
with such happy reselts in 1874; I
that samething must be done to di- '
r- vide the white vote, is no new thing
d to us-we well understand it; that is e
d their only hope. They have more ti
than once expressed the opinio that P
le they could not carry Louisiana against
the combined white element; a fatal
admission itis true, in the faee ofa b
eo claimed negro mjority. That theyo
i will fail to aeeumplish the desired ob- a
ject, atleast In this section, they have,
no doubt, already learned; what new t
game they may elect to put Ino mo
Stion, remains to be developed by
time. At all events, flat roid Ait.t
orgtanaliou steands in the way of all p
farther advances; that remaining on- i
broken, the Loulsna radical party is tI
r whipped to its downfal. it
if - ------ -
a Letter tomq Xontgomery. lj
S Morroouury, Gnar PAmsn, I
SJane 21, 1875.
i Dear Vi~adeator:
SWe wish ye. votn write up thehi
Sanew phws of the W B.L PhilIIps oat
rageC thi prish and publish it k
SAfter h had been found uilty on hi
two of the fee inadeitmenta found in
n against him by the Granud Jry of this I
parish, and twice rntenled to jail
and ordered by thejad of.the s
StrletCourttothe AleandIris jail, be
a still eontinus at large i this pish,
n at Cea. Ths se t  psCoy be
i ing himself Jl ch a man as h1 j
lips, a b rot U repbliemn and boon
Scom paon, h ii murderied tw ase of
], t It hprish thmea bih geforg th
a by sth ersu maee of l s negro juries
SB.wPll e to u i Olur with bhis -i
well thougt of dd was ar- loi
restedby U. 8. :W stial Bow, last f
fll, u to Celfas, all at the In
stam e of W. K Phillpe, who, after
trying to blakmaIl him, sabetoed the
d,radlind taking the old man In a ii
boat diptcd him with a hatchet- th
Deputy g leriff, 8 y, being rty
tohe kig T tr be
throwtlot Inthe ite dr. They er
were y I l the last Gadi th
aJory and ardetd by Jodge Osbon tb
to be coanfinedin e Aleuandria jail p
unatil the next term of eourt for trial
and the offense not being bllable,
they should long siace have been in o0
elose cofi8anement. How is it that 8(
this prine oftvillains is still permited tot
to be at liberty t Because, We sap. u
pose, be has been so aective bereto- go
fore In anneying so many of the citi- he
zens of this contr with his erime
and purj.ry The erif, we suppose,
mutlg him wry a f this speial
Immunit. Bather let Is ask what I
are the people of this Parish to do m
when the rif thus deliberately Up
re e todohi sdty I there any str
prospect foraeastleof imae when bl
a brace of mrderers, inadieted and ret
eonsigned toJail, are yet daily seen
free on the streets
Mawr Crnriws.
Why is a ohunrch bell more afa- his
et that a churc organ O Be de
cause one will go when it is toned
but the other wll be "blowed" C
first .Gt
l1n- Something of ntel Abot
Taxes.
The follon ing correspondence will
with be found of interest to the public:
the NEW ORLEANS, June II, 18175
road Hon. Charles Clinton, State Auditor :
i_- Dear Sir-The people in my .ee
of the State-especially in awy S€a
lirs tonal District, composed of the jpa.
tans ishes of Claiborne, Bossier, iie uv
I, he and Webster-pay their taxext
ring punctually and thoroughlys . astir
the9 ability will allow, and in their beoail
r ofI wish to know from you ofilcially
so how much "grace" they may have' i
ow- this ccuneetion, and to what deg
and and measure they shall be foreedt~
The make payments as the current ye
the passes along.
rere There is scarcely a man in fn
iis." Senatorial District, who is or may
nd. able to pay at all, that will not Iat.
ver ly pay his taxes in time for tiaul set.
cl- tIlement without any coercive or leal
process, but the great trouble is thLU
andat present they have not the oe.
and have no way of getting it until
.a the growing cottoo crop comes ji,
Cn- which wilH he early in the fall.
I in In the meantime, the collectors n.
ers derstand it to be their duty, under
er your general inetructions, to oeasrl
colleetions somewhat, or at least to
rer, go ahead and serve legal notice, as
dy. to have matters in such eondition as
but will enable them to enfyece under the
law final payment at the last hour.
But even to this the people generally
les, object, as subjecting them to a little
ids unnecessary expense.
-ad But hoew can this be avoided with
on safety on the part of the ealeterst
And how can back taxes be colle.
ed on land which has already besl
tt's forfeited to the State ? Is this ld4
eh- to be reassessed against the iadivide.
cal al-the former owner-who may be
still residing upon and cultivating it t
we And can such land in any case be ba
le- advertised and offered for public salet
pt- An official answer from you on thee
matters is much desired, and may at.
' ford much individual relief, and be of
much public utility.
Respectfully,
W. JASPER BLACKBURN.
of State of Louisiana,
he Auditor's 0ce,
I~ New Orleans, June 12, 1875.
a Him. W. Jasper Blachkr :
Dh Dear Sir-Referring to your favor
it of the eleventh instant, wherein you
it say "the people to my section of the
al State, especially in my senatorial di.
P- triet, pay their taxes un ctualyl
id and thoroughly as their ability will
In- allow," and wherein you nquire as
id to how mach grace they may ave in
to that connection, I will Msy this office
n. is aware that among the tax payers
re in the rural parishes there is a class
al. who cannot pay their taxes in the
early part of the year without grat
be injury and sacriee, and tax oblie..
tore have from time to time ben e.
joined to exercise the utmost are
and discretion, so as to protect the
e- interests of the State, without on
F. necessarily inflicting hardship upon
te taxpayers.
This office cannot of eourse esas
any discretionary authority in extend.
ed ing the trne for payment- of tales u
4; fixed by law, and collectors eenmat,
li. without being derelict, tall to perfes.
all the formalities and prereaul.nd
g to the payment of taxes bypresib.
U ed publication of notices, et., but
re then having complied with all thee
at provilsions they can ums thelir um
,t god judgmeat and disredeat la
granting short etenasion to deh ef
the taxpayers who may temporaiy
I be unable to come up and setr, the
sy object in view being to save espemss
b and trouble, if euh can be dei
eensistently with the interest of trb
8' Stats and the duties of tax cdlin
W tors.
- As to yuar Inquiry relative teth
collection of taxes on lanrds, wih
have been sold and audicated to
Sthe State the equisiion of sas
ll property by tihe 8tats redim the
m- esae exempt from taation, bet I
is these lands are occapisd by pudre,
it is buat proper that reant herall
collected. The collector may proper
ly act as agent of ti ats, m.
make retura for all rents s regmar
as colleetions from reats of Pm ,
belonging to the ~Er, foe w d li
proper commissi will be ellsige
* The above, I think, elly era
t. thepolnt at isse; if, howovereu
a have eueai n to reaquire addlisal
d nfomatio, please addesmm me
isI shall ree tlly aserd the ma .
l wAduitr.
We saw yesterday a half groew
Sbell of eetton from the platatuiS
Sof one of our young platuerul
e this parish, whieh speaks idi
for the coming earop, and witboit
any serious misfortune, we mar
Inreasonably hope for tUe largest
orop of cotton since the wart
-- --- ·  mL
A -OHASTLT IXroau.a-A
ntrango look i aaid to have be
longe -s i--nf inda bpuai a Ia
t front of the deck' di was a
gong swung apo~ poles, and aer
-it was ail of ap ticinil aman
Slimbs. The pile was made up et
the full namber of paut necess
ry to constitute twelve perfet
,Ibodies; but all lay heaped
er in apparent eonftiosea . Wn
the hands of the elck indicated
the hour of one, out from the
pile crawled just the number of
parts needed to form the fram of
'one man, parteomnins to part Bh
a quick elick, and, when fe
Sted, the figure sprang up, m i
mallet, and walking up to tie
gong, struck one blow; this don,
he returned to the pile and fell to
pieces again. When two o'clok
came two men arose and did Ike
wise; andat thehour of noonad
midnight the entire heap sprag
up, and, amarching up to the goeS,
struck one after the other his
blow, making twelve in all; theman
returning, fell to pieces as befora
Ben Butler being interviewed, mas!
"I have renouneed the devil and al
his works." If thi is true, it is one
of the meeot surprising aets of elf
denial on record.
Cfarl Schurz has gone to Southeri
Gernalvny.