Advertising Katets. i, t ;
A rIal li0 l511n 4 1 l
Isquar . 7n I00 1.00 1 00 1500
o 0 o
8req 100 " CI Id 00l 5 U00 30 00
4 squar.. 14 711 , U S 00 f ) 00 00 35 0
4~~r~· ~rlI II.5 11( 11 c ·1 -_-- _-,- --
4 quare.. 17 000 12. O 272 0 0 00 35 Of) 00 411ars._1_--- -
sqares, 2311 2) 7o 4 00 4 10
Isqo aree... 23 1)" 3 'i TIlE \VELFARE OF THE PEOPLE IS THEI SUPREME LAW. n, V
q26'"' :1) 11 411 00 K5 00 80 IeI -_ -_ - -- - -
IDsqua~res. 34 11 35 00) 30 011 57 o(' 1115 10))- - - --- - - -- - -____ - - -__--_-- - -
10qas 45r0 6' 00 70 00 10 5 00 1g5 W Onh co __ix inan b ...00_)..
3 sqgaores...80'U 01120005o Off0ial Organ of the White Citizens of Red River, Sabine, Winn and Natchitoches Parishes. u '
Inu t 7vertisements p $1.5 rsqureof
ID Hoes arevier, tiret insertion. Each ubeIv.
p %ap"tln.rti "go 7 qarh beVL. IV. } NATCHITOCHES, LA., ARIIH 2, 18 78. . .
BUSINESS DIRECTORY.
EKiHY-Familm Groceries, Corner 2d apd
St.Denis Streets.
Hc RWood - and Blacksmnirh Work,
ý. Church Streett -
p'RVII'-Ti- t N^Fw Stani -! 'er Gardlen.,
. Fine Wine-, Ligl 'ranna '1' liZr. ýt.lenii
AL~'I!-ýR"Iest-K taurt st Delis Stret,
ALEX LEE tary Public. St. Denis if
Llstreet. tic.
19MEML TLMCrKl-Er-Genleral Oellecting
Ssent and Canvasser. St. Dents street. -
BR oKS--'uns and Pistnls sold, made and
. Repaired, St. Denis 'treet.
ttLLARD & C.LMI'BEIL-1.erchlandiseand
B plantation Snpp ies. Front street.
1igiPLP,(CURNINITAM & CFHAPLIN--At.
/ ornaevs at aw. as hiuinto n street
VUY-Fmtoily .Groeries and
C ()nersi erchandize. Front street.
AStRuDEITRICHf-Drv (}Doo., Gro
C eerienode Gen rai Merchandile. Role
Agents for Screwv Bottom Shoes, Front street. Cc
L g1 C Al SC. ()ROl,1 ti. Alttornev in R
D . OLe with W. I. Jack. seecond St th
Or
GOkGE RZIA-Family Groceries, under
Easoulo Lodge, 2d Street
FOST'c t-Planters' Hotel-Favorite
G. frmern and stran ers resort, St. Denllis. I
G HE -Bouts and Shoes made and repair
" ad, St Dents Street.
GgORGE W. KEAIRNEY.--Recorder and No
Nary Public, Court lHouse, 2 street.
HSKRY GESICS-Charter Oak Stoves and
1 Tinware. Front Street. re
U KAFFE---Dry Golods and Groceries. Front
H* street. St
H LITCHTENST EI N- General assortmeont
* Dry Gootds snIII Grteeri-e-t. Front street .
HARISIa Ft'' 1.-.Dry Goody and Gro4utricy,
Front street.
j PE; Y-- S __vey__r St_. D _istreet_ _ i
T[ SIMON-Dry Gro ilyu stI (}roceries. Wi -ii
* Inegton t8 eet.
-rIQLKIN-DJ; t; liso 'ni i to li:ies, ,Jctller
on iD, street.
I JACOB'-l)rV Goods anl Groceries, below
".the Dirt bridrie. .iroltl'io~ Street.
b low t'in D'rt brihi'1 ..felT-', r of S tr'et.
JI'X.GEOrE & (0--llry (1o04s1 and Gtroeries.
s FWhingtont-u-"'t.
 
TAS. GE'IUI--t: vDvr vuii 1t itor trrcereies,cor
iser.tedoersont Ami uymlet Sireets.
T W. SUDI) tk -r-the l'lotelti tir o h .- 1i
s quors asil t'itt i. St. IDenis Street.
JAR. H . . Tr'cKEIR-Attornrey at Law St.
Deals Streat.
JAS. KING---Watclhmrake aInd Jewieler. t.
Deals streret.
J DUNCKI.EMAN---.Harness and Saddilert y.
* Washbington street.
J C. TRICREtL--General lierchandire. Wash.
" lagoso street.
J ASSE-Gan'rr:1 Asorntuent of iMer
*sehtadizs, \Vsshington street.
J STIRPHENS-L tntber Yard. intcer-s4t1ion
artent,Lafayette and Washing tot: streets.
J. BIK & BRO.-Genieral Wholesale
3* sa etsil.Deler and sioe Agent for Wag
ear, Wiwtagtea street.
J A. D O7'O1tRNAU-Fa'i y and Staple Dry
ýGaods, IeBoots. Shoes, Hats and Clothing,
haearsget_ _
AME T. SPROWIL - House, sign, anil or- A
saemntal psinter, Front St.. corner Tonline.
SC&RTRI,-Tha G(em Bar Roo it. choice s
SWines, Liqtiors and Cigars, Flront street.
f· P i PHILLIPS-Ftill stock Fancy and
L Naple Dry Goods and Groceries.Front st.
L. DUPLEIX.-Land Agent, St. Denis street.
M H. CARVER-Dry Goods. Groceries and
* General Merchandlize, Front street.
1 RCHAFFRATHi-Boot and Shoe Maker,
* St. Dens Street. d
0 OAPMARtTIN-C-Gonral assortment of
* Goods of all kinrs, Jefferson st'eet
POWILL & GALLION-Physical 4s and Sur
g pens St. Denis Street.
P trVELEMAN - Undertaker, Washington
A* Street.
PlPOITB-EBsksr, Jefferson street.
P UTITJEAN BLUDWORTH & CO-Wood
work aed Blacksmithing, Corner id and
VNULRBMAN---Family and Plantation
Groceries, Washington street.
8. CALVRS--.Dentlst, Jefferson street
II. BITRKR-Cheap Family and Western
.* Groeery Dealer, Front street.
D P. HUTSON-Livery, Sale and Feed Stable,
,Ls. St. tisnis Street.
SNIKIN& . Dry Goods and Groceries, Jeff
44' erson Street, Below Dirt bridge.
SWIMBARG-General Merchandise, Plan
* tation and Family Supplies, Front Street
SPONS-Dry Goods and Groccriee, Wash
s Ington street,
LACOSTE-Druggist and Apothecary,Front
street.
HALLBR-Book's Brilliant Stoves and
* Tiaware, Washington Street.
TAUZIN-Billiard Room and Bar, Front
Street.
ELTBdA.N-Wholesale anl Retail Mer
**tie5t-.geenera assortment for the trade
R JAoK.-Attorney at Law, 2d street,
4'erner Truda.
- DOST-Boot and Shoe Maker, St. Denis
Ao~
TProfessional Cards.
J. £UAWL"VGRJlE71,
ATTOBNEY AT LAW.
ndet Street, Niw ORLESxe, LA.
attend the June and December terms
the Districts courts at his old home
h ee,La.
m. 3E. JaokL.,
r to JACK & PlnseoN)
;d Counselor at Law
CHITOCHES, LA.
se in the Courts ofNatohitoohee,
to, Red River, Winn, Rapidee,
to the Supreme Court of the
promptly attended to.
M'. Levy,
API7ENY AT LAW.
a the Paetice of his Profeselon.)
raete I the Parieh and District
of Natehbitehe amnd Red Biver
of Louisisan, Olited States Diu.
IA ass anud U. S.
A the Laqoste Building (Up
3AT p C'H a a 5LA6
JO I L II. tROfl f f F T O.,
I (Late of New Oleans,)
ATTORNEY & COUNSELOR AT LAW
('O'SIIATI'.\.
SRED RIVER PALISH1 , LOC1SI2X4.
WXill practice in (."nclihatta, Natchito
chesc, Manititld. iMaiv, aud iin i'very part
s aof Nortih-west LouisianiIa Special atteri
tion given to Land cascsand Successions.
June 9th, 1Pr77-tf.
,T H. CUNNINGHIIAM.
tJ.
'I attorney & (ounsrllor at ftr,
St. Denis Street,
_ Natchitoches, : : : : La.
t ILL give prmnomt and personal at
h teution to all bus ne- entrusted to
,. his care
a Practices in the District and Parish
Co irts in the Parishes of Natchitoches.
Rutd Ri ver, DeSoto uad Sabine, and before
the Supreme Court at Munroe and Now.
Orleans. Jau 5 7r-ly.
CDA.t'L. C. SCdARDOROUGHI,
ATTOHNEY IN FACT.
W ILL practice in the District and
Parish Courts of Natchitoches,
Winn. Saline and Grant.
1 All business intrustedl to his care will
rei eivCe prompt nttfention
it Offtlice with W. H. Jack Esq., Second
Strcet, Cirner T'I'rtdeaux. Natchitoches,
UDec. i<-ly.
, JRS. POWELL & GALLION,
HAVE ASSOCIATED THlEJISELVES IN
TIlE PRACTICE OF MEI)ICINE
IAN SURGERY.
OFFICE ON
St. Peis Street, :: :Natchitoches, La.
Jan 5 '78-:1An
1 . .A.. ] u.nzn,
-Physician and Surgeon
:ronugomery, La.
S Business Cards.
C. A. IULLAPRD N. II. CAIJPBELL
Bullard & Campbell1,
-DEALERS IN
DRY GOODS,
YGROCERIES,
fIARDWAP.E,
h. And General Merchandise.
Corner FRONT & LAFAYFrPTF Street,
Natchitoeihes. La.
H[IGHET cash price paid for cotton nod
country prodnle e in cash or merchandise.
Naluchl ': -ly·.
Poter TVeileman,
- --DEALER IN
SFAMIL Y GROCERIES
r* A fell asiortnment of VWA-r.PArERf con
stantly on hand.
cc Snre. .al inducements to CASH Customers.
at.
-d WASHINGTON STREET,
Natchitoches, La.
et. March 25-ly.
d J. C. Triolb!e.l,
r -DEALER IN
er,
SDRY GOODS, GROCERIES, HARD
of WARE, BOOTS and SHOES, HATS,
or ETC.
Highest cash pirice paid for Cotton and
ton Conutry Produce.
WASHINGTON. ST.,
NATCHITOCHES, LA
od
ind
R. E. BU1TIT ,
ion -dealer in
ORO0ERZESS
FRONT STREET, Natchitochet, La.
,ern
ble, C. L. WALMSLEY. R. M, WALIBLET
- C. L. WALMSLEY & CO,
refl.
COTTON FACTORS
Ian -AsD
net
. GENERAL COMMISSION MERCHANTS.
Perdido St., New Orleans, La.
ront March25-ly.
and
Osoar Chopin;
int COTTON FACTOIR
fer -AND
Ade COMMISSION MERCHANT,
et, No. 65 CARONDELET ST.,
SJuly I -ly New Orleans.
JOHN M. TUCKER,
-Magistrate Ward 1.
' St. Denia 8treet, : : Natcdhitoches, La.
PROMPT attention given to all business
L. entrusted to his care.
s ) Claims collected at small cost.
e Refers to the Bar Generally.
Jan 5 '78-ly
M. 8. CURTES
SPRACTICAL MACHINIST
J. -AND
' ENGINEER,
ARCHITECT, CARPENTER & JOINER
A LL kinds of Machine work, Engi
neering, Carpentering and Joiner
work done with dispatch, and in firest
class manner.
Estimates and plans for buildings
promptly furnished. Parties desiring
- work within the scope of my trades will
L call on me at any time for terms; which
will be liberal, both as to price and time.
P Shop on WASHINGTON STREET.
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
Jam 154y.
SI i
is the most genial balsam ever used by
sufferers from pulmonary diseases.
It is composed of herbal products, which
have a specifle effect on the throat and
lungs; detaches from the air cells all Ir
rltating matter; causes it to be expecto
rated, and at once checks the inflammation
which produces the cough. A single dose
relieves the most distressing paroxysm,
soothes nervousness, and enables the sutf
ferer to enjoy qulet rest at night. Being a
pleasant cordial, it tones the weak stom
ach, and is specially recommended for
children.
What others say about
Tutt's Expectorant.
Had Asthma Thirty Years:
BALTIMORE, Feb uar 3 1875.
SI have had Asthma thirty years, and never found
a medicine that had such a happy effect."
W. F. HOGAN, Charles St.
A Child's Jdea of Merit.
GuiTwt'sExpectorant is afamniliar name in my house.
My wife thinks it the best medicine in the world,
and the children say it is 'nicer than molasses
candy."' NOAH WOODWARD, 101 N. Poydrs St.
"Six, and all Croupy."
" I am the mother of six children; all a themhave
been croupy. Without Tutt's Expectorant, I don't
Sthink they could have survived some of the attacks.
It is a mother's blessin F e
MARY TEVVEN S, Frankfort, Ky.
A Doctor's Advice.
"In my practice, I advise all amities to keep Tutt's
Expectorant, in sudden emergencies, for coughs,
croup, diphtheria, etc."
T. P. ELLIS, M.D., Newark, N. J.
Bold by all druggfets. Price $1.00. Office
35 Murray Street, New York.
"THE TREE IS KNOWN BY ITS FRUIT."
u Tutt'sPills are worth theirweightin gold."
REV. I. R. SIMPSON, Louisville, Ky.
"Tutt's Pills are a iablessing of the nine
teenth century."-REV. F. R. OSG0800OD, New York.
"I have used Tutt's it M tor torpor of the liver. i
They are superior to any medicine for biliary di. i
I orders ever made."
I. P. CARR, Attorne t Law, Augusta, Ga.
"I have used Tutt's s ve years in my family.
They arounequaled forcostiveness and hiliousness."
F. R. WILSON Georgetown, Texas.
"I have used Tutt's 5 set newith great benefit."
W. W. MANN Editor Mobile Register.
"We sell fty boxs utts Pills to five of all
others."-8AYRE & CO Cartersvills, Ga.
"Tutt's Pills have only tobe tried to establish
their merits. They work like magic."
W. H. BARRON 96 Summer St., Boston.
" There is no medicine so well adapted to the cure
of bilious disorders as Tutt's Pills."
JOS. BRUMMEL, Richmond, Virginia.
AND A T I D MORE.
Bold by druggists. 5 eeont a bor. Ofice
85 Mlurray Street, hew York.
SUTTS HAIR DYE
ZW"DDORSED.
HIGH TESTIMONY.
FROM THE P/ICIFIC JOURNqL.
"A CREAI I3JEN'flO
has been mA eby RAI. Tt o. ew' York,
which restores youthful beauty to the hair.
That eminent chemist has succeedled In
producing a Hair Dye which imitates
nature ton perfection. Old bachelors may
now rejoice."
Priee $1.00. Ofice 351 MWrray St.,
New York. Bold by all druggists.
O. BShaftrath,
Boot and Shoe Maker.
CHALLENGES the world for neatness
and durability of work. Satisfacti"i
in fit and material guaranteed
Shop .n St. Denis St.
A. EI. Lezz ee,
NOTARY PUBLIC.
(Office under Vindicator Office,)
ST. DENIS STREET,
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
April 29.
H. N1ORES,
JEWELER, JEWELER,
M01FEI IBI8
!ftAT1111
-."D- -A ND
OPTICIAN. hPTICIAN.
All kinds of repairing done at the short
est notice, and in the nlost artistic mIan
ner, with full satisfaction guaranteed
CloekR, Wathebes and Jewelry for Sale at
ithe Lo est Rates.
A FULL an OOmPLErT STOaC.
Office and Shop os Mt. Denti St., corner Second.
Dec. 22-ly.
JAMES G. MOISE,
SPortrait Painter, Natchitoches La.
CABINET SIZE'AND PRICES EXCLU
SIVE OF FRAMES, OVAL OR
SQUARE.
8x10 $15,00. 10x12 $16,00. 12x14 17,50
141x16 $20,00. 16xl8 $25,00.
18x20 $30,00. 18x24 35,00.
LIFE SIZE, HEAD AND BUST, OVAL
OR SQUARE.
20x24 $40,00. 22x27 $45,00. 25z30 $50,00
KIT.KAT, SQUARE.
29x36 & 30x36 $80,00, each.
Portraits of deceased persons painted
from photographs.
Dec 15-tf
JOSEPH C KEYSER,
Brickmaker and Layer.
18 PREPARED to do all work entrusted
r to him quickly and in a workmanlike
manner. Tomb, Chimneys, Cisterns and
other work solicited.
Orders left at BULLARD C& CAMP
BELL'S will be promptly attended to.
Jan. 27, ly.
Dever1ly Wt1o1ler,
General Collector
0 'l AlAeoouate promptly .ollet.d
I jY WAS ITN(ITO r LE'flrR.
WASHINGTON. U. C., Feb 26, 1878. i
Aside from politics the only event ,.,
of interest in the liouse yester* I,
day was the rce'ilpt of a comal liiCe- ci
tiion frrom Secretary Shteroan showit In
a falling off in the reCenueII. This p
seemed to surprise Representatives of ,
the people who have forgotten that ti
the couintiy is somewhat in the conii- Ia
tion of a qiueezed lemon. Trade he
ing dead, and lalbor unremunerative, l
from what source shall money cone f,
into the Treasury. But obviously the is
true thing io do when the receipts N
fall off is to reduce the expenses. If, tl
as Sherman ays, hle has ftailed to re- In
ceive all the money he needs, let Con- I
gress see that he needs less. V,
Of political subjects there were 1,
enough up. The debate of the day g
before, on the Louisiana muddle and c
the Electoral Comnriissbio was not a
permitted to, be autuamsd, eonoopt t,
that Mr. Gibson, of La., had a chanice n
to say a word. Hale, of Me., who c
goes wild now that his preceptor and i,
guide, Blaine, does not preside over i
thie House, tried hard to say some
t thing but was not allowed.
SPowers, of Me., thie yvoungest and 'I
ablest of that State's delegation in the
House, and now in his first year of I
his Congressional life, made all the
Spoints possible against the bill to:pen
sion Mexican soldiers. He made aR
e political question of it, and that was
the worst blow tie project could re
ceive. The misfortune of Powers. is
that hie miiust do something to ensure
his re election, and, knowing that
miore of the Mexican pension money
would go to the South than to the 0
North, be piersuaded himself that an ii
attack on the bill would help him
among his constituents. He should
a know that the day when sectional
ideas could give a man desirable pop
Sularity have passed away. But the I
men hlie follows will not consent to re- t
',ward the soldiers of any war but the,
Slast one. They will never help to
honor the soldiers of a war in whicho
i Imen of every section fought side by e
r; side.v
,In the Senate a vote was had on thep
+proposition to close debate to-day on
ý the silver bill. Before adjournment
Sto-night the bill will have passed theH
h Senate. There is still doubt as to the n
number of its friends, and as to its g
'" exact shape when it leaves the Sen- I
° ate. The speech of Senator Jones d
i. yesterday was excellent. He said I
everything that could be said in favor t
t of remonetization and said it well. It I
is no reproach to tie Senator to say *
that the speech was not his speech,
but the work of an army of helpers
whom lie had engaged in its prepara
tion.
Mr. Hayes said yesterday, referring
Sto his intended special message to
SCongress, that other subjects besides it
Civil Service Reform would probably
be touched upon. His friends have
long understood that he wished to re-J
commend to Congress the passage ofc
ait General Amnesty bill, and it is per'
haps that to which he referred. Hev
has, by the withdrawal of troopsa
from the South, given himself the e
right to recommend such a measure,
and it would come with grace from
him; but with what face lie can io
struct Congress as to reform in a Civil I
as Service which he has himself done so I
"' much to degrade by unfit selections I
for office, is not plain. As the latest 4
indications ot his desire for reform it I
is said lie intends to retain in the a
Custoimhouse at New Orleans the man
Anderson just convictta pf forgery in
connection with the events which
gave Hayes his place.
"Bob" Ingersoll, who has been leo
') turing here on the follies of Christian
people, has been greatly assisted by a
the Young Mene Christian Association
and Mr. Francis Murphy who are en
gaged in a scandalous quarrel over the
money made out of the late temper
ance revival. The peculiar distioc
tion of Mr. Murphy as a temperance
reformer is that he relies entirely up
on help from the Lord in his work.
Yet a set of lobbyists quarreling over
the profits of purchasing Congression
al votes could not say more things of
each other than Murphy says of the
A. Association and the Association says
of Murphy. And it is all about a few
rt- hIiindred dollars. Ingersoll can teach
n- these mien charity for each other. Of
thes value of the work of Murphy here
it is too early to give an intelligent
Sopinion, but many have signed the
pledge, both among hard drinkers and
l. light drinkers. ALBION.
The Gas Company Bll.
IN. 0. Domocrat.1
The extremity to which the chamin.
pious in our Legislature of exclnusive I
rights and mionopolies carry their pre
judices in favor of corporations is stri- I
kingly illustrated by the report of the 1
Judiciary Conmmittee adversely to a
bill repealing the Crescent City Gas
Company. That comparny was one
of the corrupt and fraudulent concerns I
bequeathed to us by the Warmoth
dynasty. The company was given a I
monopoly of the privilege of selling
gas in New Orleans for fifty years af- i
ter the termination of the charter of
the old gas company, which had en
joyed that monopoly for forty years.
This grant was made on the condition
that the company should construct
new gasworks. This was to be done
in ten years. An adventurer from
the North came down to this city af
ter it had been decided that the old
gas company terminated in 1875,
bought up a majority of the stock of
the Crescent City Gas Company at a
dollar and half dollar a share, "froze
out" the minority of these stookhold
era, procured the passage of an act of
consolidation with any other existing
gas company through Kellogg'es Legi.
lature, aod then sold the privileges
and franchises to the old gas compa
ny for one million and a half dollars
or its equivhlent, to wit: 12,5O0
shares of new consolidated company,
representing lthe o4ld gas ompany'sa
property and establishment .and the
fiilnan:.Lj of the Cr. e ent City Gn,
Compainy. Tuiis i incliises and priv
ileges granted hby the Srare on certain
ciinditions which have never been
I'1ililed, have been bartered by a for
eiguwr for a million and it half of dol
Iats, on wlhich the cionsituners of gas
pay 10 per cent per :iannIrui, without a
dollar's investment iir contribution on
the part of the person making this
sale.
And a committee of lawyers, after
heating the argnment of an attorney
for these speculators, report that this
is all right and legal ;,that the North
ern adventurer hand a vcested right in
the franchises of the State, and could
lawfully sell the same for an amonnt
large enonghl to support the State go.
rernment for a Cyear. Can this be
law 9 If it be, it is time indeed that
such law should be overhauled and
chaugedl so as to recognise some:right
and power in the government to pro
tect tc'itfagain t atnh tll toiable frauds
aindi abuse anid perversion of its fran
chises, to the dispoilment of the State
and people and the emolumnent of
speculators, adventurers and jobbers.
1)
I THE GREAT RETURNING BOARDER. lii
E
r Mad. Wells Addresses the Republcans a
of ihe Country. of
-- ii,
Rage and Despair Get the Better of
His Discretion and He Indulges In in
Calumnious Language-Be says His at
Trial Was Isusired by Mr. Tilden D
and David Dudley Field. lii
New York, Feb. 19.-The Timesu
0I
of this mnorning, publishes the follow U
lug letter: hI
To the Republicans and all fair minded
Smen ot the country : "
The peculiar position in whelh I °
have been placed by tihe enemies of e
the Republicanu party and the invete- b
L ate traitors to the Union in the State Ii
Sof Louisiana must be pleaded as my
excuse for addressing you. As the
vilest calumnies, unsupported by a w
e particle of sulficienit evidence, have aI
n been scatteted broadcast over the
e whole country, I fdeem it a duty to it
e myself, my late associates and to tihe re
as great party to which I belong to send it
- after these cm.lumnies such an anti- re
a dote as a few facts in the personal b
I history of tihe chief conspirators and e
r their tools can supply. When it is
t known that five successive Grand A
y Juries have firmly nod positively re C
, fused to find a true bill against me at o
s the high behest of the Attorney Gene- .
. ral; and as the prosecution against e
me and my associates is based upon g
g "information,1 some pubiic interest e
o will attach to the persoral character t,
s of the informers. Tihe central figure
y in tihe conspiracy is that moat supple t,
e tool of the traitore of Louisiana- c
- Judge William R. Whitaker. He t
,f conspired to defraud the government p
of the United States of $600,000, v
e with which he was interested as As- a
e sistant Treasurer, succeeded in the tl
e conspiracy and stands indicted for R
,, the felony.
a On the seventeenth day of April, si
S1877, a nolle prosequi wns entered in
it the case. The celebrated declara
o tion of the Nicholls government was
s made about the same time, the de
t claration that it was the purpose of
it that government to allay anxiety and p
e discountenance all attempts, from
n whatever source, to prosecute per
a sons for political offenses. Judge it
I Whitaker has conducted himself in n
the late trial of Gen. Anderson as e:
Sthough he had undertaken a contract o
na with the Democratic party to do its tI
y dirty work, and receives as his re- P
n ward full rehabilitation into their a
. society. He stated to several per- a
e sons, and to lawyers of high stand- 1
ing before the trial of Anderson that P
. the jury was packed for the purpose ti
e of his conviction. He stated further g
- that no motion having for its object P
- the removal of the cause from his 8
,r jurisdiction would have his sanction.
t. That all motions for that object would a
)f be overnled. Judge Whitaker was tl
ie elevated from thie criminal dock to v
as do the dirty work of the party that is as
w now controlling him. Nine of the f
Ih jurors in the Anderson trial swore t
)f that they were prejudiced against I
re the prisoner, yet they were forced to Ii
at serve. Two of them had declared i
ie openly that Anderson ought to be f
id hunmg. During tihe greater part of i
the trial Judge Whitaker was in a r
beastly state of intoxication. t
Attorney General Ogden is an elder a
in the Presbyterian Church. He, too, t
was aware of the fact that the jury c
n- was packed, and aided and assisted c
re in the nefanous scheme by which the r
e- packing was accomplished. He saidt
·i- he intended to force the trial because
tie lie had his jury prepared for convic- a
a tioni-tlhat ihe kept concealed in his I
as room Littlefield, to prevent his testi- j
ne mony being taken on Anderson's
us trial. This Attorney General is
th wholly unreliable as a sworn officer. I
a He has speculated upon the collection 1
ig of taxes. He attempted to force the a
if- Gm and Jury last summer to find bills
of of indictment against the Returning
a- Board. Appeared before the Grand
rs. Jory and insulted witnesses, and I
an threatened them with incarceration
ct if they refused to swear exactly
ne what le deesred. Failing to procnre
m such evidence from the witnesses as
If- he wanted, ihe accompanied the judge
id before tIme Grand Jury, and had him
'5, (the judge) to reprimand the witness
of es and threaten them with incarcera
a tion :f they did not give sucb testi
se mony as required by him. The judge
d- attempted to force the Grand Jury to
of fnd a true bill to satisfy the wants
ug and wishec of tihe Attorney General
le- against tIme Returning Board, but
ei finding all their extraordinary efforts
a- futile, they were compelled to fall
re back upou the alternative mode of
i formnaltefl."
my, Assistant Attornoy General Egan
v's is a worthy aad pliant tool ia the
he bands of the Attornoy Geueral. Ne
stands indicted f rit uirder in iis TIi
own parish, having abaassinated a
brother lawyer on aicciut of his At
success in practice over him.
Mr. Chas. CavanRc, the important
and reliable witn'ss ofT this tdi of
villains, Whitaker, Ogden and Egau, ith
t is a man of bard reputation for ve- L
racity, especiilhy when a politinal or ati
spersonal interest is involved. Hun- ma
dreds of men in this city would not ti:;
r believe himu under oath. He holds a of
. prominent position in the city goc- pr
Sernllient, although lihe has denounced ty
the female teacherse of the public the
Sschools as prostitutes. ler
W ,Villiam R. Stuart, the custodian of a
t trihe Vernon records, would omit ',' wi
"lie" that lie could utter that wold nrio
b, e likely to convict me. During tho Il
I rebellion lie stole nmy stock, killed it 2
i hogs and poultr3, and put the vote , fot
t his company if they should kill r
and burn my dwelling over tehe lear eri
of my family. a]
E. A. bilrK, anotlher promin- tie
P witness, absconded from the lit all
f town of Xenia, Clay country, in ti an
State of Illinois, and changed 1. Ipa
name from A. E. Burk to E. A. Burl . in
Debts have followed him here we
. liquidation over the signature of ha
E. Burk, and some of them have bet s bit
8 paid by him, thus afirmuing the fa me
of his absconding and changing 1 it.
name. Cli
If The names of the jurors that wer Br
n impaneled for the trial of Andersiv dy
s and myself were furnished by th "Gc
a Democratic committee. Their pou bn
litical status, as well as their views ceil
as to the proper punishmeneit, wa; Hl
' anvassed by the judge, Attorney ha
Generan and Democratic cormmitteie nt
before being placed on the phnIl. ret
One of the jury commissioners tes- ri
titled before the court that the list of the
Sjurors placed in the jury box from jut
which talesmen were drawn after go
f exhausting the panel was furnished thi
-by the Democratic Executive Com- ha
e inittee, and this fact was known to tlhi
"Deacon" Ogden, the "assassin" Ea- Ni
e galt and the "pettifigger" Finney. ed
e The returns from Vernon iparishl I
a were made up in the town of Alex- Hi
e aundria, in the parish of Uapides, ful
ely eighty miles from where the elee
e tion was held. And yet the Return
" ing Board are charged with and made
ie responsible for all the changes which
d it is alleged have been made in these M,
i- returns since the votes were counted in
il by the conmmissioners of election, is
d every one of whom was a Democrat. Lc
is The Jodge, Attorney General, the Be
d Assistant Attorney General and the to
SDistric Attorney have thrown every ha
it obstacle to the way, and used every ha
" exertion to prevent us from produ- Ca
st eing or having our witnesses, by ur- in
in ging a speedy trial, and have denied in
t every legal right claimed by our at wi
,r torneys. on
I These are samples of the principal we
le tools and the menus employed to se in
- cure the conviction of the menmbers of wt
[e the Returning Board in the case un- hu
it properly called the State of Louisiana ie
Svs. J. Madison Wells et al., but re- lie
- ally and truly is and should be called Rn
e the case of "Samuel J. Tildeo vs. Sc
)r Rutherford B. Hayes." SC
It is a contest for the office of Pre- fo
l, sident of the United States and the Mi
O patronage of the executive depart- icr
Sments of the Federal government. vy
tIt is chiefly managed by David
A Dudley Field, with the advice and pl
a peconiary assistance of the National Cc
Democratic Committee. at
rn A verdict of a packed jury of Lou- Yt
Ce isiana Democrats, procured in the on
,n nianner above pointed out, will, it is fri
s expected, be accepted by the people dc
nt of the United States as ajudicial set- th
ta tlement of Mr. Tilden's title to the of
e. Piesidency. It is a bold and desper re
ir ate game for a great strike; myself ba
r- and colleagues on the Retarning !a
i. Board are merely the outposts or
at picket guard which they hope to cap- se
re ture, and then they will surpise the w
ir garrison, if possible, and claim the of
et patronage of the government as the H
is spoils of war. sit
n. In corroboration of this view I M
Id refer you to the movements all along ,a
as the line of the enemy's camp. To the ia
to well grounded reports that a large a
is som of money hlas been sent here to
be from New York to be nsed in the m
re trial; to the fact that the National ar
at Democratic Committee has been cr
to hastily called together, though no ni
Pd national election is pending; to the ic.
be fact that several oflicers of the court, se
of including the judge, Attorney Gene
a ral, the Assistant Attorney General, Ra
the sheriff, the principal witnesses, co
er several of the jurors, and many of D
o, the aiders and abettors of the pro- tl
ry ceedings ate stained with crimes of
done sotorr another,including treason, D
ire murder, larceny, perjury, subordina
id tion of perjury, libel, attempting to
se defraud voters at the polls, and other
ic aserious offenses. Few engaged in tIhe
ue prosecution have clean hands. And
ti- 3et the Democratic National Corn
i's mittee, inspired by the Mephistophil- ~
is ian David Dudley Field, hope. by '
sr. the employment of such tools in a t<
on place, and in a case where the other f;
he side has no posible chance of a fair f.
hIs trial, or scarcely any to be heard, to p
ng make up such a case as shall enable "
ad them to wrentch the sceptre from the a
nd hands of President Hayes and give it
on to the henchman of the Democracy. *
tly The eyes of the leaders of the re ,
ire bellion are already fired upon the c
as high places of the government, which r
Igo they feel assured are as good as in a
lwl their possession already, as nothing a
5s- stands in the way by Wells and An
ra- dereon, whose conviction they have
iti- contracted for, and the contractors
Ige are hurrying on the work.
to Thmis.j& a national, not - personal,
nts question. It is a renewal, in insidi r
ral ous goise, of the tremmendoue con
but Lict of 1876, perhaps of 1861.
erts it becotree the Republicans of the
rall North to be on their guard, and give
of our Louisiana hirelings to undertand
that it is time for them to be quiet,
fan or be prepared for open, determined
the ad uarelenting war.
N. J. MADISON WELLS.
That Tw\o HluudredI ' .. ~cias i I)Ic,'iri.
a An Explaatatloi of thle hi.' iiii{ 'I I
Tran~netiot1.
t i
L oisa ahe '( 14q;.vi gi tli', 4,) not lit 111o
I' arriest (if Atide (' 4Li, \1'( 1 i: ; (ll
-il 0C h142 $ ti Ihe lit ' I~i , l;;, t o
that Si dae, 1el144 . ",1i' i1 tii, it'
t Of Dinnan F. Kvmnai . ltil 1'(I r \ $
1ir Iv 4 )Ilr t ( I t ;Hll I il ( n1 t :4 ý ''¶ 411 4'
the in vehuiigatiimn lubv.rýI 1' ºn 1
l'v F ield%' 4i1)11 l I' 'lw:t
f a pIaliiical int14eres. 1j,. ]\I l~ttr it
lv I tli W i ll) V t 4if I \ (l l Iill , 2 i it u1 tf
1Q OOOI)*,(l)t casi 4i'i il t~tt 'u ii Ili(' l~uilil
for Samuel J. ' \1'il l~i. ~: 1111n.
Mr. Kenner i(;(s$ \i'(i4, I f' t
Set a! I ·leiilid io t, i " (4 v.
haiiitt I n tlrteil htuh to (i). 1 ýnl Iail
-that i witeitid 21as14 a Iaii' (aift. o4f
all th e totes ca si. re I" , l. lifl1W Il
iariishes biut coiilul le lia h w vi4
i lil to elect \ i ( . I I " 111
would do tthat it I wo \·ll ph;u 'ti:l' h H
hands $20(L()'JO It! g eehal;:ls. lilt1
I hiB ihe troth 11 h44 I ý;I4l 1 II:hal il
mo noey. T1t is all t hl("re in:4,;)wit
i it. 1 coniulthedI V jib 14i ":t:1101i
Choppi ii, Jul1 n Plie] t. 1 a'i. .. 'S.
(1', J. A. Morris\·i, lit- Ii(,od t II II)rf
Gordon, Heniy Mill:r will whit
but money was not imabedl and2 eel I
cent was paid. I 11444 glad I'I "i(1(-t
Havs es hais nor thrigm.i t it to t I Iis
hand to stay pnnishntio: 1t i~i hi is
meted out to violators of' iatW. Sec:
r~etary Sherman will $241444 (l24 Iet L: s
mistake in pretesting 4u:a2i42$t it \11l("l
1' the peoplie of t he Sout asi 1k d I r
1 justice. They muade 240 ai~ :;(ill. 11
rgovernment, in the wit il(ra1:i1 Ii t
I the troops, simply (i4I t '; :t ~.!4'4ld1
have been done44 long I)("fiI 1. I thn
)there is no chance V hat Ii' fr I;iv
-Nicholls exItenin(ug p itlliw it) ('i l11 lit.
ed menmbers of1 the Rei'ilinuug aI-,rd.
tI speak, I) 'vecel , w'it hint 1ILIy of.
-ficial kuo', ledge.
The Lottery Party.
S[N. O. Democrat.]
Gen. Young's vote in the Hoiuse on
SMonday in favor otf retaining Soeer
Sin his seat deserves somre IeaI Ik;. It
Sis very clear that the object of tine
SLottery Company was to prevent the
e seating of Barbin, and to retain theit
e tool, Souer, in tihe seat to which he
y had no earthly title. Geni. Young
F had signed the majnrity report of the
-Committee on Elections receni uelld
- ing the seating of Mr. BarbI in, and it
d might have been expected trhat, as he
was a Democrat, relrrese'tinrg a rlI:'..
onghly Democratic conrstitIiencyi(, lie
LI would vote with his party in a case
in which a report lie ihad signed was
f was in line with suchai vote. Stirainge,
- however, as it mray seemi, (Gen. Youing
a deserted his party, ignored il le i leeort
lie ihad signed, anid voted with tihe
d Radicals and Lottery party to seant
I. Souer. All the Radicals voted for
Souer and all tihe Deimocrats voted
- for Barbin, except Gen. Younrg andri
e Mr. Paralta, who votedl with tihe R:rul
- icals, and Mr. Wilde, who dodiged the
vote.
l Messrs. Wilde and Paralta are ern
a ployes and agents ot the Lottery
t1 Company, and we are not astconishedl
at their vote. To understiand Gen.
Young's vote a retrospect is neces
e sary. In tihe Legislature of 1876, our
s friend, Mr. Booth, of this city, intro
e duced a bill to repeal the charter of
the Lottery Conmpany. In thie course
e of tihe debate on that bill Gen. Young
read what purported to be a reporit,
If but what was in reality an able and
laboriously prepared brief sustain
r ing the monopoly. During the tirst
session of tihe present Legisliture lhe
e was one of the most active opponents
e of a bill, which tinally passed tihe
e House, to repeal tihe clharter of tihe
lottery Cormrany. During this ses
sion he has stood nnflnlteringly with
I Messrs. Peraita and Wilde in all cases
g affecting tihe interests of the Louis
'e isna Lottery Company. lie voted
e against his party on thIe arrerdrrent;
e to repeal all monopolies, and he has
e mrore recently voted withi the Radicar
r1 and lottery party against the Demio
n crate to keep in his seat one of tlhe
0 most infamous and obnoxious Raid
e icals in Louisiana, andl who he itim
' self reported. was not elected.
We hope that Gen. Young may be
, able to reconcile those votesr wit li his
Sconscience and his honest theories of
'i Democracy ; but he cannot reconcile
r theni with our sense of right, nor, we
'f venture to say, with tihe views of the
° Democracy of Claiborne.
110
)r The Press Defence.
ie [Richland Beacon.]
One Newsom, in the IHouse of Repro
- sentatives of this State, dnritrg the clis
cussion of the proposced conatituiteonal
ly amendments last Monday, tookl ot casiou
a to reiterate the vulgar and slaclderous
er falsehood of War'moth that. "the l'rcis
iir favors a convention because it, worn Il
to put nioney in their pocket " and that :all
Ie who favor it are parties in interest. We
e are all parties in interest so far as re
it lates to the general welfare of the cpeo
ple; but when these political timnirihie
.' ringers and would-be statestIent hiinilg
e such charges as these against the crentire
ire classe of honorable and pat riotic getrle
ch men, they either utter a known fdlstdiood
in or are too ignorant to know :enything
ug about the matter of which they aro
Lrr. speaking, and trierit only the rourtenipt
roe of the intelligent class they attinimpt to
irs slander; for it is well Irurnw thlirt the
press has mde greater y'reniiitaes for ihbe
good of this State than ll tcit h'-r entet'
), prisee atd profesior:s comubi'ucd. There
di are very few nerwspaplr r mcnii, ii fct, in
in- thin State who ha'e not mrralde very greurt
personal sacrifices in tire irrteriest of the
tire Peorle.
lye tb convention worrld put any mioneiy
adi our pockets, except in the way of tax
je t, ved, we are not aware of tire fact;
let, but we cannot say that opposition there
ted to has not put mnoney in the pockets of
our slanderers. Dishonest persons al.
I. ways inspect other of dishonest mltotives-