JAM.ii ( )( E !ItO.
&. 1 I ld)AY ! - - 111 ,;lv 1ý' I C.
1 y1si:tre .. " 4 U :Ie l)I Wt n 2 1 _ 0
2 siq :raei... It I 13; 1 )0 2"1 0u 5 OUI
4 Alnl:ll.4·t... I I10( I 1ý ' O I "1 0, I"p l 15I,
!) I dre'... 117Ot ,)Out in lj a, 1u 40i (1 !
i ali- s.I .. 11:11 'l :(1: 11 ' . Il I40 ni
7 spares 3 iI ,7 10 T (a 1) ?' 0
r* lquariý... f 0f1 3) 111 II 00 G5 1h' 01) 0(1
i, wj fores tlo I 0011. lilt7 01i. i t if
sl  i n s.'.. 1lii) i~0 . 0 (1) .) 1 1,0 I i l 110 5
-r,lIlint adveL tisV, ii "nfs .I , .al per square of t I
1' linrs fl rell rit , I irxt i; tIrflin. 1011a1 h stlbse
qitent illortil 7.3 rentsi per sryttllre.
All cihanglu ini ald\Vttl'isiintlIt to lbe
chargeld as if ill\'.
Tralnsie.nIr al11iverltisielits ullist be Iplidl
for in nldVanti.
All hills withl regilar tdlverlisier rlen
dealre quartrly.
Oni' inch of iohl ,brevier constitutesi a
equare.
Iariigle and, oblituar notices ,,eyond
fli simp' anlnlllllllou ieent, r.solutions or
cards of thanks, charged as advertise
nctnfe.
Rates of Suhbscription.
One Copy one year ...................... *.fi00
One Copy AI nuosiths ...................... (i )
(Pva)lble in advance.)
THIS PAPFR IS Olt FILE WITn
a t,
Where Adveting Contract enan be made.
WV. WV. ~fHARPI- & CO.,
PUBLISHERS' AGEINTS,
No. 25 Park Row, New York,
Are autlorized to contract for ad
vertising in our paper.
Deiimoratic Ticket.
FOR PREYSIDENT,
UAKEs1a T. TILDEN,
OF NEW YORK.
FOR VICE-PRESIDENT,
Thos. A. IENDRICKS,
OF INDIANA.
'~beit Resolved, that
i'1AM1ES E. KEEGAN,
o ird six. of this parish, be requested
to iihinit his nalme for nomination for
ftiERiVF.of this parish, in the Conven
tioq..
"e it further Resolved, That in the
event of his accepting this call, that this
Ward will give himn its cordial support.
LEONARD TRICHEL,
President, Ward 2 Club.
I A.E. LEMEE, EsQ., will consent
fa !olw his nam'e. to go before the
t~enwtaJic.Consertatira Conveition
of the parish, fir the office of Clerk of
the District Gourd, he will receive the
cordial support of
MANY CITIZENB.
Weather quite warm.
'Clontierville has been enjoying
delightful rains, during the week
Sickness among children still
continues.
A party of armed colored Rega
latirs appeared. suddenly in ward
6 last week, and arrested one
14 IVson, a notorious horse and
hgg, thief, and they hung him
Quite good indeed-there is one
less thief, the pariSh' is saved
mwuck money, and a goOd'example
is det.
le was very drunk. "'Rah for
hf-Whaao and Heeler!" The
fact is, you have to mix a deal of
whisky with the Cincinnati nomi
nations before they inspire enthu
, Pioneer Club of Cloutier
EIle, have increased their mem
bership to nearly 170-and a large
nimberof whom, are colored men.
We ; eg that the President of every
wars elub:of the Democratic-Conser
~l itelarty in our Vparish will send
a ala Ibt of ollicere for publication.
1 inbey:t o ma meeting of
.AIfS UT 7th, `and let all attend.
b y, c' for rain isiheard from
Z aone parts of the parish, plaut
i l. ng ,if they do not get
S~in a few days, that their corn
Si~ fit h amuost ruined.
di1 l bu g t i e w s b o reityear for
.WWe think we have
l d g the week the finet
in our livps, ad of
I evnt fve ceuts per
. , Iid, fmh o Jack
I e o o. to the
The Baton Rcrvgo Convention.
On next Monday, 241t Host., the
,eople through their duly anuthorized I it
delegat.es will assemble in Conven
tiotn for the purpose of choosing can- ti
dilolates, who are to ie our standard- n,
h ,lers iu the cominlg canmpaign, and w
Slhot are to llitle over us for the next w
folr yeVIIs. Many peirsontls dleprea it
and cry out agatinst these constanitly g,
recirt'iung periodictal excitementi , ar
going that they endanger the stabi!i. a
ty of our Government, maike onr citi- n
zeOIs less patriotic', and decrease anil t
lessel their love antl respect for tlheir 1
country anud its peculiaru in titutilonsw. h
,The. wiI1 say Iihat this -'zctmlnle fortl
othiee is a disgrace, lnd shoultl e ii
frowned down hby all patriotic citi- -
zells. 'lThe otlihT. 5sho11ld seek the 1
ma11nI, and not the lUaill the office."
'T'his is all very good iini its pice, aind t
eautiful in tlieo, but whln put to I
the test of American Ipohtics, will al- i
ways be found far behinid the real
sitaintion, and in the phace of ren- v
r deling our giovernmient less stable, it s
SIsthe very lifel of the nation, t
WVe have but one thing to ask of
this Convention and we areO certain
, the work l t ill be well done. Let t
m wisdom guide their councils and nuod
* eration seasoli ltheir acts, we are then
certain of success.
Thalt mIen should le amblitioisi
enough to deshire to lead in thlis great
contest; in this mtuighty struggle for
the plierpletuation of Amlerican libetity,
is no stain on thetir Iite, 1nor re
proach to tlheir fame ; and it is left to
Sthie Co('nilvention oin whoti the honor
shall fall, and fromi or ktitnowle'dge of
3, the avelrage atteildalts of these gath
elings, we can trutihfully say, we have
1. but little fi'ar of the result. It iilat
ters but little wlhethel the stanldard
. bearer lives in city or country, we
cann rest assured of one flet, and tihat
is this, "hlie wvill be found equal to the
task set before him," and lie will
hear our bannelrs tiuinmpliantly and i
success.iully, aind land 1us in the liar
bor of success on the day of election.
There will be found few men in
Blton Rouge on the day of the Con
rention who have left hiome this hot
Sand disagreeable weather for person
al ends and selfish purposes; but all,
or nearly all, will be found there with
a singleness of pullpose, and "anl eye
on the main chance," and that is the
defeat of Radicalism in the approach
ing election. This 'one thing settled,
and the gamlle is made easy ; selfillsh
SI'till"s will be forgotten, personal am
[Fr bitions will he given upll, contentions
w- will be hushed, and animosities bit
e tied ; then we will all give a "long
is p"ll, a strong pull, and a pull alto.
gether," and victory is certain. If
ant man has any objection to this or
t that cindiidhate, the time for him to
ie make it known is bifore his friends
in i hiflfji -In nominiarlon, utter ieis
f placed on the ticket hisi individuality
e ceases, and lIe becomes part antl par
cel of thle party so nom!nating him,
and any word againist him is directly
Sa thrust at the party.
A gentleman fromtn thle country in
forms us that some lquasi Radicals are
endeavoring to create tile itmpression
ill aitong the white people, thlat a ring
has been formed by leading Demo
cats in this city to nnuiinate andi
o- elect men to office, who will force the
*d people to pay the Judgment tax.
t We hIaveonly to say, that sultcl a
id repo t is false in every particular, and
the men who utter them are slander
emus liius! afraid to face those they
secretly calumniate.
S- The white citizens of this pariesh
can rest assurqd that the ViNrrcA
Ton was born of opposietion to the
r- Judgment' tax, the movement of 1874
e wIas a successful engagement against
( it-the tax was repudiated by the
. people, and should any ring or clique
have been formed, we would have
been the first to cry out against it.
Every one that knows us, is aware
r- that we are against thie payment of
Sone cent of the Judgment tas-every
Democratic judgment-holder, aind
Sthey are but few in comnparlson, is
opposed to it, andti what is more, the
ry Radicals are the very ones to gain
r- the most by its payment.
S The Judgment tax is a dead islre,
too dead to talk abuiut. The lwhite
Miat ·ae uutingsl of 1874 killed it, and it
caiinof Be dragged inotii;ths cativass
by any nian, or set of men.
At our Cohvention we will pro
I notunce our views upon it, and it will
t. be seen that these men who now
et charge this upon our leading citizens
Sdo so falsely.
Let sonle person to whom these
Radienls report these things, ask his
r authority-aye, make himin face his
e man, and we venture to say there
t will ,be some tall swallowing of words.
.We hller the name of one of these
Bhowlers, and can Mbieo that ihe is a
or jtdgmelit crelor kirnself, or-was, butas
soitn as ite "traded" his judgment off,
i. he comnes out-a ftil fledged opponent
Sto Its paymens. There is very little
virtsi in, sach oondht aas that, and
he W~ijfl.tn so to, ;ii: cost, before Ihe
Rph through .withlat ..,t .-.
a; Th1 iopile lof Notec bitoehes are go
SRi'! n-'i"o',+i.lot:u
.. +: + ,; ++- • +- ,,c + .,.a , .<,il,
1 The Issue.!
SIThe people of tlhe palish of Nateh
l itoches have in view the accomplish,
Sment of hut one object--the restora
tion of the eondnet of local, as well I
as State and National affairs, to those
d who are honest, capable and trust- I
:t wortiiy, and who will conduct public I
e interest to the end that all may enjoy
Y good Govet nment.
It is the policy of the Radicals here
as elsewhere, to divert the publlic as
munch as possible ftom the real issue,
l to spring questions entirely foreign to
Sthe suibject, itnto the eanvnass with the
* hope of withdra wing attention from
r the misdeeds of the Radical patty ;
' Its premlation tpon, and lpmnder of
- the people for tlhe past eight years.
'lit Iin this they are destined to fail.
SIn the lust place their sins have eetn
d too great and too recenlt, to be so
to soon forgotten. The appalling fact
1- of an eiUlht per cent t(.ration still lin
.g Lers in omur mnemoryv-the Iullt ring,
I- with ityers, its Myets, its Ilornsy, its Black
it stone, was but a short two years ago
the power that moved the lRepublican
of party.
in lilnt leaving aside all these facts,
Sthe hopelessness of a good local gov
l ernmetit froln the Radical party is too
et a pparent. P'he men composing it
are not capacitated, and the lenders
are too corrupt, too dishonest to be
at even allowed to conduct public af
or fairs.
. What hope is tthete ft it a party
C- whose District and Parish Judges are
to tnder indictment by the Grand In
of quest of the parish, for robbery and
of bribery ; whose Sheriff was threaten
t- ed sispension by the present District
C Judge for neglect of duty-not idly
ot threatened, lnt simply retained Ie
rd cause the office of Sheriff' would de
e secend upon a man more corrupt anid
at worse in character, the Coroner
Ie whose Senator was denounced by his
ill own color and party, in the late Ilatli
I cal Convention as a liar! who could
.r twnever tell the truthl; whose Ilep'e
Rr sentative is besottedly ignorant and
vicious--and whose Police Jury is
the same, in fact, whose party
leaders in our midst, are the most
deqraded, consunfrilate scoundrels mu
Nothing these fellows can say or
Y do will infinence a single man who
loves his people and desires good
government, from keeping in view
STIlE ISSUE in this contest ; to drive
from power, both, on and behind the
throne, every Radical or seeming
na Radical in the parish and State.
tg We, and we speak the sentiments
o- of the 2000 white votes of Natchito
If cites parish, the opinion of the Bulle
or tin to the contrary notwithstanding,
to intend to have a peacnebleftir and
IS honest electi oni--n .-ame.-haa'lt. our
1r city cotemporaries will attest that
ty fIet as cominig fronm us at once.
ir- No State line of policy can be ad
, dopted; each parish must judge of
:ly its own wants and act as tihe best
Sjudgement would dictate; buit we
have this to say and we say it with
n out fear, that if the Bulletin would
ire tput sound pilitieal knowledge to the
on test, it could carry the city by its 20,
"t 000 miajority, which exist, instead of
1o its 130,000. Rapides and Natchitoches
nd have enchl a largo registered negro
le majority; thle former carried the Denm
n;ratie ticket trlumnptantly through
' in 1874, and the latter came within
d 26 votes of overcoming 1600 registered
t-negro majority and that too with
eY Merrell's men raiding, like devils, in
to the heaviest wards and with ser
iseb eral of our best workers in camps un
a- der arrest. We venture to say that
he you could bring up a score of your
174 best city managers and they would be
bst beaters a thousand totes, simply be
le cause they don't know anythling of
ne politics and canrot poll their olrn vote.
ye Somie city journals will persist
it. ently abuse country papers for being
ire extreme in expr'esslon and the Bulle
of ti mildly, but ftctiouslyy. puts it to our
ry neighbors the Alexandhia Democrat
nd and the Baton Rouge Advocatea
is With us, sltattious are criterions
le always, and we venttre to say that
ain Ifter all the truaths developed with
regard to radiacl rule and rulers in
me, the Red river coutry, no more blind
tile ly ignorant journals of the tone of the
Sit people, their character and standing,
a exists thani the New Orleans press
save the Democrat and the editor of
ro tlhat paper is himself of this section.
i "Long.haired swamp foxes" with
, shot guns in hand ready to plunge
s the coqutry" in tronble; andns to
provoke a conflict and thereby fuirnish
Sa "pretext" to Packard fior the use of
his troopseseems to be what haunts tilhe
is tmind of the average city editor.
are Nothing further from thie truth conuld
exist thitn this suipposed state of af
fairs. The "count'y people" intend
a to bear their burdens. with resigna
a tion, edmness and peace just as far
as consistent with honor and safety
to themselves and. famiiies. No
;tle violence is intended by either onep r
ld U or the other !
,The a who sys that a ring ia
been foramed in this plarish!of Demo
"d crts, torenforee the Jadgmenfta: by
1g the fttton of ol)eelr fi/voringit, IS
n. A 144' andn ,se A4p/ h to saja
gettA65 ge ,mt aeuu, orsh atp !
rnd
t .~R~dot
Sr;
Grand Rally of the Denmocracy.
Distinrrlishlred IPublic S' pnkeras
II'Explcted.I
RIaising of the Tilden and F: cn.
dricks Pole.
Firing of time New Cannhon.
Everybody Invited to Attend.
On Monday August 7tl,. there will be
a 1GRAND IRATIFICA'TION MEET
ING at. this place for the purpose of
ratitvinug the tllntinations made at
St. Louis and liaton Rouge. Many
distinguished public speakers have
been invited to participate in the pro
ceedings. It is expected that the
nmeetmlg will be one of the latgest
ever held in North Louisiann.
It is Finished,
n Before another number of the iudi
eafor reaches its readers, the D)emo
cratic-Conservative party ol the State
of Louisiana, ,in Convention as
Ssembled will have named, if they pos
it sess the wisdom (we thimnk'h1ey have,)
the Governor of the people.
SUpTni Monday inext, the represent
atives of ninety-nine per cent of
the wealth and1 intelligence of the
State will assemble at Baton Rlouge
to name the candidates for the suf
firages of libert.y, law loving people of
dour colmmonwetalth. Upon their ac
tiou depends the well being oif civil
society in Louisiana ; that they will
be wise and patriotic ; tha:t they will
glrasp the situation and41 act up to it,
w vehaveno doubt. They spring from
d the people, know their wants and will
certain;y supply them.
Let them give us gentlemen of abil
Ity, of ciaracter and availability;
gentlemen of positive standing ; an
aggressive platfiorm and we see only
41 victory in the contest.
Let there he no bargaining or swap
ing for places ( no trades for office.
Satriots must rule or tricksters will
ruin.
Wle pray that we nmtly not say, with
bowed head and heart broken with
anguish, as we survey tile wreck of
our hopes, the dest!uction of the
l hopes of Louisiana--"it is finished !"
'e Attention Democrats and Con
e servatives.
iesolred, That a PaUish Convention
of the I)Democratic-Conservative party
is be called to assemble in this city, on
Thursday, Septemher 14th, 1876, for
. tile purpose of nominating three imeom
bers of the Legislature, and full Pa.
Srocl:ial ticket for election in Novem
r ber nIzt; and that the basis of repre
t sentation be one delegate (and vote)
for every fifty votes cast for John011 C.
SMonueme, in 1874, and one delegate
S(and vote) for every fracetional part of
Sfifty votes so cast-under which basis
the several wards of the parish will
be entitled to the fidlowing represen
tation:
Ward 2 3 Delegates,
I, " " 4 4 "
of " 5 3 "
A " 6 4 "
" 7 2 "
" 8 1 "
" a 9 1 "
i " 10 5 "
in " II 3 "
" 12 7 "
'rTotalt 5 Delegates,
* In conformity with the above Reso
"' Intiou of hlie Central Executive Comt
" mittee, the several Wards of Natchi.
at tolhes parish will elect delegates to
r salht parish Convention, tvhiclh will
be assemble at Natelhitoehes, on
THURSDAY, SEPT., 14th, 18769,
of
for the purposes set forth ill the above
resolution. IR. E. BURKE,
ig Clhairman, Central Es. Committee.
Re. . W. TAYLOn, Beeretary.
ur We sincerely trust that every citi
at zen who has at heart a real desire,
and who wants a better state of af
fairs to come about-will give his at
at tention to thie selection of thile proper
th men to choose a ticket tor thile suffra.
Sges of our people ; for we say in ad
l- vance, that if good, available, honest
Ie and competeat men are not selected,
it wijr,.Cj geqk ,a it deaor ves to be.
of Could not those whose busiless or
n pleasure calls them on horse-back
th or in vehicles through our streets, re
ge member the poor denizen who has
to neither horse nor carriage, but
h must per force live in the lower
of strata of insinuating dust constantly
ie stirred up hy these passersby in the
w. streets. \We do not ask thea not to
Id pass, but we do ask, in the name of
f. charity, that the passing shall be done
d as quietly as possible and as little
a. dust kicked up as needed. If personos
'ar are out riding for pleasure, there are
ty many beautiful drives and prom
o eades ountside of the city limits
r. wheie we a're certain this recreation
eould be enjoyed to a much greater
extent than rushing through our dus
Sty Streets at a futious rate,
The Padsh Central Executive0Com.
mitteel meets regularlyon the third
Sondayt in elic alouth-Monday,
Agtuit list, is the e day Qof met
Ing
9'li~l·i~pt h~
~4
s! t ~
.Ml'S '.ELTIiN'.
The Mass .Meeting of the citizens i
of this Pam ish will take place on
MONDIAY, AUGUST 7TII, 1s76.
s The followling named gent tlemen
have been appointed as a Committee
on aranIgeIIii ens:
T. Haller, Emile Debllietx, Jhlha
i)uckleran. ingh iMcKlenna and ti
Theodore Schunian.
'liThere will be a "Pole and Flag" f
hoisting, and speeches lby visiting and i
local orators. Let every one attend. it
-- - mow. e/ "ý~--- - -- IC(
Who is Running Hayes. ti
O, r special correspnndent at Washl,
Sing writes us an interest lug letter tl
of about thl "F''ourtih" and its eelelbra
it tioll at Washington, but that is stale
iV for us now. We siubjoin, lIowevrr, t
re cnrrent views alnd opinions tegarding n
° the men who are runniig Hlayes, the t
Re publicaan, for President: 1t
At a tmeeitig held in Cincinnatti
the other evening, among those iinvi
ted to Lie present were James A. Gar- d
held, of Ohio, and James L. Negly, a
of i'., there we see two of the basest
kind of cArrliplinists to the fronti-
o- Garfield is It nlember of Congress. t
to In the last House lie was Chauirman of
the Committee on ilappropriations,
and in this position aided in every (1
way lie could, every corrupt ring In a
,) plundering the Treasury. lie was
tihe pliant tool of Boss ShepIpard. lie i,
it- was as clay or putty in the hands of
1Mullett, he was the- Attorney of the t
of D)istrict ring, and in addition to all .
lhe lie was as dieep in the Credit Moblilier
g h llin-ss as old Oakes Almes hinselfu '.
rThe malm Negly was in Congress a
short time ago. lie is now under in- I
of dlictnent in this city for swindling Ithe
Ic- Government. His career in Congress
il was characterized by thie most shame- t
ill less jobbery anti corruption. What t
ll hope is tlhere from a candidate whose
ill case is advocated by men of that
it, character f 'le situation is the same
' all over the country. The corrupt,
ill elemelts in the epllll,lican party are t
in the ascendency, ad(! if Hayes is
elected, he will be eloected through its
ii- agency. His administration will be
y corl'pted by it, and six months after t
lie takes his seat in the Executive
an Chair, the country will he as cown
11Y pletely in its hands as it is to-day.
If Mr. HIIaes were a strong man: if
p- le possessed the courage and tenacity
of a man like Tilden, it would per
SIhaps lie ditler-ent, but Hlayes can make t
ill no reform witlhont quarrelling with
his party and throwing overboard the ,
th men to who:n le is indebted for his
t nomiination, and to whom, if elected,
lie will be indebted for his election.
of Republicanism and reform are an tag
he onistic elements, and it is sheer folly
1! to expect one as the product of the
other. If HI;yies is made President of
n the United States, his adnministration
will be as corrupt as Granlt's.
NEMO.
011 ---~c----
To the Breach Once More !
ty
on RIt:tROi)TCIEtD FIItC OUlR ISSUE O OC O
for TORIER 1i'rT, 1875.
The contest in Ohio was purely lo
cal, nothing uiatiounal depended npoin
m- its riesults, and 11no one should be dis
.re- ,nragedi tlereat.
te) The fhp;nl.lieans of lthat State ;vere
Sas emlphalltic as the l)mnoerats, In dle
nomuncing Giranit's Sotlherm I, licy,
ite and the peo)Ile of Louisiian should
of gi on with renewed elfforts to secure
, their own liberlty.
In Pennsylvanla, the endeavors of
ill the Replublicais to drag in the enr
n- rency issnae and make it a hlading
feature of the political contest, has
proven a signal fdlure, T'Ihey will
be beaten nlpou thie open question of
thie fiandse, peculation and corrupt
ibility of thir party, Upon that
ground must they stand. We admit,
however, thlat the failure of the Cin
einnnatti Enquirer's wild, visionary
scheme, which is Pendleton's pet hlob
by, will injure us to some extent,
but will not impair our ceitain sue
cess.
Sam'l, J. Tildole, of New York,
stands to-day as the living represent
ative of Demnocracy.
- Hard money ; tlate rilhts; no Fed
i- eral interference. honesty and intel
i ligenee, are, alone, the pass-port to of
SJficial honors.
ill In Louisiana, our-contest is for the
reign of liberty, virtue and civiliza
tion, against corruption and barbarlity.
Let us not loose sight of that. Stand
solidly, together and our success is
ave assured. Thib radical leaders have in
vain tried to bring us out, in this State,
be. on these tininclal issues, with the
hope of covering up their past wronlgs
to us. They have failed, and must
iti- stand upon past merits.
ire Have fortitude,
"Bfavre spirits are a balsamn to themselves:
Tf 'hlere is a nobleness of mind, that heals
at- Wound beyond slaves."
per As our friends of the press through
ra- out the country are trying to claim
ad- precedence in namin; Governor S. J.
est Tilden, of New York, as the nominee
ed, of the Democracy for 1876, ie think
be. t but proper to put . our [.Aaims to
some of the honor at least. The
or above is from our issue of October
sck 16th, 1875, and speaks for itself.
re- *
has POIsONOUS REPTILES AND TEISECTS.
but -Considerig the niumber and varie
rer ty of poisonous reptiles and insects,
itly abounding almost everywhllere in the
the United States, it is not surprising
to that eases of death resulting from
of their bites are frequently recorded in
ne the public piress. But it does seemn
ktle strange that in this land of knowl
on edge, people should through igno
are rance give themselves up to d(lie after
being bitten, when a cure can be
- speedily eff'ecred in ihe worst eases
tits by the timely use of that simple rem
ion edy, the Seven Seals or Golden Won
ter der. The proprietors of the great
medicine ha-e a large nuniber of bona
s.- feido certificates in their possession,
attesting the most wonderful cures of
bites of venomous relptiles.
The 8even Seals has been found
um- equally .eficacious when applied to
ird bee stings, which a, is well known
y, oftentimes prove fatal to the sufferer.
e.- Aches and pains of every deseription,
whlether aceento or chronic, are almost
instantly rdleved by tile application
of the Seven Seals to he" parts af
fbeCted.:'. ' july lio.
~ ~. ~S'U.~~t-~-`. ·i
A W ARITIN&i.
How Will "Ruthy Birchard F
Itays" Word That Letter ?
N. Y. Su-i.
"The letter of ac ,itance must
Savoid a)pproval or cotndemnation oflt t
(lGrat's .dninit'atioti, and ought to
bie very brief." Such was ithe ilituic- c
tign which furt Oliio ]epililiean Uoni-. 0
gr(s.5ien senit by t ;let llg h tlhe othier r
iisv to Mr. hlves, the ('ineina.:iti :itn
dilate fr President. Why dil tllhey
think it necessary to seind thisg griatn
itus wlarning to their nomineet . ? They t1
Iert:illvy could noti have lhen afraid
that le wonil attack or condemn
Graitisnm in his letter of ieceptance.
HIe has never atI :invy time said anv- t
thling igainst it. I el hat s eonist.lutly
refrained from exprit ssiing his. disap- (.
privaf'tl f :ly of its fealtures. Hle
inst ihave sects its w st l its wltefn'ilnes , t
eotrrl itfll tillntes, its irottlenness. Il .
tmust have known that it Ihas beent
engetndeini wide-.spt'."i evils, and
that it, wouhl prove ruinous to tlhe
C t toultrV if nIot lrtlnlht to llu eild.
But he has llev'er raisied his voice t
against it, as a patriolt ought to have t1
dtone. Ile lhats kept quiet a ita mouse
º about it. lie doubtless knew -1t I.t
an ly astIak uponl it would nljule lls
party standing, Iiut hi in opposliition t
to lthe party lenders, 11tail upselt his
Slroslpects for politieal promotion.
We repeat, then, that the telegraphl
dispatcl was inoit senit to Mr. Hlayes
as a waitning against hitrodieingl an C
nslauight uponl Grantism into his t
letter of aceptanclle. (
''The object of it is clear euionugh to
those who unlderstand the poc livi
ties of the ('incinnati cUindidllate. It.
r was to 'estli'lil him rll t litroelt1 inutll
- his aippi livl of lirtism. The send-ll
rs of the dlliatclh eret aiwaire of the 1
- danger of his doing that. lhe has of.
Sten donle it. lie woul he likely to
feel the olbligation to do it again " on
this oceasion. lle was nominated by
Sthe alldherents of Grant. lie is sul
porte. d by the leiders of Granlism.
lt Il stands in tlh especial iueld of the i
Sassi:itairne iitf Graint himsielf. \Vhat
Iore t1naturatil, then, coisidlerilig his I
antecedents, hlis situiation and Iis '
Schiartceter, than that lie shiould seize t
the opportuniity iof once t more iindos- I
iln G 'llantisalu in his letter of accept.
r ince f
lhy did the dispatch senit to ]:ill
by the Ohio Rs1epuilicant Congress
men urge him to "avoid approval" of
r ( rattism ? ll ave these Congressimen
themselves avoidedi approval otf it
Haive thety dealt with it as honest and I
e true itenl ought to have done I Or I
have they not rather stood up ais
Schatupious of the very thing which i
sLnow alahtitls themit !
Why tare they ailairmed about Grant-.
i811 in tlhese election times? Thley
are alarimed becaunse they know that
the Ipeto p hle iiiave beet iiroised to ni
sense of its enormity and are deter.
' mined to put all end tIt it.
u Mr. IlHayes, therefore, in getting up
his letter of ceptance, mullst be caire
full to heed the injuntlotil and toI
"avoid approval or Condemnlation"
of Gratitsm. It Is rather hard on
him, no doubt; and if, in avoiding
approval, lie shouhl offend Grant andil
the rings of Grantism, lie had better
niever htave eet pt til as the niOlls
ace of the Grant partyi
A ,SQuAn. Js;<R ON 'rilE AtiPRO -
'3 IuiA'rloN liu.ls.-Tihe W. slintiilgton
Scorreisltoident of the lSt. Lolis itlepub
i, icli, utinder fdatre of the 0th, says
l that Mr. Morrtmilson will Introduce
e jltoit Irteslitiont on the day tfilbowiig
extendiug aipproprittions flor the peres
fent e iscail year Io tiDecember 15, eith
r- the uinderstanding that, as the el-c.
g tioli of a President by the Democralts
ii siean rit renlitnihent, as is claimned, the
IIl Senite shall then agree to the bills1
f bbut that in the eveit of the electionI
t- of a Republican President the House
it shall accedet o the Seitte aneld
, ttents. If the Dentocrats ate site.
t- cessful the appropriation hills are to
Stake efect Jutly tirtt, nil salaries land
n noney used anter that time being in
advmanel as it were. This will put
ithe question squarely before tile peo
ile, if the Senate passes the resolu-t
c, tion, which is doubtfull. If they do
L- refuse, the people will theit see that
there is nio siticerity in their opposl
t- ion to the bills.-Times.
When Babcock, after lan(d pretehises
Sof a desire to meet all ti blottoi
e facts of hi east,, eame to aettril trial
before at court and jury, he used every
SeffItlt to keep out the ldalaingllhg evi
dences Wlhetlli Blaine, after deceitful
Srepresentatiois front his sent in Con
l glress of his railway trausactions astd
adroit protestations of his purity, was
eonfi outed with the ptrivalte corres
lponsdence which wittessed lii cor
rupt plictiees, hle tried tol buy off the
holder of these letterst, atend. etsa
hoialilly went down on his knlees to
jn hin. Failing in these attemptis to
silence hIis bold iaccuserl , lie seized the
Sletters atd earrid them off. Whent
ielkniap came ineto the Contrt of Im
Speachitntent smiling, lie declared his
1. defense a sound. and sufficient one.
e Yet lie at onece tried to escape trial
sk by pleading non jurisdiction, and hie
has used every means to secure de
to lay and defeat Justice. This I not
1e the way In which innocent men act;
er but it is the way of criminals.-N. Y.
Situ.
aiThat's a good deal better liquor
thian they set out at inlost bars," said
' the straniger, its hle dreow a thumb
s, across his mouth atd set tlhe emttpt.
tglass on the bar. "Thate tastest like
real Kenitteky Bourbon. If incus
would sell good liquor-as good as
Syosirs-we shuuld hear no eilpierance
in lectures; there woutld be no drunk
n ard's graves. It is bad whisky whlichl
i caises the sin and wretehedoess and
destitution, and breaks up so miians
r happy. hontes. There's health and
Shiaptiess asid good cheer in this. I
could drink it all day and feel that
I was a better and nobler nsan at
night." "Fifteen cents," interruipted
at the iutpatient bar-tetider. "Fifteen
o cents," returted the stranger; "why,
a guess my credit is good, ain't it I"
, "No, it ain't; I don't know you.
"Don't know mei! You say you li'e
id in this town and don't know me t"
to "Come, now, no more of your chin.
n music; pay for that drink and get
ur out," said the indignant bar-tender.
u "Why, young fellow, Iti A. T. Stew
art's first conusi," rejoined the strau
rn ger; and then four men sjiratig for
g ward and threw him out of the alley.
o window,
aditi maltter on every page.
- . ?..
T ANCE.
Re sc lutti ns of LU. F. T. C
Oil No. 13.
W'heret-,a. it:h sueces of .
t nite! lrii [ d t t' T,1 p.ra,.t i
this State, has beeiln tupze.
e,1 this last year. 1nou tU"'Ni
quite one h1u!dired Coanuclij", y
order thi(refilre to secure unitt,
etfort, :sltd ctarry fie'wartd tlhem
with stili greater s,'ccss, and [
V hlie iel.:s. it · it ite, s:sary that
ilhe State L.c't r:'r .shouldr it
thiese several I 'utleils, and i=
strnet tieltrI ill the work, withll
View tto the greaiter ettiie- i,
the saltte, thereout' he it
lvr ohred. Thlat -at'hitele
(Coutnciil N\. 1 '. F. F.of T.do
iby agreie ani engd e to rlaiw i
unally. flor the I'purpose of om .
salting said Lectlure tir his ~ei .
:'es in the l'prellises, the sn -
Twenty l)ollatl',, to be forwaQj
to the (rail Seribe of the 8t
to Ie pil idt to he State Leeta~
1poltl his owin warrant.
Be it. firtlhiu Ire.suolte'd Thathk
-recording Seribe he reqtllhpstl
pubIlish the foregoing lieasolgi4h |
the "'l'rol's I'itndicator," and it
firwllrdl copies tlhereof to smrrongj.
ilbg Co(tit'ils, ill order thattt
may take simnilar action (it deli
e prope,'r) in the lpremises, pil
to thll Con)vention of the Stae
('ouuncil at Montgomery, iO the
22d1 of August next.
lHe it finally Resolred, that the
State Council be requested to ae,
Inorialize the several ComoI
throughout the State, to t1i
simiilar i2ctihli.
W. II. JACK. -
J. S. WHITE.
.1NO. GEXOE.
Lo. .\x! Suumrr l.rit.-Manyeg .
tois lhave prevailed among the 1i
sex ISlipeCt ing the mode of arragi
the hair, and they have a light 
opt a variety of changes ; buti elr
the hair short and wearing it Ig
boys is not colllllendable. lMenai,
at diflirent times, worn the hair cl4
This has eveir be eni codemniied u
Iuunsctrilpt trll custolii. In the derl
Charlhes I., of Engliand, the $i
lwho despisi!E close religious fM
wore lollg hair,. while the Puritalse
theirs short, and were called "reuli
headlls." It has beencl caulated tllt,
v conitinial lcutting anld shay o
the hair, lbont seven feet in .ih
is tlemoved from a mnla in twenty
years. Some writers assert thst td
practice of close cuttilg and
tends to weaken the bod. . "i
writers draw a poweifuld arlt
from Samson, who, when all aNAsi1a
slew several thousand Philladia
with the jawbone of an ass.
It wais shown beforeoneofthee:
init~tees ot'Congress that Mr. Piee
pont, model Attorney generl, tI
scarcely a month in offttice wle het
ave all opinion which enabled gqS
Ingalls to squander about fear hk*
dred thousand dollars. That ltith
kind of man iMr. Pierrepont iw.--l':
TH:EY I)Do 17 WIrTH Tape~]
I.rs.--A lady in liedford, lia
Inear a crulehi, was sitting tlhi
window listlChitg to the crt ,
twhich wqre lhndlv chlirping, the -
Ifrom the chair reheaal eingi0
tindlible, whlicn a ginlltltinun I t:1
in familiarly, whllo hail just
lthe cluriih in illd uhille hleUsie fill d
his uilld. "iVhmata noise they
ni:iking to night!" Mnid hle. "YeS,· .:
ail tlhe laily, "ia!d it is said thqtii
it withi their hind legsi!"
$10,000 AwARiED.i-'I wAs N
andl low-slpirited tlhnt I tlh I
Iwould give anything to get wrell;le
if any one hial elnstulred me tliejal!
Ihelnth lproduced by using SimiiiT
Liver Regulatolr, lnd charged uit
lthousand tlollars, I wouhl willhiuij
have paid it if I had hid it; in i7i
ten thlolisand dollars would bi w4nT."
less to lne than what it has1 doinll.*
mile. "GEO. F. IIARRETTI~,
Macn. Oi
TO THE TOTERS OF WAID $1Na1
The voters of ward 8ix are hereby I-t:
itied to meet at Olover's Spring s,
20th, at 10 o'clock A. M.,.4or the i Uf
of perfecting a more thortugh ohrg_
tion. Messrs. W II. Jack amnd. C'.`
Dranguet, are expected to addreis (i ,
meeting. A.
A.V. CARTS r
Temporary Chain h -
For Sale.
COR the purpose of settling agsuli
Sthe followiu, described pis " :!
are offered forsalo: '.i
Int. A certaip plantation or
land, situated in the parish of Be '
State of Louisiana, on the right liL
Red river, descent.ing, oppoite...
Bayou, being in sections 2i, 24, 5
in Townshipj 14, Range 11 et,c W
ing 793761100 acres. Itl
This plantation has now in cnltd .
and under good fence, a&ant 3
more .'r less, with valuable ýinr.ptY
ments, consisting of a dwelling or
.in house, negro cabins, corn , ettbu
all necessary out-ltnildings. This n Ip
atior, is finely timlbred, and not ad
to overllows, antd will be sold,A1f,
.Rlde, on the following terms.:
One-third cash; the balance ido ..l
two yearsr, with mortgage and t-Pwi
privilege reserved, with interest at d
rate of 8 per cent, on the credit lpUK
of the price, from day of sale,
2d. A certain tract of land or
lion situated in the parish of GraI .
of Louisiana, on the left bank Of
Bon, Diet river, descending, cons'
a grant of 61(0 acres of land confl
Congress to Lestan I'rudholommet
sigonee of John Baptisto Brev
599 881100 acres purchased by the
ed, Lestan I'rudhoumne, from the
States, in Township 8, Range 6, a3
taining, in the aggregate, 1239
acres, more or less. This plartstIt
also, now in cultivation, and with s n
three or four hundred ares naderJ
fence; is finely wooded; not li
overflow, and has all the necessary
inps and improvements thereon.
terms of sale, the same as the at '
For information aPldy to the a5'
signed, 13 miles below the townD o'
chitoches, or to his brother, Sidot 'M
dhomme, in the city of Natchittocb
F. A. PRUDI[OMME
Agent mnd Att'y in Fact of the heiar
legal representatives of Lestan Pr ud ,.`
me, deceased.
Weekly Shreveport Times and .
Teciraple will insert the above atd'
bill to this etice.
July 22-3m. or tf '