li e epl 's td at r
A real live Denocratic paper. The too
.__ -o -- ---of no cllque or ring. Free aid out.lpokei[
Adyert!lif lgEt$t'9
Advertisng ae . ad the friend of hlie PE,:LE.,
2)00ýý 248 0i o e ý, ý n ny li er .. l
I p /J. H. COSCROVE
5 00) 1 $I00 Editor & 5 :oprietcr.
isqre 0 00 00 ! 00 Published Every SATURDAY Morning
War'r." 1401" L 0 t 'o, ( O4 :o0 00 35 0Subscription Rates
4 gqitare.g" j1o 0 011 27' 00) 35 00 41 00
2.r ' ', ,, ,, .0) 70 0, THE WELFARE OF THE PEOPLE IS THE SUPREME LAW. .............
1_1__" _'1 011,_ :____0i __0[ 1_5 0_) t___ o- One copy si x muonth l................1 51.i
0ý 1~0) Ii) 0045 001 PUO -0-" -______________________________________________________
is .uiare 3. ' l 0 4I i1 0 U. 7i 57 00 105 O -1 00 O o t of - u
w lrC ') so nol . 7 6 o, 011 0 157 . I00 Ofcial Organ of the White Citizens of Red River, Sabine, iWins and Natchitoches Parishes. , . ,
is lýqlilrnl "\1 "u~lrilin 00~bc naval
l ares," ) t0 00125010 . . -- .-- -- ......- All ,9d1v)rti Iment 1:5r h1ss time than Si
,l res,. " , - . +. . .:... N O-- -. -- "'" "thh s u m a n'.m ic n t a n d nu . t b e p a id t ua d .
• rr,.,ir tt " 'aco"* VOL. IV... I NA.TCHITOCHES, LA., FEBRUARY 16, 1878. O 22 ,,ea.
. -it- ,,-e.'ior, first, unIrtil Ne w,,afro Oiu Fr-d . IZt/
i) lanes .r 3 .- nut, ii s e nr squaire.L . -
-.. . - -, . s... I .... .. . rr e... -- I News from---re . '*
--SSDIREC(ORY. 1011
T U S IN - s ..... .....................
1"" g F; inily ( Grcoeries, Corner 2d and
A S. fenik Ltreet5.
SylPEU Wo(oI and Iliackm.ith Work, ATTOR
. Cbnrch Steret -
S--nRcI-Thee Sfew tand-Beer Gardens, IED R.
fine Wine+ Liiors and Ciars. t.ni.
A.strant, St Denis Street. i
LEX L E otary l'ublic, St. Denis of Nort
A street. tn give
...... IG C...Gen..ra Collectin Jau
gent L and Ctanvasser, St. Denis street.
ABR 'iatols sold, made and * I.
. Repaired, St. Denis Stltret.
t ELARD& ACAMPI.ELL.Merhllanedise naud
B plantation Snpplies. Front street.
S"NPI N1 AM & CHAPLIN-At
;j'rnAPey at Law. Washington street Nate]
SrNLE gvH EYsF; E ahly GrocerieS and 1' L
jj"'r0 l Vrchranlize. Front street.
IaPAI DEITRICH--DrV Goods, Gro. is care
ries and General MerehmadieF . Sole Practi
Fgtn for rew Bottom Shoes, Front street. Courts i
pelr ffice with W. It. Jack, second St'. te
KG ELoGffic WA1A Orleans.
gpRGEe (%Rz%--Family Groceries, ender
SI-a-"i Lod.g|e, 2d1 Street
, FONTENOT--Piantes' loltel--Favoritc D.3
G. farmers and strangers' resort, St. Denis.
BHEN -Bot ancd Shoes made and repair- A
1G. ed St Denis Street. I
GEORGE W. KEARNEY.--RecorderaUd Sn
. 1 Peublic, Court louse, 2d street. Wi
'RY GENlIUS--Carter Oak Stoves and All 1)
Ti ware. Front Street. receive
r KAFFEE..Dry Goods and Groceries, Front Oli
SreetStreet,
La.
LITC IoENSTE I N- General neortment
Hi Dry.FOodl acnd Groceries. Front street •
ARRI JAFFJ---Dry CGodA and Groceries, j S.
p Front street.
'* icIY-- Surveyor St. De is street, HAVE
ý S` + MON--Drv Goods and CGroceries, Wash.
1", itlegon Street.
j RUCIN--Dry Goods and Groceries,.Jefler
1+ eon, street. St D
SJA-COB--Drv Goods aned Groceries, belo,
.io he Dirt bridge. Jefferso n Street.
f0N RUSC A--Dry Goods acei -rowee'ies,
ib low the Dirt bri e le. Tefe erson .tr'te s_ P h
O.gENOR & CO--Dry Goods and Groceries,
s abington street.
J'AS. GENIIS--Dry Goods and Groceries,cor
teretclerson and Amulet Streets.
jW.s8UDATIl-T'he Phoenix-Choice Li
s qeors Ind Cif trs, St. Penis Street. C. A.
TA M. B. TUCKER--Attorney at Law St. I3
i J•si 8treSet.
JA KING...Watclhmnaker and Jeweler, St. DRY
S Deals street.
J DUNCKLEMAN...Harness and Saddle y,
. Washington street.
t C.TRICHEL-,General Merchandie,Wah . And
". 1te4 street.
J DUCkASS.-General Assortment of onr-.
. ehsnalise, Washington street. IG
fH.STEPflBRTS-Lin her Yard. i1ntereetion Ma (
J Fest, Lafyette and W\Vashington stre'etes.
J. McCOOK & BRO.-General wholesalec
* sad Reteil Dealer and sole Agenit for Wag
id, Washington street'
J A. DUfOURNAV--Fancy and Staple Dry
" Goods, Boots, Shoes, Hats and Clothing,
beat street
JVIS T. SPROWL - hlonse, sign. and ors A ful
7 ti ment.l painter. Front St., corner Tonline.
L C.KrF'EL--rTh Gem Bar Roon, choice 8n'
Wines, tLlnuors and Cigars, Front street.
LVY&PIIILLII'PS-Full s'tlik Fancry and
Staple Dry Goods and Goceries,lr ront at.
L DUPLEIX-.-Land Agent. St. Denis street.
0ORS1E & DRANGUET---Attorueys at Law,
11 2d street, corner Truda. .
1'" H. CARVER-Dry Goods, Groceries and
01. General Merhadie, Front street. DR
* (n SCHAFFRATI--Boot and Shoe Maker,
_ I St. Denis Street.
- CAPMARTIN--Goneral assortment of
0; Goods of all kinds, Jefferson se-est.
__-----,.-~-------·------- TI
* OWELL & GALLION--Phys·eains-and Snr
A geona St. Denis Btreett
, YVELTIEMAN - tndertaker, Washington
* . Street.
pPOETE.-Baker, Jefferson street. -
-TTJ-EAN BLUDWORTH & CO~-~Wmood
A work and Blacksmithing, Corner 3d and
- lbley Sts.
P VIJLBMA.N...Family 'and Plantation
SGroceries, Washington street.
S. CALVES-Dentist, Jsefferson street'
. BRE-C Family 'etern e.
* Grocery Dealer, frodt street.
P,, HUTSON--Ltvery,8ale and Feed Stable,
r . St. Ieaniles Street*
N TELKINS- Dry dends and Groceries, Jeot
i erson Stteet, bOilow Dirt bridge.
WISBAld.-General MerchandlIse. Plan C
U, t ation and Family Supplies, Front Street
PONS-Dry Goods and Groceries, Wash'
i. la:: ington street
I' 3. lACOSTE--Drggist and Apothecary,Front
Lteet.
LLER---Buck's Brilliant Stoves and
'Tiaware, Washington Street.
tAUIlN..lliiard Room and.Bar, Front
SCHeJMA-Wholesale and Retail hier
ehbrat-geueral assortment for the trade
ls street.
, JACK...Attorney at Law, l4 street, J
corer Trndau.
M. DOST-Boot and Shoe Maker, St. Denis
Street.
Professional Cards.
CIJ.?W. c 1'rOld.7F,,
. JATTOBN7 Y ATLAW. , ]
t Street, Niw ORLEAss, LA.
id the June and Deesember terms
Districts conrta at his old home
EE, EiL Jao:.,
4 laneessor to JACt & Plisoec)
and Couneor at Law
i NATCHIITOCHES, LA.
t tee In the Conurfs of~Natcehltches,
abAine, DeSeto, Red River, Winn, Rapides,
0|ael a& Ia the Supreme Court of the
S wCem tloupy attenade4d to.
WaIlnm Mt W L.ev.y,
1' AtTORNEY AT LA W.
ee the Practies of his Profession.)
of Natchitoehee and Red River
Obart ofLolasina, United States Dii.
sam iiealt Court of Leaulsas and U. 8.
i , 's *Ew
A 6, ~"
JOnr B. ROBERTSOr,,
(Late of New Orleans ,)
ATTORNEY & COUNSELOR TI LAW
COtSH1 ATT'A,
RED RIVER lPA'lllI,, LOUISIA NA.
Will practice in Coushatta, Natchito- i
ches, Man.tichld, Many, and in every part h
of Norlh-west Louisiana. Special atten- rit
tion given to Land eases and Successioon. rat
June 9th, 1877-tf. ell
____ _ _o_-- co
SII. CUNNINGHAM. ei
*chi
~totrne & ouneCdul at 1 wt', 1c
St. Denis Street,
Natchitoches, : :: : a.
W WILL give prompt and pe monal at- .
V tention to all business entrusted to
his care.
Practices in the District and Parish
Courts in the Parishes of Natchitoches,
Red River, DeSoto and Sabine, and before
the Sulpreme Court at Monroe and New
Orleans. Jan 5 '7r'.-ly. 1
car
Dd.t5"L. C. SCJIRBORO UGII,
ATTORNE- IN FACT.
\ ILL practice in the District and thi
S Parish Courts of Natchitoches,
Winn. Sabline and Grant.
1 All business intnrsted to his care will
receive prompt attention.
at Othicc with W. H. Jack Esq., Second Cr
Street, Corner Trudeaus, Natchitoches,
at La. Dec. b.ly. a
, RS. POWELL & GALLION,
IIAVE ASSOCIATED 'TI EMSILVES IN
TIlE PRACTICE OF MEDICINE
h" AND SURGERY.
OFFICE ON
SSt. Denis Street, :: Natchitoches, La.
- Jan 5 '78-3m
- M. A.. taDunn,
- Physician and Surgeon t,
P', Moonigomery, La.
Business Cards.
C. A. BULLARD. N. II. CAMPBELL
13ullard & Campbell,
- -DEALERS IN e,
DRY GOODS,
GROCERIES,
IIARDWARE, fbi
And General Merchandise.
Corner FRONT & LAFAYrFr Street, bio
N.atchitoches, La.
ITIGIIEST cash price paid for cotton and
country produce in cash or mcrchaudise.
SMarch 25 -ly.
SPeter VTouieman,
--DEALER IN
FAMIL Y GROCERIES
ar' A full assortment of WALL-PA'PER con
7e. stantly on hand.
ce se8nal inducements to CAsE Customers.
et.
WASHINGTON STREET,
Natchitoches, La.
March 25-1y.
-----------------------------
3. C. Trichol,
mdl -DEALER IN
- DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, HARD
- WARE, BOOTS and SHOES, HATS,
of ETC.
r Highest cash price paid for Cotton and
Country Produce.
n WASHINGTON, ST.,
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
"ood- R. El. :BE,,
and -dealer in
rotion oaCER E
FRONT STREET,' Natchftoche, La.
stern C, L. WALMSLKEY R. M, WALMSLET
- C. L. WALMSLEY & CO,
table,
COTTON FACTORS
Jef- _-AND-
SnGENERAL .COIMMISSION IMECHANTS.
ret Perdido St., New Orleans, La.
ash March 25--ly.
Osoar Cholpin;
sand COTTON FACTOR
Front -AND
er COMMISSION MERCHANT,
trade No. 65 CARONDELET ST.,
street, July I-ly New Orleans.
OHN M. TUCKtE, C
Magistrate W ard 1.
ISt. Denis Street, :: Natchitoehes, Zi. 8
PROMPT attention given to all business
Sentrusted to his care.
* ' Claims collected at small cost. Z
Refet' to the Bar Generally.
Jan 5 '78-ly 2
M. S. CURTES
PRACTICAL MACHINIST I
-AND
ENGINEER,
ARCHITECT, CARPENTER & JOINER
ALL kinds of Machine work, Engi
neering, Carpentering and Joiner
work done with dispatch, and in first-.
, class manner.
Estimates and plans for buildings
rpromptly frnished. Parties desirinu
IS work within the scope of my trades wi
Secall on me at any time for terms; which
will be liberal, both as to price and time.
SShop on WASHINGTON STREET.
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
Jan. 12-ly.
REIM kith qtia
stratiohiq
is the most genial balsam ever used b7 and otlie
iuferers from ulmoennry dlseas h Rlsi n
It is composed of herbal products. whhich
ave a specific efect on tihe throat and iIaVe nIc
ain ; detaches from the air acells al ir
ritalinglt matter; causes It to te expecto- 8tllltili)'
rated, and atonce checks the Inolammnation E
which produces the couglt. A lnle dose
relieves the moat distreasing paroxydsmm i.$ 110W II
soothes nervousness, and eturales the suf
ferer to enjoy quiet rest at night. Being a Asia.
pleasant cordlalt it tones the weak stome- re
ach, and is spucially rocommnodetd fot
children. is ililicn
What others say about 'aet to I
Tutt's Expectorante. tilts ,,,
Had Asthma Thirty Years p ,,o
BALTWMo r, Frubyary 3,1875.. '
"I ,have had Asthma thirty years, and never found
a medicine that had sch a hanppy eharles . Pope
A Child's Idea of M erit. Fubrual
ONe RLEANS, Novemobr21, l876.
eTutt'sErpectorant is a familiar name in my house.
hiy wife thinks it the best medicine in the eworld, Tolls
and the children ivy it is 'nicer than molasses forliger,
andy."' NOAH WOODWARD, 101 N. Poydras str foild ,rec
, "Six, and all Croup , Cy"'at.
"I am the mother of six childrenc; all orthem have Mit I
beencroupy. iVithout Tutt's Expectnrant, I don't in tarie
think they could have survived some of the attacks.
s, bs MARY STEVENr, Frankfort, Ky. I orl. i
TA Doctor's Advice. tie
"VIn my practice, I advise all aiies to keep Tutt'ovs Klyo.rd
i y Expectornt, in sudden cmergcncies, for coughs, i11 retil
croup, diphtheria, etc." r
Sh T. P. ELLIS, M.D., Newark, N. J. ai tveil
8o by 3 ale druggists. Pretiee $1.00. Office to test
35 Kurrqed Street, New Yhork. t
Nho private
tireiy i
SIntil(d.
their c
thi to
bl_ d "ThP
"THE TREE IS  BY ITS FRUIT." good ,,,1,
S"Tutt'sPills are worththeirN eightin gold." o till
REV. I. DI Slu ON, Louisville i a
"Tutt's Pills area rita clentig of the nine- t
1 teenth century."-RV. F. OS000,Newylork. has
"I have used Tutt'1s ii or torpor of the lives. More I
They are superior to any medicine for biliary di. ill
orders ever made." - I 1
I. P. CARR, Atfarneyt Law, Augusta, Oa. Il't· .
"I have Used Tutt's s ve ycarsin my famil, ntdli tl
'eyareuneiualed forcostivenessan biliousness. " ll 1
F. R. WILSON Oeorgetown, Teas., I
L '"I have used Tutt's Nae tcnewiih great benefit.'" lid Ii
W. W. MANN, Editor Mobile Register. Irevel
"We sell fifty box"T-iutta Pills to five of all and u
others."--SAYRE & CO. Crtersville, Os. A
"Tut's Pills have only to be triad to establish iler
their merits. They work like maic." Bost
W. H. BARtRON 96SOummer St., Boton. Ic
IThere is no medice sowell aaptcd to the cure ne
of bilious diorders is "rutt's Pills." peopi
JO. BRUMMEL, Richmond, Virginia.
AND A TI D MORE io
Al I E drng st, ri5 edots a boz. Onle
d. 35 Murray Street, New York.
t ent
T Coi
TUTTS TIR lDYE
OE IDl vte.
SHIGH TESTIMONY. A
N 1 FROM TAR PCIFIC JOPUBYL. Ii
'A GREAT I['.VENTIQ~,V
O blbbee male ly R. L'TT. of hrcw York, tder
which restores eouthfIl beautO to the hair.
That eminent chemist has succeeded in vote
produchlig Hair Dye which imitates
lers nature to perfectlo. Old baclelors a Cy
now rejoice." Dalr
Prim 1.0 O ue35 r'It ., fositn
Oe Yorc. Sold by all drf lI. test
S. laftroath to t
Boot and Shoe Maker. And,
in fit andll material guaranuteed Boa
OfTcS, a Shop ,n St. Denis St. be
NOTr RY PUtBLIC. ise
(Office nNder Vindicator Office,) to
SST. DENIS STREET, II
NATCIlTOCHEAS, LBA. O e
April tile
L. H. NOLES. QURE,
SJEWE IR, JEWELER, or
-AND-- (F--AND-
NT.OPTICIAN. OPTICIAN.c
r All kinds ofrepairing done at the shart- Th
est nhtice, and in the most artistic man- a
ner, with full sliisfactio'n garanteed. pi
P Clocks, Watches and Jewelry for Sale at
the Lo0. eat Ratet. bu
A.OrerL f COtaPLETE BU TCI. & p
Office and Shop n St. Denie St., corner Second. C
SDee.22-ly. of
E. JAMES 0. MOWSE,
SPortrait Painter, Nathlltohes La.
CABINET SIZE:AND PRICES EXCLU
SIVE OF FRAMES, OVAL OR
SQUARE.
Fic, IA. 8x10 $15,00. 10S12 $1;6,00. 12x1t Iq,6 (
business 14x16 20,00. l1ixl8 $25,00.
18x20 $30,00. 18x24 35,0.
cost. LIFE SIZE, HEAD AND BUST, OVAL ~
OR SQUARE. ii
20x24 $40,00. 22x27 S45,00O. 2x30 $50,00 a
KIT.KAT, SQUARE.
29x36 & 30x36 SLY0,00, each. c
Portraits of deceased persons painte& t
1ST from photographs.
JOSEPH C KEYSER,
IftER BrlckmRer and Layer.
Engi- PREPARED to do all work entrusted
Itohimnqnickly and in g workmanlike
Lip irst- manner. ,TombChineys, Cisters and
other work solicited.
buidings Orders left at BULLA.P & CAMP
desiring BELLI' will be promptly attended to.
.; hich --- --- --------''''''''''''"''''''
oind time. veuer1y Tlokexr,
, eneral Collector.
* nr All AcoeunitS! promptly colleied
NEWS NOTES. of the situ
--ning loar
Europeain. t. e State
England still excited over the Tur- make thei
kish question, and polular demon- God, for t
strations are held, somie favoring war rais hiont
and others against it. son and p
Russians continue to advance and John S!hei
have ocenpied the lines around Con- than so i1
stantinoplc. Shcermn
Erzeroull has been evacuated and two hour:
is Inow held by the Russian armly of his labor
Asia, derson ar
Wires are cut and communtirition dlerstand
isditlicult with Constantinople. T'urks with Lou
seem to yi to yield to Russian advance and hope for
it is stupposed that the occupationl of the peop
the liites around (Constantinoplo is This dil
part of the agreement between the they can
powers. them a
herein cr
The Popes' 9ncth. live ini
Pope Pius IX died on Thursday lessly v;
February, 7th, at 3:30 P. M.
Louisiana, OUR
Tom Andelson, Returning 'load (1
forger, was found guilty by the jury "Most
and recommended to the mercy of the not thin
Cour t. Thepre
Mat Wells has turned up and is now I doubt
in duranece vile; being unable to fllr- a uill
iish bonids, which are fixed at are ill,
0010. lie will he tried in March. Lit- '
tlefield, the Clerk of the Returning 'ht canl
Board who mutilated the Vernon par I
ishl returns at tlw order of Wells, has exam p
arrived in New Orleans, and is ready in e
I to testily against the old sinner.
Legislature. The dre
There v
1Has passed a dozen or more laws, son for
private in their character and has cI- place in
tirely failed to meet the popular fde ray di:
alind. The Bee severely criticises orn thel
their conduct while the Democrat has tiat gro
this to say of theni. antil th
"There are a number of true and or a thi
good muen in the legislatnre, but it can cases.
no longer be concealed that the body result l
as a whole is a Conlllete failure. It suscept
has the best confidence of the people. tion.
. liMore than half the session his"' teei Let e
* squandered in wrangling ovet. Ienas- et.
, Ilres of 11i inmportance, and the State, at an a
and the Constitutional amendiueots, i a0(
with which it was hig, and which we person
had hoped would come forth like a this l
r. revelation, seemn to be but a feeble cal gm
11 and untimely birth." as not
A n umber of North Louisiana, meUm- atito
I hers Inder the leadership of Kidd of iar or
a. Jackson parish, have met and deter what i
re mined to force the demands of the city of
a. people for a Constitutional Conven- Yet
tion Iby forcing the defeat of the -and
silly and weak amendmleuts. forts
General. which
Congress is still discnssing the sil- he the
ver bill. It will pass both Houses by the. Cs
a two-t hild vote.
The IIouse voted not to grant aid to
private flonopolies by a two third il oas
vote.
A bill was introduced allowing the g hp
pa) ment of custom dues inlegal ten- cd no
dtier notes and failed of a two-third t
vote by only two votes. (ester
Contested election case of Acklin vs
Darrall will be decided in favor of 1
Sformer. He is the Democratic con- Ocat
testant from this State. I
\We extract the following from Buel
to the Democrat relative to Wells,t tlid
Anderson and their "hope from df
Hay.es." and
Thie decision of Judge Bradley, o 1'a
l es,, d:ainst thie petitions of the Retlrning army
Board, itas been expected, and may tle 1
be regarded as due to the fact that eI
the Administrationl and high ollicials ends
wl- lo d(lid this conoting-in business are t
determined not to load tlhemniselves
with any mnore weight. Hayes and "'l
his friends feel that they have all the t
load they can carry, and all attempts ion
ce,) to induce them to take the burdlen off in
of anybody else's shoullders must fail. diti
If the Board sues out a writ of ha
Ibenas corpus in the District Court. and on
time sameul is brought here on appeal to
the Supreme Court, tile result will be Vu
simply an afirmation of Bradley's de
cision, In short, as I telegsaphled a rst
week ago, the Returning Board ineed T
expect no aid nor comfort trom Hayes of t
E, or otcher Federal authority, in any th
Sshiape, by any mnethod, or urder stre in t
of any prayer. John Shlerman has to I
Sdone all hie could to save them, being will
moved by apprehension for his own Inl
Ill&. safety, but Hayes and the other mem- will
bers of the Cabinet are inflexible.-- just
lhort- Their unvaryi:g answer to all appealst tI
man- and some of the appeals have been as
d. piteoui afP, can e, put in language; is:
i at "We ate sorry that the State authori- iet
ties I:have taken the course they have, i
but we can do nothing; the trials must
C proceed." I put the case strongly be
lecond. cause the vital question in the minds
of our people is whether the Federal na
Government will force a contflict, and i
compel themi to findergo furtlher sacr - tl
Eflees to main tain their rights and as- an
sert the dignity of the State law.
La. TIh sole fear of the flriends of Lou in
ieisigna bas been that tile desperate
CCLU- Wretches who are on trial, and their A
R equally desperate accnnplices here, i
from John Sherman down, iiigllt~, by
some hook or, crook, induce HIvayes to
take a sitep that would provoke a con
flict of authority, the end of which no
OALone could foretell, but which every- a
body who is conversant with the spir- er
it of the people of Louisiana. knows te
)$30, would be terrible. I can assure you, l
beyond peradventure, that no such i
conflict will be forced npon yon, aid
aintlt tlhat counsel for the Returning Board
will exhaust their ingenuity to that
end in vain. .
- The surrender of Wells is eaccepted J
R, by all parties here ps putting t'he F
whole matter in the lIunds ot the State
authorities, tanit no interference *ill '
er. be liermitted.
Tile desire of John Sherman now is
trusted that Wells and Anderson shall take I
nanlike their fate .with resignation, and not r
ms and entangle him as they fall. He cares 1
nothing for them, and professes not to
fCMP-ear their 'erposres. Hayes himself
o. certainly does not fear them, and
Sherman is the obly man in the Cabi
Snet upon whoi* they have any hold
Ler, Whatever. Let our people proceed
Sjust as though there never has been
* sucha thing as Federal interference
cllected Iknows in hristory. They are masters
ot the situation at last. If the Retnr- New
ning hoard can make any terms with
the State authorities, they had bettet
make them, or else make peace with
God, for the ultimnatum which Desmna
rais brought from Wells and Arler
son and pIesented to ;Hayes through DeJ)ar Vini
John Sherman, has had no more effect I have 1
than so much brown paper.
Sheirman labored with Hayes about news to ''
two hours over the ultimatour and had side the d
his labor for his pains. Wells and An- an iul{4n
derson and all their friendls mn:t un
Stderstand that they have got to reckon
with Louisiana, and Ihat there is no But little
I hope for them, except in the mercy of tion for p
f the people whom they have outraged. no prosp,
' This dispatch is the best legal advice standing
i they can take, and I don't charge though s(
theis a cent for it. Every statement Still sonp
herein contained is based on exhaus is in a g,
tive inquiries, anld will be remorse- cidently,
F lessly veritied by events. a eopy o
OUR WASHINGTON LETTER. and und
biled iii
S WASIIIX;Tox. 1). C., Feb 2, 1878. have see
Auditor i
"Most men," s:omeibody says, ''"d i of A t
not think: they only think they think' itemo, i
The presient Congress do(es not think. r
I (d 1 t, if it I links it thinks. Here
are rmillious of llepi, who in a fei" State Tr
years, with amnud:alt crops and laind a r
'hat can be had for the asking: have 1S7 th
r been reduced f:oit a condition of ,ill' (t th
i exampled prosperity to a state border eton,
ing on starvatron. The natural re- Veron
sources that mnake varioiis nations dollars
prosperous are all combined hete.- tire auo
The deople are active and energetic. ures. I
There would seemn to be no good rea- doease
son for the change which has taket sneer at
place in tile last ten years. Tempo- sing the
C raiy distresses may exist from famine ro doun
or other cnillses evei herl'e, but want ot
as that grows keener from year to year, in the '
i ntil the cordnion cltiien is a beggar port wa
aor a thief, is not a .result of natural tor of
an ca;es. It may not be the immediate settlem
y resuilt of legisl:ation, but it surely is using tl
It susceptible of instigation by legisla- lead its
tlion: settlem
en Let us look at one phase of the sub- Collect,
a- ject. The government is carried on that shi
te, at an annual expense, say, of :3'2,- of the
(0ll),0(00. This to any family of five
peersons amounts to '10 per year. To Verior
this Inmst be added the expense of lo
ble cal governments-State, city, &c. It that at
is not necessary to say what such tax- by "l,
Saton means when labor is not rel. -"Graul.
I Har or remunerative. We can tetrd went it
te what it illeans in every village and much
the city of the United States. nonI an
en- Yet every effort made by Democrats withr a
tie -and none others havdelaed any ef- as n11C
forts--to inquire into the causes macral
which have led to this extravagance ridden
sil- of the government and starvation of sulted
the people, and every effort to reduce te thl
the expenses of government in ay hich
d to respect, have met with united opposit ry, wI
tion from Republicans; and ill most State
cases )emocrats enough have voted and tl
the against their party to stifle i.quiry $161,
- and prevent the adoption of a mnore tie fitl
hild economical rate of expenditure. Only that o
yesterday when a Democratic House in the
n colmmittee proposed a slight reduc- Iis w(
r v tion in expenses at West Point--anot that a
ro- one-tenth enlough, by the way-Deni- collec
ocrEats were found voting with Repub-n o
314el licans to continue the extravagance. strear
ells, At this time there is one conimnissiou- rrrun
rom e'd oflicer to every 7 or 8 enlisted men those
and West Point is sending out oticers pecia
ley,o rapidly that, that every year, if the bled
army is not increased, the proportion prom
gw ill be far greater. The olficers of hibit
the army ctost more by fr than the
enlisted men, yet when an effort is hi
cials made to, lesert thie supply of oticers, collet
e lse or to reduce their number in any oth- ably
eler er way, or to mnake& tlheir pay less, the etth
Iti ecommittee which proposes tihe reduc- tis i
nt tion finds itself in a minority. As it crat I
is on the snbject of the. armry, so it is tie
fail in all things else. Thie terrible con- neer
dition of the citizen mnakes no i pres- that
and sion upon the law.maker. Th eus- ave
.a to tm'.rry Ihundreds of millions are to be We '
i be vr.ed, business to be cramnrped by thIe lows
ade- 'usual taxes, and labor to be starved Rpi
ed first into ribt anrd thin into slavery. o I
tied Thie very latest rumor as to WVels, Ihob
aof thie Louisiana Rejturning Board, is side
aythat hie has gone abroad. |he is not dat
Itnrss in this city, to whicl he wasne supposed n t
iare to be on his way. Thie eomplications low
bwill be extremely iuteresting if he nhas e,
iown indeed gone out of the country. He pers
w will be clhimned' as a fuigitive from over
e- justice, of course; and thie Administra- bled
ppels tionL will have to bring him back to ject
ebe tried. Thie interest centres in thie Edi
Iee ia fact that Hayes, whno must secenre hIis en
gteori- return, would not hie acting as Presi- bur
ha dent if it were niot for the erines for (whi
Swhiich VWells is to be tried and of I
amut bwhich hre ls unquestionarblyl guilty. T
mlinde It was said yesterday that Louisia- con
eder na aruthortities had infor'mation on rest
ct, RId whNich tlney would be aile to secure lil
Sa the indictment of Secretary Shierman tire
i ert and Senator Matthews for complicity cdr
ad s- with memnibers of the Returning Bloa' pal
i iu ilhlsrfying the election returns es
Lo tlre State. If the "rascals," Wells, sul
Iterire Anderson and othlers are to be pun- me
Sher, ished, thIe "peers" should not escape. ish
ir It is mentioned in thIe gpapers thlat w
yst enator Hoar has wlitten to a Massa- col
eaes to chusetis society, urging the necessity it
Icnn o if a closer stundy of Amelrieano politics M,
ry and history. It is not known Wheth- wi
e ser- er hris letter was written before or af- isl
e npwr- ter thie Senator exposed hiis own as- tr
or tonishing ignorance of Massachusetts gu
to suh, ristory and politics inl his debitAfw'ith M
on, ad Blaine the other day. ALBION. or
SBoard _ _
to that The following gentlemen constitute a
ccetd joint committee on ,orstitntiou :
•eceptzed . Senator..E. D. White, F. P. Stubbs,. g
the F. C. Zacharie, C. B. Wheeler, A. J. Du. l
ie State mot, T. B. Stamps, C. J. Boatuer, H. L. d
re *ill Garland and F. 8. Goode.
is Representatives-T. B. Lyons, A.. Voor
Snow hies, B. F. Jonas. W M. mWashburn, J.
all take B. MeGehee, R. D. B&idger, A. H. Leo
and not nard, W. H. Wisei -D. A. Bteard, R. .1.
Ele cares Walker, John Young, George Drnry and t
5e 0 not to George G-*oien.
I himself .
Iem, and The laton Rouge Adrocate has beenI
he enarged, and 'otherwise improved, and
proceed deserves from the citizens of that city, a
has been full measure of support. It stood by
terference Ihem in adversity-now let them recip
" masters rocate.'
News from Our Friends.
France, 1
VERSNO. of history i
with an at
PARIISH OF ENON, tender mon
Februtary 3, 187. d own pieophl
Dear Vindicator : foreign ind
and inillini
I have nothing in the way of local tnan war ii
news to w:ite this week, nothing out- continnlati
side the dull routine of country life, in time of pew
an iuland plish. Everybody at ated wealt
a tive deotni
home attending to their own business. as the rest
But little do:,e in the way of prepala- proddctiol
tion for planting, W\eather bad, with ry has bec
no prospect hi imlprovrtiCli; cattle of the so
standing the winter tolerably well, cal agent,
though some are dying froth disease. $4501,00ag),
Still stone sickness, though the parish Qtini'
is in a general sense, healthy. I ne- o4 0100O
cidently, a few days since got hold of f1,450,00(
a copy of the Louisiana D)emocrat, are not q
and under its heading of the "news As the 1l
boiled liowit" find the following, "We erniinent I
have seen and read the report: of the nuin for
Auditor anid T'reasurer, and I's a mat- Inoint, (wh
tt-r 'of tinaince liews, we will givea few d hr pl.werr
iteniS, which will'sei\'e to iipost our ndl contili
readers. To bi-gin with hlonle, L'sweett (eigni d llt,
hiilie," old lHipides has paidi into the tiitrleti<,
State Tlreaisuy, that is her Colleetor the Di'cit
Shas for her, for the full fiscal year of teier paducing
e 1-77 the sulm f 17,110,91, which ~ for no oli
pietty fair, whilst her fair diughter, this save
Vernon, has paid in the full and rounid and half
sumai of one hundred alid sixty four Governuni
is lollars and sixty-four cents," writing the wish,'
the aitmount in capitals, instead of iig- like' the
es. In this the Democrat not only tches I
does'Vernon an inijstice, but flings ia traiclail
sneer at ler, by his lanlner of exlpres- retain Go
sing the amounlt paid by her. I have civilized
no doubt that $164,64 was the total But thi
itt anounit for which Vernon had credit and the C
ill the Treasurer's report, but that re- adjusted
ir port was made out before the Collec- next, as
al tor of Vernon had niadle his Linal in es)>ci
e settlement, and yet, the Dl)enoci at, by ( pay
iusing the term "full fiscal year" wouhld Feuirin
a- lead its readers to. belive, that a final tion shou
settletnont had beeniiade by Vernons' here con
" Collector, and tlhat $164,64, was all article.
;1 that she would pay into the Treasury the legal
'- of the State. And after malking the mIsUion I
ve statement of the amount paid in by to j'11 t
'o Vernon, the Democrat proceeds to '" g elt
o- complare (in a way peculiar to itself) eigners,
that amount with the amnount paid iII legislate
I' by "\ionn, Demnoctatic Winn," and, paper ci
;u. "Grant whose staikeholders heretofore silver aI
'ti went it alone on the grab game" as foreign i
much as to say that Democratic Ver enct th
non and Democratic Winn, couldn't per legn
ats with all their boasted Democracy, do above tl
f- as much towards the support of a De- be enact
es moeratic administration as radical so the
ice ridden Grant. I have seen and con
of suilted our collector; and lie assures
Uce me that lie lias the receipts for $15,00 1
a' which lie paid into the State Treasu.
°$1 ry, which is about two thirds of thle la]
ost State Tax of Vernion for tihe year 1877 shape,
ted and this based upon an tasessnient of tiemel;
lili $161,000 worth of property, and when Bost
atre the fact is taken into consideration
Il' that our collector was one of the last derskic
use in the State in getting to Work, I think
Inc- his work will compare favoraibly with Prin
"not that of our fair mother, Rapides. The ly fabi
ilu collectors of those parishes situa:ted The pl
ulb- on Red river and other navigable lad
ie. ' streams have better facilities for com
on- anunicating with Now Orleans than h e
nlon those of the intland parishes, and es- handl
ere pecially Vertnod; and hince are ena- tjnl
the bled to get in their reports more ered a
ion promptly, and their parishes are ex- season
Sof hibited in a better light on the flie of dies.
the tie Auditor's, and Treasuir'l s reports
t is whllich are often made out before the Nee
era, collectots of those parishes less favor- drool,
oth- iably sitnuated have made their final pretti'
t settlement, and this was the case in eveni
due- this instuncle; and I tlhink the Demo Litt
La t crat ought at least, to have given us to the
it is the benefit of the doubt; without are t
co sneering at our poverty. We know coiffit
>re- ' thlat we are poor, but do not like to
cus- have tile fact thrownt into our teeth. Wli
to be We Vernonites are dvilishli fine fel- ones
Sthe lows just before an election in which again
rved apides is interested; candidatesfrom ten
Bry. our mother parish come oanong ~es, A
hells, hob.nb with us in the little roid- failed
rd, is side groceryi eat oidr libg and hominy, acted
not dandle our little dirty fiaced urchinse pie
posed on their knees, and we are "hail fel
tions lows well miet;" we are ahppealed to to t
Sas "stand liy our race," by the newspa- t bh
He pers etc., and after thle struggle is oe
fron dver (all the oflees hraving been gob- diam
istra- bled by our mothur) we are fit sub- the 1
k to jects to be ineei'ed at. Really, Mr. A
in the Editor, the poorest man is ie, who drel
re his sneer at tile poverty of his neigh
Presi- bor. In your issue of Jan. 19th eve
Sfor (lwhichl I did not get until yesterday), as
Id of I usitice the reason of tihe Hon. Lewis l
tf* Texada for opposing a constitational fine
e- conventiou, ili giving which lie is rep- pret
in on resented as making the following de- saba
secure claration, "lie thouglhit the people of bate
eriaun the counltry were much opposed to a
p coit y convention." I have taken some T
loart pains to inforint myself as to tlhetwish- thao
r is es of the polple of this parish on that the
Wells, subjecti and have spoken to 40 or 50 dan
Spon- men in different portionsa of the par- and
esc ale. ish, and I have founnd only one man 5mu
a that who declared himself opposed to a
Masa- convention, and that man is our Par
cessit ish Judge. So that I do not think prO
politics Mr. Texada is posted in regard to thle
wheth- wialshes of ias constituen't in this par- thu
a or af- ihr And I must say, that among all at
wn as- the reasons given by the different d
hiuseta genitleuien spoken of for their oppo
YfA'ith sition to A eonvention, there is not
ON one that is worthy of serious considle- MI
ration. Isn't it strange how the opin- tl
ions of men change with their circum- io,
titute a stances? Tihe iniquities of the pres- on
ent CoAstitntion were ploetimed flom  e
tubb, every stump in the State, during the
. J. Di- lAst canvas by thle Defiocratic candi- t
er, H. L. dates, but now tilhe "outs are in" and
Sstrange the mnetamorphose; the "ills
A.or of tilhe eonsteitution" must be bortne
iburn, with, the people must endure the load
rdR. R of Laation, three years longer, rather
rary and thn interfere with thie present ad
iinistration. The people! ohl the
dear people, need rest, they've been
S surfeiteid on politics alid must have
rest, and time to attetid to business.
eyed, and While--while our lords enjoy a few
hat city, a more polls at the public pap. Really I
stood by the assembled wiedtim of Louisiana i
m IP-a thing to "stitnd from lnder."
In eciip-s, tiuly, VERNON.
-- Whdt Nca .
France, by utilizing the teachings
of history is stimulating production
with an ample supply of full legal
tendler money, not only enables helt
own people to pay off the crushing
foreign indemnity of over one thous
and millions of dollars which the Ger
man war fine imposed on her by i
continnance of the same policy in the
time of peace, she has so rapidly cre
ated wealth in excess of the consump-"
tive demand of her own citizens, that,
as the result of the sale of her surplus
plroductions to foreigners, her treasu
ry has become the greatest reservoir
of the so called precious metals ill the
world. Tihe Bank of France, her fis
cal agent, holds in round numbers °
$450,000,000. The French people, as
tinma:,d by the best authorities hold
4,01J0,009. Total specie in Francse
'1,450,000. The paper legal tenders
are not quite $i500,000,0QQ0 ... ,,.
As the hlamk of France j;d tie 0tM
erlnment I aIt lihalf per cent per an
num for the Govermental endorse
Inv t, (which the conferring of legal temn
dher pt.wer amiounts to) rimi as the greatl
and continuous influx of specie from for
eign deblt is automºaticly supplies ample
currency, 55 per head, it happens that
the D)irectors of the Bank are desirous of
reducing the circnlation of the 'legal
tender payer currency to a mnininuln, if
for no other reason because they will
thus save the Government charge of 1
and half per cent annual tax. But the
Govertununt is in no hurry to accede to
the wishes of the Bank Directors, as it
like' the revenue of $f,500,000, and it
attaches political importance to the fact
that France is demonstrating an unap
proachally larger power to obtain and
retain Goll and Silver than any other
civilized natio.n .
I But the;difhference between io;e':aisi
t and the Government will be arbitrarilf
adjusted on the first of day of January
- next, as on that day the installment of
In esp)ecial loan by .the Bank to the Gov:
ernmient when the Bank will resume spe
I ie payments in conformity with a clause
.1 equiriug the same, when such obliga1
tion should mature and be paid. And
4' here comes in the query which heads this
II article. Will the French Assembly deern
y the legal tender issue to have filfiled its
e miission in enabling: French citizens first
to pay the natio'ai niiebtdlps. , seg9
,it filiei' bonds from the hai1. of fo"
fi) esgners, and afterwards to accumhlate all
unprecedouted stock of gold; or will it
n legislate for a farther continuance of the
, paper circulation t If by demonetizing
re silver and gold, it should drive them into
is foreign investmlents, possibly it might re
r enact the experience of Venice, where pa
,'t per legal tender advanced to 30 per cent.
to above the par of specie, and a law had to
be enacted to raise gold and silver even
so high as the rate of seventy-five: cent
al on the dollar. - N. Y. Mercantile Journima
00 Fashion and Other Notts:
u - - a
lie Black velvet bonnets of coronet
77 shape, trimmed with pale blue, are ex
of tiemely popular this season.
en Bustles are no longer worn; three
on flounces on the back breadths of an
nst derskirts take their place.
ith Prineesse dresses, arranged in cost
he ly fabrics, are sparingly trimmed.
ed The plain mode is preferred.
Fle Ladies' carved ivory portmonbtfief
have bright-colored silk tops, with a
. handle of silk cord and tassels.
as- t'naerwveariof cashmere, enmbroid
Ire ered with colored silks is worn this
ex- season Instead of lini~e by many la
Sof dies.
irt
the Necklaces of forget-me note and
or. drooping lllies of the valley are tihe
nal prettiest throat garniture worn for
in evening.
1o Little by little earls are returning
U5 to their old place of favor, and they
oit are to be seen in every full dress
OW coiffure.
th. VWhite bonnets for blonjes and re
fel. odes fot brunci1tes aie falshionable
ici again, afier being out of fauoir for
rom ten years.
Iln, A Virginia girl whose aflianced
md- failed to appear on thIe wedding day,
ily, acted as brideslmaid to another cou
blus ple the same eveuiug.
nto aiqane card fio[1s1 are on *.ia
pa. eat tller; a tray holds four leather
e is boxes with a porcelain plate with a
gob. diamond, heart, spade and club on
snb- the top.
h A novelty in galloons for evening
h dresses represents exquisite roses of
19th ever lne, with the edges cut out so
as 8 define thIe shape of the fluuer.
wis Eivening shawls are made of very
ional fine linen thread; they aire much
rep- prettier than ,the once popnlar zephyr
g de- shawls, and cime in all tile new deli
le of bate Solors.
to a
some To replace low-neck dresses for
wish- those who feel disinclined to wear
that them, are pdilucease dresses of white
or 50 damask or white entin; highl.necked
par- and trimmed with face mingled with'
man smull clusters' of feath'ers:
to a A little girl in Beading, Penn., who
tPar- wase hit with a snowball by a boy;
tthen promptly tripped the offending youth
.p and rubbed his face vigorously, i1
s par- the snow, apd an admiring bystander
ig all at hue closie, vav h aot i lve half
ferent dollar.
is not Nellie has a four-year-old sister
muide- Mary, who complpined to. mamma
eopin- that her "button shoes" were "hurt
ircum- ing." "Why, Mattie, yon'veput them
e pres- on tihe wrong feet." Puazled*and
d ftrom ready to cry, she made answer,
n the "Wliat'll I do, mammat They's all
;cadi- the feet I've got !"
e "illes Veils of black tulle are" soenthling
Sborne new, covered vwith small goll flies om'
the load Brazillian bugs.
Sa The latest and most expensive trar
oht ad eling-bags, are made of Japanese'
oh the stamped leather.
re been
saine. kn Irish jury has given a verdict
a few against a woman in a suit of breach of
Really promise (i marriage; $1,'O were the
isiana is damages to the man's heart. As.to ages
Swell, that W'as dait ages, ta. --. Y. Wer'
ENON. aid.