Att,rrc of ttt': 17th Jludicial District
leldin the 2d day of Novembetr,.
19S74, resnlrinin the choice :of Wil
liarn I. Jackl for the forwjer and. of
M:'J. Cunningham for the latter office,
was good and valid in law, and that'
they are, therefore, severally entitled
to their coimmissious.
WILLIAM H. JACK.
- --..r.O
.i'he Washington Republican is very
mnch exercised because the Virginia
p: elation .luta declared petty larce
nyO be a penitentiary offense, and
predicts that a deep laid plot is on
band to re-enslave the negro in the
.Sethero States. The inference nec
,l.'s that the Reptblican con
eedes-he right of the negro to steal
Is ,asno itfmypat1ih for the white
tlhief,.wloq will receive the same pun
: sbut.--Contier-Journal, 19th.
. 'The-negroes here claim the right
'to 4aliYd. phing a lair to pi wish
ejii" for it ;amonunts. to nothing; a
jury of the "same sort" acquit themn
aitliheyare 1io est one' Mmore.
it 1s.asserte4aAs a fiiact tha every
_.avyasser who has turned his atten
.;:ton to.the' introduction of' the: New
Family Sewing Machine in his lockl
o:Si, er whi haks teen fortubato eionglh'
,to secure 'an Afney; hith 'outstripped:
otli~d g elfotts in"tiking money 'of
't~'old aid ttiled 'Aenuts of the high
:priced machines, whic]i latter they
sow replace. The.demand is enor
teous, and sales so rapid and money:
.amade so relulily with so little effort
that Farmers, Tradesmen, Specala
tors, &ce. are fl"ckd'g into the' busi
aBd as'efist ai'they'can secure terri-1
itorj Sad get 'their goods oi the
gsound to isipply, anxioug customers.1
;It il rpirvelousn how these wvachines.
.jll when exhibited, it being a recog-1
pized fact that .the people', will buy!
thebest at the lowest price. It cer-;
tainly is the Machine of the times.
-and does Eie" amine work, as other;
Bi Aiiit .t eaj:0 ov 'i'na we
jjo 116e'itf won tsifile t apade
ila tva end d'ct lialf the;
aslU pi8iit's~N ' ifj E -",aftiie,--forf
it is asfoUifb ths e the vast
ammantdlabor it performs asto lowl
a cost. The invwintevs are daily in
0888tiit Pwith 'testimonials of tihe
worth of their ,. new:Machines which.
aacfudd s _ s ssuigea I, poungedj
ieb fplar a or. lt' proves to be
*hat. i a' @a, ' 4 taday, by
ik one, everywhere,' who havq a.
uiys:It has -ftiuod in .enviable
_ptrt.iona- in -many thousand. rof;
;i_.:.and f~tinpep, for its 'dlid
ih power'-xalidit", sim, Uity,
at) ease of operation, with;
extre db-ait fineness and reliibil-'
titPits aewingf; while the ,,wonder
se-ow pries (Twenbty. Dolar fTor a
tinld completewizie HMaehhute.
a strng- table and' tresillt),
a all idea of competition entire
.unof tireqnuetoon. It etnds slote
m merits;aud price. We advise
SiViest'in 6be d t one' for yopr
p'edgh nter,'. Mother, 81stefpr
are nd 'make a home hap
'r~piit themh *s you fa'iery,.or
abetter ifouare 1acky enough,
Secr. an agency if tle'e- is none in
ytft'to'we and 'niake money 'jgyr
self. -The many New Attachments
for oti' eiftra finel iskitful- a`id dif
tr- ,#r6 s are e. SpiutpFe In tha ir
Wfi4alI of oejrc taen aqr~ 1d far- 'e
--oven gu7r nte ip s,:t?.and, ill
glvered saie Alifoui:'doora o
or.k i tlem. r
~OJ·'3;Y j~·was: ! Ar'.; -it ···
r
Pums a.Aeoo want
CM(r 11R;;t
Feet, of L umtberor gsle.
)L
f ..It ' r dII it i F. "a{
ijjeel.. iabj~~otBe
ILfW 16 ll!'t{:'?R,"j i'r. 4.t " i"5..! :
tl l1 9 r~n: 1'f.5 :IM'1 .:J:
r4 a'l'(d r
and
aw W
7Ta
co it Yth
of
aalb
Hof e ,~
_''' n lo
iinr~rr~r C ~ I't: - L ola
Fhiiilial, Comnmcercial andl Rive? Yew .
corero STarIrnIENT.
On hand last report........4t31 huale
Rucciveddunrinig week........ 28 "
Total receipts..... 436 "
MARKET QUOTATIONS.
(It should be remembered our qnnts.
tions are for round lots, at retail, liighek
prices will have to be paid.)
Corrected Weekly by Carver & Taylor,
Cotton.............................1 9 130.
hTides, dry ......................... ...12 --$
llide, green........... ... .....
lAco..-Tiho market is in limited A9'ppl14
Clear sides are quoted at Ide; shoulders at 1:e;
Bireaklfast bacon at 19e.
FLOUR.--TI in good supply with fair demanE,
We quoto XX at$6 5J : low XXK 7 *07 25 amn
good XXX at 8 75; Choieo XXX at a 59; choic
fdthuily $1 1 59).
POaK.--XoneIn the market.
-BAouls;.-Iu. fair supply,. demand fair. Ilem
qnrdjatesat19; per yard. No Itdia in muarie
tLAb.-Ih lilht supply with good demand.,
iercer 2So; isa segs '.
H4Ns.-Are in light supply and demand liit
ed Canvas.4ed are quotel d fc.
SrLI.--It geod supply. Liverpoon coarse .elh
at ý2 25 per sack. Fine 15S53o higher.
S;Eu (ulS.lA.-Noie but rye in nImatket whiil
is quoted at 1 "75 per bushel.
TIos Tis.-cl'ie "Market is in good-.supply
The arrow iu held at 10 and the bpttoin 't lu
per pound. .
Ioh.sseas.--Scarce. Choice Louisiana i~ e
ing sold :it--: prime at 90e. per gallon; By "th
keg $i8.fC 549
COAl. OIL.--Is in good supply and is held a
Soc. per gallon.
TolHACco.-Sulpply good. Good medlim i
quotes at 3o. and lmue bright at 90c.'$ ! 5 p.
pound.
Covrg-The supply is" limited and deman
good. Prime at 25 and choice at -
RIcl.-No Caroliia in market. Louesuina i
held at 191c. per pound.
CoxI.--s in good supply but no denimad.
Eo ..-Ea tra olive lbar 100e.
,'SuGAlt-Lonisiana .pime is quoted at ;- yel
liw clarified '2 l2je; .rusi4ed and powdered
15e.
W- IlrK.--White and Red ipre held at S` 51
pergalloun; Bourbon commands 1k56 50 per gial
SSlIotr--Ia in goed afpply with fair doitandlint
sold at $2 75 per sack and huektshot at $3.
PowuEa.-The supply is limited and. i4s eh
at .oc. per pourd.
NB.W A"DVERTiSTI ENT,'
NO COMPROMIISE!
• I. a33n. at OM,
,Fo; BRRit . .,
ARE OPETRING THEItR &J E N[1
tSelect stock'df .. ; .
_IY-GOOars .O f. l
.GROVERIES,
BOOTS,
SHATS, c
CAPS,
4t New Yirk Cash Prices
Come early 'ad secure bqrgaiae.
SReembemr the house, I KAHN & CO.
and that all GO0OD are at CO6T Price
- Match 3-6tu:
FITS. CURED FREE!I
Ay persoe.. suffering from the .abovq
disease.is requiested to address 1)r. Price
and A trial 'bottle of medicine will b4
forwarded by Express.
FREE !
The only cost being the Express chir
ges,'which owing to mny large business
are sumall.
Dr, Price has made the treatment of
FITS OR EPILEPSY•
a sttdy for years', and he will. wirainti a
Our : by the use,ofhis remedly.
Do nuot fail to' pond to.,hin for a ri
bottle; it costs nothing, aiad he -
-..... -Wei RE yOU,
itf iuatter of lw lontg standliug you
case mny be, or ow mauy other reme
ies taua h*ave flied:
-Circulars and;testimoninla coat with
FREE TRIAL BOTTLE. '
Be particla r to give youn, 6 Wi,re a
tell.as yoour Post Offiee direcotion, and,
Address, . r.e a
Dr. Chas. T. Price.;
67 :William Street, New York
March 6.-ly.
NEW YORK TRIBUNE:I!
The, Lading Amnerican..N e r
THIFBES'T YDVERTISING MELUM
XaDly, 10400.,: year;.. o W;e
$3.00 ; Weekly, P$.00
'POSTAGE 'RaE TQ .U2 -T 13(CI#
Specimen cepies md 'advertising rate
.ftee. Weekly,. in clutb:t , o .more,
oulyl)1.00 postagpaid" drsaddls.'
T;.B&THTRIBUNE,.
New York.
... ..
e -.
one y ;.&.. j.
Two yad
Postoff
you amiilyour reads'
1 @ rites Ih ~t lea I:, : Spe'an
I IiP kIi YP3M4Ld
jompir t rn
Plsr¶ T~ro'i
.~ r
FOR 1875.
Bright, cheerful, progressive, always lip
to the advancing thought of the tmewi.
The Homne Mnagazine takesn ranlk with tihe
leading antd mtast influpllti il J' liodicals
of the day. It is on tlhe silo of temper
ance and triite christian morality. What
ever is hurtifil it coindmlius withoti
fear or favor, rnd makes itself felt in the
homes of the people as a power for good.
Thoe Great Household Magazine of
America, is more thoroiughly identified
with the people in their home and so.
cial life than any othqr periodical in the
country.
"Deborah Nurma:n; her work and her
reward." A new serial story by T. S.
Arthur will he commenced in January.
"FIFTY YEARS AGO; or the cabins
of) the West," by Roselhl: Rice. We an
nounco this new series of articles with
real ileasure. knowing as we do that i
will be among the most attractive thlt
we shall olffer our readers next year
Miss Rice, hesides holding the peni of a
ready j u 4 qiuK sses t ttll -reit
to draw, and a wide acquaintance with.
people whose personal relminiscence are
rich with pioneer incidents and experi
ences.
"''omes for the People," a series of ad
miraniy suggestive articles oni homes and,
how to mtake them pleasant and attrac
tive, by Mrs. E. h. Duffey.
"The Story Teller." This department:
will Ie'1pnnualy . .ich, i nides ami
abnndad d of short stories, 'tiSv or three
serials will be given during the year.
"Pipsissiway" Potts the inimitable de
lineator of home life and character, will
have an arti:le in every number.
Butterick's newest patterns for ladies'
and childrens' dresses are given- by spe
cial arrangement every month.
The Mothers' Department will be care
fully edited and have suggestive articles,
fromn our best and most experienced wri
ters.
- iThie lonsltekp4rs' Depattmem*rtwjtl, e
full and piactical, and contain many con.
tributions from experienced housekeep-1
ers.
'-The Lion in Love' and "The Interrup-1
ted Reader," two large and splendid pre-;
minium engravings. One of these is sent:
free to every subscriber.
$2 !50 a year is the price of ARTHUR'S
ILLUSTRATED HOME MAGAZINE.
In clubs; 3 copies for $6i; 6i and one ex
tra to the getter up of the club $12. I0i
and one extra $20. i 15 cents must
be 44 . Wk l fp. pt-
cinThn nmliers 1 ceni, t-i currency or,
postage stamps.
T. S. ARTHUR & SON,
Philadelphia, Pa.
PEOPLE'S LINE.
E U LAR Alexandria andl
Grand Ecore Low Water PACKET. I
For Grand Ecore, Montgomery, Month of Canq
River, Alexar)piear Normaa's, Barbin's,
and ally ay landings on Red
River.
The Al extreme light
draught; passenger steamer,:
BRADISH JOHNSON I
JOHN HEINN, Master.
WM. CULBERTSON, Clerk.
WT ILL leave Now Orleans every Thurs
V day, and arrive at Grand Ecore eve
ry Sundry. ,
For freght r pAge 4piy bard t
Oct. 17.±tf ,
Sinnott's Line.
Fall and Wmter Arrangement.
For Grand Ecore, Montgomery, Alexandria
Pineville, Norman's,-earbin's,
Fort DeRusay,
And All Wary Landings,
The A I Magnificent and fast
running silde-wheel passenger
BART ABLE!
DICK HISNOT, Master.
G. C. HAMILTON,
T. J. DowTY, I Clerks.
W ILL leave New Orleans every!Ratnrday at
5 P. x., returning leaves Grand Ecore
every Tuesday at 12 x., and Alexandria every
Wednesday at 12 N.
The stear '
BA.B'ZNl
will leave New Orleans for Grand Ecore and in.
termediate landings every Saturday at 5 r. m.
The steamer
R. "1. BR3.r4.A ' .
will leave New Orleans for Grand Ecore and in
termediate landings every Tuesday at5 P. m.
This arrangetnent will continue until high
water permits the BART ABLa to resume her re
gular trips, of which due notice will be given.
For freight or passage apply on board or to
J LEB M SI, Ageun
1875. AGAIN ! 1875
LOUISVILLE WEEKLY
COURIER JOURNAL
Continu fol e t r its liberal
arrangenlint, whbct, on/the 31st of
December, 1875, it will distribute impara
tially among its subscribers,
S10o,ooo000
In presents, comprising Greenbacks and
nearly one thoussLe ful and beautifit
articles. -
The Courieto3rnal is a longestab
lished, live, wide-awake, progressive,
newsy, bright and spicy paper.
No other paper oilers such indnuemfnt4
to suabsribers and club 'asgents Circul'r"
with full particulars and specimen cop[
ies sent free on application.
to erl' a mmdl r offer
Address, W N. HALDEMAN,
Pres. CourierJournal Co., leniaville, K
WEEKLY FPrday Packet
For Orand Eore, Montgomery, Month of Ca
River, Alexandria, Norman' Bar
bin's and all way leadigs
The Al Gad very light draug
peasenger steamer
SEMINOLE.
J.C. Mtnne Master. JAM. L. Robins, 'ler .
LE"AV' E ew Orlelns every Tnesday at
.X., arriving at GreandiBore every Fle
at 13 N. The Seminole willie replaeed by a
er boat whn navigation permie.
Will maW sele csouection at the Falls d
Slg  .e low water with the light dan
that tbey Il be put through without dete
lion and sflppers will bear in mind that freig t
will, be -promptly delivered as in high wat
time.
ir treight or or
CITY HOTEL
Coiner CAm and G VOasr streets
-,tuIFhM at-ii)JAIM ,Iquiutm.
WEIEKLY ANM DAiLY FOR 1875
itAc approach of the Presidential elcc
tioin gives unusual imiportance to tbe
events and developments tof 1875. \1c
shall endeavor to. describe them fully,
faithfully, and fearlessly.
IH£E WEEKLY SUN has now attain
el' 'iiirculation of over seventy thl;a
sand copies. Its readers are found in
dvery State aid Territory, and its quali
f is well known to the public. We
shall not only endeavor to keep it ful!y
up to the old standard, but to improv'e
and add to its variety and power.
THE WEEKLY SUN will continue to
be a thorough newspaper. All the news
of. the day will be found in it, condties
ed when unimportant, at full length
when of molneut, aud always, we trust,
treated in a clear, interesting and in
structive manner.
It is oar aim to make the Weekly Sun
the best family newspaper in the worldl,
It will be full of entertaining and tip.
propriate reading of every sort, but will
print nothing to offend the most scrnqa.
l.ous anud delicate taste. It will always
contain the most' iinteresting stories and 1
ruantwc of the. day, carefully selected
all;l lhgihly printed.
The Agricultural Department is a
proinrient feature intthet Weekly Sun,
and its articles will always be found 1
fch 'and useful to the farmer.
the numlber of metn iude entlout' iti
polities is increasing, and the Weekly
Sun is their paper especiall. It belongs
to no party, and obeys no dictation, con
telding for principle, and for the election j
of the best men. It exposes the corrup
tion that disgraces the country and
tlroateus the overthrow of republican
institutions. It has no fear of knaves, 1
a5ud so.es no favors front "their support
ets.
'The markets of every kind and the
fashions are regularly reported in its
colunlti. .
The price of the WEEKLY SUN is on 1
dollar a 'year for a sheet of eight pages,
atd fifty-six columns. 'As thi barely i
paya'expenses of paper and printing, wan
are not able to make any discount or al- 1
1(V any 'prenimum to friends who may I
uI,. special eftorts to extend its circuala
tioit:I Under the new law, which re
itnres payment of postage in advance,
one d6 a year, with twenty cents the
ciit paid postgte added, is'the riate
of subscription. It' is not decessitry, to
gAdufrlc:lub in order to have'the Week
1; Swl at4this rate.' Any one who sends
one dollar and twedty ents will jet t.hl
iaper, ~ p st-paid, fr ia y ear.
P a, v io tavclinng agents.
THE WEEKLY $UN.- .Eight pages,
fst-ix columns. Only. $1,20. a year,
ptiio t~eirepaid. No dieoiunt from thins
ridle/I ,' . ,
-i' IHEeAILY'SUN.-- lakrge four:page 1
isitwsper of tweuty-eight ,oolumns
aily oirculationt over 11t "1.; All the11
ugwas.fer,p cents. Subtariltjao, postage
preteril ý gents a month, or 5055a dear
To chtlbsf 10 or 'over, a discount of 2a
per cent. " ddress'
S"THE BUN,". ew York-City.
' THE
People's Vindicator,
FOR 1875.
We take pleasure in announcing to the
numerous friends of the JVINDICTOR,
that wehave perfected arrangements for
the continuation of its publication upod
a firm basis... The public are well aware
of the diffliclties under which the Con
*erfit~,t"pries,' of :Louisiana labor;' the
tifnimone printing law passed by a parti
sin Legislature, solely to foster and up,
holid ~t the eXpense of the tax-payers,
journals entirely antagonisticeal to their
interest, and at war upon their liberties,
ald btrcing, aunder the forms of law,
o:r eitizeln to advertise iti tlihese offliciald
papers, to.break down tlieir power, the
Conservative and Democratic press ;: c·on
equoontly w g'are compelled todepend
t"r support upon thie generOus contrib'-
tion of a people already poverty-strickenI,
but we feel assenured that 'they w'll not
foil to bnistiah their main power in the
war of.virtue against vice
The Fearless Whitie la's 'Press off
Loaliljana.
The future tone of this paper ean, he
judged from iet. past. We will continue
to advocate to success, the rights. of the
TAXED. that honesty and. cipability,
ALONE,; shall 6aoustitute grounds for po
litical preferment, a4 a continued andid
neier deasiig wa" uphit Kellogg and his
csorrupti offlcials-l-knawl'g ien to be in
comniin with their li oth usurper
aod tiibee. . . ,"+' " ' "
Wte can assure the pnbllelt atKwe will
iiit hesitate to attack the aete'of any po.
litieatl orgai'aziii: ;wheji We bellv ,
them to ie.anthgfetli4tie- s tico pblieoi
W tre athe sarvitt of iao'elqae or party
mid in'tand golely. to tenft hndJdefbn.
tle' 'tri its .nl. 1BIre . ii ui- hc est
welliae doisiantilcl nt di(in thj
cane of-the PEOPLE in dtle past, :we
confidoently oekpcettheir itapport iin the
T, • . ER MSI ' .
1 py 1 year....... ... .... .0.
S(Invariably In adI'ancql) 1
We 1e rnisb asaprpemium to each paid
nup sasoiber, for1one year from the tirs
ofJamaty3 a flue 8TEELENGRAVINa
19x9l thia es, 'of almost .apJlistorie
sabjeet. ,-: - r
JA.IL C080ROV,,
..,, iEditoe,
1 ,rje4 thr jlast lJded; aide contains
loer P 800 Engravi descria
tare,Coli Plate, etc. The t us
sse@te2e ,b4 ti
e in Endih n.
i t sw Ir -
tof r
Al _ ture, uanJ'
. .., i-. ei Sipot
A 1Retresusetative snd tl hampion of American
Art Taste!
Protiiectns for 187--Eighlh Year.
TILE ART JOURNAL OF AMIERICA,
ISSUED MONTHLY.
"A Magnifieent:Conception, won, ouderfully
carried out."
The necersity of a popular medinn for
the representation of the produnltions of
our great artists, has always 1ibeen recog.
nized, and many attempts have beetn
ainlo to meet the want. The sucess.ivo
failures which so iunvaribly followed ev .'h
attempt in this country to estahlish an
art journal, did not prove the indi$f'r.
oee of the people of America to the
claims of high art. So noon as a proper I
appreciation of the want and an ability
to meet it were slown, the puhblic :t
once rallied with enthusiasm to its sup.
prt, and the result was a great artistic i
and commercial triumph--T IE ALDINE.
TIHE ALDINE, while issued with all the 1
regularity. has none of the temporary or I
tinely interest characteristic of ordinary
peri,,die:ls. It is an ele+ant niseellalny
otpr. light and gracefull literature; all
ajcollection of pictures, the rarest specli. I
mns of artistic skill, in black and white.
Athough each succeeding numbnher anfords I
: fresh phleasure to its frienels, the real
vlihe and iheclty of the ALrDIuN will be
nost appreciated after, it h sheen hound I
np at the close of the year. While other t
journals may claim superior eh('.l+enes, as I
CAmpared with ritals of a sitnilar class, i
the ALDINE is a uniqqe and originail con- I
,eption--alone and nnapproached nbso
Ihtely without competition in price or %
character. The possessor of a completae
volume cannot duplicate the qnantity of i
fine paper and engravings in any other a
aflapo or number of volumes for ten timneq I
its cost; and then,, there Is the Chromn I
besides! " e
National feature of THE ALPINE I
must be taken in no narrow sense. True' 1
art is cosmopollitan. While 11THE AL
DINE is a strictly American institution,
it does not confine itself entihely to the b
reproduction of native art. Its mission a
is to cnltivtite a broad and appreciative v
art taste, one thatr will discriminate only t
o grounds of intrinsic murit. Thls. t
nhile pla'cingEbefore the patrons of THE
A.DINE. as a loading characteritic, tlheo
productions of the most noted Amerlcan
atists, attention will always he giveih to ai
specimens from foreign masters, giving a
shbserihers all-the pleasure and mlstrui- 1
tion obtainable from home. or foreign t
sources.
The artistic illnstratioln of American i
scenery, originuil with THE ALDINE, is I
rn inmportant feature, and its magnificent 1
plates are 4f q- sie :more appropriate to
the esatisfactory 1iatmcnt of details I
than' can be 'ff~riti' hiby ' inferior .1
,age. The judicious interspersion ,pf
lpndsaspb, marine, figure, and animal
hJeets, snstain art unabated interest,
imlpossibl where the scope of the work
donfinee the artist too closely to A s;ngle
style. of subject. The literature of THE
ALDINE Is a light end graceful ac~om
pauiment, worthy of the artistic fa
tunre, with only such technical disnqrisi
tions as do not interfere with the popu
lar Interest of the work.
Premium for 17SL.
Every subscriber for 1875 will receive
i beautiful portrait, in oil colors, of tie.
sme inable dog whose picture in a for.
menor lade attracted so much attention,1
'MAN'S UNSELFISH FRIENDI
will be a veleomr in evesy homu,' Ever
rybody loves such a dog, and the portrait
is executed so true to the life, that -it
seems the Veritable presence of the ant
mal itselYf'The Rev. T. De .Witt Tat
stmage tells that his 6wn Newfoundlan(
dog itbe finest in Brooklyn, barks qt it!
Altbough so natural, no one wdio ees
thid' premium chromo will. havs'tlhe
slightest fear of being bitten .
Besides the chroino, every plvinece
subscriber to TIHE ALDINE for' 1875 is.
constituted a member, amid entitled to
all the privileges of
THE ALDINE ART UNION.
The Union owns the originals of ali
THE ALDINE pictures, which, witi
other 'paintings auoi engravings, are to
be distribumed among the .menirs. To
every series of 5.000 subsecribers,' dij
ferent pieces, valued .at over $2~, are
distributedl as soon as the series is,full,
and the awards of each series as made,
at'e to be published in the next snceedk
ing issue of THE ALDI)NE. This fea
ture only applies to subscribers who pay
for one year ino advace." FIl particn
lar in cirenularteusit a applicationu e
cl9sing a stanip.
:- , TERMS:
One Sabscriptionm, etittlig to 'HAl
ALDIN E one yatr, .e ,Cr6i.
.nd the Art nIZaon,
$8.00 per annum, in advanse.
No Charge for posageo.
Specimen Copies of THE ALDINE, SO cts.
'The Awrtxn will hereafter beobtailnablp
only by :subscription. There will be up
roeduced or claub rate; pasji for subsenlerit
tions must be sent to tibeublishers direet,
or handed to the locl canvasser, withou
resRonsibility ,to the publishers, only ik
ases where t '~ ortiiicate is given,bear
tng tie fae-snludle signature of Jame~i
CA ss TED'WV . .-Any person who
wishes tdoact permanently as a locald can
vasser, will receive fall and pronat inV
ormation by applying to
TILE .iDI1N Oo0PANY,
88 den Lane, NEW YORK
I me
ters*late o ., i
lsllalWs iselmt" b y'the bl lba
o pondeee from the leading cities,
·Pdmr mte to tl it'ela~te mns.
8 iw ; l-ht5II' has its . P uetiti e,
mFaeisn, CIts and besdtrs; pub
s. Bdt.i t m the t lrt
mi laPW, and ' ere t mb sdt bedt
stol~ A dl iQrte epal~ethe it
Jourals publ l  opirs res
Fulugwlans and e cter; b
Oa Year.....'.,r.....J .. .. .0
o. -aDalnorv, Coun.
TPJPR. TRY 1".
POSTAGE IE.I"A
Beautifilly Illustrated.
The SCIENTIFIC AMEIlIC(AN now it,
its :3i0t h vei i', t';,jys the widesnt ula
tion o"f an - weekly newspaper of . indl
in the w~rld. A new volumiu ctnomifiicite
Jan uariy 4, 1d75.
Its contenlts emhbrmee the la!tiat : ' nd nn.,t
iilteresting inlifruatii; ,rt inin,g to the
iduitsta il&1, Mechauical, anl. iSe'it'. io ',Pro.
re.ss of t1he \, orld; Ds.eripltions, wihi
lcaut iiful Ellgriaving.s, of Nt'w Inv nluti.'.ois,
New Pi'cet t:.ee, and I prov .I. Induistrie".
of all kinds; Usefuil Notes, Iie ipes, SinO
geltstiits anl Advice, by iPraetit il Wir itt.i.
for Worknluii and Eiumployers. ,in all the
various art.i,
The SCII'NTIFIC AMERICAN is the
chi;pest anld :lhest illustratedl weekly pl:
iper pul.lishel!. Every nuIlllmber cohtilit.le
front to to 15 origi:al engravings of tliet
imiachinerlv and inovel inventions
ENG IAVI'NGS, illustrating Improv-c
Ilents, Diiscoveries, anlid Inportant i Works.
pertlainting to Civil andti, Mech:uauica: Engi
Heerin ig. Milling. Miining.anl Metalhiurgv;
.RecrtUf the .ate.st .t.igrea. in the Ap
ldiet iionl of Siionllo. S.t aln Enlgineeirng.
laitiliays; Ship l~tildinug, Naviitithio an
Telegraphy, Telegaplh Eingineering, Elec
triceity, MagInetisll. igiht. ind hleat.
FARMIERS, '.Mrchanics, ', Elngineers.
Inventorus{ Moai ufictll u'li'rs. Chelinisis, I.os
ers of Sciuuneh, Tacheris, ClerynZen, Laui.
ers, anil People of all Pi-oftiiiiuW s wil
inul the SCIENTIVIC AMeaIIPAki iuseful tO
them. It should have a plaice in every
IFamily. Library, Studly,oiilce, iand Coilnt
ing )Roomua; in' eviery R.adlihg lRoout,
Co!'.legs, Ac1deluy. orl 8eiuod.
A year's nilllaj' a contOai 832 pages and
SaEve.ItL If UNDUR iEsYanvna cs Theon
sandsi of volumes are IPerservtd tfor bjljd
inglil id eferelce. Tith prat'ctfl receilih
1are well worth tell times thle subsiription
price. Terms 63 20 a year" I)vby mail, illn
eluding potago. Discount toi Clubs lSp
nieute sent free.3.1ay be Lad of all siTws
Dealers.
PATENTS. " : heE'P n'
Ax'nIcA , MeaIrs. Mei'w & Co. are
Solictorti of 'uaerican and Foreign PaLteuts,
and have the largest estllishliunt in the
world More than flifty thousand ipplica
tious have be*lunade fhr]patenits through
their agency.
Piteilts are obtained on the beat tcrsl
tlodels of Npw inventions and :ketlflhei;
xatpiinetd al4 advicel free. A special
notice iuadulo in the 8ientiie Alimericann
of alliuLveuntiolmis Patented through this
Agency, with the name and resideln of
the Patentee. P'atiits are often sold in
part or whlole, to persous attracted to the
invention by- sukh aotiee. Seud. for
Pamphlet, 10 pages, laws and full di
rections for obtaining Patonta.
Adress for the Paper, or concerning
Patelts, MuNx & Co., 37 Park Row
N. Y. BraIh Olico, oor. F audl 7th 8ts.
VWazshiunton,, C . ....
Janyy . l,It75.--1v : i
WEEKLY ENQUIRER,
A Paper for the People, a Friend of the
Farmer and Induetrial Clases,.
A BEAUTiPUL
NEW CHIOMO . .
ICYTTLEJ '
"Perr's Victory !"
Qlivmto. etvey $2 tlo ubiDrib. .
This picture reprewenta Cosi Olivet, I. Per
a y lu the act of paysing from one asip to another c
iu a sea31l open 'mat, durlag thheat of battle,
exeop~,ed to the fire of the eneot,.
I lesiures 10 b t}ij Inches,
Isartftitcalljr ihilihii d i thirteen colors and iti
umldoubtedly the mp.t desirable' chromec ever a
of fredas a' premium. Single copies of it sell at (
300n. We have at a greato outlay sedured the
exrclatve control and sale of it, and therefore
are enabled to present it to our patrons as above. I
The Exqvipena still stands pre emilne.t n a t
first class Newspaper. Its various departaoenta
allotted to
Editorials, Humorous, t
Agvieulturc; "' ,'etry, ,
Correspondence, Telegrapie
A- . d Ge cueral Knes.
All give evidence of the care and pains taken b
to supply Its readers with all the niews and it
variety of reading that canhot fail, to interest
eaqh llnd bvdry inemlbo' of ti hiodsehold. CJlb.
scribe thrwugh our agents or send direct to us.
We desire an agent at every Post Office, ant d
whore uone are y.t.appuiateed, let somo of our a
friends apply for the agency. t
S Addrbua ," '
FAIIAN & INcLAN, Publishers, I
clc:NNATI, o. f
The Saturcy yEvening Pot.
The Oldest and Bost Story Paper Pub
lished.
SFPounded August 4, A:.D 1821.
SFor mor thAn haltf a' ontury the
Saturday Evening Poet ha'ben the'w .
GROEAT LITERAR: WEEKLY '"r
of 'the Cbouaty, and ha evear boIna , a
wideepreaflf.nd unbalini5shled 'zep taCionu
for tthe uhnsurpags ,pfitt~T, Mnemet
and excellence ftl ia th:SetsO 8ketcbep ,
and Misenltlaeous reading iatt. '
i .is preumi4 itly
The BestFatmily Paper
that i published in thiscoui.,t fr~om jt
never containing anything that would 1
otFdep the feelings of any one. .ilter in i
a religious or, political "st ;, or'..tu& -
could iaoit he road at --, ireaiZA iithaot i
oblctieqt froi the juet faetidion.
!Fi c~rulliqyn of the sl turdi y Even
i'.Post¶4, through not . quti ,: a. 'large
orhups, .a its youngor contemporariea, 4
is not, like that of .eone of theorn, finetu- :
ating, and too often short-lived, but
SURIE, SOLID' Att SUBSTANTIAL,
based i pon " the, ntrinuI8 mdiit of the pa
per itself and not 'dependent on any ex
traneous intinenees, such as the populari
tvy of individual writers, &o.a.
. Good; however, as thle Saturday Even
ing Post has been i' thL' past, it is our
intention to make it. still better in the
future, ar4 with this object in view we
will Bdfebl I tarked idip'mis'nat 'uaeve
ry department of the paper, and ,will*
call torpir aistanee writers dtladlnitte4l
ability and known repntitidb.' "
By increasing its former attractions, I
sad adding many Judieloo rand pleas
iikg novelties, by' studyi r ;'how 'to piao
and cdltivate .'the popntir, taste, 'bq n
oreasin du ihdttry and'.ntO pride, and by
e~ntargel facilities, we'h peto 'i ~ke aFew
t~iundsr with- aencln' Dl4 every iaiue, and
continue to nmaidtain tlid claim td the
Saturday Evening Pont to its title of Tim
A M ) . aIL rrlighT Y a s tars
Term io SUtibsorbers:
One oes'lo: $' 11ol one nonl.
" copies .00.O Two months 0
" 4 eopies 10:00 Three me. 75i
- 9 copies 20..00., ron h m,. 0(O
To any one sending $90 for a C(lnh of
9, an adldifional eopy-wKil be ent FREE·
Specimeu copies can be hatl on appl
cation: W' Ehiplby 'zo'Traveliug Agent.
McoLt nmmunicatsons must be addreseed to
" . J. C. WALKER. Propietor,
lP: ht ae .
17' Get your printing doet at
the 'VIxmDICATOR Job e6,1 .
TIlE ILL~'RAI.D
WIT!I Wit'llh I IN(':iS Pt 1 aTED
It is the intntion " til ' co:,,letors of
tliý ;,.-;:,zine t.- still fi'.riher mai ke it It
::,:,', of liter.i"y a:i mit'hanieal excel
lenet, an:d. n ith tl:is iew, no :advzantage
%%il] I ,, , l'ctld 1hl:hth cithl r talent or
,p:,p!t:i :ili n comnn'dl t1, !'.rhler ieach i$
,taaia, ;I. grIucable aid ii..tiUtive cuwpen
dliunm of
I't)P ''LAPI READiNG.
Its t a/,s will be devoteid to popular
littratl ,r. siir.;,,,e.' rt, e'lneation and (o-.
t ,,l devel,.I It Lu:wt. li charteritic fea
tolrel i:' corllllnsi'llivenelinls" The manu
s'ripltsniw Ioti ail, l out l otherit eslºtclCi
ly en.gatged, eimbra.ce an unusually attrac
tive liia. of D.scr'ilptive ~6ktcheu. ofTrav
el, Serial Stories. Talesh Poems, Papers on
Scieiice anti Art, l'olunhr Essays. Narra
ti vies, Literary Criticiansi, Fashions, etc.,
together with aL varioey of able and iu
t &.r*.tling articles upon the Inmportant
Qliestiots of the Day. A' large prolpr
;ion of the articles, eprecially those dee
criptiveof travel, will be
PROk'USELY ILLUSTRATED.
The .lictorial enull'ejiihments of the
Magazine hereaftier constituting one of
its ..lost attratctiv6 fuaturea.
The plbrpom of thle 'ublishler is to fur
nih a p,.ris.lieal which shall be instrue-.
thLce il 'Thui ioulnIehold, The Library and
The Readidlg Rootii, tiving on abundance
of entertaiuing and lioplar literstro
and hiformnation fi Iheth old and yetoug,
etrryinig light. comufirt and good natnro
into every tfamily, and making it accep
t.:a!;: for the whole lloh~elhohl-father
:aal nmotiher, boys and girls, young men
ant-, young woDien.
i'heliIustdrted Houvehold Magaxise
iicludec 'several Distinct Departspents,
eacih uider competenit and oeeieinti man
agcmtient, viz:
1. Sketches-eoasisting of Descriptifi
of Travel and Adventure, Serial -tories,
hles and Naorratives, lavishly and ip*
proplniately illustrated..
L. MIscellany--made up ofbrtliant:ex
tracts fromi new books, highly entertain,
iug skethes of notable peresos ,and
things from. the Iest Foreign Publiea
tiou, Poems and Papers on ScienoeoAl
Art.
3. Editorial Department-ta :which is
given brilliant essays uppe a wide'rangs
of subljeto; social topics discussed and
current incidents and doings glanced at.
4. Fadlnou Departnment-cotntaining. a
resume of the Paris, London apd Neiw
York autshiols, illustrated with engra
vings of the latest styles.
B. Literary Notes-deirofod to 'reviews
and critieiosm of new books and gonemad
information.
6. Children's Departatent-fthruýislmg
instruction and entrtainument to the
Boys aud girls, and those older peple
who ltaye young isearts.IJt is eme lish
ed wl high.;: class illustratioys of
Natural Uistory, Wonderful: Acenery and
-aret icidents. .
.. JI:ousolkeper's Doparnlnet -eom
pri.ing itlfotmatiou'and re,ilpe, any of
which kip original anid puldiwrl e for tmn
first time, all c9.llted.t ,fim thfp meus
a-tahestie sources.
It' will be the conste t aim of the
Ilopoehaid Pt'uhlishling (Conppdn make
HiIE JLLUSITRATED fO> [MEIOLD
MAGAZINE ini the 'future, as Wood's
Household lagaziue has been . n.
past,
THIE BEST DOILAR MONTHLY PUB
LISHED,
spauing neither effort, trouble nor ex
pense in securing the 1eet Writers as
contributois, and the Best Artists to pe
_dues illustrations to enrich its pages.
. GEXTS WANTED.
We require a good, faithful Agent in
every town throughlout the United States
and Canda, who will earnestly engage, in
ilhe: bndines. of. prosulari sdb, iji~letgie-
not for a tfew days" or a mnonthl olnly but
permanr6ntly-wIth a ithi' det&tr iition
to canivass thoidighly and erefkeMly the
entire t e l1 selected, Inmproviangeve*o i.
ortuanity to islise all that can poebly
bo made fiem the introduction of the
Magalne. ' . . '
Our Premium and.Culaiug;l I.,lr ,
oir behalf. Schools ,iti Clnu'hes haIve
here. an upusual oppi.rtizIt to racire
Musliical Jitstruments fro'th bi lxtan
ufactnrers, with coqnaratitelj slight
exertions. Artisans, Profes.inIal ue,
and' Student. may grattif tifhIlfjtary
itaste by oderitg from. tlhe Clubbing
Llt. Children may earn -ldl own .ialv
long desired articles by; obtslinil 'tle
few sub6tiair reuqired. .
E.LY SlIB8soiPTjEI OI.oo.
Speoimen Oopies mwailed, p.t-paid, to
any addrew uplon reeeipt of Tea. Cents.
Thoipostage within the:Uniitcdisttba
i Tenl Cnts a year, whiohl nair:bhe for
trarded with tho. subseriptiaon, as the
new Postal Law requirihg thl relay
meett of all mnagaines: by pullibiers
tlieszaelves, instead ,ofm bsalbernotne
i"ls ts to collect the lpostqe in ad.aee.
:,~'oed:for Cimullars oaltauingu itae at
ti~mrmnlien aund indueeaaeat. /to .eCava.
sers, and the 1rLeuium and CGubhlng
Lis.ts.
We contiaie to ofihr this ,rkaated
Oil Chrimo i connectio!n "it the l;
lustrated HIousehold )Legaghi*,,.fua nl
,ing them to our whieibe. ayhe
fllowiong very gee ous terasI ', r,',
,W lW ith Jot.ed Ok ,aaS , 2~01 I;TV
woeaenld Ciroorlel$1.50.
Thie Monnted Chromeo Is delireat
ot0r otliee, or by canvaeise,or .boedlaun
sent by ezpin.e at subserihir's expense.
or sent by mpil uponu reeejp f Tyrently
Cents exur' for postage. Tiet UnIeani
d Chroile is meit, fei by nail ,,.
All eommunnicationLs must he aduressed
HOUijEEOLD PUBilSIXQ COV).,*
41 Park Row,-New York.
i:omen and lAge!nuts, we have' Jist what
you need .Oiur 9x1' )ounted,.broeae,,
outselllnytblj g in the muasket. .Mr Pr,
is "i rit ': '"I *lruck out yvelerlie.aa.
jby s,-kir g pcany tdur hnrs, ,clearid7.
" tLly has jhst re6tt~d her proi & a
the forenoon i S.,; pyesterday pt to
,'clolk ishe cleared $7 .0. WIe s ver.
bCePitl Qh&iestion that one raent QF ra.,
,6,000fi t bese chruimns iP eleven dritk -
hg da;ys. We have the .largest am 'lnd eia,
issortuuent in the Uaited Statesl;. l
dteds of clhoice iubljects Irom, whie.b .
eAkt. 'We will scud yoil ii, aOahssoa. 1e
of the blst sellipg free of charge on re
e pts of 50,, Senmi in your orders o
Bihrox F1AE hND OfRitROO CO.
292 WaShington 8t5 Boston, Masm.
P. O.Jstoe i.... : .: ,' .t-,---,;·.
Important Notice.-, ;
' ASID NItw 'OInt.RAS PILE'. Ligy.
Pi.acsw CoiuPraur, are berebynotighed
that the lrstinstalmentof the armnour
saubsenihed .(1Fper crent on eac. share) ik
now Ade. They are. respeetfully invi
ted to come forward and settle at oncue
their indobtedneas.
By orider of the Direetora.
L. DUP'LEJX.
Mar @A-i.