Pomeroy's Chicago Democrat is
before ns weekly-the last num
her containing slurs against the
South and Southern editors for
their support of Tilden. The
charges made by this Pomeroy
against MIr. Tilden, and classing
him with Tweed and his ring the
world knows to be twaddle, but
the blakguardismn of this man is
unsufferable-his predictions false, 4
and his political knowledge so
gangreened with prejudice and
fanaticism, that none but those in
besotted ignorance, could, for a
moment, follow his leading.
But we desire to speak for our
part of the South, in reply to the
insults of this fellow. The South
ern people were for the strongest
man that could be found as a can
didate for President on the Dem
ocratic ticket-they were not
bought by Tilden or any one else,
they are the tools of no man, Dem
ocrat or Radical, and he that says
so "lies in his throat."
We are entitled to our opinions
as well as Mr. Pomeroy is to his,
and we insist that as we have and
do respect his, he shall respect
ours. Because we honestly differ
from him it is showing a very
'weak side to blackguard and abuse
us as he does.
The South looks to her interest
in future, and the war taught her
the folly of going off aftter such
chimerical idiots as the Enquirer,
of Cinciunatti, and the Democrat,
of Pomeroy's.
STRoN (l ) MEN.-H-ayes, the
Radical compromise candidate, is
a salary grabber, and voted for evc
ry strindling bill passed while he
was in Congress-and they tell
us he is a reformer and a strong
man!
Wheeler, the Credit Mobelier
thief, voted and took pay for do
ing so, for every railroad swindle
since he has been in Congress, and
they say he is a safe man.
All we can say, all that honest
men can say, is that the republi
can party does not intend to re
form-and their promise is all a
sham.
The Democratic platform is a
model one, and will command it
self to all classes. The nomina
tion of Tilden created the utmost
enthusiasm here, as well as
throughout the entire Union. The
man and the hour have met at
last, and the American people
will surely elect a man who is a
reformer, and represents the hon.
eat masses.
..... C i  ---.-----
In 1874, Governor Tilden'spln
rality over Jno. A. Dix, the Re
publican candidate, was 53,315.
Mr. Dix had been elected two
years previously by a plhrality
of 53,451. A change of one hun
dred and six thousand seven hun
dred and sixty-six votes, and still
some thieving Demoorats of New
York, say now, .and said then,
that Tilden could not carry the
State'
The Democratic House voted
down the proposition of the Presi
dent to allow the appropriations
for the next fiscal year, to contin
ue on the same basis as last.
Goodl Let there be no back
down. Radicalism must be drown
ed in the deluge or retbform.
The VINDICATOR will be excused,
we hope, for its supelerabundauce of
political matter each week. The
truth is, the VINDICATOR is a politi
cat paper, and this is a political year,
ald we believe it our duty to be in.
tensely and even exasperatingly po
litical. People who complain of be
is;g"tired of politica," muost remem
b ,er that a large portion of our well
bbing as a people, depends upon the
kinad of government we have, and
the ient wtho administer it. For thils
seasqa we devote all our space to
a wBlis o tf tb State -Regiter,
(and we will siay right here, red
hot white-liner as we are, that
SCollins is a Republican and a gen
'tlemi n, and we admire him and
is lpapir, and are only sorry there
at not maun of his kind in the
i·: iti dfata the names of Hayes
R: i lWler at the mast head,
i;t I e dt so enthusiastic as to
)a;r:: o;on ire over the nomi
+lm ·;Collin8e must feel disgust
wihet reiads ap Hayes and
iw steord in Congress, and
m hstb lht e gaine it is
Stpifotl with that brace.
,the hin suasher,
Su get Brie
qformer
I z-o ' wn
:~ rn
MARTIN I& SMITH, sup
8011
-STEA M
SAW MILL,
Six miles south of the city of Natchitoches
PRICE: for.
At the mill, per M. ......$5.00 to $10.00
Delivered in town, per M.,.........14.00
ITVE TAKE pleasure in informing the
1 V public that we ar ' prepared to take
CONTRACTS to build cabins, furnishing
thercfor. lumlber, material and labor, at
very low rates.
BOX COTTAGE,
with gallery, 14x18 feet, complete, shin. '
gled .roof, put up for $125.00 its
JBOX COTTAGE, 12.lS feet, with gal- tiol
lery, cminpletc, put up for $100. in 1
Planters and others will find it to their Jam
interest to give us a call. I
Orders lft at this otlice or with Loiis into
l)upleix, will meet with prompt atten- Iiid
tin,. gre
V"' Orders left with Mr. E. Smith, at Be:
Willis llolmes' will meet with prompt Ne'
attention. ds4. of t
MARTIN & SMITHL. ges
_ April 10- ly. fr
·'i Get your printing done at '1
the ViNDICATOI J b Office.
aro
WILDO OATS. 1, '
iipel
1 PROSPECTUS FOR 1876. Re,
t -li
SChaimpion Americanm Comic Paper ! Tel
tric
I
Illustrated by a corps of the best Ameri- In
can artists, and contributed to by the
most popular humorists and satirists of f
thie day. the
r Wild Oats now enters successfilly up- Ft
on the sixth year of its existence, and
has become the established humorous atnd
' satirical paper of the country, It was
started and continued the first year as a
monthly, then, to satisfy the demIand of s
t he plhlic, it was changed to a fortnight. i
ly. Still continuing its good wortk of
hitting folly as it flies, andt showing up ni
g the political and social shams by its cl
masuterly cartonus and pungeI t editorials, i
it achieved even greater success than De
e before, and was recognized as the ablest
iand brightest of its class. Since then we
have yielded still further to the public
g demand, and now publish Wild Oats A
weekly! It has literally grown into its Sol
present shape on its intrinsic morits, be- in'
r ing the first successful weekly humorous we
paper ever published in this country. tio
Among the artists especially engaged th'
e to furnish illustrations for Wild Oats are M
Frank Bellew, Thomas Worth. Hopkins, Mt
d Wales, Shelton, Wolf, Jump, Keettels, ex,
Stuckhardt, Day, Poland, and several no
others who are yet. known to faie. of
it In its literary departments Wild Oats A¬
l. will, as it always has, stand alone and thl
unapproachable. At least one first-class Pa
3- serial story will always be found in its ii'
a pages, by the best humorous, satirical, Pa
and character writers in the United ref
States; while its sketches and squibs
a will be sparkling, original and poited. Pa
Wild Oats will be first-class in every N.
t- particular, and on this account may be W
taken into the best families without fear
or suspicion, as no word or illustration
it will aippear that can offend the most fas
18 tidious.
e 1i S8end for a Sample Copy and
It Convince Yourselves.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE: A
One Year...................... $4 00
1-..
Six Months..................... 2 00
Three Months................... 1 00
Single Copies ................... 10 co
S Any person sending us a club of five A
.subscribers for one year will receive a Ft
Scopy gratis.
Address,
SCOLLINS & SMALL. d
II- Publishers, 113 Fulton Street, N. Y. ar
EVERY LADY SHOULD TAKE IT. t
T, ErP SO 'S IAGAZINL ,
o IAl
THE CHEAPEST AND BEST IN at
STHE WORLD.
Is ti
Postage Pre-Paid on all Subscriptions. al
k This popular Monthly Magazine gives
more for the money than any in the
l- world. For 1876, it will be greatly im
proved. It will contain One Thousanud
Pages. Fourteen Spleutndid Steel Plates, am
Twelve Colored Berlin Patterns, Twelve tr
d Mammoth Colored Fashions, Nine Huni- at
of dredl Wood Cuts, Twenty-Four Pages of v
Mnusic. All this will be given for only w
' Two Dollars a year, postage prepaid by ly
ti- the pulblisher, or a dollar less than Mag- at
i azines of the class ,f "Peterson." Its am
n. THRITINIGV TALES AND NOV- l
0- ELTIES
e Are the best published anywhere. All ir
n- the most popular writers are employed
II to writeoriginally "Peterson." In 17., at
in adlition to the usual quantity of short ft
he stories. Five Original Copyright Novel- ci
ad etts will be given, by Mrs. Ann 8. Ste
Sphens, Frank Lee Benedict, Jane G. Aus- el
tin Marietta Holley and Daisy Ventuor. 11
to MAMMOTH COLORED FASHION '
PLATES
SAhead of all others. These plates are
4- engraved on steel. Twice the usual size,
and are unequaled for beanfy. They
will be sltper ly colored. Also House
n- hold and other receipts; in short, every
Sthing interesting to ladies.
h SUPERB PREMIUM ENGRAVING!
es To every person getting up either of
the following clubs for 1875 will be sent
, grtis, a sopy of our new ar.d splendid
Sumezzotint for farmning, (size 2i inches by
26), "'Washington's First inteiview with
ii His Wife." This is a Five Dollar Engra
. ving, and the pmomt desirable premium
ever offered. For large clubs, as will be
d seen below, an extra copy of Mazaine
d will be sent in additon.
is
TERMS (Always in Advance) $2,00
a, YEAR.
is Postage Prepaid by tle Publisher.
ar 2 Copies for................$ 60
8" " "::.............. 400 *
"6 . . "... ... 0.... 100
9 " "................ .14 0
1 ... *r***?l$.- . *.0 18 00
, ,  ,,, . , - . b . tl , ,o,., si -,
superb) mezzotint. "Washiligton's First
interview With His Wife," to the per
son getting up the Club.
Address, post-paid.
CHARLES J. PETERSON,
306 Chesunt street, Pa.
,0' Specimens sent gratis if written
for.
THE BEST PAPER. TRY IT.
POSTAGE FRIEE.
Beautifully Illustrated.
wl
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN now in thi
its 30th year, enjoys the widest circula.
tion of anly weekly newspaper of the kind
in the world. A new volulne commences
Janunary '4, 1875.
Its contents enlmbrace thet latest and most
interesting information pertaining to the
Industrial, Mechanical, andl cientitic 'ro.
gress of the World; I ,'scriptions, with an
iBeauttiful IEltnravings, of New Inventions, shl
New Process.3, lnd Inprove'd Ildustries te
,f all kindsl; Isetful Notes, Ieciplcs, Sug
grstioils and Advice, byh Practical Writers.
r Workmein i and Employers in all thie
varions arts.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN is the
cheapest and blest illustrated weekly pia
per published. Every numbeor contaiins
frollt 10 to 15 originill engralviligS of new
itlathinerv anild novel inventionlls.
ENGII AVI\GS, illustrating Improve'
Inenlts, Discoveries, and I mportant Works,
plertlining to Civil and Mecchanica Engi
neelring, Milling. Mining and Metallurgy;
Records of the latest progress in the Ap
plicltions of Steam. Steanm Engineerhig,
Riailw ys. Ship hBuilding, Navigation.
Telegraphy, Tl'legraph Engineering, Elec
tricity, Magnetism, Light and Heat.
FAI1RMERS, Mechanlics, Engineers,
Invenitol's, Malitnufactl'urers. Chielmiists, Lov
ers of Science', Teachers, Clergymlen, Law
yers, and People l of all Professions, will
lind the SCIENr'IrIIC AMEIIICAN useful to
thenl. It should have a place in every
Family, Library, Study, olffice, slid Counti- A
iig Rooml; in every Reading Room,
College, Academy or School. T,
A year's Ilnumbrs contain 832 pages and
SEVEIInAL I1'INlslED ENxIIa.VINas Thou
sanllds of volumes are llerserveid for bind
ilig iand reti rence. The practical receipts
are well worth ten times the sullcripltiou
iprice. Terms $3 20 a year by mail, in
eluding postage. Discllunt to Clubs Spe
cinllus sent free. May be had of all News
Dealers.
PAl ENTS. In connection with
PATtENTS. SIE o IC.
AMnEnicsx, Messrs. Mu. & Co. are
Solictors of American and Foreign Patents,
and have the largest estldishment in the
world More than lifty thousand applica' S(
tions have been made for patents through
their agency.
Patents are obtained on the bllest terms Is
Models of New invelitions asnd sketches sa
exanmined anad advice tree. A special 8c
notice is made in the Scienitific Anerican th
of all Inventions Patented through this eti
Agency, with the nalme alnd resident of cc
the Patentee. Patents are often sold in he
part or whole, to persons attracted to the it
invention by such notice. Send for Di
Pamphlet, 110 pages, laws and full di
rections for obtaining Patents.
A.dress for the Paper, or concerning
Patents, Mu\lx & Co., 37 Park Row
N. Y. Brach Ollice, cor. F anl 7th Sts.
We ashinton, D C.
r Jany 1175.-ly
a
JOURNAL OF tit
Ri
AGRICULTURE A.D FAIIEIER. c
A Weekly for Farm, Or
chard and Family Circle. -
The Weekly Journ al nd Farmer is a
Sconsolildation of tile ionnthly Journal of
SAgricnlture and the Weekly Missouri
Farmner, is now tihe greatest leading popun
lar F:ani and Fireside paper of the
Southwest.
Iti departments are complete and ably
edited. Thle Grange is a leading feature,
and this departmnlent is always full of is
Sgood things contribiuted bIy the lmembers pc
of the Order. The ladics are hieard ni
through the coluinsii devoted to their in- a
terests, and manlly hints of houisehold c
ntility and good advice coan be gleaned am
bIy tlos)e who wish to becolne orilinlmnts y
aI in their homes and by their firesides.
All classes will be instructed by realilng i:
the Journal of Agricnltl'e and Falrtler, at
. amnd- no fiamily should be without it. Its (
MARKET. REPORTS h
are complete, authentic and reliable, and
the paper is worth the subscription price
s alone to get its markets, fresh and relia
ble every week.
Send for it! Read it ! Take its ad- h
vice, and it will pay you. h
: Men and women, boys and girls, ohl1
a, ai1 young, give the Journal of Agricul
e ture and1 Farmer a trial for one year,
. and.see if yon have not nmade a good illn
vf vestment. It is a larrge 8 page,e 48 e.lulln i
y weekly Agricultural, Granuge and Faini
Sly Newspaper, and is free from political "
Sand reli1ions discussions, anld its chaste
anti well written pages makes it a wel
come visitor in thol:sands of honseholds
ini the grealt Mississippji Valley.
Clnub agents wantte1, to whom liberal
terms will be given. We want agents
11 in every town and village.
d 8Send for specinen copy free, and we l
r, ask that you send us the naanmes of your
t friends, sto ihat we may send them spe
1- I cimen copies. I
e- Subscription price, $2.00 per annuml; l
is- clubs of 5 or nlore, *1.50 ,ach. Postage, r
a. 15 cents Inmust be set with each name, ni
as we preplay every paper sent out. c
Address t
CHEW, CORDELL & CO., e
310 North Sixth Street, I
* t. Louis, Mo.
HWHITEWATERWAO0A
e FOR FARM, PLANTATION AND FliEIG(HT.
ALSO SPRING AND DEMOCRAT WAG08. '
OWhere we have no Agents
we will sell direct to parties
desiring them. Price and
description furnished on ap
plication. The Whitewater
Scosts a triflemore than ordi-o
nary wagons, but is the i
Soeoeapest in the long run.
SSEMPLE, BIRGE&CO.
', 188oUTHIAI& IT., 8T. LOUIS
Partes wrriting us, w!ll
setrention in what pa
they read our advertise*
9 YI;,.t At&I~fE-X OE~i S
-
WE WANT AN AGENT IN
EVERY COUNTY I
-LN THE
UNITED STATES!
--00---_ 1º
Gold Coin! $1,000.00 in Gold !
-oo- ti
SWe Challenge the World, 1
And will forfeit $1,000 to any person who can produce a remedy which will prove
by actual test, a more speedy, certain and etlfctual cure for all Pains and Aches of
whatever form, external and internal, acute or chronic, deep-seated or othcrwiso
than
Dr. Radcliff's Great Remedy,
Seven Seals or Golden WONDER
We have had this challenge of $1,000 lprominently displayed in all our Circulars
and Newsl:aoer Advertisements, fior the last four years, and not taken, which o
shows the superior excellence of our Remedy over all other. For External or In- si
Sternal usel. C
It will Effect a Speedy Cure in all Cases of p
Headache, Neuralgia, Toothache, Sprains, Bruises.
Flesh W ounds, Burns, Colic, Cramp, Cholera.
Morbus, Flux, Diarrhoea, Bronchitis. Catarrh,
coughs, colds, Inflammatory Rheuma
tism, Asthma, Phthisic, Heartburn, 1
Indigestion, Summer complaint,
Pains in Side, Back or Loins, r
Piles, Ringworm, Felons,
Stings of Insects, Bites of f
Venomous Serpents,
and Especially Ru
* matism.
A POWERFUL REMEDY Which is taken Internally by ANY ONE
----oo
This celebrated medicine is beyond a doubt the gretitest discovery in Medi
cal Science known to the world. Its action is at once felt ; its wonder
ful cures are instantaneous; in fact it Hterally demolishes pain.
-00oo
EQUALLY GOOD FOR MAN OR BEAST.
00oo t
REMEMBER WE GUARANTEE EVERY BOTTLE.
s I
INo Cure, No Pay !
Try it, and be Convinced.
00-
SOURCE OF HAPPINESS TO MILLIONS OF SUFFERING HUMANITY.
During the past four years the wonderful success of this Great Remedy has far c
s exceededl our most sanguine expectations; thousands have been cured, ai,.d thou. c
s sands have found out from actual experience that Dr. Itadclilfs Great Remedy,
1 Seven Seals or Golden Wonder, is the Most Wonderful Pain l),stroyer in Existence, I
it the Most Expedious, Safe and powerful Remedy known in the World. Cures are =
Seflfected almost Instantly, as if by Ma ic. Thousands of certificates have been re
if ceived from all parts of our broad land, unsolicited and unasked for, speaking in (
n heartfelt and universal praise of this Great Rein.dy. fronm personal knowledge of I
e its almost miraculous powers in curing the most obstinate and protracted cases of r
r Diseases.
i- 00
$1,000 Profit in Four Months ! 1,872 One Dollar Bottles Sold !
READ THIS :
Scott Town, Lawrence County, Ohio.
Messrs. KENNEDY &, CO.-Dear Sirs: At this late hour I will infirmn you of the
great benefit I received from the use of Dr. Radcliff"s Great Remedy, Seven Seals
or Golden Wonder, after lbeing confined to my bed for eight years with a complicta
tion of diseases,.viz: Dyspepsia, Bronchitis,. Palpitation ofthe H[eart, Pain in the,
Right Side, with General )ebility, for which I tried the skill of our home physi
cians, also a dcctir of New York City, and two of Pittsburgh, andl onle in the t
northlernl ,art of Ohio. Took enough patent mnedicines to swim in-all to no pur
pose. At length 1 was induced to try )Dr. Radcliflf Steven Seals or Golden Wolnder.
I Isent and got six fifty cenlt bottles, and before, using it all founlid myself able to
travel in a buggy. Took the agency fir its sale last April, four months ago, and
have sold thirteen gross, or 1,872 botths, Iup to this date, Algust 20th, 1872, and
expect fl'm the growing ldemand to sell ten thousand (1o,)001) bottles in tuse next
year. Gentlemen, if you think this worth using you eau do so, as I am generally I
known over three colinties as a mIlan of great allliction.
S Yours RespectfuIlly, H. J. DARLING.
------0
A REMEDY FOR HARD TIMES. TRY IT.
FOR THIS GREAT REMEDY WE WISH YOU TO ACT AS OUR AGENT.
-oo *
Dear Sir:-The labove fully explains the articles we wish to sell. This businuess
f is hlmlorable, and by being cnergetic, will pay ,you well, It is our desire to iap
s pIoilnt an agent in every county in all parts of thte United States and Canada, grant
d nig to each the exclusiv.e righlt to sell every bottle sold in the county. Should you
'. accept the agency for one or more counties, you shall have the exclusive right to
d sell every bottle sold ini your county, as long as 'you contir lt to act as our agent,
d and all orders which we may receive fronm your territory shall be turned over to
s your account.
s. This Wonderful Remedy, Seven Seads or Golden Wonder, sells rapidly in the
g hands of the right kind of mnen, and we want none other. Now if you think you
r, are the man for the work, forward your order, name your county, and go to work;
s you can sell a gross in a few days, without a dolubt. We hav e one mian who buys
on an av, rage three gross per week, and his orders are increasing rapidly, and le Ie
has a smnall county, (Berks Co., Pa.) He writes thatt hle expects to sell one gross I
d per day, at retail, the cominag season, not counting wholesale. You have the priv
ilege of selling wholesale or retail, or putting it on conuniissior with druggists, or
Sselling by snh-agents. Thisibusiness is wortli the attltion of good men landl men
Sof eapital. Should you make btt reasonable wages-say $100 per month for the
first three months (many make more)-you would nevertheless he establishing a
. business that would pay you lirgely in the end.
Agents are doing better with our Remedly than anything else they ever took
hold of. Why is this 7 Because the Remedy does just as we say, and our agents
can warrant every bottle. No cure, no pay. Knowing that we make all losses
- good, shouldl they he called on to redeem a bottle, agents run no risk of loss.
Seven Seals or Golden Wonder is put up in $1,0o and 50 cent bottles, elegantly
, finished iln neat and appropriate wrappers, and packed in nice boxes, one dozen in
Seach box.
S To druggists our scale of prices are-Large size, $1.00 bottles, per l)ozen, $8.00
11 small size. 50 cent bottles, per dozen, $4.50.
We give special,terms to our Counity Agents at such figures that they can sell
1- to ldruggists and country. stores at the above price and mnake a handsome profit.
Ws e also give an
Extra Premium to Agents!
Is In order to have live, energetic men to take bold of the business at once, we
have concluded to give free gratis to oeach and every agent a present of a handsomue,
' fine
Coin Silver Hunting Watch, Free,
Beautifully emgraved, and correct tinme-keeper, worth $20,00, and a certificate of
I; agency giving OLE CONTROL of such conaty as the agent may select (not al
e, ready taken); alid, furthermore, all orders coming from sulch counties as the agelit
C, may select, will be sent back by us to the agent to be tilled-in fact we give sole
control of such counties as long as the agent continues ii the butsiness. Reemember,
the Premium Watch is given gratis to tihe agents. We take this plan to have our
Great Remedy quickly and thoroughly introdluced. Let us hear from yon at your
earliest eonvetieance, atnd secure your county at once, before being taken by some
one else. Remember, this offer is open for a short time only.
-00
A. mall Capital IRequired to Run a Large Paying Buiness.
The capital required is very small, and the profits from it will fully equal that of
thousands of nmercrhants who have invested a large capital in their business. Hun
dreds in all parts of the conntry are making from $1.500 TO $5,000 A YFAR.
And hundreds more will date their success tfrom accepting otr liberal offer at this
time. Any one willing to work for success can force it, but those who believe that
it can be had from idleness are not the kind of men we want to push our business.
We want
A LIVE, ENERGETIC AGENT.
As one such is worth a dozen who expect a bnusiness to push itself. We have spent
in pushing our business ONE HUNDRED THOUSANUDDOLLARS.
It has paid us todo it, and it pays our agents, as it advertises it thouroughlly in
every State, County and Township in the United States-not only for us, ibut for
the Agent Reomember, th i is a life business and that every year it grows larger
We will send to parties contemplating to act as our Agents a SAMPLE DOZEN
BOTTLES securely packed with our difterentPosters, Bills, Show Cards, Termns, etc.,
UON THE RECElPT OF 62.50. And all sending $2.50 for Samplrel Dozen, we
will send free of charge. Samples of our Eight Elegant Shromos, etitled:
1 Good Morning I GoodNigh t "'eeding te CThicken. I Mlother's Grave ! Oat
Sof the Frying Pan ! Bo Peep! Bealdinag the Bible ! First Lesson !
If you want'your county, let us know as soon as convenient, as the territory may
be takenu. We would be pleased to have parties who contemplate taking an agen
cy, t o send for Sample Package of this wonderful Remedy before engaging larg5ly
· iu the busines."
RE*SMBER, WE GUARANTEE EVERY BOTTLE.
NO CUORE! NO PAYI
With these suggestions we leave the matter with you. We do not wish you to
engage unless you will tollow the bnsiness as a business, and really desire to make
money. We want none'but honest, conscientionaus menn To such we will guarantee
i sueee. Addrees all ommunications to
:Slo Pro i Pa.
'bUBWi wa sit7Rsw kst~tae~
4·c·iiSS o SS t~r~ l~~iqfisdet
VICIK 5
FLORAL GUIDE
For 1876. t
SUBLIMSIED QUARTERLY. JANV'A
ry Number ju:;t issued, and contains ur
tver 100 Pages, .500 Il graving, descrip- l
tions of more than .,t00 of our best Flow- I
era sunt IgetlCbles,. with dit'ections for cul- cia
tilre, Colored Plate, ttce. The most use.- gr
till and elegant work of the kind in the in
world. Only 25 cents for the year. Pul,- del
lished in English and German.
Addre's, .1AMES VICK,
Jan. il6-ly. Rochester, N. Y. j
ALL PAPERS QUOTE FROM IT! ".,
THE
Detroit Free Press.
The liveiiest of family ne'wsp:apers, fill cal,
I of interesting news, literature, huImorous te'l.
sketches, spicy IaraLralhi, etc'. Sample e
Copies free. Subscription $$2 00 a year, 1110
post-paid. Address the
DETROIT FREE PRES. ed
Detroit. Mich. e
cdt
NEW YORK TRIBUNE I a
The Leading Amelieau Newspaper. I'li
THE BEST ADVERTISING MEDIUM. uie
Daily, $10.00 a year; Semi-Weekly, od
$3.00; Weekly, $2.00 cle
POSTAGE FREE TO TIE STISCI- cha
BER. sto
Specimen topies a:i1 advertising rates
free. Weekly, in clubs of 310 or lt'e, pes
only $1.00, postage paid. Addrcs an
THE 1'TRIBUNI:E,
New York.
ARTIIUR'S ILLUSTRATED) se
HOME MAGAZINE
FOR 1876.
Bright, cheerful, progressive, always up
to the advaneing thought of the times.
The Hloilme Magazine takes rank with the
leading and most influential periodicaels
of the day. It is on the side of temper
:ance Wood trtcl ehristiau morality. What
ever is hurtilul it condeiinus without
fear or favor, and makes itself felt in the
homes of the people as a power for good. u
The Great Household Magazine of
America, is more thoroughly identified L
with the people in their home and so
r cial life than any other periodical in the n
country. >
"Deborah Norman ; her work and her
reward." A new serial story by T. 8.
Art hur will be commenced in JIanuary.
"FIFTY YEARS AGO; or the cabins I
of the West," by Rosella.Rice. We an- i
f nonuec this new series of articles with a
t real pleasnre. knowing as we do that it
will be atmoug the 'most attractive that
we shall oiler or our readers next year. i
Miss Rice, besides holding the pell of a c
ready writer. has in her possession a large
amount of original material front which pi
to draw, and a wide acquaintance with
people whose personal reminiscence are
rich with pioneer incidents and experi- D
e CIes.C
"Homtes for the People," a series of ad- g
e mirably suggestive articles oil hoimes andti
how to make them pleasant and attrac- *
e tive, Iby Mrs. E. B. Dutffey.
"The Story Teller." This department
will be unusually rich. Besides an
ao bundance of short stories, two or three u
el serials will be given during tihe year. I
"Pipsissiway" P'otts the inimitable de- Z
t lintator of homec li' and cha;ralcter, will
Y have an arti.:le in every number.
Butterick's newest patterns for ladies'
antid cheiltdreus' tdresse. are given by spe
cial arrangement every month.
The lMothers' I)epartnment will he care
fillly edited ailnd have suggestive articles
front our best and most experienced 'ri
ters.
The Hotsekeepers' )Department will lie
flll snd practical, alnd contain many con
tribntions from experienctled housekeep
ens.
u "The Lion in Love' and "The Interrup
ted Reader," two largeo and splendid pre
niutm engravings. One of these is sent
free to every subscriber.
e $2 50 a year is the price of ARTHUR'S
a ILLUSTRATED HOME MAGAZINE.
In clubhs; 3 copies for $6; 6 andi ol0e ex
s tra to the getter up of the club 812. 10
c andt one extra $20. i 15 ecnts mnust
, be added to each subscription for pre
Spayment of postage for the year. Spe
r cimen niumbers 15 cents, in currency or
a postage stamps.
T. S. ARTHUR & SON, '
Philadelphia, Pa. "
SWILLIAMS' MOWER S REAPER A
SEMP, BIRG & CO I
hle south Mainsitrw w eeld Louis
r, Andl pleme state In wbat paper ryoa red thS
I EYERY FARMER HiS OWN UILLER.
CHALLENGE 'FEED MILLS8
Combined
" 8HLLER AND GRINDER
is Feed, whether wetordrv
witheUlheSn md and p
aan
at Osage Corn and Cob MIills.
ler a.eris as Prlses aeMIs
in SEXPLE, BIRGE & CO.,
or alesmtartsm Ar-,telrallapteammts ls8p.
or ceIties It leardwar,
13 Rtoth Mal SEt., BT. LOUlm.
N Cvem meanuos Iluwbtt 9r oe nrethW
STHE DUBOIS PATENT
to COTTON GIN.
T e Highest Premium, at the State Fetes at
Toeato ,  Team Jeehoa e Miss., adSelema, Ai
Pate me.win th asn d ate e Lawass
prpertUla tj p s ht what
aUsUPau,353 ebC.,r
U lase. .Em . BY. 11 5jse
4B1I ··, · ;-·, :;..
w' YO O lt IOU1Llj TAKE
THE CINCINNATI ENQUIt
It is tihe Po'lhle ' palIW,', devutei
their interests and \\elhare. %
It is 'u1 impalrtin fri,,hd to all toca
meilasres that hlnefiit the counlit ],a
It is tihe cl llliy ("2 all wmet and
lure.' that st'ek only PI'ersoVillt gallj
expo use of the toaunry'. welfare.
Its dtiitorial cohuinnls are for the
cial purpo.Ste of expolsing the fra
government officials, and laws coaut
in laungageca hulattde to deceg.e tihe
derstanding, and make plain to itm
CrS the motivc.s c:Lust"s and ettet
general antid slpcial leh.iglative acte.
Its tews colnmlis rotiltin the La
new- and intelligence ;hat can 1ol),t,
cd t from the tnur (quarTerS of the "
,by ieiIns ofi tlhe telgrapli, i
corl'c' ºHºIid t-rlrespo In
Its agriculitral (columnt s are tihbe
adapl'ted to t,,he wlllts of fanunem, .a
whom 1 are invited to give their eltp
ence and relsillts of iew ideas an- a
primnlll'Its of all k itndl of iImplro-etlyr
calculated to advance ile ftaring i,
terests.
One issne of the Enquirer ecotaij,
more Molid inutonmation and int"11];.ei
thanll ll Clie had frolt fifty of the o
cti literary Iper'''. Non,' can laymi
the Iniqulnirer without admitting a l
ail, addition to his or her stock ofkjl
edge.
Its mar:l'ket reports lihave for eIaI
aclnoawleldgd as the miost colophete
reliable hubilishedi, and of great valhtl
Stock Dars, Prl'noducers and T
m111 geunerally.
It has d.paistments and readingf orat
old a:id the younlg. FIor the familyei:
cl alnd thie coluint ilg hliouse-Forthem
ehlait land iiechanic-Ior the famer ad
stock dialer, and for ladies and entle:
mlel of every calling anld station tn life:
Its ternis are low as any tirst clam
per can be printed for, a11l the qeali{y
uand ,lnantity of reading matter uwed _
exc(lled by any other paper.
Try it for this year. A Chroma !
every $2.0.)O Subscriber Send yourth
scriltion direct to the office.
R. R. R.
RADWAY'S READY REI.F
CURES THE WORsr PAINl
In 'rom One to Twenty Minutgh
NOT ONE HOUR
ter re!ingttlBs adrertisemeat need aaaiy
EI'FPERL WITHI P.IX.
ItADWATY' READY RHITPF IS A CURglSg
LVER.Y PAIN.
It was the first and i
The Only Pain Remned
that instantly stops the mosteierneiautg palse, i
Intlemmanohs, and cures t:cestiolns. wuhllrg
Lungs, stomach, Bowels, or other gladaerdoe
neaspplicatioa.
IN FROM ONE TO TWENTY SIJCIT,
so matter hew violest or exereistiatng the sg' I
RIIU.MATIt!, liel -rddea. Inlirm, 'rppled, Kl
Neuralgic, or prostrated with disse. mysal,
RADWAY'S READY RELg-p
* WILL AFFORD INSTANT EAL
INFAMIIATION OF TIIR KII)NRYS.
INFLAMM31ATION Ot TIHE g3Y.i
INFLAMMATIOS OP THu BOWELS.
CONGSOTION OF TRN gII
8031 THROAT, DIPFI':UI.T BREATIIJ,
PALPITATION O(iW tE[lE t i
IYSTERICS, CROUP, DIPIITERIA.
cATARRH, DILUUI,
HEADACHE, TOOTIACHII E.
COLD CHILLS, AGUEI CtIIL s.
Theappllcationafthe Ready ReHlefieute
parts where the pin or dUalicuty isatswillaadst
and colrlortL
Twenty dropsinhlfatutmbler of water witlntas
aomeni cure CHLRAM l',PASilS,itURTOIA ,
BIARTBUIN, SICK HEADAIAacHF. D1IARR0I1
DYSENTERYCiT (.IC, WIND iN T8 wM
alldall I 'TTERAl PAINS.
Travelers should always carry a bottl at f i
Way's Ready Relief withthem. AfeodralMe
water wiliprelent sicknaes or pits frolm otsg
Water. It ts better tWan Frea=h Ira i4 r IIgs wg
stimulant.
' FEVER AND AGOL .
FEVER ANDAGUeored foraflltypS. Ihn E
kta remedih lageutin this world tiats l ll eael
And Anue. and all other Malarisuls,il,
Typhold. Yellow, and rther asFelrsl_~_LI3
WAY'hI sdlsequlick as liDWPdI -
LIEP. FRlycentsper bottl:.
DR. RADWAY'S :
THE CREAT BLOODPURIIE /
BOYli UNIER1IND OES UNDKERItro I -
OF Ttll TLrYi WOnDeRFUL N
THRAT
at W#eihit sSeen UaI li
rEvery drop ot the RARiSaPARILTRAN 3...,
VENT comm nAll ASSthrough the lioe, Swat, "
and other Fluids and juices of the yasmi I
l f for it rpairs lhe watte of the boay wlth iWI -
Ot ana mlOril Srofala Sy'phl s, ConssPasl .
(llswtulsr disese. UCears In the n r t olltrat, Mt,
ioa, Nodeitth e Olantsandtlaer a other artbe i
Soreeyus, $trilmoroaSilsLchrga rl Ita the EI, .
the worst forms of Sini disageS, Erautitn, e~
Stres, tcald i. Ad, ir WRnolmlaieult , -ha ') P
Acne, iltltsp , WtanlUI ti leF Tu _ , -
elLint le Womb, and all wrakelnuig adil S
charges. NigidSwaSI, L s .. afbperm adlailW
the ltfe prlneispl are within It eumranb el .ef,
wonderti Mod ern nCentlhy,. ondafew dys' e s;
rove torany person anutiigttedir i
ies paoeuttpower oeu.i te
tibe patient, olilerming rah- .
aIddeeomppnhtlon thatis I.atintanaualy4Pl"Zf5VJN'
leedatnarreattoabhsastes.ranlre!, pialrtb
w aih newmater lmoinde n from helrhiy bl t-41
bheIA nrISAPAIIhIAN wila alld asaes wh
Isn cstaa dpr sr hen one the reelis eomhhcI. -
workotpurltsiston . raid ,nereh it a -n
iemslf.sa. lts reneri willhe rapid. aad"o
the foddlditatlul better,apptLUS IU'l'&q'"-
and weieht Inenresdg.
Notoiely doe sthc s55UI W tsei
allkownrenedslp eatsts the sy'rsr f
loall, Constltutlonal, a ion I da-essin a -
Is. oilolru c Bire fo e
itoppaenfWsnler, lutoltmeetltrt rile, r til
With nhaneeta s lkethe wmhteorfan r.,e g 'ay:.;
whlIeall, orthrlsW Artal. m rLhill J -
ante and white bone.dasdaratl. ail wb "
aiprlcng. rall, tne boe eatnae dhe rrsei.
-aer Bo.wes LD v Y rer. DGr-eN
Cured Rb "BAIUROAD TRUE.ui
1nktui p iibglilh
veampr BoWel l & dco.. o..er WarreVol
eaidache, Onaipati V-na i~ap
pprta .Ifriosnew. Bl ousa Feder si
Itowel s Pile., and all ngeU.p..u0o5a
Visera.Wrrsaned t efert a p nitttfash
Plafina orltbe i oantn abl liplaf. pa
ol_ St eotl) n BY R (tothei
tamPADWY Con W ood PtIarr
oe mp leBit
Patent Metal Lined. 'o
war Pas l
weesg oftbO0m
S9eIplO Birge & Oi
WIs ehm alese laIw Ae*4P***S