li:ur.i' s 'ct4ly is b eemiiig frai:k
and even rtngh in its,. attacks upol.
president Gralt. Htore is one of its is(
itest utterances :Thu
"Tile President is the individual 1'
who could do most for the party, both Al
by his words and his deeds. Noho
dy can spfak and act for him ; and it c
s more his nets than his words that'
.ave injured it. Those acts are not. q
to be attribuiteid to an ill purpose, but 1(li
alten, wet are very sure, to a iusta- p
Sgooad 1:c!ilng and a 1nisc)lne - 1.1
o*, f the Io.u.rl i nd i"llersonal obli- held
Gil
ti.os of Oflici ld position. For in ;,
iranee, what can b1e urged in (tfenlce ,
of tlle appoiintlmnet to high and hotg- ,
'ble place of1'glmtlemenl wholn their
.,"districts lihas just rejected as te-'''
pjentatives ? Mr. Maynadib:r was
lately appointed po.ymaster in the sv1d
arJy after be had bIeen considered
r~-a rejecte by the Senate in full par
.it syipathly with the President. An
ýigasIent iarv be made for such ac
tion, but the intent of the Constitu
lion 11po that Aulijeet is felt by lt hc
country to he very plain, and there
pgnst be some extraordinary reason
that could authorize the President toi
iisiegard it. It seemOs ttI be H SRlalill
'thing; but a chip shlows the current.
The people see every thing, and the
final verdict upon a party :anld all
Sdministration is derived from just
such observation. It is not necessary
to suppose that the President is a T
moral monster, or a black-hearted
conspirator against public liberty, or is
less patriotic than the rest of us, be- *
cnase of acts which show a mliscon- i
ception of oflicial duty, bat such acts be
ae s1one the less .politically fatal in
.theadlnds of thoughtful melet
"The President, who, as we say,
:could do so much to: restore to tlhe
"glepubliean party its old prestige and
ita hold upon large numberr of old
i Iepisblicans who are now alienated,
will evidently do nothing. His. ap
parent disregard of the expression of
public opinion as "clatmor,"' his read
aess to believe a charge against any
nablio ogieer to be umere hostile spite,
j 1aihre is feel the real' movement At
ofthe public mind, and the character, A
ofaunch of the counsel wlrich lie fol-,
$fiw all forbid the expoctation that
he will take the lead in doing whai
wakt be done. Waiting for hin is C(
iper drifting, and drifting on: a lee th
shore." ve
* IR r AL BR TArss TiIN :MCfRNTxr
new era in the annals of 3nedi- gi
Alcohol will soon be banished
tom tie list of remediesa and only le
k ir'as i f 6 ion.ih. Dr. Walker's
gIA'riaVinegar Bitters, composed
entfiely of wholesome botanic ex
tigal iad Juices are everywhere an- ti
prsieding the fiery astringents, which
m a or womah ever yet took with
bfitterly repenting their credulity.'
re no disease, acute or chonic,
ik*wdich the new tonic may -not be
administered with beneficial eifet.
'IHarpers' Weekly" saty: "Noth
ina the olifaI lutui'os clearer
tbn that, if the. Itepublicexs cannot 1
'e theiie infubus of a thidr term,
4bliah ;t' t thIey' do not seek t
thir PatUoses. by unestianable con
itiotonal means, the result in Con r
jjpl.tig foreshadows, that in the
country." ? -
,: It is asertek as a fact that, every
vYtrseer who has turned his atten
ti tolhe introduction of the New
ily 8ewhr g;Macbtle in his Iocal
IZie. who has been fortunat enoughl
r aure an-agency, hIma outstrippedl
bestefffodrtas, i making money1 of
otot hua tibfe&'Agents of the high
ed[ eurtines,, whliil latter they
t paiep The demalld is etuor
hsuasamdsales so rapid anmtd money
59e~dily with, oe little eifort
WTri, eThn iehn, tpecnla
.ro dockiug into tle; ,busi-.
as they can .Scre .terri
nd get hteirgoolds on the
rvelol, how -these machines
th ti d, it bniug, a recog
A ~*iith he pele *111 buy
est atthe lowest price. 'It cer
k41 Olpaine of the tiuiIIts
itSi.aiame work,,as a~th;er
e anten hot cost half tihe
'i .a "artide, for
Sto see the vast
I periorms at so low
t ftats are.daily in.
er" mtingils of the
- a liol Ma6ines which
anuOteatlIbounded
SIt .proes. to be!
*everj day, by
etc, o have a
aay easans of
ifoie , to.its Bolid
pa rtl!ie whetr-!
'lent Dollars for. a
pletwing Malhilke
ttet: W advfse
at ee for -your
M.btlier, Sister or
a.. make money y.ur
,lie- AtteAiments
.ab-ilftiuaI ad dif
, i.i..4484Y a18e. L
4 ar: _ aota
Srota her
16c.
-re
r. *fl
'* 0srni
y _ oe
py~j«_ý.4
17 t
i ' t; r.-Iu grrnt suppely. Liverpool .r ,,1... E,
at '2 L! p ':. 'r k. ],hl" "ino 5a,.'3e hi. ,J .
.1;s:,. t mut. :s.-*oue blut rve in l:ll''K t. n\iii l :
is q notted at,1 a1 per bushel.a , .
I;o: Trs.--lThe iurket is In good snp!,pl.
The arZowv is held at 10 and the button at i,:.
1):' nI, t'111 .
MI .\ -s..-Scare~. Choiso Loriinsia is 1,e
in,-ll, '; At-; plrlhto' itec. per gallon. Ily the
Co.iu. () L--1. in gcI ,supply and is held a:
t '10. pir gallot .
'Tolt.u \ 0o- pdlllrly good. Good mnediin: is
quoted at t.3. and dini, bright at 94e. aI -& per
Sjpoitldl.
CoE:.--'Thr s~nly, is lTi lit'd andl demaml
good Prin,e' at 2"i tiidd'chloie at -
;r;.-N. (Cartitna in market. Louisiana is
held at l'e. per pound.
Co:.--Is in good s'opply but no demaund.
S nr.-Extra clirv ler iOe.
S~ ;. t-LouiMsiana prime is qluoted at :- y"l
lhtw liarilhed @' I2.c; crushedI nd powdered it
1. W;'Iir.-WIiito and Red ero hlld at 1 301
' r lp - trollo ; lo l']0ul ltintu l ads I ',; 0l ter p g1l1
loIn.
Sur OT.-Ts In lgrid supply with fair ldetnanld and
sold at 2 75 per'sak anud bhck shat at :3.
a' ',IIe.--h' supply is limited and is held
NiEW ADVE1RTISEMET'1S. "
JBE. LEWIS
S-REVEF RT LA.
Dissolution of Co-partnership. a
rýllE CO-PARTNEI'RS!IlP hcretofre i,
1 existing ; etweten WVixs.anto &, K FI.u EI
is this day dissdvted by mutual eonsent.
S. Winharg a.s;nmes all the liahilities oft
s'tid( firm,; and all debts duo 5said firmn will
bo paid to hint tfrthwith.
S. "'IN1.LG. '
Natchitoches, La., May 8; 1875.
MARTIN & SMITH, ,
-STEA M
SAW MILL,
Six miles south of the city of Natchitoches
PRICE:
At the mill,l er M........ $5.00 to $10.00
r2 Delivered in town,per M.,..........14.00
t ji TAKIE pleasure in informinhg the ]
V V public that we ar. prepared to take
a CONTRACCTFS to unild cabins. furnishiug
e therefor, lumber, material and labor,.at
very low ri tes.
BOX COTTAGE,
A with gallery, 14x18 feet, complete, shin.
- gled roof, pult.pp for $125.00
ii BOX CO'TTr~ AE, 12x15 feet, with gal
,lory, complete, put up for $100.
SPlanters and others will find it to their'
d iitoreat to give us a call.
Orders ]eft at this office or with Louis
)Dapleix, will mInt with .prompt atten
tion.
ti MARTIN & SMITH.
I- April 10-1:y.
LANDI LAND! LAND ! T
A Rare Opportunity Offered to ji
Farmers of Limited Means.
an
AM OFFERING to sell the following Li
Sdescribed parcels of land on the liberal tk
terms set forth )blow: ti
One tract of 378 acres, situated twelve
miles south east, of the city of Natchito
ches, and about onu mile west of Old to
River. Two hundred acres under fence, 4t
one hunldred and lifty acres open and.
abhout one hundred in cultivation this'
year. The other improvements consist 1ns
of for orhfive log cabins, gin and press d
small orchard, with a spring of fine
water. Good steam saw iill within four
mile of the place. I will sell this place
at ten dollars per acrd' one sixth cash,
'the balance in: 1, 2 3, 4, and five years,
without interest. Four-fifths of this
placee is fine fresh allavilt river soil, and
will yield 40 to 50 bushels of corn or a
bale of cotton to the acre
Adjoining the above, I have 583 acres
of the same character of unimproved
land,. which I will sell at 65 per acre, in
equal annual- .instatlhnents, without in
terest.
I also have 320 acres situated between
Red River and Bayou Iierro, about six ai
miles from the city of Natchitoches, all
fine river bottom land, what is, termed ti
"Buckshot" land, tweo:hndred acres oppn,
Sgiln, cabins and fences almost entirely
destroyel I will sell this place for $5
3 er acre,Citsh, oi $8 per acre, one-fifth I
r cish,.the balanes in five equal annual iut- ,
stalliments, without interest. .
I have still another tract of 132 acres
ofgood level hill land, situated one mile h
"froni theo above described place, and im 1.
mediately ontlie Grand Ecoro and Texas
t road, five miles front the city of Natchi
I toches, land' *ell timbered with pine,
, oak and hickory. Improvement consist i
e of double log dwelling house, log kitchen,
i smiaki-housc, small orchard of figs, plums t
It if sth.'Xfes 'dt"lStes ofopseu hind,
Sall he lmldingil-sa little 'out of repair,
though occupied this year. On this placo
i ii#z ifae~austible well of the finest
" si i1".tbie parish. Twill sell this place
qfl_ idthird cash, the balance
fI iniEtiiý ltyears, without interest.
d ."T'6 Ei hter wishing to make larger
, cais t. .will make liberal de
1 dult a OW s ioice ns,iPA
1- I b e"o tiiosie'for any .M ti being
r ithout a'home'of ii, own 1. my terms
a ils.o liabtt}hei t ptfual payments
a only..;u44tPt aa
* April 40-1y. - . itclitisee, La.
' 'R AMME LL'dS
(Five Milefrqum Natchitookewe4
h, 50.000 Feet tf Lumber for Sale.
its. o 5 ti10I bollars, (licorditig to
if quait pr- M. at the Mil.
r- `p:: j t i ; Natchitoshes, at $14
ill 3-$emP
1 o'er}
N o c o M,,P-1R o' M !:aIL
*; *fONT ý BE3T,
I M O W A R E ,
gt :
1"O hrices
s" C ý o I;ºu
Rome ` Me XK RN & CO.,.
40i
ma Octreete
:T,~g~~c·-'~I , ·
WEEK
events
T1 GilI i lltilE,1111
hmTg l plr y for ii dia rest l a O
will .vm y a ur of uff at
A k tyis a
nlto th
Is eluilenttly a Family' Medicine ; nind 1 bi ar tl:he
being hkept ready fir iinnwdlinto 'sm'e't of the d
Imany a dollar in tima and doctors' bill. of
After over Forty Years' trial it is still structiv
receiving the most unqualified Iestillo- It is t
nials to its virtues fronti peirst s :f the the est
highest charlncter and respinsibili :. It will
Eminient physicians conuneud it as the praifint
lllOst print no
EFFECTUAL LSPECIFIC ins
For all diseases of the Liver, Stomach contain
and Spleen. ronma!Ict
The Simptonms of Liver Conlplaint are and legi
an bitter or bad t.aste in lh mo Ionthl 'Th
Paui in tihe' ac'k, Sides or Joints, ottr u 1 n nntn
mist;kcen fier Rheumatism: Sour ,Stlu- l1 its
-cell; Loss of Alppetite; htwls alt, rnatt' - Theh
IV costive :land lax; [eadalche: Los:, of
lLemLIory, with a painful seltsa:tion of hav- pitics
ing tilet to do sonmtthing which oug lht t is l
to have. been done; Dclhility, Low to10 1
Spirits, a thick yellow alpei'arinwe or Ie ot
akin anld Eyes. a dry Cough oftenu nm.- ion te
taken thr Consunlption. threatl
Soinutinls nmany of these nlymptomnls istit
attend the disease, at othelrs vry fewiv ; :htu
li;a the Liver, the largest organ in the nd
body, is generally tilth seat of the disease, C 'h
and if not liegulatsd in time, great suin- l
lfeing, wretchedness and Death will cn- asohn
For Dyspopsia, Constipation, Jaafudice, h I
Bilious :attacks, Sick Headache. Colic, ln1 ti
])epression ,of Spirits, Sour Stomach, an
Hart Burn, &c., &c. pays cx
'The Cheapest, Purest and Best Fami- art no
ly Medicine in the World!
Manufactured only by tiou. 1
J. H-, ZEILIN & CO.* oioi
Macon, Ga., anud Philadelphia. cost of
Price, .1.00. Sold by all 1)ruggists. of sub.
March 27, 1875.--y. get up
ly Sun
$50 REWARD.
W:AS.STOLEN.from the undersigned THE
Y on the uight of the 20th ult., aB ay fifty-si
Mare Mule, five years'old, no brands re- jiostag'
collected, has the marks of an old iistua rule.
on the shoulder. I will give fifty iol-. THE
r Lars for the mnule and tlhief, or twenty-five newsp:
dollars for the recovery of t he illile alone. Daily
WM1. M. LEVY. .newrs f
April 10--f.prep
CONSUv VPTION CURED. per cot
-To the Editor of "Tie 'People's ~ihlicltor :
S ESraEEMn' FI ID :
Will you please inforti your readcrs
0 I have a positive
CURE FOR CONSUMPION
and all lisorders of the Throat andi
Lungs, and that, by its use in niy prac
l tice, I have cured hundreds of cases, and
i ill give We
$1,600 0() mnuml
Sthat '
I for a case it will not benefit. Indeed, so the e
stroug is my faith, I will send a SAMP'LE, ;1 rl
id rISEE, to any sult'f;er altddressing min. f tli
s Please show this letter to any one yon servi
it may know who issuiffering frot these intfan
. diseasis, and obligo, s rn L
Faithfiilly Yours, hold,
r Dr. T. F. BURET, jouro
S (9 William St., New York. ain
, March G.--ly, our c
is itpaieI
& Conse
a 185. AGAt1iN 1875 se
Cs tioi r
(1 LOUISVILLE WEEKLY t
-COURIER JOURNAL ar
n Coutinnes for the present year its liberal
i arringenleut, whercly, oln the 31st of
Deednber, 1875, it will dlistribute ilipar- Th
tially among its subseribers, ld
lootoO a
t In presents, comprising (Greenbacks and
it nearly one thousand useful and beautiful nee
articles . c .otrt
S Thile Courier-Journal is a long-estab- co
le lished, live, wide-wake, prtogresive, and
newsy, bright and spicy paper.
as No other paper ofters such induct ments o I
Sto subscribers and clubl agents Circulirs litic
iC, with full particulars miand specimen cop- then
iestR sent free on application.
n, Terlums, $2.00 a year and liberal offers niO
n1 to clubs. th
> Address, W. N, HALDEMAN, te
ir, Pros. Courier-Journal Co., Louisville, Ky e
ice
est cans
ace IFITS CUREDI FREE!! couf
Any person suffering from tihe albove
ger disease is requested to address Dr. Price,
ao- and a trial bottle of mledieine will be 1
forwarded by Exlpress, 1
ing FREE!
ms The ouly cost being the Express char
ges, which owing to my large business, ip
are small,. of J
La. Dr. Price bha made the treatment of b
- FITS OR EPILEPSY J
a study for years, and he will warrant a
cure by tbhe use of his remedy, .
Do lnot fail to send to him for a trial
bottle; it costs nothing, and'ho
WILL C1RE YOU,
Sno matter of Eoi* Idng standing your Ii
case may be, or how imany other reme
dies may have failed,
S Circulars and testimonials sent with
FREE TRIAL BOTTLE. -
Be particular to give your Express, as
$14 wvell as your Post Oice direction, and ,
Dr. Chas. T' Price,
67 William Street, New York.
I March 6.--ly.
Mr
Sinnott's Line. Os
Yo
Spring and Summer Arrangement. '
an
Fo a4Eadetoe, ntoimey,'Alexandria ks
Pr
SPineville, Norman's,. Earbin's, a
Fort DeRussy,
And All Way Landings,
The A ! Magnificent and fast
runnting esde-wheel passenger
packet
. ,.. ARTT ABLE I,
G. C. Hamurox, I
T . J. Dowrr, Clerks.l
CO., T ILL leave New Orleans eveytSatnurday at
* 5 P. N., retnurnnlg leaves Grand ore
every Tuesday as 12 N., and Alexandria every
- Wednesday at 1 L.
The steamer
C. H. DURFEE.
I a mpr e weeak in r t,- l
t71 C tLAL
WEEKLY AND I)AILY FOR 1`75
The :approach of the Presildential eite
tion gives ullsual imnportanle to thl
events and dlvelolpnmen of :87,. W e o
shalll endeavor to dlesciibe the'-'l fllyv,
f ithfnlly, and fiarlessly.
THE \VIEiKLY SUN has now nt(.iiu
1, a( circulatlion of over sev,:,i1t; I ,ho- ,
stud copies. Its re:adeis are f-uwl in
every State andl Territory, and it!; qi li
ty is well known to-the public. We
shall not only endeavor to keep it folly 1
lupto the old standard, but to imlpr,ove
anld add to its variety anti power. Mil
TUE WEEKLY SUN will continue to i)
he a thlrVtugh newspalper. All the ,tws m\ n
of the dtl will hie fomiul in it, cildels:- i
cd wlen unitljitrtlant, at fill] lengthl att
when of monlunt, andl idways, we tl'ust art
treated in a clear, interesting and in- ,.
structive manner. a:
It is oart a1im1 to make the Weekly Sun k,11
the best family newspalper in the world. to
It, will he full of cutt:rt:abaing tail up- mi
prolri:ldt reading of Ever.y 'tort, but will I
print nothing to offriai the most e.:r:1- mt
lous and delica:te' taste. It will always 7
conlltin the Inost intcre'sting Stories and 1 e
ouml!Ices of the day, carefully selectd till
andt legibly printed. pe
The Agricuiltural Deparltment is aof
promllinent ifatture inl th, ti .ekly Sun, a,
antl its articles will always be fondl ai,.
frcsh and useful to the fai'uler. All
Thel nmrlllllllº (if men inlependent in a (
pliitics is increasing, and the Weekly Va
Sur, is their paper especially. It belongs nfl
to ;o oparity, and obeys no dictation, con- II
teunding fIr principle, and tfor the election jor
.of the best t'hen. It eXpos5s tio co'ru1p- ot
bion that .lisgrames the country and til
threatens the orft'brow of repnlklic:an ,1
institItions. It has no t ear of knaves, 111
gand sel-ks no iavors from their sulpport- ch
CI'S. Io
The markets of every kind and the fin
fashions are regularly ieported in its sh
columnus. its
The price of the WEEKLY SUN is one: he
dollar a 1y'ear for a sheet of eight pages,
and lifty-six columns. As this harely tt
pay' expellnses of paper and printing, we in'
are not able to make any discount or al- D]
low - tll ny l'l in lteiu to friends who nI| y it
mak;c splcial tllbrts to extend its Circula- Ye
tion. Under the new law, which re- is
lluire.s I,:lpaylent of postaige ill advance, ar
oiie.dollar a year, with twenty tents the ot
cost of prepaidal Iostate added, is the rate,
of subscription. It is not necesiairy to A
get up a club in order to have tlhe Week- pi
ly S11u at this rate. Any one who selids at
one dollar and twenty cents will get the i t
paper, post-1paid, ftiu a year. st
We have no traveling agents. ti
THE WEEKLY SU~N.-Eight pages, s(
fifty-six columus. Only $1.'20 a. year,
`postage prepaid. No discount from this A
role.
THE DAILY SUN.-A large four-pa go p
newspaper of twenty-eight colurWiit t
Dail]y circulation over 120l (100. Al1 the t
nHeWs for 2, cents. Subscription, postage p
eprepaid 55 coats a mon(th, or $' 50 a year. I
T'li clubs of 10 or ove~,. t dWonnt of 20
per cent. Addlre's, i
"TIHE SLR'i, :ieow York City. c
THE
People's VYinicator,
FOR .1875.
it
We take pleasure in annuoncing to the
luIlleroud friends of th6 VYINDICTOr ,
that we haive perfclctcd arranigelments for
i0 the :ontinuatiou of its publication upon11
a, : ;Arm basis. The lpubli are well aware
of the difliculties nnder which the Con
sn ervative press ot Louisiana labor; the
ý intlnamos printing law iass.d by a parti
san Lgislatnre, solely to fisnter and tiup
hold, at the expense of the tax-payers,
jouruals entirely antagonistical to their
interest, and at war upon their lib:1rties,
and by forcing, under the firtlns of law,
our citizens to advertise in these oflicial
ppapers, to break down their power, the
Conservative and Democratic press; oon
sequently we are etmlpelldl to depolnd
ifor support upon the genorous coutrill
tion ofa people already poIverty-stricklen,
itt we feel assnred that tlheiy w;ll ot
tfilil to sustain their m:ain power in the
w~r of virtlIue against.vice-
'The Fearless White Man's Press of
of Louisiana.
r The future tone of this paper can bo
judged from its past. We will .contine
to advcgate to success, the rights of the
TAXED, that honesty and clapability,
n ALONE, shall constitute grounds for po
litical preferment, and a continued and
never ceasing war upon Kellogg aid his'
eontrapt otllciF4s-knowing them to be in
common with their Chieif, both uasurlpers
, and thieves.
We can assure the pujhli that we will
not hesitate t~o attack the acts of Ztny po
'1s litical organization, whoen we believe
0 them to be antagonistic to. pmblio good.
We are the servant of no clique or party,
rs and intend sonlely: to protect and defud
the rights and l iberties, in our lionest
g way, of thle whole people-believing that
Swe- have o.donue sutlicient service in the
Scause of the 1EOPLE in the past, we
I confidently expect their support in the
fittare.
he 1 Copy 1 year.................. $3
1 " 0l nos..................... $2
(Inivarishly in advance.)
"ar- We furnish as D premflun to each paid
ss, up subscriber, fir one yoar from the first
of January, a fine STEEL ENGRAVING,
19x24 inches, of almost any Iitorical
sunlje'ct.
JAS. II, COSGROVE,
• Editor.
t a PELLI & AREAUX,
brial Publishers.
Allen's plsnet Tr Rand.
bMr.L and wRIILHOts. TRnin aew
.ile. "Theystow llkoachrm," a lddhoe
ýtlc hehnd roe;.te eFý,.
*.Lo' , MNo. CirsearJftee. A
L twant edinevery town.
" i a-l m atoinw sa p e you read
hS ~OWrld.
THE DEMOCRATIC PAPER OF
THE UNITED STATES.
WSit. Pulished WednesdasJ
Full reports of Farmers' Club, Live Stock
Marketof NelYWhrklY Alliany, Brighton,
Oanbridge, .and TPhilhdelplhii; the Now
York COnntry 'roduce MArket, itad Gen.
eral ProdIic Marke~ts of the Country,
and full RepoIrt of teio New York iMar
'Iet, ExbithtiVtvetSunmmary of thle News,
PractioaUfsi i tugi'at Departmentt, and
One copy. d oe r. ..$.... ... $2
_Fie eapiek, w a'yiS, tr, dsel ate ald
it  .,-.,.: .... , ......... i... 7
r Daily, Terums.-One copy, one yarr
- ...l s.. ................. 10 00
Senii-Wekly,, Terms..- One copy,
one .. . , '. ............ $3
Two copies, oeittesa iparately ad
re 8
ry 'IJ k Ilcgister$ Lbtter, P qffice
Mpe §do;or BanlkDraft. B set
b a c h ilvt b at thoe iiskE of. r
,w melt Copid. Poetre. t, "say oft;
all. orders and letters to.
S, New York City.
Art T, sht' !
fr3ssedtus fir I75--Eighth Year.
T1
'lIE ART JOUPR\NAL OF AMERICA, t!
ISSUE. ND 310T11LY. till
'A 3afitcltl'"nt, C~noce tion, wondlrthtlly
carriedl out." 11(
Tit' neircsity of :L popular mI'dinm for goietbr
he reprel.ental |o of th, prodlne ions of Har
Otr great artists, l^.; always I". e1 co!,- NE w
1.1d, a.nI' in y . ,':l0! t i h: 'e l evI lN of l
malet' to melt tho want. The :;v,',Csi\ t ' l
'il;urlss w!hith so inv:uaribly fll wid +i i r h
ttenipt in this country to t ihli.h an vari
rt journal, did not prove the iiadiflfr- t
ne' of the people of Ameriea to the clica
lairns of high art. So soon as a prone! per
ppreeiation ofthe want and an ability frti
n meet it were shown, the pitlie at tiiel
mhe rallied with enthilsiismn to its sap- E
tort. and the result was a 'reat a:rtist iF n1(
,,l eom,(ereiId trinniph-'T'llE AL JilNI pert:
TIHE ~IJlINE, while in'ud with :ll hie neeri
rinlariHy. has none oi Ih' t,'illorary or Rvu
i1y intelatrest charatehristic of ordiieryv plika
elri, iti 'ls. It is a: ele'gal t nis'llany Rail
f p're, light and giraceful literaturre; and Tel''
L collection of pietures. the anrest spehi- trii'
iutls of artistic slkill, in black amd white. F
lthol(gh each sueccedting numnier alfiirds Inve
. fresh pleasnre to its friendls. tho r'eal I'S E
ahlte iand 1euty of the ATIN w'ill he yli
morst appreeiated after it has heen hlomd lii I
ip at tlho close of the ye:r. 'While uothlr Il
nrenils ly' elaltim slperitior ch elapessas, 1 'a" l
ou;lnredl with ri:als of a similar elas, i;g
the ALDINEs is a unique alitl original con- Coil
reletion-- alone aold lnnilpliroaneled -- albo- A
Intely witlhout corpletition in price or SPr:v
chlarater. The 1mossssor of a colllete ante
volmne cannot dlllieate the qnant!ty of ing
ine lpaper and engravinhs in any other .to11
shape or neumnl;er of vholnws fwr ten times pl i
its cost: and thlen, there is the Chronio clul
besides! Vi!t
National featnre of' THE ALI)ITE D]'
must le taken in no narrow sense. TrueoI
art is rosmIopolitani. While 'lill AL- I
)INE is a :;trietly Amnerichn i;stiltuitioi, A:.r
it does not cOtnine, itse.lf entirely to the Soli
reproducntion of native art. Its mniSsi and
is to cultivate a bro:a ald appreciative wor
art taste, one that will d.scriminate only tion
on grounds Eof intrin~ae merit. Thnus thei
while placing iefore the imatrons of T'!E P
ALDI)JNE. nf a eIal'inhg 'nar:h.rteriiie, tho MII
prodluctions of the mo.st noted AImerican exai
artiste. attoltion will .lways hle iI\'en to not
specimelns fromn foreign tnastter, giving of
snbscriho?.s all the pleatsure and illst rue.- Ag
tion o'ltainable from home or foireign th
sollrCes. pR
l'lle artistic illistration of American ilv
scenery, original witl'TIEI ALI)INE. is Pai
ani iuportant fnature, and its magnitilent reel
plat4s are of a size more appropriatO to A
the satisfactort treatment of details Pat
than can bie fforned by any inferior N.
page. The judicious interspersion of Wa
Iandscape, marine, figure, and aninmal
suhiects. suntain an unabated interest,
iml.possillel where the scope of the worlk
confines tlhe artist too closely to a sinole
style of snljeet. The literature of T1lHE "
ALDINE is a light iand graceftit aiccn:
naniinent, worthy of the artistic fiea
tures, with only such technical disqrisi
tionls as do not interfere with tlw popu
lar interest of the work.
Premium (or 1875.
Every subscriber for 1875 will receive
a beantifuil portrait, in oil colors, of the
sane noble dog whose picture in a for
mer issue attracted so lmuch attention,
"MAN'S UNSEVLFIS11 FRIEND"
will lie , welcome in every home. Evce
rybody loves such a dog, and the po'trait
is execulted so true to the life, that it1
seemns the veritable presence of tlhe - m i
ieal itself. The Rev. T. De Witt Tl.- ex
nmage tells that his own Newibfoundland
Edog (thelinest in Brooklyn, harks at it!
Although so natural, no one who sets Ts
this premium chroeno will have thell
slightest fear of being bittern.
Ilesides tihe chromn, every advance r,
subscriber to THE ALDINE for 1875 is at
constituted a menmber, and entitled to
all the privileges of
THE ALDINE ART UNION. J
The Union owns the originals of all A
TTIE ALDNINE pictures, which, with c
I otlier paintings and engravings, are to
Ihe distribn'ed among the leonllbers. To
every series of 5.000 subscribers, 00 dif- A
a ferent pieces, valued at over $2,50 are
a distribntcd as gon as the series is full, ,
a and the awards of ea:ch series as made,
, are to be published in th neixt succeed
. ing aue of THE ALDINE. This fea
1 tare uoly applies tonsubscribhers who pay
s for one year in adivanlce. Full particn
a lts ill circnlar sent on application en
s closing a stanip.
1 TERMS:
SOne Subscriptioa, entilling to TIHEI
. ALDINE one year, the Clhronmo
anZ theArt Union,
t $0,00 per annum, in advance.
e No charge for postage.
o Specimen Copies of THEL ALDINE, 50 cts.'
The AulnE will hereafter be obtainablo
only by subscription. There will be no
reduced or clubl rate; cash for suibscrip
'3 tions must be sent to the publishers direct,
92 or handed to the local canvasscer, without
responsiility to the putlishers, only in
oCases where the certillcate is given, luear
id in tlhe fac-sinilo signaturo of James
't Stton, President
CA-~'visSEniS WANTED.--Any personm )who
I wishes to act permanently as a lotal iau
vasser. will receive tfill and prompt in
ormation by applying to
THE ALDINB OOMPANY,
58 Maiden Lane, NEW YORK
SrosIIELY . o cROMOS.
I'.'.
h. ,AN3UAT News.
'FOR 1875.
ck Contiining eervy eek FORTY COL
UMNS 'ft choice reading mat
w . ter, p~iuttl on clear, lmnd
.n -. some type, and tine
S white Paoler.
I E NEW8 is editced' by'the Daunn
'I ryNoews Man; is contributed to hy
George Alfred Townsend,: the .chief of
Noulepaper CorrespAndents, and ether
excellent writers, who will furnish freshl
Scorrespondoeuc from the leading oities,
and contttlbiitd to the editorial columns.
SThe NyWS. has ipbwnu' Scietific,
FashionlCheetand FPi e4itorm;,,pb
Slishes the bet origia matter, th best
miscelanxy, anl t'e freabest and best
Smiscdld.iy, and tl" freshest and best
storics . L. all its lepaurtments it is
5 edjtd .il atrupalo car iS, i
conselquence one o ' ct uaily
Jlee putbri1I~J p le Copies
-send for one. .
seut --- c
TI E s MR k or sWU PCR'FION:
e One Yesr ...v..... ...;.-; ;....*.:... .
8p igi ,Pot t p ast4ets .ad clube
. . Danburv, Uornn,
ThE BE3T €1°?. TR YUiT.
P O ST A G E I.t :i:c
eautifiuly l!l:st atcd.
'Th11S(h'I NTFIC A:',~ 41 1 ', N i1te,'; iin
it, : 'tl;h v:,: :r, ' enjo :: 1 ,' l\i; ,',t '' , " !]
t t,1 ii'. s e-n;.1 i ' i. i-. 1i, I't ' N. 1 o, ;'
pi er.l' ,iln i io'll t:.i itt . I ' , ,rt : itt i.' i to hl II
%NIw JrtIocS", ,nd iTinhro41v'd ItuhsiI trioe
of Nil kindse 'wt1f1 NotS, lirip4l - Sn,
teI tot's aniLd At iv 'e.i l y i a,'t1-ivl W } rit.l' .
1i,>r 1v,0,rk 41 anl IE:mlluoters. in al;l the
Svarious arts.
S'I'lle SC:IEX'TII'IC AMI:1EICbICAN is toe.
:che:nl4st ailld het illustrnateld wet11kly l'Gi- 1
per 1pblishei'ed. E]:vry lu::mh!r )1t,'Ini
11ro:1 It) tnt l ) 15 ;l'l l o 1n 1 l'lt t:t\' 11i1in1. I\\ ill t
mlclihinerv anld iivel invention:
.- NU'tANOS, iln:.tratig Iiljprove
iai (llnt, VD:isoveh. alli s ii or l .isr Ill' lilk
lu"' rtlainin gI 1 t en tii l lend thanieaI. Entli
eril nll , M37lli71.4iin,," 3 a: d Mvitallur,': •
j) 4 Iy s Ipr
i, ' a :d iot h .' thc tt l if'tp t14rl in ll e ill -
p It oiiils of : litaii l!. t St: l Eni lht(iiu i.iln , i
liilw:.ti. ShiVp tl lril(d oinl t n ist ting iil
STeli,'iralh\, Te'l " grapIih Engireei. si', Elee
ti lty, a'hLti tis.m, I'ight nr ofte ol. i
Irt (I' S, To 'citSil.. Enlr1 i rctc to tir.
Iniivelntior. ,, y , l II l,.tur i ',. ;he ,is Lov
trs of i n , (l e.I'tit liheu, Clh; ve wi, v L:s v
y'-;, i, and PIeole of 1all ( Profi, 'oR S, will
Iind tfile A('.;'rt e A.MN.l :ivi fu 1 to
il rltien It o!' lnh itavi e n lia e itc n . '
F nnily, liU rary, S1tudvl,( mtll<,, :u t (lc'u'i i l
ilg A1ido 'i; i tevery P Hnp ' 'i. Oile rtOoll,
It_'olhit't, AI I L'. Coy., 37 aiir Ycl.w
A wearl' :i; ii 0r1 onitain pagls aild
S n: . u'Vi' . Jit i 1'.X-:I:x 'iNiUS Thul
,andta o voItm l ;ire perserveid !;r Iin4hd
in;'' and r''ft'et nee. The J ]l'iip y 'hal re1 eits
A.e well wolrllh ten t74 es theSuhcrilhplio
4pri e.. T.'ei·u OS, i year ' by mail.lt in
eluding p)o,lings,'. IDi;:tonlnt t4 ('1lub) ,pe
uilteal sent frei. lilaly ho huil uf4iall News
Dealers.
li rli [ TrPQ In c, nnetin ,withi
.f 1as 1int nhl D h i:x T;Ic
A: l .n' AN, Al:sis. 1rx & Co. are
S oliklorsotft'Ai:tel'hieln 717i41 Fr, igi P tents,
it ant have tih lutir-'.,t et. lis;hi:n:,:t in the
world MoI& than lilly thlisan1id apilihc
t- tios have b4,,;lilade for patents through
their ,g.afolnciy.
Potetts: a btaittld oil the best te'ns
© Modh-ls. of New inventions alnd skethlS
Sexamliritdi anlll nlvih( tree. A special
niothce is u'eih it h! Scientific Ameriian
1of all hinveutiol, l':ite(ited throungh this
SAg.ien,, with the 1 llml and resilent of
SClio e Patentee. Patent, ,are ofteni sold in
part or 'whole, to persoulii attrtell to the
-I iliventioul by such notiie. Seind for
is Pamphlet, 110 1)7u,3,°5 hily'14 and fall di
t rectiols for obtainingi Patents.
to A's ter the Pap'-r, or coneernlin,
Is Patents, 11uxx I.ti Co., 37 Park how
ir N. Y. ]I1' c!i Ollie,!, cor. F adnt 7th Sts.1
of Wlaihiutioii, D C.j. I
li .Jiy 116'' .--i= v -
Tiell
WEEKLY ENQUIRER, ,t
prix
A Paper for the People, a Friend of the h1i
Ftarimer idu Ihidustrial Classes, irt
ant
A BIEAUTIFUL II
NEW CIiROMO
INTTIT.ED MA
"Perry's Victory!" t!
Gircntu ecerry 2 0 Subscriber. spa
pall
This: picture represents Comt. Oliver TT. Per.
ry ill the sect of passing fioto one ship to another
in a small opel)( boat, dvuriug the heat of battle, dlue
exlposedl to the fire iof the cuoiy.
It Measures 18 by 322 Inches,
Is ariistically- ftninhed hl thirteen coleor and iQ ev
inldoubtedly the ilmost lesirable chlbrno ever nil
ofireod Ai a proelitullt. Singlle copies ofdit sell at the
3 t0). We l\ave at a great outlay secured the no
exelisirt' control awld sale of it. nnd therefore
are enabhld toprllsen!t it to ollr patrulls as albove. pe
The ]xltl:l;nu still stalnds pro emlinot as a to
first class Newspalper. Its variousi dpartuots enl
allotted to o
jEditorials, Iltniorouts, lie
Agriculture, Poetry, M
Correslondenee, Telkyrapl:io
Anmi General K'elrs. of
All give evidence of thct are and pains taken n11
to supply i s ilreaders wtith all the news alnd a he
variety of reading that an:lllot tfail to interest Mt
each and every" ienelmbo of thei honsrchohl. Snul
scribe through our agents or aend dlirect to His.
We desire an agent at every iost Olfice. and ex
where lVe ye a) yet. appoiltedl, let soume of our a
friends apply for tile agency. t ta
Address Li
FAIRA & McL EAN, Publishers, lot
'CINCNNATI, 0. fo
The Saturday Evening Post.
The Oldest and Best Story Paper Pub
lished.
Founded August 4, A. D. 1821.
For more tithan half a century the w
Saturday Evening Post has been the n1
GREAT LITERARY WEEIKLY t
of the Country, and has ever borlo a P
widespread and unblettnished reputatiion
for thine iinsurpiassitd purity, refiuctumeilt C
I tand excellence of the Serials, Sketches L'
tan1d Miscellaneous reading matter.
It is pre-enminently
The Best Family Paper
o that is publisled in this country, from its
never containling anything that woulht
otfknd tli feelings of any oune, either ill
a religious or political sense, or thatt
could not be read at any fireside without.
objectioli froml the ilost fastidious.
The circulation of the Saturday Even
ing Post, throughl not quitUe so large
pjrhaps, as its younger contempor;rrieLs,
is not, like that of some of thell, fluctilt
attiug, and too oftetn short-lived, but
S[TRI1, SOLID AND SUTISTANTIAL,
based upon the intrilnsic nmerit of the pa
per itself, and not depenldent onl lanlly ex
tranreous influences, sunch asI the lKutltlari
ty of individual writers, &c.
Good, however, as the Saturday Even
ing Post, tils5 berut in the past, iL is Our
intlrution to imalke it still better in tlhe
future, and with this olject in view we
will effect a mnlrkedI inlprovemdnut in eve
ry department of the flaper, anti will
L call to our assistance writers of admitted
ability and killnOnl repluttion.
By increasilg its forlmer attractions,
and addinlg lmanyit jludicious luld pleas
ing novelties, by-stutdying how to please
lljd cultivate the plopular taste, by it;
CIreailng industry anid enterplrise, and by
in- enlarged facilities, we ho0pe to make new
by frienis with each li d every issuie, aini
of continlile to unmtintail the (l:iiln of the
Ime Saturday Evelning Post to its title of TIls
s Oi()IST AND TuI) linTer of E"imly Story
t8,: Piapers.
Terms to Subscrbers:
' One year 1 copy ~3.00 Olne llmiltih 82.
e .t "a 2 copies 5;00 Two moutlhl to
et " ,4 copies 10.00 Three mlo.. 7,5
t " 0 coplies 2u.(0i Four mo 1 00
STo any une sending $20 for a Club of
90,an additional copy will be sent FREE
8pediife, copies cau (le had t on alppl
cation. We En!iploy noTmveling Agenlts.
All colhnllllicalitlon mlast be addressed to
": IL, J. C.. WALfIE R, Propictor,
727 Walnut Street,
' "- · Phtlldelphia.
:-i I(et yiluir printing dole at
Sthe VInuCsAToR Job Oflic.
THEI. ILLUSTRATED
ItOLD;ElOLD 'i'MMdINE
WV -I \10 i:'HI IS INCORPOIATEDI)
r; ,
vi i, tht inh" of ,ie a .,e tor.
I5 ' ..:'.e i,, tll rth:r f nike it
•'n_ l t " lit,:!'."r ' anld miecl( aiieal e.oe
i-, e. : .i:h this ivw. ll advaattge
awili i".*" " td wh ich tiher talent or
('; int' i ict c t'fluff ;:::ot to r'rnider encl, is
s :tu :.' t ' ..i. ia, tl etive colhlpe)L
lill o 0of
.-''',A.L RE\DING.
t.i p;iaie will le dlevoete'd to popular
TH:. tan-:...ceient.e, :rt , -ducation auIl 6/o
vilt develophn'nt. Its c(haritIeristlc fea
ture is nl.otpreheatvrvene.»s The lnannu
srrilts ,lu on hand, and (,others especia -
l" t i:_t"it'i, etinlntar ai nunsually attratu
tive list of ,.I)s riptive Skthiwhes ofTraV
el, (erij storie;. Tale, 1oentms, I'aplers on
Soion, nailn A.rt. 'nllipular Essays. Ntirra
tli e's. i.terr:ury tr'iitic',llis. Fahlionis, etc.,
nre l-he.r iith a:t varie'y of able and in
treistinig articles uliUn the Important
Qestions of the Day. A large pLpor
iion ofi thi' articles, especially those dee
riipt ive it' tr'ivel, will l,
PP('Fli'SLY ILI.U STRATED.
'rihe pictorial eibelliihtmlents of the
M:iaa.lie her.eafttr tconstitutilng one of
it.; itit at triact iv , fe:atires.
'lhe p1Lulpoie of the PI'alisihers is to fur
ni;t a peritdlical which shall lit iustric
ii .e in The linis.hotld, The Library anl
Thte Elinditg lolutl, giving an abundaince
of 4lt(nt'tainil' alid poliular literature
t.I infol':.ationi for loth iold and young,
e:a ir;'ing li'htto, 'o fortt and good nature
into every auily, tutu mltaking it necep
talle fir ti he w'hole 1 louscehol--father
andit iihtlit:r, hays 1d1, girli, young Mie
aniU y'ouig wome11n.
i7~c llhitrstrated Ifoischold Magazine
itclutdes several 1)istinct Departments,
eachl uttner etaupetenit and eticieiit man
agemen~t, v'iz:
1. Sketches--consisting of Descriptions
of Tra:vel anid Adventure, Serial Storie~,
Tales and Narratives, lavishly and ap
lrl<optLiately illuistratcd.
2. tMiscellauy-tmade up of brilliant ex
traCtS afolio lntia hooks, highly entertain
ing sketches of notiial persons and
thingas fril the lbest Foreigni Public-
tiotins, ,ooitis aud P'apers on Science and
Art.
3. Edlitorial Department-in which is
given lhiiliint essays upon a wide range
of taitlijecuts; social topics discussed and
currenilt inucidents tiaid doings glaeedIl at.
4. Faiisiton Departtment-ceontaining a
re.stiuma of' the Paris, Londtlon and New
York Fash 'tions, illustrated with engra
ving. of the latetst styles.
5. Litertary Notes-devoted to reviews
and criticisms of new book4aind general
infor'mllat ion.
6. Childrei's Department-furnishing
instrlction aillId ciutertaimiinent to the
Ilys .ntd Girls, alnt those older people
tthuo have young hlea:nts. It is enmbelish
ed with Lhigh class illuhstrationso of
\ attnal History, Wonderful Scenery antd
rare incidcuts.
7. ![o0sekeelier's .1 D partm.nent --comn
prising iniforiattion anild reciples, ninny of
which are original and published for the
lirst time, all elletaed from the most
autiheltic sources.
It will h' the constant aim of the
Hlouiseholitl Pilublishing Coimpany to make
THE ILLUSTRATED IIOUSEHOLD
MAGAZINE in the future, mas Wood's
Houdehold Mliagaitine has been Jin the
past,
TIlE BEST DOLLARiMONTIILY PUB*
IISHiED,
sparing neither eflort, trouble nor ex
paeis in securing the Best Writers as
cont.rilntors, :andl tihe lest Artists to pro
duce illustrations to enrichli its pages.
AGENTS WANTED.
We require a good, faithfiul Agent lIn
every town tlhroughout the United Stalta
r iial Canala, who will ezrnestly engage in
t the buisinaass of lprocuirilni sulecrihtue
r not timr a few days or a lnotth only, bat
? 1erumaneentlv-with' afirmi deteriniatioe
to etnviViass ilhinioughly and earefully the
s entire field sehleta'd, improving ever op.
ilortmilriy to reiliize all that can loiibiy
, ae ntide from ,the (introduction of ti.
Magakine.
o Our Premium ant Clzabbing Iiss
offer great indueemuents for workingsn
iur lelihalf. Schouls and Churches hiave
ai erm an uiininlal oppoliiltlty to procure
Musicail Instrumnents frinl the l8eat mtua
ufiisturers, with compaziratively sl8 ht
i exertions. Artitaus,. Professional men
r and Students may gratify their literary
tastes by ordering fromt the Clubbing
List. Children may earn and own mnny
loqg desired articles byjiobtainihg" tho
few subscriliers.required.
TEflMS i
. rKARLr SJrBS3 IPIOX *1.00.
Spenimeti Copies mail1l, post-paid, to
any ,,l'dlre~s ilpaon receipt of Ten Cents.
The postage within the United Stmtes
is Teu Cazits a year, which must he for.
e wardid with the sulhscriptish, us the
nDw Pos ta-Law reqiiring the prepay
hmeint of all miigaizhies by plmisibsls
thetuselCes, instead of aubsmcrihors, coim
a pals ts to collect tht jpnta'ge in advance.
o ci d ior Circtlars eonstanhmig ratet ot
eot coiiissionil aitl inidneciaieiitmt to canVas
ser,., anl the I'rcwium anld Clubbing
Lists.
- THE 'OSEMITrE YALLrY.
r We eontmio to off'r this celobraite
it Oil Chroumo in connection with the II
lustrated lltpuhiaal Maigazihel thrzigili
htig thmni to our siauscrlerr tlpol' the
t followimig very generozziu terms:
WiU.h Jounled Chromo, $2.00. UV's
on- )otoll'd Chrome, $1.50.
r The Mounitemi Chromo is delivered at
our oflije , or by et nvtL ser s, or b oked and
sent hy express it! .mubseriber'si expelltSe
or sent by maill uipoi rftipt of Twenty
Cents extra fir ptilge. The Unmount
ed (hromno is sint free by tmail.
All eonuntnieations must be addrsed
ri- UOUiEliOLD PUlISHING CO.,
41 Park Row, New York.
Ct)
OUr
that 'Emr.]poYnaxezt-Msn
we woilen alitd ugettms, we have just what
we- you need Our tixil Monitadl Chiizaoe
will iutsall anything in time market. Mr. Per
Lted sots write: "I1 struck out yesterday, and
by wia'king easy ,timr hoiuir, cleared $7.
one, A sizaly has just reported her ],rotit, foi
eas- tha foreuoon as 5 ; ye~slerdiy Hi' to 2
ese o'clock she cleared $7 ;0. Wte cau iurove
u;- b-yoli questiant that, onlie ligtt ordsted
1by 5, - od'f ulise alirozuats iti eleven work
I1O in alys. Was himve the largest ead hiumat
nitial' tisirtlt in mthe 'United tuten; bunh -
the dredu lf rhiiel , .tibjectsa fromi whlih to
THE select. We will senud you atl a,,sorteud J00
tory o" the.best sulhimg free oaf charge *n re
ceipts of (i Q0. Send in your orders or
give us'a call. Samples by mail 25c., or
12 for $1.
2' BOSTON I'lRlAM AND CIIROMO CO.
202 Waishington St., Boston, Mass.
1 P. O. Box 2602.
se, t Get yoIr JOBI P INTitlG
done at the VImmD tcron Olite.