OFFICIAL
Paper of the Parish and City of Natchitoches
JAN. H. COSGROVE, - • • Editor.
SATURDAY. - - - JUNE 1, 1678.
Outrageous.
The Police reports of our city dai
lies are burdened with the sickeni jug
details of the arrest and punishment
of American citizens witlwout trial by/
jury, and its flat refu!sal wlhen demand
ed, for violation of the "vested rights"
of the Louisiana Lottery Company.
Is this not strange in this day and
this hour ; in the broad blaze of the
nineteenth century, and in "free
America" ? That a MANx, a citizen, can
be deprived of that sacred, inherent
right, secured by blood-a trial by
jury-for an offence charged as hav
ing been committed against a giant,
swindling monopoly !
Is it not strange that a great State
should make itself; its Courts and
law officers, the tool of a gambling
hell, to punish all who violate its
supposed rights ?
Yet this is so ! Day after day these
details fill our daily papers while the
Democrat, that noble journal, dear to
every honest Louisianian's heart, in
striking contrast with the subservi
ent tools around it, the Times and Pic
ayune; vigorously denounces the
wrong unaided and alone.
We tell our people that this Lot
tory Company is a greater power, and
our liberties are in more danger from
it, than from the Radical party. It
must be crushed! The people must
and wilt-declare war; aye i war with
arms and ropes, against this hideous,
infamous monster that dares claim
rights which infringe the sacred and
inalienable prerogatives of mankind.
Southern Claims.
Mr. McMahon, of Ohio, tells us, and
we believe him, that there has been
already paid by the United States
government $100,000,000 on account
of "Southern claims-i. e. the claims
of loyal men for property lost or de
stroyed during the late war. Slher
man, the present Republican Secreta
ry of the Treasury, also bears testi
mony to the same fact.
We are of the opinion that it is
high time this "raid" should cease,
for raid it is, pure and simple. The
man who would have the brazen
cheek to tell as that the "loyalists" of
the South ever owned one-half of the
$100,000,000 of property, they claim
to have lost, is a liar and the truth
isn't in him. Sduthern Congressmen
are doing their sections no service by
continually presenting, by the bushel
basket, these claims. We have be.
fore as a long string of claims from
this parish, presented by Radical Con
greamen and allowed, some of them
and the major part, by Radical Con
gresses, that are the veriest swindles,
for not one in ten of the claimants
were "loyal." Why, we find one fel
low putting in a "loyal claim" for
$50,000 who was a blatant "secession
ist" and had four sons in our armies !
We see that our Alabama contem
poraries are coming down on the
"claims" business and we hope that
the journals of this State will do the
same.
The great majority of the "loyal
ists" in the South were the poorest of
the poor, whose combined "wealth"',
never exrceeded, in the whole South,
one tenth of the amount which has
already been paid.
SWe call attention to the advertise
ment of Messrs. Moses of New Orleans
fame and James C. Moise of this par
ish. Capt. Moses is well known here
and indeed his reputation, in connec
tion with his Photographic Establish
ment in the city of New Orleans,.ies
national. He took pictures in this
city in 1858, and made, during that
visit, a host of social and business
frienids; since that time, save when
shaouldering his mausket for four years
ia the Confederate army, he has been
established in the Photographic busi
ness in New Orleans where he has
earaed a. reputation as an artist
second to aone in the world.
Our peoplhonld take advantage
of this short visit of Capt. Moses, and
ecurae, at a moderate price, pictures
equal to those taken in any city of the
Union. Don't fail to give these gen
tlemen an early call at Iacoast6bIs Bal.
If the thousands tbst wnli suffer
from scrofnla, either acq uired or her
edltary, were to use HOME STOMACH
BrrrPas, they would soon observe a
marked improvemedst n the character
and quality of their blood.
Cottem Reaeipts.
Received lpreviously, 6202 bales. I
" daringtheweek 8 . "
Total 6210
_ " -- II`
Our Tap. A
t
The pubUe is still engaged in dis
eaingl this enterprise, and the opin
ion is well nigh unanimous that we c
shoald have it by all means.
Let the ball be kept moving, it
will meultla I sccess for aus certain. a
TbeWarikaurepe teeas to have
Sllase oaUt "The Congress of
RadamrJl aifement wioes sune it ai
Our New Orleans i.etters.
Number Two.
NEW ORLEANS, May 27, 1`71.
S EDITOR OF VINDIC:TOII:
. In Letter No. One I have shownl yo
* that Louisiana was snatched trotm the
Sdeath grip of Radicalism solely through
t. the theory and practice of "'extremism :"
m but I did not decteive iou and onr olead
ters: I con'litded byo admitting that the
work of tihe "extrenist" was left iljncnl
-plete, and simply because there :as no
"extremist" iat the head of civil affairs.
g When the tail of "Conservatisnm" was
it attached to the kit, oft Democracy at
Baton Rouge, in 14i76. it was intended by
Y the tail makers to hold the kite down
- lamon the clouds of Compromise and
u, Chicanery, and no piece of work ever
better served the plans of its projectors.
I did not before use sluch plain lan
d guage, but I showed you clearly that the
successful managers of the political cam
e paign used the most faithful portion of
ethe conmunuity to bear narts and stop the
n bullets of the despot, while those whose
interest it is to check the progress of gen
nine reform aided by a class of namy.
Spambyists, who are ever ready to in
dorse any thing that is called "C'onsmerva
tisu,': have seized the reins of govern
t, mnent and are guiding things wholly in
their own supposed interests.
The slupreme etftrt of the people on
e the 14th September, supplemented by
i that of the lth of ,JanuLary, was to rid
ithe State of Radicalism--which, being
translated, meant despotism, indirect tle
i gro rule through the hands of bad white
nMen (mnost of whoml were aliens), buir
densoime taxation, absorbing ad ti dau
!e gerons monopolies, a debauched jjudicia
C ry, and general thievery in office. A
o glance at the political platform adopted
at Baton Ronge in 1876, will show that
U the mass of the white race went into the
Scontest that year resolved to wipe out
Radicalism as titus defined.
We have been in possession of the
e State since January 9th, 1,77, and I now
unhesitatingly say that the behest of the
people has not been curried out. On the
contrary, Illy candid belief is that the
] lRadicals of the State are this day stron
ger than they were )ion the 10th day of
January, 1577; and if the course inangu
r reted by our administration is obstinate
t ly adhered to until tile camnpaign of 1880,
we will lind oulrelves aill Ilnder Radi
SI cal rule, though it may be under anoth
er name.
But why this opinion- which, by the
way, is largely entertained ?-To under
I stand it we nmust review the course pur
sued by our admhinistratioun. and this we
must do candidly and without reserve.
The object of these letters is to reveal
to ourselves our own weak points, with
the hope of profiting by the revelation.
ii It is nonsense to argue that we munst not
dispute amongst ourselves or point to
our errors because it will strengthen the
s enemy. The latter are anything but
t fools; they know more even of our weak
ness than the mass of our own people do,
and they will not be slow to profit by it. t
I will illustrate this proposition.
In the winter of 1,I62, Butler was try
ing to capture New Orlealns, and our
"'Collmmlittee of Safety" here were watch
- ing the building of the great steam Ramnt
-the Mississippi- under contract with
the Messrs. Tift. The Committee were
entirely satisfied, after thorough investi
gation, that oar only holpe of successful
defense lay in this floating ram, but they
were equally satisfied that, as matters t
I were being conducted, sheo was not go
f ing to be tinished. We appointed a
Committee to wait on G(eneral Lovel,
B commanding, andt ask his official aid in e
urging her completion. I was with the O
Committee. We found the General al- r
together indisposed to interfere, and s
I when we expressed the opinion that she
was our only hope and that she would li
unot be finished, he rebuked us for our
indiscretion in talking thus aid run
ning the risk of revealing our weakness
toi tie enemy. I replied to him, then
and there, that this na s the last fear I
shonld ever entertain, for I was morally
certain that the enemy knew fully as
much of our weakness as we did. It was P
not a week after the fall of the city be a
fore we saw in federal uniform here a
man who had been freely mingling
among our people all the winter. The
evening of the dtlay of our conference
with General Lovel I advocated in c
Committee tile official announcement to
the people of our just fears about the t
ship, in order that we might bring to
bear on the contractors the full force of
public opinion. There were members
who agreed with me, but the majority t
resolved against us. Tilhe city fell; the
ram was towed away before the enetmy
arrived and she counld easily have been t
carried in safety to the Yazoo river,
there to be completed; but she was
criminally fired a few miles above the
city and came floating by us in flames-
a passing sign of the incompetency and
perfidy of man. If, then, we have inter
oal weakness, let it be pointed out and le
discussed. P'
I have shown that our Executive, our nE
Legislature and our Supreme Judiciary, se
were put in place by the bayonet; and
there is no common sense reader of these at
letters who will contend for one moment Ft
that any legal forms or process n hatso- o0
ever, any measures of '"compromise" or li
"Conservatism." that would or could
have effected the same thing. But with di
the establishment of the Judiciary, force
ended and "policy,' "compromise." con- P
servatism-aye, bargain and sale-began.
Our executive was mum as an oyster; o
our legislature was vex et preterea hili ; Pt
our judiciary was for law and law only ; f
an agent was dispatched to Washington l
to drive a trade, and all frowned on H
every body and every thing savoring of if
the "White League." In the mean time tr
Packard held on and thought his chan. se
ces good until Hayes sent a new Comn- c
mission of "gentlemen" down here, th
nominally to look into the bottom of of
things, but really to carry out the bar- i
gain made at Washington, andti to let in
Packard down as easily as possible. And ii
now came on the scene the most impor- th
tant factor of all-the Louisiana State es
Lottery, the champion manufacturer of th
legislatures. As organized, our legisla- of
ture lacked numbers, just as Packard Ia
did, and one or the other must be broken th
up by money. The Lottery came in and Q
purchased Packard's negroes like so ma- pl
ny pigs or potatoes at market, thus filling re
up the vacant seats in our halls, and tit
leaving Packard in the lurch. Then off st1
went Hayee' Committee of "gentloemen, th
and our administration was left without re
a competitor for the government of Lou- hi
isiana. bt
What policy was now fully revealed m
by this administration th
I will state it in as few words as pos- ts
sible.
let. Reconciliation of Radicals. L
2d. Condonation of the crime of the de
Returning Board. * I
3d. Utter political ignoring of in- sa
fluential members of the White League. th
4th. Non-interference with the Lou. Bt
isiana State Lottery. a
5th. The continued fostering of mo- ga
6th. No Radical inroad on the State
aenstitntion-consequently no Conven it.
tion of the people.
7th. Non-interference with the op- th
preseive emoluments of the great offices in
in this city--such as Sheriffalties, Re- en
cordershipe, &c. us
8th. As far as politically possible, the th
ignoring, all over the State, of the men Ei
who were iftluential in redeemining her, n
and the appointment to positions of trust go
and emolumentof second and fthird rate coI
men, and of mein who did no work in le
thb. Jat so much of economical re- of
fbuistlek a e mtthtt awer to appem
tbe peaojpl I talerit thn usea
vainI hope for niore.
1 fr.eel atcknco, w ,l. , itL . :,- - , " i
Wi id clhol 'il l lt h, b.e peni t i i ;.t lii" n.l .
Drnlil lerat in , tli, if " of lu all.;,i Ih
it i, the , iiipl l ,t h,- l n I , l, l :, . - ,
T lhr etlirt at .cr , e i atioh,;i ,'I li; 1 i ]
ca: ls 'iacI the ,illie'rt llic'l . , ,,r a oi'tldl.2 tl.
l(n intll itai le": h li. w1"v t ý ill, it L;~i:
h plain an insult to the tlt.liele t ianii
virtUe of thosi ' w\\'11 h ,av e ,ri lilolig , . 1111 -
Sseltishlyv and so brave'ly nt.irril lbh I
wair algailnst wroung that it rxcitl d the I
he l e-vest , issill e il i inat Ill. hi ' hb ilth I
ial low, conrrup) t and uot oudious so-calllid
O Irepresentative of the negro i'll rce, w; d
is. lille a director ofl the public school,: I
a's lo0'1c. ex-.llllgi' of \aillollo tl's t ll ier"'
'Lt C'o l, C lou d 1 hii o I;(iad vio'lated the C(iiii- I
, stitdtion ll his oath oi t of teli'r l- draw
ing pay le ilie was not, entitled io. Wlas ai- 1
l hpointed administl.ratolr of the i(harity
et lhospital;ii Jaimes Lonigstreet, ex-oulled- I
' lrate Lieutenantil, Iiraltll, waho hadl lon
l- disgraced his lleole by elllracinig ItIadi- I
ealismln for i living, lutl who crownedl hist
infulnollr i htniulacer co tmn'llingKellogg's 1
jliie r j isrles on, the It i Septelmber, and
e shootinig diown our people for daring to
e revolt against destpotisill, Wias appoinited
Adminiistrator of the University of Lou
iiana. These were prominent examplesiil'
- of a policy- that, while futile to efflct the
i- 1nd intelligeice of the faithful and pllure. I
i I recollect well that at the time these
things were being done I one day met a
D so-called "Conservative" on the street,
, anild asked hint what it all meant. "Well,"
i saidl he, "you know it is only chlaritable
ig to give tliese iimenr a chance to get back I
- into the confidence ailnd association of t
t good people." "Then," said I, "tluot
Nicholls government is to be a reforila
11tory school for thieves and traitors."
He passedl on. I have often since slil
et to myself, when I have read of a uinr- q
at detrer swinlling on the gallows by order I
of Governor Nicholls, (I believe no less
that tel have iioiw, ill the parlanilce of t
the day, been "gobbled to glory.")-
he Howe and Longstreet are far worse, have r
don0c worse than any of these victims: t
he yet the Execntive has actually extended
lie them the right hand of ti'llowship--aye
le forced tllhei into associationl with the t
goodl aind true. I certainly ldo Ilnot mean ,l
of even to indirectly c'eisulre the G(overnor s
for having tlhe murderers hingli h has
e i- my warmest applroval fillo so doiig: buhilt.
I nmust ever condlelimn hint for having put tl
i men in office whose condulct has left. s
a far worse impression on society (
I- than any mnurderer of ten uIlen can
ever have. The cstimable ladies
Swho conduct the ile oHu f Good t
r- Shepherds" of this city, are engag- l
r-ed in a legitimate work where they devote i
'e their hours to the reformnation of the nu- Il
' fortunate prostitlute, and we private citi- t
th zens may legitimately contliiblte our pe- t
cuniary inite in aid of the undlertaking; a
i but the Gubernatorial office is not a ref- ii
to ige for the abandonellll d and profiligate of It
o111' own sex, and only c5ensulre is to lie I
lit eted out to him who attemptll, l, vell on
hle plea of' "iipolicy," to mnlake it. such.
So fillr as the appoinihitnllnt of the out
i cast, Iillnchhack, (and otlher colored mell),
toi the ipubllic Scholol Boardl is co'llerlled,
it' we look at it solely i thle volldest po
litical light, it was a grand iistake-a i
Spolitical hlun'ler amounillitIng to a crime. p
' I'or years thie Iil'grlo raco had beeni, ill
i connect lll 1ion with the white ~tadicals, con
r ducting the public schools, and they had i1
i- wrecked them. It was now ihe oppor- b
ituniity, as we'll as the privilege, of thel
white race, to take entire charge of this
y br anch of the public service, to adminis- q
ter it oil civilized princilles, and at the b
a close of the f'our years service to lie able
, to point to results as illustrative of hon
esty and supcrior ability. No sensible e
i ani could object to this, and favorable
results would snlmply add to political a
(1 strength. o
The policy of utterly ignoring the s
d White League in all that pertains to po
r lities has been from the beginning so
- clearly manifested that no nlan could et
mistake it. Tho comlmon street talk cf
the "Conservatives" has been that tilhe
SLeague might be trusted to do thle fight- ri
ing, but tilhe leaders were too hot-headed h
for politics. Moreover, there mulset be
Spolitical accord between Hayes and our rI
administration, and that would be tin-.
possible if the League was represented
therein. All of this sounds very pretty P
Sto the ordinary political ear, and unthink- .ij
e ing men might endorse it; but it is not
common sense, and the wire-workers will
v yet tinid it out. I have clearly shown T
Sthit the political condition of Louisiana t
was utterly despotic, that "Conserva
tive" wiles and wire-working had utter
ly "played out," when, on the 14th Sep- p.
tember, the White League-the "extrem
Sists"-canle to the front and rescuedl the Ce
State il a day. Again, I have shown i
that in the early days of January, 1877, bi
"Conservatism" had comne to a dead halt,
that "the game was up," when, on the re
e morning of the 9th Januar3-y, the League et
again stepped forth and saved things.
SNow, the "Conservatives"-sye, and even
some of the dyed-in-the-wool Democratic bi
leaders-claim that this League is not a,
political body, and that their leaders are
r not politicians; indeed, these men thllem
selves do not claim to be such, but, he- at
Syond all cavil, their appeal to arms was
at least a political act, and simply supe.
rior political sagacity prompted the act nl
on 14th September. Like the new bel
Sligerent class, they were organized for
Sthe'deliverance of Louisiana, and they
did with the musket what fawning and V
boot-licking never would have accom
Splished. at
Now, I contend that as Governor Nich- e
oils was the candidate of the whole white w
people, and insomullch not bound to any b
faction or ring, he made an egregious
Smistake when he snnbbed the League.
SHistory will clearly show that this act, sc
f if no other, has justly dimmed the nlus
a tre of his administration. The heroic a
. self-sacrifice of that class of our people, to
coupled with the fact that he found cr
them indispensable to the establislunent
f of his administration, should have se- de
- cured for them a representative in tlhe
innermost circle of his contidential po- i
Slitical friends and advisors. Instead of
- that, the highest men of the order have an
ever been as far from the atmosphere of t
f this circle, and as profoundly ignorant
Sof his theories of action as the humblest
I laborer on the levee. Shall we wonder co
Sthat but a few weeks had passed subse.
Squent to the complete revolution of his
Splan of administration, when he was the ye
Srecipient of the quiet, but formal resigna- co
tion of General Ogden and his entire
' staff? Surely, I have no right to insist w
Ithat these gentlemen resigned for the
Sreasons I have been stating. I certainly
Shave not their authority for so stating;
but they are men at least, like you andsul
nle, and I should have wondered to see sal
them remain in office under such ciItum- thb
stances. pa
The policy of non-interference with the
Louisiana State Lottery is one of the pe
I darkest features of this administration. eN
I want to say here that I do not propose, Tii
save incidentally, to treat this subject on an
the grountd of "high moral principles." li6
Beyond a question, it is shoking to see
a Stats fostering a common school of
gamblers, but the Lottery is a greater
political than it is a moral evil and we
Smust fight it as such if we would destroy
it. Ca
Beyond all question, the candidates of Mu
the Democratic-Conservative party went Mi
into the canlpaign of 1876, pledged to the HI
eradication of all the crying evils put upon
us by the Radicals, and prominent among pi
them was the Louisiana Stats Lottery.
Ever since its institution it has been a
anuisance stinking in the nostrils of all
good uven. It had its origin in the on
corruption of a corrupt Legislature-a ti
legislature of thieving aliens, ignorant be
and debsased negroes, and the depraved in
of oar own people. th
The free ure of money"among this
sething ia mna i.ade the lterz lai, w,
ie-d its projectors damned themselves
: i, ,- \: \e, r dI'pthI, if pt..ih h., by
:_ ridin,, it ,it I *' h bll,% ofchan'It\'. EVerry
j)i sie.il'., moan sa'w i i once' wihat a dat
~ .11 - llitical 141en i 4e 1 had been estab
!:,ht 11 l itid, g 1. s I hdoe'dl , its ple ,cto1 r I(
ii h;:11 u1or tlthan once heers hoeardl to sa'
'd. "' \' ive' 1in the m ionopolly it' IIf 1 :Ii'(l ini
Ia L(,4u iniailhl. i ll I. 1.1 1 1 ' ti 1, .'4::t . Il V
itil I,, ',,h,. i xi
I 4 s iII,
v- harlltt Ihrici in i llj s % :l' i 'lle lei , h;lll
1he t 4' tll't." I'll ~l 1 1 1t id" l, 1ld. :I1 ut I al t ,''
Ite thleI'r be Cel I t11 ef. 4''. l it hei l h 4Ii , 14tel i' : IIt
1t1 lel/cZu rll' I he I' ll' tieell' m he ilI -: ti that 11c11
is i: I t eh e 4 11 sl ir , : 4 lel ca'ile : ll d til',l '. e i t 4.
me \White L l ncue. All he looney ,f Illr
º11- Lou1isianue Lo t ter) (c'4np11111111its wa. 3% [
-nought to hm eolmphelld f,) ote thoullandf,.
ip- brave he:r1ts 11 and , tfadi y hand;. it he al
it ' d tIlli e ell hat.I eci t'ul d1ay, and I ell i
his ' t io r, til Le gue o' ulhi, h ullllldhl hae
g's a ch'll d e'.ltry O 4 i tinl:ate legishi tor 11 . ,111
he Paekard's lt en to Ill hl lfellow.s 11. : or . r
to if those gelntry who dLid not dlesire to 1l
d tale the onlI seats Lithe were eCntitled
es clared aa"l, 111In it was lain a1d1
.he pleaant sailingh fl'r -ur i idc.-tlt.h as
b'e have said, he flte'retl ; the result :aisas.
ee. that ultimately the Lottery pnIr'hnsed a
mne llt icielt llumber of Packard's llen to I
tI till our vacant sealts, and of course, the
II," man in the Legilatlnre.
le Ohl what a privilege it was then to
bk le Governor of it people who had elected 3t
of their man on the whirlwind of reforma
hl tion of wrong, and th,, re-estaldishiment
Ia- of liberty. andl who I11:1 sealed their act I
- with Ih lpoints of their hayonel.ts! II
tid What a plrii ilege to have been ald' to it
u"- say to 4our chosen Legislators-"V'hal ! it
ler let those vacantl seats bhe lilled ,y lmeansl4
eSl of the m1oney of the Louisiana State Lot- fr
of tery. the Imost dal1lrllgel'os aid most ply.- til
I- erlul of all the monopolies it is our
e mission to oplpose ! Let this legislature,
is; to whom a long-sniillrilng people look for w+
Sirllpt relief, he owned e by the Louisiana
ye State Lottery !-No, gentlemen ; declare .
he the seats lof the retealcitralits v'acant, ra
alland I will order ne'w elections right ar
ot' speedily. We ntnst he true to ouir trusts.' "
as And (lol helIp the legislators who .
ty Governor Nicholls then had.
an ilut this was not "Conservatism."-- 4c
ies "Conservatism" helieves in dollars ratler
od l than duty, and the Louisiana Lottery
Ig- not only own1 s the Legislturi'e, blut it
te arrests and imprisons freemeie without
in- henefit of the Habeas ('iorpts, in viola
ti- tion of the organic law of the State;
e- two sessions of the ligislature have cone,,
g ; and gone two rlessalges to that body
'f- have beecn selit by the Governor and he I
of has'not. Illhd le t the Loisinna State le e
le Lottery. ts
uli AMICIS CI'RIf.. e Ii
Ohio's Revenge.
d In the intense political anger en- t,
tertained againlst Mr. Tilden by the
e. people of Ohio, and particularly those
, who went crazy on G reenback mnoney
il in 1875 when their ve' ry liberties were
being rudely sundered, is marked in
the opposition of the Cincinnati Eit
is- quirer to the investigation proposed
Il by tihe Democratic Hlonse. t
n. When the question was first moot
l, ed it met the Enquirer's cordial dis
al approval, but, as it was discussed, and
our party became more and more
" solidified and determined, it edged
SrouniI 'till a weak assent was extort
Id ed from it. Now, however, the En
Squirer claimst that the "effect" o4f the
t resolution had been had ; that we
t ha ve tlhoroughly "fr ightened" the
ir radicals" and that is "all suflicient."
SEither the Euirr teee is totally die
Sprayed, which we do not believe ; is
k 'in the pay of Hayes, which we know
is false, or it is bitterness against
n Tilden in person that has caused se t
to take such a stand.
r- We beg to repeat that Mr. Tilden so
p- per ce has nothlig to dol with this 11
14 contest--it is a Lattle for the Consti- eh
n lion and only in the manner of his Sc
Sbeing the elected, contitutionally chosen ti
e rprpresentative, is Mir. Tilden conect
1 ed with the matter at issue. thi
. The Enqutrer is a great newspaper, i
c but it uses its power and influence in
an infamous cause when it descends to lat
such sophistry as we note in ordler to
- attempt to stop the result of investi- at.
Sgation simply in a spirit of revenge
Supon the person of Mr. Tilden. t
Our esteemed contemporary, the d
d Vienna &ntinel does not intend, we lar
are sure, to insist that men are pref- H.
erable to principles. Its good sense
e will at once assert itself when we vie
bring to mind the fact, that the fail- No
, ure of the reforms in 1878 was due .
Ssolely to the fact that principles were tw
abandoned by the men we had elected
to assert them. These men were re-to
creant to the trust with which the a1
Sdemocratic masses had ordained them.
.. Pfiolple isi god and will live on lot
when man becomes dust. What we E
suffer from to.day in Louisiana is too co
many men and too little principle.
We know the Sentinel to be an able
r country journal,'and its unselfish de
votion to the cause of the people will
Syet meet reward, hence our desire to
correct, what seems an error, into -
winch nt lhas fallen.
S We are in receipt, as an exchange we I
suppose, of the Kansas City Times, Kan
sas. We take just pleasure in placing
- the Times on tile, for it is an excellent
paper, while it is cheering indeed to
peruse words of solid comfort to Demo- tha
cratic sonls from "bloody Kansas." The l
Times is an old, sterling democratic paper e
and we wishl it a long and prosperouls pet
life. per
of
M I r r r i e d. tha
METOYER-GAIENNIE-N e a r ma
Campte, this parish, on Wednesday, ara
fMay 22d, 1878, by the Rev. Pellwin, d
Mr. ALLAi L. METOYER to Miss
SHEL.oIsE T. GAriENNIK.
N. O. Picaynne and St. Louis Times
please copy.
A Colorado man has started for Texas j
Son a veloeopede, which is arranged so as car
Sti run on railroad tracks. If he should file
be overtaken by a lightning express train,
I instead of going to Texas he might go to [
the next worst place, and the fool-killer
Swould lose a job.
iJ
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
VEGETINE
IS RECOMMENDED BY ALL
-h2 Icivans.
{|r I.. i' , I t.-
Sl'.Itl :sir.- I ta "t 111'"l '. ti.tt i .l r al, it I ,ig , ,o11
a ", ix. :l crI ific ' I tlue r l tetit l \ i' .":l IiI ,. p Il r
i 'd 1 \ \ 1 ii ,. 1 lie d ' 1 -4 .I ~h : '11 ;1 '-1'1 w Ii l th11 11
d ie;, 1a l d id t,11t I , * .'t ito, lift' l, l 1tw i d ay1 1 ,,to IL I .
I or Ca ncl rs and
\ Tell VI 'lillt' ! ctorlli'll d C 1i  '1 t ' .l..,,ia
Sln'uoll rdll 'iu u1 i _ it. inll I oii llh'I III 1 j(ilo so
andt n 4l,"u\r no \' 11 \;"* 1 m o .111.1 I. .t d I."( 1'1 t 111.1'
li',e' b, +,h . il uho,, are ,' lre',, It ith thi- 11 r
it l ir th t . h ,i , ' fit -. i,'l .l ',i t lt1 , iiu i- t s.
C-ae11si.rt-.-u1tiuiiiiz ptiit-lr
S iitl lti l ' . I. I' . I" t l I. i '. 11. tn
S ' t l:- \i1i . I I I t 111d'I :1
\'EI.L I" t -- l 'l\ hell i lo' i6 l"e' : tlO' !t," llh
I' .tlit .llatU. n tllr of l'l'c isr . irr'o .i lle u it it. of
frtoi lllt tl11 Ir' tlcl' , ti'li. , eat l'r iin" w ill I1't - rt i
blood.l , arry oufl'lit li-tidil tuii, , thiau,. . 1h1
s.l mit il ,'Ii, w el at 1 bo1 I l . h I ilt! 111 1:1 1 it lols ,'
of v'ig.lor to l il, w hohl , I..;lt
VEGETINE
I regaor Cancers and
CANCEROUS HUMORS.
The Doctor's Certificate.
READ IT.
A s ,hl h .., \ \a sh in g to 1 C'o .. Ill., .I:In 1l 4 II -.
3rH.R 1S . t tev-itsL :
I)ear Sit: ir,- -T'l'hi s is to hertily that I had lei n
stits'l'l' fto Iti se k4o( awn iter snil laly riglht -ira-t
which igr-w vet t'l rapidtly. I :i - . till y : tri tie
had gi\'en til upt to die. ' le I hti arl d of ),, -
nli' liie, V.eeIti i. rel itolull ni s well f nr ( naic r
nll, Cancerous thlllnl''s. It cou'll ired to take
it, and x(1n tf utld tni |'lfb.innin;t to lel blet.
telr; ily heataltdh S s .pirit bth felt the hiniu
tiMe, the (Causer l iE. ut al ost hodill.
CAlttRIE Dti;Flat1lHESl'T.
I elrltift" tihat I :l111 personalll\y 1 11i ntlih 1ll
with Mirs. JDiFolrrest, allot consider her olin. of
oir VII'.'e best wo iite. 11 :. - 11S . FLOWIERS.
AIlo, l)s1c:tas Se iK.-' Irltli.ilmn.-If Vegetl ine ill
relievei's ptihi, t cleanse, lipuliftilp l tid cuilre sucllh dis
lises, rel,, tl iiti the patienl, t to lpuittelllid health
lftel'r' I'yillln dil'rel't i plhy 'ills, n1ia l.111y 1.emlilellh's,
still is rin i iir yet iis, is it not .tu,i'hut site lrot f, it '
y llre a stl'eiter, youl l can he 1111 I W \Vhy.1 I
is this mledi'icile performing such l+riat Cures'!
It works in The lo.d, iD' hae it. uids
It can trly Ill. called telh Grea-t iih. Piitritietr.
The great Soiree of dowease otirigiliat, in till,
blood ; and no Lediiin that ides i ut act dirltl.
ly upon it, to purify illd rienovate, has anty Just
c iln upal publitc atte tiin.
VEGETINE
I regard it as a valuable
FAMILY MEICINE.
hIan I le?.
1H. R . StEvtEs, , E BOS., -
iear S it- -1 take pleasur ill l r ihgl, that I hats
iuse:d the Vegotlile in iny faluily witih gIood re.
1111,s, 1ind 1( hate known of several eases of r'e
liarkable r'll etr (ctedl by it. I rte~galil it as a
vainl le tfaluily miediine. Trull) yolr.s,
RE\V. WJ1. Mcl)NAl.l).
The Rev. Wil. M.lioald is well kunwn
through the ('nited States as a miniiistler in 1h1
M. E. Chulrhh.
Tlnot'Si:Nll SPlEAK...Vlgeotinlle is .aikiowlesll
ed x11 rc11ntiua1dr,1 by lllbypsiciani allnd aputh
elallies to be flhe best pnridfer awl clea.ser o'
the blood yet discovered, and lou+n/uds speak
in its praise Who have bea rel store'1d tI health,
VEGETINE.
The M. D'S have it.
Mr. 11 S Steven' :
Dear Sir.-.. I have o.-,l Vlt; tine fora long
tinte, ainl tinst it ..ites Insist excihnt satisfathtion.
,. I,' DIE RItEST., Druggist,
I aizletou, Ind.
VECETINE.
I'REI'ARED if"
Yegetini, is Sohld Iy All Druggists.
JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
SHERIFF'S SALE,
Payne. I)emorant Co., vs. J. P'. Biroad
I well.
Ilistriet Court. Parish of Orleans.
it No. 30061.
BjY ir i,.4 of a writ of Fi. Fa. issued in
Sthe aho've entitled and nunmbered
n suit, aiil to me dir-cled, I have seized
and will ol;er for sale to the last and
highest bidder at the Pre Aux C'leres
lil intation. on
SSaturday!, the tlk/ da ' ,o/ Ju!l, 1878,
n the following described property, to-wit:
A certain plantation known as the
"'Pre Aux ('lires plantation," situated on
the right. ,bak of Red River descending,
in the Parish of Natchitoches, about (20)
twenty miles above the city of Natchito
n ches, onldted above Iy lands now or
t lately belonging to E. L. lyamns, and
below by lands now or lately helonging
to Bein. Grappe, and containing 630
9- 8-10e acres.
e Another tract or parcel of land in the
rear of. and attached to said plaltation
containing (131 87-lO0) one hundred
and thirty-f-nor 87-100 acres ts per plan
drawn by Thomas Hunter, '. S. Deputy
Surveyor, bounded on the north west by
l Iands now or lately belonging to E. L.
Hymns, and on the west by section No.
35, in township 11 of range 9.
Another tract of land being the undi
e vided half of a tract of land in section
No. 35,. in township 11 of range 9 tor
merly owned by Ii. L. Bennett and S.
i M. lHyams, containing two hundred and
n twenty-nine 51-100 acres, bounded on
the north east by land now or lately be
longing to Benjamin Grappe, east by sec
tion No. 36, in township II, of range 9,
and en the south by section No. 2, town
ship 10, of range 9, west.
Another tract or parcel of land being
lot No. 2, and the east half of the north
west quarter of section No. 2, in town.
ship No. 10, north of range No. 9, west,
containing one hundred and fourteen
7d-100 acres.
Terms of Sale :
Cash-with the benefitof appraisement.
D. I. H. BOULLT, Jr.
Sheriff, Parish of Natchitoches.
Julne 1 tds
Judgment.
Ernestine Nathan vs Martin Hlerach.
Parish Court, Parish of Natchitoches.
No. 1754.
EN this case on the trial hereof by rea
Sson of the law and the evidence be
iug in favor of the plaintiff Ernestine Na
than, and against the detendant, M.
Vlersch. It is therefore ordered, adjudg
ed and decreed that she do have jndg
ment in her favor as prayed for on the
petition decreing a separation of pro
party and dissolution of the community
of acquets and gains heretofore existing I
between her and her said husband, and l
that she do hereafter have the entire l
management and control of her own sep
arate estate.
Done, read andt signed in Court on this
25th of May, 187.
(Sigued) P. A. SIMMONS.
Parish Judge.
State of Louisiana, I
Parish of Natchitoches,
Clerk's Office.
I certify the above to Ibe a true and
1 corect copy of the original Judgment on
Ifile in my office.
Witness my 'hand and Ofll
[L.8.] cial Seal this 29th day of
r May, 1878.
W. H. TUNNARD,
June 1.-3t.- Clerk.
SUCC'ESSION SALE.
Succcsion of Leslan Jl,'dhomme drc'd.
BY virtue of .i, ,de rhr 'rtlm the lion.
) Judge of th' . iPar'sh (',lnt ,t N'atet
itochelw Iprish, to l ine irected, I u ill otier
aIt pu lic sale I, thi, highesl.t hidder at
12. o'clock, M1.. at the idoor tf the. ('coirt
Iionse in this liarish. o,,
al l rdi y, July t ilhitl, 1 ),7 .
lilt' tvlo in., d .ri. .,I t(r:,It ,f hi and ht
1411;. lo ~'i,1 -.,lid 1 Ni .iv' '- ion. ti -\\ it :
4 4 It'l il 111 1i.t !'ti "~ *,a|i Ii;i 1".7 tt"itll
ialed ill 1th 111 . h, i t  ('I llt. h '!ginl, i at
•" I II I(ll , l 1 I ." " , li, lll vlll hGl lllý )ll'y )1
l' ., i t' 1\ : \\Il - it o 't ' ,it' lt,)ilne. 'it -
h,111;n I'.I ,. 1ie . htoiw kl wnt 11 , ti i, ýIith el
li11 t l t -ti t eelt' : . t l i1!a ' h-'sai \\'eIis
lim'l, thet is)ltlll it it'ft Ilt l'.r ;1av'( A1 11 . 1
l'1 1 ';, . lIt :'1 l tc , i i eth , "'tlht' ll its.
I7'intl '')O ift eCt of the Prae tl nict'.
JI, ,t ll ttl' . I hIS I. A\te tttrl n lllllllll. i ti'.
thoI :u1111 ,. .: ý,,. 11).\ - i , I ,I ;.1.lt inll I s
lil itie' \\t til ia I, .nt, 1. tnll I ligolet ti d
sit ,lit ui . lt t rall In he t, lte:k :" thict
i t1 1 th u ti" at if \ te 11 ant't 111" ' wes t I'r
itr i' iii"tIA' II,"1 V II l e J ily, hi p `1
t 1 : fili ti ,itig tiu'se 'ril, l,,t l lit. t'l -li t. h t
gtt't rit;1 t 1 lIt i. I ItII o-f N nIlt ow1 bnertig
loIc , g :lti, 1, l i ihi.n I,,i ll4a1. to the
phw- 0f hb'gilnniw,.
, e, l'l ainli parel(' O l'tn IIlv; nIf ll;lha i hIl 1 d
i l1 s 1: ' 10 : i'rt' ti he l '', In i 'trca on
1h1. ri:ter oi : l , tl : the l;ii oet t ,' lison
eDieIo hetht tlhei iit e I u.., Biorth :a'2.
ast t0 t ort Iolh, \i,":t lrnel r L if so ltb west
,llIrthr s'tI't' h \\tt est 'fracitiotil l 11a11rtt'r
lof se tiot (7 1 . vi i ll it w, shl. il (7'( ) lc ellt.,
tls , (.17) \, 'st : tlhei e e:aid to West ter
qrl t,,rl, st:d Ist tract, tifte'ing huidred
dlltrH noalsh. a.d fltr the hlanhe of lh.
pir''hase pri.ce, otne half therelof ipayable
in thle l.r t dayl of Jilaniuary, It t, l\ith
i per cent interest ohe'ren llrellot days, of
sa,1 ll til paid: c lld the o ithesr 1,:lf t uaYt -
ahh'le oll the ildaty lof nl111lr Imo. wvith
like i tsre t front dai ofi t sale.
Fo.r the il tract', li\'e hft ndretl do.lars
cash. and lt r the ihlanl e of purchlase
price, on : credit of (,ie ypar from day
of sale with t lner tint ilnteresn t anitre
froPat said day of sale, o. til J :1 id. Vell
dtr' pri\ilge and special mlotrtag , re
.liiedl on the llands above soul. with the
elase iof non-alienaSnt to the prlejudice
ofIvir te of 'or: 1 Prclhasirs ols;id landslll
to exvcutel their twelve months' hond,
for the credit price, with good security:
suich 1nds to hatve dcull force ant etlizet
as twelve months' bonds taken in sales
under writ of t irri faeias, ano the col
lection of w-ill hods to be enforced) in
tilthe allite tt r a ias twelve Illlontitt'
lnds taken in ac('eorqda1ce with articles
719 and 71d ,i the Code of Practice.
'. . PIl' IO.MMEL:,
Jhule I. Ids. Adminisltrator.
Shlerilfs Nale.
A. Io. llSctiayrac vs. J. P. Bo11. it llt .
District Colurt, No. .+131.
IS \i itn, f'e o' a writ of alias Ii, Fa. in
1 the al,\ve einitled aund numbered
tnit andt ti me diresctied, I have seized
and will otl'ir thr sale to the last and
highest hi(tld) r at Ihde ldoare of nhe C tlllt
Hlouse in the cify aill :n'ish of Nathhito
) s, ead of 111
1 certaill pice or parcel of land situa
0) in the ntarish of Natehi tohe., being
tlhe east half of north east quarter of the
north east qlluarter of south east quarter,
and soutllh east tlqarter l oflth least l lllar
ter of seetiln 4, cont o iiint 2 es
also 3 28 '10 acres ofit Ihe said east hall '
off north east qlarter and north eastl
qiarter of south east quirter of said see- .
iont 4, beior excess in said tract over the
(ii) located by irt f Militaly Lad
q(2)rr f no Carts. r
of(cion o, e aiig 257-1 acres,.
Sal t 7t-0 ' es d sa SOth eest.
qiarter of setlio 1, 1 einiH exeess hi sahe
tract over the iroa laled by virtue of
MiOne lotary Laienll ' Wa ul Crrant t88r' i f
Oai tratct of land beig situaod ir s town -
Tentai tluo aglrelate qoUanlr, tity ofre
19o l 00 ares Or or s togetheress.
orn riwih te er 7 all the builis ad i iove
iige ts the store.i g the same qur
Terms qf Saie.
C(!ASH--with the henefit of appraseme-t.
D. Af. P. B REDA, 1,
Jilne 1.-ttds. Co rex-offioSheriff.
Payne, Kenedy & Co.a vs. P P. Broadf atwell.
District Court-N Parish of Orleas.
f)Y virtue of a writ of Fi. a., issued ina
Js) the above entitled and numberedl Iul- I
bersud silit tland lo me directeted. I hav seized
ianed w ill offtr for sale to the last and
d Ihighest bidder at th Breazealoor planta
Ciourt Hsituated in the parish of Natihito1
Natchit now occupied bn J. P. Broadwell,
Satlrday, the 61th dlay of July, 1878,
-_the following described proplerty, to-wit :
(44) Forty-f thousanr head of (40,) brickules, more
or(7) Seve head cemeof Horses. ii at
fr() Twenty heaaroud teof Mates and Colts.o
(2tII5) Twenty.fivs hOtled of the ep. rt
Ho(9) Nine head of Hogs..
(0) Twenty head of Sale:.
(7)Crh-ith the beneit of . aisoeut.
Joll D., mIore or les.
One lot Fodder.Sri
. Je.*d* hr
,,,'erg. 'ir ofl piste .prlldn -
me, dec'd.
; Il ir'..ut of au Or f of t,,
r ).( ',,rt ,f the Iarish of Nthp.riahlli
t sale to t he highest hidd r at ,at ,l
theI ( 'olurt les of th.i ahe il
hot r of 12 ,'i 11'k, 3.1, on ! ish, ati
- 'Iurslday,, the 13th doay oº/., I
th, tllowihng descrieoif"r  un ,
21 Sliare in lth New propty, tt
,(ottot, Press, Stok No. 104i, als t
'Termis qf &S'le:
A.1Sil.
E1111.; lT. ANN Iitl;DHo0
, .l ' 1.-td- Ad h ,
11i.. A. 1º. I . thdav
,INO. IO, 'IAE,
.. Clerik.
NSlhrils5ae
\I'iit . 11. i liullt . o
t 1) r i t ' 'oilrt. l'Parish of athi
) v i t lie o 1f a w rit o f s i 'z ite a nhn
uiret, id I halii seitzit and wil t
:t . , . ile lit lh i leOl t
a:I tt lie ljgxt iid highest bidder at b
1 parish of Nath ito hes l, Ion t ue
and'l p:ish of Natcllitocle, it t
ltelliri htt, e an1t tinproeinewith
oIL i hi t lot hi g i ou the ilnllySt
.l 'i. ltiis sitrlet. frotti, in "~h i
I hstaced l y thirz rl., Pnurchased bat
sale of Mrs. Desiree,. I lertzg, to e
the veiidor's privilege and sPi 8
g:igle io sa:id Il'ioprty. i .
I'e€rms of ,Sie.
On a cr',edit of twelve months'; epar.
:nse-r to execute his I welvoe l0utthd Ie
fi"r thie l,,rchael price, with glod eliri.
tyl in solidli. ,Said bond to Iils initerst
'roln day of sale.
D. II. BOULLT, a
Milay 5 ids. fIlO I TLLl.
all 1RltT' -SE----"
SHIERIFF' SALE.
Ma yor and City Council of Nathitchi
vs. WiiI. Isedinand, et ale.
I )isitrieCt ('oiurt-No 8008.
lY virtilne of a writ of Fieri Pacis a
s lled ill the abliovel eintitled and lta.
lhered suit, anld to le directed I hba
seizted and will offlr for sale tosthe ie
lind highest bidder ;it lthe door of tl
Ci nrthonse, iin lthe parish ofNatchitoed1,
Saturdtrmly, Ithe 1th day of June Il87,
the foillowinig hdescribed property to wit:
A cert:ain lot of ground situated ihsl
city of Natclitoches having a front atll
feet oni t he East side of an ally klinao a
Sibly Ally, and runinilg Iack for det
120 feet, boindled North by lot of AndtoM
Cariter, South by A. 1'. Breda, Wedi b
said Sibly stlreet, the saniebeiung aslq
from A. P. Ilredia hy act of sale oif
John Barlow onl tlle 11th dlayofMayIll.
Also two certain lots of ground eitustd
in the City aind parish of NatehitoehL
opposite ofi each other on an ally kitn
as Sibly ally, each of said lots haviuga,
tront of 75 feet on said ally, with adpi
of 100 feiet, acleiiredi frol A. P. lrdbr
act of sale blire George W. Kearny iRe
cordler, ioni the 27tii dtlay of April 1874.
Together with all the buihlings sad
illiprovenullts oin lhe above dectilluld
Iots.
Also One Billi:ardl fable, F,.'ntbae
Pu-r lBalls and One Pool lo5ia~.
Terms of Sle :
CASIIH-with bnefit of appraisemat.
D. II. BOI'LLT, JR.,
May ll.-tds. Shetit
SHERIFF'S SALE.
J. W. Cockerhanu vs. D. Boullt'Jr,4t l.
District Court-No. 8206.
1 Y VIRTUE of a writ of seiztresl
salh, in the above entitled and nua
hered suit, alil to Ile directed,I hba
seized and will offer for sale to thbela
and highest bidder at the door o ti
court house, in tlh city and pariuhb
Natchitoches, on
Sthurh!#, the Isl daj of Jame, l'/8,
tile following property, to-wit:
A certain tract of land or plantathi
laying and being int the Parish of Natbitel
chites, State of Louisiana, and liingi ti
South East fractional qlarter ; theb Il
half of the North Eceast quarter and Ei
fractional halftof the North West fracti -
al quarter of section 4, Township 9, RaI
6, containing two huIlndlred and fi,14i
42-10(0 acres, aind six hundre ad andlit
seven 33-100 acres of land being and li
ling in section 62, sanme Townsidp l
Range, being in aill eight hnndred a't
eighty-eight 75-101) acres, together with
all the buildlings aind inproveullli
thereon.
Terms of Sale.
CASH-with the benefit of appni*b
ment.
A, P. BREDA,
April 27;-tds. CoroneIr,
CONSTABLE'S SALE,
L. D). LePanlmier vs. II, Patrick Antilq
Julstice Court Ward 1. Parish ofNatdeh
ichels. No. 160.
B Y \iirtie of a writ of Fi. Fa., laised
Sin the above entitlted and nulthll
suit and to lte directed, I have siil.
and will otfor for sale to the lIat id
highest bidder at the door ofthe OCse
lHouse in the city of Natchitoche., on
Thurrsdry, 6tl/ dal of June, 1t8,
at 12 o'clock M., the followiug descrilbI
property, to-wit:
One Dun Horse.
One Dun and one Roan( C,tlt.
Seized as tSie property of II. PitidL
Antilley.
Terms of Siile.
CASH-with benetfit of ailraisndli
J. IEONARD BULLARD,
May "25. Constable, Waadl
NOTICE.
Succession of W. F. Ilorrell aud 1
torsh'ip of heirs of IW F. IloelDl t
( IIRISTOPHER L. WALSLEYT,3
nLainistrator of the Succession al
F. Ilowell, and Tuitor of the minorbli.
of W. F. Howell and twife, havinigl
hiis accounts of Adninistration andf
torship therein, with his lpetition, Pf*,
inig for the holnologation of mel
All persons interested are hereby uot1P
to show cause within teu days frt.
Iuhlieation hereof iwhyi the prayer dt
petitioner should not be granteri.
W. lt. TURNAID
May 2 Clet
NOTICE.
Succession of JMrs. ('i ristine I'Ifeil
CHARLES F. IL'HERISSON, AdirLL
trltor of tue succession of MrIs. C
tine L'Herisson, dleceased, haviug D"
in the Clerkis ottice, his provisioul u
counlt in said slcctessioti. Notiee isi
by given to all whoml it nmay coune3r
show causee, within ten ays frO
.late, wh- said acotlUt should uo "
honmologated.
Witness thle HlIn. P. A. SimmourhZp
ish Judge. hi tis 2dl day of Mahy, '
1878.
JOHN LdPLAN
May 25-2t. DO ii