ionDs for0 thL par hIt)l h),
shesm of t-a author. not
it bbl un t nvieshlnEe of
nof thd wi.rpr e rrtte ulurlye
se and dates, to have a
a..and distinct.
aWY ~
der wicl
gITH LOVE. then it
Sdays _attic. N
Swth love, as she s
Wspsuwgwn love; gown, a
.all end earth do move soft wool
9=eBoTd wiLho To gel
S And proe go thro
' - °With love. ated in
Mi t bright bhrd, gables
Withlove, and bet
MP With'loveI had bee
is k with song, out of E
gbch She whole day long I his dot
TheyP rove door, at
S with love. bolts Wr
it b the brid
p s'r i Withlov, , dfloor la
lAlm e tovre; the attic
freshiert love's sweet sake,
-0 ao that we take This
SBut proe heart,
p t~With lore. and did
4asg. odwel, dos acr ae. ramblii
lioned
331t SAVED HER PATSER'S own, tl
I _0FR TT. the wee
spa lived with her father In adjoine
atry farmhouse. Her smaller
died when she was born, since I
Sfrather's only compan- ing, it
s arles girl of ten, with a ssh.
that was always get- dow-i
blsehlef. Her father loved height
ng her nlato all his coat- and n
to her of all his labors cornice
and treating her as the the cor
I of his farm, while her space
and thoughtfulnessfor others was ye
to all its occupants. Em
had been an old lash. been ti
bi ts dsy, and on its ruins of rub
of the barns, granaries door ii
wblhU hich abutted on the furnitt
lse, a stiff Dutch structure, and a
aube of red brick dark with' The li"
Tont door opened into a pas. of her
rced through the house, and ea
Sdtaother door which led to ping l
. On either side of the Sg t
were two high narrow win- afraid
saboe them on the second a ver
iraldgve ally narrow and stiff. nothir
seles boaug over these win- ing of
whence rose the steep roof, from l
andulating red tiles. The blade
uoulted'by a kind of tar- light,
ei ,wood, eight or ten feet picker
windows on all its four rubbir
little chamber in this tur- and
s esbd the observatory, carel
reaced by a trap the r
the celing of the look
'hich was formed by the great
Se house. The.garret shadec
Seatered by another trap- her e
au Into Mr. Vane's room. to th
ANA nenugh ia the ob- the si
Vr. V s ritan g-sdesk, the o
I i&]s asconts an wrote auk a
were lnfrequent; a t
do earn, and indescriba
sal ends were to be found in ea
d hims old-faoned
rutaolre. Ag stthe o
and a Mseo s low
ben handed down with
. evltowl tines, moti
i n a- pair of b mov
we omnadnded Gm e- thou
le tl mr/re. m rs
Ste rm lands, from he i
hic sa.
gage, iaeb
to fall late some caeless hang
a..wise, bt hallowed by moe
Such a one wasthe by e
aiate was due, from teo n
dian Ie iM, aid a
a oby wd evhra h n arlne
whaeesed leh dm h
sdep r aa sfarm Ian
msmm d o h dis
r her's arrival o tas hi
bhim. Ahattesaueel as
dbgilpi s aes, t t
word to those nearest we
t iete leatherbag the
e, ..ai ,wh ,eeohr tI
t ic
IlS m sy little Missele P
Ihad le theren the *w
5ja uhulastheenadof
inudthe measyla
*w Ismsge lleforlt's
hite oeroaglI to h
el go e fo ron outghl"
heu.. tha gt ad lay f
r , andth aenis oles ft
homse for te anghi. Sh ii
herathersstep bar- I
beforhentlredto his a
as thM house grew a
sh lae to dwhsoe t 4h
ha proat ead te
ber Sethe to . AI4 e
ehe
as Ir aMn
Emily stepped gently out of bed, and in the roe
stole to the window. How sharply out. not sore
lined the shadows were, how brght the earnestue
moonlight. Every now and in eat pet
clouds coursng over the sky wouhide was priso
the moon, and then it would shine out ished knit
in renewed brllianey and splendor. But perate at
there was a big 'lank of gray clouds an- aerve ani
der which it would soon disappear, and She lifter
then it would be too dark to go to the open the
attic. Now or never, thought Emily, quick as
as she slipped into her little dressing- wrist of
gown, and thrust her bare feet into her cut it thr
soft wool slippers. cry of pa
To get to the attic she did not have to the wini
go through the house, for it was situ- doll hea
ated in the old manor building whose on the
gables abutted on the modern house, coered
and between which a bridge-passage as she tu
had been built, which opened directly a sick fet
out of Emily's room by an outer door. ve wl
I his door was called her private fron aintin
door, and was locked by a big key and had sav
bolts from within. The other end of after lyii
the bridge-passage rested on the second was wit
floor landing of the manor, from which done or
the attic was reached by a long flight of knew a
stairs. time th;
This attic, the delight of Emily's happene
heart, where she kept all her treasures, the win
and did all her best-loved work, was a distinct
rambling garret room, with great mul- the grot
lioned windows, each in a gable of its deserted
Sown, that stood out from the old roof. It to het
Two of these big windows looked out to the tale
the west, and on the south side, which The
in adjoined the modern house, was a the thie
or smaller window, apparently inserted by his
a, since the dismantling 'of the build- The ga
e- ing, for it contained only a rough serous
a sash. The base of this little win- more-'
t- dow-it was some five feet in courage
ad height-was on the floor of the attic, propert
.- and nearly level with the projecting
os cornice of the house: while between
he the cornice and the window-sill was a
er space of about a yard. The old house Te:
rs was quite deserted and disused, save as vinegnl
Emily's play-room, and what had once is siml
h. been the hall was now an accumulation contact
ns of rubbish, gardening tools, and out- is to pt
les door implements, or castaway pieces of open a
be furniture, in fact a catch-all for all sorts, change
re, and a heterogeneous collection it was. may in
th' The little girl turned the key in the lock the sti
is- of her front door. It moved so silently ditions
se, and easily, that she could not help slip- conver
to ping back the bolts and cautiously open- greatll
the mg the door. The thought of being posure
in- afraid never entered her head. She was patent
ad a very courageous child, and knew means
ff. nothing to be afraid of. She was think- ousstr
in- ing only of rescuing her beloved knife he liq
of, from possible rust; and there it lay, its to slob
the blade looking very blue in the moon- shelve
ar- light, when she reached the attic. She anothe
leet picked it up from beside the fishing-rod, slowly
our rubbing and polishing it on her sleeve in a vi
tur- and shutting it, vowmg never to be so tom ti
ry, careless again. Then she looked around air.
- the room. How strange every thing An
te looked; very black, or very bright, the conve
the great mullions making huge stripes of gar r
rret shadow over the floor. After feasting ordin
rap- her eyes at the big windows, she turned with
om. to the little ones. Opposite her rose first a
ob- the steep tiled roof, and at the top was into 1
ask, the observatory, its windows glistening barre
rote a shining just as though there were their
ent;a ladle in the room. Emily turned to becos
bago down to her bed again, for she was gar.
Sin beginning to be conscious that it was rels a
med cokl, when she saw the window of the stron
ith observatory that was nearest to her lons
t a slowly open. She was spell-bound more after
own with astonishment than fear, and stood tilths
am, motionless to watch. The sash was teen
Sdle. raised and a man cautiously got out. He adde
bel. moved blunderingly and wkwardly, avert
sae- though he had his hands tied. Then now
from he bean to descend the slanting roof with
a l ivery slowly and warily. Leaning back the t
sgnt the tiles, hlodged his eet land veral
elbows Is their projtions, advancing sun,
hdinch by Inch on his journey, with his wei
esl hands still before him. Sudden the 80 d
d by mooan, which had been partilny en C
a the by a fleecy eload, shone out bright and ture
eystrong, and the little girl had only time artk
a t to recunie the man's features, before ro
his abank of dark clouds hid it again. Butalls
As she had seen enough. The manwas ton
h iad ils Cole, a laborer on the farm, who ples
sand come tothe house onlya few weeks and
me, back,and althoughlookin like stramp, eral
cr- no one in the country knewngr any- juic
Sa thing about him, had been kindly re-o
rte eved by Mr. Vane, and iven work thre
,and ad lodging. His fellow-rlaborers had rels
once or twice complained of his being a fer
Mr. drunkard, but he had promised amend- gau
pto ma, and had been kept on. Emily out
aw it all now. What the man as mu
wdoingwas clear enougb- le had been mo
farm in the kitchen waher father had i in
i the discreetly answered her Indisreet ques- ap.
Emily tion, and had resolved on possessing te
stake himself of the money. He had con- Infl
eI cealed himself In the gayret, assing po
ad through Mr. Vane's room before he  n
aest went to bed, and when all was still Ia the
r bag the house had mouated into the observ- 1
mpty. story to rob his benefsetor. He knew cid
leor thepremis well enough to be tware
that ifhe could deasnd the roof, and *k
ieelegin thelittle inadw, he could at once vi
rto reahte tfrmyad, and o make his pa
I the wayowi thuta goid mat the sleeping I e
end ofcommunity, or lear of rousng them. In
. rlithis flashed through Emily mind, Iir
ase-ee s -tood watci ng th dio a d digr. ,b
ns la he rept heedoy l opiaurd, holdin of
o sb spoils in lbh ande adore him, an ga
Stse orbu heab d as rb to the little at
v .ry 5 ' etny-.oo, 3 t- oh t ehoug
Swere eve then hal drunk. a_
s y had Lower, lower, lower, he eme with e b
Imt k"a hea fther's property clasped ia his ci
hn little hands. The bottom sash alone wa
she standingnk the window, onlya yard y dl
dlfrom the floor in height, and there,was p
moungt nothin now between her andthe rob- ti
sle of her but the abyss between the twot.
I. She buildings. She was eomplestey hidden b
tsep bar- n the dark eorner ofthe window, wat~-r P
go, ad lag with a faseinoatedgam every move- v
F, a e met that brought him nearer ad
l a mwa newr to heherhes r ta,, wildly, o
to his andherfeet chainedt to the spot. To a
she and man reached the coreeie n safety, and'
Se stood ap for a momal belo e he eppd
taert aoss. Then he stepped from roo to t
d o te roof, and in a moment was leaning over I
edth theb, spahlporting himself upon It by
ngahis Larms, and resting his fect on the t
stn a that ran arounad the wall out- 1
( taken Up I. this time Emly had simply
sto flwatced. She had not thoeugt what to I
.o where 4o She was tootrightned tor s away 1
1a b a help, sad yet she new that if she I
weald ssher fasther's pioptj must
i ro d . .h dO pMhp-usi beforeI
st he hi bandss ith therr spool wth them9
taba s uddenathem w Ith a ol erasedh.
wd her week blow never ould have
The startled man's hands
wi. ;, a n+ t.A .
s sh-"e dae'+ tr" - +l
.her . h sl ee. ac bl
in the room. All this time Emily did 4o we
not scream; she felt too intense an Steinbachel
earnestness in the work of trying to and the lei
escape, to utter a sound. Her left hand formed the
was risoned. In her right her cher- sale of the
ished knife was clasped. She was des- isfactory of
perate at that moment, and all the that the
nerve and spunk within hdr was roused. solely to it
She lifted the knife to her mouth, tore stone need
open the blade with her teeth, and
quick as a flash she cut at the huge _A lit
wrist of her foe, as though she would Foyle, sl
r cut it through. lie started back with a Pipestone
cry of pain and fury, lost his hold on means go
the window and fell. She heard the noticed,
doll heavy thud of his body as it struck shoot."
on the ground below. Her left arm was the child
covered wih the hot blood she had shed; him be
as she turned torun and rouse the house, that mon
y a sick feeling overcame her, her nerves book thi
gave way, she staggered, and fell went cra
it ainting on the bright silver money she pistol in
d had saved. When she came to herself
>f after lying senseless for several hours, it
d was with a strange feeling of having
h done or suffered something, she hardly Edwin
)f knew what, and it was not for some Court, Be
time that she remembered what had Joyous aS
"s happened. It was still dark, but below Jacobs U
s, the window she could make out the in- Ireat Ge'
a distinct form of her antagonist lying on mattie pal
. the ground. Slowly she returned to her
ts deserted chamber, and passed through -igl
f. it to her father's room, where she told risvill
to the tale. the pro
hb The house being roused they found bed. but
a the thief alive, but so bruised and injured mirror,
id by his fall as to be perfectly helpless. nearly a
i. The gash of the knife had done him no its west
ah serious harm-it was a bad cut, but no
a- more-while it had doubtless saved the
in courageous girl's life and her father's often
ie, property.-Examiner and Chroniclea. fur ate
og 99 superi
en Vinegar Making. of Sart
a -ed from
ise Tax secret of making honest cider gerjinai
as vinegar-the best sort manufactured- suera
ice is simply bringing the pure eider into cept an(
on contact with warm air. The usual plan iect s
ut- is to put the cider into casks or barrels sttmb i al
of open at the bung and leave it until the at fyi
ts, change takes place spontaneously, which
as. may be one year or more, according to
ck the strength of the cider and the con
tly ditions under which it is exposed. The prietors
ip- conversion of cider into vinegar may be says: 1
en- greatly hastened by increasing its ex- as we hi
ing posure to the air. Among various thetr p
was patented rmethods is one which by
tew means of a force-pump throws continu- TnE
,nk- ous streams of fine bubbles of air through ey for
sife he liquor. Another induces the cider yenow
its to slowly trickle over a series of inclined
on- shelves mnclosed in a box or closet. Yet cutar
She another method allows the liquid to run lunt's
rod, slowly over beech-wood shavings packed
eve in a vat in which are holes near the bot- r
e so tom to permit of an upward current of o reP
und air. RE"D
zing A method employed in France which in the
the converts cider or other liquid into vine
of gar much more expeditiously than do
ting ordinary practices, prefaces the process
med with preparing the barrels or casks by
rose first scaldig with water and next pour
was into them boiling vinegar, rolling the
ning barrels and allowing them to stand on
rere their sides two or three days, until they
1 to become thoroughly saturated with vine
was gar. This preparation over the bar
was rels are filled about oue.thir hSI with
Sthe strong pure cider vinegar and two gal
her lons of cider. Every eighth day there?
uore after two gallons of clder,are added tin
tood tilthe barrel is two-thirds full. In four
was teen days after the last two gallons are
He added the whole will have been con
Sas verted into vinegar, one-half of which is
Then now drawn off and the process of filling
roof with cider begun again. In summer
back the barrels during the process of con
and version are exposed to the rays of the.
cin sun, and in cold weather are stored
his where a uniform temperature of about
the 80 degres canbe maintained.
d Cider made late in the season of ma
and ture apples rich in sugar yields a better
time artile of vinegar of course, than that
efore produced earlier in the season of wind
But falls and green fruit. When it is desired
was to mnake inegu r directly from the a
who ples they are ground somewhat coarsely
reeks and the pomace left in the vat for sev
rmu, eral days previous to expremng the
tuie . After p~llll the  is al
oweto remain in o! re two or
ork three days t is thea drawn of In bar
a had rels or es, there to undergo the acid
ing a fermentation, with bunts out and a
mend- gauze or netting over the orifice to keep
Emly out the flies. Generally speaking, eider
a was must stand nearly or quite twelve
been months before the bangs are replaced
ad in- in the barrels or the vinegar is bottled
uqaes ap. Farmers, in making small quanti.
easing ties of cider for bheine consumption, not
I on- infrequently hasten the process by ex
assng posing the cider to a high temperature
e he ad adding a little old vinegar to hasten g
till in the acetarious fermentation.
bere - The casks or barrels in which the
knew cider is placed require attention. Cider
aware tainted from impure or musty vessels
f, and ill not produce a first-rate class of
a one vinegar. Iron-bound whisky casks, well
ke his pinted on the outside, are to be pre
leplng erred above an others for this purpose.
them. In manufacturing large quantities of
Imind, vinqgar the barrels may be stored in
re as hedor outhouse warmed by the rays
tolding of the san, or placed in the farm-house
n, ad garretor loofs fay outhouse. W.hen
e little stored forthe winter in cellmar the bar
ugh he rels should he rolled out inthespring
and placed under a shed with the open
mew bng asxposd to the sun's rays, but the
m was When vinegar is to be made from ci
a yard der already produced, be sure that it is
erre,was pue and proceed according to direc
the rob ti already given. It is quite unseless
the two t attempt to convert cider which has
hidden been treated with mustard seed, sul- e
rwatqO i phate of lime or jimilar agents, into
y move- vinegar.
r and A fairly good article of vinegar is
often made ingenious housewives in
a small barrel or keg placed in some
sty, and warm spot in the kitchen or out-house, a
sped the keg to be provided with a faucet and
to ungole; also, some strong stock to
in g over a J with in form of good sharp cider
on it by vinegar. To this is added from time to
at on the time, as it may be needed, few gal
ail out- Ions of hard cider. When the cider is
not at hand the parings and cores of
s simply souna fruit may be placed in astone jar,
-what to covered with soft warm water and setrn
runaway the sun or other warm place for a fort
htaI she night, when it can be strained and add
it must ed to the stock in the barrel. The ad
before dition of molasses or sugar in the pro
dlnga oCt portion of ay.* tablsspoonful of the
i tm ormer to a gallonofj f iceisthoughtt
etregth. expedite the conversion. Where muc.
tf-etd fruit is used the refbse portions will
" md have make enough vi for the consumI,
's ands iono of large , ad while by no
Imi mei means the asperior artlele that isp
asiteud desud from prea elder, stillit
*e Od's from the 3oiseass aclds too often es
idws eat In the vinegar of commerme ad
i t his therel o toe pnre erre o to -
h0w06 _ _ _ _ _
sue '.~ru
-~6(IT~ ~eI "Tha& Imtsmib
[Akron Beacon.]
OUR well-known fellow citiDea, Mr. L
Steinbacher, one of Akron's oldest merchants
and the leading druggist of this seetion, in
formed the writer that without exception the
sale of the hamburg Drops was the most sat
isfact(ory of anything he had ever sold, and
that the unprecedented demand was dueI
solely to its merita. Such emplatc expres M
sions need no comment on our part.
-A little three-year-old son of Mr.
Foyle, station agent at Edgartown,
Pipestone County, Minn., by some
means got hold of a loaded revolver un
noticed, and said: "Pa, I'm going to
shoot." Mr. Foyle paid no attention to
Sthe child, and the little fellow again told Li
him he was going to shoot. Jdst at e
that moment Mr. Foyle reached upfor a
book that he wanted, when a bullet
went crashing through his arm from the
pistol in the hands of his boy.
t [Boston Daily Globe.]
g New Eglstd Pereemal.
y Edwin A. Wadleigh, Esq., Clerk Superior O'
e Court, Boston, Mass., adds his name to the
d joyous army using and recommending St.
W Jacobs Oil. He certifies to a cure by the
a- Great German Remedy of neur ltiaand rheu
n matic palain life fftmiisly. it- ..
h -Lightning at Carlile's Hotel, Mor
d risville, Pa., struck the flag staff, passed
through the roof into the bedroom of
the proprietor's wife, threw her out of
d bed, but only stunned her, shattered a
mirror, tore out the window sash, and
. nearly stripped one aide of the house of
its weather boards.
he OGrea5t 31,Iei
's Is often suddenly experience I from an attack
of cramp in the stomach, colic or other pain
ful affections for the relief of which nothing
is superior to Dr. Pierce's Compound Extract
of Smart-Weed, or Water-lepper, comlpound
ed from the best French brandy. Jamaica gin
ger gr.smart-weed, or water-pepper, sutd anodyne
_ gums. For ditrhluea. dysentery, blod.tlytiux,
cholera-murbus, its warming, soothiug astr.al
Ito ent and heating properties renud:r it a per
an feet s pecilc, unsurpaased a3 an anodyne and
els stimid ating enlbrowition or hiniweut. Shtould (
the be kept in every family. told by atuggists
h at fifty CCnts.
to Conuatent, Rettable.
In writing of the " Warner's Safe Reme
he lies," of which 11. II. Warn:cr & Co. are pro
prietors, the Eciting :.,pIatc'h, York, l'a.,
be says: "We say all this that is good of them
ex- as we have a perfect faith in the efliclenc of
their preparations and uunbounded faith in
Sthe truth of all that is said good of them.
nu- THE regunll Teaer AR'e Grease savde ta
h ey for the c6stsselr The light colrred pr
dr yelow loosens the spokes.
lid-ý - --------
Yet Nusvos', won\-OUT WOME., having pe
culiar symptoms, should not fail to try
lru Hunt's Remedy.
ked ---L
bot WlLuorr'a Fever and Acue Tonic, the
t of old reliable remedy, now sells at one dollar.
REDDIN,'S RUSSI-A g tLVE. Best family salve
iCh in the world, and excellent for stable use.
THE
EAT BRMAN
REWMEDY
NEURALGIA,
SCIATICA,
LUMBA0,
OAC'rleH
80R&N.88
SORENESS
o0r 1
CHEST,
RETNROAT,
QUINSY, -
SWEIUNGS
FROSTED FEET
as,
EARS,
TOOTH, EAR u+
P HEADACHE,a
All ITEl PIIS
AND
I ACHE
en "bri·ngwih piamcan have C esas o
A. VODELE a Ce
as ,ueriu,t . e , se. V. A.
OAL
tITTE
Rich in N.ueabisOm t,
ealth & Stzath
Do not onfo this Matchles Renovator of Feebe
md Eharte Contitaions with .iolent egthrtiuu
br
nmse, ocuwhema. MIALT DITrkEI CXPaJY..,,--,,
itll ea tho &eSwouth
,tiBliou, Fickle , Apt
[Pthel
.La a-,-I~ea~~·i
SADAIt . BRlomrtrlNt. tioawthIlarewfor
AMt ONTHI abGE1mTS WA.IS T
I f In tie world; a Im . .
iT-- i siie TIE 1MS THOUSMS SU n S WU a.
Iu g.an. NAlr NII) Cred. wil
o OF IT8 MERIT8 I ,
Th. 1lo J. oitaU on_. l)' bbolnA. table A .
.wattIwrcelt-n I ertiflcaeholdelr A" I.1 foerts '
antidDower Ass', 2011. Eighth StWeLet St Lu, nd . g
IT AS EEl TRIEt n tOUSINDS SUCH IOU. o..
WHO HAVE lEE CUREDSI
reit
UNSOLICITED EVIDENCE ,,
0 OF ITS MERITS! bla
iThe CItY Mlral of I ,nlu llr may abonut Ar
d LF1U . Lni'inkOWAL54I: Thcttalfll(r c I
bt net lt *und a leater ca ais r lut o 1 edy. e an
Extraordillary Ofer!
rOn our Improred OfAI TIl1IS
of NCYCLOP DIA
ITIOUETTEiBUSSINESS
I Tl i IORthe ntpeli t and onll onplrete d reltlblt t
ltu work on Ell U F t it en( llasntl . lald l Ntl. IL
I li how r to pnertin all i a rtloua dt(its' ofl Ift. ad
nl ior to  n arr to otllhe Irt idlr;ll; on all octatlon.
!I ll bp !'rllled.-atl lll f irtlhlt ll colnllinltla
I nfull deseI f of ework and 'xtM lermto A ntS.
_&e Addr a._A rioNALPuBLiediK- Cu*'t _' Lotie. Mo.
si ll p If tiýtt II, r c tl- t. H
er- 5 tn ontrhis tlisnd rl Urln' dato tr
nid Y : r intlnll low-" d
AIt w manuertoA ihdty&ns a
en1 e, Pl a nd O ort .Agtt 1
f or Ieckur ilrotlrs.
lliairne . I t L ou.I , o
meNL_ j Oilv' Alr' Ct. t.. Louis. oi..
._ - - , , , - , - , , - , ,, - - ,
FOR CHILLS AND FEVER
aaD zza DrnmiA.sB
CAUSED BY
ridual Phisealg
OF THE BLOOD.
A Warranted Cre.
Price, $1.00.
3Pr 10o sAL IY ALL DOOtI.TI.. .
A OCHEMICAL MARVEL
·h athou nd lgkl I
In our f ft hom ceter nornee.
Seltzer bobbles in the Itlans
ThasAnt's rans APeIIKant
Gives the rare elixir birth.,
Healthful as the fluid sent
Flashig from the breat of ntr
Time sad dilstanceWht are thejnl
When Art thus can reproduce
nHu " thousnld leagues Sil,
SOWL BY ALL DRUGOSTS.
SYMPTOfs OR A I
TORPIDb LlV R.
pretpis ander We shoulder blde.t *Ue
Tue. er with diinolnstIo to L
eOertin o l O mind, rritabilit of 0
Isteprow with feeline of av.
gMg neiI  o duty., Wear. Dse. pie.
sineu rluttrin .t thne ,Heart. Dot bee
fore e 4 eys, ellow Skin Headach.e M
gedtersUl over the ige hte. Breties_ ens s
t rihLM deams, hny, hgt Uria e Oru a
CONSTIPATION.
TUTT'8 PILLS
..I et ra in ameSif
O o 8S nm 3 »M Now Y
an (te ".
*idi I fiean 4* Lei no 4r a
thi s TIVEremedy fr Pla in the Brack, basre tlead
the aches, Dtizziness. Inflamed Eros, sloelag, lght
SSweats, Torpid Liver, Painful Urination, Gravel, mad
Sb1e- all Ji eases of the Kldneys, Liver or Urinhl Organs.
n" It is a sae and certain cure for Leeuorrhea, Womb
SDiseases and all Female Complaints. AL a Blood
oi sale byDlrulgists antd all dealers.
, M. WARNER an COs.,
-erebteVeer N. Y._
TIE OF TlE IEST 30018 Fe
SINGING CLASSE.
TEZ TEMPLL
ee afltrl istl -book asntheabovh thisadvatO
ser a ler one: ar yo have bees through its
pelat oe msaw eoeu, hav ang its cheerfl
g ..aadG l5islitanl sioes mHIs Tuns
and Anthem. You have en bard a large eolleetise
which is tut the thing for Choir p acte, and also for
I i . M r. isaer ',ll f Sb oor Shathr
I 1?ii sqpmiiii M Esbow r a aoa asa* O lela
ol s,0,hamhenaeibsd adaaohsewboLa
t-l hhaehhb bed the CROUS 00on tiio naU
Job 1gL, ltho ,m author. The w e-.
a spieebkgtdiesedibm ser imrth as
um .mmm & S, LYSI & AULY,
r, YIL
Dooks by Mail.
S.-IORA'S NOUSEKEEFIG.
By Mis KnULA.4D. Price $l.60.
"it ..cuple a lith 'rto uatillled feld In Ilterstuttr
and girls ad their mothers will be equally delighted
with it."--The .ldrrtnce. Chic(ago.
A-TRUTIHS FOR '1W-DAY. Flest Selries.
By Prof. DAVIL Swiuo. 11 mo., 15 pages. tited
apeFr. Pri, 11.50.
O.-4APTAII FRIACASE.
From the French of TitE.oPttn.r GtarT'TI. timeO.
G. P. IPutnm's Sonsl. Fap,. tcr.: -.hcyot. tli..
"Ill title delightful work ulauirlr atilyti,'ttd .,i .Ia'l
end produced the model of picturetsque ironices. -
IlenrU Jatmes. Jr.
iO.-HER 31RO3?T FUTIU E.
A brilliant story of American life, drawn from 'act
a.ud actlon.
The Interest well sustaned d satuatlions addtnlt
bly portrayed."-Chicago Times.
Any of the above books sent by mall. prepaid. M 1
receipt of theeprice aaed. A. N. ELL ,
9o Jweom Uwstreet. ChieggO.
It te let food In the world f Invallds IIId H al .
AGE. iS WANTEI) TO SELL
RMONISM NVEILED
e nThmOMaPLEt E C ad O1ER KHF.ELMNG
of the CRIME AND SECIixT PI'ACTlilkS
*'irf o im Includes toe Lie ansd confesstol o
th on f ishopU I , John . I, Drlnghall Youtig.
pItFUSLY ILtUSTI A T.Ii. Sells to..etatllaIi.
Addres, H. I. N AuMMELL & CY. , ST. Lotuc, Mo.
KIDNEY DISEASES,
1 LIVER COMPLAINTS,
Co notIpatiOtl and Piles.
It lt-tC-'.._ ,,thaeroYt rays,, e.n cs
a t , lofhI6, Tnstb 1 h Iss actOd .le" 6 aarm. It
is. hascuroedt inaty yeid cases of Vtl, and has
a ueverfailed to actieflleiCenItl .
s. elson Fairchild of St. Al i Vt., says"t
[o. ofl,rlceelve4alui. Atei.rite, year- ol'geet
frig fro et PIies asnd Co ut;rivenes It com
,letely cured me.e
C.H.lnotgaI'om ocrfBluro, qsr "One pack
eb" done wondes for me Im eomnletel! cur.
ineasvereLver sa iJldaetY Comt .nt
IT HA8 m]l
SWONDERFUL Wl
S POWER.
e na"ltb e A eathetrMES, th°e EOiWE"
the tlt1J3 at the, asm tim.
lecau fIt eleannes the sesteSn of
thepo lonoushumOrsthat develoPS
In K adneyand unal diseeese, Sll
lmm a, Jaundloe, ConstlpatlOne
pfl - Iff heumtlam, NeurallI
aileD ui dls0ordls,
,iu.d am b eha ba tlmall peepuai.
lOe pa'kage will makeaix qt of medicine.
agr1w ite at the Dshihts. Prie., t*I.
TL S, 3E0 8oD1s0 CO., 1ropritdor,
R 19 (Wlluwdpa..sIris) Uadhrptas, V.
I V || R iI .Br .Jdm un ,m ....... .. dl
,t C';ro, rd sd hm m . Opnk",,l pmoe
ACTS DIRECTLY upon u lle
m4 ecru aO N1 atural prone. o reof~helnta.
",* A R CaTELIREMARKABLE CURES, whir
'"- BY it. Bev John r. Keaaea
a., iom in.D K.ell=- T. 8. MU-
S ~~~~6 ~ ~ benrciaan to wbatre or we refertr~~r~l~b
iSTIRoN ED $ l"Wmdld e have them » :re"
I cuit VS pOWO?
add Wtllt~enca «Lrt~raea ar eno"ý ee tmp·
s tsIm s I i
heali mu d ,ti Ai th "U~ tro bl.ý I su Jneomr.Ei tOoV [ttmar
k hmroim, ýl u ENT coa mo/m~~~-m~munth. 4nP .,
N m OX ea '.E w
eU & i ofhhinah a re nR " q . .o oro h o
tlp t Ol
. oa tel tf f o o hiPI e ru. ao tshu td O u t.eMo a ,
Ia at m o mb d "u ire onr edllae i tW a w 4a
for e m e tlon RusM e ket
wlwia •tn b , becauseit is a othier blldaren *. T•ýR1t :`
ssf meyfrrh C sI. .,. .
i t"' "- " 'ii"'"" "  '~n~l~,
T rIhis. , I eU
Itw1tue osmto Wig &~~ h ell
heylgetatI whc r oe sos r o i Amto, hadhv
Cot ue. 4 ¶U . Onti.. July It mt, a
  ,' ,,,..Ti.om  . .
- )-. M i t ni t , th f3, Res d f t . asi sa , and . ,1
rsl
ive
___ f alat i~eýM t ea~V volMI 'pf
>cfolitr •now
e nl:- LI. IIIII• NIP" -
, o.tlrl 1. mta ..amre , ether v olume ill afaopi f
vli ile t -tirLd ve Ir m -
Ch
Io Slurhn. Iui~ltWt o ou . * tm
II1)1ro ;~ 1 s
ise. In "i l .o uys r efui
;bes w aohf _A ol o, 5ee, ln ' frthi.y t In ch a
Ihoo4 YUV'-. --WIte,-k--.p~td I o aupusdtha th en,  of. m o.ec who w
.... ,SFmWU.and lam " '..ad.assee-'sol7the old
Sode . me stof inm w foolremeds foretu m ' ...,. .lIuhq
beu~7 ll to hoko IUitama Perec Dad a.~ 11 3ed "or She eariests
d al ; th h r n he ,º-tim uL... ly
rzd" Isis oI, wu t wtt a
t 'r oý nlwbenl Knowte . wM '1 1 " t
rgal . ia_ .. .., , ,., . . ahev. , ...... . d. a. opa'atal,w " "
t11! fuair PM Alu er
I) apll OWIL 0 qni~iueu1, .,,~ ·!, -
loo dardiM look"ll
fo ft"g frl'P. .' P 1ofA.,l e. ., ..
I,0, .  -c---
he - alylteI w~i ll e rad a~iot Oco U'7eIOO Toho orth
Abtu m e 0114ricins0a", _Additions
me ana fe tar Doieto .,fr .
d tlera o of U ereal n darl top far IQ' to,
f ei r" 'vlm .wl eread I October.I and other teltfure wl e ll aa t (apd apoibe 'shole
Aprll , Ittlan d probabl y NOWh pri m Peti s
I ttp asuablerol . t1 oet Itohauc s s eenlea
eo[ I00. Kor MI iaslis I5.
i·ffd tiT.1 Unlve for owltlwedE',,1j0c (kl r S
etdenWith n lsll rtela in w~~noe f the olicy
aa foh eTwtin n Io 7Nb1r will d o gup!..1.t,5 the now of th ose Ame
leetabsmarl msilcat tl the wok"t" yet... htsis ntotu esapoe
ý1efawllf = =d ast' 1 r bbl o d,njfLIB
v·ls ~ocn ~nk h,ols..O wbS. -·ntn;-j~~ I$U'1.Ir av
fter theto fir b co me I of flee n p Uil*nu ,-iiil r In L1u oebu liblrL · ,
motUl of them aonC fo n vo r. M nOO. seel l'. q. I while
m of tte~Ll Ldoc ran3 low w that the lboelton" e ia ýljl0.WO0 and Rst the earliest r
and does w it pp ultlle to do, will be gild to salvei ever pu wred la lllr country even as "s
ý l.*sW ro fte S PJd eg mayU
modem'j 31cIweaY'5~S Ioro~rUma.Cvol5.,Oi.W. ubsemaeu eet uveN ,b S. o bemw
e VW~ m n w l be uDlºet C h alO(sms lifts
e. l 'Encyclopaedia
dvaftUea is daer - ecoedifIFratel Saa.h 0
Womlb As G ortion of the Ular of pnlrorsal Knowledge. we to" ypl~til ~ ~ L~~b~
Blood Amnce rl.Mespis ro altli ibLlsplns (rUmr~n~~cida~lsl~
In hibir~lB I als e er mec
from rot!' ýaa~~-~r elnO. nhs +yr i onmesr
ley pop wide eIn 9),1tf alfRusia, glt IP "o1ep hew T hoe0 -
K her Ch ng roa volum s will bewady priceof ce 11 clumnsDnMe ` t
hA~l~t, hul ull.orlrrraul' '1dm~i(
d i iot
""IAmeri can Add tos
> aeat trrr ltlons to Clstmhers's 1*7p> leaned n*apW;lh·e ie u krebofe60to11 fits.
ýj racy of awl: n prerea ifli 1 ea) pe column in cloth.~llnlI It "b in 1 us, hlt tp ý
F 17jei thJe pace be in
II;; ýea t pý;' r. a nd)oth e rro'u m es wil){ s r
complet~ed by AyAril 11*1 amnd prohah s net. Price for the se of ont olum' j" ' °M'' Nit
thelth..00 [ortote b1/ atsaý I, li The tot b a a ofAtwca mplW. w t 1il
ý--.ý..]nnn n U te y1ý
'OR THr HAIR.U
BURNETT'S
OCOAINE
ABSOLUTE
CURB FOB DAIDBRUE
BURNETTrS
OCOAINE
CU00E8S BALDNESS
AND SCALD BREAD
tJ autfully illumlattod Ta. ai Hulit (ook 'ree. P"
t ,z to a08S. IURNNITT dr 00., &wwnit.l
--MR8. POTTS'=
Co1diHanle Sad Ir
I[., :
-FOR SALE BY
THE HARDWARE TRADE.
Fruit,Wineand JellyPress
Priee, * OO.0
For Seeding and Estraoting Ju~
ALL FRUITS AND BERRIES.
E EVERY FAMILY NEEDS ONE...dg
ISemd ITS a t0 0alePe, Free.
FoB SALE S TE II IADIWABK TIRE
WHEN WRITING TO
please sy you saw the advertIsmWensa 1
this paper. Advertiners like to k.*
when and where their adveet(1m8tm '
,are paying best. .