JA.N . IO. C~OSROVE, ... Editor.
NATCHI-TOCHES
aATUARD'Y - - - Jly 29, 1876.
Advertising 81a1e18
,qua1rie.... $4I Hs 66 $10 00 $15 0 0 20 )
2 xqniare... 700 10 :1 00 2) 00 25 00
3 squae1.. 1000 13 00 IS 00 25 00 3) 00
4 #qare... 14 00 18 ol 22 00 :1to 0 35 00
Sn ra... 1700 2 00 27 00 35 00 40 00
Sgsnare... s) i) 24 00 32 Uo 40 00 45 00
SIqu:~ne... 2100 27 00 36 00 5 00 70 00
Ssquares... 24 ) 3) 001 4.) i I;5 00 480 I
11 squares... 3') oft 35 00 57 00 105 1)
15 Square"... 45390 I 61) 00 70 00 100 00 125 0
0 sqn"are,... '9 00) r)0 o 90 0) 125 0(0 I SO 0
Trayicent ailertiselents 1..5)1 per square of
Il) lines jirevier. first inasrtion. Each nubse
quent insertlen 735 cents per square.
All rhang"s in advertisements to be
charged as if nIew.
Transient advertisoneclts nlust be paid
for in advance.
All bills with regular advertisers ren
dered quarterly.
One inch of solid brevier constitutes a
square.
Marriage and olbituary notices beyond
the simple announcement, resolntions or
eards of thanks, charged as advertise
ments.
RaIttes of Subscription.
One Copy one year ......................*-.00
One Copy "ix nonth.......... ....I 0(
(Payable in advanse.)
9315 PAS 13 ON FlLE WI1T
Mire AMUwelhb CmareU ean be ma.
"W. W. SHARP & CO.,
PUBLISHERS' AGENTS,
No. 25 Park Row, New York,
Are authorized to contract for ad
vertisingin our paper.
Denmoratic Ticket.
FO PRESIJDENT,
l amu .. E!3,
OF NEW YORK.
70R VICE-PRESIDENT,
Whos. A. r~rI IDOIC.,
OF INDIANA.
*ANNOUNOEMEN TS.
W. 8. CAMPBELLrespectfullY an- 1
non s thalint he is a candidate for the
noumination for the office of SHERIFF
of the parish, by the Parish Conven
tion to be held 14th September next. I
',We areathoriedi to anouunce tlhe
s name of EMILE DEBLIEUX. for the
offee of Clerk of the District Court,
ahmjest to the nomination before the
Democratic-ConservatiVe Qonven tion
f the Parish.
MANY FRIENDs.
Be it Resolved, that
JAMES E. KEEOAN,
of Ward six. of thisparish, be requested
to nsumit his name for nomination for
$ 'iof this parish, in the Couven
ftion.
Be if further Resolved, That in the
event of hieaceeptinl this call, that this
Ward will give him itacordial snpport.
LEONARD TRICHEL,
President, Ward 2 Club.
If A. E. LEMEE, Esq., will consent
to allow his name to go before the
Democratic.Conservative Convention
of the parisl, for the office of Clerk of
,th District Court, lie will receive the
cordial support of
MANY CITIZENS.
Several loads of cotton for sale one it
4ay this week ln .town, but we don't cl
think the merchants or cotton buyers
situhemselves to death to buy!
According to the New Orleans± 1
STise, when the niext Legislature
meets they will repeat one of Horace
Greeley's sentences, "go, West." 1
At tli adeath of in Avernge Loutsi.
Sean iadfcal Legislator, the Govern
meet 1i immediately troubled with t
the wbk f iilling about a dozse va- e
eahl.
'RATIFICATION MEETING AU
GUST 7TH. 1876.
S,Goterprs of the latest Carpet-bag
..e. , furnisbed by the U.S. Marshal's
ulid'U IIAitritt of Louisiana.
Plenty of melons and -igs for 4
Sisle in town during the week.
:S everal of our merchants left on
Sthe Brt "-Able for NIewOrleans,
A pleasant drink during this
l: riot weather can be made with
aigsr, fe. V~4tr, and about a
puitsa t falemohn-Try it. Some
.t is JaniUea Byorup, which
aa °gristly to the compound.L
ma.ber .-the great BATIFI
SOATIQJN2 I(1"G to take: place
j o a ;the 7th day of August
tTGu Sa hMdw of the tars.
t& peri .s on rModay, Angust
: IA whipup te mes
(T U 013 if B D O
n -T4i~hepdple
Town vs. Country.
For lmany years, either with or The
without cause, there has existed an compl
unreasonable prejudice in the coun- ticket
try against what the people choose to Louis
call the "town clique." In what this all tri
prejudice had its origin, we are una- ernlne
ile to say, but, we can in all truth- nceot
fulness say this: it is about time that on th
such things should be forgotten, even the re
if there has been heretofore any just any
grounds for the foundation of snch who I
unwise feelings. All the active menm- count
hers of tie party here in town are fully
working for one object, and one ob- and I
ject alone, they have no particular othel
rnan for this place or that place, no tiat
r particular frjend to reward, and cer- that
tainly "no rings to form." The par- S. B
ish site is necessarily the headqunar- of tl
ters, the great central point in a po- suit
1 litical campaign, when every one ex- and
pects the operation of the party to be If l(
planed, and as a matter of course, and
the gentlemen living in the town are lor,
I expected to take an active part in ar-. and
r ranging and maturing these plans. zen
and fiequently, however, much it tect
may be desired to consult others in Y
the country, there is not sufficient thot
ia time allowed them, and they must con,
00 therefore act in their own responsi- aned
*bility, or no action will be taken on inl
important matters. This may some- gift
times appear to the average country- stll
man rather arbitrary on the part of hoc
the townsman, but, we think if any of
fair-minded man will view the sitna- cufl
tion in its true light, lie will be con- her
** vinced in a moment that tihe existence of
m of the "Town Clique" is a mere myth, of
and dwells only in the imagination of pri
c, t few men, who are determined to be the
satisfied with nothing, unless it is offe
d- something to grumble at. o1fi
The work of organization has al- aft
- ways been for the townsmenan to do; for
lhe is expected to do it, and it is un- rat
reasonable to suppose that he can gr
please every body, however conscien- the
tiously he may perform his duty, but him
there is one thing certain in this ase
campaign, nothing will be done un. sot
less in error of the head, that will peI
militate in the least against us, or coI
operate to our disadvantage, for the str
ý only incentive to action has hitherto be
been, and will continue to be suc- de'
CEss. This is what we are all work
ing for, and in the distribution of the co
parochial offies, we hope no man Pa
will be put upon the ticket, whether mi
he lives in town or country, who is al
not capable and available; mere lei
In- boundary lines should have no weight al
1he with the delegates who will be called all
u- pon to choose our standard bearers, olo
at. all such things must be absolutely wl
te ignored by them, for it is becoming pl
the recently qdtte annoying in our local hi
ert, politics, and this question of where a in
tie man lives, is" being more minutely at
ion discussed thian his qualifications. e
We hope hereafter, wheno gentlemen w
- hear this matter mentioned, they will ti
immediately deny the truth of it, and tl
sted do all they can to encourage that w
for unity of thought and action so neees- L
ren- msary to a successful canvass; for we d
the are at no child-play, and every thing h
this calculated to destroy the harmony of tl
rt our people shoutld be excluded. a
. Our hopes are centered on the sue tl
cess of this struggle, and personal t
te considerations and selfise ends must p
tion not be allowed to creep in and en
of danger the triumph of our cause.
When we shlall have won thie good
fight, and freed ourselves from the e
abominable carpet-bag rule, then will
be the time for us to look around, and I
e if possible, reward those who have I
loo't claims upon us. (
yers I
CRiAND RATIFICATION MEKTIfG.
eans Remember Juf. 7th 1876.
ture -
THE EVENT OF THE ClAMPAIGN! I
wrace
Raising of the TILDEN and HEI.
si- DRICKA Pole.
erl- Every body is most cordially in
with vited to participate in this glorious
a va- event. Many distinguiseed speakers
have promised to be with us, and we
AU- ay-reasonably hope to have our dis
A- tiguiished member of Congress, the
HON. WM. M. LEVY, here. Re
I-bag member the day, 7th August next.
tha's
ThIe card of President Thoe. Arm
strong, ofthe Mansfield F4Pmale'Acad
Sfor emy will le found in another column,
and all those interested are requested
to take notice. This jstly celebrated
ft oi Female School has for many years
Pans, enjoyed a good repotation among as
here, and many of oar young ladies
have been educated witlhin its walls.
this President Armstrong has been spend
with og some few days in our midst and
at a informs us that he expects to open
thme tie school at the neat session with
rhich lInreased facilities for teaching, and
, a larer number of pupils than have
ever before matriculated.
place .We have the remarkable fact
iagst to record, that the river at this
place continues to rise, and with
a few more feet of water could
S a ve a beat at ar landing! This
gst phed ae is very rarely seen
816s at tbi season of the year, particu
larlywher. it has been so excee
•i~foi . , . .. .
W~Afl~L.-4U TMO SAJD
The Convention.
The Baton Rouge Convention has Gen
completed its labors and given as a isle of
ticket worthy of the noble State of acclan
Louisiana, and a platform on which ventit
all true lovers of Constitutional Gov- natiom
ernments can stand fiat.footed and entlhu
uncompromisingly, compare the men preva
on this ticket with those making up the 11
the role of the Radical rascals, and if St. I
any sensible man, black or white, clans
who really wishes the welfare of his the I
country cannot see the difference and There
fully appreciate the merits of the one, calcul
and the bare.faced impudence of the Gen.
other, then, all we have to say is, a bet
that lie is very obtuse. We contend mili,
that the candidacy of U. S. Marshal of th
S. B. Packard, for the Governorship Lo
of the State of Louisiana, Is an in Orlei
suit to every decent pman in the State, port
and should be so considered by them. ernoi
If he has inot had you, sir, arrested strei
and outraged, lie has had your neigh- cess
,or, which is one anmd the same thing, J.
and it is the duty of every good citi- gresi
zen to see that Ihis neighbor is pro. Elli
tected in his life amnd property.
Yet, after all these evil things
t thought of and enacted by him, Ire D
conies before the people of this State ings
and asks their suffrages to place Ihim pur
n in the highest position within the of t
gift of the people I Tins is not all in- fact
sult I Is it mnot an Insult to our man- ry c
if hood that this man should ask this carr
y of our people whom lie has hand- snml
. cuffed-imprisoned--dragged from it al
h. home at midnight, amid. the shrieks viet
!e of frightened children and groans pos
Ii, of terrified women, placed behind A
of prison bars and scoffed at in the
1e their confinement? In the place f will
is offering himself as a candidate for the and
ofilce of Governor, lie should be made pas
I. afraid to breathe the air of Louisiana; con
; for the memory ot his villainous ope- for
.- rations in this parish in 1874, lives fors
mn green and fresh with our people, and cat
n. they treasure a lively record against out
at him and his worthy sattelites, who ed
is assisted him in arresting and abusing per
n. some of our best and most innocent to
i peeple. A day of reckoning will cre
or come, and those who have been in- the
le strumental in this unholy work will yet
to be forced to give an account of their cat
c. deeds. the
k. We ask colored men if they can I
ie conscientiously support this mamn nu
an Packard for Governor? Can you stil
er make up your minds, living here poi
is among the people you do, to say to thi
re him in so many words, "Yes sir, go mi
ih ahead, we fully approve and endorse COI
ed all you have done, and it meets with sei
re, our entire approbation." This is mt
ly what you say to him and to our peo- tim
ug ple, by supporting such a man for the na
cal high position he asks for. You offer yo
e a us a direct insult by supporting him, sit
ly and your acts will be viewed in no oth- Pe
or light. So it becones you all to think n
en well Ibefore you cast your vote-for of
il thiis man, for you must remember dl
nd there is always after eonsideration, tl
at whlich may not be very pleasant. to
es- Look at the claims of the other can- ti
we didate and behold the vast difference I
ing honest, capable, and intelligent, he is
of the man to command your respect, w
and assure you of your right. We re
oc think there can be no hesitancy be- h
nal tween whom to ehoose for thie high cm
int position of Governor. q
e. From all parts of the country we ii
hod ear the cry for rain I Many plant' d
the era say they have not had a good
will soaking rain since last April;
and consequently the corn crop will t
ave be, in their section, very short, 5
Caterpillars have been seen in dif' t
fereut parts of the parish, but not t
G. in alarming force, and if the dry
weather continues, no fears need
76. be entertained of the serious de- '
GN! predations.
PlY GENLY.-At this present writ- 1
ing the dust in our streets has be- 1
come almost intolerable, A dog
ion passing along. in a dog-trot will
kers cause it to fly in our faces and we
I we have to grin and bear it. It is dust
dis- everywhere, dust in the atmos
tie phlere, dust in our hair, dust on
Re- our clothes, and dust in our chair,
t. dust in our bed-rooms, and dust
on the piazza. Pass it by gently,
rm- in God's name.
umn, It is becoimng quite fashionable
eted thlronghout tie State to form colored
ated Democratic clubs I It appears thus
fears far that the one in Baton Ikuge may
ag as be considered timhe banner club having
adies registered more votes than any other.
ralls. Could not our colored citizenus here
end- attempt to rival them I
The work oforganisation through
wth out the parish goes bravely on,
, ad and it only remains for a few more
have WaLrds to complete their organiza
tions, when ever9thing shall be
S in working order. Rememberfel
fact low-citiaens that in these primary
this steps you are only getting in con
with condition for the great work of
oni the campaign.
T Caselas M. Clay has declared in
seen favor of Tilden and Hendricks.
ticn- This man has been through life
ce- oppied to taeI Demoaraic party.
'ses HebiiwatLhe lst man in the State
of te atuk to qise ase abolition
AI ggr and snee that 'te be hba
bee< sakj a.
7'ks:#r.r
OUR TICKET.
Gen. Frank T. Nichols, of the par- Was
ish of Assumption, was nominated by Eve
acclamation by the Baton Rouge Con- chang
vention for Governor. Ilis nomi- the loh
nation was received with great for the
enthusiasm, and perfect hmarmony overp
prevailed. He was the choice of to lil
the people, as Tilden was of the and tl
St. Louis Convention, the politi- sible.
chins not being able to control appes
the great uprising of the people. "Ali
There is no man in the State so well portis
calculated to enthuse the masses as catins
Gen. Nichols, and no man could give used
a better guarantee of an honest ad- amplI
ministration than this noble champion multi
of the people's rights. their
Louis Alfred Wilts, of the parish of At
Orleans, received the unanimous sup. fore -
port of the convention for Lieut. Gov- tion
ernor. This combination means Presi
I strength, and foretells complete suc. from
cess in November. Gen.
J. B. Elam was nominated for Con- tion
gress, Fourth District. Gibson and ra I
Ellis, re-nominated. plac
.- -.,e - --- then
The Duty of Delegates. men
e Delegates appointed by mnass meet. of J
e ings or conventions called for the For
i purpose, should feel the responsibility Con
a of their position and appreciate the legi
- fact that they are acting in a fducia- of t
- ry capacity, and tre not at liberty to the
is carry out individual preference. They prof
I. simply represent a constituency, and was
n it should be their aim to reflect the te d
vs views of this constituency as near as pri
s possible. ,
id Any attempt to bargain or barter eve
in the interest or wishes of the people luy
of will be looked upon with suspicion, stri
6e and those who may engage in such a Hot
le pastime, will be held to a strict ae- am(
a; countability hereafter. The question can
e. for every delegate to ask himself be- or o
es fore he gives his vote for this or that the
id candidate, should be, "am I carrying sor
at out the wishes of those who appoint- by
Io ed met" Whatsoever may be his the
ig pers.onal feelings, they must gire way is c
nt to the expressed desires of those who yi
ill created them, and if in carrying out Se'
n- these views he meets with opposition, uti
ill yet it is incumbent on him do all lie CR
eir can in the interest of those he has tio
the honor to represent. pre
an Delegates attending a Convention BIll
a,, uninstructed by their respective con. an
ou stituencies, have much confidence re poI
ire posed in them, and it is all important En
to that they should keep this fact in tio
go mind. We cannot conceive that any do
ree convention in this State can be as- an
ith sembled in the interest of any one at
is man or any set of men. The idea PU
e. that any particular individual or any thi
the named dlace or parish has claims be- to
fer yond another, is simply a fallacy, and H1
im, should not be allowed to divide our to
t people in the coming election. This is Ca
nk not the time nor the occasion to think m
for of rewarding men for any act they have tii
her done, or for granting them places on e3
on, the ticket because they aro supposed p
nt, to have done something of merit, but no
an- the main questions should relate todi
ce! cipaeity and availability. S
e s No man must be put up against o
ect, whom the enemy can cast a slur or P
We reproach, and if his character for e
be- honesty and capacity is not beyond
igh cavil, lie mast be left aside. If thee I'
questions are not well weighed by t
delegates, they can rest assured thlat e
Sin making a ticket they only invite I
ant* defeat. ,
The aspect of the gobertatorial
l l campaign in North Carolina proves
ill the truth of tile statement wlhich we
ort. have frequently made, that the tri- t
nmaph of the Democratic party means a
dif the end of sectionalism. Wherever
not the State governments have been re.
ds hitted to the hands of the people, and I
the natural rulers have resumed awearS, t
1ed there is peace, order and prosperity. t
Sde. The issues of tie war are laid aside, 1
and tile color line, which wai begun
and continued by Northern Radicals 1
for partisan purposes, is being rapid
ri ly obliterated. In North Carolina
s be- both the candidates for Governor
dog were prominent in connection with
the Southern Confederacy, and it is
will interesting to observe that while I
d we Judge Settle, the Republican candi
dust date, was a red.hot advocate of the
extremest measures of the Southern
Imos leaders, Goverbot Vance, the DemoI
t on cratic candidate, was quite cotwerva
hair tive, andresolutely opposed the )avis I
admnulstration. Thisai sufficient to
dust show tliat war issues have been taken
intly, out of tle politics of that State, as
they will be wlierever the people are
permitted fairly to govern thlemspmlves.
lThe resi~ ht'wll be tflwe i eshall hlarsve
an old-fashkoned camPaigpn i Northl
lored Carolina, the result of which, what
thus everl it may be, will not leave a bitter
y taste il the mouth. Let the same
ig feeling be allowed to spread, and
pattiep will be reorganized in the
ther. Southl without regard to dead issues
here or sectional lines, or qaestions of col
or. It is only necessary to overtlrfw
the Radical Republican policy of sec
)ugh- tionalising the Boouth.--St. Louis
Tlmes . '.
more We haveheard of some fine
niza- water-melous in town during the
11 be week but have seen none as yet.
or fel
mary The Democratic-Conservative
con. party of the 9thb Ward, parish of
k of NatehitolSee, met on the 15th
inst., and organized their carn.
e in paign uab,. Colored citizens as
well as White enrolling themselves
asembe. Oaers: G. Ieounr,
arty Preaient, J. L Morantmni, 8ect'y.
ite Flshbing eseuario to the diferent
iton mparts of the parisab ad oea the kline
0hs are tbesomnlnalt nthe reg sad in fact
pabh- some the t parties have retained,
it as earagedln iaos they eoald u atkh
$sb·'.~
Our Washington Letter.
Washington, D. C. July 15, 87t. A nm
Every one seems to appleciate the Solut
change in the weather produced by cratic
the long rain of last night. The heat Ward
for the last three weeks has been so 'itie
overpowering that the people seemed o'e A
to have but a single object in view, ident,
and that was to keep as cool as pos- ident
sible. This morning most of them Preshi
appear as usual, in hot persuit of the poifiti
"Almighty dollar," while at least a Tift
portion of them are bent. upon vindi- Dr. C
cating the truth of the old aphorism ing pt
used by Lendply Murray, as an ex- Wt
ample tunder one of his rules, "The pertot
multitude eagerly pursue pleasure aspoliti
their chief good." local.
At the Capitol, the Chair laid be. a neg
fore the Senate in answer to a resolti- l nhI
tion of that body, a message from the litica
President accompanied by a teport publi
from General Sherman and Brigadier and r
Gen. T'er'y, in relation to the condi- ten
tion of aflairs with the Sioux. Seve-t twe
1 ral private bills were reported and 1I
placed on the calendar. The Senate ed fry
then proceeded with the Impeach- andI
ment trial, but owing to the absence worn
of John S. Evans, the Post-trader at Re
Fort Sill, at 12:15 adjourned as a tle r
Court of Impeachment, and resumed hone
"e legislative business. The remainder are
I of the day was occupied in diseasing TI
0 the proposed amendments to thle ap- plhi
propriation bill. Mr. Frelinghnysen -nll
I was rampant; sooner, he said, than fore,
be driven to legislation on an appro. heat
I priation bill to save tie appropriation, Tha
ihe, for one, would let this bill and our
r every other ono fail. If Mr. Freling- out.
he huysen does not now know, lie should RI
strive speedily to learn that the enni
House alone is responsible for the h1iZ
amount of money appropriated to for
)n carry on the Government.. The pow- E
er of the Senate, like the power of bher
at the House of Lords, is simply advi
ug sory. If its suggestions are accepted
ºt- by the House well and good, but it the
is the House persists In Its position it antd
is clearly the duty of the Senate to day
o yield. The present position of the shi
gnt Senate, and the position of the Exec- ofih
in, utive Department of the Government mow
lie especially, is from every constitu- e
as tional power of view, and to all the did
precedents of constitutional history, tiy o
on simply monstrous. It is practically tar
in. an act of usurpation, and if suel a am
re policy were attempted in monarchial mo
,,t England, it would lead to a revolu- 'I
in tion. In such a contest no one can tioi
doubt for a moment where the crown gl
as- and the lords would go. If the Sen- ash
ne ate and Executive are right in their mm
lea policy of defiance and antagonism to h
ºny the Hose, tile clause in the cousli- tce
be tution defining the powers of the
nd House on fiiancial bills, is to all in- to
our tents and purposes a nullity. Thie Y.
is Constitution nlearly" prescribes how
uIk much money shall be raisd by taxa
ae tion; in other words, how nlteh moo
on ye the people shall pay for the sup
sed port of thre Government. If it does
but not mean this, it does not mean any
to thling. The present position ofl he
Senate reverses tliA order of affairs,
int overturns tihe constitution in this res
ror peet, and declares the Senate and Ez- p
for ecuntive shall be the judges of hIow e
nd much tihe people shtall pay into the P
Ese Treasury. No one will contend that
by this Is the Eurrect theory of or Gov- iO
tltt ernment any aore titan it is the theo- o
ite ry of tie English Government. It o
President (rant has tile right to su.s
pend the operations of the Govern. i
ial ment beCarse he and the Senate con
oea stittite themselves thie sole judges as
tri- to the amount of Iotbey necessary to
ans carry on the Gavernment, it would
ever hardly be a stretch of authority upont t
andhis part to send a file of soldiers into t
ay, the House and eotnpel the majority
ity to vote him all the mtoney he desires.
ide, This, altlhoughi not upon an appro
Spriation bill, he has again and again
pid. done In a State Legislature, and it
lin may be, t he Is contemplating the same
rnor procedure in the present emergency.
tIn 18119, when Gen. Grant was inaugun
hile rated there were 54,207 civil employ
mdi- ees, to-day, according to Gen. Gar
Sthe field, a Republican member of Con
n gress, there are 102,000. The amiable
rva- General wants thie money to pay his
avis cohortsa and hlia Senatorial friends are
i to trying to get it for him.
taken RE NO.
to, as
Is are
Tdtes. I'ittlts.-To J. J. McCook, of the
ave well known Arm of J. J. McCook &t
hat Bro., of this placee, for late papers
itter from Cincinnati.
same To Mr. L. Perot, for a late number
d of the New York Herald.
isses To the favorite packet New Dart
f ol- Able, for files of city papers.
Louis A CARD.
Had tile Editor of the Republican
fine inquired more particularly into the
affairs of tlhe Chief of Police4 he
Sthe would have found out tt t the Chief
et, of Police daring his absence, left a
representative in ilis plac, eapable
of satisfying may demands of the
rat editor, Should he wish to know wiLy
el of he absented himself from town for a
15th few days, let him go out in the cons
try and inquire of his ammrws oerea
Stryfricnds, (which lie seems to think
Il as hle rs.) "CHIEF,
elves Nashlitoecbes, July 24th, 1870.
our, Governor Hayes' letter of accept.
e et'y. ace, says the &ap'oubmaMlth, is like
- it. author, "tob thiib" to make con
vleent verta; too weak to moake entbhiusiasm;
aline toe evasive to make party strength ;
in fact too, "sed up" to make any reason
amd, sdable man believe it is the honest ex
eteh piJon ol the optoiten of r honest
man'i
Meeting in Ward Eleven.
Ala
A nieeting of tie citizensh of the on tilt'
South East corner of ward 11 ibeing brerf i
called, we met and organized a Demo- CaCptl
cratic.Conservative Club No. 9 of ihat'
Ward Ii. death,
The meeting being called to order, ie of
olbject of the meeting was explained ; tien a
Mr. Allen Wheeler was elected Pres- of her
ident, Dr. R. E. Jackson, I Vice-Pres- startle'
ident and Mr. B. Llorens, 241 Vice- of her
President and President Wheeler ap. the boi
pointed Dr. G. C. Cunningham, Sec ate D
retary. the bi
The meeting then being in order ate no
Dr. Cunningham offered the follow- her no
ing preamble and resolutions: notic ,
Whereas, All good citizens have mauiin
certain rights to assert and duties to of ed
perform in the management of our of all
political affimirs, National, State and If, ind
local. A waiving of these rights and fill pe
a neglect of these duties have fasten- rgonie
ed upon the industry of the country the I
a horde of unscrupulous leeches, po- friend
iitical advcnhirers, who plunder the The
public treasury at every opportunity, guess
and are fertile in resource, prompt in and 1
acntion anid reckless of consequences. while
whenever their pockets can be filled ('14
at the :ta payers' expense. Wh
I Whereas, we have fearfully suffer
ed from the misgovernmnent of these iprget
irresponsible and unscrupulons men, childr
and have borne the infliction with and 1
wonderful patience ttherefore Iw it she us
t Resolved, That the good citizens, place
the respectable tax payers, and the 801 1
honest laborers, must see that only fimnile
upright, capable and honorable men
are elected to official positions.
g That we ignore all political wire- Po
pulling and pullers, require that all -Co
n fficials whose records are tarnished, ty of
shall step down and out, at once and abon
nforever, no matter what name they Unit
bear, or what politics they profess. that
That wre will elect honest men to till their
d our public offices, and then see that the I
they remain so, or they step does dad strati
out. edge
d Resolved, That we hold implacable rane
mc enmity against the prevalent demor- bein
alizing system of rewards for politi- spec
1 cal subserviency, and of punishment by t
to for political independence. edy,
r. Resolved, That we protect all ntern der.
f bers of the Democratic.Consrvtative tmed
party in the exerdgse of their political fide
nrights. atte
ilieseolve, That we hold a disgust for bite
it tihe wild hunt after office, which char- 'r
it acterises the age ; that we hold to equa
and admire the mazll of the purer bee
to days of the Republic, that "office ofte
ihe should seek the man and not man the Acl
c- office," ; and of the rule that the just wiln
nt mode of ascertaining fitness for office inst
is tle capability. the faitihfalness, and of I
Sthle hionesty of the incumbent or can. feet
le didate'; that we call for a reforma'
y, tion of tle character of odr Legisla. At
ly ture by elevating to that dignified
and responsible position men of high
ea r qualifications, purer morale, and 1
al more unselfish patriotism. of
In- That we earnestly call the atten- be
!at tion of out people to the gross ne- Ti
Sglect thdt we have in the education tlm
of lthl youths of our countty, and we bel
n- ask for a faithful attention to this roe
sir matter. bet
to n motion, and it being seconded, set
o the resoldtltto were adopted by the for
' club. t
lhe On motion, the meeting adjonrned (am
in- to meet every saturday at 4 o'clock fill
he v. u., until changed. thI
ALLEN W rHEELER, JR., b.
President. t'
Xa G. C. ColaStOHAnJt
0 Secretary
up- I ---wo-~~
lea Meeting at Alien,
Ie (CaVu No. 2-WAU- b No. )
mir, Saturday, July 22, 1876.
rs 3lr. A. P. MIassey, member of tihe
Parishi Central Executive Comumittee,
ow called the meetimg to order and ex
tie plained thie object thereof as being
iat for the purpmat of effecting ant ef
fciet .orranitamtion of tile Democrat- t
ic- Conservative pasty in this mportion
io- of thie Ward, and also to act in co
It operation with time iBeulahi Club.
On miotion and duly seconded, tihe
. Club pr,|eceded to elect tile follow-a
n U og ,amled oficers t
onl Thos. 8. Roach, Presidents f
s as Ben Woods, Vice-President, r
r to R W. Freeman, Secretary.
It was duly resoied, that on Sat
uol rday , the 26tl day of AgrUst, 1876, ,
pol the members of this( lnb do proceed
into to Beulaih, and there, In conjunction
oritwith thie members of said Bulah Club,
elect delegates tio the Parislh nom
inatiig Convention at Natclhitoclhes
pro- on the 14th day of September nest,
gain i accordauee with notice emnanating
d it from thie Parish Central Executive
Committee. Further, tat thie said
ame Beulah Cilb is hereby requested to
cy. take cogmlzace of this resolution
ugu and act accordingly.
loy- On motion thie Club adjourned un
r-til Saturday, August 5th.
Con TriOs. 8. ROACH,
on President.
iable it. W. pREENAN,
y hmis Secretary.
LITTLE Rivwn, July 13th, 1876.
O. Dear Vindicator :
We send you proceedings of tihe
f tle 1lth Ward Club No. 2. Our people
ok & in this part Of fthl parish are wide
awake and a good number of our col
apers ored people are earnestly workin
with us. Go ahead with your oo
imber work; we will carry thIe parish by at
least .5i00 mejority. We think thatr time
cow tidef, Van Dusen, had better
art Boult up his Blunt thimg and carry it
off; the range is giving out, Iis flue
Bredas ate nnmarketable--no more
buyers. Send him word to take the
61d thing off, it amells Ibad.
blea.. Respectfully,
o time Ilth Ward Club No. 2.
hef CoiLtas, Grant parish Lal., can boast
pable of a newspaper,
r whI'ot disagreeable; lardly more
for a bitter than lager beer, and much
oo- more satisfacetory and pleasant. 8im
CO*t* mona' Lhet Reg,,lator can be taken
think at any time, withoet interfering witm
1EV business or pleasure. It is so gentle,
Ssafe, amd such a good digester, that it
- is often used after a hmarty meal to
:eept. settle time food and relieve alny ap
s lke ptchenuion that thie meal may disa.
e o-gree with yoea.
g A full supplyl of Job mterial just re
ceived, and piting of all description
easae executed wb nestness and dispatch at
a t ex- this ofce,
eneding matter on eery page.
DIED,
At a few minutes before eleven o'elokl
)n the Lmrllinig of the 4th inst., after i
britef illness, at her residence ahoye
t'amptd, MAIBCEIATE ELY. consort o
Riclhard W. Fleming, aged :i years.
That "in the midtst of life we iare l
death," is instaneed by the dnldden
inie of this estismable laly. ier rela.
tives and near friends had scarcely hear
of her dangerous illuess ere thely wer
startled by the mnourlufl :n ullncii e!nI
of her death. She tarried not leun
the boundary line, but bowed lifetf
at once to the mandal;te of the great teip
er, )Death, and with resitgnation laiddoi*
the biurden of litr,. No decreptitutmie
age nor intirmity of health fureshaldo4
her near departure, libut the fiat wrhi
dlice may disobly had gone forth, t.
illning her in the bloom and usefknh
of earf1 womanhood, to the final eluIlj
of all mintrtality. Do we therefore nlmell
If, indeed, ehristia:m virtue and tlhefalj
fill peritlniiance of every dutyl tilnd li
recolmpelse anld reward whither !sho
golie --and whl may doubt it --th i
tihe loss of her grieving family a
friends, her great and everlastinF P
The deceased possessed in a high &
guess those femiimnimie qualities ormwi
and 'heart, that riiae lasting frien%
while her soeial and domestic virt
engginig muanners alnd line counve~
tioniAl poers endeared her to all hemr
Who, that enjoyed he friendship, u
forget the graceful hospiitalitie her li
dispensed! By her deuath fount il
children are deprived of a mother'slto
and protecting care, the circle in whicl
she moved, of its crowning jewel, and j
place made vacant therein that willP
soon be filled. Her afllicted husbandIad
faiil' have the symnpathb and eo.i
lence of imany friends.
POISONous REPTILES AND lNra53
--Considering the number and rarue
ty of poisonous reptiles and iseetQ_
abounding almost evetywherein thit
United States, it Is not surpthirg
that cases of death resulting froe
their bites are frequently recordeib
the public press. But it does au
strange that in this land of ksnl.
edge, people should through iags,
ranee give themselves up to die adte
being bitten, when a cure can l
speedily effected in the worst caue
by the timely use of that simple rea..
eidy, the Seven Seals or Golden Wa..
der. The proprietors of the grem
medicine have a large number ofta"s
fide certificates in their posauees,
attesting the most wonderful eurmes e
bites of venomous reptiles.
The Seven Seals has been form
equally efficacious when applie to
bee stings, which as is well kans
oftentimes prove fatal to the saml.
Aches and pains of every descriptit
whether accute or chronic, are alua
instantly relieved by the appliatia
of the Seven Seals to the parts ae
fected. jol lem
Attention Deftoerats and Cor
servatves.
Resolred, That a Paisho Conventise
ot the Democratie-Conservstivepisty
be called to assemble in this ety, A
Tlhursday, September 14th, 1876, fey
Sthe purpose of nominating three
e bers of the Legislature, and f llVP
s rochial ticket for election in Novt.
ber next; and that the basis of repe
I, seotation be one delegate (slid ral)
e for everyt fifty votes cast for Joh.C.
Monente, in 1874, and one delepe
d (and vote) for every fractional'piI5
k fifty votes so cast-under whiehsli
the several wards of the parish i"
be entitled to the following reprate
tation :
Ward 2 9' Detgste2:
4 3 2 "
" 4 4 r: ."
" It 4 "
" 7 2 "
' 1 "
" ! 1 "
" 10 5 "
he " 11 ; "
,' 12 7 "
xr
g Total 35 Delegates.
f In conformity with the above Ubs
ht Intion of the Central Executive C
n mittee, the several Wards of Ii.
0o toches parish will elect deg!t!
said parish Convention, whilk 1i
he assemble at Natchitoches, on
p- THIRSDAY, SEPT4, 14th, 1B7
for the purposes set forth in the abs
resolution. R1 E. BURKI'
Chairman, Central Ez3 Co--i'lt.
. R. 1W. ' oATlOI, SecmtaBr.
For Sale.
1OR the purposeo ofottlln settlin
Sthe ftlowinug descrlbea p a
are offeted for sa :
1st. A certain plantatlon or itrm
land, situated in thed patish of lia
State of Loueisins, ont the rigt
Red river, descentlug, oppd t4`
Bavon, being in sections __
n Township 14, Range 11, Wusei
ing l193761100 acre .
''his plantation has now in ealt °
and under good fence, about 31
more or leess with valuable
monts, consisting of a dwelliD
gin house, negro eubnjus, en
'all necessary ot1 bildp' IU I Thi :
a-_ion is flnely timbered,  t sb
to overflots, and wilt be so 1,-
sle, on the following s  d
One.thrd cash; the =asdafo i•
two year, with imort.agp aU ,
privilege reserved, wit_ l -
r-te of per p ent, on the credit P
of the price, from day of ale.a
2d. A certain tract of land W
tion situated in the parish ofOI.m '
of Louisiana, on the left _.beak
ion Dieu river, descending, ib
a grant of 610 acres of lad
Congress to Lestan Prudheui'.
signee of John Baptiste DsU
598 841100 ares purchased by
ed, Lestan Prudhomme, fromn
States, in Township 8, Range We ,
taining, in the aggregate,
acres, more or lees. This
also, now in oultivationm, a
three or four hundred acre s
fence ; is finely woeede; d not ,
overflow, and has all the nceea
jugs and improvements theree .
Terms of ade the same -- the
For informaton apply to the'
iot ed 13 miles below the towsnf
chli. or to his brother,er
dhomme, in the city of Natchiteeb"
F. A PRUDaHONs
Agent and Att'v in Fact of the bel
legal representatives of estasu 1'i-"
me, deceased.
Weekly Shreveport 27.M and
Tdeqruph will insert the above
bill to this ealee.
July :2-3m. or tf.
-.