tappc'0 t lilitlh12,.
O F F I Cr AL
Paper ofthe Pariah and CityofNatchiloches
JAN. H. COSGROVE, - - - Editor.
SATURDAY, -- - AUG. 3, r7it.
AN NO U N C E M E N T S.
FOR CONGRESS, 4TH DISTRICT.
HON. J. B. ELAM,
Of DeSoto.
FOR STATE TREASURER.
J. C. MONC UR E,
Of Caddo.
FOR THE STATE SENATE.
Natchitoches Parish presents
M. J. CUNNINGIT M ESQ.,
subject to the action of the Pleasant IHill
Convention.
For Sheriff.
We are authorized to announrce L. A.
DEBLIEUX as a candidate For Sherif,
subject to nomination by the Democratic
Convention of this parish.
Necessity of Unity.
This year, of all others, it is essen
tial that our people and party should
be united. We have yet the fruits
ot the victory of 1876 to gather, that
if nothing more should hold us uni
ted. The VINDICATOR has been
persistant in its etforts, and we have
been successful therein, to instil into
the leadership of our party the fact
they most suggest something other
than the old story of "beating the
enemy," to solidify our people. We
have insisted that some other battle
cry than, "sanything to beat the rad
icals," was required. We have point
ed to the fact that "partizan lash'
would not drive into line thost
whose services must be secured in wr
der that we should win. The ele
ment in Louisiana which won victor%
in 1872, 1874 and 1876, and without
which victory will not be won in 1878
are intelligent and aggressive and
they require an issue, both specific
and bold, shall be made before the?
will take active part in the contest.
Without their work; even if they are
negative. this State is lost.
The danger to democracy in Louis.
iana is from the thralldom of the
machine politician. The effort to
defeat an honest constitution had its
strength in that class. If they suc
ceed in securing leadership, and gain
control of the party management, the
organization will go to pieces,
All that is to be gained, an aggree
sive canvass, reform in government
and an honest constitution, is through
unity of the rank and file of our peo
pie; the defeat of all that is to be
feared, the machine politician and
the loss of the State, is in that same
unity.
Let us right our wrongs inside the
party. If we most revolt let it be
against self-constituted leaders, but
let us at the same time present to the
enemy a bold, unshaken front.
Be unite;be firm; be brave!
W. Jasper Blackburn.
We publish a letter from Hon. W.
J. Blackburn, in this week's issue.
We do not agree with him as to the
mode of "scraping off the barnacles"
-that most be done within the party.
Let all the good, vigorous, men in tbs
Democratic party combine to over
throw the ringsters, and they can
count on as for support.
Our State must be redeemed first
a new Constitution containing ample
barriers to protect as from spoilation,
and our liberties from rude assault,
angst be our first effort.
The "bad" and "ring" elemenats
have just given us a fight ob that
question, and we have overwhelming
ly defeated them. That fact is sof
ficient to show what we can do if we
but combine.
Let Col. Blackburn think of this,
and still battle for the right. He did
as valuable service in 1876, and will
yet receive his reward if he but re
mains true to those principles which
underlie all beneficient government.
New Orlesas Solid.
The Democracy of the State should
feel not small degree of pride in their
Capitol City. Patriotic always, it is
not found wanting when the hour
comes to decide whether we shall en
joy an honest Constitution; a Con
stitution, the haudwork of the soy
erign people of the Commonwealth,
or to continue the existedoe of the
bayonet edict of 1868. She declares
for a pare Constitution and sends ens
£sudred, or more, delegates to Baton
flouge to carry out her instructions.
It is in order to enquire; what has
become of Onachitat
Yellow Fever hbssmide its apperit
sance in New Orleans Thirty-eight
cases and niaa death. are our last re
ports. We have a plvt tteleiram
from New Orlesauae der date 30th,
stating that the fever had abated, and
fear. of its becoming epidemic dis
%pelled,
Our etiseaes hs betti0 pst their
premeeasts order. There an be an
harm l. htplag clean. Ms. Oneewa.
bikes that 11i ad al~t 1i4eI
mize wih wite, W
Letter front Chailiriae iParisih.
EuDIoT oF ViNDiCATroR:
If I had not seen it I woultl not lhave
believ"d that thie Mate of f Loullisiana
could Iihave sosoon relaipsed int'' such a
coiindition of dliscontetiit not tto say hople
less dispaiir, after ihe l'ihinteracy had
obtainº'd f'nil p~ossessiol of dtairs,; but
so it is. nd it tells bully l to he si-call
ed better (lass-the itldest and best -
who were to completely redeem the
land despite the evil days. so soon as
they got into power. 'rThat every thling
is in such an minsatisthetory not to say
shameful condition, is indeted lameuta
Ile-not tucn blet ter if any, than ill tlhe'
darkest tldays of Raldical rule; all of
which no candid mai will hardly Ipro
tendtl to dety. And this all is thie nmore
tldepllorablel whleu we remember the pjr
noººnº1l of the two rcinx, :11and1 thie hiigh
promllises atteding the accession of tite
Democracy. The general irule already is
to get into otlico at all hazardtl, and in
any possible way; whereas, to honestly
try to accomplilish somietliing for tlhe
common good, forllis thle rare exception
to the general rule ofeurrent denuiagogue
ry and dlnplicity which now so disgrace
fully rules the lhour.
In this inmmediate locality, the great
effort is to organize the party in such
manlner as to keep certain ring-masters
in Office; ant to make this the more
sure, the main poilnt is no to manage the
thing as to again, if possible, entrap
Republicans into voting thle so-called
Democratic ticket. Particularly is there
a great reaclhiung out in this direction for
the colored element. But thlls is likely
to be a failure. Many freedmnen voted
the Democratic ticket at aist election,
as an experilleut, under the promise
alnd in the belief that it might I)ring
about a change for the better - particu
larly among themselves: I know I so ad
vised them. But many of the whllite
people openly and candidly confess 1now
that no great or gllelneral good is visible
even to theiri owln race. andl the coloredl
people vlehemenltly Iver tlhat none has
come to them, ibut if possible incllreased
insecurity, with death and destrluction
heaped upon liorte and nlore-alnd they
swear almost to a man that thlley will
not again vote the Democratic ticket, if
they can help it. And why should they ?
The truth is, hundreds and thousands of
the white people througllout the State
the truest Demnlocrats-are already dis
guested with the so-called Democratic
reform, nuder the present seltish antd hy
pocritical organizaltionl of the party, and
would gladly give the whole party thus
organized and thus inspired the go-by
for ever; but they see no practical chaIn
Ilol through which to float out into better
waters. The Repullican party. as a live
political organization in this State, can
hardly be said to have a safe or decent
existence-except perhaps in this Con
gressional Destrict-and the Greenback
party hardly can llope to have much
separate strength in the South in the
pending campaign; so that nmany good
white men, who really see no practical
relief or redemption in the act, may
nevertheless for the time-beilng hang on
to and again vote the Democratic ticket.
even under the present minions and hy.
pocrital or!anization of the party.
But I tell you there is discontent
among the people-the white masses-a
real and Practical discoutAent amlong
them, toward their so-called party lead
ers and rulers; and it will ere long-nes
pite all the muzzling which selfish party
drill backed by a puling andservile par
ty press may apply, and in defiance also
of all the vain and wilfillly false promis
es which weak demagogues may continue
to make-break out and assert its rights
f-assert and viindicate its own redemp
tiod.
And nothing-no one inflnence would
so much speed this much desired end
as an able, manly and honest press.
There are now but few-very few-such
newspapers in Louisi'na. Yollr own
permit me to say-anldl the Ouachita
Telegraph, are altout the only honora
ble exceptions which I now recall to
mind in the country parishes; and it is
special curse of Louisiana just at this
time that such class of newspapers are
so few and far between within her bor
ders.
They had a mass meeting here in Ho
mar recently, the snothered spirit of
which showed that the people-tIle hon
est masses were just readly to rise and
crush out all selfish personal dictation
and tyranny, and spit upon the promises
and pretensions of weak and false lead
era; and the time will come when this
will he done, and mny be donie ill a great
measure at the approaching election.
All that is wsnting to make it a practi
cal success at once, is a firm local leader
ship and a fair voice through the public
press.
For you know, to accomplish political
success upon a safe basis, and properly
to vindicate the rights of the, people, it
is essential to have a fair and able news
paper press, and a competellt voice on
the stump-all free and untramueled;
hut this the people of Claiborne have
not, at present.
You know the part I took in the last
campaign, and I think you will say that
I did it in the most unselfish good faith
burt as grea't a contenlpt as I had for
what the Ridical rule had then become
to be in this State, I am candid in say.
ing that had I known that Democratic
rule would turn out as it has, and that
the hand which I helped into power and
place would so soon turn and attempt to
smite me, I would at least have remainel
quiet. If I could not longer have con
sistently helped the Republicami party, I
should certainly aot have extended a
helping baud the other way. But with
anything like an honest and a fair deal,
I weold uot yet regret the past I then
took. If the Democratic party w~ould
show vim.and honesty of purpose-euch
a. the tses of your .paper, and that of a
few others indicate-ind deal fairly and
squarely and humanely with the colored
people, and all former Republicans, then
would I still gladly stand to it, without
fear and wIthout hslterimg. But as it is,
I can honestly see no wholesome out
come-no general good nor special fair
nees-iudeed no honor in doing so,
There cannot be, the way the "machine"
seems likely to be run
I proposed here recently to put up my
name for the Detitocratic nomInatioo for
Congress; and instead of tecaiving en
couragetment "or' least a spirit of com
mon courtesy at the handsuf the Democ
ry-the so-nalled leaders here seemed
afraid I woald be in somebody's way.
and gave me a reception, the meanness
of which was only surpassed or equaled
by its ignoranceand its bad policy. It
is claimed that the recent mass meeting
here unanimously endorsed John S.
Yonag, foi Congress' or still worse, that
the P$rlsh ananimously endorsed.him
tbruiugb'thfrs mae meetintg; Ihen the
simple truth Ila, <iat! about six "yeas"
wore heard to respond od the proposition,
and no "'auys"-and the endorsement
was "fananimlous.n And I co'ild not help
recollecting just then that when Mr
Young was once nominated for Lieut
Governor en the "Liberal" ticket-a
ttlck to disorganize the DIemocratic party
proper-I was offered the nomination for
~ongn'm ow the same ticket; but I re.
I.it, preferring to tight the "Strsight
racy" on a fair and square issue,
I-pretended to fight itat all.,
.AJd sQ nmaitters are going.; land what
do you think will be tdeoqteoimj ?
Yours truly,
W. JASPER BLA"KBURN.
The Vn4DIoATOI: uoses late, this
#t frbtb'sludry cause s. s Wgood,
Yellow Fever Nii
latest.
L.A'rns'. --Niw a" (*eans, Aug. 2.
Yellow fever not epedemic to ndate.
Total ases 193. Total deaths 32.
Mortality fiatwint b,-en more than 7
in nnv one day. B atol lotinge \uill
not Eiiuarantilne our dileligaition. (on
vention will hie held. We will all
sleep on boa0rd clhirtere'd lboits. M Iv-
or of Haton IRouige telegratplhIs 1. \\.
Patton as follows :
So far lBoalrd of Ihealth oinly forbids
landing sick or unntael i mated persons,
andl certain goods. Shiould iNew Or
loans people charter and sleep on a
boat iwhile here, feats of citizens
would be greatly allayed, otherwise
tmuch anxiety will exist and may give
us trouhle if fever increases in your
city. Leon Jastrenishi, Mayor. hope
you will he down youi self. I dint
think there is any danger.
GEo. W. Drent:.
Our peopleu are ainxious andt uneasy,
and rnumos are rife eoncerning the
yellow fever. The VINiIcARrr has
kept posted on the run of the disease
in New Orleans, and gives its numer
ous readers its most reliable and
latest authorities :
Special from New Orleans, July 31, 1M78.
Editor Vindicator, Natchitoches:
Saw Dr. Choppin today. Hle says.
fears are tnuch exaggerated. lie is
still confident of checking yellow fe
ver, which is not yet epidemic. Of
ficial report at 12 o'clock to-day is,
total cases to-dIay, one hundred and
thirty-five. Total deaths 39.
I)r. Choppin and Board of Health
are working like beavers. I)isinfee
tants, so far are working very well.
I don't believe Iatton Rouge Conven
tion will be postpioned.
GEO. W. DVPRE.
New Orleans, La., July 31.
Mr. Gus. Moses, Natchitoches:
Stay away, 314 new eases to-dny.
LOEBER.
Dr. Loeber is a nmember of the
Board of Health, and it would seem,
that notwithstanding the gallant fight
made by Dr. Choppin to confine the
fever, that it is spreading raplidly and
increasing alarnmingly.
Prompt imensiires are being taken
here to quarantine against the infert
ed disttrict, and we have tino fears that
our healthy town will be visited by
the scourge.
In the mean time, we advise our
citizens to tlhoroughly dclense their
premises, out houses, &c.
New Orleans Ang. I.
Vindicator, Natchitoeches, La.:
There have been lduring the whole
season, including doubtful cases, 135
cases yellow fever. The total deaths
from this disease uip to 2 in. to-dclay
were 39. In 1572 Lthere was double
thie amount of fever here and little
or nothing thought of it. Now a panic
has seized upon the community, and
thousands have left the city. Every
town and city is qnarantined against
New Orleans. Mobile has gone so
far as to prohibit rail transit from
passengers through that town, and
all freight and travel. The great
Mobile In e is suspended.
I saw Dr. Choppin and tihe mem
hers of the Board of Health yester
day, and they and other prominent
Physicians, are still confident of ar
resting thme disease. We have had
nothing yet approximating an epi
demic. The whole thing so far has
been a big fright.
HEARSEY.
One thing to be guarded against in
times like these, is a panic. A thoo
sandl wild rumors are afloat, and otht
era are constantly manufactured. If
our authorities give way to every
story, unnecessary alarm will be cre
ated.
The facts are, that yellow fever
prevails in New Orleans. The num
ber of cases so far reported are 159.
Deaths 46. The disease does not apo
proximate an epidemic.
It is well to guard against its in
troduction here, but at the same time
we should go about it quietly. No
boats are coming up Red River save
the Bart Able, and from her we must
be protected.
I From the Shreveport Standard.]
The steamer Danube arrived at
11:40 a. m., and attracted a large
crowd who sought most of them to
go on board of her, but were prevent
ed from so doing by police stationed
at either end of the gangway. May
or Currie immediately went aboard
and conferred with Health Oficer
Booth and Chief of Police Rogers,
who stated that they waited at Grand
Bayou for the Danube who would
stop there, having a large freight to
reshipon the Willard to Minden. On
caretfl and thorough inspection they
found no evidence whatever of yell
fever, and she was permitted to go
through, Mayor Currie, acting with<
the Board of Health, granted per
miission to land the portion of the
cargo, consisting of salt and hard
ware, the principal portion, but or
dered the bagging and other like
freights to remain on board. The
throught passengers will be allowed
to pursue their travel, but strict quar
antine will be exercised against the
boats. To insure the carrying out of
this regulation a setticient qjuarantine
police are employed. The passen
gers and oficers report tIhe fever to
prevail in the city to a greater extent
than we had any idea of. One of the
oficers reports it to be of the most
malignaon type of any that in hir
experience lisa visited New Orleans.
With afl danger from the Danube
dispelledpand the quarantine rigidl3
enforced, we can rest assured that
we are reasonably out of 'danger.
The following telegraphic mleasage
from Dr. Cheppin to Dr. T. G. Fordt
conistitutes an Litamasutic statement ot
thne situation in New Orleane, amidu
will, we know, tend 'to relieve the
fi-ight occasioned by so many erag
gerated reports heretofore received:
New Omleuns, July 29, 1878.
T. G. Flodr, President Board in
iels-hih:
Eighty eases in all from beginning
thirny-three fatal.
.S.. Caomn, , M.D.,
President Board of Health.
Our laes~t from Yellow Fever iu
New Orleans is, 159 cases and 46
deaths.
dIiy next If le I)eiotial s assenmbled at
li:itnil Rln ge, will sound a slogan
Shlickh w ill bring to Iihis feet e vr-y - nii.
in Louit ana deserving t!! naI of
I llinit. i e - - -
"(lie **('ont ervath eI elcmnl t-' d tl ..!
liner than' tc he Upas Ti''o, i timir ine
l .ti tteu liei :! eolle , ip ;ind niov (it
to, i tIcciiiil theel l ac 011sis ii tcif}
plc lgee t Ind hii ole ensun
Mol tefresl rIbe tna in. I'i.t t 0 rtg
has spokenc fill a con'litiatimonl c,ºn
velntion, no :lglu.-sive miness :nd
fil favor from the I'lvllNs.
eis ot in ohice it is bcanoe limoe Oi
to neconsplie.h Ihºow refuºl as in the
gover~tuntfit, of Iiiis Stet,- we hcave
pledged thetI~ pophlo
The Only Reaston.
From The W1.IIingo ails !'ig
If there is a thief ill Louisiana a hel
is not in office it is because he has
been unabile to steal a couplle of post
age stamps--onle to carry his applica
tion to Washington, ani the other to
cover Kellogg's endolirsement.
'They are all in--s;ave those tihe peo
ple touit let serve.
The Law on Itegistration.
Onachita TclIgr.Lph.
The several assessors of theI( State
are now thie registrars of voters for
their respective pariisies. We quote
firomn Act No. 101, approved Apeil 31),
l877, the law heating upon the sub
ject of registration :
Sce. 17. He it further enacted, &c.,
That the assessor for each patlishl of
the State, except OIrleans, shall as
soon as lie aen obtain the books andt
blanks provided for in this Act, from
the clerk of the court, proceed to
make a new and complete registra
tion of all the voters in his parish.
He shall, in addition to the two days
he is required by law to attend at
each polliing paince for the ipurpose of
assessing taxes, remain one day for
for thie purpose of registering voters
and in the inoitice w hicl lie is
required by hi w to give of his at
tendance at such polling phace lie
shall menition thie fact that lie will
aiso and at the samie iimle open the
fHice of registration at said polling
plaec. lie shlII for sixty days beftoe
each general election keep Iiis oisite
open doily, Sundaty and legal holidays
excepted, fromi Reven o'clock in the
torienoon ulntil one o'clock inll the of
ternoon, for registration of all legal
voters. He slhall keep his office at
the court house dinr it g the first week
ofsaib sixty days, and shall then es
tabilish is office for at least one day
at or near each pollitng place in his
parish.li and at such other lplaces as
may be necessary in order to afford
convenient opportunily foir all qual
iied voters to he registered. During
the last two weeks of said sixty dlays
hie shall keep his ofice at the court
house. He shall for twenty dal s be
fore each genetal election cause to be
published at the expense of the par
ish, in the officiih journal if there be
one io the parish, a list of all the
places where the offices of registra
tien will he opened, atidl the time
during which the euiice will he open
at each place during the sixty clays.
lie shall in addition to the notice in
the newapaper cause a similar notice,
written or printed, to be posted for
at least sixty days before the election
at each place where the office of reg.
istration is to be opened.
The assessors have, throughout the
State we believe, comnlleted their
roends for assessment, and have reg
istered all voters who have made ap
plication to bhe registered. It will le
seen, from the section above quoted,
that legistration is not closed, how
ever; but that registration, ptr'er,
does not begiin utitil sixty befot e the
electiou and continues during that
period. OJe day, at least, is to be
given to each polling place, and such
other places as way lie necessary to
give qualified voters an opportunity
t' register. I)uritig tie last two
weeks of the sixty days, the registrar
is reqnired teo keep his ofice at the
court house of the parish. Notice of
the appointments for registerimig is
requited to i.e given "for seventy
days before each general election" in
the official journal of the parish, and
notices must be posted, in addition,
ast each place for registering, for at
least sixty days before the day of
election.
The Convention Question.
N. O. Picaynue.
A seonel communication on the consti
tutional amendments will be found in
another column. The writer puts him
self in a controversial attitudie, as if he
expected a reply to each position assum
ed by him. It would be better if he
would present his views and arguments
laddressed directly to aeaders with refer
ence.to general objections, rather than to
what may hivte been said yesterday, lust
week or last year in these columns edit
orially or otherwise. We propose to in
flict no long debates .upon the public.
We may sny upon the constitutiunnl con
vention so eagerly desired by the masses
of the people will not take the form of
pleas, rejoinders, replications or contra
dictions, or assume the tone of forensic
logomachy. Space is precious and time
is valusahle. A daily paper will not float
a ponderous and volunminous argument
extetiding through many issues. The
public desire instruction, but they want
it with the least effort. Our able and
respected correspondent is earnest in his
convictions as to the expediency of
amnending the cotistitution as proposed
by the Getertl Assembly, and he will no
4oubt be able to render reasons for the
faith that is in him in a way that will
interest our readers, whether they favor
or oppose the patabing plan.
Meantime, we shall continue our comt
ments on the teneral sublject in our own
way, The more we cotisidet the abomi
nation of 18t8 the ambre odions and re
ptlsive does it appear. If every amend
mett proposed was the perfection of leg
islative wisdom, if they all came from nut
disputed authority, and if they would by
their operation divest the old instrument
if its objectionable features, there would
still cling to the fabric constructed b3
Ftarud and nsunrpation the odor of des
mtism and humniliation. We are witl
hose who desire to get rid of it altougeth
*r at the earliest convetnient date an80 h,
he only try' that can be permanentld
ettisfactory to the people. Intrusive
Oh's, with insaltitig disregard for the wil
f the peoplu, tore down the temple ii
vhich our rights were enshrined, and out
If the frsgments constructed anothet
fabric hideeins in its preportions. Res
tored to our liberty, it Is ohr right and
duty to rebuild the temple from its old
#a d~id eorner stone.
Ne(Idll'% IDelsy.
N. 0. Pica \mc.
1T111' Dlemnoiat of ASlensioni, at
their late palish (lonve'ntiont, adopted,
;11111.U_ o lether, the toillow ill" resltiol
'':111 1 I1: Ili-. 1.11 1.1'1 i liii' 11111;11'\ 11,1
.t \ i 1:11. 11 111 i iiniiII ice em !t ro t I'
:m!: 1! 11!.1 i1 s f';_ltb 'ln 11111.11
fit If " . ý.ten 11x11 11 11\' 1,1+ p l: 11 11' 1
iI'u .',t.' l S il' ý tlI 41' I' + i ti li .i 1414 -ll l º '
antldt I.':!1111 l: 1 ! 4 lj fl;\'. 1 ii1' t' t
te 1lit tc:;(liltw tllt \. \t 11 ill;riI slv ll i
.li\ ! i. .11 1' 11 t11I'I11:!. 11:11'1\ .Iý i11! t l '
t'1s jittilte dIt oure tt u t I tt:111 ' w i i ll
' I'ie 0 1iii t ;hs atl i11 1; 1 t11 e t;il l fi ot i
is I' l 'i1I tl('Otlt :II telilt l lt tit 1 ii":11t 71
es oil" iti , a i' ;e l 1(;ti. o tl 111ia1i1 1" .'
;r i ptd le iitid 1,i 11'l ' tot the \t' ii 17 (it
111itoui tiil b ut t hil i nu~l. 1;th u1
Irtirt e l i i i s. I itif w it t Wile ilt 4n4
111:11 111 n,;r e 1lli · itl fJ II 11' 1 \ 1(ýI
('Ii a el et 1j1tt ii tii\ i' c t l 'Ii .i1l :1i
! IIii it O l l. i o t ls t i ei h tc h f i i t l l i i 4iit
t Ilt l~oiicl. flaiiteiotittts l I Wiu tttWl'1h
un;Wi.t llo iill lli tliwi ig otit
T\ rt foret us ess c n1;'. his o ii ;l_,
bol t f I tti til' lr it tht5'i* $0 1 u itie
tir oi te sha. ist f ht 'i es it ,it ia I:e111
li it , h nar0 t ht1 lt is t lieu piit. Yet
haip si a til fit good Sensr and
S('llte Intiol t S t oit t'hi I l t With
iet' contit utlt clllung t i l tl he lcl ar
rant helati adfeml 1n(1 isnsathe al
ian td etiloe wt to i V i illt e to t ti oft itt
oftt jtllt atihl.llev11 ics fttilti (41Wh'l
kieto i Sit til i t reali tl lt i(t is flito
t 11(1 to I slt ak it thitle litnsy l e l tolt
They eVtilttw tiat \il\e his v *talls toills
ec kt's' ofl a c It the ft d that it. ituit
iaes a dsgaceu remna of Rodses adil
otal ftit tif L otieItt t Ill gOt 19til tuth
tesiteo tears I~dt is no Ie it in W Itolle
fo w ii I 108 1 rlc~l HIINI il i 010 flil itel
livete aindi padt ked ti the necks of
With peoe ;alf a e sa"ettr it.
ali, tta Whil. WIIe 4t n oat titil tot
mhai oll- s i tcltont (lile h \\e iolii he
mo~ckery o a ontiuton and I lfithate our
pairt a isradist li re isnn i oed R oil
iefluti e a h u mi jiittO, lint tio Wlilatio
is tea. let it an f aoc t the shatii tti
tDeWi 1o1( tlmie Cthelol thiny a lett s
ourt a whilheni \Kearosne.ot wnt
'Ilte gry afte.r tatherle is otil elec
tion, if everything is then propie iost
we iit liktnvetSIte h (as1tvetil ylthi witii
('out that(get to anth Itlyt." ivahi
isi those tWho i tit 50 he adoption ofHt
foi.~hoi Ite hassliowt such;'~" foaitluful
the anil nthine its w t thle conten-t
tlon putt oil. They 1t1l anndoy4 fe ahel
asked for their reasons, Ibeanese ille\
laknow thai at ixtthey ynie ofrge i
ifavor of pu;t ing Ioft the conat-itntion
wcdia oa t'4o lteards is jtut as good alni
atnllment itith fielost reap' lo tiwednrtli
cis.fo 'ihe I(1)10P It n l It'l hg etR aliiis
all. et ils dy. lif tolde, fie a ntll fr
wteealth of listaiit cint gt 1 o wit tlli
cionst Itteioatt it tiltwork for twol ot
thrd, is a dilittere is no reason whit
o~st Ii liti has, rtlRI 11(4 (Iol' Chtti() tit iiC
Il11tilSleet deiild (111 ttetitvi years.~
ienlis ighnt otkeep on in (tlie iael
w}' for half a century.
Sold 5;til cli Itgr iliti at k t)iti Liver
i. t'hose who want i 1a convention at
tall saen it ais lsoon at it ca he hto
Cont) enientl t o our own people.
IJudgmei, nt n ost he used in selecting
tihe, ine aii place, haill they want
ithat jldgment to e tohat of patrioti
etalubes of the Legislature who ae,
like dhetselveis, ashamed to live oal1
thee Vlti ~·3 It ~isilo tiiii ttt ki~ ltiitklll
der a oisti itition so ell upon thitem
without their cosent l the fintheons
toIhentfill. lititiagili 511110 thetit
of all atrations despo tis in. lie
wa tf Ii I~ne la lie faiy Dl is mlwtriod
Tohe great agitator who is comning
itienmids to he i East withe ni edt-f
thae warlkngue has attlrfeady anostn
co thpt lone ofreil togive Ijti of pasi
Eist itit liewo uld taoke nothei fomh
for whampires he das uh ' p11s)c f ftl0 o
wline al ttes beat.- t suiT ther Ht
stylei oef onttiy, ahie willngiv Baston
thle Iagiatore iclls by 11 tlhiotS 11 ilitet
ulase of gbood tiget. aiya ofa ue
lives to dy in, theg hue, atn Brihn,
oite hared toldoDe nis' prsistanmue
aitto nde terin aio ino hins sIlirlifo,
bl eren w ht ie moet is t be itW -n
leader ai iong his fcllo llsi-ngsomeu
Gloe.eaogteArin os.Dn
Dtitchian theeo wa son.icaited l in
thire, is wie' ife, natd Tiohyis reons
Misder A geithIFil eSniyo, u t diokn
eabt dbrots orshinr inee heee Ch.Lasta
ialthers i g nt Cylurnia.l olr vTh urts
ht e de lttiiited tllso a tndoty ge iic
lie vos burn Lt tIp, S"tu 6"natid I ges f tt
tIii1 atititi say, h'G iff me niine nine
Ditini wed tiet stey w stheny veis
tiartit tip yaetl,' t oii t oat n ns say L '
ne , htei't do dot nt hilts yeu utte
nodder sthabe vows bd igger Ofitit
ti~o'ssegcr ade vn yourc~ grott betr.'
lndil, Ithsay nthe umans, Id iattist
Dhltripd sth l , I t te' hits ft 11.
thesli 'yet. gat' i o~lnp ohoi ;he hleats
coruden stohiah fe, nd0(tdat vetsd hesta
wIts god t, butlIoytist gootn unolhiunts
ittit lily nin onih ro. Hi booths sayof
tiNo the gllli' dongn d tbie geof se
0h as ketig up d rgu-lsr voretw' itnc
woil] (the1I makel Denm 'is off died
ntetcbayin hisn leter tha l e r. loa
What tlile Pa3ri~hes are Saying.
l1 shutII i'sg ('c\\li~ iiv uc''(itjun Isle1( ill(
*lflr i*P IIII.~1.. Iil~~ll~l ;I i.
iii I
NEW k DV E~fISE MEN'$
WA'I. *% .11 LE . DANIEL C. NCARtBOR017611.
LEVY & SCARBOROU(GI,
.I1TTORX EYS AT L.1IW.
HAVING associatedl themnelve will practice.
in the Pai ih aiind District, the 17th Jnudi
vial District, anil in thet' parishes of Wilnn and
iGrant, Staprente Conirt of Lotisinnf. I. S. I)ia
tridt uil CilCenit coirts of Louisiana aIinl . S
CourIt of Claiis alt Woahingt on.
Otlice in the Lacoste Building
(Up Stairs.)
NATCHIIITOCHIIES, LA.
Aug. 3, l 7 t-lc.
UNIVERSITY OF LUUIbIAft,
NEW ORLEANS.
I'tosesses tnet'lnni HIospital adv:antages.
Fees the samte as those of the first class
schools of New York and Philadelphia.
9-omd thtr f'ircnlar.
The 1.4:1 rº'ii will begin Oct. 21, 157?.
'I'. G. RICIHARISON, 31. 1)., Dean
.Julu _1 to-lu.
S ISAAT C KA N, .
AS a tirst-class Stall in the Natchi
1 ncites Market House, w here he has
for sale tuiring Market hours. fresh jucy
IlbEF,
VEAL,
MUTTON,
PO IK,
I'RESU and StIKEI) SAUSSAGE,
SM1OKED BEEF, &c.
Andt on Wedntesdays and Fridays. fresh
FISH of all kind; TR1'OIT, WHI'T'E
PERCH, BASS, &c. After tmarket hours,
call at Abrain Kihas. Corner 2d and St.
Denis Str's., and have your orders tilled.
Feb. 2. - lv.
JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
SHERIFF SALE.
(George Collius vs. F Iluracois C oluost.
Pa'rishl Court, 'Parish of Natchiteches.
No. 119.
VB virtune of a writ of Fi. Fa. issuied
Sin the above entitled and inumbered
snit, and to me directed, I hav e seized
and will offer fir sale to the last and
highest hidder at the door of' the Court
House in the city ;and parishl of Natcii
toeches. on
Saturdail, 171h day of All, yise, I 878,
the ifollowing described prociperty. to-wit
2 Yoke Itf IOxosx.
1 Ox Wagon,
seized as thet property of the defendant,
Francois Conqost.
'erms of Sale.
CASH-with the benefit of appraise
ment
D). 1I. BOCLLT1, Jit,
Sheriff. Parish of Natchlitoches.
August 3.-tds.
NOTICE.
Suceassion of Marie Adelaide .1!arriotte.
IOSEPII J. ME FOYER having filed his
l petition in the Parish Court of Natchi
toclhes applying to be appointed Admin
istrator of said succession, notice is heroe
by given to all persons interestedl to
sbow cause within tenll days fronm the
publication hereof why'pctitioner's appli
cation should not ie granted.
W.H. H. TUNNARD,
AciZ. : 2i. Clerk ofCourt.
JUIDGMENT.
Marie E. C. Blanchard vs. J. W. Sud
datb.
17th District Court of Natchitoches.
No. 8199.
IN this case by reason of the law and
the evidence being in favor of plain
tiff and against defendant, on trial aftei
regular assigenment, it is ordered, adjudlg
ed ancd dlecreed that the Plaintiff, Mris.
Marie E. C. Blanchard. wife of J. W.
edeleatlh, do have ansi recover of the'
Defeilant, Janes Warren Sudcldath, the
sum of One 'Thousanid D)ollars, with tive
per cent per annum interest frcmn June
8th, 187, anid the further sumn of seven
ty-five dollar.4, with five per cent per in
num interest from May Ist, 1877, subject
to a credit of four hundred dollars paid
March 28th, 1878, the amount of the dat
ien en payment of the Phoeneix Saloon,
&c., that plainitiff' legal cIortgage on all
imnmovable piroperty of defeudant, to
a. e elffect from 23rd day of March, 1876,
be, and is hereby recognized to nscre
thb paygeut of this Judgment, that the
Co4444II4I) Itt }"1 o *nt, .iid gains hereto.
tite' e".i in litt~c eli phiutifl' and ilt.
1'llllall I,1" 111?ý: 1 lve d, ttha nt I n d 1e.
:ul i" ieluel anidlutoid to admttinister
hr -e:iratae prope rty. and carry on her
o ina l tI hr'sueu's. tir o honeir
wIthout ilit crfcircul"' or control ofher
j I :Ilul; that t e itor11' o datie r
Ilia nelnt of .110tch 2'th., I`"7-. h a .ul
Stizcd adll ratilit'l: :illa pt:et the plain.
till'e' ahud It ih r I y it le ri. erIiogitt as
t4! owig.'r nal 1 It'r li io of the "Phoe
~nix Il St. ini . S itreet, in
11 (4 i 4 . lIl ilif it 11 Il )ltlj t
mari l''11 Ill oI hr 11 1 . {aratl :111 itu l (j 11'j
.1i ; i: tilld .'.ir L., : II 1 ll t t tll he I'
t,"hilt t1 t iked 1th all the coats of
Ii
t one this 2 et ith ý I1' .if e, 187 i
t ,., ,I ! iº. 1'I l: aOX
1 170t ')i.tric't. La.
`''1 ; 11 L. it i e
':'" ~ ~ La i l : titl slid
11 II 'i 4'0111 ,', '·~~ ';.:I .ill 11911'en oil
i " P i I I 1 1 )1111 ", "
k btllict.
cclb- itn (ar othell~r. 11 ;il eeo
)1iN L,.\l'LAelf,
.IGHi'I(EN'1.
1nd.I II J. ,i in o1n I r . Usoh T. \Cat!ir g
111 i r :i4 ( ulnt. l: rih.l o'ii Nathitc1 .
\ 111 4ase by I,',1'."1t1 of thie I lw r
t h cl ubt \b II.1 I ill n iii 111,)r of th,!
p tlail'ti li and :liaga I Inls e det ndth It, on
11 ::1i: 4tsl ' ll:t c' l n it ii a rf
11crc11, djtVi el1111d and d fcrcc(d that the
1411 4 \ i'tI g . e. it,' . 11iitit and dIN
t~u.4444i44'4 tt 4'444" :nd zaueshereto.
10111 I'\1't1II1; ., 'ICI' c' ;I 1) \ t'it i atl ~d*ilt c
fc*t;b1,1 he, and Ii h'rh is dlialv1ed*
that phiti ti. Sarah .1. .11011301, wif of
.1. F'. \W'agle'v hle', n1l I;'' is heirelby an
thorized toi:ulti!ninis'er hl lt separate lpre
per11ty 1l0 her indiv ilhal beneufit wcithout
mil 1-1 frtnce" ol ('ontrol of her N0aidh1ts
iai: thit plaint1il I('. 1 ;11 she hereby
is rciioginiiel as tiwti'. in her inhiu'idnal
.tiil s('l ratci rtigliht. ee the ' liiie un itied
third inlt 'ri ill it certliiln trl:t of land
tiiated in tile parish ot Natchiticbes,
milt human aa the -Carroll ti act." to-wit:
The Eist half of the South West qnuarter
of' cti liEn three. 1and the South half of
the South East equartetr anti Sout hilf of
the Soutl h \'est '1uater iof section fiour,
11 in totwvshil 'even, ralge sevei. eon
Ia111iniig ttWo li4t4l4t ntil el I1lforty acres,
Aie t1wcenyt head ofdattle receitvelld from
the 54('L'(essi(4n of leri m1other i oialtna
Jiiihlson, aw ull aoeI 1 to (rtailt s mares re
e'ived from Ith' sntc'ssioi elt' her deceas.
411 1)oter 1 n4 lani4 '~l W. Johnso; that the
remlailatera pilatiff 's dmandll be did.
missed a. in easet of ieo-sit : anil that
the deldt'ihaiiilt 'be 4a i:td with all costs inl
this case.
T e lone, o itl read 11111 signed in open
court on this 291i dait of *illt:e. It 5T.
[Signed] 1). PIERSON,
.1 utge 17th Dist rict. La.
1.111' Ili. LI)t'IsLIN.1,
Parish of Ni atchiteohes,
Clerk's Officite.
I ccrtilf ii' thelil a e to he a tile and
iotre't copy iof the originel judgmeeflnt one
file i lln i otiet .
Witness Illy itn:11, andl od'li ial lv,"l this
25day of.oalm-, A.1 ' ) 1147.
111. 11. T1'I'NN.Ll Dº,
July 27-3i. Clerk.
SHERIFF'S !A,1E,
.1. W. (orki'rhanl vs. 1) Ili01t, Ir
District Court-No. ,217.
)Y VITHrl.E 'of a writ of F1i. 1'i't. Wle
) in the above entI itled Iand numlered
snit and tei mIlt' 1lirected. I will Bilerj
sale Itto hi. last anti higle'st biclterit the
door fthelII' court houste in the c'ity et
Nafchit lies, tun
Maturd1ay, A uqus't 17th,, 1575.
lihi'tdlewitg described toplerty. te-wit
A certajein trtct of land situated in the
pui'h of Natehitoci'hs, in this state, le
ing lot No 1x a titlbh-ng harts of sections
Nos. lo. Il inn1 17, in litiwiship il, tange
I) Oltheontanleg t41ilt'4''s.toiglthter " ithe ll1
ite huldings 1d imiiroetemtt I hei'eoni.
I'er'e'ms of 1Sle : s
CASH. ih thi it l eeiit tel' :ie tsit'itm t
A. P. lIlIEDA.
.11nl 1 iv e lI u. I'trtloer.
SHtEMIFF'S SALE.
.Jauit's 1le'nr Jlt'i' ts. .1. C. C'1411i:i'le..
I istricitt ('eeui't-Ntt. 790t
X} YVirtuie td' writ of IFi. 1"at. ill thie
11 abtvtl 44 li'it l 11441 tainihe'e'e'd euit
anth li ti 14i''e'tedl, I will ofth' ijir su
to the lbe't loul highest leiehder at tiii
dtto eOf the 'otiturt louse' iiite in th o
Nitatchitett'he's. etne
.S'alareduuwlb' 17lth dog 'if A eyees 157$.
the tolliwito leribhd peoero ty teo-t i:
A etta'i' 44ri'ct ut oh itil shllteh inl the
leali'ih cet Natiaiitah''' ailn dehsignilte't 114
p1rtttiontt r't i ti(t' No. 33 ee' dttat Iiti
tel ()etoter'. h8.l1. Lets Nit 1. 2, '1, Ii suet
7 411 eec'tieen :11, tiewuslhil 9, lange 61, roui
tailing 145 17.14111 aires. Also iinotbr
Ltr o ac 14t lllyilg on tbthBe ll Dihn am
III ntIs eit' .J. AX. )Uecur 111c1 ;ontitainiti 213
tret, Lore c l' Les.; alsee the North fruc'
tiona hlt'oft'e f li'et West ulaIter ct'
hig 3'7010 t eil atores : il oter'i' Lile'li(
haudti t e1tlilainin.r 17 3d-J10t aeres tee le
taken etii tr u ue test 'iii ccl' the Northi
'Is naie oil'i'l. Ithes ' t hlt It Wtst quA1r1
tLr oc .eill ttin hlet running North
Inch Seeiith, thle w holti tract. heeiug chill
tignonsd 4111 niaki zg 4io dcii's ftogttht'r
tit hi all tlt nhebuliiigs not i' mpnrilovemln'lts.
tlh'iOerlu tilsoe the' t'cehwuing m~otlile~t
projel'l'ty, tie-t it:
12 IHead of Mules.
I lH4r'5t Wa.goni.
IN Plows.
Oilt hit of Geer.
One; lot of Ihoes.
Cash-w ifh the beteiit of ajpcraistlut.
U. 11. 1OL'LLT .Jr., Sheriff.
July 13, tds.
Sheriff's Sale.
Victor Pisson vs. Monlette 11nd1 Lertey.
Parish Court-No. 612.
B Y VIRTUE of a wr-it (if Pi. Fit. innedI
in the abovee entitled 11141 iniimbored
suitand tte cie elireetted, I leave seized
.&nd will offer for side, to the 1ast tund
highest bidth'r, at the dloor of the -court
house in the city anit parish tel Natchitfr
hch's, on
Saturday the 17th day of' Atuyiat 1878,
the lidllow ing tiescribed perapertyv, tto-wit:'
Trwo certain lots and pareels 01 1,ad,
with all the buildings and impro'vetsenOs
theereon and belonging situated in the
40wn1 of l'atchitoches, on 01 I rit'er; oUe
leaving a tl'ielt of 5eenty-ilivth toeet on
river or street, 1111 r'uniinlg back oneh ar
jenut illet bounded on diet Noi'ti Icy pr'op*
0113' torintrly Iec'hieging rco W C MelViU,
.'outl [Iy le' t torneel lithlongln g Ito
lDranigeet linle W~est IiV 1iiotleer lot 0.
Aiiithiei let cer trtact cit lise1 oenet acre
5114tare, colitightous tee antI ;djtoilitig th
iiist heel namieil, teciig Ilie s:1ine it'e~ lt
ItlrI' hiaseth cy thll latc' ilia ut' Pindell
met itt the siceessitin sale it'ituh
Poisstt 1. wt. e. tihecut INa18511 41 coui'ty1
ny the heirs o1' said ltrndlitnuii to l0'li38
Leroy ill 16ti.
The',s vef Sale '
Cash-w~'i th the teenetit ot' appr.aisonflent.
D.h1. IJOULLT,d 31.
July 13.-tda. 8W