Spccial Correspondence of the Globe
Democrat.
New Orleans, La., August 1.-It is T ttQ
a sad fact that the finest cities of the
South are those most subject to an
nual vivisiuit POtdlat .Tajt .;'f; 1e' Er
yellow' teie , `lie t iff j NU B~
and beautiful those Southern marts,
the greater seems it ravages wherever I r
it has got a foot-hold. It is now of
ticially acknowledged that the mala- stiution
dy has in this city assumed popr- hereby g
tions'that preelhbe' hoped sf "9tamp- of the pi
ing it out" with the catholic acid dis
infection plan found to be etffectual
with the first-cases, and before the thirds of
disease had become epidemic. Dis- house o
guise it as they may, the people of session
New Orleans, which hatches every to be pu
epidemic in the South, ar.; blame
for the pretent tind  i) ursions text get
of the dread enemy. t is heyond to the 0
doubt that the vessel that arrived newspal
some considerable time ago with two in whis
cases of yellow fever on board from
an infected port, was the cause of the Said an
present outbtpak. Yellow fever acts No:
never originates here. It is always sion of
brought, generally from Havana, and in
where they have it all the year round.
The people of New Orleans in refus- sion of
ing to temporarily injure a little com- which a
merce and trade by quarantining as fmati
piciou¢t,vessels, will now have to si a
suit Ogo tbs Vtg ri n eir submitt
trade 'ithjio in or 'in of eral ele
the de latic ps f N
Not ,oey~MN~ Ofi nt ic
Noto tta 1ei' manner
negl?geuce, in all bllV ed
h( r own trade for the full, but she vote ft
has allowed to be introduced thronugh separ1
her portals a disease which, accordt- at said
ing to all we know of its habits, will all r
very likely spread in the intulerior
railroad and river towns. The sud- same s
denness with which the tnumber of tution.
new cases and deaths have increased
for the past week shows the condi.
tions necessary for the propuigailon
of the malady, whatever they may CUS
be, are favorable for its sprelad.
CAUSES. '5 TOMS AND TRE'A9MENT.
As there is now alarm in all the
Southern cities subject to its inroads, Ti,
a few facts from the best and latest estM
authorities who have had personalt t
esfp Hen CV. AiW;thf@t juý a rity
interest to the read FrM( (f a º e- deelty
Democrat. A day or two of languor thise
and "had feelings" generally precede at Ba
an attack of yellow fever. Then tike
comes a ri1 1 cn.lm
m1n ague, buit accompatn)let pain capir
in the head and spine. The chill last r
from a few minutes to a few hours, Orle
and constitutes the first stages, or that (St
wherein the po fic thirte
diag .i
febrile'stgWid fo 1 s te.dlC
Generally it is not of a very high
grade, the pulse being 100.
A distinctive symptom and a char- Re
acteristic of yellow fever is suppreS- first
sion of the urine. Another symptom, Nov
which can be readily recognized by eleot
any physician, nurse or other per- Th
son who has ever been with a yellow t
fever patient, is. a :peculiar odor or
musty smell from off gee patient, and iG J
which can evqn't`e rceive!l in the appe
streetS during an epd, ic. '.It is in- shall
descaicable and belng 'tb no'other (S
fever, aud with' doctors experienced
in yellow fever is of itself .,tticient
for a diagnosis. The: patient. shows , Al
that the poison has also struck the seine
nervous system; ihe is tremulous, and
easily excited, and startled by the than
least noise. The fever'ikges generally any
from twenty-four to Tbrty-eight hours, c
the sufferer becoming delirious and year
raving in a large proportion of cases. real
If asked why he screams he can give atiot
no adequate reason. Usually on the sion
third day the fever abates, and there that
is the turning point of tne-ulsease. re
This calm ends either in convales
cence or else in the fourth or fatal
state, that offollapse or black vomit, tion
from which not one in Jfty ever re- real
covers. The jdti seems to atie
come up w~qfftlh_~looks like mu
coffee grounds, and is the death war- of I
rant of any
all
About the fourth or fifth day the tu
eyes turn yellow. The skin, also, as- Gei
sumes a ylllownset likll that of a to
bruise, or a bright jaundice yellow. the
However, the patient does not turn
yellow in more than one case in six.
As to the causes of the scourge, the del
old atmospheric theory has gone by hib
the board, and the best writers now for
seem to have settled down to the be- .
lief that the poiwse is of animalelar
origin-these anomalcules generating
and spreading over surfaces like
grasaho p~ iIf: Q '[D.i8lW , and by
beingintg ~d iunto. he h iman
fail misceen ope .has n- eat
ablp t" diboover them. e  ie'tSat del
seeis.to loipt to their prqiqe is t
ubbtllheskane extremes 'if A~tejuI.
'661dithat.kIrB other insects a'so kills
'y1lbw feVer, whose contagion can ft
*eitits mtbecomes innocuous at 3
audit 10'.' Yellow fever is al44i. U
killed out after a good freeze. Yal- a
low fever never spreads above 600
zat'in does tt p ent, atid no pe b
son, has .,se~ia[vk ' Thei pnnieadad
.of locubloag is ~generally fean to niia A
days, though piersons have .ae!.n
knawn to. cazrry44,iAR1,A4hir. g.ytar
twenty-three days and then take it.
Without trepttment seventy five out
of every hundred will die. Wial
treatment and g8od nursing, however, 4,
about one in three is the average mtr
who tok thefever. As to the cure.
no WA4*Aluh fomnd, all
phe]as ts *s~ hn 'fli~ as that
causes of yellow fever are onknown'
beyond conjecture.
What4-&'@ Seem.
An old man of experience says:
"I have seen a young man sell " goo1
farm, trn merhoant, atd die in the in ,
qboouo so I
I havesef my fIarry avnas
of dissolute habits a repent it as lot
a she lived.
I have seen a -ygmu'mn speod mod|
"money In folly than woldu support hiW
family fn comfort au4fdelendaunee.
when " t.mi would hav
I have seelt the extra ag 4
folly of ehildWmiIIDU '
topoveity and was sat t asto
di-a fami
i :.7:i:::.,)i: ?/,i::, - .at. the ... -,.
R T Q*f klfittttd Electors of the State both hl',h
e of Louisiana. ( ;veru
I--- -i*Z it ;
3, OFFICE OF SECRETARY OF S'ATE, it, with I
IS STATE OF IOUISIANA, which i
8, New Orleans, July 17, 178. S the objet
IIi pursuance of article 147 of the con- aid pro
t- sti:utionu of this State, publication is theh rei
r- hereby given to the voters of this State agree to
- of the pr'opil s iii udeintts to the con- with the
al stitutitoi ofthf'h Srdte,'agreed to by two- by i 1
ic thirds of the members elected to each thirds
s- house of the General Assembly, at its that ho
of session of 1878, and which are required in suc
to be published, three mouths before the housesa
us next general election for Representatives hers vot
Id to the General Assembly, in at least one lie ente
ed newspaper in every parish of this State, house 1
in which a newspaper shall be published. not Ie I
he Said amendments appear more fully in sentedl
'er acts Nos. 73 and 74 of the regular ses Imanuer
Y"T sion of the General Assembly, 1878, Genera
d and in No. 12 of the extra ses,- p
is. sion of the General Assembly of 1878, saue, t
ni' which are officially published for the in- ffice +
i formation of the voters, and which will ie give 11
eir submitted to the people at the next gen- it. TI
ef eral election, to be held on the fifth day Inunicu
Ic. of November (next) 1878. in such a posited
reh manner and form that the people may ted ot
she vote ,fr or against each.amendment, act up
igh separafely, and ifa maijority of the votes The G
ar- at said election shall approve and ratify one or
rill llr either of said amendments, the Uti g
ior awhile
ul- same shall become a part of the consti hill, a
of totion. appro
sed WILL. A. STRONG, inen ,
nli eer(tary of State. prove,
lion -- accirt
waya CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDIENTS. prescr
over t
SNT. ACT NO 7- R- S. OF 1878. (St
the hi .lt El ON'E.
ads, T ~t A 4a. ..ov rjrt,eut .shall be No
i estM abtt ei , et[i,|iy of Baton Ioge or the
lnn r at 1 "t' f Neu' Orlaibs, as the mais e
I1t , jrity of the voters of the State may fees
determine at the next ensuing elettion ;
tlor these voting to locate the state capital Th
cede at Batlni Bouge shall indo,.e on their a sup
ieii tickers, ."For State Capitol, Batod 'jsti
oii- Rnoe;" 'those voting to locate the court
pain capitol atNew Orleans shall indorse on all ci
I last their tickets, "For State Capitol, New pute
that Orleans." clusi
(Striike out ariele one hundred and and i
.a thirty-one.) dicti
ACT NO. 74, R. S. OF 1878. have
high from
NUMBER TWO. atmw
char- Representatives shall be chosen on the exch
prea- first Tuesday after the first Monday in the I
ptom, Novew'+er,, every.: two years, and the of ei
ed by election shall be. bempleted in one day. te
per- The General Assembly shall meet on the
ellow t onday in January, 1879, and hold
or tor e.after, on the first Monday theit
t, and inaplry, auleess.a different day be The
in the appointed- by law, afhd their sessions exce
is in- shall be held at the seat of government. intel
other (Strike out article seventeen.) trict
* . indi
icient NUMBER THREE. clus
thows , After the year 1878 the General As- suf
:k the sembly shall npt have power to levy in bly
ulous, and one year for all State purposes more cler
y te than one per centum taxation, nor shall gral
erally any collection of more than one per gra
10us, centtfl.1lteAtinai bhe ntade in .any one ther
I and year, on the aotaL q.sh value of all tice
cases. real and personal'property liable to tax- i
Sgive ation2 exteptin ease "f a foreign inva
io the sion or a domestic insurrection, ando in
there that event any additional taxation shall g
hol14.4.r the immedbate ,Ptiiosq of eind
ad pellfng invasion or suppressing Ineur
sease. re~ ion. The city. of New Orleans shall
vales- tFvy or colleeatiay one year more
rfatal one and onefalf per centum taxa
rornit, tion en thq Taciifal'ea~ value of-all the Cot
ier re- real andl I4ersoal prolberty liable to'tax- tho
aws to ation within its limits. No parish or As
a like municipal corporation, except the city sha
war- of New Orleans shall lev or collect in san
any l usti - pa
pm ti wa i e(of ran
allthe rTad, p~yrsntmal property liaile
y the tituion witin its liits. T'he
Lo, as- General AssemblW shall not have power
t of a to issue apy bond or pledge the faith of ret
yellow. thbStati Tfb" any ptrpose, nor shall it for
t tutrn uatYrB pt a parish or municipal cr the
in sta. jkMt6n isbnis kny o-:f 'reate any of
ge, the debt; prontdl bg ,tlhis, saIll not pro dia
on byhibit th i'sqp f ,o- ud, '."i -echango e
ra now for old bouan,%,l,'t dttohrrat of th
the be t -ea
aeclar Qto t, .6 ,. c' - eut
a like Th e br th deoraPlAssem- w
Sanl bly shall be pir a salary of five hun- Ge
humrn dred dollars ($50)per session, and vi
actujl tv h,-ig expggses by the near- x
Sest ptea hil r,ote, n, 'o exceed til'ty h
Svdollars, t$). for. any qf.e. meitber; pro- I
ile vided, that if two sessions are heldio tinh
Sthe same yrear the e shall eceivefor the I
can lt only two huntdaiEg,l gt dollars ($250) ti
t and ~ua l -travelling expenses by the vi
ahWiN, . r ,ute o e'eeed nIi
v. Yrl- *i 0 : & 'ember. ii
ntjI- exceed ninety days in durat unils t
toll by vote of twu-hiirds of the Pnese
elected to each house of th eneral
to nilne Assembly. " o
e ee (Strike ouii artiile thi -- i -
take it. NtJMBER FI- 'a tI
SI The Genera Assembly sh not pass h
owevr A ',y a Widr idl'aw chattinmg the
ge tmE- ,venue in erirnial eases, ohanging the
,f 186 · ~' e lepPelrrtitni cpiu hitrenu,
vacating roads, serets, or alleys. re- r
the ruie. int f ll is1pn-ie s . :l d rsfdifures,I a
mid, all or refunding utintys legally: paid into
thle e't he treasury;, asring the estates of e
,r agent if the State, or of anoyarmad p
Sor nuuilcpality; grantin gu-S. T
,neompeusatiou to any publ ot~t~ r agent,
.ll -m gooi .lr c,,ntraetor, after the Ab tlrei lis been I
in the in rendered or ,Wut'ti*4 for; changing
S1 lt ny aIfIsb'Idat, or creating new parish
I'bo e so except by the assent of the majority
-pC heu, tobe, ,ffeo ed; iq)all .uier
rr y a mat cases, where a generahbIF, A t#4pQe4B54
s as lon applicable, no local orspei.lrItw asall
th 4 4
h'.d IvlII 4qn :II
e DsI'to to a .
t (Strike outrtet Mty-mves.)
NUMBER EIGHIT.
Every bill which sha;ll ,l ,' y e '. I It lu II'
both houses shall /be pi 'ted' to Iti, th .onsi
Soverurt if ihe approve it, lie ,l all electtd,
-ign it; if he does not, he shall ireturn i 1 rsl,
it, l'i 1h his ,,i jpet'ti ius, ii t ii ' h1 o" iII' .hi1 ill he
which it originated. which shall .t1r" :1' who
Sthe objectiiot at large upon its journtal, I 1"ian
_ anid proceed to recaisider it. If, aier r eart .
such reconsideration, t o,thirtds i f all t .e iSt;it
its te liibers preseit in that huue shiall tIan ,,
te agrele to pass the hill, it shall .e ,set- , to he I l,,
n- with the objlections, to the other holi al, i''rt-ese'r
Sby which it shall likewise he Ir- tal ivýs,
l considered, and if approved by t+'4 iwn n
te hirds oft' the lincibers present I lrti
Sthat house, it shall be a law'. But iarolhi'
ed in such ca, ses the vote of loth tn hInt
he houses shall be dleterined by yeas inor co
land nays, and the nainels of nelli- iutav h
be hers voting for or against the bill shall New o
ne lie entered upon the journal tof each receive
te, house respectively. If any l ill shall hi a il
ol, not le returned by the Governor within ie eli'
five days after it shall have been pret jhdies
l seted to hitn, it shall be a law, in like thl hi
es itianer as if he had signed it, unless the
78, General Assembly, by adjonrinent,
prevent its return ; in 11 hich case, with I. n c
in thirty days, the Governor shall fille recnse
sale, with his objections thereto, in the interes
in- -tfie of the Secretary of State, and he shal
l ie give publih notice thereif ; otherwise it of h
shall hbecome a law, as if hie had signed Gen
en- it. The sere-tary of State shall clniI- he he
day inunicate said objections and lill so d, judge
h a posited to the house in which it it igina. he-i'u
led on e first dy te first lay if the ieetilln t' (Stli
nay the next General Assetibly, who shall
ent t upon the same as above provided.
tes The Giovernor shall have power ito v to I' 0
itletit 4
ntify one or niore items in any hill app'opria the it
the ti g oney, embracing distinct iteus, the ev
while approving other portiions of thie ordair
hill, and the part or parts of the bill Firs
approved shall become.; -.tw, and the which
item or items of appropriations disap- ry, it
e. proved shall he void, unless repass-ed foreg'
according to the rnles and limitat ions 'istii
TS. prescribed for the passage of other bill- ,r
over the Goveruor's veto. peaCe
(Strike out article sixty six.) Seo
NUMBER NINE. Govre
;l be No officer. whose salary is fixed by elect
r the constiution, shall be allowed ay leans
fees or perquisites of office. listri
lion; NUMBER TE4 whet
. addir
pital The judicial power shall be vested in cial 4
their a supremie court, district courts, anud int ahoy
lathe justices of the peace. The district Orles
a the courts shall have oriltnal jurisdiction in for
se on all civil cases where the atmount in dis torn'
Ne pue exceeds one hundred dollars, ex- thi
and elusive of interest. In criminal castes. o
and in all probale matters, their jurisn 1 ag
diction shall lie unlimited. They shall heed
have appellate jurisdiction, in civil suits pire
from justices of the peace, when the the I
amount in dispute exceeds ten dollars, I ftet
in the exclusive of interest. The justices of not I
lay in the peace shall he elected by the electors th
I the of each parish in the manner and with tI1
Sday. the qualifications to he determinedl by shat
et the Genoral Assembly. They shall of tl
), and hold office for the term of two years, and excl
onday their comnpensation shall be fixed by law. day
ay be Their jurisdiction in civil cases shall not F,
exceed one hundred dollars, -exclusive of men
neont. interest, subject to an appeal to the dish prx
trict court in all eases when the amount
in dispute shall exceed ten dollars, ex- A
clusive of interest. They shall have the
such criminal jurisdiction as shall be ted.
conferred by law. The General Assem.
evyo bly shall have power to vest in the
clerks of the district courts the right to T
Sp grant such orders and do such acts Ps tioE
le per may be deemed necessary for the fur.. hu
LY one therance of the adlminiuistration of just his
of all tice. In all cases the power thus grant
;o tax- ed shall be spec;fied and determined.
in o'a- ([SjxlE out articles.e.sevwiit J9, W
a eighty five, eightyesik, eighty seven,
us of eighty:eight, eightyanine, nnetyonery
r and one hundred and thirtythree.] ;ol
s shall NUMBER ELEVEN.
*r more
taxa- The Chief Justice of the Supreme '
all the Coert ~hill reeeive Ia salary of ~9e4 em
to'tax- thousalu dolulars per annon, a$ . the t
Irish or Assodiate austices of the Stipreme Coulrt '
ic city shall each receive a salary of Six thou. Pt"
lectin sand five hundred dollars per annum, fly
'i(x- payable quarterly on their own war- C
lie:of rant.
hlialte NUMBER TWELVE.
The The General A-sembly shall.divide the
Spiwer State into judicial districts, which shall 14:
faith of remain unchanged for four years, and ret
shall it for each district one judge, learlled in ti
)al cor the law, shall be. elected by ip purality le
ate any of qualified electors thereof. k or each nt
ot pro district there shrli be .one district court, ea
* ,hane except in the parish of Orleans, in which Ge
ratef the General Assembly iny establish as lot
manny district courts as . the Rublic inter- an
Sesti ay requiiie, not tio'ex'ceed'ithe inlm- mm
ber now authtrized by existing laws, ex- la'
cept by a two-thirds vote of all the pa
sse- members elected to both branches of the t
ve hun. General Assembly. Until otherwise pro- a
in, and vided by law, the district courts now a
te near existiilg in the parish of Orleans shall tLT
sed 'tv hive the ~ jurisdiction at present eopeNr-Ni
red by law-; no redistricting or clkhge It
S - shall be made so as to take effect dpring w
beldi tihe iilnembency of any judge. The
for the number of districts in the State shall not
I y be 16ss than thllitty nor ilore'thi~ni ?it2 -
f ($250) five. The General Assembly ;shall pro
by the viie by law for at Iast four turns an
O eueed nually of the district court in every liar
Sub ish. The General Assemnbly shall have
e e pow0er to crcetn iItktitll 60trts, to be cou
S stituted by grouping the district judges
into cirtcuils, an conmlltosilg the circunit
coulrt of the judges of the dittrict coulrti
neral within such circuits. To direct the plaice
or placeq of meeting of aid circuit court j
S so contslitiuted, aand to vest saidl circuit:
cnurt's- with appellate jlnuisdictt~im frnutn
the district couirt within the Stirtcult
Swhere :tti amount involved exiceds olur
not ass hundred dollars ($100) exchlisive of in
ibg ttrestt and dlsenont exceel tive hlundred
id ,llats h hiTi) exclusive of interest. The
ging 'he Geiisidf- Aetialiy shall havdlr, by
eys. re- electrd to blinth hosees, to restrtct int
rfihnres. appellate juritrdictoni" p*the inSlprenle
pid u int ourt to causes where the amount invwlv
states of ed exceeds one thousauld dollars ($It000
Ihit ex- exclsiv i of iter'st;: lad in case of a
~s uch restrictio, the cimrcuit courts so to
lion of t-ha class Of cases rnus exetul idl
iifiet t he, appuellafe jitriAdiclion of .1 p
lf phLrdh ie"onrt. 'The"clei'ksbf th" .i
ragent, bi otlit it theifhr'rstotivt' rpatrshe
A been and shall hold their offce for-far years.
ohanging (8trike out article eighty-three;.]
I parish NUMBER TnIirEEN
s majority
li tih. Each of thp d teit judges shall re
; ceier ve a salary Jo Ih fixed by law, which,
S apre except in titi iish of Orleans, shall not
hil e less than two thonsalth dollars, nor
. all inord thatiiPrebthousand dollars per an
nnm, paltvleqoitu~rltlh fn hi own war
dimiuisieit during hipitern of!oc! . "1e
glpr ut st) i acifiten of th 11pi
warrpi. 1. tymnip for the space. of-two yeaw
S next preceaeding his election Th.,jtdges
of the district courts shall hold their of
flee for .ie¥ u r jfo0up eIrnI o the
- , providedL I . - ,: -.
. (8trike out article eighty-four,
I il 11' of ttile l ' ti ' 01 di ti'i l, allot'-
,1 , e..talIi~'d hi'lb ar'iw nln.t'I -two of
Ith ' coinst itl iln of It;. th'rc shall 1ei
I ieleted,t by the iqualitied vote.'rs of each
I M;rits, ;i State's attorney thet'efor, who
, hall he a citizen itf the United States.
(a1l wh\o shall have i'ei n a nresiehnt t 1, C
II' Sla tt,, and a Ipractie'in;" .uI ,hly li- i," I
i''1 e s l ii tol'n 1'y a it ;law , tl,i' ; t ,':l-,t i t i 4
Vil" t 1{rt. He sha1 1 Srecive s u ry 1on'1 4 n
Ilfl it' Sta1ilt oo liit rieh:m t't 441 Mort t
arep setsllntat1ilt i1 t ,ll- Ioh t.li of Rei't.l t- j wo irk
S tatiVs, ant d l1,;11':,; 1 pl : 1,', art,.rly fll i, .lass 111
4 \'11n \\att';tt ilt ' sHc lali l,,, 'ru'-o1fii1 n- :II -
i tily i t he filt't e i i1,h at. i r i'ei\ c iat h ptit t
i salal'V thireli C'l4 as malty hlie fixed by the i otrk
It ilaraihiIt hull li ties, nt ito exceed se('- x:p1 4
('u hundred dollars per annulm, Ike shall, will b:
ti 'I venler, rict ivt e t ,lh fl'e s of folit'e as i's. h
may he allowed t1 law. In EE city of .
I New Or(le.ius thc Slate's attorney shall
.h receive such comupensation from the city, :."I'
ll in additihn to the salar\ above p ,rvidehd. eI
* as ,ay be esta'lished by' law. !te shall i(e
11 Ihe clt'dil, at ith' same tinte willi th,'
il ges of ties h dis trict coIurts, and shall
ie hold his oatice fitr the till ut of for yagears.
itof Iir to t TEEN.
i In every ase where the judittge may he
il reenIsed, aId when lie is not p)iersonal.ly tH
he interested in the matters in eonutestatioi,
nl he shall select a lawyer, having the nec- kinds
itf essary qualificaticns required for a judge
of his court, to try such cases; and thl i4 fins
General .\sselUhly shall provide by lN.
o- for the r trial of those cases il which thehl l
jndge may he person ally interested, or cicit
a whel he llaly ihe ahlsetl or l efuses to act. i' t
e (Stike ut y article ninetly.)f Loraite
all NUMBT R SIX G EEN.
t I I ordl etrw o provide for the estahlish
1t ment of the jhdicial system lcreated i.th
l he tabove aulmedlldl ents, andllll to prevent
the evils of an interregnuml , it is hereby
the riiainld by the piciolil of Louisiana
ill First-That ta heoon Geneas tral Assembly,
the which meets the first Monday in .Janu,
rl- ry, 1879. shall, in accordanuce with the
ed for,.going ltilendmnents, imnmediately re
tr istbilt have State, and a rovle for, the
v authority of clerks, by d the election and
mrim hal jurisdiction of justices of the
peace,
Second-That as soon as the Legisla
ture shall have atted as aforesaid, the
Governor shall by proclamation call an
Iby election for justices of the peace for
each parish, except the parish of Or
any leans, and for district judges, in each
district created by the redistricting,
where one or more parishes have been
i added, or taken fronl the existimll judi
cial district, and for State attorneys, as
ad iu above providted, except in the paris' of'
trict Orleans, where, the district attorney tes
in in for the parish shall he State at
dis tr.rney. This election shall he held on
ex, th,* same day throughout the State,
a which day shall not be less than sixty
nor more than ninety days after the puts- and
risi sage of said act. The terms of the of- pert
fla ticers elected at said election shall ex
'uits pire at the general election of 1880, and C
' the the limitation on the change of districts, is a
,lars, oftener than once every fiour years, shall
ea of not lie considered as having effect before C
etors the general election of 1880.
it Third--That the judicial system, as es
t by tablished hy the constitution of 18(8,
shall shall remain in firce until the expiration
of the thirtieth day after said election,
and excluding from the computation the f
law. day of the election.
1I not. Fourth--The adopt ion of these amend
ye of ments shall not vacate the offices of the
p dis preshent clerks of courts in each parish. a
bount NUMBER SEVENTEEN.
have Article one hundred and thirty.two of
be the constitution of 188 shall be abroga
ted. Wi
iSem . lit
iu the NUMBER EIGHTEEN. tat
ht to The Superintendent of Public Educa
ts as tion shall receive a salary of thirty five
h fur hndred dollaurs, payable quarterly on
f jose hls own warrant.
riant NUMBER NINETEEN. B
te No license tax shall be imposed by the
e' State, or any parish or nlnicilpal authori
ty, on any mechanical trade, manufacto- 1
o ry or factory, except pnch as may require
police regulations, in towns and cities. tl
NUMBER TWVENTY. Si
preme The Legislature is authorized to ex- Li
te empt from State, municipal or parish H
tb taxation honseholb goods, such as fiurni
ture, wearing apparel, tools of trade or
thon profession and fumly portraits, not ex- -
ceeding ii aggregate value the unt of
num, five hundred dollars.
ACT NO. 12, EXTRA SESSION OF 1878.
NUMBB R TWENTY-ONE. *
ide the Strike ont the first part part of article'
b shall 142 of the cnstitntion of 1868, which
s, and reads: "A university shall be established
ed in aund maintained in the city of New Or
urality leans It shalt be composed of a law, a
reach medical and a collegiate department,
court, each with apptroipriate faculties. The
which Oeneral Assembly shalt provide by law
lish as oIbr its organizaition and maintainance;"
inter- and inisert: "The university shall be
o nU- muaintained., It shatll be composed of a
wn, ex- law, a medical and. an aOJlmenictl de
l the partment, anrd such other delpartments .as
of the may he i'stablished by law, each with
isepro- appropriate facnlties; procikled, thatt the
Snow law and medical departments already or
ishahll ganized shall continue in the city of
ofer NewOrlean, 'and the academical and
,ihge tther dlepartments may be located else
d ping where in the State:'
The August 3--t2n..
tall not i - ,
Druggist1
"a. .EtJAPA 6 N', "
APITHECARY & DRUGGIST.
-DEALER IN
: aL2T:CIL' 1 JmS ,
CHIIEMI'ALS,
PERIFUMERY,
Faniby Articles &c.,
FROBIT STREET,
Natchitoches, La.
I ' Perscriptions carefully prepared
at all hours.
. TEIIv, )l. obERAT .
~)ha Sirly
: Butcher.
-" I 30AC KAIH ,
l AS a first-clas Stall in the Natchi' i
I 1 tochee Market House, where he has
r for sale during Market hours, fresh juby
r ' TEAL;
MUTTO0, ,.
SEES t. and SMOK- SAU-SAGE,
f- SMOKED BEEF, &c.
f And qnWVedtesdatye and Fridays, fresh
Fe FIR 'of all kind; TROUT, WHITE
e PERCHI BASS, & . Afte market hours, I
call at Abram Kahnn, Corner 2d and St.
Denis 8tr's., and have your orders filled.
Feb. 23.--1y.
Carpeniters.
I M. S. (CI U111S
1i PRACTICAL MACHINIST
- ANI)-
ARCH:T-CT, CARPENTER & JOINER.
ii-ý xxtiik loiii ; ('ailh lii: I;r sLU .I,:issi
II- W nk d u \ i t iiI:t Ii rl i tin -
4)''
ir NA1I'11Ct(y I'lli' 0 >', LA.
all
al l
J 0 1. N ii I1
(iii III!E p 1 iped to do all
e(-kiiids Ill Carpieitt'tii1g
thec in firs.t-clas~s. workstanl;~l-like manner. Ile:.
a"x Iliis piihteIntly lI3etd ii N;ltvhlijtiihie$,
thei lunl; will 410 work a1t 3111' polint in this vi.
itt. first itt retrri't e l i'4ig'eri. 'liusr moil
4irat1
ft F' 1, '3.- Ix.
Boarding.
OYSTE1?8 & FI
I N wEASON,
A. ALLUINU'SI
RESTAURANT,I
St. Deniu street,
NATCHITOCIHES, LA.
19WARM MEALS at all hours. Transient
,' s permaneirllct boarders accomioda
tedwith a table well supplied with the (
best in the market.
PARTIES, BALLS, \\EDDINGS, Fr
s- and entertailnments fiurnisled with sup
t- ers ou :)application.
d Cuisine in charge of the Proprietor who
s, is an experienced
re CATERER AND COOK.
[ I' Terms niodtrate. Felh. 2-tf.
le lATBE BOAROING
d
he IMRiS. C. A. M'KENNA.
Has op' ned a Private Boarding House
Corner THIRD and SIBLEY Streets, ft
of NATCHITOCIIES, LA. hi
Where the permanent and transient
public will be entertained with the best lI
table the market affords.
a- Feb. 9.--tf TERM.S MODERATE.
" A. M. GARRETT'S
BOARDING HOUSE,
the CAMPTE, LA.
-to- TRANSIENT travelers entertained
ire i. with hospitality, an'l furnished with
the best the market affords.
Single meals at regular hours ....25 Cts.
' when ordered .....50 "
ex- Lodging .......................23 "
rish Horse Feed ................... 25' "
mi- Feb. 2 '78-1y.
'or
Tinware and Stoves.
HENRY GEN US,
Worker in Tin, Copper and
SHEET IRON.
Corner Front and Trudeau Streets, C
NATCHITOCIHES, LA.
Jul
Wholesale and Retail dealer in all kinds of
HEATING AND C'OOKING STOVES
and sole agent for the celcli ted champion
CHARTER OAK
cooking stove. All stoves sold at man
ufacturer's prices with freight added.
Maunfacturer of plain and fancy Tin
Wart) Me allic roofing, etc., ete,
A large and select dtock of Tin Wart
and Houset Furnishilng good on han'
GUTTERING. ROOFING and all man
ner of Jolt, Tin and plumbers work ext
cutde with dispatch.
Feb. i:'7s- fy.
*II
' Teo. "E al1er.
lV Ooper, Tin and Sheet.lron worker.
-DEALBR IN
Stovres, fTinoware and House Faurnishing
GOOD s,
Washington St.,.......N atchitothea, La
IUC Ss BRILLIANT
Coo.inbg Stoves.
E Gutters, Pipes, Metalic roofing and at
ira, kinds of repa'"ing,doe with dispatch.
St. iberal 1 s 'ant to ountry trade.
ed Macch 25-1
Jewelers.
JEWELER, JEWELER,
-AM)- ) -SI
4kwi tI1 II:!l~ 14't) g11Il1ItCtl.1Y
WIt
ir:;lrtiis, Wa';leh? tititi Jewelry tur Sale at1
If' A. rTLL &t CODMPLETE STOCK.
-NiA)
SIJowelrrocr.
11141 1 ry ~ ~ntcIce44. tIr~'lotk, ;ttid .Je~
P Staiuhirhl TIF M Kp
'* tid " ":lt tths . t a nl i1t Ieg4 Iu tn l ( cora r rec t - G
ly, tlhe ii clRar ge.
lid. A 1 t oh F LL C &IECS CiLiT CL KC.S I
_I
Glue "ii (Ih S. Dettis id., ert weeti 21 & 3dl.
rn. 14±) --y
Mlerchants. A
(_ - I li
HENRY A. WAL SLEY, Sto
(Successor to M. It. CARVER.) 5 P
- DEALER IN- r
DRY GOODU, L
We
GROCERIES,
HARDWARE, or 1
SHOES,
HOOTS,
CLOTHING,
CRO('KERYWVARE, &C., &C.,
Also a general line of Plantation and
Family supplies.
May 4, 1i75.
FHEI) WILSON
Receiving, Forwarding TI
- AND-
COMMISSION MERCHANT,
Dealer in Dr)y-Good, Uroceries, &c.
Blair's Landing,
RED RIVER, I,()LO ISIANA.
e I take this nmethod of informing my
friends and the public generally, that I
have removed from Brownsville to Blair's
Landing, one mile above, where I am
prepared to conduct a receiving, forward
ing and commission business. Rates of
storage from and after this date will be '
as follows:
I
Cotton - - 5 Cents -- Per Bale.
Freight - - 15 Cents - - Per Barrel
No extra charges for marking and weigh
th I will keep on hand alcomplete as
sortment of ]
MERC HANDISE,
Which will be sold low for cssh or coun
- try produce.
Oscar COhopim;
ad COTTON FACTOR
-AND
--A-nI-
COMMISSION MERCHANT,
No. 65 CARONDELET ST.,
July 1-lv New Orleans.
Saddlery.
a.
CS
~UZ c
ý ý'2
Bricklayers.
M'KEN NA & BOSSIER.
Brick Birne rs
.VIAKERS & LAYERS.
'ELL and LAY brick; do plastering
and all work in that line -promptly,
,.heeply, and in any locality in this or
:urrounding parishes.
Tombs, $50 for Large, and $18 for Small.
Address, M'KENNA &. BOSSIER,
Jan. 12-6m. Natchitoches, La.
g JOSEPH C KEYSER,
Brickmnaker and Layer.
TI PREPARED to do all work entrusted
Iu to him quickly and in a workmanlike
st manner. Tomb, Chimneys, Cisterns and
other work solicited.
Orders left at BULLARD & CAMP
BELL'S' will be promptly attended to.
Jan. 27, lv.
Steamboats.
A T W ORLFt.mmA'
R A N I) E CORE
Veekly lPacket!
FOR
;ranud E1core,
Alexandria,
Norman's,
Barbia's,
AND ALL WAY [LANOINi,.
THEl STETAMER
BART ABLE:
- RIClIARD SINNOTT, .......Masts, C A
: s
S G. C. IIAMITON, .........Clerk.
- The Bart Able will deliver Freight at
Natchitcehes, water perl;itting.
All Freight consigned to StearnerBARg
A- ABLE, or her Agent Capt. R. WAdm,
will be forwarded free of Drayageor
storage.
Leaves New Orleans every Satnrday at
) 5 P. M.
Leaves Natchitoches and Grad EIre,
returning, every Tuesday, at 12 1.
Leaves Alexandria, returning, er y
Wednesday, at 12 M.
For Freight or passage apply on oaud,
or to her Agents,
R. W. ADAMS, 21 Commercial Place.
JULES MESSI, Grand Ecore, La.
Feb. 9-1y.
RED RIVER
and --AND
N W ORLEANS.
NEW ORLEANS and RED URIt
TRANSPORTATION COMPAII 
AND TEXAS PACIFIC
, I L V A Y
AND CONNECTIONS.
Through bills of lading and thicuj
passenger tickets to all landin:e on
River, and all railway stations in Tejir
'" THE BEUT ROUTE7,
at I
air's -TO
ar HOT SPRING8
a of The following splendid and Iii
1 be ers composing the line will * alt
vertised below : "ui
La Belle, : ·
I Maria Louise,
r Texas,
.igh- C, II. I)urfee,
Col. A.P. • KOHa
Lotus No. 3, .
S, W. .. Behai n,
Bonnie Lee,
COUII- aiwl,,
Kate Kinney.
p FOR NEW ORLEANS
Shreveport,
Jeflerson,
SHot Springs,
AND POINTS ABOVE THE BRAPT
-and all laIndigs on
R-ED RIVER,
anid railway stations in _
No whartboat charges, drayage or
mission will be clharged at monthu of 1
River, or at New Orleans, in forwa
tfreight consigned to the comnpany b
of hItding.
For Irighlt or passage apply on
of tihe boats or at the office of the
. any, No. 111 Gravier street.
JOS. A. AIKEN, Prai
AGENTS:
New Orleaus. M. JOYCE.
Shreveport, J. H. JoD
Grand Ecore, J. E. MESS!.
Feb. 2.- ly.
Livery and Feed Sta -
HUT80 N'8
LIVERY and FW
St. Denis St., NATCHITOCHBNIl ;
ig S PREPARED to accommof '
SI public in everything iu the .
11 Livery line. Stable is first-clas
ranged especially for the conventr -
comfort of stock.
FEED FOR HORSE $1 PER A) :
Hacks and buggies on hire '
nished promptly on application
R. P. HU'801(1
Feb. 17--1v. roprie
Shoemaker. ,
o. Safl'raty
Boot and Shoe Mak.
CHALLENGES the world for ais
and durability of work. 8 i
n tit and material guaranteed
Shop on St. Deoi