_3 2 t/ pI e 'S ~indicntor.
Adrertlsiug hate. A tl e Iiioeiatw t I. 'I ii'I I
w 3/. H. COSCRO YE
Isquall , ,;ý Ill nub -Editor1 Pnd t.,i ttl
parse In U i I.{ dJ I A · rl:ll' I·. ' 111 11 ,(,
ware 541 ½, Sn I k e ______ -- a_-h ii~ Sth i
Il3t n fiý "0' IIIh ;{5r 3A II i~I IAX III 0
~~I i1331.· I 4
(I H Ti...l'no' THE WVE'LBA1l lEý OFe TEI PEOPLE IS THE SUPREME LAW. ___
7 sqir 1' n hN o' Ii nu h.. One C- y, one year_ .......... ..
;Il till ) i, --- - - - - -_------O ne cyixin t I ;............
I4 Uaare4... 4 offi 6 Icial Organ of the White Citizens of Red aiver, Sabine, Winn and Natchitoches parishes.
g9 qiiar .eo - -o - R all f lh t iir t( II.. fil nn$Ir n l
nar a, , ý;U io uu 71 N .43 ollB
;gqiiaT!'s... fil , - - -ll - - -- -
ler prr Breyier, tlrrR inerrticin Ech R . ReVOL N.ATCHITOrOHEýS, LA\., JULY , 878 4a l
_____l____ ________ c_____ p.r sqRnr' R ,g t 1e
_ _ ___ _.. I TLI rIT\''RV PRRýý_ flun rhin Iet l Io· Yc ahe'
iFrjtissioi1al Cards.
A TTOlEY T Al L.I 1.
St. Denis Street, Natc.hitocches, La.
ILL practice in the ('u't ot Natchit chel
S abine, i),t r and IIRed RiiVrI and in lthe
Supreme Court of thl State. t
w4 . In . 3,J'a 15, .,
(ncesMor to JAI'K & lIuI+ON)
Attorley and (Innsclor at Lat
NATC''I)ClES, LA.
IrT L practice in the Courts of Natchito:lhes.
ti QlbjOl'S,,t,. |'el ~River Wiinui Ia l(tidt y,
f1 Orat aed in the Suprem Co ourt of the
at lai proiI ttly attItS n mld to.
Aprilgg 17n.
Wn31. ". Iev.y,.
A:IfTOlYEr AT L.A I
its Resumed the Practice of hiis Proftssion.l
ILL practice i' the Plaris and .istrii t
VV Courts of Natclhitocthes anid lIeI Iliver
upreme Courtt of Lui+iinu. t'nited States )iks.
trict and Circuit Court of Louisiana asd '. S.
"ourt of Claims at Wa1nshington.
R Otftce in the Lacoste Iuiltling (I'p
Stairs.) L.1
NATCHIT"OClIEA, I.\.
May '2t, 18
J H. CUNNINGHAM.
,ttorntly & ounttlor at laitr,
St. Denis Street,
Natchitoches, : : : : ILa.
_JWILL give prompt and personal at
V tention to all Ibuslsin enitrusted to
his care
Practices in the IDistrict and Parish
Courts in tihe Parishes4 of Natchitot'les,
Red River, DeSoto ant Saltine, and before
the Supreme Court at Monroe and New
Orleaus. Jan 5 7-ly.
-
JOr.' IH. ROBER T0so.,
(Late of New Orleans,)
ATTORIEY & COUNSELOR AT LAW
(COUSIIATTA,
RED RIVE!R PARISH, L(rl'IANA J.
Will practice in Conshatta, Natehito
ebhs, Mantfield, Many, and in every part
of North.west Louisiana. Special atten
tion given to Land cases and Suecessionf.
June 9th, 1877-tf.
C.CarUtu. C C.F. DutANtWT. T, P. C(tIPLIN
0HAllP , DRANGUET & ('HAPLIN.
Attorneys at Law,
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
P RACTICE in the District Courts of
Natchitoches, Sahine, DeSoto and
Red River and in the Suplerne Court of
the State. larch 2-1y.
DJ."L. C. SCARBORO Ut II,
ATTORNEY IN FACT.
W ILL practice in the District and
Parish Courts of Natchitoches,
Winn, Sabine and Grant.
All business intrusted to his care will
receive prompt attention.
Of'ice with W. H. Jack EsIq., Second
Street, Corner Trndeaux, Natchitoches,
La. Dec. b.ly.
J M. B. TU('CKER,
Attorney and Counsellor at Luaw,
OFVICE
,t./_)nia Sitraet, . . Natchiochhes, La.
W ILL practice in tihe District ani P'ar
ish Courts of Natchitochea, Sabine
DS8oto and Redl River, and the Supreme
Court of the State.
All business entlrusted to his care w ill
receive promlit attention. Apr 13-ly
H lENRT Y SAFFORD,
Attorney at Law,
NATCIIITOUIHES, LA.
7 OfIce adjourning that of Mr. Jack.
May 18 4mo.
Business Cards.
J. C0. Triohel,
-DEALER IN
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, HARD
WARE, BOOTS and SHOES, HATS,
ETC.
Highest cash price paid for Cotton and
Coastry Produce.
WASHINGTON, ST.,
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
C. . BULLARD. N. I. CAMPBELL
Bullard & Campbell,
-DgALUR8 IN
1 OODES,
GROCERIES,
HARDWARE,
A4IG9l .Merchandise.
'a0 r iANT & LrATTrlT Street,
Natcldtoches, La.
cfl 3 eash price paid for eotton and
t ,rodaod in csh or merehandise.
C. L WALMSLIYT R. M, WALCSLBT
C. L. WALMSLEY & CO,
COTTON PACTORS
-AND
SIIrAL COIIISSIOi IEtCIANTS.
erimb St., New Orlealm, La.
.-flats I-,Ur.
IL h. s um,.
-'s t Ia
1rbuwar, xJea A ;L A.
Miscellaneouis.
Is the most genlial balsam ever used by
ouflerers from pu lmonary diseases. s
It Is composed of herbal products, which
have a specific effect on the throat andl
lungs: detaches from the air cells all ir
rltating matter; causes it to be expecto
rated, and at once checks the inflammation L
which produces the cough. A single dose
relieves the most distressing paroxysm,
soothes nervousness, and enables the suf- C
fererto elnjoy eltiet rest at Ieight. leillg a
pleasant cordial, it tones the weak stomn
ach, and is specially recommended for
children.
What others say about
Tutt's Expectorant.
Had Asthma Thirty Years.
BALTIMORs, February,3, IS,. .
S"I have had Asthma thirty years, and never loand
a medicine that had such a haSt.,v t ft. t.'
W. F. HOGAN, Charles St.
A Child's Idea of Merit.
NEW ORLEAN3, AVT'fmrbrtr IIt, iS.
"Tutt'sExpectorant is at fanhar n: llne in my house.
3ily wile thinks it the best n,.dliine in the wtvrld,
and the children s:v it is 'n. r than mnlas-
candy."' NOAH WOODWARD, C10 N. Poydras St.
"Six, and all Croupy."
"I amthenotlhecrofsix ildren1 ;all of itemhav
been croupy. Without Tutt's E:xpectorat, I don't
think they could have survived some uf the attacks.
It is a mother's blesinrg.
MARY STEVENS, rrankfort, Ky.
A Doctor's Advice.
" In my practice, ladvise all families to keep Tut'
Expectorant, in sudden emergencies, for cough:,
croup, diphtheria, etc."
T. P. ELLIS, M.D., Newark, N. J.
Bold by all drutglists. Price $1.00. OJice
38 Mhurray Street, Nea1 York.
1
"THE TREE IS KIWi N BY ITS FRUIT."
" Tutt's Pills are worth their w,.iht in rgold."
REV. I. R. SIMPSON, Louisville, Ky.
" Tutt's Pills rsee a tta c b!e ing of the nine
teenth century."-REV. F. a. OSGOOD, New York.
" I have used Tett'il or torpor of the liver.
They are superior to any medicine for baliary dis.
orders ever mad.'."
1. P. CARR, Attorne at Law, Augusta, Ga.
"I have u:sed Tutt's P is ve years in my family.
They are unequaled forcostivenessand biliousness."
F. R. WILSON ,Georgetown, Texas.
"I have used Tutt's Medicine with great het'efit."
W. W. MANN Editor Mobile Register.
"We sell fifty bnhas tts Pills to five of all
others."-SAYRE & CO. Cartersville, Ga.
"Tutt's Pills have only to be tried to establish
their merits. They work like magic."
W. H. BARRON 96 Sumn:er St., Boston.
"There is no medicine so well adapted to the cure
of bilious din-rders a's utt's Pills."
JOS. BRUMMEL, Richmond, Virginia.
AND A TI ND MORE.
Bold by drutgists. R5 cents a bora. Office
85 Murray Street, New York.
TUTTS HAIR DYE
ZZNDORSED.
HIGH TESTIMONY.
SFRgOM THEF PqtCIFIC JOURNIL.
"A GREAT IVENTION
has been made y v'a. ITT. tf ew York,
which restores vouthfn Ilauty to the hair.
That eminent chemist has uccaeeded in
producing a llalr lhe which Imitates
, nature to perfection. ()d bachelors may
naow rejice."
Prtee $1.00. Ofice 3.1 Murtray t.,
Sew Y: .or Sold by all diruggists.
tl .
A Mystery Solved.
-.-~a .-~
The Greatest JMedical Triumph of
Modern Times ! The Myqsterious
Chan,,el of Disease Discovered,
and a ('cretin Cure Prori
tied. The Stomach,
Lirer, and Bowels
the Cenr, e of
Disease.
P aR'O'S PII .li\E I'IllS,
The Great Anti.illious Remedy and
, Miasinatic S)iolver.
PARSON'S
PURGATIVE PILLS
Are the result of long-continred Scien
titic investigation, and are Warranted to
cure all diseases originating iu the
Stomach, Liver, and Bowels. No grip
ins pains follow the use of these Pills,
unless thle lBowels are iuflamed; but Re
lief, rImmediate Relief, may be relied
upon. Ans a Common Family Physic
PARSON'S
PURGATIVE PILLS
Stand unequaleld before the world to-day.
By varying the dose according to diree
one allrseas' Purgative Pills effectually
Purify'the Belood and greatly alleviate,
if not entirely cure Dyspepeiae, Scrofula
ad orKing's Evil, Rose, Erysipel se orSt.
SAnthony's Fire, Ernptions, and Eraptive
Diseases of the Skin, 8Sot thesm. Tet
ter, Ringworm, Sores, Boils, Tumors,
lt Morbid Swellings, Ieraftionsa, Pimple
and Blotches.
EVERY BOX WARRANTED,
Most Complete 8atisfacetion Guaranteed
or Nio Pay,
SFull directions around each box.
Physicians supplied by mail, post-paid,
for $2.50 per thousand, in bulk, ash im
advance. We will send these Pills to
- any reliable druggist or merchant to sell
on commission. Agents wipted every
where.
8. JOHNSON & CO.,
JAlNUl INDll, Propriaton,
u . ..'1 7 -
Weary, Lonely, Restless, Homneless. t
BY FATHER uRYA. Ii
lBelow we reprint a poem from to
FATHER RYAN, the Poet Priest of the ci
South. \We have had it in our scrap
book for several years, and never tire ti
of reading it. The beautiful thoughts S
expressed will give consolation to tI
every weary, restless, homeless heart. dl
('"ut it .out and keept it :.-jMalrer
Jour1(l.
Wa\t y hearts! weary hearts I hy cares of a
life oppressed. tl
Ye are wandering in the shadows, ye are ,
sighing for the rest;
'There is darkness in the heavens and the
earth is bleak below,
And the joys we taste to-day may to-mor- s'
row turn to woe.
Weary hearts! God is rest. F
A
Lonely hearts! lonely hearts! 'tis hut. a
land of grief;
Y' :ie re pining for repose, ye ear longing f,
for relief:
What the w\orld hath never given, kneel
atl ask of (god above,
And your grief shell turn to gladness, if u
you lean upon His love.
Lonely hearts! God is love. n
Restless hearts! restless hearts ! ye are
toiling night and day, (
And the flowers of life all withered, leave "
f lbut thorns along the way;
Ye are waiting, ye are waiting till your
toilings here shall cease,
And your ever restless throbing is a sad,
sad prayer for peace.
Itestless hearts! God is peace.
'Broken hearts! broken hearts! you are i
desolate and lone, c
And lonely voices from the past o'er your I
present ruins moarn ;
In the ,weetest of your pleasure there
was bitterest alloy,
And the starless night has followed in the
sunset of your joy f
Broken hearts? God is joy.
Hlomeless hearts! homeless hearts! through ,
the dreary, dreary years
Ye are lonely, lonely wanderer and your ,
way is wet with tears;
In bright or blighted places, whereso
ever you may r( am,
\Ve look front earthlland and ye murmur,
"Where is home f' t
Homeless hearts! God is home.
!George D. Prentice-Jefferson Davis.
[Jackson Clarion. 1
As everything published relating to
ex-President Jefferson Davis is read
with avidity, by the people of the t
South, and especially by the people
of Mississippi, I have concluded to
send for publication in the Clarion, a
short description of an interview I
had the honor to have with the cele
brated George D. Prentice, in Lou
isville, in the first week in January,
18t67.
I was in Louisville on business, and
while there. a young gentleman, an
attache of the firm of Wm. Jarvis d&
Co., (am sorry I have forgotten his t
name), asked me to take a walk with
him through Louisville. It was snow
ing all the time, and the city was
white with snow. We continued to j
walk and view the beautiful city un- I
til nearly sun set, when lie informed
me that we were then in front of the
otfice of the Louisville Journal, edit
ed by the distinguished George I).
Prentice. He proposed to go in, and
to introduce me to Mr. Prentice. I
willingly assented. We walked in,
and found Mr. Prentice sitting by a
pleasant fire, looking over newspa
pers. After introduction we sat dovwn I
and enjoyed a delightful conversan
tion with Mr, Prentice for abo It half
an hour. We talked pleasantly about I
the Republican party, Andrew John
son, thie Reconstruction Laws, the
Freedman's Bureau, and Jefferson
Davis. I rose to leave; Mr. Pren
lice laughingly remarked, "I suppose
you Mississippians have not forgotten
your bad habits." I replied, "What I
is that., Mr. Prenticet" He respond- I
ed, "You drink, do you not 1" I re
plied, "Certainly; and will take a
dhink with you with pleasure." Mr.
Prentice rose slowly and with difl-' 1
culty. I saw how very teeble lie was
and offered my arm; he took it and I
we walked down the steps, turned to
the left and went into a drinking sa
loon. Our glasses wete ready, and
Mr. Prentice who had been talking all
the tiine about Mr. Davis with much
emotion, took his glass, raised it up,
and turning to me, said: "Jeffer
son Davis, the sublimest prisoner the
world ever saw: greater in his mis
foriunes than Napoleot the First. In
his casemate prison, in Fortress Mon
roe, he is like the caged eagle, nib
Sbliong at his bare."
The sentiment made a lasting in
pression upon my mind; and it is as
Svivid to-day as it was tlhen. I shall
never forget it. I served with Mr.
Davis in the war with Mexico, and
fought nnder his command through
3 the splendid battles of Monterey and
SBuena Vista. I have ever since had
the pleasure to know him personally,
Slooked upon him as one of the most
g ifted men in this Union, and one of
the bravest and most chivalrous.
S8. A. D. GREAVES.
SWise Action of Cotton Press Owners.
It is announced that the owners of
cotton piesses, from and after the fiest
), of September neat, will reduce the
d price of compressing fromseventy-five
to fifty cents per bale. This must
operate to our benefit as a cottoo port,
I and increase the shipping. Now what
,will the, towboat obmpanies do on this
o line Let there be a pull ahoegether in
11 the lowering of port charges of all
- kinds.
A lazy man's soliloquy: "I would
be quite willing to sit up at o nmear s
if I oould lie down kt my work.'
Water Taking the Place of Fat in
(aitle.
It is an important agricultural fact
that when fat is consumed in an auii
mal by rcason of deficient or defec
live food, water to a considerable ex
tent fills the cells vacated by parti- t
dles of fat. The weight of an ox or
hog when butchered does not inticate '
the character or quality of the meat.
Sonie pork, bacon and beef shrinks
miuch more in the pot when cooking
than other meats apparently of the ti
same quality, Heat drives out a large ol
share of the water in cells, and many is
suppo,se that the shrinkage is due to ti
a mistake of killing hogs or cattle in
the wlong time of the moon. The
moon has nothing to do with the o1
phonomena. A dressed fat ox and a
lean ox gave Wolff the following re- i
suits on analyses:
Fat Ox. Lean Ox.
Fat..........:10.5 8.7
Albuminoids ..... 15.6 19.2 t
Ash, earth of bones 4 4 5.9 1
Water............ 492 66.2 t
The above figures show the curious ti
faict that the four quarters of a lean to
ox contains seventeen per cent more b
water than the four quarters of a fat b
ox. The sixty per cent. of water in
poorly fed beef is not visible, and by
most people is not appreciated. A
beefsteak composed entirely of lean
meat contains seventy-tive per cent.
of water. An animal may gain in
weight and appear to be fat while its a
flesh is watery and of a poor quality. f1
Breeding and feeding with a view to
produce the best meet have grown
into an interesting science.
Mr. Linus W. Miller, of Stockton,
N. Y., who has a daily of forty cows, b
has experimented six winters in feed
iag half of them (imore of less) on
corn-meal ground fine without any
hay, straw, fodder or other forage. s
The daily ration is three quarts of '
yellow corn-mieal for each dry cow,
whose welght averages nine hundred
pounds. Three quarts of meal weigh
four and one-fifth pounds, or not over
two per cent. of the weight of the
animal. Mr. Miller finds this ration
of meal equal to twenty pounds of
good timothy hay; so that meal at
sixty cents a bushel is equal to hay
at five dollars a too. These results 6
seem to show that we over-estimate
hay and under-estimate corn as cat- i
tie-feed.
Commenting on Mr. Miller's prac
tice, Prof. Johnson, of the Connecti- c
cut experiment station, remarks: :
These well-authenticated facts make
it evident that both the external ap
penrance of an animal and its live
weight are entirely unsafe criteria
from which to judge of its real condi
tion or of the effect of its rations. It
is only by actual analysis of the
slaughtered animal or by measuring
the amount of carbon exhaled from
its lungs and skin in a respiration ap
paratus, that we can ascertain how i
well it has been nourished in any case B
where the ration has been unusnal in a
kind or quantity. If Mr. Miller should
claim that under his system the di- I
minished quantity of food is sufli.,ient,
because the animal is relieved from (
the labor needful to extract four
pounds of real nutriment from sixteen
pounds of indigestible or needless *
material, the facts would appear to
justify that claim to some extent at
least; but the whole subject requires
to be worked up care fully, as it only
can be with the methods and appli
ances of a fully equipped experiment
station.
Threats That are Out of Place.
From the Baltimore Gazette.
There was a time when a great (
many people in this country regarded
William Tecumseh Sherman as a luna
tic. We have never given in our ad- I
hesaion to that thleory, but we are
willing to declare that he is now
open to tile charge of being a fool.
His recent speech before thie Alumni
Association at West Point stamps him
at once as a disturber and a man, unfit
to wield tile baton of General. It is
time for this loose-tongued warrior to
be informed that the taxpayers of tihe
country have hired him to kill people
when they give him orders. His
threats are entirely out of place. It
is all well enough for his brother Johln
to talk abs',ot war and revolution, for
lhe is probably a criminal and his foot j
is in tha. trap. Gen. Sherman onght 4
to be locked up in the guard house
until he ceases to be a disturber of
the peace.
Hewitt Handles Watterson.
NEW YORK, June 22.-The Sun this
morning prints a very spirited reply
by Hon. A. 8. Hewitt to somewhat
violent denunciation to which Hon.
Henry Watterson yesterday gave ut
terance. Hewitt says: Ever since I
refused to call out 100,000 men io or
der to put Tilden in the White House,
he hlas never ceased to misrepresent
Imy deqlaratious, purposes and ac
tions, with a malignity which he
Sscarcely seeks to disguise. He has
peraistently accused me of supressinag
StelegraminFrom Tilden in regard to the
Selectoral commission, whereas the
facts is i never recived from Tilden
a telegram on that or any other sub
e ject. Afrer the meeting of Congress
in 1876, Tilden assured me that he
never sent any telegrams to me, so
that Watterson can not even justify
hIis association by the poor excuse
that it may have miscarried.
t The paper circulation of the Bank
a of Francs was reported May 10, 1~78,
e at $457,640,000. It is a legal tender,
t and is redeemable in gold or silver on
, demand. The exclusive prelege of
t issuing paper money was lted in
s a 1808 to the Bank of Fra for ac
Scommodations to the gonment.
I Specie payments were anspa;ul by
the Bank of France in 1814, and re
almed January 1, 1878. The amount
Sof gold and silver coin in France was
Sreported December 3l, 1877, at 1,117,
s 100,000 francs of gold, arnd 95 4U0,000;
framea of silse--all legal ts.dr :.
THE COUN1TRI PRESS.
Their Doom. of
Feliciana Sentinel. 1
The policy of the Democratic-Con
servatiye party upon the question of la
the amendmeuts proposed for the tI
constitution of the State, will be de
fined and determined upon by the
August Convention. We believe that W
a vast majority of the country press
have ranged themselves in opposi
tion to the amendments and in favor "
of a Constitutional Convention, and
we have no doubt they will be sue
tamed by the Baton Rouge Conven
tion. An article on the subject, the
first of a series, from the pen of one
of the gentle,,en through whose in
strumientality the amendments were
placed before the people, appears in
this issue. To it we direct attention,
and shall be pleased to hear from oth- Y
er friends, on 'the subject. Some of P'
the amendments are doubtless good "
per se, but whether, to accomplish a
thorough and wholesome teconstruc
tion of the organic law, it is not best C'
to sacrifice the amendments;-good,
bad and indifferent, seems to us to ,be
but a question of good policy.
Favors a Convention. tl
[Madison Journal.) a
The New Orleans Democrat has an V
exhaustive article on the subject of a T'
constitutional convention for Louisi- v
ana, and its reasoning is sound and a;
forcible. The Journal held along that v
the patches proposed for the present 2
constitution would not meet the wants ff
of the people and only tend to bur- q
den the present constitution. The b
people want to wipe out the past and St
begin anew, now that representative u
men will have a voice in firing the aS
fundamental rules for the govern- ti
ment of the commonwealth. In this of
section, so far as we have ascertained, I
the general sentiment is in favor of cu
the convention, and the only formid
able opposition we hear of at all in s]
North Louisiana comes from Ouachi a
ta patish, and there, we think, there o
was something slightly personal that tl
intensified the division and gave un- ii
usual importance to the local cam-si
paign for delegates. The indications ti
are that the Ouachita delegates will b
be with a small minority, the con- v
vention men being at Baton Rronge g
in such numbers as to leave no doubt p
about a great victory. We agree
with the Democrat that the present a
constitution is not an expression of a
the free and honest will of the people, r
who look forward to its wiping out v
as to a new evangel. iI
"Take off your Coat, Gibbs," 1
Judge-Where did you find this u
colored man, officer T
Officer-I found him last night n
hanging around Dclvin & Co's cloth c
ing store. Mr. Delvin has had a
good deal of clothing stolen lately, n
and I brought this man on suspicion. t
Judge-What is your name, priso- a
per I
Prisoner -- Napoleon Bonaparte I
Gibbs.
Judge- What is your occupation t
Gibbe-l'se traveling agent for do
new patent whitewash brash, ash. a
Judge-Take off your coat, Gibbs. I
Gibb--I hope you 'sense me, sah. t
I'se been troubled lately with de I
'fluency in de head, de 'zootic, salt.
I'se very bad.
Judge-Take off your coat, Gibbs. I
(Gibbs takes off his coat slowly.) I
Judge-Ah I Another coat under i
that; nothing like being wrapped I
up well, t they say in Alaska when
they go skating. Take off your coat, 1
Gibbs. I
Gibbs-I isn't well, I isn't, sah. De
doctor say, Napoleon, you wear plen- I
ty of clothes. De 'fluency, sah.- I
(Takes off his coat.)
Judge-Ahb! What have we here?
A swallow-tailf Take offyour coat,
Gibbs.
Gibbs-Die yere won't do, Judge.
I'se go a stiffness in de borax. I'se
very bad. (Takes off hiis coat.)
SJudge-Ah! A double-breasted
,frock. Take off your coat, Gibbs.
Gibbs-Dar's gwine to be a funeral
Shere, dar is, sah; I feels de stuffness
rising in de borax. (Takes off his
coat.)
r Judge-Whats this A shooting
jasket, by the soul of Nimrod! Take
t off your coat, Gibbs.
SGibbs-.l'e gwine for a korpus.
lI'se getting cold. Dis yere is murder
in de fuastest degree., (Takes off his
coat.)
Judge-A linen duster. I think
I've got qou down to a hard pan,
Gibbs. I shall commit you without
Sbai. Take him down gently, officer,
for he is a lily-a lily of the valley.
He toils not, neither does he spin;
I yet Solomon, iu all his glory was not
clothed like him.
It Not the Wife's Fault.
SAn unsuspeeting son of.Erin, who
b ad just arrived in New York, went
g to see his sister, who was married to
ea Yankee. The couple lived very
e happily in that city, and when Pat
n came, the gentleman took him over
- to his place to bshow it to him. Pat,
5 at the evidence of prosperity, said to
' his brother-is-law.
o "Begorry, you are happy with this
Sfine property to live on; me sister
' had good luck intirely, so she had, in
gettin' the likes of you for a hos
band."
k "And yet," responded tre married
Sman, "we wourd be very happy but
' for one thing."
, "And what's that " asked Pat.
f "Ah, Pat," returned the gentleman,
I "I'm sorry to say that we have no
. children."
S'"No children!" exclaimed Pat,
y "then, begorra, it's not my sister
. Maggie's fault, for abe bad two before
ut she left Ireland, and that's the very
as rayson me father siut her over here
iN Amersca." .h
l.Aboat thisl time the bell queior
~w·amet
Onachita.
Editor N. 0. Democrat--In a late issue
of your valuable journal, I noticed a rei
paragraph in relation to the proceedings ,
of the recent Parish Convention, calc,- ha
lated to mislead the public as to the
stand Ouachita takes on the coustitu- de
tional convention question, and the in- foi
fluence of Senator Stubbs in this coin- by
munity. of
It is true, as you state, that the Par- th
ish Convention, by a majority of fifteen g
votes (45 to 30), adopted resolutions, is
declaring it inexpedient to call the con- th
ventiou at any day in the early future th
It is also true that resolutions approv- did
ing the legislative course of Senator of
Stubbs were adopted. But that tlhese co
resolutions are expressive of the will es
of the majority of the Democrats of be
Ouachita, I deny. it
A simple statement of facts will show u,
you that a majority of the votes of the a,
people of this parish were for the con- to
veution. There were seven wards to h
be represented in the parish convention, s
with votes as follow: First ward, 14 p
votes; second ward, 14 votes; third it
ward, 14 votes; fourth ward, 8 votes; cc
fifth ward, 5 votes; sixth ward, 8 votes; w
and seventh ward, 12 votes. At the hi
election for delegates in the first ward b,
the vote stood 28 for convention, 3
against; in the second ward 31 for cn- of
vention, none against; in the third ward
76 for, 94 against (if we consider the ti
vote on giving the chair authority to ,
appoint delegates as a test of the con- to
ventiou question); in the fourth ward in
2 for, 15 against; in the fift ward 23
for, none against; in the sixth ward the st
question was never put to the meeting,
but give all present(12) against; in the
seventh ward 23 for, 26 against. Add
up the vote for and aginst, as above
stated, and we have 181 for a conven
tion and 138 against, being a majority a
of 43 for, in a vote of 319. These fig- am
ures I defy any man to successfully 9
contradict. hi
You will preceive there was a very h
slim vote everywhere but in ward three, b:
and I am safe in asserting that those of
opposed to the convention brought out V
their full strength. The people were al
in this manner defrauded of an expres- ne
sion of their will by a few votes in cer- h
tain wards. These few votes, although
but an insignificant part of the whole
vote of the parish. chose enough dele
gates to controle the convention and tr
pass the resolutions.
There is also a misstatement in the
minutes of the convention as to the
number of votes against making the e
resolutions unanimous. The same vote tl
was cast against making them unani- f
mous as against their adoption. The fi
error perhaps came about in this wise: a
Those voting against making the reso- k
lutions unanimous were told to stand
up, twelve stood up. These were.
counted as twelve votes araiust the t
motion, when the delegates thus voting tl
cast thirty votes. 0
There was an effort made by the mi- r
nority of the committee on resolutions ti
to refer the matter back to the parish c
at large, to be voted on in the primary hI
election. This, of course, was opposed p
by the supporters of Senator Stubbs,
who were in the minority, and who h
were well acquainted with the real feel
ings of the people of this parish, as
shown by their votes as above stated.
It must appear to every reasoning man
that the sense of the parish could only
be taken in a vote of the whole parish
as a whole, and not by wards. The
opponents of the convention and sup
porters of the constitution of 1868 did
not desire to take the sense of the par
ish. Their whole course in this parish I
has shown that they relied upon sharp
practice and shufling tricks to stifle
the voice of the people and make them
appear to give utterance to sentiments
most odious to them. These perpetra
tors of Radical infamy and oppression
have succeeded in their views nere, hbut
I hope there is enough patriotism still
in Louisiana to redeem her.
PARTICIPATOR.
WVATTRR8ON on HEwITT.-Mr. Wat
terson, editor of the Courier-Journal, I
says in his card published in the Sun,
and to which allusion has been made
in the press dispatches:
You know and I know that Mr. Til
den disapproved the elcetoral bill;
you know and I know that you spent ,
Sunday, January 14, in New York,
and that he made his objections suf- I
flciently known to you. On monday
Jaonuary 1th, a meeting of the com
mittee of advisement considered the
teramse of the bill hypothecally submit
Sted to it; that at this meeting I op
posed them; that yen were as dumb
as an oyster as to Mr. Tilden's
Sopinion, and that finalBly we all agreed
to support the measure, most dl us be
lieveing it the emanation of our chief.
SI have charged, and I do charge that
1 you failed to deal fairly with us on
that oecation; your failure to tell
what Mr. Tilden had said to you the
day previous, was a practical suppres
sion of his more sagacious council,
and, to all intents, the betrayal of
0 your falends. Now I repeat and de
it dlare my charge of personal dishonor
0 upon you and as you don't wish to
y fight it out, and I am sure I don't, I
t will make you this proposition: You
r select two members of the committee
, of advisement. of which both of us
;o were members, and I will select two.
The foure shall saelect thlhfth, and it
s I do not make my eharge good I will
r make you a public apolegy.
The St. Louis Republican says the
d vote for governor in the recent Ore
gon election was: Thayer, (Demo
crat) 14,891; Beekman, (Republican)
14,842; Democratic amajority, 49.
The Democrats elected the member
Sof Congress by 719 majority. They
also elect a majority of the members
, of the legislature. On joint batelot
r that body will stead: Democrats, 56;
r Republican, 85; nludepeudant, 4.
SDemocrats have a clean majority of
S10; and this makes certain the elec.
too of a Democratic Unitld Stateo
n wsertor in plaee the preseat Repub.
lien, Mitchell.
keeping Meat I Il ot. eautlher.
Great is the convuenuicVe of a god,l
refrigerator, writes a correspilndeit.
But many of us, who live in th, (,un itri,
have to get along without such a ou
venience. Farmers' families, who oft,n
depend upon the butchers' n .att-c' t
for supplies of fresh meat, are ainny',i
by the bother and the nant, that 'cin s
of getting more mltton on handi thans
they can conveniently use up Ielre it
gets tainted. The most fo liiºh \at.l.
is to eat more of it than vy1 ut(iI. wit ;t
the idea of "saving it :" the doct-,r's Bill
that may result from over-ladin.. tilt
digestive organs is not. so good a hl,\v
of economy, as the fresh eggs you mig~ih.
coax from the hens by feeling tihm any
excess of meat. The meat shoull lirst
be wiped clean and dry. Soim, surinkle
it well in all parts with salt. )theis
use black pepper plentifully (walhini
and wiping it well before using it to r,,
move the pepper or salt), and thn'
hang it in the coolest plae(" l"ssilhle
some in the well, others in a clla .
Perhaps the best precaution is to wrapi
it in a dry cloth, and cover it with ch i: -
coal-dust. Some say that wv ,d a:-h,
will answer about as well as char,,al.
but I only know the virtues of c' ar'coal
by experience. 1 have foundl lhat char
coal will even remove a sliiht ,,l. r,,,
of taint. Iam told that nuttm, in iuii
proved, as well as preserved, for a s,,irt
time, by wrapping it in a (clitlh -n.
with vinegar, and laying it on tine ,11t
tom ef a dry cellar. All kinds of neat.
including fish and fowl, umay 1.
preserved in brine for ii longer ,r
shorter time.
Arrival of Mr, Elanm.
[Shreveport Herald. ]
The Hon. Joseph B. Elat, lRepre
sentative in Congress from this district,
arrived on the morning train Irai,
Wathington. We are pleased to se
him look so well after the arduous la
bors of a long session. But it is not
hard work that wears away a memlber
of Congress. It is the disipation f
Washington life. If a man will keep
away from them and attend to the Lunsi i
ness of his constituents, as M1r. Elam
has done, he will invariably enjoy as
good health in Washington as he cujvy
at home.
Mr. Elam has made an ablde, indu.
trious and faithful Representative. 11
has shown his capacity and dispositinl
to represent the whole district, ire's
pective of local interests. lie has an
complished much for his constituents:
that he has not accomplished more is 1,0
fault of his. We are pleased to learn
from him that the Pacific railroad bill
and other measures in which we are in
terested will probably pass next session.
Mr. Elam will find, after mingling
with the people of this district; that
they fully appreciate his labors, and
that there is no opposition in the 1)ehm
ocratic party to his re nomination ,,r his
re-election. He will have the satishfae
tion, too, to know, that, now the hiRadi
cal Returning Board is out of the way,
he will not again, after his ehection, ,he
put to so much trouble and expose iu
getting the seat as to outweigh tih
honors and emoluments attached to it.
Some Polities.
I Shreveport Standarid.]
With the adjournment of Congress
and the return of our members, the
question of theid successors is now
Sbeing disecueed; of cotnrse all of then
wseh to be returned. They have had
a taste of Wauhington life, and arte
loath to give it up. But there ae
many others who would like to serve
Sthe State for $5,000 a year, and hIence
SMessrs. Gibson, Ellis, Robertson,
SAekles and Elam will probably have
competitors. Senators White and
SZaclharie, with A. C. Janiu of tlm
Democrat, would not object to takt
Gen. Gibson's place, while Col. E. A.
HBurke, James McConnell and Mm.
Poche, of St. James, think they can
do more for the district than Jolhn
Ellis has done, Claiborne, of Pointm
, Coupee, Gov. Wickliffe, of West Fe
h, lciaoa and Gen. lerron, of East
e Baton Rouge will probably suggest
to their present representative, Jholi
I- erteon, to retire in their favor, hlile
SElam perhaps will be invited to "stepl
t down and out.n However, these are
, only rumors as yet, and it will bc
- sometime before we can tell "how thebo
y cat will jump."
e A Ian Who Never Told a Lie.
.Oil City Derrick.
b Yesterday afternoon an old oil-n:ian,
' with crude petroleum dripping from his
d clothes and legs inclosed in high boots,
- entered the Derrick office and said:
"Want an item 1" I've got the biggest
t item yuea ever heard tell of. I struck an
ilewell on my lease Mondat, an' she
Sflowed a stream of ile 100 Icet high
il straight up for half an hour. 'Then she
1e kinder died down. One of aly drillers
5- was standing over the hole, when she
l, suddenly syprted up again, atid if it
of didn't take that driller right up wi"h it.
e. The stream was a powerful one yon si,,
an' he went up a hundred feet. You"'
Sseen those little balls as dance about on
the top of thoe little apurtin: fotnuitains
suceh as they have,in the cities ? Yes,
on wasl that's the way thi.s ere thing acted,
e san' there's that :air driller rigllt up oCi
as top of that hundred-futcollnti of em ltdo
ro. lie, an' be's dancinog 'iont like cihaitt id
i fanntte' mill. What doeyou thitnk of that,
'ill U I"
"1fow long has he been up there ?"
"About foer days and fournights."'
"He must he very hungry by this time.
he Doesn't he come dawm to get. somethlimig
to eat ?"
' "Why, we'uns)nst put a plate of haJshl
e- in this stream of ile, and it takes it i up t,
n) hint, yon see. An' it's nmrightyv handy, ns
'9.he finds his victuals already greased, an'
or he doesn't need batter."
ey His face was as innocent of deceit as a
srs piece of tanned leather, and iihen hI.
lot asked to have his name putt down as a
[ deadhead eubseriber for informa:tion he,
had given, we didn't have the hltuart to
o hurthis feelings by refusing.
te It is said that France will shortly
b. have 1,380,000 trained soldiers ready
for mgeries.