POSITIVELY NO CIIROMOS!
Tho DANBVW T bows.
IFOR :1874.
Containining'every week' FORTY COL
U31NS of choice reading Imat
ter, printed on clear, hand
some ty'pe, and line
white paper.
I lI E NEWS is edited b:iy the Dabun
1 y News Man; is contributed to by
George. Alfred Townsend, the chief of
Newvpaper Correspondents, and ether
excellent writers, who will furnish fresh
c0,rrespondence from the leading cities,
and conlribnte to the editorial columns.
The NEWS has its own Scientific,
Fashion, Chess and Puzzle editors; pub
lishes the best original matter, the best
miscellany, and the freshest and best
w.iscelany, and the freshest anid best
stories. In all its departments it is
edited with scrupulous care, and, is, in
consequence one of the best Family
Journals published. Sample Copies free
-scud for one.
TERMS OF SUBS(CRIPTION:
One Year .........................$2.00
Speci at rates to ,Postmasters4 and clubs.
BAILEY &'DONOVAN,
Danbury, Conn.
Harper's Periodicals.
NARPIER'S MAGAZINE.
There is no monthly Magazine an in
telligent reading family cia less afford to
be without. Many Magazines are ac
cnmulated. Harper's is edited. %There
:s not a Magazine that is printed which
shows more intelligent pains expanded
on its articles and mechanical execution.
There is not a cheaper Magazine pub
lisheo, There is not, confessedly, a
more popular Magazine in the world
[New England Homestead.
A repository of biography and history,
literature seience and art, unequaled by
a:ny other American publication.-[New
York Standard.
The most popular, and, in its scheme,
the most original of our Magazines.
[Nation.
IIARPER'S WEEKLY,
A Journal of Civilivation.
Theo best publication of it class in
America, and so far aheads of all other
weekly journals as not to admit of any
comparison between it and any of their
nunmber. Its columns contain the finest
collections of reading matter that, are
printed. * * * * Its illustrations are
numerous and beautiful, boiyg fuirished
by the chief artists of the couutry.-[Bos
ton Traveler.
Harper's Weekly deserves its primacy
in this class of publications, alike for the
value of its reading matter and the ex
cellence of its illustrations. The edito
rials on public affairs are models of dis
cussion, weighty and temperate, support
ing high principlee in an elevated tone
and a chastened literary atyle.-[Exami
noer and Chronicle.
HAIIPER'S u ZA.1,
A Repositery of.Fashioae, Pleastoe
and Iutrutetion.
It is really the only illustrated
chronicdeler of fashion in the country.
Its supplements alone are worth the sub
scription price of the paper. While
fully maintaining its position as a mir
ror of fashion, it also contains stories,
lpoems, brilliant essays, besides general
and pemonal goelip.-[Bostou Satnrday
Evening Gazsette.
There never was any paper published
that so delighted the heart of woman.
yevff mind if it does east yon a new
bonnet; it will save you tenll times the
price in the honusehold economy it teach
es.-[Providence Journal.
TERMS:
For lHarper's Magazine, Weekly and
Bazar.
I larper's Magazine, one year $4 00
Harper's Weekly, one year 4 00
lHarper's Bazar, on year 4 00
Hlarper's Magazine, Harper's Weekly
and Harper's Bazar, for one year,
$10; or any two for $7.
An extra copy of eithe the Magazine,
WVeetly or Bazar will be supplied gratis
for every elnb of fiversubscribers at $4
each, in one remittance; or six copies
for PSO, without extrl copy.
The postage within the United States
Sis for the Magazine, 24 eents a year; for
the Weekly or Bazar, 20 cents a year,
payable yearly, semi-year l, orluarterly,
at the omce where received.
In remitting by mail, a postoflee or
der or draft, payable to the order of
lHarper & Brothers, is preferable to bank
notes, since, should the order of draft be
lost it can be renewed without loss to
the sender.
Address HARPER i. BROTHERS,
New York.
The Largest and Best and Cheapest
Paper in the World is the
NIASBI'S PAPER.
(Fity-six Wide Columns 8 pages.)
For $1.50tper year, in Clubs?
With Boor,almost given away?!
t Specinmen e'lies sent free to rany
addres. Send for a specialmen and exam
ine it.
g" Nasby writes his Political Letters .
exclusively for the Blad. Address
LOCKE & JONES,
Toledo, Ohio. i
Ayer's
Sarsaparilla
Is widely known
as one ofthe most
effectual remne
dies ever discov
ered for cleans
ing the system
and purifying the
blood. It has
stood the test of
years, with a con
stantly growing
repntatiot?'based on its intrinsic virtues,
and sustained by its remarkable" cures.
So mild as to be safe and beneficial to
children, and yet so searching as to
etlectually pure out the great corrnu
tions of the blood, such as the scrof
ulons and syphilitic contamination.
Impurities or diseases that have lurked
in the system for years soon yield to
this powerful nutiulote, andl disappear.
Sll.ence its wonderfil cures, many of
which are publicly known, of Scrot la,
and all scrofulous diseases, Ulcers,
Eruptions, and eruptive disorders of
the skin, Tumors, Blotches, Boils,
Pimples, Pnstules, Sores, St.
Anthony's Fire, Rose or Ery
sipelas, Tetter, Salt Rheum,
Scald Head, Ringworm, and in
ternal Ulcerations of the Uterus,
Stomach, and Liver. It also cures
other complaints, to which it would not
seem especially adapted, such as Drop
sy, Dyspepsia, Fits, Neuralgia,
Heart Disease, Female Weak
ness, Debility, and Leucorrhoea,
when they are manifestations of the
scrofulous poisons.
It is an excellent restorer of health
and strength in the Spring. By renew
ing the appetite and vigor of the diges
tive organs, it dissipates the depression
and listless languor of the season.
Even where no disorder appears, people
feel better, and live longer, for cleansinu
the blood. The system moves on with
renewed vigor and a new lease of life.
PBRPARED BY
Dr. J. C. AYER & CO., Lowell, Mass.,
Pneeal es ad 4aelytsaul Ckeusieat.
ISOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS IVaEBRwERS.
Ayer'sAgue Cure,
For Fever and Ague Intermittent We
ver, Ohill Fever, Remittent Fever,
Dumb gue Periodioal or Biliogu F.
ver, Ae., an indeed all the aOhetions
whioh arem from mlarionul aa -mgy
mimsmatio poisons.
No one remedy is loader
ealled for by tile necessities
of the American people than
a sitre iald safe cure for
Never anmd Ague. Such
we are now enabled to offer,
with a perfect certainty that
it will eradicate the disease, anid with assur
ance, liunldei on proof, that no harm can
arise firot, its use in any quantity..
That which prnote.ts from or prevents this
disorder ~nmust be of ihmmense service in the
communlities where it prevails. Prevention
is better than cure; for the patient escapes the
risk which he must run in violent attacks of
this baleful distemiper. This "CeUiR" expels
the mliasinlatic poison of sever and Ague
from the system. and prevents the develop
nment of the dlisease. if taken on the first
approach of its premonitory symptoms. A
great superiority of this remedy over any
other ever discorverl for the speedy and eer.
tain cure of Intenrmitttnts is, that it contains
no quinine or mineral; consequeutly it pro.
dnces no quinisnt or other intjllriolus effects
'whatever upon the eonstitution. Those cured
byit 'are left as healthy as if they had never
hiad the dlisease.
Fever aind Agime i4 not alone the con
sequence of the miasttatic poison. A great
varlety of disorders arise front its irritation,
amollg which are ,eural*.rlh, Rhemma.
ti ,u, lout, Ieadache, Plllaimles,
Toothathe, EaFrache, Catarrh, Asth
man, Palpitation, Plantfal Atfeecsle
ef lhe Spleenla,lysterlic, Pain Lm slte
Uewels. Colic, Paralyisi,, ant derange.
ment of the Stonmach, all of whichd, when
originating in this cause,. put ot the inter
mittent type, or become periodical. This
"CURE" expels the poison from the blood,
and eoncnseetly cures thema all alike. It is
nat• valnalie protection to nmigrants andl'
persons travelling or temporarily residing in
the malariones districts. If taken occasion.
ally or daily while explosed to the infection,
that will be exereted ftom tihe sy.stem, anti
cannot accumulate in suficient quantity to
ripen into disease. Hence it is even more
vnaluale for protection than cure; and few
will ever suffer fr.en. Internlittents if they
avail themselves of the protection this rena*
edy affords.
For Liver Compainints, arising frkom torpid
ity of the Liver, it is an excellent remedy,
Itinulating the Liver into healthy activityp,
and producing many truly remarkable cures,
where other medicines fall.
PRIPARED BT
Dr. 5T . ATERN CO., Lowell, Maa.,
Pruesel end AIerEyteal Chessts.t,
AND 8OLD ALL ROUND THE WORLDT
WILLIAMS' MOWER & REAPER
SENIEl , BEIGE & CO.
18 Soath MainStreet, St. Louis ,
dioe state idat ..r .t
h14 ViND a TRUsT, Off i 0e ,
1? GO t your printinug done at
the VIIO)mcaton JobaOfficea
Grateful Thousands proclaim
VINEGAnR BITTERS tije most wonder
ful Invigori4ut that .ever sustained
the sinking system. .
No Person can take these Bit
ters according to directions, and re
main long unwell, provided their
bones are not destroyed by. mineral
poison or other means, and vital or
gans wasted beyond repair.
Bilious, Remittent, and In
termittent Fevers, which are so
nrevalent in the valleys of our great
rivers throughout the United States,
especially those of tie Mississippi,
Ohio, Missouri, Illinm , Tennessee,
Cumberland, Arkans is, Red, Colo
rado, Brazos, Rio (Gande, Pearl,
Alabama, Mobile, Si1vannah, Ro
anoke, James, and many others,
with their vast tributaries, through
out our entire country during the
Summer and Autumn, ntud remarka
bly so during seasonk of unusual
heat and dryvuess, are invariably ac
conpanled by extensive derange
ments of'the stomach amd liver, and
other abdominal viscera. In their
treatment, at purgative, exerting a
powerful influence upon these vari.
ouns organs, is essentially necessary.
There is no cathartic for the purpose
equal to Dit. . J. WsAL;E' VINEGARI
TErtsus, as they will speedily remove
the dark-colored viscid matter with which
the bowels are loaded, at the same time I
stimulatiug the secretions of the liver,
5nd generally restoring the healthy func
tions of the digestive trgans.
Fortify the body against dis.
,ase by purifying all its fllus with
%INEGAiS II'TERSe. No epidemic can
take hold of a system thus fore-armed.
Dyspepsia or Indigestion, Head
ache, Tam in the Shoulders, Coughs,
Tightness of the Chest, Dizziness, Sour
Eructations of the Stomach, Bad Taste
in the Mouth, Bilious Attacks, Palpita
tion of the Heart, Inflammation of the
Lungs, Pain in the region of the Kidneys,
and a hundred other painful symptoms,
are the offspringsof Dyspepsia. One bot
tle will prove a better guarantee of its
merits than a lengthy advertisement.
Scrofula, or King's Evil, White
Swellings, Ulcers, Erysipelas, Swelled
Neck, Goitre, Scrofulous Inflammations,
Indolent Inflammations, Mercurial affsie
tions, Old Sores, Eruptions of the Skin,
Sore Eyes, etc. In these, as in all other
constitutional Diseases, WALKER'S VIN-
EoAnBITTERs have shown their great cur
ative powers in the most obstinate and
intractable cases.
For Inflamnmatory and Chronic
elleuntlatism, Gout, Bilious, Remit
tent and Intermittent Fevers, h)iseases
of the Blood, Liver, Kidneys and Bladder,
these Bitters have no equal. Such Dis
cases are caused by Vitiated Bhlood.
Mechanical Diseases.-Persons
engaged in Paints and Minerals, such as
Plumbers, Type-setters, Gold-beaters and
Miners, as they advance in life, are sub
ject to paralysis of the Dowels. L'o guard
against this, take a dose of WAKERa's
V tGJaR nrmzts ocCitiionally.
For 8kin Diseases, Eruptions,
Tetter, Salt-Rhium, Blotches, Spots, Pim
ples, Pustliles, Boils, Carlmunlces, Ring
worms, Scald-head, Sore Eyes, Erysipe
las, Itch, Scurfs, Discolorations of the
Skin, Humors and Diseases of the Skin of
*hatever name or nature, are literally
dug up and carried out of the systim ina
short time by the use of these Bitters.
lin, Tape, and other Wotms,
lurking in the system of so many thou
sands, are effeetnally'destroyed and re
moved. No system of medicine, no ver
hlfuges, no anthielminitics will free the
system from worms like these Bittern.
ForFemaleComplaints, in young
or old, married or single, at the dawn of
womanhood, orthe turn of life, these Ton
ic Bitters display so decided an influence
that imnprovement is soon perceptible.
Cleanse the Vitiated Blood
wlhenever you find its impurities bursting
through the skin in .Pimples, Eruptions,
or Sores; cleanse it when you find it ob
structed and sluggish in the veins; cleanse
it wheq'it is foil; your feelings will tell
you when. Keep the blood pure, and the
health of the system will follow.
I H. MecDOMALtD d CO.,
Druggists & Gen. Agt.. San Franecieo, Califor.
nia, & cor.of Washington wadChbarton Sta.,NY.
Sold by nall Druaists and Denlers.
EYERY FARMER S8 OWN II5ILLER.
CHALLENGE FEED MILLS
am
Combitzed
HttELLER AND ORBIRE
Was Grind myr ane of
Peed, whther et ordry
O)Sge Caon and Cob Mil.
- Da..r a~alm mao r3ee mndram
SUMPLE, BIB(E & CO.,
. ha*P mla m wipm,, a..
IsM esath n al , ST. LoUs.
rsjnasan,amnwhagapesnimumssh
SORGHUJI MACHINERY,I
;k 8E O IIILLS,
" tUVAPOIATIMa
-I.RNlanOE
plryiig, who wl t P easer
mention in what'paper the.
Saw this advti'se mermnt.
Semple, Birge & Co.
1Z 80UTH MAIN 8T., 8T. LO0*
S
z'e Vindicator
JOB OFFICE.
ALL KINDS OF
JOB PRINTING
EXECUTED WITH
Ncatness and Dispatch.
POSTERS,
HAND BILLS,
CIRCULARS,
WEDDING aud BALL TICKETS,
CARDS
-AND
BLANKS
OfEvery Description
Pri~eda at Reasnable Rate.
17 Persons desirols, of having Jon
Panlrero done neatly, expeditiously anad
cheap are invited'to call at the office of
the ''VL'DIcAToroi."
IJC IKC'
200 PAGES; 500 ENGRAVINGS, and
COLOREI) PLATE. Publishel d Qnur
terly, at 2 Cents a Year. First No. for
1874 just issued. A German edition at
snle prlcc.
Address, JAMES VICK,
Rochester, N. Y.
THE BEST PAPER !
BEAUTIFULLY ILLUSTRATED.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN now in
its 29th year, enjoys the widest cireula.
tion of any weekly newspaper of the kind
in the world. A new volume comwnmece
January 3, 1874.
Its contents embrace the latest and most
interesting information pertaining to the
Industrial, Mechanical, and Scientific Pro.
gross of the World; Descriptions, with
Beautiful Engravbigs, of New Inventions,
New Processes, and ImprovMl Industries
of all kinds; Useful Notes, Recipes, Sug
gestions and Advice, by Practical Writers,
for Workmen and Employers.L in all the
various arts.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN is the
cheapest and best illustrated weekly pa
per published. Every number contains
fronm 10 to 15 original engravings of new
machinery and novel inventions. o
ENGRAVINGS, ilhlustrating Imprcfte
mIents, Discoveries, and Important Works,
pertaining to Civil aud Mechanical Engi
neering, Milling, Mining and Metallurgy;
Reconis of the latest progress in the Ap
plications of Steam, Steam. Engineering,
lhailways. Ship-Building, Navigation.
Telegx hy, Telegraph Engineering, Elec
tricity, Magnetism, Light and Heat.
FARMERS, Mechanics, Enginoers'
Inveutors, Manufacturers, Chemists, Lov
era o-Science, Teachers, Clergymen, Law
yers, rnd People of 411il Professions, will
find the ScIENl.Tt'IE AnMEItc.t useful o
them. It should have a place in every
Family, Library, Study, uflice, and Count
ing Room; in every iReading Room,
College, Academy or School.
A year's numbers contain 832 pages aad
SEVErL IIUNxDRIIED ENO tVIos. Thon
saiids of volumes are perserved for bind
ing and reference. The practical receipts
are well worth ten times the subscription
price. 'Tenrms $3 a year by mail. Dis
eomnt to Clubs. Specimens sent free.
May be had of all News Dealers.
ATENTS. In connection with
" J the SCIENTIFIC
AMERICAN, Messrs. MtUN & Co. are
Solictors ofAmerican and Foreign Patents,
and have the largest estblishment in the
world More than fifty thousand applica
tions have been made for patents through
their agency.
'aeuts vare obtained on the best terms
Modlels of New inventions and sketches
examined and advice free. Allpatents
are published In the Scientific American
the week they issue. Send for Pamphlet,
110 pages, laws and full directions for
obtaining Patents.
Address for the Paper, or concerning
Patents, Muxx & Co., 37 Park Row,
N. Y. Brach Office, cor. F and 7th Sts.,
Washinton, D. C.
Jany 1 1874.--1
TH SATURDAY EVENING POST.
A Beautiful Chromo to every yearg" Sub
scriber.
31AX ADELER, TIHE GRI.AT HUMORIST,
A WEIKILY CONTRIBUITOR
, The Saturday Evening Post lias been
the great Literary Weekly for half a cen- i
tury. Itpublishe Serial after Serial of
Love and Advenanre--and yet does not
neglect shorter stories and sketches. It
ves a short Historical Sketch weekly.
Max AdelCr (the great Humorist,) is a
regular contributor. "Zig," the spiciest
of our lady writers, also contributes reg
ul:rly. Olive King, Daisy Eyebright,
Ella Wheeler, &c., &ec. are frequent cor
respondents.
Our premium Chromo for the coming
year, is entitled
'"ONE OF LIFE'S HAPPY HOURS."
It is a beauty--the work of Sinclair &
Co., one of the oldest and most ce)e
brated'firms in the country. A copy of
this Chromo will be given to every year
ly subscriber for 1874.
Remember! The price of the Pest is
fifty cents lower to Club Subscrilers than
tim prices of the other iimht-elass Week
lies, and yet we live each of them a
Chromo besides •
TERMS- Always in Advance.-One
copyv (ith Chromo,) 3.00, Four copies!
(8atnd four Chronic.) 68.00, Sji opies (aud
seven Chroachs,) $12.00, eight tiopies (anild
eight Chromeso,) $16.00. The sender of
this last club will be ag.tled to a copy
of The Post and Chromo ratis .
One copy of The Poset (00,) and one
of Arthur's Home Magazine, (250.) with
the Premium Pictures of both giodi
cals, will be' sent for $4.50. Ten cents
extra must be sent for mailing pietures.
Ten cents must be sent for every chro
me ordered, to pay the expenses of mail
ing, or .' cents if the chromo is desire,
ncour ted on card-board or muslin.
Sample numbers seat gratis.
THE SATURDAY EVENING POST,
319 Walanut 8treet, Philadelphia.
4ov. 15.-ly.
S. VIA TIEi
LSE lSTAR U)ITE i
4ltirmanxdany. snn assT.NorrHwr
AuL RoAt,.)
Pasengers golng'to Texasu via Memphis an
Little Rock, or via Shreveport, strike this line
at Lbnview, the Ilst'Equte to Palestine,
Hearne, Waco, Austin, uutsville, Houston,
Ga5vston and all points in Western, Central,
Eastern and Southern Texas. -
Passengere via New Orlin will fU "ft' the
Best Route to Tyler, Miaeola. IJlla, Overton,
Crckett I Teew and ali points ian Yastan
and Nort~eastern -Tes.
This line is well utilt, thmroughly.tmpn
with eye moern asprovement, inludg
e and Eiurt.y Coaches, Pllman IPalI
aj81erD'ps~ u, Westlnaghne Air Brakes
Miller's Ptet fety Plattforms and Coup:
lears; and nowhere eis can the passenger so
seompletely depend e a speedy, safe a$ com.
Wlhe ~L ON1t STAR ROUTE lias admirabl
w.erd tbeo quiry: "How to go to Texas ?
bi' the publication bf'Ma iterestin and troth
fel document, containinr a mbahble and cor.
reet ma, which can be oltained, free of chare
by ad reawing the GENERAL TIUK1
AGENT, International and Great Northerun
ia Ilroad, Iloaston, Texas.
District E.J F'b. Ii..t.
t
The Favorite Home ReI m,
This unrivalled Medicine is aNk%.ai
Siot to contain a single parti,le ojt'n
or any ilnjurious substaance, blt is
P'RELYVEGETABLI:.
containing those Southern roots and hbe,
which an all-wise Providence has plaed
j in countries where Liver Di4.Lsee mo0t
aprevail. It wtill cure all Diseases caand
by derangement of the Liver and Bfloel1
t Simmons Liver Reglaaor, or ltditite,
Is eminently a Fami!y Medicine; .and b
being kept ready for immediate resort wifi
save many an hour of sufl r1in,. and lanuy
a dollar in time and doctors' bills.
After over Forty Years' trial, it is still
receieviag the most unqualitied testinonials
to its virtue from persons of the highest
character and responsibility. Emnianet
lphysicia)ns conmnernd it as the most
SE'retual Specrilc for lyspepsna or lndi
gestioi.
Armed with this ANTIDOTE, allclititke
and changes of water anodfood nay I
tbfeed without fear. As a RIemedy i 3lA
LARIOUS FEVERS, BOWIL CI031
PLAINTS, Restlessness, Jaundice,Nauses
, ITZ A' ?ARO 4yQUtAt
It is the Cheapest, Purest and lkest Falu i
ly Medicine in the World!
Is manufactured only by
J. II. ZEILIN & CO.,
SMacon, Ga., and Philadelphia.
Price, One Dollar. Sold by All Druggist
p Dec.20-ly
R R. R.
RADWAY'S READY RELIEF
CU'RES TIE IFOBST PAINS
In ;rom One to Twenty Minutes.,
NOT ONE HOUR
aLr reaJingthiadrtlwrwmeut nes ii ,n-o0
F M:FEF WITH PAIN.
RI .WAY'R II.ADY P.lRLIEF IS A :Cut r.'.
E1ERY PAiN.
It wamtheferst a,,d it
The Only Pain teinteldy
that iastantlystop thomeotecrurciatig p.sr . altr.
Inilammuatioh. and c re.' t ll.getiin, wh.wi:eteri er
Lungs, Stemachi. awels, or utsher tLasor organs, ;
weiapplication.
IN FROM ONE TO TWESTY' MI.rM'~.
to lfler bow SlIeat or esern.tismug Ce paao tu
RU .l AtlIt, led-ridden. Inira . e',pple4l, Nerv.,
euralgic, or prtrate wih diveae a sudcr,
RADWAY'S READY RELIEF
WILL AFFORD INSTANT LAtSE.
INFA N ION OF TIIE KIDNRYS.
' LAMMATON OP TH O BLADDIIR.
INllSATloN oF THill BOWELS.
H CONGKaTION OF TINE 1.U1iGI.
OPt THROAT,P D xIlFFICULT ATHIS a;.
PALPITATION OF tlE LWAUIL
BITSTRICS, CROUP1, DIPHTERIA.
HEADACHE, T AOOM ACT H RAEa
UAULGHUIA. HiUIIATISlL
COLD CHILn., Aqua AlLoLmd.
Theapplieattonoethe Rdy Raelieftothepartr
past witrei tht pale or alty ehait Sidaflliltfrd ea
and t'Couniot.
Twenty dropsinHlfattmbler of water wtlasllfe
SomentacureuH AML'S SV URSTOMNAt,
HIARTIIURN, SICK IADAC1, IIARRIIOA.
DSKI'NTRNRT COLIC WIND M Ttll IIOWVEL
smamllIWTERAL PAla.
Travelel shbould alwayls ay i beMto ofBd
Way's Ready lreie mlthitke. A taw MDrps
water wiliprevent aclrce or alns from ciunge ur
waer. IltbotterYtaaYr~~a~cladlor IlStr as
galandant.
FBVBB AND AGUIJ
FpVFRANDAGUgrredfortiftvyeents. There s
otr leodiialgemntaath world bthat wil care Fever
5e nAge. sad it ther Maiaaou, liioos. Mbealet,
I Yllow, sat aber ierm sirded b lAD
WAY'i PUIIJ8JoqeJuc k Ai.DW] ' IBE
HEALTHI BUEAUTYII!
liOlrO ARID WIthR ITO BrWDD.. I BC- AS3
orFLI7H.K AND WUIGHT...lRAR SKIN At
DR. RADWAY'8.
anapkillinlepit
THE CREAT BLOOD PURIFIER.
UASN ADBTB MOST ASTOIISUIwGCIUR ES: Fo
DUICK.R RAPID AitUE cUy OHNwt. nilg
ol Till trIYU wOIPhOSI)"WI w
THAT
aile ittks en atu l
WNT .omaseatlburetrogwpe BiUdalwsa rermS.
elberu Plldas sad jutcs of ahe thesmiblgoro(
,e .owprs ro aabslwrptins i thasnl ,mosa
touhea  ttreatwaer oel, Nrasa o
wathewRIIA ABI sluwroillea m a I e -
Oa , IriaUAIIrIeAesh hias commet1eMst
w n ork eoinil os sewl , ess ,avr o a w m
motaly doratloogatgragn Resb.lagryoltal
allws W oe tlb.5 sle aAerChrse allero
caloie, NlSabwsa. eldspewasnah Iwnn eitso
rY~Ul.lbmm,.sa_ la all e
, 8beumla)Ur .oer ithe wateo r tlisomoo Jb
w ide. vm aryoshe see. d ugour,l
prMOvsoa o oaUlmltwrotllh wsr .frn',
::*:5ll~lo p54, sa:*:sr.y
5samesor or as re d one
*DR. RADWAY'8
lbs wlaphimrrwhig l'UlaqMlI4
lpeblnbs y u tm.ale ,l ly tted wit weet o.
fare,Crluwizus ad s.li.lrd bu1, kLbe.
Liver. Bowels, Bkdl.d Bladw er vousias,
Vicers W ambd WeUeeta posgtivecte. PMrety
e uowl. .1h iY DRU;GIs,, .
'DR. p RADWAY'.
Ypor orttionlwrmtIsY s withd see .
o