g ALt p t's lflrator. rie eroprt's 'indica.tor.
Sof o110 1iie or riln. 10,'r :i gl , '1ol,
.. . .r. ,n d thl e frie n ,t ol 11w i l'A . . l.:. l
oI a re... 4 $ 5ln1 no 1 2Editor & P'ropritor.
quar - ..:Published Every .\TI: aIL;Y ,rni . 1
esquareJN . 17:1 D o II n l'7 I0 r. 11 .t T E ...-
SllTIIF WELFIARE OF1 TI, PEOPLE IS TILE SUPREME LAW. ubscriltion leh.
1 suars. lull :15 fi ll 5i II Il n - -o - - - -- - --- - - -m t.
15Far fi Ill; (;()) ; j Official Organ of the White Citizens of Red River, Sabine, Winn and Natchitoches Parishes.
1 le .. *' ,I_  ioths. A ll S hul.. ne.i.ti.t. I ' ,iM. .. in . I ... ...
qnee i aderti,.n jo:, c I t . p' ii,, MD DI OL' ar, •N TCFIITr f) ES, LA., JUŽVL 1, 188 - A rtiu |, l. tO. i t folre. r
Professional Cards.
AITTR' EI'.E1 JT L.I I'.
St. Denis Street, NatchitocheMs, La.
III LL practice in the ('ourtn ot Notchitch,l s.
aV tbine. , Do anld Hctl River tl;,and to t
Supreme Court of thi, Slatr.
WU1s. I.. Jacli,
(SIucessor to .JAi' & I'II:soN)
Attorney anid ('oituselor (tt Law
NATCrHITIOCIIES, LA.
ILLprcetice tu the CIolrtst ol Natch itoehes.
S abine, DeSoto. Rett River, Win, Paspide ,
nd Grant, and in thil Supreme (o.rt of the
itate. Claims promptly attended to.
April ls Jlr.
Wm IV. LOevy,
ATTO.VLEY AI' L. 1'.
(gisa Relauled the Practice of his Prof.ession.)
IiILL practice it the Parish and Dist rict
IV Courts of Natchitichlt and 1eI1 River
Supreme Court of Louisiana. United States Dis
trict al Circutit Court ot Louisiana anl I. S.
)ourt of Claims at Washington.
r Oftice in the Lac ste liuihlilig (l'p
Stairs.) Al
NATC' I'I'OCElFS, LA.
May 2t2, lb""
J H. CUNNINGHIAIM.
ttornety & ounltml olr at ~r",
St. Denis Street,
NateCllitooloie, : : : : Al.
a W ILL give pIrollmpt and persoinal at
tentioll to all IISIltlessen ltrustcd tol
his care
Practices in the Ilistrict alnl Parish
Courts in'tlh Parishes of Natchitoches,
Red River, DeiSoto and Stabitne, alltl before
the Supreme Court at Monlroie andl New
Orleans. .lan i- 7"-ly.
JOBR. B. ItOlERTS O.F,
(Late of New Orleans,)
ITTORNEY & COUNSELOR AT LAW
(T'O1rSIAT''A,
RED RIgl'El '.IR!SII, LOf/SI.JIN .I.
Will practice in Coushatta, Natchito
ches, Manatiehl, Many, and in every part
ofNorth.west Lnisiana. Special atten
tion given to Land cases and Successions.
June 9th, 1577-tf.
C.Cauitj. C. F. DIIANCTr. T. P. CtuPLN
RLII,  IRANGUET & CHAPLIN,
AttorneyJ at Laic,
NATCHITOCIIES, LA.
DPRACFICE in the District Conrts of
. Natchitoches, Sabine, DeSoto and
Red River and in the Suprenme Court of
the State. March 2-ly.
D./rL ' . C SCIRIIOROUGII,
ATTORNEY IN FACT.
W ILL practice in the District and
Parish Courts of Natchitoches,
Winn, Sabine and Grant.
All business intrusted to his care will
receive prompt attention.
Office with W. H. Jack Esq., Second
Street, Corner Trndeaux, Natchitoches,
La. Dec. b-.ly.
J M. B. TUCKER,
Attorney and Counsellor (tt Latw,
OVFI('E
St. Denie Street, -- N- tchiloch1, La.
WILL practice in the District and Par
ish Courts of Natchitoches, Sabine
Da8oto and Red River, and the Supreme
Court of the State.
All business entrusted to his care will
receive prompt attention. Apr 13-ly
Business Cards.
J. C. Triohel,
-DEALER IN
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, HARD
WARE, BOOTS and SHOES, HATS,
ETC.
Highest cash price paid for Cotton and
Country Prodnuce.
WASHINGTON, ST.,
NATCHITOCHES, LA
C. A. BULLARD. N. H. CAMPBELL
Bullard & Campholl,
-DgALRRS IN
DRY GOODS,
GROCERIES,
HARDWARE,
And General Merchandise.
Corner FaoxT & LAPATY'rr Street,
l.Natckitoches, La.
ai; UII>eT eash prioe paid for cotton and
SF ut produce in ecah or merchandise.
t is - ly.
c. tL.wAI . R. I, WIALMtLgT
C. L. WALMSLEY & CO,
CI" ToI PACTORS
Inalltl COaNllgslOs MERCHANTS.
PeIdtdA St., New Orleaun, La.
Csoar Or1op1;
COTTONl FACTOR
;SOUhII80N MERCHANT,
N o.CARONDELET ST.,
I-tv New Orleans.
,,~ ZL . ,+.,
. : "'--:k , k
.....~r l • 1
Miscellaneous.
sl the most genial balSamn ever uscd by
snflerers from piltl molm;iry idiseases.
It is compose` of h1erbal products. which
have a spceificie e(t'fet oni the throat amiti
lungs; dcltaehes from the, air cells all ir
rltating mneatter; tacisues it to be expecto
rated, and at once cheleks the intlamnmation
which produces the cueiigl. A single doso
relieves the most disi rssling paroxysnm,
soothes nervouaness, and enables the suf
ferer to enjoy quiet, rest r t t night. Being a
pleasant cordial, it tones the weik *itomi
aich, and is specially recommendod for
children.
What others say about
Tutt's Expectorant.
Had Asthma Thirty Years.
B Lra~oRtou, Februarv 3, iy.
" Thave had Asthma taeii y years,nla rneverlound
a mlxedicine that had such a haq,;.v ( hect."
W. F. HOGAN, Charles St.
A Child's Idea of Merit.
wNEW OCHL1A.\Ns. x :uovmirI 11, 176.
"Tutt's Expectorant is :tl taiia r nall in my house.
My wile thinks it the best medicine in the w,,r;d,
and the chillren sv it is 'river than tln:il ml s
candy.'" NOAH WOODWARD, 101 N. Poydraa .,t.
"Six, and all CroupVy."
"I am the mnother of six childr," ; all ofthem have
been croupy. \Vithout Tutt's F'ipectorant, I don't
think they could have survived snme of the attack;.
It is a molther's t'l e-int ."
MARY STrVEN33, r,.ankfort, Ky.
A Doctor's Advice.
" In my practice, I .Ii ice all fan; ii is to kccpi, T t t'
Expectorant, in sudden emergerrecs, for coughs,
croup, diphtheria, etc."
T. P. ELLIS, M.D., Newark, N. J.
Bold ty all dlrtlgislt. Prier $1.00. OlJica
35 Miurray Street, New Y'orlk.
"THE TREE IS KO BY ITS FRUIT."
"Tutt'sPil" rc ve,,r ththeir w ih lit iri i lt."
REV. I. R. SIMPSON, Louisville, Ky.
"Tutt's Pi;; ei a ~ ..i~ ble«,irt of the nin.
tccnth century."-REV.F. H. OSGOOD, New York.
"I have used Tutt' itor torpor of the liver.
They are suipr:nr to any mediicine for b:liary dis
orders ever Im Id..
I. P. CARR, Attorne at Law, Augusta, Ga.
" I have used Tutt's 'iTs five years in my family.
They are uncnmaled t, r costivene's anid hihiiusness:'
F. R. WILSON Georgetown, Texas.
"I have uscd Tutt's lc cinewith great bencft."
W. W. MANN, Editor Mobile Register.
"We sell fifty hnos iutts Pills to five of all
others."-SAYRE & CO., Cartersvillo, Ga.
"Tutt's Pills have only to be tried to establish
their merits. The v work like maic."
W. H. BARRON. 96 Summer St., Boston.
"' There is no medicinesocell ad pted to the cure
of bilious diordcerm is 'i'tt's Pill-."
JOS. BRUMMEL, Richmond, Virginia.
AND A TIt .t 1D MORE.
Bold byl dreqglstis. 5 cents a boxa. Ofife
85 l.rraU Sir'eet, New oI.rl,.
TUTT'S HAIR DYE
ZNDORSED.
HIGH TESTIMONY.
FRo,I THIE P.. l'l'("' JO(R.IdL.
'A CREAT INVENTION
haq )been ilade ,y )iI R. I''T lew York,
which retorra vo:?thful he.uity to the hair.
That eminent Chnmii t has cueceeded in
prodeinug a IHair i)re which Imitates
nature to per',-c: a. Atit Iacli(lors may
now rjoicr.'
.'t e I$ ..:. r,I ? 8',. MutrraM y St.S
\ r,: u' ' ,'"'. *,,:di by, tlld lruggistu.
A Mystery Solved.
The CGreatest Medical Triumph of
Mlodern Times ! The MIsterions
Channel of Disease Discovered,
antd (' ertain C(re Proli
died. The Stomach,
Ltrer, andt Bowels
the Centre of
Disease.
Pi lSOf'S PI'RGATIVIE PILLS,
Tihe Great Anti-Billions Remedy and
Miasmatic Dissolver.
PARSON'S
PURG(ATIVE PILLS
Are the result of long-continted Scien
tific investigation, and aro Warranted to
cure all diseases origiinating in the
Stonmach, Liver, and Bowels. No grip
ing ipains follow the use of these Pills,
unless the Bolwels are inflamed; but Re
lief, Immediate Relief, may be relied
upon. As a Common Family Physic
PARSON'S
PURGATIVE PILLS
Stand unequaled before the world to-day.
By varying the dose according to direc
tions, Parsons' Purgative Pills effectually
Purify the Blood and greatly alleviate,
if not entirely cure Dyspepsia, Scrofula
or King's Evil, Rose. Erysipelase or St.
Authony's Fire, Ernptions, and Eraptive
Diseases of the Skin, Salt Rheum. Tet
ter, Ringworm, Sores, Boils, Tumors,
Morbid Swellings, Ulcerations, Pimples
and Blotches.
EVERY BOX WARRANTED.
Most Complete Satisfaction Guaranteed
or No Pay.
Full directions around each box.
Physicians supplied by mail, post-paid,
for $2 50 per thousand, in bulk, cash in
advance. We will send these Pills to
any reliable druggist or merchaut'to sell
on commission. Agents wanted every
where.
I. S. JOHNSON & CO.,
S BAiNGOR, lAIN, lroprirl , o
4Janm 23-y .. ..
A Question of Veracity.
(Mindlcn Dem)ocrat)
A State Senator has accused tlie editor
of the liichland lieaeon of being the oily
nau in his parish who favors a C'omstitu
tional ('Convention, andil the lBeacon man
takes it as a q estion of veracity, in his
owi: language, "givinig us tha: lie direct,"
and ca;ilidly informed Mr. Senator that
if he hadl "mnixed more with his constitul
ients he would have learned that the press
retlectted tlthe sel nt l ents of the people' on
t his, as well as on mnost subjects of public
int rests."
'Thie Beacon man is pcrfi'ctly correct
The press of this State in its advocacy
of the call for a Convention represented
theli great nmass of )enmocratic votes who
are, in our opinion, the people in the
se, nce used b1y every Denmocratic .Journal.
It has leer well uiilt'erstoolld by tihe peo.
pl that the I)Denmocratic party would call
a convention iiand give theom a new organ
ic lavw, immiiediiately on its necession to
power. Thtle leaders promised rieformu
tfcoln tlhe stiimp and rostinms ihtlroughont
thi entire length and breadth of the
St ate, and every intelligeiit n11il knew
thenl, aiid iis httcl.rsatintiedt now that there
Ctlll hie no truei refloit' without a new or
gii, c Ilaw. It is useles for Senators and
lhl resentativ\i es to deny these faclts. We
hlve heard themil acknowlcdge that we
ought to hliave a Constitutionial Conii ei
tion and were satisfied I he people want
ed nie; but the cry was ithat they feared
to distulrb the present State governiiient,
the ltIlds might do this, that and the
otlher. We don't care who says no, the
people of this parish want a coivention,
and Ihe DoI)EMtCIuAr is a correct exponenit
of their views anid sentimenUts.
The JIeaeon and Democrat assume
proper and unanswerable grounds.
To argue that the intelligent people
of Louisiana are not as a mass in
favor of a Constitutional Convention,
and have not been from the begin
ning, is to condemn them as idiots
who know inot that which will benefit
their. And to say that the press
(does not represent public sentiment,
is as bald an untruth as could be ilm
agined. Why is it, if the Press has
not spoken the public pulse, that the
recalcitrant legislators are so anxious,
on their return to their constituents,
to "explain" iwhy they opposed the
calling of a Convention ? And why is
it that they, even now, admit that a
Constitutional Convention is necessa
ry Tilhe causes which demanded a
new Constitution existed, with as
ninch force and with as baleful effect,
last winter as they do now. This ad
mission springs only from the fact
that tlheso unfaithful men now see
that the Press, which they vainly at
tempted to throttle, did represent
popular sentiment, and a sentiment
of such strength and power that they
dare not longer combat it.
A Senator, whose purity of purpose
and ability we have never impugned
or questioned, after lie had made his
public "explanation," stated to a
friend of this journal, that it "would
be a crime to deny the demand of
the people for a Constitution," "for,"
said lie, "I had no idea that there ex
isted such an overwhelming senti
ment in its favor."
Thie criiie colnmmitted against thle
Democratic masses caninot be atoned
by criolination or recrimination, its
apology lies in not defending or re
peating it.
EASTERN AFFAIRS.
Position of Powers.
The lierald prints a set of inter
views from St. Petersburg bearing on
the great question of ipeace or war.
It appears that Germany and Italy
are neutral and Austria is silent as a
Sphinx.
Leflo, Nigra, Sanguan and Jomini
believe in the congress.
Baron Hamburger says that if war
is necessary Russia will tight.
Lord Loftus says that England will
remain what she is-the prepondera
ting nation. Rounianta is bellicose.
The leraht says the persons inter
viewed are the most eminent nllemlbers
of the diplomatic corps at St. Petere
burg, with the addition of two cones
picuous Russian statesmen, Jomini
and Hamburger, connected with tlhe
Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
It stands out very clear in tlhe in
terview that, so far as the treaty of
San Stefanois an European question, I
and not mearly an English question,
there is substantial unanimity among
the representatives of the continental
powers. They have all the same in
terest in the Europian balance of pow
er that England has, except that two
of them, Germany and Austria, being
close neighbors of Russia, and having
co*terminous borders, have strong
motives for jealousy than the more
distant stations of Western Europe.
But Austria is perfectly willing to go
into the conferance, which England
rejects.
It is not as an European power,
but as an Indian power that England
is so jealous and recalcitrant. The
recent order summoning native troops
from India to Malta, for the pusposes
of the expected war, is a notification
to Europe that Great Britain, which
has heretofore ranked as a great naval
rather than a small military power,
intend to assert her military stregth.
She has endless resources in India
for recruiting soldiers and the Suez
Canal has so shortened the distance
that she can make them available.
She has abundar t wealth to pay them
and abundant ships to transport them,
and it is not meant that "Empress of I
India" shall be a vain title. '
It is apparent from the inteviews I
that every nation of Europe, except I
England, desires peace. Even Rassi I
would be glad of a respite before en
gaging in saoter war. Prn.es, r.- I
many and Italy intend to aaslatain all
stenady lcntrality if war conies, and
Austria has the same in;ention, atl
though lllher ower to execute it is
r moriiie than doubtfull.
leacontiel maiiy, therefre 4iatter
himself that Ialtlhough he may find ino
European allies Russia will have none.
and that with onley one enemy to
t contenid anginst the naval supiemacy
-and Ilndian troops of Great Britaiin
s will give her a preponderance of
I chances. The financial prostration
a of Russia and inexhaustible money
reserves of the hlatter in a war of any
t duration.
England, fighting alone, will owe
, nothing to Turkey, and will be per
,fectly free to acquire Egypt if events
shall open the way. She needs Egypt
to give her absolute control of the
of the Suez Canal, which is i'f the
Smost vital importance to her, if it is
' to be her future policy to draw troops
from India as a means of mnilitary in
t fluence in Europe.
Sharp Words.
Conger, a blatant Radical of Mich.
igan, charged Mr. Goode of Virginia
with want of honor in breaking his
Ipair, whereupon Goode retorted on
Conger "that lie was the custodian of
his own honor, and if he (Conger)
dlared impugn it, lie (Goode) would
hold him (Conger) personally respon
sible-" The following is the result of
those sharp words:
Mr. Halt demanded that Mr. Goode's
remarks be taken down, and ruled on
by the Chair, remarking that it was
high time that a precedent should be
established as to what was proper to
be said in the debate.
Mr. Harris, of Virginia, said the
t first offense had come from the gen
tlemlan from Michigan.
Mr. Tucker demanded that Mr.
Conger's remarks be also taken down,
and ruled on by the Chair.
Mr. McCook. Would it be in order
to have a Select Committee of eleven
to investigate matter ?
The Speaker. The Chair thinks that
such a committee could do it as well
tas the Chair. The colloquy between
Messrs. Conger and Goode having
been written out by the official re
porter, and read by the clerk, the
Speaker said : The Chair decides
that the offense and provocation came
first fronm the gentleman from Mich
igan, (triumphant applause on the
Democratic side and corresponding
demonstrations of dissent from the
Republican side) and that you might
as well expect a child not to hollow
when it is struck as to expect a gen
tleman not to resent an otffensive ex
t pression. [Renewed expressions from
the Republican side, met by hisses
on the Democratic side.]
Mr. Hale. Does the Chair hold
that the worlds used by the gentle
man from Virginia are parliamentary t
I do think that the Chair should rule
what might be expected, but whether
the words are parliamentary. [Shouts
of "Order" on the Democratic side.]
The Speaker the Chair thinks that
the words of the gentleman from
Michigan (Conger) were not parlia
mentary if they were used in an of
fensive sense. A man's honor can
not be called in question without al
lowing him to defend his honor. Mr,
Hale presisted amidst constant shouts
for order on the Democratic side, to
press the Speaker for a decision as to
whether Mr. Goode's remarks were
parliamentary, but the most direct
response he got was intended to be
offensive, then it was not parliamen
tary.
[The Democrats greeted this ruling
with cbunter demonstration of disap
proval. Finally, as Mr. Hale struck
to.theI point, the Speaker said if lihe
was dissatisfied hie might appeal.]
Mr. Hale asserted that he had not
heard any ruling, and the Speaker
intimated that the gentleman's com
prehension was at fault.
Mr. Conger wanted to know whetlh
er the Speaker intended to be under
stoood as saying that his (Conger's)
wolrds were used in an offensive sense.
Thie Speaker replied that if the
gentleman intended his language to
be offensive it was unparliamentary.
Mr. Conger. Did the Chair intend
to decide that I did use them intend
ing to be offensive ?
The Speaker. The Chair is not to
decide what he thinks. [Langhter on
both sides']
Mr. Conger (sarcastically.) Per.
haps that ought not to be expected.
This whole colloquy proceeded
amid scenes of great uproar and con
fusion, but without any exhlibition of
undue anger or ill-temper on either
side of the House.
Rather Severe.
(Minden Democrat.)
Morgan, o4, Carroll Conservative
Uncle Da vie, we are pleased to call
him, is inclined to go for the simon
pure Democrats. He hlves in a part
of the state where the negroes are
largely in thre majority, and he has up
as a blind printed at the head of his pa.
per 'Conservative.' His conservatism
consists in arming around a trio of dir
ty black radical politicians and puff
ing andlauding them and their acts.
it makes us sick to hear him say
that hre has been in the Democratic
ranks for twenty five years. We once
had great respect for his opinions,
but now more a broken shattered idol.
The Minden Democrat thus puts a
head on those Conservative' newspa
pers that defend the Legislature on
every point except their own intrests:
Yes it was as "Mean as Gar Broth,"
but it is as nothing compared with
their acts towards the people to whom
they had promised so much and done
so little. You are an apologists for
them so far, but when they touch
your individualpocket, yon give 'em
h-ll. That's right! That's your
kind of Demoray. ,
1 Items.
Cirpt Joe Aiken has contracted for a
tri-weekly Rlie liver mail during the
Winter and a semi-weekly mail for
r the balance of the year.
Capt Jos Aiken reports prospects for
Red river approlpriation as being very
good.
John -hermann proclaims his hones
ty and defies the investigating Com
r umittee to connect him with Hayes
f fraud.
The Emperor William of Germany
was shot at by an assassin. lie es
caped unhurt; assassin arrested.
S 'The Strike riots in England have
t an alarming character and intlamma
e tory document have been wideley cir
e colated among the operative classes
s throughout the whole Kingdom. Se
s rious consequences are apprehended.
The Supreme Court of this State
will be brought to book during the
proposed "Hayes investigation." The
testimony at hand relates to the ef
forts of Hayes and John Sherman to
rescue Anderson. It shows that when
a the indictment was first found, Slier
$ man communicated with so-called
Democrats in New Orleans, and at
tempted to bulldoze Nicholls. He re
f fused to interfere, but promised, un
-) der certain circumstances. to pardon
d the criminals after one days service
in the penitentiary. This did not
suit Hayes or Sherman and their ef
forts on the Supreme Court resulted
in the late decision.
ý The outstanding legal tender
n circulation is $363,419,087,58, or
t about seven dollars per capita. Less
e than any civilized nation in the
° World.
e We have spent $305,000,000 to keep
up a navy since the war, and we have
no navy to show for it.
r. Genl. Queralta and Mr Heater both
, produce evidance to prove that South
ern negroes have been kidnapped and
r sold to Cbuan sugar planters since
n the war, and Mr. Hayes refuses to
investigate.
t American exports to Germany have
II just been enlarged by the addition of
n beer, which seems like sending coals
e to New Castle.
As to the scope of the Hayes
e investigation, it may properly
Sbe stated, that it will begin with an
e inquiry into the action of Noyes in
Florida, and John Sherman, Garfield
e and Stoughton in Louisiana; proceed.
g ing upon the theory that they were
e guilty of transactions which would dis'
qualify them for the office they hold.
From this point the investigation will
proceed to ascertain what were the
connecting links between Hayes and
a these men, with the view to establish
ing that they were simply authorized
agents of HIayes, in the procuration
of the fraud by which the result of
the election was set aside.
From this the committe will pro
s ceed to investigate the ipterfer
r ence of Hayes and John Sherman
with the processes of justica in the
trial of Anderosn, and the negotia
t tions that led to the rescue of Ander
son by the Supreme Court of Louisi
ana will be laid bare. If Hayes ap
pears guilty on these counts, or im
plicated in these conspiracies,
lIE WILL BE IMPEACHED.
This is a general outline of the pro
Sgrammne. Of course subsequent de.
Stails may modify it in minor particu- 1
Slars, but it will in the main be follow
t ed out as above indicated.
ThIe Hayes investigating Commitee
is composed of 8 Democrats, as fol
lowse; Porter, of New Yoak; Morrison,
of Illinoise; Hunton,' of Virginia;
Sturger, of Indiania; Mac Mahon, of
Ohio; Blackburn, of Kentucky; Cox,
of New York; and three Republicans; I
viz: Butler of Massacbusets; Reed,
of Maine and Hiscock of New York.
An Understanding Arrived At.
[Virginia (Nev.) Chronicle.]
About ten o'clock this morning a
tramp went into a C-street saloon and
devoted ten minutes in a very zeal
ous manner to the lunch-table. By
the time hie had masticated about a
pound of corned beef to bar-keeper
stepped up and remarked :
"This table is for drinkers ?"
"Then, why don't you bring on
your drinks? I've been here ten
minutes, and haven't seen a drop of
any thing. If it's a drinking table,
where's the fluid t
"I mean It's for the patrons of the
bar," said the bar-keeper.
'"Then, why ain't they here? I
F'spose you mean that a man must
spend money at the bar before he
eats.
"Exactly."
"That takes me in. I took a drink
here last summer and didn't eat a
mouthful, and if I ain't entitled to a
lunch on that drink then this system
must be a failure all round."
"But the place has changed hands
since then," said the bar-keeper,
picking up a bung starter.
"Ah, indeed !" replied the urbsane
Sbummer: "that fact, as your gesture
would imply, raises a new and em
barrassing complication in our diplo
matic relations. I will therefore re
cede, as it were, from my original
position, and await the assembling of
the Peace Congress."
He had been gradually backing to
the door as he spoke, and he dodged
out just in time to evade the projec
tile hurled at him by the indignant
saloonatic.
Thie Turks have at last consented
to give up to Russia the fortresses of
Shumia. Varna, and Batonm, con
cerning which there has been so much
dispute. This step is said to have
I been taken on the representation of
Osmau Pasha that. the army around
I.Constantiuople was not suficient for
its defence. If Osman is really in re
ceipt of a pension of 50,000 roubles a
year from Russuia, his advice cannot
be worth much, exoept to his newly
found friends.
A FEW POLITICS.
SN. O. Times.
r It appears to be conceded that our
summer politics, in the city at least, will
be like the handle of a jug, all on one side,
r the Democratic side. The war of the
S roses, it is thought will be inside of that
organization. Whoever can get control
of the machinery of the party will be
master of the situation.
a Whether the governor will use his imn
mense patronage actively for this purpose
and whether if he does so use it, he can
as easily control his party with it as the
Radical governors used to control that
party through the same agency, are
e questions about which there is a very
decided difference of opinion.
IT IS CONSIDERED
certain that more Democratic aspirants
for office will come to the front on this
home stretch than at any election for
e eighteen years. All the old war horses
are stretching their stiff legs and snuffing
the air of the coming fray. This is the
first time a Democrat has had a fair
chance, and a notmination will be regar- R
n ded as an election. There will be no re- (
turning board business for once, and if
there is any hocus pocus it will be all in
the family.
There is any amount of discontent in
the Democratic camp, numeous threats of
n olts and splits and plenty independence
e so far as talk goes. But there is a deep
seated conviction among the young and
d active politicians that from necessity the
Democratic organization must remain in
power in this State so long as there is
r any dread of a return of negro rule,
r which dread may last for a generation.
a Looking at the future in this frame of
e mind, it is most natural for them to reach
the conclusion that the only hope they
have for a political career is through the
e instrumentality of the Democratic party.
Consequently they will struggle fiercely
for the control of the machine, and if de
h feated, will return again and again to the
charge.
BUT THEY WILL HESITATE
o long before bolting, for to bolt once will
be to burn their bridges behind them and
e become permanent enemies of the par;y,
and their only hope for preferment will
be on its permanent overthrow. But
whoever proposes to overthrow the Dem
ocratic party in this state will have to
offer something better in its stead and
s here is the. difficulty. The Republican
u party of the north is not likely to abdi
n cate, and any party here in opposition to
u the Democracy must inevitably ally itself
with Republicanism in 1880. How this
e can be done without using the material
' and incurring the odium of defunct Lou
isiana Radicalism is not plain.
l There are rumors that an earnest
attempt with northern money and speak
ers will be made, not to carry the State
for the Republicans, but to carry the fifth
and third Congressional districts, which
contain large negro majorities, with a
view to eking out a republican majority
in the next Congress. The idea is said
to be this: The Republican orators will
come down here with brass bands, whis
key and flags, and enthuse the colored
Seoops in these districts as they never
were aroused before.
THEY WILL SAY THAT
they have come to put the Democratic
claim that there was no intimidation of (
negroes to a genuine test. They will (
make violent Radical speeches and whoop
around in an offensive way on the as-.
sumption that they are "in a free coun
try." If this is tolerated they calculate to
Sbring out the colored vote and carry two
districts in this State and several other
districts in other States and thus the I
Shouse will be secured.
If it is not tolerated, they will wave the
bloody shirt all over the north in frantic
Sstyle, and gain more there than they will
f lose here by the operation. Thus, they I
say, they will win in either eveut, and
Sthe Democrats can take which ever horn
of the dilemma they choose. In connec- I
tion with this idea there is some talk of
the revival of the New Orleans Repub
lican on a cheap scale.
Quite Lively.
The following quite lively discussion
took place before a meeting of BAptist
ministers in New York :
SDr. Tenbroeck drew out a lively dis
cussion in a meeting of the Baptist min
isters, by reading an essay on the Roman
Catholic Church. He held that the
Church of Rome would be influenced not
through any principles of the Church it
Sself but through the light dawning upon
the hearts of the people and the Roman
Catholic idea of imperialism, not repub
licanism in religious affairs.
Brother Hiedden astonished the assem
blage by saying: "I don't believe true
I reform begins with Baptists and ends
Swith them." He found much good in
e the Roman Catholic Church.
Brother Holmes vehemently exclaimed:
"I long ago stopped talking against Ro
man Catholics. I don't condemn them.
They have a great deal of God's truths
in them and with them."
SBrother Taylor thought the true Chris
tian Church had stood out against Rome
ever since the days of the apostles, and
the Roman Catholic, instead of being the
mother church, was an offshoot from the
true Christians.
Brother Sampson said the Pope wa
losing control of the Church, and is bee
ing regarded as merely the moral head of
the institution.
A voice- "Pope Pius was a grand old
- hero; I admire him."
I Brother Rhodes said there must be a
f reformed Catholic Church, like the re
formed Episcopal
SBrother Fox made an earnest appeal
I in behalf of what he termed the good
people who embraced the Roman Catho
lic faith. He had known prieste and
members of the Roman Catholic Charch
who werejustas good and did just as
much for the cause of Christianity as
i any Protestant clergyman had ever done
f Catholics were noted for going about do
Sing good. Their charitable works were
1 proverbial.
Brother Reed read a quotation from
the seventeenth chapter of Revelations,
which he thought plainly foretold the
I downfall of the Roman Catholic Church.
rA voice: "A Catholic said in a Sun
- day school the other daT that all Protes
aI tants would go to bell.'
t Another voice: "Some of us Baptists
y all Catholica will be damned."
S--Brotheranabor thought it not ma
prising that the Irish I'atlh,li ' h1:1tvI
Protestants, as English l'rut.t.ul:v t jhadl
terribly oppressed Romlana (';atatlic, in
Ireland.
THE STATE AP1'ORTION I iN'i'.
ROOMS STATE CI:NTRIAL '''( ',t iiI '-i:,
Demnocratic-Conscr ;al i\,' ',rtV.
New (,rh'a n las 41 I `. I
At a meeting of the. State 'entral
Committee of the l1meocratl'-'-on
servative party, held in New i lIt'h:lu.,
on the first May, 1575, the fhllo\\ing
reso utions were adopted:
Resolv'ed, That tile ctrlivention of
tihe DemocratiC-Conservatlve 1a, ItY
of Louisiana be held on the irst M1\,n
day of August, 1875.
R:esolhed, Tlhat a con ventioll of thi
Democratic- Conservatlive partyv ofI
Louisiana be held at Baton Itong, for
tihe purpose of niontini i ig a cand i
date for State Treasurer ainl n',inll,'rs
of Congress for the v;ai iols colghis
sion. I districts of this State.
RIesolred, That the appolintment of
representation in said conVi\'cati
shall be one delagate fo e .ch two,
hundred votes cast for the I)c, ',rn'et
fic Conservative candidatle 'for ;ov
lernor in 1876, anld (' clh I'ract c l4;n
number less than 200 ar'd exce'eding
1 100 shall be entitled to one delega:te.
f Resolved, That inasmluch as tin ,.,
Staim parishes dissensions existedl dta
ring the last campaignI , whe're'by, ou
posing factions nominated double
sets of officers which resuilled in tihu
t loss of several members otf the Leg
islature ; and inasmuch as these (is
dsensiona if coutinued will ser;ously
jeopord the Demoaratic prosln'cts ill
f certain localities, that thle piesilcnt
I of tihe State Central C,,nnmittee hbe
and he is hereby attthorized to call a
convention and nmake all neccessary
arrangement to tihe holding of theI
I prmaries in any parish, (I ward of
the city of New Orleans in which tin,
e antagonistic factions refuse to unite
in a convention, within forty days of
the holding of the State conventioin.
SResolved, That the State (eitr'al
SCommittee recommends the adoption
of a rule by the convention that the
number of delegates on the llooir, re
t presenting each parishi and ward of
the city, shall not exceed the number
of votes to which such parishes or
wards are entitled.
In accordance with the first and
Ssecond resolutions, a State convent.ion
of the Democratic-Conservative par
) ty is hereby called to meet at Batonll
Rouge on the FIRST MONDAY (flth)
I OF AUGUST.
In accordance with the third reso
lotion the several parishes and walrds
of the eity of New Orleans shall be
entitled to the following representa
tion, to wit:
PARIBHES.
Ascention 6 Madisin
IAssumption 8 Morehouseo
Avoyelles 7 Natchitehes 'I
Baton Rouge East It Oaehita 9
v "e West 2 Plaquemine 4
Bienville 5 Poiute Conlpe ,
Bossier 4 Rapides S
Caddo 9Red River 2
Calcasieu 7 Richland 7
Caldwell 3 Sabine
Cameron 1 St. Bernard 2
Carroll East } St. Charles
Carroll West 3 St. Helena :
Catahonla 5 St John Baptist 4
Claiborne 8 St. James 5
Concordia 2 St. Landlry 1t
DeSoto 7 St. Martin
Felicina, East 9St. Mary :t
Feliciana, West St. Tanuttanny '3
Franklin 4 Tensas 2
Grant 3 Terrebonne 7
Iberia 6 Tangipahioa .5
Iberville 5 Union
.Jackson 3 Vermillion 5
Jefferson Vernon
Lafourche 10 Washington 3
Lafayette Webster, .I
Lincoln 5 Wina 3
Livingston 4
ORLEANS.
First Ward 10I Tenthi Ward 12
Second Ward 12 Eleventh Ward it
Third Ward 14 Twelfth Ward .,
Fourth Ward 7 Thirteenth Ward 3
Fifth Ward 10 Fourteenth Ward 'I
Sixth Ward 7 Fifteenth. Wardl
Seventh Ward 9 Sirtenth War'd 1
Eight Ward 7 ISeventeenth Wardl '2
Ninth Ward It)
All Democratic Conservative Ia
pers throughout the State are reIlqCest
ed to publish the above.
I W. PATTON,
Chairman Democratie-Conservative State
Central Committee.
Pithey Points.
(Riohland Beacon)
Those wLo have placed themselves
in antagonism with the press of this
State, and then attempt to extricate
themselves from the d;fliculty by ridi
cule and assumed indifferenc, are
only acting the part of the timid boy,
who whistles while passing a grave
· yard to keep his courage up.
The politicians of Louisiana are
terrably chagrined at the unanimity ofl
e the press in mantaining its degnmity
I and independence in advocating the
B cause of the people, and are atteump
l ng to raise the false alarm that the
press is dividing the party. The press
is not dividing the party, but it is as
f sisting the people to find new leaders.
Perfectly True.
(Shreveport Times.)
Senators Lamar and Hill aret no doubt
.1great men-very great ien ; but they
d have an unfortunate habit of regarding
unfavorably almost every measure that
d other senators and people regard as pe
' culiarly of interest to the South. A fresh
evidence of this is furnished ii their v'ote
on the appropriation bill in regard to thii
c mail line between New Orleains atn
e South America. No doubt but the ge,,
tlemen are conscientious-very conscitu
iitious; but it occurs to us that this c)ln
' scientiousness is much better adapted to
a more Northern latitude. Each might
leave his state for his state's good, seek at
more congenial location in New Euglaud,
and permit Mississippi and Georgia to,
s select senators with consciences mnore
warmed by a southern sun than their's
smem to have been.