JAI. II. CO'(NROVE,-. * * Editor.
NATCHITOCHES
SATIRDAY - -- - Nov. 21, 1874.
Advertlsig IRates.
" I a at -I
I equare.... 1410s) 66 50,110 0) 615 10 $20 00
2 quloar... 7 03 I0 15 00 t 00 25 00
3 squareo... 1000 13 0f 18 00 25 00 3 00
4 yuar.en... 1400 o 1001 S 00 10 00 35 00
5 synaq re... 1700 1 0 01 00 3500 4000
0 usqaroe... 2100 24 00 32 00 40 00 45 00)
7 sqLuares... 2100 17 001 0 5o 00 70 00
A squares... 4100 30 00 40 01) 65 011 80 00
1) squaren... 39000 3500 50 00 57 I0 1'5 0n
15 squares... 4500 o0 00 70 00 10010 125 00
20 squares... 6 00 001 0 0 90012. 60 150 00
Transint advertisements $1.1i per sqluare of
10 line Rriavlr. first insertion. Eaeb subse.
quent insertfin 75 cents per square.
Q OI[R'T OVFFI is sapplied with a
PaPt 4ter+ Ftyp.e, and work in this depart.
natst Performed with neatness and at moder.
A'th prices.
Terms, CASl on delivery of work.
Rates of Subserlptlen.
Ono Copy one year......................)00
One Copy six inonths....................1.. 50
(Payable in advlaes.)
Notice to Contributors.
No eommunuictiont will be pnuhlihed
.nless accompanied by the author's real
nfam. But one uide of the sheet to he
written upon when sent to uas for inser
tion.
Artiles to be short and to the point,
to bnve attention.
These are our rules and they must be
stritly adhered to.
Notice.
Sunday, Nov. 22d, 1874, being the
anniversary of the organization of
the United Friends of Temperance in
this city, the members of Natchito
ches Council, No. 13. are requested
to meet at their Hall on St. Denis
street, at 3 P. x., on that day. A full
attendance is earnestly urged, as im
portant bnusiness will be presented for
consideration.
D. PIERSON, W. P.
Nov. 21, 1874.
Qmr new Police Jury met on last
Monday. Present: R. E. Hammet,
F. Jenuings, W. C. Ross, H. R. Mc
Lendon. Absent, Wm. Payne.
F. Jennings was elected President
pro tens., and after the transaction of
some unimportant business, they ad.
journed till Tuesday when all the
members were present and then went
into permanent organization.
W. Payne, President, Jos. Johnson,
Clerk, Willis Holmes, Treasurer, R.
A. Simmons, Constable.
A slight diaculty occurred in our
quiet city last Sunday between two
colored men. One get knocked down
and the other got shot through the
arm-cause had whisky. His Honor
the Mayor aned them both ten donsar
and we suppose thlike Ben Butler
did when he was beaten" for Congress,
'Well I can stand this if the men can."
TI WaATRER.--On Monday last
about 8 o'clock in the morning, i) be
gan to rain a slow misty rain at first,
but it soon improved on this and
began to come down in torrents
for nearly' twenty-four hours, ma.
king the rain fall 7.05 inches, the
lasrgest fall since many years in
this country. This puts an end
to dusty streets, empty eliterns,
and dry lakes for ducks for this win.
ter, and we all hope our market will
now be pretty freely supplied with
the latter named commodity.
Ga'l. Longstreet has resigned his
position on. the Returning Board, and
Col. J. M. Sandidge has been ap
poin j . t l lhpi place. Longetreet's
rcase of resignation was ill health.
This will give as a fair count it is to
be hoped. This is what we want
and what we must have--"a fair
count or free figreht."
ilent, Wallace of the 7th U. S.
Cavalry, left our city one day last
week to join his command.. He won
the esteem and good opinion of our
people during his stay, by his mild
and unostentations manners and his
uniform kindnems to our prisoners
whill uider'bis charge.
Cotton is now coming in pretty
freely and our Merchapts seem to be
doing a good retail business.
IRaamnxD.-We met to-day on the
streeta our fellow-townsaau M. Boyce,
Esq., iwho ha sjust returned from his
Seraser sojoarn in the great State of
Ohio.' Mr. B. Is looking as if he has
renbwtd bhis lease of life for many
year to come, sipplied with a suM
cieney of good& health to make -o
bthe contract. Leongmay he e per.
mlttedl to eqnjoy his comfortable days
mungst is.
Great was never known to get elck
dariag the war no matter what re
verses overtook the Union army. No
matter hew many lives were sacri
ieed, no matter hbow deep the deluge
of blood, Grnt was as imperturbable
a a reelk, butt tl late Democratic
r made .him sick, gave himn the
_ mhe, sad oant him to bed. If
the vietoryof 74 affeots him sose
riodly, he bad better make his will
before '76.
Fiat Justitla, lRuat Caelum.
With a manifest view to keeping
Geo. L. Smith to the peat in Congress
the U. 8. troops kept up a persistant
chase after his opponent Mr. Levy,
who also spent a great deal of time in
the woods- [-N. 0. Picayune 7th.
It is useless to go out of the records
of truth to condemn the acts of the
IT. S. forces recently in our midst.
The bare statement of fiacts is nsuff.
cient and is enough to make the
"blood boil" in every American heart
to think of it. No donbt they did de
sire to keep Geo. L. Smith in his seat
in Congress, and were anxious to ac
complish this end, and for that pur
pose many of our citizens were arrest
ed and many more driven from their
homes and made to seek shelter like
the beasts of the fields, in the woods,
and inlder the broad canopy of heav
en. But among these we must and
cannot place Col. Wi. M. Levy ; and
the Picayune should have known bet
, ter than to give publicity to such an
article quoted above. Col. Levy does
not hide from anything or any body
and lie was very far from "taking the
woods" in dread of Deputy Marshals
and United States cavalry. They
might have arrested him, "drawn and
quarted him," and in the face of all
this he would not have "spent a good
deal of his time in the woods" to
avoid them, and such paragraphs as
the above, when it meets his eyes
must be truly mortifying and disgust
ing.
By the programme published in all
the newspapers friendly to our cause
in Northern Louisiana, it can be seen
that Col. Levy was to start on his
campaign tour on the 8th of last Oc
tober where he had an engagement
at Pleasant Hill, which he faithfully
fulfilled leaving his home on the sixth
of the month. From Pleasant Hill he
went to Mansfield from there to^Kea
chi, thence to Shreveport. where the
citizens had made grand preparations
for his reception, and the entire po
pulation turned out en mansse to listen
to his, eloquence, White and black
alike, paid tribute to his fame, and
vied with each other to do him lon
or. Leaving Shreveport, lie next
spoke at Bellevue, Bossier parish, and
then proceeded to Minden, in Webster
parish. Major J. C. Moncure accom.
panyning him from Shreveport. It
was at Minden he first heard of the
arrest of T. W. Abney and others,
at Coushatta, and hastening there, in
hopes of being of service to his friends,
leaving the published route (for his
next place to speak was at Sparta,
Bienville parish) Ii there learned (at
`Coushatta) .that the troolis had left
for Natchitoches to make arreats, and
loosing no time, he and Maj. Moncure
arrived on the heels of the troops
here. Tiis was on 'uesday, Oct. 20,
and immediately on their arrival, it
was announced by public cards, that
they would speak on the 24th, and
speak they did, defying U. 8, Deputy
Marshal Stockton to arrest them.
SSaid Col. Levy in his speech, "I have
Sheard that I was to be,:arrested, and
hearing this I have come home so that
if this indignity is to be placed upon
me, here at my own hearthstone and
among yeou my fellow-citizens and
friends I should be found" ; and then
he proceeded in the very face of the
enemy in his manly style and elo
jquent language to administer a seat
tering rebuke to all who might have
a hand in this unholy rcrusade. This
Iwas at a large public meeting and
perhaps Stockton was in ear-shot of
him while he was speakinog. After
our friends were arrested and con
fined in camp, Col. Levy was one of
the first to visit them. It is strange
that a person cannot, in reporting
anything that may have transpired
in the neighborhood, confine himself
to the truth. If they caernot, they
had better remain st home, or if they
will persis in going abroad, don't in
God's name, seek out sucneh papers as
the New Orleans Piclayue with its
large eirulation, wherein to retanl
their false reports.
Col. Levy could have been found
at any time by Deputy Marshal Stock
ton at his own house, aroaund his own
AIre-side, ifhe had desired to find him;
and we can but regret that such
a report has gain so wide a circula
tion. For what should he have spent
"a good deal of bis time in the wood?"
Conscious that no guilt could attach
to him, and having the fear of no man
in his heart, whiy should he flee f
If all the army and navy of the
United States bad to have come here
and old Packard with every Deputy
Marshial he has at his beck-and call
should have been with thenf, then
Col. Levy would aot have "spent a
good deal of time ip the woods," un
less it had been for his own pleasure.
Brave, innocent men fear no enemies
however well they may be armed and
prepared to persecute them.
Some personisI this world mast
have their names in the papers and
if they cannot get them there one
way they will another, thinking there
by that they attach importance to
themselves, and by association gain
notoriety. If there was any skulking.
done it was by Smith, for certainly
lie did not favor us with the light of
his countenance during the campaign;
and so far as actual knowledge went,
Smith might have been a myth or
ideal man for th'e voters of the 4th
Congressional district saw him not,
neither did they hear him. He was
the man who must have "spent a
good deal of his time in the woods,"
not pursued hy U. S. Deputy Mar
shals, however, but the remorse of
-conscious unworthyness and the mor
tiflcation of having misrepresented a
constituency who wanted him not.
If the Doctor had told this story to
the Picapune, it at least would have
borne the semblance of truth, and
circumstances might have further
clothed it with an appearance of pro
bability; but then the association
perhaps would not have suited him
so well and, therefore, he preferred
to tell the tale he didl. We. suppose
the Doctor can tell how thli met in
their hiding place a.dd "w~ha the
sentinel stars set their watch in the
sky" they produced their haversacks
and "by the wolf scaring faggots"
they divided contents in their lonely
bivouacs away down in the border
Parishes. In quoting from dreams
we are impressed with the idea that
everything the Doctor reported must
have been gathered from such stuff
as dreams are made of, for certainly
there is no foundation in truth for
what he related of Col. Levy.
EMIGRANT'S, (ENPASSANT.)-Day by
day our streets are filled by wagons
belonging to persons going to Texas.
Hale, hearty looking, young men and
women compose this caravan, all look
ing happy and contented as if they
thought they were going to the land
of promise. They generally come
from across the Mississip1i and have
started with the firm resolution of
going to Texas, and no inducements
offered them will change their route.
In vain they may be told of the ad
vantages of this country and climate i;
of the productiveness of our soil, the
yield per acre; how much this man
or that man has made last year of
cotton and corn by his own hands, to
all this they turn a deaf ear, and con.
tinue their route Texasward. They
say they are going to a white man's
country, to live among white men,
and raise their children among white
men, and eaen to die' among white
men. They may be told of the rich
lads bhere lying waste, and begging
the hands of the husbandman to come
and till them; these lands may be oft
fered to them on the most advanta
geous termns and conditions, but still
on they move to Texas I It is one of
the strangest things in nature, that
here in our Parish is to be found open
lands, the most productive, grateful
beyond nature's bountiful hands, re
mrning in rapid succession ten-fold
for'every lick of work, and yet no
oneseeking for them. There musthe
a cause fr this singular phenomena,
and finding the cause there must be.a
remedy.
Ex-Confederate Gen. Gordon, U.
S. Senator of Georgla, in a recent
speech made at the Atlanta grand
ovation over the Conservative victo
lies, said:
One boon I aic in this hour of your
deliverance-I ask yon to icommission
me, in your name, to pledge upon the
flOor of the Senate your fidelity to
the Union under the constitution;
your acquiescence in laws passed in
accordance with the constitution,
good and bad, until lawfully repealed;
your support of all rightful authori
ty; your cordial friendship for every
man and men of all sections who will
aid m restoring peace to the sections,
justice to States, liberty to citirzens,
purity to all departmnents of the Gov
ernment and eonstitutin--to its s
premacy over President, Congrei,
piarties and the people. Loud cheers.]
I thank yon my Countrymen, for that
response. You are. astemperLte in
triumph as you were great in adversi
ty. You cherish malice to none, and
are hostile only to thievese usrpers
and tyrants.
Tna Ho's Wa LIVE I.-In Oth
er words, our bodies-are held on re
pairing leases. We must prop and
sustain them when they exhibit signs
of weakness and decay, or they will
inevitably break down. In Dr. Walk
er's California Vinegar Bitters, a
matchleess compound .of newly dis
eovered inedicinal herbs, peculiar to
the Pacitle region, the debilitated, the
bilious, the rheumatic, the .conump
tire will find the most genial tonic
and restorative ever offered to the
suffering invalid. It eontains no at.
cbhol, and consequently leaves no
sting behind.
There is no human being who is ut
terly worthless. Even the man too
lazy to earn a sixpence by his own in.
dustry will work hard enough when
begets a piece of oysterbiell between
his teeth.
The Physiological Effects of Al1
cohol at last Determined.
Mr. Blank, aged thirty, farmer,
married, of strong vigorous cnstitu
tion, and in his usual health, visited
the Mountain city for the purpose of
laying in a small stock of "groceries.'
Meeting a country official upon the
street he accosted him:
"Adolphus I learn you intend go
ing to Texas ?"
"Yes."
"Well I have got a brother out there
named Ben. If you should chance to
meet him,.say to him that we are get
ting along badly here in Georgia.
Tell him I have got but six acres in
wheat, and it is so badly damaged
that I don't think that it will make
anything. Tell him sister Sallie
married a few weeks ago a trifling
fellow who is no account. Tell him
if he can, to send us a little money to
help us through the year."
Having circulated a little through
the "groceries" and imbibed a few
doses of the spiritus frumenti, he
again encounters the official;
"Say! Dolphus, they tell me you
ate going to Texas "
"Yes."
Well you'll be apt to see brother
Ben ; tell him I have got twelve acres
in wheat, and its very promising.
It'll make twenty-five bushels to the
acre. Tell him sister Sal's married
to a mighty clever fellow. He hasn't
got much, but Ihe's industrious, and
he'll soon get up in the world. Tell
him we are all doing firatrate.
Another round of inspection in the
"groceries" and the parties meet
again :
"Say there Dolph! 'tell me yeu'r
goin to Texas?"
"Yes."
Well, you'll be sure to meet brother
Ben; he lives in Texas. Tell him
for me Dolph, that we are all doin
splendid. Tell him I've got thirty
acres of the finest wheat he ever did
see; it will make fifty bushels to the
acre. Tell him Sal married the clev
erest fellow in Chattanooga County,
anm he's rich, too. Tell him if he
needs any money why just let ns
know and well send him some sure.
Another and more arduous tour of
inspection so far exhumed his physi
cal powers in his mental expansion as
to render his gait reeling and un
steady, when the policeman carried
him off to the lock-up. Moved by
commendable human ;sylapathy, the
kind-hearted official visited himn later
in the day and through the grated
window of his cell recetved his final
message to his distant relative:
"Say! Dolph say S'tell me you're
loin to Texas ?"
"Yes."
Well if you do see brother Ben, tell
him that the river is riz, the eountry
is overflowed and h-- s turned
loose l"-Ex.
An Influx of Country Statesmen.
The chiefs of the Republican party
in the country are becoming uneasy.
Vague rumors of the defeat of their
loved idol, the fallen party, floated to
them in their rustic homes; and as
soon as local affairs permitted they
donned their "other" suite and hied
themselves to the city for more au
thentic information and for the poor
comfort which a sight of other suf
ferers might afford.
They could not realize that they
were defeated; utterly left out in the
cold, and with startled eyes and elon
guted visages, they came to inquihe
of their leaders if such things could
possibly be, only to be sorrowfully
confirmed of the actual truth.
The corridors of the Governor's
oSeec, and the ante-room of Mr. Pack
ard's coosulting chamber, are now
daily crowded as in Legislature times,
with melancholy politicians-a an d
scheming ones, too.-N. O. Pie.
And this motley crowd is to be
swelled by. two representative from
our Parish, "ColeyS Pierson and Er
nest Breda. They slunk away through
the back part of town, slunk through
Bayou Pierre swamp, slunk up to
Coshattars, and slunk aboard the
steam boat Boyal George, to And their
way to New Orleans to swell the in
dflux of country statesmes and there
tell their tale of persecution and out
rage. The,one claiming a seat in the
next Legislature, and the other the
Judgship for this parish.
The first may succeed and assist in
making laws for as for the next two
years, that is a question for the Leg
islature to decide as it is the sole
Judge of the quali(eatlons and elec
tions of its own members, but for the
second being Judge of this parish!
Never! The people do not intend to
soubmit to it for a moment, and all the
force Kellogg & Co., can muster, will
not compel them to acquiesice, and
the sooner he makes up his mind to
this fact the better for all parties.
Thanks to the polite and attentive
clerts of the steamers FLETA and
Ea No. 10, for files of late city and
Northern papers. Do so again, gen
tlemen, tad we will ever remember
you and your lightning stamers;
Comnrnir'atcFl.
ILE BRERVE[.L., Nov. 16(th, 1874.
EDITOR VINDICATo : - Having
heard a good deal of talk concerning
the election as held in Ward eleven,
I thought I would sit down and let
you know some few things that hap
pened there' on the second) of this
month. I am a colored voter and
have always voted with my party,
that is the Republican party, until
this election, when I thought I would
try the other side and see what would
become of it. I also worked among
my colored friends, and tried to get
them to vote as I did, a great many
promised me they would, and I think
they would have voted the Conser
vative ticket if they had been left
alone by the opposite party. No one
can imagine the awful stories that
were told the colored voters by the
Radical leaders in this Ward. Be
fore election day persons came from
Natchitoclies laden with rumors
enough to frighten the stoutest heart.
One man said "that if the colored
men voted with the whites, tlat the
U. S. soldiers would take them priso
ners and carry them off to New Or
leans to work on the Forts in chain
gangs, without pay. If there is any
thing calculated to frighten a colored
man, it is to tell him what the U. S.
soldiers will do with him. This bug
bear was used in its full force and ef
fect on election day, and you may
depend with good results, for among
all those who had promised to vote
with me not one would do it, and to
make the rumor above referred to look
more probable, sure enough there did
come U. S. soldiers down from Natch
itoches, in conmpany with a man who
proclaimed that he was empowered to
do all sorts of things with the colored
men if they dared to vote the white
ticket. This man assumed all the
powers of high constable, and actu
ally took possession of the polls, and
one of the commissioners complained
that he had a sore finger; this would
be dictator of men's ballots and self
styled conductor- of elections, under
took to examine the papers and bal
lots of colored men, which I under
stand is in direct violation of the
law. Of course, colored men would
not dare to vote the white ticket in
the face of such circumstances, and
from positive intimidation and in
fear of what the U. 8. soldiers would
do them, they voted the Radical tick
et after going to the polls determined
to vote the contrary way. From all
I can learn the parish has gone for
the Conservatives, and likewise the
State, all of which pleases me no lit
tie. We colored men are tired and
sick of all this fuss and fury, and
we want to see an end of it, and we
think tihe only way to end it is for
the better portion of our citizens to
have the entire management of affairs
-and for us to give them our perfect
confidence. I, for one, am more than
willing to do this, and hereafter I am
determined to vote with them, for I
am satisfied it is the only way we
can have peace and quiet
Now that carpet-baggers will be
afraid to come among us with their
lying east and false friendship, we
have only to get rid of the scalawags
and then we are safe, and from the
way a few of them have been hus.
tied abset since the election, we don't
think we have much to fear frmn them
in future elections.
Because we have been fools in the
past about elections, is no reason why
we should remain so forever, and this
thing of pntting ns all down as Ruldi
als simply because our skin is black,
s too degrading for sensible men to
put up with any longer, and right
ere to-day, I want to put iton record
hat hereafter I am not to be hoed
winked any more, and intend to
ote for whom I think is the best
an. This cry of "putting us back
into slavery," "seoding us to Liberia,',
"general colonisation" by the Demo.
crate, is now worn thread-bare and
must nogI" lhitened to any longer.
We have our rights under the con.
stitution and laws of the county and
no man desires to take them from us.
We are citizens of this governmer
of the United States, and it only re.
mains for us to learn how to faithf-l
ly discharge the dudties enCumbet on
such citisenship.
Bespectfally,
CULLED VEAUTUR.
There does not seem to be any par
ticular style of arranging the hair
just now. Some wear the gwuee oth
era the French braid, and a few .wear
it high in the neck.
Generally it is dressed high in front
with puffs on top and "Cats-paws" on
either side.
A young lady of New Haven under
the promise of some sort of reward,
has for some months been- making a
couectieon of cancelled U. 8. postage
stamps. She has just completed the
reaqusitesqnata, LO ,000. Let us
NEWV YORK, Nov. 5th, 1874.
MARSUALL II. CARVER, E]Q.
r Natchitoches, Natchitoches Ph., La.
SDan Stt :--I learn with regret and
surprise of the outrage on your town,
t of which my brother Robert is a vic.
tim, I am strongly of the opinion
that, the election being over, the pris.
Ioners have been ere this released.
If not however, pray communicate
I with tne-post me thoronghly with
I regard to the matter, and I shall iam.
1 mediately begin to take steps toward
. securing, if possible, Bob's release,
t The result of the recent elections
throughout the country will go far
C I'm sure, toward convincing your p5.
pie, that we of the North are not ia
t any way unmindful of the yoke which
t has so heavily of late rested upon
t you. The people who have voted sm
" adversely to the administration are
not demcerats--hut of all parties who,
1 disgnRted with the way things have
s of late been conducted, have most
decidedly put their heel upon--thir
I term, Butler, Sanborn, Jayne, Casey,
Shepard. and, the misgovernment of
the South ! I am a Republican, and
speak what I know to be the senti.
Sments of the decent men of our par.
ty here, when I say-that while we
I want the negro protected in his rights
of citizenship, we don't want his pro.
tection. ensured at the expense of the
Swhite people. We want the darity
to have fair play-to have justice in
the courts-to have the same right
that anybody else has to work and
be paid for his labor-but to do this
we don't want the government of the
I Southern States to be overtnrned-.or
converted into a species of despotism
in which the decent white people are
ground down by the ignorant and ri.
cious. You may be sure that the
present condition of your State, which
is regarded here with grave inttrest,
has had more to do with the recent
overwhelming verdict against the
Washington administration, than any
thing else. People begin to think
that unless there shall be a change,
the experiment of a Republican form
of government upon this continent is
a wretched failure, at least, so far as
your section is concerned.
)ours sincerely,
FRED. TAYLOR.
I--·---~~~~ ----
Louisiana Eeotions-All of the
S' Parishes Heard From.
CONSERVATIVE MAJORITIES:
Assumption ....................
I Avoyelles...................... 28
rBienville....: ................. 780
Caddo. ·.·,ýa .ý................. .'SA4
Calcasieu ............... . 113
Caldiuell....................... 141
Cameron....................,... 15
I Cata.houla................... 88
Claiborne................... 719
De~oto -- -- - - - - - - - - 1p
De~oto ....................... 1i
Fnrankliu......................... .;343
Grant............................... .
Iberia........................... .15
Jackson ................ . 312
Lafayette............. ....... 4415
Laforche ................... 29
Lincoln......................... 3
[Livingston ..................... 577
SNatchitoches.................. 58
Rapides.. ...................... .1
Richlland.............. ..... . 9
ISabine ....................... 80
St. Ifelena.................... 811
St. Landry................... 19
St. Martin..................... 216
St. Tammany...............
Tangipalbo ................... 41r
Terrebonne.................. 145
Union............ ..... ",
Vermillion................... 44
Vernon .......... ....... 4
Washington....................... 355
Webster ...................... 108
Winn....................... 51
Orleans ...................i 126
Total-Thirty-five parishes, with
·26,2I3 (:onservative majority.
Moncure's majority in the State 4,
·RICALL XAJORITI :
Ascesioit....................1. 1i1
Bossier............... ...... 3
Carroll......................... 1248
Coneordia ..................1.. IS
Baton Bouge East............. 8
Baton Rouge Weat........... 4198
Felicians West..............K.. I
FeliciaHns East ..... ....... 641
Iberville .................... 13!*
Madison...... .......,... 1613
Morehouse.. ................ 25
Onachita......"........ .
Plaquemines. .......,......... ~54
Pointe Coupee........,.s 1411
SRed River .................... , i
St. Bernard...........1............&
St. Charles................... 9W6
St James.....o............... 11i
St. Mary ..................... 108
St. John..................... 01O
Teams ........... ............ 916
Total-Twenty.two plrishes with
21,826.
Scarlet is one of the moast ashion
ble of this seasons ecoler. It is shown
in thime new bonnets, and handsomely
blended in many of the new promin
ade costames.
S'razrr-Dasas8s.-WalDklnDg- it
should not touch the ground b two
inches all round. This new rlnion
does away with the afeetation of
eatching up the skirts on the left side
to cross imaginary puddles.
A queer man--the baker who
kneads musch, and yet sells everything
he kunads himslf.