Pfper of the Parish aauld t'itvofatrllitol'ies
.i. II. ;,lit E-, . . . Etlilor.
S.\TI'IIl)AY. .. . - NE 1ll, 1 7.
FINANCIAL.
it is strange that. with all the
injury we have siuffered fomn ex
Cessive taxa'lion, 1o)th directly and
indireitly--after all the talk that
has been indulged in regarding
parish taxationll and p1rish lina.
:s,so l' Ixou le cgrally, shouldx
I,e so ignorant of the first princi
!plcs which constitute ttIhe basis
for' sncessill fi i iinancial operations.
ThesCe "'first princ'iples" a"re so
simple las to be within the (1m
i'rehension of \every o4l-e, it' they
are properly stated. InI tact, t hey
are the princ'iles whii4h underlie
sulcce'ssfll business operations of
every class. rie'ifly stated, they
.are; 1st, to continie the expendi
tures of any one yealr to the re.
'eipts of that year, and 211d, in
the case of parochcial arnl iiunicii
pal bodies, tlhat the rec'ipts or
revenues of achi y3ear shall he
used exclusively for the explendi
tincs of that year.
Olfficial hoesty and a regard
for law is all t!lht is required to
insure the hiithful perftormance of
the lirst obligatioin. The seeiil
has never, we venture to say, heen
strictil; 'llowed in this parish, al
thoullit it hai;s been unlawt'ul to
Ii\'e done otherwise at aivy timne.
The pri'esent P'olice Jar)y, con
sisin of cllablge and int'erested
citizens, ai\ec wisely made flue htla
Ihlie'r guide, and time will demon
t:.'ate( the wisdom of their course.
Inl the past, when taxes were cur
rent and diue, it was the habit to
pay thent in parish paper, and in
any sort of parish paper. In conl
sequence, there was no)thing to do
lint to issue more parish paper
forl' curii'teli expenses.
For instance, the revenues for
fi' 1:77 are, the licences of 1877,
and•l the taxes levied on the as
sesstllent of 1871 and collected in
I S7. Suppose that the present
Police Jury allowed these taxes;
this revenue of 1877, to be paid in
paper of 1876, .1875, or in any sort
of paper other that) that issued inll
1S77, ,how could the expenises of
thisyear be paid:, except with tlhis
old paper, which is folly to sup
pose, or by the issue of new paper,
which is unlawful,
The State laws wisely restrict
the use of the revenues of 1877, to
the payment of the expenses of
1877, and sure, no sane man will
contend that paper issued iin any
ye ir previous to this, is an e.rpense
of this year.
We endeavored to impress this
upon the minds of our City Fath
er's whIen they assumed control,
hut they preferred the "old way,"
1and tile consequnence is marked.
Every dollar of taxes which were
due this city in the form of a li
cense for 1877, that has been paid
in other paper than that issued
this year, is an unlawful outrage
uponl those who labor this year,
andl are to be paid for that labor
by thie city.
The law says; Act No. ,(?, Sec.
3, That the revenues of the seve
ral parishes and municipal corlpo
rations of this State, of each year,
shall be devoted to the e.rpenditocures
of that year; provided, that any
surplus of said revenues may be
applied to the payment of the in.
debtedness of formner years.
Let those who seem to cavil at
the action of the Police Jury at
their last meeting, read this law,
and they will at onc he convinc.
el that they are foolish to longer
Henry Myers, tho most notorious
thief of all the notorious tlhieves that
have villitied and robbed this people,
i hereo to stand his trial for ember
zling the School funds of the parish.
This fellow deserves the most se
veie punishmeet, and it is tlhe sin
eere wih of every vih'tons citizen to
see him and his class safely lended
in the Peeitentijry, as a fit warning
to the ingrate who would build up
his pocket b3y consigning to igno
rance the chlihYren of a community.
Let lyers at least suffer for the
outragewant, wrongs he has pcrpe
trated; If the law's technicanlities
suffer this villaia to eseape, let the
peoplo apply their ownr lkw to him.
Tlhe. Dtsit Free Prts- says,. thlat
when you hear of a reign of terrorm in
anyof thie Southern Statks you can
calculate that some anrlet-bagger has
lost his gripi on a good fat, offloe."
Every now and trthen somae fellow
who wfas wrecked. with the Retawning
Board, yells out "new party .s' and
then gets scared at the hollow sound
of his, own voice. Gone to meet
Poat-mlaMer oneml' Ieys;.
I Prish Re2form and the Polic
Jury.
The .,iftllss, not to say emlinal 1
Ilaltltlnel of coiidl1cting our parochial
;t1t:~ lv by he several Police Juries c
siice the Ilays of recta traCtion, t
\V I ;l \ '1 ve\' y a rSlll'allllC(e f'lrom tihe
stan;(l~'ii, capacity and charoeti r of '
ni\' he sttoppe1d, and ststmi, ais yawllI
as honii sty, will he the rule.
-e ( ,ca1 mention Severail ineasiures
of nieded reformn, but before doing I
SI, we 1ºeg (titi ' ltleilloi'.ers i albandti o
the ohl time policy of attenl(ing the
cry of the taxpay-cr for a urntailmlent
of expenses, by "throwing ovelboard
a four huIlnirted dollar clerk." Here
tofele, Iaren popllar clamnor drlominl
ed rutic-uchllcent, it has bleeni the habit
n to curtail the salalies of the respon
silble otlicers of the Pl'olico Jury, such
as their Clhtk, Attorney, !'residtlet
and T'l'leasrer, as an appeasing hail
to the tlhreatening horde. Hlerealfter
we have every Itiasonl to hope that
the dehiland for a r'tluction of cx
penses Will he imet by lopping oI'
hatinaeles, such ais paupers, and redn
cing to the minimum required by the
Slaw tlhe ouittngeouns jail fees and
Ih ihe ilils charges in ci , l inal expenses.
r We do not pro.pse to recommnlend
e that the fees of paltish officials be cut
down to Starvation allowances, hbut
will insist, along with all taxpayers.
utllt exholitanlt criminl fees will
1 not be allowed as hetetofore.
o As all taxes and licenses tdne the
1f parish in future, muist le collected in
I United ilates citi ency, we have at
on (ce atI incei: l ive to rltrellncl, anrd a
1g good tl ineto fo red tcinig fees, wh ich
were plited at exhohiitant tiures in
lil. glst our estimate upon this la\
r" itutlgin the non- iss;atace of p taper
t y paroclhiil aiothliitiei s untleh there
he cash in animds of Treasurer to
meet sllh paper on detmandl. we col1
sider that $lt) is moie thau sullicieint
0 for the tie entie einiinal expenses of
t this paiish. This includles pay to
- ih-rill, ('let k, Jiurors, Witniesses and
( Jill expenses. Five lithousaindl dol
lars i, ad'litiont to thin ill cover all
disbUirsentls , for other plurpo us
Ssuch as sailaries', repair of parisi, pro
peity, c ltectl'.s fes'', primingt . pay
' to illitilta (e lnjiel a (not. politicil
enti tliiants us have iin Iite past stil
sisted upoln Ithe plublic Treasury').
t schools, loads andl br idges.
'; This revenre of tell Ithou sand dol
t lars canti be lrodnueedl in this tparish by
t a tax levy ot 71 mills on the dollar,
:a reductiion fronu lhe rate of the Re.
f publican levy's of 1873 and I i6, of
7 mills, anld a saving in the anmont
of taxation over those ye"its Of lHe
puldlican rule of i50lt per year.l', le
sides this retductioinl of exlenses, iwe
eodLcet the allirs of ilhe lparish in a
miiore satisthetouy antiaer, iot only
0 to the pblAie servitlts, b lt to the
f punlic's taxpayyer.
II We enusider that itn ordier to secure
the services of competent men as
Spublic officers, it is not only our duty
but it is economy to pay them fair
and legitimatoe wages for those servi
ces. This parish has suffered the
Sloss of tens of thousands of dollars,
fnom not only venal oflicials, but from
Sidiotic, incompetent Clerks and Trea
1. asuers. Let our ntew Police Jury
Smanke it tho rule to pay eonipetenti
Smei fiair salaries, and then exact of
4 them a strict observauce of their dl
Sties under the law. No man who isn
competelnti will do work ftr nothing.
e Let is pay a bid to intelligeuce iu all
Sour niitor positions.
The Shreveport Telegram (radical)
in reply to an article from the Mans
field Repoirtler with regard to the clots
ing of Tones Bayou and the cleaning
Sout of Bayou Pierre says :
, If any ot "the petple of Shreveport
s have at last concluded to go for the
openiig of Tones's bayou" we have
failed to find them. We think, Doc
e tor, you have been misiitnlforned on
.this proposition, and there willi be
no necessity for '"onr mmher of ottn
gress, the Hon. J. B. Elani" to secure
t an approplriation to open Tinte's
Sbayou, but there will be a necessity
iir our memfbert of Cotngress, lhoi.
' Geo. L. Smith, to secure an aUpproltri
ation to complete the low water dlitn
r at the month of Tones's bayou, which
heIo will do. He will also get a aip
propi liit ion, if possible, to Ce ouiiti
liayon Pierie, anid imake other in
s piovetnents ttecessary to sectring per
manent navigation on Red river and
at the same time protecting our plant
, ing iitreests.
Will the Telegram man stand" up
Sand tell s 1)y what authiority "Hlon.
l Geo. L. Smithl hopes to enter Caon
gres s as a representative fromt this
0 District. Smith was never t eelected
il and lii "returning board" ceititicate
g will have bitt little weight witit an
P honest Democratic House.
TTie Telegraut-on- Smith is artii$hei'
evidenee of the "ruling passn strong
e in death," and we expect to hear
White say of his carpet-hag pet, as
lhe said of Packard to his last hours,
e and when hope was gone, "we have
implicit confidence that G. L. Smith
will yet be admitted," eveti after
t Smith has been summarily aud de
* servedly kicked down theo Capitol
U steps.
B The day, happily for decency, et
the Geo. L. Smiths antd the Telee~gran
Whites is over in ieuisiana as well
V as elsewheser but they are the last1 to
I recognize it.
j "Idependent." Onee rndical, bou-
4 mer) but now on, uhld; trail for the
'P- bottle. tModim l'rek-grnalty.
The Country Press.
Generally speakin g, our State is
1 lacking sadly in a good solid intelli
1 gent connitry Press, for upon vigor
Sils intlelligent counli y journals our
future Ipolitical welfare in a glcat
neail;sl re de petals. We si eV' ry e'
I wee; some new candidlate for publie
I favors in the journalistic field, a ti so
I far, aill but onie or two of the.ni had I
better iot been born for the real
s good tlhey will do the respective corn-i
inunities in a lhi'h they ate published.
i The l'igila(nt, for instance, of I)onl
e ahtsonville, comes out as a ''"line art
t and l.terature concern," with but
1 passable t ppogriaphical appearance,
and anytlhinig but coinaei ulatble ablili
ty in its saluantory. It iginores en
it tirly local Ipolitties or local news, and
i- simpil prolposes to gi\ve its readels a
h little Ic ctilly select'd trash in treturn
it for their patroiuge.
it 'rhe past political condition of L.ou
. isiani is wat ii;g enough to thc peo
it ple to convince theiin of lthe etlicac3
-of it vigorous Iress, and w heai ain
"independent" thing is esltablished in
ia parish, it shouti hl e the fir( ist duty of
Sthle taxpayer to crush it to (leatih at
d once.
s. "'lindipeltdvnt"' co'ntry newspaper,
d indeed ! What a sickening insult to
t journalism that wouId be. I)emand
It tof the people support andl conlt idthtce,
. and when that people are robbed by
11 political bar ndles and 1pluInderers,
re'fuse to assist in hunting tlhnem to
it punishment, because "you (re inde
11 pledcut !"
tt The people of Louisiana demand
It vigorous independent o'I litical jior
I i n ls. .Juiiriials that will cry out
If ag st abuss, amuil demand a chaglnt
t of otlicers \\hen they 1io longer serve
p. the intert ests of' thie who electeSl
N them.
ili The pjeople do not want and lever
re will support the pukeiish indplend.
to Int tlash that make rascality success
1- Itl by their silen et ieutlality. Let
it our people heware of a neutral paper,
of That paper simply means to make
to imroney, and to nimake it by beinig si
hl lent herIn it should speak.
VI- AN*"
il Distribution of Federal Offices.
In view of the iPre'sideint's inten
lion to have the Federal ( ltices, prin -
Si-al nd subordinate, of Louisiana
I di idedl atiimong,, the three elet'icnlts of
af the party, native Republicauns. car
It. et -iigg'ers and colored ipeople, tlhe
(olorottd delegation inow heitl are said
' to have been aldviied byI friends of
the P'reidehnt -to name their candi
- dates for their third and to) abstainu
S fr1om any intt'elfere('ce in thli' select'(' ion
of the other two-thirls. They have
' been advised if they insist lupon con
' trolling the State they will fail entire
of ly in the ohjcet for which they are
It iLh e.--Washington I)spatch
n 8o we see that the President in
c- tends to stick to his party-to tlhose
-e \\ho voted for anid lectd hi_ m to of
a lice, for his matelial fromi wlhich to
ly Imake hiis a)poi itienUts. Where, of!
e where is the "'old line Wihigers," aind
thie "'new line Conservators"; --gone
Sto mieet "Ward's( Ducks."
s What a commenntary on some ap
ty pointmuents made in this State by
ir' State autllorities--selectilng men steep
. ed in villany and vileness for oflicial
e preferment over the iheads of the vir
tuoous and pure who fought for the
m election of our pIresent executive.
S Hayes sets Nicholls an examnple
lie will surely follow in future.
t Hayes appoints thle bummers of Lou
Sisianni, thile iplunderers of her people,
Iand the inisulters of her viltie and
Sintelligence, to Federal oftices ; let
g. Nicholls appoint the gentlcmen of
11 Louisiana to State offices.
There Ihas been sonime appointments
made that retlect anything but credit
1) upon Governor Nicholls. Mr. Hayes
Ssets him an example hlie surely slhould
s- fllow at once. IIayes sticks to his
g jparty, let Nicltlls stick to his. It is
sickeuing to argue that a conserva.
;tire course should result in the ap
ie tintmlent of Pinchback or suclh fel
lw- as. If that be Conservatism, no
Swondtler decent people repudiate it.
IHenry C. Myers has returned to
Sstandl his trial for' stealing the school
y moneys of the' parish. A gentleman
- of our town had several school war
- rants which lie placed some time
l since with C. L. Walmsley & Co., in
. New Orleans for collectiou from My
It ers. Of colrse Myers diid not pay
' tlhemn and the gentleman had the
warrants returned him. Myers call
t. ed upon this gentleman immediately
iupon his arrival and said : "I lhave
P paid those warrants. Gave Walmsley
a. the nioney the day I left. Hope its
1- aill right, &c." The gentleman pull
is ed the warrants from his packet and
Il, showed themni to blyers, expressing
e surprise at the paynmtnt. Myers was
in dtmbfounded. Of courOse Myers was
lying as usoal for sympathy,
el Myers should go from this town to
ig the penitentir'y and we will be sur
r I irised if hlie does not,
s, We note from the Coaslmstea Citizen
e that Messrs. Seheen & Lisso have
i purchased the entire interest of Mr.
r Love in the business of Love &
- Scheen of that place. We are pleased
ul also to see that tho new Eiru propose
to do a large and extensive business
sf with a good- assortment of merchan
e dise to command it. The new firm
11 is composed of gentlemen of credit,
. e halmraeter audsterlingbasiness qual
ifications and certainty deserve en
eouragement.
ol Get your prixting done a·t
4 tlienltNWcfA'TO'3 Jo b Oce.
MORE OF MYEaS.
HII Continues to Steal the
School MIolney.
Mr. Lusher on the Situation.
t II. C Myers was indi''ctd fltr rohh.ry
of Ihi' stlchuol moneys of this ],arisilh, a
ya r r Illre since. With a !ian of or
dinar;: rcestc'tahility, this clhlarg wothl
ha:'ve l etn ,iulllitilnt to have rende'retd
hin e:i'aier to be at once 'lied. Not so
with My-crs. Tinc \\ as what he wantttd:
in which to cook Ill+ vo-hers from ' .rool
tIai'hl : hlo hnl,\vr taught a school, and
rtcilts from lIutilders who never con
structed at school hoius',. 11. C. lMyera
played his "whole hand,", even to ha\ ing
his laililuhlr frienl, ' fragile ToUmmy,"
rolh tith ('l, rk's i .tlice of hile indictments
- a:aiust him. In olhId, words, Myers'
incit.
linut this is not all. Myers (il not
stopI s'tcaling the sh.ool funds. Since lh
has lbeen indicted, he has rohbbed this
lariish of e'er' dollar due it for schlool
I) I'lposes, ulp to and including April 1877.
V We aiptl'ld fln initeresting corresIlllot l
in ene upoi l tihe suljict, which will go far
i to show Ihlat Myers is a gri'ater scounlih'rel
than most, lltun Suoltiseld him to hie.
Ir' l y. i is sci pI's ilint hlnicie t, then in
diied are 11 ti, l s sadly loul t of joint ;
Sand if the Coiurts arll' owirhle+s Itio ltro
StE ct our school oneys---th limoiist sacred'l'l
f tiinds in our Stiate froii sltp itoris, it is
¾tine to ll3 ply the riigorous and steri'n
'3 justice of l ulldge Lynch itI :a protecutionl
(, C Aii'rl,, Natehiitrchls Parish, 1
o May lith, 1,77. i
,. lion. R. 31. Lusher, Statle ,upl't, Public
Ia I itiio, Newl Orl'haiits, La.
d )m I :.\ii :
ThI hl ally let l i l lV''lct rllli t of
- Louisina ll; ,,in, ai.t hf I prcL' anlntily c -
it tablisdllh t with its several detpa:urtmints
l icgisl iti\ X, 'xect' ive' anltl jutlic'il, in
irell ,f nl op 'ioinll. I Ner ehlr1 to .tlln it
San inquiry to yoiri coui iderut'iiion, and
I resllccrfull hlb-g :t replily at ytollr earliest
As your time isu itlouit doht, lu11
It, iron ired ati plrs ant i with duties pl l rtain
i pug ito yotur tli te. I will sitate tilh iutl l i
rv i d,.hit. to make.l after iiillnri iiu .i you
"Iii !'' t ij'c i i l hIII huillrt' :i ill3 ' h, l (ic l it'O
that I writ' u this letter at the e 111 (t of
It linlulitr of eiilltlnrt n who wtirte ellntg;
oi liast er ' l i'n nlly self, in publict school
tbachiing In this ' l ir-h, ani d ,p o . ,t to
Scoiitilllne :il the huil'erundiller yuor ad
nministration.
Yoi is not d erh s ignorant of i he
f ict t t the Sl ite is l jii tl'l ll o tlllht'
thacthters here ft r ,torvlic..s reiidc r ,,ed h
fS. tihlin du'ilng i h4 l t y yll l "; inli le , tllr
thi p i lttis e ? r clOlhing fr'l i he tie.t Moll
day ino S ir, ia il'r 1'h . l ii i.t on'f i h .ll .
ca ly wen ý t l to Nlle'1 1'u6, l'an IIIr fii giloll,
no far as I kiinow l it lii.,i has Ie-n
la Itid. Thy lil11ht ug iter ditr co hir etm's
li, o ed intol. iluh 1. C. 11t o l, ih' thin
- Tr'" ( 'as Crr of I u, Schlool lhird,,l r ho hadl
l t .1 s ln 'ral ionithsis preI vieo ly, i htedl
i their warrantsl iu New Oihrleans withll a
of kind of punctuality.
Thoy unilrstood plrf'ctly w'ill that
hi in r ,ifiing to niake in}' hbut qutiarlerly
" contracts w ith the rillt, motive was to
I Thanve'ie thWe sh ill clitor',itl Il' to ll01
le he Irou l te film`l of tl l, hee lhii, d oir Ith
- Mroan tio si of t ti"a lea i, n s, an ur that ill
a1 c oer tain cltl iinglln , they ilighit hatel
ile to look eneiu hefr thai to him fotr cnl
c no tllinlll fr tlaeir ? sl'vic'ce Were lt ly
pot justlild in helinivhig that, should
the huei pending election result in a
I the w grihitratiof aLt paid oallt ofl
S rhet, list schofle ofu' lds ivtill ith, tihe l
hr i.i to I nit hlyeas tly bbli t hytlvs Vnd o
e cently wtl to New OleralS to buy goollV |Jt
ol Me rs ine l is itsshssion. Oiln his re
ia hIalhd o1 n ,ou' l whi lhhlrc to e il'an if
S ossi hble, whin said wartailt' wonhle al e,
Spaid; that ysoil r elicd, tlhe hohllers of
l'if ii 'larruteils wouelli gavc to laookt to
,yers for his suiiies for their lly. The
I- eIlllry I desaire to mllake, inali do nilw
li usakt i: e yo cltl orrectly in 1 d4 e 'stood
bo o hiliiltl to reported; It lmut of1 oi
le lieve it,
eMay I trcspass dear sir, on yonr time
e, ilg of this L ratter tl e t ub
nIf the great ,State of Louisinu--still
e ire thie tmnly 'earn s ,ll thieMes and rob
Ehave lb d faithoully for tsq he atdnraxitn
of her chihhreii, their meagre saLia.s,
ic Your l r of her disho linest ciinl agenis
ed salliri, it our thlailms. cwh llich y i
Slivious of lst dues. thei til'es a'l sadlyt
out of joirnt to say the least, of lt o
t Ved ry Rendeuctfull 0, yours, ni&'
s tn, R bs'. Lusther, ' ato 'i il s t lijub,
padu atios sell. n av -
N 'ew Orhe ans, May 26;, 1877.
. EdwaM IBaraird, Esq., Campt, Parish
'Yoer letter of th inst.,sc commads an
1 'ronpllt ackliowledginnth.
Tl' chig pr hoe cLilits which you ai du
yolir hioioletd colt' gt le'gCls hiel oi the
idSchoo fUites of he Stale, o bydnlit that
I ol wtreti ustitied in believig p t iat,
shoudI ttiero al l1 cliaige ii the Sigae
toullry rondarihd "would ol rlectgnztd
I ay vall by she hiiw amihlhi.4tratiofi, gived
leaid out of thc ourst chol ftiids re vai'a
thautuestionrbly vali, ath d they soliulth
0e paili oees of t he shcooll fnds tohailael
i)1 f that purhes'; but the dn"shd oust
aims, arlde of Mycrh, th, Clulodiai oft18ose
eiifuds, b ither atu'cinblSpt or ber legl1 pro
eThis will t nPler'nt to y't, on re
r flesting that, fr thre years past. a com
stimutiotnal pr'ovision nliie ma p it otlign
tory on Parish Bolrds of Directors.N to
thfat yeir or, in othery tCrs, to limy it the
Samounit of illil ratvenlueh This pr vis
cin liakes it crr liar alla the. oly "school
fdeeds ailable m for tle foyrene76t ofpyailr
claims, are the Schoor ueveiniAer of l878,
ed by tie etae, i f Sopteimber and De
cenmber of timd year definai nigy residui of
r.axes fhir 1876 t riat may hereafter come
into the State, Treasury aed bs apportion
the fact is, that Henry A.r Myers, with
whaueriou contracres. , ha. drwn, or se
cured warrantt for all the apportion
adeed, all tae revenue fir 1876, paid hnto
1-olimitedi bj teit lyw defrnient hiedutie;
shoindYet[ a immcdfa..ttney urenm f the .Pm1,
ilboilar ti 'ull alish Attoirley to iltittl e l
Siiit totl lii' Scholi l fliinds out icco'llltit'(l
for by Mvyers. The'11(' new Act ritquili's
Ohis lur'ceu' linil, aind Oil tlis you ctan
,consult c 'ail. W ill. I. ,hlik, of thte iar
isli loard, whileiit ill dlitilitliss aid llyou in
setcili g the liay(Oieit it) i iou i jut illliS.
It, is (,uestillnal le w tlic hlitr i' lit I..i'i
tir ' e'an Iulder tlhe altl ielnid It to tl
a 'uistittitioi. grantl rtlicfl in h't ire, It
C claiiialii+ who have bieenl wlroiged, as
,l y iu s'icti to hal(' lii( ii, by dislhoitst 't
( ,tli i: i ; ani d it lrutst l i ', vioul s that no
c:ili for relief can ti e l, rollrtled, ullt1il
Severy legal rcle'dV shall havei ,ti i ex
ithaIiell againt is ,hitlr tliit hih a tt.
" Your ser-ice dullting thel prilesent yeallr,
"I l' o Niatchitn'hes, will, I sinci'rely trust,
Irbe iaitfull y rw\\:rlhetl. This t liieir ' ill
ti. tof the t labors tof eoiillctetl and con
scientii ll te achers.
Vcry l eslpeitfully, Yluilrs,1
i ' I)B'T. M1. L,'IIEIl,
iState Sl ilperiltedl, t Pi ublic 'dinc at i in.
Bulldoozen,-Its Origin.
Editor 'indicator :
(it Ci:hance threwi ni'e, a few days since,
whli;e tila visit tiN'ew Orleallns, illn copilila
iivy w\ithI a gritl lllman froni lt' o felthlie F'eli
is liiana's, twhen, dliuring qilite an extenllded
ro chit ,chat, I lotictl that le used the
\worll lhillo:idli l very v fi'eliently. ]l(iig
liariied that that leiw .inricaniull had
S its origin in that portion of i the Statiie, I
Sasked hint ifsich liwas a farlt, anid if so,
"l would hei give lmei Sile 110 rolluft as to
how it, originltied. IHe retlitdI thit lie
knew all about it, lnl tlhai its history
1was ratii'her ani" inig. "During our triol
tl; ils tl theire, said lie, tltd partiicularly
u) with the cotton thit\es, thel citizens
tfrtiid thei mstlves into a Vigila:lne Con:-i
milittle flr self prnl tectll ioln. Amli t us
is was a worthy Israelite whose knowldge
rn t' ile English liinguiltge lt as peiT ct
as that iof an Atriicn'iia, andl as a so
Iu ence, he frcilnltly g nt o things a little
1 mixed. Ote fit the rlit es of the Company
l ias, that when il thief'i was ciight lie
lie was tol hiavt la ullozett triolles with a Ull
.\ hip. Now Jaco tdid htot exilctly tin
deIrsst: l wihat a cow-hbile or hall-whip
wa;s, hut he did nll litw that tiih 9hihef wasi
of to bhgll nteellyti licked. iOn o ccasion
ay- i tibl\\ilw was calt it, few liiks in the
- ichain iof evidince againiist him were' inis
in 'stig, aind s01110 of tilia tIllbet N Werel iIn
lit favor of inflictinig hulf bt tof lawe
iIl tip i hint. ,Jacoi t, ho iwe'veri. Was ii
Vt v:ne l in his ownll \ i n i l tt (hi filliow
w\\as guilty. :iild when it ci nu to hiis til
IP to i ss i u p 11 the iiguilt 1, i ,cenre ofi
ln- thle risoln cr. li h ,l i,,l  . ".\1. ' il the Law,
;i , ull d( :e IZ l ll ut, l, " li n i ' ; il s, a ia
I (ifatter of, ()li1te. t 1i :". i n likis . ith it e
of bll-whip, A .greait h:liigh enilued:,. n iteii
- flhlow w\'ila "! iilhhd oz tdl."
1 I hlave biiut little doubt uilt that the
to abolive is theliun, l i i o lg ti t in t t eir
1- sturiking xpri i ton i til all iiiv sthough
otil the t;t antl whit I say thieu, ves I
le useni Radicals, 1'10" th v are ;I thites--
' fron thle Editors of t ilhe Neiw (lirle
1i Tepublic, doir-t to ]nhll obrl lttlnt and
i other's, ini Natcllhilchls purisai.
i- IILi .LlI)O(ZER.
S The Collte oplated steamboat trans
in portatioin of thie mails was greatly
ll misniierstood by our peliloplle. It was
''ln iss Itelnded to supply further
niail facilities, and in no way to inter
at fere with the present land established
i iii olrder ito r(iemove a: cause for the re
tfusal of luaany to sign the petition for
i'lliver Mails." Thlie land routes will
noiit he discontitned at all, and the
Iriver roilte will tflitd tus another fa
a cility for mail transportatiou, inot
liOw enljoyedl.
t While hu on the (biject of mails, we
begI to call tile atteitiol of our read
ers to the followihg frou (he S'hreve
t port Teeqhrlrml of a late date:
, A nolticeable inl of the Pobstl
Clomilnlissittit, which recently visited
maniay llotiolis of the ,Soutihtrnu States,
it is their avowed (esie to itlicease the
nie onuit otf iostal service performned
of in tlie South by stage-coaches, backs,
to and other inferiior modes of convey
Santce, the object in view being the
creation, i thousaids of rural dis
tricts hithe rto nIeglected, of ftacilities
for tle circulation otf ineWSrpaperY and
delivery anlihigous to those which
e hiave always beet supplied to the in
w terhor towns nuild townships of the
- Nortleri States. The Postal Coini
i. issilon wats primas ily interested in
i tihe establishment of fast-mail facili
Sties between all the leading cities of
0the rountry, and that bratii'h ot its
duties has received atlltentive conlsid
elation, but it is lntw Imaking ait ear
te nest ellfot to accotjiplish the import
s; ant additional object of quickeLiug
ic- lte intellectual lif of many of the
it- interior distnicts of the Southi.
ly The attention of the Postal Com
mission should at once be called to
b. the want of routes in this section, and
we hope our friends interested will at
once do so. We will render all tlhe
assistance in our power to them.
We desire to call public attention
sh to the roads in this parish. They
are at present, owing to dty weather,
moderately passable, but in the win
a ter it is a matter of ahuost utter im
ub possibility to travel, owing to the
be bad condition of our public high
at ways. We are informed that the
Police Jury intends to present to
c- the Grand Jury for indictment, all
road overseers who have been un
- faithful to their duties. We trust
ie they will go to work at once and re
ho pai.r their sections under this gentle
st reminder.
0 The Grand Ecore bridge needs re
e- pairs sadly. The Overseer of the
t- road on which this bridge is supposed
to be, had better call out his hands
i and repair it at once.
e "Nary" one old line whtig huts "riz"
o yet, notwithtanditng the niatty fools
oh that played Gabriel to their antici
I pated resurection.
President lHaycs has appointed
of Jack Wharton United States Marshal
s for this State, and Jim Lewis (col'd)
navld oflicer for the Port of New Or
t. leans.
e- The greenbackers of Ohio held a
State Convention at Columbus, June
o6th and after organizing a guerrilla
? warfare on both parties, nominated a
.. ticket and adjourned..
n Eulargement of tihe spleen or agie
 cake can be prevented otr dispipated by
using Honre Stoniac.h Bitters; its totie
ie alteu'i've powers being specially adapt
a ed to all dcraugemeuts of the portal
JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMENTS,
NOTICE.
SS',',r4ont of R. L. F. Sibl'y, der'd.
1 VNESI M..SIBLEY, A!minisltratrix of i
L the snes'sion of R. L. F. Sihbly,
d.cnased, fayin'g filed in this (tlive,, )lh |
tinmal a (ctntll of :Id i i.!ier'- ion. Notiv,',
ten days, otlirwii-e he sa~t c will ith
hmo lo,.hted and m' w the jnlllurnt of
lthe toult and lhe Atdminiistratrix' hontd
canrelhl !.
\Wit ness the llo. P'. A. SimmuoI Piar
it hl Judge, this I I day lof Jtne A. 1), '77.
aNI. LA: LA.t'CE,
S .Iune 14;- ?t. lh'1nt y ('lerk.
n. Notice.
(1:i .1 E (ot' T.\TE' TAX C"OIE('TOR,
n. N (' lll'rut lit L , I. ., Jiue.' ,  77.
t T'i1ENTIO)N of 'f(TN !'Iaye, rs (f this
J 'Parisi is a (llcd to Set . 51, o1f tilt
lieventii Airt of I1 77. as fn l:o) s :
F:('. :1. li, it f/r'ther anam~ ,", H '..
', That as sou1n :,s flrniish)d with blank li
t'- cst's Ihe ltax nlhlectior shall give nolice
l- tlo lich person ll ]iah In th llt lli'lent of a
.d license tax that Iltlyment tIherof imuslit
i le he ade witlhin fittien drys, and in ri:et
Sof lifailu're to pay such lice)ue hlle shatll.
ad within ttwenly tlays t flou said noltilica
tion preie d to setize and sell, afetr tin
co, d(lays adv\e'"tisenw)nt, property of the d,
t liiqnt o ,atisfy sal lo|-use.
11' '. 53 dire n ts the Collector, on the
Iy 1st Monday of Novemoner to tile wit I th
- Ietirdetr a:i list of all nlllaid taxes.
ly 'The tiling opelt'att's fs legal seizure of
fly the pr etli'lty, .tl 11 will l tarl per cenit
,I interest. (On the It Mondlav iln l)eeet -
Tl. her all prolplrly so sized will I' soldh at
t- Inuhlic anltilnl, withol ut alpnrais(tnent.
4t lk~ing man|datory, the Collector has no
t I ill hb dune to til let, Itr.
Py L N LANE,
lie Juine .--tf. Tax Coltlector.
I,
11 Estray Notice.
)I1
he I HAVE taken i up and estrl\y("t l ti on
. I 1 Mars, oeit . broin, with hleft lint foot
in \white. t m l botl hindl fteet w. hit. l: t h ,ar
17 .r-pped off. IJrahePd on the hlt shoul[
)- m" JI ,ollncrted) and 'olnter-l ranl- 'ded
t ndhoer it, the stramo JI and randehd on
el the left hip All (ctnnected). Als\ oie(
-' light brown mtare lit 1led .1 W on left
" hip. JOSEPII WELCH.
'1 Estray 01oiee.
Ie
;h- IA\VI': taken Ip and estr:Ived, one
s ]I jsrlel miorle. no hrall(d to be s(eut ; two
sca's (0 lhe right jaw.
` .JOSEPII K. WALKER,
5'uecc.ssqiou of .JElncadic Goint, drp'd.
'- ACO()TE. Administr:tor of the
' i ' ,'s.,io, of l.le,iea.die(io in, d4e 1.,
having filed in this thtidce his final ac
s coliut of adminiiistration, uolice is hereby
Sgivell to all wholl it may con(er' to
inlahe their oppositions thereto i tien
dais., itlitwise tllh saiiin will he homildo
Sgatled andl nale the .iitlgmn'trt of the
Court, anl the administrator's bond
cancelled.
W\itness the Iloni. P'. A. Gimittnain. 'Par
rish Judge, this ith day of June, A. D.
JNO. LAPLACE.
e Jue 9 -2t. D'y. Clerk.
CONS'TABLE SALE
L. Clharleville,
vs. 10th .lustice Court.
e M. H. llenulricks. No. 50
Iy virtue of a writ of ii. f,. issued in
the above entithed aud utmbered suit.
Sanid to tlle directed, I have seized and will
otile for sale to the last and highest bid
hder, at the door of the Teuth .Justice's
S fiice, in the, town of Cloutierville, on
LI Thursday, June 21st. 1877, the following
", described property, to wit: One Sorrel
e Pony. Terms of sale-Cashl, with the
e cfit of appraisement.
C. E. COMPERIE,
June eth, 1877. Constable 10th Watd.
REGISTRATION AND AS
SESSMENT.
II T E I Taxpayers and voters of Natelli
I to'hes plrish are hereby notified
that I will visit the ditlerent polling
piecinets of the parish, on the fillowing
days, for the purpose of Assessing )propelr
ty for State and Parish taxes, and of
Registering voters, to wit:
Ward 2, H . II. Hathorns, Friday and
Saturday, June 22 and 2,.
" 3, Grappe's Bluff, Monday atid
Tuesday, June 25 and 26.
" 3, Broadwell's, Wednesday anp
Thursday, June 27 and 28.
e " 4, Campte, Friday and Saturday,
Juine 29 and 30.
" 4, lButler's Store, Thursday and
Friday, July 5 and 6.
o " 5, lienlah Church, Monday and
II Tuesday, July 9 andt 10.
" 6, (lover's, Wednesday and Thurs
day, July 11 and 12.
S'' 7, Zion Church, Monday antd
Tuesday, July 1i and 17.
" 8, lieaselv's, Wleduesday and
Thursday, July 18 and 19.
" 9 E. Ross', Monday and Tuesday,
y July 23 and 24.
" 10 Cloutiervile, Wednesday and
Thurlsday, July 25 and 26.
" 11 Carroll Jones', IFridny and Sat
- urday, July 27 and 28,
c As the time for complethlg the rolls is
very short, the taxpayers are requl vsted
to prepare full discriptions of their
e L Inds, -lorses, Munla. Cattle, Wagons,
o and all kinds of taxable plroperty, and
have the lists realdy on the days, and at
I the lplaces above ldesignlated.
- 'Under recent laws. the Assessor is
t charged with the ditty of Re(gistering.
voters, and in order to vote at future
- elections, it is absohltely nee- scary that
e the names shall appear on the new rolls.
I will he in my office at all times up
to 22d of June, andi on all days not set
down above for appointments Parties
may therefore make their assessments to
moe at any such timcs.
J. P. JOHNSON,
Assessor, Natchitoches Parish.
t Office with Tax Collector, St. )euis St.
Natchitoches, May 21st, 1677.
oeezer1Ly TuIckler,
General Collector.
jr 1 All Accounts promptly ctllected
NOTICE.
ALL cost bills due me as Clerk of the
Court, have been placed in the
a hnds of Daniel Scarhbroglghl for collec
Stion. All persons are notified to pay to
him. and hibm alohue,
a . P. MEZIERE,
a Juno 9. Clerk.
Dissolution.
e,- David Pierson buying become District
y Judge, the Law Firm of Jack & Pierson
is dissolved. The untinished bmsinless of
t- the Firm will bo conducted and settled 1"
II by the ntndersigued.
Alnril 23-tt: WS' I.. JACR.
OMI III I.lD .\NI) r'1)iER" I Iii WVEKLYgI
CI 1. . N,
[Fr Illye !Nhir .Tit.]
.vs ; hy rctl1..i 1, h , 'h , 11rices will li1vt1
ht paid.
cOT'T',; I ':(:EElP'I.
1H;eeivwd Prvvihe.l 5-71 bales
Reetivdtl thii V. i. -.
T'otal - a i
FIN.\N 1AL.
Mt;l- 410~ a -
,ilver
Parish \Varrautt
\' «-5i(.
City \Varretmls--7.g 0 SO.
GROUCERIES.
('!rlr:i:--rNew V.York creaml ]sl
c(hoii'-et \ ,terll 12'3l'l2
]Brandy Chenries-84 75 per doz.
V\ii0,nt/r -1b t2,c per gallon.
Rlc.':,-i'ritnie I 'a e 1) l.
Goo(id 71e.
Fair fie.
ioiIp--1i- ei' per ilh.
Salt-1 :i5 per uck,
Starich 1 . i it.
Candles-13a 11
Whistkey--I 13$3 I 75 f gallotl;
Cotlee-20i.24c per .lb
IlIEAD STIFFS.
Boirrells $8 00I7 11 00.
(' rnmiteal-i 1 25 per bbl.
Grits--4 75 per bit
GRAIN ANDI) FEED STUFFS,
Oalts-55cT per binshel.
Bt ili-- :[ 1.5-- per 1(0011 ibs.
Wheat-Wlhitte Western 82 30 per bul1u
SPROVISIONS.
1.('x-- 8hollde r 6ib 7c.
Clear Hib Sides ilJ.
liDry Salt Shoulders 7}0
lDry Clear Rib i't@ c.
!hear l ides 10a101.
I Lard-Tiervce IU 10ic.
Ls Por'k- $179i $25 50 per Ibb
i.tsls-Choice 1.2 )@
Ordinary 11 j'
1D. laeon.l--II 'a 14.
Pig Pork--lalt hlts. $9 00D
Pig Tngnes--ic a piece.
1'igtr Feet--nolne i n market.
B;ialia Si:ii Sw --lOr12c per tlb
liedf-Fulton, .llo 75 per; l lhls.
(hianie --l 5u9. 0"0 )per hhl.
Unions-Western, .3 ,U'Sa 50
(ahitiitas-l 10 l $.
Apples-Si-$ 75a --
I'otatotes--2 50ii 1 00 .) bb)l.
ºlhrringe-45i3-l l;.c t). box.
Codlish--.;c by 100 pounds.
('cco;untlis-$ per huntilred.
Siur Klroit -none in anhrket.
Coal Oil------23,25e ' gallen.
SUGAR AND MOLASSES.
Sngar-Coultnoin 81j
Good Utttttonl I, a
Prine 0) ?,.
Choice 102/11I: .
Mvlassse:--.- Co lnon, i40 . gallon.
lair 451c.
ItPrihit.e 5c.
Choicie .c.
LUMBEH.
(Clircss lluiter -'$13 per thousand feel.
l'iie lutnier--1 per thousiand feet.
C'ypnress Shingles-4 00 pcr thousand
NaIls-.i 75 a"1 ? 2t.
\'agottis-- $Myu 75.
C('ONTIiY PI 'r lon E.
Eggs-aiton- w' lttz.
I.l-e-Loutiilten, clean 10itr l
}fid t.is-- ci 1 :'e.
J turs--ittt er - t .5 cr/2 50 e,-b.*! s.
Ha T.--. tk .. It i,,,Fido.
CoGrn - 5 91, per $nshet.
E,:gs--1 ) t 3, per ido?.
- thoit.e Vesrl 18a20,
Polttoes - w5eie , 75pear 1 lr bushel;
Tallow - ---Oc per plnd.
ti Geese 5ot-a $6 ler doz.
uubriDucks- $3 2.per doz
Pork-- e per .ll.
llef-ls-56c per lb.
Lttowil s-10c per lb.
Verison--$l O2 l 5 per pirsaddle
CAN DRY GOODS.
Prnlii--i? ' 10t'.
Ilrown C$tt(n--6 t10.
McLowel Is- 2i 7. 2 . otc .
lobsters-$2 00 ", dox.
Spiced Mthiat-$, 50 tl doz.
Sidtlines--i hoxe(s lic s Iok.x.
Oysters-%L53clSI 00 ^ ttoz.
E:agle ,lilk-$2 95 ? do?,.
Yeast Powders-$~ 'O~8 , gioes.
Pec'Ches--$9 50 y do?.
Piun Appkls- $2 25@'2 50  doz.
Concentrated Lye--$i6 50 casy.
CASE GOODS.
Ii:nllvdy Peachles--S1 75 m doz.
Pepper Sanco--$1 7561 85 ? doz.
lIostetter hlittersr -$3 0~0 t50 , dox.
Drake Afit frs--53 50,:175 2, d'ozx.
LIQiUOlS.
New York Braudy--l 33'l 65.
" " Gin--$1 32'1 66.
Illporttid Cognac--$L 657,i:2 00.
Giulger rnd ll"'-S- 1 65 '2 25.
(Cet ly liraidly -,$1 90(@2 75.
Imnlorted.-lIllland Gin- $1 90'4 2'.
Jlllinen Rtlt-$5 0i'7 00
Jhiish \Whiskey-$ 0 n0@r(5,.
Sicttch whiiskey-}5 00@§ 5t?
\Vhllite wine-$5 50h,10 00.
hK'rig & Co., (qurts) $25 gold.
Veit\o Cli<pot PtisittRdb--$i3.
P'iler leidsieks-.i$25 00.
ALE AND PORTER.
Dut.jeansLagrerbier-qts. $3 ;0 pts 2 '
Milwrwnkic-"--ts. 8~275 1tts. $1 (iS.
lin~.s & Co.,-AlIe, pints A'2 25
STRAYED OR STOLEN.
A SMALL Sorrel Ponev ; white
streaks iu face, black spot
on hlft h}ip. 1I00 on Faddle aitl
bridle when missed. A liberal reward
will bh paid for the delivery of the poly.
JoTrN DU'KLEMALN.
.June 9--2t.
NOTICE.
P II NTl or NATCinl ro'iES,
State Tax Collector's otfice,
May 224d, 1877.
'hi ,;flic.C ic now I1opent for the collec
tionl of* LI('ENSlES and '1'AXES, du tohe
ltate amnd r'arl'h.
L. N. LANE.
Offie oil fit. Detls St. Collector.
May 26 If.
Pos* E.enit.
Tihe Maricel1a Dwell ng h[ýºIoa, elf
Texas $tri'et.
A1p11y t . 1·009>.R 11L,
A pril '21. if. ,;Irt,