BtILL 0-' :.\Ii:l l,º: : I;I|i1uT eL'trº:lY f.
1.\-T1\t; D N, t: I.r;
lnp -1l'1 rec (t f J lrusahlen artihok' l
'ou r,. rn of l ilI tIs ,f. silh , l ith oyt\' te rI L
Pl'o :tors , la t, l, .o (bill of f:utt
Pl , vI,.ll :, 'tI o f" s.i ili itl t i
; 'Iý(1º ' I ' ý:t ttl l lt, , l(tl.' +t) :
" tl'e el'l. ill _ :Icltr,..
ti ',l t hlit' t . ll ll ill tillo lt. e
'lir e of Jer:Isi :len1 ia it'lh9ou i (- ti i
-o, irr) a leat . I' . tit'e : Ieel, slie't
a ll Itry .sli htl ill h ite hr i tu thr e<t'
dl ioZ , ,It llilti111 l i at ih la (' ,L ittin l -
houirts), ol'spii llhl wVilth t\wol! tal ll'
r"IUo litabl . of flour, dilute itlh thi el i
floitsl oft Ihollet milk, hi a li a little Oa- i
gtiant liu tl Fi l , I' k hI lf :ill ni11U lla i ,
lles throiit eh N, a seve, Ilil i Ii.  In
nlin.,lth ilth a li .i n . oe t ix tl , -\ olk. 0
:int two otnicil ' of iLl tlter iltulillt L
bits : ml1i- ' i ltI V ll-. i, til ll Ilto te' : I
serve witl stn!!i ill!s i Ire 0iIons fried
in butl er iil tf p t It i I to lllt ilt'
last L Invii t i l l
T'aJlitl of l i'll ets of sole, , with l oys
lers: T'1e'il: the lillets of three go.d
siled si l!es (tll uliers ), t latto n .ilhthly `t
btin otne Sidel ilili ,ich e illet itt h : L i
thin Inner of tish l nte- li'at ( ii ttl I
hill of 'a e l No. IIL 7L); ,liel', tt llith
overlay ulth a little t i nl e fi rce-mtlt; ir
iani eC theta in ait ielt h ill a \tlll- o
bntileted hoorer tIiillll; iiadd more t
force-lie t, if Il 'ired toif till the oe ri
der1; put ill :' .SaI illir i itl i a little wa-li
ter'. lover with a uittred pape'r all
ook relo tl\" for nl hour; eaitl hile I
cooll twoh dlozein I:Ie' opened ostetl ll i
ith their liquor, it little fish-broth i
and a lpile of htter, drali n the oys- 1
let's 1nlld thicken tkil h 0i 0r witih atl
ouncI lLe oit a half i o', fluil took ll ill I
butter ; boil and u tinil with the lks n
of thIea ut l t\wo lparts of butlte, i
white aind led itll e!pper, glatd ut- er
n'g and tIo juice tof a Ie ol : puti ' 1;
the osti'rsi in a Silepan andi ptcss ii 1
the salice tlhr ullhi a nlapkin over h
then; turn the botil'r onil a dish, re
miove the butter and liqhlid that iav Ib'
tome out, loer the ti-nrs intol thle 1
centre and some of te salle over
the fish, bips inkle with chopped i
parsley and serve. It
tage-see World bill fin fare No. it ), t
pepare a gairlniture (t lsa kplaedoine
(World bill of fare No. m1); till tlhe
itol-a-'rent with it, add a small head
of cauliflower, surroiuded with a
few heads of iiusclrooms, and with
slices of truilles atop ; pour a little
bechamel sauce over, cover and serve
on a folded napkin. S
Croquettes,, oif scloule : 'Cook slow
ly a iquairt of settIoile with three
ilnts of milk, a little lutter, white
pepper and uotlmeg adld three egg
yolks aud two handfuer of gratel
Parmlnitesan ees the urn intlo it dish
and let cool ; then turn on al tale I
bestrewn with grated cheese, cut ini
any shape, dip in beaten eggs, roll in
iiread crltlb, and fry slightly browh
in clarified butter : dish up on a fold
ed napkin and serve.
Dearni of salmon, sauce tartare :
Boil a iniddle cut of salhuon, weigh
ing about live pounds, in salted wa
ter acidulated with vinegar, with a
bunch of parsley ; let cool in the wa
a dish, mask with Tartar saf ce
(World bill of fare No. 1), snrrondll
with quartered hard-boiled eggs, e
hearts of lettuce and stoned olives,
and serve ith iln sauce bowl of Tar
tar sacte.
Puddtting Hay for Horses.ll,
cutaly atd Epnd file hal f a pound ofor
oralen, lds with theas at least, to mixegg,
rwith a wit iooden difprentsser; mingle wellroportion.
ioes a kiti enbasi six eggrasyolks withven
then oadd rt the prsame time arthe sifted fol
almonds and the whites of lore easily di
s see if these reasons justify thix
era ancakes, batter (Woly fed ill of ,polre
t, to horses155) with a glass oforge appetitesyrup
ismake about ste to a ulient extent tos;
pmet mould well bnttered; loine ito
wlseic the rest of the, overlay eachrm
elarmalde, fld overfl. 2 and r3.ge Inly
cannot ne digested with a copious layer of the al
masticationond reparatioe, finishing withaes
llanc it akect piut thae mold in a stew-d by
an with boilg mpermeale evater to half it is
absoheighlutely necessary to break andfor
ac hour, dri every dilection before dish, le
igver it an pjuicot sa ruci and disee.
olve. Y. World.Whe this isnotdoe,
Ie rt is aich escapesracie in this cruslii
horis passes, nd from withe ait least, to mixst
grain with it in dition in llroportich itons.
Doeas recethis payved. The reasons givenved.
Expin fvor of iltle pradtie by as fol-n, in
ows:France, have shy isw that rowvin ayfrom
theis simply cut and wasted. to. It requires
saliva (four times its more easiyigh), and di
gested. 4. Is eaten in less time. Letion
us see if these reasons jus Cutting hay fothe
profeedit on its mastication or digestion my ob
Spposervations, good that insteafed inof feedingproply
compontraucted called feed, madble quaby grind
ty, toget hoses withs and cor, and ppetitesome
tis renot wasted is to a suhlient extent toAs a
general fior cutting, the. This is tema point oned
bywhich the optionsig natur best farm
ur cannot Le digested without sfcmplete
mastication; the ground fetritive substanceswic
crush ir every direction beforefo the gastric di
digestive juicethan ay, is frch and by thdis
goeties than hay, is forced by the
bulk of the ration,, into tle intestine
Intfore it is lprptVrly acted upon by
the gastric jEui'., and a cosidehrall(
loss ensues. 4. It is cl('eVarly cstalh
lished tlhat haty aml girain, in a Matu
raI c.ndition, or 1irpe11 'ed by cutting
aud glinding, lquire proper 1ansti
at;lion, ,an111 if the time: for eati.g is
shl rt.ned, it is done' at a .:lcliiice if
its dig.stihility. Taking the facts
" eiv l al'ovc in connectoll w'(' ith those
1ive1 in a 1prccldiuig not4' o the pe'
CIli:lriti's of digestiou in horscs. a11d
it would ap1l 11r th.'e' is v1rV little h
ri..50,n foI cnttini 'rood hay a1i)1 Inix
il. it w itlh si blstauces to hurry its i '
4m4ast4 4 a1 [til*. n.r
Producmng Sex at Will.
The tlh'iy of 1i 14s nuetlho1 is, th Ill:t
if li,4;als are d(sir' d. the 1 11:l'
hI,' t i .f mlcs are4 d s.-ir(d. gi'' e the'
anile at the i nd of Iheat. 1'll'1. Thl.I
iiry, of I; n.l a,) \'; i il11'll d, i11 ' S:ti
I gat' d this '.SI4j1 ct, 4 1 14 is thorou'ghly
.colviet1 d of its tu111th.
Ai . (corl'sp.1 nd41 t 1 i tf 'l ' t if. Fic el a, 1d
. 1Far say. the tlruth of thlis liw has
been su.itainced i plr ticte. George
II. N111h1ys", A. .M., M. 1).. I~f llhil- L
S d lllhll , ill one of his le'cc(lt w1 r1sl .
s\ 's 1 on the s tulj''ct, that he Las niwi
il his piossc ssiwn the certificte of( a.
si'wiss Stock glower, soil of the Plsi
I 'dent olf the S" \\i Agirieit, 1 1til iai S"cio
tlI, t'alti i deI Vadll, ntiler lilthe date
(of Fl11'11e 1 ary, 177i, \which says4 : "In
c the first pilce, ill twenty-one snilc
. ('ssie oCu(as,ils, I desirted to 'have
1 heit'i s My cO'ws wert'' of the 1,h1r.tz
1 hieed, :1(1d 4iy" bull a plle hi)aii1 i,
le I s ('rle dedl in Hell s' (ases I1;l\'i)lg
o Illight a p0rlll' 1)in hall ; l nli Bo'w, it was
1 vert1 iimportant forti' l t' o h;i1 vl'e ia 191'"
hull to suiiseulde the (c1l I khlid
u bought at great expeise., 1 ithout
II lavlllg to cha1noce the l lprodi'ltion of al
, il1I;le. So 1 4'ilhlc ed accordili Igly 1the
i esciription oif iProf. Theury, ullld( the
t- suc..css has proved the truth of the
it law. I havC 4hie totaid frli nl luy my r
hihni h1 ull six i4more hulls (Schtrtz l)r
4 hain cross) fr tiehld \\.k, and 1 avi '1 g
l. lichosen (wls iof the fsailie c(olor and
v iheighlt, I o)h4itined just what was to r
le quired at will."
cr The editor of the Western ll prltl
h . doubts these theries, though hle does t,
not gli ve i'll s1 saliial d e ide e 11of '
c Ithe' clse. We think lh the th y is tli
. correct one, ltand 4 hen it fails it is
i more to le atliilted toll the want of e
ne close and care'fl at tetionl of the L
1c breeder, to his stock, when in heat.- ii
li ohome Journal,
t Rapid Fattening of Steers. o4
le The Cedar' Falls (Iowa) Gazette It
Sstates that Mr. 11. F Kilplatrik, liv- v1
ilig (nea4r t1;!t Wb, 'i, lhadl got tile id'ea t
1- that the colrl111i1 )ra('ctice at the West "1
re'of fteding corn'i in the ear in large o1
ga- plrotitable, as the large steers wonld
ed drive laway the smaller iones, and de
shl fil'emore or less the corn which they
d1e left for the wealker ilones. Mil. K. is
ill feding a car load of steers, and di- 5
i, vides his feed into three equal mess
vi es, feeding in the three meals what
d farmlers generally feed at one, and
givilng them ample feed roil om, so
'e that all can eat at once if they wish.
it- Il addition, lie feeds themll all the
a- good clover hay they can cat. By
it following this course, they require
44( cerlain the Cesuilt, of thiis experim'ent,
gs, e had three steeors weighed at his
s farmin otne h t th of December, Theoy
i e were weighed again onl the 30th of
e)acendier. The first was a tswo
1, yeaia-old, which weighed on the 30th
o4 of I)eceniler, 1.170 pounds, haaving
lg, mllne a giliin of eighty ptoundS in tlhe
ye thirty days. No. o. wis a 'tlifor-yetlir
el old, ind weighed 1,440 lloundis, hv
ili ing nialhl4 a gaili of 120 lpolinds, an
'il; 4ve'4g of four piun1d5 a ullay. No.
ed 3, a ftirtyear-oIlh, weighed 1,el0
gs lounds, hiavillg gained 169 pounds,
lx an ave'rage iof live and one-tlird
.e pounds It day. This is 41 remarkable
; glii, considtering the fact that the
s [r; con was fed out of doors and in the
lss Remedy for the Bots.
c Our friend, H.t W. L. Lewis, con
t1 tributes the follwing to the Son of
Ich the Soil:
al- I know that there is a difference of 1
ithopinion as to wlhether bets are inju
rious to l.oses or not. Believing
ls that they iarel, I do not propose to dis
let cusa the question, but will give some
41 experiments mlade with them.
Last fall a neighbor's horse died, C
as he supposed, from the effects of
bots. rThe horse was cut open, and
his large numbers were found adhering
fr to tho stolachi, which was iartially
lix destroyed by tihenIl. A nuuiber of
1. them wereo taken for experiilent.
Spirits of turpentine, tansy tea, sage
i and several other things were tlied
res that were said to be good for bots.
di- Nothing tried killed them after
i twelve hours' trial. Tansy tea af
- fected them most. A lot were put
1 into chloroform act thley were almost
I instantly quiet ; after fifteen minutes
0' they were repeatedly washed with
on water to clean them of thie chlproforo,
m- ard see if they would "wake up,"
lay but only one showed any signs of
elife, and that very feebly.
by An ounce of chloroforrm given in a
is half pint of water will give almost
nd instant relief; the bots .1re put to
the sleep. A dose of oil, four or five
i. oIces, will pass them off. Frater
ne, nally yours. II. WV. L. LEWIS.
est Roast Goose, German Mode.-Rub
it the goose over night with salt, pep
i per, sage, thyme and sweet marjoram,
ay inside and out; in the morning pre
cy pare the dressing as follows: A lhrge
m- handful of stoned raisins and Zaute
di- currants to bread-crumbs, a couple
ion of sour apples chopped fine, and one
for mealy potato, with butter mixed in,
ef and well rolled together; but put no
on. spice in the dressing. For the gravy,
tug boil the giblets in a httle water and
ha mash the liver in a spoonful of flour,
ad- chop the gizzard, stir these in the
ne- liquid they were boiled in, add it to
s the gravy in the dripping pan, sprin
ted kle in a little thyme, sage, and sweet
ix- marjoram, and it is done. Serve the
ent gravy separately. When the goose
ich is cooked and served, garnish it with
di- sliced lemons, and a few sprigs of
the green parsley.
HUTSON'S
LIIERIY and FEED
St. l)tnis St., N.\rcIITOCIIES. ILa.
S PI?El Ah1' 'EI) to acceomonldate tlt,
I ip llic iin vtrythiig in the1 "ted al
Liver} lin . Stu l, is fir-t-celas ani ar
rano t.l pcsl 'iall. tut til convenience 'a l
l'l:E1) .'(1i llllSI. lI L'ER DAY.
lhnks andl l,.'ivs on hire and fur
nitshed lrotunptly on alipli'ation.
t' i P'. IllTl'st'N.
Fel. 17-1 y. P rorietor.
DAEIIL PRATT'S -!"IPREVID
S "Revlhig IIevd"
i COTTON GIN
P ATl'E I JULY 1 I-:T.
IRICE REDU)ITCEI)
TO $4 50 PER SAW.
tz
I' a
Ir -
r1 'IIS C;IN has lbeen in use tfor thei past
I threet seasons,an tl several recent ih
l lprov'eitm nts hai iteen thle:th . It olvi
( ates all friction at the tols of the cottont
lo1x, prevents lithe roll from bralking, toid
gives :a IA.\1tGEl YIELI) (O)F LINT front
lht 5i1111e ia;1o1u t of stel'l tihan at otherlr
is (in in use'. 'The licialvinu Iltatl light
ofes the draft and tauses the (;i In to rin
hie faster with less drivil ig 1power, thus do
in a  great tdeal nmore work within the
su. e tfiut , while eottioitizi, Stteamt or
animal powetr, thanIi a}y' othe'r (Gin. The L
stool bl)ing giuted ve'ry clost, the length
of the staple is i areasetd, pi rodtiing cot
tte ton on this a-toiunt of a ;mater miarkt"
\ valit'. This itlrtivedt value, given by
ea length of st:llde, with extra prodlurtion
C f lint, added to incrtased a ounIt of
ge of the G(in in ,very 101) hales ginited.
st 'rest ittonials sent lt Itail oil uapplicationt.
lti
lc- JOS. I. WOLFE & CO.,
S(IENERAL AGENTS,
( 5- ......5..C loNELET S........ 59
ta- NEW OILE:ANS, LA.
old C. L. WALMSLEY, Agent,
s0 August 12 AT'('IJITO(JCIIE', LA.
the
ir HENRY GENIUS,
ire
do Worlker in Tin, Copper and
irt
as SIIEET IRON.
his Corn''r Front nti T'l'rndean Streets,
Icy NATCIIITOCIIES, LA.
of
the
r11.
an
ble a
the
the
Sof
Sof WVholesale and Retail dealer in all kinds of
p1- HEATING AND COOKING STOVES
ing
hi and sole agent for the cclebatcd champion
me CI-HARTER OAK
cd, cooking stove. All stoves sold at man
f utaturtr's prices with freight added.
Id Manufacturer of plain and fancy Tin
Ware Mlletallic rootun, etc., etc'
A large andt select stock of Tin Wareo
and lhonse Furnishing good on hand
of GUTTEIING. ROOIN(G, aind all man
nt. ncr of.Job, Tin antld phnltcmbers work exe
rge cuted with dispatch.
FREE
:o WAREHOUSE
Ites
oI)ED RIVER TRANSPORTATION COM
SPANY have establishecd a Warehontse
11 at
io' Grand Ecore, La.
fve Where all Freight and Cotton consigned
er- to their liune will be stored
Free of Charge.
1) Freigiht by this lineu as low a by aIny
ep- othler in the River.
nApply at Grand Ecore to
SWM. FRENCHi,
re- Feb. 17---ly. Agent.
Ute EYERY FARMER HIS OWN MILLER.
plo CHALLENGE FEED MILLS
one
in, Combined
no 8HELLER AND GRINDER
Wdill Gr i smn kind of
Peed, bwhether wet ordrv
wnr, ~ i th ana apedtid
the wUhouthoutlf
tto MAO,
reet Osage Corn and Cob Mills.
the O and PrbeS *bdra
o SEMPLE, BIRGE & CO.,
1of c , T adare,
IS Seeth Ial! St., ST. LOUIS
Wfleuammamiioluut ouar ony reraitb3
_--
Should subscribe at once, and
get up Clubs for the
FOR 1877.
Our inducement to Clubs are lib
eral.
00-oo
LOOK HERE !
We will let each of our old Subscribers who pro
cures us one new Cash subscriber at our usual rates. -
' have the VrNDIcA'TOR one year for Two DOLLARS. That 5
is, both subscribers can get the paper for FouR DOL
1w LAItS AND FIFTY CENTS.
Club Rates.
Single copies...............0 e.......... $2 50
Ten copies to one address...... ........ 22 50
Twenty copies to one address............ 40 00 1
A copy of either, the
Id
People's Vindicator,
Saturday Evening Post,
New York Weekly Sun,
N. 0. Weekly Democrat,
Leisure Hours,
Furnished extra and free of charge, to each getter up
of a club of ten subscribers.
CASIi must accompany every order.
Remit by Draft, Postoffice Order or Registered Letter.
JOB WORK.
Our Office is supplied with a splendid assortment of
Job Type and Liberty Juob Presses,
and we are determined to do as good work as New
Orleans, and as cheap.
BL ANKS,
POSTERS,
CIRCUL ARS,
BILL HEADS,
LETTER HEADS,
BRIEFS,
PROGRAMMES,
BUSINESS CARDS,
and all kinds of work executed with neatness and
dispatch.
Address,
3. H. COSGROVE,
EDITOR AND PUBLISHER,
PEOPLE'S VINDICATOR, Nachitoches, La., P. 0. Box, 120
OUR COUNTRY !'
WHAT WILL
Become of It ?
miid.
I.gs of': iciigns1 . e ll alie giiig ' it Iihltt
The glrave isst befiri e ( ,traess: th,,
final s ithlill,. n t of the late l Pr,.tidlg11 ih
s'lectilo ; 11 11 ilo.mtilli1 t' ' I,-r,, : he '
'iew lthesidelit lthe l 'oliy oIh' ll ti x. t
. '1luinist ratiot n; l:'tt u t 'llre w\ ll.rett of
the Etinjllr Ill l. ,,lle'l. al'e Ilauttliltr oil
greai t iltevl'es to ieuch alld \el'ry ildih idl l
al. Stich a crisis has 111 .ee.n p'rentrued
silice the lhcartion t f tit' hie nde ,ne. t.
A Trulttfl llistory tft event,. aal d(-Ii
i igs of Cow' -russ will au i ,, with it- l
partialiley at d fairets in the
INCINNATI ENQCOIRER,
a puhlirt spirited pais r eel:boiylg the wi h
es to lhit Ipeollhle adve't,11ing sulbnis,.ion
Rights of the poIl' t he t it heard ul1i1 all
ltters l' th i:t lertain to the tnlriy's
will't lie'.
'I he 'T'ricky l'Politiriaus, always ready
to o'galizie tri. tl,]t.. li1t \who leve'lr p Tl
ticipate in ,lauier, w ill be sho tnl Utl i u
their trems ofhers. Subsy script rilin
for the Enquir r, y.o will .'t a It itlfutfl
lrinled tfi' r\entls aj the"r tra.......... with
ou, Perty (a .. ring anl) unli.lse, ) pIr
tY f'eelillgs. as lih- trig Melril in a nIlYs- i
papeTir is its ability anid willingrt s o t
give the ......
NEWS AS IT COMES, t1
and not ais it is pr 'pared by par-ty t de-nl
rogues to mislead the n'ople. Sp'cilneu il
copies frea. to
Cincinnati, Ohio
aTerms eof Subscription.
F"OR WEEKILY.
Single Copy, uno , yVe r.............. $2 0 0
Five Copies ..$1 75 each...... 8 7"
en .. ai l io " . C . ...1 11
FOR 1)AILEY.
Without Rntldoy x 1, C.ithy PSda.y IO.,
fly M uail t is ea l'..81 i y .Mail It C earit $1 1 t)
Si'x Mollts ....... i iitli, Six M. ) ths ...... A7 i
'Three M.nths..... 3 25' Three Montilh .. 3 5d
One Month......... I 31 One Month..... 1 :1 St
Most literal tertms to Yinh atnts. aend
for spetinln copieas and agents' onttit. el
Cincinnati, Ohio.
MONTGOMERY BLAIR, Editor.
Published Every Morning (Suntil
e ays excepted) at ei
927 D STREET N. W., j
Washington, D. C.,
BY HENRY POLIKINIION.
Address. Box 481, City P. O.
The UNION is servd by ecrrticrs to i
cents,. 1l matil, (ptostagie psre aid,) tilt
cents plr month,or 7.1.l p"er Year. All f
cssi ,srif tie evenst be paid ivariably iof t
The UNION will be sent to (iluls at
i thre st ofi per year, pothistage lepais tid.)
in ti te nation fr s
Newind itrs ordering Till " ir lN will c
e sunplie'. lat the usual rateos. The
muiony mti t invlarbcily accmplany the
order.
VAll tank oveeks ber, ust l we staped. o
Posmdt ofithe arder ares to dcnrefr;t ie.ts
tiAll uitiss to th conlluiy at larls must to
addressed to he "Pulo lishero the elion." as
The Lass niour is conducted on entirely
The sin is the only emotraic dai- e.
issch i of thore events an issuears has of thec
hsr. In the languagel ofer the initiald
editorial g, " cle nediainted oject sought
in thole estaolisne ofihent of this puer ie to ael
in preveitig the nation fr. bei s
ecnd to he ills which nDtst result Fahion
morolnNoits Ch;f Magistlrarcy iRe ihewa; NCe,
and Srkling Editorial, etc., etc.f ad
jinist ratioh and financr decryboeed loy the
voted, of tvibe, id wo hope so tonly
WPRIME ENJOYMENT FOR A YEAR.
Less t o a rcpt of a o -r Cents a Week s
NO.MAKE II3E ATTRACTIVE BY INTRO,
Which Sleonr Soree than 55 years has e.
th.e besfix the nnmber
60 efTORY IsKETCHr & 'rFAMILY PAPER, so that
as is well know tun all oveapr the United
Staes. Iton opublished weekly, contains
Teight dflarge pages, clelarly printed ouN goodITri
ipaper, illted willth the choicet storiies adi
Ssketchefs by the best writers; no sen
sational trash, but such a mother is
w lrtl cttnt wilng to have her chi thren read. Theliti
wilhole tone of thepaper is pure and el
It also contains Historical th Biogra-nn
phical articles; ncien rtieln; Agricultuali
te bArtittincle weekly, frsttesuh and exceulp. wlled; Hu
m orous Notes ; Lirterary Reviewslity; News
frand Spe arkling Editorial, etc., etc. affis. It
JbSt spetplo ai papefr tas everybody loa pstd to
violencead, and the price is only it
-ithSampl the opyt cntainingreful, cplbs rates, etc.
sent on receipt of a 3-crrent stamp. Address will
N.plo B.-orBe sthi purpose and a llix the numbere
t650 htefrEd If those wh& Fren, so thriveat weru
thma y know throughr y what paper the sl bdo
the Treasury or by usurping what tide law does
nort _itt t hril. Ht i it IT H ill 1"nlub t11 . t ~l D(4 i t
(ih t i t iit lu"1, l , tii lld , i ii trin ,ti
to h f inj , ,ti uihiir "i i r.hi i i,. .
Th1 Inir'enfl hI ,Iuly S' N ill It $ . i ti
a molth tr A ti 5 i n , '( p ,in t. -I it r with
th' Snu la\ tlliti,,n 7 7t0 ,t ,at .
Th, I"S I).\Y ,.ditiotn h:!Ir.,. ei'ht p
''1 . \\'.,.1, at I. {.patr l ie,". f;t. hrn.a1 ýOl
,f l ;I n;.e:tr pmut paibl.
Thi hit tltitt of hii itt e reini i tiot liii t the
i ht i m - i -ti l l it , . ttrs -t '1 1 6 l . l , t t e
iCoi idu ltriber Jtour.nat
nT ati n,,  ; i,' f, r h ,, i. l , !..N 'nbiv
t 'l t th . L t n 1t I. 1 . I 'l , -it lter ,l-l il t I i sf o r.he
,Iirftuilll ti ll tll, \\,1- [,,li 1 1 1 t i 1,flu ,ie re.
a n. ll ti, w , ,, . , , i, , , I: . , t ,' , , ,,'t t,, , ,' 1" o ,i ,: ,
Shitit ju1 t r it In i l t l alll \ et h I tu} of
illi ' itlviitI ad C i i~l ,,,i, esV
il.i.h 1 lti n .< l, it t , I \t;: I, .ili ,e , a ,U11 - piy
tlil1 t 1i-i . jii l p r, 11 etI " u1. 1,.!i 1 i \1 ,.4
ge1 r :1ld iv u iti( il 1 iY I,.,;,";\ fIlld liara
i i. i i. I ie l Ztt! , 1 .u a(it ili, tatra
Pers irr lli -ib l ,-I' i i 11"1, , \t ,i 1, . a111t{ t\, , lisl t _ _.ll.
illt i.' (fhe %,(.I Y 111".1.
.l11hhe,.s. "11Eli SI'\, N,.\ YR"kn1 ('ity.. N. T"
'77 THE PEOPLE'S PAPER'1
TIlE LOI(VlILLE WEEKLY
Courier-Journal
The Great Nationial Family New.spaper
Combines thle exprience, alility aknd
illterial l'ltollltl'es iof tl h'r old-ime LoU..
is\ille nei\lul'i'pts of natimial relpute- i
thil Loluisvillt n Courier, Loutis ille Jour
nal ;llilt Louisville Demllcrlt-and is for.
Sitied ill thl lrespect and colnfidence re
,tilting nfril nearly half ,a century of
their imtlividuiali n t eolbinecd sueeess
The Weekly Courier-Journal is not a
urllle |i hasty hoteh-potch tilliown from the
iaily edition. hit ai complete, able,. splicy
family newtspert r cttlrfiily Iand intelli.
genitly edited ill every eculttiul and parr-"
graph.
Clhiee from 225 standard books, or any
ione of the le:Ming mgazines or illustra
ted peri.odicals for a lere pittance iA
addition to the prico of the Courier-Jour
11 gl alone.
S 1RENTICE'S POEMS ianLd the Weekly
Corier Joirnal onie earl for $13.00.
A splendid Map of the Soith, size
284x32 inchi.es, landttine.y colored, var.
tilisheld ind tnug nl rulers, retail price
l2.i, will 1te presentoed to each subscriw
ller to the Weekly Courie, r-Joiurnail who
a sends us '2x.1111.
'Terlms, $2.00 a year, postage paid. Lil.
eral offers to el s of tfive or more. Spet
itlen copy and descriptive circular frea
to tany aMiress.
AdIelress W. N. tHALDIEMAN,
Presi. Coiliitlr-Journal Co., Louisville, Ko
STIt1E tVWORLD
FOR 1877.
The New York World for 1877 Daily(
- Seni-Weckly and Weekly, fwill ie found
to he the chteapest and heat newspaper
published in the United States. It will
Ie printed in an improved form withuew
type upon the hest pa per, anid no expetse
or laLor will hie spared to maintain it in
every departuent at the highest possible
standard, and to commuend it in all ree
pets to thle confidence aiind approvalilof
the Iest classes in the coCllunity with.
o .ut regard to political opinions or relig.
l) olN s itI11'lent'ices.
'It \, ill lay ,tbefore its readers:
IT i :illcE NEWSt i TiE DaY of all kindsaind
11 from all equarteres, by mail and by telei
i graph, erefully tconleunsed and lcidly
atrranged, spicial attention beig given to
it all Comtntercial. Legal, Financial. Social,,
) and Political Transactions in the Cityof
SNew York aud the United States.
F'ci.i. Rilf.ltrrs, Reciting and Illustra
Stiung all Colongressilnal and Legislative
1 proceedins at \ aslhingtou and Albany;l
to all Me1ettiigs of inportaince, Religioulns,
Literary, Edleationil. Scientific and PoA
I itical; ill St.oial Eents, gay tad grav,
iiind Ptiticeiofall nofotle emetiol of intcreo i tlo
withe putlic.
Ct aIrOXall. cit , expressly prof Art.
tor this journal by a pernieve t staff of
a.ccnprestithtd resident writers at all ,ee -
tFrs of inpr pest lhroughoih The World
1-Lrl'Ei.LlY NEW alnd REVIEWS,'by whii _
tour reaiers will be kelt aidvises of evand
hilg wort'y of th pbenlion hi the i urrenit
SLifltira sy of E herol Wl a d, i A lerica -
a CriticisiS of p lt nodabhe worksan
tio oties of all iistabe evegodind wonisetion
juwith isi(, tt e rlhandi, Paimting, t Sulp
ture at d all oitier bratjdhe n of Art.
Ealitoral Articles Uporm every subjeeoi
present interest or importance.
For thei b principles by whidh The World
a will re goferoved inrigs discussionaso
otreatnt of the oeopbli questiofa , it will
setlice to zsy that ile World, while bor -
servative in politics, desires the trniumh*
tioh enly of what is good and wise in our
public institions acd no limitation S uil
the rilht of e bivatn judgment and.be
asiiirvationt of Reform, save those whiq5
are ilposed by prudenpe b decorums
a rational respect fthr vested rights ol
fo~r the honest opinions of till ch.ases slul
sects of men, While it has labored fl
thec principles and hails the triumplh at
the Democratic parth es affording uofs
practical promise of lReform in our publis
adnimstrations, city, state and natiopalg
it will ot be blindcly devoted to the ia
Svaoneme oint of any party or a py eltqu.
It will freely caivai s the public cond ll
while it will treat with respect than •
Rvate rights, of Public Men. and it will Ig
amline fearlessy into the workings ofotl
d national, state aud municipal goityll
spIt will inculcate a steadfa otu liaws
al lpon the original principleso of r l
-tical system a the only sound bmie n ill
s needed imporement therein ; andnl*
il eing devotion to tfe Constitntnofa i
to the Union, a scrupulous lidelity aond1
spirit as well as the letter of oirlawn
epand a sleepless vigilance in muintg' d
l l the great s afegio rad of Civilafai
SReligious Liberty. It will seek to bet*
igate and not to al m avate the evia lai
Sseiarawle rro gn Party Govnemiensbt i
Free Country ; to prormote p ood aud
ill feeling amona our fellevor itzen, of i
creeds and conrs, all tertiornt andld0
sects; and to advance both by iwell
gepts and by its exaniplh the 0tighe
Reason und of Law over prejadioef
passion in all our public a-ction so~
rath discussion of all public affairs..
S It will do justice alwaysp to the b
its ability to all men ans towll claso(J
men ; it will recognize no enemies _but the
tenhes of good morals, nublic ordereln
the lawa; it will endesvor, in a word, t0
make its cohlumns a terror to evil-dolB
Sand a praise to them that do wellt
sc Nor will it lose sight meanwhile of.li
7great and legit imn ate demand of
reading pnlhlic fo~r entertainment. 'ft
WOR LD will keepl its readers inloei!
of all that is anausing ais well asoft
that is momentons in the movements~e
society and will spare, neither trouble
nor expense to provide them with t w
7ried anim~ated and avccrato picture otti
times in which we live,
h1 TERMS-POSTAGE PREPAID.
on Daily and Soudays, one year. $9.0.
or six months, $5; three montht, $2. 50
n Daily without Sundays, one year
to six months, $4.25; three months,P1'
less than three months. 91 tt mouth.
The Setii-Weekly WorM (Tuie~
ut and Fridays)-Two Dollars a year.
ni Club Agents---An extra copy for clubd
It ten ; the Daily for club of twenty-fiv".
The Weekly World (Wednesdays)0
n Dollar a year. To Club Agents..--A-
Ir tra copy for ('lu1 often; the ,emi-W"
i ly for ciub of twenty; the Daily for ds
of fifty.
Specimen numlier sent on applicaties
re- Terns---Cash, invariably in advane
All colnunnications should be addre
it ed to THE WORI ,
Cornier l'ark Row and Beekman Stt~'