She grapi's hadictatr. - te- -rpl_ Qladi-al
AdvertLing Katei. H A rl live lenoc-ratc paper. The tool
* - $1 no e iIts'or ring. Freo andie out enirjnI I
I arVu re,... i o , ,,, ,, (Editor & Proprietor.
3 alea rea... IN i sp 13 i, 1 , ::, an' 1
4 luaree... I.I i ' . - : . :5 N P1hNlishId nEvery I.ATURIDAY Mornatg
S square .... 1 1 ... a.. n 11.. u11 -. . .. .___ ___ -. -.--.... . ... .. .. .... - - " - - -
,.,....114, ,.10, 1. ,;,, TiHE' WELFARE OF TIE PEOPLE IS TiHi[E SUI'.iI.ME LAW. .briptlo ates.,.
n, ..i . 2 , 7, 2d 6, , ,,' , '2 , e,2 - -O  Co6)p', o6 .ve ;r......... ......... o
tc"r;e.'"....: "~' "I Official Organ of the White Citizens of Red River, Sabine, Winn and Natchitoches Parishes.. o, su.uty i.,on ....... .. le.e t..a . i.
-J_ NqIIar.n .... 2 I 2et2s 22, ., , mo-,'2 :, ,lI lltb ripltio. I e fn r I bles than R acei
'"rran+It. 621, e1 " n " "l22,,. , , ! ",, V,.,i ..... - --r-: . . ----? - - -_ . . . . ..... 1 ... .. INh . l . . ilim l i ?ad- lu
,6t..6,,, ., i. .. "'2 C V O . V. IA TI I' 1,I-- -.- - _.. 7 -Ll ti f-r h-* -. - - _ _..
a .L*I O t -irno tio n 7 e , n t u p er  21 22 2r ..
Professional Cards.
Win. X3. Jaok,
(SueCeeuor to JACK & PsRN's'"a
Attorney and Counselor EI Lull"'
NATL'IITOCHEW, LA.
WJILL practieo In the CssIsrts ofr .stcrlit .cli".
0abille, J)Iots,. Ktil Rivs'r, WVinin. Ipisidae,
4 dOrans,and In th.* 4ulprsesue 1.itttt or the
Mllte. f)airns prosptly atts'ni.~si tit.
Apri 19h 1tl7.
S. M. LEVY. DiNiIEa. L' '.5 :III5')l ,11
L MV& 1CAI$BORI'UWI1,
4TTuE)IN? 1 AT L.L IV.
HAVINGU ssa~elates tsrsnlsssivs, . ; nst i55
in the Parish asse Isitrict, tise( I575 iili
III 'Ilisrict, asui in the pasri~bisar stE R'i:a as :111
GtdnAit, lrsuielisCousrt ofsuEI,+sitinsn, 1'. S. Di-i
Sr el and Circui assaurta sf Lssi~joas :uadI 1'. S.
Corrt of Claistu. at WYaaiingtasss.
Ofice iii tihse Liessuts Illuililig
(11)s Stains. )
NATC iIITOCIIIMJ LA.
Aug. 3, I7.-lIy.
J H. A N. J. 41NNINI IH A
ATTORNEYA8 .I' LA.Ii.
St. Ds',sa $trewt., N;its'hitsº",su-, ,I.
W1i,4. give promsapt 1a81s j,(sprsnal ast
tention ts, sill Issssnssrns Cs.,sriisctssl iss
their curs
Practic·es its Elms I iutriet u8IssI I';i:i.hl
Courts in thlts Pnrieshar of aN1its],itssslssu,
3u1l Ri tr.r, I Js~Matss sisI Msis. i gisir x1 s]451 ~ilI
tAe Snpreiaae Co4surt sItIlsssrs :Iuusi ltst
Orleans~. .Jss14 '- Iv
C. CWCFtiN. El. I". i)ssvsa:usr. 'r. 1'. Il Ii as.sIs
0UAPLIN, JIIA*t ErT A C1HAPLIN.
Attorse*Im at LaiVr,
NATCIIIT( IElll IA..1
P ACTIClE in time' iNI +lris Csn'sty. 411
Natsrhiiolasrs, M~tlsius'. I trMatas 31st1(
R ed R ivs r sas iu l i t, E n plms ''u trl O f t h e t' ss , rit
She Slate 1ao -y
J 3. . TUCKER,
4aeeruety oad Cuou,eeellsr at Lheir,
St. DwrJ. Stres't, - vh'iirn'h#n, Lus.
W ILL prasticue in time T)ietrict andi I'sr
bit Courts of NYutsrlsrtscslssa, Mv;ºsl~us
9.5oto and Rrwl River, sand tlhi. Mrsjsr'i\rw
Court or the St18e.
All hbnilnea4 entrusted to his e arn .ill
remive prompt attention. Apr LE.13
ML f . Thimiu,
?hysioiaa and Surgeon
NmegemR~ery, Lo.
Magistrate.
J Nf . TUJCKU,
Magistrate Ward I.
&. DeaSteedr t.:, Natchitoches, IA,.
P RONI'T attention givein to all IhgiAjaneM
*mtiuatei to his eare.
. Claims collecteu at mnall coot.
Betfs to the Bart Generally.
Jom b 78.17
Business Canrds.
g. Co 'aPtoahel,
-DEALER IN-
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, HiARD.
WARE, BOOTS and SHOES, HIATS,
ETC.
Highest eamh price paid for Cotton snd.
Country Produce.
WASHIINGTON, ST.,
NATCHITOCHIES, LA
. A. BULLAID N. H. CAMI'BKLL
Bullard & COmpboll,
DRY GOODS,
OROCERIES,
HIARDWARE,
And emral l r,-iandite.
oe hit & T1.eA&iatr Street,
Hgggf -i for eaton an4t,
r merchandi*e.
0. L. WALIIASt 3. M, WALltI.KY
C. L. WALMSLEY & CO,
@orPlemW .cum.
UIUL 0IIfI11118 IlCIICAII5
1e4Id 31., New Orleams, La.
-dele la
PIeu IW mn, I .NK M eA., La
JOHN L. GILs
CoTTON fACTOTORs,
gmsin' rw sa PRODUCE, I
? i
3..
CHILLS, FEVERS, DYSE'rESI-A
Fmale Disorders. Poeprod b.
The Home Btters Co., St. Louis,
Prescribed By Petit Phyviclans,
and 8i1d ijy CUaaors Cvorvwhoroe
gtAURIE &McCLATCHEY'S
lOMCEOPATHI
D OME~STIC MEDICINE. -
lj Ei9hh Elltion: lolI pp.L
h al t 3ttanaecia' p 53. t",ltrr Z & 'IAPZI,_
Zsew Yorrk, Pli ia~~d vwterkasal.
'h]! I. the ntot omtpite mnd t-l':prehi',,.wi e work on
Sh+ ubj eet in Ute English Ilagotge. t.nlca mttp fir dii.
liripiivie proes riirrtt ,f tllhid ad ,,thi.r thh..k.a. r rs
lh6P..KC. a T'r.wl., Jlomaaaopethic Ihminrauiy,3 w, d
IhIrtet, %irw Ories.i.
S$100, $200, $500,Do $1000
I Ik.:----r S. '[ :'". ]"l 'IIII\Esli,\.M & (0,
IFmrale 12 W all Ntrrtt, Dew r ork. mako
a.rhe, ioe l.ll sttec k, which freqicltst
ly pay fr ,i t to twytv timne. the amount itt
vYo'sha. sti,,k. hlioaht tai; carried ao long as do
pincul on ds.p,. lt of tlrc,. f'r ,rciit. Expitcratlor
D rr rrrnR. BUTTS
No 1~l , II a, llEIhh 81.
8I - louis, Mr,.
Wih o has had IveIe ezp, ism In the treatment of the
mnlls triltelm Ifbuth Ilih slid P sle than aicn phyqelan
in thi l Wed, I Dwe. ti r rrt.Ie of io Ilu Ela iu.emdfnl
prtscc an mahe t w~easJ, pabhlabcLQ, esathtle4
The PHYSIOLOCY OF MARRIAOI
The PEIVATI MEDII iL ADVL II.
I.Reoo thlat Imfrally rOnd pIrPe lf- lmtaeb ia 1as
Stsr. prtaninil ti lhord anl Wemanoh.d. and utpply
ailt? Islig 'lit. They grse Iemsltbly lltaairrlmld.scnd in pl~eR
Ia.jtillaage, e.siJyly ,hitrrht . Thae two book. eanrace 545
, ,I rO nt(' meahndo I n.m JhelmHma. on br both lnrr e.mtad
Thlgle, ilth miost rtrentnptm vene nt. ndiall n tre aln ent
R edW hstoltr Itomlepler.av: "TrleknowledJetmlirted
itn .Me.ith new wrk is Ie uno wayof uetionable charu.
eater h ut is marrnlt nf t  ie n d md he s. Thr
Wz &l .o t ihe m lt h uta l Jndiptleto m. i tmeao3t sa
parfrtl n heatlthy maywbe twitth an o in
of la and hes Woaucmht In aIetaog
I-can tae manyw lls he mr Iais eIe.J
"-Mt. Lot/i*.1n1n.lL. ou Mo.
,glutal Plrlrn--P sel. much
bhth in one Vnltnae, (Il; in rloth anto h
tl t rIte.set bt l eent an ma n t, phyin
-alepofja lamoneyou tmnase,
lth s he n lt of thIsloe aOnd succe1
fratic n Barham's infaellible
Th hYeOLG OtFmd MARAt h 1 etm.
S IPILE CURE.
tweerainnrtolensn ismt memdnteamsandsmumh
--2 U" Itaern filt 1ta ernie Nemeeehtelj
nrile.. shea m e hv pat ba
ltrdlIon fl ispensary,
..n01 N .. 'rek It., (.'hl insr~e, Ill.
al r,,w t. i t, r Ecn Al. Ai ts tllesitr er l.nki ent i
,it. th~i~l'tAI, bthnriir tt~ ~.uarn e'ittrtiic.
b ta n ii oev l il Lr , tr,.1 ic. l ilh ln A
P n 11Sf lath:I. &e., u~llert' U)bdItI hm ins
-·a r e' i, pmtlulMll IAISVIIiW..'l·PIIII'LL'
O:  ll rllY. FtI'Ko &t., rwli,|P~rllll 3tUlllll
giIlll,.d.~iil w arr t unde r ealr . Pom|.h+
geep fp io 18 toaney ior I ltam h tlymt iri
i thil . itn~.iiar.temey of t -ae . authtest.r
,, a4 IIK,', t ulta. Ilt+ I tlI.ItI;K lt 'Iak tin IfE\l'l.
rIPJlnIAT N ot 't'.'I l I nll, IlB.lIha 'siTFD llnOatinle
bi-ith Ihit a.l t nir luruir .,l lbsthhl. Price 1AtS . Lihi.t
45 5tm fir Mslmtle Hlh),rtsali (ilia e. ,i Exprh .
PRESCRITIOT FRE
lutir lhi |i1 ly 4 tnl ' itr't, tllit ll,| Wi'oltklau, I iett
Mollttllt i l dt rh- alS itlatlrit rn ght t ta tt y Ilglh.l
eretion or Exitma. Aly I)lger iiut h:ll s the lamIeF- .
doi-lltaq. Adashl ilSm. S. JepleFtles * 6
S1,'@ .nrk tf him o, IIla
"_ WR4 iMrlrt hIlrt. l r ('Ir eroltC e
AIreet~cSNEXCAlA~tl~rrIUtilb.kMi
,in_~ ch lies Main, ofT.u Plevrlvr
A Ilysteryv Solved.
The (renteRpl Jledlical Trirnpl.h ot
Moderh. imesR! The Mitsllerious
h notnel ssf I iwoerne )iseorer mhd,
a. L 'errain ('tire Prori
tlct. The StomOEh,
Lirer, ILd LoT, e tla
Itn e Centre of
lDiease.
PAR QX'S PU1GATI1'E PIILS
"Tie reant Anti.HlillIms. emnedy anti
Misnnmatic l)it,islver.
PARSON'S
PURGATIVE PILLS
Are the reelltt of lotg-etntinrledk n ien
tMb ltvlati~ation, itlitl itre rVitrriugtiittl to
cirn ao: xceiss aruiginasti tig in tre
StomaRch, Lert, anld JIowels. Nogi
inlt pains follow thtrI~e ha'or hs P1111,
welsrrth nnda rt inflamned; but IKe
ief,. Ismmlinto relief. may he relited
upon. as a Common Family Physic
PA3lION'S
-IlGATIVe PILL s
tand naeqcnled I(foure thr world to-dty
;y varying the dlose acCOrding to dirmec
tions, Parsons' Purgative lila effectually
Pnrify the Blool and greatly allhviate,
If nloe ltirhly cnre D fyspepia, Crofral
or King's Evil, Ros. Earysiiela or t
AuThoe)'S Fire,, r.pt.iolus Rmd Eruapive
Diausresof the S kin, oalt Rheum. Tet
tier, Ringworm, Sores, IlWcii, Tmwars,
Morbiel iwellinl, Ulcer~tiong, iahples
and Blotchea o
£EttY Box WARRANTED5
ne.t Complete pattfl ath o seot uranteed
or ?o PaY.
Fnll direltions around each b re.
Pbytdsi·amsoppd lie matil, eel-pid,
fo< .hIO per btmm ml ,hysic
slvan ee. We wi.llrea tbe oPili to
oary relhble dsieggitd ew mrehat to ell2
An mummlsloiJo. Aeut wn, nted Eertve
D . JWe o & k l e
ter, IS6,A ·~ bpIr r l r
S lirtn'
an 81lIes
Miscellaneous.
VEGETINE
WILL CURE RHUMATISM.
Mr.. Albert ('rookr. the well known ,truli
f si*t anud vpot hlI il . " tan Sptiugy.,h. .1ft,. al
a a d u ll vis.e .v.ry on.' troubled with IRhmlha
ti-in t try \VE;ETINE.
Read His Statement:
Spriungvahle. Me., Oct. I*,, IIt:;.
AlItI. II. r. S r t t..' :
I ear Sir.-1itt.en v'.arts ago last tliI I IVas
take.n sick with rheinnatismn. wi unable to
move hntii the next April. Fromu that tnime nl
til tihre year aJgo this) fill tI sutllirc.t ive'rlyt hlilng
with rthlinatiins. S,, .etime there would be
wetks at a li. t hat I could II nt step oile' stt ;
thlltre attark'k wir,, splite oftetl. I slltti red every.
thiing a uiu 111n Ih. Ovier three years agi last
sptlrinL I reniiniiiced taking V'egetlinle anld til
lh.ed it vp untlil I hdl takiken seven hottlds:
hatllllg had no rhurllalism since that time. I
atlways advise every oit- Ithat is truinliled with
thieiimatisn teo try VGE'I'INE, alnd niot stfer
tlil. %ears ani I have dloline. This statementl is
rafllituiili aIs far as Mr. htevens is iotiererlled.
Youtls, etc., A LIIFlT ('RitiKEl,
Firm of A. Cookeir u C'o., o llrtggist Aplothelr ry
VEGETINE
HAS ENTIRELY CURED ME.
Boston. (kt., Imr;.
Mit. If. II. S'rnivEs :
hear Sir,-M-ly daughterlt . after hlaving a rvetItO
atItalik olf Whlloilling Cotlllgh. was lrft ilna Ifeeble
'Ie i of health liteinig aIlvised bly a friend she
trhied the VEGE ETINE, and alfter useing a fewt
bttles was fully restorted to heallrh.
I have been a gireat sntibrer troll Ihllhlilntisin.
I have taken sev lral bottles olf the VEl ETINE
thir this coimplaint. and nrn happy to say it lhas
entirely enlld eitl. I have rioim.neiil t hei. VEGE
TINE 1 to others with the saunce geiol riesult: It
is a grenat cletnitser anl plinritier ollf the bluhl : it
is plieasellnt to take andi I can cheerfully rieecomn
niteuil| It JAS. MORSltlE, 314 Athens street.
RHUMATISM IS A DISEASE OF THE
L000.
The blold inl this deelase, is funllll to contain
an excess 'f fibrin. VIEGETINE acts by centtl
vitlig ug the bloel fo its lisastd clnition to a
hlialthy cirrunilation. VEIETI'NE regulates the
bowels which is very inilmortant. One Ibottle of
Viget ine will giver relief, but to tflict a per
inallnentt cllur.' it miuinIst be taken r.egularly, and
liay takel sn'everal ilttles, especially in cases
'of hn;4 standingii. V'egoLt.te is sold by all
iltruggi.ts. Try it, and iour verdict will he the
s:me 1 is that of tlhioultilr Ilefoe yoi. who
say. .1 "I O!neverlil fo I so tlch relief as from the
ilus. oil' g.it lile," t hihll is n'lollluOilsed excl ive.
ly "of lit ks, l sts aind lii letos,
"Veygitine." salnt aIt rtestion phl lvirn, "has
no oqi.nu l :Ia a l.i i.ul liiritier. H earing of its
manyll wonltderfull cures, alktr asl olther ren.e
dlies had failed, I visited the laborlatory andI
o,lunviitce-'.l liys'ltl t ot its genluiie ut-rit. ri It is
prepatri. ftirom barks. roots anlld herbsl, eactth of
a hcllh is highlv elffictive., andl they arei, cornl
piotIed iel klit ih a llannlller as to IirodllHuce asI
lotuishing resuits.
VEGETINE.
NOTHING EQUAL TO IT.
South Salem, Mass., Nov. 14, 178t.
Mr. II. I. Stevens:
Diear Sir-I have been tronbled with Strofa
la, Can:ker and Liver Complalint for three years;
olthitig ever did me any gol d utlil I coumilenc
.nId usilng tihe Vegetine. I alm now getting
along first-rate, anld still using the Vegotine. "I
consider thlere is notlrling equal to it fir such
colmplaintis. Can heartily recluno endl it to
everylaloy. Yours truly.
MRS. LIZZIE 1M. PACKARD,
No. 16 Lagrange street, South Salem, Mass.
VEGETINE
VECETINE.
PREPARED RT
I. I. STEVEIS, l OSTOI, I18
Vegetine is Sold by All Druggists.
PARIS, 1878 AT illRY
SWEDEN, 1s78 WORLD'S
PHILADA, 1876 EXPOSITION
SANTIAGO, 1575 FIg 2 LS
VIENNA, 1873 I IGII HE ST
PARIS, 1876 HONO 8s
Have been awarded the
MASON I HAMLIN
CABINET ORGANS
At the Paris Exposition this year they are
awarnnlded the Gold Medal, the highest re.
compeice at the disposal of the jury.
They lhave also receivedt the Grand Gold
Melal qf Sweden ant Norway, 1878. No
other American Organ have ever attained
highest award at atly world's Exposition.
oltl for caslh or paymentI, by installment.
Latest Catalognues with newist styles,
prices &ce., free. Mason & Hamlin Organ
Co., Boston, New York, or Chicago.
AGENTS WANTED FOR
DI IAll'S NEI 3001?!
FROM
DARK TO DAWN.
In this new volunme the Popular An
thorof Night Scenes in the Bible lotrays
with vivid and thrilling fores and eloqu
encet the events of Sacred Trnths, and
dlls f'resh testimony to the beaullty, pa
thles and sublimity of the Stories of the
Bible. Agents will find this Book with
its sparkliig thoughts, glowing style,
beansifol Engravings, and rich bindings,
the best in the market. Terms Libral.
Circulars free. Addremss J C MeCurnly &
Co., St Louis, Mo. Nov 1C.4w
PLASTER.
A WONDERFUL REMEDY.
There is no .eompsrison between
ad the comad slow aeting porous
plaster. It is in every way superior t
i other external remedies Incldnding
ninments and the so-called electrical
ppliances. It contains new medical
meants which in eombnloation with
bber, posses the met extraerdinar
in relieving. strenghning and eU
aive properties. Asy Phyi ella i
our own locality will eo r tnm
hove etatement. For Lame Bee
bumatism, Female Wealkness, Stb
Io and Net Coldsand Conh
Issed Kidisneys, Wheeping cough
eetion of the heart, anll al l is
hich paser plasters are need, it
mply t bels known rermedy. As
(r Bnol'sparl Porous Pla
take ee dher. o byI hall Dr.
Task..; !ol
5. a t 413rcep
u LA. BRSNIDE'S B.L,AKAIAV'A.
The blunder that made FIredricLks.
burg liun,,uoratblh,..-Chihrghiug inlto
the g;iate. of )eatlh-The Pto
tnuu... airmy led ilnto a
slaughter-pen- The FIa
nolus stormilug of Mt'
ry&e' Heights.
(New Yok Star.]
On the remloval of .McClellan in No.
veumblr 1 142, one of his corps" com
manders, General Burnside, was
dphled in commuand of the army of the
Potomnlle, tllen near the litile town of
Warrenton, and occupying the same
ground from wliclh General Pope had
been *driven two monl)ltihs previously.
General McClellan remained over
three days for the purpose of initia
tlug the new General-in(-Chief in the
pending plans and owpratinbs, after
which hie hade farewell to the army
in a tformal address. His departure
was greatly regretted by the soldiers,
who had learned through the most
trying ordeal to put implicit eonfi
dence in his military nanagement,
and they could not refrain fromn mis
trusting the inexperience of his suc.
cessor, especially in view of the dis
astrous episode furnished in i'ope's
jumpniug career. General Burnside
hand listened, apparently with ap
proval, to the plan to advance on
Richmond along the Gordonville, Rail
reInd route, but being extremely amn
hitious to raise a noise in the world,
lie himself had from the first planned
an attack, and he manifested the
greatest eagerness, to execute it re
gardless even of Halleck's influential
suggestions from Washington. His
plan was to concentrate the army in
the immediate neighborhood of War
renton, to make a small movement
neress the Rappahannck as a feint,
with a view to divert the attention of
thle Confederates, and lead them to
believe that he was going to move in
the direction of Gordonsville, and
then make a rapid movenlent of the
whole armny to Fredericksburg, on the
nortlh side of the river, in order, as he
contemplated, to surprise Lee and
gain a foothold at a point nearer
Richmond than he would be with his
forces even if he should take Gordons.
ville. At the same time Washington
would be well covered to the satis
faction of the military impresario in
that city, and moreover his base
would he safer and handier when es.
tablished only ten miles away Fred
erickburg, or at the odmodious Acs
qua Creek laisnIi oAt the PINtont
This plan was most faulty in concep
tion, and furthermore, was most
blunderingly carried out. It was
bnsed on the superficial idea of gets
ting froum and around Lee's army,
well on to Richmond without a battle.
This absurd notion, by the way, had
never for a moment entered MlcClel,
Ian's head. but it did prevail with
every General-inClhlef the Army of
the Potomac had, excepting McClellan
and Grant. Both on the Peninsula
and in Maryland McClellan started
straight to meet his antagonist, and
from his frst great fight at Shiloh,
Grant had had sufllcient perspicacity
to see that there was no use trying to
win victories by stealing away front
the enemy and making a show of cov.
ering vast territory and capturing
material spoils, but by going righlt at
him wherever met, and killing off his
soldiers. This reasoning correetly
located the Confederacy in its men
under arms-it wans and could be no
where else.
In aeeordance with the new plan of
eampaign, the Army of the Potomace
was hastily massed and marched to
Falmouth, a picturesque little village
on thle north side of the Rappahanb
noeck, nearly opposite the town of
Frederieksburg. At Falmouth, Gen
eral Burnaide arrived during the
closing days of Noveimber to find with
dismay, on looking from the Stafford
Heights aeross the River, that Lee
had been ahead of him, and had al
ready stationed a siPefient foreeat
the threatened point, namely, Fred
ericksburg, to dispute his advance
and deliver battle in hehalf of the
safety of Richlmond. In fact, the
would-be surpriser found uimeelf a-Ir
prised; but this would have bean of
slight consequenee if such saor~
sightednesa on the part of the new
General-in Chief had not clearly
foreshadowed his terrible mistakes
that were to follow on his ehosen
ground. For over two weeks the army
was unable to cross the river oa;u to
a lack of pontoon bridges; meanwhlile
Lee, in tihe rear oer Fredericksburg,
was left free to fortify and get all
tlhings in complete readianess to deliv.
er as crushing a blow as possible when
the eoment of battle should arrive.
The very damaging delay in securing
pontoons was the first token of disas
ter. Instead of sending to Washing.
ton capable ofitcers to see that tile
necessary means for 'crossing the riv,
er were dispatehed without an in.
stant's delay, Oenerl Barnside trust
ed to tle Washdington authorities,
who, failing to be impressed with the
argency of his demand, had leisurely
sent tle pontoons overland, instead
of by water, to Aequla, where they
laid one whole week without attraet,
Ing any notiee during the eager bent
after tbem, and even when found
their slow haling by oxea to Staeord
Heights required wo days. On a.
naily reacshing there General Blrom
side immediately ordeied them to its
semad for the beildiag of eaveur
bridges aerea the aswift, deep river,
as he had deoided a throwing his
army over Into Piasdeickbolrg.
Onthe igbt of bthe IOth of alDccs.
ber three bridges wae amerseed to
be throw ever the iver; Iin thprogle.
ccitonof trmk tb+hi· hui.
%ueuuby) Oeplei
mandld the plain an w dis'
fyi. iII re':rl lo t i.inilt ge'Inen'il lies.is
i ll my Wats iirlW n1 ill in a sitiring lile
Of lfntliliations, extenldilng Aix miles.
Tilhe hilolnes of the town afinurded a
convenient coyer foir thie Confederate
slnirmiiiehe s, l.he.ed so its to pick off
1ant worry thlu, brildge-builders, who
einhl lhe distinctly seen iunder tihe
ibrilliiant moon1shine as MIny as bearv.
ers on tlIe" plntmoont bridges stretching
from ,tvt:lrld Ileighlts toward the base
of the hintlopposite. An hour's work
ilad stretehelt the blidges within sixty
:lyards of tihe Nnithern bank, l.wheln tlhe
Ciniltenll.rlltte companies of inlfsanntry,
placed i t anlltbuh, were ordered to
lire deliberately.
At the crlack of the rides the bridge.
builders seapelllled back. but the
next llmoment thiere was opened upon
tihe bluff a hail of shell, grape and
tlusket-balls, which was kept lup nun
til the skirmishers retired. Twice
again, however, the work was inter
rupted, but on a fmourth attemptat ob.
structian on the part of the reinforced
squad of Confederates, tile lire from
tle cannon and small arms on tile
Stafford side was so overwhelming
that nothing human could stand un,
tier it. In every instance in which a
soldier lying flat on the ground veno
tured to raise his head Ihe was riddled
by bullets or torn to pieces by grape
shot, sweeping from the nunmberless
batteries and sharlpsnhooters not 200
yards distant on the opposite height
short range, lather! About five
o'clock in the afternoon of the next
day, the I Ith, three rousing cheers
from tile river bank beneath the bluff
announced that at last the bridges
were completed, and that tihe Army of
the Potomac had successfully effected
a passage over on tile southern bank.
The Confederate skirmishing forces,
quickly pursued and pusiled out of
the town, left it in full possession of
their opponents. The ;effect of the
bombardment upon the town was soy
verer upon the property than the
lives of its citizens, the majority of
whom had long previously fled at the
destructive prospect, and wene at the
time of the passage of the river wan
dering tnrough the forests or over
frozen roads in search of new homes
or bare shelter.
Under cover of the darkness of the
night of the Ilth, and of a dense fog,
General Burnside ordered his forces
to cross. A small body was thrown
over sn the enemy's side, and all day
on the 12th the main body was cross.
ing and getting in position. The 13th
dawned clear, though a dim fog
shrouded the town and the adjoining
valleys, delaying the opening of the
antagonistic batteries, both sides
were now prepared. Lee had been so
well informed by his scoute, that by
two o'clock of that morning his
troops were all under arms, and his
batteries in position to receive the
expected attack. The river, in its
course from west to east, is skirted,
just at the point where Fredericks
burg stands on its southern bank, by
low crests of hills, which, on the
north bank, run parallel and close to
tile water, and on the south bank
tend backward, leaving a semicircular
plain six miles in length and two or
three in depth. On the southern ber
der of this plain a range of low hills,
covered with dense oak forest and
partly fringed by pine thickets, runs
parallel with tihe river. The entire
length of this forest was occupied by
Lee's forces, mostly behind formida
bleearthworks. -Tine Federal forces
oeeupied the valley mon the side of the
town, their light batteries posted ino
advanee.
At noon the fog lifted, leaving tile
atmosphere hazy, and about dais time
the Federal infantry moved to the at
tack of the Confederate batteries ean.
sconeed on the tange of hills already
mentioned. As they pressed over the
valley they were enfiladed by Con
federate batteries out in the open,
though protected from euh fre uas far
as pMossible by the heavy gone on tIhe
Stafford side. After an Ihur's mareh.
ing and halting thie batteries on both
side slacekened, and the etrash and
roar of musketry and dense volumes
of smoke proceeding from thie skirting
woods and intervening thickets plain
ly showed that the decisive shock of
battle was finally joined. The at
taceking columns of infantry were re
pulsed, then rallied and repulsed over
and over again.
After the fnrinau damhing of those
doomed infantry coloumns against
Lee's earth tralls and lines, there
was made, at a point whlere the lat
ter were not distant more than 400
yards from tile town, tile most re
markable and brilliant of all thie va
rions Federal charges. This point
was known as "Marye'. Heights"
(from the hill passing over the farm
of a citizen so named); it was very
steep, and admirably defended by a
picked artillery battalion, while in
its front there was not snffieient room
for tihe Federals destined to its at
tack to deploy and form, except in
tine face of the most Ileadly fire, but
yet at this point General Burnside
obstinately insisted that an attack
should Sn hurled, despite tile remon
stranees of General Hooker, who
specially therefor crossed over to tihe
Stafford side, where tie General-io.
Chief's head.quarters were during the
action. And so here it was that the
most heroic devotion in tihe day's at
tack was displayedl to tie honor of a
race that has lef) testimonies of it.
rlantry in such stories as Water
[sadn Footen a , To the Irlsh di
visio emmanaded by Geeneral Mea
her wa priaedlu commltted the
t~lt k ~raog out of the
owa of al Ad~r arg nd formang
ander t withdering Ire of tine Con.
federate batteries to attak "Mlarye'4
Heigtgn towering immedlateiy In
their front.
Peitlg to them as te patest
asshed .them foresr. A.y
ra MI, tinshpedng atIuley twi
served it re mrnil they rived with. i
in 3i3l .ards, w el theil ltea. y'.tini et.s
were openedl on with grape and c.4'n
inter; at the irlstL irolslliide of the
tixlteen gnus of the blattalionl, lhul
drelds of the Federal troops went
down, and at each successive dis
charge great furrows were plowed
through their ranks. 'rhey staggered
repeatedly, butt were it often rallied
and brought forward. Again and
again they made frantic dashes upon
the steady line of lire, and as often
were the lhillsides strewn across with
their corpses ; but, at last, no longer
able to withstand the consuning lire,
they broke anld tld in confusion,
pressed into the town by thie Con
federate infantry.
With the rolt of this darinig charge
the Conlfoderate victory along the en
tire line was complete. l)arkness
had set in over the ghastly field at
thie foot of "Marye's Hleights," a
frigltful spectacle of carnage, and at
some other points literally pIacked
with heaps of the wounded land dead
of the armly whlich General uornside
had so conflidently in the monrning led
to a disastrous defeat ! Owing to the
various accessories of the fighting,
the Federal loss was out ot all pro
portion to thiat of the Confederates;
in killed and wounded it amounted to
8,000, while the Conlfederate footedl
up only 1,8tL). Satisfied with sulch
economy, Lee did not desire to take
the risk of attempting to shove his
opponent into thie river-and for not
so attempting he was greatly, though
perhaps rashly, censured iia and out
of hii army. After remaining over
one day in the town the Army of the
Potomuc recrossed and resumed its
safe quarters under the protection of
the heavy batteries on Stafford
Hleights.
POLITICAL HOROSCOPE.
The Herald man lets out some His
tory-As It looks to those
on the greoud.
REPUBLICAN POLICY.
Persons are less discussed thian
politics at this time. The republi
cans came here pretending to be
united for sound currency, and were
inclined to make that their platform
in 1880. But they presently dilcov
ered that not only are they not united
on this question, but many even of
their professed hard money people I
are weak in the knees. Messrs. Bur
chard and Fort, who are attacking
the national banks, represent, it is (
seen, a pretty formidable element of 4
republicans given over to silver and I
other currency delusions and not in
clined to bhe put down. Mr. Blaine,
who travelled extensively throulh I
the West and Northwest during the I
fall, gained probably a realizing sense
of this fact, and it is this, perhaps, 4
which led him to put .himself, and, so I
far as he could, his party, upon a re. I
vival of sectional agitation and sits- I
picion.
OOD ADVICR TO BLAINE.
It is part of the gossip of the day
tlat when Mr. Blaine came here last I
month he exchanged views on the
situation with some Southern men of
nfluence and sound judgment, and
that he was urged by these not to
bring in his resolution, but to openly
abandon the Southern question, lend I
his influeaee to a reorganization of
the Southern wing of the republican
harty by drawing respectable and
nentialmen into its leadership and
declaring himself boldly in favor of
reconciliation. He was told, it is
said, that the democratic partyl in
many or indeed most of the SoutlIern
States is so ready to split to pieces
thalt nothing but the iniumical attitude
of tim Northern republicans holds it I
together; that the appointment of
respectable ad influoential men to
the important federal osles instead
of msuch odious persons as Wells, An.
derson and otlhers like them, if cou
pled with a bold and outspoken de
claration of sympathy and friendship
by a ntan of Mr. Blaiae's iafluenee in
his party, would ereate at ontoe a
formidable and respectable new re
publican party in thie Soath and car
ry off I arge part of theim white vote,
and that if, on top of this, ie should
take the lead in a movement for tihe
Mississippi levees and a moderate
advocacy of ocean subsidies and in
ternal and harbor improvements in
the Souttero States, a policy to
which he is on general principles be
lieved to be favorable, hIe could se
ecre for himself not only tIhe entire
Southern republican delegation in the
convention of 1880, but the electoral
votes of five or sis Southern States,a
and greatly benefit the whole country
by ending alarm and agitation and
creating two white parties all over
the South.
ADVICB UNHEEDED.
This report rests on pretty good as.
thority, and it is well known that Mr.
Blaine has always been kindly re
garded by many Southern men who
believe that at bottom he is not ill
disposed toward theou and that at
any rate, as they often say, lie is the
b'est and tie moet kind-hearted i f
the republican leaders. But if iis I
true, surely their is a great poverty
of ideas among thie republican poli- g
ticians when one of their foremost
men lacks either thie boldness or the 1
faith to seize such an opportunaity.
Mr. BlaRine ahose to reject thliese sig.
gestions and to commit his fortunes
to a new sectioqal agitation. He Ia
shrewd, bat lot i far-sibghted man.
Hehar done What he could to4li hisi
party to the stat l sue .e: "tho
Soouth," sad he ,qmv have jadg$
rig tliy dolg aT. r the c qlss
~Idt which his pouvement was treat.
I the republican Seniatrs arose
largelj out of a jestasy of !is pin
domianee. At sly tiite il'iijenb,
smug eo ledin arsa of hislr I
ael, o rC hy aere
s new ideas. On the contrary, they
- display a singular horror of a.new
e departure; they fear all new ques
- tions, and, so far as one can leirn
t here, know no other way to winln
S18,30 except to alarm and array the
I North against the South.
AMONG THE DEMOCRATS.
Among the democrats there has
i been a good deal of quiet but earnest
i discussion about the future. When
s Congress adjourned last Juno the
r Southern democrats had been per
,s anded that their true policy for 1880
, was to ally themselves with the West.
S'The Western demuorats, of egurse,
zealously fostered this notion, bht
e they demanded their own terms,
- which were, that the Scuthern yUg
a of tnhe party should join them on te.
t sisting resumption, in abolishing the
s national banks and in the support,
t generally, of the greenback move
I ment. It was in consequence of this
I bargain between the Wiest and the
South that the Southern democratic
I platforms almost all favored the most
extreme currency delusions and thbt
so many individual democrats, of
.whnom better things were expected,
becase they were known to have per
fectly sound currency views, serpris
ed and exasperated their Nlorthero
friends by submitting to or standing
on greenback and inflation platforms.
Mr. Thlumman because tie head end
focus of this alliance, but fall eleo
tions seowed the Southern men that
he and those who urged hida on had
totally misled them as to the strpugth
of the movement, They saw at ones
that the fall campaign which they
had nuale at the instance of their
Western allies for soft money had, in
fact, seriously endangered the debjo
cratie success in 1880, and Itlis no
secret here that Senators Lamar and
Butler, who persistently resisted this
movement, are now acknowledged
by their friends to be justified, by
events. A further Western alliance
is now out of the question. 'the
Southern nmen most of wbteilt.wbre
originally for sound money, atr re
turning from their' wanderingsnd
are considering whether they aft ot
surer of prosperity for their own Mpo
tion and of success in 1880 Af they
shall form an alliance with the es't
ern democrats and unite with these
in placing their party firmly oq,wpat
are called "old democratic prinei
plea."
TE nRAMS AND Tr un0oUT.
The argument is that the iseU and
the Soqhi united can control the
convention in 1880 and carry a sound
platform; that the nominatibaoflan
unexceptionable man, one In whose
character and principles tie North
would have confdenee, onli. g pod
platform would give a better dibce
of carrying tihe country tham; nay
other way that offers, and that, in
fact, virtue may turn out to be more
profliable than a multitde of greean.
backs.
Privately some of the Southern
men acknowledge that they did not
comprehend the real meaning of the
greenback movement until they found
themselves part of it. Then they
discovered that the .greenbiikers
meant nothing less than repudiation.
"1," said one of these men, "did not
mean repudiation, and the people.
generally have no suca theught, ad
when I discovered what it ialdly
meant I drew out as quietly as I
could and made up my tmind to have
no more to do with the greenback
leaders, but to help get th eeountry
Iback to souud money uas fast as posI
ble, for this thling is too dangerous to
be trilled with."
I.EsSON OF TIHK FALL CANVASS,
Thie experience of the fall eanrasM
ihas therefore given the 8outherm
demoeratie leaders eause'for serieos
thought and for earnest eonaltation.
What they will flnally agree em r
mamns to be seen, but it is certaimly
possible tlhat thley will see that their
true course Is a close alliane with
the Eastern wiug of their party and
thie adoption of Eastern and not
Western ideas and policies. This
would include, of course, an abund.
onmenet of all currency delusions, sad
opposition to every part of the ear
rency progranmme of the West, with a
union on new policies whichl wonea d
force thie old questiobs out of the
way.
Itimidatieon.
[Cincinunati Enquireo)
Thie Rochlester (N. Y.h Or7iss ad
Advertiser reprodluees the 'fellowsnt,
reminiscence of tIme campaign rf a.
It is a coPo. of a eireular aent on tmoe
eve of tie election from the head.
quarters of the "Howe Sewiog Ma.
chine Company ."n RochLester, to timhe
agencies and ollees of pho Company
in New England:
"RocnlesTER, N. Y., Nov. 3, 1876.
"To TIiE IUTIAAND OFFICE: We
winh you to discharge any of year k-b.
ordinate who votes the )Demsoetfie
ticket. We believe that the sneeses
qf the Democratic party will be lhe
rauin of our country asd boness and
will not support any oneht, will i ot
stand by as in this. :Tfi dais'ehetg.
,e bcteCee the in"tdigut and respect.
iable portioa of the coaumia and Ike
the cities. '":
"Mr. STOCK WELLt fully 'oleare aa hVi
ne lu the above. ,
Gteo. 11. lrTTlsowe,
"Write to all year ..get.io, ith
albie efeet and weat awe t ... '
uor. B, PIgt .'ge
It wasu mo-et hi j gV l ierl
yet, we believe Gpi-~m.
vestigatio was.