taking thu' ,ceMsIs is placed *tn the
ofuthe repuritiblp. party, wlic
1idorb**Ie b)Wulrt.t to aor
their own politiesa-designs, it is im
itrrtiba t every-bbpneholdt should
d its fuill duty, 'anilrnlt allow thf
lnaserative strength t'be ti''nder
ated by 'their oiwn efault or failumc
a~dnMefo th4 reqnirements of law.
.Ilt'`ate not be lost 'sight of :that
tl'e republjictin party. will seek to vin
iratoe & iihe asit. -ist.:.itatibn iy the
j, ,ocRALe AT'O CONSERVATIVEil
,:gf'lt CENTRAL COMrIrITT E,:
.,,*New Orleans, 'A pril 29, 1875,
:.-+ 0lu` tituiu'f Louisiana re
~ ,the Cenasus to be taken this
r., l Ih ..ork lai already beeu
cummeuccd in the city..
Sdalie Mine plan is adoptedLin the
,sotr~as in the city,. ench honse
1 Will 1e fnrnished wiitl'a blank
ito ble tilled and returned to the
r t;eeer. These blilatkaarte "di
deiif columnis for the iiames,
-WS ,. color, number of.oteris
pf.the family, servants, :elmplhy,
I-= jikpersous actually' composing
npgisehold; and this. enumeration
llfibe the basis of the aplprtion
~it- ,of:Represestation 'which the
LelatOre, ;t the 1Aext session, miuta
i befote any 1a* cadn ibe passe'd.
oa ll wdily pierceive thereforg
i aPpIe:l f bivving the. Cens~ae
rotaken that it rshall shouacurLate:
4,t8aenmatberiof each race, and the
eti * vifceach ; and It the 'Blank
iiroperly filled this object
i . . ... li h,
$ to i ,tQo,ifequently, an th-i
L ,on.o ttio'part of many per.
, wo do piot oouider the imjpor
-jpoofso correct enomneration, to
give the necesqamr information t-i the
t~eercliargedwith takingthae Cen
igi ti(it, the diffllclty is increased
by the fact thnt moidny householders,
prtieularly among the colored popu
ation, cannor witto ;nd of those
'who can wtite, many atf1 wholly un
4IUens is reuir 's.'
W 1ikWs'orab&o' appitebend
Yaemrif this plinlenobargdswithi
'taking tlheJiou3iUl ;TgiAg be com
petuaiAthatgrarmater, ~wijl be
.oamittedzby:.whielpe*e of the most
M id~ l objeetso, they aseeithitiig
with accoraihal~higi jug capacity qt
t`o"t aftentiton, haerefore, 1s-tes
fl~oie iihit Th; this' abj.lct;ihd
pn ~acer requested to serest
lthe ope I the.*good ,cltiAis
a4 etri, ho lul al~t ,f praetieable
 e =th~ er othe erauipe+atibn
an ' !P4 .oie , le btPelation
ýte corndeta Blais. ,
nd , 1 Ioperly}l
AV *r e4 idiera·ion 'in`f r-'
se vame alddri es ate rcOd itadet
f Y ieSWtesnltcheieringfmanm
tl'f -Whit'K, ' .baer,of .Colored,
the beat effrt.0 oe $eakov' t and, f
nf'i :iti!!f oat dertal (ianit en
m ,TiriutRerS, en . Sjieeula
! h t r· o- ther
Liontfº" fhtin.thieNe
o =i 1 samcbie work, a% other
'1
its
13i1, dt
t ~anspde 'I the
_iiw :
ad~i . ..·
_'4
r:rýýý "
s'N
be o:
SIiED GCrnAT1..-llona.but rye in market whib
is quoted at. l:i7 pr buhellf.
Ilios TIEs.-The market is in good supply.
Thte a o itshld d ait and the ,button gt Ic.
A chriSoet. ChoieJ L is be
ing sold al--; Irimo at 90c. plf gaTh ini Iy the
kej $S 0"Iit 9 50
CoAr. Ol.--If ti gobýlnplply and is hold at
50e- per gallon.
Ton tc'o.--Sopply g'oil. Good medium is
q aotdl at.5JC.'ait Blir .rigJt at 9~.el7I ;E por
IHuId.-,
(o6,1Sl-Tlh snInily is lniuited and demanfl
gntod PT'ime at ti and'choice at -
RNIc.-- n t~;trolina in market. Louiniana is
held :ls o. per pond .
SCo.. in good slupIly but no domand.
so·-'-xtra li e 91 bar I. Oc,
SUG1A-t-onisaiian ivritme is quoted at ':- vel.
Inw' olaridied'c;. crushed and powdered i
15c.
Wirrtyr;.-White and Red prA held ate $ 5n
per gallon; Bonrbon commands $5~; 50 pit·gl
lon..
SirOT.-Is in good supply with fair demand and
snl't t S*t7l rnsack and -bck str at 3 .- .
at . . I iitt .  el.
NEW ADYFRTISEMEINTS.
REVEP OR 'A.
Dissorution of Co-partnership.
T  CO-PA NKIHIP -heretofore
T existing between WuanAnIe & IKaF'lI.e
is this day dissolved by, itiitl conseiif.
S. Wiuiharg assumes all tilWliabilities of
said firm, and all jlcbts dua said firm will
be paid to him ibrthwith.
S.: w.INBARO.
H. :KAFFA.
Natchitoches, Lai May 8, 1875.
MARTIN & MITH,
-STEA M
SAW- MILL,
Six miles south of thecity of Natchi ches
Atntb milr,r ,t... ..... ..0~ d1400o
Delivered in town, tr .,.........14.00
WV E TAKE pleasare in informing the
V public that we art prepired to take
CONTfýlI'4 to build eahrii%, furndshing
thre'or. aiamber, mniterial 'and laboru'at
very low 'rateis.
.. , 16 bXC 'TAGE,
with galt'ryi 4x18 feet, eomplete4 shin.'
gled roof, pnt'uipfor$125.00 -.
BOX COTTAGE, 12x15 feet, with gal
lery, conripltoteiut up for .S100.;.
SPlaniterl nduobthers will find.it to their
ient est'tofverw.e Hnll.
.'Orders "ltt.'at this oflos or withl Louis
ilpleirx, ill meat.with, prompt att~r'
tion.
MIARTIN &SMITH.
A Rare Opportunity Offered to
F; rmers of Limited Means.
I AM OFFERING to sell the folliwing
I described parces:of land oathe liberal
terms set forthLbalot.:
' One tractef 378 acres, situated twelvq
miles south east,f the city of l1cbit10
ches, and about one mile iwest of Old
,River. Two td4red!sates idzlesofence,
'ne hundred and fifty, acres open and
about one hundred in C.ultivation. this
year. The other improvements consist
of four or.Bive bg cahins, gin and press;
'small orhilard, with a. spring of fine
water. 'Good steam saw mill within four
mildof tWe place. I will sell,this place
at teo1 deoiain per acre; one sixtht: Bash,
the balance'in;i 1 2 3,4, and five years,
without interests: Fourfifths :of tbhi
place is. fine fresh llnvial river soil, anm
will 3ieid.40.to.50 buslhls of conr or a
bale of cotton to the acre
"..' iiiing. thbabove, I -have,583 ; acr
of the, same'. haraoter.of inlmitpro'l
land, ,whiol:J wibeell)at Ia..pet,;acre,r i
equal annual installments, withouttin-4
ferest.. , ý..
,I also have 320 hres sitnated lbetweemi
Jted River and Baygn Pierre, about six
miles from the city of Natchitoches,. all
tIne vtveriiattfm land, hat. is. termed
"Biokshtf' land, twolmundd ares open,
gin, cabins 'land.fencesir,amoet , entirel.
destroyed. I will iell thi place for Pj
peir s h, ONS per . acre, .one-ifth
I havqetill o er tract of 1 aci'
go vel hilnd, ds itiate p aibe
4 thebuovo escriiqdb e, andc i idý
diatelp h rand ore and Texas
rqm ¢ivo, ; efrom theceity of 1htchii
he land ll timbered with pine,
oak and hickor 4l... lpe'ioiient `'conisi
of #Itohble lh(d d*eit oube, log kitchen,
seiltkhouiepiifll orchard of figs, plump
and peaches, 12 to 15 acres of open land',
all the buildings- a little out oif pair,
ter ' thethis1 .. ab
, '.rest.'•
'argo
at 0 l ;c
DeitWdaa tak Na .
*ILM do l` St ,A i Oa :
S I
seese tkxu WrBy 9 T ec Ia
atvvref "
,i I 3·m L ~il
-WAOWWOWA
;c.
THE FMVilIT E 1108 IIEEI)?Y.
T1 Is eminently a Fa '11, Y liline; and by
h1 i,.g j epi t ,lkdpnt flnhianK t resort
will save in;y an hour of sunltring :and
imany a dollar in time andl dotors' bills.
After over Forty Years' trial it is still
receiving the most ulnqualified testimno
nials to, its virt!ues 10)111 persons of the
highest ch:raeter and responisil ili y.
Eliiniuent phiy.icians commllllellnd it as the
most
EFFECTUAL SPECIFIC
i' r all hlieae of the Lver, Stomnach
a bitter or bad taste in the mouthl
SPain ini thl Back, Sides or Joints, oftten
mistaken for Rlihematisri ; Sour Stoin
ach ; Loss of Appetite ; Bowls alternate
ly costive and la ; Heladache; Loss of
s memory, with a painful sensation of hav
ing failed to do somethiing which ought
f to have been doine; D)ebility, Low
I Spirits, a thick yellow appearance of the
Skin andsl esj o l l lrloplpifteu ~ 9 f n mis
taikenl for O'Olipsllpfion.
Sometimes niany of these sylmptolums
attend the disease, at others very few;
but the ,iver, the largest orgau in the
body, is generally the seat of the disease,
and if not Regulatsd in time, great sulf
fering, wretchedness and Death will en
5110
For Dyspepsia, Constipation, Jaundice,
Bilious attacks, Sick Headache. Colic,
Depression of Spirits, Sour Stomach,
Hart Burn, &c. .
TF Ohe"aenipe, Pty t ttil sPaiul
ly Medicine in the World!
Manufactured only by
J. H. ZEILIN & CO.,
Macon, Ga., and Philadelphia.
Price, $1.00. Sold by all Druggists.
March 27, lb75.-ly.
$50 REWARD.
V'TAS STOLEN froln the undersigned
N ire M rdt ea*v old q .h brai.,sre
collected, has the marks of an oldl istula
on the seoulder. I will give fifty dol
lars for the mule and thief, or twenty-five!
, dollars for the recovery of the male alone.
WM. M. LEVY.
April O--tf.
CONSUMPTION CURED.
'T the Editor of 'The People's Findicator :
ETIEXEMIE FRIEND: -
Will you p# ?m m your readers
I have a positld.
CURE FOR CONSUMPION
and all disorders of the Throat and
Lungs, and that, by its use in mny prac
tice, I have cured hundreds of cases, and
I% ill give
o$1,r00 00
for a case it will not benetit. Indeed, so
L strong is my faith, I will send a SAMPLE,
I FREE, to anly sufferer addressing me.
Please show this letter to any one yo
;may k v sho ,is suffri ors Jie
Sdissesand blige, a , i
Dr. T. F. BURT,
619 William St., New York.
March .--ly.
1875. AGAIN ! 187i
LOUISVILLE'WEEKLY
COUf tIfRtJOURNAL
Continues for the present year its liheral
arrangement, wherehy, on the 31st of
December, 1875, it will distribute inipar
tially among its subscribers,
$110,000
In presents, comprising Greenlbacks am
nearly one thousand useful and beautifu
articles.
The @1 i r l iuu k.ong-estab
iished, live, wide-awake, progressivej
newsy, bright and spicy paper.
No other paper otters such inducement4
to subscribers and clhb agents Circulari
with full particulars and specimen eop
ies sent free on application.
Terms, $2.00 a year and liberal offerd
to clubs.
SAddress, W. N. HALDEMAN,
Pres. Courier-Journal Co., Louisville, K
Any person suffering from the above
disease is requested to address Dr. Pried3
and a trial bottle of medicine will 1
forwarded by Express,
FREE !
The only cost being the Express char
ges, which owing to my large busines(,
are small.
Dr. Pr4 1 nd1e he iatment of
FITS OR EPILEPSY
a study for years, and he will warrant
onre by tbe use of his remedy.
Do not fail to send to him for a tri
bottle; 1% costs nothing, and he
SWILL CURE YOU,
no matter of hplong standing yo
ease may be, a other rem*
dies may have iled. "
Circulamrs and testimonials sent with
FREE TRIA i BOTTLE,
Be particular to give your Etpreess,
well as your Post Office direction, and
67 William Street, New York.
March 6.-lyb
Iinnott'. Line.
Spriag and Summr Arrangement.
Fort DeRussy,
And All Way Landingsi
L The AI Magnificent and faht
running alde-wheel pasUeDl3r
pacBet
a ART ABLE I
Dic Knnor, Maister.
Wm • ., ailtrniu Isia,. Grand
evsry Tnesday as I1s x., sad Ahexnsdrmi e y
- Wedneday at ix,.
The steamer
C. HE.- DURFEE, .I
will take the of the Bert ble i in
waer, and in.lae trade renlarlu t
WEEr LY Ai' DAIL; FOlR 1875
I p approie of thit,. Presidential elee
tiO, gte* )inusual otportEnee to ithe
evoints anir' developments of 1875i. We
sludi endetavor, t-lescribe .them fully,
faitihCilly, .auk f:irlersty.'
TILE W'REFAc i UNr. Atbs now. attain
e'l a o'ltlii)n of ;vero sevonty thon
sand ý"pieoi., Its r.ioders - t. ie'lnd in
evsu "Statee j"4 Territuori, and its quali
ty4si iwuill kuown to the public. We
1h,1Pii: otf'"lu etllitr to liep it fully
"up ttheIld sta'lftdml, but to improve
amud dt.o' ictt and rower.
' I tRjC N U wi continetl to
,ho'i lti ngh waNspesMlr. - AILthlie:'Vs
t oft4h dla ie l Ilu. win ii' ,c(l e~ns
1 e\en t1nithpi. tIn t _o i , tall' |hgth
whentiiof moment, and 'alwinys; We trust,
treated .in+ a clealn' interesting and in
I strectivtonuanwe:
It is oar aim to make the Weekly Sun
tle: best family. ne\mpaper in the world.
Itwill. be iull ,otr.ntertaiuing and aip
propriato reading of every roitt, but wvill
pritt inothing:to offend the most scrupu
hlob'is ij delicaite ta~to. It will always
contaii'tlie moot interesting stories and
rancinces of the day, ctarelally selected
adt legibly prinlted. " r; "
The Akirfnltural Dopartmient is a
plmitneut tfeature in the Weekly Sun,
and its, artiehui will. always be found
fresh and linfiel to the farmer.
The evsmber. of men independent in
phbiitl' is' indreasing, and the Weekly
Sun in their papor.especially. It belongs
to liv pharty, 'aMri obeys no dictation, eon
tending dtrfrheiple, and'for the election
of the ki4t men. -It exposes the corrup
tio~t "t l "'ldisgraces the country -and
tbeite tleid tsvArthrow -of republican
institutiouns: It ihAs ano fear of knawds,
and seeks no favors from their anpport
(* '' ; # , ..i( ". :
!Thle miurkts, of every .-kind. and the
fnabiolbs "are:regularly reported in its
culmnnsa'.
Theiptice of tlh WEEKLY SUN is one
dollar a year for a sheet of eight ipages,
and fifty-six colutmta, As this .barely
pays axpenres of paper and printing, we
arfridt able to make any diseonut or al
logw any premium to friends' who may
Af& Bienal Bfforts to extend its circula-.
tin.ivsUder. the new law, which te
;l4I Ipayment of. pnmtage- in. advance,
oee dg)pr , year3,wit twentyW ceuts the
colt. of p'ea'ijd postate uaided, js the rate
of stitscriltt,. It is 4o6 .icC(istry to
;gt~tl Gu n .order to hlave thq Week
''r t1 rotate. Any t~n'b iito sends
oiRe 1tildril t9i enty ont Wltk'llUget the
palll pa"ta..for a year.
.-We'Nale no t.ravtring -agents.
WErIKrLTo SUN. Eight pages,
fityJ:lx olnmunsia. 'Only $E1.0 a year,
pqtale  plepaid. ,p discount .,front this
rule..
THId DAILY SU. ' -A;argO four-page
nJ'psp.tier' 'Orf twoenty-ight columns
DhrilyJ riiotii `etr '1te 000.' All the
news Afo$ etitma: 8ibscription, posttge
PIIypai 55; entse a montMh, rr$650 a'#ear.
Tolclnlisiof:lO:or over,, adiscount of 2O
per cents : ...Addreeu.
-' ' :...¶EI 8UN,:New York City.
YL 1..... .L, 1 .'; .. . .
'OR. R 4875
.,a faake pleasure in anoutatin' to the
4uuIe otus ienu f b VINDi TOR
that w,- have. fºFcted ngenteuts for
the conttiuuation.of its .'t bilcition upon
a firmn baisis. The public are well aware
c.f161sdiiticcti ies v ytvlpriclvbJn C0n
i. servatce-b "pess of ý.ot ýlfad: I],or; the
I tfdiinons printirig law atsei 'by a parti
Anmt Legislatnre, solely to foktbr and up
hold;: st thie expense of th tax-lpayers,
jbnriialiKenlrely antag;ronistieal, to their
intereSt, andi at' watr pon: their lib:rties.
trod by foroiug, und$t the forems of law,
our citciens :to advertiseaoin these official
papers, to break down their pswer, the
OC4Aiervatlve and Demoeratic press; con
lequantly. we are compelled to depelnd
for slpport npmon the generons ocontribu
t lof P- people' alreadypovlety-strieken,
but),we feel 5asnred that they w411 not
fail to sustain ftheir. main power in the
war of ,irtiie agaiust vice;
The ,.Farlest White Il.'s Pres of
- - ' Loaisana.
'lhq ftprq'ar 6 oid toits par can be
jadgedfrets its past. Th..w~ i continue
te:drcate .tor;:weessthe. rights of the
.AiW ?4.,tht JAppeely .aud 4pOWbility,
ALONE, shall constitqo grqPnds for po
no h illtV hts
the rigtla"atilt itIti~tI itt fre willa
not fhA tdde t setsl;tieff Oy po
W6%lf+ h st et~itM tithl, .pi prty,
pnrt i d, l ysard defbed
the ,rinlito=+i Il i;,- ib litnest
ifl3 thtwhole b~---lleting that
we have 6ue fflelnt~ie iee in 'the
ea~uidpltik.e PEOPL illi htb past, we
cowldeitly -expeeW their support in thp
... ' ebliy hi$vane," :
S'-eae5 paid
l' ,J.l+ least.,., i d, iu Historica
) '", t .m . Pablishers.
-l* 4 )h
.dibll, U 031
Wedlnc 8.
k
rig ton,
ambrigo d P phis, the New
rket, pud Gen
of th Country,
SNew rk Mar
of e News,
par ent, add
tto
aa
y, on ee
..... ......3
ad
t to~lce
Ssent
b nder.
r r "jg,,i
4. - azw
A IiRepresentative and.Chaimpion qf Amerlail
Art Taste !
5 Prospctus foro 18T7i-Eigth yiear.
TIHE ART JOL'RNli OF AMERICA,
ISS'UET) MONTHLY.
"A Magni:fient Concltj ionl, w;oudirfuilly
-carried out."
The n cksit. of a popular, m'ilhrtn for
the representation of the presluvtiouu,of
onr great artists, lha always heeti redoag
nized, and iliany .attemnlt. have wbeen
aiilndo to mrnilt the wlalit. Thr' suvccesiv'e
failures whhicJ so itvalrillv followed oe..h
attemnpf in-this cotlntry to estalish an
art journal, did not provo the intiitlr
enclr' of the people of Alerica t -tlhe
claims of high art. tSol0tI., ';týti~er
aplpr'l-c(tQiUif tpft. l l lwant:i an, :in ili tv
to rmeA..ltt rote shownil, the ullice at
once rallied with etiitiutfis t .fto it, siul
port. lTid the result wari a 4h ald Irtihti'
anad 1eianoil triallph--TI FE .\LIN IF..
TtTE ALDINE, -hiliTe is;ueIl with aill thel
re~gularity. has none of the tempr:twr:v or
timiiely interes''t chl'nctehristic of ordi i ary
periodicals:. tlt i in cI'elit" m itistkill7ny
of pure, light ild gIraceful literature; and
a collection of pictnres, the rarstt specie.
nens of artistic skill, in black and whitAy.
Altlhough each succeediing numbei r atlorils
a fresh pleasnre to its friends, the w:ial
value and beoa"ty of the ALDINtj will.bO
most alip'reciatted after it i:'s leoon lbil]
up at the close of the oear. WIhile ot.htr
journals inart laire sulperior hell'altpes, aI
conutlpwad with rtv'lls of a sniilar class,
the Ai.tLDTN is ti uniqne itill original con
ception- alone and: unappri.ichealir alslo
lntely withont competithi, in price• or;
character. The iossessor of a comple- e
volume canlot dluplicate the quantity of,
fine paper and engravings in any other
shape or number of volumes for ten times'
its cost; and then, there .is the Chroto
besides!
National feature ofl THllE ALDINE
must be taken in no narrow sense. Trite,
art is cosmopolitan. While TIlE .AL
l)DINE is a strictly American institution,
it does not confine itselfentirely to the
roprodnction of native art. Itslmiaelion
in to cultivate a broad and appritclatiave
art taster,,oe that will discriminate only
oun grounde ,of intrinsic merit.' ,Thibls,
while placing before the pttrons.ofrU-1 E
ALDINE, as ta leiding char.lcteritie,,tlh
produlnctions of the most noted Aneorihai.
artists, attention will 'lways' be tiven to
specimens from foreign nlaMters, giving
subscribers all.the pleasure and instrue
tion obtainable from home or foreign
sources.
The artistic illustration of Amenorican
scenery, original: with THE ALDINE, is
an imiportanit feature, and its magnificent
phitles are of a size more appropriate t o
the satisfactory treatment of dethail.
than can be afforded by any .infierior
page. The judicious interspersion of
landscape,--mannte , figure, and animrnl
subjects sustaii-, al? aunalbated. intdrest'
imnpotsible where the scope of the .,tlro
confines the artitt too closely=.to asiala
style of anbjeoti... The literature'of TRA
ALDINE is alight and graceful aecontl
paniment, worthy ,of the: artistic ei-a
tares, with only sudch teehnicl .diaqrisi
Atioms t do not interfere with the popui
!it inleresbifo the wrks i.
,:. .Pr . aiia.or 18''g.
Every lsuscrihlr for 1875 will receive
Sboaeitifit portaiit, in oil. colors of the.
name noble ddi. " hose picture in a for,
mhr issue attracted so much attentioi,
"MA 1V'3 UXSEIY ISII FRTND"
,will be a woleomd in every home.' Eve
ryblody lovesesch a dog, and the portrait
is executed si true to the life. that it
seems the 'veritable presence of the ani
mial itself. The Rev. T. Do Witt Tal
nlage telil that his ownr Newfoundland
dog (the finest in.BrooklYn, harks at it!
.Although a, ndtntnl,. ill oanei'wlhd ees
this premiim cht6m6o: will have,,the
slightest fear of -dinibitten.: ' ' '
Besides the chrbnimi, veryv~ advancei
nublneriblr to THE ALDINE. ;ior '1875 is
conltituted a iieniber, and enttled tp
all the privileges of :
TH~E.LIdNE A BTNION.
The Union ownns the originals of all
THE ALDINE pictures, which, with
other paintings sqtd engravinli are to
be distributed among the monii6t.: To
every series of 5.000 imbseribers, 100 dit
ferent pieces, valtred 'it byver '2,500 altr
distributed- i soon as thid eerle-isAill,
and tlh awards "of each .iieris as made,
are tobe pnblishrdi it'dii 'tiext mnceed
nlg Issue "Of TI1El AiLDINlftIi'sIafei:
tiare olly applies to saubslierthiWhor pay
for one year in advead . Fu.ll ii(tien.
lara hl llreanlarsnt e todnalppliatil en
cloeing a itanmp; ':
n TE s al: -'1
One Subscrptioni, ealitiflmsJ to TfE
ALD TN e n year, ith Ohra o.
and the Art ',4i "4
8~,00oo per anniumin a tabe 
No charge for. postage.
Spe8imuCopies'of Tile lflf4, 50 et;.
The ALni.wmn ilhereaftaiboobtaine'ole
onlbyb subscription., There willlie il -
eduled or club-rate; caskh f'lsu4akcrip
tious must besentto thele'hiishiera direct,.
orl handed to ties local eanvasser, withouti
iresponsibility,.to tiapablitshrs, uanl ip
,ases whoere thbe-oeiticeat ise,givep, bear
ing the fp-sinieile~iaiglleaslro f Jameie
Suttonu, President otf # . , 4 I
CANvAs6isa Wi't~I.Ie p~epruwho
Wqieeq,Wto at permapently l5l" O CoLlca -
vasser, will receive fall ;ut lpro4 in-'
ormation by applying to .
, IT'lB AADIN C~OMPA,
-• :.8aid~;Ini, lae NNW. YORK
POIcvRILY ,10 GROMOS.
- r ,x noi .o iid ,
.1-1e, anr o 0 i· I a ad
r E . NEW&Jl editele the D
in;ti ewg Manele;y ll ek 1*lT l b
liJ -aq4f oiif'-ehiand u uth
te(spr, priueo apond ots, -mlktTh i r
in 0trinttmt to t 0 edietoria ilmia0
aindcontribute oritoii ll the eir l n
Stori ,,it hobep
mUseany, and , "
sto u mU
urn'
TiEn BEST PAPERS TRY IT.
PO(5TAtA(B Iri
-Beautifully Illustrated:
The $CIENTIFIC AMERICAN new in
its 3;Oth year, enjoys the widti:, (ircltia
lioin of any weekly iluwslpapet ,of the kind
in tbl!e world. A ulew volume counl:ucvs
.Januait:y 4, !c75-.
Its contents e~. braee the latest antd mitn::
intiere'stiiig iIifi tr maltion:l i ,1rtit'1tInilg t ,thet
I:ldustrial, M,'hanic':, mlS liietiltcIh
gress of thei World; I)''ripti'ns. With
ij;e;lutiful ELtgraviing, o f New I nvirrfiens,
Nh ew Proiess,,s, and Ilmp.roved Iltlitstries
of tll kinds: l'sefnl Notes, Reeipes, ,Sti
!td.i mn d :rnd .\dviee. by Pr:tetial -Writers.
hr' ý ,rk mieni ant Empyivcrs. in all the
iXt idi s i rts. "•
The SCIiNT'IFlf! AMIRICAN is tl:e'
t'heapi, anid hest. ill.ni.tr:aed 't"kly" pa
per publish4..'d:Every nanlber eoiatainus
Iroui 10 to 15 orligil4J enlgrav\.iings of n'.v
irlc rtli tllerl and novelit ilnvcitiolm.
.EiG\GiAViV ti, ilsi trating Improv.e
rllLo!lt, Disccori's, lanl i portarititit Works.
ifr iihhtin toi Civilaid .tl, ,ihnii'a En.t
ilerinig, .Millint;. Milihi"t giad M1etallhre. v;
lieco.r.ds of tOh latest pro.gress in tth 'itp
p1lientiots of Siteat. Stamn iEniti;eeLiiig.
KR;tilways. ,Shiltp uiltint;, Navigation.
Teh.raivh, Telegraph n'igineriug, "lec
rhl:il\-. Miigntisru, ight itlnrd ineat.
Ft 1) j.it, ,ehnits, . Enginedr.
liventorii , msl'-iltlltlltlats. Chbmiists, Lov
ierst 6f Scniouee 'uTeiheres, Clirtytilenll, L;I w
yers, slnd People.uf all Prolausions, will
find the StrIl us:l N uistefIl to
them. It afl li 14! a ,t l tce in every
uanjily, It rart , r tti. iflti tiee, and Co'inipt
iug lRoolli; in .every i ueading iRoom,
Col'.ige, Acadeumv or Schmool.
saUds of volumes are porwserved for hiil
lti ati refterf:nce.. Tlhe pret ictl releipllt
are'i well wvirlh tein tliiies the suls.rih, tion
price. Terms $i altI , Year by mail, in
n]tiling postage. D)i cliuht to Clubs Spyl
n lihons sent free. Mlay be had ol'all news
Dealer s.
PATENTS. T: e x: ionwli
AMuilAN, '. ~l'srs. MiNrxx & C(o. lare
(olietors of Ameluieiclt and Foreign Patents,
and have the lhrgest bystt,lihlmluent in the
world More thallitity thonsanld'.,pplic.t
tions havird Ulten laide for pIatent'through
eiar agentry. " -
'Pater ts are obtained oil tis best tenms
delto4 tt'w inventitins and sketehes
ckaini:i;ll ,' Ifkilvictl free. A spd.iall
Uiotiee is irAt'dh In thite dienliwfic Amerii'an
irf all ll veritiolsn'Patented thi'rough this
'"geticy, with the name an d re'si;ltil't of
the IP;tettene. Patents are often sold in
part't iv Whole, to petlous attracted to the
invenltiol j by such notice. !Send( fior
Paipll.hlet, Ilti pages, laws and full di
rectiold o flr obtaninig Patents. ' "
A;tdresi ftr the loaner, or colcerning
Patents, Mr:x &- Co., 37 Park Row
N. Y.'-? it.ah Office, cor. F anlli 7tIh ',Sts.
Wad stit in, D C.
hllý.11185,1v
A: Paper for the People, a Filend of the
Farimer,ul Industrial Classes,
A REAtItL
i NEW .CHROMO
:"' - \ .TITID "
"Prry's Vicry!"
Girento every $2 00 Suqcriber.
This picture represents Com. Oliver II. Per
ry nl the act of passing from onte oship to another
in a snmal open blapt, during t he heat of battle,
elxepeal to the fir6 of the enemy.
It measurres 1' y !24 'Inches,'
tjrtlisieally fhiishaed in thirteen reltrs and is
,pruaobtedly the most dehsi rbli chroaoe ever
hIbtred an a-premiumt- ' inelcopiles of It sell at
g3 00. We have at a great, ontlay secured the
exclusive eiutrol.ain .saleaf it, andv thet'fore
are.rnabled to present it.to our patrons as athove.
, The BE4Qtalcr atl l stantliatFr eailnbtsa a
first class Newspaper. .Itsr variodepastisataaats
allotted to
Editorials, ,.iHnorous,
dgricdit.re . i Poetry,
Correspond nee, .Ilegrapclry
- ----And General Newt.
Alt giveoridence of the car.ek* paTd aeitaken
to supply it a readers with all the leews and a
variety of readingtlhat eaulot fail to interest
pach ,ji I vrry vnibe- of the heosehold. Suat
crlbp thaa º uar ageults lrp ei di, toias.
. d Uelt'iroi agent lt eErN, s t iu at aalsd
where none are yet appointed, let sownm of our
friends apply for tLegeancy.
,, Addr? &
-{ .~ mlCINNATI, 0.
The Saturday Evening Post.
TileOldest and flbs Storyiper Pub
lished.
:FPonded Anlsat4, A:. D,,l8.r
Fot mnorethlan half" a centuro thb
Saturday ErthdiaivgPosetlhas been the' ,
GREAT ITERAkT, WEEKLY
~6t County, and has i4. borno a
wi,prl al d tlblfeniiRld > ?311tbtionl
.o iinitnrpttaid ,'"vtity. efiehement
`tbcell mnct of the '8eridl, 8kethes
- Mlel t nefla neo adibhimamte. ..
is° i&k-efidinently . -
T'1hd Best tily 'aptr
that is publishollththiscountry, from its
fever .qptainin ang sything that wouthl
6:otFr tfie'tt"iiigi of atrt oi+, etfhi' inl
s t llg oels o.iotltical' 'bilnHe; ' Or "that
otioid not be rad'it'L at pkIy tr Ifh withodt
b3ttibn tfom t5i tmost flItilltins. '
"Tbitentlation of thlier Stnnray Eved
Iig.g'4 ,through not quite so large
Se i' t younger' ontetpo rri ,s,
SBot,~Akte 'hiCt of home of theni, fl tctu
tfiHg,.a ta 19* often ebortrived ni$ #
SURE, SOLIDA.NE SUBSTA NTIAL,
based upon the i'tlinsic merit of the pa
per stself anti not depmendliet n any ,. C
raheonms influenedi, suchastlie popluari
4of.bldiAiduai:R &ti , det . : .
-"8t4o4,olhowtveri, e t'tWlurda, IEvein.
1yg.P.6at Ias.beet iit the'pas*,' it fi6 Oer
intention tonikd e4t ..tilt,'beteriiih l o
future, and with this object in view o.e
will effect a vmanfltilhinprovement in eve
Y .j4pfrtmelt of .tf4i pape, eamd will
call to our assistance Wraters oliiXduitttdl
ability and knrwn reputatio;' -.
:*.By inereasing its former attiractilms;
lusdJadli.g manvy ju4icioms sad "'ple#a
nflr+otirodlies;,4y tabtyiity Adv tow plh s,
-idcteitiwate :the pipulariFt." byA in=,
ebn.+ll larstry, a tterjirihe, 'iatdl by'
tendsar dfetihaiiesa,tweho tpe tir make ncti
itt1iea"d with eactsa4Cievery freei, sune
i fMii6,to.,,ni~mibin the 'Whini Of 't .
Saturday EveniugliPe its ts iit hTEk
OLDEST Ao TIE R5ST of Family Stoy
Pa ore.
OOe year bo O,, m,,
..%O'9j:IP uA it6 ,00 / nsTwoofkhs 10
" 4 copies 10.00 Thr,e mt. 5
U e-.- *.ccpies. 20.00 Foopsar I 00
To say one sendin; ~e fon a Cdth at
an"isiliti ohil"c'ly w~ 'ill te sent FRI.
Speaimn.tcpiea caa"le hid ofikppla
eation. We Employ noTravtyjing Agents.
Alt commamnieatieonas must be addressed pto
" ..J.  . .J . WA.LKER, lropM ior,
" , . Phtiadeiphia.
'Is OetQ ywprip tiug 0Gii lit
THE IILLUS'TA'f E
1101 ll01%illOll! .
WIfTl Wilicit IS INCORPORATED
Mirs h E1li I,11031
It is thi i:t,nt.igºL o.jLei' r-ond!:zitors of
his Ma.iýzia, to .till f.rth.r nmake it a
i, at,! of lit.rairy aAil mrechanial excel
i. cc, and. titi h tlhi :.iv-w, no advantage
-wihl-1al--l,,tedl -which Hither talent or
;apiit 1l ( 'an colllla!:ni . 1) rI'lldtr oieach is
sil- a? a:gt-rc-:-lk.' anit iitr;ective compeCu
diin:a of
IfPOuILAR P.J:A.DI)NG.
Its ipa4'.s will ih. 1!,evola.ed to popular
ljtl:uraul're. sit'l1r, art, elittcatill 111d 11 CC
,:hbt dcfirtelopmuent. It cllharantristie fit
ltuie is colhpreherivt'lness Tlhe ialnn
Sc'ipts now 4,n haid,, itnd others eslweia:
IV lel:l ~t'l., embcllae al unllslally attlrao
tivt. lit nf , iscrilptive kltchel s' of Trav
,!, eria .tr,:irs, '' ales l'ooems, Paplere on
,.inc\e anld Art, Pl'oltllar :Essays, Narra
livs. l.ierate y 'Criticisms, Fashions. eta.,
trn'ther N it h a varir' v of able and in
tartoing allich's ~~on m0 the Important
Qelt'st io's of the Day. A lar-e prollor
tioll of I he artieles, est'aci:ali those des
cr!ptiveof travel, will 1=e'
P!fORi' ELY IIl MTRATI"D.
T!br ptoterial enlellishmenta of the
Magalzi :a hereafter constituving one of
its miost attractive tfatuires.
The lotptose of the Publishers is to far
inish a !eriolienl whith shall be instre.
tive in Thl'le Household, The Library and
The RIeatdllg Phwom, giving an abundance
of entertaining and poplullar literature
tud information for both old and young,
carrying light. comfort and good nature
into every fautily, and imaking it a'eep
table iir the whlole Ilhosehold-faither
and mother, boys a'd(1 girls, young men
1ul young wlomeltn.
2'he Illtstrated HouIechld Miaazirn
includes several Distinct Departments,
each under comepetent and efticient man
agemillnt, viz:
1. Sketelhes---onsisting of Descriptions
of Travel and Adventure, Serial Storibe,
Tl'ehs and Narratives, lavishlyl 'nd ap
propriately illnstrtted.
2. Miscellany-made up of lrilliant ex
tracts from new hooks. highly entertaiin
ing sketches of ilotable pelsons and
thin.-gs from the laest Foreign Publica
tions, Poelms ad P'apers on Science and
Art.
3. Editorial Department-in which is
given brilliant etsts upon a wide range
ofsnhjt,j.ts: stwial topics discussed and
curruatt iceidents aId doings glanced at.
t. Fash on Depacrtmenut-containing a
reamie of the Paris, London and -New
.York Fashions, illstirate>l with engra
vings of the latest styles.
5. Literary Notee-devoted to reviews
and criticisms of new booksjand general
information. t.
6i. Children's Department-furnishing
instruction and entertainment to the
Boys and lGirls, and those older people
who have young hearts. It is embelish
04 with high class illustrations fof
Natural History, Wpnderful scenery and
rI:amSi,idents.
,., tllousekeoper's "~:Department - cot
prising information and recipes, many of
Which arc original and published, fir the
first time, all collected from: the most
authenitic sourceao
0It. will.be the. coantant aim of the
Mossohokl Publihihing Comrpany to make
THE ILLU1STRATED :.HOUSEHOLD
MA64ZINE in the -future, as Wood's
Household Magazine has beep in the
p51st, , ,
THE BESTD4)OLLAR!MONTHLY PUB.
LISHED,
aparing neither efort, tionble nor t
tite.'ioAn 'securing the Best Writers as
contribntors, and toe Bst Artiste to pro.
duce illustrations to enrich its rages.
AGEN'iS WANT.ED
We tetlire a good, .iithfnl Agent in
every to\n throughe-ut the IUnited States
and Canlda., who w'dl earnestly elgrige ii
the businesa of procuring subscriber.
not-for a fewdays or a .mIothbonly, bet
peria Wt'laI.v-with atfirm determinatibi
to raun.s'tkdll.dFtgfv'. and Ekref'alty the
etiro elut SClct.improvinu gveryr,.
potinity to reaielaR that can posaiblv
id frOA the liniroductioa ofii
4ttIlikne. ,, ..
. Oiur Preeleaa and Clubbing Liat.,
offer great,iniuieenm the t Workin, ua
ouir bwhalf.' 8behools and Chburehe.e'av
ber ten unusual opportunity tc ilpnte
YlMsical Inatriplents fronm thle besit ;mn
ufacturerea , ith ctapsatively 'h hght
VxretiOUj.' ArtiSans, Pro1 enf~asoal Nun
and' tiudent ma By 'rDtat their literary
taites by 67ld erimhi froam hi (¶,lobbiong
libft Cildren AI aretli and oWn many
l16h* ViesireA oartlet4. b. obtaining 'the
few snbscribers'requited. ",
,.4., rr SDs,  IP_0ir f i.o.
Siecdinen CoDiesh't-aillff post-paid, t.
1.".addrems upti receipt r fTeT en.
Thle postago withini the Unitl 8tLtces
is'l'en Cetit a yea,'whiech rmust b for
'irded iv*t the bibscriptiln,. ' the
newr 1latt1 I 6iraw 'eing the lrIy
ment ofall nmagltidei "'q tbibirss
thetrmviehb'initead"b unbeele o,' b coP
pel' uie tid0llectthe p6utsie innadvhae.
Sei l' for C e ntulara' enttaining rate or
thi,,idiuslhsisi ild hitdeeiutti to eativia.
seri, aSf1 tir'e .'Preiiui~: And Clubbing
iste. ·I -
TIl OqS. iITF ALLEY
continfle b offer this celebrated
Oi Oiproune In connection with the II
Itistrati~d Hu Ieoh, ld Magazine, Tuniuah
inhtthenm to our slub.'stlibers upon the
folliowing very geUerous jerdr.: i.
fri$Ia Meuittd Chromn, IP V
, an,nted (.lromo, J.50.
The Itounted iCltraopo is delivered a
ouran offle, oe by .l:@dv.i.ersr, or boxed and,
'ealt ay epresat at' Snhtselribcrf xpenie
or'sent lby Inail upon Rceipt of Tweat
Otht extra fr .ltapt:u. Tihe Unimoamt
ed;Clhrontlc, is seit furee b~y nil.
'All conrnlnicatinms mi.t he addrrae4e
l. USrIoL4D PULLISHING CO.,
41 Park Row, hNew TYork.
wtiiti aud a it,, we have jusnt wbat
you rie'ld Oltr lxl Mosnted Clhropmo
ontsell linything ill the marktt. Mr. Per
eons write: "1 struck out yesterday, a'nt
y,y ,tking e.y_ ftur bourn, cleared .7.
'Itady hls just repoited her protte fem
thie foreuoon ils $.i; rveterdamy uip tb 2
ld<k shb hliiprem t'rSO. Ws caun piv.
WOonilfiqaestion that one agentt ordlered
MOO O,.tlfllluiaclfrl'onoo is eleven w"ork.
hi y, W have the lab Irgtest and fliiwt
s'tnent ii the UtlteAil Stliest F in
d- ochocke suljects 'fromt which to.
t.1c.' k't"t, lfl te.,d you in aassorted 100
of thile best selliuig free of charge en re
ceipts of'*6 S-H;tt.r i in your orders or
.intY -  l , s llby mail $e., or
ITOiTRAMKE RIl CUrOMaO CO.
299 Waighhtlh16mal, Boston, Maes,
: -1P Getlr.or JOB PR1*f
.1 i ... . A A Y_ I' ........ #  __