Paper nftthr Parish an! (file of tairdhitrhes
.di!.djtor.
IELl,' .AND| .NIDRlSON.
1'..t. Iorle ('Iharir"il iwitl, a Etrance
(rimie.
Ihe (.vernor )M!,t Inve(.ti'.aiitle at
Once.
T'lh(' New 'i oi'r ,'Non tlhi'tii .li its
\Washington !',)rr ( p einlit.h, r.It
G(ibtl~sn, .tives its a stalrllinlg state
lentl with 'regald to Loi, iniali ill
geleral and solie New (Orhleans
Statesin iii particular, which 7lwe
These statelimelints aire received
by ulis w it the credit to whlich
theiiy are tiiitled. Soice prso4iiis
woluihd say at ollce'' !o tihith couil
he putt in them, nor io 1\e take
in the whole. It ihi ie(ire our
o'Airtune to reatil colpies of ithose
IcelIbrateid g areeteillt dotil
inelotls," ad we cail say that there
is nothing in thiem,i either dis
gracetul, or that hi hts.; to("% rdA "a
tiargaiii. But this 10oii report
contains points andil inlirel-n('es
fromn Which \We, in L.onisiila,
stllied with collthLinllg and dis
(tracef ll Iiiorl., ei5 draw stl' rllg
concl 11usions.
Wells and Alldtrsoln arel tlihe
inaii ciiariutel's ill the dlr:liia of
cilol tsiai;l relhieved," a0illl it seeiii I
those soIs \ hiii shle wadS chiildisll
and col itliin" eInouiii to think
lactled ill her Ibi(h'allt from pure paut
riotisr and sintl ce love, ale not
only criagel ill attent;lting to
sal'e these worthies frolic tile just
opleraltion of the ilws they have
outraged and violatedi, ibut to
also place theli ini si'.lh posit ioln
that they lay be a power to work
harnl to free institutlions in fulture
ius in the past.
A lpersonl higih inl the (cl hIleinc
of' the ( overnor of this Co iliOll
wealth is charged with stating
publicly in Washingtoii, at least,
it. is said he stated it to the Pres
ident who is a public servant, hat
il colspiracl has beeli enotered
into to thwart the execution of
law by spfiriting away witnesses
in a great case involing gigantic
issues for the future of our State
andil whole country.
If this stateelineit, charging E.
A. Burke with having told the
(lfryeto P!resideii t that "arr)ngr
Inltns had bec nmade (italics ours)
by which wituesxess, who were to
prore that the jbrheries in the re
turns from Te'rnon parish were
made b1j the order 'of I'ells, n'ould
not testicq;," he true, WE iEM.AND
IS II.\IIOVAL IN TIiE INA'ME OF
TIlE WHOLE PEOPLE OF TIIS
STATE !
Let Goveirnor Nitholls al once
hivestigate these charges, and if l
there is even a shadow of their
truth, hlie nimust, in order to pre
serve his own lonor, degrmale E.
A. Ilurkc froi' the high office lie
holdus, and tdismiss him from col
lidential coulllsels,
The (okvernjor, holding his own
ho ior, the honor anild the virtue of
this State in hiis keeping, cannot
stop short (it what we denlal.
It would he treason to virtue; it
would andl will danl him forever j
in the eyes of respectable men to
do less. We consider the mo-o
Inelit has camlle for decisive action 0
in the n<itter of lpunishing criani
nals, and particularly such crimi
nals as Wells and Anderson, in g
this State. The (loveriior has all
Opportunity to act, and lie nmust 0
profil by it, or else he must as- t
sunie the evil consequences,'hich d
are sure to flow fro'a any attempt Ci
to stop a fill investigation of this
whole mnrtter totelhing the charg. *1
Cs mad.e against E. A. Burke.
'firE New York Suin informs us that
Maj. E. A. Burke, of that noble family tr
of patriots of whom Glendy and John '
are component parts, is to take chiaige hi
of Judge Spoffords Senatorial ease sb
before Congress this winter.- Kellogg
stock on the flags is Ulp forty per cent di
on this cheering (f) news, and we N
pathieticilly exclaimi with a host of
euniouats. GoQd bye Spufford ' Ta
ii: -1.L
Intersic wS of the Vindicator Reporter
With Prominent ('itizeni.
f' What! they say About the New York
~i.:iN' ( htrte Against E. A. Burke.
ir.
-;A '~ t l'.t'o riuo t i'porter visited
* ~,tne Ilpromiinent citizens of our city
,llitog the the week, with regard to
tie "t, s't' :ttemtent of the Wells-Au
t12 hr )lon proseentiion. md their views
15s eihcited :are herein !iven.
at .A to the fact of E. A. Ltue hieing
the 'l-toill ial of "the asregment,;
tIir an, agte" ent for that matter, we
its call s;tV /r oll t I#i iiulrYii'f authit ,il,, that
II it is f ls' ,.
t- Iln the flst l1tr;e, nto l tIr'Crllnei nt tI ffI.
º "r':r ffi' trs' , lll h, n li's the protmie ofitlia es
thirluht aIind sigtid lby his frienids
.1l' iMathi'.s and PFosti', iidl which have
W1I' ong silnce been published, hloth hy
Johnii loitng lhBown, of Kent itchny,
tli (t, ll. Levy, of tohiis State, can he
iell Outr Illpoi ter first alled upon C'ol.
Nlp 1 ry, wlt ho stated his opinion wilth
lt l regardll t the iinon-attelidance of lvit
I.,sses as follows:
Cti.. Wm. 1. Li:vx's opinion.
11i' I k o lllll t thing in lregard to the i'l'
itiIM statt'liiinti, i:it "Mri. lhirk ltold
1St' Mr. lIales fthat lhtie witilEsss ir:iiii.t
SWells ind Aiht rsonll t ltihti l oi t lit Iifrth
ii maiii, o0 i theiir dial It. sel s i to int
it) e," a (ost l trlillllillin 'y s tat lle ent, :ml
Li( I' ail of thiilk that rll . }hlrtkeiwi' s iilln
th to make it, anti I old regr ti
to Ilhev'e that lie originated, illr is a par
l y to sitclI :1 shile.
Ast to lhe i' nvtigtionu of thes charges
hl't ;l Gm N _:'hi lls. I ctl lly .sai , thlat.
lth- (I;\-,itor is filly :a i lititntedt witih all
ithe' tihe ifirt t til.lln tii..st ll htcs e liniied,
with the Si lett' inlie I t J lstiid I nli tsill oll
i lii our olnisit la di lil iclitit, that lie knows
o ilf:el: tly \ tll that i bariguins. tralfti s
ltor il iprplr I t'el .ions ie\l re I ule by
!"hil. or any one u:thollirizited by him, to
O t; iltt n\\ hat simpleljustice 1ii r ealttt right
diilatd lail jistitild. and if these rh:rg
i  at, inli s ei ret lialle antid t ithentlli
i shape ais ti t alley lit public illtlilll I hive
l ll1 fiht the willl 11t. stigate thel, notlll
of i ol i i the fnt title th i s 'r viuietnti llg his
g'livr I t'hit. himself.if, ld his friends iuld
l iliorter. ls ttl i illtfl'rd o ,ne of his
ii St itr lt allit i lers i l oportnl ity. to disprove'
tht ii f thely : e tl tif iillt(idt' .
lk tof icisi e his su sell i t t tt o thion will
lie governed by his liovII i set st e ofli" duity
it , tft'r ia tull it i i tsti.i l , t io ut if 'rsuch ail
ralie ntitlits lor spliriling alway witnesses
ito have teen imv ltl or p:rtio tiiia cot in by
ilany otilie r of illt , Statlle Govertin nt, t i
t in:iltter whal t pos ilioi n he hi. ll- fill..jislic
Is autl I it en .V rqttlire t he his c lletCy ti inoval.t
I t r I. P.itIta. M ut opinion.
e iI ilhave "o rl the lhtter of thelt w ash
toilii nilrCrresponthenlt of the Ncw York
n,llc it reih tiion to aI r. i ilnrke's state
li nts alits to the Vtclls-A liierso l prose.
S il lit i hl.
\' reit t not fir t he grai vity oft the tth
' fie ti flit' the respectahility of the t unitie
.i,'t as o it fit' el I'lo-it rtt of' flit' eill tt' g . i Ill'
frolt lll whic'h the stat emenit cin, e, Ishould
helitvt e it to hie tissue of fact s ill
falsehoods, ti' tglgthei fori " tili he pir
' pris ite Iof a sRe tiiol article. It, hiwtt'ev l t',
Mr. luirke lgit|ide the sitatefl ets himputedtih
lii to himit t, h idently intetld tel ihoiugh he
does not saiy iso in xtlietis words, that the
S pllit'c shoutl believe that the otilicersi of
the State Govlernment were willing to
it'lliionlonl iia h:ige of' felony cagainst
WVrls atol Anderson.hllh iY.T S, iif' ct'. no
one wuldi believe, hlt )rl'. lllrke shoulld
lie ibrouht to thn' hiok, and the whole
i iatfit r t hoi i ht a w it ully int eitignitid
c Publi+ Ipisuhhiit, it hll.t iln this atlirtii
of Ilot' til dClitry t, fwill si tioin C itii
' five whate'i er, oev is gatattt ltttlees.
tIn the o irst pile the oticle tIl whnihs
he tll re rl,l' is tlslm whit sel istiioall a d I
;i ntt i ' ill r thi a i- t it hlese'v t s toih i lnt -
e iflrlt iont st u g i vli e it. It i str utiilf has
lio st ch imiiiA ort a.iici' ias to i-itn . ,tutoliailtt
the ofi vi rnll r the if lti y l i iiv3 sttr u iltti-is
ithe ti i. Nirg cs it ti n. If oll t . fili
,otiilithl take it t iuipo n hiti.tl'f h itity oirf
l i it all sii itti Niter.ol, his btuim tld ll
iiitely tflit-ied hitnhit lie nd iet ci lfil
utiat wrll f l ischare his ditlies t ( i , N e elIi
iiic olf the - st ite. ith thie xllhle tile Ini
. Illusf iliiuihtStI it atiily inlpy lha it iflj.
'o tirte t, itr tliy sthie r tuilh o i, lier iln teilsl
it tf t,, t is i iii:tle "erx ieiio lf l s ( hill -ith
the witish,,s who wil' tl l eie e in the
.i itr i's ini the rlotirl i fit io l Vt , Cortlo iar- C
uttish," will "sot stilti " t r if lirh a linier
0 hi '. h hIi ilsgt that s i'ch itiiswrrn enhti' i
ha tl'ti w itncvle hav fails to rept tlhe hi
Di 't tM o . il l istr; itNl. lC itrict Atllrlit r,
i. is iarge i" i figl crimt e, afle p hl ih
I nt o l eli ditn tisslle fronly illiet , uiits
he pretI edutl oiu r is own crhiinal act. 8.
it i ev lll e ntl. la ,itess frllolt tilie tif l atnit l
hIhor, olrt tim thli oone or Iohenit uhe
nitfle iiafs. ltevired Statultes, See. tt0.
And ti hivhi oIo knowldg of thcto Clis
shint of such tr rimt e and not to di!sel.
it ' o t ' nl' conte i tting tr agitrft ' s or
- cli trict Atherne. is i rrint e ltuntshilu
hy lir e a ith th xe redi'ntg f3ti c liii i ti'ris-f
olinetllit ilt hil' t iorC of s hce rwistg , it s
andly Ctthhon'e inom the iltegri t atid
purity of tid rta. Nitholls is such that i
t aiiI t is nt t i tthr aih I" ons.'iie t, tlhat o et i
troiild fail shl reio-t l oticer giiltr y of W
1 s tich alnlct, Nit oinly this, tie 1or
ntielt, the sehinltotits e o ta ov. t ihe holnlor of
ti tha thii'ke is reportio to have n|de to h
sth Pltsidhaeit, wihilout !mlle reidke, if
atnot iumdictg carrgest iinvb iroseritiand.
Stifkls inth th', xeicise of hie fiscrition,
ruit ,e 'hiiet ot now hle d v', dil nyt
talineni, cotineii, coidote, cot.ive
it. or ,in ttii ii aiy w- y. col'. i o hin
Sotie, 11; is yo puri JOB t wheu hit,
j. itt th'irge ii the abo-e lelepr. 'hic
•lone.at the VINDICAToRt Otlice. w
TOM AN.I)ERSON WIN S !
ifr Hayes with the Mask Off:.
The appointmnent of ¶'om Ander
rk son to be (General Appraiser in the
New O(ileans Custoni-house, as an
honest mleasure will find few if any
I suIlporters, anid as a conciliatory
t measure to the Souith is likely to pro
duce the fruit not supposed, accord
ing toi Scripture, to grow on fig trees.
" SMany Southern journ:als and some
oif tihem in Louisiana for that matter,
t gushed to a great' extent, and quite
' L tnnecessarily over Mr. Hlayes, and
Sthought they had found the maan they
iitt
wetle looking for --tlie priceless gen
deckilng the. brow of thle harlot, radl
ThaI it il man could consort with as
vile political pa;ty ias the radical par
n e
t ; that a lan couldhi except a posi
tion reekint g with fiaud as Mr. hiayes
Sdid, was a\lway; s enough to satisfy us
as to 1Mr. Ilayes' character; but it
needed somen such a:ppointment as
that of Toni A\lllerson to open the
tcv es of those Southertn jouIntals to
the fact that this angel's garb with
which they were decking the body of
the recipient of stolen plunder was
Snot a befitting raiment.
1st t We might exhaust the vocabulary
to find deprecatory terms with which
inil to denounce this appointment of Torn
Il Anderson, and then we would faiil to
r., t.
I- do the subiject jiustice.
"JMr. lHayes' Foutl/crn. policy" ! for
sooth.
all If this lie a samnlple of his Southern
to`. policy, the alqpointment of a manl; who
Sis so illmlous that his vety inane
i" stinlks in the nostrils of decent peo
. to ple of the State ; if ,is is a demion
h it stiation of Ihat iltiiiiaculate "civil ser
ii vice reforlm" for which thle llresent
Sadlinil istration was to have been es
nlt pecially lauded, the removal of an
tl honest cotllietenit oflicial and the ele
his vati mon of a corrupt man-- all indicted
" and guilty fielon, then it were better
ill this laudation shouhl cease.
te It is useless to look for an outcomie
higiher t han the source as the frunit
eyv leither of tlie Southern Policy or tile
Civil Service lhefo lin. Suffice it to
icec.
:l. say that Tomi Anderson, the forger,
wins, and hayes, the demagogue,
h- stands unmnasked!
irk - -- * -
Si
Divided we Flourish.
The ('ritic as anl Isse Mleeter.
l The School Bloard of New Orleans
1l has, iby firmal vote, divorced colored
ir- and white schools; a very proper and
Slandable act. The Criic,, an organ of
i- the colored young men puinllishcd ill
I that city, trunipeted forth not lo)ng
to since, its opllposition to this measure-
Ist The colored people were not adlvised
to violence, biut, in theli lalguage of
le tile Critic's McGregor, "they were to
nh mcct the isuic!" If "ihle issue has
- beeu met'" thie "'neeters" mlust be ill
the condition oif the dwarf at tlhe
Tilplerary .lhindy-sonio one has
i' stepped on theul in the melee, iand as
S"quiet is restored," the stoppers otn
l are'( now ellgaged iu removinig their rie
nma ins front the heads of the inails in
s their hob-nailed shoes.
Tre ''hie (Critic as ni issue meeter is a
sh decided failure-suippose its force try
i- the ihoe handle.
S The Hlundred Tllolsald.
he The CoCtrier-.Toulrnal fivorts an in
crease of the regular army. Water
.- son does inot say to what extent, but
ir we suritise ihe desires file enough to
b give each one of the hundred thou.
*, sand stalwart Kaintuckians who anu
It swered thlie slogan of "ou to Wash
s. ington !" last winter, a neat shoulder
it strap with onle bar.
The country Ihowever, notwith
rl standing thle fact tihey sympathize
l largely with thle "hundred thousand
i in waiting," prefer less "satrapy" even
s- than the present standiug joke for allni
army-an artly victorious only in
- overturning legal Legislatures anid a
terror to every one-except the ene
S The Courier-Jo.,urnal may, mark
Syou, we say mcy, be a leader of tlhe
f young Denmocracy of the South, but t
Sit will not lead old or young into i
, favoring an increase of the standing (
army.
..... ,dl, O- 41m ......
- S. W. l :NS'r, Esq., formerly the
I' cartoonast for the NXe-, Orleans Deno. (
e crat, visited our ei:, .-i'ing the past I
week and remained several days 1
w. ith us. Mr. Bennet is a young Lou- a
Sisianiain of decided talent anid a gen- i
iletlman whom our citizens were proud
to meet.
- .-- ,~.- ,L-.------ C
SThie Secretary of State.
W W. A. Strong, our popular young
e Secretary of State, was on a visit to c
n his firiends in this city during the r
week. lie was looking as genial as
ever and his host of admirers were a
1 more than proud to grasp his honest a
4Iand. IMr. Strong belongs to that
band of aggriessive go ahead.and- a
build up )Demoocrats, those honest, .
Sfearless heroes known as "bourbons" t
Sto the outside world, because of the
slanders of those who "don't want of- ol
fice" but never failed to take one ,
when chanuce offered. b
SCamp Meeting.- tl
Our Methodist friends are holding e
a camp meeting at Beulatll camp L
grountd in Ward 5. We understand i
the tenters are in large numbers and
that religious enthusiasm prevails to tl
a happly extent. Many parties firom
r this city visited the camp ground last. th
week. n
NEW ORLEANS ITEMS
Gleacneed fromn our City Exchanges.
- From the Pemoera tI.
he A lire occurred at the State lluse
an which is pronounced the work of an
,. incendiary, whlse object was the des
ry truction of the building withii all the
o. State records.
d- The State Engineers are starting on
"s. another levee staking excursion.
ne Major IHarrod, State Engineer, will
I', visit the month of iRed River with
ite two tug boats, with a view of cutting
nd a channel through the "gut."
'Y Tax suits have been filed against
'in deliijuent city taxpayers.
The fourteenth of Septenmler was
celebrated with regal show.
r- The Dcemocrat invites cotton pick
si rs from the North, and talks of the
obstructions at the mouth of Red
s River.
it Louis Bush, Speaker of the House,
as has addressed a circular letter to the
lie House members, asking their opin
to ion as to repairing and chairing the
ith Hall of the IHouse of Representatives.
of State Funding Board going on
as funding Bonds.
From the Tlimes.
'ry Tom Anderson, the outcome of
cal Iayes' Southern Policy and Civil
oni Service Reform, is resting quietly in
to oftlice at the Custom House.
Returning Board scamps are rapid
ir- ly being placed in office vice the old
and honest Clerks, removed.
po Mrs. Gaines is on the war path, and
issued writs of possession for 5 dit
- frent pieces of property. She can't
wait any longer for the slow compro
mises.
nt There is talk of holding a mass
a meeting to protest against the hot
au weather.
le- "Pull together," exclaims the Times
ed in an article asking unanimity on the
Cr qluestiou of the Texas Pacific hail
road. The Leveee Company comes
"' in for a bitter pill, while poor Stough
lit ted is scored even in advance of Jerry
le Black.
to F"ront the Picayune.
"* Col. Vaudrey had a meeting of the
le, White League on Friday last, to take
measures for their celebration of the
1llth. Jacob Heather shot his mother
in the head. Jacob is not a mater
nal -loving cuss, it seemns. Mrs. II.
us was not much hurt, but Jacob went
et to jail.
id Crop accounts from Mississippi
of show depredations from worms to a
ill damaging extent.
"g Eighty persons were arrested by
- the Police on Thursday night, Sept.
td t;th.
to The I'ic goes for gambling houses;
ai I'ites the Penn~yhvania Republi
can platform lis a thinniph for. Mr.
lHlayes.
as 'romn the litem.
as Quotations of Carondelct Street
n Stocks are given in fill. State Con
e- sols 78iTS; per diem warrants
in 93½!4.
Firemen are engaged in "present
a ing their worthy Foremen wvith splen
'y did trumpets."'
The Itenm, sprightly City Evening,
touches in its usual manuner, the Su
n gar Shed Controversy, and Assess
Sment and Taxation.
t The New Orleans Times.
i The New Orleans Times in its Lou
I- isiana land article (page 9, Sept. 1st.)
Ii- places the parishes of Natchitochlics,
er Ilapides and Grant among the lIill
land parishes, and says of them, "the
i- soil is sandy there, and comparatively
Oe poor," &c.
id We merely head this article thie N.
O 0. Times in order to fix the fact that
n we have found one paper in that city
in tlhat is in utter ignlorance of tlhe State
a in which it is published. Tlhat the
3- Times should employ a man to write
an article on Louisiana who did not
k know tlhe geological formation of it,
e surprises us. Dennct did the same
t thing in his stupidi work called "Lou
o isiana as it is," but Denuet had a mo
g tive-to settle up the Techio country,
and we called attention to his short
comings at the time.
c Now we desire to state to the New
p. Orleans Times that the lands in Ra
it pides, Grant and Natchitoches are
Al hrucly allurial. In this parish the
. alluvial of one body along Red river is
- seventy miles in length by twenty in
d width, or nearly rwo thirds of the pcar
ish, which will produce just as much
cotton, corn, molasses, tobacco, &c.,
per acre, as any parishi in the State.
g We hope tlie Thiee will make a
a correction of the article to which we
a refer. Rapides and Natchitochles are
5anot what are known as "hill parishes,"
e nor are thile hill parishes "compar
t atively poor." Sabine, Vernon and
t Winn are hill parishes which produce
a half bale of cotton per acre, valued
at trwenty-,five dollars. We would like a
to know of any farm lands of the
West or North that are richer outside
of their gardens. Of course the cot
ton and sugar lands in the alluvial
belt are richer, but compared with "
the hill lands or bottom landse
either of the North, the hill lands of 0
Louisiana are far richer and more pro
ductive.
It is not our purpose to cry down t
the sugar lands, but we insist upon it, 1
tliat the hill lands are productive and
that Nfcluitocheslc and Rapides are
not Iill pmridies.
special Not i(_'0.
I h~aa t hIK daty tiled w ithI t he 1ºer~e
ot the paºrish the Assesstentii t HiI1 - if
H~77, w lere they Nvill hi ex posed for 3
(l:ays in order that cuiiitvit iii :uta he
itadle.
.i, P. .1(1 )I\SON,
Assessor t'arish of Natch itic Ies.
AugII. 1`8t 1 l1.
Notice.
TIhose Who h1i ye ntadle application for
posittimn as school teaclhes:, are 1141 ltiedl to
piresent themselves tilr exani inatiiiu uny
aV alter .oay next ('Soul). M hools
Wvill Ile jillenel thiriughout tie parish ont
iii :11out S;etemieer 1st.
JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMENTS,
d SUCCESSION ALE.
Succession of. . I. PI'irso(n Sr., 'ec'"d.
e ) Y viri e of an order of the lion. the
1) I'ari.hl Court in and foir the P'arishl
o of Natchitchls. andl to mt :,ldlressed, I
1- will sill to the last and highest hidhler
, at the Court House door in thle city and
i;parish of N,,lchitoches, on
"l'T.es'd!/, the 9t1 day of CUlobcr, 1' 7,
St the following described lproperty, heltong
ing to s:tldl siuccessin, to-wit :
A 'ertain house and lht known as the
0llihe, sitllated on the noirth side of St.
of te'nis Street, h),unhle.d 1on the east b"
i olliet' of "Mrs. .lohn Blair Smith. anId oil
the wrst by prloperty of Mrs. Au,-ite iRo
Terms of Sle'.
L CASlH,-sulject to :aplraisentent.
D. H[. IIOI'LLT. .ln.,
'Sept. 8 - tds. Sheritff.
d SUCC'ESSION SALE.
f- Successio of Joseph Emile Ilost, dec'd.
I' VIR'I'E of an order of the lon
oralle the Parish ('ourt in and fior
a- the parish of Natchitochel s and to m)e
direc'ted, I will offer for sale at l]pnhlic
aucti'uo oil
STl'hursday, 20 dcly of" Spth'ml,('r, 1877,
at at 11 o'clock A. .M., at the late residren
of Josplh Emile Rost, d,'ieasetl, in thi.s
parish, about forty miles helow hut ('itv
ce of Natcthiitc'les, l o ('a n rivrr,-()One'
huldrelid he'ads of c('attle onsisting otf
IC' alahle nilch c('ows and calves, beef
I cattle and y'earlings.
CS aid cattle to e) sold scl)at:tl\ or in
lot', as designat,.d by the A\dmninistrator
I- ofsa id succession.
Ji'rmc s of ,Sal :
CASH, with thlc benefit ,of'al)'praiserlnlnt
F. P. RAG(;I0.
S Sept. 8 pti. Auct 'ioneer.
' SHERIFF'S SALE.
le
J. W. Cockfield District Court, Iar
vs. ish of Nat'hito.hes.
t- E. J. Cockliehld No. 812.5.
I. t Y virtue of a writ of Fi. Fa. issued
it in the above entitled and lnumler
ed suit and to me dirt.et.il, I have seized
and will offer tfir sale to the last andi
ihighes't hii(lder at the door of the Court
S lonse in the city and parish of Natchito
a ches, on
Saturday, Glh day of October, 1877,
v the following described property, to-wit:
A certain tract of laud or plantation in
the parish of Natchitorlhes having a
fron't on Little or Athao Rivcr, hounlded
above by lands leh'lontging to Widow J.1
M1. Compelre, Ith :ill the depth thereto
Selonghiin'l , coptaing 'Thre hundIred and
'fhirity-three and one htalt arpents.
Also a certlain trai't or parcel of land
situat.ed in tihe parish of Natchituoches on
the' right bank of eig,'olet Hondlien, at a
pllace e:itled Petit l0core, b)ountded ahlve
lhv lands belonging to Jean llaptist Pru
dhontne on Bavyou Cadish. and lelow hv
lands of Antoine 1'rudhomnme and wife,
t and by launds claimed by Dominiqiue
Racial, acquliredl bi y Theophile Pru
dhlmonmne fromn Antoine Prudhommrne and
wife, by Act passed before C. E. Gre
neaux, on the 3d daty of August, 1844,
I- and by Act 29th of December, 185l, lpas
ed before T. P. Jones. whh'! said tract
or parcel of land contains Six [Iluldred
, and Forty acres, together will all the
buildings aind imoprovmientls, and apper
tinalces thereon belonging, or in any
w' ise alppertaining.
Te'rms of Sale.
CASHI-with the benefit df :ppf'aise
mnent.
D. HI. 01O LLT, Jri.,
Sept. 1-td. Sheriff.
SIIERIFF'S SALE.
II c;. 31. Bayley & Pindi, vs. Mr's. Julia
Fleuiniilg.
e District Court, l'arsh tif atclh!toIches,
' h'o. 80(33.
BY virtuc of a writ ofFi. Fa. issued in
J the above entitled and mnubered
suit and to me directed, I have seized
t and will offer for sale to the last and
highest lbidder, at the door of' thc Court
Hlouseo in the parish of Natchitoches, on
,Saturday, 6th day of October, 1877,
the following descricbed property, to-wit:
S A certain tract of land situated on Ol0
t River in the parish of Natehifoches, con
taming about One Thousand acres,. more
Sor less, together with all the buildings
3 and improvemnents thereon, said land
.fronting on Old River, and bounded
above by lands of Louis Marcy, now
owned by J, len Smith, and below by
lands of lien Fradien, excepting that
portion of the original tract sold to Ster
ly E. Russ, on the 20th day of March,
1875, and containitg accordlinK to said
Act of Male One hlundred and Forty-live
acres; also tfour Mules, and one third in
terest it 80 acres of 'cotton, and one
fiiurth interest in 5 acres of curn griiwn
by San~el Johnlsoln; also the one-half
interest in 75 ac'res of cotton, andI the
one-half interest in .t0 acres of corn.
Terms of Sale.
Cash-with the bencfit of alpiraise
ellnt.
D. I[. BOULLT, .Jn.
Sept. 1-tds. Sheriff.
SHERIFF'S SALE.
Magloire Patuicr vs. Mris. Virginia Bos
sier and J. Jules Bossier, her husband.
District Court-No. 6451.
1Y VIRTUE of a writ of Ficl, Facias
issued in the above entitled and
numbered suit and to me directed, I have
seized and will offer for sale to the Ilst
and highest bidder at the door of t(Ihe
ourt-housec in the parish offatchitoches
oln
Saturday thle Gth day of October, 1877,
the following described properly. to wit :
One house and lot on Touline street
measnring one hundrefeet f'ron on Toi
line street and rulnning hack for depth
eighty feet, bounded north by property
of W. H. Jack and stccession of 8, JMI
lyanus, on the west by lot belonging to
the estate of S. M. Ilyams, east by lot of
W, II. Jack and south bly T'ouline street
together with all the buildings and im
.rovementsa thereon.
Terms of S&dle.
CASH-with the benelit of appraisi.,,,nt,
D. H. BOULLT. ,lp.
Sept I-tds. :-h.ift.
SU('('ESSION SALE.
I Succecssin,, cflhu Dart,', Jr'dl,
Y) virtue of an order of the llft.
) Parish .uidge i anltd for th.e PI:t ih
of Natchit' c "ih s, t. It te directiet. I till
r sell to the last and highest bidlder o(n
STuesd(,ay, '111 dUt of S9 o t', ember', 177,
Sat the pI ll tat i . of the der'd., near
CnlllIte. in the parish of tNatthitc'hlies'
all the mnovealc prolertv tof said
'acce.ssion, and alsot the tillwvinig drs
itrihed inmiovale 1p4o.'t!'ry of said sn'c
crssi(o, to-wit ,
1The wVst hal'of the north we.t ,l4:trttr
of sietittl line, (!I) 1ownship hel e'nl (I I )
of range six,(t;) we.t, conlltaining c.ighty
acres, w ith the grow ing crop I lrotll.
to 7b.i (T " ,fS'ale.
Is On a credit until the Ist day o4f l'
Stemtbi' 1,877, the purchiaser ito give his
promissory noe t'r the l ri'h;,. price
with good a11l alventt ,et'tlrit L', with
vendorl s privilege aatl s.pecial i,,or1tglge
retained In the l lr-p lltv sohl to :r,'ncre
the paynlen1 t Ilthe el't'.
All amounts less than:l ." ('ilsh.
A. 31. G(lET'T1"',
Ang. 21 St. Atdlliiitlraltor.
d. NOTICE.
Ie Section No. 104, of Act. No,) 9, a;piprov
111ed April 2t)th, 1517, provides: "That it
I shall he tlihe duty of the l'r(sident (ol' ;ll
l) Policc Juries Iitr"oughout the State, an
(1 nIIally. in the m111111h ("of Septh' ( 'er, to
traliusnit to the Auditor of 1'un lie Ac
7 ciInts a dletliled repo4)rt of till condlition
tof the palrochial attflirI, ,ilvin a ilstalte
n111nt of (14' late t' l l taxilltti , 1the aIlIol)lut
of dl:shlursetenlt, and the ontstandiung
deht, if aly."
Ther'f'ere all persons holding parish
Simheltedness of :I}ny kimlnd, 1nut lpresient
11 the same to A. E. L.n4e,, Parish 'T'reas
S lurer, ftir le'gistlration tbefore the, lt day
(of Sep'lte'ulber next, as it will not 1e re
4'eivahil il l:ipayment of parish taxes un
less so registered
WM. PAYNE,
June `2:. 'residcent Police Jury.
( Grand Ecore
l WAREHOUSE.
WM. FRENCH, Proprietor.
, IIAVIN( lur'husheld the hnsines.t~ (of
(*. Chalmbers & Brl.e ait this poini,
as and secured their service.s, I am prepar
4 e4d to store and forward promptly, all
lie ' freights anl ottoll consgIgnedl to ny" ('c1e.
f Ra'tes of ,lorw'e in fnture will be as
c foilohw s:
Ftift'in (',nt, pt harrel f:u' freights.
i Thirty-livc (.'e:,ts l'r hale for (',Cotton.
~ 1 WM. 1'RENCII.
March 21-- f,
it J. A. DUCOURNAU,
Cornelr FROI T ANIt CIICUICII Streets,
Natchitoehes, LUi.
r. Ir EEPS CONSTANTLY on hIand a
, completel assortmlent of I)RtY
GOOI)S, SHOES, IHATS, CLOTHING
4 etc., consisting in part of:
SFAN('Y GOODS,
il ENGISII AND AMEIIU.CAN
rt PRINTS, LEACIIEI) ANI
BUBROWN C()'ITOXS,
LINEN LAWNS,
7, COTTONADI)ES,
TICKINGS,
PLAID
ill OSNAII;IGS,
'CASS111EllE;S,
.I ILLACK GOODS,
It RIIIBBONS,
SIRIS LI N ENS,
WHITE GOO(IS
4 1 1OSIEY,
1 Trimmings of al' Kind,
S LANTEIS' LINENS,
- ARTIFICIAL FLO EIIES,
OCROCKERY
AND
' CHINA WAUE,
IFRENCH
t BILACKING
- NOTIONXq,
S HATS,
SHIOES AND
SCLOTHING.
SAlso a full line of Gcutlcmiien's Wear.
A FULL ASSORTMENT
OF
LAI)IES' IIATS.
SILKS PARASOLS,
FlaiIING LINES
AND HOOKS,
IPOCKET KNIVE,
T''OILET SOAP
PEIU.MERI s,
STATIONARY.
ALL TIIIE ABOVE AT BOTTOM PRICES.
Notice.
i OFt I. or: STATE Tax Coiic;roir,
i NATCIITOCIn.S, LA.., June 8, 1877.
TTENTION of Tax Payers of this
SPa;rish is called to fec. 51, of the
, Revenue Act of 1877, as folows:
SEC. 51. ie it .fuortheT alnacthd, etc.,
1 That a1s soon as fll'nished with blanlk I
SIcerses the tax collector shIll giiw' notice
Sto each IeC'Fs0o liable to the lIayiil'nt of a
i elcCInse tax tthat pyIme'ln flt thrlt('4f 111t
j be m1ad1 withi liftieiint' dlays, aul( ill CIst
: of faihlre to pay such liceclns8 h1 shall,
withii twelnty days froni said iloltlea
tion pIroceed to seize and sell, :lfter ten
Sdays zidvertisemlellt, ol1i'Oerly of the do
linquilent to sltisly said licenso.
SEc. 53 directs the Collector, on the
lsi Monlday 14f No'ellmbcr to file withl the
Record1er a list of "11l un1;ai d taxes.
The filing operatles as legal seiznrte of
the loloper'ty, 111and will hear 8 per e('.nt
iitcler'st. OIl lth, 1st. M4onl4l1ay in D('ct.'em
Sber all 4lr'olpertS1 ' o s4eizcdl will be 4ol lat
ubl4ih1 ct1iuel441, witlhoot ialplpr'isenient.
Ihviig 1llillnliathr,, t the Collector lias 1no
dlscretionl blut to excucto the law, and it
will be dotlie to thce letter.
L. N. LANE,
Julnel 3.--. Tax Colhlec'tor.
For Sale.
1 Corn CrnishIcl'. 1 Carry'-Log.
I (; se4t ('arriiage. 1 Colto0' It'ress.
1 nagle Gin Stand. 71) saus,
! Pratt Gin Stand, 70 sa\is.
1 Grist Mill coimllClet .
3 Se'ts Rllulnihg (ulrt f1l' ( il1 Sa1iids
alnd Mill.
1 Gin (Hotie, fi'riill4,, in jierfuct oldler,
,40x) fhlt ', Ith 12 f'et galllly 'l-all iarollil .
I Ilouse 8 fe4ct Iy ·.I, with firoint and
te:ar llgllery 12 feet wilde, with 1 rooililS
and corri4dor.
1 Cotton Press. Collmpass.
For te'm,, iillqy to J. A. lliCO)1Rh
NEAIJ J., lat Natchitoclhes, or to ili at
Ilny store onl Culne Ri'i'r,
July7-2nlo. J. J. A. PLAI'CIIE.
Zraoopold. Cartol
COT1EE HOWSE
Corner RiOi"' anld lIIORN 8trcets.
Mallrch l-iy Lunclh free ever'l dll.',
[F Get your prilitilg dole 1at
the VISDICA'T ' Job Office.
1;1J X1'1; : sY1 i 'ý
4 Fo~1 r th' e Vii NI.\hI )Iic1A iº
'I lie tig n ta rlO r ' 1 ,. l i tii nu ' i lt t
cv 11%te ret il, P i he l- ieeis. ýýi ;- ;tj t
I:cctcit el theis \tve'*i;
Vi~ll~~ iNAN(i~ibl jI.'l.r~L
(;til- ~IS
Sily rt
( )hl-:;I.lý ~
City' \.i;trazett-7: a +l),_,
lelti I , iiezee ii '11 ? : cc
Brandy t t vi es-j:1 Y:1 pe d t.
( dicu4;I --- ^5 l n I 1" allutt
(lclve- Ir z it 2e I/ erI Icil.
Nleirells $7 (Ni'º
]"a ir l i:4Ibl .
S 1a11-5 ;2c~it r ii'. !a~i~ c
S Clt;'-$1 1º Pter j1ai k
OIt5 l-- 1,'aj 2c hler 111tQchl.
~JIes dLr-W~jelJ'estei~ri nic he.l~
BREAD STUFFS.
B.icccx-Shon.~.clers te~'areb.
Barrellr b%7 (Nt'!it
Ior fi--lry Slt 9cec nl~ler5ne.e
Clºni eal-25 per~c bbla.
Mess 1ur-K115' pe per hi d
Oats-.i~-Chkleae perz h11- h
n-hoier I61 (lac.
Pig ar Rtnnib Sides Iq.
1)ry Clar Rib '?,e c
Lialog ie tlsac '--u11 eenile.
Mlect-Fes n Pork$10,4 50 per hitu.
11.t'~ls- S(;5"e;Hill I
OnordWe~inary3 73,?(l 00
BC. etoatews]i 11 ,
Pig Turk-halt' hicl~·lls. o (01"
i IcnI gue-nen a .
Pogr Feett-neetee ini market.
Cal Oi1----Ocs j gallon.
Beet-Fulton, $10 75 tier } Wile.I
Chaoice ies.c-".
Onions-Waestertl, 43i5 St 00e b~d
Aoles-. - oinnic V Fc 7, , On
Fairios $ ( u22 'Oc. it
Choicrltefe by 100 o o'..
(Cpsl'hcs-n $3 per ct
1'iiie Klcr-ll-n e ir oark et.
Coal Oi---- ]ýa20c tgallon
Ncrihs- 75lt~IF'a1 1(5.
PageCaie-CSoinnio 7 a.
GoUNToY PROI)n91.
I;~ihtes-Coie, I-Ic.
Molsse--- Co nlniot, "Ic 14 allon
Fair siioc.
L-tll.ey-$l~- 18'd2( icr
criL- aI Prper bushel.
Eggs~rr~-e.15'~ic "4I p do'.,
Choice 4(;e.te It20c
Paptoes-sweet, 7S-1 per thoufbeete
ypessigees- 50 per itou:
Nac , Ducks 7 3 .5' do.
COUNTRY POI)UCP?
I -cf-LourM clean 2lb. 3
hIiittdes-10' r l Ic.
I'nrsi-on e 11cr '1h dl(
Wa!,Nrthrn-one.
Brlownc~ Cottou~c-O1'l c;~(~ 0
Brogans-Sil'l~ 5(I'll~-I t3 tcr Pai.
Salmtoi-$2 75~a--8 009 do
iaeIies-4 boxes~~-~ 1G0c box
OtrS-9cots 00l~i(3- a oodc z.
CASE OIS.
Ilstclrv Clicto nruli-tcs$cI09 5Sdoz
l'irake B Iit tersks-$8G'j9(t)) doz.
Ilcla,,t~tio haittrs~irq R 8~ ''50 1,L doze
Noiw Yorkic-l~ rndy-$ ~t.1 33'i 6.
0lic-Il c GIn--$1p 32)Q'57] 60. Ih
Imprtii ognac-$1 f5lvi2 00
l ~C'lcrt l~n elv- Si 5: 71.5
SiIIpoteBLrll-l rlellauc Gui,-- $3 9fI~. 2.Ce
Sllcth liiky5 oicS 50
Whie wne""l~-$5l 50)Oa 00.
Lenilberll le;ilcick:st-*23.i 00.
Notice
A LI, I)PISO()I1MY oiIg. I xI~es :l :111li'PO
teº the c if e o NaIfdhitocelw ar Jiro
Iy notifiedl tlI:t I will cifirco the Ip'&
lifrlt of the $:nfnC a directel Itj' flrdi
,ee14 pasel .111V :i d, 18~77.
P'h-agf nuot ice oirdinallnce 1d satS cal
of Slid.
'i ie . on Seu D is treet
citi ' :'Ix (oIIlcCtI'I