THE BEST, THE LARGEST,
the Cheapest Weekly Paper.
Pubhshei.
NOW IS THE TIME TO
U :IU OSO L. IB "l
The St. Louis Times.
Daily, Sunday, Tri-Weekly and Weekly.
TIIE
Leading Democratic Paper
WIST OF THIE .MINSSIII'PI.
The ST. Loris TnIEs is a large
sixty-four column iNewspaper,
the largest and cheapest
WeVekly Newspaper
published in the
United States.
81500 IN CASH PREMIUMS
AS FOLu.LOws:
DAI LY.
$250 Cash to any person from whom we
receive the largest list of sublrilers
to the Daily Times ftr one year (be
fore the 31st of March next) of not
less than onle hundred and lifty
unmes, at $8 per annumI1nll.
$160 Cash for the next largest Ii t of not
less than 100 namies at $ý per alnnum.
$125 Cash fior they next lar }est list of not
less than 75 n;utes at ý per annlm.
$75 C:ashl fir the next largest. list of not
less than 50 names at. $I per annum.
$50 Cash for the next largest list of not
less than 30 iames ait $ per annum.
$30 Cash for the next largest list of not
less thani 0 names at $8 per annum.
Cash for'the next largest list of not
less than 20 names at per anlllllnull.
TRI W:EEKLY.
$125 Cash for the largest list of suliscrib
ers to the Tri-Weekly times (before
the 31st of March next), of not less
than one hundred and twenty-five
names at $4 per 3annum.
$75 Cash tfr the next largest list of not
less than 75 names at $1 per annuillm.
$50 Cash for the next largest list cf not
less than 50 namells at $41 per annum.
$25 Cash for the ioxt largest list of not.
less than 30 names at $1 per annll .
$15 Cash for the next largest list of not
less thanl 10 inames at $4 per annum.
$10 Cash for the inext largest list of not
less than 10 names at $4 per annum.
WEEKLY TIMES.
$250 Cash to any person from whom we
receive (before the 31st of March
next) the largest list of subscribers
to the Weekly Times for tie year, of
not less than five hundrarl names, at
$1 25 per annuul.
$123 Cash for the iiext largest list of not
less than two hundred and lifty names
at $1 25 per anlium.
$75 Cash for the next largest list of not
less than one hundred and fifty names
at $1 25 per anllum.
$50 Cash for the nlext largest list of not
less thani one hundred names at $1 25
per an num.
*2i Cash for tlhe next largest list of not
less than itfly names at $1 25 per an
MilllI.
Sash lust Accompany E.;ch List Stat In.
An account will be opcned with each
person contending for the premiums, and
namUes or lists received fri'om tim, to
time placed to his or her credili which
will be tfHted up alfterl31 stof lMalrclh neext.
Premiums awarded-withil thirty days
after March 31, 1875, by the Times Comll
pany of St. Louis.
No sulbscriptions received before De
embelar 1, 1874, nor after March 31, 1875,
will be added to Prenmium lists.
Under the new postal law, taking effect
January 1, 1875, the posltage on niiewspa
pers is required to be prepaidl by the
publishers at tihe time of nailing, thus
relieving the subscriber of the necessity
of paying at his poIstoflice the quarterly
postage as heretofore.
Postage Prepaid by Publlshers.
The nuprecedentced success with which
the Times hais ii met, sinciee its establish
blent, is colnvincing evidence that the
people of the West and South, fully an
preiate the eftfrts of a jonrnal, wincn
In additiou to its entrplrise as a news
paper, has the courage to boldly declare
and coustanmtly nmintliiu thie principles
of its political filith.
The puhlic *jounal mostly deserving or
Deiilocratic suppoirt is the onlle that, in
addllition to being a: full andi faithfull aind
consistent advocate of Demilocratic prin
siples. A Democratic newicspallcr is the
ewspapler tfor I)Cemlocrat to sllp)l)ort, LLand
tlhe ildea sonleticies sought to be ilcnlca
ted bIry those who have lanl interest of their
own In dloing so thallt the people nmlst go
utside their party orglan to l"find tile
mews," is absurld sand iratinial. There
is no sort of inconimpatibility whatever
betweei tile political and non-lpolitical
jaurnlal as to tile matter of nlews; many
of the papers nlow published throughout
She coluntry, and especially valuable for
i;o amolnurt anti variety of their intel
ligence, being also known for the ability
Tadl earnestness witih which they chlaUm
pion their peculiar party views. Henlce
all thhigs else Iiing equal, it is mlauiftist
ly .the duty of Democrats to limit their
newspaper patronage to such as are of
Slheirown way of thinking, and not to
sqiuander their micans on thiose that wage
constant warfare upon their establishedt
*onvictionls.
It is our desire to see the Times in tlhe
hand of all eimocrats, andi every well
wilsher of the Government throughouti
the land, and in order that this may be
done, we aIr now offerilng the following
extraordinary ind'icraments tlo thosoe who
will interest theniselves and act in the
alpacity of eludit agents for the Times
throughout the ounltry.
Tlre Times is taller thie editorial anila
agement of STtr'o HIuTCIlIas, onle of its
ifllmders; associated with JollN N. Eo
WAns and R. H. SYLVESTEll, who lire
well andt favorably known to the Denllm
racy of the Northwest, in charge of a
raIrg- amid, capaable staff of writers and re
porters.
DAILY.
Including the "MaImnimoth" Sunday
Edition, containing "All
the News."
Daily-Seven Papers per week, per
year,sinugle subscription, by mail $800
Daily--hi clua of five or nlmre,'lper
year, each subscription, by nmil 750
'TI-WEElS IY.
r i-W e ek y-Isn-b ed Wedlalmaday,
Friday iudSatnrdlay-Si gle sub
Leription, pet year, by nrmil...... $4 00
Im clais of ive or more, each sub
aeription, by maruL................. 375
WEEKLY.
'Irlily, per yea, lingle copy, ain
g ltshseriptis.. hy mail....... .... 60
"  .,, , ' , I.ai '
In clubs of ten or'more, each sub
scriltion, by mail ................ 1 25
Agentf Not Contenling for Premiums
Will le allowed ten per cent commission
fromt the ahove rates, to be deducted be
fore mailing money.
The Merchant and Business Man can.
not take a more useful and valuable
newspaper than the Times.
Latest Financial Reports correctly
given.
The Times, for its size, is the cheapest
paper in circulation.
The Times gives the most complete
Local and Foreign Market Reports of any
paprer in the Mississippi valley. The
Market Reports are made up with the
greatest care from all sources, and the
subscribers to the Times may rely upon
having the best.
A first-class Literary and Family paper.
Editorial articles upon all the current
topics of the day.
The Agricllltlllurist will always find the
3Tin.s a paper suited to his wants.
Support your own newspaper.
Now is the time to subscribe for the
Tims. t
Subscribers to the Times should send
their oine.y, by Hpostotlie order or ex
press, to the address of
TIMES COMPANY,
St. Louis Mo.
WILD OA TS.
PROSPECTUS FOR 1875.
('hanmpion "American Comie Paper !
Illustrated by a corps of the hest Ameri
can artists, and contributed to by the
most popular humnorists and satirists of
the day.
Wild Oats now enters successfullly up
o:n the sixth year of its existence, and
has biecome thie estabilished htlutiortus and
satirical paper of rue counllitry. It was
started :iudl continued the first year as a
monthly, then, to satisfy the demanlld of
the publi , it was chlanlged to a tfirtnight
ly. Still continuling its good work of
hitting lflly as it flies, and showing up
the pllitical allnd social sliaUms by its
imaisterly calrtoolns liand pungelnt editorials,
it aichieved even greater sulccess thllan
before, and was recognized as til ablest
land brightest of its class. Since then we
have yielded still further to the public
demland, and now publish Wild Oats
weekly! It has literally grown into its
present shape oil its intrinsic wutrits, be
ing the first successful weekly humorous
palper ever pullished in this country.
Among the artists especially engaged
to friinis'i illustrations for Wild Oats are
Frank Bellew, Thomllas Worth Hopkins,
Wales, Shelton, Wolf, Jump, Keettels,
Stuckhardt, lDay, Poland, and several
others who aire yet known to fame.
Inm its literary deplartments Wiil Oats
will, as it always has, stand alone allnd
unapproachlahIle. At least one first-class
serial story will always be fOlnd in its
pages, by the best hulorllus, satirical,
anild chiaracter writers in the United
States; while its sketches and sqllibs
will be sparkling, original and pointed.
Wild Oats will be first-class in every
particular, and on this account may be
taken into tihe best fulnilies without fear
or suspicion, as ino word or illustration
will appear that can oltcud the lmost fas
tidions.
* Send for a Sample Copy and
Conrince Yourselves.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE:
One Year..................... $1i CO
Six Mlonths.................... 00
Three Months................... 1 00
Single Copies................... 10
Any person sendling Ius a club of five
stlscrlibers for one year will receive a
copy gratis.
Address,
COLLINS & ISMALL.
IPublishlers, 113 Fulton Street, N. Y.
VERRY LADY SIIOULD TAKE IT.
IETERSOX'S IAtGAZIBl
TIIE CHIIEAPEST AND BEST IN
THE WORLD.
Postage Pre-Paid on all Subscriptiois.
This popular Monthly Magazinle given
more for thile mloney than any in the
world. For 1875, it will le grea'tly im
proved. It will contain One ThouI.sand
Pages. Fourteen Spleundid Steel Plates,
Twelve Colored Berlin iPatterns, Twelve
Malnmuoth Colored Fashions, Nine Hnn
dred Wood Cuts, Twenlty-Four Pages of
Music. All tils will be given for only
Two Dollars a year, postage prepaid by
the lblishllcr, or a dollar less than Mfg
azines of the elass f "''eterson." Its
THRIILLING TALES AND NOV.
ELTIES
Are tihe best published anywhere. All
the mlost loltpular writers are employed
to write originally "PIeterson." In 187i,
in :lddition to the usual quanltilty of short
stories. Five Original Colpyright Novel
etts will be givenl by Mmrs. Ann S. Ste
phen14, Frankli Lee Benedict, Jane G. Auis
tin Marietta Holley and Daisy Ventnor.
MAMIO'rTlI COLORED FASHION
PLATES
Ahead of ali othtirs. These plates are
engraved ol steel. Twice the 1usual size,
iand are unequallhd for beauty. They
will be sllperbly colored. Also Honuse
hohl ia1d4 othler receilpts; inll short, evelry
thing interesting to ladies.
SUPERB PIREMIUM ENGRAVING!
To every person getting up either of'
the fibllowing clubs for 1875 will lie sent
gratis, a copy of (ur lnew and splcendid
mlezzotint for Iarlminig, (size 21 inches Iby
26), 'Washington's First intervihw with
His Witfe." This is a Five D)ollar Engra
vilIg, and the most desirable prelilmlll
ever offlred. For large cllbs, as will lie
Sienll Ihelow, alln extra copy of tatzazilte
will be sent in additon.
T'EIISU (Always in Advance) t2.00
a YEAR.
Postage Prepaid bSy the Publisler.
2 Copies for................$ 3 60
3 " "-..... ..... 4 00
6 " "..... ...... 10 00
9 " "................ 1400
12 " "................ 18 00
Postages Prepaid on the Clhb, with a
copy of the snperb mezotint (21x26)
"Wasihiugton's FirFt Interview With His
Wife, to the perumou gettirg up the
Chlb.
Postage Ptepafid n the Club, with both
an eitra copy of the Maitanae. and th
il"I'rb mezzotiut. " lWi.shigon' Firts
interview With hlis Wife," to the per
son getting up the Club.
Address, post-paid.
CHARLES J. PETERSON,
08(K Chenut street, Pa.
ý M peclmens sent ýratia if written
for.
THE BEST PAPER. TRY IT.
POSTAGE FREE.
Beautifully Illustrated.
'rie SCIENTIFIC AMIERICANlnow In
its 30th year, enjoys the widest circula
tion of anly weekly newsplaper of the kind
in the world. A new volume colIwences
January 4, 1875.
Its conteits embrace the latest and most
interesting informalltion lertailning to the
Indllstrial, Mechanical, anld Seientilic Pro.
gress of the World ; l)senript.ions, with
iceautiful Engravings, of New Inventions,
New Process's, anld Itpnrovdtl Industries
olf ll kinlds; Usetfll Notes, Recipe's, Sug
gestions and Advice, ly Practical Writers.
bfor Workluen anld Elmployers in all the
various arts.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN is the
cheapest and best illustrated weekly pa
per pullished. Every Inullier contailns
fronm 10 to 15 originail engravings of new
mischlihierv and novel invettions.
ENGIAVI 'GS, illustrating Impltrove
imeilts. I)iscoveries, landl Imiiportanlt Works,
pertainilng to Civil anud Mechaliica Engi
ilneering, Milling. Mining iandl Metallurgy;
leceelrds of the latest proegress in the Ap,
plieatioills of Steani. Stealll Eingilneerilng,
Itlilwaye. ,lhip Bulilding, Navigation.
Telegraplly, Telegraph Enigineering, Elee
tricity, Magnetisnl, Light and Heat.
FARMERS, Mechanics, Engineers.
Inventers, Mainufiacturers. Clleists, Lov
ers of Sience, Teac'llers, Cle.rgymnen, Law
vers, and Peoplet of all Profissiotns, will
find the SCcrI.TrFrc AMEIICAN useftl to
them. It should have a place in every
Family, Library, St udy, olice, and Count
ing Rtioim; in every Reading Rmllnn,
College, Areadlmly or School.
A yeair's nuti e contain lltili t33 pagest aid
SV:VEI.KAL HtlNI)RE)l ENotRAVINS( S Thou
sands of vollelltles are pI'erservetl for hind
ilng anld retference. 'lThe practical receipts
are well worth ten times the subscription
pries. Ternms,$3 21) a year by mail, in
cluding postage, Disc. uLnt to Clulbs Sle
chilmnens sent free. May he had of all News
Dealers.
SrT NTS. In clnnlection with
1'Alh Ic e SthcStc I 'Nri
AMvRICAN, Meissrs. Mriss & Co. are
Solictors of American and Foreign Patents,
and ihave the largest estlhlishllent in thee
world More thlan fifty thousand applica3
tions have been mlade for patents through
their agenlcy.
Patents are obtained on thoe best terms
Models of New inventions a&nld sketches
examined and advice free. A special
notice is made in thei Scientilic American
of all Inventions 'atetted tllhrough this
Agency, with the nalile anti residenlt of
the Patentee. Patenlts are often sold inl
part or whole, to pleilous attracted to the
inventiion by such notice. S,d tir
Pamplllhlet, 11i0 palges, laws and full di
rections for obtaining Patents.
A- dress for the Paper, or concerning
Patents, Muss & Co., 37 Park Row
N. Y. Ilrach Oltice, cor. F a: I 7th Stu.
\Vashintou, D C.
Jany 11i75.-ly
FITS CUItEI) FREE!!
Any perSon s lffering front the above
disease is requested to addilre.ss  r. Price,
anld a trial bottle of imedicinec will be
forwarded by Express,
FREE!
The only cost being the Exlprem char
ges, whlich owing to my large businelLiss,
are small.
Dr. Price has nmk' the treatlent of
FITS OR EPILEPSY
a stntly for years, anti ihe will warralnt a
cure by the use of his reuledy.
1),, ilot fail to lsendll to him for a trial
bottle; it costis nlotlhing, and he
WILL CUL'RE YOU,
o nilatter of how long staudiig ytour
case Ilay be, or hIlow lmany other rtlUc
dies may have tiiied.
Circulars alid testitmonials senlt with
FREE TRIAL BOTTLE.
Be particular to give your Express, as
well as your Post Olffice direction, and
Address,
Dr. Chas. T. Price,
07 William Street, New York.
March 6.-ly.
CONSUMPTION CURED.
To the Editor of The 1'eoplas Viudicator:
ES'nTEEMED, FRIEND:
Will you please inform your readers
I have a positive
CURE FOR CON~UMPION
and all disorders of the Tlhroat andll
Lungs, and that, by its use in nmy prac
tice, 1 hIarve cured hulndlreds of cases, and
will give
*1,(00 00
for a case it will not beitmiflt. Indeed, so
strolng is ty faith, I will lsend a ,AMtPlE,
FREE, to iany suffrer allhressimilg ne.
Please shllow this letter' to lany one yolu
mlay know who is sufferiing from these
diseases, ailid oblige,
Faithfully Yours,
Dr. T. F. BURT,
69 William St., New York.
March 6.--ly,
Burdick's National
HAY & FEED CUTTER,
W u at Ie, lna give ie wih le.pw
Abei of from maple
we will warrant methia5
•,use to tor Ila ma
mall deat la the ll.
eoremnde , b th set twar tmupai
for8a1. Lous and Lorut~le.
SEM1IPLE, BIRGE & CO,.
Neauamsom Arlhpioral Imploment sa pa
I$Pllease mintina h whalpapr lh re
SORGHiUM MACHINERY,
EVAPORATING
PANS,
FURNACES.
Pamphlets
and Prices sent to parties
applying, who will please
mention in what paper they
saw this advertisement.
8emple, Birge & Oo..
TIa 8RTH AIh 8,, CT LoM
Dr. J. Walker's California
Vinegar Bitters are a purely veg
etable preparation, made chiefly from
the native herbs found on the lower
ranges of the Sierra Nevada moun
tains of California, the medicinal
properties of which are extracted
therefrom without the use of Alcohol.
The question is almost daily asked,
" What is the cause of the unpar
alleled sttccess of VINEGAIt hITr
rIts f" Our answer is, that they
remove the cause of disease, and
the patient recorers his health. They
are the great blood purifier and a
life-giving principle, a perfect Reno.
vator and Invigorator of the system.
sever before in the history of the world
has a medicine been compounded poe.
ses.ing the remarkable qualities of Vii
.oa BrrrsITRs in healing the sick of
every disease man is heir to. They are
a geintle Purgative as well as a Tonic,
relieving Congestion or Inflannmation of
the Liver and Visceral Organs, in Bilious
Diseases.
The properties of PuDr,. WALK
an's VIYIs fiA Brnmus are Aperient. i)ia
phoretic. Carminative, Nutritious, Laxa
tive, l)iuretic. Sedative, Counter-Irritant,
Sudorific, Alterative, and Anti-Bilioua.
1 a-lm't',ui a3 ,..f.. ... ,
VINEGIAPR %I rrtTrs the os,t wolnk r
fitl Invigolrnt that ver iustlalile(
the sinking system.
lNo Personll c(ilta tae these hlit.
_ ters according to directions. a;ll re
Smain long unwell, providedl their
bones are not destroyed iy minerai
S poison or otlier melns, asid rital tr
- giuns wastetf iiet-indl repair.
Bilious, Remittent, and In
terlnittenl t Fevers, which are so
i'revailent in the valleys of our great
rivers throughout the United States,
especially those of the Mississippi.
Ohio, Missouri, Illinois, Tennessee,
Cumberland, Arkansas, Red, Colo
rado, Brazos, Rio Grande. Pearl,
Alabama, Mobile, Savaninah, Ro
anoke, James, and many others,
with their vast tributaries, through
out our entire country during the
Summer and Autumn, anlid emarka
bly so during seasons of unusual
C heat and dryness, are invariably tc
acompanied by extensive derange.
Smllents of the stomach and liver, and
other abdominal viscera. In their
treatment, a purgative, exerting a
powerful influence uponl these vari
ous organs. is essentially necessary.
There is no cathuartic for the purpose
equal to DR. J. WAI.KlKl's VINEGAR
Bli'rrTes, as they will speedily remove
the dark-colored viscid matter with which
the bowels are loaded, at the same time
stimulating the secretions of the liver,
and generally restoring the healthy l'unc
tions of the ligestive organs.
Fortify the llbody agai:st dis
ease by purifying all its thihls with
vlNin.Ga lilT'inus. No epidemic ca'
take hold of a sstelll thius liire-irlmed.
I)yspepsia or ilidigest iohn, Iead
ache. Pai in tlhe Shilclter. Coughs.
''ightlless of the Chest, l)izniness. Sour
ErucLtationls f the itoliacli. aid Trste
in the Mouth, Iilious Attacks. l'alpita
tion of thie llelirt, Illllnnuaitioln oif Ithe
Lungs, l'aiu in the regilon of tlhe K hiiney,
and a hunidred other painlful sylpltioims,
I are the oflfluiigsof )Vyspepsia.i Olne bet
tle will irve a lblotter pglUlranltee of ilts
Imerits than a lengthy adverti.iment.
Scrofuila or Kin'.s Evil, White
SSwelling. Ulcers. Elrysipela. Swelled
Nteck, (G;itlre. Sriloetliio, , I Ittll tllnatiois,
Iltdolent Inltliuinlntiolns. Mi rcuriail atitc
tlonlls, Old Sures, Eruptions olf thle Skin,
Sore Eyes, etc. In tilhese, as in all other
collnstitutiolnal I)iteases, WALKLr 'u Vl
IiR BIITTiRS have showi their great cur
ative powers in the most obtillate and
intractable cases.
For Inllamnmalory and Chronice
Rheumatism, Gout, Bilious, Remit
tout and Intermittenlt F'evers, D)isease.
of the IBlood, Liver, Kidneys and I ladder,
these Bitters have lno equal. Such Di.
cases are caused by Vitiated Iltnd.
IeeChauical Diseases.-Personts
engaged in Paints aud Mlinerals, sauh as
I'lunbers, Type-setters, Gold-hbeaters and
Miners, as tfhey advance in life, are slb
iject to paralysis of the tlBwels. To lguar!
against this, take a dose of WALKLas'
V iNKOAR Ilt IvIT'rs oecaionally.
For Skill Diseases, Eruptions,
Tetter, Salt- lheumn, llhtches, Spots, 'int
plea, Pustules, Boils, Carbuneles, Ring
wornms, Scald-headl, Sore kyes, Erysipe
hlas, Itch, Scurfe, Iiicoloratiou. of tihe
Skin, iHumnors and Disese olf the Skin of
whatever name or nature. are literall'
dug utip and carried out of' the systeml in a
short time by the use of these Bitters.
Pin, Tape, and other Worms,
lurking in the svsteml iof sno mnily thou
sanlds, are eflectually destroyedl and re
mloved. No system of nmedicine, no ver
muifuges, no alnthelminities will free the
abteml froim woriml like these Bitters.
1OForEIleColillmpaillts, in youngt
or old. married or single, at the dlawn lof
womalnlhod, or the turn of life, these Ton
ie Bitters display so decideld an influence
that improvement is soon pierceptible.
Cleanse the Vitiated Blood
whenever you find its impuirities bursting
through the skin in Pimples, Eruptions,
or Sores; cleanse it when you find it ob
structed and sluggish in the veins; cleanse
it when it is Iful; vour feelings will tell
you when. Keep the blood pure, and the
health of the svstem will follow.
R. ll. leSON.4ALD l) CO.,
Druggilst & Gen. A tg.. Sen Franeisco. Califor
ali & cor. oef Wlinitiii aidi Canrltlo 8t..N.Y
Sold ay yll Urusgglist aid lDealers.
POST HOLE AUGER.
over the old style
will bore aterin ll
conditione ofsoil, will
bore tbrougjlh floddy
Eooty, or Trashy
ohd withoutlth
lli of any other
to ,sean be used to
Holes, Hedge Plant-,
IANIFACTTIMD DY
SEMPLE, BIR3E £ 00.,
XZIf 'S A4YD HAIDWWBI
-& 5PCIAVLTE4,
1 &. Mala st., Bst Lear
Parties as weringl this ader
tlrement, plee state ha wa
piper the Iea 1it.
I Get your JOB PRINTIMG
donea at the VLTPIWATOR Office.
JOB OFFICE.
ALL KLNI)S OF
JOB PRINTING
EXECUTED WIT!H
Neatness and Dispatch.
POSTERS
HlAND BILLS,
CIROULARS,
WEDDING and BALL TICKETS,
CARDS
--AND
BLANKS
11OfEveryv Description
Printed at Reasonable Rates.
t Persons desirous of having Jon
PnISTIxo dlone neatly, expeditiously and
chean ,vre invited to c:dll at the offce of
~the *'VrmctrQ"
FLORAL GUIDE
Pior 1876. t
)I'iLISIIEI) QI'AIRITEILY. JANUA
ry Nnumber just issued, and cohtaisi I
over 100 Pages, 500 lEngraving, descrip
lions of more than 500 of our best Flt.r
erns and Vegetables, with directions for cutl
ture. Colored Plate, etc. The most use
ful and elegant work of the kind in the
world. Only 25 cents fir the year. 1'u -
lished in English and German.
Address, JAMES VICK,
Jan. 1t-ly. Rochester, N. Y.
ALL PAPERS QUOTE FROM IT !
THE
Detroit Free Press.
The liveliest of family newspapers, full
.of interesting news, literature, humororus
sketches, spicy par;:r:ipl, etc. Sainple
Copies free. Subscriptiozn $2 4() a year, a
post-paid. Address t
DETROIT FREE PRESS.
Detroit. Mich. t
--4
NEW YORK TRIBUNE !
The Leading Ametican Newspaper.
'TI1E BEST ADVERTISING MEiIUM.
Daily, $10.00 a year; Samsi-Weckly.
$3.00: Weekly, ".x4 c0
POSTAGE FREE TO TIHE SL'UISCI
BER.
Specimen colpie's anild advertising rates
fire. Weekly, in clubs If 30 or iLmore.
only $1.00, postage paid. Addlre'ss
TILE TRII NE,
New Y'ork.
ARTIIHR'S ILLCSTRI'RATED
HOME MAGAZINE
FOR 1875.
IBright, cheerful, progressive, always up
to the' advancing thought of the times.
The Hoinae Magazine takes rank with the
leading and most iutlu'lential periodicals
of the day. It is ron the sidde of temper
nll:ce and true christian morality. iWhat
ever is hurtiful it condeuiills without
fear or1 f|lvor, and makes itself felt in the
hoIuues of th e teople as a power l' good.
The Great ilousehold Magazine of
America, is muore thoroughly identitied
with the people in their home and so
cial life than any other periodical in the
country.
"Deborah Norman t her work and her
reward." A new serial story by T. S.
Arthur will be conmmenced in January.
"FIFTY YEARS AGO; or the cabins
of the West," by Rosella Rice. We an
nounce this new series of articles with
real peaslur. kLowing as we do that it
will be amlonl the most attractive that
we shall oiler our readers Inext year.
Miss Rice, besides holding the 1iºn of a
ready writer has in her possession a large
amount of original material from which
to draw, and a wide acluaintance with
people whose personal reminiscenuce are
rich with pioneer incidents and experi
ences.
"Ilonms for the People," a series of ad
mirably suggestive articles on homes and
how to make thesm pleasant and attrac
tive, by Mrs. E. H. Dutblhy.
"The Story Teller." This department
will be unusually rich. Blsides an
:tllaibunii lce of short stories, two or three
serials will ie given durig thile year.
"*Pipissiway" 'Potts the inimiitable de
lncator of home life and characte.r, will
have an arti:le in every number.
Buttcerick's newest patterns for ladies'
and chihlrens' dresses are given by spe
cial ;rrangemil'nt every lmonlth.
The Motlters' I)elpartlenlt will be care
filly edited and hIave suggestive articles
from our best and most experienced wri
ters.
The Hlousekeepers' Department will be
fuil l a ld practical, aLnd contain mll nly con
tlributiona fromu experienced housekeep
'"Thle Lion in Lovec' and "The Interrup
tedl Reader,"two large aitd splendlid iprc
Iuiumn engravrings. One of these in sent
free to every-smt,scriber.
$ 504 a year is the price of ARTiiIli'S
ILLUSTRATEID HOME MAGAZINE.
In cluhbs; 3 copies for $ti; 6 :i14d one ex
trat to the getter up of the 'lub $12. 10
anal one extra $2o. Ir 15 ccltts mullst
be added to each subscription for pre
payment of postage fbr the year. Spe
cimet llttumbhers 15 ccnts, in currentcy or
postage stamplls.
T. S. ARTHIIUR & SON,
Philadelphia, Pa.
WILLIAMS' MOWER & REAPER
tMg reses neau. rll o b. . Fr
dserlane .da oe11s. dr
SEXPLE, BIRGE & CO.,
13 Bouth MainStreet, St. Louis,
Paplse state ta uhat popr yaw esd this
EYERY FARMER HIS OWN MILLER
CHALLENGE FEED MILLS8
as
Combined
8HELLER AND GRINDER
Wi Orhald may in et
Fed, whether wetordry,
Osage Corn and Cob Mills.
F.z ls..aenes ssd asses eaii's
SEMPLE, BIRGE & CO.,
cbiths I lasdtwar
I3 etus MaLm sI., ST. LOUIS
THE DUBOIS PATENT
(IpProved Plan-tb)
COTTON G-IN.
bThe ibhet PmreIms at tem ist.P Pr at
Newte., Texas; Jarkeso, MIss.d sallama Ala.
ilseau.Preesee mem dKwee.weea.
Parte amewernal thlis, please rstate In what
LI I WMPLEa, N ESD & bO .,
VlIY YOU 811011.D TAKE
THE CINCINNATI ENQUIRE,
It is the P'ceop le's per, devoted to
their int'ere.tis nltl wel'are,
It is art imlartiI ftrinId to all m a8gd
IleNasurtes that benl it the coutntry.
It is the enemy of all meln :;td n .
ti'res that seek otny l.perstlnal gainu tiL
ex.nseu tthe c01 1 r' ('")1 w'elfare..
Its editorial cohlutms are for the ae.
cial purpose of exposinlg the fraud, º
- . o ---- ·l
goverument ollicials. and lawns cutala
inl lnugage calculated to de'ceive the -U
derstanding, and make lplain to its read
etr the mIotives, causes aln d et 1eti ,
gcneral and special legislative acts.
Its Xnews cohllunts t Ioatni1 the lates
news :and intelligeiee that can be obtai,.
edi from the flur qluarters of the glol
by lmeans of the telegraph, maila 4
corresplontbllldnce.
IL0s agrictultural columns are theLas
adaptedl to the wants of ftrlter', ali"
whloui are Invite.d to give their elpri
'usee amid rsllults of new ideuas nd a
perilnt'lts of all I. intlds of imlprocvt.eD t
calculated to advance the farming ji
terest s.
011e Is;sl of the Enquirer containu
more solid information and intelligetc
than can be had froim Iifty 'if the M, all.
ed literarvy jpaper.. MNeoe cawi lay a4
the El'; iier ' ithout adiltlrt"1g i va1h.
atle, addition to his or her stock of kuil
edge.
Its market reports have for years ,bei
acknowledged as the meet complte and
reliahble lputhlisl.hed, and of great atlit kt
-toc'k Dealers, l'roducers and TracGi.
tnu greerally.
It has d.elpau tmlents and r.,adi,g f',r ,h
old and the young. l'or tlhe iail, ,r,
tletndl e hte oulltiug hioe For thI !.F.
ch;ant atind llechallic-For the lallter ant
stock deale.r, and for latieS ianti gnltleI
men of every calling 11u stlatioti is lit.
Its ttrm are lre ow as any first dlats ay
Plr c1aI he printed for, an'l the quality
anllll quantlty of reading matter usesl at
excelled 4S anty other paper.
Try it lir this year. A Chromo in
every 2.Ol) Subscrilber Send your ub.
scrilptioln direct to the offtice.
R. R. R.
RADWAY'S READY RELIEF
ci'lES n1 WORSr PAINI
In irom One to Twenty Minute.
NOT ONE nOUR
sAer ready!ngthis advorlsmena need tarns
StFi:13 WITH PAIS.
BADWAYI £PA1Y ) it .T F IS A GUIR rta
lVEtY PAIN.
It wasthe tirstarn lS
The Only Pain Reamedy
that Instantly s'opsthemoetenaclniating .itbr. ats
InUtlmanunasi. and cures I' unestios. wh'.ar o
Luuga uch, eoBuwel, o[ & ugr Str laoraergmt,
oaapplicatina.
IN YrOM ONE T0 TWEITY MICTxI,
so matter how violent or exerucia-nia the ta La
RilEt LI TIt:, liet r Iden Ilnirm, c'rippled, 1.w
houralgic, or prUstr.ted with dieasw a smalr,
RADWAY'S READY RELUE
WILL AFFORD INaTANT KAILS
INFAIMMATION OF THE KIINEYal.
INFLAM'MATION OF TU0E i3Ipl
INFLAIIMATION OPF TH TE B UILu
CONG(EM1IUN o T a fgg
o0BR THROAT, D)IFICL'L BRaLTilIig.
PALPIT TIONo OF TiE AMI1.
EYSTERICS, CROCI', DJI'HTIITIA.
CATARRH, INFLUUll.
HEADACHt, TOOTHA(U E.
N I G A1.GIS, REiAITIL
COLD CHIILS, AGUE COILLS.
The applieatnn of the Beady Melllef llaebLe
palts a raethe parn or altculty a,1 £ dlabhnlds
&ld t':u tort.
Twenty dropsln haifaTmbler of waitr willinatfe
momenu aculre CH1tAMP'$,AP aSS.Ut I UeltMAcE,
IlAaiI'aL'r , SlI'e UlEADALCUI, DLRMiOEA,
DYSlN ERY t ol.10i, WIaD Ii 17E1 iS;WI~L
n·dalli T lTEINAI, PAINal.
Travelers should always ealry I boutl of Bal.
l*ay'.s eadv Roller wilteam. A tow dress
water willlprevent ackntxe or pn ns ao chau ati
water. Isis bttrmanFriaureL Blraadr l as as
egItulent.
" FEVER AND AeiB.
IE'ERNDAGL'Recurdtforlaty enta. lteb
lt a remedial ageuntll ts world tal, will eiar fmw
ad AAge n111d alll other Y~lariuu. hIlnu, lml
phol, Tellow, and oher Frears e .led by LAW
WA Y's PilI.Sao quekaa rADIWAlI'~ AIi 5.
LIEF. Fifty cetsape boutl.
HEALTH! BEAUTYll
STRONG AND PU': BRICE BLOPOD-13C3A1
OFrLEtlI AlD WEIGHT--LLeAl SKID AID
1EAUTIPfl 'L COMPLMIONM dhUL' III)AL
DR. RADWAY'S
SarDrillhiIaRlrdel
THE CREAT BLOOD PURIFIER.
lIA9 MADK THE3MORT ASTlONTIIlPI1C RFd:
QUIC:K. so RAPID ARK Ti 4:iIANtG. ;LUI
,ba Y UNI)WER;o~S.UNDEI THINRILUSIMWL
THAT •
Every Dlahy at T usm
at Weijht isSa a elL
lvery droamp of he .SARI,4.AnUI, TeTW
TENT comlnlnalllol thruh gbrhS IlIod bwmlk iri
and other Fluids and ju.c or tb ,rysa beingr
lif .for ltrepa~lrthe wases hb dy w !Lb ew,
Sound material icrobld, SL.,lt. CmuP_'a.Ic
Olandular disvase. Ulersa t Ihraw _n
morn. No4teinitlanhbaGanduade a!e1this
PoreRyes, Strimorousdiachirge tJ.Ds te Mlet a
Ihe worst forms of Sajin dac l  'r ain'S . r '
uore, aeraldl ad, Ring Woruk~l utayryst
Aene. llarl Epts, W'r-stn the rL 's, 7 (a'l.
ersln the Womb, sd all w, relas d P*
ehargel, Ni'htliweat, 1,,,s ft.perm eanr, n-lnd
thelfeprcltpiO ere wilhii lil cur- tro n"'e "ibi
wonderot Modern Chemistrr, na.dew a a.d'f r ~
prove toIay peronl uingtfDre ther otf tihedl-i
diseaeltspotetpower e e rri tbem.
IfthIb paienlt. duly tecasnll red. I.7h"u
aUd daee mpositIon that i a ,nt .cyur h progre ._ A
Wic b ew nv aterlltlla4e fr·Il t srl tn ieulae --l 1
theSAni.LP tlII.LIAN will 1nd 1,.,e~.rstltrW
Ia certain; fr h bea ono thibs rem ly eomamrlS
workofpurilleation. arid snceesa in d3is skihI
lusof wast s, Sr w rpir il be rpid' ant'rli tf
phepttiwll feel fsLhtmiscfrlmilt arlSIb45.
t lafoldd tIhI.g beleur,aslUti Rla sr¢mSIst
Ind weIEbti itereftalg. itistlva'i1
aI .o w·m remedtl aspIa She rclre uf o"lrc.rll"
lunltls. tnmnnlildtttohtLI and Skin i raeYb Y
snly polive cure for
Kdfey &e Bladder (bnomptul
Urinarynd Womb dlena.w. trare. ollae. be'.
Stoppaceot Watfer. Inncoatenecorl ri,". l.r li
sase. Albumieurui nlld in all car wheres Ib0
brick-duatdpolali, or hewater ihlch. rl'l4l.
withsuheltance ilks the whitoan elgg. or tlhra
whitelslk, ortbh-reta morbid. darh, bllut'ua
m.ce and white bnle-udeiadpalt. s.d wbra
pricking, buirluagsUiaatLlle Wh.le paaallg wai, P
f so. r of 12 reos' Grawl
cwred b6 RBdway'a RE.'eds.
DR. RADWAY'S
lsceT. Warratel d .to elend a pcotiv ed .r,
he urble, recatlas a aurs meanrcuIrSOs --i t
wr_'s ,Fl furt.. .r .' ~ra..tnb- l'. ,-k.
LIvrer, oueal e Pimador. ilmtdeer. mrcetl
lacleb, C'elltiprlio :lli nWlTb Idb ilc,
Patent Metal Linud,
aara. W mt)r ell itn cs tta
Vesetable, m ir ngmOU L' l.3a
Veb Inforrrmahinswrob ecioons' woll thelui
caused by the gReW'
Veering oftheboah
in this puomp Obd
y a metallio sP'
Seipple, Birge & Co.
KNSTIASD UPl'U'iALTILS W
IS SethL Wai amee, It. l6Uhh
Wr~LeasUe tate labdtiepeu')rWSN