THE PLATiORM.
Tbh ememtatie-Conervatile pFrty of
the parish of Natehithc , in 'oanven
ttoo assembked, prononne the followinog
rte le the inpues in this cnampaig, to the
fatlliimncnt of which we pledge our people
if called to power.
let. The election to, andi, qnalifiantion
in oicen, of capable, eomietintn aint hdlin
-t citisefasn, ihwo,rghly ilentiftied with
the Materkal int,.erets ,f olur parilsh.
'al. A rednellct of lth I ex'|selee owf lthe
Pairih to Iis than one'-lh:lf ,of its pre'uv.nt
parihl gster . and teoth/at enlcl e denaLll:tll
the reletlione of I ..twr, enl :,laer;,ie of t
£erMs to the staumlart l o a tfir remnucra
tion.
3d. A a.eintaiq:nce :and faetering if ga
rigorous PUBLIC S ltltML tsItern ,r
the benefit and eclwatiol s of a;ll the chil
dren of the p:Irish. both white antd ,lack.
4th. The fall re-ognitiou of the rights
of all men, withuut regard to rarce, color
of previo)ne rendition, lwfore the law.
lth The cnhemttllSn awnld enlbrcement
fa a wine code of lawsu, to protect all his
boring men in theJir rights, and at the
same time to protect and encourage the
capital invested in oar parish.
oth. We pledge ourselves that not one
dlolar of taxes shall be levieud to pay
past ohligations of our parish, for the
easoln that the law requires that provis
ioe to pay, andl appropriation for ex
penss, shall lo hand in hand.
uch egal and Jnst clainse an are dne
hey the pariab, ablill be paid from the rol
lection of taxes that are already levied
in accorlance with law, and dlue and
cellectible.
All monies mnsued in eeesm of appro
prlatins, and for fralndlent pulrpenee,
we conemn as nnll and void, and we
demand of our elected offlcials their re
podiation in tote; and we further pledge
ourselves, that legal steps shall be taken
to recover to the parish Tremery all
fruadolent claims of whatsoever eharnae
ter, which have been paid b"y Radical or
other olicials to any person or perons
whatsoever.
We arraign the Radlical Repulieaan
leaders of this parish, and indict themn
at the bar of public opinion on the fol
aowing counts:
let. For the election andti elevation to
eeial position in our parish, in saloet
every instanee, of awn totally dinquali
ikd, by reason of their ignorance, or
hnowu orrepthe
9H. We charge them with having di.
Itraced the benach of our Judicial District.
by the elevation thereto of a man who
was, and is Ia speculator in the funds of
the State and parish-the mover and in
tigator of  ery and rings, for the
plunder of the Treasury, and the impov
orishment of the people, as witness the
"map enatraet ;" the "bridge contraet ;"
the "pauper list rinK,' ani the "impigra
then bureau scheme."
We aharge them with degrading our
parish Judial bench by foisting upon
the people Parish Judges ignorant of
law, devoid of personal character, venal
tanl ertupt; one of whom publie opin.
MeO and as outraged commonimoty forced
hemt the bench for incompetency. and
bi knLown afiliation and econnection
with rings and jobbers, and another
stands lndicted before the Courts by a
competent Grand Jury, for embezzle
sent.
We charge them with appointing and
eomfrming to poeition, a Tax Colle-ctor
who, with a venal, incompetent and vil.
lainous Piclee Jnry, also of their party,
plundered the people and the Tre-asury
id untold tholmtndls-perjured hieotsf
In the settlement of his acron-ts-heap
ed upon as taxation at the rate of eight
per cent, and left us a debht to pay equal
in amount to one-ninth of the total val
Is of property in the peari-4t.
We charge them with the plntdering
of the School Treasury, through their
Judget, Senator, aInd tepresetntatives, of
thousands of doll ira. thereby depriving
atr ebhldren and those of otr colored
fallow-eltiuena of the benefit of edclr
thei, Ia erie thai an noutraged conlmlmlni
Lcannot to severely condemn or po
We denounee them fe bahing given ne
Maglistrate whehe dluty it was to pro.
tet the cltizen, snppress crime llnd vin
dicatl tie law, but who have been in
dieted or conviulcted for muarder, theft, or
a uriy .r of tl m prish of
lasehitoee oempoacn of the acot ig
eastu, debened and camrupt bedy of menr
honewn oeer State or the enoth, lhave,
by a sytrmatle plundering rule, reducld
the valuato of real amint personmal pro
gsty i a sim yeartur millin and
IletjN thatell l dnollarn levid alnd
eilectet fdrm a rple tnporisherdt ly
wt and overdlow, three homnlrel an;l
IWesty-thl! tboasuandl two blndredt aoed
inety*tbrll-e dollars gId six centsl or one
third of the entire preient "aluaioun of
propsrtly, both real ani personal, in ."xee
silan f8-have he apedl upon us in that
timhe a dbt of over one hunlred thou
sulnd dollnee have arrayed the colored
rase agipast the whites-have plunged
luainto*omr aidle, arrestral andl con
trlsss eitarns witheout warrant
f lawr.
We shrp the IRepubthliean party as
elng reepesihble pir all thi erime com
iltl i toe ariah, by mraon of the
laemsleany, lanuapeteney and venality
el their .cdah, amil we denmmnee their
gaernment of the pearish alnd State as
sentant and Infaneena, and not eleserv
n tho sppocrt and conaencec of a sin
g-w virtnous man in er communlity.
We dsliesssonmenae all di-ta-rlmc e of
hp lrac of t priab, and denounee
We demand a will enfert Reg~itra
th i, a dreleetleo and a fnircoun--and
to it d wil hold reonally respon
sible t the peeple of car parish, those
who entl the okeltiron sa .d
s machimersy. oa
Sretlsat L rer t, rtnebhment anH
ellli; that byJ Laseoy nd economyn, we
may redas. taxation-and lighten the
hrdes of the lpepe, and to that end
weall apes aI paMkitle sas dof ,tehi
-tesh, withot rgr to ruse, eelsr, or
gpvies eieditieto jel s.
Wa sbUt a tral etosmmtttng the
tate ld prish to or keepintag, ani it
mad tl omnmemi, sctrity, protection,
ms )n t d e aso d nwa on an over
ml sadn disharteund perc
lben drJv Ua s hem power with ser
Ups the paramont enores herein
auelktsi, we enedlaly invite the co
pertiasl ofeerly Dl uoae s ad Roplh
la, wk t iearest and winlntr in this
crisls ofo State, toanltewith us si
thegist wo st o ens.l
99 pa every meth is the
tblss umwe reremi, r;et
them wlil to wwk ean
emily earn a dears dol*
ar a dy rillght In thir
flare ano oom to eoplain
heg. Inss pleasat amlh honorable.
Wemi s.and bays ant grl do as well am
me. We will frnits yeo a complete
Outlt b.. 'Ike bstes pers teter
than aSt else. We wil hear ex
pen os tring ye. ParttIllars free
Write od e r se m l and mechlnie,
thetrsom an dghterl anmet all clasres
h aced ofl i week at home, eh-nl
rite to mau _ n 1 abl out the work
o se. Newis h leh.. Dmtdelay.
ime l~Tl & CO., Aulusta, MaiYe.
-oeger seeseam sad Smalet Sew,,
tamr koolha
IIARDWAI E,
AND *3Nk3AL MNIIIIANDI4-L
glbeges lneo4bsecaSe us. E
NIGH SOHOOL
'I'IE building is completetd and will he
I opened for the reception of pupils, on
MONDAY, 3k day of APRIL iext.
Clasets to be of three grades.
lst Elementary Spelling, Reading, Wri
tit nlld lirst rule.s of Arithmetic.
.nt1d :allte contiuiel, with Hlistalry, Ge
oe:.rllphy. Oral Arithmletic, use of
Gloees. Engrlish U;ralennuar, Rhet ric,
Eesrchiws in Elteutionl and ComUpori
':;rd ligher or ITUiveri.ity Arithmetic,
adlvanced .I ;tha'umatics. Natural and
Moral Phiule,.hy, and the Ancient
L anguages. (Laltin and Greek.)
TERMS:
Tlition, for First ('lae, per month $3.00
" ' l~troll " " 4 4.00
" " Third " " " 5.00
(Piyable monthly.)
BStard can be had in the city with
private famluies, from $10 to 01i per
month.
W. C. J.IACK,
March 25.-tt. Principel.
IV Get your printing done at
the VINDWiATO' Jb Office.
WILD OAtS.
PROSPECTUS FOR 1876.
CAmapion Americas Comic Paper!
IlnMtrated by a corps of the best Ameri
can artiats, ands contriblut to by tire
newst popular )imluristi s anul matrisat of
the day.
Wild Oats now enters s:ccesafully up
on the sixth year of its existence, and
has become the established hnmorous and
matirical paper of the countri. It was
started and continned the first year as a
monthly, then, to satisfy tlhe demand aof
the puhlic, it was chanwged to a fortnight.
ly. Still continuing its good work it
hitting lidly as it liesm, and sowing np
the political and social alelm by its
masterly cartoons and pllungent edlitorials,
it achieved even greaInter nuccess tlall
before, and was recognizedl as the ahel-.t
and brightest of its elas. Sincl'e thenl we
have yiteldeed still furtlher to the lllhlic·
demand, and now lp,,lish Wild O;nt
weekly! It has literally grown ilto its
present halpe on its intrinsie m rits, -e.
ing the first suncnefll weekly hnnumorous
papler ever puelliahed in thies country.
Among the artists especially engaged
to furnis+ illnetrations for Wild Oats ara
Frank Bellew, Thomas Worth Hopkins,
Wales, Shelton, Wolf, Jumpi, K'eettels,
Stuckhardt, Ihly, Poland, ast several
others who are yet known to fame.
In its literare deieaRtmelnt Wild Oaits
will, am it always la;. Matad alone caidl
anapproachahle. At east one lirst-class.
serial story will always he folund inll iI
Spages, by the best humorouslt, satirical,
anill chararter writers in the ltnlited
Statesm; while its ske'tches anld squitns
will ble npakling, original and puointed.
Wild ODats will be lir.t-clsse in every
particular, andl on this ac.lount nmay te
taken into, the pest famlilies without ifear
or susnpicion, as Ino word or illnutration
will appear that can offend the mmost fas
tialians.
,*- &Stu for a &ample Cop!y and
Conrinee Yoarselres.
SIBSCRIPTION PRICE:
One Year.................. . $4 00
Six Months..................... 0tg
Three Mnthslu................... I 0
Single Copice....... ........... 10t
Any erserMn sending us a club of five
aeimeriters fet one year will receive a
copy gratis.
Addre.,
COLLINS & SMALL.
Publisherr. 113 Felitoe Street, N. Y.
EVgRT LADY SlOtLD TAgE IT.
PETEISOB'S iA&AZIXE
THE CHEAPEST AND BEST IN
THE WORLD.
Poeta~ g Pre-PaI on Sll Sabcriptions.
This popnlhar Monthly MagaSine giv~s
more for the mloney than say in the
world, Ior 1.7, it will be greatly ie
pred. It will contain OnCe Thensand
Fun. urteen pletndid nteel Platmis,
Twelve Col-red Befrlit Patternm, T .welve
Mammothl Colocred Pashiona, Nine Hunc
dtrel Wreotd Unts, Twenty-Faour Pages oe
Musie. All tisi will be given for oluly
Two Dollar. a year, poetigee+ prepeid t Iv
the pnblisher, or ai ddtlir le's th.Ilb Mauy
Iaine. of the dae ft "I eterfeMs." Its
THRILINO TALES ANID NOY
ELTI ES
Are the tbet puhlished anywhere. All
tile mont Ilpoular writers are emphIlvyedt
to write aerigilnally "Petersone." lIe 1~7.-.
In adllition to the eanal qlluaetily evf ,tehrt
stories. Five Original Colpyriaiit Novcl
eltt will be given. by lIrs. Alsi 8. tRe
phes, Frank Lee Beiedetit, .laIi' (t. All,
til Marietta Holley nml tatiiay 'Veintllcer.
MAIMMOTHI COIORED FAiHIiON
PLATES
Ahead of all others Thlieem plate.s .r.
engrave'd on steel. Twt'ee the iuctlail :ize.
asit are uneqleI d ftr Iwetlylt. iT', "
will be nlp.relv rhetlcd. .xi. Ie ,.
holdt ell ot;'er r'e,'ipt.e : ii . rt it -
thing ilterr .tingg to I;Lti, c.
UUPERB PIEMII:\ I i.N,:it l VING!
To every terleola g..,,. Iai, e'ither .t"
tihe faelliwilig aleinan I,.r , .; will lIe a. lit
grItin, a co 'f , , ,i . I .ll',h
Jmcsatin t fr farllinh, , i. t,. +
44), i'illllti+'! :- t'hWafijt itilervliw with
Hie Wife." Tiie a i a'.1t I l.iE.Lr E' gr.
ving, aniet ilie mec-st Ke'.ir*,h.l pieiiuC'i
everofferedl. oe elrhr elseis, ,n v. :1 awle
,en b-eltow, 3o1 exti: 'oly att ,lazizir.
will he oent inl additon.
TEIRMS (Always in Advance) $2.0
a YEAR.
Poe&tag Pepaidh le Pwider.
2 Copies for:...............$ 3 0
3 e" " .............. 4 41
6 " "................. 14 e
. . " "..................34 0
Petage Prepaid thle Club, with a
seoPr oi- th superb measetlnt (10alS)
"Wabingtrl's Firat Inmtervrlew With i
Wife," o the peno gpttltal up the
limI
PI atage Plepid ui the Clab, with both
: egra s oIth Mgaghu mud t
superb meseotint. "Washingtou's First
interview With His Wife, to the per
mom getting up the Club.
Address, post-paid.
CHARLES J. PETERSON,
306 Chesnut street, Pa.
SP specimens sent gratis if written
for.
THE EST PAPER. TRY IT.
POSTAGE FREE.
Beautifully illustrated.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN now in
its :tlnt year, enjoys the widest circula.
tion of any weekly newspaper of the kimld
in tile world. A new volunme commences
January 4, 1675.
Its contents embrace the latest and most
interesting informnationl pertaining to the
Industrial, Mechanical, and Scientific Pro.
grews of the World ; DIserilptiols, with
Beautiful Engravings,of New Inventions,
New Proce.cns, and Improved Industries
of all kindls;: lseul Notes, Recipes, Sng
gestioni and Advier, by L'ractical Writers.
for Workmen and Emnployers in all the
various arts.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN is tihe
cheapest and best illustrated weekly pa
per published. Every naumlber contains
from 10 to 15 original engr;avings of new
maclhinerv and Iovel inventions.
ENORAVI 0S, illustrating Improve
ments, Discoveries, and Important Works,
pertaining to Civil and Mechanica Engi
neeringm, Milling. Mining and Metallurgy;
Records of tlhe latest progress in the Ap
plieatioms of Steam. Steam Engineering,
Railways. nhip Bnilding, Navigation.
Telegraphy, Telegranh Engineerirng, Elec
tricity. Magnetism. Light sand Ileat.
FARMERS, Meehanics, Engieers.
Inventors, Manufactlrers. Chenmists, I.rv
err of ience., Teachers, Clergymen, Law
yers. aind People, of all Profa'ssiols, will
Hind the IlclI:xTIFIC AMIE:nC.is nsefinl to
them. It .shiuld have a place in every
Famnily, Liblrary, Study, olier, and Connt
ing Roimni; in every Readinlg Loomn,
College, A'adinem.y or School.
A year's nnmnrls'r cantain 83 pages and
SEV:RAL H',ecru ENIAYAvsIs Thou
sands of vhomenas are lerservel for bind
inng and renfire'.ee. The practical receipts
are' well worth ten times the snlbueription
priice. Term's $S M :s year by mail, in
,lnhilng postage. D)ise' t to Clubs Spe-
cimens se nt free. May be had of all News
le alers.
\TEPITS In eonnectia, with,
IA. *.theC(IKNTIFIC
AMErkICAN, MNssr. MtIS ('o. are
S&li.tors of AmAm iidc anoe For. i.gn 'Patenltu,
antd have the large, e.,ntli.elltnt in the'
world More than filty tlh,nsand applice
tions have been maide for patents, througih
their agenrcy.
Patents are obltairced on the bst tcrmn
Models of New inventions and ske'thel.s
examined asud ladvice free. A spepcinl
notice is miade, in thue ci.'ntitle Amceric,:an
of all lnventicons Psatinted tihr0ugh this
Ageny'v. with the name, and residlrnt f1.
the l':ate'nter. Patcents c:re Iften .,led ion
part or whole. to eersoIaLns :attr:al'te'd to thlu'
invention !by such niotice. N~Mld tfw
Pamlhhlet. !1Ii peages., lw.' :anil full di
rectiions t~r OCntainiun P;at}'nts.
A dress for the Pat'wr, or n,e,,rnin
Patet.nts. " t'r, & Co., :17 Park nRon
rN. . tr ýsc'h ;tiE', e. arI JU lt Ste.
Winlahintott, I) C.
Jany 11 75.-Iv
JOURNAL OF
AlGRIILLIRh AI.D FlIl[R.
A Weekly for Farm, Or
chard and Famn ily Circle.
.The Weekly J-ornal and Farm ier is CI
ccnsolidatio of te ine motntlh" .l Jornal of
Agricnultire. ail the. Weekly Miss,uri
Farmer, is now tine greatest leacding poipun
la r Fairm mand tFiresidel aper t tie'
IMantlwest.
litS edepertnnm'nts are complete anitl chl"
edited. The Grange is a hlading fe:tunre',
and thit dep, rtnment is always fall of
g Ld things colntriunted by the mein.enls'
of the rler. The ladin, are heard
through the colmums dehvt'dl to their i.n
terests, and many hints cf hnuehhc,.
utility and gosl adlvice can be ghleanedl
biy tliesel win wwish to become orn.an,.ncnts
in their hninlles and by thiir firesiide.
All clases will ie isetritted by re',alig
thie .lornal of Agrieclture and Farimer,
and no iataily sohlc he winhmout it. Jt,.
MARKET REPORTS
are complete, autbtic and reliable, anud
the lpalnper is wewth then suls'riptisom price
alone taget its markete, fresh amd relia
ble every week.
Send for it! Read it ! Take its ad
vice, and it will pay you.
,Men an,.' women, bIoys aid girls, old
anild young, gi'V e the Jouriil of Agricul
ture acd farmner as trial for one year,
maid see if you iacvr .o, 1ilede a geid in
vesitmnent. Ii is in liairga'. t al .t4 'eoliiinn
we'ekly l grilrl, -hutirnlca ge an' d n . mli
ly N'c.wspaeir, nind is free rorunn politicali
iniid retligi-aas di.eii..ionce, mid its chait'
anell wit wrilttec, l:gjes ncike. it a we,
conmic vinifr in tnhcceinldl of houme'helhie,
in llthe gre.n .1li..seisilc .i Valley.
Cliab acg,.'ts wanthcd, tc whn-nlit Iiieral
te'rmuee will in. givc.,. We watil. agemtt
in e.very tow an village.
Sc'nl lt hirimln emipy flee, and ii
ask thait ' cci ec'neln elc time nacmnee of yecin"
fiEi, h:'n we may send them ape'
i':hbe ipa tiin price, *:'.(0 per miuilnnmi
e'hl;bs cf . or nmo'r, i$.i0 ach. Postagi,.
;: C'ait. cit i et le se-nt with each usnia-,
a We rw e p:y every paper sent out.
CIIi'W, CORDE, . & CO.,
310 North Sixth Street,
t. Lnis, Mo.
WHITEWA TER WAG0O
ALSO SING iAD DEllUOCAT WAGO18
Where we have no Agents
we wi 1 aell dirgct t parties
desirng them. Ir ce and
desoriptiol furnias e I on ap
pioation. The W/hisewater
costs a trifle more than or.:1
nary wagons, but is the
eeapest in the long sun.
SEMPLE, BIRGE&CO.
1*8 11TIH 1Il1 ST., ST. LOUIS.
/ Partles writing us w0!ll
pletase mention in what pa
per they read outr advertfse
meont, as we wish to give
redlt where it is due.
I3~ Get yaour JOB PUITIIG
don, at the Violan o ls 01w.
Altenlion VotersI
The office of Registration will be open at the fol
lowing places for the revision of the Registry in this
Parish on the following dates :
Ward 12-Natchitoches Aug. 28th to Sept. 2d.
" 9--Emile Rost, September 4th & 5th.
,, 10-Cloutierville, " 6th & 7th.
" 11-Caroll Jones' " 8th, 9th & 11th.
" 12-Natchitoches, " 12th to 16th.
" 2-L. G. Barron's, " 18th & 19th.
, 4-Campte " 20th to 22d.
, 3-- Grappe's Bluff, " 23d.
" 3-Broadwell's Store, " 25th.
" 3-R. .W. Flemming's, " 26th.
" 5-Allen " 27th.
" 5--Beulah Church, " 28th.
" 6-W. A. Ponder's " 29th.
" 6-J. J. Martin's " 30th.
(" 7-Bayou des Mules (Cedron church) October 2d & 3d.
i 8-Jas. Beasley " 5th & 6th.
" 12-Natchitoches, o" 9th to 28th.
Voters are notified to bring their old papers that
they may be verified and if necessary corrected.
E. K. RUSS,
Supervisor, Parish of Natchitoches.
Let every voter see that his tale is proplerly )spelleld atndl written; that the
number on his IRegiktratii paper corrt'spondI s with that! o, the Registration Book
F'ery person~ who Iha :,'rived, at the age ol) 2; since last election, or who has
moved into the parish since that time, Imust ICeeistCr n:,iw.
L.et every p:ltrio'tit white Imail iin nI'" parish ºei e withloult fail. It is the
Yly w;I to, out v,.te and def!i!e: t.he lhi,ºves iin ,;. , i.et ev,~ry ward h!e up
a1uti dollug--the brave tllnd Iat'.iotie to cheer tl t., ti: :1iil ill to work togethelr.
Once more to the ,,lls iy eoit;',y!tlen. ancI Vitry is .1r.s.
C. F. DRANGUET,
Chairman, Democratic Central Committee, Parish
of Natchitoches.
ALL PA!'{ 1S 0U3Tt F1,rO1I !T
T-IL~
The live liest of family ii.wtejt: r,4, fell
ofV mnt retintg ne~ws. lits dtuIle , hug, i-reimu
eske·tches, spicy Iaar:a :'aph, etc. ?'mt;ijde.
Colpies tfree. ubtlh*cr tiiai"u *: 0;1 as Y4"1,
ilot-ipaid. Addcess
DETROIT FREE PRE.S.
Iletroit Miche.
THE DUBOIS PATENT
OO TTOW GZ·q.
bunu~ 1a~Jmbu Kh .aiblm Mbr
l1.1 I s$ iha a fit taw.lrit.
V.1k.mwedm1f ,h owe lausi
ms. mass. a Co.,
amt
&gftdWMW --' ft&- 66 -- ftedgU%'
EI Y ARMER HIS OWN MIltll
CIHALLENGE FEED MILLS
Comblned
SIELLESAN GRIBlNDER
L b.lumy md M of
wrt r wul ea
Oape Corn and Cob kills,
sEXPLE, BEM B a CO.,
-urN In birww%
ýl6IN ab. 1. 34135tMMU ' N~
Climi bu ig~rmO
POST HOLE AUBEl
4n7
Bas br Posti
KMAMTM~rED BT
SEMPLE. B!R3E a oo,
ZNlT* Al1D IAf nl w.
135. MwMli St..e Lea
Puettes snweaing IbJjg Itr
=Asbegir i 4ýete f~ha wa
SORGIHULM MACHIBNERY,
CANE MILLS.
EVAPORAING
PANS,
Pamphlets
·nd Price seut to partie
applying, wrho willl plese~
enZotion In what paper they
Yw this aderjeem~rent.
B~emple, Bfge & Oo.
ii RPUtH tIAIB e1; C1
r "4"
IDr. J. Walker's California
nVIa4 r Blitters are a p"rely Veg
etable preparation, made chiedly from
the native herbs found onl the lower
ranges of the Sierra Novada moun.
tains of California, the medicinal
properties of which are extracted
therefrom without the use of Alcohol.
The question is almost daily asked,
" What is the cause of the unpar
alleled success of VIsEGA BIr
rsa f" Our answer is, that they
remove the cause of disease, and
the patient recovers his health. They
are the great blood purifier and a
life-giving principle, a perfect Reno.
vatr anud Invigrator of the system.
Never before in the history of the world
has a medicine been complounded pos
musing the remarkable qualities of VIt
oas Iltrrsuas in healing the sick of
every di sasse man is heir to. They are
a grentle Purgative as well at a Tonie.
relieving Congestion or Inllanmattion of
the Liver and Visceral Organs, in Bilious
h)i.ease'i.
The propertles of DP. WALK
E'S V iNEi A It ITTERmn are' A l;'rietnt. Dia.
phiortit. t'armllinativ.'. Nlltrilion,. Laatn
tive. i) urt.:eic.Sed:,' :'r..C,unutr-Irritalt,
$,!.ri'' . t.lterait i' ,1.1 AnIti-Bili ous.
WILLIAMS' MOWER A REAPER
SEPZLE. BIRGE & CO.,
13 no Mainttrec*, £t. Tr:.
%Mt plsew state lt whatp a. PLO
FLO AL G
) .11l. :-. ,
tll'e . 1oi nt si 1'..·, . .,
atits 4f twF . * PJ.w
fnl and eulla ct. r , , ,i l in *,t
worhi. .Oni t .s t', + s , . a 'th
lishe l in E :;i+j ti, a , " ':+, .
Adr ,S .. ' " ."
.Jn,,. 1l-.'. I .
The Leading Att jien New TIia,)FE
TilE BIEST ADVEITISING; )MElfZI i
Daily, $10Jt.I a year; Seri-Weekl,.
$3.00; Weekly, 4J.00
POSTAGE FBEE TO THE 8U 0CI
BER.
Specimen copies and antertising rates
ftee. Weekly, in clubs of 30 or mnors.
only 1.00, pllstage paid. Address
THIlE THIBUNE,
New Yaork
ARtl1U'llti:'S !LLU S''RA'E 1-)
I '~E iAGCAZI E
R) I~t 18ci
c130 ;ir tat'hr . .tiigl ptIkiP', "i't- C tia in 14I h
wIth i PMtl )I'lt'tl. i th i Ititiatll ' of the ( '.
I'llI'. Io't 11N.I-` z to r:n. hr wor,\Fk wititl tlii
rt"rudi.g' A ,ttw 4-t iir d i'4tirl ba '1'. .'i .
of htit ' ll Iti. n 1 i tuoic t t it t .JaitIo tetI
4,1' tame nVcnt1," by! 1 b18e1i3 Itic'i. WVc ha
a"uiIt'&' s tin. ie et ricit ot abrt1cleM4 Wtitt
real u- ealvtrt' ktwi ukti, aitaf wel win tiat-I
vi1Ibe' aof t Ilg 1c1'u Inoitt att.Ial~ i ll. tg at?.
The nl~all ll I I1' n t nstldc A .rc'zilit' of
rIii·e lsee lrjt't i~i.tc~'i Iiali,g the pen ol at~c
amiaaouttt olt' o~iriginl mniatelrjH ial 11 wichl
to traicw, aistlt ma wide aefhiitintanscc0 witlh
lith Ii itla pli'on ir thieidei a nti eapcri
t"-ioºtttti f!r b t. I'eople,'r ," a tries oi a1v
uatrll:aI.Iv itllggtcttt ivt' itrticle't Ci IltarlItte aullt
114W 4taike titint It'&t4It aIdt ultrrc
"The 6 t) y' I' ter." I.tmia Ierw rktttrnut
wi'llw e ito: Aitslr' iich. Iltoibe T. I5.
1-t his' wil In' rl llltut'need ill .11111n111'1"
-FIFTuit.&ie YE hArt A0t0l4i);s tw or the aree
uoagev t \rills Ie "' series of articles with
reial witilheaive .attng th we ylo etar
laneaor s(~leonghe mliftl and alttractier, will
Wle st an orIrei lou ire atdersy tts1tyer..
uilst eick'a i It'W11t j)It lull'IlS ther proi of'
readtl cwilrcin' terthas i.4 har gsivetat bi but
:cit I tar' . iig.'ptrnt e~vily tlttiitht
''istllI(t hall~~'li) I)ejntrt nn'nl~t ~ivil be care.
(uhIy (4liit't' oritgl IItia tvri4tiet(in ,IC which
Tie'h1!~'kep'P1'D~~yp·aainwn willbe.
to i draw, i'an l, ned tiwie tllta taay with
peoplitip, Ii .rtirclllt I irewh tektuceart
rih with Iaaager atieuti atnbd exei
howto ' al Rdtaitta, atta1
ilerittsl tllet.. pnre.
"The c t'" e T'illeartmen
wcil Ile 'n.n1· ity rich. Besides an
iP loeitfat sto to orth.e
strtl wlº Briok'n Nationgteyal.
hA Y'1slt ay FEEDs th U TliTaeRde
Wideatuog. hosuifed charatrwi
hav an Cutlet inlmee smbr
~Lb. .t iseM~ ush
Bnut t hick's e&t.alf
civil :Ira got l' t ever Itiollth.-'
meal tblngu Irk Eb
rh sua iisst' Dthe a tantwilhbcae
,sEMPLE, IraGlE a CO.,
Umluy eite uh t Havesagmg +'t luplumsmm 'a
Iwsmil m'n ossou motmuupiser gmdw
:tllut s s'si'o intn pert)nce'l l ouckeep
1Davlu dt 2Padcon
DINM'VILLERS.
StGOl PROPWItT~og nf the celebrated
t-Y OLENWOOUI WNIIIISKEY. Thewe oMlr
are wrranted strictly a pure FIOUIt MASH
W IlSKEK, made on the old plan of Dintilla.
tion, and particularly tseolnaiendel for ME
DICINAL PURtPOIgS. Orders Solicited and
promptly illed from Warehouue
No. 297 MAIN ST'rEET,
It)Ut8VILLE KENTUCKY.
Awl1 - ty.
WiY YOU SHOU LD TAgg
THE CINCINNATI ENQUII i,
It is the People's paler, devet l
their interests and wel.are.
It is an impartial friend tu all ame
measures that benefit the country.
It is the enemy of all men and 4
ures that seek only perstonal rela N"
expense of the country's welf;lre.
Its editorial columnls are for thegg
cial purpose of exposing the *fiaue '
governmnent oflhcials, and laws oetli
inl language calculated to tiecetive thb
derst:ndilng, and make plain to its rtea
eers the nmotives, causes rand effett ci
general and opelcal legislptive asta.
Its news colhmums cuUtain thle latm
news and intelligence that can be obtalg.
ed from the four quarters of the glote
by means of the telegraph, uralaI W
correspondence.
Its agricultural columns are the but
adapted to the wants of farmers, all eJ
whom are Invited to give their esx;e.
ence and results of new ideas anid
periments of all kinds of improvemest
calculated to advante the taramig g
terests.
One Issue of the Eaqutrer suatn
more solid iuformstiou and intelligsa.
than can be had from fifty of the o cajl
ed literary paerts. None en laty ai
the Enquirer without admitting a tvle,
able addition to his er her stlak ftkwnl
Ft .market reports have iot ymrs
acknowledged as the most completae
reliable published, and of great valm tW
stock iealers, Purdusear and Tram.
mncu generally.
It has depastmeuts and trading rt .h1
old and the young. For the family l .
cle and the souuting house-For the mas
chant and mechanio-For the famer sa
stock dealer, and for ladies and genl*.
men of every ealling and station in lie.
Its terms are low as any first olas
per can le printed for, anui the qualit
and quantity of reading matter uased a
excelled by any other paper,
Try it for this year. A Chro S
every $2.00 Subscriber Send yeoag,.
scription direct to the olve.
R.R.R.
RAIWAVY' READY IEMF
in fern One tewenty MImuwl
mI' @uu noum
Th omlyp Pwln Pl
h wrtrarturr
"uu uai .ir ra irmn .uw N
RADWAY REIAbDY mIUI
* Wi LL AMID5 hIIffANI Ka~
t INI'LMANVATNIN U Til l LADMb.
lDfl .[AMMAIoN (i THE of WRIA
~oA1J'~t ITAtClsW 15 5*5
C10 IIIPTlRU OI
PAI PTbr rOO1K AVHK.
vr&ufA1GIA. "wau alrp.
COLD EULLu, LOUv CHIRLU.
ThesplieMkmefhse Roady ltdY I t
pane WLerolbgOI p.mwIollcli Owls.i*U1YdlinY
Mdr Iw rukri ss.n dczsa.la
Twemty dftpihIbhtftasblt s t winwe Oa~b
rou run K: VKAIl'U ..PPMIN,IoURNt (a~
*UARTIIU 194.6SIUK ihtAuAcIc, VlABRR E
YBBN iRol ClC WIND IN TII Ylow
W4611l 'TLRWA PAINS.,
Travelrre 064.9 'wa e aawy 1 b.*S d Rm
wIy's 9Iadv R[eltciIuaeus. A [w Egpe1
Wasrwt I rapemt mrhnsm or nn . cheess
Wmmr. It i bYlutlgssfu ju ISPS MS
tmht".
15V33YE AND LOWUS
13115 Awnaar'3enrfisf7 ee nM .. 5
I'Mt h'iisial mel Is1m Nis AD s w 111ML?
Ar. l P nl y sinbp rh..u lsm. , lste
HEALTH IBEAUTY II
U 5 IOF AW Ib ?
DMºAI3IUl.llVUs1MLWUui UUl. bTlls
DR. RADWAY'S
SaraRpillira lereit
THE orEAT SLOOD PURIFIES
TlU AWK Ro R If AKI I K ',tiA Nqstst+Rli
HIS TRUb IP *US~~pDMSUW. MID U5
wISA
Iverj Dal at luraem Ii hie
aid Teigt u sell ni Felt
drop of ~uthe NARA~l HloodAw1
N cta tuu.through tie Kieod, Kweut, Uw0
I?ýfsir lbsithIhs weiss. alibi hol with sswsw
muG6 tugub. Lerninis Sypb: its Cseuuasl .
*Isdsie discus, Ulrs in ti bs roil, WoalhWt
bits. No ntssin u sedssnusr of Ms.
ann I nKploo rdkshrl broa on Y ls º lie rri
Mn wrtttail ins IeSI diseeses, i~rupiIfnse, e
tl orel Ibe ld l m d rcrw la Eastl~ha. ý,.ý;yy,
Uemulsu4 Il ard, Wrnr tRorta st hsnegLehyiis,
lane itstlpoesC FcWa~llsh dFJ4 futanistc1
omit t% Womband all w' skesangad swinG die.
W srrgarlýe, ,sms isnn nflierm nduwll
poe OI elrtlm siure
pt~e. oweritretia
jtlILK ssnt, mbbeangredasM byihw.wgw
wiaewus siuw buame anCu pits tlaaNtf
INRA ew A RIWIA$ lland uwib ýs-sU
saerilsa; Me aheasnes shis reamody mntemssslm
Waora pvilleiilos. fles mprs ii ede In ia
hudwi~ ms. lhteti mh itit beapiA, auioesrydsp
wpttlntwllteRhlndelfprnne Lieursndman
wfoods atbetter~eppetl Ir p onrr r eud li
Not ydwiheritihPnesramwts Ieuuerehedsse
t we reaedhiqsialslb, te priuortuhassa. usia
I7 ý ed bal disesusug baI$istb
Z~dasq & Rhe~r £~buplh~mba
$topp jintiso dntbIsiniiseeumnrbtIe, li hi's
few, Alhetelerle, e a al e. white t
wthesidm gsnessitbesbas wewtarnn thie. nkmriinra
whiaisl , aitbeisisS msurbiii dar bJirimls a
palswhl s ensfluedelrnelttnl sOOL s
1ta~ ij ! en- ri k
VOW i t - R S
DR. RADWAYSB
,r 9IlSt rfl V, cleamseusir WWtsh'aMU.i
y s W cra, eureeelld~oLd ree the tl(ese
flavefllewelsr,ldwy. "ladder. Ierro nm lDrIr
aCoutlpatlnh.onsUlreness, Imdlicstlnh, D
gemaklllotasa Rltuto. PEwer, Inflawmmt" onl
1414 slldn t all Delrran.m nls of the Ilae
Tiers. W. mamned in elfd a porstlie stre tar
yleah. qu aoytma scy . alnalsed
Abew1eeeeelftAlWAtPUPU.Ta wlt reeeb.3
I*tromafie al iaoben a dn.ld 'ters. ?rrtiame.
per lee. MOLE) flY l)RUE)nIt'TH.
MAD "IPALC AfIh IIEUIV' clle
rmspleR1'tIWAYA1t) I N. 32 Warms Pt.. law
Teri . afw slaworb kmaaad wil hot Pe
Patent Metal Lined.
Thn uPumpar. naot
usodlsd in niahbor
woalaorsp, handtb t
ob1Jootions to the cor.
mon Wood Pump
caused by the gradual
waring of the bore i
In tbidpu mp obviated
. wfllCdt llwrr
Se0iple, Birp & Co.,
'AliC}rhvUU OULWALTICRU IjIRAItAV
U IMP SLIa 11l'
W' rae "ta. toa betikapwrmuth