JAN. II. COWGROVE, .... Editor.
NAT'CHIITOCHES
AT'IRD1UAY - - - - July ll, 1874.
Advertisintg hates.
- -
l0 t' ll:r .. 2). '2 4 00 no R l 10 4 5 00li
. i',ql2.. 1)1 27 (lh I1 0(1 ..50 l 711 OI
13 n: a res... 00 11 01 4 00 tO ( 5s on 110 0110
t r 'l:It'.'... 3 00 : ~5 (III 5:, l( : 57 (l 3 0)
1 ar9.. ,1 7 n 'il 5 11 0 1 7fil 01 40 Oil0 0
III sq 11:'... 3 35') I) 5:1 9 11II0 57 Is 1
Tlranient adverltistlnolt. $1.511 pr sqtre' if
10 lines 3rwviert. first insertion. Each atbsc
qluent lnsell tic , 75 c lents per sqularIe.
Rales of Subscription.
Onr 'oplv one yoar. ......................'3.1fl
o;to Copy six ,nnnth ...................... 53
(l'ayalle in alvance.)
O@R' .IOB OFFIPCE i. snppliel with a
gr':eat variety of type, and work in thi. dhpart.t
uwet pe'rforlmed with teatcess. and at mioder.
a at lries,.
T'rlns. CAUllll on delivery of work.
RAIL ROAD MEETIN.
A meeting of the citizens of the city
anti parish of Natchiloches. will be held
at the Courthouse this (Satunrda:y) lnorn
ning, at 10 o'clock. to confer with Col. F.
W. Kellogg and Col. Arthur Edwards,
directors of the Louisii:a Central Rail
wa:y. and other gentlemen contnected
with that company, rho are now in our
city. and for miutual intorchanIge of
olpinions and expressions of views in re
gard to a sntject of the deepest interest
to :ll classes of our popula;tioun.
MANY CITIZENS.
Mass Meeting.
A Mass meeting will be held at Colfax,
Grant Parish, on Saturday 25th ,July.
The citizens of( rant and adjoining par
ishes, opposed to the present rule of cor
ruption, are cordially invited to attend.
Coinm one, come all.
H V. McCain, C. C. ODunn,
J. W. Cockeham, J. S. Payne,
P. Morehead, H. C. Walker,
R. B. Williams, J. 11. Hardy,
A. B. Conelly, R. E. Jackson,
P. Bernstein, T. O. Harrison.
WEATHER AND CnROIS.--W were
blessed on Saturday and Sunday last,
with delightful and refreshing rains,
which we are assured will make our
corn crop. Our people are more
cheerful than ever before, and as no
caterpillars have yet madle their ap
pearance they are in fact jubilant.
Cotton is in fine conditioni and bids
fair to yield an abundant harvest.
We are at this writing three week in
advance of the appearance of the
worm last year, and we have good
cause to feel more cheerful.
DARissx BunoLARY.-The office of
L. Dupleir, Land Agent, was entered
last Thursday night, and the iron
safe charged with powder and blown
open-and although the locks, bolts,
and door of the safe were torn to
atoms, showing that the charge was
heavy, it was not heard by those
sleeping in the immediate vicinity of
the building. Some $200, all there
was in the safe, was abstracted, to
gether with drafts and other valuable
papers. No clue has yet been obtained
to the perpetrators of this daring bur
glary.
We had the pleasure last week of
visiting the plantation of our old
friend and fellow-citizen, Mr. John A.
Newman, and wve were really aston
ished with the beauty and cleanliness
of his growing crop, both corn and
cotton, particularly the cotton, which
is large, luxuriant and cultivated as if
in a garden'; anwe wager will cm
pare favorably with any in the State.
No worms have yet appeared, and
our farmers hope to meet them, when
they do, with Paris Green, the great
caterpillar destroyer.
M. J. Cunninghlanm left last week
for New Orleans, to present .the
petition of the mass meeting request
ing the removal of our Police Jury
and the appointment of persons nam
ed as representing the property iuter
est of the parish. - Blunt, Myers and
Boullt, jr., also departed on some
mission, and we have heard that My
el's endeavored to get troops sent up
to this city. This rpquires attention,
and should it be found true, some
immediate action, should be taken by
our citizens. By what right a District
Judge has to interfere in the lawful
demands of citizens peaceably assem
bled, and push that interferance to
such an extent as to ask for U. 8
troops, we are at a loss to understand.
Make him resign.
How about the Republican's Police
Jnry not "searing worth a cent"; but
we had forgotten that was on Satur
day, and "Deploix had not been cap
tured" by some of the IV'indicator'e
"bugaboos."
The insinuations made by the Re
pwUicam as to the honest motives of
the Reform Association, are totally
uncalled for, and wre are of tihe opin
ion they need investigating. We
warn them to be careful how they'
slur at the honest gentlemen who
compose that body; they should re
member the PoliceJTury l a i rcsig. ned..
Few Truths.
Under the above appears an arti
cle in the issue of the ofllicial organ,
of the 4t I inst., of that charming
body of ornorrants, who have for
the past ix years plundered the tax
paying h bite people of this parish,
and altli ugh we consider the article,
and in fat the whole-concern, as be
neath th1 notice of any respectable
person, s ll as that article, and others
in the sa ne issue, contains allusions
which we consider personal, our ex
cuse for t lis reply can be that we wish
to give the gentleman (!) and we
think we know our man, who wrote
those art Iles, fair warning how he
will be dl alt with in future for any
remarks r insinuations that Ismay ap
pear in "h'is sheet" which are not in
the strict line of journalistic etiquette.
It woul I be well to inform the pub
Hic, and p irticularly that portion of it
that do ant read the Republican ; i. e.
the white public, that this is the first
mlention hat pauper has ever had in
it, of thedexistence of such a journal
as the P1'e Alc's I'icieator in Natchi
toches, aº d we call attention to this,
not from the fact that we would feel
at all coi uplimented by such notice,
but for t ei reason that it presumnles
to give s a little journalistic advise,
as to the propriety of our presumning
to write br a paper, and that we may
confess t at we were under tilhe in
pressioin hat old journa .ls were in the
habit of iying words of cheer to new
efforts, ii this fault we beg to stand
correctet .
In the rticle referred to, the writer
can see ur motives only through his
own (list ndied vision, and charges us
with "a ilst for a piece of the chicken
pie." I 'hen we are assailed with
such a cl argo as that, the only reply
self resp ict and candor have left us
to make is, that the writer is a liar,
We havc never sought for an office
nor do e wish one, and as far as it
refers to public printing, and we can
not see the connection, that paper
well kn vs the opinion of all the res
pectable press on that point.
Our in ormation with regard to the
14 SclhoI houses is as correct as his
own, it nay not have been 14, but
that was the least number we heard
mention d that had been built, and
we did i t wish to do injustice, even
to so v le a set of theives as the
School I oard of this Parish, and we
gave th m the benefit of the least
number. As far as the white public
of this arish ever having access to
any of ihe public documents which
emiinate rom that sublime body, the
General ssembly, we are in the dark,
and we re aware that it is in the na
tnre of to men who have heretofore
run this State and parish, to keep
every th ng as much hidden as pos
sible; w beg even to confess our igno
rance to the locality of the one School
house, I seems to take such great
delight n having constructed.
The large of "maiking an attacl
upon til e0 private affairs of Mr (?)
lant, i etoo flimsy for comment. We
suppose that robbing the people of
$100 thi ough thie medium of tihe
School aund is a private affair. That
is some uing new and we would ad
Svise a vision of the Code contained
in the tn Commandments, and as the
party t which the gentlemen (?) has
Sthe homr (God save the mark) to be
long, h its hand in at amendments,
we sug at it "goes for" the "laws of
Moses" and introduce an eleventh
comma dment for the angelic (?)
Senato Bluut's especial benefit; thalt
he may steal a hundred dollars from
the pu ic, provided he gives thirty
of it t some one else, the offc. of
"one hid heart" you know, to "an
other."
We smply charge Mr (?) Blunt with
receivi g $100 as a principal of a
public school, and having another
person d do the teaching, and what
makes the matter criminal Senator
SBlut a member of tlhe Scool Board,
and is ofrbidden by law from being a
Steache himself; and even that indi
Svidual nys, we are only mistaken in
thea nat he pals to the teacher, it
being 50 instead of *80.
We ave a "small bit" of advice to
give tl at journal, and if the conduc
tors h ve brains enough to under
stand laiu English, and we doubt it,
they htd better heed it, that is, that
they htd better be careful how they
attack personally, the Editor of this
paper, for they will be held to account,
for w en it come to vindication on
our t for personal ab~ae, we are
bnt a or dependent on ink for sat
isfacta. And one other thing we
must bserve is the allusions made to
and o the Reform Association, which
we, ias well as the Reform. Committee,
think uIcalled for, and our advice to
the Rpublican is, as this seems to
be no ght of theirs, they had better
Sstop" hloeng" for either side. We
do no desire your advise, and when
we ad your assistance to ferret out
fraud, we will take the head light to
a Inc aotive some brioht day and
h iut or you.
Celebration of the Fourth by
the Radicals.
A "Grand Rally" of a small crowd
of negroes and boys, was held in our
city on the 4th, ostensibly to cele
brate the anniversary of the day upon
which our foretfathers issued that im
mortal Declaration, but which turned
out to be a meeting to give vent to
personal abuse of our white citizens
alid tax payers, and such honest gen
tletmein of the Republican party as
were lending aid to the Reform As
sociatiu. Each one of the immacu
late thieves from Myers to Hlornsby,
were eulogized and gently "white
washed." The action of our honest
people denounced as a movement
inautgurated by individuals for per
sonal ends. It was not our fortune
to attend, but from gentlemen who
were entertained with the display of
Websterien logic and eloquence, we
were pretty well posted.
W. II. Tunnard the Japient editor
of the otfficial journal of the "gang,"
led off in his usual raniling and milk
and water style; lhis poor cffusion
amounting simply to what be is, noth
ing. lie was followed in order by
ilunt, Lewis, Redmond, Boullt, Bre
da, E. L. Pierson,and the orations were
capped by a burst of eloquence from
that sublime blackguard, J. R. lHorns
by.,
Blunt, the dusky Senator and School
Fund maniipulator, seemed to tiptoe
himself and in his allusions to state
ments made against him in the Vin
dicator, in relation to his drawing one
hundred dollars as tire pIincipal of
the colored Academy, and employing
an assistant to do the work for thirty
dollars, grew particularly pathetic
and denounced the expression con
tained in that article as ,lrie, in that
he gave the assistant fifty, and as the
Republican in its philanthropy puts
it, "the gift of one kind heart to an
other."
This reminds us of a little joke, as
the lamented Lincoln would say:
During the Creek war, Simon Suggs,
a character that has been rendered
immortal by Jons Hooper, established
a "camp" at one of the cross road
doggeries found so often in those days,
in Taledega county Alabama, his
command was pretended to be a body
to protect the "wimmin' and children"
from the "hostile savage," and was
said to be composed of forty stal
wart mountain sons of that coun
ty. Their "bloody experience" has
never been recorded, and their "san
guinary" raids upon the wagons em
ployed in hauling supplies fronm We
tumpka and other places, for bacon,
flour and other produeee, led to the
band's being called the forty thieves.
,After peace had smiled once more, he
was charged with having command of
.those '%partan heroes" so denomnina
ted; at which Suggs took umbrage.
What, says he, "is this tihe gratitude
of my countrymen," is this the thanks
Swe receive for our disinterested con
Sduct in standing as a wall of fire be
Stween our homes and the "iudin."
r To be called a band of "forty thieves."
,I denounce it as a d--m lie; for there
Sneer Lwas but thirt-ninea of us.
The ide-ah-the "sable man of the
SSenate" does not deny that he receives
a hunded dollars, but lie denies that
She gives his teacher $30, "ite false, I
Sgive her $50."
And mark you that insolence, to
r which we called the attention of our
Speople some weeks since, and which
)the journal also indulges in,-which
She demands "with what right have
Swe or any one else to interfere with
Shis private affairs." His private af
f fairs, Ye Gods! does he denominate
Sthe steal of $70 or even 850 from the
public School Fund, as "his private
Sbusiness," did any one ever see such
brazen arrogance. No Mr (1) Blunt,
Sthis is no "private atfair" as you will
Sfind out to your cost before yon are
done with the white people, and nn
,less you assume an entirely different
Sline of conduct from that on the
SFourth, you will find yourself in a
Scondition where your empty pated,
Sloud-mouthed bellowing, will do you
but little good.
The denunciation of Mr. Sam Par
son, who is and h4as been a Republi
can from principle,, not for plunder.
SAlso Mr. Burdick and Mayor DeVar
t gas, men of the same opinions as Mr.
Parson, and who enjoy the confidence
and respect of the white people and
of all good colored citizens, as public
enemies, rebels, and such like expres
sions, was simply uncalled for and
demand that these blatant speakers
should be held to personal account
for their declarations.
The speeches of Lewis and Red
mond amounted to about three quar
ters of a row of pins, the former was
particularly enlogistic of E. L. Pier
I son, "than whom there was no better
Republican in their party, and who
would give his right hand or arm,
we could ut Ilarmu erxactly which, if
he could undo his actionl as registrar
of this parish in 1872. Redmond
confined himself to refuting charges
that had been made against him as
being a defaulter, doenouncing the
parties who said so as liars. This is
the first time we have heard of his
being so charged, and can only regard
this flight of injured innocence, like
Don Quixote fighting the wind mill.
Breda we are told, was particularly
happy on escaping from the "nest of
white muen," for what reasons he did
not state, but he intimated lie did so
when he discovered that a secret so
ciety was being formed to rob the
colored citizen of his rights, alluding
we suppose to tihe K. W. C. organi
zation in 1868. We know something
of that ourselves, and perlraps it may
not be a miss to give somen little histo
rv of its introduction in the parish.
W. I1. Tunuard the editor of the Ring
organ, tihe Natchitoches Relmblican,
is the gentleman (AS who introduced
the society of the White Camelia
here, and J. E. Breda was among the
first that were initiated, was elected
a high officer and remained with it to
the end, both breathing more hatred
to the negro and wishing to go farther
than any of its members. Even going
to such extremes as to require the
restraint of the order, to keep them
from destroying the Rliepublican Print
ing Office here. This fact can he
sworn to by a hundred men in this
town ifrequired. So much for his
declaration. Ils speech w re in
formed, was of that type, taking it
all in all, whicl, is lenominated in
slang, as "blackgnardish" and replete
with allusions to the white race as
being dishonest, and all seeking for
office. One admission he made was
candid, to say tie least of it, and that
was, that ihe had joined the Radical
party for office, that he had been given
one that would give him a good living,
and after awhile he would expect a
more remunerative one. He further
said that the Democrats as he de
nominates tile tax-payers, should not
be admitted to office, for says he
"WE have stolen enough" and should
you let in that Iungry crowd they
will sweep the board. This was re
ceived with tremendous applause
from the small boys. Prince Boullt
delt in figures, an array of which he
read and calculated to his enliglhtctend
audience, who understood just about
as much of it as a hog would of Horace.
lie pitched into Messrs. Jack & Pier
son, and the tax-payers meeting gen
erally, and flamed up considerably on
what he had done and what he would
do, the heavy rain came up about the
time he was burning with eloquence
and we understood "put him out,"
notwithstanding an umbrella was used
Sto protect thire flame. E. L. Pierson
then spoke, but we did not learn the
gist of his femarks, only that he was
particnlarly bitter-that's perfectly
natural-new converts are always
more zealous than the old heads.
We wish thema joy with their new
member. Then came J. R. Hornsby,
who we will venture to say is the
the dirtiest blackguard and vilest
scoundrel in the State, and "let out"
on Mr. L. Charleville, of Clontierville,
whom hie denounced bitterly. Mr.
Charrleville is one of our leading citi
zens living at Clontierville, and we
Sthink Mr. Hornsby will be taken down
a "button or two'," when he sees that
Igentleman. Taking' the affair all in
all, it was a perfect fizzle.
ThIe meeting was to celebrate the
gal-orious Fourth, and ended in being
an occasion to vent wind, and abuse
the people of the parish g~nerally,
Sand certain individuals in particulq~r.
It was a good time. and place to air
Seloquence and wisdom, and although
thre audience was small and not very
Sselect, the occasion was taken advant
age of, all who desired to "relate
I their experience," were heard. One
Sthing was conclusively shown, and
- that is, that Blnnt's inflnence is not
rwhat its cracked up to be by a long
shot, and all his threats and mouthings
Samount to gas. The colored people
of this parish know pretty well by
Sthis time who, and what, the "crowd"
of Radical leaders in this town are,
Sand if the "Rally" of the 4th means
Sanything, it means they are "sick of
-them." Ohe ! jam satis.
MEETING IN MANsFELD.-DeSoto
3 Parish responds in emphatic terms to
I the call made for reform, and an hon
Sest government. A large and enthu
- lastic meeting was held at Mansfield
ion Tuesday, June 39th, which ac
lcording to the "Reporter" extra was
the most extensive gathering ever
held in DeSoto parish.
The assembly was presided over by
Capt. R. Thom, and was addressed by
SMessrs. Callahan, Elane, Scales, Maj.
Hlearsy, of Shreveport, and others.
The people \in that section are cer
tainly aroused to a sense of their situ
ation, and we may look for stiring
Ci work froru thonrn
What Determination can Do.
Notwithstanding the bluster and
blow made by Parson Blunt and his
satelites on the 4th, Lo and behold
the Police Jury does resign on the 6th.
Is not this significant? and does it
not show conclusively that our charg
es made in Mass Meeting are true;
that these people have systematically
robbed us through the corrupt and
ignorant members of this and other Po
lice Juries.--that these c o w a r d l y
thieves would have. continued their
spoilations unless they had been met,
just as theyI were, and checked in the
manncer they were, is demonstrated
beyond a doubt by their actions ofl
Saturday and Monday.
The white people of this parish
haIv at last been made to understand
that the threats of these would he
Hectors, of the invisible power that
backs them]n up in their wholesaleI
measures, which are calculated to des
troy our liberties and confiscate our
property; amounts to nothing. We'
desire to say this in addition to our
colored citizens, and in it we reftJct
but tire opinion of leading minds,
who have shown themselves to be
the true friends of the colored race
by their acts, that they should not be
led into any movemnent in opposition
to the acts or demands of the white
people. No harm is intended you
and none will come, should you con
duct yourself as your duty requires
you to do.
The Republican party have done all
that they consider themselves requir
ed to do, and the United States gov
ernmentnlt has lent all the aid it intends
to. • You have your freedom, the bal
lot and all the lawful rights which
by legislative enactment appertain to
all classes of citizens, and you must
win the rest.
The question of your being able to
sustain yourselves as citizens, to un
derstand your duties and act in ac
cordance with the spirit and letter of
the principles and genius of Republi
can government, is not for their con
sideration; if you fail in these re
quirements, you must go to the wall
to any other class of nmen.
, The action of the white people, and
the consequences flowing from such
action, show conclusively what a de
termined and bold stand will accom
plish. These scoundrels imagined
that tire white people of this parish,
to use the expression of the "'Headi
Centre" of the gang, "would stand
anything."
There is danger in every thing which
is carried to extremes, and in nothing
is that danger more awful than the
retribution that` all long oppressed
people surely take .upon those who
have tyranized over them. Thle his
tory of tihe world has no parallel to
thre enormity of the retribution whichl
the people of France took upon their
oppressors, and theirs was an educa
tion of serfdom, what then would be
the vengence of people born freemen.
We call upon our citizens to relax
not one particle of their vigilance,
npr cease to make demands for our
rights. No majority courposed of ig
norant, irresponsible parties have the
right, either human or Divine, to tax
and degrade a people possessed of in
telligence and property, it was never
contemplated in thIe formation of gov
ernment, that such a state of affairs
should exist, and it is expressly im
plied by the very spirit upon which
all Republic rests, that whren such a
contingency does arise, there is but
one redress; and that is an appeal to
the power wltich gives birth to all
liberty; the last, thIe greatest and the
riglht which man inherits from his
Creator, the appeal to arms. We can
be free in no other way. If the color
ed citizens desires the agood of tie
country, the prosperity of its people;
he cannot sorely wish to exercise his
right as a citizen to such an extent as
would be detrimental to the property
owner, and suchl has been his conduct
for tihe past six years, that all right
thinking men begin to believe that
the mass of our colored population
are either fools or knaves. The white
people who ow~i property, or are
identified with the true interest of
the State are determined, and that
determination is as fixed and immun
table as tile hills, that this rule of an
irresponsible party by irresponsible
men, shall so longer be borse, and
come what may, military government,
despotism, anything; it will be far
preferable, from the fact that there
will be more responsibility and the
persons in charge will have more at
stake, than this borde of vampires
now sucking our lifes blood. Citizens
of thre Parish of Natchitoches, we
must stand shoulder to shoulder with
our sister Parishes in the grand move
ment now being inaugurated. Your
first skimish with the enemy in this
parish is a glorious success, be not
deceived by it; we are not "out of
ithle woods" byn many .is, IpreshaliIi
enemy on all ides. 'These carpet-.bag
and scalawag chiefs have become so
confident from our inactivity, so safe
from prosecution of their rascality,
and they have had so long the con
trol of our affairs of State, that their
actions have become wild and awful
-a perfect mob separated to plun.
der; they are going forward making
up their book, for again stocking the
General Assembly with such vile
creatures as have heretofore brought
down the condemnation of all parties,
and were a horror to the civiliz:ed
world. But they have had their day.
The fate of Belshazzar has been writ.
ten upon, the wall-and the hand that
has traced their (loom in letters of
"living fire," has already directed the
power that will finally destroy them.
God speed the hour.
Fruits of Manly Protest.
THE TAXES ARE REDUCED.
Obnoxious Laws are Repealed.
The Incompetent and Corrupt Members
of the Police Jury Resign.
We must congratulate our citizens,
both lwhite and black, who have been
together in this movement, on their
success thus far. But at the same
time we desire them to take warning
and not relax one moment in their ef
forts to clean the parish of all its
corrupt officials. We have but re
moved the scurf, the sore remains
behind-then cease not until you can
cheer yourselves with the satisfaction
that you have permanently gotten rid
of all the leaders in the past plunder
ing of your purses. So far you have
accomplished much, and we here pub
lish a synopsis of the good work, viz:
The repeal of the following by the
Police Jury.
Salaries to President, Clerk, Attor
ney, Constable and the mileage of the
members, amounting in the aggre
gage to 35O00 per annum. Mlyers'
immigration scheme $900, Boulit's do
nation $300, and finally the resigna
tion of four of the most ignorant and
corrupt of that body. The taxes have
been reduced as follows. Parish tax
10 mills, Kearney tax 2 mills, School
tax 21 mills, Special tax 20 mills,
making a total of 341 mills. And
most of all is the feeling of fear which
we have given the cowardly thieves,
who have so long and publicly con
tinned their robberies.
Continue citizens your good work
and insist on the removal instantly
from office, every person who requires
watching.
The State Convention at Alex
andria.
Until some place shall have ben
finally chosen for the holding of the
proposed State Convention, we do not
intent to allow the claims of Alexan
dria as the most appropriate place io
the State, to be forgoten. We reite
rate the unwillingness of the country
parishes to send delegates to New
Orleans; and the fact that we lhave
a large and well kept hotel, with am*
ple aocommodations for any number
of delegates; that our Court rooms is
the finest in the State and that our
fine packet, the Bart Able wiP bring
delegates up on Monday anud return
on Wednesday. We "country bump
kins" have a right to have things to
suit us once at least in a mighty long
while, and we hope that whatever
authority it may be that finally calls
convention, it will not ignore our
claims.-Caseasias.
We are another of time "country
butnpkins" that claim a little of the
right in connection with our. friend
the Caucasian. We insist upon Alex
andria as the place most suited for
the next Convention and hope all our
country parishes will advocate its be
ing held there. It seems to us that
New Orleans has haud that honor long
enough, and as we have met naught
but defeat under the nominations
made at her conventions, it isiut fair
that one trial ahould be made with a
"country" ticket. Then say we, Alex
andria, La., and let the Convention
meet as early as practicable.
TuIE STEAMER BART ABLE.-This
fine A 1 packet arrived as usual on
time Tuesday last. We had the
pleasure of meeting on board that
king of steamboat captains, Cap. Dick
Sinnot, and we were cheered with his
genial conversation. We suppose the
skeptics which ever foretell some cala
mity, are now satisfied that Capt. Sin
not is determined to remain, as that
gentleman expressed it "he must bring
his large boat upon four feet water
to convince the most doubting, that
Ihe intends sticking in the trade. G.
C. lHamilton, th!at old and honored
clerk has charge of the otffice and from
his cheery face and healthy physique,
bids fair to be Ihere wlien the last
whistle shall sound, and that dreaded
Gabriel command us to "make a land
I ing." To Capt. Sinnot, Clerk Hamil
F tou, P'ilots Kay and Redmon we rme
t turn lthanks fo ;ltarcciatced tavt-e.