Freserv'ation of Cait Flowers. 0
The question is so often naked,
"How shall I keep my. flowers fresht,"
thant thim best meethod of doing so -
ought to e konown by all who arte
food of floral decorations. Of course
to those lo p,osaess large gre.
houses from which tnr cut daily, tlhis
is not so mich of an obiject. Still,
oven these may require to send or
take flowers somen distance, and, no.
IesA thley are propertly packed theyi
will, at the end of the journey, prove
worthless., When possible, flowers
should always be cut from plants
that are weff hardened off, avoidingI f
as mneb as possible those grown i
stove het. In Ferns well matured, 1I
fronds only should he cut, as vontng (
fionds are certain to shlivel up in a
few hours after being used, and con
sequently spoil the efeet of any de
coration in which they may be em
ployed. In cutting them a sharp
knife should always he used in pre
ference to scissors, which crush and I)
close up the minuit titls or veins
through which the moisture is drawn
up, while, it cut with a knife, they
remain open. If required to he kept P
for only a day or two, the flowers
should be cut early in the morning, tl
each variety tied into bunches by
Itself, and then placed ill earthen
ware jars or wide glasses, filled with
sold water should be put in some
,SA....... s- . .. t;a r ,',ejutred. A cool,
dark cupboard in a cellar, is all ex.
cellemot place to keep them, sprinkling 1'
the shelves and Asilh-e .,', ..ad kr.ep
ing the whole place as moist as pos
sible. Many flowers, such as Rose
buds, Gardenias, Euchatis. etc., keep
better if cut and put in water, or laid ra
on damp moss, than if heft growing; I
on the plant. Others, like heliotrope, nb
Tuberoses, etc., spoil munch lnor e
rapidly if wet overhead, thoiugh the
greater variety of flowers used are l i
the better of a good sprinkling before
being placed away. It is an excellent
plan with thin many of the finer a
Feuns, such as A. Adiantumn or Maid
on's Hair, to leave them in water for
an hour or so before using them ;
they thus get thoroughly saturated,
and will keep a whole (lay without be
wilting. When loose flowers are ar
ranged in vases or dishes, it will be sg
fonud a good plan to lift them out Cc
and place them in a basin of cold tli
water in a cool, close place ; then, in w
the morning, cut a short piece off the se
end of each, in a slanting direction,
to keep the end of the tubes oper, h
arranging them again in fresh, cobl ih
water. Vases of flowers can be kept ,
flesh for a week at a time if they are
thus treated. Bouquets and baskets '
of flowers, such as come from the wi
florists, if well sprinkled every even se
ing and'placed in a cool, danmp closet, ti
as before described, will keep fresh a
much longer time than if left in a
warm airy room over night.-Turf,
Fiehl and Farm.
Corn Bread.
When good, sound corn is properly be
prepared and made into bread by the pe
latest and best methods, or into me
cakes, puddings and other similar Cos
preparations, it produces a superior '
quality of food, in a variety of forms P"
adopted to universal consumption. of
The fact is also worthy of notice iug
that the gain in weight of the bread 111
thus prepared from corn meal, over at
and above thile wveight of the meal from b
which it is made, is more than 100 d
per cent. In other words, a pound tl
of corn hrp iie thile product of less sa
than kailf haIlra pound of corn meal. 011
Hence it appears that the value of are
acre of this eereal, whlen measura~.
by tlheltead h is capable of ptodu- 1
cing, ir-oer 12,00 pounds.: en
Coquilles--Take cold chicken and Ce
tarkey and sepirate the meat from Th
the bones break the latter and stewn biti
for half an hoar with a pint of water, has
two or thbteebladeas of maee eand halfa we
dozen elotes; strain the liqrr from go
the bones, ;j/'turn to thie stew-pan, bit
and, whEa it comes to a boil, adld a be
teaspopful of flour, nixed witik a pi
tablespoonful of oerd water; when gre
thle liqnor comes to a boil, add the Gun
meat chopped fine, a little salt and "'t
peppes; and a piece of butter the size ie I
of an egg; grated bread crumbs must thi
cover the bottom of a shell oi dish t;a
pot in the prepared hash, grate bread
over the top, and brown slightly in me
an ove:y'lThis should be served i of
shells, bbt,' a thie absence of shells,
auncers or a dish will serve the pur. iste
pose. not
pho
Bunting for Sumsmer Dreso.--Two
yearsrapefew persnsi had learned
tihe secreC of the usefulness of bunt
ing as a seaside or mountain dress;
it came then only in the flag width, Re
was expensive, and often unattaina
ble in any shade but navy blue; last
season it was introduced in a newer
and cheaper make and readily nmade V
its mark ; nntil this year it has shown In
its rapid g~rwth in popnlar favor by qni
its being clief favorite among a!l nci
sammer materials. It conies in all tlei
the shades woro; soft creamy tints folk
andil delicate tones of light blue, wil
green, fawn and yellow being special ing
I attractlv.e. It is mixed witlh silk pick
in costumes, or is made in tmhe fash- seve
ionable kilt plhitings over some thin barr
foundation, and the new gallons are fuls
used for trinmmings, or it is fringed pick
out to form ruches and box-plaitings. you
It is jout the material which has long in;
been sought for; it is light, cool, du- ing
rable, aot easily affected by damp- then
ness or contact with salt air, having lectu
no stiffening which may abruptly and
leave it1 and so mar its beauty; it The
drapes easily and does not crease, all once
of whielV ili help to iend. it a most slim
proftable dress 'material. In black this
it is oad of the most soft and eool or am
dresses ever esed for mourning, and for
as proqtl., as grettihiine, and as
deep looking as Canto. crepe.-Ex.
Tapola Creat.--8oak a teascupful
of taploes or' ght Ja nilk. The Si
next day" Ittr )n it' the ytks of -Mi
three eggs well beatea and a capful pout
of sugar. Place a quart of miik on
the fie, let It come to the boiling Si
polat, them stir hi the tapieca, ai o 0t
let the whole cook antil it has thick- the a
ncoed; then take it off the fire and to th
stir in the whites of tihe eggs beaten Sam
to a fbeth. Flavor to taste. A small to
iportio of the beaten whites of the ae
eggs eas le atrll to decorate the
top. Stir into the latter a little ea.
ga, pst it into a paper fuMnel, press li
it sat ever the top of the podding as. of a
eordieg tP feay,'and place it to the cse.
oven a few minutes to color.-Prae- pot
,ical Coouukiung and Dinner Giving. the a
Houses Built of Pap3r.
We sometimes hear of building
houses on paper, but building a house
rers. of paper ii something of a novelty.
keY there is a large manufactory in T
kes Wisconsin that keeps three mills eonii
ea, ! tlahily rItlning on building paper, 1
R s" havinti cIpacity for the in iking of
u are sixteen tons per day. The businessas
was starcted by a Yakee, of course ;
this or rather by two of them. As long r
tillh ag' as 1.57 the company begin the 1
Still, taoufn cture i f paper til. bI ildling. T
Ta1 d ''lThe idea that paper colhli e cheaplyl T
, " and advantageotusly uned in the erec- r
th(ron of buildings-especially the horne
Sof th e iairie farmer on the bleak T
ers pIlains of the Nortlhwest-originatedl '
lants with them. They expended money i
fdinf freely in millse,maclinery, patents, T
rn in and advertising, believing they hadl T
rdiseovered thei most eff;ctive and
oting cheapest methlol for making a build
in ing warm, dry, and healthly, and that r
con- the Papier wu meet with public T
V de- favor and find ready sale. They have T
tm- now hIen latlltfilacturiing it nice years. T
sharp ad during that time have made and
pre- s ,l more than 1',)00) toins. It has T
andbee tested under all circlumstances, T
veins and has been a d'eciled snecess. T
rae The painper used for building pnr- r
poses is a thick, hard past-board, T
t wound in rolls of twenty-five to a T
erI lhundred polnads each, and usually T
' thir ty two inches wide. Nhile in T
ren- rcts ol manufactnre it is subject
eith to a pressure of hundreds of tons, T
wils which compresses the fibres together 1
some into one solid body, thus making an T
ex- absolntely air tight sheet, and, as
linig paper is tne of the best non condue- T
1 n) tl's known. t resists .the n, tin 'f
botllh heat and cold ; and so a Iaild- T
psi- ing lined with it is made warm in '
keep winter and cool in sotimmler. It does
laid inot shrink like lumlber, and is not IT
affected by ftost, cohl, heat, or dampl- T
ness, and it is known that it will not iI
ope' born ias readily as wood, on account
ore of its hardness and solidity, aid by
the its use a house can be matde alumost,
if not absolutely tight. It is far bet
ter for the retention of warml air in
a building than an inch board.
idci
for Cm
ee; Hydrophobia.
ted, One of our old citizens, who roeem- tr
out bers l)r. Goodman as an eminent si
ar pllysici.n more than a generation in
I be since, requests us to publish in the e"
out Courier Journal the following from
cold tile New York I[erald. Our readers
, iu would do well to cut it out and pre. -
tie serve it:
Noticing your remarks under the rr
Pet' head of "llydrophobia Remedy," I I
inclose a copy of the celebrated e
cept "Goodmtan remedy." Thie writer
are was treated with it in Philadelphia
kets forty years ago by Dr. Goodman, in I
whose family the remedy Iemaiied a Dr
en secret for many years, and I request rot
e that in the interest of humanity you Pia
ina will give it circulation. aSr
urf, Youars truly, G.
TIHE CURE.
bo;
A dose for a horse or cow should rTa
erly be about four times as great as for a
the person. It is not too late to give the
nto medicine any time before the spasms
ilar come on. The first dose for a person
riot is one and one-half ounces of elecam
ims pane root, bruised, put iu a half pint
~n of milk, reduced to one-half by boil
ice ug, then taken all at one dose in the
ead mortning, fastting until afternoon, or
ver at least a very light diet after several
om Iours have elapsed. The second
100 dose the same as tile first, except take
atd two ounces of the root; third dose
ess same as the last, to be taken every
nl. ouhert day. Thlree doses are all that
are needed, and there need be no
SThis I know from my own experi
ence, and I know a number of other
cases wlhere it has been entirely suc
ad cessful. This is no guess work. F
o Tlaese persons tihat I allunde to were
bn, bitten by their own rahid dogs, that
er, had been bitten by rabhid dogs and
Ifa were penned up to see if they would
am1 go mad; thley did go mad, and did
an bite the persons. 'rhis remedy has
been in use in and about Phiiladel.
aphia for forty years or longer, with
n great success, and is known as the
the Goodman remedy. I am acquainted
ud withl a plhysiciau whlo told mne that
hze he knows of its use for tIore tltan
n thirty years, but never knew a case
lI that failed where it was property ad
ad ministered. Among other cases lihe
in mentionied was suone where a number
i of eow~ had been bitten by a mad
Is og ; so halftl. nember they admio- pr:
ir istered this remedy, to the othler half y
not; the latter all died witha hydro- h
phobia, while those that took the Ge
elecampane and milk showed no sa
sigt!s of the disease. phP
tli, Receipt for Pickling CuCum
a- bers.
'Editor Courier-Jolurnal.]
de Frankille, Wis., April 28, 1877.
vn In anewer to John O. Caldwell, in
by quiriing as to a receipt for pickling
1 encumbers aI making them retain
tll their color and firmness, I give tile 1
its followig : Cu't off your cucumbers (
e, with a sharp knife, and avoid bruis- Re!
l ing them as much as possible. The caR
Ik pickle: To one gauls of alcohol put the
I- seven gallons of water, and to one ti
in barrel of pickles put two tablespoon
re filsot pulverized alum ; place your the
ed pickle in the barrcl and thlen wash son
p. your cocumbers clean and drop them
ig in; then cover them with a cloth, be
u- ing careful to have the cloth cover
p- them all up. As fast as the cloth col
g lects the slime from them, wash it
ly and replace it over thle cncumbers.
it The cloth must be washed at least
il once a week as long as any soeam or
at slime arises. The vinegar made in
tk this way can be used for table use,
oh or any other use that vinegar is used
id for after the pickles are useed oat.
s Respectfully yeors,
K. MRS. HENRIETTA FOX.
te Sheep ftems.-Coppers o~r shdeep. yea
? -Mix one pound of copperas to rye v toe
I pounds of salt. wit]
' Saltpetev for Sheep.-Two pounds fme
so one pound of salt. It regulates dase
Sthe secretions, and gives floe activity ing
d to the skin and kidueys. curi
Salt and ashes, givoo once a week prai
to sheep, promotes digestionr. Thie Au
Sappetite of sheep so treated will be of
found aern and veraniou.
a Luong fever.-Use pine tar in doses G
. ofa spoonful twice a day, ifa(bad & C
e kr. Some keep it ia troughs and
Spat salt oe it. It is good too, for E
the mniles. lou
:i:SED THE PILLS
r1T'l PILS
ling Words of Advice,
Lr I'9 PILLS
Ilr. I' R'I'SPrCTFULLY offered b7y'LLS
.in TLT.'y. . 1. TrTTr, I.D., for many PILLf
10 &rearq lh'muonstratOr of Anatomy In
/ th/ Metlc:il c'ollete of Georgia. P
l'L'I' "I rt}" .ears' exverien' e In ftle ILL
e t I'I'S pratir it m, ll,' ilrn, t ti iher wiIt PILLS
f fTT' ' isei'f n tear'" test of 'futt' PI'Ills. PILLS
rI' T'Ts ald the tlhnnlaads of teutimodlals PILLS
less Ie I"" R,.givul ,i'c thclr lee, warra'int nme PILLS
TI" "r'l ' h 'n Ina that tht!u will ioiltlvelY PILLS
s " i' 31"tI . rare all dl,"aies that result from a PILLS
ong1 1i'T'" " , ,',i''',' I fr a:4 t!h'llt11 that a" lht PILLS
the 'ITrTT'.' luaiti". hint fur l)v.ip1 IR. .Iaul i- PILLS
T "iT'l l dI.I' . ('d iptili ifl . l'ile' . sk I III,- i'ILLS
In TU I"I"S n-es. Illlo + Colile. lIthennIatl it. PILLS
i' TU 1T"'S 1'allltallntl of the l(hart. ldney PI LLI,
T7'r11' I ' .\Alfcti,,ni. FemallleContipInint: -.11% . - P, IIs
I ' I ..... l (-,f whh'h rea" l t from a iclte"r:w e PILLS
.. '". . Ot of the ,Liver. no n:edi.ue , s PILLS
e Trk TU'TrI"T'r'E-, ViE'I.TAIILE LVERPILl:
TI'I'I' ' ( I'Il.s.. PILLS
Lte(l U' r ........................................... I LS
n TI r'"1' TU'I'T'.T PIILLt I'ILLS
1 I'I0UTTS CURE SICK IIEAD.CIIE. PILLS
nts, TI"rP I. ...................... ...... PI7,S1,1
hail TU IT'S : ....... ............... ....... PI iLS
TI'r T"I. TItT'r . PILLM 1IL' ,S
l I 'TrrI r IltEQlIiIE N'P 'IlANGE OF 1'I 1.1L
ild- i'T',Si IET. 1'11.1.
alit T .T ' ............................................. PILLS
1 1i T ' It " ' risrT'r'r M Pll. 3' PIL LS
T'ITii I \RE I'IEIY VEGE'AIILC., PILLS
TrI. T'S  .. ......................... . ............. 1 ,1
and TI'TT'S TU'IT'N PIILLS 1'It1.
1 T'''T NEVEIt GItl'UE (IK N.LCSE- I1, lIA,
his TI' rr' ATE. P11,I
T IT'r's ...... .......... .......... 1'I ILS
TITtr3 '................ ... ... ............ :........ I L S,5
'I'TT'S ' ' II IIpEMAN I) FOI TI'TT'S PILLS L
Tr 'rl rs iPl i.1S is nft corti~ .-I to thli PILLS
T1' I'. rs r+'iitry, but extndls t, all partys PI I,LtS
Ir , TI" I""S of tho world. PILLS i'
I) I TI'TL" ' ILLS
T I"TT S ..............................................: P ILLS
l TL'TI S A 'LEA i IIEA D,elRstic linmbs,j PILLS
in TI 'I"s :~. d,,ligistln, s, un,, d slerp,. PILLS g
T r'rr',s tbuynt spirit', fine appetit',l. P LS tI
ect 'r'I i. , ' t. ,m, of the renlts, of the" PILLS
'nl, TUTT'S use of TUT("S I'ILLS. PILS
T'"IrT :l ......... ................................. .... 'lI LS
h T 'r T ' ....... ...........:...:..P....I.....:..: PILLS '
all TITT'S AS A FAMILY 31EDI'INE i PILLS
TI' IrT's TU'r'r'TS PII..L AIl. TlIEI PILLS
TI'TT' I l.:sT-PEiRItECTLY IIAItl- i'LLS
- TI:Tr "S LiESS. i 11.1.9 a
T 'r r' I ................ 'ILLS s
T'TT"S .. PI.II
il- 'ry'TT's SoilD VEILYWHitSF,. PILI,'. 0
T l"rr'S .............. ................................. PILLS
lit TL'rT' S I1 I"CIP 'vt.rl''IE y. pIjiL,5
not U'r'rl'S Pi N"U TCIP 11, OFNI'+ E PILLS
TU'rr's IS MIUR.Is.Y 'II%.IiEET, I'IILLS
TuIrrTU's NEW YORKIC. PILLS t
HIt TUTT' ............................... ............. 'IL LS 0
'' DR. TUTT'S
f EXPECTORANT.
This unrivaled preparation has per
formed some of the most astonishing
cures that are recorded in the annals of
history. Patients sutrering for years from
the various diseases of the Lungs, after
tn- trying different remedies, spending thou- -
ent sands of dollars in traveling and doctor
lon ing, have, by the use of a few bottles,
the estirely recovered their health.
om "WON'T 80 TO FLORIDA."
e . New York, August 30,187!.
re- R. TUTTI
Dear Sir:-When in Alken, last winter, I need your
Expeotorant for my cough, and realized more benefit
the from it than anything I ever took. I am so well that
I will not go to Florida next winter as I intended.
Bend me one dosen bottles, by express, for some
friends. ALFRED CUSHING,
ter 123 Wost Thirty-first Street.
Ili Boston, January Ii, 1674.
Il This oertflea that I have recommended the use ol
Sa Dr. Tutt's Expectorant for diseases of the lungs
est for the past two years. and to my knowledge many
bottles have been used by my patients with the hap.
pleat results. In two oases where itwas thought eon
Irmed consumption had taken place the Expectorant
effected a care. R. H. SPRAGUE, M.D.
"We can not speak too highly of Dr. Tutt's Exl
pectorant, and for the sake of suffering humanity Cl
hope it may become more generally known."-Cllnsa e
lid Tira ADVOCATE.
Sold by Druggists. Price $I.OO pI
he
ill
1111
in
lit
il
be '
orr
tal
nSl
ke
se
at m U ta yu
e- SlilIOSS' LIVER REGIlIOR
re For all diseases of the Liver, Stomach
at and Spleen.
Il WILL CURE DYSPEPSIA.
Id I MUST OWN that your
d Simmon.s' Liver Regulator fully
as deserves the popularity it has at
I- tained. As a f,.muily medicine it I
h hals II, equal. It cuIredl my wife of Li
te a malady I had co unted incurablo ra
-d ---that woltsbane of our American co
t people, Dy.spepsia.
A. LE. P. ALBERT.
Professor in Nicholas Piblic
se school, Parish of Terrchono, ui
1- La.
S MALARIOUS FEVERS,
d Yon are at liberty to use my name in
. praise of yonr Regulator as prepared by
f you, and recommend it to every one ns
the Iest preventiv-e for Fever and Ague
in the world. I plant in Southwestern
e Georgia, near Albany, Georgia, and monst
osay that it has done more good on my F
plantation among negroes than any med
I'illle I ever used; it supersedcs Quinine
if taken in time.
Yours &c, IION. B. H. HILL. Ga
CHILDREN !-Your Reog
nlator is superior to any other roem
edy for Malarial Diseases among
children, and it has a large sale in
. this section ofGeorgiat.W. M.
RussEI.I., Albany. Ga. thl
n CONSTIPATION,
e TirtrtosY Or THE CntEF JUSTICt" OF
s GEORGIA.--.I have used Sinmons' Liver T
. Regniator for constipation of my bowels,
e caused by a temporary derangement of
the liver, for the last three years, and al- C
e ways when, used ac ordiig to the direc- CoI
tions, with decided benefit. I think it is
a good medicine for tho derangement of
lr he liver--at least snch has been my por
Ii sonal exp~enence hr the ius of it.
U * HInAM. WArNi.
Chief Justice of Georgia,
r SICK HEADACHEg,
EDITORIAL,--We 1tsve
tested its virtues personals, and
koow that for Dyspepsia, Bilious- LA
ness ; and Thobbiog Hcndache,
r it is the best medicine the world
ever saiw. WVe have tried forty
, other remedies before Sim'umo'n
Liver Regulator, but none of them W
gavo us more than temporary re
lief; but the Regulator not only
relieved, but cured us.
ED, TELEGRAPH AN MIEPRSgxGi EI,
Macon, Ga.
H;aving had dunring the last twenty
Syears of my life to attend to Racing me
3 Stock, and having had so much trouble
with them with Colic, Grnbbs, &c., gave
me a great deal of trouble; having heard
5 of your Regalator nas a cure for the above
s diseases I concluded to try it, after try.
Sing one Package in Mashb I found it to t
cure in every instance, it is only to be
tried to prove what I have said in its
Spraise. I can send you Certificates from E
: Augnista, Clinton & Maemo, as to the cure
Sof Horse, ,
cEORG WATMAWA , Macon, Ga. July A
24th, 1875. on
SGenuine prepared only by J. H. Zeilen, aca
I & Co. Phladelphia, Pa. ma
IT Get yonr JOB PRILTIMG Pr0
lone at the VINDICATOR Odiee.
orit
Cs DANIEL PRATT'S IMPRlOVED
1) 1
L " . ivlne e entidt" C
xs p
i sE
SCOTTON GIN -
LS tl
PATENTED JULY 1 1 l873.h
L9 V
Lfs PRICE REDUCED
LS
LS TO $4 50 PER SAW. ri
pISa G 'r tha en any oiler t h. he
ofI three sta so snd , pvrale ing Int
LI5 1
atoll oricthio ac· t sthe ands orfth cr tt
valpen Th i roll from givn by
, ,s oi staL GE , with OFtr N p rd t
LS titame amount hf
- -1
I f the sGtlis ineer1cra d roae ing c .
L.s l Wr lnFE & i O d
59s .f i.n . nA RO IELEd ST ..... 5n
L, O ,
is Cw . k l.e oan uSeEr the pst
1 1 s r " ils 'IN has eetl in use ori the ipst
S three seasons, and several recent u -
LS ln Vetiitits l have beeii t laded. It obvi
L n atsr a ll ifriction itt lie endsi if the cotto
L9 box, prevents the roll front braking. and
ens the draft rand calses the Gil to rin
LS faster with less ariving power, tIus Ldo
u
Ls tug a great deal more work within Ihse
S o sine til e, while econoa izing . teant or
.S nitel power, tha . ay oer Mill.e
seed eing ginned ver.ty close, t.- length
S . . is increased, prod ing cot
1r ton t thilis acouth of Natchitoer market
Ts of lint, adied ton is ncreased atont fur
LB II dS one, short notice r kins the cost
Testionials sentoc l ntor ardpl inca this
citcy nd aIr T. Chaery r'g, on Cane riv
Ler here pl rticn htbl oifIrst- ss filled ar
protl on application.LFE & CO.,
GENERAL AGENTS.
Fi.Aer August 12 dllars per ill.
Foteamen ollr per . in cit l.
JJ . . STEPHENSS. "
Natchitochels, ) T
And T. CALR,
. Eb 1ntr Ho I sle repared to fur
D1 nish on short notice all kinds of Cho
E LIE ST and LITY OF
its well stock, NATCbeITOC ES, in La. lys
ty and at MPREPAr T. Chaler's, odat the ri v
L public in EA Erything in The CTed AP d o.
ier wherlie parties can have orders anfilled Src
courteen dollar er . i city yrd.
FEED FOR HOSE $1 PlTED DY. the
niAhed promptless, on ptlication.ti
rJ. P. RIUTSON. I
Feb. 17--ly. olrietor. Fa
FRNT STREIET, Je
Dt Natchitoces, La. FO
iew Gool al ids I r r
rgE entire stock is cntter nd inore
select than sny t vrck i.troduced into "
t1i- larkEt, and EiTng beon purchased
lo l o rew
Fo Ca and eFAminedour stock, Ahich
CAEIERES, r
TNGEEDS,
A FR]II select tan er itrofoods Into
tOis harkt, whid having been purchasedo
Tahe botto ofalte Fim isto sell
produeC, and ]xm & stock, win cuh
mooehnGoodis of al kindsi.n
do le'AD and GAOODS
Clothing, a foil and Complete Assort
A full line (of FANCY and PAMIL1
produee, sad ltbsurl advance. made in cash nor
merchauise oc consinmuent cuti
orMarch 2a-lv.
C II OMOS. T ""e lare st nd
j finest stock in
the world, elmbracing over 3;,ttitdl,)00
Chromos, Paintings and Choice 1Prints,
at bur enlatgcd ART ROOMS. All the
ftow andl popular subject- atl rock-hot
toni prices. Tie Valls of the Rhine, size
I~2x28 romantic and granid ; Scene on
the Sllsqutlllhanna, cue of the hits of the
season, size I!9x27; Lake Liucerne, Swit
zerhlandl, the most heiautiful hlike in the
world; Isohl Bella, i rharm1linig scene ill
Nlirthern Italy. comllplaniohl to the prece
ding i Off Boston Light, a beatlltiful inn
rine, size l.tx20, in great derinuuad; O11
Oaken Buck" t. White Mountains, fNiiaga
ra Falls, Newp\ort, Saratogo. Gathering
Primnrst s. At the Se S hoa re, Pa'ddy in
Dilliculty. Albo -irhgin Vesta, snow
Storel, Aimericili Fruit, land other 14x30
sinljects. Floral Blusiness CaIdl, lnndtly
School Calrds, Staiil arl', Mlottoes, ttlack
grouind Panels, etc Also the ftinest and
lost complete assortment of 9xl I Chro
mos, both on white mounts, blief line,
and black niounts, gold line. Ou)r stock
embraces everything desirable for hIeal
ers, Agents or Premiumlll llurposes. anlid all
should test our pricis iand qnalilty of
work. Thie right llarties can recalize an
independencel ill eve'ry locality by takiing
an aligeincy for our stretched and f'raiued
ClhroniS. Particunlars free. Illhustiratd
('atalehgue on receijpt of stamlp. Send for
,$3 or $5 outtit. Address
it J. LATIIAM & CO.,
419 Washington St., Boston, Mass.
i
d
it
iI
THE
! SINGElI
WITH HER
- Crowning Victory.
The Centennial Committee on Sew
ing Machines, after a thorough exam.
ination of the variilIs Machines on
exhibition, have awarded
The Singer Manuffcturing Company
The very highest Premium that could be
conferred upon any Exhibitor
AND CONSISTS OF
TWO MEDALS OF HONOR!
AND TWO DIPLOMAS OF MERIT!
FOR THlEIRI
chi n.c'.,n
Onte-half of all the Sewing M;.afiuwes
I Sold in the Year 1575, were SINGE :4, 1
which is sufficient evidence of its spe- i
riority overall others.
All we ask is to test THE SINGER be
fore purc!hasing any other. Sold ol easy 1
ti'erms. Liberal discount tin" cash.
Beware of imitation Singirs. and old
SINGERS paiinted over to look like new,
and otlered for sale Iy the as(l.va er5s of
some of the other 1ewing Machinie Conl
allnies as geullinu e New S8in.ger Mabchinls.
Aplply to
TilE 1IlNER MAN'FACTUING CO.,
No. 91 CANAL ST'HET,
NEW OI!LEANS, LA.
Or G. W. ROBERTS, Caunva:sr,
At NATCHIrTOCHIiES, LA.
FARhfiERS AND PLANTERS
SUBlCRIIlE FOR
RIRI IOUTIlANl
FOR THE EABA 187'7.
It is the Leading and Oldest Week-.
ly Agricultural paper in the South;
contains everything of valu.. suitable
to Soulthern Agricnlture, such as the
Sculture of Cotton, 8ngnr, Rice, Tolbac
Sco. Corn, Wheat, Rye, Oats, Penas. .lie -
SGrasses, Silk, Ramnie, Moss, Potatoes,
I TirripF, Cabbage, etc., etc.; the rais- I
ing ot'f all kindslofStock for the Soulth;
the culture of all kindls of Frnits, suchne
as Peaches, Pears, Allples, Oranlllgesi, V
Figs. tenrons, Ihineapplll s, Jpan i
Plimis, Grapies, Ponlmegrlanates, etc.,
It contains a choice department for the
Family Circle; gives all thle News in a L
condensed form; gives also the latestI
New Orleans Market Reports; and M
contains many Valuable Receipes for
use on the Farm 1and Planutation, as
well as many Useful Facts for the '
Family, tile Kitchen, or the Sick Room.
The pajper is printed from clear, new
type, and contains sixteen piges of
valuable matter every week. The 13th a
volume commences January, 1577.
The Subscription price is $2.50 per
year, post-paid, $1.50 for G mnollths, or
25 cents for one month, in advance.
Address-
Our Hlome Journal and Rural South
land, NEW ORLEANS.
HENRY GENIUS,
Worker in Tin, Copper and
SHEET IRON.
Corner Front and Trudean Streets,
NATCHITOCIIES, LA.
i -t
Wholesale and Retaildealer in all kinds of
HEATING AND COOKING STOVES
and sole agent for the celebated champion
CHARTER OAK
cooking stove. All btoves sold at man
ufacturer's prices with freight added.
Manufacturer of plain and fancy Tin
Ware Metallic roofing, etc., etc.
A large and select stock of Tin Ware
and House Furnishing good on hand
GUTTERING. ROOFING, and all man
ner of Job, Tin and plumbers work exo
cuted with dispatch.
u.d Siiinott's Line.
in rli
00) Fal and Whuiter:Arrangenient. 0O
the FOR GRAND ECORE, MO1'GOdMERY; at
tize ALEXANDRIA, PIOCE'it.E 4ORMAN'S
on BARBIN'S, FORT DERlUS',
All Way Landai.gL. of
'it
the The A I Magnificent n'd hat
ill running passenger packet r,
BART AsiLE ! 0i1
hl HW.rToN, Anl
R- R. Slssorr, Master, I , Clerks be
n,' FIaccxCl, of
il r EAVES Grand Ecore positively every o"
IOW j Tlu :,IAY at 12 c.
x30 For freight or passaae apply on ho~rd orto I
mvy JULES E. llESSL Agent co
March 25-tf. pe
Old GOOD READINSG !
ro
SAll KnowIt ! All Like I1 !
gal
all TIIE
of Detroit Free Press.
t Still Brighter iand Pette, 1r TI
1877.
Full of Wit-Ilumnor--Pathos - Sketch m
-Gossip--Fashbion-Inidenut- ist
News-Homne and Fereigu th
Letters. nn
You will enjoy it better than any other til
newspaper. sit
th
"HOW HE WAS TEMPTED." Ti
S A thrilling contiiued Story, written for
The P REE T'RESS, by "Elzey f
Hay" (Fanny Andrews the
noted Southern writer
will be a feattire
of 1677.
WEEKLY, post paid. $2.00 per annum ad
In making up your iist, start with the
Detroit Free Press. C(
TIHE I'OST MASTER IS AG'T. FOR IT.
OUR COUNTRY !
er
Become of It ? to
Is the question now agitating the public PI
1w mind.
n. The grave issues before Congress; the '
O linal settlement of the late Presidential
election; the incoming Congress; the
new Preshdent; the Policy of the next
fl Y Administration; and future welfare of
the country and people, are matters of
be great interest to each and every individu- Se
al. Such a crisis has not been presented to
since the Declaration of Independence. P1
A Truthful History of events, and do- be
Sings of Congress will be given with im- ty
partiality and fairness in the or
ev
CINCINNATI ENQXIfRER, st
a public spirited paper echoing the wish Pe
esto the people, advocati'ng nhliissiou th
to the Laws, good Governcelf, aned the on
Rights of the people to be heard upon all iol
matters that pertain to the country's
weltfare.
tips The Tricky Politicians, always ready fr<
E, to orga:nize trouble, but who nlever par- gr
pe- ticipate in danger, will be shown upi in ar
their true chalracters. By subscribing all
be- for the Enquirerr you will get a faithful an
isy record of events a. thel transpire, with- Nc
out Party Colorirrg madl mnl'c.id ln, par
old ty feelings, as the tr m iMrit in a news- ti
w, paper is its ability altf willingliess to l
of give the all
NEWS AS IT COiLS, Li
and not as it is prepared 1by party ,lhmia
gogules to niisl'aed the Ipeople. Specimc th
copies free.
Tormc of fthtriptoo u,
FOR WEEKLY. r
Single Copy,Oe y)ear-.............$?2 0) "
FiveCopiCs " ..I 75 each......8 75 tl
Y Ten " " " .. 60 " .....I 00 Li
Tweaty" "' .. 1 50 " .....3000
, , -----L-
FOI' DAILEY. to
Witho't Smlcnay Jers. With Sunday lamus.
BIy Mail, mm yewr..$1i 00 iv Mail 1 Vear.S14 e pr
Six Months........ 00 Six Months..... 7 00
Three Mlontbt..... 3 'Three Monthsl... 35) wi
One Month........ 5 Ode Month..... 50tr
Most liberal terms to club agents. Send su
Sfor specimen cpies and agents' oitfit. se
Agents wanted at every post-ofiee. tic
Address all letters to
FARAN & McLEAN, PUctisnEns, t
Cincinnati, Ohio.
· - ---- -- --- - - - at
SPR/E ENJOYMENT FOR A YEAR. ,
Less thaln four Gents a Wee. t. i
MAKE IIOME ATTRACTIVE BY IT'tRO- the
-tTCING adi
M TilSB TIB AY lsll lf T. itl
'4 It
Which formore than 55 years has been I
the best 'a
STORY, SKETCH & FAMILY PAPER ai
as is well known all over the United I
States, It is published weekly. contains I
eight large pages, clearly printed on good upa
paper, ftilled with the choicest storiesand tice
sketches by the best writers; no sen- noe
sational trash, but such as a mother is eril
willing to have her children read. The the
whole tone of the paper is pure and el- pi
Sevating. aiC
It aso contains Historical and BIiogra- all
phical articles; Scientific; Agricultural Rel
anid 1 usehaold Departmelnts; PFashioi iga
SArticle weekly, fresh and excelled; Ha Aep
morons Notes ; Literary Reviews; News Fr
Notes; Boy's and Girls' Columns, ill:
and Sparkling Editorial, etc., etc. cre
ust suech a a paper es everybody loves to se
jead, and the price is only cep
Rc:
TWO DOLLARS A YEAR. pn
the
Sample copy containing clubs rates, etc. I
sent on receipt of a 3-cent stamnp. Address its
mec
N'O. 650 BENNETT & FICTH, ene
1"6 Sansom Street, Plhiladelphia, Pa. ma
N. B.-4e sure and affir the number nd
650 before BE.NNETT & FITCII, so that we
may know through what paper the sub- gre
scription comes.
oft
THE SUN tha
1877 NEW YORK. 1877 i
tim
The different editions of TIIE SCN dluring
the next year will be the saeno as during the
year that has just passed. The daily additionc
will on week aysbe a sheet of four pagesA, or
56 hroadl colmcncs; while the weekly edition si
will be a sheetof eight pages of the same dlmeen. ]
eions and character that are alreadly familiar to Aix
our friends.
THE SUN will continue to be the strenuous less
advocate of reform and retrenclenent, and of T
the substitution of stateamanship, wisdom, and and
integrity for hollow pretence. inbecility, and Cli
fraud in tie administration of public affars. Itb
will contend for the government of the people
1- by the people and for the people, am oppoeed to T
goveretment by frauds in the ballot- box and in Dol
the counting of votes, enforced by military tr
n violence. It will endeavor to supply its read.
ers--a body now not far from a neil ion of soucls
-with the most careful, complete, anel ircst. Of
e worthy aseonnte of current events, and will 8
employ I this purpose a numerous and care
Sfully selected staffero reporters and correspon. A
dents, Its reports from Washington. especial
ly, will be full, acefrate, and fearless; and it
- will doubtless continue to deserve and enjoy
the hatred of thnse who thrive hby plnndering Con
the Treasury or by naclr;,ing wht the law doen
not give them, while it will enaar to
the 'onfidence of the public by, defealrt
rliihts of the people agatnst the encr-at n
of ,,nastiiled potwerh. encrI
The rie of Ith.dillt SUN will be a6
a month or $6 .0 a year, post paid t"W
Y the Sundav edition $t 70 a year, or.
Tie S.')AY edition alone, ei 's
$1 20 a year, post paid. -g *
The Weekly Sus, eight pages ofld bt
omns. will ,e furnished during F;;lat the
of l a tear, post paid.
t The benefit of this large reluctlon a
previous rate for the Wreeklr can he en ý
tdiridnal subscribers without the nee ýtd
making op clnbs. At the same time Itr
oar frienda choose to aid in extendi1n it t
culation, we shall be grate ful to thea ,t
Anch person who sends nv ten or more as*
, ber s .ro one place wall be rntith.d to oa...o
of the paper for himself witlonbt charge
otie dollar i- year, pnta;eh paid: th *~A a
p npa er atd r atln e . .r, 1u'ly, r, -oaid atj
iXoaring the size of the ihee[t and, thae id' 1e
ta cnmstents, we are confid.nt the people wl
conrsider the Weekly S'x the cheapest nel
per published in ihe world, and we tru"s.,
- one of the very best.
Addiest, 1ITE SI\, New York City, N
'77 THE EOPLE'S PAPER 'i
THIE LOUISVILLE WEEKLY
Courier-Journad
The Grelat Nationail farlly Newapa ,
Comnines the expelrience, alility. 
°h material resources of tliree old-time 0.
isville newspapers of national repnut'
the Louisville Courier, Louisville J04i.
nnl rind Louisville Democrat-and is .
Fr titled in the respect and conftiderc.
sulting fromt nearly half a centý
their individual and combhined s ui
" The Weekly Couricr-.ottrntl is noi
mere hasty hotch-potch thrown fromt
or daily edition, but a complete, able,spity
falnily newspaper, carefully and intelli.
gently edited in every column andpata.
graph.
Chico from 223 standard books, or ani
one of the leading magazines or illustr
ted periodicals for a mere pittance id
m addition to the price ofthe Courier-Jo.
nal aloue.
I PRENTICE'S POE3IS and the Weekly
Courier Journal one year for $3.00.
T. A plehndid Mlap of the South, sil
28sx32 inches, haetdsome.y colored, var.
nI ished and hung on rolers, retail price
i $2.00, will be presented to each subeari.
her to the Weehly Courier-Journal who
sends is u 2.0o.
Terms, $2,00 a year, postage paid. Lib.
eral offers to clubs of five or more. Si.
cinmen copy and descriptive circular fre
to any address.
Address WV. N, HALDEMAN,
ic Pres. Courier-Journal Co., Louisville, Gy
"0 THIE WOORLD
ill
t F OR 1877.
of
of The New York World for 1877 Daily
u. Senm-Weekly and Weekly, will befona4
3d to be the cheapest and best ncwapapit
e. published in the United States. It will
o- be printed in an iftrproved form withane
u_ type upon the best pafet, and no expea
or labor will be spared to maintain itio
every department at the highest popllb
standard, and to commend it in All ue.
Ii pects to the confidence and approval of
in the best classes in the community wits
c out regard to political opinions or reliu.
11 ions ditferetres.
's It will lay before itareaders t
Tn tr NX s oS F'tIr DAY of all kindasgd
ly from all quarteres, by mail and by t4
r- graph, carefelly condensed and lucidly
in arranged, special attention being givenat
g all Conmmercial, Legal, Financial. Social,
ul and Politica'l 'ransactions in the City of
b.- New York and the United States.
r- FUL. r.EPORTS, Reciting and Illuatrnt
s- ting all Congressional and Legislatin
to proceedings at Washington and Albany;
all Meetings of importance, Religions,
Literary, Edunational. Scientific and Polt
ilicanl ;Ill Social Events, gay aud grare,
SanId lPersonal Informationut uftiuter t.
a the puhlic.
Colui:s.L'OStx<( .:, expressly prepand
for thbis iurnral hy :a permanent sta ofi
ac:oinlilshed rielhiielt w;rrifers at all l.n
tres of intereast ttifl~'Mi ot the norld
Lrrm.u:vu N:iw :rnd REvnitws,'by 'ih
otr reilers will be kept advised ofevery.
5 thiiug'slthyr of attention in the crrent
) Litcratnrc of Europe atnd Anierica.
) iiC ietisms of a| stotable worka'el
notices of all notable events in connetia
with M|ine, the Drama, Painting, 8elp
tore and all dOther branchles of Art.
S Editoral' Artiet!s upon every subjectof
.i present inetea*t or importance.
ot For the principll'libt M.iich The World
) will be governed in its discussion sd
Streatment of the pdlilic 9uestions, it wrill
l sullice to say that The W'orl; ,tile ca'
servative in politiet, desirs theoconnu'
tion ounly of what is good and wise in at
public institions and no linitations nupon.'
the right of private jutdgmept'and t
aspirations of Reform, save those which'
- are imposed by prudence. decoram, a'u
a rational respect for vested righteo'a;
for the honest opinions of all classes fIl
sects of men. While it has labored .
the principles and hails the triumphs
the Democratic party as affordingl art
practical promise of Reform in our pabli
admnimstrations, city, state twd natiounal
it wFrinet be blindly dev;ted tothed
vancement of any party or any eiQt
It will freely canvass the public condtd4
n whie it will treat with respect thepri.
rate r bts, of Pnhlie Men, and it will e1
amine fearlessy into t~e working-ofor
SnationaeF, state and mitinicipal gove,r
mentu.
S It will ineisieato a steadfast relii n
Snpi)n the original principhes of outpoDli
I tical syvtenma, ths mily sound basis of al
. needed inporventrtit therein; an unfalt
, ering devoti'u 'to tBe Constitntion a.
o the Union, a sdi'pulops fidelity toth
SIpirit as well us the letter ofourl hm,
and a sleepless viftrnee ih maintalnilt
all the great safegnrads of Civilh'
1 Religious Liberty. It will seek toelt
I igate and not to aggrdvate the evils il
separable from Party Governmet inf
a Free Country; to proinotggood and not
Sill feeling among our fellow-citzensof|l
creeds and colors, all sections and all
a sects; and to advance both b its. PM1
cepts and by its example th 'e i '
Reason and of Law over prejudiee
passion in all our paublic action h " i'
the discussion of all public affairs..
It will do justice always, to thie s :
Sits ability to all men and to all classes
men ; it will recognize no enemies bat t;
enemies of good morals, public order M.:
the law; it will endeavor, in a word, ti
malke its columns a terror to evil-do.
and a praise to them that do well.
Nor will it lose sight meanwhile of th
great and legitimate demand of tbh.
reading pnhlic for entertainment. The
WORLD will keep its readers infornd
of all that is amusing as well as of S
that is momentous in the movementsal
society and will spare neither trouble
nor expenlsa to provide them with a va
ried animated and accurate picture of thb
times in which we live.
STERMS--POSTAGE PREPAID.
Daily and 8mndays, one year, $9.;
six months, $5 ; three months, $2.50.
Daily withont Sundays, one year, P;
six months, $4.25; three months, l*.M;
less than three months. $1 a month.
r Thie Semi-Weokly World (Ttuesda
I and Fridays)-Two Dollars a year.
Club Agents---An extra copy for clu a
ten ; the Daily for 'lth of tientv-lve.
The Weekly World (Wednesdays)- On
Dollar a vear. To ClOnb Agents-An ex
tra copy for clnb often; the Semi.Week"
ly for club of twenty; the Daily for cluab
of fifty.
Specimen number sent on application.
Terme---Cash, invariably in advance.
All communications should be addreSS"
ed to THE WORLD,
CornearPark Row and Beekman Street
New Y'or k,