Largest C'ircallalioi o1f JAay
Connlry Paper in Ihe ~atle.
Rates of Subscription.
One Year................$2 ~I)
Six Months ...................... 1 5.)
No subnscription tuaken fr i tlhau ;
mouths. _.
PARISHl AND ('I'IY NEWS.
See New Advertisements.
Business in our city is dull-very
dull.
The river continues to walk up, at 1
a lively iate.
Quite a number of strangers have t
been visible on our streets during the (
week. t
Some of our subscribers slr still
in arrears. Walk in and settle up.
The weather the past week has been '
-clear and cool, with frosty mornings.
All persons holding unpaid School
Warrants for 1876, and previous years,
are requested to read the Treasurer's t
'notice, to be found in another column.
Owing to the continued absence of
the Editor, the sINrICA.TOR, this week
falls short of editorial and local items.
But we promise our readors to make
up the deficiency in our next issue.
Mr. WV. II. Tunnard, Disti ict Clerk, 1
furnishes us with the following list of
marriage licenses, issued during the
week.
Adolph€ Breda to Miss Amelia 1)rnit,
.George Gray, " Emma lIeasly,
,A lMartin " Celey liebee,
,oseph Maxler " Mary E. Hickman,
Ward Taylor " Caroline Smith,
Edw'd Wallio " Georgiana Jehnson,
Evereste Lebran " Celia Triehel,
;Nelson Rushing " Nora Coleman.
The Bart Able did not reach our
'city until late Tuesday evening--har
ing been detained by taking cotton, in
the lower Cane river. \\'hen she
reached this point, there was quite a
,quantity of the staple shipped by her,
making it about as large a cargo of
cotton as she has carnried in this sea
0son. 11er officers remenmbered us to
the extent of one New Oi leans paper.
It will be seen from an advertise
'ent in another column that the
School and Convent l,4operty of the
Sacred Heart, is advertised for sale.
The property is situated in tile sub
nrbs of this city, and is well suited for
an Stalte :lniversitv, or Female Co -
4ege, having been used for the latter,
'forseveral years. The building is a
tlhree-story hick ir -ith large and con
"venient hallways, and well ventilated
'apartments, affolding accommoda
tions for at least two hundred pupils.
The tract upon which the buildings
'are situated, contain 200 acres of land
more or less, a portion of which is
tlmbereil, making it a desirable loca
tion for either an educational institute
'or farm.
'This boy stood on his little sled,
And looked down at his toes,
As down the slippery hill lihe sped,
Upset, and smtashedi his nose.
:He tore his breeheos, ripped his coat,
And skinned his little rump.
When he went home he told his ma
He run against the pump.
She asked him "if he'd been to school,"
HBe told her that "he had;"'
list he had been with other boys
Engaged in doing bad-
' Playing hookey !" lied-deceived his ma
S he smasdhed his little sled,
ihe warmedil him with a piece of stave
Anl made him go to bed.
That little'trtchin's out again,
And walking 'boeut the streets';
'Walks pigeon-toed, and makes a face
At every boy he meets,
ahedon't sit'down-the boy ain't well,
and often gets a slur;
IlHte lhis'lips, and says, "I rid
IA bare-backed male too fur."
enterprise-Pluck.
Few ien of this day have exhibited as
mrth pluek and enterprise In business as
br. Tart, of New York, the proprietor of
'att's Liver Pills. In a few years he
la built up a basiness of vast propor
. tesand made his name a household
'Trord a~l over the landl Advertising
agents say that he has paid the press
S year over one hundred thousand
ilh, and that the demand for his
ali~la is enormous, both in foreign
trastries and at home. The New York
m1pm1, report the shipment from that
Irt in one day of a "ton of Tutt's Pills."
k. k of it: two thousaA p.unds of Pills.
Prom this great success our merchants
Und manufacturers may learn a useful
lemon. If they have an article of true
merit - no humbng-let everybody know
it through the medium of priuter's ink,
and success is sure. It is true it requires
luck, but "none but the brave deserve
fair." More, Dr. Tutts and hard
Swill disappear as rapidly as disease
ihes before his lost excellent medi
I you dream of a ring-tailed monkey
ug bar soap on the top of an obe
and acrathiog the small of his back
his left bhndfoot, on which there
llter of the eighth potentiality and
o years stalninag, it means that you
miet ras eyed girl the next time
heatiag raecons in a reservoir,
ate worn man of business who
SswI biself w a recuperative holi
Splmant r.Iabie tonic stimulant
a necessity, ad such he will
BStomach itters.
REMARKABLE SUCCESS.
Tie success of the leading literary pa
per of the West, TE: C mc.Ao LEDocEti:,
is truly remarkable. Since its introduc
tion to tlie reading public, six years ago'
TIE LEI,GIER has steadily advanced in
ftavor, and ii ueiwv acknowledged second
to no ipper of the k ild in the country.
Its citeculation is natiomal, and has been '
obtained thlrough tfite e4forts of its pub- f
lishers to produce a papet" of high moral
character, and at the same time sell it at
a price consistent with the present hard
tines. That they have soceede, and
well, too, the tholusandl.s iof readellsl's of Tri:
L.t:ia;I.; scattered fromt Maine to Texas 1
and fromt Oregon to Flohrida will hear
testimonyi . Tl'lt: CirIu(.\;o LI:te;t:i:E is ai
large fotrty-cight eolunit weekly paper,
which eontains stories both comptlete and
continuled, in each numlber, written by t
the Ieest autho.rs of the day, and a great
variety of information interesting to ev
iry one. The shubscripton prive of T 1
LEiaEtw is only $1.50 per year, postage
paid, and it is equal in every particular
to other papers of the same character
which sell fir :3 a year. Three copies of
this valuable paper will be sent to any
one who seids 10 cents and their addrltess
to Tin.: I.;:entt, Chicago, Ill. Jan 10-4t
Special to'our Lady Friends.
The VINiuIc.vrnOl has always been the
especial favorite of the patriotic ladies of I
this and adjoining p:arishem, and in o'r
darkest hours they not only stood by, en
conraged and aplauded our effttorts, but t
they have done all in their power to ex
tend our usefulness. We ask them to
continue dluting this year their eftorts in
our behalf. Let thetn solicit. their friends I
and neighblors to subscribe for the VINII
c.tvrot and we will promise them a spe
cial departlmentt in our columI s devoted l
exclusively to their iiterests. Whio will
be the first to send in a list of subscri
bers ?
()u: OuIrlI::---To the lady sendhing us
one ihundred new subscribe is we will pre
sent aº Singer Sewing Machine; and to
the one sending us sixty, we will present
a Weed Sewing Machine. To the lady
sending us lifty subscribers a nice Parlor
Stove; andte to the one sending ius twenty
five a Sherman Clothetls Wringer.
This is eo)r first ofier and if successful
we will lonitinue to give prizes Now
ladies let us hear from you at once. See
our rates. Jan 5-Ct
TIHE DOCTRINE OF IIELI^
Opinions of Some of Our Enminent i
vines on the Subject.
N. O. Democrat.
The sensation producted by Jlecher's
sermont in which Ie virtually dlentietd the
inspiration of the Scriptures. thedoectrine
f the Trinity, and the Ibelief in a literal
hell. has reached this city, as well as
others thlroullghout the country. Beecher's
sermon itself has hot made at very pro
tountd imlpresston, becanuse, as it apl.cea:s,
he enjoys blit Iror repute as a thelogiatn,
and his views are but little respected by
doetril 'tcians. But the individual views
held by the niumber of leergnlen of va ri
outs denonminations, :Is relported in the N.
Y. Herald. have proedceel a decided sen.
sation. It is a uatiter oftsurprise to many
that front anuong so many divinte there
shoutl be but one . vi. o r.efe.red th e ti.t
ter entire!y to the accepted tlcheology of
his deluominiation. The interest manife*s
ted in the isatter has induiced us te, call
upon se've:ral of thie more eminenitt of tie
clergy of thie various dellominiations of
this city fer an expression of their views
upon the disletceed dtctrine, the result of
whichl wc give below, It will be seen
that oir clergy, as a rnle. stick to the or
thlodox teachings of their various denotm
inations.
Our tiest visit was laid to
We foeund the reverend lirelate in hiis
roomns at the archlishoptie, at ithle ceorler
of Clhartnres atd St. Atn streets, anl wore
received by himi with his usual courtly
affahility of mannter, which combinites the
pIrince in thle church, the christian befere
his fellow men mrnl the gentlcmanw of the
world,
Without many ipreliiinaries we stated
to his grace tlhat the ohelject of our visit
was purely journalistic, and asked wheth
er he hald any oljections to giving his
ideas on the delicate question of eternal
punishment hy fire which is now agita.
ting the intelligent and religions world.
Findling no objection to this we inquaired
whether he had read the varions articles
that have been lately piblished in the
Northern, Western antd l'European piapers,
all of which. the explessitns of thought
of eminent divines atid theologians, con
cufred in a dlenital of eternal punishment
by material fire, sonme of them going even
so far as
TO DO AWAY ENTIRELY WITIH tiE|t,.
"To tell you the truth," answered his
grace, "though these publications have
come to my notice, I have paid very little
attention and attached small importance
to them. You see, these are only expres
sions of opinions from meon. The Protes
tant ste(ts, with their liberty of conscience
and of interpritation, have done away
with faith, and their sayings have simply
the weight of individual opinions Opin
ions, as you well know, vary according to
different natures, tendencies, characters
and idiosyncracies, A man may honestly
change his opinion, but faith is one, un
changeable and eternal. The Catholic
Church is not governed by opinions, it is
governed by faith. I can, therefore only
tell you about the sunhject on hand, that
I believe all that the Catholic Church
teaches, and that its teachings agree not
only with Holy Scripture but with the
doctrineof trne plhilosophy. No sincere
Catholic doubts that there is a material
as well as an immnaterial punishment in
hell.
The human being is made np of mate
rial andi inmnaterial parts, the body and
the so: I; both live and sin together.
Death is bat the separ:ttion of thie two.
It is, therefore, logical that both shonuld
be punisthed in the hereafter, and this in.
evitably brings us to the conclusion of
the necessity of material punishluent.
God, it is true, may so ordain iin His infti
niate wisdom that, until the end of the
wornld anid the dlay of resurrection the
soul will be made to suffer alone, but it
will experience material suffering. It
may appear paradoxical to say that an
immtutaterial body should sufntfer materially;
but, after all, is it not during life the soul
that receives impressions, that perceives
them; does it not experience joy from a
caress, or shame anti anger from a blow ?
Upon the question of a belief in a real
fire in hell, his grace stated that there
was not a doubt, unless we deOiy the
words of our Lord Jesus Christ bimself.
The Saviour spoke of an "eternal fire,"
and it would be a wilful and unauthori
zed misconstruction of his words not to in
Sterprit them as he evidently meant them,
literally. What that fire is there is no
a bnasis upon which to fix a theory, but that
it is a umaterial fire there is no daubt.
We would have liked to stay longer
and enjoy the iutersting conversation of
Sthe Arehbishop, but many people were
- calling npon him and we hal to with
t draw.
REV, B. M. PALMtER,
Dr. B. 3f. Pahler, was at tea when cal
led upn, iand had but a fiw iioInni(lIts to
spare, having other engagenllents for the I
eveliing. le ltlhd heard of the clam"or I
plotdluedl by lietcher's sermon, and was i
astonished nat the sinstin that n t haId be I
created by it, anii indeed, that any girl
eral inmportlance shouild Ie attached to his
utteraner's. As a theologian he was of
bad repute, and his opinions were of no
weight whatever., 1)r. P'alnier'satte'ntion
was then ealled to the interview wilh Dr
Artlhur ('io:,hy, of the New Y ork Presby
terian 'hrch, as, reported in the lherathld
in which he avowed a hielief in a lace I
and coindition of Ipnishmenlt for in'orrii- it
gable, sinners in ;a futurve life, but could I
cepit ill the Ibis of eternal sinuintg.- I
Said l'. ('iroslshv, "Ifa s.untl l 'es not sill
e:tcrnall., it .,hioul not, :ni wonld unlt,
Ih pmnished eternally. 'T'hete are ppolr
tunities for sinning aild r'le'oltiog in tti'
fumt'r life: as tlhere a'e iin Ithis. Other- a
Wise lie could not see the necessity tr '
conltiuillllull or iternlal 1lliinisllhile t." C
Co'ninenting upon this. Dr. l). lihn¢i;'sai'
that Dr. ('roishly had always been known
to entertaini very sigular views. Therei
was inmuch that wa;s subject to criticisin in
his "Life of Christ." Indeed, this very a
laxity, a great deal of which prevailed iiin
the Presbyterian Church North, was the l
s.ole '~.ese of the failure to re-unite the
Northernl anld Soalthern Chlurches. Such a
doctrine would not lhe tolerated uamolg f
Sonthern Il.eshlyterianis.
liit. continued heli. this denial of' lftiure
eternal imnishinent is no new heresy.- t
With reference t the stlatenment of Dr
Farrar, eanon of Westmuinster, that the
woi'ds "d'llnliatioll," "'hell," iaid "evil-r
lasting," were mistranslations, and with
these words erased fri'o the English Bi- C
ble there would be no basis for thl 1 pop- I
aIr teachings about hell. Y)r. 1Palher said, r
piroducing his Greek Testunient anld turn
ing to Matthew, xxv. chaplter, 46Ith verse,
that he coulitl not agree withl the Caucn.
If the fxreek word the-re did not sigtil y
everlasting, eternal, there was no wl'rd
to express that idea in the language.-
heading the aiove verse, which1 is fol.
lows: "Aind these shall go away into ev- t
erlasting piunishlnent, but the righteous t
into life eternal.'" the reverend doctoreI
said this verse, following after the two
parables in the ten virgins and the tal-.
euts, aml the splendid descriptioli of the
last judgment, can have but one ineaning.
T'hose who deny evrlastinu pln ishmle'nt
uslt necessarily deny the lifi, eternal,
llnought. as they are here, in julxtapos,i
tio. liTh conclusion is inevitable. andul
it is :alsolute :uniihiliation, fle. liaiiself,
was a pure ('alvii..t, and held to the t
crecd of the fathers.
'rE:V. INt'S Pl'It KERl,
of the M!cthodist Episcelpal Church Suith
was the next call, sI uponl. Mr. Parker, I
who is a iuiln ol tine figure and hanioiiilll e
oi111en fele', was s'~atill at his iediturial;
desk in the rooms of the New Orleans I
('hii.fri iian .ldlrochi. lie greetedi the reipre
senitative of the I)uiio:i,'at kindly ald ill
vited him to a seat.
R~ii -1ir. Parker, I'v'e called,1 uponl you
to talk about lhll. You dolubtleuls lhave'
read of the ei' nt seli'lnic s oni flthe sujiect
by ('anon ii Lear. at W estliinsteri. Londonh
and BIecher, in New York and tlhe uijit I
of Iny visit is to learn your opiniions onl I
the suhjeut.
Mr. l'arker-Yes, I have seen somuetlhingZ I
of thle sermons yoiu ri'ett to, but I do not
ac'redit to thtm the mupoirtabce that
scems to be xiveni tihem by the press. In
the Meth odist ':pisclycopl Churtch onth.
there have been some dillit' enceis of opin
ion relative to tlhe continued durntion and
as to the phydsieal cha acter of the pu1n
islmhient of'sin. .Aceording to the tenets I
of tfaith, onl tlhe resurrection d'ay the' lbody I
renlili s with thfl sloul, ;ini ll l h will sit'
for flu' deids cluninllttell in the flesh, It
is true that there has been iniluch niioder
ation in the views hithertoi held. Mir.
SWesley had thlt idei that at the relss r
ricteiu thel bodyv and sl woill lie in
vestid wivi lianes ande sthi.r- biodily
plliuigs. 2o\\', tlhci' i a l ithilenecil ast I
thle hiuraltim olif' this iunii.shient. The
uMeithliolist Chtrleli holids to eternli d1:n
nation ,till: I hli eve that enuiall'sis is
laid cii t l' hel iimfal eluisnliiit, antd not
the' ldysieal.
Reie.- It' this idea of a non-existence oif
a he'll spreads, do lilye not thiik thfit it
will be the cause eif schisii in tihe chlinrehi
Mr. P.-No, lenot Ithat I knllw if. I have
nliver heard of any deliflfe'renice of opliionll
ii oe u'r ellc rega'lrding, the suhuject. It
is true there were tlhree candielates to the
nministry refused amliiisieii huy the British
Conferenice last slliiitur for nllot believing
in the edoctriine of eternal pnnislnent,
ibut eyonde these I diiL not know ofa ease'.
They i the onely exanilehs I kncow of
niy dep arture iii belief.
'Thet Ucniversalists now hieliev in the
restorlation eieitrinel,, I think. In niy
thoiiught ulnI st ll3 n this snbject, and I
have giveni innch Iiine tee it, I have been
forced t tthe eonvictioni fron the secrip o.
ral and philusolhilcal coIncidence fliht the
punishlilent was etenial. I do not be
lieve, however, that the h'atheie, as was
fornierly hel ieved, anre condenllied to eter
nial lunicishonentl e' 'se cl their ntl hav
ing beconme nieniihers ofthe fatitle I thinik
that if they acteed tl to their fithil the
divine elllcy of Giil wouldh not pe'lmit
themi to be condeinied.
w-as then called uiipon at his residence, on
Chilstuit street. Whiehn ushered into the
cnpacious hininhg-roeoi of tfle rector of
Trinity Cleiirch. thatt gentlenan wals ab
seif t at llhe audiiy schieol celehbration of
his loclk. After a shori delay hlie arrived,
however, and soniewhat flushed with iiis
labors ihe came inlto the rooms exteeieing
at welcome hand to the re-iorter. Wihene
lquestionied abouIt tilhe sinbject of Catnion
Fucrear's diseoiurse and Beecher's proiuuci
wamento, he said:
"I can only say this, that I had only
heard of these by reading somen excerpts
from them. The English papers I read do
not credit Canon Farrar with as stroeng
enunciation of these views as I see credi
ted to himi. If I mistake not, the Can iion
came out in a cali talcfter the publication
of the report of his sermon, in which le
explained that he had nol gone as far as
the press alleged he had.
"The Calli iinhis card stlted tflat he
Sgave thle true traunlations from thle Greek
Sof "everlasting, hell and dainnaltion." In
this I plerlfectly agree with him, as every
I scholar muest. IThe "gunshing olf teeth,"
Setc., referred to in the Bible, of course
conld not refet i to a physical gnashing of
Steeth. fir there can be iino teeth in a slpir
itual life."
Rep.-Tlhen you do not differ with Ca
Snon Fairrar's position f
Mr. Tihompson--le, as is shown by his
card, has not stepped bwyond the hound
' aries oh our creed. He has excepted to
Sthe translation of certain worls, but notlhi
Sing beoend this. I am of the opinion
Sthait foture punishnent, like that on
earth, should not follow natural hhas. It
Shas come under my personal expeienlce
that a man wnuld forget friends, famnily
iand everything else and sink themselves.
The consequence is that they suffer eor
1 respondinglly. Tiey 8iiffer aind the suf
a fering in the other world, sheiritual, will
Sbe co-ordinate with that in this. It may
be that in the revolution of tine thereu
Smay be a restoration. a(d that those who
Shave sftlered will be relieved from their
Sformer position, A revolution that hap
pens in all of nature's works may <ome
about and after a term of punishment the
sinner may be relieved. Thtero is roon
for some discussion on the subject how
ever.
REV. DR. KRAMEn
was called upon next and requested to
r give his views regarding the subject of a
material hell. The reverend gentlenian
said the word hell wis used in the Bible
in a figurative sense, so far as he believ
ed. That whether those who were depri
ved of the presence of God, for the sins
committed by them in this ltfe, Were to
be burned in a lake of fire he was not
knew nt olting aboirt. ThIlat he lways
looked ulfoni tihe world hei-l, as ai, word to
imiprl'ss the living how terrilble it was to
Ie depri\ved iof the presenice of (god.
RELIGIOUS ('OLUMN.
Edited by thLe Rev. T. J. IHough. 1
HOME AGAIN.
I'i
MR. EDIToR: I take this methol d of n
infolllng the nllleolers of iy 'ichurch, hi
and my many frie'nds in Natchito'hes li
p1it sll' , thait ilftler an alseni e iof six
weItks, which seeim to ine fully six long I
(Mioitlihs, I ai alt home again. )ullinig x
ihese six weeks I have attended out it
Annal ('ntiference, have trave'hd ,di
twentv five hiuilred miles by boat, t
andl have attended to a vast amount of ti
se'('ar business, hbe.id's have pl each. ai
ed reguIlarly every Sahlatll, save onie. f
My heart leap ed with joy when thlie
Bishop readl out liy appointmienit, in- i
nouiniug that I should fill the station t,
at Natchitoclhes for the preisent year, I
ald I now enter ulpon the discharge of i
the duties illCumbent uoni IiI with El
great Sih-asure, an yet I feel that I l
,ill indtequiate to thlie great task be- aI
forle tile. I shall endeavor to do lily c'
whole ihl vy, a1nd rl'aveifully leave the
result in thie hliads of h1111n who is able
to catry o(i the wyolk. *
And befoire I loiCct(ed to lily second ti
years' labor, I desire to return myi li
heartfelt thanks to the citizens of this tI
city anld parish, for the kiundness ex- ia
hibited towards tllyself aln fliily d111
ring the past year'; gnd fior tihe,nmoral ti
antd finalllial SUllipport afforded us while
engaged it our r lahoi of Love. We i
caine into vytlit nidust "'s Ilangets 1daid
ye took us iti"'--un1Ii this kindness andl
generocosity was not lompted by the a:
fact that we wetle "Mtholldists" and d;
therefore had a peculiar chinim nlpon 1
the lp'ople, inot at all, we only had four ti
ltiebilers iof our church to cilllcommence ot
iilih; but we were received as ithe I
iiessetlligcr of salvatioi, andl treated as i
such, by a11, irtlespective of sect. or
lnationality, iiand 1 wish to rec'ord illy a
testlint y to the fact, that no linder ni
or mnore Iloble heatted people exists
any thcere than the ('athoulies of this
vicinity, they have couilitliuted In lit- :
the towarids our halppiness and comifort
during our residence hiere. I have
visited their church and they have a
vis-ited ny chlrch, aind we have not t
in the least inteifered with each oth- i
ers religions opjinions, but simily p
gilctcrtd ;each other as friends and f'l- Ii
low traveles\' to Elterity, and tImny ti
of ius expect to meet each other ill thlie ii
halliucess hland.
(l' .Jewish frilends too have done
;ill in their lpower to mWake us cllll'fitt
alhe, antl iiake us feel at homie, they ti
have even met Ils with i SilIe i nt 1
reely resllpondedll to e'very call we have h
imade ont tllthem for charll'itable or 11(the'1
luriposes" . MIanyi of their chiiten se
have at teltnded o0:r Sahbliath Schoolls
and inhgled their merry vices with
thoise of oui children in soni g.
We siay with pleasuire that all our t
PIrotestalints of every (leiomiilllation are
at peace with each othelr, and et slih
striving in their own way to win suils Ii
for the Master---ant thus we are entl- 1
bled to say ill thlie lainguage of the
sweet sitiger of Israel "llehold how t
good antid how pleasatnt it is for Breith
Ieni to dw1ell together in ullity, it is
like the iprecious oiintmeniut upillon the
head, that rini dtlown onil the lieartd,
evel, At ol',iis hei:rd : that we"it El\\oi -
to iho skirts olf his griCtlch ts ; as tlhe
dewl of Ilhieavenl; and as the dow thi:it
Elescelltl el oiil lhe iiiliilinills ot f Zitii ;
foir tlhise the Lorid cimitalntieul the
llessilig, evenl of life forl ever Illile "-
ainll we allte iow nutlllhiorizidll to belideve
that if we cotntiniue togetlher in ulnity, I
the Lord will colllmandi his blessiiir a
(ill ts ialstio even 41 ittilig the ji:escnt
yelir, all thiis I Conltfidetll!y loolk fti'.
Atid I wish here to direct a few I
wolds eslpeci;lily to mtly chtrchl ; ire I
thlel, we hIavre 1 greatll work Ibefore us I
let 1s ait the lbeginiing of the year,
unitedly pllt oni the whiile ii nII II of
falith, nlld go forth ill the lname of
Kiung t'aliuel h, tliPe is short, time is
u'trejciiis, we will all 1soon lie ill eter
niity gnid what we haIve to 4do let is do
quickly "Thlie King's business reqlitires
Ihaste. Nto bodyv of lieoplle whetlher
seiular ot" religioiiis can accolliliish
anllytlhling witlliolt zeal ald wmliitilih
and tailth iit the enterlirise ; the fiozeni
8tream never moves the mill to griid
the corn. Thie brook lthat rihlEtuces c
the verdnre on its bnks whliile rui- i
ning, is useless to vegfetation while
froizen. The noble rivers whichr bear
niillions of tonis of freighllt, and inyri
ads of passengeers on its liquil bosili
is useless to naivigation whlle huiitln I
in chuins of firost. Tl'he silveiry lake so
valuable to co1inserce is useless to
trade when locked in ice-and equally
true is It that a church can do nolth
ing forGo0 , tnd for ittnortal souls
when chilled and frtizen iot( cold for
nitality, or intctivity.
I)uriing our ablisene we haive pocll
red sole tioney itiud iltatei'ils foir tlhe
erectipn of a chulrch ihouse for our
coillgregailtfo , we iletsiri to colmmence
building our ihoise ait fullthest, by the
first of April. Let us buihl a hoiise
small, cosy--parlor like-inviting
within anl without, the picture of
nentiiess, well anlld tastily furinished.
I wish every member of miy church to
consider himilself, or lheself is noi agenIt
for plrocurinig money and nieitts for
constructing this buiilhing. Lel the
nmatter go iirominei i tly before the lpeo
Ille, I aimU sure we will mleet with a
Shealirty reslloiSe.
Our city has at present every indi
citilll Elf imfprovemnlent, allI tlie resi
Sdences, stores 1nid shiop buildings Uare
occiipied, nld still there irio apilli
cillits for house Inotri. Now Tas we
nlitil Ulp let 1is iolt foitget the Giver iof
allI--let ns build a hllouse foir tlie Lotlrd,
andl dedicate thault Iouise anid conise
Sct-ate onr own henllrts to CGolid, fSucl a
ihouse as wc prtopose to huilhl will be a
beuefit financially as \\well .as morallly,
to olir city-anld we eaii'estly te4.lucst.
all, whether ,Jew or Gelntile. Rolnoli
Catholic ol' Protestant, to aid utis in
41our elteirlirise.
Finally, let is offer uip a united
prayer that olnr Iteolple ianv trolsper
inuaiicially and religiiuslvy, duriuig tihe
r ptesenti year, and that all if our chiir
Sches may be built uli, nuiimarically and
r spiritually.
Thanking our citizens for past fa
evors, and involking Heiavelns bles
e sing on theim all-I sty in the Ian
Ii guage of the great Apostle, "'Grace be
- on all of them that love our Lord
Jesus in sineerity.T. Atmen.
rv. T. J. IIOUGH.
BUIST'S GARDEN SEEDS.
A FULL supply direct from growersi
Also onion sets and genuine Farly
Rose potatoes. TI ose desiring fresh and
reliable seeds will buy no other.
For sale by J. C. TRICHEL,
Jan 260, Washigton S:rcet.
News from Our Friends.
EI~llNON.
hanuary 14, 187.
Ihrrt+ Tindicatfor : l
•.].i't heartilyi dio I re-echo your w\ish1
III' a "lla;ippy N'.i'w Yar,"' to o(.lir ple'Ip 1
lland c('iii allltiha Vt li oill yourlll' .1l'tSs as
11 f,11h'" and l';aithl'ul "Vinlitiahor'" of thl
right" of thI. l.'ople. 1Y u11 have i:iad11. it
I ull I h ll'nls 4 litiit ; ll' yt'i e lr jlist Ill-1111
h rVd w1( ith1 11t pa it.-,,t, ; yo..tur iar lnsi.t mla .
y (our,(. Yo'our hurt.ir,, words of enculr
a l nt, l ii ' Iha 'e :1;i itl n:i)' whio iwere
\\a\iitri iuIl hI ' path o l'dutli y to !hiI' I .i
5ste1t y , 4l lhin. A111 11l1 lly :uin h:vi\',
tlli hIarti of III strulng, htoll steadlfilst
.ten uIcle' 1gll, a,,:l c:use tl to thrill with p4
dh'lith on1 reali:lg your exhorial ionlls, iol
shldl lih'n by the Bright, and flt'thr not.
till the gre't jirizt, of sti'f-giuv\'eriines t tli
altd honim trilth is ,W-on Iaik, enp,'letlv', A',
froi'm h, hanl s of li : li.m l \ : ialisin.
Many hpeT," that hl:,lhhd fl;llh in lmon.
ise ofl a full frnition, ha\ive 't h!l!:.li d il
the breath of Tl'ime, dtu'ing i., p al,.:.,, ia 1' '
the l .st year in to h . '141T1m h of the o. e:t uI' I
Past," alld th! t ithtilusl of diai.-lp. iinll u 'it' I
ure pros.trat,,d, some Io :,ink de,,p,,r and
deeper,. into t'he ,l. , of d,',:lrtir.: and i
'yet othhtrs, tIoIrIs with rentewvtd enir gy th
tuil 11ilh: eitli I \inlg that .i',ry [lcur" in- i
Creases I the, 'ii'i'i~ of stii'.css. tr
Many bright antl roiuiiisiug littl, rhil
dlreu that werle te II r ide of lo'in par
ents, ha\in,,,h ýt'ely oltoluetd ihl, short of
T ille, " Illl'r tly rlu' illhi ig lon;; e lono h to to
umakt( tlh,.ir l;" lot plrints" in th . s uls of t"
lit'., ha\e hieen wafted oln hil Wings ui 'to
the diar ;tl, ntl to real.ns of bliss; to t he t s
arm s of lii Il h,' satidl, ''sntul'r little chil- A
desllt to co11: tllut t i r I .'' Mti ly temllest;
tossed. Weari'y tra eii ,'j's l life,' stntly li
set', hally duining the pass'id year, riached 4I
al havetn of rest i'. t il e,' ii(cef''ll shlimti ers I
of' le g;ii v:i'. Man:y Mlre;1 aru e left st:iand
in as it were oil oho hltitk of etert, itly:,
wit th'l, ioiseluoisniess that their liv'es Si,
arte llauks, land loohIklig back through the 1
dark vista of iel lpast, Ilhe see ot lhinig
lint a \vast.l do :l' t, over wh ili  tift-s 1t ti -
taii trail is itI miarkel by a single oasis
of'giotd ded'ils, thre is not a splt th:at
lhas lien watered by tl tcars o'f grati- GI
ilh', we'lli:lg i i t'r i i lhci heiart ,fa i 1)
low being, who+. s1. ull ,rinygs they relievd.!.t
All is aldllnk l:ihial, aill is a dllknies ti
ahl :l , lhe.e is lWit ila i e ray of lihlt, si
not a gliiiner of hlopei , all, all is bitt.r- i
i ,es, aind tot' : d111 thIy ,fStaln i. a","tai - 1
+eIil t ,eri li)' of th , ll`e illthat s.hall
call thcin to the l:ast,, :o l tnal a,'r,' tilt. :
.Al ',t : theI :, e oit', er, who a'e a, Yi
shini:l ligihts, hoiisic v I\'s whe,'n takl tt!
inl teisll ptclt, ixhihit in: I v bright shelots
;ill :ilon;, th eilr pLth,',lv i.s miurkeil d hy
,l 'dls of .ch:Irity, i ly vo lsit of kidlht . l.
itt,.'re l io rrin. , .~o w i t ! (!I o 'ver tf 1
I .lus ilhlC (i Silt tlas l-ife att i a ln' the"it 'tir
litl's. i, 'lrlney, lthere, aIre pits where they
haC e ptllu tit Ii their s,i t;g i'u. s, :t,11 al
lifted st,mule fallen1 hrthr Irt iiet h! feet, and lt
st.a t:i.d hiln atlw\ on thi,, o:UI that leads
away froizl telm itat ioll; in;!Vl\ . are t h1
tinrý'.r bno rd. iJt un, ty th,'n, in the way
of et'uii le, 1o l marik nlit thel wcay to vir- i
tiLe .1lll k tnow Itlige; lt i.'o those that :nme to t
,olei, afllter thlrt. ITo S:lh theret is no C
drt"ad of the fllturi , all ;hlabi isi bright al
anid heltrin', ntll ht't n Il llt mess uigeltl i
iha!l call thihe, Wther will h'" no hliead ont 
Nthir parlt. to htie t this luch ctiiuse 1'l ws t,
to be tlha:kful for the aIit. am.d thetre is
m1u'h ftr us to regret. Is th,,re unwh to i
rEnlr 11+ hIo lpfil ,f t ht. fulture . I think f
th(1rt, is. Olur wise nmen are asst.n.,led in ,
New O)lrleas to make the crook..d Ways N
stri'aight. u1di as therel is 1iii Packardi li- s1
lie,' or hi'gislitnre to ipay we may hope
that ituri taxies, (to say the least) will not
ie iiitreased, and they ay pelrhaps take
time nogr h f'olll otlll= " xtr'l Collllpell
sItlion" to cotnsider the condition of the i
State at d granlt it (Const ittutional (ollVel
tion, so let its hope, while we wait.
Yoils Truly, VERNON.
NOTICE.
IN P1'IHMIT.\N ICE i' of no',litanle, of the
boiird tof iclt l I lirito s, lill hiier' isuts 3
and previuts ye'is, 'r' hereby mitifled to
present the sille tii liio, lit IIIy otlice, on
or befoire tIhe i1ti ihll of Ferliry nexit,
in rtder thhat Ihle Stlilo iilIX " lie adtjusted
atitd settliid, oiut of sut ch i11 liids ilitiay l ii -
mi in f lhtiihe lilirllitiiinen of tithese
ilirl'S. A. I. LICI",E,
Jaili '2 'i-t 'Trlls. STchoitil Jilin'd.
NTEICIE.
NatChitoches, L., Jatnury 17, IOSTS
OMPLAINT ha'viig been 'iturid at
this Olike by 'hlomas .7. Welch of
NatchitoiChs, La., against Anton Swich,
fa'or iladonin his ll,,:u,,stel;ad Pntry,
NoI. 79D, laht'd ll2th Alglistf, 7 i, nlloi I
thi e'list hllil Cn of niirtrl wefst quarter i r i1i
vest halft of norh east qi 'rtir St'cthiin
3t, Towtuship! 9 north, llange 9 wsyit, in h
Nati'hitoches Parish, Lui.ian. with a
vi'w to the canieleh lt oii ft 5l entiry':
thle said lparties irt hiri"erly s1iiiioneutl t
ilplCeii, lt this Oflice ol tlhe 151h day of
FeliTriliry, 1878, itt 10 o'-lick a. in., to re's
potld atindfrnislh Ptestimionit conceril niig
aid ,lleg'd abaliiolImilt.
L DUPI'XII,
A. . .LEMIE,
Jan. 19.-30d. Rciu'er.
J. SMITH,
PI OPRIETOR.
SOmne antd So Ine.t
O oHice LIQUIORS.
l Harlminig CIG tm S.
Heertul Coiipaniy.
St. D1,is St. L*1TCHITO(HIES. I LA.
M. 8. CURITES
PRA TICAL 1ACHINIST
-AN)D
ENGINEER,
ARCH:TECT, CARPENTER & JOiNER.
4 A LL Iinds of Maihihte woirko Eln, i
- 1 iieri'inig, (.trpn'itering ati d .Joiiner
wwork ihtine with diisliatchI, 11tid1 ii first
Esthilies llan111 lhlns for buiblings
proniptllt h ttli'nicit'hehi l Palliet desiritg
work wi Ihih the suiflS ut i trads will
call till iilli t I ny Iiitl, fl i' ti'ermn;, which
will lie liheril, liiith ns tio hlirie iiiind ttu'.
Shop tin WASIHINGTON STREET.
NATCIIITOCIHES, LA.
NOTICE OF DISSOLUTION.
The law partnership heretofore exist
nlig bietween Chaplin, Cunitinghamn tini
Chaplin is this day dissolved by miiutnial
conielit, lnt all hilsiiiess matters of the
ohl firit now pt'iniiig ihi conrt will have
e thu attcntion of the uindersigued.
d C. CllAPLi ',
J. H. CUNNINGIIAM,
T. P. CHAPLIN.
Jan. 12, 1878.
NOTICE
ly The minenbers of the Nathitoches Schoo
ii Boar, are requIested to meet at Natchito
chies on the 1st Molnday in Feb. next.
W. A. PONDER,
Jan, 12.3t. President.
Fl'ORTIET'1'I YI\I OF I''ILICA'I'ION
Fori fory e:uas tII N11, ew Yrk Ilereuryv
hlas Ibeel !(e. n 1'l lbrinI the public -a wrel
coe gfuiest lhrolighilt t lhe hgtlh indl
bresaltlh of h, 11 rhl. This liio1eer of
\V'eklvy Joirialisnm. it l.1s kept pale with
the lnuiarIds of [lll 'O\'ovelitent .11111 Pr'ogr'ss..
A.s ill ith last so in th;le lutlilr, it prIpo
ns Ito rIt,;iin its link as tihe
LEAiIIN(; IITI'I:1?ARY FAMILY ANI)
MISCELLANEOUS JOURlNAL
01CI.II l l': ,A l 'I E.
O1F TlE A.1.
Originality is :1 P'r mUliient 'eatll'e,, ies
ipeially in its Iiterallry ('olnuiins. Its Se
lial Stories :are 11y lh lIIst A. thliar, its
exte.llsive list of contiuill itors embilrul' itlg
the 1i11'llu5 i th" I ll o ii' t el'I :lraledI
AMERICAN ANDi El'~tIP'EAN WIi
'I:1;K 1F 1"1' TIl)N.
The MIc 1 'ly hl ma:Ichh'iev'll l National
epiiiltatinli tir its SkMh che.r i 11' N i lli einanc
; l 'al I ,iil;. l lichli ill \\ ic i it hlls Ii
rival. Aiiothr speeialit is its .
TABLE, 'AI.K I EI'.TM I"NT.
in which appears rcweIlimuly the -,host
thoughts of ls' hest 1inli11 .s '" \',,i'l,,\w'iig
with di'v,,ig' li' ;inlicl|th, \ i\ at'hill..\ |iolls poe
TIlE IIOMI CIRCLE,
Whih the Lw:ulies arie also always sre Iri'
to ti i n i t' the 1:I f'iI'ry artillhh of livin hi
inite'rest to the ti ir six. ('lhil'eii ii',e '- .La
tli''el to ii II iniliiiei llt li 4!sig led 1 iistrilelt
as well is mlouse. l1lt
A RIEC1'hL OF I''IILIC .\AM'E1IMENTS I'l
Thle al i:lol'lnY gives every item o'f 1u.h- ste
lie orl peislial ilipol'ta;lii' in the Tliuat- as
rival, Msica:il, .A:eic aniid Variety Wirll
Its iiorriesloiii.lihits. \i hi coiier hilth n ll in
ispllhelres--cer Ihit.hful landll illdullstlrios-
contribit, regularly a full, conlli'eheni
si\ve, II1 l.rleliaile lbudgell t olf initii atlit Nou
sllpelrilior iin alnriy ind 1 scople to that of
ally journal published.
SPECIAL IEALTURES.
The l Il:I('cUli is the ollVy rec'ognized si
favorilt lite lf h l : Volunteer lll Paid P 'lire
I)epllirtlieints of tlihe I'iuiuli iil1 Canadi a,
:il'lludiig, ,as it doels prompilyl l l x
hiustivuly., all uttainaihiule ietsan d s- \u
sill. Durli"1g; the seiaiiln of O)ll t-uhdoor
Spirts llnuy elnlins are devoted to the t
voriti . 'lle of, lias,-hall. Its reports ofll
liiies, :iil its ta:illlar r,i'irdsl of lplays
uil lihayel's. t:,' e lh hest puilishlell.
TIE NEll,$ ANDI) GENEtRAL IDEPART
MEN 'T, o
:lwaV, enhbrace sl1c"'l1 :,rtihlesl an till f.
Iv and inter:s tin, topirs: idilori:,ls, 01 - ill
dei sed lt, w iltclm hlll rllouils patraigt'a pls lo
etc., it '. a,.
Aligetlher in ljinut uf rarirety, tlu;iuit Y I .
x1lnd r aiility, the NI:w Yi ui l tl:uJi';L I y is S:
ilinrpasslll d by any Journal in thle Wolrld. va
t'ERMi O1,' S 1liS('ll'lTI(10. r.
1'he NMiN Yiiilmi Mir: lHt il, withl its if- Si
tv-six iulliiuii .l of t 'lilou.ig ii, lrigial ninat- C
ter, will 'colilin le Ito i , issuild lit Eight
Ceniiits copy. aliil soiul by all inewsmen
and pe'rililir;il healers ill A\irifa. 'toI'
mail sll snlI i tbr s ou ,tNIll r loi' ?4 will
hr (cash in l\iam(' : -Single olpies (pus
tare pNlitC). 'alln:.: )ll..11r P 1,R Axtu l.
\Write plainly the I ile llf post-ollice,
eoulty ad Stalter Sperieilletnii copies sent
,free to ill applintls. Address WII
VIAM CAl-E I WELLt , 'r Ilieta r of the
:\w Yo1'1t MiSelcr'rY No. 1Y. I'liton
street, New Ylork City. Jan 12-It.
A GREAT OFFER or, HOLIDAYS!
\We will dnring these HAI-T TIMES i.
andl the IIOLI DAYS dispose of 10,I NEW
nialkers at lowe\cr prices for cashl or In
made. wairranted for 5 yeris. Ill. Cal:
Togies mislliled. Great inldllnCeillfs to
uhe litrde, Pish oll, 7-conlt lr. , I 1. S10r 7
4 stps, 53; 7 l t sR 6l ; l foosr, oew ok 70:
10 hstogr .hi 12 stops, $t i t hi fc t lise -
order, not sied c vea., shele ofill letI
halt) ice. prOt Ai'E t V-Trnh r. Sliello'
MOneucIirer and feallrs, 40 Erast I4thl,
iStreet, Yorfk r O el
lIinllt . I',0 hi. lll|,IlE l0,
II29 lh'oalwa, New Ylrk City i o
C iengoI. Ill.; New Oin h rleln. L. fI
)or Stil Fa i' i iso, IMl].,
Rupstr, shuldmhi\usilt 1)r. J. A SlEl-'l
AN, R2 AN 1roadway, New Y'o2k. -
Snll( tlilly $2a. fior his ieW i'oik, with
who iretul d to fDA nish Dr. I helniai's
i ttillment ll
IOne of 'lce fellows, I germhqn cherkI
now ecallig hiself Dr. W. G. osrelie,
is idieted Sh compinht of Dr. S o rnd
awtitps trial for forger, ilrd tbezzle
jn LARGE MIXED CARDS wihI
*t 1 iamie in cale 13c. 25 withod ll
lIt. F, WASHlBUR & CO,, Mhhllcbo
i io, Missee
NEW O iRCANS, 1t tlps $123, ells,
ii, 12, .S) I!, $ 3~ F iir & C, retiil rice.
Fo75r olSly $5. St, L confidentialS.
\ Il ashingtolr , Ni . J.1
Siiels sle M1ih:, 10ret, silver ori
sips. of usic Prib. Ceo, itiddleboroi Ms.ils
. CARDS 25 $tyhes 100., or ev Chro
nvhio Crili's 20c., with name. J.
litstei & Co.oii, Na4li N4 '
Pec Thatl Salford m, adinl
ily e reT RefXreiiOes,
(hUGry LIS,1CLEls, A., Wells
N rgY & TH ., Ai'.JO, N,.
MewO latnslii irlit 5 " Ag w
eOiS SE . LBY iLL TeUilT.i
of (1atrrh Prie, with iiproved hi
haAr, y. 1. Sohl M 'ery
Pectoral Balm,
Dec 13 hm
li- i ('4i
-AND
( EI:.] anld LAY brick; do plasteriing
aluli all wirk in that line -promptly
cheeply, anti in any locality in this oi
TIm'Is, iO far Large, !n1d SIS far Small;
Address, Ml'KENNA & IlOSOSIER,
Jain. I"2-GIl. Natchitoches, La.
--~ ---------
1'IEI) \VILSON,
Receiving, Forwardiug
COMMISSION MERCHANT,
(Ieal) r in I)rly-.Goodl,roccries, &c.
Blair's aIaillg,
RED) ItIVERI, LOUISIANA.
I take this methtod of informiing hiy
friends aild the pnhile generally, that I
have removed froum llrownsville to Blllair's
L.anding, ne mIIile above, w here I a.n
preplariet to couct't. a rectiviug, foirward
i ng adtl coimnmission bunsinesS. ltites of
stora)ge from and after this date will be
as follows :
alltuo " - ( Centsl - Per fBalt.
Freight - - 1i Cents - Per Barrel
No extra chlaiges for marking and weigh.
inr.
I will keep on halnd a complete as
sortintcllt of
MERC HANDI8,
\Which will he sold low for c sh or coun
try proitdltCe.
ESTI3MATE CITY EXPENSES.
HB, it ordained by Ih l Maor and City
(Council of Nalh iitoches, That the fol
lowing estima;te of expelnses of the City
of Natchito.hes. for th11 i:real year 1578,
siilubtittedl Iby tie Treasurelr, of the City
foi said year, be ptulthished ftor tIle tlue
and in the mianner required hy law, to*
wit :
S:alarv ,f Mlayor $250 00
¢ahlr: of Si"ct,,.rt lary &- Treasurer 200 I00
S;alary oI ity Marshal 400 00
IBridge and Seet Fan.a"d 1];0U) 000
SIIstainIItII of lPaupery 300 00
(Coititngent l-nu 1300 00
$2450 00
1---------------------------~--------~----
GraInd Ecore
WAREHOUSE,
WM. FRENCIH, Proprietor.
IjAVINI pIurchashed the husiness of
I Chambers & Barbee at this ptoint,
anid secilted tlheir services, I i h prepar
ed to store and foil ward promptly, all
freights adl otton consigned to ily caret
Rates of storage in futuie will be as
follows:
Fifteen Cents; per barrel for ifreights.
'T'hirty-live Cealts per hale for Cottons
WM. FRENCH.
March 24-tf.
$i5 00 REWARD.
I 1LL PAY TIE ABIOVE REWARDit
ftr the aIlrelhension andt conviction
of the persoll whr, shlot andl killed may
hlorse, or I will pay tihe same reward for
to ftr'unatioln that will lead to his discov
try aund conviction.
dric.29-1m L. CASPARI.
WOOD.
OAK and ASHI wood in any size de
li vrcd at lprices to suit the times. All
orders left at M. HI. Carver's or Mrs. 31;
A. Burke's ltrompilitly attes-ided to.
J. P. JOIINSON.
De. 8-lin.
1'1ROMI HERI ASHES.
Thet Phu-nix has put On new life and noV
cattr's tor public favors.
J WVarrea S&ddath
has taketn clh;rge and DAN now dispehsei
thet choicest
BRANDIE$
L Clbu1g8,
RICH ST. LOUIS BEER ON DRAFT.
I)on't fittget, ye thirsty, the Pu:l;NI
oil St. Iemis Street.
Feb. 2.1yl
COOHI1 POULTiY YARD,
BORDEJlt"I STREBT,
Between Pitt and Prytania. New Orleans;
S DLUNLOP BAKER, Proprietor.
HIGH CLASS POULTRY.
SEggsfor Hatching $3per Dozen,
Shipped to any address on receipt of
Cash.
I -
Bt uffand latridge Cochin a Spe
, iility.
De. 8-3zn,
NO TICE.
LL D)cbtnont-t tnaxpayers are noitifled
that ill c.it. of. the ahlsence of the
S y Collettor, n;i ailtliorized LDeplty
l ie, in iis otfice dulring offiHe houlrs te.
ri-ceipt for taxes and licenses due the
City.
LEON (HI'ENI -\IX,
e 1)i. 't 1877. City Collector;
J. J, McCOOK & Bro.,
Have h1i Celebratedi Chufia seed for
sale, and they pay the
HIGHIEST csr CA PIOIhIFU
for C('ottn anid lillsc, anti have a full
assortimellt of goods at the lowe.st 'ash
paices. Nov 24--2,nos
Notice of i)issolutlon.
TIlE law paIrtnership her'toftore exist
ing betwetcn tthe I ltrd'signed is this
tday dissolveild hv mut;ual etlntuilnt. The
oldl husiniss will be attendedtl to by ceither
- of the lare firm.
- P. A. MORSE.
C. F. DI)RANGUET.
Mntchitoech(s, La.. Jan. 2, 1878.
er, Leopolcd Ciartel
Corner FRONT and IHORN Streets,
Marchl23-1y Lunch free eilrV rdar