Iaptrofthe Parish any! fiit vf atrlbitorIhes
-AS. -.
K:'tIi- S - ---.c.-'º _77
at
The poker arl nit fulne..s of the eit
country press of this State. ard ofl
the w'hole l'niin for that matter, has
incr'eased rapidly within the ladt de
cade. llhith( rto city journals controll- C
ed public opinioni, he nuse a fiw mien i
in the country pat Ii'hs took anid read n
tlhem, and thcse few men controlled
co indite editor ials; t; l f cak thuir
minrs, but followecd e o kly, ' nith co
scissors anid ilsteotl , the line mnark- Il
ii ut;i'hy th l ir etr ilrpoli i tn odls. th
('onfining itself to purely heal ite ms,
filling farmer Joines' pig and mother
Jones' Iutltermilk ; prai.inl the virti t
of .ltme loIcal la,nten or We\V lbster,
Fflme stttesinani who, yet innoceint
of his country's honors and his coun
trymren's "flhsh lits,", aspired to the P
post of leader in his pco it drift is
ed along, without infllencc or circa- e
lalion, from a hat d begin ning, through
a vat ied life, to a nmiserable end. Id
,Ow this is all changed. The coun
try jl)nr:nal dares speak, antid Slpea
with ardor and intellizge c : its mind
on the topics of the day. The people
have begun to realize that city pa
pers represent in most instances
some body of men who, cloaked be- tr
neat i the party toga, seek to enter .
the citadel but to pillage, and recog- I"
nizing Ihis they have tlhcked to the
support and perus;] of their home pa
pers, published by men they know and
appreciate, and the few "oldest and
best" wh Io hithe: to represented "pub
lic sentiment" ate lcef alone in their
glory, alas ! departed ; while the city
paper if read at all is read simply to It
find out ihow much cotton is worth or
how they stand the last kick the tI
hitlhetto weak but now powerfuli
country weekly, planted fn the r:bts of
the now fallen giant.
These are are all facts as every think
ing man will realize, and as such how
much more responsible onur position 1
has become ! Wielding so vast nn
influence for good or evil it behoove bI
the eantry press to leave off, in
everything; in tone, ability and typo- I
graphical appearance, the past ill-re
quited, ill-looking garb, and assume
something of the style of its former
eity contemporary. We mist make
oar country papers useful in reflecting
local opinion and, to render them
wortlhy of support, we must make
them indispensable to every man and
woman residing in the section wht ere
they may be published. Our exchange
list shows the following journals well I
up in line and an honor, not only to
the parishes which support them, but
to journalism Jo thte Ata ; Clarion,
Morehouse parish ; O'serrcr and Tel
egrapht, Ouachita; Guardianr, Clai
borne ; RIeorter and Democrantl, De
Soto ; Bmhletin, Avoyelles; lBeacon,
Richland ; Chief Assumption; Courier,
St. Landry and Democrat, Rapides.
There are others whlich we do not
how remember, and lthen, alas ! there
are many of the "old sort," whose fail
ings we will cover with the chatity
of silence.
City Subscribers,
Ouaerrier will present the bills
next week to all our city subscribers
who are due for subscriptions to the
VINDCA'ToR. Our city list is now
considerably in excess of one hundred
end wee hope to double it at once.
We say, without the fear of being
called egotistical, that nour citizens
have a newspaper in the VINDICAToR
second to none in the State, and tlhe
host paper ever published in this par
ish. To keep it up to that standard,
where it will reflect, and does reflect,
credit on this sectio antd people, we
nust have the support of our goodl
people. Our circulation is now in ex
cess of one thomusand and wre are de
termined to double it during the
comnlug year. As a commencement
we hope the town ft iends of the VIN
IIcAtro will sil subscribe to our car
rier's list. SubscriptIon price pet'
year $~2 5Oin advance.
We are slowly but surely drifting
around to the right channel, and our'
next efforts will be made, head on,
against the money power. Silver
and gold, we are willing to compro
mrise on; hereafler, if refused, we will
ask greenbacks in addition.
The repeal of thle resumaption act
nod the remonetizntion of silver, we
contend, will stop short, and on the
very verge ef giving prosperity to the
onuntry. We must eneourage cum
merce in order to sell our vast pro
ductions. The world wants what we
produce but a Chinese wall in the
shape of a tariff keeps out the arti
cles they would exchange with us for
our articles. Strike down the high
tariff and let in the flood of prosperi
Mr. Speakah! will in a few days
break in upon our ears deadlier thian
the breath of the Upas, because it is
dragging over $1500 per diy out of
the pockets of an impoverished peo
plc.
Thle New Year.
For the first time sinlce the fonnda
tine of the VIN'('.Vi4AT We ale en-°
enal,letld itll heat tfelt pleasure to fat
ti'It ouir people a IIAPI'Y NEW Ont
I.ookitl' lback through the vista of
tii pa'st; the "'long drawn isle"of wtar, car
devltati,, and the pestilence of i
alien rulet, have we not c;tl'e to feli
citate each other, that, .January I1st. &p
I', ldawns uptlirusas it people, at
least in a happier tratie of mitd, a
with hbighter prospects and more on
conrtauing hlope for thlie future than at ite,
anyv time for sixteen dreary, trouble- ti
Salle( ealS.
It is trio our people are disap
poilnted that nn m nolre ]Las been ac
complished for them by those chosen
ser'vants, whom they elected at thel
tho
cost of so flinch treaisure, time anlit
blood ; bit still, they are gr'atified
that this administrlation, if tint active
in thelir behalf. is passive in its exer
lions ag.iinst their interests, allowing th(
the people, without let, hindrance or lis
a;ssistanc'e to work out their own sal
vt ition. This we recogiiize as an im-n
tai
inana, and we hope, with all good iiti
zenSc, thit oiir legislanors (fliring tlhis
year will rentider us that assistatnce
col
pledged ius all along. f
With this hope, and. looking for
word to ('ven a brighter January in
1179, we wish our readers and friends,
tio
one and all, A HAPPY NEW YEAR. l
s W. I, Tunliard Esqt., Clerk of the Dis- in
trict ('nurt, kitdly furnll'lishes the Vtl )
('"Aitt1 with the following, which speaks
for itseli :
e Natchlitclis dehlegation to the State
,Jr
Ienitentilry. I lorse, lhg and cattlei
tlhin-ves. Exenult Oinis. co
sitentence of Crimiinals at the Decnllember h
Ti ' ritll (177) 17th District C'ourt kt
l'i'nry l"aan. lareeny, 138 monthtis at d(
r hard labor in the Peniitentiary. 1
Y Charles Mfuirie, lirceny, 2 years at Ci
o hard ilaor in the Pencitentiiary.
Ir Lawson Ih.nilns. Assault with intent n
e to rape, 2 years at harld labor in the se
Penitenti iary. t
Phillip Johlinson, LaTrceny, 1 year at ti
hard labor in the Penitenitiary. it
l)ave llarvey, Larceny, 1 year at hard a'
labor in the Petnitenttiary. R
n lhenry Taylor, Larceny, 1 year at hard
n lahur in the Penitenitiary. of
r Richard Valsin. Larceny, 2 years at t.
hard labor in tlie Penitcntiary. 1)
n Will. Williams, Larceny, 2 years at 1
. Iarl labor ill the Pen it'ntiary t .
. D'empsIy Apply, Larceny, 2 years at tl
e hard labor in the Penitenti:ary.
Win. Williams. shootilg at person with h
dangerous weapon, 2 years at hard labor al
in the Penitentiaryv.
g Aaronl Collins, Larceny, 3 months in "
nf Parish Jai!. I
e Jordl;an MenItloe, Larceny, 1 year at
hard labor in the Penitentiary.
re Cato Johlltsont, Severing crop fromn soil
:e of another, 2 years at hard labor in the
II PI'cnitentiary. o
to Antoine Fortuina, Horse stealing, 3 "
ytt ecars at Ihard la,,r in the PenitenitaryS
Thomnas Jctlcrson, Horse stealing -!
i, ti
'years at hard labor in the Penitentiary. t
Tholtlas Jeffersolt, Horsoe stealing, 4
i years miore at Ihard lalbor in the Peniten- f
c- tiary. 1
n, Clark McCoy, Larceny, 1 years at 5
, hard labor in the Penitentiary. I
S Nick Simmons, Larceny, 1 year at hardl
mt labor in tlit Penitentiary. f
Anderson Hicks, Larceny, 2 years at
re hard labhor in the Penitentiary.
MorganI Jackson, Larceny, 1 year at
t' Ithard labor in tlhe Penitentiary. t
MISOR OI'FI:NCEIS.
Hlenry Roan, Malicionsly killing Mule
$25 fine and 10 days in Parish Jail.
ls Win. BMcLanghlin, Assault, $1 fine
and lnay costs (it suit.
Larkiin Hlester, Assault with dangerous
weanpon, 3 nmonths in Parish Jail, and pay
"" costs.
ed W. J. Collier, Carrying cinccaled
ce. weapon, $25 tine andIl costs, or 25 days
ng in jail.
n Ben. Adams, Carrying concealed weap
on, 1( days iu Jail andtl costs, and in de
fault, 40 days in jail.
W. J. Collier, Carrying concealed
wr- eapon, $20 fine and costs, or 1i' days in
'l, jail.
ct, Virgil Brown, Assault and Battery, li
we day in jail, or 15 days, in default of pay
toii i g costs.
te- Red Rivert' has tihe honor of publish
thie ng more tihan one first-class country
ent paper. The R?eporter of Mansfield
IN. and the .Bulletin of Marksville are
or. both cominig up to the front rank
per with rapid strides. It gives us an
mensured pleasure to say this, be
cause we have equa:ll pride with Potts
ing andl Lafiarge in seeing our section
our supplied with such journals.
on, -
ver "All the talent in the State" (so
ro- the anti-Constitutional-Convention
vill journals say,) will assemble, on the
Ist Tuesday after the 1st Monday in
next monoth, in New Orleans and pro.
act ceed to-to-to charter five companies,
w change men's namues d-a-and-and
the adjourn.
the
Christtlas,
a IInscome and gone. As usual, turk
e eys were eaten, egg-nog drunk, (and
the several others) cake eaten, stockings
rti- emptiedt and joy generally displayed.
for 1ie'ond the usual fire works and the
iih glad shouts ot the small boys, it was
eai- dull, quiet day with us. To our
readers, although 'tis past and gone
this Christmas of the year of our
O3, Lord, 1877, we wish it a merry and
han happy one, with many many returns.
it is
t of Are we to have a Constitutional
,ee Convention or not 9 This question
is on the lips ofcvery one.
To Our Adver:-inll Patro11s.
We ate fully satisfied the ,Iin,
('c.TOt presents a tichl for advertisers
faI sqperior to mrost country pap~ers.
Our circulation and number of read- 1be
crs is lari'er than that qf ((y! coautr/
pjlper in the' S1ate. Every nook andl
corner of cur patish is visited by the No
\' NrsI)'.vrIt weekly, besides, the hIi
pat ishes of \'et non, Sabine, Winn, Ti
&c. Those mrctchants who have the
i)a 1 onized us in the past year do not lo
re .pet their ventutre, and will Co tin-. \'
ue, onlly oI a larger scale, to let the
'woril know their whereabolls ts i
thrlogh our columns. There are a
large number of merchants and till
siness men here who have not pat- ('I
ionized us as they shoult have done,
and we confidently hope they will do 'j,
the(ir share during the coming year thh
to sustain our enterprise, an enter
prise known all over the State, and in I
one retlecting credit, not only upon I'll
the Editor and. Publisher, but upon col
tile city and parish whlere it is pub- e
lished. C1
A good newspaper is a necessity, thO
and our people have one which they t
should do all in their power to sts- +lit'
tain. Our canvasser will visit the 'l
merchants and advertisers generally *n
Sof ou1r city during the week, and we thi
comfidently look for a large increase Co
of business over that of the year just tit;
closing. Let tlhose abroad see that hy
our home advertisere appreciate their tio
first-class paper, and it will in return as
do all it can for them as it has done 1I((
in tile past. wi
LIeoney " Ca'lled", t
[Shreverlu't Tinwes.]py
TI"here seents to hIe no douht that (r)
Judge Loney was put in the field by ill
a secret caucus of the Radical central th
comnmittee. TIhe call" was an after- Ill)
r thoullght. And even it' it was not we "I
know to our cost what the "indepen- tco
it lt"'1t'. dlodt e netllans. It is ornly a s
Radical todge to gull unwary l)emo- Fi
lt ts and C'onservatives. Tile very th
character of tile nominee piroves this 11l
assertion. I'hlo getters up of tile TL
It movement did not nominate a con- pr
1I servative for the oflice. They nomi
nated one wlho has been a leader of "f
t the Radical party almost ever since
it had tile power of bestowing patron- 11
rd age. tl
Judge Looney is, therefore, the a,
Radical nominee, and it is not co
worthy of tlho*upport of any member Il,
of the Democratic-Conservative par- I
it ty. He must be met by a regular i
l)emocratic-Conservati'e nominee.
at The central committee meets on Mon- ti
day. There is no time for a conven
tion in tilhe ten days just preceding
tile election, nor would a mass meet- 1h
ing be the proper mode of nomination, ni
tit because the country people are ln- 1
or able to attend. Let the committeeC a'
"'take the bull by the horns"' and1 T
n make a nomination. The mIembers
have the confidence of tile panty and
their action will he endorsed. t
at le
A Mum Sociable, Sure. n
3il (Maild eporter.)
ie The Legislat u re of Louislana meets
on the first Monday in Jnanary, an1I( i
3 will again have an oplportutity to ,
S ishow their constituency just how ti
much llrefromn they want. If enongh Ii
to call a Constitutional Convention, I
S1 they will soon be able to return to I
4 their families, with smrnall p)erqullisitres
n- Ifor per dtiems, if not, tlhey can have c
30 day1s to tinker on tile ol thiol and
at several extra sessions, and get a small ,
patch or two on after three or four d
montlhs. Just now, politicilans of all ,
classes and parties are extremely featr- t
ful of doiing or saying something that h
at will .or 11ay' injlure their respective b
parties. People like thle greenbackr
at move, but the leaders tell them, bet
ter let it alone, there is a trick in it.
Yes, there is a trick in it to make
le tiimes better for all thle Ipeoiple, and c
worse for the politician and bond- c
iholdler. \Vhether or not the trick b
n will win is a matter for the future r
only to determine.
y WThat they Say of Us. I
Through tihe kindminess of a fair t
ed friend we are inll receipt ofa late num- I
ber of that spicey I)temocr;iatic joIr- I
nal tile X tclhioches (La,) itndicator.
Can't you 1honor us with an exchange, ,
B1'- lrotlher Cosgrlove-[Edward's (Miss.)
1e- Citizen.
Thle Natchitoches Vindlicator we
l are gratified to note, undeir Mr. Jns.
in I. Cosgrove'sable antid vigorous ad
ministtation has assumed the front
, rank in the State. In Iall its depart
ments, it is up to the best stiandard.
In poilitical discussions, it is, what is
so rare, a plerfectly ilcndependent anil
frank spoken journal.--[N. O. Sunday
si- Delta.
try I
eld Bennet, the Louisiana eartoonist,
are has been employed Lby tile Sunday
nk Delta (N. O.) and is giving us some
on- of his spicey.hits in the way of poli
be- tical cartoons in that well regulated,
tts newsey paper.
0n The Marksville Iulletia ihas en
larged and has improved vastly with
in the past month. It is now a couon
(so try paper after our own heart and we
ion wish it success.
To Work.
S[Jefferson Sentinel.]
r The time for the meeting of our
es, State Legislature is fast approaching,
and and it is to be hoped that the mem
bers willi not be dilly-dallying about
matters that don't concern theim. Let
them go to work with a will when tlhe
time arrive, for the benefit an interest
irk- of their constituents.
ings His Rights, Yon Know.
[ed. Batton Rouge Advocate.]
We are iuformed the mail route
agent heretofore on the Lee who has
was been in the service during tilhe past
our eight years has been removed and an
one ignorant negro has been put in his
our place. The very first trip this agent
made he failed to put off the paper
and mail (Wednesday morning) at this
ns. place. If the mail contractor or who
ever else has charge of this matter on
anal this route can't do better than that it
otay be necessary for the people of
this section to send a complaint to
Washington that will be heard.
News from Our Friends.
EIN(ON.
P.\IlSol ori' VEI: oN,
i)cciuber 14;, 1177.
Dear l'i,dicalor : W
J'lt'h tax icollector in tlthe falithfll dis.
elar~ge' ,of his du ies has Illien ig1 ag'd in
,,llini the lhind of' deli ittnt'It t.axp1layrs.
N ) dtoinht soIcl ullill formIeHltd Ill phle hdun a le
ltiu| fbr % hat stems t' bo :a liir.'h ir.. - wit
ne, hut they are wrorlin iin dinig' t.
T'here is no option left to the collector,
the law points out his duties, andas a
swor" iIlle( s I an homill st I t t),' . 1he is
Itioul to tIlt',. The[ lint hii't u it List of I
allses til lthe' lo iltnyl ent of taxes iin lIr
this ,tate. tii l blil t ar' \w ithin thle reach thi
of the vott'ts of the i tate fitr :t r t:uedy, t
Sine .ofti thein Molre dirttly thatn he oither.
hiIwivter. h first. ani most 1'rcliu tim li
cnse r n n ' is, the exho'bi- sli
fI t i ' w)\VIi.V t ilil, t lii' tll itt tl ' itt r itt h
ant :Lt id lnprtcellelliitld tite of t :lxt titt (t
iii osed th e lh Statel. oin hIt'r t, t izens. p t llt
There in t l t :mother iState i tn ' it :'nion
that exact.s '1. nlills on the dollar. This h
et lollltio s tOax is 1 l e titinatIl child of al l
lt dia tlit 'n, ai d l ut s its r. :tii nll germi t iit
in the. Vast muI li lictl i' n of high-sala- not
ritd oflilers, matny of ithelm fiaishteld on
No lthe people by the preselnt I{adial Ste
Cliionstilltution. Ni ow, this ctlse coilnies di
rec'li oitlhin the lleach fit' he 'llvot ers of is
the Mit lbly hlens of s oit lsit ltionlali
'(iovil iioi , t hich h Satio l li e ( o i'l'rdl ,,d Iby
th illtl' Legislature( aliiog the first of its
l tlis on ase'llin. Anllldlll if te presentll
Legisolatlure' ails to Lo to'der Convention,ll
sha' vii the voters of thl State should ell
TV ir' careful in tiilhe selectlioln of the miel
'to com'lnpose thie niext eI'ilstllule, i il Mr
ilonly vote ter such men as will pledge I
e thel,' oliv' to vote t1' a CIl .i stitutinal seeu
coii t vte iti. A lit I m 'ole ex ttlliltons plan, le,
tlt si've, w11o lhe for th' if l 'ple of the ak
t itate 1t:lo exercise their sovereign rights tin
t hv oinnllti lloglether ill the ditrill t pre- fl l
t inlets t" the State, l iani holt lr the cl1c- ]
tiollt tIr ele gates to ia Convention. Stn Rh
I iii ilt itl ll.tlil iirv itilli' I to(
Iii stfil wotlttr he Reto olltionary, ilti I do of
l' not think will be 'nec lle , illt it woil t alihl
he r i " h e tl lllct gu liceo i' t a itonvl ention I
Tlit M iiurt. oil
The olier i calt e for c illinnpll meti llt of is
taxes l i s, it ! li reat searcity of i nlii iey, h
produced iyi tlhe ruihots elntraction ch
policy of thei Natrional l Govlern lilitent, int
it orderlhlt 1 lri to i'he cir~c llati n llown with
tin the reachi of specie 'res2iilrio, alind i
Il this sa ie spei 111 resul lptilln is notllhl i
l mre nor iliss llIlthn wi'el'l tdevised scelim
t, of the Tom'yed poler to get complete
controiil if othe i velrltt , ililand th'opl the
tfll lciels, i.s o llL of the first nails driven in d
ll the coin of ourli Liberlcts, by il' it ii h ttI-t
s- tice iofs ild asis or specie resutint iol-.
tIt ialr. N" Gold olhl.i oh' tal, andlilt'l( ol
The lr of estiion Miy he skced, ihow has the0'
- preparation ltr splcIe il i on titi altd lict is
t the eabi tlity of thi lle, p le i t' the tate lto
of Llltuisian.l or the par.li' ish of Veronly tllo
ipay their tlax'es I think thie eflftiti cti
uke t hisme f ilelf aslt llu posted knowit t
that sintce the passagClllt of the Act klnown l
i'e as thei ti' Reslllption iActl there has been all i
ck bost ton tailbn vraction of the cironlating ly
ortiedihl, that millions of tlreelbck tol -
mi us hnt'e eenI called in landl rned ly
tirhe Tr'easur'y l)eprtiiio nt,' and lo lnds is- -
Ssuod ill tn heir sted. These mtiods hiave
o ir sluppliecd the deficit in thie circula- t
tiho. becallst' they are too large and uil nI
or wield in their stiamoll unts, an t as hey are
,hilt terest tellarin, and m are not taixa- n
t- b, they irlie pr thitallte as alln invs it,hi
) tand ilt'f th tilwere nott by t their Stte inca
ict 1ia ',otrtit r c irculationi, ltheir alin a tLo
e nii ill nvestment would keep themil hardtti d.
tdThis contraction hais gone on iuntil there
is Outp little mone t y in ciren potir. Al
rt the purchasie net pr r of that a!on sll
Aolle hnIls , d so inclas ot l r ttat the prices of
tfar t podelcts hav of te en redced to so
iwst, Tue Methaodit Crr an searcel.
rieliznce of liegh roie thodiRt Esli pro-l
ols- Churell iSout, hel recentlhey cat O
iot aie. It is a nural squnc tha7:
in Morlilnportio. i....... t ..ha I A. I)av is
tli n ir'l'........... ....Is d . M. Johnsonwr
Sof cotl was worth oision...t 7... d.olln Pips
ne n Wlsfilul t.....her......e pay that amOBUt ofn
Pleaot ii ort illo........ 2 ollar,. Cu it
J.wod reirh tFrnll ales II pay deh'nb o
75W i dohllars. Anud allthollgh a ihhu hin
Ntdid t or 8 chears cigo, it will 'ot pay theA Monro
rtwice is inich I..or to ...duce 1)h Sat don
tlar. 'oint......... dollar of tax nd the pdol-d
e-lar of dt nossier....... J d s. W. Medl ork
lout North Bossheir rltion ............nrodci isart.
tve er lh sam e at d the Independents o
th val [Terribn of urcr is exacss]ly te
il i. The sehreikace betieen a dicl of
an proI)ertcr h kept ve pace with then
of the intracentions of circulation, hod h iln-l,
has thie face, persist in allying o ther ofmsloey,
past bith tihe tiefxablous elements wosof prery,
lan real as igh Is itl coplete ruiton wasof our
kis State and tof redrtyiin out pof the leic
gthe itiromcngte possessors of its soil to hade
npber rooi fortasd ie negropor and tioe carpet-he
r on nproduct ith us isg inst us; ationd those
we iintere std ill be able tdo lly our goxern
e ofthselve s or t ihis Int cau se is itheyin
I the rachaaot cothe yotrs f the treated
xint noorion to e ii ce ofLon
in consequence.
VEGETINE
WILL CURE RHEUMATISM.
MIr. Allbert ('roikr, ti, well-k]nown
druggist and apotetti,:iry, of Spriugvalt,
Mde., alwa~s a:lvd\i.es every o' trubled (it
with lhienall:ism to try VE'ET(; INIE.
RIead Ilis Statement
SHi:N V.1I.E:, MiE., Oct. 12, 1=76.
Mr. 11. R. Stevens :
Dean Sir -F'ittcen years ago last fall
I was taken sick with rhearnlu ii.n, was' 1
uIhhl, io move until the next April. d.
I'iroL that 11111' llltil thre'e .years Iago l
thi.i fall I snlll redl ev'ryvthiug with isf
i'iheii;tisli. Siitnll iies lhiert wouldt hIe ,
weeks at a time that I cvotll not step one i
step; these attacks wi re luit ofl'tetlt. I
snath t 'd everything that a uan could.
Over three years ago last spring I COIII
IIt(nced taI';li] g ?ill"Vct(il an 1 tf]ow .d it
up it) 1) I hadi taken seven hottlht: have Th
had nIo rheiitatism sinie' that tine. l I at
alwvays advise ievery one that is trouthled
\\iill rhlntatistn to try \ ,egotiue, 'nd
not suflf'r tfe. years as I have dne. 'T'his
statemen'IIiit is gratuiitoli' u s 'far as Mir.
Stevens is concllerini . Yours. ete.
ALBERT ('R((  EIR,
I'ii'ii of A. Crooke'r & Co., )riuggists ha'
and Apothec;ries. tlit
Vegetine
HAS ENTIRELY CURED ME.
Ii hil.l, Oct., 1'70t
Mr. II. R. Stevens-:
Dear Sir, - My d:ighier. after having a 111
severe attack of W\hoopinig ('ohhgh, was I
lft1 iin a tichle st:iate of hiedth. eing oni
iadvised by a fritid silh, 1llici the Ycege-c
tinlle, and iafter usinig a few hbottles \was
fu r lly r 'stored llto h :lt h.
I ]have beli ai a lgr t; sn fiir frolll
of the 'egtine lur ,th bis mlicseilint, and
amii happy to say it ha.i entirely .iredl tie.
I have rI ecill cmnded oflhe Vegtinfe cto
o thers w1iith the an bllood resultio It
is a great cleanser and purinier of the
bloodiii; it is pleasaiti to take and I calli
tcheeriii fuly reconiled it. l
JAMES 1Ogi . E, relie lthens street.ll a
REull iATISl IS A DISEASE OF THE
BLOOD.
rThe liooid In this disease is finLsn to
contain an excess of .ibri. e'getie
Str by convertingll the ' iblod frolm its
Sdiseased coedition to a healthy cir cila
tionl. 50gCtilie rgulate s lhe bItoweuls
which is very imiportant. One botth' of
'Vegine will give relief, o t to hllciat n
Speinaicnt cure it must ht taken; regu
larly, and may take several bottles. es
Specially in casels of long ustanding. Veg'e
tine is sold by all druggists. Try it. and
your \s erdict will ie the smure s that of
s thouIands before yois wh\id sayl, I isiverte
tiund so much relief ans fronr ihe use of
tVe, gtiune" wricth is composerd exclusive
ly of Brks Roots and s, cc hih Herbs.
"t V ege tine a Boton physi
"h.s no equal as . blood Sturlir. Hear
ing of its many wonderfuil enres, after
_ all other remedies hald failed, I v'isited
, the laberatory and convinced myself of
. its genuiie merit.l t it pfreared fromt
hairks, roots and herbs, eaich of which is
highly e'ffective, and they re compound it
Sed in suc'h a manner asll to pll roduce as
touishiug results."
Mr. I. I IR. Steve s . PC:-
it 1'Gir,-I have eeu trouthled with
line. I nii no\ gettini aloig lirst-ruih,
d ti the Vgi. I
It vrhf. s ruy,
MRS. LIZZE EU. TACKAITD,
P1- REI'AIEDI Bti
R. IH. SITEVENS, BOSTON, !ASS.
e Vegetine is Sold by All Druggists.
f
SFOSR RENT.
11- -
NI IIIUNDI)RED AND FORTY acres 1
y, Jl'open land, situateld otlltcd river,
is three mlih's below (ranild Eicor'e. All ln
o( der fince with a riesidlence lanl d three good
re cabiis. Tenns easy.v
as Apply i UG. . lSOMPAYRAC.
if ])c li lt
k fr~cainus thrmn h his .1~ollt
ill Thai lie l:has supplied him with the fin
bi est lssortllnlit of
OYS ?
O YS!!
is EVIER OFFERED TO UIS SUBJECTS.
The old and young have not beeen for
n11 gotten and MR. RUSCA has lersonally
in selected thlis
S lWan2meolh .Wssorlrenlt
o -OF
SCHRISTMAS & NEW YEAR
SPRESENTS
with his usual care.
Call early before the rush aud seclre
sCel]ectionsI, at the
iis DEPOT OF TOYS,
inlo r e Iirt Brhilgd on Jeff'sn Street
DJ./( L. O. SCJRUORO IGII,
et ATTORNEY IN FACT.
W ILL practice in the District and
j V 'Parish Courts of NatchitochesR,
ose Winn, Sabine alnd Grant.
All business intnrusted to his care will
ern receive prompt atteltion.
Iey Otlc with W. II. Jack Esq., Second
tcdl Street, 'Coruer Trudeaux, Natchitoches,
La. Dec. *lvy.
I( ' I ('E.
LL IDeliUlt'n1t t,('wInpay r s are notl 1e,10 1'1
that il cas'e of the al.brnc l'of Itie
Y (Colhlector, an uanthorize l etrllty
i heI in his ollijei duh iii( atticn h nril II
iplt fi r taxi s amnl licInscs duic l hi I
(' Ciltv.
( LEO)N (;UENE.\I'X.
l . , 1,77 (il () R 'r ltl.
I WIL P.AY TiHEll AI1OVE I:EWARI)
fI r tIhe : r1e191n1ulsiion i1and co(nvittin of
oft he Itson wvhI) shot and lkillhd tny
ihor..u, or I will pay tihe s:n e nreward fllo is
infortiatiorn that \VIl lIlad to his dlisc .V-- i el
VI ' 11ll ( ' convic tioln ii.
tec , 1,-lm (1 .. CASI'A I.
1'1)M ll;1 .\I II,1S-.
The Plhwnix has put on new life anl now1
(1t1r1s tl puilulic favors.
coi
lhas taken charge and r f).\N now displcuses l
the choicest
BRANDIE IS,
LIQUO)RS.
('1C IRS,
& n. S
JRI1l ST. LOUS BEER ON IAFT.U
D)on't forget. ye thirsty, tili PiIWNI IXl
cn St. Denis Street. s
Feb. 21-1y a
C- - OCIE- fRI
petition.
ti
Fall Season. ,
11
-00
J. A. DUCOURNAU,
Corny FliO\'1' ANr CIIUECII Streets,
ch, itFRENCH, LProprietor.a.
J leS'Tl' r lcei led a tli l(e hot of
,,(l t) st,)r( and t;rr d 1rltly, all
JEANS,
DRESS GOODS,
I'ah's of storage i\ future will bc as
PNTS OOD.
FLAN ELS, tos. l
. . OtSO.
ESIAWLS, TIO
0
LISI TES, .
CROCKERY WARE,
HATS AND SHOES.
A At prices to defy com- l
As my son, Getitionre L. nsley, hs
n all nd Ecorethat I shll not hre
E. ALWAREHOUSE.
J. t. FRENCH, P roprietor,
HlVIN thie Celerated Chuf sinessd for
salc, and he a e at ti oithnt,
dfor Coto stonre and forwHides, and promptly a full
Rates of storage iods ft thure wlolst e as
livered at prices to suit t.e times. All
prices. Nov - t-2mos
JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMENTS,
SUCCESSION SALE.
Succession of MJlle. Louis Monette.
y virtue of an order of the Hon. Par
islh Court of Natchitoches, there will
he sold at public auction on
Thursday January, 28th 1878,
at the late residence of the deceased, in
this parish, the ftnlowing movable prop
crty belonging to said succession to wit:
One Mule, Sixty barrels of corn, more
or less, and a lot of household and kitch
en filrniture, one old flat, one shot gun
and a lot of sundries.
e Also the following real estate to wit :
A tract of land containing thirty-seven
and a half arpents, more or less, lying on
right bank of Cane River descending,
bounded above by land of J. B.D. Metoy
or, below by Achille Rachal, in rear by
land of Toures, in front by Cane river.
Terms of Sale.
For the movables, Cash, with the ben
efit of appraisement.
SFor the real estate, (subjectto appraise
rmont) one-fourth cash, and the balance
on a credit of one and two years from
day of sale, in equal installments, and the
l credit terms bearing interest at 8 per cent
, per annum from late. The purchasers on
credit terms to give their notes with sat
11 isfactory security in solido, each note for
one half of the credit terms, and payable
d respectively, to the order of the Adminis
;, trator one and two years from day of sale
and bearing 8 per cent per annum inter
est Sfroth u tll'. SpiN rir nt rt, ,,,
Sot eIli tl .t dit t t i-, h Il. ' i 11 1 IUr ti
it rrria't
p ice ( . :.. . .111 :111 t l ' tll I1e I
w ith the (l"1: 1'r of , o, : .th11 , 1 i a t e
.llli i cie of the 111 e .. il1 'l. :, iti the
1). 11. l I'l'.I.T . ,Jg
.Anni iliardl v . (' . (: orbit. her li'(.'
Paris.h Coonrt, 1 rihli of Nah'itoch
N this cane, oil tiila. hy reasoni of the
Il.aw andi the 1vihno, Il.iue in t
of thei Plaiiitit A inij ilhli , ' "avor.
i1gainSi. tlIh lli.falnt (.(' C. Corbitr , l;
is o d orfl It . :Lll.:l(r r :tolli (ecret that t
coirunlr itt ii (11 acqu: (fla 0 '.( rains hereto,
fore exi.titrg Ib, iA n I'I itOili" anti hlr
.aidi huisiainil. be h thi . .e . hiereby
di.S1v1'-ed, s1id that sil. do h;i!w il th
fIutur, the nri;ht to idmil .li:tr alnl tno
t1r, h "rcpareabit ndl that D)fend.
ant :Ipay all cr's of 'itll
Dnite, reiadl n111l ignid it open Counrt
on this 27tli day iof l v. I I77.
(tSigti) P. A. S11MMo'NS,
.. . IParish sludge
State of La. Parih] of N:athitoelo"
(' lrk's Office.
I certify the above to he a trlie ar
correct copy of" tih' origi i;nl jdlgnt one
tilt in ly ollice.
Witrness my hab1m ati ofirial n eal this
13th day of lDeccmlber. A. 1). 1ý 7.
W. I . TINNARD.
Dee' 15-3t Clerk.
NOTICE.
SuccssioI of George Gurney, Deeased,
OY Vll'T E of' ani ordr of the 1,1
1) lJrdg of th,' it 'roitet Court of the
parish of Na tcih itlit',hes. Stat of Loutisians
land to rue dirictdtt. I will otietr for sale at
the Courthoune door, at the hour of il m l.
(Tll
Tueday, the 15th dlay of January 1877,
the fitllowing describtd property bclog.
ilg to said Sncelsollnl, to wit :
l'h'e orne rudiv'idttd half of the plants.
tion known as tohe "Gurneoy Place," and
situated oil the irighit hank of Red river
desceldingt, antl coltai ing seven hun.
dre'd anld tollie (701 ) ia':r's, stilipect to the
usafruct of the surviving widow of said.
G (rrncy.
Terms of Sale:
CASIH-with hentlit of apprNisement.
Il . V. TESSIER,
Dative Test. Exe'r of George Gurney.
Dec 51-tds.
Judgment
C. A. Mathis, wife of W. W. Jones, vs.her
huisband
Parish C'ort, Parish of Natchitoches.
No. 1691.
N thiis ease by retasoli of the law and
I the evidence heiug in favorof the
Plaintiff' Catharinie A. Mathis, wifeof
W. W.W. Jones. it is therefore ordered, ad.
jntiged and dtcreed tt at the community
of acltiets and gains heretofore existing
bet ween her aril her said husband he
dissolved, and that she resrine the ad.
ministration of her selarate property as
described in the petition with full auth.
ority to manage' and conitrol her separate
prloperty wvitlionl t the assistance of her
said husband, and that Defundant pay
the costs of the snuit. Donte and siginedin
opci Court on this 30th day of Nov. I17.
(Signied) P. A. 81SIMMos,
Parish Judge.
CLErrK's Orrce,
Parish of Na:tcliitochesf
I herheby certifyv that the above isa
true and correct copy of the original
jldgnrient oil tile in ny ofthece.
Witness y bhai d and otlieial seal this
12th dlay of Dece1r er, A. 1l.. 1 77.
V. II. TNNARD.
Dc. 15-3t. cle rk
SUC(('EIlON SALE.
Successioa of Nicholas Keefer, dec'd.
p Y virtue of ar order of the llouorable
i) Parish rCorit, arid in ornler to ef
feet a partitirihn amrotig thie heirs at law
of Nicholas Keefer, I will sell on
i ednesdar, 9th tltday of oJanuary, 17,
Sat the ltiact of last residen e of thee
iceased, ini the piarhi, all of the movable
ild irriinol pro tlerty beltrnging to
said Su'ccessiori, as described on the
Inventory.
Terms of Sale.
CASHI-sanhject to apliraisement.
SAMUEL RAINS,
Repiresenting the lieirs of the Succession.
NOTICE.
SALE OF FERRIES.
TIE puhlic are hereby notified thit I
T will oiler for sale at Public Auctioe
it tire Court House door ini the townof
Natchitoches, between 12 o'clock r, and
2 p. M., on
Saturday, 29th of Decemnber, 18771,
all tilea right, title, and jnArisdiction of
said Parish over the folowing ferriS
to-wit :
At the Month of Bayou Derbanne.
Thire Strong Ferry, on the Saline.
The lerry across the Biondicur, lt tet
a Month of Caitle River.
' The Ferries will be sold for CASH, is
I Parnish Piapler, for a ternr of 3 yeas f r
' first of Jarruary, 1878. Purchase to
tf give bond anid secrity for the ftaithful
perfornmarce of their duties.
WM. PAYNE,
President Police Jtury.
- Dec. 8-tds.
or SHERIFF'S SALE.
Theo Schunlan 's. A. & A. Tauzirn.
Parish Court. No. 1149.
Yh' vi rtue of a writ of Fi. Fa. issnll
i in tie above entitlh'd and numbert
ed suit and to me directed, I have seined
and will oflibr for sale to theo last 5D
highest bidder at the door of the CourO
house in the city and parish of JNat i*
toches, on
Saturday, 5th day of January, 1978r
the following described property to.wit:
r- The uudivided two-thirds interne
11 and( to a certain plantation situated .i
the Parisi of Natchitoches, on the
bank of Care River descending, 0P~
nite the city of Natchitoches, contatl~
i three hundred acres, more or less, togeth
t er with all tire bluildirigs ard imprlOVe
nrents thereon, |rournded above by lan
SinowI , or forrieriy loltngi to Amn s
LnLeconmte rid Arubroise Soniptpayr f"
andi below by lands hehloning to a
t . Alhroise Soripayrac tr.. and be the
same plantatin acquir'd by Alida and
Amrrbrozine Taruzia nit the Srnccession sole
o, of the llproperty and etfects of John Blalr
Surrith, made on the 10th day of Ferh.
ry, 16;;, thie uilper thihd of sa'rid
tion hbnvirg been sold by the salil.
and Amlnroziri Taiizin to Viriinini
sihr, wife of .1. ,hlhI' ilossier, hy 8at,
n sale lt('fore', George W. Keally, rr Oud
oI1 the 14th day of De'elluer'r 1874.
Terms of Sale.
CASII-with the hen'fit of app'aisenuen'
te h. II. BOULLT, J:.
nt Dec. 1- tds. Shell
Beverly Tuo'or'
General Golleelo)'.
~ All Accounts pIrluptlY cOlct