gargSIt Cirriclatiofl of .any
CouDntry Paper in the Stale.
Rates of Subscription.
One Year ......................... 2 .0o
Six Month.. ...... 1 5
xNo sab~criltion taken for 1hs tha:n ;
months.
- ' A -
pA ISIH AND) CITY N EWS.
GATHERED IN.
Reporters Rambles.
The Week's Result.
The roads are almost imlpassable.
Our city government is bankrupt.
The Conrt House is (1111 beyond coim
prehension.
Police Jury will meet on Wednesday,
January 2nd, 1878.
The Mfiyor's court is dull beyond corn,.
prehension.
In Texas, a hotel proprietor is called a
"bhash-mill boss."
If you wanted to get a long well ron'd
dig it deep, wouldn't you ,
Scripture for yoilng married people.
"Suffer little children to come unto me."
!Onr jail his seven inmates who await
trials for divers offenses.
The "American Tract Society" must be
the "army of tramps" we read of.
The weather is having a hard struggle
to clear off.
Hon. J. B. Elam, M. C. frontm :li, dis
trlct has our thanks tor full files of pub
lie documents.
Cane river will have snulicient water in
it within the next two weeks itf thet rain
continnes, to float the Bart Able.
Our young friend Johny To cker is ac
quitting himself handsomely in the capa
city of magistrate of this ward.
The darky wood sawers' are happy
now; they charge poor mortals a dollar
per cord to cut wood.
Bishop 'eray visits Clontierville this
coming Sunday, and will contirmn the
children of that vicinity on that day.
Tin canning Pogs, is a favorite winter
sport. The can rattles, the dog howls,
and so do all the "beoples."
The poolist who plantei'i ot, 28 last
:night at the Phernix, was the biggest los
ser of all the planters.
All the girls are divided on the mnoney
question. The thick ones want contrac
tion, and the thin ones expansion.
Our doctors seem very munh annoyed
at the continued good health of the' ,peo
ple; at least they are out of "patients.'
There is % likelyhood of Dan Rice and 1
his show visiting this section. Dan
'feteperance lectures" in the ring.
The cows in this town have a habit of
loafing on the side walks. The town
Marshal ought to stop it.
The colored and white schools through
out the parish are, we learn, in a flour
lahing condition.
One of the convicts at work on the 'rail
road below this, was killed by the guard
last week while endeavoring to escape.
The Bnquiring for Christmas Turkeys
has commenced, and paterfalmilas is rush
in' around amazinglyv
It is said that "man proposes." Tihe
girls, however, say hle don't propose as
auch now as he did at one time.
Rdpes,a lawyer residing hitlherto in
'fColax,is dead. He shuffled oil this mor
tal coil.
'The cord wood business is a sure one
bes. 'The price would accord witfl the
times, if the roads were better.
This Catholeic congregation should be
Whamed of themselves; they want reli
gloa and won't support the ministers.
Our market is without fish and Friday
tomes and goes on tough beef. It is not
meet it should be thus.
The price of cotton hokls np well here.
h" buyers are offering 10 to 10jo for all
tahtomee in.
Oeas of the worst things insurance men
h]anto contend against is friction; rub- 1
llg srtwo thousand dollar policy against I
'atwohandred dollar object.
Wbyls either House of Congress like a
ill Nieted with the influenza-
-smtiwes the ayes (eyes) have it and
m .the noes (nose.) •
ad overseers are to be reported to I
Smagistrates of their wards when -
(tbs~-t5f5 to do their duty. as we an
~gad one near Campte has.
We @an name a dozen young men, born
Srakaed in this parish, who have made
a:tathered this year over ten bales of n
Itto eaeh, besides a good corn crop. a
Mr. P. A. Pmrdhomme advertises some
Valuable land for sale, and those desiring h
to puiabaeh would do well to give him a
A convict t work Cn the Ohop'in Cut,
en the New Ortlesia ieRailroad, was
blown to attmuslat week by the prema
lure explosion of a blast.
~uoha at ,u saffing on the wing, u
a goodly nubmber are on sale on our
bets. F 7tl ents the pair for these
. ca m lSNxoTr with the BART AnLE
tbe up on Tuesday next, and every- b
*ght to~turn out and receive the n
Stt t Courts are dolg a very tl
Small 4elibrlnette are in w
U ate otehlng the law. fi
ted that, as the "metm don't "
-iammua' are going to offer a pre- ii
11t1 their daughters. A chromo it
SP
Jerome Messe, Esq., an old and much
, est4.emedl citizen of our parish, died at his
- resideince near this city, on Monday last,
y from hemorrage of the lungs.
The only happy man in town is the city
firry Iessee. Ilis boat comles in order, as
the raiiis have altered old Cane to a
) oliiiinlg stream.
' If you were Dr. Mary's hirshan l, vol
woiuldftil it hard to leirl .n whenii looikiing
for yoiit tIowscrs, to (listinglnish yolir'n
from her'n. "
They have a llan nit t West whose l-name
is (,anliant. Nice nalie for a churlihi hda
can. 'For instance t prll lirchr would
say, "(Gaudin yon pass the lalite.'"
The fliunnyv man suggests that a sunitable
oljiteing folr lany cho'lir's houill hbe, "Lord
4- have mercy oi us pour mniserable sing
ers."
Ou energetic t ax collector, Lane, heald
hli boys at work l the dhI.lintlient lists
all night Sunday niight anld tiled the
samli, as the law directs, on Mohinday.
Mr. Cremmner, living helow Clonterville,
hais a lire mule that gave birth to a colt
nl
last week. We iiare assured that this
wonder is none the less true.
Cotton comes in slowly, and trade is
duller than we have ever known it for
this season. Our nerchllants are well
stocked, and are offering outside prices
a for the staple ; 10 to 104 cents per pound.
il The subscriptions for the construction
of a Metholdist church in this city
animount to niear $700. Rev. Mr. Ihlongh
,, certainily dveserves credit for his zeal and
should receive every enconragemunt
it
The rcceilti of cottoiii last year at a
, corresponding to this. was one thousaiind
hales in excess of this year. Our formers
are not at all encouraged with this yealrs'
result.
The Rachal boys interviewed the Ma> -
or, Marshal Little doing the intrpducing
husiness. The Rachal's smiled, his Hlon
or looked mad-and the matter was final
n ly settled ; ten dollars and costs.
Liberia crazed negroes are on the meet
in ('addo and other parishes Our dar
keys are waiting for Blunt to play Moses
a,,d they are ready to move off with
him.
r One of the most terrilic rain-falls of the
season fiell here on Weilnesday -evening
s ,l-d diluring the night. Our streets were
e tlooded to the deptlh of several inches and
the sidewalks were inipasibhle.
r Court commnienced in Coushltta on
, Monday last ; Jnlge D. Pierson presidhing.
C'ols. Levy and Jack and 'tr. J. Ht. Cun
ninliham are in attendance from this par
ish.
The total rainfall since October 15th.,
as mneasured in the rain gauges of this
city, has been over twelve inches. We
have never had such a wet season in the
miontrh of October within the memory of
lman.
The rftTlo for ,J;untmy Moise's paintiing,
'"Natcliitoehes"' take.s pilace to-day. Those
1 holding tickets will do well to be on
Shand. Mr Moise has executed some fine
piortraits lately, several of them are on
f exhibition at the Plhenix.
The parish of Natchitohes has the
pleasure of informing the pullic that for
current expenses she dois not owe a dol
- inr, and has several hundred in cash in
the treasury to meet the expenses of the
I nlext Court.
It may be stairtlirg, but it is neverthe
less truen, that the VmNDrcnro1 fiorce,
Sthree printers, the devil and an editor, is
strictly temperate. Not a man or boy in
the office who drinks a drop of liquor in
any shape.
Onr Baker says that lhe only bakes one
half-barrel of flour daily. No wonder.
If lie doubles the size of the loaves which
he can do, andl then make one hundred
percent proftt, lie will hake more flounr.
C Five barrels a day at least should be the
C consniuption of this city.
A friend with a convenient wood pile
hbegs us to state, that if the family who
have thus far done their warming busi
ness at his pile, will only call on his next
Y door neighbor for fiuture supplies, hie will
Sfeel grateful, as his stock is about out.
The rains eontinue, and the crop pros
pects once so bright, are growing beanti
1 fully less daily. Not one half of the cot
ton open in the fields has been picked,
I and that which is not, issptoutingin the
bolls antd on the ground where the rains
Shave beaten it ont.
Wife-"Well, Jones, judging from your
breath I can't really tell whether you've
been drinking wvhiskey or whether you
have been swimming In it." Hnsland
(reproachfully)-"Hannah, don't you
hic-love me well enough to gimme-hic
-tJle benefit of the dnoubt.'"
Pork is selling at ten cents per pound.
The corn used to fatten it comes back to
the farmer at two dollars per bushel,
when it sells at that rate. How much
Smore money is there in pork than cotton
at that rate?
Wanted at this office, an able-bodied,
hard featured, peper-tempered, not-to-be
put-off and-backed-down, freckled'faced
young man to collect tor this paper; he
must furnish his own horse, saddle bags,
pistols, whiskey, bowie knife and shot
gun. We will furnish the accounts.
Georgia appeared in a new role on Sat
urday last; this time he wanted to
"shove" a knife in a strangerlto which he
seriously objected. Georgia took lodg
ings at Hotel de Bonllt, and has been en
gaged in "shoving" down beef and corn
bread and playing checkers with his I
nose for the past few days.
Thinking of Christmas we epeak of
tnrkeys, and while on the subject we
Swould like to know which of our lady (
friends le going to give the VINDICATOn
man his turkey this year. Ourlarge and
interesting family are on the lookout for
it, andti we hope they will not be disap
pointed.
h The town loafers are sitting very close
is to warnm stoves during t c these cold times.
t, Heavy stattesmansllip is the usual topic
of conversation-and the old mall goies
into thliet wood shed a di weeps while he
picks chips fii thel wl i oItan i to broil
:t hone for their noble h'ioy. Claps of
a thunder, that are dead shots, are in dle
in and.
( C'ottoljplic'kers are neirly witlo 'ut or
Sezpa:tion. The continued rains deter
Sthemn from work in thll fiehls, and we
hold our ipencil painfully poised to note
tlh loss of soime one's pti or chronicleh
shoiirtness ol'an entire herost. 'These
"lpibliing thi,s of peace' Clallt last all
winter.
Plailters in Coneorilia parislh are hold-
inIg a elti,s to lpl'otst :1 :gain-t thl
1wroegs itiliit'pl ilpon thimn by all ein
cerned in uiarketinrg cottohi crops. They
e(oiniplaii, .and iJustly, of thei' exee"s.ivi' in
I siralnce aniild preiss charges, anld ask the
Sco-operation of all cotton planhters in thl'
State, and ad:vise a Coniventiion at Viicks
hling Miss., to deal with this unles ioln.
A tha:p of an iniqiringl tlln of mind
writes to a uiilieal ,jourinail ask ing, "Ilow
Slong doells it tke to starve to death ?" -
SWe ian till ] him how to solve this iniies
tion every time. Let, hint start a weekly
paper in Lonisiiiana, aniid if he doesn't
stari've to dealth in two weeks we are 11no
Sprophiet to aniiybody. IHe might shorten
the spaie cosidieralill by li makilng the pa
per a daily.
The Tax C('ollector reports the follow
ingi as the total amount of parish taxes
eollecteih for the iiontlih ending Oct. 31st.
Licenses .......................$:110 00
T 'taxes 1i7t;...................... i::t 1 q -9
1,i7; ....................1. 12 3:)
" -l74 ............ ....... ° (i; 5,`
. . . "7".................... 1.. 10S .Is
Total . .......................8. :!5 11
"Reader! if you have borrowed thll
Spaper' that you are reading, don't do it
iagaini. Silhitb 'iibi'. It isn't sate to holr-
row papil'rs W'e once knew a pioor, ibut
hlioneist zlan, who b'rri'lwed a paiper. iiinno
cently andiil iinadviertantl, fro'i'm a hitller
to wholesoim leigbhbor FaUtal ant. That
terrible icontagion, tlhe sima:ill pox. was
- ,onvieytd insidiiluisly ill ii' tithres of that
sheet. Of that extensiv\e anil iiitir,,s:iii,
famlily, a dotlilu fathiier, a ftolId wife, sl'v
eral initellectiiual andii heroic onis, thirteen
loively d:uiigters, two lpolnllt' lmiiothier.
in-law, and three' hiulntifnl aunts --noiit
one rellailnedl to tell the tale."
"l''elrkii lhiai air st':ih-s of yiotrn is an
Amlbuish stalihs, ain't it ?" saidl a couitry
moan to his llroccr as lie tiook the sugar
and hamiiied over the inonei. "Allmbush I
scales, what do you lliean ?" replied tl'
nirchant; vwho's Amihnash "'' "Aimbiiush-l
why, y'kinow-reg'liar Auimtlsh-y'nnlder
staini what Amlbush lleails, don't ye ?"
"Well, I sholihl' hope so, Mr. Wolluodlilt'
Amitli.sh icar uis id-ineans somnietiu'
conceaileld-iieais - wait here's the dic
tionary I'll just 'rea to yer exact'y
what it lle'alns, so'st you lieed n't never
use it wirong after this - lucre 'tis- A-a iln
auiblit ,h-lto lio iin wait fr ''-- Yes,
that's it sqirei don t go ianyl further
to lie ini wait for two cents !"
"This is a telegraph-oflice. Thle hriit
looking youngll lan at t thle tale is a Wts
tern 'niiin opierator. Thie litthl brass
alind steel thiig ticking awiay oni thei table
is the in.~stl'ulleit. Trht operat r is very
easily distilngliished froin the instruminient.
He can not talk so fast as the instrument,
but lie can sleep a great deal niore. IIe
is going to sleep now. The man leaning
over the conster is a heartless i itizen,
who has the cheek to ask the operator to
send a dispatch for him. The operator
takes the messago. But he does not send
it. lie hasn't time. He loses nine ganes
of euchre while that citizen is wondering
wshy he doesn't get any reply to his dis
pat'h. Theu the citizen starts out to
walk to the place and see the man. lie
tinds him, and soon after they meet, the
dispatch comes aloug. lhe is affeeted to
tears. The operator tinds him, and char
ges him 41) cents for senling the message
45 cinits for the wear amid tear of the in
s1irument, 50 cents for the strain on ners'
Ons system, 6i1) cents for collecting rate on
message, 65 cents oii general principles.
He hearns afterward that the citizen yet
hias soime mIonley left, and he is going back
in the morning to horrow it of him.
The Memphis Avalanche syas that
about two years ago Gen. Forest
made a profession of religion and be
cane a member of the Cumberland
Presbyterian church. He died in
this faith, and met his death with
christian calmness.
The distinguishing features of the
new tariff bill introdu'ed by the
lion. B. H. Willis, of New York, in
the House of Representatives, are a
reduction of 25 per cent of the duties
upon all imported articles, excepting
raw materials which enter into man
ufactories; these are reduced over
100 per cent ad valorem. Duty has
been restored on Tea and Coffee.
The proper tariff law, and one which
time has shown thi wisdom of in
England, is to tax only the luxuries,
Wines, Spirits, Silks and Tobacco,
letting all other articles go upon the
free list.
The people will make a powerful
effort to force the passage of an act
of the Legislature this winter calling
a Constitutional Convention, and we
learn that prominent and patriotic
gentlemen from all parts of the State
are determined to make themselves
heard and felt on that occasion.
THE army bill, as passed the House
of Representatives, provides for 22,
000 mon.
Beverly TueIrol e,
General Collector.
OT7 Al Accounts projptly collected
e RELIGIOUS.
C.TrHOLc:-The Tablet estimates Ihe
Catholic immigration to New York ilo
ring the past thirty years, at 2,8O9),00O0.
e The whole numbnler of Religions pil
grimsn to Rome during the Pope's eplis
copal Ijubileo was 17,210. The largest
li nmllrers from ally one country was fr'l,
France, i;,;0(. Th'le United Status sent
5(00.
IEI IIi:'w :-At the last Concil of l!th
union of American feblirt'w cofigrega
r tions, held it) I'llilad'lphia, there o10s an
 arlest ont'ry |,o" the soulistics or tlhe
"lenoluihation, in order tha:it they uight
111ti;natel. ohbtainll ;a lprftlt record of
.  uritnail Isra t'ltes."
t F l''l 4'r.tl.AX :-In the E'[)iScopalian
Coi'en)tlionl at Roston on Ithe 5th().fol)t '.r,
IRev. l Ir. ])Kº ito , , 1' W isco, nsin, oth'.rl d
ithell ,tioll ig esoi ltio in h ehalf of the
Diocese of \\Wisconsiil:
"Reso .lved, That t ililotoise of Bishollps
' ol(.llringll , I Constlil il onill tl ll to issinll
1he appointeld, onsll.at ill:. of s''\ en lli.h
i o 's, s4v' 1n I 'rshyt 1 1'r, p11511 s,1 'ell l;tl
ill tih legal title of the Ih t urch."
l'i ,i.:s Tr:' :-Ti e lPreioshytely of
\'.st l.xingIon, dvcidi s to oIellN e tilt
next Ass. lhly o,n the point that "the
retail of ardent spirits, except for Ie
ilicinal and moth 'ic l uses, is a de.i
plinaile otllnce, with which our sestioN ;
1 are solemnly urged faithfully to de:l11.
The lr,.shyterian) gemnral ,\sse.mhly at
Neiw' ('Orl:mn list (lay, pass:d'tl a raIes-ln
tioll to the 'lt'et that lhauin, "cither
(,round, sllLna'te or o\val," \was a deciplilna
bhl otltnciiie.
t I.llTi.il :-The Baptllist tllate Coli\n-1
ltiln Itll iull r11a,' TexaSs,l the lirst R W'eek
ill October.
CIF'rlls1llT :-The Methodist Churches
in the Unitedl Sltates iiil'r tlhree hun
dred alnd itty thileuisal:il-of thi's of' til
her seve\'n h dred and lifly th ;iand
hlolog to the Methodist El iscolal Church
Solilth, of tlhe I. E. ('11111Chur South, il
.lluisianu , there are 1-,.l00 In inl rs,
titillrcnt llPreachells, anlld i1 l oca(l
PrI'ech ,rs, 1l Church llouse, 18 Par
inaIýie'ls, v\1lli'ld at $31il,927.
Rv\. I)Dr. Poisal, of the MI. E. Church,
Soluhd, Ihas heen clihoosl'l C'halpbill of theil
IHouie of RF' iresenti:tives in the Col.
1 gross o' tlhe I'litedl States for the pres
The fLii'rt'h qnIlrt,1rly Colifll:rence oif tlhe'
1 Methodlist ('hurch 1 oi' thir t11 ity of Natclli
tochlcs will he heh on till'e 25th and 211th
of this illumlth. A iilllh,'r of people
t froll the couilltryl are exslectd to Ie ill
Preaching at the Protestant Church
on the 'it 'lii i2lni SIutilhahs hy Rev. MrI' .
11(hlugh, of the .iMethodist Chl'lfllrh, n:111 oil
.'the nlid aild Jri' SIahilaths ll Revl. T rit ]'
t('meronl, of the llEpiscopl Clrt'cil art.
SIliltle rtadinr ali Letlrels every Ti'irs
day night Iby lei. \r. Htough.
Several gentlemen fr11lU the coullitry
havlie suhlriled libel, rally to'\ards the
erecltioln of a Me'thlodist Chrchll inl thill
t iti, this sh u il l il enon'ate oullr ol11
citiz ,'ns to mI re lit'ra l l de ltii ill s.
weather, Rev. Mr. dough did not dhliver
a Lecture list 'T'hlnlsIlay nlight, bit
p'0rents his people with the fellowing
E-sy on
Hiow to PI'pulate IHades.
is lHell is d ( lmliulit on parentstI for
'its material, lnild as so ll y parents,
ju dgilg fromlt tlhe manner inl \\hichl they
raiste tiheir chihiriin. (or rather let tlhe
children raise themselv'1 es) lare willing toi
furtlish that material, I d site to miiaike a
few suggestions Which I think will se
enrce succes. if diligh;utly ctarries ouit.
1st. Every timie your chilid cr'ies for
Ilany thing he siure to l give it to hIil. land
this w'ill greatlys encolt1 urg a im to cry
again, and the secoind time spank thc
child, andti this will ive it an uneven
teilper, and learn i early how itcot lis
taot people are.
21ni. Whllen the moiloher asksl the s to
ht ioloetlhini'. let thee flthler walioner in
htrs C.llS, avt illny tillii to iihasltie t IIt chitl
lht the father olre tate t i\\'ilt n lil biwrtek
it il. Thii \iii learl th, chiht tolie in
unilder t Ilitlti r hblllg3Si - 'both lvit 500i 11
:radt. Wheu yotir wllll gel tyeai o1f l\eli
.ir. old h'et hiieli ril l tin lartlto a tl hec
thyts, ar elll,ect thoi a owin ch illgi"rs
tlurTish lhis wii plronsl., nltl hf llcll
coyi wnill ,1lrlnt tlhe l tllo g blnie, 'tnll
while learnifi thair, lhiey ciil~r liSo Iear
how int bear, uioIId the finexth year ilIy will
incqlire the S Iie of t llllll(lllilland the inxt
,eir i tudlleS,, t ,heo irit oui liqiiors.
tle lip fir the circus and the th'eatrthe
than for church, this ill o rale in thene i
lilt ino'riniae love for pille ur niid th'en
they will be 81" se to 11se the lloly ibhtlll
which theiurlod had coillecratc for Hotll
strollhig, drinkilg, g milnig, ll-c.
5th. Do not traii yolr chihhlen to la
hluinle alronid andl oplle lye viohlae thai;$
eisslenlial piortioii of the fourth c intilol:lid
how aristocratic they will alpear sitltllg
ait the clrnierl of ie street whelre younlilg
men witihint a dollur ill tilir lpckeis
shonld nieier be leen.h Iiewanilng the coin
labor cl,(,atre our State will userl" be worth
Under this trainining your boys will soon
ping on the Sabbatlhs--and by being
LltiUned with red-holt etlhls from the
inoutha of smartitrhgs in onr streeto.
GADDIS -On Saturday night of the
13th October, 1877, in the seventeenth
year of her age, ELL.t Asny, wife of
T'homas C. Gaddis, of Sabine parish,
Louisiana.
In the death of Mrs. Ella Gaddis, again
we are reminded and have another
striking instance that the young must
die as well as the old.
"Leaves have their times to fall,
The flower to wither at the North winds
breath,
But all, thou hast all,
Seasons for thine own, oh I death."
Only one year ago Ella Ashy was the
light of her fathers house, the gay aid
frolicsome girl of her neighborhood, full
of hope and health (by nature) painted
on her cheek. Only a few short months
ago she was made the happy wife of
Thomas C. Gaddie. Well do we rememn
ber when on leaving our !.ouse, the morn
ing of the wedding night, we received
the cordial and hearty grasp of his hand,
and giving our blessing and best wirhats,
he sped his iway to his fair betrothed.
The festal board was spread. and rela
tives and friends were there to witness
the nuptial ceremonies, nul wish joy,
happiness, and prosperity to the young
couple. Ah! little thought they that so
soon death would visit the bridal cham
ber, that in so short a time they would
again look upon their fair young friend,
cold and stiff in death, clothed in the
same pure white dress and the same
bridal wreath and veil encircling her
pure white brow, but though she has
gone, and to her bereaved husband and
friends she has bid farewell, to them
we would say-remember
She is but a flower, plucked from earth,
Transplanted, to bloom in the skies.
L.
[(Collllllt licat, d]
.LNxY, S.tmnsr: P'.uisn. L., ,
Nov. 5th, 1H77.
Edifor T'iddictfor, :
I am unuder thileC necessiy of tl'oubling
youi agaiu with lhtlilhitlg in youtr Il
per a reply to lanotl.her letter frnm this
parish. in whi iih till ritot il a most
scuririlloiis i lmanner attaicks nit atimnl otlheis
I.V IIl:llnt, : li tt eot I't it't:: his ow\\l! anle'.
lh' tiglhts trom Ibhind a:l ulh, '11d \'while'
it is :to evillttne 'of t:i'iness or coiai;a.g,
oLr catudtr or clhi\vlly', it is, 1 admiti,
minIte (l ide t'e- of diOt ' l'a tioll i ll ntl v\'ll
tunring to ,lshow his tati' in conne:.timon
with such a uiedhvy of lgr'os, failseolllods,
inijustice anti m1ºaligliity. In 1i13 pire i
ouis letter, I thilk I sitliici it'ly traced
land verilhll the chai'rtit'r, ti.s wll .as ite
pnlrlses lnil mliotives of this scrihhler il
his ftlhulinatiois : g:iinst tihe T'it snutivr
anid Poli, e Jilt;" ofl this purish. He
si lls howt'ev'i', to stick to his tt';e ti i,
ailni a ,seettl fiu'lagol i olf q Ullly |tl s
had rhetoric and worse l,,ih. pitet'hs in
ito he T'treaaul.lr larlitnlairly. land thel l
i'otllitc l Joury get i'r:iiily, abouti i tilt' egis
tel tin of'claimns, jili.S ictitl of ( oit' i .
collection of Villnls, llnd parish scrip
of l--7i1 & '77, which is all fali llnroilde
lof co'tlit,, and"' blhster, fuiss ai' tii th
edrs. H; willfully ler'tls the action oflii
the Police .liry inll legar'd tol tilt clailm'
of Peteir 3lilt lil ais S jliltt i Vi.,ttr, aid the
(Ji'l'ks oif lit'gi.riattitiu, and higgles ilhtllt
e'itiint ell x ( ;xtptli 11s to ttlh ir ri,gist'rat i ,ll,
1ilild pleas to the ,jriin'dictile of tilt,
Court as the grlounld of opposition to
thosie cIjinls, tihicit he knoliiws it libe falhst
andli mtl,. Thel issli, r,,lii4,d upon by
the lPolice Jtu'y was the lh' evy and tolli'tc
tiont of a st'peciat l tax ill clir iltley to pay
tlhose debtis, w hili'h they s-it.c-ssffi ly ire
si-ted, and was tl.:st;ited byt tile hlaw i1d
theitl'uirts-. Alld now, atlbut thie rIv'te
itnes, &e. The l'.li ct Jutiry insturetyed
the t..x collector to receive i llpaYnlitilt
for back taiixts, the parishi stirip of those
tiars il which sauid tlxes wlter'ie ltie, andl
ilade no etyeptioo fotr the reeivilg iof
Ith scrip for the t;ixs iof 1,-7t. And
iniide the late act of the lgttislaturni of
the State, it was rnquii ildt that the rlee'c
iunes of leah year 1sh4inl1hl be di'votdii toI
the exiil'nes oIf tli ht year aniid ithe t. 'es
if I57t, beini g ualiifestly the 'revenues
of 1877, wouild, in polint of law, mlakel
thelo parish scrip olf 1,t77 receivable thr
the parish taxes of I :76. lit \hat ini
slight andiil hsigil icltaitr inistaklc of the
Police Jry h;ld upon the tiianes and
real ilitrislts iiof le parish. The scrip
oif 1t7t is as valid anti lhigitiniate as
hat iof 1-77, Iand besi des the aiiolt in
cirult'lation or ithat yeiar did not cover
haltle ttalxes to ihe ciolleted,, andil with
the remallllinder of the re venues of that
vyeatr could have hdefriayedl the 'expeletts
of 1177 is contemplated by law. luit
atter the scrip of 1l "17 is all takn upi to
ihiout the st11 tof t.$ i00,00i, tii Police Jn
ry is askli-i to ir;voke the order for re
et'ivi itg the scrip of 1 7C:, which wouldi
haive io l iother ett'et thiau to injure thuis,
who had, in good tiith obltained salid
scrip at anll advanc:led price, with which
Ito pay their parish taxes of l ithat year.
ndter the tordl'r anit polivc of tthe P'o
lice ,Jrv, the i'eiaindelr of tthe taxes of
1,d after tilt' colict tion of the scrip of
Ithat year, would inele,'ssarily he devoted
ito the expeises of 1,77. And now it is
ianifist that all this twaddle lSdil ,14t -
tle about theI Treasurer and his being
l'gal adviser &e., of tihe Police Jury,
altd aibout the dishonesty andt situpidity
o1 that loillirahle Police Jiurl is clap
trap antd vilarity, ant his tig tnllllio
zinig threatIs tt' lidenliig thliein up i I:toI
lic exec:'rationil, ritniiiids t' of thle fate of
tie poor Irishlimian, who, in his great
zeal to kill the eel with tlhe handhle of his
scythe, cut off' his own head. lesides,
the base falsehoods and perveri'sions of
this fictitious writer, he inilulges in
sone persoinal spleen about my religious,
as well as legal professionu, anid the source
of this, opuposition teing so fltiliiiarit to ii
ti-oru sc)itli|al moiliges, iitl ascofs, anil
whi'.k,'y guzzlers, that. I esteet it, in
ion,. lie c'olains of thi1 nuiliner :f
little olices lestow'd upi u me. I hIneo
iit'ver sigtiig (eti'., )ihii(h is iuitiversally
k Utwli, anid urtlike this wrii tr, do not
s, ik and hainkcr t'tr thit spoils of otfice.
This suri 'sii, tfint this tfinions Pro
litno Publico has hee'n ext' nsivelv iielin
titied with othices mul public itititters
g7inerally in this ptiU'islh, t his owi pri
vite ad:i ititage, and theit' great (let liment
tit' the pnlic gooti anti his cry of miio
iiyjtohy of o(ice,'s is mtst. dldtul tit hihn
ailti his fi'hitidS, as they havo forfieiteid
their cliii ms with all honest peple, atind
their ot'ceiition for holding olihce is tFr
ever gone. Awl now hialving disposed
this answer ini gretat haste for the return
mail t'vr publicttion in your next paper,
I iiliSt express 3ny regret lbr the inttru
sioi of these persontil matt''rs before ,he
Iiiblic through your p]rtpi', and trust
that the tiruin leuit 113331 unjustilitile '
mininietr in whi.h this attt'k was iiiado
u31(oil 3133' character add others, will lie a
siticient excuse and apology rir my
ctl'rsse in lhis unlpjleaSalit conftro\-t'rsy.
Respecl fully' E. F. IIREL, EY.
THE SUN.
1878. NEW YORK. 1878.
As the time approaches for the renew
al of subscriptions, TE11 SUN would re
mind its friends and wellwishers every
where, that it is again a candidate for
their con:ider;ition and sulpport. Uplon
its record for the past. ten years it relies
for a continuance of the hearty symnipl
thy and generouls co,-operaltil which
have hitherto been extended to it from
every quarter of the Union.
The Daily Sun is a four page-shes t
of 28 coluhnns, price by mail, post. paid,
55 cents a month, or $6.50 per year.
The Sunday edition of Tltn: SUN is an
eight-page sheet of 5i columnlls While
giving the lnews of the .h1i3y, it also con
tinis a large aimoint. of liter ary and miis
celhlineonis mliatter special ll prep ared for
it TIlE SIuIN I SU has IImt with
great success. Post pulid $1;20 a year.
The Weekly Sun.
'Whi doe s not know TilE WEKLY SUN i
It circulates thlr ,ghout the United States
tihe Caialdas, and tbeyoind. Ninety thou
saind failies greet its welcomne pages
weekly, and regard it in the light ofgluid ,
c+unsellor, tandl llraitIe It news, iedito
rials, agricultuiral, aid l iterary depart
metnllts make it essentially a journal for
the family and the fireside. T'rll: One
Dollar a year, post paid. This price,
q ality considered, mttakes it the cheap
est newspaper published. For clibs of
Itn, with $10 eauh, we will send all ex
tra copy firee. Address
PL'ULISHIER OF THE SUN,
New York City.
FROM HER ASHES.
'he Phoenix has put on new life and now'
caters for public favors.
J 1Vlarren Suddath
has taken charge and DAN now dispenses
the choicest
BRANDIES,
WHIIISKIES,
LIQUORS,
CIG lRS,
&c.
RICH ST. LOUIS BEER ON DRAFT.
Don't forget, ye thirsty, the PinENIX
on St. )Denis Street.
Feb. 21.-1
THE LATEST GRAND
SALL OPENING!
The Immense Stock JustlReceived
SPARI & IINBTRICH.
No complaint can be made now, for our Prices
are below the Cheapest and made
to meet hard times.
IF YOU"` W ANT
DRY GOODS,
GROCERIES,
IIARDWARE,
BOOTS, SHOES,
ihATS, CAPS,
(CLOT ITNG,
CROCKERY W ARE,
GLASSWARE & FURNITRUE
C-O TO
{GiSPI & BIETRIC ES '
Imperial Building
Where Bargains can be Secured.
Come at once, before the rush is too great.
Cotton and Country Produce
Bought at the highest Market rates.
Our prices are down below any
thing ever heard of in Natchito.
ches.
Ask for Caspari's Store,
Front Street, Natchitoches, La.
LIST OF JURORS.
List of lJurors drawn for the Decem-!
1lcr Term. 1877, of the 17th Judicial Dis
trict Court, inm nod for the Parish of
Natchitoches, `tate of Louisiana, in ac
cordauce with law.
First Week of the Court,
Beginning Monday, December 3d, 1877.
No. Names Ward.
1 Gus Lacour 10
2 1T II Burkctt 6
3 C A Pay.ne 1
4 Mathew Hlertzog 9
5 Armas Lavespierro 10
6 P E Bossier 1
7 Aiu.rustihn Fredien 9
$ M Givanovich 10
9 L, A Prldhonmmo 9
10 .Jack Hooper 4
11 W T Eversall 10
12 W H Blrhee 1
13 T L Mathis 5
14 M Hirsch 4
15 ,1 M Flanagan 2
16 Geo. R Pharis 7
17 0 1 Perot 4
1f P E Prudhomme 9
19 G W McCleudon 7
20 N Fuller 7
21 George Pickett 4
22 Jas E Prudhomnme 4
23 C lhertrand 10
24 E V Dehlieux 4
25 A 0 Chaler 9
26 .1 C Johnson 10
27 C J Harkinis 1
98 Tranq. M1toyer 9
29 J.1 P Campbell 1
30 L, Vercher 10
31 1, Perot 4
32 A F Coob 6
33 C F Airey 1 a
34 G G Sompayrac 4
33 W\ 0 Breazealo 4
31; G1 IE (haler 9
37 1) A Curry 9
:18 Filbert Cloutier 9 I
39 P Leonce Prudhomme 9
40 ,Jessee Nettles 2
41 .1J J llls 6
42 E 11 Ievassenr 4
43 .1 P Scarhorough 6
44 .1 .1 Iinmllall 4
45 11 1 Wahnsley I
46 II P llntson 1
47 W R HIumpton 5
48 R It lIiammett 3
49 .1 C Cammllnek 1
50 F L Grappo 3
Second Week of the Court.
Beginning Monday, December 10 1877
No. Name Ward.
1 Roh't. Blaekmore 1
2 James Genius 1
3 W 0 Carter 6
4 J E Tauzin 1
5 Gabrie I Prlldhommo 4
6 W M Trammell 6
7 W II Ware 1
8 Ernest Massoni 10
9 T J lowland 6
10 C H Levy I
11 W D Carter 6
12 R H .Jones 6
13 W B Butler 4
14 WV A Carter 6
15 J II lharberouso 4
16 Richard Grant 10
17 .ules J Grappo 5
18 Thos. Camsson
19 J W Tobin f
20 J Maybin 3
21 J D LPht'Iber~ 5
22 JP He' ny Hertisog 9
24 Beln Scott 9
24 D T Pharls 6
25 Jack gpra1linhg I
26 iW W Jones 5
27 H P Gallien 4
28 J F Roberts 7
29 J W Coekficld 10
30 J G Readheimer 2
Third Week of the Court.
Beginning Monday, Dec, 17th, 1877.
No. Name Ward.
1 W M Prothro 5
2 A N O'Quin 10
3 Win Robinson 9
4 Jas K Colton I
.i Fred Trichel 4
6 Alex V¥ercher 10
7 P V Prudhomnme 9
8 J C Keyser 1
9 H R McClendon 7
10 Emile l)cblieux 1
11 .1 J Allen 1
12 J P Readheimer 4
13 M S Curtis 1
14 Win Beasley 7
15 C D Derlane 10
16; L A Buard 9
17 Edward Poche 10
18 Phillip Brosset 10
19 Alexis Cloutier 9
t0 M L Bates 6
21 G E Grautham 4
22 Jas Hlerunndez In
23 H G Vowell 7
24 W Hi Areaux 1
25 A I Metoyer 9
26 Lamy th1ipin 10
27 Westley Walker 5
28 A F Grimmer 10
29 C C Corbitt 6
30 CNCarter 6
State of Lonisirun,)
Parish of Natchito hes
Clerk's Office. )
I certify the above to be a true and
correct copy of the original Venire drawn
for the I)eceme 'er Term, 1877, of the 17th
Judicial District Court, in and for the
Parish of Natchitoches, State of Louisl
aua, by the duly qualified Jury Conº
missiontles, on the h1t day of October,
A. D. 1877.
Witness my hbnd and Official Seal
at Natchitoches, La., on this,
[L.S.] 2nd day of October, A. 1). 1877.
W. 11. TUNNARD,
Clerk, District Couri.
Estimate of Expenses.
PARICnI THEASURER's OFFICE,
Natchitoches, LA., Oct. 18, 1877.
To the Hlon. President and members of
the Police Jury of the Parish of Nat
rhitncthes .
Ge;tlemen : I have the honor to sub
mit the following estimate of the amount
relnireid for the payment of the *expen.
ss for the tfiscal year beginning on the
1st day of .Janary and ending on th,.
31 da;y of December, 1878, payable in U.
S. (urrency, to serve as ai basis for the
levy of the taxes for the year 1877, viz:
Criminal expenses ,being Clerk's
SheriWs fees in criminal ca
ses and pay of witnesses and
jurorM .................... $6000.O0
Pay of Police Jurors, President,
Clerk, Coustabl, and District
Att'y pro tern........... 1600.00
Jail expenses, maintenance of
prisoners, &c............ 1000.00
Justices of the Peace and Coasta.
hbles ...... ....... ..... 600(,1,0
Election expenscs l878., ,...... 500.00
Paupers ................. 300.110
Contingent Fund ........... 1000.00
Expenses in collecting revenues 1000.00
$12,000.00
The above being one per cent on the
assessed value of taxable property in the
Parish.
Very Rospectfully,
A. E, LEMEE,