POSITIVIEILY NO CLI:OMOS!
For
The DANBTRY News.
1Vol 187..
(ut'uini44 ,voi ry vk 'FORTY COL
1IMNS 4",1 colMit' renldiug nat
tter, l1 hlntd tlon chli, ýh:i1nd- I
swoli tylte, lnl l 111
\4 hite h i al i.
rF Ii lll. N;\ is edited hyv It(ll1an1ln
ri News M'l; ; is tcontri but1 tIo '
(heorge Altl'rd Trowiisndl, tih chief of col,
Newspape51 r lt'orresoi4,Il4delts, dlii1l tilhet
excellent wrilt.rs, who will firuish fresh . o
correslo,)il4 enc f4rli th1 e Itidinig cities, 1.
:and ot( ribtile to thel editorial oll n lls. thit
The -\' h its owl,\l S(ientitic, us
Fushioln, (Chs.s :anl l'zz'le editors;' pub- wh
lish1 s the hlst origijaail 1lt4lter, the best {t
m1iscellaniy, 1a d14 tili freshest .niid hbst
inistellhait, nti the ireshest t1a4l st bul
stories. In all its depah]rtimeits it is thi
,dited w'th scriputlolns carel, and. is, iiil
conse(lp,1Qui1ie one of the est lFanly 1ii.
Jouiirilals p4hlished. iiSample opies free tiha
4send4 lbr )e'. til
'T'Il.Mt. O 1' 1IS(.lt' l )il'TIO( : ot
(One Year........ ........2.00( fr
Special rates to lPostlilasters iad clubls. an
TI
iAILEY & DONOVAN. to
Da:lillhlry, Co11i.
I1(7)per's Periodli(els. of
st
ti(
IIA fI'l1PSL MAGAZ!NE'. i
ThIere is 1)no monthly MTig:a7in4 ail in- n
ttlligent reauliiig family can hiss atlblrd to
be without1 . Many Magazines art ac'
cuinuhlt. l uarper's. is editied. Th'ro ca
is not a Mag'azine that is prinited which in
shows mnore intelligl'iet 1liln5s eXl,4andel co
tin its articles anild iechanic'ail execution. i o
There is llnot a 1h4aper Mig4iliC 14 pub
lished. There is not, confessedly, a g
miore popu1ilar Magazilne ill the w.orl
[New Englanld Ililoesdtealud.
A repository of ligr'aplihy and history,
literature scielnce and art, 4ne4u'ual; d 1by
any other Aimeriean puiblieation.--[{NCw
York Standardl.
The most popula r, and, in its scheme,
the most original of our Mag:azines.
INatioal.
HARPER'S WEEKLY,
A Journal of Civilivation.
'lThe best publication of it class in
America, and so far aheads of all other
weekly journal as not to admit of anyll
compa.rison Ibetweenl it aind any of their t)
nullmber. Its collumns contain the lieliSt hI
collections of readillg mIatter that aire
printed. * * Its illustrations :re '
llnulero(ns and beautiful, being furnished at
by the chief artists of tite country.--[Bos- I
ton Traveler. IA
Harper's Weeklyvdeserves its primney it
inl this clas o(f publieations, alike for tihe l
value of its reading matter and the ex
eellence of its illustrations. The edito- 7
rials on public affairs are lmodels of dis- ni
culssionl, weighty and tenperalte, sulpport- 1
ihfg high princilples in fin elevavted tolne
alnd 1l chasten!ed literary style.-[Exauni - tl
ner and Clhrouicle. A
IIAIRLPER'S BAZAR,
A Repositoryl of Fashion, Pleasure 1
and Istr'uction.
It is renlly the only illustrated B
chronicler 44f fIshion inll thle coluntrly. I
Its Sl4lilcnuiits alone are.worth the sub1- m
scription Irice of the papellr. W\\'iik
fully 1maintainiiiIg its position s a i liir- r
ror of fashi4ll, it also contains stories,
poems, brilliant essalys, besides general
ailnd personal gossip.- [Boston Saturdlay i
Eveliing Gazette. t
There never was~1 nny paper publishedl 1
that so delighted thile heart of woman..
Never mind if it does cost you a: new
bonnet; it will save you ten times the 1
price in the hounsehold 4economy it teach
es.-[Providence Journal.
TERMS:
For llarper's Magazine, Weckly and
Bazar.
Hlarper's Magazine, one year $4 00
Hlarper's Weekly, one year 4 00
Harper's Bazar, on year 4 00
Harper's Magazine, Harper's Weekly3
andti Harper's Bazar, for one year
$10; or any two for $7.
An extra copy of either the Magazine4
Weekly or Bazar will be supplied gratis
for every lhub of five subscribers at $4
each, in on0t remittance; or six copies
for $20, without extra copy.
The postage within the United States
is for the Mangzine, 24 cents a year; tEr
the Weekly or Bazar, 20 cents a yean,
payable yearly, semi-yearly, or quarterly,
at the office where received.
In remitting by mail, a postoffice oi
dter or draft, payable to thile order (if
Harper & Brothers, is preferable to band
notes, since, should the order of draft bb
lost it can be renewed without loss t
the sender.
Address IHARPER &. BROTHERS,
New York.
The Largest and Best and Cheapelt
Paper in the World is tlhei
NASBY'S PAPER.
(Fifty-.six Wide Columns 8 pages.)
For $1.50 per year, in Clubs!
With Books almost given away !
riS Specimen copies sent free to a y
address. Scud for a specimen and exa
ine it.
iV Nashy writes his Political Lette s
exclusively for the Blade. Address
LOCKE & JONES,
Toledo, Ohio,
Ayer's
Hair Vigor
For restoring to Gray Hair its
natural Vitality and Color.
A dressing p
which is at
once' areea
bht, hialtlhv,
tolor.,with i , t : (.! 1s ( /;l i''', 1.ý fr ,'s ,! t
you/h. T hin hair is thici -n ,'d, 1 1- thl -
ing hair t]checkl, and balultes oftetn,
though not alway,, 'ured y irts
use. A 'othing cal restor , the mai.
w here thl follicl 'e are 1 ,'1? or ; ' . , tr
othe glands atrllhie and doaa Idi,
but such as remain can bhe save.d 1y
Sthis, application, and stimulatedl into te l
activity, so that a new growth of ni
hair is prodined. Insteadli' to ling riv
the hair with a pasty sedi nntt, it I
will eeop it cleanl and vigorou:. Its
occasional use will l(rv,'nt the hair
a from turning gray or tllinwg ofl't
and consqlunently prevent lbalhlnes..
The restoration of vitality it ogiVne i
to the scalp itarrest: and imoewnts, on
othe formation f dai drfil;f which is w
often so undclealy and ""ous i'"
Free from thrng e a oleter tcils suo
stances whic.h nuon ei some rTlr'.l sa
tions dangrou , and inj.uri,,s to tIe a
hair, the Vigor can of' nlv ltniit, bvte t
not harm it. If wanted , m,,rly for
a HAIR D)hESSING(, notngi, ele 1.
ocan be found so desirable. Contain- T
ing neoither oil nior dye, it does net
soil white cambric, and yet las's
Slong on the hair, giving it a rich, t
ti glossy lustre, nd a grateful perfume. te
Prepared by Dr. J. C, Ayer & Co., t1
o' Practical and Analytical Chemists, I
L OAI I)'ELNG, MASSN.
SaSOLD BY AuLL ndRUGGISTo 4 EVERYWHERo i TI
, Ayer's Cathartic Pills,
For the relief
and cure of all
qcratlgemllents inl
the stoinach, liv. h
er, and bowels.
They are a mild
ailaperient, and an
' excellent pulrý a t
('.. tive. lIeing pure- at
ly vegetable, they tl
"ll ' ,: contain 1h 0 lller
, . curyor mineral l
Swwhatever. Much
serious sickness and suffering is prevented by
r their timely Cse; an1 every fiunily shoul,
t have thtnl oln hand lor their protection and
r'elitef, whetl required. ]Lon r experience has 1
r'o1 teema to 1le, the safi,-t, surest, and all
est i t" all the IPHI. with which the market
dl abounds. By their occasional ule, thie blood
. is plrilleil, tlie corrunpions of the svytem ex
pelh, obst'ucions ielloved, and the Whole
machinery ol'lifo resthore, to its healthy activ
: ityh. Inter,:l oram i which become logeved
S I"tI . shlgg..h .... ,.Ile." 1 ,1 by .1 .r'S Pills, 1!
and l tinnisted into action.° Thus incipient
dve,'tqlse,' iS c'hay in health, the v ydhe e
Swhich chate, wh,'n reckoned on he vastuc
seralti tui 'k ,ho enjoy it, sun lhardh" be com.
0- p uted. Their sugare o:Ith t nm kes thent
'll a,-'nt to r ake, i ndV pre1erve1 thvir virtues
unhnpiiired et.r liuy lengthl el' time, so that
irthev ar ever hreih, and IiTfelly reliable.
Although slirehin'i, they are miht mal oper
ate without dist.tr1btince I io the constitution or
diet or occupllation.h
Full irhntienl are given on the wrapper to C
eachbox, how touIIethemall IsaFamily [hyste,
and for the fIillowing comlplaiints, whi l thesoe
Fills rapidly stirs:
j iFor Dylpepda or Indi'e e(tio:a, lietLt
(illt. tileri shoul he tak" n moderah, h"l o
stimulate the stomacg, and restore its Ihelihy
tone and action.
For Elrer' Cosnplaint and it, variouls
Sv'l'mptnms, Billoutk fll Hea es i ick
luHea riache, y aundice or Giren mick
b.nean, Iillous Colic and Billous Fe
I erdi, they should be jauliciously taken fhr
e ieti case, to corret the diseatetl itioll or
remove lite obslrel t ions r hich onut e it'.
For M ti' i nlery or plarrints, whibct one
'mild dosui pi gdneialy required.
For Dyhunntit on, GI d , Gravel,
yPalpitation of the Ueart, Pa~inl in
the NMile. B:ack, mid Lotl, they shouo't
lie continulotesly taken, ans required ito .halth
the diseased action of thl i. stem. With such
c. hange those eomlal~~ints ,lisappror.
For lIro mly an, Drop.ical nswell
ilIngs, they shoulld he jtaken in h'lge tuid fit'
quent doses to produce thei efect of al drastic
puirge.
For fluppression, a large lose should he
taken, as it produces the dlesiied elleet by
sympathy.
As a ltinner PHit, take one or two Pills to
promote digestionsaM relieve the sitan h.
An oeiddsional dosei stimulates tihe stomach
1an ti bowels, restores the appetite, and invigor
ates the system., lence it is often advantai
geous where no serious derangeien, exists.
One wile feels tolerion ly well, oten finds that
a dose of these Pills n akes him fii el decid
edly better, liom their cleansi|g an1. reiol
10 (ating seoece on the digestive apparatus.
PREPARED BY
takeii, i. i. AiER & Ct., Practical ecemitts,
LOWELL, MASS., IT. 8, A.
01R $Aon BY~xa Aul. DRUast$ EVERYWHERE.
SWILLIAMS' MOWER& REAPER
1,
Ashe onl, TwI.wlelt ed, i eotwo Onto
(dhangeabls respeds ate pp et ade, and foi
t ethis reason nuo reor so all others. sor
descriwtion nl pricel, addr s ,i
SEMPLE, BIRGE & CO.,
13 South Main Street, St Louis,
vAnd pleff etato in what pies yie elaa this.
Bon's hl av Soctil Bhat
PATENTElD.
Portable Speedy snd Strong. The Standard
Boata for Exploring, Travelling lRuntin&f lish.
1n Trpping. &e, 0iP For descrlipton and
pricer, addres
I 0 SEMPLE, BIRGE & CO.,
LOE13 0UT L i ATE T, ST. LO8.A ,
t 'Ate p'le stte in what papeyosmelti
FtP bT et your printing done at
i ChanDeb xnTORr Jacb Office.
t  b
P
"It 14
( lrti'tl ' r1t0tnt111 proclaiul
VINE HAR II 1T rmt!l: llu st \\oll1(0l
Ill' ilnviga'illt tha't ever Isutaillued
the Sinkinig systoi;nll.
No i'eroi van take these Bit.
ters atecordinig to tdirect'tins, and re
main lmg unlwell, ipr,'ided(tl their
hones are nlot dt.i.yrold by minierdal
poiso m ,n' orther me ill';11, mlid vital or
ga;, watt e e fil repafir.
lillioi', litittentl, m,,l In- ({
t9r'llitiel lit Fevers, whict'h are sot
r'evalent ill the valleyr of our great
rivers throtlghouliit the Unitd'( States,
especially those of the Mississippi,
Ohio. .11;suri. llbi is, 'ennuessee,
('Wulnherlhol, Ark ltesasI , 1 'olo
rado, lirazoa, ]Rio Grande, Pearl,
Ahklalua, ýo,{l)ib!, ,Svannah, Io
lllanoklel., Jlllles, alltl ill:nimy others,
with their vast 1riliutaries, through
out 01r (,ll!i ' 'tr tl!ltl", d ii lld. thie
SuIer ir l and Nliiia, alid rlellNllIrkia
Itv o dIntl; 'il uax: t,ý tinS of unusualt
' l t jl ' dl n ;, are inv arl a i y he
Sl"n( p: i.d li It ei, . 'lttive id'1 nlge
- ',lts ofl the s :ill ; " aM 1 livB er, : ieht
Y1t11r axdmuilitca . itt ra. g In their i
tret atntlt. it lNlto ':,iilto, exols 'tillg a ,
t 1 'erl'1 inleve , e 0t. In 1 tlhe se , vari
L' ,11 O rlalln,, i ' I:d; ilIy Ilt.'O "s 1ry.
There 11 5 t1 t ii):lrt' 11 tl, t prll'pose
equt lto, 1)1:. J. \v%,' s 'INE:;All
SrrJI'i , I s til:,' will slwn'dilyr re uovO
tlho dark- t w,,dl vi-,'id ileatt, r with which
1the bowel. a" I~,ide, att te .a,, time
aqtin t!at;l'. he ( ` c,,,r 'tiohm: of tlhe, liver,
Suntd .a1. ly ri t nit trin V, t '11 I}' Ntl.le
tiull of the tl ies I V i i ll' lll a.
' orlt 81 ,1i lit s"od tilint dis
tiel, y l.ri'llig ll l its iluidS with
I i ;.n ,R ; I irrltu . 't 1 id, m itL, alllt
tali hold of a :e- ti '' fro e -arflllEd.
9)ysporSia or l iidases, ion,ad- I
,, ?, .1, 1, in it t o `houllder,;. Lough.,
Ti It-tlel of ht th E 'hia,, Ditli' s-is, Sour
' j lati', (io t ' tihe, St, h 1 arbicl. B li 'r,-te
iv i: e 1 5 l tl, iti " i AtSciks. Palpitta
s ti' kifi the iIh arlt Inh int l allt in lot' the
l ul s Ph ain il Il r tgi nra' althe Kidneys,
atuel a hulnhid rr oiher pai(nthl o symputins,
are It , I,:'l'pringsf t)yspel()gia. One bot
lie will rt v a betltv r gutrautee of its
tl m rits than t l ta It,( ih" adverti , oment.
Swf!r it}s, ]leer.,, Ery ilitelts, Sweltld
l\ueeko, (Witr, Serfulous Itnhwll ualtionS,
.V J l e:oit lr ilan l (i I(is, Mercurlial afioc
rionst, ad Sures, Eruptions of the Skinl,
t ore Eves, etc. In these, a in all othe r -
eKCastilthior l Dirtasph . WALKiE'sll Vinl
i;thL C iens hae, showi t;hir great eur
atiw Itwers ill the lnost ob tinate andi
iltra' t;ahle Gives.
For orleltalllnialtowy yllin Cdfiftlob
Hi~leulllla|i.ill, G;om, l,lous, Reielt
ciit ntr l Int:.rd nd ltn. inevrs. t )is; leanse
you the l;b.L oidp:, Kiisand blatder,
these llitters hatvt, 1o e, alM. Su,'h lDi.
eealh aof thed by Vitiated 1wi ll ,.
hlehianicai D)isftmSP.- l'rBMS
Derugd ilt & aint: Anud MiinrIIC, sCic 'to
l 'lP uim be 's. T;y pest-. ,tlvr . 6,tU!4 beaters a Md
11i1, rs, as tlmt a-vi ncl a ln lift , are sub
E.t tS olra b isy a the lhuwgls. 'ro euard
;. agains" this,i take a dose of W.hLuil's.i'
. : IN I.GA R]IIma 11f s cencllolnally.
or Skill |Ciseases, Eruptionse
Totter. Saltl-ltheumu.1110tc ,s. Spots, Pim
1 pes, lu tahle, Da',, Carb. ,e, ig
warmI, S SE!d- La,. ,re ANyD. GRysipNE
la. ln, th. Scart'. 1)iscol'rations of the
r 8kin, Ltuintrs and Diseasel of the Skin aft
S whatev'r wu F edr 'wturet. are lietrally
dug up and ea'ri tb out of the system in .
Oshart ime by the use of tese Mitterls.
Forin, Tape, and orher Worme ,
fluring hi he P ystEm of B o many thou
S sands. are eilectually desrtyed and rei
n wred. No syst m of medicne, no ver
mif'uges., no authehminities will tree the
, slstime from worms like thare BitterO.
ls 'or 1 tt,'le (Onlglatnt., n y'oung
or ohl, married or single. it, the, dawn of
13manh , s orthe turn t. life, these Ton
ie Bitters disphay so decided an Mnluenceo
o that imprvement is soonln pereyptihle.
1 SORGHU 1LbCINE
Cl ause, the, Titiated Blood
r-whenever you tiro its impurities bursting
a tirgh the skin in Pimples, Eruptions,
or Sores; cleanse it when you find it ob
Pstruted and slnggishin the veins; leansre
o it when it is tfuw; your feelings will tell
you when. Ktep the blood pure, rod the
heal thi system will fmllnw.
R. Ie . p Di A, B D & CO. .
Dru1gist3 & Gen. A/ts., ,an Fr.3 eisco, Caltfor.
llia, & cot. of \Vashington anti ChMrlton Sts,,N.Y.
s. ohl by till Druggists antd Dealers.
EYERY FARMER HIS OWN MILLER. ""
CHALLENGE .FEED MILLS
p Combined
SHELLER AND GRINDER
Will Orlat any kind of
Feed, whether wet or dry,
with ease and speed, and
Osage Corn and Cob Mills.
For Deseription lad Prioes addes
* EMIPLE, BIRGE & C0.,
k'e utheturers Agclteur~asl Implememnts sad 61p0,
cielties in nardware,
*913 Routh Mala Sit, NTo LOUIS.
girPleae mention in what pope you resthl
EVAPORATING
PAN 8,
.=.... Pamphlets
and Prices sent to parties
*9applying, who will please
gmention in what paper theyJ
saw this advertisement.
S emple, Birgo & Co..
JOB OFFIC;E.
terly,
174 j
Samell
Add
ALL KINDS 01' TH
lEA
The
itsx 2,
tion u
ill till
Its
intere
JOB PRINTING :
lieul
New ]
of all
gestic
ir aio l
Thy
macli
EN
Rlent.
perta
lilica*
lailv
Neatness and I)ispatch. 'r7,t
tricit
FA
yerOD,
iniid 1
thenm
all :
F'n
sand
nTlH t
are "
lpriet
P1
POSTERS, oli
a tion
thei
are
the
r II)
SIIAND BILLS, A
J
TII
CIRCULARS, A
'I
Lo
(IC ref
aIEFrS,
El
ret
C1
t,1
BLANKS
* cap are invited to call at the otlice of
the X*NIswArne:.
Rj 4`4
200 PAGES: 500 I.'NGRA VIN( S, and
COIOIOEI) I'PLATE. Published Quar
terly, at 2 Cents a Year. First No. for
1874 just issutl. A Gler:nian edition at
Address, .IA I ,' VIC K.
Rhocllster, N. Y.
THE B 1 ST PAPEI ! t.
BEAUTIFULLY ILLUSTRIATED.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN now in whil
its 2:th year, enjoys the widest ciircula
tion of any weekly newspaper of the .kindl 1'
in tihe, w~orld. A new voluml comelltncels b ('
January 3, 17i4.
Its contents embrace the latest and most S
interesting information pertaining to the
Industrial, Mechanical, and Scientific Pro. Is
gress of the World; I)cserilptions, with eii
Beautiful Engravings, of New Inventions, sa'e
New I'rocessis, and Improved Industries a d
of all kinds; 1;seftl Notes, Reci'pes, Sug
gestions and Advice, by Practical riters, rece
fir Workmen and Employers, in all the to it
various arts.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN, is the Idy
cheapest and best illustrated weekly pa- fe
per published. Every niumnber coltains
from 10 to 15 original engravings of new
machinery and novel inventions. Arn
ENGIRAVINGS, illustrating Inprove- :,1114
ntents, l)iscoeries, antd Important Works, fce
pertaining to Civil ain Mechanical lIngi- LA
neering, Milling. Mining and Metallurgy: I'i
Recordls of the latest progress in the Ap
elications of Steam. Stealll Engineering, Ir
Railways. Ship-liuililing, Navigat ion.I i
Telegraplhy, Telegraph Eclginleerilng, Elec
tricity, Maginetism, Light and lHeat. ,
F"Al.M ERUS, Mechanics, Elgilniers
Inlventors, Mnlllfacttlllrs. Chemists, Lo.v.
ers of Science, Teachers, Cle]rgymen, La:w1
verrt, and People of all Prolfssions. wil Pri
find the SCIENTIFIC AMERICSA useful o
them. It should have a place ill every
Family, Library, Study, office, and Cont- -
ing Room; in every Reading Room,
College, Academy or School.
A year's numiliers tontain iSK` pages asd,
SieVIERAL 'IIlNDIIEI) ENGRAVINGS Th1'ole
sandys of volumeis arie perserve'd fr hbind
ing and refe:rence. 'The praetieal receipts
are well worth i tell tiies the suhlscriti,'n
price. 'Terms 3 a year by mail. ])is
ecunt to Clubs. Speecimens sent free.
May be had of all News Dealers.
"TEP rl In connection with
PATENTS. the Sc:NTtflC
AMie:h'AN, Messrs. MlNr & Co. are 9
Solietors ofAAmerican andl Foreign Patents.
and have the largest estblishment in the
world More than lifty thousand aplie i.L
tions hiave been llade for patents through on
their agency.
Pacnts are obtained on the best terms
Models of New inventions and klietchles
examined and advice free. All patents
are published in the Scientific American
the week they issue. Send for Pamphlet,
110 pages, laws and full directions for
obtaining Patents. I.
Address for the Paper, or concerning f
Patents, MUNN & Co., 37 Park Row,
N. Y. lrach Olfice,.cor. F and 7th 8ts.,
Washinton, D C.
Jany 1 1874.-1y
TIIE SATURDAY EVENING POST:
A Beautifiul Chramo te every yearly Sub
seriher.
MAX AI)ELER, TllE GREAT RITMORISrT,
A WEEKLY CONTRIBIIUTOR.
'The Saturday Evening Pest has beeu
lthe great Literary Weekly for half a celn
tury. It pulblishes Serial after Serial of a
Lov'e and Adventure---alld yet does niot
neglect shorter stories andl sketches. It o
g;ves a short Historical Sketch weekly.
Max Addelr (the great Humorist,) is a
regular contributor. "Zig," the slpeiest
of our lady writers, also contriblutes reg
ularly. Olive King, Daisy Eyebright,
Ella Wheelor, &c,, &c., are frequent cor
respondents.
Our premium Chrome for the coming
year, is entitled
"ONE OF LIFE'S HAPPY HOURS."
It is a beauty---the work of Sinclair &
Co., one of the oldest and most cele
brated firms in the country. A copy of
this Chromno will lIe given to every year
TSly subscriber for 1874.
Remembher! The price of the Post is
fifty cents hlower to Club Subscribers than
the nprices of the other first-class Week
lies, and yet we give each of them a
Chromo besides!
TERMS--Always in Advaunce.-One
copy (with Chroneo,) $3.00, Four copies
(and four Chlromos,) $,.00, Six copies (and
seven Chromos,) $12.00, eihlt copies (ani
eight Chromnos,) $16.00. Tile sender of
this last club will be entitled to a copy
of The Post and Chromo gratis.
One copy of The Post ($3.00,) and one
of Arthur's Home Magazine, ($2.50.) with
the Premium Pictures of both periodi
cals, will be sent for $4.50. Ten cents
extra must be sent for mailing pictnres.
Ten cents must be sent for every chro
mo ordered, to pay thle expenses of manil
ing, or 25 cets if the chrome is desired
inmur.ted on card-hoard or minaslin.
Sample numbenrs sent gratis.
Address.
THE SATURDAY EVENING POST,
319 Walnut Street, Philadelphia'
Nov. 15.-ly.
GrO TO T'EAS
VIA TIlE
LONE STAR ROUTE!
,INTERNATIONAL AND GIEAT NOIRTIHER
RAnll, ROA,.)
Passengers going to Texas via Memphisn and
Little Rock, or via Shreveport, sttiko this line
at Longview, the Bloat Route to Palestine,
Hearne, Waco, Asntin. HIuntsville, Houston,
Galveston and all points in Western, Central
Eastern and Southern Texas.
Passengern via New Orleans will find it the
Best Route to Tyler, Mineola, DIallan, Overton.
Crockett, Langview and all points in Eastern
and Northeastern Texas.
This line is well Imnilt, thoronughly equipped
with every modern improvetuent, inclutditg
New and Elegant ])ay Coaches, Pullhuan Pal
ats. ace Sleeping 'ars, Westinghleouse Air Braktes
Miller's Patent Safety Platformsa and Coup
hlrs; and nowhere cle can the pussengtr o
conmpletely depend on a speedy, safe andi cot.
fortalle journey.
The LONEli STAR ROUTE has admirably
answered the query: 'eHoe' to go to Texas ?.
by the publication of an interestine and trutlh
J o- full documaent, containing a valuable and corl
tect emapl, which can be obtained. free o' eharge,
n by addressin thie GENEI:AI, TICKET
ice of AENf', Interuational anell;reat Northe,,i
hilroadl. Hlou~to., Teix:s.
ist.rict E I F l. II .
The Favorite Home Remedy,
'rhis unrivalled Medicine is watrra!:t.
not to contaiin a single particlet of ietlcu,
or ally inju'ious sllhst:le,', but IS
PI.'REILY VE(;ETAILE.
c(ltaininrlll those S, uthern roots and her!bs
which an all-wise Providence has place.
ill ('ollltr1ies whle Liver f1iseascs In.fl
prevail. It will cure all Diseases eas;,l
by deraligenlint of the Liver and Bow1B
Simmons Liver Rrgnlator, or lMedirine,
Is eminen'ltly a Famil'y Medlicine: a:ud lv
being kept ready fi r iimmediate resort \will
save lmanly an h1 ourf dslltibrtin. and wllane
a dollar in time and doctors' bills.
After over Forty Years' trial. it is sti;
receiving the nolst unqIlullified testilliolnia! s
to its virtue fromi persons of the hitlhtst
character and responsibility. Eminent
physiiai: ns commllend it as the most
Elf'ectual Spcrili for Dypcpsia or Indi
gestioil.
Armed with this ANTIDOTE. all (limatec
and chinges of water and food miay be
fat'ced without fear. As a Remedy in MA
SLARIOUS FEVERS, BOVWLL COM
I'LAINTS. Restlessness, Jaundice, Nause'a
I IT1 IIAI 1NJO EQUTA.L.
It is the t'healpest.lu'est and B1,ct Famil
1"l Medicine in the World!
Is manufactured only by
J. If. . ZEILIN & CO..
Macon, Ga., and Philadelphia.
I Price. One Dollar. Sold by All Druggists.
Dec. 20J-ly
It. R.R1
RADWAY'S READY RELIEF
I- C8'IES THE WORST PAINS
In prom One to Twenty Minutes.
NOT ONE HOUR
at ,rrea-I;ni:thalewI rti, mr t needl anyonoe
S;'FH'.. W'!THii PAIN.
i R.IWAY'S R!'A" RF 14 A CtUI'R F,.
- V.E.RKY FAIN.
It ,acthi' hrlstand is
The Only Pain Remedy
( that ir.tantlyvcopsrth rnstexerrnretting p'ins. a- 4
Intl .t :uatin',It. a 'il e rs lt'i,_esi'1M,, l whlether oft
Lune:-. Manas, Uniweil or usrc Y ,ltnororgans, jI
1I eneapplicatun.
IN FROM ONE TO TWENTY MTINUTES,
no matter how -vi,!et or eeerrdiatrug the Flin 'lha
Ril ht',MATit, Be -ridden, Intirm, I r.ppled, Nerrvu,,
Vs t ' euralipc, or prostrated wlth dietese may salfer,
s RADWAY'S READY RELIEF
WILL AFFORD INSTANT EASE.
INFAMMATION OF THE KIIºNETS.
INFl,AMjMATION OF THE BLADDER.
INFLAMMATION OF THE BoWEIS.
CONGftESTION OF THE LUNGS.
9 SORE THROAT, DIFFIClI'T BRKATIIIN(I.
PAI,PIT TIOlN OF TUHE HEART.
HYSTERICS, C2ROUI', IIPIITERIA.
CATARiIL, INFLUENZA.
HEADACHE, TOOTHIIAEIi E.
NECItAlGIA, RHEUMATISM.
COLD CIIIIS, AGL'E i1liII,.t.
The apphantlon ofthe Ready Relief to the prt r
paRs wct e zte peiu or dIc uity etia willaiord ease
ai tnomfort
Twenty dropsin halfa tumbler of water will in a f.w
mnomenu eure GII RA MP..$PAMS.OU . it i At Ti.
HEARTIIURN, SlICK HEAlIACIRi, tIAlicALKn,
IDYSEiN'TEIRYT ('L1(! WIND IN. TUE BOWhL\
andall I TEKRNAl PAINS.
Travelers should always carry a bottle of Rad
way's Iteadv Relief withmt,!o. A tew drps in
W', water wiliprevent ,,eknoee or pliins from cLanige if
rater. Itlsbetter tan tireach Iirnndyor Jitlrt er5a
tImulant.
'e FEVER AND AGUE.
FEVER ANDAGU'EInretdforfifty cents. There is
of aotaremedialagetlnthiswiorld that will cure Fever
tand Atae. atd allother Ma.larlou, BlIous, carltS,
Typhoid, Yellow. and other Fevers [alded by IR AD
WIt t~S 'I. IRShlquickas RADWA"Y BLADY B h
LIEF. Fliftycentaper botle.
HEALTH! BEAUTY!!
it, TRONG AND PURE RICH BLOOD-INCRIAKI
S OF FILESH AND WEItIHT-'lhEAR tKiN AND)
BEAUTIPULhOMPLE1IO" NSECU ED TO UAl.
DR. RADWAY'S
SSaprillian Resolvent
of THE CREAT BLOOD PURIFIER.
Asi ADE THE MOE'OST ASTONTMHING CUREB: 0FO
QUICK.SO RAPID ARE TBK CHANGES.TU
I iBOIY UNDEIR(OES,UNDERTIIE INFLUF.! ENCE
i1OF TIlls TRULY WONDERFUL MEDICINE,
" Irym lay a Increase iall
t W!eiht is seen a elLt
anl Eey drop of the SARSAPARILLIAN RFSOL
of VENT communleate throughbse ilood, Sweat, Urn0,
ad other Fluids and juice of the sytim therlgorel
o I' hf.,foritrepairsthewastesof the body withnewan4d
oaund materil Scrofula, Syphilis, Consumption,
OGlandular disree, Ulcers in the throat, Mont, Tou
Ofl mnrs NodesintheGlanlds andotherparts ofthesystem,
ith Soreyes, Ktrumoroundichargu from the Ears and
the worst forms of Skin disease, Eruptions, Fever
o- ores,SIeaid Head, Ring Worm,slatBRheum,l'ryipelui
inR Aene, Blacksapols, WormSnl tne Flesh, Tumors, Can
cerlnthe Womb, and all weakening and painful dis
es. charges, Night Sweats, L.s ofspermandallwateslf
ro- the ifeprineiple, ar thI tmh curatve nn gofts.
wonderol Modern Chemiutry, sa a ew days' use wi
il- provetoany person usaing itfor etther ofl the forms
uretl dieeaseIts poeantpower tociuretheui.
If tha patient, daiy beoningl rede bythewastis
4 ddmeomldoln is ,,crntlnually progrmilg, tier
eeedsiurrsin glhese wastes, and repar the same
with new materialmade from healthy lood-end this
the ARSAPAiIhlAN wlllsnd doesseuenr-acure
ST, iscertain; frwhs oncu this remedy commence it
w orkofpunfatlon. and sueeeds In diminilhIng th
hia loss of a ts repairs will he rapid, and every Gay
the patlen wil feelbomselfgrowing letter and stronger,
thefooddtgestlg better,appethe improlPgraudlssh
and wehtlnireasini.
- Notonr dossthcSbaaS lttrr tau J RIsovrvwr ncels
a iown r0mediarl aetlo the uofChronlr, irt
S fulaet, Constitutlon al sailMkndisea; butltsathS
only posihve cure for
Kfdney C Bladder Compzistst,
UI rinTry and Womb dlseaes.Grar, vel,. Diabetes. y,
* itoppage of Waer, Incontinence of Urinte, Brignt's IU
ease, Albumlnurla, and In all cases where there are
brickiustdeposits, or the water is thick, clondy, mized
ERN withsubstancea likethe whliteofan eg or threatIs li
whiteailk, ortherelsa morbid, dar bilious appear
ancee, and white bone-dustdeptllta. and whentherel
aprlckmg, burning amumatnn when pswnig w ated
rti umor of 12 Years' Growtha
sOtn, red by Badway's Besolvent.t
SDR. RADWAY'S
Pl rfeeCtly asteles, elegantly eonated with .wtct p:m,
ke purge, regulste,prtly, C.leanse an1d .teoten. had
Coup- way's Pills, or the cure ofalldlaord rsel the ist1mcrh,
r so Liver, Bowels, Kidney., Bladder. Nervuc utius.,
Headache. Constapatlon,lostivene.s, Indiee'Iun, Ie'
oI pesla, Biliousness. Billeus Fever, iuallau of the
owels, Piles, and all IEranugements ol i I nternal
l iViscera. Warranted in elfecrt a iosibo eure. Pltrely
s ? Vegetabls, containingno mercury, miuerarl ordCelete5il
truth- OUi drugs.
lt, A few do~sesofIrADWAT'' PITT. will frte tt'afsy"
S temfrom alltbe aboRv nameia d.st'ers. Pree. ) rentU
ge per Box. SEll.l ItY l;Rt',ih'l'.
l'T' READ "FALM'; AND Ti:l'E." Send ore slette
riti a mtamptoRAh)WA Y k OI .,. W i W-r.n .t . ,'
York jlInfurmation worth thouauu wA,, ,; -ii v.'
___ 0,