1 876!
HE BEST, THE LARGEST,
the Cheapest Weekly Paper.
Published.
NOW IS THE TIME TO
The St. Louis Times.
Dailyr Sunday, Tri-Weekly and Weekly.
THE
Leading Democratic Paper
WEST OF THE MISSISSIPPI.
The ST: Louvs TI~Ms is a large
sixty-four column Newspaper,
the largest and cheapest
Weekly Newspaper
published in the
United States.
$1500 IN CASH PREMIUMS
4 FrOLOWS :
DAILY.
$50 Cash to any person from whom we
receive the largest list of subscribers
to the Daily Times for one year (be
fore the 31st of March next) of not
less than one hundred and fifty
names, at $8 per annum.
$160 Cash for the next largest lit of not
less than 100 names at $8 per annum.
*125 Cash for the next largest list of not
less than 75 names at $8 per annum.
$75 Cash for the next largest list of not
less thi:n 50 names at $8 per annum.
$50 Cash for the next largest list of not
less than 30 names at $8 per annum.
$30"Cash for the next largest list of not
loss than 20 names at$8 per annum.
ash for the next largest list of not
less than 20 names at $8 per annum.
TRI W. E KL Y.
125 Cash for the largest list of subscrib
ers to the Tri-Weekly thnes (before
the 31st of March next), of not less
than one hundred and twenty-five
names at $1 per annum.
$75 Cash for the next largest list of not
less than 75 names at $4 per annum.
$50 Cash for the next largest list of not
less than 50 names at $4 per annum.
$25 Cash for the next largest list of not
less than 30 names at $4 per annm.
$15 Cash for the next largest list of not
less than 10 names at $4 per annum.
$10 Cash for the next largest list of not
jles than 10 names at $4 per annumn.
WEEKLY TIMES.
50Cash to any person from whom we
receive (before the 31st of March
next) the largest list of subscribers
to the Weekly Times for cne year, of
not less than five hundred names, at
$1 25 per annum.
$125 Cash for the next largest list of not
less than two hundred and fifty names
at $1 25 per annum.
$75 Cash for the next largest list of not
less than one hundred and fifty names
at $1 25 per annum.
580 Cash for the next largest list of not
less than one hundred names at $125
per annum.
$25 Cash for the next largest list of not
less than fifty namnes at $1 25 per ain
num.
Sl Imst Aompany B:Ech List Sent In
An account will be opened with each
person contending for the premiums, and
names or lists receivedl from tune to
time placed to his or her credid which
will be footed up after 31st of March nlext.
Premiums awarded within thirty days
after March 31, 1875, by the 'rimes Conm
pany of St. Loulis.
No enbsnriptions received before De
acombser 1, 1874, nor after Malrch 31, 11175.
will be ladded to Premium lists.
Under the new postal law, taking effect
January 1, 1875, the postatge on newspa
Speras is req!ired to be prepaid by the
publishers at the time of mailing, thus
relieving the subscriber of the necessity
of paying. at his postoflice the quarterly
postage s heretofore.
Petage Prepail by Pablishers.
ThI unprecedented neucess with which
tbe Times has met, since its establish
mett i, s otnvincing evidence that the
peep4of the West and 8onth, fully ap
p stc the teffort. of a journal, which,
In addition toita enterprise as a news
-paper, has the courage to boldly declare
and consatntly maintain the printteiples
ofitaspohtieal faith.
The publieo journal mostly deseorving or
Dsmoeratie sapport is the one that, in
additiot to being a full and faithful and
consistent advocate of Democrati prin
aples. Al Democratic newspaper is the
newspaper for Democrats to sappoirt, and
the idea mometimes sought to be iculca
ted by those who have an interest of their
*wn in doing so that the people must go
outside their party organu to "'ind the
aikt,"Is alabsurd and irrational. There
has sort of incompatibility whatever
between the political and non-political
eournal as totbo matter of news; many
ofthl papem new published trgheoent
the country, ast esapecitily valuable for
iCWamoual amd vuriety of their intel
I-Iwe, being also kilown forthe ability
an-mae neseas'witli which they seham
ptmi~titr pculiar party views. Hence
iitilt8. ie beiuAg qual, it is mahitfet
ly the dty ofDemoorate to limit their
'ptpatronage to easuch as are,of
thlt, bow Way of l-alking, and not to
iglander their means on those that wage
seaotant warafe upon their established
.eavlotion,
It p ihr deire to e'ethe Times in the
head ofall Demoreeat and every well
wlahr of the Oovernment throughout
b~Ik ladand in order thb this may be
epapire are now onrlng the following
~raoi.ul tary lnduesmbnts to those irwho
will latercet thlreglves and aet in the
i e t'a+e d t flubrlgents for the Timnes
~btrythe 8 y_.
I ander the leditorial man
:O iSOr'o HUeamTss, one of it
with Joas N. En
wusp- l and Z '9Ev.~nm, who are
--1d k ,ibTJiROi n to the Demoe
sad ap abl taiof wrienr and re
A aljsjlnjh Sanday.
g "All
,n, mT.h
+ ,' Y •"
p +.,
In clubs of ten or more, each sub
scription, by mail.............. 1 25
, Agents Not Contemling for Premiums
Will he allowed ten per cent commission
from the alove rates, to be deducted be
fore mailing money.
The 3ferchant and Business Man can.
not take a more useful and valuable
newspaper than the Timel.
Latest Financial Reports correctly
given.
The Times, for its size, is the cheapest
paper in circulation.
The Times gives the most complete
Local and Foreign Market Reports of any
paper in the Mississippi valley. The
Y* Market Reports are made up with the
greatest care, from all sources, and the
subscribers to the Times may rely upon
having the best.
A first-class Literary and Family paper.
Editorial articles upon all the current
topics of the day.
The Agriculturist will always find the
Times a paper suited to his wants.
e Support your own newspaper.
Now is the time to subscribe for the
Times.
Subscribers to the Times should send
their money, by postoAlce order or ex
press, to the address of
TIMES COMPANY.
St. Louis Mo.
WILD OATS.
PROSPECTUS FOR 1876.
e 7Champion American Comic Paper !
t Illustrated by a corps of the best Ameri
y can artists, and contributed to by the
most popular humorists and satirists of
it the day.
. Wild Oats now enters successfully np
it on the sixth year of its existence, and
a. has become the established humorous and
at satirical paper of the country. It was
i. started and continued the first year as a
it monthly, then, to satistfy the demand of
a. the public, it was changed to a fortnight
it ly. Still continuing its good work of
1. hitting folly as it flies, and showing up
it the political and social shams by its
i. masterly cartoons and pungent editorials,
it achieved even greater success than
before, and was recognized as the. ablest
- and brightest of its class. Since then we
e have yielded still further to the public
demand, and now publish Wild Oats
e weekly! It has literally grown into its
present shape on its intrinsic merits, be
it ug the first successful weekly humorous
i. paper ever published in this country.
it Among the artists especially engaged
. to furnis!! illustrations for Wild Oats are
t Frank Bellow, Thomas Worth Hopkins,
Wales, Shelton, Wolf, Jump, Keettels,
' Stuckhardt, Day, Poland, and several
I. others who are yet known to fame.
it In its literary departments Wild Oats
. will, as it always has, stand alone and
unapproachable. At least one first-class
serial story will always be found in its
e pages, by the best humorous, satirical,
h and character writers in the United
a States; while its sketches and squibs
f will be sparkling, original and pointed.
t Wild Oats will be first-class an every
particular, and on this account may be
t taken into the best families without fear
a or suspicion, as no word or illustration
will appear that can offend the most fas
t tidious.
5 *" Send for a Sample Copy and
t Continee Yourselves.
5 SUBSCRIPTION PRICE:
SOne Year...................... $4 00
Six Months.................... 2 00
Three Months................... 1 00
Single Copies..................... 10
1 Any person sending us a club of five
a snbscribers for one year will receive a
i copy gratis.
. Address,
s COLLINS & SMALL.
Publlishers, 113 Fnftou Street, N. Y.
. EVERY LADY SHOULD TAKE IT.
t --
PETKlSON'S AGAZI.UL
STHE CHEAPEST AND BEST IN
THE WORLD.
Postase Pre-Paid on all Subscriptions.
This popular Monthly Magaziue gives
more for the money than any in the
world. Far 1876, it will be greatly im
oved. It will contain One Thousand
Eags. Fourteen Spllendid Steel Plates,
TIwolve Colnred Berlin Patterns, Twelve
I Mammnoth Colored Fashions, Nine Hn1..
dred Wood Cuts, Twenty-Four Pages of
Music. All this will be given for only
Two ITlars a year, postage prepaid by
the publisher, or a dollar less than Mag
azines of the class . f "Peterson." Its
THRILING TALE8 AND OYV.
E TIES
Are the best published anywhere. All
the most popular writers are employed
to write originally "Peterson." In lt7i,
in addition to the usual quantity of short
stories. Five Original Copyright Novel
etts will be given, by Mrs. Ann 8. Ste
pheas, Frank Lee Benedict, Jane G. Aus
tin Marietta Holley and Daisy Ventnor.
MAMMOTH COLORED FASHION
PLATES
Ahead of all others. These plates are
engraved on steel. Twice the nusual size,
and are unequaled for beauty. They
will be superbly colored. Also House
bold and other receipts; in short, every
thing interesting to ladies.
SUPERB PREMIUMI ENGRAVING I
To every person getthig up either of
the following clubs for 1875 will be sent
gratis, a copy of our now and splendid
mezzotint for farming, (size 21 iinches by
g5), Washiagtoonm's First interview with
His Wife." This is a Five Dollar Engra
ving, and the meost desirable premium
ever offered. For large etubs, as will be
seen below, an extra copy of Masazine
will 1be sent in additou.
TERMS (Always in Advance) $2.00
a YEAR.
Postage ?rqpaid bV le Publidisr.
SCoplQesI for................-$ -30
6 " " 4 00
" k' **" ** 14000
I- .- . . ...,.. 18 00
superb mezzotint. "Washington's First
interview With His Wife,' to the per
son getting up the Club.
s Address, post-palid.
a CHARLES J. PETERSON,
306 Cheenut street, Pa.
pe" Specimens sent gratis if written
'" for.
e
Y THREEST PAPER. TRY IT.
t POSTAGE FREE.
Beautifully Illustrated.'
e The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN now in
n its 30th year, enjoys the widest circula.
tion of any weekly newspaper of the kind
in the world. A new volume commences
t January 4,1875.
Its contents embrace the latest and most
interesting information pertaining to the
e Industrial, Mechanical, and Scientific Pro.
gress of the World; Descriptions, with
Beautiful Engravings, of New Inventions,
New Processes, andl Improved Industries
e of all kinds; Useful Notes, Recipes, Sug
gestions and Advice, by Practical Writers,
for Workmen and Emnployers. in all the
various arts.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN is the
cheapest and best illustrated weekly pa
per published. Evely number contains
from 10 to 15 original engravings of new
machinery and novel inventions.
ENGRAVINGS, illustrating Improve
ments, Discoveries, and Important Works,
pertaining to Civil and Mechanical Engi
neering, Milling, Mining and Metallurgy;
Records of the latest progress in the Ap
plications of Steam, Steam Engineering,
Railways. Ship Building, Navigation.
Telegraphy, Telegraph Engineering, Elec
tricity, Magnetism, Light and Heat.
FARMERS, Mechanics, Engineers,
Inventors, Manufacturers, Chemists, Lov
ers of Science, Teachers, Clergymen, Law
yers, and People of all Professions, will
f find the SCIENTI'IC AMEImCAN useful to
them. It should have a place in every
Family, Library, Study, office, and Count
I ing Roonm; in every Reading Room,
I College, Academy or School.
A year's numbers contain 832 pages and
a SEVERAL HUNDI1ED ENGRAVINos Thou
f sands of volumes are perserved for bind
ing and reference. The practical receipts
f are well worth ten times the subscription
º price. Terms $3 20 a year by mail, in
I cluding postage. Discount to Clubs Spe
cimens sent free. May be had'of all News
º Dealers.
PATENTS. In connection ith
1 the ScIENTIFIC
AMERICAN, Messrs. Mxt'x & Co. are
Solictors of American and Foreign Patents,
and have the largest estblishment in the
world More than fifty thousand applical
tions have been made for patents through
their agency.
Patents are obtained on the best terms
Models of New inventions and sketches
examined and advice free. A special
notice is made in the Scientific American
of all Inventions Patented through this
Agency, with the name and resident of
the Patentee. Patents are often sold in
part or whole, to persons attracted to the
invention by snch notice. Send for
Pamphlet, 110 pages, laws and full di
rections for obtaining Patents.
Address for the Paper, or concerning
Patents, Mvsux & Co., 37 Park Row
N. Y. Brach Office, cot. F anl 7th Ste.
Washinton, D C.
Jany 11875.-lv
JOURNAL OF
AGRICULTCERE ADD FARIER,
A Weekly for Farm, Or
chard and Family Circle.
ThIe Weekly Journal and Farmer is a
consolidation of the monthly Journal of
Agriculture and the Weekly Missouri
Farmer, is niow the greatest leading popu
lar Farm and Fireside paper of the
Southwest.
Its departments are complete and ably
edited. The Orange is a leading feature,
and this department ia always full of
good tlings contributed by the members
of the Order. The ladies are heard
through the columns devoted to their in
terests, and nanny Iints o* household
utility and good advice can be gleaned,
by those who wish to become ornaments
in their homes and by their liresides.
All classes will be instructed by reading
the Journal of Agriculture and Farmer,
and no family should be without it. Its
MARKET REPORTS
are complete, authentic and reliable, and
the paper is worth the subscription price
alone to get its markets, fresh and relia
ble every week.
Scnd for it! Read it ! Take its ad
vice, and it will pay you.
Men and women, boys and girls, old I
and young, give the Journal of Agricul- I
tare andi Farmer a trial for onre year,
and see if yon have not made a good in
Svestment. It is a large 8 page, 48 column a
weekly Agricunltural, Grange and Fami
ly Newslpaper, and is free from political a
and religious discussions, and its chaste
and well written pages makes it a wel- t
come visitor in thousands of households
in the great Mississippi Valley.
Club agents wanted, to whom liberal
terms will be given. We want agents
in every town, and village.
Send foie specimen copy free, and we
ask that yen send us the names of your
friends, so ..hat we may send them ape
cnen copies.
Subserinption price, $2.00 per annum;
elubs of 5 or more, $1.60 each. P'ostage,
15 cents must be sent with each name,
as we prepay every paper sent out.
Addresa
CIIEW, CORDELL & CO.,
310 North Sisth Street, C
Nt. Louis, Mo.
WHITEWATERWAO0A '
I.
OR FARM, PLANTATIOl AND FREI. T
ALSO SPRIN AND DEMOCRAT WASO. I
Where we have no Agents
we will sell direct to parties
desitng them. Price and
doriPuOn fuLrnished on ap
plleaton. The Whitewater t
costs a triflemore thanordi
n ary w .agons, but is the it
h pest ,Int.e long I rh n
EpMPI.LE, BIJGE&CO.
1 SOUTH w usTer., Sr, ouIs. -
P es weiting us,.wil
pI mention in w hat pa- -
pxtIeyr6ad out' adv[ertfse
-i r -j~i 1
eWE WANT AN AGENT IN
EVERY COUNTY
-IN THE-
UNITED STATES!
-----on----
Gold Coin! $1,000.00 in Gold!
·---00---
S We Challenge the World,
And will forfeit $1,000 to any person who can produce a remedy which will prove
by actual test, a more speedy, certain and effectnual cure for all Pains and Aches of
whatever form, external and internal, acute or chronic, deep-seated or otherwise
in than
ihaDr. Radoli fs Great Remedy,
Seven Seals or Golden WONDER
°- We have had this challenge of $1,000 prominently displayed in all our Circulars
and Newspaper Advertisments, for the last four years, and not taken, which
'shows the superior excellence of our Remedy over all other. For External or In
e ternal us.
, It will Effect a Speedy Cure in all Cases of
Headache, Neuralgia, Toothache, Sprains, Bruises.
h Flesh Wounds, Burns, Colic, Cramp, Cholera
n Morbus, Flux, Diarrhoea, Bronchitis. Catarrh,
coughs, colds, Inflammatory Rheuma
tism, Asthma, Phthisic, Heartburn,
Indigestion, Summer complaint,
Pains in Side, Back or Loins,
Piles, Ringworm, Felons,
Stings of Insects, Bites of
Venomous Serpents,
and Especially Ru
matism.
t- A POWERFUL REMEDY Which is taken Internally by ANY ONE.
, -00
4 This celebrated medicine is beyond a doubt the greatest discovery in Medi
cal Science known to the wrold. Its action is at once felt; its wonder
ful cures are instantaneous; in fact it literally demolishes pain.
is --
EQUALLY GOOD FOR MAN OR BEAST.
00
T IREMEMBER WE GUARANTEE EVERY BOTTLE.
No Cure, No Pay !
Try it, and be Convinced.
s SOURCE OF HAPPINESS TO MILLIONS OF SUFFERING HUMANITY.
During the past four years the wonderful success of this Great Remedy has far
5 exceeded our most sangaine expectations; thousands have been cared, and thou
', sands have found out from actual experience that Dr. Radcliff's Great Remedy,
Ii Seven Seals or Golden Wonder, is the Most Wonderful Pain Destroyer in Existence,
n the Most Expedious, Safe and powerful Remedy known in the World. Cures are
is effected almost Instantly, as if by MaAc. Thousands of certililees have been re
,f ceived from all parts of our broad land, unsolicited and unasked for, speaking in
n heartfelt and universal praise of this Great Remedy, from personal knowledge of
1e its almost miraeulous powers in curing the most obstinate and protracted eases of
!r Diseases.
----- ----
R $1,000 Profit in Four Moths ! 1,872 One Dollar Bottles Sold!
w READ THIS :
"Scott Town, Lawrence County, Ohio.
Messrs. KENNEDY & CO.-Dear Sirs: At this late hour I will inform you of the
great benefit I received from the use of Dr. Radcliffs Great lemedy, Seven Seals
or Golden Wonder, after being confined to my bed for eight years with a conmplica
tion of disaseas.,viz: Dyspepsia, Bronchitis,: Palpitation of the Heart, Pain in the
Right Side, with General Debility, for which I tnred the skill of our home physi
cians, also a doctor of New York City, and two of Pittsburgh, and one in the
northern part of Ohio. Took enough patent medicines to swim in-all to no pur
pose. At length I was induced to try Dr. Rad:clifls Seven Seals or Golden Wonder.
I sent and got six fifty cent bottles, and before using it all founnd myself able to
travel in a buggy. Took the agency for its sale last April, four months ago, and
have sold thirteen gross, or 1,872 bottles, up to this dlate,, A ,gnt 20th, 1872, and
expect from the growillg dellalid to sell ten thoutsalnd (10,000) bottles inl the next
year. Gentlemen, if youl think this worth using you ca:nt do so, as I am generally
a known over three counties as a man of great aitlliction.
S Yours Respectfilly, II. J. DARLING.
·i ----oo
A REMEDY FOK HARD TIIES, TRY IT.
FOR THIS GREAT REMEDY WE WISH YOU TO ACT AS OUR AGENT.
.---.-oo--
Dear Sir:-The atove fully explains the articles we wish to sell. This business
'f is honorable, and by being energetic, will pay you well. It is our desire to ap
ploint at agentt in every county in all parts of the United States adm Canada, granl
nig to each thle exclusive right to sell every bottle sold in the county. Should yon
- accept the agency for one or more counties, you shall have the exclusive right to
d sell every bottle sold in your county, as long us you continue to act as oar agent,
I and all orders which we may receive from your territory shall be turned over to
a your account.
This Wonderful Remedy, Seven Seals or Golden Wonder, sells rapidly in the
I hands of the right kilnd of ment, and we want aone other. Now if you think you
, are the man for the work, forward your order, name your county, and go to work;
Syou canu sell a gross in a few days, without a doubt. WVe htave one man who buys
on an averege three gross per week, and his orders are in3reasing rapidly, and ihe
has a smadl'counlty, (Berks Co., Pa.) lie writes that he e.pects to sell one grose
Sper day, at retail, the coming season, not counting wholesale. Yon have tile pIiv
lege of selling wholesale or retail, or putting it on ommuission with druggists, or
. selling by esub-ageits. This business is worth the attention of good men and men
of capital. Should you make but reasonable wages--say $100 per monthi for the
first three months (niany make more)-you would nevertheless be establishing a
business that would pay you largely in the end.
Agents are doing better with our Remedy than anything else they ever took
hold of. Why is this ? Because the Remedy does just as we say, and our agents
I can warrant every bottle. No cure, no pay. Knowing that we make all losses
.good, should they be called on to redeem a bottle, agents run no risk of loss.
Seven Seals or Golden Wonder is put up in *1,0" and 50 cent bottles, elegantly
finished in neat and appropriate wrappers, and lpacked in nice boxes, one dozen in
each box.
To druggists our scale of priees are-Large size, $1.00 bottles, per dozen, $8.00
small size. 60 cent bottles, per dozen, $1.50.
We give special terms to our County Agents at such tigures that they can sell
to druggists and country stores at the aboveprice and make a handsome profit.
SWe also give an
Extra Premium to Agents!
In order to have live, energetic men to take hold of the business at once, we
have concluded to give free gratis to each and every agent apresenut of a handsodame,
hflue
Coin Silver IHunting Watch, Free,
Beautifully engraved, and correct time-keepr, worth $20,00, and a certificate of
agency giving SOLE CONTROL of such county as the agent may select (not al
ready taken); and, furthermore, all orders coaming from rsuch counties as the agent
may seleet, will be sent back by us to the agent to be- filled-in fact we give sole
control of such counties as long as the agent eontinues in the bnsiness. Remember,
the Prenmium Watch is giqtven gratis to the agents. We take this plan to have our
Great Remedy quickly and thoroughly introdueee. Let us hear from you at your
earliest convenienee, and ecaure your county at once, before being taken by some
one else. Remenmber, this olfer is olpen for a short time only.
---
A &ieall Capital Required to Rai a large Paying Busiuss,
The eapital required is very small, and the profits from it will fully equal that of
thousamis of merehanta who have invested a large capital in their business. Hun
dreds in all parts of the eonntry are making from .1.500 TO $5,000 A YEAR.
And hundreds more will date their suecess from accepting our liberal offer at this
time. Any one willing to work for suaceess can eforce it, habut thme who believe that
it can be had from idleness are not the kind of men we want to push our business.
We want
A LL VE, E1VERGETIC AGENT.
As one suchl is worth O dozen who expoet a business to push itself. We have spent
in pushing our business ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS.
It has paid Ii to do it, and it pays our agents, as it advertises itthouroughbly in
every State, County anid Township in the United States-not only for us, but for
the Agent Remember, this is a life business and that,every year it grows larger
snl larjer.
We will send to parties contemplating to act as our Agents a SAMPLE. DOZEN
BOTTLESaecurely pascked with oardiltlerent Posters, Bills, Show Cards, Terms, etc.,
UPON THE RECEIPT OF U.50. And all sending 2.50 for Sample Dozen, we
will send free of sharge. Samples of our Eight Efegant 3bromoes, etitl&l:
of the _~yijg Pasi ! B Peep! Redimng tie Bible! FIrEt Leaos !
If you want your conty let us know as soonl as coaveuient, as the territory may
be taken. We would beple ed to have paries who contemplate taking an agen
-y, mt ased fo ample kge of this wonderful Remedy before engaging larg ly
REMEMBEI, WE GUARANTEBEEV' BOTTLE.
NO (7 URE! NO PAY r
With these suggestions we leove the matter with you. We do not wish you to
engage unless you will tollow the basiness as a business, and really desire to make
money. We want none butt honest, coneientios mon. To ech we will guarantee
saiucses. A ddress alcm~loaonication to
5MbNEDY &a O.,
....opdtrrs, ab gh, Pa.
i tatii what opr yeo rw this svertiseemenut.
,+-+,+,~i.I +.,,'+/.-ii-+ ! "+:' .    '; ..+ .+.-:I 
VICK'S
FLORAL GUIDE
F*or 1876.
PUBLISHED QUARTERLY. JANUA
ry Number just issued, and contains
over 100 Pages, 500 Engraving, descrip
I tions of more than 50, of our Ibest Flow.
ers and Yegetables, with directions for cul
ture, Colored Plate, etc. The most use.
ful and elegant work of the kind in the
world. Only 25 cents for the year. Pub
P lished in English and German.
Address, JAMES VICK,
e Jan. 1G-ly. Rochester, N. Y.
of
ALL PAPERS QUOTE FRO1 T !
THE
Detroit Free Press.
rs The liveliest of family newspapers, full
ch of interesting news, literature, humorous
u- sketelfes, spicy pafa raph, etc. Sample
Copies free. Subscription $2 00 a year,
post-paid. Address
DETROIT FREE PRESS.
* Detroit, Mich.
NEW YORK TRIBUNE !
The Leading Ametican Newspaper.
THE BEST ADVERTISING MEDIUM.
Daily, $10.00 a year; Semi-Weekly,
$3.00; Weekly, $2.00
POSTAGE FREE TO THE SUBSCI
BER.
Specimen copies and advertising rates
free. Weekly, in clubs of 30 or more,
only $1.00, postage paid. Address
TIlE TRIBUNE,
New York.
ARTHUR'S ILLUSTRATED
,. HOME MAGAZINE
FOR 1876.
Bright, cheerfidul, progressivealways up
to the advancing thonght of the times.
The lsome Magazine takes rank with the
leading and most istlnletial periodicals
of the day. It is on the side of telmper
ance and true christian morality. What
ever is hurtiful it condemns without
`. fear or favor, and makes itself t'ilt in the
homes of the people as a power fir good.
The Great Household Magazine of
'. America, is more thoroughly identified
with the people in their home and so
isr cial life than any other periodical in the
u- country.
y, "Deborah Norman; her work and her
e, reward." A new serial story by T. 8.
re Arthur will he commenced in January.
e- "FIFTY YEARS AGO; or the cabins
in of tile West', by Rosella Rice. We an
of nounce this new series of articles with
of real p:easure, knowilg as we do that it
will be atilmong the most attractive that
we shall offer our renders next year.
Miss Rice, besides hohling the pen of a
ready writer. has in her possession a large
amount of original material from which
to draw, and a wide acquaintance with
people whose personal reminiscence are
10 rich with pioneer incidents and experi
le ences.
a- "Homes for the People," a series of ad
10 mirably suggestive articleson homls land
i- how to make them pleasant and attrac
ie tive, by Mrs. E. B. Dnfhly.
r- "The Story Teller." This department
r. will be unsunally rich. liesides an
to abundalnce of short stories, two or three
id serials will be giveni during the year.
Id "Pipsisiway" Potts the inimitable dle
t hue:tor of homne liti aend character, will
lyhave an arti:le ill every ntlnber.
Bntterick's Iorewest pattert0n for ladiesn'
anid childrelns'dresuc:s are givell by spe
cial ;rralgelnet every monrth.
The Mothers' Departmelt will be care
fully edite nd Id have suggestive articles
from our best and most experienced wri
ters.
S The Housekeepers' Departmnent will Ibe
. full and practical, anld conLtailn Illaly conll
. tributions from experienced houtsekeep
o The Lion in Love' and "The Interrnup
ted Reader," two large a1d sIlendid pIre.
Smium engravings. One of these is sent
free to every subscriber.
e *2 50 a year is the price of ARTHUR'S
a ILLUSTRATIED HOME MAGAZINE.
; In clubs; 3 copies feir *6; 6 and one ex
a tra to the getter np of the 'lub 012. 10
ie and one extra $20. [iC? 15 cents nlust
s be added to each subscription for re
r- payment of postage flor the year. 'p0
r cimen nulmbers 15 cents, in einrrenciy or
n postage stamps.
0 T. 8. ARITHUR & SON,
Philadelphia, Pa.
WILLIAMS' MOWER £ REAPER
-SEMPLE, BIRGE & CO,
8a Soukth MinStre.t St, Louls,
EVERY FARMER HI8 OWN MILLER
CHALLENGE FEED MILLS8
fCombined
SSHELLER AND SRNDElR
wl eOrel et 1.d el
Peed, waMhetrwetedry
SOsage Corn and Cob Mills.
I SEPLE, BIRGE & CO.,
crasm Ia nmd,.
1S 3eth Meta St, *I. LOTN.
THE DUBOIS PATENT
(kpmvI Pdsio.Ub
OOTTON GIN.
i Tle Mghem ntlem at the Ihat W1sAs at
hemi., TesL Jaeshm, Nb,ishe th l
eseinfhsea inm N m sr
- e, .s, asesU & ee .,
aS l ashmm na s m . IWug,
WIlY YOU StHOULD TAKE
THE CINCINNATI ENQUIREL
It is the Peoplre's paer, devoted
their interests and wel:arc. io
It is an imlpartial friend to all men lad
measures that beneftit the country.
It is the enemy of all fmen and tnuft
Sares that seek only personal gain at tb
expense of the country's welfare.
Its editorial colusmns ar, for the
eial p erl~ e of exposing the fraud {
governmelnt officials, iand laws couthi
ie laneguage calculated to deceive the ta
derstanldiug, aSld make plainu. to itsl rtd
ers the Iemotives, cael's alnd effects
general and special legislative act.,
Its news colin.t coanta:in thie lat
news and intelligenee that 'can be obtin.
ed firom the e tour quarters of theRloir
by means of ithe telegraph, mailse
correspmldelee.
Its agricultural columns are the bk
adapted to the wants of farmers, alle
whom are invited to give their exp
esce aned resaults of new ideas and *I
Iperilllets of all kinds of im*rotesM~.
calculated to advance the farnain it
tere.sts.
One assne of the Enquirer eountta
Iolre solid iniformneation a:nd intelligeae,
thuan can be had itromi fity of the so call
ed hliterary papers. None can lay lids
the Enqtuirer without admittineg i Vhle .
ahle addition to his or her stock ofkowl
edge.
Its market reports have for years lhte
aeknowledged as the most completesall
reliable published, anld of great valat to
Stock )Dealers, 'rodnccrs and Trasg
men generally.
It has depl, tenents alnd reading for th
old and the yonung. For the fanily ei.
cle and the counting honue-For the nee.
chant and meehanic-For the famer and
stock dealer, and for ladies and gentle.
men of every calling eand statioula life.
Its terns are low as any firstltlasty
Iper casn be plrited for, and the pquality
and quanatty of reading matter aused a
excelled by any other paper.
Try it for this year. A Chromo kt
every $2.00 Subsriber. Send your .
scription direct to the office.
R. R. R.
RADWAY'S READY RELIEF
cUBES TaE wORST PAmns
In rorn One to Twenty Mlnutgi,
NOT ONE HOUR
aAerremdladthisadvortiemen aemlaays
SLFFEB WITH PAIN.
RADWAT' READY RElJEP IS A CUal FrU
EVERT PAIN.
I. ,wase trstamnd
The Only Pain Remeody
that Ilemutaelesop. 1hemntcuv , sala a l..
ula.natnul a e. and cures Ee(teeo l. *,
engppalicea moweu. h
IN FRONiON? TO IWINlYT NMR
e mastr bhw slolsat r eseresamiN w As
R5UIIATIC, Iie-rtdea. Intrnm, t.nppl ,1
eumlge, oer presrated with sera siy mair
RADWAY'S READY REIWEP
SWILL AFFORD INSTANT Kg3.
INFAMNATION or TUr KIDES.
IN'PLAIIAT.ON OFi THII 333
COWIIC RTION OF T1 11IF
ERoR THROAT, DIFFi('U.lT BTArIITN.
PALPITATiUN OrF 133 3345?
EY1TERICB CROUP, DIPHTERIA.
EIADACHB, TOOTRACH.
NlURALUIA, RUE8AS,
COLD CHILLS, AGOU CII.LS.
Theapplliatemofto(he Readll e R feIessp.
pan wItepr er mnerdieeo lrify eistswleag
sud dloeaorL
Twenty droplahalfatembler oe wIte l
EART1IL1RN, SiCiK IIUAISACMI, DIARRELsO,
Wy's Rheadv Relief we theam. A abe
ratr. t i a ber ha Far aa lirai l as
imulant.
aY'a. PIMSi sqeaatu A iDW&SI ala i.
F. Fty eeamimper hee
HEALTHI BIaUTTll
313030 AND AGMIdT- ,0D-I
FRIERTIDAOULOOAP orBIIAO gl asb
Sand l illia louslr
THE OEBATSLOOOPUlWIUG
E 've lDay ulm in lo
TINT em Iet troie sa.it
Sad o ithr Felraedule ortmi
e ra ptere h wsIti
ame0 at as rmeern
o.urew ..d,, ,
PateslntMeeael M i
StrsAeDWTasPhRMt
te Wt a si rl., -
tb-S AilhN..l s , Ss.s.U
qlhm gg3~u~ing:i