SA real live Democratic paper. i]'hc tie) I
and theefrind oh the EO,.
of no clique or ring. Free ,,rd out pjwkcu
Advertising Bates.
to 65061{,"0 )0 1 1 0 0 ? 2 o
0 0-- .. . t. ,E d it o r & P r o p r ie to r .
4 ~ 00 4)04 $1 0 00s1 5 00x2111
se 1400 1 - 2 • - 1 Published Every SATURDAY Morning
S00 40 - - - Subscrip-tion Rates.
kSUPREM. 140 1300 on 2: 0 5 :110 35o (11)
e"" 2140) .)4 :n.2 t heo . 00 45,104
61 2$300 27 0 O0 3h 04) 4011 00 1 0')
',,o,, 2600 3000,, 00 o,5 04) ,,,, jTHE WELFARE OF THE PEOPLE IS TIlE SUPREME LAW o , . . - -1
, l 3,, 00.15 00),),,nOffcial Organ of the White Citizens of Red River, abin, i and Natchitoches arishes. Ou one1 6p, one yer..... .... 1 .... .
--- _- AlL admertise melnt for le ss owi e ilia Si,
61 0 t 00 0 5 0 0 0 15 7 0 ) O 1 05 1 0 4 ) - - 1 8
s. pquorfs.-_. .......... " -p -- -
$,,.ors,,oreof -VOL . 1 - _-NATeHITOeHES LA., AUCUST 17, 1878.
t. hue BreVier, first mnsertlon. Each Vubae- L I V O A -T-
75m ant'npermure. mn n n n wellai4 noaeiilly, thoj'reistiror, ypIltd the line of Mr. TravelaI's Driving Rats Away Without Poison.
. ........... .... .... .... .. . ..... .......... ,rarin i, the dryest an illn .... D. C u. ' .
Professional Cards.
,.if J, CU"11J'GJl c G lJT l,'
ATTORNEY AT LA W.
St. Denis Street, Natchitoches, La.
UILL practice in the Courts ot Natchitoches,
SV abine, DeSa:to and Red River and in the
aprume Court of the State.
Wix. SE~. JaoL,
(Successor to JACK & PuIOICIN)
Attorney and Counselor at Lawo
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
!gLLpractice in the Courts of Natchit,chelZ.
%1 sbise, Deoto, Red River, Winn, Rapidies,
ud Grit, And in the Supreme Court of the I
5s lat iasim promptly attended to.
Aprtl  18/.
WM K. LEVY. DANIEL C. SCAnRBOR( UGH. T
EY & SCARBOROUGH, a
ATTORNEYS AT LA iW.
TAPING associated themselves will practice
H in the Parish and District, the lith .Iludi
cial )istriet, and In the parishes otf Win and
Grant, Sinrtme Court of Louisiana, U. S. PiA
irict and ircnit courts of Louisina n
Court of Claims at Washington. M
Office in the Lacoste Building s
(Up Stairs.)
NATC HITOCHES, LA.
Aug.3, 1678-ly.
jj*----- Brd
J. H. CUNNINGMHAI
ettorny & t8attngtlor at att',
St. Denis Street,
Natchitoche., : : : : La.
WXTILL give prompt and personal at
V telitIon to Atll iI ºlelrw entrustetl to
his care
Practices in the District and Parish *
Courts in the Parishes of Natchitoches, I
Red River, DeSoto and Sabine, and before
the Supreme Court at Monroe and New 1
OrleanS. Jan 5 '7r-ly. B
Orleans.
JOE/ B. ROBERTSOX, i
(Late of New Orleans,)
lTTORNEY & COUNSELOR AT LAW
COUISHATTA,
RED RIVER PARISHl, LOI'lIAXJ. .
Will practice in Cousbatta, Natchito
ahe, Mansfield, Many, and in every part
*? North-west Louisiana. Special atten
tim given to Land cases and Successions.
Jane 9th, 1877-tf.
tlarLIN. C. F. DRAxNOC T. T. P. CHAPLIN
PLIN, DRAMUET & CHAPIN,
Attorneys at Lawr,
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
RACTICE in the District Courts of
1 Natchitoehes, Sabine, DeSoto and
ed River and in the Supreme Court of
th State. March 2-ly.
j N. B. TUCKER,
Attorney and Counsellor at Law,
OFFICE
St. Denis Street, - - Natchitoche5, La.
ILL practice in the District and Par
W ish Courts of Natchitoches, Sabine
Da~.oto and Red River, and the Supreme
Court of the State.
All business entrusted to his care will
reoeile prompt attention. Apr 13-ly
NiY B AFFORD,
Attornemy at Law,
S NATCHITOCHE8, LA.
O OLice adjourning that of Mr. Jack.
May 18 4mo.
Magistrate.
JOHN I. TUCKER,
M1vagistrate Ward 1.
St. Dm Street, : : Natchitoches, La.
PROMPT attention given to all business
entrusted to his care.
pEO Claims collected at small cost.
ReEbrt to the Bar| Generally.
Sgan 5 8-ly
Business Cards.
J. . Triohlel,
-DEALER IN
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, HARD
WARE, BOOTS and SHOES, HATS,
ETC.
Highest cah price paid for Cotton and
Contry Prbduce.
WASHINGTON, ST., t
NATOHiUHTOCHES, LA.
C. A. BULLAD. N. H. CAMPBELL
3,Bullhad & Campbell,
90ftOODS,
..., h." GROCERIES;
I>u:, .a) kWARE,
l General Merchandise.
Z(tbftOokN, La.
Wqne lho"r 6 L ourw'rafrset,
.aid " ecotton sad
c. L wA , x. K, WALKSL3T
U.L.WALMSLEY & CO,
OQTOI PACTORS
.,;*put; cQfIsstoR cacaTs.
a'; e.w~ o stras,, A-,
,1c UZI sim
1 *~I~rhuaum NAMW~rp L&
;Miscellaneous.
Oh11, that i
S melt
Thaw and
Of iced ch
Or that ti
In l)ana's
Some ligh
flat a
t;nprotitl
To write
So truthf
As to giv
Until sle
y. 1-How the
QI cdy her
t Not tH p
wort
CHILLS, FEVERS, DYSPE'SIA O reen
Female Disorders. Prepared by et
H The Home Bitters Co., St. Loulis, t
Prescribed By Best Physicians, Or re ti
and Sold by Dealers Evorvwhere. (No. 1('s
Denny 4
J UST eU-ENEU. D)e
BOERICKE & TAFEL'S Boots.
O TEOPATHI tAnd P
PHARMACY, 130 Canal Street, Were 01
NEW ORLEANS.
A full stock ofpure andrehiableH mopathic Dikgra
Medicines, as well as Family medicine Cases, St.
end Books in English, German and French con- Married
tantly on handetNew Yoit nes, catn
Go Iil rTo go at
- $50 $100, $200, $500, $1000 With a
J -ALEX. FROTHINGIIAM & CO., (Oh Got
Brokers, No. 12 Wall Street, New York, make real
desirable investments in stocks, which frequent- Even D
ly pay from five to twenty times the amount in- Would
vested. Stocks bought and carried as long as de
sired on deposit of three per cent. Explanatory
circ'lars and weekly reports seut free. If she 11
I at cln
. iDR.BUTTS'o cl
lit- No.12 N. Eighth St. Brewst
to St. Louis, Mo. Paid ll
who had greater experie n the treatment of the ut
b sexual trotubles of both lile and female than anu pnhysician
ein the West glive the results of his lons an successill
9 practice in his twees wsehajuat publshed, entitled
ore The PHYSIOLOGY OF MARRIAGE Ci
ew The PRIVATE MEDICALADVCSER
SBooks that are liralldAid s eo t .stae in ali mt
pes rtainin to lahaid and 1saa..a.d. and suppl
long feltg . They are beauifulll Illusrtdrlltn nplain Wll
Sl.guage, asilty understood. The two bookl embraee l
pages, ndcontain valuable httrntl'5 for both arriedad "t
i , with all the recent improvement in medical t.rtent l I t i
Isad whatourho me a ras :"Tiheknowledgeimparted
in Dr. Unita' new works in no way of uestionable charI it'lt
Smeter but I something that every l a Laid aw. LTh
¥itb. the victim of early indisretlool the Nlsotberwiis little
perfectl healthy maybe,but with wan r in rime
of d the Woman, in m
om the many Ills her se is he ý 4t 11
to."-St. Louis Journal.
. POPCL PRICtllE--O et. e for tl
both In one volume, s i In cloth anR
gilt, s e l. e trnoSent under seal,
to- n ptofprice inmonyor b the mm
part 1The Reedy of he 111h Canary.
ten- tADot Barham's Infallible 11onl
PILE CURE. ,
Manufactured by the
AYIN urrtrsllear.Com.,Darsa5,)N.. their
, aARG Iltaever lls tots ears HerrhOldr egope(
N or Pile' when a ure Is pe .ble.
a, Prh L.t dben Idaoos tiaell have
Lrished applistle e Cllt
Md adison Dispensary, settle
201 S. Clark St., Clhicago, Ill. cape
11. 5lf161W, having So ears expertene. ae
mts SEXUAL AND CHRONIC DI.L'EIN in
both sexes S nrv, SuL, PoiLLC. oalTe.
tL of VOi DY.BILLI, from sexual abuse or
adcesse, poducin IrrUTENCY PIst'LES volt
an o THEh PAC. u e., rendnrnale Log Ra p
rt of iPROP, be poeltielynd ps i that
ntlycured.Willwar tevesY cane. mt~m. t
y.1 t, pages. seers. HIs 353515R GiuilOIL AOIXtAL Bate
PUillOl6, tsac large Iage. II,IX, RATi:D, conutailg bge
willoa thii
13u1 h that wa never befoIapubllnhed, Pice 5ets, Letters o
oend uO ts. for sample ubbber Oood0 ho. by Express 'his
P SRIPTIO FREE T
For the N ) Cure of SeminalWesakness Lost hple
Manhood and all disorders brought on b indi- he
La. cretion or excess. Any Druggist has the ingre
, dients. Address Dr . .JAQUEt A CO., PS.st
Adr Ict Murh 'street, Unclu itI, O. otbe
Tl 2.50.WOveD l/atrsat oveltuthi
` Abg'tlren C Wil. o.dupplytlyC-NNul hvNi hvilb.Te" ut • E
ter i
Swill i(hll
it, 1y. us
t he
usinsl The Greatest Miedical Triunph 1 o an
o.Modern Times ! The -Nlsterious ,a
A. Channel of Di u.e I)contril, ed s il
and a Cdrstain Co'rie Piroin- n
ded. The Stomach, be
Liveri, and Bowels co
thi e Celntre of t.
PARISO'S PCIAlI lE PILLS, itt
A ARD- The Grelt Anti.Billiouns Remedy and e
AeTS, Mlimeatnatic Diesolver. li
PAtSON'S d.
to nd PURGCATIVE PILLS i
Are the result of long-contiured Scien- a'
title investiuatioli,and are Warranted to Idy
By8,w L a. isea&e aordintrg in thie
Stomach, Liver, and Bowels No grip. -
tn pains follonw the use of these Pills. l
ifnlea the Bowele are inflamed; but Re
i,, lief, Immediate Relief, may be relied
hupon. As a Comrmon Family Physic
PARSON'S
PURGATIVE PILLS
WARE, Stand unequaled before the world to-day
Pueet* Prify the Blood and greatly alleviate.
if not entirely cure Dvspepala, Scroful;
oeison aSu or King's Evil, Rose, Erysipeh ttor St
Diseases of the Skin, Salt Rheum. Tet
ter, Ringworm, Sores, Boils, Tumors.
w WxessT Morbid Swelings, Ulcerations, Pimpleb
and Blotches.
EVERY BOX WARRANTED.
Most Complete Satisfaction Guaranteed
or No Pay.
il UTsA. Full directions around each box.
Physicinssupplied by mail, Dolt-paid,
,' C '.. forgO 5p thousand, in bulk, cash ii
advance. We will send these Pills bt
any reliable d;uggist or msrchant to sell
Soncommission. Agente wauted every
9n where.
8, JOHNSON & CO.,
1 JiS B 01, 1411M , rpricrton,
-. L June a3-1)'
3,t wellras
C . l After a
conductee
Hlamlet to himself, and abilit
Oh, that this too, too solid flesh would Ra'jto E
melt mjocra
Thaw and resolve itself into a tub- Densoiral
Of iced chaulpagne.
Or that the everlasting Sun would shine nominati'
In I)ana's office altogether, or throw Louisiana
Some light on Butler s wandering eyes. note that
lh pahaw ! oh shucks ! how weary, stale, no partli
tint and without 1
l'nprotitab'e it was for Mrs. Jenks ions or r
To write.lolahn Sherman's letter for him ! or r
so truthful a man ! So gentle to Eliza in the pa
As to give her a rest on a bran new sofa, tlelnein %
Until she told the visiting statesmen has just
How the Bulldozers made mince meat of stIanuch I
her- followers
Not to speak of that five hundred dollars three mee
worth nation c
Of greenback consolation ! throngh I
SAnd yet six months-six little months, varying I
Or ere those Sunday-go-to-meeting hoes, tests the
(No. 10's. and brought on time from tests the
Denny O'Brien, Wholesale and Retail aspirantc
Dealer in in which
Boots. Shoes, Bird-shot, Head handker- nunities
S chiefs As betwi
And Patent Medicines, Delta Lonisiana ) worth at
Were old, with which she followed l, very
Dinkgrave and Brewster to "'l'arlor A" but a e
St. Charles Hotel, reached
- Married an "uncle"-an aunty Republi- c
certain
caln,
- To go and join gibbets united s
0 With a Democratic Uncle! Major
). (Oh God ! a beast that wants discourse of a gentle
e reason ry fitne'
- Even Dr. Mary Walker. he has 1
t'- Would have put on breeches, cier he
Turned lobbyist or taken the lecture field and he I
If she had been Eliza). fit i
linBut blast her Ethiopian carcass! fit him
'r go and let the cat out of the bag; the duti
'ro claw John Sherman, and all because possessi
t. Brewster turned ea'ings bank, and tact ant
lo. Paid her a dividet d of fifty dollars knowle'
theOut of five hundred. necessa
n -Vicksburg Commercial. of the o
Eor grasd
(E City Press on the Nominatlon, curacy
mat The Picayune. account
jia When we consider the character will ma
mand itd capacity of all the gentle- R'd the
ý men who were aspirants for the posi- o
r iotn, it is at the first glance a men ov
Wt little difficult to account for the stub- nation,
Surness even approaching despera- com el
,ion which characterized the struggle could
for the Treasuryship at the Baton nomint
Rouge Convention. There was no arer.
question at all that either Mr. Rich- Mj
Srdson, Mr. Moncure, or Mr. Burke too we
Sauonld discharge the duties of the of- whole
lice with ability and fidelity. After lation
the friends of each had expressed efficet
l.e. their choice, we might naturally have behalf
rhod. expected that one of them whould l'vei
a have been withdrawn, and then, of positi
course, the result would have been ans.
ry, settled by a single ballot. This es- recogt
i. cape from 'the deadlock we might affaire
, have looked for with the more reason, eion,
, since there was really no principle in- stance
'il5 volved in the contest. The truth is in out
that the city members had gone to we am
si! t Baton Rouge pretty thoroughly im- most
l bued with the idea that the position and
Stwlonged of right to New Orleans for party
-'his term, and they were not disposed that 1
ET to "give up the ship" while there was electi
.At a plank left to fight from. On the -N.
d le- other hand, the feeling was equally
strong in the country that one or the
other hand, the feeling was equally
strong i tthe country that one or the
other of the aspirants from that quar- Mr
ter should have the place. Add to stree
this that the several leaders were sus- his g
rained by unusually well-disciplined tion
followiIngs, hardly ever in tile history been
'f nominating conventions have so turn
many unvarying ballots been suc- set, i
cessively cast. kle t
Buit when at last, by the operation cool
,,f the plan proposed by the comnpro- Mise
misne comliittee, the country and the who
city were brought face to face, each ep
,vith a single representative, it is re- and
nasikable that the greater number of toris
She country delegates went over to had
the city nomlinee and gave him the won
victory. This matter, hb.,wever, is no dow
.mystery to the initiated. Tile contest had
was vi tually settled when on the third mig
informal ballot Mr. Burke's f'iends frau
P ol inited upo Mr. Richardson, and and
t hus got rid of the stronger antago- the
s nist. It would have been still posst- v
d ole to unite thIe two counotry factions zle
and thus secure a majority, had there aE
not been an i, recoltcilable difference mi
betweeu those two faction growing van
.mt of a former complication at the po
convention of 1876. It had been in c
the power of the supporters of Mr. the
Richardson to give the nomination at in
any timle during the progress of the yoi
S t ruggle to \tr. Moncure, and when pe
i ~t last Mr. Moncure. was thrown out ru
, d 'f the contest, and it was left to his y
friends to say who should receive the hi
,romination, it was not in human na- a
ture-not in political human nature, *tt
eeitainly-that they should so far re- ad
Surn good for evil as to carry the palm wl
I S- ver to Mr. Richardson. They very re
ut d naturally preferred to side with the y
in th friends of Mr. Burke. It is further ,
Noorip p, aid that certain combliation bear- m
ills. ug on the congressional nomination at
b ut Re- fir th9jSecond District were not with- in
Srelied ,nt influence in determining this pre- sI
i ference. it
Well, it is all over, and little boots B
SL L is now to tell how the fight was lost h
I and won. It was, in the parlance a
,fto-day "the boys," mig.hty pretty jight, j
d ieteand if the friends of all the contes- a
eiate. tants in that spirited struggle will fi
rorooal; aally around the nominee with the t
aa or St same earnestness and persistaence r
irdptive which they displayed in the conven
enm. Tet lo, there can be no doubt as to the I
Tumors. Shal result. t
, Piple t As regards Major Barke himself,
we have ahleady expressed in unmis
takable ternas our indoreenlent of his
LNTED. didacy. For his past services he
huaranteed deserves well of the State. We have
just had occasion to observe his con
nulmate skill as a political taetician;
ac box. but Major Burke is something tore
ostspid han a diplomatist. lie is a great or
i ganizer, an indefatigable worker, and
ai to ell ae has had a thorough business train
e ry- ig and experience which have pre
pared hint specially for the duties he
ill have to performh. Another and
o., an important qualifcation he posses
riter, ses in a osirtlro armesa whi wil
lead him to deolare himself actoaJliy,
.is wellas nojinally, the T'reasurr. yfi. tl
After a long and earnest struggle, that car
conducted with unusual pertinacity flagrtiol
and ability on all sides, the Baton against t
Rouge Convention has nomiunated and befo
Major E. Burke for Treasurer on the corner t
Democratic ticket. It has been a long suits for
while since such a subborn fight for a Mr. Tree
nomination has been witnessed in By th
Louisiana; yet we are rejoiced to pretty th
niote that the struggle was marked by inanipult
no partisan bitterness, and passed off quited ti
without leaving behing it any divis- eral edua
ions or rancouts that portend trouble to men a
in the party. Eich of the three gen- to the
tlemen who contended for th e iz e'et mili
has just cause to be proud ot the toithill
staunch devotion of his friends and carrying
followers. It is seldom, indeed, that spreadio
three tmen have been placed in nomi- whereve
nation who were able to retain shouted,
through so many ballots the same un- hat-rack
varying support. This fact alone at- when ii
tests the very high character of the hallanam
aspirants, and the exalted estimation she shri
in which they are held by the cor world ic
- munities where they are best known. she bent
As between gentlemen of such great ale and
worth and influence, it was necessari- finger.
ly very difficult to make a choice, followed
but a selection having at last been startled
reached, the successful candidate is in less t
certain to receive the hearty and in the
united support of the entire party. room all
Major E. A. Burke, the nominee, is a succet
a gentleman of far more than ordina
ry fitness for the position to which
he has been nominated. As a finan
cier he has no superior in the State,
and he posseesss many qualities which Rebel
fit him peculiarly for the discharge of Greenb
the duties of State Treasurer. He it tas
possessed at once of the shrewdness, old ai
tact and diseretion, and the thorougl got thio
knowledge of details, which are so
necessary to the efficient management HARftI
of the office. He combines the broad- Bh(
er grasp of the financier, and the ac
curacy and method of the thorough Gen. H,
accountant. These varied talents
er will make him a most valuable official, Dear
e - and, without disparagement to either langoa
ii of the able and accomplished gentle- the il
a men over whom he secured the nomi- great I
b. nation, we can safely say that a more to nom
a- competent man than Major Burke ignore
le could not have been selected as the respec
on nominee for the position of Tress- patriot
party
ore uar Burke's political history is rest,
ke too well known to the people ot the means
~f whole State to require any recapito- must
ter lation at our hands. His able and that I
led efficient services at Washington in other I
we behalf of the Nicholls government ots I
ald have served to give him a very high howei
of position in the esteem of Louisiani- that a
ron ans. Perhaps he owes to the public stance
es- recognition of the capacity for public found
ght affairs he manifested on that occa- meet,
on, sion, more than to any other circum- you v
in- stance, the influence lie has attained and A
in our State politics. In any event, You
to we are satisfied that he will make a state
im- most efficient and trustworty official, will 1
ion and will receive the full vote of the "Abs
forparty. As it is by no means likely or wi
,sed that he will have any opposition, his quire
was election may be regarded as assured. apar
the -N. O. Democrat. other
ally
the Sprinkling the Streets. glad
ally --
the I Burlington Hawkeye.] ago I
nar- Mr. Trevelyan, who lives on Court e
,d to street, has had trouble already with tree
sus- his gardeu-hose. Since the introduc- tend
ned tion of the Holly water system it has mdoi
or y been the delight of Mr. Trevelyan to s
so turn himself into a pipeman at sun
euc- set, and with his garden-hose sprin- man
kle the tllirsty street with the clear, a
tio cool waters of the mighty Mississippi.
pro- Miss Norah Donavan, a young lady n
Sthe who is connected with the culinary glge
each department of Mr. Trevelyan's house,
a re- and is also superintendent of dorni to
r of tories and general overseer of earpets, der
'r to had often watched, as her duties t
the would permit, this process of cooling I a
i no down tile streets at eventide, and she on
ntest had been heard to wish that this duty 0h
t tird might be intrusted to her. She fionnally h
end s framed her wish in a direct petition, tly
and and last evening she entered upon ed
a to- the active duties of her new office.
pssi- When Miss Donavan took the nox- "o
tio on ale from the hands of her ma.ster, it ht
t tere was pointed almnost directly at tihe gi
r rnce middle of tihe street, and Miss Dona s o
wwi ng van conscientiously retained it in thisl Ti
t t he position, while her whole frame was
o in conlvulsed with delight. Presently
f Mr. there came dashing down thle street,
ln at in a light, open phlaeton, two happ3 e
of t he young people. In vain the male young we
when person shouted, "Hi, there, I say; ir
n out turn her off!" and in vain the felnale ti
o his young person shrieked and essayed to sr
ye the hide behind a parasol no larger than at
n na- a water lily. Miss Donovan only b
o are, stared at them and wondered if per- P
ar re- adventure they might be crazy, and
p epl when they passed through the tor
Svery rent they came out on the other side, t
ih the very sad, very silent and very damp, C
nfrther not to say limp. Then the gentle
bear- man who lives next door came out g
oation and called to her as he approached, '
twiith- intending to instruct her her how to
15 pre- shut off the deluging stream or turn
it aside when any one approached. f
Sboots But Miss Donovan, hearing him call a
as lost her name, said, "Sorr " and tamned
parllce about and faced him with the noszzle
y jighg, doing its level best, wide open and a
cocet- fire pressure on. He turned with the C
gle will first shot and fled for his own door,
ith the the cooling stteam following him eve
siite te ry inch of the way, like an angel of
iovev- e mercy in disguise. But by the time
to t he he reached his own door, he was so
thoroughly drenched that his sus
bimself, penders mildewed. Then a North
nuni- Hill street-car came rattling down,
t of his an open, summer car, just crowded
vce s he with people coming in from a picnic
Ye have at Sunoonyside, and when they heard
iis con the driver shout, and then dodge, and
tticcan; then swear, they saw their fate and
gg ior oe Miss Dnovan, and just howled and
rertor- wailed and screamed, and tried to get
rer, and behind each other, and orept under
a trtin- the seats, nd some of them even
Iae ppe- jumped off the car, and all of them,
dntles le by their fratc gestures, wild shrieks,
ther and an ingular behavior,impressed Miss
a posses- Donovan with the idea thar they
wo will wqr dres'adhy droonk. Tbhearee
.cul.,t pasid c, andm when twas he
ynd tile line of Mr. TraveIl~an's' IDrivling
garden stream, the dryest man ini
that car could have put out a can- We ka
flagration by simply leaning back the old I
against the house that was burning, ed, chielf
and before the car reached the next it a ape
corner there wete four well-defined deep tub
suits for damages fixed up against and alit
Mr. Trevelyan. like an
By this time Miss Donovan was place fo:
pretty thoroughly convinced that the trap is c
manipulation of a garden-hose re- ante-val
quiued that broad judgment and lib the niidc
eral education and shrewd insight in. fried pot
to men and motives that belong only when thi
to the a istocratic classes, and she cheese I
de'er mined to resign her position the rat
forthwith. She went into the hall, lack in
carrying the nozzle with her, and from the
spreading desolation and dismay tub by i
wherever she went. "Whist!" she bed wit
shouted, as Ate torrent drenched the walk ii
hat-rack. "Marther !" she howled, In the c
when it knocked the globe off the twenty,
Shall-lamp. "Misther Trevelyan !" down, a
she shrieked, "where on the wide tley we
world is the athopper ?" And then the m,
she bent over the irrepressible noz- around:
t zle and essayed to stop it with her tle islan
- finger. The howl of dismay that them, h
followed this attempt brought the of press
n startled family up into the hall, and for tile
A in less than three minutes every seat island,
dlin the house was taken, standing- stronge
room all gone, and the play declared session,
a success. New Ye
b the Frii
Texas Politics. hole is
Austin Statesman. most ca
walks
Rebertson county, it is claimed, is these t
Greenback community. Not long ago which i
it was a Radical community. The the resl
,' old Radical leaders claim they have cality,
got things their own way now. all the
ut HARt"BRICK "JINES" "FIAT" GREEN- it and
BACK PARTY AND THE COUNTY ing the
c- IS SAFE. ing the
Third,
ts Gen. H, C. Still, G. B. said to
al, Dear Sir-To use the expressive land.
er language of the venerable MacawLer ite A
le- the undersigned is floored. 'The
i- great Democratic convention refused cage,
ire to nominate me for office and utterly cravnio
ke ignored my eminent fitness in every fight,
he respect. I now fly for relief to the by the
0- patriotic, "absolute" "fiat" Greenback the fig
party as being the only haven where weake
is rest, plenty, and last, but by no n till
the means least, office, may be found. It this o
to- must not be understood, however, the ot
md that I seek office. In common with has n,
in other distinguished "absolute" patri flesh
ent ota I scorn such a thing. It is proper, dom,
gh however, to state in-in parenthesis, e m
mi- that should an office seek me, for in- short
ilic stance the Treasury, I will be easily ed by
blic found. The convention will soon come
ea- meet, and I learn that it is probable has I
n- you will be nominated for Governor,
ned and Alphabet Loe be chief '-clipper."
eat, You know, instead of a Secretary of
rea state we will have what I presume It
al, will be called the office of "clipper." the 1
the "Absolute" greenbacks are printed, Webi
9ely or will be;printed, in sheets, and it re- film,'
bis quires that they be et, or "clipped" fil 1
red. apart bef'-re their issue to the people. them
Loe is eminently fit, by education and for."
otherwise, to fill the office, and I am All
glad he will get the appointment. Le
Your questions, issued some time man;
ago to the patriots, have been shown were
omert n.. I answer in the affirmative. Loui
with Greenbacks must be made full legal lhave
dac- tender for all debts, and must be is- "car
has issued and protected by the govern- Stat,
h at mi as at a par with gold col, and Noy
as suck the world und the balance of Kan
n- mankind must receive it. All United ML
rn- States bonds must be immediately Gov
'ear, called in and paid in full, principal "J
p. and interest, in "absolute," "fiat,
ary greenback money. The "absolute," Cler
our 'fat" money will have no "promise Bo
rne, to pay" on it, but, instead, wiil have: Stea
t"This es'fiat' money. I am legal ten- Stri
tie der for everything and for everybody. PS
(ing I am at par with gold." But, my Var
d sle dear Gen. Still, G. B., I am not much Ta
on finance. nlodeed, I am so treak Tr
inaly when I touch the subject I can hard the
ly raise five dollars. I understand e
uthis is a failing with other distinguish- Ma
e. ed patriots, hence I ask you who are B
n so well up in the financial problem, Cl.
thr, g ow the mischlief the government is Hil
it th g"ing to keep our "absolute," "fiat," Ca
DoanIIey at par with gold, whlen all
u this the bonds are paid off in "fat" money? the
SThe value of this sort of money will we
set be nearly $3,000,000,000, or nearly "a
n e four time the eirculation, when by se
happ reason of its cheerful plentifulness, it W
yu was not worth 70 cents on the dollar. ha
say; And, if I remember correcty at this 16k
e nale time, the government, with a mighty ey
myd to army at its back, made a desperate
'tha ttempt to keep its legal tender green
h only backs at par with gold. It made it a TI
f er- penal offense to buy and sell gold at
ay and a premium in greenhbacks. The effort
he ar-was a miserable failure, &ad legal a
er ideteonder depreciated more than ever. i
damp, Can we succeed any better now F I le
gentle remember also that one or two other U
ne out governments attempted to create "ab- P
ached, solunte fiat" money, and all persona 8
ho who refused to take it as the equiv- d
oow to alent of gold and silever, were cheer- o
r o fully decapitated. But it was no go.
him call The "absolute flat" money became
I tuned utterly worthless, and the distinguish
noele ed statemen who conceived the brillian t
noad a financial scheome went into bankrupt c
with they and retired from publio life. Will ,
ne door, w do the same ? It will be a good I
ur eved idea to have the following plank in
angel of trted in our platform at Waco. "We
ge time demand that all taxes be dispensed,
S wa so with, and that all g6vernment ex
s s ns- pees, national State and municipal,
a orth be paid by issue of 'absolaute' 'fiat'
gdoow money." I will meet you in Waco.
wd I write this in bed while my onlr
a oeni shilrt is being washed. As soon as it
y ear dries I will see the disaffected Demo
ide and cratic leaders and oiffer to show their
faetand horse in the Greenback arena at
wle and W5s Iam fally determined to do
led get all 1b to serve the country if I
d have to spend the last dollar my
e t ven friends have. t
of them, "Thine for the right." . +1
issr rieks,
ed Miss P. 8.--If Lee won't ha of
tha tey Cipper, and noother ispoffe will
Mb W sd 0Pt Of t, I hae to get an office or
s o to worLk
Driving Rats Away Without Poison. OUR
We know of three methods: First, In the
the old French plan. This is follow- now bein
ed, chiefly in Paris, by men who make dispositi,
it a special business. They take a to select
deep tub, with water on the bottom corrected
and a little elevation in the middle Democra
like an island, on which is only a sure, but
place for just ore rat to sit on. The trained a
trap is covered and has a large bal- men, all
ance-valve, opening downward. On and, if
the middle of this valve a piece of enough i
fried pork or cheese is placed, and come ionf
when the rat walks on to it to get the of value
cheese the valve goes down, drops country.
the rat into the water, and moves puts the
back in position. A road is made other me
from the rat-hole to the top of the hence; I
tub by means of pieces of board rub- proved
bed with cheese, so as to make the the only
walk more attractive for the rats. ing new
In the course of the night, some ten, the IIon
twenty, or even more rats may go is not bi
down, and if the island was not there the man.
they would be found most all alive in become
the morning, quietly swimming try and I
around; but the provision of the lit- Ben I
tle island saves the trouble of killing gression:
them, because their egotistic instinct agitator
of preservation causes them to fight nia to m
for the exclusive possession of the publishe
island, on which, in the morning, the he did
strongest rat is found in solitary pos- thefts in
session, all the others being killed or times.
drownded around him. Second, the high hol
New York plan, invented by one of them fry
the Friends. The floor near the rat- the fello
hole is covered with a thin layer of a a gener
most caustic potassa. When the rats himself
walks on this it makes their feet sore; ganisati
these they lick with their tongues, a man a
which makes their mouths sore, and to a n
the result is that they shun the lo- seems ti
cality, not alone, but appear to tell in the 1
all the rats in the neighborhood about 15 year
it, and eventually the house is entire- gencies,
ly abondoned by them, notwithstand. pects in
ing the houses around are full of rats. that att
Third, the Dutch method. This is Gene
said to be used successfully in Hol- Commit
land. We have, however, not tried oaries c
r it. A number of rats are left to army,
e themselves in a very large trap or are on 1
i cage, with no food whatever. Their Ihe GE
9 craving hunger will cause tCm to to wha
. fight, and the weake-t will be eaten the Col
by the strongest. After a short time this wil
k the fight is renewed, and the next of Con
weakest is the victim, and so it goes Soati
o on till one strong rat is left. When in re-i
[t this one has eaten the last remains of Offcer
, the others, it is set loose. The animal ton.
h has now acquired such a taste for rat out or
. flesh that he is the terror of all rat- there
r dom, going about seeking what rat Hampi
' he may devour. In an incredible Old
o short time the premises are abandon- wiser
Ly ed by all other rats, which will not than
in come back before the cannibal rat latter
le has left or died.-Ex. scienti
- ecies,
All Hands Provided For. and Si
of From the Hartford Times. the lo
ne It was John Sherman's promise to Raib
P." the hesitating Anderson and Don bot
id, Weber that if they would only "stand Ker
efit min," and make false returns, a grate- exper
d" ful party would never forget it of us to
le. them, and they should be "well cared peen
nd for."
All hands have been provided for.
Let us see. There are a good
me many of them, first and last, who
wn were concerned in the Florida and
ve. Louisiana iniquity; but the they Th
gal have been quietly looked after and Ra
is- "cared for. Only look at the two for tl
rn- States: ty mi
pad eNoyes of Ohio.....i... ister to Franue. ,
of Kaseon of Iowa......Milnster to Austria. pape
ted BMcLin ........sJs tice to N. Mexioo. g
elyGuo. Stearns..Com'r of the Hot Sprins. gent
,pal "Judge" Cassna-P-----Posttmaster. bani
at"Black-. ...... In the Treusury. era,
,, Vance....In the Post O'fice Departm't.and
t Clerk Howell-......Collector of Customs. gies,
0150 Bowlee otLeoc ......Inthe Treasury. be
e: Stearn's Secretary......In the Treasury. mon
ten- Striker Maxwell. Lieutenant in the Army
ndy. Phelps......ommi uiiouer tO Paris. n
my Varnum.----......Rceiver Land Office. Itci
ic Taylor, Couty clerk ....In Land Olffice. day
rek Truly a good list; here are a few of ind
d the Louisians aranetaents :itpo
land Kellogg-,--.--...... ited States Senator. pu"
Tom Anderso - ......eteto r of Cstom s. re
Marks . Tax Colleotor. loni
a re Bewaster........... SeSn yor General.
Clark ........... In the Treasury. 'I
nt is Hill............N ..... aval Storekeeper a
hat," Campbell ......U. S.. Dist. Attorney. the
al Thpere are others. Andnot one of
nnyt them ean remember how the returns the
will were forged. But they have been dri
sarly "well cared for." John 8herman thr
s by seems to have taken a liberal share. tw
a,, it We find no fewer than eight that he ,u
hilar. has taken noder his wings. And t he
t tis Ioks as if Mr. Hayes had "had anso b
ight y eye" on things. en
'ren- THu CorroN-WoRM COMMIssIION. -
e t The department of agriculture has or a
gid at anized, through.Prof. Riley its entomo- ye
effort logist, a commilssion to examine the cot- ag
laton.worm and other insects injur one to wi
leagricultural plants. Besides Prof., Riley, ,t
ever.it onsists of Prof. A. R. Grote, of Buffs- di
r I Prof. J. HL Comstoek, of Cornell
other University, and several local observers. hi
"ab- Prof. Grote will leave New Yo'rkfor the
eh South in a few days, and will Visit Fior
da and eorgia. Prof..Comstoek is .1- vi
confined to Aabama
no go. work will be continued during the sum
e came mor and fall, and be resumed in the
giisl sprilg. Professor Grote, afer obeerva- C
rillian tons eending over five years in the a
krrp cotton belt, found that the cotton-worm t
war migratory, following the coast line I
m good and extending over the countryT fitm
8 n Iouth to North The movements obf the
Wmoth mae favored by the prevailing winds
over ties eotton stq t~ The wl'rm, 5e
p used ording to profe~or Grote, s not mndi
tt ex non to the South bat esae from the I
D cip, west oudies and Mexico, wlhere nthe
S'iat lant is perennial and the Incsest fnative.i
Wac. It fails to survive the 8outhern wtinter.
I so that every year there is a fresh impor
in as h tatiou. At the same time, the professor
Demo- thinks, the moth may live through the
winter in certain parts of Florida and
Texas and along the coast of Georgia.
ena at ie is specially commissioned to study
try If nnarto in order to recommend
o md that the iomnetio which has
wai nundertrae lle be heiiked until
Triesent. reurlts ax .baimled4 oY
OUR WASHINGTON LE TT E It.
WASxImNGTON D. C., Aug. 1:I, Is7.
In the nominations for Congress
now being made, there is too inuch
disposition on the part of I ten,'rats,
to select now men. If this is not
corrected the result will be a1 mob of
Democrats-a thajority mlob, to ho
sure, but not less a mob--anaiist a
trained army of Radicals. Excellent
men, all the new nominees may be,
and, if permitted to remain long
enough in the House they may be
come influential Representatives, and
of value to their party and their
country. But the same spirit which
puts them forward to-day may put
other men in their places two years
hence ; Death, voluntary retitemtent,
proved incapacity or dishonesty, ate
the only sufficient reasons for send
ing new men in the place of old to
the House of Representatives. This
is not because the office belongs to
the man, but because the man, having
become valuable, belongs to his coun
try and his party.
Ben Butler declines fnrther Con
gressional honors, denies that the
agitator Kearney, came from Califor
nia to meet him by appointment, and
publishes papers that seem to show
he did not personally profit by his
thefts in the South during the war
times. He is evidently looking for
high honors, and as certainly expects
them from the "new party." Out of
the fellowship of Democrats for half
a generation, he has lately thrown
t himself outside the Republican or
ganization. Remembering how near
a man so corrupt as Blaine is, came
to a nomination two years ago, it
seems to me that Butler's chance was
in the party he has belonged to for
15 years. But he is a man for enmer
gencies, and may see brighter pros
pects in the disorder and confusion
that attend the birth of a new party.
B General Burnside is here. Hlis
- Committee agreed upon the prelimi.,
I naries of a plan for reorganizing the
o army, and the individual niembers
r are on their way home to think it over.
r I'he General is dumb as an oyster as
0 to what was proposed or agreed to by
n the Committee. If the secret is kept
e this will be the first one a Committee
t of Congress ever succeed in keeping.
's South Carolina Democrats did well
n in re-nominating the present State
f Officers, including Governor Hamp
sl ton. Whenever Patterson's time is
it out or he is expelled, as he should be,
t- there is a seat in the Senate for
it Hampton.
le Old meteorological observers here,
n- wiser in their day ard generation.
t than "Old Probabilities," because the
at latter depends wholly on so called
scientific data as a basis for its proph
ecies, predicted that Meeting
and Sch uetzenfest war break
the long drauth, ant' 'ight.
t Rain storms and thunder em,.,wcrs
o about every day this week.
nd Kearney is coming, but our long
to: experience with demagogues enanies
of us to tell one at a glance; besides, the
d manner and matter of the agitator's
speeches betray him.
ALBION.
)od --c-
rho Political.
D.d
Iey The New Orleans Picayune says :
ind Radicalism in the South collapses
w for the want of money to run the par
ty machinery, money to publish news
ri. papera, money to support perpatetic
L). organisations, money to tempt intelli
gent white Southeron men who are
sr. bankrupts in principles to act as lead
ury. era, money to pay for the fabrications
i't.t and circulation of political mythlolo
ois. gies, money from the school funds to
Iry. be distributed for party service,
Smoney from interest funds to expend
a on wigwarms and torchlight fiolics.
m. It collaptes because there has conie a
le. day when the people of the Republic
w of ind it disgraceful and dangerous to
iuphold local usurpers by military
ator. power, and because the people are
ose. resolved to tolerate intruders no
ttor. longer.
. Thl e Nlew York Herald says:
eper "We can hardly see a poasibility of
rey. the Republicans recovering the HIouse
Iot Of Representatives which they lost in
tr s the elections of 1874. The whole
been drift of political tendencies is against
rman them. The President they elected
hare two years ago has not proved popular
i even in his own party, and although
nd it the quarrel is noderstood to have been
d an hushed, the Republicans can feel no
enthusiasm for a chief whom their or
gans have bee accustomed to, belittle
and deride. The people at laige fa
o vor economy; and most of the extrav
he co-agant legislation of the late session
one to was the work of the republican Sen
iley, ate, which repressed the frugal ten
Bufff- dencies of the Democratic House.
ornell 'the Potter investigation may not
levrs. have moeh effect; bat its effect, so far
fortheas it hias say, wilhlot be for the ad
S.vantage of the Republican party."
t. The A new anecdote of the rebellion is
as follows: "At the close of the war,
n bea- Gen. Joe. Johnston met in Baltimore
i ta younog man who had enjoyed undis
u-oorm tarbed the social delights, of that rc
ast line belioas city, and who said to him,
1ffom''Well, General, we are coonquered,
hth e but not asubdaed." "Were you in the
iwis id service, young man '" asked the
ot doGeneral. '"No, sir, I had not that
fo b honeor." "Then, my friend," said Mr.
re th e Johnston, '·'n -may not be subdued,
tinative. bt am."
hmo r He got ip one mornng feeling
gte heavy at heart, without knowing the
ri an d asuse. He went to the backdoor, and
loorgia. there saw his garden, the pride of his
to s tudy waking hours and the subject of his
ich m st dreams, looking like an editor's office.
omend Ie sat 'dowin' d the door-step and
i ocon- said, "Of all and words of tongue or
lMT e Tpen the maddest are these: I keep a
matter of hen V'-D.Es. '"-".
biih a Why should they call the beautiful
ss unti ne U dl tof the period, when she
S don't make a full stop'