OF 1'i('I- 1
Paper ofhe Parish and ('itv oF'aarhitrirhrs
I;t. 'II)S(AYV, - dlY tor.
SA tYI.Y - ---- L 2,1 7
Hayes' Policy No Policy.
The use of arliitrary power for
the past sixteen years, from the
hour that Seward first ''tinkled
his little bell" to the moment 't hat
NeTrohriand overturned a lawful
legislature with the halonets of
the United States a1111y, has beenI
the rule; violations of the ('on
stitutiont, the rights of citizens
and the fundamieiital priuniples of
our liberty byl indiviiduals clothied
with a little brief autihority, have
heen so f iei uent. that Mien, per
chatnce, a man is elevated, no ia'.
ter bey what form, to thie positioni
ofChieif M agistate antd proceeds
at once to net as the (Conistitutionii
andl the laws hirict, the mIIass of
menc in this country ilnitediately
declare the nets of that man the
rcesilt ,i a policy,
San c least is Mr. Hayes' oh
ser Lcu.e of the ('ucisti it ion and
laws of the count ry designated.
and by a great nuIImher of 1people
ton, who should kuiowV better.
It is not 0111' purpose to disviiss
how Mr. Hayes nequired tIhe posi
tion of President. When our
Iparty submiittedl a political uces
tion to the aritrainment of fifteen
politicians, eight of' whom were
)opposed to themu, they had no
right to expect any other result.
.uit fir. Hayes is in, and it be
hooves Its as la practical people, to
make the most of' a bad bargain,
if it is a bad hargain.
MIr. Haves has no piolicy, how
ever, which is not in strict ac
corda(nce with the constitiution;
therefore Ilii so called "'policy" is
siiiplyh i a duty performed, that
is recquired by law antd by his
oath theirennder. If he had (lone
anythinig else than hie has dlone,
hie would have, no tloubt, pleased
inuinensely the hneli and Morton
howlers of the North, as well as
the Packard and Chaml~bellain
robbers of the Soutlh,-but, he
would have violated his oatli and
the coistitution, nevertheless, to
say nothing of the platform of
principles enunciated iy his par
ty, had hle done so.
Because Mr. IIHayes by a simple
observance of law andt his oath,
has allowed the South "ihonle
rule," we do niot see the pecessity
for the quantity of' "gush" being
indulged in that is; be cause MIr.
HIIayes has refused to violate the
constitution, as his predecessor
did, and overturn State govern
mnents o01 the demand of 'alien
bummers," whose palpable anti
avowed object was to plunder a
people they pretended to have
hueen chosen to rule, we (o not
see any reason why it should ble
namnedl particularly "Iaye's poli
cy," or that we should he cllead
upon to sing peanus daily to this
newly discovered observer of sol
emn obligations.
We (1o not desire, mind you, to
detract one single iota of the mer
it from. Mr. Hayes which lie is en
titled to for having done his duty,
but we most emphatically coni
plain against all this "American
gush" over haimn-simply bcen use
Ic has done that duty required of
him by that constitution iie has
sworn to observe. We admit too,
that not one man in ten thousand
in Mr. Hayes' situation, brought
to the surface by those who did
bring him, placed in power by the
men and through ie means that
he was, would haav'e acted as lie
did. We give him credit also for
being for these reasons an extra
ordtinary man, It we *contenid
that his official acts have been, so
far, the rsuhlt of a strict observ
ance of the constitution of our
country, andh the traditional prin
ciples which underlie our form of
government, and are not the re
sult of what is termed a "special
p)olicy."
When Mr. Hayes goes beyond
what the law lays (iown; when
ever ho launchesoutuponla. theory
now unknown, as to the rights of
the people and the Mtates of this
Union, be the ends of that theory
for good or evil, then Mr. Hayes
can be said to have a "policy ;"
but, so long as he adheres to a line
of conduet in* strict accordance
with the constitution, and follows
the beaten highway pursued by
the Presidents who have gone be.
fore him, from Washington to
Bachanan, he is simply doing his
duty, and will receive the praise
its due regard aud performance
merit.
Radical Moan for D::xctd Schools
Emerson lientley in the ID)onaldsoin
rille (Chi; hitherto a pap' organ of
c \\=artath and Kellogg low'"eminent.
ly conservative," has this to say in
" condilllninig the action of the School
Board of the city of New Orleans in
separating the white and black cliilI
* I
d ten In the public sihiols:
"('all(i (overnor Nicholls coesistentI
r ly" =peak of the Cleary- guarvan)tced
Iights of the eolored people in the
(ischools as "simply a matter of fiel
1 inii," ill teard to %%hich he is bpow
i- IesS to act''
TII- ltlt1 0 i :I:T4.
The e ects of l this ill -advised, ille
gil iia nrte of separating thle races
ii' th llescho1l, whic' h ithe city, haoad
attttmtpts without ltenlneratie c lbukeh
ail not 'he tIistakl en. It briiie:ls upl
that onion of the p~eopile, so necc n"ry
ffog thle peace of the Staite. and iliats
the cuilir line reimorselesslv ill the
hlie of the most solemn pledges an
a siniimistintion could possbhly put
oliiit for its guide. It is coni pletelY
at. vat lance ' ith all correct ideas of t
" the repnhbiican form of government.
1and lightly aronses the indignaltiot
of the ciolorecd phiole. The act oft
separaition ii itself is ian atteimpt to
fasten a1 stigmia upon Ithe race, for
which no hunlevd words can atone.
They simply demand the tights of
American freemen and nothing more;
L, they wonil ie unwoithy of the great I
bioon coniferied Iiiiiont) i tii i' they ii
Ipatiently snubitted lto less.
lThe "lI liouron element" iof course
Sconies in for a heavy share of E. Il's
u fierce dinunciali -n. "BrIoken pled
g is," "Violated law", art' copiouslsl
iljoteul byi this learned Doctor -who
a I'ticed in a caimi) that never kept
a pledge oi oieved a law. Be this
ias it maiy, however, the tilt with at
straw of this modern Don Quixote is
- (SilV m01t.
Laws passed in all solemn form, iby I
S agnates, lie they ever so lear ined,
that are at variance with nature's
.mandates are hut as wasted pi per. t
Publdic schools, although foiunided byi l
Slaws of humtan enactment, munst be
tegulati-i! by social rules, by nature's t
wants, else they become dead letteis. I
lihe jioliticians of the Soutl, and I
when we say politician we do not c
mean that tIc n to apply to the dem
agogue aindi the trickster, of which
Scliass, the a ticle referred to clentaly
t prove, Edinctlenson lientleIy belongs, but
i we mean the statesmen anid thinkers
of lthe South, are deeiply inteiested
in the edna tiion of the negro. The
reasoins for that interest are mianitfest º
to all piactical minds and need not
le I peanted ; but those politicians are
Snot in favour of a social diegradation
of their- own race in order to (1liapeta
' the elevation of the black.
1rLet Nellie, white, and Cfiy, black, 1
att endil school together; drink ti isdoii
f tioni the same aspring of knowledge,I
is touched, and when mIartied what
C rae springs ull) as the piogelly fo tli is
V alliatice of extremes in ci vilzat ion 7
c Hus the astate lentley lgooked e
then hisa nose on whis iat jet, as le he
seemis tio have cl e lii tiadering t lie
t, e togogical appeal to the blacks "to
deiatd the i ighuts of Anet ivcan free
men !" Bentley, we fear-, is of that
class who hiav'e been intlered to roam
tl at large simply because theie was no
a haoiin in them save the anutioance to
C the public ea by their noise iun other
It words, Bentley is an ass. It's a great
C Pity that Bentley didl not (lie wit Ii
i. the ''early flowers" ; he shoiuhI have
I laPReul ii ' witl the 'el-owu tuf his
, ti-\lows," Packard and Pitkin and the
like, for he has become dangerous.
Trho negro is well satisfied to have
his children educated. He cares not
0 to thrust himself into the w1-huite
- schools, and as ihe is assured institn
i- t iois fot t lie in stiuction of iis uonth,
, equally as good ini coininet atid coim
- petericy as lie uhiite institutions ie
n is folly satisfied. It is only when
*o such fellows as etley "roiunse their
indignation" that lie makes a fool of
hiiniself atid begins to talk notseice.
The public school quest iot in this
State is reduced to this: The whites
d1 pay 99 per cent of tlhl inoacy for edno
cational, is thi y do for ill other pur
(1 poses, atid they are lerfectly williiig
C to exienu this money for the pr uraose
tt of' eucatlg tlteir own and the black
e children, nil Iii g each equal faucihi
i ties. If the black tan is satisfied
Swith this, as le should be, well and
d good ; if he is iiot, then the school
I system of this State will be desttoyed
at oice. I
Th'lis being the casc, Bentley 'and
ur his class will at once see that the
i- perpetuity of the systeni of public
)f education depeiids upon huavitig no
3- mixed schools. This howling oif
Il ''uights" is stimphly gammuoli iintended
ti catch the ar of the groudl ings. No
d man ot- set of men have any tight to
social position which cati be Tixid
and enforced by human laws, and
the sooner the gadflies in political
and journalistic life learn it the bet
SLt'r, not only for the negro but for
Ypublic education itself.
"P. M., a correspondent in the New
e Orleans Times says, that Wells and
eAnderson should not be prosecuted
and p)uts his plea for them as violatois
of law upon the "honor of the State."
P. M. condones forgery and talks
Sglibly of "honor." P. M,, is a J. A.
0or aD. F.
S
IB The crossing of the Balkans by the
e Russians practically ends the Turkish
"Mr.
ConnstitutiOnal Convention.
O01 11eli generally fIvol' a (u'rn
stitutional Conrivenrtioin :at nas enarly a
lday as pr acticable; tihe sooner the
better for the tax payer.
The present State Constitutiioln was
enacted by aliens for a special par
ipose, and it has served its purpose
right we!ll; that of robbing (,illr pIeo
ple and iepirivirig them of Inany of
those I ighlts, it was and is tiihe Uirie of
A:eilian cirrtizens Ito cherisih.
in gliaciinig over a coipy of the or
garlic law of Louisiana now before
us, we fiind ti; Articles in r a totral of
11ii, or iore than one fourth of the
whole, wihich require abrogiItion or1
nrrliieinent. IThe en'tiire Judiciair N
s\"stenl is ell nn ersomle, Ionidensonl"
systrir 15 Ei~itlici'Siiirll, ssinnl o ileii'
i1id ohbsolete; hiaring been framed
especiayii trs a liar to th re onricitio ir
of otlieial or party criminals ; aIn , Is
ili thre instiallces of Parisih .Judges and
local Magistrates, it bidls for corrup
toln, venality or ignorance.
It is not ouir ptl pose in this article
to suggest particular articles that are
r (Iefired, biut we suggest generailly a
giood basis for a Staite Constitution;
which is, biennial sessions of the
assembly , a redirction of salaries; iap
pointment and long tenure of Judi
cial officers; the diminil tion of of
fives a iced1 olicrs, a1nd their strict ne
conntability ; less power to the Gov
ernor, i)o Monopolies, and a removal
OIf the 'Capitl to liaton Roulge, (soime
say.) we say Alexandria.
liThese are inf1e (cnde si ggestioli s,
,rld we Iwouil like oull brethren ofll
the country press to ugitate the pies
tion from this on.
- I thlie (enilus /' LibCrt/,-tllhe oldest
paper in 1'enniylvaniia, of a late date,
we notice a short biographicalr sketch
iof ('ol. Alexandenr McLean, o1n of
11the most lremarkable men i tlhat have
Iever lived in Cestern Priennsylvania.
1le was orni in lork Co., Penrs Il
vania in 1741; aun died in 1534 at a
ripe age of ' yiears. lie held oflice
longer than any other imln who has
ever tesidedind mthIat sic t iri (If tire
State; haying bweln conItilnuorsly a
se cvant of the lueople from 1772 to
1534, 62 years. The sulbject of this
sketch iwas tIhe grandfather of our
welil Iknown i tand estcemed frliend
Richard McLean, Esq., now and for
sears past a resident of this liparish,
who altIrhough not hlaving held otfie,
has always stood as high in thie es
teem rof the gentlemenl of tlrhis section
as 1any man in ou r parish. Wf e canll
only wishr Mr. McLen , or ''nc rle
Mlack," as ipe an old age as Ilis
r anifather. We k now Ire will live
cherished and die blessed lie a]I viho
know hirr.
-----The School Fund of 1876.
MIr. A. '. Lelie, Treasiullr of thel
Stroil Board of this rliSlr, ir ifoirms
Is tlilt hle 11115 rigi 5tCe1'(rl cilnIms
agins t th-enif fund of 100monntn ton u
S2772.0. hind tr1Ihat tire iertie ort
'st'llling'i iliiibtn'diii' forr that year
w I illi reach the Iclhscan iO lla e/1rs. S4
illc urifr o1 II. C. M[\Is r''irtt of I 1e'
lni'iig ilir bu(1t IIhree1 hunldred1 dol(lars.
Dary my (1113d thie 1il ifeasance of
irtis fellow Myers 1 criniig to ligrt.
arrd wle(n Ire 10115 ovir the VohEtilii'S
ari books if the Seriil Board liw
il iis risssSin, V t hicn ihe Ills It
firsed toi do 1o1 this tire, tile wiIIoe
mIIiIeI elf tir every ih l -l be n to
thelln pulic gaze.l )rilill iror
Oirr adv ice to tire Cirnnrittre il
New Or'learrs, rs, to work rnr Mi wrs'
errepot-trere is a 'lean" wh nl will I
ity not exCcieele anywherel in tire
State.
Tire New Olleans Daily Iy 1tecm
favor's as withi an excirarge of whrichr
we gladly avail ourrselves. Tire Iter
is anr even rig paper of fine totie 11011
ability and deserves to becirime po
I prrlar' withr all classes. Orur esteemtied
fiind E. L. Jewell, Esq., ras edito
rial cotitroli of' tlrzherIv arid we are
remrined ore of tihnly days of tie
ir rl~letinr wile reading the Itetics pun
gerrt editoi'irds.
WITAT PACKARD REPRESENTS.
Menmplis Avaianche.
Prc-kardl toldl the Iowans fhat Ire
I represented ini Lollisiana tire C 0ca
I irey meld dear' as Ueprhldalirrs arnd as
Xrrreiarien cltiizelns-nrerrning Repub
aricn principles. Packard was sligirt
1 ly mistaken. He relresenrte in Lor
isaia tire political prin Ici le krnowrr
sI stire bayonet anR d tire Panrott gin.
lie repr'eserted tire echo of' tihe War
C Du'partm'ent.
Tire railroad strikO Iras extended
nearly all over fie Middle a 1 Noirh
Iwesternr StiitE'n. Trl'ops1 have so far
b)-n tropuerless to protect prilperty
rard qrel tie rilters. Much figrtirg
Irhas occurred anld many lives have
I been lost.
Tire recent order of tire President
rforbidding tire participation of' office
holders in political corrvcntions, &c.
cariscs a large number of tire loyal to
I kick. Not being in office, thne people
I seem to errjoy tire gyrating of tire
I "officials" Iragely.
'New Orleans also has had its repre
sentatives wvithr us since our last is
*sue. Messrs. Castanedo, a Dative b3
tire way, of the ficm of S.L. Boyd &
Co., Gardner, formerly L. H. Gand
Der & CO, and Bachwin Of' Zeigler &
Co., dropped'into our city in search of
trade.
The1 Constitutional Anm3d
1IlCUt s.
The public ,tie Very anxious to
know whether the (Constit utional
qulestiont at the iast elections was
decided. ya or nay' It' the retnills
414) not show concilsieIy the result :
itf they Ihave (1been lltilated or taum
pered witi in any way, there is a
tr emely at hand hiº 1111(1 Omean vopies
(al he secured. whiehi will show a
result, andll that is all the people ask. 1
The Dist)iet ('ouit ('le k's of the
mendra parishes in the Mtate mill Int
nish on application cer tified copies of
the retrnls tiled with them by the
"upervi-ors of election, and the pull- I
lic initelst rl l111ire that they Sihouldt
li'll' l~(il~ d1* .
h~e prcuc~red.
«le candidly :'hiev'V' Ithat tlli the
proposed ConItl illid),fil IAmendments
hare'' beeu ade~hijld ! T!'here is :t way, ti
which we point out, to tel! and tleit
public ask of the Board of Call asseis
that they do it.
The late `'Report," that not hitg
could he done because of tlie nintila
tions, &c., of the copies befiore themn,
is a movement on thle part of Ithe
Canllvassers not well understood; nor
is it likely to Ie until the IBoardl Cx k
haiusts all the lmodes witlhiun reach to
arrivce a a 0onclusion.
hliand's New ork ('ity Business' f
I)irectory for 1 7. The second vol- I1'
II
mire of this valuable and indispen a- P
b1le oh i:i: h sjlst been issued by the b
Publishers. MesSrs. Walter Il ugh & t
Co., of 3 Pa'ik 1Place, New York. No ,
pains or expense his been spared in (:
the production of the presIent volume,
to Ilmake it collllete and ireliable. Ill
typographcial applea'rance and binid
ing, certainly it is a fine speci(men of r
book-ma king. It colntains over one1
i hundred pages Imore matter than tlhe
last yeari's vollllume, whichl has aldded
larigely to the cost of tllhe production
of thlie work, and comlpelled the Pub- º
lishers to issue hereafter only the full F
cloth bouiind edition at One Dollar
1
pe'r copy, 1np1n the receipt of which
su il tlhey will forwardl thie woilk to
any addlress in thle I'Inited States or
Canalla, by mail, postage pirepaidi.  
Thlie Columbia (('ad4well parish)
HIrIl1, Ii 'olursthi(i on the ],(.turning
Boiard indictments. The HeralId
gushes over I haes -says that we owLe
Ievery thingl to 1hayes, and that piar
ticulary, Attorney General Ogden
oeCs his (offiCC to that deltecthble
Presidenit. I)Does thie Ileraldl meian to
insinuiate that MIr. Ogden made aI
"bargaii'" with IIayes not to prose.
einte crimini iials 1 dr1111 · till- law, prov i
de( l £JIl (s gave lihn IL oflic' ." :
II is not oftenr the m~ighity tlriuflsI
of thle Ilerill get downi to tlhe dead (I.i
l(v'll of II I'a;l'der, bilt whlien I' 4o1)'S t
his foot g('04l:IllV goCs Ilnt)) it up to
4h1$ilillit tojis. Ti('JhioHir li rtl's of
''lHlolm and then l4ppjos(' till liwfl~l
llros'('tili lit Wi Is ;1i14 his Colttrie.
Glelldv i ihc-- lit's see; whii ill
th e i ( l~~ iis IUilci Iluk~c. Ah1. ha; ! I
lie's 4)1(4' iif IhliC e IIe 11 1 lon'pot ioiised (1 1
f1line Whligs.' Aollul WelllS 1111 ill 1dan
4). nd h gril hId ICcito' CV' 11tter
j :G·l!nd, chll fi~llow~, yourr'io too fnr gonec;
Soil did it IVI-l; ', o'ro ''(I- vilisli :ly,''
A. Ulgere the w\el l known 0n1d
liillilal' hlatIhei-r of the lairt Able, pore
1 'l5s tthis office witil a bottle of his
41n14q414 tll 111i1r restore4r, tie vi rttues
of 11 h iclh Ulgere conunenldll( to ail tile
world. As ii suirt 'rIIIC for 11I diseaSCS
of the' snCilp, fa:llillg Ili', humors,
(laldrhli, & c. Uugerc's IIuaI \Iool
h 11s no rival.
Are tile llartranft militin, wlhicil thle
citizells of Pittsburg said tiley would
"IIplotect" if they w-0ol(1 comeo bock
after hiaving skedadled from the first
brickbat tirecd by tile railrould 10ob,
the same 40,000 ihe was goillg to fur
nish Hayes' to put dowu the nefw re
hIelion an41 inauglluate hiim ias Presi
dent.
Mortimer ('arr, a shining radical of
Warmotlh's plnlmy days, has been or
D Cested for (iubezzleme et, as also one
i' Bartholomew T. B('14t4egard. 1110
s Iolre to pleiad t he "'agreeilmell t.'
rllintionls in tenll)erature IIhvo a
' marked 4'ftl'ct onl Ilhmnan conslitutions,
abnormally checking the secretions
r in som4e4, 1411 forcing the excretions
in others, making a corrective or reg
ulator necessary, whiclh can be found
in 'tome Stolliach Bitters.
I
-"I sufftered for a long time witlI
r goitre, caike or swe lled Liver, indigcs
- tion andl general bad ilailthi, arnd after
trying mally ether iemt'dies, nlotlling
(IoeIC me so much good as Sinisoiis'
r Liver Riegultolr. It curell ume, and
n0w I ha ye not to takee any medicine,
for I am well; hut I shall lways keep I
t it in the hiiuusO to cure any one else of
, tile family thllt 1h11e nClything tile
matter. It is good for nearly ev'ry
Ibing. MI. I. WIL'TA, Clinton, Ga."
3 Now we don't think that "all
e Repuhblicans can unite heartily"
in tile demand of the Iowa radicals 0
for tile immediate resuscitattion of
a policy which has been tried for
years and has always ended in
failure and in evils, which were
worse than tailure. In fact, we
; have no doubt the great majority
of Republicaus thrioughout tile
; country at large are heartily glad
f that policy has been abandoned.
-St. Paul Pionccr-Prcss, Rep.
lbt j4'.P.Iiii I 1. 1 '"
&I KN I(
NOTIC`E.
.X'1~I tIllfIdIl( sIXoil~gWit l il tr N1·I(~li, t
C J.i ll \li~i lrc 1I'il lts Il' iII\ 1)(144 li' *\
.it111.11~', will 414 fllC LV11 oll'~~il 11141 IXIf.i\.
Carroll &i CorleyT's
Salw, Gi'ist& Slliigle 1
Rdi Il 31.L~
SI'4''" (·"l( 1 :i.t !i ll 1·.
(I!·llr'~ Ii (I!.I I .
UN'IVERSI Y aF [GUIS'ANA
Fees the samie its oilier Fir~l Class Sehtools
.Jiily 2·.
JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
JUDU IIMENI'
Floranee .1. Carr
Antoine )rini, htr IHb,:1nd.
Jliv 'TFin. L'.i' (iourt. Parish of
Nalt 'litech,"s, Loiisiana. No. 1:190.
(N (thii' . (:11' , raitson of (tIle laws and
1 e'videlnce' heiil in favor" of thl, Plain
1tif, 1F :lr , !.ian' ('arri . with of Altoine:
P ct'i iii it is t r i!fot orid e N Irtre,. auljudgl
1wI-n h r 1,' h: 1 er ii ltih ei t aiti 1 j i '
1Pn114 i 11, :giu t l t l :ntilit o is le 1 ii (hv's 0.1
,,al S. it lrs f h rih 2:1d 4 lol 1t cJuly.
1),, 1S77
sl~;tCESSIONSAL~IE.
tlt tCCcsitiol oifEi ldPor,1ce Ie la Carr dr(,
Jk~ccascd..
hav in th future the· vb1: to;~lirsi -f
N 11cltittrc ni , , 4 l1 4Iiic ti41 , I Will 51
S tOc'lies, on1
s thle trtllowiiig de'crihed~t pr44prt~I becloug~
iti. to lili 4 :iiln4:t ; costsi to i t: d.
*A Iti t 01 groiiil iill wt the liiiltliiigs
s:itu mit?·, havl\ing a fl'out '41 'III f~!let (iii
I lit' 54 ntut 5icit! (if 1XT St t, VitiH
T4111"i of I nd frt, i lt i al Courtl
o iTxus 'trest, sotha ns of .1 1 oi77. s
I unlknown, dust 14y- lot (If F. Niectte, and
winest by lot of J. F. l Nso.
C Terms to f Sale. ni::
aCa -l i.,jc of Natlhisment.hes.
I certlf'1 tin" :1111"1 to le' . tflue wily of
1111 oligiluil ,Jnligin'nt oil lilt! in mly of
Wit ness my hand and official
[L. S.] .Seal this ',fad day of July, A.
1), 1177.
WI). II. TIOUINNARD, J..
July 28.-30d. ShClerikf.
SUCCESSION SALE.
Saucession of Elisandre De la Gar-a,
Jceccased.
S)Y virtue of an order of the lon. Par-.
) ishl .uedge ill all for the parish of
isatof chitoches, h to e directed, I will sell
ill ell to thl last and highe st bidder at the
Cour t Ho. use door ill the city of Natchi"
s toehes, oil
(In
SlThursday. 30th dayo f Aunust, 1877,
ll the following'l described property belong
ing to sold stiu cessioull to wit: o
c'is.A lot of ground W kitch then fuildins
Sand ii p roe rients to liereon, situ ated Ii
said city, having a front 'ºf 4(i feet oil
stohet hse on Te si Tx treet, with aa'li'4
depth of 125 fei te otlinle n orls at ihe
iTexas strt' leet, south by lands ofs persons.
] unknown, cast by lot of F. Niette, and
west by lot of J. P. Y'Barbo.
Tr Terms of Sal.l CS.
Cash-subject to appraisement.
l D. 11. BOULLT, Ju.,
July 2.-30,. Sheritff.
SUCCESSION SALE.
ISuccession of ale isandreliC, Dc'Gar:a.
P Y VIRTUE of an order of the Hon.oral,
Sthie Parish CoJudge in and for the parof
f atiNatchits, ches to tt efict gratessed. In
to nel dlirectedl, I will sell at Jmll~lic
I ()ll('~'~ at the :Ctmnrt~. Ilons 10411~oL iii theC
Srwill selltcitocs to the last and highe st bidder,
3on
1 h Iighlest Iliddel', inlegajil subdi visiouls, on
Wednersday, lthe 38th dal of August, 1877,
all the fmovable property of aliid real suest-t
sion, consistin gis pof a small stock of grote
series and househobl and kitchen furni,
Stnccsuine. The grocerfies to hi e sold at the
All of Sictioii 55, 'Township' it), North (It
astore on 2 stre. anti all of Sectioed y,
'1'owitship, 10 North, of' Uange 7 1V4'st,
conitaining in all one thiousand fttur hiuiii
ideceased, and t-fhe other movablesnd 0- acit thes,
residence of decLnd District on Texas street.in
r accordling to, survey aliliroyeii hty tlln'
SurTerms of snral oe te 2t ay ofCASH.
D. . BOULLT, Ju.,Jne,7.
AJuo Lot Si. , i ctin Sheriff.,
SUCCESSION SALE.
SSuccession of taler Gairt-cnie, Dec'dn
lsoY virtue of an order3, of cthe Honorable,ip
1 orth e Parish Court of the Parish oflv
Natchitoches, to that effect gbanted, and
1 acres.
tlso Lote os. directed, ,I will sl a, it public
1outcry at the Court IHouse door in the
parish of Natcwshiltoches, to th, last and
highest, oidder, in legal subdivi ot oisions, ona
IThursdaUt, the 23d dayf of August ne~tt,
colltlt Ill.li(r onet 11t11' e 111 d f1\ (m1 ctl.:ll.! and
Al-i t II;It p ti ill ilt t iC i ;t No. '. Ill .i'ii
1 1'1 at 7.'i till ! ii ! Il I ln iii 1 i~'.1 ! tili.s,
I\ll1111\ 11'lo lh 'l L '--1' ) ,111 ll
fi ~ii ipot io ofi''tiil i-i j.!. !\'ti :tu:1tu. o
hl o l h 1I t l ta t'" r f ' .ie I II 11
sli '"i' 1 [I'Sll' t S"\E.;I l
oo1; ti1 f 111 1 1(i, I(,1 it 111 of ) rl(' : 11ý" 1, 1(
11( )11111'1'1,I 11:I L( · s iz .· ~ fll , \\ iI llt;·1i lIit!
v i t111 t' ofr :l itf 111 l":t.,i ill' ic i y tJt
* o 1 ( l \' l it' i r t'. 111 1C I 1 itgt '! le ' i'. . 1 t 1 i fl it'
T11 'tttv o/ `tile.
Pi . Ai, I;rI)olI. 11 .
.Ju I 11v 2i-t 1 . t is ltdgi l'.
JO';lni I 1v1'cAiiLt) \I'. laii fll htid . ll
of' ltit'rrt t'ixiii t I'colt'Id. Bth, it1
!!' 1' girt ne of :1 Or ()S1-iI of F' i Fa1. i~n.tlli
1l th ,,e Iln.t f' I StiltClc 1 n atl
shor t 'ini' wlI]I (f\it ht liii c e :Il . 1 f tit ulift'
SOI'.1o.lPAE
(lircetcsl.I 111 X-1. st fled ill AN ill m i''t' tll
S;Ile to tlill' 4ic~l :lull ·J rrgllellt '· (1l'(e · at
and' l'iari:, 8l of \atc hitochcssct, on~tcc·i
the f4 c111\\ii Iicc rill 1('1 1115 i'o111rtl ( \\ it
\\'tllcsn 111t11 1 1r 1 Fast by tilt' Woods, Sonth~~(
S1IEIlU"I'S S.AI:E.
11i1: I 1 (IF I'I. I.. ON tt : 1.1 ni 51
i7i' Vi t il .E ol W: rit of b .l I(a., Aiss edi
1 \hI I 441141t (444 o .114 24' 1 14~, istlt t aiiil15
l1' l'~ I·s 4 1 J l''c l, rcz·l ;a t~
) by the llHonort bh* tilt! Parishl Court of
the p'rish of \ tt11hiud toaq " tututo 1
diretertd is'ned on aº twelve mnthstlt bond
of 1.. II. MT1i2e r ] iiin i C. . C. $iktiite il
iii 1144 ill V 1414114;1I"1 o it Nht i'hic \ st44Ci4$ 442
tlol W st so. ot S.1-igl1, & Co., or .aInch
S~itill' iit'~t Ill'! 4411t 5414 sI. ris "I'lt al
tA Pitr J,. t . i c i attorne , I seized 11 i'
Int l \\j c o t hyr I'. tle to flth last and
hli!ýll i bbb~ler"1.:t ther Ifloo of the ',ou~ t
Lin the ity and pi:1 Nisth of Ntchi
to."h es on
nit Ir 111 the "l1 ilthi 11 1f1 Ai t ,i' 1o nit77,
the l tlil tin i deseribdl property to wit:
("orth bi lot owf ,lD wit the .U neil-.
ings and implrovent. therenn, situated
in the city and pbuilotonedehitochEls.on
the We'st side of .I r;f.irson street ineas
rint atnint C J.r fn said c street with a
dept of one hmultdn'tl te t, hounded above
b iy zlhlVty Amntull' lct :id b )elow by( proper
tyv of Mrs. Al. J. M1ic'ier, seized as the
lproperlty of M crs. M. J. i ci er.
Also a certain lot of ground situated
Cin the city and pabeneli of Nataitochs
L~~itlrrm D. II. B1 ~c~ OVL l'l, .111.7
with aill the ruildings and inpfovenfents
thereon situated oil the West side of
Second street, bounded oil the Southt by
Sibley street. East by Second street
North by lot now owned by J. U. Payne,
n onI the Wesft by lot oned ibe Elleofn
Pdre, sized as the t 'property of the 4 e
Terms of Sale.
CASH - without the benefit of appfraise
ment.
of sai efitD.t viz : 'IB ' l'eLT, .rl
iJune fro23-tds. Sheriff.e Ilis f d Ri to t
SHIlilIFF'S SALE.
The W1estern Electric Ma:nufatcturintg Co.
vs. Merchlant~s' hnion T'elegraph Co.
[No. 161.)
In the iMth ,Judicial District Court for
the Paris h of nt runii Webster, Lt . r
BH (Vi TchitE of an order and ilwrit of
seizere and snhale issued in tllhe aboves
entitled case and out of the court afore
said andte to me directed, I hav:1111e seized fi
and will oie r for sale at the court houseii
idoor in the city of Natchitoches on 11
Saturday the 4th da r of August, 1877,
(ile I inc of Ecl lii 'r iatrishl t httoitglt to
withte legal tours of sale, for cash,
thsubject to appraiseinent the f1111 otllrwing
saul Ucrtul:~rtidatic~to Me'ilii 1 'n iuutt 'I'el e
descrthed property seized as the property
of said Defe-ndant viz : The 'Telegraph
Liney or o the pariiesh of lid River to the
pa rish of Grant running through the parcl's.
ish of Natc 23-hitoches tog.ther with the of
N'OTICE.
SiICC.XSiOI1 of Jo/itt Thii'i, dlcc'd.
fe fixtures, .atteries and app rtenancs
in the town of Campte aiti the ratice fix
atres hatter ies and appertenawecs ill the
cli sity issi of Natchitoches; also includi4n all
ntlite wire. poles erected, ins tiorn itand
l:ghts of tiway on said:t, telegra lil line:tioii of
the line ofliied River parish through to
ithe linsof Granli t parish, Sincluding aihll
the fixti ures, itproemeis 1 ts and otherf'
appertenances thereto and belonging to
said Defe ndant -'Merchant 1Union Tele
graph ('ompanty." with all the rights of
way or other privileges of said D)efend
autt in the said parish of Natchlitouhes.
1). It. HOTL'L, .
JOhN~L LAPLACE,
June 23-is. Shty erik.
NOTICE.
1 N PUI:RI:STCE o~f an1 ordina~nce of thle
Socession of Jolt Ii Daros, decrd.
Aall 17L. :1 GAilclrETT, having ap-111 r
plied for the admninistratiou of
tilt succession of John Davis, deceased,
noti'tcel to pherebysent tgiven to A. E. Le-it
nay concern, to show as or e with hist ten
days of this date, whyin o th applietion of:iiie
ithe petitioner shoutld snot he g nt Of hed.
Witness the Hion. P. A. Sirniness, judgte
f~tirda ls 2t11i,' reirstilt f'roin the .'InpIort ion.
of said court o this 16th day oY J.ly, A
D.,Jul lf rcicit cl7.llo d.
JOHN LAPLACE,
July21-2i. Deputy Clerk.
INPRUNC me nre ianer. h
411 i0r
.t 1t "l lc "s 1
r ' t l l .l i 'II . 11 . N I ( 1 , t 'I º 1t l .I L ý
(I -'S
I"'. II I rtt (;Ii . ti'i h't' I~ :, ,,. 1 75 pr d z
Pais iarllt' i.
('~It v \\ Ii r it -- i3 "(
(: lc itiW It" I l',(.11}
WIIjIdk . hI.tI -S 1 ~ 75º 111 gtlloi
\ I11e-2 a l'li 29I ' pIer ;lb.~
Ic:.-Po'it-1 7li 'a oc ',
Fairs55~ "iv r1I'l(I
?;it'l -*1 lS I jr 1C 111.1.. -
WC :Ate-2I)it_-Ipe r 1V'.'tiA Ii erli'
PREA VSTIONS.
1"e' 1-S IA Ii1~s :º S 'i-i t;50
I.1---1 ASv 0lt !lt11A 00.
LIII l-'li*rt I ". per 111
Pig AI IIi-.IAND FEE'I~() S)0i'1IS
(Branu i-$ 1-34 - per 100 ) 1114~(I .
PUGROANDSMONAS.
I~r 'IiiA It il t'1 . v, .
('lio-jeecI ISIce
() rdi "iiar I~ I Iu
B.Kon- NI7U PR i1U(1.
Pi"0 P mi1al'Ili. 00
PIs F ',-Ot ti' I lle, .in makt.
(ir'ni-h tn OSU i: peb Ae 1i h is.
(.'Ach1:Alls- 11! .ta 12. bd
Potato~s -`' Swet, 7cu 100 ' er b bl. r
CoialA~ O il---- 2 ' ti25'r gallont.
G'cs' --'i, $6 jH'I' ulu'z
P rik- 1n' ~C'l .
3luttoii --l~ C w'om lu "1c-) glln
Fanbrit'-~r 45c.2
Prrime7 50c.
ronChottce~ J~ie.
Pine gans-S1t !'I 7 per phluairee.
Saýlmn-$3s 00ig~sw 00 doz. thusu
Eagls- 7'ilk-$203.~ d
Wagonepls- $2;; 75). 0 d~
COUSTR P0OI)SC.
Brta-Indy s~ia P clcea- n 7.5)' ISo
1)rkeit -Yý:Iitt.sS 0a 5~dt
P'lans-tation I iter- ) 51 50 ý dOLýl