JAS. H. COSGROVE, .. Editor.
NATCHITOCHES
ATrUIDAY - - - - July 18, 1874.
Advertising Itates.
SQUA!11.l, 8 e I 8
I sqnt;ue .... 4 011 6 501 10 ut l15 0) 20 00
'2 sq arev... 7 ol (11 00 15 00) 2' (01 t25 I.
3 squares... i000 13 00 18 00 23 00 30 01
4 attlares... 1400 IS Ol) 2 04 :to 00 35 00
5 equar s... 1700 24 00 27 00 35 Ol .40 (H)
6 Mqular.;s... 284l0 21 00 32 0) 4)) !1) 45 IN)
7 rq'lrns... 27)m 7 0 :i6 n00 5 00 701 00'
8 sNqares... 20i 00 30 00 40 on 65 0() 'Al 0I)
1) isqluarea... 3100 35 00 50 J 00 57 001105 00
15 squAren... 451H) 00 i 0 7) (1 o 100 ( 14 l5
2i0 sqauares... 0 00 8 00 i1 , I, 1'1e5 15)1 01
Transirnt advertisnentM $1.50 per square of
Is lin,. Rrr.vieoi. first. insertion. Eaeh stbse.
quent insertion 75 rents per square.
Rates of Subscription.
fhae Copy one year..................3.
Olne Copy six montl ....................... 50
(Payable in advance.)
OUR JOBa o UPIC is stPplied with
great variety of type, and work in this, dep:arl.
ment performed with neatness and at modeor
ate prices.
Terms, CASIK on delivery of work.
Appoint Delegates to attend the
Convention to be held in Alexandria,
Tuesday, September Ist, 1874.
The Committee of SEVENTY will
meet here at 10 o'clock A. M., on
Monday the 20th inst. A full attend
ance is desired.
31. .. CUNNINGHIAM.
Chnirman.
OUR PACKE'r.-It was again our
pleasure to meet the officers of the
steamer Bart Able, at Grand Ecore on
Tuesday last, and our hearty thanks
are due them for appreciated favors.
Capt. Sinnot is looking in fine health
and has nailed his flag to the mast for
our trade. Our old friend Hamilton,
(not old with years George-no far
from it, you are in that as the smiling
infant-but as we,are poor in similes,
we refer you to Slhtkespear's Seven
Ages of Man for full particulars of
thd infant,) looked as usual "jam
up." We thank him kindly for that
file of late New Orleans and Eastern
papers.
Railroad.
Col's. Edwards and Kellogg visited
our town last week, and submitted a
proposition to a meeting of the citi
tasns, which will be found in another
column. At present we have not fully
settled in our mind the question of
the donations asked. We are in favor
of a Railroad, but are not exactly
ready to favor the donation part of
tihl business.
That our people should fully under
stand the matter, wt, give them a few
figures which show that the cry of
only 2300,000 is not eractly the whole
amount we are called upon to donate.
It is, at 'all events, best we should
understand and know fully what we
are doing,'and what we are to pay in
this matte.'
The Railroad Company ask from the
Parish in 20 year bonds, bearing 7 per
cent interest, $200.000
7 per cent interest for 20
years on that smont would be 280.000
The city is also asked to
donate 100.000
Interest for 20 years at 7
per cent would be 140.000
Collectors commissions to
assess andcollect, the whole
amount would be 108.000
$828.000
Making a total of eight hundred
and twenty-eight thousand dollars for
a three hundred thousand dollar do
nation-a small amount to go in on,
but a big one to come out.
But at the same time the incalcula
ble benefit derived from the Railroad,
must not be lost sight of-the popula
tion-the wealth that would flow into
the Parish.
We will refer to the matter again
next we~ek, and in the mean time we
demand that this Railroad question
sball not be made an issue for the
acceptance or resignation of the Po
lice Jary--there is plenty of time and
our assuranees to the managers who
have asked us for this donation, that
we wdil give the amount, is as amply
ansufficient as theirs of building the
road-simply a question of honor, and
we consider ours as good as theirs.
The Republican party in Louisiana
afraid of being detected in its true
characeter; that of public plunderer.,
is trying to tura away its negro su
premacy face from publie game. Is
not this something like the immortal
Prentis iad of Jones, who went to
bed drunk and turamed over, lest his
breath might betray him to his wife.
Mrs. Jones not to be taken in, in such
a manner, enelanied, "you need'nt
:turn ever Joese, youea are drunk eltB
through."
Thanks to our ever generous friend
Mr. Emile Cloutier, for appreciated
kindness.
To Outr Colored Citizens. /
We desire to address a few words
to our colored fellow-citizens, which
we wish them to carefully read and
weigh, and if our reasoning and ad
vice are correct, they will be but do
ing their duty to the country and pos
terity, to pay heed to, and act upon
them.
You have been tiow six years con
nected with the great Republican par
ty, the party to whon you thought
you owed allegiance, fironl the fact
that they had been instrumental in
achieving your freedom. We will
not stop to argue the pros and cons
of that question, snlfice it to say that
the Ilepublican party was in power at
the time the issue was raised of the
right of a State to secede, and as a
material of war, you were used to in
sure success to those who argued
against State rights, with the same
intents and feelings with which the
northern l)emnocrat, the Foreigner or
in fact, the very horses and mules
drawing their guns and trains were.
It is with t he same motive that drown
ing men grasp at straws, that in hours
of great trials a government uses all
the material it can command. Such,
and such only, was the reason '-ou
were used, and for that te, the boon
of freedom was given you ; nor will
we say ought of this, the usefullness
you might be put to, to save the
Union, as they termed the issue of the
war, was certainly offering upon your
part, a good and sufficient remunera
tion for your freedom.
You may not understand it, but to
be citizens you should, that govern
ments are for the mutual good and
the mutual protection of individuals,
a simple compact for such good and
protection,,and when such govern
ments fail or neglect to afford the
requirements agreed upon, it natu
rally lapses into a community of citi
zens without a special bead. Such a
state or condition of the people is
termed chaotic.
The Republican party has taught
you an entirely different idea. The
first step was to give you a lesson to
tally inconsistent with liberty in the
abstract, and which tended and is
used simply to promote either revo
lution or the private ends of political
leaders; and that lesson was, seret
and oath bound clubs, which has tend
ed to completely demoralize you.
You are its true, ignorant, and being
so, are easily imposed upon. You
are more to be led by appeals to your
.passion, than to reason, from our
knowledge of your character we know
you to be, and we say it without eith
er the intention to compliment or
cajole you, but simply to give our
honest opinion, as a race, docile and
desiring to do and be good if you
knew how, a life ofslavery has taught
yeou to believe that liberty means la
ziness. But you have among yon
many bad, very bad colored men, and
we are sorry to say that their infnlu
enee over you for any end, is great.
These men are bitter and uncompro
mising, and the smattering of knowl
edge they have obtained in their in
tercouse with worse white men, of
whom we will speak further, has only
tended to destroy what little common
sense they at first possessed, and to
make them brutlal, domineering and
reckless, that they have imparted this
spirit to the mass of colored men is
apparent, by the swagger and inso
lence adopted by many, the street
threats and armed parades we have
seen here in our city; and in the for
bearance and quiet submission of the
white people, you have been led to
believe they were in fear of your
power. The "gang" of white men
who have been your acknowledged
leaders, are as you know yourself,
without character or responsibility
men without ideas, except that of
gain, and to use you for that purpose
they have pandered to all the weak
points of your nature-fed your pas
sions with tales of brutal slave own
ers- with pictures of burning cabins,
bleeding backs, an'dl all such "bug
bear" argument as only the extreme
ignorant can be made listen to; ex
cited your prejudices by such stories
nwe would return yon to a worse
bondage than slavery, should we suc
ceed, using for this ends thousand
elap-trap expressions to convey to
your untutored mind, what demons in
humnan shape must any man be who
was not a Republican, and a Republi-1
can as they judged he should be. The
character and standing of these men
are well knoiwn to you, they are in
your midst and with the direct cornm
munication you have had with them
for the past six years, can you lay
your hand upon your heart and msy,
that one practical beneit has acern-i
ed to you fromit? Have you had goodlI
schools and competent teachers?
Hiave you well built and neat church
es, attended by pious and Ood-loving
congrcegations? Have you comforts- 1
ble homes-farms teeming with plen
ty-barns overflowibg with the fruits
of your hard earned toil! Have you
officers who, by the enforcement of
the laws which yourselves enacted,
drive out crimo from the land-pro
tect your stock and throw around
your lives and property, the mantle
of protection ? No! a thousand times
no! Your schools are frauds, your
children growing up in ignorance,
your churches the scenes of bloody
brawls, your barns and cribs empty,
your little farms barren wastes, your
stock stolen am~ your very lives in
danger from the miduight thieves and
assassins to whom alone the laws
seem to give protection. It is idle to
say that Providence has had a hand
in the matter. Then why is it Vir
ginia, North Cara CGeorgia, Ala
bama, Arkansas, 'laTs, Tennessee,
Missouri and Kentucky, all Southern
States,. and gro~u lug in a measure the
sanme staple as ourselves, are not in
the same condition as Louisiana,
South Carolina and Msissieppi; The
root of all our adrersitI has been the
rale of the radical party, this and
nothing else. Fronm your toil comies
the tax : you are consumers and poor
plroducers, and all you eat and wear
must be paid for by, your hard labor.
The property owner is assessed with.
the taxes and you in the nmanner of
trade and contract; nmst pay them
for the income from your tilling his
land is all he has, and high taxes
means low wages-:infmthat is to you
nakedness and starvation. Thus you
see how your own acts reach you
through us. Now we know that you
will admit this and we desire to close
this article with a little plain talk
and as it will be the last, we desire
you to take it as a warning and act
accordingly.
The white people intend to carry
the State election this fall, this inten
tion is deliberate and unalterable, from
the fact that their very existence depends
upon it, and that you may enjoy the
blessings which will naturally follow
such an event, blessings made doubly
sweet when you know you were part
ly instrumental in bringing them
about ;twe desire your co-operation,
and we simply ask you, will you as
sist us in redeeming your State from
tihe degradation and ruin she now is
in, or will you follow still the advice
of those who have placed her thus
Take time to answereu it, and let your
mind, should you decide affirmative
ly, be at rest for your future welfare
and happiness. We propose to do
for you more than any party has yet
done for you, on the other hand should
you imagine that the teaching of
your former rulers is correct, and you
elect to attempt, for it will only be
ad attempt, to continue thieir rule
then you must take the consequences.
For we tell you now, and let it be
distinctly remembered that you have
fiir warning, that we intend to carry
tle Stalte of Louisiana i. November
next, or she will be a Mlilitary Terri
tory.
QUgSTION OF TIl' RESPONSIBILITY
OF Ax OATn.-We see with surprise,
tile oath attached to the settlement
by thle Parish Treasurer, Joes. Ezer
nack, is certified to by IW. H. Boullt
as "Deputy Parih Tresaurver," an of
ficial position we venture to say, un
heard of by even the compilers of the
Code. The law does not provide for
Deputy Treasurers, no more than it
does for Deputy Judges, and Deputy
Presidents of the Police Jury, and
the law emphatically says, "the Trea
surer shall certify to the correctness of
thg statement unler oath." The ques
tion naiturally arises, his WV. H.
Boullt'uoath any legal significeance at
all, and we venture to assert, it has
not. He can swear to any thing for
anothler man, as proxy oaths are in no
manner regarded as binding in law.
Committee of Seventy, while you are
looking up these matters give this
your attention, and see if you cannot
at least protect the citizens from the
evils which might attend a proxy cer
tification of a Treasurer's settlement"
And as these men seem to possess
cheek beyond shame, you had better,
once for all, give them a shaking warn
uing, that such brazen, illegal conduct,
will no longer be tolerated.
Our Friends Abroad.
MxtAn, Texas, July 13, 1874,
Gentlemen :--Havipg learned from
a wagoner that tl!ere was a probabili
ty of having trouble in your section
* * * I write to ask that you will in
form me by return mail as to the true
state of affairs. Should the "ball be
gin to roll" we of this section might
reader some aneistance. Let me hear
from you.
***
At this season of the year the know
ing young man stands ont in the
moonlight and tenderly says: "Ask
me anything else, dearest, but don't
-don't entreat me to sit down and
wait a few minutes. Jane, those
steps have just been painted. I've
been there before."
Political Reflection.
Have the people of this Parish se
riously reflected upon their true situa
tion-upon the political condition of
the State ; the status of the party who
have had possession of all the bran
ches of government ; Executive Leg
isllative and Judicial; and the char
acter of the men who bare filled all
posts of honor, profit and trust, for
the past six years ? The responsibi
lity represented by the leaders in the
so-called Republican party, so-called
from the fact that the Northern Re
~publlicans totally ignore them as
part or parcel of the National or
ganization, amounts to simply noth
ing and the character of the men
conducting State afflirs, Legislating
upon the property and liberty of the
white race of this State, is as base as
their purposes.
We are led to these reflections when
we think of the terrible condition of
our people and begin to devise ways
and means by which the evils now ex
isting may be mitigated or entirely
overcome ; at the risk of lrbing con
sidered violent in expression, we can
at this moment see but one road out
of our pre ent ditliculties and terrible
as that method is, the mind of the true
patriot will at once recognize the
jesuitical policy as being applicable
to our situation, the ends justifying
the means. Kellogg, whose character
for promlisiº,f is as fertile as it is sterile
ofexecution, has signified his inten
tion of having a good legislature this
year, in what way he will accomplish
this much desired result, he sayeth
not; by, we suppose, some means
known only to himself, and we are
at the same time equally uncertain of
the men whom he will select to com
pose a body which lie may consider
a "good" General Assembly ; and we
are constrained to believe from the
past history of the individual, that
his meaning of "good" when applied
to men has entirely different signifi
cance from that laid down by modern
lexicographers. With him, all that
legislation which tends to promote
party ends, even at the cost of the
destruction of the material interests
of the white race, would, not only be
considered good, but advancing farth
er in the degree of comparison, the
best legislation. To prove which
we have but to refer to the prolific
promises of the Republican party in
Louisiana for the past ein caats and
the barren results of them.
All legislation has been, and will be,
when controled and shaped by Kel
logg and his minions, intended to
r promote party ends, and party ends
with them means indridual qoils.
We are fully aware that we would
be wasting words to tell our people
that no confidence, can be placed in
the assurances of the Radical leaders
with whom the destinies of our State
have been identified since 1868, and
who in that time have so nearly des
troyed us. But as ocular demonstra
tion will always be more convincing
than theoretic argument, no matter
how true that theory is, we have but
to point to the men in our midst who
are the representatives of the class of
individuals that are supreme in pow
er.
We enjoy, if we may be allowed to
use that pleasurable term, the ac
quaintance of these men and we pos
sess a knowledge of their conduct in
the administration of the affairs of our
parish. Boullt, Myers, Blunt, Lewis,
SHornsby and sunch characters are good
representatives of the element in our
Scapitol of those individuals who make
laws, who execute laws and who
judge of them; no better-worse if
anything.
With this knowledge of the char
acter of the Radicals with us, of their
past conduct, and of such men who
have lately joined them, can we place
any faith in the goodness of the ma
terial that Kellogg's new General As
semblywill be composedof Shall
we quietly wait the tide of events and
give one more trial to men who have
been judged and condemned ? We
will answer the question for ourselves.
It is impossible fo'r them to effect
any good for the white people'of oar
State; their interests, ifthcy have any
beyond personal concern, are in no
way identified with ours, and what
will be good and living legislation
for them, will be bad and death to us.
Their prejudices imbibed from their
education will last them through life.
We are not willing that any. member
of the Radical party in the parish of
Natchitoches should represent us in
the General Assembly or be placed
in any position of trust, either State
or Parochial, for we know them to be
Lcorrupt and would in the future be
the iobbers they have been in the
past.
Now the question is, how shall we
redeem our Parish and State t All
the means by which the colored ele
mcnmet could be neutralized for good,
have been exhausted, and upon the
white vote alone depends the solu
tion of the difficulty and we insist
upon the thorough organization of that
class of our people, with the distinct
understanding that property and in
telligence shall rule, and success is
certain.
A Warning.
It has been evident since the resig
nation of the Police Jury on the 6th
inst., that the leading Radicals are
under the impression the feelings of
the people can be allayed 1. the ap
pointment of such men as have here
tofore borne the name of good citi
zens. We are strengthened in this
opinion by all the acts of those lead
ers since the mnovement to effectually
destroy corrulptiol in our midst bep::n.
The game of bluff, which has n~l,
them been so successful before. was
found to be totally inadequate to an
swer the purpose, and it seems the
mass of the colored men who are
controled by these adventurers, are
much better posted with regard to
tile feeling and conduct of the white
people, as witness their refusal to at
tend the Grand Bolster Jubilee on
the 4th. It would be well that they
should have some ocular demonstra
tion, if their reasoning birwers are so
blunted, that the white peop) are ter
riluly in earnest and are . termined
to name the parties 'wl shall in fu
ture legislate on their property. It
is a fixed question of principle upon
which we are acting, and the founda
tion of that principle is, honest and
capable men must and shall be the
only recipients of ofilce, and the
scalawag and negro leaders here
should be made to distinctly under
stand it.
In working to this end we named
at a Mass Meeting, four honest and
representative men to fill the impor
tant trusts of Police Jurors, and it is
useless to have any others appointed,
and such action on the part of the
Radicals would.be a waste of time,
and might tend to precipitate matters.
So the gentlemen (?) who compose
the leading element of the Republi
can plunderers here, can take warn
ing, or if they choose can act for them
selves. But we give theta fair play
when we tell them, do not try the
temper of the people too far !
The future of Natchitoches looks
to our minds clear and bright, should
the policy indicated be closely follow
ed. Some suggestions may not be
amiss at this moment, with regard to
what spirit should animate our citi
zens to that end.
Some of our truest nien have said
if we should demand the instant re
moval from office, or suspension in
such a manner as to deter tlfem from
dqing evil, of D. H..Boullt, Tax Col
lector, HI. C. Myers, District Judge,
and the entire School Board; we
might place ourselves in the light of
being dictatorial.
. We have, let it be observpd, al
ways heard the "might," eip~rlessed as
if with doubt; seemtingly a ,desire to
draw from the public an expression
of opinion on the point. After con
versations with our leading citizens,
we think we can state their true feel
ings on the situation, and in a meas
ure reflect their opionions as to future
action.
SIt is conceded that we have but
removed ome of the means which has
effected by some "grand cause," a
mine of trouble and plunder of our
people by vile means, but still
there remains that same body of in
dividuals who have handled these
"means" for base purposes, and un
less they are removed we are likely
at any time to have a repetition of the
acts thathave called for such protest as
we are just making, and it is the
opinion .that all parties who have
been the cause, and we know the men,
of the state of affairs as have existed,
should be required to immediately re
sign, or be removed.
We of the Parish of Natchiteches,
have borne longer and more patiently,
the conduct of our public oflicials,
than any other people in this State
weould have dreamed of submitting to.
Let it not then be said that when we
were at last aroused, we failed, from
fear of being considered dictatorial,
of achieving permanent good. Let
us remember those who will form
opinions contrary to what we consid
er our rights, and that those persons
in no way represent in any manner,
questions of principle. We have
long been dictated to, and represent
ing the material interest of a commu
nity must assume that righlt which is
consistent with all principle of being
exacting, even at theim risk of being
considered dogmatical;.for good eiti
zeus bent on a permanent and lasting
reform in government, should in no
way listen to and be swayed by the
opinions of men who, nearly always
Sfront liccuniary interest of thl too
ielat, advise a comprormise with t,,.
corrupt anld tyranieal pasties who are
being assailed for that pisypose.
May and nrighlt, :are but poor and.
iliaries to use in argument when de
fending men for future conduct, whose
past acts have been so oatrageou .
these leading spirits in our midst. All
criminals are entitled to acquittnzee
upon such a plea Uas that, and lags
to enforce purity in society, vYhea
put to such test; be those enactments
human or Divine, are d(lead letters
and void of enforcemelnt.
To saw up, Boullt, iMyers and
Blunt, ar , known to be the suHirem
ounianaderi's of the gangl,, who have
feasted upon the bolyi piolilic, and
through their influence, by their ad.
vice, and with their conselnt, has all
this phlunderinlg been done; then why
should we hesitate to apply the rule
adopted by our mass meetiugs to them,
do we fear their power or opinions?
(Certainly not. Then in the fame of
the white people of our parish, let
their resignation or removal be de.
rnanded and required.
iON Q[IXOTE COLLECTOR SLOPES!
$4366 35 of the People's Mon.
ey Gone !
REDOND\ TIlE RADICAL, LEWVES US
I THE S[IJS,
The Bond a Straw !
It will be remembered that last
week in an article, we alluded to the
tenor of the speech mado by W. l[.
Redmond, the City collector of Natch
itoches, in which speech lie alluded
to his having been charged with be
ing a defaulter, and denounced that
charge as being tilse. This we can
now see was but another exemplifi
cation of the "wincing of the galled
jade;" for upmon the examination of
his affairs by a committee appointed
by the city administrators, he was
found to be in arrears $4366.35, ac
cordiag to his omen books, that amount
will probably be largely increased
when a thorough examination has
been had into the receipts hIe has is
sued, the collection of Quarantine
Taxes, &e. His bond is said to be
worth less, from the fact that the par
ty's sureties are not worth the amount
expressed, and the bond, by reason of
neglect, has not been recorded. Se
the tax payers and citizens of Natchi
toches, are left in the suds. Red
mond left for parts unknown lst
week, and although Ihis absence was
noted within a day or two after, en
quiries as to where lie was, were qui
eted by the assurance that lie had
gone fishing. No steps have bees
taken for his apprehension, although
lIe is now known to have absconded.
This is another telling argument
against the Radlieal rulers here, as
this man was a particular pet of
Blunt, Myers, Bouzllt and Lewis, the
grand thieving quartette and mana
gers in general of all the villainies
perpetrated on our people.
We opine Redmond has gone te
New Orleans to confer with his friends,
and entertain King Kellogg with the
cock and bull story that "the oflicials
are being persecuted in Natehitoches,
because they are Republicans." Citi
zens of'Natchitoches ! who is respon
sible for this, and whiat~ re you going
to do about it?
Why stand yon with folded arm
while the vile miscreants who ae
the responsible parties, are quietly
smiling at your discomfiture. YeM
know the men, and you deserve lat
the name of cowards if you submit
one instant longer.
Mass Meeting m Sabime
MANY, July 14th, 1l87I.
At a Masss Meeting of thie citirilS
of the Parish of Saine, assembled is
Many on the 1t day of July, alter
the object of the meeting was exl.laiu
ed by Mr. Edmund Duggan, Presidest
of the Police Jury, Capt. C. C. Nash
was called to the chair and Mr. F. C
Gay appointed secretary, a committa
was appointed to draft resolutions. /"
Whereupon the following wr ,
unanimously adopted:
Resolved, By the people of the Par
ish of8abinein Mass Meeting waet
bled, that we have witnessed with th
[greatest sympathy and anxiety th
1.great popular nmovement inaugunral.
in the Parisl of Natchitoches on the
part of that deeply wronged and iao
oppressed people to rid themselves d
tihe official abuses to which they ha"e
been subjected, and that we do here
! by tender them our hea-tgv assistance
aRnd co-operation should jihe same
!needed in carrying out their bad.
!able objects.
C. C. NASIH,
Chairman.
F.C. GAY.
Secretary.
. . .. . ,,,t- .,,,- o4 -- ...
"For a young woman to begin tO
: pick linit off a young man's coat c4*
lar" is said to be thee tir.t symptOS
that the young tmu 1i in pt-il.