JAS. iH. COS UROYVE, * * . Editor.
NATCHITOCHES
SATURDAY - - - - Oct. 10, 1874.
Advertising Rates.
1 sqllar.... 4 1l0 #6 590 ~10 414 915 I44-20 "0
2 squares... 700 10 15 0(4 21 00 25 00
3 Squlnarl... 1000 13 0 ) 18 00 25 00 011O
4 squares... 144104 IM "In 22 00 :t 00 3500
5i squares... 17010041 27 040 35 0I 0 40 00
6 sqnares... 2900 94 00 :1 00 40 00 45 00
7 sqlalres... 310 27 0 l7 30 04 0 00 70 ( 0
Ssqutares... 200 30 00 4004 65 00 44 004
10 sq1uares... 34 00 35 00 150 01 57 00 105 00
15 squares... 4510 *o{ 00 70 0n 100 0O 12)5 00
10 squares... 6) 40 81) 00 !1) 00 125 00 150 044
Transient advertisements I1.50 per square of
In lines Brevier, first Insertion. Each subse.
quent insertion 75. cents per Mluare.
OVR JOB OFFPl(E is supplied with a
great variety of type. anld work in this depart.
mont performed with neatness and at moder
ate prices.
Terms, CAQl on delivery of work.
Rates of Subseription.
One C!opy one year........................ l00
One Copy six months....................1 50
(Prayable In advance.)
Notice to Contributors.
No communications will be published
unless accompanied by the author's real
name. lBunt one side of the sheet to be
written upon when sent to us for inser
tion.
Articles to be short and to the point,
to have attention.
These are our rules and they must' be
strictly adhered to.
WHITE PEOPLE'S TICKET.
For Slate Treasurer :
JOHN C. MONCURE,
Of Caddo.
For Congress-4th District:
WILLiAM M. LEVY,
Of Natchitoehes.
For Senator.
J. B. ELAM,
Of DeSoto.
For District Judge.
Winm. H. JACK,
Of Natchitoeches.
For District Attorney.
M. J. CUNNINGHAM,
Of Ntchitoches.
PARISH TICKET;
For Representatives :
W. A. PONDER.
JACOB KILE.
For Parish Judge:
C. F. DRANGUET.
For 8herif:
S. M. HYAMS.
For Coroner :
CHAS. HAMLIN.
For Police Jurors:
WM. PAYNE.
F. JENNINGS.
ILR. E. HAMMETT.
H. R. McLENDON.
W. C. ROSS.
Those who owe the Vindicator will
please come forward and settle. There
can be no excuse for further delay and
we feel that if our patrons but knew
how much we are in need of the
amounts due us, they would pay up
without delay.
The steamer R. T. Bryarly arrived
at Grand Ecore Tuesday morning last
from New Orleans. This is the first
through trip of our packet in some
time. We are under obligations for
favors.
The McEnery officers are still in
power here. No demiand having been
made by the ousted Kelloggites. Our
officials will' yield only to the de
anands, in person, of the U. S. forces.
Let the Patriot remember to Regis
ter. He who falls us now, let his
name be enrolled with the infamous,,
and go down to posterity as a traitor
to his country, his race and his peo
ple.
Carver & Taylor are in receipt of
a select invoice of Boots and Shoes,
direct from the mssfaetory, a, tad nd
especially to order for this trade, in
which bargans;are offered. Purcha
erso will be guaranteed in style, At
and matedial. Call early.
People of Nstchitoebes-remember
you have but TWO WEEKS MORE
In which to REGISTER. We calf upQ
on yeou in the sacred name of Amerp.
can eitieass, to come forward and se
cure your right to vote. Your old
papers will do you no good..
The Prsidents of ward clubs will
meet at Lacost's saloon on Monday
neot, in joint Iseeson with the Cen.
tral Committee. Do not fail to at.
tend, as business of the utmost im.
portance is to be transacted.
Compromise or What?
It seems that the "arrangement"' ef
fected in New Orleans, whereby an
"advisory board," which by the way
is constituted outside of the law, was
appointed, and two members of the
Returning Board, ad now constituted,
were;to resign and their presence to
be replaced by two from the People's
Party, within twenty days, meets
with but little favor, and the non
fulfillment of the agreement on the
part of the Kelloggites, is hinted at
pretty strongly by the N. O. Repmbli
can. This is no more than we had
expected from the first, and we are
now as much at a loss to know what
real good this conference on the part
of the unauthorized Committee of the
People's Party with Kellogg, will
bring about. We hope that there is
not one man among us who supposes
"wae are to have a fair count." If so
he must be of a remarkaldlesoft mind.
We have gained nothing by this com
promise and we have lost dignity
have descendedifrom our high position
of redeeming down trodden Louisi
ana, to a miserable scramble for of
fice-if that is not the loss of dignity
we do not know what is. our staunch
friend, the Bulletin of New Orleans,
does not like it, nor does any of us,
but our respect for the gentlemen
composing the comlittee on confer
ence, led us to believe that they were
only honestly mistaken in the whole
matter.
It is useless for the Picayune to ap
ply to us of North Louisiana, the
Terrebonne compromise as a sequence
to the acts of the New Orleans con
ference committee, for we proclaim
that we will do no such foolish, suici
dal thing. Are the people o'f Terre
bonne and the Picayune, aware of the
fact that we have been "all-along
there"--that we have tried that very
same game-tried it in 1867, at the
first election under the present Con
stitution-tried it in 1870 in organi
zation, with colored men for the Leg
islature, for Coroner, for Police Ju
rors and for Sheriff, launched our
ticket freighted with success, as we
thought, and as Terrebonne no doubt
now thinks, had our ratification meet
ings, our speeches, our barbecues and
come out of the canvass worse beaten
than ever before. And then sum up
the results of such a canvass, results
serious to the welfare of our people.
When the party took the liberty of
nominating and voting for colored
Republicans, why all the weak-kneed
and tincture whites went over to
the Radicals, not on a question of
principle, but for spoils, our party was
disorganized and even now we feel
the effects of that baneful and use
less snbtifuge, a mixed ticket, a coin
promise at the sacrifice of principle
Bah ! it makes our gorge rise to thinkl
of it.
From what we see now, this is
what is intended to be done. Tihe
country Parishes will make these
saeriflees, it is not required of New
Orleans, and that city is safe ; we
must look out for ourselves. AND
THIS IS CALIiM A' COMPROMISE TO
BENEFIT THE PROPLE OF LOUISIANA!
Shame! shame upon you for attempt
ing even to so deceive as. We now
propose to "take care of ourselves,"
to do so independently of any action
of a committee. The local interest of
New Orleans may be too great to admit
of fuarther resistance, as intimated by
the city press; we of the country
parishes, will show that no interest is
too great to stand ina the way of men
bent upon patriotic intents. We
must be undevtood when we speak
of New Orleans, that we are not al
lading to the mass of its people, but
to the men who seem so bent upon
ehokeing out all further resistance
to the Kellogg usurpation, and as we
are being continually miesander;stood
by the Badical press, our articles gar
Ibled and oar meaning cloaded, we
desire to any to tlhem that weare not
classing armed collisions' under the
Shead of future resistance. It Is the
Stotal abandonment on.the part of the
white people of any support to, or
affiliation with the Kelloggites. Let
Ithem ran tihe State, if Grant desires
p it and it is the wish of the Northern
Speople, but we will have no hand it,
Iand when it is atterly ruiped, as it
sIrey will be-when our property
and all shall have gone into the hands
of the Tax Collector's, which is as cer
aipo as we arit; no m~h canm upbraid
as fbir the desolation and ruin. No
shaking of "gory locks" at us.
!efore e would' aecept suceh halt
waye compromises uas those offered by
Sthe Committees; compromises which
force as to aknowledge falsehoods,
which ask as everything and give as
nothing; we would advise oar people
Sto remadn at home on the 21 of No.
vember, seal their wrongs in their
own beolaos, submit to whatever out
rage is in store for them, and camly
await the end. But we do no such
thing; we will endeavor to carry this
election, but if we do not, we assume
the same attitude we did in the begin.
ning, that we will no longer sutbmt to
the rule of the corrupt, the ignorant or
the vicious.
The Parish of Natchitoches has
made officials of that class resign by
moral force alone, and she proposes
to do so for all time to come. We
admit the impossibility for the Radi
cals of this parish, to nominate good
men, for that wing of the Rlepublican
party here, have none among them
who are not corrupt, ignorant or vi
cious. We have good Republicans
here, who honestly desire good gov
ernment; meen who founded the Repub- 1
lican party in this section; men of
property; Union men from all time,
bnt they are worse thought of than we
are, and could never get nominated at
the hands of the present leaders, who
at present embrace in tote renegqade
Democrats. Now what are we to do f
Simply this; elect your Radical ticket
if you can, lBut if it does izot contain
men whom we know are hlonest and
capable, then you must look for a re
petition of the 13th June. l'e will
have them resign. Let the North Lou
isiana parishes embrace this idea, and
we are sure that in time success will
crown our efforts.
Temper of our People.
North Louisiana seems to be "com
ing in" for a large share of the "bloody
rebellions" vituperation, anld must be
regarded from abroad as "red hand
ed" indeed, if all we hear of as is
true.
All this comes from a "little start',
Natchitoches gave the ball in June
last, in which we divested ourselves
of as rascally a set of officials as have
disgraced this State since 1467. Now
in doing all this, not one drop of blood
was shed; not one man was killed.
And we naturally ask, why are we
regarded as so demoniac 9 We are
fully aware how these tales go. How
they are harped about and made more
of, but we must protest it is really
amusing to see to what extent can be
pushed the simple fact-embraced in
a few words, that the Radical officials
stole from the whites in Natchitoches,
until the whites grew tired it, or could
not pay any more; when the said of
ficials were made to resign. This is
all-"nought extenuated-nothing set
down in malice." Republicans, Dem
ocrats, whites and blacks, were all
engaged in making the resignations
forthcoming, and all are equally res
ponsible, if there be such a thing.
Our people are all of the same nerve
to-day, and they will ever be. If the
Radical wing of the Republican party
nominate nen known to be ignorant
and corrupt, and elect that tick
et, they cannot serve, not that
any body will be killed--any one
hurt. Far from it, they will simply
be made to resign. Why We know
all their men; we know that they
have their oath-bound clubs, from
whose fold the poor ignorant negro
imagines it to be death to stray, we
know the class of argument used
agginst us, and above all, we know
that among the Radical leaders here
there is not one honest man. The col
ored people know it as well as we do,
and will go in and help us "clean
them out again." Now about troops
-we want them, are not one bit
afraid they will do us harm-would
prefer many to a few. Trade is dull,
they would revive it, and some of as
are ready to "put up the last cliip"
in a game of poker, with the officers.
Send them along, they can "kill two
birds with one stone," put in the
Kelloggites, and we can assuwre them
they will never get in unless so in
stalled; and assist our people to res
tore trade.
In the meantime we are "running
the machine"-have no taxes to pay
-no courts to atteqd and no crime
for it to attend to-in fact we are
generally .happy; in the n'eantlme
the Courthouse is subject to the or
ders of Gen. Emory, or some compe
tent authority. The demand of the
Federal authorities for our "sitnation"
will be complied with, otherwise
we'll "hold out." Selai.
The peace of the city under the re
gime of the white man has never
been more quiet. Not a man arrest.
ed in the city forx a month past. The
parish also is freer from crime than
at any time within six years. No
courts-no crime. That's well!
Twitchell failed to get the U. 8.
forces sent to Coushatta, to encamp
apon his plantation; he failed to get
a guard for his especial benefit; he
failed to get a supply of arms from
the Major commanding, "and yet-he
is not happy."
Weather cool and bracing. Cot
ton picking going on briskly--yield
turniSg oat well. Corn crop short,
Intimidation means Outrage.
hle presence of Federal troops in
North Louisiana will have, we are t
sorry to say, an opposite effect to v
what was intended by those who were I
instrumental in sending them to our tl
midst. Instead of their intimidating d
us, we are only fearful that their dis- n
play twill only tend to provoke collis- u
ion. (VWe know well the character of I
the colored man ; know himn to be o
quiet and docile if left tnadvised by F
had designing men, and history teach. a
es as what demons in human shape c
are inferior ignorant races, when v
aroused by appeals to their passions c
and prejudices. We of the South, p
look upon this great issue in its real 4
presence, and we are forced from lo- t
cal habitation to take part in what-. i
ever conflict may arise. We are t
aware of the surroundings of the col- e
ored people in our parish-the charae. I
ter of the men who are their leaders, i
and we can but feel that serious con- t
sequences will result from the pres- t
ence of Federal troops here. //Not i
that the troops will provoke it'per- t
sonally, but the occupancy of this t
parish by United States soldiers, 1
gives license for the official return of I
the men. who are responsible personally I
for all the troubles under which we
now labor, and which we have par- I
tiatly thrown off. IWhat advice can t
be expected of these men to our col- t
ored people t None but the most ex- a
treme-the most incendiary-When c
"the time comes that Republicans ({) t
can express their opinions," as some t
of their leaders have boasted ; (if the t
time ever existed when they could c
nbt,) what scenes of strife most we r
look fort For w'e say now, as we al- r
ways said, that the people-the white I
people of Natchitoches parish, will no I
longer be robbed and plundered and i
thlen insulted by the minions who have a
heretofore done so, or by any other set i
of individuals, be there troops here or
not. J1 Fellow-citizens are you aware
what comes on the heels of this "in
timidation" of the white peoplet It
is the public insult of yourself and -
your families, the plunder of your t
fields and granaries, the murder of
your young men by drunken, brutal ,
negroes, urged on by such cowardly I
miscreants as H. C. Myers pad that 4
ilk., You all rememb.er the outrages
perpetrated upon us in 1865, when I
the "fruits of freedom" was first felt 1
by the then "late emancipated; and
you will have a repetition of these,
augmented a thousand fold by nine
years of vicious teachings. At the
same time our people are not tame
and docile, as we then were, we had I
not lost all hope ; but now dispair has i
taken possession of our hearts, and 4
we believe that nothing we coukld or
would do will render our lot hlarder.
Then resistance must come to any act
of insult-or oppression to our people,
no matter what force may be brought
to bear to oppose it.
The Swallows Homeward Fly. i
At last the anx, W. IH. Twitchell;
if it be not an insult to humanity to I
call such a person as Twitohell, a man; (
has retqued to Couslhatta-to Red
River parish, where he had swallowed I
up in his insatiable maw, the mate- I
rial interest of her people, and blight- I
ed with his poisonous influaece, the
good understanding which should ex
ist between the white and colored
citizens of Red River. His advent
among us this time is in striking con- a
trast with that of his fist. If we are a
not mistaken, himself and Dewees'
were then, accompanied with burglar
tools and the usual paraphernaliah of
first class house-breakers, how he
used these tools with his power, the
heggery and ruin of that parish fully
attests. To-day he returns to view
the once scenes of his victory, in all
"The pomp and lcreaumstmac f war,",
surrounded by the protecting hand of I
Grant's soldiers to shield him from
tihe vengeance of an oitraged people. (
He comes to bere-elected to the 8tate i
Senate; to fill an honorable position I
which he has debased to the end that I
he might become rich and mighty. I
He stands among the people of this 4
District, as the foun'thief of a tlerigi
enate; his hands red with the
blood of his own kindred, for he, and
be alone, is responsible for their death, I
and asks at the hands of an honest
people, to be returned to a position I
the most honorable within our gift.
We shall see how he succeeds. 4
The article in to-day's issue, from I
the Shreveport Times, which will he I
found elsewhere, speaks truly our I
situation. But this should not dis-1
courage us. 'Our own friends, it I
seems, are bent upon betraying us. a
Selfishneess has been their pasion in 4
the past, and no condition in which
we can be placed can make them I
shake it oE We, of Natchitohes, I
first inauagurated the movement of re- a
form, and we will be the lint to cease.
Reform Candidates (?)
We propose to give the people of
this parish alfair warning of dangers
which surround them, outside of
Federal interferance, and greater
than "straightfout Radical (tickets,"
dangers iwhich they will be called
upon to tneet; with moral fforce and
unless'!overcome will be our ruin.
It will be the purpose of the Radicals
of this, astwell as other parishes, to
place in the field what they consider
a good set of nominations; a ticket
composed of such men from the whites
who are in sympathy with the,!Radi
cals; not with the principles of their
party, but tile feeling kindred, one
had man has for his like 'a feeling
to make money easy, no matter how
made, and a few of their own charac
terless charlatins who represent the
entire ring, know its wants and are
prepared to go any length to secure
its success. In other words, the bit
terness of the pill, they will endeavor
to conceal by a few seeming good now- 1
inations. The local acquaintances of
the individuals who accept novuina
tions at the hands of the Radicals,
know well the object of such men,
but those abroad, and the ignorant
negro at home, are both deceived
with the vigorous cry that these pap
hunters will keep up, of their intents
upon "reform," and their being "of
the people"--in fact, with all the false
argumentswhich have been used by
every white man who has gone into
the Radical party since its advent in
to Louisiana; which may be summed
up in these words, "I join the Radi
cal party to reform it, and to benefit
my people"--when all the acts of these
men, without one honorable exception,
have been more villaiNo#s than the
Radical's themselves; their name too
is legion, and they class from Long
street, down!'to'.suehc men as we see
in our midst every day.
Let us be warned in time of this
great evil which is to befall us, and
we will now may to our people, that
we propose to do our share of the
work to avert it. As soon as the
ticket so to be nominated is known,
we will give the history of every man
upon it, no matter who that man is,
his history as a public citizen and the
character upon which he must rest his
claims for the suffrage of our citizens.
In the meantime let],nothing be re
laxed in our endeavors to succeed at
the ballot;.box. Register every man
who is in your wards entitled to suf
frage. Enroll in your clubs every
person whopis with us, and let every
citizen who loves' Louisiana and hates
her enemies, go the polls in Novem
ber and vote the white people's tick
et.
We desire to correct a statement
which appeared in last weeks issue
with regard to Cap. Hienn's being in
command of the Belle Rowland at the
time she came up with troopi Such
we learn is not the case, and we fell
into the error very naturally, as lie
was advertised as' suchl up to the day
of departure.1We now desire to say
that our "thanks" then express to
Capt. Heinn, are hereby withdrawn,
and tendered instead, to,Capt. G. IW.
Rea, and in this connection we beg
leave to state that the latter gentle
man will not soon be forgotten by
oar people.
Tickets to the Rapides Agricultu
ral Fair, whlch; entitle the holder to
admission to the FAIR GROUNDS
and a chance 'in the GRAND LOT
TERY, are for sale at the following
places AT 75 CENTS PER TICKET:
CARVER & TAYLOR, CASPAsU & Dsar
menC, T. Scanxuaui and the VU1DIcA
ToQ OrrICi.
We beg to call the attention of
those in want of cheap and durable
goods, to the fact that Carver & Tay
loy, Front street, are receiving and
opening their mammoth Fall stock
of choice membuadim, direct from
the New OrleSas and St. Louis mar
ket.. Special inducements are offered
to buyers for cash or cotton, and they
feel sure of giving great bargaiJns
call and examine and we are satisded
yen will be pleased,
We see our advise has been taken
by oaur friends of lte Brevelle at last,
and the planters in the vincinity of
the 24 mile ferry have saeceded in
fixaing the gailt of purchading seed
cotton in sacks, at night, from freed
man. upon two, Charles Dupre and
BelnsDupre, itinerant merchants at
the above named place. This matter
has assumed serious proportions and
from later events we understand the
ferreting out of these men has led to
oan armed demonstration on the part
of Dupre and his friends. We inatead
to keep this matter before our peo
pie and hope that all seed cotton sel
lers of this chamracter, and the pur
chasers will be promptly arrested and
dlelt with to the extent of the law.
From the patriot who truly loves
his country, more is expected than
from ordinary time servers, and in
this connection are our people asked
to-day, to submit to the rule of cer
tain men under the occasion of the
presence of the Federal armies, when
at ordinary times the very presence
of these men would lead to serious
results. That we do submit is a fact
demonstrated by our conduct, that
we do so from force is also demon.
strated by the presence of the forces
of the United States army. This
question of "patience and fories.
ante" is a virtue we,'of N'atchitohhse,
have practiced until it has become a
sin ; a sin like all goods and ienefits
intended by a Divine Creator for man.
kind, when carried to extremes be
get in themselves sin, and we do not
like to betray ourselves further in
preaching doctrines which, from over
zealousness, have become for practi
cal purposes, obsolete. All that has
been done by us of Natchitoches, has
been done peaceably and quietly
without bloodshed or serious distur
bance, our teachings have been pa
tience and forbearance, but never to
carry the practice of these virtues to
such extremes as degredation and
submission to foul wrongs. No--ne
er. There is a point, which we have
reached, where mere forbearance will
cease to be a virtue, and ire cannot
counsel our people to remain like
"hewn blocks" under one of the nmost
outrageous acts ever consumated in
the history of North Louisiana, that
of installing*H. C. Myers as District
Judge of this District. Let it not be
understood however, that this coun
set is to be construed into "an armed
demonstration"-an action our ene
mies are only antions for as to take,
but that of a resistance of petition and
remonstrance; as we in this revolution,
seem to be going backward. To in
augurate this movement let the peo
ple again assemble-make and pre
sent specific charges against these
corrupt oflicials--hebarges we are wil
ling and able to prove in any unbias
ed court of competent jurisdiction
we will then call upon our committee
appointed in June last, to demand
from them in person their- resigns
tions-we will do this in the aetual
presence of the Federal army, and show
to the world that we are not fearful
of doing what we know is right. It
will be asked, what we will do in the
event of refusalf We will Msy that
public opinion-the opinion that all
honest men will have for them, coup
Jed with the fear that all iech char
acters hare for a Brutus, who will arise
to rindicate the wriong of our people,
and the outrage that these miscreants
perpetrate upon society by their pres
ence among men; these facts will de
ter them from acting longer in oflicial
capacities they but disracme. Let us
never cease to make war upon them,
both in their official and private ca
pacities-discountenance any person
who meets them as gentlemen npon
our streets; shut your doors and youear
hearts to them; let them be out-casts
to every feeling of mercy yeou may
avre; so that living they may only
encumber the earth, and dying de
send to hell covered with the curses
of every virtuous man in Louisiana.
'The radical wing of the Republi
can party, or we shbould say the Kel
loggites, ,met in their majesty, one
night during the week, and nomiunated
a ticket, which we understand is as
follows: For Sheriff, V. A. Barren,
for Parish Judge, J. E. Breda, for the
Legislature, E. L. Piersmon, H. iRaer
for Police Jurors, Esernacek, Clements.
Carroll Jones, Chas. Boasls and H
H. Hathora. The last named gentle
man will not accept a place upon
such a ticket. The enatire affair is too
thin, and they must miajudge the tem
per of our people if they auppose we
would stand neh a thing. The Po
liee Jary would never be sabmitted
to. Ofthe whole ticket our people
can judge; and we are very well as
sured of their verdict already. We
can see the "mater hand" all the
way through, and it seems strange
how juchl it takes to convinee some
people.
Grand opening ofthe City Billiard
Saloon, Laoste building, will take
place at an early day. The Hall will
be renovated and repaired. A drink
ing saloon will be attached where the
choicest of liquors, wines, eigars, ke.,
can be supplied. Launch will be soerv
ed at all hours which is in itself a new
attraction. Due noties will be given
of the day and date of opening.
SThe quiet of old Natchitoches was
Sbroken upon on Monday morning last,
by the almost unknow cry of Fire!
Sand our citizens were promptly at the
scene. It proved to be a small build
Sing occapied by eolored people, and
Sbelonging to our friend S. Parson.
SThe building and eontente were en
Stirely coasubed. How about Horse
and a Fire Company.