1A. 1I. CONGROVE, - - * Editor.
NATCHITOCJHEJ
SATURDAY, - - Febrnury ~. 1877
Largest Circulation
Of any Country paper in
the State.
Rates of Subscription.
One Year...................... $2 50
Six Moth.............. .......... 1 50
No subscription taken for less than 6
months.
Advertisements inserted at the rate of
$1.50 per square for the first insertion,
and 75 cents for each subsequent one.
Ten lines or less, solid Brevier consti
tute a square, or one hundred words.
Judicial Advertisements One Dollar
per hundred words, (square) first inner
tion, 50 cents for each subsequent iuser
tion. Payable in advance.
All Transcient Advertisements paya
ble in advance, and all Advertisements
for a less time than 6 months, are Tran
seent.
Regular Advertisements payable quar
terly, in advance.
Advertisers in the Northern Cities
MUST apply to our Agents for terms and
contracts, ior no attention will be paid
to applications to us in person from that
iOetlo(n.
AGENTS.
All orders for Advertising must be
contracted with onr Agents.
No attention paid to propositions ex
cept from them.
G.*P. Rowell & Co., New York.
N. M. Pettengill & Co., "
Ayer & Son, Philadelphia, Penn.
Edwin Alden, Cincinuatti, Ohio.
E. Freshman & Bro., "
Chandler, Lord & Co., Chicago, Ill.
Rowell & Chesman, St. Louis, Mo.
W. W. Sharp & Co., 25 Park Row, N. Y.
Thos. MclItyer, New Orleans, La.
J. Curtis Waldo, "
Newspaper Laws and Regula
tions.
I. Subscribers who do not give express
notice to the contrary, are considered
wishing to continue their subscription.
2. If subscribers order the discontinn
ance of their periodicals, the publisher
may continue to send them until all ar
rearages are paid.
3. If subscribers neglect or refuse to
take their periodicals from the office to
which they are directed, they are held
responsible until they have settled their
bills, and ordered them discontinued.
4. If snbscribers move to other places
without informing the publishers, and
the paper are sent to the former direc
tion, they are held responsible.
5. The courts have decided that "refu
sing to take periodicals from the office,
or removing and leaving them uncalled
ftr, is prima facie evidence of intention
al fraud."
6. Any person who receives a newspa
per and makes use of it, whether he has
ordered it or not, he is held in law to be
a subscriber.
7. If subscribers pay in advance. they
are bound to give notice to the publish
er at the end of their time, if they do
not wish to continue taking it; other
wise the pueblsher is authorized to send
it on, and the subseribers will be rea
ponsible until an express notice, with
payment of all arrears, is sent to the
publisher.
J.B. LEWIS
The Best Churn made-Hern
don's, o T. Haller's Tin establish
meaL
Our readers will please excuse
the errors found in last week's is
sue, as the VINDICATOR went to
press without being corrected.
President Grant persistently re
fuses to snceor Paekard-.positive
ly declines, in fact, to recognize
him. That he does not recognize
Nicholls, we can well understand,
but the fact of his not rushing to
Packard's assistance, we take as
a ,javorable indication for our
cause,
The Nicholl's government is one
that time will strengthen-it is
built upon the hearts and arms of
a people who are determined to
sustain it or perish. Packard's ef
fort .is an abortion that time will
kill. It cannot live ten days, and
the moment the bayonet prop is
removed, will dispel itself into
thin air.
HERNDON'S PATENT OBURN
AT T. HALLER'S 8TOVE DE
POT.
Our friends must be patient and
fill ot hope. We assure them that
all will be well. Hayes, we are
pained to say, will be declared
President of the United States,
which is as great a surprise to
him as to us. That be was never
elected, either by the popular or
electoral vote of the States, be, as
well as every man in the Union,
knows hall well. The fact is, we
bare rebced the end ot popular
elections, and the fnale of the
Amerlean Republic, We will nowr
drift off into that chaos of govern
ment existing between a Consti
tational Monarchy and a sick De
mocracy, from which it will take
time to place as on the higher
plane of the former,
Wantad to esebhage Texas leads
o Loaikbs lhnds.
d. J. M.Cool & Bao.
The Democracy and the South.
The second betrayal of the Sothlb
her people and her interests by the
Northern Democrat is more than suf
ficient to satisfy us, and should be to
satisfy every thinking person, that no
good either to our interesta, institu
tions or people, can come by further
alliance with them.
.,uccess can never crown any effort
they may make to secure control of
the National Government, for their
cowardice will cause them t,, give up
victory already won, when their op
ponents show even a disposition not
to submit, and their idiocy would
never succeed in bringing about the
great reforms the country requires,
and must have or perish, if they
should once, accidentally, get power;
for it would be an accident if they
did succeed.
Hayes is President, although never
elected. No respectable man capa
ble of blushing will ever say that
Hayes was elected-such is not clahn
ed for him, but nevertheless le is
President-and why, pray ? simply
because his party backers are men
without nice scruples, and bluffed the
elected man, Tilden, and his met. com
pletely out of their victory.
Does any sane man doubt that
Hayes and his party will not be sup
ported by the great majority of the
American people f If there be any
who do doubt it, we pity them, for
Americans admire cheek, and ap
plaud success, both of which Hayes
and his party can lay sole claim to.
Does any sane man suppose that
the Republicans ever seriously in
tended to have the President of the
Senate count in the President, as
their orators claimed ? Cei tainly not.
It was part of their "sharp practice,"
that was to end in the way it did-
in the Electoral Bill, which, from the
moment of its promulgation settled
the fact that Hayes was to be Presi
dent non obstante. Had the Radi
cals failed to have secured, the pas
sage oithis law that placed the trump
card in their own hands and gave
them the power to play it, no matter
how wrongfully, fraudulently and
outrageously obtained, without being
brought to judgement therefor, they
would have on the 14th of this month
when the two Houses met to count
the votes, silently yielded to tire law
and the precedents, and accepted de
feat with what grace they could.
In ot her words, the Radical party
defeated, overwhelmed and routed
at the polls, brought to bear upon
their timid adversaries that only le
ver of success in all political parties
aggression-even in defeat, and put
on foot a movement covered with a
parapharnalia of revolt but within a
rank and hideous bluff. Zarek Chan
dler claimed 8tates--the claim was
voceferously echoed by the party
from Maine to the Rio Grande. Re
turning Boards went to work mani
pulating, mutilating and forging re
turns-the army spread over them its
protecting mantle. Troops thronged
at Washington, and Congress held
session under tire frowning muzzles
of Napoleon's in battery-all this was
th paraphanalia of the binuff. Chao
dier's claims were an idle boast nec
essary as a foundation for that bluff
troops and cannon added solemnity
to the ginning farce-they were the
puppets, as the Radicals well thought
and which results justified, that would
frighten thie cowardly Democrats who
had won the victory but did not
know how to preserve it.
How well all this "sharp practice"
succeeded the inaugmration of a can
didate with a mfnority of popular and
ele'toral votes will fully show, and to
say that the Democratic party could
live after so fearful a crime wonld be
to enunciate nonsense.
What is the South to do in all this
wreck and ruin f The result so se
riously effects, at least two States,
Louisiana and South Caolinao, that
the very autonomy of their citizens
and their esietance as Common
wealthis ha the Republic depend opon
some individual action on their part.
Tire situation calls at once for the
wisdom of her people to invoke a
spirit of materialism and sink the
,lind idealists. "Louisiana and South
Carolina must take care of them
selves," whirls across the continent to
their down trodden shores, and causes
tBe stoutest of their son's hearts to
beat with anguish at the thought of
the precariousness of their situation.
VWhat does this notice to "take care
of oursnelves" mean ? To put it in a
homely way, it is another instance of
the sucked orasge. "Gentlemen of
Louisiana and South Carolina, say
the Democrats, you have served your
purpose to ws-furnished a world of
political capital. Thie wrongs and
the outrages yea have sauffered in
apired our poets and. orators, and
the theme of carpet-bag- negro op
pression of white virtue, wealth
and intelligence, lives embalmed in
stump orations and jingling verse,
bat to aasist yeou further would me
teri.Ily injure us, and ire are sorry,
bet moet bid ye gooad morning iV
What right have wm to murmer.
The deceived wretch frois time im
memoral has been the butt of the
populace, and nothing is left them,
than they must let the concealment of
those wrongs feed upon thleir hearts
in silence.
Ab, Mr. Demoeracy, you may turn
your backs on us now iln our darkestI
hour, bt you bhave awakened the
vengeance of the betrayed, who
will stab your cowardly party to the
heart. We are not the wretch you
think as, and thank Heaven l are
yet powerful to right our wrongs.
We can never be Republicans-that
Is a physical and moral impossibility.
We are not like our Northern breth
ren. Sharp practice is left to shys
ters here, and such victory as the
Republicans have just achieved ex
cites in us the liveliest disgust; which,
added to the hate engendered by
years of wrong, outrage and oppres
sion, render them to us impossible
political companions. Then with
Democracy ; we have 'scaped the se
cond foul betrayal, and the twice
burned child dreads the fire. They
who evince so much cowardice as to
commit crime are to us contempta
ble, and with those we dispise we can
have no nffiliation.
Onr power lies in holding the bal
ance between the thieves and the
cowards of the North-between the
Radicals and the Democrats of that
section. That power is ours and we
must use it, for its use puts in our
hands the control of the entire legis
lation of this country. We make
terms only where benefit comes. The
North has grown rich at our expense ;
it is time for us to enjoy some of the
benefits of the Union, which seems to
be the idea entertained of its intent
by Americans.
The question now comes to us; will
our people discard these theoretic,
poetic and abstract leaders, and se
lect men, who, knowing our wants,
will loudly claim them. Time will
tell if we have learned modern wis
dom from this defeat.
Just received a new lot of wagons
at McCook & Bro.
The following telegraphic corres
pondence explains itself:
Natchitoches, February 8, 3:10 P. M.
To S. B. Packard, Governor of Louisiana,
New Orleans:
Mr. C. F. Danguet qualified as mayor
of this city under Nicholls' commission,
and took possession of the offices on the
sixth instant. Is not that a violation of
the status quo i He also put out his po.
lice force. ED. EZERNACK.
Governor Packard returned the follow
ing reply :
New Orleans. Feb. 9, 1877.
To Ed. Ezernack, Natchitoches, Louisiana
It is in violation of statu quo, and Sim
mons is still the lawful mayor of Natchi
toches, but in a few days the Louisiana
case will be finally and favorably settled.
Better wait till then. 8. B. PACKARD.
Both these parties, had they stud
ied the question a moment, could
have known that Mayor Dranguet and
his Board did not violate the status
quo, from the fact, that there was no
claimant to the ofices to which Mr.
Dranguet and his Board were elected.
Ezernack and Packard, both, show
lamentable ignorance of the Presi
dent's direct order, and the latter
speaks idiotically when hie says "Sinm
mons is still Mayor." Simmons has
qualified, and has been acting for
sometime, as Parish Judge of this
parish.
How is it that Packard, Ezernack
and the New Orleans Republican, are
so strennous to insisting that Sim
mons is Mayor now; when Horton
murdered Mr. Garza, every mothers.
son of them proclaimed that Mr.
Dranguet was, and tried to saddle
the responsibility of the outrage up
on him.
It simply shows that these fellows
blow hot and cold, as their seeming
interests would require.
Champion Improved BUCK'S
BRILLIANT Storves. HERN
DON'S PATENT CHURN, and
all lines of HOUSE FUBRNISH
ING goods at T. Hailer's.
Tas TALK indulged in by tele.
graphers, about "disgracingthe Com.
mission," "staltification" and suech
stuff, may be eminently consoling to
the badly beaten Democrats in Con
gress ; it is rather, as it were, a "sonr
grape" comfort to that body of eow
ardly idiots supposed to represent in
Washlington the "vast popular major
ity" of American citizens. Mr. Hew
itt, no doubt, draws large alleviation
to his distressed mind from the fact
that, to him, this "Commission," his
own creatnre, "stultified itsel'f"; this
will, no doubt, be quite refreshing to
his wounded spirit as he elip con
puns from those bonds, that a manly
service and defence of right might
have endangered, in ohbscore retire
ment. Mr. Hewitt and his delightful
companions whose iocompetenee from
ignorance or unwortlhiness for basewr
reasons have slain the Democratic
party, thIe constitution and the liber
ty of the American people, can be as i
sored that the "solid yeomen"
who are to suffer by all this vjllany will
not put up with such pleas. The few,
thank God there were a few, but not
suofetent to save ms, who had the
moral courage to stand oat against
this fool wrong from the beginning
wll be greatfmilly remembered by a
mtafering people, but the eonstitueney
of such as HBewitt and those who voted
with hint will consign him and them
to that oblivion whlieh awaits the
idiot, who try to play the role of
statesmen, when they can
"Think on th' insulting aorn, the eon.
ecious pange,
The future aiseries that await th' aspo
tate."
A 8QUARE MEAL FOR FIFTY
CENTS at Burdiek's Boarding House
Depend Upon our Arms.
Confronted at last with the fact,
reiterated time after time in these
columns, that the people of this State
most alone solve the difficulties un
der which they groan, it does not
strike dismay to our hearts nor should
it cause a moment's fear to any mlot
tal within the borders of our State
who lay claim to the name of MAN.
The fable we have referred to more
than once, of the "lark and the farm
er" has been illustrated in every par
ticular, as we said it would be, and
one by one those who intended to
profit by our troubles and misfortunes,
which not feeling they could not real
ize, turn their backs upon us and
leave uA to our fate.
We glory at last in that fact. Now
we will be free certainly if we ate
but half as true to our interests as we
have been to those who instilled a
hope of succor for us through their
intervention. That we are equal to
the task before us; that we will come
out of the contest victorious and cov
ered with honor and glory, we doubt
not for a moment. Governor Nich
oils and his party in this State hold
a power in their hands which once
hurled at their enemies will end- no
one can tell where. It may be that
the whole country would become in
volved in the fray and amid the migh
ty throes of Louisiana's people strag.
gling, not for liberty alone, but for
life-existence, may topple to its fall
the already rotten structure of Ame
rican government. Such being the
case, it is a duty we owe to oneselves,
to our families and to our sacred
honors, which we have pledged in
this contest, to hurl upon them that
bolt should they not promptly and
unequivocally recognize our right to
manage our domestic concerns with
out the interference of Federal pow
er. By this action we will teach the
cowardly Democrats of the North a
Jesson in heroism they may yet profit
by-teach them thadt although they
may suffer the rule of a President
made such by the most consummate
"Eillainy, the most outrageous fraud
ever perpetrated, we here do not in
tend to submit to a State Governor
made by the same means. It re
mains with ourselves to say whether
we take Packard or a Military gov
ernment. And the military govern
ment that rules this State be one in
deed -no paper blockade will answer
the purpose. Garrison flags must
float upon the breeze in every neigh
borhood, and the tread of armed Fed
eral soldiers must measure to the
drum beat over every foot of our soil.
The puny, cowardly hand of radical
government must not be seen but the
army must conquor first and then
govern. While that conqurering is
being done, let us do our duty-first
put to thle lamp post or the limb every
scoundrel who has fed and fattened
upon our liberty and our sustenance
-let no cowardly radical hound es
cape the retributive vengeance of
justice; let a thousand armed Brutus
es be ready each with dagger to
plunge it in the heart, black with
crime anid infamy, of some fiend who
has mocked and degraded us through
these bitter, bitter years. When
this is done then confront those hire
lings who obey the behests of power
and bid them that welcome, a desper
ate people driven to despair ever mete
out to their despoilers-the welcome
the lioness gives the hunter when her
lair is invaded and her whelps butch
ered.
Let os make it a day dark as that
upon which the veil of the Temple
was rent in twain, for those who
would conquor us. Let us make Lou
isiana a garden or ia desert.
T, Bailler's Store emporium
keeps Herndon's Patent Churn.
List of Arrlyals at Pritnipal la!els
Blurrdlicks House.
J. E. Messi, Grand Ecore, La., B.
R. Scott, parish; J. A. Johnson, par
ishl; W. H. Huglas, Evansville, Ind.;
Bev. R. IBandles; T. J. Lyon, Sabine,
La.; Dr. J. R. Larkin, Milam, Texas;
8. B. Yerot, Campte, La.; J. D. Ad
dison, Parish; James Brown, Winn,
La.; J. J. Herbert, city; J. H. O.
Antony, Sabine, La.; W. F. Partin,
Winn, La.
Plantetss Hotel.
Francois Petitjean, Parish, La.; J.
M. Longmyer, Campte, La.; Capt.
Butler, Parish; Dr. Jael, Parish;
Armstrong, Sabine. La.; Bell, Texas;
Johnson, Clontierville; A. B. Rudd &
wife, Donaldson, La.; A. Stanton, La
fouche; James Cammack, Parish; J.
Baronett, Parish; C. Virign, Shreve
port, La.; E. Sanches, Railroad: J.
Lesage, lRailroad; F. Petitjean &
wife, Parish; A. Faynes, Cloutier
ville, La.; McCladnan, Sabine; H.
Maurras, New Orleans; V. 8. Ben
oist, Clontiervile, La.; A. Marinovich,
Cloutierville, La.; B. Plaisance Par
ish; John Flemming, Parish; V. M.
Trammell, Parish; J. J. A. Martin,
Parish; L. Prodhomme, Parish.
1Y Get your JOB PUJXTIMG
lone at the VINDICATO Office.
It is wonderful to realize the new
principle, Dr. J. H. McLean's Congh
and Lung Healing Globules. As the
Globule come in contaect with the
SJuices in the Month, a gas generates,
which soothes and heals any Soreness
in the Throat or Lungs, stops Cough.
ing and Consomption. Trial Boxes
255e., by mail, Dr. J. H. LcLeau, 814
Chestnut St, St. Louis.
BUIST'S CARDEN SEEDS.
A FULL supply will be on handeoon;.
also onionsets sand early rose ota
Jan. 13-I[. J. o. TRICHBL.
TELEGRAPIII SUuIIAIR
[SpeDial to the Vindicator.]
New Orleans, Feb. 20.-Gen. Grant
autlhorizes this publication: ,'hat he
will fat recognize either of the con
tending Governors in South Carolina
ot Louisiana, leaving such recogni
tion to his successor. lie believes
Packard's government coUld obly be
oustained by troops. In South Caro
lina the whole United States army
wottld be lnadequate to enforce the
authority of Chamberlain, the people
there refusing to pay State tases
which Grant considers more formid
able and effective than armed forces.
Washington, Feb, 19.-The House
met at 10 and,the Senate entered at 11
o'clock. The decision of the Com
mission was delivered. Gen. Gibson
presented a remonstrance signed by
all the Democrats; its recites the
proof prepared by the Democratic
counsel and proceedings of the (Com
mission, with full detail. The House
will separate when the reading is
concluded. Further progress of the
Commission is improbable to-day.
Howe's Louisiana Committee, upon
which republicans base their hopes of
Packard's recognition, have work
before it for all the week. Gov.
Palmer, of Ill., will be summoned in
connection with Littlefield ,and the
Vernon parttsh btusness. Honore and
his papers must be examined. The
Democratic conneil have nearly com
pleted their preparation of the con
test over Oregon, T'hey say they
will win or disgrace the commission
entirely,
Washington, February 22.-This is
National holiday. Count proceeded
yesterday 'till Oregon was reached.
Objected to and referred to Commis'
sion. Adjourned till Friday at 12
o'clock.
New Orleans, Feh, 10.-President OGrs
has declared positlnely not to interfere
with Louisiana and South Carolina 4i0,
ring the remainder of his term; iie
leaves his successor to determine a,(nd
own Southern policy He says the re
fusal to pay taxes renders it impossible
for an army to sustain any government:
The man in this State who would pay a
cent of taxes to Packard should be hunt
ed down as a traitor to his people.
The position taken by the Democrats
this morning is, that the cowardice of the
National Democracy and the corruption
of the Republican party renders it neces
sary that*ll party ties should he dissolv
ed between the South and them both.
Louisiana especially stands aloof from
all National parties, and with the South,
will hohl the balance of power in Con
gress. To make combinations with the
representatives of any section who will
give us the legislation we want.
Washington, Feb. 20.-Congressman
Ellis and Majs. Burke and Cavanac call
ed upon the President to-day and ex
plained to him the situation of affairs in
this State.
The President informed them he was
satisfied that Gov. Nicholls was acting in
good faith in preserving the statu quo;
and he therefore had no intention of
changing his instructions to Gen. Augur
In the course of conversation the Pre
sident said Gen. Nicholls should not
be held responsible for the freak of the
man who shot at Mr. Packard.
There is great uneosiness in republican
cireles The contest over Mississippi is
abandoned from apprehension that it will
delay the court.
At the last honrs of a Cabin'et session
Louisisana was mentioned but no action
taken.
Washington, Feb. 16.-The following
are the resolutions acted on by the com
mission. Mr. Hoar submitted the follow
ing : "Ordered that evidence be not re
cived." Mr. Abbott offered the follow
ing as a substitute:
"Resolved, That evidence be recetrved
to show that so much of the act of Loui
sianaestablishing the returning board
for that State is unconstitutional, and
said board are void." This was rejected
by a vote of 8 to 7.
Abbott offered another substitute
as follows: "Resolved, That evidence i
be received to show that thle return
ing board of Louisiana, at the time
of canvassing and compiling the vote
of the State, at the last election in
that State, was not constituted under
the laws establishing it; that it was
composed of four persons of one poll
tical party, instead offive persons of
different parties." Rejected by mane
vote.
Mr. Abbott then offered another
substitute : "Resolved, That the
commission will receive testimony on
the subject of frauds alleged in the
specifdcation of counsel for the ob
jectors to eertiicates one and three."
Rejected by same vote.
Mr. Abbott then offered the fourth
substitute: "Resolved, That testimo
ny tending to show that the returo
ing board of Louisiana had no juris
diction to canvass thie votes for elect
ore for President and Vice President,
is admissible." Rejected by same
vote.
Mr. Abbott offered a fifth, rejected
by the same vote, which was as fol
lows: "Resolved, That evidence is
admissible; that thie statements and
allldavits, purporting to have. been
made and forwarded to said board in
pursuance of the provision of section
20. election law of 1872, alleging riots,
tumult, intimidation and violence at
certain polls and in certain parishes
were false and fabricated and forged
by certain disreputable persons under
direction and knowledge of said re
tnuriing board; that said returning
board knowing the said statements
and affidavits to be false and forged,
and that none of such statements and
a8idavits were made in the manner
or form ol in the time required by
law, did iknowingly, willintgly and
framdulently fail and refuse to can.
vass or compile more than 10,000
votes cast, as is shown by the state
ments of the votes of the commins
sioners of election.
'Mr. Hauton offered a sixth sobsti
tote, as follows: "Resolved, That
evidence be received to prove that
votes cast and given at said election
on the 7th of November last, as shown
by returns made by commissioners of
election far said polls and voting
places in said State, have never been
compiled nor eanvassed, and that
said returning board never even pre
teonded to compile or eanvass the re
turns by said commissioners of elee
tion, but said board ony pretended to
canvass retarns made by State super
visors of registration." Rejected by
the same vote.
A seventh sbstitute was offered by
Bayard as follows: "Resolved, Thgt
ao person holdilng an oce of trust or
profit under the United States is
eligible to be apjpointed elector, and
this tommission tWill receive evidence
tending to prove said inelegibility as
offered by counsel for objectors to
cetifleftes Nos. I and $." Rejected
by same vote.
Justae Field offered the eighth and
last substitute, as follons: "Resolv
ed, That in the opinion of this com
mission, evidence is admissible upon
the several imattetas hilch counsel for
objection to members to Nos. I and
3 offer to prove." 'rhis Was also re
jected by the same vote and question
of tliginal order, subumitted by Mr.
Hoar, came tip, vizt "'hat evi
dence offered be not received." Mr.
Payne inWtredto strike aot the word
"not.1 Rejected by the same vote.
The vote on flie original order ass
then taken ahd ft was adopted ty lihe
same vote. After the eonc)uslon ha~l
been reached by the comnmision coun
sel were admitted and thie above
resolution read by the secretary of
the commission, now in secret session.
There is little doubt of the result.
Tw.E LATEST.-Iln)mediately after
the doors were closed Morton sub
mitted a resolution declaring that the
votes of the Htyes anti Wheeler elec.
tion should be counted, are assignedl
five reasons which ate understood to
also cover the case of Oregon and
South Carolina. -lis resolution was
adopted by a vote of eight to seven.
-- ----~~ - -
Our people will be surprised to
learn that the "newt' government
has adopted the "old" ideat of con
ducting the financial affairs of the
city, which will end, of course, as the
`other governments did-in bankrupt
cy. With the best start a govern
went has ever yet had with us, ex
cept perhaps thilhe8rst, the branglet
government set the example of de
preciating their own issue.
With available assets of $8,814.46
bey!ond her liabilities, the city begins
to depreciate those assets 833 per cent
on the dollar, and that too on the
very threshold of their admninistra
tion.
The -Board just relteted, by two
years' econotmy-during which all
pay and isnte was suspended entire,
managed to get the city out of debt
and ahead, but the new government 1
goes to the other extreme, and, while
delating the money worth 75, 80 or I
90 eents on- tlhe dollar, proceed them
selves to depredciate it 384 per cent.
There are eerfrtkfly some finaciers
on the fBoard, and we beg of them to I
look to a plain questiam' of Arithme- r
tic in this matter. If the isseer de.
preciates his own paper 3, per cent,
the public will depreciate it 60 per t
cent, because they will fwoe Confi
deuce in the city's ability to' redeem
it. The fact of dep ceiting their
own script by the Board, gives rise to t
all these suspicions.
There is but one way to keep this
city out of debt. The Board may I
try a thousand other plans, as Cor
porate Bodies have before, but they
will fail. That way is to collect the
taxes for thie currelnt year, 1876--in
United States culrrecy,' contracting,
and lpaying for all work in cash. The
taxes due on years previous to 1876, ,
can be collected in city paper, and
tihe back taxes of 1875, and '74, will
swallow up every dollar of the city
scrip now out, and require four thou
sanud dollars currency on the part of
the taxpayer to meet their delinquent
taxes.
If this city Board iutends to do
anythng to keep us from drifting back
into debt, they had better put a stop
to discounting their own paper. It is
an evidence of utter financial igno
rance to see it done, and the public
will be quick to and it out.
SPECIAL BUSN1ESS IETIOI ,
A fine lot of goods will be sold
at Auction to the last and highest a
bidder for cash, on March 8tb. a
Bargains can be had then and t
there. See the advertisement,
Parties having purchased the
right for HaERDON's PaTTeN.T
CauRN, are informed that T. HAL
L;R, Tin and Store dealer on
Washington Street, is prepared
to supply them with Charns com
plete, on demand.-Ad.
The Detroit Free Press, the adver
tisement of which is published in this
week's issue, is to our mind, the fami
ly paper par arcelence of the Western
States, in fact, of the whole Union. I
For wit, humor, pathos, gossip, inci
dent and choice fireside selections it 0
hias no superior and few equals in the -
whole newspaper world. We hope to
see a large subscription to this really
unsurpassed journal here. We will
be glad to furnish the Free Press in
conneetion with our paper for $3.25. l
The Press alone is $2 per year. Y
d
Wx. TAtLsuL., the veteran nls- t
her man calls attention td his bausiness
in this week's issue. Mr. Trammell
knows all about lnmber, has a first.
class mill, convenientt o market, and
has determined to see it below the
cash prices. If you want building,
fencing or other plank, do not Jail
to give Mr. Trammell a call. Orders
through the Post-Office or to him in
person at the mill will meet with
prompt attention.
----,- --.m 1 --- .,
J W. 8UDDATH has taken. charge of
jthe PII(ENIX saloon on St. Denis St.,
oand requests the patronage of the
public. The choicest of liquors and
eigars will be found at his bar with
the most attentive servants to attend
the wants of lctomers.
W. T. EVRAGE otlert a rPWdl
fot a mule thief. A full desc rp.
tion of the fellow can be found ill
the advertisettent.
S cxtilLarL.-"Simmons' Liver lkeg:
ulator is certainly a specifc for that
cldss of cotffrlt(rttns *irlch it claims to
cure. Of its berieflcitfl effects we do'
know something i and, from personal
experirten'uts, it Is our oliirrion that its'
virtues Iela not been exaggerated by
the mRany tfattetlrig ndttees of the
press. If any of ouf fellow-beiugs
are siftelring front Ilepittic dis(rders,
and have 4Toubts in reilatm to to 1
efficacy of tltis ct(pular preparatioi,
we can onilt offer them the simple an
candid argnntint of Philip to Na.
tha:iel, 'Comie and see.' Try the
proposed remedy, and then you can'
judge for yourselves.
"Rev. I)AVID 'WILLS, President of.
O letlrreqre C'ollege, and Pastar of
Preshyterian Chtrch, Macon. Gi.,'
Prof. Uniiversity of Sodth Caroli.
na."
A CuR:. 'Vo Ctscot'surlTON, brnchitis, a'the
ma. catarrh, throat and lung diseases. Also aT
sate relief and permanent cure for general
debility, dhapepsta and all nertons afections,
by a tnmple vegetable medecine. which ncred :
venerable mlssionary Phvsician wrho was long
resident of itril and the ,aslt, and who has
freely givenl this valuable specific to thousiands
if kindred sufferers *ith thl gtedteest powsible
benefits. and he now feels it his sacred christian'
duty to impart to olbhers this womderful invig.
oroliug remedy, and till send FREE the orig.
ginli recipe complete with full directions, to
any person enclonn st ldmp for reply, Address
I)R:CLARK A. ROBBINGt, (Preely Block, Sy.
recas, N. Y. (P. O Box 71.)
"WAn. HAxMPTON, GOVERNOR Op
Soti'Ti CAROLINA," is the sulbject of an
exquisite life.size engraving, just pub
lished (and now ready) by our enterpris-'
ing friends, Walker, Evans & Cogaswell,
Charleston, S. C. We congratulate these
geutlemen on the grand success they
have made of so noble a subject. As a
work of art it stands unrivalled, but
still its chief merit lays in its being a
L.,IE-LIKE portrait. It is the first pro
duct, on so large a scale, of a new and
secret process based on photA)graphy,
having the advantage of great ThUTn.
FCLNFSS. As the photograph has super.
se'ded the oil=:ainting, because of its ex
act reproduction of the subject, so this,
process is beoind to take the place of
steel engravihg, or any method which
depends utpºn artistic conception and
execution for reseits-we mean for the
proluction of portraits. What the peo
ple want in a portrait is ftttr--they do'
not wish the artist's conception of a man,
but the face and featufres of the man as
he Is---and by no means can this grand
resilt be better attained than by the
means of photography, and this new
process based th-ereon. But while these'
great advantages are secured, it admits
of the embellishments of art, and a por
trait is protu'eed possessing all the truth
fulness of a photograph, With the artis
tic effect of the steel engraving. The
publishees have been extremely fortu
nate in their selection of the MODE by
which they give to all admirers of the
great statesman the noble, generous,
manly features, which speak so plainly
the great mind, elevated feeling, and
generous heart of Wade Hampton.
Those who trOked for the grand cause,
"Hampton and Home Rule," who have
paid taxes to the government of their
choice, can now place this picture at
their firesides, as they have placed its
subject in their hearts. It must become
,one of fite "Penates" of South Carolina.
l 'hode who sympathized with this gal
lant i tte State in the strnggle against
such treiendotao ndSds. will be pleased
to haiºe fte portrait in their hotnes--a
glorious ~W'entst of a peaceable, noble
etffrt of ' librteert-'lo''ifig people .to re-'
deeztn .hemse)le.s &I'nM oppresieon au,"
tinrnu)e.
It will be oltlth athbrscrptiou only, at
$2 per copy.
Agents wanted go cMuvase every eity
and town in the atnd.
To those wbio eantot be reached by
agentts, the pnltdise'els Will suipply copies
per mail, on the receipttif the price.
We trust that tbhies'5horomghly South.
ern enterprise will iteiie the encour
agement it deserves.
THE NEW STAND'..
o1. Perias,
On St. Denis Street.
Finest Old COGNAC BRANDY, Parest
WHISKIES, First-class WINES, Import
ed and Domestic CIGARS and the
Lager Beer iEPORIUM of the lty.
St. Louis and Milwanikee creamy beer on
tap. Drink and grow fat and never
forget :A. PERINI.
Feb 24. tf
FROM HER ASHES.
The Phcenix has put on new life and now
caters for public favors.
J Warren Suddath
has taken charge and DAN now dispenses'
the choicest
BRANDIES,
WHISKIES,
LIQUORS,
CIGARS,
&c.
RICH ST. LOUIS BEER ON DRAFT.
Don't forget, ye thirsty, the PHnasX
on St. Denis Street.
Feb. 24.1y
$20 lieward.
WILL PAY the above reward for the
_apprehension of one ALPHONSNi
PRUDHOMME, a griff mulatto, about 30
years ofge, six feet high, slim built;
has upper lid of rihgt eye cut off and
dark black makt under right eye ex
ten, ing to cheek. He stole from me a
small black male, branded 8.B, connect
ed, on left shoulder.
Feb. 24-- W. T. EVERAGE.
LUMBER!
LUMBER.
-AT
Wim. TRAM MELL'S
STEAM SAW MILL, Five Miles South o1
Natchitoches.
Is prepared to fill orders at short notioe
below cash pt ices.
,e. WM. TRAMMELL.