A, " . COSGROVE, .- Editor.
NATCHITOCHES
SATURDAY - - - March 27, 1875.
Advertising Rates.
BqUAIIR1I, W g g
I squmre.... 1 4 ,1 4 581 100 $f15 0 42I 00
2 Siquares... 7 011 10 Ili) Is III) 211 g0i 25 " NI
3~~~il 13n'""· Oi i O0 '5 Il ;Uc
3 squarea... 100 l:1 n0 is 0 25 IM 1 an o
4 sqnares... 14001 ir :11 2 00 :i 00 35 00
8 onuares... 1700 2( (10 27 00 35 00 40 o(
Ssquarars... 2000 24 0 32 00) 400 45 UO
7 squarce... 2O 27 0:i 3ri .oo 50 71 on
8 squarea... 20 00 1) O 0 40 00 45 o0 0 00
10 squlare.... 30 00 335 00 50 ()I 57 00 1(4 0
15 ru.arlon... 4300 ft 00 700 (0)no 11O 5 01
20 lRlures... () 00 80 00190 .o 125 00 150 I
Tra" aent advetrtise melnts l..s) pr llil'lquare of
10 lines $revier. first insertion. Each subsu.
quent .nsettion 75' cents per square.
OIlt JOB l8OFFIOR is suppliid with I
great arnriety of ty%-, and work in this dIepart.
ment erformed with neatnesa and at moder
ate prices.
Termas, CA HU on delivery of work.
Rates of Snubsclription.
One Copy one year....................... 3.00
One Copy atx month ......................2 00
, (Payable in advance.)
John J. Herbert, is our duly authori
zed travelling agent.
Notice to Contributors.
No communications will be published
unless acconpanied by the author's real
name. But one side of the sheet to he
written upon when sent to us for inser
tion.
Articles to be short and to the point,
to have attention.
These are our rules and they must be
strictly adhered to.
Premiums to Subscribers.
The Vindicator will be furnished to
subscribers at the following rates.,
1 year.................. $3
6 mos...... ..... ......... $2
No subscription received for less
than six months.
ALL SUBSCRIPTIONS INVARlIBLY Ix
ADVANCE.
We will furnish to each yearly sub
scriber a magnificent Steel Engraving
19x24 inches. Now is the time to
subscribe-write to our Editor for
Jlub rates, in which we oifer special
indnements.
11 51 ON NILU wITH
W. £bwuq+.g oue awmgu ma b.udaM
NOTICE.
Persons ordering JOB
WORK from this Ofce,
must pay for the same on
delivery of the work.
No deviation from this
rule.
NOTICE.
The tax-payers of the City of Nat
hidtoches are hereby notified that af
ter the first day of April, I will on.
fore, the pyment of city taxes.
LEON GRENEAUX,
March ~-lt City Tax Collector.
We beg to ask what is going to
be done in relation 'o the Tele
graph line ? Is the matter to die
oat like all other movements to
Simprove our parish? We have
almost come to the conclusion
that our people are so old fashion
ed they would refuse ally thing
that would add to their prosperity,
provided it cost any thing.
Philip Breda has been appoint
by Kellogg, Supervisor of Beg.
istration for this parish., The
work of reform (?) goes bravely
', QraV IGIT .--A greasy negro
appliad to Bob, our town barber,
for tonsorial rights, but was
promptly ejected. Another ease
of lawless banditlism.
e4q inef inba e yed out eom.
ple1ey, and after enjoying a quiet
three months, and humerous chari
ty iimes,of our city, has at last
strotk the hard pan, and lis pock'
et a~ longerjingles with the nick.
bt of the kind and idlable--in
ita, like all other good things,
P It*bls ceased to be amusing,
eWt toethe boys.
We have ceased from this date
to say aught for br against tlp
weitr. Itcan take care ofitself,
amnwhs we can rigthftlly put in
a ýi _ about cold, dry or wet,
W do so with pleasure.
MODEa*AT Ms--those who argue
toh4emuelvee that their conduct and
wisdom is such, that all offices are
*satdl for their benefit; really the
acavingers of battle, eat what brave
me slay.
,At thepresent with all the lights
Wrr 1sw, t6 fte under the profund
6e OUIraetty weil rldo The sold
asda gr eller ead'sF live a thouesand
sumt ijt. y' , . .t.
4~.tOid rl;~;
Our Self Denial.
We of Louisiana in accepting the
result of the arbitration of the House
Committee place ourselves before the
American people in a stronger light
than before, much as our situation
then demanded their sympathy and
assistance, for we submit to the pres
ent condition of things to escape the
threats of worse to come, knowing
that a people, and especially ours,
who have sufrered and borne so much,
cannot be induced to quietly and
without resistance yield to the taunts,
threats and violence of the Federal
government, which has with low and
specious cowardice and for party
ends, dragooned over, not only us but
the whole South; in fact the adminis
tration in its conduct towards Lou.
isiana has exhibited all that mean,
malicious and grovelling spirit which
has for ages characterized the people
in whose veins flow the rich (T) blood
of the lidghl minded Puritans.
We are satisfied that the President
would not stop short of our utter an.
nihilation to accomplish Lhe end the
party lie represents has in view
The world is apt to place a wrong
construction upon the motives which
actuate the Republican party in
Southern legislation; no feeling sc
generous as that of real sympathy foi
the poor negro prompts them to the
enactment of Civil Rights bills, that
may the utterangofttheir lips be but
buried in the caverns of their hearts
hearts callous to every feeling of mer
cy to a former foe whom they have in
their power, and hearts full of cring
ing, fawning subserviency to any
thing like power that uill cost thew
money to oppose ; is that bitter and
malignant hatred to the South and
her white people. This, and this
alone, is the "ruling passion" that
brings forth the mean and lying
utterances of a Morton and the
"sheet-iron thunder" of a Logan--the
last in war to buckle on his sword
and the first in peace to cry murder,
It is true that we might contend
against this "sea of troubles and by
opposing end them," but we have
ties and interest which demand at oui
hands a sacrifice of our feelings, and
we forego further active resistance,
not from feelings of the unjustness ol
the cause, but for fear of the issue oi
a dead future, whose results we
"know not of."
Louisiana bound hand and foot,
and subject to the outrageous pilligge
of a mercenary horde of thieves back.
ed by the strong arm of a protecting
government, was a sublime specta
cle, but Louisiana, feeling in her
heart of hearts she can no longer
peaceably resist the minions who de
grade and insult her-Louisiana, then
quietly submitting is a spectacle, well
worthy the consideration and ap
plause of the world, and impartial
history will vindicate the justness of
her claims, and Heaven the mercy oef
her conclusion.
Over as stands Grant, the Constitu
tional representative of the people,
with the drawn sword of extermina
tion, and we as Americans, are left but
the choice to submit or be destroyed
we have reached, the wall, and one
more stab would bring armed resist
ance, which the demagogues of the
North would be but too happy to use
as the ''first gnn at Sumpter,'? to ride
again into power through': seas bf
blood.
After having passed through, the
trying and troublesome scenes of the
past six years, our people are deter
mined to leave no action untried to
secure themselves the blessing ofgood
government throughl peaceful means;
practicing that God-like virtue of
self-depial, our people are to-day
more to be respected by the true lover
of the Republic and the Constitution
and our situation mries more loudlyto
them for asslstaneq, tl/an when we
resisted by all the power we had at
command, save that of direct ,€o
fliet with the Federal authorities.
We question the possibihity ofi an
oither people being able to succeed'ab
well as ours have done thus far in
keeping clear of the many opportunni
tmee Grant has pla!ed before us to
reel; l sad eiperlenice ha taught uo
wisdom,u and the vicked hopes, the
ruined hopes; of our lest cause are
argumentas too potent in our mlads to
be misaunderstood. Peace at 'any'
price is cheap to that of armed resis
ance, frought with losees to as: ansd
ours.
Such men as Logan, M6rton, Con
lid and others, are of. too pigmy cal
iber to understand themse feelings, but
history will record the acts of. the
Seathern people uander the grihdiig
press of the power of the Federa~l
government to be more heretio than
all their brilliant achievements ppoh
the battle field.
We hamve been shown this, Tmhus
day morning, by Mr. 1. W. Taylor,I
a letter from Mr. Buichanan, President
of the . Minden, Natchitoches and
Alexandria Telegraph Co., which
states that the work on the line is
going forward rapidlyl, and will be
completed to this place on or befo-e
the 20th of April. We hope our citi
sena will appreciate tlh eflbrts if Mr.
Bitchanau, in piuting ti li ditect iaid
instast ~somunscation V~id the todia,
santWii they will sme'foirward a4
liberll autain the line wheongo
: Se notiqe o +  -pa,.rr-i ersipp of
• 3zL. & B el+.ewl·eo.+ . .
Moderates.
Men, when drowning, grasp at straws,
and Kellogg'A "reaching out for mod
erate men," as they are termed, ex
emplifies this maxim, for the men
whom lie may imagine to have
strength for political purposes are
but slender reeds uposi which to lean
his weak and tottering Government.
We are pained to be compelled to
differ, and that materially, with the
"moderates" here and elsewhere in
this question of adjustment. The
Wheeler Compromise was not offered,
nor entered into, by what is termed
the moderate element, for none such
exists within tihe solid ranks of the
"People's Party.' Their feelings and
wishes are a -unit, and when they
agreed to this adjustment it was not
for the purpose of allowing "Demo
crats," (in the language of the just (?)
Myers,) "who could keep their mouthl
I shut" to all the ills aid ontrages'our
people have been subjected too, pn
opportunity to "gobble up spoils."
In a compromise with Kellogg in
this parish, we claim, and will assert
the right, of naming the parties whe
are to represent us, and one thing ii
assured, no "moderate man" will be
chosen. . What right have these par
ties without opinion to come forward
as tile moderate men of our party
and demand of Kellogg, as represen
tativ merien of the people, appoint
ments with a view to conciliate. Let
these mnoderates go to the ranks where
they belong, for they represent iooi
one of the people here, and if they
think that blind ignorance has set
tied upon the citizens of .atchito
ches in the matter of the motives
I which actuate these Conservatives (3)
I to silence, their own ignorance is ap
palling.
No man can be classed as Conuser
vative who is without opinion:; he is
an idiot or a knave; hlie either keeps
his mind because he it*s none, or
from sinister motives, and we atre
borne out in the opinion that office
and the desire for spoils are princi
ples of more moment with them than
ithe welfare of the dear people. - We
are tired of hearing men classed as
moderates, who are silent oelice hun
ters, and who proclaim, not in woids,
but in action, their detemuination.
"That this is law, I will maintain
Until my dying day. asir;, '
, That wmatsoevur King shall reign,
I'll bh Vicar of Bray, sir..',
A fig for the beneft that will ac
crue to the' peopie, from each" men;
they'have but one motive which they
attempt in a clumsy spanner to dis
guise under the garb of patrotie Con
servatism, and that is office and
spoils. Name one of them who has
done any thing for the peoide that
did got pay him ; what act of patriet
ie self-denial has any of them been
puilt9 of t Their political cred poa
seses no article eof faith o sicktqu
ing to them: as "virtue without re
ward," and all actions of men that
does not pay, are to 'them4q; Ypidary
and sentimental.
"Moderate men" is te eogaomen
to the first degree in Radicalism, aid
experitpoe has learitdd i this leeot;
that tl/i thieving party of Radicals in
Louisiana is composed of men w"no,
in the outset, "went into the ,party
to :benefit the 'people," or iwete' "
lent moderates for prudent miotives."
Let our ppestion be distinctly under
stood that we will no longer be rob.
bed, by friend or fee, and that no
govertnent which insults, our digni
ty and Ananhoo4, by thLe appointment
of men, Jost to all honor and decen
cy, ignoraut and corrupt, to office,
will have our support. It must go
ontue "even tenor of its way" to its
own grave.
The adjustment of the eammittee
bhat been coiipeted nd nade pi~blhic,
and time raseigity (ot thi 'l~ dof iun
acunlat .Congresemeq made palpa
ble; pto eoven fores a ties i a rofe .on
joint-balhtt thb itiatiliheeda 'cpdatfit
De68to .br 'lehl i .  fli ti~kgisl.
tInre, andl.countp4Ik, ator, Elanp,
that the vote of,,that parish .was
bounoad'to elect. There i nositenipt
to deceive tib, the jwhole, hofffr'Is too
p:lpdalofq~r 'iaponstrntlIon,, ;. the
,me~atdiotiec Voter sees through the
motives of' Whelew," eommlttee at a
glance. Senat sa to sulippott it an
popular party and' i miniority Presi-,
dent, is what i- wntedl, ana to gain
this end, as much' fil'it will be 'In-
dalged in hs wase w by ad his
, The matter of a Treasurer and
pasocdial offeials ~ast ot ' toaobed,
and thqp'I1ojib of speidy 'elief from
thl loall seassa of tie Gq ral As
.embly, is, wat the people await with
trembling anxiety. We ase pripared
for any thing, even foI th' retuarn to
ofitbe of every thief in .Louisilna.
The cmrtan is up; the farce begins.
Mr. Chas. Smith hIas opened a Sa-.
loon on :Front street, between Horn
and St, Denis, where thosei vlio im
bibe can be faooked with the cioiJest
liquors tlhe mntkl affords. ,
The corresp~ldqnit who wrote us to
ianuire the:Si et1 q ofTurnipo to
plant, is earnestllyrtl.estslto plant,
hits head, whichllikb lkde in isteds
urnip or a ei~i-1ge, pdt:pipo tb-t
Mpl 4be.plito amnbsltoetive agent
ofr tque uSem As.ua46aat .fa
ves "-a
Telegraph.
Washington, D. C., March 22.-In
the Senate consideration of unfin
ished business being the resolution
approving of the action of the Presi
dent in regard to Louisiana was re
sumed, and ex-President Johnson
began to speak at ten minutes past
twelve o'clock.
Senate.--Every seat is occupied.
Thousands are surging through the
galleries to hear Andrew Johnson
and after 11 o'clock ingress was im
possible. The diplomatic gallery is
well filled and the Senate floor proper
is crowded with privileged outsiders.
Johnson was dressed in his usual style
of elegant neatness; he has a full
suit of grey hair. His voice, first
low, gradually swelled until it rang
through the corridors. He spoke
without notes. He was loudly ap
plauded when he said: "If Grant is
elected a third time then good-bye to
the republic." He spoke two hours.
He received great applause from the
galleries and congratulations from his
friends on the floor. Johnson spoke
at length of the traditions of the re
public, saying when Henry Clay in
troduced a resolution denouncing
Jackson for removing the deposits it
was then decided the Senate had no
right to pass upon the action of the
President unless sitting as court of
impeachment. He alluded to trou.
Sbles in Tennessee in 1866; when res
ignations defeated a quorum Gene
rai Thomasfias instructed strictly to
abstain from any interference. This
dispatch was written by the Secret
ry of War in the presence of the
President. He declares it was net
intended to give utterance to a sin
gle personal matter, but to speak of
public acts. He then referred to the
' removal of Sheridan from command
of the Fifth Military District in 1867;
pit was in consequence of the wail
which came up from the people in
that section. Why was it that Sheri
dan was selected to send back to
these people who before condemned
him and prayed for his removal. He
(Johnson) knew the deternmination of
the peoplt of the South; their great
object was to be restored to the
Union. Referring to the action of
Grant toward Louisiana, he would
say to this emperor what Cate said
to the emnbassador of Ccesar, let hinm
disband his legions and restore the
commonwealth to liberty; let him
do that and he (Johnson) as humble
as he was, would mount the rostrum
and strive to have an indignant peo
ple forgive him for his violation of
law..
LOUISIANA.
THEE WHIIELER AWARD RECEIVED.
New Orleans, March 21.- The
Wheeler award has been received by
Gov. Kellogg but has not been of
ficially published. It is understood,
however, the committee have decided
that about eleven conservative whose
election was claimed by the Return
ing Board are entitled to seats and
that about six conservatives whose
election was claimed by the conser
vative committee are not entitled to
seats. The arbitrators decided that
Elam, claiming to have been elected
to the Senate on the conservative
ticket frbm the distlct which in
cludes the towns of Coq~hatta and
Colfax, is not entitled to a seat, and
•that in Grant parish there was ao
election for member of the House.
One conservative contestant is awar.d
ed a seat in the Senate. Tlhe award,
it is understood, leaves the House
democratic, amd the Senate republi
can with a small republican majoity
on joint ballot. All seven of the ar
bitrators signed tim awad, and Mr.
Wheeler is expetetd to come to New
Orleans to aid in carrying oat the ad
justment. It is intimated on good
authority that Gov. Kellogg will call
an extra session of the Legislature to
meet about the 12th or 15t of April.
The friends of the adjustment claim
there will be no difficulty in carry
ing it into effect, public sentiment
being now strongly mn favor of a set
tlement of the oiotical difficulty.
We have refrained from ever ex
pressing a thought about the
great scandal trial, now going on
in Brooklyn, N. Y. But the
whole press teems with the fillth,
and nothing in the shape of news
can be gathered from our Nor.t
ern exchanges~ save the progres
of the Beecher-Tlilton suit. The
world, or this part of it at least,
hve lonig einae formed an.opin
ion based upon the statements be.
fore the congregation Committee,
and we, in our humble capacity,
beg for a rest #from the constant
stirring of this filthy alair,-
Beecher is guilt~y of the crime im
puted to him, and Tilton is corv
ered withl pIfamy by parading the
crime of ithe mother of his children,
to the vualgasr gaze of a vulgar
world.
The Front street organ bewails the
fact that:our city fathers refused to
rush city warranti upon the market
to repair streets and bridge. These
laerimos efforts are "too thi"; and
the reason for the economy of our
Mayor and City Council is well known
to tle &epblic. Its party tax wl
leetor suroeeded In getting away with
$4,300 I one year, ofa 5000 tax lev
led, and left the tax payers that much
or more in debt. ha to whether the
residents of Third, Forth and Fifth
streets pay as mueb tams as thse in
other portions of the city we have
this to uay,.that the Collector informs
us, that 90 per cent of the delinquaents
on the rolls are "residents of these
streets." Perhaps if they would come
foward and help PFront, Second and
etels streets pay omie of the city
expenses, their demands for "dithes
sand brids"mlght ome with better
Mr. L.. H. Burdick has oret..4
from the city adi ppw t asthblag
mew. The 4opleo ja New Oinsaan is
compromise, and people" Ihoped aba e
goandto resanlt from the adisttment.'.
Extra Session.
It is certain that the "boys" of the
Republican party (and they are both
numerous and loud) have nothing to
gain by an extra session of the Leg
islature. An extra session is fraught
with danger to many of their miost
precious interests, and doubtless
wears the general appearance, to
them, of a "section of the day of
judgment." It will have the effect to
lop off the gorgeous "Honorable"
prefixed by the Returning Board to
sundry field hands and bummers. It
will also turn a stream of grateful
perquisites in the way of clerkships,
etc., from needy pockets, and play
the mischief with the hosts of neat
operators in the way of jobs and leg
islative swindles, which could be
worked through the Republican fanº
ily, as long as it was unmolested and
unopposed, with very little dillicul
ty in any case, and with absolute
eclat when a "fair divide" was made.
These inroads the boys cannot but
regard asaltogether abominable, and
being the lungs of the party, they do
not fail to make their views known.
The consequence is a lively manifes
tation of disgust at the very name of
extra session. They doubtless rely
on the courts to uphold the acts of
their Legislature, and having drawn
their mileage and per diem, and se
cured everything "in sight," they re
gard any measures looking solely to
the welfare of the State as superflu
ous foolishness.
Governor Kellogg will do well to
disregard these views of the riff-raff,
and proceed with adjustment accord
ing to the letter and spirit of the
original understanding. The gentle
men who have favored adjustment on
the Conservative side are not the
stilted and stormy politicians whose
declarations are rightly classed as
vox et pºrwterea niil, but the bone and
sinew of the party, who have acted
with moderation candor and in good
faith, and will insist on something
like the same thing from the other
party. For this reason it would be
particularly unwise for the Executive,
and unfortunate for the prospect of
tranquillity, to trifle with them. It
is their understanding that there
shall be an extra session in order to
fully and legally recoguize, ratify and
confirm the adjustment, and to give
the people the fruits thereof in cer
tain necessary measures of reform.
The session neeil not, and should not,
be long, but it is necessary to demon
strate the good faith of the Repub
ls, ls, which many doubted, and to
seat imnpediately, before further pos
sible complications can arise, the
Conservatives declared by the arbitra
tors to have been elected, thus put
ting an end to the controversy, so far
as the election of 1874 is concerned.
Mr. Kellogg, by disregarding the
appeals of interested Radical extre
mists, and standing firmly and fairly
up to the spirit of the understanding,
will simply be availing himself of all
opportunity never heretofore present
ed to him, of securing a place in the
good opinion of Conservatives, and
he will, in our judgment, make fatal
mistake if he fails to comply with the
almost universal demand for a short
extra ression.-N. 0. Tames.
We call attention to the article in
to-days issue' from the New Orleans
lames, in relation to a call session, and
we earnestly comnmend it to the con
sideration of our law-makers. What
the people want is an evidence, prae
tically illuetrated of the intestion to
reform, no visionary promises which
in the main are as potent of good to
us as have been the reform planks in
the IRadical platform of this State.
Let the members of the Assembly go
to work and repeal bad and obseaioue
laws, enact good aud twoleuomne ones,
anmd that immediately, and it will tend
. satisfy the eitizens who pay taxes,
stimulate industry and enconrage
capital to invest, than all else. Let
us have reforpi speedily; people can
not delay until next year, and until
some legislation is had that "can be
felt by us as gooi and wholesome, no
good will come to adjustments save
to benefit the ins and outs.
Oar city during the week has been
visitod by numerous seekers for sup
edurilg the coming year. Gene
rallspeaking they have'been unsuno
aseMlh. We are of the opinion that
the majority of those who apply'
thus early for assistance from mFr
esunts mare not worthy of help, as
they mainly depend upon the stores
for sapplies of meat and bread when
they should rely upon their labor. A
larger crop of corn, some cane and
ri, and a few bhogs with. less cotton,
will be a grehadvantage to our farm.
era; until they adopt that line of ag
rinlture, theim demand for advances
each year from merchants will in
cerase
Have your orders ready gentlemen
shippers i time to go off on that
Queen of psekets, ithe peerless Bart
Able. Capt. Dick BSinneott has stood
to us, and our interest demanda we
should stay with him. G.C. CHamil
ton, our old friend, dispeuses the
honors of the office.
It seems that Pinch sad his ad
mirers, among whom we may elass
Puackard, and his ilk, don't swellow
the Compromise without gagging,
and coansiderable grimace. He is
"becked," if we take his word for it,
by 25,000 colored voters. If this slice
could be induced to stick to Pinch
through thick and thin, we are of
the epinion that good will result to
poor Louisiana therefrom. The dus
ky howler anywhere but in office, is
our motto.
No imprpevreet in the dull times
in ueireity, In' fact a look of utter
prostration mseems to overspread us
like a pall. The eitizens anxiously
awalts the, boneqt of the Compro
miae, and, ou that slender thread
hangs all our hopls for a renewal of
some saemblance to business,
Personalism.
(From the St. Louis Republican.]
That personal system of government
which has been developed under the
sjx years' admiunistration of President
Grant until it exhibits itself like :an of
fensivo wait on ours policy, will onne
day have to be treated with ketli and,
pitiless surgery. 'Thile IRepuhlic.an
party has watched its growth with
misgivings, but with a:cqjuiescence.
It has admitted its anomalous and
evil nature, but made no attempt to
resist it, and now that power has
passed, or is passing away from the
Republican party, this monstrosity
goes over along with many others, to
be examined and passed upon by an
other party that will show it and its
author no mercy. During the last
ten years four state governments
have been suspended on the indivi
dual decision of the President of the
United States; at this moment our
state government rests on its arm
alone ; another state government has
had to pass the ordeal of his decision
twice, and in point of fact we cannot
know what is the de facto government
in any state until we know what one
is recognized and uphleld by him.
Two years ago an individual member
of the cabinet, who had no more to
do with the matter than the king of
the Sandwich Islands, assumed to
declare what persons the Alabama
legislature should be composed of,
and actually named the members of
the two contesting bodies who should
constitute a third body to be recog
nized as the lawful legislature. About
the same time that member of the
cabinet together with the president
assumed to decide witho had beenl
elected members of the Louisiana
legislature of 1873, and decided in
favor of a body of persons, notorious
ly and admittedly, never were elect
ed ; and now we have seven ex-mem
bers of congress, two of them citizens
of New York, one a citizen of Maine,
one a citizen of New Jersey, one a
citizen of Ohio, one a citizen of Illinois
ant one a citizen of Massachusette,
without any warrant of law for their
conduct, meeting in a law-oflice in
New York to decide who are and
who shall be maintained as lawful
members at the Louisiana legislature
-a question already decided three
times by the different parties-first
by the Louisiana returning board,
second by Gep. DeTrobriand, and of
fleer of the army; and, third, by
President Grant. Under the distorted
nmethod of looking at every event. in
the S6nth which the Republicansllave
established, this personal and extra
legal adjudication of the legality def
the legislature of Louisiana excites
no surprise; it is accepted as a very
proper and agreeable waysof settling
a perplexing controversy. But what
would Mr. Hoar, one the seven ar
bitrators say about hawing the leg
islature of his state canvassed and ad
judicated by some persons living in
other statest If a dispute over the
next gubernatorial election, and the
proper constitution of the legislature
in Maine should arise in 1877, how
would Mr Frye of that state receive the
proposal to leave the whole ' question
to seven members of the Democratic
house ?
It is a very unsatisfactory reply to
all this to say that the individual ar
bitration of the Louisiana and Ala
bama dilieulties are assented to by
the people of these states. The peo
pie of these states were made to as
sent to them; they were threatened
with, something worse. Their right
ful functions were asrped by the
Preeddnt, or the Attotney-Gemeral,
or by conspirators who had the sup
port of the President; and because
the outrage was committed by Re
publicans in the name and interest of
the Republicans party, a Republican
congress acquiesced it it even while
net daring to formally approve it
If this is a government of law, the
fact ought to be recognized and sub
mitted to; United States collectors,
marshals, army officers, attorney-gen
erals and the president himself onughil
to be broken into subjection to the
fact. If, on the contrary, a presidenl
or his attorney-general, or-a commit
tee of ex-members of congress, or
some other person or body of persons,
really have become invested with
supreme determining authority to do
clare who are the governors and what
are the legislatures of the states of thiu
Union, it would save trouble to have
the warrant of law for the assumption
produced so that the people of the
states may no lbnger delude them
selves with the expleded notiones tha
they have the right of governina
themselves.
Peterson, the Mail Contractoi fe
the Alexandris nd Shr.rport Mait
romate, has hoeome the sabjecet of io
vestigation by thle Post Oflice Dpaft
meat, and seems to have been classed
with th "straw biddersn" The mail
rides come on time, but the matte.
they bring is old enough to vote.
Our latest New Orleans dates per
mail being at this writing, the 13th
nlst., and our Northern and Western
papes, terribly behind hand.
J. A. Ducournan, the ladies1
merchant, Front street, has jusBt
returned from New Orleans with
the largest and most complete
stock t Spring goods ever before
brought to this market, consiseting
of prints ofall shades, plain and
figured linens, dress good, Iadiea'
and Gents' latest style bats, Gents'
ready made clothing, boot, shoes,
milinery good of all kinds, and a
most complete assortment of no
tions, selected to suit the tastes of
all, which he is offering at cheap
prices. Call early and satisfy
yourselves that our statement is
correct. Polite and smiling clerks
in attendance.
A glane into the qmartems of Com
pany C., 3,d Infantry, Capt. Snyder,
commanding, will repay the visit.
The barrack is b' iaedel of ndfness
and comfort, and the company, both
officers and men,polite and obliging.
Their just and uniform conduct to
waird all classes have madeo them
friends with our people.
Southern Mail Routes.
IHOW THEY ARIE MANAGIED.
[Washlin.tont Disipatrh l
The war against stt aw-hiddlers is
still active aidl it hwini aseertain,,d
that I. S. lýtersn is thei lowest huid.
(1(er oni the rotle hn Red Rliver lanld.
in; to Shreveport, :alln a, rnm e'r.
enlair was laid on the des!ks of S~en.
atoris and il'les.cnf:ltitve to-day
plurportilg to ~ ive a history of the
way in which this l'rlte has hereto
ftore bleen Imaliipulat(eo by him. Iiia
prestent lid for a service three tinme
a week is '15,(00t). Another circular
presents a schedule of alleged ring
mail routes in Texas manipulated Ih
F. I'. Sawyer. It is also alleged in
this that F. P. Sawyer insnres his life
through J. L. French chief clerk of
the ('ontract Office and acting second
assistant Postoffice General, for *75,.
000, and that all other ring contrae.
tars have to insure with hin. The
implication, of course, is that he
pockets the commission.
The Sun, Tribune and Times of
New York, of the 10th inst., jump at
a beautiful conclusion on the result
of the New Hamnpshire election and
found vast consolation that by repu.
diating Grant and the acts of Repub.
lican Congressmen, "the Republica'
party was not yet dead." Timhe next
day, (11th) all these papers hasten to
correct their views, as the frit e-.
turns as telegraphed ,were not coa9
firmed, and the truth came to light
that upon the National issue, i. e. tie
election of Congressmen, the Repub.
licans were defeated.
Quiet reigns supreme all over the
parish, and under the circumstane,
our people are as happy as could be
expected. They have much to regret
and still more to congratulate thea.
selve upon. The want of money is
seriously overcome by the abse.ce
of tax collectors; and the pleasm of
the life of a citizen in not redilyjll
by the presence of the upright t)
judges and honest (?) police juato
that were in the past weont to sere
the people.. As individuals we nay
not be on the high road to wealth
but as a body politic we are escapial
a world of plundering.
It pains us to announce the sum.
pension of the Alexandria Canoaiss.
This journal has done noble week is
the good cause, and our friend Hna.
ter, carries with him the well wii.se
of a host of friends in this setid
upon his retiring from the field .
journalism. We feel we have Il0 a
friend, true and brave, with this
demise of the C saan ; a frie
with whom we have fought 11
a good fight against the horde of il.
icals. Long life and prosperity to.
you Bob.
We are under obligations to i'
polite oleersn of the Seminohl, fir
files of city and Northern papemr
Capt. John Hlieno, is now in iqalg
of this steamer, with J. C. Mitcladuli
the office.
Be in time for the Bart Able. Capt.,
Dick is moving heaven, earth andl
part of Pittsbnrg, Penn., to get°
up iher on -time Tuesday. If yes
want home comforts, kind attentips
and style, don't fail to patranise tb
gilt-edge Bart Able. G. C. Ha~h
ton, the prince of good fellows, do
the honors of the office.
We have infermation irhich we tt
gard as entirely reliable that tbt
award of theim Congressional Commit
tee gives the conservatives nine S
ators and a majority of eighteen i1
the Lower House. This makes a e
on joint ballot, on a party vote. '11
; award give the parishes of Cadiolf
Iberia to the republicans; Deemote,
Ithe conservatives, and
ielection in Grant; Goode,
I from the Eight District, is seatedil
Elam, from the Twenty-asu~
countedl out. Under this award th
Sconservatives are given all the aig
bers of the ILwer House they cdlai'
ed, except six ; five of the six ame I;
en to the radicals, andone from 8: •
js to be elected, and.is Grant has a
conservative majority, there is as
Idoubt a conservatve will agai b1
returned from that parish and satli
This would give the ccnservativrpsl
majority of one on joint ballot ilithi
session of 1876, and elect the Semils
if an election for one is held. Sl5
cobservatives claimed two Setigti
and are given one. The Traut.
iand parish oficers were notiw
a po n by tde comalte-.-8rs
It seems that 8beridan was bahn i
an American vessel, under the Amerd
can lag, in 1831;; his parents bele,
:at the time, emigants from Denry,
Ireland, to this country. In this es:
nection, a New York paper sys the
question is frequently asked, "I1
SSheridan eligible to the Presidency
We regard tihe question of very
little practical importance. The co
tistitttion provides that only a natire
'of the Uiited States is eligible to
that sometime distinguished pasitiM
but when the people become solo
based ao to be willing to elect puclik
fellow ab 8Sheridan to the Presidend
it will be when even what little res
pect that is now entertained for t1
constitution will have been lost as
that instrument east aside as a ue*
less relic of the past.
SIt, however, might be argued, that
after electing Grant, the people woald
have a very slighltly lower depth to,
reach to pick up Sheridan.-Shreve
port Times.
lHarries Bleecher never k now
what it was to bend over the chil
dren's little white bed, softly ipat
their curly heads and hear one of
tlh.m growl out: "Now, then, Sam,
keep yosr paws ofl'n me or I'll ht
you once !"
A Detroit hoy's compousition: "The
lioise runs; so docei the Gazelle; so
does nay oste.