·------- _-- --.-.
3E BEST, THE LARGEST, IcEn
the Cheafest Weekly Paper. Will i
Fubllwhed. fore it
The
NOW IS TIlE TIME TO uot
S TT C 3 ILIBE S ! LIat!
given.
The
Tihe St. Louis Times. Li
paper
Daily, Snnday, Tri-Weekly and Weekly. Mark(
greati
havin
THE A fi
eading Democratic Paper tli
WEST OF TIHE MIssSIrPI. Ti
Time;
The ST. LOUIs TIMES is a large NoS
sixty-four column Newspaper, Time
the largest and cheapest their
Weekly Newspaper press
published in the
United States.
$1500 IN CASH PREMIUMS
AS FOLLOWS :
DAIL Y.
$230 Cash to any person fronm whom we c
receive the largst list of subscribers
to the Daily Times for one year (be
fore the 31st of March next) of not Ill
less than one hundred and fifty can
names, at $8 per annum. llost
$160 Cash for the next largest li t of not the.
less than 100 ulames at .$ per nnutnl. ll
$125 Cash for the next largest list of not on ti
less than 75 Iname, :it $8 per :annum. 1
$75 Cash for the next largest list of not satiu
less thani 50 names at $8 per annum. starl
$50 Cash for the next largest list of not Ilon
less than 30 names at S$ per annu"m. the
$30 Cash for the next largest list of not ly.
less than 20 names at S per annum. hitt
ash for the next largest list of not the
less than '20 names at f per annum. nas
TRIWEEKLY. befa
125b ash for the largest list of subscrib- and
ere to the Tri.Weekly times (betore Lay
the 31st of March next), of not less deLf
than one hundred and twenty-five wee
names at $4 per annum. ir
$75 Cash for the next largest list of not ilng
lees than 75 names at $4 per annum. Pal
$50 Cash for the next largest list of not A
less than 50 names at $4 per anllm. to
$25 Cash for the next largest list of not Frn
less than 30 unsles at $4 per annmI . a
$15 Cash for the next largest list of not Sti
less than 10 nnanes at $4 per annum. oth
$10 Cash for the noxt largest list of not I
loss than 10 naones at $4 per annum.
WEEKLY TIMES. se
$250 Cash to any person from whom we pat
receive (before the 31st of Marca Iant
next) the largest list of subscribers Sta
to the Weekly Times for tne year, of wi
not less than fivehundrod names, at
$1t 25 per annum. pl.a
$125 Cash for the next largest list of not t
less than two hundred and fifty names or
at $1 25 per annum. til
475 Cash for the next largest list of not ti
less thin one hundred and fifty names
at $1 25 per annum.
$50 Cash for the next largest list of not
less than one hundred names at $125
per annum.
425 Cash for the next largest list of not
less than fifty names at $1 '25 per anu
Cash ast Accolmpisl ELeh List Sent In
An account will be opened with each
-person contending for the lrenmiiums, and
Innmes or lists received from time to si
timO placed to his or her credid which CL
vill be footed up after 31st of March next.
Premiums awarded within thirty days
after March 31, 1875, by the Times Coil
pauy of St. Louis.
SNo subscriptions received before De-
eotaber 1, 1874, nor after March 31, 1875,
-will be added to Premium lists.
Under the new postal law, taking effect
January 1, 1875, the postage on newspa
pers is required to be prepaid by the
publihers rat the time of mailing, thus
relieving the subscriber of the necessity
of paying at his postolice the quarterly 'g
Postage as heretofore.
Postage Prepaid by Publishers,
The unprecedented success witlh which
the Times has met, since its establish- I
mnet, is convincing evidence that the
Speople of the West and South, fully a
preeaite the efforts of a journal, wv in,
in addition to its enterprise as a news- a
par, hasthe courage to boldly declare
and constantly maintain the principles
f its political faith.
The public journal mostly deserving or
D1emooratic support is the one that, in
addition to being a fall and faithfill and
consistuent advocate of l)emoer.atie prin
lplea. A Democrantie newspaoper is the
newspaper for Democrats to support, and
the idea sometimes sought to be iuculca
te by those who have an interest of their
own in doing so that the people must o
antaide ~heir party organ to "find the
mews," is absurnd anud irrational. There
isno sort of inoonipatibilitgy wlatever
between the political andl non-political
journal as to the matter of news; mainy
afthe papers now published thrugnhout
the country, and especially vanablte for
;he amount anti variety of their intel
ligedee, being also known for tlhe abil;ty
,and earnestness with which they ch .m.
pion their peculiar party views. Hence
all things else being equal, iiis manifest
ly the duty of Democrats to limit thieir
ewspaper patronage to such as are ,of
their own way of thinking, and not to
squander their means on those that wage
eonstant warfare upon their established
eonvietions.
It is our desire to see the Times in the
hand of all DeImocrat, and every well
wisher of the Government throughout
the lsid, and in order that this may be
done, we are now offering the following
extraordinary inductements to tbhose who
will interest themselves and act in tlhe
eapeity of clubhs agents for the Timaes
tr ht the country.
The Tines is under the editorial man
agetment of St.so' Hulcurims, oce of its
tomders, aseoilated with Joua N. ED
WAno and R. H. SVLVEsTER, who are
well and favorably known to the Democ
racy of the Northwest, in charge of a
large and capable staff of writers and re
porters.
DAIhY.
Including the Mammoth" Sunday
Edition, containing '"All
the News."
Daily--seven PaPer per week, pero
y,5r auneubdcriptioni, by mail 8008
D -IafbeI 015h ofter more, per
year, eaobh submlption, by mail 7 50
TmI-WEEKLY.
.": +, at .,- -+: :. _ is e , , +ah a b •
S....... ...... .. 87
Illn cllnb f ten or Inore, each sub- supcrl
scrilition, by mail ................ 1 25 iutervi
son gel
Agents not Contending for Premniumns
Will be a:lowed ten per cent commuisslo n
from the above rates, to be deducted be
fore imailing lmoney.
The Merchant and Business Man can- for.
not take a mo)re useful and valuable
newspaper than the Times.
Latest Fiuancial Reports correctly THE
giwen.
The Times, for its size, is the cheapest
paper in circulation.
The Ti'mes gives the most complete
Local and Foreign Market Reports of any
paper in the Mississippi valley. The
Market Reports are imalde lip with the
greatest care, from all sources, and the The
suilisribers to the Times may rely upo its 30t
having the best. tiol o
A first-class Literary and Family paper. Janna
Editorial articles upon all the current Its
topics of the d:ay. itere
The Agriculturist will always find the Indus
Times a paper suited to his wants. gress
leaul
Support your own newspaper. New I
Now is the time to subscribe for the of ll1
Times. gestic
Snbscribers to the Times should send for \'
their hmon'ey, by postolice order or ex- varioi
press, to thle a;ddress of The
TIMES COMPANY, cheat
St. Louis Mo. pe I
-------- - - --- muchIll
WILD OATS.
perta
PROSI'ECTUS FOR 1876. I
aily
Champion Amcricat Comic Paper ! triit
s -FA
Invel
t Illustrated liy a corps of the best Ameri- ers o1
1 can artists, iand contributed to by the yers,
most popular humorists and satirists of tind 1
the day. then
t. Wild Oats now enters successfnlly up- Fami
t on the sixth year of its existence, and ing
. has becomne the established humorons and Col
it satirical paper of the country. It was A
1. started and continued the first year as s a SI,
it monthly, then, to satisfy the demand of sand
i. the public, it was changed to a fortnight- ing
it ly. Still continuing its good work of are
1. hitting folly as it flies, a(1 showing nl) pr
it the political and scial shams by its cud
it. masterly cartoons and pIn1geolt editorials, cimnc
it achievtd even greater success than Deal
before, andl was recognized as the ablest
Sand brightest of its class. Since then we
re have yielded still further to the public AME
ss demand, and now publish Wild Oats Solii
ce weekly! It has literally grown into its and
present shape oi its intrinsic merits, Ie- worl
,t ing the first successfiul weekly humorous tionm
n. paper ever piublished in this country. thei
ot Among the artists especially engaged p.
1. to furnish illustrations for Wild Oats are Mol
ot Frank Bellew, Thomas Worth. Hopkins, exti
Wales, Shelton, Wolf, Jump, Keettels, 10ti
ot Stuckhardt, Day, Poland, and several of
m. others who are yet known to fame. At
lot In its literary departments Wild Oats the
n. will, as it always has, stand alone and par
unapproachable. At least one first-class i
. serial story will always be found in its Par
re pages, by the best humorous, satirical, redl
Ih and character writers in the United A
Ors States; while its sketches and squibs Pat
of will be sparkling, original and pointed. N.
at Wild Oats will bhe first-class in every .
particul:r, and on this account may be j
not taken into the best families without fear
es or nsuspicion, as no word or illustration
will appear that can offend the most fas
not tidious.
tes ,°- Send for a Sample Copy and
not Convince Yourselves.
i 25 SUBSCRIPTION PRICE: A
ot One Year...................... $4 00
an- Six Months..................... 2 00
Three Months...................--- 1 00
c Single Copies-......... ...... --- 10 C
nd Any person sending us a club of five
to subscribers fur one year will receive a it
ic copy gratis. S
ext. Address,
hays COLLINS & SMALL. el
ou- Publishers, 113 Fulton Street, N. Y. ni
De- of
S7. EVEIRY LADY SHOULD TAKE IT. tl
P: PETERSON'S ,iIAGA I E.
thus A
sity - $
Uly THE CHEAPEST AND BEST IN a
TIHE WORLD.
hich tl
inh- Postage Pre-Paid on all &ubseriptions. al
This popular Monthly Magazine gives
more for the money than any in the
dare world. For 1S76, it will be greatly ima
iles moved. It will contain One Thousand
S'aes. Founrteen Splendid Steel Plates,
ug' Twelve Colored Berlin Patterns, Twelve t
1, n Mammoth Colored Fashions, Nine Hun- a
and dred\ Wood Cuts, Twenty-Four Pages of
n- Music. All this will be given for only
Dhe To ollars a year, postage prepaid bI y
and the puhlislrhr, or a dlolatr less than Mag
ulca- azines of the class ,f "'eterf on." Itsf
their c
to THRILLNG TALES AND NOY- ii
eELTIES t
ever Are the best published anywhere. All i
tical the most popular writers are employed
mity to write originally "Peterson." In l87i,
Iotin addition to the usual quantity of short
stories. Five Original Copyright Novel
ntel- etts will be givenu, by Mrs. Ann 8. 8to
ity phens, Frank Leo Benedict, Jane G. Aus
m tin Marietta Holley and Daisy Ventnor. 1
aft- MAMMOTII COLORED FASHION
r ',of PLATES
A to Ahead of all others. These plates are
Sra engraved on steel. Twice the usual size,
1s 5 1and are unequaled for beauty. They
will be superbly colored. Also House
h the hold and other receipts; in short, every
well- thing interesting to ladies.
ay be -
ewhSUPERB PREMIUM ENGRAVING!
Sthe To every person getting up either of
Tines the following clubs for 1875 will be sent
gratis, a copy of our new and splendid
an- mezzotint f farming, (size 21 inches by
of its g " 'Washington's First interview with
.ED- His Wife." This is a Five Dollar Enlra
m are ving, and the most desirable preminm
itioC- ever offered. For large clubs, as will be
of a seen below, an extra copy of Mazazine
d re- will be sent in additon.
TERMS (Always in Advance) $2.00
Ulday a YEAR.
. Prepaid b the Pka isheer.
2 Copies tfor............ ....$ 3 60
st00 3 " "........... 4..... 400
6 " ". ................. 10 00
9 " . -............... 14 00
12 " "............. . 18 00
S 00 PotaE s Prepaid On the Clmb,wb a
so Wthe iwuo .ttlrag up the
Paste Prepeld e Club, with atafh
superb mezzotint. "Washingaton's First
interview With His Wife,' to the per
son getting up the Club.
Address, post-paid.
CIIARLES J. PETERSON,
306 Chesnut street, Pa.
e, Specimens sent gratis if written
for.
THE BEST PAPER. TRY IT. GC
POSTAGE FREE.
Beautifully Illustrated. A
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN now ino tha
its 30th year, enjoys the widest eirela tha
tion of any weekly newspaper of the kind
in the world. A new volume conmmences
January 4,1875.
Its content s embrace the latest and most Se
interesting inforniation pertaining to the
Industrial, Mechanical, and Scientific Pro. -
gress of the World; Descriptions, witht and
Beautiful Engravings, of New Inventions, show
New Processes, and Improved Industries ter
of all kinds ; Useful Notes, Recipes, Sug
gestions and Advice, by Practie:a Writers,
for Workumen and Employers. in all the He
various arts.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN is the
cheapest and best illustrated weekly pa
per published. Every inumber contains
from 10 to 15 original engravings of new
machinery and novel inventions.
ENGRAVINGS, illustrating Improve
ments, Discoveries, and Important Works,
,ertaining to Civil and Meelhnica' En;gi
ceering, Milling, Mining and Metallurgy;
Records of the latest prel.gress in the Ap
plications of Steam, Steaml Engineering,
lailways. Ship Building, Navigation.
Telegraphy, Telegraph Engineering, Elec
tricity, Magnetism, Light and Heat.
FARMERS, Mechanics, En ineers,
Inventors, Manufacturers. Chemists, Lov
Semr of Science, Teachers, Clergywen, Law
yers, and People of all Profeissions, will
find the ScmansTIc: AMEnIIC.tN useful to
them. It should have a place in every
- Family, Library, Study, otlice, and Count- A l
ing Roomt; in every teading Room,
, College, Academy or School.
SA year's nIumbers c(litaini 832 pages and
3 SI'VIE.RL hI'NImmwnE EUnisvrses Thou- ce
f sanlds of volumes are perserved for bind
ing and reference. The practical receipts
f arc well worth ten times the subscrilptio
' price. Terms $3 20 a year by mail, in
e cluding postage. Diseount to Clubs Spe
, ci nus sent free. May be had of all News
SDealers.
P P lATENTS. In eonnection with
f lo theScIENTIFIC
c AeRIcas, Messrs. Mr:xx & Co. are
SSolictors of American and Foreign Patents,
a and have the largest esthlishment in the
world More than fifty thousand applical SO'
l tions have been made for patents through
Atheir agency. I
Patentns are obtained on the best terms exc
eL Models of New inventions and sketches an
s' examined and advice. free. A special Se
notice is made in the Scientific American the
1 of all Inventions Patented thronerh this eth
Agency, with the name and resit1ent of ,ed
the Patentee. Patents are often sold in het
Spart or whole, to persons attracted to the its
invention by such notice. Send for Die
ts Pamphlet, 110 pages, laws and full di
e, rections for obtaining Patents.
A.~i dress for the Paper, or concerning
b1 Patents, Muxx & Co., 37 Park Row
d. N. Y. Brach Office, cor. F ant 7th Sts.
ry Washinton, D C.
be Jany 11875.-ly l
0ar gn
ror
ias- JOURNAL OF tie
Ri
S AGRICULTURE .AND FARMER, c
A Weekly for Farm, Or- 1
00 tr
00 chard and Family Circle.
S The Weekly Journal and Farmer is a k
10 consolidatiou of the monthly Journal of
Agriculture and the Weekly Missouri
ve Faraer, is now the greatest leading pmpu
la :lr Farm and Fireside paper of the
Sonthlwest.
Its delpa,:r'tmnents are complete and ably
edited. Thile Grange is a leading featulre,
Sand this department is ,always full of is
good things contributed by thIe members
- of the Order. The ladies are heard ni
through the columns devoted to their in- am
terests, and many hints of household a
utility and good advice can be gleaned a
by those who wish to become ornaments
Sin their homes amd by their tiresides.
All classes will be instructed by reading h
the Journal of Agrienlture and Farmer, ai
IN and no family should be without it. Its
MARKET REPORTS
are complete, authentic and reliable, and
the paper is worthl the subscription price
ohs, alone to get its markets, fresh and relia- '
ble every week. o
Send for it! Read it! Take its ad- b
the vice, and it will pay you. h
snd Men and woimen, boys and girls, olde
te and young, give thie Jounnral of Agricul- g
'e ture" and Farmer atrial for one year,
v and see if you have not made a good in- i
Sof vestment. I is a large 8 page, 48 eolumn e
only weekly Agricultural, Orange and Fami
i by ly Newspaper, and is free from political a
b and religious discussions, and its chaste
auad well written pages makes it a wel- t
come visitor in thousands of households
OV- in the great Mississippi Valley.
Club agents wanted, to whom liberal
terms will be given. We want agents
All in every town and village.
yed Send for specimnen copy free, and we
jy, ask that you send us the names of your
hort friends, so that we may send them epe
vel- cimen copies.
Sto- Subscription price, $2.00 per annmlum;
Aus- clubs of 5 or more, $1.50 each. Postage,
tnor. 15 cents must be sent with each name, 1
as we prepay every paper sent out.
ION Address
CHEW, CORDELL & CO.,.
s are 810 North Sixth Street,
They St. Louis, Mo.
WHITEWATERWAGOA
mzine i0 FARM, PLANTATION AND FREIGHT.
L.80 SPRING A1D DEMOCRAT WAGONS.
0 Where we have no Agents
e ill sell direct to parties
desiring them. Price and
description furnished on ap
Oer. plication. . The Whitewate
costs a trifle more than ordi
nary wagons, but is the
4 80 cheapest in the long run.
to o SEMPLE, BIRGE&CO.
14 oo U801UTH IMAIST ST. . LOUIS.
18 00 Parties writing us, w:ll
please mention in what pa
* pei they read our advertise.
tiaW) mont as we wieb to give
lkp redit,where It'isdue.
b oneh I aet year JOB PIJP TIeMG
mA the (l8one aS.tte VnTremeraon OfIBce.
WE WANT AN AGENT IN
EVERY COUN'TY
-IN THE
UNITED STATES! P 1r
--anr- `- over I
----o-----tious a
Gold Coin! $1,000.00 in Gold !
G d----- rful an
-r We Challenge the Worlod,
And will forfeit $1,000 to any person who can produce a remedy which will proe Jan.
by actual test, a . .or. AS d.certain nd effectual cure for all Pains and Aches of
atever a or, t a e internal, acte or hronic, deep-seated or otherwise
thateven
han Dr. Radliff s Great Remedy,
Seven Seals or Golden WONDER De
SWe have hlin this challenge of $1,000 prominently displayed in all our Circulars The
IIId Newspaper AdvertisemIUents, for the last four years, and not t.ak, .lich of rt
hows the super ior excellence of our IRemedy over all other For External or In- sketl
ternal use. Copu
i t will Effect a Speedy Cure in all Cases of . ost
Headache, Neuralgia, Toothache, Sprains, Bruises.
Flesh Wounds, Burns, Colic, Cramp, Cholera
Morbus, Flux, Diarrhoea, Bronchitis. Catarrh,
coughs, colds, Inflammatory Rheuma- The
tism, Asthma, Phlthisic, Heartburn, TrIE
Indigestion, Summer complaint, Dil
Pains in Side, Back or Loins, rOS
Piles, Ringworm, Felons,
Stings of Insects, Bites of fr
Venomous Serpents,
and Especially Ru
matism.
A POWERFUL REMEDY Which is taken Internally by ANY ONE.
----- H
-0
This celebrated medicine is beyond a doubt the greatest discovery in IMedi
cal Science known to the wolld. Its action is at once felt; its wonder
ful cures are instantaneous; in fact it literally demolishes pain.
-.--0o-
EQUALLY GOOD FOR MAN OR BEAST. Br
oO --'--"
tot0
RiEoMEMBER WE GUARANTEE EVERY BOTTLE. The
of ti
No Cure, No Pay !
Try it, and be Convinced. fe
-00 TI
i SOURCE OF HAPPINESS TO MILLIONS OF SUFFERING HUMANITY. Ann
During the past four years the wonderful success of this Great Remedy has far cial
s exceeded our most sanguine expectations; thousands have been cured, and thou- cot
Ssands have found out from actual experience that Dr. Ra.liff s .Great R.emedy, "i
Seven Seals or Golden Wonder, is the Most Wonderful Pain Destroyer in Existence, rew
Sthe Most Expediolns, Safe and powerful Remedy known in tile world. Cures are Art]
Seffected almost Instantly, as if by Maic. Thousands of certificates have been re- "1
f ceived from all lparts of our broad land, unsolicited and unasked for, speaking in of t
Sheartfelt and universal praise of this Great Remedy, from personal knowledge of non
e its almost miraculous powers in curing the most obstinate and protracted cases of real
r Diseases. we
.----oo---- 31
$1,000 Profit in Four Months ! 1,872 One Dollar Bottles Sold! es
READ THIS: aim
toe!
Scott Town, Lawrence County, Ohio. o
Messrs. KENNEDY & CO.-Dear Sirs: At this late hour I will inlformu you of the
great benefit I received from the use of Dr. Radclifl'ta Great Remedy, Seven Seals e
or Golden Wonder, after being confiaed to my bed for eight years with a complica- "
tion of diseases,viz : Dppepli, Bronhitis,l Palpitation of the Heart, Pain in the mu
Right Side, with Generil Debility, for which I tried the skill of our hollmel phy'si
ci:ns, also a doctor of New York City, and two of Pittsburgh, amnd one in the tive
northern iart of Ohio. Took enough p atent medicines to swiml il--ill to no plr
pose. At length I was induced to try Dr. lRadchlifs Seven Se.ls or Golden Vonder. vil
SI sent and got six fifty cent bottles, and before usin it all foundr myself able to al,
travel in a buggy. T'ook the gencty for its hale last April, fouhr moths ago, anid ser
have sohl thirteen gross, on'l,852 I,ottle·s, up to thi_ date!, Agus'\Yt't s t th,'7, andc
expect from the groweing dei mnae to sell ern tholsld ( ,i) bttles in the onext ho
year. Gentlemen, if you think this wlorth usig you can doti so, s I ant .generlly a'
Sknowdl over thiree cometie c s a 1a11fm of grceat ahllilntion. H . r a
yof Yus r Respectfully, .])Ii. ie
i ------- -
Ri- A REMEDY FOlR IIARI) TIMES. TRY IT.
FOR THIS GREAT REMEDY WE WISH YOU TO ACT AS OUR AGENT. tel
r, Dear Sir: -TIte above fully explains the ricles we wish to sell. TIhns usine n
Shon oralble, and by beings energetiec, will pay you well. it is outr desire to ap -ri
hointans agelt in every county it all parts of thte United States and Calnada, grant t
'l 'igto each ae exchluive right to sell every bottle sold in the county. Should you
aeept the agency for one or more counties, you shaIll have the exouehive right to
sell every bottle snld in yor eouutyl, as loung as you contisnue to act as our rcagent,
tsed and all orders which we may receive from your territoury shall be turnsed over to
s your account.
e. This Woerfil Remedy, Seven Seaols or Golden Wonder, sells rapidly in the
Sands of the right kind of teNcu, ad we wanto e other. Now if you t i k you IL
or, are the man for the worak, forward your order e, ai t your county, and go to work;
Its you can sell a grolss in a few d:rS, without a doubt. We have oe uenatt who buysl tr
on an average thiree gross per week, and his orders are oinxresaitg rapidly, and he
has a small counrty, (Berks Co., Pa.) He writes that lie expects to sell oue gross e
ld per dayl, at retil, the coming erseason, not onnting wholesale. You have the priv
ileg e ieof selling wholerale or retail, or o utting it on commission with drtuggiste, or
ia- rselling by sub-agents. This busiue is oarth the attention of gaood men aid men p
of capitl. Should you make but reasonable wages-ay $100 per month tbr the
first three months (mlany nmake more)--nyo would nevertheless be establishing a
d- buseiness that would pay you largely in the end. .. .
Ageits are doig better with our Remedy tihan anythmig else they ever to -
hold of Why is thisa Beeacse the Renedp does just as we say, and our agents
ald cam warrant every bottle. No cure, no pay. Kmowimg that we make all loses
ml good, s nouldthey be called on to redeem a bcottle, agents run no risk of loss.
, Seve aen Seals or Golden Wonder is put up in f1,0o amd 50 cent Iottles, elegantly
n finisllael in neat and appropriate wrappersn amd packed in nice boxes, one dozen in
mu each box.
ni To druggists our scale of priceas are--Large size, $i1.00 bottles, per dozen, .00e
cal small size, 50 cent bottles, per dozen, $4.50.
tWe give special terms to our Connty Agents at esuch fignres tlat they can sell
eel- to druggist and country store at the au~iove price atnd make a haminmdomne profit.
Id We also give an t
ml Extra Premium to Agents !
hIn order to have live, energeticmen to tarke hold of the business at once, we
w have concluded to give free gratis to each and every agent a present of a handeome,
pe- Coin Silver Hunting Watch, Free,
iu; Beautifutlly engraved, and correct time-keeper, worth *20,00, and a certificato of
ragency giving SOLE COThOL of tmch eounty as the agent may seleet (not l-.
e, ready takenu); and, furthermore, all order coming from such eoti lties as the agesnt
t may select, will be sent back by us to the agentto be filled-in factse we give sole
control oa bh couattes as lon as the agent continues in the busines. Remebmer,
the Premiumn Watch is given gratis to the agents, We take his ptelau to have onur
Great Remedy quickly and thoroughly introdueAD. Let us hear from you at your
erliest convenitence, and secure your county at otce, before being taken bhy some
one else. Remember, this offer is open for a ashort time only.
We. A wlmnall Capital Reqs irted to R ac a Large Paying BAiimE E.
The capital requreed is very small, and the profits from it will fdully equal that of
thousands of merchants who have invested a large capital in their bnsiness. Hun
Sdreds in all partes of the conntry are noakiig from $1 .00 TO $5,000 A YIeAR.
And hundrels lore woill date their success from accepting our liberal offer at this
time. Any one willing to work for seeess can force it, but those who believe that
it can be had from idleness are ot time kind of men we want to punsh ounr busainee.
We want
A IE, IVE EIRGETI AO BOENT.
As one such is worth a doen who expec a bImsiness to ,push Itself. We have spent
in pushing our bsiemss ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS.
It has paid us todo it, and it pays our agents, as it advertises it thouroughlly in
every state, county and Townsip, in the United States-not only for us, but for
the Agent Remember, this is a life business and that every year it grows larger
and larger.
i We will send to parties contemplating to act eas o Tur Agents a SAMPLE DOZEN
BOTTLES seeurely packed with our difoerent Posters, Bill, Show Cards, Terns, etc.,
IS. UPON THE RECEIPT OF .50. And all sending 2.60 fo: Sample Dozen, we
will send free of charge. Samples of our Eight Elegant 'lromo , entitled:
eGood Mornin! Good VNight Feedig t ChieAe! Mother s Gave! Out
ad of the Frying Pan! Bo Peep ! Reading the Bible ! First Lesson!
p- If you want your county, let us know as soon as convenient, a the territory may
er be taken. We would be pleased to have parties who contemplate taking an ag
i- y, to send for Sample Paucke of this wonderful Remedy before engaging largdly
he ithe bsiness.
REMEMBER, WE GU'ARAINTEE EVERY BOTTLE.
0. NO CURE N O PAY.I
With these sugestions We leave the matter with you. We do not wish you to
engage unless yon will follow the business as a business, and really desire to mare
nmo-y. We want none but honert, onseiention men. To such we will guarantee
a- suesse. Addreos aileommuniationa to
i 8ole Proprietors, Pittsbursh, Pa
I+ " Please stat iu what paper you saw this advertisement.
FLORAL GUIDE ItH
Pozr 1876. their
It i
Smeasi
SI:UBLISHED QUARTERLY. JANUA- It i
ry Number just issued, and contains ures 1
over 100 Pages, 500 Engraving, descrip
tions of more than 500 of our best Flow- its
er and Vegetables, with directions for cul- cial p
ture, Colored Plate, etc. The most use oe
ful and ele gant work of the kind in then la
world. Onily 25 cents for the year. Pub- derst
lished in English and German. era ti
Address, JAMES VICK, genes
Jan. 16-1y. Rochester, N. Y. Its
news
ALL PAPERS QUOTE F01E I! ! ed fn
eorre
THE Its
Detroit Free Press.nc
perill
The liveliest of family newspapers, full calcu
of interesting news, literature, humorous teres
sketches, spicy parairaph, etc. Sample o,
Copies free. Subscription $`2 0) a year, uore
post-paid. Address than
DETROIT FREE PRESS. ed hi
Detroit, Mich. able
ed e
NEW YORK TRIBUNE ! iclii
The Leading Ametican Newspaper. jtha
THE BEST ADVERTISING MI')IU1 M. men
l)aily, 10.00 a year; Semi-Weekly, old
$3.10; Weekly, $2.00 cle a
POSTAGE FREE TO TIIE SUBSCI- chan
BEl. stucl
ellCt
Specimen copies and advertising rates t,
free. Weekly, i clubs of :t30 or more, per
only $1.00, postage paid. Address and
THE TRIBUNE, ece
New York. Ti
ever
ARTHUR'S ILLUSTRATED
HOME MAGAZINE
FOR 1876.
Bright, cheerful, progressive, alway's up
to the advancing thought of the times.
The Home Magazine takes rank with the
loading and most influential periodicals
of the day. It is on the side of temper- R
ance and true, christian morality. What
ever is hurtitill it condenlns without
fear or favor, and make: itself felt in the
homes of the people as at power for good. .
The Great Hlousehiol Magazine of I
America, is more thoroughly identitied a
with the people in their home and so
cial life than any other periodical in the s
Scountry.
"Deborah Norman ; her work and her
, reward." A new serial story by T. S.
Arthur will he :ommenced in January.
"FIFTY YEARS AGO; or the c:~!mins
a of the West," by Rosella Rice. We an- Ia
f nounce this new series of articles with
f real pceasure, knowing as we do that it
will be among the most attractive that
we shall otter our readers next year. 8
Miss Rice, besides holding the pen of a
ready writer. has in her possession a large
amount of original material from which p a
to draw, and a wide acquaintance with q
people whose personal reniuiscence are
e rich with pioneer incidents and experi- a
Is enes.
e "Homes for the People," a series of ad
ne anirably suggestive articles on homes and w
i- how to miake thenm pleasant and attrac
au tive, by Dirs. E. B. Ditli'y.
r- "The Story Teller." This dejpartment
r. will be unusually rilu. Besides anl
to abundance of short stories, two or three
.. serials will be given during the year. T
id "Pipsissisway" Potts the inimitable de- Z
t hneator of home lifi and character, will
13t have an arti.:le in every number.
IButterick's newest patternls for ladlies'
and ehildres' dresses are given by ,pic
cilr :uralennlenlt every mlonth.
The Mothers' Depart nleit will be care
fully edited and have staggestive articles
from our best auid most experienced wri
tens.
The Housekeepers' Department will be
futll and practical, and contain mnany eon
; tributiona from experienced housekeep
eo ."Thle Lion in Love' and "The Interrup
t, ted Reader," two large and splendid pre
t m ium engravings. One of these is sent
free to every subscriber.
he $2 50 a 'year is the price efARTIIUR'S
nu ILLUSTRATED HOOME MAGAZINE.
k; In clubs; 3 copies tfr $6; G and one ex
ys tra to the getter np of thlte elnb $1. 10
he and one extra $20. l 15 cents must
us be added to each subscription for pre
v- payment of postage for the year. Spe
or eihuen nllllubers 15 cents, in cnrrency or
en postage stamps.
he T. 8. ARTHUR& SON,
a Philadelphia, Pa.
WILLIAUMS' MOWER A REAPER
fl- seNIE, BIRGE & CO,
oe EYERY FARMER HIS OWN MILLER
CHALLENGE FEED MILLS
oCombined
nn- 8HELLER AND GRINDERI
this ytea, wza mss t
em. 1tbetau
SOsage Corn and Cob Mills.
Y in SEMPILE, BIRGE & CO.,
ta for amans Arhasmen leha aa
rger dattlus I.lumewlu
I1 MK hMala B n, 8m. LOIS
E I Pt rs m ama tc.,mstY
,we THE DUBOIs PATENT
O Uat O (t O..ililniIb.)
aaa
mttee Th.Ulshes PaesU at th ustia him at
Beastem, Teu JaekgS, Iailegsmt lma. Ala
Pastes eawerlai th14 plate state Ia what
45511.3.3333rs s s e.,
UU a.um tN sI., BT. LQUIU.
WIlY YOU SHOULD TAKE
THE CINCINNATI ENQUIRER,
It is the People's paper, devoted to
their interests and wel tare.
It is an impartial friend to all men and
measures that benefit the country.
It is the enemy of all men and ieas
ures that seek only personal gaiu at the
expense of the country's twellare.*
Its editorial columns are for the scape.
cial purpose of exposing the frauds of
government ofeiias, and laws couched
In language calculated to deceive the un.
derstauding, and make plain to its read
ers the motives, causes and effecte of
general and special legislative acts.
Its news columns contain the latest
news and intelligence that can be obtain.
ed front the four quarters of the globe
by means of the telegraph, mail, an-i
correspondelnce.
Its agricultural columns are the bhet
adapted to the wants of farmiiers, allot
whoml are invited to give their experi.
enle and resulnts of new ideas and ex
periments of all kinds of ilmplrovement,
calculated to advance the farming i .
terests.
One issue of the Enquirer containg
more solid information anid intelligence,
than can ibe had front fifty of the so call.
ed hterar'y papers. None can lay aside
the Enquirer without admitting a vales
able addition to his or her btock ofknowl
edge.
Its market reports have for years beet
acknowledged as the most comnplete aild
reliable pulished, andi of great valuit to
Stock l)eahrs, l'i'ollucers and Trades.
mle1 gelnerally.
It has depal twents and reading for the
old and the young. For the'family cir
cle and the counting house-For the met
chant and mechanic-For the famer and
stock dealer, anid tfr ladies and gentle.
enc of every calling and station in life.
Its terms are low as any first classpay
per can he printed for, andwl the quality
and qnantity of reading matter used not
excelled by any other paper.
Try it for this year. A Chromo for
every $2.00 Subscriber. Send your sub
scription direct to the office.
R. R.R.
RADWAY'S READY RELIEF
CVUES TaK WORST PAINS
In from One to Twenty Minuts.
NOT ONE HOUR
afterreadingthiasdvertiement aeed ayee
SUFFER WITH PAIN.
RADWAY'S READY RELNTIEP IS A CUR FOR0
EVERY PAIN.
It wauthe Arltand is
The Only Pain Remedy
L. that Instantly stops themest ceructadng p'ains. alls,,
f Iflammations, and cuesa tonaeaiimol, whMnhr eli
Lungs, -tomach Bowels, rother laadserhlsby
I eappllsation.
- IN FROM ONE TO TWENTY MINUTW,
e a matter how violent or exerlciatig thie iss I
RHEUMATIC. Bed-ridden. Infirm, Crippled, Siars,
euralgieor prostrated with diseaae naysner,
RADWAY'8 READY RIEUIEF
" WILL AFFORD INSTANT EASE.
I8FAMMATION OF T NIFI KIDNEYS.
I- INFLAMMATION OF THE BOWELS.
it . CONIES1ION OF TI Li"d.,
/tBE THROAT DIFFICULT BREATiHING.
it 'PALPITATION OF 113 R3i
tBTICS, COUG DIPHTIRIA.
ut 5UTIRW, ~ CATARRH,. IN~FLUIUZA.
r. SEADACHE, TOOTHACHE.
LLNURAL43IA, UIUAhIME.
COLD CHILLS, AGUE CHILLS.
'+ TheappiieeatoflnOtie RestdF ileftlobtW
li pays wherethepaa or di~bulIy "ierl wluWueM
th nd Comfort.
Tety drpsinhslfatumbldir of water wla*7
re c. r CHBRAMPS.SPASM.SUUterO. ,
HEARTBURN, SICK HEADACHE, DIAEO3
*rSR tr CoL WI IND w is ils 3w0,3
egall-I ITBRNAL PAINS.
velers sld alw n a Still
id wrillevent sichness or usirA frm ,mRS.
Il- hi Wb artIlhsn Frch 111311e y s igma ma
lit "FEV= AND AG m.
I) FERVE.RANDAGcP.erndforft" cents. Them
ite ntarenidlal agentin thi1 world tht will eucetaw
and A gile. and all otber al relaiousu. de
Typhoi.Yellow. and oter Fre~ms, tea
n A S')s PIlhl ]1a quieks hRANW)
l EF. ttyc cperiboe.
SHE LTH! BEAUTYTI
re- oFFLnSI iAND WElt I DEAE SIN 1
DR. RADWAY'S
SSarRparllla laIuli
THE CREAT BLOO PUhIFIm
ki~ lAlllllll lllllll 8~l 118118 11: MIG_
otQIlCK.,O RAPIDl AR TUSI CiiANFA.
OP THIS TRUYwUEFU L NU~l- i
RSTEAT0
or __sr_ drop of g Ait~SAPARTTJA.IA U
atY Wtim :t ui San!. ai t..lJ
TENT cluld 8 ll. od.le,x U
irndothe Fids mridjlcluer ef the 'wse U@WI5
p..fciir.p Sh~le, aUItee the bid wliba
soundn mateseal.
Beartais. strwo~noseanesrth6Ts~
-heworst orm lsaof. Sam dseomsa, ?5Pd everyn
0o ,ulaiwI ,ili 'F .
Aenl plilav c8r fo
Acnt i Bleart y W ia t n I_ tFI. a *e W CA
ereah Wombandil fan l Iag -
si me r *myi. a-s_ re... * few
oes.Nwas 5ee s's~
sraapyfmi dni tr m
1(1. pal b. ]1 Wa
wiPatenwgt i M ealh L d.
ita otenl s
vorkofprlirroilC i n r
nI as r oon Wosrod st
aniw emetawlslfelnll she curevi ll
eil Isneecblt,
urneewes.mssart*ae'"
'ohikUSeOle, o r Is
ug. 1 Iawl stae tabassd"_~ . andw
(Mre & by Budv' °mr" w
Dpihlli'tisaeU. 5 ij hous lr. so -- e -'
UewstPls. an1nl jrtigh
Picea.Wrntenlt MehtSa lI 0I.
Teh nlmaiaot tovussn
mnW ood puS,
sojmple, Pirg & O
lllil ld=IawbatUIIId-