Coantry agper in Ihr lte!lr.
-RateS o Subscription.
One erll .......... . . ....
t, ) - n 60' l f ,r h. as
Months
yltl'-
" ~a~~;ip~.
'irli$f~Et !I!r
;I~L~iL ~~J:~
23,2=.; rJ
.,,,~·c,·
~: s·
I.i·~u
gpeeial Notice.- (a' Rr;tV. IAwj.. of
Vern P ish. is the ulily authnri"zed
ern or the 1 IN ItCArn)1 in 1 ilnonl par
Ab enti n11 eonta. ,ts iilt( )V him|| will
he fully ralttitld anll 'l e tri d ouit h1,.y il.
E. F. resshy anl .I. II. ('..lwell, Pare
olr ntp ' i fo.r a 1''|bill' .
NDoIY E S
LOCAL ,,AE.NINI;.
Berries plentiful. : I ;1.1 of
Fruit prospects spl'l idt . ,,nt 1,,il
e(eptille.in ,im) lane.
',ie av irag l f ; i .. .,ril; 1. h i IIi 1i
nl optic,)htl h, i .O -A 'lla.t } llthe ,
r "rr. lhl l : 1:', 11111", I er- llr \' l1111
g i r dg . ! u t i o, '
per. **ld ,ex'l
4-o7,t) ic('n k1 & l llr. for plh an' - I ;l,1' i
iion supplies. T&(. he y 1
c lnll ft II I .,lll' ""ti 'i.- . ib t r'IV
~ iiny R. ' iii •'ii'' it I
things" 1)l and I'
The pri1e olf isr is op. NOw lok 'or civliCd
great syruprm', h1u ", 1t
To nilake Ia Ion'l,'. i' ' r1t'f,, fe'ld I:" , vt er- h
green ap pl,h. h i - siC taii}
Fir, lot ,a.ons :It 1,.nced I i s \\.
"Linlk" is the al'l it,, ^i t" n.u.. ,,f :! 1I001
Tew York s l tiai,' ii m k'r. i,"
Trnuth lii(s : t lt l, I, , ll , fit 1 ~ o t . 11l. Ih t W e
anilkno r n lev o r fin 1I ; an 1 i n 1'" t h ket. l i
The itlrn \\hCt h ,t,,r i 'I h,' w N i h t he I' the
Cpir to slhno l wu: s a tiIiii-: 11, . ll aiilslt -
ty Pi [l ) V S . , llil' . n t , tta, s a nl T h
Oliep nargd : ia"' i i tihe iain , thiey gi. e ii lth'
to tlh- groatu p 1 n ,r:; 1h,'" "I nti's., he-l to put
callse it iS t h vl ul tt' r.- . Y.tl.
Ollt' od lturn dTsr'ves lnltmte', bi ta I fort J
Ashirt collar is only .i paI ' e ' iw .-- t o. , c 'ic
Irnear tl
Wheeling , al,.ndr, Iner thck
Two fa tasset -- a bridal mplC.--N'" Y. lur il
Colmercia:l T''hre for lih water-.1- till hl
trio at th'e phsitinr.g isprinis.-1):lhnr' wt n
Newr" N.0
Thein' llln's 111 irl t!i u Jl llllý.
or, lower yet. :1 seaimp. Aizern
Who wt'ites frll inltn alti,:o A '
I d.1"t bi
And senIu to postage stampi ii' le
3MkPhome, hipl)Y bI" buvinr a family inltiot
igllhttpatetnt broom :11' sei'l hbrooin llmudr
combined, at Metlook & Brit. next 1
The Ciare lenati Satrl'da Nighlt thinilk te cl
thnt the pnucit"y 'of ,k'es in El antl is Th
erplained by the fact e .it i taet it tk' tven- dTiha
ty shilling . to ia,;dk a l tn'. i w. P
The othellr dny a teachelr ask.d at un- tV
regenerate upil - t, lhe .i tld r 'if ati& a ion
dertaid u!n pr s. n+" pilce qus, ' ,1 re- inpr
plied: "I tilin it is t int. r, sir. A n e ott,
rate it is nepl -terd' Il: -' ecuti
SACK('S Tixa~ Runlst Proof Oats ' t
12" jstr ,,r ,,id at McCkl' '
A hair from the mad tlog is aild to cuen hd.
tills A e
th4rit ,;a the f e Wcr orcaint s nrow. Th an
that a solitary tress tfroin th hash will o
onre a passion for a wiltlr girl.
A new bin t fr l. :ltlsemlenl hs ' steel that
clad tol. 'hie increasity g arm of o hook t w
daonht. prip
Buggie.s anld Vat otns for sAtle at rie- call
dnee pricey at Mc(look & Bro. for
Our Shitef is still abtent and as to 1c11as5 4
we are like the Sheritf wiho culdn't ar- le
ret his prisnoner and reported him "In we
atibnu est." t111
The fruit -:,Spl"''cls were never more ant
lencouraging. It is a healthy dliet anotdr
the cuntry is helsd in having anll re
.ahnndance.
A full line of All grade g,,nds at re
duced prices at lMcCook r& Brp,. it
The S'oly reliahlee' lrart Ahle came
, promptly to tine Tsuesday morning andll
her polite ohieers placed nito nnder renew- t
d obligations foir a fill ilge of city pa- tb
persof nlast Saturday, for which we tip Ct
our beaver. tl
And the earth is dusty, parched andOR
dry; thoe fhrers cry rain jnst now. The
.indications are that thllir prayers will
,oon be answered. tl
S Me Cook & hrn. is still receiving a p
flol line of all styles of goods at lonw
. a prices and to anit the times. 8
One onlee has been reminded, in the
shape of a fue "mess" of Erin's prodne
ti6ns, yelept potatoeS' that Antilley still
li the king of the soil. He shonld be
therally enconraged in his etforts to Anp
1Fl our market with the "arliest of the
ThTmown Clock needs a rope to "wind
hrour a set her agroing." Will some i
enetrtg e tteeo start a suhscription list
o ppbly the needed repairs The town
a.elk lapnbie institu-ion; all classes
saer by it stoppage and are interested
ila kteplg it in motion. Who will start
ORESTER WHITES, 80W PIGS FOR
• breeding purposes. Apply to
April 20-4t J. C. TRICHELI,.
W. H. Tuonard, District Clerk furnish
- wa+' s with the following lIst of marriage
liaestee for the week euding Maly Sd.
Loat A Prudhomme Miss Marie E Clontier
. ewa Wheeler to Mlrgaret Chelettre.
Lal Calhoan to MargKaret Brown.
r IOr TOO trsTI-A small lot genuine
·. athm~la ratton sed for sale by Mo
iiank & Em.
Bergh is needed in this locality so we the married
should judge from the rumpus produced The young II
on Second strceet recently. hy howling awnd of "l,ha.rt hi
yelping .inine's streakintg it' altig , h it i; hI0 1 il
sidewalks \with tinl enud attached to their eiit. is plahyi'l
nolratrx. Suspicionu is that bolys were diabhle. pl'tie
1 r,.nt it ill crt.r ai 11 ull,',h hl, a dls- l I
ui Ill".t 1 s y ,Ii "if
tioat i1 Gold lurida,, a day %so gAtierally I ls lt look i
ohlisrvlel ail11ng all- C'athitlic denoina- llit Ik
t ions., w1-n1 a lady retmarked that she had ditiivtl hi Ii
retlat the ihtl- tiirougih sI\.Iral times andl a r t,; tot
site' (cou1 d ilot iual any passage, therin for- cn giw' .-it
hiiddin the eat inl of meiatl l l'li- (;t wouI' d
repeat, is t
A littlr girl a:t lookin. utt f tI he i i- thing t t
( ,,\\ into the -tar .p:1 . , ,led dl,,lo ,, of flight tli1n by Sut
\lien iia uiIleor shut althw:itt l t the heav n Iotll ( I se
`ihe tiurnel' ,whba,'nly :u1ro'u1, wnd ll.xhclail- .i,'al sign \\
e llv, 1 II. jui t n lT k ib.t : l uti lll 1,odi t hIi thil
atlo' " V' t " I '"'" " I:t W - 11, "'. i;ta i',h1 "
ti l` : "\V Iv \1 1ili n\:" *a IIt1 k,' 'nll I t
(111 '"III1:1 t ,t II\' W l l 111,' 1 t : 111 l | I I. tol\
hug I ho-... .S' , l , 1 ,f V i,, .tl ('rl 'ili i.i' :it The
:iiii i. ivi is TI ti n 1 1101. 4 u t thie It
\Inta lwi n' w de1 :ivh P .. iin l.ii1
tInh 1'" g aitlitt 11 hi1. ti- a ilihi nt ti
' lizea l a "1 d ibI , i t forill ttl id,, " l, n i ll II ! tI 1t 1,
\'ii1i 1 11 I 111i.1 1 t ,t\1 h it 1t:l 1 l t ai :111 til t ,',-l i I . :t :
th1,an t ind m, seu ui t f, 'ii, ": .tuiti,'.
r-ith u it. ati tinni ltay c ls tl
h't!u :1 11 th t \\aitt *taiitirt. wn At l i
1.Ira l. ki
hlin a' tilit . tait,'- Iut," Aitl. l : i ,. ,.Iichtt il'.
, nll tlh , D ial c tS,, ,in o. tt t li, it , \"' "lilt a I l I,, lil
th ti s ,tb thn iti the "ti \b il
h,, h ' I1 '11r 111:11 \\ : llfi!: I ll'tl a''', 11 1 t41 I 'l'\\
Our of t i' mo u st the, \ 'nilr lit glticrh - "lor :1n1 t lo 'i
N-Il i's rI itil s an' lt i sh . i' of the it e
l ilin Ia trd i te itil it ft u i tic h:t
'h11 oy hav ge d h '- l ith pi o t eilcs i li o ', o 11yiaal,
iilys aor1
he t unc uti 111" e lI fv- tt' t nli1'
\ ti-S l ii t Ih aneVl y lIre t til : r1il st, - ii'111 t iitti
i.ol Ii o ll m :l ,h e nit d arty llt itthntl i
1, 1nhi't re dl, as' o l,' t is t111h, t ir j ill t i .ot 1
q itet tliite , f oring i f s !rf il A 'li
i" b tici . the e l i l , t ' lllihtful lie, in tice
t, . ',- t eti r t tiul itla rt rl e1 'ld ul i t' cin li ,il 1 8
ntii 1 Virt- illct or te' rLil'l tlOa t h nllll, - frt - pil
,,'_ co victs, to wrk o, n tiet . ( .:" P. ; 111
hut gilthitiytlil up u shonfhl tilgh s ºs have
Iftthilt \
1:iS1. Y II- t i ll hd:1 ir e'll li ilti. :tit ltll.ItI
A \h' \. hle !I hall t h:lli, l i I hilly chills, file "0dtl
Irtoo lll-llr o l ll ari. for hitr ani l' llo'i t hiiu- iIy .autro e
D t s i i W i, r 'i a t. Ilh" ti h ins thi w ali r t ilt tuitil
1t11 - litd i arll iuptt'' llltl f o l ot ur Il aih nll h atiu l It' l
'. I~l | tlat ti'liy Our ll u eri . algh. hrou a\h li hiall
ciiul*i
t)it presuml y n1 in altc ag e1. ruh III
[I l" nteigt th 'e l hin ht.a u lila s -l'tthl re -lt i p il
r1 al \ ' itten n irn to io , so lth in|the & t . t le.
SO neat this phien. W. hl le d t ish the llt
tro. 1hi' c i nal. e r is t h l Pilll ht a t cob-the ats'h
tI l'tuil I"-ac rleigh liy iai.'n Wt' lot al rtpl pa t
S w i ll nil r uim a n le ill l, on E t g l a ui t. a\ t 'i tu
t tlm't a n litt who Ittt l n- t e r i
of il. l eh i , chat'T ell l Ialriow'i ha' l"
wektollth ii t thie h chi lhn sr e n plll y ca'r or li r. o
day il trmte r i aill etforts i te i dirctin, O . l t tinn
, n realii~t l fd a ol it ~ iorel dvilittI , d i ae t he Cliii
l i rit ter thial ict ure of lnil t lloo to re- ien
i te ca-.ll em i ftr r t htter g y to
a r loc be ,a titi. ren in Stis. " Pt-i o stRe t aa rip- art
tw lr- The otof ha row hntr ocrrd lure NIlite pt ahai
ca Iwek to ilitllb ti e qit tierritr of orr , h i
Il com· old hurl. Music"d andshotin, coutinue s
ir nor and a yoci tlefl a rieolitisto slke thl e cl il- , e
tie i ad drn tihourt town ho -adjo uile toer ato the
vlng n rer habithir s of th i "Pltenitth tno w"ait' in
devotd terir attentioW to the phoeting lat
ti - Ttanllr. r, aled tllh . COl. lnllo onIcR of
a at re- the eiritllent atrin ohanu, which eehsl to i r
,\ol he a patrwe il, St. D St.enis street.
, Tle T low of thev Clpmbers of tllhe Natyait d
.i . a i t lls Ind are "nrefu ari - to attrnd the io - n,
'a repllo- I atrict Cnrt lit Collhnttwa, nfet week. Ie to
y nthle my stllthimt , en ndnrsthllll d oir PrliSo tOe
holwe tibe Cpart ies wo tke djoitr.I'd oeary toth
thirdt onsp-di icv thio month to awHit
heth a o thheir rietuhn te oih thl r, pleaarn t
tkw. Tthe rnstluirntivhtrihs.
er e twill havertl bamids of minis have is 'eT
their oppeon ne in our cith within the Fin
iheivin a li p at wea, hneld old St. Dcui tcht, inals
eat low- i coaeuence, puts on luitte a gea. aldo
e a llely ipne ar"nce evaela y ovening. oTir
said thet "mnesic hath charms to soothe,
e, in te At" So also Ih "imrs Winsoas Srnup,
A prodc- aOd the diag rene bretwnd the edsets of
till till the to, dfaenr o the a conditionh of the
hol be artieL who take it. It's not so eey to i
,ts to s fp- discovr ones mtlhdie or aseb at what s I
st of t me he remqlirey te oothing for, when t he
tanyie the scs p, as it isn when he has to
e toCowin i heve the muwine atomini ter"Hd. There isfo
Will some only one name flor the arlp, and the me
ription liit i lut he calledi for b lil ercllent nats
intereste e man steps up to the chief musician and
will start with a tembling voice asks for oDearest
then I'll love ont more," it is ears nough
to diagnose his rase, and if the disease sto
PIGfS FOR nottoo far advanced the effects of the
progresses. Yetr ome men have a facult)
the foridint the disease, by asking for a
of mrriage remedy known to be not unitde to the
thei rod. cset, afo instrne, when 1, the other
o evenirg wanted to near "had I aheart for
their. Bowl, in a great favorite with the own
lot genuine er of the ber rooms o it generally manes
, sale b& M" som one All up for all bands. "Pot me
in e s wih takd" is nostlly colled for by
the married men about ten 10 o'clock.- 3 A FAl
The young men stay to bear the 2nd part The Duel
of ''obert lt s diable," which is now be- The Duel
i l a,, ,h ,'d in t, p,.rts. 1st part. Robi
ert. is phlayed iat s o'clock. 2nd part, le
diable. played at 12 o'clock. During ilhe
evening concerts at the l'h4u.ix and 29,, 'i'hI.rre ai
nmany u' ircal puns :re tlipp,"i np, a:. it the fulfu
were, andl d!"]r-ve t . place. Fill. ;Iennlt of
one says, if the lihat collltes iaioneid ;I-ili I leItlton
he shaill It .t l i roki : alilt ther r1plti 1s I ;,11 ,nhli
lilist look shill a 1 nain getliig rather Democrat
d i mlilln i ll i y lf, N al r , h im lii o : ri w " tI i t s i t h ai
cli; +i ; ij *i iiiIijs:~* ist. of thlit
I t I' ; olt ch() ;, ng e t for a eg ar trr n lr t e" Vi , T hai i ti
Call give i \'y t wo snii qutrr'., Th'll e t o l thl. II n tl
genians desire of the hill owners of put-1111nt
tiing, two liits d at their liars, which meanis lthe sainit
repeat, is tabking well. In fact, every- time lbetiw
Ithling ion St. Iei in street after dark is lmeihr i
done bl y ilunsi. iiil ftir those w.lio can't triht it
roue iii lt sc anti heit, the following nlul- G0:AIElNNIF
sntel sgn will ri vi a g',neral idea ot'about iilrge intlh
snot s:,' thii ;,list) Get
' of 't'l 1lrn I
),l .f plie paiti'
it The Anitecedentlils of Disease. fair ha\v
a t,,,, ti, :ileelenrts of disease are atTion+,
In.il, i'.- n the irialation of the blood, its 'tiise'
a ar i r;tally att ennated COnlitionllof not It,
- t,,ii, jindicating that the life be iatieie
,nt. i" a, i.iciet in nutritive proper
. . ,M. 1auggi ril look, inability to di- ':i7 t\
i .! the 'oid. loss of appetite, sleep and ulenl 1l0
itr ting :tih. t:d s "nsatin of unnatural t i
All the '-l, may be regarded uis teclieti
ian ii hi e intliiia of approachiing disease p i
I'i.h j iIll ieveintually attack the systeni l out
141 ,v i. rwhelin it, it' it is not built tip
I. i1111 lur'ilh ie l alndvanee. Invigorate, ral aic
the, w ithout loss oif t inme, making choice wlhii r
ofi tihe greatest vitalizing agent extant,
Sll-~Iti- ttel' Stomaciih Bitters, an elixir it least,
w hihh has gi;ien health and vigor to ten itor
i ii ii-, ids t thite sick andl debilitated, which halled
Siis -ouiiclhed hy plhysicinlis and aniylystsl
ie lie puinr' as well as seffictive, which is his ban
.r- inieiileiv popul;ir in this co utry, and now ti
, I' eat' \' nielv nsed ahroad, and which has me a
tihl re nl for y'ears liast tine of the leading te i
intieditial stiplels of America. May 4-4t jdtn
cau pa6st, tI
1 812 Pensions. ni id
I 'naidr this at, uitny person who served very i.
ti i itl', days iior' participated in one bat
i. in thet' War of 11I12, is entitled to a
its ; l',i siin of *i per itonth from date of ap- ing the
ploal, of act. Widows of such soldiers to av
is hi';v died after similar service, no
mtiittir what was the date of marriage to er or
tlhe oldie'r. are entitled to the same Pen- peat t,
.N iither (i parties are entitled. a papt
All 1`12 lPensioi'ners dropped from the Natc
iare hll" ,ei'ansie of alleged disloyalty are 183,
.-llIe~turedllby thiis act.
N ail re ,tplia o atitTs lie executed before Bossi
ith'r ;i ntliclil' of ia court record.hostilt
Sendlil toi us tfor any information or
b ti liiaks ilcieild. GILMORE & CO. p
up 629 F Street, N. W., in site
rr,.h A\lptil i tI f Washington, D. C.
pubice
Sni - Our Town and Parish. Gien
thl, Nati.hitoches is a ttwn of about 4000 inhabi
the\I talut-. ,itaiatid ii Cane river, a stream navigable a rep
wiih ,tn im the winter season by the larst class of ti ng t
' t.iaiiboait. anud within four mil of Red River,
n hiih is navigable during the entire year. The tions
\',.w tii-hli's Pacific Railroad, now in course of
ii"- -i.totrutiin. will pass within ten miles, South Raci
iiill NtY.-t if iit ; el'trts have been made to se- 08
Y Itliii l'l ' , t t iip road whic'h we l rO certain will be
S- i ti ,,ll',i-id, At lipr.Meeit we are within 40 hours ally
ri iii of Nt Ori'lellas, per steamer, and within 18
Arln ieiit'uonr oii hrvleirt. whire railroad communi- spot,
xillih t"iilis open to all Western and Northern
ilil'1 this .
at' f ive fan- town has three chuiiches, Catholic Epis- ladie
S Ihill tal anr Methodist, (the litter in course of
Si.,tinsiruitieioln attended by large and growing from
ofu° ' ith i .atgtiliiiii, while niliniiiieii churches of thie
saui i ilun .uiinaitions, at il the Baptist are scat
tr rl t o hO t ro ghatthe parish l lng'religions
facilities as good as ini any section. We-hiave te
I t iii' three handsome school lMjiiiitgs, at numerotia
Sirivate and piblic schools in the ton, whilst
S iveri 4 public schools were sustained dorh ding
i i the past year in the parish, through the public
school fund.
t iti Public education is attracting great atrention,vgo
' li' t uriiie the one year which the native cit'G
zun Zlinta hail control of them it has been shownad
e Ienr tiat the inpirtance of a good common school
elucation is not to be overlooked. Some tro-u
a", tle lha been had in securing the services of
inhipetlit instruct hoinha srt time allr
difftictnlties now attenditig our public schools
i"t will be overcome"
t'tuNatchituches has over 40 stores and bnslness
tl iiik houses, laeklummthtshiiPS, and wagon and cartE
shopsc while there is a great demand fur mann v
iiir 1a4factitnies iioue have yet sprung up. A Foundry
. jiy- wioild pay well here. as also Would plagniang
lisiidplow fact'ories, i-ot ton and wooal tel, l nin
Tohee l iii l town and parish are trowing some in
p peulnatitin, and recuperating hrom the bug rule
ire fr of iie. errpet-baarg'r, al/. Iignur:;antl negro h; nas nl
fe t thie State anti the whoMle, Motth h p. s.
c ii'cii lation of tht; parish is iibou t 2 ~ifl.li while there
pittiuat is aiiiphleroini for teln iniues that number-not tt
oin t e thian oiie'4eth of tie aTrseable lal being in my
, e. '[ h iil ivation. The soil iirunul this towe Is a~lun
vial anti as rich as any in the world, while it i.
Ittoe- inexhatusta8ble. FarmTers raise Cttton Corn, l
"b'btte Oats(, Sugar' Cane, |111'e (hitghland) Grasses, To- M
, acci; and oii R climae makes Othis secion con p
geet al f or the yiehi of grahis of al kinds. As
alsetck country this s nnsTirpassed. Our win'
it arip t are mihld, never beghuiiiing before the earlyar
a w part rf ]iecetnber, and rarely contindnly later
thethan the last I Fhrnarv. Mitch attention has
te h en t iven. within the I Et two'years, to the li
td h ir roving ant rearing of cattle. htirses. sheep and
'it inmegs, a * withina short time this sectioin wil
qticcessfully compete ,with any in the Union
'Har pis." n ub in
SGFod land cai be hd for from $ 62 to 621 per
S acre. The prie being regulated by in.proe
Siaents location &c. uinseret in 'town from
ifIIII 1 0' $tui $20 per mtinth. Goiod. conifortable tene- i
[ "° uielt houses rent readily for tItli per month.
h hooing roips are ctult~ivated on thie share system, very
few paving wages.
:errt of s a'hiume for an agricultnural popnlation this S
sestosect ion has few to equal it. certaiinly none an- r
pee Irior, auid all such wtinld uteet with a hearty
auth ienerous welcome. We dlesire. and especi'
ally invite ntechanlctl, acricnlturists andt Csl'i
Nneit-talists from the North to come aniong us, "to f
iilm ,ey the an's. fitrget all prejudices. wiirk hard" f
Ite)i-and to aid its i'n building up otir town alit par
tee. I ich, and liringiug prosperity within our gates-.
c. Tii all sitch we say. COMg. We have the ioMEs
rr P rishto exchi-bine for your brain and nutschu',
r t It te
to aaitArrival and Departure of Malls.
plasn NEW ORLEANS.
ARRInVE: IDEPART :
•vemeleTuesday 4 r, M. Monday 9 A. at.
tihi n heFriday 4 P..M. Thnrstday 9 A at. 1
stree, inSaturdaly 8 P. at. Thursday 4 A. at.
gay and StBinday 4 P. a. Satutrdaty 9 A. M.
ning. ' Tis SHREVEPORT.
to s oothe, ARIRIVE DEPART
owyuEvery day except Every day except
,ws Srup, Mor~day, 9 A. a. Saturday tI A. M.
t'flects of TEXA8.
tion of the ARRIVE : DEPART :
so eeasy to 'Tneslav 6 A. M!. Thursdlay 6 A..at.
ss w at wa Friday'6 A. at. Monday 6 A..at.
wh'nwhen he WINNFIELD.
he has to ARRIVE:" DEPART :
There is Thursday 6 ir a. Wednesday 6 A. at.
and the in- Friday 6 P. M. Saturday ft A. at.
ren nmsMINDEN.
isentena Foi ARRIVE: " EPART:"
seae. o! Tuesday 6 i. M. Wednesday 6 A. M.
kig o ng !oin Fridisy 6 P, at. Saturday 6 A. at.
asician and MRS. M. A. BURKE, P. M.
E. BAKER,
No 7 Camp Street, New Orleans.
RESH, PURE AND RELIABLE Gar
den and Flower seeds sent by mail to
any address, postage paid.
Also a flal stock ornamental trees,
plants and roses.
All Slock atrictly first.clas.
'p Everything for the Garden. '24
April 6-lm.
A PARISH REiINISCN~( ., I ' ,'i"ts ge..tl.
perl , thabt
The Duel Between Generals Bonsier their respec
and Galennie. assuaged by
BTl THl EIToR. life, and to I
all thle mleal'
Th'lere appeared not long since in happily they
tile r'clll'lfiS ls of IIhe VINDICATOR an persisted in
•'c.i.intf o,,f the il lllo'l' s due' l lietwP 'lI low tlV I' llllill(
SIleilsto ul ti1 el,,Iht'ianeh , er'ittiP 1 fe, i . :,il , nd,
S:Ind I'llli'sheld iil tIhe' Ne ( Irle:a tulll :Ia itrClIl
)Demcrat by a ,listin uie ished i'joe rn:Il M,.liu'idl
ist of that city. I' h
InTl t b .'e n nt co 0ntail d i refl. i0 M 1' t`",.. e Ge'll'1':
toIc le t heet ecml dete'l I iV 1 1 ecll 4 salee c e iet
Ihe, sanie er ncefl a 1lnd lt till. ams P ij Tlledi ti
tile' el twe'en Oen'ne' Il '. 1'. lhs i, ,, f :e lii:un ,'te1
lntlel n'r of (' relgl's i elronm his I)ii- i i th e Ilu t
trict itr h le tillll', n lo a l l lelicl t ii . 1 : te. l' lr l
GAIENE NIE, a t distin ,enteiJld cili 'i' of f' i .iitd of the
lbulie' jelil 'liee :tlec po 1,lli1 1 li1 \', IS s IM e1 . esThe i
f on til pnhe I ll
also t:,eti . 1a1 B ossieh r. lh nh th es i vs c.
f n tle n'- ,e - ise ihli. oeef - ci lt hi- :Te, 'i Th t
eie'l+,'e i i entil. i dil,; .:ei tel ni i ne e, I. ,lee
ph. :, llh'+ it, \ '.,: t -all : dt',l ll af jlt. T'hr'
faiil' it a e .i.' I ci ral'c e d i,, ilh'. I e liut al -I e ln ill '. :l' e
stlh. liThe
e ac ot'l lli, Ot' li"e \'' i , a i ,tl te il lit, cif tie' Je-"e 'e'f i
its e t..e'' awie l.itpii resultsi I,,,hl th l i ,ele I r :
n 0notl Iele 'i,. hil, t hi ii l tii l re lt ,I - iilll I
be inle' lilt tee niult e tch' . iter, 1ha ll1 i
I, r l niennit ; t 'a l t i ltt ale l nd \f t or 1i.t iti
h h lis, . ,i ttol
u1l eelitieael igitati on. Tl1e ,' ple ief e,lh. fei e
is teelh l wi e illl wth o . 111e1 the1,' ,Ar e .rol I
his ban ,Ti*, of Ith, canI hon weird witJ'o Ii
il pasi'to i t lt ic e ei," ihet pitch. GewlI- hi itllhe i'l
eprll Gaie ni t ' aic llh e le ader of tie d th' e letl
sltll tlee' lr|l
*e "liol, ocief l is o r p th, t l iIh t, lits iten isto el
'll At l ;ie st, e' Iii lel t ýilJi if l gelJ scope ofl sit u i d lh
e very foundations. cockuhi si
to iteli il ent s i in il lnedi ssier p1ee1 - ihe l ats lr
ith isall t he li' )elneeiicrtic' llh sts ulder be ir collli
is his thban l. T'el , the, Citl he said 7th. ol
eno that Il'eieeita td iet, alt loued with lhie oft
to er or lale it t ii occurr elightenedt the woird
- t jflldgent ielt on lhe traiict jiciis oft' the takein thei
en- peast, to have been the cu llwtionfi pilt toi
endet so tragillcral tieln at the time ith. A_
flOt' ed ociety h ill t,11" parish to its taiken thle
the ethllitoleif eldl , glstcocked 2 , u all
a The' eVi ntS iintimediately ilreced- hl both
ap ingl3, t nle dlel, aldt which lnity be said s l
eto tilave ptcncipitaited it, ilthcllh soon- bll;
to er ilor lat i it ,et hie occ. . rred, all bt it
peat to hleave Iceti bnthe pfblicatien of party to,
a paper' by Generail Gaiienili+ in the renent1
he Ntcl itochetl ner d, Augnst to mr th Ilet, to
republic it hich lie tatedli that General 11. It
fore Bossier had rlepreisenietd a certain flie lhe
litosile con velt sitilell, wh liich took ball; an
pl acr a t the h ou se of M r. S. Rachal, either r
i in such a maililner' as to impress the nent, to
public with the belief that lie (Gen. e
Gaiennie) had been the ilnsulted par- 12.
bi ty. This publication, orcourse, drew be prese
gale a reply fromil Gen. llossier, reittera- dersigl
eaof ting the slublstance of his conversa Iprilncip
The tions relatinlt to thie meetinig at Mr. think
outh Rachal', anl statingll that lie (Gen. sig
e' Bossier) w';:is n the point of personl- cluded
hour ally tlilshtisilg Gen. Galenlnie on the time' u
mig 18 signled
n spot, but desisted at the request of trusiol
rthern i ,8 sotn, Mr. V. Gaielinie, and several
ree of ladies who were present. A rejoinder
OWin from bothi Gel. Gaienlnie sliand Mr. V.
ot Gaiennie. was iluniediate, in which
ethlltey stated, thalt they "had reluc
o tanily lpoceured ceiltiticates foemn tie
derni g ladiei, that wmould be published i t he
bi good time, showieig ,;onclusively that to the
o t Gen. Bossier was the inanlted lirty, Old a
ho and lie miiIst in ellnslequenello seek tIhat ttl
Sro- redress hea had held himself ready to late
ln accordI to Gefi. Gaiiflllie, or else as- plti
ihoo m some that ldilln to which death is1 t
n prefetable tc a gentlemuan. e
mann Whereupou Gen. Beossier plomptly th
sent the folhewing perelftory hial
lenge to ren. Gaieni. certa
o ne in uATCIIITo)CIES, LA., L.
0; a a in 14th September, 1839. fien
e ppu. Sir :--The unprovoked and slanderons to th
berot attack which you have lately made on their
beinhin my character, induces me to demand of
yrhila a ou persolail satisfaction. This note will ZiI
nlee dlelivered to you Iy my friends, part
ees, To Messre. Sylvester Bossier, Victor Som- I
on con payrac and P A Morse, who are anthori
ds. As zed on my part, to nmake the necessary thou
the earrefangeements. aE.
D later (Signed) P. B. OSSIER. t
ntnonhas To General FRANCOIS GAIENNIE., Clon
e n tierville. 0
Eeonil This was as promptly accepted by selr
General Gaicenie, in a note bearing but
i irV e a later date which, unffortunately we chii
Stl nhave not been able to procure, horne wo
ebene, by Messrs. L. G. DeRussey, F. B. situ
t lnao thi Sherblorne, and J. G. Campbell, and res
none s n- rifles were naled as the weapons. Get
ne eii epc We thius see that polities, then at a ton
and c fever heat, divided even the 8esonds; wI
or ha r- for while the gentlemenell named by 5PT
oeret te Gen. Bossier as his friends, were pr
h OE prominent Democrats, the 0econds of los
Gen. Gaiennie were also prominent th
a lsl. Whigs. be
Intense excitemlent prevailed bo
throughout this whole section at that mi
time, as it was morally certain by the sa
A . public that, as ,IhI were gentlemef Gr
t . of character, chivalrous and honora- be
I.ble, nothing could wipe out the stain as
of newspaper crimiuation and re th
eceppt crillminatid) save blood. te
uA.*In the account of the LeBratche- Ce
tieuston duel, to which we referred p
: at the optset, it was stated, or inti- cc
A..t mated that General Bossier was a si
e"noted daelist." Such does injus
tice to the character of that gentle- a
y 6 a. M. man, for he' was, on the contrary, a 1
. . person of very phlegmatic disposi- O
t: ion, calm, studious and very peace- a
A6 .. M. ful. Gen. Gaiennie, also was a law r
6 6. A.. abidingtna, and neither of the geo- I
E, P. M. tlemen had ever been engaged in an
affair of honor, as principle or second;
until they appeared as the chief per:'
Ssons in the fatal rencounter we now
t relate.
Orleans. Rifles were regarded in those days
as the deadliest of weapons, and by
ABLE Gar- mutual agreement between the im
t by mail to mediate and acting friends of the
ental trees, parties, the meeting was postponed
for a few days, in order, if possible,
clas., to induce General Gaienonie to name
a rden. *e some other weapon not so neM caril
ily fatarl, a the then dreaded Rifle.
T'hese gentlemen tel|t. and very ll'I- ,-oo-:,o "i ... 1
perl., that the wounded honor oi' try llhonlors
their respective principles could be was in Wash
assuaged by something less than at hastened tty
life, and to that end they contributed could not st:
all the means in their power. Un- being conmpe
happily they failed. Gen. Gaiennte man's life ill
piersisted in his choice, andl nothing This is a
now temnined ibut toi arranige for theli of theSIel
li,::1 m1141. whichl they did by ui - i
teal :igteeuenut to tthe folloiing: LI!
lt.ltllolr 'luditlalllit 1 co itioils and rules 1 IiM AINI
n hi'la the .4eml.itedlt'll lmeeting be- 1 Natchite
th en te neral ['. 1. ,iutisitr and t11.n. April 7 , '187i
Franicis ('aietlie, shal' ire regulated Alhloungh, Fit
and eondnet'd ; agreed upin by the un- Allen, John
ise sigil d, thenir r .spective frtiueds: a llseid, 'T
est, The weapons used shall be Ilth'., Allsed, T J
of :1 ,i: uilter of burr not exceeding that Breadlove. I":
ott the ull'tts which have been exhibitdl Iall, on
hi\' the friend.s of the parties, hlade.d with lh'l, ohn
Ssill ha ll, it the pr'esecil e of the B rtot,, T \.
friends of the respective pnortit' *rdelin, 31
I.l. The ple shall he the Savanilloh IaswetA. Aril
on the phl,tMion of Mir. Emhile ýonmpay- Billitt, B W
' 1 tli le.. St
:i The 01 hll he We nesday Banks. \
sto nit next (the i 'r1th) at i 'lockC, Iu .l iter. :
A I H!i thil, EJil
tll. a h dirlst'yri thorty pm'es i.i r l, le sl l nt. lar
h de .ati l lte t ieils \ li e tt.) ti't d. W in.
i 'th . ýti'ul ( ( to h b ,. ct' Ulite d b y oi:ithey Ch:
S ht i r t.e cthie plrituils s hall II agretew d Harton..1 V
1 l1,4 ,\Y l:t it l'ri,"udIs. will alter .smiieltlI l(1 t1-t 1ru 1'
' agr,,-lme, t til t- choi'e of 't"4 t1"1lil1 11!01l i. ( ak. Alary
t "terutil'el It lot. atd l pt arty wi it:- , rnel. L,
ite, wlhall imhldiatelr oleti 1t the grout l (C nvy, L. i t,
or poiti~1, of his principal. amll lmi ke ({astll, "l
hil st ,.etion kno tei g in the ot hefo r ty• a ul l rri., ,i
th. The \\orld ishaill bhe asi follows: le1it , arri. l. .
i "Are Vi.on realy " (iwhen eithelr party, iielon, ?
" it not prepaletd, ay replyt in the nega- ti' hllon, " I
tive t'lot if nto reply be given, an assent Dai vag. ti
et'"s1 1)
shall be prlrsumnd) "l'ire' u.e'. two. Dnfray'v Mr.
,t lhrbe! stop!" Neither purty shall e on- Dolus, J i
anIlece elt.vating his rile I o. r nere the word oster, '1i
ie is utt.ered, :ad eiither may shoot at i' tSvierJ.
of any Iint between "onei ' tand tstop. hiods. Jpi
bt it sh.l no be at• sl for etherfill, .Jli
1Shouh et r ar t ty shooi t out of the ' l h in Is, I
time as prescribed in this rlle, he shall" i
i t it, t u "i' "d"l,t he 11 r3(14 Fi l DAnExtr
be acci uted disgraced and disonored. oater, e L
shd 7th. It shalli e determined by lot, Fuller, yIer
which of the parties shall have the eword. Gaes . a
1t i th. The friend of the party winning Garland, t
?d the word shall, after both principals have tHefer, LT
e taken their ground, and before armingi Harris, VI
repeat it in a distinct nid audible voice, Harper, N1
cl in the manner in which he will give it. Harris. E I
re 1th. After the principals shall Lave H ortt,
n 9h. ft .' , . .'. , iyotat yo
taken their grouind a fSriend shall pre- Ha.go, )
sent , to each the rie to be used by hibn, HafItymer, Ra
cocked and siprunlg, which shall be oheld tharris, t
ee. in both hanks, with the muzzle to the Perasons
Gsground, and fthe stock at or near the letters wi
i shoulder. t ied.
n- 10th. Each principal niay assume anyd
standing positiion that. leie ma prefer ;
I but it shall not be admissable for either
party to change his pos ition a. r having Er e a
th e a ssen ited to th ie de nne , lil "w hether h ie be
[Ih s ready d" a il re scrihte d to lige l hde in - n Extr ,
hRule 5,.
eral 11. It is stipulated that neither partyI
tnshall be so cl d that his dress may dt en
I" vert the coiarse, or impede the effecto nrau
too ball; andi it is further" stipulatedl that 1
"ha either party will sumilit to alu exalnhita- a d
thin to eliemde by a erpnt. of his 1 pi Lts o
t nent, to ascertain whether the first step- faith by
S ulation of this rule is complied with, i that th
S the event of such demand being made. Let po
par- 12. Not more than four persons shall that y
rew e present as spectators, except the n i a d
te in tersigne and StreoA t o thepaS has
ties, two to be inviteook p e accofding theirb
er!a- principals or his seconds, if lie or they
t 1.think proper so to do, and the under- a su
signed fa rther agree, that should any bee igl
a person or personis oither tnan those in for pos
ron- chluded in this article, intrunde at the soverei
t tim lae and place of meeting, the under them,
se signed will unite in proventing such in
S trusion. Signed in Duplicate. dres.
eral I Natchitoches, Sept. 16, 18e39. hera i
inder LEWsIS G. D MRUSSEY. T rubi
IF. B. SHERBURNE. .lae.
[r. 1. .I .G . C A M P B E LL . b t e
wmiahii V. SOMPAYRAC. stll
S.BOSSIER.
e lu c- i '. A . M O R S E,r e l
m thethe ar
n ed i i The meeting took place according hrI
< thaSt to the agreement, at a point between
nil),Old and Cane rivers, now the "'Saran ter
•thil nah" in rear of the iphintation of the Is
ldy to late Emile onmpaypuc Esq. Thebyn
c as. parties t eog e atMended on the ground on o
t tiiib heir mutual Seconds and by Drs.pee
F. JPhnann, now lidh o g in bths cdc y,e e
p ,as the turgeon of Gen. Gaiennie, a Td
Dr. Dinglass in the same apacity fors
Gen. Bossier. It cannot now be as- po- eA
certained who were the "two mutual
39. friends of the parties by o, accordings
derou~s to the "mleuioranda" were to attend
ade o a their respective friends. Mr. T. Tau- j
iat oi sin, (also still alive) was one on the bp ol
-re 81 part of Gen. Bossier, the other name "
r Is, , wo one now Ielembess,bt a nd it is t
:eest thought that Messrs. John Cortez and o
Phanor Prudhdmme, both dereased, O A
SIEli. attended for General Gaiennie.
r, C oo n On the field both palties bore them- answ
pbed e selves with that coolness which was
beain p but natural with gentlemen of theirte
telye charaeter. Gen. Gaiennie won the Cm n
d , hor n word and Gen. Bossier choice of po
tF. h sitions. After bepig placed it their
mell, i respective places by their Seconds, A
pac-. General Bossier remarked in aBlow
len a tone to his friend, P. A. Morse Esq., h
,esoorn who handed him his cocked and te
meira spr!ng RifleA; "allow no one to ap- a
s, oes preach me if I miss, but yourself, and
acont gn load my ratle for another shot.r O,
onomin t the truth oh b hat utterance there can te
be no doubt, abd it but shows that
orevai both gent-emen were equally deter- hi
n at tha a mined that a life should be the only
in by orensatisfactrry atonement to either.
entlecif Gen. Gaiennid requested Mr. Camp
Shonr m bell, who had repeated the "word"
ohe snsn as be proposed to give it, to "repeat
ond re them again Sir;" which he did. At
ter a pause Mr. Campbell asked. s
pBratohe- ciGentlemen, are you ready a Both
a referred principles remained silent; when he
1, or inti- continued- "ire! nne! two! three!
ier was a stop!" At the word "Ode!" General
oes injus- Gaiennie delivered his Orie ineffecto
at gentle- ally, at "two!" Gen. Bossier fired,
:ontrary, a his ball proving fatal, entering the
c disposi- fleshy part of Gen. Gaiennies' arm,
eryp e neasaig tha thi ( gh his heath wh
ef the gen- earth and expired nt a moment, withe
aged in an out a groan.
or* second; The tragic termination to this at
e chief per-* fair produced wide spread and deep
-er we now sorrow every where. Both gentle
enwere popular, well known and
those days widely eonnected, and although Geu.
one, and by Bossier had no eause to condemn!
en the ira- himself, it is said, and no doubt/
nde of the truthfuldly, folr hie was a high toned[
potoned chivalrous, tender hearted man, that[
ifpossuible, he never ceased to regret the death]
ieto ameof Gen. Gaiennie at hie hands, and
neeeto nam- that his (Gen. Bossiel's) death, which
ade Rie. oeenrred not many years after, in the
Ity1' hotiliorlas tlipse 1 ,, ilI, ftor lt ie
was in Washingtonl at the time, was iYI
hastened Iby it. His sensitive u 1ture A Iric
could not stand the shock, of even
being colmpelled to take his fellow- REII
man's life in a fair tight. triges.
This is its a tl e'intI and itlltfl story & 13
of the
ISSIEtI AND ;AIENNIE DTI'EL $5C
LIST OF LETTERS
.I) MAINING in the Post Otli(e at
10 Natchitoches, for the week ending
April 27. 1878.
Ahhlongh, Fantie iHills, Ilarri, For a
Allen, John Jackson, Mrs \V
-lised, T S Josiin, L N
Ailsed, T J Jenken.s, JTam;es
Breadlove. E I' Judge, George o
Bell, John Kenhiricks, R S
lBrldy, M S Leighton, IR i whre
Bartou, T \V lara~s ', rI
iBordelin, M A Lio,. MI
liswet. Archile Lorets. M II.
Bullitt, B W NMal, John Go
lhumlher,. Stephen Marvelt, .,.loe
Banks. W .Milk,.:.
Illllinterl' . Sala Mianl't . ,oh n
Bi-ihop, EC tP 1,'. k . . T :
I .Isi t. Hard",' N,,li,,.s, .r. Mah ry
Itll y . W ili. NS r,' . Mrts 1)
hi:ir'tthey Chas II l'i: i; . " lth s N
;tarton,.1 \\' It .... "
l"invrnt " t' 'Iarin, l:,I, ..1 V
(It''oir el. I, ITi ;,. , .lhnI
C. t i,R i l lt.,h irn..\ T
(a.to-.h t, IlItI I l t,', '. M\i-. !'
Curry. A .1 loullert. Miss L 1.
Ii'awoil. loherit Thomtas. Mrs I'
D)il on, I I'richel, Mrs .1
tDillon, F I. 'one..o, Frank WA
DavageS  Stagg, Iauiel
Dfrayt, NiMrs W Stevens. Mrs I
Dobvns, 1 o wanl, Mit sM
,'o;ler, G T Snell, J N
SFodter, J L Sewell. Wit stes
Fields. Jam's Singleton, tT ion
I Flunkin, V I'T Turner, C GAN
Ford, D)aniel Williams, John B
Foster, .1 L Walker, Henry
Fuller, Mrs John Watson. Frank it
Gates, .loa Winn, R to ck
g Garland, John Wynn, Mrs A n
SHetnery, Ltucy Wilsoin, Mrs Emma alas
' Harris, Virginia Willis, Mrs Emily prce
e, Harper, Mrs M Wysanski, Harry f la
Harris.E R Ware, RI tie '
re Hyortt, Miss E W'allton, I, Ites
SHatgo, l)r H Waite, Ed P \\'A
Ilynmer, R Waters, P k
tld arris, Mrs F Wrinkle, Mrs Maryl 1a
e Persons calling for any of the above e
the letters will please say they are adver- pe
tistd.
liy MRS. M. A. IBLRKI"E,
:r ; P. M.
ter --Wol
be MEMORIAL DAY IN GEORGIA. Porn
in An Extract From a Letter of Jefferson thea
Davis. Eac
has
S l MAcos, April 26.-In a letter to Tal
f a the Memotial Association of Macon, Bt
that in response to an invitation to deliver veu
una- an address, Jefferson Davis says: the
ppo- Let not the survivors impugn their qui
stip- faith by otlering the penitential plea
I, ill that they believed they were right.
ll Let posterity learn by the monunmen
ithat you commemorate men who died
Sin a defensive war ; that they did not, I
pt as has been idly stated, submit to it
they the arbitrament of arms the question it
dr- at isse, uestions involving inviola-r
any ble rights, inherited and held in trust ei
e in for posterity, but they strove for State si
the sovereignty which their fathers left Bt
ider them, and which it was their duty,
if possible, to tiansmit to their chil
dren. Let this monument teach that
heroism derives its lustre from the
t justice of the cause in which it is dis
played, and let it mark the difference 6
between a war waged by the robber,
for purpose of conquest, and one to
repel invasionl ; to defend a people's
hearths and altars, and to maintail
rding their laws and liberties. Such was
ween the war in which our heroes fell, and
avan theirs is the crown which sparkles (
fthe with the gems of patriotism and
The iighiteousness, with a glory undimmted
hby any motive of aggrandizelment,
round or intent to inflict ruin on others. We
SDis. present them to posterity as examples
ci, to be followed, and wait securely for
t, tie verdict of mankind, when knowl- 1
, and edge shall have dispelled minstepre
t y for sentation and delusions. It is not
be as- unreasonable to hope tlhat mature re
nutual flection and a closer study of the p0
litical hIistory of thle union tmay yet
rdi restore the rights prostrated by thel
attend passions developed in oulr long and
.T ru- bloody war. If, however, it should
ot the be otherwise, "thlen from our heroes'
e graves shall come in mornflti tones
the answer fit, and if our children
I it i must obey, they must by, thinking
tez and on our day 'twill less debase theni to
ceased, submit."
The deepest water found in the Mis
Sthen- sissippi river, by the coast survey, is
ih w as a short distance below the Bonnet
oCarre crevasse, forty fathoms, or two
hundred and forty feet. It is no
on the doubt the deepest place in the river.
o f po- At New Otleans, there is less than
in their half so muhel.
JAMES HARVY WEAVER, son of H. W.
Weaver, was born in Natchitoches parish F
La., July 15th, 1953, and died near the
old homentead, of Typhoid Fever with
Congestion of the Lungs, on the 6th of
April, 1878.
The writer of this Obituary knew hin'
well, knew him when a boy, and after he r
had reached the years of manhood was
with him during his sickness and saw Pa
him breathe his lat.
In the long list of human diseases, la
there is none which presents a more pain
fal scene of anguish and distress; or
which excites more poignant feelings of
sympathy, than the one now under con
sideration. We have witnessed the ap- M
proach of death under a multitude of ap
palling forms; but in all the death bed
scenes it has been our sad misfortune to
witness, we have never had our feelings
so deeply afflicted, as when Icoking on
e poor Harvey Weaver, struggling under
the ruthless grasp of this terrible disease.
The verdict of a whole commumity has
1 awarded to him the praise that belongs
to the dutiful son, the tender husband,
the kind father, the upright citizen, the
perfect gentleman. In every relation of
e life domestic and social, private and pub
lie, what candor, what sincerity, what
lotty integrity, what uncompromising
[e morality, what an elevated standard of
me conduct, what purity of motive, charac
terized his action and intercourse, who
never held a truce with wrong, or barter.
ed duty for expediency.
For the pure example of a blameless
life; the splendid power of a spotless rep
P utation, the incalculably beneficial influ
e ence he exerted in the true direction, we
ddeplore his loss with a sincerity not the
less unselfish, because we mourn as those
D. who do not hope in this transient world
nn ever to look upon his like again; and
Swhile in the depth of their unavailing
bt woe, those who so dearly cherished him,
med can find true solace only in the consola
hat tion of religion, yet they cannot and
i should not be insensible to the reflection
all that however prematurely in years he
wd passed away from among ushe has nobly
Sfulflled a lifetime of usefulness and duty,
Sand won for himself a pare and imper
the isble renown. . T. E,
NEWPIANOS 1 1"tV"il " ' oIl
price X975 only $10i. Pa1' r t: . Il. I .
BEATTY, Washinigt1,. N..1.
RE)OLVER FREE "0, ,i1,.ut i ...
triges. Address, .I. 1lhr'M ti o,. 1,i
& 138 Wood 1St., Pittsh'ti., I'a.
$50 That sal'ford% iaidicllii
$50 Cre folr Cllh I'l ii lit
insttaItl' y rI*lie\ v :lil N"1 . 1!
li1' . %'11r . 1 lt" .
Filargo  ('t1...\ t . N .
For a Cawse MY \ '.
lilIattt', ..4 ,l1 l ; ,:\.
i1'1. S I nt. '-1 I ' I.liiiw:Ii
als am l It , 1,ii.
of Catarrhh l w i 1't ,\t i -
whre. WEEKS. & t " I.
toLrs HBostoln., \In..- . i
. Goulds Manufacturing Co.
Manufnt' r, of a!I
PUMP
For 'titr, ',, lI it:.'l
rou,. '.,
F FHydraulic R V E,
A3fo r Mtl ill'! 1."
an ,rl 'l'a ..
Corn-Shet!:cr;, Si;:,
Punt, :.l 1 :., '- r
ENFOR cOULDS PUMP
WAUREOUSE. 1 PAnK PL. CEt, \,LI \ .li (-i Ir
ORGANS: '~1 , I,,
Latest C &atalognls lid (it \\ 1 l 1 .\\
styles, rteduced prits mt1d II;u!'ch inol:iun -
tion, setl free. MASON \ i.1 IIIN O{
GAN C('( Boston, New York ('r ('hlw,1-".
to close out our presenit stocd' ot N1' ., .\',
a and econd-hand Instnllet llts of l iv ill i
class makels, fully :warrttti ti at
pr.icesthat dety cotlup tititi nl Iot' thii l ':L-'
of Instruments. Ag.nt, Vant, !,. V' -
ters' superior hell orgatls til 11llil-'.--
Illustrated CatahloglCes M;ii I( III 1i; '
WATERS & SON. Mlau'ictlrr iatt d
rvl Dealers, 40 East 14th St Ntw Ylrk. Aist
ove Geneal Agents for Stotnitnge'r, ('lcIrItlted
er- prenium Organs.
-1~ I;
SRAUD1-BE\RFARI"" i"
A'orthlessimitations ofi lisu Ii C'al" iii''
Porolt Plastcr in the llmarlk't. Sini' 4f
on them contain dtangerous llillerill lt'istl';.
Each genuine Benson's C lpcinit' 141:st'i
lhas the word Capeinue cut tihrtl li, it.
to Take no other.
eon, Benson's Capcine Porous Il'hastr \\': it:
iver vented overcomu to ihe slow lt Iilln (11
tR : the ordinary porous plaster.;illt I:I al,)td
heir quick relief from pain. Price. 2-,'.
plea - ----
ight .
died BEN I
not, Have you tried the Great Suttherit
t to Remedy, for the distressing comnlla:in.i.
stion it is the Best, Surest. and lmost Slr',lll
iola. Remedy ever discovered.(.i'resti when '" -
s erything else fails. TRlY 'I', an t,u in i
rust vinced of its efflacy. Prict r). 'i.
tate size. 25c. Address, EI)WAlIt) Alt.\\'i,
left Baltimore, Md.
duty, ---
-chit- GREEENBACKS
the - FOR BONI)I1OLDELII
is die
ence GRBEENBACKS
iber, FOR GOLD GIAMBLERS!
ile's OREEYBACOKS
ital FOR NATIONAL IlANKEIRS !
e Ikld GREEXBACKS
and FOR 'i'll: PEOPIE !
ment, GREENBA CKS
tuples FOR ALL I'IRPO~lES'
oowl- For which money is used iuterclhalh;re
re ble at, par with Gold and Silver, in a sut
snt ficient quantity as to promote ilhn)strt,
i invite immigration, alnd dt'lelolt thie ri
ere e- sources of the countr'y, is what the
SCINCINNATI ENQUIRER
ho uld Claims is the only renmedy , r the; ilk
reroes' bo t upon the coutry by Il, ,intion
Itned taws, enacted tor the I ii 'lit of a
itones Monied Class, and the oppremssioli f La
Iidrenbor and Inudustry.
inki Government Credit sustains our BoUns
teet to for the benefit of the wealthiy, letI, the
same Credit
le Mis SUSTAIN GREE'YBACKtS
Bone I For the benefit of the People who sistain
Bont the Governmenlt.
is o n DAILY ENQUIRER, per year. : $1'2 00
Srier i WEEKLY ENQUIRER " 1 15
han Free of postage.
Agents wanted,
Send for speliehnll cop'is.
FARANA EcLEAN, Publishlers,
Sar ish Feb 23-3mo Cincinnati, Ohio.
eer with TAX NOTICE.
STATE TAX COLI.ECTOR'S OFFIrc'F,
n ew hi n Natchitoches, March 2ithi, 178.
i after he HE public are hereby itotiled thIt
was am now prepared to collect State and
and saw Parish Taxes and Licenses oiw ditt.
The following discounts are allowedt hiy
diseases, law on taxes paid during
more pain- April 3 per cint on 'Tiax Bill
tress; or May 2 " "
reiitg of .June 1 " ANE.
d the ap- Mrch 30-tf State 'rax Collhctor.
SI. E.YM WN.. '
APOTHECARY & DRUGGIST.
-DEALER IN
CHEMICALS,
PERFUMERY,
ifFancy Articles &-'.,
FRONT STREET,
Natchitochels, La.
I' Perscriptions carefully plrepared
ro at all hours.
e TERMS MODERATE.
SFeb. 23.-1y.
id LOST.
:, SOMEWHERE on Front street in this
on Natchitoclhes, an old Leather Pocket
be Book, containing a considerable sum of
.IS monuey.
ty, The finder will be liberally rewarded
r- by leaving it at this office, or returning
it to Mr. Daniel Sparks. April 6-1 n.