M are,'... 1000 00 IN r 00 0 .
) 4 i ar e e.. - ]li o n I d D e 2 )0n ;l i )z 3 5 11 0
,,quarae.. 29,1, DDfo) (,, 411 01) 0,,, THE WELFARE OF THE PEOPLE IS THE SUPREME LAW.r o ts.
Advertl. ng RateS. of 11 u1n 1e70
enti -Irtien ti ei fits orsi ee. * IV . IC I:.-1.f
BUSINESS I RECTORY
A . dsi vl' (; roceries, Corner fl and
SSt. Dnuis Streets.
MAYEUR--Wood andi Blacksmith W'ork,
SChurch Street.
A IERTNI-The New Stand-Beer Gardens,
" Fine Wines, Liquorsand Cigars. St.T).nis.
A ALLUIN--Restaurant, St Denis Street.
LEX LEMEE-. Notary 'ubllic, St. Denis
• street.
.VRLY. TUCKER-General Cell'rting
Agent and Canvasser, St. I)enis street.
BRIIOKS-G"uns and Pistols sold, made and
" Repaired, St. Denis Street.
LLARD & CAMPBELL.--Merchandiseand
S Platation Supplies, Front street.
4 HAPLIN,CUNNINHAM& CHAPLIN--At
torrey5 at Law, Washington street.
.OLEMAN LEVY-Family Groceries and
(;enerol Merchaddie, Front street.
1'1ASPARI d DEITRIC--i)rY Good, Gro.
e erles and OGeneral [errhandlize. Solo
Agents for Screw Bottom Shoes, Front street.
EORGE GA RZIA--Family Groceries, under
SMasonic Lodge, 2d Street
,FONTENOT-Planters' liontel-Favorite
0 farmders" and strangers' resort. St. DeI) s.
j RHEN -toots add $hoe niade and repair
* ed, St Denis Street.
GEORGE W. KEARNEY...Recorder pnd No.
Utary Public, Court lHouse, td street.
ENRY GENIUS-Chal'ter Oak Stores and
11 Tinware. Front Street.
KAFFEE---Dry Goods and Groceries, Front
1* street.
i LITCHTENSTEIN- General assortment
' pry(toods and Groceries, Front street.
ARBRIS JAF FA&---Dry Goods and Groceries,
H Front street.
H PERY-- Surveyor, St. Denis street.
I SIMON-Dry Goods and Groceries, Wash
I Ington Street.
I JACBORS-Dry Goods and Groceries, below
. the Dirt bridge, .TJeflrson Street.
JOHN RUSCA-Dry Goolds and Groceries,
' b, loW the Dirt bridge, Jefferson Street.
INO.GENOlt & CO-Dry Goods and Groceries,
J Washington street.
JAS. GE'NIUS-Dry Goods and Groceries,cor.
. Aer Jetterson and Amulet Streets.
J W. SUDD.ITII-The Phoenix-Choice Li.
i* qibrs and Cigars, St. Denis Street.
tAS. 3M. B. TUCKEEi-Attorney at Law St.
U Denis Street. i
JAS. KING..-Watchmaker and Jeweler, St.
Denis street.
J DITNCKLEMAN-..Harness and Sadtllery,
J Washington street.
J. . TRICHEL-General Merehandize,Wasfr
lIngton street.
J DICASSE-General .\Assrtment of Mor.
Schandlize, Washington street.
J H. STEPIIENS -Tnmer Yrd. intersec tion
* Front, Lafayette and Washington streets.
1 .. McCOOK & BRO.-General Wholesale
l and Retail Dealer and sole Agent for Wag.
ens, Washington street.
J A. DUCOITRNAU-Fancy and Staple Dry
" Goods, Boots, Shoes, Hats and Clothing,
Frost st:seet
F 0AltTET,-The ttem Bar Room, choice
Wines, Liquors and Cigars, Front street.
L BYYAPHRILLIPS-Full stock Fancy an,
L Staple Dry Goods and Groceries.Front sA.
o DTPLEIX- -Land Agent, S' Denis street.
M ORSE & DItANGE.~.-Attorneys at LAw,
2d street, corner Trudan,
M H. CARVER-Drv Goods. Groceries and
a General Merchandize. Front street.
0 "L  FRATH-Boot azd Shoe Maker;
b: ARIAia IN-;loneral assortment of
'L;oodes o all kinds, Jefferson steet.
p VECLREMN - Undertaker, Washington
p, o .-Baker, Jefferson street.
) ITJEAN, LVDWO'rII & CO-Weod
A work and41ackmlthtiDag, Corner 3d and
Mbley Ste.
VBRTLAM .--aamily tad Plantatiota
r erie, Washington street.
RB. CALVES-.Dentist, Jefferson street.
R; ;. BURKE-Cheap Family and Westeril
SGrocery Dealer, Front street.
t). HUTTSON-Livery, Sale and Feed Stable,
8thi g Dealk Street.
8. Ni'L1tlR- Dry Goods and Qroderies, Jeff
Serson Street, below Dirt bridge.
SW'IBARG--Oeneral Merchandize. Plan.
* t-tatiW spt . amily Sapplies, Front Street.
T PONSS-Dry Goods and Grocories, Washl.
._. ing" n strqet,
Tit LACORTFDr aftigst and Apothecary,Front
T HA~A~nIS 'ck's Brinllant Stoves asil
TIwdr~; Washligton Street,
T. BARIT...1r' Goods and Groceles,Front
street. . ,, .
t TAUZIN-Blliard, Room and Bar, Front
tLgCH(JEA'-.}lhilesale an4 Retail MIser
, ·1snt-geieral assortment lor the trade
t .6street.
. d.4.. ie, bt I .ai, 4id street,
  T-Bootp . d ShoeMaker, St. Denia
I an'OWELL-hyrsclai and Sargeonm,
. Professional Cards.
4. unn,
an ara Surgeon
Meatgomery, La.
r . fJA oUJIw'LGl .a,
ATTDORNEY AT LAW
-Carondest Street, hI* OLuXs, LA.
S" ottead the u4nnend December terms
ate t rblol t tatta at his .old home
W32quv~S~aol.4
8aueoesor to JACK & Pmuaon)
-At , j 9 Counaelor at Law
rtasthe alrt1s of Noltehtoohe.,
Apl tu ,oy'httbtadedto:
M tie reilee hid Profaetion.)
the Parish wid Distrlet
e $latplamoois sand Red River
onLeia United8tates Dis.
Lo loi ana sad U. S.
' A the Lacoete BuIlng (Up
j;)~X ,· 1
MORSE & DRANGUET,
ATTOIRNEYS AND ('0 UNSELORS AT
LA JJ.
Office on Second Street,
NATCHITOCIIES, LA;
May 26 1577.
C. Chaplin: J. H. Cunningham. T. P. 1 haplin.
CHAPLIN, CUNNINGHAM & CHAPLIN
Attorneys and Counselors at Law.
St. Denis St., Natchitoches, La.
wT ILL practice in the courts ot Rap
r ides, Grant, Winn, Sabine. DeSoto,
Red River and Natchitoches, and the
Supreme Court of the State.
Claims promptly attended to in any
part of the Union. March 25-1y
JOH.r At ROBERTSOJ.,
(Late of New Orleans,)
ATTORNEY & COUNSELOR AT LAW
COUSTIATITA,
RED RIVER PARISIH, LOUISIANA.
Will practice in Coushatta, Natchito
ches, Mansfield, Many, and in every part
n' North-west Louisiana. Special atten
tion given to Land cascs and Successions.
June 9th, 1877-tf.
Dr. W. ". PoweJ 1
MEDICINE and SURGERY.
OFFICE on ST. DENIS STREET,
NATCHITOCIIES, LA.
Calls to the Country promptly at
tended to.
Refers to Drs. F. .Tolnnn. J. S. Stephens. C.
SIamlin and G. E. Gillespie. \iesars. Bullard
& Campbell, Carver & Taylor, Trichel & Airey
and Col. R. E. Burke
April 8.-ly
Business Cards.
C. A. BULLARD. N. H. CAMPBELL
Bullard & Campbell,
-DEALERS IN
DRY GOODS,
GROCERIES,
IARDWARE, 1
Alni General Merchandise. tl
Uorner FI[ONT & LAFAYETTE Street,
iautchitochce, La. 1
ItilGHEST cash price paid for cotton and T
i country produce in cash or merchandise.
Mart h 25-1y.
Petei' Veulemazn, c
-DEALER IN
FAMIL Y GROCERIES
A full assortment of W.u.r,-P.%rI:n con
Sstantly on hand.
SSecal inducements to CaSH Customers. (
WASHINGTON STREET,
Mrch -y. Natchitoches, La.
t. March 25--1y.
7. C, .'rlohel,
--DEALER IN
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, HARD- I
WARE, BOOTS and SHOES, HATS,
ETC.
lHighest cash price paid for Cotton and
Country Produce.
WASHINGTON, . .,
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
I. 30. $UI Tr E,
n --dealer in
- ao a IIazs
FROnT STREET, Natchitoches, La.
c. L. WALMSLEY. It. M, WALMSLEY
C.L. WALMSLEY & CO,
COTTON FACTORS
n. -AND
71 GENERAL COMMISSION MERCHANTS.
Perdido St., New Orleans, La.
at March 25--ly.
SOsoaxr COhopin!
ut COTTON FACTORI
--AND-
r COMMISSION MERCHANT,
e No. 65 CARONDELET ST.,
July I -ly New Orleans.
Ile . ,'. sEIan1se11l
- (JAMHS A. GRESHAM. Manager)
S30......CAMP STREET......30
NEW ORLEANS1 LA.
PRINTES, BOOKSELLERS
-AND
STATIONERS.'
And publishers of the
LOUISIANA ANNUAL REPORTS
VOLS. 28 & 29.
All kind of LAW, MEDICAL and SCHOOL
Books sent by mail.
n1 Address as above,
SLock box 847, New Orleans.
T. 8. FOSTERi JlT;
WITH
ORR & LINDSEVi
--MANUFACTURE5 AND JOBBERS
BOOTS and SHOES
ST. LOUIS, MO,
July 14-6m.
I. D. WORRAL4
let
SIMMONS' iARDWARE COi.,
-IMPORTERS OF
ST. LOUIS, MO,
thi t t' :
Caspari & Dietricli,
( tacrste Building) 01
1i
FRONT St., NATCHITOCIIIES, La. t
II
GRAND opening of a NEW MAMMOTUI
FALL AND WINTER STOCK, p
direct from the New Orleans and Eastr mar. b
kets, consisting in'part of ,
DRY GOODS,
CLOTHING, '
HATS, II
B1OOT1'S, t
SHOES, P
OROCERIES, II
CROCKERY, if
IIARD- pI
WARE, &c, &c.
LADIES AND GENTS' hi
FURNISHING GOODS.
in fact,
A full line fGOODS tor the country trade I
All of which they arc selling at less than NEW
ORLEANS PRICES
FOR CASH.
Call and e*amine the largest and most com
pletentock ever brought to this market and el
Ratisry yourselves as to their prices.
[y Highest price paid for Cotton and toun Ii
try produce, in cash or merchandise. 'I
March b5--Iy.
M. H. CARVER. n
FRONT STREET, I
Natchitoches, La.
For the FALL aind WIN t
H
TER Trade.
a
1NEW GOODS ! ti
d
New Goods I !
TiHE entire stock is better and more c
n1 elect than any every introduced into d
this market, and having been purchased
with CASH, can be sold lower than the
loweat. a
I The Motto of the Firm is to sell ti
CHEAPER THAN THE CHEAPFST. a
pt Call and examine our stock, which
P consists in part of
CASSIMERES, 0
JEANS, 0
TWEEDS, I
KERSEYS,
I PRIN i'5; a
BROWN & BLn~iC.HED COTTONS,
LOWLLS
LADIES' DRESS GOODS,
TRIMMINGS, e
BLANKETS,
Woolen Goods of all kinds.
I- Ioots,
jtHOES,
LADIES' and GENT'S. HII.\TS
d Clothing, a full and Complete Assort I
mlent.
Crockery, Hollow & Wil
low Ware.
A full line of FANCY and FAMIL I
GROCERIES, WINES, LIQUORS. &C.
Books, Stationery, &c., &c.
In fatct
- FRESH ant select stock of goois always
on hand, which iaving been pulchased on I
a cash basis enables us to offer extra induce. 1
ments to cash buyers. 1
Highest cash price paid for cotton andt other
prodtice, and liberal advances mnade in cash
jijerchail lis on ,onsignment
ocMarch ~5--iv.
Former Proprietress of No. 7
- Carondelet Street
NEw Oi,.'iS, LA.
TIAS removed to No. 4 Ifaronne Stteet;
I Corner Canal. Being very think- I
ful for ptst favors bestowed by her
country friends, and especially those of
Sthe Red River parishes, she now solicits
a continuance of their patronage, andl
having better facilities and the finest
located house in the City, she hopes by
proper care and attention to secure the
- patronage of her friends and the public.
The low rate of $1.50 per day is charg
ed for Board and Lodging.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
(Office tinder Vindicatoi Office,)
ST. DENIS STREET,
NATCIIITOCHIES, LA.
April 29.
O. Sha.ra-thb
. Boot and Shoe Makeir
OHALLENGES the world for neatness
and durability of work. Satisfacti'u
and material guaranteed
Shop sD St. Denis St.
jOSEPH C KEYSER,
Brickmaker and Layer.
IR PREPARED todo 11 work entrusted
Sto him quickly And In a worknriarilike
manner. Tomb, Chimneys, Cisterns and
other work solicited.
Orders left at BULLARD & CAMP
BELL'S will be promptly attended to.
Jan. 27, ly;
4'rHE GRAND RAFFLE
Sfor the Picture "NATCIITtiFg,i iili
take place on
r Batutrday, Novemxbeir l4ti itf f :
The ticket holdbrs mity slekt tlit thind
and placi.,
Oct. 13-4k:
OUR WASHINGTON LETTER;
W«AsulsNrT~s, ID. C. Oct. 27, 18977.
There is no session of either House
or .enate to day (Friday) and will be
none till Monday. The work of the
two Houses so far is easily told. The
House of representatives has absolute- *
ly done nothing beyond organizing,
i and that work is not in fact complet
ed, as the Committees, are not ap- t
Spointed, and the question ot admit
ing to seats various contesting mem- a
bers is not disposed of. In the Sen- f
ate bills for coining silver dollars, in 1
various proportions in weight to the
gold dollar; have been presented. 1
This subject promises to bb a very ,
prominent one in the di cussions of P
the regular session conic iencinug in
e)ccetmber. A Commnitte'---seveh f of
the Senate and eleven of the House
has been authoiized to examine the t
laws relative to the counting and de- 1
claration of Presidential toteA. Ap
- pointment9 to this Committee have a
not yet been made, being no doubt
held back by Messrs. Wheeler and c
Randall until the latttlr appoints the
regular House Committees.
All idea of adjourning before the
regular D)ecember session has been
,: aliandoned. 'Probably Speaker Ran
dull will announce his Commlnittees on
Monda3, and, that being "bill day"
in the Ilouse, the usual torrent of
m bills, resolutions, etc., will be receiv
ded and refelred.
The Senate is not acting oii the
in nomninaticns made by Mr. Hayes. t
The few con',rmation so far have
been in cases where no political ques
tion could possibly arise-such as,
usually; are unanimously made. This
unusual delay is significant of barter
between the Republican party and
Mr. Hayes. Beyond question the
stock politician-the machine politi- I
tici:an- is to take his old place in the
Republican party. Mr. Hayes ridan
have honestly desired to displace hinm,
and to appoint men to office because
they were fit for office, but hi is find
ding that Congressional pressutre is
too much for him. Three hundreds I
Republicans scattered throughout the
re country may be defied, but three hun
o dtied Representatives in session td
fe nMake laws and pass upon executlve
acts cannot be so lightly regarded.
Abandonment of reform may be said
to have culmimated in the professed
appointment of Simon Cameron as
minister to England. Grant would't
have done that.
They say the liveliest day's session
of Congress was at Baltimore the
other day at the race between Ten I
Brocck, a Kentucky horse, and two
others. The West and Southwest
put up their money on Ten Broeck, at
about three or four to one. They
lost. Congress came back on its spe
cial train, and except the Kentucky
mnembers, all have since been in their
seats. The Star says that out of
eleven Kentucky members interview
ed concerning that race there were
Ten Brocck.
The Army engineers who reported
a year ago that the Washington mon
timent toundation was unsafe have
now, after a re-examination, reported
'S it entirely safe. The .300,000 votedl
rt by Congress to complete the shaft
may now be used. There is nd lon
ger any excuse for delay.
J. After the Patent Office fire a com
mission of eminent gentlemen was ap
pointed to examine all buildinigs oc
enpied by.the Government, to ascer
Slain ttlhat was necessary to make
them fire proof. Thle commission has
just reported that only the new State
Dlepartment building is firo-prboff,
Extensivre and exper.sive changeb one
y reoommnended in all thie public build
on ings, and it is strennously urged that
ce. the frail and insecitre building hired
by the Government be given up as
her fiast as fire-liroof ones be completed.
ash AhBION.
Criught Out on Four Kings.
I [From the Nashville American.]
Sdittr gentlemen were tiaveling from
the Far West tai New York city for the c
purpose of buying goods. One of them
was a German. As the journey was long I
and tedious, they concluded -to while
away the hour at a game of enchre.
r Fritz, the German had been in the habit
f of playing draw poker, so every time he
was dealt a good poker hand he would
i remark:
t "Well, I plays poker mid you on dise
y hand."
e The other plrtled would say, "Oh, nev
er mind poker go on with the game we're
playing'
Pretty soon Fritz would get another po
ker hand, and out it would chme "I plays
poker mid you on dis hand."
"0, never mind poker; go on with the
game."
He talked so much about poker that
the party thought finally that they woitld
) give him enough of it. One of the gen
tlamen left the table,. got another deck of
cards similar to the one they were play
ing with, and "put them ili ' for the oc
casion. Fritz soon left the table for a
glass df water, and while absent the new
Sparkt wls Ahbstituted, and was beiung
dealt as he retuurned. On looking at his
hand Fritz found he had four kings. He
immediately said, "I plays poker mit yoh
on dls haiitl."
a One of the iitrty ho hid dealt himself
" four aces, looked at his hiild some time,
then he looked at the queen which !ead
been turned up, then at his hand and at
the queen. Finally he remarked:
"Well, now Fritz, since you seem ao
anxious'to play poker, tell you what I'll
do. If you will let me pick that queen
up I will give you a little hand at po
ker."
"All tight;" says Fritz, "all rght ; you
d take up the queen.
e The. queen was taken ipi and the bet
d tiii commenced. Fritz be off $50. John
N. raiised him $50: Fritz raised that $100.
John went $500 better, and so the bettiiig
went on tuntil poor Fritz had put up all
the moner lie had brought to buy goods
with. WIhen the mdney was all exhaus
ted an ' it came to a call, John showed
down his four aceis and his queen and
j took the. money.. Fritz didn't say a word
but ,Wunt on wiit the game of edchre.for
t;tt half an liobir. J'iially he looked
ii witýi a 1icjplexed lIuiitenaitne; ind re
d ainarke Intetrogatively, "John, I bethinks
all this while what de queen lldve to do
pith at bhand;"
FROM EVERYWHERE: .1
teal
General.
Ten liroeck was beaten by Parole liti the
the Paulico course at Baltimore. Slow itiy
tiue.
Two of the Pittsb,'rg rioters have been a r
sentenced to the penitentiary. nin
The City election of Baltimore resulted il
in a heavy and sweeping democratic vie- ir
tory. Their majority was over 17,000. t
Edlin Adamis, the acthr: is dead. iHis de,
sutierings have been long. and the pro- har
fession sustains in his demise a severe enl
loss. all
Jolin 3idrrisscy, ex-prize fighter, has
been nominated by the anti-'Tammunv sti
democrats and Republicans for the State Kh
Senate. set
Senator Morton died at his residence in to
Indiana on the 31st Octoblr, after a lin. anIi
, ier!ng illness. This leaves a vacancy in
thlie Senate of tho United States, which
will he filled by a democrat.
The trial of ex-State Treasurer Carido
za began at Colunbia, S. C., on the Ist
instant. his conviction is supposed i he rin
certain tin
A Oakey Hlall who misteriously disap- ilfa
'Ipe'd f'rolll New York last sunIllner, has oii
as iwhlculy and mysteriously returned. thn
I'residlent Hayes and hiis Cabinet cir
cused to the Virginia fair. (ushinig
speeches and the usual slobber was the
Sresult.
W. M. Moore, United States detluitvy mi
collector of the 3rd district of Georgia, ed
was arrested charged as a defaulter to gui
the amount of 41,01)0. Moore goes to Sa- (a1
vailinah to-night and will give bonds for eel
his apiearance. cal
Owen Wright, coldred; who brutally na
outraged a white lady a month ago ieanir
Crawford, Alaji:uiila, was taken fromn the
jail at ZeAtte, Alabama, ,by the people who da
carried hint to the woods and it is said enl
burlied hlii. His victim fully identified str
A coAclh left Ijealdwood Tuesday con- of
ing smiouth and way etoplped anld robbed
s within three mniles of the post by two :At
meed mien. Seven passengers were in the rep
- coach, amolig WJom United States MAir- fro
J shal Sweezy. The robbers took bi'ry- ev
thing of value. Lieut. Chase with a de- nit
tachiment of the 3d infantry started this gu
morning in pursuit of the thieves. After Th
a five mile chase the robbers were captu- pec
'led. One was identified as Webster, the da
Smurde er of Deputy sherill F. Cuney. ho
Genl's. Sherman, Townsend, Meigs Mc- of
Feely and others were before,the appro
priations comnuittee of the House advi- ft.
sing against thle reduction of the army,-- nil
It is now in order for the tax-payers to be po
heard. TII
The peolile 6f Fernandina, Fla, where ke
the yellow fever raged latel", are in a li
starving condition. Applals for help
from the Mayor is made to all charitable at
t cities.
az
Death of Gen. Forrest, ed
Mtempl is, Oct 30 -A large meeting of pa
ex-Confederate soldiers was held to-nigrht
SI to take action in regard to the death of al,
f Gen. Forrest. Gen. G,. J. Pillow preSi
4ed: ne
ro
e Meuphis, Tenn , Oct. 29.-General Bed- at
ford Forrest, the great Confe 'erate car- eh
Sairy ollicer, died at 7:30 this evening at su
the residence of his lrother; Col. Jessie n
I Forrest" P1
i Washington, D; C.
Li Washington, Oct. 30--A meeting, was ro
t held to-nigLt at the room of Col Casey co
-Young fully attended by Southern mem fal
bers of congress and many Confederate m;
officers and soldiers here. The nleetiing ng
was a demonstration of regret for the a
death of Gen. Forrest. Chambers, men - re
bor ot congresd frtn the liurth district of
Mississippi, second in commnaund Utnder
C Gen. Forrest during the war, presided;
* Gen. Debrell, of Tennessee; secretary. A lol
e conmdittee was appoilnte(d to draft suita- i
f, ble resolutions tO Ue reported at a subse
e quenut meeting. di
SThe chief of police of Elizabeth, N. J.,
It itrested at Morristou, L. Cus Copert,
d alias Carpenter, editor and proprietor of
s the Columbia, South Carolina, Columbi P
i. an Union, on an inudictuient for forgery in t
raising two notes troml $610 to $16i0; also t
for defaunlt of $3000 in his settlemient te
with the United States government which '
umn he drew on his salary but did not a
pay htl bills. He ran away frm Coluni- c
bia to Cdnnecticut, then to New York 11
m and afterwards stayed two ·Eeks in this '
io city. Col. Johnson. of the South Caroli- in
in Ina legislature, came with a reqiuisition al
ig from Hampton for Copert's arrest. He is
le now in jail and will be taken away at
- Once: 10
ic Blane; of Maine, is not well. His sr
Id daughter was accidelltally wounded in
the face from careless handling of a pis- i
is tol. o
The ease of Senator Patterson, who was o0
e' claimed on a requisition of the governor s
re of South Carolinai and who sued out i
a writ of habeas corpld hlas been further
O postponed by agreemenlt df the attorney N
y general of South Carolina, who is unable
to be here to-morrow on acconnt of otli
le cial business. The case will not again
be heatd until aomie time after tile 10th of
t November, tIle exact time to be ag eed on
Id hereafter, with the express understand f
uing uand agreement that no other requisi- w
of tion will be made or new charge pIrepar- eu
Y ed dlurinig the pendanrce of the lproceed- p
c- ings before Judge Huumphreys. st
a ti
w The committee on priivilege aido elec- l
ig tions of the senate ime lt but adjourned, the
is matter not having been printed. tl
j So Mr. Spoflord and Eustis tre still on
the ragged edge.
!lf House-The call of the States for lbills
e, for reference occupiel tile house for five
Ia iiaf, Land tie coluseqidence was thi Itn
t troduation of the hirgtst number of bills
ever pitcsented iii one day ii the history fi
of conress. 'lhey reached 854, They fi
n amight e classiied into soiiit litif dozen b
prominent suhjects, as tile repeal of the t
Sresumption act, the remonitization of sil
ver, the repel of the bankruptcy law,
o abolition oftaxes on the sale of tobacco
tby producers, the extension of pension 1
laws to the South, the repeal of the test I
Soath, and appropriations for work of in- I
ternal inmprovemnlts; among the latter
will be bills appropriatin" $3,000000 for a
Sthe Mississippi evee, andfone million for f
the Missouri river. The committees an
8 nounced were Wood, of New York, as
e chairmahi on ways and means; and Atkins
nd of Tennessee, chairman oli appropria
rd tions.
for .
d A.espiolutioin was offeirei and agireed to,
re- i the .enafe; to appoint a select com
iks mittoe for,the ptrpose of ascertainilng the
do result of the iettion of President and
Vice President,
tedl Mlinste.r to lEnglaiud.
Thei Ilouise is discuissing lthe repellal
' the reslllllptitll act, in an act to rellon
itize silve:r.
Goode. of' Virginllia, askd lea':ve to oter ilg
Sa rI'esolutioni decl'larini that "iii lthe ,jiilr n e
tllllit of the lihouse the t'ionl ff tlh. 'i'es- ii.
1 ilent in withdrawing the tlderal troops d0:
frot'ntllt States f Soiºth ('iirolina andI (i
Louisiana was wise ,jsllt tilicll onstiti- ll 1
tional ; that it has coiitribited in a lairge'
is degree to tlhe re.storation of pic' Iýe a n
. lharnnony throglihoti the iioi try and is
3e entitled to receive the ediailiil suppolltrt of t'
all tmen who realize that while lihere is I i
Norith ailti a onllh iiaill lan East and it
is West, ther1 is hut oie eo tli t i lV, 11 ' ('Oi - tih
stituition and on, 'lestiny"" Phillips, of aft
lKanisas,!o, lobjecte'cd. tiutler, iof Massiachn- ai
settA, suggestcied tlhat it should lhe rt'tii'rrd, Ah
n to the colirnlitt(e on education anld labor iny
. and the matter trolpped. iy
EUROPE. r
War Nel A, bri
S Slpei:t ditl patc from i lirgli, nalt , Sir
miles south of Plhviia to the Tiies, has 1"'
the lillowihig: "The zir airriived heire le
on the 27thl Oltoblter. (Ira'i Dll ke Nsich ia
- las. has his liihe:ulhluarte'rs helire. enirial ii
iS TIodllheii is at Tukenitzo with his stal: i"
the prlllilnce of lhoiitilnia's healldql'artes hei
S liirte at t'oertdin. 'The ttal k oiniil'i ''.hli oh,
,si iniltllne ly with the cpte l olif' il)n
hiru(k on the 24th iilthino, was reilitseil l t
Swith i a lotss of 111ii men; loss at IlttJhiik
was 3111001 iIen. Every brigaie iand rii
fii mental coiilinandelewas killed or woundi to
a, ( andil as neatly all the fllhiers of' tie c
o ' 'guards hi!re peronalll known al t ihead- ch:
l. luat'ters, the facit that t\\o hulindrd illi
r cel'shas 1i phieel lceld hios tin ciiliihat, hias i
cast a gloom ot-eri thie Iiinibi'brs of the l it
staff at Itiorget, Tlhe in'estintit ofi Plev- ets
na continues in a desiiltory way '' of
e A sipecial dispatch lfii oli Shnila tol the wli
i daily Telegraph slays Silestreat is lhrelt- I l
ii eneld with ilnet'stll ent buint is exceedinglyl 'L'
1 stroing in its dletefises and ftlly ariiiimtl- ti
The g:lrrisonil is in adilniralile condition Ihi
alh c nihl b l cmm Ib sliiman Pasha, tile tt ii
f of the iilllest genclrals. Ill
- Londoni, Nov. 1.-The Tel,'grailllh cur- ha
el reisponldent, an eye witiness telegraphs ili
r- from EzerourI: "As tihle 'ITirks T wire pa
- evacuaiting lossoin K;alehh oil Tl'uesday bi
e- night; tihe Russians suirprised thlir reai' r
is guard taking two battalions lrisonilersi - le
or The enemy's aiproach was utterl, nlllx- il
at- peted. 'T'he Turks now occipy a titril' i- (C
ic tdable positioni at l)ei'enboynll DL lev
hboyvin is the last defensive position cast
of Ezerouni." t
London, Nov. 1, 1 p. m.-i-t ilpliears wi
- ftomn a Bucharest tele;gram datedt last . i
- iiiht that an etlirt is being made to gain iiil
Q )otsessioni of the 1'lev ua and lllhra toad. ke
Thlie Rolilnianiii foirces which lias been wl
rstationed bltween the rivelrs Vid and Is- lie
a kea yster'lay atlde a recoiinnoisaiince lo
lalong the Daniillbe in the directioln of Rah- no
ell at Vaderi. Roumallan reports say ne
iafter a brief callilionitlde the 'l'irkish lallig
azinie explloded and the giarrisonl retreat
ed in the direction of Rahara. TwIo col- tl
panics of Houmanians occupy the tedoeblt. tl
it A special from Vienna to the Times la
if Stays uneasinessi' is felt in Constantinople li
i- abotit GrCazi. Osman Pasha's army is by no ie.
means groulndd. It is true there are the en
roads in the direction of Widden and Ur
- ataza which do tiot appealr to haveo been gr
- closed bllt thise are of little avail for tli
it supplies and are very poor substitutes for til
ie a Servlian raid in ciase of retreat from to
Plevna. While there Were only dltalch st
ments of Russian cavalry rangilig west of is
the Vid and all impornnlt points on the ,
as road were held byh the 'l'uri'k, ttie retreat 'l
3' conuldl have been eliected with tolerable
ii facility, but now thalit the Muscovite ar
te my niay be said to lie in the real' of Plev- yi
ig t and on the most direct lille of retreat, il
he a rit.reating oveiilint iby the other pr
- routces beconlies ralthcr ai doubtliful littter.
ii French Polities. L
i Paris, Oct. 29.--Results of second lil iii
A lots yestertd!iy so far kniowl; show that ?
- niine governlnilitt caidlilltes and two ri-' ii
b- publicans were electid in tlhrele arilu 1
disenclents, repulblican candllidates clalim- 'n
il' they were elected on tlle 141h inst., gi
di ci not sitonld, intenlliling to submlliit tllheir e
t claimt the chabliiher of deplllties. Re- i
i pulhlicalls however, did not atta;ch iiimcli
i ilmportance to tlhese suppllemental dcc- -
so tions because excltlidhig tile three iIlncoii
it tetd arlonlditsemtnents illitove iniltiond. te
STell secollnd ballots were rendcred ,neit s
ot sary simply onl acconllt of divisions of Ili tI'
conservative -tite between llthe opposing l
lk loyalists and hlioli'rtists canlidilat's, t
Sone ot' wholm has nliOw witlhdrtlr.il, I.ellhr- -ti
ii- ing the result ccrtaiii. Coniinpte the Espii- i
Salls, Ion;lipartints, l d teated iln Gniiniii; lie
was a lioderate republicait Iticbi'erli of the .
at last chitlbet fdr Chliatteali Chilnllli, di- l
partment of Nievrec, wliose caudidillitlre il
Gamlbettia wcut to Uhatteau Chinuion to i,
is eupport. ui
in Pa'l, Oct. 29.--Thle Siolehl agalin to-day ot
Sinsists that either Presiilent M'c.lliliin
or the uiiiistry im.st resign. Th'e'hre is no
as other way oiiut of the crisis, tilhe Soleil :
or says, alild it lituiral.y lpli'Cfcrs tlhat the al
t mlinistry shoulld resign. u
or The edilervative ipaper L'Assemlte i'
ly Natiinale dechires it cai cintirni the
Sstaitemient ot Pays Ihlit the resignation of
lminister.s has1;1 a lready bleen itlteinl'lld on i
in principle. ii
on London t, Oct. ,.-L:ter intelligence ~i
d from Pairis shwll liftetn secdnld hallots l
wi- wirc heid lys.tcrday, rcsillting inll tI, - tl
ir- ect itll df eleven conservative andi fir iir- oi
d- publicans. 10 this the cnh&Talt'r will a
stanld 320 repubilicans and 2l10 conirserv:a- a
tives. [Note- thin rtslt of ,-etlurlly's C
IC ballothlig i ri'plirted in thilii tlislhltclh ho
he not admit the claimn of thlree rt'pnhlican: s
that tley wc're electedl on the Itllh int.,.
as aicitioned iln a previouv s tdispatch.] .
Notice From the South.
[Columbus (Miss) Independeht.] er
A solid South is an aecomplished to
fact. From Delaware ti, IKansas,
from the Ohio to. the Gulf, there is
but one party. The people of an en
tirb section are grappled by stronger 'p
thli~ htiok of steel. The recollections a
of a treacherous peace and the op- ti
pressions of tel years of submission to
have worked what four years of naq-r b
ly warfaue con!d not aecomplis~i. It ni
ill becomes Northern Democrats to st
sneer at the aspirations of the South aL
for preferment. Unaided by the of
South, they would be contemptible
vassals, at the mercy of their Repub
lican lordings. Let no one deceive
nitbiiselt ttat there is no work for him
to do. The negroes are solidly atr
rayyed against, uti.Ad only await n
leaidership. Theirindtrsn tioii are ,to d
estpport any moveinetit to defeat the t'
r.gular Democrati: uemiuations.
..........-- -- -- - --- - " - - - 2-..
STATE NEWS.
Creamn of the Country P'1 ess.
A call has ieet p ubhlished ilvitinu all
whol are in fat:r 1of ru1gai/lilng a sport
ing cl(1, to meet at .lulius Lviin's o:
'ext Saturday. The call is sig-cd by L.
B. lilvnard, .. . l'resco tll. John l:ad.
i, dx, .l:tlmis S. Fish. J. A. lliigPhld and
Slien. l:. 1Fr ent1h.--alfiples Gazeltc.
'heIo hgon rain of yesterday will seri
t ousiv iniure the ('cttonl crop. Hloweve.:
wI hope theI plautl, will rea:li' einotgdi
to eu:thhle th toi l keep out of the handil
tof the sheriff.
A Am- l'iI.timct.u1). -Last W\edns-dal
_ the appellate court, hel tit Tylehr, 'Te'xas.
al'ter a pIthint leaihg 'f the txtiimony
Saund argumentl of thei State of 'Tcxas vs.
1 Abe. Rothschild, charred with murder.
ring" his mistress, lleh, Moi-re, at .le
flusinl lIast .Jintuay, renderled anil opinion
atirthlli.,l the decisiion of Jitlige 'Estcs
rerilsiu the prisoiner halil.
We were y-eterday shlui- several
brooms Lmaiiul acttrlled at the ftctcry of
SMr. \' l. I l'r;ither, living ahuove Shuc-e
Sptrt in iHossier parish, which, for excel-,
'lenit wolttknuti;,siji and dur:lhility, are
filr sllperior to any.hniorted from abroald,
Il(se of these tine brIns , festooned with
g,,hl fringe anti lahorate wire-work, can
hIe seen ait Ithe ilier of WV. 1). VWylie &
(o.. tuld is well worth looking at. Mr.
P. is sellilng his first-class ,roollmus at the
low ltrice of $1 75 per dozen, whi'h it
Ias cheap itf nut c'he;,' than tihey can Ihe
boughlt it St. Louis. and we are pleased
to lean hli is meetiig with lihlutl in
I'olluraii'eli'nllt at the lhandis of olur mer
chanits.-Slhreveport Tiines.
There are twenty-onie prisoners in the
jail ifi A-ceuInsin perish, and the Jailor
c iinforms s that. the'y are' without blank
- ets to pr'otet themuselves fromll the rigor
of t!e IItIntryi nights Inow ieir alt lhiad,
while the creditl. of the illarish .i at su.ch
a low eihh, owinig ti i the failure oif the
u althuritii s to litovide thr iece'sary col
tinlgenlt expenses, that nolle iof' the liter
uichants will flirnisht the blanhikets ani
Slrust Ito tile tender and tardty ler iels of
the Police Jury for playentt sometlime in
ithe dim, luncertain fat'ire. The Jurv
r- has adjourned until January. but hii.
SInality di matdls that the iiniates of thi
i parish Jail shoutld it h provilled with
illitkets, a:uil it sholid lie dolle at once
r evlen it a special Ilct, ig of the .parochli al
legislators le necessary to the attain
mlietit of thuis ohjecL-Donaldsonvillo
- Chief.
Corn is worth 75 l entts per bushel ini
trade. and alciliost nothing for cash. Corn
will certainily be worth mr, after at
's while, aind IIless you are acltuilly com
it felled to sell it now, int the waiy of pay.
h ilig debts, etc., we wroild advise you to
1. keep it in your crib unltil next Snuttier,
it when it will tbring you at least $1.00
- per Ilarrel. latlher thain sell it at such
e low figures, feed it to your ihogs and
- make mtiore tiet for .your smulske-holtic
y next year.- Franiklin Suti.
It is uiseless to disguise e te ft that
the outlook filor a good yield of Sugar;
this season, is anything but pleasalnt.
The Sugar cane is too green to grantu
h late sat isfactory, whilst the rains falling
le will continue that g.reenless alnd pre.
o vent the st'ectenlng of the standing
r- Planters are in a qiuiudary. If they
Sgrind niow they will make hut little: if
r they lpostpone tilnl a haird freeze colles,
ir they will lose their caine, which wig
Stoo badly twisted by the equinoctial
storni for sccessfcil winrowing. As it
ist the proplhpedt is decidedly hlooity, and
e -ill ne can ldo is to ,hope for thli better.
it Thibodeaux Scntiincl.
The fexpieripitnt. a-ed results of the
v_ yield of the cane during last week were
tmuch more satisfactory than those of the
tr preceding week.
tr A stat' l iiin ,i lc l uinther, iwiig tl'
the hOor 'yichl of his canes Mr. 'T..J.
Daniltsl, of' the ]elle Grl'l\c Plhttailtio;
Shlas hid ilt 'tip gritnding for a ttite.
t it h .the Cexcipmltin Of tltree or four
- hogsheliils of snlrir, lie coulil lauike
t uithing hiit s,1yru1c itlil litelasses, the
- elhle hlice, which weigted only five cle
S rtl'c ,~. rcf'tic'illg Ito till ninto 0 Lsugar. After"
ir exttiguishiig lhe tinr in his mill, Mir'
. Datilii had tilhe rest of tlhe ailies left tliln.
Iti er Ils caie-lShed htaiLteCl. - T''errobonLe
' iMost of dir merchants comll.ain bit
i. terly of the oDp'nitg of bllsihiess, and us;
scl't. is we bliheve trullthfully, that at lni
"' tlhe this -ear have lirosplc'tsl liecll real;
i ly nmI re nliirinisliug. Otr reeleienice,
, tea he.s its toe st:ite, that we finch collecc
r- I tions land work scarI'Cer in oUt line thazi
" in July nlld Augllulst..
, J. H Haridesty, ai good main, amid 'i
Swell-hlou'ut steward oil the river died on
bo- Iord tle; stcatlir N,tcliez, on the 21st
re ilst. l, iuas iwell ald t avorably kllowl
to Ihere, as the steward of the it. L. Hodge,
unel'r old John I tionn.-Al- xandriai Demi
ocr:at.
ill The Wiindeay law was tnattimously
"i adloplteld, all thi el nbersbe e ing ]pl'setitl
il exelit MIr. tilldry. It ltroviles ,thinat
i all places of businaes. wt hilit the philli
be closed oel Sildchavs; extept drugstores;
ii, Initkctt, imit I places wh ie'e b'read i.s tiadel
tile a, slel; that anly ,ctid ever"y ipcrsotc
vf iol1ting said law shall be inted for
eacoh iancl every lsuchl violation ini a slit
not lies than $~1U noUr millore thilan $250
or itprisonec for not less tihiii ciie utiontl
cl ior luorec u t htan t he Iltlntlis, oi both. ati,
is the iliscreticli of tihe courit, oto hailfof
il- the line to gci to tie l iifoirtuer aniid the
- other half tog '' to tlte lpalri.ilh i~tlasuy
ill atid tlhat said'law shall .lrite etl-ct fronl
- atid after SaUlielmy, Notin;e, 4, 1877.
e's Opelousas Couricer.
dl iontday uliglt ilast the quiet of olir
t little village was interrlupted by the ap
pe'a.ituce of a coule of yi niig peolple
whitl werec excecedillgly aixillesus to test
the lyctcr'ial realities of life. It was a
"rutu-;nwary tiitct."' Mr. Wagulur aund
Mis Wheaat by uluime. The bridet's fatli"
er lives soltie eight or te tnilehs t'rotiI
ed town. Site ct'epct oiit "of lir ftl.hcel's
hiolue tlhirocig aL wiltndow and fled to i
' vehiehe thi:'t w'as in waiting with hict
Sallalnced: The flight was hurriedly
n allde. T,'1t bride dlid inot have time tLt
tI 'put oni hei shloes,' but camta ofl'Farefooted
1 anUd trhustilg. The 'eveultful ktit' wa,
ii" tied befi'te day, by fit *tgistratse; altid tile
on iewly mnairried pair seceiiredl rooms in ai
t: boatrditg house, wlicie they remained
It until 'l'Tuescday ieVeliig, aitnt thiem Ift, h;
to stage, eti roitit fhi' Tere's. May theli re
Itl ality colnte up to the oune lilltdictretlth pir
Sof the ttiaincee.--'ieinnai Senithliel;
ble Last Tueslay a little colored gir'i;
i- 'lwhos.e p~iren:t.r live in this town, wad
phe layinig with ia younit e' brother andt
rwas accidenutally iput~ihed into the lin
i Illn a few mitutes her wlile person wiia
er- enveloped into a sheet o ft Anie ind shes
'nit was imrned beyond recovery, having
to died the followig Weelnesday At the
this time of the accident the pareuts wetre ili
(Conti'lncd on ,fortlfh Page.)