OFFICIAL
Paper ofthe Parish and City ofNatchitoches
JAS. H. COSGROVE, .. Editor.
SATURDAY, - - - JUNE 15, 178.
The Tramp of the Army.
We are told, and by such authority
as to render it fully creditable, that
certain Districts in the South. are to
be selected for the tramp of the sol
dier the coming campaign. Among
these are named two in Louisiana.
We are fully prepared to believe
that the Republicans of the North
intend to use the army as indicated,
and we warn the Democratic House
to stand by their clause in the appro
priation bill, for if they do not, blood
shed will result.
This may be startling to the timid,
but it's true, nevertheless. We, of
the South, are free Americans or we
are nothing, and we intend to assert
that freedom from this time forward.
In 1874, Grant's Cavalry raided down
,this section and arrested innocent
citizens by the score, in order to in
timidate and drive them from the
polls. Let that raid be repeated;
let Hayes dare send his cavalry or his
infantry on a mission of such charac
ter to this valley, and his military
column will go out faster than they
came in.
This "tramp of the army" will
have adouble meaning next time, and
the Americans of Louisiana will make
the march interesting, and warmly
hospital, to such dragoons as may
tramp through this way.
If the Democrats of the House de
sire to avert a collision between the
citizens of the South and the soldiers
of the army, they had best stand by
that clause forbidding their use as
police.
Judge J. B. Elam.
This gentleman writes us, that him
self and Mr. Ellis voted all the time
for the investigation of the frauds
perpetrated in the Presidential can
vass of 1876, and against Carter Har
rison's amendment declaring, in ad
vance, that Hayes' title was not to be
disturbed. Judge Elam is particu
larly and justly severe on the "poli
cy" about which so many Southern
men rant-the "Southern Policy"-
which puts in office in Louisiana, Geo.
L. Smith, Tom Anderson and Mat.
Wells. Judge Elam insists on a
vigorous canvass for this State, and
says, that is the policy of the Nation
al party. No more half-way meas
ares, but bold aggression all the time.
Judge Elam's advocacy of a Consti
tutional Convention in this State is
vigorous and manly.
Constitutional Convention.
The Onachita people are having a
contest over the delegates to their
pari4h Convention, which assembles
in Trenton to-day. The war is be
tween the Constitutional and anti
Constitutional Convention men. The
former have thus far utterly defeated
the latter.
The Democratic politician in this
State who would longer contend
against a Constitutional Convention
must be extremely anxious for politi
cal death.
The Testimony.
So far, the testimony elicited shows
that the plot to steal the vote of Lou
isiana for Hayes, and by which it was
stoleo, was of the low and vulgar
sort and were it not necessary, we
would sicken at a further recital of
details.
John Sherman, Stanley Matthews
and Senator 'erry, the acting Vice
President, are all in the toils now,
hlhile the net which will envelope
Hayes I~pms up as Mr. Potter's Com
mittee advances. *
Leviese swears that his name was
forged to the electoral retorn from
this State no less than nine times,
and it is proven, at least morally, that
Perry opened the returns before the
two Rouses met as required by law.
Let it all come, for it is by such
means alone that American politics
can be puri8fied.
Potter seems to have made some
very heavy points on the stalwarts,
and we don't find as many Democrats
as there was at one time, ready to
"eacst a resolve" not to disturb
"Hayes' title."
Roblnson, John B., is the head cen
ter of the New Orleans Socialistic
Labr Party. If that's the J. B. R.,
waebs knew, and who whooped up
p the law for a few months at Coushatta,
and whose card stands to-day in the
Vrxlat1oan, with the amount of bill
dae and unpaid, he is the most
soialidead beat it has ever been our
*15 !lfortune to meet. Wilt some
of N New Orleans contemporariesi
pleahs give socialistic Labotr Jam
Beabobinson a dun by way of an in
sertlMi of this favor, and oblige, yours,.
saytal of our contemporaries have
hohlllit their ltasheadc s the names
of Her. J. C. Moneore for State Trea
surer, sa Bon. J. B. El r Coo
gremm, from this, 4th Distriet. We
are prepared to do the ease for these
ge.tlemen, sad "for any other man,"
whN $5 for tach and evesy mdl
ates ft.r sts, Ossresslornal or 14
,I, Sies is "olan dowa. '
Scope of the Investiation.
Some men talk of the Hlayes' fraud
as if it was a matter of every day
occurrence and of very little moment.
They mistake the temper of the peo
ple as much as they under-rate the
question.
Succinctly stated the issue involv
ed by the raising of the Potter Com
mittee is to determine and fix the
responsibility upon the traitors who
t subverted the rights of the people of
the Union, in the person of their elect
ed President, Mr. Tilden. The enor
mity of such a crime cannot he
measured by words, and that it de
serves, should, and will, receive con
dign punisent,' all honorable men
must admit.
The D)emocratic party has assum
ed the task of vindicating the rights
of the people. That it should do so,
is but right and proper, for it is the
party that has ever been zealous of
their liberties; that has continually
done battle for them. The Commit
tee delegated to gather evidence has
already begun its work ; that work
should receive the substantial aid and
patriotic encouragement of every hon
orable citizen in the South.
The limit of the investigation, we
contend, should he unbounded, and
the result should and shall bear with
it a complete vindication of the rights
of the people of the United States.
How is this to be successfully ac
complished ?
We answer, and will contend, that
should it be found, as it surely will,
that Hayes was directly connected
with the conspiracy to dethrone lib
erty and install fraud in 1876; that he
instigated, aided and abetted in the
subversion of the trne result of the
election in the States of Louisiana and
Florida, there is but one thing which
can be done.
It is childish to suppose that the
honorable American, imbued with a
respect for, and love of their institions,
will tamely submit, after what is notw
known and admitted is judicially prov
en-that Hayes is an usurper-to al
low him to enjoy the fruits of that
fraud.
If such is the intent and purpose of
this investigation, it were better to
have let the matter rest. We cannot
think, however, that such is the pur
pose; but hold that the principle for
which we and all right thinking lion
'orable men contend will not be suc
cessfully maintained unless Mr. Tilden
is inaugurated.
A'is position we assume, will be
assailed by such as are personally in
terested, but it must be understood
that this is not a personal question
but one involving great principle.
Mr. Tilden may or may not be to our
liking, hie wa2s elected nevertheless,
and such being the case, which this
Committee will prove beyond cavird
or dispute, his right to the office
should and must be enforced.
Should the effect of the "Investiga
tion" stop short of this, what a miser
able spectacle will we present to the
world. We prove that the presiden
cy was stolen from the majority, and
then we allow the thief to retain the
prize!
The people of this country will
never submit to a condonement of
such a crime, and now that the inves
tigatoo has begun, popular opinion
will force the punishment of those
who are guilty.
Not So Dead After All.
What has become of that mighty
result which the gushy legislators
toki as was to be the particular
and peculiar outcome of the
Nicholle-Hayes policy in Louisiana-
a kind of "I'll tikle you if you'll tickle
me" affair-Hayes appoints Tom An
derson and Nicholls follows suit by
appointing Pinchlback and "wisa
wersa." They told uso that the lamb
and the lion lying in era had come
but it looks as if that rose-tinted time
was yet in thedim future. A crowd
of negroes have been caught in an at.
tempt to assassinate the white lead
ers ofEast Feliciana parish which is, I
to our mind, a rather practical argu- 1
tent that gush don't pay.
It shows 'how little these sunpran
nuated cenaervatives know of the ne- I
gro who has had eight years of Kel
logg and Warmoth.
Peopl Iak of Stephens, of Georgia,
as a"great man." We defy any one
to point to any act, deed or sugges
tion of Stephens' that places him in
the scale of genius one whit above'
the common herd. Stephens is at
second rate man who had a large po
litical following in Georgia and to
mollify them Stephens was accorded r
many positions to which neither his '
talent, genius or acts ever entitledt
him. Every time he has talked, from
his dish-water history of the "war a
between the States" down to his t
boot licking letter on the Pott er in- '
vestigation, he has made an egregious d
ass of himself, t
Howard's Lottery, thanks to the a
New Orleans Demoeiat, has received t
a so|Jd black-eye. Agosti, whom it on
de8ivored to jail, has been released ,
and act No; 9 :stand as uneonstita n.
.tional according tb 'Sege Hou@stim's
a i . '
Al Miotgomer7,. l. Jane 11, 1878,
2amw, laIn, *iff of enry C.. Walker,
tic~jqud~aUatMI~t .Q.pgposa
copy. -pleue
Copy.
Senator S INl;;s.
Fl I sewvhs; c is lpubli.hti at , n ip .i 1
from' the ()ltac'hita Tel,!lrolh a hic.h
contains thi, fatct thl;it one SMInatol
tniihhs has ell $t to tra'vl ;II tihe %wn%"
to Natchlitoches and a.sail tlihe ,:ditm
of thile VINDICATOI as 1an til tiotlt-lWl
thy exponent of political sentimenct.
Stibbs no doubt tlhinlks so, as ,ither
Senators have 1done 1 beforle we heard
from him. but his thinking and say
f ing o did not prevent the people of
"Logtown" from going back on hi7m.
If Stubbs said we are actuated by
the motives lie ascribed to the "snltall
country papers" generally, he is a
n;malicious, slanderous failsifier.
By the by who is Stubbs, that he
n should constitute himself a criticiser
of other men's motives and a kicker
wherewith toexpel other and a long
ways better I)emocrats than he ever
was from the party. Ills this seni
atorial accident, for lie is one pure
and simple, forgotten that he was a
defendent and co-partner with Lude
ling in the suit, which the Supreme
Court of the United States sat down
d upon with a vigor that slhould have
pressed the political life out of every
man that had any thing to do with
e that grab.
It matters but little whether Mr.
Stubbs likes our particular political
style or not, it seems the people of
Logtown do, and what is more, the
people of this parish and State have
honored us with a political following,
t not only at this time but during the
days when Mr. Stubbs was associa
ting with Ludeling and Ray, our op
pressors.
No recenty hatchled Democrat-Con
serratrle can read us out of a party
in which we were born, for which we
carried a musket, and of which Mr.
Stubbs is but a probation member.
COURT NOTES.
1:Y OUR SPECIAL REPORTER.
Our report closed with Wednesday's
proceedings in the District Court.
Since that date we make the follow
lowing detailed statement :
State vs. Ans. Buford charged with
murder--not guilty.
State vs. James Self, carrying con
cealed weapons - not guilty.
State vs. Win. Holt et als., assault
with dangerous weapon-not guilty.
State vs. Martin Joson, lanceny
not guiltd.
State vs. Mack Wade, larceny-
not guilty.
State vs. Peter Rice, larceny-not
guilty.
The Grand Jury finished their la
bors on Saturday after having found
twenty-five true bills. They were
discharged by the Judge after a few
well deserved complimentary remarks.
Their report we present in extensto,
as follows :
(IRAND JURY REPOT.
To the lion. David Pierson Judge of
the 17th Judicial District Court of
the State of Louisiana, holding ses
sion in the Parish of Natchitoches.
We, the members of the Grand
Jury, for the Parish of Natchitoches,
drawn to serve as snclH at this the
June Termn of the District Court, A.
D., 1878, have the honor to make the
following report to your Honorable
Court, through our Foreman A. V.
Carter.
1st. We have deligently examined,
to ithe best of our ability, all cases
which have come before us, always
having in mind our obligations as
Grand Jurors. We have found some
true hills which we have had the honor
to present to you in open Court. In
some cases which have been preseo
ted to us for action, we have not
Sfound the evidence sulfficient to justi
fy us in finding bills and have acted
accordingly, always after due inves
tigation.
2d. We have examined the Parish
prison and have to say that we found
the prison proper, in very good con
dition but recommend to the Police
Jury of the Parish that they put some
repairs on the wall enclosing the jail
which is, in places, in bad condition.
We also recommend the repair of the
privies for the court house, and jail,
by the proper authorities, and the
use of disinfectants as a sanitary
measure for the prisoners and the
parish officers whose duty it is to re
main at the Court House.
3d. Roads.-No complaints have
been made to us against overseers of
roads. We, therefore, presume they
have fulfilled their doties. IIowever,
many complaints have been made to
us against road hands, but having no
jurisdiction over such cases by the
present parish laws, we recommend
to the Hen. the Police Jury thile en
actment of a law making parties re
fusing to work the roads presentable
before the Grand Jury, and on indict
ment, subject to fine and imprison
ment, at the discretion of the court.
This because we feel satisfied that
notwithstanding our present laws oar
roads are in bad condition.
4th. We have visited the offices of
the Sheriff, Clerk and Recorder and
report them in good order, and kept
with a degree of neatness which does
credit to the officers in charge.
Finally permit us to testify oar ap
preciation of the able and Impartial
manner in which your Honor perfoms
the arduous duties which devolve
upon you. Our thanks for the in
struction given and the services ren
dered by our able and learned Dis
trict Attorney, and the. constant at.
tention and services rendered us by
our Parish Attorney; our approba
tion for the manner in which the
8heriff, the Clerk and their deputies
have served us, and our admira
ration for the corteous and gentle
manly bearing of the members of the
Bar who practice their profession be.
fore this Honorable Court.
Respectfully submitted,
(Signed) A. V. CARTER,
Foreman.
Court qpetted on Monday with a
fall atteoidept,of the jqrors for the
secon week etof the -Term. The firt
ase takan up was that of John J.
I\\'nod indicted fo'r murder. The
J.l I, lIlI ht in a v"eiihet of guilty of
I, llaul; lllll'lh 1 r.
SI :te' v. Alfred Mia tii;1l not. guilty
dt' ;l&.;illilt and iilattei'.
.iState vs. \alker Johllnian guilty of
- laneant .
State vs. T'. E. T'i'.nzin, selling Ii
" 1u11il' w iithoult licen' . Plehad uliltll y.
Senateincae t1l hulletii o 1 days in the
S Parish int l. i
cenol. Pl'e;ad guilty. Seintelcedl to I
yeal's iiip'iIr llilii'ilt ill the Ienife( h n
tilnry atl hard ltaor.
Stale vs. Landrtir' ('harlle ville, car
rying coice:atled wea'l pons. li Plead1
guilty. Sentnceic' to pay a tine of
i' 4 and costs or 311 days in Parishl jail.
State %s. lt ehairdl (l ran'l t andl 13.
II. (.Glant. A.ssault with daInget'rous
r weaponii. Not £niiity as to Richard
( Grant. ( uiltVy of assault as to II. .
Grant.
Quite a nimilier of heIavy criminal
Scases have been conltined until thlie
inext term. A number of civil suits
ihave lbeen decided andl others fixed
for the tlhird d tld fourth week of the
present nionth.
a Your Reporter is at paresent giving
only a sketch of the pr'oceedigs iof
the court and will furnish the readers
(of the VINDIATOrl a full, complete
f and elaborate iepoort of all decisions
rendered after its adjournment.
Diiiling the present week there has
been a hlarge attendance and great in
terest manifested in the proceedings.
The court room visitors, as a rule,
Shave been orderly and the proceed
ings conducted with dispatch and be
cominig dignity and slemnity, owing
to the tirm ruling and earnest deter
mination of tihe most worthy presi
ding Judge.
THE MYERS CASE.
Some of the Inside.
What it Takes to Make a Sheriff Do
His Duty.
iThe Prisoner or a Fine !
That our people may have an idea
of what honest Jiudlges and fatithful
District Attorneys have to contend
against in these days when eibez
zlemlent of public funds, forging elec
tion returns, and retaining boollks of
the Anditors office, aro classed as
"political offentices" and come within
the scope of the "agreement," and the
"shaddlow" of Iayes' Southern policy,
to violate which the "laibor of tlhe
country would be destroyed and its
very peace imperiled--we will cite
a few incidelits in the '"Myers trial"
illustrative thereof.
Myers is not only the political as
sociate an tfriend of the present
Sheriff'(Boulit) of this parish, but
erst while his boon, social companion ;
for be it known that Myers is now a
convivial cuss, as lie was at all tines
festively inclined ; given I to punning
anid playing )on the guiitar. Myers
was under ilndictlment when Boulit
came in o)icte, all( no et'ort was
niade by that limb of the law to ar
rest hilm. David is a sly fellow, and
he would aliswer when questiaaned by
some citizen, who imagined that jiUs.
tice was being a little strained by this
whilo Sheriff, that, "he couldn't
find Myers.'
Our Judge is a wide-awake man
and an old soldier who knows just
how much to believe of those sort ,if
stories, and lie kept his eye on David.
He had seen, no doubt as every body
else, that David could dig into the
bowels aof Texns and pull ,ult "poor
white trash "-who dhhi't have a
friend, political or otherwise, or a
dollar; and that David was merry
blzes at snatching up a hog thief in
some distant perish whose crime had
been committed so long ago that eve
ry body had forgotten it. But, not
withstanding l)avid's aefleieincy" in
this degree-and we might remark
ea p))l8asst, his polite and overpower
ing regularity in drawing pay for
capturing the "Texas Lost" and the
"hog tlief"-still ie "couldn't catch
Myers, d-n him," as lie more than
once expiessed it. The Judge, with
eyes and ears open, was suddenly ta
ken all aback wlhen lie was reliably
informed that David himself, and his
deputies, when visiting New Orleans
between Court times, were in the
habit of having a high old time with
their "friend Henry." They'd thea
tre, and dine and d nk together, atnd
yet "lie couldn't findua him at Court
time, andl was not happy in conse
quence.
Now, the Judge wanted to give
David a chance, no doubt, and
thought liim young and innocent
David, of couarse, never dreaming but
what the only time a man was to be
arrested on a warrant placed in his
hands by the Court was-when ever
le got ready to do so, and that was
"just before CourL" and just after
lie had telegraphed' Myers lie was
coming after him, no doubt--and lie
gave David a fatherly lecture.
He explained to David the facts,
that ie, David, was not constituted
Judge in the Myeris case; that ihe
knew of him and his deputies, or
some one of them at least--possibly
swleet Williamnt-having a high old
time with Myers in New Orleans, and
that this story of his not being "able J
to catch Myers, d--n him," had been
worn a "little too thiti." "Now, Da
vid, Myers must come; if lie don't, it
will cost .a Sheriff about your size
$i000." David looked blank, we
suppose, but hie brought Myers. He 1
caught him that time, "dl-n him,"
and that is how they got him here.
Myers, then, is a sort of "bond
jumper;" that is, he'll give a bond,
and if you let hin out on it. the a
Sheriff, and lie with a District Judge
behind him, is the only person that
can "pernsuade" him to return.
Well, the District Attorney has a
hard time of it too. Myers vigorous- t
ly pleads the "agreement,", and tells I
how the Governor is going to pardon '
him-and it is a hard matter to get
arything out of our officials. Mr.
Lusher says, that he has no papers a
relating to Myers, and refers the Dis- L
trict Attorney to Dubtelet, who was ha
defeated in 1874 for State Treasurer a
and counted in by the Returning a
Board but held on under Hayes'
Southern policy, and Dubuclet don't
answere the letters.A TheCy sUbpmnal
hi in, bºut lie don)'t Conic. So withi
DaLvid1 o) onP sidIe antii Iuhtwcli t On
th othe 01 IP (II poori J tdge andh I)is
I ijet At torneycv ha ve to Ski p aronit
(ni~ghtl reii~iai Ihat D avid w:Is nk110 I
' i"i P I lº lit (had leili lhe taid, iC t
32 i t 33 'hI!~la ut a ti t (( I l u t ll , II I . hut
* l-,i t ItI ' I t : II o Inl. r B o tlii 1111
lse;li" (11 113 1 (( 1tt f; ttilth ( a it nt M 1in.
t. It ii thEalt i (II, w e113V lt :t
kiIt'Ii Ill he Ias h, 41 1# hie Ii 31 thle
St~ate. h3l~Il, :tui t ill \iI hulth thS~E fill
VEGETINE
IS RECOMMIENDED BY ALL
Phy:,. ia:ns.
.lAll. l ;l I I ' S l E A ·l, I ll I E tl+ \ ('.1, . [. , 4. I-I.. 1 i' N 1"
.lr II. I . St v li.1 S:
lie:\ s4ir.-- l]ak,* the i l'a- l',. i f 114 illit yetil
Ssmalll ,rtith 'ic h, 1o'lll 1i : 1iirli - 1\ -,tlh,. l .Ipar
' 11 4 h t \'1il1. I i 'have I to c I l I; I illilr ml t liI Ihl'
it t lii' is ' f tll.i ov r rti'l.l yil 'iea , i. 11 i11 e had
the 11n(' ll4 . 1)i4illhnt l for ovl'r Si 1 1iii lll hio t s. 1land
have trie.d nltst levery lhid b l; wail's 1 li p tllo
die, s llld t d Ilot txlrxe. t to I ike fr ii i 'll It ee:,l
a n d t l lo I ' h 1 h'S i i a l 1 .o i l1 4 ( t i iu h n l i c a s e . I ..1: 1 -
\tu1r Vegatnlle re'rloinded o :ur1;e illspepsia.
I m ti o using itCancers and 'ontined'doing so
A llt : n: iw 1 1 a W tll w m n l , a n d .ht re s to re d 1t, l14 i .
feet l Doctor'sh. 11 Certific who are t ate.t wih this ter
able'dh se . I w oglon kindle. Irrinu.nll to try
it for tillh. hitniileit of 11th 11' health, 11) it is . vx
(4.1h.ll;t1 :41a hh411l lpnrili,,
lly Dr. T. It. Forbes., 1 . D. for
Mr.. 1'31. I.. StOReES.
Yleltl'l.E.--l '1h14n tlhe blood becomesll lit 'less
al stiragnlt, eTither from rihau taf w1eail lel il
ofI'tliimlate, want of exercie., irresl' l r diet. or
fromill aniy other cause, the cegetiiie will renttw
blhod. carry off the putrid h1l1i1or,1. hleai.se the
stomach, regul te the' howidle, and llpart a toiil
iaf viigor o t o he whole body
VEGETINE
Fnor Cancers and
CANCEROUS HUMORS.
The Doctor's Certificate.
READ IT.
Aslhley. Washington Cu., Ill.. .ill 14, leL.
Mri. R. Stevensll ' :
Dear Sir,- -This i to 111 et Ithat I had bell en
ntilicring frll|h it excilter aiel ina flly right breast
which grew very rapidly, and all my friends
hafi given me 111Ul cto die, when heard of your
Iil cine, l. ti , lrelilinmedell for Canciller
and Cancerous tHunors. I enanmenced to take
it. awli siin ftnud ielfll'beginnlinhg to feell et
ter; : lyn health ill d lpirit both f11l1 t the Ienhii li
infinence which it excited land in a few nilt hls
in'tc1 the tieili lm enledll thp e luse of. the 1r'ni ege
The geCut er caice out almost r dily.iat i t
ilood and 1i 4 lllllt'l cllle tllhltl[ os Ihlt at h hir\'i. t
CARRIE DEFORREST.
I certify that I am personally acquainted
wilh Ml's. lheForrest, and conisider her one it.
our very best women. R. Is . FLOv ERlu .le
ALL) DISEASES OF THIE BLi0lli....] Vegetine will
relieve pain.e, l ue, i. t, and 'lt slh dis
esl.t-, restolrilnlg tilth patient to perfect health
after tryiin di tllet plllihysiciansing. tmany remedies.
nslnd thir iVletilrs, ii it nlt 1nil wrilsive proofl if'
3oll, ae a sutlher, kyou ai be serladl ot' 1Wh"
is this k ledicie perflrm'lilh  ici h grealt tires a
It vworks i the blood,ii. i l theisrwlllatinfluids.
It can truly be called teh llreat Blood |Purilier.
The lgreat source llofi d S ean e originate in the
blood: and no mdienellllle that dii.s ntill act direltl
ly uporrn it, to purify and relnovate. has any li
tch loodim up public a ttention. a la
VEGETINE
I regard it as a valuable
FAMILY MEICINE.
Janil. I 17R.
II. R St evns, E BO. -SS.
Dear Sir- -I take pleasure in saying. that I have
usd the Vegetiie in 1ii3" fanmily wilhi good re.
salts, 1141 I have known of several cases of 're
-iarkable cure eflretril by it" I 'rgard it as a
vahille famnily medicine. T'uli" .NoU's,
HEV. WM. MlcDON.IALD.
The Rev. Wni. 'McDoniald is well known
through the United States as a minister in the
M1. E. Church.
TIOI'I, R s :P ..K.--- egetine is acknowledg
ed and recommended by physicimis and apoth
:earries to be the hesr purileir alll cleanser If
the blood yet disrovered, allnl thousands speak
in its praise who have been r'.stored to health.
VEGETINE.
The M. D's have it.
lDear Sir... I have Sold Y'egtihe for a lll',
time. and il ht it ig IS mlst exeileut satifiction.
.S. I. DE PRIEST.. Druggist,
VIaII letN . Ind.
H. R. SIEVENS, BOSON, MiASS.
Veg'otiis, is Sohl Iby All Druggists.
NOW'S YOUR CHANCE!
Myn. G-r. Moses,
The (elehrated N,'l O)rleans Artist,
REMAINS RBI'T A FEW WEEKS.
The most ex.q nisite
A Inm rotiyPes, DitIIS,
Fe.rroty peIs, Poircelaintypes,.
\'lvry types, Photoglralphs.
Chromn Photographs,
Microscopic do.
Life Size, do,
In every style of the art.
We guarantee our work equal in execn
tion and finish to the best Photogralphic
Establishment in the United States.
1846 Established in 1846
B. & C. MOSES,
Of New Orleans.
JAMES C. MOISE,
Of Natchitoches.
Portraiais Painted or Reltoched.
A full assortment of Frames and
Mountings.
Prices lower than in Neer Orleans.
LACOST'S IHALL ,,
Front Street, irti'chitoches, La.
June 1, 1878.
JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMENTSi
SherilPs Sale.
J. W. Cockerham vs. M. H. Carver.
District Court-No 8213.
BY VIRTUE of a writ of seizure and
sale in the above entitled and num
bered suit and to me directed, I have
seized and will offer for sale to the last
and highbest bidder at the door of the
Court House in the City and Parish of
Natchitoches, on
Saturday the 20th day of July, 1878,
the following described property, to-wit :
A certain lot of ground situated in the
town of Natchitoches, on Front street,
having a front of .5 feet on said street.
with a debth of two hundred and eighty
five feet, being the same property ac
quired from the succession of Victor Du
rand on the 19th day of January, 18699;
said lot of ground being bounded North
by property of Mrs. Clara Laplace, South
by property of T. Lacoste, East by Front
street, together with all the buildings
and improvements thereon or in any
wise appertaining.
Terms of ale:
CASHI, "ith the blnefit of appraisement. I
1). I. I )I4'LLT. Jt.,
J.1 ne 15-tfls. Sh rill,
SHEIIFF'S ALE.
A. IB. Stillayrae fir 1'.I" of J. \W. (Cock
urit lltl trans f it'ir Ee, v I)I. l. I. nillt,,tJr.
1) Y \ irt ut of ai \ rit of alias Fi. Fit. in
i-) lhte :il\veii ilititl i-d iand initflm red
suit and io mi'E directed. I have seized
tan i '" ill tnr lir :,hl. to ti, last 1a1d
high l i iihh-, . hhe 1 , " 41f" fh , fulllft
i ii '.' i t tl i  t :nif 'I ;i'f oiIIh i, t h itlll .
1't ilt' . ' IIi
iNati rdat - yl, /e t i dl t// I of Jai l,. 1-`7.,
tjiieiftilo ttt SlEfjiti 1, fti Ig t~Xi "-1 itt
ih -f, l',h Itli . E ihs . tuttll ttr1 l ,-4 1 fo, lit-it it
i A i t-i till i, ite r t uiip l l fit ' li: a t sit r
tled ill flh- p rif i ii otf N Ai huiluocilt . l87 iltI
thl . 4-:01 h lf f ' I r,,1s n h rf i I lla lttr Ii I'th' h
II ,: il it i it I II li ti r of' t. lll l I'. -I itll;ll l .l
:11111 . 1, i :It~ l ii l' ' l , I : , "> l~ltl , "Iib 1111:11i'
fr I( " ( t l lin 1. t 1 l i'I ,;.1 1111se i- :
1 ` i ft' I:: i l il l ti - of l i I: sti li a :llt
of lIm ill esi . it;t ilda t , i' a til il -lsil - I":lst
It ',i ( +'fla l IIh vi',rtl ' of M itit;li i'" I.:nl1
\\:I lil - 'ti,i :1t."1 E I - El 14 h lo ' 1i 1 i 'ist
tlief:1ll'8 It lig ileri lt f rt i itlt i-lt ;l IItitii -
of i t'i ll f i9, C lilu ll 'es .71 7i-lii ;lt c es. ,
alo 2 7?-iili :i P of said  '-ith east
1Iatei " ttof s lio li t.ii, bl'iig ex r-s iln ihl
tri et over (lhi l'tei hiitla d h; virc nl'i it
.Military tritd Warrant N l., b7 ii i
,itiltin ll'v' Itl"I'tiNiof lJtusili ,i Ilfl-ii-y i 0l 1 Ii)W i
vlil of Nt iul t iit i . Str ne , tfi l i\h le oft
s'ill l tract olhl :ti-l I ,in , situanted ill y to il
ldip t oi- . lilt-, . llo rangit westi wet.lol.1h
eonlttallabig 1111 aIggregat11 41uaft ity of
110$ SII-110 acews moure or le,,. to"'etheri
i. it all the uit iin, n Land ilprove
nlillts th lireonl, it beill the soale acqllir
ieil hy thl. \ellihr from iHo1hi'rt L. .lack
s,1i. til the h 1111 day of August. 1,7.i, as
per pri\aIlv act of ile 4hlv 1 t orded in
i III- Heiilllb 'i olfice of this parish.
Terms of Sale.
Cash- \ it-h ilt e enelit of appraisement.
A. 1'. ll 'ED. A,
.1ili, 15. (ilurnl r. es-olicio Shelrit.
SI(CC'ENSION SALE.
S'uccessiw, of .Mlarie Louise Lecras
sear, der'd.
) Y virtie, of aili oride.r of the Ilon. the
_ Paiirish Court in and tir the parish
ofNathhitiches, tand to ne aihdressed. I
will sell to the hist and the highest bid
d1er a the tloor of the ('ort Houste in
ite Ciliy aind Parish of Natchitoches. on
lWednesday, the 17th day of Jul, 1878,
the following described proplcrto belotnd -
ilig to the i nor .J. Lestniil Langlois.
A certain lot of grouid sitractole in the
Tow oiif i('lanisple, in this parish, contain
ia tilnt fres, mlotro or less, bounided
i-rth by liands otfJoseph Heryii , south
1y figlnds of Will. Levy, east bly itite oft
heirs of Jhles Conde west by la d iii oft
,1. anlid L. Peroit, and E. L. tHart.
Terms of Sale.
Casht, shjelct to appraisentieli.
D. H. BOULI.T. Ra.
litjun lui,.-td . Sheiriff.
S UCESSION SALE.
Suceession of Les-tan Prudho-mme dec'd.
I Y virine of an order from the lho.
t Jlidge of the Parish Court of Natch
itoches pari-ish, to ma e directed, I will olher
alt public satle to the highest bidder ao
12 o'clock, Ml., at the door of the Court
House ill this parish, on
e aturdaa , Jul( wih, 1t 87fr,
lthe following des cribed trlacts of land be
hlonging to said Succession, to-wit:
A certaini parcel or tract of land, siltni
ite, it the parish of Grant. heigiinilg at
a point o tle t Southern boundairy of
section (7) eight, townsihip (8) eight,
Iranget (6) six : west of the Antoine Pru
or tract, ,hence south on section h inate
beinilg pirt of lhe westerll hounldary of
slectioli (T5) s~vntqiy-five, Lestall Prll
dholumin tract sevently-t wo 65-10! cllhais :
thenel'. Weal to a point oil the Rigolet de
Boln Die. knw s "te Break:" thk al enc lle
uil tihe said river -o the so7th west co
ier p-f section (8) eight, township pti
sighl, rntile () it i's, known flitrmer
ly 01s the A1tOiine Prufholnuare ehim, wut
liow knloWnl as the Sullivan tract ; thence,
alioneI Sid southerln hoflldarl to - h.
plFca of begtitih i i
A caltain parcel or ltract of land tt ound
ed as follows : c roeti ith .Peaear tree iay
the river bank osi"ih nitigolet de ion
Dion. below lira Gin liousa, iiorth S°!.
tlis to i Ot-d , Wott I fi lls alite 'so iltth thesl
QUl.tirfle'fsiuill \veskntfi'ondiila qlllradr
of section (7) sevall townshiil (i) eight,
rlause () west; alieian tat to Westpern
boundary of the Augustle Langlois laini.
Termls and (nditions q!f ,Sale.
For the said it t tract, fifthen htndred
dollars eashtt and f l thl balance of the
lurchase price, ont half thkireof pay.le
on the lr t day of J..un-iuJy, 18s79, twith
,le p oer cent interest thereon from iat in
slte until paidi; ailini tha otliher half ipa
iille on the Int day of Jiilllar)" 188f0, with
like itaerns i aiorn day wtii sa ic.
]"or the 94 tract, ti\'e hiindredl dollau',
cash, aiid for o hte otlilce of prrchaise
prh, oli l credit of oli yar fromli lay
oif salon it h 8 per celil ilileiret thiirioii
tromn sahil day of sCle, u-silJ pa.i, l'en
diirs privilegf and Sle5ial . ortgage re
Ithined on the Ids above iil ll(, with b he
elaise of' non-afienado to the prajudite
of the vedor; uiirthasears of said lhios
h axeenoe ohpir twelve JPon.hos' and,
for the f redit price, with grod security
such -onds to havI full horce and esi.b
as twalve months' honds take,. in sales
((er) writs of bieri f Mias, and lhe col
le-tion of said vonds to oe enforced int
(9) Siite heathr as H wagve s o.ths'
(20)nds t'ekn in aecordance with articles
719 Snd 7 y of the Code of Prac.ica.
P. 8. PRUDHOMIME,
,hlte I. - ids. Admininitrator.
.....-,HERIFF'S NALE.
Payne, KThnniedy & Co. vt. J.P, Broad wells
District Court larish of Orleans.
No. 88,16.
One virtueof a writ of Fi. Fa.. issued inl
J the ablove entiiled and numberedt
siiit and to mi directeds . have seized
aned will oltteI for sale to the Ist and
highast bidder at the Braazeille phintii
tione siotated ic the aritth of arptchitor
cfle, low ocfnlied by J. P rcoaeiwels , a
oln
Hriterdait the -. th day qf JulJ, 1878,
the fotlowiyg describnd property, to-wit :
(44) Forty-four head of eulss.
(7) Seven head of Hlorses.
(20) Twenty head of trazes ald Colts.
(f25) Twentyrfive head of Sha.llt
(9) tine head of Hegs.
(20) Twenty head of Catile.
(7) eve-i yoke of Oxene
(3500) Thirty-live hundred ltushels of
Corn, mlore or' less. ,
(I 1) Eleveni Walgolns.
(2) Two Carts.
(804) Sixty Plows,
One lot Fodder.
Onie lit Hoes. h
One Buggy and |Harnless.
Oiie lot Hlousehohl anii Kitchen Fiir
nitutre.
Oile lot Blacksmitlh'saaid Carleteier's
tools,
One lot of lDry Goods, Groceries anid
Hard waira.
Twenity thousalid feet of Inrnber, more
or less.
The lease of the B~reazeale Plantnation,
for alid duirinig the y'ear 1878; all the
lBooks, assets and appertenacc es belong
ing to the store.
Terms of Bale.
CASlH-with the benefit of appraise
nieut ID. H. BOULLT, Jn.,
5theriff Pari.h of .. tehitoehes.
Sheriffs Sale.
iJeronu , Srpv and Nerestill Netoyer vi,
\Win. II. loullt.
I ist ri.t Court, Parish of Natchitoh,
I) virtue of a writ of r and
J in the above entitlll suit and toiiale
diirected. I have seized and will ofi i tofn
sale to the last and highest liddelr at tforhe
door of the Court Ihols in the eit and
parish of Natchitoches on
Staturdyt , the 15hi dayl of Juoe, 187.
the thlllowi lg descrilel l I,,,l.l.ttv, to wit
A eertai , lot of ground il the to#w
a parish of Natchlitoche ith the
idweflihng house ;aui impprov0llrelsth thet
,it : 1said lot being , thle , oth , liaer
ilt if e ht. De is street't, frontingoll n o saids treet
West IIby TIhird Sltreet. 1,p' chiasd I. Seln,
'esilce i It'l'iglloz stfrom 1)r. Thull er ar
pl 'h:ise,. by dlt'fi.enhd t at Hceaioan
S:l. Mii NIis. Iesir Ile. i , rlz fi sat o
111(. \._lnl , ii i i 10 11 t Sc/.
Te'rm.s 1f Sale.
(it a c'iedit of tIweii lli ionths. teepur.
t;i. 1 x 't'olih h is tw il .e , li tlltli.. bon, d
r the phlulrchiass plrice. Willh good , 1
Sin solllo. Saidl hfaid tio bear eitcri
tili r i d u o '.f l il re
yl\1 " h. Shelriff.
SHIIERIFF'S SALE.
vs. Win 11. 'iliediuºoil." et als.
I )ist rict ('clrut--No 8008.
)Y1 virtuie oflt' a writ of Fieri "ae'iaj is
) sued in the above entitled and aonn
Iered suit, ani to une* directed I hart
seiize.d ;1and will otiffer flir sale to the last
and hlighlstl hisler at the door of the
ieiurthouse ini i lt parish of Natehiteche,
Oil
S(atrdrllay, the 15th day of ,Jlnle 178,
tlhe t;llowillg desrield property to wit:
A certain lot of groOlllil situated in the
city of Natchlitochel s lhavIing a front of0o
f'ett on the East silde of all' ally known a
Silly Ally, and runnlllilng bIack for depth
12u feet, bounlded lNorth by lot of Andrew
Carter, Soiuth byv A. P. Breda, Wet by
said iSily street, the sanie beiigacquimrd
froml A. P. Bredila by act of sale before
Johnl Blilow on the 11th dayoflMay 18't.
Also two certain lots of ground situated
in the City allui parish of Natrliitoae
op posite of each other on an ally known
as Siblvy ally, each of said lots having a
front of' 75 feet oni said ailly, with a depth
ofi 1(0 feet, acqluiredll fromlil A. P. Bled by
act of sale b .fihre George W. Kearny Re.
corder, on the 27th day of Alpril 1874.
Together with all lithe buildings and
ilrllolv(em'lilt8 l11 the above dlemribel
lots.
Also One Billiard rfable, F r'urteenC
Four Balls alnd One Pool Board.
Terms of Sale :
('ASII--with benef'iit of appl,raiseent.
I). H. BOI'LLT, Ja..
M:ay 11.-tds. Sheriff.
J udgmlent.
Ernestine Nathan vs. Martin Hersh.
'Parish Coulrt, Parish of Natchitoches.
No. 1751.
IN this case ion the trial hereof by rea.
Sonll of the law and the evidelece he.
ing in favor of the plainttitl' Ernestie Na.
than, anlil against the dItefendiat, M.
Ilercseh. It is tlerefore ordelredl, adjudg.
ed and icreeedt that she do havejnad
lienlt in her favor ais plrayed for oti on
petition decreilgi a sepalration of pe.
pe'rty antd dissolutioll of thlle conmnunity
of a'lle'ts and gailns hereltofore existing.
Ite'twte'le her and her said hullsband, and
that she do hereaftter have the entir
manalllag ement aind conitrol of her owlap.
arate estate.
Dolne, reld 1and signlled ill Colrllt ouli
25thll of Maly, 187r.
(Signe'd) P. A. SIMMONS.
Parish Juldge.,
State of Louisiana, J
Parish of Natchitoches,
Clerk's Office.
I certify the abovo to be a true and
corect copy of' the origillnal Judgment on
file in niy otiece.
itlles Ili'y halinl and Of -
[L.S.] cial Senal this 29th day of
May, 1P78.
W. II. TU'NNARD,
Julle l.--:t. Clerk.
SIHERITF'S S. LE,
l':iynie', lllitrilallnt e Co., Is. J. P. Broad
D)istrict Court, Parlishl of' )rleans. ;
No. 306t11. .-.
SY virtue ofa trlit of Fi. Fa. issu~od in
I the abiove elltitled asld nlbnllered
snit, alid to lIit dlirectedt, I have eized
andl will oll'lr 'lr sale to the last and.
highest hiierl' l. at he 'Pro AIx Clrein
Ilantat iou, oil
Setelrdayl, the f',h dae# of Jl!l, 181
tlhe followillg dlescrlilled property, to-wI -
A certaiu tilaltation kllown as the
"i're Aux Cleres plalnltationu," sitUted iitd
thile right bank otf ited River descendillg,
in the Parish of Natchitoches, albout(20j
twenty miles albove the city of Natchito'
clies, bounlded above er lands now or '
latcely beClollging to E. IL. lHyalns, and
below by liltds lIow or lhtlch Ielongih,
to BIen. GCrape', alll conlitaining $li
98-10i acres.
Allother tract olr larcel of land in the
rear lt ilnill altfe'he'd tee said jIlaeiatiol
coletaining (1:14 ,7-100l) onlie hunlrel
ailul tlhilty-fiiur 7 -IIIt acres as per plea
tdrawli Iy" Th'llollllas lnlier, I . S. Dieputy
Sllrveyor·, boundeldt on thie north wet by
lands now or lately hIelllgiig to E. &
Ilyians, and on the west Icy section Il
'b, in towlnhlili 11 of range 9.
Anlother tract of landul being the ondi.
viehd half of a tract of luand in seclie
Nio. 35, ill townshlip 11 of ralnge 9 foro,
illerly owlled by 1I. L. Benlnett and B,
Mf. Hyalnsp, coltiaiilig two huiindtlred id
twelinty-iilie 51-100 acres, bonlded E1
the niorth eiast ly land idnIow or lately be"
longing to lcnjalil Grallppe,, east byise
tioln No. 30, in twishil II, of ranget4
aleel in the south by stction So. 2, towS'
ship 10, of rallge 9, west,
Another tract or parcel of lanld beii
lot No. 2, and the east hallf of the no
west quarter of section No. 2. in towS
slhilp No. 10, north of ralige No. 9, wat
containing oils hlndredl alnd fourteM'
7(i-101) acres.
Terms of $ale:
C:nlash-with the benlefitofapplraiseml'et.
D. II. BOULLT, Jr.
Shleriff, Parish of Nratchitoches.
Julle 1 tils
Sherlfs Sale. &
Keyser & McKenna, vs. Parish of Nat.ib.
toclees.
District Court-No. 79t2.
Y VIRTUE of a writ of Fieri FtiJ
issued in the abiive enltitled and fn'
bered suit andI to lce directed I leis*
seized andt will off;r tfor sale to the l
and highest biddler at the door of tb
Court House ie the city and Parishb d
Natchitoches on
Saturday the 6ilh day of July, 187d,
the following described property, to Wit:
Forty thlousands (41,000) bricks,
or less, sand1 anld eelmellt formingi_.l
colentitutilig the brick pavellcent exteond
ieg from a poiut opposite the cornerft
Masotic Hall, on Secotnd street tostd i
froet aid aroullnd the Court House, to le0
exteenee South west corner of the Cooit
House.
Termns qf Sjle:
Cast-with the benefit8 of appraise
Junel.-tds. +