'She lapty Jiicatr ie topi's 1idttor.
Advertisllg Jtefl if o or ri , t'. .
I 4 onI 1t; 50 1 : 1# 1 ov Editor & 0h nt .
Sgqa re. 1701 20 o00 15 00 20 00 25 00
3 rsqA . 1400 ,i )2 0 :s 0 35 Im _ _'_llish__d :\EVer" S.\'T:iDAi '; n
j0 2 On 35 0 40 Op0 ! - ----- " __....... .. ...._ _.... ,_ ___ r_ _ -.. -----
5 ., .. r2 00 24 00o 35 00 40 00 45 0
qurC .. THE WELFARE OF THE PEOPLE IS THE SUPREME L7AW. TH EFA,,,HEP. ,, TH S.U, :,
"quare." 236 11 327 00 3 0 l 11110 I 11 T VE F R TH
squares.., 3- n......n . 571... no . O...- - - -e. -
. , sres: 4301 ,,1 00o no, to on 1.sn n ,,,) Official Organ of the White Citizens of Red liver, Sabine, Winn and Natchitoches Parishes,
is uaree.. 4 i) 0 ea o 1 01 9 01 12 5 n 0 01
i"t :rtisme m . . . 5. per enrof - - - '* -.  ... . .. ....... . . ... . - .. . l
Aro,,, , u nsr,, se VOL. IV.. } NATCHITOCHES, LA., FEBRUARY h, 1878. NO;21 ,' ra,, ' tane, .
l Ot I I I r I " I I I I " 11 " I r I 1 li
1USI ;SS'DUIECO r0Y.
St. )enie streets.
lFt-\vod and Blacksmith Work,
A . t arch Street.
S FRINI -The New Stand- Beer Gardens,
A Fine Wines, Liqulors and Cilrs. St.l).nis.
S ALLCIN-SItestaanrnt, St Denis Street.
Ali
LEX T El Notary Public, St. enis
street.
L .TUC'K KER-General Collecting
Agent.ant Canvasser, St. ) enis street.
- i)K _ anldP'istAls sold, male and
Be Reaed, St. Denis 'treet.
- i-RD &CA MPt'BiLL--IMerchandiseand
Splantation Supplies, Front street.
` ""ý ýti1'A1NAIN CHAPLIN--At
| irney jý,, , Washington street.
CDLE)[YLEVY-Family Groceries antd
Genealere acandiae, Front street.
IVApAMI B D.EITRICH--Drv Goods, GCro
d/I edes and General Merehandize. Sole
, e4tIs for Srew Bottom Shoes, Front street. C
,AN,1ELp. SCARBOROIUGTI Attorney in R
f, blier with W. II. Jack, Second St. ti
GOUGE GA IyA--Fae ily Groceries, undler
Yamsnic L.tIC ge, 2d Streeit
G A a FONTENOT--Planters' IIotel-Faroritc
. farmers" and strangers' resort, St. )enis.
£2 RITEN -Hoots and Shoes made and repair
, ed, St Denis Street.
IIORGE W. KEARNEY...--Reorder and No
g tary Public, Court liou se, 2d street.
Nt4RRY GENTITS-Charter Oak Stoves and
1 Tinware. Front Street.
H KAFFEE-.-Dry Goods and Groceries, Front
. street.
ft LITCIENSTEIN-General assortment
l. Dy Goods and Groceries, Front street.
ARRIS. JAFFA---l)ry Goods and Groceries,
- . Front street.
,,_-.. -
PEKIC-" Aurveyor. St. Denis:street.
tf SIMON--Dry Goods and Groceries, Wash
*1 ington Street.
IT ELKIN-Dry Goods and 'Uroceries, Jeller
Sso, street.
t JACO89-Dry Good-i and Groceries, below
* the Dirt bridge, Jefferson Street.
.,011 RUeC A-Dry Goods and Groceries,
, . low the Dirt bridge, Jefferson Street.
TO.GENgE &. CO--Dry Goods and Groceries,
SWashington street.
AS. GENIUA--Dry Goods and Groceries,cor
saer Jefferson and Amulet Streets.
J W. SUDD ATlT-The Phoeni--Choice Li
e quters and Cigars, St. Denis Street.
TAS M. B. TUCKER-Attorney at Law St.
:dDets Street.
a KING ...GWatchnmaker and Jeweler, St.
JDeals street.
J KDALEM AN...Harness and Saddtler y,
J Washington street,
SC.TRICHEI--General Ierehandiue,Wash
G. taton street.
- DUCA&SS-General Assortment of Mer
U. kslhasAsl, Washington street.
J ii. STEPENS -Lnumber tard. intersection
, Front, Lafayette and Washi ngton streets.
l sad Retail realer and sole Agtrt for Wag
em, Washingrton street.
T A DUG()IURNAU-Fancy and Stsple Dry
J Goods, Boots, Shoes, lHats and Clothing,
isIt street
:TJAMEST. SPROVWL - Hlose, sign, and or.
Sasismental painter, Front St.. corner Tonline.
i. C AR EIL-The Gem Bar Roo'n, choice s
Al Wines, i quors and Cigars, Front street.
SiRY& Pl ILLTPS--Fll stck',.Fanoy and
Staple Dry Goods and GroceriesFront st.
L DUPLEIX.--Land Agent,.S. Denis street.
iORS & -DRANGUET.--Attorneys at Law,
21]. 1 street, corner Trudan,
U H. OGAlfRtY -Dry'( dA, Groceries and
,I, General MerchaUdiie, Front street."
Si SCHAFFRATIH-Boot and Shoe Maker,
LA St. Denis Street.
, CAbPMARTIN-Goneral assortmeti; of
0* .Gds o( all kinds, .Jefferson street'
itrt WLL & GALLION-Phyaicainu and Sur.
p os St. Denis Street.
,P tVEyULIMAN - UndertakerL Washington
* Street.
, POQIT$.-Baktr, Jefferson atteet.
IT 3 LUW R -t CO-*ooc -
Swork and Blacksnaitbing, Corner 3d and
YVEULEM&N-..Family land Planthtion
G. ter , eries, Wasrhington street.
S .G CALYIS.-Dentist, Jefferson street
· . tURKE-Cheap I+amilY and Western
,l OGrocery Dealer, groat street .
•E F, HUTS-Livery, Sale,aud Feed Staile,
: : ". St. Denis St'eet.
If3KZN&- pry Goods apd Groceries, Jeff
,Ierson Street, below Dirt bridge.
' IBAROtG-General Mrchatndise, P lan
UWfsl and Pumlly Supplies, Front Street
?QSre~Y i-D Goods and Groer4ei , dhh
Sgton street;` ;
`D g angi.apothoctrdFrront
LLER-Bok's Brilliant St9ves and
l; are,--, 'skingtouttreet.
SIZNI-BlflIard Roots ad Bar, PFront
t OAN-W olnlesale ant Retail ?.er
hsant-general assostment for the trade
street.
..Attoreo at Law, td. street,
. DOST-Boot and Sl&e iakert, St. Denis
Professional Cards.
thtreet, NTWl ORE.IUNS, iA.
ad the June si Ddcemra terms
rldte eouttei at his old hoine
.. "EaLT k].,
to JAcV & PsasbsP )
ad Coutaelor te Law
` ' t!TOmrIOCIIES, LA. '
a a Court of Notobitpobes.
th, R~tb 4Rtver, Wion, Rapidea,
Jt4 mi tthe snpreme Courtb of the
'Prem$y rtedU cde to.
-; 8ORNEY' AT LAW.
SthdPrastlee of his Profession.)
~iti'°nf the" asrish and Dietrict
of Stohiteheeagdsd fd River
t 1t, oftia s w4 At
ast WuhiaL ..
-t Buildin. 4Up
n, .b~~~LB
JOHN Z . ROIlER TSO.',
I (Late of New Orlhans,)
SATTORIEY & COUNSELOR AT LAW
COU SHATTA,
, ED RIVER 1'ARISIH, LOUISIANA.
Will practice in Coushatta, Naltchito
ches, Mandfield, lMany, and in every part
I of North-'st L. uisiana. Spcial atten
tion giver Ih Landl cases and SucEcessions.
June 9th, 1877-tf.
, J H. CUNNINGHAM.
d9ttrnsi & t0outtallor at utr,
St. Denis Street,
Natchitoches, : : : La.
A ILI, give prompt and personal at
SV tention to all business entrusted to
. his care
Io Practices in the District and Parish
t" Courts in the Parishes of Natchitoches,
i Red River, I)eSoto and Sabine, and bcfore
;t. the Suprenwc Court at Monroo and Now
Orleans. Jan 5 '76-ly.
to D~Is L. C. SCdRBORO UGII,
ATTORNEY IN FACT.
. 1'ILL practice in the District and
S Parish Courts of Natchitoches,
- Winn. Sabine and Grant.
All business intrusted to his care will
receive prompt attention.
tnt Otlice with W. H. Jack Esq., Second
Street, Corner Trudcaux, Natchitoches,
intLa. Dec. b-ly.
, RS. POWELL & GALLION,
HAVE ASSOCIATED TI IEMSEI.VES IN
. .Tl..lI'RACTIC , OR Ml.EDICINE
ti' AND, SUR(ERY.
OFFICE ON
er
St. Denis Street, :: Natchitoches, La.
Jan 5 '7S-3m
ow
M. A.. Dunn,
.49
Physician and Surgeon
esl, oontgonery, La.
Business Cards.
C. A. BULLARD- N. H. CAMPBELL
Bullard & Campbell,
-- DEALE IN 
DRY GOODS,th
GROCERIES,
HARDWARE, ol
And General Merchandise.
Corner Fao.T & L.AATrra Street,
H tcA itoches, La.
I'[.TIGHERST cash price paid for cotton and
n L1 country produce in cash or merchandise.
Marb 25 -I3'.
Peter e Velaleman,
-DEALER IN
FAMIL Y GROCERIES
r A fall assortment of WAL.r.-Patrun con
stantly on hand.
SSnftal inducements to Casat Customers.
WASHINGTON STREET,
Natchitoches, La.
SMarch 25--1y.
----------------------------------
3, C. .Triohel,
ad -DEALER IN
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, HARD
WARE, BOOTS and SHOES, HATS,
ETC.
,. Highest cash price paid for Cotton and
Country Produce.,
n WASHINGTON, ST.,
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
md -dealer in
lo oGzoarImES
FRONT STRJSET, Natchitoches, La.
Crn 1 . L. WALineLMY. . M, WALMSLEY
. Q.L, WALMSLEY & CO,
- (CTTON FACTORS
-AND-
an GNIIRiL COMMISSION MERCHANTS.
Perdido Stl., New Orleans, La.
March25-k'.
ont
O- cs1o dhopin;
S (. TTON FACTOR
d COMMISSION MERCHANT,
No.6 5 CARONDELET ST.,
eet, Julry -1iv New Orleans.
JOHN M. TUCKER,
:Magistrate Ward 1.
St. Denis Street, : : Natchitoches,,La.
PROMPT attention given to all business
entrusted to'bis bare..
Spi Claims oolleoted".at email cost.
' Refers to the Bar 'Genrally.
Jan 5 '78-1y
PRACTICAL MACHINIST
ENGINEER:
ARCHITECT, CARPENTER ., J91OIER,
ALL kinds of Machine work, Engi
A neering, Carpentpring anmd Joiner
work !db6 ..*ith dispatch, and in first
cla a on Oer. '
Estimates and plans for buildings
promptly, :ppsp)qe4,.,tii1,6d, desiring
work wihtl' et cble' 'mr in'y trades will
cl~tAn me at: :ahytib ,br terms; whjch
will  liberl bo-th to psie.and tine,
shop on WAHINGOON STREET. '
"N SIC ' , A. ,/
SI
Is the most genial balsam ever used by II,
sufferers from pulmonly diseases.
It is composed of her Sal products, which ill
I have a specific effect on the throat and
- lungs; detaches from the air cells all ir- si
ritating matter; causes it to be expecto
rated, and atonce checks the inilammuation I,
which produces the cough. A single dose
relieves the most distressing paroxysm, ll
soothes nervousness, and enables the suf
ferer to enjoy uiet rest at night. Being a j
pleasant cordial, It tones the weak stom
ach, and is specially recommended for ft
children.
What others say about
Tutt's ,Expectorant. t
Had Asthma Thirty Years. a'
o R \tLrnaRons, FJ lry 3, 875. n'
" liave had Asthma thirtyycttA, and never found gj
a medicine that'had such a hapyv effect."
t W. F. HOGAN, Charles St. t
A Child's Idea of Merit.
N Ey OutKLrA; , t ovemler i, ,i7.
"Tutt'sExpectorant is a familiar name in my house. O
Mly wife thinks it the best medicine in the world, 1i
and the children av it is 'nicer than molasses I
candy.'"' NOAH WOODWARD, 101 N. Poydra St
"Six, and all Croupy."
"I am the motherof six children ; all tlemhave a
been croupy. Without Tutt's Expectorant, I don't
a think they could have survived some of the attacks. a
It is a mother's blessingF." c
MARY STEVEN3, Fralkfbor, Ky.
ii A Doctor's Advice. il
"In my practice, I advise all milies to keep Tutt's t
SEZxpectorant, in sudden emergencies, for coughs,
croup, diphtheria, etc."
g, T., P. ELLIS, M.D., Newark, N. J. II
Bold bV all druggists. Price $1.00. Office a
38 3Murray Street, New York'l
N In
"THE TREE IS KNW BY ITS FRUIT."
"Tutt'sPills are worth their w,.ilht in gold."
REV. I. R. SIMPSON, Louisville, Ky.
, Tutt's Pills are a specal blessing of the ninc.
fl teenthcentury."-REV. F. R. OSGOOD, New York.
"I have used Tutt' Pis fortorpor of the liver. I
They are superior to any medicine for biliary dis.
" orders ever made."
I. P. CARR, Alte at Law, Augusta, Ga.
"I have used Tutt's 'sis ve years in my family.
They are unequaled fr costiveness and biliousness."
F. R. WILSON Georgetown, Texas.
"I have used Tutt's ie ,icewith great benefit."
W. W. MANN Editor Mobil Register.
"*We sell fifty bonxesutt's Pills to five of all
others."--SAYRE & CO Cartersville, Ga.
"Tutt's Pills have onto be tried to establish
their merits. They work like magic."
W. H. BARRON 96 Summer St., Boston.
*' There is no medicine so well adapted to the cure
of bilious disorders as Tutt's Pills."
JOS. BRUMMEL, Richmortl, Virginia.
AND A TFI ND AMORE.
Bopl by drupgists. 35 cents a bor. Office
3o b urraU Street, 'ew York.
STUT'S HAIR DYE
HIGH TESTIMONY.
FROIf THE PACIFIC JOURA 'IL.
"A CREAT INt-VFNTI"
i has been mnade by )1:, "trI'TT. f Ynrk,
which re'tores youtlhfl hiIlaztv to the hair.
That emiuenit i hetnist has ~,'creeded in
producing a Hair Dye which imitates
rs. nature to perfection. Old bachelors may
now rejoice."
Price $1.00. Office 35 tMuerraý t.,
New York. Sold by all dlrufggsts
O . Shaitrath,
Boot and Shoe Maker.
OIHALLENGES the world for neatness
D- and durability of work. Satisfacti-n
Sin fit anti material guaranteed
r Shot,i :, St. Denis St.
... 3E.X. emee, P
a
NOT RY PUBLIC. a
(Office under Vindicator Office,) S
ST. DENIS STREET, k
NATCHtTOCHES, LA. h
April 29.
Ii. N1ORE S,
SEBWELER, JEWELER, c
IWA T 11El
-AND-. -AN])
OPTICIAN. OPTICIAN.
All kinds of repairing done at the short- a
est notice, and in the most artistic man- a
ner, with full satisfaction guaranteed.
lseoks, Watches and Jewelry foreSalc. at
- - the Lowest Rates.. ;
A Ft7Lt+& COO(PLETE STo6 .
Office and Shop oir St. Deae St.,-eorner Second" I
Dec. 2-1ly.
JAMES . NOISE, !
Portrait Painter, 1Natchiteches La.
CABINET SIZEA'ND PRICES EXCLU
SIVE OF FRAMES, OVAL OR'
SSQUARE. .
8x0 $15,00. . 10x12'$16,00. 12x14 17,50
: 14x16 $20,00. 16x18 $25,00.
18x20 $30,00. 18x24 35,00.
LIFE SIZE, HEAD AND' BUST, OVAL
OR SQUARE,
20x24 $10,00. 22x27 $45,00. 5x30 $50,00
. KIT.KAT, SQUARE.
29x36 & 30x36 $80,00,:eachb; .
Portraits of deceased poreone painted
from photographs.
Dec 15-tf
JOSEPH C KEYSER,
, Brlckmaker and Layer.
i- TS PREPARED to do all work entrusted
r I to him quickly and, in a workmanlike
t- manier. Tomb, Chimneys, Cisterns and
other work solicited.
S Orders left at, BULLARD & (VAMPL
B E 8 will be promptly attended to.
, 1 Jin 27, lV.:,'.
B' DEevely TtPo'ler,
S enral Collectr.
S? 'All:Accounts promptly collected
Speech of Mr. Voorhees In the United Ide El
States Senate. actm
to tli
Financial Credit of the Governmfient. tifths
ence
At the expiration of the morning night
hour the resolution of Mr. Matthews, silve
in regard to the payment of bonds in room
silver, was taken up as unfinished MI
busincss, and then laid aside infor- that,
mally, so that Mr. Voorhies, (Dem., mere
Ind.) might address the Senate on the than
resolution submitted by him before gold
the holidays, declaring it of the high- fti,
est importance that the financial cred- their
it ot the Government he maintained, of In
and that for this purpose the Govern- mon
ment itself, in all its departnmsnts, att e
should in good faith keep all its con- dieii
tracts and obligations entered into lt4
with its own citizens.
He said the agitation of the question pay
of finance will never cease until ary,
the people are satisfied that the vast from
debt is in process of extinction upon ary,
principles of justice to tax paying la- Y
bor, or until, on the other hand, they il
are subjugated into silent submission,
and the Government itself becomes al n
changed in spirit and form into a
moneyed aristocracy. Denunciation traýs
is now the principal weapon used by upo
those who are ranged on the side of
grasping wealth. There is no epithet, tion
however base, that is not in daily use systi
against all who venture to believe, as is th
I do, that to a great extent our whole sche
financial system is an organized crime cbc
against the laboring, tax paving men tmr
and women of the United States. Thie
great plea of the present hour for the ihe
continuation of the wrong and injus- te
tice is, that good faith requires it.- paid
Those who, finding this monstrous evil it i"
imbedded in the laws of their country men
wish to eradicate it by peaceful legis dlie
lation are at once and with the ut
most fury assaulted as the violators of or
the public faith, the enemies of na tlire
tional honor, and worse if possible ter
than common swindlers. This plea, reso
so loud now in our ears, has been in
voked in behalf of 'every wiekedness pa:
that ever cursed this world. Thie pe
usurper invokes it to protect the thu'
throne lie has stolen, as soon as lihe is
i seated. The tyrant invokesit to shel- doll
ter his perogative, and his nobility in
turn invoke it in order to live with tonj
r. ease and splendor off of the labor of
others. b
Mr. Voorhies reviewed the finan- ec
cial legislation since 1862, and said and
experience had shown the legal ten- bli
der tp be the, best money that ever w
- circulated. Every Government bond p'
which did not on its face stipulate for ye"
payment in coin was made payable by S
the express words of the law in legal tof
tender notes. This enactment gnar- the
anteed to the American people the J:ai
right to pay three-fourths of the na- q"i
tional currency. It was law at the our
contract, when all the 5-20 bonds, tirt
amounting to over $1,500,000 were cou
purchased from the Govornment by cou
the bondholders and paid for in this del
currency at par, when it was quoted gra
at from forty to sixty per cent. below eta
par in coin. Every one understood uDC
the law to be as I have stated it at the
time of its passage. In fact, the great al
struggle then was whether even the me
interest on the bonds which I have
mentioned should be paid in coin. No for
one in the debate made the slightest tit
pretense or intimation that the pliun- an
cipal of the bonds was payable in coin. at
During the full telrm of seven event- 10
-ful years that followed, there is inot aof
platform of either political party in
any State of theUniuon which mnakes l
such an assertion. o
Mr. Voorhies allnded to Secretary gal
,) Sherman's letter of 1868, favoring the pu
payment of the bonds in the same to
kind of money as bought them, and t'
his subsequent action in procuring the or
passage of an act for the payment of
the bonds in coin, which lie said was po
an open repudiatino of a solemn con
tract, and featened an extortion oft not :
less than five hundred million dollars fU
on the staggering industries of the tih
R, country, as the speculative profits of WE
the operation. In the whole flnanhcial th
history of the civilized world, no par
allel can be found to this audacious
deed of broken faith, deliberate trea- fr
i. chery to the people, and national dis-. ce
honesty. It stands out by Itself, tow- t
t- ering high above all cdmmon frauds, d
n- and dwarfing them all in comparison P'
with his owis vast propoitioni. It 8
t will bear the names of tjhoso who en- i
acted it to distant generations ainidst
the groans, curses and lamentations of
those who toil on land and toridsta, 0
.'and more deepl' graven than dty
other name will be tirever foind that "
of the Secretary of the Treasury as
the author of what hlie himself said tl
constituted the two-fold crime of re
padiation and extortion.
Mr. Voorbees, in support of his po- tl
aition, quoted the language 'of Sena- a
U- tor Morton in 1868, as follows: "A a
Combination of stock jobbers iia desti j
tute of consciende as pirates, and in- N
s pied ialone by'the greed of money,
successfully thundered at these doors, a
a'ind firmly deceived this Government U
into the most stupendous act of bad
faith and legalized robbery ever prac
ticed upon any people ;sinceithe dawn
0,00 of history."
He next took up the funding act of l.
1870, charging that it was the off- '
ed spring of an apprehension that the P
Work of repadiating thIe cootract for
the patment of 5-20 bonds might.not
be quite complete. Thus it provided ;
an issue of new coin bondes in the i
place of the original: ones.. The (
amount saved in interest is trifling (
whei compared with the loss by thle a
whole transaction.
ed Mr. VIoorhees then argued that by
lil'eAws of MarTsch, 1869, and ,july,
18%), the bonds outstanding and af
jteL ward to.be issued were payable in
Scoin; not in goldalone, nor in silver
alone; but in coin.' :Hie quoted Mr.
Sherman, in 1800,. as explicitly favor
ing this view.
Mr.' Voorhees commented at some
leigth on the passage of the law of
. eb. 121 1873, which he said doomed
lotd
the dollar of our fathers; and its. en
actment was as coipletely unknownl
to the people, anud indeed to four
fifths of Congress itself, as the pres
ence of a bIurglar in the house at mid
night to its sleeping inlmates. The Thn
silver dollar was eliminated fI'lu our lowiu
money system under cover of false le
pretncuses. tiol,
Mr. Voorlhea proceeded to shllw Servi
that, of the lentire trading and coln- Sion
mercial populations of the earth, nmire 'eg-:
than four times as maniy have chosen Sali
gold and silver together. The labor
ing classes desire Dmoney to Ibe plteti
ful, while thlose who wish to fasten hospi
their idle wealth upon the productions pare
of labor clamor for scarce and dear Thr
money. It wadin the interest of the sta ei
latter power ful 'class that silver was "-an<
' demonetized. glut
lie referred to tile act of January 17 'iit,
1874, for the resum ption of specie Iiuiil
payments, and said tile law of Febru- ten t
ary, 1873, taking away silver money hoSpi
from the peopllie, and the law of Jani- T
ary, 1,475, tixing a day now less than a the 1
year in ldvanlce, hlien greenbacks to co
shall also petIish, are twin in Insters of oppo
evil, orn of tllelsme parenltage, and is no
linked together for the destructionl of will
all money save gold. lie vividly ipor- Tii
trayed the ef'eet of such legislation ticnli
upon business and labor. Aio
Thea speaker next turned his atten- from
tion to nationel banks, and said the toa
system of national baniking now i use town
is the most elaborate and complete nient
scheme for making the people pay to At
tribnte to wealth, in order to obtain a Ali
circulating medium, ever known in Bos0
the financial history of the world.- whol
There is not a dollar in the hands of Iomb
the people oil which they have not the
paid a tax for the privilege of having ,,fu
i it put in eirculation hby the Govern- fsic
mnlet. The national Ilank is the midl d
tile ian between the Government and Adri
the people, and is enormously paid -,ed
ffor doing what the Government ought west
directly to do itself. Oni Oct. I, 1877, is at
there were 2,080 national banks, with unpl
resources anonutilng to X$11,71,000, 00 te
and on these resources the interest i i
r paid by the people was $13,000,000 live
per annutm. to tl
e ir. Voorhees said he represented
those who demanded.
First-The i'estoration of the silver AI
dollar exactly as it stood before it was to
,htoncihed by the act of February, 1873. wi
They desire that it shall have unlimi- )ri'
ted coinage, nit fearing tlhat it will Brit
become too plenty for their wants, lolf
d and that it be made full legal tender, grai
. believing that it is as good now with hbin
which to pay all debts, public and siau
pd private, as it was during eighty-one of r
years of American history. an
Second -The relleal incolnditionally hli
aof the nact f Jan. I1., 1875, compelling
the resumnption of specie payments in T
January, 1579. Holding that the ""
a question of a return to specie basis for vot
(our eurrenicy should be controlled en po
tirely by the business interests of the
re country, they do not believe that the cha
country should be dragged through pol
k depths of ruin, wretchedness and de- iot
d gradation, in order to reach a gold cOi
standard for the benefit alone of the tpi
id income classes.
Third--That the national banking
at system be removed, and a circulating to
he medium provided by the Government sta
ye for the people, without taxing thenm ie
fo for the privilege of obtaining it, and
they ask that the amount thus placed tl,
in ciroulation shall bear a reasonable ai.
Sand judicious proportion to the busi- bet
tness ,'tansactions and the population for
of the United States, oeu
n Fonrth-That the currency author- to
i ised and circulated on thie authority a
of the Government lshall be made le
r gal-tender in payment of all debts, Ti
ie public and private, inecluding all dues
to the Government~, well knowing
Sthatjit will then be at partwith gold,1
ie or more likely at a prenmium over it. Ic
of Fifth-The repeal of thie financial 13
.a policy of the conntry be framed per- y*
manently in their interest; that they ta(
no shall not be discliminated against in Ili
o future legislation, as in the past; and the
the at their i;rospcrity, and Uot the E
of mere growth of income to retire capi- I
ial talists, shall be the plimnary duty of a
arthe Government. sti
Tn I conelusion, Mr. Toorhees quoted
a from arti:les whliich he lhnd noticed in t
s- certain Eastern newspapers in regard be
to the rights of the bondholders, the ra
Sduty of the laboring classes, and the
1 policy that should be pursued by cap
t italists to counteract the effects of an
- ticipated legislation on the silxer
1t question, and said: .. P
"Sir, I have no word of menace to pt
titter on this floor, but in behalf of
every laborer and owner of the soil
wht om I reptesent, I warn all such as of
value their investments, that Wheni
id these doctrines of despotism are in
re- sought to be enforced this fair land I;
e will again be convulsed int ag~ony, id'
the fires of liberty will blae forth
n- again as they did one hunidred years
"A ago in defense of the natual rights of
sti man. [Applause in the galleries.]-
in- May the' wisdom of our fathers and c
thie benignity of our God avert such ft
y, an issue; but if it shall come; if infat- q
r, natin has seized our hearts, tile re- b
stilt will only add otte morre instance t
reto thle long catalogue of human crime P
c and folly, whelre avarice, like anlbi
tion, overleaps itself and it its llnho
t of ly attempt to rob others of thieir pos
off- sessions, loses its own." '[Great al li
the planse in the galleries.]
for .
not What this country yearns f~r now (
ded is a great forger or defaulter, who I
the isn't a pillar of the chinich and Sab
The bath School, hlio dosun belong to thle
fing best society, who isn't eminently re
the spectablt; oveti;whose conviction the
court anl the pulpit will not weep
by mnudliug tears-in, Bhort a sinner who
ly Is actually wicked, it lIest in spots
at'- We are gettIgldk of having to send
he in so miy saits o sif tj7d the peni
ilver tentiary.L-I~x. E
Mr.
Be moderiito amid the holiday temnp
ome tations, yotin mran. One swallow
wm of may'otit make a summer, but it opens
dtit way nto a red hot spree .
FROM EVERYWHERE. 1r
at
EUROPEAN. Ii
et
Peace and War,
The hndepenhdence Blhlge lhas the fol- id
lIviug; special froti Vienna: "Austria, n
like the other powers, considers that tlhe
peace conliditionll require great modifica-;
t aon, as regards the aggrandlizement of
Servia and .moniteneiro ant the retro-es
sion of Iltssarabi:a. Russia's d,.mands inl
reý,ard to in elnity are demed ilnadlmis
a:llei hI,.lse tending tlo perCetuate the'
clpati.,n of inlgaria. Atý,r a foitt
day's hatlt', t' lT'irkis we,:! d.ef .ated Ii ar i1
lHutscharnik by 40,060 Servians. The I
hospitals hler' have bevu ordered to pre
pare for three thousanld w iunnded.
The Tim;nes c'rrespondluitt a't Belgraide
stared that Prince Iial Itenerg, son of Al- I
exander otf Hesse, will ho Uppoiunted re-1
gent of ulgaria. The Times etlorrespoln
dent, le'sieged in Erzerounn, writes uiinder
date of Jan. 15: '"TypliShu is raging; twoI
hlundrelt aid lift " die daily. There are
ten thousand sick and wounded in the e:
The l)Daily News says: We understand c
the opposition lehders will tlmet to-dlay,
to considcr the fortn ill n hich they will li
oppose the supplehn'intary votei. There tl
is no doubt the M ,aiuiis of lartlingtou e
will move a hostile ainendtentit. a
The Turkish goverunment is having dif- tl
ficilty to maintain order in the capiital. fi
Among the ties of thousands of refugees e
fronm lion], t: Ia are miany armed Cireis- t
siais. These have already 1plunderedl the I
towns, and are flocking into Colstauti- ti
inople laden with booty. The gmvern
ment wishes to disarm and sd s them In- e
to Asia. fi
Appaliing aiisery prevails fr'om the .1
SBosphorus to the Gulf of Molnica. Thi p
whole coast is crowded with terrilied Ma
homnadans, seeking transportation across
the straits. hundlreds are perishinug I
from cold, lounger and exhanstion, anld no
succr is lpossible uniit i the panic anud con- C
fusion in the capital is abated. t
The concenutration of the Russians at
Adrianople coutinutes. Scouts have arri
ved near Chartu, about seventy miles
west of Conustan: inople. Shleimaun Pasha
is at Blantain, Mehuanet Ali at Constanti
uople, but rieturns to i'hatatja immedi
ately. There are ten British iron clads
in Besaka Bay. The Egyptian garrison
1ats evacuated Bazardjik, about twenty
sive miles north of Varna, and retreatt.d
to the latter place.
aENGLAND. t,
Additional correspondence in relative '
to the Eastern question is published, °i
which contains the following: Lord 1P)
Derby, telegraphing to Lord Loftus, the ti
British ambassador at St. Petersburg, on c:
January 24, states that Count Sehonva-.
lolf that afternoon communicated a tele- tt
grazii to Prince Uortschakoff, authorizing C(
him to atfirm categorically that the Runs- I
sian government considered the passage ni
of men-of-war through the )ardanelles tl
and Hiosphor. s a l ,rolan question, ti
which they did not intand to settle byl
themselves. A
The Plress Association nlderstands that .
upon anolUncllcuicent the government
would consider the money vote to be a
vote of confidence. Lords -Granville, Ri-i
pon and Kimlerley, and some of the op- tl
position will accept the government's ts
3 challenge and arraign its whole Eastern
policy. Lord Harlington proposed post
ponucmeut of debate so as to give the
conttry an opportunity to express its
opinion in the lobby. It is expected that
the debate will occupy four nights. a
In the IHouse of Commons, Hon. Robt. 11
Bourke, under-foreign secretary, in reply b
to a question said: Crete is not in a c
state .f insurrection, but is mauch disttr- n
bed.
Sir Stafford Northcote, chancellor of n
the excleqnuer, in response to an inquiry, I
e said he had no knowledge of an alliance
between Russia,. Germany and Aust ia
1 for the partition of Turkey. Regarding I
one of these powers, he has strong reason
to doubt that it has entered into any alli
Ia lee.
MIEXICO.
The Greasers Treated to A Dose of
S' Their Own Medicine,
i talheýitoa, Jan.29. - The News's Laredo
' special says: "A report has reached
here that a party of lifty'Mexicans, most
i ly from Texas, under the command of Col
Y. Salinas, an adherent of Lerado, at.
y tacked the towns of Candela, Savinas and
n Hidalgo, in thq State of Tamaulipa.s, .un
d the 22d inst. vThey seized the prinlcipal
e men of these townt and forced them to
. pay $iO)0O, So rapid twere their move
f mnients that the inhabitants thought .there
were three separate parties. Cavalry
- started in pursunit of them from different
" points, upon which they separated and
n twent3y of the band crossed into Texas,
rd below- Liredo, last night. It is said. the
ce raid was plapled at this place.
e I r EW ORLEANS.
Trial of Anderson. I'
'w tw O:L:vAs Jan. 29. -At a qtiarter an
past eigfhtf i'iiidTiis8 turor. was em- 1u
I panelod,:rhen ftlt? jtlry 'wais iocked up
for t he. night, Auderson renLanded tb the rti
parish prison and the court adjourned F
bontiltrt mnintow. The jury is composed| rt
of ten wliites anltwo Colored men. The di
coloreld pu are ,oung and comparatively 2
e inteltigcnt nmtlatocs, who st Lted they
1 had Ycver: taken any parts in polit.ics. tr
I Bill of exceptions' was taken y defense. sl
b when Judge Whitaker e'penusd a eoldred "
• brieklayer from jury ditty whom defense I
would have accepted us a jlnrythsin.
There were also a number of bills Hof 'ex- I
eeptious taken, to the court's rulings in c
cases wherejurors hail stated they had a
I formed, an opinion, which it would re
quire cousidecable testimo' y to remove,
,t'bit belg ijpistioned by counsel sitated
e they could go on and try the case it.
e partially, notwithstididiig -their pre
viously formed opinion.. In the case of a
conviction tie case would' go to the 'u
premne Court on.a large nunber of ec
eeptions. The followingu jurors were ent
p aeled : G. 1. Bailey, jr.,,J. K. Bailey,
. E. auley, E,,W. rclre'ek, J. K, Me
nanh, W. . P. donverse, jr., R. Dunestre,
C. Bo-le, Jer'nlmah Lincoln, Janmes Prince
S(Olored) L. 1. lbnutplaisir, (colored)
0o Richard Murphy.
- 'New-Orleans, Jan. 30,-At the evening
Ie session Thomas Franklin, supervisor of
a registration of Vernon parish, testitied
e after, idetif.ing the;returns shown him
-to oe' alteration ma5lo after he had
I' signed thedm. That only at poll No. 8
were any Republican voter' east and
te. there were ,oaly two for setae, of the
id Hayes electorq, several oi them receiv
i. Ing'ti ne at All.'" Lookirig ovor the re
tur.ns trat poll, No. the voats were al
tered, in giving-,eatelhiae elector 97
votes, ý;while thqluid,t'eeived none, and
this after e lad saiued the returns. In
the'cbntiltdated turn 'of afl the votes
cast in the parish,;where the Repnblican
ne electors had received two votes, 178 were'
given to Kellogg, Buirch and Joseph, and
1'rJ 14) ioar U'l, lcllUi, .lilll'lll ihu , IrMtV$ I"
anid Lev isie. The iltiiorattic electolrs
had received 917 votes which was alter
ed It 4i;9 votes.
At 9 o'clock itolrt adjourned until to
liiorlrol, wheni \itnless will be ralll
mlain.
New Orleans, , Jan. 31.- Anderson's
trial resiililued. Attorney Generail Ogdai., .
and11 Assistallt Attornicy (eneral Eg1n 11ri,'
thei State ,John lRay, H. ('astellar<
Ianld 1 Noithl Cu'lu, for deltinse. Frank
lilt, superinteh dnt of regisltation of
Vernon parish wasl recalled., lie Raid
r that all other alterations on the consolil
idated stltemenllll t Iesihdes 1 i' I rel tic ,to
pi'irsidential electors, 'iwas at olil4 twoi and
lpoll cliiine. All the votes east at uoll tw%,
,were' for costitultional IundllmelllUlIts
There wire 1none against theist. ?ethriiils
prroucled ill court shlowted ninety-ceight
vote agalinst ithe ilieudndliients at poll 9.
As to the alilndliitehts a similar ehAlnge
of 8t1 votes llade whenii the entire vote'
was for the amendmenllts. Franklin tes
tilied that the return hl tfirwarded show
ed that Elam, for congress, and N'icholin
anld other conservativYes candlidlates for
State oflicers, received thi euntire vote
1 cast at 1poll 2. The return in court
shows ninety-svecn votes for the Ielpub
I lican canldiliates for the same offilcers at
' that poll. lhe said the record .has been
Ii changed ill the second and ninel polls,
andl the total aiiount of votes c;ast TI
- total for electors hall\e leen changed as
i. follows : The l)einocratic elcelors receiv
s ed 6417 votes ; the Rephublican total was
. two anld also for mnembers of congress,
e Elim 619 and one for Smith. These
Iigures. have bleent chaliged.
i By M1r. Caitellanos-The information
charges that 394 votes Were deducted
from the Tilden electors, and you have
e the counolidated returns. Will- you
e please explainll ow this is I
t- Answer I really call't say.
,s Cross-examined by Mr. lay--I com
pg lied with all the reqlliirernellts of the
o law in that election; I appoinll tedl the
1- comnlissi i(nrs of elect ion. There were
ten polling plaihces in that parish ; there
t was list retulll'lrned to the of all the votes
i -a tally sheet and statement, showing
the votes cast for each candillate.
S Being asked whether he had observed
the act of 1875 in appllointing corumi.s
sioiners, lie asked CoInIsel to read the. law
is to him. After being read to him hi aln
)11 icered yes. I didl not complly with the
V_ law in appointing replresentatives ftOl
dilterent political parties, biecinuse there
were none. I ant satistied that thilere are
sixty or seventy registered colored vo
t< rs in the parish. I don't think there
e were more amongst that nunlber; I could
it, not find ten; I did not appoint iny Re
.lldieublican or colored commissioner of elc
lie tions. There were two republllinll otes
cln cast. It was the second, day after the
,n. election that I madei oult thll consolila
le- ted returns. I was assisted l!y" two of the
g commliissioners: my iLssistilits didI the wlri
i h ting; I signed il< afier it was revised by
ge nme. I don't think I compardllulll it with
les the tall sheets before- siglinig. I did
ln not mail it froml the seat of Vernon par
isll, but thought it safe to mail it fronl
Alexandria. I enclosed a stateiiient with
the returnl which I mailed to o the board
ot of returning officers. Senator Texada
twas plirsent at the time it was mailed. I
a forwarded to the returning board two
i- consolidated returns; the other was sent
tP through Seniator Texada by hand lnd
they corresponded. A statement acccli
a panied this return made by me of ten
e votes cast at-poll No. 1.L There was no
its protest at the election whatever. I did
not eonlmply with the law in sending:,thc
tat tally sheet with the returns. When I
arrived at Alexandria I found that I did
bt. not understand the law.. I thes copied
ply off a tally sheet and seintIt with a dnpli
i catte of retlrns by' Mr Tetailit: :f ronl
yr- muy construction o1 tile law, I thought it
advisable to send a duplicate antd state.
of went by Mr. Texad:i and iot by mail,
ry, because I deemed it stfeist.'
le li-examied .by Assistalnt Mttoraoy
in Geinral Eginil-beiln showni thle dlcu
illlng ient Wiitlness slid this is thd 'staQitthilent
$on sent by mue acpainlying tiLe retturns.
Ili. Mr. E1gu othired thin stittenimit it evi
deince ind !read sonile it, belig a repoiri.
ifroi wituo&s to Michael Hm; dastat6i'g
istrar of voters showing thlitt ilgaZl.votes
o were cast and ten other vytcq o11 optifi
catesofT , . .2 " '
Hen. TeriIa, called, by ti- strate aidu
edo testilled 'to the docnninClt beug sllPwii.
Ied This looks like a locumelit I first icr* at
ast- iy Ihollse tln'se illaliAfiitl iides . Thei
Col fiiures are not the same; I erlcas4'thi1doe
atr ulient sealedl ulp and.pllit !.i!tp slgf$iee
snd at Alexaidrlia the c'li:iiage is the lilures
Dii 97, thllich were blalks, llsad 'guitiriil,to
aHalyee elector; I see 17~.t'or IPeIr Jwpphll,
to when it shoulid be two, As to the De -
e- erstic electors, so fiar ai- i:iun',rilhi"li e
er Tilden vlectors were nl'arked 647' "otes;
iry the only alteratiolns allr at ,tMl1. '2 sil-9.
iit A sealed paekago was Adevcred to hiim
aid by the mail carrier statintlg tht i') was i
s1, copy 'of consolidated ret u~lis ;.Ai. tfi
the sheets. I brought tliem to the city and
handed themni to lj, E." .'A .'uile;' Who
sent thbul to the esecretrySof statel'at ilice.
Cross exanlined by Mr. C astee!oula-l I
live ftirty-five miles' frm thi Aent of V&r
rternou paril; tlSthilpaciage wasi delivered to
em- me early in the muorning.
up J:' l h MGliee, clerk of supervisor o!
the rogidttation of Velah6i llarishl;, anid John
:nd Fir-aikli,; nson of the sulervisor, corroIo
sed raited the statements of the laitter regar
The dilig nalterntl is i retuirns frolom polls No.
vely l and 9 anl total retlros. -
they .Seeetary of state Stroung produce# the
ics. talimilated returns of Vrion ipalrishl andl a
uso. stattiuet tigilned by acculsed (Andlid'ln)
dred vwhich contain thle forged OgnltRih .Dr.
reuse Isaac L. Cramer, a prominenit ,ptlysician,
ijlln. ilnd Mi¶. JohU Diglhias, eIgirllgifr, as e,
Sex- perth explained the alteraitions anid the
go in clnhrsy mlanner ili which the ilhe alndl
hIad aso the erasnues were doute, to the'jutry.
/1n
ThIq Moffett Register, .,
A hill proposing to adopt tic. - Mof
fett register Rsaem t 6f iniidg liquor
dealers in this Statea ib{ieen prpp'
Ssed in our Legislature by Umn..:RU W
W :ilde of Xew Orleans. Tills Ayst oe'
has been iu optiition in' V'irhiiif To
some time, il hla giveni uunIl at
ftsilctibn to the. people of that State.
VWe trest it will -become a law;'asilth
present license system ti very "'luiht
isfactory, and besides, wq JweHevs,
i that the register s ster wonl, reduce
1 the liquor traffic to . casit Faaqis, ,guc
SIn t1hi waswy, calrtail its use toa cp,gid
etable extept, by reducing the, astlgter
1 of placesJ.i..Mlai4.-e h.be sold. Th 1
7 bill before the Legislaturnis abot thl,
same as that in elttect in tlret Statq ,'
n Virginia, and provides for a tax. or
s two oand a hlif cet o'nn nacli dribk.-.
I Should there he any plrobahilility off ii
I becomiiig a lnw, we will publish the
d bill in fuli.-Ex.