VICIE S
FLORAL GUIDE
Por 18753.
PUBLI SHIED QUARTERLY. JANUA
Sry Number just issued, and contains
over 100 Pages, 00 Engraving, desrip
tiils of more t han 500 of our host Fl'l,w
cr.~n an l 1cgleth'les. with dire'tioons for uli
tnr... Col;r'el P'lat-, etc. The lo:dt use
ful and il',:,:t wor~rk of the kind in the
wor!l. O:ly 2.5 cenlts for the year. Pub
lished in English and Girmagn.
Atltdr.ss, JAMEl VICIE,
Jan. 1-ly. Rochester, N. Y.
TIEl IILUST'RATED
WITHI W ICH IS INCORPORATED
It is the intention of the codneltors of
this "Ma:1!azi;ie to, still fuirther in',ke it a
model of liiterary and meia:&hic'al excel
lettce, and. with this view. no advantage
will be nlegitleed whiich either talent or
capital can counlandl to r1nder eiach is
sue :n agreeable and instructive colpeln
dium of
POPULAR READINO.
Its pages will be devoted to popular
literature, scilence, art, .sdue:ation andl so
cial development. Its characteristic fi-~
till' I, coillpehnsi nVIllenesi ''he iumln
Scriplts now oni Ihlti, and others e|peciat -
ly tlngigge:l, ellbrace l Inusually att ';rac'
tive list of Descriptive Sk.'tcIes of'l'rav
el, Serial Stories, T'l' s Poems, Papers on
Science and Art, Poiular Essays, Narr.a
tives, Literary Criticisns, Fashions, etc.,
together with a v;ariie y of able, and in
teresting articles upon1 thc Ilmportant
Questions of the Ilsy. A large prolpor
tion of the articles, es peially those dtis
criptive of travel, will ,he
PROFUSELY ILLIUSTRATED.
The pictorial embelliishments of the
Magazine hereafter constituting one of
its most attractive features.
The purpose ,.f the PubLlishers( is to fur
nish a periodical whiah shall he instrue
tive in The Household, The Library iaitd
The Reading Room, giving an aunldance
of entertaining and popular literature
and information for both.old and young,
carrying light, comfort and good nature
into every family, and making it accep
ta'dl for the whole Household-father
and mother, boys a'id girls, young men
and young women.
The Illustrated Hosehold Magazine
includes several Distinct Departments,
each under competent and efficient. man
agement, viz:
1. Sketches-consisting of Descriptions
of Travel and Adventure, Serial Stories,
Tales and Narratives, lavishly and ap
propriately illustrated.
2. Miscellany-made up pf brilliant ex
tracts from new books, highly entertain
ing sketches of notable persons and
things from the best Foreign Publica
tious, Poems and Papers on Science and
Art.
3. Editorial Department-in which is
given brilliant essays upon a wide range
of subjects; social topics discussed and
current incidents and doings glanced at.
4. Fashion Department-containing. a
resume of the Paris, London and New
York Fashions, illustrated with engra
vings of the latest styles.
5: Literary Notes-devoted to reviews
and criticisms of new books and general
information.
6. Children's Department-furnishing
instruction and entertainment to the
Boys and Girls, and those older people
who have young hearts. It is embelish
ed with high class illustrations of
Natural History, Wonderful Scenery and
rare incidents.
7. Housekeeper's Department - conm
prising information and recipes, many of
which are original and published for the
first time, all collected from the most
authentic sources.
It will be the constant aim of he
Household Publishing Company to make
THE ILLUSTRATED HOUSEHOLD
MAGZINE in the future, as Wood's
Household Magazine has been in the
past,
THE BEST DOLLAR MONTHLY PUB
LISHED,
sparing neither effort, trouble nor ex
pense in securing the Best Writers as
contributors, and the Best Artists to pro
duce illustrations to enrich its pages.
AGENTS WANTED.
We require a good, faithful Agent in
every town throughout the United States
and Canda. who will earnestly engage in
the business ,of procuring snubscribelrs
not for a few days or a month only. but
permanently-with a finrm determination
to ennvass thoiouglly and carefully the
entire field selected, improving every op.
portnnity to realize all that can possibly
be made from the introdnetion of-the
Magazine.
Our Premium and Clubbing Lists
offer great inducements for working in
our behalf. Schools and Churhes have
here an nnusual opportunity to procure
Musical Iustruments from the best mnan
ufactnerrs, with comparatively slight
exertions. Artisans, Professional Men
and Stnudents may gratify their literary
tastes by onrdering from the Clubbing
List. Children may earn and own many
long desired articles by obtaining the
few subacribers required.
TERMS:
YEABLY SUBB~OilPTION $1.00.
Specimen Copies mailed, post-paid, to
any address upon. receipt of Ten Cents.
The postage within the United Sttes
is Ten Cents a year, which must be for
warded with the subscription, as the
new Postal Law requiring the prepay
ment of all magazines by publishers
themselves, instead of subscribers, com:
pels us to collect the postage in advance.
Send for Circularls containing 'rates of
commission and inducements to canvas
sers, and the Premium and Clubbiug
Lists.
THE YOSEMITE VALLEY.
We continue to offer this celebrated
Oil Chromo in connection with the 11
Instrated Household Magazine, furnish
ing them to our subscribers upon the
following very generous terms:
With Mounted Ohromo, *2.00. Un
mounted O(iJomo, $1.50.
The Mouunoted Chromo is delivered at
our oflee, or by canvassers, or boxed and
sent by express at subecriber's expense.
or sent by mail 'upon receipt of Tweuty
Cents extra for postage. The Unmount
ed Chromo is sent free by mail.
All communications must be addressed
HOUSEHOLD PUBLISHING CO.,
41 Park Row, Netw York.
TI[LL
Peopl 's Vi a tiicalor,
FOR 1875.
WV take pleasure in announcingl to the
nmnumrou. friends of they VINI)ICTOK,
that we have pelrfeieted arrangements fot
thel continuation ,of its publieatiou ulpon
a firm lesis. 'ThIe public are well aware
of the ditiicnltics under which the Con
erivative pjress of Louisiana; i;,abor; the
inamounis printing law nassed by a plarti
sat Legicilature. solely to foster and up
holl, at tie' 'expense of the tax-p;aye'is.
joural.4 entirely antaganistical to their
interest. anlc at war upon their lib rties.
and Iy forci:ig, ulder the firms of law.
our citizens to advertise in these otlicial
ipapers, to bereak down their power, the
Cooservative' and Democratie' press ; con
eequently we are compelled to elepe,.nl
for support uplon the geeieroI s contribl
tion of a p' eople already poverty-st riketn.
buat we feel ai.!le'd that they wt l lnt
fail to saust:aiin their main power in the'
waur of virtue, agai.nst vito
The Fearless n'hits Nan's Press of
l lnisilllia.
Thie. ftiliare tone of this paper can he
jcged friemn its past. We will continue
to advvc.ate' to sscceess, the righll of the
TA.XEI. that hoIcerty anid capablility,
ALONE, shall cens itute grounds for 'po
litieal prefi'elrment, and as centinued and
neve i war easing on Kelloegg and his
corrupt olieieils-k owing them to be in
C(cllllol with their Chief; !, etl usnrpejrc
ami thieves.
We cacta assure the pllblie tohat we will
not hesitate to ftt:ack tl;e ants of any po
litical orlgantiz:iin, wihen we ielieve
them to he antagnfistic to public good.
'e, are the servact of no clique or party,
and intend s'l ely to protect and defllnd
the' rights aend liberties, in our honest
w":y, of the whole' people-beliehvieg that
we have l docee suichieent service in the
cau1se' of the PEOPLE in thee past, we
onftidcntly exp'ect their support in the
future.
TERMS:
1 Copy I year...................... 1
1 " G mos......................... .
(Invariably in advance.)
We furnish as a premium to each paid
up stlubscrihber, flt one year from the first
of January. a fine STEEL ENGRAVING,
190;'4.; inches, of almost any Hlistorical
subject.
JAb. II. COSGROVE,
Editor.
PELLI & AREAUX,
Pub'ishelrs.
THE BEST PAPER. TRY IT.
POSTAGE FREE
Beautifully Illustrated.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN now in
its 30th Vyear, enjoys the widest circula.
tion of any weekly newspaper of the kind
in the world. A new volume.codmmneuevu
January 4, 1875.
Its contents embrace the latest and most
interesting infirmation pertaining to the
Industrial, Mechanical, and Scientifie Pro
gress of tit Weorlel ; Dscriptions, with
Beantiful Engravings, oft New Inventions,
New Process ,s, and Imlproved Industries
of all kinds; Useful Notes, Recipes. Sug
gestionls and Advice, by Practical Writers.
for Workmen and Employers. in all the
various arts.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN is the
cheapest and best illustrated weekly pa
per lublished.. Every nnnubler cont;aine
fr'om 10 to 15 original engr.evings of ne.w
machinery and novel inventiocs
ENGRAVI' OGS, illustrating Improve
ments, Discoveries, and Importan t Works,
pertaining to Civil acd 'Mechanica Engi
neering, Milling: Mining and Metallurgy
Records of the latest progress in the Ap
plications of Steam, Steam Engineering,
Railways. Ship Building, Navigationa.
Telegraphy, Telegraph Engineerineg, Elec
tricity, Magnetism, Light and Heat.
FARMERS, Mechanics. Engineers,
Inventdrs, Mannfacturers. Chencists, Lov
ers of Science, Teachers, Clercgymen, Law
yers, and People of all Protfessions, will
find the SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN userful to
them. It should have a place in' every
Family, Library, Study, oftice, and Count
ing Room; in every Readicg Room,
College, Aedademy or School.
A year's numbe a contain 832 pages and
SEVERAL hUNDRED ENOR.VIXeS Thou
sands of volcumes are perserved foer bind
ing ani reference. The practical receipts
are well worth ten times the subscription
i-'ice. Termns $3 20 a tyear' by mail, in
cluding postage.IDisc.unut to Clubs aspe
cimens sent fr'ee.'May be had of all News
Dealers.
PAT ~ ENTS. h, cneth with
P A i thT e SCI EN TIF tC
AMERICAN, MeI'sr. MITNN. & Co. are
Solictors of American aed Foreign Patents,
and have the largestesthlishncent in the
world More than fifty thousandl applic.e
tiocs have been made for patents through
thecir agency.
Patents are obltaineel on the best terms
Melels of New inventions aid sketches
examinedl acnd advice tree. A special
notice is made in the Scientific American
of all Inventions Patented throigh this
Agency, withl the name and resielent of
the lPatentee. Patents are often sold in
part or whole, to perseus attracted to the
invention by sellh notice. Send for
Pamphlet, I10 li)pges, laws and full di
rections for obtaining Patents.
Addres4 for the Paper, or concerning
Patents, MUNN & Co., 37 Park Row
' Y. Braeh OffiCe, cor. F ani 7th 8ts.t
Washinton, D C.
Jany 11875.--lvS y
em-nployxnent-Men,
women and agents, w\k: have just what
you need Our x11 iMountedl . Chronos
outsell iaything in the market. Mr. Per
sons.write: "I.struek out ,vesterflay, and
by working easy fouir heurs, cleared $7."
A lady has just .reported her profits for
the forenoon as $5; yesterday up to 2
o'clhmk she cleared .$7 50. We can prove
beyond question that one agent ordered
5, 600 of these chromos in eleveu work
ing days. We have the largest and finest
assortment in tihe United States; hun
dreds of choice subjects from which to
select. We will send you an assorted 100
of the lest selling free of charge oc ro
ceipts of $6 50. Send in your orders or
give us a call. Samples by mail 25c., or
12 for $1.
BOiTON FRAMlE AND CHROMO CO.
292 Washington St., Boston, Mass.
P. O. Box 2662.
1 Get your printing done at
the VNmICATO Job Otffice.
URY
tINt'a;.All i l r it : ti: e ntin nr;t "\W el.r
fill lIvi. ora;t t; t :t *'"er e,stained
the silkig ,y.tema.
No Persu e::l : t h':t' 1 hro it.
tes acCor:'dlill to dtlirt'ti'i. tand re
main lln i un!1wl. Ilrvided th[,ir
bones are slut destrntyed ky mli'ral
)lpoison (1r itlif meall'. ti! and vital oIr
lLilio , ie'mit:teit, andl In
tePliflittnlit Fev'ers. which are so
trevalenit in the vallerys i ui Teati
it'virs h t llitClit the U it-,dI Stctesi
tos.e of the .111:issippi,
Ohio, Missouri, iliiinoi, 'Te!inntssee,
Ci herhiul, Ark:t. as, Rled, ('olo
ra'lo, Ikrazo)s, lio) Granlde, Pearl,
AhaX)humilit. Mobile, Satvaunnah. lo
t'l(uie, Jaltit . ta llml 1, OII other".
With their v;at tributa.ries. through
out ourl' entire countlIrvy dlrntg the
umiinlter n1 I1( Ant unin. al!nd re.;arka
,1v So dul'ring sea.'):1." of UIIn':Itsu d
heat anti dr'vness, are insvariaibl' w
copanlllied i)by exte:ive ll'iderange
liclnts of the Stolllach tand liver, and
other abl, til :I, vi:eira. Ill their
tre:Itrnut, a ;a'rg:ttive, exerting a
pow\'erfut iniblet'it e ipl':! the,' vari
')lS  ;,i s. iS es.I'5 l tiLi V tIt'e",sa rv.
'l'There is no cathartic ftir the1 pll 'pose
equal to')R. .1. W' .;::tt's VLN .:tt
i;r'i :Iis,, as taet will sIe'dily remove
thl (hurk-col!oed viid uatlutter with whi.h
the bowel, rts Ir loaded. at the ,amie time
stimulating the sereti)ons of the liver.
and generally rIstoriii. the ht'althy tiunt
tions of the digestive Iga: s.
Fortify the body against dis
ease by puri'yiing all its fluids with
VIo.l\a ii eirr' i ts. No epidemic can
take hold of a system thus flre-airuid.
Dyspepsia or Indigestion, iea
ache, Pain in the Shoulders. Coughs.
'Tightness of the Chest. D)iziitess. Sour
lErutctations. of the Stomath. Badl 'Tate
in the Month, Bilious AttAeks. Palpita
tion of the 11eart, Inflamnmation of the
Lungs, Pain in the region of the K idneys,
and a hunltdred other painjful s ylpitomus,
are the oflspri:gs i" l)y>:pi.lia. One bt.
tle will prove a better riMrantee of its
minerits than a hlniigthy aodverti.enut.
Scrofiula, or King's Evil, whdto
Swellings, Ulcers. Erysipelas. Swelled
Neek, gloitre. Scrofulous It iloiantioitus.
Indolent Iiiulaninuation,,. Mercurial at1ec
tions, Oldhi Sores, Eruptions of the Skin.
Sore Eves. etc. In these, as in all other
constitutioial l)ieases, WALKiER's V IN
E(.A i ItI' rtERS have shown their great (Ir
ative lpowers in the llmost o-.Li:ate aid
intractable caess.
For Inflamiiatory and Chronic
lleultmaatisill, Gout, Hiliouts, Remit
tent and Interniittent Fevers. l)iseae
of the Blood, Liver, Kidneys and hadle..
these Bitters have no equal. Such li.
eases are caused by Vitiated Blood.
Mechanical Diieases.-Personts
engaged in Paints and Minerals, such as
Phl unbers, Type- etters. Uotld-beaters aid
Miners, as they advaniEe in life. are sub
jeet to paralysis of the ,owels;. 'r ,_,!irf.
against this, tlke a dose (o' WALKi.,S
V INEGAR HITTIEIRS 000910- 1.iml,'
For Skin Diseases, k:urption.,
Tetter, Salt- hIiom. ,lotchlis. Spots. Ii,
pIes, Pustule., Boils, Carbunees. linar
worms, Scald-head, S%'e lve,. kEr,'il,
las. Itch, oSeri. iiseolor'atiols of the
Skin, Humors and liseases Ef the Skin of
whbtever name or nature, are literally
dug up and carried ot of the s.ystem in a
short time by the use of these iitters.
Pin, Tape, and other Worms,
lurking in the system of so many thou
-anuds, are eflii('tuallyu destroyed and re
moved. No system o' medicine, no ver
mifuges. no anthelminities will free the
s,-stemn from worms like these Bitters.
'or FemidaleComplaints, in young.
or old, married or single, at the dawn El'
womanhood, or the tu "n of life. these Ton
ic Bitters disphly so d(eided an intluence
that improvement is soon perceptiihe.
Cleanse the Vitiated Blood
whenever you find its impurities bursting
through the skin in Pimples, Eruptions,
or Sores; eleanse it when you lind it ob
structed atid sluggish in the veins; cleanse
it when it is foul; your ftelings will tell
you when. Keep the bhlo pure, and the
health of the system will follow.
R. ll. iiteDON,,LD & CO.,
DvujrugDust & Gen. Ats... Sn Franci.,co. Califor
nia. & cor. of W'tshingon ll ,nilharltoll Sis.. N.Y
Mold by alil ruggisti tald Deatler,.
Dr. J, Walker's' California
Vinegar Bitters ate a purely Veg
stable preparation, made chiefly from
the native herbs fOUnd on the lower
ranges of the Sierra Nevada moun
tain~ of California, the medicinal
properties of which are extracted
therefrom without the use of Alcohol.
The qtestion is almost daily asked,
" What' isthe cause of the unpar
alleled success of VINEGAR BmI
rTEs f" Our answer is, that they
remove the cause of disese, and
the patient recovers hi~ health. They
are the great blood purifier and a
life-giving principle; .a perfect Reno
vator 'ind Invigorator of the system.
Never before in the history of the world
has a medicine been compounded pos
sessing the remarkable qualities of Vs
ROAR BrnTTRS in healing the sick of
every disease man is heir to. They are
a gentle Purgative as well as a Tonic.
relieving Congestion or Inflammation of
the Liver and Visceral Organs, in Bilious
Diseases.
The properties of DR. WALK
ER'S VINEGAR l"l-rn'as are Aperient. Dia
phoretic, Carminative, Nutritious, Laxa
tire, Diuretic. Sedative. Counter-irritant,
Sudorific, Alterative, and Anti-Bilious.
W atEted.o- We will give
energetic me:! an women
Business that will Pay
from $4 to $8 per day, can be procured
in your own neighborbood,, and is strict
ly honorable. Partkularefree; or samples
worth several dollars that will enable
you togo to work at once, will be sent
no receipt of rifty cents.
Address J. LATFHAM & CO..
292 Washington St., Boston, Mass.
JOB OFFICE.
ALL KINDS OF
JOB PRINTING
EXECUTED t.WITH
Notness and Dispatch.
POSTERS,
IHAND BILLS,
C1RTCULARS,
WEDDING and BALL TICKETS,
1CA RD S
-AND
BLA(KS
Of Every Description
Printed at Reasonable Rates.
IT Persons doesirons of having Jon
PrniTINGo done neatly, expeditiously and
cheap are invited to oall at the omlceof
tho "Vn~DI.ncATon."
PI'OSI IVELY -NO Cf(.U138.
rheo DANIURT ecws.
FOR 1874.
Containing every week .'OlT'rY CO.
U1 L ofi choice radiliig hnat
ter, 1printed oa clear, hand
81loe tvipe, and tine
whi e paper
SlIE NEWS is edite.d hv the lanlhi
r'y News Man: is contriluted to hy
George Allred 'i,wns.nid, tihe chief of!
Newe,;laper C'or'respoºldenls, and ether
excellent writers. who will fr nis.h fresh
corresplondence froim the 1 'leading citii s,
a1l colntributhe to he .edlitoriai.l co,Ilutiis.
The NE'WSA has its own Sci;tntific.
Feshion, Chess a: d 'Puzzle editors.: prl- I
lishes the best original matter, thle lest t
miscellhtany, and tlhe freshest anel best
miscellany, :and the tfreshest a1,! best
stories. In all its departliment:st it is
edited with scrupulous care, andI is, in
col:siq',ln,.e one of the best Family
Journatls plulished. Stamnpile Copies free
--send for one.
TERMS; OF SLUBSCRIPTION:
One Year ................ .......$2.00
Spdcial rates' l Postmasters all eclubs.
BAILEY & DONOVAN,
Danbury; Conn.
Ayer's
Sarsaparilla
Is widely known
as one of the most
effectual reme
dies ever discov
ered fobr cleans
ing the system
and purif'iTig the
blood. It has
stood the test of
years, with a con
stantly growing
reputation,.based on its intrinsic virtues,
and sustained by its remarkable cures.
So mild as to be safe and beneficial to
children, and yet so searching as to
effectually purge et the great corrup
tions of the blood, such as the scrof
ulous and syphilitic contamination.
Impurities or dis.ases that have lurked
in the system for years soon yield to
this powerfuil antidote, and disappear.
HIence its wonderful cures, many of
which are publicly known, of Scrofilla,
and all scrofilous diseases, Ulcers,
Eruptions, and eruptive disorders of
the skin. Tumors, Blotches, Boils,
Pimples, Pustules, Sores, St.
Anthony's Fire, Rose or Ery
sipelas. Tetter, Salt Rheunm,
Scald Head, Ringworm. and in
ternal Ulcerations of the Uterus,
Stomach. and Liver. It also cures
other complaints, to which it would not
seem especially adapted, such as I)rop
sy, Dyspepita, Fits, Neuralgia,
Heart Disease, Female Weak
ness, Debility, and Leucorrhaea,
when they are manifestations of the
scrofulous poisons.
It is an excellent restorer of health
and strength in the Spring. By renew
ing the appetite and vigor of tlhe dires
tive organs, it dissipates the depression
and listless languor of the season.
Even where no disorder appears, people
feel better, and live longer, for cleasing
the blood. The system moves on with
renewed rigor and a new lease of liii.
PBRPARED Sr
.Dr. . C. AYER & CO., Lowell, Mas.,
Pelmef emn Asmelvfdt Cemusdss.
o101 IT AiL DUGOIaTI EIEZtTWiRIU.
.Ayer's Ague Cure,
For Fever and Ague Intermittent Fe
ver, COhill Fever, Bemittent Fever,
Dumb Ague, Periodical or Bilion( FPe
ver, o.,and indeed all t rhe aeations
whih arise from malarious, marsh, or
miasmatic poisona.
No one remedy is louender
called for by the necessities
of the American people than
a sullre dal safe cure for
Fever and Aus.. Such
we are now enabled to offer,
with a perfect certainty that
it will eradlicate the disease, anst with assu
. anco, rfondeld on proof, that no hars can
arise from its use in ary quantity.
That which protects from or prevents this
disorder lmust be of immense service in the
colnltlnities wllere It prevails. I'rerntioa
is better than cure; for the patient escapes the
risk which he mnut run in violent attacks of
this baleful distemper. This " Cvur" expels
the minsmnatic poison of iever usadl Age
from thq system, and prevents tihe develop.
meont of the disease, if taken on the first
approach of its premonitory symptoms. A
great supeorority of this remedy over any
other ever discovered for the speedy and cer-r
tain cure of Intermittents is, that it contains
no Quinine or mineral; eonsequently it pro
duces nlo qiiisnm or other flujurious effects
whatever upon the coi:stitution. Those cured
by it are left as healthy as if they had nover
had the disease.
Fever andi Acn is not alone the eon
sequence of thle tnizellatic poison. A greiat
variety of disordlers arise from its irritation,
among which are Neurtlgl , lhemama.
slae, Seot, Ieada che, llnd.reu,
Teetheelsh, Earaeche,Catargh, Asel.
ma, ralpitattpmi Palntful Attrction
-f sh Spleen, UIystereIs, Pain Ia she
-owels. Celic, Para!ysta, and derange.
ment of the Stomach, all of whlich, when
originating in th:is cause, put on the inter
mittent type, or become periilical. This
'"CU(E" exols the p'oison fom tile blood,
and consequtnetly cures them all alike. It is
an invalnable Protection to ienmigrants and
persons travelling or temporarily residing in
the malarions districts. If taken occasion
ally or dilly while exposedto the infection,
that will be exeretedl from the system, and
cannot accnumuhlte in stircient quantity to
ripen into disease. Hlence it is even more
valuable for protection thae cure; and few
will ever suffer from Intermittents if they
avail themselves of the protection this rem.
edy affords.
For Livtr Complaints, arising from torpid. ,
Ity of the Liver, it is an excellent remedly,
stlmulating the Liver into healthy activity,
aid prodneing many tnruly renmarkable cures,
where other medicines fail.
PREPARED ar
Dr. 1. C. AYEVR & CO., Lowell, Mass.,
Practiedl a.d Ael~ttela ChemCnists,
LaD SOLD ALLT ROUNDt TE wORLn
THE CINCINNATI ENQUiREB.
It is thca People's ltpar, ldevoted to
their interests andl weltar,.
It is al impartial friend to ;l ib:nallnal
II!psurc'lt'l tlhat binllefit the c:untll!i r.
It is the meIlt":y of all mIIsena ea tlea.
1r.! thil:at seek uoml, perslntl: u a :tia :4t the
expete , of Ille comultry's ,' ;al,..e
Its" elitori'al colum n ar f;or ill w'le
ial pu'l.ts1 e .of .Xtlpsing, the frtant 4;I
governme.nt -tlictials. in'i lat::s t. ,;t ,t
in lniign ea,'ai'iulate.dl to ,h eiv.el, th I.
d(erst:anlin:. ". :.ill m::lk, Iplain to iu nrP.,
ers the mill ives. ea:lln'es a ;l "tt ,ll'
general and special hishlatie acts.
It- nueoWs Ienlunvi tc nt: tol': i ' ,1:11 .
MaII'W ana inttlligeuee thi:ll (:i e It. 1,::
44 froam l f the for ;e:ttare. of the .,
by" means Of i hhe teleraph, 1il., a
Scorrelpnp nclllne.
It o;:J reie!tural holmn rr, ^r the 1q4
adaptedI to the w;ants of tht ,r, all of
whom are inv itet tao ive th, it erpele
a(1c." al ri sueits of ne.t ".,:. : : rli e.
ierina nts of all kind; /,f it, i('-reit
t heee iE e tea i t lr t a i erel: l; a va
aea aeidttel 1i4 Ittilear lte f.laoe L
(fin s::,, ' , fý17 F l'ir'r contsi"r
mo re ::-.l'l i l r;ml'llt mn :MttI .S`" 1li er,
the huquirer wub, t ',iti:in, a val.
able additi dn to hisr oe .r .l .k 41 dage.
Its :uark,,t reports hav,. Gtr years beet
reliable Iluhlishe, 1. :a:nd ,1" ":', ' -ar u dal. Ip
Stock ])d:, t, r, ProdUsceYr and Trade:
mWel gen.rally.
It 1ha. depa: tn,,,nt a, r,.al',t forth
hld and 11h yonlyg. Fior the lauPit
hel ax 1tl tI'. (,ntingt hoe ,F'orIt ' met-J
chan'lt a nld techalli-- i oir lthe ler anlL
stIaok dlealtrL audi for l:laie.s aid gentle.
tern of ot v(ry calling anII:l t:Tin, in life.
Its terms are low as aany i.". 1:ia~ess pr
per 'can be printed fr, :n1 .Ie i'". 'lulity
anald tIunutity of ,reading tatter used tnot
excelled by auy other paier.
Try it for this year. A (ihrintmo for
every .(ti Snbcriher. S.nli yourescl
setripttion direct to ;he oflice.
• e R. Re M,
RADWAY'S READY REULI
ovals TUR Wo3ST PAINS
In Yom One to Twenty Minutes
NOT ONK HOURi
aterstePdai.gler aertisetn*pnt rJ Day me
9S1ARr WIT PAIS.
RADWAT6S 2mADY RIL I' Il A CUBS I: S
ligA1( PIIL
Ih waa lth Ar.tad is
The Only Pain lenedy
that instUtlymtophe tm agtistewne*m istii (0a.es.
Inaptmatsuons ad carlres i4iaearint. esher 41
Lgunn, stromao, Bewels, 4r ir littJJs Or orlear, b
Ieappliestion. .
IN FROM ON'I TO1 TWTY rlTN?IL,
no matter hn wveilert u!r ewaem4Mle thde slas
•RHBiRUATI:, eet -rdea.d, int-w. ,r .pptei, We_
isUaralgs r p rePsras wli u.e1 s aayl selbr,
eADWAY'S REIAY RELIUP
WILL AIFORD IN4TANT aua
IINPAMIMATION OF T IH IWURY .
INVLAaN A 1111) OF 114 BLA)DU.
III11NXTIFAIefTL4 (PIilE ,I, tLet.
C)NGlf&luui (, THE LYN.G
SORB THROAT DIPklcL'I.i V RITSL
PALPITATION a)l WIg 14A *
--ITSITCI, CRlur, ItlMr¥Ila.
-EDA.AD AW, TOOTICAARI , IL.L
COLD CHILIA. AOUIM .i.IIgLLs.
Theappileratatomeash Roadp ]JSlltettrprte
p.'s whterer h pimnw srm. R su nit te
_ad m.aufork
Twenty drmpein Mlfatabie ofwe %t-. s
momelrtmus r CRl APlS'.J Tl, t ll
1HICAAThUR!, 81CK M).ADAu'II p
DYSho TR:.tKY CLIC, uw JIu L TD olarll
salIl •TERNALZ PAINS.
Travelers haould atwawa ewey a li ett3leo
Way'. Readv eloler w14th.o. A few &i
_wter.willprevt saknes or Ias fr chkaps
water. I t is br tanl bredpd ar 1mhas a
W'5P I, qh& v.iekm'LI 1
LIR?. lfcy esmll hails
HEALTH! BEAUTY!!
flRONG AND PUQE 373 WD-CR*
OF VLVMH AND
BEUTIFCLGOOMLaXIO~s UkTOAU.i
DR. RADWAY'S
THE CREAT BLOOD PURIFlIE.
91U ) I) RAPID RR RE TN CIIHANOFLT
Ii(1)i) V tDR~ta4) RD35ThIi$YLU
OF TUIM TRtULT WOIDWUL RIDW5
THAT. ~ c
Every 1y aihcr:e i Eli
al ei11it i, Seo a Fel
tBuY a=,w of il. AU11PANhL !W AR b I
Sod oqhpr Fin~ds mad jufesat ofUn .y%-tm tlwYdqW
If ,fwor It nU,3.Irslth we V· tie nods with st
mend matartl Str! iso. B~pdie. (oonusU
OGlnlular dineue Ubwe to the threat, R .ash 10
cre. Noaeintheflsa sn4 otbe'r prtsnfthbe .
ForePly.., titrsmorouruedssrrge. from Sie Ears.
Ite wort form. of !Saa dIa&.su, F:rupsinn, 755
sroe, $a.sd 54, Ring RornaltRhrum e'i.psI.
Acne, Bisrspopta, Nwurmest te Fleh* Tumors. CO
earsisthe Womb, 3t sll lwe skeeg and pinful db.
61 5, II.SislIde it3r ofiprnm andadlVM*ted
Sheuxepr piple, teh wh theish). eur. ti~e acrgaol
woider'otealhemlatrr.sndsfrw dt' . ne
pmrovetosayprsoa uetsingi tfor ae Sh of these h.em
dmipnwste tpwrtosnre.lem bwU
att. 106M, dail itI~coming arnend b theweelr
suddimomos ltloat tie cintianally pr0gi g,r
eeedsinurertiu gthve wastes, ren4ipl tiheu
wlth aowmslerialmade from halthy blood-a
tbtIIAR3APABILLIAN wllsand doneeernrle
Iheoerrala; Fr whemen e this rera'dg cnmonses.
werkotpntlcstloa. and trmresrle t dlui lisbinbn
hep atbnr willlfeelh intesllgrown n otter ad
Mefontlddtgustasgettappeliae Improing, aid
inrasg..
otooaaly dorsthoSAmahPAIttlZAW R'eorti~Y 16
S kIV tl remedial ebtelnthe oar oft nura lYs'.
WonO, Constltutton!Ei, ad ihia dieases.; buttI~bf
mi ypeshiv.eu*IhF
KidasW & Bladder Cbmplanizr
l7rlnaiysaadWbmhdtardc'aa fl nye Iu,'v. poet
Itoýýejofpatar~lncaesms ogsor? t~ri,t
huictntdeposita, orthe saWassoi lrk. ulon'rdt
witthmhkaiasealkeths whI ape, or tibrt)ii
whiteslik, orthrsisa morbid. dark helsns !'P1
soce. a0d wbfteboeasptdepse',k s .d xbei
sprltcaoburulng eaesaoawhen paan aisn.
pan iatks all oftteRas aa alud ·I bi obialY
2Tmer of.10 Yarn' GIr0IP
Owurd by llamdmy's .Raevewla
` DR. RADWAY'S
peehtUly tltule...1e e, IT ewaied with .veet
3mze~ro ulezo, urtfely, nauen.. a I awea1b
ways Pills, for :e cur:dhnrd-.i' a4
Lee... Bowel., Blddr. .rvoaw l) Sefu
3.. bshCofulpsioh.Cosiveuee, Isdi sdtiozz, PW'
pelaBhIlousl. SiD BMWhlsear, lu enmee'u of i
well,4 Pill, and allP ReParremaa r(f thee JvtaflI
Vlcesra. Wenaurlrtd bart .s jwttlr ene PTo
T.ssble, omlseslguemr srsuy. ulineyln or
Atow dae..iIADflAY'WPTT3i wll Tregt!1531
1Ifromn slltheaMU I shun5ax44i era. Prlu. 5n
pU Box. BOCl) BI DRLth. 'is.
READ "'!Ault A.1I4 TRUER ' ed ore Ieu
iampto RAIJWAY !hOO.. YA. 34 T nfr a `. !'
TepIna~ Moawartth thouaao lodu well t».,a' 'o
+ 0,