Tire is a lIrge clans of radicals,
yedr,ehiefly, of the negro pol
iticians and the worst element of car
pat-baggory, who are bitterly fight
ing the compromise. They hold now
than the original terms of tie adjust
nment provided that the arbitration
should 'be made by Messrs. Hoar,
Whedler, Frye and Marshall, and
that tho stipulation, subsequently
, that the whole committee shall
a new feature in. the contract
1ieves the republicans from all
jtious to abide by it. The Re
pb n says, very likely Mr. Frye,
the shyster of the party, will decline
ddt thus leaving the matter in the
hj 5 of two republicans, Hoar and
ybtler, and four oppositionists,
FMtir, Phelps, Potter, and Marshall.
i.s wing of the republicans threaten
if Kellogg calls an extra session
:,lLegislature under the settle
mea.mMade in New York, they will
ddet it by keeping the republican
Seineors from responding and thus
prevent a quorum of the Senate. It
oIkio a little as though the negro poil
iticians and white thieves are badly
l1goten in this,. transaction and are
fai. The compromise now fairly
premises to inaugurate a new era in
the State, and this will be political
dsathrto them. We think, however
Sh eompromise will be carried out
NI W ite f'this class of radicals. If,
nh'eever; fie radicals do defeat it, the
~g~rvatives will stand before the
4ountry upon higher ground 'than
evorq, since they have manifested a
willingness to make any sacritice for
paee.and relief, while the radicals
will have displayed a determination
td'nbmit to nothing which is just,
or which' will interfere with their
6wer to pluunder. the State.-ahrcvc
A Sionx City young man was out
cailing the other evening, and when
.starting home he left the room by the
gta door, and. bowed himself down
I ehIar stairs, reaching the bottom
isn Il csahrb .of pickle jars, cracked
pjs!cePelMits and an ,empt,
cider barrel. i says he'll never go
out o~Q, ,rpm lackward again, he
don't care hfw polite he is.
Tha Naw UNITED STATzs SENATORS
t-MAoentAitfee g~w;: Senators
rs p !  en the 5#h init.,s there are
fite'ta]emoeratis uix repuiblicans
si*tirsindependents, as follows:
Deaaentl-- -Bayrd? Delaware ;
adtow. chest Z' Johnson, Ten
Dlben r. i'-a, ew YOrk; Mae
Doo-Q '.aRa +-ui J .ew
Jersey "., kanau, Oh0o Wallace,
Pennsy vania:; Whyte, "Maryland.;
West.Virginia; Cockrell,
"_toott ;Jones, Florida; "Maxey,
Teaa; and Withers, Virginia.
publica.:-=Breue '(colored), Mie.
rpi; liBrppde, Rhebde= Islamd;
wei, Masischasett's; Im. ands,
¶t.;si;Mntih,- Maine, and Mc
an, Minnesota.l
ed & 1t,- Cne eri.ii Wiscon
s ih ttt lane, Miedigan, and Pad
atý5imee ias fast that, every
-anvrasqt who has turned his itten
tien trwlht &tl triwiietl ion offi't New
a Sewing lMachine in his local
IW 1e o huias been fortunate enough
taee!ur an agency, has obtstripped
t~he best eort;ts inmalking money of
tllmrf asnd trietAgents of the high
14~ tareldner, kwhich laetter aay
sarpipe The ddwianl, is.enuor
.,ales so rapid -and monoe
redlly with so little effort
iers, TradeAmen, Spcuhla
tot~k4 r focking into the busi
a h i4p e thqy ca ece tejtri
soad" e 'their g6ds on the
pmu4dsoetjiy anxious castohners.
--a,. hiow .theap.- "uliines
'the' 1eop.* ilt'bty
1 0--0 9 tr~c.' I t ' e t
se irk, a .other
at $80.o00or $90.Q0, and ge
dtben not cit balifhe
of r ee afd ir . icle,'for
uf YnbItos are daily in
_ fi  tisdunaoia of thie
mi qsuaccessfully bounded:
tinier t potves tobe
tai ed evhI t , _-.M y
lS.a-ain.. Ta. eImVi ble
at uof thea oon.lt stsaaleue
fa .inon • atonou n iAGr
hom eloo
, -ra surprise in their
6M tor 4n
mWIgAPa*DPL
4 k~b .'. ¶,
~gg~~ts~j~ p1and
n ow ,si~poueil at nay.offioe.
JV,P4
.;d J~[iM
~· ·9k~li~;ns~j3,ij~~
9~4
besls9~pI coton
and
aaia
- w1
r I
Financial UiVmmerclal and liver Ncws.
ýcorT1N BTATEMENT.
On handI last report .......4308 bales
"lreeIvred dnrtng weeok..... .,. 23 "
Total receipts......4331 "
MARKET QUOTATIONS..
(It should be remembered our quota
tions are for round lots, at retail, higher
prices will have to lie paid.)
Corrected Weekly.by Carver & Taylor.
Cottoie........ .......1 3.......:..... a Io.
Alide4, ry..l,...................1.. 2 -
hides, gvyn.......:............. ....5j S
BitcoX.-The market .is in limited supply
Clear sides are quoted at 18c; shoulders at 13c;
Breakitat bacon at 19e.
Femou.-Is in good supply with fair demand
ae gqotesX at 48 f5; low XXX 7 lw27 2; and.
god-XXX Rat . 75; Chefoe XXX at $9 50; choice
family $116t. ..
P9ii.--None in the market.
BAMCms..-Ii tfair supply, demainl fair. Iemd
andjqtet 19e; per yard.- No India in market.
LIAuI.-In light supply with good demand. In
tierces Sid: In kegs . .
JAMx-Are inl liglht .spply aitdemand limit-)
ed Canvaset d are quoted OY 20c.
SALT--lu gaod snpply, ,Liverpool coarse sels
at 2 25 per sack. Fine ~,532c higher.
SeEn Rlyts.-Npne bit rye in market whIich
is quoted at $1 75 per bushel.
Iuo.Tsas.--Thel mnarket is in good supply.
The arrow Js held at 10 and the button at 10e.
per pound,
M.OLAssrs.-Scarce. Choiso Louislana is be
ing sold at-, prime at 90c. per gallon. By the
keg $8 00ti9 590
COAL OIL-Is in good, 4upply and is held at
50. per gallon.
ToAcco..-Supply good. :Good medium is
quoted at 6io. and flie bright at 90e.'91 23 per
pound.
CoFe--The .supply. is limited and demand
good. Prime at 23 and choice at -
Rican-N_ Caroliqwin market. .ouisiains 
beh sat4le. per pound. .
Coss.-lvin good supply but no demand.
SoA.IlEtra olive' bar'e.0.
.SuoAu-Louilianajp'ime is quoted at ;- y'el
low clarilied t 12je; crushed and powdered a
15e. ' . .
Wmazy.-White and Red ere held at $1 50
per gallon; Bourbon commands $5~6 0Sper gal,
Snor.,.is in good spply with fair demand and
sold at $2 75 ' r sack and buck shot at $3.
P'owuss--Tah supply is limited and is held
at 50c. per pound.
NEW XDVEIRTlSEMEXTS,'
NO COMPROMISE!!
X. ahK'bn Cb Co.,
FRONT SaRETr,
ARE OFFERING THEIR LARGE AND
tIlect stock of
D1Y GOODS,
GROCKERIES,
HARDWARE,.
BOOTS,
SHOES,
HATS.
CAPS,
&c,, &te.
At New York CashPrices
Come early and secure bargains
Remember the house, I KAHN & CO.,
and that all GOODS are at COST Price.
March 13-6m.
FITS CURED FREE!!
Any person suffering from the above
disease is requested to address Dr. Price,
and a trial bottle of medicine will be
forwarded by Express,
FREE !
The only cost being the Exprese char
ges, which owing to my large business,
are small.
Dr. Price has made the treatment of
FITS OR EPILEPSY
a study for years, and he will warrant a
cure by the use of his remedy.
Do not fail to send to him for a trial
bottle; it costs nothing, and he
WILL CURE YOU,
no matter of how long standing your
case lmay be, or how many other reme
diees may have failed.
Circulars:and testimonials sent with
FREE TRIAL BOTTLE.
Be particular to give your Express, as
well as your Post Ofice direction, and
Address,
Dr. Chas. T. Price,
67 William Street, New York.
March 6.-ly.
NEW YOIRK TRIBUNE I
The Leading American Newspaper.
T$E BEST ADVERTISING MEDIUM.
Daily, ' 10.00 a year; SemiWeekly,
$3.00; Weekly, 2.oo00
POSTAGE FRBER TO T IE SUVSOI
p$cimen copies and advertising rates
froe. Weekl, Ti clubs of 30 or more,
only $1.00, postage paid. Address
Ei -f lkOpR4aTIC' PAPS^OoF
Tw _ p. s; " : fyew
oral 00- - T
Family a:e .  .... t :" ;d
Daily Terms.-One hopy, one year
Semi-Wekly, -Tems Onae copy,
one year................. ps
Two0 y ad
w ma seder
Sharp~, wherever and whenever des rd4
. j Iorders and ltet#s tb
-'ii. dib l ' of r Hlga
Wii Pl .i frn yga readers
and aU diorder.:of e Throat ad
L satotl by a its ys.4i s prac
Plewse show aor
GBtjt~dr WilC~im~S atWs.vn
ARTHUR'S ILLUSTRATED
HOME MAGAZINE
FOR 1875.
Bright, cheerful, progressive, always up
to the advancing thought of the times.
The Home Magazine takes rank with the
leadinlg add lost inflnenthtl periodicals
of the day. It is on the side of temper
ance and trne christian morality. What
ever is hurtiful it condemns without
fear or favor, and makes itself felt in the
homes of the people as a power for good.
The Great Household Magazine of
America, is more thoroughly identified
with the people in their home and so
cial life than any other periodical in the
country.
"Deborah Norman; her work and her
reward." A new serial story hby T. 8.
Arthur will be commenced in January.
"FIFTY YEARS AGO; or the cabins
of the West," by Rosella Rice. We an
nounco this new series of articles with
real p!easnre. knowing as we do that it
will be among the most attractive that
we shall offer our readers next year.
Miss Rice, besides holding the pen of a
ready writer, has in her iswsession a large
amount of original material from which
to draw, and a wide arqnaintance with
people whose personal remitiscence are
rich with pioneer incidents and experi
ences.
"Homes for the People," a series of ad
mirably suggestive articles on homes and
how to nmake them pleasant and attrac
tive, by Mrs. E. B. Buffey.
"The Story Teller." This department
will be unusually rich. Besides an
abundance of short stories, two or three
serials will be given during the year.
"Pipsissiway" Potts the inimitable de
lineator of home life and character, will
have an article in every number.
Butterick's newest patterns for ladies'
and childrens' dresses are given by spe
cial arrangement every month.
The Mothers' Department will be care
fully edited and have suggestive articles
from our best and most experienced wri
ters.
The Housekeepers' Department will be
full and practical, and contain many con
tributions from experienced housekeep
ers.
"The Lion in Love' and "The Interrup
ted Reader," two large and splendid pre
mium engravings. One of these is sent
free to every subscriber.
$2 50 a year is the price of ARTHUR'S
ILLUSTRATED HOME MAGAZINE.
In clubs; 3 copies for $6; 6 and one ex
tra to the getter up of the club $12. 10
and one extra $20. 8? 15 cents must
be added to each subscription for pre
payment of postage for the year. 8pe
cisen numbers 15 cents, in currency or
postage stamps.
T. S. ARTHUR & SON,
Philadelphia, Pa.
PEOPLE'S LINE.
RE GULAR Alexandria and
Grand Ecore Low Water PACKET.
For Grand Fcore, Montgomery, Month of Cane
River, Alexandria, Norman's, Barbin's,
and all way indings on Red
River.
SThe Al extreme light
draught passenger steamer,
BRADISH JOHNSON I
JOHN HEINN, Master.
WM. CULBERTSON, Clerk.
W ILL leave New Orleans every Thurs
da1y, and arrive at Grand Ecore eve
ry Sunday.
For froight or passage apply on board
Oct. |7.-tf.
Sinnott's Line.
Fall and Winter Arrangement.
For Grand Ecore, Montgomery, Alexandria
Plneville, Norman's, Barbin's,
Fort DeRaasy,
And All Way Landings,
The A 1 Magnificent and fast
running side-wheel passenger
BART ABLEI
Diex rrcxoT. Master.
G. C. HAMnLTOx, I
T. J. DowTr, S 0Clerks.
W ILL leave New Orleans everylaturday at
5 P. x., returning leaves Grand Ecore
every Tuesday as I Ix., and Alexandria every
Wednesday at 12 x.
The steaes ..
will leave New Orleans for Grand Eore and in.
termediate landings every Saturday at 5 P.m .
The steamer
will leave New Orleans for Grand eeore and in
termediate landings every Tuesday at5S . M.
This arrangement will continue until high
water permits the BART AnL. to resume her re
gnlar trips, of which due notice will be given.
For freight or passage aply on board or to
4 . MU884, Agent
1875. AGAIN1 1875
LOUISVILLE WEEKLY
COURIER JOURNAL
Continue~ftr the present yea its liberal
arrangement, whelibyr on' the 31st of
December, 1875, it will distribute impar
tially among its 'subscribers,
$10,000
In presents, comprising Greenbacks and
nearly one thopowmn4auseful and beautiful
articles.
The Courier-Journal is a long-estab
lished, live, wide-awake, progreessive,
newsy, bright and spicy paper.
No other paper offer such inducements
to subseeribers and elub agents Circaulrs
with full particulars and specimen cop
ies sent free on application.
Terms, 4M00 a year and liberal offers
toolbia. ..
Address, W. N. HALDEMAN,
Pres. CourierJournal Co., Louisville, Ky
WEEKLY Friday Packet
For Grand bore, Montgomery, oth Cf ilne
River, Alexandria, Noirmans B1r
bin's and all way landings
on " l liver, -.
The Al and very light draught
passenger steamer
SEMINOLE.
. C. Mrracru, Master. JAI. L Robos, erk.
- EAVES New Orleans every Tuesday at 5 .
xIM., arrmivng at Grand IBoor every Feriday"
at 12. Te 8emie wllabe toplaced by larg
or boat when navigation er is. g.
Will make close -onnection at the ruls da
r gextree low water with the light draught
t t they pu~t thruh w tint deten
tion and hippers ill bear la ind that freight
will be promptly delivered as in high water
_orfreight or tpau nea l en ber o I
- . A S, Agent.
CITY HOTEL.!
Corner CA sand G atvn Streets,
DIU-tD ud vwAi TnotIos
Deo.5-uf
WEEKLY ANP DAILY FOR 187V
The approach 0f the Presidential else.
tion gives unuisal importance to t~i
events and developments of 1e75, . .
P shall endeavor to describe thema fully,
faithfully, and fearlessly.
THE WEEKLY SUN has now atta;!n
ed a circulation of over seventy thun
sand copies. It, readers are found in
every State and 'erritory, ail its qllnui
ty is well kno' n to the public. We
shall not only enldeavor to keep it fully
up to the old stahdard, but to improve
and add to its vcrviety and power.
THE WEEKLy SUN will continue to
be a thorough newspaper. All the news
of the day will 1b found in it, condens.
ed when unimpprtant, at full length
when of momenti and always, we trust,
treated inl a cle r, interesting and in
structive manneri
It is oar aim tb make the Weekly Sun
the best family newspaper in the world.
It will be fill Ot entertaining and tip
propriate reading of every sort, but v ill
print nothing to offend the most scrtlu
los and deihcatb taste. It will always
contain the Inmost interesting stories and
ronmances of the day, carefully selected
and legily prinetd.
The Agricultural Department is a
prominent featnie in the Weekly Sun,
and its articles Iwill always be found
fresh and useful to the farmer.
The number of men independent in
polities is iuere. ing, and the Weekly
Siun is their pape4 especially. It belongs
to no party, andiobeys no dictation, con
tending for principle, and for the election
of the best men. It exposes the coirrup
tion that disgraces the country and
threatens the oerthrow of repullblican
institutions. It ihas no fear of knaves,
and seeks no favors from their support
The markets 4f every kind and 'the
fashions are replarly reported in Its
columns.
The price of the WEEKLY SUN is one
dollar a year forl a sheet of eight pages,
and fifty-six columns. As this barely
pays expenses oft paper and printing, we
are not ablle to make any discount or tl
low any premniltnm to friends who urmay
nlake special effots to extend its ciremia
tion. Under the new law! which re
quires payment if postage La advanice,
one dollar a year' with twenty cents the
Sost of prepaid p;state added, is the rate
of subseription. It is not necessary to
get up a elub in order to have the Week
Sly Sun at this rate. Any one who setisd
onie dollar and tvWenty cents will get the
paper, post-paid, for a year.
We have no traveling agents.
THE WEEKLY SUN.--Eight' pages,
fifty-six columnm. Only $1.20 a year,
plostge prepaid.i No discount from this
rule.
THE DAILY $UN.-A large four-page
newspaper of tweuty-eight colnnums
Daily circulation over 120 000. All the
news for 2 centse( Subscription, postage
,prepaid 55 cents a month, or $6 50 a year.
'o clubs of 10 or over, a discount of 20
per cent. 'Address.
"THE SUN," New York City.
THE
People's Vindicator,
' FOR 1875.
We take pleasure in announcing to the
numerous friends of the IVINDICTOR,
that we have jperfected arrangements for
the continiation of its publication upon
a firm basis. The public are well aware
of the diffleiculties under which the Con
servative press at Louisiana labor; the
infamnous printing law passed by a phRrti
sin Legislature, solely to foster and ilp
hold, at the expense of the tax-payers,
journals entirely antagonistical to their
interest, and at'war upon their liberties,
and by forcing, under the forms of law,
our ciatineus to advertise in these oficial
papers, to break down their power, the
Conservative and Democratic press; don
seqnently we are compelled to depend
for support upon the generous eontrfbt
tion of a people already poverty-stricken,
but we feel assured that they will not
fail to sustaoin their main power in the
war of virtue against vice
The Fearless White lan's Press of
Lealsliim.
The fiture tone of this paper ean be
judged from its past. We will eontinue
to advocate to success, the rights of the
TAXED, that honesty said eapability,
AlNE, shall constitute grounds for lpi
litical preferment, and a continued and
never celasing war upon Kellogg and his
corrupt ofletals-knowing them to be in
common with their (Chief, both usurpers
'and thieves.
We ean lssre the pnblie'thatvwe will
not hesitate to ittack the aets.of any po
litical organization, when we. believe
Sthem to be antigonistie. to public grod.
%We are the servant of no elique or party,
and intend.dlely to protect and defelnd
the rights aind liberties,' in our honest
way, of the whole people-believing that
we ilhave done suleient serviee in the
canae of the PEOPLE in the pest,' we
conasdently expeetthei Imrupportin the
fature.'
-tERMs.:
1 Copy 1 year..... .............. . _3
1 " 6 mos..................... 2
(Invariably in advanoce.)
We thrmish as a premiam to each paid
pisnhbscribher, for;one year from the first
i of Janua, a fine 8EEL ENORAVING,
19x24 inetles, of aluiqst any Historical
subject.
JAE H. COSROV,
Editor.
PELLI & AIIEAUX,
Pnblishers.
mIy Numbtm Janet isued, and contains
ever 100 Pg 000 Engving, descrip
tisae ~-uqshs OQ onr b ijt  ,
sdcaV e afrmal
tame, " most use.
felJd legawt·ooethlje kind in the
l srlL. 5 L O 93nlte.win the yeqr. ' Pub
'ledfal nIiels and German.
hlup,- s·, Ad , -. - -,JIIIIIS ViCK, .
et . I Icur. fell .
S ~I new tal ure, antorous
, ete.' Sample
$ta 00 z year,
.al~v --~
Jan. 9,..t i 'I13IflFJ &i ·sZlutlJ
A Representative and Champion of American
Art Taste !
Prospectus for 1S7--Eighth Tear.
TIE 'ART, JOURNAL OF AMERICA,
ISS9UED) 1O NTILY.
"'A Magniiccht'Concclpti>:o, wondcrfuliy
earri'd ont."
The, nieesity of a pop1!,lr meliiat for
the representation of the prodnctions of
onr great artists. haes alwaays been recog
nized, and mnty fitcnmts hinen ,ern
tlltide to fmleet the wt:a''t. 'I'li ster('',ssi\'
failures which so invariblv tollowetd ei'dh
attempt in this country to ist.:alish an
art journal, did not prove the indiffir
enee of the people of America to the
claims of high art. So soon as a proiner
appreciationi of the want and an ability
to meet it were shown,, the public at
once rallied with enthusiasm to its snp
port, and the result was a .r'n.t :rtistie,
and commercial trinnmh-T-'II AL )IN E.
TIlE ALDINE, while issuad with all the
regularity. has none of the tenmporary or
timely interest characteristic of ordinary
periodlieals. It is an elenat - miscellany.
of pure, light and graceful literatutre; and
a collection of pictures, the rarest speci
mens of artistic skill, in black antd white.
Although each succeeding ,Innlulr nI'-,rds
a fresh pleasure to its friends, the real
value and huenty of thfe lAL.,rts wi!l he
most appreciated after it has been l'ounld
up at the close of the year. While oth!er
journals may claim superior cheapness, as
compared with rt:als of a similar class,
the AIInr. is a unlique and origin:tl eon
celption-alone antid tinapproactiel - aiso
lutely without cnmnlutition' in price or
character. The po.scssor of a comuplete
volume cannot dnplicnte the qunauitty of
fine paper and engravinuc in any other
shape or number of vohlnes for ten titmes
its cost: and then, there is the Chromto
besides!
National feature of THE ALD)TNE
must he takcen in no narrow sense. True
art is eosinopolita. While TlHE AL
DI)NE is a strictly American institution,
it does not confine itself entirely to Ithe
reproducntion of native art. Its mission
in to cultivate a hroad and apprciative
art taste, one that will discrininate only
on grmnnds of intrinsic merit. Thus.
while plaeinugbefore the patrons of THE
ALDINE,'as a leading characteritic. the
prodnections of the most noted American
artists, attention will -iwavs he given to
specimens from foreign masters, giving
subscribers all the pleasure and instrue
tion obtainable fromn home or foreign
sources.
The artistic illustrntion of American
scenery, original with TIlE ALDINE, is
an important feature, and its mn;,nificent
plates are of a size more appropriate to
the satisfactnory treatment of details
than can be afforded by any inferior
page. The judicious interspersion of
landscape, marine, figure, and animal
subjects, anstain an unabated interest,
impassible where.the scope of the work
confines the artist too closely to a single
style of subject. The literature of THE
ALDINE is a lilht and graceful ;ecent
paniment. worthy of the artistic fea
tures, with only sueh technical disqri:i
tions:as do not interfere with the 1popn
lar interest of the work.
Premium for 1875.
Every subscriber for 1875 will receive
a beantiful portrait, in oil colors, of the
same noble dog whose picture in a for
mler issue attracted so much attention,
"MAN'S UNSELFISH FRIEND"
will be a welcome in every home. Eve
rybody loves such a dog, and the portrait
is executed so true to the lif:., that it
seems the veritable presence of the ani
nmal itself. The Rev. T. Do Witt Tal
mage tells that his own Newfoundlanld
dog (the finest in Brooklyn, 'barks at it!
Although so natural, no one who sees
thlis preminimn chromno will have the
slightest fear of being bitten.
Besides the iromio. every advance
subscriber to THE ALDINE for 1875 is
constituted a member, and entitled to
all the privileges of
THE ALDINE ART UNION.
The Union owns the originals of all
THE ALDINE pictures, which, with
other paintings eand engraviugs, are to
Ie distributed amoiig the members. To
everyseries of 5.000 b enseribers., 100 dif
frenat pieces, valued at over $2,500 are
distributed as soon as the series is full,,
and the awards of each series as made,
are to be published in the next sneceed
ing issue of THE ALDINE. This fea
tare only applies to snbsoribers who pay
for one year in advance. Fnll particu
larsin circular jesnt on application en
closing a stamp.
TERMS:
One abscr6ptioe, entilling to THE
ALDINE onG ear, t1e Clrono
and the Art Uliorn,
$6.,00 per annum, in advance.
No charge for postage.
Specimen Copies of THE ALDINE, 50 cts.
The ALDnrl will hereafter be obtainahle
only by stbscription. There will be no
reduced or clubh rate; cashl fo)r subscrip
tions most be sent to the publislhers tlirec t,
or handed to the local canvasisr, without
responsibility to the publishers, only in
cases where the certifieate is given, bear-t
ing the fac-iuiaile siguatnre of James
Sutton, President
CAvAssasI WANTn.-Any person lwho
wishes to act permanently as a local can
vassor, will receive full and prompt iu
ormation by applying to
THE ALDIE COMPANY,
58 Maiden Lane, NEW YORK,
, rOsIvWELY MO C1ROMOk.
~ hs 3ANUT Now.
FOR 1874..
C(ntiining every week'PORTY CO)L
UMbNsi of choice reading mat- '
ter, prihted on clear, hand-:"
some tpe, and fine
•- witeo pper.
T IHE*ttEWS is t'dte.V by the TrShe
rl y 1ews.M¢an; is confntrimtd td by
George Alfred Townsend, the chief of
Newspaper Vermeepoandets. and ,ether
eblealf wnitetue ho ,rro wilI fnuisjpahbisl
eorrespondenee from the leadig cities,
audeontribute to thebediorial ounmus.
'1'he NfflW[ has its dwa 8ei~ tific,
miscellany, and flmahette ihe best
maiseellah i and the freehet and best
stae :Ia all it departen It it is
eitCj, i ?roplou eare, ad, in
00elwe' e one of the bes.F il
Joumnl publild. Sample Copiesfe
TERMS OF UslaCRPIPTI :
Oe Yea.. .- ---.; *....2.O. 0
Spl r· at4tae: Postmatears' and elub.
DBAILEY & DONOVAN,
Danbury, mun.
TIE BEST PAPER, TRY IT.
POSTAGE FRIEE
Beautifidly .llustrated.
The SiCIEN'TIFIC AMERICAN now in
it, both yCar, enjoys ;the wilh.,.rt eircula
tin,, , nV weekly newspaprlrl of the kind
ill the wotl,. A new vol llmne VlnntIenceis
Jlaouary ,1, 1?75.
ii 1C,1'11t4t a L, I" lrnl1 ee 11'th" t 81 m t
interestiný i'l'jirnttilim ti 1i"rlinittin to th
Intltstrhil, Mech:1ic al, ::11 (1Sciafici Pro.
gress of thei War1!1; .h,ii,:ripltils, willt
leauntifl ,ra-vi.v ; Of New Iiveitioms.
New P.roes:~,, tnd im Itrovd Inldustris
of all khlls: I l.1l N 1ei:, ci ,es, uSn
glt ions 8id1 Aivi.,h hy I'r:i'tica 1iritews.
ior \Vorkinen and tEmployers. 1in all the
various arts.
'l'Th SCIENTIFIC AMI'lICAN is the
heIlleliest 114d est ill,.trated weekly pa
per published. Every unuiler e'ntains
froil 10 to 15 oriilnal t'ienIravin.gs of new
Ilt:lhlinery an llli vc l invellltioll:
ENGIO A1\1 s, ilutrýaItin, Itiirove.
IneInts, D)iscoveries, and 1niuti'ortatt W\ork.,
lpertaining to Civil a1d Meha.iieat E t.i
neerinzg, Milling. Miting and Metallurgy:
Records of I lie latest progress in the Ap
tIdiati-tns iof t'ant.;ll S tiii Eiijtl nearigl ,
Railways. hip B,:illing, N: vigatiol.
'Ielegraplhy, 'I'ele.grajh ' Elginerinlg, ice.l
tricity, l;iitll'tislrn. Light ;and Ileat.
FARL.MEIIS, Muechaltics, Egilneers,
Inventors, Maullltheltnrers. Chemists, Lov
ers of Scien'e, Teaahers, Clhr.gymnn, Law
ye.rs, awil People of' 1l Proti-sionls, will
finl the cil:xN tFitc AMIIIt'AN illse'Il to
thetm. It shoull have a place in every
I'Fmilyih, Lihtnrk, h1tndy, office, a11d Conti
illng ]aiOt; ii1 every Healidiing Room,
Co1llge Ar "en " "chol.
A yearis mnlIs e .ontain ,,2 pa8Lges and..
x :I:, . Uitl I i':l:j-:IýI ;1:..'vt¢NG. T'lmt
;lit, 1 of V'olls ltisare peIL( Iserved ft' r bind
i;g atnd rel.i.relce. The practical receipts
aret well worth ten times tihe snbscriptiou
piriCe. Terns $3' It a year hby mail,. in
eludinilg pol.t:ag. D)iseountt to (lubs. S.pe
eilns l sent s Sit e.jl4My Ie had ol' all New,'
Dealers.
P' A T ' +  Q cT.;;anectio,,with
-- 1 the c r,x s TFIc
AMpIIII:nCtx, Me'srs. ItNx & Co. are
S toicto 1 of Atmeriic;m aSil Foreign Patents,
and haLve the largest estllishtent in the
worldl ore than fifty thousand applie.
tions have bleenmnjtad, i4)r;lateuts through
theirageney.
Patents are. otained on the best terms
Models of New invoutions and LsketcheN
exatmnilnet ;dall alvice free. A special
iotict istiaulde in the Seientific Anmerican
of all';invenltiiols Patented tl'rom!mh this
Agemy, with ,the ulni anti resident of
the Patentee. Patenttlls are often sold in
iuart or whole, to Plersonl attracted to the
invention by sllch, notice. ,enid for
Pamniphlet, 11t( pages, liws anil full dli
rections ftor obtailnihg Patents.
A..dress for the Papler, or concerning
Patent.s, M'xx" & Co., 37 Park Row
N. Y. IBeach Ollice, coc. F andil 7~ Sts.
Washinton, D C.
Jany 1875.--1V
S--TT._ -
TIJJ
WEEKLY ENQUIRER,
A Paper for the People, a Friend of the
Fanner and Industrial Classes,
A BEAUTIFUL
NEW CHROMO
ENTITLED
"Perry's Victory!"
Gireato every $2 00 Subscriber.
This ptieture repreienta Com. Oliver It. Per
ry Il tIllt tet of passing front one ship to another
in a sºlrll upeo boat, during the heat of battle,
cxeposeti to the tire of the euonmy.
It Meniures 16 by SI Inches,
Is artistlcally finished in thirteen colors and 19
undoubtedly the imost desirable cihrtao ever
ofhled ais a prenmlaltm. Single copies of it soell at
$J Oil. We haIve at a great ollttly seculre-d the
exrixal-e rulltroTl ald saleif it, ailld thelrefolre
are enabled to presaeut it ti, our paltrolls a; above.
The EUIqlaRn still stallds pre emillet as a
first lass Newspapor. Its varlouedepartments
allotted to
Ecditorls, lumorose,
Agriculture, Poetlry,
CorrespoLmr ee,, Telegrapldic
S Aul Gleneral N'ews.
Arl giveevidence of the earn alnd pains taken
to supply his readers with all the iewa and a
variety of reading that caniinot fall to interast
eloh atld aoveu menabe'" of thie houseloll. nub.
scribe through our agents or setdl direct to is.
We desire an agenttat every Post Ohiiee, andl
whe're nolne are yet appouiun~ll, let seuo of our
friends apply for the agency.
A.ddlres
FA]IAN & McLEAN, Publishers,
CINCINNATI, o.
The Saturday Evening Post.
The Oldest and Best Story Paper Pu'b
lished.
Founded Angust 4, A. D. 1821.
For more tlhaln half a century the
Saturday Evening Posstilaa been the
GREAT LITERARY WEEKLY
of the Country, and ha. ever borne a
iridespread anm unblentishledl reputaltion
foir the unsurpassed purity, refinement
and excellence of tile Serials, Sketches
iund Miscellaneous realding matter.
It is pro-einuently
The Be~it Family Papeor
that is published in this country, from its
never eontaining anything that would
offolid the feelings of ally on1e, either in
a religions or political sense, or that
could not be road at ally fireside without
objection from the moseet fastidious.
The eirculation of the 8aturlay Even
ing Post, through not quite so large
perhaps, as its younger contomloraries,
is not, like that of some of themo, fleuctu
ating, and too often short-lived, but
SUREI, 80LID AND SUDSTANTIAL,
based upou the intrinsic merit of tlhe pa
per itself' and not dependent on any ex
traneous influences, such a the lpopulari
ty of individual writers, &e.
Oood, however, as the Saturday Even
ing Post has been in tihe past, it is our
intention to mnako it still better in the
futren, and with thils object ill view we
will effect a markedl tilproventn!it in eve
ry deparitmeit of the paper, and will
catll to our assistance writers ofadinitted
ability and known reputation.
By inoreasing its former attractions,
and adding utIlny jndicious and pleas
ing novelties, by studying how to pilease
and ealtivate the popular taste, by it
creasing indnstry and enterprise, and by
onltrged tihcilities, we hope to make new
friends with each and every issue, and
contine to maintain the claim of the
Saturday Evening cost to its title of Tia
OLDEST AND TIIl jiiEST of uFi ylljy Story
Piaper s.
tTerms to Ktibscrbers:
Onoe year 1 copy $00 One month 25
" 2 copies i5.0 TWo monothsi 50o
". 4 copies .10.00 Three tmo. 75
" 9 copies 20.00 Four mao 100
To any one sending $20 for a Clah of
9, aa additional copy will be sent FiEE.
Speimen copies can he had on appl
eation. We Employ no Traveling Agents.
All communications must be addressed to
It. J. C. WALKER, Propietir,
2F Walnut 8treet,
Philadelphia.
' Get your printing done at
the VThDICATOR Job Office.
THE ILLUSTRtATFI!
WITIH WHICH I IS INCORPORATED
It is tIh ii't "ti. o of tit.i (on eh totrs oC
this M1:galzine to still further make it a
mi.1hi of literlry and miclh:tnical exesel
lne:.1. \i:h ithis l ie.v. nu adva.ntagtr
will I~t neelccte which eitlthr talent or
:piIItI e;::I e(tl' :.Iu.'l to rend.I or each is
su ;: :.;'retahele ald, intructive comltu-p
di:ei of
POPULAI READING.
Its pagets will be dtevoted to popular
lituoiituri. scienlee, art, tedlLcation and a*
vi:al devehloleent. Its charactleristic fea
t.ure is e·ol'prthehniiveless The Imanu
srilpts n1w on hand, and others eslpcia -
iv e|ng'tg'dl, elti'race.an unusually attrac
tive li:t of Descriptive Sketches ofTrav
Il, Serial Stories, 'I'ales Pouns, PaIers ion
iticeh" alled Art, P'opular Essays, Knama
tive:, Literary Criticisms, Fashions, etc.,
togtethetr with a varie'v of ahle and in
te(restiig articles upon the Intportant
 flitestions of tile liay. A large proplr,
tion oft the articles, ,secially those des
criptive of travel, will be
I'ROFUSELY ILLUSTRATED.
The pictorial emubellishments of the,
M;agAzilc hereafter constituting one of
its most attractive f'eatturs.
The urlpose of the Publishers is to fur
nislh a Iperi(odical which shall be instrue:
tive in Thie hlousehold, The Library and
Tho Ileaiing luoomu, givineg ,aa anlllldalnce
of el:tertaininlg :od poptular literature
and infornsation for both old and young,
eiarrlyi:lig light. eomfort and good nature
i:lto every family, and makhing it aeeep
table for the whole ilouseholl-father
anid motlher, boys a'd girls, yunuug men
and young wometn.
'The Illutrated Houcchold lagazins
includes several Distinct Departmeunts,
each ue nder competent and eflicient man
agenentt, vi :
1. Sketches-consisting of Descriptions
of Travel and Adventure, Serial Stories,
Tnles and Narratives, lavishly and ap
ptopriately illustrated.
2. Miscellany-- ado Tup of brilliant er
tracts front new books, highly entertain
inug sketches of notable persous and
things ftrm the best Foreign Publics
tions, Poems and Papers on Science and
Art.
3. Editorial Department-in which Is
given brilliant essays upon a wide range
of subjects; social topics dinscussed and
current incidents and doings glanoed all.
4. Fasinaon Departnmetit-e:outaining a
resumen of the Paris, London and New
York Fashions, illustrated with engra
vings of the latest styles.
5. Literary Notes--devoted to reviews
and criticisms of new books and general
informattion.
8. Children's Depnrtment-farnidhing
instruction and entertainment to the
Boys and Girls, and those older people
who have yomug hearts. It iseembelish
ed with high class illustrations of
Natural History, Wonderful Scenery and
rare incidents. -
7. Housekeeper's Department -cotl
prising information and recipes, many of
which are original and published .for."the
iirst time, all collected from" the msats
anut hettie, sources.
It will be the constant aim of the
Household Publishing Company to make
THE ILLUSTRATED HOUSEHOLD
MAGAZINE in the future, as Wood's
Household Magazine has been in the
past,
THE BEST DOLLAR MONTHLY PUB
LISHED,
sparing neither effort, trouble nor ex
itense in seenring the Best Writers as
contriltors, and the Best Artists to pro
duces illustrations to enrich its pages.
AGENTS WANTED.
We require a good, faithful Agent in
every town throughe.ot the United States
and Caunda, who will earnestly engtage in
the basinos of procuring subscribers-
not for a few days or a month Anly, bet
permanently-with a firm detennimnatiosn
to canvass thoroughly and carefully the
entire field selected, improving every op
iortunity to realize all tlhat ean poeib
he maide front the introduction of the
Magazine.
Our Prempium and Clubbing Isle
offer great indneements for working in
our behalf. Sehools and Churches have
here an unnumal opportunity to precure
Musical nlustrmtents from tihe bet mat
afacturere, with comparatively lit
exertions. Artisatis, Professienal Me
and Students may gratifyt their literary
tastes by ordering from the Clabhlog
List. C'hildren may earn nd own matn y
iong desired articles by obtaining theim
fewo subsieriber required.
TERMS:
YEARL' SUBSCOiPTION *1.o0 .
Specimen Copies mailed, pos3t-paid, to'.
oany address upon receipt of T6a uents.
The postago within the United $tstex
is Ten Cents a year, which must he fbt
warded with the subslmeription, as the.
new Postal Law requiring the prepay
meat of all umtgazines by publisher,
tlenuieves, instead of snlcuil~es, coum
pels us to collect the potage in atl'atao.
Send for Circulars eontamniU rates i'"
commission and induceneats to canvia
sers, and the 'Preinium and Clabbing
Lists.
THIE .YOSEJI"TE VALLE1.
We eontinue to offer this celebrated
Oil Chrome in connection with the II.
hustrated HIousehold Maa:lzine, furih-
ing them to our snlmeribers apon 'the.
fdllownlDg very gencerous terms:
IVitl Mfounted Cltromo, $2.00. Ua.
uountled ChromeO, $ib50.
The Mounted Chromo is delivered at
our office, or by canvaeers, er boxed an4
sent by express at asnbsriber's expese.
or sent by mail upon receipt of Twentr
Cents extra for poetage. The Unmount
ed Chrozso is sent free by mail.
All conmmunieations must'be adslressud
HOUSEHOLD PU'BJLISIUGK CO.,
41 Park Row, New York.
3ilmploymenet--Ma
women and agents, we -have just whats
you neee Our 9x11 Mounnted Chroutns
otsell anytliing in the market. Mr. Per
soes write: "I struck out yesterelsy, r d
by we"kin:g casy flir hours, cleared $7.
A nldy leis just reported her profits for
thlu foreciloon ats $5; yesterday up t'te
o''e: k slhe cleared $7 ~O. We can pro-.
leybud question that one agent ordere,
,S<,) eslthsess chromos in eleven work.
ing days. We, have the largest and fltIt-;
assortmillnlt ill tile Uueitet Statse; hln -
redls oel'hulic subnhjects from which to
scieet. We will send you an asseorted lCr
of the IIhest sslililg free of charge on re
ceilts of t; fi. Send in your ordrels s*.
give us a ctil. Samples by mail 2e., ,or
'12 for $1.
BIO(TON FRAME AND CIRObMO CO.
292 Washilgton St., Boston, Mass.
P. O. Box 2,C2.
SImportant Notice.
UIUBqCRIBERS to the ORAwr Ecor-
; ANO NOW OILEANas P.OLE's LI~.
PacKEr Co.MPnY, are hereby uotiti4.
that the first Instahnlment of the namou.
subscrbed (2_ per cent on each share) i
.now due. They are respectfnllyv in
ted to come forward and settle at oncte
their indebtedness.
By order of the Directors,
L. DI7PIE I.,