J A. If. 1i CºIOtOVE, . . Editor.
.ATURDAY, - - - M:lrch 24. 1877.
Largest Cirulatli 011
Of any Country paper inll
the State.
Rates of Subscripltion.
One Year.. ... ............- - 1
Six Mouths ... ............
No hlbsc·'il'tilon tali'it fir I," than
months.
Advrtise ts is d at t rat f
S I, i per '.iriia i orr the tirst insertion,
and 73 ,rlts ftr har.h ihstquehnt one.
TIen lines or less, solid Ilrevie'r coisti
t ite a sr are, orloe hlinilred worl1s.
Judicial AdvertislenIitIs hnI )oellar I
pfer hunhdred words, (square) lirst inser
tion, 50 cents tfor each subsequenlt inser
tion. Payahle in advance.
All Transcient AdvertisemeWnts paya.
ielt.
Regular AdvertisemenlltS payable tliar
terly, in advance.
Advertisers in the Northern Cities
MtrST apply to onr Agents for terml'illi
eonltracts, for no attelltioll will lie paid
to applications to us in person from that
seCtion).
AGENTS.
All orahetrs for AIvertisiIug must be
eontractat'd with ,ar Ageats.
No attention paid to 1pr'positious ex
cept from theIm.
(. P. Rowell & ('o., Nw York.
8. M. Pettengill & Co.. "
Ayer & Son, Philadelplhi,, lPnn.
Edwin Aldii, Ciwinnatti, Ohio.
E. Freishlan & Brho..
(Chandiler, Lord & ('o, ('hie'go, Ill.
Rowell & ('hIisSutui. St. Louis, ,1o.
W. W. Sharp & Co,.,2. Park Row, N. Y.
Thos. Mtlhtyer, New Orleans, La.
J. Curtis Wahlo, "
LOCAL AGENTS.
The following al ed gentlemen have
kindly consented, and are hIr,.hy ac
credited as Ageuts for the PEOPLE'S
VINDICATOR.
Col. J. F. Pierson, Conuhatta, Red River.
Benj. Wolfson,
Hon. D. W. Self, Many, Sabine parish.
J. H. Caldwell Esq., " "
Cavil Bray Esq., Black Land, Vernon.
Thos. Richardson,
Hon. M. F. Machen, Winnfield Winn.
Dr. M. A. Dtnn, Montgomery, Grant.
Newspaper Laws and Regula
tions.
1. Subscribers who do not give express
notice to the contrary, are considered
wishing to continue their subscription.
2. If subscribers order the diseontinn
ance of their periodicals, the publisher
may continue to send them until all ar
rearages are paid.
3. If subscribers neglect or refuse to
take their periodicals from the office to
which they are directed, they are held
responsible until they have settled their
bills, and ordered them discontinned.
4. If subscribers move to other places
witbont informing the publishers, and
the papers are sent to the former direc
tion, they are held responsible.
5. The courts have decided that "refi
sing to take periodicals from the office,
or removing and leaving them uncalled
tfr, is orima facie evidence of intention
al fraud."
6. Any person who receives a newspa
per and makes use of it, whether he has
ordered it or not, he is held in law to be
a subscriber.
7. If subscribers pay in advance. they
are bound to give notice to the publish
er at the end of their time, if they do
not wish to continue taking it; other
wise the publisher is authorized to send
it ont and the subscribers will be res
ponsible until an express notice, witb
payment of all arrears, is sent to the
publisher.
All adrertisenents must be hand
ed in to this o ice by Thursday
evening of each week, to insure in.
sertion that issue.
All Judicial advertisements must
be paid for in advance, or they will
be discontinued after the first inser
tion.
Correspondence containing news of a
general natire is solecited fromi this
and neighboriny parishes. The real
namte of the writer ,must aecmnpany all
letters, but the name will not be pub
lieked unless so desired. Letters to be
mritten on one side of the sheet of pa
per, and is contain news of general in'
ret is brief, erops and weather re
pnrt, goswip, local happenings, dCe.
J. B.LEWIS
SRYE LA.
The Best Chuar mado--Hern
dor's at T. Haller's Tin establish
Speoial Notice.
We hare perfected arrange
ments, at considerable expense,
to receive DAILY mISPATCHES Of
all GENERAL NEWS and MARKET
REPORTS; which we will furnish
on printed slips every morning,
Sunday excepted, at ONE DOLLAR
per month, payable at this office
in advance.
As we take these 'dispatches
simply to ad to the value of our
weekly, as to late eews, all sub
scribers who wish the slips mailed
must prepay pestage,
All parties desiring to snbeeribe
for these Daily press reports, will
please hand in their names with
advance sjbscription on or before
the let proximo.
J. ,L COSGROVE,
Iditor and Proprietor,
People's Vindicator.
Our Duty.
Now that onr local government is E]
one of out choice, and we arer to be a fig
left free in future to tdo that which pein
will condllnee to our best interests in as w
the way o«f selecting officials, we and
must take into consideration the new helic
surrondintlgs to which, after years of large
strnggle, we are elevated. that
(overrltP ents, conducted by native crs 1
ofliccals anl with pnrity, are but the senl
foundatiotns for the future greatness faiir
of monnwealths; it renains with yet I
us to say, whethller we build a strut- Sc
tare tlhetent wortlthy the expense, pol
trials, and ,lond1 we have exhausted abo
in the struggle to reach the higher On
ilhtbe. Local inftilenc(es must now be cow
f put to work ini order to make artifi- por
cially for Louisiina, that pro-'perity 1)
nature has litted her for. Each see- not
tioll call now mitove off with compo fact
sure and confidetce in the work re- the'
qluited to Iailhi p and enrich us. at
Iniigration is what we mostly de- rate
s-:"..... Fe,,lnphd thousand white less
We want thern--nttst have them, be- fo'
fore we can lay claim to GRIEAT. rat(
H'ow are we to turn the tide of em- mu
Sgr.ants upon us, until they submerge ter
t our abandoned lands and make our 1
waste places ilossom as the rose son
Should be aquestion asked by all who ing
desire to see us prosperous, and they tral
' should act and work to give it a sat- rat'
. isfactory answer. dot
The first thing to be done is to or- ble
ganize, so as to act in unison, with pre
system and to a purpose. In this is
organization all matters can be con- pr(
sideredl--price of lanids, their adver- Im
tisemeat. class of irniigrants desired, oiu
modle and manner of selling lands, pIe
time granted, &c., &c. Second. Our tal
, energies must be bent to make the rut
NE:w ()IE.ANS PACIFIC RAILRO.tIO a all
e success-to cimplete it at as early a me
I' day as possible. Railroads are the gu
S natural highways of the people we an
r. want-fast, go.a-head, energetic, har- on
dy men. Wagon movers and steam- pe
boat travellers are "old coaches," po
and do not belong to this century- the
Such feeders to this trunk railroad as thi
will assist us in our object must be rel
. built. With us, the NINE MILE ROAD
- to connect this city with the N. O. th
Pacific, must be completed wiltin six ed
months, so as to put ns in instant cont- tel
Snlmuticatioin with the outside as soon ee
as the main line is opened. So much
Sfo the "emigrant route." Red River B
r- as well as Cane, demands the atten -
tion of the government. They must
to be improved in navigation. Logs al
Id and obstructions removed from the Il
rir former, with facine jetties for low
es water; and dykes to make perpetual
navigation for the latter, in order to
afford transportation routes, quickll
l- and cheap, for our coming citizen. fo
Cotton and Woolen factories must be til
- started, and all enterprises looking to th
the advancement ot our material fi
Sprosperity fosteled and encouraged- at
be The fact of Governor Nicholls and
his government being in charge of ic
SState affairs, will not of itself bring tl
o about this state of prosperity. The h:
l people must put themselves in har- I
s- ness, and go ahend while the State at
Sgovernment will assist them y'ith all bi
its power. r
m The most dangerous moment for
- our prosperity is this; because en- a
ay tiBely too many citizens rest all hope fl
. on the State government, which, of a
itself is powerless, save to shield from a
t plundering taxation, and to enforce A
law, protect life and guanrd property. p
Let supineness at this hour mark our c
er- conduct, and fifty years hence will a
not see ns any farther on the high t
way to wealth and prosperity, as a o
pa leople and a commonweatb, than
Itis now.
Peol ------~~---
all THE SLOP ORGAN around the cor
tb- ner, is in mourning for Van Dnusen.
be It says; "Van's host of friends" &e.,
and that "Van is well known in New I
in Orleans.' It would be well to state
re- for the information of those that do
not klnow Van Dozen, that he was
convicted by a jury of twelve negroes ,
for stealing a calf, about a year or
so ago, and escaped sentence because
he pleaded prescrflfion. The past his
tory of Van will amuse his friends
best when read from the Docket hlete,
or the parish prison register in New
Orleans. By the way, Cain Sartain
wants Van also-lie stole a good
double-barrel gun fionm Cain, who will
rn- 'whoop up Van DuIzen when lhe sees
'ish- him, certain. Cain is a warrior, and
the 1'epublican says Van is brave, so
we can look for blood-when they
are both penned, and neither can run.
ge- OuR sanctum was honored during
8e, the week by the presence of the af
of fable gentleman, Mir. Jas. Pollock. We
ICT were pleased to meet him, and his
ish genial humor made us forget for the
nonce the grinding statues quo.
JULES E. MESSI, Agent Steamer
ice Bart Able, has our thanks for files of
late city papers. Keep it up Jules.
Of the 9000 bales of cotton raised
r in this parish, 4000 go for labor, 1500
Ub- for meat, 1120 bales for shipping and
led selling expenses, leaving but 2,380
bales to pay (?) the planters expenses
ibe --interest and tax on land, mules,
will &e., and for the support of the
itb drones. How's that for fortunes?
ore Read up farmers and fgure your
guns (t)
Furniture of all kinds and a full
r, aueortment of Goods at McCoook &
Sr1. .o.
Red River Transportation
Every season Red River witnesses Cal
a fight between established and inde- of L
, pendent lines of steamers ; between, Still
as we will show, their true friends to in'
and their gougers. We contend, and talk.
believe we have the support of all missi
f large shippers in that contention, zed t
that the present Pool line of steam- mont
ers now transporting freight and pas- a we
sengers in Red River is the best, the a
g fairest, and most reliable system ever on 11
t yet had in operation in the river. Maj.
Sonic mien contend that is a mono- I )istt
,poly- we do not see a single feature 000
I about it that would give it that name. Ilayu
r On the contrary, it is more a mutual and
e concern between shipper and trans- san
. porter than otherwise. the 1
Dy uring low water their charges are 17th,
not too high, when we consider the
fact of the difficulties and dangers y
they encounter to enable us to ship TI
at all. In fact, they are not paid a cies
rate to justify the risk; and when slon
e less than quarter loads, all they can men
3. to'r wmedrl tmr ylnr« imtilttaynobtheesTr·.· li
rates, we at once see there is less men
r money for the line, than in high wa- man
,e ter at Card rates. rant
ii This Pool line haIs, through all sea- lega
t sons, whether high or low water, pay- net
In ing or losing money, supplied the of t
!y trade with transportatioIn at fair
t- rates-this nmuch is what they ha ve
done, besides which, it is a resonsi- l
r- ble corpol'ration', and losses are simi
tlt promptly adjusted. while the public his
is is accoimmodated in a busiels-like, T
n" prompt and systematic manner. The diti
r- Indeplendent boats conic in duriig fell
d, one season only-when freights are Cle
Is, plenty and rates paying. They can ilop
ir take treights for nothing almost, for til I
he running expenses for the time being is
a all they want. As soon as the ice
a melts in the Northern streams these less
he guerrillas of the trade spread wings and
we and go hence. The people therefore, If
ir- only furnish food for a lot of interlo. lag
n- pers, who are irresponsible as trans. red
3," porters, and accommodating only for this
ryv the moment, instead of standing l,y
as the Company that is a fixed fact, and Go
be emnains with us at all seasons. dal
,n Let our shippers in future sustain leg
0. the Pool Line as long as it isconduet- a
six ed as now, and until something bet- ca1
l-. ter and more permanent presents it- bet
'on self. leg
c Champion Improved BUCK'S the
BRILLIANT Stoves. HER.N- ce
DON'S PATENT CHURN, and
all lines of HOUSE FURNISH- to
'# by
the ING goods at T. Haller's. Go
ON - +c-- -,4
sal Useless Suggestions.
to We would most respectfully urge wo
ick upon our Mayor the nocessity of en- mi
en. forcing the Vagrant law, and of put- tie
be ting such as are vagrant to work on thl
to the streets, as well as those who are sw
ial fined for violating city ordinances, and is
ed- are unable to pay. ot
md The streets are full of loafers-chron- ie
of ic moss-backs, who have not, within Cc
ing the remembrance of the oldest in- th
rhe habitant, done an honest hour's work. in
iar- Hen roosts, clothes lines, wood piles,
ate and stores are being constantly rob- an
all bed-this class are certainly the dep- In
redators. th
for It is too, expensive to jail criminals, Si
en- a great many of whom prefer to go n
ope there than pay a fine, and those who di
,of are unable to pay fines should he o
rol made to work it out on our streets. ft
nce All incorporated towns have such
rty. power, this we know has; and our
our citizens earnestly entreat the city r
will authorities to enforce the law with ti
igh the utmost rigor against this class of v
as a out-laws upon society.
ban - * d
HERNDON'S PATENT CHURN t
AT T. HALLEW'S STOVE DE- tl
cor- POT. i
-4·)----t4 G
&C, We have thie pleasure of congratu
New lating our citizens upon the appoint
itate ment of a Tax Collector for our par- a
Ltdo ish by Goy. Nicholls. Col. L. N. ,
was Lane, to the equal surprise of him
roes self and every one, received the ap
r or pointnlent on Friday last. Having a
aase this honor tlirust upon him, unsought
his- and unsolicited, we can emphatically a
ends announce, fromnt personal knowledge. r
ele, Col. Lane feels constrained, in the
New interests of his people, and with def
rain erence to the opinion of Governor
good Nicholls, to accept the position so
will kindly tendered him.
sees That Col. Lane will fulfil with vig
and or, impartiality and competency, the
e, s duties of the office, need not be
they doubted, as it is not by those who
run, know him. Col. Lane will be ready for
busjness and will push matters at once
e f- in support ot the legal government,
We to which the loyal tax-payer will res
his pond. I
e----~ -- I
r he Wanted to exchange Texas lands
for Louisiana lands.
J. J. McCooK & BRO.
es of How about stopping that 1500 bale
es. leak that goes out of our 9000 bale I
used cottoo crop to Cincinnatti, for meat I
1500 Are not the practical men equal to
Sand the question.
2,380 Thanks to Hon. W. R. Morrison '
aes and Jno. F. House, for copies of tes
tle, timony and Report on the recent elec- 1
n tion in Louisiana. -
your T, Hailer's Steve emporium
keeps Herndon's Patent Churn.
kA SQUARE MEAL FOR FIFTY
CENTS at Burdiek'a Boarding House
Very Latest, Specia
q Cabinet consulting over the cases
of Louisiana and South Carolina.
Still talking of Commissions coming M. F
to investigate Louisiana; which is all Iitt
I talk. Ptnchback says, if the Com- think
1 mission comes it will only be anthori- p111
zed to let Packard down easy. War n
mouth don't believe Packard can last 1i.
a week. Nicholls' Police warrants, hetl
the only paper of that Governnment .un
r on the streets, is selling at 90 cents. tin I
Maj. Burke, tax collector of the 1st ,c:IOý'
I)istrict, New Orleans, collected *20, tnral
e 00() taxes in one day. Presiden I tr
Hayes was asked, was it HIampton (pne
II and Nicholls, answered in eca) 0h,, ve
- Iniptoln and Nic holls. Senate of life b
the United States adjourned sine (lie, pi-e'i
e 17th, love
ie - --. - - their
Is Vacancies in this Parish. dll
There are at present several vacan- ieI
a cies existing in this parish, that steps for il
should he taken at once to fill. Two into
Smelmbers of the Legislature, a Parish currt
R tecorder, oPifflwI cl.f, Nhq..Colt, onle r
meronus Justices and Constables of to ha
Wards are now acting without war- regn
rant of law, or else there has been no it at
a legal or lawful qualification under the draw
net creating the Board of Canvassers c'at
of this State. othe
S P. A. Simmons is not a legal Judge Afrie
--having never qualified under the hie
law, by filing his Nicholls Commis- vc-n
sigo ; and we contend that all acts of libel
his are null, and of no effect. the
' Thin Police Jury is in the same con- theii
he iuni
dition, as well as numeroas "othler nof
fellows ;" while the Radical Sheriff, Iued
re Clerk, and Recorder, have held back, o~le
an hoping that Packard would win, un- it ,
til the 30 days in which they are te- stel
ice uird by law to qualify, have expired. chni
Kellogg's Comnmissions are worth- 11a1r
less, because issued upon the flulings rein
g and carnass of the Returning Board. r
re, If they were good in one instance in n i
law, they are good in all; and to
nrecognize the lawful government of ,at
for this State, nothing is required but to P
quality under the Commission of lic
Governor Nicholls, issued in accor- app
dance with the first law passed by his hun
gi legislature, authorizing and requiring lani
et- a canvass to be made of the votes day
cast on the 7th of November last, cle
it- a l'
because it was and is held that no tra
legal canvass had been made, and ted
the
(S the result had never been legally as- the
N. certained. old
md These matters should be attended li
to at once, and these vacancies filled wh
by appointment or otherwise, as the ble
Governor may see proper. at
-- - --- Ible
Simmons, the Censorion of the liit
rge world, in these parts, is so all-fired ser
en- mnad because the Vindlcator's circula- sys
gut- tion is creeping over the thousands, u
;on that lie wants our mailiing clerk to z
are swear to it every week. A-dolphus pet
and is a-dam(n) nunisance in the Post- d
otffice, and Postmaster Harkins had wil
on- better yank him out, or else that 31
hin Confederate Colonel now in chlarge of sl
in- the Post office Department at Wash- sy
ork. ington, will hear of it, certain. im
iles, We like business men; In fact, we Ino
rob- a-e fond of them to a loving point- tI
lep- it their place.; which is, not sticking ,i
their noses in other people's affairs. by
als, Simmons is one of this class of bnm- Ir
a go mers, and has been down on the Vin- as
who dicator ever since it refused to be- br
he cone partizan, and support the fraud c
eets- for the Legislature in 1874. th
uch -s -y
ou- THE VINDICATOR, with its 2000 i
city readers, presents the blest medium in i
with tlis entire section of country for ad- ti'
je'
s of vertising, while our rates are com- .
paratively low. As regardsthe news w
department, we are fully determined
JRN to make it the BEST country paper in
DE- the State, and to that end, will pub. m
lish on and after next issue, full Press hi
Dispatches, an enterprise not yet at- t
-atu- tempted by any weekly paper in the
oot- State. Our editorials will be pithy r
par- and to the point, as usual, while the I
SN. selected matter and Agricultural De
hii- partments will be second to none. ti
eap- We advise all who wish to sub- tl
ving scrtibe, and there are many who
iught should, to apply to our local Agents A
ically or to us in person, at once. Should
edge. we be as fully sustained as we anti- a
Sthe cipate, the VINDICATOR will be some. C
def lthing more, as It has been in stand
ernor ing and character, than a mere coun- I
S try paper.
vig- TELEGRAPIIC S[HUMAR.
r, the a
it be New Orleans, March 22d, 1877.
Swho Special to Vindicator. a
ly for A Commission is to be sent here os- 14
tensibly to investigate and report to
the President. The general impression
ment, is that the Commission is to provide for
Sres getting Packard out as easy as possible;
though some think the purpose is to
patch up a Compromise and secure 2 Re
pnhlican Senators.
lands The people are solid aginst anly Com- d
promise. Governor Nicholls, and all our S
friends, are serene and confident.
RO. $50 000 in taxes were paid yesterday
to Maj. Burke alone. Among those who
)bale have, were the Brooks', of Boston, own
ing here a million and a half of property:
)bale H D. Sheppard, Daniel Uqnbart, and
neat Mrs. 81ocomb, all among the largest tax
alto payers in the city. John Burnside the
largest property owner in the city paid
his taxes to-day.
The vacillation of the Administration j
rrison created not the least consternation, it
scarcely affects bonds or even w-rrants.
f tes The Nicholle' government is so firmly
ele- planted that any attempt to upset it
would provoke a civil conuuios. Hayes
dare not attempt it. Feel no apprehen- t
sion, there may be delay in finally dispo- t
ria sing of Packard, but he must go under
It is the decree of the gode. It is im
S portant that there should be no lynch r
law in the parishes; see to this. Our'civ- .
IFTY il officers and Courte must deal with
lecrime. Gov. Nicholls is rfectly conil.
den.. &a ,Y.
Special Correspondulrlce to the Vindicator. electio
News from Our Friends. in nun
Sishes I
PlARAn isE LOST, t
Natehitoches, Parish MarchL 15, '77. to tie
ex -Pre
Mr. Editor :
1 ittle did Milton the ilnmortal hard Gover
- think when he composed his beautiful self
poeen of "Paradise lost." that its nate are s
wouln be applied to a town, where glar
iug mid-day ofthns.s and outyages for qilet
it series of years have I'remained unIIIln- qualii
ished. I)uring my recollection I rememn
' er the iont deatll of a very. resplctabhI are ' i
it VOolig mit1n1, (the noble Garzia was at vi- their
i. ti likewise) committed in our midst,
lwhose executor was never punished
ctused by a mcwked trial, and ill the na- Th
tural course of events the perpttratii
t surrendered himself to his Makt r. whom.
I trust i;s had ercly 1upon his poor soul ithl
n (provided olhi Nick did not int( afeml.) As tir ill
S.often repeated outr.ges ill onur i:idst
have been coimmnitted until secaurity ofc
life became very doubtful Terr r once Gorer
e, prevailed to such an extient 11he tilthe erni
Nieholsons as clhiefs prevailed, for their
love of the Almighty Dollar Sitercedel of Li
their love to Alimighty G;od ; that their tive I
deeds like the Coco, the Iermuda and lasta
lGuinea llcsses. whel n plantedil into it conlll
- mnlity Iproduced selds of the saIIle kind, ilrec
which ud's piowerftul mill shall eradicate. regio
P5 for the slow process of time, grinds all
ro into dust, as into dust wve mullst return. c
IBut ia few nights since aniother affray oc- der
l'currevd between two young men of color, curi
ot, e was Robelrts anlld the other Silvy; it
eItI l iruiul.that the matter should he ing t
of to hand comiilt; in otlhcr woTit.a1'Bal h l t.
fr- regular pugilistic waly ; lit it they start
no d at dawn, whenl the oldler Silvy creel that
in t e realr of his brother's opponeit, ana,
he drlaws his knife andilill stabs him in the li.lk,
,rs eautsing it deep wound fromi which poorl pove
Ilorlerts still lies Iprostrate. 'hi e an- their
other f: in. c. Went some tilme since to the
ge African Methodist church. disturbed the tyia
le quiet andllil peace of its sanictulal from the I
which he was finally ousted, and in re- soon
1veinge drew his six-shooter which he de
of liberately fired it ia freed llan breaking boa
his arm. Haid he beeun a white man how her
the radical lorglns woill have exploded N<
n- their initralllet-'s; thereuponi our111 wort ihy
nmit ister sermonlized oil the criinality heal
of the act, when tile aggressor emblol- cut
ifi cled lby his pre eolence goes to the Cath
k, o:ie church cap-ia-pi, threatenling witll som
pistol itn handi the life of our much Ihelov- th
-ed pastor int rev erting to Silvy I wioull! ula
re- state that he belonged to the Campte
ed church, anid was tin etfualnt ide choiir." As tow!
usual nothing was done, llhe offenders gout
th- are at large and mote than pilobalble will
ris rceail llln unpuniisiled. We have actually
rd. returned into the old stage of barbarism lul,
which if tolerated, and not checked by hin
ain in iron haud will irender this country as
to dismal as the Hlercynian ftrest of Ger- dent
many. Oh, mysterious world ! what dull
of shall be our ultimate end, our destiny i the
to Pray tell tue with regard to the smug
of gling otour cottoii is there no legal way he l
to check it ? Suppose a secret police was an s
or- appointed, the investment would yield a
his hundred fold the amount lost in cotton: te
for now it is carried within the timbe ed to rV
ing laud in depllot and brought oult at mid- -
ites day by wagon loads. As stolelC goods are
ist, cheaply had, with a deni-john of whisky busi
a hale of cotton can be purlchased in pre
no trade. While the negroes halve connit
.iid ted every depredlation ulon 4our lhogs. e
the habit has Ibcomlie so conimmon that ing
as- there is no security for the pork, but the time
old mill will grind theni yet. Men blas
ded pheie to such a degree that even Dan proi
ltice blushes ait the beailutifil exlresions are
while the very horse that I ride stum
the iles at each occurrellce, ow can a par
father bless his child. when he is cursed soil
at; and how then can the Almighty soll1
bless our endeavors when so many damn
thie 1im Still
e We nmust reform not only in the civil ij1
red service, but throulghout our whole social w
lai- system, for the colored fni's are as aI
uts, unit, whi e the homogenetous Caneassian yie
aren oas llplosd to one anolther as the
k to zenithll is to the nadir. In alnotller res
has pect we should hIiangi' ouIr systeml of pie
pst- etit jury. Iy appoin tinlg respectable free- toil
ililclders, wihose wisdllll alid jiltglient nu
had will purify the sanctity ill 1i1 llcriminall
thatand judliciary process. Their tiint of of- ty.
tice to last live years, nider a special Vii
e of slilary of 65 per day. As it is our pres
ash- systelm of metilng justice is a mere flrce. e
Now to other lmattelrs, if we wish to its
improve the learning of our youths, the tile
we most coiltpttenlt professions should he
nt cimployedl under goilod salari s, who after
S1- years ser\vice shoull he allowed la ipenc
king sion, with the privilege of establishling
ris. by public appllropriation, all Acadlemy of
arts anld scieles.
m Withl regard to our local improvemnlenis, th
Vin- as an outlet is desirable, we wlllt ae
e bridlge to span Black Lake to ciniect
and facilitate its coinunlicationl more ili
raud closely with Red river : also liie across
the river at (Grand Ecore, (silnie the oihl
system of ferry-boat has become too
2000 etfte and objctive.) When such shall th
have been constructed, weekly comnmui
m in nications by a line of stage from Clon
Sd. tierville (in speaking distance of the iro- lit
jected railroad) to Coushaltta, would isl
com- prove a resort of pleasure to nany
news who weuld visit the different sections of
ied our parish if only transportation could
0 be bad. T
er in Inotice that the printing hill enact- sit
pub ment has reduced the printing official
Press documeuts to a minimum. In doing so, i
however the salaries from the Goverl;ori
at at- to the Counstable should be brought to i
the one half. The lawyeres fees and dctars' p
fees likewise; for we are all pour and ce
pithy reduced. Though our presentstatesm en b
e the should not disregard the claim of our pt
o- democratic editors whose indauuted
courage in their out spoken manifesta
p. tions and at the peril of their lives won t
sub- the victory we lown enjoy. To them we bh
owe an eterlastinmg ,rtitude for which a
who bonus no matter how great is no reward. tli
gnts Against the office seekers, we are in com- ti
ld mon bitterly oposed, for he who seeks of
an office, as a general rule, seldom ever of
anti- succeeded at his undertakings, and how ju
om can he or they properly manage public di
tallai, after neglecting their own. Iu
s- tead, we want experienced men who
coun- held up their beads aloft beyond the
breakers during these fifteen years of op
pression.
What we also absolutely require tl
probono publico, is true enlightment, of
and that can only be accomplished by E
men of learning, especially in the uEnglish o
87. langunage, who will devote their time v
not for the gain of money, but for the t(
re os. love of Christ, to go from hamlet to hanm
irt to let as did the apostles to christianize our
ession wondering people. Until that is done,
de for we can expect nothing more, nothing less
sib'e than confusion worse confounded For"
is t good moral of any church is good moral, tl
2 Re- likewise a good man of any church is a Il
goodman. Henceit is the duty, bounden i
Coin- duty, of every minister who preaches the tl
illour gospel to go and redeem our fallen peo- ti
ple from the halbamoka. the devil in the
erda Powhatan dialect.
e who LE GRAND GOSSIER. P
,own
erty; Win Pariah. i
sttax fn
le the [Our Special Correspondent.] a
y paid WINNFIELD, LA., March 1877. t
ration Editor People's Viadicator : i
t'n By your permission, I will with i
firmly much pleasure utilize the columns of
set it your excellent paper, as a medium
through which I will communicate to I
Sthe pnblic all local matters and items a
ram of interest as well as local occur- Ii
lynch rences we being without a paper in ii
ar'civ- our own parish.
con As all question of right to the par- t
Y. ih offices was ftlnally settled by the a
election, (there being 110 contect) ours collsis'
in nunmber, among those fortunate pali
ishes that have inever been sutbjtcted lhreinrt
to the annoyance and distt bane of shall
ex-President Grant and (wouldl-be) above
rl Governor Packard, all reliable, and ther
sec.
it self preserving "statls quo" and we That
are so far enjoying perfect peace tlll corpol
r tiiiel aniit olr friends elect have dltly the pt
qualified, anlllt heell inllli'Ited into iild after
are low discharging the functions of counti
their resplective oflicles, in perfect est ar
l harmonly andl ithllout (istuirllalice. aid1 r1
T- Th're is noexcitenmeiit anllng pol- lt
cda ys.
nsiticiau here, bit '11, are awaiting fill:
1 with great anxiety atrl confidence for :itfor't
Sthe illustirious day when (E.N. ItAn , aid f
cis T. NlIlloll.s i wio is the people's ihV.
if tlllll
('Gorctiio.t1 vill graspi the reigns Iof gyv- ili thi
e er nt ltiand gallantly leadl the tate and l
,I of Louisiana from under the opera way s
il tive hiands of the ltmost infa;ltions and I'ha'
º -laastardly bands of thieves and piiin- pta rit l
i1, derers that they may retlirn to the dei. f
e.' region of the '"Northl" whence they tie y
* caine, iand there drag ollut the remin- jula
Ic der of their miserable lives in ohb
i' scurity, as they deserve, with nith- at al
ing to malr their sweet Ileace of mind,
I tl . that theli l:trv well pterformed Lis
A- hl e .....-. -.-....1 to them.
,I- that of reducing the State of Lottls
iana to the superlative degree of .'
,,t- poverty and disgrace. Il'"such is onul lne
i- their tate the poor down trodden anlid stoil
e tyranlnically oppressed State unlder '
on the leadership of Gov. Nicholls can I' P
re- 1soon prt'oclai her treedloni and again i. I
l boast of that liberty she once called
OW her own.
oed Now to say something ablnt the
ity health of the counltry which at pres
ld- cut is very good, there have been ,
lt some few cases oft Ipnelrilllia during Pui
ov- th - wiutel, but very few fatal. 'Thle L.
l measles ihas beeti raginig some in out i;
As town, but i8 about gono now and vey 13Crt
ers goid health prevails. Th'lie weather N
ill gr ~'
for some time past has been bealnti ne
inm lul, it seeming that the present sun-
by shine has been sullicient to arouiise the
. drloolping energies of man, however
hat dull he may feel from the effects of
the oppressive winter through which schc
u r.
v- he has just past, which, together with
alas an occasional shower of rain render -ill
oi: the days very delightful and serves Mrs
eel to remind us of the filact, that Spring door
lid- time has come again. Mercantile M
sky business in our town is very dull at Cha
ii present, the winter stock being about this
nit- exhausted. The diligentr farumers be- best
hating mindful of the fact that Spring as t
' time is here, andt that the country 's t
Dun prosperity depends in a great ieas hen
ions are upon them, they are matkin;g plle- Hot
"i a paratious for the cultivation of the VIr
rsed soil. Some are planting their corn, Cr
our
hty some are through planuting; and i rie
supnpose the corn crop will all be put feel
'ivil in the ground during this tuotith I ºr"
cisl We hope they may have an abuniud.t gal
sian yield, and that they tiay realize be
tte ylndll their exlectations, and mii the
Sof pleaselitly enjoy thle result of their i
free- toils nluder a govealnmeita that ean
land will insure tihem ieace andl lilber- E
ol ty. May sulccess ever crown the i
ciaI Vintlicator as an able expollent of ,
IeDeLocratic pirincilles antd 'what
b to its nalle iundicates a "viudicator" of at
it the peopl's rights.
ifter Yours truly, ano
n. F. the
y of We beg to call especial atteutionl to
ents, the following sections of Act. No 4), DI
at a entitled an act to regulate public hei
more pirinting, etc., approved narch I2thl, an
ross 1877 and pliotnulgated Wedtesday wi
too March 14th, in the otlicial journal of P1
shall the State. We quote sections 16, 17, &(
u 18, and 19, which coer all that re- sea
Iro- lates to printing in the country par- ea
oultl ishles, save books, &c. Mi
i Extracts Piinting law cl
could Sec. 16. Be it further enacted, etc.,
That in all parishes of the State out- ,
iact- side thle pa:ish of Orleans, where ad
cial vertisealents are required to be manlide
S0, in relation to judicial proceedings, or ve
in the sale of property under judicial
etors' process, or in any other legal lpro- f
and ceeding lf whatever kind, they shall
smen be pliblished in an English newlpa
f our per printed in the parish in whlich the i
utted proceedings are carried on; and if
feta there be no newspaper published in re
won the parish, the advertisements shiall
ntwe be made by posting themi at or near
ward. the front door of the court-lhouse, or ri
i comn thle place used as such, alid at two C
seeks other public places in different part L
ever of the parish ;prorided, that as regalrds
how judicial and legal advertisements uli
public der publication when this act becomes t(
In operative, the previous sectilon of
Srwhoi this act shall not affect the same, but
of o it shall be legal to continue thle ad
tvertiseaents in the paper in which na
quire they are being pnublished, or in any l
menit, other daily newspaper published in
td by English in saiiJI parish for thle Ibalaitce
nglish of the timne during which sach all. E
time veltisements should respectively have of
r the to be coiatiuiicdl to coiplete the sanltd bi
neour according to law.
doel Sec. 17. Be it fuilther enacted, etc.,
ig less That where there are two or mlore ti
For newspapers published in the parish, b
moral, the defendant or party invested by ir
t is a law with the direction of the proceed
undot ings shall have the right of selecting tl
es the tihe newspaper in which the alver- i
Pe~o tiselneut is to be made, if aplplied for
Stue within three days after notice of such
[ER. proceedings, or the seizure made tin- d
der tile process ; should the defetud- n
ant negect to select, the plaintiff 'shall y
have the right to do so ; and, should
neither plaintiff nor defendant select,
I or the party invested by law with t
i, thedirection of the proceedings, the
sheriff, constable, clerk or other of
ficer charged by law with the carry a
with ing out of the proceeds, shall select. c
n a of Sec. 18. Be it further enacted, etc.,
That the costs of suchll adveltisenteats o
din shall not exceed in the parish of Or- a
ate to leans the rate of seventy cents pIer
items saquare, or fraction thereof, for the
ccnr- fIlst insertion, and tweuty five cents t
er in for each subsequent insertion; and
in the other parishes one dollar per A
square, or fraction thereof, for the
par- irst insertion, and fifty cents for each 1
t the subsequent insertion. One square to I
s conist of14 theit spc f .n 11 304 II eWS
words solid Inrttlri. It such niews.
1a pjir I refuses to pjlblisii at the rate
hierrit sl'ci ti"ed, the advild %i.,ements
shall be pIllished il the nriuller
abuve provided fiiri i c;-as whiere
there is no new p:Ipers.
Sec. 19. He it liiither ('ina tfed, etc.,
That the police .jries, and v.,i,tun allaL
corlporations in till patishor. iInui'ng
the parish of Orlh:itn, shall lint here.
iafter order i(' pluliir Ii prin ,ii ai ny
kind, uInless the. s;lile lit' l: I' i1lter
coititaet anld adijlical tii n , It, hi . 11 i.
cst and hest Wilder, uhaler ;' ruleli l ias
aund regulations as they litr:n e-tablish
alter due pItn lic ;iiiot e of it l;i>t ;rt
days. and the price lierii f, rhall I,t
n iariv C;ti e xi' e .tied the i ii, tixr. a,,
.'i;f~rtsaid (or itidiri'ia) are:t i c iit ,n nts
il fol oth l pii ii, 11' a,, .
the~y sh'all ill no ra-;, erxrli,,J the n, Il e..
ih llt l priceflixd for Stire 'l'iitinl
in this act. 'l'ih said poli,' .i j ires t
Sand iin icipall corporaIoil.n shall al
wv.'s have re-erved to th the iighlt
Sof irjecting any and all hill, andI I
shall requitie adequate se('rs ty ill tlo
pariih from tlhe lowest and ,.et bl(
' der for the conUplelte filillllnet of
Sthlie coilntract reslti ng ifroll the ad
judication.
S Just received a new lot of wagous
at McCook & liro.
- --, *
d List of Arrivals at Principal IhoteIls,
(, re W lihiers. 'ari'i : Waltir boge.,
New Oh'leahilM. Ia.: W Moin.l. Nw Or
1 laiis, La.; G ' Khilh, l';rii h: lhenal
Ill Stiklow. Nxw (-h-leans. Lia.: Neil,
e P'ri-h; C J , mit h. ('ity: I L" (','rtes,
( (w O) i'Ins. La.; Geo A. Hhi' Itt. N 0
i r P la ilroad 1 luk.r, ;ari ; R Cir
In tis, P';n'ish ; \\ ' F Partin, \ ihai . La.; 0.
S. Penit' hid River; M Frant;liu, N 0
t La.;
he Plant ol fell
s- G A Alhrhih. Railro:l: A: It \Viliamis,
Shrr'teport. La.i: .1 \" Snl,|,htih, ('its:
el .\ r'oiiollunl i . P':irishl , Jollh .,lain,
X P,urish: G. \1V thlve, Grand }core: l ,
i N lane ., rvanlt, i 'arli hi Naririsi; e Pr-r
ilhinuiie, PiIrish : ('aplt hI IiUliliin. Par
is ; linr Sito ckler, New Iberia; R
'y Crteis New )ieli-,;i; liiisJ es Pohlloek,
N'w OrIl aits; S M ('runup, PRrisli; Rio.
gr e, I'airi -ih: .J .J A Martin, 'Pari.shi ; I
t ull '%se, Caie Rivir.
I]
le SPECIAL I\El S llmS1[TI0
'er -
of I.s. I. A. AI.s.1sN  has opened a
lschool on St. Denis street, for boys
ith and girls, where English and French
lr will be taught. For ternis apply to
es Mrs. ALt.ts(x, at her residence, neaxt
ng door to the Luand office.
ile Messis. Chaplin, Cunningham &
at Chalplin's Law Card will le found in
tit this week's issue. This is one of our
h- best and most enterprising law firms,
ing as those who have had business with
. them will testify.
S Judge C. Chaplin, lately of the
hs iench of the 17th Judicial D)istrict;
re- Hon. J. H. Cunningham, well and fa- -
lthe vorahly known to our olest and best
r citizens, with T. P. Chaplin Esq.,
Sour, and every one's bright young
friend, compose the new firm, and we
Pitt fel assured their business will be as
ti I irge as their attention to it and L
Lit gal qualifications merit.
be- We beg to call uIollice attention to
any the fact that Mr. A. G. Rudd will re.
nar main lit one week longer in our city.
can Mr. Rudd is undoubtedly the VYERY
sIt- JEST Artist that has been in onr city
the since the war, and all who desire
o ifctitres that are gerns and true to
ot life, will do well to visit his Studio
at once, and seeure them.
Rememiber' UIoue haCe but one iced -
more. (1d yea shtuhl call e(r(1 , becauli t
the rush wtill be (/resi
to Tr. L.DIEs EMurounws of J. A.
4P, Ducornean, Front Street, has just
blic heen replenished by that enterisising
2th, and tasty gentleman to repleti0b,
day with full lines of FANCY and STA.
I of PLE DRtY GOODS, Cloths, Clothing,
,17, &c., which are offered, as will he
re- seen by his advertisement, at nBoT0o
par- PRICES. We advise all to go eaRlyti 1
Mr. Ducorneau's anti secure first
choice of fuesh goods at low ptie.
e A CCRE VOR CiNutfIOx", bronchitis, utl J
Olit- iin, ciitri h, throat aid long diseases. A Is
a. an. relhef anid permanent curs for ru~trli
l dspepsia and all nereola uffectill
iade b vegetalili iniderine. which eurldi
, or venirable missionary Physirhan who wlag1
rcsideiit of Syria and tIe East, and who Si
freelh giveii tiis valualtle specific to thonusas
jir- of kiihred o ituers with the greatest p
shah benefits. and he now frels it hisacred riiIb
duty to impart to others this woniderfnl l
B orujing riendy, and will send FREE the o!"
t ginal recipe ciinplete. with full directiolbbt
any person itielosing stanili for reply. AddiNI
DR. CLARK A. IOBhINS. Grrely Blok,#'
I 1t recuse, N. Y. (P. ' Box 76.)
shall
near Parties having purchased the
e, 01 right for IUERNDON'S 1ATTElt
twt CumiN, are inotrmed that T. 11A =
part LER, Tin and Sto'e dealer on
nil Washington Street, is prepared
to supply them with Churns oful
of plete,.ol demand.-Ad.
bitt -
. We beg to call attention to ti _
hich notice of the sale of the ware-noOs
11 business of Messrs. Chambers & Ba?"
bee, of Giand Ecore, to Wmi. FreaSh
ad- Esq., and also to the advertisemal
have of Mr. tFrench who will continue the
sat business. Mr. French is a yoaig
etc., nan of splendid business qualifia
oretis and sterling habits to whom all
risl, business matters can be with a5det
by intrusted, and we know we speak b1
*,t the card when we say he will do thi
Iver- lion's share of it.
I for -*
such To prevent drunkl'uness, oe
e u drink ; but if you have been drinkingt
feud- more of it will not sober yon. Whili
shall yoi are shaky, nervonos anl dlstres*
usuld sed, have resort to 8inuionS' Livel
elect Regulator, as a tonic to aronoe pY
with torpid liver to action, enliven Ya
the spirits, dissipate the blues, and d
rf.away despondenicy. Nine cases bs
carry of ten, it is your heavy liver ths
elect. causes your desire to get rid of yeou
etc self in intoxication. We kiow but
ne Idreda that have tried our remued,
f Or and it has proved their salvation.
5 lie. ---,o
r the You Cannot Hide It' o Tha
cetts tarrh spoils yonr voice," Lr.
and McLean's WVonde ful Catsrrh.
per soothes and heals all irritatiOfl iD
r the nose, head or thront, a sure to
each Tuial boxes 50c,. by mail. pr
a to H. McLeau 314 Chestnut, St. L