ýuý ýapt iaruator,
Adrel isiueullive I)ocrt '1rat .
% £Jgarex. rnlIll y I:. COSCROVE
2 s,1uareX... Ifll 13 nI 1?;Wl! 5ol.j i~nl11 I 'M 2
2s~lllrr:.. .1 u1
PIublie~hud Every SATIUIWAYX1 M!,i'uiiig,
d1 rqflaro h. 17 I ; 2)I (Jv;j 1h r!{y 0I' 411 1)
S sq alS Cd r . .. 2 ýIIý " I 2 4 $ ) ) $ d , I l EII ( iILI sL : Su1 1s-r i--tio-- -l l- - -
f qBC · I I n :I~l lii l II, SU *II7$U~II ( )I)('(. , 0110 utIC'il'................-~ :I
5 suae'.. tiIi- - -- --- -- ----~--- ----: un copy, 8iXs uotIcIl.v.............~. o
jo snarea.,. 4'{ "3 7 m :15 i a ;n OIn o 1U 1111 nocit
S . 1 311 ) I711 _i m 25 n
I squares... 6 N1 1ý~ 'f X Official Organ of the White Citizens of Red River, Sabine, Winn and Natchlitoches Parishes.
Transientadvnrtiseulel) ' 1.3I , 8)rhrritret -ý --- - - -N - - -c iii ha. A ll $h r I i inu i l it,
to lines Brevier, firs' t asrtinh Each aul'err
qnent insertien VOL IV. N iNAIU1CH.t JHA., O5Ji8II $ J1H't* t j\I #38
Professional Cards.
.7. J. CUJNN'ýýINJl GII.diid,
ATTORNEY' -T LA II.
St. Denis Street, Natehilocl.hes, La.
WUILL practice in the Court, ;t Naichitochr. I
VVabine, Desoto atid Red River arndl in the
Supreme Court ofthe State.
Wm. II. Jac].,
tSncreMaor to .JACK & PIi.aos)
Attorney and C'ouWelohr at Law
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
VILLpractice in thue (Courty of Xatehitnche.
SYlblu,. DeSoto, Rest River, Winn, R ipideN,
rant,an. d in tlhe Supremie coir of thr h
.-Claimsn promptily attendedl to.
April 2s 1577.
Wm M£. Levy,
ATThRXEU AT L.I f.
(Has Resumed the Praetiie of his Proft -esioo.)
WILL practice ii the Parish and District
Courts of Natchlitochles and Red River
Supreme Court of Louisiana. United statets ile
trictand Circuit Court oft LUnisiiint , I. d1.
;ourt of Claims at Washington.
Q" Office in the Lacosie Ihuiilingi (I'p
Stairs.) ,]
NATCHIITOCHES, LA.
May 2t6, IS`
J H . CUNNINGHAM,
$ttornty & Qounuti or at raw,
St. Denis Street,
Natchitoches, : : : : La.
W ILL give prompt and perstonal at
Steutiot to all blusilness 1ent rused to
his care
Practices in the I)strict and Parish
Coorts in tihe Parishes of Natchitoches,
Red River, I.eSotsinadl $abihil, aw4l Ietfore
the Supreme Court mat Monroe andt New
Orleans. .Jn 5 -l.
JORIr B. ROBERTSO.V,
(Late of New Orleanas,)
ATTORNEY & COUNSELOR AT LAW
COUSHIA'TT1'A.
BED RIVERT PARISH. LOiSIA XNA.
Will practice in Conshalltttla, Natchito
ethe, Manatield, Many, and in every part
otNorth.west Louisiana. Special atten
Stion given to Land cases and Successions.
Jane 9th, 1877-tf.
C.CHAPLIN. C. F. I)RANOEaT. T. P. ('IIAPLIN
CtPLL, DRANGUET & CHAPLIN,
S Attorneys at aIcw.
NATCHITOCIIES, LA.
PRACTICE in the District Courts of
Natchitoches, Sabine, DeSoto and
Red River and in the Supremen Court of
the State. March 2-ly.
DJA.'L. £. SCARBOROUJElA,
ATTORIEY IN FACT.
W ILL practice in the District and
SParish Courts of Natehitoches,
Winn, Sabine and Grant.
Af beusiness intrusted to his care wVill
receive prompllt attention.
Office with W. H. Jack Esl., Second
Street, Corner Trdenu x, Natchlitoches.
La. Dep.'1. {
J N. B. TUCKER,
Attorney and Counsellor at brn,
OFFICE
St. Deail Sreet, - Naitchitoches, La.
W ILL practice in the District and Par
ish Cotrrtn of Natchitoches, Sabuiuo
Dndto and Red River, and the nSuprernme
Ooars of the State.
All mainewas nutrusted to his care will
reoeive prompt attenution. Apr 13-ly
Business Cards.
J. C. Trio~hel,
-DEALER IN
DRY GOQD, ,gOGERLES, HARD.
WARE, ROOTS and SHOES, HATS,
ETC.
Hlgbest cash prtx praid for Cotton and
Couonry Produce.
«t, WASHlNGTON, ST.,
NATCHITOCHES AI
A. h. 3LLA DU) N. H. CAIPI3ILt
¾' ~~ii ~d &t Camphell,
0I, , :. GROCERIES,
RARDWARE,
Andylaora blrelancisu
* Vruw PRO;? k LAVATKim~g'Stroet,
:i 'h N~ztcfitochee, La.
_ ffje4B1T ah prtce pae.1 fr cotton and
T ti~uuyprodnce In aroW' meroahmlise.
web 9S -ly.
t;4LMMLEY & C;5
*: -1~( - AlP-
! 1Wj1 con w 11ICIIANTS.
Vex P@ ACTIu
t NUI81 "EOUR IiAIT
.`.~C ui '~i
*9 ciftn lEZT sT.,
)khIVc~* Tj. 41W.Or~e& us.
23~~ji
·~~ ~~!i 'S'st6i~·1
I I iteeI lalll'lll l S.
CAI
In the most gcenial h.tlm:u ever'I usedtl by
- sufferers froan pulmonary diseases.
It is compotn4lof hert: )luSr'uct, whicll
have a sei'citlc etrit on We tlihroat andI
lungs; detaches fironu the air rlle all ir
ritating matter; (:luses it to be expecto
rated, and a;tonce ch(ceh. the intiammation
which prodlucen the nusn'g. A dingle doseo
C relleves tho most distreoinfl paroxyum,
soothes nervonsneset, an t enables the suf.
fet to enjoy quimet res.t at night. ehing a
pliduant cordial:. it tones the weak stom
ahand is epvcially recommenuded for
chlren.
What othcers say about
Tatt's .Expectorant.
Had Asthma Thirty Years.
BIt aLTIMon FebIrunry3,1, 1RK.
"I have had Ations tiriv years, ari.l aecrioud
a medicine that had such a haipyv Ot t t."
W. F. iOGAN, C"arles St.
A Child's Idea of Merit.
Nov OuE.\Nss, 'ooremc r nl, r .
"Tutt's Expertorant is a fLntlah r name in my houc.
My wile thinks it the best medicine in the wor t,
and the children syv it is 'rniVr il:'t nml te.
candy."' NOAH WOODWARLD, 101 N. Poydras St.
"Six, and all Croupv."
"Iam the mother of six childr ni; allo them have
been croupy. Without Tutt's Elpectiratnt, I don't
think they could have survived some ofl the attacks.
It is a mother's blessin g."
MARY STEVENS, Frankfort, Ky.
A Doctor's Advice.
*Inmy practice, I adviseal atii'stokeepTu's
SExpectorant, in sudden emergencies, for cougl. ,
croup, diphtheria, etc."
T. P. ELLIS, M.D., Newark, N. J.
5old by all druggists. Price $1.00. O1ire
35 Murray Street, NY w York.
11 It
"THE TREE IS KOWN BY ITS FRUIT."
"Tutt'sPills are worth their w hlt in gnli." *
REV. I. R. SIMPSON, Louisville, Ky.
"Tutt's Pillsre ar "blecsing of the nine.
teenthcentury."-REV. F. R. OSGOOD, New York.
" I have used Tutt's oils or torpor of the liver.
They are superior to any medicine for b:liary dis
orders ever n:ui."
I. P. CARR, Attorney at Law, Augusta, Ga.
"I have used Tuft's Y eTs fa years in miy familvy.
They are unequaled f orcostiveness and liiouse sii."
t F. R. WILSON, Georgetown, Texas.
*I have used Tutt'i Siedicinewith grcat hbnt f."
W. W. MANN, Editor Mobile Register.
"We sell fifty, bos Ifutt's Pills to five of all
others."--SAYRE & CO., Cartereville, Ga.
S "Tultt's Pills have oily to be trial to establish
their merits. Theynrork like magic."
W. H. BARRON, Summer St., Boston.
" There is no medirine sowell ada:pted to the cure
"of bilious di'orders :us Tutt's Pills."
JOS. BRUMMEL, Richmond, Virginia.
AND. A EI Id MORE.
Bold by daggitata. 25 cents a bor. Ofice
85 Alfurrrsy Stret, New Yorkc.
tf
STUT'tSHAIRDYE
ZNDORSED.
HIGH TESTIMONY.
FRO'f TIF P1('IFIt' JOIRY 1L.
"'A CREA;9 INVENTIQN
has bhcen md Iy H'Ijr. f of w nYork,
S whlch re'tores youthful iheauty t t he hair.
That eminent em lsrist has succee.led in
producing a flair I)e which Imitates
nature to per' a n. 1bt Ia h lor; may
now r tule'.
Price It.( , "31 ri 3ftnrray St.,
3e0 1>1<:. 5:;. by oil druUDgie.
11~ ra lr ."rr1 'r -'
S.
'r E
A Mystery Solved.
The Greatest Medical Triumph of
Modern Timesi 1fth Al ysterious
Channel of Disease Discovered,
arlid a Certain Cure Prori
ted. 77Te Stomach,
Lirecrr and( Bowel, i
the Centre ol' t
Disease.
PIllUSVS I11I( lIll .PM ,
The Great Anti-Billionus Remedy and
Minsmatic Dissolver.
PARSON'S i
PURG-AT'rIVE PILLS
f t
Arc tho result of lon .continred Scien
tific investigation, an' are Warrantfd to
cure all diseases originating in the
Stomach, Liver, and Bowels. No grip
in pains tfllow the use of these Pills, '
unless tlhe Bowels are inflamed; but Re
lief, Inmediate Relief, iI y he relied I
upon. As a Common Fa oily Physic
PAR I 'S
PUIIG A TIE PILLSI
Stand unequaled Ifoire the world to-day.
By varying the W me according to direc
tions, Parsons' Pnrgative Pills effectually
Purify the Blool and greatly alleviate,
if not entirely cure Dyspepsia, Scrofula
or King's Bvil, Rose. Erysipelus or St.
Anthbony' 'ire, Ernptionus, and Eruiyive
Dieases of the 8kin, Salt Rbenm. Tet
le't, R Bgwornu, Sores, Boils, Tumore, e
Morbi 8wellings, Uleorations, Pimples 1
and Blotches.
/VERY BOX WARRANTED.
Most .Col.plete Satisfactioa Guaranteed
or No Pay. 4
Full directions' around 'each box. e
Physclians supplied by mnall,, P -paid, a
for $250 per thousand, in bul aah in
advance. We will send these Pills to
any relibhte druggist or percbant to sell
on commissaion. Agents wanted every- t
where. tAL
pH4 A
it IU3 IAI , ?roprie
r k.
..Jt~i e'i3.· ý .: 3
The Bald-Headed Tyrant.
Oh lite t lnitest home on earth had I,
No thlouglit of nrouh*e, no hint of care
Sike a dr'amll of pleasure the days tled by.
And Peace had folded her pinions there.
tInt one day there joined in our lousehohl
r Landl1(
A ha lit-lheIaded tyrant from No-inuan's land.
Ol! tlie despot (.inec in the dead of night,
And no one ventured to ask him why
Lik slaves we t eilcnied before his might,
" ItiI'- hearts stioodl still when we heard him
or i', ver at siul could his jower with
staod
That. hald -head' d tyrant from No-miatn's
Iand.
11 ,l' ordered il, here and lie sent us there
IThough ni ver ai word could hit s small lips
With hiis toothliless guis and his vacant
.1nd1his helnesslimbs, so frail and weak:
, rh " rides themi all with relentless hand,
lPhis hal-lhaaded tyrant from No-nman's
hBALL'S BLUFF.
flow the Federal Forces Were Defeat
ed There and Driven Overthe Bluff.
1. A. Shot well, a Confederate of
tice, inll the 'PhiladelphiaiTimes, gives
the following account of the defeat of
the Union troops at Ball's Blufif, and
thei death of their gallant commander,
Col. Baker, of California:
Qpl. Eppa Hunton, of the Eighth
Virginia, having~deployed his men
along it little ridge, advanced and
engaged the Federals a few minutees
after 1 p. m. Sharp musketry firing
ensued and continued during the
next two hours. Here was the fatal
mistake of tihe day on the Federal
ºside. In the long range duello the
Confederates had all the advantage. I
So Ithin was their line that nearly every
man could have the shelter of a tree
or stump; whereas, their own shots
could hardly miss the dense line of
hine coats. Thie Virginians and Mis
sippians being accustomed to tile
ritle, miost of them old hunters, rare
ly missed their man. Climbing into
the lops of trees, creeping through.
the tall grass, or concealed in the
gullies, they plied their weapons with
murderous havoc, especially among
the Federal otticers. It was very ;
poor management to allow this to go I
ont. Had Baker ordered a couple of
reginments to sweep the woods he
*onld have cleared his path of all
these death-stinging homnets, and
marched into Leesburg. The Fede I
ral position at this time was upon
the plateau of the bluff, some 600
yards in front of the rliver, where I
there was a cleared hfield of ten or
twelve acneres, with 'a shallow ravine,
or hollow, running through the mid
ille of it. The artillery was planted
to sweep this clearing in front, while
the flanks were measurably protected I
by a series of steepl) hills and rocky I
ravines, all overgrown with scrubby,
stunted pines.
By 4 p. mi. the last of the Federal
troops had crossed and were drawn up
into horse-shoe shape, with the point
of the shoe fronting the ten acre
cleared lot, six hundred yards from
the river blutf. But the loss in otfti I
cers h11d greatly crippled the effec
tireness of the force. Lieut. Col.
.Wistar, of the First California, had
been killed, and his regiolent much
shattered. Furthermore, the Con
federates had been memnforced by the
remainder of the Seventeer thi MIi5
sissippi, perhaps six hundred 11141
kets, and time Eighteenth Mississippi
was within one mile, advancing rap
idly. Per contra, the Virginin regi. I
ment had exhausted its ammunition,
and no one knew where the wagon
trains could be found; war was a new a
business at that date. Men could be
seen crawling about, searching the
boxes of thme dead or horrowing car I
tridges of their comrades--to get one c
mtoi'o shot. Col. Hunton dispatclled
his adjutant to say to General Evans: a
"My powder is out; what shall Ie
do f" "Fix hayonets amid run 'emI
into the river!" quoth "Old shanks" (
(his regular armny sobriquet)', who I
had just taken a liquid reinforceerent, I
eq( oueat to 10,000 men. It was
tinir some decisive nieasure, for
Col. Baker had ordered his riglit
wing to advanag and Aaubthe little
ridge wisenee 0gme rel buletB.
Fortunately'kor the onfederates,
at the moment this amovement began, I
there was heard the pattering foot- I
steps and jilnging canteens of the I
Eighteenth MisMesippi, double-qiuiek- *
ing through the brush; then a wild,
terror-striking yell ; then the eimal- t
taneons erash of 1100 muskets, each I
hurling its leadeni contents along tiem
1federal left and center. The effect .1
was electric. The roar of this mud- 1I
' deu, blinding, rakihg volley was like 1
I the crack of doom. to the already de- I
mnoralized Federals, moost of whom I
were under fre for the first tine, A 9
strange report ran Along the line. at
that Gen. Joe Johnston, withI0,000
fresh men, had jest arrived. Col.
Hiker himself, remarked to aWir id I
that le had seen Johnstoir, mnounted a
on a white horse, ridinjg hi advince I
of his troops, beckorimg with 'hiis '
hand. for tlem to advance. Baker, *
- Cil. Cogewell, - Major Harvey amd I
others were at the time working the
r battery, wlhich had been deserted by I
all save one or two offceres-it being I
plalnly exposed to' the deaidly fl'Iof
the concealed sharp-shooters, 'thie
' rifled 6-poonder could tiot be used, .
I Seeing that the crisis was eome-ti
Confederates assonming the offetipitf I
and closing upon him fropi three
, sides, wh~it 1e riter Mt. hi. back
Ge, Baker, whose only fawlt was
inexperience, torned to tls. (Niyneset
saRthe lres feeble khpe. "Csshliwg( to I
the ueafrS'bwttatioo, bpealing to
44
the~ir Stqte ld ·ot*(Teled
entre~atedi $i
Bis voie;'o nl
oas crac
evetn in the Confederate ranks, urging A
imtploring his men to charge and save
the day and themselves. Thuns inci
ted they began to move, but with
thalnt weak, wavering irresolution-a "
suro precursor of failure. Baiker gal
loped to lead them, but was instantly ti
dismiounted, the volley which slew
his superb steed wounding him also.
But without pansing he gallantly 1
rushed forwam d and was at the head
of his mene-tlhe place for a brave h
,General to die, if tall he must-when
a beardless youth emptied live bar. a
rels of his revolver into him at twen
ty paces, Four of the balls took ef
feet, the first passing throngh his
brain!
At this mioinent the diostile lines i
were within a stone's throw, and both i
advancing. The Federals, seeing the P
- fall of their leader, halted. Some
9 soldiers seized Baker's body and ran 5
with it rearward. This started the S
t rest, and a general retreat took place, 'i
though several brave fellows moved tl
Sso slowly that haud-to-hanud fights P
raged along the whole line during the cil
next ten minutes. Many of lho South- tl
erners also stopped at she cannon, oý
which they wheeled around and en
deavored to lire upon their late own- e
ers, but could not succeed. After- It
SVard one of the- guns was found to Ii
have the hall put in before the pow- W
der-a very good ,reason for its ref.- ft
- sal to explode when solicited. The b
Stemporary failure to pursue enabled PI
f Col. Cogswell-now in command-to tt
I rally a portion of the survivors on Ce
Sthe brow of the bluff, but he was lI
himself bleeding from a wound; Col tl
+ Devens was in like condition; all aI
+ regimental order was lose, and the It
I huddling of the men on the bill ren- a
3 dered the Confederate fire, which was
Srapidly closing in on all sides, so much ih
:mlore fatal. Suddenly the Seven- Il
I teenth Missinssippi came in the flank rc
I with a terrific volley and ended the
Sbattle. Tlhen ensued an awful spec- he
tacle ! A kind of shiver ran through
tr ithe huddled mass upon the brow of
the cliff; it gave way; rushed a few t`
Ssteps ; then, in one wild panic-strick- of
f eo herd, rolled, leaped, tumbled
over the precipice! The descent is ti
inearly perpendincular, with ragged, it
jutting crage, andta water-laved base. to
Screams of pain and terror filled the
. air. Mon seemed suddenly bereft of di
reason; they leaped over the bliuff
with muskets still in their elutch, Pl
threw themselves into thie river with
out divesting theomselves of their la
heavy accoutrementa-hence went to
the bottom like lead. Others sprang
down upon the heads and bayonets of i1
I tlhas below. A gray-bailed private-, a
of the First California was found with
his head smashed between two rocks
I by the heavy boots of a ponderous gli
t "Tammany" man who had broken
his own neck by the fall! i The side of to
the bluff- was worn smooth by the H
number sliding down. it
All the afternoon a steady stream In
I of wounded men had been painfully to
ºworking down the zig-zag path which o
led to the narrow beach, where the
boats touched to convey them across at
to Harrison's Island. The large bat
teaux had already secured a full load fo
when the rout began. The rowersat
shoved off, but a great wave of fogi -
tives rolled in upon the , and hard
ly had the boat reachetPomid-current S'
than all went down, and scores of in
human beings, previously crippled, a
were swept away to unknown graves I a
The surface of the river seemed full
of heads. Man clutched at man, and
the strong, who might have escaped, S'
were drugged . down by the weaker. '
Voices that strove to shout for help fi
were stitled by'&~i~ torbid, sellen wa- he
ters of the swolb~a liver and died of
away in gurgles. It is strabge how at
persons abou.t to drown turn to thein a
fellows for strength; they may~be in to
mid-ocean, with no chsunce for any, at
yet will they grasp one another and at
sink in pairs. Capt. Otter, of the asE
First Calitornia (an appropriate name lil
ft* a swidiner), was found after the 'as
battle with two meni of his companay Ia
clutching his neckbaud. Bad be at- et
tempted to save them, or bad tley he
seized and dragged him down? One thi
oficer was found with *120 in gold di
in his pocket; it had cost 'his life. o'
Col. DevJeos escaped by swimming m
his horse across to the island,,though W
hoth were slightly wounded. Iii
lAlrave YT. Lady.
dOiphc~pad Zeaop·.1 .
Week before last th.# Franklin 8un .
merely mentioned the fact that, a
young lady of that parish (we forget 'tl
lebr'nine) had 'l led a negro who Oa
wasntthorgplirig to outrage her. Y~om. hi
citisens if that perish we learn that ,;p
the family owitlie young lady were ct
removing froni one house to another Y4
in the neightbrhood; that some of e'
the hoqsaehold effects were still in the P1
house" 'they were ngdaimgj from at B
night ' that the yeatryindy" *ias left A
alone to guard them; that she loaded o'
l gun,. and placing it near' the -bead N
m0fh11er bed, she laiddowsand fll *'
asleep.' She was awakened from her oi
sleet'byr thle grasp oJa thind upon tl
her throat. Sh attemopted 'to free SE
harselPf grasp, apd gq. th el
ame Itime oesesaion of th)gq.I
in the &r~ she was thrown upon a
theloor; but fortnnrtnatey *tithit remtilh l
of the geou which alth seiued with. one
hand, au4 as -the brute Wra, trying to 6
accumpltsh hiis findibh purpr, placed a
the sosszio of it tohils head, andptil *
al; the triggar and killed hidi dead, ta
and thus saved herself from outrage f
and rid..Ih..WIJIktoisIz.hasih mon. t
star. This is4 brief account of the af- ti
tair as we learu it from parties who
ptofidi o Lknow the faists. O
(;j o~
Nhp jipn Like the Present. Time.
domircia: "Well Donald, what
shlthA e sany 3dmisonajs fist, and * i.T
dram 'efterwards--wHll that do?' 6
Donald $1ciubSk frt i1psy': "Woe 'A
iflp pleagate,: 1, .nd! say; rdfam
enoo, and besineas prapylolyw- hi
Judy. Ut
A Story that Reads Like a (Chapler1
. I from Les Miserables.
Among the numerous nmosa-grown
old tomb-stones in the graveyard of
Williamsburg, Va., is one which bears
the following inscription :
Sacred to the memory of1
$ARAII tII'IIILL.
Who died at the age of twenty-live, slaiun
with her two infant daughters by
lher own husband : she was fair to look
upon, pure as snow and beloved by
all who knew her. )Divine Provdee1ncel
- alone knows why she hadi to perVish I
so iaiserably.
This epitaph, some of the words of'
which are hardly legible any loniger,
Sis the only r'ecord left of one of the
most terrible tragedies that ever took
place in the old I)ominion.
It was in 1798 that Johian Semphlill, a
young man1 , who said he was from
SSanta Crruz in the West Indies, .ar
rived at WVilliamusburg and settled
there as a tobacco planter. lie hadt
plenty of money and was able to pur
chase about one thousand acres of
the tinest soil within a short distance
of the old town. 1
Being aplparently a gentleman in
every sense of tihe word, MI. Semp
hill was admitted to the society in
his new home, and a year later ihe
was married to Sarah Jones, a beauti
ful heiress, the weddiug festivites
being celebrated with extraordinary i
promp and splendor. Io'course of time
two daughters were born to the young,
couple, and everybody predicted a t
long career of cloudless happiness for
them. Alas ! How terrible those brighta
anticipations were to be disappointed.
It was on Christmas eve, in 1601O, that8
a strange looking man, in a sort of I
military uniform, appeared at the
house of Mr. Semphill who was in (
Richmond at the time. Mrs. Semphill t
received the stranger in the parlor.
"Do you speak French, madam,"
he said to her in very broken English.
She replied in the afiranative.
f"Then, madam, please send your
two nurse girls with the children out t
of the room." t
She did so, and looked interroga- a
tively at her visitor. The latter lies- iu
itated a moment. Then lie said in a c
tone of deep emootion.
"Poor lady, I have terrible ti. '
Fdings for you."
S"Heavens!" she cried, turning very
pale, "my husband-"
"Your husband is an infamous vil
r lain."
"Sir !" she exclaimed, indignantly. t
"He has basely deceived you. He C
fis an escaped galley slave, a thief and b
º. a murderer I" .t
She attered a heartrending scream. I
º .Do you tell me the truth f'" she p
grasped.
"He is a Spanish thief, and was sent a
to the galleys of Barcelona for life.
He made his escape firom thence, endff
tfled to Cuba, where he robbed and
murdered a rich planter. I am hero e
to take him to Cuba, where the scaf- y
fold surely awaits him." C
The afflicted lady had becomec
strangely calm. I
-'Sir," she said to the stranger, "be
fore you arrest him, will you permit t
me to hold a private interview with e
-with-"
"His.tr e name is Joan Cefirio. If
you will ret me remain in an adjoio
ing room until be returns from Rich
meaood, where he has gone, I uoder- A
stand, you may see him privately."
"I expect him back every moment."
Half an hour later, Cefirio, ailas
Sempihill! made his appearance. His r
wife brielty told him everything. He I
few. into a terrible rage. He elhot .
her through the heart, and rushed out i'
of the roome to the nursery, where ihe
stabbed his two little danghters. Next
moment the Cuban ofiler, who had
rushed after him, grappled with him,
and succeeded, after a desperate c
struggle, in shackling him. 'time I
niews of the horrible tragedy spread (
like wildfire through the old town, ~
a0an in less tihen twenty minnte@ A
large concourse of people hiad gath- ,
eked in front of Semphill alias Cethio's p
house. Vociferous threats to lynch t
the wurderer mere made, and thme j
deputy sheriffs, who were promptly. I
on hand ro arrest him, had the ut- "
most difficlty in taking 1im to jail,
Trhese he was chaioed to. the floor, *
Iaviag threatened to oloti sicide.
,The yillain was hung on the 17th ,
of May, 1803.-ICincinnati Enquirer. t
The Iteral~of Advex'tisng.
IAtlants ConistiltoiJn
The great panic out adi the yj.
unmbe'f advertisang fnlly ene-third at
· one fell blow, iodsa the times became
harder, advertisements iis, first class
papers were correspondingly de
ereased. At the bgining of this
yehtr the agre~glite alIbsuimt did not
exceed thirty.per ovt of that of the
prospor0aUda'iIb tibr? the panic. E
But the tidelbs h tartlied-not in the t
Atlanta-alone, but in every other city
of the onatry. The Meiliphis and
Nashville papers are, for an.example1 ,
erowded to excess. S oq are, many
others. The Coastitmatioms (eels the
thetige, althengli not t';he Oxt nt of o
somtof its coniterapioahlos. It is a
change for the better. We -believe it
indicates ute coming 9( prwoperity. It
certaioln stows that business men
havi~e aibeittidt hope 1f6 despari
that instead of sbhrtining sail leo' a
fioancial storm they are spreading
sail for .hvog-fBreeeaeese--that they
see ln she iamediate fUitmBre gagnifi
cent crops and through them a health
ful 'retern to coammecial ease and
msterial. plepty. Hence they pidver
tise. What is more natural ? They
oi tiot beek' thiis tuining time
eheep anod ridiculon methos, but
they hopfully employ the best means
of reaqhnag the poblic.
SMORE Ta~p F IvT CJGARET
rTEs.-A venerae y~man onphylin.~
' ett the othli night of not fe inu very
tl 'ellt I'e ecstoned 9t was"'thee sat-
ag amtee,'te *.boys gPro him'," at.1
- had smoked a whole .peckap ,fr
them. '
'r OUR COUNTRY PR ESS
Gleanings.
tf Crops and Candidates.
(Sabine Southron.)
Fromn all parts of Sahine we hear flat
tering accounts of the crops, both cot
ton and corn; and with anything like
S;half seasons during the next four weeks, a
the best of crops will ibe the result. Our ti
k flrmers are killing gratss in a hurry, the fi
lest Prooft of which we see none of them I
loaHIting round. ti
DLeSoto parish has live candtidaites a- e
nloLncedtl in the )Democrat for the office tl
of Sheriffl All of tthem announce them
iselves subject to the Democratic nomi. a
tinting convention. *lt
Railroad Joy.
(l)DeSoto Democrat.)
a Our people arc highly elated over tihe t'
rail-road lprospects and very little lire- a
ference is expressed in regard to either a
Sof the three routes mentioned above, to
an ;d the people generally believe that u
tihe company will do the best they can v
for the town.
After they are through at this place, g
we understand one line n ill be run di
rect to Shreveliort anid one direct to S
SMarshall, both of which will be complet- f'
ed at the earliest possible titiw.
1d
Printer's Ink Tells. V
(Richland Beacon.) ti
The El Dorado Eagle has over thirty- S
five annuaucements for oftice, all the ti
c way down froth Congressmann to justice e1
of the peace. The only difference be- ri
tween Arkansas and Louisiana aspirants
seems to be the superior intelligence of d,
the former manifested by their using the t
press to make their wishea known. In
Louisiana, or in Claiborne parish at lent,
t still bunting in the popular method of A
f securing the place -Claiborne Guardian.
That's the way it is over here too, Mr. I
Guardian. They all wait to~be nomiga- cl
ted and then expect their names to be al
anneu ced free of charge, as a political b
, duty. el
Nothing Like Trying.
re Colfax Chronicle. 1
Friend Cosgrove is trying hard to get
the good, old-fashioned people of Ntchi
toches to shake the shells off their backs
and build a miaature railroad of some r
- nine or ten miles in length, in order to P
Sconnect "ye olden times citie" with the Cl
outside world. That's right, neighbor,
Swake 'em up.
Weather and Candidates. p
Alexandria Democrat. lii
May's awfully bad spell of weather
cheeked np on Thursday last, and up to "
this present writing, we can write in P
complimentary and fair terms.of its is
clerk's behavior. Professor Tice's "pro- is
buble weather" for to-day to the end p
I the mouth puts I Aown thus.iu his -T
mkanae; falling ilmeter, rising te=i
perature, with 'dody, threa1tend
weather, accompanied by localrainsa
Sstorms.
Candidates are already darkly to t
front, and are throwing -out their ak h
misheres ata lively pace. In the spri g
days of our political life, we seed to a
Sstirred up at these local and panri C "
manifestations, but now, i the adt ntl
of our days we look on with some
chalance at the sidetteo who stasnw ht
for some friend on the q *i eie fora '
ing office. Uneasy is the thistle
that encireles the brow of ye oee
er !
Correct. %
Rural Times.
There is a growing demand in tis
country tor Professional school teacless. 7
And not mere nsubstituted who make the ci
school a eatch for trestdy pubia6 . p
The necesity is rtged for tesebers, we
desire and work for a repntatioo. d
make it a profession competin t a
highat places by way of tdi. j.
And we are persuaded that this
e is well founded.
Takes a Whacl at Ijyers. i
Bossier Banner.
"Jiodg" " oent V. iyrs u
E of the R~epublican lights ofItobt;,
B has not fared anle as well as PM
Gleo. L. 8mitb, and ot7Zera. While
are enjoying n'to tbt edlies, Mr. y
is bettg taught that the asof a
tranlaresseaor is rosgh. '"Judge M
- was Treasurer of the Shoob f
SNatchbitohebs parish, in the days w
I the Radicals m Yed and rulniesigh
a generally. 411 at onuc Mr.*Maredis
r. peared, and simitaneonuly,
of the School Fund also .'
Whisthet the dlsiappsbraace 61I
had aytlhingttdo. with toe
antce of the othei, is a u
she ·gcod !pdopld orN K
'. eIjow Mg. Myers bespt en
trace the e9npectlpnad jwW t)
Vrestles! with lits eir e from a
Natsaitooll jail stuampointa 6e66byd,
JudgeI! !(p , .~:i! i
(Wifed~n N. 0:'16ihiijd6. 1
W The boly objection th4a ifiat 4
orged,wishbany t redegof jpldlbeflity
against investigating Mr. Hayes tidtI
to the Preideue ' eene from those a
who apprsheq) that such.aectioo will
disturb the qniet anI repose of .tb
cotntry, sdid bring confusion to kI *
the branches. of indesatry. We "en
I ey5on in sueb objection. As wel
might a man whlose bnamOe w# .Jº-i
'ded by a burglar at night refaoe to
ejecthim, wien hehad sfflcientft6 ce
at hand, upon the ground that- In do
ipg so be wopul4 disturb,the reposp of
hie family and cause a scene o€f coO
fusion.
Can it be posible that'the besideiii
of this country will be confuced an.d
the peace at" 1fftid 1e1troy4 1
Congre es hfegd tapes l.eght to
investigate ,bwhich may 'iaol
tn njewtmeo olfan onlawfiul oater I
I Uioe.
Morehatee Clarion.
We hope the people of Morehoule par
ish Will be true to themselves; aw hsa t
allow a few.growle s aud4 -chr opIo*es
seekers to deceive them into ignoring
party lines in the commo cuimpatgu..
' Hrwmonyp" WitUi bt to insure
.iuedes. i will not do- f sors to depend
usnon the nosrteions.- QI. sp eny that.
they will nut po ticke i the field in
this.- The be watihlug eis' waiting
thtmto tak vantutage s , 'rseomsionse
aeme go tea* a agnncis SW
prim d,
b _A
ts ~ ~
] eue~~b" arq&"DhIh
OUR SENATORS11l1 P
Js Sablue Entitledi
ISabine Southron.]
The approaching election is one of
more than ordinaay magnitude to the
people of the State of Louisiana.
The ruin which has been anuflete' in
all the materal interests of the coni
try by dishonest and incolmpetent of
ficers should bestire every friend to
his country to an active iunterest in
the selection of compitel mlen in this
election. Reforms of the most imipor
tanct character are needed and desir
able, which can only be effected by
the choice in the ensuing election hct
honest and capable mtniz to make uind
administer the laws of the country.
We are satisfind that a suiticient in
terest is already being felt by the real
and substantial men of thie contty,
and the most important consideration
to ensure success is harmony ana(
unity of action by the democratic par
ty in the nomination and support of
good and true men.
We feel assured that the people of
Sabine will now, as heretofore, he
found in the frount ranks, contending
with the whole vote for the caIuIse of
democracy and liberal governmen t.
We claim the privilige iu this elec
tion of presenting the candidate from
Sabine Parish to fill the vacancy in
this Senatorial District in thie next cl
ection, which right we have every
reason to believe will be accorded.
In the numerous selections of candi
dates to fill that position in this dis
trict, Sabioe has never had that hlon
or of presenting a sIlngle cnnlidlate.
As the claim of this parish lhave never
been urged, we do not by any moans
make it a subject of complaint, hut
claim that the right of rotation and
an equal distribution of office should
be shared fairly and impartlaly with
each other.
This claim is not set up in thcin
terests of and particular man or set
of men, but in behalf of thIe whole
people of the parish, and nnder the
full assurance that our claims wilb Ie
respected, and that we will be alls to
present them with no honest and efli
cient reptesentative.
(Desoto Democrat.]
The Sabine Southron claims the
privilege, for that parish, of pvcesrnt
ing the Democratic candidate for the
Senatorsbip from this District. Now
we are willing for Sabine to I"Ive it,
provided she has the most sunttllj
person for theposition. We wantt hle
best man in the District to fill the ofice
regardlessof what parish he Jives in.
Th -Sootkronalijns it lby ig)i' f re
tatid to din ee, and asserts that 'abino
*ter bid t'he honor of iresenting a
saiiehok odidate Now we beg leave
tq qgr with the Southron, and ask
, b tole where Hoo. R.. L. AJIm
st oo ba frqm when he was in the
,fie cei rtainly was from the
"FrewBbatu of Sabline." Now utlon
that grond*Bsoto woeau he intitlel
to the 49fce, for although Hon. J. B.
Jam w"s once elected to the otlce,
le was conoted out by the Returning
8ord. However, we would scorn to
m it by rotation, and it there is
aj PDesoto aspirants, wbo have umn
teter claim than that, we adviso
them'to haPlot their horns, and' 9uit
the-face. Pat the best man farward
yea have, and if no more suitable
candillate, in point of fidelity to thi
pper y, and honesty of pprpose, as well
ablty, can be presented, yen'o will
dbubtiiss get him nominated; but
ebwaid a better man be presented
. say other parish we are in favor
of not considering the simple ideaa of
~6tjtiqb.
..t tiqa.
XL 0flOt S'IFPHENS.
Be Jas ily Enaged hi Prepuainn
", uepily to Pottar.i
'ii ý h kes Up the fadi
4- (reitwords of lu
.0 .qs and MexilMizatihnTh ,
N. 0. Democrat,
aWshbinston, May ld.-ltop. A. i.
bes to basly engaged to-nlight pte
aspepgoh in reply to Mr. otter,
bche,,proposesto deliver t.in.bb
t o to-Morrow in leiN o4 a peirdoaul
iAh to many Ietter reoeived thni .
f(eieu:n the $ tiqunb., dislairuingt "yma
thy with any efaortto unseat Peeasidept
Hayes.
Whe House he ss, hilba moaerd fight
to pestiwa jute title thau,'9gPltmastsr
Geneiy vetos! ýat~suIttoh totilea of
a iet hie ea,
TheFor th, ongressi~t wi\ll e
mdr rbigh to Jgrtore llth an~t~.i t'o
Scognie the defeated contestanit,' 'r.
F Tilden, these-Mr:- i wonld have to
Isend a file 9f soldiis. to hbe House ofl
I Representa;vlie to iveal't a Democrat
wheom he aught, consider to ha'da been
0 Mueicanlze obr labtittis h rel.' et
lidently u-to a solid Sputh to 'pil jI
Sthe bulk the Democratic, Imu orrty ip
lthe hiet Hose bmf Repesetitaft hn
I Senate being ualreaidy seoured. y hi ej
- Remembering tpQencouragen~euf.l11
f the Northera Detocrats in 1860 ai
extended tibe te othertf - Stbd ate tdo
Scpdq, an4 the manaer in w hiol their
rmises of aid and comfort were "u)r
lled, can thbe'Soithei' people ilftorfl h
j in,:this evolutiaues y movement with
tbe certainty that when the ,iggvituhle
) hour of peril comes, they wilt againtfl
left unassisii. mi* meet t.i,
storm *touts North once. wore united by
this attempt to receive an issui whone
settlemient wis forced by'pnbtic opinion
upon an unwilling Congress in the dark
days of Febrasry,1877?"
- hn civil war over the 4isputed elec
t tibtm was imminent and patriots trmn
). bled for the esate of Repthblibafi thsti
5 tetiRos, the S~athern memberes , ~rn
u. gre.s avoided the danger, by compelling
e the c6mpletion i6the eleckrd~ l ecifit mit n
d dler tolaw whivbh bodypart icada Ctn
. gress had enacted. But 40W the. .reu'o
i sentatives f 'kqi ern States,
k with a very few exie one, have joiucd
u t nlontewn to ubt'ers the ressltN oh
m. remand the rpsutto thatanar~hy iSum
a which, less thsa two years ago, ItV #a6
saved by thir eftorts.