l f Ptopt'll f tllt t tr. f  I 8It Ctople' f 8iator.
.... ge; ,,nouts N ol, ,, ,J. H. COSCROVE
a alltari+ . o 1#Il
4 Hqllare 7 ... I , o I 11 -2 00 Y1 Of 3 5 itit)(
5 Ml4 are:... . 1 fi l 1 1 40 1 04 25 04 :40 4 1
la..... 40.1),", .""0 M" THIE W4IELF4ARE OF TlE PEOPI'LE IS THE SUPRI EME LAW. Su'ription Ie.
1 q4IrrvM. . 7 . o 4411 0 ;7 n 444fi 2') :;n n 7n 11
 M ll r . . `S17 al4IIII4 11 IIII4 li44 07 4444 (A5 .. . .....4) I _ _ - - -' Evli' v ll 'I'.. . . . .. .
144414 :4 1' 44 I ,; III) all - --1J4V (VII 51741115 1................I (1
44 M"14a1t' . 4i11 57"114511 44 Official Organ of the White Citizens of Red River, Sabine, Winn and Natchitoches Parishes. o, c,.I ix,,, ,t,s.., l,,. ,..1. , .
' '0 r a nt a I l er i e n i + I . i t o n s . . . . 9 1 l. .I.lI i
fIr4 (in BrrLV.ir rtl A'r. TtitTOltli ., Each Lube. .\JNE ( 1tl81 ..I'I M.l*"'l tin " lh1 $in
, ,,,,inVrr llll,.. -,,. ,,,.,lrl,,. Ve OL. II NATCIl TOC[I-IES, LA., JUTNE (1, 1877. NO ) II'"~ ' .d,," "' 1 ,, ,
i n i m n Ul ninn !i! . . . . . . . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . .. . . . .. .. . . . . . . . .... .. . .. .. . . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . . .. . ... . I i_ u ur a in m u n nuns in lV alU'
BUSINESS DIREC i ORY.
SK.I-Falilv a rl, rocer'is, Corner 2d and
A St. l hb iE s Stre it,.t
SMAYEI'tR-Woodand BIlacksarith Work,
S('hurch Street.
_--I-E-t I-h ''~
PE INI-TIhe New Standl-ih'er Gar'deis,
t Fine \ insa, liqaarora anl ('ignars. ,t.ihiai+.
. ALLtCIN--elastairaiat, St Detnis Street.
LEX ,EMEENotary Publirc, St. Denis
A street.
EVE RLY TtCKEl-General ('tlecting
B geut and Canvasser, St. Denis street.
BLT:DWO)RTFI & W,\ARE--W lodwark and
Blacksamithing, C(orner 1 andlt Sibl, Stas.
B liROOKr4--G(r,-, and Pistoils sold, ,,aade anild
I- Repaired, St. Denis Street.
1) I'[L.LRD & CAMIa'PIELT..M-- aerchalndise ana
) Plantationa Supplies, Front stree.'.
ilt. IPLIN.CryNTNII. t1M & fIIA LtN--At
I torneOsV at law. W'ashinarto street
sifl fAXI LEVY-iVFarmilyv Groceries and
G(reneral Merchanldize, lFronat street.
.ASIARI & I TIlT'IICH-DPrv Gods, G;ra
r 'aris and G(eneral Marahandize. Sale
A enlts ftar S rew lHottomll ho SI,h. Front stretat.
f( E()JI(G GAItRZ [A--Family Groceries, ullder
,M as;oirle LLodae, ald Streea't
(. FO TENOT-Plante rs' lHotel--Favorite
l r farmers and strantgers' resort, St. l)Denis.
. RItEN -Boots and Shoes made and repair-.
r. ed, St Dents Street.
GEORGE W. KEARNEY...RerP,rder and No
tary Public, Court Ilouse, 2d street.
HENRY GENIIS-Charter Oak Stoves andt
Tinware. Front Street.
T KAFFEE.-Dry Goods anad Groceries, Front
Sstreet.
H LITCIITENS'TrEIN-General assortment
* Dry Goods and G(roceries, Front street.
I AItRIS .JAFFA---Dry Goods and Groceries,
1. Front street.
H PERCY-- Surreyor. St. Denis ttreet.
IJ SIMON-Dry Goods and Groceries, Wask
1 ington Street.
I JAC)(:S-Dry G(;oda and Graceries, below
" the Dirt bridlge, Jeffaerson Street.
JOHN RUSCA-Drv Gaoodsr and Groceries,
tl b low thie Dirt bridge, .Jefferson Street.
T NO.GENOE & CO--Dry Goods and Groceries,
a Washington street.
TAS. G.EIUYS-Dry CrGolds and Groceries, cor
a nr Jefferson andl Anmulet Streets.
J W. SUIDDA.\TII--Tlhe Phoeni--Choice Li
Sqinors and Cigara, St. Denis Street.
J AS. M. . TUCKER-Atterney at Law St.
Denis Stye t.
JAS. KING...Watehmraker and Jeweler, St.
Denin street.
D. NITCKLEMAN...HIarness and Saddlery, I
V Washington street.
J C . TRICHEL--General Merchandire,Wash
incton street.
J. DICASE-Gaeneral Assortlent of er. I
* chandize, WVashiagton street.
SIH. STEPIENrS-Ctmnlhaer Y\'trl. i tetr+setion
/*. Front, Lafayette andl Washinagton streetA
J. ,. Mr'lCOORK--(;aeneral 9'hToleial and Ret:ail
I * Dealer and ar.le Aget for Wagons, Wash
intt~sn str'et.
J A. D)lVCOURlN.\A1-Fanev ard Stapl(a Dry 1
a (Galds,. Boot.s, Shoes, HIats arnd Clothing,
Front street
L C(ltATEL-rlThaI an' lIM r Row,, choice
WiVne-,. [ilnaars arndl Cigars. Front street.
EVY& I'PILrIPS--FnfI stock Panecy and
Staple Dry Goals and I;rnoeeries.Front st.
L DUPLEIX- -Land I Agent, St. Denis street.
OR4Eg & tlrtRANGITET---Atterneys at Law,
als treet, corner Trudan,
"f H. CAR IVEII-D)ry Godls, Groceries and
1* General Merehandaize, Front street.
O. SCHAFFRATI--Boot and Shoe Maker,
0 St. Denis Street.
O CAPaMARTIN-G;oneral assortment of
SGoodls of all kinds, Jefferson nst-et.
SVEITLEMAN - Undertaker, Washington
.Street.
POETEl..I.aker, Jefferson street.
P. VULE. MAX-. -Famn ily anad Plantationu
*Groceries, Waskington street.
a S. CALVES...Dentist, Jefferson street
1) E. BURKE-Cheap anmily and Western
SGroaesry Dealer, Front street.
R P. HUTSON-Lirerv, Sale and Feed Stable,
L.a St. Denis Street.
S. NELKINS- Dry Goods anld Groceries, Jeff
a* erson Street, below Dirt bridage.
S WIBRG-Generalt 3(Merchanldize. Plan.
taton ald Family Siupplies, Front Street.
rL M)X .-Dr G ods and Groceroes, Wash
- ington street,
fIl LACOSTE-Dmrggiat and Apothlecary,Front
I-;
T JIALLER--Bnck's Brilliant Stoves and e
STlawara, \Washington Street.
T IbARNET.--Dry Goods anl Groaeries,Front t
. TA.LIT--Bllnard Room antd Bar, Front 8
*Street.t
SCHiffhAN--Wholesale and Retail Mer t
*ellat-general lssortment for the trade
:;; et sttreet.
H:g JACK...Attorney at Law, 2d street, I
*• crner Trtdanl.
L.DOST--llot and Shoe Maker, St. Denis
3. POWELL-Physicain and Snrgeon,
*,.:: l Denias Street.
o, J. CIU. XIXJGIf.V,
Attorney at Law,
44 Ca ondet Street, NEW OItLEAxs, LA.
Iluton A. Dumnn,
Physician and Surgeon
Moatmomery, La.
1 MORSE & DRANGUET,
" Tf r8T A1ND COUNSELORS AT
LAW.
Oice on Sueod Street,
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
K Win. U. Jaaok,
(See0e0or to JACK & PIcauox)
> Att~jcy and Counselor at Law
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
ILLplW in the Courts of Natehitnches.
- e4" DeSeto, Red River, Winn, Rapides,
td i1 the Supreme Court of the
r n.h promptly attended to.
2 a i M. L"evy,
:: 'flTRBYRY AT LAW.
V lld the Practlee of his Profeassion.)
lUtttiee it the Parish and District
.-itlatehiteehes and Red River,
Coi t of LouLisana, United States Dis.
t CourtofLonirteaa and U. 8.
at Washington.
at residence on Second St. M1
ACHITO CHES, LA.
,1677.
An Old Sailor's Yarns.
II
JtUNNING TIIE IBLOCIKADtE IN Bll)OAD
k DAY-L16 IITT-TiHE M1t 'r EXt'ITIN;
TRIP OF 'iriE WAR.
"Bill here," said the Old Sailor,
- "has heen a telli-' roe of one of the
_ biggest things in blockade runnin'
is that occurtred durin' the whole war,
iand if so he as you likes to order
g 'eCi filled ip I1 dion't doubtits that he
may be persuaded or toi spin the
yarn over ragiin, it Islin' of ia kind
that'll bear repeating."
at "She were called," said Dill, as lihe
-et his bee'r ilug emlpty oil the tllle,
d 'Banshllee Noi 2, ill conslel lie iof
of the tirst of that name havin' been
t- catched runiioin' into Wilmin'totn arttr
hliavin' Iiiade eight round trips sci
el cessfully, and paid for herself four
timies over. ller caliptiii' namiiie were
Steele, and he were rightly nameild,
for he were the pluckiest skipper I
rui with duori' tlhei times.
"Ile was took when the Bansheel
was catched anll sent to New York,
Ssplendin'sonIm weeks in Ludlow Street
7 Jail, and when lie got out lie foulnd
that his owners had buihled this lhure
ý other boat expressly for iini, ani
they called her Banshee No. 2, and
I Bits a chance into her as secoind
lllate ilr Havana, bound to G;alvestoni.
t "We waited a couphle of days arter
we was all ready to start, ti-rvil' fort
Sto git a pilot. There uias a plenttyl
it ofterin,' but it were dreadful hard fort,
to git a good onle. The wages was
Shigh and all paid in advance, so if i a
- craft got saddled \with ita ha one tlhat
didn't know notlhing' there w'eren't
no help for it, and mien of the tight
sort that did know weru't plenty, not
by no means.
"Howsever, at last we secured a
long, slal sided, shiver-the-miizzen.
which had been all his life a t adiin'
at wix New OIrleh:;s anid 4(alc'eston,
anil ought to know the way if aniy
- one wouldl.
"Well, sir, we stelnleimd out of a Suln
lday afternoon, the new boat behiavin'
splendid and goin' at a pace thatla
would show her starn to anythlinii'
amost that floated, let alone one of t
them tortoise-like Yanlkee uen-of
- war.
"'The only thing as I recollects on e
that halppened goin' over were a ternl
pest which we gilt the second night s
out. Well, I thought I'd seen light- l
nin' and heern thiiiider atore t his, iit I
this here were the tlashinest lightniu'
and the thulmpinest thunlder that ever I
I seen.
"The worst of blockade-riniiini' on e
i that coast were the fogs, wlhich pllir
ventied obseirvations; andl so ati er i
-you got in on the coast there were N
n no way of tellin' where away youilt
was. We vas bothered this way fior
- two days, knockin' aboilut trying' for
to git hold of somiething,' so as to a
kniow whllere we was. The worst of \
this were the draw it madle on to the t
coal pile. Youl see, yout could't get I
coal in Galveston, and so you had %
for to look out anid keep enough into I
the bunkers for to go back with ; andt
iuany it v'yage was spiled by havin'
to go back for coal, owing' to beit' a
detained in these here fogs.
"The third day, as we was a back- a
iln' and a fillin' about, we stumbled h
onto a tlan-of-war, and we run ip a
pretty nigh hard into her, hiopini' for t
to see the rest of the fleet, so as we (
might know we was off the harbor. s
We wer'nt afeard of hIer, bless you, I
'cause we knowed we citldl run hert C
out of sighlt in a short tinle. As soon c
as she seen us she got uinder way f
and come for us, but we jist
turned our staru to her and went i
Sahead full speed, antid in a qtuarter of
.a hour she were lost in the fog. Still, I
we was glad we seen her, 'cause we t
knowed we wasn't far off the en- 5
trance. I
"Next day' we stock her in on I
soundins and run the beach down. c
Goin' along, we seen a large paddle.
- wheel steamer hard anid tast ashore, r
and 'cogniized her as al'boat as had t
left Havana two days efore us, aind
Shere sihewere piled and her v'yages 1
Sended. We run close in to her, and c
tried far to signalize the beach, but c
they didn't understand our code, and L
so couldn't tell us where we was. We t
stopped the engines and let her drift a
in with the swell as close as we dared r
to, and when we rung to go ahead s
up comes the engineer, and reports t
somethin' wrong with the engine, j
and we must auchor for a spell till s
he could fix it.
"Here were a predicacy; we had I
three fathomse utnder tus, and we let I
go the anchor, but she were s4 close t
to tihe shore that we could't give her c
much scope, and in the heavy swell s
there wetre hardly a chance for us to I
holdi on. 5
"The old pilot lie fuinuked awful. I
'HUa'ry 'em up captain,' says ihe; huir- s
ry'emn up, or we'll all go to hell to- fl
gether in ten minutes time.' fl
"They'll get ready as soon as they u
can,' says the old man, quite quiet; t
in fact, lie were the only man aboard, r
I reckon, that did not lose his head '1
somewhat. We kep' a lead over the c
side and seen by tihe way the line a
trended that we was a driftin' slowly v
and surely ofi the beach. li
"Then come the engineer agin.
'Can I have ten miutes more ?' says t
bhe. hi
"Yes, twenty it you want'erm,' says n
the old man; 'can you be ready in a
ten minutes ' '
"I can sir,' was the reply. !
"All right," says theold man; c
'man the capstan all hands, and stand tl
by for to run the anchor up luick.' a
If you want to have minits seem tI
like houra you must get into a tight o
place like that; afore we got the te
word that the engine were ready, she
struck aft a half dozen times, o
If the old man had funked and both
ered them engineers, we'd a been o
gone martion; but hlie kep' cool, and b
waited till the engineer came up for t"
the third time and said : All ready, tl
sir, you may go ahead.' 'Then old ft
Steele ringed to go ahead slow and ti
giv the word to heave up. That 0
were a tight squeak, sir, as ever I
seen. When we got otf into deep
) water we stopped her agin , and the
engineer repaired his damage periua
nently.
"Then we started in agin, 'cause
r, in we be to go that night, or else
r we'd have to go back for coal. Well,
' just at dark we sighted a manaof-war,
r, and the pilot thought it were a block
ar adin' vessel itif the month of the l'a
e zs River, 'twixt Galveston Islhand
e and the mainland. ,Vell, we steers
d along not theast by east in quarter
less three, a runnin' up for the bar.
e All of a suddint the oanti in the chains
sung niut, 'P'ort I hard a port 1' and as
f her head swung off, sure enongh, here:
i we was close aboard oft man-of-war.
SWe seen her lights and heard 'em call
to quarters. 'We keepl the helli hard
I a port and went completely rontal
e till we headed in slhore, and then
1, steadied and run inside of hitit. That
I way we euchered hilu 'cause lie nev
er drearned of our goini' inside, but
Sthought wve's pass outside of hinm.
li, e didn't fire 'cause lie lost sight of us
t so; fast. lWell, ini about tIwetnty min
Sites itore we fteund oursclves right.
e itn amonlg the fleet. They' seen its to
Sandl in a inst;ant the whole face of
d creation was lighted tip; guns were
l firin' on every side, and the shot andl:
t. shell was a whisthnt' arountd us like
r hail stones. 1\Vir we dlidln't git hit I
r don't know ; the Chellrnb were a look
Sin' out fitr us that iighlt and ntito mis
r take. Twice shots stn tick the water
s htear enotiugh to send their spray
a splishing oiver ius, andl once a routld
t. shot cutl off onie of the smoke.stack
t glys, but we wasn't tnever Ihulled.
t "If our iilot hadl been worth his
t salt, we'd have goile on in spite of
the fisilade, but lie giv up and lost
a his head, and as the old toan didn't.
know the way in, there was lino hellp
tfor it bit to stick her heead suthlleast
and let her hile fill Slpeclid tiff shore.
v The itane in the chains kep' a givit'
'three fllhnns,' ir 'lld l half three,'
i ian we' dliti'tl' seem to delepenl. I
stelps into the chart rolom, where t heI
t old iman were a takintig' the Iearins.
'so as lie could rin her ill hisself in
f the motrnint,' seeiit ats how the lpilot
- wer'nt ino goodl, andl I says toe hihn,
'Ciptainil Steele, we're ai rcuntlit' southi
Seast alnd we doln't ieelpen ouir watlt.t.'.S
- 'l)on't deepetn our water, Mei. Woodl,
says lie, 'wthy yclc elllctest cleeptni it;
stllop her andll pit a good sounil. I gtuess
Sshe's a deellenicl', she riecust ie.' 1 1
wentt oel deck iandtl tcihl the laiite andiil
l he stopped hler, iid 1 goes l to thec
chains al d taklis the leaid ianed sie
-ie o tgh ll we lie ; li tholtts. I tll'-i
-yolu his to slhoi hIow lite tle die-e
d elice couilld lie , aced onto li l l t n . lie
iMen lIlst tlheit li'eadl. iie, t chre v telr t
t il treeti' lof 'it . 'l't 1 o nly Itiatc '-4
Sdidn't ttlik or git excitel were the
sr kipper. I dohli'l heesitate te say, sir, t
I as almoillist any other tin wolle ll'hit have i
f cni hack te Il acat, a i for cot l, lcutt
this here ll liilln i t Ie dl etilllitilled tol
tierun back into that there holrnet'e s Ilist
I we'djust left, anlld runil Ihroegh 'ili
º himself in the dltyvtimie, the only tiime 1
Iwhen lie could take her in.
"WVe sletedl her rounld once more,
andi pinlted her for the bech, antll I
then llln it ip till the pilot sail we
was tlp with Fort Magradller, andl wet
I would be onto thie middle grouind if we
wenit any further, so we ancIhred hert
to wait for dcaylight. Just tafore the
Sday lbroke we got the anchored anti
started ahead. The old liloe t was
,very niih excited, tand givi the or- I
der to 'Go aheadl, full slieed :' but the
old imat sa id, N stise n ; we lcait't gol
ftill speed here in this slhoal water l;
the ship wOiei't steer ; let her go slow
tiuan take it easy, piilet.
f "Half a minit alter this we mtakes a
Inunich ueiider the hiort lhecw antd lead
to port a it to clear her. IhCe had a
glnet onh the how, il and sfilled ith
ieni, aend why slihe dlil't fete ci us
I don't know. Perhalns rie officer in
eotmande of her thounght eest to let
its go Utinllestel, seem' that We e'was
a runtinit' straight into the niddlle of
I the fleet antd with an almost certainty
of ceapture. The day ihad new
broken and here we was llst inside
I of the blockadin' fleet. It was death
or glory now, for the old nian was
bound to go in. In fact, to have
tirnei l back would have been alneost
as dalitgerous, fer we were within
Irange of the whnle fleet. The first
Sship let ts paiss, thinkln,' I silepse,
that we mnight be i Yaiikee gulntoitet
jist arrived. In fact, the second yes
sel wits in dloubt, and hoisted a lt It
efecelers. Yell see, sir, they couild't t
I believe that iny man wohl lie hltol
hiurdy eiough to rti in aintng 'ev iit
the daytime, as was a deii' of. Well,
of coirse, we coenhl't replyt to the
signals, and the next we seen was a
little pff of smoke, and a rielchet
shot came skipping over the water,
eand bounded over its. Then the next
ship took it up, and ietn thbe whole
fleet, aned the shot and shell begii to
fly arolnd us like haild Lteeky for
us, there were a heavy sea ot1, and
this s8piled their tis. Snenme shots
went over us, and some fell short. c5
The ole male took it as cool as a cu
ctniher; lie stopped onto the bridge, b
and I were there, too. The old pilt
was htyiii' ult ont his face on the
bridge, and were itn mortal terror.
"Yotu know aboard ef a ship, sir,
the fast thing arter daylight, all
hands has their coffee, ated the old
man called for his that morninr,'jist
as if there hadn't been a man-of-war
within a thousand miles. It were
brung to him on a waiter by a little
colored boy, and jist as lie gits into
the bridge with it a shell burst, right a
alongside, and a piece of it flew over e
the bridge, taking the waiter clen i
out of the boy's hand, but never
touching him.
"Go git some more, Sam," says the a
old man; 'I must have my coflfe.' s
The pilot was no further use; the a
old man got his chart up on the t
bridge and run her hisself. There is a
two channels in, the bar channel and a
the beach channel, and to fteep as I
far as possible from the fleet we had e
to skin along the edge of the Middle I
Ground and enter by the bar channel ; c
-rI buti thesi wa;ts iittie bio t called tihe
'p iPriilcess Royal, (hat had been a
Ill b: ')k;llde iii I lll|r a tlld wail now a gI n
la- bIIa;tL, h11d contel lip $ close to us that
to avoid her shlot ie Ih:i to try to
s' cuit Ilf a piece of tihe Mlidlte Ground,
se and wIhile doing this we struck the
II, tlittorn. I thought it V were all up
Ir, with 1s lhth, and solileldy sing out
k- for to stop her, hut tll ohl ma4 at
1-! once Rings anit, "' ':º. nI4; Iolnl't Stop.
Id (o ahead Ifull pMwer,' and a sea liftiI'
rs us jist then, away we went ove'r and
e:r' into thle chai l. I, 'eviol, to this
t. botlh of our masts had I4e(0 slht away
us and we had two holes through our
Il smokl-sta:lehfbt the wlorst weroe now
'0e overl, ('aullsle w e was ale to turn
Ir. our star tol tile fire ilnstead of our
ll hlradsild , 811 d ill the deep , water of
d tlhe channel we hui l go fuill sed.r u
11 U'p to this time the tlagshilp hadn't
Sopened li tl t 1,s, 1hit Ili as there
at s 'emed a itpossibility of ouri escapiil'
I- ishe o let us have a lioii sid, and I
lit w nit d'git it ili (i hurry the size of
I. the pills she sent after us. One of
•s 'ern wolhl have bVeen a de 'for us if
l- it had a hit us, i t it didn't. I
Iti 'iT'i pilot weIr so hld' tily scared
to thatl afer we wasil, all ll oui of dan
f Ige, he couhl not find hi S way, and
IT run its ashore inside the hatorl'. The
IIl i whole town ltired oult to welcomelns
eus, and we was cheered again and
" llNext day tlhere ci n11c in it flag of
s : I 'itr l ,, Im o111' ur lpose, itil the olli
ee cry wanted to knots he I nwI of nur
li crafct, anll ad it ier( the phi.ckest
l thinri g thait lhad 1 l4 tli(,n for llh( war.
k T''hev said as how, if we'd let '(mi
Sknln .heiin11111 we was ; iltil' nilt. they'd
is give Its a fair show, for we deserved
f. it. (l'4 filled her tip \ jilh cotton, and
sI ri'l i 'id herl' i h of wi to ilit e n' all
't hin', ;1 4 1;ill iilh a 1 good v'yige to
'P ýllNasalii \ herec wIe 1ii 5l(l it." '
SEA.
THE PARISHES.
I What Our Country Papers Say.
Ri .. ides Gauteh'.--Opt. ,T. W.
StJoiiStoil, of lieil\tilhe, i rtchals
It ed a line Cotswold shelte from
, 'Messls. Armistroig lld iale lof
I hiarl'odul'rg, Kl . The shelilep was
I sheardclil ailtilen ptlitlids of wool
! reatlizcd.
Baton ] lh iu [ng A drocate. - The
llheavy rai n ,ll ouday hias had the
lehest iliellet on crolill. Corn is
aiii at to tasel hthe area lant
i is ie.lhr in excess of thait of anyll
eos ai tie-artli,. auite ani j at till
atRe grow itgl lhiel(v 1ind1 gl1l yioelds
tae couiilhhlety anticipated.
Oue city is o'li oti the oliost
, deserve great praise .toil' the
iti olilt, ediciielit anill impl artial
Stheir respectivei duties.
I The t'fliciet working of 1our
11 la'roc lial )mill istl tiohi t is re
e larkled ,an all ides and has
wrougll ht a i 'hge that oullr cii
zoIns canl well appreciatei. Every
thing Ibout the Court louse pre
s eIlits a neat bis siness appearance.
Sigtlts. r'tops Tllc ring froma
Sfrom i 20o to tio in t ih e shade.
SThe htlth ofle our w iltlll , so hir
as we ct Ilsear, iso excedingly
Sgood wei flhear of no sibiess uati
SIf the wirosent *uosthre continues
SeUCl nliger the crops are bouid
t to seufleii biyot d rocb h i'at ibo,
we thik, for they hialve aboutn
stoiiaed grouliig already.
its tributaries are fllint very rapd I
hily ; so there i oi possiblle dan. <
ger of trouble with aly more high
water a in is sea.ol.
S Cahherell, Ilerahl.--J. II. Rut aud I
a trip to LincoEln Parih wh ere then
't and his sister i law, Mrs. Jack
son, have been oil a visit to a nick ,
treaitive, tre orts the ros throughes
Sthat section the but ratiiIer back.I
ward. o ie sas thnat more corn
h charge l has leen prhoted,
telich is alookin g well, b t needlirg
ty-two f erisoners contined in the
aurish prison, twelaty of whom
cut trimi of the ocr iniial court.
scharge of ex urder, oie for hor.e
A fine rain on Thursday, doing
imnnteise good to the growln
A $3,000,000 Fire in Galveston
a Galveston, June 8.-At 3:30 this
morning a fire broke out in the kitch
ri elf the New York restaurant on
I Market, near 2211 st'ee, and, spread
ring North and East, was not extin
guished until it Mad destroyed nearly
o all the buildings between Market
street and the bay and 21st and 22d
e streets. After consuming a number
B of shops and retail- stores o0 Market
S street, the fire crossed the alley and
i attacked the Grand Southern Hotel,
SMuirphy & Br',ckleman's hardware
I establishment and several frame
e buildings on the South aide of Me
chanic atrecet. Crossing Mechanic
,street it dlest.o dI' the oi \ashing-T
tol iHotel, I1hi Fellow.s lall, Seelig
son's hank, First Nati',nli hank,
SMarx & Kle' i .neri's w holes;le groce
t ry house, lJacobs & Ih'ekhardi's
Wholesale clothing, T. C. Thomps on
S& Co.',., whoilesale dr.ug.s, J. S. lIhown
S& Co's wholesale hardwale. l' , anlette
t & (Co's Ship Stores, I(:e. Schl iiidelr
t & C',s whles;lale greenis, alnil on the
souith saide fi the Sha iiil, were dIes
troy'ed. ('rositg the Straldl it coni
l suimed L. & H. Ilumn, whlesale dry
Sgoodls; A. C. (C'rawiford & Sun, crock
S'ry; G. ,eeligsoni & C('o., griocers
SFreilurg, Klein & (,Co., lijniors ; 1).
t, . Agres, glover. The cottoIn ex
Scliatige anld other huihlings were des.
.r toyed. Total nunlher of hbhlilgs
,! desttoved, 26. Los. esti, l:htedl at
'from 2.ItI ,0),t$ ) to t .:l.l0 ),,IHl ). It is im
t possibleh to ,get details owing to the
excitement -lil iui l Coinfusion. It is said
that the leading ihouses aie fully rl o.
cred by insurance, of wlhickh nil\"j
t uI'J, 11110 ) is in hoiliea c( iilmpailies. East
) 'lern And Northern ,enlmpiniº.s lose
heiavily. D)etails of I1.ss- :a1 in
snrltnce Will he flIOnwariehl as nooi a.
they can he obtainid. L. & 11.
1inllii's jlo.. fll stolrk is ..6000,00)0;
it lhailing ý 11,(00); insei anhe abiont
, X15 ,.(t1l1). Marx & IKeIlnerl's loss
'ii stock is 8107.(t1I; buildingli ,
I000); ally ittured. "
TELEGRAPHIC.
Decision of the State Auditor
Case.
New (Orleans, Juniie 7.--hi ease
So ,lol)hilSOll, ellnublican hState An
Sditor vs. ,Jinel, whol took posses
sion of lhe othee April 'itth, Julde
Iillings of the 2U. , District
('Court, in a long decision diismiiss
edi the' letition for ilinjuniction re's
training .1intel froinn acting as
Aulditor and says: The lupetitionller
lihas not alleged lie w\as delriwed
of ailly election hbut lI'etained hiis
Soflice tour months; that the at
tempilt to delprive him was ihlefeat'edl
. by the returnliug boarid andlil eftect
Sgiven to every vote. Thius lie
Sha.s sei(ured an election and has
s been dei rived of aii ofli.e to whichi
I he was elected fand declareid elect
ed, not liv ithe exclusion of votes
tort any reason, but by revolution.
'l'he statuite limits thie jiurisdictioni
to the sole qluestion airisiing out of
the denali of the right to vote.
Its scope extends frollim tlhe first
tt to the fiC lial calinvass. It' the
plreflhiiilwr" ex'euision of votes has
been preventtd or the result dc
clared withouit discritinatittto orl
t exclusion lby the piroper State au
thorities~, then the statute closes
the door-way upoln the jurisdiction
of this court. The dehliat iiust be
at'conIiplished lby thlie iachinery
I of ehcetion--it electioll, lhe tiromin
exclusion. Plaiititiff alleges this
has bieeln acomilisliied alnd the
iresult arrived at iiunder the statute
ileclared. It gives ino jnrisdlilctiol
over l'a cause nmerely to Jhiysially
regain all otfice. Th(' qlestiohli byi
Swhich the courtl could take ,juris
dictionli is not lreseuitedll. Ils loss
of otlice is ani ilndllepeindenit iof anliy
right to vote as if lihe hadl bleen
ejected by a govt'rillteut l et upI liy
a foreigl i hVsiotl, claimillniig ani
tiiority hy the right ot conqniiest.
Newv Orleans, .hunie S - Ex
,Indge Hleniry C. ])iblh e, late as
sistant attorney general, was a'
rested this mnornilg itiid brought
befbre the SuperiorCriiniiial Court
on iho'limatioti filed by District
Attorney Finney, whichi charges
Dibble with emiibezzling twelve
thousand five hundred dollars oft
State funds. It is stated that oll
the 29thi I)ecenber hist Assistant
Attorney General Dilible r ceiveed
troml the Aaiullitor orders to hand
over the alilount tlneiitionled to the
State trefisurer which i'cIused, it
is alleged, thiled to dli. lDibble was
released on seventy-tive huidred
dollars hail.
Cohluibia, S C., June 7.-The
house has imiieaihedl Associate
Justice Wright who, pending tri
al, is siispeiided tirom oflice,
With regard to the onilted debt,
while no direct appropri:ition is
made, an aplropriatiol bill for
the paynient of interest on puldic
debt, yet the levy is mnade and
slpecifically alpproprinatedl for that
plurpose in the sluphlly bill and the
result is virtually the s'anm,.
Cookery for the Sick.-AlI herb
drinks 0re made by piniig hbiling
water ripon the dry herl's, aod they
should iusuially simnme!r a t'ew momnnents
in a covered saucelau. Sugar and
sliced lemon can he anhdhd, ift'ri
straining, but no milk is iilloweol in
therii. 8oniet ilmes, wien loiit melished,
they nmy be manle very iihiatbl de by
being frozen. Beef tea, ah11 will be
found acceptable, when frozeli, when
in a wniini or liqnid state it could loit
be retahined in the sitomiach. COlis
toot jelly, or wine jelly, aul' verl. reiii
p)e and ioui-ishiing for the sick, aiid
can never do any harm.
A Penusyllv-niia town has eho.ooed i
blind man to till the office of ,Justice of
the Peace. He can't see when he is iak"
ing a fool of himself, and will pirobnibly
be happy.
The papers say that Wade Iliuipton is
going to marry the handsomest widow
in the old Palmetto State.
The Christian in Turkey these days
would be in less bodily danger if he were
a sinner in any other country.
A Detroit artist has painto'd a sea tur
tie so naturally that the beholder can
smell mutton-broth in the air around
him.
llltn 414u ' ' 'a n r
I's Some Thoughts on Progress.
We are u11d1r the ihmprssion that
(1i
tl we have, lsa coinlllnlllity, talked log
.r entough about \ hat "was needed to,
I t levive our lusiniess tlprospects and(
e eollP e our ag.ilf ' lt) al A0ni d 1 1:
Iy chanical interests, and for that rea
k son we dlesire to see mllle steps nl
ken which will tenid to shiow we are
practical, aw Ai n talkative.
(slr paliish llust nt renlait longer
,l ".sie is, doNliilt iian t tlil ive; iut!t
It future ldepellds tipoln elhliig olrlt
i selves ilth lctivity and vigor that
Swe maniiy reallize soietllhillg front t he
britiht dIl eats we have so lotig i1
l" ilige d ini. Slluppose we call a iMeet
" illy~ of citizens for an eaily d(,% to
diuieuss our sitintioin iill andwants, niid
hi by a mutual ilitelrchaiige of opinionli
arrive a't a lilait of action that will
t' /I, l i ln organization lf our work-i
t illng forces and lead to results wh.ich
will he atppreciated, because of their
,cnefi t f1s.
The Vl'i,.T'rolT i has alwayas iurged
the' Construiictiolns of ('ottonl FlIacto
r ies, Rlailroads and Pikes, andiil the
tfortiiation of Agricultural Societies,
1.as well as the agitailtion of pubilolic
Shimprovementis likely to call inliligra
t Lion, which we miiust have in order to
t develope the vast resources we 1pos
sess. We will never tire of agita
. iol t hose subjects, becauseo we
s collnsidler thelir ipractical solltiohn the
' touch on Aladin's ring that will call uptill
1 lithe wanderin g anid tlithfllil (lserving
;Geniti toI diio biddling ill lavishing gifts
upon our land.
i Our poverty in ready mioney, is a
t drawback to the mitndl of manlllly, but
t to us, we thiiik that if we await for
I "cash ill hand" to do that w hich is
re'ciii'ced, the dlay of ollur deliverance
will pass, 111and we will awaken, wheni
I" it is too late ; awake to discover that
we have been left behind.
Sonic time ago this city was wild
Sto donate in tflee simple to a railroad
.LCorptillio llt(n, 21100,)00. We must say
ilTiat tlits dIiltion would have bene
Sfitted .us greatly, but tnot to the ex
r tent riininv thoight. Why not 'ote
- half of this ianiouinit in lniilding up
industries, permanent and at home,
which will yield a hilnilrted fold to
our prosperity i
A cotton factory costingli $5),W)00
will Ie amplny ifllicient to start with.
Calitllists will lie relady with one
half that aulliunt lwhen our homine
ipeopile put ui the other half, In
eiconnectiei with the cottonll Ilills, we
can erect an oil till, 1ndll that indus
biy will call into existalce a barrel
ftactolry ; all of which will give emi
ploymnent to more than ia tholusand
lalote ls.
iAnother ipoiit, is the ipurclhase of
the Convent building, which is, we
uniderstllland, for sale, and its pre'seniti•
tiot to tit'h State for the Mililtary anid
Agrictlural College. Thlis will call
Sinto lifte new ihdistr'ies and evi've
i usiniess grintly in all its branches,
besidls aidding ftnlt 0ir five htllndl'ed
y onnlg noeni to the Iouliulation of the
Ii order to btitig oir lands inuto
mar'ket we must brillng them ilnto Io
tice. We want ilnulligrants badly, in
Soltrdetlr to give plerltnltnIeiy to ouatr lrlOs
petit', aid no intiidivilial action will
surcced; it requlires coiisertt lid en
etrgy. Ve are the richest Stale inl
the ULiiion in lIuls, landl we are the
pioi'e t adverti'sed.
lSuppose we ol'ganlize ait once ti
Association for tilhe pUrlpose Elf plo
nioting and incour'agiilg nianaUfticto
tries, agriculture, stock-raising, mUe
chanical art, iand of ninmigratiion f
We go over these sulbjects lighgily
at this time in order to call attention
to theml, and we will endleavor to
unite anutd revive actionl on each par
ticulair bIanclih hIereafter.
We ask of ottr poolile a vigorous
Ssupport ill the tmeasures we propose
to sbmitni to their action and consid
eration, feelillg satisfied great and
beneficial results will flow from their
consuiatlioi.
To Avoid Hydrophobia.
H l lOW RAtID DOGS MAY tE TOLD
1'REVESTIOX OF TIlE DISEASE.
X. Y. World.
There is a pimphliet upon hydro
ilholbin, thie nimeais of avoiding its
perils alid prcventing its spread,
tianslated from tilhe French of 31. H,
Bouley by Professor A. Liantard,
piriiciipal sltrgeon of the Americait
'eterilnary College of New York
which should lie in the Ihands of every
one. Some of its sentences should
be printed in huge letters alld postted
everywhere, so that lie who runs may
read. The author says:
People generally imnagine that when
a dog is "mad" his disease is imlnle
diately clharacterized by furious mani
Sfestations and frantic movements.
This is a false idea. Ofteu quite the
reverse takes place. An iifrtlieiate
dlog will not becomell tfuiiis and cs
t ranged in a single day; it is byv slow
degrees that thlie tiinisitiion 4liiies.
uItt eve'ni ill thalit first period, front tilhe
t iiionieit that the lir ist synlIptl s of
hydropllhbia, show thell slsl'es, thO
saliva of the ailulimal is viruent. lh-
ware of a dog which begins to be
I sick. All sick dogs, as a priciile,
nuist he lspecte'd. lieCware especial
ly ,f one thait is sad, l'morose land sekis
forl solitude'; one that ldoes not know
wh'ere to rest; onlle that guos and
comes, raltiiles about, saIIIs aIild
barks witholltt reason, whose lookl.
. are dull and gloomy and whose Iright.
exliressioil is lost. Beware oft the
dog that looks alout and ti acks ino
aginauy 1:ha1ntoim.. Beware of o(e11
t,at is sudd,.nly too allictionate, ask
ilig for your cartessies by his pliti•
Ilul and repileated era vigs. The mad
dleg is noit oif nic'cssity hydrolihotlic..
lHe is not aflraid of water, alnd le will
not runi away if one ilers him a
idlink. lHe will diink as long as lie is
ailc to swallow. allbid dIgs have
blni kno\n to e su ill e I l'o s. rive'l's.
InThe laik of the nd lliog is thllrough
ly characteristic. Illsteadl of the nor
Ial aind sulccessive barks, it is houllise,
lower in ntie, proloniged and noiit s
strong. After the first bark. inmade
at full strelngth, a series of live, six,
sellen or eight other itnied iately Sile
ce{eds, lower in stirength iand tliiowni
out fro nihe the rot. The bravest aIdUil
striongest dog will inl the pileelictt oll
a miad dtog show cowailrdice,, ianid in
stead (if attemlptinig to light with hinl
will try to escapeli. The rabidi dog is
always violiently iimpressed anid irri
tated by thlie sight of alinals Iof its
owni species. It is generally believed
ihat the anll dog salivates aliud
antly -that h1e froh at the mltrh.
This is at eriios error. The aliviary
stetion iSi iincreased ill hyidropliobia
only hien the ilisease is iat its ptarox.
ysllls. The eat liy becomlillce rabid,
lut fortonitely sellomn. Set it downii
forlulliately. for the rahid eat is mliore
tertrille and ll iire daiilgelroust than
the dog. The rabid cat knows its
ilister itno hliger. it i il its blow ai t
the face. Thlie dantger from lllmad dogs
in the wintelr is illbout the samle s ini
the heat of suniluler. lit the spring
cases ate mile f{qii leint iand ini the
iuhlltulln least freqlluent. Sensitive
less to pain is greatly diminished in
the ndil dog. Whlieu whippied, lhuri
ed or wouniided lie does noit cry nor
utte lany ciliillit. The mad dog
ruis awiay firom home, but lafter two
or hriee days' absence he retiurlns to
die neadt his niister. Thle surest wv.
of privetinlg thile lffts of ralid ill
letCliilin from thlie lite of ita tad llog
is the immiediate inatelizatin o f th
wolliudl with thie aetnuil lantiery or
with burniig gunpo wdei(i r or some
other caulstic ageni t. If the caiteri
zation cannot he dole immediately at
ter the bite, onie must while waiting
wash the woundl, pless -it thoroughly
toIll sieeze the biltood out, suck it with
the lips ( spitting liut the liquid iil
niedlatly), compress the edgies of the
woundii, andil, if pos-ible, iiapply a liga
ture abiouit the limb to aniest tI e cir
culatilon of lilood.
It is to be hoped that these few ex
tralcts from this useful work may
bring forth good f uit.
Working Butter.
Do not work too muchi r too fast.
Work , lowly .untl all the salt is ft.hor
,,ghly Iland evenly alllsolil d. If lite
slut is ltl evenly absoibed lthe bluttier
will inot bie of uniforlm color'. Work
iag if tol, fiat will destroy the graiit
andt tihe Itl Ier becolllmes salvy ainil
hird-Ilike in ifs texture. Let it stand,
iior it it away ini the tay for twenty
four htiliti. T'hln work it elitnngh to
removle all the bttilllermiiilk or suirplus
binhe so that Ihe butter ,itay becoie
dry oi like ia piece of cheese. Mi(hl
into rolls, then set them awny for
twenty four lhoiius or ttil they be
comnht Irli'e ltiatd fitm. lThe cloth
should nolw he put iti, so its to coVer
oil,1 eiii| while thu other is left olli('n
for the stimp. 'rlie cloth should be
cit in inels of extnct size tlni dillp
led in brinei and thle butllitor rolled
when the cloth is driippllng wet. hit
tler shoultl linevel r come in ontaclt
wilh Ihe bare hand. iVheni in hlilk,
it Ctll lie easily hauidled Wilth a ildie
itid flat paddle.
A Small Flower C'arden.
A writer in the Westlern Fn atn
Joiurnal recomllmends for a sinll flow-t
er gardien thI following list, illas they
do iot relquire tnreflment, are gooil
stuirdy varieties, will stand neglect,
yet do well: Asters, blalsnms, dion
tlhts, petlitnias, phlox, cttlipsis, ver
henals, sweet peas, n oAtioIetle, Ciltl -
nis, n1aringlldds and 0l l tuhiteis.
The saiie writer again sia': "The
plhints I have naied will itroid a
profusilon of flowerl from Jtne to
Octobier. Phlox will be the hrst tol
blossoln, nd then petnias will on lilie
on, and both of these flowers eoinill
nle o int ea ii in beautiy until hard
frost c eiiits. A.sters will lie ill pe
fection ll Aulgust and 1 eptember.
Calliopsis begitns to blossom ifl July,
Uand near lyt all the othieis iome l
earl'y ill tla5t ioitllht. If lId flonweis
are removed anid not iilolwed to gI io
seed, yol will have ia miichb greutiter
pItrofilsion of lilootii. If you dill not
reollve faded flowers, bit allow thliet
to ierfflc'gt seed, 3'Oi will ooli s1.,
that yoitr plants are losing a Ilrge
share of tiheir former glory. Yiou
Catti't epect a Iltant tio rijpenl seed
and blossom profusely at the same
time.
Ci-isp Cake.-2 ponnds of floiIr, I
pound of suigar, 4 pilnlill oif buttel'. I
tiinibler of ituilk, 2 teaslipoiots of soda.
Roll very thin.
Orange Iee.-Six oranges, the grat.
ed rind of three, juice of two leuoilns,
one lphit of angair dissolvetd in a iiilnt
of cold water; mix and freeze tlhe
5aa01 as icccrualIU.