11 I i
Ca
PE AREUX, bliShC. Thcelfre
P r Publishers. Te Welfare of the People 'is the Supreme Law. Tr s"cr
VOL. I. NATCIITOCHES, LOUIIANA FiBEB TUARY 13 18* -
IL AIY 1;,1877II
ARRIVALS AND DEPARTURES.
NEW ORLEANS, Red River Landing,
Chensyville Quarantico, Alexandria,
Cotile and, Cloutierville, Daily, at
7 A.M.'
SHREVEPORT, Keachie, Mannfield, Mar
thavillo, and Pleasant ilill-Daily at
10 A. M.
NA'CO(DOCHES, Melrose, Chirino. San
Augustine, Milaim, Pendleton, Sabine
town, Many and Ft. Jesup-on Tues
day Thursday and Saturday, at
5I'. M.
HOMRlR, Minden, Buckhorn, Ringgold,
Coushatta and Canmpte-on jTues
day:t and Friday, at 5 P. M.
WINNlIELD, Atlanta, Sutton aid St.
Ma;trice-on Tuesday and Friday,
at9 A. M.
MAILS CLOSE
At 6 A. M.for New Orleans, Alexandria
and Cloutierville.
At 9 A. M. for;Shrevelort, Reachi, Mans
fiold and Pleasant Hill.
At 6 P. M. for Nacogdoches, Texas, Mel
rose and San Angustin.
At 5 P. M. for Homer, La., Buckhlorn,
'on.hatta and Camupte.
At 10 A. M. for Wiianfnhd, &c.
cieo Tlnars-fromn 10 A. M. to 2 P. M.
andfRom 3 e to 7 P M.
J. F. DEIVAnc;AS, Post;Master.
I ,, 
Professional Cards,
y. E' . JACK. D. PIERSON.
JTaol: d. P'ierson,
Attoeys andO Counselors at Law,
N.TCHITOCHES, LA.
W ILL practice in the Con'rts ofNatchitoches.
Sabine. DeSoto, Red Riveri, Winn, JRapidee,
add (Irant, and in the Supreime Court of the
mate. Claiims promptly attendrd to.
Jlnb2-Iyv.
1.RCEa RNE V. 31. J. CUNNINGIIAa[
Kearney & Cunningham,
Attorneys and Counselors at, low
Omse'on St. Denis Street,
June 20-ly. . Natchiteches. La.
Win. M.1. Laervy,
Attornij , and Counselor hi.t Lacw,
Office corner Second & Trudan streeta,
Juuo20--ly Natchitoches, La.
'Business Cards.
X. H. CARVER. A. W. TAYLOR.
Carrver c TWaylor
Wholesale and Retail dealers in.
Dry Goods, Groceries,
HARDWARE,
BOOTS,
SHOES,
HATS,
CROCKERYIWARE, etc., etc.
•+, FRONT STREET
Natchitolies, Ia.
A FREg and lect stook of gnonds always
. on'iani!' awhich havlhg 'been pnrohasedon
a eaibakia eimvblem :ns to ffrer extra ahdoc.
moente tiv cah buyer ,hua. .
"RHigRetc sh price paid for eatteu and oether
prdnde,,and liberal advances made. in 'cash.
or merchandle on consignment.
Jiue 2)r--y,,
,D QQDS,.
i. ,
FQ INO & ; IO!NS,
HllOES and ýi
CObrur 6f Front & Chteh Sieets:
: , . Nathttoc-he,- La.
Jud b 204ly. . 1 :.. ,
: (Wnsley Bri'ck BRiiplc):.,
'A sbhibton Street, NAtehitob ee, La.
Io er
,+L ,+ HA f8, • ., .. , I,
:". ,  t. i + " , ý. :,, i+- . . - i, ..
l.i BOOTS,
SOES, ..
s  ud General MCHiL DI .
I- W'Hi ,eat price PdBo:fir Cotton i nd
tr Cptry, prodeuqgia Ca.h or: er
W4.U_o", L.- yei te t
S.Natehttocwhe" La
D 6OODS, Grocerines,
' Crockery,
Hate,.,
h, Ca e
i"mhee and Notions. ,
ihMlieitdumenmti otered to C 1h
Cotton tahi conntry" pro
--i' t highest CasUh ra es.-'
j. ,*
U. A. IBULLARD. N. H. CAMP'IELL
Bullard &' Campbell,
DRY GOOD)S,
,£RO.ERIES,
IHARDWkARE,
And General Merchandise.,
Corner FK'9NT & LAFYrETrE Street,
\dlchitoc('s, La.
TIGHIEST' cash price paid for cotton and
jla contry produce in cash or nlrclhandise.
June 2i-1 y.
'Theo. Ss~chimaa,/
--DEALERC. IN-,
.DAY GOODS,
G:. ROCERIES, and
GENERAL ME1RCHANDISE.
Cor. FRONT and ST. DENIS Streets,
Jue 1 Nitchit:oehes, ,a.
Jnne 201y.
BeVerly7 TUo1ler,
Corner Fro)tandlSt. Denis street,
S NATCIIITOCIIHl, La: " t
ETATTdealer in choice DFlily Gioeorles
1ý SUGAR.
' COFFEE,
WINES,
Cigars and Tohacco, . LIQUORS,
2' Cheaper tl;hn the Cheapest,
Jiune 2 0m.
o. shafr ath,
, Boot and Shoe. Maker.
CIfALLENGES the Wn rhlf cr nantles.,
and d Efrabilitv of work. yStisfactiiof)
. .
".7h e o . "' "'." . ',*
S Coper, Tin andSheetroh wIorr'.,
Stoieo, lidnwre ana hiouse fn'rkiihing
GOODS, .
W ington St,....ol a... tehitonis St.
.,,,le~agentfor the 1arivaled
. BtCWl BRILLIANT1T'
kindeof "piring,dolIe~ith adlaited .
A litiral discount to cohtry tidadI4.
June.o 20-lr.
DV4WtE lRATI~'S
InnOVe, OCTrON G. ,
SI
C Th. ..1LMSt llE, gr~;
D. W1L0. ., . G.' W. BAWCxn.
T Coper, Tin ai heet:rbi. .er
-iSo, . m nwhoese ndlDealreis ing
I', . . D 'S• " .' . r , ,.
S " : NEW ORLSEANS, -1,
AbS. 1-lyt
"I Am Sick- Again."
If the President had' any just cause
for saa3ing in 173, in his iinnngural
aitlali:ess, that he hail been abucstl and
slaudel ed woise tlhanii ainy other man
Inoinri in our politienal history, what
oniight lhe nliet now to say I The cen
sire li had then received oiight linot
ti have been very painfal to him,
lparticularly when his wounds hadi
been salved by his triumpnhant re
2election and by al an act of Congress
doubling his salary. Many piersonsi
imaginei that General Gnl;iat is the
'lackiest mian in oar history, ;1114 that
it was !.ardly in good MtOte to corn
plain of his woes wheniliis irealt eorn
petitor for the l'residency hiul only a
ew lUlonthls before bleen driven iiito
his grave by assa1ult. to which those
upn Grant tl'ere trifles. The treat
ment Mr'. Greeley received. from some
of the mnenibersq!f the party he had
helped to create iaid fromn some of
the ngirattefu.ll iresrentr.tives of the
race lie had helped to free was simply
inftiloils and will' not soon he fol
gatteit by the nlltii,ll, No pa)rtisaill
hlip could excelse.these cruelties. If
Geneir.l Grant had said, ''Mr,. Gree
Iey is the worst abused ,mn in 'our
politfcal history, and I amn the man
whol.has been mieost richly rewarded,"
he wouild have been nearer to .thei
truth.
lhtt now t.h6 President really has
cause 'for compinlait.' He, has not
bliele well treated in the lart two -ears.
Te peopl .have withdrawn from himl
imuch oft the .imlict coitlidence. they
formerly ireposed in hiit edhitmon sense,
and have, b.r inmmense majorities, tre
corded their conteminipation of Ilis acts.
They have broken, though they have
not yet dlestroyed, .the ring' with
which thi, Senate surrounnded him,
ind' have plilced the Hlonise ill control
ofithe, opposition. They have, with
oat respect to ptirty, expressed their
iidligation at his course in Louiisiana.
They have censmured him for his third
term 'designs,'. and as the Cpbinet
"went back on hinm" in the New Or
leans affaiir, so the Vice. President
has rehtiked' him for hlis dislegard of
popular opinion. Finally, to'forni the
elimlax, Andrew 'Johlison -'lins been
elected to the Senate .Of alU. his mis.
fortunes this is probably the one
which, the President teels most keen
lv anad' when he hiird of the action
of the Tennessee Legislature he might
s have said, with llanimlet, "Would I
had lmet ny dealrest fioe in lheavei! ere
ever I had seell this day." Blt wIhat
he is reiorl.ted to have :said is equally
expressive, though not so Shake
speiarian ": "I ami sick' again'!" the
.Piesident is said to have exclaimed,
and we mnst say lie is not likely to
feel'muinch better when iar. Johinson
liegins to administer the' medicine.
l. F. leralds
--, --   _ - _ : .:
Two KAvrs.--GeU . Phil Sheridan
and Mtat. Wells. are two among the
{hlii'f accilsOrs of thle people of Lou
isiina ; both-of them have borne tes
timony.to the baul character, lawless
conduct andti nlrderous instincts of
our property-holders, mnercbhants pro
fessionall mene and mechanics. 'Now,
-it may'be interesting' to the outside
ovbrld to.knw'whattthese ,twd wori
Aie. think of each other. If Sheri
dla's . testimiony ]s to be received;
against' us, it shouild te acceptedi as
eonclusive agai.nst Sheridan.. We4l,'
.when, Wells .was, Governoir of this
State, a thenState Senator fre!p the
paiish of Natchitoclhes, a geniitleman
of uniitiprtihable characteir, .'ihiie
name :* ale' prepared to give, was
iin'thd dtlice of General Sheridan ..who
was commanding .,this , departioent,
when General Sheridan lsaidl to
himn, 'iveriior ietls is tlhe d--'apst
iceonndrel" in '.Louiitiinis, I and sir, "I
want you to tell' him: '-.!" The.SenF
ator replied that if th .General oint
ed to snd, the Gevornor that, mes
sage hle had libetter s~lid it by one. f
his stiff.: "Shir,"reepomid~d"the ftiite
harnabunilernif Virginia and'lilurder.
eor of. sick Piegan:: womin u and.ehil
(lren, "Wel .is ,sLuelI .a d-d dirty
'iaccal,thats..,don. oat ont iny staff to
coammunicate . with himn," aid then
recoy.i'ing hislf,, lI told tble. Seni,
aiiin mae mant Io r letIchon npoin ,him.
Wells hLaN be. uo less aIniih in
.ermplimfl,tinfig $her;fii, after the
samue style ; he chliiied, in faet, that
Sheidan had swindiled the State' out ,
B$160,000 ~witi of bondi. ..It is also
a historic, fact that wells.was removed
from LlIe giba6ratoriaLehair by Lit~
tIe, Piln. .
rTiii this little 'eontloV"ersy .e- agie;
with bothi'pattlei;: that is, *e'lriigr.
with BlheridanltlaWells is.the d+--nest'
scoundrel in the State, and we agree
with Wells that Sheridan is a thief. j
Truly a pretty jjiiir' f kinaves tf the :
dmininistrafion t hraw to.-Shred-.
i, ieTim" e. r'. : ' "
'haliit iisi loin of Iutton sd
dle-wisie i" saidd a gelntlemiin.l) "No,"
said emis of his guests, "but itbidle.- f
wise,:for then I may have *l chance Id
to get a bit in .my mouth,". .
Tlihb man, Whio dreaHied' that his (
lanot was dead; and found-'that O hbis
drearm cames: true, tried:: ti.e i ase I
tling.with his mother-ithlaw, bablt Ed
didn't work worth a cent .. . .
A sensitive hq broke .iff t*ie Ite
matchl because he said she lad a foot a
like a rasin box.
lYestirdavy ,s a policeman was lean
ing agailnst the ialls of the ])tiofit
o and Milwalnkee Depot, he was ap.
al proached by a nian about thirty years
id old, whose red face was a' good ilratcl
in for his ihair. He was a little "sprung,
it andl lie felt like a steer turned into a
1- elover-liehld.
t . "Mister," says lie, speaking very
n, confdentially to. the olticer, "1 don't
Id want to get locked upi, and have Imy
name in the papers, and be fined, bit
is I am in from lieia on a little blow
is out, and I'd give a clean ten-dollar
1e note to have a little scrinmmage with
it somebody."
.- "Yol mean you want to fight?"
i- asked the officer.
a '"That's what I mean. I'm just
:o aching for a row. I want to stand
te before about three good fellows, and
t- have some one give me the word to
e go in."
d The ofilcer asked if he was heavy
if on the light, and lie answered :
ic "Hlavy ! I should say I was!
y Why, I'm terrible.. They call me the
nitssian bear at' home, andl the hull
I- town stand up or sit down, just
ifas I say !"
The officer said it was his duty to
di' s e scoura''uv disorderly conducnt, but in
n i case like that, where a mnan hiadl
" colle so far to get up at row, lie felt it
c his ditty to extend indirect aid. lHe
told thle liRsiain bear to go to the
5I corner of lleanhien Street, enter soeI
it saloon, talk in a very loud vIlice, and
. he' stoon have his hands fnull.
I ''That's me, lmuch . obliged!" ex
y claimed the inn, and lie walked otlf
In abiout ten minutes a boy came
9 running downi, land said that a main
4. with a chewed ear, two black eyes,
e and a, broken nose was "Lip there" in
I the ditch.
, The officer went hack with the boy,
il and lie soon came upon the Russian
- ear, who iWas: lying in the gutter, one
r leg doubled back, blood all over him,
. andi Ihi ctoat rippied in every seam.
:. "That's you, is 'it ?" asked the of
t ticer, as he pulled at the man's arm.
"Well, did you find that rowY!'
t "Policeman," replied the man as
f lie -gained his feet and looked ait
e linmself and felt his ear-"policemlan,
don't it seem to you a.s if I did I"
B A Washington correspondent o'f the
- ewo .York TribuIe, writing on the
20th, defines Grant's latest position
on the Louisiana business, as gath- 1
e ered from his converse. with friends,
t to be as follows:
If Congress, by a special act, makes
known to hiini its wishes in regard to I
Louisiana lie will execute those
wishes; or if it does not pass an act,
butt the Senate seats Pinchbaek, he
will consider that as suflicient war
ratnt for hint to cuttinuie to support
.Kellgg. But if nothing is done, then J
lie will, in the spring, withdraw the
,United States troops from Louisiana., r
leaving ouJiy enouiigh. to garrison the t
forts on the Mississippi below New r
Orleans, and leave Kellogg to take I
eIlr', of. himself without the aid of
United States soldierd.
A coresponmlent writes fron New- e
bern, '. C.: "It all happened in this d
way-aiad a more ludicrous love affair t
the ;ingenious and: industrious Cupid h
'had never inaugurated. : A fetw even
ings ago one D. repaired .to the resi- i
deniceof his lhidy love,' Mss G., and i
found hirpon lis arrival thiiat. lie had
been suplianted by'onei:M.-L'our sai
lor boy'-Wthereuoln lie avowed his
intention of taking strychnine.. The b
expostulations of tihe yong lady C
were in vain, ind tih dlisippoi'nteil l
swai'h set out for tb li:eairestdrug
,ltore. " After an absence of about' t
thirty tninut!s he retured, fell pros-'
trate at the feet of his, enchantress,'
and begh fr otlingit t tihe inonth'and Ci
uttering heavy groans, as thdiigh lahi.'
bIriag indereeruociating pain.,This, ,I
of equrse, alarmed the whole fawmily,
and several physicians wer' imnedi
ately', called in, who Io' eded to c
pump the suppose d strychnine from ,
him. But, to the utter astonishmentt ,
'of the large criowd tile coup d'afair'e y
hiad'drawn to the 4pot, tile poisonli
turned 'nto be snap pills!" '
A SLOW WRITER.i-Yesterday, while
some niegro isteamboatuen were be
ii'g paid ot,; thd 'dlerk inquired ofeL
each one As lie eanile tip to sign thi
*PiLy, roll, ."Will yoiu write your name
or make an X.f' Tie first. one said
lie coutld writ, his iame, and tire pen
Wias hinded Ilm. 'He looked at the
tent, aEscrtiiized' 'the pay roll, asd l
*hisitated se loung that the olerk pok- h:
ed hu! up.. '"Let's see,' mused tlhe a
darlke,' as be looked uip at'.the clock; ;fu
it'ii now 10 o'clock, and IBve giit to v
meelk is feller at the City Hall at noon; i;
I guess I won't write my ,name; but
4I'i put down ,qn X."-Detroit.~'Eo -
Courier Journal : The report comes n
from Washington that Grant is again la
dridlitig very hard. 'He eentainly P
must 'hiwve been driank 'when lie r
authorized Sheridantle conduct i. New "
Orleas. However, as it is impoR- t
siblq' to conceive how a habitual
drunkard ' could become sufficiently
drunkto be guilty 'of umh a ndeerable a;
.oeutrage, the possibility' is that the i
outrage was pommitted at a momeqt n
iWhen for the first timne "ii a quarter gi
of a century, he accidentally becatie w
ober. " ' ' in
I "LX-l'iltIin., ) T ANiDitI,;% .JTotiNtil,
it ll :i a 0ete1lt intrv .iew witl t a 'C0p're,,ll
- t:ttive of tlhe press. IIhus rev \etis a
" page of Am-eri: history whit.h it i.
I Ioperlijust now to perl'e. 11e as :
"Sheridan attempted to re-ate "the,
It same sort ofdcevil ,ent in Louisiana
when i uas P'esident, but I at 0n11e
y cut short his unto wardt, unwise andiI
't reckless tlroee"tliI,' by perelr't'orily
y removing him, iby rder of Angust 2i',
it l(;7, from New Orleatns to 'Fort' Leav
enwortll, aH dll tnrnll ed hIi ('coll n1itliti
r over to General llHancock, who, ,on
i asslillinng conmmanlt, issued a iti'1la
Inlation or paper which was satisthl4
tory to the whole country, prop','ly
settill. forth thint the ml il itary wt.
4t 1)Seivient to the civil law, all iof
Swhich wais a direct opposition toi
I Sheridan's policy. General ! Inn
t cock's poli ncy wno e hie irep.ct of thei
people, and with the delr:iitrure of
r Sheridan all ;atation ce.ol sed andtl!
Ipelace reigned. It wtas abnllt the re
! nIval of Sheridat l hat G(T.s GraItlt
in whichl it was believed by the who\le
t country that I got the best of himu.
JMy Cabinet were astotuidtl to re
Sore Sheritlanl in he fatce of hisii then
Sexisting military repllitatinii. Sonme
I of themi thought it would never dol to
t take snch a stand. The ulaiiinet was
e divided on the proposition ; hnut I
e told them that if it turned the (,ov
SelrnIltest upside down Sheridanl nor
1 any other General should ul ur1) the
civil authority and trainplle it iglnoti
iliously under foot."-E.. qt,.er.
--- -row---- -
T it E AIR-CASTLES OF AltRIE:NT
YouTuI.-The average Detroit youth
sits upI late, and wChen o'clhck in
the morning comes hlie is ili his sounod
est leep. The flather de1peiids oill
him to make a fire, and he turns over
in his lied ad calls out i "'olomnll,
it's 6 o'clock !" Boy dreams of chias
ing a rabbit into a hollow log, and,
while he is hunting atouind for an ax,.
the old than calls oit: "Come, Shlo
IoUn !" Boy's dream changes, anld lie
thinks lihe is husking corn to get moll
ey to go to l)an Rice's circnus. 1Ie is
imakiug the ears fly when the old man
rips out: "Sol-o-lani l Spiink-brook !"
Boy moves unieasily, had dreams that
he is playing base ball, and he sees :t
crowd of adimiring spectaltorsl seated
on Ihe top irails of the fences.
"If that btoy don't 'rouse, I'll make
him think he's sent for !" :niltters tihe
old man, as lihe looks at the clock, and
then, sitting up I hd, he shouts:
Ohi, Sol! Oh, Sol !" The ho,, dreams
that lie is loafing around the opera
house door and lhoaring people for
"checks," and lie is about to get one,
when the old man slips up, pulls the
quilts off, hanmmers away at limi with
the haiir-brush, and chlckles: "There !
I guess you won't want mli to wake
You liI; lmotec than fillrteen tiimes
more." As the boy pulls on his
pants and gets into his vest, he men
tally declares that he'll rdtn away that i
very day and become a pirate.-Free I
Press,,
-- --O1 -- I
A Western paper tells us. that "ai
female book agent at La Crosse knock- I
ed a lanryer down witil a twenty'-tt,
dollar :Bible, and then knocked his
teeth opt witli a six dollar hymn I
hook."' Arm that woman with an or- I
dinary libary of costly religiogs
hooks, aulll she will whip her weight (
in wtihl cats.-Courier-Journal.
An exchange says: "They would
have hadI .a rligious revival in La
Crosse the other week but for thew-ay
harnesse were cult upi and horses
shnved outside tile chulclh door while
the prencher was starting the gnood
,wo within. A mann cani't. be good
after findinog his lorse's tail.anti mane
cit off." That's a fact. Undler such l
cireminhtances religion is abouf the V
last thing a:man trants. : p
I
Right Rev. i." Vaughn Roman 4
Cathlolic Bishop, of Stallford, England e
aeeompanied yLv seveail priests, Ihys u
sailtl on the steamer Oceanic for New II
York. He gie to piromote misSioni s
aiiong thle negroes of the Southern f
States. r
Thle best defneec of lying that.we v
ever read is tlie remarknl of Chiarl;s A
Lamb,h related by Leigh liunt, jiat ,
"tr'ith was precious, and not to-be b
wasted on everybody." b
Reading the deelaration of Clarna
Loniie Kellogg, that ''American girls "
hIave the sweetest voices in the world," tI
a Roman Benedict remarked, tnhouht t
fully,, "'Well, tllat's so; cut their '
voices change quickest of any voices t;
in thie world, alfter 'they are married." P
-Rome &ent.
A singer, applying fior man .ngage- ei
ment, wrote toan impressarsi as foe d
lws; "I am a good musilhiu. I ii
pla all music at furet siteo." "Well," l
remarked the impressario to a frientd, hI
"she may ply by note, but she cer- tl
tainly spells by ear." y
Theln autholnr of "Lucile" is writing o
another love poem. Owen Meredi!gi
is a dangerous character. There ip h
no othler hiing writer who mnnke t
girls so eambitions to hbe women, "or g
who causes so many midniight imusigs f
in young ladies' boardlidhgliools.o ft
, Far and Houeihold Column.
- I
-"I SIT.: T 'R U'To l.t-- h~ ]11' -
" rs' nion so.\ . : "N w that Lary'_.
i: is 1 ove'ir, t;ike ';li'e of th e: It|io!s.
A lilVe ster thait cil1st. 1 ." !)) is too ex
tt 1 'le ' l . ive : 1 p)ie(e of w.P:hi ,ry to i ,
out i11ll lli wealt he'rs. xxposeid to W litd,
u 81111 raind .iii. (li of 1i4 ' 411 ( T '.1r .
( del'nts solie tine sin'c intle 1lIe start
Sliy1 1 a nll olnllcel('it! I ha; On all 1lvo'
a,,(. they dhi l ot do) ov' r two F !,:r:a!.s'
1 work before they wvrr worn (it
e e+tihlatil4g' Ihat two WI4!ks' !;ilioe wIls
got out of them ri;l:l y:lr. ;1 aI1 that
in four years Ihlsy 'ret 1se; . .
INow, this ought iotl l 1)1O soi. :u1l vet
i 1 t 1 o llt 11;1r i, i Iii it of t1, he 1 ir l nl
ifin ,, in the ]West. Build ;t ..hel ter, he,•
it (.ver so theel], and1 storle yotlr ln4
chinery in it I lie first thinug atfter get
' tin vur grain n lhep stl'ack. T'iak:
io-t tlhe ,icki, l it ml) iay itl awayit
for safe-ke(elping in yVor ]h,. .,. ..h'1e11
- thvorot';ghly all the. ruefal w,)rk and
t rh it orvr with ttllnw to , ve r'tst
:ill', , r t" ::t 1; n t o ly ;Ac'rny.s y<our
tmi'. hin , hut e i'tsIs tlt i13, w jichf
will Iaek it to piiis whnIi it is nllxt
Vli lt]l ] for 1i:t ; and r l; 1 .5 1ii as 11'l
can. ji,:hit it 4)44'r. J)4,int l ºrr:.,i res
~O rlt l Wo I nl l It':-i it l'o:n l IoIIn
4. c1a. ks an(1 rot. It it 'i. s!h lt.'ri'd 4and
'iaiinted8l a141d le1t ftill lris-ti hg, ain.
the .4lts 1P4tly 5,(4el st'wed upil when
ill t1s'(, a ,4io hl r:s, . wter 'will last. a,
r dozen yers, with Iie' sh1)al r1i'niwal
of the Hsicke."
IHow o K.eep W' arm.- O.ne way
not t. tl keeli waltlr is to d:'cIt k freel v
of hot drinks: to keer1, the- pIores of
r the skin closed; to ,eat more, than
Cal lite digested] tlo . it. ovr a hot ;lnir
furnlle ; to 8le1 ' t iht!ly; wear- ti;h,
Sgarters, tight shIies., tiight glov(\s. a:il
uinldle 11)p with 'heaps''i" of wIal
Sclo.thing; we:ir lmllehis aroundl I hl
Sneck, and avotid breath uo cool,
fresh air ; take wine o(ir iitters hbelor..
leals, a11114d pills to aid dige (.sfio)n aflter
ea4ting. 1)o this dai ly a rne'ruthl or
moret, and you will be as tlnhdr as. t
tol.lieal houei jhitit, ,111l1 'wili tak4e
t'dre1adfll colds" -lo the sliOhteSt ex
pl.sure. hot dr'inltl .just he14ore go
ig oullt aie espeeiallyl favoralle to
induce chills; 1and this is lthe way
lllnlly alre tryinlg io chie:t nature l111(1
Iprolong Ia miserable e x i s t e U c1 e.-
IScience of Health.
Fei tlng Cows for Mi1-.-I m ,:t
gaged in the production bf init k fol'
iinform Il e whait I canl feied li1 c(ows,
Sin addition to enils-llutl h1', ,tl at will
I iclll'e1ae their milk Itullcieii t to ciiver'
the cost? Present li-essi are ais ft'l
iows: Milk, 411 "cents peri quart;
shorts, $25 per ton : earn-meal 4
Iliper 100 pau11lns: oats, 73 cents per
Iushel. C. G. 'T., Clinton Corners,
N. Y. [.Judlging fronm sflmiwhat limi
t teidexperienee, we shoull-say1 that at
the ,:nie of prices given, Irrn
would cost about *20 per ton ; and,
if so, a mixture of four quarts of
bran, two quarts of shorts and o0110
qlart of corn-mieal, would cost Iaboutil
uine cents. A .cow) having this half
in, the orninilg i d half at tight, fied
dry, or, still better, wvit il with quite
warm water, ought to give more than
two quarts of milk nmae per day
than she otherwise wonld. ,If eitih*r
lo)tl is left out, nltl4lion quart ofI
Shorts eln be put in instead oif, theI,
corn-meal. 'rhere will ., a . -avi-g t.
lie takeil into accountl, as clws w'helu
ftd grain eat less- hayv. We have
known milkmoen makeliL it pay tIo toed
twice the qu1an1titty naimied. Iii one
case, a cow fed o0I 4)i1n blushlel of bran
pecr day gave Iim1ore tlhal eoitilgh tllore
milk thh w vouhl pay for thell brau.
Coulntry Gelntlelmnut.
F.ed FowlIR a Little adtl Often.-It
is a ver.y c'iareless mlethlod of feeding
flowis which we see so ofltn a,4ll)tj,1d,
where the ~raii, is thrown diwn in
gt:reat heaps oo thi glolrtd or floor.
It is not o.ly wasteful. Ibt ij1riiwoi
t& the fowls,.becaitse thcy get over
e6ntrary to their habits. For their
uiatlre is to scratch. Watch tht, old
he wilth a brood wihen she is just let
unt of thlie iooji. She hIardly stics
from the spot, but a0. sol as she las
re.ilized her freed41m dlown go her
claws into the soil, g.l! afterlwarl,
whenever roll see her shet is at it.
Always tfed no 1it1)1'! than etlll hit;
e atten ait .1e, nd take t ';re that this
s sol 54e'terId .'i m,1 o1 g smiti light rhb
bish that t.liy Iany have the luhxury
,,t scratching for it. If feed is buried iin
_resh .-rtuh, then thl~e get with lheir
moilulthIIuls of" glr';in t4nme4thinig to tise
to their peeliar die,-live oirgniis.
Grain, however, shoul Ilot he allow
ed to comOe iin contl..t with the tilth\'
tainted soil too olteii fouiiid in thiet
poultry--yard.--The Poultry World.
Chapped Hando.-TThe • implest
remedy is folud il 4very one's kitch
en closet, and is cll.,mm sta'cl. Re
diice it to a. itmp'ipible po)wder, put,
il a mloslin bag, keep it in the table
otrawer. Whenever you take "yVur
hands out of dishwate' or Muini v wipl
them dry with a soft towel, ;11141 while
yet danip, shake the starch bag all
ovr,' thelitll 0(d rub [i in,. The enfect
is most agreeable.
Poor' Man's Pudding.--Two and a
half tablesjoonfils of melted uttler,
1wo tanenpfill of milk, .lie teacIp ot'
nugar, one pilt of flour, two tesspuon
fuls ot cream tarter and o01e tespoon l -
futl of sonla" Bake .imn.-hnit hlu,.