Spirit of the Country Press.
Enterrise, Washington, St.
Landry, parish. Grand ratifica
tion meeting on Saturday last in
honor of Tilden and Hendricks. ix mil
Crops are looking well, but rain
is desired in some localities. t the
¶ttgar-Bo wl, Iberia, Cane has Deliv':i
grown wonderfully under the rays r
of the Sun. Corn maturing fast NTI
and the crop will be larger than tilieft
last year, so much, that instead of very lc
finding sale for the surplus at 50
6t0c. per bbl. (just think of it) as with g
last season, the farmers will have BOX
to feed the bulk of it to hogs. lery,
The people are united and confi- intrn'
dent of victory in the coming can- DOrl
vas. ti"nl.
&ntinel, Thibodeaux. Despite Wl
the numerous light showers which attnt
have prevailed of late, a general
rain is much needed by all crops pri
now; most of the cane. has receiv- L
ed the final working, and( requires the V
a rain to give a good send off; a -
large portion of the corn is at
that stage when a rain would be a
vast benefit.
We are glad to note the good
prospects of our rice planters, Chi,
who say that it the bayou only
keeps at its present stage for fif- Ill
teen days longer their prospects cal a
will be most flattering. os
The Senatorial and Judicial "n'
Convention, for the District corn has b
posed of the parishes of Red River, s
DeSoto, Sabine and Natchitoches, nxont
will assemble at Natchitoches on the p
TUESDAY, AUGUST 15TH, httix
for the purpose of nominating a maste
Senator, District Judge and Dis ac
trict Attorney. This is settled, as asud
Sabine and Red River have both have
signified their preference for week
Natehitoches, and we hope that P
DeSoto will yield with her usual pape
good grace, to us the honor.- to
Pleasant Uill'is hardly a place for Fran
Conventions, there is no Hotel and ali
but scant accommodation for dele- othe
gates. With us, we have two as will,
fine Hotels as are in the country, unai
and all the accommodations re pae
quired, sad
will
The Vindicator acknowledges w
an increase of 76 subscribers for pad
the week ending to-day. Our is- or
sue now is twenty-three quires, or will
f552. Four hundred of this is
strictly within our parish. Any Co
one who doubts this can examine
our books, question our Foreman, a
an.d work oti an issne. We pay s
our hands their wages weekly ,
without fail, we pay our rent and
we do not eqjoy (t) the printing
monopoly. n
coy
The Democrat informs us that
the mob of Radical thieves wh
helid high carnival in New Orleans
for a week or more, and endeav
ored to palm themselves off upon
the people as a reform Convention
ef Bepublicans, attempted to in
dace sincere and honest men to
aooept nominations upon their ri
o- tieketfor Governor, Gov. D. B.
Pen mand Mr. Phelps, were ap
proaebed by these worthies, but
their offers were spurned with in
diguation. This certainly is the
heightof impudence, and they de- m
serve all they have received in at
Stempting to cover ap the black
ietsof-their record and the foul T
nomihatioos for the other officers
on the ticket, under the head of i
sha oet man for Governor.
S Th. contest is now made up; a
Ithb (Itadiceals have shown them- i
"e·s:iotatlly incapable of acting
S even deeaently, and they must ex- A
pi i Rudi iil have the full and
nditvided opposition of every res- 1
pectbleAiitiaeu ine leniianS. I
¶indianls of the plains have nc- t
teded, in therougiy whipping the
ezxieditkm sent against them by our
Go4termu0stb it 1 sald ths&4000
higIa*e battle to Crooks command
l mJ If h oat loss was terrible. Gen.
Ci at imd a large number of ollIcers
Willed or woendid, among them
Sil K:ntob aalRodgeon, of
+I -'cIhIaens of Sablue will
a tas-ks for theirl
esi o ianld wishes
t t#vN!ICAI'0L :We will at
ia t ;:..lt the Jeut ap-.
tiof h plunderers of
4::+. h. i O . to.•l g
$' ,'' :
ARTI a& SMITH, superbr
t jutervie
son getti
-STEAM
SAW MILL, C
Six miles south of the city of Natchitochee
PRICE: for.
At the mill, per M. .......$5.00 to $10.00
Delivered in town, per M.,...........14.00
W :E TAKE pleasure in informing tie THEI
V publlic tlha t we ar l prepared to take
CONTRACTS to build cabis, .furnishing
therefor, lumber, material and labor, at
f very low rates.
BOX COTTAGE,
with gallery, 14xl? feet, complete, shin. The S
gled roof. put up for $125.00 its 30th
BOX COTTAGE, 12x15 feet, with gal- tion of
lery, complete, put np for $10. in the V
Planters and others will lind it to their Jnu:tr'
interest to give us a call. Its co
Orders left at this oftice or with Louis interest
Dupleix, will meet with prompt atten- Industr
tin. gress 0i
t ;' Ordjrs left with Mr. E. Smith, at liientit
Willis Hollmes' will meet with prompt New I'r
attention. 4s. of all k
1 MARTIN & SMITH. gestiol
April 10- ly. for Vo
-- - - ----- V'iilollS
12 Get your printing done at Tchie
c-ape:
the VriNDCATO'- Job Olfice. pe pi
S--- front 1(
WILD OATS. .n
ucerinj.
PROSPECTUS FOR 1876. Record
d ,licatii
- Lailna
Champion Anmericatt Comic Paper ! t rg
FAR
. Invent
Illustrated by a corps of the best Ameri- ers of
Scan artists, alnd contributed to by the yers, a
most popular humorists and satirists of jitd th
the day. them.
Wild Oats now enters successfully t'p" Faauil
on the sixth year of its existence, and ins li
n has become the established huImorous and Colleg
satirical paper of the country. It was A ye,
,t started and continued the first year as it SEtER
s, monthly, then, to satisfy the demand of sands
the public, it was changed to a fortnight an
n ly. Still continuing its good work of are we
h hitting folly as it tiles, and showing up price.
the political and social shams by its eludii
a masterly cartoons and pungelt editorials, iene
[S it achieved even greater success than Dealeu
before, and was recognized as the ablest
18 and brightest of its class. Since then we
th have yielded still further to the public AhER
demand, and now publish Wik Oats Solicta
Fr weekly! It has literally grown into its and o i
at prsent shape on its intrinsic merits, be- world
iug the first successful weekly humorous tions
lpaper ever published in this country. their
- Among the artists especially engaged Plt
to furnish illustrations for Wild Oats are Model
for Frank Bellow, Thomas Worth Hopkins, examl
ad Wales, Shelton, Wolf, Jump, Keettels, tic
Stnckhardt, Day, Poland, and severa of all
le- others who are yet known to fame. f all
In its literary departments Wild Oats Ath P
will, as it always has, stand alone and part
ry, unapproachable. At least one first-class pate
serial story will always be found in its i
rpages, by the best humorous, satirical, Parmi
and character writers in the United rectit
States; while its sketches and squibs Pater
will be sparkling, original and pointed. N. Y.
es Wild Oats will be first-class in every Was.
for particular, and on this account may be J
taken into the best families without fear
1S- or suspicion, as no word or illustration -
or will appear that can offend the most fas
tidions.
118 Send for a Sample Copy and
Ily Convince Yourselves.
ine SUBSCRIPTION PRICE: A
an, One Year....................... $4 00
S Six Months..................... 2 00 C
kly Three Months............ ..1. I 00 T
8ingle Copies................ 10 co
Any person sending ns a club of five a
subscribers for one year will receive a lar
copy gratis. Soul
;hat Address, It
COLLINS & SMALL. edit
Publishers, 113 Fnalton Street, N. Y. and
of 1
V- EVERY LADY SIOULD TAKE IT. tit
tntil
iu T P ETER SON'S IAGAZIlNE1 I
All
I to the
heir THE CHEAPEST AND BEST IN and
. THE WORLD.
ap- -are
but the
SPostage Pre-Paid ot all bseriptios.
the Set
de- This popular Monthly Magazine gives
more for the money than any in the
I at- world. For 1876, it will be greatly ium
ck- vr. It will contain One Thousand
ages. Fourteen Splendid Steel Plates a
fol welve Colored BerlinPatternse, Twelve tm
ers Manmmoth Colored Fashions, Nine Hun- an
dred Wood Cuts, Twenty-Four Pages of Vei
SOf Music. All this will be given for only we
Two Dollars a year, postage prepaid by lY
the publisher, or a dollar less than Mag- an
up; azines of the elass of "Peterson." Its a
hem- TIIRILL1NG TAL8 AND NOV- in
cting 1LT ES tTo
it er- Are the beat published anywhere. All in
and the most popnur writers, are employed
to write originally 'Peterson." In 17l, as
i res- in addition o the usual quantity of shot fi
stories. PFive Originas Copyright Novel- ci
Sette will be given, by Mrs. Ann 8. Ste
phens, Frank Lee Benedict, Jane G. Aus. cl1
6 aUC- tin Marietta Holley and Daisy Ventnor. 1l
g the MAMMOTH COLORED FASHION
y PLATE8
ma Ahead of all others. These plates are
engraved on steel. Twice the usual size,
Gen, and are unequaled for beauty.. They
uiers will be superbly colored, Also Hone.
hold and otheir reeip;s* in short, every
them thiag intereatin to ladie
ns, in
SUPERB PREMIUM ENGRAVING!
To every person getting up either of
as ilthe following elubs for 1876 will be sent
their opy of our new and splendid
mei t~i~totintog' (size 21 inches by
wi.shes 6, "W'shinton' First interview with
l B Wif Tbis is a Five Dollar Engrs
' vilng, sad the most desirable premium
at ap everoberel. Fo lage elabs, as will be
i aena belew, an extra py oet Masusine
wll e stoeat a addites.
IATOR
liers Qf
TRrMI Al'ways in Advance) O$2.00
med out Podage repafd bg te Pulisher.
d O Copies for... ....... 8 0
lr-lg i i : .° . a'':/ : - " 'd
''' ......."...".-."...................
R ~ 4~iB
aj
snperb mezzotint. u"Washington's First
interview With Ilis Wife," to the per
son getting up the Club.
Address, post-paid.
CHARLES .. PETERSON,
80(G Chesinut street, Pa.
,r. 'Spccimens sent gratis if written
for.
Go]
1 THE BEST PAPER. TRY IT.
r POSTAGE FREE. E
Beautifilly Illustrated. by atu
whatev
* Tile SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN now in than
its 30th year, ejoys the widest circula
1- tion of any weekly newspaper of the kind
in the world. A new voilme commenllces
ir January 4, 1875.
Its contents embrace the latest and most
is interesting informalion pertaiining to the
u- Industrial, Mechanical, and Scientific Pro. We i
gress of the World; Descriptions, with and Ne
at liuantiful Engravings, of New Inventions, shows 1
Pt New I'rocess'-s, and Ilnproved Industries ternal
11. of all kinds ; Useful Notes, tccipes, Sag
gestions andi Advice, by Practical Writers,
for Workmen and Employers in all the He-I
v- Iliosh a tr. rt.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN is the
cheapest and best illustrated weekly pa
per published. Every naumber contains
- from 10 to 15 original engravings of new
unachinery and iovel\ inventionls.
ENGl1AVI GS, illu'tratig ILumprove
nmeats, Discoveries, and I1mportant Wlorks,
pertaining to Civil and Mechanica Engi
neering, Milling. Mining and Metallurgy;
Records of the latest progress in the Ap
plications of Ste'am. Stcnmn Engineering,
Railways. Ship lBuilding, Navigation.
! , Telegraphy, Telegrapll Engineering, Elec
tricity, Magnetism, Light and Heat.
FARMERS, Mechanics, Engineers,
Inventors, Manufacturers. Chemists, Lov
ers of Science, Te.achers, Clergymein, Law
he yers, and People of all Professions, will
of ind the ScnINri:IC AMEIIICAN useful to
them. It should have is place in every
IP' Family, Library, Study, otee, and Count
nd ing Room; in every Reading Roonm,
,ld College, Academy or School. This a
gas A year's nimbliers contain 832 pages and cal
e 1 SE'ERAL. IIUxNDRII) ENtIRAVINGS Thou
of sands of volumes are perserved for hind
ht. ing and reference. The practical receipts
of are well worth ten times the suhscription
nP price. Terms $3 20 a year by mail, il
its cluding postage. Discunt to Clubs Spe
sln, cimens sent free. May be had of all News
,au Dealers.
le PAT ENTS nnectionwith
we u the SC IENTI IC
lie AMERICAN, Messrs. MuN & Co. are
'ate Solietors of American and Foreign Patents,
and have the largt est e lishment in the
world More than fifty thousand applicas1
tions have been made for patents through DI
ged their agency. excc
Paged tents are obtained on the best terms
is Models of New inventions and sketches sands
ins, examined and advice free. A special Sever
erai notice is made in the Scientific American the N
of all Inventions Patented through this effect
)Agency, with the name and resident of ceive
the Patentee. Patents are often sold in heart'
lass part or whole, to persons attracted to the its all
lits invention by snech notice. Send for Disea
iCal Pamphlet, 11i0 pages, laws and full di
ite rections for obtaining Patents. $1
Address for the Paper, or concerning
Patents, MuNN & Co., 37 Park Row
tedN. Y. Brach Office, cor. F anu 7th 8ts.
very Washinton, D C. Me
fear Jany 11875.--lv great
ation or G0
faa- JOURNAL OF tion t
Righ
nd AGRICILTUIRE AND FARMER. .cian
pose.
A Weekly for Farm, Or- tra
14 00 have
00 chard and Family Circle. expe
year.
1 00 . kiov
The Weekly Journal and Farmer is a
10 consolidatiou of the monthly Journal of
five Agriculture and the Weekly Missouri
Farmer, is now the greatest leading popu
iwe a lar Farm amj Fireside paper of the
Southwest.
Its departments are complete and ably
. edited. The Grange is a leading feature, Di
S and this departmeut is always full of is l
good things contributed by the members poill
of the Order. The Idlies are heard nig I
T. tlhrough the colnumns devoted to their in- ace
tereste, and many hints of household sell
utility and good advice can be gleaned and
\ by those who wish to become ornaments you
S in their homes and by their firesides. T
All classes will be instructed by reading haua
the Journal of Agriculture and Farmnner, are
' IN and no family should be without it. Its you
ona
MARKET REPORTS has
are complete, authentic and reliable, and i
the paper is worth the subscription price se
ations. alone to get its markets, fresh and relia- of
ble every week. lirs
Send for it! Read it I Take its ad- bus
Sgires A
in the vice, and it will pay you. hol
susand Men and women, boys and girls, old
Plat and young, give theJournal of Agricul- go
twelve tro and Farmer a trial for one year, fii
SHun- and see if you have not made a good in- ae
ages of vestment. It is a large 8 page, 48 column
r only weekly Agricultural, Grange and Fami s
aid by ly Newspaper, and is free from politied
IMag- and religions discussions, and its chaste
Its and well written pages nmakes it a wel
come visitor in thousands of households
nOV in the great Misisisippi Valley.
Club agents wanted, to whom liberal
terms will be given. We want agents
e. All in every town and village. ha
ploed Send for specimen copy free, and we n
: 1g5, ask that you seid Ias the namels of your
)fshort fliends, so 'hat we may send them spe
Novel- lmen copies.
. Ste. GSubscription price, $2.00 perannnm; ag
h. Aus. clubs of 5 or more, $1.50 each. Postage, re
entnor. 15 cents must be sent with each name, i n
as we prepay every paper sent out. c
IION Address t
CHEW, CORDELL &A CO., s
Stee are l10 orthl Sizth Street,
They St. Lonis, Mo.
Hones.
WHITEWATERWAO0M t
VING! ii
,ither of
Ibe sent A
splendid
swih lbe dp
assasie. 1O FARt, PLANTATIOnl AD fIEIBHT.
ALSO SFRIG AND BEOCRAT WAONS.
P0 we will sell direct to parties
dearii them.' Price and
ouaurniph-d o a
Msker. ploatlon. The Whitewater
costs 'ifle m ore than ocli
nary wagons, but Is'the
.4 w cheapest in the long run;.
i.w 16 W SEMPLEB1AGErcCO.
(10 a a.us, w!ll
t4o TflIIM
WE WANT AN AGENT IN FL(
EVERY COUNTY
--IT THE
UNITED STATES! ;
---oo--- over 100
Gold Coin! $1,000.00 in Gold!
--00--- -t and
We Challenge the World, wli.
Add
And will forfeit $1,000 to any person who can produce a remedy which will prove Jan. it;
b acual test, a mote speed, aet tlwn atu etlectital cure for .Ill P~uatis and Achies of
whatever fotbe, external and internal, acute or chronic, deep-seated or othrwise L
Dr. Radoliff's Great Remedy,
SSeven Seals or Golden WONDER Deli
Weo. have had this ci lhnge of $1,000 prominently displayedt in all our Circulars Te li
th and Newspaper Advert'isments, for the last four years, and not tEiken, alwhich of iut~ r
s, hows the superior excellence of our Remedy over all other. For External or In- sketchy,
ns5 ternJI use-. Copie(s I
tere It will Effect a Speedy Cure in all Cases of post-pal
SHeadache, Neuralgia, Toothache, Sprainis, Bruises.
e Flesh Wounds, Burns, Colic, Cramp, Cholera -
Morbus, Flux, Diarrlhoea, Bironchitis. Catarrh, N
coughs, colds, Inflammatory Rheuma- The 1
tism, Asthma, Phthisic, Heartburn, THE B
indigestion, Summer complaint, Daily,
Pains in Side, Back or Loins, os
Piles, Ringworm, Felons,
-I Stings of Insects, Bites of `pee
, Venomous Serpents, only $1
and Especially Ru
o Imatism.
A POWERFUL REMEDY Which is taken Internally by ANY ONE A
itt
),- 00--"
This celebrated medicine is beyond a doubt the greatest discovery in Medi- H 0
nd cal Science known to the world. Its action is at once felt; its wonder
Oi- ful cures are instantaneous; in fact it literally demolishes pain.
- -oo-00
ts
EQUALLY GOOD FOR MAN OR BEAST. Brig]
-in- o- to the
pe- REMEMBER WE GUARANTEE EVERY BOTTLE. The H
leadiua
No Cure, No Pay ! te
STry it, and be Convinced. r
are beo
its, .--00- homes
the -U AN- The
ica SOURCE OF HAPPINESS TO MILLIONS OF SUFFERING HUMANITY. Ameri
ugh with I
gh During the past four years the wonderful success of this Great Remedy has far cial lil
rts exceeded our most sanguine expectations; thousands have been cured, and th ou nt
,ims Sands have found out fromt actual experience that Dr. Radelil s Great Remedy, '.Del
ial Seven Seals or Golden Wonder, is the Most Wonderful Pain Destroyer in Existence, rewari
can the Most Expedious, Safe and powerful Remedy known in the World. Cures are
this eftfcted almost Instantly, as if by Ma-ie. Thousands of certificates have been re
of ceived from all parts of outebroad land, unsolicited and unasked for. speaking in of the
in heartfelt and universal praise of this Great Remedy. from persotal knowledge of t1ou1e
the its almost miraculous powers in curing the most obstinate and protracted cases of real 1
for Diseases. will h
di- -00- we sl
S $1,000 Profit in Four Months! 1,872 One Dollar Bottles Sold! Miss I
ow READ THIS: amoud
Ste. Scott Town, Lawrence County, Ohi. to dra
Messrs. KENNEDY & CO.-Dear Sirs: At this late hour I will inform you of the pp
great benefit I received from the use of Dr. Radcliffls Great Remedy, Seven Seals rich a
- or Golden Wonder, after being confined to my bed for eight years with a complica- e
tion of diseases, viz : Dyspepsia, Bronchitis, Palpitation of the Heart, Pain in the muirit
Right Side, with General Debility, for which I tried the skill of our home physi- m
cians, also a doctor of New York City, and two of Pittsburgh, and one in the h
" . northern part of Ohio. Took enough patent medicines to swim itt-all to no pur- TI
pose. At length I was induced to try Dr. Raldclill's Seven Seale or Golden Wonder. wl
have sold thirteen gross, or 1,872 bottles, up to this date, A.gust g20th, 1872, atl
e.expect front the growing demnanal to sell ten thoutsanmd (10,000) bottles in the tmext 'P
year. Gentlemen, if yo think bthis worth using yor ca l do so, as I an geerally
is a known over three counties as a man of great allictio l, f J a oan B
lof Yours Respectfully, H.. . J.DARLING. d
1 f- 0--- cial m
ouri A REMEDY FOR: HARD TIMES. TRY IT. T
lpit- fully
the FOR THIS GREAT REMEDY WE WISH YOU TO AO AS OUR AGENT. from
ably --mO O ------.
tle Dear Sir :--The above fully explains the articles we wish to sell. Thus business Th
of is tonorable, atd by being eatergetie, ill pay you well. It is out desire to ap
pbrs1oint an agent in every coanty htm all linrts of thme United States ahal Canada, grant-trb
eard nig to each the exclamive right to sell every bottle solt in the county. Should you ers.
r in- accept the agency for one or more counties, you shall have the exclusive right to "T
hold sell every bottle sold in your county, as long as you continue to act as our agent, ted I
ned and all orders which we may receive from your territory shall be turned over to mint
ntsyour aceommnt. fe
e This Wotderfil Remedy, Seven Seals or Golden Wonder, sells rapidly in the
dim hands of the right kind of men, and we want noie other. Now if you think you ILL
r are the man for the work, forward your order, name yomtr county, and go to work; I; *
Its you can sell a gross in a few days, withount a doubt. We have one nian who buys tra
on an average three gross per week, and his ordi.rs are increasiug rapidly, and he ana
has at small county, (Berks Co., Pa.) He writes that he expects to sell one gross be a
per day, at retail, the cooting season, not counting wholesale. You have the prtv- paym
prine ilege of selling wholesale or retail, or putting it on commission with druggists, or cita
re seliing by sub-agents. This business is worth the attention of good men and men post
l of capital. Should you make but reasonable wages-say $100 per month for the
first three months (tany niakotimore)-_you would nevertheless be establishing a
,s ad . busitmess that would pay you largely int thme emnd.
Ageents are doing better with our Remedy than anything else they ever took
hoalof. Why is this I Because the Remeda does just as we say, and our agents
can warrant every bottle. No cure, no pay. Knowing that we make all losses
s, crl-good, should they be called on to redeema a bottle, agents ran no risk of loss.
ven Seals or Golden Wonder is put up in $1,0i and 50 cent bottles, elegantly
ea finished in neat and appropriate wrappers, and liacked in nice boxes, one dozen im
adi-each box. 00
Fami dugiste our scale of prices are-Large size, $1.00 bottles, per deben, $8.00
mi smnall size. 50 cent bottles, per dozen, $4.50.
ate We give special terms to our County Agents at suteh figures that they can sell
awe o druggists and country stores at the above price and make a hadtsome profit.
eli We also give ani
lilerdl Extra Premium to Agents !
ngetts lu order to-have live, energetic men to take hold of the business at once, we
have concluded to give free gratis to each and every agent a present of a handsuntm,
nd we An
f yottr Coin Silver Hunting Watch, Free,
Beautifully engraved, amd correct time-keeper, woith $20,00, sten a certificate of
innm; ageucy giving tJOLE CONTROL of seichi cony as the agent may select (not ml
stage, ready taken); amid, ftrthermore, all orders commg from such counties as the agent
name, may select, will be sent back by us to the agent to be fihled-min fact we give sole
i. control of such counties as long as the agent continnes in the business. Remember,
:the Premium Watch is given gratis to the agents. We take this plan to have our
Great Remedy quickly and thoroughly introduced. Let us hear from you at your -
)., earliest convenience, and secure your county at once, before being taken by some
one else. Remember, this offer is open for a short time only.
is, Mo. A &maU Capital Required to Em a Large Paging Baseiess.
The capital required is very small, and the profits from it will fully equal that of
thousands of merchants who have invested a large capita: in their business. Hli
dreds in all parts of the country are making from $1.50 TO $5,0o0 A YFAR.
And hundreds more will date their success fIem accepting our liberal offer at this
time. Any one willing to work for success can force it, but those who believe that
it can be had from idleaessare not the kiid of men we want to push our business.
We want
A LI VE, ENERUETIW AGENT.
As one seth is worth a dozen who expect a business to push itself. We have spent (
in shlng rout busiuess ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS.
n as paid us todo it, and it pays our agenits, as it advertises it thouroughly in
the~ eat Remember, this is a life business and that every year it grows larger
and ager.
WT sued to parties .entemplatiag to act as our Agents a SAMPLE DOZEN
'B(ITTLESeecurely packed with our diaerent Posteru, Bill, Show Cards, Terms, ele.,
018. UPON THE RECEIPT OF $4.50. And all sending $2.0 for Sample Dozen, we *
will send free of bhrge. Samples of onr Eiiht Elegt. hrommo entitled:
tentt6 Guod Horeseng G ood Night ! FeedJing Ike CIcku Jotherea Grave 2 Omit
'ties of tefring Pa ! Be Peep I Reading the Bibl P frasL Lessu
If yoe wtua your county, let us know as soon as convenient, as the territory may
be take. We would be pleased to have parties who contem late taking an agen.
OycI;o y, osentor Sample Package of this wonderful Remedy b ret egaging larglAy
h .e REEMBER, #PE OGTARANTEE EVERY BOTTLE.
O '  " o OURS! NO PAY!
With these suggestious we leave the matter with yoa. We do not wish you to
UI ,aegogi unless you will tollow the business as ta buiness, and rehlly desire to make
money. We waut nione but hbonat1 conseientious men. To such we will guarantee
wll eee Address sieommunieations to
SKEB.NWY... & 00,,
~TlI Biprpriotors, Pittsburgh, Pa.
VICE'S
CV IOTH E
FLORAL GUIE It is t
their iuti
oz* 1876, It is a:
-- lesure?
lUBLIfIIED QUARTERILY. JANUA- It is ti
P r Number just issued, and contaiins ures that
over 100 Pages, 500 Engraving, desceip- expense
tious of more than 500 of our bIst Fltw- Its edi
ers and 'Vegitaibles, with directions for cul- cial pure
tore, Colored Plate, etc. The most use- govCernl
till and clegant work of the kind in the in i.ngn
world. Only 25 cents for the year. Pub- derstand
Slished in English and Germa. ers the
Address, JAMES VICK, general
, Jtan. 1t-1ly. Rochester, N. Y. Its n*i
e ALL PAPERS QUOTE FROM IT! d froIle
correspol
adapted
Detroit Free Press.
p)erimnveni
'The liveliest of f:nnily newspapers, fall caletlate
of int resti.ng nelws, liter'atulre. hl'orons teHts.
sketches, spicy par, 1a2raph, etc. ] Imple One '
Copies free. Stlbsription $2 00 a year, more sol
post-paid. Address than cua
DETROIT FREE PRIESM. el htra
Detroit. Mich. alte add
NEW YORK TRIBUNE I a 'It"
The Leading Ametican Newspaper. Stock I
THE BEST ADVERTISING ME)IUM. nI Iel
Daily, $10.0o a year; Senli-Weekly, old and
$3.00; Weekly, $2.00 ele and
POSTAGE FREE TO THE SUBSCI- chant a
BER. stock do
IE* imenl of
Specimen copies and advertising rate" Its to
free. Weekly, in clubs of 30 or more, per CII
only $1.00, postage paid. Address and qua
THE TRIBUNE, excelled
New York. Try ii
every SG
scriptiol
E RTIIHUR'S ILLUSTRATED
'i- HOME MAGAZINE
FOR 1876. BA
In :n
Bright, cheerful, progressive, always up
to the advancilg thoulght of the times.
The Home Magazine takes rank with the
leading and most influential periodicale MADI
of the day. It is on the side of temper
ance and true christian morality. What
ever is hurtiful it ,condemns without Tho
t fear or favor, and makes itself felt in the
homes of the people as a power for good. in m
ime Great Household Magazine of L
America, is more thoroughly identitied map
with the people in their home and so
'ar cial life than any other periodical in the (
- country. eural
'y, ".)eborah Normatn; her work and her
ae, reward." A new serial story by T. 8.
ar .4rthur will be commenced in January. 1•P4
re- "FIFTY YEARS AGO; or the cabins
u' of the West," by Rosella Rice. We an- hru
of nounce this new series of articles with Ma:
of real p:easure, knowing as we do that it
will be among the most attractive that
we shall offler our readers next year.
Miss Rice, besides holding the pen of a roLa
ready writer. has in her possession a large Thai
amount of original material from which l
to draw, and a wide acquaintance with Two
the people whose personal reminiscence are
eals rich with pioneer incidents and experi- a
iaenees. l
he "Homes for the People," a series of ad
e mirably suggestive articles on homes and
the how to make them pleasant and attrac- Il
tive, by Mrs. E. B. Dnufey.
"ar- "The Story Teller." This department
leto will be unusually rich. Besides an
and abundance of short stories, two or three d A
and se!ials will be gien during the year.
next Pipsissiway" Potts the inimitable do- LIEF.
l h watO0r of ho)me lifi anrd character, will -
hlave an a'rti.'le iR every, numlber.
Butterick's newest patterns for ladi.es'
and chlildrens' dresses are given by bpe
.ciml arrangrement every ifionth.
The Mothers' Departient will be care- .
fully edited and have suggestive articles
1. from our best and most experienced wri
tess T to Insekeejors' Department will be
Sal- full sad practica, and containi maniy con
ant- tributions from experienced housekeep
it to ''The Lion in Love' ad ":'The Interrup- TM
ent, ted Reader," two large and splendid pre
cr to minin engravings One of these is sent
free to every subscriber.
a t e 50 a year is the price of ARTHUR'S
Syou ILLUSTRATED HOME MAGAZINE.
ork; In clubs; 3 copies for $6; 6 and one ex
buys tra to the getter lp of the Olhub $12. 10
l he and one extra $20. - ? 15 cents must a
gross bo added to each subscription for pre
priv- payment of postage for the year. Spe
, or cinen numbers 15 cents, in currency or
r te postage stamps.
ST. 8. ARTHUR & SON, G
Philadelphia, Pa. o
t ook sLow
lWILLIAMS' MOWER A RUEAPER
a sntly ihe
ewt
a n sell he
1ee . we e, .
--n
esa
iate o,
not al- SgNNEme, BIRGE & CO.,
sorle 13South ?ir tt, st Lo
ruber, mi aintIeperssudtai
re our 1
o some VERY FARMER HI8 OWN MILIEL
CHALLENGE FEED MILLS
-3
that of Combined
Hall- SHELLIESANDO 8ND ER
att this WmaSt i w mta t
espent Osag Corn and Cob Mills. ,
@ ,Jr,' SEMPLE, BIBRE & CO.,
'a larger .btalttta dm.
DO DEN j5 h ubIgag IL, . sId
it THE DUBOIS PATENT
to ak OOTT ON GZI
s raran tee m as a
3enes TesM;ashUS , Nh.,aatel. Ala
Pla'11 msewtgaMS this g ias late to d
abreeatUeaubb. Y.ennUa'et w Rie
WIlY YOU 6IiUL'LD TAKE
,THE CINCINNATI ENQUIRER,
It is the P'eople's Imper, devoted to
their interests and wcell:ae.
It is an impart ial friiend to all Ule and
measures that bnfetit the ciulitry.
It is the enemy of all Inel awlti mea
tires that seek only permIal l ai ait the
expenset' of the ctilltry 'ellare.
Its editoriail coOlllns ar1 t'r the eLte.
Scial purpose of exposifl.; the frands of
govtrnlllent otliialls, andtl laws ticucg
e i lnguage calculated, to) deceive tlhe .
derstiailding, and nmake plain to its relt
ers the mlotires, cauiis and e'lleet of
general and special legislative ncts.
Its news coluumns comutain the latest
news and intelligence that can he oltii.
ed fromi the four qualters of the gllme
Iv ieallns of the telegraph, liailg
correspondence.
Its agricultural columnsi. are the lihe
adapted to the ants of farmners, allel
whoml are invited to give their expet.
* ence and results of new itltaii and *i
periiiientw of all kinds of iuitlovelnet
11 caluilated to advaniice the aluming i1
i terl', ts.
le One isslo of the Elinirer contaig"
r, MiOe solid injtormnationi anil intelligeste
than canl he h1 fi.olt tfifty offthle so call
etd literary papers. None' can lay avii
the Enqucirer without admitting a valai:
altle addition to his or her stock (ifknowl
edge.
Its market reports have for yearas eet
acknowledged as the i o-t cuimplete il
reliahle published, lnid of great valut td
r. Stock Denlers, I'roducirs and Tranbe'
I. enl generally.
It has depatl l ente and readhing forthi
Y' old and the young. For the fanily cir
cle and the counting house-- Forthe mep
I_ chant and niechaniic-F-or the famer n
stock dealer, and for ladies and gotls
men of every chilling and stationiu lifk'
4 its telIl.s are low as any first c .lass p
e, per can lhe printed itr, anll' the qualitj
and qnantlty of reading matter usedti
excelled by any other paper.
Try it for this year. A Chromo lot
every $2.00 8nubscriber. Send your s*
scrilptionl direct to the office.
R. R. R.
RADWAY'S READY RELEF
CUtRE THE WORST PAINS
In from One to Twenty Mlnut s
ue NOT ONE HOUR
he afer readlnthis tdvetthemtnt need any
PSUIFBR WITIH FAIN.
ti RADWAoYS READY RRI.RPF IS A CUl 0
er- EVERY PAIN.
It wathe arsatand is
The Only Pain Remedy
a. that lastauntlystopmthemOsteeraciating peti t
of Ilaammnlon lOsad ares t:onleoinnSn. wblLhr ai
of Lung., suoeac, Mtls, or ileahdsor o geist b
led eassppeliewtº.
o IN FROM ONE TO TWRNTY MNINTU,
the matter bow iolt or exerelating telslt
RHIUMATIC, BUe-nddell. Infirm. Crippled, >
eurulgic, or prostrated eUwil dieele may a r,
her RADWAY'S READY REUP
S WILL AFFORD INSTANT EASE.
UN. PAMMATION O TIIR KIDNEYR.
sill INFLAIATION OF TIM i !uia
'ith 018 TRBOAT DIFIiCULT IRIA .n.
.t it 'PALPITATION (OF Tue
hat rmSE RUr31, Pl Rit INMUlL.
ear. BEADACHE, TOOiKRHACElg. RHUA
of a COLD CHILLS. AGUE CHILLS.
ige Theappitcatiooflthe Realy ReltbIfb01
beclt atP"iwbherwhS9S daULttly mIwtUuYId
Iad ComlfrL.
ithl Twraty~ St balhatumbler of waern
ar TB SICK HADA , DIAI
e dr- ySNTr arY COlIO WIND )IN TUE
0llaliTRlIRkAL PAIN .
i 'nd- Ks ry RelltinLu _a ameDo.i
sift! leater. llbtur elaafeIb. lmo VAN i
rae- stpaplnt.
et FEVER AND AU . .
lanll t RAD AGUg eURefor rselnM IS
tla b atL l ageitinflt waLd Hlit VIM oine
hrem Aue. sd Amiad aoll otter uiSiel.r
do- LIL. uay coterutbl"u,.
SHEALTHI BEATIIh
OF FLPsH AND WEI(GHT--UAlRI F -
care- . saYOUIUULCONoLUStI 1o 0
SDR. RADWAY'S
11n be
San": Sllalaliah leulul
rup- THE CREAT BLOOD PURIFU .'i
1 pro- BaRearnAiDETU ntarxOnIc N
aseit K SO RAPID R TB I CHA i
OF THISA TUL WONDERFUL D -
UR'S THAT 0'
u ie Fl.is l 9
Oudtl disease.h Ulers*arnte t I
-d lther olaidm md e .esml "s-7Y -
..... poocrFThl@ .-.. --- -
I. lb ets  d,l i hCO.Utlr' ., - . +
--i-i mllol is leouttu~llirb ,mN --__-UOJI -.
hSit~, il iLf o w b.S tierem " lwr
o. p mlteon, 'ad  me
.assl agUb. t@ o.
, 4bga B 1 ,P ,_ 7
sm* Patent Metl r Lu' n d c
y i s l ulemSm ftDlemO -
'DR* r. gRADWAY'.
* "w, Ump ll BwtrgeW.
e T SS Sae 1*mals assess. 10*
tits P..t MeItallnI
- ,IrS/mghIm U 1 iS :
uauz& W8h iM.a btWW