6o T
ý r Paper In the Sia
Rtsof Suhscrpi~toll.!j
0~lb~- 1 5t1 t~~
p o We n b ccr ip t i ') " t .. k * f r 8 /t h aau G
a [ SPl fi _.'
"pI
gpda tice.-'-'evil Rrniv, Es"1., of
Yereoa pariwh, 1:4 t )e rlnly anthfllrixr I
~fat for the VI . er1In mir
isb rand all cniitrac't' manle h1imn will
be filly yitif' d andi crried oillt 1'v 118.
Li' p lev':irid . fl. Calulwrdl, are
nnr pgefltý for Sililuu. _- _
pL I
PAR It V --! -" this in5!
L ,O I, (lJEA~I(:1. 'rocker hI
Weather wrm. well and
`hw's of rain. ple and
witha l
Bhrt Ale up Tuesday.
plant.r eriy busy with t leit' eropj. One of
onWlrrtiC Cenhtal Coonnittee meets hioe is
sold oxe
totlay. and see
Fine lot wng"ns att. rdtleed prices .
At M &Cionk I B.n.
at geok fgor for tl
The CVI.rsncT'R onkno'letol1'des wit the fsli
pride the honor of a Sert iitide y the tling v
atchbitlehes Mosical C'lnh. trrent '
Oar young Ladies' and Geitlenlen have learn of
ain.ag,'d several Croquet grom s, and it
gpmee innumerable are in cointeml!ation. genial 11
ntricf.-Rev. Thomas .J. Houlgh will Ilereaft
asduct Divine Service' ;at. Allen. in this
lrb, on the fonrth Sunday in this
oatlan ing DeI
Goto MC('cook & Brn. for planta- Shreve
tits 11pplies, &t. fathers
We saw one hale of cotton on Front the ,jol
strest last Wednes4dan, ,:,,d then we Sinm
did't se5e a hnyer. Why, last winter coirse
thre would have I,een at le-at ten men ocratic
en the rush for it, at ontsi4t' prices at Standa
that. pruspe
We are in receipt of a telt gra frfrom In the
Mr.Knntson, infnrini I that he will
shortly visit Natchitochel , fto the par In the
Spne of establishing a Plhoto.,rnph Gal
in the1
The gentlemen who are to a.oist in the he
enpemd Minstrel Troupe. are requested In t
to meet at the ofilce of Mr. tohl t Tscker,
s Sunnday afternoon at 4 o'eloel:. The
" 45 PLOWS. different styles and ciTh
4 ,5 m;ke at McCook & Br'.
One 0ofthe bravest of the Sioul tribe
S'Under the Water."--Dtroit Free Dr. A
- om. All right. Better keep him there. J. B.
11. T.Commercial. H. f.
I Wh is it, the Philadelphia 4ulletin M. 11
sqidtse, that when a man wishes to al. H. P.
lails aa newspaper in terms of wither- Tonm
i lgest t, he calls it a "sheet." J. E.
A barddrinking man who went into J. W
the msles.sbusineas, explained that he Levi
ewd smake enough off his own drinks to G. G
Lp:y the rent.-Fat Contributor. Sam
SACKS Texas Rust Proof Oats
S125 just received at McCook & Bro' Qi
A little Florida boy tamed an alligator, mo"
sld the ugly reptile learned to like the hury
SIIO fellow-not, however, until the lit- the
-' ti llow was all gone.- Worcester Press. Q
A London paper thinks that by residing recT
is Enrope an American girl can gradual- Con
1y "get rid of her war whoop." Anmeri- per,
: n girls don't war hoops now.-Boston pro
We saw a young man with two heads "ar
ei hbls shoulders the other day, but didn't ~,
esseider it much of a curiosity. One be- o,,
isaged to his girl-HBerkhire (Courier. ,p
A full line of all grade goods at re- "51
deed prices at Mc'ook & Bro.
"ti
Mrs. Stodger-"Howw he your wife a- ".
gittin' on, Mr Huenpeck!" Mr. H.-"I he
lmast mortal glad, Mrs. Stodger, to say Vi
dl's a-recoverin' v(ery slowly !"-London de
"Do yea see any grapes, b ?" "Yes,C
bat there is dogs." "BHig dogs, Bob '-
S"Yes, very hig." "Then coole along
these grapes are not ours, yon know."
Bostoo Transecript. A
In the Chicago elevators they keep
men to mend the rips iu grain bags, and
bstwithstanding the revival wave, toese
reants go on sewing tares among the
at.-Lowell Courier.
. wooan willface a frowning world I
g m clinlg to the man she loves thronugh
.i-Ob most bitter adversity, but she won't I
a.-:i k bat three weeks hehind the style .
6vC.sae the goverument.--Keikak Con
'B Iapa- al man may procure a divorce
i s wife on the ground that she
.too muash, and the amonnt of do
i' 1tei that there is in that coun
y smsees the wildest flights of imag
.-..Chieago Tribune.
i~s Cook & Bro. is still receiving a
Sline of all styles of goods at low
s UE to slt the times.
ebllssitg the phonograph will
. ! The bores can slip right
- h- W bph room and plead with
bitS al d the editor can gr:nd
- ' i, -if he wants to.
bb: thoroughly you clean
.itb of the next man who
dtauslad e it is not at for hogs
Si ill. slop sads around over
:ltato make s At for hogs
ingi sst a apee for sle at re
~$e a bt ke~ek & Bro e
rois-We note tnea.rriear ol a
t- ek In c. ge"e... .-...
Most ah hasn't ealled on
t.advertise his business we,
so g aying other
.csOW~~n PIS
4$
When the recording angel observes a appearance w
* minister of the gospel.holding a nail be- rect."
- tween his fingers while he misses it with $14.716,0r, i
I a hammer, the trustworthy scribe drops C. .1. .C. Pnc
into a brown study and pretends not to the State.
hear anything.-Turner's Falls Reporter.
Ma3 or's C
The election for Police Juror in Ward lcBride - ch
5 on Mo Monday th inst , resulted in favor the strt!ct-i
of F. Je.nnings Esq. It was purely a de- each paid. 1
mlrrat it race, ir. Freeman his opponent, ley were u]
being one of our most vigorous young was charged
Democrats. Mr..lennings is an out-and- edl. Joe Me
out Democrat, and will make, as he al- fighting. Ci
ways has done, a good member.
Make home happy by buying a family frid EliV.
right of patent broom and scrub broom 15th of Mayt
combined, at McCook & Bro. elry. Slh d
A New York surgeon says his practice educate her
h is increased one-third since the intro- we express
of duetion of velocipedes and roller skates. conunnuity
e -Detroit Free Press. Don't yo see T-- ort thelnseh
ill He had three patients two years ago, and crss. Alex
now he has fior.-Philadelphia Bulletin- war, anid dot
re We beg to call attention to the law big inll this
card of our esteemed fiellow-citizen .Judge triotic. and
J .1. M. B. Turker, which will he found in defenc' of t
this issue of the VINICATOR .Judge Louisianat
Tulcker has een a memnler of our har in defnce' and
high standing and for a long time ; he is ise left a wi
well and favoralbly known to all our peo- ihe the si
pl' w and we are sure he will be rewarded aull :~ssistali
with a: large share of patrounage, ail Mrs. (.:
One of the most ,c in'nient articles for Iitt' wiir il
eels home is the Patent Shade. ownlel and lhonorc tl
sold exeinsively by McCook & Bro. Caill . etill f, tlihe
ald ee it andll a true
II. 11. Hargrove Esq., agent and soliei
vitll tor for that exce'ellnt atll popular journal Tortures
tthe the Shrevelport I'imre. paid our city a necessarily
flying visit during the week, in the in- nt he, etd
teresntof his paper. We are pleased to rheumatisl
learn of the prosperity of the Times and i c'ltn Ut
tion. wish it, as well as its handsome and the munsch
genial agent, all the goods of lifet, and io yv the use
will Iostettetr'
Iereafter. intlammat
this intlautmat
this A ntew candidate for public favors will any great
shortly appear in the shape of asi even- inwhalts, e
ing Dl)eocratic daily, front or srister city, fully deve
- Shreveport. La. L. R. Siimmons, Esq., advvisahili
fathers this enterprise, and the namle of liable ant
Front the journal will be the Standulrd Mr. The rhe'u
r n we Simunns is a democrat and he will of Heys wit
Mitter course make the paper ''thoroughly Dem- by the Bi
men ocratie." The VINaDIC. roR welcomes the hi lie unse
en at Standard to the fray, and wishes it a long, of the age
prispelrots and remunerlative existence. fever am
from In the spring a livelier polish changes on plaints, a
Jwill the burIislhed boot; April 6
pjr In the fipring the young man's mnsing
ligulres iup anew spring suit.
In the spring the corner dandy buys him- 1 J
self a red cravat; Under
ested In the spring the female fancy lightly fonrteen
turns to thoughts of-hat. tie, in th
-[N. Y. Cotunnercial. Pension
proval oI
The VIsDICATOR acknowledges the re. -rs have
n eipt of subscriptions from the following. atter v
John Davis. Many, La. the soldi
tribe Mrs. R. W. Sibley, Fort .Jessop. lOot.
re Dr. A. E. Cassidy, "All 18
I there . B. Self, " Rolls ie
H. G. Vowell, " 0 restored
Inlltin M. l1. Carver, Natchitoches, La. a office
to al. H. P. Gallion. " Send
r ither- Tom Cox, " "blanks
J. E. Tauizin, " "
nt into J. 'W. Cockerhlamn, "
h u4 he Levy & Phillips, "
rintA to G. G. Sonpayrae, "
Sam Hynes. " New
f Oats imrs. GT. T.Peyton, Now Orleans, La. way hb
& Bro' QusnY: "Why will men smoke cam ve e
li aor, mon tobacco, when they can bhuy Mar- Golh
like t burg Bros. 'Seal of North. Carolina,' at sas
I the lit- thie same price f" Feb 9 '78-ly. teei
erPrress. QuITa CoPLtrMuxrARY.-We are in teudet
residing receipt of a letter from a lady in Bell the il
d ul County, Texas, who is a stranger to us fri
Aneri- persmally, but whose complimentary ex- i te
- Boston pressions overpower us. She sayvs: "I e an
"have been the happy recipient of fouear or
S"five copIes of your most excellent pIaper, Soi
w" heads hand nmust say, I anm perfectly delighted in Mi
tdidn't 'twith it. The VINDICAton is truly an or et
One be- "onutspoken and thorough Democratic pa
orrier. "per, and I admire its plain way of Th
Is at re- "speaking, and every Louisianian should heai
"feel very proud of it, as I, a native of John
"that State, doso welcome a visitor to prefe
r wife - "my pleasant little prairib home." bedi
H.-"I be All of which goes to prove that the
r, to say VINDICATOR is adnured abroad to as high g i
-London degree as it is respected at home. ofa
NO'rr TOO LATE--A small lot genuine temI
" "Y, Cheathem's cotton seed for sale by Mc- in a
Cook & Bro.
k now."- Mass Meeting.-The voters of Ward 5 det
met in a call meeting at Benlah bChurchof t
ey keep April 8th., for the purpose of ascertain- city
bags, ane ing whether they recognize or oppose the $50,
Sbag, d Pariah Judgment Debt ir not.
rave, titese 1st. On motion, and seconded, A. P.
ong the Massey was elected to the chair. A
21. On motion that the memnber elected
ning world Police Juror be instructed to oppose any
es thronugh proceeding brought before the body in d
she won't regard to the old and standing Parish fol.
d the style Judgment Debt. Unanimously adopted. his
okkuk Con- 3d On motion that the Secretary for ela
ward a eopyof this meeting's proceedings lab
to the VINDICATOR for publication. an
d a divore Whereupon the nleeting adjourned. thi
Sthat be T. E. PROTHO, A.P. MAb88SEY, COr
>nnt of do- Secretary, Chairm a.
that coun- Secretary,
ts o f imag- NoTcle.--A sociable will be given con- I a
jointly by the ladies' aid society, and the Go
childrens' aid society of the Methodist m
deeiving a htwebrch, at the High Shool-house nild- rel
i at low- ing in this city, on next Wedne ay at t
sees 7t '. i ., for the pnrpose of procuring
g~ph will money towards the ereotion of a Methodist gl
Sslip right church.hoose at this place. Jo
dplead with A general invitation is extended. Ad- a
or can gr:nd mittance free. S
want a to.- The soeieties will prepare a supper for s
which they will charge fifty cents, con- is
Son clean sisating of bread, crackers, ham. butter, a
t man who chbicken sallad, pickles, cake, coffee. &o.
it fttforhogs bll monies reoeived will be given to
r a "over , the Finance committee for the purpose
tt tfor bog of aiding in building said cahrch-house.
ThaRouoGH OrcWAL CrmcL.s.-The tax G
r sale at re. collector reports bat one tIeona colleet
rro 6 ed since last Saturday, whieh shows that t
{arrival ra e the pyment of taxe, in coapariso n
-iva - with last year, is nobing. Charley
Sal led on Smith, proprietor of that popular Saloon,
ueSwe , 6s the List on the list of payers of V
ylag mootlr bar room Lioenase.
Tim elmt of the Ditret Coart reports
no Iieenss sjinee lue report. P
tI Coorsotbos is Bat adoke-io tlh.
ool r/ a la my, sad *0rom their woe-bsSgets C
a appearance we should judge tlhet "ker- News
e- rect."
th $14.716,0R, is the amount claimed from
Ps C. .. C. Pnckette, late tax collector by
to the State.
er.
Mayor's Court sat on Dawkin's and Dear Vindid
rd McBride - charge, running horses through Planting i
or the street.-tin-digs, guilty -costs, $2 50 the land is I
le- each paid. Alfred Meyenr and Joe Ash- instances to(
t, lIcy were up for fighting, and Meeur IitVoever, ha
n rain. The I
i was charged $10; Ashley w wadischarg- cellent, and
Sed. Joe Moloney and Louis Carrara, pie wohilA
al- fighting. City richer by $20. Sulah. wiith the gi
ily R iFiY..-The widow of our dead it possible I
ily friend Elisaudro Garza will raffle, on the Looking h
o 15th of May, a full set of handsome jew- possession a
elry. She does this to procure means to traciug the
iceI educate her children, and we feel assuredi tio down
ri- we express the feelings of this entire one effect h
laborig c
te. comnunity when we say that all will ex- flarmers; opl
T- art themselves to make the rattle a suc- who earn t
and eess. Alex Garza was a good citizen; in their own I
ti war, and,1 during the dark days succeed- C Ierhiuts
law ing ill this parish. no muan was mere pa- become po,
dge triotie. and s.lf-sacritici g and brave in co1ne snare,
in defence of the virtue and intelligence of each ,arci
lge Louisiana than he. Hle lost his life it bonds) has
r in deflnce anti vindication of law and order; of tile il
le is he left a widow and ehildren who should ere pJitt
peo he he special .bjects for friendship i ,teilyllotty
rled auil :ssistanece of the entire conumnity, husiness in
tald Mrs. Garza should, and will receive failed by ti
for the warm support of every man who was cised, thin
0I14 hIonoreid with the friendship or acquaint- the door
:l nc~e of her hushuill, )or who has venera- without at
tion for the memory of a brave gentleman woes have
and a truie Southrou. other turn
roli Tortures that Need not be Endured. pressiou it
istocracy,
', eople stfHer a great deal of oain unll tion of thi
Sa necessarily. Among tortures that Ile'ul enactment
e in- noit he elldured are those inflicted by the riehiung of
,d to rhenmlatisi and gout, since the acrid el poverishill
md.nut in the Iblood which produees them turn of th
Iv ly contact with the sensitive covering of in produci
ai the Umuscles and joints may be elminated tion Law,
id no by the use of that matchless depurent, (of the cir
ilostetter's Stomach Bitters, before the of the plo
inlamimatory symptoms are developed to plane, the
a will any great extelt. When it is considered the drive,
ve- what excrucianting tortures rheumatism of the tmi
v inlicts, and what a tendency it has, when mnoney. tl
r city, fully developed, to attack the heart, the called in
Esq., advisahility of an early use of such a re- out of wh
ate of liable antidote becomes at once apparent. sold to th
Mr The rheumatic virus is expelled front the ing, weal
.ltoHl by the increased action of the kid- to a int
ilof nys which act as strainers produced 000i go
Dem- by the Bitters, and the sufferer will find, not taxal
Sthe if he uses this supreme defensive agent, owmig ti
that he will be protected against a return cent tow,
º long, of the agoniziini complaint. Dyspepsia, ment wi
Knee. fever and ague, liver and bowel com- him, to t
ges on plaints, and other maladies, are also co- laborer
red by this admirable remedy. the dewy
April 6 4t. goes hor
using h ollow c
s him- 1812 Pensions. at their
cup of IN
Under this act, any person who served only far
lightly fourteen days or participated in one bat- All of
tie, in the War of 1812, is entitled to a one son
percial. Pensio of $8 per mouth from date of ap- makers.
the re proDval of act. Widows of such soldiers Financil
:is have died after similar service, no of actiom
lowing. miatter what was the (late of marriage to and gol
the soldier, are entitled to the same Pen- by ther
sion. manipa;
Ni. other parties are entitled. and whi
All 1812 Pensioners dropped from the object t
Rolls because of alleged disloyalty are ernnmen
restored by this act. the Am
Applications MUS' be executed before moneys
an officer of a court record. people
Send to us for any information or time ar
blanks needed. GILMORE & CO. paymel
629 F Street, N. W., times h
April 6-tf. Washington, D. C. isrei
in the
Latest Nerws. control
engine
New York, April 13.--Thle Broad
. way hbank is paying gold in snms of ointerc
ke com five huidred dollars and under. lected
SMar- Gold closed at 100); the extreme who v
mma ' at sales to-day were at 100*@100*. for tb
This is the smallest difference be- pc
8. tween gold and United States legal andtt
are in tender notes that has existed since price
y in Bell the issue of these notes at the begin- rings,
Sto un ing of the war and it is moreover a thatt
t difference that would not be regarded oldem
ntaryex- in the money market if there should rac
-: b e any prestore for loans. dstr
mttlaperi Some of the large cotton counties tht
delighted in Mississippi are trying to prevent come
or restrict the exportation ,t cotton it ml
i p seed from their borders, but a
I way of The president has ordered a re- silve
an s hould hearing in the case of Mt. Gei. Fits tro
native of John Porter, cashiered by charges willi
piiitor to Ireferred by General Pope for diso- wil
,, bedience or orders. thei
ie that the Some of the Georgia farmers, tak- atn
to as high ing into view the strong probability labo
se. of a European war, and wishingto one;
t genine provide for all contingencies, con- enot
template crossing their cotton lands the
ale by Mc- in corn. hi
A tire at Amnierices, Ga., on the 12th, max
of Ward 5 destroyed eight stores, including some tion
ah Church of the largest establishments. Tihe on
aaeertain- city hall building was buhorned. Loss ti
oppose the $50,000. Iusurance aboot $20,000. his
European War Note. bul
ded, A.P. --- gro
itr AN ENDEAVOR TO BECURE AN UNDER- pre
iber elected STAeDING.
opoe any i The New York Herald correspon- tiol
hebdy i dent at St. Petersburg teleglaphs as -a
din diPr aish follows: The Russian Government 00
ly adopted. has employed the time which has c
eretary for elapsed since the receipt of Lord Sal
proceedings iabury's eircular in working to secure
ation. soan understanding with England. For wi
ojrned . this purpose it has entered into direct for
AoSEY, communication with the English and gra
a Ausetrian Governments, so as to ob- o
hairtana. ti a common basis of agreement. It oc
e given con- lhas already obtair ed the assent of the o
eyt,,nd the German and Austrian Cabinetstr tohe
e eettodist main points of Prince Gortachakoflf's a
house rnild- reply to Lord halisbory's circular. ti(
oe nda It has already heen established be pe
edn y at tween the three Governlments that the
pf procuring way shall be made easy for the En- c
f MaMethodist glisll Government so that it may feel
justified in accepting the Congress
tended. Ad- and receding gradually from the more
extreme demands pot forth in Lord
ppe por for altsbory's circular. In this way it
c ents, r is hopjed that the dangber of a nseless ye
cents, con- and bloody war may be averted, and N
ha butter, oan amicable solution be fonod for ex- or
,eoffee.o&e. istingdiflbiealties. Those portions of a
be given to TUE RUSSIAN REPLY
the purpose Which were a commentary on the
hhrehobaes Enuglish circular were entirely, by
s.--The tax General Igoatia, who, having recent
nss eeolleet- ly sen Count AndraiM and ece
,h shows thdnad his views, was enabled to
h shows that make at so as not to clash with Aus
compaso tria interest.
S* Ch Crley GlNlRAL IGNATI3FF
oot p~ r ,of Will be ite second Russian Penipo
tentiary to the Berlin Congres,
oeoolr d i meet. The probability now
Cort repors is that it will. as every thing is pre
t. pared for such an nderstandinsg as
haoke-- i the -ill enable England to enter it with
ir wo-mbr oe* out any mcriles of digity.
S News from Our Friends.
--I'rihe Repi
a VERNON. first move t
cnmpaign.
PARISH OF VERNON, aIte and HoC
April 7, 1878. |oat caucus
d Dear Vindicator : ad deide
Ii Planting is progressing rapidly though an
the lalnd is now very dry and in many to be stoppe
instances too hard to plough. We now, eess-Peace
ir however, have a flaltering prospect for ,1' \'as
rain. The health ofour countrv is ex
Scellent, and but for the hard tilmes p'e- It is verv
a ple woai:l bo chotrfil anu happy ; hut have deteril
with the gloom that is hanging over the with the Ac
Finaucial horisol of our country, how is until after
ul it possible for us to be bright, and happY. Conger an'
le Looking back to the time when the nied as in
R United States Government was taken talked as
possessiotiIf by the tIoney poDer, till tlhough u
to tracing the colurse of Ntltional Iegtsla- thIoItgh i C
eL t.ion lowln to the present, we see that tnest had cc
ie one etflct has continally aollowed.. The Th'e nain
laboring classes ; mechanics, miners, sional Col
fariners; opperatives of every desoription furnishl d I
LC- who earn their bread by the labor of ciliate Hay
in their owLn hanldts, togethr with the pr contmpt
lfissions, and all the middle class of h ptelsed,
nlerhliLits hale' constantly and steadily rxprestse(|
"* become poor and piol'rer, nlone'y lhas Ie- was lnercilh
in com e scarcer :ol4d more diiticult to ohtain \w'ho itmgi
of each year. The v:due of everything in at the heat
the cha:rateter of property (except U. S wNct-'tI, wii
hn bonds) has sltadily slhrunk ; the wages Camneron,
er; of the laborer have been reduced to ita *d frienll
ltd mere pittance, andt thosIndilllll tf honest, llitllis. 11
illnld striolus m n have horn throw l out it,
hi l'elf oymuetl and driven to tranpinig, party niti
ty, husin'ss iment'o lio t irsat ciaparitt have ditssension
ire failed by the thotsanlds. Faetories are sible, and
eas closed, and in our towns and cities, about ny at least
every third place of business has over it that wil
ut- the door the ominous words "to let" believing
Ira- without any one to let it to; and all these once more
aan woes have increased in an accellerated t
proportion, as each year has given an- rCt
other turn to the "thumb screw" of op- lion. Jol
.e. pressiou in the hands of the moneyed ar tic
istocracy, and applied bty the mnanipul- ratiy theypo
u tLion of the law making power, to the City theyr
ewd enactment of laws favorable to the en for Thti
the riehiug of the moneyed few, aid the itn- can idate
i poverishing of the laboring class. No sign of wih
remturn of that screw has had so much to do thave co
g ill producing this result as the Resnmp- to have
ited tion Law, and its hand maid contraction look-ont t
ent, (of the circulating me linm.) The money on the N
the of the plowhorder, the pusher of the jack State or
d to plane, the wielder of the sledge hammer, [
red the driver of the shuttle, of the printer, The Gre
tism of the miner, it short, the poor man's take sha
when money. the greenback dollars, has been the St. Lo
the called in aid burned or reduced to pulp ington R
a re- out of which bonds have been made and rant, the
rent. sold to the gold monger for us the labor- ville Com
the iug, wealth-producing men of the nation are publ
to pay interest on at the rate of $100,000,- for the
need 000 in gold annually, while the bonds are Zach Cha
not taxable and the bondholder although proabili
gent, owning millions does not contribute one prabt sti
turn cent towards the support of the govern
psia, ment which is protecting and enriching
cOm- him, to the injnry of the horny-handed
Co- laborer who toils frontm early dawn until Tite Re
tile dewy evening, and perhaps at night crepit an
goes homle to a wife and little ones whose has Yr Ut
hollow cheeks and sunken eyes, tell him Yeanrs I
too plainly of the want that is gnawing fent
,* at their vitals; of the piece of bread and desertit
cup of water which has constituted their pnd ic a
erved only fare during the day. en of
e bat- Al of these troubles have grown out of li p
to a one sourco, the corruption of our law delightf
of ap- makers. This gloom that hang over our
Idiers Financial horison is the result of unity The R
e, no of action on the part of the bondholders hool w
ige to and gold mongers and las been foreseen scho at
a Pen- by them as the result of their efforts in bled at
manipulating legislation in their favor toethet
and when they have fully achieved their House,
m the object they will entirely control the gov- n the a
y are ernmnent, and in a short time will own d pabli
the American people as completely as the Hwesd" b
before moneyed arsitocracy ofEngland owns the lows
people of that country. As soon as the hugs.
ion or time arrives for the resumption of specie
'0. payment, then, indeed, we will see hard
W times because then nothing but gold, or
, D C. its representative will be a legal tender Fr(
for the payment of debt, and that will be
in the hands of a few men, and they can Whi
control the circtlation as easily as an papers
engineer does the movements of a steam- Cort
Broad boat, because baving all the gold and ing of
e of nds sfoiient to absorb (by means of oi the
interest) all that will be mined or col- with
lected by the government. Every man reeti
treme who wants gold to pay debts with, or Supre
100. for the purpose of trade, will have to ge
ee be- purchase it from them, at their own price, lce
a legal and that with property or produce, at a -it wi
I ebtee price also fixed by themselves through mtnde
legin- rings, corners on the market, &c., so the d
eer a that they (thse guld mongers and bond poe
gvrded holders) controlling both the supply and sonal
sod emand of the circulating medium, will their
ou practically control every branch ofin- antee
dustry, and fix the price of labor as well inlae
as that of its product'. Some may think tivs
ounties that the remonetization of silver will hca
prevent come up as a barrier to these things; so The
cotton it might if the coicage was unlimited, demo
but even here the money pwer, putting tnt'
foot on the legislation, and placed the upon
da re- silver business practically under the eon- are 5
en. Fits trol of Secretary Sherman who is a most meth
c arges willing tool f the moneyed aristocracy,other
or duo- which has effectually nullified the Silver Cone
Bill. As to the representative of gold, in ea
the National banker will farnish tat, ince
and National bank ourrency will con- invol
Stk- stitute the circulating medium of the ly as
abability laboring class. Well how is that ? says dee
istiug to one; if specie payment is resumed? Eay ben
en, COt) enough; Mr. Btaker is well informed of offen
;o lands the fact that specie resumption on a gold ends
basis is a moral imposseibility, for the ence
United States does not and ceaMot com- Cen
t te 12th, mand gold enough to redeem her obliga- It
hug some tions, pay the annual interest (on her tire
ig Tie bonds) o $100,000,0 and at the same Con
d. Loss time supplythe cirontiingkaeditl for eler
48,000,000 of people, and he tnows that pan
,00. his currency (which forms to-day the ad
bulk of the circulating medium) will, as in
soon as specie resumption removes the deci
greenbak from his path, be the best re- coni
N UNDER- 'rentative of gold, and will be more in der.
detand then that now; hence his anxiety I
to hasten and ensure the time of resump- to
orrespon- tion. Silver will not enter into competition
•paas at all, its coinage is limited to about $44,- the
vrnent 000,00 annually, about one dollar per wh
hie i has cpita if it was allowed to go into circe
riord Sa- lion, but Secretary Sherman will take
ord al- care of that by not paying out. to
to see ure Brother laborersI there is a remedy
and. For within our reach if we will only put
into direct forth our hands and tsakehold of it Formn Sn
gglish and greenback clubs, unite ourselves as a e
as to ob- together as a band of brothers under the
mment. It solemn pledge to vote only for men for h
entofthe oflee who are in favor of paying the g
sets to te bonds, interest and principal in green
sto'e back, lawful, legal tender money, receiv
etchakotPs able for all debts both private andNa- Ss
rerlar, tional, including import dues, fully at sb
bished be par with gold.
its tat the Take frtom the National banker his at
at the En- cuarrency. Enforce the unlimitted coin- m
tsy feel ageof silver. To do all of these things.
Congress Congress is fully empowered by the Con
in he emore stitution, as has been repeatedly decided
.h in Lord by the Stupreme Conrt of the United
tates. Brother laborers! we the bone
this way it and sinew of the laud; we the taxpay- C
fa useless yers; we the wealth producers of the B
verted, and Nation,,possesues the power to enforce
nnd for ex- our will at the ballot-box, because we
portions of are the people. Then, in God's name, i
for the sake of our birthright, for the
sake of wives and children, let ns unite.
sry on the Yours truly, VERNON.
tntirely. by EIO.
ring recent- ou- rin. e
and asedr- Some of our cootry friendo not
enabled to residents of this parish, however, are I
with Aus- fearful we'll "injure our influence" in a
North Louisiana by such persistant
3 criticism of the administration and ,
ioConpre, its Supreme Court. Why, bless your
abiliiy oow timid souls, that's just what they
inag is pre- told aus in '4, when we led the light
ratadingas agapinast such odds as we hope never
tter it with- to see again.
Politlcal Points. ern metl ill
'rThe Republicans have made the Nicholls no
frst move towards opening the Fall Ihave no teas
campaign. The members of the Sen- In the nmer
ate and House, of that party held a tmeat beg to
joint caucus on Wednesday 10th inst., they do not
and decided: That war on Hayes is with it or its
to be stopped in the interest of sue
cess-Peace in the party at any price. Fli
STihe 1ashinglion Post says :
It is very evident that the leaders We can 6i
have determineted to patch up, a truce tion of our
with the Admninistration that will last any doubt •
until after tihe elections. Ednnds, Louisiana.
Conger and others wiho are recog- amined the
iized as eitnIoig the party managers forming of i
i talked as mildly about Haves as to this matt
t- though a Christian spirit of forgive- our readers
it nes llad completely overcome them. tigation. I
le The inanner in which the Congres settlements
, sional Conmmittee was chosen, also and of the
furnished proof of a purpose to con. that tihe col
f ciliate Hayes. Don Cameron, uhose first qnarte
f conteimpt for the Administration is parishes of
ý expressed evely timehe speaks of it ready to
Swas mercilesslY slauightered and Howe, TIhere renlni
in \o imagined he had placed himself be heard I
in at tlie head of his iparts ,. his recent mlllade in tll
S leech, wias pushed aside for Angus ly swell tih
; Calmerlon, who has all nalong nmaintain.l- (1() for the
a ed friendly celations uillt the White When we c
lolse. It. is as plain as day that the revenue an
ig party imanlgers intendl to keep down laws were i
SdissensionIs within thne rannks if plos- of March, ti
re sible, and if they cannot h;ave harmo- the Leglala
ut nv at least maintainta l a lppearlance of em delayed
er it that will deceive the masses into of a reducti
t' helieving the "grand old party" is and that o.
e ) once more united. in tIe abo
parishes di
in- [Clevelaud Sunday Post.] alone, we i
lion. John Eaton, of Kansas, a Demo- lections fit
la- cratic politician, says that in Washington passed thi
the City they are moving heaven and earth
for Tlhrmuan as the next Democratic
- candidate for tie Presidency. 'that's no Professor
No sign of his chances being good. The lege, Hartti
o man who can manage to get the people ot the Chur
p- to have confidence in him has a better York.
ion look-out than the one whose hopes rest
on the mere manipulation of matters at
ack State or National Capitals.
nor, [Atlanta Constitution.]
ter, The Grant campaign is beginning to O i t
in' take shape. The Chicago Inter-Ocean,
eni the St. Louis Globe-Democrat, the Wash- Of
ington Republican, the Hartford Con
and rant, the Boston Journal and the Louis- On Tues
ou- ville Commercial are relied on to pre- D., 1878, tl
on pare public sentiment within the party Natchitooi
Ore for the coming of Ulysses next yeat. at the hou
h Zach Chandler is warmip. up, and the Present
probabilities are increasing that the
rn- Grant standard will be unfurled.
bing Terre Haut Express.
ntil The Republican party is growing de
light crepit and wonderfnlly conservative. It The mit
hose has no new measures to propose on Off read, and
him Years. All its energy is required to de- The Tai
wing fend its record. Its live members are port for tl
and deserting to the party that assures the was exam
their public that we have not yet reached the nance Cot
end of all hubnman progress. The Repub
nt of lican party, if it lives, will soon begin to To am't'7
law delight in Off Years in politics. City pa
our Springfield Republican.
ity The Republican politicians of the old By am't
en school who don't like Hayes have assem- e over
es in bled at Washington to rub sore heads 10percer
'avor together. cast cold glances at the White
their House, tumble over Conferate Brigadiers
gov- on the avenue, and wonder why the Re- Balane
oV ptblican party at home likes to be "ru
s the ined" by Mr. Itayes rather than by the
s the Howes, Chandlers, Blaines and Conk- To am't
r the lings.
secie -- - - - - m'
hard By What Authority. By an't
A, or By 10
ender From the Donaldsonville Chief.
ll cn While a majority of the State news
s an ppe have accepted the Supreme The ft
tea Court's decision as the conscientions rul by the 1
Id and ing of honorable and able Judges, a few e pa
ns of of the ultra Bourbon journale receive it Le
Seeol- with uncouth revilings, and indulge in DI
r an reflections upon the occupants o the We
th , or Supreme Bench which are simplt dis- ,
iaveto graceful. This abuse of the editorial
a rice, liense must react upon the perpetrator
e, a- it will certainly fail to prejudice fair On m
hrogh minded and thoughtful citizens against ordaiue
o ., so the distinguished gentlemen who com- o Nate
bond p0o our Supreme Court, and whose per- be and
ly and sonal charactrs alone, without regard to monthi
Swill their sworn obligation, are ample gar- City.
Sof in- antee that no finding of theirs cound be On
aell influenced by aught but the purest me Bo-tij
tives and the highest conception of of- and all
teidal dqCy. rency
iThere s no evading the fact that An- he
mit, deruon and his colleagnes of the late Re- andre
ptting turnin Board have escaped punishment The
~ed the upon legal technialitits alone; but they rehsi
theon- are as clearly entitled to this common isbn
a most method of escape as persons charged with
tocracy, other erimes would be. The Supreme til e
e Silver Court can ndt consider questions of fact
of gold, in eases brought before it ; its sole pre Att
sht hat, ince is to expound the prnciples of law J
11 on- involved, and this was theeournae proper- A ti
yof the y and unavoidably pursued in the An
it? says deron case. If the prisoner's guilt had Api
1b Easy been much more clearly proven and his
)rmed of offence the blackest in the criminal cal
gold endar, these facts could exercise no influ
for the ence upon the finding of the Supreme
sot om- Court in the premises.
Sobliga- It is plain to onr mind that the mo
S on her tive of these asut upon the Supreme
;he same Court is political. The Bourbonistic
diom for element of the Democratic party is pre
Dws that paring for an onslaught upon the Nicho'ls
ay the dmnistration, with a view tosuccess
) wil, as in the fall election, and this Anderson
oe the decision is counted upona to furnish a
bat re considerable amount of eampaign thun
Smore in der.
isasniety It is plain the Chief is attempting
mrpstmpt to assume the functimons of critic of
bent*- the Democratic Press in Louisiana,
lar per when neither its character nor pre
willei l vious history in the State entitle it
to such distinguished honor. That it
Sremedy should defend Anderson through the
ly f Supreme Court, we are not surprised,
Ies as a because it was of those who were
r me born in the sty with Radicalism and
payingthe flourished upon its "pap," and da
in greeneiv- ring the days when Anderson had no
Sand Na- Supreme Court "technicalities" to
a, fully at shield his great crime, the Chief with 0
ankker his all its power, which was but little,
ited coin- manfully battled for the Returning
the so Board, because it lived by it.
3y decided As for ourselves, we propose to
the United crlticise thie action of the Supreme
hte x pay- Court and repel the right of Mr. -
-,ro of fthe Bently or any of his class, to assail
to eforce us therefor-for we consider it an
d'snamee, impudent presumption on his part. ca
ht, for the Mr. Nicholls, the Supreme Court,
et ns uite. and the entire administration owe
VEENON. what they are to the "Bourbonistic
element." Louisiana was a Radical
iriends not province, subject to be preyed upon
wever, a re by the class of which thile Chief is a
anuenece" in remains, until the "Bouarbenistie
peresirtant element" wysted it from them. That
tration and element proposes noM "onslaught upon
, bless your the Nibcholls adiministration," but they
what they propose--and as they number 90 per
ed the Ight cent of the Democratic party, their
hope pever proposition muast be aeepted-tol
inauuurate a Democratic State gov
etnl imelit inl l4eliajal.;l, to e iII Mirt. N E '
Nicholls nor his adnllinistratlio cam.
have no reasonable objections. IA
In tile mean time the Bourbon ele- price $9
went beg to infornm tihe Chief that
they do not pIropose to bid for favors REVOI
with it or its class.
Financial Condition.
[N. . DIemrurat.
We can find nothiing in tile etndi
tion of our State tinances to justify
any doubt of the entire solvency of
Louisiana. We have carefully ex
amined the data avillable fom the For
forming of a correct opinion in regard
to this matter, and we Ihee present to
our readers the results of our itves
tigation. From an inspection of the of C
settlements mtlade by tax collectors where.
and of the Auditor's report, we find tors H
that thie collection of taxes during tile
e first quarter of 1878, is thirty eight -
a parishes of the 'tate, .amntits al- G
ready to tile senmm of $653,905 53.
T, there remanin yet twe.ty plllishes to
Sbe heard I'o)t, asdl the col'etion.
t made in Ithese iparishes will mundonhlt
ly swell the aggregmate to quite $X00,
.000 for tihe first quartet of the year.
e When we consider the fact that the
Srevenulle and asessesing n:'el collectin;
ht laws were p.tssed .late in thle emonmth
. of Marcih, during tihe extra session ,of
- tile Legislature ; that mluly taxlpay
It eta delayed paymenlts in anticilpation
mm of a reduction ill tile rate of taxation,
is and that over $520,000 were collected
in tile above mentionned thirty-eight NuQ
parishes during the month of March
alone, we must conclude that the col
- letios for this year have far enrr
n passed those of any previous year.
ic styles
lo Professor Huntington, of Trinity Col- tiWa,
e lege, Hartford, is called to the rectorship GAN
e ot the Church of the Incarnation, New
er York.
t to cl(
PROCEEDINGS and a
class
-OF THE- price
to Oity Oou0.oi] Of I'
h- OF NATCHITOCHES. Illne
n- - WAI
is- On Tuesday, the 16th day of April, A. Deal
re- D., 1878, the Mayor and City Council of Gent
rty Natchitoches, met at the Mayor's Office pren
at. at the hour of 71 o'clock p. m
the Present-C. F. Dranguet, Mayor.
the M. H. Carver,
H. M. Levy,
C. J. Smith, Wor
G. W. Duncan, Pot
de- L. Caspari. t
It The minutes of the last meeting were hEa
Off read, and on motion duly approved. Thas
de- The Tax Collector submitted his Re
are port for the month of March, 1188,which Be
the was examined an. approved by the Fi- veal
the nance Committee, as follows: the
tub- Dr. quit
n To am't Taxes and Licensees collected in
City paper Cr 208,84. P
Cr.
old By am't of warrants turn
em- ed over $188,33 Re
p 10 per cent Com. on $208,84t 20,88 it i
hmte - Ret
ters 209,21 cry
Re- Balance due Collector, 361
"ru- Dr. (U. 8. C.) siz
onk- To am't Taxes and Licenses collected in
U. S. Currency $51,641
Cr. G.
By am't U. 8. Currency
turned over $46,484
SBy 10 per cent Con $51,64) 5,16
sews- 51,641
reme The following accounts were examined
rl by the Finance Committee and ordered a
Sfew to be paid.
ive it Levy & Phillips $15 00
Ie in D H Bonllt Jr. Sheriff 14 '0
the Walter Rogers 2 00
dis- J McCook & Bro. 14 50
Store Total $45 50
e fair On motion and duly seconded. Be it
gainst ordained by the Mayor and City Council (
om- of Natehitoehes, That the City Treasurer
e per- be and he is hereby recuired to maike a
ard t monthly report of the indebtedness of the
rnar City.
ibOn motion and duly seconded. Betty
st m- Boatridge was placeed on the puper list,
of of- and allowed the sum ofgS.50 in U. S. car
rece commencing from March slet, 1878.
Iat An- The Petition of L Kahn, was received
t Be and read, and on motion tabled.
hment The City Treasurer was ordered to re.
t they relster the City Warrants of Measrs.
ommion Kahn and Keyser.
ad with On motion, The Conncil adjourned nn
upreme til next reglalr meeting.
of fact (Signed) C. F. DRANGUET,
e prov Attest: Mayeor.
of law JNO. LAPLACE, 8ecretary.
proper- A true copy:
he An- Jpo. LSPLACy,
nilt had April 17th 1878. Secretary.
- For tb
SDAIL
WEE
a Free
0*
nSo Fel
snset
he b W ho e
la, au4 A
o. J. S MITH
ith Oe aee e.
aie IQ RS. CAye
jog Heerful Company
S St. Den St. NATCHITOHE, LA.
nil FROM HER ASHES.
SThe PhnOme d See put on new life and no
H caters for public favor.
I t. Warren TCuddathEs L 8
istic
meal ----
spon has taken charge and DAN now dispenses &
sistie BRANDIES,
That WHISKIEU,
LIQUORS, t
th. ey
tpr RICH ST. LOUIS BEBER ON DRAFT.
their Do, thirsty, the PaUxxx
gov- Feb. $t.1y
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
A N01 PRetail price $900 only
PIANO $260. Parlor Organs,
price $975 only $105." Paper free. D. F.
BEATTY, Washington, N. J.
RBVUMYER UDB p Seven~ehot Revol
RItSIV d BI F lB ver with box car
triges. Address, J. Brown & Son, 136
& 138 Wood St., Pittsburg, Pa.
$50 That Sanford's Radical
Cure for Catarrh will not
instantly relieve and speed
ily cure. References,
f Henry Wells, Esq., Wells
Fargo & Co., Aurora, N.
For a Case Y.; Wi. Bowen, Esq.,
McHatton, Grant k Bow
en, St. Louis Testimoni
als and treatise by mail.
of Catarrh Price, with improved in
haler, $1. Sold every
where. WEEKS & POTTER, Proprie
tors Boston, Mass.-Vol. iv-no24-4t.
A Goulds Manufacturing Co.
SMaufactures of all
kinds of
Force and Lift
-PUMPS8
S Witrnsiell. Rai.
". FIRB EN INES,
iHydrulie Rame,
Ii' A1•A ALGAM BELLI
Sor Churches, Shools
and Plantations.
CornmShellers, Sinks etc
Pumps and .Materials for
i Driven Wells a specialty.
Sa~Wfaction guaranteed.
,-, . CW-alouS furnisheda
I W.I UAROUS3. u $.aaii PL.,ca. NEW Yor CITIT.
l-,
SIORGANS; ,[Highest honors at all
1 World's Exhibitions.
LatestCatalogues and Circulars with new
styles, reduced prices and much informa
ol- tion, sent free. MASON & HAMLIN OR
ip GAN CO. Boston, New York or Chicago.
sW
rlari 11i ~ W At FactorSy Prices
PIAIlOS & ORGAWS great Reduced
to close out our present stock of 500 New
and Second-hand Instruments of live first
class makers, fully warranted and at
prices that defy compettition for this class
I of Instruments. Agents wanted for Wa
ters' superior bell organs and pianos.-
Illustrated Catalogues Mailed. HORACE
WATERS & .SON. Manufacturers and
A. Dealers, 40 East 14th St New York. Also
Sof Geneal Agents for Sroningers Celebrated
ice premium Organs.
i r111 Iil]IEIDITH ERE ARE
SI~Ip1TDDllW 1111 a eFraudulent &
Worthless imitations of Benson's Capcino
Porous Plaster in the market. Some of
them contain dangerousne mineral poisons.
rere Each genuine Benson's Capeine Plaster
has the word Capcine cut through it
Take no other.
ich Benson's Capcine Porous Plaster was in.
F.- vented to overcome the slow action of
the ordinary porous plaster,'and to afford
quick relief from pain. Price. 25c.
PILES B CRED!
Have you tried the Great Southern
Remedy, for the distressing complaint?
it is the Best, Surest, and most Succssful
Remedy ever discovered. Cures when ev
erything else fails. TRY IT, and be con
961 vinced of its eflcacy. Price 50c. Trial
size, 2So. Address, EDWARD GRAVES,
ed in Baltimore, Md.
GREENBACKS
FOR BONDHOLDERS!
GREENBACKS
stined FOR GOLD GAMBLERS!
rdered GREENBACKS
FOR NATIONAL BANKERS I
o GREENBACKS
- FOR THE PEOPLE!
oBec GREENBACKS
nsurer FOR ALL PURPOSES!
For which money is usneed interchangea
bletty at par with old and Silver, in a suf
er list, fiient quantity as to promote industry,
5. cr- invite immigration, and develop the re
, 1878. sources of the country, is what the
coid CINCINNATI ENQUIRER
sr. Claims is the only remedy for the ills
e un- brougnt upon the country by Legslaion
and Laws, enacted for the benefit of a
Monied Class, and the oppression of La
' bor and Iodasf .
yer. rnment readt seastains our Bonds
for the benefit of the wealthy, let the
same Credit
a/r/ SUTAIN GREENBACKS
For the benefit of the People who sustain
the Government.
DAILY ENQUIRER, per year : $12 00
WEEKLY ENQUIRER " : 1 15
Free of postage.
Agents wanted,
Send for specimen copies.
FARANA leMLEAN, Publishers,
Feb 3-Smo Cincinnaoti, Ohio.
FOR SALE.
can be bought obeap. The
owner is a resident of Vernon Z
parish, and the Horse is too fine for that
section, hence his reason for selling.
Horse--sixteen hands high; eight
years old, dark bay, solid color.
pply to C. BRAY, Escq.,
Iackland Cottage P. O., Vernon Ph. La.,
Or to Vmndieator Office.
T H Jan. 19-6t or tf.
S JAMES G. U018E,
Pertrait Palater, NateMltoelbe La.
;8. CABINET SIZE AND PRICES EXCLU
SSYIVE OF FRAMES, OVAL OR
sqUARE.
'cris, LA. 810 $15,00. 10S1 $16,00. 12x14 17,50
1416 $20,00. 1B618 $25,00.
HE H. IsZO G$80,00. 18z24 35,00.
ife and nov 1FE SIZE, HEAD ANP BUST, OVAL
OR SQUARE.
Oxa4 $40o,oo00. 22 45,oo00. f5x30 $50,00
a th KITKAT, SQUARE.
209xz36 & 30x36 $$0,00, each.
Fortraits of deceased persons painted
ow dispenses from photographs.
-LOST
QOMEWBREB on Fronit street in this
Stown, or between town and the resi
deuce of Daniel 8parks, 18 miles south of
16 b Natehitoehs, an old Lesther' Pocket
o. Book, ontaining a considerable sum of
ON DRAFT. moseny.
th Pm The der will be liberally rewarded
by leaving it at this odoe, or returning
it to Mr. Daniel Sparkl. April 6-1m.