JAN. H. COSUROVE, . .. Editor.
NATCtIITOCHES
SATUR)AY - - - July !. 1r76.
Advertising Hates.
·- L------ -- -
I squarn.... $ 4 ,Ii' 5t(0 015 '(0200
Ssluarrs... 7 010 (0 IS1 001 "" ) 04)0 25 04)
3 .squate ... 1000 I IS )4 I4 O 25 .l 31: (40
4 squares... 140 o I(0) 22 011 30 00 i on
5 squares... 1700 29 0 27 0035 00 40 00
Ssqnar... 24 00 32 0 4) 00 45 o0
7 squ'res... 230x 7 0 36 O so 00, 70
Ssqoaroes... 21)00 1 00) 40 00 45 0, 80 00
1i sqnares... 3) 00.0 3 001 5W 00 57 00 105 00
13 squares... 4300 i 7001 7 (00 00 12.5 04
0 squaras... $1 0 4) 00 00 0 123 00 150 00
Transient advertisements $1.50 per qun:lrr uof
IV lines Brevier, first ins',rtion. Each subse
quent insertien 75 cents per square.
All changes in advertisements to be
charged as if new.
Transient ad vertisements must be paid
to: in advance.
All bills with regular advertisers ren
dered quarterly.
One inch of solid brevier constitutes a
square.
Marria.g and obituary notices beyond
the simple announcement, re4olutions or
cards of th:anks, eharged as advertise
-nents.
Rates of Subscription.
One Copy one year....................... 6
One Copy als naonths.................. O
(Payable in advrance.)
WNIs PAPER Is ON 113 WITSE
Wi,. AhrAdv murC.s be made
W. W. SHARP & CO.,
PUBLISHERS' AGENTS,
No. 25 Park Row, Newo York,
Are authorized to contract for ad
vertising in our paper.
Denmocratic Ticket.
FOR PRESIDENT,
BAMUUL t, WTLDE3,
OF NEW YORK.
FOR VICL-PRESIDENT,
Whos A. Z35N'31g 5,
OF INDIANA.
Kellogg's Government is the "old I
man of the mountain," seated up
on the shoulders of Louisiana day
and night. An incubus-a terror
-.-an intolerable burden. Louisi
ana, gagged and blinded, totters
along with this horrible old man
astride her neck goading her to
movements.
This has been our condition for
four years, and we are asked to
change one old man for another,
and that other in the person of
Packard. A man whose very
name calls up in the heart of eve
ry true and honorable son of
Louisiana, the deepest feelings of
indignation-a brutal, cowardly
United States Marshal, who has,
at the beck and call of his master
at Washington, rode rough-shod
over the liberties and persons ot
the whites of Louisiana. A man
who has sustained the thieves un
der Warmouth and Kellogg in
every vile act they have commit
ted; who is: the prince of Carpet
baggers, and represents Grpnt
with all his attendant horrors to
us.
This is the Reform (!) Governor
the Republicans have boasted
they w4uld give us, this is the de
lieidiasorsel they roll under their
tongues What have the Inde
peideut hproes .of New Orleans to
say? :Where now will: the mer
Chantk millions laud t George
WiIUliat Is a dead duck, and
Pacard Is the "eajtin of Reform!"
Th Ileadical Convention has
nominated Antoine and Brown on
thie.Late ti.kets tle, one for Lien
tG.  '!4 e lound-the other
pair of reformers srelly.
tWe desire to say to our friends
that ;th Sua cription and Adver
t6iig duee t i Vidiitor has noth
lig whatever to do with the
aoa ubioribed 'and paid to
. .Ad t. -ry. on the paper. The
Advertising, 8ubscription and Job
Wo.i. , 4re to be-, paid to the
r.fiir aasm.es to pay all ex
"p etit $-the l ..Im .y list, which
is paiil f'oi th. Comininiee fund.
'Ot ~:o~osrbaq tsied to explain
tl lsand. wei. now do se, that no
a cain the
as
71- p j .esc of th iev in g o f
" .o,
.....-.
*, ,, .
FOR GOVERNOR.
The time for the selection of can- wii
didates to fill all our offices is rapid
ly approaching, and it behooves us to imp
look carefully around and select such oui
men for the ticket as possess all the er
requirements necessary. We admit col
that in the past our party has not
looked well to its choice of men, they an
have all been honest men, which in ane
itself is a great recommendation, but "i"
other qualities are requisite to win, w
rat
added to that of honesty,
Character and capability are virtues nj
that are indispei ile, and if availa. nm
billy, as to local fitness, habita- er
tion, and the magnetic power to en
I th
thuse the mnassess be added, we have hi
the requirements combined that are
sure to crown our efforts with victory; ri
without the last, you may have a can- ha
didate pure as the icicle that hung
r Itm Diatl5 temple, and as cold. We th
have the men among us of full fitness fa
for all positions. In great revolutions fit
S in which bodies of society are enga- i
ged, from the womb of the publicer
spring lenders ready armed at the re
call of the hour. Let ns then choose
only such as meet the requirements. la
That man who talks of his person- a
al likes, that attemps to thrust him
self upon us at the suggestionl of his p
friends, is dangerous. We hare a to
battle before us in which success f
means salvation, defeat the opposite, t
and we are not prepared to listen to e1
the claims% of individual preferment ti
in such an hour as this. si
In the selection of a candidate for a
Governot by the Democratic-Conser- )
vative party, we feel assured they ti
will not fail to supply what is requir- n
ed of them by the people. tl
We hear many names mentioned in a
that connection; names full sound
ing, good and true, but among them ,
all we think but few possess all the I1
requirements, which combined, make a8
up the MAN for the occasion. It is not
capability, it is not honesty or char- 1b
acter alone that qualify men for these v
d trying times; we admit the virtues tl
- named are reinisite, but there is one a
S other indespensable to success-for
r what availeth it if we nominate a pure r
man who is unpopular, we cannot E
r rally to his support all the elements ii
in our State which msst be enthused C
to ain the victorv.
S os is no oiary camlaign. -W
ShIMare an enemy opposing as unscru- I
to pulous in villainy-and backed by all t
Sthe legislation to extend their pow
of er that eight years of Warmonth and
ef Kellogg rule could crowd upon the
C- statute books. If this enemy sec
of ceed, we stand appalled at tihe thought
of of the consequences. Four years I
ly longer role of Radicalism would des- t
troy Louisiana, root and branch.
er i
For these reasons, we shllould be
of circuamspect, calm and patriotic at our j
In Convention on the 24th nit. No man
n- should be placed upon thile ticket who
in was not up to all the necessry re
it- quirements of the hour. Packard,
the man of thle Radical party repre
nt seats all the vice oh the State, we are
to select a man to represent all the
or irtwe.
S We have looked the field carefully
le- over; have studied the character
air and chances, tke availability of nearly
Le- all the gentlemen spoken of for the
to position ot Governor upon our ticket,
Ir- and although each and every one pos
elseses traits of character of the highlest
order, is as honest as heart could
wish, and for ordinary times would be
"ab superb candidate; we fail to see
on ~hat he meet "full measure"-save
an- Ine, and that one the least spoken of,
0er we consider the man for the hour.
tion I
ds He is the only one named as yet
. of fall aEailabUlity-he is pore-hena
eth- et, eapable, and can by the very
be mention of his name s arouse the
to enthusiasm of the masses-work
he them ap to saelh an effort that victory
oh would be overwhelming.
SWe are, therefore, for him nla prefer.
huce to all men in the field, and we
Sdoubt not but that his host of frieods
! throughout the State will respond to
Sthe mere heation of hib amea with
efull and enthuolastle forces, Give s
Gen. Prtit T.Niehole at the head of
the ticketand rhow us the enemy, we
5 wIant naedog more.
af- TEe State Demhocaraclo onvena
- tioa snezt is order, aud we okuio
l~wick wi4 *1 ommauditgsl
~T4
The Last Appeal. not
-- cer
WILL OUR COLORED FRIENDS IIEED US ?
We do not hesitate to say that great ,
importance to our local atfairs and to no
our State at large hangs upon a prop- Go
er and emphatic answer from our an
colored citizens to the earnest appeal oh
we now propose to make to them. Le
All classes and races of men have no
arrived at the station of citizenship cri
and enjoyed its privileges and bles- kn
sings through hard struggles, through cal
wars and devastation ; and race after ,i
race has been destroyed, by those Sh
more powerful, in their struggles or
without reaching the great end cf Pu
man-to enjoy life, liberty and prop- the
erty, freely and fully, governed by isi
such laws only as protect him in these p
three great blessings and conduce to wl
his happiness thereby.
It has been reserved for the colored an
race to reach this highest summit of wl
man's hopes without these attendent in
horrors. He has been invested of
with a full and free enjoyment of "
those blessings which cost our fore- th
t fathers oceans of blood and millions th
of treasure, with but the loss of an pi
insignificant sum of either. or
This great boon that the negro now
enjoys has been given him by the white
race in fee simple.
All men are his equals before the
law and he per contra is the equal of at
any man. Under the constitution of il,
our country he is allowed the privil A
edge to enjoy life, liberty and the A
pursuit of happiness to the fullest ex- st
s tent--so far can he go in the enjoy- pi
I ment of these blessings that the lati- ti
tude is only limited to the fact that tl
he mrust not inteif'ere with others in the 11
Senjoyment of their rights. And here is ai
t the point, the warning point we de- o0
sire to make-the appeal we do make ai
r as men who inhe'ited our liberty from re
all ages to there who were allowed it a
by us. We ask the calm considera- it
V tion of all thinking fairiminded colored
men to ours words of warning; for n
they are big with import to them all Ih
n and we most sincerely hope that those p
who do read, who do think, and who tl
are fairminded will impress th$ ttuths a
we now utter upon the minds of those c
e less educated, more ignorant and more o
e susceptible to bad influences. fi
In some lower parishes of our State ti
the colored man, much abused and h
long used by the radical thieves as a ii
e voting power to place them in office b
a that they might plunder no and the a
e negro as well, have been deserting p
the republican ranks in large numbers, a
to such an extent in fact, as to give ii
rise to what is called the "Union Rights "
It Stop" organization. An order where- c
ts in every man is sworn to vote the radi- t'
d cal ticket blindly, and without question, 8
and those who do not join, the members a
We have it from ueon stee asntor
- ity that this order is being attenlpted t
11 to be organized in our parish and
u npon this comes our appeal and warn
d ing.
We ask the colored nean if this is
Snot a free country where every man
E be he white or black has the right to
it act and vote as he pleases ? You
rs have this boon of voting and you
. take an oath to kill other colored men
that do not elhoose to ,ole viilh you or 1
for your ses I
e We ask you if that is your idea of
ir justice or liberty "
n Is that fair or honest I
Is it not clanning togethler to mtur
der your fellow man for hAls opinion
e sake !
d, Remember that we are your friends.
e- Whatever others may say to you about
e our intentions regarding your rights,
he we say this;: We intend to preserve
to you all yeour rights ander tim Con.
stitutios of the United Stares. You
ly shall vote as other citizens do, freely
er and fairly, for all ties to come, and to
hy that end we pledge our sacred konor
and our lives.
But we will not submit that white
Syoue enjoy the great boon of doing as
ys- you please as citisens that yon will
3st be allowed to kill and slay those of
ild your race who honestly differ with
b you. We do not intend yon hala or
ganite any such society in this par
n log as the "Urien R1ights Stops." We
ve will not allow any sleh organization
of, to exist for a moment that would
rhind its members to kill those who
-m i m -uliETtpe cttsens ourselves.
' We now ask you to pause, stop and
teliect but one momenton the serious
pet consequenees that will certainly fol
in. low if you should go on with such a
iry society as we have named. No fair
the minded men will hesitate a moment
hwhat to do. The best And first men
irkin this country will orgguise armed
r r men and pat ft down,
We intend too do it, certain ; and
er- woe I be nmte the men that are caught
we orgaidsingsach :damnable orders that
,have for their objeet the killlng of
other men that do not agree with
to them potitically,
th COLORED MEN, STOP! think well;
U go to yoUr fair minded, well meaning
of colored men saod ask their advice I
re This affair will be seriouas. You mulst
not join these orders. It againest the
constitution and laws to do ro It is
a against llberty na j..astlce to do so,
nd dstab balodod and verse vi
-d ,ue.coeims~,e.
Touhatilote freely and fairly, no
sue shall molest you em' wW p. ko
not have cause teregret it as you
certainlr will Ihavto join these "kil
ling soceties.'" ed to
The Radical' of this State have year
nominred a dorm (?) candidate for LAR
Goverer. S R. Packard is the man, All a
and were constmained to ask, where, advn
nit! wire are the independents (!), as tl
Leonal"ripe up" and speak! Who ly p
now ii"illiberal, violent and pros
criptiv!" where is the honest "an- in ti
knowman" that the Saints, the radi- out
cal in onection with the new party 11
men we going to give the country HO'
Shoiw inr hands now, political idiots, will
or clo up for ever after. S. B. any
Packai, the head and front of all par
that is:al and damning in the Lou- the
isiana isiness for eight years past. pov
Paekat; tihe United States Marshal, and
who roa down innocent white men cha
-whosaleputies outraged nwhite ladies! nfl
and be protected thelm aftel ward ;
who paced negro witnesses against pot
innocen men-who stole thousands by
of dollah from the Government on
"pay ro," witht sweet Casey. This, ins
this, ye idependents, is thie pure (?) tlt
the liberi (9) man you give the peo- pal
ple as lderuor; this is the reform=.
ur (!)>ao didIeadl give their party.
Balh-it mtes one sick.of the wihoTe
batch. tin
The quesions settled by the war foi
f are never t!be re-opened. We heart
f ily concur ii the 13th, 14th and 15th reo
Amendment to the Constitution. th
e All prties rast hereafter accept and on
- stand upon item, and henceforth our as
polities are o turn upon questions of
- the present md the future, not upon
t those of th; settled and final past. t
e .We live aloe for the future, our lives
s are not boed to that past-the dead r
of other loars have been buried,
e and no restrrection awaits them-we
n rear no ninuments to issues that
t meet not the requirements of the liv
ing-onwdnl is our motto. tl
il Let us hear no man say he has ti
r nothing to do withi politics, all men
11 have ant must in Republics. The
e present condition of our country is
o traceable to the fact, that the honest t1
s masses stayed away from the politi
e cal field, atd allowed those interested
e only in the money to be made by of
flee, to control and manipulate elec
e tionas; that fontrol and manipulation
d has resulted in thie prostration of the
a industries 'of the country; the rob
e bery of the Treasuries of the States I
e and Union; has placed in official (
g power a band of men unscrupulous 1
R, and thieving; and all this was caused
e in a great measure by the intelligent
s "stay-sways." Let us hear no more
complaint of bad metn In office, for
I- that can and will be corrected by
t, good men attending the primaries,
r' and selecting good men as delegates
fI tions upon our ticket.
Id ------ ---**
S "Intimidation and violence," is the
cry of the Radicals of Louisiana as
Ssoon as thley are defeated at the polls,
in and when a box or parish is to be
to thrown out, it certainly is one where
in the majority is largely against thlem,
mu and has always been so.
m In 1874, while Twitchel was mani
, Ipulating the returns of the election
to secure the position of Senator, for
of whlich he had been defeated by M1.
Elam, of DeSoto, by a large majori.
ty, he selected from this parish,
S. Wards ave and six, that tave never
Sgiven a majority for the Iadiceal tick
et at nny election since tihe State was
l. reconstructed. All the negroes in
Ut those wards have been Democratie,
there is scarcely ever any Radical
y vote polled, and never was any oca
Ssion for tihe use of intimidation and
on violence, and none has ever cceutred.
1y Now, if the Democrats desirted to in
to thnidate negro vtrters, would it not
be a matter of much more policy for
therm to do to in a Wards where the
ie negro paolhiton was largely in the
s majority, than for them to select ansuch
nil as Wards five and six, where the
f white majority is 5to 1. For instance
ith the city of Natchitoehes would likely
or be the point where the "shot gun"
ar- policy would prevail, a point that the
We negroes generally carry by about200
io majority-bat if intimidation is used
ald here, the Radicals take good care not
rho to charge it upon th, for the reason
would "not : UIl5lEr patty. his
mud may be singular, but it is neverthe
B less true, and our observation has
hol- shown that it is the conduct of the
h a Rsdicale all over the State.
ir- Polsoos RatrrtrLs AxD tiects.rs.
nt -.Considering the number and varie.
ten ty of poisbons reptiles and insects,
4 abounding almost everywhere in the
United States, it is nost surprising
that eases of death resoltinog from
mad their bites are frequently recorded in
h the publie pteus. But it does seem
at strange that in this land of knowl
Sedge, people should through igno
of ranee gie themselves up to die after
Ith being bitten, whlen a care can be
speedily effeeted in the worst cases
by the timely use of that simple rem
ii; edy, the Seven Seals or Golden Won.
ing der. T'e proprietore of tihe great
p medieine have a large number of ea
side eatilcatus, Ia their posetelon,
atteating the monot wonderful es or of
he bites of venomousa rentiles.
Is The Seven geala has been found
o, equally efItacious when applied to
Sbee stle, whihch as is well known
m oftentim- prove fatal to the sufferer.
Aches , d pais of evestry description,
_o wmetheragoute or eboilte, are almost
Sinsatantly relieved by Tbehpplicatij u
loftheSerm Seal. to the t pats pf.
"!e d. -. July lao.
For the Campaign.
The VINDICATOR will be furnish-.
ed to subscribers for the rest of the at eet
year at the low figure of ONE t)OL- his an
LAR, Postage prepaid at this office. year
All subscriptions must be paid for in ata
advance, no deviation from this rule, 163
as the price of subscription will hard- by hie
p ly pay for the paper. prece'
Political clubs and all individuals I
in this section, should subscribe with- setts
out delay. R
SWe intend to publish "TILE RED- of La
1 HOT" paper of Northwest Louisiana; io
will not seek to wound the feeliugs of terd e
any honest aman, no matter to wh:t low,
I party he belongs. lint will tell from Brad
. the first, the corruptions of those in Go
power, and give reason, plain, honest The
I, and earnest, why there should be a fNoai
n change in public affairs. No radical or of
Sofficial shall escape our notice and in al
we will give matters of political im- 1
t portance so as they will be understood iudg
Is by the people. taut
in A little help from every one will well
insure the success of our paper, and The
?) thereby secure the triumph of our of r
ý. party in this section. sens
coun
Sonmething to Come ! con
y. eagf
l-'he Italdienl party is now. fairly In all 1
the field, its candidates are mounted, by
and the race begun-we ask, there- wile
a fore, the calm, candid consideration friel
rt- of the record of their corrdptiou-a F
th record made up by the Democrats of ited
the Senate and House, ; and there is
nc one point so startling, so appalling, (fal,
Uf as to call immediate attention. vat
of On the 13th of January last, Mr. I. coil
on C. Davis, of West Virginia, called at- in
t tention to the fact, that in 1871, there a
ea was a wholesale change in figures, Yal
running back thirty or forty years, in wa,
ed, the tables of the Register, and alter
we ing the amounts, which, in some in- Ui
IV- stances, rhas been fixed, closed, and cro
reported to Congress, for twenty or He
thirty years. This change and altera- hat
tion of figures increased the public fac
ene debt in the aggregate $247,766,674,71. fa'
Think of that, poor fellow-citizens;
that a Radical Treasurer, no other t
est than Boutwell, the Saint(t) from th
siti- Massachusetts, plundering the peo- Di
ple's Treasury of two hundred and Pr
l fifty millions nearly, and then to OP
attempt to account for it by altering o
tio and changing reports made to Con- I
the gress and closed dears before. pe
This charge has werer been amswered Pr
aes by the Radical thieves, in or out of di
Icial Congress-buts it will be by the peo
Ions ple at the polls in November next, C'
when they send to eternal oblivion
and infamy, every man who has had
lent any thing to do with the party that I
more stole this money.
,for M ""r
I byr Logan, a worthless white Imah, has ti
ris, been employed ostensibly as a school r
a teacher for Ward 9, but he is candid si
month from tie School Fund of the a
ithe parish for so doing. He is totally in- il
a as competent to teach school, but is ful- a
ils, ly equal to the task of running a Raid
to be ical clunb. thre negroes have told
here citizens worthy of belief, that Logan I
hem, was endeavotiig to administer the
oath of thne tion Rights Stp o'defy t
mani- to them, which they refused, as they 1
etion woald not kill theik fellow coloaid
r, fr man who did not wish to join them. t
W Mr. We subjoin this oath, and the intent* I
ijoti. of the Society is fully devetoped in It
rish, the wording thereof. The white titi
iever seas of Ward 9 had betlt teath this I
tick- fellow Logan a lesson, for if they do I
was not nip his conduet in the bud, there
w in will be serious tronble in that Ward.
ratle, Obtt of Union Rights Stop.
os deol, That we, the undersigned, a
do willfully and faithfully and sol. I
a nd emaly pledge ourselves and life and a
Itred. lives to volunteer ourselves into a
to i. company to protect ourselves, wives a
t not and children and, ete., as the tIme
has come so that we are compelled to
s f o do, or else go back in what is call- !
re the ed our former state and we do fr- a
In the ther swear by the Almighty and him I
I such to help us, that what has been going I
on for the last dix months shall not I
e the remain the elapse time again. By
tn so doing, we do bravely call upon all a
likely interested colored men to aid us in I
gn the same. A committee shall be at
t the you to wait upon you for your signs. i
t ture to the above words and docu- I
t ments; and It is flrrther anderstood
u eed that any man under the age of forty- a
re not five years old and refuse to co-operate I
with said company, the commit- 4
en tee shall be authorized to wait unon J
,. .... L. ...uu,' man nre suO ulnen
i has been executed and said partie ra
Drthe& use'to join The Hold or body of men 1
a a shall go to the same and get his ex
of t act reason and if seach reason don't
se solc the above the partile shall im
mediately be shot down without Fear
or favor, and all partie shall be com.
'ers. pell to take oath to this effect for ter
rarie- tain times. The time shall be fixed
acts, by said company.
a the
rising One of the most painoful commen
from taries on the social condition in which
led io we,have been plunged by Grantism
seem is the spectacle daily presented in the
nowI- Radieal Convention when the cutntin
igo- has risen. Some ignorant, illiterate
after nigger, who has probably spent tiheI
in e previous night In an orgy on Franklin
cases street, or in robbing a chicken coop I
rem back of town, will then alase, and, in
Won- hubblushiug disregard of the truth,
and in derision of the Almight-y's
prra, eenL'e, appeal to hil to btow
bao h bleaing upotm this booorable
5 aof sshmbldge, that it might be guid.
ed, asu i.the pat, by a sense t justice
roud and hosiesty in their proeedings.
d tO Warmoth remains seated, and lootks
w u pon the prarche with a eynalel
r. ste, whilst Packard rics to lisa
feet, and easting his eyes to the
assumesd, eum a d evout air that
atIirn wbuhl daate aaktas What is then
sig on ion the true inwardoessae of
Mo* te two great soals if it could- be
kl'ona, would aord e trions study
Samuel J. Tilden. He
Buch:
Gov. Tilden, the Democratic tan- elor t
didate for the Presidency, was born idene
at Lebanon, in the county of Colum
bia and State of New York, in the ThI
year 1814. One of his ancestorsi quali
Nathaniel Tilden, was mayor of the
city of Tenterden, Kent, England, in propu
163. lie was succeeded in that office Rive
by his cousin John, as he had been lia
preceded by his uncle John in 1585 Aoy
1600, lie removeil with his fatily to
Scituate, in the Colony of Massachu
setts in 1634. His brother Joseph from
was one of the merchant adventurers otlel
of London who fitted out the May- for tl
flower. This Nathaniel Tilden mar
ried lianah Bourne, one of whose sis- I1
ters married a brother of Gov. Wins
low, and the other a son of Gov. or g
Bradford of
SGot. Tilden's grandfatlier, John Ulit
S'ilden, settled in Columbia connty. the
The Governor's mother was decended boi
Sfriom Win. Jones, Lieutenant Govern- Live
A or of the colony of New Haven, who mos
d in all the histories of Connecticut is mei
represented to have been the son of
Col. John Jones, one of the regicide
J udges of Charles I., who is said to n
liave nmarried a sister of Oliver Crom- iS C
11 well, and a cousin of John Hampden. aftli
d The Governor's father, a farmer and moi
inerchatnt of New Lebanon,. was a man ren
ir of notable jttdgnient and practical
sense, and the accepted oracle of the Sta
county npon all matters of public
concern, while his opinion was also
eagerly sought and justly valued by
In all his ui~ithbrs, by none more tthan
, b.v tihe late President Van Buren,
who till his death was one of his most
cherished, intimate and personal D
n friends. Rot
-a From his father Gov. Tilden inher
of ited a taste for political inquiries, and ca
in hisetompanioinship enjoyed peculiar er
opportunities for acquiring an early Ati
ig, familiarity with the bearings of the Pl
various questions which agitated oar
l. country in his youth. Di
Young Tilden entered ale College fr
in his eighteenth year.
Mre Mr Tilden had not been long at
es, Yale College before his health gave
in way, and obliged him to leave. After an
some rest hie was enabled to resuno me
er- his studies, and in 1834 entered the pr
in- Unitetsit" of New York, where he As
ad completed his academic education. AS
or He then entered the law offlce of the
late John W. EdmiOnds, in the city of B
)i New York where he enjoyed peculiar i
lic facilities For the prosecution of his B,
71. favorite studies of law and politics. Ca
The accession of Mr. Van Buren to Ci
er the Presidency in 1837 was followed Ci
by the most trying financial revulsion C
om that has yet occurred in our history. C:
o- During the summer appeared the
snd Presldetitlal message calling for a
to special session of Congress, and re- D
commending the separation of the F
'ng government from the banks and F
,ox the establishment of the inde- F
pendeat treasury. This measure 0
ed provoked voluminous and aerimnonoas I
t of debates throughout the country, even
,o before it engaged the attention of
t, Congress. L
eiox Mr. Tilden, though still a student, L
bad rang to the defence of the Prts- I
hat idens policy, and wrote a series of I
papers, marked by all the character- 3
istics of has maturity, and advoca- i
,hA ting the proposed separation and the
redeemability of the government cur
rency in specie. These articles were
odid signed "Crino."
or Un. hisl almssionto the bar Mr. X
in tihe city of New York.
per In 1844, in antidpatibu and pt~rpar- I
the aion for the election vhliel resulted
! in- in making Jatmes K. Polk President
ful- and Silas Wrigllt Governor of the
ad- State of New York1 Mr. Tilden, in i
connectioM with John L. O'Sulivan, I
told fuunded the newspaper called the
ogan Daily News.
nthe n the fall of 1845 he was sent to
ciefy the Aseembly from the city of New
th York, and while a member of that
tey body wis elected to the Conventionb
re for the remodelling of the constito
,em. tion of the State, which was to cornm
tents mence its semssions a few weeks after
i the Legislature adjourned. In both
of these bodies Mr. Tilden was a eon
'ti ajicuous member, and left a perma
this Dentimpression upon the legislation
y do of the year, and especially upon all
there theim new constltutiobal pwovisions af
fecting the fiuanees Of the State and
Fard. the managemsent of its system of can
Sils. After this time Mr. Tilden de
voted hbiself to his profession. He
pned, always enjoyedS a large practice and
I sol. after a laborious professional life has
s and amsassed a very large fortune.
to a The war between the States was a
ritebs tbject of grave eolicitude to him. Of
time course he was found on the side of
ed to the maintenance of the Unton1 but he
call- urged on the North a spirit of recon
i r- ciliation and forbearancee and on the
Ibini Soath a deferebee to thie will of the
ing majority and a respect for the pro
ot visions of the Federal ConstitUtion.
By In i809 Mr. Tilden was again elect
a all ed to the Assembly of New York for
as In the pilrpose of reforming the abuges
be at which had grown up in the adminis
ign. tration of the laws of the Empire
loc- State. These were the days of the
stood wleed corruption, to the eradicalstion
ory- of which Mr. Tilden devoted himself,
oratenot stopping to inquire whether the
mi. eorruptionists belonged to his own
u .an fy or to $h. party.of hi. -poltical
10 H i stupendone efforts in favor of
men reform led to his nomination for the
i offex- ice of Governor in 1875. The op.
don t positiou to him on the part of the cor
Ilm rnptionists, both in and oat of his
Fear party, was even more fierce than that
com which manifested itself at the St.
F rer- Louis Convention. lie was elected
fxed over Governor Dix by a majority of
53,315. Two years before Governot
Dix had been elected by a majority of
man- 53,451. A change of over 106,000
rhich votes in one year shreows the deep in
tismo terest the people of New York took
in the in the subhject of reform. His major
ftiI ity in New York next fall will exceed
erate that of any other Presidential candi
it the date witlhin the present century. His
nklin record as a reform Governor is fresh
Icoop in the memory of all. HIe has broken
ad, in op all the Corrupt rnogs that have so
ruth, long enused the polities of the Empire
hty's State. He hasin less than two years,
stow redeuced taatation from $i5,000,00
rable annually to $8.000,1lO0. If he rednues
gold- Fedetal tatation in the atme ratio he
nastie 1ll be voted a pdblie benefactor by
ing the Ameriaspeple, and his party
ooks will be invincible in all future con
rleal tests. Mr. 'ilden is now in the sixty.
Slis third year of his age. HIe ms five teet
the ten Inches in height, and be has what
ithat the physiologist calil the purely ner
them vous tempersment, with its Uesrl ao
as of ompalmmnt of p 1a gn, blue
Id- be eyes and fair compitio. His hair
atidy originally chestaet, Is noW part ally
sltlvsr with ages
lie was never nmarried. Exeept Mr.
Buclhnan, lie will be the only bach.
elor that was ever elected to the l'res.
idency.
The steamer Bart Able hais our nn.
qualiftied thanks for kind favors. We
propose to the Delegates from Red
River, DeSoto, Sabine, Vernoni
ltapides, Winn, Giant, Bieuville,
Avoyelles and this parish, that they
all take passage on the Bart Abld
from Grand Ecore, Alexandria and
other pdints, on the 18th July, 1e76i
for the Baton Rouge Convention.
In thie active pursuit of pleasure
or gaiii, the inestimable blessing
of health is too often forgotten
until disease is firmly seated, and
the fact only realized by great
bodily and mriental suffering. The
Liver is the vulnerable point is
most persons, and thfe disarrange
ment of the organ involves almost
the whole system; hence the rea:
son why under Liver disease ther
is enumerated such a number of
afflictions, and we claim the Sim:
mons' Liver Regulator to be d
remedy for them all.
e State Demdcratti Central lze
ecutive Conmittee.
Rooms State Central Comunttee.
Dane4ocratie-Conservative , Pur,
New Orleans, April 20,1876.
I Resolved, That a Convention of tbd
DemocratiC.Conservative party of the
State of Louisiana be held at Batel
Rouge, for the purpose of nominating
d candidates for Governor, Lient. Gov:
t ernor, Secretary of State, Auditorj
. Attorney General, Superintendent t
Public Education, Members of Con.
greys from the various Congressional
Districts of the State, and Electort
for President and Vice President of
the United States, on Monday, this
at 4tlt of July, 1876.
Accordingly the several parishm
e and wards of the city of New Orlemns
shall be entitled to the following re
lie preeuntation, to wit :
ie Ascehion ........4 St. Charles.......
,. Assumption.......8 St. Helena...... $
lie Avocelles.........6 St. John Baptist..3
of Batim Rouge ......8 St. James.........
Baton Rouge W...2 St. Indry.......10
' Bienville......... 4 St. Mary .........s.-.
Bossier..............5 St. Tammany....
Caddo.........I11 Tensas............
to Calcasien..... ,..6 Terrebonne..... 7
ed Caldwell......... 3 Tangipahoa.......,
on Cameron.......... Union...........
Carroll ...........1 Vermillion........
e Catahoala .......4 Vernon ......... .
Claiornme......... 7 Washingten......s
a Concordia........1 Webster..........t
re. Deoto........... 6. WinVi............#
the Fehiebian East.... 4
ad Feliciaua West....3 .I$
de- Franklin..........2 oaxrAxs
are Grant ........ ..- First Ward ......
s Ibera... l ::....:::6 SecondWsn.....hi
Iberville.......... 4 Third Want......1
en Jackson.......... 3 FnUmth WadT....
of Jederson......... 4 Fifth Wantrd...... 11
Lafayette........S5 Sixth Ward......S.
nt, Lafourehe.......10 SeventhlWad...lO
rts- Lincoln..........5 Eighth Want.....
t of Livingston........S Ninth Ward.....:
ter- Madison.........1 Tenth Ward.....
ma- MoreheusO........3 Eleventh Wsrd..lt
the Nathitoehes...... 8 Twelfth Wmad...A
Ou Oacitt......,...4 Thirteenth Wad..s
Ir- Plaqeiaies......'t Fonrtcouth Wuld.i
Pointe Coape ....3 Fiteenth Wasd.J.
Rapides...........8 Sixteenth Wal. "
rell RknhaStd....... .
bt -eW ...:..... A 4
ar- . tlemzuad....... 1!:S
lent togl Inumber of delegates. T.3.
the All DIemoerntic ad ConsrtJii-
in papers in the State are requested 
an, publish theabove. ;
the I W. PATTON, Presidiat _
PntrP Powea, Secretary.
i to.
leow The l: Ltional Democratic esr
hat dent Committee.
uob
ito- bThe National Democratic Rqhe u
em- Committee have established e*.
her quarters at 1324 F street, near
oth Ebbitt House. The committee ~
on- made as follows:
ma Chairman-Hiester Clymer.
tn Treaaurer-W. H, Barnum.
all Secretary-James Harvey.
I af. SEiNA'E.
and Keotucky"-. W. Steveson.
an- Connectieat-W. W. Eaton. ,
de- West Virginia-H. G. Davis. ,i
He Maryhlind-W. V. Whyte.
and Georgia-t. B. Gordon.
has ROUSE.
Penmsylanla--Hiester Clymer. 'i
a a Massachusetts-C. W, Chapi.
Of Texas--J. W. Throekmortd;
e of Mississippt-C. E. Hooker.
I he Kenutuky-A. J. Jewet
on North Carolina-W. M. Robbins
the Olo-M. Taylor. ..
e District of Colambis-W. W. Cat'
pre. corano, James E. Harvey, and hai~e
n. Mason.
lect- Tile i)emuoeratic orpisatioS
fbr all the States Tand Iertories sae
aes quested to report their eont-
mis- iemediately to the National -eilII_.
pire Committee. Ap lieations for
the ments, speeches, and other po
tlon matter, and all ommnea
self, dthe business of thle committs~.
the be addressed to the sedretar .
A red moicoedn pOaket beck, .uAih
ing money and papers. A uaitabo 1,
ward will be pid the Indi if bh eWi
return the same to LavY & PaPm
no questions will be asked.
July 8-i -
NOTICE.
Having bought Mr. 8. Person's
stock of Horses, Hacks, Bugi
Hearse, as well as a h!1 ssse'rtita
coffins, I now invite a Contisase. -
the patronage ofthe ppbllt.
Charges will be aod6rate. _
Hire of Hearse within rporpoatadS
Price for distances beyond cotpo 
it will be .overned by the d -
from $ to SO.
Coffins of all styles On bhiatd,
ranging from $45 tZ$1. -.
July 8 tt. P. YULK5A'
It A fa supply of Job mterial
eeived, and puinting of all de~a
executed with anen-s and diod
this ofice.
Jul. . LIWt
$5 p$20 deayt sMe
0., X2Nrtt wt, Manl e.l
e., P~rtlanad, Maud. .f