JT.1. II. COsGi OViE, . .. Editor.
NATC III TOCHEIS
SA''lIDAY) - - - Sep.t. 18, 1I75.
Adveriising Mates.
1 *gu:e*, 7 4 g$ g Oil $13 00 -2 0
n sAqIres~lh... 7 i0 10 00 15 01) 2'1 00 23 00
3 lir'e.., 1001 i3 0i0 1i 00 5 IN 30 0l,
4 sqlares... 14 o i 00 23 00 : O1i 35 00
5 squa1es... 17 ( 2: 00 27 00 :1 o 40 n00
0 N nuaros... 2100 24 00 36 W0 40 00 45 00
I all~s.ro... 2l00 37 : i( 00 50o 00 70 00
a'l narcs... 2600 123 00 40 00 t 5 i 0 1
in stu:lres... 31ll .15 00 511 ol 57 00(105 (1
15 slnare.... 4.00 fI 110 70 001 iln0 0125 00
n s' i u.rs... 61110 R: 001 00 00,12i3 1 0I10 00n
'I'ral.en i ahl%"ertisemenuts 8l.50 per square of
i0 Jinl .ti.revier. first insertion. Each sulelo.
quoC selrtin 73 cents per squlllare.
All ellanges in advertisements to be
charged is if tnew.
TraIiesint advertisements must be paid
for in advance.
Al bills with regular advertisrs rea
dered quarterly.
One inch of solid brevier constitutes a
squrlre.
Marriage and abituary noticel bgid
the simplo nnnonncelent, l belntionn or
cards of thanks, charged as advertise
ments.
OUR JOB OFFICE is suppliced with a
great variety of typo, aind work ii thli depart
nlent performed with neatness and at moder.
ite prices.
Terms, CASEI on dolivery of work.
Rates of Subscrlption.
One Rnpy one oyar .......................3.00
Olie Copy six nllllths ....................2 00
(Payable In advance.)
John J. Horbert, is our duly authori
zed tmvelling aigent.
Notice to Contributors.
No communictions will be putlished
inlwss accompanied by the author's rteal
name. Bnt one side of the sheet to be
written upon when sent to us for inser
tion.
Articles to be short and to the point,
to have attention.
These are our rules and they must be
strictly adhered to.
Premiums to Subscribers.
The Vindicator will be furniled to
subscribers at the following rates.
1 year................... $3
6 mos........... ......... $2
No subscription received for less
than six months.
ALL SUBSbRIPTIONS INVARIABLY IN
A'PVANCE.
We will furnishlto each yearly sub
scriber us nagnifcent Steel Engraving
19z,24 inches. Now is the time to
subscribe--write to our Editor for
Clab tates, in which we offer special
indncements.
YDIS ?APN3 IS ON FILE WZTS
Aber. M ivuuM ge.srmytwmea re umis.
W. W. SHARP & CO.,
PUBLISHERS' AGENTS,
No. 25 Rark Row, New York,
Are authorized to contract for ad
vertising in our paper.
NOTIE.
Persons ordering JOB
WORK from this Office,
must pay for the same on
deivery of the work.
No deviation from this
'" le.
Many of our merchants are now in
the City supplying themselves with
stocks of goods to meet the demands
of the dmoning Fall trade.
Cotton will not go forwatm Ia
this parish did last ysr, i .sa
quantities in ~ ssrly .11l and winter.
SMany are in a condition to hold, and
those that are not will bring in sufii
cient to pay their debts, and retain
the remainder.
Ames, the sweet (1) Governor of
Miss., says: "Democratic violence
iirvails in various parts of the State
beyond the control of the State anth-.
orities to suppress"; and calls upon
Grant for troops. Our judgement is
that he will get none, if lie does,
Allen's majority in Ohio will be
largely increased.
The Viedieator returns thanks
to Mr. C. L. Wamsley, for kind
remembrances.
Don't forget, business men, that
advertising pays, and pays hand
somely. The Vindicator is pre.
Mtel d to let the world know how
cbe p you sell.
"There wil .be Divine service at
the Episcopal Church on to-mor
roei. The Rev, M. Dalsel, officia
ting.
Distric tCourt is now being held
in Red River parish,- for the first
time in a number of years.
We call attention to the adver
tisement of -l d ,& Taylor, Dry
Goods: dealers, New York.
We prvet d ro rain this week
of mauh oobseequeaee, tlt
weeatiahi tI continues warm.
S1ýtf o `the painsk is no od,
DNoWti the tilue to asbscribe.to
the ViL. ic&tor.
Democracy and Republicanism.
A CONTRAST.
YWe are of the opinion that parties
were formed to advance some great
principle of government; that they
advocated measures and discussed
subjects embraced in that branch of
ethics of the proper mode of govern
ing a State, so as to secure its pros
perity, peace and safety, and to at
tain, as perfectly as possible, the
ends of civil society. But we fail to
see such ends aimed at by the Repub
lican party of to-day, they desire to
live, but to hate, to terrorise all that
do not believe as they do, and hope
to perpetuate power by the free use
of all that. force of the government
that was formed to protect the citizen.
Jumping from one line to another
as lhst as beaten from it, is what can
now be seen in Ohio and otlher States,
(and have led us to these reflections)
where, strange to say, the great crime
at the Republican party has not yet
been used against it.
Let us draw a parallel betiveen the
contending factions, and in so doing
we ask the calm consideration of all
patriotic men, that they may discern
upon what limits the contending par
ties, demand suffrage from tihe peo
ple.
Our government is on trial even at
this moment; the prineiples of the
right of the people to self-govern
ment, on which our nation was found
ed, are now passing a crisis in which
they must triumph or perish forever.
The grand principle upon which the
Democratic party is founded; the
corner stone you may say, of its
structure, and the principle also out
of which our nation was born, is that
governments derive their just powers
from the consent of the governed.
In this contest now pending, all
questions minor to that; questions of
grave import it is true, which under
ordinary ciremstances should only
divide the people, such as finance,
tariff, internal improvements, &c.,
must now be laid aside and the of
fort and mission of all good men
made to save the nation, for there is
no resurrection for it if once destroy
ed.
The Democratic banner is unfurled
for that battle, and under its hitherto
victorious folds must all the "good
Knights and true" be ranged in ser
ried ranks to meet the foe.
At one time the Republican party
claimed, with some show of consis
tency, to have a mission, and were at
least sympathised with by a large
mass of the thinking world; this
mission, nevertheless, was a fanatical
one; but possessed cohesive power
sufficient to hold together the mass
of the North, and by blinding their
good sense, tickling their patriotism
with a sham desire to save the Union,
led them to war and a.bloody victory;
a victory offanatieal zealota, as it has
in thoeend proved, against the slave
owners of the South. This accom
ihlished, no check in their career oc
curred; the Union saved, they then
destrioyed it; and the "suspended
constitution " as a war menasure," to
save,thet loved (1) Union, remains to
them "suspended" to this day. The
]iest crime of the IJlkpblicat lpurt!l
was the total anihilatidor of the prin
ciples of our gorermiilcnt to save its
empty name. How very childish and
absurd this seems.
The Democratic party presents to
the people, and upon which it do
mands their suffrage, that Constitu
tion of our Union so rudely trampled
upon by its foes; that Constitution
Aisned by our wise and patriotic
forefathers for out protection and
guidance, and its strict construction,
as their platform, together with their
bright and glorious record of the
past. They demand that corruption
shall be overthrown; that the thieves
in high places shall be driven out and
punished; and that we return, after
this long wandering after false and
alluring Gods, to the first principles
of our American Government.
Can the Republicans present such a
demand to thle American people? We
answer, emphatieally, no I What par
ty can demand even a patient hearing
upon such pretexes as they set up.
Their reconstruction acts; the in
stigators of bloody riots; the friends
and supporters of the Carpet-bag and
negro governments South; the pub
lie defenders of all thieves, in 'ind
out of Congress, who bear the saint
ed (1) name of Republicans; the dis
troyers of State governments with
armed bands of soldiers; the promo
ters of Merrill's raiders; the ienslters
of women and the outragers of men;
the instigators of Sheridan's "bandits
orders;" of Force Bills, and a thou
sand other deadly blows at civil lib
erty, are a part of its sins, and they
cannot, nor will not, receive coasid
eration from true lovers of freedom.
Upon., one. side stands the Demo
eratic party, actuated by those pure,
lofty and patriotic motives which asc
taste all good citizens; the party of
the constitution; the defenders of
liberty and law, and ask from us co
operation and assistance; appealing
only to our sense of justice; of right
and oar love of liberty, promising no.
reward, nor, denanding sOy, save
that which is ever felt by those who
are; conscious of a good duty well
performied; .performed faithfully nad
pattlrotically; and spo the other
side the Radical Republican party;
its ranks filled with howllne fanatics,
demanding blood at every expense,;
rewarding men with positions who
forsake honor, principle and people;
the distroyers of our civil liberty ;
the assassins of free spleeCh and free
government; reaking with corrup.
tion--with Robespierre exemplified
in Morton, and Marat in Butler, and
nil thmeother crime steeped demons
of the French reign of terror por
trayed in the many surronuders of
the throne, from highest to lowest,
they are asking with a tlaunt Uf the
"bloody shirt and the howl of out
rnage," that they may be continued in
power until not one vestage of civil
or religions liberty be lett; not one
stone standing to remind us of a des
troyed government.
These are the two pictures, and
our Amierican friends must choose
between them.
Fromn the camp of the Radical is
heard the howl for war; frown that of
the Democracy they aic chanting
plans of peace and good will.
Countrymen, be MEN ; distroy this
monster, let it no longer disgrace our
country andi make us the scorn of the
world. Show by your votes that you
still know your rights; still love your
liberties; that hate shall no longer
rule; but, we, as ouo people, shall go
on in grandeur and glory, adding
chaplet after chaplet to the brow of
our Goddess--and leaving for our
children the rich heritage of freedom
-a pure Constitution and a forgotten
war between us.
Let us be one I'EOIPLE, one COULNTRY,
with one flag-that
Tiho' many and bright are the stars that
appear
In the tlag by our country unifrl'd;
Anl the st the stripes that are swelling ill ma
jesty there.
Like rainhows allorning the world;
Their light be as unsullied, as those in
the sky
_By a deed that our fatthers have done,
And they're leagued in, as true aºpd holy
a tie
In tiat motto of "'.MANsY IN os."
The Jury System of Louisiana
One -of the sublime farces in the
grand hunmbug drama of reconstruc
tion in Louisiana, is the jury 'system
as it now stands.
Our model (1) law makers, filled
with the grand visionary idea that all
men were created, free and equal in
all respects, insist, not only shall all
men vote, but that all men shall serve
as jurors and a pretty mess they have
made of it.
Cases involving vast amounts of
money ;'the decissions of which if
rendbred .correctly would require
much legal knowledge, are left to thl
mercy of a lot of ignorant negroes,
who, in post instances, can neither
read nor write ; and the same may be
said of criminal cases, when they
know at least something of evidence,
but fail to bring to justice thle .large
nmass of color iwho are petty pilferers.
We append thle fllowing as a mod
el verdict (!) in a very complicated
ease in Redl River panish, and it can
be relied upon as truthful:
"we as Juror hayv degreed that Gar
ison & Dunn has no rite to lie pade
for Danoished Becos t!ley have re
stated that they had ', fenco under
Good order."
One of the first acts of our legisla
ture shonldl be, if possible, to change
tlis law and give us some system
that would be mgon perfect. Many
bad laws disgrace our statute books,
and this is one of them.
Well, first as to thle liad. Doubt
less the editor thinks that sheet is as
big as the western hemisphere; and
from the manner hlie spoke of the REc
onu we concluded to examine the
paper. So we spread out the REcouRD
on a table and taking a copy of the
'"omer lliad," laid it down otlhe
ItECORD, spread it carefully ut to
tile edges, when lo! and behold, it
was not as large as the RECORD.
Unrion Record.
Friend Record we will abuse yonr
mind of that; where are the Alex
andria DemouRcrat, Ricland Beacon,
Southwestern Teleqrat and People's
Vindicator, threaof. them 'seven col
man papers anil the Telegranm a quarto.
The Beacon, Vindicator and Demo
crat have just one page 'bf six col
umns more matter than tile Record,
Try that measurement again.
Some person have to indulge in
practical joking and when these jokes
are confined to proper suject, they
are no doubt quite ,.funny, but, to
muake up one Enrsn s,ious a sulbject
as tlijit of yellow fever in Coushatta,
it looses all semblence of wit.
Our people were much startled at
this news from Coushlatta as they
need be of this dread pestilance. The
matter was entirely too se'ious for ia
joke and no one Abibald indulge in
such.
Notwithlstanding we are told by the
Press dispatches, ;'that the Bank of
California would' easume, informa
tion from private. sources has it,' that
they never will do so. The "tale of
resumption" is only fo have political
effect in Ohio, but, people don't be
lieve these things as they once did.
Banks withls-a balance on the wrong
side, of $7,000,000i don't "resume" on'
nothing.
"The -,Ohio Republicans 'could not
stand Mbrton and his "bloody shirt
fannt,"so h. is packed off to MIaine
where he i~ received with very small
favor also.. Being. plainly told so,
the papers .tell us that such stuff as a
'"new rebellion" has been piayedi out
sometine. Alas! poor oirton,
Railroadct Tat.
M;any people who rea:lly favor this
great,publie improven nt a;i ~apt to
overlook cirytlhing except the mere
fact oft having the tax to pay, not in
Vestigatiug all the hearnigs upon the
case.
We are asked to take stock in this
railroad, in our corporate capacity,
to the extent of one hundred thousand
dollars, paying for that stock bonds
of the lparish, due in ten years and
bearing four per cent interest. Most
persons look at this amount and
make calculatlions that the real es
tate owners will have to pay the en
orminos sum of l-.10,000) for a rail
road when such is not thire case as lig
ures will show.
The length of tilhe railroad route
through this parish is estimated at
sixty miles, upon which parish taxes
will be levied, as well as on other
property. This sixty miles of road
will be assessed at not less than tj00),
000, or nearly as much an s the entire
assessmlent of property in the parish
WOW.
We pay a tnax, State and parish,
now, of 2,9 mills nl1on the tassessed
value of the hpropertyi as it noW sta;nds.
This ti400,000 r;ailrload assessmllenit
would relieve us of much of that, at
least 20 mills. In ten years the tax
on $600,l00i, at three per celit per anll
ilium, would amlOllunt to just one hllun
dred and eighty thousand dollars, or
$40,000 mllore than tile iamount re
qcuired to pay this rai:road tax, interest
.and principal. In otherwords, the
railroad pays, what we are asked to
give it, back to us, and four thousand
dollars per year besides.
Some may say, "but the railroad
.ill not be required to pay this rail
road t;ax"; well and good, but we say
it Ihas to pay parish taxes and it
amiounts to the same thing. The tax
payer will not be reqnired to piay
parish taxes, the railroad does that
for him ; but he will be required to pay
railroad taxes, which lie has to pay
any way; and the railroad reduces
that $4000 per year on both parish
and State, which reduces the* State
and parish taxes now being collected
fully one fourth ; that is, instead of
20 mills now paid, lie will' then pay
but 21 mills for parish and State, and
no railroad tax.
Let us carry out this idea for we
conceive that we are understood
plainly in the above hypothesis, and
say that the railroad is completed ;
our bonds issued, and our shares in
the hands of the treasurer. The in
come fromn a railroad build as this is
proposed to be and running through
such a rich and productive country,
tapping t14e fairest portion of Texas,
cannot fail to be laige, and we can
safely applroxiolmato the dividends at
ten per cent. This parish would lhave
then a steady income from this source
alone of ten thossand dollars. The
roilroad conitnuing in the mneantime
to pay its taxes upon the assessed
$600,000 would so mnatetially reduce
taxation that it would amount to al
most nothing, not five mills, all told.
It will be seen by this thalt the rail.
road will not only materially benefit
us in the way of quick transportation,
compititiveo markets, &c., but it re
dnces our taxes to alnost nothing as
ctan lbe redily seen from the above.
We propose now to show those who
live at a distance from this road how
they will he benefited. In the first
instance they will admit that the
taxes thus reduced benefits tlhemn
greatly, to the extent, we would say,
of over two per cent, which is no small
sum to a hard working farmer. But
we all want immigration, and this
reduced, almnost nominal, taxation is
one great help to the railroad to get
it. Take a parish off thle line of the
road and the first enquiry of a land
and Ihome seeker will be the amount
of'taxes that are paid; they will tell
hinm 15, 20 or even 30 mills on tie
dollar, while in this parish it will
scarcely reach .five. Do we not at
once see tlhat the great objection to
ilnvestinl money in lands fior homes,
hIigh taxation .is removed annd we
will have an influx in our midst
that will buy up and cultivate our
waste land; becoming themselves tax
payers, they will lessen the burdens
upon those land owners now here,
besides improving tie country, in
creasing trade, and in every way ad
vancing our material interest.
While upon this subject and in c6n
elusion, we would impress upon the
minds .of all those materially interest
ed and those in favor of this proposed
tax, that they sliould not fail or let
an opportunity pass to impress
these views upon the minds of all our
land owners. Many do not under
standhlte questionh at all, tlley think
it a mere doniatioi or gift wllen it is
no such thing, ill fact, quite the con
trary.
Persons shlould le sent into the
conultry to advocate the measure and
lay before the people the facts and
tigurecs. Really all friends of this
road and the proposed bond subscrip
tion for stock should not fail to work,
and work liard, for we feel assured
that nothing short ofthis will secure
us this desired blessing.
We would like'some one to tellnus
how a resolution in Congress, siir.ple
and pure, to resame specie payments
in 1879, is going to effect the desired
end. It seemed to us at the time a
little childislh play, and it does so yet.
The Railroad.
Now that sone shape has been as
sunned to what we intend to do in our
Corporate c1ipacity as it lparish, we
hope to see( our people evincinlg stia
dy work in the railroad matter. \We
Imust niot lllremainil idle an instant, hbut
exert oursclves with all our might to
pullis through this liost desired il
provement.
MWhat we are nIow, in a matlerinl
condition, will not bear contrast with
that of other States wleo have lines
of railway travel and translllortation.
Nature has given us a soil and cli
mate unsurpassed; vast lines of ig
riciltitrall wealth require develop
menlit which will only be consimna
ted with a llow of imlniigralnts of the
proper character.
This parish does not require la
bor for hire as much as it does ai pro
prietary one-farmers owning and til
ling the soil ; improving not only the
lands but, the present productio;ns of
the country. When our farmers have
orchards; have grain anld meadow
lieldus, rear cattle and hogs; culti
vate and imarket all products that are
Shere susc'ptible of being cultivated,
we will have more money in the
country with which to improve and
further advance all its -interests.
We iare all satisfied that railroads,
and particularly this New Orleans
andii Pacilic, will in a great Incmasure
advance us towards our hopes iandl.
wishes--will briSg people here who
will help us brirg Louisiana back to
her old wealth and prosperity ; it
would be glory and honor enough for
us should we do so, even to leave tihe
simple heritage for our children, that
of a free, prosperous and advancing
State.
''Think of the wealth once enjoyed
by' this parish in the past, and at tihe
same time remember that it is within
our power to bring it all back to us,
and that too, in a more lasting shape.
In 1854, the value of property in
this parish was $6,429,750, of which
X4,010,250 was slave property, lear
ing $2,419,500 the valuation of lands,
stock, &c., &c., at present the valu
ation of property is less than .900,
000, or about one third of what it
was in 1860, two years later than the
estimate made above. What the
causes for this great depression are,
we will not now dicuss; radical rule
has had all to do with it, but, we
must set about building it up again.
What deters us from enhancing tnhe
value of real and personal property
to $2,500,000, even without a rail
road ? But with a railroad running
up this valley the value of property
can be safely estimated at about as
follows : (based upon tablean of 1870.)
Value oT real estate $2,100,191.n 0
" " live stock 250,000.00
" " other personal
property 1,00),000.00
-t " Railroad '65,000.00
Total $3,715,191.00
This is for the first year after the
completion of the railroad and is but
little in excess of the value of pro
perty as assessed in 1870.
Here there is an increase in value
of nearly three million dollars upon
real estate anid personal property,
which will surely occnr within the
first year after thise contemplated rail
road is comtpleted. Let us now esti
mate thire tax rate upoln thire above ba
sis, for upon a property valuation
corresponding with it, will the levy
be mrade.
Thle State calls for a levy of 14I
mills, which will be much less under
good rule, say 10 mills. ThIe parish
requires $15,000 to pay expenses, tihe
railroad tar, principal $10,000 per
year, interest $4000 per year, making
a total for parish purposes of $29,
000, or about 8 mills for tile same.
Our readers will perceive at a glance
tihe amount, for State purposes, say
10 mills, for parish purposes,, say 8
mills, or eiglteen mills entire.
What do you pay now ? Look at
your tax notice. TwIenty nine mills
for Iall purposes, or eleven mills on
tlre dollar more than would be requir
ed to pay your State, parish and rail
road tarx, in the event you build one.
Figures are strange things, but we
have heard it said often, that-they do
not lie. Our estimate of the value of
property upon whlichlr the above figures
are based, does not exceed the value
of our propeity in 1866, '67 or '68,
and we. are more than certain that it
is far below what it will reach.
We would be glad to have our tax
payers thirink over these thlings, to
"fiure it out" for themselves, and
they will certainly find that voting
for this railroad is a great saving to
them of direct taxes, not to say any
thring of thIe amounts we have enu
merated in our previous issues.
The papers tell us thrat a na
tive of Calcutta invited a number
of friends to dinner, who accept
ed the invitation, but did nrot at
t-end, whereupon lie sued them for
tie price of tire food provided for
them. Now hIere, the invitation
wouhl not only have been acceplt
ed with lightning rapidity, and
the food would have been gobbled
with the same speed, with yells
for more.
New otton coming in, in small
quantities,
The river is at present in good
boating order, but on the decline.
The Proposcd t'onvention.
Nineteen 'stimahlhe geotltemten of
New (rleiIans, Ileretotr'e e(agedt, as
we infter, in protessional or commer
ci3l Ipursulits, semt recently to have:
tett solemnly imnlrssed with the
conlViction that the l)etocratic lpar
ty in this State, hIns no leader. and
is without andy or'gaization. W1'here
upon, after mtllturn, deliberation,
doubtle.s they conclute to organize
at onIIce, alll are nloW eekitig to at
tain that object ,by sending circular
lettes tlhrough the country in which
all good and true meni are urged to
co-olperate with them in calling tor a
colv('lntion of the D)emiocratic party,
pure and simple, to be held on the
:2d of Novembnher next at-shall we
say New Orleans ?
No lehtders are specially indicated,
but "a waiting and impatient people"
imay perhaps not unreasonably err
tertain the pleasing hope that those
who have discerlned the danger and
first sounded the call to arms will,
froml their own body, furnish leaders,
triue, at least, however nntried ; or if
that would be too great a sacrifice,
perhaps they have "friends" posses.
sing all essential qualifications, who,
through their influence, nmight be in
duced to become "leaders."
Far be it from us to presume to in
tcrfere with their selection, yet we
cannot refrain from expressing the
oplinion that the whole country would
he gratified if supreme command
were tendered to and accepted by
the long acknowleded chief of the
simple, pardon us, we mean of the
pure and simple, "last ditch,"' un
compromising, unterrified Democracy.
It is scarcely necessary to say that
we refer to the distinguished mem
ber of the House of Representatives
from New Orleans, the lion. Edward
Ilooth--simplest among the simple
found, a jurist of the first waters, as
all who have read his political let
ters and heard his eloquent orations
must admlit. Surely he combines in
himself each and every qualification
which should be passed by a leader
who proposes to assume the role of
"State-saver."
With their circular letter the ami
able nineteen, "appreciating the sn.
prieme necessity" for instructing their
less intelligent political brethren of
the parishes, have kindly enclosed
"general suggestions from preamble
and resolutions," in which they
"whereas" the Demnocratic party out
of existence and "resolved" its i m
mediate reorganization through a
contention to be held on 22d Novem
ber, 1875.
Painful as it is todissent from what
"must be obvious to every thinking
man," and the nineteen are all think
ing as well as honorable men, we are
not prepared to admnit that there is no
Democratic party in Louisiana. and
we believe that no organization can
be effected in the manner and at the
time proposed which will not prove
detrimental to the interests of the
conservative people of the State.
The organization which, at the last
election, demonstrated beyond all
doubt that the Republican party was
in the minority in the State, is still
in existence, and can demonstrate
that fact again in 1876, if eternal dis
sension can be avoided.
The organization of the white peo
ple of Louisiana in 1874 was no mere
tempor'ary expedient, and was based
on a plane higher thalln can ever be
attaineid by more political parties. It
was a comtbination of all honest men
and good citizens, united for the sole
purpose of redeeming the State. The
causes which impelled them to so
combine are operating now, and will
operate in 1876, and the organization
already perfected should be and will
be maintained until a respectable
government is established in Louis
ina. The Democratic party was not
disbanded in 1874, but it was dragged
out of' thile last ditch, hlberalized and
strenigthlened by its alliance, or
"ftision," if that be the word, with all
elements and honest persons in tihe
State opposed to IRadical usurpation
and misrule.
If success in 1876 be desired, and
we presume no "thinking man" pre
fers defeat, that alliance or fusion
must he nmaintained. Conceding that
four-fifths of those who voted against
Rtadicalism in 1874 were and are Dem
oerats, it should also be conceded
that no conservative party can win
in 18"6, without thie assistance of the
remaining one-lifth, and those who
assnme to direct publie opinion
should, it would seen, endeavor to
keep united as firmly, at least as
they were then, all who combined in
1874 to rid Louisiana of thie fonl in
cubus forced on her by Federal bay
onets. -
Tihe movement for immediate re-or
ganization-apparently initiated by
time nineteen signers-is really attrib
itable, we believe, to other gentle
meun ot New Orleans, more or less
prominent in political circles, whose
object is not so much to organize as
it is to control thie Democratic party.
The desire to lead is not unnatural
and eonstitutes no serious objection
to those by whom it is entertained;
but the people are not particularly
interested iu the contest between
those who aspire to be leaders, and
compel such aspirants to take back
seats if their rivalry threatens any
serious dissensions in whieh the peo
pIe alone are also to be involved.
It is simply impraeticable to bold a
convention in November uext. The
State Central Committee, which m
reeently to consider that matter, de
cided that no eonvention was neces
sary apd their actions has been gen
erally approvedal. The white people of
Louislana, including the )Demnocratic
party, if they ehmoose so to term tlhem
selves, can and will be assemnbled in
convention at thle proper time, and
they will, we think, refuse to take
any great amount of stock in any
convention held this year, especially
in one avowedly call for the purpose
of protecting against measures long
since recognized by all "thinking
necn," exceplt, perlhapi thee lthought -
ftul nineteen, as ac/lplisihed facts,
whatever difference or opinion may
exist among our people as regard the
wisdom of those measures.- Shrere
port Times.
Somen capitalist would do a good
business by establishing a Bank
in this city. A large cotton crop
is to be moved, most of which will
require cash, and besides, dis
counting checks, &c., a large
speculative business cn a sure ba
sis can be r~foly transwteul,
IReligous Notice,
(nl :unntlay niExt. the 1!ith, all ti.
( ',,toy of the Il4riIeine of \a..1ito
,c.s, niill ,.eL t t the re'siden. e f
til hinght liev. Iishop Martin,
jhlin iIn I cllie:ca letreat to he c
ducte(d Iy the Rev. Father I)e !Ion"
of New Osleains. 1u,
Oni the following Sunday, the 2rth
the Ilishop will lofficiate ipntificalli'
and confei iholy orders on lfie you.
clergvIynen, lately from Europe.
O() that same day, the Right R,v.
sl'thop will celebrate the fiftieth an.
nliversary of Iis elevation to the
Priiesftlmold, :1; ye.uar of which have
been, spent in the Untited States,2i
in Natchitohles. On that occasio
the tmorning sermon shall be preh.
eId by Father l)c Haln; the evening
seiion in English. by Father lie
Thie Richllandl Ieacoan tikes t
same view of the call that we do,it
says:
Seeing no necessity for immeiate
political action and breaking the
peace iand quiet that now reigasis
the parish anti perhaps giving a cheek
to industry at a very busy seeom,
the people of Rlichland will hold as
mass-meetings or conventions this
fall, thinking there will be time
enough in 1876 to conduct the cam.
p:rig n of 1876. lBut we guarantee
rhat, when the time does come in
their opinion to act, they will be
found at their posts, ready to do
their ditty ns promptly and cheerful.
ly in the future as the have in the
past.
In fact We find that bat few par
ishes favor this early political move
msnt. The moment, however, that
the radical party begins its organ
ization, we should at once go to weir
and perfect our organization.
-- ----*-~~---
General L. Pope Walker, the first
Secretary of the Southern Confedera
cy, was elected President of the
Alabama Constitutional Conventole '
by a unanimous vote. Upon tahing
his seat he made a speech, in whbih
he said:
In well ordered governments cor.
stitntional coiventions should be, as
indeed they are, of rare occurrence,
as changes in the fuindamental 14w
ought only to be made whoen demnld
ed by the progress and needs of civ
ilization. To hasten slowly aad
change gradually is the highest wb
doms of government. Republican in.
stitutions rest upon tihe common sm
telligence of the people. Tlerefore
one of the highest duties of RIepbli.
can government is the education of
the masses to fit them for the race eo
progress. There is no progress with.
out education as there is no civils.
tion without intelligence. The truest
statesmanship is that which as gem~s
ralizes principles as to render them
flexible in their adaptability to the
progress and needs of civiliatie..
Let is endeavor to give to our pre
ceediugs this characteristic, and frame
a comprehensive constitution, enliilt
ened aild non-partisan. alike jusa to
all classes, protective of all inters,
as equal in its burdens as in its hene.
fits.
The crvents of the last decade hbse
eliminated from our institutions the
only element of national contromvery.
Let ius recognize thie flact with a hmeld
significannece and incorlorate into tIe
constitution the national spirit ofthe
iation.al law of thie perfect political
and civil equality of all ngen ofwih't
ever race, color or previous ecodi
tion.
It is amusing to see thie LouisaN
carpet baggers and scallawags stit
ing to wriggle into respectability ad
talking as though they were embraced
in the reconciliatory movement whisk
is now going on between the North
and Sonth. They talk glibly of ti.
era of good will, and their ps
notice ever reconceialiatory "g'
with exultation. These rasea am
entirely mistaken. There are as
terms of reeonciliation in which thbe
people of Louisiana will .give tie
countenancee. We sincerely hope e
are upon thie eve of a better feaediag
between tie two sections; bet e
are not now, nor ever will be, up
tihe eve of a better feeling trindl
band of poerjurers and thieves vhs
have fattened on our saubestae. b
conciation between the Nrth aid
the 8oath, s far from giving them
scoundrels respectability aid east
nance in Louisiana, will hsatenlnle
hour of their destruetion as power
in oulr polities. They can mnever
cure the countenance of the heat
people of this State, though they in
escapeo tie forther notice of the aeU*
try by retiring to that iguomialnm
obscurity from which they osell
never hIave emerged, and in the alime
and shims of whiclh they wmould atn
continued to exist had not the waves
of civil revolution washed them u,
to infect with their dirt sad steiel
thie atmosphere of our polition
Sihreveiort Tites.
The Washington Republic says
there will be no "change of base
with the IRadical party. We sup
pose not, for they have about
reached the wall, where utter is
nihilation awaits them in 1870.
Grant says, "let no guilty as1
escape,." What ehanee des Ie
stanid in that hour of blows.
We call attention to the Cad
of J. C. Denis in to-day's iesse.
I)r. J. S, 8tephens acts as the
Agent for him. All persons de
sirous of dloing business with this
houase, will apply to him at his of
flee, on 2d street.
.. . ,--- - . -.
Messrs. Bullard & Campbdl
hlave received and are openings
large stock of fresl gmoodsAt their
old sttandl on Front street.
Sonime dastard pied tie La. St1'
Register olee and we extemiital
ympathices to Collins for his i~ap
Although Republican, we are
to say tlhat the La. State RegiSIe
in time hablit of teaching thiinesi as
tlheyare.,
Will sofne friend give us a godU l
remedy for chlicken claldera ?
Sulbscribo to the Viudicator,