Largest Circulation of dlaay
Co'antry Paper in the State.
Rates of Subscription.
One Year...................... 42 30
i Months...................... 1
No subscription taken for les than 1
months.
SATURDAY ----- .DEC, 7, I;-7.
Special Notice.-Caivil B3rai.'F-. o
Vernon parish, is the duly authuriz'
agent for the V'INDCATCoI( in Vernon pIir
slab, and all contracts IIadn byI him wdil
be fully ratified and carried ouit by is.
E. F. Pressley and J.. Ii. Caldwell, ar'
our agent8 for Sabine.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
YNo Judicial aldrertisemwent will l)(
inserted in this paper hereafter, N"
less the Attorney beeonUs secflrlty
for the adlertising bill, whirh mlunst
be paid on FIRST INSERTION, or
they wcill be discontinued.
PARISH AND C'IT'Y NEWS
LOCAL ULEANINGS.
see Mr. James C. Moise's Photograph
io advertisement.
Elegant stock of Cloaks just re'
eived at H. A. Walnmsley's.
$Ivun Nsws.-Tho Ilehan and Jewel
were our week's arrivals. Bringing good
hfreights at card rates. Cottonl out $2 50
per bale.
Chew JACKSON'S Best Sweet Navy
Tobacco. Nov. 30-1ly.
Roundabout has planted himself in the
Court House and our citizens will have
it all.
Ii Gloves and Hosiery of all kinds
at J. A. DUCOuRNAU's.
Saturday and Sunday last were dis.
agreeable. Ccld drizzly dlays. Win
terish all over.
Edging and Insertinlg at H. A.
Walmeley's.
W are rpleased to minet our Ipopulari
friend W. P. Hall District Attorney, who
i nofw attendling his Inborious duties in
court at this place. Mr. Hall is in tine
health and looks eheerful and happy.
We gain custom to keep it, H.
A. Walmsley & Co.
Court week crowds out streets. Our
friends from the country are in large
numbers, and we hope they will not for
get the VIMDICATOu.
Money saved, is money made,
call at H. A. Walmsley's.
Our old friend Peter Veuleman has re
turned from a summer jaunt in Europe.
He is looking younger than ever and
opens at his old stand a first class stock
of groceries. He patronizes the VrNrDI
CAToR and will succeed of course.
Cheapest House in town, H. A.
Walmsley's.
We note with pleasure the appearance
m our streets of James Atkinson, Esq.,
who lost his arm ill the defence of right
lasteammer. For a time'. serious dlobts
wee eatertained of his recovery, but he
has come through with the loss of his
right arm. his heart, however, is in the
right place.
Great reduction in prices at H.
A. Walmiley's.
Our popular merchant and friend H.
A. Walmuley, Esq., has also joined the
very laree army of Benedicts now strug
gling in a state of double happiness
through this world. We extend thanks
for an invitation to attend his Iunptuals
which took place at Winchester, Tenn.
on the 3d inet. The happy bride is Miss
Anna Wilkinson, sister of our young
townsman W. B. Wilkinson, Esq.
New goods just opened at H. A.
Walmhley's.
Mr. T. E. Thonmpson who has charge of
Weak' salt works in Winn parish pre
sented us with a bottle of grape wine of
his own make, which we pronounce ex
eellent and far superior to any we have
seen raised in this country. He also pre
sented us with specimene of corn, oats
potatoes and turnips, which he raise-d on
a piece of deserted land by applying
manure. His corn is of a large grain,
erss, measuring 15 inches, and the yield
to the acre 30 bushels ; oats 40 bushels;
sweet potatoes300 bushels; and his tur
nips measuring 18 inches in circumference.
He feeds his stock with the latter.
Hosiery and Gloves at H. A.
Walmsley's.
Isr drery sound be dead!
Baby sleeps.
The Emperor softly tread I
Baby eleeps.
Let Mozart's music atop!
Let Phidias's chisel drops I
Baby sleeps.
Demosthenes be dumb?
Our tyrant's hour has come !
Baby sleeps.
Xev York CJruecial.
Dty Goods at New Yotk prices
.at H. A. Walmsley's.
Puuoiu1..-Allen Wheeler, Esq., visit
.4 the Vindicator during the week.
Our devours are due and extended to a
lrgse nmber of citizens who dlid us the
lonor of a eall last week. Among the
uag we remember were W. 0. Brea
ale Esq., Police Jury member elect
hoas ward 4. Meseers. Joseph Henry,
McDonald, Riedhimer, Johnson, Hill,
*Sompayrw3 and Deblieux from same
yard. Messrs. Kile and Dowden from
ward8. Messrs Massey, Cromp, and Jen
ginge from ward 5. Mesers. Trammel,
Otvear, Carter aiid &carborough fromn
ward 6. Ieesrs. Charleville, Benoist and
Maranovich from Cloutierville. And
Csue . Wheeler, Prudholnme Lat
tier and Grhilmes from Isle Brevelle.
oash will never uy .cheaper
shsa now.-go to B. A, Wawlas
ey a and ee if thi is no ttrue.
Life on thie Ocean Ware.
* Fr ot the Time,-Journal.
LorLor Lorne stood onil the quarter tdeck
1J Whrucie all but he had tl-eu
lWhere is mly owin. my prloud 1.+1 40'!"
- 1e with emotion sa:iid.
But as the good ship hove anirc st'.
U There cantl no cheering, word
The pla'dshing of the Ipalllewhel
Was all the oundl he heard.
Lonise- Lnise "'' he loudly shrieked
'MIht fair of all on earth :"
l Ie knew inot that the Princes.s ;l.y
t All seasick in hir t;.rth.
Ile rushetld into hr pilot house
ill
Anil climb di the iiizztinmastt
. Anti fromi the tooisail on the shlirouitds
11e braived the blighting blast.
1: you the mnaintoptgtlant jilt
As wildtl the good ship lurchetd
I upon I ie cros trees and the yartds
1ie for tile Princess streahrcd.
All up and downt the martingale
cAnd on1 the spanker boom.
r lisearchedtl, but searichoted in vain, his soul
Was rappetd in awful gloom.
 And then at last he heard a voice,
And this was what it said:
'Coime down, dear Lorne' I'm: awful sick
Conme down :and hold my head !"
Sure road to )IprosperCity-the
road to H. A, Wallusley's store.
C'arver'm oltd statitt, Front Street,
Natehitoches, which in tilled to
d overflowing with an elegant stock
Sjust from New York andl Esttetrn
Markets.
y Roundabout.
'"Thllre' chile among yev taking notes
And Faith he'll print 'on.
I '( "O)h there's Inot inl this world,
'e A pleasure so sweet,
As to sit. near' the windlow
And tilt tilt your fo6t,
And pull at the Cuba
Whose flavor just suite,
Antd gaze at the world
"f'wixt the toga of your boots.
Don't yot think so, Mr. Editor, es
pecially since you sport that new Imeer
schaunm ?
One of the most recent cases o` absent
mindedness that. "lionntdy" has knoiwn,
r iy that of a ctart:usi house-tmaid whIo at
temIpted to stir up thie tire in a ied roomu
I with a pone of corn treatd intended tfor
the breakiist tabttle of a certain thutnily
in this city.
The residence on the corner of Second
and St I)Denis streets, accidently caught
lire on Friday the 29th Nov. hut as it oc
' curred at noon, the flames were extin
c guished without doing much damage.
Natchitochtes has been a fortunate city
as regard conflagrations, yet our citizens
cannot be too careful about this danger
ons element.
Speaking of fire and our exemption
front its devtastation, "Roundy" suggests
that it would be a good idea to organize
both a Fire Company and a Hook and
k Ladder Company. There is plenty of
energetic material to form both organ
iiation such as exists in every village and
hamlet in the land. Let sonme one move
in the matter.
More intimidation ! This time on the
part of the "bloody shirt" element of the
great and ulorious United States, Fonr
t U. S. Marshals arrived here last Sunday
" with warrants for the arrest of hight
b minded, peaceable citizens and that too
" at the instance of such a mongrel hybrid
asJ. R. Horushy. Several citizens in the
lower portion of the Parish were arrested
and brought here last Wednesday. They'
quietly submitted to this outrage on
their liberty, knowing full well that they
had naught to extenuate or set down in
malice.
The arrival of the Deputy Marshals
caused some excitement endl no little
anxiety at first, as to whom they would
apprehend. This was succeeded by a
, feeling of indignation as they were very
reticent about their blsinese. However,
it does not matter now what their action I
may be. They have only high-toned
gentlemen and respectable citizens to
deal with, and neither roughs nor a'mob.
They will answer to the call whenever
they are wanted.
"Roundy" rather opines that the "per.
secution business" against citizens of the
South, is about a "played out" employ
ment, and it is about time his Eraudulent
Excellency of these United States, bonuld
adhere to his linut of po icy, or he might
pull down a brick tower about his ears.
Just mount a whiskey barrel on legs
and set it to preambulating in a respect
able community, clothed with a little 4
brief anthority, if you desire to witness t
huge disgust and indignation among the
people.
"Roandy" suggests that when our
citizens are taken hence, dragged from a
their homes and families, at thebeck and ,
nod of petty tyrants, that our entire
community give them a grand send off,
expressive of how "we the people" feel I
about this outrage. Keep the outrage
mill grinding, but let those who furnish t
the motive power beware lest they be i
caught between the upper and nether
mill-stones and be ground to impalpable
dust.
Our city has been alive with people t
this week, brought hither by the District I
Court and a desire to purchsse presents g
and family supplies for' the holidays. 0
The streets are daily blocked with
wagons, and businessis quite lively since I
the advent of our New Orleans Packets.
PIovisions are cheaper in this section
than has been known for 20 years, and
money is correspondingly scarce, c
11
The ladies of the Episcopal Aid Soci
ety opened a series of Sociables at the a
residence of Capt. W. E. Russell, last b
'Wednesday night, which will be contin
ned weekly during court. Each visitor
contributes to a npite box, anything de
sired, in the way of small change, and
during the evening a lunch is furnished
gratis. Music, games of varions kinds,
and sociality generally, are indulged in
and make these gatherings very pleasantI t
and agreeable.
GooIs shown with pleasure at a
2, A.~ alapa3elrb; . ·
(old! Yes Circe, at night. Pleasant,
clear days. )December ihais set in wintry,
sure eniiough. "Roundy" hnugs the tire,
in llolr,, and out of doors Wraps hitmself
in his-nuot fars-l utt garmiento all tat- I
tIred alui turl, andl seeks a Innch house
to appease his ueverlastiug app-t ite.
Bishop Leroy arrived here aInst Tuoes
day to the great joy of his people. lHe
was cordially welconmed and aboul t 11
o'clock a. ui., the church bclls ranig out a
merry pieal of greetiug. This reminds
"Roundy" that a citizen pulled out his
watch when he heard the hells. and
thinking it wcs noon tide set up his time
piiece a full hour, making it mark 12 im.
Sundayll night there was a cry of fire
It wansa chimney hnrning out this time,
at tho rresidence of Mrs. Bondridge, jnst
west of the Court House. No damage
done as it was raining eavily at the
tiue.
The vendors of cakes, pies and colffo
are superlatively happy just now, and
d their stands ornament the Hall of the
Court hlouse, inviting the hungry to
cove up, and for a consideration, ap
pease the cravings of the inner-man.
The genial "phiz" of Peter Veuleman
kgreeted '"Roundy" last Tuesday, after a
lengthy absence In the "ould country."
8e Peter was welcomed by a host of friends
. nd hans opened a cheap grocery and pro
vision store at his old stand.
Court in progressing with a vim, but
the indications are that the session will
not he a lengthy one as both civil and
Scrimninal dockets are light. The Court
room is generally well filled with citizens
of both classes.
How about the street lamps? Don't
let the good work flag, because the moon
shines bright, these cold, wintry nights.
It t'will be dark by and by, and then
the roamer will cry-'"More light -dark
night." Whoop 'enm up!
"Roundy" esconced himself in a corner
of the Court room, the second day of the
term, when he was "squatted" on by a
gigantic citizen, and his corns tread on
iby a flatfooted Ethiopian and he hallooed
t "Onch !" The Judge said sternly, "Mr.
Sheriff, bIring that offender here if you
-can tind him." "Roundy" skeedaddled
through the railing, hurried out of the
r Court room, caught his foot in a hole of
Sthe ragged matting, at the head of the
steps, rolled down two flights, and then,
I considerably "shook up," betook himself
to more genial quarters. Oh, Lordy!
what a trial this item hunting is, to be
sure !
Prognoscitat bonum whiskyam. Mae
balibus muchum. Quirlitatus est con
, sidilevabus upem on pavementum,
SHoorayibus pro United States for bonum
hominum qui :amat toddyum heapum.
Whartonium sondum malarium hominem
venit New Orleanilus. Scat! Giteout i
s
"Roundy"believe in doing justice to
Swhom it is due and is informod that the
f three Deputy Marshals who made the
Sarrests at Cloutierville and in the vicinity
I are spoken of in terms of commendation
by citizens, for their affability and gentle
manly deportment. Had "Roundy"
3learned their names, he would cheerfully
give the public the information as to
r 'ho they are.
Some Houses will not exchange
> goods or refund the money when
the goods don't suit--H. A.
Walmsley & Co., do it!
The New York World submits the '
folloswing questions, as "Christmas t
prizes," and desires answers thereto:
1. Have there ever been any oar
dinalds in the Church of England not I
of Roman appointment ? j
n. What was Licifer's Lawsuit, and i
in wlhat particular did~it resemble the <
Vanderbilt case ?
3. Find a parallel in history for the
misconduct at the Berlin Congress of
Prince Bismarck's big dog Tyras.
4. Who was it said that if a certain
beautiful woman's nose had been p
shorter the history of the world would (
have been changed ? And who was a
the woman ? (
5. What do you think the most re- t
markable instance in history of great
events flowing from a trifling cause ?
6. Who invented milk-pnoch I I
7. When did the first rebellion oc
8. Who wrote the familiar lines,
"There is a happy land
Far, far away" ? t
9. Who wrote the lines,
"Rattle his bones over the stones,
He's only a pauper w1hm nobody owns" ?
10. State any point of resemblance
between Achilles and the author of I
the well-known lines, i
"Her feet beneath her petticoat a
Like little mice stole in and out ?" B
11. Do you believe in tbe story of
William Tell? State your reasons
either way, and briefly. a
12. What is the origin of the phase, h
"getting into a scrape" ?
13. Has it ever been settled 'who
wrote "Rock Me to Sleep, Mother"? ,
If to, who did write it 7
14. Who first used the phase "a
toad eater," or what was the origin of
it d
15. Who wrote the linee,
"Here's a cup to the dead already; d
Hurrah for the next who dies" ?
16. Who designed the actual flag of
the tUnited States, and what mug- '
gested it F '
17. Who made the riddle on the li
letter H beginning: a
"'Twae in Heaven pronounced and 'twas 8
muttered in Hell. a
Ana Echo caught faintly the sound as it
fell"?
18. Who wrote the poem, h1
"'Twasthe night berteChrintmas" t 0
19. Why are London policemen d
called "peelers" and Now York po- I
licemen "cope"?9
20. Who was William Puttergon ft
and who struck, and why ha! every- P
body been so mueh intereste& to know a
who struck him I tl
a
- 8
Bonnet and Sash Ribbons at B. a
A. Walmsley's. 4
New styles in Searfs and Neck- fi
ties at H. A, Walmeley's.
The busiest place i. where price'
are the loweat-that is E>A.
Wahamialeys.
t, Fo h ruran
. Methodist Prote3laut Chuirch,
The thrirt-zsixth bc .iý,n H.+"10 Arikan
Ifian an ; Louistanar, Anusual ( nufa r, n e ,,: ,
i- the Methodist Protestant ('hurch, col'
a vened at 31t. Zion Church in Wiun jisi
ish, La., on the 22d day of Novemer,ui
1878. And was opened witih rligiant
exercise by the 1'resident, JvUV. .1. 31. I'.
A Hickerson, L. L. 1).
Thl Confer.' ecO RIoli was called a,
Sollows: .. 3j . P. Hickernor, .l. W. .Har)
a eor, E. C.Hrn. arn, C. . M(rrinson, OI. li.
Is Hellrn, .J. . Strickland, David N1. l:ntu
iterson, Thiunomas Ilear, L. C Warwick,
Wiun. F. Winghiold, Jasy. 1 Smith. T. T.
d Wiley. ,i. M1. P. Sturgei, i3. 11. linfur,
a H. 31. Ragan, W. J. Atwood, U. 11. Smith,
,). P. Patton, J. E. 31onzings. Win. Shep
herd, W. M. P'latt, Washington Vines, A.
SF'. Patterson.
, Laymen : .1. HI. Freeman, S. C. Kenne
dy J. MI. Anderson, J. S. Piekering. J.1
't G. Bailey, S. 31. Ikearu, Joel Young, Jas.
A Christy and W. H. Jordan.
S 1)r. Hliekerson was. re-elected Presi
dent of the Cofor.ene for the ensuing
year, 1and Dr. Harper was elected See
0 roetary.
d President Ilickerson read his annual
address to Con(ference, which was order
'o0 ed to be published with the Minutes.
o The usual Commnittees were appointed
b ly the Chair, except those required to
be done by ballot.
The character of all the Ministers were
n Iexamilned and passed.
a William Shepherd. Wi. 31. Platt,
,, Washington Vines, and Albert F. Pat
terson were admitted into the traveling
is Ministry.
- On Sunday at the close of an eloquent
and able Sermon preached by Rev. J.
W. Harper, D. 1)., two candidates, Rev.
It Jas. P Patton and Rev. W. M. Platt,
11 wero Ordaiuned for the office of Elder, by
the President, J. M. P Hickerson, D. D.
SL. L. D., assisto d by Rev. C. 8. Morrison
rt and Rev. J. W. Harper, D. D.
is This Ordination Service was perform
ed with great solemnity and ease; mak
ing a very great impression on the vast
't audience present.
S In the evening, the Rev. J. M. D. Stur
Sgis, one'of the young Ministers, preached
with great pathos and ability, greatly to
a the satisfaction of the audience.
k Dr. Hickerson declined preaching on
the occasion, for the reason that he ex
pected to visit this country several times
r during the year, as the chief Executive
of the Conference.
The Statistical Report shows an in
a crease of membership of about five hun
n dred. And the Chnrch was shown to be
d in an unprecedentedly prosperous con
dition. Her Ministers are able and ac
ceptable; equal, probably to any other
n Church in the country.
d The Conference was supported by the
,g citizens in first-class style, and the busi
ness was transacted with great harmony
if after organization.
e After the business was all transacted,
, on Monday evening the appointments of
I the preachers for another year were an
nounced by the President, Rev. Dr.
Hickerson, as follows:
SPresident of Conference-J. M. Hicker
son.
First District-J. M. D. Sturgis, Chair
man.
Camden Circuit-J. R. Strickland
I, Pastor.
n Atlanta Circuit-J MD Sturgis, Pastor.
Columbia Circuit-B. W. Dufur, Pas
tor; E. C. Hearn, Associate.
S Henderson Circuit-Wm. M. Platt,
SPastor.
Little Bay Mission-G. H. Smith,
0 Pastor.
e Union Mission-Albert F. Patterson,
e Pastor.
Second District-J. W. Harper, Chair
man.
U Claiborne Circuit-J. W. Harper, Pas
-tor ; J. R. Smith, Associate.
" Rice Circuit-O. R. Hearn, Paster.
Hicks Circuit-C. S. Morrison, Pastor.
Strickland Cironit-J. P. Patton, Pastor
) Sabine Mission-W. J. Atwood, Pastor.
Farmerville Mission - Washington
Vines, Pastor.
Wm. Shepherd was loaned to the
I North Mississippi Conference.
1 Thos. Hearn was placed on the Super
annuated list.
T. T. Wiley and L. C. Warwick, were
left without an appointmrent at their
own request.
W. F. Wingflel and D. M. Em.Jneraoze
were left in the hands of the President :
H. M. Ragan and J. E. Monzingo, were
S transferred to hbe unetationed list, af
: their own request.
The Session was altogether avy
i ptearsant a harmonious ope. khe Mins
Ssters and other members of Conference
joined in ascribing gre h0onor and
I praise to Mr. Matt Me~ane and his band
of Singers, for leading in the music on
the occasion, which was very fine in
deed.
The following Resolution was passed
unanimously, by a rising vote:
Resolved, That as a Conference, we
extend to the citizens around Mount
Zion, and the town of Montgomery, La.,
our hearty thanks for the princely man
nor in which they have supported our
Conference and cared for us as members
thereof.
A parting Hymn was then sung by Mr.
Matt. McKane and the Conference. Af.
ter which prayer was offered by Dr.
Harper, and the benediction was pro
nounced by the President.
A complete stock of Yankee No.
tions at II. A. Walmsley's.
A Darky's Opinion,
Old Tom Forney, a Southern dar
ky, well known in Kansas City, where
he settle down after the war, made a
stamp speech a few days ago at Fort
Madison to a mingled audience of Re
publicans and Democrats, as follows:
e"telore ettizena, both colored and
white-I am glad in the honor of your
hearing me to speak in this great old
Democratie town of Fort Madison, I
want all you to koew for a fact I am
not a 'Publican nor nothing of that
ring-tailed sort, but I's a straight
Greeabacker. And what I wants to
tell my colored friends is that we
don't owe nothing to old Abe Lincumn
nor any other politician for our free
dom, but we owes our liberty to Jeff.
Davie. Jeff. Davis, dat's de man
who gave as our freedom. Lincum
wrote to Jeff. Davis and told him to
lay down his armos and quit fighting
and le should keep allihe darkies in
slavery, but if he would not lay his
arms away, then rn one hundred days
he would free all the colored men,
women and children. Old Jeft. said
he would'nt quit fightitbg, and at the
end of one hundred days Lincom then
declared us free and tol4 as take
guns and help whip old Jeff. So, old
Liocom made the proelamstion to 4
free us for spit., and not because he
pared for us, that's for fact. .r:
now I tells my colered frtid at
the 'Publican sharks cna't " s no
more-so they. can't, / f I
and when I works foryu ecars they ,
always pay eo, oen I works :
for 'Publicaos.~ antsme o tke
old shoes or . elethes,. asid says,
"Cone e lao~otr s 'Publicans
freed -r "
-d~a1~Inn
.aosue in
low Immo ýý, ,~
Of 110l) R10-1 Pierson, District
.Judge, il the Cranti tin;.
I ) ecuhbr ''erm, I ~.
', ihe i1!1ow ing i3 ano I rI t. "t 'Roti n the
r.f i I chitr of th ile l f; ict r 110 to
te ti ud Jnity at the l''rtt trim of
t, e Colrt. .p1an othtr mat tse of pih
1lit intertes.t wverr me~t Toned it, the 01.11
o rate itetructitns of titerJuilide,. An hour
aund a quarter Lavin- been occupied in
I'. the ldelivery oft he charge
Ir, Youi have Ibeeit selectedi, emipannelled
ha ndl suort acctling ti law, us the Grand
- Juryn of this puaish for the presitnt term
A of the Court, and it only remunins for
you to receive the clharge of the Court
e- l-fore einteritg upon the discharge of
1"your most iumportant and delicate duties.
Th. o charge which I siam required to give
you is inutended to aid yon ii your la
Sbors ; it will consist of instruetions as to
ug your general duties, andil special dliree
'c tious as to particular Statutes And first
of all, you shoutl understand and ap
p ºreciati thu importance of your trust.
t- No body of men are brought together by
tbhe commands of the law upon whom a
graver responsibility rests than upon
to yourselves. Upon your faithful action
depends the otnforcemont of the laws of
re the land, and the, peace and good order of
society. All civilized cotummunities have
tt, found it necessary to adolpt certain rules
it-of action called laws. 'These rules in our
i country are made and published by the
people themselves, through Legislatures;
itand hence whatever we find upon the
J. Statute books of this State are rules
" adopted by the mass of the people for
tt, their own beuefit and protection.
'y These Statute books contain many laws
D adopted from time to time as the exegon
>n cies of the occasion required, and among
others, are certain Statutes called penal
°- laws-or laws which affix and impose a
- certain penalty or punishment to the
st omission or commission of certaiu acts.
It is with these latter you have most
r- particularly to deal-you are constituted
da special tribunal to look after their
to faithfulexecution, and to protect the so
ciety in which you live; and it is largely
le it with you, under a conscientious sense
' of duty, as to who among your citizens
es shall be arraigned and tried for their
M violation.
You are selected by lot frout among the
' intelligent people, and summoned here to
°- investigate matters affecting your local
1e interest, charged with the duty of up.
n holding society so far as the punishment
0- of crime can do it. The higest incen
er tive to human action-your ownu interest
as citizens impells you to a full and can
.e did discharge of this duty. It is because
' of this interest and your presumed per.
'y sonal knowledge of facts that you are
d theus constituted a part of the legal ma
o chinery in the administration ofjustice.
Who else can be affected as yourselves
n- by a lax and careless administration;
r. who else can know or ascertain as you,
the facts and circumstances attending
r the commission of crime Again, upon
whom can so justly beo thrown the ree
r- poneibility of enforcing the laws? Hence,
the important powers you have. With
d out your presentment no capital crime
can be tried or punishment be indflicted,
r. In all cases involving life, the first step
s- towards a trial must be taken by you,
and in all other cases the law looks first
t, to you for an accusation. Therefere, it
lies in your power to make a community
b, what you will have it be. If you simply
go through with the forms of duty-at
n, tend Court, take'an oath as Jurors sit in
your rooms a reasonable number of days,
r- make a final report and return to your
homes, your parish may be afflioted with
3- turbulence, disorder and anarchy. On
the other hand, it will enjoy the bless
fugs of peace, good order, full redress for
r. every wrong, swift and sure punishment
,r for every crime-law will be respected
r. and obeyed, if you do your duty fearless
f ly, faithfully, not only in the letter, but
in the spirit of the law.
le As Grand Jurors, you are exercising
the very highest functions of govern
r- ment itself. It is a mistake tosuppose
that the public offcers of the country
are solely responsible for the faithful ex
:r ecution of the laws, for whilst an oficer
may by corript means, or inaction, pre
) veitW -sice being done, yet, the most
t itnd zealous. oflhslala are power
e less to arrest the march of crime unless
I supported aud aide .by good citizeus
and juries.; Abl e~ slare of the respon
V siliility relsupp e citizens. To put t
a clifjinal upon 'trial a body of esiteen
e citizens known as a Giand Jury, must
d indict, and to convict and punish, anoth
d er body of citizens must unanimously I
n pronounce his guilt. The power of the
I- mnass of the people over such matters is
exemplified ti the fact that anunmber of
ii laws remain dead letters upon the Stat
ute books for the want of execution by
e juries. We have all heard Judges from
t our boyhood specially charge rand Ja
., ries relative to the crime of carrying con
Si cealed weapons, and yet, how prevalent
r the practice, and how seldom is it pun
'5 ished.
There are other ways in which ititzens
r. can, and in many sections do assist in the
l adminestration of the laws, besides per
r. forming service as Jnrors. Prompt and
- willing assistance given to the Sheriff in
the execution of process, or hot persuit
under the bli and cry, would prevent the 1
, escape of the perpetrators of shocking
crimes. Wherever the moral sentiment
of a community is shocked py crime, it
is a rare occurrence that a onminal es
capes, and nothing deters evil doers so
much as the certainty of speedy punish
- ment. Let it be understood in any given
* community that any violation of the law
will be promptly punished, and that
a community will enjoy tranquility and
4 peace. These remarks are made to illus
Irate the importance of vigilance on
: your part. And now, gentlemen, as a
ci new era has dawned upon our State--an
r era in which laws are made by the peoe
d ple for the benefit of the people them
r selves, it behooves asas citizens, jurors
and offBcials, to enforce them, and to ap
peal to the tribunals constituted by law
i for the redressof every wrong. Whatever
t necessity may have existed in this State
0. in times past for summary vengeance, it
e cannot be said to exist now, and all ex.
Sperience proves that the example of one
lawful conviction and punishment, after
an impartial public trial, has a more r
salutary effeot than summary vengance
upon a hundred. It should be constant- i
o ly inculcated that we live under a gor
D ernment of our own choice, that tlj to
r government is one of written lasind sil
plain that he who runs may rtnity to
that we have a grave reep91j the fair
discharge, not only to nad down to
name of our land, bntk' well regale- a <
our children the legaej,
ted and orderly .f6 not merely the ace
Gentlemenso, citizens. I) is as much
Ssore of ouyafford protection to the in* -
5your dul'ooarraign the guilty and what
nooliecta the public interest, whether
IW'denounced by penal statutes or not,
ou hare the right to investigate aad
*hony 4?tq yoar~rqpot$ shouldas of- ~i
eco~~tnsra1Iablcthe Ereeatih and legria- Al
lative departments of the government as at
presentments for crijne shall reach the ic
jadittia, you are the grand inquest for
four parisl in every thing that pertains gi
a thegood of the community. . as
The osth you have just taken is the
best guide as to your particular duties.. -
You are to diligently inquire and true
presentment make of all such mattere
and things as shall be given you in
cbarge; that ie, ou are to use your ut
most efforts to diseover the evidence of (
sach crlme as you may know er suspeet k.
to have been comunitted, iot, to wait for
other pessom to- appear before ou and U
rsps . rely upon jh9 a er tht die.
trict atioilriy to proulii' N t itti . b; -
fore yea. Thert y3ott are to piei.i, 1,n
one from nv"y, hatred or moalti, u, d I1r
are oill to *leave any ito uinl t . tt
frio fear. favor, re11:rn i 1r 111" 1hv I
thereof, but that yon will lr " ]t ai l
lthinigs trIuly as they naiy on111 ti yiur
kio' Iltdg to the best it lo th0 ; : i t 11
derstanding. In a word you are to to $
impartially, lhanishin.: front ser' winds
erYiy tieliing so tar as IhIuI11an1 i liI t1inav
will permit that is ciletlated to hoia
your judgmnlunt, and, with truth a tlhe
sta:dardof all your nacts. llilress y'llur
ielves to the task before you forgit t ing
friiiendl. forigiving foes. If thle weak art
oppressed let no fear of con(tseqrtnces
lprevenlt you front affordli g protcrtitt;
if the strong man is in the toils of the
law, liet no hope of reward, no 6cjnl
consideration, shield him fromt puitish
mnent. Let the same stern justice he
fmoted out to the rich and poor, imui
and strong, lblack and white, :1l are
ilu:l: before the law, tnone so exalted as
tobu hbeyond its reach Your oath Hiso
requires that tihe counsels of thiu Ntati
and your follows you will keep secret,
and no lapse of time can absolveo you
front that obhgation.
Much has been said, and umany grave
charges have been made in the public
Sprints, andtl Otherwisei , in Iregard to the
violation ot the rights of oitizeus at the
late election. I charge you that it is
your duty to inquire into, and investi
. gate these matters. TIlhe laws of this
Stato provide ample redress for every in
jnry to person, property, habitation pub
lie order, and police, and your body is
the proper authority to pIrosecute, and
this court the proper tribunal to punish,
any violations of these laws in this par
ish. If upon diligent inquiry and in
vestigation you should be watistlioed that
ra crime has been oonmmitted by white or
black men against white or black min),
whether pertaining to the rights of prop
erty, franchise, liberty, habitation, repu
tation, or other rights, you should Tpre
sent such offender in order that punish
ment may be inflicted, and the mtaje ty
of the law vindicated. On the other
hand if false and elanderous charges
have been made against a community, or
individuals you should be as readlly to
r exculpate the innocent, and to expose,
in a public report the authors of calum
ny.
Do your duty without, fear, favor or
affection and all will be well.
the Estiuate Parisuh Expenses,
to
cal Natohitoches, Oct. 21st, 1873.
ap. To the lion. President and Members of
ant the Police Jury of the Parish of Natch
en- itoches.
est Gentlemen:-I have the honor to sub
11- mit for your oonsideration, the following
use Estimate of the amount required for the
oer. payment of the Expenses of this Parish
Ire for the yeir 1879, viz: Sheriff's salary,
na- per annum, except maintaining prisoners
ce* in jail, conveying prisoners to Peniton
ree tiary; expenses in pursuing criminals
n; outside of the Parish; conveying priso.
Dul ners from another State under reqjuisi
ng tion; executing prisoners condemned to
'on death, and the collection of forfeited
0a- Bonds. Two thousand dollars, $2000 00
Ce, Clerk Dist. Court, salary per
h- annum 300 00
rue Clerk Police Jury " " " 300 00
td. Pres'nt " ' " "" 200 00
ep Parish Attorney " 300 00
)n, Parish Treasurer " " 300 00
vt Parish Constable " " 150 00
It Magistratee &Constables Fees, 300 00
ty Pay and mileage of members of
ily Police Jury, 700 00
it- Pay of Jurors, 1500 00
in Pay of Witnesses, 800 00
9s, Paupers, 600 00
ur Jail Expenses for maintaining
th prisoners, 800 00
)n Contingent and general expenses 3550 00
Is
`or $11,700 00
it Very Respectfully,
ed (Signed) A. E. LEMEE,
- Parish Treasurer.
ut
FOR SALE.
og
n- O\NE Second hand Ruggles Jobber, in
so geod condition. For Terms and price
ry apply to E. C. PALMER. & CO.
x- Fe . 2 tt New Or eanuse. La
e
st
or
aW DI L ODI
as Parsons' Purgative Pills make New
Ric Blood, and will completely change
nt the blqod in the entire system in three
mon ntls Any peoison who will take I
t pill each night from 1 to 12 weeks may be
restored to sound health, If such a thing
Sbe possible. Sent by mall for 8 letter
e stamps. I Johnson & Co, Nov. 16 4w
of HOMER MIAONIC INsTITTE
'm FOR YOUNG LADIES.
U- ..-
nNineteenth Annual Sesrsion Begins Sept.
4th, 1878.
no
he UýFFICIENT TEACHERS will ll every
r- UDepartment. Especial attention giv
ad en to MUSIC.
in Prof. A. A. WILtusai will give instruc
lit tion in the rudiments of musio as ap
be plied to singing to the entire School,
g twice a week, free of charge.
SBoard and tuition per month of four
it weeks, including washing, lights, &c.,
,i. $15, in advance.
so Music on Piano, Organ, Guitar, or cul
h- tivation of the voice, included with the
an above, $20 00, in advance.
X Tuition, 3, 4 and 5 dollars per month.
at Incidental fee per term, $1-in advance
d Liberal doduction for tuition when
s paid in advance.
The Institution is strictly non-denomi
national.
n For farther particulars, send for Cata
,0 logue.
- T. 8. 8LIGH, A. M.,
re Prest., Homer, Claiborne Parish, I,
Oct. 12, 1878.-6m. - i
or PERRY HOr" '
to u
Nit ao Corner Canal,t
No. 4 Baronne S!a
xn 'rleans.
ne XT allw
er ,.sE has had a thorough over- a
re THIS Win the way of eleaning, paint- at
Ie 1 hat furniehin , and is now ready to 't
it* iWlve its former Red River patrons and *
SheTi friends. very effort will be used q
9 to make their stay as comfortable as pos
I ible. l
Terms for transient hoard $1.10 per day oi
> With many thanks for past patronage
a continuance is respectfully solicited: Ii
MRS. C. PERRY, "t
Formly Ne. 7, Caroodelet Street.
i Nov. 30.3m
-·le
Ms. Phillipina aIalin
- Will continue the hbminess of the late ci
Abraham Kahn and has removed her It
s stock to the store room under the Mason- a
a ic Lodge on Second street.
r A full line of staple, fancy and family
a groceries constantly en hand and atres- P
sonable priecs.
s Sept. -6m.
: WOOD! WOOD !
if Q EASONED OAK and ASH wood, any 4
i t length and eise.
r Ordqrs lef at Mrs. Barks's or with
t IsatrywiU reelve Prospa seation.
0*,J P. JO11N80n
ti 1? t,' A I iVEI;T[SEMrENTS.
From ethe East!
ies io in ft'wn t he public that he
I ins;t II t le ii l ivoiii
NEW YORK
9 1\) THII
EA:;TTEIN MARKETS
With a Full, (C'ompleto and Ohoice
us-sort uinet t eI Merchantliso,
wclhiich he i' ft'ilrig at tho
lowest ('ash figures.
iNo Q(W ridaniine Prices,
--1"T DoWN To
liard lime Profits.
His Sto) k is well selected, and
(onsists of 0 l il lines
DRY GOODS,
( LOTHING,
BOOT S,
S110,
HATS,
Caps, ct o., caO.
With n11i ample Stock of
Fancy ci2 Staple
GROCERIES,
r'' Call adud Examine Styled and
'Price.
SATISFACTION GUARANTEED.
At CARVER'S old Stand,
Front Street,
NATCH IIUOCIIES, LA.
00
Do
SFALL ARRIVALS.
SPECIAL INDUCEM ENT
in OFFERED I To TIE TRADE
co -AT-
_, A. DUCOURfAUI;s
Corner Front and Churchl Strutq,
-1N
STAFlF ANIl FMRY I1 5DHD
be JTO
ag
or CLOTHINGI, JI.1TS, BOOTS AND 0(I9S.
Oct I2-:1111.
E
THE SUN FOR 1879.
TuE SIN will ni published every day durring
the year to otne.- Its purpluse and method will
I. be the aninm as in thepast : To present all the
news In a readable slhap, and to tell the truth
though the heavens tlil.
The Sun Ihas beti. Is. and will continue to be
inldepend.t of everybodyl and everything aus
I'j the Troth and its own coucictionsaof duty. That
V- is the oiily polity which an Ihonest newspaper
neled have. Thati is the policy which has wonfor
this n wspaper tlhe coe idenee and friendship of
C* i wider cuititieyv than was ever befere ea.
p Joved by ainy other Aimerican Journal.
'IThe Sun is the newspaper for the people. It
is not for the rich ian against thel poor man, or
lfor the plar luau against the rich man, hat It
atr seeks to do q tal justice to all interests In the
p, community. It is nmotthe orgae of any per
class, sect or party. There need be no
albout its lores and hates. It is for t
Sman against the rogues every time. 4
he honest Democrat as against the i rlst
ublican, and tfor the hoonest Ilre its one
h. the dishonest iDemocrat. It , r political
from the utterance of a A' unreservedl
Co organization. It give *. agreeann e with
311 when men or uoa he principals upon
the Conetituti~ fourndled for the people.
w hich this it tutiton and cunstitutional
Whenever violated-as In the outrageoaus
principl"º -76, by which a man not elected
5- conar,",d itie 1'rosidntas oflfice, where he
wemainstit pceks out for the right. That i.
re Sun's idea yf independenc. In this respect
ere will ie no m hanige in the progrannmme for '19
The Sun has fairly earned the hearty hbatred
of rasI-al, fralds, and humbugs of all sorts anad
sies. It lihopes to deserve that hatred not lees
in the year 1"79, than in In7d, 1871, or any year
gone by. 'lhe Sun will continue to shine en the
wicked With uunnitigatel brightness.
While the le'ouw of the past should be con.
tantly kept befoire the people,'r The San does
no pirepose to umake itself in 1879 a magazine of
ancient history. It is printed fur the. een and
women of to-day, whose concern Is chiefly with
theaffairn of tolday. It has both the disposition
and abilisy to atlford its readers the promptest,
fullist, and aost accurate intaligenee of what
over in the wide world is worth attebtion. To
this end the esourc's hbelonging to well-atab.
lished prosperity will be liberally employed.
The Ipreeut disjoinred condition of partiesin
this coul try. and tlt encertaintyof the future,
lends an tit raordinary sig iiicance to the events
of the coutiing year. Tho dlisonusaions of the
press, the tdebatte and acts of Congress, and the
I novetments of tlhe leaders in every sction of the
Republic will have a direct bearing on the Pres
idential eltionui of IS'-an event which must
be regaretl with the most antous interest by
ever% patriotic Amnerican, whatever his polti.
cal ideas or allegiace. To these elements of in.
ierests may lbe tidied the probability that the
Democracy will control both houses of Con
grese, the lncreaainug fepbleness of theftrandlent
Administratlou, and the spread and strengthen
ing everywhere of a healthy abhorbnce of fraud
in any form. To present with accuracy and
clearness the exact situation in each of ito iary
r Ing phasca, and to expoundi, naccording to its
we ll.kunown mtethods, the principles that should
guide us through the labyrinth, will be a lia
portant part o 'lThe Sun a work for lIts.
We have the means of upaking The Sun, as a
Spolitical, a litersary and a general anwspaper,
more entertaining and' more nsefnl then ver
before; and we mean to apply them freely.
Our rates of ebhsacription remain unchasged.
For the Daily Sun, a feint page sheet of twOaar
Seight columns, the price by mail, postpaid, is
55 cents a month, or $6,s5 a year; or, ianloding
1 the Sunday paper, an eitht page sheet of tfr
six colamns, the price is b., cents a month e
7Be a ndV aedia n The nn Is alst poaia.
. 'itteparatel at )1,2) a year.pestagepaid.
'ftpprice of the We.,kly Sinn. eght ps etfty.
h p1: aoluons, is $1 a 3ear, postage 3a1.
blubs often sending *1(1 we will send itt extse
tpyfree. Lddrsss. I. W. ENGLAND,
Peblisher gq g pst, );ew Tr Okng .