iA *5. Sm-, U..L Edimtr.
S AT.- - 'JULY 5, I$79.
S . i esteeme" coteamporary the
eOamliltTregraph, publishes an es
.i*sem the VirwCAroa of Jone.
l Js y i$, wherein we denounaced
igietItaltie of 1868 "as an lesitr- c
agt t pewer," destructive of thone
p lullss oflilberty which are dear I
e3)l Ameriaes heart.
* i Coastitu'io of 186 wans l
M uupatihe we do not deny-but
IiM aUserpatlol whiceh we never 4
tai pw,. to resist, which is a
t 'tie fact that we to.day, I
W1 A tas elemeonts aeseary for 4
lto dlretiek'eoslilnue to live under
d lwill goI oiae to live under it,
S I'" b: Way, uol it is abroga
i, ,es. sades prescribed by .
",we, believe, may, we -
I ..o t aertiestius of 018t to t
aggeto ees.fltegarps ue,byta vido. '
h*N Al pewJ rl Nortb, with its 1
f byeses)J sud:,retallers, it"
b* Ifllob V that beeae. we pro- I
G l elup oet veloes principles
'o d maintaoted thereby,"
- 'q paiades, in its Bill ofu
M ullieme, the infameus at.
gagg UEellbiagle the racestlm social
1 l "tb ateiMeef of its adoption-
w4.. draesteor eveu 'endorse I
e4 .wbhicb proposed to subvert
idsi y em~er eelt dose under it.
lush, if attempted, would be horri.
INel ' ysad we, as well as
i, , iseptemporary, would,
*mbdLM, islsdder to eootemplate a
gis: ofd a~lIr tha1t would ne -
' ther-from.
.O, . se d seatupoerary must
Iaihatbr that we hary the moral
x iota..e the paymeat ifa slac
if . .bmtmea tle debt, but it
alSmi ale that we are morally
IdI0 Iti pfpt aee mld prove the
I aid.ae, t a~ist admit that
gaggaplad oeasurpetie carn sad
d semadt arts whkl we are monnly
IaLd' uMaspela, hwev r much we
aeb hso esad puirn their -on
tnl " r stwenemd eotemporaryu
tutes Isw sem the fat that there
.l s .1t 1me. deiNalsios rem.
ikiY sapemr Coat of tbhe
1Pici: ~ Ias slustainlg acts of the
O~iMe O eraanat-whieb, to
itdbe els th Uale, was as
Silpi tse· as the. reesmtreu
I pmmsme i, Leelasew wme
bn & e us Oohed State Courts
w~e t el n.r l Iis setaleige as
S11.illts Ieari. takkper tea
SstasMa .M6 tsfor whih Co-fede*
ma Manyq was he easldmention,
1teigap s ead cn be collected be
Sise i ear samtedu te mpo
'SS i ris by hibCoeassite
i bto plleatd s th
~ h el4 myqis with
as t mll , t at all
*.4 EM ES a ed bE
,ise dMassist tes estalms
l W.um l lise;t aseoto
T S .yat elaP. woiadd
' i' esh ls"t ta
* w t e  et wl, b deee
Sl"u 14 wal e em to.
b ed Isaswk Iai -
rnr, suer
Si us we ae mnorally
. mumps: bl Iu.
L s o iig- a ,m iss
* h dle rini
Iat
people pllsst approving them. We
wared them against the very aonse
quenees whih an oa w ao e e, but
whoe those ameadmots weroe car
ried, m we believe they were, sad a
large number of Democrate voted for
them, we iasisted they were ia honor
bound to stand by the compromise
made with our creditors in accordance
with them.
We proclaimed that doetrine in the
canvass for the Coastitutional Con
veotion when cherged with endeav
owing to repudiate. We said:
"In order that this charge may not
have losger the semblance ot a cono b
temptmous silence which it deserves,
we desire to state moset emphatically a
that we are in favor of the most rig.
oroes payment of every dollar of our si
State ndebtedness. We acceepted the v
scaling law as a compromise with our e
creditors, and we intend to insist that
it shall be malntained to the payment
of the utmost farthing. This, too, is
the sentiment of our people, and we a
call upon all our co rers In favor of a
a Constitutional Convention to give C
the lie, for one and all, to this stale s
charge of our being repudiationuats."
A number of journals endorsed that(
article; if our esteemed contemporary ji
remainoedsilet heendorsed it, for if bhe
did not be owoed it as a duty a apub e
lie journalist then to say so. But this
does not end that endorsement. Thie
present administration, with its- Go- t
eraor, legislature and Suprene Coa t, ,
fully, and freely committed them- I
selves to the Funding at, and with
that eommittal, pledged the Denoce
racy to stand by it, as the party had i
so declared in its platform. We haveo
heard this States' honor sneered at a
until our cheeks tingled with shame;
and sneered at by men who proclaim.
ed themselves brimful of love for the
people, solicitous for their welfare
and determined to protect their in.
terests at all hazards. Yet, with all
this we firmly believe our party
should have some honor; should rees.
pect its promises and pledges at what..
soever coat. If we do not, then we
are no better, morally, than our op
poonets; we are unworthy of publie
coafidence and deserve not only de-.
feat but the ozecration of virtuous
manknled.
We trust our esteemed contempora
ry will aied answer in this article suf
ficient for his question.
Have We a Democratlc State.
We know that it is disagreeable to
tell truths, especially when it isso much
againt our will to believe them when toldi
n sof our condition as a party in this
StIte. And then there are theose who
willery bush with bated breath, and
look around n alarm for fear politi.
l enemies may hear as. Why bless
yoe unsohisticated souls, "the enemy"
kelw all eour weak points-the strong
I oenes we hide, tm weak ezpose them
s elve; and fol lbot reason we will not
a rehai fron poainting them out that we
may profit by them.
Thei Demoersey of this Bltste is in no
eondltip to na'er the iss even of an
ieiemidMersle anumber of voters, mueh
'lees to divide. We believe noas person
I who has studiled the signs of the times
will deny that let.
STh Demoersey of this State is not
a strnthenetd by the fet that we have a
.Meiued Desseratio admnistration ia
Spower, I plain wads, the preeat ad
inistration is ulltra son.prtiua. It
will: do a moro for the Demoeeracy with
the vst maebiery of the State oversn
mnt than It will for the epublticae.
IS, no doebt, votes te Demoratie ticke
Sand sypathissi with that party, bt, as
Sit Is a "ovenar~uat et the people' its
p powe will be m.eted only to preserve
Spense sad mere a full, fm and fair
Stril of stenglth hetwemen contelading
* etaoe of sid pople. Thee is no ob.
erving poliels in Loulsisna who will
Sdey thfe.
An party we have thMe to centead
gainst, (1) the State dminlerltina
hr mit given no aid, it nreldrs t ean.
m bid ad hopel, adds spirit to its
, I enumad mealetstsbeitas (g) thCiat
s taloues ai. ew rculss, with its vast
, dl paienage bhaked by a Jdiciary
SI reedy t d wiha to rsort to ay mesas
to ee ints party, (8) a posie dividd
on every pelhy whh were ilses prevli
os to th war-eeh as suag, the jn
diatey, the powen of leamenat ad
I the people, and the State debt--suJted In
* fat, ao ht ab ass oppoeilis to es.
r gr zpe, amdlaet(4)a great aad grw
i leg quetion In the Misslisippi pariehee
i fr govrsmme aid ttheir levees, ad
I l Newole as well a ether pertions
of t State for them aid treralerds,
;rtvm eni aysaem.
thee are getped $tedifoenaes which
' mest, it oc rsoniled, islly result ma
dislntegationl of r pati.. TIhese re
our weak poMit, o which the emy
m afolly apprised, and 1 whieh thny are
ppepred to take edvantage. . is to
estth these leas. satisfactorl y that
every tihnhia Dsct i the State is
new exting bimasel, while the blind
SMtl a•ls for a violent result
when wac heved, defeats as es a
parst heyd hopo et ever.
Theltrn tiow ol ense metint ore.
talmud In theDemca rtfld and as a Duar
eena eity; her 1400 maority is or
MIb osiceity,, rad wre will ifor its
e iraity to mede to tm anyr thing
in bmsass d jdmtem they may reqinre.
ie pIdtidMo.he knew upon what Ies
Uthena wi, al we kelie It tobe
he v~iry wideo eldpeuly spirit toleld
to the tJdgme t o oa se points, tad
to aid them hen iSo dtrlmeiatrto or
le. etetoasr patty seeenes there.
I r ipeople tink over thesen
uesp is lahimt,, 1k t
*-WeIIr, gm emelet lbs
asquse isse4 t ssetis he
flea ~ Li
THE CRltCET4T CITY.
elleog hasu Paper--The Times as
am Indlepeudet(1) Organ Debt
ettlement Eadangers Democrat.
Ic unity-Net rach Hope of an
Amicable Adjestment The
Health ef the City Contin
ues geid-An Acceptable
Fudamental Law.
NEw ORLEANS, June 28.
The course of the New Orleans Tus t.l
has been the subhject of much comment. ti
To me it is perfeetly apparent, and when ,
i cite the facts which convinced me, Ip
believe the readers of the VInCATcrou ,,
will agree that there is strong ground for t1
suaspicion at least
It is currently report 1, and very gen
erally believed, thathe Tmes, which d
was fast losing ground last winter, re
ceived strong backing from that slick
individual, William Pitt Kellogg; the
federal printing is all done in that offlice,
and it is certain that Henry C. Dibble,
Kellogg's assistant Attorney (eneral,
awl always one of his "sake cards," is
now the chief writer on the paper, while
Clinton, Kellogg's Auditor, is its sole bu- n
siness and editorial manager. It may d
be said that these evidences cannot be b
construed into the fact that Kellogg owns 7
the paper, yet when we look closely to e
its tone, we find something conclusively t
corroborating the charge that tihe Times
is to all intents and purposes a Repabli. d
can newspaper. Some time since it pub- a
lisbed an article laudatory of Kellogg, t
and a number of telegrams have appear- d
ed in its columns, pvidently intended n
to Imtimidate witunestese who would or A
might testify in Mr. Spoford's behalf in
his contest against Kellogg. It has
never said one word in favor of Judge g
Spofford, which makes its position on e
that matter quite plain. 1
When the exodus movement was at its t
height, the Times was full of selections i
from Northern luapers containing glow- t
ing accounts of the fertility of the soil
and the geniality of the clime of Kansas, (
and at the same tinme it editorially do- a
uonnced the bulldozers and plainly ad- t
aitted that violence towards negroes ,
was the rule in the country parishes.
While it charged the planter and mer
chant with swindling the negro labor iin
contract and payment for work.
All this evidence has tended to con
firm the opinion in Democratic cireles
that the New Orleans Times is a welldie
guised Republican organ, and is at
tempting, by loudly proclaiming its ino
dependence, to disintegrate the Deno
cratic party in this State. Inl this effort
I can cite its attitude upon the debt
question, its attempt to build up a boa
h tile feeling between the Democrats of
New Orleans and the country parishes
and its bullying tone towards every per. (
son in the Convention who did not favor I
7 per cent interest on the debt, and a I
tive mill tax devoted to its payment.
All this goes to prove, as I said before, 1
the totals unreliability of the Tmes.
The Democracy is divided on the debt I
question and grave apprehension exists
that any arlbitrary settlement of so deli- 1
cate a subject will disrupt the party, or r
at least cause such losses to its strength i
as to render Republican victory next 1
ear in Louisiana almost certain. Hence
the effort of the New Orleans Democrat
I to stem the mad torrent of repudiation (
and bring about an amicable adjustment
of the debt within the Democratie party.
The best informed Democratic politi
Seiasos are gloomny over the result no far,
and entertain very little hope of bring
s ing about the much desired settlement.
o That repudiation will fail, there is no
doubt, but its adherents, numbering it is
I true, 30 members, will be unconvinced
- and eoarry their scars to constituencies as
t much divided, from all accounts ams them
selves The Convention is doing its work
e slowly and well on all other matters, and
your correspendent can congratulate the
SIpeople on a good fndanmental law.
Health of the city excellent, and every
precaution known to science is being ta
h ken to prevent dimsae.
Ceaventlem Notes.
SNew Orleu s, June 28.-In the de
bate on the resolution prohibitina the
payment of the July interest the op.
Sposition held that the convention had
I- neither power nor right to interfere
tt with the provioones of the funding
b act or any other law of state, and
. that the statie ofeiils would he held
Sresponsible if they obeyed the order
of the coaventioe and violated the
law.
Kidd, chairman of the committee
of the state debt presented the re.
Sportse of tlh mjority; the report bs
ir almeet the eam a the former one,
g with addiltion of one hundred and
i. thirty-si thoueoad dollars due the
l riltenral and meehaneil college.
The minority report recommends the
payment of the debt in full with
d three per ento. interest for Are years
- and four per cent. thereafter. An
m. oher report ree ndmed that the
is debt quesion be left to the eourte to
. decide. The reports will come up on
J Moday. mon, u speelal order of the
day.
7 The resolution instreetilg state of
Si ceils met to pay the July nlaterest on
4 the state boaes unotil ordered by the
l- enntiou was adopted; yeas (,
- nays U8.
'The couveatiom appointed a cmo
a mittee of Ave to investigate theeharg
sa of eoarruption ino relation to the
Spublio debt,t the effet that mem
bers have been ainlened ia casting
Stheir voes by a dmesire tospecklate ino
d bonds or lave been paid a god pries
a for their votes.
TheTb Preenret has vetoed thoee "eoam
k premise appproprtiouesn" and--Con
a gres haa't yet adjourned, but will Ax
u p bill to nit the taste of the defto,
Swhiesb, dooues he will asg.
0 The met State electiem in Louilans
t will take place Ia April, 100.
The New Yark ,t eod Iadste that
tthe Demerate Mbludered in idsting
'that o byaroets aeld 'ho e used at
the polls, No doebt the lidldn hinks
SHampden "bluodered" whi he re
r fIsqd fo pay ship money-baut thes
, world sad.the HerM deo't agem on
Sthese pointe.
a Ibrs is fll of diaappointments. We
e tly offered to ae a bad aseu of
I hematism f or a year's sbsrptine in
Sadvsne) Hbe jut u we were eon the point
* f lifting the shol, a syp4thsiltg
friend U.EEOSSd Johaen's Anodyne Lini
Smeat theB mesy sad the patiet
vanibhed iastaner,.
Pasmum Puatv Plls make new
rt bleednd will aopletely ebange
Sthe Iet lsse th. baius syta Ithree
mmbud a Dnuemen .k ha
TLIE STATE DEBil
Settlement Reached - Both Reports go
Defeated-Minority Reconsidered, d
Amended and Adopted 67 to 59
-a S~plit IAkely anid Gloomy) a
Outlook for Adoptioun
of Constitutiou tl
It LL PAIITC'II.AR.
Special to Vimdicator.
New ORLEANS, JuIly 1, 1879.
The Caucus having failed to agree on
the debt question, the majority submiittedl
the same report. The mlinority reconili
mended recognitlion of the det with :t to
per cent interest for 5 years and 4 per ti
cent thereafter. The minority report was t.
than votol uplmn and defeated; ayes 41, e
nays 82. '
The majority report was thea in turn g
defeated ; ayes 41, nays 88. In order to ti
again get question befoire the Convention
tie minority report was recolsidered andl
a substitute and various amendmeats
were otered. A
The proplosition to pay the full debt V
with 2 pe.r coet interest for ,5 years, .
lper cent for 10 years and 4 per cenlt. 6
thereafter, was voted down ; ayes 35. t
nays 91. Proposition to se!o 75 cents
defeated; ayes 51, nays 74. To scale to
50 cents shared same fate ; ayes SI, nays
'177. Proposition to pay debt, with 3 per
cent interest for 15 years and 4 per cent a
thereafter was then adoptrs- hy ti aye.s i
to 19 nays. The first article of the relport
declaring principle of the debt inviolate 1
stricken out by a vote of 65 to 58. Ar- e
ticle declaring 54 mill tax reduced to 3,
deefested by 61 to 65, leaving legislature
nninstbeeted as to amiount of interest tax.
Art. 5 remitting interest tax due Jannary
1880 and transferring it to general fund
I was adopted. The ordinance reported 3
by minority as ammended was thenl pass
l ed second reading and ordered printed. a
The blomdholdler have gained a msulln- I
I tial victory, fslhould the people snhubmit. ,
The Republicans voted solidly with tihe
bondholders.
Baton Rouege agreed npoln for State
t Capital hy a vote of 81 to 24, which with
unsatisfactory settlement of debt l esll.'
tion secresheavy najilrity aga;lst the i
I ratification of the constitutionl. Our c
work is likely to llove fruitleh-s.
Ne:w O)RI.1.r s, July 1st, 1879.
The debt iquestionl was1 settled to-.day
by a direct vote to qcknowledge the face
of tile debt andil pay 3 per tcent iliterst
thereon for IS years, andll 4 Iper celnt in
terest after that time.
Thie tote was-aye- s ;;, 6noes. 5:). The
Republicans voteld solidly in the allirtn
tive, consequently. the 5,3 lues are Demt
ocratic.
New Ont.E:bAs, J.ly 2, 1879.
a Proposition to scale the debt to 50
cents on the dollar lost : yeas 50 nays 75.
r Scale 95 per cent lost ; yeas 51, ilays 74.
1 To pay 3 per cent interest forl 15 years
and 4 after earried on motion of Stone of
Feliciana: y;eas 67, nays 59.
All filibusterinlg mlaotionl defeatedl.
t Ratio of tax for interest purposes left
s until general rate considered. Many of
the extreme men ceaesedl to oppose debt
r settlement, blit many vioilent Imi con
4 tinne opposition, the object of whllich is
t believed to be that aid nmay come to
e them on the ifranchiNo questionn. Con
t vention voted for Baton RIlnge as the
a Capital ; yeas 81, noes 31.
t IEIUTtAS.
., The Niglileance of the Hill Verdict
An Atlanta (Georgia) special of the
a 18th, to the St. Louis Relpublican,
a says of, the recent verdict in the lill
i Simmones murder, nhieh has cereated
S 5o munch interest in Georgia and else
whero
S Thie conviction of Hill last niglht
ewas due to tile cmaurge of Jmdge Hill
yer: Stepping outside of tile spirit Of
y lax eentimentality that not infrequent
i ly governs juroms in settling aiffairs
involving tihe virtue or honor of wE.
men, lie delivered tile lawr just as it
stood, and stated he would hold time
jury absolutely to the letter of tihe
law.
i He held that "if a man catches a
Si aedueer or paramour in fJlagraute delic.
d to with his wife lie may not be guilty
' otmmrder, if he kills Ilim in thie splasm
I of panaionengendered by this sight;
d that if a seducer or paramour is try
d iog to seduce ,r commit adultery with
ir a wife, the Ihusband may interfere,
- but only to such an extelit as will
stay the purlpose or cut it sihoat; but
me timat it, after the act IIhas been perfor'm
SI ed and time for deliberation has elapn
Is ed, the husband then deliberately
-, looks up the seducer or paramur anmd
d shoots him down, the aest is murder,
me and can be made nothing else. No
I. matter what thie details are, or tihe
I provoetion, this general plinciple of
, law stands." When thindelivery was
I made, it was felt thlat Hill's chlauces
a- were desperate of thlis principle of
me law covered his case. Tile charge
to I was received with deep astonishment
-o and restlessness.
me It waa entirely new law to most of
the hearers, and had a visible effect
* on the jury. It was said that the ju
a I ry was largely for acquittal, but that
e upopn this charge changed rapidly.
2, Jodge Hillver said that be had only
delivered thie law as it is written and
* that be felt hise duty to do so regard
"- less of the consequenees. While
m I there is a very deep reeling of sympla
m- thy for Hill aid his kinsmen Judge
' Hillyer is very generally upheld, and
I by about all of the thinking men.
SThe legal status of his charge is ap
proved b.nearly all lawyers, and it
is only because it strikes down pre.
a- coneeived opinions and overthlrows a
. practie that has become law by cos
l tom, that it is critieised.
It is tmhe universal talk of tile town,
' and it erects a new code for Georgia.
The defence will more for a inew trial,
and will set up insanity as a defence.
a There is no hope for themn to win un
der the old theory wimh Hillyer on
the beach, and, since Hillyer has es
tablished thie precedent all otlhe ijudge
es will probably eharge as hIe did.
* The pistol law is dead in Georgia and
at all questions will hIereafter be pot in
te thecourts.
e. It will be a sad day indeed for the
SSouth when Judge Ilillyer's doctrine
bUas notversal aceptence. The cer
tain fate thIe seducer met whmen lie in.
vaded thie home alld hearthstone of
a gentleman, neas done nmore to pnro
In tect female virtue than all tile writ
at ten laws ever expounded. We re.
member vividly, thie sickening details
ut of the Beeleher.Tiltnn scandal, and it
is to such flatRs as tlhims-vulgar ald
brtal--thatl Judge Hillvcr mmd hilis
Fsoelass woeld invite us. Hill was. per.
feetly justiable on all moral grouuds
Ia lbyieg tlmecondtel who stabbed
to dt ni thie honor of his m iome, and
e eold statute can escuse his con
e lheatton, theogh a thousand judges
sweoe .
A (quick Marriage.
January and SMay Were linked to
getlherin a waiting/-rlnn ofl the Pln'i
dence and Stoiigt',,a lailrtraId at
Richlmond one day int week. They
atnlived by the entward- houIid tI ai.
and walk ed briskly n~-tws the Ialit
formn. A rhleigynttl was waitin/g t'o'
themi, t1and a car'lrge. halld been aeltI. -
etllo to ke them to hii rt'eslil' ec,
ilwhere the cer'til,'nf.V w:as tol lI P,"'.
formed. 'The bridegr.oomi astily in
qulired when the next wep,t atd.
bound train was dine, and, on e.tis;
told that eody five Iuinites wotuld
elanpse wfore that eve"t. he ,ine1la
ted : "I am in hr Iir ! We mlIsI re.
turn by the next train ! I 'e gilln
to tain ! We noust he mtrried !" "'h.t
entered thel' hthuble, wtitie tt n..
The handa of the clock mioved. 'i'The
stationllagent Ang!e'esed lht tlhe
time was "'only two linltest', Iinow."
Just then the westwald hL,o'rM ti:in
rotuded the curve. aiiproarhiug t le
station. TI hrride.Ltrolh' argitation
was evinced bVy eandls of lperpirtati'n
oIl an ample fottrehPeai fli ine.iI a itlh ;t
few tufts of glPy Lair- ll that re
m11ained fron the Isnows of 70 will
tern. Little May, with thel ilnnoclnce
of girlhood in her eyes., : ,ts in = tilut.
ter. The lergymaiin alio, was co'lI
and self.posseseed. "Join hands !"
he cried, as the loomotive lshrieked.
"Yout take this isll to be your huis
band f" lie demanded sternly, as the
engineer gave the hell-rope a vigor.
ous jerk. "Yell," whispered nervoeus
May, as the train ritled by. with the
brakeas giining arid the engine lpult
tering. "''You take this, woman to he
your wife ?" asked the clergyman,
with his hmand on the bride-groom'sa
arm. "'Yes," quoth January. flamnih
hung hi railway pns atnd taking the
spectaeles front his nose, just as a
heavy trunk was dumped on the plat
rnm and the locomniotive again fouind
its votee. "Then I prolnonce y'o
mani andl wife," exclaerimedl the' go.iod
maIll, n&ld tIh conduct'or"'' ".All-aboarld"
rcame ill like a n amen. The bridel
was bundled into the ecr. thete was a
transfer of silver half dollars froml
the bridegroom to clergvmani, the
lalckmain mlurmurll'edl. "G(ol darn it,
'"vet lost a j.oIb." and JanularyV was
t early cart ied oil his legIs on thie lat
form. In a nloment the train-boy
cried, "L]nzengets here." 'T'heir wed
dling junr'iey had I'eLun.--Nw York
Trilblne.
Amiong the lnnmalelros prepalratiolts for
gray hair in thie marke't, we onlltullIedl to
our renlders h all's Vegetable Sicilian
flair Reenewer as the est, Our dr'llg
Sgists keep it for sale.
N w Advertisements.
VEGETINE
IS RECOMMENDED BY ALL
P h yvS ic iah s.
Valley Stream. Quteen, '(c., Loe. b.latutd N
MR1. II. It. SIFr INs:-'
Dear Sir-I take tie le as.1ie of wl iltin: yu
a small cerltihicate cotelce' niu V l . in . pre.
parelt by sol. I ha . beena .. t lntl;elr with tile.
IlpeTpsia foIr over florty e:tll's. ald ha1l, Iae ha
it . t'ehr ,let.c D ia thl.t f.1, e e s" i M .o th.. :Lad
havei tl' d mttst evrv 1thige1 was e ,4ivel1 Iti t"
die, and did unet \ueet to live from lay to.i dayt
aitt. ioe plj y icial clli. l ltnihil ILly c e'. I salw
ontr Ve,.getine rccmnt' ndedtq to ur'-e ly.pp. I
.ial. I 1a1ll 11c4Wl i1d u sin , it. a n d I co nti nie' d d o .e
ing al anlld took un:w a w ell w alnll anlld restore, i
toaperti;t health. All who art' A"iletted with
this terrible disease. wouhlI kindly r ,ee nen.me I
to try. it tt.1 the- bne-il t of theit. health, awl it
is exicllnt as I Ilood pe ithier.
By Ir. It. Forbes, M. I-. for
MS \V \t. II Ftt111S.
Vea.etine.-When the blood ebece1, litfeles
and stliglnanlt. either flenel ecbnyLe oef weatherl or
oflilllnate, wallnt of exercisel', iInZegilbar diert. ll
from anly other asee'. the VI'e'getie will rt.e
new thle bh.net. easy oft' the p1ntid honers.
elealnse tile sltLahl. re'gllate the it.weclh, nllI
imparlt 1a ta)o of vigor to t'he while body.
VEGETINE
for CANCERS and
CANCEROUS HUMORS.
The Doctor's Certificate.
R1ad it.
Ashley, Washing1ton I'll., Ill.. Jan. 14, ire.
Mr. II. It. Steveuns :
Dear Sir-This is toI certrify that I had ltn
sutfering romn a Roe Cantr on **y rilht
breast, which grew very 'raplidly. and ll len
friiends had IVe'n tilte t ip Ie. I iait, whe In he:rd
of you'llr lle'liiue. Vegtille. rcetLuellllelid lfr
Calncer ajtnd Caucr' ou'!-lls smllel.l. I cOI, lllilke1'1el
to take it. and soonll tedll mywl f le,'inniieg to
feel better: mlly hcaith and svlirts hth ftet the
benign iifltlelnce which at exerted. and in ai I'w
1months, from that tilme I 'con41isev'ted the use it
the V'egetinle, the Cancer camile out aitlelst
bodily.
CAIIRIE IDhFOIRIES'T.
I certify that I am pesonallyl acquainted
with Ma's. De,'.orrest, and conesidelr her ,o. of
our very lest woman. DR. S. It. FLooWEIyS.
All Diseases of the Blood- If VI'getine will
relieve pain. cleans, pIrifv, andI curte smuch dis.
eases, I'restoring the patienlt to petrfcltl hallth
after trvying litl''rent physiciians, IImany ri'elt'.
dies, sletdriug fter y.vers. is It. not cenchl'sive
erodf, if you ae' a i lsuel'er.e yonell h4 e' cwe'd !
Why is this medicinhe pel'rftruing uc'h great
cure.n IIt works in the blood, in the cirenla.
ting fluid. It can truly be called the Great
Blood Plrifier. The great set'ece of disease or
ilinuates in the blood:; antd no meedlicine that
dles not aec directly upon it, to purify alnd reno
vate, has any just claim ulpon ipublic attention.
VEGETINE
I regard it as a Valuable
FAMILY MEDICINE.
M. II. R. Sr.vE.S:- Jan. 1, t1+7;.
Dear Sir',-I take pleasure in sa-ing, that I
have used the Veg etine ill IVmy family wilith
good results, and I have klnown of 'several
cases of remarkable ctre effl'cted by it. I re.
gard it as a valuable family medicine..
Truly yours. REV. VWM. Mt')ONALD.
The Rev Win MclDotald is well known
through the Unitedl Statee as a miluistel in the
M E Church.
Thousands Speak-Vegetine is acknowledged
and recommended by physicians aend apotlheca
rice to be the best puriller and cleauner of tihe'
bleood yet diseovered, and thousandls speak in
its praise who have been restored to health.
VEGETINE
The M. D's have it.
-I, R. STEVE. :
Dear Sir.-I have sold Vegetine for a leng
thime, and ind it gives mos.t exeecllnt satiS
Sfaction. S B DE PRIEST, I I). Dru.ggist.
Ilazlelon, hlud
I
*VECETINE,
f
PIIREPARID B"
I. I. STEV EI, D0STOI, MAS.
Vegetine is Sold by All Druggists.
LOST OR MISLAID.
: [NE iromif.ry N,,te drawy by C, i.
IcWahnsly & Co., to or',,r cef .I. W.
Coekerham 4for' 'T'wv'nty-nlilt Ilundraud
and Ninety-two and 92-100 dollnro, dat,,,l
m February 10th, 1d77, and payable Feb
rnary 1st, 1Th. %'itli 8 per cent intlerest
ftom nnatunrity. Said Note enIors,,d itn
blahk. The pntleic ai. he.r.hy " ar'I.i
Snot to trade for utict Note, £in Jiylntltl
lhass ibeen stopped.
J. W. COCKERHAM, I
Junnt 28-St.1
EClIP lt l 110BLE
NELS. T AYLOR, - i - -1',:,,',1 1:T,1.
r Till, N I EI ." I . ;
ALJX';ANliR \, IA.. sI
\ I. ofi.]tt.
Cll i ll'] iill
I it 10:4I:. T'O LET.
II!IiI,ES lit:'T hy Il ay, IWeek, I1ili. -
The . All.L I, li Iht'LA IE ST awll
.11t '," 4 *'4 I' U'itT.il I Ei: "
1'"
S'" Itit it i:r t tihil . ; Stte . I:iio l i, ti-lr
, vs , hft uln h IE', i0' tlir SALI..
TO DROVERS!
Will i'' l s'1.T \lls
byi Il)Y or WE'EK
FOR H1ORSES. i
I(11$:, CAIIIRIAGES, IlIGGIES adil
IARNSI'S AIWAYS onil ItAND fur SAILE.
April 5-lv.
-.--------.........-...-........-...
FOR SALE ON EASY TERMS.
I9t A lit on Sil ,ley strelet, it the town of
"'I. A houtllc iill l It corlel'r swant' d & lhirmn St'1
:d. A ti't' l f Illlln onl ('lire Lakle. 341i ii.les .
Ith. A " " o41 0111 ive r. lialrt .
%th. A " " in townshilp 12, range 1.1
6th. A tract of land on Iled river, bounded
:lhov 1 hlv 1.b 1ds of i " . W . h'oIlreiiale anid .. P. al
Paivrii, ail bii-low liv G. W. \lo1es'. 30 arres. e l
7th. Four Iots in the town of Grand Eore, fr
dsiginated i hiots 23. :17, 53,. a. Also a lot of
.untlld in tIe towin of Natchituihol. lalio it
irat of' land, bheing Rio Iondo claim No. It;2L,
containinlg 339 1 9II .11i acres.
Sfh. I tullt ot'land in township 10t, ranige +,
(-nt l ini g .ill ar: i 's
!th.i.1 trla t of land in tow n'h ip 1i. ranml G.
aild ti in ihip 1'2, raoge 5, onitainingi 43 1i.i1(I1
I iiire'. U
llt1h. Also an llnlivited onellitirIl of a place
klnoIwn as the loiy n plce. couiltiiilg 1il0
k actlie. heiing sectlin 11 and 12.
Ilth. A h.oilise aiind lot oni .liackson Sqiuaret.
I'llh. A lot of gilltnd on ,lJacksn Squuare.
S 1ith. A tract itf hlind in tiwnshiihil N. range
9; knlown as 'l.iili :16. cotitaiilnr i- 19 nt'c si. P
MEIY YER WE1I' & 'Co ,
A.plly i L CASPA I.
,nille 14- mtl.
k -- - __-- -----
ESTRAYED.
SB:y iare i' mille i4ainlt 1) landts I
I hi lh, branderld "C"' oIn tle right i
r i shoulder. Thie owner cau have the stnt'il
i ,rlediwlilClnt. 11
JON ES JOHNSON, hi
Lake Ai'i:ai, 15 .ile's suitlth of 1
Natchitoches, La. I
,aiinO 14.--3t $3.
-h
ESITRA Eli.
N i hhiti h I e ll· h P :iri'h. La.. t1
May :lrd. 1,it i 71. 1
.l'it l.lt !: h , fore the undelrsiuiitl ý
I lnolthorily hy L. W. ttepllen, a lhly
llnrse hr:l1tidel .111 on Ith1 left shoulhder:
threle 'white fieet, aI white bIlaze oil hisi ,
fApce. .ppraisi. la t forty dollars. t
S1. F. WILLIAMS,
,film 1.t.--Ict, J. P. Ward 2. 13
FOR SALE. t
t NO of Leds statioinau' engiles with
. vertical tubliular ,oiler twelve or t
I. liltl horse I poWverl; aI lot of uslif it
n wrollghlt iron cnhlintilng of cart lland
wI w:g'ln axli's ail1)i lix iirl's t;wo of Paget' I'
hi.i;.e powe a. saw mill ixtlures; lot u' o i
it l a rsthtilgs, llnli Il. new ghil lIrnsi for 60
s.w P'att s1alidh. tIi e aild lit II hligaiihi.
II1ENI .11M. HIYAMS,
6 i4, iIii,. Philitloli Iniir Cam&ipte.
Jnin 7" It
BLOODED STOCK.
pI H OR)IOUGE1ItIII ED Shlort Hlorned cat.
_ th',(,swnhl iiud nlithihiwn Shlelt
SiiiL lrkahire i tgs.. D1)iverdtiiil olln houral
atieiinlIoult it Al. xa udai'a, 1?ajiidcs iiu
ijah, whire tihe stock ;1is blcti liastiral
silice the Fall iof 1877 auIul 1878.
Tl'rlms Rcea+soniblh.
Apply to J, M. ARMSTRONG,
Fel 8-ly. Alexaudria, La.
31. II. WILKINSON,
'I (Stcci'S(ior' to T. Lacuste.)
rd rD l1. 11 C" G i I * ,1 , ,
N,, ATCIIITOC lIES, LOI'IlANA.
Dcalhr in
PURIE I)1UGŽ,
l ('IlEMICALS,
I'iATENT MEDICINES.,
SPERFUL'MERY,
Ii,*
Ci TOILET AND) FANCY ARTICLES.
t * PIlceripiltions catcefully plflllrearld,
at ay or llight.
r The services of Mir. Lacoste will be re
t tailnd iu thile buisilies
IlI. -
NOTICE.
lhiviuig sol1 out lmy entire stock of
Drugs, &e., to M. H. Wilkinson, I beg
to solicit my old frih'nds and cstonmera
to exteid to hiit a shallrt of thle patron
lutla hitlrto so iilerally beitowd upon
* me. T. LACOSTE.
June 21.
I -- ------- - -- - - - -
iJ PECIAL CITY TAX NOTICE.
ELIQU ET Taxpayers of the city
I of Natclhitochlis, ri't hereby uotfiicd
wi thalt unless nil culrrentl, as well as delin
he qielilt lixts hite thie eity, ire paid witih
cd in sixty l3hys fiomu this date, I will eltier
. suit f;,r the 6in3110, as directed by Ordi
Lil nlllce of the Mayor andi City Coulcil.
in W. E. RUSSELL,
May 3, 1879. 2t. City Collector
JAMES C. MOISIE.
PHIOTOGRAP-IS
--AND-
P PORTRAIT PAINTER,
HIS Gallery at Laeoste's H:lll will be
-.peni every SATIUIIDAY anld SUN
I)AY. All iinds of Photographs taken.
Copies imaule at redllced prices.
Ciibilnet or Iliplriill size per dloz. (6 0il
" " i tloz. 4 Ot)
t l. Clrl size, per doznn 3 00
" " 0 " 200
Olher sizes in nitolmrtiou.
W'. JOHN C. XARSH & 80NS,
ALEXANDRIA, LA.
SACHINE, BLACKSMITil . ilO P AND
Il. Bras. Founiiliry, C(opper, iilieet Iron aud
t bMilllir workli d1ie in all il rI'linclheia. nllitdael
. of Portable ottoii Gin Engins, Pipe littiln
, ldl rellitiihii of Cotton Uins, Swmill tila
it uirllgal aill ntinanerv a .lpeiaily. A spairs
Snlanilltei'ed. (:allhiln~lif liitaIs and IFo dui
galed at New Orleuans priees; lfeigbt de l,
[, iAll olderl firou I he country prolmpt ly attended
to. Terms, modernate. Will do work in Gran
cr Natchitochvs parishes, - Iam6
NEIl' ADVERTi U A'
T1E MEDIiCAL IEPARTMI
OIF 1HF
NIEW ORLEAN.
oMsc e'ses 11.i l vIIt.l' adv :Iitl~ I ..s for(Cli
ical 'I'sa iig. The Ihaluly 1lhlitl
II: aIIl l l adam l oll ll.orie f 4' IlllrH *k
`ix T'hn au ll Ilthut-. null is ri. 1
dally Iby the Pr~I', ;..-,r, a nu', alui lf
Sth i I t l "nts.
The Annulla:l (irl'a'uir will be selta
all whlo ilai. atlptly.
'I'. (. lClCAIARI)E IN, M. 1I. ,Dea
,li li l- 1it.
NO'TICE.
, .l A. V. (;Al{'TliE K is yv alntbh,
i Agelt lnill ng lily ahIc'lit'e fromr thn
pa1rish, III I itraaiact : 11y ie s it' a couia
ed %wit1h 11I itlrt.l', -.
WV. N. IIRAD.SIIA.'
Natcli lt e o( s, J lull e .-"t.
.JOSEl'!i C KEYSEI,
Ilricksmmsaker tsmid Layer.
Is PREPIAli) to io all work entreN
Sto himui qslickly ulti ill i worknaunlikt
n11iniiler. TOllill, C("lIniII',, Cisterl i
other work .oli citleil.
Orders left at. IITLL.ARDI & cAll.
BELL'S will be promptly aatt.liladel t
Jan. 27. Iv.
ra.nd Ecore
WAREIOUSI
WM. FRENCH, Proprietor.
II AVING pllre'liheil the Islwillne
Clhautlibelrs & It3arIWt;e at this poiu
iilll iet lli'tel thI lir a .iivrilces, I am pr
at to I4sora, aull tlirwu;lrllit pi. utnlly,
freiightsll ill oll otton cousignedl to mny
kates of .stuilrage, in t taor will SL
followe :
"ift'een Celit.s lper barrel for traightl
Thirty-five Centts per al oteh ftor Cottog.
W- M. FitENCL
lar'i h 'i--tf.
JUDICIAL ADIVERTISEME Tf
Judgluenut.
Phillipine Kahn vs. Isaac Kahn, h
HIusband.
District Court, Parlish of NartclhitOjl,
Jun' Teinl, 1879-No ý288.
IN this case, by ireason of the law al
the evidenlce |bing in favor of ti
Plaintitf Philliiipine K:ab and agingl
the )eliledant. Isa:e K;ahn, her ialbsd,
it is olrderCed, arljultdied aslid decreid,
the conlnllllity of acEuetsl and gl
heretofire existing betveoea the
l'laintilff and the Dttefndant, her hll
hand, be dliisolved ; that she havel
Separate cnitroil aindl adtIlinistrati1u I
her separate property, as set ribed
the peltition : that shllIe and is he_e
lde reed thilt owner of her ifdlowingi 4
scrilbed separate property, to wit:
"A. cerlaiinll lot or paIrcel of grousl,
with the buiilinigs and imnprovemnelt
thereon, situated in the City VII Pa.Itt
of Natchitaches, on the West sideit
Seventh street, having a front therinti.
tending irom , St. Denis street to lEi
yettt street. and rilnlinig back for dept,
betleen parallel lilies to Bayou J
subject to a deduction of the quantil
two acres," and of the stock of merchl
dise, desribedl inl the petition ; and thit
the costs of this suit be pail by Dfefa
r iant.
Thus done Iand signed after 1lhpbl
been read in open court. on this 21 4
of June A. D. 1t379
(Signed D. PIERSON,
District Judge, 17th Judicial Dist. Coul
State of LouisiianS
Parish of Natchiteches.f
I do hereby certify that the above Wi
true andi correct copy of the orial
judglment in the suit entitled "Phillipll
Kahni vs. Isaac Kahin, her husband. .D,
C. No. ,S2A, on tile in my otliee.
Witnass my hand anlld
[L. 8.] ticial seal, on this SM
day of June, A. D. 181.
JOHN LAPLACE,
SDeputy Clerk 17th District of Le
Julne 2' :t. , i
Sherilff's Sale.
Louis Dupleix, Admninistrate, vs. Le
D. LePauluier.
Parish Court-No, 1274.
B Y VIRTUE of a writ ofF. Faih.
sued in the above entitled and Id
bered suit and to me directed, I hea
seized and will offer for sale to the lSd
1and highest bidder at the door of t
courthouse, in the city and parish d
Nlltchitoches, on.
Saturday, tlhe 5th day of July,l ,I8
behotween the legal hours of saile,
tain tract of land, with the improveli
thereon, situated in the Parish of Naih
itoeches. containing seventy-eight 1041
acres, being the samle land acquired If
Mrs. Virginia Bossier at the seceeli.
etfects of Nizilda St. Amans, madlee is(
7th day of December. 1871, and deselt
in said proces verbal of sale as lot Ni
cantaisiilig forty-two t42) acres aid
1, No 2 containing thirty-six 36.100
acquired by Louis 1)D. LePaullietr O
b. Mrs. Virginia Bossier by act of sale I
ed on 27th day of Feb. 1875.
Terma. of &ale:
On a credit termt of one year ollUdqt
) of sale for what it will bring; pai+.sI
to give his twelve months tbes,
good personal security, With v
p. rivilege and special mortgage retaiil
on the property sold.
L. A. DEBLIE
May 3-tds.
Sheriff's Sale.
Andire Vascoeue vs. D. L. Gillet.
i District Court, Parish of Natchltp
II- No. 824.
Br I)Y virtue of a writ of Fi. F. I
i ) the above entitled sad naitr.
slit and to me directed, I have i
and1 will offer for sale to the list i
highest bIdder at the door of the(it
- louse in the city and parish of Nathli
che, onl
Saturday the 5th day of July, i1
Sbetween the legal hours of male, t5iN
owinig described property, to.wit:
The plantation whereon VictodIr<
lerouisise formnerly resided, situstell
tile Parish (f Natchltohes, ou thl
bide of li.ayou IlIourIeau, with al ll
Ie kIildilgs al14 imlnirovelllenIts thN ,
t' c-ut.iinn 140) acres, miore or lessil'"
i. that por1illo of the west half ofr't
wcsnt qualtetr of section No. 7,.Wj .
jg llhyon ihourlbea, contairina con
oUt) nre or lassii.g
00 Also aliotber trati of lanud, heifI 5
Seaost half of north east quarter DIl
tion No. 6, towiship 10, ralnge, 7_
tihiuinlg N) 0-10)- acres, being the !,
pIrl1lerty acqulired by D. L. Bll
Act of 'late 47th October, 1871, b
A. Bakrlow, ]D'y. Recorder lf saidh
Term. of Sale :
S On a elredit term of o01e y.'Helr t'D
Sofsle for whalt it will tin,: !i
toi ive his tWelve itulllth liollid, .
ti good lpersltal ' r i rui 't . I t
privileio uiil il' s 'iol u, ortigage n. " -
on the iprolftrty soidI. .A
m. L. A. DEiLlIkI
. June 14. . " lu ll