w- -.- -
JAS. II. CO GROQE, • Editor.
NATCHITOCHES
SATU'UDAY - - - - Jan. 30, 1875.
Advertising Kates.
I .quare.... $4 J" $6 50 $10t00$ 150 11 $0 00
Sqtltar's... 7 00 10 0(1 15 00 0') (fiI 25 1;11
3 ,na.tts... 11(00 13 011 18 00 25 )00 3!) 00
4 squ'ares,... 14 00 18 00 002 041 :t0 00 35 0,
5 syna-re... 17i)20 00 70 0 1 35 0! 40 ()
I s,llarto... 2)(0 24 00 32 00 40 !0 45 R(0
7 squallres... 00 27 N 36 00 50 0 71 (0
8 squaren... ti 0) 30 00 411 00 65 0t 8s (,0
10 slares... 30 100 3 00 5,1 0 57 00 105 (10
15 squa res... 4500 61) 0 070 00 1I)00 125 l00
0 sqtuares... 60 n0 80 00 01 125 ll) 1)01 I1
-;I'ran.ient atvlertismenta $1.50 pIer squnre of
1l linu«es trevisr, lirst isertlon. Each subse
quont inlerti¢u 75 cents per square.
OURU JO OPFFICE is supplihd with a
great variety of type, and work in this ,(lpart.
n,.nt perfornmled with neatness and at amoder'
at, prires.
Terms. CAgSII on delivery of work.
Rates of Subscriptiou.
One Copy one year .......................11300
One Copy air months ....................... uU
(Payable h advance.)
.John J. HIerbert, is our duly authori
zed travellinrg agent.
Notice to Contributors.
No communientions will he pnhlished
unless aecomnpanied by the anthor's real
n:ame. But one side of the sheet to he
written upon when sent to us for inser
tion.
Articles to he short and to the point,
to have attention.
Themle are our rules and they must bhe
strictly adhered to.
Premiums to Subscribers.
The Vindicator will be furnished to
subscribers at the following rates.
1 year........................ $3
6 mos........................ $2
No subscription received for less
than six months.
ALL SUBSCRIPTIONS INVARIABLY IN
ADVANCE.
We will furnish to each yearly sub
scriber a magnificent Steel Engraving
19x24 inches. Now is the time to
subscribe-write to our Editor for
Club rates, in which we offer special
inducements.
"Tempest" in Natchiteches-Steam
boat in Natchitoches this week.
Several drays and pedestrians have
disappeared this week-in the mud
ofour streets.
Bring in the balance of that cotton,
good prices can be obtained for it now
just to keep up business.
Numerous mule drovers in town
doing a lively business-hunting some
one to give away their stock to.
Thanks to Hon. J. A. Wolfson for
a late N. 0. Bulletin.
City Saloon has a first class restau
rant attached. Lunch of lisl, flesh,
and fowl at all hours at reasonable
rates.-Try it.
Mayor's Court played out. The
obstropulous have such a fear of De
Vargas that they dont cut up "worth
a cent"-to the city.
Go to Garzia and look but once at
his new stock of groceries and you
will then go for your pocket book
or he will.
Some one proposed to dam up Cane
river for one hundred and fifty dol
lars; we know a man that will damn
it up and doan, for fifty cents. No
work, no pay.
It is quite amusing to hear the
"faithful press" of Louisiana heaping
all manner of odium on Messrs. Foster
and Phelps, who were received but a
short month ago with shouts of glory
by the radicals of New Orleans. But
they are determined not to overdo the
thing this time, for we fail to see
.abe round "shining virtue" in the
new Committee. "A burned child
dreads fire" and- our loyal editors will
await the report this time to give their
opinions upon the personnel of Messrs.
Hoar & Co.
When a Republican fails to steal or
lie, he is immediately charged with
being a Democrat ; and we hope those
Democrats of the North that gave aid
and comfort to Radicals during our
late "unpleasantnoess'" are well satis
fled with the "glory" they are now
receiving.
RAIN-Rain, when will it cease
We have had but two or three clear
days in several weeks. Cane river
continues to rise at a rapid rate, and
in a few days we will have steamers
at our wharf.
Our latest from the SL.ma serves
but to confarm the frst reports we
had that the boat will prove a total
los. This has been an unlucky win
ter for Red River boats, four having
met their fate in the muddy and tortu
ous stream.
Demagogues of the Republic.
We fail to see that the modern fa
natical Republican, have lost any of
their blood thirsty ferosity since the
days of Robespierre and his cut.
throat Jacobins of the French revo
lution--an occasion, seems all that is
required to have a renewal of the hor
rors ýf the "reign of terror." We
have in our Republic villains only too
willing to play the part of Murat, and
who publicly proclaim their desire to
emula:te the example of those inhuman
savages, rendered more brutal by
contact with intelligence, who have
in all ages well nigh rendered the
name of Liberty a by-word and a
reproach.
In the halls of Congress we hear
men bellowing war and extermina
tion against ia people whose only
crimeo is a simple difference of opin
ion as to how the citizen shall enjoy
liberty. Morton and Logun are the
grand re.servoirs from wll hom the les
ser vessels obtain their supply of
venom and abuse. Upon the simple
request of Senator Thurman of Ohio,
for the authority he must produce to
sustain his conduct in dispersing the
leg:l legislature of Louisiana, these
worthies assail the Southern people
with all the bitterness of nature, and
endeavor to sustain the acts, totally
without warrant of law or facts, of
Gen. Grant their President, and Slier
idan their Lieutenant, of whom we
shall speak herein, by a wholesale
abuse of a people already driven
to dispair by bad government and
robbery. This style of "spread ea.
gleismn" has become of late to be re
garded as "sound coin," and vitupera
tion and foul-mouthed falsehoods are
to a certain class of the North-evi
dences of logical statesmenship and
pure loyalty. What a scene this must
present to and European monarchist,
an example well calculated to con
vince him of the utter fallacy, save
in theory, of our modern form of gov
ernment; government that preaches
brotherly love, but conceals under
the cloak of civil liberty, the drawn
dagger of extermination to those who
would enjoy freedom as they desire
not as they are told. It is the repe
tition of the acts of the demagogical
puritan, who canted upon religious
freedom with their lips and acted in
burning, slaying, and cropping the
ears of Quakers, Catholics, Baptists
and others, with their hands. Phil.
Sheridan, whose acts are not only a
disgrace to. his country, but whose
demand to be allowed to exterpate
the white people of Louisiana, are re
volting to the civilized world, is a
hero to the easilysatisfied, sanctimo
nious Caligulas. Even Democratic
New York is in a measure imbued
with respect for these cheap military
Gods, and enacts a resolution of faith
in little Phil's patriotism. Ye Gods!
what patriots are we to be blessed
with nowadays-the murderer of Pie
gan Indian women and children, and
the insulter of civilized humanity is
manufactured into an American pa
triot. How long does. it require to
convince the true feeling citizen of the
North, that they are being made the
dupes of a set of as villainous dema
gogues as ever existed 9 Will it be
when to late to save even the form of
our freedom For we assure them
that the citadel of our liberties is be
ing assailed, while its guardians sleep
in the fancied security of the patriot
ism of Grant, Sheridan and their fol
lowers.
The Natehitoches Repsulican, in
speaking of the enjoining of V. A.
BarrOen sheriff elect by his competi
for, intimates that such should not
be allowed. We are at a los to un
derstand such statement~d Mr. Hyamas
who ran against Mr. Barron certainly
has a right to contest the validity of
aim in theourts of the State
esresto do e, in-wog-j-j'-i- to6
see what the Repumicsa has to do in
thie matter.
These "pap sucking" shbeets have
of late become so sanctifed as to io
agine all ofices in Louisiana were ex- i
pressly made for their benefit. While
on this subject we would advise W,
H. Tunaard to put his name at the
head of its columns as Editor, for any
one with a grain of sight can see
his handwork in its few sqalbs. We
volunteer this advice in advance of
some effusion he migkt publish for
which no one would appear respon
sible.
PLAIN QUESTIONS NOR INVALID.-
Have the routine medicines of the
profession done yeou no good? Are
youadiscouraged and.miserable? If
o, test the properties of the Mnew
Vegetable Spacifc, Dr. Walker's Cal
ifornia Vinegar Bitters ahleady fa
mous as thie aest invigoranlt, correc
tive and alternative, that has ever
seen the light. Dyspeptics and per
sons of billions habit should keep it
within reach, if they value health and
ease.
The Red River Garden(?)
As an evidence of the extent to which
f facts are perverted by the President I
e and his friends in and out of Con. I
Sgress with regard to Southern mat- 4
ters, and particularly that of Lonisi- I
s ana, we have to refer only to the
- threadbare story of the "thriving vil.
SIlage of Counhatta," and the sad fate
u of the "'cealthy young men from the
1 North who came there to build up the 4
n prosperous place," and were outrage- I
Soutsly murdered for their pains.- I
1 Twitchell, the surviving nice young I
e man from the North, with his friend
e and fellow looser Dewees, must feel I
s proud of the honest distinction thatI
their brothers won for the name, when
r they yielded up their lives "for po. i
- litical opinion sake," for had these
F men lived that virtue (which lives
- only in epitaph at best) which death I
earned them, would never hlave been ;
B acquired. A. careful study of the
- facts of the case will at once dispel I
f this beautifully wrought vision of the
e Radical leaders, and the tears which I
, seem to flow and the grief that har
rows up their souls at the death of i
B these worthy young emigrants, will
B be found a grief that reminds one of
B the lachrymal efforts of the croco
I dile.
F The formation of Red River parish
f for political purposes and to furnish 1
a "home and field" for destitute and
R clamorous radical officials, is a mat- E
e ter ot history, and was fought against s
by the conservative people of this
1 parish to the last. Dewees and
" Twitchell came to Louisiana with the I
same intent of all the Carpet-bag
gers, only they hoped to make their I
plunder by a different mode, and in a
more genteel (?) and braver manner. i
1 The capital (I) brought by these "two 1
t enterprising young men . from the i
,North," as our (f) gracious President 4
terms them, consisted of a complete i
e set of burglar's tools, and the photo- 1
- graph of E. W. Dewees proceeded I
5 him to New Orleans, and was dis- I
r played in the rogues gallery by Gen. I
i Badger, then Chief of Police of that i
3 city. These burglars tools were stor- I
- ed by Twitchel and Deowsees in the
warehouse of Lisso & Bros., and there
I captured by the officers of the law
some time after, who being of the I
1 same party as these worthies, hushed i
B the matter up. Every dollar owned (
I by these men, and every restage of pub. I
lic improvement put up by them, which I
I consists onlyof residences for themselves I
9 and families, was paid for by plunder- I
SIs the other white citizens of the Par- .
ish and State; Dewees in the capacity I
of Legislator and Twitcheil as Sena- I
tor, have the reputation all over the
SState of being two of the grandest
I and most cheeky villains in the Gene
F ral Assembly. They came to ourI
b Stats to follow their calling, that of
burglars and thieves, and finding a
I better and less dangerous field in the
- Republitan party for their purpose,
I they at once joined that "noble hand"
" and have at the expense of lhonor and
- law, acquired a fortune, and il tmhe
* opionion of the Mulnhhaueen Presi
B dent, are heroes and aartysj to tihe
B holy (?) cause of republicel princi
Sples.
SWe demand, for a susttioing of
f these charges, that the conIumittee of
a Congress now in session id New Or
- leans call upen the leading (ititens of
p IRed River, to testify to the facts.
- The following gentlemen Save been
summoned to appear in Neu Orleans,
to testify before the Congressional
. Committee now in the ciey: Col's.
.Levy, Burke and Pierson,l Messrs.
C Chaplin, 'PArsn, and 8. Blown and 1
SR. L. Faulkner, the latter two color
5ed. From Red Rivet we see the
r names of C. D. Bullock, T. W. Ab
f ney, Jules Lisso and others. We now
, look with hope for a full itvestiga
Stios oe tals enatire Red -in·. but, i
j bear of intimidation, White League,
Why all this maudlin display of
rsympathy for "poor Cuha-" Is it be- 1
eaote a few thousand negroes are
slaves to a million whites? Another i
instance of the mock hleroiCe philan- I
tropy of the New England demago-l'
Sgaes. An hundred thousand Ahtle me I
In Louisiana are in chains; Ia State l]
is trembling on the verge of analhila. I
r tioo,and these freedom shriekers find
time to sympatize with Cuba.. Bah II
It makes us sick to see such weak eof
forts to convince an enlighteed world
- of the great "magnanimltj" of the
i American freemam (1)
f The mas meeting of whlh we
r gave notice in our last iesue, is post
- poned until further notice, for the
- reason that the Committee amre now
. acting upon the Louisiana afair and
r partieularly the election of 1874, and
Swe bide the result of their labor. Due I
Snotice will be given in these columns
I of'the day and of thie mass meeting,
should circumstances require.
El. C. Myers.
This individl h,as lately combined
that of :1 witness and an object of in
. timi hation to his other numerous
qualities. Sheridan, we understand
from private sources, places great
faith in the truthfulness of this holy (?)
Judge and holds up the statement of
Myers' treatment by our people, as
strong evidence of our "bandit" pro
clivities. Unfortunately for Sheridan
this evidence upon which he relies so
much won't bear handling, for no
man that knows Myers would believe
I him on oath; he says that "we ran
I him away from the bed-side of his
dying father, and ostracised him on
account of political opinion only." It
is notorious that Myers neglected in a
shameful and heartless manner his
aged parent, and that kind neigh
bors fed and cared for him while his
son izerer called to see him at all, du.
rinig his long and last illness. Peter
Robinson, a worthy colored man, tes
tifies on oath, that Myers employed
him as nurse to old Myers ; that he
continued as such for more than four
months; that Henry C. Myers never
cai lled to see his father during the whole
time, and that often in his walks, the
son passed the house of his father
and did not even stop to enquire of his
I health; and said Peter Robinson states,
that the father was fed, medicined
and nursed mostly at the expense of
some of the Israelites of Natchitoches,
and that he, (Robinson,) would not
continue longer to nurse, because
Henry C. Myers, this lovely son, re
fused to pay him.
While here from boyhood, we chal
lenge him to prove even when he was
a Democrat that he ever entered de
cent society. lie has been a thief and
a vagabond all his life, and it is but
reasonable to suppose that the fact
of his becoming a radical, in no way
injured his social standing, for to the
knowledge of the oldest inhabitant
he never had any. His respect even
for the memory of the author of his
being, is exemplified by .the manner
in which he uses it, simply to gratify
his inordinate taste for lying, and for
"party purposes."
We sick and tire of such men, but
when they villify a whole community
by such slanders as this, we cannot
Irefrain from expressing our feelings.
Our witnesses just gone to New Or
leans, will tell the Commnittee and
Gen. Sheridan a tale quite different to
that of Myers' in relation to himself,
and if all are not convinced that My
ers is a puppy, thief and liar, then
truth and the English language have
lost their force-and
"With all the tokens of a knave complete,
If he be honest, his is a tkhv'lish cheat."
ThIe Northern Rtalcals seem to
have become suddenuly self-complaia
cent when thie President in his late
message on Louisiana washes his
hI ands of the responsibility of the ac
tion of Federal troops, and think the
American public are to be satiseed
with thie worn out verdict of "nobody
Ito blame"; but we would inquire of
Ithese complacent patriots, if this use
Sof troops was all wrong, was illegal
Why repeat it at Vicksburg and why
not undo what has been done in Loa
isians by placing the eonstituents in
s tatlu guo ? Or has the declaration of
certain radicals become orthodox that
I "when once a ruler does a wrong he
must not correct it 9 It may be to
certain people that this concession
from the President that he did an un
constitutional act in dispersing the
legal legislature of Louisiaina, is a
point gained in principle, but we
think that this repentance without
restitution is all bosh. The better
way for the President to shoiw his
'"faith is by work," the fruit of which
should be the withdrawal ot his sup.
port and allow the installing of the
legally elected Speaker, Wilts, and
his memibers of the neeral Assembly,
until which is done, we will conceive
all this twaddle in the late menssage
rabout "responsibility and orders," to
.amount to nothing.
,The President has overstepped law
Sin twenty instancese in the South, and
.he has never yet corrected it. If this
. "I don't know any bettern excuse is
1to pass current always, we would
,like to knhaow it. As long as Grant
Sruns in this line, he can expect noth
Siug but oppesition from us, and as he
Iseems determined to keep up his
Sviolence, we suppose the resistance
will be perpetual.
Some of our friends take it as a
personal insult to stop their paper
when not paid for in advance. We
have our rul and they must beeomppi
ed witl ; all mubseriptionu must be paid
'i advance, and eo eception will be
made to any one.
Don't fail to slubscribe for the VIN.
DICATOR, only tlhree dollars per
Syear, and you get the "live paper" of
Natclhiteches. Ofie on St. Denis
street.
Another Lie Nailed.
FULL REPORT OF TIHE N.TCIHITO
CHES MUIDIEIRS.
Put this down, Gen, Sheridan.
More White Men Killed by Negroes,
than Negroes by White Mnea.
ALL THE ASSASSINATION DONE BY
NEGROES.
We append a list of the murders
committed in this parish since 1S6ti,
which are compiled from the, docket
by Sheriff Burke. No crime has been
conunitted here which has not been
promptly laid before the courts, al
ways Radical, and no reason can be
assigned by them for not punishing
the craninals, save their own inert
ness. Radical judges and negro ju
rors are the cause of crime.
1866.
S. B. Newman, Wm. Kimball, Law
son Kimball, all white, (Boullt's gang)
killed negro Ursam Tenace.
Jas. Washington, Edmond Odl;am,
Rose Caldwell, (all colored radicals,)
killed John Caldwell, col. rad.
Tom Chapman, col. Rad., killed
col. child two years old.
Thos. Freeman, white, killed John
Blackburn, col.
Wm. Fisher, col. rad., killed hlis
own child.
1867.
H. E. Adcock, white, dem. killed
A. J. Fletcher, white, dem. *
Jacob Green, white, dem. killed J.
W. Lee, white, dem,
lelary George, col. rad. killed Rube
Cary, col. rad.
R. S. Jones, J. S. Jones and R. i.
Jones, (all white radicals,) killed C.
W. Stauffer, white rad.
1868.
E. Labuzin, white, killed Thomas
Pierson, col.
Unknown parties killed Alfred IIa
son, oeel.
J. W. Little, rad. Dep'ty. Sheriff,
killed Harris Cole, in attempting to
arrest.
Colored Radicals killed Adam Car
naham, white democrat, in the night.
Nama Tauzin, white boy, killed
Ben Metoyer, colored boy, accidently.
1860.
J. F. Baird, white, dem. killed J.
T. Walters, white, dem.
John Justice, white, dem. killed
Gen. Snoddy, white, dem.
Irene Fisher, colored woman, kill
ed Liddie White, col. woman.
Isreal Sheppard, Ruben Braxton,
Robt. Braxton, all colored, rad. kill
ed Win. Jones, eel.
Andy Bosley, colored, rad. killed
Tip. Gilliam, white, dem.
Wm. Welsh, Henry Pagan, colored,
rads. killed Jacob Mains, white, dela
Clas. Holmes, Frnnk Holmes, Ben
ton Holmes, colored, rad. killed Tom
Chapman, colored, dem.
Nat. Garner, white, den. killed
Dyer, white, dea.
1871.
J. J. Woods, white, dem, killed
Desmoond, white, des.
P. E. Roach, white, rad. killed
Martin Hankains, colored, rd.
Nelson Green, colored, rad. killed
Seaburn Martin, colored, rad.
1872.
A. Michealson, white, dem. killed
Jas. Jilks, white, dem.
Negroes assassinated Alma Jones,
white, dem.
Negroes assassinated A. J. Bale,
white, deam.
Martin Drind, colored, rad. killed
Rufus Ellis, colored, rad.
1873.
King Ienady, Alex. Kennady,
colored, rad'. killed Walker Sweet,
colored, tad.
Jeff. Longimo, white, dem. killed
LaModiere, white, dean.
Randall King, colored, rad. killed
Alex. Young, colored, rad.
Chas. Trichel, white, killed Sam.
J6ines, eltorsd.
Jo. Goodrich, colored, killed Joe
Burns, colored.
1874.
Leon Vaunier, colored, rad. killed
M. P. Blackltoale, white, mad.
Jas. Collier, Dep'ty. Sheriff, killed
Sapp, colored, in trylag to arrest him.
Henry Bedmond, colored, rad. kill
ed Chas. Brumby, elored, deam.
T. J. Clark, white, killed George
Washing, colored.
Jas. Brooks, colored, killed James
Gingham, colored.
Charles Bell, killed by unknown
parties, and although iaquest was
held, radleal Coroner refused to re
turn.
Amos Wright, colored, rad. killed
Jules Jotrion, colored, dea.
Anthony Thomas, Jack Strong,
colored, killed 8emore Richard, col
ored, rad.
W. A. DiDl, white, rad. killed Fitz
gerald, white, dea.
Negre Wallet, white, killed John
Jackson, Indian.
Gen. Sheridan can now make his
report, and we defy him to point to a
single instance of the ki;ihig i,.
man for political purposes.
,We conclude this with an :tt:a;'
coppied from the La. State l:r.lite.r, a
Republican Journal of Lo:iiktaaa, ;ule
it speaks for itself:
Lately there has been a great (:;a
of printer's ink expendl-" i4 tei
how nmany men have Iw. nu 'ern erltd
in Louisiana, and that tie umrdeh.r,
are .;: wished. 'L'is thiing ha.
going on about the same r: :
years, and we do not e'xactly .,:
what has now called such nIii:.
altletion in the matter. As loli ats
we have such a milk-ana-water gib
ernlmelltt, as Itow nlliilllal " our. ;.
fairs, there will be Ino in,,In.r"emeQent
in this particular, for it is ,otolriou.
tir its weakness. It reminds us of thme
capajcities o oa youang whipqpoort i.ll
described by an hol Pentsas? Iv:ai~n al
"powerful weak." The l:'c:nt St;tr
government cannot take care of it.
self to say nothing alout ullnishinr.
evil-doers, atnd worse than all, there
is no prhobability that it will ever be
able to do any better. Kehllog is con.
tinually making blunders that. bring
anbout the very evils that alire cha~el.
on the people. He condssiolted
two Sherith fa tihe parish of G:at,
anti the C(olftix massacre was the :e.
stlt. In this case opploSlte Parties
were represented by a mran waiili
Sheriff's commission in his pocket,
both claiming the support of K]elleg.
The world knows the result of thli
ctiminal blundering, but doultles~
compatcrativelr few know of Kellog";;'
complicity. Kellogt istl. thl;U rtd
of the ratscallity element in the rqcpeb.
Ican party. Hoie has, by his dc,ubhl
dealing and imlbecility. driven aw;ay
from the support of his adntmiistr; .
tion almost every decent man in the
party. He is surrounded by the worst
lobby, and the most umc'rpuluou
gang of plunderers tLat ever digracn
ed a government by its support So
long as this cendition of a:tiars eon.
tinues, so long will ramder be com.
men, and the worst element of sacie
ty will ride roughshod over every
principle of justice and law. ilut we
are toldd that this condition of Qur af
fairs is entirely owing to the lack of
sympathy and support the people
give the State government. Talis ih
not true. The fact is, this lack of
support is cansed by the worthle*
ness of the State government. and its
encouragement of tlhe rasiehtly (e
ment instead of the honest one. De.
cent people cannot support it, for the
reason that if they support and en
dorse the State administration, they
must also endorse the hangers~on,
the camp-followers, who adhere to
its fortunes for the purpose of plun
mering the dead, and who furnish
Kellogg with advice and counsel.
Auditor Clinton presents to the
rump Legislature the following n:ua.
ed tax collectors as defaulters, ritkh
the amounts they are short.
Names. Parish or District. A.mott,,
J. C. Head...... Iossier.......~2,544 d6
R. K. Andrhr.ron..Carroli....... .1,4t
T. G. Williams..Caldwell .... 1it.lt X7
James Forsyth..Catahoula..... 13,757 2
R. A. Dewees....DleSoto....... 19.!Ii W
J L. Montien...Jeflterusm....... t19 (4:;
Ernest Mfartiu..Lafiayette..... 9.9w; 37
I). I1. hMonllt.. ..Natehitochles.. 17.014 18
W. H. McVey..,Franklini....... UI,ti; 7
J. 8. Fowler.....Jackson....... Il,OI -
C. L. Fisher....E. Feliciana ... 331 1)
H. J. Twitchtll.lRed River..... 15,118 O
O. Delahousaye.St. Martin..... 1i.34:5 8
Jas. Bh. Wand..Tangiahoa.... 801 60
V. Trahan.... Vernillion ..... ,.32 2
J. B.Carmaso....Tangipalhat.... Sil
GB. Settoon..Livington..... 711 4
J. F. Merrill..Ibervile....... 1,221
J. R O iyne....Union......... 5 40
B. Darie......Point CoUpec. 1.0 SB
A very neat sam in the agbregate,
that the people loose by such a thiev
ing mst as have been plying their we
cation of tax gatherers for Kellogg's
!usrpation, for two years past.
Political field in the pariah quiet,
beyondexpression. No one longing
for olefials or courts save thus
who "live by the court." The pe
pie have at last got the mattter
hand and are determined their wish
es shaull be consulted in future.
Latest.
Kellogg appoints a Mayor for
Shreveport. Thie Investibgating Coa
mitte still engagdd on the returning
board. Proposition to canvass de
returns of 1874r , unde advisement.
MIcEnery again submits to their ar
bitration, the return4 of 1872. W.
A. Weeks, the so-called Secretary -
State, was killed by a negro, Haua
Swing dodge the questia.
The N. O. Repaubls a feels that e
.are disgraced as a pebple by keel"
ingour creditors ,wa ting, day aIsr
day, for their money, and under th
head of creditors we see he maes
oficials. Let them howl for their
pay ! If they commence this early V*
fear their powers will be taxed to a
considerable extent. Kellogg has
get the last dollar his government
willevter hadle of the people's money,
it is auseless to ask for more. ' Howl
on ye creditors, and if you want
money "don't yeou wish youea may get
it
The following notice was displayed
at the corner of a street in New Or
leans, last Fourth :-Gentlemen are
earnestly requested not to fire d
their revolvers near this corner, as
the proprietor of the peanrat-stanud is
nervous, and has a double.barrelled
sheot-gun costantly on haud.