It is certainly incumbent on all Ame.
rican citizens on 'the eve of an inipor
tant election to informthihemselves on
the issues involved. Do not be "led
blindly like sheep' to the shambles"
where questions of serious and grave
import are at stake. Vote, but in
God's name, vote intelligently. Read
what we copy from the N. 0. Bulletin:
The Proposed Amendment to the State
Constitution,
LTr TIIlE PIOPLE HIEAD AND BEWARE OF
KELKOGU'H$ FUNDING BILLs
There are but few of our citizens
who realize the importance of the pro
posed amendment to our State con
stitution. The question presented to
the suffragans is one involving the
most vital interests to our State. If
the amendment should be accepted it
will have the effect of forever here
after precluding any inquiry into that
class of indebtedness known to be
fraudulent, and neither the courts nor
the legislature can give us any aid,
no matter how iniquitous may be the
claim or how villainous the account.
Every citizen should consider that
his vote on this question will have
the effect of either saddling us with
the burdens imposed upon us by the
infamnous usurpation or freeing aus
from their paralyzing effect. We
have hitherto shown in the columns
of this paper that over $5,000,000 of
the State's indebtedness is notorious
ly fraudulent, and how much more it
is impossible to say. If the amend
ment should be adopted, all this and
much more will become the boenade
obligations of the State, and our citi
zens compelled to pay them notwith
standing they know the same to be
but the issue of the conspirators and
Plunderers of thelpeople. Let every
man see that he votes against this
monstrous measure. Let every one
note that this is the last gasping
breath of the horde and mongrel
pack of thieves who seek to perpetu
ate their robberies in this fair State
of Louisiana.
Vote down tife amendment !
The arrival of United States troops
in our midst has been made the occa
sion by some of this class (colored)
for steaming themselves up with the
bad whisky of a corner grocery and
then giving advice calculated to in
jure all who follow it. We desire the
colored people to thoroughly under
stand their position, and the duties
of the officers of the Government, so
that they may not be led into any
trouble by hot-heads of their own or
the white race.
Federal soldierb are not sent to
Louisiana for the purpose of encour
aging or assisting the colored people
in maintaining an insolent or defiant
demeanor towards the whites¶ nor are
are they here for the purpose of plac
ing any one in an office or position to
which they may not be entitle.-
Soutlhwestern Telegram.
We would call the attention of oar
colored eitizens to the above, taken
from one of tleir own papers, and as
they are always disposed to act in
accordance with the teachings of their
own organs, it would be well for
them to take heed i, time.
fAdvertiesakatrJ
A CARD,
lHaving leaimedfrom good authori
ty, that one E L. Pierson, (called
Coley for short) in his speech, or rtth
er harangue t1 the colored people last
Saturday, 14' 1l vilfcations. of Be
pubiemai, tid the iosion t ,say
that "I was not a itublieC , but a
Democrat, :and hat, eelo d t-tlIs
d liaaor to tie Dekoerats! ' which is
false in, evey .itleP,' If he did
not knodw tlat ~ tatents were
false whe i tatthm, he is not
posted well eose to j(p jt each.e
of even the ms 'igiorant colored
man.
I will infsirdj Mr. 'Iieob tha* I
Slas ,Bepubhilea, it" '2, whit lieh
one theoqlaQmootors Rspbhiesar.s'n
of as Ameri crlj that ·of atist
o elo , o the re o fi
hstatiee, theresafli ui, ~ act4 u
ah-_ we w to  oa yeo
* M~ ~gi.A 6Vdgpg 4&. xn,
--041 M-Nase
woatd 4Uof Ca, Jge
'Coamma B a. wd.. e.
m:I:uchba age: y y e.
A Specimen Brick. i
The lRepublican leaders evince just
now a strong disposition to again- set i
the Northern heart ablaze against the Ii
peoiple of the South by their exagge- "
ration of real occurrences of violence
in that unfortunate section, and by
their indorsenient as true of preten
ded assassinations of negroes by,
whites. The 'inventive faculties, of
every scalawag and carpet-bagger are
put to work to manufacture riots,
murders and assassinations commit
ted, as alleged, for the purpose of ter
rorizing the true friends of the Gov- f
ernment. Loyalty is again on the y
rack, and the people of the North t
must to the rescue-until after the
elections. A scallawag Iy the name
of HAYS, a nmember of Congress from
Alabama, has been making himself ti
conspicuous by his lies and exaggera- P
tions against the people' of his own
State. He addressed a letter recent
ly to Hawley, of Connecticut, in
which he undertakes to give an ac
count of the misdeeds of the whites
of his District against the loyal blacks. C
Before narrating his chapter of hor
rors, he is careful to say that he will r
be particular to relate no rumors, to g
color no atrocity, to set down naught
in malice, but simply to give well su
thenticated facts, with dates, Inames,
and localities, so that every mani in the ti
land may himself verity the accuracy e
of his statements, if he deems it ne
cessary. That is to make the North- a
ern people receive his statements in a
less questioning spirit. With this
preface we give a specimen brick of n
his structure of falsehoods. In giving
an account of the persons who had
suffered violent deaths in his Con
gressional District, le says: 5
"Again, I gather, from the Meridian q
AMereury (Democrat) an account of V
the killing of five negroes in North g
Sumter on the night of August 24,
1874. Nothing is known as to why I
these negroes were killed i. ''lthey
were all shot. The correspondent of
the Mercury, writing from Gainesville, ,
Alabama, August 26, 1874, facetiously
remarks that 'two of the crowd' 'went E
dead in a corn-field.' This Dem.
cratic correspondent concludes his ar
ticle as follows: 'All these deaths a
occurred on the night of the 24th, e*
cept the negro women, who was kill- J
ed early on the morning of the 25th.'
Mr. Vincent (the gentleman who gave
the correspondent the item of news)
being asked 'if it was a good night
for killing',' answered 'Not it had
been dry for some weeks."
Though lie says nothing is known
as to why those negroes were killed,
yet in the introductory remarks of
his letter to Bawley he says the hor
rors he is going to narrate were com
mitted to terrify the true friends of
the Government. And in the abore
statement the object evidently' is to A
make the country believe thoie 'five a
negroes were killed by whites be- ce
cause they were negroes. The Mon
gomery Advertiser publishes the ac- d
count from the Mereury, from which I
the Hoen. Hays made up his romance,
and which number of the Mercury, he
must have had before him when he
was concocting his story. This is
what the Mercury contained :
GAr1cESVILLE, ALA.. t
"Editor Mercury :-Five negroes li
came to a sudden deathl on the unight
of the 24th, in the Tompkiuo: neigh
borhood, north end of this coiutry.
It appears that two negro mnen 9ent
dead in a corn-field for stealing corn,
at the handseof unknown parties. A
third was killed in a fracas with oth
er negroes. The fourth man 'was
playing with a negro girl, gun in hand,
and was accidently killed by tihe dis- i
charge of the gun. The fifth tragedy ,
was that of a negro woman, Whpse t
Ihusband deliberately shot her in the a
head, producing instant death. He i
had previously threatened to kill her.
He passes through here this mornipg, i
en roofe for Livingston jail, escorted
by Mr. Vincent."
The reader can see at a glance how t
the ease stands: two negroes shot in I
a corn-field for stealing corp ;another I
negro killed in a fracas with other ae
groes; another negro shot.accidental
y a negress; andthe 'fifth negro,'
a wife deliberately shot by her negrb
husband" All of tlhat is bad enough, I
we admit, but we don't tee what any
of the killing had to do with terror- a
izing be. true friends of the Govern-c
meot, We can hot discover wherein
"loyalty" we.nuch .;mnartyrised in
any of those killings, nor why the
Northern heart should be particular
ly ti4 on thefr aceount. Yet Hayi '
statement is'rolled'.by the Republhnh
leaders under their tonguaes 'ks a iw4et
moel, whiletyeg congratuaite tihetn- 1
selvee n the vtes ,its is sur~,to make 1
f.r the Bepubliean pazty, They
double. pry for more murders of
the same sorts, r4evea *.rse oneslfor
that matter, as it is about the binly'
rhm this*h:klwlbel ert1a~Ci mi .0iati
ThoIilmaIdg Oprton~itf Dr in
'Walker's Vineegr Bitters in Chronica
dersoi deflied'c of mplt
power, and *1l anstedies atlqqting the
stomach, the, iveri ~e: bowels, the
pulmonary organs- or the museular i
system, is exciting the woider of,
scientiafic eI " and biting sue.,~
sensatinuon ng thie iel ais w,ane# c I
before witessed li ay an ge. The
sales of tbhispreat vegetablr e remedy
have been quadropled within singlie
1year.
In the trs aieterdasj wes developred
the fact that smbpeBmas ifr w:.taease
iwerea !ibmmitiba Comitesoner Iluett.,
usacOmnittted [-E-.O. . BulIti ;
Financial, Commercial and i iver News.
COTTON in our market holds ip in
price, nlotwithstandiug the scaling front
all grades of from * to lc. per pound on
account of the new classification, the
ruling figures being same as quoted last
week from 11 ' 13tc.
COTTON STATEMENT.
On hand last report........ 522 bales
Received during week........116 "
Total receipts...... 638 "
Arrivals of steamers for the week at
G(rand Ecore, are the Sabine, and C. II
l)urfee both with middling good trill
for the season. Cotton is going 'trward
quite freely a $1.50 per bal, freight.
Up freights, 1 card rates.
MARKET QUOTA.IONS.
(It should be remembered our quota
tions are for round lots, at retail, higher
prices will have to he paid.)
Corrected Weekly by Carver & Taylor.
Cottonl....... ........................II D 13c.
1ides, dry........................... 121 --c
Hides, green .............. .. .....5 tic
BAc1os.-The market is in lifited supply.
Clear sides are quoted at f91; shoulders at 15c;
Breakfast bdeon at 21c.
FLoUR.--Is in good sunliply with fair demand.
We qunots XX at # 5:,: eIr XXX 7 i0s7 2!5 and
good XXX at d 7; Choice XXX at #9 550; choice
family 11 51).
P'oui.-None in the market.
!am;;INs;.--In fair supply, demand fair.- lHemp
andl jute at 2C: per yard. No India in market.
LAIn.-In light supply with good demand. In
tier'es 2 Ic; in kecs 22.
* IAMs--Are in light sutpply and demand limit
ed Canvassed are quoted l0oc.
SALT.-In goodt supply. Liverpool coarse sells
at $ 25 per sack. tine 15@23c higher.
Savu GuOas.--None but rye in market which
is quoted at $175 per bushel.
Iaox TIEs.-The market is in good supply.
The arrow is held at Io and the button at 10.
per pound.
MoL..AssR.-Scarce. Choise Louisiana is ie
ing sold at-; prime at 900. per gallon. By the
ke 8 00o 9 50
OAL OIL.-Is in good supply and is hold at
50c. per gallon.
Toncco.-Supply good. Good medium is
quoted at 65c..and line bright at 90c.,a1 25 per
pound.
Coirn-The supply in limited and demand
good Prime at 3:I and choice at -
RlcaR.-No Carolina in market. Louisiana is
held at l2 '. per pound.
Cox.--Isin good supply but no demand.
SOAP.-Extra olive bar IOc.
SUc;a-Louisiana prime is quoted at :- yel.
low clarified @ 1'2Ic; crushed and powderedl
15e.
W sHI.K.-White and Red Pre held at 81 50
per gallon; Bourbon aommands $516 50 per gal
SorT:-Is in good supply with fair demand and
sold at o 75 .per sack and back shot.at $3.
PowiaV.-The supply is limited and is held
at .hc. ther nound.
J. W. SUDDATH. JOHN CHAMBERS.
SUDDATH & CHAMBERS.
Forwarding, Receiving
-AND-
Commission Merchants,
GrIo ECORE, LA.
-dealers in
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, HARDWARE,
CUTLERY, &c. A
And a full and complete stock of general
merchandise suited to the wantsof the I
country trade. "
Consignments of cotton and merchan
dize for shipment solicited and prompt
ly attended to.
Oct. 24-1y.
MIDWIFE RY.
M] S. MAUPEU, has the honor of in
forming the ladies of Natchitochles
that on account of present hard times, and
at the solicitation of many families, she
has reduced her pric' :Hereafter she
will charge only $15.00 for professional
services.
MRS. JOHN MAUPEU.
Oct 24-3i.
Platform of the White People's
Party.
We, the white people of Louisiana, em- i
bracing the Democratic Party, the Con- i
servative Party, the White Man's Party,
the Liberal Party, the Reform Party and
all others opposed to the Kellogg usur
pation do solemnly resolve and declare: 1
I. That the government now existing
in Louisiana originated in, and has been I
maintained by force and fraud, in oppo
sition to the will of a large majority of
the voters of the State; in opposition to
the principles of the Constitution of the I
United States and in violation of every I
priuciple.ofjustice and liberty.,
2 That the dominant faction of the I
Radical party in this State has, by false I
and fraudulent representations, inflamed
the passions and prejudices of the ne- I
groes, as a race, against the whites, god I
has thereby made it necessary for the a
white people to unite and act together in I
self-defense and the preservation of white I
civilization.
3. That the rights of all men under the I
Constitution and lawp of thq land must
be respected. aldt prserv intiolate, it
respective ot race, color or previous con -
dition, but we deny that Congress can a
Constitutionally enact laws to force the I
two races into social union or equality.
4. That the white people of Louisiana I
have no desire to deprive the colored "
people of any rights to which they are en- 1
titled, but we are coyi}nced that the re- I
forms imperativedlji 'manded, can be l
effected only by electing to office white
men of known cspacity and integrity,
and we believe that large numbers of
colored citizens will vote with us to se
cure a government which must be bene
fAcial alike to both races.
5. That we disclaim earnestly any in
tention fe. in , Or eIftemiitptg to car
ry, the *_Iiing eleeti~ liy ven iolence,
and that charges to this effect emanating
from our Radical enemies, are without
foundation and are falsely made for the
purpose of obtaining the aid, of the mil
itary force of the United States in order
to over-awe the people, perpetuate the
existing usurpation and subvert the true
principles of the government.
6. That W. P. Ke.e~g is smeaw usurp
er anud .ri duit miee imei In6hh thit his
government ft arbitrary, unjust and op
pressive; and that 4t can maintain it
self only through Federal interference.
7. That the election and registration
laws under which this election is being
eonducted were intended to perpetuate
the usarpation by depriving the people
and especally our natr rliazed citisens of
se4prtpp uaity tregilter and rote, but
we announce, distinctly, that it is the
determination of the people to have a
fair and free election and to see that the
result is not changed by fraud or violence.
. That we extend to all our race in
S Ume the riLtBb~y. of fellowphi
9 That while we are in favor of meet
ing puilletunally the paymaent of the legit
imnate debt of Louisiana, we are iunnn.
vably opposed to the recoguilfions issued
in the name of the 8tate, and we pledge
ourselves to make a searching investiga
tion in the matter.
We advise our people to vote against
they amendments to the Constitution pro
posed by the usurping Legislature and
pledge ourselves on the restoration of thl
government to honest hands, to providle
for the paymlent of all honest indebted,
nes of the State.
Prospeetut for 1874-Seventh tear.
.......=_
An Illustrated Monthly journal, uil versal
ly admitted to be the Handsoniest Pe
riodieal in the World. A Relpre
sentative and Cliaumpioil of
American Taste.
THE ALDINE, while issued with all the
regularity, has none of the temporary 6r
timely interest characteristic of ordinary,
peridlicals. It is an elegant nuiscellany
4of pure, light and graceful literature; and
a collection of pictures, the rarest speci- o
m10.1 of artistic skill, in black and white.
Altlhough each succeeding nuamnber atlords
a fresh pleasure to its frieinds, the real gi
value and beauty of the ALDINE will be ci
most appreciated after it has been bound A
up at the close of the year. While other R
journals llmay claim superior cheapness, as
comnupared with ri .als of a similar class,
the A LrINi1 is a unique and orighial cot
ception--alone and unliapproached abso
Itely without competition in price or
character. The possessor of a complete
volume cannot duplicate the quantity of
flune paper and engravings in any other
shape or number of volumes for ten times
its cost; and then, there are the Chromes
besides !
ARit' DEPARITMENT, 1874.
The illustrations or the ALDINE have
won a world-wide reputation, and in the
art centres of Europe it is an admitted fact
that its wood cuts are examples of the
highest perfection ever attained. The
common prejudice in favor of 'steel plates'
is rapidly yielding to a more educated and
dliscrimiinatilg taste which recognizes the
advantages and superior artistic qualihty
with greater falcility of production. The
wood-cuts of the AiLnix. possess all the
delicacy and elaborate tinish of the most
costly steel plate, while they afford a bet
ter rendering of the artist's original.
To fully realize the wonderful work
which the Aldine is doing for the cause of
art culture in Anmerica, it is only neces
sary to consider the cost to the people of
any other decent representations of the
productions of great painters.
In addition to designs by the members
of the National Academy and other noted
American artists, the Aldine will repro- J
duce examples of the best foreign masters,
selected with a view to the highest artis.
tic success and greatest general interest.
Thus the subscrilber to the Aldine will, at T
a trifling cost, enjoy in his own home the
pleasures and retining influences of true
art.
The quarterly tinted plates for 1874 will
be by Thus. Moran and J D. Woodward
The Christmas issue for 1874 will con.
fain special designs appropriate to the
season, by our best artists, and will sur of
pa-s in attractions any of its predecessors w
Premituus for 1874.
Every subscriber to the Aldine for 1874 a
will receive a pair of chromos. The orig- a
inal pictures were painted in oil for the
publishers of the Aldine, by Thomas Mo
ran, whose great Colorado picture was tI
purchased by Congress for ten thousand ,
dollars. The subjects were chosen to rep- o
resent ' The East" and "The West." One
is a view of the White Mountains, New
Hampshire; time other gives the clifli of
Green RiverY, Wyoming Territory. The
dillerence in the nature of the scenes
themselves is a pleasing contrast. and af.
lords a good display of the artist's scope P
and coloring. The chromos are each work°
ed from thirty distinct plates, and are in
size (12 by 16) and appearance exact fac
similes of the originals. The presentation hi
of a worthy example of America's greatest p,
landscape painter to the snbscribes of the u
Aldine was a bold but peculiarly happy!
idea, and its successful realization is at
tested by the following testimonial, over is
the signature of Mr. Moran himself: ir
Newark, N. J., Sept- 20, 1873. ft
Messrs. James Sutton & Co.,
Gentlemen-I am delighted with the
proofs in color of your chromos. They are c
wonderfully successful representations by al
mechanical process of the original paint
ings. Very Respectfully,
T e o TosMAs IoIAx. i
These chromos are in every sense Amer. a
ican. They are by an origmal American ui
proeess, with materials of American man- e
ufacture, from designs of American scene- .
ry by. an American painter, and presented c
to subscribers ti the tit succeesful Art g
Journal., If no better because of all this. O
they will certaithypossess an interest no r
foreign productioni can insire, and neither
are they any the worse if byreason of pe.
euliar facilities of production they cost
the puplishers only a trifle, while EQUAL 0
in every respect to other chromes that are
sold singlylfor DOUBLE the subscription
price of the MADIN. Persons of tate
will prize these pictures for themselves
not for the pried they did or did not cost, 9
and will sporeciate the enterprise thate
renders their distribhtion possible.
If aIly hseribihr'should indicate a pre- 4
ferencefer a figure subject, the pnblishes's
wflttda:' Thonghts of Rome "a new and
beautiful chromo, 14 by 20 inches, repre
sentidg altter Italian exile, whose speak
ing eb, ry the loagmngs of his heert.
'TERIM8:
r/ fdnO. In Advance, with Chromos.
650 (eitds Extra, the chromos will be
sent mounted, varnished and prepaid by
mail. -
TheA.ALD;E will lureafter be obtainable a
only by ubsc*sptiont There will be no S
reduiv4 dr club rate; cash for sdbiscrip- ii
tie.,tast be ent to the publishersirect, a
torhandedi to~teblocal canvasser, without
respomnibility to the publishers, only in
casewikerelthe certificate is given, bear
ing~thefaosimile signature of the publish
ers
CxvAisv s WarsTD.-Any person who '
wishes to aet permanently as a local ean
vafer; will receive full and prompt in
formation by applying to
JANi15 SUTTON i1 Co., PMbllimsrs,
58 Maiden Lane, NEW YORK
OBSTACLES TO MABRIAGE.
Happy Relief fo1 young Rea from
the eeSt of Errots and Ablues in early
life. Manhood Restored, Impedimenta
to Marriage removed. Tew method of
treatment. New and 'remarkable re-e
dies., Books ap dircular& sent fr,, in
sealcld envelqis. Address, 'HOWARD
AS5O(IATION 0:o. 2 South Niatk 84.,
Philadelphia, Pa., an Institution having
as high icpata'iou for hontg~ e e_41eot
HENRY GENIUS,
Worker in Tin, Copper and
SHEET IRON.
Corner FRONT & TRUDEAU STS.,
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
Also, constantly on band all kinds of,
HEATING AND COOKING STOVES
of the most improved patterns.
All mny stovea sold at city price and
guaratyteed to be as represented. Lib
eral advantages offered to the trade.
Also, a flue stock o, Tiuware, Metallic
Rooting, &e.
Gutters and pipes promptly and care-.
fully repaired.
HENRY GENIUS,
Corner Front and Trudeau Sts.,
Natebhitoches, La.
Jan. 17, 1874.--lv.
I)ANIEL PRATT'S
IMPROVED COTTON GIN.
PRICE REDUCED
To $4 Per Saw..
C. L. WALMSLEY, Agent,
July 25-tf. INATCHITOCHES, LA.
The Saturday Evening Post.
The Oldest and Best Story Paper Pub
lished.
Founded August 4, A. D. 1821.
For more than half a century the
Saturday Evening Post has been the
GREAT LITERARY WEEKLY
of the Country, alud has ever borne a
widesprei ad td nnble,mished reputation
for thile unsurpased pulrity, refinement
and excellence of the Serials. Sketches
and Miscellaneous reacding matter.
It is pre-eminently
The Best Family Paper
that is published in this country, from its
never containing Jiything that would
offend the feelings of any one, either in
a religions or political seuse, or that
could not be read at any fireside without
objection from the most fastidious.
The circullation of the Saturday Even
ing Post, through not quite so large
pueriaps, as its younger contelmporaries,
i s not, like that of some of them, fluctu
ating, and too often short-lived, but
SURE, SOLID AND SUBSTANTIAL, ,
based upon the intrinsic merit of the pa
per itself and not dependent on any ex
traneous influences, such as the populari
ty of individual writers, &c.
Good, however, as the Saturday Even.
ing Post has been in the past, it is our
intenlltion to make it still better in the
future, :ad with this object in view we
will effect a Ilmalrked improvement in eve
ry department of the paper, and will
call to our assistance Writers of admitted
ability and known reputation.
By ilncreasing it former attractions,
and adding many judicious and pleas
ing novelties, by studying how to please
and cultivate the popular taste, by in
creasing industry and enterprise, and by
enlarged facilities, we hope to make new
friends with each and every issue, and
continuae to maintain the claim of the
Slaturday Evening Post to its title of TU
OLDEST AND TIIE BEST of Family Story
Papers.
Terms to Subscribers:
One year 1 copy $3.00 One month 25
2 copiesa 5.00 Two months 50
" 4 copiel 10.00 Three me. 75
" 9 copies 20.00 Four me 1 00
To any one sending $20 for a Cltb of
9, an additional copy will be sent FREE.
Specimen copies can be had on appli
cation. We Emlploy noTraveling Agents.
All communicatlous mnust be addressed to
R. J. C. WALKER, Propietor,
727 Walnut Street,
Philadelphia.
PUB3LIC SPEAKING.
WIIM. M. LEVY, the candidate of the
People's Party 'to repraseunt the
Fourth.Congressiopal District of Lonisi
ana in the next Congress of the United
States, will addremss his fellow-citizens
in said District, at the following time I
and places, viz:
pleasant' Hill, Thursday, eOctober 8th,
ansaleld, Friday, October 9th.
Keachi, Saturday, October 10th.
Shreveport, Monday, October 12h,
. Bellevue, Wednelsday, October 14th,
Minden, Thu.sday, October th.l.
Sparts, ~Smurday. October 17th.
Conshatta, Monday Ootoer 19th.
Wiuraileld, Friday, tosber 'rd,
Montgomery, Saturday, Octob 24th.
Coltih, Monday, Octoer 26th.
Alexandria, Wednesdlay, October 28th.
Natohitoohe., Saturdays October 31st.
Conservatte papers threghoaot the 4th
District will please epy,
Oct, S.-t.
DE c.A LET,
Surgeon Dentist,
NATGIIl TO1IES;, LA.
Or OvFnc n 3 econ, str'et. $et .5-t1'
The World's Fa.'vorite.
rrHE, SALES of the SI(GEI: l ase year
I was the greatest ever atai lned for
any SewinglMachine in a year, a:1l Was
nearly double the sales of its Lighest
col'petitor, as nmay ie seen by ref.renco
to the' accounte of sales for 1773, fro'u
sworn returns madue to the owners of Ithe
-'cwing ŽlMachine Patents--fren whichi
sta.r istics we select thefive'lezdinga ma
chines, viz:
The Singet !;ld :'232,444
"' Wheeler & Wilson, " 119,190
" l)omestie, " 40,114
" Grover & Baker, " 36,176
" Weed, " 21,7G6
It will ,he observed that the differoenl
in favor of the SlNG!"i, is the  unorlamous
amuuount of 113,2'54 over the highest conm
petitor. This result has becen obtained
after' vcetl's of competition.
We submnit to an interested public if it
is claiming too much to say -the Siunger
is the most lpopular; Sewiug;Machiue in
the world.
GEO. W. ROBERTTS,Agent,
Singer Manufacturing Co.,
N1atchitodesh, La.
O09. 3.- m.
J. F. DITTRICH,
-Importer and Dealer in
RIFLES, U.4''S " 'PISTOLS,
Gun Materials, Anmnition and Cut
lory, Itrteehl-loading double guns, of the
latest improved paternm.
Solee :agtent for the "Bismark Deluble
barrel Needle Gun.
.A"o. 82 Chartres Street,
NEW ORLEANS, LA.
Inuzzle loaders altered to Brench loaders
Also repairing done with neatness and
dispatch. All work waarrentetd
March 7-ly.
.T. C. 1)EN IS,
COTTON FACTOR
- -
CCOLMISSIOff MERCI!ANT,
57 Carondelet Street,
|Nxw OLei, Nt.
--EFERS to Dr. J. S. STEPHENS, who
I will aco as his ageunt ad'! reýpreeIatb
tive. Sept 12-'2m.,
NORMAN L. UNDERHILL, -
JUSTICE of the PEACE,
FIRST WARD, CITY OF BATON tOUGLE.
1kpltitons promptly attended to.
July 4.-tf.
PEOPLE'S LINE.
D E (G U L!A t Alexandrigfamd
' Grand Ecore Low'WatorPACKET.
For Grand Eeare, Moatgomery.Mtonth of Cane
Biiter, Alexandria, Rormau's, Barbin's,
and all way' landings Con Red
inter,
* The Al extrene light
(dranglht) pmssengr jateamer,
GARRY OWEN,'
JOHN HEINN,tMseter.
WM. CULBERTSON, Clerk.
HITILL leave New Orleanscwvery Thur
V day, and arrive at Grand Ecore oev
ry Sunday.
For freight or passage apply on board!
Oct. 17.-tf.
Sinnott's Line.
Fall and WInter Arrangement.
For Grand Beore, Montgomery, Alexandri
Pineville, Norman's, Barbin's,
Fort DeRussy,
And All Way Landings,
The A I Magnifcent and feet
rnning slde-wheel passenger
BART ABLEI
TDick Ksor, Master.
0 G. C. HAMxTo.,
T. J. DowIT, 5 Clerks.
ILL leave New Orleans every Satnrdty at
5 P. x., returning leaves Grand Reore
eery Tuesday at 12., and Aleandria every
Wednesday at IfL x.
The steamer
will leave New Orleans for Grand Eeers mnd Ia.
termedlate ladindgs every Saturday at S r. .
The steamer
will leave New Orleans for Grand Ecore and In
termediate landings every Tueidlay as5 P. K.
This arrangement will continue until high
water permit, the BAItT AIL. to ~eatume her re
gular tripe, of which due erotieewtll be given.
For freight or pusae ply on iard.or to
,; -'. " JUL .8 F]ESSI, Agent
WEERLY Pai4ry Peaket.
For Grand Ecore, Mentgomry, Moth *1t' ai
River, Alexandria, Noraun's Bar*
bin's sad all way ladinge,.
on Red River,.
The Al and very light dranght
pussener steamer
. FLET A,.
S. MO.r]nalL, Master. Ji. L. Robtas,';lerk.
L EAVES New Orleans every Tuesday at 5 rP.
u,, arriving at Grand Ehore every Friday
at 1 x. The FLETA will be replaced by a lar
er beat when navigation permits.
Will make close connection at the Falle dn.
rrg extreme low water with the light draught
stesmerldaLeon. Passengers ecan tbe assuredi
that they will be put through withqjut deten
tion and shippers will b~ar In miad that freight
will be promptly delivered as in high water
time.
For freight or passae ply on board er to
• AC.J..Ub.KI$n, Agent.
D. WALLAc G.i. . BRAcKSU.
G. G. WsLDrl. Jo. WALLACE.
Ja. Wass.Aac.
WALLACE.& CO.,
..Importers and Wholesale Dealers in
DRY GOODS,
11 & i3 MAGAZINE Street, and.
79, 81, 85, 87 & 89 COMMON Street,
Aug. 1-Jy. W