elt ~ceptC'. O'indiaitor. - - ht eopit's 'idi ator.
fil- - Published Every S.\TI' II \AY MIIn ini
- - -TIHE WTELFA.RE OF THE PEOPLE IS T[HE SUPREME LAW. ~f5~rpl~ou lf(.
. . . . - --, 4 -
Adverisin ". n ran llv I)ub ritiw p "h ,
9 lurt- '~ 'ii 7iI i ' - " I' ii -( ' 0|-CoJ~' II Ihfl or l'll| s ~ ,, m l  t ik
..ut s I I I.." ' Offi ial f-W ite & :hRedfr- an:...fYl - 1l~-.- .-,- , n:.
1 . , ii l 11fi, - . _ .-- _-_---- - --- ..-- -- - - - -------- - - -- ....-----_ -_. --- -------.-- - .-- . _ -.-- .. .. .. -
ýý,ai....: 10, 30;,, .. i :,, TIlE1 \WELi \RLE OF THE PEOPLE lS THE, SUPRE.AIE LAW..,h.,,, ,,,
5  1 ar '+.. .:,; :1, n" ' , t, ,, f ,, ,,a w ' '" ' -) I - - -)Y -~( -' ' l ' -. . . . . . . . ."_ _,"
(0I Mlarra..- ý iIpu, ,,Iý"ilSn
i i 1 ' i i i " ii Il IV.' Inm NAT 'HIT O(HIE SU, LA., i I AY I, 1878. NOJ.3 :t'hI Nlr LA., M I li 4, i78.i
q.et IU~ l I *. e" I' II IHIlIi! llll -IiM ~ ign gil lI as imHill mm im 'i11I I II Il g a i M W IA IlliM IMIli l agg giga
BUSINESS DIRECTORY.
. . F I iui) I ir t' .it ...I ......
k ; 1,r le "` . i**taTit - trr is net .
E f f i al. T E R - '. tl, l'.. . .. . .. .. .
A~.et ,i' i tt. * t ,i.,t•
EFIn' i'I'.. K i,, I,' N ,I ' l t 'scI . .1)' n 
*i trrert.
I"R F ILRn ' ,. haditand
I P trne\s at Law. t:..hin itn .r.t
, .Lt') -rt' LO }-.E.t;nil " ( u-t ri'.s nldI
t i., ,n a t. .,ih,, , Frn t str.t/, t.
(I - '. [T ;- I t('H-- )r t i 1,. TIrn'.
S ,tite rirs t ,jl , t t . t ilt i ,,. S it e.
l e rit , t r' e !.r ' . n Sho,t e Front stree t.
FPart. Olirle with W. II. Jack, ec·ond St.
IYOI:. .4 (;.\IA' .\-))m'il). 1i' t tett 1 G teies. . i.
S\astonric Ltdi. , hre.l Str.'tt.t
S.- . "1.E T-' lK'-- Aittr- Ilte l--t .ul ri't
) farmeni r,, unr t. r;.. , r,... t, St, . I. . ). ..
SHl. EN -K tooils nt d e ;htt , ilade un ld lr'e ti r
tl el. St r l,.i sutret.
EJlDJiCiE \V. :L lN,'.-.rr',rd and NodIt
tart P'ulii ( lC o rt 111 (i , 11 l'rc t.
l - 1 I ; 'ENI '--l('hartc'r ()iak ?st v'es landi
[ Tii'nware. Front Strc t-.
t . K FI'E---lItr i.  ai ,!ir aC ie!si , Frn.'I lt
H" *istreePt.
I l't'-t I iT I,;ITtF4 : I EI \- ,n ,it.s-.el o. Intue t
'* ry d li I l i ilitlt i, ., ,'ri t strttl .
S H. I±li .PIF A 1"-- ) iit oo ,I .a'l Itct ., tri.s,
L Front aatVc.t.
j l' i VO K S [t 1i'' . eeni t t.e et.
J AiV-Diri NA I 'and rd (ri St.. Wrayh
_.'- Iyi.leKI, -- 1)ey, S . iti ll a. i. rct iht , J let te ir
L" eon, treet.
i. AMf 5I W . Slit I )r .i'', 1+it',1 Si'r" t. n,
ai 11'i ' Ti-1- t -I) ,e- xI1a, r1 ier - , e.ries,.
.l t lw thitN ! rt h i' f,', J ',tl'rson S, reet.
i,,).i(u - ), . ,I I':t)--):l. CttaI, lT at etll -'it.,
y gkaira P-F.. I eteek Fatr and
telt Wanti , tist a l.
Ssr rJet, etteon iitl A gntlt ltrhe 'tj t...
J W..4U1l LI i l-T=Che Phie'nir--'h",i'e Li.
i. uenrs a't I'it 's, Stt . Di nis Stttlreet.
A.. 1c:I. T I:K'l:).-l-AttornriT' at laciw St.
P Dents t tre-t.
[A,. KING..-Wl'Ilatchmaike all ,ewt lehr, St.
t! Denis stre,,t. -
J DVNCKLE\1[1 `'.-.Harness and Saddlehy,
SWas-hington strl'et.
JC, TRICEl--G(en'ral lierIhlanditr.Watsh
PIJ DLt(IAS1 '-l-'.tnt Asit iltl! 'liet o if, Mei
* cliatnise, VWasiin gtonl strieet.
' T R.ISEPl .-L lher YV:rd. intrr-etion
. Frot, I,)fayetto andi \Ya.hinton strteet..
jJ. MIcCrOOK E& [l .--(inerityl 'Vhttlesaler
" *sald Retsi l ll he r irnd sole A o nt for ' \Vat.
L A. DITI,'OITLINAv--F aney landll StaliDr}
J' * .rods, iCosts, Sho e, II.lsts and Clothing,
rSnt entr iat ut.
A E/ S T. S NH-)i(1. , - ih,, i,. ri . rand or
namental Sp. h.r. Front St., orelir Tol line.
BL :.IN IRI,-- , Irn Mtr fl o.es ,t . choie In
L Wil, L' In t '+ anu l, Iigars,, Front street.
SaVYd& 'Il f GIPR-Fl stcek ancy andi
J t tiple Drsv 1 nids and ( proceiesrlfr'ont nt.
L DtPLEX.Landt Agent,, S'. Deni <street.
1:. C.\VII - , It I r II ., B ; ri int t"'ies and
' General Merclhanill ize, F ionut st!e't.
0 81't AFF ATi-IhIlot and Shlt', Mker,
Seiun t. Doni in S trtr. t.
P V* UIBAh -- ltrtiiker, Wanliarhitront
work and Bhlakmiahind , ho rner lad anst
p , VEtIL gI .\ -F~ unily ii lPlantatintli
- (rc, l'ie,. WashiniiilgtonUll street.
)E. HlUlRKEl-C3heap Fily aind WVteri
,* G}rnuelry lDeiler, Fronit itreet.
P. IIUTro.N'--LhIvtryi , alelo andl iet| Statie,
SELlKINS- Dry (io. nlld (irocirins, Jeff
l erson tret,) bilow Dhit Iridge.
tin[neium anAiullt-- Sp(prLLl illii, Font,. Sntrl
T POSS.-Dry Gloold i and KGrril, "ash.
-t n geogn._ tt tr ee t,. . ...
- U 'ruz --Billbard Roon and Har, Front
.DO.ST--Boot and Shoe Maker, St. Deals
Physicians.
S. POWELL GALUION,
IEVB ASSOCIATED THEMSELVES I'
TRE PRACTICE OF MEDICINE
AND SURGERY.
OFFICE ON
$t. Dais tr~, : : Natchitoches, La.
Jan 8 '78.3
L A. unn,
lysaician and Surgeon
i" MontRomery, La.
- Notary.
A. Ei. Leemee,
1TOTARY PUBLIC
under Vindicator Office,)
ST. DENIS STREET,
ATii Oao~ R S: LA.
Professional C lards.
.1 T ill\'.\/- I .I ',. ill.
St. Deni) ,iltret. t "  'N lt itcl lhv', l..
1 ILL practi,,e in thn (', rt+4,, NtO M 'hil wh, ,.
Sabine, 1)eC t, alld l,.,I tive' 'and in the
ý prene ('ourt of'the State.
Wmr. ILoE Jac1~.,
(1lIff' ."`If< I 111l .1.('K & Pi 11!()'0
S.Ltto,'rny and ('Oul.'clr ,(t ia"i
NAT.(IIIITI' WIES. LA.
t T[.L pral'lcti'e in tihl ',c lrt ofI Natchllitoenhes,
v Sabine. 1), b ,,t,) he d l iv ,,r. W inln. Itapides.,
a n t (; 'ra n t.a u:l in th . .; t '., p rt n lw ( o rt o f th e
Stale. C'lau;.+ promptly attenled t-.
April "' . .
Wm MI. L"ovy,
.T'I'I'OlkVEY .1T I.. 1 I'.
1(Has Ch aum.l'd the Practice of his l'rofesNtsindm,)
WI l , pracitier it the Parish and Di,+trict
11 V 'Conrls of .ahthitorlu . ad :l l.ed River
Sut e enn, Clurt of .Louiian :. Inited Stat-s Di
' ILurt it'f laim i at W tshnint , tn.
' (" Otic,' ill the. I.aelste uiilding (['p
N.\TO 'NEY & COCSELO E T LA.
i ay 26, Il'"
i f .t. (CNNIGIAUET n
Attorne & eot tto il' att 'Ltt,,
P St. Denis Street,
'tutehitochel.. , )Soto :nL.
TILL give prmnpt afl persoml at
t t M entit n tM:-I blst'llarntru d - o
his care
ILractice e in the lstrie aDintrict insh
('lIrt irn the 1larits of Natchitoc'hes,
Hell Hii r, ji otoantd sabtie, and cleforei
the Snprcm' e CIt' rt t Monroe and New
[)'eans. .tah 5 ;T-ly.
JOll tr W. . ROlvk ERTS, eco ',
(Late ,f New Orleans,)
ATTORNEY & COUNSELOR AT LAW
('O-IS t A TTA.
REFD llIER PA.I!SH, LOUISI.tN.1.
CWill practi'e in C'ushatta. Natehilo
ehes, lan.tiell, Many,and in every part
of North-west L,,uisiana Spe'ial atten
tion given to Li1lld (ases allld nlucessisllls.
June !)ilt, 1.17-tf.
C. Ci,'trui s. C. F. D)I.tva loCUT. T. 1. CuAI'rix
HIIAPLIN, DRANGUET & CHAPLIN,
lAttorneys at Lier,
NAT CHlITOCHIII,,S, LA.
IPRrACTICE'; in the District Corts of
Natehieloehles, ,Abl~ine, l)eSoto and
Red River anl in the Supl1em1 Cmourt of
the State March '.-ly.
O.I.4tL. (/. SC.RnROIOUGIll,
ATTOUNEY IN FACT.
W ILL practice in the District and
lParish Courts of Natchitoches,
Winn. Sabine and Grant.
All business intrusted to his care will
receive prompt attention.
Otlike with W. H. Jack Esq., Second
Street, Corner Trndeanx. Natchitoches,
La. I)ec. t-ly.
Business Cards.
C. A. BULLA RD N. I. CAMII'BELL
Iulliard & (Camlph) ll,
-IUEAL):I5 IN
DRY GOODS,
GROCERIES,
HARDWARE,
And General Merchandise.
Corner FRONT & LAAYETTE Street,
Vaut'h iloehes, La.
TI(HIIEST cash price paid for cotton nod
Icountry prodnec in cash or merchaudise.
March 2.5 -ly.
Peter reulemani,
-DEALER IN
FAJI/L Y GROCERIES
A full as.ortnment of Wu.tr.-P.%PER con
stantly on hand.
So,. .al inducements to CASH! Customers.
WASHINGTON STREET,
Natchitoches, La.
March 25-ly.
J,, C. Triohel,
--DFALER IN
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, HARD
WARE, BOOTS and SHOES, HATS,
ETC.
Highest cash price paid for Cotton.and
Country Prodnuce.
WASHINGTON, ST.,
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
R.. E. BU3 ~ ,
-dealer in
GROCERIES
FRoxR STREET, Natchitoches. La.
C. L. WALMBLKY. I. M, WALMSLET
C: L. WALMSLEY & CO,
COTTON FACTORS
-AND
GENERAL COMIISSION IRCHIANTS.
Perdido St., New Orleans, La.
March 25-ly.
Osoar 0hoping
COTTON FACTOR
-AND-
COMMISSION MERCHANT,
No. 65 CARONDELET ST.,
July 1-1 Now Orleans.
Miiscellaneous.
Is the most i;: ' tlsamz es' u.ta ii t
sufferers from 1 .;T ;,.ry diea..
It is cortpoc"r. e r ::, . al lprtdu'e: . v h:i
have a sia,eit: . " t ," on tilh thi, r : "t I :
lungs; detache.4 1. ,: the air cre1 ali ;,i
rltating matter: c.a ,is.f it to be exl.t:tno
rated, and at ouce el,,cks the in!iatllauiatimo,
which produces the "gich. A &int:le dro.,
relieves the most dittrestins pI,'oxysw, I
soothes nervousne', , ::ndt elnabiles the silt
ferer to ,enjoy quiet ra-.t at night. Bnlll;t :a
pleasant cordial, it llnes the' weak toii
ach, and is sp.cia'li recomnmendeti for
children.
What otl sayi about
Tutt's i;xpectorant.
Had Asthma Thirty Years.
liisr.r r: ar, Frebr:ar' "3, $-S.
!"I have had Ast:.na tI .y years, antd :iuser luund
a medicine that had tuth a hanlv eft.ct."
W.. . HOGAN, Charles St.
A Child's Iea of merit.
'Nr: r OvLi:.INSS, VoNn'Ir t, .. (
"Tutt'sExpect.r.: t is a ta:iiliar nuine in my hn
lMy wile thinks it the b" medicine in the -,vr' .,
and the children e it 'rir,,r , .in m,,.,,"
candy.'" NOAH W0OODit'riD, 101 N. Poydras i..
"Six, and a, Croupy."
"I am the mot ,,r of'si; !drn ; all of t; cm b..
been croupy. \\ i:ho t "lu:.'s E nicct ,rant, I d ,<
think they coud h:ave st:r-i: c d some of the attack
It is a mother's bl ....i:,g.
MAMIY 3T VENN, Frankfort, K;.
A Doctor's Advice.
m In my practice, I :h'isi.v s ll11 families to k:'er , T,
Expectorant, in smul+ e.ncrgenczcs, frt uuT ai.
croup, diphthe ,;, !c."
rf. P. EL.'.ij, M.D., Newsrk, N. f
Bold by nil dr','ggibt.r. Price $1.00. O1.e:
35 MurraUy ; r:et, New York.
"THE TREE IS 1-'ti BY ITS FH;JiT
i Tutt'sPillP nre w t ......:: t i 
REV. I. .. . :.. .'1 ON, Louis.;,a, :,
"Tutt's Pilis a r." a ,~;. -; i c-;, of the -r.ir
teenth century."-'"riV. F. l. SGOOD, New York.
"I have used Titt'.1:" I . torpor of t'he liver.
They are superior to ain ,:,A.!iciau for blihary dis.
orders ever l:,.'."
I. P. CARR, Atiorn: . Law, Augusta, Ga.
"I have :sel Tutt's u.... c years in my f unilv.
They arc une::cal 'rc, ,."C ...and bili.,u, c..· "
h . R. WILSON norgetown, Texas.
S "I have used Tult'; ..r .t-. .e with c'r.eat hr.. fCt."
W. W. MANN, Ed'f. Mobile Resister.
"W e sell fifty 1, "i I: Pille to fivl of nil
others."-SAVRE & CO..O Ca'r rsvillo, Ga.
"Tutt's Pills b." e c< . . tri. I to, eta ',ish
their merits. Th ,y wr sc,!. ik c :.,it-."
W. H. BAR, P. ' . '.mmier tl., Boston.
* There is no mer. '" i.i' . 1' n a! ptcd to to, cure
of bilious diorler; s :
JOS. RJ:,, c' mond, Virginia.
AND A T MORE.
Bold bU drutiltt. " " ,, n br. Ojlee
35 Afurmr j e," louri:.
TUTT'S HAIR DYE
ZNDORSED.
HIGH TESTIMONY.
FROI TIIE P.I'CIJFT' JOTR.' IL.
_ "A oRE.T INVZ;'QI',N
1as boen wta,'] º! 1 . 1' 'cI! ... (I Yo rk,
which re tar , ' .rr.
That emiii e t t i 1 ., o- i' is
producing a :t
nlature to l 1" rcl: ",. , . . . ,.Jy
now rej .., "
rie, $OG. rie St.
A lIystery Solved.
The Greatest Mledical Trirmph of
Modern Times ! The Mysterious
Channel of Disease Discorered,
and a Certain C(re Prori
dted. The Stomach,
Liver, and Bowels
the Centre of
D)isease.
PAlRSON'S PUIIGATIE PILLS,
The Great Anti-Billions Remedy andti
Miasmatic Dissolver.
PARSON'S
PURGATIVE PILLS
Are the result of long-continred Scien
tific investigation, anod are Warranted to
cure all diseases originating in the
Stomach, Liver, and Bowels. No grip
iwe piins follow the use of these Pills,
liless tlhe Bowels are inflamed; ibut He
lief, Immediate Relief, may be relied
upon. As a Common Family Physio
PARSON'S
PUi R A TIVE PILLS
Stand unequaled before the world to-day.
By varying the dose according to direc
tions, Parsons' Purgative Pills effectually
Pnrify the Blood and greatly alleviate,
if not entirely ecre Dyspepsia, pcrofnla
or King's Evil, Rose. Erysipelas or St.
Anthony's Fire, Ernptions, and Eruptive
Diseases of the Skii, Salt Rheum. Tet
ter, Ringworm, Sores, Boils, Tumors,
Morbid Swellings, Ulcerations, Pimples
and Blotches.
EVERY BOX WARRANTED,
Most Complete Satisfaction Guaranteed
or No Pay.
Full directions around each box.
Physicians supplied by mail, post-paid,
for $2 50 per thousand, in bulk, cash in
advance. We will send these Pills to
any reliable druggist or merchant to soell '
on commission. Agents wanted every- I
where.
I. 8. JOHNSON & CO.,
1BANGO, 1 IAlNE, Proprietors.
'1'iie is tleeting, Time is tleting,
Swiftly by,
Ea.h isnecessive hour repenating,
All must die!
We are hasting. w e iare hnsting,
Fast away,
lie]nty, youth and strength are wasting,
T''o decav.
We are leaving, we are leaving,
All we cherish,
Yet, 'tis not a themIe ftr grieving,
That we perish.
Faith will guide us, thith will guide us,
4On our way,
Thi ' life's c ,lutless ills betide ,us,
While we stay.
Thro' the merit, thro' the merit.
Of our God,
We shall the joys of Heaven inherit,
Thro' his blood.
Oh receive Him, oh receive Him,
le has given,
Us to be, who shall believe Him,
Heirs of Heaven.
Death's not dreary, death's not dreary,
No'tis best,
In the quiet grave, the weary,
Are at rest.
Fear not mortal. fear not mortal,
Death is given,
As a lessing--'tis the portal
Gates of Heaven
Friends will meet us, friends will meet us,
As we come,
And all Heaven then will greet us,
Welcome home.
PATRICK CLEBURNE.
The Stonewall Jackson of the West.
The Irish Hero of the Confederate Army
BY COl.. I. W. AVERY, OF GEORGIA.
[Detroit Free Press.]
The alchenmy of battle brought into
shining lustre many a character that
would otherwise have staid in the ob
scurest mediocrity. Characters in the
quiet of civil life, ordinary, unambi
tious, and unnoticed, in the turbu
lence of war aspiring, valiant, conm
mnandiug. They seem to need the
fiery crucible of ,evolution to burn
their genius out of their shell. That
grim
IRISH CONFEDERATE SOLDIER,
Patrick Cleburne, was one of these
characters. A person observably un
prominent in peace, lie was a marked
influence in war, distinguished for
merit in every rank he held, and ri
sing rapidly until a brilliant death at
once closed and capped a career of
rare glory.
CLEBURN.E BEFORE THE WAR.
Gen. Cleburne was born in Ireland.
He enlisted as a private in the En
glish army, serving several yeats and
rising to thie rank of corporal. It was
in the sevete discipline of the English
service that Cleburne received that
training ill the r ractical details of
soldiering that mn.e himn so valuable
in high comonmand in the Confederate
army. He knew fromn this invaluable
experience every minutim of army
management, and it was one of the
habit ual characteristics of this superi
or officer that hie constantly gave his
personal attention to these essential
details of the service, HIe was a
thlorough soldier, and the writer has
often heard Lieut-Gen. I-Hardee, under
whom hIe o long served and who was
himself a superb officer, say that Cle
burne was the best major general in
the Southern army.
Cleburne emigrated from England
to this country, settled in Helena, Ar
kansas, and lentered upon the prac
tice of law. At the beginning of the
war hIe raised a company of infantry,
was immediately elected colonel of
his regiment, and by the display of
his striking effliciency won his .briga
dier's commission with swift rapidity.
CLEBURNE IN CAMP.
When the writer's company of horse
was at Corinth before the memorable
field of Shiloh, we had a camplsome
four miles from the place, and morn
ing and afternoon as I rode back and
forth, a certain brigade of infIntry
regularly and industriously drilled.
'rthe leader was a plain looking officer
dressed in faded gray, topped with a
weather-beaten slouched hat, riding
an ungainly gray steed, strong and
fast, but with that peculiarly ragged
tigure of low neck, high shoulders,
reaching back and ugly sloping haun
ches typical ofa certain sort of rapid
pacers-a style of horse homely but
useful and of exhaustless bottom.
ThIe rider and arsteed were singularly
matched, and gave an impression of
rugged strength.
That uncouth sand indefatigable
driller was Pat Cleburne.
CLEBL'RNE AT SHILOH.
On the Friday afternoon, before the
battle of Shiloh, my company arrived
near the field. Gen. Johnson expect
ed to have opened thie battle Saturday
morning, but his troops did not all
arrive on the ground. 1 shall not
soon forget that Friday night. It was
wild and black with shivering accorn- I
paniment of rain and lightning.-
About nine o'clock when the troopers
were huddling around the feeble camp I
ties, an order from Gen. Hiundman to
wlhom I was temporarily reporting, to I
go out halfa mile beyond the outer
picket line and establish a new chain
ofpiekets. The order Informed me
that Capt. Phillips, ofGhem. Clebnra' 1
.taff w hll'( give all necessary infor
VWith diflicetiv, in th.e storm and)
darkness, I foundl Gen. ('leburne's
liquarters. .All hIad retired. A senti
nel directed tie to a tent, and I called
Imonng the sleepers for ('Capt. Phillis.
A grutf voice from the darklness asked
'wVhat was wanoted. I told lay purpose.
The gnll' tnalker crutly replied that
Capt. Phillips had work to do to-mor
row and needed rest, and Gen. Hind.
man rmust furnish his own guide. Just
then Capt. Phillips awoke froml his
sleep, and kindllv offered his services,
remarkilg, "'Genelral, it won't hurt
me." The gruff voice still indulged
in some muttered objections, and then
invited lme in while Capt. Phillips was
getting readt,. The speaker was Clo
hurne; this was our introduction, and
it is needless to say I was not pleas
antly impressed. The adventures of
mily company that wild night were to
niantic, but they have nothing to do
with Cleburne, so I pass them over.
STrAGGLING IN BATTLE.
)During the second day's battle of
Shiloh the tighting was terrific, with
occasional lulls. It seemed as if both
sides spent themselves at itntervals,
and rested their fury in absolute ex
haustion. With straining desperation
our line held its own under fierce and
repeated attacks. The pressure at
times of overwhelming numbers upon
our decimated columns was literally
awful. Thousands of demoralized
soldiers ignominiously straggled back
deaf to entreaty or menace. The or
der was issued for the cavalry to be
dispersed into squads and bring the
straggling infantry to the front. The
shame of that day, glorious in the tre.
menrious audacity and heroism of the
few who stood immovable against ev
ery assault, was this distressing de
sertion. It did not often happen to
the Southern soldier, but the contam
ination of unusal camp luxuries, cap
tured from the enemy, had spread a
devilish timidity or something tlse
uunwonted with generally ever-reliable
soldiers.
CLEBURNE BRIGADELESS.
The writer was pushing these strag
glers to the front, when a familiar
voice hailed and asked what I was
doing. It was Cleburne alone, with
out even a staff officer, his brigade
scattered to the four winds, not a man
to follow him. In the horrible car
nage of the two days' fight his com
mand had dwindled to nothing, and
he was a leader without men.
le joned lme in my duty. Some
times we found ten or fifteen men,
with an officer, buried in the bushes,
shirking the danger. I would that I
could pass over these facts, but histo
ry demafl ds the truth. Spots they
are upon an admitted and magnificent
chronicle of gallantry. I can recall
Cleburne with pistol in hand, ordering
such fellows to the front in his harsh.
loud voice-a voice dissonant in its
high tones, but sweet in it low tones.
CLEBURNE DOING A PRIVATE'S PART.
Later in the afternoon we met Col.
Carney, a vilnnteer and on Hardee's
staff, who told us that Gen. Beaure
gard had ordered a retreat; ana still
later we met Gen. Breckeuridge, who
had charge of the rear guard, who
confirmed the intelligence, and still
irter we met Gen. Haldee, sitting at
the foot of a tree, iunblanched and cool
as he always was amid the worst dis
aster. We spent an hourl or two de
stroying amunition and preparing for
the retrograde, Cleburne doing a pri
vate's part.
CLEBURNE'S TENDERNESS OF HEART.
We heard groans in the wood off
from the road, and proceeding there
discovered a poor fellow lying in a
sitting position against a log, pallid,
faint, dying, bowels torn oat, suffering
unutterable agony, and begging God
for mercifill death. There was noth
ing in which to remove him; he could
not bear touching if we had ihad a
thousand omnibuses; there was no
hore for himn) but speedy death, tihe
quicker tihe better, and we had to
leave him in the falling nmght to faint
ly whine for the dissolution of body
and soul that alone offered relief from
his measureless misery. It was a cruel
and suggestive ease of war's horrors.
With a "poor fellow," as tenderly ut
tered as a mother could speak to a
sick babe, and a tear in eyes that in
thie battle blazed like fire, Cleburne
left him.
A MEMORABLE SUPPER.
As we passed through a camp we
saw some immense hard tacks, a buck
et of butter, and a half sack of corn.
The writer lifted the corn to the front I
of Cleburne's saddle by his direction.
I then buttered eachl one of us one of
the huge blankets of biscuit, and
swinging the bucket on my own arm
for further nse, on we rode, eagerly
munching the tough provender. I of
ten afterwards joked the General
upon his comnical appearance, holding
with one hand the bulky sack of grain
ou his saddle pommel, and with the
other grasping a sheet of cracker as
broad as a map of the United States,
and croing it in heavy relays down
his throat. The rain began to fall,
adding to the gloom of dlisaster. It
got hIleavier until it became a steady
pour, and the ground was converted
into a deep slop, and the way impen.
etrably dark, and we could go onlly
by the occasional flash atthwart the
cimmerian darkness. We fed our
horses about nine o'clock, and then
resumed our weary ride for Corinth.
Meu and aninials were worn down.
We rode sleeping, and would'be
awakened by jostling against some
one, or a deep oath from some
startled trampee. The horses would
stop to drink in crossing branches and
fall asleep. Frequently I would
awake and find my horse stark still,
and a blinding flash of lightning
would reveal the General's gray hug
ging closely to my mate, the General I
snoozing away as if hie had taken a
contract to sleep.
At length, far into the night, we atr.
rived at a broad ereek, and let our
stock drink, and, of curse, the writer
,vent to sleep. I was awakuened by a
detfcniug clap of thunder. I called
:tnd shouted ifor my conmlanion, but
he was gonie, and I saw him no rlore
for several diayq. It hIattlers not
about my own tuirt her advenlltures that
night. Clehburne told me afterwards
that he awoke antd foulnd me missing,
and shouted lustily for me, and then
rode on and brought up finally at a
farm house. The roads tot ked beyonid
tre creek, and we took difftterent
routes.
'IThis experience was the begin trig
of a warm intimacy that never knew
change or had a shade. And upon
one occasion Gen. C('leburne expressed
the wish unsolicited to add his in
dorsement in recommuending the
writer's promotion.
CLEIUIIRNE AS A MAJOR GENERAL
Cleburne went into Kentucky withl
Bragg and achieved a rising fame for
brilliant usefulness in every place
where a soldier could show merit. lie
shouwed growing capacity for cour
mand. lie was wounded and won
his baton of Major General. HP lead
his division in the Middle Tennessee
campaign of IS2 wlhetn IRosecrans
pushed Bragg back to Chattanooga
and clutched the beautiful ad senmil
ing country lying between Nashville
and Chattanooga to Federal rule.
A PLEASANT DAY WITH CIEBURNE.
In the spring of 1862, before this
important campaign, when the writer
had risen to the command of a fine
regiment of horsemen, I met Cleburne
at War Trace, Tennessee. Our cav
alry of Martin's Division had been or
dered from the right, near MIcMinn
ville to the left before ,heloyville.
Cleburne had his headquarters at
War Trace, and made me spend the
day with him. lie had donned better
toggery than lie used to wear, and I
thought that in his laced bravery he
looked actually handsome. The gray
with its Hungarian tracery of braid on
the arm Lecame him well. Smoothly
shaved, with his lithe and rather slen
der form, his blue eye, sweet and soft
in his mild moments, but flashing in
battle with luried fire, and the month,
so rigid amid the light, wreathed in
friendly smiles, he was an attractive
warrior. After dinner, while chatting
in his office, I noticed a small book
in blue and gold on the mantle-piece
that contrasted strangely with the
accoutrements of battle lying around.
I took it up and found it to be a vol
ume of poetry, and jocularly inquired
what love-sick youngster he had on
his staff, who mingled the muses with
Moloh, and thought of rhyme while
le drilled grim batallions. To my
supreme astonishment lie replied that
the book was his own and that lie
loved good poetry as well as anybo'dy.
And I thought more of him. It re
vealed a tender side of his stern na
ture of which I had not dreamed.
The South had no more practical,
sturdy, iron-u illed soldier than Pat
Cleburne, unsparing in duty, sleep
less in vigilance, wearing himself and
others out in marching and fighting,
harsh to wrong doers, attending little
to carpet knight graces, blunt and out
spoken, springing from a rough origin
and not altogether without the traces
of its rudeness. Yet, this bold brus
que warrior had a deep tinge of ro
mance and a gentle side of his nature,
and could spout you with pathos a
touchinirg sentiment of rhyme, aind
siile as winsomnely as a woman, thus
exemplifying that o'er true couplet of
Bayard Taylor:
"The bravest are the tetndrest,
The loving are the dlaring?.'
This unexpected revealing of poesy
gave the rough soldier a charm to me
that he never had before.
ON THE RETHEAT.
When I nmet him niagain Bragg was
fallinrg back tron Middle Tennessee.
With my own, regiment anrd one of
Wharton's Texas regiments, I had
covered the rear and crossed DuIck
River. Tihe enemy were Ipnshiig
vigoirously. The horses were in the
rear, and our dismounted horseman
were fighting infiattry fashion, when
an order was received to fall back,
uournt and go to the flank.
Diawing back under hot fire, we
slowly and sullenly retrograded
through the infantry skimishers, with
Cleburne, in person, commanding. A
quick grasp of the hand, a hasty but
cordmal salutation, a hurried inquiry
as to the troops in front, and a swift
ly spoken good-bye, and we parted,
the gallant Irishman pushing hiis de
ployed line rapidly to the front amid
the whizzing bullets and occasional
shell.
But I cannot dwell upon these re
miniscences. My entire relation with
him were warmly friendly and my re
collections of him are pleasant and
touching.
HIS MILITARY GENIUS.
He rose to be a military autlhority in
our army. He knew the very rudi
ments of fighting, and had genius to
use his knowledge. Always ready,
always watchful, never depressed,
beloved by his good men, feared
by his bad ones, trusted and res
pected by all, indomitable in courage,
skillfully head-long in attack, coolly
strategic in retreat, thorough master
of detail, yet with broad generalship,
obedient to the letter, capable in any
responsibility, modest as a woman, a•
resolute discipliniarian and dauntless
fighter, personally as brave as a lion,
Cleburne was a very good gem Ef a
soldier-a shining jewel in the bright
coronet of Confederate sodiery-a
noble specimen of the genuine hero.
HIS STERN TRUTHFULNESS.
As an illustration of his nufailing
candor and invincible truthfulnesq I
can mention the folltowing character.
istic and historical incident: When
Gen. Bragg, some time in the Chicka
nmianga caioaigo, called together his
lieutenants, who lhad petitioned Mr
Davis for his removal, to catechist
them personally aid in questionable
taste as to their views about him, I
b ave informed, and tell it uas her.euy
that has not ibeeni dli (il, Ihat 1']ihlt
a IltiUnler telgi\versa;l dl ('hI;,i; ',
upon the plain 1question httin: put t,
him by lBragg as to \hetlhtlr he hai:
confidtlence in lBragg's lha:,.ir'hijt, t.
pllied with tmanliy fll nt-.s that hie
had not.
CLF:BIRNE AT CIIICK.\lAA, \.
Cleburne made a chara.tel ist i,
charge in the first daiv's Iblh ,iio It
Chickamauga. Ile was sele't',id :lat
in the afternoon to drive ti' 'viit'lu
from an important position thit ithali
been held in spite of ever'y :si:,~ll
the entire day. It was a little tI,
fore sunset. The whole line wa,
quiet. Cleburne gave the oldtri to
his peerless division to adnlvaI..
P'erhaps never in the samnke lif'
space of a quarter of an Ihour' w\\a
there a deadlier struggle. A cm.iii.
l1ons and deafening roar of can, int
and muskletry marked the blit,,ih
work. Cleburne led his vet:irans
straight to victory with the re.is.it
less mliomentumn of a toiriadi. It \i,,s
a marvel of deliberate hut tier\s \alor
this dauntlness onset of liftteen fatt'ul
minutes. The intrelid divisio, bi
vonacked upon the gory ,iounlrnl tiy\
had so swiftly but bloodily wn,. arnd
the next dayi's work saw one ,tf rlih
brightest victories of the war r'ewald
Southern soldierhooul at this w(il"
named River of Death.
CLEBlURNE SAVES THlE AIRMtY.
That was a frightfal blow tlehat
Grant struck the Southllern case it,
Missionary Ridge. Thle shlittered
fragments of Bragg's a8lUly tell hack
in appalling demnoralizalion, tlie.
burne fiortunately brought up thet'
rear with his wonderful division, that
some discerning critic said wourld
have "made the relputalion of any
man that was conmUlanidinig it," 1:iII
whose pride was to sa; that it was
"first in every fight and last in eve\ry
retreat," Our army was iln a disut'
derly retreat, and Grant pushinzg his
advantage with his wonted vigt. It
seemed as if nothing couhl save t o
broken Confederate force from tco,
plete defeat and destruction. It was
here that Cleburne achievedt tihe
brightest fame of his lustrious ca
reer, and earned the prorud praise of
saving our army. Holding his thoir
oughly organized division il fiirm
hand, maneuvering it as if on palrade,
lie opposed its steady lrot to) every
assaulting force, rolling back thel
swarming fourteeen onsets of fier'c
foemnen as an immovable rock horlules
off the rushing waves of tire sea. At
Tunnel Hill Sherman threw 10,01101
enthused soldiers against this unron
querable division in three successiv e
charges. Cleburne was told thlt the
safety of our army dependcled uplo
his checking the enemy. l'hat w is
enough. Assault was futile. ('le
burue and his gallant nmen stood
there, and though heroic el(ruts 'ywere
made by a fearless foe, he sI('('sf'ul
ly resisted every blow and flinally al
ministered so bitter a ptunishminrlt IIi
the attacking columns tlhat theyi wit h
drew, leaving a thousand deal in Ihis
front and two hundred ndl liftv piris
oners in hii hhands. The a ti\ cc ;ias
saved and Cleburne's namuo filled thli
public heart.
HIE FIGHTS IliS LAST I'ATI.1:.
When the writer healrd of ('I-.
burne's death lie was in Ineil hive in
on the verge of tile grave frt'n at t:..i
perate wound. I had anxiou.lv f,,l
lowed Iloodt on thalit peri)tilos Ilt,,vi,
melnt itto Teninessee,, fotr'lbIlilig thie
worl'st r'esults. Thei fir'st rel'lrilis \Ort
gladdening, the reeniy in hlot Iet'IIra,
HIood hurtling after tlihem i hit rII
treat, bruslhing tlheli baIck d(1.'tl.
whenever hIe couild get at thrm.
T'lie vague report of a hI;a\ '" YIll
gageRlnent drifteld dimly olt. g,(li anl
bad fortune mnlngled-- a go at t.i ii ntph
but at awful cost in valtod liio.ivrs,
Cleburne among themni. 'T'hte, ti: in,
the depressing enfirrtnat.ion. It at a
sad time in the Confedelel'ly, a l ii,,m v
dark pIeriod. One by orne tIh n,..t
props seernmedu ginrlg-Jlaclus,,:, S-, '''
art, Polk-aand now a swte'ling litihi,
caust of nearly all tire Irav.-l !l,,,i
ers of an army, land amotiring tlhiti i':
friend Cleburne. My heart .
wVithin me.
I pictured tile dleatlh of ('lhltrne it
my fancy, according to rnv kinowlel'te
of him--in tile frolrt ciol, icii'p d
as a statue, hurlinig wilt cool jilit
hbit tiery fervor his disciplind c,,1
;UiiliS upon tile eneriy, hIa;ilnlitg the
maddilened mass witr dtelitler:a It' p
cision, playing anid tihe t'rrifitru' lI,
tile role of thie perfect wai i, l 1-
blenching in the whirlwitl, veqil, -
ed in the storm, usirg the skillil
General's mastery of death'.s wet pit,
in that craziest, deadliest most iuse
less carnival of thie war.
I found afterwards I had (icrr·.eti,
imagined his conduct on that l'.ttal
day, when the best blood in thl. a.l.ty
was spent in assaulting a jItiii, o
Sthatcolld have been bloohlesslv iI ttik
ed. Ordered to carry the h)iiglhts
fronting Franklin, Cleburlno ftrr,,d
his division into columin ,tf Irigr;les,
and with bayonets fixedl chargtlI t,
speedy, heroic death. And \ lh,'n liI
fell--wheu thie IenVous bttllhts strul'k
hiin, andti his dauntless bloodl plIi,.ir
out -we knew that no puorer limtiio
was oti'red nporn the calllsc of' Sit -
ern liberty than thIe lift ofI' this spHflO
less, noble lish solicr--Patrick
Cleburne.
An old lady says: "WhI',i I was a gal
the women with tile )prctticst fa;ces wI'r't
the ones inenC looked at emost ot t h,
street; but now it's thIe fenmld, who htt.il s
her skirts up the highest wh.irn sh.te g,,s
across a muddy place whio rtctive, thl,
mrost attention."
A Sunday sohIool tea;hl'r was r"!liig
her scholarsthe othr Siilday ah, lllt. t
had boy who had stole a thuitLrctd dtiill'rs,
whten she was ilnterrruptet by ott, (Jtt ili r
ruudit.oq with the query': "AoIl how th,
dickens did he get such a ihully chl:iice'
Very few girl. ciii slparlk a popp'r
box a it should be 1pni.kt'd, and yet
they want to get married anrd raise
famillU,