A Pen Picture of Gov. Hayes
A week before the meeting of the
Cincinnati convention, Don Piatt, of
the Washington Capital, drew the an
nexed pen jpicture of Gov. Hayts.
The writer and the Governor are old
friends and life-long acquaintances,
ad the sketch is true to life
This gentlth an is a inild type of a
disease that b.eaks out every four
years in tihe United States, called
*'favoiiteism," and tbelongs to a class
that furnishtbs at tibies a eandidate
nominated by atcident and elected
from necessity. lie differs from the
geams generally in being a premedi
tated accident, if one can understand
that. To get at the meaning by
cracking the kernal of apparent con
tradictio.n one must remember that
niational conventions are generally
alaughter-houses, where each promi
bent candidate, unwilling to die and
leave iis recognized opponlent victor
of the field, joins in t stupport of an
tlnknown, wliho, to liis dwn amaze
tnent as well as thit of the country,
is nominated for the pIresidency. Ob
herving this, Certain shrewd politi.
tians of Ohio determined to possess
themselves of the unknown in ad
vance. They pre-empted him, as it
were ; so the presidential accident or
tasnalty is prepared.
Well, a worse fortune could befall
the country than such selections
llitherford B. Hayes never was nsis
Fected of inventing gunpowder, nor
hitro-glycerine, nor dynamite. In a
Word, Rutherford is rot open to the
imputation of being a great man. He
Could not if he tried, abid I never
Ieard of his trying. ut lie is a bet
terarticle, and that is an honest.
ogorable man, of good cultutre, and
s gentleman. Were lie to suirvive
Sike astonishment of his inaulration
he would gather about hiim the pur
tit, ablest and most eminent men in
the country of which to make anl ad
ministration. Oov. Hayes has not
enjoyed much official distinction, and
hta made very little of what lie did
tosseas. Strange to say, le is pain
ully diffident. I am not Joking-it
is a fact; there is no push in him,
and the few plaees held by him lihe
has been thrust into. This is the
leason lie lived through two sessions
of Congress without once opening his
tlouth, so far as the eecord can tell
its. A shy, quiet gentleman is he,
to such an extent that I have seen
him blush like a girl Ait some word
Of praise uttered in his preseuce.
And this is the nian the Radical
party hope to put in the White House
on the 4th Mardc next! iThe thing
is simply rediculous and the Ameri
can people will never, never dd any
sueach thing. After disgracing tis with
their vile corruptions in high and low
places, they want to cap the climax
by eleeting, to the offie of President,
a mere blank.
MANSFIELD FEMALE
J EXt:tUtSES of this Institution i
lil begin on Wesldneslay, Sept. 27th. $
"'Jhe fitoulty is full competent and ex
trerienced. Young tldies can here have
all the advantages offered in the e~hools
of the North and West. Then patronize I
home institutions. t
For partiunlare apply to Wnm. H. Jack, I
Esq, or Rev. J. 8. White ofNatchitoches. a
.tr to the President at Mansfield, for cat
S.logites 1
THOR. ARMSTRONO, r
Jutly 9. President, Mansfield, La.
THE MEDICAL DEPARTbI NT
OF THE 1
UNIVERSITY OF LOUISIANA
xa1 oacWanN, rA.
Affords, nsunrpassed Hospital advantages for
the study of Medicine and Sufgety, and for
P raetcal Anatomy.
e i.ERaIULAa SmhISalO will IVegia Nov. 13, 1976.
,isad for Circular to
f Jy15 lag- 1. . RIHIg&DHSO', DeAn.
I' Dissolution of Partnership.
' rse of RtOSSTt LBARltlIE has this diy
. diasolved by mantual eosent. Either part
Bis tl aUthrtsod toliquidat, all bdslnesa con
:u eyte with the late btid. One of the above
Iswill always be found at Grand deore, who
tuke pleasure in answering li1 oammuni
Uf S4eeaneoted with the old business.
wLRI. UtZSSEL.
W. H. BARBEL
- . 1*ud Roree, La. July 1,1876.
S Business Partnership.
SBARBER having asaldilt tWe Forward.
iad Receiving lbasiued heretofore con.
by SSSELL & AZlU481, Miar t414 day
himself t1sitStD1YARH & CRAM.
-  d the balnet i1ill hereafter be car.
*ty UD1ATH, .CRHA2LBERS k BAR
full for past favors, I would respect
- oilleit a eoatlaudaoe of patronage for the
rnim ta fatere.
W. H. BARBE.
leests, Li.. Jly 5 19.
S DDA'e." JOlN C1fMBBAtS.
W. fl BARBIE.
ATIIh AIDI U ARDKil
s*a , Receiving
on mi Merchants,
GRAND ECORE,14A. '
-dealeris in
9O9I9 aprzusr , HARDWARE:
c Gaomplete stomhk oftnera
-.tedk to ;:,,thei wrf the
of eto" Mm mercban
) se d Lanad pompt
15-4 fai~ 13a~
ot*eaY Sbohitoe ayise asy
MAý CO..
, I . 05ng to
Sad
:9~~; E~
Y~3~f4J~t~bOL
)~~.,t/ Qi1bW~ ae
I~
~s ·; ·
THE PLATFORbM. t
St. Louis, June 28.-The oist'iention legit
was called to order at 2:15 p. inm tuti
Judge Meredith, of Virginia, Ch:iirman furt'
of Committee 4u Resolutions, p!rcsented the
the report. statiing a great many resolu- ry a
tions were liresented, all of which had kink
been carefully examined and discussed tion
before coming to an agreement. He re- issue
quested Governbr Dorsheimner, of New andl
York, to read it to the conventiotn; as tol- it.
lows: won
THE PLATFORM;
We, the delegates of the lieildocratic in r
party of the United States, in National the
Convention assembled, do here declare clus
the administration of the Federal Gov- the
eminent to be in urgent ti.ed o}' immedi- thei
ate reform, do bheIlch eijoin lupon the tait
nominees of this Cdliventlon and of the any
Democratic party in each State a zealous trib
eff rt and co-operatiou to this end, and fals
do hereby ailpeal to our fellow-citizens lne
of every former political connection to bet'
undertake with us this first and most ly e
pressing patriotic duty. For the Demo- indi
cracy of the whole eoiintry we do here tin`
reaffirm our ftith in the permanency of 11
the Federal Union. Our devotion to the Ex1
Constitution of the United States, with ecol
its ame edments universally accepted as a bus
final settlement of the controversies that be a
engendered civil war, and do here record and
our steadfast confidence in the perpetuity a bi
of Repnhblican self-govermnient; in abso. pos
nlute acquiescence in the will of the ma- pet
jority, the vital prindiples tif repullics,; li
in the sitprtniacy of the civil over the pat
military dutlhority; in the total sepera- the
tion of Church nud State for the sake INi
alike of civil and religious freedlon; i 1
the equality of all citizens before just
laws of their own enactment; oi
IN TIlE LIBERTY r¥fa
of individual conduct, unvexed by smnlp- in 1
tuary laws. In the faithful education of Pre
the rising generation, that they may tor
preserve, enjoy and transmit these best the
conditions ofl human happiness and hope, pee
we behold the noblest products of a huu- a p
dred years of changeful history; but tru
while upholdine the bond of our union, lie,
and the great charter of these our ri;ghts, Pra
it behooves a free people to practice also of
that eternal vigilance which is the price as
of liberty. Reform is necessary to re
build and establish in the hearts of the
whole people the union eleven years ago p
happily rescued from the danger of a cor- i
rupt centralism which, after inflicting '
upon ten States the rapacity of 8
CARPET-lBAG TYRANNIES. us a
IHas honey-comled the officers of the Ge:
Federal Government itself with incapaci- 01
ty, waste.and fraud, infected States and ric
municipalities with the conltagion of mis- the
rule, and locked fast the prosperity of an me
industrious Icople ina the paralysis of ed
hard times. Refotnl is necessary to es- PrI
tablish a sound currency, restore the cal
public credit, and maiutaun the national co'
honor. We denetiinwe the failure for all Sea
these eleven years to make good the cre
promise of the legal tender iºites which TI
are a changing standard of v.luie in the Thi
hands of the people, and the non-pay- ch
ment of which is a disregard of tihe les
plighted faith of the nation, We de- tic
nounce the improvidence which in elecen the
years of peace has taken from the people pr
V in Federal taxes thirteen times the whole an
x amount of the legal tender notes, and
squandered four times this sum in use
less expense without aecuniflating any wi
reserve for their redemption. We de- tes
Snounuce the financial imnlbility and im- ca
1 morality of that party which, during cc
eleven years of peace has made no ad- BI
vance toward resumption ; that instead, co
has obstructed resumption by wasting ie
our resources and exhausting all our sur- pc
n plus income, and while aunnually profes- oil
t. sing to intend foa
A SPEEDY RETURN TO SPECIE re
PAf31ENTS
ce has atmnnually enacted fresh hindrances ch
thereto, as sufeh a hiinderance we Ide
, nOIInce the resumption~ clause of the act
. of 1I87, and we here.hILemand its repeal.
- We ldemandl a jedicious system of pre
pairation by priblic econoinems, by official
retretchlnenal and by wise finance which
shall enable the natiou to inumare the
whole world of its perfect ability andl its
perfect readiness to meet any of its pronm
ises at thIe call of tl creditor entitled to
payment. We bifenve sndi a system,
well devised and above all entrunsted to 1
colmpetent hands for execution, creating l
cr at no timne au artificial scarcity of cur
. rency nmid at no time alar.niug the apub
lie mind into a withdrawal of that vas
Ster machine:y of credit by which ninety
five per cent, of all business transections
are perfornmed, a ystem open, ptblic and
inspiring general confidehce would from
the day of its adoption
BRING HEALING OI1 ITS WINGS
Sto all our harrassed industry and set in
on motion thile wheels of commerce, manu
factures and the mechanical arts; restore
o emaployment to labor and renew at lita A
national source the prosperity of the
people, Reform is necessary in the suem
and nide of Federal taxation to the end I
that easlital maybe set free fromnt distress
and labor lightly burdened. Wa de- 1
niodnuce the pfesent tariff levied upon G
nearly four thousand articles as amaster
piece of injustice, inequality did false
Sproteim; it yields a dwindling; not a
m- yearly rising revenue; it has imlpovei'ilsh
ly ed many industries to subsidize a few;
L- It prohibits imports that mighi purchase ,
ar- the prduacts of American labor; it Iris
L detatded American commerce from the
rat to an inferior apha the high seas; I
t it has cat down the sales of i
at bomae gdn abroad and depletedl the re
. turns Of American anrculture or indus
try followed by half our people; it costs
the people live times more than it pro
dces to the treasury, obhetructs the pro
cess of producnetion and wastes the fruits
of labor; it promotes fraud and fosters
Enmgglig, enrlehes dishonest oficials
o nd nkrpts honest Tuerchants. We
demand that all Customhouse taxation
shall be only forrevenne. Refornais nee
essary in the scale of publio expense,
Federal, State and IMunicipal; federal
Staxation has swollen from *I8,000,000
goldin 1850 to $45@0,000,00 curreney in
, 870. Ouras a tatlon ti-fr m184,
000,000 gold a1 I to l730,000,000 enr
aE Irney in 187', or in one decade from less
than five dollars per lead! to'more than
eighteen dollars per head.- Since the
r apeace the people hav l pld -ttheir tax
the gatheerr more than thriee the sam of
the nationall debt, and more thaUs. tice 1
an- that nt m for the Fedevall Qovertuint
,pt alone, We demand a rigotroe ftngdaty
in every dsprstnaent and hfoom every of
feer of the ggven!en hiit .
***. Io IM8 SNCESSARY
I,  .atlu.; do"rF.-t the p rofligate wasteof
i pnAlhsir.1 $ d_ tteir divero from ae-s
jpowtyin poer, wlohic
l qss nd sqausaerd $ n. huirem :millions of
y acres upo- railroadsi .lone, and out of
mIOstthPia thrias that aggregate has die
t oed of lessthan a elthdireetly to til
. lerso a th.e ol-l.bomm ilnecessary so
correct the omissions of Republican Con
igrr ad 6ersea of our treattie d
olayapla eh have stripped our
fellow eK Pitim f 1ig birth and kin
dred the Atiantlo ofthe
shielt ( Lijmbi ,and have
......' tie' Pacific slope
) toeh/ af1t4I5 O iw rale, not -sprng
f) fm the t 5iat7ecl b'. teek in fact
soV b-sl*u W through
natirsi5Si~l~' bia aelt or ascus
toase t themra . ef ajprupeauive
-eIdlltiiattoo ekelMad- in liLertr under
-i~~~~Ja~~ ~ ~ i;::::::::::::.":~;~- -st" *t
•'l, denmand such modification of the
treaty with the Chinese Empire or such
legislation by Congress, withiu a consti
tutional llmitation as shall prevent the
further iliportation or ilunligration of
the Mongolian race. Reform is necessa
ry a:ui can never hi efiiectet, but Iy mIla
king it tihe controlling issie of ilte i;lec
tions. and lifting it above the ttwo false
issues with which tlie dfildelidhlhng cla..ss
and the party in poiwer seek to smother
it. The fals issues iwith which they T
would enkindle
SECTARIAN STRIFE
in respect to the public schools, of which
the establishment and support belong ex
clusively to the several States, and which
the Democratic party has cherished from tis
their foundation mnd resolved to main- ti
tain without partiality or preference for
any class, sect or cre d, and without con
tributing from the treasury to any. The ThC
fulse issue by which they seek to light C:
anew the dieing embers cf sectional hate
between kindred people once unnatural- .
ly estranged, but now reunited in one coni
indivisible republic and a common des
tiny.
tieforn is necessary In the civil service.
Experience proved that the efficient
economnical cilduct of the governmental
business it not possible if its civil service
be subjected to change at every election
and be a prize offerel at the b;illot-box as
a brief reward of party zeal, ilistedd of BR
posts of hduor absigfned ftr proved com
petency, and held for fidelity in the pub- LA1
lic employ. That the dispensing of the
patiroulge should neither be a tax upoh
the tilmli of all our public men, nor the
INSTRUMENT OF THEIR AMBITION. We
llere again professions falsified in the BO1
performance attest that the party in
power can work no practical or salutary
reformn. Reform is necessary even more
in the higher grades of public service. C
President, Vice-President, Judges, Sena
tors, Representatives, Cabinet Offices, mel
these, and all others in authority are the
people's servants. Their offices are not
a private perlquisite. They are a public
trust. When the annals of this Repub
lie, the disgrace and censure pf a.Vice
President, a late Speaker of the House
of Representatives marketing his ruling GR
as a presiding ollicer,
THREE SENATORS
profiting secretly by their votes as law
makers, five chairnuut of the leading A i
conmittees of the late hlonse of Repre- O1
senutatives exposed in jobbery, a late a ca
Secretary of the 'Treasury forcing halanc- luel
es of the public accounts, a late Attorney H
General misappropriating public funds, pro
a Secretary of the Navy enriched or en- oea
riching friends by percentages, levied oft v
the profits of contractors with his depart- -
went, an Ambassador to England censur- L
ed in a dishonorable speculationl the
President's Private Secretary bdhliy es:
caping conviction upon trial for guilty
complicity in frauds upon the revenue, a
Secretary of War impeached for high TI
critues and confessed misdemeanors.
THE DEMONSTRATION IS COMPLETE
That the first step must ie the public f
choice of honest men from another party,
lest the disease of one political orgamiza- it
tion infest the whole body politic and ant
thereby making no change of men or bol
party, we can get no change of measures 1l1
and no reforms try
ALL THESE ABUSES,
wrongs aend crimes, the prodttct of six
teen years of ascendancy of the Rcpnbli
can liarty1 creatfi a ,ecessity fot reform
ec nfessed by the Republicans theseelves.
But these reformers are voted down in Dl
convention and displaced from the Cabi
net. Thie party's mass of honest votes is
powerless to resist the eighty thousand
office holders, its leaders and guides. Re
form can only lie had by a peaceful civic A
re-vohition. We demand a change of
system; a change of admuinistation, a ta
change of parties, that we may have ai
9 change df ufelr;
Spring & Suimmier Good. 2
J. .L DUI0IQilI , 1
Corner FROST Axo' ClIlflC Stareets, M
NATOHITOeHES, LA.
e iUST opened, a new assortmurent of 2
FRENClI, ENGLISH and
SAMER1CAN, . pring ani
SlIMMER GOODS. Consisting in part of
AMERICA$ ANlD I NGLISI
PRIZdTS
COITONADES, T
e LINEN RIlLLINGS,
ta APRON CHlCKKS,
0 BLEA(jAED & BIROWN COTTONS,
d MOURNINI GOODS, p
SW ITFi OO0Ds OFALLt KI~ND,
GRI* R ADINES and
SPIQUES,
a LINEN LAWNS, of all grades.
SIHOSIERY and GLOVES,
e ARTIFICIAL FLOWES,
SILK PARASOLS of all kinfs,
; LADIES' ECRU SCARFS,
LADIES' & GENTLEME1('S HATS,
,. Notions of all Descriptions,
STOWELS AND NAPKINS.
- Full assortment of SHOES, HATS
afd CLOTHING.
re In fact all good" tlhat can be called
Is for in a Dry Good's stoSt.
W All of whifch hie is oferfng at
ic- very low prices.
re, March 95, 18.--..
GRANGE WAREHUSE.
i- At GRA D ECORE, La.
_88 **-**
sn J. M. PORTTE, Grange" Aggt.
bx DE'CIlING, Forwarding and Par
11 obhasing agent for the Patrous of Hum
ce bandry. All Imshbes. intrnsted to his
t care will receke pionpt at&tennhtfr and
the patrons can rest asetnredof being lib
:erllydealt with in, charges, &e.
SA shlre of basiuabir Is respectfully so
licited.
ch MSrgdr M lf1~5an
of
Al
so CIOLK PIPRItETi)R5 oS .the Celebrated
s o LDOEBNWOOD WBKgKY., Thse oods
d are-warurted stalrtly a pure SBOUtR MASH
)•y WHISKv r , made oi td' old pleai of Distilla
In- tion, and partlesolarly eomuMendedi for MXE
he DICINAL PURPO8SS OedS S~lbtised isad
hVe prspptly 1i4 foom Wareusiue
)p _ No. 207 MAIN STREET,
ag LOUISViLE KENIPUCK..
gh AprlS-.y.
Ue
iv. Disa olution of Partnetrhip.
iy sHEsPTArttNe extis,
L hg a.ndei. ie nam- _ns; of TR
SCHEL & AIREY, is dialvbted' by hmutiual
ceau . 4 O.TmA s
as. J..:,di,- b t,  ..
sie
.r.·~ 1I~LEV 1·
M. Ii. CARVER. . W. TAY LOL.
Carver & Taylor, wi
FRONT STREET, Th.
Natelhitocte, La. a han
For the FALL and WIN- until
TER Trade. EDITI
INEWV GOOI)S ! 1iqo
work
New Goods ! ! [
' 'HE entire stock is better and more rble
select thain any every introduced into tine
this marke-t, and having been liurl:haste di lb
with CASH, can be sold lower than the and r
loweat. A(
The Motto of the fiirni is to sell will 1
CHEAPFt HAN THE CHEAPEST.
- Call and examine our stock, which
consists in part of It ha
CASSIMERES, term
JEAN ren
T*lEtiS,TH
~KEIEs Is th.
PRINTS, thalt
BROWN & IiTLEACHED COTTONS, tion i
LOWELLS -ti
LADIES' DRESS GOODS,
TRIMMINGS,
BLANKETS,
Woolen Goods of all kinds. In e
BOOTS, will
SHOES,
LADIES' aid GEN'"IS. IHATS. Its
Clothing, a full and Complete Assort. iner
SImetll. rend
Crockery, hiollow & Wil- A
low Ware.
A full line of FANCY and FAMILY
GROCERIES, WINES, LIQUORiS, &C. One
Books, Stationary, &c., &c. en
In factt Fift
A FIIESII and seleCt stock of goode always
on hand, which having been purchased on
a cash basis enables as to offer e.tra induce- Al
umonts to cash buyers. gent
i Highest cash pricepaid for cotton atind other
, produce. and liberal advances made 16 cash
of merchandiso on consignment
March 55-1v.
Boftrdinag House
(Corner FRONT and TOULINE Streets.)
NATCLIITOCHES, LA.
iTERMS: Only Onei Dollar said a half
E er day.
STiAVING ba~ed the NARCISSE PRU
SDI)HOMME building, and fufrnished not
' it with now and el'gant Fdrnlitite. I toed
Sam prepared to acconiimod'tte brtrders, T1
r both, transient and permanent, iltd sup- and
s ply them with all the delics.cies the coun
try afords. L. H. BURDICK,
April 1-ly. Proprietor. cor'
Or it
' tr- a es G e tits, int
Corner Jeflerson and Amulet Steete s
--dealer in- yo
' DRY GOODS, a
is GROCERIES, knc
HARDWARE, Lo
ic AND GENERAL MERCHANDISE. erl
S' BIargains offered to CASH ore. . of
March 25--Iy cc
-It toh
ted
.I EIGE SCHOOL
'HlE bUilding is col/leted and will be
1 opeied for t' he iecpition of pupils, on
MOXINDAY. 3d day of APRIL next.
Clahms to' lie of three grades.
1st Elementary Spelling, Reading, Wri- Fos
ting and lihtst rules of Arithmetic.
f 2nd 8Sman continued, with History, Go
om.raslWy, Oral Arithmetic, nse of
Gloltes, English Grammar, Rhet ric,
Exercises in Elocution and Composi
tion
3rd Higher or University Arithmetic,
f advanced Mathematics, Natnral and
Moral Philosophy, and the Aueient
Languages. (Latin and Greek.)
TERMS:
Tuition, for First Class per moVl, p.6OI
" " Second" " 400
" " Thinrd " ' a 500
(Payable montaly.Y
' Board can be had in tlh efff with Wy
private families, fio an'$1Y I' $12 per ep
month. en
D, . d cK, 'tn
March 23---%. Piidcipal. wi
foi
'. B.& R N EW, 'ni
-DEALER IN
DRY GOODS,
GUOCERIES,
HARD'WARE,
amd GENERAL MERCHAI~iDISE.
ri Bargains to CXe' Customers.
ISA rkssoN STRIEET.
S March 25--ly.
; WEBSTEI UIADBB1GED
D CTIONARY f
FOR THE SCHOOL ROOM.
8000 Engravings; s18d0' tuart. rke$12
A NEW FEATURE. 1
ar. To the3'ib'10 ILLiSlTIATIOSs heretofore in Web b
Ius- ster's Unabridgdtl we have addle flur'pages of
his COwLIED ILLUSTRATIOO
and e resl~l fo'thb vibr'k at large ex
hib peanse.
,Nearl. erery 8tate Snperfatendent of PuMb!e
nIstrutodlib the Union, or eorrespondlog" of.
Icer, w1bre susDan cue exists, has recommend.
ed Welbster's Dictioneary in the strongest terms.
.Among tem are thise of Eastern; Northbre,
Middh(Ih. 5epttirn and Weata Staths-TWEN
TY.EIGIE in all.
STATE ~t #fliHAIES.
Tb Stateof'NEW ..YORK bis plaed 10,000
Scopies ofWebster's Ifoabridlgein as many ofher
Pablic Schools .
The Bate of i~UCI t, about 5000-nearly 0
d e y ool. ...
oa Tev State N JE3T~RY, l,5o,-aear
ASH Ieve ehol.
,Il, , of k MICIGAN mstb prevision
. I'r r1liSehools.
ME- The State of MASRACRUSITTI bau sap
sad plied b8r (lleee-st arly lll.
ThI, Stataof IOWA has ssptmlied hlr Shemoles.
• The State 10OONIECTIT ha Ismade pro.
avit.. for lXe#shools.
S Orer 350 8bheltq ls INDIANA were *
" plqld~g ringsthibfdl l 8 rad many mote
- Ihotheri ISlt bv ei
I, b etter 1lp lla best etllau stil fr.
ila, Ik almet al
FBL r'YOm . m?mm -y otehs 5 a
--"l rm llm_~h te Usbesilsbs. .
m.hissmtriie i n Webts, r ,.their
.-  " ,+ + " +.8 8 ru i,. ,, t.- w• ' 1
117X Ia~.*PiR~ (*
S ·~~·~ : ·1.;."~U
I '.;.W .;i.
THE
WTEEKLY DEMOCRAT
The New Orleane Wedklv Democrat is
a haudusone eight page forty e.ighlt col- tUndi
umnl n cwpslalr, printed in clear type,
lld is filled with
EDITORIALS AND SELECTED ARTICLrS
upon all the topics of the day. It con
tains the ll ew front all portions of the
world. up to the hour of going to press. mile
Its VWahilugton pecialy altnd general in- are
telligei); e Ileing eiieecially full and reli- aim
able It contatns full Coninercial, Ma- sec,
rine and River news antd reports, preplar- co
ed by experienel+d and competent ediitors lres
and reporter, Its heal
AGRIJCULTURAL DEPARTMENT. and,
will be found valuable and interesting and
to farmers and planters. 1'T
into
AS A FAMILY PAPER cot,
It has no.superlor in the South-its Li- of t
teraly Department embracing poetry. t
romancie, religion, sentiment and humor.
Pay
TilHE ISSION" OF THE DEX)OCRAT
Is the redemption of Louiisuna trom the, lIt
thaldom of Radicalism, and the restor:- Ilta
tion in its borders of honest Government
-the supremacy of the Was
'IVILIZ.ATION OF TIlE KNiN'TEF CI'nTl.' Bo
-IT IS A- -su
SOUTiEltRN PAlER lml
In ev'ety setce of the word, and its aim I ra
will be to repr'esent Southern views, feel- i Ve
ings and opinions.
Its already extenlsive alld .till rapidly *ha
increasing circulation in Louisiana, Tex- No
tas, ,tissi sijilti, Alabatiua mld Arkansas rIl
rendeers it, without questidn, of I
A First-Chtss Adverisiqg Mcdium, of
and as such we commend it to the public. X
Termns of Weekly Democrat: lot
(In advanuto.) wi
One Copy, one year.............. $1 00
Ten Coliites,tine year, one P. O. .... 23 (00 lt
Twenty Copies, one year, one P. O. 4500 111i
Fifty Copics, one year, one '. 0.... 100 00 tlhr
iWM. WOELPER & CO.,
A fii 8-tf Proprieto . two
or 1
send for cntalogue, price 11., tersl'l , &., rt
-TO- lar
JOHN ALCOTT, t.a
LARSHAL, Texas. of
Traveling Agent for
A. SUMNER & CO., $i, Louis, fo
ion;
WE INVITE cor- dia
respondence fro i ig
?-l-lay onie neIedinllg a
PIANO or ORGAN. fur
and think we can
o f e f inducements i iti
not to be eqclialed. Sittlstictiod i giaran- p
teed. qui
There is no surer sign of civilization rel
and refineiment in a household than a ere
PIANO AND ORCAN, gr
cheaper for cash than ever offered before
or at better figures on long time and easy to
installmlents tri shit purehasers. -
There ik no nccesslfy longer waiting to nel
secure a first chlss PIANO or ORGAN if by
you need a ,satisfactory instrument and
have not full means at command, write I
us fot cntalodtte and terms. The well
known house of A. SU'MNER & CO., St. ap
Louis. will guarantee to sell better in
struments at lower figures than any oth- MI
er house North or South, having conunaln
of immense callital and, years of experi- M1
ence in the PIANO business, buying ex- Ag
tensively on a cash basis. canu sell lower
than any competing house.
Correspondence of close buyers solici
ted.
Most liberal t3rmt olfored to Churches .
Lodges, Oraniges and Ta, helre.
TAKE
SIII.S' LIVER REiIilATOR,
SFor all diseases of $ife Liver, Stoinach
and Splen.
After Forty tears trial it ii
I still receiving the most unqmual
ifled te~in'?oniais of its virti.es,
frolni fersons of the highest
caracier and responsibility. in
Enfiitent phbysiciami commendi A
i t as the most.
t It is cnoiler~ttN a Fam~.iy
idfieine, ndbi by Ii~.i kept Ii
deioad for inimtiedihate ren-ort, i
*ill save niany an hour of smf- l
t fering, iand nainy id dollar in.
) time and t
0 DOCTORS' BILLS,
Your Regulator is one of the best fami- I
hly ntedetnea I ever ~s~d. I hlve not h
r spent one dollar for my family for medi
eme in five years, only fo, your itegula- n
,tar, and must say it doeor all it slys it. ti
will. You can also recommetld i in Colic i
- for Stock, it lhaving eunred a fine male of
mnine worth Five Ilundlred dollars.
J. A. NELSON, Malcon, Ga. c
The Liver, the largest org in
in the body is generally the
seat of the disease, Iand if nott
1eulriated in t;me, great sof
fermug, .wretclednuesis and
DEA'rIt will ensume.
If yor feel Dill, Dfowsy, Di5e
bilitatled, have freqieut Head
ache, Mohth 'lastistllrydi, poar
Appeltite amd Tonge Coacd,
3'U are silfferhig fi:oin 'Tlrid
Liver or "!illionaness" anwt
nothing will cure yoe so speedi
- ly and penrtunently.
I- on. Alex. H' Steijherins.
"I ocesaionally use, when iy ebindli
tion requires it, Dr. Silltuouis' Liver heg
ulatoi'r, with good eflect."-Hotn. Alex.
H. Stephenms.
odes'tol * qo' larbani.
"Your Regulator huts been in 1150 ill m F
family for some time, and I anma persia
ded it isa valuable adilitibitr t toae mecdi
cal ~sbienc.--Goo.o J. Gill shorter, MIla.
12 'I have unsed' the Regulator in my fain
ily for flhe past nevenlteen years. I can
safely recomtiniu'it to the world as tihe
* best medicine I have eVe used" for that
oIf clas of diseases it puirpoits Ibt ure."-
H. F. Thligpen.
Bakltimore Episcopal Mdethod s.
!c This medicine is agknowledg
of ed to have no eqiiua as a Liveir
medicine; containgthose Sonth
ra, eii Ifoti6 al Herbhe whichran
- ll-wise Providence has placed'
ih eoiutrties where Liver Dhi
asies most prevail.
0o0 Lan-frii .PBua kessemet.
e cI' have given yout ttuslicinec a thoir
why oingh trial, aod.in: lo'i.tifR lttit failed to
givefumfiH l cttlftloni"--Ellen I eaichalm,
rl Cdhattddlaoehee, Fla.
"Fln'ratub experience in the use of
'P this mtiliiid'_ h p.actichee, I have been,
o and am oatisfiud to ise and preeeril it
ro as a purgative medicine."--.Dr.. J; W. Ma
' "Plhse used Dr. Simlons' Uive Reg
- ulator Oan mis family for Dyspepsia sad
-ick Ifeadache, and regard it as invala
for able remedy. It has not failed to give
roledl in any instance."---Rev. W. F.
Easterling'
is reaienti Oglek, Cig
l "Simmono' Liver Beplatr is-tri
-ya speellb or that dof
which itf"labis to rY-jP.i3
31. 1 1"!!ii s Colll6 1,
MI
FOUNDED IN 1825.
Under the Direction of the ReHligious of
the Society of the :acredl Heart. *
ST. JAMES PARISH. LA. ffo
IeffHS I1stitution is pleasantlyv t itnatºdc a
eo : the lMississippi i ver, bonllt .0 I',
miles above New Or'l.:lend. The buil lings eior
are spacions Ilid well ventilat.ed. The agail
aimn of the e'ligoe' conduhlcting it, is to po
secure to ti heir ipupils a thorough and - t- o
coitplishedl iediucl tion. iiiplicity of B.
dress is enforced by the rules. T'fl.ir Yo
health is the obiject *f l iltilrig ;olicitide i:
and, in sic'kni'ss, they are aifccltionatelj i t
and constanltly attenlded to. ee
T'he scholastic year, which is divided cow
into two sessions of five months each, lens
commelnces (on the first Weldnesday of all 0
Octolber. and terminates in the last week
of the following July. and
Terms for the Seholastic Year,
Payable in current funlds, and always in t
Advance.
ulntrance Fee, (Itt once) ageR
Board, with tuitioa in English and lnn
l"French 180 S
Wasa.hing :10
Books and Stationery 1it1 the
I)otor's Fte 6 Ceps
Sunmmer Bathi '2
.Music ( 80 bet
Use of Pilano or liarp 1 t
Drawing 30
Vacation charge, (for August and s
:'pClt'mbi') 45
Puppis area admitted at any time, sanl iod
chlarged only from the datfof t' entral:ce. oE
No deduction is iadle for a lpHil wuho tea
may he withdrawn before thie expsiatiou
of the Session, lunless it be on account D
of sicklness.
No particular diess is reqltired, ex- kin
cept oi l Si'ndlays anl 'tlhi-sslays, wrhen tell
blue Merino is worn inll winter, and in it
Hummer, pink lawn, and becasionally
white Jaconet or Naiisook. mno
Each pupil shojitl le protitded with a tur
blue. a white and a pink dress; a white
plain lot,bin,,t veil, two and a half or gIve
three yards long, according to tih size of oo
the young hlidy; a black plain tlhblinet f
.eil, twelve clttges of utinder garments, Col
twelve pairs of lhse, a dozen Itand a halt' pa
or two dozen pocket iaunelktc'hiet5 , eight n
large unapkins, eight towels, twelve col
lars, six tiight-gowns, four liairs ofshoes; an
a foot tub, toilet Ibox, work hox, goblet, P
table-kilitf; fork and poon ; two pairs
of hlankets, three pairs of sheets, three
and a half yards long, t wo and a half
wide; a mnusqlitdHbar of whiite netItilng.
four yards long, the top to be five feet
long, two and a half wide. All to be Sm
distintly fltirked with the number as- -6
signed.
Parents wishing their ehildren to be
furnished with clothing, etc., are ex
pected to deposit with the Treasurer
tinds for the purpose. pal
Pupils of every deuomilrition are re- we
quired to assist lat the public exercises of z
religion-no filrther influence is ever ex
ercised over their convictions on this
grave point.
Visits are confined, w~en practicable, of
to Sundays aund Thuirsdays, ind are to
be mnade only by parents, guardians and
near relatives, unless when authorized
by such as have power t6 do s, ;
Epistolary corrosonllidence is subject to Il
inspection.
F or circulars aniR further particulars,
apply to or address the MOTHER SU- t
PEUIOR, St. Michael's Convent. lI
MR. P. POURSINE, 140 Grasvier Street, to
New Orleans. or B
MR. M. II CARVER, Natchitoehes, La.,
Agi',ts, * May20-tt.
1Il FdCALYPT ?3 TREE I!
.All Exhaulistive Accoulit of its I'e
culialr Properties-l Reasion S for u
" the ncreasing Popularity
of the Tree-Its re
mark able A bsorp.
tion of Malaras,
tFrotn thie San Fraticisco Eveniing Bulletin.]
SWING to the constant inquiries froln
varioim portions of the United States
in regard to fe Ecsiyptuns Gl1obolous, or
Austraif~BGuoiTree, we Itre ilAhiced to
give a thorough descriptioii of it, eml
bracing many facte not lritherto pub- or
lished. Througlh the courtee.y if Sono
tagg & C5o., of this city, we ba'e devoted
mueh time Ito the cultivition of the tree,
we have obtained most of the inforlnia
tion here furnished. The Eucalyptus is
extesstet~ly growni hr Californtia, whbere t
probarblhy ur ess thalm one mlionu trees C'
: sre planted. In this eiy, in front of
t handsome resildendes, you will tind it
Swith its ntmagnifieent drooping brlches,
- miaking an ective and gradeful shade
t tree. In O'khir.d the' boioa avenn'es are
S In Algeria its cultivation was under
taken on a large scale. Some l13,000 En- (
calypti were planted in an extremlely pes
tilental and unhealthy section, were fever
prevailed to a great extent every year
During the first year of their growth, at
the time when the fever season used to I
set hi, not a single ease of fever occurred,
yet the trees werei icly hine feet high.
Since then this plac i's resported free
froni its mniwelc6nile viitilations.
In the vicinlity of Colnstantinople, an
other fever spot. marshy and sickly, the
whole grotnd wis dried np by t4,000 of ti
these trees. In Cuba marsh discsesa are
rapidly disuppearing iidpon the introdue- 11
lion of this tree. A. railway station in
the Department of Var wast, pestilential
that tihe otlieials could not remwin there -
i longer than a year. Fo'ty' of hle trees
' were pllnted, and the unhealthy eondi
Stionll of the place was changed.
STwo mll, t hss 'ilt1 aSywads, in this
8tate, thi, Sturveyor General plantd two'
grovesof the Encalyltus, one of nabout I
C ninety acres and the othsr seventy nacresi,
- the whole comprisillg .:lout, 150,M!O0 treets.
i- They are now only about live years olld,
v. yet nimany of the treer aire forlty to lifty
n- I.feet high. the whole making a lumst ex
m IteiieV6 and beautiful forest; for fuel and
ae timboey pInrptses being worth thoisands (
at of dolla s.
- Oborgin, 8inuth Carolina, Alabam and "
othler llu8thern States are a'wakdniiig to
the ilmportance of planting these tfrees,
and the same may beInaidoflNew Mexito.
These trees are propagated' and' for
sale by
Shrevellort, La.
Price ~i pOr dozen; single iPlant 75
cents each. Orders left at this office waill
receive prompt attention.
N. l1.-They are growing ill boxesn with
ra block of soil for each tree and ,arn be
Sshipped and transplanted any month in
m, the year withollt risllk.
April 15-tf.
of N NEl'ICE
rkihg bdgiahtit Mr. 8.' Parson's entire
it stockl of Horses, Ihacks, Buggies and
-Hearse, ss'well as a fill aslortnuent of
cotfiluns,.r now invite a .cottinuance of
theb patrfonage of the pblic.
a* Oharges will he moderat
ad Rire of nleare within coifiration $15.
In- Price for distances lheyond corrporate lim
ive its will be gover d' by the t'ditances,
F. from 25 to lO.
Coffins of all.at.Vlds on' handil, prices
ranging from $25 to$l00.
Jaly 8 if. P. VEULEMAN.I
o wort t frr tna, all..
a West na.
BEAD TIUE ANWO4ItNCPIEM!I*
or TaIl
Murray Hill Publishing Coi
John IP. Sewett lman e;cr.
CHRONC DISEASE Cured.
1 ,U1 ew pith. marked out i
Realth byy ti';t .h.i .- t
all books--Pl'.rx I:ov.. 'lAl.K AM MIIDICAL
CpuoS,.,: i..o u hontatul a nearly t,txt lipale
of orlgiual matter, ut ucrterinin se a faicilnatmin
story, Iletlth and loug life rl ie :,:;
learned and uttlearnvd. ('rantmed lull ,o Ln:;.,i
new ildeas, whitl, are cheering to the sick, and
intentely cntertaining to theye who are obrtunat.
enough to e-tape disease. It guards the readea
against the ittbole. of human snffctrit, and
puint. the way of dellveratce to thoee who are
aiready enrnlpt*~d. By all means, lind out all
about tt. It is for yol. It's author, lr. I..
iB. FooT, of 1=O LEXIOst Avtaler, New
YoIrn, is co:riuted by invalkls at hoame anti
Iabroad, Iti person and by letter, and has tead the
experience of nearly a quarter ofa eelalry.
In the treatm,.nt of long standing and dilicult diar
easee of everyt haracter; hence hi adbility to
write practcal tinths for tle invalid reader. lI1t
consultations are ra~E to the hick everywhtre;
hence his ininonee correlpodddence with Itheipck
all over th globe. Yot. tjA)Etrn, FtR AT L.ts
rntr To cd.Ei't.T the able author of J'loit Hlome
Talk and Medieal Common SH nse. fW'ritetohir,
and yvo will be struck with hi Conmmnon Scnre,
Whatever your malady you will receive light
which will do you good, by investiag only a
postage stamp, and writtng to l)r. F. We wish
to Interest you in both the doctor and his ntm
mortal book. Time Blook Itself. which glvep
satisfaction to all who read it, can be had of
agents, or of the publisherl direct. I'lani mnu
lin binding. $3.25, in the English or German
langonue. Library bindig, inl Eng'lish only,
.$3,.b5. Sent by mail, postage prepaid. on receipt
of the price. A lady writes the author: " I
have always felt that you were fhe physecian of
the world," from the fact of your wonderful suc
cesse and origqal ideas." tne reader mays -
"I have found it, to be one. of the grandest
works of the age." Another says-" I would rot
be without it f,r tw ce its coat." Similar letters
gech the author every day. Contents table
tree.
SCIENCE IN TORY; also by
uS. FIIoorE. Cheap edi
tion. 5 vole. in 1, neatly
bound. Q'; in 5 .pirale vo. at $, and S7.BO,
according to hinding. Sent by mail on receipt
of price. Just the thing foryoungpeople. Con
tents table free.
nIsh all of J)te. ltoot 's tpoptlai
ilie Publ ilcation. on health and.
Iindted topice. "olI EYES MADE NEW."
' tell how tn rctorothei .glt tandle ,pglaase.,
*itlhcit the tiig o loc.tor or Metlcl.ae. Ihlf at
milino have been issueid arheady l "Coroar
aND utlri. 1Iv t 'I i lI!l'tlrUIED' l s a valuable
moongraphl for those who are malicted with l:up.
tore or jihrida. "PurstOLOGIwAL. 1NIovtEMEa
or liMatrAtTr," relator to the sutbject of Iravin
people born right. "PIr'stO.corIcAL ARnasAS .
1 gives the latest researches egardllg t(he laws
I, goerdulg tenipeiamcutil asdatation, &c., &o
A STEP. BIACKWARD, revieWi Incoaslderate
~egislation concerning the Prevention of
I, Cocepton. ."SrtnAItonamnotA," or Sem.
Stpal ea!inept with cvidouce of its eurability.
"'' Cnor. its causes, pr"velnttn ntd Fore," lvl-i
nable to every imother having the carp of small
children. "(:9i FTr " causles, prevention
and cure. Any oine of the foregoing LDIm
i'tubla tions will be senlt by tall; postagi pr.
Spaid, on receiplof en cents.
FREE blicatOi i, We will sm p
f ply D", Fon's Free Publicsa
tions. "Oohdraist Adder to th
ck, abroad ut well as at bome a circular of
value to tre sick.. "Eridenees' f Dr. FootMi
ucars;" a tfxt page Prblet, fw by mall.
S-Bend for theta.
ý, b5,ooo dooa .tie-d
1GUE TS innc, li the rale. r W.
f f 'oi ble s hllattonit, and also several others
pub isher y us. Itead all of the above, and
send for particulars. Address, for terms, ottst
tc., The Murray lll I'ublistanglallg paluy.I
ust 2198th stret, Aei 'orek.
The Ladies' Vand-Book
of valuable lnformatlon to eacy
wbman; OLD or YOUNG, 4
Married or Single LADIES .o
SilI thank ui for this % HI
ilarid-Book, andno no """
Mother will object NER
to piacing it in the
hminlsof herdaugh V 0 U S
tors These Iljwd
Books are i oi h DERANIGi;
private trent MENTSofboeh
sexes, particularly
isees, but are raysis, Ao y
Intended ilepsy, an
for gch- rous derangementa:
tchirr Cause adt Cure:
ral cir- his Essay will be founw
cula. deeply interesting to Anl
tion. nervous iuferers. BO1T1
r EITHIEIR of the foregoinj
RAND-BOOKS sent FranctC
any daldriess. Addreusr witl
amp,N.Y.P'.Co.,BedfordXast,
I. IlQUIJELII,
LATE OF IAVANA,
4lyar ai ufacturer,
No. 11 DECATUR Street,
Oppeelte tfot Off1io, EW ORLEANS LA.
"Iales Agetit-J. M. PURCELL.
J. J. McCOOK & iBRO, on Washing
ton street, keep constantly on halnd t.lhea
Celebrated Cign9r at iWholoeale and retail
April 22-6'1n.
A. E L-emoe,
NOTARY PUBLIC.
((flice m1der Vindicttor OHice,)
ST. DENIS ST'REIT,
1ATCIITOCIIES, LA.
April I.- ly.
Dr. WT. 3. Powell
MEDICINE and SURUIERY.
i1'OFICE off ST. YrENIS N STrE r,
NATCHITOCHIE$, LA.
Calls to the Cotutry promapltly at
tended to.
TRir, to rAF: . doi,rsn.. n .1 , Flephew,, (,
lHamlin and G. E. nltlIlapiple. ara. a lrs. nid
& Campbell, Carver & Taylor, Trichel & Airny
and (l',. . E. Buake.
April 8.-ly.
Siunontt ~ Line.
iti Pih Winter Arrangement,
FOR GI.1AND EC('OtE, MoiTGOMERY';
AI.I.X.NI6I i1, PIXNEVII.1LE NOMMAN'S
BARhIIN'R, FORT DEli'f8Y,
All Way Landings.
The A I'Mi aifldead ana fart
rununing paasnolgagr pask4t,
MART A LE!
It 8iseorr, Maste', ]Ji rr, ICle.tsk'
FarcII,
EAVE Grand, Ecore positively ever.,
L TCTIEsiA at 12 Mt.
For freight or paa:IcO apply n1 haord t,lA .
JU'f, S 1. ItIM , Ageut
March 2'--tf.
O. C apmartin.,
Lornier Fronlt & Jieerson Streets.
IIdt-I - IN
lMt Gcooi,
(JItOCERIES,
HARDIWARE,
and General Mtrclsaidiaie.'
Bargains offered to Cash' nitatoni'et
March 25--y.
Is -DEALER IN-
FAMILY -GIIOCER TES:
Special ioducements to Ci~s'Customer,
-SECOND mSTREET,
S Nato)itoei, La.
dC. b 5F--1y.y