Advertising Olate 1. .nXree.
ga~ir 10 ; I 1n 011 I IIM lilt KS u1 I IIv Il 5 l iVim
sqae .- 66 1 01 n II00;51
4 5 Mq frl, .. 1,11111 i t 10 ,t nut 0 t10 .. . . . . .
I jnnts-. " o I I! ·. ,o rJ.J. P. COSCROVE
7 sq tiartil . 1. I i1111 i 17 i11111 :It ! 1 I 1111 711 ( ( TL IHLT JSl.
,,,,,,,... 1 1l WlL F A I E 0F T IlE ElO [ L I, IS '1'H (+: S ITI'. U P I ýI II, L A WIV.,,
r5 sqarl.f.. " y 1 7,1'"1 0 Official Organ of the White Citizens of Red diver, Sabino, Winn and fatchitoches arishes. .) ,,,: l.lil luil,, ......... I  ,
inenttlullre titll. : t I t'lll r N'I h fu r tll .ll l\ OL. Iv, }€I i "ljClr ' .N, llM,;iAl i., D ; I L ll. 1 5 ,, 1 8 1
m 19
BUSINESS DIREC OURY.
,St. D enli . * trert4.
,.. .-_--
f.LVEFR-Woo- d'u1 an ltlacksmtitfh WOrk,
A PERIN.I-Thl New Stand -Beer Gardells,
. Fine Wines. Li ,1ur.sand I 'iiars. St. ),."..
-'LL'-lN--lb'otalurallt, St IDenis Streelt.
ALEX LEMEE-- Notary Publlic, St, Denis
6 street.
A )e t and '.ant.ºv , r tt. lb i, str,,et. -
BflOOKS.C- n ,ant Pisto~lIs sl, ma4e and
B Repaired. St. Den is itreet.
l I. LL.\RI) & (' \A MI PElI..lh rlhandllisar 1d
)' Plantatito S ,plpli'4. Front street.
ýt I [ Cl ( NINIllAM & Cll.hPLIN--At
) torntys at la t ". .tlahi t
OLE I AN LI IX -F walt. G(r'ei's and11
l( neral 3fI,'t h:16 li,'1. l'r " t 1tr1.1t.
r ASPAR- I & DEIT 1CI-Ir-v Gouds, G;.i
'U -erie, a,14 (,General Mferhandize. S.le
Agents for S.r.w lottom Shoes. Front street.
FORGE \ I .\--F1amil- y (an I rh44ries, under
.l,65 4i f,,,i' L t 6 d 'St ret
g ONT}ENIT'-Plant Is' ih-t1--FIi 4-rite
. r fi'rles 6 a 11nd strarn, r' r' sor, lt. St. Denlis.
G IEN t - at ia Sim e, matte and repair.
. eli, St Dni Street.
G EORGE V. W.KE.L t\N-. t.,rhcr d 1rand No
..tary PIbtlic. ('6urt Ilou , 2id .street.
ENRY GI iN lS-I-'hatrter )ak Stores and
II Tinwar6, Front Street.
H KAFFEE---I)ry Goods and Groceries, Front
" street.
HT. LIT('lITENSTEIN- 'General ts.orttient
*Dry (l Gond  and Orrceries. Front street.
TARRIS JA FFA..-1)ry (Golod alnd (Groceries,
SFrnt street.
H PERCY-I- Survyor St. Denis street,
t SIJION--IDry (;odls and (iroceriets, Wash.
l ington Siree"t.
I NELKIN--Dry Goods and CGroceries, Jetler
Sson, street.
I JACOBS--Dry (ionis andI (;roe'rie, below
I the Dirt bridie. Jeifferson Street.
JOHN RITS' A--Drv (lGo,,l4 arndl Groceries,
b low the Dirt bridge,. .Jifferson Street.
J NO.GEN() & ('1--T)ry Goods and Groceries.
Washlini tnn street.
J AS. GE.NIT--l)rv onods and Groeries,eor
nor Jetterson and Amulet Streets.
J WV. ITUDI)A.\T-The Phoeni'-Cl-(ihice 1l.
. quier and ('i,,ars, St. Denis Street.
JAS. M. 11. TUCKER--Attorney at Law St.
Denis Street.
JAS. KING---Watchmaker and Jeweler, St.
Denis street.
J DUN'IKtLE \I.\N-..Iarness and Saddlery,
* Washington street.
J C. TItICIIEL--G6eneral M11erch:tanlie.Wash.
* Ington street.
J DU(.ASSE-Ceneral Assortment of Mor.
. chanlize, WV:ashiuttotn street.
J H. STEPPRENS -Lumber Yard. inters.ction t
" Front, Lnfayetta and W.tshiniton! streets.
J. MJ c('(OK & lIlt1 .--Greneral Wholesale
Sand lRet:ail Dealer and sole Ag'lent for Wag
one, Washington ristreet.
5 A. DI)Ut)RN.\I'-Faucy and Staple Dry
* oodls, l.Ioots, Shoes, nlats and Clothing,
Front street
AMES T. S1'IPOWL - Honse. sign, and or
narment-l painter, Front St., corner Tolntine.
L CARIlEL--T'hl, G4 m a4raI Room:t, choice
Wines, Lign1or and C('iars, Front street.
L EVY& PIILLIPS-Full stoclk Fancy and
"J Staple Dry Goods and crrceri-es.Front st.
L. DUPLEIX- .Land Agent, St. I)enis street.
M ORSE & DRANG(UET---Attorneys at Law,
2d street, corner Trindau. .
M, . CARVER-Dry GoCrl. Groceries and
" General Merchandite, Ftlot strreet.
O SCIIAFFRAT.\ -Boot and Shoe Maker,
. St. Denis Street.
O CAPMARI'IN-Goneral assortment of
" flGoods of all kin is, .JetHfrs)n aiteet.
1. VETIEMAN - Undertaker, Washington
*LStreet.
PPOETE--Baker, Jeffeirson street.
E'IITJEAN HLUDWOnRTR H & CO-Wood.
i work and Blackamithing, Corner 3d and
Sibley 8Rs.
P VETLEM.AN---.Fmily andl Plantation
* Groceries, Washington street.
R S. CALVES.-.Dentist, Jefferson street
P E. BURKE-Cheap Family and Western
*. Grocery Dealer, F1 ront street.
R P. TIUISON-Llvery, Salo and Feed Stable,
IL. St. D nis Street.
S. NBLKINS- Dry Goods and Ornceries, Jeff
K-* erson Street, below Dirt bridge.
S WINBARG-Genleral Mrceharudize, Pl an
* tation and Family Supplies. Front Street
T PONS.-Dry Goodls aid Groceries, Wash
* lngton street,
,T LACOSTE-Drngglst and Apothecary, Front
*street.
T IIALLER-BBck's Brilliant Stoves 'aid
J.. Tinware, \VWashingtor Street.
T TAUZIN-Billiard Room antd Bar, Front
* Street.
T.SCESUAN-Wholesale anrd Retail Mer
* chant-general assortment for the trade
-ret street,
W . H JACK.. Attorney at Law, 2d street,
eorner Trudan.
W M. DOST-Boot and Shoe Maker, St. Denis
t~reet.
) B. POWELL--Physiacin and Surgeon,
VT.t. Denis Street,.
Professional Cards.
M. A. Dunn,
Physician and Surgeon
Mllongomery, La.
. d. CUXraIw/ .qI.a.1,
i-ATTORNEY AT LAW.
4i Caronaet Street, NEW ORLEANS, LA.
IWILL attend the June and December terms
.oato the Distrieat courts at his old home
fatehitoches, La.
(8aesseeor to JACK & PIEasos)
Attorney and Counselor at Law
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
- ab-e, flsoto, Red BRer, Winn, apide,
4 9tspU and in the Supreme Court of the
S8.' promptly attended to.
'Wmca . I ervy,
ATTORNEY AT LAWV.
(Rs BeRamed the Practice of his Profession.)
L.practioe it the Parish and District
Cbrts of NatchitoChes and Red River
.t$ meW Coart of Louisiana, United States Dis.
lIt sad Circuit Court of Louisiana and U. S.
ef(tttClaims at Washington.
WOllie in the Lacoete Building (Up
Stairs.) .L
NATC'HITOCHES, LA.
u *26, 1877.
IMORSE & DRANGUET,
ATTIORNEYS A.ND (C'O SELOIIs .11'
L.! II:
Oftie'on Second Street,
NATCIIITOCIIES, LA.
May 2r; 1+77.
C. Chaplin. J. 1I. Cunningham. T P. 2haplin.
CHAPLIN, CIINNINGHAI & CHAPLIN
Attorneys and Counselors at Law.
St. Denis St., Natchitoehes, La.
w ilI,L practice in the corts oft Hap
Sides, (Grant. Winn, uahine, 1):Soto.
iRed River and N;atchitoches, and the
Supreln Court of the State.
CClaims promptly atteided to in any
part of the Union. March 25-ly
JO H. B. RO IEJ R TSOX,
r (Late of New Orleans,)
ATTORNEY & COIH ELOR ATLAW
( 'O) rH F.\T'I'":, •
RED RflI'EIl PlRIlSH, LOtUISIIX.
Will praetiee in Conshatta, Natchito
ches, 3lau-tivld, Many, aind in every part
tof 'N ortIh-w.st L,4misiana Special atten
tion given to Landi causes anid SnICcsUioIIns.
Junll' 9)th, 1. 77-tf.
Dr. W. B. Powol]
MEDICINE and SUR(GERY.
OFFICE oi ST. DENIS STIREET,
NATCHITOCHEI, LA.
Clle to the G.epntry propptly .at
teited to..
Refters to D)rs F Johnson, J. ,4 Stephelns C.
llamlin and I. ( I. (illeapie. IMesrin. iullard
& Camnlphll, Carver & Taylor, Trichel & Aires
anl ('ol. R. E. Burke
Aprilt .-,
Business Cards.
.........................................
C. A. BULL ARD N. H. C MPn.ETI
Bullard & Campbell,
-DEALERSl IN
DRY GOODS,
GROCERIES,
IHARDWARE,
And General Metrchandise.
Corner FuONT & L.FAYETTE Street,
Natehiloches, La.
[IIGIIEST ensh price paid for cotton ald
country produce in cash or nl lrchatldise.
March 25 -ly.
Peter TVeule.man,
-I)EALER IN
FAMIL Y GROCERIES
A tull assortmi. nt of WA.u,-P r.:l conl
s:tntly on hatId.
Soucral indutcenments to CAstI Castonters.
WASIINGTON STREET,
Natclitoches, La.
March 25-1y.
-----------------------------------
J. C. Trichel,
-DEALER IN
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, HARD
WARE, BOOTS afd S~IOES, HATS,
ETC.
Highest cash price paid far £otton and
Coautry Produce.
WASHINGTON, ST.,
f NATCHITOCHES, LA
RL. E. B'TrtI.LIL,
-dealer in
GROCERIES
Fuo Nr STREET, Natchitoches, La.
C. L. WALMsLEY. R. M, WALMIS.LT
C. L. WALMSLEY & CO,
COTTON FACTORS
-AND-
GENERAL COMMISSION MERCHANTS.
Perdido St., New Orleans, La.
March 25-ly.
Osear Chopin;.
COTTON FACTOR
t -AND
COMMISSION MERCHANT,
. o. 65 CARONDELET ST.,
July l-lv New Orleans.
F. F. IanisellU,
'(JAMEs A., ..liA.fAM. Manager)
30 ...... CAMP STREET......30
NEW OLEANs, LA.
PRINTES, BOOKSELLERS
-AN)D
STATIONERS,'
And publishers of the
LOUISIANA ANNUAL REPORTS
VOLS. 28 & 29.
All kind of LAw, MEDICAL and SCHOOL
Books sent by wail.
Address as above,
Lock box 847, New Orleans.
T. 8. FOSTER JR.,
WITH
ORR & LINDSEY,
--MANUIFACTURES AND) JOBBERS
BOOTS and S4OE$S
ST.LOUl8, MO.
July 14-6m.
I, D. WORRALL,
WITH
SIMMtONt' HARDWARE CO,,
-IMPORTERS OP
HaRDW HRE t CITTLER !
ST. LOUIS, MO.,
July 14-6m.
r'UTT'S PILLS
A Noted Divine says
They are worth their
weight in gold.
READ WHAT HE SAYS:
Da. TurT:-Dear Sir: For ten years I have been
a martyr to Dyspepsia, Constipation, and Piles. Last
spring your lulls were recommended to me; I used
them (but with little faith). I am now a well man,
have good appetite, digestion perfect, regular stools,
piles gone, and I have gained forty ponods solid flesh.
They are worth their weight in gold.
Ryv. R. L. SIMPSON, Louisville, Ky.
TUTTIS PILLS
CURE SICK READ
ACRE.
TUTT'S PILLS
CUBE DYSPePSIA.
TUTT'S PILLS
CUBE CONRTIPATION
TUTT'S PILLS,
cvUs PLaS.'
TUTT'S PILL
CUREB AND
TTT LI I
CURE fIlIOU 9O10
TUTT'S PILLS
CURE KIDNEY COM
PLAINT.
TUTT'S PILLS
CURE TORPID LIVER
awmuse
Dr. Tutt has been en
gaged in the practice of
medicine thirty years, and
foralon time wasdemon.
strator 6F anatomy in the
'Medical College oT Geor
gia, hence persons using
his Pills have the guaran
tee that they are prepared
on scientific principles,
and are free from all
quackery.
Hie has sncceeded in
ombining in them the
heretolore antagonistic
ualitiqs of a strea~heu
. z_) ,pgoa~tive, an'aur.
• *r2 it apparent ef
,:sýoh i reae the ap
iti e by ciusir f ie food
to proprl/ afsknm Ja.te.
TfiulIs szfm'is nour
SiseidnIl'by their tonic
'actioi ohthe djgestive or
g3nasealtar and health,
evacuations are produced.
The raidity with which
.irrse l ao fl pesk,
while under the influence
of these pills, of itself in
dicates their adaptability
to nourish the body, and
hence their eficacy n cur
ing nervous debility, mel
ancholy dyspepsia, wast
ing of the mulnes, slug
gishness of the liver
chronic eonstipatlon, and
imparting health and strength to the system. Sold
everywhere. Office, 3. Murray Street, New York.
TRIUMPH OF SCIENCE
Gray Hair can be ebaned to a
3 'ossv black by a single applcation Of
iDr.Ttrrr'sHairDye.lt actsikemagic,
and is warranted as harmless as water.
Price $i.oo. Office 35 Murray St., N.Y.
WHAT IS QUEEN'S DELIGHT?
Roead the Answer
It is a plant that grows In the South, and is spe
cially adapted to the cure of diseases of that climate.
It is
NATURE'S OWN REMEDY,
Entering at once into the blood, expelling all scrof
ulous, syphilitic, and rheumatic affections. Alone,
it it a searching alterative, but when combined with
Sarsaparilla, Yellow Dock, and other herbs, it forms
Dr. Tutt's Sarsaparilla
and Queen's Delight,
The most powerful blood purifier known to medical
science for the cure of old ulcers, diseased joints, foul
discharges from the ears and nostrils, abscesses, skin
diseases, dropsy, kidney complaint, evil effects of
secret practices, disordered liver and spleen. Its use
strengthens the nervous system. imparts a fair com
plexion, and builds up the body with
HEALTHY, SOLID FLESH.
As an-antidote to syphilitic poison it is strongly
recommended. I nndreds of cases of the worst type
have been radicallv cured by it. Being purely veg.
etable itscontinued use will do no harm. The best
time to take it is during the sumnfer and fall; and
instead of debility. headache, fevdr and ague, you
will enjoy robust health. Sold by all druggists.
Price, $.oo, Office, 3 Murray Street, New York.
L CASPARI. M. 1)ITtICHI.
Caspari & Dietrich,
(Laeoste unilling)
FRONT St., NATCIUTOCHES, La.
GRAND opening of a NEW MAMBMOTH
FALL AND WINTER STOCK,
direct from the New Orleans and Easter mar.
kets, consisting in'part of
DRY GOODS,
CLOTHING,
HATS,
BOOTS,
SHOES,
GROCERIES,
CROCKERY,
HARD
WARE, &c., &c.
LADIES AND GENTS'
FURNISHING GOODS.
In fact,
A full line ofGOODS for the country trade
All of which they are selling at less than NEW
ORLEANS PRICES
FOR CASH.
Call and examine the largest and most com
pletestock ever brought to this market and
satisfy yourselves as to their prices.
Highest price paid for Cotton and coun
try produce,in cash or merchandise.
March 25-1y.
O. Shaifrath,
Boot and Shoe Maker.
CHALLENGES the world for neatness
and durability of work. Satisfacti-3
in fit and material guaranteed
Shon ;,u St. Denis St.
.A. 3E, jLemooee,
NOTARY PUBLIC.
(Office under Vindicator Office,)
ST. DENIS STREET,
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
April 29.
JOSEPH C KEYSER,
Brickmaker and Layer.
IS PREPARED to do all work entrusted
to him quickly and in a workmanlike
manner. Tomb, Chimneys, Cisterns and
other work solicited.
Orders left at BULLARD & CAMP
BELL'S will be promptly attenldcd,jo.
Jan. 27, 1.
FROM EVERYWIHERE.
Washingtont, I). C*
.dtge , i ]lnlphrley's deli'v]red his opin
ion in the m;:('.ter of John J. l'att.r'ei.
relator. fil il.eas 'lco ,lm ,' t he rb :a,d
front N:airrant of'arre,-t on It requifitioln
from the governor of' south Carolina. -
There wer'l'e I('present alotttin otlhersnelatolr
Pa'tt'son .n u two of his connsecl naM ol,l
M1es'rs. ('ook and Shieiliacrgelr, mnI 31r.
Lo.,wdes. at tlrni'e for South (nlarolina :.
The ,jultge's oinion was cl'abomrate. le
denied the power of thei State- of `Moth
Carolina to vacate Senator Patterson's
Commiossio whllich nit'st Contnllllue Iuntil
constitutitlnllvy revoked in pnrsmance of
o'rgauir althorit\'. It could not Il. .aid
that S,,nator 1allttersotl was :1 fngitiv,
from justice. as lie WaS here ill the dis
chargef f tlficial dutics like ail otlher
members of .cogress, and hesides he11 had.
acted in the ealpacity of'secth"tor years hte
fort the present indictment %\:-s 'ro:u ht
:against him in the Smith ('arol lt cou'rts.
The writ was graited 'nod del'eund:nl dis
charged.
Bill for the Sale of Timber.
The commissioner ,general of the lanml
othei' is lprepaitg a hill th' the saihe or
disposall l of ti:rmher aril timher ]:tnls i:
ltaccodailt:le illh the rceoltlnend1liona ol'
thet' ortarV of the interior :ailt hiimself
trin lthir alnualt rieports, which will prll
ly vained thr timihr and ni t suited fItr
a'icultural purploss flint tne. op erato11
of the h<omestead ant premlrptiot law :ltd
from liability that may Ihe laken bIy any
of the Various .indls of land scrip hereto
fore provided for by law. The hill will
also provide i ,ir the sale of timber of cer
tain kinds, resl'e ing the soil with a view
to a ttrenewal of t'rests.
New iicoei'ratie Paper.
Tihe' new democratic journalh'lh-ld 1the
Washington Po;t, made its alpuarnt,.
starting with a slie'imcn issue of ahoit
tell tholsaI d copiesl . The stall conui.t s
of Stillsn i utch'ins, prlpriittor: John A
Cotker;l l. it ma llnaig editor; A. O. l itlll,
editolrial w\iter, and1 Aiken and Marks
assistants. A Dellmocratlic '(,ll5 81 o thel
hou.te voted tfendorse amt sustain it. It
is contlenplated by the inutlagLt'nt to
adopt the plan so loh, practiced by tir
tain iutlnential newspapers of Ilntrchasin;
news from outaide parties. which will he
a new feature in Washington jour'nals.
Kellogg and Other Frauds.
The admission of Kellogg to the S-II
te may ill the endl be thle Mos stlt sumniry
wa'y of having meted to hi Ihis j4st do es.
D)ispatches received h(ere' from New (Or
leans are to the e ittct that there is t
strong tieclit' on1 the part of otlicialS to
unearth his tnetarious record while an of
ticer of the State of Louisiana, and pro
ceed expeditiously to arraign him at the
hat of justice fll. his I'C1i 1l uof i" fatlll .
Jludge Splltitrd, who has been dejprii ve
of his seat to ac<nnluodate thell deman,· s
of a ying plarty, feels exceedinglyy anz
gritved, and will le:ave n1 stone untrIn
ed to convin ce Kell.ggs paIrty Cclleagllts
all of whom voted for hint, that they have
dishlonored the' Senate ill admitting ole
whiun ,tns of th,.nl honestly ] elieved
was nev,.r elected. There has been a
great dhal o:f mfllstetTy to untelth il the
co)lnsisttecy of St:alley Matthews in vo
ti". ,o give Kevllogg his seat. It is all
Sdi.l ablit here as hotel go sip that he
was given his scat as a price of his si
ltneC. He kIlew too ulll(ch and it was
deemed best by the President and the Rlc
publicnn party to toy his silence for a
Senatorial seat. For eight months Kel
logg has haunted the corridors at Wash
ington hotels, and in his intercourse, both
with conftidential friends a11nd those who
were not, lfe always maintained that Ihe
wouil he aldittell toe the Senate. His
intereonrse with lhses has been freemwet
during this ilime? indll it is not denied by
his warmest friends that he has given the
President to unlderstanlld thati he eixpect
ed to be rewadtnl for tihe part he play'd
in :manil tinog thle eletio retIurnls in
Louisian. Jdllst so sllre 115 thesin shne slll
thle iany is conlg whtllen no power can
keepl hack this ulphatval of rottcl'ness.
Nicholls, the Govternor of Lt ouisiana is u1n
der no obIligations now to Hayes, inas
much as lHayes' spokeslnen in tih Senatie
have repudiated a policy which was ial
gurated hy the President, 0uh4r the 111
vice of the very nlen who fill back to
party lines for t meretilt) sake of ga.ining
votes. Madlison Wells 1a1d Anderson,
againtlst Hlayes in thle nlatter of the dispo
stiion o thile New Orleans ColletoishI5ip;
and even the visitinlg statesmen, who
were aecessories0 both befoltre iand alte r
the franudi, with but few exceptiols, arce
about willing that the truth should be
known, inasmuchll as llayes is willing to
be a llbenificiary offrn'd, hut is (a1ntios
to the interests of tlse 'who enlgicrtd
and carried it out. The Denlocrats, or a
nt1jority of then, in the Senate have
bteen willing to let the lmatter ,rilrp so ftar
as Hayes is ctmce1'ned, hot since the
same firaud has allowed thle Senate to he
invaded by a usurtper, contrlary to tihe
will of the people of the 8tate of Louisi
ana, the question arises whether il is not
justice to the outraged people of Louisi
anato let thIe secret of the lR'tUltliltg
Buard be exposed to tIhe lIght of dlay, rna
ther than he continually haunted with
both the snubstanl'e and shadow of infa
lIy. Kellogg's indictment is only a atat
ter of a short tilne, and, if pressel' to trial
evidence will be forthconing to show tihe
secrets of thte atm etings sf those whol con
troverted the will of the peopleof a lState
and by so doing likewise contro\'erted
the will of a majority of all the States.
Ketllogg may keep hisl silence, but his ad
mission to the Senate lnnseals the lipsn of
other hearts that still ache.
Rearangemtent of Committees.
The following are the principal chan
ges in the senate comnittees as annolt -
ced iy the viee-presidnct ti-day: The
Denoceralts have increased representaltion
o0n live of the princeipal ommittees as tol
lows: "Finance, Senator Votrhies; military
affairs, Senator Butler; naval althirs, Se
nator McDonald; District of Columbia,
Senator Harris, Senator Burnside has
been tranlsferred from concinOrce to piost
olices 1and post roads, a11d Senator Jonles
of Nevada, hastaken his place on com
mIllerce. Senator Ferry h beenll relieved
from the chairmanship of the connnittee
on rules and Senator Blaint has taken the
chair thIs made vacant. Senator Teller
supercedes Senator Blaine as chairman of
committee o1 civil service and retrench
meat. Senator Kellogg has been placed
on the colnlltittees on territories, rail
roads, Mississippi levees, and the special
committee to inquire into the suibject of
election of president and vice-president
of the United States. Senator Butler has
been placen off the senate committee on
transportation routes to the seaboard.
*Gen. Ord was hefore the house commit
tee on foreign affairs. Answering a direct
question by Cox he said: "Diplomacy
had failed to correct the nmischefthat the
I military were gradually utecetlding. lie.
thol .ght 'v1 gte.:siinil (endo1.4.n4lit of Ith
military policy would have 1 e dsh'sired
ei',et, h b14 cause' it wviil o44n4 ioli h t h le'x
itlan govw''r ll n1. n1l a' ! 1 l ' ;t ',,i :l ti iAt th le
militiri l 14t' ('lic4 \\,i:t linot t'4:o1 4r 4rl' , hutl
4\\t Vldl h 'i1m1intd tili 'II ::t1 . t ,li I lin .
was di-cul ont+ i:;,::tl. In nill r , to l r11.11.1.
f1 A ihaima, ('rd ,xjl ,i's4t the.l o)pinio'n
tlhat the ret;:.,niton of 1)i:.z wo\ hl ha-ve
t s:lhtolVtr '(fiet. f , te411d1I1t4. to p1rm4ote
iENE...L,
'ii4 it l liit 'a'i \'114 14'I iMxio
iiA I ,ltls , fu4ro1 l t1 ingisr iitln t'e line
of the North-411 l strn l ailro:al gives tihe
details Ii 'ri'. htIu ll I(4 eitli: wvhich oc
4("r1:11 id :Il 4 Ih : 14a t ' i ' 44l \'1 4 (4l 4 daitý'y last.
A tr('14 v liin -ho,,' (_4 il,44 n14 1 sto 4 ,pl4e1d
at the' t,\lwl it 4',r l4 the 4 l o.,1 e of relic.'!il.4
thi e r t l, s iit' all their , par t'i 1e n1 . ,ndi
itn ortt1'r l 4rl ;ttc unc ,i'f1lly to ct:tfrr, lul
th4 1 r414 '\4i4rhy l,+1il4 ilaV l wiil h th'i'l
,g ti lls t ` (1:j, ,'I hvh h itlic Ot!i ll
a {ll4' 111 t'1 " ;li'm , 11 +lca 1 of which o;li', of t1llt
co1(1l (11t y 'l'lV'iSile d into 4lll air . and wet''lll i
14t1''m ih 4I'l4taii g44 111 l tiii 1411' ri n.i14 (441
'lThis Ixlil n i :I s r ',' of c111lse, a1(nd
drew n14441 thl 'li, lii. i' h the hour11 ll
fir the ,ha uii ;ll I." c' l,tiin arrived h lll' c,
town and sun.thing country w a, ly dlitve
(v'i ha'4(14411 set441 a 4111 ), hthll 144' 14l4414T11k
'dt4((4 1i ,f 111 tl t14- h 14wh ' iri 'cdin withll''llt d i'
h-ht(1 O, N rt' , iht' a 4 'tisit v. By dint
rO! (M' 41st slu tw. iii'º "11u s 4 c nsented to'4
1ihold 11 mii iti ls if tile h ta :lte i , 4 hilt i uitl'
thing was in r4eadin4-tes, a lil in a pair 1(I
rred i4V' l'l tIL." 4 n '! 4 h:41 4 l it' 144li'- ll int d
\\i: a heci''d In i!\y. Thi halllolln way
i d, viol ently t4 and fro, ,lfl lit' niruil'nt
took his et;il upn Ia small hr which1 di'.n
gi ld 'fr1l'm wth :i 4'ii 1. mil ,"ti.. an the or
ider to aist lbllet. Thte nct Ill: ,hy its 11: d
4h4t4'hi lh ll il l4id4 | 14r4ill4i4 e,, tilll huii' a1l.
their hois upon the ro4'en and the bll
lool sh llt upwi all' l li'1t, an ait'l'o fronl ci.
how. To'' the consti'tr tiol oflthe crtiow d.
h4w44 v 141, it was 44 i-4 n Ib;:' t o ne of the n1
hliglrl cril '1I. t'l4 l' 41( 1il , i144' i 'ii ili- Iii'
gres had l' s h rnw ; . lta; lluh in tilt' mitt's.
;al I is l'ellig !Hoi'nt ;hloft witlh l''al-lit
r:alphlilv. With :t w"onderfltl iprt'snce of
li4n4 l te hlit Inlt uti tiil dat rkev to lgias l the
rope with his hal;il . ii nd. i4, ft14 ' dislli-l
gi4 1is ft,44 fr Iom the r111 ,s', '14 li 4eill tot4
ith iar 11lltu i which ait, ii eii lislithi red.
Ii.t,'ad, hullivt r4 . Of rii laini4 g nu ieon this
coiI4114rati4v' l,\ scArtil'e ierhi, he t go. his
hIld liand htaniltl :aling down t1 i ll, roe
I n t: lic ;iildl u kion raching the l nli, hte
h it g' , lntirt'ly, l14i d was d Ished toi t)ll
earth, hahving fallen lhrou h aIt s iaC itof
al4ullt sixly f4cet. Thc ct4rowd. wIere 4 ,sot
ct'l l teillt y l ,awe-Strico ( e tlhat not, ioine4
won l dare approach 'the prostrate oIan.l
After stint- lithtstilne, huw' vet'r, several
g hntleeiin who were near hv went fp to
ihe negi ro aid t nll d i ini h bleedinig pro
titly froml til, n 4ou i i i urci' ll ;i t4ilntly
ullc oltsios)ln4. At lthe last a'ountsl tilt,
Ilan was still alive, ibul it is hardlly pos
sihhb' f'r hint to recover. The 14ronanl'te
succeeded in mi king a safe landing
The following is Ii Washington special
of th1 New i''Orleans D oll crailte ei :
i'Whatever larliticlt or imit}y t1ere 1may
have lien hbiwlveln the 11;1-s aminnis
trationll Intd th'e Il: inl',raticl' rtv in thi -
i't:lt is now al t aill lle d. i The ,cvotes l fi
S ;ttnl ' st lal:th ws, Chi4 -lic l and linothi
rhi,hseited Krlluh ;g, o ;tr.' :, l,, by
It l.- ' iec(irats a rci4 ilt in ful li o'f all
i 'iles n' g t oe f tih'e i ,rinllt' l'1 ol tFit'-,
 i'and fl iiot iI tl tlti i 1,li n ( to o ppats will
lnot inhite ri t, o save ill:iyv.- frorlml its
vI.len rilill oi li lt i ll !,o , \whol i 4 O' i 14 l the
unldisutted iaster of t4ilt Ret1 llicaln ut
jority if the senaite.
This, inllurver, is onil the s beginning
of the war. Hitherto, ' pc'l'r tanld 1or.
I lyl h tave leen let Ilone ' th lg riltll ald jll
1rits of tiliw Statel th1 misrei' Cesent, for
reiasons of policy which no longer have
any weight. Now t wr i sl ili to he open
bsln will son have company.lI
W'anImoth e1x41cts Kellogg to op1pose
the con firma'ition of Lav ren1cc ail is
very' bitter againsit hin.
Enropean Notes.
ResIlgnatlion of Ilie Minisfry.
London, Dee. 7.--Th Tinmes has |ltel
11 ' itt n Icmbrlle 6ith, 1877.i
The French minisatr tendered its tes
' ig4l1 tioi at 1this nmor' ing's ciluncil adll
rlntD'il M ialon has" nlc tEllltd tEit n.
Trh flthllwhig 'igire the condi' 1'tions 111,
\\which e1 )ufourt; agre, el d tol atltvemp It,,
f Loirmoi c Obi'e1''ii : Thai the (iiitliry sliall
haivtl 1i'thre lihb ir114 -1 \s i41 ofic4l i ti]lill, ,1iit
mni' t i' i that the (1n4ih l 4ie. Ito bills
restricth' o tlpod,'l1 to dtclr'e eigre ,nlid
mnodlifyi''4l' Iiri 444 s r(,Itrir' iolii , and t hall
(Solid a 4i t4..s1g1i.111 1o 1h4 ch4' nbTsecretary Ile
t4 'i'n it a i ihst Illfriciou1s disso ltlligl .
Tnhor Miihal acl(,ent thes, ctllidi'isios
with ofch ]Billicultyonlirst dIlclyirhig
h1ive the choice of .nisters of mii e,
wLr ond thregn li.Thee. [. Duf'oure
oiitde ni ,lgicem t onoe this oltihilt \ld it
is cr(nsideritd unaccetheaPolpe . The lninis
try will pr1 ofably )iot l1( tlinatlly foriu4
esd for two t io'ys.
c1't, 1h 14 rfsignation of 41pi(nh, rnhip,
hith wht authoriti4iv'ly contrnidicicd i'
lfort itiht siuce, are SYiii chiihl thig,
'The Lo'idon I oirresihonde'iit of the Etdtlin
hllr' ,lloilltl iv is confid4n(ially ull
fihilyied in w'il, itnithermeti quCrrdi that
411iil 411constichl will rett'e btire par
lnia donD5t cc.sublh-;s nhat Lhrd Derby will
Auis of ftilury' Tw stccrethabr'y of th
shihe 4 r ildi'i, ill ,lCC hitsed Lord Dirrly
as secrnets.iy ' dislttl fu'1 the foreign de
mors now cnltent caly be, ihere is no
London, Dec. r.--The Ht11ahl's corres
t urdn night the Pope hrd a ]rotracteh
a'oSxysmn of pini so torribly svere as to
ultinnitely inducfli ,yntope-o a 14 idd1( i' ar
hca't Ir wd s fr i t hihe mer iio prehe'ndt, d
'hat air H'elpiin!(ss toa 4hi his las\ 'i11(il'V,
141'. mIimellt s tlow rg,'rdes d is l ii
Oni 1.'!"ihtii e -till },,'mxr-,:na
I 8 i l i;11 l iit lýils. It il0 ll eM to thel
lure t i.rt, :a ':1 ! 'ly.
NEW OIILENS. J)U'INAtLIt3l.
AI Le~ i,'slat.1 Ive Report al a ('u|leriato
rial I rier.
H!owa New Or:h.an.: t!i'or Went for
tl.' ('Cha.ritl; t!o,.ital . .Fund, and
a love Ilt!er to tfie FIie.
The Nice .Jloillrals that ask for lhe
tSipl'ort of' HoIiest hent !
(, IlliT 'I.E 1 ),l (i ," I'tl .1 ' ANDI
('i l.1 IT\ ,if ,!. IuullT' l'l" 1'(Tties vt HLi;e
New Orleans, Feliruayii 1I, i l7(i.
To the Honorable Spleaker and T1eh -
beri of the lIu e i, lt'll ,lt , .es Itl tiVt ,:
Thile ('haliit Hosplital board I dt noti
coat lai of tih e isull), tcie vy of tcie
of the in: 1(1 m . ill w hiciilh Ilih sel 0 l )o
nliationlis hl re bIeI lº pIaid bt the l ullae
tllict'ii ls i ,il ii ali,:ed 1 ' t ei a 'lharity
Io p it. i l. The fl, isu ltl t i-t " that thei t
appropri ion li hi ting b nslI fi r l ithe
mtlt greater Iuii(t paid itn watraUnts
tion. n rot lfor :( lo g li t, alt , u11)ds0
(at all evin, to thle board), they ieret
Col ]; ,cnelc l to loln l ow 11 )('n y l , ill optll
inalltl let p e l thosl wlaltr lits a col
titeiral Iecurilt', o r sell thenl oultight
and sibliit to an ex.cessive discount
therefrom. The bo:ard comllplail,
also, of the detiit.s which have ccur
red, in the delivelt of tailrants by
the Auditor for crte ai apptrol ia
lieste They called the inartiuiscr at
tention of ' ollr con:,mn it te( to the de
ato which ocultr tl in the delivery to
them of waere ilntis ftihe Iapllrria
iii iexki iv , llestiauilg liiil Iln
tion made last C(;ar', aniounting to
i$(,stl0 . h The e n lai t"tu r \\li s Ie isi called
ieas Illlast ini IF'lltin i ir.ill, it t the w l'
i .rants wit'r iliheld l d' Allditor Clhi
Stll until t li lle i ctio ll of th h of l -
I her, a delay of about telnl umionths,
ºl upon what
fiYOUR C OMMITToEE ls i,:c. ' TO BE A
.E E I'ETrEXT',
vizo: That there was no money in the
T'reasl ry ; that the Auditor was in
vested wiomh a potter or ac discretion
to withhold tlhir issue until there
w11s mlonll, to 1ili(t lhuIh ll, and that
there were itijuinctions of' the .Superi
nor District Court, palish of Orle Is,
i ex isteni, o rteistraining him fromi
theii issule. The elief of ,our coi
mitte that theisibe \e ol mre pretexts,
I is based upon their geneial know)
edgito of the illnr wtkiigs of the
I Auditor's and Treas urr's oeets, or
cott inclu the inspectlion of the pre
tended intio, li rderic, l ilt upon the
fatou, proved to uis by inoconroveitible
testimony that Auditor li nton's ob
were iboid, iatelya oertcome, and
DI6l,AIIAiD AS IF BY MAGIC
the liimoment that a certain arrange
i ient or conltr act haold be lade by
the toard of Adnistratoi s e- ith his
bro, iher-i colltd before aw
MR, ISAAC N. STOUTE31Y.ER,
one of the ostensible prop'iedors and
editor of the
colaytracd still longer, cocluded tooe oros rdi
uction, icrsortei to noud tt is beeto
isuposed uol tho e bouid. To e fcopliesI
priat io oif else0 would bei. , o t to
temova byl of udito Ctitoue-'that is toj
say, if o ot collected before the Legis
tleir reitos wou hve to iiiube i te
LEAIyEd still ogeI, cTOliALded to CIItAIR
for amuch resorted to nowadays, that is ti
offer Mtt r. Stouteonter (is one who was
iuovdl of Audiiiiicii itor litu's objc
tionls) a thco oere i natio lenl olbe
enough to induce hiui to
for a brief space, t exercise his callated.hi
worongus cois of his course owith re
igard to i the apoid eiatiored for iith
bord that Mr. Stotoueei oi,
te succeed il covlieuccillg A itho iiln
ton that there weThis le hsal obsea
toles in the w ay of delivering thlose
Allditor, wlid lie aesut proved howit
oltutots eolitllioins of ilo he cot ract ,
into which bohe board e terd witht
(FOR iE UNETOOK TE JO~U)
as their of grt1e Igent rto pay hin for
the servie (if hle stuciceeded) f the snir
of laims6500 in cash, or thirteen per cate te
ospital f.50, lt0. The ifi e is beei paidt
hav to , teiik e in tlit cllction, of the
Aud paitort iich leavesIu the lllSliillt ,
out of thaLlt appi]; h S lll' olnlllli just 1,-13:
500 The boarid say that
teas two of th e larges t creditors grid,
Andito m 'ke a editioi falr thei r snt
clahlts vluliet atml te sate the
Yhoeer,.or com oitt e tliii tre cin het
a they arone piniot disosd to acceptrr
Sble transactiou. Although not ein
tirely satisfiecd that the hioard had
POWER TO RIANSOM
the applllropriatiou out of Atulitor
Clintoin's lhauilis at this heavy t cut, or
iat ny 1 t'ost, Ihcv are unwilling to clt.
sire themi under the citinstllllatlrcs,
fohr it sieisl to lie :i case of dlotess.
They had eit her to agree hto the
I elis Mr. Stºltltlllii c' ilil posed llupon
Ilit it, or lose the ail optlliiii;ltion. Rtit
yunllr clilniuitte cannollt sulli'r Auditior
Clinltot and Mr. StoutteLnyer to es
Caplie fit ( htilhe
PI'" tLIC COiNDIEMNATION
which is suile to bie hrioiitouliced upon
thlc Letii lt' Ihe facts are kinowli.
1re is .1i1 1 'xc ti i ye oltieetr ol tile
t te, with or without disetetionaiy
powei' sil to act, Indrtalkillg to frus
Iritte, its it e ', thel \\i Ill of the Leg
islahitite bv ;otesting the hlow of its
bountyl towiitl the
'(i0, SICK ANI MIYING 31EN A 1)
WOIItEN
who la ngui-h ill the wards of the
C'hliii :y lloslital. Aind this, your
coililtiti le lte Slatisfied, was done by
Mir. Clintion f,,r i gicodl or hotiest
iitlmset'. As lii Mlrr. Stoutietiyer, i e
coliit dtiscovetr whliat silt vices lie rten
dclcl to the hlospiti l, or its creditors,
S\\ich justilied lii n in ex;ceting from
thmul it fe or comllllllensatiot of that
itiaglIitudh. Ie, cool' ittIcil no trou
blhsorilt, idillicult land leiugthy litiga
tiol.
A('CC'o)lRIING TO 1118 OWN TESTIMONY
given ini our presence,, there existed
nio legal obstacle to the delivery of
the wairantiis by the Auditor. I1e
drew no pleadings. norig i did be tip
pear iti cuiit. H1is lahirs were con
tinedI to priivate, personat l slicita
tions of the Auditor, of Jtldge Hawk
ins ianid of the litigiants, piUt ties who
it was pteteuded by Aiuditor Clinton
clontrolled an ilinjunctiou w\hich it
llthascd himat to coilisitIle as prohibit
ing hii froim, delivetiing the iwarrants
to the ad lmii ist lators of the hospital.
Yomur collmmittee are utlltle to Illike
a dislilnctioln between Anldit-it Clinton
iandl Mr. Stoultenlyer its to tlis trnus
action. We feel certain that iany
pliactitioiier of staidingli at the
lIAR OF NEW ORLEANS
would have cotr:silcrcd himself amply
collipensated for the artlottit of work
done by Mr. itiuteouyer in this case
by it fee of $11000. We think there
ate geilthilite of tile Louisiana bar
\\ho would have felt theluiselves
I)ISHIONE1IED
by touching a single dollar of the
Charity Hospital funds, but, on the
contrary, would have taken pleasure
iu set ving, without fee or reward, the
huospital in a case such as that we
have commenitited upon.
Al. SIIIILSIiI, Chairtman (Dem.)
J. A. BLAFFEh, (DenU.)
MI. McAId'INE, (Demn.)
Y. VIDRINE, (Dent.)
CIIHAILES KI1MMEL, (Dem.)
A. B. LEVISEE, (Rep.)
F. M. GRANT, (IRep.)
The Love Letter.
Page 170] State of Louisiana,
Executive Office,
New Orleans, July 28, 15873.
A. M. lHolbrook, Esq., Milton, Vt.:
Mr DEAR Sir--From information,
which I believe reliable, I am led to
believe that your old paper can be
purchased at a pretty low tigure. I
think the pitper is dragging heavily
uDOW.
I, in cormoti witlh many of your
old frictuds, sholid like to gee you
ouce more at tile head of it, illad I
auggest tlhat you keep yourself close
ly informted as to its conditiou.-
I Slhould you again take it, 1 sriall be
.glad tot aitd 3your enterlprise in any
way in uiy piower, not thait 1 sualpose
you will suipliiort liy admlinistration,
(except als tfr as ,ounl sense of publie
justice inllpels you,) but because I
know 3t11 will publish a conserva
tive jourllal whliclh \w ill hellp to build
utp tile .1U'osIcrity of the State, and
will rot pursue the course of some
other jouruinls in repclrcrutitig every
thing anl cveriybodly in the irost
glooriy alllld exalggerated colo's, so as
to kee ll awaty cltpiittll alrid crlterprlises
f'roil thie State. Very truly . yours,
-J. 0. W. P KELLOGG.
--N, O. D1tincrat.]
Out a Long Time.
(Shrewtebort Times.)
It will he rmmrrnllreQd tlhast P'inclhback
wa nevi .rIlc to get his scu.t not be
cause 1lep'l!lin!i setuato'rs had a:u' slcru
ples of coIscience, limit heca:lse they aIp
ilrhehnded that the colored senator \would
t'ake Mrs. Pinch to W\ashiugton and the
wives of otlher senators woultt be brought
in social contact with that lady.
There beiing then, virtually a vacancy
Mr. Eustis was electIet Iby what is kflown
as the \VIheeler CompIroSnise leghislation
for the full tmror begitniug ,larch 4, 1673
and ending March 4, 1870.
Love his Vote; Not Iimn.
(Shreveport Times.)
As another of the many evidences of
how the professed negro lovers really
feel toward that race we cite the fact
that ino colored military companies tire
allowed in ()hio. The Courier-Journal
states two such organizations in Cleve
land were recently disbanded by the ait
jutant genlerll, in obedlieijce to the law of
the State-passed by liepalielIan, be it
re~meumlered which says that only
'white male citize ls'' can put on military
togem.. So mtuch for the negro lovers.
Wants a $700 Seat.
(Washinlgton Enterprise.)
It looks bad for people to complain of
their lot on this moral universe, but solm,
tilncs they have a right to complain. -
Now for instance~ , we saw parties Si~lday
who returned friom the Catholic church
and complilained that they toulbt not get
a seat. There are only two or three ben
ches for strangers and when they are
tilled those who comtie last either have to
stand up or leave. What becamIe of that
seven hundred dollars that was taken in
at the fair I we thagight that was foir the
benefit of the church, if it was, then use
it for that purpose. and perimaps ' a great
1many lmore will attentd who they know