The many frienids of Col. 1. E. M
Burke, will be pleased to know of
his rapid recovery of good health.
Tilden and Hendricks, cry the
Union. Nichols and Wiltz, echoes
Louisiana.
...  ----- -At the
When Matilda Fletcher says Deliver
that she is coling out "flat-foot- E
ed" for Hayes, she covers a good
deal of ground in a very few CONTI
words. very It
Our friend Col. D. Pierson, has with g
gone to Canada on a lite invigora- gled
ting tour. We hope that he will lery, O
return to us restored in mind and inPle
body. ordt
. . ---- Dpl-i
Gen. Sheridan seems a good tion.
deal more anxious to have a moun- Willis
ment erected for Custer than he is atteot
to merit one for himself. Apri
Mr. Wheeler's letter of accep- gF
tance is a severe reproof to the the
men who nominated him, and -
seems to be honest, as far as it
Grant is down on the Packard
ticket. That is bad, as he was
the only support counted on asha
certain for it. If Grant kicks
thus early, that Returning Board Ilhi
will be in a "close box" this year. Cn a
----"" - . the d:
The steamer Lotus NTo. 3 is a wi:
gem. Capt. Daniels, her comn- on th
mander, is all that is required, satiri
and Clerk Dood, is too well and start
favorably known to need comment. the p
Our undivided thanks to you, hitti
gentlemen, for kind treatment. the
May you live long and prosper. it a
befoi
The Vindicator returns thanks and 1
for kind courtesys extended du- ileal
ring our trip to and from the wres
Convention ; and what is better, Lgt
the large number of new subscri- PA
bars that were handed us. to ft
We have now a large list in all wal
parts of the State, and will not Stu
fail to keep the Vindicator up to I
the mark as the People's Champi- will
on. seri
Every Democrat and Conserva- Stia
tive in the State should feel en- wil
thusiastic from this moment for- par
ward. Every parish in the State tak
`ill do their full duty, and the Wig
thought of failure will not be en- tidi
tertained for a moment by the I
true patriot. Iet every parish CO
perfect their already large organi
rations, and march on, shoulder to
shaboulder, to that certain victory
that awaits us.
S- . ....  :----
lion. J. B. Elam, of DeSoto,
was nominated to sucnceed Col, sul
Wm. M. Levy in Congress, from cJ
'this District.
Although we would have much
preferred our own parish fellow- -
citizen, who lat done so well, yet
we bow with respect to the will of
the majority, and will give the j
nominee onr cordial and enthnsi
astic aupport. Old Natchitoches T
pledges a thousand mtnjority for
Elam and the State ticket.
A man recently died in Zurich, who P
. for thirty rears nmade a relqprkably
hig fool of himself. When ynng lhe
1oel io love, and then became jealous.
While in this conditiou he offieaded i
his inWeetheart, wino, to punishd him,
mandehim swear that he would not
. spe~k for twelve monthsl. He swore; T
Sbut s;he died before the twelve miunthls
*lased, and the lover concluded to d
.,~jaian dumb upti! he joined her in a
the anst world. He kept iis word, T
and for thirty years was never heard tl
to speak exept when he sepped on a '
.ban.ag-jeeling. I
Wllatdo you thilik of an unbroken
-, furow ai miles long I That's what
you earn ee any day by going toLElm t
-River, where Mesrs. Datrymple and t
Grandlim are breakling prairie, ThIe jl
Iee~!9 statt inthe morning and make
one rouond aoroos n entire township
a . b. aqck (twelve milesy before din
S r and thie'selirne in tile afternoon
"we at'·u ila' tImvelt -.r each I
tas every day. All for wheat next
year.-Parg (Cal.) Times.
"Igaes dad w~ilrahs we'd all die
"sd : gP p to heaven,' mid a miser's
14 II ( maternal pIrent, "Why j
s maie4 Sp op reoover isg from I
her asiahme at. 40h, u'case hear
ledwselachesp place to live in."
. Ia, y~es Aildren 9" demanded
a b.nus router. "Yes" seplied ate
to attaa- -all in Cne act*
i*liter thee1 tdaiher tea,"h
::- . con.ds r t :dd
th.d~atWd l Adam-e
teither dt' ba.e
;)- heira oB~r wker thLt~
t ~~~~ ·-~~"'"Ej" ·6i
MARTIN & MI , superb me:
---- son getting
-STEA M- Addr
SAW MILTL, CHA
Six miles south of the city of Natchitoches
$- Spe
PRICE: for.
At the mill, per M. ...... $5.00 to $10.00
Delivered in town, per M.,........... 14.00
THE BE
WTE TAKE pleasure in informing the
public that wear " prepared to take
CONTRACTS to build cabins, furnishing
therefor, lumber, material and labor, at
very low rates. Beau
. BOX COTTAGE,
with gallery, 14x18 feet, complete, shin. The SCII
gled roof, put up for $125.00 its 30th ye
BOX COTTAOE, 12x15 feet, with gal- tion of any
lery, complete put up for $100. in the wor
Planters anti others will find it to their January 4
interest to give us a call. Its cont4
Orders left at this office or with Louis interestinu
Dupleix, will meet with prompt atten- Industrial
tion. gress of t
 Orders left with Mr. E. mrnith, at Beautiful
Willis Holmes' will meet with prompt New Proct
attention. ds4. of all kind
MARTIN & SMITH. gestions ai
April 10- ly. tor Worki
i Get your printing done at cheapest a
the VINDICATO3 Job Offi. pee.r publi
firom 10 to
mnchiner!
WILD OATS. ENG
pertainin,
-- neering,
PROSPECTUS FOR 1876. Records o
-ailways,
Sf'Chamapib American Comic Paper rici,
Inventors
Illustrated by a corps of the best Ameri- ers of Sci4
r. cn artists, and contributed to by the yers, and
most popular humorists and satirists of tind the I
the day. " them. It
Wild Oats now enters successfully up- Family, I
on the sixth year of its existence, and lug Roo
has become the established humorous and College, j
d, satirical paper of the country. It was A year'
d started and continued the first year as a PEVERAL
monthly, then, to satisfy the demand of sands of
it. the pnublic, it was changed to a fortnight- ing and c
ly. Still continuing its good work of are well
7 hitting folly as it flies, and showing up price. I
It. the political and social shams by its eluding
masterly cartoons and pnugent editorials, cimens as
it achieved even greater success than Dealers.
before, and was recognized as the ablest PAT
and brightest of itsclass. Since then we
have yelded still further to the public AMERICA
,U- demand, and now publish Wild Oats Solictors
be weekly! It has literally grown into its and havy
present shape on its intrinsic merits, be- world
r, mng the first successful weekly humorous tions ha,
paper ever published in this country. their agi
Among the artists especially engaged Patent
to furnis'l illustrations for Wild Oats are bIodels (
Frank Bellow, Thomas Worth Hopkins, examine
all Wales, Shelton, Wolf, Jump, Keettels, notice is
lot Stuckhardt, Day, Poland, and several of all Ir
others who are yet known to fame. Agency,
In its literary departments Wild Oats tie Pati
pi. will, as it always has, stand alone and part or
unapproachable. At least one first-class inventii
serial story will always be found in its Panmhil
pages, by the best humorous, satirical, rections
and character writers in the United A dre
States; while its sketches and squibs Patents
e- will be sparkling, original, and pointed. N. Y.
Wild Oats will be first-class in every Washio
particular, and on this account may be Jany
ate taken into the best families without fear
or suspicion, as no word or illustration
will appear that cau offend the most fas
en- tidious.
the I' Sind for a Sample Coppl and AGI
1sh Convince Yourselves.
n SUBSCRIPTION PRICE: AW
to one Year .................... $4 00
ory Six Months..................... 2 00 ch
Three Months............... 1 00 The
Single Copies................... 10 couoli
to, Any person sending us a club of five FaIrme
ol, subscribers for one year will receive a lur F
copy gratis. South'
Aom ddress, Itsd
COLLINS & SMALL. edited
ich Publishers, 113 Fulton Street, N. Y. and h
low- of tht
EVERY LADY SHOULD TAKE IT. throni
yet tereste
11 of utility
the lPETEISO 'S IMAG iZ I Ell E.i h
81- All eli
--- the Jo
hes TIlE CIIEAPEST AND BEST IN aud n
THE WORLD.
are co
the pi
wo Postage Pre-Paid on all SsbscripltioL. alone
ons. This popular Monthly Magazine gives
aded more for the money than any in the
him, world. For 1816, it will be greatly im- Me
not ved. It will contain One Thousand
aro e . Fourteen Splendid Steel Plates, and y
Twe elve Colored Berlin Patterns, Twelve ture
Mammuoth Colored Fashions, Nine Hun- an s
ed to dred Wood Cuts, Twenty-Four Pages of vnsI
erin Music. All this will be given for only Ne
Iad, Two Dollare a year postage prepaid by N
eard the publishelr, ora ollar less than Mag- an a
on a acines of the class ,,f "Peterson." Its andm
TIRILILING TALES AND NOV. in the
Cli.
skene ELJ TIES term
what 4re the best published anywhere. All in ev
Elm the moseet poular writers are employed Sei
and to write originally "Petetrson." In 187I5, sk
Th ien addition to the usual qnantity of short rien.
akstories. Five Original Copyright Novel- cime
etts will be given, by M.: Ann 8S Ste
nahip phens, Frank Lee Benedict, Jane G. Aue. clu
in- tin Marietta Holley and Daisy Ventnor. 15 c
on- as iv
ac MAMYMOTHIL COLORED FASHION
next PLATES
Ahead of all others. These plates are
l den B rved on steel. Twice the usual sTse,
and are ueqlualed for beauty. They
mir's will be superbly colored. Also Hoeuse
Why hold and other receipts; in short, every
from thing interesting to ladie,
8UPERB PREMIUM ENGRAVING!
dthe To ever peman getting tup either of
the following clubs for 1875 will be sent
, grati, a copy of ouear new and splendid
Nr mesmotint for frmingmn (sIze 21 inehes by
,add tM, '*Washingtoa's kirst interview with
lease. His Wife? Thtis isa FiveDollar Eun;ra
armed ving, and the most desirable premnum
Shad over oered. or large elabs, as will be
hat tseen below, an extra copy of Maszsine *1
will be sot ia additom,
r that TERMS (Always iun Advanee) *O.00,
Adam a TYEA. do
back- de
mId to PoutagePrqurd by Me PsuisAer. p)
b S Coples for............. $ 3 0
8 " "................ 4.00
4' '"' "** *......". .' - -- "n S
- p. .............. 18 000 B
rn.&wriuu C:bi*Iba
superb mezzotint. "Washingtos's First
interview With His Wife," to the per
son getting up the Club.
Addrees, post-paid.
CHARLES J. PETERSON,
306 Chesnut street, Pa.
jW Specimena soat gratis if written
for.
THE BEST PAPER. TRY IT.
POSTAGE FREE.
Beautifully llustrated. Andc
whate
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN now in than
its 30th year, enjoys the widest circunla
tion of any weekly newspaper of the kind
in the world. A new volume commences
r January 4, 1875.
Its contents embrace the latest and most
a interesting information pertaining to the
SIndustrial, Mechanical, and Scientific Pro. We
gress of the World; D..scriptions, with and N
it Beautiful Engravings, of New hIventions, shows
it New Processes, and improved Industries ternal
I. of all kinds; Usetli Notes, Recipes, Sug
gestions and Advice, by Practical Writers,
for Workmien and Employers in all the Hel
various arts.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN is the F
cheapest and best illustrated weekly pa
per published. Every number contains
Sroml 10 to 15 original engravings of new
machinery and novel inventions.
ENGIRAVI GS, illustrating Improve
ments, Discoveries, and uImportant Works,
pertaining to Civil and Mechlanica Engi
neerlng, Billing, Mining and Metallurgy;
Records of the latest lIrogress in the Ap
plications of 8tear, Steam Engineering,
Railways, Ship Building, Navigation.
Telegraphy, Telegraph Engineering, Elec
tricity, Magnetism, Light and Heat.
FARtMERS, Mechanics, Engineers,
Inventors, Manufacturers. Chenmists, Lov
ri- ers of Science, Teachers, Clergymen, Law
lie yers, and People of all Professions, will
of tind the SciE.TIvIC AMERICAN useful to
them. It should have a place in every
iP Family, Library, Stumy, ofce, and Count
nd ing Room; in ever? Reawing Room,
nd College, Academy or ehool. This
as A year's numbers contain 832 pages and ca
a SEVERAL IHUNDItED ENGRAVINGS Thou
of sands of volumes are perserved for bind
it- ing and reference. The practical receipts
of are well worth ten times the subscription
up price. Terms $3 20 a year by mail, in
its eluding postage. Discount to Clubs Spe
l s, cimens sent free. May be had of all News
an Dealers.
st wPATENTS In coinection with
we Ai fie tlhe cru IFIC
lic AMERICAN, Messrs. M'x & Co. are
ate Solictors of American and Foreign Patents,
its and have the largest estblishient in the SOI
be- world More than lifty thousand applieaa
us tions have been made for patents through
their agency.
ged Patents are obtained oh the best terms exce
are Models of New inventions and sketches saw
ins, examined and advice free. A special Seve
als, notice is made in the Scientific American the
ral of all Inventions Patented through this effee
Agency, with the name and resident of ceiv
lts the Patentee. Patents are often sold in heal
ad part or whole, to persons attracted to the its a
invention by such notice. Send for Disc
aits Pamphlet, 110 pages, laws and full di
Srections for obtaining Patents.
ited 'dresa for the Paper, or concerning
aibs Patents, MuNN & Co., 37 Park Row
td. N.Y. Brach Office, cor. F aul 7th 8ts.
Pery Washinton, D C.
bae Jany 11875.-ly gre
tioe or (
fas- JOURNAL OF tion
Rig
AG ULT AGRICULTUR AND FARMER. ior
A Weekly for Farm, Or
14 00 ha
a chard and Family Circle. dr
100 km
The Weekly Journal and Farmer is a
10 consolidation of the nmonthly Journal of
Agriculture and the Weekly Missouri
Farmer, is now the greatest leading popu
ve a lar Farm and Fireside paper of the
Southwest.
Its departments are complete and ably
edited. The Grange is a leading feature, 1
y and this departmenut is always filal of is
good things contributed by tire melnbers l'
- of the Order. The i:ulies are heard ui
. through the columns devoted to their in- ce
terests, and mnany hints of household sol
atility and good advice can be gleaned an
P by those who wish to become ornaments ye
SD in their homes and by their firesides.
All classes will be instructed by reading hi
the Journal of Agriculture and Farmer, are
IN and no family should be without it. Its yo
MARKET REPORTS ha
are complete, authentic and reliable, and
the paper is worth the smibseription lprice c
ioaI. alone to get its markets, fresh and relia- of
ble every week. fir
Send for it! Read it ! Take its ad br
n the vice, and it will paygyou. hc
y imi Men and women, boys and girls, old c
sate and young, give the Jonrnal of Agricul
'elve ture and lEarmer a trial for one year, ft
Hun- and see if you have not made a good in
f vestment. It is a large 8 page, 48 columnn
s weekly Agrinltural, Grange and Faumi
ly Newspaper, and is free from political
and religi ous discussions, and its chaste
t and wel written pages makes it a wel
come visitor in thousands of households
NOY- in the great Mississippi Valley.
Club agents wanted, to whom liberal
terms will be given. We want agents
SAll in every town and village. he
led Send for spwecimen copy free, and we gl
7ask that you send us the names of 'yourat
fshor fiends, so ,hat we may send them spe
Novel- cimen copies. II
8 8te Subscription pricee, 92.00 per annum; a
iAus- clubs of 5 or more, 81.50 *.aci. Postage, r
,tnor. 15 oeents must be sent with each name, m
as we prepay every paper sent out. o
ION Address ' .t
CHEW, CORDgLL & CO., a
ea are u10 Northl 8ith Street,
al sTe,
They St. Louis, Mo.
every- t
WHITEWATERWAGOOIA
ither of
eh sent
pleindid
shea by o
w with
will be
masine 03 FAin PRUTATION AND FREIGL.
AL80 , ISO t IAD DMOCIAT WAAOUIS.
Where we have no Agents
we will sell direct to parties
deStriny thern. Price' and
dlesr. Ipetl~ iad o the niaished onap-:
) 3 I0 ~osts atri.le.nowe thanordt'v
4 00; cheapest the long har.
to oB SEMPLE, BlRGE&CO.
'4 . 1858UTH MIINOT., 8t. LOUI8.
i8 00 P iariet wvith)g Us !ll
wita a Pet yrad oitw Ryrt se*
~4flwheI.e it L ue
54!~~?; I4UL
WE WANT ANAGENT IN
EVERY COUNTY
--IN THI-=
UNITED STATES I
ºvet" 1
---AO- '- tlollK
Gold Coin! $1,000.00 in Gold! .a
fill all
SWe Challenge the World, orl
And will wrfeit $1,000 to any perims whn can produce a remedy which will prove Ji.
by actual test, a ziore speedy, ctrtali and effectual care for all rains adl Aches of
whatever fotr, exterD anud internal, acute or chronic, deep-seated or otherwise
th Dr. Radoli s Great Remedy,
Seven Seals or Golden WONDER h
We have had this challenge of $1,000 prominently displayed in all our Circulars TIh
and Newspaper Advertisements, for the last four years, and not taken, which of in
shows the seuperior excellenceI @ our lRemedy over all other. For Exterunal or In- sket hi
I ternal use. Cop
It will Effect a Speedy Cure in all Cases of
Headache, Neuralgia, Toothache, Sprains, Bruises.
Flesh Wounds, Burns, Colic, Cramp, Cholera
M orbus, Flux, Diarrhea, Bronchitis, Catarrh,
coughs, colds, Inflammatory Rheuma- The
tism, Asthma, Phthisic, Heartburn, TH
Indigestion, Summer complaint, Dail
Pains in Side, Back or Loins,Ys
SPiles, Ringworm, Felons,
Stings of Insects, Bites of free
Venomous Serpents, only
and Especially Ru
Smatism.
t A POWERFUL REMEDY Which is taLken Internally by ANY ONE.
This celebrated medicine is beyond a doubt the greatest discovery in Medi- H
d cal Science known to the woild. Its action is at once felt; its wolnder
ful cures are instantaneons; in fact it literally demolishes pain,
EQUALLY GOOD FOR MAN OR BEAST,
--t-- -- --t
e- MEMBER WE GUARANTEE EVERY BOTTLE. h
No Cure, No Pay I ad
Try it, and be Convinced.
lre MLIN iLa''ii U AIY Ano
ts, --oo 1
e SOURCE OF HAPPINESS TO MILLIONS OF SUFFERING HUMANITY;.A
~4wit
Dtriung the past fttr years the wonderful success of this Great Remedy has far cia
s exceeded our most sanguine expectations ; thousahds have been cured, and thou- col
es sands have found out from actual explerience that Dr. Radelif's Great Reamedy, '
ial Seven Seals or Golden Wonder, is the Most Wonderful Pain Destroyer in Existence, rei
an the Most Expedious, Safe and powerfiul Remedy known in the World. Cures are +r'
tis effected almoust Instantly, as if by Ma .ic. Thousauds of certificates have been re
of ceived from all parts of our broad land, unsolicited and unasked for. speaking in of
in heartfelt and universal praise of this Great Renlely. from personal knowledge of iol
he its almost miraculous powers in curing the most obstinato and prottacted cases ,of rc
or Diseases. wi
di- - 0---O
$1,000 Profit in Four Months ! 1,872 One Dollar Bottles Siold.! Mi
w READ THIS al
Scott Towhi, Lawrence County,, Ohio.
Messrs. KENNEDY & CO.-Dear Sirs: At this late hour I will inform you of the rir
great benefit I received from the use of Dr. Radcliits Great Remedy, Seven Seals e
- or Golden Wonder, after being confined to my bed for eight years with a coiiplica
tion of diseases,lviz: Dyspepsia. Bronchitis, l'alpitation of the Heart, Pain in the li
Right Side, with General Debility, for which I tried the skill of our home lphysi- ih
claus, also a doctor of Now York City, and two of PJttslurgl, anu one in the ti "
anrthern partof Ohio. Took enough patent ,,ileinanc to swim ina-all to p ir
1ose. At length I was induced to try Dr. Rhulcliflts Seven St:als or Golden Wonlder.
Isent and got six fifth cent bottles, and before using it all found myself able to
travel in a h.,..y. '"ook the ageucy fior its sale last April, four months ago, atl
have sold thi'ten gro S, or 1,872 bottles, up to this slate, A .gust 20tih, 1872, asAt
expect froii the growing deaniad to, sell ten thoiseuind (10,t)r3) bottles in the IncxliI
year. Gentlemen, if you think this worth tuinr|tg you cat do so, as 1 an geuer|ll| ii:
known over thltc oun pallties as a ntaut of g t.r tJDRIictioG.
Yours pepcetfully, .
in A REMEDY FO HARD TIMIES. TRY IT.
the FOR TIllS GREAT REMIEDY WE WISH YOU TO ACT AS OUR AGENT. fr
Dear it; -T ie above firllg c:xp~in articles we wish to sell. Tills lnihiess
ofis hoonorble, amrl br v riben e~he~rgtic, will pa" wms well. It in our desire to ap'- I
,rs point an agent ln every county in amll parts of the United stales and Canada. grant
uard ni to eachi the exclusive right to sell every bottle s,,ld in1 the eoanutY, gh1onld you
ha- accept the agency fol' one or more counIties, you shall hIave the exclusive righL tt
aold sell every bottle sold in your connty. as long as yot continulte to act as oer agesir, t4
ned anti all orders which wve nasy receive froma your territor'y sall be trnd over tu
-uts your accoltnt
des. This Wonlerfil Remnledy, 8even Se als or Gdden Wo,1der, sells rapidly in the.
hlainlds of the right kini of ao n, anti wve want none other. Now if you think yon
aer, are the man for thev work, forward your order, u:nae your county, and go to w:ork; i
Iys you can sell a gross in a f~w slays, without adslonltt. W\e haveone ean who buyss r
on an aver:,ge three gross per week, and his onlerf are iuareasing r;,pidly, sian he a
has a small county, (Berks Co., Pa.) He writes thatho expects to sell one groes II
Ier duay, at retail, the coming season, not counting wvhslesado. You have the priv
,oie e of selliag wholesale or retail, or putting it on eoulmission with druggists, o0 c
ofin by sub-agents. This blusiliess is worth the attention of good meni and naen
ofcapital Should you make but reasonable wages - say $10) per nonth for the
"first three months (manrly make nore)--you would novertholcss be establishing a
ad business that would pay you largely in %he end.
Agenits are doing better with oar Remedy than anytling else they ever took
holhiof. Why is this! Because the Remlued does jJut as we say, and our agents
can warraiat every bottle. No cure, no p'y. K "uoing that we make all '"sse·
gold , ihould they be called oia to redeem a bottle, agents run no risk of loss.
8even Seals or Golden Wonder is pitt up in $L,0't and 50 cenat bottles, eelg.utly
reah, finished in neat anid apropriate wrappers, and packed iii nice boxes, onie doaeni in
Ii-each biox.
aiin To druggists our male of prices are--Large size, $1,00 bottles, per dozen, $8.,8t
sumi small size. 50 enut bottles, per dozen, $4.50.
We give special teams to our Counlity Aentus t such figures that they ccii sell
wel-to dr ggivtend country stores at the atove price and iiake a hanlsome profit.
WVe also give an
iokld Extra Premium to Agents !
Cents In order to have live, energetic men to take hold of the busineus at once, w,
have concluded to give free graitis to each and every agent a present of a handsome,
dwe iue
your Coin Silver Hl iting Watch, Ftee)
Beautifully engraved, and correct tiuue-keeper, Wolrth $20,00, and a certificate of
mm; agencyV giving SOLE CONTROL of such. county as the agent may select tiot al
tage, ready taken); and, furthermore, all ortlers coining frona sech counties as the agent
sine, may select, will be sent babk by us to the agent to be fllled-afin fact we give sole
control of such counties as long as the agent eontiulies in the bnsines. Remenmber,
the Premium Watch is given gratis to the agents. We take this plan to have our
Great Remedy quickly and thoroughly introdeene. Let us hear fron .you .at you.
earliest conveniiencme, and secure your coummty at once, before being taken by some
one else. Reinember, this offer is open for a short time only
M(o. A kmaU (tapitE Reqaired to Rwa a large Pagiag Bttineess.
-The capital required is very small, and the profits from it will fully equal that of
thousatds of merchants who have invested a large capita in their bnsiuess. Hum.
dreds in all parts of the eonntry are making from $1 500 TO $5,000 A YFAR
LAnd hundreds more will date their success from accepting our liberal offer at this
time. Aiiy one willing to work for snueceus can force it, but those who believe tlho
it can be lhd from -idleness ate ltot the kind of men we want to push our business.
We want
A LIVE, ENERGETIC AGENT.
As one such is worth a dozen who expect a business to push itself. 'We have spent
iu .hing our business ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS.
t has paid us todo it. and it pays our ageuts, as it advertises it thouroglhly inf
every fltate1 County iad Township ini the Uuited States--not only tbr us, but fai
the Agent Remember, this is a life business and that every year it grows largei
anti larger.
We will send to parties conteniplating to act as our Agents a 8SAMPLE DOZESr
IN. BOTTLE'saeerel packed With our difterent Posters, Bills, Show Cards, Terms, sec..
UPON TUE IRECE PT OF 8)50. And all seuduiug $k50 for Sample Dozen, we
Will send free of charge. Samiples of our Eight Elegant '.hromos, .ntitled:
rnts GOod Morsimg I G0od PIMSIE! ed'isij the Ckicheu Mother'. Graze! Ou
ties of the PFlig PES IB@ Peep! Betdif the Bible I First Leeo !
a If you .want your eonty, let us kkiow a soon as convenient, as the territory ima3
Bp be taken. We would be pleased to have partits who contemplate takiing an ages.
ecy, to snt d (or Sanple Package of this wonderful -Iemedy before engaging larg ,I'h
di.at the business..
the * REMEMBER, WE GUARANTEE EVERY BOTTLE.
NO OURR4 N .O PAYI
~O. With theesuggestions we leave the matter with you. We do not wish you t0
engage unless you will tollow the business as a business, and really desire to utak
mOney. We want nonee but homest, c.lnsieumios umen." To such we will guiarate-.
.w!l1 en.e.. Addruis allcommunications to
ram K E a CO.,
: · Pittburg Pa
~~ P1~, IS.$MNR~ wht pero t~ aw ti adveliean
ait 1·:~·r;~· · .·.
VICK' 1
FLORAL GUIDE TH
It i
'Wor 1878. their
Iti
m'easl
P UBLIAHED QUARTERLY. JAN'UA- It
Sry Nlumer just issued, and contains urs
over 1i00 Pages, 500 Engraving, desb'lp- Ites
tions of inure thalin 500 of our best foaw- XIts
era and ILgetablet, with directions for cil- il t
ture. Cohlored Plate, etc. The most is ove
iful and chigalnt work of the kind in the in ll
world. iOnly 25 cents liar the year. Pub- derst
lished in English and German. ers t1
Address, JAMES VICK, gene.
J.ia. Id-ly. Rochester, N. Y. Its
news
ALL PAPERS QUOTE FROM1 IT 1! eird ;
corret
THE Its
Detroit Free Press. '
persi!
The liveliest of family newspapers. full calme
of int-resting nlews, literature, humorous teirel
sketches, spicy para.raph, etc. Samiple l,O
Copies free. Subscription $2 00 a year, more
post-paid. Address than
DETROIT FREE PRESS. ed lit
Detroit. Mich. the I
able
edge
NEW YORK TRIBUNE ! '.It
The Leading Anmeican Newspaper. relia
Sltor
TilE BEST ADVERLTISING MEDIIUM. menl
Daily, $10.00 a year; Semni-Weekly, 1 It
$3.00; Weekly, $2.00 Cle a
POSTAGE FREE TO THE SUBlSCI- lchal
IEl, steelt
Specimen copies and advertising rates meli
free. Weekly, in clubs of :ti of mlore,
only $1.00, postage paid. Address Ir
'HE TRIBUNE, and
New York. exeC
T_
ever
ARTIIUR'S ILLUSTRATED s"r'
HOME MAGAZINE
FOIR 1876.
Bright, cheerfld, proglreSive, always up
to the advancinlg thought of the timesl
'The Ilomne Magazimne takes rank with the
leadiilg all l Ilmost iilluential periodivals
of the damy. It is on thle side of temper- RA
anice and true christian morality. What
ever i hurItitil it colmlemnus without
. fear or favor, ndmnl makes itself felt ill time 'a
homes of the peolie as a power for good. t.
ThL Great Ilousehold Magazinie of
*L Anmerica, is nmore thoroughly identilied .
with the people in their holue and so
ar cial life than any other periodical ii the K
u- country' he
y, lDehorlMrah Norman; her work and her
c, reward." A new serial story by T. S.
re %rthur will he conlmenced in January.
"- "FIFTY YEARS AGO; or the cabins u
in of the West," by Rosello Rice. We an- u
of nonuce this new series of articles with
of real pleasure. knowing as we do that it
will be almon the most attractive that R
we shall offer our readers next year. H
Miss Rice, besides holding the penl of a
ready writer has in her possession a large I
amount of originlal material from which pt
to draw, alld a wide acquaintance with
people whose personal remiuiscelnce are
is rich with pioneer incidents and experi
SelieS.
"Homes for the People," a series of ad
m' lirably suggestive articles on homes and: t
Show to lmake thent pleasaut iand attrac
he tive, by Mrs E. B. Dutdley.
'r "The Story Teller." This department
er. 'will be nunsnally rich. Besides all
toiti abundance of short stories, two or three
' serimllns will hIe Fiveil dolilng the year.
'i "pipsissw' a y' Potts te ilnilmitable de
:t Imaetor of honme life aund character, will
11have ai rtile in every r uainmber.
Blutterick's iewebit plttcrnls for ladies'
.uild clhildrens' dresses are givein by sue
ci;il ;lrrnlgenlei't eVery month.
Tilhe Motllhers' l)epartmelt will le care
fully edited andll hlive sulggestive articles
iroi oulr best aImd most experienced wri
iOrs.
es The IIousekeepel'r s' " e prtmant will be
l full , d practical, and contain many con
m tributiolns from experientled housekeep
The "r Lion iln Love' anid "'tle lterup- a
t ted Reader," two large amid splendid pre
FtO imium eggrav;ugs. Olne of these is sent I
mree to every subscriber.
he $2 50 a year is the price of ARTHUR'S
Ion ILUSTRATED HOME MAGAZINE.
rk; [m elnbs; : copies for $6; 6 amd one ex
iys tra to the getter up of the club $12. 10
he and one extra $20. EgiP 15 cents must
osb he added to each stLbseription fir pre
iv- payment of postage for the year. Spe
01 cimen niumbers 15 cenlte, iq currenecy or
pen postage stamps.
the T. 8. ARTHUR & SON,
ga Philadelphia, Pa.
Irt WILLIAMS' MOWER&£REAPER
t al- SEMPrL, BIRGE & CO.,
g 13 en ot Manst ee, 8t. Louis
Iaber, algle e in ballt iP1rn eseli
so m EVERY FARMER HIS OWN MILLER
CHALLENGE FEED MILL8S
as
aCombined
Hum HELLIRJ ANO RINDEl
thli oit d us ui.d a
ent Onage Coin and Cob Mills
y ii SEXPLE, BIRGE & CO,
Ut f ti Mas. ,hetw mAat abai uhp a Ug a s e
largem bcleasts U~to U
18 t aii es., il. Leam
UWOTHE DUBOIS PATENT
OU CoTTONo oGrN.
n mt t Tme lteiaLi Puminm as the tete lai at
Hmso., Aesi~Jaki5U, Mih.,aelaelmu Als
tauls ause elm tbl4 pl. ir s ,ahIMt
iaper sUpeast.
i.a.ePassU aIml L*.,
.ig UanU&.. aU. IWm
'WH'Y -OU iOkICLT. TtAI
THE CINCINNATI ENquaI
It, is the Peopl's i aper, devy
their interests and welfare it
It is an importial friiend * all .
measures that benetit the oautry.
It is the erenemy of all men and.
ures that seek only persraontl gi a,
eptlelse of t e otilitrlys w elfae.
Its editorial colnuns are for ther
cial purpors of exporsing the tragll
golvernmlent ollicials, and laws cotW
in lIauiagelk .:sulu'.ed to deceive ai
derstapding, and m:ake plain to ittr
ers the naotive, etusas andett o
general and special legislative sat.
Its news celnlmuns cozatain the
news and intelligence that can be olbta
ed from the tifour quarter of the
by means of the telegraph, mai
correslpodsnce.
Its agricultural colemaus are the q
adapted to the wants of fanners. UJ
whomn are invited to give their wi
ence and results of tew ideas an
perinents of all kitnds o~f iulpretrrla
calculatedt o o al~bsce tlhe fartnUigl
terest'l.
(One 1uste tIt' the Enrquirer comar
more solid intioarmation and intelli`
than can be had from fifty of the at el -
ed literary papers. Non, cau lay as
tie Enquirer without. admitting s *e,
able addition to his or her stock ofk-teu
edge.
Its market report. have for yel' ht
ackntowledgetd s tihe luo4t complete a
reliable published, and of great vatl a
Stock Dealers, Protlttctr and Tr.i
men generally.
It has depl tments and reading fortt
old and tLe young. For the family dN
cle and the counting house-- Forthe *
chant and mechanic-For thefa mr ash
stock dealer, and for ladies and patn .
men of every calling and statitate lit
Its terms ate low as any first clams
"er can be printed foir, anI the qua
and quantity of reading matter used yI
excelled by iaUy: other pper.
Try it for this year. A Cbrom fg
every $2.00 Sbubscriber. 8end yourm4
scription direct to the office.
R. R. R.
RADWAY'S READY REI
CUBrES filE wouSr PAl
In ;rom One to Twenty MEnutn"
NMO ONE HOUR
e aerbrerjnth baiavelrtisemat entastave
st tI:FFPtR WITH PAI. -
r- RADWAV'I REA"Y tRt.LIs mI A CUUIS,
LYEKTY PAIS.
iIt Watbhe gtand s
te The Ority Pain Renedyt
*. that IllantlyatrpstheL+tersrlatl ng lh
of Imilalmnattºuas, auld crtes tCirubI.h. wia, .
Ld ag., Sitawach, Bowels, oruaher ~ataher I;alletrlg
emeapplicauou.
0- IN FRO1 O'tt TO TWEKTT Utitsit,
he Ao matter bow vinalt or erxrriaaug he eL
RHKUMATIt;. 1kr. dda,. inrm.at'npptml,a y
hr euralgie, or prostrated with die.te may sn~r,
s. RADWAY'S READY RELIE.
) WILL AFFORD INSTANT UAX
N FIMFAMMATION OP THR KIDNEIti .
INFLAIMAT:*ON oV HTIl UUELB
,l- INFLAMNATION IAP THE IIOWEail
lit 'oWAtsION OP THit tPO.
i gD0l THROAT DIFFICUL',T DtwIATI~u.
it PAIA'ITATIN OP r 33U mA
fat HBIr-ICs, cuo,'Y, DIl ,.nr.IA.
. l a ns, cATARR, IN IW.
TA --i'0?UCIRAIaiA. lHVU Vat
anCOLT CHILLS, AUE CuISI.
ge Theapplicati ALofth R I elI .rtib-a -
ah paRR wtereDthepdaatr difficulty satsabiee .
th ad t' a nalfort l mct a oa l
Ire ABUen'rcuret KHMA .DAotl ltll ,
SDYSgNflitrOLleC. WIND IN 2I vu0"
Sdali I TTiJhA.L PAINS "
ir- Tavelers hould alws ear, s balleliB
Wl'sa Ready reller wirtni~w. AftWwm
slid Wteerwillaprevamvet tckaiawur $ub4 loos ts
c- ar. Itbbc iiermttlr'a.i Lraore libs
IE . iaablntperabu
RG ANFEVER AND AGUrlD i
arv. F ADa-ND WsurT-CaArm SotU A1M
re f t r a re m d wl age nt in t his w t.rld t et w ll .__
ME M I.A d ,TIII.LUL LeO Ml .I2 .iD .
, JqDR. RADWAY'S
HELTH! EAUiti T
NI~oNn tm tricot sPtA O - '1
or pLglH Adrp E N1E 4II-.Qggnl A*lT . "
DR. RADWAYswt.
THrE T eAIIU t WaOOruD P ulh [
nTlt t ccrbettg
i brd
f ulos, eofth .Atha 'I
ibs o a.. delr i be bv.mlAe.5I. tf
tbeSA troeS mt A tslloIstita dlio
AIeeeutert, ft A, e sbtlnred
bS rawkor L rl e' Iof SI
No e * * asessflh RUiSS
l uieas, + "ae t* itnei.lt o i hs ein
b lt.___sl O e elaa . ... +
L DAR. RADVA tn
0, " rwo . l. tr...
e .Ii. KUAD Leai All)w Wrt
r i la raml w Isn 1
ycfkinIassld M
tlr aO!ikmol ,umar -
SpaY le Bogo &
ovme by ·taVe