- [ E I UI rI \ IA e ao jiive. Du cb "cr itit le t ' " .
.t I f ' o f n o cl h q 0e o r r i n g . TP' 0ar . d ;h ' : ' '
2I. IE U Ij__t 11 and the friend ohtt 1l.:tll.v.
S? Ad iertisingi ates, -
4 6 501 $--15 $2- J.H. COSCROV
sq u a re , . .7 0 0 I E d ito r & 1 50o12 i,, ,,o,
Ssltre" 1400 I0) 22 00- -n0 35 1 -
i iqlll ""/ 17 oUI 20i/I3).! oil 3, 51 OI i) "-, -- :- - .... ... . On_ _opy 8x nilli,.............
4gqar~aT~ 17401 2 1 U 27 UI 35 4)- -I - - - - nii r S~ t'l I .\14 I10 -- - --n
Iqure"'" 2ill 4 1 500I,) 700 THE WELFARE OF TIE PEOPLE IS TLE SUPREME I Ar ..I
T' 11114r2s' o'1311 "7 00 36 011 51 00 740 _ _0
2611116,;i O) 80 00 - ---_-_y
r 00 1 011'25 01 Official Organ of the White Citizens of Red River, Sabine, Winn and Natchitoches larishes. dipin tik,,
6qu5s h . 00 73 ) 00 51 1 0 fi115 00 - - - -l ll-il' 'iliIIi II'' -,I-
-,l--l . . 1 -- 00 nn 1, nn-1_11 - .-- ..l _-_ _- "- - )I
Itl frtion Each ubse VOL NATCHITO JULY 27, 1878
I i- - - -Vl li'm )... . . _iiok--a it- --ler- i- tie-r"- mhde in ,Ihe c',lll o1 iretaiu 1t, l Ic tit j)I tile CII4T.IIt i a 8ilciIIL at . ,
c n t' 1 1'0ili i Stale. Allen g e ied"8 tJ i-d gtii~ition. at; sli
I__ _ - n-- -' I'-r'P1 V .vils Id 1 ierI lrb iad'11t ecl~t l'lf'l
ProfessiOnal Cards.
J , " . l* f'G ll.. ,
ATTORxEY .17' LA IF.
St. Denis Street, Natchitoches, La.
ILL practice in the Court. ot Natihitoches.
SgSabine.O I)ento and Red River and in the
snpreme Court ot'the State.
VV3, I. t Jao1,
(Stucessior to .A(tK & PIEIsON)
Attorney at!1 Conshelo" at Lawt
NATCIIITOCHES, LA.
LLLPaIticC in the Courtsof Natchitch. s
eabtf DeSto. Rod River Wint, Rý!ides
ait, d':- iii tsl SutroneIl Court of the
n a. ims promptly attended to.
Apri AFI2 • CHII
For
Wa i1M. JLevy, Thre
ATTORVEY AT L.-I. and
(Was Resumed the Practice of his I'rofestiou.)
"TILL practice It the Parish and I)istrict
CorPte of Nat hitonChes andi .ed .eCr
S oprome Court of Louisiana United States Ii.
trat antp Circuit Court of Lonisiana and I'• S.
court of Claims at. Washington.
 Otffice in the Lacoste Illilding (Up A Ia
Stairs.) 1 and li
NATCHITOCIIHE, ILA. eatn
May 26, 18s" "_
J H. CUNNINGHAM. Broke
Sdaeira
Stt0rnty & ( on etllor at Iatt, a
St. Denis Street, circi
Natchitoches. : : : : T"...
W ILL give Iprompt andt 1M'r.)otl at
Vv t ontio nt toall bistle ,entttrligtil to
his care
Prarctees in the I)|stri't allM Parish
tCourts is.the Parishes of Natchitnches,
Red River. D)eSoto nlld Sabine, a1141 beforeI Inipath
the Supreme Court at Monroe ad Newt
..Orleans. Jan 5 " Th
Boob
JOIr B. ROBERTsO.', o,.I
(Late of New Orleans,)
IrtORiE & COUNSELOR AT LAW
('OUtSIIATT A. i,
-BD JEIER PARISH, LOUISIANA.
Will practice in Coushatta, Natchito- b'
oh., UMasield, Many, and in every part
,o North.west Louisiana Special atten
itna given to Land cases and iuccessions.
t ,t1h, 1S77-tf.
,c.( `u1 , F. D DANot'UT. T. P. Cn.rt.1
Ds, $A1 U1gT& cliAPUIx
Attorneys at Law,,
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
PRACTICE in the District Courts of
N Watehitoohes, Sabine, DeSoto and
led River and in the Supreme Court of
the State. Mardch -ly.
- -- I~
DA,'L. C. SCAR OROUGK,
ATTORNEY IN FACT.
W. iTILL practice in the District and
TV Parish Courts of Natchitoches,
Winn, Saline and Grant.
, All bnsiuess intrusted to his care will
receive prompt attention.
Office with W. I. .Jack Esq., Second
Street, Corner ''Trndeaux, Na:thito hes,
. [, B. TUICKER,
Atlorney and Counsellor at Law,
SOFFlICE
S,. Deas Street, - . Natchitoches, La.
ITILL practice in the District and Par
"I iash Conrts of Natchitoches, Sabine
Dj8oto and Red River, and the Supreme
Court of the State.
All business entrusted to his care will
receive prompt attention. Apr 13-ly
m-AE K 'inu-'5
S NRtY S1FFORD,
Attorney at Laew,
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
i Office adjourning that of Mr. .lJack.
May 18 4mo.
iOusiness Cards.
j. 0. Triohel,
-DEALER IN
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, HARD
WAISE, BOOTS and SHOES, HATS,
· n' ETC.
ilghbst cash price paid for Cotton and
Country Produoe.
WASHINGTON, ST., L
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
WSLLARD N. H.CAMPBELL L
, 1d. rd & Campbelli .
,-sDAlEs IN
GROCERIES,
, . fHARDWARE, t
SMerchandise.
traer FRoT . LAIrAtM Street,
Natffoo(We, Lat i
esh price piaid for cotton and l
SIn n or merchandic'e
• O. Was. adIL * I. N, WAtLMILei
:C. L. WALMSLEY & CO;
. ;t r OW PACTORS
*ew L . *N, a.
+. ,, '+ , o + . %
+-'++: + I10
Miscellaneous. A ,O
Natchith
[From tl
Accordi
last JourS
ably ents
l)r. Sam
Hall, mon
"'lanneri
of Louisi
Dr. So
fellow ci
a citizen
S roved te
o * AN oivation,
CHILLS, FEVERS, DYSPEi'SIA otrioen
Female Disorders. Prepared by ill the
The Home Bitters Co., St. Loul ,
Prescrihed By Best Physicians, forreigni
and Sold by Dealers Evorvwhere. vies, U
5JUST NEa. and
BOERICKE & TAFEL'S col pan,
OME EOPATHI "I; a
PHARMACY, 130anal Street, Ilefor
NEW ORLEAN . he~t. e o
1i A full stock ofpureld reliable lomCBOpatth t
Medicines, as well as Family bledicineCaes, ter to
and Books in English, German and French con- and coo
tanly on hnl at w Yor ic. 31
Semd for descriptive ric e a .... an
-- Jsisted n
$5 0$100, $200, $500, $1000 and a 1
WVSt -ALEX. FROTHINGHAM & CO., localed
Brokers. No. 12 Wall Street, New York, make
dairable investments in stocks, which frequent- ile We
lypay fm five to twenty times the amount in- n ilt n
vested. Stocks bought and carried as long as de
sired on deposit of three per cent. Explanatory t corl
clrc'rlars and weekly reports sent free. an i t
w. holly
1 DR. BUTTS a:::::
o o. 12 N. Eighth 8t. of eve
id St. Louis, Mo. than It
Who has lad greater exernce In the treatment of the
i in the West gives tue results of hielo u l  dr l
practice in hi twe sew wrkslut publhA, entitled pe
The PHYSIOLOGY OF MARRIACGE ig I
The PRIVATE MEDICAL ADVfSER to the
Boots that are resit Gub.n nod 1.itasevse tIun al tat rite Vc
n ertaining to Iashoad and 1l mamhrad. and supplyM.
cant long fit. Tbheyarebcst IIIfar5I54atn iidtfan dmlac . De
a.ºgusge, easily understood The two books ebrae5 e
ginnle._withalltherecentlmprovementslnneddlsetreatment to bul
Reawhatourt homepaTer saRy : TTheenoWIdgeimpart c
I rn tD ut' new wort r is in no way. of r iestonable char ll
LW scter but Is something tht Torysae ssolua kow. t i i
IYat the victim ofesrly indiscretionl Itu kEsa,ot5Tewi , l tl '
perfectly healthy maybe, ut with vi r the rime
of I and the Woa, In n 1( t
o' -t.Louisi*JounIat
Madison Disepensary, I'iis
01 . Cla St., Chicago, ll
,eeatsflr sale Rabe~r G ioosiAc. byi 'Inpress b
ofell- 'rwo Barham'sl Inallable tI 511
a ill s orntlt
or e reoseminlaknessy tou
re 01 t Clerk rtu., Chlcao, es I retl
uretl _IULA OIC . lbL A t . u
d ily.. cha
, a. leloerWtdan Idse. rr
af v ris heda pP rOeeY s rtt ro
re w i Ot0'r
2M01S.Crk St., Chicagol, Il h e . rn t
The eatst Medical TnriCuopl of lit
bothystexer iLy Some. Palvextrd.
Tof(her G Ireae t tr1esexual Truph or 18 111)
Modern Times ! The 31ysterious
exChannel of Disease DiscovIered, at
and aCITertain Cure Pirori
6 ded. The Stomach,
Livrer, and Bowels
Sthe Centrei of
, WDisease.
_ ARO_'S l_ A i\l I-ILL ,
re will e Great Anti.Billious Remedy and
- HATS, Mliasmatic Dissolver.
PARSON'S
tron and PURGATIVE PILLS
Afe the result of lon -continred Scien
lief, Immediate Relief, may be relied
ll upon. As a glmmon Family Physic
PARnSON'S
PURg A TIVE PILLS
S tnd unequaled before the world to-da
tions, Pares Purgative Pills effectually
tre t Purify the Blood and greatly alleviate,
, L if not entirely cure Dyappsia, Srofula
oaor Kings Evil, Roeb, rysielaS or St.
rehaDi Antholty's Fire, Ernptions, sud Eruptive
,1wWAtTIL Morbid wellings, Ulcerations, Pimples
S and Blotches.
EVERY BOX WARRANTED.
.pst Complete Satisfaction Guaranteedt
or No Pay,
iLTl. Full direcetions arounad gto te
ull, ., .os e . li-: *
p brh iW TsPPlied byj',l,
fo -, -- F fouap I tbafbrqagh i
A LOUISIANIAN' LECTURE. drinks its
truthful al
Natchitoches Parish in Alabama. peradvent
ward, tow
[From the Livingston (Ala.) Journal] his thirst
According to annoluncement in the wwhich eve
last JouriwI, our citizens were agree- thraud, an
ally •entertained by a lecture fom frest i, S
I)r. Sam. 0. Scruggs, in Abrahams .eturns a
Hall, on Saturday night last, on the tentu.,d
"Manners and Customs of the Creoles ig and e
of Louisiana." Duriue
l)r. Scruggs, a brother of our wot thy latDuring
fellow citizen Mr. J. L. Scruggs, was iated mit
a citizen of our town in the days of its incidents
infn';ey, blt as early as 1845 he le- and after
Moved to Louisiana and cast his lot anr the v
with tile people of that State, a;nd has thc h
resided there evr since. The l)octor wlo'm It
is a gentleman of education and cul- woUldn't
Oivation, also of extensive information her), he I
derived fromt travel and mingling in tl wa
with the womld, both at home and in always
foreign lands. Possessed of liberal a Icttil
views, affable manner, ready hnnor, In Cao
and inteligent discrimination, lie is If lie aR
companionable in the social circle, rers
and not less agreeable and entertain- relatio
' ing as a lecturer. reol
Blefore entering upon the chosen tngrl
io theme of discussion, the Doctor recur- result to
s tred to the early history of our town ti
Sanud country, as far back as the years tirhe ladi
1834 and 1835. The town then con
sisted mainly of a log cabin Hotel and
and a log cabin Court House and Jail,
k' located near the "Hoit Bridge," in Ji
i the Western part of the town, as now
built up; The present square was Af C a
a corn field, and needed cultivation, f Ceel
and the population itself was not n feel
wholly without a like need. Aftert ths If
Shaving looked around the town and theAt tl
observed the changed appearance
of everythintg, and learned thait less I itn
St. than half a dozen of the old citizens acting
in tetnained, hie said he felt like a strau- tr. I
ger "upon his tntive heath." Recall- the cor
I1 tug a few reminiscences, lie referred lege at
ER to the that newsplaper of the county, give
the Voice of Surlter, and turning to falvh
a .r.D. HI. Trott. who occupied the felt tie
dn dtand with him, he told the audience decidt
ýu to behold their first Editor. It was was f
br . tlhout this time, lie said, that Sumter
, .-nultty began to rise in inipoltanltie eliultl
and to take a piomiunent position it and
lie State. ev
Recallitg the natne of the anoy of poitn
his old friends and contemporalies in lcclI
- Sntter, the Docler was much moved ucHirgi
iat the reflection that they wete near- the t
l y all gone to their long home. t
l Then takeing up the Creole Race of back
Ilouisiana. he stated that he was es- a Co
N.C. peciahlly solicitolus to disabuse thle Itint
*....l,.. ..f himia iioqdt of tthu tlt mraIIuar ja l bit
Sierror that the Cieole is a race adltdx at l
ed to some extent with African blood. year,
I ly, chtis idea the Doctor repudiated in canvi
strong terms, and proceeded to give a since
in brief history of the race, showing that the I
is sprung from pure and gentle blood itilur
o f France, Castilian and Dutch races, to
which settled, peopled, founded, and palic
gave shape and prestige to the State thosE
WOWS and inostitutions of Louisiana from negri
*sa 1534 to the present date; that for ingtt
over 200 years this people were isola- unar
Eed form the American races in and eai
Lost out of Louisiana, by reason of remote
d n- tess and the peculiar circumstaUnces
* attending their colonization, the soil, Hay
climate, destitution and their tempo- then
ral necessites. Their lifo was such Tild
that contact and acquaintance with Thor
- the outer world were itupractiable, to e
and has fixed iudellibly upon them a I
character sui generis. Whilst there part
are grades of society among these the
people, determined, as in all commu- ed
nites, by wealth, education and culti- est
vation, yet in sympathies there is the ao
strongest bond of unity throughout coc
all of them. From this race sptung
six of the most distinguished Govern
ors of the State; and many of her frie
most distinguished and honored rep- con
resentatives in the State and national B
governments; and nonIe were truer or
more efficient as soldiers, or readier tI(
to respond to the calls of patriotism. Mr
u. Hospitality, said Doctor, is a distin
guishing trait in the Creole character; No
whilst charity is all-pervading. Po-a'
pl u of lite in an eminent degree, yet decisive a
in charactor; strong in friellndship,
yet having a keen eye to discero, r
e e, and promptness to resent a discourte- a
sy. Highistrung, they are proud of by
their history and lineage, and ever on
the qui rive to preserve the one and N
defend the other.
Whilst they have many learned
nleu, distinguished in literature and c
science, yet the Doctor acknowledged lii
that the masseese do not sufficiently
estimate education; but that they tr
are nmore given to holt'e and things of io
d ttpleasute. They live in the pride of
the present; they give no thoughts to I
the future and hence are reckless of i
danger, and nseet death with but little i
S dread. The women are beautiful and n
deSin- ttoted, the best house keepers, the i
rdto beet cooks and tile best entertainers
g in the in tile world. Th'e Daotor told our
No grip- dispondent young men they couldall
ese Pills, get wives there, but they must do t
; b btRe- their courtdag in the.presents of theE
be relied old folks; inasmuch as a young lady t
hysic and gentleman are never left alone iti
a parlor for one moment, even though
ILL L they beengagedto be marrie ;nd i
rid such a thing a. a buggy ride with al
tto odr young lady--why, the old papa would
to ,f d ea put a load of buckshot into the het
'ealleviate, of sech an enterprse before be
SSerrofuhla say "Jack Robinson." The Doeto
ls or 8t. gave oan lnteresting discrip;tions of the
Errptive habitleof social life, their foudnes for[
beam. Te- good yi*ng, dress and.dancindug; which
a, Tumors, latter, he maid, inheres to the Creole
,, Pimples from die cradle to the grave; the old
gre..reat-grandmotbers is oftenL
aeei on thle floor minogling in the
NTTED, dance with her offpring to the furth
uate generation; and when she gets too
nanteod old to "cut tile pigeon wing," she will
si by and pat her foot to encourage
lho l r tive, says the Doctor, does
~ah n seiy become, that ons aeos
ePi o sl t c toitp tan will ever voluntan-,
-ery 7yre iiet and for a man o"n. ti
inkt the water of Red River, Ja
cent to the pariah in ahbiebh Ilhe
CO O e lit always wanl t turn tun hea
to dle. One of pe_ iiar Iie
"
drinks its water is thereby mIlde in the con
itrutliful anid honest forever ; unless, cincts, on
perad.venture, ihe turns his face WVst- thea condo,
ward, towards Texas, and quenches that wIas
his thirst in the Sabine river; in torney-Ge
which event he loses virtue and will member
thereaftel lie, cheat, steal and do- that tihe
fraud, and be rendelred unfit for lion- jpower, al
eat associatiOn, unIless and until lie precincts
returns and quaffs again the purify- turns wer
ing and neutralizing waters of the false or ft
Red river board fr
ed ringer. the leture the Doctor re. the true r
latedl mTniy interesting and amusing' With I
incidents and anecdotes illustrative board eol
of life in Louisiana, past and present, icanvass :
and after paying eitlher high tributes were iv
to the womenu of thlat State, one o ry poe
whom lie married (and he said he charactel
wouldn't take a heap of money for political
D her), lie said they made the best wives tisan rel
in the world-the present company had a p
always excepted-(politely bowing to ercise of
1 a beautiful array of ladies before him.) publican
In conclusion, the Doctor remarked, board th
s If lie had succeeded in convincing his favor, na
hearers-and especially some of his board ha
relations who were present--that tie the decii
Creole race was not tinctured with tih Stal
negro blood, he felt satisfied with the duties u
r- result. After a kindly acknowledg- throwing
n ment to hIis hearers, the Doctor re- ed there
rs tired Pmlnidst showers of bouquet from den or
1_ the ladies. turn fro
icounted
Judge M'Lints Confession. learned
1 As a member of the late State Board and incl
i, of Canvessers of the State of Florida correspi
ot I feel impelled by a sense of duty to turns of
per myself and justice to others to make have gi
lid the following statement:
ice At the time the canvass was made County
es I was not at any time conscious of The fri
+n acting otherwise than right and prop- was n(
er. I entered upon the canvass with Democ
il the conviction that it was my privi- test
red lege and duty, in a political sense, to given
ty, give the benefit of every doubt in recentl
to favor of the Republican party. I leader
te felt that when a question could be returni
Ice decided either way without doing in ville, t
, justice to a public sense of justice it added
Ater ,as fairly allowable in politics that I tors ar
hice should always lean to my own patty Leon(
in and give mly decision in its favor, publi
even at the hazard of straining a ballot
Sof int. At no tiie did I feel that I was in
ill ccpied the position of a Judge, ifati
ved charged with the duty of a strict and of th:
ear- nice weighiig and balancing of all false I
the evidence preset:ted. Looking shows
Sof back now to that I feel that there was box.
es- a coifbinatio of influences that of the
e must have operated most powerfully to the
in binding my judgment and swaying tion, a
"il my aCli,'U. I hal bru,, t ,t m-".. u
ood. years, and was at the time of the rd, at
Si1 caInvass, a very active partisan. I given
ve a sincerely thought tllat our State and in a c
teat the nation could suffer irreparalble Bell
,oud injury if the Democratic party were surrel
aces, to obtain the Presidency and the and
and policy of hatred to the negro and as to
state those who had been the friends of the confe
from negro should obtain control at Wash- me,
for ington. It was the common and 219
olaa- unanimous talk, also, that the very Arch
u and existence of the men who in the South ed in
note- had upheld the REpublican party de- the
auces pended upon the election of Mr. Jeffe
soil, Hayes. Mr. Hayes would sustain vote)
mpo- thetn throughout the South, while Mr. crati
such 'ilden would crush them. I was excl
with shown numerous telegrams addressed ty ca
.iable, to Governor Stearns and others from Supi
be t a the trusted leaders of the Republican coon
t here party in the North, insisting that ried
these t~he salvation of the country depend- fore,
mmnue ed upon the vote of Florida being was
ulti- cast for Hayes. Thlose telegrams Flot
is the came from those to whom I had been ia
ighout accustomed to defer--t% Uhl:irmai u tive
of the National Commit~te, and the mar
)verO- man whoi was the neatest personal as
f er friend of Mr. Hayes, and whlo had tie
I e conducted the canvass. These tele- ada
tional grams also gaie assurance of lie do,.
'ner o forthcoming of money and tiaopl if wai
readier necessary in securiug the victory for at f
iieMr.n. M. Hayes. ry 1
dti- Following these telegrams, trn  1r
racter Northern Republicans, party leaderLot
/ Poe and persona friends of Mr. Hayes; bee
. eio arrived in Florida as rapidly as t4e dom
iieip, railroads could bring them. I wa nl
h ipcr, surrounded by these men, who wer re
c"rte- ardent Republicaus, and especially
roud of by friends of- Governor Hayes. One aon
evron gentleman particularly, Governor tie
Ie and Noyee, of Ohio, was understood to tec
represent him and speak with the an- she
learned thlority of a warm personal friend lit
e r ned ommissiioned with power to act in po
re eged his behalf. These men referred to de
ie ietl the general destrtnctiop of the coun, in
st tley try lshould Mr. Tilden be elected, the ha
bige of intense anxiety of the Republican in
of f the North and their full ta
spride of ympathy with us. I eannot say to
ughe o hoW tar my action may have been oj
cks of influenced by the intense excitement fr
bt little that prevailed arounDd me, or how. far at
ti iflun my partisan zeal may harve led me ci
pens te i to error; neither can I say how far oi
aalurs a "couse-wa influenced' b, tlhe hi
1 l our promis made by Mr. Nyei thi p
o ulld dall M Hayes became Presideolnt 1 shpol o
mus d be rewarded. Certainly :tese lag0s
t o te ence mn barve had ~4trong ,a ti'
ung lady trol over my judgmitEtntaf tiof , m
alone il Reviewing my a t this die
n though taun of time, with all calmnes, with
jt admy ardor cooled and my partisan seal (
wih a clilled by the President, who has
ptol u lelyl betrayed and mociloeSty dee
tel troyed the Relublicaq party of the
e outh, and crushed the very men who I
ePct i sd mouch for his electiob, I am
pn o f the prsuaded that the Florida canvassu(
dies fo was not cnodueted with that o 1
S hii calm judgment and bonast, ,ase
hre'Creole decision that should hIve alba etr
a;te old ezed a proceediug invotingiseh vab s
is oftenand impoMtant interstas. Insted oef
g. in the this, 1 nw see the wsole pro
tehe eding wentoh Iupon the
gets t0 hliwst ware of political eoement;
esh lthat ptsani feeliig, stimtlated to
h ag the ntmost by the most powerful
n gea cies, ansepeaIh e plahe of reason
ctrr, ooesai dsouId ,jtttlEURcl .4 .politica
oaen sce ac- | ;pediency rs1¢d 4 to€. A large
ooos n t Lated b3 · Deto~orat5 Bepubni
,n - t a V ony was
he li ofi thels
trn thethl l~lb '
ty f-t._
in the count, or retain and count pnt(. the cliang
civcts, on the ground of illegality in State. Al
the conduct of the election or fraud Howell, i
that was charged to exist. The At- Conover
torney-General of the State and a count.
member of the board had decided Green I
that the hoard had quasi judicial to his he
power, and had the right to exclude him a co
preciucts from the count if the re- peace and
turns were shown to be so irregular, son to cat
false or fraudulent as to prevent the describes
board from ascertaining floea them ing that I
the true vote. cincts sit
With this view of its duties the Coxe c
board entered upon the work of the nesses so
canvass with the conviction that they events pr
were invested with large discretiona- goes. 01
ry powers which were of a mixed ing.
character, political and judicial-the C. H.
r political largely predominating. Par- Clerk of
s tisan veal and strong political ties Joseph I
r had a powerful influence in the ex- confessiol
n ercise of these powers, and the Re- enty-foui
publicans having a majority of the Hayes vi
b, board the canvass was largely in their cinct No.
s favor, as the result proved. If the These 74
is board had acted in accordance with passed,
e the decision of the Supreme Court of had carri
it the State, defining the powers and wards h
e duties of the board in reference to votes w
. throwing out precincts, since render- county.
l ed there is no question that Mr. Til- FRAUDS
in den would have been entitled to the
vote of Florida. Excluding the re- A. A.
turn from Baker County, which was Columbi
counted, and which I have since Republic
learned from the parties who made it to A. He
was a falsely manufactured return, after tht
rd and including the true return, which Novemlt
a corresponded with the precinct re and 2 a
to turns of that county, would certainly regular
ke have given the State to Mr. Tilden. derson's
Archer Precinct, No. 2, Alachua seen on
de County, was included in the count. ene
of The fraud committed in this precinct th;tt 51,
was not shown to the board by the nearly
th Democratic lawyers, although a con- now a
vi- test was made and much attention this crit
to given to this precinct; but I have JoIh
in recently learned front the Republican of the c
I leader of that county that after the the pre
be returns had been brought to Gaines- cthds,
in. ville, the county seat, 219 votes were
Sit added to the returns by the inspec
Lt 1 tors and clerk of said precinct. In
ity Leon County seventy-four small Re
or, publican ballots were stutfed into the Pittr
a Ihallot box at precinct No. 9, yet it was oft
it I was made to appear, even to the sat- niieiit ii
Ig, isfaction of the Democratic member lie hes
and of the board, that these were not Mr. Fu
all false ballots. Subsequent confession innoce
ing shows that they were stuffed into the ders a
was bor. I had seen Joseph Bowe', one due to
hat of the inspectors, have tickets similar was th
ully to them a few days before the elec- acy, t
ting thin, and cautioned him against their was t
N.I.lea unºlas they were generally adopt- Surrat
the aFd, and I afterwards learned he had the a
. I given them up. In Jefferson County, was
and in a certain precinct, at which Mr. J. spanm
shle Bell was inspector, 10l votes were becau
sere surreptitiounly added to the ballots carpel
the and counted. No charge was made posed
and as to this fact before the board. Tle when,
the confession of J. Bell, since made to made
ash. me, discloses the fact that, had the Spans
and 219 votes fhaudulently added to the rope
very Archer return, and the 74 votes stuff- putrp
outh ed in the 'box in Leon County, and We
Sdeo- the 100 votes surreptitiously added in Pitmi
Mr. Jefferson County, aggregating 393 It
stain votes, been rejected, and the Demo- Wail
e Mr. cratic rejected precincts which were of the
was excluded for irregularity and illegali my c
essed ty contrary to the decision of the the f
from Supreme Court, been retained and as,
lican counted, Mr. Tilden would have car- that
that ried the State. Tihe conclusion, there- previ
end- fore, is irresistible that M,. Tilden and i
wbeing was entitled to the electoral vote of tirelo
rams Florida, and not Mr. Hayes. solvu
been In making this statement my mso- direc
rman tires will doubtless be questioned by plica
dthe many, but the facts will stand alone unre
sonal as the truth, without any mese mo- the
a bad tives to sustain them. I am'ree to vion
tele- admit that, viewing things as I now f t
f the do, and remembering that MI. Hayes Cati
op If was continually inspiring his pereo. lion
ry for at friends and trusted agents by eve cap
Sry means in their power to secure for plot
ahim the electoral vote of Florida and T
ade Louisiana, and believing it to have the
layes; been a conscious wrong on lhis part, audi
as te done with a knowledge that he had that
Iwas not been elected, as his sobsequent thel
wer6 repudiation of Governor Packard, spi
eclally whose title was bound up in his own, zer
One and his wilful and cowardly deser- cloi
vernor tion of the very men who contribu- par
ood to ted so largely to his election, hlas Sta
the n- showno, my contempt for the pitiable hat
friend littleness of the man is beyond my of
act in power of expression. Mr. Hayes has pr
red to denied the validity of his own title ,a
conn, in denying Governor Packard's. He co
ed, the has ignored his Florida friends, show- i
ublican ing he believed them onworthy and th
ir fall tasoted with fraud; yet he holds on WE
ot say to the Presidency, which in his own
e been opinion was secured by this very w
itement fraud. He has cowardly abandoned pr
howfar and betrayed his 'Snthern Republi- ,
led me can friends throngh fear of beiog in
ho w far ousted from an office that hie believed ,
b y. t ehe never was elected to by the peo- th
. tat if ple. Wbatever may be the opiniton
1 bpol 4 of men in regard to mn .motives, I ki
e lagn ive them facts and leave my moe- a
og qln tives to a higher tribunal. w
i io ' SamiueL B. MCLIr. m
tis dis The above was signed and sworn ti
N, with to before the Clerk of Thomas County, a
isan seal -a ti
rho has The above confession was accom- a
s*lyde*- paoied by affidavitse from Sheriff A. o
y of the A. Allen, Juetie of the: Peac Will
ma i who lam Green and Clerk M. J. Coze, ex- *
i,, I m plaining is detail the Baker Counity
ca ODs V frad. Siheritf Allen, aBepPblicr, i
bat cuol says that when County Judge :Drig t
a gers refaused to act on the Canvassing J
ted Board he declined to be Jdg Ddrig I
Iabnh grs'ssobstitue, ias by law provided,
etead of and that Clerk Coxe's Justice of the I
bole pro. Peace Dorman made a canvass alone.
ijn the It was correctly made. Paul B. I
m oent o Canov, .father of a Republican for
tlated to the Legislature, bad offered Allen a
powedul bribe not to set. After the irregular
of reaon canvafl, Driggerti, Allen and Justice
.political Bill Greesn the latter appointed for
A large the purpose, made themselves into a
i lle coon- canvaasing board, gotinto the Clerk's
eBepubli- oflce after 4w, throw out the Jobns
nooo y was le and Dr ille Democratic pre
itai sides n odan chsaged a county pDemo
ofodfthe ta joritrtof 95 to a Republicaso
a o oth b tlf of 41. They did this arbi
riaaUl ludesrly without Iat.or evidence, i and
the change 1ias sutlicient to carry tht. fr thie d
State. Allen believes that John W. found ad;n
Howell, E. W. Driggers and G. 1'. but unfeel
Conover concocted this fictitious desired en
count. Ilay the
Green Awears that D)riggers canme place in a
to his house November 12, handed
hinm a comumission as justice of the ARi
peace and asked himt to go to Sander- l
son to canvass the county vote. lie
describes the canvass as above, say- It has bee
ing that Driggers suggested what pre. the press,
cincts should be thrown out. we know,
Coxe corroborates these two wit- uents to t
a nesses so far as his knowledge of the to in can
events preceding the second canvass members
goes. Of that canvass he knew noth- were part
I ing. the truth
a C. H. Edwards, the Republican the same
- Clerk of Leon County, swears that of such a
a Joseph Bowes, alluded to in MecLin's ter of fra
- confession, told him that he got sev- The an
Senty-four diminutive and fraudulent intact Ar
e Hayes votes into the boxes of Pre- stitution.
r cinct No. 13, where he was Inspector. "Art.
e These 74 votes were canvassed and shall ests
i passed, and Bowes boasted that he lic schoo
if had carried the State for Hayes. Ed- the State
d wards believes that 200 fraudulent support I
to votes were cast for Hayes in the children
r- county. ages of r
FRAUDS IN COLUMBIA COUNTY ALLEG- shall be
SED. or oter
A. A. Henderson, deputy clerk of tained o
a Columbia County, Florida, and a oommon
e Republican, swears that he and Alon- hallb oe
it zo A. Hoyt, the Republican clerk, met tions of
,' after the registration at Hoyt's house tios of
C1 November 2, 1876, and between 9 p. m ely for a
e and 2 a. in. added 179 names to the sians.
Art I
regular lists. These names, in Hen- tio sha
n. derson's handwriting, can now be
ua seen on the books. They were the contrary
names of iliegal voters, Hle knows
ct that 51, and he believes that all or licans
he nearly all of them, voted. Hoyt is lps c
0- now a fugitive under indictment for prsl a
on Articles
this crime. the Con
ve John Vinzant, jr., the present clerk the C
ae of the county, corroborates this as to of th
the present state of the county re- the St
coids, &c. demant
We a
cc- The Surratt Murder. sought
Re Shrevoport Times. on the
the Pittman, the phonographer, who mixed I
it was official reporter for the govern - ted and
eat- mert in the assassination trial, says If it be
her lie has no doubt of the correctness of have a
not Mr. Ford's statements of Mrs. Surratt's the pi
rion innocence, and that the grand blun should
the ders which grew out of the trial were tnon fri
one due to Stantou's theory, that Booth noxion
111 was the instrument in a great conspir it mist
lec- acy, the dictatory power of which p-mses
heir was the "rebel" government. Mrs. same
ptr- Surratt was hlanged for cofmplicity in the cr
had the assassination plot, of which she sented
uty, was entirely ignorant, and "poor the I4
r. J. Spangler sent to the Dry Tortugas any ol
were because a long rope was tound in Iis Aiticle
Ilots carpetsack, with which it was sup- voted
nade posed Mr. Lincoln was to be bound, dition
The when, in fact, no other use was to be princi
a to made of it than the catching of crabs. but is
the Spangler had simply borrowed the vorab
the rope from Eloid's theatre for that not fe
uff purpose." Nei
and we append the main portion of agital
ed in Pitman's statement to the reporter; We I
393 It was not until my return from Orlea
emo- Washington, with all the testimony publi
were of the 450 witnesses at the trial, and orgat
gali my compilation in narrative form of thirty
f the the facts testified to by those witnes- ject,
and sea, that I came to the conviction went
car- that Mrs. Surratt, though aware of schoc
here- previous plots to abduct the president judge
ilden and take him to Richmtood, wias en- enfor
ote of tirely uninformed of the sudden re- perji
solve of Booth to kill him. The onlyI how
r mo- direct testimony that seemed toim these
ed by plicate her was that of the drunken ofii
alone unreliable witness, Lloyd, who kept tion
e mo- the tavern a!. Surratteville. Her pre- Hen
ree to ious life and history, the testimony the 8
Inow of those who knew her well, and tore,
Hayes Catholic priest of known probity and the
erson- honor, all went to shlow her utter in- brok
Feve capacity to engage in so diabolical a udie
ire for pot mini
ia and The testimony went to show that B
have the assassination of Lincoln was a is p
s part, sudden resolution of Booth on finding schc
lihad that the presidentt was to visit the are
equent theatre that night, and the hasty con- re-i
seard, spiracy hbatched up with Payne, At- thet
i own, zerodt and Herold, was confined ex- the
deer- closively to their knowledge and equ
tribu- participation. Tihe fact is that Mr. Suf
n, has Stanton, Judge Advocate HIolt, Bin- the
hitiable amt and Burnett and others otficsrs der
ood my of the government engaged in the late
yes has prosecution were somewhat unbal- det
n title anced by the imaginary greatness of a en
's. He conspiracy which did not exist. Noth- Sta
, show- ingbut such a belief would justify the
hy and the treatment to which the prisoners Sa
ads on were subjected. ly
hi own The trial for thle first two weeks we
is very was conducted in secret, and the
ddoned prisoners-Herold, Payne, Atzerodt, in
pepubli- and Ithink two others-were masked do
f beo ing a closefitting helmet white cap ti
wlieved which just left a breathing hole for ca
tepeo- the month and nostrils, They werea
oponion besides manacled at the nst and an- e
tives, I kles ,and to the latter were sattached ci
m m mol a heavy ball and chalin. Mrs. 8arrat to
was not thus maskedt, but she: was t
IcLx. manacled at the feet throughouib the a
sddsorn tial. Tbe masks were removed a
Conoty, when the trial became public, after
the expiration of two weeks, when e
icom- admission was obtained to the court
hori f A. only by the personal sanction of Gen. c
SWill- Hunter by card. a
ontity The et:ommendation to ierey forr
p Mican, irs. glhratt, signed by member of
g D rig the court in secret easson,. Andrew
suseing Johnson affiarmed hie never saw, and i
g tirhe efforts of Miss Anna E. 8urntratt to
r d see President Johnson in behalf of
ce of the her unfortunate mother, were some
as alone, how cruelly frustrated. An innocent
Pa PlB. matron was hanged, and history is
blican for dumb Ias to who is responsible for the
d AlAen a terrible wrong. Frantic efforts were
irreglarl made to connect John SIrrsAtt ritil
ad JuJtice the assassination plot; bat, fortunate
ointed for ly for him, they were unsueccessful."
,ey into a It will be seen that Pattman says
le Clerk's '"history is dumb as to who is respon
the Johns- sible' for the terrible wrong." Not
ratic pre- so,; all the circnmstances go to
ty Dpeno- prove that the brute Stanton was
epbbliceao nmainly responsible for it. Elsewhere
Ihtbisarbi- in the lnterview the . phonograpier
dence n, ad s thats tha ough heo- iUl entrtaiini
for the deftulnct s'.ctctry " l ,
found admiration," lh \- :, -:(.I
but unfeeling, and who. t,l;t; a
desired end, woulnid in ;;n )  -tt 1.y
pilay the deslpot--"tal te.- L, of
place in a Republican g"\l :;. r.
ARTICLES 135 .N
[Opelonsas ('ol 1.i
It has been repeatedly it aI tiil.,h
the press, andt never thntitdi, ,-I f;r ;is
we knowV, that the prolpot-I :i . u: iil
tltents to the Constitutiton w'i ..L liicd
to in cancus to which the l1.o ii"h':ill
memubers of the Senate :i. I ;.I,
were parties. We now wi-h -to iv;
the truth of this slltltimlint, ,; at
the same time the ut1111 st i vo\ bi :
of such a body in the impli tant tL; -
Ster of framing the organic law.
The amendments .pro;st to leave
t intact Articles 135 and I:1 Of itle Co)
stitution. They are as fhll." s
"Art. 135. The General .\A~ndmly
Sshall establish at least one Hcc pnih
Slic school in every pari.- hI tlou-'htI
the State, and shall r1111vid ftor its
It support by taxation or othei wise. ill
Schildren of the State btwentc lihte
ages of six (6) and twenty-otn 1 l)
shall be admitted to the'pnhlic shu'hlsk
or other institutions of learin: sjts
of tained or established by the Sttic, in
a common, without dislittctiot if nrte.
Scollor or previous condiltio, lii',ri
Sshall be no separate schools or in.titslu
se tions of learning established excliv -
m ely for any race by the State of l.u
ie siana.
SArt. 136. No mnllicip d c"trporl -
he tit shall make any rolcs or rcqurtltiois
e contrary to the spirit and iticrltio, nf
SArticle one hundred and thirll Ifit "
or It is quite evident that th.e I-itilh
licans consented to vote foi the ipro
or posed amendments on condition lhtt
Articles 135 and 126 should reTmain in
k the Constitution as a part of the law
to of the land, and it is also equally v
re- ident that Democratic mentlntrs ,,f
the Senate and House acceded to this
demand.
We are well aware that this thillng
sought to be explained and just ilitd
on the ground that the quetstion oft
io mixed schools has ceased to boe agiia
n- tedand has been practically settletd.
ays If it be true that the colored peoplel
of have acquiesced in the separation of
,t's Ithe public schools, the Denmocrats
n should have demanded the elilnina
tere tnon from the Constitution of so o'
oth noxious a feature, on the ground that
ir it misrepresented the wishes and par
ich poses of both races, and upon the
rs. same theory the representatives if
y in the colored people otll have as
she sented to it. But the simple fact that
oor the Republicans refused to vote for
gas any of the amendments unless tihose
his Atticles were retained, and that they
sp- voted for all of them upon that con
nd, dition, shows plainly enongh that the
be principle is- not conceded by then,
bs. but is retained and only awaits a fi
the vorable opportunity for agitation, if
that not for practical enfprcemnent.
Neither is it true in fact that the
Sof agitation of this question has teased.
; We have before us a copy of the New
from Orleans Observer, a paper edited and
ony published by colored men and as an
and organ of their race, which contains
m of thirteen editorial articles on this sub
tnes- ject, and insisting upon the enfo'rce
etiot went of the law in respect to tuixed
e of schools. It repeatedly renminds the
ident judges of the State that to refuse to
en enforce this provision is to tontiliit
re- perjury, and we would like to ask
only how any judge could refuse to tbey
a these provisions, without a \'itlatioai
tken of hisoath to ,support the Cottstitt
kept tion of the State? It can not be done.
pro- Hence, the public school system of
mony the State, in its most imiportant fea
and ture, rests, not upon law, but ullon
and the violation of it, and it may he
r in- broken up at any time that race prei
eal audieo or partisan interest may deter
mine to do it.
that But the argument that the question
as a is practically settled against nti.ed
ding schools, put forth at a time when we
i the are asked in effect to assent to and
con- re-incorporate in the organic law
At- these obnoxious provisions, plactts
Idex- the people of this Stati ii, a otn,sI;
and equivocal and mortifying dih-lnina.
atMr. 5uffer these provisions to remain in
Bin- tte Constitution, but with hte nn
offcas derstanding that they are to be vii
inthe lated throughout the State ! Consi
unbal- der, if you please, the spectacle el the
em of a enlightened and free people of a great
Noth- State, whose history is illustrated by
justify the best civic virtues of the Anglo
rioers Saxon nhd the Gallic race, deliberate
ly consenting to place the coinmuoa
weeks wealth in a situation so humiliating
udthe Let us have done withasuch truckl
terodt, ing policy. It will disgust and break
masked down the Democratic party, if it he
itcap insisted upon and carried out. You
hoe for cannot justify such measures by any
were appeal to reason or to the law of ne
nw an- cessity. The same power that res
attched cued the State from Radical l)omil
orratt 'ion is willing and able to refortn all
aee:was the abuses inflicted by Radicalism
nout the and to eliminate from the law all the
reoved abominations engrafted upon it, on
hiafter less some insidious and selfish iitlh
owhen once latervenes to prevent it.
hcourt And thi; restoration and reform
o oGen. can be effected without bargain or
compromths, and without lowering
the standard of public or private vir
ery for tue. Let the people demand a Con
tmber of stitutional Convention. The best in
Andrew thrests of society, the safety and ex
saw, nd idtewce of the .Democratic party, the
r rtt to adjustment of the organic law to tit,
belf of Interests and feelings of the peohle
a rsomindee, every consideration valued by
inncent a free people, accustomed to self gy.
history is ernmeit, demaands the holding of a
le for the Constitutional Convention. e'trust to
trte were inan as a delegate to your " lit 'e
ratt with assemblies, unless he pledges hiutsetf
frrtunate-' 'to secne to the people, as far its hi.i
'oi cfl." vote and intlanse, will go, the nali
taan says enable right to make the Conitituti,,t
is repon- andlaws ander wlitih they and thita
ug." Not posterity are to live.
.s go to _._"_ --_"_
DIda nt Was Will tbe toming woman paddle hI
Cl Eseeesre own canoe --Rochester Dem1ocrait. 1),.
angoaphier pends on her eanoe-bial istclinationt.
-_tent~tia Philadelphia Balletik