Meat Question. The " ;es
ip,5, sia s tilt
Notwithstalnding our farmers cont- is it that sil
tinually talk of the impossibility of i tirdtstlln i
raisillg hogs in this contty, we must it hit -
beg their upalii n wheni we say em- this is in ii
phatically-we don't believe them. knowing hi
We think we know the people of pel formt , w
this country pretty w 1l, and candol '1 otsi'ith
compels us to say that the great hullk ithe monrniir
of Iisfortunes that now threaten to such as I
overwhelm our people result from ly doing l
their own stYbhorlrnness or ignorance. li l ling of
We are willing to admnit that hogs if his ailn
cannot be raised in the oll .a!y--for fromt the
that "old way" is and has been thi( all extrt
cause of nine-tenths of our farmers' ,comitnly
failn yes, clean. 11
What seems the desire of all in order, thill
TLog raising as well as in every thilng required I
else in this country, is to do it without never pia
much work or feed. No range, anl lovled a
negro stealers at once shut out the anvil w
old way, and we are forced to say tie "seIf
that it is almost an impossibility to il ofto
get our people to learn any thing ire fll
NEW. They are lBourhons of tie to hunt
worst character- -they nlthler learn iron has
nor forget anl3thing, which is a tis- tllOe
fiortune, and almost a crime, at this
particular per iod. S
If our tarmers will expend care in Siehr
selecting good stock--tune in h a lii g use of s
and watching the Illhogs, there wonllltl n to
be no difficulty in producing our own of lougl
meat. stonis
Our people must learn now for all exposl
time that they cannot range hogs sea Ciisl
with success- they know full well without
tlinhat negroes will steal hogs; there- to irev.
fore, other methods must be adopted. fietly
With the impmltance of this qcues- th
tion of nleat-raising continually tll olari
broughlt to their mind, and more es- iade 1
pecially when "no profits" result two of
from the cultivation of cotton and ofshari
the purchase of meat and corn, it sand.
seems strange something has not
been done erec this to succeeed in pro
ducing bacon in large quantities at Av
home; and more so, is it strange Joiurtini
when we feel assured it can be done. dlen th
Let each and every planter and reitniri
farmer invest some money and time, wlrieti
it does not require much of either, in tunias
good blooded stock and its care and sweet
attention. Plant pastures and grow golds,
food for your hogs. Keep them under writer
fence and thie eye of your guard, (any hl.
old negro or white man, and there is Phlox
an abundance of snch people here fit and tl
for nothing else); fatten these hogs both
to 300 potnds net weight at 12 months come.
old, (nothing is easier) and our word Atgu
for it, an abundance of meat will be
produced to supply all demands. Bou
Go ahead planting cotton and buy- kers'
ing corn, meat, and all you eat andboil
wear, and poverty will be your end with
certain. It is useless and idiotic to The I
argue otherwise-the history of agri.
culture of this sort in thle Souti No
proves our emphatic assertions, click
Ninety-five per cent of our planters Burn
are now ill debt,a owing to that s!/tlem sPnu
alone, and they will only become nmore wasl
involved by continuing it. fre
Raise your own meat trusi--then es, c
produce cotton as a profit from yosr gir'r
labor to procure a iring. stop
How Yoa Fail.-Plow your fiels SIh
two inches deel'; suffer tile hired For
people to look alter your stock aId eggs
ride your horses and tules Saturdays (the
and Sundays. See that they are paUs
never "culried or salted ;" buy corn tile
and bacon in St. Louis anid flour in tie
Chicago; invest nothing in narrow itld
gauge railways; take your cocktnils sauc
regularly before breakfitast; spend int
your money before you make it; de- who
vote Saturday, anyhow, to swingitg
a Colt's repeater around the colrner A
grocery and "cuss the d-d nigger Tak
because they won't work." cut
Mr. Johin W. Lewis, mnnager of mill
King William county, Virginia, writes also
to the Soulltheran Planter a(d Farmer, sl
thiat during February hle plants his con
tomato seeds in hot-beds made of ver
rich earth; seldom waters, as they the
will stand drought better and bear 8er
transplanting more successfully itf not
too succulent; the early plants are
set out in five feet squares, frolt the C
the twentieth of April to first of May, sql
each square receiving a good supply in I
of manure; for a late crop time seed blo
are planted in these squares, furrows try
having been run five feet apart each tr
way; his yield is an average of a lii
peck to the hill; the greatest enenmy ter
to the plant is the tobacco wormt, but on
be grows large droves of turkeys, Pu
which act as great scavengers in this of
respect; hie is preparing this spring ter
to plantseveun hundred acres in to- an
Inatoes, and now has seed planted ill an
Lot-beds covered by six hIundred lie
sashes, containog seventeen thousand
panes of 8lO glass. Here is a prob. ed
tern which we would like to have
selved by some of our lady readers:
If blr. Lewis averages a peck to the
bill, how many bushels will hlie make
on seven hundred acres, planted uin
hills live feet apart each way ? Wef
presume thie company, of which MIr.
Lewis is managcr, cultivate the to- st
mato as a slpecihdlity forcanning thelm- is
selves or to ship to the canning es- k
tablishments in Baltimore. tr
What IIorses Shall Small Farmers t
Breed ?--It becomes a matter of in- t
terest to determine what horses it a'
will pay best to breed, especially for
small farmers. The land, as I have i
repeatedly said, is light. Fall plow
ing is but little done, and theoreti- t
cally not advantageous. A good
farm mare may theretore do her
spring and summer work perfectly tl
well, and have a foal ever year in
August or September. It seems aP
great pity that so many horses should
be raised, and among them so few a
that are worth the hay and provender
that they eat before they are five
years old. Were the Norman or
Percheron not so violent a cross, it
would seem to be the best, aeverthe
less I believe experience at the West G
sheors that smallish mares will oftenI r
have excellent and well formed foals ii
by such siree.-American Agricultu- e
jet. r
Gleanlini-s from the Scientific
American.
, GO) FOiD ;iRS. R'
'lhe question has often heen asked
us, IVyi the (orrui c .llenthlif, ''Holy
- is it that some smit hs are able to mke 1
Ibetter torgings than other ?" or "llow
is it that - is always so sueeessful
t with his wehldi" The secret of all
this is in first knowing how, and after
knowing hoiw, in doing, or trying to St. Deuit
f opefrm, what we know. The know
ing smithli so laVys out his work at the jS PREPA.1
close of the d;lay that his first work in I puilic in
I the morning will e the heaviest, and Livery line
S such as Ic(lires but little welding. rn.l,.r e.lt
n) Fly doing this he not only leaves the c1I;, e1'
e lighter portion of his labors Ior the l 1:D 1.
;s waning of the day and also the lir.il nilais a
Sof his aIl, but lie removes the chill s ,r
01' from the anvil and other tools to such
lie an extent as to prevewnt the iron from Feb. 17
rs becoming chilled before tile weld is
Iproperly made. ls lire is alway D
cleanllHis tool rack is always in
order, thus enabling himi to grasp the
ng reiquired tool at the ploper tune. He itI
t never places his iron in the tire a se
ScondI tune until, with a tile, hlie has rc
l Imoved all the seales. The ice-cold CO
he anvil will chill the thin part of
a13 the ''scaff," and iprevent the wehl- PA
to in of that portio,. It is iinmos
sible to take a clean heat with a
" tire full of slag. If you have
the to hunt five minutes for a tool, your TC
,n[t'l iron has become cold, and unless youl
i t remove the scales and other matter,
this your fol gings will not be petect.
SAWDUtST IS lROGIt i ('ASTING.
in Siehr reconeii s very bighly the
iti use of sawdust in mortarl, as superior
oulul even to hair for the pIrevl tinll of
cruacking, and subsequnent peeling off,
oft tough casting unilider the action of
storms and frost. Ilis own house,
r all exposcd to prlonged stotls on the
hogs seacoast, had patches of mlortar to be
w renewed each spring ; and after trying
well ithout ell'et a nIilUtlber of substances
le'- to prevent it, he found sawdust per- I
pted. feetly satisfactory. It was first '
]ts thlorongly dried, and sifted through
an ordlinlary gsrain sieve, to remove T/ ls i
tally the larger particles. The mortar was thre
re es- nade by nixing one part of cement, proveno
esult two of line, two of sawdust, and live ates all
and of sharp sand, the sawdust being first. hox, lill
it well muixed dry with the cenntt and the sum
sand. (;in in 1
not pIens the
faster w
Spro A SMALL VLoWEI, G.\RDI)E. il a
A writer in the Western Farm swine tie
range Journal recommends for a flower gar- uinuail
done. lden the following list, as they do not seed lte
r require treatmetnt, ate good sturdy of tlls
tine, varieties, will stand neglect, yet do toi on
well: Asters, balsams, dianthus, pe
er, in tunias, phlox, calliopsis, verbenas, fli
re and sweet peas, mignonette, cinias, c iniart- ,r k i
grow <golds, and poltulacas. The same of the
ud writer ritr again says: "The plants I sti
n have named will afford a profusion
o(any of tlowers from Junle to October.
here is Phlox will be the first to Iblossom,
sere fit and then petunias will come on, and
hgs both of these flowers continue to in- -.
oths crease in beauty until hard frosts
conic. Asters will be in perfection in
r word August and September.
vill be Ag
I buy- kers' Use.-Fuse 8 Ilbs. tine African
a un copal, add 2 gallons clatified oii,
abil ah.uwly until quits stringy. nix Won
wtir end with 3' gallons turpentine, and strain.
iotie to The boiling will take 4 or 5 hours.
f agri -- Cor
South Now is the lime to purify your
ertions chicken lhoiuses to prevenlt disease.
anters Burning sulphier in tile houses;
8!stRnl spr'iinkling with carbolic acid ; white.
enmore washing with hot lime ; cleaning out
frequently ; providing liberally, ash
--thenes, ciareonI, burnt oyster shells, litte,
>m your gravel, pure water, will all aid in
stopping or warding off disease.
n fiels Shirred Eggs, Kentucky Fashion.
e IiredFor each person, Ibreak a couple of
ck and eggs into a small tin or eaithen dishli
t irdays (tile little yellow tirhe proof baking
hey are pans are mnost suitablh'), and pilace on
my corn the stove until the whliites are set and i
tlour the yelks begin to stitfin. Remove
narrow and serve in tile same dish set on a
ocktails saucer or small platellc. Eggs cooked
speid in this tmanner make a delicious and
it; le- whwolesome breakfitast dish.
Scorner A Nice Reelish for Breakfiast.
I igger Take half a pound of fresh cheese, Who
cut in thin slices and lput in a frying HE
pan ; turn over tlus two cups of sweet
nager of milk. Add a pinch of dry mustard, mid
, writes also of salt andl pepper, and one
F armer, spoonnil of butter. Stir this mixture
hlnts hi coinstantly. Roll six Boston crackers
made ofvery fine, and stir in very gradually, cool
as they then turn at once into a hot dish and uft
and bear serve imumediately.
l ly if not - Wa
frofl the Quarter a couple of tender young A
of May, squirrels and soak for half an hour anl
d sutpllv in salt and water to draw out the 6
t he seed blood. Slice a good sized onion and ter
Sfurrows try brown in a talnblespoonfol of bnt- ct
ptrt each ter. Stir a conple teaspoonfuls of
age of a flour (hrowned flour is nicest,) in a
t enemy tencupful of water and adid to your
orm, but onions, with salt and pepper to taste.
t urkeys, Put in sour squirrels with a quarter
rsin this of a pound of bacon and stew until
uisspring tender, say about three-quarters of
us in to- an hour. The juice of half a lemon
lanted in and half a cullp of wine added just (S
hundred before serving, is an improvemnient.
t tousand Wild pigeon or rabbit is nice prepar- i
is a prob. ed in the same manner.
to have -
Sreaders : Japanese Method of Cooking Rice.
ek to thke -Only just enough col water is
panted n poured on so as to prevent the rice
lanted ifrom burning to the bottom of the
hich Mr. pot, which has a close fitting cover,
to the to- and, with a moderate fire, the rice is
e the to- steamed rather thian boiled, until it
i ig t nes- is nearly done; then the cover is ta- cil
i es ken off, the surplus steam and mois- rC
tore allowed to escape, and the rice
armers turns out a masns of snow-white ker
Fr erof in- nels, each seperate from the other
hoses it and as much superior to the usual
horse f soggy mass we usually get in the
eclI have United States as a finle mealy pototo
alII a aew is to the water-soaked article. I
t r.t- have seen somnething approaching
I teoreti- this in our Southern States, but I do
A o od not think even there they do it as
e reo her skillfully as it is done here, and in
r perfectly the Northero States but very few
era to persons understand how to cook rice
ree oald properly. I am sure that if cooked
m o few as it is here, the consumption of this -
proender wholesome and delicious cereal would
y roe five largely increase in Ameriea.-Am.
orman or Grocer.
a cross, it
neverthe- Colorado has 1,000,000 sheep and
t the West 600,000 head of cattle. While cattle
will often raising has always been profitable, it f
rmed foals is claimed that sheep pay a larger per 1
AAricultu- i centage of profit on a smaller invest
ment.
HUTSLN'
LIYERY and FEElD
STAIBLE.
SSt. Deuis St., NATCIIITO( IES, La.
e S PREPARED to accofu nlmnlte the
i public in tveryth in in th.el l'eed andU
d Livery line. Staide is inrt-class and
ranged especll ia1lly for the coIvcniIncc and
Scomtnrt of stclk.
SIFEED FOR IIORISE $1 PEIR DAY.
Ill'iks and h ..ggie, on hire and far
IIt H. IP.1T iiirO\.
in F]eb. 17--1v. "Fropi'itntlr.
DANIEL PRATT'S IIPR~VED
"Revolving lead"
COTTON GIN
PATENTI)'D JIULY 1 187:1.
PRICE REDUCED
r TO $4 50 PER SAW.
I (
1 '1
2e e
ast -
Itr - -
t
ie IIS GIN has beetn in use for the past
IS I three seasons. anil st'everal receun i l
nt, prvetmnts haive l teen added. It obvi
le ates all friction at the ends of ithe cotton
bt ox, p'eve\'ts the roll fron lbrki1ng, and
no gives a LAl;IER YIELD OF LINT from
the same amount of $eed than any other
(;in in use. TIhe lRevolvint lhad light
iens the draft and causes the (;in to run 11
faster with less driving power, thus do
ing a great deal nmore work within the 1
i' , ne titlle, while econo lltiui llg stillll or
ar- atinal power, than atny othter (Gin. The L4
Iut seelld bing ginned very close, the length
rI1 of thle staple is isincrias.d, prodlning cot
(1 ton oil this a tounlt of a greattir iii:ritk't
pe. valu. Thi improved `alue, givn 1y
lengtlh of staple, with extra 1prodctnion
of lint, added to increased amiunt of
Swolk dloll, more than: covers the co.t
.ule of the (:in in every 101 I bales ginnied.
" Testimonials sent by mail on application.
JOS. 1. WOLFE & CO.,
oit, G(ENEIRAL AG;IENTS,
in 59.......... CARON ELET ST........59
osts NEW ORLEANIS, LA.
n in
C. L. WAL.MSLEY, Agent,
August 12 .1 TIITO(('IIES, L.1.
rn'i -- -
ma
cat HENRY GEN;US.
nix Worker in Tin, Copper and
. SHEET IRON.
Conler Front and 'l'rndean Streets,
our NATCIIIT'rOCIIES, LA.
: out
litne,
ad in
x Alc ofOAK
cooking stowe. All stoves sold at man
.adfctnlrer'i prices wit h freight added.
ceanfatronof plain and fcy Ti
A large ad se.t of Tin Ware
ani Ilons, lurnishing good on liati,
G TEI. FI . all an-a
ee, holnsl a nd otaildealer in ll kinr ofx
SaC fcurlof r n red with iatci.h t .de.
Steam Saw Mill.
J.H. STEPHENS.
(Seenr Miles South of Natchitoches.)
H AS ON HAND and is prepared to fur
nish on short notice all kinds of the
BEST QUALITY OF
Yellow IHeart
PINE LUMIBER.
Has well stocked lumber yard in this
city and at Mr T. Chaler's, on Cane riv
er where parties can have orders filled
promptly on application.
PRICE:
Five to Ten dollars per M. at Mill.
Fourteen dollar per M. in city yard.
Address,
J. II. STEPIIHEN,
At Mill.
Or J. C. TRICHEL,
nNatchitoches,
And T. CHALER,
Feb. 17-1y. Isle Brevelle.
is -
d Pictures !
P ictures I !
Pictures ! ! !
.. You can have Three Card Pictures taken
it for FIFTY CENTS, on St. Denis street,
er Natchitoches, La.
A. G. RUDD,
Photographer.
Bec
. . .. . ..- ,Is thi e(lul"
tnitil.
final e. t ht'
Our Erienhlstic1; ri?,
ci' tt illlls I'
ºi t llh .li ii
Should subscribe at once, and ~y,;1,,,,1'1
get up Clubs for the i""'
CINCI
a puhllic `s
,cs to thE I
imttellslt 114
tici ls$e ill
their true
Our inducement to Clubs are lib- the E
FOR 1877." ""1t4
eral.paper is
.-----00- .-----
Our inducement to Clubs are lib
1 o Si.x MIit]
eh'ra e Mi
Peoast fore' Vn caoci
Ne okWekySn
LOOK HERE a!
ittill FARA
o e will let each of our old Subscribers who pro
tlt cures us one new Cash subscriber at our usual rate.
rIn have the VisrDTCTOu one year for Two DOitLARS. That T
II t is, both subscribers can get the paper fpo Foua DoL- mO
Lr LARS AND FIFTY CENTS. Public
myth
Dot
IIt i ly -__ _ _ _ -
ait of
3('41r
144 l. Add
liti
CSingle copies.........BR * **ate s* P.O.t. 1 '
g. Ten copies to one address............ .. 22 50 l
Twenty copies to one address............ 40 00 h Sil
A copy of either, the 1 nll
People's Vindicator, Post l
Saturday Evening Post, ad:
I New York Weekly Sun,
N. O. Weekly Democrat,
ill till
Furnished extra and free of charge, to each getteH s up
oi a club of te subscribes.v'
utiilit
C0ASi must atcoman4 every order.
lemnit by Draft, Postoffice Order or Registered Letter. PR
K whi
JOB WORK. ii
wire Our Office is supplied with a splendid assortment of ;i'
01 441 %l:II 1skei
SJob Type and Liberty Jub Presses,
- and we are determined to do as good work as New i
[ii Orleans, and as cheap. An,
Art
* lo
r.itoee.) POSTERS,
ei CRCUL AtS, fr
.rt BILL HEADS
1ER. LETTER HEADS,
rd in tis
PROGRAMMES,
BUSINESS CARDS,
and all kinds of work executed with neatness and
Et Shu1. dispatch.
3. H. COSGROVE,
)cnisetreet, EDITOR AND PUBLISHER,
UDD. PEOPLE's VINDICATOR, Nachitoches, La. P. O. Box, 120
to grapher.
OUR COUNTRY ! .....
'iI ieh 1 i
WHAT WILL iiil,,ll,
Become of It? 1
Is the:tlq e 5tl i'o l 1r a gitatilng the p Ihli I p,. h.11
lil l 'i it i ! ' i n'11111l
tin orl l s letlet't i tt lirthe l r 1 'Iiat o lrt' i ' 11i 'hIi l "
liew Prtesident the Policy of 1h1, lilIlet l 'h1,i 1n
lllAdmin istration i : Ali li ittirl wilfair' of 1i tho p:
tile velntr' 1l people, are r, ttir" ou1w. lt h
gr dlt t it'ºst to al1ll and every ioldiVid4 i - o i liltl'
al. FAtIII1h 0 crsis IL14 141t 1 1 p ei1 lies11t i us i 1 t
A i l nthfnl ]History 4 ' ent th .:l i ld  11 ln' 1 p.il
inlil oif Cong'lllr s will he giv nl with iill- ore of l
partiality and fairniSP in the .L1itr
CINCINNATI ENQUIRER
a public· splirite'd palley t Iililn t 11! isl
stIl the pleopl , alltvlf ttlig ilmlls1111li
Ito the Liaws, go..d Go1"verrnent, an thell
i ghts of the people to he b l liptlon l ll il
iimatters that pertaill to th, it( ll try sir
The Triky Politicians, alwiays relly
to organize trobihl'5, il.t who ieier 1p:1- 7 li
ticililte ill daiiger, will he shown IT in
their true ch:i lhters. Bly sublse1rhiiug Co i
llr the Eiot lirer, yli will get a t-ailhfnl nuter
recorl of evrits as they tr:l's iire, with-, i,>ilh
out Paity Coloring :n 50 un, y p.... - the 0
ty feeling.. as the true Merit in a itws- I :
paper is its ability and willingness to t
give the ht tin
NEWS AS IT COMES, their
and noilt s it i.s 1p p4re' d by party I t lel ii h
B O\ll . ll ilByh!! Mlo''i t', or . n
copi l S t ee, dlhil
Ter ts of Subscliption. 'l i''
FOR WEl:. IN. Chi
Adorcss ll ltto to ton 110
Singl , Cincinnati, Ohio. ......... 2 d
Five CoTlies " .. 1 7~tlR, ea i...... 75
Telihe .. I y " .rn....i g (Sun- Ill
Twenty " .. I 50 " -... 00 Ito
ayl eseept)Colat
FOR )AILEYor :
WiAthout Sunday Iess, . iBo h 48 o, C y P.  ,lt'
By Mail, .Ie 'ear...l! ill B " Mail I \,ar A14 toii
Six M l t ... ..... t6 e ,ix olthi .... u.
The.r Months.... 33 T''hrrl* M ilrnthis .. 3.1 h l t
One Mo th ...... .. I 51, One Moith .... I sends
Most liberl terms to ll b cagrirs to. oT:lt
ti ll' specilmlel Copies ald agents' , itlit. oral
uc iAgents wal lted Alt (llry p't-ofice. et 5 i
Address al' letters to at
- Cincinnati, Ohio.
;lole,'t 1,;lri'iy ao'coioopa~oy tllIIi
All :MONTGO IERt BLAIR, Editor.
Published Every Morning (Sun- t sr 11
lays excepted) at il 11
927 D STREET N W., he
Washingto0l, t). C. ty''
RY Io EN RY POl KINION.c - el
AddresR, Box 484, City P. O peel
The UNION is seorved hy icarriters tout
subs!rilersl ot 1 cents e t i r week l Ol' r ot l1 io
cents plli muonth. Single . opies, three l1
S cents I }= Illtail, (poilag pr tlaiod.) il II r
ci let' r in.'-r'tlal i , or i7 l prr year. All t 0ol
sbscriptioills l'itst be paidtat innvi al io gr'
advanee. rt,
S Tih, oNIsN will lie senl't to ''lis at aP1
thte l'at' of ,; t'1i' lear, p lost:l repilldl.) Wil
l llplie  ition.  ti llli' t'ol l th
N.ot"olr l er nloreringvn 1 T:)t0 r wi ll tilto
te slitUpli t tlicf the C st l ra t es. T, he to
money lim.t iii1 riý.'ihly areonlpamay the tll
i i All n'll' k ch'i''i s mlo't t e il i t i'l . Si
PoIrd t iotse ir lCrr s ar 0( jOrifCrl'elI.1
Alless ll. fu1ir Ceats a i ' 1 usl
adhK.Ed to t TR " CTli VEhr li .iTRO-."
TB S~ riiliB YIIIh POST.r
Thich fornliore th nlhl' Denmcrasic dai
las is well knorn all over th.is int distd
Sttioen. If the eins nlis'd ieekly. " thc L
en t o ilr. In a he la ag, ellll of tll' e 'lioill ootl
skedit o'ial. "the iniueoii'st ohrit ·'t sio Inht
i ll too' alishe nt of le this lalpr i r" is aid -
Siew It ' oilno c ttloif t ito icfro ln f.inog r sub
jeichle to the icll, w icih oililst re clt frtIi
ltll fu nso'lotllthe 1,It rflortlts of ad-bio
voArtile eekly, fNrv'nlo alnd w hl'lllol; tlo
niolollS Nic's ; iteur ary toeiewis';it Nis
'utility tonoa the c lli iry at ilyal, anlve to
l creal, ch a utli ort li ti e .'oi le ys
TWPRIME ENOYMENT FOR A YEAR.
Less on receipt ofor Cets a :-cellt talp. Atdre
MAKE IIO. 650 ATTRACTIVE BY INTRO,
SSiloom IIIIIIStr o, Pllalpl, a.
Which bforlore tll 5Nrr years Ias been that e
as is well known all ovaer the United
ecaptionli co
snpwtion oens.o
of
THIE SUN, it
1877 NEW YORK. 1877 rig
- ti
The different editions of THE SUN during
the nextt year will be the same as during the
year that has just passd. '11he daily addition
will on week davs be a sheet of four pages, or
56 broad colunils; while the weekly edition
will he a sheet of eight pages of the same dimneu
sionus and character that are already familiar to Hi
our friends. 1(
TIHE SUN will continue to be the strenuous
advocate of reform and retrenchment, and of
the substitution of statesmanuship. wisdom, and a;
integrity for hollow pretence smhecillty, and C
fraud in the administration of public aflairs. It
will contend for the government of the people
by the people and for the people, as oplrseºd to
government by frauds in the ballot- box and in I
the counting of votes, enforced by military t
violence. It will endeavor to supply its read.
era-a body now not far from a million of souls
-with the most careful. complete, and trust. a
worthy accounts of current events, and will
enploy for this purpose a numerous and care.
fully selected staff of reporters and correspon.
dents. Its reports from Washington. especial
ly, will be full, accurate, and fearless: and it
will doubtless continue to deserve and enjoy
the batted of those who thrive by plundering L(
the Treasury or by uaurliun what the law does
11,0 , v , IIit . 'llil,, it w ill I.zutlii.H ,,r t, t .it
t li i ,I l oiti ' i .It ' f l -ie lhlt
li ti l fbil lt t I' I ti l i ti) re fien
tl e u ejlstiitil e 1pot 1) i
: t in heii iltit `6 51 t va; :. 1pbit pal .1. ,i With
the ,Iulll all i 1 itioni .t!' 101t o tila
1hi" 1 N1 liy l e ,i1w lo < 1..1 pa s.
~1 20 a .l1,e. p,-.t ptll
I 'li e' \  e kli Ni v '. i ht ; :. i fu., bf n ti rle
tu!in nill Ie furl' ll i-hd'i lim itilsu i it t e Irrll\4
, 'I i .iar. ,.t pI d
,I ':lll' ,tI r " ill " ,I ll I. I'li(Ii;ele UI
i i i l'ili u iti ht of ihl .l" th .,'redv ti:: fr, t thel i
hi I, af fu'l r .l .e it e ii t ! . . i tt n ,, -,
i t l tii etic jtho ii to it l t II tit it ' , t i ti it .i
I l i i l, ti, . Ihi I' iijiil l i uiI \ fIlti hlit . t :Ii:re pt.
iti 1ion. w i, hi S ll'b ltl' l l Ilhit ali.l1 c ero.1
i ih , m tis wh i - i.i its ten tit mtl e ,, .ubvrii.
h, I e, 1 1n ilu ril e p iet r t ill li the il e lu ,il toi'elelc ,y
oftilt plciaeli' ltfor hiu l f h ith iout ic1 arie. u AL
- u e ami t 'iii th Or a h' t i It 1ll.ia d . allt. j'(1.
.l tlli n til t I it, i' o tht, shi t ,, h ,i afi ll , llt- lu v of
its ,l iI talnt°. w Vtl 1 . tonti . thi , pIt-1lh." twill
, nvil ,r th1 W\ '.4 klv ,' N Ill, t h .allt".t I ,i'W a .
,pe f 1• 1 , i i- \,t in lah st.
.Adh ,ril. 11II S'S, New York ('iity. . ,
'77 THE PEOPLE'S PAPER'fl
'TII LOISV ILLE' WEEKLY
Courier-Journal
TIhe Oareat 1NRtionil Family Newl paper
c'nilhi ' i nes thi xperi'ltttt , allility and
iiin iterial re'surce of thl'ree' olll-tilli Lou
isvillh li u"' lpers oif national repute
S te lt L iuivii lle' (Curier, L.ouis\iille Jour
S11:1 :i11ii Louisville ) mlrllct rat-anlll is for
to tlite in thile relspect and co·tilt'i ue rel .
stltinig troi nearly halilf ia ientury of
their individuial 1i1di coltilliilled ~,ucess&
a Th'le Weekly C'ouitir-,Jourial is not t
in 11ie're i1st1 hl, tc lli-potc1h thrllrwn froml the
daily welilti ni, hut a: compiillete,. all, spiCe
fliluy i ewtspaper, criefullv and intelli
reitly leditedl ill every coltuil anti para
gripiti.
('lic'e fronl 22, stanllatlld blooltis, or any
ilone Ofit the leieaidig in:agla.zinies or illustra
te t li periodicals tijr a incre littance in
" :Ilhliticon) to the price otf the Courier-Jour
pia l elone.
0t0 PIE1NTICEI' PI'Oi S and the Weekly
Coerier Journai l oi eti yar for t3.!0.
A splendid eljil a) of the Southll, size
2•}xJ'2 inches, hadsoi:inelli.y colored, var
nir. iihe, d iand hl li ir Ol I'Olers, retail price
" i Ii. , will e elietl'tsietld to each ltlltteri.
3, Itr tol thel Weeikly Courier-Jiournial who
1 II sends ats ' .1 I.
ld T'eristi. 2.-1 ai t ,ear, postage paul. Lib.
ell othierslt ti ecllit of i fire ,er more. Spe
ci m c'lti 'olN ill descriiptive l ircular free
tit :til- alddri. . .
tsll inre . V. N ItALDEMAN,
Preun. Colilier-Jolirllal Co., Louisville, Ky
The New york World for 1877 baily,
Scnt-Weekly and Weekly, will he found
to he the cheapest and best newspaper
publishedl in the United States. It will
be ptinted in an improved form with new
tvype upon the best paper, and no expense
or labor will he spared to maintain itin
every department at the highest possible
standard, and to coiullmenll it i all ree
peets to the contidence and approval of
the best classes in the coununity with
out regard to political opinions or relig
ions dillerencte.
It will hla-" efore its readers:
ril NEw. : or Til DAY of all kinds and
1fron all quilartert's, by mail and by tele
gralh. carefully condensed and lucidly
arrainged, pecialattention being givento
t all Conmewrc il, Legal, Finantcial. Social,
and l'olitical Trans:etcions in the City of
New York and the United States.
F.i.r itit irlt's, Reciting and Illustra
Sting all Congrcssional and Legislative
S .'.proceedings at Washin-toin and Albany;
e all Meetings of iinliortanee. Religions,
Literar', ldnucat ional. Scientific a YPo
itical ; all Social Events, gay and grave,
lntd Personal Infornation of iuteree to
thi, publie.
('Ontt :ssI'ONlOr N(xF, expressly prepared.
ifor thi4 Jionrnal Ib; J: pernmaneilt staff of
aecom1pll.hed resident writers at all .en
trn's of interest throughout the world
Lfrl.[ruinv' NElw and: REV\IE-WS, by which
our readers will be kept advised of every
thing worthy of attention in the currentl
Literatire of Tmnope and Anmerica.
t rtitietus of ill notable worksand
Snotices of all mntable events in counction
1 with liswic the Dranma, Painting, Sculp
tllre and all other branches of Art.
'llEitoral Articles upon every subjectof
Spresent interest or importance.
1h For the principles by which The World
to will lie governed i. its discussion and
it treatllelt of the ptblic jLnuestIjns, it will
suliice to say that 'nhe .orll, while con
a ser'ative in polities, desidls the consev
tion only of what is good and wise in our
public iiustitions and no lift-itrtions'upon
the right of private judgmnent and the
aspirations of Reform, save those which
are imlposed bl y prudence dieillum, auit
a rational respect for vested rights and;
for the honest opinions of all classes ad'
sects of mien. While it has labored for.
the principles and hails the triumnph of
the l)cmocratic party as aflordiug Uos
practical plronlise of Rleform in our public
Iadinilmstrations, city, state and national,'
it will not be blindly devoted to the ad
oel va:nccement of any party or any clique.
It will freely canvass the public conduct,
while it will treat with respect theprin
ER vate rights, of Public Men, and it will el
amine fearlessy into the workings of our
led national, state and municipal govern
InS uments.
otl It will inculcate a steadfast reliiM
atunlpon the original principles of our poli
en- tical systemn as the only sound basis of all
r is needed imlporvement therein ; an safalt
The ring devotion to th, Constitnutionltdl
el- the' Union, a scrupulous fidelity tothe
-pirit as well as the letter of our laws,
grit- and a sleepless vigilance in inaintaininl
ealI all the great safegulrads of Civil an
niton Religions Liberty. It will seek to mit
" igate and not to aggravate the evils i
eIn separable from Party Government in e
ins Free Conntry ; to promote good and not
ill feeling amnon our fellm-citzensofall
s to creeds and colors, all sections and ll
sects; and to advance both by its pice
cepts and fby its example the reign of
Reason and of Law over prejudice and
passion in all our public action and i
etc. the discussi(m of all pnblic ath irs.
dress It will do Justice always. to the belst0f
its ability to all men anil to all classes of
II men ; it will recognize no enemies but the
enemies of good mlorals, public order and
Pa. the law; it will endeavor, in a word, to
nr ake its colnmns a terror to evil-doors
n and a praise to thenl that do well.
t we Nor will it lose sight meanwhile of the
sub- great alndl legitilmnate demand of tbhe
reading pulblic for entertainmlent. The
-WORL) will keep Its readers infor.d
of all that is anmsing as well as ofll
that is nmomentons in the movemente sO
so'iety and will spare neither tomtli
nor expensem to provide themn with a .'
877 ried animated and ceurate piccture of lthe
timnes in which we live.
g te TERMS--POSTAGE PREPAID.
dition aily a·' d Sndays, one year. $9.5O
ti six Iont2., $. ; thrine montls, $2.50.
ltuen Daily without Sundays, one yearS
liar to six months, $4.25; three montlis, $2.2
less than three monorths. $1 a montii.
iid The Semi-Weekly World (Tuecdi!
an, nul aFridays)-- Two )Dollars a year. T
,and Club AgeRnts---An extra coipy for clnof
n. It ten: the DI)aily for club of twenty-five.'
se1 The W'ekly World (Wedlneslidays)-0
ntin Dollar a year. To CIub, Agents--Adn e
ilitnrv tra copy for club often; tile Seni-i .%e
a rI lv for club of twenty; the Daily for clSb
jl will Specimenl nnhcmber sent on application.
1 care Trmns.--Cash, invariably in advancO.
rn'aon. All coilimmunications sholhi be aoddtI
anti it ed to THE WORLD,
n Corner Park Row auld leekman trt
law doa j" york.