JAS. II. 4'O;f) iO)VE, 1 E ditor.
NATCHITOCITrHES
SATIURDAY, - - Febrluary 17, I177
Largest (iretlalionl
Of any Country paper in
the State.
Rates of Subscription.
One Year. ......... .... ....... $'2 50
Six Montlso ........ . 1 :,
No sulscription taken for less than 6
Inol t l s.
Advertise.mrnc: ts inserted at the r;ite of
$1..50 per suiHalrn' tie the tfirst insertioi,
and 73 enets ti'r ecalhci .osiý eint o1ne.
Ten lines or less, solid lItrevr er isti
tfite a square, or one hundred words.
Judicial Advertisencnts One Dollar
per hundred words, (erlt:are) lirSt inser
tion, 50i cents for each1 sullscqunt illset'
tion. Payable in advance.
All Transcient Adverti:swrnts pala
1lo ill advillee, ndt .1i1 Advertison-nts
for a less time than 6 months, are Tran
sinllt.
Regular Advertiscments payable quar
terly, in advance.
Advertisers in the Northern ('ities
Mus-r apply to o(r Agents forin' teimns and
contracts, for no attention will he paid.
to applications to us in person from that
section.
AGENTS.
] All orders for Advertising must 1e
contracted with our Ageats.
No attention paid to propositions ex
cept from them.
G.tP. Rowell & Co., New York.
$. M. Pettengill & Co..
Aver &. Son, Plhiladelhia, Penn.
Edwl;vin Alden, Cincinnatti, Ohio.
E. Freshmuan & lBro., "
Ch(ndler, Lord & Co., Chinago, Ill.
Rowell & Chesman, St. Louis, Mo.
W. W. Sharp & Co., 25 Park low,N. Y.
Thos, Mcntvyer, New Orleans, La.
J. Curtis Waldo, "
Newspaper Laws and Regula
tions.
1. Subscribers who do not give express
notice to the contrary, are considered
wishing to continue their subscription.
'2. If subscribers order thle discontimn
ance of their periodicals, the pnllisher
may continue to send them until all ar
rearages are paid.
3. If subscribers neglect or refuse to
take their periodicals from the otihe to
which they are directed, they are held
responsible until they have settled their
bills, and ordered them discontinued.
4. If snbscribers move to other places
without informing the publishers, and
the papers are sent to the former direc
tion, they are held responsible.
5. The courts have decided that "refiu
sing to take periodicals from the office,
or removing and leaving them uncalled
for, is prima facie evidence of intention
al fraud."
6. Any person who receives a newspa
per and makes use of it, whether he has
ordered it or not, he is held hi law to be
a subscriber.
7. If subscribers pay in advance. they
are bound to give notice to the publish
er at the end of their time, if they do
not wish to continue taking it; other
wise the publisher is authorized to send
it on, and the subscribers will be res
ionsible until an express notice, with
payment of all arrears, is sent to the
punblisor
R. LEWIS
SHR EPOR LA.
The New Orleans Democrat has
been enlarged to an eight page
Daily, and is now without doubt
the best newspaper in the South.
As for editorial ability and a plain
out-spoken enunciation of Demo
cratic principles, the Democrat has
no superior and few equals in the
Union. A Louisiana household
is not complete without a Demo.
erat.
TnERE has been no riot either at
Campte or at any other point in this
parish, as "reported at the State
House in New Orleans, and mention
ed by the city press.
Blont, we suppose, is anxious to
return home ad wants troops sent
up to help Breda and himself bully
somebody ; hence the reported riot
at Campte and at this point.
Natchitoches is on her good be
havior, anti will remain so till Pack
ard is recognized as Governor, should
such an unfortunate thing ever occur,
- when riots and rumors of riots will be
in order.
-----0040400 -- -
Tari "Commission" will not stul
Ify itself. Oh! no, Florida and
Louisiana mast be counted the way
they are certified to by the Governor,
but Oregan-it would beat "the par
ty" to stick to principle there, so they
"go behind" the certificate We
think it about time to "go benind"
the next nincompoop who talks of
'fair minded Republicis" and boot
him into an insane asylum.
A Parka to have influence mnast
live upon its merits-and character in
its managers will go a good way in
proving mer it ; but to talk of "thor.
oughbreds" and "scrubs," when one
"runs a newspaper" which lives by
forced contributions from decent peo
ple, is simply impudent. The Tole
grams is respeetfully informed that
when the "'citizens of Natchitoches"
desire "thoroughbreds" the will cer
lainly choose gentlemen-not apolo
gists for robbers and thieves, or fel
lows who have sold birth, blood,
manlood and decency ; in fact, not
suchl a herd as "rau" the Teletramn
er the Tedgrm "runs," it's impossible
to say which.
4 SQUARE -MEA.,FQR FIFTY
StrTsat fa-rdiek'a Bordinag House
The Situation.
Things look quite blue for the snc
cess of the constitutional candlidate
for the Presidency, Tilden. There is 1
no utse disguising that flact, yet there r
is hope e(nolug' to bony us up. r
The Washington correspondence of t
the N. O. IDemocrat, an able and sa
gaciors joun nalist, telegraphs on Fri- t
dly. thi, to his pape'r as follows:
The members of the Tribunal, or at t
Ianst a riajority of them, do niot re
gard the rule as to admission of evi- c
d:-nce in the Florida case a general
rule governing all cases which may t
be submitted' d
Judge Mitler says the understand
ing in tile Tribnnal is that each case
shall be considered and ruled upon Its
nuerits, ilntlpenlentyv of the other t
(enses, and that the metlhol of proce
dire will be made to oirforf tio te he
legal exigencics of cach sep:irate case.
Judge Miller did not specify further,
but I interpreted \~hat he said to t
mean that. the Trihiintal would not
rnle to exclude new testimony in thle
Louiiiana case, if, ron the lresenta
tion of that case h.v corrnsrs.l, it should '`
appear to the Tribunal that the va .
lidity of the ceertifieates could not lhe I
properly tested without such testiomo
ny. f
And later in the day it seems thlat
a coiclusion was reached by the
Tribunal to accept testimony in the
Louisiana case, for the correspondent c
in the evening telegraph"s as follows
When Louisiana is reached the
Tribunal will accept testimny touch
ing the unlawful action of the Re
turning Board. c
Accepting the views of this cor- c
respondent as correct Saturday ; we, c
to-day, Wednesday, without late ad- c
vices do not think the situation as I
hopeless as the dense partisan ruling
of the Tribunal in the Florida case
worild portend. However, we consid
er the out conic of this Commission
as regards its decisions as altogether
speculative-no man can tell to a
certainty what conclusions, what pre
text they may give to decide one way
to day and the reverse to-morrow.
The Latest.
The latest would indicate that our
worst fears have been realized. When
the House surrendered its rights and
priviledges to 8 Republicans and call
ed upon them to decide a political
question, no man of sense expected
them to decide against their party.
On the cowardly North Eastern
Democrat will rest all tile evils, and
they will be greater than war, that
must flow from their action.
Lonisiananians are now expected
to do their duty, and if they have
manhood left them they will now as
sert it, or forever after hold their
tongues and submnit to a rule that
mnst expel virtue from her borders.
Champion Improved BUCK'S
BRILLIANT Stoves. HERN
DON'S PATENT CHURN, and
all lines of HOUSE FURNISH
ING goods at T. Haller's.
The Vernon Legislator.
Bnow. did not take our facetious
remarks kindly. He kicks throngh a
friend named IIHUNT in a most fear
ful manner. A Maltese Jackass
would weep withl envy to hear him
bray. Brown shourld remember that
we but expressed thie opinion of every
decent whrite man, when we said he
acted without shame in taking a seat
in the Returning Board Legislature,
whien he knew that he was heaten,
and that tihe decent world lhas very
little regard for what Brown says or
thinks about it.
As we said last week, it made no
difference in principle whether Brown
was beaten eleven votes or eleven
thousand-fair and hIonest men would
have been satistied with one majori.
ty, but it seems Brown goes on tihe
principle ot the Radicals, that
thie only way to get office; thie only
title to it, is to be counted in by a
villainios Board of villains.
HUNT says he is a "76 Democrat;"
which is a new thiring or party to us i
however, Iunt may be a good fellow,
but at the same time his cause, Brown,
is a poor one. It seems Hunt's Dem
ocracy begins where Packardt's Radi
alism ends; that is, Hnnt, according
to his letter, is not much worse Radi
cal than Packard is Democratic.
Hunt and Brown are a pretty pair
to talk about "r(onservatives" and
"rule or ruin Democrate." Tile man
who is not "red hIrot," whien standing
in the face of the ruin and degreda
tion Packard, Kellogg, and their ne
gro backers have hIeaped npon Louis
iana, is a traitor to principle too con
temptible for notice. We feel assnr
ed that our friends in Vernon, who
love their race and country, will
thrink less even of Brown and Hunt
than they do now, and that will be
hard to do, when they know thlat
Hunt says thie Returning Ioard did
right in counting ont Dr. Smart, and
that Brown endorses IHunt. What a
lucky escape Vernon had when Brown
was beaten.
HERNDON'8 PATENT OHURN
AT T. HALLER'S STOV1 DE
POT.
Wheluever any one says a word
about Conservatives-Potts of the
Mansfield Reporter boils over. Potts
is holding up the Conservative party
in this State by the tail, you see,
PACKARD STior.-At eleven o'clock
Thusday, Packardl was shot while eit
ting in his office and woundedl in the
knee. No clae to thie Brutus who
would aveae hi counatry's wrongs.
Judicial Advertising.
The price to be paid for judicial
advertising seems to be a stumbling
block in the way of our legislators,
and they are no doubt endeavoring to
make, as all men engaged in legisla
tion would, a small fund of political
capital in the way of giant reformers
over this small mite.
We think parties nwho advertise in
the way of Sheriffs and Succession
Sales, &e., &c., should not have dis
criminations made in their favor over
the merchant or other party who
patronise a newspaper. They pay
-1.5') per square, first, and 75 cents
for each strbsequent insertion for all
their transient work. Why should
not the legal advertiser pay the same I
A lawyer pays .1.50 per square for
his earl, but his client advertises in
the same paper for less.
The prise now spoken of, 70 cents
for first and 20 cents for each subse
qu(nt insertion p1er square, is so far
below what would pay a country
paper to do it, that those who desire
its space and circnlation, will be re
fused it on those term.i;.
Our advice is to let the judicial
advertiset pay the same rate for his
work that other mes pay. Nothing
can be fairer than that.
One thing is certain, that 70 and 20
cents will never get an advertisement
in a paper that values its space and
circulation. Those papers which have
character will live without it, and the
State will be full of just such frauds
chlaiming the name of journals as the
Radical printing law gave birth to.
The Iest Churn mtdec--Hcrn
do'lls, at T. Haller's I'n establish
menut.
- ---- --~doC - -
As the Reporter says we are l)emo
cratic hrt not, strict party. The Re
iporter claims to lie c nscrvative but
shows more party feallty than we,
when it insists that the DI)emocratic
majority in the State Senate should
be the judges of the rights of the peo
ple of the 22d Senatorial District.
The question of the justice of the
claims of our people should be sub
nuitted to tIhe decision of that major
ity, no doubt, ; but of our rig/ht to
demand, no one is to judge hut our
selves. We have it that several of
that "major ity" have asked, why Mr.
El:un did not contest at once.
We will never submit to the dictum
of any party or party management on
a question we know to be detrimen
tal to the interest of our peoplo ; nor
will we ever submit our right to de
mand recognition or justice to any
self-constituted "star chamber"''-be
it a "majority of Democratic Sen
ators" or not.
In this, tile journals which are
"democratic to the core" have the ad
vantage of our conservative conteum
pories who move along and say
nothing for fear of giving offence.
The Reporter is equally in error
when commenting on an article from
as written against conservatives.
Democratic government South, as
well as Northl, is a government of
principle and honesty ; a government
wherein the honest, virtuous and in
telligent rule. Kentucky, Virginia,
Georgia, Missorr-i, Tennessee, Ark
ansas, Texas, and other Southern
States Ihave governments which are
"democratic to thIe core,"-whero of
ficial honesty and purity is carried to
thie extent of radicalism. Should Gov.
Nicholls begin to judge men by their
standling of conservatism instead of
1principle, honesty and intelligence,
he will Le in a fair way to innaugu
rate a government which will fail in
all essential particulars.
The Reporter should remember that
conservatism in Louisiana is one
Sthingand in thIe North another. We
have but two parties in this State
Democrats and Radical thieves, ns tIhe
lateHorace Greely put it. Thie Re
porter will certainly agree with us
that there is very little chance to
-"stand between" these two and be
honest.
Our friends of tile Reporter shoulld
endeavor to practice a little of its
sublime semonizing for tile past four
mronths, with which we perfectly
Sagree, and of whnich resistance to
Packard and his croew has been trhe
text.
Friend Potts, you cannot
"Be a Warrior,
And have peace trouble your mind"
and be a timid, on-the-lookout Louis
iana conservative at one and tihe
same time. It looks like Ajax in
1 petty-coats, and we beg of you to let
go thie tail of the "old whig organi
zation."
Wanted to exchange Texas lands
I for Louisiana lands.
J. J. McCooK & BRO.
List ofArrivals at Principal Hotels.
lurgdick's House.
J. E. Messi, Grand Ecore.
Gee. W. Roberts, City.
T. Beck, Fort Jessup, La.
R. B. Claiborne, Louieville, Ky.,
Chas. Petrowick, City.
SJ. T. Attkinson, Parish.
W. F. Partin, Winn Ph. La.
SRev. T. J. Hough & Lady, Colum
bia, La.
Miss Alice Hough, Columbia, La.
Thos, H. Farrell, Parish.
Just received a new lot of wagons
at McCook & Bro.
T, laller's Stove emporium
keeps IeHorudoe's Pateuat Churn,
Tears not Smiles.
The'partisan action of the Electo
ral Comnmisson has rendered our re
Radicals quite felicitous, and they ti
seem to think that with hlayes as r
President they are to be allowed Lou- a
isiana as their prey. c
They sholild lat once disabuse their
minds of anr such fallacy. No such J
thing can or will occur; and happily i,
the real people of this State are at e(
last solidly united in their determina- n
tion to suhnlit no longer. 'I
The future nuder Radical rule we a
know full irell to be the past, and d
that alone %ouild he suflicient to pro- I
yoke resistance, but when the uttel v
impossibility of the majority of the li
people of the State ever being able o
to gain control again, because the fl
villainous lceturnittg Board stands in tl
the way, i: added to t the argment, ni
there will be'found but few, and they ti
of little note, to argue non resistanee. b
State and local Radicals can make n
up their minds to pass through a sea- o
Son of troubles and tribulations which tl
will cause many of their stout (?) e
hearts to quail, and during which o
many-s-ye, thousands will wish they it
had never been born. it
Hilarity at a funeral would be as fI
reslpectable as the joy of Radicals
over Hayes' recognition of Packatrd.
The determination of oar people is
fixed. "Nicholls or Auger," is em
blazoned on our banners.
The former brings peace at once t
the latter, in consumation of his pow- i
cr, means death to the enemies of (
civil liberty in our State; means an i
arclhy, anti the vengeance of long a
pent up suflfering virtue upon the I
Nmord of insulters that have reviled i
iher nianliood. I
...... --,,mD - t-- ...
Furniture of all kinds and a fill I
assortment of Goods at McCoook & t
Bros t
I-- --c----- t
A United States Senatorship. 1
[N. O. lDe1mor1at.]
To the Members of the Senate and t
House of Representatives of the t
State of Louisiana.
Gentlemen -- Your perplexities in
trying to find a suitable canididatl for
the Senate of the United States, one
on whom a majority on joint ballot
can agree as a lit and proer person
to be chosen, excite astonishment in
many, grave apprehliensions in the
more reflecting. It is feared the de
lay may lead to intrigue, unworthy 1
bargainintg, possibly to jobbery. 1
Hitherto we believe public opinion
has given no sign of approval of what
has been attem pted to ble tlone in this i
matter of selecting a Senator for the c
short term ; therefore, to relieve the
General Assembly of its present dead
lock, we noma propose in the stufering
interests of this State to name a can
didate whose past congressional ser- J
vices have been equally valuable to E
the city of New Orleans, his own aec
tion, and the whole State. The gen
tleman we alude to has not beeni con
sulted by us, and will no doubt be
greatly surprised to leal' the use we 1
made of his name ; but hie is a public
man, a nmemnber of the present Con
gress. has attained a high plosition in
it, alike for his urbanity, fine intelli
goene, upright and steady devotion
to the best interests of the country,
and unfaltering anld un wearying uap
Splication to the promotion of the vital
iuterests of Louisiana.
Conspicuously, oexaltedly, honor
ably and uncorruptibly has the Hon.
William M. Levy, the Representative
of whom we speak, perfornled his
Sduties to thie people of New Orleans,
of North Louisiana and of the whole
State, in giving inestimable services
- to tihe promotion of their railroad in-.
Sterests, permitting no opportunity to
escal himn when powerful combina
tions were pressing claims adver-se to
r our future commercial prosperity.
f He battled manfully anid successfully
Sfor the recognition of the New Or
leans Pacific Railway, nas equaslly en
titled as the Texas and Pacific for the
favors of Congress, and to himn pre
eminently will be ldue the credid and
t distinction of completing this con
clusiont, should-as the firienuds of tile
New Orleans Pacific believe and hope
it will-it finally have its construc
tion bonds endorsed by" the National
SGovernment. Who, then, has a bet
ter right to congressional honors and
popular gratitudtle titan this Repre
sentative of the Fourth Congressional
3 District. And wiho more worthily
B can watch over and maintain our rail
road and other vital interests V What
we want now are practical, working,
thinking and clear headed men. Do
Stile members of the General Assem
r bly realize the necessity I
SUFFERING AND EXPECTANT
LOUISIANIANS.
'The above is a communication to
the Democrat and fills the measure of
our wishes here.
Col Wm. M. Levy has rendered the
whole State good service while inn the
House, and no one in tile State could
a better fill tihe position of United
SStates Senator. Justice to the coun
t try parishes at least should deterrumine
our letiislators to elect Col. Levy to
this position-a position unsought
and unsolicited by him. The Via
R dicator first mentioned his name in
connection with the Senate and it as
well as its readers would be gratified
to see the gallant Colonel elected.
Tax STATT Quo remains undis
turbed in our parish. Nothing is be
ing or has been done in the courts
in fact matters in that line are at a
stand still and will be until political
matters are settled.
Gov. NInHOLLS and the legal Leg
islature are moving ahead without
internption. Reform legislation is
being enacted and no one thinks for
a moment that the Governor's rights
will be questioned.
'i? Get your JOB PRLNTIMG
lone at the VDIDICATO Ofice.,
On the Hunt for Excuses,
The tricked Democrats, who sur
rendered their Constitutional rights
to the fair decision of eight partisan ,
republicans, are all on the iunt for C1
an excuse to escape the wrath of their
constituency.
They have finally settled down on
Judge Davis and the Illinois Leg
islature, upon whom they have heap- a
ed and are heaping all the sin of the lit
miserable i I -ju id g e d compromnise. I
This, however, will not be sufficient uw
atonement for their escape from con- M1
demnation. The election of Judge el
D)avis may have been an cefrct, which
Re do not admit, but the grand cause
lies with the craven Democratic maj
ority of tile House. The political h
future of every man who voted for ci
the electoral bill on the Democratic st
aide is sealed. Success might have
toned down the feeling of the masses,
but its utter failure to nieet the de
mand which the precarious situation tl
of the country required, will cover
the progenators, expolnents and mak th
ersof this Electoral Commission with di
opprohium and disgrace, to say noth- tit
ing of the charge of rank idiocy which of
is sure to mect them at every stop in g
future.
SPECIAL BUSINESS IIE\TIO.,
EN'TEIrwrsE always did and always vs
will merit and receive special men- fr
tion. The mark of a successful man
or firm is his or their enterprise. Mc- "
f Cook & Bro., on Washington street, i
in this city, can safely take rank I
anmong the most enterprising of our r`
business men. Their business is con
i ducted on the STRICTLY CASH (
principle and their sales, in conse
quence of the very low prices of all it
I kinds of merchandise, so heavy that C
they can always afford to be cheaper i
than the cheapest. Having secured w
that reputation as well as one for t
best goods at bottom prices, courtesy di
and strict attention to the wants of 1
I their customers, and punctuality in a
u the delivery of goods, McCook & 5u
liro., are determined to keep it up.
Those wishing bargains in anything st
and eieryf!linrg should not fail to give l
t McCook & Bro., a call when visiting
our city. 1
J. H. STEPIE'Ss, ESQ., is a lumber i
man with vein and enterprise. lie r&
has studied closely the wants of the 11
people of this section and has estab
' ti
Slishied Lumber yards to suit tlheir 0'
convenience, where, as well as at his t
mills, he can supply the demand on ti
shoit o rt order. His prices are liberal
and we feel assured hle will meet a n
just reward for his enterprise and 9
spirit. See advertisement for prices t
Mr. R. P. HuTsoa calls attention to
a his first class LIVERY AND FEED e
c STABLE in this week's issue. Mr. t
HIutson is a careful and experienced ,,
Shand with horses, knows their wants,
Sand attends to them. lie h8s HIAcKS
,and BUGGIEs for hire and is always to
prompt in, as well as attentive to his g
1 business. WVe cheerfully recommend
Mr. Hutson to our traveling public n
.and ask for him a share of their
e patronage.
S If any person owing bills for
Swork at my shop pay the same to
Joe Maloney, they do so at their
own risk, for I will not be respon- a
o sible for it.
A. MAYEUR.
A decided change takes place tl
e in Grand Ecore with regard to the 3
Sshipping and receiving of freight.
- The N. O. and Red River trans
e portation Co., have established at
that point a FREE WARE.
I HOUSE, and all freights and cot
tonl consigned to their line will be a
s. tored free of charge to shippers. b
i Mr. Winm. French, a thoroughly o
Scompetent business gentleman,
t has charge of the management of
, the Company's Warehouse at I
o Grand Ecore, and will givi prompt t
as well as satisfactory attention to
I all business entrusted to his care. t
See advertisement.
;o t
S Parties having purchased the ,
right for HERINDON'8S PATTENT I
CHURN, are informed that T. HAL
d LER, Tin and Stove dealer on f
d Washington Street, is prepared 1
. to supply them with Churns com
e plete, on demand.--Ad. r
o ---- ,,--.
t Thile VINDICATOR has no word of I
s. apology to the Reporter; we are not ,
n seeking judgement at that standard, t
is even if it be higher than we. We
d ieflect lut the opinions of our people
when we "intensely abase" Conserva
tives,.
- If any man in Louisiana can review ]
- the frauds, outrages and villainy of
- the Radicals of this State and then
a stand up and talk of "Conservatism," a
wl we can say nothing more to that man;
of him, or about him.
---- -- -~c -- Ii
Mn. J. W. SUDDATn, the popular
it Grand Ecore Warehouse man, is the
is Agent of the PLANTER'S REFORM
ir LINE of Steamers. All business en- 1
ts trusted to this line will receive the
closest attention, and those who de
Ssire to patronize it will find Mr. Sud
Sdath ready at all times to attend to
their wants and furuish information.
All those desiring Job `Work
should bear in i]ind the fact that
the VINDICATOR" Job Oflice is a
complete one, and wortk is done (It
city privce,
ed ---j wieemC-- ---
TinE WE Sewing Machine
Company are suppllliants for public
fators. Se\veral of their Machinles
are in use in our parish and they
have given universal satisfi(etion.
In point of price, durability and
useflulness, we comliend the Weed
Maclhine to the public. See card
elsewhere.
Ever y man, woman and chill at
this season sholtl take I)r. J. Mc
Lean's Streltgth(.ning ('ordial and
Blo,,dI Purifier, Ietause it purifies and
enl iches the blood, gives vigor,
streni;th and vitality to the wholeº
bhod\ andi systtn lDr. II. McLean's
oflice, 314 lchestnit, St. Louis.
At the Charleston Races, the finest
thiroughllreds in tile country are to
be seen, and lilthe colnditioll of the hor
ses is a woiider to i!ll who behohl
them, and it has only rTcenty been
discovereil that they can be kept in
this condition by mixing in the food
of horses a table spooinful of Sii- t
mnous' Liver Regulator. It is also i
given to chickens.
A CI1: io, (('NsI+h'TioN. bI nichitls, a-.tha-.
t111, e( taiill' l. 11hrliat :titll h1:1u lis'lN i 's,. .\AIs a
sltl relief ianll perl lal n'L t tL I II n generalcliti
b hilityv, i vsp. psa ni1 d a1 ll n li 'V  e uIstleictio s,
hv a souple vegetable m h 'deri e, IN hi' h ti 'ed a
venerable missionary l'hysiei:n who va.s loga ]
of kiindred sluat'l' rs with the gr'eatest pssihl (
honetits, aind Ile ul 1w feels it his sa'reI hr istiaI
dity tai ;upart to othin let this wioiderf'uil imig
rinilg ruem~ ,ly, and will mend FLIEE the Brig
giinal recipe c1tuplete, with full diretion;, to
mLIV er4n11 elnVllosing stailp for reliply, Address
1)t. C;LARIK A. R.I, lliNS. Greely Iloctk. Svy
rc'use, N. Y. (P. O Bo x 7i.)
"WADIE IIA M1TON, GoIvEitNitIR O"
Sou'rTl C. 1:Ol.i\.N," is the suilnject of au
exquisite life-size e'igravintg, just piih
lisheid (andl now realy) by our enterpris
ing frieinds, Walker, Evans &. C.ogswell,
Chuarlestnii, S.C. W\e ctigr att]late tl1ese
gentleihien on lthe grand success they
have made of so noble a subject. As a I
work of art it stands unrivtileld. but
still its chief merit lays ill its being a l
tLirtE-eli lportrait. It is the first pro- t
duct, on so ilarge ai scale, of a new and 1
secret process based on photography,
having the advantage of great 'I':T'rl-I
FUEcRSS. As the photograph has snuper.
seiled the oil-painting, becaulse of its ex
act reproduction oft' the si8i)ject, so this
proiess is bound to take the place of t
st.el engraving, or a ny method which 1
dlepends upo, altitiic conception and I
exect:lio, lfor results-we Imean for the
production of portraits. What the peo
ple want inl a portrait is TRU'ru--they do
not wish the tlt ist's conception of a tman, t
but the face and features of lthe man as
he is---and by no imeans can this grand
result be better attained than by the 1
meanis of photography, and this new
process based thereon. But while thet;e
great advantages 'ire secured, it admnits
of the elnbellishlmients of art, and:t a por- 1
trait is produced posses:sing all the truth
fulllness of a plotograph. with the artis
tic ctfect of the steel engraving,. The
publishees have been extremely tfortu
nate ill their selection of the Mo1); by
wI hich they give to all adniircrs of the
great statesmaln tuhe noble, gellnerous,
manly features, which speak so plaiuly
the great mind, elevated feeling, and
gen.-rom heart of Wade }[eHapton.
Tihose who worked fir the grand cause,
"lamlliton and Hoiiie Rule," who have
paid taxes to the govermuent of their
choice, can now p11ieo this picture at
their liresides, as they have placed its
sublject in their Icarts. It must become
one of tIe "PollLtes'' of South Carolina.
Those who synmpathized with this gal
lant little State in the struggle against
ncl tremenldons olddls. will Ibe pleased
Sto have this portrait in their homes---a
glorious memento of a ipeaceable, noele)
effort of a liberty-loving people to re
deemn themselves from oppression and
misrule.
It will be sold by subscnription only, at
$2 per copy.
Agents wanted to canvass every city
and totwn in the land.
""To those who cannot be reached by
agents, the publishers will supply copies
)per until, on the receipt of the price.
We trust that this thoroughly South
ernl enterpris.e will receive the encour
agement it deserves.
Our New Orleans cotemporary, the
Times, agrees with the Vindicator on
the question of abolishing the police
jury system in toto. We advocated
that a month since and suggested the
feasibility of constituting the Justices
of the Peace of each ward as a county
or parish court to do all this work.
There is no greater humbug in the
world than this police jury system
and under it the tax-payers have
been robbed in this State of millions
of dollars.
A letter in the New York Tribune,
published over the date "Ohio, Jan.
13," starts off with the following sen
tence: "1 have from the first been
puzzled to understand wily emigrants
to the Southern States should be
treated as necessarily unworthy ad
venturers, while the same class going
to the Western States are respectful
ly traated and gladly received as
useful accessions to the population.'
But emigrants to the South are NoOT
treated "as necessarily unworthy ad
venturers." Any man who goes South
for the purpose of bettering himself
by engaging in honorable pursuits is
welcomed, and has no cause for com
plaint; it is only political adventu
rers who go South for the real, if not
ostensible, purpose of trading on
politics vwho are not considered de
sirable aceessions to the population,
nor would they be in any section of
the country.
Ma r r i ed.
CAMPBELL-HAMLIN.-At the
Protestant Episcopal Church, on
Tuesday evening, February 13th,
1877, by the Rev. Mr. Attway, J. P.
CAMPBELL ESQ., to Miss LAURA HAII
IsN, daughter of Dr. C. [lamlin. All
of this City. No cards.
Our young friend has culled one of
Natchitoches' fairest, loveliest roses,
and we felicitate him and his bride
upon their happy union. May their
days together be many, and as joyous
as their bridal hour, now that they
hate embarked
"Oa the smooth surface of a Summer's
sea,,
While gentle zephyrs play in prosperous
gales,
And forftne's favors fills the swelling
sails?'
DEC.iION.
New Orleans, Feb. 12.-TIf the
ljousi e standl s poti its r"lihts under
the electoral bill, the case of Iouis.
iallna cannot be re(chledl by the tribu.
nal before r\ednesdayv. It is under.
stood t lhat ('aripenle'r will occulpy the
eyti allewed lle1dto cIIunsel for the
Iln moeratlic side in I5presentlng the
Louisiana c:ase to the trihuual. A
proilinent rlhio 'enuhliean, and
nieibetr of Congress, told me he
knew positively, andl of his ow
knowledge, thait the tribunal would
decide by the sani( old vote, of td
7, not to conidecr any tYstiloOy ill
the Louisiana; case except that Rub.
initted iby the President of the Sen.
ate, which consists simply of two
nakled sets of certificates. He said
they had sonicm difllillty in getting
Gteorge II. lHoar to agree to this pro.
gramnle, but ile was all right, and it
would be puslied through. If the in.
formiation prove true Judges Cifford
and Fiehl will inunediately resign
ir'rmi the comniission. Five Demo.
crats will refuse to take any further
part in the action of the tribunal. It
is believed Carpenter will so present
the record as to compel Judge Brad:
Iey, Senator Ednlmnds and Represent.
alive Hotir to either admit testimony
or squarely stultify their record on'
the subiject of Louisiana during the
ast four years. Carpenter says he
can do this. Tremendous party prees
sure is being brought to bear on
Bhadhly, Eilmnnds and Boar to in
olnce them to preserve the party vote
of 8 to 7 on the question of admitting
evidence in the Louisiana case. It
is understouod Miller has yielded to
party pressure and will vote to reject
all evidence, provided the other thred
mentioned can be bronght into the
traces. It may he stated without re
serve that if the tribunal takes the
same ultra partisan course on Louis:
iana which it took regarding Florida
the result will not be accepted by thb
HIouse and there is no telling what
consequences nlay ensue. Several
laige loopholes have been discovered
in the electoral bill which will soon
become aplparent if the tribunal tries
to shove the Louisiana returning
board down our throats.
TIHE ALLEGED DEMOCRATIC PROGRAM
ME.
WVashinlgtrl, Feb. 10.-The Democrats~
if Judge Brladley to the end votes with
the lepiihlicalis. will so fix it that R. B.
Hayes can never be President. They
hold the whip-hiuid, and mean to use it.
Thle .llectoral Bill provides that objee.
tilns call be made to the vote of any
State, and the Houses shall separate, and
two hour's diebate be allowed ; but it also
provilde that either House may takes
recess to the following day at 10 o'chek.
buit no longer. If Louisiana is given to
Hliayso in spite of all the damning frands
snrrouding it, the evidence will be sufi
cient that the Tribunal has no judicial
but only partisan rulings to make. Lon
ishiaii: is the fourteenth State, and there
will be t.wenty-oiur States to count after
it shall have been decided. It willtake
a week at least for the Tribunal's jndg.
lilenlt uponl it. If the State is sent td
the Tribunal to-morrow, and the arll
imelts begin on Monday. it will be Fria
day, the 1;th, probably, berore bhe deci
sion is reached. If it is unfavorable to
Tilden, the way in opael tor gt. hlAStis
iew clectionl; lald ill this wise: From
the 10th of Fchlritry to tile 4th of lMarch
is sevenlteeil days, within that tim
twenty-tfour States inlust be counted. It
is withiln the lower\ of tlhe louse, nadet
the Electoral Bill, to take a recess eae -
day lluntil the sluccetldilig day, and the
have two hours for deblate additional.
Objection can be inlterposed to each a8We,
and nseventeenl days canll thus be exhaU
ted, with seven States remaining uncouf"
ted on the 4th of M:arch. Under th
Constitutioll. if there is on elcction, bl
the 4th of March, the President of the
Senate becomes the Preseldent: adndnnd
the act of1792 the Secretary of State
issues his proclamatloh for a new electio.
Of course, lltil the following Decemberi
tihe Repulicans would have the Adla
istration i int Tillen would then have
the opportunity to appeal to the peopIe
for his rights. In thus objecting te
Democrats, ofcourse, to gain the nece
sary time, wonld have to object even tO
States that voted for their candiditi
These could, however, be withdrawn af
the day's delay had been accomplish
San Francisco, Feb. O.--Thle Apachbe
Indians are killing and plundering the
citizens of Southeasteru Arizona.
WELL'S DEMAND FOR $200,000 CO'
FIRMED.
New Orleans, Feb, 5.-The followlnd
correspondence took place to-day:
WAsIIINGTON, Feb. 5, 187I.
Dunrcnn F. Keioner, New Orleans:
Wells testified to-day that yon, ofe _
$200,000 to change the vote for Tilden.
E. A. Buva
Niw ORLEAsS, Feb. 5,
E. A. Burke, Washington:
Had 'Wells stated the truth he ahotM
have said he (Wells) asked for oo00p.o
to count the vote of Louisiana as aetnal,
ly cast in tile ballot boxes. I repliedll
did niot have the money. If deemed ui
cessary I can come to Washington.
D. F. KENlER.
R. Q. MnrLs, of Texae, and ?rot
Knott, of Kentucky, appear as Ith
rising men of the South. That o
plri'ssve WtI "-ooo-oz  tie il.n * d
good many "rising geniuses."
FREE
WAElEHOUS$
ED RIVER TIANSPORTATIONCO*
PAN~ have established a WarehoI
at
Grand Ecore, L#
Whore all Freight and Cotton conaigfnl
to their line will stored
Free of Charged
Freight by this line as low as by as
other in the River.
Apply at Grand Ecore to
WM. FRENCH,
Feb. 17---ly. Aged,
BUIST'S CARDEN SEEDP'
A FULL supply will he on hand soo8;"
;Ialo on lin sts adil early rose potal0tV
Ja i.. 13 . C TRIllt,"