lAS. H. COSGROVE, .... Editor.
NATCHITOCHES
SATURDAY - -- - Feb. 27, 1875.
Advertlslug lIttes.
eQ;.tnE£s, t1 e I I
qb f tI e 4 0 $ I5 50 5 ) 0
S ii el 7. 1 I1 I 3 1 5 0t , 2I 0 01 5 00
! squares.-. 100l2 13 0+i 1A ii e5 00 39 0)
.qu aa... 1409 1Si o 2 00 :I1 I) 35 00
=l quare4... 17 ! l ) 01 27 01, 35 0C 41 00
,g rihares... 0 M)i 14 0(1 32 (40 40 0 45 00
s oquares... 2300 27 01' 36 o(1 50 04T 70 0;
* squares... 2600 31 00o 4I1 0l 65 10) pt0 (n
ag!iPf...* .30 00 35 00 50 oo 57 00 105 i00
f palares... 4500 60 00 7) 4i4 1-04 Il 01125 440
_'.i... Q 69,0 0 00 noo 0 1. 5 00 ISO 15000
0 -nlent avertienen.tq tt .50 pwr sIquare nf
i )libtlMJlrovir.. first inaortfon. Each siib.se
tiu aertion 7.',ents per square.
I '5t ill O RFICE is suppli.ed with a
erlbtry of type, andll work in this depart.
ed with aeastueas, and at moder
,,ltin , 'ts R on delivery of work.
,93"- " l' "Rltes of Slubscriptolen.
, . Copy one year.......................00
sC py . i. months.....................2. 00
(Payable I advrance.)
Jo J. Hiorbert, is our .di4ssthori
v4pelling age. ,
I,iNottoo to Contributors.
'Zqo p9lmunications will be published
9"iie accompanied.by the author's real
Bt one aide of the sheet to be
ttn when sent te us for inser
*t t11 io'be short and to the point,
., SII ;'iktr tlStion ;''
.4iPhpieJmeeOr rules and they must b
ictgly Ahered te.
,Ai;!Pamtams to Subscribers.
lIqgI Vai will be' frnished to
rlowing rates.
I,1 I . .0s.. °o..:I. .....3.. 3
41,1 i sbluesiption received for less
"lah 'a mntlis.
,ALL SUBSCilIPTIQNS INVARIABLY IN
Ii '"r¶¢t4fijrnish' to each yearly $ ub
ji ri magullcet Steel EngraisL
*iia24 .tMhes. Now is the time to
Wf~iu O' : ,..
glberuil-e..write to oue.:Editor for
tese I irkidc y offer special
Irý4ds ent,, L :'.
than .I W
0i··
811i hi;
odmt bui:
oi CE·rli;~i~prO I
The 'itiens of the Town of Nat
t6fb whoe f vqr the establie.
,i o a Telegraph line connecting'
fk with New Orleans, are" requested
Smdai~ 4he Temperance Hall, on
onday next, March 1, at 12 x.
--  -,I 4m-----
iAOmIDENWT, TO BART ABLE.
t deservedly popular packet
tyith; t serious accident, on
h.,aet irip up. One of her' eyl
Sbursted ahd she broke her
- The damages foot up the
rb a he vyloss in these
t, en ti business is so
sad *eights so light We
e,. thize witl, oný
( . Sinnott; butknowing
etodicn 1h) sacter :as , wdo, 'we
wairill bes his misfortutne
i~t tat fortitude which becomes
gh° steanboatmpn,' whb
ups .npd downs; in his
sines, sand is 'always prepared
m . them.' Sh-e .ill be at
, on.her reglar day.
Wift:' - SPENT. - ,Attetion is
tth. avertisement of' . Thom
Heuna 6t Co. A good, full-sized
' ". ng Maiehine, with table and
ocomplete for domeetio se, sold
SIThis Is.vory cheap, indeed;
.Attvery thing needed," in every
q° y.'ý"i`qple iisy not be :able to
fad.. a sewing r aehIne, biut
4aIay  sims enough: to getsa -20
die, hiell the advertisement says is
fall to, attend the meeting to
,i,A& Telegraph line' between
.is ~mandm NewOdrslen, eo. Mon
,xf ;e iMarch 1, at 'temperance
'2 anks to the polite Olerkb of
is 8eminole, Bart Able an d
Dradish Johnson, for fies of Noor
rn Westeni and City papers.
i *ou-'our last issue, the rains
' 1 apkrn4 ,T tday, (Thtirz
srnbracing. " We' hoe thatf y
n .z cogntinue tor some
i, in order that planters may
g.'with plouhing; for indeed
ihas been but very little on
soput of the incessant rains.
- e. ii thi, the tuding
qp 94hgijaon4i iti this parish,
tict .`ie news as mn
Ml egas ' g thei attend
. on. Kdb aeit, fotthe
Si W5hbM
D emocracy; Our Only Salva
tion,
Democracy is that form of govern
r. ment in which the supreme power is
lodged in the hands of the people.
It means that and nothing else. Its
great principle are the deep and broad
foundatio;im upon which our grand,
oble, magnificent national struc
ture was reared. Thisis undeniable.
"We, the people of the Unit
ed States, do hereby ordain and es
D tablish &c." Thle people, collective
p' ly, are the authors of its existence.
oo Any government which is not center
no ed in the people, as a whole, must
N be a monarchy, an aristocracy or an
oligarchy. No man versed in the
on history of political parties, in this
o' republic, from the adoption of our
Federal Constitution to the year 1860,
a will deny that every party which en
t* tered the political arena of the na
tion t9 contest for, and obtain, the
privilege of directing the course and
shaping the policy of our govern
ment, professed to he guided by, and
oo to act in accordance with, those prin
ciples, whether that party went by
the name of Whig, American, Repub
i;(lýan or Democratic.
' hose parties differed widely, it is
true; not, however, in the fundamen
tal principles of a true reptiblican
form of government, such a.s.ours
.e was intended to be, but in the under
r standing and application of those
t, principles. The qubstions of nation
al banks,, tariffs, internal imp;ove.
meats, &c., all sprang out of a diver
gence of opinions occasioned by mis
interpretation and misapplication of
those principles by the one party or
0 the other, and also, mainly by a differ
eat construction placed upon the ar;
-3 ticles of our constitution.
2 "What's in a namer" The, great
objection by many to whatever hore
the name of Democracy, arose fromw
confounding men with principloe ;ý in
N taking the shadow for the substance,
. and freo their repu'ginance to car
|tlin individuals whom they looked
;upon as the embodiment of those
principles, and thus strenuoutly op
' osing and denounacng them as bid
or and unsound, because their advocates
Il were personally objeetionable.
We care little to "what party name
  the successful candidate belongs who
is elevated to the Presidential chair
in 1876--provided he be elected by a
party advocating the doctrine of State
rights; the Democratic dogma, that
"The powers not. delegated to the
United States by the Constitution,
nor prohibited by it to the States,
are reserved to. the States respective
Sly, or to the people."
As long as parties remained nation
al in their purpopos, and impartial in
their views, theUnion was safe. But
the moment Co)gress undertook to
legislate for one section of the Union,
to the detriment of the other, then
there was danger ahead, such as Pat
Srick Henry and others foresaw, at an
Searly day. The strife began in 1819,
w- when the Miseolpri coihpromise meas
r ure was first broached, and went on
from bad'to worse, until it culmina
ted in the late civil war.
Were not even the great opponents
of Democracy, Clay ahd Webster,
satisfied with the Uni's as it was?
Were not .their admiration and love
for it intense and deep-rooted Wias
sot the object of their affection and,
Vrenedation that same Union which
Shad grown and strengthened and be
Scome great, powerful, prospereous and
Sglorious, under the fostering eare and
I' guidance of Democratic principles, for
b over seventy years ? Was it not that
Union of whlich Mr. Webster spoke
when he said: "It is to that Union
a we owe our safety at home, and ouar
- consideration and dignity abroad. It
I is to that anion that we are deeply
indebted for:whatever makes as most
I proud of our country. Every year of
its duration has teemed wiih fresh
proofs of its,nutility and its blessingi
and although our territory has stietch
ed out wider and wider, and oar pop- I
ulation spread farther and farther,
they have not outran its protection or
its belieits-it has been to us all a
copious fountain 6f national, social
and personal happiness."
Yet the party who produced such
bene8ficent results has been consider
ed dead, and buried so deep, that
even the remembrance of its glorious
work could never call' it back to life
again. Men change and die, butli
great principles are. immutable rpd
eternal. Had Democracy remtained
in power, there never bould" havey
been a civil war, and the immense i
quantity of blood and treasure apeat
in fraternal strife, would nbt bh' the
aviersal objects of regret n:Uow. 'Is
there an honest and patrideotic old line I
Whig in exiseence, . who would not a i
thousand times prefer the governmnt
of twenty yeats ago, than-the govern2
aeat ofto-dilay.' When was it ever
seen that a Democratic Presidentsat
Jompted to overturn a State govern
ment and drive, by force of biyouets, I
represllentatives out of the legislatures
to which they had been fairly.teced
by their pedple? When was it ejer 1
known that a Democtatic :Colgreas,
obeying the commsadof a Democrat
ldedeat legislated fot ellpnr I
l~en atf the latelllgsnt Cans I
I~n e.,who~qeneilth~ rat~ nai
4r has[M
L- been a President elected by a majori
ty of white voters in the United
States. Facts and figures prove that.
I
is If this great nation "is to endare
much longer as a Repiublic, Indeed ;
if Louisiana, Arkansas and Miasissip
d pi are to become once more free and
sovereign, and be restored to their
original footing of equality with the
other States in the Uniop ; nay, if
the other thirty-five States are to
preserve and maintain themselves as
independent States, and not as con
quered provinces, it muist be- done by
virtue of Democratic principles.
it Democracy is the only salvation for
n all the States in this great eonfedera
ae cy. D
ir A Voice, And Nothing Else.
It is telegraphed by our political
friends in Washington City, that they
Shave had intercourse with the menm
1e bers of the Snb-Copmmittee, bhad thqt
the prospects of a suitable compromise
are very bright. What would be  i
d: iare a'erI I
table, in the premises, i~ au exce.d
ingly open question. That thb
'_ Committee will make a majority roe
port in dhr favor, seems to be the
general op t ;R ! j !t (Qongresar
at the el:eanth ~ahor,, will treat it
with a greater regard than they did
n the report of Foster, Phelis and Pot
e ter, admits ofi ,.ieteoqnXq0ui, bt. We
can have no faith in a; Congies who
e send a Committee h~r; to 'mquire'ii
to the true condition of Louisin;a,
and when apprlped of tlhq ~ealt of
r- their investigation, refusto!.ear the
report read. Being disappointe'fiib
their expectatjons,,they ~eprbv .unwil
Sling that the North as nuld learn th~
real.state of facts, from a source en,
titled to beliefr an ot nnqnestibnable
a thornity. Will tey. doe ~'grj tb~h
that now f With allO r pexiety fo'r
the inal settlementiofouts dlfficulties,
and the briht hio.pes held 9u tri'
f rom.Washiqgtgn, s r,.' ' 1ý y that
we are. still inre4ulpn,
A Congress, why aLeeedeavoring
to theat thleitates' iouE.fflidairk'prf
resentatives .and4 Sa a ti1 b y
Stheir people, by. requiriagie iron
clad oath to be take:b·sythbeti before.
they are allowed their'sdits; whb'
persistently re pid to'~Jct .n.. the
Louisiana question for tw4 :,year
passed, altfough repeatedly urgel by
iGranit to'do so; ,hd 'hve faitd to
a impeach Dnreil 6p account of laii well
t known infamous conduceus -. United
States District Judge*f 'who quietly
look od whilst Stat@e" jeglalaturss are
" broken up and 4ispered b 'e 1
' troops; who epare .and rport a
' bill Clothing t President" with. an.
limited pow . td suspeud 'the writ o$
- habeas corpus, at his own' discretion
I who can quietly hear and ,ppro6
It such a imesages eha thtof. the Excep.
o tive on Arkansas;. we deem. capable
i, of doing anythuing that will keep us
n in oppression, and our enemiec'l
Spower, whether it be right or *,Irpg.
" We earnestly hope, however, that
we are mistaken in our judgment,
-and that:
' "There iare more things ii hieaven and
earth, Horatio,
Than are dreamt of in oun philosophy."
Sitice writing t.p above, yester.
day, (Wednesday) we learn by
' despatchli$dfrmT Ot . l andn
washiiingio City,th ther .is a
. probability that the WheeleiO r om
0 ed all arotsnd. Whether itvwll be
- 'for betteror for' worse, tihwire'l1
I prove.: We hine. not .p~td, tiUt
Sopinion that' no maiterialgood,.zor
r Louisiana, will tessilt fr6iit it. 1,'1
Sstill believe that :a i ". .is
Wheeler; the Kellogg govern
ment the wheel; and the '~hit
t people of Louisiana as so inesuy
Ixions pinned upon it, .by. the
t bonds of that amfa~mig . :•
Pinch Sntff. "'"'"
Morton waa not eloque etnough,
or United States Senatom: too fastidi
osi n to permit thisstar candle of the
'negro party In 'Louisiana, to shine
dl'pon :em ritb the dazzling 1ri!lia,
cy, ofan Afrina siOn. "aou are pret
ty good looking .bat .ean't eomeaia."l
i That was hard, vefy hard bioa Pineb,
- to be thast 4uietgir A)'jteti: anid laid
I upon the table, and tesAiad out that
S"had he been a white man, the .adi'h
eals would have fgreed hlit Ilnt hibtl
e.at long ago." 'Tha$ i radiil
I wrong. le. tried $tosmuggle uirs·n
I self ina; to hr .himself. i; to billTi i
himnself io; but the Senate eoll.ndst
Iee it: 2Tltey couldi not mIsderstaj 41
why (at sand political' ~q'tyi iv sJ
good for th, citizens f the South and 4
eqnuall"good for Unitl States .Seats. I
Stor. I is a very lnice thig afar oZ I
tco,qlosq proximity., Foo ppbok ppfiti
cal legensnain,, "distance ledres-i
ehbantmeat ito the view' .·Bdides,
graso 8eioatois ,eet nqtb~ mIstakcE
br voluptous eox d pi
tial to spatmplhee. Of tweet muisk.
Tb.e tacts ot E'.l bedes. it. at '
- ues ouabie crateor ia t .
tes a legitle p :8qnatoff;By > elat nae,u i
coldr and 13odo03 5 46mitiW ratest 1
Psee ak peSt, wedocei;thuii. epa
';d8aw:~indwpjiing ~JC~k: Enba
i- A Promise Kept.
d We pledged ourselves, two weeks
' ago, to show up the character of one
e Iaford Blunt, a mulatto, who claims
Sto be Senator from this parish, and
also a minister of the gospel, as soon
as we had the opportunity to do so.
It is now at hand, before us in a aten
e ographic report of his testimony be
fore the Congressional Committee, in
o0 ew Orleans.
lie testifies that on the 25th of
July last, when the Radicals held a
Convention in this city, the whites
held a meeting in the Firemen's Hall.
"They were all armed." To the
question propounded by Mr. Marshall,
how did he know that? He answer
ed that he: could see them through
the window. Granting that lie did
kl look through the window ; from where
he stood in the Court House, he could
have seen but five or six persons at
It most-yet he says they were all armed,
and that "he understood they were
i-. bere for'the purpose of assassinating
the delegates of that convention who
shouldnomidate candidates for Dis
trict.- Ju4ge, and Parish Attorney."
That is a base slander and an infa
mealli&d 4Every white mas..knew
it thatMere 'Was no proclamation for
d sa eittion' to those offices, for the
benefit of Hungry Cur Myers, and
that tbere `'ould be no nomination
o 'made therefor, by the Radicals. There
was, therefore, no necessity of any
killing for that reason. It is evident
to any one who reads his testimony,
th,t he is capable of understanding
b but one thing; to tell anything but
the t ruth, and yet he is a minister of
God I. He states further, that "the
. Committee of Seventy dad examined
e his publio acts and found nothing
worthy of complaint against him;"
that shortly before the election,the
Republicans held a mass meeting,
that one matn drew a pistol on anotmh
er, lie .Was afraid there would be a
feos, he went right through the crowd
and Democrats came running out
With shot guns and pistols;" yet they
didn't kill the villaint That "up t.o
June last, I think there was not a
gentleman in that place, if I had ask
ed hit to loan me five hundred or a
thousand dollars, without my note, I
A don't think he would have refused
;me.." Why ! that is 'more than .the
whites would do for their own race.
i1 And yet, this persecuted Parson,
against whom nothing wrong was
found; who, went right through a
crowd when Democrats came rushing
Siot 'With shot guns and revolvers
ph. could, up to last June, borrow
large sums of money from the whites,
'ldas easily as' rolling off a log," when
Sthe whites cannot do it, in many in
stances, with the best of guilt-edge
paiper; this honest, brave, piirse
Sbolder of the whites, declares upeon
oath, that he cannot say how many
ties he iad to escape from his honse;
.' I did not sleep ini my house after the
t s. of Septemibr." It is very strange;
and yet he took no part in the cam
psimitn so be says.
Sjis jis only the beginning of our
, exposure of'' tids yellow-monthed
scnadrel. 'We will' attend to his
case every week, until we get through
I with his perjured statement., from,
I beginning to end .
i W now proeed to expose the do
angpg.of this liar in ,this Parish )ipu
vious to the month of June, rwheu he
:says thati the feelings of the two ra~
S'eisere, were peaceable and friendly.
. .lvery man, w~tmite and black,. in t+is
eity, and hundreds of negroes in thi1
country, know thit thi' minister ok
Sth6 go.pel (1: went defiantly :throngh
~oistreets, very oftei,' iin commiid
and at the head of a cavalry of armed
dd olotedtne; that he himself, for a
Slout'itne during that period of peace
Sajl iriendly ,feqings he speaks of,
beotween the race, never rode out
without his double-barrelled shot gnn
1:k his hand, and sack of amenition
Sslung on his shoulder, wheni his pur.
•pose was not to enjoy the pleasures of
hlinting. We also state, apon relia.
hle ditthority of eaciouas,. colored
won, that this minister (t) of' Him
who enjolsed, "whom God hath join"
ed together, let .o wua put asuander,"
advised colored wives to leave their
husbands if they joined or voted
with the Democrate. Thuss making
conjugal peace and harmony depend
upon the complexion of politieal prin
Sciples; and forcing a man, either to
see himself fonrsaken by the wife of
his heart, or exercia his rlghts oef
iitisenship contrary to his will, iln.
linatmton and judgment, and become
a bad citizen.
Sregret that we have been obli;
iedo handlleuch a dirty, charactet.
less, unprincipled, lying negro as this
=Blnta. Nothing short ,of the sdtyti
iwe owe to our people, of clariOng.
them .of his ealumnious aspersions,
corld hIve.indncid as toltouch bhi..
.We lave ndev6' been for the sbed,
i.ip5 of hPuan is 148o , 'except in cas
s t ~ef defeam o, of legitimatq
war'; saPile bipe that *or people
lbh thlkloe trialqr th re , n ewuudw 1
goin, whatever be the. p ro~ tmpas
sad w reuphaslpmapn feahms, will
riutly obsdbt~ 4h vhltues of agr4
fitddipa~UetwuSu usqiso t th
- srhtgslliit mose iasn ha.;
man nature can bear, and the people
in their uncontrollable rage and mad
ness, bring to deserved punishment
the authors of all their unnumbered
1 woes; in the name of all that is right
and just, and proper, and holy, let
this fiend's neck be among the first
ones broken."
--"--- -,I 9D,4m,
One Hell at a Time.
That was considered sufficient for
all roasting purposes of that portion
of the lh~pn race who deserved
eternal punis~jIpt, by that All-Wise
and Infinitely Jiist Being, who creat
ed but one. We must earnestly pro
test against having another added to
the one we are already enduring in
the State of Louisiana. Cursed, rob
1 bed and ruined by innumerable hosts
of Radical carpet-bag-s c a I a w a g
thieves and villains, white and black;
t deprived of all rights and justice, by
an usurping government foisted upon
us to grind as into dust; driven right
and left, with bayonets at our backs,
by the subsidized janizaries of a mil
itary dictator; turned over and over
r, on the Radical gridiron to be thoroug
. ly broiled, to gratify partisan hatreil
, and increase the ambitious gratifica.
r tion of one man, is more than our pa
B tience, forbearance, fortitude and
I strength of 'minds and bodies are
n able to stand.
B " We own a rich and fertile soil, car
pablo of sustaining and enriching a
t population five times as. great as the
one we possess; a climate second to
none and suitable to the growth of all
t products which' tend to make humain
f life a blessing; untold nuinbers of
acres lying,:uneiltivated and deso
late, invithi"'''ther Band , of enmi a
tion and additiourl industry to make
a them as aireeable and delightful as a
Sblooming garden. We need and in
vite emigration,, and desire to see, our
State densely peopled with an hon
est, plodding, unprejudiced ebhristian
1 yeomanry. We want none of that
t spiteful, selfish, intoleraht' despica
t ble race of New England, who fled
from oppression to oppress in turn;
L and who believe that everything is a
legitimate obj~ct of barter, provided
Sit brings maoney, whether it be honor,
principle, rep3tation, virtue, or wood
I en nutmegs. We will, welcome thesm
as acceptable citisens, and co-work.
ers in building up the wealth and
prospeity e our conmmonwealth, pro
vided they castoff their Southern-ha
tred, intolerant spirit) and vicious
praeties before they reach here.
Above all, we want no importation of
their corrupting, disgusting and do
praved tast for prnirient literature.
We are not at all desirous of propa
gating the breed of Tiltons and
Beechers, within .onr 'borders--we
Swant no ltizens who practiea the art
of seducing virtue, from the path of
Iduty, atthe sametime that they are
Swriting a life of Christ, "and preach
ing t&ibins of mistresses from their
Ipulpits, every Sunday." Our popu
. lation is already sau8ieiently cursed
with tihe unbridled animal propensi
r ties of an inferior race. If that is
I the sort of New England farmers
, whom the New Orleans corresponlent
I of the Boston Commonwealth is h..
I viting to colonize Louisiana, we walt
none of then.- QOne hellat a time, if
you please.
Anothe Etadical Light Put Onut.
The notoriouanegroWilliam Ward,
who was the main instigator of the
bloody conflict, at (olfax, in 1873,
been4ie ntjaeqtlyzexpelled frha
the Blaick and Tan Rump holding
forth in Serw Orleaos. Dyuak and
armed for "business"' he was resolved
to show the Hahn crew that h' "was
not afraid" ail wounld give them a
lttle merry I-4 ft thldy,8Ia't let him
have his own way. He asneeeded
about as well as Sheridan with his
"banditti."
It leaked out in the cuarse of the
yelliing, on' his exputslon, that after
all, Ward was a very bad man; thatI
be was thbe cuse of all te iriubles
to Grant; was a thief, a hilhway rob?
her, a barglar, an ineendiny, and a
murderer. One of the kIoks vehe
mently albsaerve "that ngger must
be froze eat at onee"-An; d he was
"frede out." Pretty godd work in
one week. Pinhobback talledi Ward
dished! Go it ye "bully buPg." If
Congress sets properly m the Sub.
Committee's majority iport, thq
radical feast may be aelously dis
turbed iu.Luisiana. -
DEATH WOULD Bif IfPOSSIBLE I I
the :preelamations of due alcohoelic
nostram-uhoagers wer. true. Batt
alas! their terrible euitanits send
thousands staggering la the grae.
Instead of adding fuel 'to the l of I
disease with such deadly eomlpounnds
try the .lg, renotating, purify- .
lug, anhd' regulating eftt of that in- .
estimable combipatio of herbal jui. 1
ces and extracts, Dr. Walker's Cali
forula VThegar itters-the sole spe
cific for Dpspepsia,flaysicalDebility, j
Headache, Billions Colic, Liver Comn
plaints, Gout, Rhamatism, and '
Schronic costipatioa I
....ab tow h.#b,, g I-dhe
&I)·
lý'Ur- ir~s t $staida;ýb i
T law, are Bler, Jow r
In 1 t
MmkM; `B·
le Latest.
New Orleans, Feb. 23.-Canru, adjo,urn
it ed to-day. without final action on the
tWheeler comlproumiise. It will prohtably
he decided to-morrow. The result ik
it very doubtfil. Many leading democrats
t iIn -ashington favor the propositio!n.
The Caddo dcegation will Ijpulably vot.
t against it. P. J, T.
ACCI'(ITEI.
New Orleans, Febl. 23-This evening
Gov. Kellogg received a t-el.grait from
U1nit ,d States :Mars5'hal I'tlkai1rd, now in
)r Wahington, sbtting that the 1o41l.ro0
u, nUi proopositionl snbmitted 1y v 'mngo'~ ss
man Win., lr, hait1 ,.eet! accepted hy
Me: srs. Ilturke :'ul .L'onarld, reorester tig
a the LouisJiana. 4;e'servatives. liimila
information was telegraphed to the con
tsrvative ( cai( ons- in s~,ictn here. It is
,preobil .that t he .Whele º'roposit io,
to will be accepted ttfo-inolrow. ro-ight a
pimjority of the members expressted thur
h salves in favor of it. Kellogg is exc·red
Singly anxious that some plan of .adjust
ts mentbe agreed upon before Congress ad
journs.
g Wuashington. Febl. 23.-As the result of
a coloquy. between miembers a.to which
was the majority report and which the
v mliority repors, it . may be,.stated that
n all the members of the conmmittee. report
against the action of the returning board;
Sthlat Messrs. Foster, Phelps, Pottar and
s, Marshall unite iiua majority report that
there was no geueral iutimidatiou in the
state but a free and fair election, which
)r resulted in favor of the constrrvatives,
who were deprived of the result by the
wrongfil actiotu of the retaning board.
Messis. Hoar, Wheeler and Frye united in
I. a minority report, and that Foster assents
with Hoar, Wheeler and Frye to a com
promise to -aecognite Kellogg as Govern
or and giving the majority in the House
e to the conservatives.
Card of Thanks.
a The thanks of the people of Camptl
are da e to C. L. Walmsley, Esq., of
e the firm of C. L. Walmsley & Co.
9 New Qrleans, f fr a liberal contribu
11 tion in their behalf for the erection of
n a mueth-heeded school house in their
i place.
We presumni'our citizens generally
will remember the proverb : "A fricn4l
- in need is a friend indeed," anil is
'e their ' nslness ind li~tins in the city,
shmowjan aplpreciative. regard for the
claims of a house, whi , afflirs ar*
- safely:guided by (hirs lieral gentles
tr mo* ahd populr thief,
n Another Reason Why President
t Grant Oughtto RBIgR.
The: resignation o a public ;.pfice
is always presusied tto boe Av1untary
act, and the reasonrsifr such a step
a are founded-e.n -Ii j private conve.
nience orinclipatihin or address them,4
selves to his sense of public duty. We
' prefer to pre~ent gonaiderations which
V ought'to have weight- with a eon=
n scientious.fonetionary: who subordi4
nates 'individual emolument to thd
public +weJfare.. , It is on this high
ground. that-we again ask -the- atten
tion ofis HiExcellency to the benefits
- which would accrue. to the coqutr$
is by his volntlWy r`tirameut to" prlvate
life. Such a line ofargument assaimes
that His Excellency does not belhg
I to the- vulg tir tit of ,fl8ce-lovuag
- politicians:and traiders in public trusts
, It asgumes that he Is a patriot, a man
of high sense of political honor, 4
citizen-who-heii llhes a grateful sense
a of the dj tinguished marks of esteenr
e whhjliave been bestowed on him by
t the country, and especiidly by the
i repdblican party. He owes it to the
great but decaying party which has
so highly honored and so stanchly
- supported him not to stand i the way
r of its success, when his retirement
Swouald bring Vie President Wilson
to the head of the governmaent and
d harmonize the party. If he admlits
i. that he is under any obligatieon to the
lis oountay he should stanod asid- for a
, republican successeor whioe wise and
conelliat6ry policy would give effect
Sto that patriotic desire for "peace'"
Sexpressed by General Grant in hi4
letter accepting his first noumiastioun
f1stir d of "peae his adlidstratto
has. brough increasing elements eo
disturbance.,. The :eondition of th
South, politically, econotmeally,.an4
socially, -compares un favorably 'witl
its conditioh at. tih~ 'date of his first
_Inaugauttio...-- He- has btkohit the
business of the coauur. to stugnation,
the uational Treasury to the verge of
bankraptcy,'aid lis ridueed'his par
ty .from a ,Vitorious ,d saeminl
SInvlcl;le 'maNqjority~ to a humiliatin
I aiuloorlty nineaidesof the stjttes tha¶
Shaive recinty beold eleeolioi -'Thq
induastriesof tim ountry, the ttan
quillity of the South, the eondition of
the treasuary d-the prospectrs-itje i '
Srepublican proty are wdiltait f,
I what we expected from Presideat
Grant, that even he must perceiv4
that his admdJulstration is a political
failtare; and by the sound tale of
judginga.tree yitSi fruits he ought
Sto see that his p oih y hs been a stu.
.pe.dousamistake.- . -,
All this was apparent whena the
Herald- tOa mg. upon him the
duty of resining. His Excellencyl
every day ad new reasons in sup
port ofour sugigestion. The publie
miht almost suppose he had a secret
understakndnlog with us for oar recom, I
meodation and amaking it universally I
popular. After his military interfer
ence with the Louislana Leglatue, i
for which he partially apolo d in
a Message to Congre he forthwith
sent troops to Vicksburg to decide a* 4
quertion'.which belogei to ithe State i
co'urtsand w, in equal dqlance of I
Ilaw, hehas proclaimed Brioks Gov.
ereor of Ailidnsas anlliaijtlledu Ms i
intentie . staipalhim i-ofolee by
military frei1 dul, sCongres~ 'posi
tively forbids him. The effect of his i
astonishing Arkaias Message on I
publio opinion mpy be seen in the 2
copious exetacta which we give to
day frou.the pre, pf bdth daliti ai
pa'tleas The Troy Thea, one dof the
mqetloyal f republican organ, as, says,
"the President hasn erred." Thet
Springfield Republican says, ':no won
ider thlat such astute politicians as.
Henry Wileon are ,wringing their
hands " The Utica -,ieral4 the
leading r pnihiit rsr a s, of ,4
tral Neiw Yolk, edited by a distia
guished republican member of Camn
greaes, sep, "we cannot conceal our
surprise that the President should t
have felt called upon to issue this a
Message."- The repubtlep gPt pq
bles." TIhe Pilliderllis Teegraph; t
also rapqlt i t'ii mot de; i
roouliftd be hoplied tit tongress will i
noD& ~bst ua&4 persist- in dri ing d
th t. ~ ,ulikta rt to rfn,, p. to Ic
thing reeemhbl It, tWouldo ever ho ae
used by republican jourals toward l
Mr. Wilson if he wereo resi
replilil'an believes that Mr. Wil
could wnake mistakes callin, for s
strong expression of eoesure y
alarm by journals that advocated bi
election. All these extractsa
. therefore, a virtual, tthough nt a fo
rmal indorsrlant, of the lierald's .
advice to His Excellency to give plaq
to a repuhlicon s:tccessor who cnjo'g
g the confidence of the party. The e.
n publican jonunails do not desire ,
n continuancein t!tice if a Pres81i
whose conrdect and policy they am
ashamned to advocate and cannotm.
gThe straI-re Arka',nsag Mesaage .
accountable even from Grant, m-a
intensify the: re)ntblicaf regret tQ~
N x. Wilson is trot at the head of til
a government. Ilis Ecoelleincy. s
º- to have lost his memuorS, beside. !
I- dicating nafthe elainis he ever hd
t-common scose. It is incceivabs
that any man who had not hopeleal
lost his wits; it is astonishing ,
h any man optside the walls of anp m.
Slum for lunatics, could have seat t
t Congress a Message which soa
t demos and repudiates his own rau
I; policy respecting affairs in Arkal,
SIn 1872 Brooks ran on the Gag.
tticket and Baxter on the Grant tick
The Grant party-in that State -
ed Brooksi at and Baxter in, wj
the President': ' implied
. Brooks has. sinie changed fenat m.
n become a iupporter of GlaS _
s for no other reason known to tw
c- public, His excelleny has also
. ed front, and againata ,y 4
s day that Brooks .was eect
did he. not make this discovery -
than two-years ago, when the ret.ý
of that election were ias accesdit
they are at present It is. scan
if' for the President t clhange his
ion on such a point for no othg
cernible reason than that the
S.caudidate, who twas countedon.
Sturined his politic4l coat and bqo
a up ort4r of Gr, t,. iaa tms w
" flig aofffe ieekkr's' deeog f'
, snpin it hds uitse anilrtel'
votesa deifr eiu 10B71 h
atills n sot, , irk 1tre
not have made this late
Saf Brookft:hiei-oAngk~pya s t
May, General Grant i48ed rali
ahon; fn thit .t he ase Jtes';i1'
of Baxter ado defi4;rAt r ~f ; as
to the Goveruorship&,.. q.io rgi
pat .forth hia tt,·r r
isond, and satisfied the e .
Thrat argtunt wu'aobudidr.osj
a vision of- thie -Arpanss aon
S'which makestth6 General liisl
of the 'State-.the fina i
e etlelon of State ofIiersjm;,ki '
e fact that tl sie ibunal ofa
IG in such cases h*i4 ectirs$d t.ati,
4 ter twas legally elted da aS s
4 clsto~iforecloseid controversy oa IM
-~ iiject,, and the P e i fidoiat i
I ad'iset d byMi k IAtl uey OGene Sl
mie the'epinion.f ihtat o ,Iil.V
Sba sis of Ais: pwelamatio, .tip.
a 4upotlrm, which all politichal
approved at the time, the
a use. s-fan wgea :-"Wh
q ElihBailter has been d.`"
q elected by tIhe GeAerl Au d
i said State, as priovided in WId .
atittlondMreof, abd hls for e t
4 peliqd been earcising the fhonds
Sof afido 6 , into which lie wiaU.
dactsd acording to th-..ema
sand lawaof said'Stte, and sf[
a it" cittzen .bo hsldered tiha
m ful Executiviit he~eof." It is sm
s that, ntir such a pr~launta
. recent and so well lresemb
' President should publicly."
back upon ailmself"nrda delar tht
a Brooks is the. rightful ~Gsiw.
S hii has wronught this w- igl
a change? How did the Presidel a-.
qube autherfty to ret*ew and llgi
Sthe decision.of the General4qsh,
I which rlhe State constitution l
[ thle fdalhaljge'in plch ;hieelt~
Sif the new Arkansas constitnslh
i void, as the President oanifL
Sbound himself4lh his May pr .
l ation, to support Baxter an up
diate Idois.- The recent Meuq.
ogsappred with the May p
[ stance o+ 6f -e;tethltic M -'i~k
t fpauundl in the official records eo a
Sgovernmeint. 'It.nnot be dotli
relief .oa the. resignuias el4iti
President, nor tlhat ties.llp
-tealhaili aitiaelnm
slhbtitatiea for a PresiB ntwh
°Ly defielplM opinte
The Crine A·gainbsh.al
The proofs aco;i t
energies.of t4a) . in powermsb
be beqt.ioque ,tirection for tImei
sideatiidal' es gu' of 1876, d
aoe.rdlhg to Senator Conkliag,
Sopened wrtbhthe Loitieaas; " debdli
the Senate. Evterytbiig pbint S
concentrat olf e fure. uabLm
egramme inulicated by th e2l ,C
few days since. .. .
The passion. wasfae wre
rekidled, sectional almealmt~'ei9
upon hppeans to Pfeji--lie . sw Q- -u
menatse&ressead , not"r
t passion. Indeed, what .
mains9 The ,cpaigu Pp
andthi party Iiist enter opoauij
weapes, of-, im) 4 ,I
kBnd pof itlcl"asne. '
There is no other resowree. T
they cannot carry tIls gqnuatry aph
upon the brilliant record of the pit
from 1860 to 1815 is manifest te i
most earelhes observer. Too a
has happened since then for wvii
the pitty is responsible to wiIh
annot "point with pride." ?To'
the eoontry upon the recnl.
made in the management of-
finances of the country. woald'b~i
ta.
SA prostrate. conmmetee aU
busnuess, contiunal depresusieml
distress, an un1ettled eurrene7
the -iopeless divisions in the per~
upoa questions portaining therei
all.forbid any dspoutratioa i-.
Equally weak would be any.ppos
to the people to suishiiU ti paert
upon tihe merits of its reponstreatei
policy. The faet that only in the ie
constructed States which have thrmto
off the yoke of thli Administrateon m
them ang'.ng like proslperity
paee--theoteliers being plunder'
like SoothCaroliua or kept in dirit
der like LouisiIRa--woqgit be oi
elusive saginSt thei. "
relt of two yMars of RY"
istobid rtheir maalkiusJp
claii apon theeori, of heesty;J '
condition of the TreasUry 5sres
abruptly their professions of retreach"