JAiN. II. C~OS'ROVE, .... Editor.
rNATCHITOCHES
rATURDAY - - - - Jan. 23, 1875.
Adrcrtising lHates.
-o:
Iheqass 5 a a i ?
I ,qn-r- .... S 4 t, $6 50 110 0 , 415 10 f20 00
2 agnates... 7 9Il 10 IC I ((i111 ; 2 t 25 010
3 lqul"as... 10o0i 13 ml 18 00 5 00l 31 0o
4 aqiluaro... I 1J 1OIl 00 ! Oil :tI Oil :35 0
5 qallrets.... 170il S21 00 27 00 35 (ll 0 )00
t iunnaro... 2I W l 24 00 3t lI 40 I 45 10)
7 squnreo... 1ll i 7 00 :l 01 5I1 0I 70 011
P s14a1real... ^l; 0) 3i' O1) 4) 00 65 ill (w 0 11
11) squares... :3I 10, 35 0l 5,I 01 57 It' 115 IN)
15 cquiares... 45111 li0t Ini) 70 l 100 0115 (N)
20I sq:larel... 6) 11n 1 t ) O O I9 001)125 On 15 0 i11
Transient advertivernmnts 41.50 per square of
10 lin.n frnrier. first inertion. Each subse
qulnt insertin 75 crents per square.
ITlR .OB -OFF1ICE is sllpplied with a
great variety of typo, and work in this depart.
wnent performed with neatness and at t3nder
ato pri'tes.
Terms, CAMIE on delivery of work.
Rntes of yubleriptiou.
One Copy ono year.........................3 *
One Copy six months ................ ..2 0)
(Payable in advance.)
Notice to Contributors.
Xo cnmmunications will be punlhlishe,
unless aromplanied by the anthor's real
name. But one side of ithe sheet to he
written upon when sent to us for inser
tion.
'Articles to he short and to the point,
to have nttention.
These are our rules and they must be
strictly adheredl to.
Premiums to Subscribers.
The Vinudicator will be furnished to
subscribers at the following rates.
1 year........................ $3
6 mos.............................. es
No subscription received for less
than six months.
ALL SUBSCRIPTIONS INVARIABLY IN
ADVANCE.
We will furnish to each yearly sub
scriber a magnificent Steel Engraving
19x24 inches. Now -is the time to
subscribe--write to our Editor for
Club rates, in which we offer special
inducements.
MASS MEETING,
The citizens of Natchitoches parish
are invited to attend a Mass meeting,
to be holden in this city on Wednes
day, February 3d, 1875, to take into
consideration the formation of courts
of arbitration, to protect life and
property.
P. A. Morse, C. F. Drangnet,
R. E. Burke, D. Pierson,
J. 11. Cosgrove, M. H. Carver,
R. W. Taylor, C. L. Walmsley,
W. A. Ponder, and others.
To Correspondents.
Communications to Growler, re
ceived to late for insertion.
We have no space to accomodate
"Painter." The ideas are good, but
we think the language superfluous.
Our fellow townsman, John Genoe,
met with a serious accident last week
by being thrown from his horse.
The river is rising rapidly. Old
Cane has put in a red appearance and
the trans-Caneites will soon have
to foot ferriage bills. Peter Venleman
begins to smile.
Owing to the almost impassible
condition of the roads in the interior,
the receipts of cotton has fallen off
amazingly. It takes two yoke of oxen
and a mule to hawl out ajug of whis
ky gnd the whisky must be "skin
compressed."
Loafers and small boys anxiously
look for the advent of the packet at
our.wharf. They have been out of
employment sometime and trembling
ly await "a city paper."
Cold and dreary weather for the
past week. Highways and byways
almost impassible.
Country produce comes in slowly
and meets with ready sale at ad
vanced prices.
One of Sheridan's pets beat a horse
of Mr. Sam Parson to death last Tues
day. Put that down to the credit of
the White League Mr. Grant.
See prospectus of VINDICATOa and
do not fail to subscribe. Only $3 per
year and yenou get the livre paper and a
beanutiful steel engraving.
We refer our readers to the adver
tisemnent of the Scientific American in
to-day's issne. The character of this
publication is well known to nearly
every one and should have the sup
port of every family in our parish, as
it contains information useful to all,
The prospectus of that fearless de
fender of the liberties and rights of
American citizens, The Sus, is pub
lished in to-day's issue. Let numn
bers be added to its already large cir
culation in this parish.
Our thanks are tendered the gentle
manly officers of the Era 10 for kind
favors.
Compromise.
We learn from late dates from our
capitol, that this subterfuge of de
signing men-this last ditch of wrong
against right, is again being offered
our people, and judging from the
tone of our city'journals, we are hap
py to see that the question of com
promise is spurned with contempt,
as it should be by every honest man
in Louisiana. The last otTers from
Kellogg follows swift upon the blow
dealt him by his partisans in their has
ty action in electing, or re-electing
Pinchback to the IT. S. Senate. He
proposes to re admit the legally eon
stit'lted lHouse under Speaker Wiltz,
to its legitimate functionus, prorided
he, Ketllogg, is not disturbed in his
official positionl. We simply phlaee
ourselves to be dealt with, if jiust
ImeasrMns are t'ntcted--m e a s5 i r e s
which look to the good of our people
and the welfare of the State, as we
were on the 4th inst., and we go fur
ther, we acknowledge what his own
people have repudnated by their ac
tion in the election of a Senator, the
legality of the ustlrpaltion, and the
validity of all the frauds and outra
ges it has committed. Having im
plicit confidlence in our fellow-citi
zens who are now representing us in
New Orleans, and leaving aside the
questions of honor involved in this
concession, not to say anything of
the loss of respect which all men of
standing at the North have for us,
and the sympathy of the masses of
the Union for our condition ; let us
once for all say to these fellows that
such a thing as a compnlronlise with
fraud and dishonesty, represented by
Kellogg and his followers, is a thing
not to be entertained for a moment.
The right of self government is in
herent, and no Esatu can he founid
in our ranks to barter it for a "mess
of pottage." I
Principles of Government are in
volved that are now surrounded with
dificulties and beset with dangers,
upon whose solution depend the well
being of the Republic, and these
questions demand consideration first.
If the right of a legally elected body
to meet and transact business is de
nied-if that body can be dissolved
at will by the strong arm of federal
power-then the whole system of our
government is a farce, and the sooner
we abandon it the Better. We are
not in a State situation, solving State
issues, but we have assumed a posi
tion of great National importance,
and the reflecting mind will at once
understand that there can be no such
thing as a compromise entertained.
Other considerations than those of lo
cal importance are demanded by the
whole country-the question of cen
tralizing this government is to be nomc
decided, and our ease must rest with
its solution. Thie PEOPLE of the
United States have been forced to
assume our defence in snceor of them
selves, and all considerations demMlad
that we should yield them a cordial
support-not blur over, or bar.their
action, by such an insane and ruinous
policy as this offered by Kellogg and
his partisans.
The people of this parish have been
ground in Kellogg's compromise mill
to their sorrowr and are bitterly op
posed to any concession. As the case
now stands, no one is suffering but
the officials of the usurpation, for we
have suspended the poperations in a
measure, of this crushing govern.
ment of Kellogg and his party. The
cry comes from them, and are we so
insane as to furnish these people with
weapons to murder us? There can
be but one opinion entertained on
this subject, and that is of after ab
leorranc of, a!nd opposition to any
thing smacking of a reeogniton of
the usurpation, its officials or its acts.
Virtue which is with us, will surely
triumph, and to speed that hour let
events take their course.
None of the Radical Returning
Board officials seem in a nervous
state of anxiety to assume thie duties
of office save a certain ward constable,
who is in a state bordering on the
"shakes" for fear his term will expire
before he can assume the functions of
his office.
Bill Tunnard, ex-K. W. C., ex-edit
or of of the Natchitoches Republican,
has received a commission as J. P.,
for this ward. He is just putting
himself on the outside of all the
whisky he can lay his hand on in
honor of the event, and seems in a
situation of masterly inactivity, wait
ing, we suppose, for Sheridan to j-ust
p--ut him in.
The Aldine, Art Journal, is a can
didate for public favors; and a care
falperusal of its advertisement will
certainly lead to a subscription of
this really worthy Art paper. See ad
vertisement for terms.
Message and Reports.
The document trasnsmitted to Con
gress by President Grant on the Itth
inst., is a weak atllir to be called
a message. It is in fict the most out
rageons State paper that ever emana
ted from ia ruler, and is sufficient
'ithout more words to damn its author
in the eyes of the whole country. It
is a rehash of all the slanders uttered
by the vile crew at the South, and
preached by such sheets as the .nter
Ocean. and Cincinnatti Gazette, and in
its phraseology, we have never had
the misfortune to see so much bitter
and malignant hatred evinced before.
That a man claiming to be the chief
magistrate of a great Republic, should
be guilty of being the writer of such
a docunient, a docunment every line
and charge of which is susceptible of
suecessful contradiction, is a wonder
indeed. 'T'hes worn out charges have
lbeen proven a libel and a slander o'er
antd o'er--the last Committee from
the house in its report just submitted
to Congress, stamps all the allega
tions conitolined in this statetnent of
the Presidents as utterly false, and
the two coming up for consideratioh n
at one momlent, must produce disor
der among the faithful. Congress
not satisfied with the report of the
C'ommnittee just returned to them,
send down another to "work up a
case," and we would now propose to
give these legislators a full measure
of falcts.
Let each parish and ward in Lon
aisaia organize full coiummittees upon
this "outrage business," and give to
Congress, the Presidentand the Ainer
ican people the full and complete his
tory of every crime that has beeni
committed in this State since 8lt6
the perpetrators and the victims-the
responsibility and the causes-and to
sum up all, let us gives to theml a
thorough history of each and every
individual of Kellogfs party, his
standing, mentally, socially and mor
ally, from what party he springs; in
fact a comllete compendium of the
antecedent lives of the individuals
who propose to rule our destinies in
defiance of the will of the people.
This seems like a gigantic under
taking, but when each part of the
State assumes its share of the work,
the undertaking will not be of so
nmuch magnitude. This document
will be valuable in more ways than
one, to say nothing of its political
force, it will serve to enlighten fu
ture generations into the manner of
the most loyal becoming the most
lying, and will at once fix the odium
upon Grant and his followers, of be
ing the most partisan, brutal and vil
lainous set that have ever existed.
We understand that numbers of
the returning board commissions hav
ing arrived the so constituted ef
ficials last week tlhought to take ad
vantage of the seeming quiet, and
creep into position. We desire to say
a word in behalf of our people and
perhaps if heeded by the Radicals
here it may save a world of trouble.
The fact of the returning board hav
ing re;urned as elected certain ofti
ciale,in Natchitoches parish, does not
snake it so to the tax-payer or the
majority of our voters. This parish
was carried by the Conservatives, and
the entire ticket was elected by the
popular rote, save that of the Sheriff,
who has been properly enjoined by
his competitor, and we can assure all
parties that the days of submission to
such outrages as that committed by
Wells and his co-adjutors have pass
ed-the PEOPLE will rinot sabmi to it.
Let events take their course, we do
not propose to be violent, but to tihe
radical claimants of Natchitoehes,
we would state that to their former
o8fficial associates there has been the
13th June and the 27th July, and to
them there may bm worse. -
"Fools rush in where wise men fear
to tread."
SThe residence of Alfred Mlayeur, on
Jefferson St., was entered on the night
of the 18th inst., and the thieves de
vided with him the contents of his
pantry. Sugar, lard and pork, was
what these thieves were after, and
they succeeded in getting 'a suficiency
to last them some time. No clue to
the perpetrators.
'  4~~---. --
The steamer SELMA, in rounding
to on Rosa bar above Campte, struck
a snag last Friday, 15th inst., and
sunk. She had on hoard the weight
of'2000 bales of cotton and a large
number of passengers. It is feared
she will prove a total loss. The
packet Siminole took down 10) bales
of her cotton. We sympathize with
Capt. Jacobs in his loss but hope it is
not as serious as it now comes to us.
Thanks to the Bart Able, that
Queen of packets, for late favors.
George, you still remember old
friends.
Loyalty of Louisiana.
The patriotismi and loyalty of the
Conservatives of Louisiana since their
action on the 4th inst., and subse
quently, cannot for one moment be
doubted-that our failure to carry out
the plan that Grant and his fellow
conspirators had marked out for us,
by reason of their unwarranted and
infamous interference with the local
affairs of our State government, should
tend to make these traitors exceeding
ly wroth, is a m;atter not to be won
dered at. This nun-resistaice of the
troops of the United States, deranged
utterly their schemes, and brought
to light the entire conspiracy of
Grant and the military, to subvert
free institutions in America by rais
ing at the North the sometimes popu
lar clamor, of a rebellions spirit at
the South. That this plan is now
fully developed on the part of Grant
and his supporters, nio one will doubt
-and we are" also correct in stating
that the elortL of the Utnion are pre
paring to test the ground with them.
The late gatherings in New York.
Boston, Philadelphia, Louisville and
St. Louis, and the protests of such
States as New York, Pennsylvania,
Ohio and Missouri-are but the mut
terings of the storm that is about to
break upon the heads of Grant and
his party-a storm that can have but
one result-the total overthrow of the
revolutionary Radical party in Con
gress, and the subversion of the mili
tary to the civil authorities. Jo such
thing as Grant's past services ian se
cure to himin and his fellow.conspira
tors, immunity from the just indigna
tion of American freemen--Benedict
Arnold and Aaron Burr, had done for
freedom in one hour, more than Grant
has done during his existence, still
this did not serve for a moment to
excuse them in the eyes of the liber
ty loving patriots of the Revolution,
and their conspiracies were in a meas
ure tame when compared to this great
wrong of Grant's party. To quicken
this result, there can be no doubt that
Louisiana has given the impetus by
the noble conduct of her sons since
the 4th of January. We have pa
tiently borne all these wrongs and
outrages, have resisted the armed
forces of the President with nothing
but our protests, and Louisiana stands
to-day the Tarpeian Rock from which
thefe destroyers of freedom and
American liberty have been hurled.
We have ,our course marked out
plainly for us to follow; armed resiz
tance to the Federal authorities has
never to this mnome'tt been thought of,
but should the suggestions of the
bloody Sheridan be followed out,
there can be but one feeling on the
part of our white people-RESISTANCE
TO TIIE DEATH! We cannot be ex
pected to cravenly allow our hlives ta
ken without so much as raising an
arm to defaend ourselves, and we ven
ture to say that in that slruuggle-tlhe
fortitude and courage so essential in
a virtuous citizen, will not be found
wanting in the sons of Louisiana.
We trust, and fully believe, that no
occasion will arise to test this "ban
dit" affair, but that the mighty swell
of public opinion now being express
ed by Northern freemen, will thrust
into oblivion thie last restage of tIhe
feelings and power of those who de
sire.to emulate a Nero or a Caligula.
Those persons claiming to hold of
flee in ward 12, should refer to the
filed consolidated returns made by
Holmes, the supervisor of registration,
when they will find that all the Com
misissioners certified to the fact, that
parties from all parts of thIe parislh
voted for ward officers upon the radi
cal ticket at these polls. We desire
to distinctly understand upon what
authority these men claim to act, and
we will be prepared to meet the ques
tion.. We propose to not burden our
service with these small issues, but
adheripg to our 'demands made in
June and July last, in which we are
determined that in future no one
shall be allowed to rmle us, who is
not both honest and capable. In the
first place these men were never elec
ted, and secondly, some of them lack
in a great measure the requirements
which the tax-payer demand shall
only qualifly them for oice. It is a
mere matter of tolly for tiese o8fficials
to attempt to hold office, for no one
would recognize their acnets, and it
would only tend to complicate mat
ters. Our advice to them is to let
"well enough alone."
A person may go on the bond of a
Radieal Returning Board official and
think himself honest but we can as
sure them that quite a different opin
ion is entertained of such conduct by
the white people of this parish. We
class all persons giving moral sup
port to our enemies as worse than
traitors, and time will prove that our
views are correct. If any persons in
our parish "chooses to wear the cap,
they are welcome."
Attention Saves Trouble.
We assutmned a line of princi
pIles for our guidi;ane as early as Juno
last, and victory has crowned our ef
forts under that plan thus far. Dis
carding all party lines and affillia
tions, the white people of Natchito
ches en masse, determined at once and
summarily to rid themselves of the
horde of corrupt rulers who were des
troying then. Assuming that no one
was entitled to official position save
those who were both, capable and hon
est, we boldly proclaimed our deter
mination to force the removal of those
who did not meet those requirements;
how we succeeded, is a matter of his
tory. The small beginning made by
the citizens of Natchitoches on the
18th June, and 27th July last, assnnm
ed force and magnitude until the plan
was inaugurated and practically de
monstrated upon the one claiming the
highest office in the State-ride, 14th
September. We are led to these re
flections by the foolish attempt of
certain parties claiming election by
reason of Returning Board commis
sions, to creep into official position,
and saupposing the present quiet of
the people to mean an abandonment
of their original plans. Reasoning to
these creatures seems absurd in the
face of all the stern facts they have
had demonstrated them ; nevertheless
we desire to say that the PEOPLE of
this parish firmly adhere to the
policy originally adopted, with this
addition, which we may say was a
considered part of our first plan, viz:
We claim to have carried this parish
hy reason of the polpular vote, and
wiill under no consideration recogni:e
any officials other than the legally elect
ed, and .further-w- e recognize no one
holdin!g a commission of appointment
from Kellogg, for we are no part of
his government--never gave it sup
port or encouragement, nor do we in
tend to. These are the plain and oft
repeated positions we now, and have
for months passed, assumed. That
this is not according to the "law" as
"Kellogg interprets," we admit, but
we have appealed to a higher law, the
law of self protection, and we intend
to carry it through or perish. Revo
nlutions never tend backward, and in
this movement against vice and in
competency, that rule will hold good.
What our citizens declared in solemn
mass meeting on the 13th of June
iast, we now reiterate, and we will
continue steadfast to these principles
for all time to come, that none shall
hold office but those who are both hon
est and capable, and wrho hare been le
gallY elected. That is the law and de
termination of our people, and there
can be no appeal from it.
Courth of Arbitration.
We publish elsewhere a call for a
Mass Meeting of our citizens to take
into consideration the grave questions
of the hour, and we trust that it will
meet a hearty'response from the peo
pie. The situation at this time is pe
culiar, and the consideration of the
surroundings should be calm, and
action deliberate. It is contended
that but two states of society can ex
ist, and we admit thile truth of the
axiom; the one of law and order, and
the other of anarchy and chaos. In
this Republic all law is founded, and
all rights vested, in the people, and
when such laws as have been ordain
ed for their guidance become, by rea
son of the impurity, partiality or
incompetency of the judiciary in
operative in the designated man
ner, then it behooves, and is the im
perative duty of citizens composing
society to delegate, in their sovereign
capacity, persons of their number to
execute laws and become 'the guardi
ans of the liberty, life and property,
of the citizen. This is the manner,
in fact, in which all human goveron
ments are founded. We have at this
moment no go9ernment which the peo
pie recognize, and being in an enlight
ened state, they are responsible for
the wellfare and well-being of socie
ty, and must adopt such measures to
secure peace and prosperity as the ex
igency requires. By these courts of
arbitration the necessity of the regn
lar forms of law is obviated, but the
end is reached, which is justified, not
only in equity, but by the law itself.
We have no courts which we recog
nise in Natchitoches parish, and we
propose to proceed as good and law
ful citizens, to arrange tribunals of
equity to preserve order and protectI
tile citizen in the lawfal enjoyment of
life, liberty and prosperity--the only
objects aimed at in all law-all gov
ernment.
Let there be a full attendance of
all citizens without regard to race or
party, and let each and every one
pledge himself to maintain peace, to
secure order and we venture to say
that property and life will be more
secure here, than at any time for the
past six years with cortrupt courts and
ignorant jurors.
Kellog -'. Ill,.snsag i. fr,','.! . :, i I
doiimel:nt-to us 1;o a,' i' ,:
thel connection. For the p;ot Iv ,
years hare we been ass:il:dd ly j',
such twaddle) of reform, and not fire
7mneasure of good has come to o!,ui.
ana. We have seen that the menswe
was read, ordered to be print-,,! and
referred, lint that has always been
tihe last of it. The time of the Senc
gambian Legislators was too murch
taken up with Ihe pQ i tage of nrwa
ures of outrage and thievery. to give
one moment of thought to measurr.e
of reform. This Legislature (1i an~
the Goverunors (?) docUaneuts will not
deceive a single individual--Loui.i
ana has been cursed with the laws of
the former for the past seven years,
and the latter has become so tantolo.
gistic in expression, and so barren cf
results, that we have begun to look
for this annual affliction as a part of
the usurpation. We have never yet
heard of traitors, thieves or murder.
ers, who did not stand jnstilied--by
their own reasoning and in the eyes
of their own kind-but making the
virtuouls believe this stuff is one of
the imnpossibilities.
Natchitoehes parish is without a
'fax Collector, no parish mony worth
the paper it is written on. Our city
paper no better unler un er l)emstratic a,
ministration; a polliee jury atiang inl
behalf ,f the I)emoeratic pharty.
Natchitcihes Republican.
Well, who growls about the want of
a Tax collector ? Not the tax-payers
we are sure. Things- have cone to a
pretty pass if the whole machinery of
goverutuent depend on a tax collector!
Ye gods ! You need not take city pa
per unless you want to. As far as a
Democratic police jury is concerned.
it is not acting in behalf of the De
mocratic party, but of the whole peo.
ple. This is another of the infamous
and cowardly slurs of that delectable
sheet. It is a great pity that the tao
payer cannot regulate his own affairs,
through his own police ,jury, without
the help of ignorant scalawag, such
as is represented by the :Republiean,
interfering. Ninety-nine one hun
dreth of the property in this parish
belongs to Democrats, and the saints
of the Republican are only grieved
that they no longer suffer the Rad
ical scamps to steal it by way of tax
ation, to pay to such as it for public
printing. Bah ! Get out. Your slurs
are as.thin as your brain.
We are asked by the unsophisticated
how it is possible for the Ramp Leg
islature to continue to act without a
quorum ? We desire to state in an
swer, that there never has heon in
attendance upon the mee-tings of Kel"
logg's concern more than .53 menl h.r.
The law states that a quorum shall
consist of a majority of the mnemlrs
,*ted, that is, a maj6rity of Ill
mnaking 5(6 to constitute a legal body
Forty nine Radicals organized, how
ever, by electing ilann speaker, how
it was done, is a mere matter of moon
shine; tlheir acts are all illegal and
can affect no one but themselves.
-- ---~~ - ---..,-  ,,,. _
PLAIrs QUESTIONS FOR INVALIDS.
Hlave thle roatine medicines of the
profession done yon no good? Are
you discouraged and miserable? If
so, test the proper·ies of the new
Vegetable 8pacific. Dr. Walker's Cal.
ifornia Vinegar Bitters already fa
mous as the finest invigorant, eorrnc
tire and alterative, that has ever see
the light. Dypepetics and persoas f
billions habit should keep it withlis
reach, if thley value health and ease.
That favorite packet and lots
boheat SIMENOLI, reached our landial
at Grand Eeore last Friday on time,
Capt. John Mlitchell and, his genial
clerks, Robbins and Rowland, have a
host of friends here. Let it be re
membered that this boat will arrive
at Grand Eeore every Friday at 8 A.
x., and leave same day for New Or·
leais, at 12 x.
. . ---,,, .- _ --
We understand that the Republic
ans elected on Nov. 2, last, have re
ceived their commissions. Next, will
they serve or will they not ?-[Nat
chitoches Republican.
We give it up, ask us something
easy.
See notice of J. LATnxA & Co.,
292 Washington St., Boston, Mass.
We call attention to advertisement
in another column of Vick's Flora
Guide. Also to the Boston Framueafl
Cronom Co.
Married.
At the Cathedral, in this city, on Tues
day evening, January 19th, 1744, by Very
IRev. F. Martin. Ilr. IxlERY ALIs', to
Miss EUGENIA LITTri.L, adopted daughter
of Hypolite Aluin, a!l of this city.
The Vindicator has been rememberld
amid the happiness of Bride; andl Groom,
with the usual printer's fee. We wish
the happy couple long life and prosperity
and trlst that their future will be as
bright and propitious as thi p.eunt in.
dicates.