JAM. H. ('O(1RO)VE, - Editor.
NATCIITO( CI IFS
SATi'IRlI)AY, - - - M:,el 3. I77.
Largest Cýirnla;tioin
Of any Country Plp)lerr in
the State.
Rates of Subscription.
Of Yar ..............s ....... ... '2 0n
bixu Mon~rthc..........··--- ··--. I i5(1
tion t hIs.
Advert ltiscm,.tts iserteld at the r"It of
$1.,0 pet" sql:uare f1" the litt insertion,
anlld l 7r c'lts fir e:IIach sll. el)nll t ouIte.
'fu't litne or less, s. . lid lrite r le ts iio sti.
tote a squatr'. er' reo hntlrIedI words.
Jtl.ici:tl +e A(erlisti'tietIts Otno' 1(llnar
pe'r hn hreti'('d w.vtl., (stI:are) first inlser
tion. .) lentts totr .ehi .hilequent iel~r
tion. lt'a'ahle in l vlnt e'.
All 'ranitt Advlertritnemntirs para
hie ittll advancei, and aill tAdvrtisetteit(ts
for ia less tie t han lt ti rtllhs, are 'Tranl
siitet.
Reguilar Aet;ertisetmtents pInabhle u r
teriy. in advan:e.
Av-rtisers. in the North.'rn ('ities
UitvT npply to outr A.g,ts for terms nodl
entractsitt,, ifor ni attention will he paid
to apphlitations to us in person from that
Nte(' it11.
AGENTS.
All nrllrtr for .AvI.rtising inrit be
contrartfd with our Aginto .
No :ttentionl pail to pro)positions ex
rept frtioim teI.
G(. P. Rowell & Co., New York.
S. M. Pettengill & Co., "
Aver & SonI, ihiielOlpuin, Pmn.
E' win Ailet,, Cinciiniatfi, Ohio.
E. F'reshhmia & lir., "
C'handl.r. Lord & Co., (Chicago. Ill.
R)owell & Ch.smuan. St. Louis , Mo.
W. W. Sharp & Co., 15 'aTrk lhow, N. Y.
Thos. Mel(tyer, New Orleansu, La.
.. ('ulnrti Wallo, "
Newspaper Laws and Regula
tions.
I. Suhslrihers who do not give express
notice to the contra:ry, are considered
wishing to continue t heir suhscriptioi.
'. If suoscribers ordenr the (discontilln
ancC of their periodicals, the publisher
may continue to send them uItil all ar
rearages are paid.
3. If subscribers neglect or refuse to
tak, their periodticals frolm the otfee to
which they aret directied, they are beIel
responsible until they have settled their
bills, and ordl(red(l them discontinuled.
4. If suhscrihers move to other places
without informing the puldlishers, and
the papers are sent to the ftormer direc
tion, they are held responsible.
5. The eourts have decidehle that "refn
sing to take petri·dicals from the oteice.
or renmoving anl leaving them uncalled
for, is prima facie evidence of intention
al fraud."
6. Any person who receives a newspa
per ar1nd makes use of it. whether he has
orderted it or not, lie is held iii law to be
a subscriber.
7. If sbscrihers pay in advance, they
ire lhund to give notice to the publish
er lit the end of their time, if they do
now wish to continne t.:king it; othetr
wixe the'publisher is authorized to send
it on, and the subscribers will be res
ponsible until an express notice, with
payment of all arrears, is sent to the
publisher;
All adrertisements must be hand
ed in to this office by Thursdiay
ecening of each week, to insure in
sertion that issue.
All Judicial advertisements must
bepaid for in adrance, or they wrill
be discontinued after the first inser
tion.
Correspondence containin! news cof a
general satfre is solicited froml this
and neighboring parishes. The real
name of the writer mutst aecoupanry all
letter,, but the mRame will not be ptub
lishi ntleas so desired. Letters to be
written on one side of the sheet of pa
per, and to contain news of gencral in
terest in brief, crops and weather re
ports, osseip, local haplpenings, dce.
J.B.BLEWIS
SHR VEPOTLA.
The Best (Churn made-Hllern
don's,.at T. 11aller's Tin establish
ntent.
His EXefELLC (T Go'r. F. T.
N[CHOLLs has made the following
appointments for Tax Collectors:
1P. H. Cavanngh, parish of Ver.
non; J. M. Jennings, parish - of
Winn; J. D. Self, parish of Sa
Line.
WHILE Clesar was destroying
the liberties of his country and
enslaring his countrymen-his
sacrifice to the Gods was con
tinnous. Hayes at one fell swoop
destroys the b~'wark of oar liber
ties, the sanctity of the ballot,
and then lectltes little ehildren
npon the suppression of crime.
I istory repeats itself, surely.
To-day the leigter of Grant ends in
the United States. His action with
regard to Niuholls asnd Packard ini
this State iras envered uanny of the
former deep wounds which ha has in
flicted npopn the body of this Com
monnwealthr, and be can carry with
him to hi. ustirewent ear thiatks for
,efusing to listen toa the frantic ap
peais of the Packard thieves in Lou
'Tie hope of a boat hbe beeu dash
ed, Ol Vane came up for a week
or so, and then retired, as if ashamed
of its wraak alttmupt at a rise.
Jut - reeoied.a ne lot. of wagons
Our Own Good Blades Must Win
r. the Rest.
- We are irlportuned by a few for
tor. lllr teasons fo'r beitng so sanlutllilne of
the Iltimate triumphl of the Nicholls
gover.iinleut, whten we were particu
177. latly blue under the enire Tildlen
Shlavets ('oitest lbefore the Ehectold
hBut few persons ask us the reason
i for this li'eliag within us, for it is
shared byl the many. lIn all lbe on
tests against wroing, outrage and op
Spression madte by our;people, one fiatal
olst:uelc( to sueccess stood in their way,
' according to ourFndgment ; that oh
.ject w;as the trant f' ,clia.e nin on or
on iidiridual lfortJs. In other words,
w \\cWiet i:teo each an)dl every c-onltest
tsince the war lredicatitg victory
upon "foreign itterveCltio.u." The
great Northern hleart of the IDetno
etratic patrty was to be stirred to its
er- depth. with 5Vyml athy in our behalf
tlland they were to come, like the hero
. in the play, to our resuen fromt living
Stlh death. We were to sufler and be
faithful, al in the end the Nor thernli
ar- democrats were to 'right our wrongs.' I
It is true that the indiicattor andi
IPe
nt other leading jturnals of the State,
lid notably the Shrcveiport Time::, de
it i nt inced this intervention pi lic-y as i
M criminal, which would be productive t
of no good, and insisted uponii the pol
icy of self-tc liail ce; still, with the
ftforce of reason, logic and every day t
X- instance on our side, otr words fell 1
unheeded or were rthmkited as "vio.
lent and ilpracticalle." Time, whic-h
sets all things even, has contclusivelt t
proven the wisdom of that policy of 1
self-reliance and( we a;e at last con- t
fronted a ith the Louistana question t
and its settlemnent, st ilpplied of all the 1
1 e k reeds and pit,ay logic of the hesi- 1h
tator or the coward. L enI e our rea- -
sons for bcing sanguine of the su tc
cess of G(overnor Nicholls and his t
s government in this State. That gov- li
ertnment has its foundation in the s
n hear ts of Louisiana's virtuous peo- C
r ple and its strength i i in their brave "
right arms. We have never yet be
to lieved in the moral courage of the
t; boasting Radical party. There al- -
ir ways seemed to us a leven of old ri
fashioned bluff in its swagger, and il
1l when we almost rose in arms against p
c- further oppr-'ssion in 1S74, the hot- s
tom went out of their vain-glory,
(e showing conclusively that up to the d
ii drawing of the sword they were Hlec- q
totrs but the least gleam of the steel it
a- make them the veriest cravens. \\e j
' of Loiisiana have nothing to lose by tl
resistance-every thing by submis- l(
' sn ; atnd history has taught us, that b
Ii
toa peollle once reduced to that extrem- tl
ity-despair- are invincible. There si
I is niothing for ns to do but lie calm, a
th firm and determined, which we feel e
he assured we will be. Pay Iot one e
dollar to I'ackard, recognize him or 0
d- his officials in no way; and go fur- i
y ther than this, pay to Nicholls all c
ttaxes due, recognize and nsustain his fi
oficials in every act even at the cost n
of bllood, andl there is no moTre dlobt re
of his finail and tLimilpliant slccess a
then thlere is that God reigns. il
We are preparetd to do our part ii 1t
this snstenanice and have been for a
fior years past. and we feel fully as- o
sured tlat seventy thounsand white
, men in Louisitat are with us, heart c
11 and omul. Our leaders have our con- a
Sfidence and we theirs, and if Nicholls' a
s Ann sets in Louisiana, its las1t rays i
will guild withi soleimn grandeur the ]
ruins of a mighty comnonwealtht
Sbathed in the best biloodl that now n
warms the veins of its virtue. b
U ~--- - ----- 0
HE RNI)ON'S PATENT CHURN
AT T. HIALLER'S STOVE DE- .
POT. tl
WnE consneir it the duty of our re
presettatives in Congress to at once c
assilnue an attitude of armed neutrali
ty between the contendfing fictions
-in o:.ngress-the Repuhlicnns aInd
S )Democrats. There is nothing it com
mon tuithl these people and thooe of
the South. They are making the
Sfight, if they make any, for self-in
terest aod convenience--it is high
Stimo we shnhld ii.iect a niodicenm of
Sthe nercetnary" in oUr pelitical ac
Stions. Ilither-to we bare preserved t
)f ourselves Itron taint of frwutd or dis
h- honor-such unst a-d srill always be
our character ; bnrt alt the same time
the rightfil demands of our sectilon i
i tust not he ovehloked, and we are l
(1 in a position to require a trecognition
of outr right to thle help of Sor gov
s ernment in great piublic ittprove
I tleits, which we munst use,
- I)
P A SQUAHE MEAL FOR FIFTY al
r CENTS at Buudick's Boarding Iouse 1:
.. - __ _-___-_
'nI Tt St Louis Republican says, that
Governor ltayes presided at a reli
giou-s nceting atd miade a brief "
speech, in Ceiniinaiti, urging chris- lii
n tian nuen and wtomen to aid in sup- ti
I pressing einme. The St Louis jour- .)
i 1nal very justly remarkse : "If there tl
e be a greater crime tban the one Hayes n
- plroposes to son0sumlmte on the 4th of
- March, we weould like to have some t
h Republican brother rise ant name it.'r ti
r Hayes, we fear, has toe much of to
- thie "Smiler" Collxu composition in
- his character to last long, If we are
to believe Private Dalzell, Hayes isa di
"baily saint," and entiiely too good Y'
for the rude woIrld. Some one.should "a
put the "innocent child" iO ita "little th
bed."
How skkening to decent commont Ia
Ssence is this maudlin gush of North- fir
ern demuagoguea . P
In Philosophers and Realists,
Thle Philosophers of Natchitoches
ir miiist in future go without their
of schools. We are upon the thresh
le ho!d of a new era in which, new ideas,
I- new systems and new every thing are
- to be introduced, which, under the
aI teachings ofithie phi3 sogi adtes of tlie olh
school, who have held sway beyond
n their dlay and genIelationl here as
is elsewhere, would fnil of successful re
- suit, as Fulton would have with i his
- stieamboat or Morse with his tele
ii graph.
1V, We believe that ou'r philosolphists
u- are more versed in the science of "ini
tr possible" aniild ',ii t,' thani any in
s, the State, Ask one of them why it
st is the gang plow cannot be worked
y oil ouh lvel itnd cleared lands ? and
i hlie tells yon with a wise shake of the
- head that it "''c,t"''-and his reason
s ill ninietyi-nine cases In one hundrel
1i for this "Can't" is, "be'cause his great
o grandtfather did so and so, and did it
g very well."
It is perhtaps unleasoliable to cx
pect niaterild or sudden changes in
the habits to which they aei wedded,
i amtong ilen in advanced life- lint we
colitend thatl the enldeavor to inicul
scite thlii rettoslpective phllilosoplhy
a into the nriids of the young nmei of
e this coluntry, is ias idiotic as it is
criiminal. In the young lies all hope
. of a salutarry chalnge. Ouir olt sys
Stlins have been coiimpletely destroyed,
iiil and e arei to build iiponi t if W ilasis
;lad in liew tinies, uiider a new gov
ºtrllnnlent,l a coulltry fromll its founda
tion stonie to its turret. Is it not
f wisdom then, to iniquire ofolir neigh
bin', who has livel iiiiunder the system
to which we are sudenly forced, howll, I
lhe manages iil(d w liiit ecoveliiclice.
- lie supplies hinmiself with. With us,
TilE "''hilosophecr" would Aay, "ldo i I
this way because niy father did it,"
forgetting the fact that "his father"
lived in the evening shadows of a
systeli of labor anditi governmlllllent ow
completely dead, and what to him I
were possibilities, lare now certain of
failure if atteltmped. t
''The basis of oulr hopes in this State,
nimaterially 1speaking, lies in our alg- I
ricultuiral frieiinds, and with theni, it
is sail to say that the efiete philoso
phoers have a large and growing
school.
A sensible man whose dwelling is
destroyed will, before e rcbuilds, in
quire of other persons in other places, 3
if they have not conveniences to en
joy which were not found in the des
troyed building. Our farners have
lost sight of the faict tliat they are to
build up a system upon the ruins of
the old. Twelve years have passed
since the destruction of slavery, and
still oar farminig 93 stemn is no systenm,
I except it be a weak, clumsy and mis
erable attelmpt to re;aniimate tile dead
order-so ldeiad that nol resnrcetioni
awaits it. Total oblivion of the agri
cultural ,past in a certalin sense, is the
filst lesson to be taught ; that, we do
not exlpect froml old alge, andt for that
reason it is easily seen i'lhele alnd I
with whomi lies all hope of futluro
Snccess, and ihow criminal it is to at
temlit to saturate the yoinug anid vig-i
orous imindl with theories implossible o
of solution.
The vigor and maiinhiood of this
country, if prisperity is wanted,
mutt be left to assert itself-it may,
and Io 110dnlut will, dio things that seem
foolish to those who livedt in tile past.
Daniel Webster tlhoulght the tele
graph a humbuig, and Morse a rision
ary tool, but Webster learned better
before lie died. Our youth will strike t
out, and striking otit is what they ,
must do, and make failures; let thelli
not listen to the "I told you so'e" of
the aged asses around them. Go on
andt think-dton't dream ; think of the
causes that produced your failure,
work it out, and change, change all I
the tine until you succeed. In this
malterial age every thing that stands
still is simply a montunent of stu
liidity-erase from tile tablets "canll't"'
lid quiit tire schoolo of "'NATcIIITO- ,
CitES PltOSOPIERs " len who
dtream of the past anid live in the 1
present, and the fnture is bright be
fore irs; contiine in tire leading
strings of a deadl and never to return
systemn, auld we tuilnblo along from
one fiihvre to another, until we sink
under thIe load otf accumulated fiily, t
and ithere will lie none to nmorn our
fall. Let ' I will !" succeed "I canut !"
Chamapion Improved BUCK'S p
BRILLIANT Stoves. HERN- a
I)ON'8 PATENT CIUlRN, and
all lines of HOUSE FURISHI- 0
ING goods at T. HIaller's. o
Packard had linrself shot at by
som0e crilz" ' foto, in order to malke pi,
litical cailital North, and to coerse
the President into recogniing hiit at
once. President Granti saw through
the affair at onee, atnd Packard now
miourus the loss of Grant's friendship.
Bloody shlrtisrm amnd Eliza Pinck
ston's donl't take with the North this
time of the year. It's too early or
too lte.
PAc~KARD'S caucus is i a highly
dranmatic state of rzlndr as the Pica
yu.e puts it. They have passed,
"Gndera suaspension of tlhe rules in
the !ouse," a bill to pOaisik eonspir
ators. If the thing.. ee'id besomne a
law by some hoeus-pokuAr the very o
first parties to be convieted would be
Packard and hii crOwd. 1
A Good Veto.
es The veto by Governor Nicholls of
'ir a bill granting leave to an emancipa
h- ted minor .to practice before the
Is, Courts of the State is a lesson in
re principle our legislators would do
ii well to heed.
hl If we mistake not the "Comlpro
il rmise Ilonse' introdneed a constitu
i tional amendmlent prohibiting spe
e (clal legisintion, txcept at a Cost to
is the individual to whom benefit would
º- accrue therefrom,. Legislators are
public servants, paid a stipulated
tsalary to transnet specific rnu
- siness, and when they go outside of
I that business to indulge in gratifying
it the whims of individuals, or advance
A their Interests, they are neglecting the
i public and transcending their duties.
' The Constitutional Amendmnent to
n which we refer, was sound in princi
'1 ple, and for that reason a decent res
It Pect for puhlic opinion, if nothing
t else, should have actuated an obser
vance of that principle, whether the
law was there to force them to observe
n it or not.
, We conceive that no honest man
e will doubt the wisdom of such a Con
stitutional Amendment which would
Y prohibit all kinds of class legislation,
ef especially when this wisdom is made
Snmore applrent after what Louisiana
e and her material interests have snf
ft'red firom a too free indulgence in
that vicious species of legislation;
Ssuch being the case, why should it be
- necessary to have such enactments as
wouhl l/bree the observance of the
principles of tight and justice I
We are pained to see even a spirit
to do a thing known to be wrong in
l' rinicllle, because there happens to
Se ino statutory enactment prohibiting
it, maniftested by our legislators, es
ipecially when they were elected to
do just the contrary.
We were not severe upon our City
govel ninent last week, as many sup
pose; if we were, such was not our
f intention. What we said then was
to the effect that no government could
exist .financially, that worked on
promises to piay. It has been tried
often enough to convince any rea
sonable being of its utter futility, and
axioms to the contrary stand out in
bold relief on every page of every
work on political economy,
Sonic of tour friends sav ; "Why,
yeou were in favor of the DeVargas
plan, of the collection of one half of
the licenses and taxes in cash, and
the other half in City paper !" Such
is undoubtedly true, but the clinging
to the DeVargas plan now is anoth
er lesson untfortunately taught by
"Natchitoches lhilosoph:ers."' When
Ir. DeVargnts reconmmended his plan,
the City had over-insued itself to the
extent of $16,000. It had no way to
pay its current expenses and reduce
thie indebtedlness iicurrted by, former
guiverrne .ie ts -lie tice tihe r'emedy, of
oiie-hallf thle taxes and leenlses in
currency, the other half ill City pa
iri. The crtrency collected was sold
to the hihest bidder Jfor city scrip.
Ily this the city sustainied its credit
in showing 9 deterliniatiin to re
ceive its scrip for its assets, and
strengthened their paper in these
monthly sales of currency-bt/ retl
cing the rolume w'hich was in circula
fion.
We see no such cause existing at
present as called for the extraordina
ry action of the DeVargas Board.
We are not in debt, on the contrary,
we have a great deal more owing us
than we owe, and all that is required
to do to reduce thie rolume of cityll scrip
now in circlafion, is to collect it upl
in taxes for years preceding 1876, and
issue no more unless the moane! is in
the Treasur?l to redeem it on demand.
Wanted to exchange Texas lands
for Louisiana lands.
J. J. McCOOK & BRo.
J. G. LEWIS, negro legislator of
this pairish, introdueed in the 1'Pack
ard eauens a resolution inquiring
why Michael Hahn consorted with
the conspirators at Odd Fellows Hall,
The aenucus listened attentively to
Lewis' resolve and then resolved to
-set down on Lewis whiec they did.
It would be well to know that Lewis,
although a representative from this
parish, represents a house and lot in
town only, and that has a heavy
mbrtgage on it.
- .,,-- , diP" C ,lr," -- ...
OUR friend Battle, of the Shreve
port Times, is evidently demoralized
over the result of the commission.
So much for relying to a great degree
on the National Democracy "to right
our wrongs." We feel assured, how
ever, lie will straighten up in a few
days and proceed, as the first step of
righting our owr wErongs with our owDI
help, to demolish the petty thief thlat
attempts to edit that drivellinjg sheet,
the Telegram.
Furniture of all kinds and a full
assortment of Goods at MeCoook &
Bro.
-  ·-- . -- ------- -
Our Mayor is dragging up tihe law
breakers, and dragging in the ducats,
Old otrffenders, who tremnbled not at
$5 and costs, now weaken in their
boots when $25 or Jug. for ten dayaf
strikes on their startled ears. All
tihe fun departs from 8 yell and street
racing when paid for at $10 the yell,
or $20 the race.
i Get )y'our JOB PRISTIMG
Slone at the VI~DIcATo Ofliee,
Almost a Riot.
f Grave rminors of a serious disturb
anlce in the Biroadwell neighborhood
of out parish rtached our city on
J Wednesday monnitng. It seeIms, so
º far as we can learn, that Mr. Don
oern, a neighlboring planter to Mr.
lroad well, had a diflicnlty with a ne
gio named IIenry Williamrs in which
the regro attenmpted to eut tire throat
, of Mr. Donovan and did inflict a
I gastly would with a razor. Mr.
l)onovarr killed the negro, however,
Iianitd other colored rnie to tile
noIr mbr oft to to three hundred fronr
adjoining places gathered under the
leadership of had negroes and took
violent possession of M lajor lhoad
well's plantation which they held
dlring the entire night.
Tlhromghl the almost suiperhrman
effolrts of 11r Timton, Broad well's man
ager, Donovan's life was saved al
though the negroes urged on by the
womeni, ade effort after effort to
rush into the store where D)onovan
was confined. Each negro was armed
withi gun or axe and Mr. Timon, a
cool, bravo gentleman, says he never
passed a night of such horror. The
men seemed mire tractable than the
women. Mr. Timon would urge upon
them the evil that would flow fl'omi
the violence they were attetmltitg
anrd what trouble it was sure to lning
down on them, and appealed to themi
as citizens to let the majesty of the
law assert itself-that MIr. lonovan
should he turned over to tile proper
authorities and dealt with as the law
directed ; with this, the men would
retire and consult the women who
would again urge them on to violence.
'This was kept up all night, when
sutlicient white forces having arrived
under a dlepty Sheriff, the negroes
were told to disperse to their homes,
which they did, and MIr. Donovan
was taken charge of and brought to
town.
The negro is a citizen and mnst
act as becomes a law abiding person,
else there is serious trouble in store
for himin and his in future.
With what Mlr. Donovan did, we
have nothing to say ; that is left to
the courts, and any utterance of out
would only forestall, with public opin
ion, a proper and impartial judgement
in the case; but, with this negro
nob, or attempted morb, we have
miuchl to say. Such conduct on their
part is reprehensible and must be pt
a stop to. Every timne a negro is ar
rested for crime, is killed or kills,
the saute Inegro nmo, for rescue or re
vernge, is the tag.
We have siflered these ills snfl
ciintly and thie negro tier in roadl
well's neighborhood haadbest be very
careful ii firalne how thicy outrage,,
law and ldecency, as they did in tihe
),Donovan miatter. \We have been
patienrt and ftorbearing with them un
til patierce anid forbearance has
ceased to be a virtnte ; they have had
time and experience enough to learn
better, if tihey have not profited by
that tinme and experienice it Is no
faiult of our anid the ''"lby act" will
hanrd3ly be sufficient hereafter to con
done tie palpable and ontrageous
offense of whiich they have just been
guilty.
-----e*** --
The Situation:
Thie failure to ralize thie hopes I
which our telegraphic dispatches con
tinue to reiterate, that are iindulged
illn by onr friends in New Orleans,
would he, we admit, disastrous be
yond expression. We, however, pre
fer, as all men, to indulge in those
pleasing fancies and roseate-hrued
thoughts that arise fromn thie last re
maining blessings of Pandora's box,
than to look in tie face thie dreadful I
dark of thie reverse picture. One
thing is assured-we have but one
or two days longer in whidh to dream ;
after that we must face tihe conse
quences, be they what they may. It
is better tlan to suffer in patience
thie few remaining hours thrat lie be
tween us and war or peace.
Corrni an n ieted.
GlANms ECORE, LA., MaIrcl 3, 1877.
Enrrorn VINrteAronr-Dear Sir: We
have been thinkinrg very seriously how
we should get before the public in our
new role, that of a FREE WAREHOUSE
business, and the Various causes which
forced ts to this generous act.
We have been taking in payment of
Freight and Storage bills, woodl, pota
toes, pop-corn, onions, eggs, chickens,
butter, cabbages, sourkrout, labor, friend
ship, calico, second-hand clothing, corn,
skins, bug-juice, and cursing, all of which
are merchautable comnmodities, and we
were mnaking a good cheap living, but
alase the bitter trial came. One ot otr
friends who had been owing us a bill of
some twelve months standing, asked us
to take a large Owl in payment We
have always made it a point never to
refues anything, atnd resolved to hold off
our frieMd for a few days, and if we
coald find anybody out of Owl, and in
need of one, we would take it, we in
quired and advertised for a purchiraser,
anrd finling none, concluded to open a
free bursiness, and save our friend thie
fearful sacrifice of his bird, and to have
the public more fully appreciate our
honest endeavors to please them
New. Mr. Editor, we have a fine stock
of the above namted goods on hand, and I
if you wil take themr it payment for ad
vertising, insert the enclosed card for
thirty days, and send order for such
goods as you need, and in the meantime
belheve no thine freely,
GHAMBERS & BARBEE.
T, Haller's Stove emporium
keeps Henrudon's Patent C1trn.
STEIEGIAHIIIIC SlMldillli
.b 1iCHOLL'SN ReCOfr;uitioMt
S .lssured Beyond
s questlion.
r. '6ooi0s to be Ordered If'est.
h Pttlekard lad as If'rel Park
at Blls Trap.
t'" [SP,te'ial to tle- Vimlhieator.]
r, New (Irleanls, Feb. , -'Thle most
ie positive and direct assura;ices says
in the Timhcof this evening, have been
i receiveld at Odd Fellow's Hall that
k P'ackard's case in Louisiana
1- IS lT'I'Etl' HOPELESS,
d and that within iforty-eight hours
from this, the issue will be settled
y I.oind a doull or iiperadventure
IN FAVOR OF TllHE NICHOLLS
GOV ER NM ExT.
C It is expected that the status and
0 ortlders will be revoked; troops or
o tiered to other qu13arters anid the peo
ile pietirmitted to settle, witlhout inter.
a fearance, the matter for thenmselves.
PRIVATE TELEGIALIS
e fironm l .mtnlll sou(ces are 1lmost IlncOllra
e ging. Everhodly here, even those
Swho two two days siince wer most dis
)l pondent, are Iiow
CON FII)ENT OF Sti'CESS.
Rlumors fly thick anid fast. It is
1 stated at this moimenlt that the troops
Sare leaving the St. Louis Ilotel anid
" Custom I[ouse, and are under orders
to move West.
d New Orleans, Feb. 27.-Efforts to
o delay the count defeatehd, and Hayes
will he iitnaugurated. Resolution itt
the House of R1epr~escntatives recog
nizing XNicholls' goverllnent failed for
wantt.of two-thirds najority. Levy
telegraphs l that llprospects are good
for Louisiana and leading )emniocrats
here expect decisive action in out
favor in the next twenty-four hours.
\\'e are all limore hopeful now thatl
ever. P'.
Washington Fetb. 25.-It is said
that President Grant will pardon all
the ku-klux pliloners now undergo
lug Imprison ment before he leaves the
lpresidential office.
r Oregon vote counted for Hayes.
t Our vicinity was visited by a "'elight
Sful and quite heavy rain on Wednesday
anid iThursduay iist.
A short visit tI o Cau,, tleeveloped the
f' fact tihat preiliparations for fiinning were
rather sloti. The busine ss of that vil
,lage seetold to lie quite brisk, and w
Iol| the ple hasurei of leetinCIg maniy of our
old friiiids whom we were v-ery much
tlrhuased to sc.
.. .. ---rt C *-e-e
Girand E'corie lnowl doct- shippiring ;nd
storage withmit cost to shiplper or or cn
signee. T'lhis is a new line of hisinless
her-, hlt is done in the North a'd West
on all rive\rs of note, throuigh l truslporta
3 ion Companies' Wariihonies.
WiXE' ilNpllelece t lieCbecolmes grand,
arlid cihe-k a mark of virtue., \'IliTE,
of the Telegrari, will occupy a front
sient. After assisting to swindle the
white citizins of lAmerica out of It lheir
liirth right, the ballot, and attemptiing
tio foist IPackaird upou the leople of
Louisiana, tliis -worthy scounldrel has
the brazen elifroitery to ask us to be
quiet and enjoy a seasofl of pleasant
peace. When the limb and the lamp
post bear thleir legitimate fruit, the
"conductor" of that and numerous
other thieves' own journals will be
their choicest ap)pendages, and until
they do grow a large crop of such
fruit there will be no.peace in this
State.
TI'E MansfIeld RepLorter, ) 1 e are
pained to say, is grossly personal and
,impertinent iwhen comparing this
I paper and its editor with the Tld
Sgrain and the man that conducts it.
We have, therefore, no words to ,ay
in reply,
TIlE Cincinnati Enquirer, which is
by the way getting to be the papler o
theWest, isup to its knees in a bloody
war of figures with tihe Commercial
of thie same eity on circulation.
The Enquiirer has a decided advan
tage South, in that it circulates ex
clusively among decent and honest
people; while there is scarcely a
white man or woman in the whole
South that does not thoroughly detest
the Commercial and its editorial staff
Sof liars.
List of Arrivals at Principal Hlotels.
- iurdick's House,
J. II. O. Antony, Sabine, Ln.; J.
E. Messi, Parish; E. J. Cocktield,
parish; W. F. Plastin, Winn, La.; Ii.
Wyyanmski, New Orileans, La.;. A.
Harnis, .arish, La.p M. Franklin,
f New Orleans, La.; A . . Hall, Louis
Sville, Ky.; \\'alter Rogers, New Or
Sleans, La.; W. S. B. Cleveland, New
SOrleans, La.; T. Beck, Flrt Jesstlp,
1 La.; H.Y. Colin, New O(hrleans, La.;
John Wilson, Texas; David Renfro,
SJ. Mathis, South Carolina;: T. C
Dioiovan, Parishl; J. T. Sanches,
- Batot Rouge, La.; Mrs. Williams,
Shreveport, La.
Planter's Hotel,
L. Barbee, Fort Jetsup, La.; II. A.
Hflogne, Many, La.; J. II. Colwell,
SLa.; O. Sheppers, Railroad; Capt.
I.- P. Gallien, Parish; James Mc
Donald, Sabine, La.: B. Quint, Sa
I bine, La.; J. B. Vandegar, Many, La.;
SChas. A. Lesage, Railroad; Gus.
SJohnson, Railroad; J. E. Messi, Par
ish; Onezime Brosset, Parish ; C.
Caster, IParish; W. J. Collier, Parish;
Charles Miller, Parish; A. Mayeur,
Parish ; M. Tauzin, Parish; R. Honse,
Red River; Mrs. G. V. Walmsley,
Tennessee;. Jean Prndhnom-,, Pnlrish;
F. Cloutier, Parish Capt. Sa:nhes,
Raiilro.ad.
It does eem thallt Hanye' last ln .
jolity, "one," is bigger tIan Ti'dhrT
Z was last Nove nlher- rl1out a million.
So much fier 1etur tiln:g I]+aulds and
Conlunissionst, &e.
The avetage city r adIical sa h, ,
looks tlusite blue,. ow that wneightier
Inlltteis hiave takenl, the eyes of t!l
k wo'ld "d' otf him." Outside of a hea.
vy lthi.f or a first-classs liar, 'out
(',unti y Ial{ lical is a flat faille.
t S 1l.) 11, MISl II1TI,1 ,
I'Parti's ls in prad t
t it ~ r loiR' :11: NDNs I'ATTEN'T
C'iirN. are iiirOlned that T.JIAL
LEIR, Till ils d t Stove dtealer on
s \Wahins gto(n Street, is prepared
Ito suitly them with (Chlnis con.
lplete, oIi dlt'tuial.-Ad.
A Cr(:IE i- I ('I tI tMT1t'a , bl' chitis, ar thl.
ua. catai hit, tlhrllt arl flit tudit  s ,. Also i
it iiti s t itid i. an t peil ila nt rtIt for, it ori:ral
dhhilitv. disptlpub a l all neI'\rvous ifa tino
by a sunpl,* "'r ,tahl, nil d rin, . ,ld"h cured a
ill rriile lis.tsionl t P  itl l t i\sll l A.i ..o as long4e
Cesid ent , ,:,ia u'l Bthe E st. ati d who hae
freely girto this raluahn e spccii,' ot t o boa'dp
of kindred snt',.rlrs with tlh lh rratest possibl'
htutl s. re in eow fels it hi..a rr d christiane
dutyii to t o llr Ft iglt this hd( ottorful invig:
o liting re edy. anti will send IE EE the orig:
gi el rcipss coemplete with full direction. a lit
any pl rsn e 'slosing stamp for rofel, Afo r " est
I)te'.' likeS A. IssiIN ," Greely iluck,Sey.
r e 't.s e , N . Y . ( P . 0 l ,,x ; 6 .)
Chambelrs & arbee; "native rope
and to the manner born," not to be
outdone in the march of improve:
cmeint, gie notice of their deter, ina
tion to lltore Fteight and Cotton fron,
this time folvw;,d FREE top CHIARGE,
We feel assured the y will meet a libe
eral resp onse to their offer, for "bulsi f
ess" likes "business" t donit e cheaply
-thlis, Chambers & Bny hee propose
to do-foe nothing,
Wickedhss.-Not a bad heart,
rnt a diseased Liver, is often the
cause sf violence of temd.er, vindic
tiveness, and sometimes crime ; for,
when the spleen is affected, the heart
is clogged in its better impulses, for
want of action to carry off the bile.
"I have used Sim mons' Liver Reg
ulator, if not only e btt often, aor
can contidentry assert it has done me
more good than any other medicine
I have ever used. I think it is the
greatest medicine for diseased Liver
atde in the world. Many of myNose
neghlbors have used it, and all will
say as much if not more than I do for
its virunes.
,'JOIIN J. ALLEN, Bibb county, Ga,"i
Why Sutler from Cold in the Head!
Dr. J. 1I. McLean's C-itarrh Snuff
soothes and cures. Infallible for
Catasthi and any Sores in the None.
Trial boxes 50 lts, by mail. Dr. J:
11. McLean, St. Louis.
DI D Ip.
POWELL---At 12t o'clock A. Di.,
\W'edcHsday, Frh, 28th, 1877, AIJIEE
LIOLSE, Infalit da~ighter of \V. B Pow
cll aind Julia A. Hullard.
Let them die,
Let themn die now, thy children! iethy
Shall wear their hbeautiful iwltge all
W\ithin it to the last.
L:I'.\I'LMIER---At 11 o'clock A. M.,
Molnday, 'Feb. 2th, 1877T. DAVID L. Lt:
PAUL1Il.ll. sou of Louis D. LeP'aul
uiier, aged 19 years.
FREE
WAEEHOUSEV
CHAMBERS A BARBEE,
GRAND ECORE, LA.
No charges for storage made on Cotton'
or Freight consigned to our care.
March 3.--1m.
THE NEW STAND.
.J1. Perini,
Onl St. Denis Street.
Finest Old COGNAC BRANDY, Purest
WHISKIES, First-class WINES, Import
ed mad Domestic CIGARS and the
Lager Beer EMPORIUI of th. City,
St. Louis antd Milwaulkee creamy beer otf
tap. Drink and grow fat and never
forget A. PERINI.
Feb 24. tf
FROGM HER ASHES.
The Pluenix has put on new life and nol
caters for public favors.
J Warren Suddath
has taken charge anud DAN now dispensed
the choicest
BRANDIES,
WHISKIES,
LIQUORS,
CIGaAR
&t.
RICH ST. LOUIS BEER ON DRAFTr
Don't forget, ye thirsty, the PHmci
on St.. eftis Street.
Feb. 241ly
HUTSON'S
LLVIERY and FEED
STAfLEr .
St. Denis St., NATCIIITOCHIES, La:
IS PREPARED to accomnodate the'
pnublie in everything iU the Feed and
Livery line. Stable is tirst-class and ar
ranged especially for the couvenieu.de'and
comfort of stock.
FEED FOR HORSE $1 PER DAY.
Ihcks anl buggies on hire and fur
nished promptly on application.
R. P. IIUTSON.
I'eb. 17-1y. Prorietor.