SCirculalionl of Any
I'-:ntry paper in Uie tatle.
f Subscription.
year . ..... 1. I5
S~niption tth
P 0 b , t taike a for leuss than 4;
S1S3
,Sjj Ki1A s,1'Y E S
OLCAL GIOLEANINGS
Cane River is gainig down rapidly.
A heavy rain and wind storm visited
jissection on Wednesday.
' ,J B. Elam, Ml. C., has our thanks
bouand copies of mesago and Doeu
Bents.
Dobson thinks his wife has got religion,
because she is always singing "Sweet,
$ny and Buy" to him.
In Chicago a reverend gentleman is
lectnring on ",Wine, Water. Women, Wit,
jw om," and it's enough, they say, to w
bp with laughter.
Emma Baily and Emma Colby are hill
,d to ru a foot race in Virginia City,
'~evada. This will be, we suppose, what
the printers call a two-enm dash.
Goto McCook & Brp. for planta
tion supplies, &c.
Case river continnes to decline rapidly
sd we have had about our last boats
this season. The Grand Ecore Ware
semen are correspondlingly happy.
The bog hole on Washington street is
getting to be very alarming. Chickens
ad pits have mired down and it is well 4
,ibimpaseiblo for horsemen apd vehi
jibe lot wagpns at reduced prices
at gcCook & Bro.
Tobacco was named in honor of its dis
erer, O. C. Cabot, a brother of Sebas
tieCabot. They just spelled his name
stkwards.-Graphic.
Plug up; that's nuff--we don't 8lews
tolieve that story.
'Whe bright lexicon of youth,', in which
htbre iano such word as fail," doesn't
aemtobe a very popular dictionary in
tbeRBetauraut business just now.
" thbey miss you at home 1" lie asked, o
esbe folded and put away a letter she s
ildjuatrIceived from her moether. "Nev- 1
r," ihe answered; "they call me "Sis.' "
EBggies and Wagons for sale at re
dace prices at McCook & I lro.
Our Job Office is second to none in the
state, and we are doing work at Xori/hr7n
prices. During the past month we have h
hadafineranof work and have given t
unmiversal satisfaction. All we ask is a e
trial.
A potoflatl exploded the other day
ard a lesa woman immediately got tfat.
baegot it all qver her from head to foot.
and looked as if she had jnst taken a
(riptoOrease.- Ex
' Didsheexelaim : "Lard have mercy i"
There is a man in New Jersey, who,
wav while asleep, manages to watch a
able'h"y his bedside-or, rather, we c
oould say, keeps his eye on it. N. B. -
t's a glass eye.
f SACKS Texns Rust Proof Oats
_ just received at MeCook & Bro I
A" Boffalo schoolmarm was kiss-ed in the
'dltk one evening, ainl has not had a light I
fa the house since.--Ex. t
Now, if we were to kiss a schoolmarm
iesbould go for her cheek.
A Newbnrg goat, the other day, devour- t
ldan entire novel at one sitting. That's
W yeu might call a regular swallow- 1
*p *tt
iote.--Re's now waiting for them to
--- te yaller-backs a legal tender.
- "I come to ask yourh band," said alover j
tbis St. Louis sweetheart. 'Youask a
ptat deal," replied she; and he thought I
s, too, when she finally succonmbed, and I
mtly laid in his a nestling, soft, white
sw two sizes larger than a goose. - Chi
go Journal.
,eo Cook & Bro. is stil'l receiving a
Sline of all styles of goods at low
.prices and to suit the times. -
i gbt Rev. Bishop LeRay, Catholic
Sp of this Diocese has been absent on
:, throughout his diocese visiting its
~IQ~ ,zo churches and confirming mem
SIfor some weeks. He is expected to a
'~ within a few days. c
S'OtbienW Cwail Bray, Esq., of Vernon
paid us a visit during the week.
'rit is one of Vernon's leading citi
sat we were more than pleased to
him. *h
S lf. H.Jack, has resigned from the
Sbaeedl bard. We are sorry in- p
itolearn this, as Col. Jack was one a
best members; but his large private p
and practice would no longler
. hiqz.to devote his time to public 81
re, muceh to his regret. ft
. "Why will men amoke cor. P
1htobacco, when they can boy Mar- tc
:-'1:* po. 'Seal of N.'orthl Carolina,' at
#lcf Feb )9 78-ly. b
and Crawford Pressly Eaq
'·i: iI~7, visited the VINDICAToR
W-$uitl Tuesday. They report the r
t:$heir neighborhood in good -i
- M fully alive to the political sit- h
I line of all grade goods at re- to
priGes at McCook & Iro. e
gave his yougest son a box of tode i
ealrt bottle of mucilage. And now hi
h it is his turn to treat himself.
treating himfelf to a new carpet, a ni
Atble, reveral rolls of wall-paper, ri
section ofrattan. P
'tggested, thbs parents be made je
le-ponsible if their children Li
apma thin ice. Their danger is Jr
lndece synmpathetie persons to H
Sreione, and thuslives that are C1
- atuabnr mabejnutinperl ,.
Ounr Judge, D. Pierson, with the larger
portion of the Bar Messrs. Jack, Cnti
ninghiam, Chaplin and others-departed
'I for Sabine parish on Sunday morning to
attend the sitting of the District Court.
Our ol]friend M. J. Cunningham, Esq.
r0 returned oil Monday to his old hoirne. Joe
5o is a host and his well-wishers are legion,
8 and they all join us in congratulations on
his permanent return to hispeople.
The Treasurer's office was crowded on
Saturday last with public school teachers
drah ing their last pay installmenit. It
was thetir universal opinion that the
Board had acted fairly and honorably
by them all and they were lavish il coim
,p- dliments to our School managers and
party.
4. 0 PLOW. dlifferent styles and
t f)lJ make at McCook & Bro.
Capt. Green, Chief Surveyor N. O. Pa
cific Railroad, has been engaged during
the week in running lines of survey for
the railroad hence to Red River. The
terminus upon Red river has not yet hbeen
ks delinately settled, nor has the ex'act route.
u Enough however is known to make the
construction of the road a certainty.
"' J. Alphonse Prudhomme, Esq., adverti
'ses his celebrated thoroughbred Bull, An
dover, to stand a short season at his plan
is tation ou Cane river. Parties desiring to
t, ilmprove their stock should not miss this
w opportunity, as Andover is of fine blood
and himself a thing of beauty.
The Ladies' Catholic Aid Society will
y' give a supper on the 4th of March -even
at ig of coise, to which all are specially
invited. The proceeds of their supper
1- and bazaar to be given to the repair and
cleaning of the Cemnet,,ry. We trust our
Iv people will come forward to a man and
ts patronize these ladies in their laudable
e. undertaking
The Bart Able acld Behan were both at
is our mud bank on WedInesday last. The
Is latter came up through Ca'ne liver and
11 delivered the Bart Able's freight. The
i- Able went up as high as East Point
Imouth of Loggy Bayou) on Rlhd river.
3 She departed hence with 760 bales of cot
ton and a large lot of sundries.
- The best savings bank heard from late
" ly is a snow hank on MIt.. Wamhintgton.
Sergeant Cone, who was going down hill
. forty miles an hour, tost his balance, and
was deposited in the bank ; his life was
saved, but it took some time to restore
h his circulation.
't Is hte going at par ?
n
A red-haired lady, who was ambitious
1, of literary distinction, found but a poor
e sale for her book. A gentleman, in spea
king of her d isappointnment, said : "Her
hair is red, if her book is not." An audi
tor, in attempting to relatic the joke else
where, s:dd : "She has red hair, if her
book hasn't.."
n Every emotion of the human heart has
e been wreathed in posey except, perhaps. I
n the feeling of joyous complacency that I
a corm's to a tnal Ln whlie h inds he has
dodged the coindlrictor in a crovded street
Scar, and got the start of it stvliless llonop- i
. oly to the extent of a nicklc--Cinciunati M
t* Breakfast Table. s
Ptrulsoxnt.--We had thle pleasure oft
" greeting Mr. Lafargune, proprietor of tlhe t
o, Marksville Bnllctin, who is on a short vis- i
a it to our city. Mr. Lafairgue is an un- 1
e conmpronlising Democrat and his paper is 1
Soine of the first country journals in the
State. We extend tohim a cordial greet
ing and trust his stay with us will be t
Spleasant. 1
e Married:--At the residence of the t
it Bride's father, Mr John J. A. Martin, in t
this parish on the evening of the 14th
Sinst., by the Reo. Atwood, W. A,BocxDs f
to Miss M. L. MARTIN. 5
To the newly wedded couple we wish
Sthem a long and happy life, a life ofcom
fort, and as free from the misfortunes of
life as it is possiblA to be. We thank
them for the nice piece of cake sent us;
o and we must own that our friend Bounds
has proven himself a hero, a man of good t
r judgment and fine taste. May he never
a regret the choice he has made, and may
it his bride ever feel that she has been
d blessed in this union for life.
. We beg to call the attention of MT. C
Manhein's advertisement. Hie is offering (
a large stock of Groceries at Grand Ecore C
at such prices as to defy competition.-- k
His stock of forage-Oats, Corn, Hay, t4
Bran &c., is the largest iu the parish, and I
c parties desiring to purchase would do o
a well to give him a call. c
S We are pleased to noteJthe active move
a ment of our Methodist friends towards g
constructing their church. Rev. Mr. 1:
a Iough is not only an able minister, but
he has the good of his congregation and
Stheir welfare at heart as well. This com
Smunity must testify their appreciation of t
him in some substantial manner.
a I Kahn comes to the front as an enter- a
- prising business man with his butcher 11
c ard. He has added to his fine daily sup
Sply of Beef, Veal, Pork and Mutton, an
Sassortnment of dried ransages and BeefI tt
and on Wednesdays' and Saturdays' the o
finest of Flemmings' Lake Trout, White it
SPerch and Bass, fresh from the clear wa
ters of that delightful Lake, will be on
sale. This is a want supplied and we
bespeak fur Mr. Kahn a liberal patronage.
The n9ext numnber of the VistcATon if
will be of an enlarged form-giving oure
readers nearly fiur columns more of read
ing matter than now. The VISmcATOIu
has been enterprising from the hour of
its birth, and has advanced step by step
to the highest point of excellence. We ci
edit and Imblish a paper second to none
in Louisiana, and deserve of our people a
handsome suppott.
Mi. W, I. Tunnard, District Clerk, fur- P1
nishes us with the following list of mar- 21
riage licenses issued, since our last, 1ii
Paul Antoine to Miss Susan Bound, aj
Robert Smith, " Britannia Rutherford, pl
Leontine Metoyer ' Eulalie M. Metoyer
Joseph Bustamentes '' Julia Davis,
Harry Nash, Jr., " Hettie Holmes. SI
CharlieTelfry, " Christiana Davis, *
Isaac Taylor, " Lacinda Ellen, .
e Prof. Tice. predicts the following as tlhe
l- "probable ea\\'her" for the week ending
Ed Saturday March 2d. 2ith and 25th rising
to telnlperature, but cold, if Ieavy stornms
have occu-rrced. 25th to 28th cloluding.
threatenintg weather, with heavy rains
g' and snows in places. 20th and 27th will
h' Ie warm or cormparatively warm while
ti' the 25th a ndl 28th will he cold or coerpa
>8 tively cooler days. 1st and 2d March
moderating, clear ,r fhir.
n '"The drrnrnim r cnoes down like the twolf
rs on the fold,"
It whiskey and Clothing chealdy he sol
Slieh visited the saloons, hlie handled the,
I- lie skipld around lively, and chinned
id not a few,
After which he goes on to the next
d place and talks ablout Natchitoches
dauiiis its busitness n, and particularly
cusses its hotels. So rmuch for the drum
ir livine Service. with. a solemn requiemi
e Btass, was celebratel1 in our Cathledral on
ITh'lirsday last in honor to the numemory
ard Ilrninrlrilg for the dead Pont illf--Pins
e IX. The children of his flock. untlllller
ing two hu'dred millions souls over lihe
wide world, are called riion to weep over
i- the deatl of this aged King- this iios,
- good mllan ; God's vicegerent on earth.
r" The chllurches of Christendom werel , dli
a ring the past fiw days thronged with vo
taries andl tears are falling fron matny
I yes andl prayers are rising from iimy
lips - the sad otleirngs of sincere hearts
for the d,'ad Spiritual leader. Public
buildinrs were closed ald oflicial busi
rnes Was suspelded gelitrally thlroglhout
the civilized wvtor rl iIon the announce
Irtliet of the death of t'ius IX, and till
crcedsc hasten to do honor to himr, who
r
was beloved of all men. His ernd was
peaceful. lie rests in the bihsom of his
(eod.
We acknowledge the fodllowing sub
t scriptions to the VINxrrtATon for the
e week ending to-day.
l Mrs M. J. Williams, Bienville Parish.
e P. E. Prudblomme, Coast,
t Berd Metoyer, "
Carroll Jones, "
J. Alp. Prudhmonr e, "
W. A. Ponder, Natchitoches.
C. A. Presly, "
E. II. Hornier,
.Jos. (Hury, "
,los. Hlenry, Virginia.
Ii. Manhein, (:Grand iaeote.
J. J. Kirk, Ainnacoco, Vernon Parish.
W. T. itchltll, " " "
J. J. Billingsly, Black Land "
Henry Collins, Wa:lnut Hill "
C. J Marbateker, Grappe's Bluf.
B. S. Lee, Coushatta.
W. T. liarnett, St. Maurice.
Wr e have added over t50 nmew suthbcri
hers to ouir list witlhin the past tfr weeks c
and our regular issue is now si.l-lthrttc '
qirres. We ask any etrnrtry paper in thile
St.tte to ste-p forward and contend tfor the
hlorns with us. Our mark is one hurn
dred quires arntl we intend to have on our
Iooks that maniy subscribers within three
t molnths.
The Parent of Insomnlia
lThe parent tf insomnia or w1:kefnldess S
is ill lllne cases out of tenl a d-i,(-~etic
stclnacht. Goodl digestioli gives sourlll
sleep, irluigestion interferes with it The
bIrain :r1d stomach Nympathize. One of
fthe IlpromieCllt symptomls a weak state of I
the gIstric organs is a disturhancre of the
-great nerve entreiot, the brain. Invigo
rate thie stomnach, a:ln youn restore equlli
birirllm to thie great cen-tre. A nrost relia
s Ible medictline fior the purpose is liostet
ter's Stomach Bitters, which is thr prefer
'lite to mIllinleral sedatives and powertrlihl
narcotics which, though they mnay for a
tirrre exert a soporific infineuce upon the '
brain, soon cease to act, and invariahly I
injuire the tone of the stomach. The Bit
ters on the contrary, restore activity to '
the opernltions of that all important or
garl, and their benificent intleuere is re
flected in sound sleep and a tranquil
state of the nervous system. A whole
sone impetus is likewise given to the ac 1
tion of the liver and bowels by its use.
Feb. 2-4t.
FConsumption Cured.-Au old physi
cian, retired front practice1 having had
placed in his hands by an East India
minssionary the fortnu'a of a sinpide vege
table remedy; for the speedy anid perma
neut cure of consumption, bronchitis,
catarrrh, asthnma, and all throat iand lungr
afiections, also a positive and radical
cure for nervous debility and all nervons
complaints, after having tested its won
derfil curatrve powers in thousands of
cases, has felt it his duty to make it r
known to his sufftering fellows. Actur- a
ted by this motive, and a desire to re
lieve human snffering¶ I will senld, free (
of charge, to all who desire it, this re
cipe mn Germann , French, or English,
with frill directions for preparing and
using. Sent by mail by addressiug with
stamp, naming this palper, WV. W. Sherar,
126 Powers' Block, Rochester, N. Y.
Richard Henry Wilde, is thie man
who "fixed" the radicals to vote for a
the amendments, Wilde is a Demo- n
crat from the Sixth ward, Orleans, G
and belongs body and soul to Charley c
Howard of the Lottery Co. s
Dimitry has written a history of o
this State and it has been adopted as
one of the State schools series. Dinm- i
itry is's genius evidently; if he isn't, t
then we know not what hie is, for as
a historian hle is a dead falur'e. lie n
gbis off a good joke, however, and it ,
deserves recording for its originality t
if for nothing else. IIe says we have ,
a republican constitution vesting the
power of the govcrnment in four
"supreme, co-ordinate branches; the o
Executive, the Legislative the Judi
cial and the Educational."
The Silver Bill. tl
On February 15th the Silver Bill p
passed the Senate by a vote of 148 to I
21. It goes to the House where ah
like two-thirds majority in its favor ti
are ready to greet it, while the peo- I
ple everywhere are rejoiced.
"Louisiana is too poor to hold a t
State Convention," yet she can lend a
$2,000,000 to construct a Railroad. a
Gen. Joha Youag where are you aoew
l Our Special N. 0. ('oPrespondence.
The Gallant Kii!d in MAr'lor.
i A North Lo:zisiiana Senator Talks.
N,.:w Onr,):A.xs, Feb. 18th 1878.
I The last ~ iN ek wa.s (n of tni1 ex
,- 'iteiient. The ('onstitutional Ani'nd
Slun 'ts W\ere Upon tll ehe, l aphl i. l the 11.r01
,f I'epres.nitatv,cs and were dblat'ed at
greatlh le,gtlh. 'There was but one char.
act'ristic spl.,"h, however,. anud that was
That i clrii l vir\ Bic , t fich ioth you I lr. I,
tho iughti ti'et wei ago, l 1,1tl b n si
I l e lc h by thei ' ulile'is rky ati losphere oft i
New Orleans, rang out in ll, its glory
and liatriotlw' granldenr. Notwithstiinl
d ing. h, I 'vas the last speaker, and all
secnwdl w\rli out, yet For an hunl', he
;t was listrned to, with wra'ippd attention,
_ ani\ whin he clluted his masterly eftiirt
in favor of :t aL invelit iun, the whole
i massii of lihnuan breings ini that densely.
I packed root applaudedlll. thelit Republi
cins i oiinig in thlie appilllliase.
The fllo',wers of rhlithric \\woven iinto
Shis nniiiiis eraiblle a;l.'ni' i ients fr ia Con
Viitintii, w it'r' biaitiful and deilh'iate, aind
adorning as they du0, ithe great ililit in
detlfi'lse of the rights o1f lthe In'ople' will
i b li nulil:lli,- d. lHlis p r ira t ll i l ilig
- li alppel to the ('reole i o iihrls of the
l Iegislatiure to staniid lip for lti ir iiativ'e
he arth, \5as Oinle iof thlie o11st eia tifuil
iild touching slprimcieiS of true Ora
tory I 'i ave listened to l'lllll . ny loing
.years. Intt all of Mt'. Kiihl's rIeastiing
aidii powiv'ifll argialitne its ii ,ul,l not aivert
the sword of 1 amieles, for :ta fw t inn
lit's aft lerwards thie votie was taken, and
y tile Wene ii, lby a ajiilor i lt of only tjire.
entered the ftr,'erm is citadel to dlst'oi
the altiar whteie the poplit wcrshi ip.
S You will si' by the' pai: crs that ten of
e the ('oust ittiinall Aniidlllneits have
hieel litisse,'d--hiut will the peoplel pass
t then. The llRalicals say here. that they
voted for theli' iassage to defellat a ('nl
niitioln, and they intend to vote giiinist
I then when tIhey are placed litn toe the
Spr'eople tfr' adoptllio, andl tlhe twently
.iVl'ii gallanit s.pirits who dllLarl to ide
fiil lth' inipel rilleld rightS ot' the It olle,.
5 will go htie'fre that pli,,ple and iake it
li iksll e-ailn still pa1cmiii ili their liri fet'
cue fur a Coistitiuti;ial Co'ventiiin,
Will rntife Clown the Anii,,.dnilnts to the
B presentl ilnfamiilts and rotten conc'rli'r
lthough every Radlical in thei State sloiild
Svote the same wiay.
The ruling 1,olitiical 1pc liehe, how
I'Vl'lr, is lthe recent del'hoinlents of a
North Louisiana Senator, in regard to
the Nieholls anid Ililayi compirolmise. Ile
says that. last winteri, a Tel' egra in was
set to the Senate to ie consideredl in
seilet se ssit, ( ,, ihy tv. 'Nichoills, siginled
by ('onlt i.stioe ll n il oi and Ellis. Ion
taiiniinjt lhi:' lb sis ohf cil,'peiil>e.
That IHs ttltiaco was i1isci"ioed for
iman lmi's-allnlt ,--anl1 it w'. fiiial
ly lirlrld to tlegr. th hak to Wash
ingtlitnt, t l l t he 'ilm tillliou Wais l
ceplted. This ionitrl lcs Niehitlls. t il
ait 1.1d1 of' it. for it ha.s lbeen the helief
itof a n ijoriity itf the lIcoltle, that it was
il: w o Ir ha:ld iai:lde thei cnitract with
)haves. lanil noIil oe' else. lhit few mttte
halve d.lubitilt i for a iolnelt, but that
sullch a Coliptioiiii.,e was miiade.
Now. il t his iinpromiise', which the
Senate, or a nliajority thereof, agreed to t
isake with '4aves & Co., it is sail by
lite S' ie'ilniut' inlci ntaiil a clause to the
Seffet'ct, that the Iet'trning lioaird, as onie
oft' the conditioions it of citliiise were
unt to le pi'rslId-lloit peisen telt, as
has hi'in sai,. I w ill linot tli her' to
disens cie iproriity of such a st p. lint
- will siully remaink, ii plsniit, that it
seelms tii tie', that all huittian reasMoniig is
fallible, antil often ii,-leads, that, h: I
Tilden lbei allowetd to take his seat,
Nicholls wiotuld lhi ye been (lovernor.
Il om ti ,e cry fiorce of' circintl.-tanc is
then why sli uch aii l , eiuproi,
':"'V ove sa'inelmit whith I believe to
hii*' sh.,stantiiallv ('ori'tct, lifts the veil
whicth has hhidden, hir'tilt re, 'ioim the
lpeile's \elew, how "'Nicholls weint ii
1li airi's 1:ll aidt lid t ,at i o l lioss
hl .Io I ,iily have alore to say on0 this
stli ect at another timhe.
(.iv. W.lls is out of prison on a bond
of $2,0t i, atii is as, tacitrlli ats a m Id
trinle Ic1 really looks sad. Tomi, An
dirisoi is still in lin ito, an, o sly lie
lich ig that he will ohitain a new trial,
antld tlhein "tile clouds which now losverI
ipollt his houle, will in the dead ocean le I
himiiied." Jnllgc Wihitaker rany gra.iit
hint a ttew ttrial-a Iiew. jury til acli' it
himn-Xicholls nuiat pardon, at all this
will not wipe out the sltain which hie
for that will bi e like the shirt of Nesns
nid Itl1 rnesis, with al whole rotine of
hamintory demons will howl along his
pathway in this world, nid paint hi.
wsshen lie ieches the other side of the
mridgid and bitter waters of Lethe, the
high way, that leads to the deep, dark,
Luiniug caverns of the dainuiied.
Ob) LINE WIIIG.
Article 135 constitution of 1868, de
dares there shall be no separate
schools or institutions established ex
clusively for any race by the State,
and all our children without regard
to color shall be admitted in common
to all public schools. Our "amend
ment" legislators "compromised" that
article and it is to remain.
Cotton Receipts.-
Received previously, 5,414 bales.
" during the week 209 "
Total 5,613
The present Adnministration-save '
the judiciary, to which all honor-has
an idea that the success of govern. c
mont is based on "sWl8ps and bar- '
gains." They prove this by their
conduct, Principle is a thing to be C
scoffed at by these .worthy "Conser
vatives" as "isentient.t And they t
claim to be "honorable," these same Ii
men ; and pray, what is "honor ?" Is I
it not a "senfimeeuL" What is vwr
The truth is we have mistaken our
nmen. We wanted statesmen, and p
we have drawn in the election lottery '
trading jugglers, who are ignorant r
alike of principle and public opinion.
The "Conservative Governor" took ?
occasion to denounce the Knights of
Moaimu for caricaturing Grantismn last
Spring, but we'll bet a nickel he has I
no apology to offer to the people for
the !outrageous act of disturbing a
peaceable assemblage of eitizens who o
met to petition. Oh, no-Northert n
howlers are of much more considera- n
tion than the tax ridden people of
Louisiana.
We hear that more thau one coun
try member is ashamed to come home )
after making such a dead failkre I
as they have in the assembly this ri
year.
Old Line Whig.
Our colnmnls this week contain a
letter from this able writer and close
observer. which will be persied twith
interest by all. The Correspondent
deals in startling revelations, but he
does not tell us what that "''bargain
with Hayes was. lie leaves us to
judge of that however, by simply
referring to the nets of the adminis
tration for the past twelve months.
The ")greement".' not to prosectirc
the leturning Board demlnads ac
tion. Here is something beyond or
- dinary com promises. This is cmun
pounding a felony, and all parties
thereto should be brought to hook.
We suggest that the Grand Jury
of New Orleans take action in thit.
matter at once. Let every rman who
had any thing to do with it, be either
Ipunislied or acquitted. If Anderson
and \\Wells are guilty, those who
would aid them to escape are equally.
so.
The (onslitlltional Atmenenhiuets.
They will bIe votei do aii!
And whyl
Simply because PlilSP'rPIE will
never again make any conplroimise
with exlpediency.
We haive tllked to every body
aro'nid us, and they are of the same
opinion. 'Tlheir cry is, no comlpro
raise ! and lthese ainendments are
clearly conplromises. They stop
short of what is demainded .by the
people --and reqinired by their sit eno
tion. They dally itith evils instead l
of icorrectig them. 'lThe color ques
tion is settled by destioyini pnhle t
schliiols. T'rhe power of the legisla
ture is inot restricted, on the conitrary
it is eiilairgcd.
These alllendients will be beaten, I
for if they should not, ieyv will e I
used as aln aiglilient against a Con- (
titulitionlal Conlvention for years to I
come.
No ! The iings rmust lie destroyed.
We lmust have a l)Democratic Consti- i
tultionl, and the Iront step in thlit
dir(etionn, is lhe defieat of the plroplo
sedll aiutellnd nts. Our llple will
vote against thlenim--good or hiad!
lind1 Draws his Pay,
No. 15.] AN ACT
For the relief of Albert Lemnore or the
parish of Orleans.
:,Triotx . lb il o hii edi by' tre ,ie -
a t e am id lH . v .e (e l 1 , ,i 1 n' a , ic , , , ,f i b. f
bly ,auriii'i'd, 'hat thel Audiitor of Puh
lic Accounts sslle to Albert einore,
f thie p:urisle oif Orl.ans a warrant el
pOlir the State T'lreasurer for the S-m n
of two ihoulanld sit hlindled a(Ill
fouir dollairs, in payinenmt of theu vouch
ters, nuliberel'e l onel hudll rl' and ei h- N
tU-six, ouli le iu dii lihiii' d .; l i ileity j luid
oilc hlunrdl and iiiniiely-ouiie. issued t
by W A i. lbhitien, chiairnrui of ('oni-l
i ilitte. c,:' Anditinig ani SUlp:iervising
t Ilhe explslh's( of tile Senate, aod Lou is C
A. W Vll. Lien-eaiint Governor and h
Prel di'nt ot' tE h Si-na e. to E. L. We
hr. G(. I. Haulet and R. IlmOt, coOn- C
teiSting einatorst, regil;lr sissioi 1877.
S t'. 2. le it fwtrlhcr enached, tc , tl
Th:t th.re le uipplropriiatcd ont of' th'
'inlds of :the year one tllc houlsand eiglit y
hinlllidred an d seveiity-lsveen, not oilth- 1
thoiuani' lliid forty-eight dollars to
Albert Lellore, of tihe parish of Or
hloans, in satisfaclion of the war'rallt
1hichl is ierein proviled to be issued,
anld of tllouse which hve lieeni order
id to be issucld by Jiidgnment No 8307
of the Fifth District Court ot the
parish of Orleans, ii thie case enrti
tled, 'State of Louisiana on relaltion
of Albert Lotmore vs. Allen Jumnel
Andlitor.
SEc. 3. Be it furtlher, enacted, etc.,
That this acnet have eflict from and
after its ipaa5ge.
(Signed) LOUIS BUSII.
Speaker of the House of Represen
tatives.
(Signed) LOUIS A. W1LTZ.
Liceutenant Governor nlid President
of the Senate.
Approved F'ebruary 9th, 1878.
(Sigued) FRANCIST. NICHIOLLS,
Governor of the State of Louisiana
A trle copy:
WILL. A. STrno.va,
Secretrny of State.
This is a nice way to act "refolim"
-paying Blunt who never was elect
ed, and who filed hi.E colntest, which,
according to tile "agreement" he was
not to do. Robinson, of St. Landry,
failed us in calling the ayes and noes.
The D)octor is "devlish sly," and got
in one of his dodges on us. HIowev
er, the- black list must embrace the
whole Senate.
We miost particularly request the
citizens of this Senatorial District,
who are on the verge of starvation
to rememnber that the "Conservative
element" paid a scouulndrel who had
no right to the money nearly two
thousand dollars for resisting the
honest and rightful goverlnmentil of
the State. Truly, rascality has its A
"rewards."
Newport, R. I., bonsts a rarity in the
iersoni 'if oa manl who rleci-llEy weclt to
his cilhloyer inld askeld hiiii to dock his i
wagi'es 30 er cent, ias he tholught he was
receiving uor',e than he earned.
The man has since voluntarily gone
to tho iisalie asylum. o
NOTICE.
IN PURSUANCE of an ordinance of the
Board of School Directors, all persons
holding unpaid Schoot Warrants for 1876,
and previous years, are hereby notified to
present the snme to me, at my office, on
or before the 28th day of February next,
in order that the same may be adjusted
and settled, out of such funds as may re
main from the apportionmonts of these
years. A. E. LEIMEE,
Jan 26-5t Treas. S hool Board.
BUIST'S CARDEN SEEDS.
A FULL supply direct from growers.
Also onion sets and genuine Early
Rose potatoes. Those desiring fresh and.
reliable seeds will buy no other.
SFor sale by J. C. TRICHEL,
Jan u Wa shington Street.
RELIGIOUS COiUMN.
a Edited b3 the Rev. T. J. Ifough.
It On thie Illi iniit the imieihers of the
Met lhodlist Church, and a nuinhe.r ofillntlll
ential citizens met at the residlence or V.
A. Itarrotn in this city, for the purpose of
taking active mneasures towards thle eree
o tion ofa clhurch house for the Methodist.
Y Clitch liat this plaitw,.
.Jldge I)aviid P'ierson was electedl chair
mnan,: Thoma.s l'. Porter sel t,;uy
(.n motion 1f 'Wn" II. Jack, the Follow
Sinug 'miied personst were elected a build
tig colnutiltte, viz: .Judge It Pierson.
,ItJohn F. D)utiletnan andi T'1'heodiiorL Hal
Icr.
On miotion of' C. C. ."Sc'ar'ltough, J. J.
McCook, J . '. ;Uniipell aitnd Iev.T. J.
11iiugh wcre elccte.d :as a ctominiittce on
finance.
Resol\ed, That thlie finrnee connuittee
hei: iiiwei 11 to plrocleed at once to S,
licit anld coli:ct sll ebscrilptions, i111N to col
hlet what aiionnts have alinady been
.iiubscriled towards the ercctiont of the
r church buihling.
Resolvd, That no contractsht' entered
inla. mill no molies be 4xlwhend until
sulticiiient 'llds have hl ea coll,,ictld forl
cinmleting thei building noxw unider con
sidralt ion.
ItyV r1ut1lstl thlit Secretary lllnoutitlc's
that the Iuniihlig ('.tinite tl.re ' ow
realtly to reei\'e s)peciientaion of ºlr ilidil'
to lie :c'teo ipanieid wit aI nn it oillll f u" t iii
her and other materials and itihluintg to
tal expense o'f ereting sante. The liniil
ing ('trnlnittee will give any iiintri'atiol
dh-irnd I. to Icantliies.
BY" rtq I stI the Seritiarvy :1ison ainiouln
Its t tI h in llane'v iu'inliitte ae treteady
to re.,ive 1 '!1r1h1r contrihuttions, a1)d they
nut ifs this'. who have alr:eadly suhserite l
to coniºe tort. wa':rrd t Cc llll l d ipay the
amount of their subsciriltiouis.
S IIt fu'rlthr aunouinces that two-thi.uh
of thit ninlilll1 supposed to la necessltry
tfr lb co mnllhtion of the building has al
Sre:ulý" been slts'rilied iand it is hloped
Sant believed that the. r.minailnin amnlont
will Ihe suhstriidi and lIotil within thirt v
days, so that thlt holdilting maiy be co0lt
Sonveed lon the first of April.
The nieetitig uidjoart ed suhjeet to teh
,':ill of the chaliniii, or iii his absence ut
the call of Rlie. T..1. 1hIto gh.
TIIOS. F. PORTER, Ste.
Clippings',
A ion of f ishop of Southgate, fornmally
lEpiscopal ishtqp of Cioastaitittnople, has
been r'ceiv'ed into thIi Romnan (''tho lie
Chur'h at Baltimore, togetl her with the
Rev. Mr. hMurphey of the lapti:;t Chnrcb.
A copy of the minutets of the Loui iana
Atnnn:il Ci:lfi rnce tecently eilI at (Opw
lnis:i, has hecin received, showing a de
eiddl incrlas' in every dptrtlntl of t o he
c(hut h during the p"; ; , ,r. We set' fronm
tile nmint l's that thlee rne " 5 tray
cling prjcimhers; S'evnty-six lohal penach
trs. and fif'teen thotsanwl anti twenty-two t
act lul nwmil rs of thli Methodist Church
in this State. Duini g the past year here
were 161 buaptismns. There are 125 clhurch
builhlinigs, and 22 lParsonagcs in this
State.
Henry Ward Beecher, more than any
other man of this age, has hr''n success
ful in unsettling thel mindis of lhe people
ol religitlus sul'jec-ts.
Fattier Deinliy, a Jesuit priest, station
ed at Balt imoire, is a millionaire. Iii=
niothei-r was Mrs. Eiizibeth Denny, of
'it tbugllr, who diel a few years ago, I
worth about six miillion of dlollars.
Services at the Protestiant Church in I
this city on the first and second Salthtths
by Rev. T. J. RIough of the Methodist
Church, and on the thirn and fourth Sab
haths by Rev. Mr. Cameron of the Epis- I
copal Church.
The first Quarterly Meeting of the Mui
thodist Church fur this station for the
year L878, will be held ott the l7th and
18th of March. RIev. Robt. Randall Pre
aidini Elder wvill be in attendance.
.-AND -
GRAND ECORE
Weekly Packet!
FOR .
Grand Ecore,
Moontgomery,
Alexandria,
Norman's,
Barbin's,
AND ALL WAY LANDINGS.
TIHE STEAMER
SNEW
BART ABLE:
RICHARD SINNOTT,....... ,Master.
G. C. HMILTro, ..............Clerk.
All Freight consigned to Stearmer BART
ABLE, or her Agent Capt. R. W. Adanas,
will be forwarded free of Drayage or
Storage.
Leaves New Orleans every Saturday at
5P. M.
Leaves Nathlitoches and Grand Ecore,
returning, every T'lueday, lt 12 M.
Leaves Alexandria, returning, every
Wednesday, at 12 IM.
For Freight or passage apply on Board,
or to her Agents,
R. W. ADAMS, 21 Commercial Place.
JULES MESSI, Grand Ecore, La.
Feb. 9-ly.
A. M. GARRETT'S
BOARDING HOUSE,
CAMPTE, LA.
TRANSIENT travelers cntertained
&with hospitality, ant, fnrnished with
the best the market affords.
Singhle mi:s at regular hours ....25 Cts.
" when ordered......50
Lodging.................. ....25 "
Horue Feed............. ......25 "
F14b. 2 '78-ly.
; Get your JOB PR]INT IG
lone at the VINDICATOR Office.
HENRY GEN:US.
Worker in 'Tin, topper aInd
SIIH lT f iON.
Cornwr |"rout and "T'rudei u Streets,
NATCIIITOCIIES, LA.
,Wholesale anl Retail dealer in all kindls (of
HEATING AND COOKING STOVES
and: sole agent for the celehated clhamupiou
CHARTER OAK
cooking stove. All stoves sold at iman
uital uIer'T' lridnit; w it I1 freigitll atll'Id.
Manufaltulrer of p1lah1 an1d fInccy Tin
Ware Metallic rtfin+g, t c., tIr"
A large anad scle.t lt)ck of Tin Ware
anid lionse F tl'uisi inii.g good oi 111ll
(;l:T'TI:ING. l )Ot)FING. and all nuin
nlr ol'.'Joi, Tin ianl nimbI i lim1s work etxe
cittile with dislpatclh.
Fleb. 9 '7;-ly.
Ire Ilcll nl, fr'/e, ,,? ,,! ,we l I,(o ,,,t'e 1a heir
$( f r . I, fi'l ./n,",,-d ('no :,,n
TV ~ 1 2 r 4. I rlii t'arwtic, fEr z.400
20 ~ r,[' I i.: i tur e tw i. fr , l l - l o -,
15 I11 .X+t ' &: I l I. ' Itlis. 15 ror't. for $1.0
t (!,r:,,ull !, dileretll t vur¢tlws , for $l.(0,
12 Tihtr :. 0 ..I i ueri ibns, f r 61.0 -
12 t:ladJi, taU !kcrintg bulba., f r - 2t1.0o
t tl'r.2:: "<, 5I I il 5'rt., f:i' - 21.30
i" l`ary i l . rier,.Nhrlo, .,orts, for $l.a3
A hundred other thnlllgs cheap.
An ilgpa I uttad C1ata;ue fre. tu r tll applint
Also, nn immenso Stock of Fruit
& Ornsnoapal Trees, Evergreer:n,
Shrubs, etC. A -;a t.g La':,ur IreC~r,
c.,, al I..-lagu rico list fre... 24th .
year. 13 Creenhouses. 4G00 erose
$A50 That Sanford's Radical
Cure for Catarrli will niot
instantly relieve antd slpet
ily cure. Referellces,
Henry Wells, Esq., Wells
Fargo &. Co.. Aurora, N.
For a Ca'c Y.; Wmi. Boweni, Esq.,
3hllatton, IGrant: Bow
en, St Louis Testimoni
al.s anlit trealtise liy mail.
of Catarrh l rice, with iiiprovtd in
hlithi, $1. SolLd ever'y
where. WEEKS & P'OTTEII. Prollprie
tors. hoston, iis.
CO'LlIN'S VollrTAIC PLASTERS are
the best. *
IIAblSDENS'
Pectoral Balm,
TIHE GREAT REMEDY FOR
COU hIIS, COLI)S, ANI)
CONSUlIPTION.
FINLAY & THOMPSON,
New Orleans, La., Sole Agt's.
FOR SALE BY ALL DRUGGISTS.
71 1 . LA.O l $20. l:irlr Organls
price $97o only $101. Paper firee. . F.
BEATTY. Waslingiton, N. J.
FROM HER ASHES.
The Phenix has Iput onl new life and now
caters for public ftlvors.
J Wah'ren SRddath
hIas taken charge and DAN now dispenfes
the choicest
BRANDIES,
LIQUORS,
CGU1 RS,
&e.
RICII ST. LOUIS BEER ON DRAFr.
Don't forget, ye thirsty, the PHENIX
on St.Denis Street.
Feb. 24-1y
FOR SALE,
A FINE blooded STALLION ,
cani be bought cheap. The
owner is a resident of Vernomn
parish, and the Ilorse is too flue for that
section, hence his reason for selling.
Ho'rse-sixteen halnds high; eight
years old, dark bay, solid color.
Apply to C. BRAY, Eq.,
Bhlckland Cottage P, O., Vernon Pt. La.,
Or to Vindicator Office.
Jan. 19-6t or tf.
Grand Ecore
WAREHOUSE.
WM. FRENCH, Proprietor.
IJIAVING prClliashed lthe busilness of
I Chanibers & Brlhce at this point,
andl securcd tlheir services, I am prepar
ed tfo store anid forward promptly, all
freights anid cottOin consiglled to lmy care.
iRates of storage iu future will be as
follows:
Fiflteen Celits per barrel for freiights.
Thirty-five Ocuts per loh, for Cottol.
WM. FRENC*l.
March 24-tf.
FENCING !!
AR3I RIGHTS OF THE
IMP'OVED OLIVER FENCE
The cheapcest and best fencinlg known.
JFr, stlir by"
Jt INSON & B1'RNS,
Manistihld, La.
Or their Agent W, 11. BARBDEE,
Feb 2-tf Natchitoo~hes, La.
COGHIN POULTRYYA RD,
onRDE.x STREET,
Between Pitt and Prytanuia, New Orleans.
DUNLOP BAKER, Propr'etor.
HIGH CLASS POULTRY.
Eggs for Hatching $3per Dozen,
Shipped to anly address on receipt of
Cash.
Buff aud Patridgo Cochin a Spe
ciality.
Dec. 8-3n.