IU IL
tF "
C4Lt I
k'rr
YI. C fl Y b .niu
`` " Ewr~w'tcrrc *wý. .
ýýs !ºi1twllirwrr iadk i
*3ýMwraUwsbu" din.
x Y, To o go d dow MW w n b ro~
`'ý` 'ýta7ý srwirt aar rt
º; g,.D tbmusrwematm
. ýoNwoe got ie aisawý.
.3,t~tlC rim./w
2beh.ryhabblhhw &
k·ks hbiib[M,
I~~~~w a.ephsm
lbn ~srr ýid~
tart tiebr(
6 ~d~~iami daemiM
khmm thskohuwL
41m
's~ Ik h r Ibl
-bQ hin
&bpinks 4d''
e~dl I
*wi~nbilsl.
IS
Wu·iarn
.4-i.l~
*r~blb tl
SI~
bklll
- h;
ItG
~yi~a
aiilr
go w eag asl e or
agee m ar as
ililll n olag
imam ahr s pipeb ho
I hid ad rob, Mest tdh a impal ed
ROE ELwu iei",I.I B kimp or
ablew, l na II meanhalad ta In.e
dings"ram nuhued. sa otisewwd h
Itbe rswed thesm ehappr. i
e dme r aof Isol teoia.
dmues' realgh stlfor
aewea lGeri .a lbl woe
his hfurad hatred. eotlat mow, whin
e aw the approe dllr, this
y# aish$, deosive Inowayl em a fou
8i. d aoeemmlsod. ,hlef him
eaueplo he thor was te me t
ammel and aeemary bulding hfr miles
"eaKld I o What shall we do r
Herr Gewartd, au olmed, when his
brst badp to him the danger
whi the we from an immediate as
etk. WlN he continued: "Ab I Un.
l~ was the moment that told me to
daughter, the raulel EI WR
tI wre sah withl the walls of the
SIL "wald th aswe~re an there
ledl woasevr i tides us, l as
be tar orlly. IM the o
Ssaving as and ta he little ido
Ve sl31 now so sweetly make s
Htlr e areeru adeh"r utwtered tlh
"I otherastbheytered the m rii.
P ueav door bolted and barired, er
_e I 4 isnp4e teamea
did kup as satr e upon
brt valort h mtahe s fpposa e td o be.
lep "bad we o better hide" sa
hast Gewauisam
ble "There Is a pie of saslbyexoept
,e l o N ni lad sa t of the
I adslhl Oh, nsie I-hab soyed wbasu
_ hvwea dth eh bot tm w emlynhad
Innot al~ t new aheioa , sod lau
na we es do is to oana theatll
ani walt. If anattackisa
Ild aI t through the
1r l8ohl-m.tio It mymay tlshat seme,
de s nd-aaklt .o. t oape. no. 
B his hop we net mralised. A
0 imare Wthe me amloud mk
l s I aBer h sbth Ie blsed.
his "Oanid was Ithe atuakomod.
Al. And le aid It was that thIe DuteI
Al tm h. isdooa to so seag
lInth e ame of there
h rheas too see h uid, a timdn s
el* ud a was :d doetor
bnathe !" ad t"d ratuosl P'
e sag thislsmeet theawas a atom
mggg gmmb# s hanet and lm.
sBhiimhdterwas orid 1 i
rtevietw uwled te r eare , I
*Is a
:mlu b~Lkr~lrpSE*11
I~s~~n a
*t shr m
to nud-l
~orIf yt de't, blg in will
. SI mbtohe other tee wher
she Ihhad Uthse ewna blabblr mia
al iet a h aigbyt. Mlhe -har
a lklVl mad the lttr, l hla "
- the door ia l r set aest r t
he Ps.at ukl "3syluokh
wa and to e. ...aSh thfrt
Skr ma the littlewindow. Ti
Sdm are ar ada lt tohe beat, and let s
wM "Hesnbe waladw claikmed he
fvr feiher. "The warli ld i A e-.
th ow I have mld him. ,
wee. IMwly," uh " mud
see thema aho has his 111 to
rme save mine Bidet!"
he Reaching the window, Herr Gewart
this am, n his selish eagerme to seek
NaiHl r Arm hand him bedh ,
Ia. and even Herr BO sadd, sterl
"Ludwig, for shamel let e go
bad AjLt."
es "Now,"said Helrleb, whallweare
as lathe boat, "ow wemust be careful
the sad make o noise, for as we turn the
est bead la the river, we are nar the hfrnt
S besides, the malight
aligthtatre the wat ro. But I will
hpeep as near the shore les ca, sads
his *arps t ttrees will abi d p as. Herr
ima Roebob. here are the emrs-die very
at. softly with them. It weare. aed upon,
Un. al fat on the bottom of the boat.
mto and Grorva , now s ithe time
our to old per toa ever want
old toseat aslegar uarenP
the With sent yet swift stroke the boat
mid wai abh ede as the
time eared the dat geo mus b thei
UI a presence was uo see ai a few
m minutes they weree a diatom. up
iben the river b
s When out of sigt and sound, He-in
rh and Boebach straind eial erve
al to push the boat alto while
the am iretted an t iumbed whined and
wep nt l fo he rae Itdoced toa
rr mntedinghim to be silent or he shold
Is, Bertha t.
at think that Iamst sltiand see it ar
. Wedi, God' will be donset Thankfl
SI that we bad e all s afe mle
melaima .
hi thom. d light beg to gIeam behind
"b Whatmade th e l i t of" asked
gi "I wated tomh howmeh money.
Shad lthtle npn" etpisThed er ntwas
he mow the dakl yat e mie oathe
A ItaInt Icn before Helnrlch had
Snved the et t part miveside T
St ad glat I megh wert ad e they
sk themselves prtetsed by stonek
wweeain the wills. e f ownssiddnt
-.. TherSu ryer asaerthis, whna
the ton dedie bemd.e the
in w feof elari ;o taitodllfwasfre 4
il peace and e showeed ble. I
ha n ,o th es mt Her m bn r oswah
N. tctold the the story weha las Iet
lemag Em mte Wusmte ee artn. I
Itrs atlha h a govberam e ,
A vueverywhere, ezapt at the
des not te haHe msed tbe -
Iditw~e W hed
rd Three oar owp lte r talerthisae
I ol
taba Huh ee , not wams the
idlea watchmen
hed the ans a a
i. -t f at
rI et ltfll
. ibe .1 M ind,' haId
tomeae larme U
Sa~h..ahitaeP htt IlI
I.9 war W ame I he U
temapi S
keep i tiapr seph sare arrents
ofTentooie sad visdlna ooalrl de.
S To one urrent belong the various
,ret ofse swa imdee tothe other
Sthose . e.pnlg ta i dn,.ght of the
swan. He. both traditions of
beast worsblad Images of nature
poePtbarm ypl part; enes M it sot
elar t e ýsa maldens os thenorth
bad arnny e othe n than the obvious
ne which wlT ie in ar oee'"of
hi aeiemre na i likea lia t Swas
* are esoe rare m therefore,
At oy e te ar there wý a w thats
S women. They could change from cue
r pe to the other at will. To amame
the hman shape they doled their
. rbes of down or "swanshirts," but re
twnaed variably a old or silver chain
about their neeks. She whose swan
b to shirt wasu earried'of by a mortal oould
Sno longer, while he kept It ae, become
Part-a bird plin or resme her freldom.I
seek On tie ohand, shefrom whoseneek
but inher human shape the lan was taken
ack, Immediately beeame a swan again, and
r: could not recover hr humtPitr until
a she ot back her chain. Sometimes a
_hunater appre a forest pool woeld
se dor a el more ts n mortal
el beauty bathing in its waters, would no.
Sthe ties the chain about her neek and the
wont robe of down bsahag from a tree,
t would seie the robeiaa bear the damn
will sel home, to live with him in happiness
until one day he should forget the key
Ier which kept her magic rment from
sray her, and rrnt her n own for.
o ever. Or bridwa es would consort of
at. their own accord with warriors who
l bad urprisedP them at dawn as they sat
at spinning in human shape beside the
margei of a moentain tarn; until afer
a l and tey would fly away, laving their
hlehusIands to slll afterthem overthe '
rsnows avain. Aaother lcelsadlestoryI
few tells how el anad Olaf fohuht on the
up lce of a frsen lake, and howKara, the
mistress of He91, hovered over the '
bin- heads of the combatants in the likeness I
erveof a gret swan, and by her agl
art. bluated the weaponsof theathat fought
and against Helgi, until by mischance he
I to struck of a leg of the swan with his !
om. sword, and Immediately the fortunes of I
ould the battlechanged.
The other great swan myth of the
Iles. North is that of the injured damsel, to I
dad whose aid in her eztredty there comes i
sailing a knight in a boat drawn by an I
mad enchanted swan, and who, after the e
knight has rescued and made her hbis
e bride, destroys her happiness by insist- 1
re i that he shaltell tewho he is ad
To whence he comes. We re all familiar s
urn with this tale as it i told by Wolfram I
itt! voh r Bahenbaclk.and has In our own I
dl day been recast by Wagner, coerning
Elsa of Brabant and hngrln, the son
oat of Perlival. The same story is comr
ly bined with the myth of the swan o
andes in the nwedl-knn romane.
ked of Helles sad Clarissa of Booullon.
This Hellas is an enchanted p
r haght whoee amother Betries has
was borne beý to Orat, klng of llefort,
as along with six other swan children.
Lad Among thee Rellase alone escapes the
wiles by which their wicked grand.
nr motherlMaabrun diveas the other a
of their chains and their humanity to
ad gather. At last he is able to redeem alla
the othmers except one; and that me,
all in the guse of a swan dh wi sshal
me , b-and-bye suides hinm ~ the
lne to the court ot bo, where he
en champions the Duchess Clarisa, wina
the her d, and repeatswithherthe story
ra-of Lflhengrl and Elsa. These are bat
Ssa oeor two out of the mary stories of
rob swan maidens, knahts of the swa, sad
s, swa chlldrena, wbehih illed theini
t natio Northern Eropw e in the earu
middle age. Others addtothe element
of mati anad roanmce an element ef
atkish legend; like that Irish story of
rt the chldren of Ih, who were tren.
fIormed by their stepmother into swans,
sad In that form compelled to abide s
ntil the spell was broken at the soound
InI  rigalnga thosecountrie
a fr Christi a nmaw. hu
he lu
nbe s
ewl Thi lis ra whe sA meas, a
he ~ feel like tdon a litte boasting. Ii
eOne hunded ad ouyears ago, when
wedeolared erselvea to be emand dir
a, m eosp lqe,_ t ouats was "on
fIr moNsad Nw~ To-daIt s 46
few esterlag so els two colleges.
neeleaws a bet of time were
S yn theaus bgo tois of the he
, me,. tals lees In t iwe. o
- hu ea. evenyve posoffeles, ad the
malls er carrile ahoseba k over di
cu Tosees-and new -Mes are b aeg
etablished dalljjmand the d th e a r
,We aearly aeast of amh ian
a de t r hela. We have 141, rr
S$W clauehee7W abe t
Ou farm poduets in a gea ve
In bught asP4ade leat in the
$514a4e. O av en
paermS Ta eaba goods we eaI L
'6 theo wrM. Re neer ouremi slk
; to ptalr ui e jto enerol the ro
e ntr made imeakte *
is 1c4 .withed glet om eae e
nrybh u aheijb s a t ef clothessad LI
h lmi.-Bale . ha see
j teaHerald, wr a of the teeSn En
seenhiruaiat c aboam
a. p~laUs .bas madesog ao awif e
s an mother. What man wo t die NI
m. hr Alxorn. sahe saw her, leading 'U
18 h er abl o eldi pnrther o aio a
- Jw
Of(IO~ t ebIm dtmi
h Arraibsaest b the epmbMIes if @ill ,.
the ow. D uletr-.lmaln eIorater $
hrw Cempeal he Wir Wait 8
not Iierlty -Te Prele is!
r i'o Deat lmS w, to
ity;ua rrut by an
d, omw lEary, hen
as t
Is 1876 James A. Greld'es ecord had pe
beme soodious in his own party that the
edird blis of his oe Congre
e dalona district met and imed tfe follow. lie
ame lag:
elt As Addrem to t BRpcubemo VYota qo ch
, ags MinidcalA(Oio) c a reuufoua Dian
an. tri. o
I ld F Low Cmrrmns: We who address yo in
oe were appointed a committee for this pur. up
ltm. pose by independent convention of Re. wi
oeek publicans, assembled for the purpose of Pm
ne putting in aomination a suitable person as she
a nd candidate for Congre in opposition to sal
mtil James A. Garseld. m
01 The causes which impelled the calling of [
)ld that convention and inspired its action are a
__ set forth in the resolution b7 it adopted no
and printed herewith. To the indictment ia
the contained in those resolutions, and the evi. for
m" dence submitted in support thereof, we re. C
spectfully call your attention and ask yourr
cundid consideration.a
key We have no rivances. We never fto
or sought favors at Mr. Gareld's hands, and a
have no personal quarrel with him. On the P0
Scontrary we have been among his warmest W
t political friends and supporters, and now
the only attack his acts and conduct in a blic and
lioand the character b has therey at. ll
taled. the
It is fitting that as true men we should 1t
the ek the se and remedy for this state of in
rui and we look not far nor long. Cos. Pub
theru in oice sad want of wisdom in eg. ell
the n loom up before s. We review po0
the with pride our party history and achieve. PA.
sess meats but we now see fraud in high places
ating at its vitals. Its revenue officers of t
are found stealing and dividing with whia. sid
ky rings. Its secretaries sell post trader. P
his sh Its Congresm rain their own 8a
s of salaries and maE them retroactive; take that
great fees for arguments on pavement jobs shsl
the before boards of their own creation, and lai
to pocket the dividends of geat frauds like lji
mes the Credit Mobilier. Corruption rides in 'cr
an $1,600 landuleta, purchased at government cow
the pense and Congressmen build palaces at
the capital while the people toil and sweat the
stu de their burdenas-th orget htthatey tem
and .re but the servants of the nation and aet
liar ml they were its ownersseekg to wrghie
m fromit the greatest possible number of do. h
w nt lars for their own purposes. sent
hng The Republican part ha done much to the
non purify itself withinitself. Its whlsky ring the
Srevenue officers are convicted and impra. lish
ran oned. Belknap is deposed end impeached, in t
ee. and only escapes conviction by a techni. said
Ln. eality. Its salary ing, Credit Mobilie, of es
ed pavement-jobbing Congremen are mostly str
has retired. James A. Garseld remains. i dStat
Li, aid C. Parsons, his compeer as a grea by t
I. patent pavement lawyerr nominated with. T
the out opposltion in a district Republican last
Syear l b 6,500 majority, was buried at the
So- SI0 mapjority. They o$ lhodeno of
ll ated him, but the brave, hons people oe. ret
e, bked him. M-1
l James A. Oarield fell from 10,035 ma.
th jority in 187 to ,62 in 1874. "Oh, what eo
a fall was there, my countrymen " Re. man
baked, shor of character for truth and in. fund
Stgrity, all that is oble in m hod, at. own
moat defeated, he stands a saud ad black. El
ened monument of avarle and greed. kaoi
By the arts of the orator and dema. enac
goeae, of which be sa consummate master, hold
at hes trsiving and trU~alg and may poet.
e p aoe dy of his.- ia doom, but he ad
of ear upon his front the writing oe the sinI
a wall: * Mene, mene, tekel, upharsin. pow
"Whom the gods would destroy they fist ears
make mad." clenl
a Forgetting his duty to his countr and legi
SconsmUtents, in his hasteto serve hm bond. e
holding master.s on the 13th of July, 187, cl
he committed himself to the defense of ha debt
reatr hand upon the people, the demones. thee
uastion of the silver dollar, and denounced the
Its restoration as a "swindle on so va 5a10
a scle as to make the achieveamt llu. aseril
g. tdomus. hold
ea atspeecb, so weak in halogic, and as NI
a damnlen la its political heresns, sad g doll
s ruinous to the high liretentions of state. hiat
. mansip of its author, M seuppre.ei e t debt
.t Republican editors of his distriect, anl tI
b. Iaonly to be found in thbe gson eola ato
ar ~cord. Holdilmgpostofi sandplacest e and
s emolument at his will, they dare to raise colo
en their voices only in hbis pisle. Ti
e If the Republiean party would survive sbill
ad it mut strike from its rolls the last di. esa
he honea d ame, and select only honest, sine war,
wre mdbhsvemat ahlg hilah les. sa
a lam g ca j pnthe horrors of An.
of demarill and bb sad the disordered stte
g' condhio od tke 0o are s p oolrcr p e. fortr
Sbelieve that another rs ebellion or
Is. psymet e the rebel dbt srsimmiaeatI
ML sare cmly food la thd lmdatin 1 n,
m asylum. The peop le tr, ad and
I, cry of the demagogue to aro aeir feaes
Sthat h may gt thirrvotes oght to be
. of n avail. v
re 0. N. Turmr, P. Boswoas, H. H.
SI Hur, of Lake aousty. p
, J. A.OGammesof Astsbala. ,
L, IE Dar, of Gesaga ate
e L D. Baowir, of Potage td,
be A. Toumsuh of Trumbull, d (
, eptmber 19, 187. oa
4011 01 OW 51 301U3LK. AN WI .
S On the 7th daye of seember,187, the
RIb. p9biusse as the Casgsth. libra
t dloeal diare of Oke toa th d
e retirn of James A. Gn dtoCongres f
e at ia conventta at Warre and orlgan. ae
h. ofl ore sad Georpkla in1of 4 Lk lived
On mootioa .N. ttle ad .
Brrow 3 of _ant,R f. ry, of Asht hint
huai, L D.Browam, of Portags, ad C. D. was
(rary, of lae, were chosea a committee what
,lonusoltcn sad H. BIL lam William tuli
j ELPoled P. m . o .CtaSsesmenB . an o
F.Pl P eraad y M. wara were spi a be
4 poial a committe en conferense or blial
' rtal Pls
e comm ot ee eresolutions, after a olj
on this indepdnt to a
_ convention of the pblians of the whi
iS Nineteenth Congrmsio al distriet of Ohio,
SFTirst-That dishoesty, fhrau ad oad om.arcgl
[ rUption have become so common notoriousA
a, a obvi,,s in the admnIat oa of our po
Ir stional ovme, as to be not only rep
Shr- I al aud da rqaefl in th hoe s
a. hmlla l os o ald iatelia mt om
- I hae.,bot bto mi the prprity of~he ne
I ile.lfnotthe staility of the govern.
m Seutd-mbed tat the deplorble
r conditieon the of oear ,.
Cm*IOMIUdveESISI , "'
S eIasdrbrtee~'~ipa~3idelmruornm r c id
J~it~t
·~~i ~ *` @1 kb1~
ased reforming to make them bhsea is
Ji worse than setting the blind.to lead the
M blind.
Fourth-Resofed, That there is no man
to-day oticially connected with the admin.
ietration of tour national government
against whom are justly preferred more and
graver charges of corruption than are
publicly made and 'abundantly sustained
against James A. Garfield, the present rep.
resentative of this Congressional district
and the nominee of the Republican coa
vention for re-election.
Fifth-Resolved, That since he Irat en.
tered Congress to this day there is scareely
an instance in which rings and monopolies c
have been arrayed against the intereets of c
the people, that he has been found active in c
had peech or vote upon the ide of the latter, I
th but in almost evy cae he has been the
m ready champion of the rings and monopo.
81sixth--Relewd, That we speciallyI
t T charge him with venality and cowardice in
permitting Benjamin F. Butler to attach to
the appropriation bill of 1873 that ever-toy
be-remembered infamy, the salary steal, and
you in speaking and voting for that measure
pur. upon its final passage. And charge him
Re. with corrupt disregard of the clearly ex
e of pressed demand of his constitutents, that he
n as should vote for its repeal, and with evading
d to said demand by voting for the Hutchinson i
amendment.
Ig of Seventh-Resolved, That we further
o arrange and denounce him for his corrupt
ptd connection with the Credit Mobilier, for his a
aet false denials thereof before his constituents
vi. for his perjured denial thereof before a
e, committee of his peers in Congress, for C
tour frauds upon his constituents in circulating
.among them a pamphlet purporting to set
ever forththe finding of said committee and the c
and evidence against him, when in fact material
the ption thereo were ommitted and
mot 10bl
now Eighth-B&solved,That we further arraign I1
ble and charge him with corrupt bribery an
at. selling his oflicial influence as chairman of a
the committee on appropriations for $5,000 a
mid tothe De Golyerpavement ring to aid them t
Sof in securing a contract from the board of A
Cor, public works of the District of Columbia;
e. selling his influence to aid said ring in Ims
new posing upon the people of said district a
eve pavement which as almost worthless, at a b
ae price three times its cost, as sworn to by one
ersn of the contractors; selling his influence to
his, aid said ring in procuring a contract, to
dprocure which it corruptly paid $97,000 "for i
u a influence " selling his influence in a matter 6
ake that involved no question of lawt upon the
obs shallow pretext that le was acting as a
and lawyer selling his influence in a mannerso
li palpable and clear as to be so found and Ce
Sdeclared by an impartial and competent
lent court upon an issue solemnly tried. T
Sat Ninth-Resolved That wearraign him for iu
rest the fraudulent manner in which he at. pi
hey tempted in his speech delivered at Warren, w
on the 19th day of September, 1874, 'to t
lng shield himself from ust censure in receiving re
o the before-named ,000 by falsely repre- t
enting, in said seech, that the Congress of
1to the United States were not responsible for V
lg the acts of said board, nor the United States
,e. liable for the debts created thereby, when
ed, in truth and in fact, as he well knew the
n,. said board of public works and the officers t
irof said district were but the agents and in*
setrments of Conles, and the United lii
States was nsible for the indebtness to
, by them created.
Lth. Tenth-R solved,That'we arraiguhim for w
groas dereliction oft duty as a member of ,
th Congress in fmilin to ri to light and T
expose the corruption and abuse in the sale as
of *posttradershps, for which the late Sec. e
r., retary Belknap was approached, when the hi
same was brought to his knowledge by
a General Hasa n 1872. and can only a
hat ount for it ipon the supposltion that his IN
, manhood was debauched by the corruption as
in. unds then by him just received and in his a
r. own purs. OF
k. Eleventh-Bestoded, That thelawof 1878 t
known as the act demonetising silver was
s. enacted in the interest of geold rings, bond
holders and caplist, and against the in. ex
* terest of the taxpayers and without their 06
he advice or knowledge. That this act, by a
t single blow, has seriously crippled our i
power to resume specie payments gr p
ut ernationaldebt in coan. Thatno nsu
clent reason has yet beeo given for this ii
a Iegislationso dishonet and palpable in its th
. daisermiationinfavorof the mall reditor be
Selss and capitalists and agaist the great
Sdebtorcla and the idtria interests of
Stheeountry. ThatJames A.GarBeld during *
Sthe last esion of Congres was the can p
t picuous defender of the crafty attempt to
as sacrifice the inaternaets of the people to boad. o
holders and f poreigne alitsib. That when an
SIt was propoed to raetore the old silver
4 dollar to theplace it had held during our
a history a unatioaus legaltender for all
a debts, public and private, he denounced the
ad ,ttempt as tu"windle on so grand a ale e
ml as to make the achievement Illustriousn,"
Sand asu a "schemeof vast rascality d and
Seiossal swindlingar."
Twelfth-ee--Rsk d, That neither preat
ye abllit7 and experietnc_ nor oquent pat- i.
is. iadiuionof the ded imaresofthslate
s wa, will ocse or justify pst dishonesty
and optioe or asewer sa guaranty of
integity a rit for the to~ne.
Trtathbl That, beleving he o
~atements 1a the fo  seoin r iosoluon set of
S afo nt, , without stltlifin our t
rtat the polla the nomince of the leUChb
SIcn convaentln of this distriet for rY les. or
t io no canm we, without .enemden our h
Srihtsneeeotrs ad edtlse.ea ail tiy he
SbyIandsemamn so maworthyagaI seaunt
Sto ment ae in the national elaiatmu. a
That stro in the onvioetol of rgwe a
* llu . ap ti delchtor distric, Irrse
spective of former td present party atc the
aSt, who deasre hoest goveranmn, to .
unite with as ian oarnst, faitkhful eatob
to defeat the raeetiosof General Garsdd
andedsotlnhisstead anhume i sad mela.
blemas.
ltearm lueiue. d
- Mr.M libnrar of the Kllkeny
Slibrary -cetymade "ooks his Idobli,
Sdeainyfmgh ,lf every luxury *d not Hn
m Sw n ~eemmrle ain order to add to hi i
a eolletion; the wehll-o.f lhe :lIbrary Ho
of which he was stodiadkn benarl- Im wih
U, ilentt to atify hs lteraryranvTnp. He of
4. Ived ln the apper rt of the soiety'a h
a vre1i but fitad o me to eater P
3 is room sfor anypMoewhatever. On I
a Itl srdden deat, Ina.., their privacy DI
D. was perforcetvadod. lls t:edroom,or *
as what passed for suh, was found to con.a S
a alin nobthig In the wayof furnituresave A]
B. a old ofa,whihob had served him for o
p.I bed, upon which ay apair of old *
Sbw a his sole nightly covernlg. fol
I11* of were hea up promiea. fo
a esly nl every direJto. 1e ln his m
-aating-room, there was scarcely space wa
at to move for dut-covered volumes, of I
o which the owner had apparently made on
o, isy Httle use, contented, like nmany
Oter collector, with merely hnay te ad
r acquired them. •
, Awealthy ecentrie living in a French abl
at provincial town was not open to that it U
lI reproaeh. He dweltalone in a secuded re
Shouse, admittinlg no one hut a clar. t
t woman, who pepred his meals, and a fr
Snews agent, who brouglht him thirty or rtr
l foityleorlun asat a time. Oneday even hate
tl could not obtain admisaon, and the
I polIe were called uon to intervene.
t Upo enternrl the solitary bedroom n A
the nou-a room as equalid as It well t
olldu.herl se was foend deed cma
Spasig thuh a ravine. the aidm of thu
ri hmu mof themad of
seve~trbls, whe elol
I 884 #hAAAA imi~kr lag
rotm Gar jield'sre Testy
* the Pe ol Cl Ion. -i- n,
main. I never owned, received, or f,.
met any stock of the Credit .oiie. -r  "
Sand Union Paclfic Railroad, nor a. ll
ae or prqfis arisingfrom either ofem.
jld Freo Judge Poland's Reporl ,
rarýreld's Testinony P~1
The ote ina rgr rtoMr.g g
. by the committee, are that oe e
Amees to take ten shabe oi
stock, but did not pay for the
Ames recived the eighty pr
.7in bonds and sold them to nit
,ells cent, and also received the a e r
t of Iash dividend, which, togeter tL
Te l of the stock and iuert leS thi
rter, 329. This sum was i5 o t Mtsa
G leld by a check on the ser
sopo. Mr. Garteld then uderstood th s it
baiay 6 nce of divideads qafter Oet a
ce in From the NIew York Times, Feb. 1 I
hto Messrs. Kelley and Garfileld pre1sts jI
W -to. distressingfgure. Their purtseipitioab
Credit Mobilier afair is complicated bl 6
and most unfortunate contradictions of tes
b From the .New York Time. Feb. 20,
e The harater of the Credit Mobilser we
the secret. The source o its prosts~ ,.
athe weI known at the time Congresmasn
ding it. Though Oakes Anoes may have --.
neon in concealing his own motive, which wv to
bribe Congressmen, their aeceptance e n
rther stock was not on that account innocent.
rrumt dishonor of the act, as a participatm I
r obvious fraud, still remains.
So0me of them have indulged lan
with reference to the matter which hn e
for contradicted. The committee dittsip e.
ectls the testimony of several of the a
This can only be done on the ground QA9is
0 t untrue. But untrue testimlon guiu s g
I the oath is morally, if not legally; perjwy.
erial It is the clear duty ot Coneses toL- i
and punishment anl who took CredI.gi
stock from Oakes Ames. f
aign From the New York Tribune, Feb. 19, 1
1 in James A. GarAld, of Ohio, lad ten
a of never paid a dollar; received ~2,
1,000 otter the investigation began, he wasrinQ
hem tohavoConsderedasa l fomM
d of Ames to himself.
bias Well, the wickedness of allit lo tae
i t men bedsed the trust of thepe P,
t a vd their emstitaents, audl by asets
t nd falsehoods confessed the tai i a
It a bedisgraceful.
03e From the .N'e York Tribuse, Fr. 2g, lA
to Mr. Ames estabdises very ead y the
, to that e was not alone this s.
'for is be expelled for bribery, the -as toe
tter bribed should go with hifs.
Albany Eveniny Journal, Feb. 29, 187
as Mr. Dawes emerged with a complai
and cation. We think.Mr. Kelley, Mr. 6sa
ad some others do not stand quite e wa.
lent * What is the nature et their oliE
Their wrong was thatthey did act ftrsaniym
for fully tell the trath-that ther conceidti
at- prevaricated and mistepresented. 1hh .
ren, whole of it. We do not undertaklito Ni
to them from the charge of deeeptffc. a.
ing resorted to it and they must suffer theime
pre. quences.
Sof
for What ColRrseml a l sert' Pr MIs
stetsr etl tSeenTeas Age.
hen Frost the tica Merald, M. , U&7,
the Mr. Kelley and Mr. Gafseld here ue
.ers themselves in equivocal attig s.
in. The l1ea, whoever they*a, whatever F.al
ted liation they have, who have deae asat t"
, forfeit confadence, will o longer beqeoihs,
by uas paSty exemplars.
These placesre now vat. "ee is
for warning in the manner of their uatemat
of which wille heeded by the new eeogpm.
There are many who have the ability, m l
sale as the integrity, which the eountry dem
lee- of these who serve her as ColIax ad uIi
the have sved.
by Frost the Utica Herald, Feb. 12, 18t ;
a- All in any way identifed'vith Credit Mi ,
his lie stools and opetle hhave dle lr, . i
ion and mast ak out of sight. The public '.
his nologW pt eoodenee in them. It st
sympatbie with them and have ehirty in
8 them,but it will ever trust them ei.
Fo Fro te Uttec Herald. Feb, 2,13.8
ad* The Republicans are not only in ber hhI
in. expalsion o1 Amesand Brookes hutel :
elr ensuriulg if not expelling KelleyajdIi.,.
* a They can never wholly dissipate tle shut
of suspicion which rests on
main undisturbed nsd uareproe Ia
ts. Posbly their oreeae oradh ;
hb is made to appear the greater .ly hsa
its theirpoverty. Ifo,that i their o.iusi, ,
for but It does not all modaf the eppsausg,
eat Fros the Ut erld, tc, e64.U  1 77
I The suspctd person me nlres'iyd
on- publl onodeoee.
t For Heaves's aske, ietus ear.r delel
ver ProwM the U Bcerald , a~rs 1, Ir . ii
sur Itis bte egretted, fore . dhoer o .
all greem, that no moe positIpi e
the oaoilal dellaqueney and corra ti
ale tembed heliu lacthio n o- h t I
ast _ __el_ e __e_ _ a ilk nB
ert
t eables to alwheaeliiss. h ..s..
so. th at 'evr I aldom g aI
Is en the rori rbottoi m dI
so eor lake. Dow laear Ia e d
r hepe , i tatsprlng of le l
ily bble . tlroek ai
oLads n te sdl a oe d
w able to lde eethe waotl
; r Uotherr In the urs a tim bft
, abo Ut
or twenty lhesee a de
unrest. No bottom baseverb
fo thlwI . It  s • id had I W
stero reahg this
deuelvl by itered
oncluded to oneerdI.
Swheels to ure thern oo
hs bethere i tedfrlk
Sinto the, as lthbe oudght,
of H h aeve rised iad ae se or t
I. wtheel yasis. Ourusm
. amlling search dawas t
fr. of teanntaral thelor esveILt
rd talo. The herdm ente~d
Sfollow s it for a lonr dist
. ou thec lde. tap
Sbad prob r bletered oi
ewas very nearrow. Ith1 se
of It had inally mblorrowed gt l
Scould prhiceed no further.
could they turn around fog
had been miaseds aomsae ed sio
they had not bees found. e
.. Hers squeesing pastD'
a frant of them and sarni
of the atp- na
A sow days asIndhae
thre was so erlag the
m 3Atinlaone o f hise nF'tI
Sbeo uldb brherte loes0sha
f them sufotr Iater. he laid th5w
,g alag paudawdth soana1,OWP
ol tIebelow joate Pb or
*lat he a few u lal 4f