aN" I ', I ! I I 1;; io
A:t uI.Ih)A , - - - .1arh I1). 1,:7.
Of a ( )Ulllt'V i,~mjl u in
tlhe State.
t'ltb Ob O .ii :b"....... trbl. hiibi ...i . Cb 2 . n
;sixt otih .................. ! 5t.·---i ~l
f 'N ;1 :liiS ( tIai i o 11 1 bbb1b+ 1 b4.' lllb illll-t'
;tl ý't i lý, 11. 'l ly i t'1 t' : i t lt' l' tt` tt
* 1..,rI i c·,rin 1' ýtll º'' ccll' rr s tl1si· liic·; i1 itLIIr
8141 it.
a bl' t "b';lib ib tht Ni rt bIiit (it in
bbb ."ibtb ~l'bIM tub' I,., l .ii 'lii bolii vil ; ibI' Jbb iii.t
tbb 1111b141tb t1 « (111 IbM jib lbbbbbi tlbbbf i1t'
All orlI' for A.\i. iti.ig must be
Collttr h,ld with tril' Ag',.::ts.
No attn:ttionº bl,: to propositions ex
cept from Itinn.
(c . PI'. Rowell & (Co., New York.
8. M. Pettengill & Co'.. ,
Aycr% & Son, IPhihul,lplhin, iPnn.
Edin Ahlhn, ('inuinmutti. Ohio.
E. l.'re:.lhno & Im,., "
Chadhrii, Loral .1 Co, ('hii,:ego. Ill.
Rowell & Ch-.n an. St. Lotis. Mol.
W, W. .Slmrp & C P., 2., lrk Row, N. Y.
'1'hos. Mel ryeIr, New Orl<ants, Lai.
J. Cu'tis Waldo' , i
Newspaper Laws and Regula
tions.
1. Suhbscrbhers who do not give esxpress
notice to the ntllraryl , are (cOIsiIeredIt
wishing to cootine their subscription.
2. If slseribhers ordler the discontion
anice of their periodlicals, the Ipnl,'isher
may continue to send1 tlhem untll ll allr
reararges are paid.
3. If subscrihers neglect or refnse to
take their periodieaIs from the otlihei to
which they are directed, they are held
responsible until they have settled their
bills, and ordered them discontinued.
4. If subscribers move to other Ilaces
without informning th!e publishers, and
the papers are sent to the former direc
tion, they are hlid res.monsible.
5. The courts have decided that "refit
sing to take peiioliclIs froum the oIlice.
or removing and leaving thenm onua[leed
'" : '"a fadie evidence of intention
al fraud."
o.. ~v person who receives a ne'.vspa
per and makes use of it, wI tiher he has
ordered it or not, he is held in law to be
a subscriber.
7. Ifsubseribers pay in advance, they
are bound to give notice to the publish
er at the end of their time, if they do
not wish to continue taking it; other
wise the pubnlisher is authorized to seud
it otn, and the subscribers will be res
ponsible nutil an express notice, with
payment of i11 arrears, is se.it to the
publisher.
All adrertiscmiets must be hIand
ed ·i to this office by Thursday
evening of each wreek, to insure in
ertionu that issue.
All Judicial adrertisements mnust
be paid for in adrance, or they icill
be discontinued after the first inser
lion.
Correspondence contaiingi news of a
general nature is solicitcd fr;ne this
and neihborirny parishes. The real
naime of the writer must accompany all
letters, but the ;name will not be pnb.
lished nnless so desired. Letters to be
1rritten on one side of the sheet of pa
per, and to contain news of general in
terest ih& brief, crops and weather re
ports, gossip, local happcningjs, f'c.
J. B. LEWIS
SHREVEPOR LA.
--..'.  ._ __ - J2 - .. .-. . ..-~ -
The Best Charn nsade-Hei'n
don's, at T. Haller's Tin establish
ment.
-ter...--~~ C- -
Some think that in 1880 the
Democratic party will win-again.
How about being bluffed out if
they do. Wheeler will claim the
count, unleas it be another 7 to 8
Commission. Give Tilden all the
States but one, with hlewitt as
his backer, and he would never
get a smell of the Presidency.
SINCE selling out seems legalized
by the Democratic party, the com
plaint suddenly breaks out with our
old and esteemed friend Jacob A.
Wolfson, Esq., who, it will be seen
by lhis advertisement, takes advan
tage of tihe new 8 to 7 state of affairs
and sells out to his son Joseph ; show.
ing that one instance has occurred
when it was "for Joe" and not against
him. Joseph N. Wolfson, as well as
the entire family, are too well and
popularly known to requite enco
mitmn at our hands.-All the public is
asked to do is to go to Grappe's Bluff
and they wwill all be-"for Joe."
Champion Improved BUCK'S
BRILLIAANT Stoves. BERN
DON'S PATENT CHURN, and
all lines ot HOUSFH FURNISH
ING goods, at T. Haller's.
C.ngresswau Laxvv's speech on the
Le isi;.a outrage was a masterly effort
- .ort, close and to the pnnt.
The Question---Its Settlement.
It is painful to contemplateln t how
r. oronghly saturated the public mind
hI:s become ni wi th e pernicious teach
fi,. thnt upon Tihlen's sneerss rested
the onli hope fo'r local self govern
S,,rt in T.l, i, na. The doctrine nt
it.s hpst as Iot the 1 enit ont the dem
.n, ,l,,e Norlth, einne'i:nted with the
11 ,hle prlpose of h(nefitting him at
howe. and t1he de 4sions cast a
speyll around many good rntl an true nmen,
time (:;1n only r :lltiente.
EvIei now. wlheni (Gr:4nlt has reccg
V '.i.d :11nd n4dlittWehd all we apk-thie
;ht to rl' )1;illte he:1 afli:irs i ithou,
lF'1der,1i interfemr:inc,, there are mllany
1- hnn look still for so u1111known
•ft' i"i) r to clonflruc I oi t which rcst.i , ct
t, 'ircl 'ith ,h4 1 ou lri'a"(. (Grant snys.
i our dispa.tche. show, that the
",4Lo41in:a i ei"'' is retnrnCd to T-E
' ltEltll"E of the State for stllt len ent,
r- nd lfailes confirms that returnI:
therefore all citizenS who desire to
see Nichodl.l and his government a
fPit accompli must look to themselves
andi their acts for that aecomnpllish
mnct. Hlayes is ofterly owetlless to
succor PaIckard ; his own tcnnre is so
i.1 weak, so oevered' with fool frinlds
;t that the lation stalds, agthils at the,
i presumpltioni of the man and his par
t- -thle Ihole Democr1tic:c masse: s of
the Norlh, ar', as a hLp of tinh tin
L' (er, waiting only the splnik to ignite
x it into a conltingrati tlhat woll d~ies
troy, not only Iiav.es, lint his back
ers to a man. Ie mrut remain quiet
and sntissive, not to his party, lut
to oriis; and 1 v4 e vn111 tre tlhe nsSer
lion, he' is mor'e anxio.s that Nicholls
sho!,l recognize him than he to rei
cogoize Nicholls.
We have tlhe power to dethrone I
Snayes, nid ihe knows we will use it t
unless our rightful demanIds are ex
eteded to.
The question, now reverted from
4 unilawful power to proper anld just
channels;l is, which ever goverllnment
r TIlE PEOPLE of Lonisiana sustaini
r- federal authority will recognize. To
sustain thlle government of our choice
o we Iun· t not and heneeforth hack our
l patriotic assertions willh deeds. Yield
ing olbec'ience to its lawfully cnnsti
toted anthority, paying it taxes,
planting firm and lasting confidence I
ly our acts in its stability, there is no
Smore possibility for the failure of the I
,t lightlfll government of Nicholls in
this State, than there is for Packard
to dam thle Mississippi.
s Go on an4d doubt; question the
't' right of this maln or that man's nn- t
thority who holds power from
Nicholls, refuse the material to carry
0 on the government, and you will t
i plalnt Packard on a throne it will be
imlpossible to overthrow, and this i
t State will be left to a fate no more
hior'iblle than deserving.
! Every man who haa contributed to '
!- bring about the Ipre.sent hopefull con
y dlition of affairs, will thrn his bIck in
- disglist on a peoplle too cowardly to t
show by physical exhib)ition their
t love of life or liberty, and so wraIpped
9 lp in the veneration of Midas as to
withhold that touch which transfoirmsi
dead commilnitics into living, civil
societies.
Ar1e you prepared to Rlstain the
N icholls !lolernmelnt at all ha2ar'ds,
Sa(ld make it bil our dleeds a liring,
Sbreathin!! reality, or, are yo. intend
. ing to go about whining like a sick
Sgirl for Hayes to recognize that whichI
yon hlave not the pluck or manhood
to defend by word, act or deed I
Thalt is the question to answer.
Don't look to Hayes or any one else.
SThrow off the charm of the Siren,
Northel n )Demnocratic intervention,(
an d more right along cheerfully, con
tidently, determined it shall be as
you will it or not at all.
In that event we spuarn any man's
recognitioln of us. We \will force that a
to which we are entitled by right,
from llayes, no matter how unwilling I
hlie n.ay be to Iecord it, .
t
A SQUARE MEAL FOR FIFTY ,
CENTS at Hrlndick's Boarding House
The Picayune is respectfully inform
ed" that the failure to credit an article 1
which was published in this paper
from its colnmns, was, we hope, a par
donable oversight. Would it not have f
Leen courtesy for the Picayune tot
Shave sa.id ; "it is claimed by the Vn,- a
r dicator that thie gang plow will break
up five acres of land per day, &c." Ii
We are more than willing to take les- a
1 sons in jlnrnalistic courtesy from our n
older and more venerated contempo-. f
r raries, but at the same time we woild t
mildly souggest the rpropriety of our a
Smetropolitan friends indulging in ano
- little of the practice of the creed h
lthey preach, as fir instance the above a
citation. a
t Col. Win. Mi. Levy told the interview
Sers of the Chicago TLMES the other day,
who were anxious to know why we
(didn't want to "wait four years more"
down here, for that "righting of our
. wrongs :"
"It is all a lie about a trade. We down V
in Louisianua can not afford to wait an
other four years, as your people of the
North can afford to do. You are govern
ed by Republicans, perhaps, but not n
thieves as are we. We must have ,our C
State Government, but that we will give "
liup two United States Senators, or in any tl
way compromise out position as Demo- f
crate, is utterly and atrociously false," a
HE RNDON'8 PATENT CHURN
AT T. HALLRa'8 3TOVE DE. ft
POT.
t. Extremes.
,v The epithet applied to the liour
,d 11ons of "learning nothing, nor for
, getting nothing," seems well adapted
Sto sonie who have the idea of "South
. ' r interest" on the1 brain.
t The Sooth, with peace and local
I~ gOVernments sustained by th e 10home0
Se'itfizen, and not Federal sohliery, has
it lwfore it a br ight fulnre, Inilnigra
Stion is to hlie encouraged; languid ag
1 riculitral intel'est. in !igo'ated, Omiles
of mineral developed, and mannf.e
tories built up ; lint to make these
( and other industiies permanenlllt, and
Spaying to Ihe South and the coluntry
at large, extremes must he avoided.
S It hardly seetis polite to say of a
protectioniist that, he is an ass, lint
the epithet is as cIIually applicable
Sto him) as to the frieo trade maline.
h We are pained e o se tlhoe journl;ls
, lwhilh steadfilstly and ably advocate
the South and its mater ial advance
~ )enlt prate of Iprotection, when it
a would only clog or break down our
desired prosperity.
The persols wlho would and do ad
Sco-arte a free trade, are not so much
0 at fault, looking at the question in a
S' "prosperity" sense. as those continn
e ed halrpers of the Bl inio schLol lof
high tarifi.
if I'llTh free Irade rae, shonld hii4
. doctine prevail. wonei fill the conn.
S try with i n l ir ;il s a t el 0 ' ;1 1.li els
and sellers are concernedl'll, 1ini con
sunlers woul be hallppv in pnIrha(iilng.
liht inlis:elablh in salh. The high
t tariff m:n wonul make our trad,, and
prosper'ty e havvhllistic, so to speak :
that is, he wouhl proposel tol hiaive the
Iron miner, the Cotton spinner, and
Sugar grolwer, live off the aigiicltu
c ralists of other products, lly CeItling
t off competlition from otllher sollrcs;
and lie explets to lllihl lip al trade Iby
Il'lling out a Iparty to it-the1 foreigin
er; for pro;perity, real and a unad1Ii
t terated, will, aiind Cen luy c('nome with
the exchange o(if 'coiaorlditice, betwleell
nations, sectioiis, and peoples.
I)oes it not sentill strange to see
a journal advocate, for instance, the
r po!icy of the governme nt subsidising
lines of Steamships to Brazil, and
ably talk of the tnlade which wonhl
he developed thereby, and in tIhe
next column demand a hi.gh tariff to
drive out that very trade they so
fondly desire f (ih! but labor is
cheaper in foreign Ceultriles, 1and we
1nlinot conimpete with themi exclaims
your high tariff adlvocate. The very
act he desires consuniated--protec
tiol (as it is iimproperly called) is
what keeps labor up.
It is very well for demnigogues to
talk from the hustings of "how niuch
mnore the hiboring man gets for a
days work in this country, under the
protecting h gis of the high tariff'
lawIa," bht we lhave never yet seen
one of thiiese mnien go farther than
the wages clnuse; none of tlhemn ever
say to the laboring nlman, "this is all
Strue ; that you get more money for a
r day's work here than in Europle, but,
Iatl the same tiiie yoll pay as nlllllh or1
more for a week's board here than
yeol di) foer a nfl(ith's there." Whilt
cares the working man for $5 per
day wages, when it takes it all to
pay for food 0and clothing, while his
'European brother lays by half his
daily $2 wages. High tariffs protect
but one class, and they are the curse
of all countries, nmonololists. Give
us siilnply a tariff fior revenue, and
let us open to conpe'tition with the
I world.
We would be ashamed to prate of
America, her power, glory and wealth,
and at the same time sneak uip to
,Congress and beg them to protect a
''"hair-pin factory fiora the chleap
scoundrels of Europe, and allow us
the high privilege of gongeing our
oWn Countr3'lell.
We beg of our people to keep from
t extremes now that we are starti)ng
t olt anew. Don't ask for sulbsidized
lines to foreign countries in one
breath, and theln screamnl ouni',r a laiw
to drive olilt the trade thlose ilies iare
supposed tol elncollirige.
Furniiture olf 1all kinid.s and a full
assortment of Goods at 1eiCoook &
Bro,
We sincerely tl'lrst tihe Senate and
Legislature will declre thie .seats of
those who pIersistantly cling to Pack
ard's usurpation, vacant.
Thre citizens of this State reqnire
heaIlthly legislation, and it cannot be
acconlmplished by nCII tllhat we know
are hanging to Packard and his
fortunes A new order oif things
takes place, and the ol0 most stand
aside. Louisiana has seen the last
of carpet.-bag-scala wag-senegambian
legislatois. Let tihe Honse and Sen
ate give theni thie last grand bounce
at once.
T, Haller's Store emporium
keeps Herndon's Patent Churn.
ml-,!·+ C- ,l  -
Evidence presented to a Conlmittee
of the Massachusnetts Legislature
seenls to show tlhait the Spitzs dlg is
venoimous even when not mnad. Phy
sically, there is nothing improbable
in the theory. When the bite of so
mild an animal as the common skunk
causes death, as it invariably does I
within certain climatic bonndaries in
the United States, a bad tempered
family of dogs may be suspeeted of
any degree of iniquity,
Wanted to exchange Texas lands
for Louisiana lands.
J. J. McCoou & Baon. ,
We Have Savages Here.
The notion and conduct of tile ne
groes on Blroad cll's place last week,
1io matter what may be said of, and
no matter what excullses nay he offer
ed for tlem were the nets and conduct
of savages; ani sholtl cause our
people to reflect setioislV upon o0ur
sillatlion ianid sul'lrolltiu diigs.
The cncellllrrnc es :11ind ih('ide'lis coon
nectedt with tihe TIued t1:iy night ilt
tetinllt at lint are slowly coining to
our knowledge, and wolare pa:illned to
say tihat the slbniission of the whites
0 the elxtlraolinitiy delCliaidls, unlaw
ful 1aid blharullrois requlest of Ihe'e sayv
age negroles, will result itn serious cot
sequences to tlhat neighhi hoodl iln the
end. There call t. nie odluit of the
fret, as InoW 1Nicertailled(, that the
whiite ciltizens whlo were, it is true.
t~'w in tIltntlie rt, iccildedl to demalllnds
andl tlhreats extravaganlt anld ontrta
Fori1 instatice ; these Iegroes do
mantled, and which was, we under
stainld, agircd to, that Mr. Donovan
shoithl lie " tid tol his saddle, his feet
wrapplllled uitder the betlly of his horse,
hand inilliftd, and that lie should he
htil iI rear with a rope from the
lied lia,ds( and ill frionit fromn the
throat. by itcqro piourds n; nd that no
whiite main wais to Ie alilowed, to eith
il' IjO before, C01ome afterl', or (accolmpiiy
the so(l party 'If e/1'/)0oes t'o) line.
Mr. S. E. linss waIs cursedil and ah
isedl to his face for ejxpo.stl;talting
with thetn, and 'wa told that, "damnii
his sonl--they (the neglroes) would
,horn his house." Could savage In
dians tlhreatet niore ? The house of
dlr. Donoven, sitlated solme three
miles froill the ocltrrenice of the dif
ficnlty, was entiered by this mibo and
lhiundered of reryer thinr it contamed.
('uhl saivage Inldians have dolne
iimore ? Mark our word ; unless the
ring leaders of that ritib are taklen Ulp
iand severely dolt with, the conse
qellnlcecs tf the disg;raceful concession
to the hlowing demanlds of the brutal,
savage niegiroes of that neighborhood
will be serious and terrible.
WVe have at hlorslne, to our iden, a
set of savages, more blarbaros thlan
Indians, and colncessions to their out
Sageous demtiatids is no , ay to sbldne
or keep them withli proper boinds.
It is useless to talk to Ius of "their
haillor." The protection of our people
is of fir mlore ilmportance to the wel
fare of the whole coountry thani the
donbtfull pecllniary interest of one or
a dozen persolls.
Such a thing mnust not occur again
In this parish, and will not with the
consent of the whites ; and to fore
stall more serious1 action in the future
we would advise an imnnmediate ar
rest of every negro scoullnrel, man or
womanr, Ilhant aided or aIhetted in that
violation of the law. If thiis is not
done the very first repetition of the
ltorrors of Tuesday last will cnuse an
utter externiiaintion of the brutal sav
ages no matter whose interests it af
fi'cts. Self defteince anid a protectioi
of our civilization dlemtand it and it
will be done surely.
--~ - F-- -
"Our institutions" are in a blaze
of glory to thie down trodden sons of
English rule, as "our papers" have it,
:at this mrontent, whrn a candidate,
notoriously defeated at the polls by
an overwhelming popular and thirty
seven electoral votes, becomes pres
idttnt through the most corrupt prac
tices and glaihtig fraunds. Gentlemen
in Europe munnst expire with laugher
when our "Adonises of the Senate"
will explain how much wrenching the
glorious constitution can standl and
how well "the Nation" survives
through it all--"showlung it great
slrengthl,' yo know."
It is use~ss lonmger to continue this
farce-the ipopulace at hlone are not
deceived with it antd tihe height of fol
ly is attained when "shlarp prctice"
is bronght ulip togentlemnen as a test
of the tneit of institutions or iidivi
dnals.
It would be well to know that these
"crowned lords" have long regarded
us here in America as a "nation of
swindlers" and the late steal of a pres
ident goes a long way to convince
them of the correctness of their jadg
ment.
As we nnderstand it, and we give
our understanding to those "bloated
kinely subjects" for what it is worth,
the constitution is a pretty well play
ed out piece ot canvass and the "in
stitutions" of the country are stumb
ling along to damnation simply be
cause Americans, whlo are Democrats
and talk "constitution and princi
pile," are too cowardly to fight for a
single right, principle or clange of the
constitution. i
Out of this let judgment be again
formed and if we mistake not, no
kingly subject lives, if hlie be far
removed from a Russian serf, who
does not thank Heaven withl all his
power that hie lives, moves and has
being in a country where the major
ity of people as well as all the rulers
are honest, intelligent and virtuous.
If hie thinks it is the same here, we
have but to refel him to 9ayes and
his attendent counters, Mat Wells,
Pitt Kellogg, keno Anderson and rob
ber Stearns.
1 Get your printing done at
the VuuIckATo3 Job Office.
Just received a new lot of wagons
at McCook & Bro,
The Legislature.
- We are disposed to grant our leg
k, islature all t l inmdilgeere, and ac
i crept their apoloi's as satisfactory,
r- fAl their sixty days useless session.
't We are aware that they labored un
it dier ma1iftold difficulties, bit we hope
it the extra session will he produnetive
of thIose resiI ts li te lli the people
('I cllndently expect, and to acliievI
t- which, thloso legishilors were elected.
o Il some bills piassed milistakls have
ii been mnide, anld tle lnotille elrror is
Sill the retentionll of a siiiecure ius the
- chlool law. Th'lerei Is no eCl tly luse
of a ''l)ivision Snpi iitendlant" of
Public Ilducation.i, save it he to draw
ca Ihousand diollhlr saliry for no servi
t ce·s. Is it poissible for ally onei to s1ip
S pose tlhat the Ipeople will he sa:i.itited
w ith sMchi tn excuse as thait Ifratlned
in the bill, as "tile duties" of this ex
- tra oflicial-that he is to "visit and
report tile condil ition of schooils ill hii:;
Diistricl." o)f what use to the ISe
'fiullinss of the Schollols, or (of qIualifi
l Cation of the t.alchers, will hie be,
t praiy f Cannot the parish Boards
guard the inteirlsts of public educa
e tion as weIll ais a tlhousandll dollalr in
Spe'CtOr', anlld '"reporl't cor(litiolln" as
e well, if ,ot better. The ollfice is
o simnilV a ltldicll ilclcnillfberaliee foitlid
in thie luilding-and we hope the leg
i iIture will removlillie it.
Now, t)here is anotiher griave point
l at which the1(re seeiiis to be somie hesi
Stianicy. Those huge and grinliilig itno
n nolplie- the Levee and Slaughter
1 Honuse Co('tpanie , and that worse
than damning evil, the Louisiana
f State Lottery. We desire eminently
e to see some of tliose grilu warriors of
legislative rIefornl, who, with bloody
1 hand, smote the "poor printer" hip
and thigh, dig into these Imonstrous in
e iluities. Hlere is metal more attrac
' tive. Why is it our sturdy warriors
i pause and ponder Y has Charles
lHoward and the President of the
I Louisiana Levee Company waived in
the face of our legislative bull that
1 frcen flaq which quiets the heart and
palsies the arm of the refo'rmer(1)
t Perish the thought.
Candidly though-tlhese people
Smuist do somethlling more than prate.
The garden to be rooted out is full of
work ; all desire to see it done, and
done effectually. The Legislators
are on trial now, anlld must within the
lifteen days, show us of what metal
they are.
The Pauper Fraud.
Charity is a suiblimne irtue but its
lpractice halis been completely driven
" to earth with as. The "lPauipers and
the Pauper fralnd' have been the
cloaks of the pilfering of a hlundred
r thousand dollars at least fromn the
t parishil in sia yearl's. Fo'r tw o yeal's
have hiuld no city go'crnieillt euipow
ered or autholrized to issule scrilp or01'
I pay cash to paIpers. A MaIyor w'as
the sum1111 total of our radlicil afflicton.
- The lpublic tlioughti, while coligrltu
Slating itself uipon forcitig a non-issue
tby having i1 govei lnnlt and there
by getting out of debt, that the pau
pers, wlho hung like a leanch upon the
city treasury., wonil die or run off.
f No sane man imagined they were
, Ipossessed of the powers of the bear;
nwere ale to house up and sulck their
'IaWs for tw(o years; but alas I for
human calculation--tlhey, have done
- it. No sooner does the city govern
-ment open for business, than swarms
I of these iparasites crowdl thie lobies of
r the "town office" and demand, in tilhe
' namn of Holy charity, (t) pay to sup
Sport them.
There was never a grander fraud
Stlan this self-same set of paupers.
tEvery one, or nearly so,, have rela
tions able to suppot t them and they
should, by city ordinance, be tnade to
do so.
Give a pauper a $5 warnrant and
what does lie or she do with it 7
Trade it off to some store keeper for
calndy, sardinesor tobacco, at a dis
count of 60 cents on the dollar.
We have been told that hills were
presented to the Dranguet Board for
Sback pay for two years by these frauds
Of course they were "laughed out of
court," but this goes to show just
what kind of-paupers there are with
us.
In the name of every able bodied
tax payer who works for his bread,
we beg our city fathers to stop the
pauper iss8e1. It is a fraud of the
first magnitude-cut them off!
A staggering blow has been struck
the Nicholls government from a quar
ter so unsuspected and powerful that
it must astonish the party who struck
it in a most fearful manner.
A negro on a railroad track was
"bulged" into by a passing locomo
tire; scrambling to his feet a mo
ment after, some tllirty yards from
the track, the darkey yelled out
"who flung dat brick !"
P. A. Simmons, parish judge of
Natchitoches parish, by grace of ne
gro votes and Bhunt's intimidation,
we understand has flatly refused to
recognize the authority of the legal
governor of this State. It other
words Simmons has got on the rail
road track and when the locomotive
bulges into him hlie will be as ready
as the darkey to say-"who flung
dat brick."
Simmons, we always regartded as a
first class ass, and thlis attempt to
"act big" shows 'conclusively just
whant kind of brain the fellow has.
When Governor Nicholls '*sits down"
on this judicial ollbber jusrt once he
will feel as if a lightning express
train had struck square in the local
ity of his I.ains. We ventlre to say
that Simmons will come up to taw,
hownever, with his thumoli in his
mouth and plead the "'haby act" for
his aetinr thus far in the cause of
the usurper Packard.
' In the Bright Sunshine.
SCongratulation at this hour would
Sbe a mockery almost, to our joy. 'rThe
, disentlhralled and free Cancasi:on, long
e held in chains i01 the nmiiled hand of
military power, stands fortlh to-day
. in Louisiana the poweir of the State.
From palatial mansions and lowly
,huts g lip this night to Iliaven
hI iartfelt pray-ers for our deliverance,
1 and
.-Joy will kuneel, at im, n's ro v prnime.
In worship to the risin.ý u1ln.'
For ten long, dreary years the hat
tIe of virrnue and right against mnight
and igniolance has Inen fngliht-vie
tory hi:1s aat last perched on the snowy
haaner (of the ,good and the pairte.
Let us inot forget. in this hoiur of
supreme ha ppiness ,nr diityv as citiz
ens and ehlris-i is . ie w! o pens thi s
lines has soffi'rd in spir it and flesh
all that couhl he heaped upon man
firom the ands of our enemies, and
lihe is ready to forgive them all they
have dono even though he can never
forget.
Let us not forget Siulthern man
hood and honor in our triumph
we have no war to make l(upon n-1
arined anti vanquished enemies : ior
swords and lances are for the arrmed
and resisting.
Our loyal, good and noble Governor
Nicholls, counsels peace, law and or
der. Let us obey his request. We will
show by our conduct that we are as
ready to forgive as to resist, and
building our future upon peace, love
and a respect for the rights of all
men, go an to the glory that awaits
our commonwealth. It is our satis
faction to feel assured we speak the
sentiments ot every man when we
say that with Governor Nicholls TnE
EMPIRE IS PEACE.
TELEGRAPHIC SUIllRI .
ALL SECURE !
TIlE E.VD .'EaRVH G.
Kellogg's f(hinms Iejected.
Eustis i'ill be Seated To
[Special to the Vinlieator.]
New Orleans, March 7th.-- Majomr
Blurke hausjuit arrived from Washing
toni, ihe explains the situiitioii a nd
gives publicity to our grounlds for
hiopes.
A written pledge was given for the
sr-stainiance of 1thie Nicholls goverin
ment,,signed by John Sherman, Stan
ly Mathaewns, Charles Foster, and oth
er leading Republicans, anid approved
by
PRESIDENT HAYES,
who also pledges' himself to Maji.
Burke and the Louisiana delegation,
in addition, to support the Nicholls
governlment and recognize it fully.
Blaine andi one other Senator are
the only oplponents to President
Hayes' Nicholls-Louisiana policy
now. Morton is making a little fight
so that hlie can conie tdown easy.
Tell your people to rest assured
all is, and will end well.
Kellogg's credentials signed by
Packard were tabled by the Senate.
I will send you news ot the senating
of Eustis, to-morrow. E.
New Orleans, 7th Marcih.
Special to Vindicator.
The latest is that Morton, Hoar,
and their set, are at logger healds
Iwith President Hayes already, and
denounce him as a second Andy3
Jolhnson.
Governor Nichiolls is thoroughly
convinced of his nltimate recognition
very soon.
An attempt was made yesterday,
by some of Packard's henchmen to
blow up the Supreme Court rooms,
but was frustrated. Eight kegs of
powder and slow matelhes were found
opposite, in the Morrison building.
New Orleans, March 2.-A proli.
nent Republican has a dispatch from
Kellogg, in which is stated, "the bot
tomn has dropped out of the Packard
governmen et."
List of Arrivals at Principal Hlotels,
Buardick'8s IIOlltse,
Alfred Ma3year, City ; T. J. Cock
field, Parish ; John Wilsoni, Texas;
L. Clharleville, Parish ; V. S. Benoist,
Parish ; W. F. Partin, Atlanta, La;
J. W. Robison ; Win. N. Jihnson;
James Hlill, Parish ; A. IProndlhomnne,
Parish; G. M. Longmier, Parish;
T. C. Donovan, Parish ; R. A. Farhis,
Sabine, La. ; Eligah Cox, Sabine, La;
J. Hohuan, Texas; J. T. Sanches,
Railroad.
It may he observed that fio attempt is
madle tolmunt up out-of-the way or un
kiown places to find names to endorse
Simmons' Liver Regulator:
Hen. Alexander H. Stepliens.
John W Beckwith, Bishop of Ga.
General Jio. B. Gordon, U. 8. Senator.
Hon. Jio. Gill Shorter, ex Gov, of Ala.
Rev. David Wills, D DI), President Og
lethorpe College.
Bishop Pierce (of Ga.)
Hen. James Jackson (firm Howell
Cobb & James Jackson), Attornry
at Law, Mlacon, Ga.
Jno. B. Cobb,
R. L, Mott, Coluilia<, Ga.
PIarties lavin jlrchased the
y right for IlhNDJ)1O's I'ATTFg,
'( 'IIURN, are illiutletld th;t T. 114JAI..
SLER, Tin amil Stoe tt ldeakir o
r Washington -treet, i, pi1lp'arl
to 41pl)y the,!il\\itl (iH urnls en.
lete, on denwt ltd.--. 1/.
AtI home ,or a,, al .t 1.. J. I, Il.
i Lean's ShnT i thi :ing ('rni-ll n looR l
as the hi st tonii , i nvitir:t1 tr I :and I ilt(.r
drelc, .rI' t.h li t ,itt f1it ll1 I :I1 .ll l . ,ll.
ine c ssity. 11 ..i 1 1. I .. o , :ll 1-1 (t.'iti ..
A :'I'I :l)1: C( st 'Il"In1\. brmibhilii.: i ha.
r . . si mhnl - f \ t i r dl t h . l a - . aini wfll . 1 u
ft.Ii ,'lht" rui- Ij~iiil.. dIlt 'hifiv , itti\itiltPa I,, t
" S (.ant~i t il l ol an ;tii I .lindiltt
frc -heell th i: th i lln on Lan h prlo iti I Ihtiu 11a
I - Ihint 5 til i iI. n r\ih fi a at-i- (a se ,e
lnt'its, and iii ng fl ",.i I it hiti : I''t e tistian
i \" o te imp~avt -tooh ,t i tlhis 1,\ ltful invig.
lit it, I-mi i . :He. t \\ ill ,-11. . F" :D:1 1 fI rig.
dt i i ti i r c. i, lip 11. t i titl ilh full ir i',tinst
Ianl p lercal r e'wl,.in,, S f tlll' r rtipII \ . AiHOI dO N
ll CLOnK . I. Deiurily S lreelct.\:
rl'1 n,,-. \ Y . W . 11 | H) ;ti.)
EXTENSiVE Sf L 00"'
I'ucle Sai. schi his (olstit uiion
For 1. Amemneutets,
'l. S (itl Dnt swapped CS(;A:l Tillthe
For Ihaves :fi ("n asey
aigyes silter 'ld I'aOk r of the oihls.
(hiuh rlt i ,'.al h. i:1.4 colehctor.s
''o WVtih llalnpton.
't. acL tl gtave the i: attlk Ie Ioe a ar don
ttit:I. .il'k l.,is low 'uI.t e to
orFrancis T. PERINIlls.
Jac'b A., sohl his sto'k of go.ds. woml
Flili 24. tf
hi1' n retiring friis t to'e life I haven een
in for the last 2 ) earts, in this parishll
d,.sire to express tlo" thal].s to Ily frieudt
ml t olli crllis tnd AN l niDwn l tlelto tIhe
nW 'lfim who pirchass myi stock and
have the fl ailiut.s req ired to supply
their wants. Very Ri ),,vl'rfnlly,
JARIC ST. OUI A. WLR SON.
(Do e's for tll'. Mare th . , I77.
THE NEW STAND.
On St.. Denis Street.t.
Finest ON HA)OGNAC BRANDY, Purest
WHISKIES, First-class WINES, Import
ed nl Domest otic CIGARS and the
Lager Beer EPORIU of the City.OF
St. Louis and :1il walkee creamy hoer on
tap. Dl ink and grow fat and never
forget A. PERINI.
F'eh 24. tf
FROM HER ASHES.
ciTh( Pluix has lint it new life on Cand now
caters fl r pultican orders
J Addr ren Sddath
Nth thiitochest
Andl T. CHAER,
IVY aIQ FEORS,
RICH ST. LOUIS BEER Oh DRAFT.
o St. Denis Str, NVet.OcES, L
SPREJ.'IAL STEoHENS.odat the
( Ser Miles t oth r f inatcbit heds. and
IIeAS ON HAND nfd, is lprepared to f uar
conishfort on shrt notice all kick.s of the
Yied prollow aiietiaoti.
PINE LUMBER.
-AT
Nlt well stocked mbr yard in this.
FiveritrI to Ten dollars per sh.at noti.ce
Fourhten Molar per h. in city yard.
WOr J. . TRICHMELL,
t 21hitoches,
--AT
Feb. 24-ly