JAI. H. COMULOVL, . .ior
SA'U Y - - April 7, 1877.
8A U{) - ... ..
Sthe
Largest Circulation
Of any Country paper in ,.,,
tie State - .oa
. . . . f' i
Rates of Subscription.
One Year --.................. 1 h
ix Montbhs ......................
No inhseriptino taken' for less than 6 TRo
months. i
Advertisements isrteld t tlhe rate of for
$1.50 per square for the first insertion.
and 753 cents fir eh sul, sseq'nllt one.
Ten lines or le, solid Brevier consti pi
tirt a sqnare, or one hundred words. :
Jndicial Advertisements i One ollarl
per hundred words, (sqnare) first inert- o
tion, 50 cents for eac:lh snblscqnclnt inser- 1
tion. Payabil in advance.
All Transident Advertisements payta- i
l,le in ardwtne, and nll Adlvertisrultei, hi'
for a less time than 6 months, are Trarn
sitnt'
Reglar AivertimueOnts payable qoluar
terly, in advance.
Adrtisers in the Northern Cities P
MLtr'r apply to our Agents for th.rmsland
.ontracts, for no attention will be paid ill
to applications to us in person from that c(
Jection. o
AGENTS.
Th o Ing named~l genntleme have
All orders for Advertisig most beti
contractedl with our Agents.
No nttention paid to propositions ex
oept from them.
G. P. Fl wetll &. Co.. New York. i
,. M. Pettengill &E Co.,
Ayer & Son, l'iladellhim, Penn. e
Edwin Alden, Cineiniatti, Ohio.
E. Fresllhmanl & BIro., "
Chandler, Lord & Co, ('hicago, Ill. t
Howell & Chesinilr . St. Louis, M)o.
W. W. Sharp & Co.,23 Park Row, N. Y.
Thos. McIntyer, New Orleans, La.
J. Curtis Waldo, "
_--- -___I--=
LocAL AGENTS.
The following named gentlemen have
kindly consented, and are hereby ac
credited as Agents for the PEOPLE'S
VINDICArOR.
Col. J. F. Pierson, Conshatta,Red River.
Benj. Wolfson,
Hon. D. W. Self, Many, Sahine parish.
J. H. Caldwell Esq.,c Land, Venon.
" Tho. ainhar rson,.
Hon. M. F. Machen, Winnfield Winn.
Dr. M. A. Dunn, Montgomery, Grant.
Al advertisements must be hand
ed in to this ofice by Thursday
evening of each tweek, to insure in- 11
sertion that issue.
All Judicial advertisements must c
be paid for in advanee, or they fwill I
be discontin'td after the first inter
krereeondence containing news of a
W> ' o i T tiled frni this I
anld neghboriny parishes. Tre rce F
same of the writer must accompany all 1
letters, lint the name wtill not be pub.
lised unless so desired. Letters to be i
written on one side of the sheet of pa
per, and to contain news of general in
terest it brief, crops and weather re
ports, gossip, local happeºnings, &c.
w e aR
u n . S LEW I S horn,
f Rnoe
their
sake
ing(
The steamer art Able deserves It
kindly notice. She is the "old lnar
regular" of Red River, making her at h
time Tu edays without fail. And ish.
why not, when officered by her orit:
present superb crew. Look at by Q
Capt. Dick, and then cast the ball 0551
of your eye on his right bawer, pla
Hamilton, and the left and ace
we forget who the left and ace are, T
but Capt. Dick has got them sure; to t
they account for the punctuality goo
in time, and promptness in bnrsi
nese, of this really queen of Pack- of i
et&--N, B. We want it distinctly stit
understood that the above is spon- dnu
taneous, and was not suggested ha'
by the proMise of a oan of oysters, ho
aftee ride, or a "run with us when "wD
we go to town." Capt. Dick and i
George knowt us too well for that, cl
P. .. , We forgot to mention that
Jules .. Measi, her attentive de
g ept, fatters himself as being a fr
Ittle bigger than the seven spot-- d
'ihtself." ge
ve
Puakard's crowd does not seem to be m
as enthusiastic as winning men gen- tih
eral) are. The desertion continues m
and at last accounts the rump was on
withot quorum in either House, eight
having left the lower house alone tb
within the week. I the Commission D
poposes to do any good for Packard p
it is mnt ikuly hie sea would, desert i
him; on the eootrary, their withdraw- f,
al is a strong iodpl tion of his being g
weak ..bfea what we thoaght. a
0
OWr yoko$ friend Coleman Levy
has opened himself a stove on Front
tr and is prepaed to supply the t
waems otLe publle n a general way, t
ias a worthy young man and a
desSt.s - '*And Ilyihg patron
·V. L. almaley. wb serious 1
is a w pan ea4 p101 .
' Ae )* Xieslx iunjaed
A $400 Clerk, A
A most amusing as well as pointed The tidoe
caricature appeaied in a late number things some
of the New York Irish World. A small occur(
ship, designated as the City of New tenor of a be
Yor k, is represented riding the waves minded of th
during a fearful storm. Smith Ely, we know th;
the Mayor, has the helm, while rang- has been rut
el over the «t1ole deck is the freight the short rei
- officials of all classes,and kinds. in oar nmii
from the $400 Clerlks, whose positions main soppl
are near the rail, and one in danger as i1retr
of being washed off, to the fat ed and rech
$50,000 and $1(l0,0()0 Alderman, all our bhe
Sheriffs or City Attorneys, securely hour he arti
3u hampered between masts. Governor two or ta car
( Robihon in a yawl oandtls ahead, and anw or th re
is shown as shouting back, when the an that r
sound line strikes a shoal place, Re- Money f
omuch of it
unf form ! industry frn
Considerable consternation is de- ind ofustry "ho
;ti. picted in Smith Ely's countenance, living" ; an
bar hut he manages to yell ont--"throw , it
- over-board a $400 Clerk immediate- agw ma
vr- iv!" ,We were thoughtfully struck isene) now ma
a-. when looking over the appropriation sen and dsa
bts hill of the legislature of this State, te atreet
n how well a repreduction of the carl- ote bsr
iar- cature of the Irish World would ap- once boyis
ties ply to our home reformers. to tofe sor
and The slaughter of $400 Clerks with- to tinkine so
,aid in the past 93 days has heen fearful to nintier, tg
tea mother, at
contemplate. When the "throw ing idostrion
overbhoard" process began early in i\V call
January, the people innocently hopel W callren
that the good woik would go on tn- b noty fie
be til relief was hall. In this, however, ore not
ex- they have been sadly mistaken. The heroidst, is n
heft of those ",$400" fellows was in- midst, awhic
tirely too great for the muscular pow- father a
ers and "wind" of the heavers, and supply thi
they completely broke down before thsir l
11. they came to the $5000 and $21t.000 ly atwaits
tonnage. It may seem remarkable, iSing boy
but it is a fact nevertheless, that the ed and 1
great, real and only reformer iii the ling hell,
Body at Odd Fellow's Hall. and for Young to
that matter, the St. Louis hotel, is a You, the
man to whom the party refused a seat oent.
y ac- in the Central Executive Committee
'LE'S of this State; although lie is a Demo- L. Ca
crat, and was regularly elected by ing firn
Rier. Democrats. That person is James ll
ish. Fitzpatrick, of Orleans, and we think, cite clal
it we may be excused for looking into
this very thin and transparent grind fietlem
n. stone, we can see the motive for keep
- ing him out altogether, if possible. morritce
- The very measures that are calcn- well as
hand- lated to drink the blood of the tnx- leather,
d payer-to destroy our prosperity, im- tory in
e in- ede our advance and blight our
morals, have never yet had serious stead ol
must consideration from the legislattre. said to
Will The Slaughter House monopoly ; tihe This is
inser- Mettipolitan Police law; the swind- should
ling Levee Commission; the State CIspaRi
Lottery fraud, have all been passed for this
of a by in silence, -as too heavy, and the
r 1C(tF bottom," lins en l ey nnnel at~111
ny all reform vouchsafed the taxpayer. made
Sub. Where is the Granger front More- All 1
Sto be house, and the popular scalp ihunter hulbl
p foin the Felicianias, that thiey have
ral in. allowed us bulldozed in this manner?
(er -e- Ye Gods, we have listened for their The
&.. war whoop for many an hour, and pl of
despair has seized us. In our agony er p t
we ask for even a squeak of those on te
horns that were wont in election times of the
to rally the clans, and cause the sta
Rays and the Webbers to shake ina mhf
their boots. Answer not, for Uity mo
sake, our cry of REFORM! by "throw- still n
ing overboard a $400 Clerk. ie to
Take us out; we are sick! "con
** r* - *e conseq
eo It is sad to contemplate the count- great
onances of the hope defered and sick ge
ingher at heart radical bummers of this par- "dhi
I. And sl. Elected, by an "immense ma.1
by her ority" to high aind responsible offices the
ook at by a lot of voters that cannot further
he ball assist them, it seems the golden ap
pler will turn to ashes on their lips. pel
"You aie so near and yet so far" is
I ace- be in
the despairing cry. of
ae are, The fan to us, but death no doubt m
Ssure; t them of the whole business is, thle
tli good and solvent bond question. Cl
iin busi After furnishing the exact number
ofPack- of votes required to elect, their eon- e
stinctly stitneney havn't the right number of fore
is spOn- ducats to go hail for their lhonest be- mad
ggested havior while in offlice. Of course they
ters, ho~nl out to the governor that we are r
Swen "'factionsly obstructing them in qual- we
eik and ifying" because we don't furnish de- call
Sa mocratie white men to go their se- mai
carity. .J sees
ion that It is certainly a pretty good evi- we
attentive dence of elongated cheek for these tha
Sbeing a fellows to vilify and abuse white men be
=n spot- during a whole decade and when they tha
get elected to office by reapon of this The
-very abuse to turn 'ronnd and ask not
seem to be those same white men to go bond for in
men gen- their gmood behavior. And this is no spr
continues I more nor lees than these fellows are offi
rmp w tIM now doing. dyi
nse, eight If they, or even those who wish do'
uase alone theip. "on an even footing with the
ommission Democrats as to giving bonds" ex
i Packard pect such of the white people of this Fe
aid desert parish the mistake is woful and will lb
tithdraw- ful. Let the men who elected them i'
i beinglo go security for them, if they are not H
ght, able to do so-let some one take the th
office who can. at
iatn t Levy e - fi
on P Front The New Orleans Pieatse has got b
-apply the the"Dimnation bow-wows" because e
,eral way, the Dnmerat was elected State print- al
I man and er and oscial journal. ThePicayane th
ig patron- may growl munhb as it likes, but we W
an aesarue It that the people think H
"' . the seIeetel of the DmeIoeral eminent- g
p e iserou ly St proper. The Idea of a t
.A, li nt Charleyl owtrd and Henry Clary
tos L ib o iS Warmotl journal enjoying the hoeor
gre ip p6al of ite pdty p'onlg and tht payt1
y'- atd ofdain s igtttt) propoetwoaio. ll..
aowajS@6r ight coa old we.14 d
A Sad Truth. L7
Cd The tide of life turns on simple The stalwt
,cr things sometimes, and ill the youth ter be, from
A small occurtencs change the whole own good, a
ew tuor of a being. We are forcibly re- diceaor. H
res minded of the truth of the above when have treated
k;I, we know that at lnast one young boy opinions of
hg- us been ruined, perhaps for life, by welfare and
gut thte slort reign of that game of Keno close attent
ids. in onur nmidst. This bny was tIhe great heed
ons main support of a mother, nod he order to en
wge as indostriots, intelligent, respect- vance, it We
ft ed and received encontgement from thle Ilouilt
an, ill our business men. In an evil pensioned o
ely hour e attended a sitting of Keno- light and vi
took a card, each for a dime; he won and the slit'
and two or three dollars in as many days, the fragile
the and that ruined him. better lust
Re- Money earned that way, and so hind desks
much of it in so short a time, drove Shoulnhd t
industry from his thoughts. He boast- the stalwar
, ed of "how easy he could make a vance that
rowe living"; and he "would never work He shoel
again," it was "too degrading." He phis, Ten
iate- nplts Teln
ack is now manly(.) (in the latter day Lightnin
tiosence) smokes, drinks whiskey, cur- same place
tate, se and damns, and swaggers through
tate, the streets, with his smooth face and
ap- once boyish look, "set" by an expres- Pursuan
- ion of hardness which is disgnetingf attendatnc
it to the sorrow of all good and right River pal'r
fll to thinking men who know his poor The me,
mointher, and knew him when honest, the Hon.
ay indstrious, and really manly. T. L. Ter
y in We call the attention of all our Mr. Tet
o»- boy friends to this true story. Wet marks.
euer, are not much on sermonizing, but On mu
Ther, hero is an experience in their own quested
T in- midst, and of their own play-follow, Cl aitc
of which they can take heed. Let en on Rel
pow. fathers and mothers at home to-night J. F. I
bs and supply the moral to this- and warn Love, -.
2efor.e their children of the fate that certain- t . J
'k-0c, ly awaits this once bright and prom- lfter con
iskable iing boy-tell them of a life wreck- report
it the ed and lost from one visit to t ganmb To the
i the liung hell, by one whose mind was too and Men
li 'a young to resis,t by thought and re leave our (
son, the awful temptatiou of a me followin
I a seat \Vhere
mitteeet tnce foet
Demo- L. Caspari, Esq., of the enterpris- source o
ted by ing firm of Caspal i & Dietrich of this \ldo
Jarne city called us into his estallishment tant to I
think, one day daring the week and showed nent, tI
in us a really magnificent display of chosen
r keep- gentlemeu's custom made shoes. The
Skep- shoes ate of all kinds of leather- held in
able. c morrecco, kid, calf, kip and goat, as Novsetn
well as cloth and undressed red heavy citizens
he tx- leather, and are made at Pavie's fac- ciatiol
i, im-ti cto
y, m- tory in New Orleans by the new pat- previon
et oas ent process of using wire screws in- with th
stead of pegs and thread anti which is t sti
slature. said to be more lasting than either.
hle large iT
'ly the This is certainly an enterprise that oils, 0(
sswind- should he sustained heartily. Messrs. WtI
SSt Caspari & Dietrich are the sole agents cnl
assed for this factory in this city and they Board,
and the Board,
are offering these shoes, all of fins of the
O Ht r7Sni h and supersi wor .el" I- i
m per cent cheaper than they can be to ini8
mre made by shoemakers. such
iMonter All parties desiring a well finished, oic
he durable and lasting shoo must not failI State,
iner to give them a call.
for tho- The Minden Democrat asks the peo- raitti
dple of Loniniana to pause and consi- e
of agons der the conseqtuences of a resistance alhe
Sts on their part against the armed forces
of the United States. Just such talk the r
use tie as that emboldens the common ene- leroh
f i my of liberty and civilizationii in this dien
f Sr ity ate aud tends to weaken the weak eit
still more. The question for the peo- Fran'
ple to "pause and consider, is not the Be
"consequence of resistance" buit the e C
eonsequece of submission. We fear whib
e count- greatly onr friends of the Democrat gaoe
and sick has not yet recovered from that ise
ethis pr. "demoralization" brought about by polit
le offices the October primary election of 1876. le
It f further - miss
huen th-r We sappose there need be no ap- cal
leiir lips. prehension of a compromise. We Cot
fr" ps seak this from the fact that it would o
so far" is be impossible to bind any man or set cai
od men in this section to its fulfill- of 1
nos iotlz mett; and no matter who nmakes that
e coslpromisne, even Governor Nicholls pe
ttion. with all his popularity, can not bindor rig
umber expect to hold to its observance a tle
their con- single persnn in the State. There- sete
n umber of fore we apprehend no effort will be Is
honestt be- deft
ce e made in that direction. ern
course they ..,...------
that we are The attorney npon whose conduct ier
m n in qual- we laid some stress in our last issue; fut
rurnish de- called upon us during the week and n
o their so- made a full and satisfactory state- th
Smont Of-tha whole matte., -i.4.~*ieh hi
Sgood evi- we fully concur with him in stating des
fr these that no act of his in this instance can hIol
wwhit e men be construed into favoring anything me
Id when they that looks like not 'toeing the mark.'p
ion of this The gentleman, on the contrary, did ad'
nd and ask nothing that even looks like weak
go bond for Iing and the whole matter seems to re
l this is no spring from thelast gasp of radical b
fellows are officials who wish to buold up their ce
dying fortunes by attempting to pull
a who wish down others. B
pg with the -- '-- -*
bonds" ex- As every one is commenting on the
ople of this Foster--Mathews letters, pledging
ful and will Hayes to a sustenance of home role
elected them in the South and a full recognition of
hey are not Hampton and Nicholls, we do not M
noe take the think it necessaruy to give our views p
at all upon the subject. It has in B
S fact beo.ome so.mixed.as to be almnost
eh has got beyond our ken. The letters, how
wsb because ever, speak for themselves, and they ti
State priot- are to ps a flat and emphatic promise
Thehiceayune that all honorable men should and
likes, but we would consider of binding etffect.
people think How Hayes and his people will .e
arateminent- gard it we cannot say. Time will I
lie idea of atell.
ne t thno Fifteen cents each, two for a quar
mD t - . p .$ t r! That will bethie pried of drinks
atm " nd cigus at the Phmnts. Sea ktd
wdath for psrtlalr s
Good Advise, " C...News
le The stalwart David Boullt had bet- New
ih ter be, from this time out, and for his
lc own good, a close reader of the Vin
e- dicator. Hitherto Radical officials It'. Editorbe
en have treated lightly the wishes and fensive vexae
fenisivte vega
[i opinions of the taxpayer, but future parish to wi
by welfare and glory resides In paying sense of de
" P efict e
no close attention to their wants and what he call
he great heed to their utterances. In may be that
he order to enlighten the S. D. in ad- (forelevated to is e
(for it is eni
et- vance, it woild be well to state, that elt time) w
im the BouIlt family had better not be by ol of
vil pensioned on the parish-that is, the High Comt
- light and visage of the Sage Dhvvid, foot by his
on and the slippery William, as well as wandiht e.
weight enic
ys, the fragile Tommy, will shine with the one is t
better luster in priv-ate life, than be- too ti utid
so hind desks in the Sheriff's offic. broken in t
ove Should this hint be disregarded, he only be
st- the stalwart David is reminded In ad- of such -het
ea vance that we "told him so." who threw
ark He should remember vividly the lustre "wit
e "ewing Machine wagon, and Men- made a at
Sphis, Tenn., route" escapade of 1874. which the
day Lightning never hits, twice in the hyield, or isthe
ii~ve hit~yielh, or is
er- same place. out his air
ugh - ---- The pre:
SMass Meeting. portnuitty 1
and It is his 1
res- pursuant to a call, there was a large State gov
ing i attedance ' of the citizens of Red upheld
ight River parish, at Coushatta, on Satur- him wn
day, March 31, 1877-. utert
poor The meeting was called to order by for t
nest, the Hon. L. E. Love, who nominated er e st th
T. L. Terry Esq., as ('haitman. itscitizeu
I our Mr. Terry explained the olject of fire, hav
We the meeting in a few appropriate re- e saved
mak-of the swl
marks.
t On motion, Ben. Wolfson was re- to se th
own quested to act as Secretary. wa to
low, On motion of G. W. Harris, the abnt aga
Let Chair appointed a Committee of sev- It isagr
en on Resolutions, to-wit: the very
night J. F. Pierson, J. H. Peese, L. E. to obey,
warn Love, G. W. Cawthorn, 'r. R. Armis- the whol
rtain- ead, J. R. Johnson, and P. L. Col human it
r- line. The Committee retired, and that grat
prom- after consultation made the following (y n51
reck- report : nd strn
tomb To the Hon. Ciairman, Secretary wN tha
as too and Members of this Mass Meeting: step thl
Your Conmitte on Resolutions beg one whi
I ra leave to suhmit unanimously, the tion in t
t mO following, to-wit addition
Whereas, it is of the first impor- amongst
tance for the subject to know the and par
Ssource of authority to which hlie is to g tfte
3rpryield obedience and support, and ward is
of thi Whereas, it is as equally impor- and wit]
hment tant to the sulject of a free govern- lv under
bowed ment, that those only who have been of good
ny of chosen to positions by authority, This
y shall assume the duties thereof, and though
. The Whereas, at the general election of that
ther- held in this State, on the 7th day of er, Mr.
o at, as November, 1876, in which all of our where
heavy citizens freely and voluntarily parti- ed thet
's fac- cipated, without hindrance or dis- widow
tinction, on account of race, color or that su
w pat- previous condition, in accordance every
ws in- with the letter and spirit of the Con- man he
ic is stitntion, and laws of both, Federal sorr w
either. satd State governments; did by a than h
large majority, elect Francis T. Nich- thee
e that oils, Govrlruor of our State, and hks
Messrs. WIpareas, through the criminal mis- tindsc.
agents condv of a body of four men, con- he ha
te stitunI thenselves a Returning face t
Sthey Board, ,.t S. B. Packard, in defiance can co
of fine of the w and choice of the people, thdel
election by the people at naught, aid sobe,l
to install himself in power through
such criminal miseidluct into the
nislwd, office of Chief Magistrate of our The
not fail 8tate, and
Whereas, said Packard now threat
ens by force to extort an unwilling
suhmission from our people to his ty- sideul
the peo- ranny. Thi
1 coisi- lie it therefore Resolved, That we, ThE
st as the descendants of a free ancestry,
edifrce while laying claims to the sacred
heritage of freedom, cannot, and in hogici
ach italk the recollections of the history of our first
ion ene* heroie forefathers, will not yield obe- as Mr
n this dience or fealty to any other than the Be
lwalegitimate goveriment chosen by our e,
he k people, annl of which we recognize l
Francis T. Nicholls as Governor.
a not the Be it further Resolved, That while C. Si
but the we court investigation, and are ant- aqua
ions to publish to the world, and o
e while we are willing for the federal O
Democrat government by investigation or other- han
om that wise, minutely, to ascertain our true adol
bpolitical condition, yet. it has been A
o remanded to our recent experience to
learn the danger there is in sub
mission to the arbitrament of politi
be no ap- cal cormorants, under the name of
iee.We Commissions, and Investigating Com- ow
. e,ttees, seeking the coasummation of B
it would political ends, rather than the vindi- his
nan or set cation of the just, or the repression vi
its fulfill- of the wrong. 1
mike s that That we regard the coming of the cl
nieholls present federal Commission to our Jac
State, with deep forebodings for our agr
notbinder rights. and that we will not submit to sda
sereance a their jurisdiction any of our local is his
There- sies, created by S. B. Packard, or I
it wll b his henchman, for the purpoee of re
defrauding us out of our local gov- er
ernment by such federal interference. n
Be it further Resolved, That we -
se conduct hereby teader, and will render in the an
last issue; future a ready and willing obedience
wewk and and support only to Francis T. Nich- no
oIls, time Governor of our State, and te
toyy state- that 'will pauy taxes to no other ha
-iss MIIh tn I "go'ernmbent "organled ui.
in stating tier him, and we will defend and up g
sttance can hold that government with all the hr
g anythiig means which God hath placed in our hy
the mark." pO motion, the Resolutions were at
strary, did adopted._
ike weak- A Resolution was then adopted
r seems to requesting the Coushatta Citizen, Peo
re f s Vindicator, N. 0. Democrat, and
of radical Shreveport Times to publish the pro
d up their ceeding of the meeting
ing to pull On motion, the meeting adjourned.
,T. L. TERRY, i
Bax. WoLFSOi, Chairman.
Secretary.
nting on the .__-.o.
n, p ledging Lit of Arrivals at Principal lothls.
Shome rule -urdek"'
3grdI43k~S House. h
nogtition of W. T. Stephens, Shackelford, Tex.;
we do not LPerot. Cample, La., M. C. Russel,
our views Parish; T. J. Ramsey, Patish; Thos. 4
It has in B,,nd, Salt Lake; Chas. Stewart, t
SParish; - W. M. Trammell, ?arish; a
ete, hoo - Henry Safford, City ; Mr. Simkins,
etters, how- Wife anal Daughter, Ala.; W. F. Par
as, and they tin, Wion, La.; Alex. Asher, City.
ati prom i Plantr- otel.
should and W. B. Fart, Louisville, Ky.; Louis
Tdeng eect. Prndhomme, Parish; Capt. H. P.
.oPe wil I re- Gallien, Parish; C. W. Pollan, -a
Time will imne; D. M. Giddons, Red River; J.
W. Suddath, City; Capt. Butler,
. ~Parishi; J. Messi, Parish ; W. A.
o for a quar- Carter, Paih h; M. C. Long, Texas,
t o f forianks R, F. Harrison, Parish; J. H. Cal
i • well, Sabine; A. Hardy, shine; S.
.Ie Sd*Hramadt's, Parish; Joe. essaande,
A, Fargo, Tex. .
, -.~
SlPeinal Correspotlcncc to the Vinrdicator. pubiicans. w.tic.
News from Our Friends, gr.eandtnw e. ar1
~·and his Sthe
iNATC IIITOCHII S, swers the gra
CANE RIVER, April 3, 1877. It re rirSg
~ . ri. Editor d' loise. our r
Id It has been anid *till is a cause of of- other comnpr
fensive vexation to t the citizens of this willing to ke
re parish to witness the utter and total ab- justly and eI
g splce of determilation olt the part of want to adol
prresident Returning Board liayes in itical iastar'
what he calls his "Southern policy. It one for peatci
Inmay be that as he knows he has been another, we
d- elevated to the highest political otlice secred honot
(for it is eminently political at the pres- erty at stake
eat it time) withil the gift oflthis country our flng stall
be by one of the most stulendoiis frauds We are a '
e which has ever, or can ever disgrace a day than wt
H igh Commussion, and hlund hand and to lose.
id, foot by his promises to the one party, s
andl his fears of thie otlher, tlheir united
weight encirclitli his mind and heart,
ith tie oe is too narrow to grasp, the other
b ne- tot timid to execute. Will liberty "as I)cal indict
yet put a partial arnm, be nnhlushingly We bid a
broken in the hands of this man '" il last trd
ed, he only be the fit successor of Grant, or to stanllld by
ad- of such patriots and statesmen as Wash- to st man.l
ington, Madison, Jefferson and others laind other 1
who threw out those sparks of moral hind lot ir
the lustre "which rave light to a world and sl iciet yulea
, made a nation ivre " of the tax
Is he yet so little, with the power, the cry w
which the chief Executive is khown to Captai's o
yield, or is he wanting in nerve to carry you are ms
out his already declared policy Planti
The present affords an admirable o01- ' tire an
portnuity for pacifying the whole Soiutll pt.I eendt
It is his bounden duty to see that all irisnerhd "
irge State goveronments are carried on anti of America
Red upheld cording to the eonstittution. Let ofckard is
u ir- hiri wili draw the troops from every is peoakale,
Southern State, or rather let themn not be hils pe to
used for th.b purpose of upholding a gov- `lessrs. Sel
rteld eminent hostile to the interests, and
ertagainst the declared wish and feelingr of large tory w
its citizens. Governments have txistedi be- Vindicator
t of ,fre, have been saved ; can exist ani i can and w
B re- be saved again without the interposition ity ond -
of the sword. It is his greatduty to-day
a re- to see that they make not one step for
ward to build up or tear down a govern
tie inent against the establishlct ad andirrefut
' adly expressed sentiment of its people. Dear Vine
It is a great public trust, consecrated by Nothing
the very instriument which he has sworn Health of
i. E. to obey, a dilty, second to none amongst Farmer
in- the whole rage and repertory of the corn and
Col human intellect as well as the heart, and corn and
and that grand public trust would ill-become Freednl
:wing any lan who would dare tread with well
scornful steps, "in honor's sacred path, their littl
and standl at bold defiance with his duty. tiful as o:
tng We think it would be a very proper
g step taken by the people's legislature,
he one which would give general satisfac
the tion in this part of the parish, to have an
additional magistrate for Ward 11. It is
npor- amongst the largest wards of the parish,
the anti parties litigant are often obliged to W h
e is to go fifteen or twenty miles to the ma bis- Cabinet
id trate when they have any business. he of War
ward is fully large enough to have two,
tpor and with a proper officer, competent, ful- order tr
vern- ly understanding his duties, a great deal State H
Seen of good can be accomplished.
iority, This community was pained, greatly so, oin
f, and though not surprised, to hear of the death the I
lection of that truly good man, citizen and fath South
day of er, Mr. Valery Gaiennie. In this section
of our where the deceased was largely connect- tively r
arti-ed the announcement was a sad one in- decider
Sdis- deed. The sympathy of all attend his
S widow and tinily. It is not the dead sons o
loer or that suffer, but those who remain, for il Houses
rdance every condition and situation of life, w troop
e Con- mian has more causes for grief, pain and trp
sederal sorrow, than has man, and snuters more of any
by a than hlie does. Man has his strength, and iy too
Nich- the exercise of his power; he acts, he
Sgoes, hlie comes; hlie occupies himself, he not, tli
al mis- thinks, he embraces the future, and there serve 1
finds consolation. Not so with woman- ards
, con- she has none ; she dwells. She remains S
turning face to face with grief, of which nothing warral
lefianee can console her. She descends even into while
people, the tie the thas antr tie
ti, ani sobs, her praycers antd her tears. exerci
'hi HoTSrUR. otr
rtotghe other
of our The Grand Hobby Question statio
threat GRAPPE'S BLUFF. April 5,1877. of W
willing How can Hayes, a Republican, be Pre- but a
his ty . sideut of tile United States, and Fmrancis
T. Nicholls Governor of Louisana? in P
r"at we, The question is raised nrot only by Re door
nestry publictin Senators, State, Parish mand Cor
aeestry' poration offlcers, but also every barber pk
sacred and washerwoman advocates the sanmeo 'R
and in logical stumbling block. And at the erum
y of our first glance it looks logic, and is as clear i
eld obe- as Mississippi water.
than the But let us look to facts and cireumstan- in th
n by our ces, but before doing this I will make a
co~gnize legal proposition, and ask you to answer peo
no.. my qUestionu? p. o
or. ileJ. aeob has four legitimate sons, A. B. mcul
at while 0C and D., who will inherit his property
are anxl- equally athis death, his fonr sons have r
rld, and two legitimate children Oeach.. Stab
e federal O're of his sons, A, after marriage anmd of a
or other- having his two legitimate childrei,
our true I adopts another illegitimate bastard child ral
hais been in regular legal form It
rience to A dies, ants the two legtimate and the
iene sb- one adopted child divide equally A's may
in suo- proerty, because their father had the to a
of politi- ,iglt to adopt his illegitimate or bastard fidel
name of child, and mnake him an equal heir to his
ing Com- own ayroperty. Rep
mation of But Jacob, the grand father, dies after '
b le vindi- his son A, without a will, or makes a
e pression will and says my property shall be equal- t
S ly divided between my grand children. Ass
Can A's son, the bastard or adopted sier
" g of the child, claim as an heir or grand child of
Sto our Jacob? Because his father. A, by anher
s for our agreement or compromise with his out- Nc
submit to side woman, has atdopted sad legalized Rel
r local is his illegitimate childi
e kard, or It would be an absurdnlity in law and
arpee of reason, that the son A, can bind his fath
ocal goe- er Jacob, and force on him a bastard
tererence. grand child without his consent, in pre
Trart we judice of his eight legal grand children.
That we Compare our political mnuddle to this, hy
uder in the and the result is the.same.
obedience It is an undeniable fact that Hayes is
a T. Nich- not put in the Presidential chair by vir thr
State, and tue of his election, or by votes east at the
no other banilot box. nor by legal electoral votes.
anbed u. TBe majority of real iotes cast and le
indpgal electors belong to Mr. Tilden. Li
d and up Hayes is counted in by a fraudulent li
.itl all the bribed amid perjured Returning Board and
seed in out by the Grand Commission. are
Tbe Democrats North, East and West
tions were at once protested agamInst it and were
prepared to fight by law or force of arms.
n adopted But the pressure of pecuniary affairs, in
*tizen, Peo- the reduction of U. S. bonds, etc.. etc., HI
mcrat, and which would ruin the North and West,
rthe pro-a induced them to compromise The North iT
sh the pr not being able to commence civil war. P.
True, r. Hayes himself has not said
Sdjonroed, in word or syllable, "if you let me be
_ERRY, ianagurated in peace I will let you have
:hairman. sour Louisiana and South Carolina," but w
hints, signs and tokens have been thrown
-out to that effect.
S lho0lds, The Democrate accepted the political 0
bastard R. B. H., for peace sake, perhaps; a
he will make a good President, at least ,
se a hotter one than his predecessor.
Iford, Te.; But what connection has the legalizing
. C. Russel, the acceptance of the political bastard
tish ; Thos. baby as Preident of the U. 8. to do with C
i. Stewart, the election of Louisiana We hlave not 1
lell, arish ; and will not accept Packard, becanuse he
Ir. Simkins, was not elected by eight thousand votes. 2
W. F. Par- The fraud and bribery of thc Return
hee, C ity. ing Board is an indisputable fact; the
political bastard baby cannot be forced
on us in Louisiana.
el. The draw back which preseed us to ac
, Ky.; Louis cept the political bastard baby as Pres
apt. H. P. ident is no inducement for us to accept
olPoian, .-a- another political bastard for Governor iu
Ed River ; J. Louisiana. We have no U 8. bonds to
at. Butler, lose, we are ready to fight and sustain
ih* W. A Francis T. Nicholls, our legally elected
Governor under the constitution. Every
"ng, Texas, State eleete its own oflicers.
. e H8. Cl For argument sake) even if Hayges has
Sabine; 8- maqjority in Louislana, that is no rea
, eroP ue, sIon that Packa reoised the same vote.
It is well known that a geat mmy Re
publicas. white and black, voted a r (e
publicni ticket for Presideltt and Con
gressi'men''. and have vot'ed for Nicholls
and his State oflicers. That alone all- ('OIPILEt) A:
ewers tile graid hobby questioll.
It reqUires no new colnmissioln to in CHAS,
dofse our rights or to make a coprFor
raise. We are tired of the white or any [For
other compronmise. \ 'e se reThese igur
willilng to keelp what we have, and are Tyhes tigur
nustlV and legally entitled to, and don't ces ; bI. retail
waant to adoptt and legalize any mnoie I ol be paid.
itical hastard habies ; we have adlplte
one for peace sake, and before we adopt We find no
another, we will tight andll protect ou0t tlie fimner
secrets honor and Ipt our life atRd lprop
erty at stake all l'rancis T. Niehllolls at crop pIreltºarl!
our thlg staff. sale of gol
S ,e are .teln times Ilotre provoked to- fared all aul,
it day than we were in 181il and have less i:rom con
to lose. * chats, the
RED RIVER. that busitles
CotUSll.rTTA, April 2, 1877. although the
CODea VArdi18iciertainty
Dear findicator: The Bart A
Y ehlada Irousing lass nIeeting here with ; goo(
last Salitrday anditi resolved with a vill Ciapt AIndy
to stand by our elected Gloerllnor to the will comie il
last itian. It is tllie we alre a little be
hind other parisehes -tR Re iver tlhugh CO
slow is dead sure. IBen Wolfson, ole ef
ficieit young appointee, will talk charge Receive
of the tax collector's otffice at once lland Recive
the cry will then be, "step up to the ,,
Captain's office" and show what governor
yoe are stnpportinlig'
- Platnting is pºrogresinC finelyt and only td
1. ee and quiet is i ed to make us Oold
lo I rsperosl andl our State what it once Silver
l was and what Nature made it, the garden Parisi
1 of America. Nicholls can do this for us,
Packard never anlid the citizen wholo lves
bhis people, his country asld his God, will City
field to Packardl only with his life.
Id Messrs. Seheen & Lisso are opening their C E
of large stock of goods alid te w:nts of the CiE
country will now be fully supplied. 'rlhe
fan rhudicator continues to grow ill popular- liranIdy C
itys and well does it deserve it. RVinegar -
Yours, Good
Fo * Fair
ru EN Soap--5
i VERNON. Salt
ie. Dar inadicator: Starch-4
by Nothing new of startlin importance. Cadlies
Health of conntry vetry goom indeed. Whiskey
et Farmers going ahead briskly planting Coftee-
he corn and cotton ; and the people are at
m peace and in good spirits. FLocU-
S Freedmen behaving finely and work
th, ing well, and, po'itics not disturbing Cornmes
their little brain muce; weather beau- Grits-4
" tiful as one could desire. GRAI
3per c. B.
ure, Oats-45
SUMac ARY Bran-$
S TEIEGRAPHIC SaWnRYº Wheat
It is
Washington, D. C. April 3.-At a BACON
Cabinet meeting to-day tihe Secretary
two, of War was directed to prepare an
tl- order transfering the troops from the Lard
deal State House in Columbia, South Car- Lress P
ly so, olina, to their camps. In reference HIts
leath to the withdrawal of the troops from B. Bac
fath South Carolina, it can be authorita" Pi
ction Pig par
net- tively stated that President Hayes is
e in- dec dpiy Fi
in- decidedly opposed to having garri- alogu
dead sons of Federal troops in the State Beef
r il Houses of State. He holds that th Oranio
and troops may be stationed in the vicinity Cabla,
more of any place where a difficulty is like- ApIl
and he ly to occur, and in case of violence or Herria
ef, e not, they may be called upon to pre. Codtish
thr serve the peace. The former he re- Sour I
u- gards as purely political, and without Coal C
othing warrant of Constitutional provision,
into while the latter is a legal governmen- Sugar
there, *tr- a ha  a4 .Pwropriatoly
exercised in South Carolina as in any
Sother State where garrisone are now Molas
stion stationed.
Minden, March 24.--F. E. Heath,
87 of Webster, returned by the Board,
ePr- but was not elected, and heretofore Cypr
ma? in Packard's rump. was acnecorded the 'ine
fy R e door of the legal legislature1 and Nli
brbe spoke as follows: Wag
ee s'Recognizing the fact that the gov
at the ernment now established by Govern- Cott
or Niclholls, is tile only government Hid
imatan- in this State that can give permanent uEn
ake a peace and prosperity to our troubled v
people, I feel it my duty to aid as Pec
A B. much as possible in bringing about Eg
e harmony and good feeling in the
State. I now tender my resignation Pot
l gean of all clasims I may have on the Gene
rdchild ral Assembly. Pot
In order that my appearance here
al 'e may not be misunderstood, I desire
d the to ammonee now, as in the past my Pot
a stritfidellt to the great princeiples of the
Republican party. e
es after Two Returninog Board Members of D
be ulthe Packard House, Fred. Fobb, of
ildren. Assension, and A. Borden, of Bos
tdf sier parishes, were sworn in as mem- Pr
, by at hers and took their seats in the Br
hi s ot- Nicholls House, which Dow has 58
legalized Returning Board members.
law and Another was sworn La last night.
I his fath ENGLISH. 8
bastard M
h i re The streets need working very bad
ly -o this, ly-cannot the taxpayers come for- p
ward and aiy up enough money to S
e ib is the city Treasury to repair the streetsT
at la . Our effieeat town Marshal, Mr.
aLittle, tells as that business in his
udtlaenet line is very doll. The law-breakers
are provokingly scarce. B
and West p
nd were Col. Levy and Gfen, Gibson, will be E
e of arms. - E
ry affairs, in New Orlears, on hand to assist p
Setc.. etc., Hayes' pop-gun Commission to "pac
The North ify" Packard. This is a kind of P.
il war. P. eoncet n.
s not said .-I
le uht he The average Badical looks blue
inn," but when he understands the "Commis- 1
en thrown sion" does not come to take evidence.
> political Oh ! shades of Eliza Pinckston, what
reperhaps;i a fall is tis.
Died. C,
GAIENNIE - At his residence, near W
Campte, in this parish, munday, April 1, Cl
1877, VALERY G.AIE.I , aged 60 years.
Louisville Courier-Journal, St. Louis
Thnes and N. 0. )Deocrat please copy.
SPEICIL BUSINESS MNATION.
A Cuu FORo CUNsUMrnolO, bronchitis, astha
ma, catarrh, throat and lung diseases. Also a
sure relief and permanent ctre for general
debility, dyspepes and all nervous affections,
by a smple vegetable medecine, which cured a
venerkble midsonary Ph1ystcian who was loog a
resident of Syria and the East, and who has
freely given btis valuable specific to thousandsl
of kindred sfferera with the greatest possible
benefits, and he now feels it his sacred christian t'
duty to impart to others this wouderful Inv ig.
orotlug remedy, and will send FREE the orig
ginai recipe complete, with full directions, to
any erson encl.osi stamp for reply, Address
DR.LARK A. ROBBIL$, Greely Blo k, Sy
reuseo, p. Y. (P. O. Box 76.) f
COMPILEDI) AND C'OIIl' I.rEI) \"EEKIYo j
CHAS, L'IIE iSSO) ,
[For the VINDICsuA.roR.
i -
Thefse figure" re I~rn'me t round lot pri.
See; L, retnil, Iigb er' ltlus will have to tal
be paid.
,'e fint|d niothlig dingl in our storeg,
the former is too bunily rtnraged with er
tr c prepliarlliosi to tl ed tho iII ul lie cheap FY
sale of goilod, t hich are ll 1'e 1leing of.
I fered all aloing the line.
i.rolii conlivrsaltions \witlh our ma,: dl
chaIIts. they scetn in diolIt as to when at
that lhusintess revival will take placer
although they srelll to look for it with
certainty
The Bart. Able was lII) on tinite s usual qi
e with It good friiglt. Oit trip, light. C1
I Capt. Andy svwain writes us that he
It' will colie iu shorily with ai boat to stay, al
1i COTTON RI:CEIPITS.
Received Previously 5S17 baleg.
id Received this week 16 "
lre "'otal 51.13 bales. '1
1l FINANCIAh.
Its Oold- $l05' 105 t
ce Silver
nii Parish Warrants C
is, 014--e30: T
es ie w-50c..
ll City Warrants-75I 80,
'e-. GROCERIES.
ihe CIiEESF-New York cream 18~18;
'e Choice Western 16 16e:.
hr- Brandy Cherries-S$ 75 per doz.
Vinegar- 21@3!0c per gallon.
RICE,-Prinie (ijc lb.
Good 6c.
Fair 5}c.
Soip-_i@.iici per lb.
Salt--S1 25 per sack.
Starch - 44',5c.
ice. Candles--15 16t
Whiskey-I1 20'1$3 50 hP' gillon.'
ing Coftee--19,22c per lb.
at BREAD STUFFS.
FLOU'R-- Bbls $4 40&@4 60
Barrells $7 253~ 00. ,
ing Cornmeal--3 50 per bbl.
,an- Grits--4 75 per bbl
GRAIN AND FEED STUFFS.'
Oats-49850c per bushel.
Bran-$l1 1l 10 per 100 lbs.
Wheat-White Western $1 30 per bu'
PROVISIONS.
At a BAco--Shoulders 7J@ c.
tary Clear Rib Sides 101,11.
Dry Salt Shoulders 70@R71
ian Dry Clear Rib 10@ c.
the Clear Sides $10@11V .
Lard-Tierce l2al13c.
Mess Pork-$l7 75',$18 per bbl
lce II.Als--Chioice 13}@
from Ordinary 12½@
B. Bacon-12. 13.
ita' Pig Pork-Half bbles. 510 50@
es is Pig Tongues-71c a piece.
SPigs Feet-keg $1 25'al 50.
IBalogna Saunsage-10'@l2c per lb.
State Beef-Ftllton, $11 50 per bbl. .
t t Oranges--S5 5016 00 per bbl.
Onions-Western, $5 00W)$7
inity Cabbages-None in the market.
like- Apples--3 25a --- :2
ie or Potatoes-3 503 754 00 ~ bbl.
Herriuge--50f65c º, box.
Spre. Codtish-74C by 100 pounds.
Ie re- Coconuts-S5 per hundred.
Sour Krout -$J9 12 per bbl.
ithout Coal Oil--37@30c ' gallen. ,
ision, SUGAR AND MOLASSES.
amen- Sugar-Common 7}@ <
Good Wm!on 8@8*
I an 1 Choice lft@10c.
e n ow Molasses..-- Commuon, 35e gallon.
Fair 40c.
- Prime 45c.
Ieath, Choice 55c.
Board, LUMBER.
tofore Cypress lumber--$13 per thousand &ek
ld te Pine lumber-S44 per thousand feet.
e Cypress Shingles-$4 00 per thouneali
Wagons -$65@75.
e go.- COUNTRY PRODUCE.
oer Cotton-..
Wool-Louisiana, clean 2021e
roment Hides--8l1Oc.
Fnaent Fnrs--Otter $1 50@2 50 each.
bled Hay-$1(iil@18 per ton.
Corn- 60'90O per bushel.
Said as Pecans--7 00@~' 50 per bbl.
g aabout Eggs-15@2c per doz.
Butter-Goehenl, 35e per lb.
In the Choice Western 29@30. !
ignnation Potatoes- Sweot, 75c@$1 per bdit'
Tallow -70--e per pound.
SGene- eswax---25328c fi. _bl
PoULTiuv--Chick h i 2 50@$4 i I
ce here Turkeys $9@$18 { dos.
eesire Gese 5 per dos.
I desire Ducks $3 per dos.
past my Pork-10c per lb. U
Beef-S5Sc per lb.
Mutton-l10c per lb.
Venison--2 per saddle.
bers of Dried Fruit-Apples 103.
Beans, Northern--T'71c.c
Fobb, of Cranberries-Keg $3 25.
of Bos- DRY GOODS.
1o mem- Prints--7100C.
Sin the Brown Cotton-6l10C.
SLowells-l10@124c.
Brogane~-l 50Ol 7T per pair.
niglt. CAN GOODS.
LI SaH. Salmon--$3 00 y dos.
Mackerel-S2 75 doz.
e y bad- Lobsters-52 Oi doz.
Spiced Meat- 50 0 doz.
ome for- Pige eet.-$3 25 ~ dos.
o oeyto toardinees-., bo'es 6 bo x.
te Oyrster--95cs~s 00' dos.
Eagle Milk--! 95 $t doz.
SYeast Powdere-li;0@28 % groe .
bal , Mr. Peaches.--2 50 dos
sPine Apples--2 25@2 50 do. .
-breakers CASE GQODS.
Brandy Peachee--4 75 E d-.
Pepper Iauce--1 75@1 85 g dos.
1, 1 wl b Hostetter Bitters- $9 00@9 50 ' l
, w e Drake Bitters-S3 50@3 75 ( dos.
to assist Plantation Bitters-8 25@8 50 li
n to "pac- LIQUORS.
kind of P. New York Brandy-P1 33s1 s6.
Gin--l 32'@1 60.
Imported Cognac-$1 65@2 00.
ok k blue Ginger Brandy--S1 652 25.
Cherry Brandy --$1 902 75.
"Comm ois- Blackberry Brandy-41 6012 25
ice. Imported-Holland Gin- $3 9094,
e namaca Rum-S5 00i.7r
; ton, what Trish Whiakey-SS-'
Scotch whiskiey- )l00
- WINESi
Claret,- $4 8 0)0.
lenee, near White wine-5 ii50@10 00.
y, Apri r 1, Champagne -
0 60 years. Krug & Co., (qurts) $25 gO
St. Louis Veuve Cliquot Ponsardi-S"
ee cop oy Piper Heideieks-$25 00.
....e ALE AND PORTEB. ~
TIO I, vDutjeansLagerbier-qts. $3 50t I|
Milwankie-qta. $2 75 pts. $1 it *
chl.tla. artha, Bass & Co.,--Al,epints $2 25
LOST OR ST LEN..
ONE LARGE bay mare, with .
brand on the left shoulder, ha.'d!!a
two hind feet white. Also, two }a,
bay mares, branded JD. Two b
branded A. C. and counter branded a
and many other oattle branded JID.
A suitable leward willbe pqid t
finder. L, L. LnPAV'LwIrx '