Ganeral News and Notes
Florida has been decided for
for Hayes by a vote in the Electo
ral Commission of eight to seven.
The Democrats were looking, as b
Diogenes, for an honest Republi ti
can-and they did not find him. pi
Count one State successfully sto- o0
len. "
Mat Wells and Keno Anderson 11
had a hard time of it before the y
Congressional Comliittee. They tl
deny every and all things charged g
against them in the sworn testi
maony of their ow'n clerks.
Maddox, the terrible witness a
in the Louisiana case, haus been ,
removed by the President from b
the position of agent of the Reve- 1)
nue service.
The troops- stationed near
Washington have been removed s
by the President.
Mexico is still in the throes of
a mighty revolution. Diaz is en
gaged in reorganizing his army,
but counter revolutions break out
daily. Each State has her hero
and to him she sticks.
The ice after closing the river
at St. Louis for 56 days, burst its
bonds on 2d February. No dam
age was done to crafts or proper
ty along the shore this time.
Governor McCreery of Kentucky,
has recognized Governor Nicholls
by issuing a requisition upon him
for the return to Kentucky of
Maurice A. Schwab, arrested in
New Orleans,
Duluth, the city rendered im
mortal by Proctor Knott, is "bust
ed." Real estate went down like
a shot-houses that cost $3500
to erect are selling at $1000.
Who then', will mourn for DuluthI
The Rellublican papers and
people look upon Maddox and
Littlefield as the biggest liars in
the whole world, while Wells and
Kellogg, they think the embodi
ment of Truth and Virtue. The
Radicals are nice people.
On the subject of Gas-Logan,
of Illinois has been defeated.
Louisiana Legislators are heavy
on reforms! They cut down the
printers pay to a point he must
starve at, if he accepts-70 cents
and 20 cents for judicial printing
in country papers, but they cling
to that $10 per day pay of their
own like grim death. Beam and
mote.
It is claimed that the conclusion
reached by the Electoral Commis
sion in regard to Florida, is on
grounds fatal to the success of the
Republican party. Neither party
is happy over the little that has
transpired. The reasons given
for the decission are: 1st. The
Commission has no authority to
hear evidence outside of the :er
tificate of the Governor of tihe
tate of Florida, based upon the
etermination of the canvassers
ad as to its vote.
2d. They could not consider as
vidence any act of the legisla
or Court in determining whom
the State had appointed as elec
after the day the said elec
tors gave their votes.
3d. In regard to the ineligibility
of Humphreys, there was not suf
flcient proof that he held office on
the 7th November.
Louisiana has 539 miles railroad
all told-but did not build a mile
in 1876.
The next State election will be
that of New Hampshire.
Col. Levy says that the count.
iig of Louisiana for Hayes does
not necessarily decide that Pack
ard will be Governor. On the
contrary, Nicholls toill be sustained.
Nicholls' Legislature going on
smoothly passing reform meas
ures, and fixing up for a "grand
change" from the old Radical
rule.
Robert T. Linrola, son of the late
President Lincoln, has aclaim against
the defunct Washington CAronicle for
$7000.
Small Pox is raging fearfully in
London, and is on the increase.
Kossuth was tendered a seat in the
Haungarian Parliament, but refused
to return.
There has been no marked change
in the Eastern question during the
week. The embassadors of the pow
era have withdrawn from Constanti
nople, but nothing has transpired to
show that an immediate rnpture is
threatened diplomacy.
A New York irm advertises "a gen
tleman's watch for fifty cents." That's
awful dear. The gentlemen watchb
aruand here for nothing, and if she
don't come quo of theLchurch with the
: main trowd, they stick to it until the
ienses are empty and the sexton
blows out the ihts and locks the
"4eema--altoa Tmes.
The estimated crop of cotton P
produced in 1876, is 4,500,000
bales. The estimated demand for
that year 3,000,000 bales; sur
plus 1,500,000; result, fall in price
of A and the loss of what corn
2,000,000 acres could produce.
Moral, plant 4 less cotton this
year than last, and plant the land Ce
thus kept out of cotton in corn or ce
grasses. H
Cost of Cron Growing. th
The following, from New Jersey
falrners, is the cost of growing pt
corn. I'roduct per acre 3(:45 ha
bushels, returned al t 70 cents per "n
bushel, $25,51; value of corn o
stalks $t.55, making a total of R
$30,06 per acre. The expense a,
shows, plowing, furrowing, drop
ping and covering, cultivating,
hoeing, cutting, husking, and i)
drawing to crib, drawinig and
stacking stalks, shelling, winnow
ing, bagging corn and taking it h
to market, wear of implements I,
and tax on land, exhibiting an p
average of 39:95 cents per bushel,
r or $14,42 per acre, leaving a clear v
profit of $13,64 per acre.
Gang Plows. t
YWhy do not our farmers use
gang plows for breaking up lands
and cultivators ter cultivating on
our level bottoms; especially ,
should the gang plow be used.
Perhaps it looks more like play
than work, but a days job of this
play will break up thoroughly and
turn over five acres of laud eight
inches deep, with one man and
e four horses; that is to say, you do
d0 ouble the work of two men and
) four horses with one. This is a
I good way to settle the labor ques
f tion, and settle it fully.
di -
Hire for Wages-Don't Give a
Share in the Crop.
d As the time for making arrange
ments for the ensuing year is near at
e hand, we desire to enter our solemn
protest against the ruinous practice
heretofore adopted by many of our
farmers, of eropping on shares, or
renting lands, (to ignorant, unskilled,
Y lazy tenants) to be run down and at
e the end of the year returned, minus
it soil, tences, shanties or crops. Until
s our farms are guided, controlled and
g worked by the intelligence of the
g country, there can be no permanent
ir prosperity. With the large number
d of roaming laborers, that look out for
a day's rations, with no intention of
stopping longer than the cravings of
Stheir stomachs are satistied, the rule
of hiring by the day should be speedily
Sabolished. Perfect harmony, and a
n general concert of action should ex
eist among planters, and a systematic
plan of hiriing should not only be
adopted, but religiously adhered to,
as and carred out to the letter. Labor
should be hired by the month, or
year-a written contract entered into,
e the contract read to the employer and
to employee, by a disinterested party,
iu order that a fair, full and explicit
Sunderstanding may be had, and let
I each keep a copy of the contract, or
leave it in the hands of the third par
ty, and if the contract is canried out,
Slet the laborerbe paid infull in cash,
and wihhoutdelay.
Don't deceive him or disap
s point him. "The laborer is worthy
a- ot his hire." You have received his
sm ervices for the month, and it is
neither right, honest or creditable, to
.- take 3, 6 or 12 months to pay him in.
c- When he learns that he does not his
pay regularly, he becomes Indifferent,
and he loses what little interest ihe
ty may have had in his work, and with
f. this feeling of indifference comes
laziness, and laziness is followed by
Simpudence, and with impudence
comes (certain in nine cases out of
ten) a knockdown7 a general tight,
ad and a lawyer's fee. Now all these
le unpleasant occurances can be avoided,
by the observance of two important
points, first, a perfect understanding,
be and second, prompt payment accord
ing to contract. We have heard some
farmers (good men, too? say, "If I
pay up now, the hands will leave
me." Let them leave. Never keep
es a hand a moment after he becomes
k. dissatisfied. It is a gross injustice to
yourself, and does him no good, but
ie ' you pay promptly, there will be
d. little or no trouble about keeping
hands. When payments are deferred,
oi it surely and speedily leads to dis.
g. honesty. With his money in his
pocket, he is happy and contented,
ad nd his greatest pleasure is to spend
al it for tobacco, whiskey, etc.--they
are highly essential to perfect happi
ness. Delay paying him promptly,
te and very soon corn is missed from
at the crib, vegetables from tile garden,
fruit fromn tile orchard, and the hlien
or roost is robbed, certain. Don't wait
to be asked for pay-have it ready
i when his time is up and pay him.
in They are all susceptible of flattery,
and if hlie lhas been diligent, a word
be of praise costs nothing, and is of in
calculable benefit. If hle is worthless,
pay him up, and in a very quiet man
ner digcharge him. But above all,
hire for wages, and don't take any in
ge on tkhe shares, unless you know (and
he who knows ?), who you are dealing
w- with.-Falmere Journal.
to Graham Bread.
isWhen baking white bread I use one
coffee cupful of the bread sponge,
then take half coffee cup of molasses,
n. 11 it up with boiling water, add half
( teaspoon soda, and stir till it foams;
ch add this to the sponge, and stir in
he Graham flour to make rather a stiff
he batter. Let it rise in a buttered ba
e sin or deep cake tin. When light,
o bake in a oven about right for white
he bread. It is done when it will not
stick to a straw.
TIE I LJ 31 J I . 1
MONTGOMERY BLAIR, Editor.
Published Every Morning (Sun
days excepted) at
927 D STREET N W.,
Washington, D. C.,
BY HENRY POLKINIION.
Address, Box 484, City P. O.
Tihe UNION is served by carriers to
subscribers at 15 cents per week, or 50
cents per month. Single copies, three
cents. By mail, (postage prepaid,) 60
cents per month, or $7.00 per year. All
subscriptions imuist lie paid invariably in
advance.
The UNION will be sent to clubs at
the rate of ,$6 per year, (postage prepaid.)
Rates of advertising furnished on ap
plication.
Newsdealers ordering Trm UIvtox will
le suppllie' at the usual rates. The
money must invariably accompany the
order.
All bank cheeks must ie stamped.
Post office orders are preferable.
All business colonun icat ions must be
addressed to the "l'ublisher of the Union."
The Union is conducted on entirely
cash plrinciples.
The I'inion is the only Democratic dai
ly published at the seat of Gvcernmuent.
It is dedicated to the dis)passionate dis
I cossion of the events and issues of the
hour. In the language of the initial
editorial, "the immediate object sought
t in the establishment of this lIpaper is to aid
in preventing the nation fronm being sub
je:ted to the ills which must result from
,placing its Chief Magistracy in abeyance,
and fru'strating the great reforms of ad
)ministration and finance decreed by the
r vote of Novewmber, and we hope so to
conduct the paper as to demonstr:at its
utility to the country at large, and to
scure such sllppot from the p'eop'le as
to assure its success and pma'lllneny."
PRIME ENJOYMENT FOR A YEAR.
I Less tlan four Cents a Weel.
MAKE IIOME ATTRACTIVE BY INTRO
I)UCING
Ti SiTUS UY EVUil POST.
t Which for more than 53 years has been
the best
d STORY, SKETCH & FAMILY PAPER
o as is well known all over the United
States. It is published weekly, contains
eight large pages, clearly printed on good
a 1aper, tilled with the choicest stories and
sketches by the best writers; no sen
sational trash, but such as a mother is
willing to have her children read. The
whole tone of the paper is pure and el
evating.
a It also contains Historical and Biogra
phical articles; Scientific; Agricultural
and H usehold Departuments; Fashion
Article weekly, fresh and excelled ; Hn
it morons Notes ; Literary Reviews; News
Notes ; Boy's and Girls' Columus
and Sparkling Editorial, etc., etc.
e just such a a paper as everybody loves to
ir read, and the price is only
TWO DOLLARS A YEAR.
it Sample copy containining clubs rates, etc.
8sent on receipt of a 3-cent stamp. Address
ii NO. 650 BENNETT & FICTtI,
d 7G Sansomi Street, Philadelphia, Pa.
N. B.-Be sure and affix the number
650 before BENNETT & FITCII, 80 that we
3r may know through what paper the sub
. ecription comes.
' FARMERS AND PLANTERS
IY SUBSCRIBE FOR
Ol HOME JOlRlAL ill
SRURAL SOUTHLA D
SFOR THE YEAR 1877.
r It is the Leading and Oldest Week
o, ly Agricultural paper in the South;
d contains everything of value suitable M
to Southern Agriculture, such as the
Sculture of Cotton, Sugar, Rice, Tobac
it co. Corn, Wheat, Rye, Oats, Peas. the
et Grasses, Silk, Ramuie, Moss, Potatoes,
DI Turnips, Cabbage, etc., etc.; the rais
r ing of all kinds of Stock for the South;
t, the culture of all kinds of Fruits, such
as Peaches, Pears, Apples, Oranges,)V
Figs. Lemons, Pineapples, Japan
Plums, Grapes, Pomegranates, etc., l
It coutains a choice department for the
'Y Family Circle; gives all the News in a
i1 condensed form; gives also the latest
is New Orleans Market Reports; and M
to contains many Valuable Receipes for
n. use on the Farm and Plantation, as,
miswell as many Useful Facts for the
t, Family, the K;tchen, or the Sick Room.
S The paper is printed from clear, new
type, and contains sixteen pages of
bvaluable matter every week. The 13th
es volume commenees January, 1377.
y 'he Subscripltion price is $2.50 per
ce ear, post-paid, $1.50 for 6 months, or
of 25 cents for one month, in advance,
it, Address
so Our Home Journal and Rural South
d, land, NEW ORLEA'S.
STHE SUN,
I 1877 NEW YORK. 1877
ep The different editions of THE SUN during
0s the next year willbe the same as during the
to yer that hasjust plassed. The daily addition
will on week days be a sheet of four pages, or
t56i broad columns; while the weekly edition
be will be a sheet of eight pages ef the sname dimen
iog s aunid character that are alreadly familiar to
Ig our friends.
d, THE SUN will continue to be the strenuous
a. advocate of reform and retrenchment, and of
the substitution of statesmanship, wisdom, and
integrity for hollow pretence. imbecility, and
i, fraud inthe administration of public affainrs. It
ad will contend for thie government of the people
by the people andl for tihe people, as opposed to
ey government by firauds in the ballot box anrd in
pj. the counting of votes, enforced by mnilitary
violence. I will endeavor to supply its read
ers--a body now not far ftrom a million of souls
Im -with the most careful, complete, and trust.
worthy accounts of current events, and will
I, employ for this purpose a numerous and care
en fully selected staff of reporters and correspon
Sdents. Its reports from Washington, especial
ly, will be fill, acuonrate, andI fearless; and it
iY will doubtless continue to deserve and enjoy
i. the hatred of those who thrive by plundering
the Treasunry or by nusurping what the law does
Snot give them, while it will endeavor to merit
rd the confidence of the public by defjnding the
m- rights of the people against the encroachments
of nujnstified power.
8, The price of the daily SUN will be 55 cents
n- amonthor $6 50 a year, post paid, or with
, the Sunday edition $* te a year.
S The SUNDAY edition alone, eight pages
t $ So year, post paid.
S The Weekly SuN, eight pages of 56 broad col.
umns, will oe furnishel daring 18577at the rate
mg of i a year. poet paid.
The benefit of this large reduction from the
previousn rate for she Weekly can be enjoyed by
individual subescribers without the necessity of
making up clubs. At the same time, if any of
our friends choose to aid in extending our cir
calation, we shall be grateful to them, and every
Do such person who sends us ten or more subseri
bera from one plahee will be entitled to one copy
Sof the paper for himself without charge. At
, one dorlla a r, potage paid, the expenses of
l(ppr and p antlp are oely repaid; and, con
sidering the size of the sheeand the qualty of
. its constents, we are confident the people will
in cosider the Weekly SU the obeapest newspa
i per published in the world, and we trmat also
one of the very best.
A, ddrea, THIE SUN, New York City, N. Y.
ot IT Get your printing done at
the Vrwm ATo'r Job Oilce.
S11llI
Our Fri ends
gri
Should subscribe at once, and "
get up Clubs for the
PFOrLE'S VINDICATOR W
to
ti(
t])
FOR 1877.
ty
gi
----oo--
Our inducement to Clubs are lib
eral. si
Ti
- 00-----
LOOK HERE!v
WR e will let each of our old Subscribers who pro
d cures us one new Cash subscriber at our usual rates,
have the VINDICATOR one year for Two DOLLARS. That
is, both subscribers can get the paper for FouR DOL
LARS AND FIFTY CENTS.
4ie
Club Rates.
Single copies......................... $2 50 a
Ten copies to one address............... 22 50 1
Twenty copies to one address............ 40 00 c
A copy of either, the
People's Vindicator,
Saturday Evening Post,
New York Weekly Sun, 1
N. O. Weekly Democrat,
Leisure Hours,
Furnished extra and free of charge, to each getter up
of a club of ten subscribers.
CASH must accompany every order.
HRemit by Draft, Postoflice Order or Registered Letter.
JOB WORK.
Our Office is supplied with a splendid assortment of
Job Type and Liberty Job Presses,
Sand we are determined to do as good work as New
Orleans, and as cheap.
BLANKS,
POSTERS,
CIRCULARS,
BILL HEADS,
LETTER HEADS,
SBRIEFS,
PROGRAMMES,
a BUSINESS CARDS,
.and all kinds of work executed with neatness and
Sdispatch.
S Address,
3 . . COSGROVE,
EDITOR AND PUBLISHER,
tPOPLEs VINDICATOR, Nacbitoches, La., P O. Box, 120
OUR COUNTRY ! '
WHAT WILL
Become of It ? C
TI
Is tlejiquestcion now agitating the public C,
mind. II
The grave issues before Congress; the
final settlentent of the late Presidential ti
election ; the ilncoming Congress; the
new Presldent ; the 'Policy of the next ti
Administration; and fuiture welfare of
the country and people, are matters of t1
great interest to each and every individu- 11
al. Snch a crisis has not been presented n
since the D])eclaration of Independence,
A Truthful History of events, and do
ings of Congress will be given with im
partiality and fairness in the
CINCINNATI ENQUIRER, (o
a public spirited paper echoing the wish ti
es to the pelople, advocating submission 7141
to the Lawvs, good Government. and the 10
Rights of tihe people to l' heard upon all
mnltrters that pertain to the eonlltry's C
welfare.
The Tricky Politicians, nlways ready 2H
to organize trouble, but who ,ever par- i
ticipate in danger, will be shown up in M
their true characters. By subseribing be
for the Enquirer, you will get a faithful se
record of events as they transpire, with
out Party Coloring and unbiased by par- er
ty feelings. as the true merit in a news- ei
paper is its ability and willingness to to
give the
NEWS AS IT COMES
andti not as it is p1repared by party dema -
gogues to mislead the people. Specimen
copies free.
Terms of Subscription.
FOR WEEKLY.
Single Copy, one year............... 2 00 ps
Five Collies " .$1 75 each ...... 8 75 In
Ten " " .. 1 00 " ..... 1 00 t.
Twenty " ' .. 1 50 "1 .....30 00 i
FOR I)AILEY.
Without Sunday Issue. With Sunday hae. tl
By Mail, one year..$1] (til By Mail. I vear.S14 00 o0
Six Months........ 6 on Six Months..... 7 00
Three Months..... 35 'I Three Months .. 3 50
One Month......... I 5t One Month..... I 50
Most liberal terms to club agents. Send f
I for specimenl copies and agents' outlit. R
Agents wanted at every post-office. ai
Address all letters to
FARAN & McLEAN, PuBLISIERS, as
Cincinnati, Ohio.
t ti
GOD
BLESS
OUR HOMES is the name of the most t
elegant French Oil Motto Chromo ever
issued. The motto is surrounded by one oi
of the most exquiste and richly-colored L
wreaths of beautiful flowers on dark
background, and is perfect in all its tie- n
tails. It is 11 x 15. We send this motto "
chromo and the BOSTON WEEKLY
GLOBE, alarge eight page family, story p
) and news paper, with agricultural. chess,
puzzle, houseioltl, and all popular de
partments, 3 months, for only 60 cents. a
0 Chromo and paper, 6 monts for $1. A s
beautiful gift. Agents wanted, t
Address, t
WEEKLY CLOBE,
238 Washington street, a
]B OSTOS, M. S8.
THE BEST PAPER. TRY IT.
POSTAGE FREE.
Beautifully Illustrated.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN now in
its 30th year, enjoys the widest circula
tion of any weekly newspaper of the kind 1
in the world. A new volume commences
SJanuary 4,1875.
Its contente embrace the latest and most
interesting information pertaining to the
Industrial, Mechanical, and Scientific Pro.
gress of the World; Descriptions, with
Beautiful Engravings, of New Inventions,
New Processes, andti Improved Industries
of all kinds; Useful Notes, Recipes, Sug
Sgestions and Advice, by Practical Writers,
for Workmen and Employers. in all the
various arts.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN is the
cheapest and best illustrated weekly pa
per published. Every number contains
from 10 to 15 original engravings of new
machinery and novel inventions.
ENGRAVINGS, illustrating Improve
nmeits, Discoveries, and Important Works,
pertaining to Civil and Mechanical Engi- 1
neering, Milling, Mining and Metallurgy;
Records of the latest progress in thile Ap
plications of Steam, Steam Engineering,
Railways, Ship-Building, Navigation.
Telegraphy, Telegraph Engineering, Elec
f tricity, Magnetism, Light and Heat.
FARMERS, Mechanics, Engineers,
Inventors, Mamnfacturers, Chemists, Lov
ers of Science, Teachers, Clergymen, Law
yers, and People of all Professions, will
find the SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN useful to
them. It should have a place in every
' Family, Library, Study, oflice, and Coint
ing Room; in every Reading Room,
College, Academy or School.
A year's numbers contain 832 pages and
SEVERAL HUNDRED ENGRAVINGS. Thou
sands of volumes are perserved foIr bind
ing andt reference. The practical receipts
are well worth ten times the subscription
price. Terms $3 20 a year by mail, in
cluding postage. Dieonnt to Clubs apo
cimene sent free. May be had of all News
Dealers.
PATENTS. In connection with
S Sthe 8CENTI FIC
AMEIIICAN, Messrs. MUNN & CO. are
Solictors of American and Foreign Patents,
and have thelargest estblishmnent in the
world More than fifty thousand applica
tions have been made for patents through
their agency.
Patents are obtained on the best ternms
Models of New inventions and sketches
examnined and advice free. A special
notice is made in the Scientiftle American
of all Inventions Patented through this
Agency, with the name and resident of
the Patentee. Patents are often sold in
part or whole, to persons attracted to the
invention by snuch notice. Send for
Pamphlet, 110 pages, laws and full di
rections for obtaining Patents.
Address for the Paper, or concerning
d Patents, MUeN & Co., 37 Park Row
N.Y. Brach Office, cor. Fand 7thl Sts.
Washinton, D C.
Jany 11875.--1v
ALL PAPERS QUOTE FROM IT!
THE
Detroit Free Press.
The liveliest of family newspapers, full
of interesting news, literature, humorous
sketches, spicy parazraph, etc. Sample
Copies free. Subscription $2 00 a year,
post-paid. Address
DETROIT FREE PRESS.
Detroit, Mich.
'77 THEPEOPLE'S PAPER'77
TIE LOUISVILLE WEEKLY
Courier- Journal
The Great National Family Newspaptr,
Combines the experience, ability and
material resources of three old-tilme Lou.
isville newspapers of untional repute
the Louisvill, (',,urier, lo, isviil . J.our.
nal and Louisville l)enmerat-andl is for.
tii,'dtl it, tlhe r 'spect and ct'nllfi(llnen: r(.
sulting friot ntearly half a century of
their individual and combined success.
The Weekl y Courier-Journal is not a
miere hasty hote.h-potch thrown from the
Slail edition, bit a comlplete, able, spicy
tiedly newspalpr, carefully and intelli
gently edited in every column and lpara.
graph.
Chi'e from 225 standard books, or any
oine of the leading nmagazines or illustra
titl liriodictals for a mere pittance in
t addition to the prite of'the Courier-Jour
,til ,alone.
1I' l:NTICE'S POEMS and the Weekly
Courier Journ'al one year ior $3 I10.
A splendid Map of the South, size
28Lx32 inches, bandsome.y colored, var
Snislhed and hung on rolers, retail price
$2.00, will be presented to each subscri.
ber to the Weekly Courier-Journal who
I sends us $2.00.
Terms, $2.09 a year, postage paid. Lib
eral offers to clubs of five or more. Spe:
cimen copy and descriptive circular free
to any address.
Address W. N. HALDEMAN,
Pres. Courier-Journal Co., Louisville, Ky
'rItEj W)ýRLID
FOR 1877.
The 'ew York World for 1877 Daily,
Sent-Weekly and Weekly, will be found
to be the cheapest and best newspaper
0 pubnhlished in the United States. It will
5 he printed in an improved form with new
0 type upon the best paper, and no expense
0 or labor will be spared to maintain it in
every department at the highest possible
standard, and to commend it in all res-.,
peets to the confidence and approval of
e. the best classes in the community with.
o out regard to political opinions or relig.
IO ions differences.
It will lay before its readers:
'TriE NEWS oF TE DAY of all kinds and
d fromt all quarteres, by mail and by tele
graph. carefully condensed and lucidly
arranged, special attention being given to
all Commercial, Legal, Financial. Social,
andl Political Transactions in the City of
New York and the United States.
F'u. Re.ouRT: , Reciting and Illustra
ting all Congressional and Legislative
proceedings at Washington and Albany;
all Meetings of importance, Religious,
Literary, Educational. Scientific and Pol
itical ; all Social Events, gay and grave,
and Personal Information of interest to
the public.
C RIIIESPONDENCE, expressly prepared.
for this journal by a permanent staff of
t accomplished resident writers at all cen
tres of interest throughout the world.
r LIT:nItAY NEW and REVIEWS, by which
e our readers will be kept advised of every
d thing worthy of attention in the current
Literature of Europe antl America.
k Criticisms of all notable works and
- notices of all notable events in conuction
with Music, the Drama, Painting, Sculp
ture and all other branches of Art.
SElitoral Articles upon every sublject of
ypresent interest or importance.
s For thi principles by which The World
' will le governed in its discussion and
treatment of the public questions, it will
. sufltice to say that The World, while con
A servative in politics, desires the conseva
tion only of what is good and wise in our
public institions and no limitations upon
the right of private judgment and the
aspirations of Reform, save those which'
are inposed by prudence. deoorum, and'
a rational respect for vested rights and
for thle honest opinions of all classes and
sects of men. While it has labored for
- the priunciples and hails the tritunph of
the leinocratic party as aftording iusa
I 'pra:ctica;l promise of Reftorm in our public
adniinitstrations, city, state anld national,
it will not be blindly devoted to the ad
vancelmeillt of any party or any clique:
It will freely canvan s tile public conduct,
while it will treat with respect the pri
vate rights, of Public Men, and it will ex
n amine fearlessy into the workings of our
a national, state and municipal govern
(1 ments.
es It will inculcate a steadfastreliance
upon the original principles of our poli
t tical system as the only sound basis of all
he needed inmporvement therein; an unfalt
'o ering devotion to the Constitution and
tl the Union, a scrupulous tidelity to the
S, pirit as well as the letter of our laws,
es ald a sleepless vigilance in maintaining
g all the great safegurads of Civil and
Religious Liberty. It will seek to mite
he igate and not to aggravate the evils in
separable from Party Government in a
he Free Country; to promote good and not
a ill feeling among our fellow-citzens of all
Ds creeds and colors, all sections and all
w sects; and to advance both by its preo
cepts and by its example the reign of
1e- Reason and of Law over prejudice and
i passion in all our public action and in
i- the discussion of all public  .air.
y; It will do justice always. to the best of
p- its ability to all men and to all classes of
ig, men ; it will recognize no enemies but the
n. enemies of good morals, public order and
ec- the law; it will endeavor, in a word, to'
make its columns a terror to evil-doers
re, and a praise to them that do well.
v- Nor will it lose sight meanwhile of the
w- great and legitimate demand of the
ill reading public for entertainmuent. The
to WORLD will keep its readers informed
iry of all that is amusing as well as of all
at- that is momentous in the movements of
m, society and will spare neither trouble
nor expense to provide them with a v
id ried animated and accurate picture of the
n- times in which we live.
pta TERMS-POSTAGE PREPAID.
ion Daily and Sundays, one year, $9.50;
in- six months, $5; three months, $2.50.
p.- Daily withont 8undays. one year
we six months, $4.25; three months, p.D
less than three months. $1 a month.
ith The Semi-Weekly World (Tuesdas
oc and Fridays)-Two Dollars a year. To
ire Club Agents--An extra copy for club of
itsten ; the Daily for club of twenty-five.
S Thile Weekly World (Wednesdays)- One
c Dollar a year. To Club Agents---An elf
gh tra copy for club often; the Semi-Week'
ly for club of twenty; the Daily for ldab
,s of fifty.
ies Specimen number sent on application'
S Terms---Cash, invariably in advance.
an All communications should be addres"
his ed to THE WORLD,
of Corner Park Row and Beekman StreetO
in New York.
Si- SI IM n 14
o Patent Metal Lined.
t. ' These Pomp are n
excelled in anish o"
wormanship, andth*
ojeotions to the oom~
mon Wood Pump
cased by the gradual
wearing of theborei
Sin this pump obviated
bya metailio spripr
full d aPale
8 Eemple, Birge & Co.,
EANUPTUS op AGRoCULTUL INo
MtNTSABND BPECIALTI5B INH ABDWAI,
3S sath Mainm Street, S. Louti, leR
i. 1bse rstate what pwer wo1rrU tlA