UFFCOIAL
(Nftprelbib hai Ciijýt~fla1thlt
- SU Am
au. uOll.IT I, . Idn *rw.
ýT, - - AjUOiS 14, 1980.
* uggiL NUJHeL
r ad smt.r tbis date, Mr. JAMES
t. ~~AS maomei the Basin maen.
f dthe PsortsL's VswDICATOR.
wll b , ds hio , ant d=es past sad
ggM'g yabf to der
Ja 19. 189. 0.
10 PIIUIDINT,
. W. 8. HANCOCK,
If peaamyUrmUs
10 YIOl.NsJxT.
WE 8. ENGiLISH,
.atr Vladi~saDES
A WII J ew rlee orehates. 01
id. ee hi.e ak an pemen cl
eoW el puper to evel New
Odwpt eresatile houes that we si
Sa den the urade of the Ied II
r pabeW th aS viewn to seoIU'
. rslr .derlesea t, as they b
ai +S so better Vehltle of pre- a
einbi their oWlam.
aue ertio at the head o this a
emola rnagp to agb olationrcan
be wgSmt to e etfaertoa of all. to
A tai  g dowa of a lawyer's II
oa rPleldh's "abled le rtom his l
g6. r le ladieative of bbhi retire- t
west flom practiee or removal, so is I
gi flas of a merhaat toadver- t
ls pls ftads evideiee that he I
dies .w*at patrrMe. A word tol
SWge ouM to be mfelaot.
11 at the ead of our # ol
amtasteheble of Ameria lUber
, - ioalted b"y GO. WInsm L
bd &auioas. Tbe dead oehdkem
gtu a a e a type of what the
S umtetl Nela0b lerK swI~r
Mg eMt W bean wnst November,
Ye eousioa he will be conelgn
dit b etles wherethe hand
.ttmu eee will never reach him.
puttb budluhll * + of
wdww
* lihil OSWWfor has lamed
" tat Nerula. toy
·~puled. sldasoowM M t i
as
isseJ two ftwmO . o. 4
OK;~~ bl
YW ~it lbslWU la on#sIic
-i~r~ji~i;! oot Lows some~
.taptu ej
s1 aarber dioar*
f i~toeerr. t
. ~~ al.otise lmat
"t erU 4 tk D ltl~e t : o º Is 0hi
U
t ý lam ass qoss wem..
:~to t roodbr
{ a uqumaa. *
--as-esl~rqr
ru sir woink ua e(
g.tkp o
w weoý l.tldo loidb a
- I wh iit I '
.,wis Delas.
rbiI. esmUIId my
- ~in bale; sto 30
Rip d hho" f her
la a~ist wilpkusstpor h1b
SIsima 1 smst
amlt
r "S
asesek-Shermua Lestter.
If General Biacocs was wanting Like
In reputation as something more dearly I
than a "mere soldier" his letter writ- sight-i
ten to General BnasNx, and for ambitic
which Republican organs for a time ever sb
clamored, supplies that want. The left im
letter to Governor PEnsr and the er'8 E
eelebrated Order No. 40 are master- that be
pieces In themselves, but this letter row; a
ranks HaxcocK higher as a patriot that ke
and a statesman than those great the do
epistles even. elster'.
We might in all appropriateness coastal
term the letter to SauMax, which we us fro
regret we have not the space to pub- muadini
lish, a a model of simplioity, directs broth
naes and statesman-like force of our a
character, and it shows in him, as doing
Senator BATAnn aptly says, "the stuff true a
of which Iewabldlag rulers are made. No tIt
The following golden sentences are is shli
commended to the patriot: there
'The army should have nothing to ever.
do with the election or lonauguration
of a President.' 'The people eleet
the President.' 'The C^onrs de
ohlam in a joint session o be is.' The
)Our asystem doees not provide that late
one President should inaugurate an- lative
k other; there might be danger in that,
and It wa studiously left out of idly
|eter* The
SHer is the keynote of the differ river
re once between Hancock and Grantism- Loui.
d If GOant had held the doetrine of meno
r Hancook's letter there never would
have been an Electoral Commissealion by ha
1-or any need for one. It was the betle
threat of Grant that be would in-t. te
s augarate as President the candidate cotns
a who be deolded ought to be lnaugnrsa tweni
I. ted, and that be would do it by force sel I
Si necessary, whichlob made it requi t
is site that an unusual device should ter j
a- be adopted to preserve the forms at tweei
is least of law in flling the office and a
. to prevent a storm in whloh our sys
he ter of government would have been a m.
to wreked. vvile
Cmrae in Disease. depo
bavil
Many a life has been saved by the City
Smoral courage of the sufferer. It is rerf
not alone In bearing the pain of ope- tral
rations on the misery of confllnement from
in a sick room this self-help becomes io0n
of vital moment, but In the monotobl
now tracking of a weary path, and P
the rigorous discharge of ordinary rtn
duty. Veri
How many a victim of incurable on tl
disease has lived on through years ard
of suffering, patiently and resolute- seem
ly hoping agaanst hope, or, what Is
better, living down despair, until the T
virulence of a threatening malady vrn
hu died out, and It has ceased tobe Ing
destructive, although Its physical or
bharacteristdcs remained ? Due
s· The power of "good spirits" is a in
- matter of high moment to the sick the
Iu and weakly. To the former It may
ken mean the ability to survive, to the T
the latter the possibility of outliving, or 3
living Ia spit of diseae. se
It Is, therefore, of the greatest Im
rib portnese to cultivate the highest and dot
ig- most buoyant frame of mind which ed
a the enedltioN will admlt. The samw p
emelrgy wbleh takes the form ofta
l mental activity is vital to the work tl
-of arglulsm. Mental nlluenes at- di
'e hot the system, and a joyous spirit n,
not only relieves palin, but Iereamse
__s emomentum of e ln the body.
Thev Tefims of dlisese do not com- 3
oealy ulloently apprelate the val '
ma ssad use of 'good spirits" Thbey j
too ofte settle down l despaitr when
atu a pelofssola judgment deterinme si
m is the ealstee of some latet or ebron*
say le malady.
The ft that It is probable they dl
Bllldie of a pattil arise e awts I
so deep a gloom over the mmprospet
that throeagh fear of death they ar ,
all their lifetime msubject to hoadag.
The multitude of healthy pemol
who wesr out their strength by ea
baingul ouraysaadperpet1 I ass- fi
aer lthls for health is very sgret,  d c
eI tbh poljley In wbhib they Indulge is
Led eesedlagly short-sighted.
STen years ago, a friend of the wrl* a
terst alled on a leading physbelan to
medleste bhim for wbhat be himbealf
sueldered an Ineourable malady.
oetal 4 tttleo oro rellef, heasked A
oeti phytlgla polntedly If there was
srar hope. "None, whatbever," was
B the calm reply, "eCept by ohange
mas of ellmat mad a sea vopage." This I
was beyml the basselst abllity of
eons t pent. Nevetheless, by the A
iL k aresregs eratlrlnrg emryr aad so
gome p -or a rstecurags he was able nI
r abor~itime to perform hli arduou ,
l duer a h tb support of his hmlly; I
bo a bSdd hlaol .Ln riees hems lbor I
: aJ elt ot twey-four, ad hL s oa
Meen c the orrowofuMol rad worin I d
eM ippler and nvaloldrll, wbo dng out 1
l mirabl ive a thitb way rwuld ei
less tsmtebed a ad i lo er if they
ay not be reasoned loto a lighter
t amne of malnd they can make life
m more oableoby courage sa od "god
o to trees (Cmmtls, '
Some yea ago we wereo fmremoet
I ba.dvoentlamg Omvmentmo of thm
flfPteuiLeuh~i a ad to that end
s_-iu ,lm GomIonedtae of theI
:.. ::|M sles i ius, Mth e ,s
du t wiswss to ealla Set eiress Oan.
h e9. .atmies. Now thas the sebct is
nl.l . WLsbegag agatatd we sorgaly
- V-~ ,·u i however, ,uq the
W/i r ~~tat. o. aComm,,, ae oaa, npet,
is. t. en ewr Olss, sad twom
a esersb' * theuonsy, they to seslee
w I n .l 'whih tComma itte wil shae,
*n y gesu otlee thi tilo saIs.
,11 ls Qh t lhor holding Ceoa
Gone Out Forever. Thi
Like droppiug, dying stars, our INDIIA
dearly loved ones go away from our H t
sight-the stars oi our ihoes, our inrrtil
ambitions, our prayers, wHo ligi't titot tot
ever shines before us, their pltcet is to-day:
left empty. cold and dark. A rmoth- T'o IIl
er's iteady, pft and earlnest light n
that beame I through want anld or- othe
row; a father's strong, quick light tee
that kept our feet from stumbling in
the dark and treacherous ways; a 4
sister's light, so mildi, so pure, so to reel
constatannd so firm, "bilhing upon teenth
us from gentle loving eyes, anti per- offic o
suading us to grace and goodness; a States
brother's light, forever sleeping in vontiot
our souls, and illuminating our nat I, 4
doings and comings; a friend's light, erbal
f true and trusty-all gone forever! have I
No! the light has not gone out. It high ti
tis shining above the stars, where its sy
there is no darkness forever and I ra
ever. platfol
the co
t rgan's Texua Railroad. irove,
beeaua
' The New Orleans Democrat of a and pi
A late date contains the following re- man i
lative to the railroad now being rap- same
idly completed between New Or. ces to
leans, La., and Houston, Texas: consti
The bridge across the Mermentau his ch
river having been completed, the princi
I- Louisiana R rilway Company com- by Jei
l menced running daily mail trains to- keep .
d day over both portions of their un- natiol
I nished line, connecting the same high
'n by hacks. The gap that remains to right,
I be tied and ironed is twelve miles in his ac
3- extent and if the fair weather of yes- well a
t terday and to-day continues the rail and b
connection will be made by the a mal
a- twentieth instant, although it is scar- the p
oeely probable that through trains be. grea
11- tween New Orleans and Houston will pure
bte running regularly before Septem. takin
d ber 1. The present schedule be- ed he
at tween Vermillionville and Orange is porta
ad as follows; Leave Vermlllionville every
daily at 6:30 a. m., and arrive at of ri
Orange at 7 p. m.; leave Orange at 7 is, in
Sa m.., daily and arrive at Vermillion for ti
rilleat4 p. m. Preso
The lumber for the new passenger No
depot and eating-house at this point the
having at last arrived at Morgan wher
he City from Lake Charles. Judge Par try re
is keron, agent of the Louisiana West- mont
ern, left this mornnlo to hasten the meni
Pe transfer over the Morgan Railway the I
Mt from Berwick. The brick for the tired
lea foundation is already here, and the ty in
o building will be erected as rapidly as not t
a possible. cco
d Trains of the Morgan road now pubi
try run through on schedule time to ento
Carencro, some twelve miles from
Vermillionville. The track-laying of pl
on this line has been somewhat re- set -
I tarded by the late raiu, ut. there ages
it- seems to be no doubt that Opelousas and
t will be reached on, if not before, the 1ubl
firat of September tion
The people of Vermillionville are fi
idy very much elated over the approach- dis
be lang railway boom, and in conse- T
l quence are contemplating some Im. lon.
portent local Improvements. A trre
number of publlc and private build- are
I logs will be erected here as soon as und
sck the lumber market of Lake Charles ted
is accessible by rail, B
- ...that
the The Aoklen-Billiu contest in the byt
or 34 Congressional District has as. re
sumed such ap ugly appearance that lhe
ti B. N. Sims, Ohairman of the Congres to
Ssonal Executive Committee has call- sell
lob ed a meetlnlg of that body "for the be
as purpose," to quote from the o "il, "of
o taking into consideration the politi- in
cr eal situation of the distriect." In ad- gal
t I dltton to the above the New Orleans tb
pirt nIues contalns the following:
e a, u CE sLJas, La., Aug.6, 1880. ,
S At a nasa meeting bheld here, with Fe
maomBon. William Vincent as chbalrman en
I. and Allen Odley as secretary, reie ne.
ltilons were adopted to the folowl- sm
lir efftrct: po
ob First-Disregalrdlng asl an absolute at
aie nullity the nbtomination of Hon. J S. w.
millli, Io April last, and urging the sal
iall of a reglar nominating con. col
veata in lathe third congressional of
they distriot. col
ests Second-BequestingtheHoe. Ohmbs. l
A. Brustle, ehairman of the execu- mi
thie committee, to Isue a all for a pu
a oo0vntion.* pa
ag. Third-Denying all authority on
oie the or othe committee reresent- at
ed by the Hoo. R. N. ims, but, ad. n
Svised It, for the sake of harmony to th
ms fix the same time sad place for a bh
oad convention as may be fixed by the or
l e Boon. Charles A. Bruele, and pledling of
the Democracy of the parish to vote of
for none but a regular Democratc to
s wrl nominee for congress. m
iself uORRIBLE CIME,.
sked A wtra ADNINISTE3S POISON TO 333- is
5EL1 AND NINg CRiIWDRE.
" New York, August 6.-A speeal vi
a nrge om Ameerous, Oa., gives the follow- a
This l particulars of a crime commit- b
tea In Webster county, twenty miles i
ty of westof that place on the evealog of
Am the st 4th. It states that Woodso
a u I L? ¶Lnels a well-to-do farmer, left ,
s i home to visit sick nelghbor and o
returna$ig at to p. m. found his wife a
l sand inoo or ten small ohldrea In a t
ally, horrible aleep from the effects of
lbor mor indo admaistered in lemonade o
i g ra, Gaunnels. There is no doubt~
5faae the ftal beverage,d
ad~isresd i to her bldrme sad
rod dreank of It hersit with atal Intent. t
t Mr OUaels Wasmanrisd to this his t
sebond wife eseven yes ago ad has ,
by her four cildren. The other is
Sthe are by hits previous wife sad as far
Sthey as know thestepmotherha b been a
ghter detiful and ind parent to them.
Mrs. Gamel is from a highbly ree-I
lfn pcab family. A otebin the ad
I"good owii Mrs. Goanels was founad ,
under the uorphia bottle on a table,
Ia wbibh she stated she had deliber*
ately administered thm aorphia to
the chielde ad herself with the li
mot testion of destrollng them all, and
that sheb was not actuated by any,
Sthe dom k trouble. O to the lapes_
,, ed of tiose before medlet aid arr ied
the Mrs. GOaels' casewas hopelesa . She ,
g. lao eanr book on the abed ina sa s.
su lraleep prdceed by the Iftal
.du, and all efforts of the physl.
rCa* an ad sympathizing Mends to
IN Oestor ber wqre ltttle. The abil
dmla' d meo was suot so hooeesse and
by the aunaslngeffpto of physiasu
sie ofs them shoW s galns of re
tetun ollo nu '., Al of e
at the hitherto
tbtlldCQO-lra udtfftheawyo
The Letter oef Ir. English. and besil
___ Bitt in
INiIANAPOLiS. Jily 30.) - HOe. Wmi. of the
H Euglisb transmitted the follow- the rei
ing ltter of acceptance of the nom- n.i .
inltito of a candlhlate to, Vie'-hre.r tilivtly
ittant, to the COtnlliti*tt" Of o llltuinatit ii pr ai
to)-daVty :'iusmi
"ro H ol..1 d,hi IV' te.r,\-,nt,. I't.º,- EiL
deItt of the (ovtintioIi ; lion. En r
,lno. P. stocktoil, ('haliiaf. ant tttl I
other Membhers of the Commit- t. i
tee of N,tle'atioll: fully a:
INDIANAPOLIS, July 31. 1 ,i tuaer I
(J'ntlemern-I have now the honor tained.
to reply to your letter of the thir- ia ai
teentih lotant, informing ame that I both ci
wa unaritmouuI4y nominated for the ereside
oflie of Vice-President of the United in ever:
States by the late Democratil Con. forever
veintion. which assembled at Cincin- of the I
nati, O. As foreshadowed in the qiestle
verbal remarks made by me at ' ho of thet
time of delivery of your letter, I overthi
have now to say that I accept the Democ
high trust with a realizing sense of that ev
Its responsibility, and am profoundl- given
ly grateful for the honor conferred. every
I accept the nomination upon the every
platform of principles adopted by enjoyn
the covention, which I cordially ap teed 1
IIrove, and accept it quite as much amend
because of my faith in the wisdom A so
Sand patriotism of the great states- of the
man and soldier nominated on the corres
same ticket for President of the staudt
United States. His eminent servi- mercI
ces to his country, his fidelity to the and si
constitution, the Union and the laws; to col
his clear perception of the correct and tl
principles of government, as taught and bi
by Jefferson; his scrupulous care to will I
keep the military in strict subordi- every
nation to the civil authorities; his millie
high regard for civil liberty, personal tected
0 rights and the rights of property ; tition
Shis acknowledged ability in civil as their
well as military affairs, and his pure be pre
Sand blameless life, all point to him as dit w
Sa man worthy of the confidence of and
Sthe people; not only a brave soldier in pul
great commander, wise statemannai ties o
Spure patriot, but a prudent, pains- of the
Staking, practical man of unquestion- govet
Sed honesty; trusted often with im- mii
portant public duties ; faithful to all th
l every trust, and in the full meridian tions
t of ripe and vigorous manhood. He I di
Sis, in my judgment, eminently fitted justk
Sfor the highest position on earth-the city t
Presidency of the United States. and,
r Not only is he the right man for cess
t the place, but. the time has come sue
Swhlen the best interests of the co0n- ion
try require that the party which has hatrf
t- monopoizd the executive depart- chief
be ment of tihe gt neral government for can
y the last twenty years should be re- way
e tired. The continuance of that par- plish
e ty in power four years longer would and I
as not be beneficial to the public or n tion.
accordance with the spirit of our re. i ni
pablic'n institutions. The laws of valrl
Sentail have not been favored in our the
Ssystem of government; perpetuation pei
Sof proverty or place in one family ora
e- set of men has never been eucour- mot
re aged in this country, and the great 11gb
" and good men who formed our re. wou
he publican government and its tradi- nati'
tions, wisely limited the tenure of of- mar
re flece and in many ways ashowed their I
h- disaproval of long leases of power. you
e Twenty years of continuous power is
m- long enough, and has already led to
A irregularities and corruptions, which
d- are not likely to be properly exposed
as under the same party that perpetra
es ted them.
Belsides, It should not be forgotten
that the tour last years of power held
he by that party were procured by dis
as- creditable means, and held in de
ihat mnce of the wishes of a majority of mom
the people. It was a grievous wrong vier
tea- to every voter, and to our system of coo
al- self government, which should never obt
the be forgotten or forgiven. Many of gto
"of the men now in office were put there re
because of corrult partisan services frot
iti in thus defeating the fairly aid le- So
ad- gally expressed will of a majirity. ion
ans the hypocrisy of profesiions of that Oei
,arty In favor of civil service reform Chi
was shown by placing such men in z
,,ffice and turning the whole brood of se
with Federal officeholders loose to Infu- th
na ence elections. The money of the qui
pso neople, taken out of the publie trea
wl- sury by these men for services often ao
poorly performed, or not performed o
lue at all, is being ueed in vast sums, c
8. with the knowledge and presumed up
the sanction of the administration, to ed
on- control elections; and even members en
mal of the Cabinet are strolling about the an'
,ountry, making partiean speeches, .
has. instead of being in their depart- un
ecu ments at Washlngten, discharging set
ra public duties, for which they are co
paid by the people. Am
on But with all their cleverness and vi
at- ability a discrlminating public will p
ad- no doubt read between the lines of
y to their speechesthat their paramount w
a hope and aim is to keep themselves e
the or their natelites four years Ioniter in c
ng office. That perpetutina the power o
vote of chronic Federal office-holders b
rati four years longer will not benefit the wi
millions of men and women who hold re
no office, but earn their daily bread ts
by honest industry, is what the same ts
discrning publio will no doubt fully w
understand, as they will also that It di
3s33 is because of their own industry and t,
economy and God's bountifUl har- w
vests that the country is comparati- e
rely propeArous, and not becans of
lo-any thing done by these Federal offie- y
hmit- holders. The country Is compara
miles tively prosperous not because of p
them, but in spite of them.
3Aon This contest is in fact between the ci
people, endeavorlng to regaln the *
ad polfcal political power which right- d
swife fully belongs to them, and to restore *
I a the pure, simple, economical, con
s of stltutlonalg overnmoet of our fathers I
sude on one side, and a hundred thou- l
doubt sand Federal oese holders and their f
l ad backers, pmpere with place anda
and powr, and dermined to etaln/
st, them at all hazards on theother.
is his hence the constant assumption of /
I has new and dangereos powers by the o
5 six general government under the rule i
1 far of the Republican party. The effort a
ee a to build up what they eall a strong I
then* government; the Interdereane with
ILre- home rule and with the adminlstra
dand on of justice in the courte of the
fond several tmates, the interference with
table elections througt the medium of
lb aM partisan Federal ofce-holders,
I nterested in keeping their ty ii
he in- power, and caring a re fore htbans
I, and for fairness in elections in fat, the
1 eonstant oneroachlments which have
been made by that paty on the
elearly reserved right. of the people
in She and the government of limited pow
an un*em created by our fathers, and end
* fatal isa great consolidated central gov
physi- erament, strong iadeed for evil and
nde to the overthrow of republican lonttu
e chil- 'ions.
s, and The wise men who framed our con
siclan tution knew the evils of a stronr
of ~rgverment and long continuance o!
of the itial power In the same hands.
ioun. They knew there was a teindeay in
oat of this direttion In all governments
feat of and consequent danger to republl
the can Inslttutions from thatarse, and
EIeook ~hsto against it. The
..machinery ofa strong centralized
' glMner goerWnment an to used to
perpe, thsame set of men Ia
dranl powe from term to term. untilIt
s g ! sto be republic or is mush oaly
-a* oame; end the .adee. of te
-- pt tnow in power In that
I oat 51u aI various wtays,beds
s the Wrtileaeas recently manfasted
_ O lby 4a number of that. a to
b15ijl •h~ Ptsldent an usimito mum
~~ ~tt5M5. icut aparu
and best for that party to be retired.
But in resisting the encroachments -
of the general gi,verniment ulpon
the rese4rved rights of tih It' a HIo0 -
inI i S8tlf'. I wasi l t ie , lily ti
till'IVs Illilierl'slit)' li 4 ItA Ol - InVl , th , tulti
etqlt it oi f t 11 ee l i'swtI's riutalfullyl ht,' TW'fn'y-I
1(llnginl Ito i it il,.1t tih'e collfst i;tlt io . J
iltu'It , iIItferrottit'e with tle Illr'o r BOA1r
exi-ei-r'It its powj r! mul lt l it, rt' e a1 inN
fully av. istli. Tlhe union of! !, S e payabl. e
stiuder lth ('Olly0 l lti Ot tIIiiiet he 111t, *i itil
tainied, and it is well known that tris Imciek
Its atlwaysi been tlhe i .ii'l '1i Ir
both candidaltes on the ielllertat l
lresidential ticket. I. is s acqiiciesl"',
inieverywheroe now, and finally and Ang.
forever settled as on'te f t he Iresul!,
of the war. It is certain 'yoiid illli
question that the legitimate rreulit Ho]
of the war for the Union will not be
overthrown or impaired should the HE
Demooratle ticket be electedl. In ,
that event, proper pr.)teetl u will e Tuiti
given in every legitiflimate way to1 1aabi
every citizen, native or adopted, in Conti
every section of tue republic, in the
enjoyment of all the rights guaran- Born
teeid by the c(nSlitliou ant itsi , file
aImendments. tg,
A sound currency of honest munl:'Y, ,ioty ,
of the value andl purchaiog power
corresponding substantially with the Aug.
s standard recognized by the com
mercial world, and consisting of gold
SI and silver, and paper convertible ien-i
to coin, will be maintained. L-a(or
t and the manufacturing. commuercial
it and business interests of the country STA
o will be favorcd and encourage inT
every legitimate way. The toiling
Is millions of our people will be pro
I tected from the destructive conmpo- e
; tition of the Chinese, and to that end
is their immigration to our shores will
e be properly restricted. Public cre. At I
eis dit will be scrupuously maintained found
fl and strengthned by strict economy sortin
r in public expenditures and the liber. first-cl
td ties of the people and the property the ve
- of the people will be protected by a see for
t. government of law and order, ad
n- ministered strictly nla the interests of
to all the people, and not of corpora
in tions and privileged classes.
Ie I do not doubt the discriminating
ad justice of the people and their cape. Vea-s
e city for lateligent self.government, hi
and, therefore, do not doubt the suo to all
or cess of the Democratic ticket. Its late Al
de success would bury beyond resurrec signet
n- tion the sectional jealousies and
as hatred which have so long been the AuI
rt- chief stock in trade of the Republi
or can demagogues, and in no other
re- way can this be so effectually acom
r- plished. It would restore harmony
id and better feeling between all see. Mass
in tons and make us in fact as well as
re- in name, one people. The only ri- Tu
of valry, then would be In the race for imoet
ir the development of material pros- 21st
on perity, the elevation of labor, the en- to thi
or argement of human rights, the pro. held
ar- motion of education, morality, re
at ligion, liberty, order, and all that Vice
re would lead to make us the foremost -
di- nation of the earth in the grand
of. march of human progress.
elr I am. with great respect, very truly St
rt yours, WM. H. ENGLISH.
to filed
sd OABFIELD'I "BIOO.BACK" OIL. f al
SA hiwindliEg Enterprise Which Posh
ten Brought the Credit Mobiller ata
eld Candidate 10,000. the,
de- Chicago, July 16.-The Limles to- a
of morrow morning will contain itlter.
DnR views with victims of Garfield's oil
a of comRany. The chief information is
er obtained from Rev. Jonathan C.
of Stoughton, of Aurora. the standing siug
ere Prohibition candidate for Congress
Ies from the Fourth Illinois District. r
le- Stoughton's story in brief is as fol* frin
Ity. lows: ID 1865 he was invited to visit lec
hat G(en. Garfield at the Sherman House, tat
rm ChicvO. TiUe purpose of the visit i
inwas not statedl until his arrival. As ae
e1 Of eoul as he hal greeted Gen. Gartleld, .ni
fu- the General laiunchled inl ton elo
the quent disquisition ab,,ut an oil comn- ,,c
r.a- jy hie was rganiiinut and whose c.
ten tlock he wao s s;ciing. He explained bu
med to ioulcghtonr t iat by volcanic action u
m, ertaiun slrrals of rocks were thrown om
ed tip iunto a "hiog-iack," which extenil
to ed in a northeasterly and southwest
hers erly directiron thlrough Peainsylvalnia
the and Ieast VIrgltiin. This "jiogback
thee, merely needed taipping to secure an
art- unlimited supply ol oil. Re repre
ging sented that one well belonugiung to his 11
are company was flowing, yielding an i
immense quantity, In all the inter
ad views great pains were taken to iam
will ree the fact that Garfield was a
s of ongressman and a man of piety.
ount When here selling oil stocks Gar
ele field preached in a Catmpbellite
o church. Mr. Stoughton says he dise
ower covered later that the alleged "hog.
ders back" either never was tapped, or 01
tthe waswithout a gea se spot. _larfleld
hold represented that John V. Farwell,
resd the mlllionair dry goods dealer, was
ame the company's presldent. This stet
fully ment with Garseld's eloquence,lin i
at it dueed toughton to subsieribe for
and twenty.fivte shares, aod when he
har- went home he urgedt Mr. Bradley
rati cashier of the First National Baink of t
so of Aurora, Dr. Buck and others to in- th
pra- When the certificates of stock came
e of Parwel's name did not appear as
president. 8toughton grew suspi- a
ithe eious, and advied those of hb friends
f the who had not paid for the stoolk not to c
rght- do so. He wrote to Garfeld, but
tore never received an answer.
con The aereitar of the company.
then spoken totoday, ez re sed
thho gust at the whnole enterprise, eoPn
their feeed be was beaten, but reused to
a and e pniculars of Lte transaetios, a
tateln fmor Axed I0.000 as the amount a
herr wih -Orfield, by his pious cant, in. -
ODe duced Illinoais believers in his piety
y the and integrity to invest in this compa- t
e rle ny His commission was about $10,
ort . The Rlladil howl about Han
ttron ook's eonnection with an oil oompa
wit h ny, in whlob his integrity was never
tra questioned, ad in wbhich he lost his
Sthe own hardt-earned money, has called
Swith Garfield's almost forgotten swindling
um of organiation, and aads one more to
lders, the black spots on the "darlk horse,
in De Golyer, Credit Mobiller, back-pay
han pious fraud who heads the Radleal
the ticket. When Garfeld's exposure is
Shave completed oil literature will 8fgure
n the les ormlnently ia the journals of
theople party of great moral tdeas."
d end
I gov. Dr. Tanner.
lnttu A fast of forty days and forty nights
has hitherto been regarded as a task
ur cna- itg for the Oods" only, but human
e form in the shape of Dr. TAsnNer, a
hads. New York physlelan, has aooom
oO in plushed the miracle. He completed
pu the self.impoed task at iS o'olock
, and oon on August 7lth. At last account
The Dr. Taxx was doing well and rap.
Itadly recuperating.
unil¶ The total number of emigrants
Sonly landling at Ostle Garden daring the
no the onth of uly was about twenty.silx
sthousand avre hundred, beaing the
eeted largest number ever arriving during
arttto themonth laianiy year. The aggre
d StUD gate for the year is 50,000, whichb is
Sfar beyoad the nambers ina any cor
. as rpnoglad eriod ina other years.m
Homer Masonic Insti-"
tute for Young Ladies. C
Twen'y-lirnl Annual Session begins coI
IsEPTIEMBER a, 1880.
1)OARD and tuition per month, $15. B p A
]) Music included with the above, $20, pe
paaybl mtonthly in advance.
;Tuition, 3, 4 and 5 dollars per month.
Incidental fee per term $i1.
IFr further particulars, address
T S. SI,(IH. A. MI., Prest., L
Homler, Chiborne parish, La.
Ang. 1--:im.
Homer Male College.
I'IHE TWE N'r'Y-r\.FIT SESSION will We a
I hegin the First of Septomlber. THE
Tuition, 3. 4 alad 5. dollars per month, hRE
payable at the end of each month. prisi
Contingent fee $1 per terln paid on the A RE)
pupil's enltranie. ET
Board at the College, including wash
Ing, fuel and tuition, from 14 to 16 dol- ENGLI
hers per month, Ilnyalle monthly in SETI
adra.ce. Address ENGLI
It. A. SMITH, Pres. SETI
Aug. 14.--31. DECO
I diffei
MR1II. P. KIAHN, $4 t5
-Dealer in- GLASI
y STAPLE & FANCY GROCERIES, ties
Cigars. Liquors, Etc.. House
Second gtreet, lNatchlteches, La. Ca
II Apr
At the above establishment can be
d found at all times a large and vearied as
y sortment of all goods usually kept in a
r. first-class store, all of which are sold at
ty the very lowest possible rates. Call sad
see for yourselves. aug. 14-tf.
a- --- ------
of NOTICE.
&TIHE time for closing the liquidation of A la,
1 the business of the late firm of Peter
Veuleman and Christine L'herismou dec'd,
t, having expired, notice is hereby given
a. to all persons holding claims against the
[ts late firm, to present them to the under
[. signed for payment without delay.
ad P. VEULEMAN,
be Aug. 14. Liquidator.
|r POLITICAL! alwaý
.. Mass Meeting of the Votersof Ward 1. urern
Tas Prg
i-. The Democratic voters of Ward 1 will guar[
for meet at the Firemen's Hall on Saturday,
0. 21st inst., at 12 U., to select delegates
. to the Parish Convention, which will be
ro. held on Monday, '23d inst.
re. CASPARI,
lat Vice-President, Parish Eeencutive Coin. A
oat - -- -
ad NOTICE.
lly Succession of P. A. Morse, dec'd.
A E. LEMEE, administrator of the
*". above named snuccession, having
filed in my office his provisional account
of administration, notice is hereby given
to all persons interested to file their op.
ich position thereto within ten days from the
date hereof, in detault of which the said
account will he homologated and made C1
the judgment of the Court.
GEO. W. KEARNEY,
to- aug. 14-2t. Clerk 11th Dist. Court. 4
oil TPOo Soldiers, their
SIs I Heirs, or others
C. E desirous of loea.
ling ting lands upon the PublicDomain. Senad for
the July anomber of THE COaOITEo., in whleh
Sisgiven ifall information where the best Gov.
oernment lands are vet asbject to Entry, taken
* fromn the Correspodenleo of the U. 8. Land Of
Visit Icers and others in all parts of the United
States. Ex laiar fully also how Soldiers, Sail
isi ors. their 1idows and Orphans can locate theh
rights by an Agent; also explains clearly who
As ie entitled to rightsathey can dispose oe with
leld, oit setthnaent. In addition is given the Law
elo- i full with recent Ameundlonnl t and Rulings :
how every.boldy. Sldiers and Civilans, eas Io.
ll*ate iRF EM1TirO~5, IIOMSRTEAIB, and TIMIEs
ose (LAINS; an arti.le fully in the interest of the
mned i hoielss. and for sale at 1to cents per ply.
ito Address at sntes. Iefore all are gone inclosig
your lo ellt ill nrip or Iatage stamps, Tas
SNOWV READY'. I
e an Issued Augnst 1st.
a.I IIIHr l lII11ll IIIilm
FOR
lety. 11880. 1
ellite -
sdisl Tu'elfth Annual I'olullle.
'hog*
I, or ONE TIOUSAND AND FIFTY PAGES.
~well, Price, Fire Dollars.
tte This work is the recognized source of 1
t, 15* information ou the Statistics of Ameri.
l for can Newspapers.
de Advertisers, Advertising Agents, Edi
So tors, Politicians and the Departments of -
0 I* the Government rely upon its state
ments as the only recqgnized authority.
a as It ives the Name of all Newspapers
oitpi. and ther Periodicals.
ieds It gives the Polities, Religion, Cleas or
not tO Characterestics. .
I, but It gives the Days of Issue.
It gives the Eclitor's Name.
ipsa It gives the lPublisher's Name.
Kd 1 . It gives the Size of the aper.i
con- It gives the Subsecription Price.
sd to It gives the Date of EstabliRhbment,
dons* and the best obtainablle information
n ount about the circulation, and several valua
at, D blet tables and classifications.
jiety Revised annually, and informationl
plpr* brought down to the latest date.
it $10, Sent to any adldress on receipt of the
Has' price. Addlress
GmO 0. P. ROWEhLL CO.,
never Pnblishers,
oat hi (Newspaper Advertising Bureoau,)
dIg .141 10 Spruce St., New York.
sore to Aug.14-Llm.
iA H. M ANHEIM,
ig OBRAND EOORE, LA.
Is Offerling Unual Bargains Il
GROCERIES,
g t Of whielh he has a lsarge stock. of both
staple and fancy, BOGOrT FOR CASH,
human and can sell cheaper than any one.
xa., a He keeps: a large assortment of
apleted General Xerchandise,
acont complete ,ad full in all details.
mdrap DRY GOOD.B,
FANCY ARTCLIEB.
a ty-si Oth, bra, Oats, had nd
ring MUZD OZ MS .
I a 1 Whichb is MARKED DOWN to tme lowest
rblob Is tfigunres. Price his stock and you will be
ay o* Th highest CASHB PmCE pg: d -l r
a l ouSnt.r. produne. Aug. 7-a .
'tW t drtaa o Z2ný
A. A, SANR
COTTON FACTOfg
-AND- 0f
COMMISSION MERCKAgr
No 198 Oravier St.,
B. P. AdAT, New khaj f3
Special Agent. N.ay a
uAElCAI caiI I90,
No. 49 CAMP STREET,
NEW ORLEANS, LI.
We append a few prices :
TIlE AMSERICAN CHINA DIN1XEt
IBREAKFAST AND TEA SET8, .
Bprising 160 pieces, for $15.
A REAL FRENCH CHINA DINNK
SET, 115 pieces, for $20.
ENGLISH STONE CHINA DINNg
t SETS, 124 pieces, for $12.
ENGLISH STONE CHINA CRAMIaUI
SETS, comprising 10 pieces, forI 3a
DECORATED CIiAMBER SETS, a 1
different colored bands, 10 piseq% 1
$4 50.
GLASS GOBLETS, from 60 ceats to
eor dozen.
articular attention given to 1i'.e
ties and specialties pertaining to th
House.furnishing Department. de
promptly attended to.
Call and examine before paroluuin,
W. C. SHEPHARD & to
April 24, 1880.-12m.
It 3.wn3 5, r
109 CANAL STREET.
e A large assortment of
M, MENS,
be BOYS
& OHILDRBEN
SEASONABLE CLOTHINO.
SSHIRTS & FURNISHING 0001%
always on hand. Clothing madblteak
Samples of goods and rules for ~fay
, urement sent on application.
Prices as low as any in thecity. 6m
ill guaranteed first class.
tee H. B. STE TA"ES,
109 Canml St.,
NEW ORLEANS.
April 24-3m.
W. I MEIa.
thWholesale Grra
not
ron --AND-
said ONIION ý1 ,
0ads 15810 I Ml IIllp,
t. 4 CANAL & 86 COMMON t11.,
heir NEW ORLEANS, LA.
Iea April 24.-3m.
a for
i c SON. TY PE.Aa~,
41Y. MPrintert' Warrih
- 18A POYDrRAS STREET,
1 eto Caamp & St, Chales,
lNEW ORLEANS.
I CONNER'8 sONs TYPE. A lhllnp
oPy. ply at Manufacturenr' lowest pries
"" 1R. HOE & CO'8 PRESSES. Esim
furnished for News, Book sad.Jelobw
April 24, 1880.
" AE.uC.ht IUe aDI
SPhrotog roangsals
E, J, 0lSu .,
Artist Photogphr,
NEW OBLEANS.
April 94, 1880.
-- .c. IunIasM
OPTICIAN,
we 111 CANAL STIEET. 11I
~meri· EW ORLEIANS
Dahamel employs no Agents.
Edi. April 24.--Im.
tt !RICeS TO SUIT TKR TI
papers w''.&LL PAID1
ss or-AND
All Grades and StYICI
at the lowest Pri
at F. IEWBAL
A. W. ETNE.
rkork.
iAND
S38amp St,
p . 0o. 1s
. bFeb. .--1y9 s
n, MILLINERI a FANGl-i n
Norgaohawet -
(Near Custombousi) W
Count r orde sPr o,Aez
,Mi Amll --.3m. d~
8T. DOW
NATO
Will fiVe promPt' ottot d'
-eg imNatobitochxe Sabine