- We beg lea'
Said of our city go'
ing act which
]ain during the week. ground upon
....attention.
We enjoy some cool days now. Seciton 3
.. - 11----- and requires
Business is entirely too dull to es of 1876 to 1
talk of. reney or in
Farmert engage(d with their that 'year, :1
crops, and every thing looks bu- ~llthe yearsi
.y outsid e of town.` brings the p
perini gives fine Lunche.every within the St
day at the "New Stand'-Drop in ; No. 30.
and try his beer. To limit th
Mr. Timon reports every thing penditures
quiet in the Broadwell section. tssue of rp
Crop preparations quite advanced, to permit
and prospects flattering. tain contr
tain penal
Saction 1.
District Court is in session t ate and n 1.
lansfield, DeSoto parish, sinca the Sate lof
Monday last, Judge D. Pierson sembly con
presiding. pal corpor:
--- make any a
Owing to the breaking down of any year w
the telegraph line below Montgom- propriatiol
cry, our city has been cut offdu. be in exoet
ring the week from the ontside for that yepari
woild. Our intended enterprise Sec. t . B
is, in consequence delayed until That no pa
Monday next, on which day we shall apprl
will furnish the full Press dis- expenditnr
patches, daily at 1i o'clock, We or toethie
would beg to state that no printel excess of ti
slips will be furnished except to yeacr.
tsbscribers, who 1 ust pay in ad- That the r
nance. None will, therefore be isles and
sold by the Carrier, and all who this State,
desire to sustain the enterprise, as ted to the
well as enjoy late news, will do enproes ma
well to call at once and subscribe of the iud<
- Sec.4.
It seems strange that with all That the 1
the abuse the big mule gets, the hereby an
mails continue "vagrating." Will contract
not the Postmaster here call for a sums of I
Post-offce Agent to examine this services
nlisance, and have it abated. We commissit
parisheis
bIeg that he will. tion alloº
DANGEROUS AWNING DOWNi.--- per Ceotit
The awning on the Tauzin Saloon Sec. 5,
building fell with a crash, fortu- That no (
nately in the night when no pas. warrant
shall, aft,
sers were on the street, on Friday eighteen
last. The shed had been consid- me issued
ered dangerous for some time. except a;
-- 40"0-I- treasury
The Phuenix will dispense hot corporat
TURTLE SOUP on Sunday. the pras
- convictli
D. H Boullt, Jr., Republican ment or
Bheriff elect, took charge of the tion i t
office on Thursday last, having cates isi
qualified under his Nicholls Com fortheif
mission, and given bond. That al
act are
The ]oullt family, in .thn per- (9 in
Ison of the stalwart David, who peke
efugeed with Myers in 1574, when a
the taxpiayers were after the ring Licuter
of which this same David was the of
Spliant Parish Judge, are now in i
power again. We suppose they Gove
have dropped the purpose of A true
- warming the wax in the ears" of
Sthe taxpayers, as they have been -
considerably warmed themselves. ing
Candor as a Journalist, however, H. c
Scompels us to say, that Boullt Olobu
Sheriff, will give great satisfaction whch
--to every bummer and Radical the th
i-i tthe parish, but the taxpayer le
S can lump it, you know, if he dot't Trial
~ike it. H. Mi
We beg to inquire of our friends Pis
whether it will be in order to yell ot
ufor glory," If the "new" Sheriff a ta
recognizes Nicholls. We make
this inquiry simply for informa- red t
tion,not that we propose to yell. of tll
... .-- m an<
The big male held ahead of the will
telegraph line for four days last eatin
week. Bully for the male.
Keno t that startling cry, ceases mise
to disturb the calm stillness of our zens
nights. Pooll Ramps! now Gale
"break on" like the whoop of an bon
Sudian. the
I . bhre s less whiskey drinking en
In oubr city than in any place of Csqi
l siii. in the State. (Sotto)- e
i ney gone and slate btokL l. e
Um , iling faces are seen once more ed,
-i our streets-case, peolile fully cot
a tlefed that Nicholls will be sus-. lon
hi-, ted by-4etft selveo to the last r
; r and the last dollar° fa
R':"."ow about the new Police Jary
:law1~ Letts have it by all means. ye
PR BPARl TO PAY YOUR lAoE.
..-.Mjor Lane, tax colletor, will
.pe: his oieeluber next week, and
aill1thei who are going. to sap- I
.o. th, .irDse government, can,1
. oome up and do so-then they can aE
SWhen Bill Tlnnard gives his
od and "recognises" Governor I
c1zhlls, the "boye's" propose to "
~~.jtound and serenade him with. I
h 4s songt'i the'"Gay old Car
,and bthe 'Deamocratie
tor inintanco1. 8omebody
useaL the Conasitmlinos e@
ts~of the Whit. tJa.
. ! dprintiiag done at.
I, '4 -. "
We beg leave to call the attentiod Being fully
of our city government to the follow- promise ueasu
ing act which we think covers all the or entbtitided
ground upon which we claimed their Orlcan", thb I
attention. have become
Seciton 3 is particularly pointed Every thing is
to and requires the collection of the ta. fore another i
es of 1876 to be paid either in cur- the pleasure
rency or in warrants issued during and free succ,
eir that -year, as also it applies to all of the people'
r. othet' years ; while Sec. 5 stops fully cntion points I
all further dicker with finances and live in happy
brings the parishes and corpotations all our politic.
ry within the State down to a cash basis : - -
- G. W. D)ue
No. 30. AN ACT Orleans Demr
To limit the appropriation and ex state printers
ing peniditures of parishes and Imuni- lection empli
io ctpal corporations ; to prohibit the large, we fee
issue of warrants by their officers ; orse it, for t
ed, to permit police juries to make cer- worker t
tain contracts, and prohlhith1ig cer- worker than
tain penalties, there more d.
at Siction i. Be it enacted by the Sen- ,Messrs tU)pre
ate and Honse of Representatives of
1ce the Sate of Louisiana, in General As- Wea extend
rso1l sembly conveniF, That no police Israelite frici
jury of any parish, nor any munici- ate
pal corporiatin in this tate; shall to attend a
;n of make any appropriation of money for them in hour
any year which appropriation or ap the society o
om' propriations of the same year, shall teresting ev
F fu. be in exoess of the actual revenue of
tside said parish or municipal corporation morroing, and wever
for that year. in, and w
prise Sc . l. e it further enacted, etc., i'grand affair
ulntil That no police jury of ahy parish or jewishing gi
nmunicipal corporation in this State celebrated ft
shall aplprove any clarim or matke any
Mist expenditure which shail separately, chalr at wel
We or together with other chlains ap
int proved or expenditures made, he in JUDICIAL
excess of the actual revenues of that _--
pt to year.
a ad. Sec. 3. Ile it further enacted, etc., 0. Capmartil
That the revenues of the several par- v.
ishes and municipal corporations of Ilyp. unard.
who this State, of each year, shall be devo- py VIRTIU
ted to the expenditures of that year; I) in the ab
provided, that any surplus of said rev- suit, and to I
'ill do ennes may be applied to the paymlent sale to tit
eribe of the indebtedness of former years. door o the
Sec. 4. Be it further enacted, etc.,
th all That the police juries of the several Thurs
8, th parishes in this State may and.are
hereby authorized and empowered to tOne bafollowi
Will contract for fixed and determined On bal
l fora sums of money with those officers
e this who received in compensation lor CASH, wi
services under existing laws, fees, arch 31
I. We commissions or mileage from said March 31
parishes provided, the compensa
tion allowed shall not exceed fifty
per eentum of the fees allowed by the LL perse
laws of the State. slicessi
Saloon See. 5, lie it further enacted, etc., quested to
fortu- That no (evidence of lidebt dness or) edgntent ai
warrant for the payment of money i gnW'l at h
r pas shall, after the first day of October, to ccsio. H.
Iriday eighteen hundred and seventy-seven,
:onsid- he issued by any officer of any parish March 31
or municipal corporation in this State,
18* except against money actually in the
treasury of said parish or municipal .I+L per;
1se hot corporation. Any person violating Succes
the prsIisions of this section shall, on dec'd., a
Conviction, be punished by Imprison- them witl
tblican went or fine, or both, at the discre- to M. E.
tion of the court ; provided that this Successior
section shall not apply tp the certifi- Cuni
having cates Issued to lurora Itnd witnesses March
.l Com for their services in the courts. S
Sec. f(. Be it further enacted, etc.,
That all laws in conflict with this Successic
act are hereby repealed. Y virt
d, who ISpeaker of the House of reptesent- Natchlitor
n tives. cry in th
4, hn (Signed) LOUIS A. WILITZ, of inst re
the ring Lieutenant Governor and Presideut in this I
was the A re8of 17ti Ie eatnese.
10 in Approved March '2S, 1877. c
(Signed) FRANCIS T. NICHOLLS, the folo
se they Governor of the State of Louisiana. in- to t.l
AA true cert:
pWILLe of A true A. SRONG, of Can
ears" of Secretary of State. theron,
, e been Hood a
!melbes. Sings Like A Bird. The delinhtful
effects of tlhis new principle, Dr. . longing
o wever, H. McLeanu's Cough & Lung Healling quired I
Gt Boullt lobules. As the saliva in the month Anotl
isfaction acts on the Globule a gas is generated provem
sfactiO which soothes and heals irritation of (f Cam
Itadical tile throat and lungs, makes the voice bayou.
taxpayer clear as a bird, cures Hoarseness, an de
he donlg Coughs, Colds and Constuaptioi. "in. , t:
Trial Boxes, by mail, 25 ets. D. J. n for
H. McLean, 314 Chestnut, St. Louis. Anot
proven
It friends Distress after eating, one of the boundi
er to yell most unpleasant results of indiges- south
Se tion, Will no longer be ecpeienced if John S
a" Sherff a tablespooufull of Simmons' Liver L. rt
Qe make Regulator is taken after each meal. Als
i nforms- This kill prevent the distress refer- ma
red to' and by persevering to the use
" to yell. of this rtemedy fot a few week a per- h
manent cure will be effected, and pain he
nd of the will no longer be the penalty of blee
days last eating.
le.-' hal
i -. We are patltied to chronicle thile de -
C-y, ceases mrise of one of our old, and best citi
neess of oar zeus, Valery Ganenate Esq. Mrs
pss noW GaleOnte wtes, itf te mistake not,
oop of a born in this parish, and possessed in Mrs.
the Inghest degree the virtues and D
-- eivalts' of the true old time South- ) ii
drinking era gentleman; no man enjoyed is nit 1
y place of tceqnaintande but to respect him, and igh
be was one among our most hospita- hos
brtokr ble, enterprising and useful citieons, ch
>to , whose loss can be bou deeply deptor- s
a nce more ed, and is a serloadS one to the whole th I
peOlole fully eothuunity. Mr. Galeunie stffered A
will be sue- long and pailently, and he died sat ther
tte s rounded by a deeply grief-stricken fort;
o the last family and hosts of mourning friends, in t
t*ay he rest in peaceF bo
alie Jten The daily mail fot below has not
Sall mean& yet been put in eperation: The by
S Postmaster informs us that it will be,
ot l To? will however, early next week. C
Itt week, sud It sheald be reseitlered by our
iing. to sag- besinese men that we are prepared to
.rnment, Cal execute all kinds of .Jo Womu as
hen they can neatly and as cheap as they do it in
-New Orleans. •
rd gives his Every person who owes as any
us" Governor thing is requested earnestly to step ha
S'prp osP toup and pay up. We are rrning a
de him with. good per,. and dl we desire is full aI
ay old Car support, which we hope will be ac- co
Snld Car c aad a Or claims against each h
,DemocBraie lQdidal ar6e small, but i. the ag
,. S0omebod giegate this little from all. will help
sstli$tati9on 1 u n greatly.
oe Wit W V--- -
The most of .oar contmpories of
th- coi codd see o flfrtesed out. T.ey
finltlg done at don't tvt war a bit now. Tablag
(boues.. + a u.. w noose fore g. asJ
.-· ' .- . 1 . ..: . . . .. . . -
Being fully assured that no C-- Settl iutU , oun. il
Spromise aleasures will be thought of ,atrdat
e or enttririded by our leaders in ew the fllowing
r Orlcan", thb fe.eling - of the citiilns said niure.ssion
have become hopeful and bojanit. quarter of ,oti
• "' 1w, Township 9,
v Every thing is now bright, ani be- Bethal place, c(
fore another issue we hope to have or less, with al
ptoveuiltiit' the
r- the pleasure of announcing the full erms of Sah
g and free success of the government rch 31-ta
11 of the people's choice. Every indi- Mar:l,
y cation points to it, and all may now
dH live in happy hope of ari early end of
is all our political tronLles. 1MEITCUS
s - A torof thue
G. W. l)umri.;E & Co., of the New ter, having file
Orleans Democrat, have been elected account of adon
S State printers. We endorse this se- y given toi all
tile thlir oppo
ti- lection emphatically. The people at otlherwise the.
le large, we feel assured, will also en- This 20th M
Sdorse it, for there has been no abler
worker than the Democrat, nor are -
there more deserving gentleman than f 1
SMessrs Duprey and Hearsey.
0s We extents cordial thanks to our
te Israelite friends for a kind invitation
alto attend a sup~per to be given hy W
for them in honor of the fo'uluitton of W
aP the society of B'nai Brith. the ih- WM. FR
tall teresting event will take place to- AVO
a IT JVN
morrow evening at Lacoste's build- Chamiler
ing, and we are sure it wilt be a ntl e(,ulred
ell to store
tc., g'rand affair for we know that the fre,.ights and e
tor Jewishing gentlemen of this city are Hates of st
ate celebrated for their fondness of good follows:
Fifteen Ce
l, cheer as well as their hospitality. Thirty-five
i JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMENTS, March 2
SHEIIF"'S SALE. THE
tc., O. Capmartin, Parish Court, Parish of
par- vs N ,tchitoches.
I of Hyp. Buard. No. 1375.
vo- Y VIRTUIE of a writ of Fi. Fa. issued f
ear;) in the above entitled and numbered
rev suit, and to me directed, I will offer for
ent sale to the last and highest hidder at the On
rs door of the court-house, in the city of
tc., Natchitobches, on Finest Old
'eral Thursday, April 12th, 1877, WHIISKIES
dt the following described property, to wit: ed and I
d One bale of cotton. Lager Beel
leers Terms of Sale. St. Louis an
tor CASH, with benefit of appraisement. tp. Drin
feesM. L. BATES, forget
sitd March 31-tds Sheriff pro tern. Feb 24. ti
aonnca ---3P -_
t NOrCE. lictu
y the LIL persons having claims nga.inst the
1A sluc'-ssion of WM. SULLIVAN are re
etc., quested to present the same for acknowl
ss o) edguent and settlement to the under
son signed at his residence on Ilack Lake or
sobe, to win. H. Jack Esq., Attorney for the You ca 1
onsuccession, at Natchitoches. Fo cauIFTY
H. II. HA'rHORN, for FIFTY
rish March 31 Administrator. Nutchitocl
State, - - - -
in the Notice.
'icilA AL persons having claims against the
luting Succession of G. C. Cunningham, eja -
ll, on dec'd., are hereby notified to present
'rison- them within the time prescribed by law, CC
liscre- to M. E. Roper, administratrix of said
t this Succession, or to her Attorney's, Chaplin, Corne
ertifi- Cunningham & Chaplin. March 2
ee March 31-3t.
SUCCESSION SALE.
, etc.,
I this Succession of James Coughlin, dec'd. *"
* )Y virtue of an order of the Hoporableo
) the Parish Court of the parish of
resent- Natchitoch,'s, I will sell at plnhhc out- Under th
cry in the Town of Campte, at the place
['Z, of last residenceofJamesCoughlin, dec'd tte
'esideut in this Parish', on
Wednesday, the 11th day of April 1877,
IOLL, the following desecrbed property belong.
nisiana. in to the Succession of James Counhlin.ile an
'k certain lot of ground in the Town mie ab
of C(ampte, with the improvements are spat
State. thereon, bounded north by lands of E.
__N. flall, south. hy lands of Mrs. E. L. scr
Hood and Michuelson & Robbert. east ,ump
e by the Public Road, west by lands be- essir
' longing to deceased, being the same ac- helt
Healing quired by deceased from H. P. MeZiete. an in
te month Another lot of ground with the im- and c
eerated provements thereon, situated in the town ite t
tation of f Campte, bounded north hy Campte ioton
the voice bayeo, south by lands of Jno. 8hirng coel
arsnessa deceased, enal by .lan'ls. of deceas-Ocee
itiedpist c and west b_ lards of fl. L. Arrtistrong, of the
s1pD.on. beinu the same acquired by James Cough. Ter
Lous *lin from Joseph Meziere.
Another lot of ground with its im- Payab1
provements in the Town of Campte,
bounded north by lands of deceased,
indiges' sotth hy Red River, east by lands of Entrnu
ulenced if John Shirnng, and west by lands of B. Boar
a'LvrL. Armstrong. F
uchivel. Also the . a lance of the moveables re- Washi
schrmer mainhng unsold from the first sale. Books
ea ee-Doctol
in the use Terms of sale. Sim
and pain The real estate to be sold for Cshij Music
enalty of sbject to appraisement, and the movea'U,
bies fut cash, for what they will briug. Drw
V. A. BARRON,
- March 10 -tds. Sheriff. Pl
eothe de'- -' h-'
beet citi- SAERIFF'S SALE.
may 1
Es., Mr, Terence Chaler I District Court, of th
ttake aot, vs. (Parish of Natch o
)seeaeed in Mrs. Aurore M. lMyams. } itoches. No
f No, 8123. cp
irtues and B7 virtue a writ of seisure and sale e
mee South- in the above entitled and numbered sumr
,joyed his suit and to me directed, I have seized whit
and will offer for sale to the last and Ea
him, and highest bidder at the door of the Cour- blue
tt hospita- house in the city and M1u of Natchi- it
ml citize ns, toches, oanhe
'1y  eplor,-, &trday, 21st day of April, 1877, th
tthe whole the following described property, to-wit: twel
A certain tract of land, together with or t'
le s~ffered all the buildings and improveUtleftt larg
e died ant thereon, containing four hundred Nnd lar
ief iftricken forty arpents more or less, situated ont at
fr fiends, the west batik of Little or Athao R~iver tb
ing in the Parish of Nathiteehes' bouidded ot
above by lands tormefly belonging to and
Victor J. Rachal. below by lands of wid
Elizee Rach1.L iti tife rear by landis of tw
fw ha s not L. B. Rachel and D. R. Carroll, ifffrlot lon
tion: Tihe by said Little or Athao River. dis
i it will be, Terag of Sale.
CASH, with the benefit of appraise- fur
ment.. M L. BATES, fut
rea by our March f7.- .tae- Sheriff. I
preepred to _--__ _
n Wo Br as SUCCE$SIO~R SALF. rer
hey d o it in vccoesekon of (. 0. (unaingham. gr
Y VIRTUE 9t a- order of the Hon.
--- - Phrish Court; Parish of Nintchtoches,
wus ss any- there will be sold at public auction, bt
aestiy to step the late residence of Dr. (O. C. Cunning-b
ham, dec'd., on
rre rerrirng a Saturday the 14th day of April, 1877, is
dese is full all the pereonalproperty of said deceased,
s wwil be ac- consisting of one Bookwalter engine,
household furniture, horses cows, oxen.
-gainst each wagon, medicine, books, watch, one' ps-'
it n. the ag tot and gun, etc., etc.,
dl will help Terms of mle--Cash.
Mar~i 1-t6. s r 2 in 'ui
nttpopor ea of $UCSIO
tet out. They oQMfk5N5 r
no" .,'T~ leg y tzR1lE of an oerof the Hon.
sell at public auction, at the door of the
fcourt helOluse oi
ýattriday,!, 31a!l 51h, 1877,
the following real e.stat, 1elongii to
said ,ureession, viz: '1he South bst
quarter of So.tl. E;ast quarter of Section
19, Townshil 9, Rang, 8, knownll s the
Bethal plaIcr, conutninin 40 .c'res, more
e or less, with all the buildings aiid tin
11 provmennts thereon.
Terms of Sale--Cas.h.
it M. E. ROPER,
March :3-tls. Administratrix.
NOTICE; .S
PiArih of Sabine. I
SMERICUS V. ('ARTER, ,Adnilistra- tl
A tor of th succession of larmno Car
ter, having tiled in this oflee his final
l acconut of administration, not lce is here
Shy given to all whoml it mat' conerll to 0
tile their o1)1)ositioIs t iherto in tell lays
otherwi.se the same will lhe Ihouhlogaited, j
n- This 20th March, 1I77, 1
R. W. DIBLEY,
er Clerk 1)ist. Court.
:t 'ý h' tV SAAS' flrflIri. withr Tar in;'
A* water-tight at
served for maii1
Grand Ecore Exi
Two gallons v
WAREHOUSE .feet of ,hind
WMI. FRENCH,' Proprietor. face, froin.tthi
SrFRENCH, Pro requirererd to
SAVINO ticlclished the bhtiness of anld althoughl
I" Chtamblhers & Barhiee a this point, it is easily ap
and ,lecured their services, ahd prepar- No Tar is ti
eil to store auni foirward lirhniptly, $t ,
( freights and edtttil edunsigtCdd to tay care. therefore, it
S ates of stortige hil future will be as nor rulls in S
d fh :On decayi
Fifteen Cents per barrel for freights. holes and pr
Thirty-five Cents per bhale ftr Cotton. stantial roo!
WM. FRENCH. Curled or w
March 24-tf. their places,
March _ __--tf. __ _ __ _ lilh up all 1
tilks -ill ald 1
THE NEW STAND. hks-anot '"il
of plying. As
Silack eont:l
ff , )5 roofs) is
or when first a
e On St. Denis Street: month to a
of- to all inteui
Finest Old COGNAC BRANDY, Purest
WHIISKIES, First-class WINES, Import- our red colo
ed and Domestic CIGARS and the coat is equn
Lager Beer EMPORIUM of the Cty. For
St. Louis and Milwaulkee creamy beer on our Bright
t"p. Drink and grow fat and never Paint ever
forget A. PERINI. ally ireven
Feb 24. tf and Iiscolo
Feb 24. tf These p:
. ----.. ' - ollt-ou110(:
Pictures ! coat iOi fins
the Our oult
re- Pictures! i right Re
Pictures ! ! Newo
or - 5 Gallons
the You cai have Three Card Pictures taken 10 "
for FIFTY CENTS, on St. Denis street, 20 «
)r. Natchitoches, La. l40
A. G. RIUDD, facture,
Photographer. following
ht, the grO 1000 rol
hm, Lo pold Cairtel, cents per
sentnOOihEE 1O
law, CO!'SE COQ8i Slate a{ib
said cents ner
Corner FRONT and HORN Streets. 2 110 oe
March 95- l Lunch free every day at 1 eni
- 24 cents 1
Sid . Mihael's Convent, ilrl
rýb" reready fyi
sh of OUFNDED IN- 1825.
out- :. 1e00 Bh$
acet- Under the Directioii of the Religions eo:
decd the Society of the Sacred licart. 1000 u
ST. JAMES PARISH. LA: Specin
1877, All orn
clong fHS Institution is pleasantly situated the mon
lonl. on the Mississippi River, about 60 well kilt
Tlown miles above New Orleans. The buildings N. . S
;m eats are spacious and well ventilstet. The 10
I of . ainm of the Religions conducting it, is to
E. L. secure to their pupils a thorough and ac
rt.east eUomplished ednucation. Simplicity ot
is be- dress is enforced by the rules. Their
me ac- health is the object of untiring solicitude; 1 We
e and, in sickness, they are affactionately public I
he in. and constanltly attended to. to furl
it town The scholastic -ear, which is divided cents a
into two sessidus of five mniciths "each, It wil
iamite gcomrmences on the first Wednesday of doors a
riceas- October. tnd terminates in the last week time of
t of the following July.. Tauzin
Cough- Terms for the Scholastic Year, rocur
its im- Payable in curre6it fuindS, dod always in Feb.
nampte, Advance:
ceeased, ýs F AI
ands of Entrance Fee, (but once) $6
s of B. Board, with tuition in English and
French 30
blesre- Washing 14
B. Books and Stationery - 14
Doctor's Fr 6
Summer Baths 80 111
Sv Use of Piani or ar30
inDrawing .
n Vacation eharge, (for Augustsd 45alA
3heiiff. September) . 5 y A
Pupils are admit ed at any time, and tont
clharged only from the dte of entrance.ultu
No dedtetion is mnde or a ppitil whon cult
may be withdratl before the expiration cr. C
t C ourt, of the 8estiou, nless it be on ccountT
of Natch ~ sickness.
a . No particular dress is fecfdired, x-. ig
No, 812. eept on Sundays and'Thirs ays, when
and sale blue Maeino i~ wof in ~Witer, and in Fis P
aembred summey, pink lawn, and occasionally FiPg
iv seized white Jacdnet tr Naisoolk; I
last and Each pupil should be provided with a F m
he Cour- blue,a white and ptnk dress; a white Fam
SNatchi- lain Bobbinetveili to and a half or Neou
three yards lodng;, ~icording to the size of N
, 177 the yong lCyct a bl la obbit cot
yeil, twele C hneso fpd a-metsenf , "'
t, to-wit: twelv6 patrs of h ,; a dozen and a half "
ther with or two dozen pocket handkerchiefs, eightF
rovemucftt large napkinS- eight towels, twelve eel- The
Ddred *id lars, six nigl ogwns, four pairs of shoes; tp
tutated on a foot tib, toilet box, work box, goblet, vob
bao River table-kntfe, fork and spoon; two pairs
, boulded ot 8lanket4, three, pairs of sheets, three Th
logiug to and a half yards long, two and a half .
Sinds of wide; a muequito-bar of white netting,*
iv la als of two yards long, the top to be five feet A
I, in front long, two and a half wide. All to be 1
dlistintly marked with the numuber' as
Pigrents wishing their childstr to be
f appraise- furnished with clothing, etc:, are ex
pected to deposit with the' T'reastkrer
BAT ES, funds for the purpose. Ur
Sheriff. Ppils a f every dennominrtion are re
. qnired to assist at the public exercises of u.
religion-no fortheV ilflitence is ever ex
ercised over thehe donvictions on this Hi
ainggahr. grave point.
. Visits are confitied, when practicable, Cl
h the HIon. to a b aays and Thursedili, d are to
~tchtoches, be made only by parenlt, guara ans a
suction, at near relati'es, unless xthen authorized
. Cunning- by ae ase ~rhe power to do so.
Epistolary correspotndence is subject to
Pprir, 1877, inse~ction.
iddeceased, eFor circalars and further particulars,
Iter engine, apply to' auiress t.he MOTHER 8U
o en PERIOR, 8t. 'ienhae Convent.
' onepi MR. P. POURSINE, 140 Gravier Street,
th ep New Orleans, or
MR .M H CARVER,!JNatchitMh , La.,
Agens May20-tfl r
LCE, --dealer in
I~ *aoO3~~ 35
S Protelt Your Buildings.
Which may e ltone with one-firttth the
usual ;.iense, by using outr
Patent Slate Paiiit
e (Fifeeni Years Est:ihlisliddi)
S MIlXtED REA)Y FOR USE.
Fire-prool, W\ater(prultft; 1)iurable,
Econotliot l! and Ornanient;l,.
_A rlioi'  iv he coveredl with a very
cheh Alinhi.,,, and by application of this
sliate be miade to laist fron 21) to 25 years.
Old roofs can lie patcheld anil iiat.ed,
looking much better and lasting longer
a- than new shingles without the slate, for
rOne-third the Cost of :e-shiniglinlg.
Th 'The expense of slating Ieil slhigles is
tonly illout the cost of simply layilngi
º them The paint is Fire-Proof against
d sparks or Ilying emblllers, as imay be easi
ly testedl lyi aniy onel!
It Stops Every Leak
and for tin or iron has no equal; , :i Crot
explands lbyv heat, Cnilltrcts lit cold, aiil
neveclr crackstr scald's, Rloots cots rewtilt ('eaten
with Tar rhacltllhiig,', FIt ifan he ,a1 IIc (
water-tight at a smuall expeliie, and lri'- iig Michices,
- sterveil for many year5. iliationll it iof l
This Slate Paint is exhibithiti, II
Extreniely (heapli The ihn~gcr 3
Two g:lllons will covetr a lindr square i'he very high
feet of shigle roo while tnll tin, iron, high
B felt, malltchlled bards, oh l alny omootlh sur- coi'ferred
face, frolnt,ttb quarts to one gallon are ANi
requirered to 10t0 squlare iet of surface, TWO Il
of and althlough the paint loIs a heavy body
nt, it is easily appliedll with a brush. AND TWO
r- No Ta is usedl in this tomposition
On decayed shingles, it fills nlp the
s. loles and pores, and give a new slll
1. stantial roof that will last for years.
Curo led or warped shingles it blrings to -half
their places, and keeps them there. It Oiei-half o
-ill upl all holes in felt roofs, stops tlhe Sol ill tlhe n
leaks-and alt hough a slow dryer, rain wliihic is st
iidoes not affect it a few hours after aill- rilitV ll\' e ask
Pilying. As nearly all ia ilnts that rAll we a:lsk
ilack e,onitlin Tar, be sure you olbtin fore plircsi
our genuine article, which (for shighl tei'ri, Lihie
roofs) is SINGFmS lof
Chocolate C0olor. tand otlerrd f
when first appli-d. changing in relutt ia solltc if the t
month toi a uniliorin state color, illnd is, panic- as ge
to all intents and purpos s Slate. On Apply td
irest `'i 1Roofs TIlE S1NG
port- our red color is usually prefirred, as one
e coat is equal to five of any ordinary paint. Or G. \'
tlty. For Brick Walls
or on our Bright Red is the only reliable Slate
never Paint ever introduced that will itlctu
i. ally irevent dampness front penetratinig orner F
alid diiscoloring the plaster. Corer l
These paints are also largely used on NAT(
out-houses an(t. fences, of as a priining
coat ill fine luhiildings: Tr EEPS
. Our only colors aiir Chocolate, Rled, i-clnll1
Bright Red, and Orange. GOODS, S
.New York Cash Price List. et'., colisi
F'ANC'Y G
5 Gallons, call and box $5 5 ENG I
taken 10 i keer 9 50 . 0
street, 20 " ha'f ibarrel 16 I 0
40 i tle barrl :10 00
We iate iti stock, of our own mann
facture, roofing materials, etc., at the
iber. following low prices:
1000 rolls extra Rubber Roofing, at 3
Le cents per square foot. (Or we will fur- OSNAlUU
nish 1tlibbewr Rooting, Nails, Caps, and CAS
Slate Paint for an entire new roof, at 4.
cnts net square foot.)
ts. 2 00 rolls 2 ply Tarred Roofing Felt,
ry day at lj cents per sllare foot.
31)00 rolls 3-ply Tarredil Rooling Felt, at
24 cents per squaii:re foot.
"200 rolls Tarred Sheathing, at 1 cent '
per square foot. PLANTI
5000 gallous tine Enanmel Paint, ilixed ARTI
ready f'r use, on inside or outside work,
"at $2 p. r gallon, all shades.
I1000 lBhls Slate Flour per lbi. $3 00
in o10i0 " Soapstonle Flour " 3 tk
ar1000 0 Grafton Mineral "I 3 00
10110 " Metallic l'Paint, dry " 3 30
Special prices per ton or car-lo:ul lots. NOTTOr
All orders mrust I e nccotripanih'l with IIA
situated the money, or subject to 30 dlays draft on
bolt 60 well known parties.
nildinga N. Y. SLATE PAINT COMPANY,, Also aI
< Th 102 & 104 Maideff Lane, N. Y, AF
liitude; 1 WOcrD notify any friends and tlile -
tioately plublic gencrally that I am now prlparedl F
to furnish tlihemi PURE milk at forty
a divided cents a gallon. The Ph
bs eacb, It will be biought tri thelicm at their cters ft
e ddny of doors and can also li rrdeired at any
ast week time of the daly by ssi ngi over to the
Taunzin place,.oppdsit0 town. J
Parties desiring to pbatronize ine can
par rocure tickets fron~1 qtie at any time.
asin Feb. 3 '?77: LEO NOGRENEAUX, has tak
a FARMERS AND PLANTERS
180 SiUl1f(SRIBE FOR I
- 1 6l lll 1111 on'
R15r FO TE TEEAR 77. j
30 it is the Leading and Oldest Week
l5 hy Agricultural paper in the South; n,
rtime, and contains everythilg of value suitable
to Southern Agriculture, such as the T h'
Sentrancewo culture of Cotton, Sugar, Rice, Tobac- W
exliration co. Corn, Wheat, Rye, Oats, Peas the
ceitonnt Grasses, Silk, Ramie, Moss, Potatoe,
d cont urnips, Cabbage, etc., etc.; the ramis 
i- ing ot all kindsofStock for the Solluth, ;'
ird, e tl culture of all kinds of Fruits, sth
tei a~nd in as Peaches, Pears, Apples, Ort.nges,
e, ca'sioully Figs. Lemons, Pineapp&le, JapianJ
y Plums, Grapes, Ponmegrl~aldtes, etc.,
rded with It contains a choioe departmnelnt for the
us; a white Famil Circle; gives a- ]tbN'ews in a
s; a whalf condensed form; giveS also the latest
" helsize of New Orleans Market Reports; and
Sthe bize of contains many alnble Receipes for
-ob enet. nte oin the Fari' ufid Plantatiou, as s
drm a hwell as ninny Useful Facts for the
c hed a hal t Family, the' ,tchen, or the Sick room.
thiefe, iglt The paper is printed from clear, new the
airs ofshoe; type, a d cohtain" slxtectt Ipiages of
brs f gb " be m.tter everY week. ' he 3th wl
tox, go plar volumi commeicei r Ja.uary,~ 1S77. tei
,two pais, three The bicrilti0Oi price ib $2.50 per ppl
eet s, thralf atr post-paid, $1.50 for 6 mounhis, or
I ait a nialtngf ,5 cet _for one month, in avance. -
Site feetting, Address -
SAll to be hir ilome Journal tud Ifrl oaKth
number'e lannd, NEW ORLEANS.
hf i to be' EXTENSIVE SELL OUT.
hhe' ereastlre T d -
Uncle Sam sold his contiuttiotil
stion are re- Fo l4 ,~iendments.
ii exercises of U. 8 Grant swapped Sam 'itlden
,ee is ever ex- For Hayes and Casey.
tions on this HayeOs ~ e pped Packard for NiCholls.
i Chamberlain sold his ta; collectors
S practicable, To Wade Hampton. Fu
l: ap a dre to Packard gave the State House as a don
ria s and ation lattis Cane to
an anthorized . Francis T. Nicholls.
0o so. Jaeob A., sold his etock of goods, wood- Y
e is subjeet to yard and ware house
business to Joseph N.
,er particnlars, Wolfson.
inEenSU In rerirng fromtn te trade I have been A
Iravier Street, in for the last 32 years, in this rish, 1
desire to eprees my thanks to ny friends
•thitohes, La., snrt eitstOmers and commend them to the
MaySLO-tf. noew firm wbo purhaose mo. o k and
May_0-_f.__ have tbll;, ~iilrtl+,ceqltlrOt s uIpply
their wants. VeryRespectfully\.,
A COB A. WOLtSON.
S Grappe's Bluff, March 5, 1877.
SlS -T Get your JOB PRINTI-M
- v La. lone'at; tMi V rOIdJTb0 Oflu-.
_ii
THE SIII 1(I-S'
For all dish~sai
arit I ICV E I
,fiunonsI;
Crowning Vid0etf ''T.i
rd hastai n. A!
nd 'The ('enttenial C onlmittee on Sew has alle
t ing Mil thIties, aftthr a t hooullgh exa nt ---tie n oi
inatilon of Ithe virious IMachinis ou ---tt e, wD
exhiblitidhi, have awardd1,,
The hlnfcr i3untuictftrinf Company I'rofess
The very highest Premiumn that couldl be La.
ur conferred alpon any Exhibitor MALA
ar AND CONSISTS OF You are at :
TWO MEI)ALs OF IONORI praise or Ooilr
AND TWO DIPLOMAS OF MERIT! y.u, and recc
FOR TEI the best preve
ionFOR TiEI in the world.
Say (a6 it I
the plantation ani
'ls. it" taken in ti
t) Yours &c,
1 One-haldf of all the Sewing Machines o
th Sold in tihe Year I75. were SIN(Il,'., (,,
rain whiclh is suflticienilt te iience of its Bullpe- hltor is
riority over all ithers. id. for 31
re All we, ask is to test 'TII S I'it he- . ehid 1n,
ti foire puirchasing any t1iher. Sold on easy this ste;
Llt terllts. Liberal discoullt ifor cash. t1ic seei
ijcewalre of illitaltioll Singers, and o0ld ]lS.I l,
SINGEIS p:laillte qver to liok like new, t'C
and otleredt fot aile liby the Canvassers of TI':STIION1I
nit a somne f the otlier Sewing Machine (!'iii- (PAlGllA..
l iis, aie~ s as gellinle New Singer Machines. Regunitor fo
Oin Apply to caused by
THlE 1SNER MIANIFACTUiRING CO., the liver, for
No. 91 CANAL ST''EET, wayvs when
s one NEW ORLEANS; LA. tious, with i
faint. Or G. W. ROBERTS. Cllnviasser, a good medit
At NATCI1IT'OCIIHE, LA. the liver--at.
Catingl JIIR\AU, --sonal explei,
Corner FRONT A\D CIIURCII Streetn, Si
scl on NATCHITOCHES, LA. testel)
iing - testel i
lTEEPS CONSTANTLY on hand__ a know
11e, colmpllete assortetlillt if I)!{Y neas ; a
GOODS, SHIOES, HATS. CtO'fllIG it is tie
ietc., )onsisting in part of i other r
'FANCY G()OODS, .ver
ENGIISHI ANDl AMERICAN ,, gi M
1•0 YlPRINTrS lIBEACIHEI ) ANi lief; hi
:0 (III) IIROWN COTTONS, relieiev
, 01- LINEN LAWNS. En. 'IT
at te COT'I'ONADI)E
at tCKINGS, Hivin
, t 3 PLAII) years of
ill fur- 0Sltock, j ant
Ci S SI irERINI G S, with them
iS, s 111 CASSIIlERES iae at greil
t LACK GOODS, of your UtI
RIBBIONS, diseases I
g1 Felt0, 118,1 LINENS, in one 1
FWHITE (iOl)S cure illn c'
FIOStI{tRY, tried to
Scent rf'riimminga of all Kind, praise. I
PLANTERS' LINENS. Augusta,
, rixed ARTIFICIAL FLOWERS, of Horse.
Le work, HOcKIt , Y 24th, 17
AND Gni
- 3t4 CIIINA WARE, & C. l
1 I0 FRENCH
3 60BLACKING Sit
i:ullits. NOTIONS,
i it IIA'tS, Fal
draft on SIHOES AND
CLOTHING. FOR G.
NY,. Also a fll line of (Itntlenn'g WVear. AILEX
A FULL ASSORTMllIENT
OF
OLADIES' IHAT;S.
FP All the above at bottom 'rices.
and tile ----------__
p ptealred FROM HER ASIES.
The Phouix 11has put Ol new life and now Sixo
It thair caters for public f avors.
I at the EAO
WJ Varren Sttdda 1t L
NEAUX , has taken charge aid DAN 1noW dispenses
the choicest
BRANDIES,
NTERS WHISKIE R
CIG aRS,
O e.
RICH ST. LOUIS BEER ON DRAFT.
SLIM Dou't forget, ye tlhirty, the PtsoI
r on St. Denis Street:
Feb. 24.1y
, o.. IPLiNTER't RIEFO1.I I- NI
itablTle Iq |
hans the Thr cosCt di~r Al steamers rpet
i, TobaIC- ti n
PeAa the ti"'t Ii
, e South  J. B. Kinney, Master. The B
o 0g:w . W. DUGAN, C
eSt, etc., coni
at for the A. 0, O..wAl, Master;
News in a
the Iatest FANNIE TATUMI,
orts; and
eeipeps for b3o, W.: ELWKLL, Master.
tationi, as.
ii k hoom \,ILL nn regliuTalIy ill e ew ()r
lear , new leans and Shrevoport trade durIng
ige gs ofe the entire season. Particular attention BRC
The e oth wi bl, ph id t. .,l business entrusted to
ar, 177. their cre. orFreight or P~ssage,
22. 0 p er applj U J. #. SUDDATH, Agent. LAI
monlhs, or De. 9.--3S5.
avanc GOOD READING !
Suth- AA Know It t! All Like'It ! O
L O OT.
,idien Detroit Pree Press,
m~.'mndmenti . me
:e and Casey. till Brigiter and Better for C
r riiholls. 1877"
i epton. Falif of Witlulinor-Pathos - Sketch
use as a don- ---Goip'-FaRSionI ncident
I'tr i C 4 to NeWi--Home and Fereign
;'': Nihholls. Letters.
of ood s , wood- You will enjoy it better than any otlier
nddware house nwspaIper.
n. "HOW HE WAS TE T ."
de I have been Athrillin continnel St6ry, written for
n this parish, l The IREIE. PRESS, by "Elzey
ke to my friends Hay" (Fanny Andrews the
end them to the not- ' shtnthern writer
my tock and iHll be a featilre
irs (iD supply of 1577.
Reppectfully, , e
A. WOLISON. WEOILLY, post paid, b2,00 per aurnnum
5, 1877.
p I In I mad ~ Ug up you iist, start with the
B PRI TIIG Detroit Free Press.
va,. n O fio• TIrE POST MASTER.Ii AG"T, FOIRIT'
TAKE
IIAIiII\s' IM\E iEGCiLATOR
For all disjases of the Liver, Stomach!
nod Spleen:
VIliLI CtuiE ii:PEPSIA.
1 Ml'ST OWN that your
filimmonsll Liver Regulator fully
I deserves the popularity it has at
tawined. As a family medicine it
has no equal. It cured tmy wife of
a Idmaly 1 had counted icurable
---that wltshine of our Anierieiad
S "people, i)yslelsi. .
A. E. P. ALI1ilk:
(l Profssfrt in Nicholas Pullio
db school, Palrish of' ei;eiebhotino
La.
MALARIOUS FEVERS,
You are at liberty, to uat; my hiatne lii
Spraise of tour iegtiator ii prielared by
S! oll, and recolnnlt'lid it t,) eVery' one als
the best prevewytive for IPever and Ague
in the world. I plant in Soitthwesterit
S G(eorelia netir Albany, Georgia, and muist
say lin it hleas done more good on mny
pl~ ntation aliong n*groes than any mnll
icine 1 ever used ; it anpersedes Quinine
if taken ill time.
Yours &.c, lios. i. H. lilr.;:. 4t
SC1lfh iiEtl !-Your Reg
upet- llator is superior to any other'rome
i ry for Malarial Diseases among
easy children, and it has a large sale iut
tlhis section of (horgiai--W. M:
Id old RI's ., Albany:. (; :
new, t'ONSTIPATION,
'rs of 'l'sTlMoNY OF TImE CtIEF JUSTICP. O0
('o01- GIoluilA.--I have used Simmons' Liver
hinesl Regniator for consitiipaiol of miy bowels,.
catused by a temporary dijlrrigehilent of
CO., the liver, for the last three years, and al;
LA ways when used ac ording to the direeo
LA. t.ions, with dtleehed benefti; I tliiuk it i.
r, a good niedicitie for lthe deiailgemient of
LAa. the liver--at. lef such htls been lmy per:
Ssonal dxpefience in the us of it..
Hi tRAM WARNEiR.
thilef jitisice of Georgia,
ets, SICK hlEA)ACHE,
S E)ITORIAL,--We baye
tested its virtues iersonil , iill
and a know that for tIS~lepsia, Biloio:
I) ness ; anld Thibbinig lHedalche,
it is the lbest medicin~ the world
e1vei Raw. We have tried forty
other rehiedies before 8immona'
Liver lieglttlfor, bult none of theit
AN g aV uls inore than teiisporary re
) ANI lief; but the legilator not only
is, relieyd, bIllt (iircd u"1.
NS. Eln. 'I'ELRAlHtl'lI ANiY iA:ISNGER,
AI)E MIacon, tiGa
(ING, iHaving had diuring the last twenity
PLAID years of my life ip aittend to Racing
Stock, and ihavingl had .n miich troublea
with thenm with Colic, Grti'is, &c., gave
Iue a great dena of trotuble ; having heard
of your Riegiilator is it cure for the above
diseases I co.l'tuded to try it, after try
S ing one Package in Matsh I found it td
(;,OI)S cure in every iistance, it is only to bi
SIERYI, tried to prove what .1 have saild in itd
praise. I can send you Certificates from
Augusta, Clinton & Macon, as to the curn,
of Horse.
.UEOROR WAYM AN; acbarst ·a J y
24th, 1~75.
Geluiiue piepared only by J. H. Zoileia
.& CU. Phladelphia, Pa.
{i -- -- --- ---'
ACKING g3inn ott'ig Jille;
Fall antd Winter Arrangement,
FOR GRAND ECOiRE, MONTCOoMERY:
ea. ALEXANI)IIA, PINEVILLE NOitMN'5
r BARIBIN'Si FORt' DEITS8Y,
s' uAP LAll iy L rngE;
S' II AT. Pt Al Magtificeh aul faa*
- running pasotuger packet
ES. BART AIiE !
XIImsr.Tox,
Ce and now sixSor, Miter, WI'r, Clerke
SEA'ES CGrand c dre ysiti~vely.e e ry
TIUsDA.Y at 12 M. onboard oto
For freight of ft ui gESS, Agent
d ispeUses "arcb,- ---tfl.
m. I. 0AIVERa,
GUS, WFRONT STREET,
,&e. Natehitechb, La.
,o Ptix 1o' the 1ALL and WI -
TER trade.
=-NEW GOoDS
LEl New Goods! i
Iteelmers rIfH eiile stock i better iand mnora
I lebe, tdltan atny every introduel intd
thli market, and h'ian en purll
. with CASH," ed* bM ilOftT?#liar Ithe'
lowest.
tter. The Motto of the Firm is to sell
CHEAPER THAN THE CHEAPEST.
- Call and examihle olmt stork, whie$
.ter; consiste hY patt 6f
CAsslfttRE;
JEkANS
asster. TWEEDS,
KERSEY8,
tie New Or- PRINS S,
,lar attention BROWn & BIEACF E e OTTONS,
a entr tstedl to LOWLLS'
AHH, A gent.a LADIES' D;iESt G'O6)8, .
'I'AIMMINGS,
G BLANKETS"
Woolen Goods of all kild.
1 Like'It i BOOTS,
SHOES,
LADIESf sind GEW 'iS. TATi
CPress. Clothing, a full ead Complete Assort
ment.
Beter for Crockery, t1o o' & Wil
1ew Ware.
i tncide nt-- A full liiid of FANCY ariil f'AMILY
1Fereign GROCERIIES, WINES, LIQUORS, &C.*
tltan any oalintr Bboks, Stationary, &c., &c.
rr In fact
_" A FRESHI and select stock of goods alwa35'
aon hand, which baving ben puriehaRed id'
tdry, r written for :eash basis enables us to otter extra ibdnce-"
, by "Elzey mentsto eash bnyCuit.
drews the Itighest cash price paid for cottoii itllI other'
i wriwer produce, and liberal advanes male in eash'
taitre morchliandise on oonsighhi it
o rMarch -il-v.
)*,20 per an-um *illsil' ARDEN
it, start with the i IJLL supply will be on Ihandsoon ;
S ' aso onion sets and early ri¶,. ~ itaic "'
. ... ...IT F '...l' i , P *, il n' S i·C l_DICHFU'll,