- i--- _--- _ .
jý. H. 1.dCO lntcY', . - Editor.
I I !7 1a77.
r'gtWl i'iIrlat ion
Of any Country paper in
the State.
Rates of ubucripticn.
I ine Ylar.. . . .. .......-- .-- ' 1 "
No sn.ibs4ription taken for lhss than 6 1
months.
-lv rtlisnll ull nts in~. rltd ;rt tle rat of
"O. 1,.t" , 1a 1t1r til't inser'tion;
; e 7ets for encl slbsqinlt o01e.
Tel| lins or l. "+,, ,i, ir, ir eo sti
t1 , ta tl l;!u", rtc or ; hum 1 1 d word(.
.Jl dihitl Advvtrti.t'wimnts ()ºº )ollar
r ntnldrtd w;orlds, (sqlnart) lirt instr
* ,,, 5it tunts for arcih slllstleu t intser
i . Pl:ivalºle illn ldv:ncl .
.ll Trin'it~e:tilt A1dvertisentits k a}"a
.h in advance', ntd all Advertiseetni ts
or a less time than 6 llontths, are Tran
ý'itunt.
tH eular Advertisoemnents laable quar
A1vertiserst in the Northern Cities
*,u'r apply to our Ageiits for terms and
.t:rtrarts, for no attention will be paid
it applications to as In person from that
4' ction.
AGENTS.
SA11l ortl'rs for \dv rtiisng iuist be
SontltrCtetd with OnrA\ge-lts.
No attention paid to propo.itions ex
.lt from t lhlm.
(G. P'. Rowell . *'('o., New York.
S. I. 'Pettengill &. ('o.,
Ayer & Son, Philadelphia, Penn.
Edlwin Alen, Cinjinjatti, Ohio.
E. Fre~hmi.an & iBro., "
Chandler, Lord & ('o, C('hiego. Ill.
Rowell & Chesinmml, St. Louis, Mo.
W. W. Sharp & Co.,2 P':,)rk Row, N. Y.
Thos. Melctyer, New Orleans, La.
J. C'urtis Wahlo, "
J. .LEMW
SHREV PDRT. LA.
Col. Wm. M. Levy. RclIrn
and'
Our friends of the Shreveport Times lic
speak regret(illy of the failure of this treat
i:istrict to return Col. Win. M. Levy Ti
to Congress. We have thought s, aboli
:always and have so expressed our- req
selves. Be that, however, as it may' unde
.Judge Elam was the choice of the ors a
maljority of the district and will no thes
d:oubt reflect credit upon his consti- War
taency. pete
Col. Levy's talents should not, how
Sver, be lost to this State ; they are tie
too valaable at this as at all times, Ti
;ind his people must call him to the fion'
front. lenil
There is na position which Col. Levy sem
can grace and in which he can do tiler
credit to his seetion and State and sore
that is in the United States Senate. T
North Louisiana should have a re- this
presentative in the Senate, that fact ed I
is admitted by all. Mr. Eustis has will
been elected from New Orleans and clat
we know of no one who would or
could represent us of North Loniu
.ina as well"as the entire State better
than Col. Levy.
We ask our friends of the Shreve- tro
port Times to join us in this request her
of our ,ene al Assembly and if they ish
desire to do the right thing for as of thi
the country in particular and the pr'
state in general, they will certainly ti
elect Mr. Levy to the United States exi
"enate where he can be useful to his pa"
state and people. the
A SQUARE MEAL FOR FIFTY
CENTS at Burdick's Boarding House. Ila
 --..., b s -.4 - eRm,
"A prominent Repullican in Con- tih
,:ress" has given out that the "Demo- th
-rants of the North never did, notr 1
never will fight." sq
All that is wanted of the "Not th- th
,lrn Democrats" in the next battle for I,
'onstitutional liberty, is, for themt to a
hold off the "Irish and Dutch," and at
we are well acquainted with a section g,
of country that will whip the "North- l
ern Republicans" out of their boots p
in six months. fi
- - t
We notice the death of Mr. M. T. p
Yard, in our city exchanges. Per
haps that is the melancholy fate of
one in our city, and from the way it
smells, death most have occurred
:ome time since.
The American Agriculturist has an t
article about "Pitcher Plants." We f
aw a small hboy plant a pitcher-of
milk on the frozen ground last week,
ind not a drop came up. The boy
I e "came up" right smartly ; so we
learn.
Dr. Deems, of New York, only got I
f32O,000 by Vanderbuilt's will. IIe
deems it a very small amount. If he i
don't want it let us suggest the man
r aho does.
Dr. C. D. Foote is at candidate for
Ihel Senate iu Ohio. Up to last ac
.culnt Foote had the race all to him
self, no one having ed i man who
could beat him.
Jim Casey says, tlhat "no one ini
LouuisiItu supports Packard or his
G.overument, except thieves and
lharf mats." Jim Casey being broth
r.iin-law to the President, should
n.uow, and we beg to refer his evi
,,,.ce to the Breda gange as contain
* ,'g much "'solid eomfourt"-for honest
,,pith e.
RIeform Legislation.
While onr legislatols are busily en- If firt
gaged in refor,: ing the abuses of the prove tl
legislatin of the past eight. years cal maoel
they shihi not oeltook tlhe fact, sustain
that whiile the rediction of salaries support
which are onealled for and exhorbi- Packard
tant as well as the, abolishing of all role of
lsupe tluOns and useless offices is im- conVinc
ipeitivcTy demanded the fees and llaviI
salaities of such as are required should of uni'
not ie rid need below a fair figule of legislati
eomlpeiication in order to seRIre the defeat i
services to the State of competent as a rid
a nd eflicien, t officers that a
owIllwver, of this class, reducntions open 1n
from present prices can he itdulged c(elds tr
in a ithiit detremnent to the civil sr. sident
vice, to a great extent. -5t1,0'0i alone fact, th
can be saved annually to the tax-pay- and1 e0
or by reducing salaries of parish jiil-i much p
ges to the nmipiniuin required by the cal sup
r constitution, .1 1'0 per year. The overaw
extra fees of State otlicers, supreme who hl
and disth ict judges-the fees. of pa- ger by
ish ofllei( s, can all he reduced amaxz- Maine.
ingly and without harm being done Phili
in the execution of law or securing solIer,
the service of competent public ser- logg tr
vants. to "re(
Perhaps a million dollars or more Packai
can be saved by these proper steps. on the
The school system of the State as Pacl
now officered presents to the public a Goveri
noble array of useless fingers in the sifbire
c public pie. In this department and s%1
sweeping changes can he made and follow'
- thousands of dollars saved. forici
In our advocacy of a free publie Sad
school system, we contend that all is, to t
salaried officers in the State connect his fel
ed tlhelewith should be abolished save such
the '"State Surwrintendent of Pnhlic peophI
Education" and no one should receive witneu
the benefit in the way of salaries from Thi
the school fond of the State save a new
that officer and the teachers. Div. Th(
ision and county school directors un- abanld
der salary are hunmbugs and but oth. is left
er names for "Grab" and should be jure C
lapped off. of lii
The conduct of schools in the par- turnai
ish shounld e left to men of education stand
and public spirit, who are thoroughll!y electi
and radically in faror of a free public u957.
school syostem, who will he found ready ThI
and willing to give time to this pub be Gi
hs lie duty free of cost becanse of its acts
great public benefit and utility. nize 1
. The office of tax col ector should be to tl
so abolished and the collection of taxes when
required of the sheriff of the parishes Pack
' under fair compensation. Police jnr- Ti
the ors are a fifth wheel, the duties of be a(
no these officers should be required of that
Ward Magistrates who are more com- ed ui
petent to attend the wants of their tion
Speople and know tli m better, than to ti
are the average run of police jnrymen. falls
lCS' This pruning of useless branches ceivi
the from the civil service are within the is ju
legitiimate scope of the General As- clart
ev sembly, and nothing should detero t
do them from "putting the knife to the le (1
n sore and cutting it out." r
C The pleople confidently expects all prol
re- this and more from themn; should need- L
fcted reforms not lie had, then there littl
has will be sad disappointment among all vex
and classes. hist
or a*--------t
nuis The Police Juries. nni
eter -
Senator Taxada, of Rapides, has in
eve- trodaced a bill to illncrease the num- 0u
i est her of police jurymen in his own par- son
hey ish. We commend the Senator for fan
a of this action, but would suggest the lite
d the propriety of more sweeping legisla- sk
inly tion foir these barnacles. As they now It
ttes exist the police julies of the several str
p his arislhes of this State are stnpendious pa
frauds and their legislation has cost me
the people millions of dollars. set
FTY Since tile enactment of the present in
onse. law, which was done in the first in- --1
stance to give control to the rings of I
Con- the financia affalirs of the parishles, pi
)eo- this parishi has been robbed of at least cli
(no1 $150,000, and had not there been an an
uprising it is not to be doubted that e
ot- that sum would have been doubled. th
te for In view of past experience, and with m
lm to a view to cut off all useless offices
,"and and olfficials, we wonld beg to sug- I(
etio I gest that the lIon. Senator frame a iz
ortl- hill abolishing the police juries and d
boots placing the conduct of parochial af- n
fairs in the hands of tile justices of o
the peace of each ward in the several -
M. T. parishes of the State.
Per- pt
fte of TIhe .f agistrates are generally men
of character and representati'e cit
curred izens, as well as far more comnpetent
than the average police jurymen, t
The saving of expense would be great t
ann to the parishes by this law while af
" We fairs would he managed with a view
e ir-of solely for public good. We submit
t week, these suggestioinsto Senator Texada I
bo and trust he will give the matter a
so we thounght.
-Many of the leading Republicans
ly got here voted for Tilden and Nicholls a
1. ie they did for Greely and McEnery'
If lie in 1872 ; such, however, as voted for
L e man IIves and Packard stick out to the
latter fraud, except the elected clerk
-of the court and sheriff, so we under
ttefor stand. We are informed that both
last c- of these officials recognize the Niclh
o hIiioils government in all its purity. The
Iwho Bonllt family, it is rumored, take
strong ground for Nicholls and the
o 1e ini "ihigh flying" radicals of the sap
or his head order, such as Ezernack, Sim
e and mons and Breda are the only ones
Sbroth- left to "hold the fort" f. r Packard.
should Breda's return gives consolation to
i evi these fellows, at least in "symopathe
cotain- tic gab" and they can now talk of whlat
i onest "might have been" if the Returning
Board steal bad succeeded.
Packard and. 1iayeE.
If further evidence was wanting to Electe
prove the utter inability of the Radi- from thi
cal machine--Governments Sontli to nal recei
sustaint themselves w ithoit federal his two
support, the last act in the farce of dred or
Packard's attempt to continue the known
role of usurper onght certainly to be in futtri
convincing. him, eitl
Having gone through all the forms bound ii
of unwarranted and uncontstutional indepet
legisilation, after an ove whelining hItutie.
defeat at the polls. he sets himself ip work 11i
as a ruler, with abolnt the same gusto hollow n
that a corner gi een grocer wo;tld was fore
open iusim ss. and itmmediately pro- cal, an
e,'ds to call the attention ,of the Pre- placed a
sident of the Unitedi States to the on l has
f;et, that he was open for business, decency
and woul in the meantime he very ter dwe
much plehased to receive such physi- Packarm
cal support as lie might require to to the ?
overawe a lot of mutinous taxpayers this act
who objected to leinig plunhdered lon- siis he
ger by the astute Stateisman from given.
Maine. The i
Philip drunk appealed to Philip a bomb
sober, andl Grant with the whole Kel- here.
nlogg troubl efe before him hastened tnot Packari
to ''recognize"-the appealing calls of and tot
SPackard's loya!l pretenders, w hereup- went at
on the thiing collapsed. ncr see
s Packard wanders forth an embryo and whi
a Governor-one whose flower was not Thes
SsuffI'red to bloom and whose power at the
t and sweetness was nipped in the bud, by the
Ii followed by a gang of would lie re- fection
formers. a Radir
e Sad as this may be, and no doubt bottle,
is, to the loyal heart of Packard and society
his fellow conspirators, it has caused thing
'e such general rejoicing amnog the est evr
ic people as have been seldom befole Barror
'eitnessed. te hi
n This new departure of Grant's pats dirtyn
e a new face on the National question. learn i
V- The majority for Nicholls. who, the Bluni
n- abandonment of the field by Packard, tion a
Ii- is left as undisputed def~Cto and tle- Ezetni
Ie jure Governor of this State, by reas.on reda
of his election by the people the Re inr-rol
r- turingl Board to the contrary ,nottrith and i
n standing, was 801o, twhile at the same conce
lI election the majority Tr i 'Mr. Tilden Cur
lie 8957. againe
c Therefote, if Nicholls is entitled to count
b be Governor, and heo is by the very leavit
its acts of the Republicans who recog- and Ii
nize him, what claim can Hayes have it, wl
be to the electoral vote of the State, they
acs when his vote was much smaller than -
res Packard's.
ir- The Returning Board count cannot
Ef be accepted for Hayes, from the fact
of that the very Republicans who back- H
m- ed up its ruling, now repudiate its ac- H
eir tion ; hence the whole claimn of H-ayes f
tln to the electoral vote of this State
only
falls to the ground. Tilden nlist re- tail
lies ceive the vote of Louisiana, which hie "'i
the is justly entitled to, and will be de- the i
As- clared President of the United States the t
er on tile 14th of next monthli, and will icia
the he duly inaugurated on the 4th of voe
March, Grant and his co-conspirators the
all protesltations notwithstandinig. tn
ed- Lonisiana can assume to herself no s li
er e little honor in thle settlement of this eln
;all vexed questilon, and we feel assured seu
history will record the gallantry, loy- ttll
alty and forbearance of her citizens ate
under tile most trying ordeals. a
in- We have received tile Janulary aid
um- number of LEISURE HOURS a ihand
r- some nmammoth 16 page (64 columiiins) d
fior flmily paper, tilled with the chloicest the
tie literature-serial and short stori-es, all
sla- sketches, lpoetry, wit, humori, &c., &c.
ion It is entertaiinng, amusig and in- tor
eral structive, and is olne of tile cheapest the
ions papers--the amount and quality of sel
cost matter considered--that we halve bo
seen. The price is $ 1.20 per year, Inc
Rent including as premium a genuine fine of
tin- --line steel engraving, called " The SnI
is of Mitherless Bairn," printed on 22x 28 bT
lies, plate paper, whichl the publishers ,
east claim is superior in point of meri thm
San and attractiveness to any premimnt e
that ever offered by any other paper in
led. this country, and is alone worth thi ti
with money asked for both. r
ofices The publishers, J. L. Patten & Co.,
o sug- 162 William St., New York, author- to
me a ize us to say, that in order to intro- ui
Sand duce the paper in this vicinity they qI
a! af- make a special offer to every one of '6
es of our readers to send them the paper D
eeral -a " trial tripl" of four months, ai
post-paid, conmmencing with the l
m en January numnber---fior 25 cents
Scit- Our readers who avail themselves 4
ttent of this offer will, we feel certain, ti
en thank us for having called their at- a
g geat tetntion to it. The piublishers of
it afLEISURE HOURS e
view Pitkin telegraphs Packard thalint the
ubbnit bottom is out of both Hayes and the
[xeda Packard "grab fior office."
ttter a -
They are exporting donkeys from
England to this country. We thought
licans sometlhing of tlhat kind was going on,
Iolls a from tile fact that one of a cargo has
Enery escalped, and is running the Shereve
td for port Telegramn. "Here's your mule,
tot he tnister !"
i cler r SrnTros.-Sll8igt pain in the side,
nder- tile skin and eyes assume a thick yel
i oth low coat, digeston is impaired, an un
iich- pleasant sinking sensation at the pit
of the stomach is experienced, the
. y The bowles are irregular, the mind fretful,
,take the memory weakened, sometimes a
d the elight cough, coldness of thie hands
and feet, sometimes loss of appetite
lEp- and at others unatural craving for
, Sim- food, dizziness of the head, depressed
Sones spirits, feeling of uncertainty, of Ilav
itug left something undone, but can't
tell what it is. Take Simmons' Liver
tion to Regulator, it will remove all unpleas
pathe- nt feelings and make you well.
offwhat -
turnig P Get your JOB PRIS T[IG
lOitC at the VINDICATOR Office.
L. G. Barron, TEI
to Elected upon the Radical ticket
i- from tils parish, the above itnldivid- plindeto
to ;al received less votes than eitlher of vice stat
al his two negro colleagues, some hn e n- fle be
of dred or so we leieve. llitherto and also
he known to fame, and likely to be so at as the
he in future, we had heard nothing of
him, either good or bad, until his the two
In that
na bound into the political arena as an cured.
Ial independent candidate for the Leis- change
ig iatme. This. however, wouldl not
lp work with Botili, who held in the lv the t
ito hollow of his haInd the party, and he,
tld 1 as forced out as a full-fldged ;lli- aebe:
o- cal, and upon their ticket lihe was (.. I
re- placed as the reguflar nominee. Ba to.
he on has shown that he h as not lost 'esi
ss, decency h. his associations, and af
rV ter dwelliing a time in tle tents of the i str
i- Packard hosts hle silently went over hill an
to to the Nicholls legal Assenmhly. For to SigI
ers this act he deserves credit, and his HAu s.
n- sins being small are no doubt for
lA se,
om1 given.
The news of hiis defection fell like ss
ilip a lomb in the ranks of the faithful the a' l
lel- here. Simmons declared that the State I
not Packard Government had weakened Vice-Pr
s of and tookl to bed sick. The others.
up- went around in a dazed kind of man- Grait
ncr seeking such consolation as Breda stances
n do and whiskey could afford. ernitel
not These people are more astonished ional
wer at the act of decency than outraged Republ
md, by the treason, as they call this de- bill all
re- fiction, for it is a mark of wonder for 51
a Radical seared on the Blunt pap- J II. C
tut bottle, and educated in the vulgar No n'
and society of the Breda Judge, to do a Grant
ised thing that looks like right and hon- C(oittii
the est even. I]ence the "row in camp." It is
fote Barron had listened to the lascivious that tl
te:nlhings of Radical rascality, anud itina
puts dirtyness, but Barron would not
tion. learn it.
, the Blunt and Breda could and did, peti- `il
:ard, tion a lie to the Returning Board, and
1 de- Ezetnack, Sinmous, and '"the other"
is90 Breda, would and did swear to it- his le
e- IlBnrron, lhowever, proceeded to kirk, Joe i}
with and the botton is now ouIt of the every
same concern in Natclhitoches parish. surd
'ldeu Curses. load and deep, are uttered well a
against Barron for going over to
ed to country, right, ,lustice and virtue and L. I
very leaving the sweet society of a Blunt men u
acog- and his train, but Barron can stand I1It1
have it, when we assure himi how harmless comupl
state, they are. par e.
than - w - -- oi F
The Electoral Bill. town.
Innoft We have before us the electoral EIs
rack- bill as recommeuded by the two prosp
House-Conmittces of Conferance. 'The
Iavec- The following is the substance of sonal
State the famous document, and we have Pipet
at re- only to add that it is another moun- of ne
tain thlt delivered a mouse: can a
'i'The bill ignores the question of Liter
be de- the Vice-Presidetit!s rights, and by
States the nature of it assnlumes that that of- i"l I
d will ficial caiinot count and declare the s T1
ith of e first sectiin of thie bill is about Tl
irators thle same as thie :irst section of Mor- oug
ton's bill of last winter, and is, in
self no sitlitance, as follows e:
of this This section privides for the as- fres
sembling of the eonventiin on the Loui
ssued econd Wednesday of Fcbrlnary. One flci
y, loy- teller shalll be appointed by the Sen
itizets ;ate and two by d e ouse, to whom l
are to be Ihanded the certilicates as \oi
they are opened. Thlie tellers readl A
nary aniid mtake a list ot three votes in tIe tl t
an- presence of the two Ilouses. This
haviing been dotne, the result is han- ad'
,iiun) ded to the President, who declarues in t
hiicest the result. If, upon readiniig the votes tion
stoties, any objection is raised, whlere there
c.,c. are two sets of retallns, these returns
are referred to the board of arbitra.- to I
it ind tors where objection is miade, andt if our
hiapest there is only one return the IIHouses dt
ality of separate and decide as iheretefiore.
The second article provuides folr a c
have bo:ard of arbitration comllised of five
er year, members of the Senate, live nmembers
ine fine of tihe House and five memiubers of the
SThe Supreme Bench, longest in service. lia
The idea of dropping any. oiie of these
Sby lot hais been discarded, because it
blislers was exceedingly distateful to mauny of
ofmeni the committee. To this boardl all to
eases were there are two sets of re
Sturns are to be reterred.
Tper in The report of this board of arbitra- ex
ortl th tion will not be final, but it catinot be CnCo
rejected except by the concurrent ac- o
tion of the two houses. In the meet- Ill
o ings of this board the senior justice is ll
author-to preside, the duty thus devolving Co
t ointro- upon Justice Clifford. The only ti
iity they question remniniig to be agreed uponlu
is the number of justices, as of the
one ofive, Clifford, DI)avis and Felds are
ie paper Democrats, while Swayne and Miller Co
ionths, are Rlepublicans. By making the f
vith the number six, Strong, a Republican, e
ts s would be added. There is the barest e
possibility that this one point may t
e nselves defeat the bill. This board of arbitra
certain tion is to take testimony the same as W
t teir at- a Congressional committee, but as o'
lishers of all the testimony that would be need a
ed is now in, no time would be wasted. p
1 that the List of Arrivals at Prinhipal lo0.els s
BulrdickLs Honse.
;eys from -
S.B. Hill, Shreveport, La
togt Chas. V. Right, Shreveport, La. i
gooitg on, N. A. Peters, Sabine, La. h
nr rgo has L. Charulevillh, Parish. g
S iereve- V. S. Benoist, "
our tule, Louis Marks, St. Maurice, La. e
James Hill, Parish. I
Louis Raphael, Campte, La. a
e side, Louis Prudhomnme, Parish.
Sth sidel- James Cravens, Gansville, Tex. t
thick ya unl- Win. S. Pitt, Dallas, Tex. (
d, e piun- A. Hanna, New Orleans, La.
cat the it E. P. Shuke, " "
dfdretful, Pat O'Brien " "
n netimes a E. G. Wigginton, Louisville, Ky.
tle huds R. P, Hutson, City.
L. P. Levin, Alexandria, La.
Sappetiter John J. McCaiu. Montgomery, La.
raaing for E. J. Cocklield, Parish.
,deprsfed es . Boult z, Sabine, La.
y, of hav Richard Bird, Grant, La.
n b bt can't Dr. Harrison, " '"
ton' Liver Henderson Smith, Woodville, Miss.
well. __
IDax LEwIS and hlier toupe will per
"LTIMG form to-night at the Firemen's Hall.
Ofie. i We bespeakL for them a full house.
,EL[Inii l srlu. o al Ca
!---- Juno C
Spiwial to Vinlldic'atlor. York. 1
linden, Jan. 23. -Washington ad- well.
vices state tha:t tranit will inot intller -
f'ere before the Ist February if at all ;
and also thait the conilpro:lise arrivedl tle, ovel
at by the Counference ('ollnittees of sit; in th
the two lolses will become a law. elect Jai
In that event Tilden's election is se.- si
cured. St. Louis Merchant's Ex- ator we
change yesterdayl adoptIed reol itions tls
strongly ri(: CO l lineiil i its il 'llli n wrc'ked
iby the lie Houses. if e
Packard's IIouse soaite'l fire n!v it r dn I
nenibhers yesterdiay sunliject to con- lie loi
test. Kellog.g has gone to \\Wahing- i f'r
If Li
toin. smrche
President Gralint is repiortedl as hie- 1s rclie
iug strongly in favor of lthe electoiral gl
Ihill iand exiC s .es his determination i ll of
to sign, i it if it slhoiuld pas ea i 1i( ro hp
[lulluse.
AI Tallhhassee dipatich says, The UIId hl
oliuse, under suspnllilili of tlhe rules cliin\i"
, passed anii act to declare and retalulize acl
Sthe aplointnlieit of electors lbythe and la
e State of Florida for President and that Ol
d Vice- Pr'esiden t. pte
. LA.i:sr-Wlasiiniigton, Jan. 22.- for this
C .Grallt says that uniiider niio cilrcutll- l(
stances will Ihe recoignlize either go'r e
erminlent in louisiana until Congrss- d ri
i iil ('onmiiittees ieptort. Extr e in-law
d Republicans iin discussion electoral was the
. bill approve its passage.
Or Shreveport, La. Jan 25, 177. in the
- J II. Cosgrove, Ed. Vindicator :
r No new developllent; in New Or
loans. Indlications are strollg that
Grant will not intieferie until thie l t thi
- C'oluniiittees have made tleir repoit. dastaii
." It is thought more than prolbable
s that tihe electoral bill will pass both
nillonsas of Congress, and Grant has
intitiated that he will not veto it. Iec(
lot A. D). BATTLE.
- - fll(
ti- SPECIAL USl
Warrest
J. C. KEYSER advertises the fact of to hetl
his lieing on handlii for brick-woik. She
Joe is a trump lnd the friend of suspel
every onie and the public can rest as- rfui
sulrell they will have their work done ilw a
well and cheap.ld
to _i
id L. II. BIulnicK, the prince of Hotel Bates
nt men with us, calls attenltiion to his and t
iid IIOIOSE which has been newly and wit ih
css coinlletly furnished and the table is ly rec
par excellence. Don't foriget Butdick lawtu
on Front street when you coime to judge
town. der c(
--- - _ - Nici(
nal Especial attentionl is called to the and i
two prospectus of the VINDICATOR for l1,77 on wi
The terms of sublscription are so rcla- o
of sonable, considering the value of the ioes
ve paper, that we allticillpate a large list otlice
n' of new subscribers. Our lady fri(nds fairl;
caln secure a valuable and interestinug 1e
of Literary treat in the S'turdal E'ce- piop
Sin-# Post or Leisure Ilours, ly slidilng sib
the us TEN new sutiscribC'rs. eairn
Those wanting Job Work will fnld J.
oit on giving us a trial, that we me·nu a li
- what we say, when we promlise Ne'r lw'
Orleanls prices. W e have received ia cet
as- fresh stock of letter paper tromt St.
the Louis paper Mills, and warrant satis- f
Sle faction ill dispatch, style, workmian
o slhip antid price for all kilids (if Jl o1
as \Vork. c or
radl Advertisers niust realize the fact
h that tie ViurcATOR preselnts better
an_ advantages than any contry pa'per'
ares in the Sltate, having a larger circula- lov
otes ltion, and being Inore gelirally read. cot
ti 'Thre VINIICAT(il, in fact, intenls 1\C
itra- to be TilE .APirn of this sctiolil ; if nef
iti if our friends will oiily sUlliort us, tile l1
uses deteriuinatiol to make it such will in
tor a succeed. dec
I Very Useful to Every One. '1
rice. In no other way can a person get ate
bae hck so ularge plofit for a very little 4,
n imoney, as to expelnd it in leariiiig
wlly hat to do, ilwhen to do it, aid how
l all to do it-in other words, to halve his gia
of- brainiis help hiis Iihands. here is one Coi
f-way to do this: Thie small saviing or
bir- extra productio of less than half a i
iot e cent a day, or 3 cents a week, will lift
t c- now lpr'ocure aI large, leautiful, cheap St
m ,et .Journal, for all of 1877, spllendidly liel
net Illustrated, with over 00 tine origi- str
ninl Engravings, and over a Thousandi an
I Columnions of tile very best, plin, prilac- J.
o tical, trnstworthy infornmation about
af the every day in-door and out-door -
dwork and comfoit of every homie, in
iller Country, Village, and City. This in
g tie formation is not prepared by mele on
lican scribblers, but by a large force of in p
bre telligent working men and women, .
s iiwhol know what they write about, and
rbitra- they are assisted by many others,
a awho furnish information from their
mt as OwI practice and observation. Such
Sneed a Journal is the American Africulttu
rnasted. alist, so named because stated 35
syears ago as a rural journal, but since
greally enlarged and improved to
oIS suit tile daily wants ot every nuan,
woman and child in City, ('ountry,
and Village--for the 1artner and
Gardiner, the Merchant and Mechan-i
ic, thie Professionai Main-indeed, all 1
classes. It is packed full of useful
a. information that every one ought to)
have. Many single hints and sug
gestions will repay nlmore than a whole
year's cost of thie paper. Its original
. engraved plans for buililings and imn- J
provements, with details of cost, etc.,
and coinmon-senseo directions, are
worth far more thIan at majority of
ex. the costly works on architectule.
Great care is exercised to hIave every
line in the paper reliable. Its con
stant, persistent, and full exposure of
a multitude of Humbugs and swin
, Ky. dles, are alone worth far mnore than
its cost, and have saved to its readers I
a. and to thie country miUillions of dollars
ry, La. that would hIave gone into the hands
of sharpers. The Departments for
Housekeepers and Children are very
useful and entertaining. In shlort,
thie Americran AqricIlturist is full of
le, 1 Miss. good things, and ought to be in every
house in the land. The circulotion is
willper- so large that the Publishers can sup
's Hall. ply it at little above thie cost of the
printing paper-or l$1.60 a year, sent
poss. t-paid; or four copieas $5.40. T'ake
i for ll I ' 77 .( l. 3;) t, ( u:A .E.
York. You will thal it jiuty, luill pi
well.
lftlttihe 1t l hi':tt lll4e of ..oisi- TUTT'S
aulI, over whlicli \\'iltz Il l Bush lI'e TUTT'S
sidc in their resl.ective l1it1se(, shnMhl 'rTT'S
TUTT'S
elect James ( 'asey, lrotlher-i n- Ila'.i to 'lTUT'S
Presideut (rant, United States Sen. T'TT'5
TUIUTT'S
ator we will Ihardly know who to TUTT'5
trusi t in xt till'. I T T'
'l'h,' \V'l.,.h'r colul.'t""ia will nIL'.' i Tt'TT'
TCTT
wr1'1'1 ke( ol'( nmi lid41( ) lle 11 Illt,1, lit1 TUTT'
T 'TT'.
it i t hii g i ( f t' e. ti g li ('. :s" ' 1 : thl TVTI:"
he done, th<(i wic gi\e it p ait once Ti T':
;1oll forevel'r. TUTT
If L.ouisium'l.n's fair I'a,,. i-: to It, teTrTT'
s.m t r hellel w. 'ith a l '.u i : if th t s tr u t.- T r T ')
nil t' 1e l l Illt')' a 11',": ' TI"'T':
TUTT':
ST'TT'
w1'i'e bet ltel' to have gole over Iod( TrITT'
TUT r
n11111 So'l to Grilant foul'r \ ais ago. TUFT'
TUTT'
\1when ( ' strl'l dowl n ev1r1y ( ' llt I .' 'TUTT'
cl ilwld \\ith his mailed h1: d. TITT'
TUTT'
STUTT
l1 tl 111)1) 4 5i hl n;-iillS- as it, faoe thi'- r TUTT'
tl lhat the flood liil tio n of tlhe t' th TUTT
TUTT
Stl';tImbr, IX74, was givllI, WasI it TUTT
Ifor this that our citizens hayve ,ulfter- TUTT
TUTT
edl arrest from brutal sohli,, y, been TUTT
dl'agged or driven front their homes TiTT
TUTT
as (111111 las; that Jimu Casee, Miiotlicie- TUTT
i - law to tle 110111i or lln ,ster, \\h TUTT
I w t.  tlhe uth<l t of :all our ills, sholll TUTT
1'in tile U1it State' S enIItes a t. (:id T iTT
TUTT
ain the U'iit nd S"I+utates Scnate. (ot d rT["r'T
TUTT
111 ' :1at thiii woult b[ e too d(et'liiaveid, to
It. (stardly to be It.conpllishlecd.
s Rapid and Legal. El
Recognize the laEful judge or sus- f
pended you are cure
Judge Davi(d Pierson, 17th Judi- hists
cial District, issmil i \a 1lall t for tihe r l 1
arrest of pl tits niler :lllildt\it .\\w rn n
to heftrl' him.
Slherift' I-trr'on Irefusing to ac:t was+ an
of sIspL'nllded ail cotrontlr' lh, e11 also
s rt'fusing ws susled'id Waccatdig to D R
it lw ant( ('ollstaile 31. L. Bates, If
\'ai(d six, alppointed sheritf'. -heriff i roa
I wi
tel Ilates pIro-llPt1ly execited the \% lll ant 8cnc
i. and tlhe judicial macllinerl m(oved on Mre
d \\ithoutt a jar. Clerk l.u'low p1omlt
Sis ly recog izell Judge P'ierson as the TI
lick lawfully elected 11and colmmissioned fr Dr
to jullgi of the 17th juIdicial district un- bott
ther comnlmission flout CGovernor F. T. "e
Nicholls. The bar pirolmtly Ireslponds oef
the anill husiiess at the COurthouse goes "I
X77 oil without aI ripple. has
ea- "o lllcllh MrI. J. E. llBreia, . can 1n1tl "
the loes learnl for attemllPtiig to hold all
list otlice Ie knows hiituself to have been
Inds fairly defeated for.
tinig lieturning lioardIls don't win with a
pcll- people who are deterliluedl not to
ling slbmit and the sooner tihe radicals
learn it tlhe better. Cu
fiid J. E. Keegan has lbee appoint ed
o( all) [lice dIlpty by sllcliff lBates lint] tlhe
rclr law will now be felt in this palish, J
ii St. rtain----- -
atis- Washlington dates of JauniarIy
n Il- 19th, says that Levy, of' Louisiana,
Jol) op ses the C(m'plIom& ise bill for
coliltilng the electoral votes.
f ;etF Bight, MIr. Levy ; as always on
these matters. It we areC to go
'cla- down let it h(e with dignity, and
Iad. not with thle white feather flying.
tends WIe c;all Iot cohieive of a m1orte
I; ifnlleflarious attemipt to deprive the
s, the Hlouse of its rights-than this
ll i iuchl apilnctdedI , but very bad
electoral bill.
' The clectoral bill pass ed the Sen
. get aote by a vote of 44 ayes to 17 noes.
Ihttle It ,ill pass the IIouse it is said.
i g We cannlnot imagiine a more dis
v g his glaceful surrlender of a plain duty of
is oe Congress.
half ALWAYS HOPE when there is
k, will life ; the hope is D)r. J. H. Meljeac's
lclell Strengthening Cordial & Blood Punri
udidl lier; it will impart lifo to the Ioby,
oig- strength 0tu1 vitality to the nnuscles
lusand n1d nerves, purifies your bIlood. Dr.
hIic- J. II. IeLean, ;314 Chestnut, St. Louis.
Died.
JO)NES-In the City of Shereport,
on the 12th January, 1877, Thos.
Parry Joues, son of Mr. T. W. Jones,
aged 19 years and 6 months.
JOSEPH C. KEYSER,
Brickmu:ker :1and L-tye r.
I PREPA1.1ED to d,1 all work entlrusted
to him lqnickly a.d in a workmanlike ti
manner. T1n)1, Chlillnneys, C1isterns anl 1
other work solicited.
Orders left at. IUIILLAIII) & CAMI'
BIELL will lhe promptly atthended to.
Jan. 27, ly. C
Boarding House.
t
L. IL. IBURDIKK, Proprietor. 1
(Corner FRONT and TOULINE Sta.)
NATCIIITOCIIES, LA.
EVERYTHLNG NEW.
4 ROOMS ELEGANTLY FI~INISH1E).
The only First-ClIass lhoiius in the ciiy;
inl fact the ,oly house where tr;asicnt
1 travelers (;111 lie bececoil!lo (dal .41.
Tables supplied with the best the 1mar
kets atford.
Att.entive waite:r and the (llinfort of
lguests in every plarticular guaranteeld.
S IHacks run ill counectionl with this
Sthis hous4e.
ITEI3RS MOI)ER ATE.
It Files of daily papers will be fboun in
Sthe olffice.
Tr' HEED THE t
'TIT words of Avice,
TTT'iS D PI'fPETFTUL.LY offered b[hL
TTT'S 11. I1. Ti'TT. M.D., for man
TUTT'S vears Iu,,walntrator of Anatoiuy in PIL4
T iTT'S ie Medialei Volleg'E of Georgia. W
TUTT'S 'Ilrty vyears' exierlence in tbg1114
T UTT'S nratlce of medlelne. togetherilth Li
TUTT'S Sft'en years' test of Tut re PillpI
TUTT'8 and the thil tnandlS of te;ithonti 11 4
('TT' 'iv' of thei i t l.'Ir ti': v warralt n
iTUTT'S in SO IIC that ti' )" will p Itrivepl 4
TT.T'S rureea ill Idiia.,cs that remnlt from'l1l
T'U T'Sdise't d lit ,r. Th,. are not re 1
TUTT'S lnt 'elde'd fi all t he 'II! tat i ttll Pl
TUTT'S humanitv. but for W.,epsia, Jaun PIT.
TUTT'S dice, Cost ipatiol. i'i I-. s>kin llDl.pl
TUTT'S3eapS. Ititouu- (Collc. R11·utnatism'pr
I TI"'T' t 1':Il' ll+ II1it of thle I ,hrl't. Klidlleyp,
TC'I"r'S Atfeet'tt=. 'n" t'|l!l('i'°lt':ee;ttll'e. 'l
iT TUTT'. ., ,t of i h' I.Livi 'r, i, ,,,lb ine ht a FP
TCT1'L ,v r .rol, e " -r.-. jul a: R PIL
TUTT' STE1 IT"S v:I, ET\ kB'LE LIVE PI4
..T r's ................................................ PI
TI'TT.' TU'rT' ILL PI
• fTT'S i 'TUT' Es PILLS
T"'T'BI" REQ(UIiE N CI1. :,GE OF PII
TU"'T'S DIET. PIL4
T I'T T'S ............... ............................ PIL
Ti .TT'S ......... ............ .......P. i
T[I"I"Sl PII4
TI"rT'S ARE PI''UELY VE'IETABLE.: PI1
TUTT'S ...... Pl
T'TT'S ......................... 14
TtIT'$ : TUTT' PLL8 " P
ITUT'Sg NEVER GRII'E OR1 NAUSE.: PIL
TUTT'S ATE. :p i
TUTT'S ................... PILi
T'I'TT'S THE DEMAND FOR TUTT'S: pLr
TUTT'S .PILLS is not confld"4 to this:P
TUTT'S country, but extends to all parts: PLI
TUTT' of tte world. PIl1
TUTT'S ........... ..................... I
TUTT'S ACLEAR1IEAD,elaftlc Ilmb%.
TUTT'S *i,'d digestion, sound sleep,i PIjI
TI'TT'S bhuyant spirits, fine appetite,: P
TUTT'S are some of the results of the! Pl1i
TUTT'S :use of TUTT'S PILLS. M.
TUTT'S .......-.....-.-...: ..".. p
TUTT'S Tn..1
TUTT'S AS A FAMILY MEDICINE PIpo
TUTT'S TUTT'S PILLS ARE THE PL
TUTT'S BEST-PERFECTLY IlARM. PIL
TUTT'S LESS. .
T UT''S ...... .................'............... .
TUTT'S ...............
TICT'S SOID EVEIlYWIIERE.
TUTT'8 PRICE, TWENTY-FIVE CT8. PILI
TUTT'S =............"............ "............::. P 1
TI' TT'S
TUTT'S PRINCIPAL OFFIT' E Ip.
TUTT'S 18 MIURRAY STREET, PI1
TUI'T'S NEW YORK. PIU
I TUTT'S ........................................ ...
SR. TUTT'S
EXPECTORANT,
This unrivaled preparation has
formed some of the most astonishi
cures that are recorded in the annah
j- history. Patients suffering for yearn i
I i the various diseases of the Lungs, sie *
trying different remedies, spending the
1u sands of dollars in traveling and docto:,
ing, have, by the use of a few bottle:
entirely recovered their healtL
"WON'T QO TO FLORIDA."
New York, August 81.31
It' DR.TUTT:
Daar Sir -When in Aiken. last winter, I seate p
1Expectorant for my cough. and realised more bt
i'' from it than anything I ever took. I am solWllk.
I will not go to Florida next winter as IiBati !
It Send aDe one dozen bottles, by express. fW as
friends. ALFRED CUBSEINl
111 19:1 West Thlrty-mllr;i
t- Boston. January .11,1 "
lit' This certtfies that I have recommended the moi
Id Dr. Tutt's Expeotorant for diseases of the).,.
for the past two years, and to my knowledge . .
II- bottles have been used by my patients with tlshe
pieet results. In two ases where it was thouglhte
T • irmed consumption had taken place the RIpSIt
Seffectted a cure. BH. eI. PRAGUuE ;.:'
S"We can not speak too highly of Dr. Tutt's AE
pectorant, and for the sake of su*ring hut -
hope it may become more generally knewown.4-C4
ri ?IANtAD% OCATE.
Sold by Druggists. Price 81.00
'CU l -DEALEi IN
DRtY GOODS, .= .
ta (ROC'ELES, and
s GENIIERAL 3IERCIIANDISE
lCour. IF.RONT and ST. DENIs'~tisd
'1| .Na.tclhitoches La.
tor " ~ ~ ~ II
JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMENTI .
SIlERIFFI S SALE.
Evelina Eskew, witi' of John A. Enket'.
vs. Mathiltle Moreau, \.ifi. of Augat
P'arib C'ourt, I:Pari:i if Natclhitoche.
No 145i;.
Y VI ' I'E of a w' it of seizure W ad':
) saleh' isnu"d in the a:ilva, entitledad
numli('red suit. tad to nit directed, Ihs
s.izIl ,nld will oi,.r lotr sale to the -.
and hiilest biddetr, at the dooroflth
ciurt-ho'a e. ill the city of 1Natchit.chi
S,\'ut:D.tY, February 17th, 18717,
the following described property.to-lw
I All thle right, title and intertctof:d
fezdlant Mathilde Moreau in and toI
certain piece or parcel of Land with d
the buildings and ilpr:evenuents t
on. Ieingii situated in the parish of No
clhitochºls, and lying cointignons to
city of Natchitoches, at the head of
:uii (':ue rivers, containing three r
four acres. Trore or less, and being
.f samle upon which the late deceased
cr of the verdor and vendee resided.
Terms of Sale.
CASH--with the benefit of appraiNse'
Vs . A. BARRON,
" Jan. 13-tds. Shedid
i- ---------
SIIERIFF'S SALE. :
. A. P'. Cocklield. vs. Wini. M. Levy anl
F. Harrison.
District Court, Parish of Natchitodll
No. 8054.
t, 1 ) Y VIRTITE of a writ of Fi. ai
A. ) in the above entitled'ad bnd nm
i, suit, and to im directed, I have
and will otfer for sale to the last
hiighest hidider at the door of the C9
Shouse, in the city and parish of Natbi
chels, on
S ATURDAIY, February 17th, 177,
the following described property, to*
A certain tract or parcel of land tl
ated in the parish of Natci,itocbeh
the right bank of Regolet Bondiend
the pl1re:l called Petite Ecore, boUM
ialo've hb land elonging to Jean
il tiett' I'irlthonine' or iayoul Codoche, li
iki blow hv Itids hehbging to.
Priudlihonnni and wife, and by Io'
_ claimed iv Doninilque ahail acqgit
by Theopihi Ilc ruldhlonnie from An-to
Prulhonnoe and \\ iti pas.ed llcfore.C
Grenanx onil 3d August. 1i4 and
- '29th l)December, 1:,1, passed WO
T. I'. Jones which said track or P
e, cntaining six hundred and forty M~
together with all the buildings, ilUPl
ir. nieliut and :ippertaiilances thereon
thereto ehlonging or in any wise OPPI
taining, to Ibe sold in legal st1sdliVi4
.) Said tract of land to be dividdl
tracts froln ten to fifty acres.
Terms of Sale.
/* CASH-with the ben.fit of appr:aise
V, A. BARRON,
S Jn. 13-tds. her
icnt NOTICE.
tar- Succession of . . A. Gallite.
1'UPIIANIr GLLIEN liaving apP1
S to ie ilapplointed Adhiniisttrat
. te Succession of J. 1. B. A. Gallion.
this tice is hereby givan to all personst50
oppositian thereto in this otlice iO
days, or the application of the petit
will lie granted. A B.RLOW
ln. i. 1877.--2t. I 'yClet-