L~~'~o'p' Ih c dicab'vr.
AS. II. CUr), iW1 VE, - - Editor.
N x"1C1-11,T1(111ES
Of allny CounltryV pap1er Ill
thik. State.
Rates of Subscriptiofl.
OIw( i .. ............... Ye'= 11 S2 Z4
No iritscitt tar fo l~.ta
br > I'Mtiiis. ic tl.ii . un-iithM. rc'Ir
IAt IVVIir Ad.1 ~ti Ilutir~cl ItM talue q'ini of
$1li. i' al t vn'f.
Trn·) liinc· ot- It·-Ji, $011 1 1 ):ic-vie~r crcuiiti
.11)lici al ,Etl\(··ttilclrlc ·It s I)irc I~ull;tt'
E"'(IIntalt(1 vlU lt, tlittls t l'Ul Wil t aiusti
ittittn ''l. 'igal~uv
siend..
Ail~certiistlr ill the Northern Cl1 (itiesM
14) appllicaltionls to its in 1"''"''" from" thatl
AGENTS.
All orders fo r Adv rtiKhg Iionst be
eoatrartrc d w~l ith cmr Agraty..u
No attenition p'a1idl to propuusitioh1H eX
cept fromui th tl
(,. 1'. 1(wtl I ~& (ob., \e" Yoiak.
F. c. iauMdi r, ('isrieiatti, ()io.
E. I"'reh-sua hi & r.
chand ler, oi .ti C o(. ('liicai o, 11.
'I'lToh. Mc IhI-etr, Nc w ()crlcnuhs, I.;h.
.1. Cuirtis Wa~lilo,
J. . LEW 1Sj
SHR V POR LA.
lass leeting.
Parish Centint Exeentive Com-j
miittee Rooms.
Niatchitoches, Dec. 28th, 1S74 .
The citizeni of this parish are
helvbhy requested to attend at a
Mass Meeting to 'be held in this
city, on Monday, the 8th day of
January, 1877, at 1: o'chlck M.,
to deliberaute nuurl decide upon0
matters hearing upon onr politi
eal condition, of vital and Imomen
tons interests to all. It is the bonun
denii duity of every citizen to at
tend, who possibly aenn.
W. 11. JACK,
Chairman, Parish Cen. Ex. Com.
DAVID PIERSON.
C. F. DRANG(ET.
J. TI. COSGROVE.
A. E. (AF .EF,
R.E BURKE,
S Auud others.
A SQUAIRE 1EAhl FOR FIFTY
SCENTS at Brdiicl:'s Boarding Hlonse
MAss MEETING ON MONDAY.
We trust the gravity of the situ
ation will coimmŽentl itself with
such force to our citizens as to
commanlnlnd a large attentdance. We
are passing tlhrorrgh breakers at
this moment, and the patriotic
wisdom of all should be made
manifest.
SNOW STORM,--Onr otherwise
temperate zone, was visited on
Sunlay and( MondTay last, 1by the
ieaviest snow storm ever known
here. The new year was ushered
in wrapt in a miantle of spotles
white The fll of snow was somei
5 inches.
Ladies, if you want a cheap, neat
Itting nod pretty shoc call at McCook
& Bnro.
Attention is called to the adver
tisement of application for appoint
mert as admninistratrir of the succes
sion of Hypolite Gallien.
Look at the reward offered &, lost
or stolen mule.
The DemIociratic party of the par
ibh of Red River have kindly desig
nated the Peop)e's Vindicatior as the
official organu o( the party in that par
rish:.
Messrs. Benj. Wolfson and E. W.
Rawle are our regular correspondents
at Conshatta, and our friends there
will please calt upon them in all
abusiness connected wilth this paper.
The BEST the market affords and
well served, at Burdick's Boarding
HIouse.
----- 4 4 -0 - -- -
Iiss D'E1isi'r rendition of Marie, in
f lhe "Pearl of Savoy," was a beauti
ful piece of acting-a true concep
i ion and easy graceful rendition made
her the living savoyard girl. Mr.
Compston's Petote was goal, as was
the father of Marie. In the stene
between father and daughter and be
Iveen Mario and Perote tkhe actiug
was subliule.
The Northern ratiti iapress are I
'sat now en'aged in eemplimenting I
cie Soutlhrea people, which comes r
ike a backet of cold water after such I
abuse of as as they have indulged in j
br the past six amonths. The trick is I
to apparent to take in anybody. .1
Knowlfdga
'We have read in books of cynics
we have heiatd of mtan who had lost
taithh illn his fellow men, but in our
sma;ll wothl \we have tnever seen 'till
now, an riccinsion to sneer at thie truthi
tha;it is siupposed to be in frail Ihuman
irv or to tuec(Cofel di.uisted- at "iman's
inhlirrnuinity to rman.'"
We ray, that 'itll now we have
never seen Adi.-but alas ! we aiO
painedi to Siay tlhat the cynic' ani the
misanthriil ope have sonie caose at least
to hbe at war with the world and all
Ihumanity.
We hleard men with wvhom voI were
iorn and reared anti w ho, from boy
hood until the dlevious ways of Lon
isiina radicalisri patted our paths
!.atnd closed our socialuility, wonld ex
press horror at the coward anid the
liar, standl face to tface(' with ai hu
iireui men that knew all they knew.
andl mornm and lie with the ease of a;
native of ithe celestial emipire-annd
that ton under solemin oath. Man
Ihood hintshed whenr t'hey lfte'red sonme
ntruths,, which imust have blistered
a decent toagne, and it gives 1s pleas
tre to sy thalt tihe crimson inshed
their cheeks when, with keen scent ard
fnevl r enIdinig ipnisits. Co'nengi sanian
I louse uniiwoid tlheir ipretty yarns
anid expoisel tiahea in all the unkedtl
ness of living liars.
Sinrtuons, tine ricalcitrant Maiiyor,
lie whol, as a renter of tiown halls, a
-iolldctut' of circus licenses, a limier
tof deliad iparn tits andl a drawer of his
salary, stands int ivallcd, and wlho,
as ia "stick"' anid a faih rh il pre'serv
ing tlhe peace, has no erqual, entered
the aretna oi f ogr essionial investiga
ion as the "ig ittigut ii'n watr paint,
nnsolidcited a nil with a ' hoop. It
strikes rs that anpoetIc (?) jigg.rling of
Meta iort miiust ihave been hIis thought:
"'or've sient formtie-t've mumon,
it yoiun 1t want 1 I'mit hack to mty
wignerum."'
Stern itnul a 'in! in look ithis t mighty
Schief iproclaimedl thait hle was trhe
champion ''ring luster" andi fromn his
lelt dangled the lioody sealp of D)r.
I onllt and Col. Levy. ( Illoilt smiled
at this to our knoa'ledge) "bhut they,
(thle people) went hack oni me and I
-I went over to the ring-or words
to that eiteit. Under the placid ex
amltinatiton of Mr. Danford-lies, which
would have taken the premniutr among
a thousalnd Kellogg , irolled in Int
Abrokeni strain from his lips-when,
lihowever, Ir. Meade with meek lorok
, andl quiet voice laid bate tihe "hot
toim facts" Sirtnons squirmed (nre
Sthinks as ltoullt and Levy did under
i his sealping knife) lre stanitinered, he
lied out of it, swallo ved his story,
- finrally broke down anid refised to
answer.
While a "ring iuster" Sinmmons
lidnrilro equal as a killer-ott paper,
iitl 110 m11110 ior i flolitfl D i opinann
ever' stalked tire boards. All tins
was wormed otit of him beautifully
antr Simonirs left tire stand anid the
jeers arid latrgIletr' of thie crowd an
riti tulihed, crestfrlien scalped ''injuit"
I' who
"Went in like a Toni, emie oat like a fTan.
Put oti his l;tat atnd wasnr't worth a ulamrr.'
Titan, after a respite, einme i rcDa,
book ii hantid, to sowto the wol1d
1 what a large Iritriuber of political mnur
' dens had been comiitted here iy the
Sbloirdy bulldozers. Breda is a Ciir
t oner, hinds inqiests on lead people,
and his 1100K was the records of his
olice. Breda is a r .tdical, anid at
tem'eIldil to hii limht ei'eri man kil
c was iturdered tir political opitnion
sake. Hlttmie t'insebly failed, however,
to 8how 'eren one ; in fct in all the
crises he read lie could not name a
Ringle politu'al mrur'der and with all
his lies ire nickfoledged lnt fact.
Ilreda had been priunded by [lie Yin
dicatovr evidetnl and ( hlt iglit sirtp
ly ifr'tm thme way lie would spntrt out
about it andrr the anxiety lie evied
to have thme conimuittee r'eaul 'the
ie'ect." It wamits its ''anurhilateil"!
"It diiis," says Mr. Hlouse. Yes, sir!
Welli what's lint anrniilate o I ''It
iants il thel republicans lnt out of
office." WVehi slntl Mir. House, "don't
your riepunliertns all iant to sltay in."
"Oh, yes !" W~ell Mir. Br'eda~did you
ei'er hear of a fun pulitical partty a
Spoliticaf pat ty' that dii not wrint to
''plL 'it ntitrhe ''in" party ? No, sir
"Well doirt ynr tlhiuik the Yinidica
tor in rightn talking up its side. Olm
no t A f saind Mbr. House.
Bitt thin lies of IBreda came when
lie told of tie White Catelii meitl of'
the Pierson difficulty bi 1873. lie
could riemmber all about details in
the Y:mite League of the busy B's
to kill somieody and he got tired
of it and went over to the peo
pIe [hat were goitig to be killed
qtmite likely. Pie could remnembem'
thitt a mob killed Pierson hut lie
could( not r'enemnber that (5 corwrer'8
jury nuude' himtself rrtur,,ned a u'crdict
aqaiunst .11h. C'os[''r're therefot'. lie
could' tot remember also that hte, as
coroite',. tricked the jury into return
lag ii vem'Irdit of his own imatuficbture,
conltrra'y to time facts elicited from
witntesses, amd wii'nl two at least of
time jury spoke to him of their desire
of returrning a verdiet of justifiaubie
htm~tictid,. in wrhiich nil wouki have
conciorre, he did wo5 reeme that lie
tohd Stren. they uuld inot do it,. that
time "forms of law" rejurired such and
such, a, verdict; h e could aot re
memaber also thant lie told these some
jurrymani that Mr. Coagmove was the
persont whno did time shooting and Ilaut
he was justifiable according to the er
iIeCrtc. Olh, lo! ' These thitngs Iwould
hare Ihurt the lptil. you k now.
This fellow stood the cross examiini
tinn like Sinmmons ; lie was coin
pit(ly oeli overwhelmed andtl swallowed
his wholesale lies, in tihe examinationll
in c hief, with a ripidity and ease that
would have slhanwd a juggler. He
toto luniik out, after MIr. Ilouse got
through with hilim, like a whipped cur
which lie is.
Let us t:alk no 1 ore of Ilsto a1ut
Ezernack, their lies are as a piny
whiistle to a steam pipie wheti coil
lpared withi those of Siniinons and
Ilreda. It cain now be snuccessfully
recorded that they, as moral tin (hi
distorters under oath, have few )iuals
and no nsuliriors. (ne tliiig, how
c11r, both sWoie point blank, and in
all the t(]eiry talsehodiils uttered by
them it stoo]d out is a oasis of, truth
in a desti t of lies, % hicli was, that
the electionu l'ts ftir, free and peace
able ; that there wsan um intutidation
on the part of I)emrcrats and that
there eras not cevn the senmihence o/out
rule upon the part of De'nworuts do
rinf( the whole of I 876 in this pnris/h*
]Witl) thism saiuc state ment corobo
rated by every witness examined
even to Ikisto who made oathii before
thie ietusiinug Iluard to tihe contralry,
the throwiing out of wards 5 aniid
stands out as a grand act of villainy
w itlhout the slha;dow of 11an excunse
therefor, aniid t l comintiitee was fully
satisfied Ithat not the sllihadow of
cause txisted for thle actionl of the
Retrninimig Bloard.
Try the fresh Texas flour of Mc
Cook & ilo.
Franklin, the assistant desperado
in thlie (Garlza imurilder wass bailed out
ofj ii oin Mondiia;y last. There is no
fJuge here anid how thie law is recion
ctiledt we are aunlle to say: nut one
. thing is sure, the people hal best
quit getting indignant over mn idors
aniid iiimurderers if a blow-over of a
w'eek walks thlni ouit of j;ail. Thiis
man Frankling is as culpable an JIoi
. ton ; was with him in the attempt to
I kill thie negio man that Garzia lost
his life naid Johnson was wounideild in
I piotecting, anti although hie did not
Sfire hIimself at either, he 1did tire at
the niegro wounding him, and thought
lhimself as guilty as Horton from the
frantic enldeavors he made to esicape.
We think, and a great many coincide
with us that this law business is get
ting to be a very large humbung every
.way, here at least. We undtlerstand
that thie bond was fixed at Q:)0. Ye
SGoilds !I Two ndred dollars for at.
t tempting to iimurder a negro anid as
sistiig to 11murder a white 111ian. This
, is too grave, entirely too grave a mat
ter to be treated in this nanner, for
( we cannot conceive which to be the
Sgratest outrage upoi the comnin
Snity-tlie murder of Garza liv Huorton
, aided by Frankling or Franklitn's
straw bail for two klunulredt dtullars.
Fancy scrnfs, shawls antd cloaks at
M McCook & Bro.
What's Up ?
The Rndical press Noutih, that were
wont to anuse and vil-lfy the S'tihitl
in a most sluaneful manluer, are now
vigorously engagedl in patting us lioi
he back ind calling us ''good Cfl
wna." Thi(s is truly nice, but wheti
thiine enflmfy becoflmes 50 lohinig all at
once, loo(k ott for some rascality.
We can stand abuse and live, but
it is itmipossible to soft sander us
and not produce combustition--.we will
laugh, because they nre fools enontghi
to lelieve us idiots. It was after
Gettysburg, we helieve, that the Nor
thern ladies shiovered upon wounded
prisotiers all the delicacies to be had,
but invari ably after this charitable
work, these ladies would spoil it all
by asking ; "have I not been good to
von ; dotnt /fiou think /you ought to take
the oath of aull/iance to the United
Stales F After this coniplimentitig of
the South is over, we exllect to hear
the Tiribnuue say-"we were so good to
you-don't you think you ought to
sunillort Hayes."
II, will all cotme to that; tihe bluff
game lhaus been dropped, it did not
pay, and mu ighit be serious, now they
Ilte t rying the high conlplim liniiliJt-look
out for (he "thirty lieces of silver"
in tlte end.
Now is tire tine to renew your sill)
scriptiion to t(ie VINDICATon, for 1877.
PorITICAL situntion remains un
changed. Congress is fully discus
sing the preeedfnts and usages in
countiitg the electoral rote, and the
acts of Radical officials in attempt
ing to steal three States.
Opinion is still *tretigthtening that
Tilden w il~le peaeeahly innlaugirted.
Gen. alitlow a prominent Northtern
repblsicanu whlo went by itivitatiot
of Gralt to Floriola has plblislled two
letters in response to Imquiriies as to
wvhi haul carriei Florida. In both of
these letters he unquivocally and
etmpllatically says that Mr. Tildeit
carried Florida without doubt and
prodnees the figures and returns to
show it. It was a bomb-shell in rnd
ical ranks.
MR. J. P. JoInseoN, who was shot
and severely wounded by Horton,
the desperado, is rapidly reeovering,
and will be out on crutches in a few
days.
Highest cash ptices paid for cotton
at McCook & Bro.
Red River-Failure and Oppor
tunity.
Our sistet pnlislr, 1ed River, has
laboredl since its forior til uldnere
blighting i rithrtrees. Twitchlell ;I I(]d
his gang of whlibel:r swooped down
upon her flair 1i(ils and well nigh
udesolated, witIi excessive tnxaition,
her people.
Starting ogrt oin thre correct path to
rid hrr:,elf of this grinding rule, she
i;has IIt obstaele frorn those 'ihoi
shoul(l lanve rendered assistance, and
all thie ef(rits of her siins Ihav'e So tfar
proved' abortive, fror the faet that
there has been no unity of action
ar11111rg those who l tii 'e "r'Igging at
the wheel."
Mern a;e actunted Iy rrmotives in all
evenrts of life, whether throse rrotives
the good or b'hal tihe incitdelital histo
ry of their acts 11111t. t (1irnt', orine
rmerr were Irrir with onre idea-have
learned that, and forgot all else, lint
we are constr'ained to say that the
nction of sorie petsois ill Ihat parish,
in dividiing forces before tihe solidl
enemy, was, tihoughli not treasonable
tfroni tie ilights 'oirue us, as futile las
it wais idiotic.
The comipronmise pal(ll is well heat
en in iall thie onthern States; in all
tihe parishes of this State, nrid in Ino
single Irnstance has renefit, to say
notlhing of srecess, accrued from those
comuprrorises. 'Th'lie manI who wold
insist in tihe face of condemniniiig hiis
Story-history hie lhas not learned fromr
h1ooks, but from experienIice, upon
'"fixiiing tu" a comrpromise munrst ad
nrit himiself a fool, to escape a more
severe corlnermna t i1on. This is what
hais beern arl is the nmatter with Red
River-this arl nothing more.
It is oseless to say that a better
fighrt could not hiave Ibeen made with
a united army-as will tell us that
:a rm1oh cnn overcolme a discipliinetd
force by friring into that force and
s:rbering tihemiselves.
I'rnity of forcc-discipline, action'
and aggression, shohuld be blazoned
on erery political banner, if that ian
Sner hopes to wave over victorions
fields. Every individual must yield
ifull and explicit obedience to the
anllthority inll commandl thre will oi
the majority, and whatever plan they
may decilo upon, all mist j work for
evenl shouldl they differ as to its ex
pediency. No such thing as action or
aggression can be holped for from inn
tinous ranks; discussion conmes at
tihe wrong time-when orders arre is
e[ ed not whein planls aire matured
and ma1 pped out. Wrangling takes
place, nithority is lost sight of, anid a
political poop-guin gorilla warfnre be
Sgi ns, in which your own friends suf
fer, and during vwhlich the enemy
walks into the citidel.
We hope from this on that our
friends of Red River will show that
I patri'utie spilit whi in-h we know tIhey
possess; that they will uinite frilly
ard Ireartiy in olrrdiene to parts
dicipline end party atttiioiit5-, thrrotighr,
and by which alone thre' can hioire to
succeed, arid SIIcelCss with thler is
life; defrat, denth.
Go to McC'ook & IBro., for- fi'eslr
drags a ndii edn'icirres.
IHEL.EN D'ESTE and her really fnoe
Dramratic Corpany, closed their t io
weeks engagemeint withi us to-day.
During their stay they gave our citi
zens delightnil reriditions of Tire
Two Orlihanls, Col. Sellers, Pearl of
Savoy, D)ivorce, Enocli Arden, Arti
cle 47, anrd others from their rep etoire.
Miss I)'Este sustained hier repntation
frlly among us, anrd her Coomapny is a
very fine one indeed. We are sorri'
hlowner, that a combination of cir
coumstrices worked against their pe.
renniars success this visit. Political
excitement, the murder of Mir. Gaiza,
the visit of tire Congressional Coim
mittee, all deterred many from at
tending their renlly fine exhibitions.
f Remember thiit McCook & Blre.
r have a coriirlete line of ladies and
geutlenien ware.
JLCOGED.-- I-'estcr-, tire step- father
t' of Franklio, sent one Mi o'e to tiis
place fromV WVinr parish on a fine
mule to ascertain of the difficuity in
which Iris son find become engaged,
and the young man made a point by
selling the male nuder regular bill,
to Mr. Tarylor, of Camripte. Before he
could escape with tire funds, however,
he was jogged under a charge of mule
stealing-hle las not been bailed out
thorrgle!
"That coat is nice, where did you
get it"f At McCook & Uro., plenty
of them and cheap I
Tiu RIVER contilimies to recede,
and is new too low for navigation.
Tire bar at the month is dry for o-er
half a mile, and a dozen or more
steamers are stuck, with either up or
down trips.
OUR REPORTED compilatioo of the
testimony elicited from witnesses be
fore tire Congressional Committee,
will be found quite interesting- espe
cially thlat of Simmons and Brenfa.
THAT LANGUID, helpless, sallow
complexioned woman must use Dr.
J. II. McLean's Strengthening Cor
dial and Blood Purifier. It is exact
ly what you want to vitalize, prrify -
and enrirh your blood and give you
back tihe bloom of health again. Dr.
J. H. McLean's office, 314 Chestonut,
St. Louis.
Congressional Committee.
(('tn tinned from Ist. Pa 0.)
et of his own 'ord.t Wil. lingua itn
is still on my place. (Cert Iicatt. was
signed by Some one in Natchitoches.
This is to certitf that Wain Iilnhini
votedl tihe Democratic ticket of his
owni firee will. Knows of no other
coloIred ahtn wall has a certificate.
'Thos. E. l'iothro.-uives in watd
5. Voted there. No one inturfeired
with. Was peaceable andI quiet Iitn
ring the canvass, and since.
Charles iocel('tt. col'(.-Liv es in
ward (. Lives by himself. bits liv
ed there It years'. Vot'ed att the last
election. No ione itt('ferl(ed with.
Voted tlhe )Demtocratic ticket; uade'
i)emocratic speeches in thle last cnin
vass, in the fith I aid. Mdltresscd
the colted cCitizenits in behalf of the
Democratic paits. Some ctgored
1ni1n voted tihe Democratic ticket
freelv. 'The white's did not niake tnhe
colored miIen afraid to 'vote the Radii
ail ticket. No dlisturbanhLce during
registration. IIis lino of argument,
iadvised them to vote to suit thienm
selves, bint tr'ied to get them to go
with him. Thontght a change would
he goodl. Felt the necessity of r!
chanige. HUns grounds of complaint
against the Republican government.
Thought taxatiion was pri'etty heavy.
'I'lTonght the taxes camne out of us.
Never ladl any' schools. Schools
badly mantiaged. School 'I'reasuer of
this parish did not furnish us with
whalit we onghlt to have. Made two
or thiree ipublic spechiies in ward Ii.
Voted first about eighlt years ago. No
body promised a miule lately. Never
voted the Rlepulblican ticket. Lives
oii his own landii by hiiimself.
Isaac Smith, cl'd.- -Lives in the
6th ward. 33I years old. Voted at
lust election Democratic ticket. Told
himtielf to vote that way; has voted
the Republican ticket. Changed be
cause of provisions being so high
and 'wages so low. Wanteld a cllaitge.
Never henard of anybody getting a
mule. Voted the D)emocratic ticiket
of his own free will. Ileard of no
colored men being forced to vote this
ticket.
To 1)auford.-Changed his politics
at last election. Voted Republican
ticket in ward 6. IBeen t good deal
of confusion in the government. Last
chance for publlic schools under Re
publican rule. \Was not in the army.
Most every one was Republican at
first. Lives 15 miles from Nattchito
ches. Is whatever his mind tells him.
IHornace irown.-Lives in ward 5.
Been there since I16(i. Voted )Demno
cratic ticket last Ielection. Colored
men vote there generally the Demo
cratic ticket. Knows of no one co
erced or intimidated. Election w'as
peaceable. Saw noanimed nmen there.
Has voted the Democratic ticket. for
7 years. nas voted the Republihnin
ticket for the constitution. Changed
because they stole his horse. The
Dentociata thelped htimu to get hint.
S\\'ent to Provost Marshal who fold
hint Texas ivat a had place. Bought
hits army oret'coat out of a store. In
I186S v'otcid in wo1rd 5.
GCo. WVea thierford, col'd.-Lives in
wnrl 5. Voted the Democratic ticket.
No one conmlielled Itim to vote. Dem
ctrats gave him Medicine for his Chtil
dred. Thought the Democrats tad
more syntpathy for his race than the
Radicals, No rows or disturbances.
To M. Danford.-Lives in wat'd 5,
where his childretu were sick. I)iil
not go to any Republican's w·hcn his
chlildren were sick.
Joseph Ezernack.-Lives in Notch
itochies. Have lived here I1 years.
Has been a Republicai since 1867.
Has becin a meutber of the Police Jo
my. Was elected inl 1874 md 187(i.
Condition of the parish has been for
the Inst three years critical. Thiete
was talk of violence in 1874; there
was mIen organized, going about the
country with shot guns and pistols.
Opperated in wvard 3. Tihe organiza
tiotn was composed of white men.
Could not say upon whom they ope
rated. Intimitidated t e Republicans
of this parish. Did not converse
with any one about this organization.
Ktows of no threats. Made the Po
lice Jury resign. The Democrat par
ty had public meetings. Was not a
Police Juror. Sam Black and Ed.
Mitchtel resigned. Thinks Mr. Pon
der took charge of the Police Jury.
Feeling after that among Republicans
uneasy, The parish went Republi
can by a small nuajotity in 1874. Is
not following butchering now. Gets
no patronage. Certain gentlemen
told him if he would quit the Repub
lican party he would make a sapport.
After the election, was abused. Feel
ing ameotg colored men since the last
election has been quiet. No discrim
ination among the parties. Has not
been threatened. Has heard of
thmreata Word came to hii from
Grand Ecore that he was going to he
killed. The threat came from IHor
ton, by Mr. Iarlow, D'y. Cler'k.
Does not know that the organization
was called Tax Reform Association.
Knows of no particular threats. Sam
Black and Ed. MitcIhel were-colored
men. Does not know if they could
read or write, Horton was the man
whom the people killed the other day.
Does not say that Horton was the
agent of the people to kilt him, be
casee he was a Republican. Had
had a diticulty with Horton some
time before, near Garza's store. Ilor
ton did not threaten to krU hiat and
Gariza, " ho is his soii-ii-laiw. A few
day'- after he, Ilortoii, did kill (Garza.
ID)oes not in timaite d hat the people
were inll syvpiatly wit Ii Horton. Eve
ry main ought to buy beet' (romu it ho
tlihey please. Laist electionii was fail
and fleet ; ,i $ ecogiliz7d by the pen
p! e.
To Mr. Dinford.-\Vas not a' other
in ditientilty ii tween hint a 1nd ilIfor
ton. Hlard hint observe, that these)
is a damned neý;ro adl I am goinri fl.r
hilln. 1orton Said to the colored man,
w'hhat are you ! Whlien IHorton ait
temiited'l to draw his pistol lie caught
his armt.
,Jack Culpepper, cold.-Lives iii
Natchitoches. Sthikes in Blacksmiithi
S1hop. Votedl at last elect li Repub.iii
liemn ticket. Mu. 1Hugh McKenna
put hini ont of hiis house. )iDid not
anv hlat for. Too or three day's af
ter Ithe election. Never had aitii
tronble with ,Iir. McKenna.
To lMr. liinse.-All the time lie
phliicanu tickelt. (Owe(l himi ' 2 or 3
dollars for rent. No one told hint he
turned hlim out becaiise he voted the
Republitnii ticket. No one talked to
him ablout being turnred ont of tlhe
house because lie was a llRepublican.
Joe Roso, col'd.-Lives inll town. Is
a carpenter. Voteld last eltCtion,
liepublican ticket, scratclihed. Nir.
PaI'rson calledl for tent, noid if I can't
pay I must give up the house. Mr.
]'arson said to hini. ''11o use to go and
furt liar." Never talked to hiiin about
how lie would vote. Owed 4 dollars
rent. ]een living with hill some
time. uince 18Q66.
To 1Ir. house:-lieen voting
scratched ticket. Voted for Col.
Pierson. Voted for Geli. Nicholls.
J. Bi. Plaisance.-Lives in Natclhi
taches. Iais lived here since 1F47.
1Was appointeld Mlarshlial by Simnons.
Exetrcised its oflice one day. Hates
to state the whole trick. IIdtl a
badge on, marked City '"Marshal.'t
Mr. Greneanux put his timer btweeni
the two pinis and tore it off. This
was reported to MIr. Simrnions. Gre
neaux said lie and witness could not
wear the same badge. lIe had a young
man by the imnme of T'aylor with him,
when he, Greneanx tore off the badge.
No personal altercation. Simmons
gave him another badge, which lie
did not wea;r, because the feeling was
st rong againpt Siminions. is a Demo
crat.
To Mr. HIouso.---Mr. Greneaux
claimed thie office from the old (Coun
cil. Both claimied to bie ('itt Marshal,
II. McKenna.-Has lived in thin
town tor 1S years. Knows Cnlpep.
per. Rented hinm a house. I waited
for 5 miontlis rent. D)id not do it on
account of politics. Ile owed me
15, Mayner settled a3. Could not
hold aytyner for rent. Mayiner agreed
to settle iiily that amount. Culpep
per still owes me the rent.
H. L. Faunkner, col'd.-Farmer.
Lives in this Pniish. fas becin a can
didate for the tegishlitum e on the Re
publiann ticket. Voted tIhle I)emnoerat
ticket in 1574 and IG76. Driownied a
mule for utin, for so (oing. Do not
know who did it; but it wOs a com
mon saying, that I ought to be killed.
I beloiiged to the T ex Rfobrmi Asso
ciatiin. Joined that Assoeiation to
preserve my property. T'hie men
made to resign were not competent.
Police Jury levied the tax. Has been
a Police Juror. Ignorant men com
posed the Police Jury. Hfad no pro
perty except a pony. Tax amounted
to about 8 per cent. Many homes
were advertised to be sold for non
payment of taxes. People met to
getlier and appointed a Comumfttee of
10. People said the' mast resign
after the Committee reported. Acts
of the Police Jury was declared fraud
ulent. Mlap Contract was for $l5,00%).
Immigration Bureau was for Myers
to have moitey to cause immigration
to the Parish, Thinks the people
would have been running out of the
windows and doors. The ol'oice Jury
would have banikrnptedl the parish.
They inssed Warrants to people al
ready dead. Frat, object of the meet
ing was to get time. The large con
tracts were pronounced void. Con
siders this Tax Reform Association a
very good thing.
To Mr. Danford.-This Jury was
appointed by the Governor. Com
mittee did not ride over the country.
Was elected in 18638 from ward 5.
Certain parties came on him and
asked him a few qnestiona and then
gave him a few raps.
To Mr. House.--Answerd every
thing hIoestly. Was asked if lie
sent tickets to DeSoto. Was asked
to resign, but did not. Does not
know where the people lived vhio
took him out. The election this time
was fare and square, Peaceable du
ring the canvass.
100 sacks of rnst-prxof oats at Mc
Cook &. Brms
"Brandy, brantly, bane of life,
Spring of' torment, Source of strife,
If I could half thy vices tell,
Tl'he wine would vishl yo( niafe in li-I.."
Such is the refrain form tfle lips of
the poor diseased toper, wno would
fly from hii enemy if possible, Re
collect it is a diseased Liver, that
craves relief. Instead of brandy or
any other stimolnnt, use 8immonis'
Liver Regulator, &&nd it will afford
relief.
Call at McCook & ire., for every
thing in the Dry Goods and Grocery
NOTICE.
S1recras.ýit o% I/Iy)oliae Gallotg.
1 '1 PH1 ANI E (A TLiLEN halit; :qpjpliej
to het atjeointetl Atiniti trtttrix e
the Rnecr.;i.0n 1f If clyplie 0: t, ~ h X
tire i" iherlbII giv ai tol :t! }. ,Shton tijl
opposition ther'to in thic I" ltiict' ite l
days, 114" the apeplihatittn ef tIl. I"" lititan."
will be grantted.
J \t . A. BA 10 .01
.Jn. 6. l177.-2t. I I' ('lerk,
$ Q Reward.
STI' AYl I) OR STOLEN from *0
Ic telt' lit' ersig Vt'tel on tII' : tlh eIt
tho'11 itb i.'e -inher, 187(i, af
IotS .(1 1( L-N E'. d.ark 11nonse . lor.:hi.nd
six F4"ar. 1114. The 11..(". ruwar1d ººill hºe
p1aid I'll the 414liv'4rv of sail innh4"to 1ue(
or: a liberal ntwa;tel ( will 1et' paid fre shelf
inlbiHInation as nril'" lr:Il No 'i. rreoverpy
.1. If. Alt.11STRONG:.
Dee. 30t-I m. \e:1 P'lea.:ant Hill.
GOD
BLESS
OUR if(E~itS is the n:tne of the Incest
e'lt'gant Pressth Oil Motto Chroino euvef
issued. The mot to is surrounded .}y 016
ef tthe most ex91tiste ~tat riclty-coloree
wreaths of beeutiful flowers on darli
ttkgretitl. and is perfect in all its tel
tails. It is 11 : I.. We send this i nttft
ithrnio uild the BOSTON WEEKid
GLOBlE. :argse eight page fIatily, star}
8111 news pual"'r. with ago icnltural. chcss,
puzzle. househol, and all popular cit.
partitents, 3 tmtnths, for only 60 rents.
C(hrttio and paper, G motts for $1. A
heanttifl gift. Agents wanted.
Address,
WEEKLY CLOBE,
238 Washington street,
BOSTON, At M -s.
'71 THEPEOPLE'S PAPER'11
THE LOUISVILLE WEEKLY
Courier--Journal
The Great National Family Newspaper1
Cotthines the experience, ability and
material resources of there ohdtithne Lon
isville newspapers of tatitetnal tepute
the Louisville ('onrier, Louisville. .font'
t11 and Louisville IDemocrat-and is for
tiiiedl in the respect and confidence re
sulting from nearly half a century of
their itdividnalt and combined success.
The Weekly Conrier-Jonrnal is not a
mlre hasty hoteh- potch thrown from the
dail?' editiont, hit a PohlIete, able, spicy
flrtiily news'ualpevr earl' oily and intelli
gent It edited in every column atul para
gratlh.
Chine from 22i standard tooks. Orr any
One of the leatling etagazi te's or illustrat
ted lperiodieals for a mere pittance itl
aeletitiet to the price of the Courier-,oter
ral alone.
PRENTICI: POEMS atnl the' Weekly
Cotrier Journal one year for $.tt).
A spliehtei Mlap of the $etttth, size
28x:3"2 inches, hal dsiteue e.y colored, var
nislted and hung oil rollers, rt'til price
$2.00ti, will ie p1re1eetteel toe eatel subiseri
her to the Weekly Coeuier-Journal who
send s us 'i2.01,.
Teries, e2.41I) a year, poestage paiide Liib.
turn! teflere to efeinh of liv'e or motre'. Spees
rie teejy antI descriptive efrculaer the
tee aicy zeeltrett.
Aehlreuse WV. N. IIALDE3MAN,
Pre'c. Ceouriter-Jonrtal Co., LQuiisvillee IKy
1877 N1EW YORK. 1877
'The~ tic tr'tt tttele tieonte ef THllE S't N ttrintg
flene' etaI Iit vill iee I the snene as tturietg tlee
cc eor th ek elecut peassett. Tire datily acitititee
thl n ek att lee a heeltt eef tfecr eagteee tee
will let it hedit eeC tigiht jege'e trf the'an ditttt netntt~
sitiees aned eieietetltr (bthtee stlreaely titetiliar tee
ovt tjuct fin*..
TrHii S1N will ernetlvee to lee the streniturt
celvocett'ee tefttreter mant eetrenechieneett, inte of'
ut'ielshtuettuttont eel etltt'ceateemaneip. wieceoet, tend
jeetcerity Vo l htotlleew pcre'ltnc'. ieteeeilit~v. atte
tttitel it ite' ttminiieitrntitct cuf peublic' attuirs. IL
*tll roteeit't tor Cthe geevcrmeentet eel ite' itt'cclet
Ii lice peeplei uel feer tihe pceopei ret apetjjtetee ito
geev'letttt'tt icy fraeues let thee bletltet icee nudtt ice
tie' conutttling eel 'eeotes. tetftttttel 1e mcilititri
vioenettt. It will e'ndeiever teeeo lepey its lreat[
cire-a leeey enow elet fer trecme a meilioin~ et snulr'
-wilth the' uteeet cittefut. cempilete. anti Setrut
woetitly amutc(etll ec cretentt events, alnti will
emplihee tier I tjhie utiitest a nueeeterouts antI care.
ftull eeele'etetl stntf f terepeerters inte cttrre'spon*e
clenite. Itte reelerts treelt W hin~ciugttoie etepeecial*
iv, will let fetli, acetsrate, anel ft';rleuee: anti il
w.ili l oubtiete'te Ceettjttinu to cle'eeecrveteul ceetoey
thte ihatrel eef theeet white ittive icy puieteterinmg
tite T1rt'e.'etty or by ueserpeing whtal the law does
noet give Shemn, witile It will endeav'or to nmeriS
ithe enetidelnce o' Cthe pucbiic by 'tefeceting She
nightli otf ithe peteple against the enwroachmteet&
of tuejeuetifieec pew-er.
''Th etpite' itt tlee tiul3' SUN will be 53 oeea
a etnethe dr $6 30 a vt'ea, post paid, or with
tire i'enrtiie e'eitlcer .7 70 a ueatr.
Tiht $t'NDAY e'titieen .kince, eight pages
$1 20 a year, jeoet pteie.
'rthe Weekly St'N, eighet jeage's of.56t broad ott.
elettes, will tee futrnitheeld dcurieg i877 at Sthe MWt
of #is wavtr. post paid.
Thte IteneefiL of thits laerge re'tiuclion from ticS
peeviouce ratec for rhe Weeteily can be ecnltvt't Icy
iteedileitetl cecbcecriberte withtjtt lice Uecescelty etC
mcaking ee ul clut. At Cthe sante tuete, et anyof
one' fricende techoose' to aid in exteetding our cir.
cnitatitne, wee tertl be' gnrtt'tefl to theic, arte every
encuti ptersnct who setciulc iee leo or meorec sitbetert
hers tetilOtm oneplace will Ice entitlei Sc. onee copey
cit thte palter tior itimettlft wirhecut charge. Ai
otte tiolhi a year, posteage ptttl. the expenetcs ccl
pape'etreed printinee' are beareli' re'paiel; aced, cofl
etieeritig tie .iae of the eeshed ant tire c1ealit y of
its 'mnentetstu, we are ceeefeic'iqt ithe jeeepie 'will
c'cnteifcr tnt' We'ekiy .Scx lte eireap tet newttp*
pee pubilitheie' let rie wuelci, aene wet rtrut atle
one of SM, very Itn'st.
Aieirt~eaw THE SU'N, New 1"orck City. N. 1
FARMVERS AND PLANTERS
SUBISCRIBE FOR~
IO K THlE YEAR t8177. ~
It i.s thee Leaulitg and Olcieit Week
ly Agricultutral leaper in the Scouth;
coistailci every~thincg of vtlueo suitable
to St ltthlet'n Agricltuieee, uchl as thee
cult cen of Ceettote, Sugar, 11icc, Tobac
co. Ceern, WhIeeat, Rye, Oat t, Peace thee
Graccse's, Silk, Ramtic, Mcse, Potatoes,
Turnitiec, Cathetoge', etc., etc.; the rais-5
inig eel all kiendt of Stcwk for the' South;
the culhtere of all kinds of Fruite, seuch
as Peachics, PFerw, Apples, Oranges, V
Figs. Lemtocne, Ptineappeloa, .Jahcti
hPliimsr Gerapees, Ptmeeegr'anattes, etc., 1
It cointatins aehoicecclepartument for the
lFaitily' Clrehe; gives all tihe News in a
condleen.ec'(t ferm;t gives also the lttte'st
Ne'w (rleares Market Repoets; antd ht
eeeetaeitt meaity Valeeaidei Re'ce'ihet' ler
CIsC on the Fuerm aric Pltantattiut, its
well ace mealy Iuwefil lacteet for I be
Famtilv, thee Kvcitheeb, or thee Seiek Etont.
The ptaper' ic pelented ft'ero learte' tew
typ ee, cin l otin sittetxite'n letge's tet
vitleitie nrattter tevt'' ry eek. Thle' '1 he
col eeum Cctetntleete's Janetaty, 1 M77.
TI'ic Subiscript ice icrice' is $2.51) jet'
vctar, peoet-heaie, $1.51) ler i umttethes, cer
2t5 cents l'tet ette eoteeee, ini ativaece'.
Adelresce -
Onr hlmi'm J'orniu! iand Ilural Sonui