Adverti sing Mates. - A ut
cyulurJ, c o I o F ý
yiiI I 4 1 5 ( ( 4 2 1 0 0 25 1 5 0 2 0 0
310.111 ~ d 13 ICI1P 001o 25 00 304 U00 ~'ih1 1Ar ALIIA nn
4 spiarcý;. 14 4uu la~ 0 2~2 00I 1((0j t., 00) ____________________________________________
nq4I;It:... *. ., TH E W ELFA R E O F TI LE P EO PL0 iS T5I LE SU P E ME L AW .
ý111ýit { 1f i11i 31) VIII 41 U0, 65 0111 PU 00.....~~: '
3S7i ly 510(4 ý 53 i 0i 70 400
n3n 211(';24 001 33 ,1;;100117 ) T H E W E L F R E O T TII P E O P L E T H S UI ILI 1 I?, L .1\V
21qR 0O~ 1ý an1n 11O fficial O rgan of the Wthite Citizens of R ed Ra iver, Sabine, W linn and NVatchitoches P arrs i!CS. srl·"
ji) 0tli(I.4't 4t 44ln -0 -- - 00 - - - - -
it):t i _V L I .NC__T__( E , ..,J NU A Y 9 l7
BUSBIJSS DI ECAORY.
K lI\-Fa'rmilv Groeeries, Corner 241 and
St. Denis itreets.
A M 'LYECIt-Wodand dBlacksluih Work,
. Church Street.
l. .RNTI-The New Stand--Beer Gardens,
Fine Wines,. LiqulrRandl 'iars. St.iDnis.
AALLtIN-Itestiaurant, St Denis Street.
LEX \EE-.Notary Public, St. Denis
street.
F- EVFIILY TCKt' RT-G6eneral Colleeting
B Acet and C:n' asser,. St. IDenis str'eet.
,g-f,itS-,-ol and PitolS sold, made and
J. Repaired. St. Denis qtreet.
'i' I\Rl) & C'A i(PA ELLT..-Merchandiseanu
Ii'lintation Supplies, Front street.
( IAPLI, .f'CN 'A)f( C(Il PLIN--At
1 tnrnev' at Law. Wa.tin,.titn street
fl)I,1F t LEVY-Familr Gro'eries and
UtG Uieral iferchanlizre. Front street.
.fLSP.\RI t DIpTR(ICII-Drv Goods, (Gro
,eeries anl Gieneral M. 'rll'handize. Sole
A -ents f,,r S rew ottom Shoes, Front street.
" NTIEL C.' . SCARIORO, O H, Attornev in
N -'act. :ffhice with \W. 11. (~,Jack. Secolnd St.
-1 El)lt; E (; ItZl.\--Fa;mily Groceries, iunder.
W' Maooniei Lodl', 2d ' Street.
p FoNTre iT-r- Phlanters' lhtel-Faivoritc
i. (arnmers' anld .st ranlgelr+' r.nsort. St. Denis.
. RIIENY -,atnt and Shoes mgade and repair.
J'. ed St Denis Street.
t FORSil0 E W V. KEAlItNEY---R oen"rder and No
S tare I'bhlic, Court iioni.e, 't1 street.
TENRY (ENSII'S--'h.rter Oak Stoves and
1 'Tinware. 'Frontt Street,.
H KA FFEE! --.I)ry Goods and Gr(cediHes, Front
s street.
-I LITI 'IITENI'STEIN-Genera:l assortmellnt
I Dry ;oin ins ;il (rloi'eeries. Front street .
TARltRIS ,IAFF.---Dry (.eods and Groceries,
l Front street.
I PERCY-- Snrveyor St. Denis street.
1] SIMt)ON-- rv (Goods and Groceries, Wash
Il Initon ,lStriclt.
I NELKIN-D)ry Goods and Groceries, Jetler
1* aon, street.
I .JACOtIS-Dry Goods and Groceries, below
* the Dirt bridge. .lett:erson Street.
OTI R .S' A-D-rv (loIs and Groceries,
Sb low the Dirt bridge Jeffrerson Street.
T NO.GENOE & CO--lry Goods and Groceries,
SWashiniton street.
JAS. GEN ITN-Dr . Goods and lrocories,cor.
n er Jetlerson and Amulet Streets.
J . SUDD ATH--Theo Phoenix-Choice Li
-- qnors and Cigars, St. Denis Street.
JTAS. M. D. TUlCKER-Attorney at Law St.
Denis Street.
TAi. KING---Watelrmaker and Jeweler, St.
SDenis street.
, DITNCKLEM.AN-..larness and SaddleVy,
Washington street.
C. TitlCIHEL--General Merchandi e.Wash.
* ington street.
J DlTCAS-General Assortment of !1er.
* c•hanllize, Wasltnrton street.
J IT. STPIIENiSS-Lubnlier Vard. intersectlii
* .Front, Lafarette and Washinggton streets.
J. MCCtI)lK & BRO.--General Wholesale
Si* and lietail Dealer and sole Agent for Wag.
ena, Washingron street.
TA A. DCOURLNATU-Fancy and Staple Dryv
* Go(mds, Boots, Shoes, Hats and Clothing,
Front street
SAMES T. SPROWL - House, sign, and or.
l nanentsl painter. Front St.. corner Tonline.
L CAITEL--T G(lin Bar Room, choice
Wines. fil'tors and Ciizars. Front street.
L EVY& PRHLLIPS-Full stock'.Fancy and
Staple Dry Goodsll and Groceries, Front st.
L DUPLEIX---Land Agent, St. Dent street.
MORSE & DRANGUET...Attorneys at Law,
V1d street, corner Trudan.
M H. CARVER-Dry Goods. Groceries and
M*o General Merchandize, Front street.
O SCRAFFRATII--Boot and Shoe Maker,
* St. Deni n Street.
O CAPMARTIN-Goneral assortment of
*. Goods of all kinds, Jefferson st-est.
S)0WELL & GALLION-Physicains and Sur.
- geons',t. Denals Street.
P. VEUiLEMAN - Undertaker, Washingtoti
. Street.
.POETE-Baker, Jefferson street.
IiETITJEAN BLUDWORTH & CO-Wood.
A work and Blacksmithing, Corner 3d and
Sibley 8ts.
D VEULEM lA &--Family land Plantatbla
- * Groceries, Washington street.
S. CALVES,.Dentist, Jefferson street.
- E. BURKE-Cheap Family and Western
b. Grocery Dealer, Front street.
SP." PUPSOV--Liveryl, Sale and Feed Stable,
- n St. Dns Street.
 NELKINS- Dry Goods and Groceries, Jeff
a erson Street, below Dirt bridge.
8WINBARG-General s oerchandite. Plan
ltuti on and Family Supplies, Front Street,
POSDry Gooils and Groceries, Wish
LACOIITE-Drnggist and Apothecary,Front
-'atreet.
T k&LLER-Bnck's Brilliant Stoves and
* ?fmware, Washington Street.
 TAUZIN--Billiard Room and Bar, Front
SSClLJtLAN-Wholesale and Retail Rer
Shealt-general assortment for the trade
,I' Jid~K.-Attorney at Law, Id street, )
W • eorTer Trudan.
 M. DOST--BoM and Shoe Maker, St. Denis
Street.
Professional Cards.
* U J. cUJ.WIJeGres,
lTTOREY AT LAW.
44 Carendt Street NIw ORLEANS, LA.
ILL atten4 the Jnae and December terms
N ot the Distrlts courts at his old home
-Natehltochbi, I
F. .S. rao1k
(Saccessor to JAcx & P!Ino!x)
Attorney and Counselor at Law
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
, tLLpraotice in the C(nrtsofbrLfst
Ssbne, D~eSoto, Rel River, Winn, Rapider,
!IGra., nd li the Supreme Court o the
-.il I promptly attended to.
m 3. Levpy
' "TOr NEY AT LA 'W
S; e dthePraoctioe his Profelaeon.)
, ao of Natchitohe soad Red River
f Louisianau, United States Dis.
irait Court et LouIsiana and U. S.
a at Washington.
ln the Laosete Building (Up
tarn.) a
Y NATC BITOCHES, L.
º 18"*
JOIl.t" B. OIO EIITSOXIr
(Late of New Orleanhs,)
ATTORNEY & COU:LO3 ATLAW
C(OUS II[ATTA,
RED l RVER PARISII, LOUISIANXA.
Will practice in Conshatta, Natch ito
ches, Manli,,chl, IMany, and in every part
of NorthlIwest Louisi:an Special atten
tion given to Lantd castes alnd Successions.
June 9th, 1877-tf.
J II. CUNNINHlIAM,
'ttorizct & 0otuictUo~ir at 4i)r,
St. Denis Street,
Natelhitotlhes, : • • .•]
1IL give prompt aml personal at
tcLtiun to all Iusineus entrusted to
his care
Practices in the District and Parish
Courts in the Parishel oif Natchitoches,
Red Ri er, DlSotoand 41 abineuh, and before
the Siupreme Court at Monroe and New
Orleans. Jan 5 '7T-ly.
D.L I ,"L. C. SCrI BORO U I,
ATTORNEY IN FACT.
W ILL practice in the District and
SParish Conrts of Natchitoches,
Winn. Saltine and Grant.
All business intrusted to his care will
receive prompt at tention.
Otlice with W. H. Jack Esq., Second
Street, Corner Trudeanux, Na tchlitolhes,
La. Dec. . ]y.
T)RS. P'OWELL& GALLION,
HAVE ASSOCIATED THIEMSELVES IN
TILE P1'IACTICl OF MEDIICINE
AND SURGERY.
OFFICE ON
St. Denis Street, : A: 'atchiloches, La.
Jan 5 '78-3m
M!..A.. Dunmz.n,
Physician and Surgeon
Montgomery, La.
Business Cards.
C.A. BULLARD- . II.CAMI'BELL
13ullard & Campbell,
-DEALERS IN
DRY GOODS,
GROCERIES,
HIARDWARE,
And GenerOal Merchandise.
Corner FRONT & LAPAY.F.TI Street,
N atch itochcs, La.
lTIGHEST cash price paid for cotton and
l 1 counntry produce in cash or merchandise.
Mlarch "5-1"t.
Peter Ve'ulemain,
-DEALER IN
FAMIL Y GROCERIES
A full assortment of W~LLrr-PArPE con
stantly on hand.
Sno,,al inducements to CASH Customers.
WASHINGTON STREET,
Natchitoches, La.
March 25--1y.
J,. C. T.riohel,
-DEALER IN
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, HARD
WARE, BOOTS and SHOES, HATS,
ETC.
Highest cash price paid for Cotton and
Country Produce.
WASHINGTON, ST.,
NATCHITOCHES, LA
RL. ". "NEUIELILE,
-dealer in
GROOCERIES
FRoNT STREET, Natchitoches, La.
C. L. WAIMSLEY. IR. II, WALMS8LET
C. L. WALMSLEY & CO,
COTTON FACTORS
-AND-
GENERAL COMMISSION MERCHANTS.
Perdido St., New Orleans, La.
March 25--ly.
Osoar Cho-pin
EOTTON FACTOR
--ANnD-
COMMISSION MERCIANT,
No. 65 CARONDELET ST.,
July 1-1y New Orleans.
I, D. WORRALL,
WITr
SIMMONS' HARDWARE CO.,
-IMPORTERS OF
HJR RDWJRE & CuTLER r
ST. LOUIS, MO,
July 14-Om.
T. 8. FOSTER JR.,
WITH
OIR & LINDSEY,
-MANUFACTURES AND) JOBBERS
BOOTS and SIHOES
ST. LOUl1, MO,
July Il-o6m.
JORN I. TUCIPE
Magistrate War'd 1.
,t. Dois 8treet, : : Natchitoches, 14.
PROMPT attention given to all business
entrested to his care,
) Claims collected at small cost.
Refers to the Bar Generally.
Jan 5 '8-ly
fUTT'S PILLS
A Noted Divine says
They are worth their
weight in gold.
READ WHAT HE SAYS:
DR. TurrL.-Dear Sir: For ten years I have been
a martyr to Dyspepsia, Constipation, and Piles. Last
spring your pills were recommended to me; I used
them (but with little faith). I am now a well man,
have good appetite, digestion perlect, regular stools,
piles gone, and I have gained forty pounds solid lesh.
They are worth their weig ht in gold.
Rev. R. L. SIMPSON, Louisville, Ky.
TUTT'S PILLS
CUBE SICK HEAD
ACHE.
TUTTS PILLS
CURE DYSPEPBIA.
TUTT'S PILLS
CUBE CONRTITATION
TUTT'S PILLS
CURE PILES.
TUTT'S PILLS
CURE FEVER AND
AGUE.
TUTT'S PILLS
CURB BILIOUS COLIO
TUTT'S PILLS
CURE KIDNEY COM
PLAINT.
TUTT'S PILLS
CURE TORPID LIVER
-U4LL
Dr. Tutt has been ent
gaged in the practice of
medicine thirty years, and
fora longtimewasdemon.
strator of anatomy in the
Medical College of Geor.
gia, hence persons using
his Pills have the guaran
tee that they are prepared
on scientific principles,
and are free from all
quackery.
lie has sncceeded in
combining in them the
heretolore antagonistic
qualities of a strenllhen
ifg,purgativr,andaapur
il » onic.
Their first apparent ef
fect is to increase the ap
petite by causing the food
to propetrly assimilate.
Thus the systemn is nour
ished, and by their tonic
action on the digestive or
gans, regular and healthy
evacuations are produced.
The rapidity with which
fersos take ao fish,
while under the influence
of these pills, of itself inm
dicates their adaptability
to nourish the body, and
hence their efficacy in cu.
ing nervous debility, mel.
ancholy, dyspepsia, wast
ing of the muScles, slug
gishness of the liver
chronic constipation, and
wIVIS uuLuaupau4uu KIu
imparting health and strength to the system. Sold
everywhere. Office, 35 Murray Street, New York.
TRIUMPH OF SCIENCE.
Gray Hair can be changed to a
elossy black by a single application of
Dr.Tmrr's Har Dye. It actslike magic,
and is warranted as harmless as water.
Price $S.oo. Office35 Murray St., N.Y.
WHAT IS QUEEN'S DEUGHT?
Read the Answer
it is a plant that grows In the South, and is spe.
cially adapted to the cure of diseases of that climate.
It is
NATURE'S OWN REMEDY,
Entering at once into the blood, expelling all scrof
ulous, syphilitic, and rheumatic .affections. Alone,
it it a searching alterative, but when combined with
Sarsaparilla, Yellow Dock, and other herbs, it forms
Dr. Tutt's Sarsaparilla
and Queen's Delight,
The most powerful blond purifier known to medical
science for the cure of old ulcers, diseased joints, foul
discharges from the ears and nostrils, abscesses, skin
diseases, dropsy, kidney complaint, evil effects of
secret praetices, disordered liverand spleen. Its use
strengthens the nervous system. imparts a fair com
plexion, and builds up the body with
HEALTHY, SOLID FLESH.
As an antidote to syphilitic poison it is strongly
recommended. lHundreds of cases of the worst type
have been radically cured by it. Being purely veg
etable its continued use will do no harm. The best
time to take it is during the summer and fall; and
instead of debility. headache, fever and ague, you
will enjoy robust health. Sold by all druggists.
Price, $1.oo. Office, 3. Murray Street, New York.
O. Shtaftrath,
Boot and Shoe Ttaker.
C HALLENGES the world for neatness
and durability of work. Satisfacti-,:
in fit and material guaranteed
Shon ~a St. Denis St.
,. "A.- Lem on ,
NOTARY PUBLIC.
(Office under Vindicator Office,)
ST. DENIS STREET,
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
April 29.
H. NORES,
JEWELER, JEWELER,
!!Tl MIBi
-AM- -AND
OPTICIAN OPTICIAN.
All kinds of repairing (lone at the short
est notice, and in the most artistic man
ner, with full satisfaction guaranteed.
Clocks, Watchbes and Jewelry for Sale at
the Lowest Rates.
A FULL & COMRPLETE "TOCK.
Office and Shop on St. Denis St., corner Second.
Dec. 22-ly.
JAMES 0. MOISE,
Portrait Painter, Natchitoches La.
CABINET SIZE:AND PRICES EXCLU
SIVE OF FRAMES, OVAL OR
SQUARE.
8x10 $15,00. 10x12 $16,00. 12x14 17,50
14x16 $20,00. 16x18 $25,00.
18x20 $30,00. 18x24 35,00.
LIFE SIZE, HEAD AND BUST, OVAL
OR SQUARE.
20x24 $40,00. 22x27 545,00. 25x30 $50,00
KIT-KAT, SQUARE.
29x36 & 30x36 $80,00, each.
Portraits of deceased persons painted
from photographs.
Dec 15-tf
JOSEPH C KEYSER,
Briekmaker and Layer.
8 PREPARED to do all work entrusted
i to him quickly and in a workmanlike
manner. Tomb, Chimneys, Cisterns and
other work solicited.
Orders left at BULLARD & CAMP
BELL'S will be promptly attended to.
Jan. 27, ly.
Beverly Tuoker,
General Collector.
o1 All Accounte promptly eollicted.
OURT WASHlIN(GTON LETTER.
WAsttiNG;TON. D. C., Jan. 5, 187th.
It is likely that, outsile of the sil
ver question, 1)einoi'rats in the Sen
ate will have no emore imllportant
r question before them than that as to
what tlhey shall do on thle snhject of
cmnfirming the ionliinatinns of Mr.
Hayes, against the practically united
Republicans of the Senate. The la
n test ildicationis are that llayes will
s again send to the Senate thie nit, I
n, of those who were rejected whet,
, nminat d for places in the Ne'w
h tY k Custom 1louse. If the same
pIersons ale niot lnamtled, others will he.
A, Against tlhose alte:uly re:jecte'd ntoth
or ing possibie can he said exce.pt Ihat
Il they hid ni experience in the line of
e theirproposed duty, and uwetie ont
rmoe worthy1 citizens tfin tho-c' tlIhe
were nominaited to displace. It ought
d to be made pIlain to all that there is
11no real questlin of civil service re
tfort in this toatter. It is purely a
he political fight. Mr. layes, or 1Mr.
ic Evants or Mr. Schuiz w ishes to in
e rterie kith Itr. Ciokliing's acutrctati
colntol of the epulblieans of New
York ; or it may be, Mr. Coliklting
Shopes to injure soIme or all these
C. gentlCnietL ; or elIch oft tlltei may u.s
Spire to futire leadership in the party.
r- It is at all events, a partizan qtiai'el.
'lThe only question, it seems to nue,
:h for Demnocrats to consider, is as to
the police, as 1)emliocrats, of soplprt
ing one or tle other ,of the lhllige
rents. If they do, not feel called upon,
r. as Senatorsll , to otle at all, that set
tIles the question so far as tlhey are
. conce'lledl, and tihe Relpublicants have
rd the tight to tlheuselves. linut if h(m-n
Id ocratic Serna tors (will vo~e, it bIeciiines
k. imapoitalt they so vote as not to ill
- jure their own party.
* It is desirable to put the Republi
c3nt party into, ta position where it
uinst inevitably remain i in hopeIless
minurity, except in a few States.
)Democratic Senators should refrain
from interieling with the leadershipl
of Messrs. Conkling, Blainie and Chan
dier. These nean represent, in their
general policy, an idea tht t controls
a7 ( can hereafter control, dnly a
minority of the peoiple of the countrv.
What is the oijectin to putting the
lRepubliean patty into their hand-.
h\Vly, at a time, whea tlhe De:ocracy
controls thle Hlluse, and, practit'ailly
the Senate, should we t ftee the le
publican pat ty out of a position whecre
its final defeat is inevitahl ? There
are Reiputblican titional posihilities
with llayes and Evarts. lhere ame
none but local ones with Conkling
and Blaine.
'Tiiers is rea;sonable, hope that the
prlsent C.,ngress will simplify tlie
tai iif greatly. Chairman W\Voodl of
the W\ays and81 Me;ns Conmnmittetc ,
L says the nilnher of items in the bill
to lie plresented will be less thau one.
fifth of the number at this time. MIr.
Wood is an eminently practical man]
and well infirmned on the subject be
fore the Commiinittee.
I am uitnable to repeat on good
aut hority what was given as a rumnor
in a previoms letter, viz: Tlhat Se'n
etor Patterson's resignatiion is in
writing and \\ill soon be forwarded to
South Carolina, even if it has not al
ready gone. The influtece brought
to hear on hIim to prevent his resig
nation were so st ong during the ses
sion of Congress as to cause delay in
whatt h Ihad already dletermined upon.
Thie reasoun given for resignling is ihis
inability, owing to ill Ihealth, to at.
tend to Ihis Senatorial dluties.
McComnick-the evei'lasting MeCom
ick--who triembled so hlig between
holding and resigning tlhe otiee of
Assistant Secretary of thle Treasnry,
is now Cornmmissioner General to the
Patia Exposition, and hlis gigantici
intelltet is absorbed in the question
whlether his Iheadliqlarters slhall be in
this city or New York. He seeks ad
vice from tle Ipress onil the subject. It
is Iolped that ill giving such atldvice
no pilper will fail to ilettion that it
is McComick who is Comtnissiouner
General.
ALBION.
-
To the General Assembly and tihe
State Administration of the Un
Redeemied State of Louisiana.
[Ouachita Telcgraph.]
The formation of a new constita
tion for this State was thle very es
sence of thle lefia'n begun with the
inatgnration of the present State gov'
erunment. It is now a question of tite
highest privilege-the only question I
unsettled, and, strange as it may ap
pear, to a few a question wlhich may I
be safely put aside, notwithstanding
a thoroughly renovated coustitution I
for Louisiana is just as essential for I
her redemption and prosperity as a
solid foundation is for the grasitet
walls of the custom house in New Or
leans. The ceremonies, gewgaws and t
pastry of a rehabilitated State we
have had and in superabundance.
Jollifications, hand-shakings and all I
the formal proceedures have been in- I
dulged in. Neighbor hias smiled
upon neighbor, this leading man has I
grasped thie hand of the other, parish
hlas echoed to parish congratulations I
upon the change wrought, the Leg- 5
islature has met and incubated, and f
the suffering people of Louisiansa-so a
long the bondsmen of plonderers and s
mandicafts - have calmly settleda
down, we are asked to believe, in re- I
pose, flattering themselves that Rad- lI
icalism is extinct and misrule undone I
foreverl I The glare of temporary v
success- the indulence tlhat follows a v
long-sustained effort-the stupor of il
intoxication-all have oeambined to i
stifle the vigilance of the sentinele on t
the watchtower, and the drowsy, e
stupefied guardians of thle State's l
weal tell us that all is well.
And yet there exists to day as the or- 1I
ganic law of Louisiana-of Louisiana s
redeemed-the iniquitous Clonstitution Y
of 1868, framed by plunderers and f
enemies for the express purpose of t
plunde; and disfranchisement, under c
which the people are living and which t
all the courts and officials of the State v
;alre s 'A i ta to oill '; .l11 lIesp° t . I).1
they ,,hey it ? flIw c;an tlhey resilee.
it , It is the badig of serrvitude-theli
1. last relic of hboidge. Fr;amed he
Iº- had men who wheret nver ehlected,
it datntid t itlh discliin. ti n, agai.st
to intelligence and prop,'rty, the C- ,n
of slittution ofI t 1s 1ti t l o't v ith Irelli L i'
r. from prominneot Rei'piulihicanl. at fhi.
yd stait, iand ~i as fast'rlined ilpn the lipen
t- ple of Louisiana vithout evenl the
fl forms of an honllest exlnresion of pop
i tlar preference, It has not, nor ha
, it ever had any vital fire, and it
II nOW Claims our respect only be.ause
le it is s1 odious itn rm' aind substanlice
e. that it has kept atliv l the spi t ilof rei
, sisItance to R l ical ,lpl II..-sion II1l
it by its iniquity his lhe'ne'd toI over.'
t tlhrow its malevolent buldehrs.
t We tutrn Vith liathing froni tlhi.
a ad instrument. It liiC hbeforte us ita.
it we write, I,just as it ca'ite fi.rom the
is handllis of the builiers, ad turr to
+ what Article we may we a;e remind
d e oft' the iron hind it'f l.ilial task
l. astlers who ruled LoMisi; lll ias t h i\t
-aw lit and grew rich by theft andi
e oppreslsionl. W\e call to mlilnd the
Sionldly enrpet-h _gr and sc.daai:igs
g ho) f'rahedl this iu.stiiuinwtt and
,e aulted l into higih liaces - 1st of
them beggars or coonvicted felons now
---aid iy that samlle tklen, the son
. rcuir ofl he pioph';s grief' andl pvelr
Stv, we can Ieasily colljllll l upl selcoind
t visitation of thlit'c inalitoe de 'llouri'g
lcttts.t.
Biiut we ane'tohld that the Letgislatu re
, is soon to asseimble, andl Ithe Conlist i
tutiion will ie anit'ded. Soi it is, the
e Legislaturie is aboiat t to tmeet. To
e meet fjolr what I To stille the \Voice
- of the eoplel ? To say Mhait the iet
s pie who gracitiosly sentl thenii tio Ithe
Legishat urle, littl Ie tlii1 kiog they
woulit be permitted to enac i) t a sinigle
- law, shall notlt extrise their siover
ieilght ii tn the making of an or ganic
s lLt sitied to thieir wants and to the
clhangi l conditinll of a"liiit s iin this
SSilate siice New Yeairss dtie ofl ist
p year ? Whitnianil whiat is lthe Leiis
- iure that. it shniold aibsorb all tlihe
I ight1s a itt r p rogativ's of it sover
s eign people 'l f
a Tro aniil the Cornstitutioln of INfS'
. woultl e n endless task. It canniot
e Ihe alited l-it mnst be oi)liferadl.
TTh'ere is no malitihiiess iii devices, or
s.ll ub rtn ;l.!. 'Fh llile pe l e want nl i
Si'niiec'ti'ig link Aith ladirtii iinfaiiny.
T he slirit which imade Nicholls thlie
e Chief Executive wioulid eind its rei'itg
Sin a tizzle were thoise whlito gave it ex.
Sprcessio to slliit tio the patchwork
e of legislative a meno iol onn Its. The
Snieimbliers of the Legislahitirt i.l best
leave this ti nkeriog aloie. Not onei
acf tihel was elected lfor suc-h a prill
0 poseL, hti the dprise was expressel'ldc
I or i pll lied by thelil ini a cnv:iit lss to
, lib 'iite Louisiana once i lru f ir all i
I They d:iae not, witholiut tfiltsiliati nlt
of' tthis pledge, refuse to call ia (oi en
rtlll of the people's delegaites, l i
S loatter what this or that leailing pol
itiii may say. Let themni ear ill
tn1litn, perpetually, ia st, htst and :all
I the time, that Louisiaina is not rc
r redeemed, and thoat their ditty is int
ilisChchaliged untlil thl peopleh ate con
' Vked in conlvenition. If a niew nluti
better Colilstitlll tiot is in t liatde ano i
adopted, the mietthbers' of the Legis- I
ltire will at least have dono whuat
plail duty required. It is mnorally
certain that the State cannot ,e
worsted.
And thtte iadminltition of Gov.
Nicholls is not wit hitut its share of
resonsibilityi in this ait iter. The;
elecfionr of Gov. Nicholls was tot tlhe
sliuddeln gush of pltopular zeal, or
frenizied favor for lthe 1ln, It was V
rather al deel-seated lontigitig for ac
tail lieofoor a uvhiolesoueu, per
aiani'nlt chaoige frotn had hi gtolod
govetirnment. Ini somie 8else this ex-t
pectation has been realized, bunt ioit I
to tlte e xtele it anticipateil. The l
tresenet Suite gov'er'ietniit has notl i
ihnlie ill twelve noitths, with all its
t'esources. wh-at the ietineted Allen
did in tin tree niothis witl ou any re
sotirces at all. Ttre has been a
conspiCuous lack of vigor aind vllii, ito
which we have betle ito willing wit
tiss, iti the tiilatiuig('tnilt itt our Stifi
attairs. T'he 'ic iistiioits liheginning of .
JauUrly last has ieenii alhlwed slowly I
to ganthe(r tHie dust and cobwehs of t
lethargy, aid thle buoyaney llatonl id n
liusiastit of a .year ago are well liighi
stmirtthlerid wilh a de'dtiitig stittlilr
all over the late. Ntt battle e'et
borte frtuits which r'as not fl;Iwed ti p
vigortutsly. And thus we ishall iod l
that Ihe Radicals itt this State, by tittlt
being titterly crisheil wh, etthey wet-i h
d(lfatled aud downi, tire now quietly a
and confidenltly r'epatnllg fori a se.
cond lease of the .tate at the uext
election. Then, is not the folly of
delay in the formatiion itf a whole- a
some Cotstitition ph1in to every
thiniking man ? Will not Gutii. Niic. v
oils set forwaid to cotiiplete his vic- p
tory ? Or wil lie content to leave
(he high office lie fills to a successor
who will be required to swear alle
giance to a Constitution lie cantot
possibly respect ?
But we have the objection of ex
pens~ of itpecutliosity to answer.
.1The full redemption ofLuutuisiana--the t
liberty oit he people and their assiurt d
salvation-is tar sale! We, who have t
felt the Radical yoke; and staked hin
or life and everything to be freemen
once more, are to be jewed down ioto
acquiesence, and, for the make of dol
lars and cents, surrender our man
hood and birthilight ! WhyN are
Louisianians so base as this? Our tn
wealth is not in dollars and cents-for c
we are all impoverished; but it is our h
institutions, our government and onr
hospitality, "No sichi miserable in- tI
terrogatar--as What is all this ti
worth 1" should confront a people 'ito
long to be free. This tatty do for if- ci
flee-holders, or for itnpecuninigs legis
lators wiio cannot make buckle and c
strap meet, oef for buzzing politicians
who do not pay a nickle in taxes; but tI
for those who have struggled through
ten years of Radical wrongs, and now
crave a complete cancellation, of all
the death grips of Radicalism, nothing ti
will solkcq but a NEW CONBTII'UTION, b
) -,t i, I r I 1 ( ,," i t l +1 4111' I Iit ri11lth , " o fi n 1 ) Ill.
kd . e :, 1(ri1 : d l l,: ii lr,'h, tariff |
I11
. The t al r l t' i t'$tn.' Ii
, t'ill' ItIl c 1 1, i rSri,.,,:. t o 1 al
1 i'r h1 iPr+.1 eeb for thT+, h' lexal P1+I'idh.
lbitilroadi~ lilt!,
I Th' 'rii ' il il h 'I V et it 4')1 ri .. says i t hl,'
º 1'l t l sfi r the T1:)l l t r ';11 ille r:lr'I ioh1
Iitv. r le41 d ir i ht, r 1 iti'th L :.d t ;i4 . t: Isi
iI lhe rl'pretIIt: !ili '.s "h : l have °etui )ed
frl' lh 't k, 1) ph' hivf or+': '111' new ilaili
:il i i litti .: 1 1',n The "I L c LI t. ' )l h. rMont
Ir- h < r htln a lilc , ilgi. ollll :1lt11 utie e !,
n iL t+nil ( Lit , eiiil' 114` I' .e 11"! i1 l ILI' l i' t al> e
i tec .. 'i 11, " i t nly li ai Ilt htail 'i;l of th il li
II'i'rc , hl' ' t aI ' 111 ' m1 .I t r.1it .in, allt t it
d lt1 l i'tit . i nil rs 'I II il hio' s I
wl.L' Iwil l'ile  1". : o1 (14 i llo Io l'll l l
l;l1" 11;.114 ... 1 'I,. 114)'144-111 )7 111~'i' 14)i(til -
t 44lllat I I 11' . i r''lil' 1ly 1 ,i 1 4.,it h eir
. llr :e ti' give ( ' it their s11 l rtt i illt. 'i
S1e1t'Il r ta 111 ' a Till .7141 I. I
it hl;I : 1t s h, Itli i, ilver w ioall i aiett i1 ol
rtes., :l i nil nl ii, th:,i:_il shol ot if.
lhills:ltlter ti,'. fyii\ni! lbethrt the conii
i~iti,'e ]ft f;or t , btotlhr.
1 iillti' .'l ll e'' for the lh ' ' +iii l e ol
Al ai'gii t 'll+,i C 1i 4 t day, wh, ll Insl ra
thion of 'ipi uliiatitc .'iliilltio h,';lv'een the
t\wi CO sti esil'i'' wa;1. l't','t nlldl.
The fli'r.Iid ll t hi s ' i I lrd'ii ll to'I o S ays ill
ri ' lo l4t' \l ld r i t ii , ti (e 1 illl' t Ic. M oi"
Iwl ti'irde.rersl'n li \ t r w . roh ti de tth
lto itipr ili e lti't l 't . o lifti.
Th '11 abin, t ha ed t 1 .htrt l t aih1 1"itortani
80844011
lraltio :" O 11'L ' i'hy ( if l i1i , is llnou -
1t:I' ab hi e(') t a ,lll 0 ilhvr 1111, 11.
In the cn iitulitigin of Iho inlplriesshin
is sotwti d that till' assi(nersgi' hais : sinledl
the lea.e:..t, and olisy i:i llarnnty of the
Sh:t xial il ' 1111; , ItI I' Iho1'tll i 'ri n ii t with
T w ho 1i1'.'"il Intal o f onl.
The oit- rehiale + 'u s;p rnditnrtheg
Ntl:h l s' tI olir vo it th i r iv. t1l)iit. will
tol , i ger nerrlimni N pOWi. t h . ,l,
lle:, '. sh8,r sl'i)` i a !ex otted ofri i
Csto he11l 1rat t .9i of hi.) 111.rvi ie41ts i 1 the ct-il -
t 1ailltn7 r lt1' . \il . T 'g. L Dtll rr h i l al
irIilill 1tlV was ilc ioled itr) liri lion'is
The 4ll ilver Bitll t',Ii , ill e tn .on
A i ron ly atteilis : lit tnetii' of1 . t'he cot.h
tro ciltxl 'lll e it hth his i:1t , l with
Tihi T. 11u.iti , oreshident, iln1 the chail r.
fRconsoluthuiti wvre Ii's S, ck'ntPniltorv of
lBhind s s11 'v1 r bill, ais'ro ini Il hal is l I s
Thge 'o'1,llto had itlturiols i te ioltt
l rodrei1n.g i't ntrs of tlie imcoiris r, whkii
is clsely a1 lli'ed with the silvalket f th'
\h. It y as e he hitereskt :like of t sthe
usrlltl , ' phialr t erl~il<1 atni lilbore r that "our
e tallard '' hfahitws shoul t hali'oinT.
wi tths), ofetih e 1 lrieiial cuaSniercirl
gtl Ihe Piate 14n l4 10001i~a Iliiil Ut}ss(t'x the
inti'n o I1' it' woril. Thoy hil di'ci i with
sin 14) 11 f)111'r)11 ie, iti t llt g ta l
osatishtlin lh( rsolhtionht of thee 'low
has not( rjitd to tllS.r nu Pn1, liºo h tt
to gt'e, Jan(.1''Iuu 118(1i sl IIu'rlltleJ, 11.
Orlheais clrilngil hoiu.Se nltid chal tiler fiii
('ibsl )l;ation ol this sftbrjects deonit t( heai'
f~igtng fist'(I. Ii.' W. T3. b't''ia~i is alos
citornsts ideltical.
Lyuchied.
T e1 ri tly onight i tned' ase ilich 'se wto
takleli olitr of jail hin t. lFranll ivilhe, West
The icT r i ls i im lA laegi b hy ie tr y of wh it ce
teol rfhicre was thtr'1I oith the killhig
1i sToic Wtst, Dielcrasicrl, tllte thate.
Noti'ti cilldbe 1 o6l. th ti1ed ith PIii . t
hIimseln(f: diretl't ofd ther conid ry be noques
Ibut presently otae hiit:lf uep itad ot I'
lbaogld it jwao l pat c . Fr ncasville.
FOIREIGNi,
Tie. fereloli hI:nrreeioin.
IiLotdln, ,|;il. 10.--hi ~onneti÷tlonl with
lthe I'ep rteltd~ t.onlmlll nnll' tlltif of hostili
ties het.wte'l the ins'Ulrget'lt, and 'lTirksj ili
Cr'ett, ai recenti~ Alhei+ kheilr says the
Gr'ietk revol!ltiioliary co. miititt,; of" x\hlicl
lhilgarhi is cthiel, had inivitedl thert; rcnls
to senld dcputiiis to t fliaitioatli iistenilly
1o decieh lite Hu stl~l' liall of 'Grl'lei'i. Ti'l
bilittalhous' wtere to hi; raised hill lily two
Werl' actuallly Ibriiitu. Tiie Tuirki,.h gov
erinmiit.i; had fIve', battaililions of relief| bt il
iintelndhd lt tirl-allize Ihe Maihloiiedilta itl
haililt nts. Tihe Tiirks secni decihdte to
onily hohld lowi+ oi \,he tcoasft ailid hl~ea
tihe. hterior to the hinsuigenit,. If all tho,
christiail mnen johin he in,.sirrectioli it, will
lilliier ailitiit 1+(,0+0 risinlg CJretes.-- 1
Tilere+ is ililli<'lst eoxcite'lilt at Athens
iild the revoluthioniry cmitteinilel is ilrged
to order al ri'.ing inl Thessaly, but. the go.
verlnmelt+ has diistuttdet lthrigutri fi'oml
W~ar N'ews.,
The Political C~orreasponttence's spechil
froin C.onit.ntlinhileph saiys8ulllemiiai Pashla
has hbeei relieved of 1.is cotnilliand ;ili
ordered to Conistaithinophe.
A correspondent of the Times sa'ys the
balttlliolus caplured iu Schiphak~ a st p r'O
bably niilihr ii'1, to .110 litn. The vie- !,
to ry w a s th io ra .n lk o +f a t'< 'mn h in etd /lm o re ;
mlentL b.y Getteral| Rldet.ky n\ind 8kohiilolfi
throingh Schipha: aiid TJrogaii llalses re-I
aet~iclively,
TJhte ari'iticie has it yl, 't beenl arranl.
ged Thec Porte has. r'ececiwd Russia's ani
swer to Turkish c:o n niiiiil t(a ioii propto
s~ing al airniisiicie, intihlitlig thliat iegoi.
tlnilolns muilt he o tidiicted oii a bai.,is o["
eventuial pletcec onidilhiins. The Port~e
has iiot replied to this.
lBelg ,aude, Jail. 11l.--Nisch 81urrtenidered
this muor nih g hi colisteq untic e of the cap
t or e by sttor mt yesttrd aty anlld Wld liesd ay
o f G oriitzii, V eiiik and aill tither high ett
coililnlildilng fotlrlesses of ih,, townl. The
tigliling lasted fi'vo day..' Serviauilhss
considerable.
The reply of Grand Dulke Nicholas to
the Tulrkish colouander-in-chief that he
would refer the latter a overture for ar
mistice to St, Petershnrg, state- tha ne
gothationls couhl only be ondutiiiebd with
himself dlirect a nd there co uld lhe nioqiies,-i
tion at present ot an armistice without a: o
basis lor neace,
The lI):ily Nevw ' cn r':epe nle'nlIt e t
I rl sal t). 1 I'nh ke oi n rt eeivinr th
he \w of Iloi kii ', dei:ith, ,aid: "I expc'Il
,d it :a l I have i.ardfi need him; let ut'
rnon pr ' or the. r:tpo.,e of his ouil."
Fra n 'e.
31. (Grevy r -eletced pIresidolit of del'p
i.' by :;a volte", o: t of ai tot:tl of 3' .
M i:ny depl ie s i." ' of til ri.;ht a'h;tinled. 11.
S Ikh;, ntr.o,. I3ri-son aln1 htmnn . It,Rputi:
rns. ::r;d ('inot lhitihtt dae ('itve era,. lI
gitimii't, ehle.ted sicie '`ri'eihnlitsi ])D ,k
Ih Aen lifrte . Ie:teiir, ra-e-.l.hteId presiheh'.,
if tihe ,,e'ieae by\li I7 ,oti aga i~ int tt
blank. 1'olrnlier prrsjidents re eleetevd.
I'E I:SONALS ABOUT LAIIES.
is M rs. Ia ;.e dloenll't w'e'tr low ueck
even: for flli tdies,.
II
S Gaiil IllIniltni fintst feel I ts uneasy
in as a b;t lhter it, ilh tIhat lockjaw.
.Miss on Ii ilhihrn averages one hin.
Iclrtl and forty stepis a Ininiute.
.atihd F'e]tclhier is startitng fetnall,
socia cience clubt s in thie laind,
"i
(C'lara I),ti, the well knows sopra -
Snoin, is reipolled eiigtiged to a Bostonl
hlawyer.
Janall helk's snhare of the profits for
onme week at l'Philadelphia theater
was $ 3,0.
Mis. General Caster is Secretary of
the Ladies' Art Association of New
I York.
Julia Moore, the "Sweet Singer of
Michig;an," goes on tlie: lecture plat
form with flowing hair and a tinsel
ScrioW ilo niit her head.
Alice Oatee' cried like a lWhy "Welln
dhe found that smnebodly hadn't Imtta
tnew husband in her stetcking,--loch
r ester D)emoerat.
Miss Mav Alcott is meeting with
good fortuni, ias anll artist, in Londot
lOnel of her paitilitg, thunig in thie Duld
I'y Gallcl y, \vwas disposed of readily,
at a fair price.
Fannye Kembhle, once a bewitching
b;eauty, is now vlty-hiv, yea'rs old,
e andl tl ighs nearly two hundred
pounds. She reads now only for the
I mrutnse lcnl t of her friends.
SMiss Clara Jerome, daiughter of
Letitnmard Jeri',ome, Esq., of New York.
twill shot fly e'he m lied to the Earl of
W\\iC'kihw. Miss Je'rotme, is one of thle
belles of New York, antd is represent
ed as beingecxtremely pretty! and a -
couildished.
Di Maskrta likes pets. She keeps in
I her rot011 anI alletiouate moutse, two
Australian magpiecs, a Scoth poodle,
and a remarktably profano piarot.
Vlhen this inlventory was taken iIn
Nevada her bulldog was getting doc=
trtted in San Francisco.
Miss Grace Bussell, the young Aulst
tralian lady who showed last year,
such braver y in saving several ship
S eecketd people, and to wheou was
awarded the lic Iutane Soeietr's medal
has just been given a gold watch and
chain by the British Hoard of Trade.
Widow Oliver, at \Vashington is a
shining illustrationi of the valun of old
,l an Welter's advice, "aittnivel, ny
son, bevare of the vidders." One
thotisand hushed her only about two
weeks. In flct, it only furnished her
with retaining ftes for a lot of law.
yers.
Miss i-Margaret FToley, the sculptress,
who diild ltlely inl Merau, in the Aus
tralian Tyrol, was an excellent wo
ItlIIi ;ild ail artiList tf nmuch taste latlid
cellnscience. It wias in IBoston tlhant sltH
began tlhe canco-cutting which led
her afterwards to higher work in
iRoie.
Mrs. Zeld.l Seguin, talking the oth
ir day ef MAtladtae Iaie'in anl her
hushatd, aid ihat at. otie sehearsal
the Iprimini dotntnt easte in late, and
Rosa, who is a strict dircl'tor, stoppedh
the singers and saidtl: "Enphrosyne
this is a very bad example f.r you tt
set the geitlehnen and it ldies etf the
comrn tmy. 'You litist inot do so again.
Alild Parepa obeyed.
Mile. Iitieint' furniture and effectt
were solhi the oIther dlay, atlid great
nitil severte cnl peltition, :and tlt prices
iliiOiilltg tO 'irife than their intrin
sic v'al nte. Theie were a large nmir
hir of buyers Iprtsent de-tertmined lo
j)Oe(SS litem IItll esfl' of llhearlti, te. The
gra:ul l i:illo wans tonght for about
$.0--whiiclh wasi mtlth siteillreP tlihan
wthll f'('IIt pissiblse to Ih.se lun;tc
customed to European figuitlt,
Ml's. Marlha E. Berr,, the nnlthort
"Bella, or the Cradle of iberlt ,-,," has
leasdl a large hIolse on ])otehIester.
avenuet, 1ear Ilrthor View stLeet,
South iostotn, whicdh site l.lpoposes to
have ittcled ti with ill the comforts of
a Itmee, andi in which sie will receive
ins;ate or parltialy iUSili perso- s, and
try what kiind Ireiatnenit anld Ciearf\
attentiin to diet will dol for them,
tloih jih. sieally and ilmentally.
Mrs. Tlllo con tiliiiiis to live with
her iaotnher, having her Iwo o11ng widh
hei\ They are ini sua;lli- bLight clv
er lads, aitlli tlleir plUo lgress ill sclitlli is
Sgi vi ig tuisi c-le'ssftits to a few Itititils,
lIen riy icr-ct, Newt 'Yteklc, feri e Hcehlrool.
Iler heallth, Ieiver very gtotl, is 80
lriloken thl;t shelo gave tip her school.
Slie livies irn lit I g'rellest se'cllusioin and
is desiirous ofi avloding all leltIlicity.
Miss Edil h Longfelhiew (eltughhter of
the ittlel) who is to lIe aiirriiei ill Alp
Illeton Chalplel, C;ainhidge, on ihle 14ih
iti MrIi. ]Richrd II. Dana, (rhirtd sol of
[leli. 11. II. Dalnii. Jr.,) is a i V miig l8
dyS of niediiii height, ri-lhe'r sliglht in
foriii, attld gtl ileti hlair. LIer aillianceel
is a ris-ig ytuiliig aiwyer of twetity
six, the third of tihe nilole now living.
let is ratlher tall, line look iog and it
Hlarvard mitlIt. His granidftither't
ninetieth bihtlhlay was elebtratelld a
few days ilge. Tihe yollng peteoplep
hnive bieen toethltier frotmn Iheh'i youtlh
'ifl, andl their love iles lIeen a iatttter
of the llionost natur;;il growth. Theo
are to be no bridesmaids.