"_ _ - 1~ . I I I.
I sqUart"4 x`ý DýIi* d4 s~ nlt 2o1 no' n
bqI14 ""4 n0 I: 11' Id ,e l 44 ".5dthc ae ge~ '~VL~DXlo
aquaree)ii F5 fl no
IS ` IEWL'IEO ~EPOL STL UAE ~ A.Slcitol1~t~
4 ~ ~ ~ 0 n~I 1: nu :0I) 1.,
1 4) -u in O f f c i a O r g a n o fl t h.h ti i e s~b n ,a~_ _ _~n r C l ~ ~ O I 1 . . . . . . . . .
1 quI C . 1) )li 4.11 --- -~O)t I ' -- - . -- - - - - - - - l ~ v ritlfn it 45 tn i hi i
VV~ m 0ron h1 are 7rUacn Ina --os _o la
,gpPCý °aI "'" °°113C ofica Orga of'i.v the ' f Wht Ciizn of Re Rier SabineW inn and 1~ 9Bvilt.IcizI oParishesl ad h Pope
Professional Cards.
1TP)1O~~~-E1 .f I I
.1 T~dYE V A1' 1'L.1 W.
\t. Denlis Strcet, Nalthitocllits, La.
ILL priiCti(( ill the (,ir t4 nt Natlritochlle$,
Y1' Sabine. i)eSSi"1n and R`" Ri(' r and in the
IlPreliuei Ciiulrt tth Stat
$di. a. J3aol .,
(Sille tca ir to " d K & PtI.liO'\ )
At tor'tlC anq (ji,l(lt.'It)lor att Lair
NATCI1Ll"'I9HES, LA.
`VILE~~~lin~i tIltilt' l~out"r of Nutteliiieh ,is. ý
11' #aobif t' . Red River, Winit Rupide$s
anAGrant, an in the S,,perenI Court of the
!tate . Claims pro /ptl Y ip tell'l' tc .
April2 b; CM
Fer
WM. u. t.N.ý . L SLYI·C i. C. tII .ýxxt(xu; 611. pr
EV I & SC JIRBORO lT(' .I, II'.
" 2 INC. associaite;! hl ~ le rl 1
tH i the Parish and' 1)iatret" th 11th . i ii
cval l)iet irt, and in the pnrisahe .a V ian'` mull
Errant, u prem Co.nt of l.ouhisana. 1, · I
Iirit and / u rt fClaimat etrahnutsot Ii "biailll .iiu I. t A t11
4'OU et of Caims at W~aaliiioZii. Med
Office in the Lacouste BUtildling sod]
(Ip Stairs.! I
NATC I1TOCHE?, LA. ýI
- Brok
H. (21'NNINfti AM. 13'
iy pt
to orelo & : Lounocllr at law, ! Cire
St. Delis Street, I
Natc'liitoeI1, I -
ILL give prompt antl i r1ursinal i
tttuiintn to :1 tI l~iis:a~entrust''tl
biR care R'l°i
Practices in tlhe 1),strirt d Parish n t
Courts in the Parishe's of NIClitotJhLUI SS ,>
Red River, Desoto) and Sabine, ani before Th
the SRprtnei Court alt Monroe and New Th
Orlecai. Juil) . BiII
wan
Joni 6. RO11I.RTXO'X,
( LIte of New (Orleal .)
eli
ATTORREY & COUNSELOR AT LAW j:r
('OIIJSH \'I'1'. ,it
g1;,ý>ýfi!VJ1 Pdl fl, Lo'ltvldS:I . p t
gill
Will piaetie in Cousnatta, Nattchito- r"
hee, Maunteild, Nallyu, anad in everv piart -
.6 Noith$-wet Loui~i~ltllu bp'ecial ntteu
1 ot n h an tot Land ensMtl l and SueceRoilof.
Ja e 8b, 8lu77-tf.
C.ýdIAYUN. c. F. Dn.Asnr'hT. T. 1. CuA\PLIN
011Th1N, DRA'4UWET & CIAPLi, q
AttorneyR ait .Lair,
NATCHITOCHES, 1AA.
(nýTI'fl in the Isjtrict Courts of
Natchito che, Sahin e, D teSoto and
Red River and in the SuprtemeW Court of
the state. - l March 1-is.
j 3. B..TUCKER,
,Atoraey andi Co nizselhir" ni Lai'r,
at: Denet sItreeIº = £etsailthckt' , 1st.
~9rYL practice in the District. and Par
lab Courts of Natchilntfl tli. Saulirem
D j~otb ald Red River, and the inpremfl
Court of the State.
Anhnaeflebufi8leltI te to his care will
receare" proIpt attentiol. Apr 11-ly
fENRY SAFFORD,
Attforney atr Lai,c
a7 Oftico pd~Qurnitr g tha~t of Mri. J;iek.
May 18 4nii.
a .As.D;Z~ _--*
Phy~iCwczi an4 S~ieged
' IpthpnOtflCltYe Lar.
. Magistrat.
JOHN x. TUCKER,
Magistrate Ward 1.
Li (c1i street, : NatchitocheR, L'.
P OMPT-attention given to all lusiness,
,elitruated to bif care.
'Cltn co:ellected at small coat.
S eterii to the BatI Generally.
. Business Cards.
J. O. Trlohel,
-DEALER IN
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, HARD
WABE, BOOTS and SHOES, HATS,
ETC....
dest eash plice paid fobr Cotton andW
AS,: . HINGTONQ , ST.,;
:.* NATCHITOOIIES, LA.
C. A. _artiR. 1I. H.CAMPBELL
. Ita.l:i.C&iCam,. t.11,
. -'DIALRBs IN -
RY GOOD, -
,,A General Merchandise..
Vocser 'oxrT A LAPATRTrE Street.
aftchfochles, Ls
. Jr UES, 0 pfPie laid for . ttona +ud
µt.j rudoo"ede in casl or merobeanise..
4 " *1 .i 1 ..:: B. q AI q&
`C:L. WALMSfl EY&CO,
SIRIL . CSIi 8Io ia c* ll'R .
u- . .fw- .
i: -I-ni
M iscellaneous.
rIto
entt t
,dllii
rpioti
Sihi
tite
CHILLS, FEVERS, DYE IA l
Female Disorders. Preored byl i 1
It. The Home Bitters Co., Louilo,
Prescribed By Best Ph icians, et
and Sold by Deiior3 Evoe!Ahore. l iil'
lto
n~1R PH MMRFllirCY. 133 Canal reet, tiis
1NEW otLA. Ill
A fill stock uf pure;i' all relitible oPS
CMedioines, as well as Fawmily Dcine Cases, Ii
sod Books in Engll'h, German an nncho) o
I .tet~l Wu llRn, at aNPW York 1'lk i
e madfbr descriptive Prie CuYrenk
$ $100,$200 , $1 00 u
-LLX. FROTHIN A31 & C,__
BrokerC, o. 12 V ll Street, Ne ork, make
de-irable Itveotlrrt·:Lt Iin steks.. h frequent- I i
1y pay frrm five to twentlly tine amolunlt in- III
rsticd '. Ctr,eks hi It l .lnl clrrih lot g as de
i ire, ol dTn Prit f Ithree rPer cent 'iplanatory t
cir'dlara and weekly ratlurs teitoCe.
Ri , R TTS
Br No. 12 Nelghth St.
I i St. Duis, Mo.
iWho bos ba ester epeienee in thtestment of the
isly aul troublel folloth mate and timale ai nphy ncian
Sn tie Westc gwives the rtlUtl of r ris l "uo1 l u
IrSiree n hinislw 1 wirfk ojubl entitled m
Fore 'The PHYSIOLOGY OF RRIAOE
Si The PRIVATE MEDICADV:SER I
iooks that are VIt of  t a pelf, ! In all m i t
i ten nertailni to mahird and ii ama .anlld ipnply
wintlong felt. They a rebuUtllll t d. and In pt.a l I
LIwgttg eatily u-dretood. Thle two i enmbrace 64e
orail eema ia m, t h marriedald '
i leithWllitlyrecntlmprovemnl diltreatment
irlradwhatou homewsperpsaY sTe *te.retrparted 11
In it D. u' lt' new workL in. t o way o etion e char
d s. Yoath the victim of earlv indcin,'rtlO Nan,otherwise t,
perfectly elealby maybe,,ul withS w i o te rime
of life, and tihe W;man, in itisey E . it
from the malny ills her I hei
to."--t. Louil Journl.
S OPCLAI eaicas-D cit. each
both in one roluwe, Si; In cloth an
i - ree ptofptil* wn moe o otmPl s
apart Thh a emedy o+0 w a thr Crohte
tteu- rout BarhamlInfalliblo
n. PILE URE,
tahnufared by the
forham Pil e ll., lhaer, N. C.
oPLout ..o r N) eJo r I. 1
-Ito "6rrrl " I
. . Madison D penatry,
i01i . Clark sth icafo, ill.
lBlE80RlAW, harlo eail expleienlc.
Bata.retlXl) IN t' U1,i.2bS5 iL
both sexes ainlHY, plt Ptvn aLrt.
i ? i ,i ,.u " . "vr ."'e n wa u .",e ors
ta of eNer producing iIVSCT. I 'PsIat
and  4'ta 7, e. rm, iAN
iIPAOl'll, can be drvely aid prms.
-,, ,ld. beeute. H8Sh1 f0 5 Sli. In
PATIr0lOUY, i 30 large p T eot oIn
plosb Ibat wi. ncver belre puhnlekiib eM , er Lettr
4)OFInIIITIAI- Flrsas PiLLA. , ia raoso, g10 ll
6 iOiets fl samuple Rtubber oods,y Ezprrae
l eFor tre l0ee1 y t'ur t i it teISl
Nt tlih o ,ill elisfrll, rs hrldi on fly idwl
treatn Or, x. " eX. Any , Irnl ! ihts the t litre
-," l us. Aei4IFC, Dr. W J.I..L% ti.. ..
310 WeLt Simxth ,tmevet. (,Vlltiai, O.
rlhiue W A tLM steiC a
bee
thin
1110
Sin.
ink
fou
we
tal
and
ato
Di
---------- wi
thh
A MysterY lolved. 110
The (reate est Medien Triumph of/
Modern Times !' j Mysterious c
Channel of 1Diseas IiPered .
(h d a Certain C I'eori all
lat
is de. The ,u h,
Liver, and twceN i
the Centr f is,
DiseasE di
The Great Anti-Bill' Romed,*,aman tt
i liesuiittic 1 rlv eer
PARSd'S o
PURGATI ILLS t
)- Are the result of lon ntinuted Scion- 1
tific investigation, an Warranted to
, cure all dtisease onating in the
Stomach, Liver, and eels No grip
ione follow thea of these Pillsit
nud nleis the Bowels are aniey; but Re-te
lief, Immediate Reli uy e relied
upon. As Commnon mily Physic
PARS 'S
PURGA TI PILLS
Stand unequaled befo e world to-day.
B varying the dose rdiug to direc
tions, Parsons' PIrga Pile effectually
Purify the Blood an reatly alleviate,
if o ntCpret t ire epeio , Scrofule
or U I .f l 1# p, 1&for St.
or ro 4
t e uU O d ir etio s (dd Eea ruptive
eas kp hpni. Tet-aI,
tor4 "R4 5peI, Sot sinl Tmol,a
Morbid Swellings, I ations, Pimnp es
ad Blotches.
*ud EVERY BOX, RRANTED.
Most Complete Sati ion Guaranteed'
i or No
Lit Full directions nd each box.
for $2 50 per tosa in bulk, cash in
advance.. We will these Pills to
I any relialle druggist merchant to sel[
Ion commiSsion. Ag wantedl every
where., ' •
Fs. " - , JOHN8 & CO.,
X 8 o, , ,;Proriictors,
,.7!
E:. ., I'R KES' RECORD.
N. 0. lc moc rat.
Ii
M.ijor Hll«rk:'s past and present a;
plominence in Iiouii~ana politics has ai
entailed the same consequences upon o0
him that simular circumstances have n
entailed upon other men ; it has mis- si
ed up enemies and detractors about ri
him and made him the target of in- it
nmerable nmisrepresentations. The
class is not a hlage one and the mis n
repieseutations have not a very onmi- n
icons or inthiential constituency, but L
the situation hlly justitles this effort
to place hln faIirly before the public. I
Ile is now the iegularly n ºminated c
cand ilate tar an otfice under State r
govt ernient, soliciting the suffragesA
of tlhe whole people of the State. Hle I
has go~ne beyond the local fieldin
which he has moved so long, and in
which any advocacy of his claims I
,would, at this late day, he unneces- I
sar' and of doubtful taste. In this
imoe, his friends feel that ho onght
to he attended by a plain and straight
- forward statement of his personal and
Splitical record, not attemplting to
"disguuie the fact that it crones from
io Ihis fitiends and is made distinctly in
, his interests, yet adhering so rigidly
to anthonrities within the reach of all
that any and every citizen will be
enabled to detect the bmalhlest depar
0 ture from the troth. It would not lie
)' becoming and it is not the purpose of
t. this article to say or to imply that
n- the opposition to Major Burke is
inspired soilely by pe sonal enmitry
i and l us'cuted by malice. No such
idet iis entertaineld. The idea in view
is simply what has been just descrih
ed- lI p1esent a truthful synopsis of
*t Maijor Burke's record, so that every
lo. voter in the State may have the mate
an i for reaching an independent judg
ment.
E A. Burke was born September, d
1841, in Louisville, Ky., and comes of e
a fine Irisl family, his ancestors, for t
three or foi generations, back, hav- 1
inl been otlfficrs in thie British army. II
Ilis gaiidfti ler, hoiwever, was attain- t
eid in tie lrish rebellion and escaped r
to this counltry. His father was born
in Buntelour cuolnuy, Virginia, and
his lut her in Cuiltpepper. Alfter lea
ing schin,, Burke became interested I
in the railroad business; first around
Louisville, and afterward, by success
ive promuotions, down to Louisiana
and finaldly, just before the breaking
out of the war, to 'Texas. Though
only about nineteen years of age, hie
at otce abandoned a business in'
which his talents and industry were
rapidly winning power a'ul fortune
Stand cast his lIt wiih tmhe Confederate
arumy. For his services in the neigh
horhood of Galveston he was compli
mented and promoted by Gen. Magru
del. Subsequently lie laid before
Gen. Kirby Smith, commanding the
Trans-Mississippi department, tie
scheme of that vast system of military
workshop which won the General's
admiration and which was just attain
Sing complete developement when tihe
war closed. The time intervening
betiveen that event and his advent in
New Orleans, was spent in business
ventures which are not importaat in
this connectionl, but which, as Major
Buike has already had occasion to
show,) were thoroughly creditable to
his ability and good faith.
IN NEW ORLEANS. AD
Burke' beginning here has long '7
been a familiar bit of history with the
this community. Arriving without not
money or triends, and animated by a pre
single-minded desire to earn his liv. tri
ing at whatever offered first, Burke be€
found himself applying for work at a 11n11
well known marble yard. lie ob- pre
tained the employment he sought, tin
and set manfully to work, chipping itl
atone alongside of a colored brother. fo
Doing that, as he does everything, Hi
with hearty good will and with an 18
honest desire to excel, he soon at-, cu
tracted attention, secuied an increase on
of pay, and finally promotion. From pe
th.at time his fortunes began to mend, ac
and the year 1872 found him in charge ry
of the freight business of the Jackson co
Railway, where his administrative l'
ability had found a congenial field, w'
anld tborne a rich harvest of success in
and popularity for the road. The H
merchants of this city will bear testi- v
maony to the correct and equitable s1
system he introduced for the adjust. tl
ment. of claims, and compensation of rn
damages, and to the expeditious and ol
satisfactory manner in which all the
business under his control was tran
sacted. This period also found him H
taking an active part in politics. It
was in this 3ear that he received the
regular nomination for Administrator
of Improvements, although, owing to
the putting forward of an iudepen
candidate in the person of Gen. Beau
- regard, the Republican nominee was
to elected. Major Burke, however, re
Ce ceived within 1300 votes of his dis
tingdished competitor of the total t
,. Conservative vote of 36,000. After
<d this, though stil holding his situation
on the Jackson Railroad Comp'ny, and
discharging his duties with undlmnit
ished energy and effect. Major'Burke
S gradually became prominent in pol
iy. itics. In 1874 be undertook and suc
c- cessfully conducted the most arduous
ly work. of the compaign, to wit: the
te, revision of the registration; by' which
a he was enablyd' ,t detect and. expose
the gigantic frauds of the liepubli
t- cans in the registration. The tre
mendous labor involved in this ach
es ievevements can only be appreciated
by practical politicians here in New
Otleans, and they already recognize
anut acknowledge Major Burke's
claims as a leading worker in the
sed cause.
But the most brilliant exploit of
ox. that campaign, the exploit which will
id, be most readily undersiood and most
in enthusiastically admlYed, was Major
to Burke's part in the great conp of the
elf fourteenth of September. Fkrorn that
ry- event we date the beginning of the
train of events which culmminated last
yearrin the final emancipation of the
State from political bondage, the
ov4ertrow of R dioalim and. to
iestoration of popular government illra
.ouisiana. It is an event balowed II
by the proudest memories. Every ti
actorin ii is entitled to the affection- I
ate gratitudo of the people, ad all I
of its victims are embalmed to-day in I
undying honor and reverencI . Major ;r
Burke's part in this affair is not gene- I
rally known : yet among the leaders I
it is notorious that but for him there
would have been, could have been,
no fourteenth of September. On the i'
night of the thirteenth it became
known to Gen. Ogden that troops had .1
been ordered from Holly Springs byv
telhgraph and were expected in the
city about noon the next day. T'he
realization of this pI)rogramln~-r'luf :ld
,effectually defeat the plans of the
Democratic leaders. They were re
solved not to be brought into conflict
I with the Federal authorities, and yet
they were equally determined to over
throw Kellogg's police and his gov.
ernmlrlent. Whlat was to be dlone!
Some of the staff lep) ired to Major
- urke's house at midnight to consultl
as to ways and means. Their propi
. sition was to hurn Manchac -bridge,
i bhut. to this Major Burke naturally
a replied that hIe was an oficer of the
V road, and, of course, could not con
II nive at any injury to the road's pro
e perty. After some hours of anxious
consultation the staff officers took
1e their departure, leaving the matter in
it Major Bu ke's hands. His plans
It were qlickly formed and as quickly
is exeeuted, Before daylight his mes
V senger was flying up the road on a
h hand car giving thle orders to the
f,relmen of the difftrent gangs thien g
engaged in raising the road bed, and
a few hourls afterward the Soulh it
hound train with the soldiers on u
hoald was stopped by a gap of some
hundred yards, ~l'ere the workmen c
had taken up the track, and were in
dustriously shoveling away at the
emubankment. There was some pret- u
ty lond talk, expllanations and ex- tl
piostulation, anod after a delay of ano
hour, the track was relaid find the d
train proceeded on its way. Two a
miles o, thile road rejiicing. and an- 1
other stoppage. Two Ihundred yards
of track taken up this time and the
gang very haud at work. More pa- (
laver, some excitement this time, talk
a good deal louder and explanations i
more profuse. Iu two hours the train
was tinder way and went along
smoothly for about three miles. But
the men were waoking very desper
ately on that September morning, and
here the train stopped at a break
of nearly 501) yards. Then Col.
Brook lost patliene. He evethllret'
his pistol and threatened to shoot a
foreman. But it is needless to linger
,over these details. Burke's plot was
- a success, and while the regular sol
e diers were building railroads up about
e Manchac, the citizen soldiers were
0 thrashing Kellngg's metropolitans
p and scattering Kellogg's government
' to the four winds of heaven. It was
- the grand blow of the struggle, the
0 inauguration of the era which has
g now fully dawned, and Major Burke's
n part in it can hardly be termed a mi
a nor one. No one who participated in
n the councils of that period will deny
ir that he deserves all the credit for the
to stroke which -delayed the train and
to made the fourteenth of September
possible.
ADMINISTRATOR OF IMPROVEMENTS.
This year Major flurke obtained for ,
the second time the regular party a
nomination for Administrator of Im- ,.
provements, and this time he was ii
triumphantly elected. Here, then, c
begins his career as a public official, c
and here his record becomes public c
property. For this record he courts ,
the most jealous scrutiny, and upon 1
it his friends base the largest claims a
for popular approval and support. t
His reports for the years 1875 and
1876 are models of minute and cir*
cumatantial ýýlearness, showing not
only how the people's money was ex
pended, but where; giving the ex
act locality of every bridge and eve
ry bit of street work or banquette
construction, so that citizens of the
locality in question could know
whether apy exaggeration had been
indulged or any neglect concealed.
He did not content himself with a
vague array of figures, but went into
specifications of such a nature that
there could be no mistake or inaccu
f racy. Take for instance his reports
1 of repairs of cobble stone pavements.
3 FIRST DISTRICT.
Yards. th
Richard street, from Annuncia- th
tion to St. Thomas street, ht
two squares entire taken up ec
and relaid.................2,333 hi
Robin street, from Annunciation in
to St. Thomas, three-fourths ti
taken up and repaired......1,800 ii
Etc., etc., etc. tc
This is the form in which all his if
reports were made-a form with which ti
the public has not been troubled of. o
ten since. n
But tile scheme of this recold does tl
not contemplate entering into details
which are sufficiently familiar to
those who watched Major Burke's c
course as Administrator ot Improve- b
ments. It can be said without fear of I
contradictiou that whilst his adminis- t
tration showed a vast retreuchment
,,n the amount spent. in previous 1
years, thier were more laborers em
ployedand more work actually done
ii.on at any time under the bureau
system. The difference was that
Barke only gave the public mohiey
for honest work, and exacted a full
consideration for every disbursement.
His gross expenditures as shown by
the official accounts at the City Hall
were:
For 1875......... .....-$341,052
For 1d76............. - ...... 408.05,1
Making the outlay during the first
r eighteen months of his administra
e tion, to-wit :'From January 1, 18~6,
to July 1, 1876, $576,758 61. In con
e nection with which attention is called
it to the ezxpguditttire .P,, er pievious
e adqii istrations for a correaponding
e period of time.
S The eapenditores of the baorw
represenite int the D1)partlit of
lnprovements for each eig, l ~n
months uinder previons administra
I ions were as follow\vs:
18Atit to ild(i ........... 1,3ti3,500 t00
1870 tol174 ......... .....,026,5.11 i t
an average ditfrcence in favor ofi c
lBurke's administration against "
1866 to 1869 of........... $786,741 39 f
1870 to 1874 of.......... 1,4l9,783 28 1
in each eighteen months. JC
Rather a brilliant showing for Ma- i
jor Burke when one considers the no- t
tio ions fact that this vast retrench
ment tchpresented an equlally great
increase of actnal, visible work andl
repatn';" n upon the public property, i
Major lnimke retired at tile end of I
his term without one single supported
complaint of mismanagement, neglecti
or extravagance in the discharge of his
duty having been made against him.1
It was universally conceeded that hisl
conduct ofthe Bureau had been a
r model of accuracy, economy and effi
ieney : that the city had expended
less money and obtained greater re
salts than under any preceding ad
ministraition. lie has every right to
be proud of tile nlmille he malde, and is
justified in pi,inting to it as an elo
quent imdurenent of his claim to pop
a ular support.
CAMPAIGN OF 17iu. IO
It is hardly necessary to say that a tE
man who had developed such tre- hi
mnendous executive ability, and who at
throughout two preceeding campaigns v
had sustained the bnrden of organiz- i b
ing and conducting the practical pro 1 a
gramme of the party, was found in i ci
the thickest of the great strugrle of a
1876. Brllko was never one to tigure Ii
upon the stump and turn graceful c
periods to the plaudits of entlhusiastic e
crowds. His was the hard and home- i
ly work-far more necessary, fat more b
effectual, but never conspicuotls; and n
upon him by tacit concent devolved t
tihe managelment of the executive de i
partment of the campaign. That he I
Sdischlarged lthis trust with all his char
a acteristic fidelity and ability, antd that
he was recognlized as pre-eminiently i
fited to splt,ik as to every detail of
e the canvass and election, is fully t
- demonstrated b. the fact that Gov.
k Nicholls chlose hinm to represent the
s Democratic interests in Washington
Sdolring the eventful February, 1877.
R The record of his preformuance in that
i capacity has been so recently laid be
fate the country that it is wholly Un
t1 necessary to go over the ground ag~tii.
k The correspondence which he.sub
. matted in evidence before thi .Potter
SsubPi cotummittee during its recent sit
a ting in New Orleans shows that ihe
or was regarded as the genuine represen
ts ative of Louisiana in the negotiation,
I- the man most fired to speak for and
Ut to be treated with on behalf of the
e Democratic party of the State. Burke
.8 has been contetit to hold, his peace
ht wbile oters wete alluded to as prime
1e movers in the events of that time, yet
e lie of all of them is chiefly entitled to
a look back upon the episode with the
e' retlection -"all of which I saw; most.
i- of which I was."
CANDIDATE FOR TIE ASU^RER. o01l
And now, as the legitimate culmi- un
nation of this brilliant and honorable ho
record, Major Burke is before the peo- to
pie as the regular nominee of the so
D)emocratic party for State Treasurer. hi
He recieved the nomination after a TI
contest of unparalleled stubboness and tii
against two of the most formidable fe
rivals that any man could encounter tl
in a Louisiana convention. His suc- T
cess was a tribute to his coolness, .elf- a
control, sagacity, and to the absoiate ai
confidence and fidelity of his supote- ti
ers. All that is asked for him is that N
his claims may be fairly and dispas- I1
sionately considered by thevoters of F
the State. No exaggeration of his b
good qualities is required, but his i
friends depricate the willful and nui n
founded detatflaon whbir he has suf- ti
fered in the past and from which lie I
has no reason to expect exemption in I
the future. It it be possible to find in u
his record either as a public official s
or as the conductor of great plirate I
enterprises, anything that argues his r
I unfitness for an office of such delica
cy and responsibility as the Treasur- i
Sership, the discoverer of the objec. I
Stion is invited to bring it forward
t and make- the most of it. If Major
Burke has ever been false to any ob
| ligation towards either the public or
• to his fellow-marl, his friends court
the fullest identification and proof of
.. that shortcoming. Bit if not-unless
the proud an abundant record which
he now submits can le offset by
equally serions and significant falcts,
3 his friends feel that they are justified
in appealing to the voters throughout
the State to unite upon his in corn
I0 mon with the rest of the ticket, and
to lend there heartiest co-operation
is in securing to the Democratic party
h that harmonious asceudencv for whicl
f- no one has labored more eanest)jy,
more unselfishly or more effectively
es than E. A. Burke. AMrcUS.
Romance of woman's'f1 ve': At Cin- a
cinnati nine years ago Phillip F. Ware
ham stabbed and killed David Kirby. t
When he was brought to trial some of
the best counsel in thee State were en
gaged on the case and every effort was
made by Wareham's relatives to save I
him. Mr. George E. Pugh made oree of t
bis strougees.peeches in Wareham's be- I
half to the jury that convicted him. The i
verdict found him gnilty, but he was I
sentenced to imprisonment for life instead
of death. S&d WiU j*a, his bethroth
ed, remained firm in her belief that it
was an unintentional homicide, though
he had long been leading a dissipated life
and after nine years of persevering effort
has euecceeded in having him pardoned
and they have been married. She is a wo
man of twent-eight years, attractive but
I modest and retiring in manner.; He was
t twenty.olneiwhOnl0 . ti'dn.r was com
mitted and is now thirty. Nine years of
close confinement hveochanged him for
the better, .....
_ . .______ ,___ ,
,e 'Zekial, d,on't tell anybody you
g bcas'd me home." "ary, don't you
Smind; 1 am as much ashamed of it as
iI bd ame."
Gov. Nicholls and the People.
N. O. Democrat.
The universal and healthy indorse- I
n". thiat has been accorded to Gov. eitl
Nicin.. and his administration ing
tlnrouguv. tthe State is the most con- eop
clusiv.e of the strong hold our obi
.w.orthy E "oL:e has upon the af- all
fections and conth
.The resolutin once of tihe people. Ct
Te resolution Baton Rouge obh
convention iudorsing a.. administra- C.
tion had already been a. :ipated in lr
the parish mass meetings V.a ghour
the State, and it cannot, for ty g
son, be regarded as a mere cold rea el
formal party eulogium. It was ttel
peI'fectly slucere expresiou of a po- !ti
plular faith, of more thani ordinary
strength, in the wisdom, discretion far
and perfect integrity of the personel G
of the State administration, as well at
as an unreserved approval of its past d,
5jactsand policy. That this indorse- el
swent was entirely deserved it would tj
Sbe supererogation for us to say, and b
i e have no doubt it has been duly a
i aLppreciated by the Governor himself. ij
Tihe circumstances under which our n
State government was inaugurated Ih
3 give this expression of popular up- ii
pioval a significance of unusual va- n
lue. Simple integrity and honesty of a
purpose on the part of those to whom
the people had entrusted their inter
ests and to whom they looked for pro- t
a tection and vindication, would not
I- have met the lequirement of the situ c
o ation or accomplished the ends in
1s view. These qualities were necesary,
- but not less essential were a broad
and liberal temper, a wise and saga
in cious discretion, a manly diginity and
of a courage that feared no responsibi
re lity and which dared to incur popular
ul clamor for tihe moment in the consei
ic 'entious discharge of dangerous and
e- imprtant trusts. Governor Nicholls
re blonght all of their great qualities to
ºd meet and overcame tile exigencies of
rd the diflicult situation in which he was
le placed. His wisdm and courage
he have been not less conspicuous than
Ir- his honesty and patriotic devotion to
at to his people, and hence the unanim
ly ity with which his course has been
of applauded by the people he has so
Ily ably is well as so unselfishly served.
v. Whilst we may have differed in
he some minor particulars from the ad
01 ministration, we know that the opin
77. Ions held on each side were equally
lat sincere and honest, and We can but
be express our hlearthy sympathy with
Iall that has been said io commenda
dh. tion of Gov. Nicholls and his govern
mb- i ent.
MUSHROOM POLITICS. t
Ever and anon the "honest voter"
rears up on his hind legs and strikes
out for freedmon from tbe restraints t
of party organizations. These move-,
ments may come in the guise of anti
Masonry, Prohibition, : outferism,
Gringerism or Communism.; bat the
fate which awaits each and every
one of them is uniformly the same.
They are captured by demagogues,
and, after a brief and inglorious ea-i
creer, burn themselves out, while the
old parties live on and preserve an
unbroken unity. No thinking psan,
however, expects the Nationalistes' of
to-day to remember so recent a les
son as that' which is taught by the
history of the Granger movement.
These men began a war of extermina
tion against the politicians, and then
fell speedily and irretrievably- into
the hands of the very worst of them.
The "Christian statesman" sprinkled
a few hay seeds in their scant locks,
and ploughed their way at once into
the leadership of the new party. The
E National party of to-day is born sole
ly of to-day of the "hard times."
f For the last four years neatly every
body has suffered terribly; but the
s wotkingmnen, who suffer most, have
not the patience and. equanimity of
their more prudent and thrifty
e brothers, and are unable to appre
Sheand calmly the causes which have
produced the distress, or, the, pres-e ton
subtle indications of returning pros- ton
perity. They feel keenly their own tioc
miseries, and are maddened by the coti
apparent indifference of the more her
fortunate. Hence the rage of the on
Communists and their threatening of
war-cries. It is useless to tell them ot
that they are about to be led into aco
wild death-dance by political charla- t
tans, who are unable to secure recog
nition in the field of legitimate poli
tics ; and who, after listening careful
ly to their cries, repeat them with the
fervor of a street montebank. With
the f:,ilowers, it matters not who is
found voicing the passions and pre- Le
judices of the hour, whomsoever he da
may be--a Hibernian drayman or a th
seller of beer by the glass-if his gc
I lungs are leather and his throat, is Pi
brass, his lead will be followed in sib
r proportion to the faithfulness 'ýith th
which lhe echoes their passions,,and 3
the, prodigality .of' his promises of
we lth and leisure. He has only to ti
say g"Seie what wealth you can fiod c
and be happy,' to prove the divine P
I- appointment of his leadership.
If the radical distinction between
* the two great political parties could be b
l put into words, it would prove to be i
i something like this: The DemobriitiC I
e pirty is the natural and 'truditidtasl
of champion of the people agaiup the t
e- qvils of nepotism, favorijisl, Pucor
he rupt and grasping monopolie, which
as have made their neste in the RBdical
3d camp. It is, in every eeseettalpr
h- ticular, and by natural predehitiion,
it the friend of the poor man and thee
f workingman; and there is not a le
rt gitiuate need or benefit of this class
ed which it has not been, and is now
ve- striving to attain. However essential
mt isay be the course of thq, ~Ftiomak
rs party, all that is genuine withino it
"m will' sonnet or later tasinilate Mis
of its ntural fried dd id defendes-the
for Denlotratia party:"(.[Washingta
1Post.
ou i The girl oLf.tib Adu it's a cut:
iou away swallow-tailed coat; carries a
, a ao .handled mbrlla aid w a a
The Epidemic.
N. O. Item.
It is useless to attempt to deludo
either ourselves or others by pretend
ing that we are not in the midst of an
epldemic. The disease has already
obtained a commanding mastery over
all other ailments, so much so that
the yellow fever deaths now gieatly
obtnumber those from all other caus
es. Such are the conditions under
which prevailing diseases are usual.
ly pronounced epidemic, anid why the
yellow fever has not already been
dolared so here, is a marvel even to
il ni t . rity of our phy i(ci in . TUn
pa th . w u:0ion is 1 ,1 1' I11
I fails to 1geIeroyi'v of dtict:u W
God knaoQ ,r used (111 ,i i, -h L fE . .:I lt,
I are illy prepiJPjIoritr of owl llj Iu
It demands at a tio meet their current
- entirely prostratedllhen business is
d terribly increased expelch loess the
d by a general epidemic. .involved
y was needed it is needed now.-er aid
. is no knowing how rapid may hlire
r march of the destroyer. A mnantn,.
d hence may be too late. As a stitch
in time saves nine, so the widow's
mite when needed, is better than
af abundant largess after the need has
m passed away.
- There is no donbt at present that
* the prevailing disease is genuiniue yel
t low fever. In the outskirts of the
' city, where the pavements are less
n perfect and there is a greater abuod
Y o ance of decaying vegetable umatter,
ad it still retains somewhat of its eurigiull
a- malarial type, though it is gradually
id assuming a saffton line. Bult the
)i fact that it is rapidly spreading both
ar here and elsewhere, and already ever
ci shadows all other ills to which our
nd flesh is heir, shows the niecessity of
Ie making an appeal at once for that
to aid which the generous of other coln-.
of munities are so ready to advance.
pas In this connection we notice that
ige the Howard Association has publicly
ian announced its need of funds.
to
The Seed*Cotton Tramlir.
Colfax Chroniclo.
Among the many evils that have
served to create trouble in Giant par
ish'none have been more prolific than
dealing in seed cotton. To the uniniti
ated it seems odd that it could make
much difference in a community
whether cotton is bartered for in the
seed, as lint, or afterit is baled; and,
as a matter of right, it cannot he dis
pnted tha.the fanner, is entitled to
dispose 61 his' cotton, in any shape
that he chooses so to do, and it is
neither the duty nor province of any
one to prevent him. While th is
all true, it is just as true that no man
has the right to dispose of what law
fully belongs to another. And it is
on this pbint that the matter hinges.
It is customary for our merchants to
let out hundreds of dollars worth of
dry goods and groceries, for supplies,
and take a privilege claim on the
growing crop. It is also customary
in the fall of the year for little shops
to be put up in convenint places, and
in these shops a sack of seed-cottou
f passes current as so much monoy.
No quiestions are asked as to the title
to the cotton, and it is all dumped
into one common pile. In this way
it pometimes happens that au entire
crop is spirted out of sight, and the
merchant has to whistle for his pay.
Another bad fensture of this thing is
that he sack of cotton not unfre
quenty is stolen property.
At its last meeting our Police Jury
were petitioned to take some nicas
ores to put a stop to tratic in seed
cotton, and a license of $250 was pro
posed. But it was held by some that
this would serve but to throw a uno
e noply into a few hands, while others
of held that they had no right to dictate
Sla what manner a man shall dispose
eof his cotton.
That if a man steals cotton lie is a
t thief, is plaid enough, and that a man
who knowingly purchases stolen cot
ton is no better, is a plain proposi
lie tion to our mind; but the trouble is,
ecotton can not be identified like ,a
re horce or other property, and wchen
be once it Is offs place, that is the last
ng of it. ýIo man can swear to his own
Sa cotton.
a Here is a nut for our next Lcgisla
ture to crack.
New Cotton.
Colfax Chronicle.
The first bale of cotton raised in
Louisiana was brought here yester
day by the steamer Bart Able, from
the mouth of Cane River, Natchito
ches parish. -It-war raised by C. A.
Pierson, on his plantation, and cou
signed to C. L. Walmeley & Co., of
this city.-N. 0. Democrat, .August
3d.
.Score one for Charley. IHe raise
the earliest and finest grapes, fruits,
corn and cotton in seven adjoining
parishes.
Thirty, Indian copvicts from Texas
have been sent to the Indiana and Mich
igan penitentiarits Among themn is Ka
loi~hb the Bald-Faced Eagle, charged
with killing and ecalpiug two families,
ten persons in all*- his partner in the,
tln+teBlobiIly: Dn o,: is' a tall, ,ell
formed redskin with a dark trgacheroua
eye, and teethllL-ts.hiht -. -ow, which
he grpnds-with t age as the chains
athdiii l'ls'11litbls elseked' and rattled
agaibn tiee brick floor. o ferocious anti
cauning were the savages thatt their
'uardians did not voritnro to sleep on
th- ears, while conveying them to- St.
Lonie. .,
A Willimantic girl, employed in a thread
t6rf *~ite her tiame and the words,
•'Wauat d huabaud,"' on a spool recent
ly, and wliem a&. id e .a wound with
tkeitm, p4t to a South Norwalk
b.oe ]ctor~yTliere it fell into a Ridge
lbil tib 'lands." He began a corres
p ideaqe the girl replied that she wai
1! , c kil, lwind dhin another as
and a marriage has just
. P a . mus;t of the spool's
I,.. L .