1P 1A W, in M Mm"..
0 F'F' IC IA L
Paper of the Pnrish anu City of NatchitorheM
JAhI. II. (WOY(O E. · Editor.
SATURIDAY, - - JAN. i9, 1S78
The Constltutional Conventlon. n
We think, to judge from the tone
of the country press as expressed
dlning the past four nmonths, that at at
least 90 per cent of the Droc:ratic ,
party is in favor of a Constitutional il1
Convention, the remaining 10 per ti
cent certainly favors chan!es in the ii
present instrument, and rudical changes
at that.
It is quite interesting to peruse the
"'interviews" of the New Orleans t
Democrat ieporter with the solons-
vulgarly supposed to represent thtih
constituents, now, giving us of Lou
isiana an exhibition of the "combined C'
talent" of the State.
Senator Robertson (Dem.) 10th
District, stands up:
Senator R.-I came to this city
warmly in favor of a convention, Si
but since my arrival, and after con
sultation with representative men of h1
the Democratic party in the city and n
from the country, I am satisfied that h,
a call for a convention at the present a1
time would be impolitic. I believe
that my constituents in the Tenth
Senatorial District recognize the ir
IMPORTANCE OF CHANGES p
In the constitution that would allow
the General Assembly to reduce tax
ation; but while they demand these
reforms, I do not believe that they P
are particular as to the manner in tj
which they are to be brought about,
and believe that they would prefer tl
that they should be brought about by O
amendments proposed by the General
Assembly, rather than by a constitu- t
tional couvention. Should there be a
any doubt of the result of on election t,
for said convention, which, from con
sultation with prominent members of ti
our party, I have. a
COME TO THIE CONCLUSION 51
there would be, then I would go with e
my party. c
Comment: The Senator has a queer
idea of representing his constituency I
who favor (if we are to judge from s
the Press of his District, which is
better authority than the noble Sena
tor) a Constitutional Convention. 1
"Coming to the city" changed his U
opinion.
Whom does he represent
Senator L. E. Texada, of the I
Twenty third Senatorial District, r
comprising the parishes of Rapides t
and Vernon, was the first gentleman 1
spoken to upon the subject, lie being
decidedly opposed to a convention, a
stating that lihe thought the people of 1
the country were much opposed to "
the calling of a constitutional conven
tion at this time-not that they do t
not recognize the necessity of training P
amendments to that fundamental law,
but that they do not think the pres
ent an opportune time to bring on a t
political campaign.
"To tell you the truth, sir," said c
he, "our people, after the past har- f
lssing campaigns, want political rest.
They have had a surfeit of excite- '
ment, and what we need now is time
to devote ourselves to other pursuits."''
lIe did not think that an election for I
members of a convention at this time
would work anything but harm to the 1
State. The election of 1878f for State
Treasurer is not far distant, and an
other election before it vould be
INJURIOUS TO OUR PEOPLE.
When asked whether or not it
woold be the most expedfent course
to have the amendmelts lnsseid by
the Legislature, aad then submlnitted
to the people at thie election for the
Treasurer, he said that he thought,
possibly, that would be the better
course, as it would save thie peoplle
from the excitement incidental to an
additional campaign.
However, if thie party decided to
hold a convention, hie would support
the nmecasure, Imt, individually, he
was opposed to it, as were the think
ing men of his constituents.
There were too many idle people in
the State now, he thought, to agitate
seach a measure, and until they could
be provided with employment it
would be better not to disturb the
people of thie State.
The VINDICATOR 8has a larger cir
solation in Vernon than any pape:
published in the State. Its corree
pondence with private gentlemen and
conversations with citizens and ac
quoaintances of Rapides, leave no
doubt that Mr. Texnds ma not repre
senting lh constituen ts.
Senator H. C. Mitchell, of the
Twentieth Senatorial District, com
prising the parishes of Bossier, Bien
ville, Claiborne and Webster, had
very decided views in opposition to a
convention. There were questions
thrt could not be discussed in a con
vention, and, besides, it was by no
meoe an a assured fact that the bet
ter elenment would control ifs action
in framing a constitution. For these
reasons he opposed a convention and
would do so were the quaietion brought
up in the Legislature.
Then why not, Mr. Mitchell, abol
ida Constitutions entirely. Your
opinions are antiRepublican and un
'Amerlcan.
Senator James HI. Grover, of the
First District (First, Second and
Third Wards), being spoken to on the
subject, said he was in favor of a
constitutional convention immediate
ty, if it did not interfere with State
fiances and the present policy of
the State.
Mr. Grover ia guarded, or rather
"devilishl sly." He's a "finance man.'
Ticklish on the State Consols.
Senator Cornelius O'Donnell, of the
Fourth. 8qnarrlal District, compris
og thel Tenth and Eleventh Wards,
belog interviewed on the same sub.
joet, expressed the opinion that he
wain favoee of a constaittional con
yenthso, bet not at the present time;
that he. did not believe Ia twworele
Ifons coming together.
Mr. O'Donnell ia againasta Conven
tion from the fact that no Constitu in
tion could be had without "the two '(l
kn
elections coming together." a
Representative Geo. T. Pitts, of 9,
DeSoto parish, was in favor of a re- Litt
vision f fthe constitution. He thought
lie people of DeSoto would favor
such a jplan, but Ihey would oppose t
any convention that necessitated an
election of delegates. The people ac
did not want an election, with its ex- Le
citement and expense. They were L
alsio emphatically opposed to
IDISTUiRINO THE PRESENT ADM31NIIB
TRATION, te
and would c,rsent to nothing that *
would oust Gov. Nicholls, whose p1op ge
uiltiity was great, before the expirn- pa
tion of his term. lie thought the
matter could be alranged b,) a com- w
mission app-intetd to asggrst veristio. to
Mr. Pitts, we turn you over to the till
Reporter and the Democrat, of your ut
pali.sh, with the simple statement
that .Mr. Pitts does not express the nit
views of his people at all. Gov. the
Nicholls has nothing to do with this Atli
contest, and we would consider him thl
or any other man very dear at $.,- til
700,X)0 yeaily, for four years-or a
total of over ten millions of dollars. an
Representative J. M. Cressy, of the dit
Seventh Ward, was Ni
EMPHATICALLY OPPOSED TO IT, of
le said, for rarious reasons, promi- P1
nent among them being that it would po
be an expense the people could ill do
atllod now ; and, further, all the Al
amenduments or revisions necessary
could be obtained through the Legis. to
lature and then by vote of the peo
ple.
While "np," will Mr. Cressy tell us
how the people can "afford" the "ex- lie
pense" the present Constitution en- .th
tails upon them. 11till
Representative Clias. Tremnoulet, of '
r the Seventh Ward, was emphatically i
opposed to a convention. All the re
quired revision could be made through
the Legislature, and by that means n
an expression could be obtained from
the people as to their views. it'
f Representative Wm. HII. Peralta, of In
the Fifth Ward, said: "No, indeed, te
sir; I am not in favor of any con- el
stitutional convention. It is not nee
essary, and every needed amendment
can be made through the Legislature." th
r These gentleman belong to the em- m
lphatic crowd. They conslitute, what i"
u some country papers has chose to call at
s "all the brains in the State." to
Representative C. J. Berry, of the a
Tenth Ward, parish of Orleans, upon "s1
t being asked his opinion on the sub. Ia
ject of a constitutional convention re- T
plied: "I think it inexpedient, at
least, at this time. We have- had m
e politics enough in this State. We
want peace and prosperity, and poli
8 tics mean anything but peace. Party fa
n lines, that may have been smoulder- et
ing, ought to be allowed to burn out is
Sand not be lit tip again, which would
,f he the case, I think, should a con
n stitutional convention be called. in
Democrats or Republicans, Conserva- tr
o tires, or Workingmen or Native J:
Americans, ought to take an interest
in the welfare of the State, if they
have not yet done so. A constitu- ei
a tional convention, in my opinion, ei
would open aniothlier political strife,
l which the people do not desire andt
for which they are not ready. VWe
want railroads, internal improve
nimeuts, that are more of a necessity
e at present tlihan a change in our con
stitution. The State credit wants to
be established. The expenses of the
Sgovernment should not exceed its
Srevenues, and that is a step towards
SCARRYING OUT THIE PIINCIPLE8 L
Son which the Democratic-Conserva
tive party got into power. This Leg
islature, although unlder the present C
it costitntion ;t cannot cnrtail certain a
, xpenditures, ought to leaveo as n n
heir loom for its successors a law that
will reduce the expenses of the gov
ernment in the matter of salaries, per
tdiem, mileage, etc. This will be a
mort direct ipractical reform than aP
Sconstitutional convention. fi
Mn r. Berry is quite a goose if he
supposes he can get his logic palmed
t off. The "expenses of this govern-.
ment" is what we complain of; and
Syour "law that will reduce salaries,
&c.," is the very reason why we
in e
t should have a Convention, because
Id we want a Constitution which will not
it allow legislators to increase or dimin
ish salaries.
Representative R. P. Bridger, ofC
C'aldwell. Our reporter having miet
e Jutlge Bridger, asked him whether he
- had a defined opinion as to the proI I
] priety or necessity of calling a con
stitutionsa convention t
" Judge Bridger answered: "I have
o not, but with the lights before me I
e am rather inclined to oppose tihe call
ing oif a convention. I think that ex
isting evils can he remedied without
t the calling of a convention and nmuch
- more economically."
Mr. Bridger is one of the "penny
a wise and pound foolish," solons. Will
na he oblige us by taking his pencil and I
'calculating the difference between
Skeeping up the present "salaried Con
n titution" for three years, and the
se aring uander a Constitution with hion
est and reduced salaries, in that time.
Gen. John Young, also of Claiborne,
during the short conversation the re
i- porter had with himin, expressed it as
r his emphatic opinion that it would be
impodtieat this time to hold a con
vention. The people are now rapid
ly recovering from the effects of our
lie past disasters. The planters are now
d raising their own meat, and becoming
e independent of outside nmarkets for
a supplies. Sneh a thing has not ex
e- isted since the war, anid a political
te camtpaign, sueit' ae this convention
f would incur, would work nmuch harm
to us. I do not think that the reason
ler g people of our State want this,
and I believe that a very karge ma
jority would oppose it strongly.
Read, Mr. J. J. Duke, and you'll
lsee the difference between too Rep
resentatives from the same parish.
b Mr. Carlnss has not yet settled
e down to an opinion.
n- Hon. Jus. J. Duke, of Claiborne;
; was called upon. He was strongly
i- i favor of the proposed constitution
.1 conveatona, for he believed9 it to
Sbea snecesaity. There were artisIea
in the present constitution that te
quired a change, and so far as he
knew the people of his parish wanted
a convention to make them. Indi
vidually he was strongly in favor of
the movement.
HoD. James Brice, Jr., of Bienvil, h
upon being interviewed, answeied f,
that the people of his parish favored ti
a constitutional convention, and that i
he, as their representative in the "
Legislature, would advocate their i
views. ti
The above two gentlemen are real
representatives, and we trust they
will he remembered. And the last ,
gentleman is of the non committal it
part of our party.
lon. John Fitzpatrick, of the Third o
Ward, parish of Orleans, when asked p
to give his opinion the subject, stated
that he was not prepared to give any n
r at present.
It is scarcely necessary to com
went on the mass of words used by
these legislators, nor do we quote the
statements of Radicals contained in
the Democrat, they, as a mass think (
the present Constitution "a good one. '
The people can safely rest assured, t
and prepiare themselves, to be greatly
disappointed with this Legislature.
Nothing will be done to relive them
of the burdens of which they corn
oplain, and this "interview" settles a
1 point upon which there was some
I doubt, as to #hether we had at last
s ucceeded in getting the right men
to the front. We have not !
It is Demanded.
Now that iMajor Moncure's case has
been remanded to the state courts
there is no good resann why it should
not be decided one way or another at t
an early date. If pushed. as it should
be and as we believe it will be in the
hands of Messrs. Zacharie and Jonas,
it will result in giving to Mr. Mon
cure the office of State treasurer, to
, which he was faiirly elected in 1874.
n The honest returns gave him a major
itr of about 4000 votes, though the
'f infamous returning board manipula
1, ted him out of the office. He was
- even elected under the Wheeler com-rn
promise adjustment.
t Pending the controversy between
the Nicholls and Packard goveln
- ments there was some talk of ignor
it ing Mr. Moncure's claims in order to
neutralize Debuclet, and the State
authorities may hare been committed
to him. However that may be, it is
a case for the courts to settle and
should be settled according to the
law and the evidence.- [Shreveport
- Times.
it The people of Louisiana simply de
(l mand, and they intend to enforce
e Major Moncure's claims. He was
v fairly and honorably elected and is
- entitled to the office-not because he
it is Major Moncure, but because lie re
ceived the most votes. If he is not
1. installed, then the present adminis
tration must bear the onus. Before
'e January last we could blame Grant's
bayonets and the radical State gov
Sernment, now that excuse is no long
1 er admissable.
Cotton Receipts.-
Receiv'd previously, 4,189 bales,
" during the week 263 "
Total 4,452
"Not opportune" is the tune the
Legislators are singing to the clamor
one people of the State we demand a
Constitutional Convention. It's not
an opera tune either but it's costly
music.
Where there's a will there's a way,
and thosle who would be cured of hy
pocondria and kindred ailments can
find the way by using that unequaled
tonic-elixir Home Stomach Bitters.
The Legislature threatens us with
"legislative reform." Every unpe
cunious newspaper, poor witness, and
shivering juror in the State is fright.
ened out of their wits at the "news."
This "investigation business" has
played out. You can't fire the hearts
of the people of this State by publish
ing the thefts of dead and usdone
radical officials ; the way to make
Democracy solid, is to do some ration
al reform ourselves. How would re
ducing the pay of legislators to $4
per day and 10 cents a mile mileage,
sound in a report t
4]ead It C retlly.
We publish in this week's issue of
the VINDICATOR an article from the
pen of Col. Gee. W. McCranie, editor
of the Ouachita Telegraph, which de
mands the careful attention of every
true citizen of the State. We entreat
our readers to peruse it carefully,
for their is more virtue, patriotism,
and more solid brain in it than in
a million of words for those who
pretend to represent Louisiana and
oppose the wants and demands of the
people.
Among the Dead Failures
Of the past, how many bogus nostrums
may be numbered! Beginning their ca
reers with a tremendous flourish of trum
pets, blazoned for a time in the public
prints, and on flaming posters, soon, but
not too soon, were they relegated to the
limbo of things lost on earth. But Hos
tetter's Stomach Bitters is a living and
thriving remedy. It goes on, curing and
to cure. Neither underhand nor open
competition oflect it. On the contrary,
contrast with inferior rival preparations
only increases its popularity. It has been
repeatedly imitated, without success.
Counterfeits of it have been surreptitious
ly introduced, but have fallen flat. Ev
erywhere it entrenches itaslf in the confi
dence of the people;- and well it may, for
it is a thoroughly reliable invigorant of
the feeble, banishee dyspepsia and con
stipation, braces the nerves, cures rhen
matic ailments and kidney complafnts,
and eradicates and prevents intermittent
and remittent fever.
Seantor Sandiford.
The N. 0. Democrat reporter puts
hMr. Sandiford down as saying :
When qnestioled Oin the sn1lject, said
that he did not believe a greater elanhni
ty could fall Il)on the State thaln t l fli
holding of an election at the present time10
for mnllters of a constitntional conIven- n.
tion. In the country the jIeople, at, least ",
the thinking peop'le, were opposed to the
imovemenit, and it was ranrely that a lper
son could heI met who favored it. The it,
people are tired of pollitics, and an e'lec- i
tion in the sliri ig, coning so near that
which will I, held in the fall for State
'I'reasurer, would militate much against
their interests. As things now a:ro-the 3
negro is fist growinr :raathetic as to pol
itics, having a strong feeling of lpeict; to
security as to his rights under the pre- "'
sent idministrationil-n leehtiuni would1 T1
only serve to distract themn front their n
, uIrsnits. fit
If Mr. Sandiford ays thallt "rarely
a person (thinking plelon) can be
met with who favors a convention,'
lie has either renained at home to v
keep from meeting "tlhinking peo- m1
pie" or else he willfully umistates facts. te
Mi. Hall, District Attorney of the
district and a resident of DeSoto par- ii1
ishl, is our authority for the statement t!
that 1his parish thinking men and all th
are solidly in favor of the measure, "I'
while tax collector Self and a dozen
private citizens of Sabine informs us
that the sentiment of Sabine is equal
ly as strong-and when Senator Sand
iford presumes to speak for the
"thinkinki men" of Natchitoches par
ish, lie assumes an unaithorized pre- li
rogative. His acquaintance with
them is too limited for we opine he `
does not know a dozeu of them all it
toll,.
Let us see how they stand-these f,
thinking men of Natchitoehes parish, si
Begining with ward I--Judges Pier- t
son, Chaplin and Tucker ; Messrs.
Boyce, Levy, Chaplin, Cunninghullmn,
Searborough, Drangnet and Morse,
the bar of this city, all faror strong
a Constitutional Convention. Take
mnercha nts-Carver, Schuman, Cas
paui,. Smith, Levy, McCook, Bullard P
Genote, Trichel, Lichlistentine, French,t
Genius and many others. Take doc
tors - Gillespie, Hamlin, Gallion,
Johnson, Stephens, Powell, &c. 'Take
mechanics - IIller, Genius, Curtis,
Schatfrath, Ware, Lark, Dunklenian, 11
&c. Take farmers-Tessier, Cam
I ack, Cloutier, Kile, Tauzin, Bat bhee,
Sompayrac, Levy, Payne, Newman,
Lane, Ilynes, Mlessi, Lecomite and r
others; Take oflicialh-Judge Pier- I
son ; recorder Kearney ; tax collector
Lane ; assessor Johlison ; police jury
men Payne. Ross, Chopin, Jackson,
Butler, Carter, Llorens. Jones and
Flemming ; magistrate Tucker; and a
host of clerks, professional men, &c.,
who are reading and thinking men.
Ward 2 -we have Ioss, Rains, Hlath
orn, Weaver, &c. Ward 3--Lane,
Timon, ndri, Wolon, hBadaries, WolInon, Nam
rnett, JBrenzeale, Mabin, Adams, &e.
Ward 4--Perot, Readhlimer, Garrett,
Prudhomne, Hieunry, HiIl Deblicux,
HIyams, -olmpnayrae, Butler, Airey &c.
Ward 5-Jen nng, Pirothro, Crurnp,
Mlassey, Jackson, lIhcksher, Jourdan,
Rains, &e. Ward 6-Pondler Carters,
Keegan, Scarborough, Cassidy, Tram
mell, &c. Ward 7-Addison, Mc
Clendon, Beazley, Singleterry, &c.
W~ard 8-Kife, Airhart, &c. Ward
9-Chopin, Grant, Scruggs Marano
vich, Givanovich, Charleville; RachIal,
Dawson, Lacour, &c. Ward 10-
Curry, Wheeler, Llorens, Prndhomn
me, Ilertzogs, Sompnayrac, Mctoyer,
Chaler, Buard, &e.
We select tlhese gentlemen that oc
curred to our mind, who are repre
d sentative "'thiiinking men," and there
are an hnndred others whose nnmes
we cannot now remember equally as
i good, true and "thinking," who fa
- vo)r a Constitutional Convention and
I who are equally certain that no re
t form can be ha~1 without it. Senator
Sandiford should be a little more
guarded in his expressions, for.not.
1 withstanding the pionderosity of his
, intellect, tlmnre are a few thinking
. men in this district besides himself.
e As we said last week Senator
e Sandiford, does not represent his con
Sstitnents ; lle should resign i
Read This.
A young man writes to the New
York Graphic that he wants to be an º
editor, to which the Graphic replies: i
"Canet thou draw leviathan with a
hook thou lettest down ? Canst thou
hook up great ideas from the depths
of thine intellect, and clean, scale and
fry them at five minute's notice ?
Canst thou write editorials to measure? 1
Canst thou write an editorial to fit in
a three quarter column of the paper,
which shall he in length just twenty
two inches, having three inches of
fine sentiment four inches from the
beginning and nine inches of humor
in the middle, and an outburst of
maxim and precept inue and three- t
quartets inches long at the close t"
[Exchange.
And the Graphic might have gone
on with its questioning : Canst thou
afford to work for nothing and pay
your own expenses? Cahst thou be
content to "write up," without pay,
every enterpise that comes along,
upon the plea that it is the duty ot a
newspaper to encourage such thing I
Canst thou accept smilingly and gra
ciously the status of a dog and do
whatever every smart Aleck in the
community suggests should be done
in the "public interest I" Canst thou,
with equanimity, hear your paper,
mayhap, published in a one.horse
town and kept alive by the most des
perate efforts-constrasted with the
New York Herald t
If not, better fasten a millstone
around your neck and cast yourself
into the sea; for if you once enter
upon journalism the chances are that
you will never have money enough, to
"quit on" and must needs. keep on
the wheel of the old tread-mill.
[Shreveport Times.
VEGETINE. J
An Excellent Medicine.
Slpringfield, G., Feb.. 2, 177. '
This is to certify that I have iisedl V.''tilne,
lan ifaetnredl by IH. IIR. Stevens. Rlston, Mass.
for Ihlllnatisin and Genleral' Prostration of the
Nlr'vols System. with ggoi succlss. I reeiln
1nu d 4 1'getinte ats an excelleni t mediciine to il
such complaiints.
Yollrs very truly.
C. w'. VANDEGRrFT. I'
Mr. Vandelgrift. of lthe tirml of Vaniliriftl & i
Itnffmiant. is a wtell.knowni liusiness mlan in this
plte, lhavinig one of tlih' largest stores in Spring
field, O.
Our Minister's Wife.
Louisville, Ky., Pelt. I6, 177.
Mli. I. R. STe\'Vgis.
,:ear Sir.--Three vars ago I wa:s sulffibinr p
ttri'rihlt with Inflirtonltorv ltheiilllnati.nl. (li)tr
rlinlister's wife advisetd iieo to takie Vie'tine.
After takilng one lotitle, I was enltirely relieved.
'his Fear, feeling a return of thill disease, I ('
nlain eltllinencedl taking it, andl anm beinig ente
fitlted greatly. It also greally improIvesii ntl di
ges.tion. Iespec ttlly.
3sMi. A. BALLARD.
101l West Jeffereon Street.
Safe and Sure.
Mn. UT. R. SITEvn.
In 1i72 cour \'gte'tilin, was reiolllmiintild' to
lme: nil. Yielding to the plersuasioln fa liendi i.i
Srlltseltiill to try it. it thle tlimi I was -lf of
feril i from ictneral debility s.nd nIervioius prom
tration, slperindliceld by overwork andli irregu
Ilr habits. Its wonderfiul Mtrength l niii aindfl ii
llratiae properties seemt'ed to afelrtct ,my de-t
bilitateid svsterth fromt lie tfirist doie: alnd underll,
its persistent eii I rapidli recolveredl . gailing
miore thUn usua:ls health and gotod ftelin . Since
then I hiave nit hesitiated to give \'rte'tine aiy
nmost 1unlialitfied indorsement1 as leing a safe,
sure, and powerful :igent in promotinlg Ihealth
and restoring the wanted systerll tto now lift andl
and as long as I live I never expet to find a
better.
Yours truly. W. H. ('LARK,
120 Mtonter rt Sitreet, Alleghlany, Penn.
Vegetine.
The following letter fron Iterv. G. W. M lns
field, for lvn"'y lti:st tir of the Methodiist Epi-co. ,
pal Church. Hyde Park, and alt prtesent settled
in Lowell, il11st convini.te everly one who ireads
his letter of the \wonldrful curative qualities of
Vegetine as a thorough cleianier and purifier of'
the ,lood,
IfHyde Pak, Mass., Feb. 15, 176.
Mr. Hr. t. StevelS :
Dear Sir.---About tell years ago my health
failed through the depletl'ling elt'cls of tdIspep
sina: nel a year later I was atllakeid by ty
phoid ftnvrlrint its worst formn. It settled in iny
back and took tihe flirtil (t'a large deeplsetatedl
abscess, whlih was titten itiitnthlls in gatlhering
I had two sur5ical operations by the best skill
in the State, but received no p1ernllanent cure.
I suftlred glreat pain at ti lIlIs, atid i as con
sta:tly wleakene'dl by a protfiNse discharge. I
also loIst small pieces of hone alt ditflrent timies.
Matters ran on thus abilt sMevenl yealrs. till
May, 1r74, \\ lien a friend reenliilenldii d ille to
l go to stoir otlie. andl talk with you of' th1 vir
toe of Vegtini. I did so. andii by 1 our kiind-.
ness passetl tlhroui vigh i liyo l ma factory, notingi
the illngretlients, &c., by which yolur rienclly is
proulliedil.
tBy what I saw and heard I gained sonme con
fid.ece in \'get.tiiie.
I mtllinilnit'ced taking it soion afterl, blut 'ielt
worse from its t'ff selt. still I per.tieerel. ::l
soonl felt it was hcnlinlttin.g e in other respit cts.
Yet I dlid Itinot stee the rsutilts 1 it sited till I
had taken it ftlitiifully for a litt lite more tha a
year. when the dlitticilt in the lt:il' was tlured:
Iand for nine ilontlls I have enjoyedl the best of
healtllh.
I halve ill that timule gained i twenty.five poulliltls
of flesh, heitig heavier thian ev'"r h|ifre in nit
life. and I was never litore able to perf'orlii la
tbar than InoiW.
DPring the past few weeks I hall a scrofuilols
swelling as larIge as my fist glather on anothller
Spart of til htotdy.
I took Veretine faith fully, anrd it renloved it
level with the surface in a mou1t Iih. I thlink I
should have been ciried of Aily lmain trouble
l sooner if I had takeni larger doses, after having
becillle ner':o4tnilloed to its efficts.
Let ytllor tpatrotns troublllt'd wth srl'Ofula or
kilnier disease uniderstand that it takes tiilie to
curle chrnic dise:lass: and, if th.ey will platient.l
Iv take Vegitinle, it will, in my judgmenui.t, cure
thieul.
S Yours very truly,
G. W. MANSFIELD,
Pastor of the 'Methodist A;piscopal Church.
VEGETINE
PItEPAlIED hY
. H. ,IEVENS, BOSI ON, MASS.
SVegetinel is Sold by All Trhtggists.
LITTLEJOHN & WARE, F
WHEELWRIGHTS
-AND
BLACKSMITHS. D
'0 all kin.Is of repairing to Wagons.
I/ Carriages, Bnuggies-lay and make s
Plows and work in iron in all lines.
Make the building of a
CARTS, DRAYS, WAGONS & BUGGIES ,
A SPECIALITY.
Rates and terms furnished on applica
tion, and as t
LOW AS THE LOWEST.
Shop on 8d STREET.
NATC LITOCIIES, L4. t
Jan. 19-1y.
VINDICATOR
LAND AGENCY.
IN order to supply a want long felt in
this section. we have concluded to
assume the business of
Selling and Leasing Lands.
Our facilities are better than ordinary
Land Agents-for we propose to ad
vertise all lands, tenements, &c., left in
our charge for
SALE OR RENT,
at a small advance on the usual Agents
rates; besides which a
Monthly Land Bulletin
iS in contemplation, and will he issued as
soon as sufficient business is on hand to
justit~' it.
Parties desiring to dispose of Lands,
by Lease, Rent or Sale, will address
Vindicator Land Ageicy,
Natchitoches, La. P. 0. Box 1'20
TERMS :-For advertising and com
mission, will be furnished promptly on
application.
r Information furnished to parties de
siring to rent, lease or purchase, and
such parties are especially invited to
make application at all times
MAPS AND I)ESCIIPTIONS can be had at
all times for a small fee.
J. I1. COSGROVE,
Pro. VINDICATOR, Natchitoches, La.
Jan. 19-ly.
FOR SALE,
A FINE blooded STALLION ,
can be bought cheap The
owner is a resident of Vernon *
parish and the Horse is too fine for that
seetiod, hence his reason for selling.
Horse-sixteen hands high; eight
years old, dark bay, solid color.
Apply to C. BRAY, Esq.,
s Blacklaud Cottage P. 0 , Vernon Ph. La.,
Or to Vindicator Office.
e Jan. 19-6t or tf.
b NOTICE.
f
r ALL persons, holding City Warrants
tlontstanding against the City of Natch
itoehes, are hereby required to have the
same re-registered within the next sixty
r days from the publication hereof.
JNO. LAPLACE,
Jan '78 10-tf City Treasurer.
JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMENTS,
JUD)(MENT.
Tennessee Dunklemnen vs. Albecrt Som
payrae, her Husband. T,
Parish Counrt, No. 1673. * t
N this ease, by reason of the law land hr
T the evidlhlce heing in favor of the tl
pla]intit, renncssee D)nnkin'a, andal tha
against the defendant, Alh ert olpay- thi
t lih!
la, htr IhuiteId, on the trial hireno. It
is ordered, adij udttl 'e.d aIld decreed that the he
eointlillliit olf ;icqellts 1d graihns hereto
fore t.xistilng l c 'mi'.ltinTe n sesi 1|)lllll '
elan anld halt r sa;id hnshalnd he. nod theil , tl
s11111 is h.re,,y dissolved. .1d that the, it
plaiftiti it) ha e iII flotul' the right to the
admiliiistir andI (onltrol her own separate h
estate. And tlhat delbiIant pay all
csts of suit. ilni
Done. read:u and signed in open Court'
ini this 217t1h day of Novemtl..er, 1877.
(Signed) P. A. SIM lIONS,
Parish Judge
State of Louisia, )
Parish of Natchitohcis, - Pri
Clerk's Ollice. ) I
I do hereby, certify tlhat the above and ("ir
ftregoiig is a trueo and corrtect copy of til
the original Judgment on tile in tmy oi- R
lice. tith
Witness iny hand and oflicial
[L. S] S:ei, on this I tth day of.lan J1
unary, 1. I). 1ýTý.
JNO. LAPLACE,
Jan. 19. I'y. Clerk.
---------------... . ------
NOTIIE. P
Succession of 11m. Sllicant. Wi
H '. IIATlHORN, Adminis.trator of de
-o. the Snce (s.ionl of Win. Sullivant,.
having filed in the Clerk's Oflice his tinal
acnouInt of Adtluistratioin f said Sue
cession1. Notice is hivrtleb given to all
whom it rimy concerl to file tleir 0'- o tif
sition tihereto in ten d:ays, otherwise the t
sanle will be homnoloateld.
Witness the olon. P. A. Simnmons, Par- nu
ish Judge.1
JNO. LAPLACE, :;Ut
Jan. 19-2t. D'y. Clerk.
SIIEIIFF'S SALE.
Jas. Miltenlerger & Co. vs. Mrs. Mar- Pa
celite Trichell.
District Court No. 8035. tri'
1Y virtue of an alias writ of Fi. Fa. jI
Isslld in the above entitled and
Iinuilt'lbered suit antd to me directed, I
have seized and will offer for sale to the
last :and highest bidder at the door of the
Court Hlouse, in the city and parish of
Natchitlchlcs, oil
S:tturds/!, I(ith day of February, 1r78,
too fIllow.' ill dhescried property, ton.-it:
AI! the isltrn:lltory rights of Marce it he
'1Trichull. as sullrvivor, ill 'conlll nnllllllity of
I Severiul Trichell. dtl'd., one half intere t
I in :amd to 5,7 acres of land, situated in at.
the parish of Natchitot' ls, and hlitl tlle thi
sa:lle actuired by S (vet in 'Trichel, Ik ert
act of partition execllted beftore Will.
Y Iayne, Rtecotder, on the 30th day of or
L .June 15 l), (Recorded the s:ame day) n
1.etw\een Severan Trihelll and .. A. aul
.I L:dreanx. Gilbert Trichell, and Adelaidl
Trichell, wife of Adolph Vienne, Sevrit A il
T 'rich 1, taking fOr himself in said parti- a
Stionll, 507 acres of land, bloultded on tile rig
t north east by Adolph Viclnce's. i rd bho
south west by J. A. Land'canx's, situia. er,
' ted on Blayoul Bourbeaux. All in town- hl
. ship 10, range 6. west.
Terms of Sale
CASH, with the benefit of appraisemenlt. fi
1). 11. BOULLT. Jr.
Jan. 12 tds Sheritf. m
(ll
SIERIFF'S SALE. cr
pt
Ii. Licbhtenstiio vs. L. Van Schubrook. (..
Palish, Court, No. 1595.
S. fY virtue of a writ of Fi. Fa. issued
D in the abive entitled a;id inu:nircl t
sIit, an11d1 to ilt' directed. I hIlave siz.l I a
anil will oth~r sale to Ithe last alind high- e
est lidder at the door of thei Court Ilouise
in the city anid parish of SNatchiloches, sc
Saturday, 16th day of Fcbruary, 1878, w
the following described property, to-wit: :
A certain tract of land sisnated in the
parish of Natiches, coutaining two hun
tireld anld eighty acles, l1ore0 or less. llandl
being the south half of the illorth east
. lquarter of Section No. 3.', township 9,
iaange 8, contailnllg 79 40-100 acres.
I, The lo~rth half of the east half of the
l 5sou1th east quarter of section 32, twll- I
shlip 9, range 8, containing 39 72-10a p
acres. II
The north west quar:ter of the tl
Ssollth least lqualrt4or of sectilnl 3:, town- or
ship 90, range 8, containing 39 72 10
a- The south half of the north east quar- t
ter of section 312, townshiji 9, range 8, i
colnt.'inilng 70 30-1000 acres.
The south east quarter of the north t
west quarter antd the north east quarter
of the south West quairter of sectiont 32.
township 9, range 8, containing 79 45
100 acres. II
- The south east quarter of the south G
cast quarter of section 32, township 9,
range 8, contailling 39 72-100 acres, to.
gether with all the buildings and im
* provements thereon.
Tcrts of Sale :
fn Cash-with the benefit of appraisement
to D. H. BOULLT, Jn.,
Jan. 12.-tds, Sheriff.
SHERIFF'S SALE.
d- William Clayton vs. Sylvester Quilter.
n Magistrates' Court, No. 330.
SY virtue of a writ of Fi. Fa., issued in
1) the above entitled and numberedi suit i
ts and to me directed, I have seizi d and will t
offer for sale to the last and highest bid
der at the "Samuel Hyama Plautation'
situated on Cane river, in the parish of
as Natchitoches ahont 7 miles below the
to city of Natchitoches, on
Saturday, the 26th day of Jantary 1878
the following described property to wit:
One Hundred and Twenty-live Barrels I
ol Corn, more or less.
Ternns ol Sale:
" CASH-with the hfntfit of appfaisrment.
O i D. H. BOULLT. Ji.
IJan 12-tds Sheriff. t
to SUCCESSION SALE. t
at Succession of Mime. Aurore Lambre,
Ire B. Metoyer.
Yvirtue of an order of thle Hon.
Judge of the Parish Court of Natch
- itoehes, there will be sold at public auc
tion on
Thursday, Janary 24th, 1878,
at the late residence of the deceased on
Ile Bnrevelle, the finlowing movable prop- I
at erty belonging to said succession, con. 1
sisting of
ht 11 mules, 1 wagon, 26 head of crttle,
30 head of sheep, 5 oxen, 15 cows attd
calves, 1 oX cart, 12 mares and colts, 8
., head of hogs, 1 carriage, a .ot of agri
cultural implements, a lot of stfindrtics,
and about 450 barrols of corn, more or
less.
Terms of Sale.
ts Cash-subject to the apparaisomeut.
i S. ALF. PRUDIIOMME,
the BEN. METOYER,
ty ADOLPH I'RUDHIO3MME,
Executors.
F. P. RAGGIO,
Jan. 12, 1878. Aunottoneer.
Judgement.
Jsephlinc SherrinL vs. Wade II.
her Ii l,hbnd. _
P'.rish Coln l--No. 1f76,
TN the ciee 1,. ,119o1 or the law "
1 the i ,, id,.iwee 111.1i1 in favor of
S Plaintilfl' l :i1:1ini t h l)c ef,dl t t he
ther,,)Ir(c' I (),1,)4 :' ,,"d :ni,'ded. . ""I1l dece r
that the l aiintifl . Lae recover of
. .the .) 1 ll gment fji
lt 4 1 of live lilt 4 i llar. That
i' nOit liu' S rol retli;lert , erii lized. saidl
Ill' thi 1 2 th,1 ty : cN, n n.n1 ity 7 f
illets id 111gais herctofor,. eisgting le
I wt'Eel her lnii l .:ijt hband ce and
the Sare i heree lis lved, and1 that eg
Ihave, in future. tlie righti to adrinuistg
Winl cntirol her sI:aracte estate. Defe
)oiice. read:1l 14111 Siiied in open co0
on t his 271h day of Nov. 177.
Signed P. A. SINIONS
llParish Jud
State of Louisiana,
Parish of ,NatcilitochI s CL.Ey l  OpIig c.
I eertitfy" the above to le a true a4
I (crrect ('l,' of the oiiguiniall jdgilento
f file in tlry 4lit.e.
Witlnes; iIvy hiandir and oflicial seal this
Jth d(ay ilof Jauniar, A. D). 1l78
1 W. 11. TCLNNAflD
.J:in 12, 18T78. Clerk.
Judgment.
IN this case 1by reason of the law and
the evideince Iheing in favor of the
Plainlitt 1ii mma F. Diraugholu, wife of
Willi;am I. Blrblee. It is theiefore or.
dered (U1ljldtgedl l ad decreed thit the
cc(lonnilt o1 f a'1 (liets :and gains hierelto.
tore existinJg leit wiee thelt Plailntiff Em.
nit F. D1):uiighlin andlil her husii : liuld the
saidi Willialn II lIbrli)c lhe and the rsame
is hereb(,y dlissolvecd ian il tlhat said Plain
-tifftl d h;ivle helcileflcrtlh the sole control
-ulild Ine:ciicIeCllclet of her sccparate estate
u1ndi the :aldiliilstratio()n tllhereof and that
defcciudalct pay costs of slit.
lio(ie and signed ill open court, on this
30tlh day cif Nov. 1x77.
Signed P. 4. SIMMONS,
Parish Judge,
State of L uiisiana,
- Parish of Natchiti'hcs. CL-RK'0F
I do heIl'hy certify tha:t the above i'1
trule ailll clirrect colilVt of the origilg
Sjltlidgellllnt ile i in tltV ot'lice.
i iIt ness lrioy ha1il ci( oflicial seal hi
9th day of Jainiary. lS78.
c( JOHN LAPLACE.
1, Jan 12, 1$78. Deputy Clerk.
SUC('C'ESSION SALE.
Succession of .llle. Louis M.onette.
Y virtue of an orlder of the Hon. Pa.
l ish Court of N;thitoches, therewll
1i te s;4ld at pultlic auctioin on
t Thul'rsdtlt, Januatry, 2-4tlh 1878,
ill at the :late rtesilleuc of the deceased, is
I1 this iparish, the ftloiving movable prop
iy erty beloigincg to s,1,id succession towit:
(i. (n MItuh'. Sixty liarrels of corn, mea
of or less, and a lot of househoild and kiteb"
I en ftriiitnrIe, te oc ll hat, one shot gr'
I4. and a lot ofsi ldrlies.
id Also thel' fellowing real estate to wit:
in A tract of hland *'containillg thirtyueeve
i- ild a itlfrhlpefnts, mnore or less, lytlges
ct rigit 1balk of Ca;Oe liver descendlii
td bounded above- 1by land of J. B. D. Metiy.
1. er, below Iy Achille Rachial, in rlar b1
1- lan tl ofToures. in front by Caue river,
Terms of Sale.
For the movables, Cash, with thelle
t efit ofappraivl)cnent.
F1or the re:al estate, (subject toappni,
inent) ole-toulrth cash, and the balats
tin a credit (of oue ad1(1 two years hso
- day of s:l, in Celu11h i1tallllnenlts,anldtl
credit ternis bearing interest at 8 pertel
per ann.um fio1nt1 t dte. The purchasers
k. credit terms to give t.heir lotes ,.ith dr
isfactciry kLe'irity ill solildo, each i;lubr
oni h;llf of the credit ternms, aud payiu
rl'\ I i'e'l \y't, to the ordher t'of the Adluiami
tlr:liitor o'ne and;Li t\wo yealrs from dayofLh
S iicl hIe'ri g le per cnitileer anniv inter.
h- est frelicc cahtes. Sp)cial mnortgulge to IS
, granited acid \',eihlers p1i\'ili(gei retulndtV
''se serle he crledlit terlllns of tlhe puebi
pirice of said lands lanl the sale to he mlI
', with tle clause of llein alienationi to the
iprcjilulic of the priviltge aud nmortga5
it retained.
le D. H. BOULLT. JR, .
n- Dec 22 - tis. Sherid
NOTICE.
SSuceession of George Gurney, Daudi
h r Y VIRTUE of an order of the lea
1. e J.uleci of the Probate Court of tll
16i 1parish of Natchitoelh's, State ofLosihil
ianld to tle dlrrectedl, I will offer for laat
the the Courtlhlluse door, at the hour oflO1i
oln- o
lol Tuesday, the 15th day of Januarl lIt,
ar. tlhe fellowing deseried property blli
8, ing to slid SNileession, to wit:
' iThe one undividedll half of the pliate
rth tion kntiwn as the "Gurney Place," iii
t(r sitllated on thie right biank of Red sllid
3l. lescenlingl, atid colitaining seven ha
j. dlrcl and 111oe (701) nerds, suibject to t!
usafruct of the surviving widow of MM
ithI Gurney.
c9, Terms of Sale:
S CASil-c-with benefit of appraisee*
H. V. TESSIER.
Dative Test. Exe'r of George Gaurs,.
Dec 51-t4s.
-t CONSTABLE'S SALE.
P. Brmda, M. D., vs. Henry Peytoo,
- No.339-Justice's Court, Ward 1-NIatob
itoches La.
ter. Y VIRTUE of a writ of Fi. Fac., i
B in the ablove entitled atud l ii
suit and to me diitectd, tIlhav seized
I in will offer fr sale to the last alnd bigih
mit bider at lhe door of the Goulrt House I
ill tIhe city of Natchitochlies, on
id- Satulrda, the 19th of January, Pllj
n' Ibtwcen thle Iusual hours of sale, all dtW
rf ighl title and interest of the defefldl
n and to two (2) behs of cotton.
378 Trns of Sale :-C.s1i, etsubject to '
praisement.
ait: 5-ts J. LEONARD BlTLLARb,
rel Jan 5-tds Constable WardLt'
NOTICE.
nt Succession of Francois Valsii.
TOHN C. TRICHEL havingfiled
f. petition praying to be appointid
nhinistrator of tihe said siccessioj, fU
is lherelby given to all persons inter
to sh w c'ltse(d witilin tenll days from t
ph, pttlic:atiol lcereof, why pctitioorprfl
shouthl not ' e granted.
Witness the lion. P. A. Simmons,
ish Judge. APLA t
c Jan. 12-2t. Deputy
ESTRAY NOTICE.
' STRAYED Ihefcre F. P. Mezie J'
on je P. Ward 4, on tlhe 27th Dece
rop- I1877, by the lundersigned. One u_
:ob- bay mare nulen, small size. o bto
marked with a sear on left hind leg.
ttle, The owner is hereby notified tof
anl forward, prove property, and pay
w, 8 ithin 90 da:i s.
r, A. Jn GARREITi
sea, Jan. 1-Imn. Ca
THE p lic generally ar invio t.
T attendl the grand entertainme_
he given March 4tI, 1878, by the atj
lic La;dies' Ail Society," for the _l
of the Catholic Cemetery and Chn
A mngnificent Eupp'r will be the p
pal fiRature.
Jani. 19f -t.