OFI'ICIA1L
Paper ofthe Parish and City ofNatchitock'
JAM. H. COSGROVE YE
SATURDAY, . -. 21, 1678.
,.an may smile and smile and not
, elrected.--Boston Post.
The man who was kicked out of the
"a uie ly an irate parent didn't laugh in
Mhs leave.
The paragrapher that.was hanged said
to the crowd around the gallows, '"This
life is but a hempstie show."
There wouldn't have been any milk in
the cocoanut if some of our dairymen had
had the original construction of it.
"Id's a beautiful dight " says the visitinig bean,
As he snuffs the dust-breezes star;
Then he gives to his nose an additional blow,
While he twangs his lig.t, tunfu"l catarrh,
-ExecIhuge.
Some wretch has the aidnacity to re
mark that the ladies deck their hats
with flowers in memory of the men who
have been killed by milliners' bills.
A woman was offered $1.000 if she
would remain silent for two hours. At
the esd pfvireer minutes she asked,
"lIsn't the2ime nearly up 1"P' She lost.
-Er.
Nothing aggravates a young man
more than to have his sweetheart's little
brother take his unfinished cigar from
its hidden nook and surreptitiously scoot
wish it.
An advertisement in a daily at our
elbow says there is "a piano for sale 'Lee
longing to a lady about to depart for
Europe with inmodern legs." Modern f
Ah, padded t
It is now generally urged in extenua.
tion of Ananias' offence that he was
raised with no other playmates buta
coupie" of gas mwters. - Burlington
Haw)cye.
She saw a morning mosquito on the
cream white paper of tie bed-lroom, and
crushed him then and there. But she
*idn't "o be was h leaded. - Standford
A Kentucky editor says a nishihor
of his so lazy that when he works in the
garden he moves about so slowly that
the shade of his broad.brimmed hat kills
the plants,
"How even.that lawn looks, my
dear," said Mrs. Mio to her husbandl, as
they were taking a suburban stroll
"Evenl" he exclaimed, "I'm disposed.
to think it's sod."
niQt a weed injthe garden
Sbehis a sitfon," reuigrkd `Sporgeonu.
That's probably the reason why the
average boy is so sentimental about lays
lag hold of garden weeds.-Boston Globe
Why is it that people boot a dog and
shoot a heof-Boston Transcript. And
foot a bill t-Philadelphia Bulletin. You
might have added: And cap a climax
and head a movement t-Norristown
Herald.
O ýebandepace oAree on ex
Sthe C9fatk g . dA n.hibition,
a"lyssesbending his bow." Wouldn't
"''Ulysses bending his bow," have a more
modern and significant twang to it t
Hawkeye.
"Why," asks a beautiful young lady
"*hy is it itaitnature never intended
hair to grow on a woman's face t" Why,
you dear, silly goose, -it's because natdre
wanted to give the manufacturer of
rouge, cosmetics aid lilly white a chance
to a livi + ,
R *JJt ,'a, a'~PPrson
(very sternly): "How could you come to
ehureh to be married to a man in such a
state a that1" Bride (weeping): "It
was not my fault, sir. I never can get
him to some when he is sober."
- I and affecting is the
lames does it speak of
man, to see a husband
.year toss%
etup irat
,. hila
.. Ndrth1 dro.
aget reee t i
Spus to . p 11 pass
wob 9 efy, aemy scn.
ais ko a eome to the
,m he' * a dwell fof
'/i Umble t last appodsmhitig when
ithbinhtuhis.,meratel will be fatr Lfar
u.~sd f ~vp~~ecramps
tlh- llll'gsel yglidingq
erpfase of posie dluck pond,
loa4s 9f lies into the
of biia youthf*\ adora
will comehome with
o way up to the
ash in his cheek
h. nof of Jure.
4t'frowda
PYW~S~f~ he
o house
an or tbe's
"0rW day," he 0i
*"*ln'. "Wife
ts, said the
3p ttlilifriimtd,
lbe reply. " e
bus somehow
IShe1d
Wltookedn t
Wis she ooold
aerswash7
sade
sVh ad iol
'aigwk.
. i f~awdiobuo
lip,{ -7UIICEE
.,ANTHIELL AND HIS FA
l RMOIUS CROWD.
r.
The Redoubtable Joe Lee, Jarrett and
Other Desperate Marauders-An
Audacious Plot to Capture
General Grant-The Ca
reer and Fate of a
he Bushwhacker.
1in
id
1s THIEIR DARING EXPLOITS.
in
id The exploits of Quantrell and his famous band
of freebooters are so familiar to the Westel n
U, public that they need no repetition. but some of
their daring deeds have only recently come to
light, and even at this day make rare and inter.
esting reading. Long before the war ended
C these men became the most desperate lot of
tS freebooters known to this country, They learn
10 ed to live on plunder. and when peace came the
worst of them, headed by the celebrated James
he brothers and Younger brothers, kept up the
t business of murdering and stealing. What
d they did was done with a high hand in broad
I daylight. Thbey rode into towns. shot down citi
yens, broke open banks, carried off thousalnds
of dollars. They stopped railroad trains.
In stripped the passengers of their valuables and
le robbed the express. 'IThey rode the fleetest
in horses, had nofear, were dead shots, and for
ot ten years escaped capture in a time of prolound
peace. They were in Texas to-day in Missouri
i to-morrow. Their lives appeared to be charmed,
2° and they seemed to travel on the wings of the
r wind. A sort of mystic romance grew up
around them. There were thlose who declared
that the Jameses and the Youngers were not
connected with these incredible feats of devil
try. but the best informed knew that no inex
aS perienced man could ride as they -rode, shoot as
a they shot, and fight as they fought. There was
,n a boldnuees sud a rapidity ot execution about
these robberies that could not be attributed to
le fresh hands. The detectives could do nothing.
id They followed the phantom riders by day and
] ly night, and from State to State, yet were
NI they always batled.
More than one detective bit the dust in his
zeal to capture the noted land pirates. Where
r they lived, and who were their friends and ahbet
tots, was a my.3ery. Yet it was known they
at had some place for a kind of headquarters, and
Is that they must have those to whom they con
fided 'beir secrets. Those mysteries remained
iy to le unsolved til the great Northi-ild Bank
is robbery in Minnesota. The end had come at
11 last and the truth revealed It was demonstra.
d. ted that the Younger brothers were a part of
the desperate gang. and but little doubt left
that the two escaping ones were the James
brothers. Here ended the operations of these
men. The Youngers were put in plison for life,
le and the Jameses have concludel to run no fur
Sther risks. Where they are and what they are
1 doing must, for the present at least, remain a
td secret. Some say they are raising cattle, while
id others say they are in Colorada trying to make
in an honest living in the mining districts. It was
ý reported lately that Frank James was in Mlli
n souri, and that he was all broken down in health
from old wounds and exposure. Be this as it
may, they are still being hunted by the detee.
tives, and there hangs over them a shadow in
whatever land they may be. The two brothers
are the last of that famous band of highwaymen
re who grew up out of the remains of what was
Sknown as "Qnantrell's Command," the bravest
and most successful body of men that took a
y part in the late civil war. They were, nurtured
in the troubles of 1856, the border feuds between
id Missouri sunl~ansas. .io other cireonttatances 1
couldaav'padmuced such a class of asen. They'
delighlteAn blood and pillage1 'hmt they had a I
showofhonorafterall. Their bravery was a
o virtue if they had no other-, and it was this that
maite them friends out of people who ought to I
have been their enemies. Tflis lunch in the
way of an introduction of mome of thiee to
whom this article ielates.
f In the fall of 1831 Quantrell left Missouri with t
0 acompany of 10 menpassed through Arkansas I
aln attempted to go into Louisiana. They weru e
notifled by Kirby Smith, then cOuoimndling the
t rebel army In that country, that they could not B
) join his armiy, nor would they be allowed to re
maui In Louisiana. It appears that he did not
want tlhemi on acconut of the bad nanie that had a
preceded them, and as he believed they would do 'J
8 his army more harm than good in the way of de- a
af stroying its discipline. The headquarters of the '
Lounsana State Government were then at t
t Bhmrevepomrt, and Henry 1V. Allen was the Chief P
Executive. By some means he heard of Kirby li
Smith's refusal to allow the men of Quiantrells *
command to become soldiers in the regular
-army, or remain in the State, and l. smapt for
them binielf, and told them ihe weold like then
to joi] tIB State ScontingiService, and be under
Shis lmuliate control. Qoantrell himnself de
clined the invitation, bit a number of his fol
B lowers, among themi the James and Younger
, brothers, accepted the offer of Governor Allen.
These elected as their conimander one of their
A number namned Joe Lee, who had came from n
a near Independence, Missoutri. Since that a lit
Stie town lha own up some miles this side of i
ks o.dpdepe %sto as Lee's Summit, giveii
in honor o c JoeLee's fathei-. Lee was a yonng
man and as desperate as any He knew nothiing $
of fear, and hat been in many a close encounter
3 onthe Kansas border. He was six feet ligh,
built from the ground up, had a wild, dashing ti
r air that always distinguished him in any com
p any, and had a face that was altogether more
pleasing than disagreeable. Tie place of ren. -l
> eavout of State scouts was
Ca d i r Carr rl parish, about
St3pjaty-u ile from the'.Mississippi river, b
dtrcdty aetes. -from t'iL6ksborg. Prmevions to
the wcth cogflatytS haR been ti a high state of
e L b nt enegledt of the river levees sI
ai f shj to iulandations. For many
ml d irection atuch ef the land was
o water a great of the year. A
got e lfl~t1 . Many of tlthm
d bee*se gturs and the owners or
lat'ge u er of es It was on of the rich. re
eat porios oih state, belag in theB ce~ter ol'
the grs4etaipt d ctla.te he SontU.t'oe Leo an" at
hls lio rse baino trouble in Ang4ing friends
and abatS0e,-a I that, to, at on, the most re
ectuhte ~1~eph.o the cPMomni y. th ere were C]
two fttlo town~s In the pauish.-.oy~lad Delhi.'
hene two hamlet;, sad athefr vrolaity, the
las made their 40ous s. They dame and at
full o benilet or hlndtasce, and were always
and J ey. Joe Lee, trank and Jesse Jamess
Dlckso , e stoppe4wilth aplanternamed N
He, above *i kson ives there at this time.
fideutia friend s of the parih, was the eon.
active, well-ballt guerrillas They wereall ash
air that eaptures th f that dashing, recklese
kept the community in t of women. They g
oltement and enthaslasm, of perpetnalex
amditerwhdasdmaibullep. sad havoc
i revelry frost week in to week one ronnd of
· there wasaparty or bell attae h very night W.
planter. The guerrillas were the of some
these ocasion. They sported the as n alll
dress flourished the finest pistels and yhh3 ht
beast horses. They were the only erese
lold have with them.
turn with v-ions amounts and linds ofpland r
They would waylay some 5mall detaobmenof.
Ftederalma- n boot the men, rob them of
haud a largesu p u lyofgo noe mn lk0 *
waitar.hluwnithal tbiYse et ptfl 1
ItI
I~r~i ii~F ~ . albtr 6f Joe l es ah
wee0 I I a
*1
mi
bIh
self madue six. 'then' never were six geeltl ten
for 'such an t'xpedltitin T1ht"1 w, I, ot, u;.
s IFtro n g Il l t iS. 'a I i I rs i s hc bi e st. '4 - rl tll l t 44
:tillr el wl d 4all l1it is ill w har. I4 I .i d be n.
i 4eal il it i s t I l, ii 4.4tr 4.il ' 4:ee4 . s td 11.1 1 : i,
uniteli wheIther they lild nr died : v,, tine
1,4 ie t and 1.t- 1 i t1he If5 1 o1:1' 14i r: It
14. t tl4e t ae.t -l1s t inl t he 4.:4 . It wa.r jest h4
nte uthe Federal An 3 syaet "outt a thal utal 11
lntalli 44th e denst a4 4ide I* th 4i4 . The
I,,ll' wa 44t4 I! ul 14i1 nun 'h,"11., 444n~.14 :toil
4\ Sioi t441 ti h f1 l a4 ti rt a1 11n liii IIt'.
eltiltrll lt Ilo l-te plot weer a rl Und The pll 1 w:1"
jol Jioe Lee and his tLive tai lsty followers to ires,
td up in Federal uniform, ride on horseback to
Milligan's Bend, go direct to the lt'house w here
Granit was .stopping, rush in and secure his pt-I
son, put him on a spare horse and the escape
to the swaps. whlich were near by. On o0eu
Saturday evening late the party set out front
Dicksonti house, near Delhi, and rude toward
the Mississippi. There was not a soul on earth
besides tliemiseles and Governar Altlen that new
of their desperate mission. It was something
over twenty-tvd e miles they had to go, and the
night was a dark one, but long before day they
were at the edge of the woods that bordered ou
the plantation on which Grant was quartered
'T 'here was no eniemy to attack rout the west
!. side, and there was no particular precaution
about guards. The pickets were passed before
sun up, and, while the General was yet asleep.
the guerrillas rode boldly upt through the open
tield toward the house. There they were-six
all men-seven horses. The empty saddle tor the
coillnalllad-r of the htudred thousand ll en tl Ito
1i werecampedl about in every dlirection. Tlhey
of approached in albost a stone1 s throw of the
to house, when they mllet a iegro. They were ilis
covered. It was aln oldl itallln wolll tlhese very
'r. lten had run away front Deihi inot tenll days be
id fore. He knew them all and illllluelilatly gave
cf the alarm. In a mnoment there was a gireat tu
Iult, and the six guerrillas hald nothing to 1do
i- but save their lives. They Ibroke lthougltih the
lie field, and in the twinkling of an eye wire back
in thie woods, but not until i hundlrted hots had1111
H been fired after them Ibeflore the Slte went
be down tilhey were safe at their hfavorite r1eni14e'
at 'ousH. T'hus wias frustrated one o4f the most
al dariniug plots of the war. It is noIlt probable thitl
General Grant took any palticular notice of tilhe
ti4 lthe i, and it is [lot ot all probable that he has
1s rewa1rded thie valuiableserviceo4 the uld1 4ohe4Ied
ii, tian. \ ht litinterpeltationl tlill' uIiv4rl 4 Of 41 li
;truy put uponi the presence i teill strange and
ili hostile ieni at such ai till" and place1 is not
at known, Ibut if ther le 4ete4 alny dlolllts as 1 ttheir
or missiion this bit of lhistory tillay set e to rIlwovo
thiewi.
id Mlist of the guerrillas remlainted in Carroll
re parish till the close ofi the war, many tit theta
d livedl t1here1 ii sotrie Iyears alIter tile war, and
IsomeIi of tlhen are there .to-diy.
it Johnl andill Lea Jamels, co1s1il5s of the wove
ip noted Frank and Jesse Jilames, lnow live in thile
mdlittle town of Delhi.. One lt tihem is a hlardwartd
merchant, the other a lsmall planter. lThey were
of in toe war; at one tite beltingu d to Qlialrlrrlls
i co0inaldtl, but they ar nIow as peaceable and
law-abiding as any citizell in the piarish. Jolhn
x Jarrctt. who was well-kuow'i in Western Vis
as soura as one of the most reckless melC that ever
as rode in a saddle, left Carroll parish a few years
ego anld went to Coloraltdo. Ito was the surt",t
lit shlot of them all all. His expertuess with a re
to volver was simply marvelousn. On one occasion,
while going down a bayou in a boat with sone
companLions, he alshot the heads oil1 of six water.
ill moccasiln snakes ii sluccession. Hie was siluply
re unerring in his aim, andl this, too, witholt taking
sight in thIe usual fashion. itl always shot Irom
the hip, and seecumed to be a good ua ksmlaii friin
i native instinlt. He had to leave the the parish
re on account of shooting and robbing a German
t named Mulhold in lit7. John Lee, tihe best of
all the bad lot, went to Color:ado in 15ti1, and is
ey there raising cattle The Jameees and the
ad Youngers coutinued to make West Carroll par
iSlh their renldezvous until the celebrated North.
n- tield Bank robbery. Sonmetime after tile close
ed of the war they ctunmitted a robberyl in that
ik country, an accolllunt of wIcIIlh was not plblished.
There is a little river some miles west of Delhi,
at lip which small storeboats go in the spring of
a the year. A Jew named W'olf owneu one of
of those stureboats and went up th river on a
trading expeditiou. While his craft was lying
tft at its last landing plac- on its upward vo age,
es and after Wolf had sold most of his goods, and
se whenl hlie had some67,0)0o ill his sale, the Jawmses
leand Youngerls called on him one day aud asked
e, Lim for 5sonc whiskiy. There were fouro f them.
ir-. They all stood ulp Iby the counllter, looking as
ie hariles-s as iinisli ra. Theic was a shotgun
statilling on the inside of thie countter at the up.
a per enl. Wolf keipt his liullilrii a barrel at the
he lower Ildl of thle counter. tWhen he went to till
ke up the glasses he was comlllilledl to stoop down.
Imnatine hlls surprise lwhen lie tuirnedi aroundl
5s 1and saw themu pointing ait him his own weaponl
gi. o. defetise, Ihie slhltgun in tilhe Ihands oft hlie burly
th ColeYTlun,"llger. Thelly told him they would take
tl drinlks, but they- would also be pleased to
it have lliii,open his safe. . In a state of great tre
,c pidation the poor sin of Jacob complied with
In the polite request. He was then bidan saflec
tionate adieu anld left to comfort hilumself the
re best he could.
XI Cole Younger was at Dickson's in Carroll par
ish, immediately before the Gad's ail trail rob.l
as bery, anlid aiterward, whenl he went back there,
at hlie told Dickson that he was at Gad's tHill, anit
a that he went froI there directly to St. Louis,
d anld iremained tlhere three weeks, seeing the
ni Uhtiefof IPoitie almliost etery day. It has been
, reported betire that one of the Younger broth
Urs cLlet to bt. Louni after the Gad's 11ill train
robbery, and this fresh reiteration of the same
.thil lutst be taken as conclusive. The Jaieses
stl the Youngers also rettrled into Carroll
o parithi after the robbery f1 the Hot Springs
e stage-coach, and they wet-e at the house of their
,o old friend, Dickson, just before the fatal i-aid
on the bank at Northield. M1innesota. But now
h the birtd lla-e flownand the detectit-cszred not
· go to Louisiana. Two of the Younge;-a-the
, only olles left-are in the Penitentiary, and the
James brothers have never dared to show them
4t selves again in their old haunts. Licksot Bays
. he knows nothing of tlhemu, bit believes they
t are in Texas or Colorado in tIle stock business,
ii after the amanner of their old associates, John
· Janet and J00 Lee- It was reported sometime
. ago that one of the James brothetrs wasin Call o
a way county, broken do n int health, living on
t thecharity of s010 frilenls. This, however.
f prove to be utntrte- Teere is no reason to be
liee that either of thtiaill lisa ut-er been in Mis
5iscuri sline teir lucky calpe110 fioln Minnsota.
MUSICAL AND DRAMAT1CS
Atnns Dickaontis still writing plays.
Robenstein is giving concerts in Ger
m latny.
Ellen Weiuser is acting male parts in
London.
John E. Owens is said to be worth
$1,250,000.
Carmen seems to be the favorite opera
this season.
Emma Thursby is booked for Paris
this winter.
Motljeska will not play in Chicago
before March.
Joseph Jefferson is said to believe in
spiritualism.
Rubcustein has named his opera Iwan
Kalas Chrikoff
Sothern is taking a six months' rest to
roornit his health.
The Danioheffs was a financial success
at the Paris Odeon.
Gilmore's band is announced for
Chicago in January.
"Mother and Son" was a great success
at the Union Square.
Bonuicaulti mode 40,000 by a rise in
Nevada mining stocks.
Jananechek's husband is a kase-eating,
beer-drinking Teuton.
Leeter Wallack refused $10,000 to play
Smionth in 8an francesco.
Miss Cary made a hit in "Favorite"
while performtng in Chicago.
"Our Boys" has had a rwp of twelve
hundred petrformaces ii tioadon.
Mad'lle Zanfretta has made quite a
utation as a tight-rope performer.
de Granger has had the courage to .1
New York modiste to Worth.
The credited to Mary Anderson 4
range yevto t yweqty-three years.m
Mrm. Milne ~ i(deceased) was the 1
5rfIM- t't~9ar Amnerican Coas
Adelaide Nellson-i is contemplate
Mrs. MM4r e brateujji M
ews family,4h..-, of twen·
children. p q T I i i
Claa o u lusr Kellogg re ere
role ijs{rp, pop. gWe2retsq(rforman e
Annie Hotohkin, of Rochester N. Y.
ehild of eleven year is sid to b a -
aical prodigy.
Otn~i 6~ioti Asi(6'ijailbrti 'gQg
height-of the bats worn by ladles at
theatre and out4
Mrggle Mitchell, now wal on n "g
prrewtt. moolg dnriag iis
,; ý ý1`l11>T KIN
II"
A PECULIAR CEREMONY ON T'LE WEST'
to
I' COAST 01F AFRICA-AN ENGLISH11
p[ MAN SELECTED TO PRO,
CLAIM TIHE KING
th THIE KING
'W BLIND.
Lie
A GRIANI) BANQUET.
re
p..
11
tx [London Times.]
"T A correspondent on the Kest Coast
'Y gives a description of the recent crown
lie
ii ing of King Archibong of Old Calabar.
The event had been looked forward to
Sfor some time, and during the week of
t" the coronatiou the town and district
Lie
were a jt e. Borne on the river and in
lt the villages there was a great display of
ht bunting, while gutins were tired almiost
. incessantly. Mr. )David Hopkins, the
tEnglish Consul, whlo had been at Old
SCalabar for sosie little time settling dis.
f putes between tr'aders and chiefs, was
Sselected to proclaim Adam Archiboug
t King. On the morning of the tith ult.,
SConsul HIopkins was escorted to Duke
'dlown, as a guard of honor. The pro
cession formed a spectacle of an unusual
k hind.
'T'he men were attired in the grandiest
at colored prints it was possible to collect,
II while-an umbrella of extraordinary di,
t imensions and colors was carried above
is the head of the Consul. The cavalcade
arrived at the inclosure adjoining the
e, palace, where a throne had been placed
i on a newly-crected platfoirm. The na*
1 tires were hern assembled in thousands,
ig and were very enthusiastic. bhortly af
w' erward the procession of the King
Ih elect issued from the palace, a rudely
n consiructed building of wood, and wend
i ed its way to the platform. Like the 1
ae other body, many and various were the
. colors worn by the mnen. It was head -
Ne ed by a hand of "musicians," making a
t great uproar with toy trumpets and tourn
i, toms. Many military coats were con
of spicuous here, as in the Consul's follow
of ing.
o In several instances big negroes wore
tl very small coats, which, not meeting in
es front, were drawn tightly to the figure
:d with a string. His Majesty, King Archi
, bong, was scarcely less comically dress
n ed. His loins were girt with a satin
P' cloth of many colors, while a long slieve
1 had covered his head. This hat had
n. evidently seen much service, being al
Smost shapeless with indentations. His
iv feet, like those of his attendants, were
o bare, andl there was also a huge umn
0. brella held high above his head. Archi
11 bong, who is a titan about sixty years
e old, is totally blind, and leaned on the
arm of his son.
S He ascended to the platform amid the
, enthusiasm 'of the assembled crowd, who
't danced and shoutcd in the most frantic
manner; but as soon as Consul Hophins
ti received thle King the tumult ceased.
" The Consul read the existing treaties
e between the former Kings of Old Cala- I
bar and Queen Victoria, which were in
terpreted to the King by Mr Campbell,
r an English missionary on the coast, and
to which Archiboug assented. A new
t treaty was also drawn up, the King
e agreeing thereto, which make it com
. pulsory upon all his European subjects
a to wear the European style of dress.
Trety matters having been arranged,
fh tecereinony of coronation was proceed.
of 'edmwle 'lie Queen, with her retinue
U of female attendants, arrived and took
her place on the platfori.
Her Majesty, a very corpulent old lady,
. was not permitted to take her seat by
the side of her sable consort. Amid the
continued silence of the native throng.
Consul Hopkins threw ascarlet cloak
around Archibong, put a crown on his
head and a scepter in his hand, and pro
claimed him "King Archibong III., of
Old Calabar." Then the shrieks andl
hurrahs of the assembled thousands rent
the air, the men and women dancing
and shouting in the wildest (glee. The
crown appeared to be of gold, was very
massive, and was studded with "repre
sentativ9" diamonds.
During the ceremony the King seemed
to be greatly agitated, and at one time
was scarcely able to hold the scepter. J
Immediately after the coronation a sa
lute of twenty-one guns was fired, and t
the King and his courtiers adjourned to ni
the palace, where the banquet in the na he
tive fashion was prepared. The English hi
residents were especially favored by the til
King, and atnong those present at the
dinner were Consul Hopkins, the whole -
of the English missionaries of the dia.
trict, and the Captain, chief engineer, k.
doctor and purser of the mail steamer L
Kinsembo. Tih principal dish consistp
ed of. "palm oil chop," which is considers
ed a luxury by the natives.
"Do you mean to say, positively,
madame," said a lawyer to a witness,
"that tbe person referred to never left
his native village after the day of his
marriage?" "I do." "How do you
know ie never did " "Because I saw
him buried in the village graveyard the
same afternoon."
When the belated christian, with a
face like a stubble-field, rusbed wildly
tlirongh the streets last Sunday morn% (
ing, only to find all the barbereshope
closed, it was then that he erelaimed:
"What shall I do to be shavedf"
'Philadelphi& Chronmcle.
What-a beautifol example of simw
plic dress is showi somn of the fol8
howrsoshion by that domestio atii *t
ma the ost, wrhich ires in the mornin,
wailicN f face wIith Its rightbana,
gives its tail fh. jerks; and is ready
Fres5ed for th.4 o
i
II
· OLi~rB,.'
S~Q
JO1 11l N. 1I0[FS
EA
ei ,in ' et hol .tin l t 1 II that
GRAPPE'S BLIUFF,
Where he has a complete stock of
St
- COUNTRY MERCHANDISE
r.
to
of
ct which lie is oftlering at the very
in
of
st
I LOWEST PRICES,
I g
ºe -for
t%
. CASE
:0
to
1*
!d
ti -or
ly
I
le COUNTRY PRODUCE
a
1
,u
0
1 =Cash, Secures Bargains.
IS
r rPGIVE ME A CALL-.'
1- LIVERY STABLES.
Sy -~ ________
HUTSON'S
e
0
C
S
LIVERY
and
S
FEED STABLE.
St;. Denis Street,
NATCHITOGHES, LA. e
I S PREPARED TO ACCOMMODATE
I the public in everything in the FEED
and LIVrERY line. Stable is flrst-cless
and arran ged especially for the conve
nieuce and comfort of stock. Feed for
horse, $1 per day. Hacks and buggles on
hire and furnished promptly on applica
tion,
R. P. HUTSON, Proprietor.
SAM. PARSON'S
LIVERY, SALE AND FEED STABLE,
and
UNDERTAKER'S ESTABLISHMENT,
Washington street.
A FINE HEARSE,
and a full
ASSORTMENT OF COFFINS.
WBARELBOSE S.
GRAND EC(IRE WAREHOUSE,
WM FRENCH. Proprietor
Having pauchased the buuiners of
CHAMBE18 & BARBEE,
at this point, and secured the services
-of
MR. JoHn~ fcrBEna ,
I au pirpared to
STORE A)D FORWARD PROMPIU,
0001 IOON8DG~IED TOMY CAERL
4XQ -jI~w RH~
amounts
I2i- @ ara swwaa
THE VINIC TOR
As a Local
As a Home
As a Vigorous
As a Democratic
A PAPER FWI P V IYIOUY!
FOR 1179.
It has no favori;e among its
friends, shows no f irs to its ene
mies, and asks no Tors from its
opponents.
The rascals don't lik it.
The time-server ates it.
The weak- eed fear it.
But the honest peopl
APPLAUD AND S STAIN IT
Subscribe for 1879. -
Subscribe for 18
Subscribe f 1879.
Subsc e for 1879.
NEW CIUIB R Tl:
(ONE YEAR POSTAGE P *)
8ingle copies, - - - - - 8 2.50
Ten copies to same Post Office, - 22 50
Twenty copies to same Post Office, - - 40 00
Fifty copies to same Post Office, - - - 87 0
One Hundred copies to same Post 0 - 150 00
T&ftMS: - 1!liIN A 11I1E.
The Largest Circulation o ny pa
per Outside of New Or us.
BONAFIDE 1 321
Advertise in it.
Advertise in it.
Advertise
*Adert in it.
Address; r
J. H. 008 OSg
Ed/ r and Proprietor,
ost Offie Bx 1120,