C'oI trgy I'/ e *pir is the f'It tr'.
Rates of Subs:cription.
On . r ....... ..............
Six 3Morrths............... 1 ..... I
,No subcrrrptiI taku for hlss than ti
months.
:h '~:Z.
I· i
w ·jW A*.
MpeCiaI Not(( -1e.- ;LV Ita y 1' I1.. Ed.
agfritOU JEEFihE i'%ie. HIt- (i:lly atrhorizedjlI
E.F 'rr I y ;ni . I (alIVII, r
LO('.1L G(IEAN. 13I S.
River rising.
Business very dull.
No news of intetrest.
The mails all faitilel during thn wevek.
Justice's ilank' ftir ~a':e at this otlive.
Ailont this tiile" lo,,k ,Io t for candi
dates
Jurors pa heretafteir xi ill be $1.'i0 per
day, andil c t is lper' iil4 aile i e.
To-mr rrow (lalanul.: ) i ill ,I i St. Pat
rick's Day.
There are sc\ivtial ii \c es of lint ii lille
in town.
Malan glories in his ,ttrength: win:aill in
hier hair: andl hloinliilc-hIlºose l lter te'me
timies glories in iitlh.
We gen'erally rer,iiie the 11ark.Aville
hiullrtin rihtlbd/ iq :aft'tr iitblica tiii . W ill
the post nimasters Ibelow Iplease expllain.
Buggies anti W;agons for sale at re
dnce prices at McC('ook &. lir,.
Dan Rose was an aid iiin the Iilcrltlcen's
procession. lie was the flower of the' pa
radle.
ec Cook & liro. is still receiviing a
full line of all styles lof godets at low
er prices anti to sntit the tiimes.
Peter Blaize is president of Philadlel
phiaFire Co. No. 11 in the city. lHe's
quite a spark with the girls too.
Stewart is the untie of the (cook in the'
Peora hospital. Quite atll a:lpl'l'opriante
name. liaker wouit l do Ietter', however.
THE M.tYAi's )ltrItc: lhas lb' ele quite
dull for thel Iast we'.k. Not a solitiary
arrest was tmade, which speaks well tfoir
the peace ofeoir city.
A fall line of all grade golods at re
daeed prices at McCook & Bro.
Our Vernon pairish subnscribers cci)om
plainof the Alexatlndlria Piost Otlilee. 'Thel
Vitolrcuon's for that section are hdelay
ed for two weeks. How is this ?
Mr. J P. Johllson offeris a finle lot of
Missouri Mutle's for sale anld those desiring
to purchase will get bairgains t.y applily
ingto hiti at oncell'.
SNOTIiCE.- Divinre 'elrvicveN will Ie cnc
ducted at J'le'nHsalnt Hill, tlhirty-live tiles'
west of this city, lby Rev. T. J. Hoeglh. on
the 23d and 2i th of this montlh.
Mr. Drinkwatetr is tediting a palper in
Maine, andcl the Governor is to senel hitn
to Paris--lot, of course', as a. en risitvy,
but as a colrmisionelr.-C('olrier-Jourenal.
He'll he the rima in cetld water 'anl there.
Fine lot wagolns at Ireduced prices
at McCook & Bro.
A man named' Figyure. was killed lately
at Mount Pleasanit. Texas. It's to , had
that we were not inforlned of this before.
We sigh for jiust such items, tfr thl.y 're
eight a sensaiton.
Sonme of intr fritends ill ,speaking f Fly
ing Childr'en, the fattoues Englislh mile ai
minute race horse, said he was taken
frot a bakers cart, lie ll.nst haveI leene
a well bred lhorse, as he was tilhe flower of
the turf in his day
12 SACKS Te'x:cs Ri:st Proof Oats
i just rceivedl at McCook & Bro
R. IN St tiol.-Oier section c 'wcs \isitedl
with the Illotst tirri'fic rain anlitl wintl
storm we hiave\' t'vet'l' experieneld. The
rci-c lbeigat i Sclturedhy ecor ieiceg clhoct 3
o'clock, and tilhe total ftlII of wtte-r in ten
holurs was ne'rly t'ollr ialches.
450 PLOWS, litilerett styles ancd
make at 3McCook & B ro.
The new ilalcy of Mrs. \Vawter, otf IRocl
ester, Indl,, is so sitillll that a tillgei'-r itg
can lie slipped over its arnm to tlhe shoul
der. It weighcs oely I) Ale polees.-Cotirier
Journal.
Vawt 'er big story -the weighlt we
mean.
The deacon of a Preshyt'riau ehnrech in
Atlanta, Gan., hlas beetn sieSpeelllel d lle'aesue
he permitted elancing at a reception at
bia house given in honor if a visit from
his mother ani sister.-- Ex.
Rather waltzed him out of his positiocn.
Go to McCook & Iro, fier planta
tion supplies, &c.
Q:ERv: c"Why will nolt slleoke con.
meon tobacco, when they can buy Mar
burg Bros. '&eal of Nor'tb C(lrolina,' at
the tame price 1" Fecb 9 '78-! y.
T iamte of the person whlo comumit
ted SUiCide, hy taking lauelnnunm, and
thalt has also been fiully asecertaiced, was
Sam Rundasill. Ic was aI carpenter 1ev
trade, and ban a brother living in or near
Maniueld, La.
We regret to learn of the sudden aml
serious illness of our estimnable fellow
ditizen Mr. R. B. Cammack of this parish.
He has been suffering acute agony for
several days past, and his friends are
much alarmed for his life. We sincerely
hope that he may be spared us yet tiany
years.
Tommy Flanner, one of our not-afraid
to-work young gentleman, shows us a
Suaple of his corn crop, which consists of
'10 acree planted March 8th, sand which is
los iang upbeautifully. If all our young
A ii would imitate Mr. Flanner hard
A I1 would not be the complaint.
'OC('IETY N rTES.-Pleasure rides, IllaW
t1 1 ti' w athih r has ettlit d, have 1.
Ihro gh o |r -,It ', :: w'lillir ;Ilid ti .ll il
parties are spoke.l of, while our 1 livati'
citiizen('s have I'eed itllulging the yVoillg
folks with plelasant re-unions. Major W.
E. Russell and J. IH. Cosgrove, Esq., wete
the last who thus entertlined the yoz ngI
Iladies alndl getlenman of their aclllaint
anc e. Vl' hlope to note niiay of these
pleasant episodes, for we need such to
reconcile us to life.
Professor Tice prtdilts as fol]lows for
the week ending March 23. as regards the
weatiher. l;th to '2:i variable., warml
and pliasa;t days, alterating with elouly
alnd threatnlliig weather. Stoiins tmay
li'liir h about the lthi to '2'l. W 'arnlst
days 17th :utld ?io. ('bldst days the
saiie.
.ir. I1rliin Unit is, lbrother of that eti
iaile h itizt n and inechainie iMr. W. L.
Curtis. fromn \Viscin lI hus lbeen spend.
ing; sievral weieks in lithe Sunny Soulth,
and exprlesses himself' as charmned with
our. imntry 11d l, peplh. Wee w-utld to
o il that all -Wicon.r'Iin wonill elnpt: her
population into our Stiate.
Tn.t liiuiat n. ll.- ('apts. h'roga;n and
(]een, of the N. I). Pai'ii' :Railroad twere
in our cilty iduring the week. They bring
ns then plhasing intlligeune of the rapid
\oiurk goinlg on iil are of ctIirse. in coin
m0n with us aill, gratified that the State
has coonlludd toI assist their enterprise.
lih work now going on is well iup in the
hills above P Irovens0 Il yivo,. about :i
uinil.s lSouthwest of' Natlchitoches, which
is aIhlut the nearest point to 1us of' the
line
l)r. ohnll I). Ki line, Of Merlidian, Miss.,
It h was the phyvsician in attendanice up
a._ainll t tlt, Vi,'k1 shurg lhralh folr F,; 1.000
idaiiiia's, ihe' i'lhaindg hat the tl,'irld
stlltedl that Mliss thisolithn's death o tured
frlom i dial-lpralltie oi the paril of the pnhy
sicini.-- ECx.
'Tite Ilraddlindelitns to pail thie alma
ges anld J. 1). Kline propis toi C'iii.'onI
The VINiC.iioni takes pleasure in cal
lini attenition to the advertisemeneit of
Messrs. Hil & l)ingle, in this weeJks' is
slit. Capt. I all eileds no encomium from
iis; hlit' is too wll knoiwn here as else
where as a gallant Southern gentleman
an1ii a correct hisiniess man. Capt. hall
has fllt'a liong tiniellhen coinectel d with
the hosll of Davis & iadillen, of Louis
ville, anlld being engaged iii the sane line
of business at Shreveport in his own
name, we feiel funlly assured the favors
hreti fore extended hint will be continu
ed to the new firm. only more so.
A banlkrpt wrteh in llBrooklyn poirs
forth his soul i n verse :
WhoIi tazught. me first to litigate,
My neighbor and iy hbrother hlatie,
Aiid liy owin rights to ov'eri'atef
My lawyer.
Who cleained mny bank account all out,
And ibrought ity solvency in doubt;
'Thlln tldrnd me to thle right aboutll ?
My lawye'r.'
Who brought ein down to rags anil sin,
Antd Ilien refised a ceit fior gin,
lhInt cnled the copt tai take ie in ?
My lawyer.
A iltan wa.s going over a field iwhen
sndil'nly he saw a hull with head down
lintt feet pawing the grass. 'The man
wenit for' till' litlcest fetice, blilt jst as he
reached it he felt hiniself lifted by the
two masts of the lull, and he fell on the
other side. lie got up, and pointing his
fiuger at the beast he said, I'll have re
vlllng' l'il get even with you. I've
bleern i'atiini iuttol all my lifi'. tence
forth I eat nothing bit beef.'"
Death has robllbed our parish of ontie of
its tollst respelted citiziens, and one of
those ho as hllnauinrks connect lus with
tu liist. MR. I. StaMPAYIIAC departed
this lif'., after a long altl paitfull illness,
hlast wiek. Mri. Sompnlayrae iclonged to
oile oif tfill, ildest antil best Creole families
oif this section, and was himself, as all his
faiiilU', olf tlie old school f eint rlemen, of
whont, uiifort inatily for soci'ty, we have
hut few remaining. To his family the
ViclrC.irToll extendls its syimpathy in
their heiireiveunemn t.
Thi' lihirt Ahie sustainetd setrious injil
ries ito her inlachineiry which tn'cessitated
her retinn to lhie city fromt Alexandria.
H'clhie we have had ii packet this week.
IWe icr sorry thlitt he Able shou ld have
iiiiot with the tiislap, but we niderstand
lint a felegiram has been received tron
('apt. Sinnott stating that the Able would
leave New Orleans on Friday evening
which w'ill put her here on Monday.
Colra i tHrste N" . o s.--T[`Io Sheriff's of
fce tiports ihilness in its line. No new
ioarders hiav'e pit up at the Hotel
de Boilt since last repoit, and the Sheriff
and his depntii's look lone and disconso
late.
Clerk Tnmard reports three lnew', civil
eases in the Parish and one in the Dis
triet Coirt' having been entered this
week.
The Jnry Conmnissioners hve been
sumonied to attlnd April 10th, to draw
a Jiury for the Juioe Term of the District
Court,
'Tite following marriage licenses have
lieen issued since last week.
Robert Bernstein to Miss Harriet Green,
Nathan Shivers " Emily DUucan,
Richard Johnson " Mary Armstrong.
Recorder Keartie' fills up this week
with items of special interest, lie re
ports the following transfers of real es
tate during the year up to this dteo.
I. Kahn & J. Levy to C L Walmsley
& Co.
Wm Robinson to Jos Henry,
J W Little " J J McCook,
J A Raggio " 8 Nelkin,
...... E J Keyser.
John Jordon " Lecretia Jordan.
,J W Little " John Rusca,
Mrs E Henry " L Chopin,
H V Tessier " L Vercher,
Mirs A Deblieux " Mrs P Flanner,
A Anty " W E Norman,
J W Tucker " Essex Harris,
Mrs M Morean " J S Stephens,
A E' Lemee " King Mickelberry,
T L Airy & Co " H A Walmsley,
Tax Collector " Scarborough h Ponder
" " J H Johnson,
, " J W Kile,
"[M A Simmatns,
\'; C Ross,
• :;u" 'nningham.
. I f ",' I ii.. .i . :'
ST J ,Jackson.
" " A Walker,
" Seneea Pace.
J" ohn Genoe,
" l V Vaneor,
" Peter Smithers,
II P Mezzier,
J F llailey "C L Walnsley,
Isaac l'laisance I" 11 lbrtrandl.
, J leCook "A ('ros,
Mrs S A Foster " .1 ) & R . WV Wright
'I'L Airy& Co " A N Timo,
C Chaplin '"' T I & .IE 1' l'rIlhome
A Lecontte Mc 1) Salearrotigh,
"' ,Lattier " A igustus R,,Iinsui,.
(' lHamlin " ''lhos ('ason
.1 (' ''richel S Nelkin & Roat Ross
E Kirklan ': E Chillette,
IfH Sil . Johni ('((o b.
.l R West " ,C J{ ohnson,
N ' lwhal " LA Sers.
" . ". 1. A Rachal,
I. t'harlevile " J.oephline l)uprey,
Lena Met'rarey " Mrs B Brooks.
Caroline l'ruodlhinne to N Prudhonunte jr
That Terrible Scourge,
Fev erl angue, and its colgeoner, billions
remittait, besides atfct ions of the stiºn
ach. liver and howels, p)rodulced by nias
tnItie air a:nd water, are both ieradlicated
and prevented by the use of Ilostetter's
Stima;ch Bitters, a purely vegetable elix
ir. indorsed by physicians, and more ex
tensively iisedl as a remedy for thle above
class of ldisorders, as well as for many
others, than any medicine of the age. A
l.nguin l circnIatilo , a torpidl state of the
liver, a want of vital stamina, are condli
ti,ins pienliarly favorable to malarial dis
eases. They are, however, surdely remne
died y the great Preventive, which, by
invigorating the systenll :alid endowing it
wit li regularity as well as vigor, provides
it with a resistant power which enables
it to withstand disorders not only of a
mal ial type, hbut a host of of others to
which feeble and ill regulated systems
are subject. The Bitters are a safe as
well as searching eradicant, and have
widely superseded that dangerous drug
lquini ne, which palliates but does not
eradicate mtlaria. March 2-5t.
The cat's out of the bag now. Here
is a reason for opposing a constitu
tional convention by those parishes
which the Democratic newspapers
published therein take pleasure in
classing as republican parishes.
Let it not be understood that we
wish to live forever under the present
organic law ; on the contrary, we
want a new Constitution, but we shall
never belive that the present is the
proper time to agitate the question.
We do not doubt but that some of
the Democratic parishes of the State
desire a new election and a change,
bhut in the Republican parishes the
Democrats are opposed to a Conven
tion, because the same men now re
presenting these parishes in the Leg
islature at this time, would Ie the
delegates to a Constitutional Con
vention and we all know how badly
these parishes are represented at
present. We re-assert that the De
mocratic parishes, where they have
nothing to lose, may be in favor of a
C' nvention, but the Democracy in
the Relpablican 1parishes are opposed
to it. In the meantime, give us a
commission to frame a new constitu
tiun, or let us amend the old one.
[Ex.
Consequently, and in order to
"oblige Benson" the whole State has
to remain a prey to radical laws un
til such time as the "Democracy in
Repibhlican parishes" make up their
minds to quit trading and swapping
for local offices with negro politicians
and make a manly tight.
We can name more tIhan one dis
trict in this State wherein the whole
idea of polities is to "get in" some
friends of the democracy- -and when
once in they shout "peace and consi
liation" until every one is sick. Prin
ciple has got to be a nhumbug and the
best men in the State are getting su
premely disgusted with every one of
these dead conservatives from Gov
ernor NichIolls down, and they pro
pose to make one fair trial of a
straight-ont Democracy this time
and if it don't work then they will
abandon the fabric to the robbers.
Speelal to Agents and Advertisers.
The VINDICATOR has by hard work
built up the leading circulation of the
country papers of this State, in fact a
circulation far above the average.
That circulation is constantly on the
increase and demands the fullest rates
from advertisers.
Hereafter and for all times, to ad.
rertisements wtill~be take forr less than
our published rates. Every adver
tisement in our columns is a paying
one and that too in cash. It is use
less, therefore, for advertisers or
agents to address us for other rates,
or to send advertisements to be in
serted for less than our card. They
trill not meet attention. No cut occu
pying more than two square will be
inserted at all. *
We dent want to buy any thing in
the shape of pianos, organs, blacking,
starch, sewing machines, and such
like and pay therefor in advertising
and so none of that clatss of adverti
sers need apply.
All advertisements payable quar
terly in advance.
These are oar rules-they are as
awful and asimperitive as fate, and we
will have them observed or fill every
column of the VINDICATOR with red
hot editorials and other choice read
ing nmatter.
The Iberville South flares up at the
New Orleans Democrat's gentle re
mark that ODn1y "two news ipers of
any consequence outside of %w Or
leans oppose a convention." The
Democrat was not alluding to the
South, then why those tears.
.We hear nothing of the Cane and
Red River Railroad. How is this t
KELIGIOUS COLUMN.
Edited bj the Rev. T. J. Hough.
i . . .lough, in this eity-isuIhject
Lazarus and the Rich Man.
I'Thir, w;,as 1 riclh :anll,. which wlas
clothed i il iurpl, :a l flini linel, and thr
ed su4li2tu.onsly ev'.ry i1 :1; ao1 Ihre '.wa
:1 t,3 main bl, ;ii' I!nllrid L;Iz lrls, whirl-1
i1as hId atI his galle. full , of solrLe. , :l 1 111 t -
tiriug to he fi;d with the i'ratl.,s il ij ,h
i 111 fr l the ih c lh .n ilis ta le: . htiligov u 2I r
it 'ine t l\·p tl l hal the beggli a.l, died. nalli
was carliied into Abirahal'i- h, mila. The
rich 1ie n1 11 Allls ii,,d, and was houiri' l : a 1ii
ill hellit lifted Ufl his ,eyl ,s. heiniIg in
for ntitl . nil, d s eth Abraham aIo lr oll'aild
la4 ns iii his Il45si !1, I i' l He 1 r22'.
o41 le4. :all: said, l'.thei r Ab2ll rlh:ln , h:'ave
cr2'y ,te it ln 2i, anild s11 ll lazirn , t hl Ife
:il;. dip the tip i f his tinlerl's il \'lu:tir,
l2and ('il Io,\ i to l  e: l ,l r I S1 n tuil r no w lited
iln this thn11 e. lit Ahlllah1 ll said".'i n 1r-ll
m 'il ier, that thI n ii tlhy lift' tine' re
(')r1ivt thy2 god thing 221nd lik4ewiVe 1441.
arns \ II ca til iti h f low he isl.4lu iorttld
alnl h2 art tirnl' t.ll ,"--l k' Ia . 1 19 to
O)tur text introduces 4is into one of the
finest 4a1l214'4e olf iancient irchit'ct lit2 . ev
'ry roomn gliitters with extrav/agant fllrlni
tnre, silver thrlealhel carpets, deep cush
ilioned sofas, mir'rors lahrge and ornament
ed, h1n 2til promeniead.es, gardens filled
with ll owrs tof rarest odors atnd beauty;
you say what1 a love.ly phlace, I wish I was
so sitiiuated, I would say- "soul take thine
ease, eat drink :lad be tllerry .
Our text says "li was clothed in put
ple and lidnenl every day" look at himn
whatit i title specinl of humanllllity, what
syn iete'r of t4r2. what rich costulnle,
dressed in rovyal purple and snow white
linen, we takke his photograph in olur
wihids ee, land 1 step aside to compare
notes, we agree how accurate are tle I
pictui res "'a celrtain rich iaitli clothed in
purple, and finell linen."
We learni that he "fared slllptuously
every d1y." The 4song rattles anid we
are invited into the spacious dining hall,
what ait grand display, silver, and china,
alid ghassware glitter under the flashing
chaneuideliers, the servants pile the viands
1on our plates. here are tender morsels of
fatted call, choicest birds, fish, and bean
tiful boquets reared utp on the centre of
the table. Chamnpaigne corks dancing
against the ceiling .as fresh bottles are
opened, and silver cups filled to brim's
edge-a lordly style of living this ; we
say, truly this "certain rich man fares
sumptuously ever'y day."
Our ears are pierced with a distressing
noise at the rich mans gate, some one has
laid a beggar there by the name of Laza
rus, he in rags and tatters, and covered
with sores, he cannot expect to live long,
his request is moderate "desiring to be
fed with the crumbs which fall from the
rich nimans table "
In this destitute situation without I
money, friends or relations, the dogs came
along and applied their healing tongues
to his sores-yes there are many dogs
kinder than their masters, I had rather
go to them for aid and sympathy than to
thl ir owners. The poor man could not
longer withstand hunger and cold, anid
welcont es death with a smile and a thank
as be was so poor I suppose the town of
ficers buried him in a paupers grave.
But really it was not Lazarus that was
buried but rather his tattered garments
and loathsome sores, for the angels have
been hovering around, and the moment
the breath left the body, "He was car
ried by the angels to Abrahams bosom"
and has now heen one of the millionaires
inl: Heaven for eighteen hundred years.
Buit few visitors at the rich mans pal
ace was noticed, but finally one comes
along without hail. watchword or key ,
no one sees him but this certain rich mlan,
though he never saw him before he knows
him, the visitor is Death, the rich man
falls on his gilded sofa, feet and hands
grow cold, pulse lowers, breath shorter,
lungs cease, heart still, ltife lis egones, Dead !
He was an unfaithful and unprofitable
stewar I: he was a barren fig tree and was
cut down.
The news of his death was heralded
everywhere, the fneral hour is atnnqun
ced and the lhighways are thronged with
wealth and splendor following the nod
ding plumes to the cemetery. Yes, rich
men always have large funerals-a large
white marble columu is erected over his
grave to mark his last resting place, let
me write his epitaph thereon, here it is,
"a certain rich man which was clothed in
purple lanid fine linen, and fared sunmptu
ously every day," this is enough, this is
all we learn of him on earth.
But really it was not the rich man that
was buried, but only his purple and lin
en, and sparkling *jewelry, for our text
says "in Hell he lifted uip his eyes, being
in torments, and2 Abraham afar off and
Lazarns in his bosom." Thus may we
bury the body but we can neither kill
nor bury the soul.
Now observe the difference between
our two characters, while on earth Laza
rus was the poor afflicted beggar, desi
ring to be fed with crumbs which fell
from the rich mals table; moreover the
dogs were his only physicians, they came
and licked his sores, he died on the
streets, was buried in poverty, hut was
taken charge of by the angels and carried
to Abrahanm's bosom.
The rich man was dragged to Hell by
demons, and "lifted up his eyes being in
torments, and seieig Abraham afar off
and Lazarus in his bosom, and he cried
and said Father Abraham have mercy on
me, and send Lazarus that lie may dip
the tip of his finger in water and cool my
tongue for I am tormented in this fiame."
"Bunt Abraham said, son remember that
Sthout thy life tinq received thy good
things, and likewise Lazarus evil things,
but now he is comforted and thou art tor
mented."
I would not be understood as objecting
to wealth in its self, neither is it condem
ned by thi text; thiso the contrary, I wish
every charitable minded man and woman
of my congregation were millionaires;
there are so many people in want, so
many charities to bestow, so many
church houses to be erected ; they could
use their wealth so as to honor God, they
could take up a poor Lazarus and care
for him.
Nor do I hold that a man can get to
Heaven through the gates of poverty
alone; indeed this may be the result of
wickedness, of laziness. The Scripture
does not then condemn riches, per se, nor
reward poverty per sn, but everywhere
'tijoilns on i i11not to set otlrtheart oil richeis,
a11Id1 says "Blessed 'are ill.t poor in splirit."
But let us pry deeper into this text and
see if there is not an awfill fact therein
whlich wel, havte not yet furlly developed.
\t" are here inftiºrtied that there is a
jHarer. aind that thtre i; a ell ; we are
o.llt to trtlad onl tolder gronllld, for you
are tll en tIo cnv-'iction a, the hbauties and
g anduril of Heaven, you are thankful
there i.s .,h :a phI e,. ouI helieve there is
such ,. plre. lAn netar saw it. or heard
its SnnIlg r smii ll1tI its sweet oilos, let
the IBile slays so, that is yor only it -
intliol on the st, ijct. a il you heliee
thal. liut when It, :anone flint there
is ll, yott vai t~t f o got' mll o revealed
Itruth, aol ta:ik :lout sience and reason.
laIt we are here to eXaine thit s lt't oicn.
let us keep to the t.ijct and speak, hlar
aml del:id t fir tino noti eternity.
Y o eagriy ask toe. what do yon think
of lell r W\'halt sort of al place is it ! I
nswer that these aret qtestions that ev
ery man lutist hdecide ftr himself, and at
l is ownl peril, this deciion to be predica
ted on the word of God-and we see at
once the great diltliculty in giving a fair
opinion, because we are the accused par
ty, and if there is a H1ell it is neode for
the punishment of the wicked; but we
mus ist remember at this point that otur
opinion amounts to nothing ; if there i a
Hell the opinion of every hutan being
to the contrary would not obliterate it.
I may believe that there is no such range
of mountains as the Alps, but my opin
ion does not effect the mountains. Nei
ther does our opinion of Hell change that
place. Andt,yt, it is all important that
we should have correct ideas, as a mis
take here may prove fatal.
I take it for granted that you all be
lieve in the Bible, that it is the word of
God, that its contents are truite, that it is
of Divine origin, is of inspiration ; you
are convinced that while the creeds and
opinions ot men are liable to change that
"God is the same yesterday, to-day and
forever," and you would rather know
what God says about future punishment
its nature and its character, than to have
my individual opinion; well listen to the
voice of the Deity.
Matthew, 13-50-"And shall cast them
into a furnace of fire."
Rev. 14-10-"He shall be tormented
with fire and brimstone."
Rev. 19-20-"These men were cast into
a lake of fire burning with brimstone."
Isaioh 66-24-"Neither shall their tire
be quenched."
Matthew, 15-41-"Depart from me ye
cursed into everlasting fire."
Rev. 21-18--"All liars shall have their
part in the lake that burneth with fire
and brimstone."
Mark, 9-45--'"Better than having two
feet, to be cast into Hell, into the fire
that never shall be quenched."
Our Text-"I am tormented in this
flame."
Time would not permit me to quote one
fourth of similar passages; the Sacred
volume is crowded with them from Gene
sis to Revelations.
Some say I do not believe in material
fre. well there is no such thing as immae
lerial fire-but you say the torture is
mental and not physical, well you do not
bett r the clase, for every one knows that
mental torture is worse than physical;
but why discuss the question, it is "thus
saith the Lord," "and what is man that
he should contend against his Maker."
If these Bible statements are false then
all may with equal reason be said to be
false. As for myself I dare not dispute
the Bible, especially when I remember
the closing language of this great gift of
God to man ; read it, "For I testify unto
every man, that heareth the words of thees oth
prophesy of this book, if any man shall
add uinto these thinigs, God shball add un
to hime the plagues that are written in
this Book: and if anuy mnan shall take
away from the words of the Book of this
prophesy, God shall take away his part
of the Book of life, and out of the Holy
City, and from the things which are
written in this Book." Be careful there
fore ia your criticism of the Bible lest all
the curses therein contained crush you
forever, and lest you may never enjoy the
blessings hero promised to those who do
believe.
Oh how careful we should all be to es
cape the wrath of God ourselves, and re
membering too that our best friends are
lost forever, there is no shadow of a hope
for them, "there is no repentance in the
grave"-when the iron gates of Hell are
closed on them, they shall never again be
unbarred to give them exit ; when once
shut up within those walls of sweltering
flames which girdle the fiery gulf, there
is no possibility of flight--they have 'for
ever" stamped upon their chairs; forever
engraven on the doors and walls; forever
carved in deep lines of despair on their
hearts. Remember there is no death in
Hell, Death which is a monster on earth
would be an angel in Hell, If he could go
there all the damned would fall down
and worship him, every tongne would
sing, and every heart would praise, and
each cavern would echo with a triumph
till all was still, and silence brood where
terror reigned, but no, the terrible truth
is "Their worm dieth not, and the fire is
not quenched."
But let us leave this dismal dreary part
of our subject andt turn our eyes to the
Home of Lazarus-to the abode of Abra
ham-to Heaven-to our Home, to the
City of our God.
Heaven is also a real place. St. John
in the Apocalyptic vision, measured it
with the golden rod, Isee it glitter in the
light of Heaven as he measures walls,
he gives its dimensions, the character of
its gates, walls, streets, rivers, trees and
songs; but how that City has grown
since his day, all the Apostles, martyrs,
reformers, Saints of God mothers, fathers
and children, bave gone in since to swell
the number and increase the songs and
joys.
Thus have I endeavored to set before
yon just as I see in the only Book that
gives any information ot the subject
and as I feel Divinely directed- Hell,
with its weeping sad wailing, and Heav
en with itr joys and Hallelaiahs, and I
eitve on 1~ . ,"r..- ", l t:
cioice is a ti" i it'. :.'Vi is ft'i Ilaind
daumaiti.,i k ft.. . } t' tlh, day
Co retivi 'e s cto 1 ;I'iit' 'i mild oi;
Extra Sessiozi.
ini exta session I..r 1.5 tI.i\, i%\ the
Gov"ei nor.
NEW )VIFISMENT:S.
MULES FOCi SAT,.
Slarge t .of FINE I: ýM flI't
L . M .lLES, y iu; ,, ... ; , ,1 in
T ret s lihiera.,l amti l'ive,-s molerate.
Apply to .1. I'. JOHNSON.,
G. A. \V.ALL.ACE, n hi p,'.
Mi1attch I1-2t or tf.
A.. l. H Ll. )1. D)I;tLE.
IEAlSa t As e 131?TGal3
lIQUOl lEfi tlNTS.
Fine and Common brands of
WHISKIES,
BRANDIES , &c.
and dealers in
IMPORTED AND DO00 ESTIC CIGARS.
SALESROOMS:
No. 17 LEVEE STREET,
SHREVEPORT, LA.
WAREROOM:
No. 10 WASHINGTON STREET,
LOUISVILLE, KY.
March 16-1y.
Improve Your Stock!
T HE fine thoronglhbrel, Short Horn
Durham Bull.
ANDOVER,
will stand a limited season at Oakland
Plantation, (Burmuda P. 0,, Natchito
ches Parish) at
TEN DOLLARS THE SEASON.
Pasturage free. Prudent care will be
taken of stock, but I will not be respon
sible for accidents.
Pedigree of Andover:
Got by Edgar (6712) 1st dam Red Rose
2d., by Burnet, (7631) 2d Dam Red Rose,
by Mountaineer, (8671) 3rd dam May
Rose, by Duke of Ardrie, (12730) 4th dam
Moss Rose, by Stanhope's Cossack, (377)
5th dam Mary Anne, 1st by Comet, (1854)
6th dam Mary Anne, by Middlesbro,
(1234), 7th damr Prudence, by Edward,
(1002, 8th dam by President, (517). 9th
dam by George, (274).
J. ALF. PRUDHOMME.
Feb. 23,-3m.
THE THOROUGBRED STALLION,
PRINGE ALBERT T,
Will stand the ensuing season at
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
DESCRIPTION -PRINCE ALBERT T, is a
dark Mahogany Bay, without white ; six years
old ; sixteen hands high, and in fine health and
condition.
PEDIGREE :-PRINCE ALBERT T, was
sired by Prince Albert, Jr., and he by Trout.
man's Prince Albert. and he by imported Clev.
eland bay horse, Young Lord, the property of
J. B. Clay. of Bourbon county, Ky. Hle dam
was sired by old imported Valentine ; his grand
dam by Forester ; he by old Bertrand ; his great
grand dam, Amends Sergeant by old Shake
speare. Valentine wahsa thoroughbred hrse
imported to improve the thoroughbred stock of
this country. Abadam Valentine, the dam of
Prince Albert is one of the finest mares in
Kentucky. The data of Prince Albert. Jr.,
Mollie, was aired 1h a thoroughbrel race-horse ;
her dam was sired by old Wood Pecker and he
was the sire of old Gray Eagle. The dam of
Prince Albert T, was sired by John Printer,
and his grand dam by old Black IHawk.
WILSON MERRELL.
TERMS:--Single leap, $7 00, payable at service.
Season, $10 (00, payable dutring season.
Insurance. t15 00, payable when fact
is ascertained or mnare trauferred to other own.
era.
Pasturage and eare of mares can be had from
the undersigned.
Post Office. Box 120, I R. P. HUT O N
Natchitoches, La. P
March 9.3m.
STRAYED OR STOLEN.
A JET BLACK mare; bushy mane,
Shind feet white, branded g., has
strayed or was stolen from the under
seigned on or about the 10th or 15th of
septermler last and I will pay $3 for her
recovery or for information that will
lead thereto.
March 2-1m.
PAUL LEWIS.
M . 8. CURTES
PRACTICAL MACHINIST
-AND
ENGINEER,
ARCHITECT, CARPENTER & JOINER
A LL kinds of Machine work, Engi
11 neering, Carpentering and Joiner
work done with dispatch, and in first
class nmanner.
1 Estimates and plans for buildings
I promptly furnished. Parties desiring
work within the scope of my trades will
call on nme at any time for terms; which
a will be liberal, both as to price ;uand time.
Shop on WASHINGTON STREET.
a NATCHITOCHES, LA,
Jan 12-ly.
JAMES C. MOISE,
a Portrait Painter, Natchitoehes La.
CABINET SIZE:AND PRICES EXCLU
SIVE OF FRAMES, OVAL OR
SQUARE.
8x10 $15,00. 10x12 $16,00. 12x14 17,50
14x16 $20,00. ltixl8 $25,00.
S18x20 $30,00. 18x24 35,00.
5 LIFE SIZE, HEAD AND BUST, OVAL
a OR SQUARE.
,, 20x24 $40,00. 22x27 545,00. Q5x30 $50,00
S KIT-KAT, SQUARE.
I 29x38 & 30x36 $80,00, each.
SPortraits ofdeceaesad persons painted
from photographs,
Dec 15-tf
SDeverly Tuokter,
, General Collector
I 0i All Aeounts promptly oollected,
$5 0 C'lt ) rl.' :...
S i tel ; ,l l . 1 . .II i . i,
of Catarrhi l .l'i, · it . ..l , ,
tori, .t i:N,, . Vi
t Goulds Manufacturing Co,
lbanu l, , ut
HydrMullic Ri:r
or I ni r~ ! .l
kur ilut ,1
o iia L'."
NQU FOR COULDs PUMPi
A tORY.S -' $ ,..,t , \ , `
WAREBOUSE. 1 Pai IL. iLt,l 1i I it
PIANOS ",,,
BEATTY, Washilgtlon, N. 1I.
triges. Address, .1. Bit Wai . . I
&. 138 Wood St., lit :ihn i , ':I.
SIN UIRE FO\ ,IllU,"; t, .
eases, giving symAtoRS., anti "ni cI F .
Sent fite to those alEt'itI. .ul. .
S. Webster, 50 N. t0 .St, ..i illl t.i i'pil;,
Pa.
TEMPERANCE REFORM
AND ITS GREAT lIl' Ol: II;S.
By Riev. W. 11. Iltalri'iel . i.
Profusely Illustrateid "ii 'lirtrail '
Sketches and coIta li v,\ vi'r I 1 a.
rg A whole Teni.l, ei;iiii' ,ili,,! , i;i:
single Value. Agents W';ntr I:i, i
Where.
Address for extra fTerils a nil ('ir"nit..
NELSON 11 ll.1 1'S,
805 Broautway , i a Yor'
Vegetine.
THE BEST SPRING iED'lIl'NE.
(' h l r, sto il.
H. R. Stevens:
Dear Sir,-Thiis is to clit th11 at I
have used your Blood rl'rpla:lrtlioi ill ill
family for several years. awil t.lini, t\ ;lr
for Scrofula or Cankerous lIIiii,.r or
Rhewnumatic affections it iaituit l,: e
celled.
Mrs. A. A. DINSMI Il:.
Vegetine is Sold by all 1)llrngist,.
GREENBACKS
FOR BONII.)OLDl).s
GREENBACKS
FOR GOLD GAMUILES.
GREENBACKS
FOR NATIONAL BANKElS i
GREENBACKS
FOR TILE lPlOPLE'
FOR ALL PERl PossL'
For which money is ed iutertclhangel I
ble at par with Gold alr, ilr, ii a sit
ficient quantity as to prolot. ildii'.t,
invite inimigration, atnd devlp t he, r.
sources of the country, is .what te
CINCINNATI ENQUIRER
Claims is the only remedy fir i-' ills
brongnt upon the countrly by Ilti4at nlii
and Laws, enacted for thie Iitit tf a
Monied Class, aKd the opprcshiu of La
bor and Indnstry.
Government Credit seutaiini our I',io;ls
for the beneit of the wealthy, lIt Iho
sanme Credit
SUSTAIN GREESKACKI'
For the benefit or the People "b ho s~istaii
the GovernLDUtit.
DAILY ENQUIRER, pe' er yKr: tl'
WEEKLY ENQUIRERK " :
lree of postage.
Agents w:lntrtyl,
FARAN& McLEn, A Puvllnrs,
Feb 23lmno Ci'iii: . Ohio.
The Phoix hais pullt oi new liii al nloi
caters for phlic favors.
J Warren Studdhltfh
hasM taken charge aud hDAN now dispflnse
the choicest
BRANDIES,
WHISKIES,
LIQIORS,
RICH ST. LOUIS BREER ON IRAhF'.
Don't forget, ye thirsty, the PInlix
on St. Denis Street.
Feb. 24.ly
FOR SALE.
A FINE blooded STALLION t
can be bought cheap lie ,
owner is a resident of ei~riion
parish, and the Horse is too e lin i tlfrlt
section, hence his reason fir sellinig.
Horse-sixteen hands high io , eight
years old, lark bay, solid color.
Apply to C. BRAY, Esq.,
Blacklaud Cottage P. O., Vrnroan l'ii. Li.,
Or to Vndicator Olli'e.
Jan. 19-6t or tf.
COGHIN POULTRY YARD,
BORDEL SIUOTRESIT,
Between Pitt and Prytanni, Nw Oiritlla.
DUNLOP BAKEI, Pi'optretor.
HIGH CLASS POULTRY.
Eggs for Hatchint $3 per Dozen,
Shipped to any address t i receipt of
Buffand Patridge Cochin a Spe
ciality.
Dec. 8-3m.
FOR SALE.
riNE Seenid hand Rth iHrs les .Iiohlcr, in
good cendition. For Teas nsf , rel piicet
apply to E. C. PALMEI?. C.i
Bak.2 ott New Ot-:rn .s, Ia