18 76!
E E BEST, THE LARGEST,
the Cheapest Weekly Paper.
Published.
NOW IS TIlE TIME TO
r J BSC X. II2 2 !
The St. Louis Tines.
ID.ily, Stunday, Tri-Weekly and Weekly.
TIlE
Leading Democratic Paper
WIEST OF I IIHE MISSI.IP'lI.
The ST. Louis ThIES is a large
sixty-four columntl Newspaper,
the largest and cheapest
Weekly Newspaper
published in the
United States.
81500 IN GASH PREMIUMS
AS FOLLOWS:
DAI L Y.
.i50 Calsh to any person from whom we
receive the largest. list of suhbscribers
to the Daily Times thr one year (he
fore the 31st of March next) of not
less thl:u one hundred and iflty
Iltnlles, at S per :nnunnt.
G161) Cash ftir the next largest li-t of not
less than ltN10 ia;ines at $" per a1nntnn.
01.25 Cash fior.the next largest list of not
less than 75 namlles at $1 Iper a'innunm.
,75 Cash for the next largest list of not
less than 50) namn at $8 per anlnam.
ti0 Cash for the next largest list of not
less than 30 names at $8 per annum.
$30 Cash for the next largest list of not
less than 20 names at $. 1per lIIIllannum.
C ask for the next largest list of not
less than 20 nallimes ait $4 p[er Lullolnltl.
TRI WVEEKLY.
125 Cash tor the largest list of subscrib
ers to the Tri-Weekly times (before
the 31st of March next), of not less
than one hundred and twenty-five
names at $4 per anmnli.
;"75 Cash fir tihe next largest list of not
less than 75 names att $4 per annum.
8;50 Cash for the next largest list of not
less than 50 names at $4 per amintu.
$25 Cash for the next largest list of not
less than :39 names at $1 per annua.
u15 Cash ior the next largest list of not
less than1 10 names at $4 per annuili.
$10 Cash for the next largest list of not
less than 10 names at $4 per annum.
WEEKLY TIMES.
$250 Cash to any person front whoun we
receive (before the 31st of March
next) the largest list of subscribers
to the Weekly Times fo r<no year, of
not less than five handraiM namles, at
$1 25 per annum.
$1li Cash for the next largest list of not
less ttan two hundred and lifty namunes
at $1 25 per annum.
$75 Cash for the next largest list of not
less than ore hundred anmi lifty names
at $1 25 per annunl.
830 Cash for the next largest list of not
less than one hundred names at $125
a peian . illm.
5 llash or li next largest list of f tie
ii laee toan fifty more at r e25 i r an-hi
will be footed up after31st of March next.
Prclmiums awarded within thirty days
after March 31, 1875, by the Times Coil
paly of St. Louis.
No snbscriptions received lefore De
e.uaber 1, 1874, nor after Mairch 31, l1875.
will be taddled to Premium lists.
Under the new postal law, taking effect
.January 1, 1875, the postage ol nelwspa
p're is required ti be prepaIid by the
ilhblishulel at the tillle of Iutiling, thus
relieving the lsubscriber of the necessity
of paying at lis phlStoliCo the qilarterly
posltage as heretofore.
Postage Prelpai by Publishers.
The unprecedented snceesswith which
the Times has met, since its estlablish
melunt, is convilnciung evideneo that the
Ieople of the West and 8outh, fully ap
preciate the efforts of a journal, which,
ii addition to its enterprise as a liews
palper, has the courage to boldUy declare
:and constantly maintain tho principles
of its political faith.
The public journal mostly deserving os
D)noerattic support is the one that, in
adlltion to boeing a full andl fiithfnl and
consistent advocate of Doilncratic priln
iplel. A De)olllcrtio newspaper is the
newspaper for Democrats to support, allId
tbho idea sometilmes sought to be illnculca
tedL by tllhose who have an iuterest of their
'wun in doing so that the poople must go
a:tside their party organ to '"find the
news," is absurd anmd irrational. There
113o sort of incompatibility whatever
rstween the political and ;,on-political
ijonurnlis to the matter of inews; many a
,f thl papers now published throughout i
Cm country, and estpecially valuable for a
;:me Snmat and variety of their intel- a
!igence, being also knowi for the ability
ad earneestness with which they crlaun- t
ion tlheir lpeculiar party views. Hence
all things else being equal, it is mnaniftist. -
; the duty of Domocrats to limit their
eowspaper patronage to such as are ,of
t!euir own wat of thinking, and not to A
.puander their means on thlumse that wage e
:,mutant warfare upolt their establishled a
tonvictions.
It is our desire to see the Times in the
'land ofall iDemoerats, and every well- t
.;lsher' of the Government throughout
tihe land, adl in order that this may be
he, we are now offering the following
Sxthonrdinary inducements to thlose whoS
*vill interest themuelves and act in the
•.paeityof clbs agenuts for the Times t1
rhtiighout thIe country.
SrTheTimes is under the editorial man- n
.~ eMment of 8Trsor Rtru RInS, one of its 2
'etnders ameoeilated with Joux N. EN II
A'aRe and . H. BYLns.STrlu, who are
.;all and favorably knlown to thile Deimnoc- e
.cy of the Northwest, in charge of a s
Srge and capable staflofwriter and re- a
DAIIY.
xelwlding the "Mammoth" Sunday
* Edition, eontaining "All
the Newas"
illr-Saven Papers per weekt, per
y eu'ri l ismsritptiou, by nalil 8 00
,i..ily-I heb offlive eo more, per
a, each r, sau scription, by muil 7500
' , ItI-WE LY. - -
b ei-.A)W~b e, b m ...- .. Iea
+ " - " -  - -
, ,..: r":+:i":: ;; ::Z.k -++ ;-e+ . - +.? i. .7. .7..: ':
In clubs of tenll or Iore, each sub
scrijtion, by mail ................ 1 25
r, A gets Xot CIotendieng for Prenmiluns
Will h1e aihlowed ten per cent commission
froil the shove rates, to be deducted be
fore nmaiiling lmoney.
The Merchliant andi Businecss 3Man eiln.
not take la morle ilsctefll land valuable
Ilewspiiper than thei Timeits.
I Latest Financial Reports correctly
gi ven.
'11h Tillw's, for its size, is the cheapest
paper it circuelation.
S 'lIThe Tinmes gives the most complete
* iocal ;111d4 Flreigtt Market Reports of any
pat:ier in the Mississipplli valley. Thel
v. Market Reports aIre IIIale lip witlh the
grealtest care; ftiii all sollrcies, and the
suhiseril'ems to the Tinslit, may rely uponi
ha\ili V he Inc Ist.
A tirst-chlass Lite rary afltd Fam:ily3 paper.
Editorial artihles Iiuponi all tlhe culrrelit
lolies of the day.
The Agrienltriist will always find the
Times l paper litel to his anlllts.
Support your ow-l newspaper.
' Now is the time to sirbscribe for the
T'itnes.
Slultscrilers to the Times shoulld send
their mitoney, 'by postittice order or ex
press, to the iii'address Iof
TIMES COMPANY,
St. Louis Mo.
WILD OATS.
PIROSPECTUS FOR 1876.
(, C'haºmpion )nJmerica. C(onic Peeper !
rs
, Illustrated liy a corps of the liust Amleri
C(all artists, and contrlibutied to by the
limost popularlhulllrist ad satiorists nd ti s of
,t the day.
,t Wild Oats now enters snecessillly up
Oi the sixth 'yer ' of its existencell, fti1(1
has hleconmit the established hilltilorotis :llnd
t satiricial paper:l of the countrylit. It wais.
. started aitid coiitinued the first Vyeri as af
,t monthly, then, to satisfy the lemaiiilnd of
the lpublic, it was changed to I ftirl'tlighlt
It ly. Still continuiniiig its good work of
l. hittinig thlly as it flies, and showing ilup
It the lslitical aiind social sh s by its
malsterly lcarltoons alnd pnugenlt edlitorials,
it wachievdt even greater success thanll
before, ailid was recognlized as til abllest
_ nd brightest of itselass. Since then we
have yielded still further to thlle public
dellhlald, and low publish Wihl Oats
weekly! It has literally grown ilto its
present shape on its intrinsic merits, be
it ing the first successfill weekly humnorons
i. laper ever lpublished in this country.
t Among tlhe artists especially elngage
to fhrniish illustrations for Wild Oats ar'e
t Frank Bellew, Thomlnls Worth. Hopkins,
Wales, Sheltonl, Wolf, 1Jump, Kecttels.
t Stnckhardt, )Day, Polandt, aind several
others who are yet known to fante.
t i its literary departnenuts Wild Oats
Swill, as it always has, standi alone andii
lnalpproachaIIhle. At least one first-class
serial story will always be founllid in its
pages, by the best hliumoroiis, satirical,
It and chalracter writers in the United
s States; while its sketches and slllibs
wf ill be sparkling, original and pointed.
it Wild Ots will Ie first-class in every
pliarticular, and on this account may be
it taken into the lbest familioes without feiar
or suspicion, al ni o word or illustration
will apilpear that can offenld the most fas
it tidions.
~s P Selnd for a Sample Copy alnd
Convince Yourselres.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE:
S On Year ................... $i 00
u- Six Months..................... 2 00
Three Months................... 1 00
Siugle Copies..................... 10
1 Any person sending is a club of five
i sutbncrilbres tfr one year will receive a
l copy gratis.
t. Address,
s COLLINS &ISMALL.
- Publishlers, 113 Fllton Street, N. Y.
. EVERY LADY SHOULD TAKE IT.
PETERSOt 'S I tlAZIIE,1
'iy THE CIIEAPEST AND BIEST IN
THE WORLD.
- Po(stage Pre-Paid on aUll Subseril.ptios.
This popular Monthly Magazine gives
more for the molley than any in the
" world. For 1376, it will ie greatly hiu- I
llproved. It will contain One Thlousand
Pages. Fourteen Splendid 8teel Plaltos,
'I Twelve Colored Berlin Patterns, Twelve n
Malunlnoth Colored Falshion, Niieo HuIn
1 drodl Wood Cuts, T'wenity-Four Pages of
- Music. All tlhis will hiu given for only '
Two Dollars a year, liostfige prelhid by
Sthe lblisher, or a dollar less thafl Magl
fizines of the class f I "Peterson." Its
TI'RILl2IKhO TALES AND NOV.- F
E LTIES n
Are the best punblilshed anywhere. All d
the roost popular writers are enlployed
to write originally "PLtersotl." In 1875,
in aldlitioi to the lsuilil llianitity of short
stol ies. Five Original Copylright Novel
etts will be gliven, by Mrs. Aunn S. Ste
plhes, Franlik Lee Benedict, Jtanue G. Alus
tin Mllirietta lolley and Diainy Venctuor.
MlAMMOTH COLORED FASHION
PLATES
Ahead of all others. These plates are
engraved ot steel. Twice the usual size,
aitd are tuitequaled for beauty. They
will be superbly colored. Also House
hold and other receipts; in short, every
thitig ilnteresting to ladies.
SUPERB PREMIUM ENGIIAVING!
To every Iperson gettiig ip either of
the following clubs for 175 will be sent
gratis, a copy of our nlew land spleodid
mezzotint for farmingu , (size 21 inches by
'21i, ''"Washiugton's 1 irst interview with
Ilis Wife." This is a Five Dollar Engram
ving, andt the most desirable premulun
ever otfeld. For large clubs, as will be
seeni helow, an extra copy of Mazazine
will be sent in additon.
TERMS (Always in Advance) $2.00
a YEAR.
Postage Prtaid by the Plublisker.
2 Copies for................$ 3 60
3 " "................ 400
6 t" :l ",,,................ 100
9 "L " ................ 14 00
2 " "................ 1800
Postagee Prepaid on the Club, with a
of u the euperb m..ontlni (h21t6)
pB- gton'ild s M Inti laIw Wlith. !is "
Wi to" the person gettiig up the
pt$ge Prepatd on the Cinb, with both
Re extra cop 4the .Magamsoa nuao the I
erb mezzotint. "Waslhington's First
25 interview With His Wifl1," to the per
son getting up the Club.
tis Address, post-plaid.
0oi CIIAA LES J. P'E'ERSON,
30- 306 Chesnut street, Pa.
; Specimens sent gratis if written
ull for.
,le
4 THE BEST PAPER. TRY IT.
''t POSTAGE FREE.
te -
Beautifully Illustrated.
le The SCIENT''IFIC AMERICAN now in
1e its 30th year, enjoys the widest cireula
ot tion of any weekly newspaper of the kind
int the world. A new voliiuIe conellneces
'r. J:nuary .1, 1675.
It its contents embrarce the latest and most
interesting information plertaining to the
he Industrial, Mechanical, and Seient itic Pro.
gress of the World; I).sciriptions, with
lH'aut iftl Engravings, of New lnventions,
New Pr'ci'ss5s, anld hIl'proved Indulstries
lie of all kinds; I:sefiil Notes, Recie's, Sug
gestions and Advice, by Practical W'ritetrs.
lfor Workmen and Employers in all the
I various arts.
The SCIEN''iFIC AMERICAN is the
cheapest alti beIst illustrated weekly pa
per piablished. Every unuiber contains
frolt 10 to ii origina} 'tengravinags of new
-- inahine'ry and novel inventions.
ENGIfAVIG0S, illustrating Improve'
ne.ats, Discoveries, and Jlmportant Works,
pertaiuing to Civil and Meelhanica' Engi
neering, Mlilling. Mining and Metallurgy;
Records of the latest progress in the Ap
plieations of Steama. Stenum Eingineeriug,
I{ailways. Ship lhnilding, Navigation.
Telegra phy, Telegraph iEngineering, Elec
! triaily, 3Magunetism, Light and lfe'at.
1FAI.MEIS, Meclhanics, Engineers,
Inventors, Ianutfarturers. Chemists, Lov
i._ ors of Science, Teachers, Clergymen, Law
Ic yers, and People of all Profeissions, will
of find the Sctc:NTIrI:C AMui:h'.tN utseful to
thent. It should have a iptlac in etrel'y
IFamiy ily, Library, Study, office, and Conat
ad ing RIoolm; in every Reading Room,
id College, Academy or School.
A year's tutnhers contain 832' pages and
: SaV:ItRL ]IIuNiILiEI)] EiN ;VINGA~ is Thou
of salllls of' vollleSn n at' epeC',srv'edd tril' hitd
t. ing and referenee. The practical receipts
of' are well worth tell tilles the subscriltion
lIt price. Terms $320 a year by mail, in
ts eluding postage. Discmunt to Clubs Spe
, cimens sent free. May be had.- f all News
t ealers.
SPATENTS. I c ectin ,,it
ic AMEnRIC , Metssrs. MIt'x' & Co. are
ts Solicto's of American and Foreign Patents,
ts andtl have the largest esthlishlaent in the
Sworhld More than fifty thousand applica'
fl tions have heen made for patents through
their agentcy."
S ;Patents tare obtained on the best ternmts
Me Models of New inventions and sketches
examined and advice free. A special
s notice is madel' in the Sc'ientifie American
.l of all Inventions Patentented throgh this
Agency, with the na:le and resident of
ts the Pattntee. Patents are ol'ten sold ill
ul part or whole, to persons attracted to the
, invelntion by such notice. Send for
ts Pamphlet, lit pages, laws and fuill di
il, rections for obltaining Patents.
t Ahldress for the Paler, or concerning
bs Patents, blSxx & Co., 37 Park Row
d. N. Y. hrachl Office, car. at 7tit Sts.
,r \Vashinton, D C.
J:anty 1 d71T.--ly
>i FITS CITUREI) FREE!!
LS- --
Any person sultffring f'ro the above
td disease is requested to address IDr. Price,
anlld a trial bottle of medicine will be
forwarded by Express,
FREE!
00 The only cost being the Express char
ges, whlich owing to mny large bsiniaess,
00 are snall.
)0 Dr. Price hasI lm;ade the treattient of
1o FITS OR EPILEPSY
,ea study for years, and hie will warrant n
a cure by the use of his remedy.
D)o not fail to send to him for a trial
bottle; it costs nothing, and he
WILL CURE YOU,
no matter of how long standitng your
case Iiay' be, or how iuanlly other relue
dies may have faiied. I
Circulars and testitmonials sent with
FREE TRIAL BOTTLE.
Be parlticutlar to give your Express, as
Swell as your Post Office direction, andl
Address, 1
Dr. Chas. T. Price,
67 William Street, New York.
Mamih 6.--y.
------------- --- ii
. CONSUMPJJON CURED.
To the Editor of The Palend's h Viadicator :
S ES'I'EIMED, FRIEND: ]
e WVill you pilease inaforna your readers h
a- I have a positive
d CURE FOR CONSUMI'ION
and all dlisoranlers of the Thlroat and
SLungs, a.nd that, by its use in nmy rac- i
Slice, ( have curecd hundreds of cases, and e
i ill give
y $1,000 00
Sfor a case it will rnot benefit. Indeed, so tI
strong is my faithl, I will send a S.AMPLE, V
SIFREEw to allty Allfrer addressing Itle,
Please show this letter to any one you
may know who is suftering fiomn these
Sdiseases, and oblige,
1 Faithfully Yours,
Dr. T. F. BURT,
t ar William St., New York.
OMarch 6.--ly.
ir
Burdick's National
HAY & FEED CUTTER,
rWilustluor n agiven tme, wishle apown e
nea ay  serl tas m ri o
Alla of Irm rsy be
1un6into tbje~hish ns
wheas taflmoto, at
t wll wleananding ou:t
s11stldar , e tal O ti
r meai bl thesl t setml way..,. de
etost. loun anl dLouaistlg.
srlm at prieebs la w l A
SEPLE, BIRGE & 0O, i
PaAsuitant luphm ets n amu e
ppl in, sh, S. pLeak ae
IPbh semention ha t a passeer tense~ Ls
SORGHUMH MCHINERY, C
CANE MI.L8Ls,
EVAPORATING
laW thip adyertisement.
Semple, Birge & Co.
VI 80(IT/I IA/ t II., S T 4
' WE WANT AN AGENT IN
EVERY COUNTY
-IN THE-
UNITED STATES!
----co()----
Gold Coin! $1,000.00 in Gold!
--00
jgg We Challenge the World,
And will thrfieit $1.l0 to airy persont who can prodluee a rentedy which will prove
byhv actual test, a more spe'edy, certain and et'eetu:l cure for all Paiills and Aches of
n whatever farl'm, external and internal, acute or chronic, deep-seated or otherwise
than
Dr. Radcliffs Great Remedy,
Seven Seals or Golden WONDER
h We have had this challentge of $1A01) pro'minently displayetd in all our Circulars
Sandi Newspaper Advertisements, for the last fiur years, and not taken, which
L' sltlhos the supellrior excellence of ollr Remedy over all other. F.'or External or int
I ti'erial use.
It will Effect a Speedy Cure in all Cases of
1 Headache, Neuralgia, Tootlache, Sprains, Bruises.
. Flesh Wounds, Burns, Colic, Cramp, Cholera
Morbus, Flux, D)iarrhoea, Bronchitis. Catarrh,
coughs, colds, Inflammatory Rheuma
tism, Asthma, Phthisic, Heartburn,
Indigestion, Summer complaint,
Pains in Side, Back or Loins,
Piles, Ringworm, Felons,
Stings of Insects, Bites of
Venomous Serpents,
and Especially Ru
inatismn.
'. A 1'OWERFUL RIEMEDY Which is taken Internally by AN IV ONE.
-----oo-----
d This celebrated medicine is beyond a doubt the greatest discovery in Medi
a- cal Science kInown to the world. Its action is at once felt ; its wonder
- ful. cures are instantaneous; in fact it literally demolishes liain.
o0
--x-OO-
EQUALLY GOOD FOR MAN OR IBEAST.
Ioo
,IEMEMBER WE GUARANTEE EVERY BOTTLE.
No Cure, No Pay !
Try it, and be Convinced.
-oo
SOUIRCE OF HAIIPPINESS TO MILLIONS OF SUFFERING IIUMANITY.
s During. the past fotur years the wonderful success of this Great Remedy has far
5 exceeded our lmost sanguinelih exlecctations ; thousands have been cured, and thoul
Ssanlds have found oit from actual experielnce that Dr. Radclifl's Great Remedy,
n Seven Seals or Golden Wolnder, is the Most Woinerfil Pain Destroyer in Existence,
s the Most Exlpedios, Satfe and powelrful Rmendytl knownl in tihe World. Cures are
cif eftcted almost Instalntly, as if by Mla ic. Thouslands of certilicittes have been re
n ceived f'romll all part of our broad land, unsolicited antd nulsked for, speakinlg in
e hIeartfeilt anld universtl, praise of this Gre-at Remedyl , frotli persontal knowledge of
r its almliost nuiri:clllousl powers in curing the most obstinate and protracted cases of
Diseases.
-----o-
$1,000 Profit in Four M3onths ! 1,872 One Dollar Bottles Sold! !
IIEAD TIIIS :a
Scott Town, Lawrence County, Ohio.
Messrs. KENNEDY &. CO.-Dear Sirs :" At this late hour I will inform you of the r
great. henefit I received fromn the use of Dr:. lallitlls iGreat Remnedy, Seven Seals e
or Goilden VWotder, after being contined to my bed for eight years with a coeplica
tion ordliseases,viz : Dyspepsia. Bron'chitis, Palpitation ofthe Heart, Paitn in the Ii
Right Side, with General DeLility, for which 1 tried the skill of our homlle physi- 1I
CililS, also a hlocwtor of New York City, and two of Pittsburgh, and one in the t
i northernl pltart of Ohio.. Took enouigh patenlt niediciuces to swim in--all to no pur
poye. At lengthl I was indtlucedl to try )1r. Rladclift's Seven Seals or Goldcia Wonder. 1
I sent anlll ot six ifty cenllt bottles, and beforl'o ilillg it all fouild myself able to a
travel in a lutg!y. Took the agentty ftr its sale last April, follr iemonlths ago, and ll
heave sold thirteen cross, or 1, li hotltes, ui to this date, August 20t.h, 1872, iteet
expect froltt the growiling dellaund to sell ten tlhoulsandl (i10,l00) bottlhes in the Ilext
year. Gentletleil, if you'I thitk tltis worth using you can dlIo s, ls I anl generally II
kluown overl three coulnties as a aln, of gre;at aflfiction.
Youls Respelcctfully, H. J. DAIRLING, a
--oo
A I11EMEI)Y FOR IIARD) TIMES. TRY IT.
FOR TillS GREAT REMIEDY WE WISH YOU TO ACT AS OUR AGENT.
-00
Dear Sir:--''The above fully explains thie articles we wish to sell. This bulsiness
r is honorable, and by being energetic, will pay you well. It is our desire to ualp
- poilt tnt agent ill ever'y county in all iparts of the Unitedl States and Canada, grant
mig to. ach thle exclusive right to sell every bottk" sold in the countty. Should you c
IIccepllt tlte aigenyc for one or ntore cotuties, you shalil have the exclusive right to 4
se-l every bofl e sold itt your county, as log as you confittue to act as etur agent, U
ti lul all ordhss which we may receive from your territory shall be tturued over to ft
your accoullt.
This Wonderful Renledy, Seven Seals or Golden WVonder, sells ralpidlly in tihe
halnlds of the right kitll of lien, alltd we want toUie other. Now if you think you
tire the i11a1 for the work, forwalrd your orderl, nate youlr county, anti go to work; I
you Caii sell a gross in a few ldays, withoeut a doulet. We have olte titan who buys ti
on an atverl:ge three gross per week, lltd his orlders t'e itli1ceasing rapiidly, anid hIo
Ihas a snmall ctllllty, (Berks Co., Pa.) lie writes tlhalt hle expects to sell olte gross
per dlay, at retail, the coming selson, not counting wholesale. You have the priv- P
ilege of selling wholesale or retail, or putting it on eomlmnission with druggists, or c
selling by sule-agents. This business ia worth the attetitioti of gooel men and miten P
of capital. Should you mnake but reasottable w:'agen-say $100 per mnonth for the
first three mtonths (mutany make trnoe)-you would nievertheless he estatlbtsing a
business that would pty you Illrgely in the end.
AlgeUts are dloitg better with our Remuedy than anythilng else they ever took
hold of. Why is this F Because the Relnedey does just as we say, ani our agents
ca:n warrant every bottleD No cure, nio pay. Knowing that we uake all losses 1
good, should they be called on to redeuem a bottle, agents run no risk of loss.
Sevetn Seals or Golden Wonder is put up in $1,00 and 50 centt Ibottles, elegantly
finished in neat and appropriate wrappers, and packed in nice boxes, onue dozen in
each box.
To ldruggists our scale of prices are--Large size, $1.00 bottles, per dozen, $8.00
smuall size, 50 cent bottles, per dozen, $1.50,
We give specil terms to olur Coutly Agents at such tigures that they can sell
to druggists and country stores at the above price and make a handlsomne profit.
We also give an
Extra Premium to Agents!
In order to have live, energetic men to take hold of thie business at once, we
have concluded to give free gratis to each and every ageut a presentt of a handsote,
line
Coin Silver IHunting Watch, Free,
leautifully elngraved, and correc, time-keeper worth $20,U0, alcd a certificate of
agente' giving SOLE CONTROL of siuch counlty as the agent Ilmay select (not al
ready taken); ald, farthlernlore, dll orders colimlg frotm suach counties as the agent
nmay select, will be sent back by us twthe agentt to be filled-in fact we give sole
control o! s:clt counties as long as tihe ageitt continues in the business. lemuember,
the Preniulnu Watch is given gratis to the agents. We take this plan to have our -
Great Iruemedy quickly atd thoroughly introducet'. Let us hear from you at your
earliest convenience, and secure your colntly lit once, before being taken by sonte
one else. Remeniber, this ofier is olpen fobr a short time only.
A Small Capital Required to Run a Large Paying Busines.
The capital required is very small, and the profits ftom it will fully equal that of
thousands of merchants who have invested a large capital in their busiues. Hun
clreds iit all parts of the counttry are lmaking from $1.500 TO $5,000 A YIAR. 1
And lhundreds more will date their sulccess fron accepting our liberal offer at this
titme. Any one willing to work ifor success canu force it, but those who believe that
it can be had fromt idleness are niot the kind of mien we want to push our business.
We want
A LIVE, EXERGETIC AGENT.
As olne sucht is worth a doze-n who expect a ebusiness to push itself. We have slent
iun pslhing our busieess ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS.
SIt has paid us todo it, and it pleys our agents, as it advertises it thonronehly in
every State, County and Tovwnshlip in the United States--not only for us, lut for K
the Agent. IReelmucber, this is a life business atlld that every year it grows larger
and larger.
We will send to parties contenmplating to act as our Agents a SAMPLE D)OZEN
BOTTLES securely packed with our diflerent Posters, Bills, Show Cards, Tenmi, etc.,
UPON THE RECEIIPT OF $2.50. And all sending $2.50 for Sample lDozen, we
will send free of elmcarge. Seamples of our Eight Elegant ehromos, entitled:
Good Mornin ! Good Night ! F'eediu thle Chickens ! Mother's Grave ! Out
of the gying Pan. ! o Peep ! Reading the Bible! Firt Lesiaon !
If you want your county, let us know as soo. as convenient, as the territory may
be taken. We would be pleased to have parties who contemplate taking an agen
cy, to sed for Sample Package of this wonderful Remedy before engaging larg ly
REMEMBER, WE GUARANTEE EVERY BOTTLE.
NO CUIE ! .NO PAY !
With these suggestionf we leave the matter with yout. We do not wish you to
engage unless you will follow the business as a business, and really desire to make
nuoney. We want none but honest, conscientious men. To such we will guarantee
success. Address all eommunications to
SKENNEDY & CO,,
Sole Proprietors, Pittsburgh, Pa,
Plcasq state ia what paper 3'ou saw this (pq rtisement,
FLORAL GUIDE
F *or 1876.
PUILISJHED QUAltTERLY. JAN|'A
ry Number just issuetd, alnd contains
over 100 Pages, 500 Engraving, deserip
tions of ilolre than 400 of our best Floltw
I er and ligrttalubes, with directions for cul
ture, Colored Plate, etc. The most use
fill and elegant work of the kind in the
world. Only 25 cents for the year. Pub
q lished in English and German.
Address, JAMES VICK,
e Jan. i-ly. Rochester, N. Y.
Sof
SALL PAPERS QUOTE FROM IT!
THE
a Detroit Free Press.
a 'rThe liveliest of family newspapers, full
ichl of interesting news, literature, humorous
In- sketches, spicly Ipnaraaljh, etc. Sample
Copies free. Subscription $2 00 it year,
post-paid. Address
DETROIT FREE PRESS.
S Detroit. Mich.
NEW YORK TRIBUNE I
Tile Leading Ametican Newspaper.
TIHE BEST ADVERTISING MEDIIUM.
Daily, $10.019 a year; Semi-Weekly,
$3.00; Weekly, $2.00
POSTAGE FREE TO TIlE SITUBSCI
BElt.
Specimen copies and advertising rates
free. Weekly, in clubs of 30 or more,
only $1.00, postage paid. Address
TIlE TRIBUNE,
New York.
AIRTIIUR'S ILLUSTRATED
E.
L. HOME MAGAZINE
FOR 187t.
Brighlt, cheerfil, progressive, always up
to tie advancliti thought of the tinmes.
The thonie Mhagazine takes rank with the
leading and most intlltcntlial periodicals
of the day. It is oin the side of temper
ance anld true christian morality. What
ever is hurtifiil it conldemns without
tear or favor, and skces itself tielt in the
holnes of the people as a power for good.
The Great household Magazine of
Y. America, is more thoroughly identified
with the people in their hnma and so
ar cial life than any other periodical in the
t. country.
"ebonal .,,rman ; her work and her
reward." A new serial story by T. S.
r. Arthur will lie comnenced in January.
"FIFTY YEARS AGO; or the cabins
in of the West," by Iosella Rice. We an
of nounce this new series of articles with
of real pleaslre, knowing as we do th::t it
will be atmongthe most attractive that
we shall otti r our readers next year.
Miss Rice, he, ides holding the pen of a
ready writer. has in her possession a large
amount of original material frtom which
to draw, and a wide acquaintance with
people whose personal renminiscence are
ie rich with pioneer incidents andt eXptri
sl cuces.
- "Hllomes for the People," a series of ad
e muirably suggestive articles on homes and
i- how to umake thet pileasant and attrac
te tive, by Mrs. E. B. Dulliby
r- "The Story Teller." This department
r. will be unusually rich. lBesides an
to lthlnd:ale of short stories, two or three
d s:;rials will lie given during the year.
" L'ilpsissiwa'y" Potts the inimitable d4
ht hiaator of homea lift l and charaeter, will
y have anl article in every nulltber.
Blltterick's newest patterns for ladies'
and clhildrens' drecsscs are given by spe
t Lal ]rirangemnent every month.
The Motlhers' Departmeut will ie care
ftlly edited anud harve suggestive articles
froll our best awl most experienced wri
The IHousekeepers' Department will be
full iad practical, and contai:n ma:ny con.
P tributions from experienced housekeep
" 'The Lion in Love' and "The Interrup
Sted Reader," two large anld sldendid pre
uninilll engravings. Oue of these is sent
o free to every suLbscriber.
S 2 50 a year is the price of ARTHUR'S
SILLUSTRATED HOME MAGAZINE.
In clubs; 3 copies fir $6; 6 and ocu ex
tran to the getter up of the 'hub $19. 10
e ad one extra $20. -r 15 cents mnust
be added to each siubscription for pre
.payment of Ipostage for the year. Spe
cimen umabers 15 cenllts, in crllrenlcy or
n postage stamps.
e T. 8. ARTHUR & SON,
. Philadelphia, Pa.
k
WILLIAMS' MOWER A REAPER
i
SEMPLE, BIEGE & CO, f
13 South Maintreet, St. Louis.
anad lI.LI...t.t. inwhat Papey xeae athls,
EVERY FARMER HIS OWN MILLE.
8HELLER AND GRINDER
Feed, whether wetordry,.
Osage Corn and Cob Mills.
s r crW erutk rnd Prises sdes
SEMPLE, BIRGE & CO.
e alttlesto BiSllsare
1 Stout Madn.et, T. LOtim
P"lPlmas ment Itn laI at a per ye rs thL
THE DUBOIS PATENT
COTTON G.I ,.
SIlThe illht PCemtr m st tim 8tbte Fairs t
otn, Texas; Jakoson, II se, rsSelmp, Al
Pates ·amwdel thiS, prlege state iLwhat
~pe t t tcy read D v
3Suth 3R 1 FIl, ET. LOUI.
WilY YOU SIIOULD) TAKE
E THE CINCINNATI ENQUIIERi
It iS the, 'eople's lpaI,'r, devoted t
their initerests uand wVel!are.
It is tan ilplarti l fi ,ntld to all nlti ana
e.slllires tihat beneflit the coulitl, ,
It is the litenemy of all winl aluid ,
uIres that seek oily v ersolI1 gtin a tt
expense of the couliltrys welfare.
Its editoril coluinuls are flr the espe.
cial purpose of exposing the frauds. o
e govermlluient otlicials, tud laws eouehe
1il lIaUgl'age calculated to deceltit the il _
t deaslltdilng, :al iunake plain taj its rea4
ers the militives, causes and ellecta of
general anid special legislative acts.
Its news taolnlcuais contain the lateti
news alnd intelligence that inlli be obtaln.
ed fLroi tl the l quartc'rs of the globe
by titalus of the telhgraph, mails an
corresponildenice.
Its agricailtilral collultns are the best
adaplllled to the wallets of ftrlliers, allel
whuomi are invited to give their experi.
cille ald iºlsill l it of new idels and ex
periientls of all kindls of ilprovenit
ili calculated to advance the flulrlnig hi
'l terestls.
ali Onle issue of the Enqnirer contail
ri, illre solil i linformation ailld intelligenie
I lain an be had front lifty of the so eall.
ed literary plapers. Nonle ran lay aside
the Eillnirer withouit admtittiing a Iala.
alle addition to his or her stock ofkuowl
edge.
Its market reports have for years blee
acknowledlged as the mosnt colmplete a
, reliab'le pubillishedl, and of great valu.tt.
Stock ]),alers, I'roduIcers and Traldes.
n. men generally.
l, It has delal tlnents and reading fer;tle
old alti the youing. For the fanily cir
cle and the counting house--For the ler.
'I- chant andll mnechanic--lor the fanler and
stock dealer, and for hladlies and gentle
men of every Oalllinig andi station in life.
Its terms are low as aniy tirsatelas pay
per can be printed for, and the quality
land quantity of reading matter used not
excelled by any other lpa:lr.
Try it for this year. A Chronmo for
e-very 82.l)0 Subscriber. Send your sub.
scrilption direct to the otfice.
R. R. Re
RADWAY'S READY REULIEF
CURES THE WORST PAINS
l In from One to Twenty Minutes.
NOT ONE HOUR
1t alier radingthis advertisement nsan any a
Is S'FFER WITH PAIN.
R. BADWAYTS READY RELIEF IS A CURE LO
EVERY PAIN.
it waathe arstand Is
e The Only Pain Remedy
I. that instantly stops the most esrnelating ains, ll
ef Inilaismations, and case (Conaeions , Wia lng. ofte
Lugs, Solluach, owols, or other gladsaorrlns
a- IN FROM ONR TO TWENTY I.IIUTr
oe t matter how violent or exerueilain the lishe the
RHEUMATIC. Ied-ridden, Intirm, Itnpplet, orr,
Neurslglc, or proutrated with diseale may aslbr,
RADWAY'S READY RELIEF
WILL AFFORD IASSTANT ASE.
s INFAMMATION OF THE KIDNEYo .
INFI .ADIATION OP THR BLADDEL
i- INFLATRATLOX oF TIlE BOWELs.
t CONGESTION OF TIrl LUNJ
iO1 TEROAT, DIPFICUIT lRiATUI a.
it PALPITATION OF THU8 EAT.
Lt RIYTERICS, CRUU1, DIPHTERIA.
CATARIH, INILLiEL
I'. HEADACHE, TOOTHACIIE.
e iSURAIA A, BRHUIATISm
COLD CHIL.S, AGUE CIHILLS.
C Theapplicationofthe R eady Rileftotbmerse
b pah l ers their pai or datiully eaaswillaolersel
Sflwd Comfort.
Twenty dropslnhalfawtumbler of water willlinga
"+ momentecureCH RAMPS.SPASlta,soUlSTOiAei,
KBLARTiKURN, SICK HEADACHE, IIIARRiHUiA
DYKJSITIERY COLIC WIND N Tri BOl
nalil1 1TEtIIAL PAINS.
Travelers should always carry a aboattle fd.
Wy'e Readi Reileewitbthem. A w dropalai
Swater willpreven sickness or pains from change at
water. It ls bettcrbatha Frnch Iranly r itlms a
alaotant.
at iEVER AND AGiE.
S PFEVER ANDAGL'Euared forfity cents. Thm l
aesgaredialagentiiathiworld that will emesea
ad A qte. and all other MIal:riouq, BitoIa, bsau
hoitd. Yellow, and other Fewers1aeld b& RAl
S AY'SPILldlioquick asrADWA BSY'IIRI
IIP. Fiiy centaper"omL.
SHEALTHI BEAUTYII
gTROn'o A.l FUrlR RICH BLOOD-Imlo-W
(iF FFIRIll ANDi WRIGHI: T-T:IRAR SKIMIEau
IEAUTIFUL COMPLIIIUON IECUU) oED TUAl.
i
DR. RADWAY'8
S apatillin Indl snt
- THE COREAT BLOOD PlURIFIE.
,t HA3ADETiEMOST ASTONIINJcIT.UR¶:1
QUICY K,s) RAPID ARB Tie CHlANaillL TH
BOD Y UNDERIOOIB.UNDKR TH: INSIFlt.IRe
OA Tta TBILY WONDZBULMELD CInI .
verl fnlay u kinre i lt
alW ilit i Slena lHlel
r very drop of tUe ARSAPARILLAN IIA Io
.,forltear.hewalseusf the bldg wihbewel
uod mrlserial Scrofula, r npilsll l Cosesmp
ia arul diae. Ulcr In the hroat, lanout Ti
mao NadInntei Olasnd ontdhoseri PerLtee1
the worst forml of5n attaia ropeias, evrr
NorMe.scidlel, Ring Wsarmnmlt l ,tilupStSU,
AlnemBla Spots, Wlrina tlhe Flesh, Tumrsr. (a.
ceruintlae Womb, and sll wuaetilnE and iLfUI _l.
feloIs sII s1, Lon . ofrieirn anJi disWae ot
Illffeprliep Ie willailhe curtee raaegof cr
wonlerof oJl oieemIltry, mesA low d.ys' _me.
rorsiaomny spetroauldlttretr o l iasS
Iise nrse anol dllyW b ieceming relu, ,d.tbewlu
lddaompteiro ibnaeL c e onratellv, ipal¶ 5
eeotainarreultngtle lhae ll aseiihr
wtll new manerlthdeiarl fromthick Ud
the SARIAPARILLIAN wilud doaora5Cai5-4s1U
aihertalai; urlieshen oaie ile reamled con.m g Io
workefpurllction. asnd mnerieds. nd hliisMUs
klaof win ollnreslrswillbert, apid. ser
lbs feei s r sill melfyg lr os4an'
the fooddlgeslisgettutr, appeibe izttproal, 55,
lefwlehtih l eri plqI.
iaLaowll ldcra ii iinE. i RIoLTSI m ,
talonus Cnonliuiiml, ad Sin ; butltie
elh ypoilmv cur rl'
Ltduer e, Bladder Cromplalt
Urlnar l Wolb dseaaes,llors . lhavet, Da ..
ltopa ge of Water, ionplsence ft Uriie, itrigMS
eia, Ailbnentura, al in all csr where thlso eS
breltdueldeposlas or eureater is thiek, clodyU
with ouhseaneesR illete owblIolan eg, ort
wrlleilk, orthbrelaa morbid. rL. rblollota 5
Ime, and whie Dll4UpalsT, sad whtea.au
Tim War nes ad o oeffet peiW Oi l.
bwDR. RADWAYT'8
ei.iDatllVail
elaptlWaT, a Co.. N ..a 3Wa
La en t a Mwte s, L ned. .reku
IPBn P lls s tt inrsangmend r b the Idii
Ism romJIths ·bore nvmestdin lo the, Roti
ilir Bo. SObLD BY D tKUatlioT& _
pmeta BAD irA g & CO., No. 32 Wsms t, !
eu, istioat to thehaa