it atptt'~ iudicatar.Ag
Advertising Irates. of no cliqu;, or ring -ree tld (Uttpok.:.
- -- - - - - l n{ [ ' { 3u d th , e f r ie ni d , ,i t h e I h o r' .E ,
° . H, COSCROVe
square .. d 4 Bt i 1 co 215 00 20 00d Ed ito & TUpritr
2 dgaarea 00 to 01) ISi 01 ?q 00 41 r00
3 8quares... 1)01 11 n Iti5iUl
4 sqnare,.. 11-0,-o. , A o n o o .. 0 3 o -, lihe Every .\T RDAY -Mo-',:ii
4 sgnarea... 1700! .U 0,, 27 o(: 19 oo0 U/ 00. .. . . .... .. .... . . .
. . . . - . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 31 . . . . . . __t_ ... J,., , II f,, -
8 squnruar ... 4" 0:2 0" THE WELFARE OF THE PEOPLE IS THIE SUPREME LAW. (,2220, to,
7 squares...q o:t 2 - 7 00 :11 ; 0 ,0 1 5 01 , 1 0 00 -II- -,,_y ea . - - - - - - n ............ . . 1 ) 1
squareS... 3000 3 o 0 50 00 51)0 In0s0 (; ...c2-.... ....
qr s. 0 q 4, 0 , 61 ,,n ,-. Official Organ of the White Citizens of Red River, Sabine, Winn and Natchitoches Parishes. ., u.,,,.oi,,t, ,,, r ,e, ,,, ,a.
sqlt re s... no' go0 n0 00{ on 18°3 00.1150 on . . . . .......... ... . . . . mlontths.. All un .¢ri]p ion. |p'yaltle inl adv\anic'
..na...... 6........- - - - 2...--- . .. L--0. -- -- .. ... -- --.. All a, v - t is-t for, hI's time than i
,,,' 33,.",-,.. ., ,,i,, 5aw,, u,, VOL. NATCHITOCHES, LA., NOVEMBER 17, 1877. O., "" , ue p ,
pent insecrtion 75 conti per square. V L
BUSINESS DIRECTORY.
A K U [l - ' niil roet ries, (loiIner 2 a n tnd
nA t. D' i4 Strnty.
ItA I.E Ilt-Wood 11and BIlacksmithl Work.
. Church Street.
PE INI- t'he New Stand-Ieer (;ardens,
f. Fine Wine;. Liquorsnand Cigars. St.lDenis.
ALL.UIN--l-testauIrant, St Deni, Street.
,EX I, lEEE-- Notary l'ublic, St. Dents
h street.
EVERLY TUACKER-General ('olleeting
BAgent and Canvasser, St- Denis street.
B BnROOKSt-Gnns and Pis'tols sold, made and
* Repaired, St. Denis Street.
I LARD ) & CAMPBELL .Merchandis~and
I P'lantation Supplies. Front street.
l~ssINlT AM & (CIAPLIS'-At
t orneyat Law. Washington street. a
/1LEA, LEVY- Faily Grocerie and
G (eneral Merchandlze, Front street. pt
CASPARI & DFEITRICI-DryI) Goods, Gro.
ceries and (ieneral M[rchandize. Sole
Agents for Screw Bottom Shoes. Front street.
iORGE;A t tZIA-Fa.utlly Groceries, under
C"T Masconic Iodge, l", Stt','eet
G/ FO\TI'CI :1--1I.h:'s' l~otel-Favorite
G farmers1 and strangers' r,.-,rt. St. IDenis.
rl RHEN -Boot slid Shoes made and repair
Sedl, St DIeuts Street.
E1 ORG(E W. KEA RtNEY...Recorder and No.
l tary Pnblic. Court lion se, -d street. ci
01
EItY G;E NI S-('harter Oak Stoves and
,1 Tinware, IFront St reet.
H KAFFEEI-Dry Goods and Uroceries, Front
* street.
SIT('HIT 'ENSTEI N-General asortment
SDry ( Goods and Groceries, Front street.
TARRIS. IAFFA.--Dry Goods and Groceries,
I. Front street.
i PERCY-- Snrveyor, St. Denis street,
j S IMO1N-Dry Goods and Gi'roceries, Wash- .
*• Ington Street.
"j Af -S-Pl' Gioods and Groceries, below 11
1* the Dirt Bridge, Jefferson Street. &
JOlIN RU.SCA-Div Goqods and Groceries,
b low the Diirt bridge. Jefferson Street.
JNO.GENOI)E & C(O-Dry Goods and Groceries.
Washingtotrntreet.
TAS. GENIUS--Dlry Goods and Grocerie.s,cr -
Snr Jelferson andl Amulet Streets.
J W. SUDIIATIH-Thie Phoenix-Choice Li
i quors and Cigars, St. Donis Street.
JAS. M. B. TUCKER-Attorney at Law St.
tDenis Street. L
AJAS. KIN(-..Watchmaker and Jeweler, St.
' Denis street.
J DUNNCKLEMAN.--ILarness and Saddlery,
* Washington st ret.
J C. TICIIEL--G eneral Merchandi7e,Wash
* ington street.
J. DUCf'ASSE-General Assortment of Mer
* chandize, Washington slreet.
T H. ST'PFIRENS -Llmber Yard. intersection
"*, Front, Lafayette and Washington streets.
J J. MIlCO)K & 11RB).--(leneral Wholesale
Sanid Retail Dealer and sole A gent for Wag
ons, Washington street.
T A. DCOITRN.A U-'ancv and Staple+ I)ry
1 koods, Boots, Shoes, HIats and Clothing,
Front street
L CARTEL--'Th Gmnl Bar Roon, choice
JJWin es. LignIors anl Cigars, Front street.
LEVY& PIIILLIPS-Full stock Fancy and
Staple Dry Goods and (Grceries,Front at.
L. DUPLEIX-.-Lad Agent, S'. Denis street.
MORLSE & DItANGUIET--Attorneys at Law,
m 12dstreet, corner Trudau. _.
M. H. CARVER-Dry (Goods. Groceries and
M. __ ____ -
* General Merchandize, Front street.
O SHAFFRATHI-Boot and Shoe Maker,
O St. Dellis Street.
O CAPNIARTIN-Goneral assortment of
SGoods of all kinds, Jefferson st-eet.
P. VEULEMAN - Undertaker, Washington
P Street.
P OETE...Baker, Jefferson street.
'ýETITiTJEAN, LX1DWORTH & C()-Wood.
I work and Blacksmithing, Corner 3d and
Siblesy 8ts.
- VEULE AN---Family and tPlatation
A. Groceries, Washington street.
S . CALVES.-Dentlst, Jeferse& sareett
B . BURKE-Cheap Family and Westetrn
SGrocery Dealer, Frbonlt street.
C P. HUTSON--Livery, Sale and seed Statie,
AL. St. Denis dtreet.
S NELKINS- IDry Goods and Groceries, Jeff.
. erson Street, below Dirt bridge.
SC WINBARG-General Merchandise, Plan.
tation and Family Supplies, Front Street..
fll PONS--Dry Goods and GroteaOt, Wash
. ington street, _ _
T LACOSTE-Drugglst and bpothocary Front
. *street.
T HALLER-Buok's Brilliant Stoves and
* Tinware, Washingtol Street.
T BARNET-.-Dry Goods and Groeeries,Front
* street.
T TtZ.iN--illitard Room and Bar, Front
''SCl.ho.AN--Wholesale and Retail Mer
hbot-general assortment for the trade
 JACK...-Attorney at Law, Pd street,
s'aorner Trudan.
W m. JT-Boot and Shoe Maker, St. Deals
W POWELL-Physlealn and Snrgeon,
_t. Deals Street.
Professional Cards.
M. A. Diunn,
V'yacian and Surgeon
Montlomery, La.
lE. Jd. CUValVwIN'GR .7?1,
A41'fAYr AT LAW.
,4 Cuondet Street, NEW ORLEAeS, LA.
W ILL attend te J nd December terms
ot tthe DIea esomrts at his old home
Dmn. 'EE. *Taclk,
(neessoCr to JACK & P1ssaox)
Attorney and COotnelor at Late
NATCH'ITOCHES, LA.
W prsetle Ia the Courts of atchitoches.
Sibe, DeSoto, Red River, Widn, lapies,
r- t, l4 In the Supreme Court of the
1r u l#O"rmtly attended to.
. m 3. Levyi
7ATORNEY AT LAW.
S as. autuJee the Practiee of his Profession.)
S eWetice I"i the Parish- and District
rts of Natchitocles and Red River
SLousiana, Uited States Di.
arCourt of Louailana and U. S.
Oaxa at Washington.
SOdes in the Lacoete Building (Up
:t •u TCHIITOCIIES, LA.
ras Ign,
MORSE & DRANGUE''T,
A TTORNEYS AND COUNSELORS AT
LA J1.
Office on Second Street,
NATCHITOCIIES, LA.
May 26 1`77.
('. Chaplin J. TI. Cunningham. T. P. "haplin.
CHAPLIN, CUNNINGHAM & CHAPLIN
Attorneys amnd Counselors at Law.
St. Denis St., Natcliitoches, La.
-TIJL practice in the courts ot Rap
11 ,hes, Grant, Winn, Sabine, DeSoto,
Red Rlver and Natchitoches, and the
Sunpreme Court of the State.
Claiips Plromptly atteltded to in any
part of the Union. March 25--1y
Jon.V . . i.obIO RTSO.,
(Late of New Orleans,)
ATTORNEY & COUN8~LOR AT LAW
('OUSHATTA,
RED RIER I'ARISII, LOUISIANA.
Will practice in Coushatta, Natchito
ches, Malntield, Many, and in every part
of North-west Louisiana. Special atleii
tion given to Land cases and SurIccaioil.
June 9th, 1~77-tf.
Dr. W. B. PorweJ
MEDICINE and SURGERY:
OFFICE on ST. DENIS STREET,
NATCHITOCIIES, LA.
Calls to the Country promptly at
tended to.
Refers to Drs. F. ,ohnfon. .. J. Stephens, C.
Hllamlin and G. E. Gillespie. Messrs. Bullard
& Ca'mpbell, Carver & Taylor, Trichel & Airey
and Col. It. E. Burke
April .-ty
Business Cards. F
C. A. BULLARD- N. II. CAMPBELL
Bullard & Campbell,
-DEALERS IN
DRY GOODS,
GCOCERIES,
HARDWARE,
And General Merchandise. th
C6rner FROST & LAFAYETTE Street, wi
Natchitoches, La. loi
[IG]flEST cash price paid for cotton and TI
Ll conntry produce in cash or merchandise.
March 25-ly.
Peter TVe-u.lena1, co
-DEALER IN
FAMIL Y GROCERIES
A full a:ssortment of WV.t.r,-P. rER con
stantly on hand.
Snectal inducements to CsIt Customers.
WASHINGTON STREET, B
Natchitoches, La. L
---'------------------""----------
1. C., "Tricohel,
--DEAt.ER IN
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, HARD- 1
WARE, BOOTS and SHOES, iiATS,
f ETC.
Highest cash price paid for Cotton and
Country Produce. n
WVASHING' ON, ST.,
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
R. E. B133UX3.,
-dealer in
} FRONT STREET, Natchitoches, Ll.
C. L. WALMSLKY. it. It, WALMSLET C
C. L. WALMSLEY & CO,
COTTON FACTORS
-AND
SENERAL COMMISSION MERCHANTS.
Perdido St., New Orleats) Lab
at March 25--1y.
Od Ooar Chophpin;
ot COTTON FACTOR
-AND-
COMMISSION MERCHANT,
No. 65 CARONDELET ST.,
- July I -lv New Orleans.
i s F. .a·r anell,
(J-AME3 A. GRESHAM. Manager)
30...... CAMP STREET......30
NEW ORLEANS, LA.
PRINTES, BOOKSELLERS
-AND
n STATIONERS'
And publishers of the
z, LOUISIANA ANNUAL REPORTS
VOLS. 28 & 29.
All kind of LAW, MEDICAL and SCHOOL
iA. Books sent by mail.
as Address as above,
no Lock box 847, New Orleians.
T. 8S FOSTER JR.,
WITH
ORR & LINDSEY,
--MtANUFACTURES AND JOBBBERS
BOOTS ard SHOSS
ST. LOUtIS, MO,
July 14-6m.
I.D. WORRALL;
WITH
i met
4 SIMMONS' HARDWARE CO.,,
-IMPORTERS OF
Up BJRDWRE J CITTLI~
ST. LOUIS, MO.
Jblj 14-6m.
L. C.ASPAI.I. M. 1) IETIICII.
Caspari & Dietrieh,
(Laeoste Building) cll
toll
FRONT St., NATCIIITOCIIES, La. uri
of I
GRAND opening of a NEW MAMMIOTIt
FALL AND WINTER STOCK,
direct from the NeWv Orleans and Easter mar.
kets, consisting in'part of am
DRY GOODS, Ky
CLOTHING,
IIHATSi o
BOOTS,
sill
SHOES, mi
GROCERIES,
CROCKERY, ch
HARD- pIil
WARE, &c, &c. tin
LADIES AND GENTS' 11
sei
FURNISHING GOODS. to
In fact, Wi
eb
A full line ofGdODS for the country trade
All of which they are selling at less than NEW
ORLEANS PRICES
FOR CASH. IT
Call and examine the largest and most con
pletestdck ever brought to this ntarket and
satisfy yourselves as to their prices. li
". Highest price paid for Cotton and couln
try produce, in cash or merchandise. al
March 3-ly. wi
M. H. CARVER.
FRONT StifETi, lot
\atchitoches, La. fog
-en
For the FALL and WIN
pl
TER Trade:.
NEWV GO(O)S !
th
New Goods ! !f
THE entire stock is better and more sc
select than any every introduced into m1:
this market, and having been piurciha'd At
with CASH, can be sold lower than the In
lowest. A
The Motto of the Firm is to sell foi
CHEAPER TtIAIN TIIE CHEAPEST. ra
an
tt Call and examine our stock, which
consists in part of
CASSIMERES, 1(
JEANS,
TIVEEbS,
tit
KERSEYS, in
PRINTS,
BROWN & BLEACHED COTT'ONS,
LOWLLS
LADLES' DRESS GOODS,
TRIMMINGS,
BLANKETS, fb
Woolen Goads of all kinds. h
BOOTS,
01
SHOES, st
LADIES' and GENT'S. HATS
l Clothing, a full and Complete Assort
ment. ti
Crockery, Hollow & Wil- S
low Ware. In
A full line of FANCY and FAMIL'
GROCERIES, WINES, LIQUORS. &C. .
Books, Statitinery, &c., &c.
In fact
- A FRESII and select stock df goods always
; on hand, whibh noving been purchased on
a cash basis enables us to offer extra indhce.
ments to cash buyers.
Highest Cash price liald for cotton and other i
produce, and liberal add-anbes made in cash
merchanlditoa on consignment
ocMarch O-1yv.
MC1rs. O. PEiiR.Y,
Former Proprietress of No. 7 I
- Carodelet Street
NEW ORLEANS, LA.
HAS removed to No. 4 Baronne Street,
Corner Canal. Being very thank
ful for pat favors bestowetl by her
country friends, and especially those of
i the Red River parishes, she now solicits
a continuance of their patronage, and
having better facilities and the finest
located house in the City, she hopes by
proper care and attention to sehbie the
- patronage of her friends and the public.
The low rate of $1.50 per day is charg
ed for Board and Lodging.
O .&I ENL lr'emoee
NOTARY PUBLIC,
(Office under Vindicator Office,)
ST. DENIS STREET,
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
AS pril29.
O. lairtr ath,
O Boot and Shoe Maker.
IHALLENGES the world for neatness
and durability of work. Matisfacti -
and material guaranteed
Shoe mn St. Denis St.
JOSEPH C KEYSER,
Brlckmaker and Layer.
I S PREPARED to do all work entruasted
Sto him qutickly and in a workmanlike
manner. Tomb, Chimneys, Cisterns and
other work solicited.
Orders left at BULLARD & CAMP
BELL'S will be promptly attended to.
Jan. 27, lv.
PASTUtRE TO RENT.
A LARGE Bermuda Pasture will be
rented to stock drivers cheap.
Apply to H. P. ANTILLEY,
At the Debleinx place, opposite town.
Oct. 20-m.
F'ROM EVERYWlIERE. an,
the
General NeS. is
Ex-Treasurer Ca;rdoza, one of the Iadi- sall
cal pets of Soot Ii Carolina, was tried. andl e
found guilty, for robbing the State Trea- sur
ury. a l
Ion PDan. Voorhies, the tall Sycamore
of the Wabash, has been appointed Sena- 've
jori fronm Inliaina vice Morton dlead. Mr
Voorhies is a dyed in the wool democralit.
Ten Brocck will not run again in the Th
East. Mr. Harper will however match in
him against any horse living, for any lie
anionnt of mloney and any distance if tlhe 1'n
race occurs art Lexiiegton or Louisville to
Ky, bon
John Broughamn, the ,i'tor, is danger-
ounsly ill at Cleveland Ohio. pr(
me
(Gov. Vance, of North,Carolina, has is- of
sued a general order conpllinienting the
miilitia of North Carolilna upon their good ii
appearance at the State fair. alnd saying:
"Sullch an exhibition the Conliliander in- ill
chief believes, cannot fail to iecei\i a
proper military spirit among the young to
men of the State, and induce the early gi
formation and equiptme;t of a sufficient Ito
numnber of the guard to make every citi- ti
.en feel that thlie exeentive \\ill lie alde
to preserve order and enforce the laws el
without the ltecessity of calling for aid "
elsewhere."
Pei'tbina. D. T., Nov. 1.-Sitting Bull's in
band is still eneamiplled at W'ood Moon- cot
tain, where they will remain all winter. on.
'lThe statemenlet that they broke campl to at
attend the coinission is incorrect. Ca- eel
l!adlian official advi-es state that Sitting lat
lBull iiet the conlmissionlers merely to ol,- lop
lige the Canadian government, and ar- If
rangeinents have been made betweeon hill tel
and Col. McLeod that the neamlnlment he
will not be removed, this winter. to
tig
Next spring Sitting Bull and fol'owers i
will be assigned a reservai ton le oil d ll l i
)eer river, near Sa;nd Hills, latitude 0l, of
lon gitnde 111, Greenwich. As the Black- tio
foot title thas been extinguished no tdifti- till
culty with the other Iulindis is apprehe- ti
deid. Sitting Bull himself has imade lP - n
plication for the localit$y namnlel,as it is i,
in the lHeart river region. otl
No less than tifty members of the South
Carolina Legislature have testified etfore fai
the Investigating Conunittee that they p,,
were blribed by Patterson to vote for him of
for the United States Senate. A sweet- cih
scenited individual lie, to preside as chair- pr
man of the Committees oi Territories! ott
Au upright statesmailn hte, to serve tas a col
I ienmbh of the Commnittee on Commerce! ht
A nice (lduck he, for the Comiittee on all
Education and Labor! Att illustrious re
formner, moreover, to assist in tltih delilbe- f;,
rations of the Coinnittee on Civil Service i
and Retrenclhment ! Yet these are the Ui
positions which this notorionl corrup
tioiiist occupies by the grace of the Pres- tri
ident of the Senate. on
Senator Morton's funeral was attended G(
by a large concourse of lipeople. Delega- Cy
tions front both Itouses of Congress were gr
in the line of mourners.
The cigar makers strike still t-intinues at
in New York. t
'the strike trials continue in Pittshnrg. kl
One person has been convicted and one i,
atilluitted. lii
Detroit, Mich. Nov. 2.-The heavy rain hi
fbr the last three days cnlminated in a "
hurricane. Dispatches from Lake Erie, th
Michigan and Ontario show that the da- th
mages to the shil)pping have been inter- ti
ons and severe. Thimrsday night the ra
steam barge Young Hickory sprung a
leak and sunk off of Bar Point, near the
mouth of Detroit River. The engineer, i'
Wmi McAlpin, was drowned. The rest of at
the crew was saved by schooner Portert C
Schooner Helen, VNew Hampshire and S
Starlight were beac:,ed near Leamington n
Ont. Schooner John C. Woodruff went tt
ashore last night on the reef near Kings- e
ston. The scow Flora was beacheld niear it
theGrand Haven. The schooner City f tl
'ITawas was beached near St, Joseph last
Monday night, and is a total losh. Thie 11
schooner Colonel Hagune of Chicago, went tl
ashore on the beach last night. Tihe
steam barge .-wallow went ashore near
Port Stanley, and all the crew ou [board
were lust. r
San Francisco, Cal., Nov. 3.-By the ar
rival of the schoouer Lee, from Alaska, it t
i is learned that the recently reported kil- t
h ling of some fifteen Indians lit Cape 9
Prince Wales was by the crew of tbhe c
Honolulu whaling brig. The natives
boarded the vessel and demtanded lquor,
and on a refusal attacked the crew, who c
s obtained arms from the cabin and beat
7 off the assailants c
Major Marcus A. Ieno, of the Seventh
Cavalry Who was so severely punished by
Cottrt-martial last spring, is in Washing
ton, seeking to obtain mitigation, of t '
the rest of his sentence.
f New Haven, Conn. Nov. 9.-Ex-Sena
ts tor LymanI J. Trumblli, of Illinois, was
id married on Saturday afternoon, at Old
at Saybrook, to Miss Mary J. Ingraham, el
Sy dest daunghter of the late Captain ,Janies 1
le Ingrahan, of Old Saybrook; The briace
c. and groom are cousins.
g- Troy, N. Y. Nov. 3.--The wife of Ste
phen May, of Mechaniesville stole out of
the house while her husband was asleep,
andti taking with her fomr of the children,
aged nicne. six, fontur andi one and a half
years, threw thlcni into the deep and
swift-running creek in tihe rear of the
premises and jumped in herself. The el
dest chilhl managed to reach the shore
and gave the alarnm, and the mother and
one child were rescued. The bodies of
the two others were found an hour after
wards.
- A slighllt shock of earthquake was felt
at the following places on the night of
the 4th inst i Springtfield, Mass. Mon
treal, Canada; Glen's Falls, N. Y.; Boston,
Mass; and HLrtfbrd, Ct. At Montpellier,
!e Vt., people were rudely awakened by se
. v veral siuccessive shocks, lasting some titf
teen minutes. At Noithamnpton, Mass.,
glass was broken, hoise flrniture shaken
up itLa the people awakened. Ii
S The grand jury at Pottland, Oregon,
have found indictments against thirty
two Nes I'erces indtana, for the nmurder
of white citizens in the recent war. As
the indicted savages are to be tried by an
Oregon jury, they will have small chance
ed of escaping. A good many of these, per
ke haps all, will be fonnd guilty and hang
nd ed. But did anybody ever hear of a
white person being indicted, found gnuil
P- ty and hanged for the murder of Indians f
Washington, D. C.
S Washington, Nov. 4. -Mr. H. Casey
Young, of the tenth Tennesse district;
will to-morrow introduce in the House a
bill aomprehending the reclamation of
be the waste and otsifsictd, lands of the
Missiseippi valley. The bill iprovides for
the issue of bonds. guaranteed by the U.
8, to the amount of $45,000,000, and ct
ates a leve district, embracing the States
ndijaeitiUt to the Mis5iMssipld river, front picl
the Missouri to the niuth A lvee bIoard isli
is created of~.ive inenmbers, compolsed of iel
three arlny otlicers and two eivillians, the tld
salaries of the lat'ter to he aittlO a year will
each. The hoard iS retjliired to mak e I hvi
survey of the riwve and report to Cong 'es'
a dplan fir the reclai:ation of all overflow
ed lands and those now lprotected by le
vees. and the mleanllS of such l'e'hlation
by levees, (let-o0ts and outlets. 'rh' it
whole cost is not to excied tlhe alu it io it
of the .:llthorized hoands- 54 .17.:O,110O.- l
The States in which the lands lie are to A
imlose a direct tax n.l the laindls to lbe th1
eInefitted, the tax to lie collecte'd by the of t
Inited Stat(e= g\'overnment n;ld d'\evoted t t
to the paymelnt of the interest on the it is
bllnds, and the creation of a sinking fund on
foitr' their filal paymelnt. The hill also thel
provides for a tmnnage tax on tlhe coin- puo
meree of the river to assist tile payment Ma31
of the expense of the work. (on
Members of the Senate Counllittee on(i
Privileges aid Elections express the opin
ion that the I'sult of their co.nsultationsuli 1
in regard to the Louisioau, matter will heIt
too decide by a party vote that, if the Le- tras
gisl:atre it hich elh ited ex Gov. Kellogg '1'
had a quorum of Rcturninug lrd me.n 1:1
Ihers at the time he was c'hosen, he is n- trur
titled to his seat, no matter what the cir- Irin
clnistalices of the Subsequent dishonbing cr
of that Legislature were. The conclu ish
Sion that Io vacanc'y existed for IJudge ties
Spol't'rd to ill fullowns frml thils position. li tl
in regard to Judget Spiiflrd's case,, the the
connitteer will prolably hiold that lhe dc
only stalning he can obtain in the An que
ate is hby Iprodmning lroul that in issuing
certilicates to the embersllll'S f th' Legis
iat re whiculh elected ex Governor Kel
logg, the Statei ollicers acted coriuptly.
If hi' clhooses to ai:ert this, andl to at
te!nllt to prove it, the indicntions are that ,
he will ihe allowed to call witnesses andl dill
to have that branch of the sulje''t iuves
tigated It isl probable that the colmitter i
will decide that it is not called on to ex- enr
anline into the matteraf tiheorganiizat ion 9
of the Niholls ? Legislature  as the i'us- in I
tioll of giving .iuldge Spotford the seat, in aWl
tile opi:lion of thie conmllittee, turns upon 'j
the question explained alIove, alnd which dt
antcedntes the Ni(cholls Legislature. This li,
ilquiry will be likely to he made by tn -
other coull itteC. hlii
Thfle House Conmmittee on Foreign Af- '
fairs Itlade two otticial visits one to tthe ra
President and the other to the Secretary
of State. (overnor Swann after introdu
cing the memnbers of the commiittee to
President Hlay, s, alluded to the troubles eei
on the Mexicaii border, and said thlat the he
colmmittee is Composed not of fighting fee
but of letermtned men, anld believes that ed
all the outrages alleged to have been com- Th
initted by the Mexicans are specific in wo
foirmn. and that war can easily be avoided det
without compromnising tile digniiy of thll
iUnited States. The President aivoidedl
saying anything which might be cons- eat
trued as an open avoa::l f sentillmets del
one way or anothler, but he agreed with
Governor Swann that a pacificatory poli- a I'
cy should be pursued rather than an ag qu
gre~ssive one. De
In the' fight that is to bmae nale by Sen
ator Conkling and his friends upon cer
tain obljectionable appointmnents of the col
President it is a matter of inte'est to
know what will he tile position assunied
by the Democratic Senators. A leading in
Slnemocratic Senator said to-day that, in t111
his olpinion, the action of his colleagues ph
would le largely determined by that of fil
the Republicans in the considerution of
the cases of Eustis and Spufford. Shiolld
the lepublicanis desire to throw unwar
rantable ob-tacles in the way of the dis
posal of these cases, then tile Democratic tel
Bienators propose to colnfiirm tIlose oejiec- trC:
tiloable appointments. feieling that there
are enough Senators alnimg the Republi- Ti
cans who would unite with thenm to beat
Senator Conkling. The Pemocrats do
not fe.l specially interested in the fight t
among the Repuiblicans upou the subject o0
of these aploil.ments, except in so far as A
it can be used as a mleans to strengthenI bi
thelnselscves. th
The bill remonitizinug silver passed the
Hlouse by a large majority. It is thought er
the Senate will also pass it. U
The army bill is undler discussion, altso
the bill to repeal the date fixed for epecie
resumption.
Senate engagedi in confirming Presiden- Cl
Stial appointnients. John Welsh, Minister
to Enlglaul and othelrs confirmned on the
O9th. No action as yet in the Lonisian:a P
cases.
Washington, Nov. 9.-Mr. Ellis succeed- h
ed to-day inll having Secretary McCreery
order .lajor Benyaourd, of thile engineer ti
corps, to rJnmove the raft in Red river
above Shreveport, and to keep the river
Sopen. 0
Secretary Thompson will to-day order, fi
I at the solicitation of COlgressInan Ellis, R
a governmnlnt vessel to lie placed at the I
disposal of the city or New Orleans for
- the improvement of the harbor there.
Elections c
- New York has gone delnocratic by a
Smajority of over 150001. The State Sen
o ate republican nmaljority 2; House dcln-it
eratic mlajolrity 8,
- Pennsylvania the democratic majority
)f is sweeping they carry the State by 20 to
p, 25 thonsand majority. A gain of over 40
, thousand votes,.
d Massachusetts is republican by a plu
i rality of ablout 12 thonsand
M- innessota is republican and also Kan
re sasi
of Maryland, Virgiiuia and Mississippi de
r- mocratic by large majorities.
Thle independents in Mississippi weire
it worse beaten than the republicans were
of last year.
n, New Jersey is democratic by 15000 ma
r, jority; McClellah elected Governor and
e- both Houses strongly deiaobratic.
Wisconsin is claimed by both parties.
Democratic likel:.
Result.
n, The democrats carry tcew York, New
y- Jersey, Pennsylvani ', Maryland, Virginia
er and Mississippli; the republicans Minne
As sota. Kansas and Massachusetts, with
an Wisconsin in doubt.
.r Summed up it is a heavy atnd telling
g. victory for the ,emocratic party, and ,is
a the death knell to the republicaus.
il-New Orleatns.
New Orleans, Nov. 9.-Crop repirt iot
October: We have 64 replies from 31 pa
ey risheg. Average dates 31st October;
ct; character of weather universally bad, in
a fact the most nnfavorable season fbr ga
of thering crops ever known. Some report
;he light frosts with no damage, while the
for majority state that great damtage has
U. been done by incessant rains and Wvinds,
i'- Causing cotton to rot in the fields. Aver.
tes I age of crp pIi'kYd about11 GO per cent and
pickinig wit h a ftiw exceptions will be fin -
islhed hIlumt h It 15th l)ecenilher. The t
ield conlp:ired with Ilast year is estima- fi
ted to he 27 lper cenit decrease', iut iuclh ee
will dcpecld on the chairan.ter of the w:n- .ha
tellr.
Cig,:l r iikels oil :1t strike, nluIIberi ng dIo
aho)( t 14111, held . mecting last night, p.ls- is
std resohI tio s dle lln: ldillg 1n ill 'lei;IS of the
$2 toll per 11,((, and appointed a com.
Ilit t(e of ",) tI olrga: liz; Ia l inlduce work
m nll tojoil ini the strike.
sill
A ientle ien tl residnii in Ite Sixth his the
litrit lleid utpo ln the I3lly r to complain t r
of the ipp iaril(e f:it n iicrei.e.1d lnuII eii io
it is tiared, may imnuail dlpredatioun up- the
oni prPel"ly t lt 'ing ( til a lsence from l
their homles of the male portion of thei loot
Ipo"i latio, u otf tohe districts inellst:dt . T'lIe W
'llal', alr tl l n t t time that I le was l
o mn.plld to ac tl knowhl the ine llicien- til)l
cy of the vagrant laws, promised that the to
II lhe I',uhl l , speci' lll instructed to.l
use :it the vigilalne th( u rey Care lalle of
to prevlnt evil doing on the part of the
t raloups. to
The eerl ry ot'Statt, makes t;com pl ,int o
thait in vendtin l tt the exe tive t otflice alo
transcripts upon which requisitiolns for I til
crimina ls are to be issued, as iwell as oth
1r( dtol11net, aoime of ther chlits of par- pre
ish or district coi'ts permit their ,!eln- 1
ties to sign stlh Icleln lents, which oc ra- ri
sigois del a in e ail. every instance. ias
rthi( is lo record in any of flhe State o rti
cis to show who the dcluties are, l onse- ll as
qUently the dociients :Ire sent back. ot
STATE NEWS. sl
C'ream of the ('ountry Press.
At about 11 o'clock Tuesday i ight a
lillin y tooik plale atil llothe Mil nl as
lintationl between Toti Jigeri theii o
elngineer, od anlego lnamed Ilarrls
son lllllmiltll , which l inally Iresult edll
ili the negro seizing a Iillet of wood, lio
and crushing the engineer' skull. a(
The iegro, after commlnlitting the
deed, fled to the swamtlpsi thus ma lt
king hisescap. . The wolutnded man
lingered until yesterday lmorning,
\when lie expired. coi
Tile facts as otailned by a Demlo
crat 'reporter, are as follows: rail
The deceased ordered the accused age
to do certain work, which lie declin- an(
edl dtloiing. This iused words to pass in
bletween the two, and the engineer, fo
feeling insulted at some remalk pass
ed by the negi, made a pluss at him. tio
The negro then seized a stick of cord tii
wood that was near at hand, and
dealt his antagonist two blows over Ati
the head. which brought him to the
earth, and which finally produced his
death. el
Thle corlier of J efferson plarish held sl
a post mlorteml and continued the in- an
quest until a future day.-[N. O. fli
Democrat. is
pce
Cadda Parish has levIcied a lieens t
tax on all pei-sons wvho ileal in seed
cotton. 500) per annuml is the charge. t
From thliree to tlive per cent al month no
income for money on goold papetre ,ire
the ruling rates here. There is no aT
place in the oiiion that offers such a g
fine ticld for the profitable use f mo
ney he Sh revellort. The article is al- kn
most going begging in New York. co
Wh at has brcoitd of that yankee en- tel
terprise and shrewdness we used to ,i
read about in the school books ?
River rising rapidly.- [Shreveport pr
Times. TI
t A verys sad occurrence happened in g
this town on last Sunday. Two of th
t our young friends, Louis Barbin and
ebat, both armed with pistols, and in n
the encoint er the lattep r I st his life.
SYoung Mesrie k fired Iis pistol ser
t eral tile witioute ffcct. Mr. Bar
butls pistol snapped several times pl
but at the first explosion of tile wea.t
apon young Messick was shot hull in n
ethe face and expired in a few nlo- B
ments. We deeply negret the sad oc- et
CUr'renCe. t
Plaunters all over the parishl com- pt
plain that the very bad weather 8
whichl we hIave Inad for the past two i
weeks is dnamaging whiat cotton they I
1- have remaiuiing in the tields, and the 10
Spotato crop is on the eve of being to t
Stally lost;- [Marksville Bulletin. o
r Weather anld traps.-1Rain ! rain !Ii
Our tields are flooded, the canes tre a
r, full of sapi and iii nlany pinces are
q Rproutig. The rollingis put back at
te least two weeks, manty litieirs who
or intended to comiiletiCe grinding this b
week are conmpelled to wait until a 1
change from wllrlt to cool aind fromn p
wet to dry takes place. Cotton is d
also injured toa great extent, umanly
bolls falling and of those open, the 1
staple is eitlher thrown down or spoil. v
ed for market.--[Courier of the Teche (
to From thle statement we publishli it
40 will be seen that the assessment of
this parish for thlis year is $900,290
In This is an increase over last year's as I
sessment of over one hunndlred thou
sand dollars. Even this increased as
1f- sessment is entirely too small, and
does not ready represent tihe value
le- of property anid Investments in this
parish. This, hlowever, is thlie fault
re individuals rather thanl officials. T'fax
re payers lhave a weakness for swearing
to a cheap valiation of property
when it is being assessed.
- Thlie weathler has been warm and
nrainy for sotme time. So much damp
ness has been cause of much damage.
es. Mr. Tom Tigner informs us that in
an experience of itany yeats lie has
neverbefote known coitton to sprout
in the boll. This nhas beeri notidced in
many cases. Tite cotton crop this
Syear seems to have been persecuted
eith Continually.--Claiborh e Guardiai.
Our neighlbor of the Viadicator sup
ug posed to be at Natchitoclhes but by
is some necounts ubiquitous pays us a
compliment by saying, Lthaat we with
Ihimself was onbe of the Pioneers for a
State Constitutional Convention,"
fIt and tnight hlave added, tlhat we done
pa mtore to pitt prominent mei in the
Sor; positiois whichll they otecIpy to-day,
,in abd received fewer botiplimnents and
ga- less solid comfort than ony patties in
it tte State.--[Mansfield Reporter.
has Let virtue be its own reward friend
nls, Potts. Our tuin will come after a
atd time.
Worikmen have boen iusy durinh;
the present week repair iig oun par
ish jail. The old contraption ha-,
bien considelred insecure for molre
than tw\o years, and has been twice
repor ted so by the (lanlld Jury, but
now Shleitt' we'ster says the building
is as safe as Ihe could make it with
the means at his command.
Another week of valuable tinme lost
to the cotton planters. (nly one day
sin ce our last have pickers been ii
the tield, the weather being so unfa:
eroable. The wind and rain 4,f Moit
d(aylevening played had lhaiti wit!,
thlie cotton that lhad not, et been
"gone over," and thant part of tihe crop
looks but very littleflheltce tlhnithalt
where the pickers have been. Sure
ly our farmiers are having a hardI
time of it this year-everything seems
to have been against them-.-d'roith,
woriis and rain.--[Coushatta Citizen.
We were pleased to Imeet inn our
town this week i)r. J. A. Derbanne,
of Washington, who has been absent
fti'mi the parish for a couple of
months. The Doctor appears to be
cnjoying excellent health, and is now
prepared to attend to all dental Itisi
Ines that mnay e entrusted to him.
I Opelousas Counicr.
We have been having diring the
past few weeks, with short intermis
sions of sunslhine and cloudless skies,
just the kind of wiieatlher to mnako
falniers feel Nhad and wish they hIad
their cotton gathered before this spell
of juicy weather.
The jury that convicted Pill Tlhom
as for Stcaling Mr. James GallaghIer'id
hog, has rid the parish of a noted
thief and troublesome negro.
A heavy rai coiiimenceul falling
Monday evening about five o'clock,
and continued tintil Tuesday morn
ing.
A great deal of the tinto of our Dis
trict Court has been taken up in try
ing petty critninal eases-hog and
corn stealing.-Morehouse Clarion.
Again the t hole of last week the
rains have continuc-d, and the danm
age done the cotton is really awful,
and we feel sure that the crop musl;
in consequence, fall shiort fully one
fourthl by these rains alone. And this
badnda long spell, with the excep
tion of a few slhott hiours, has been
unusually warm for the season, thus
retarding thlie i ipening of the cane.
Alexandria Democrat.
Tuesday night it came on to rain
very ihard, Cotitinued cloudy and
showery the remainder of the week,
and at this time (Friday morning) a
fine mist is falling anid the atmosphere
is chilly, quite a change in the tem
perature having taken place during
the night;
On Thursday morning, Mr. Win.
Stewart, lesiding about two miles
north of Rayville, while feeding his
gin, had occasion to raise the breast,
and having only one hand to work
with (being a one-armed maln), he
attempl)ted to hold it up with his
knee, thereby bringing his leg in
contact with the saws) which lastera
ted it terribly. Dr. D. R. Pettit, who
dressed the wound, infotmes us that,
though a very severe wound; with
proper care tile limb can be saved.
The leg Was cut to tile bone by two
gashes below the knee, and also ott
tihe knee cap.-Richland Beacon.
ATTEtMPTED JAIL, I)ELIVERYI.-t0li
Monday hiAt tihe pirisoners, six ill
iuniber, who are now confined in out.
pariishl jail, attempted to break out:
'They took a wire hucket handle and
ulnclhed out a yard or so of brick,
ald wnoultl have been gone in tor
minutes longer, ihad not Albert
Brown. one of the prisoners, conclud
ed to put a stop to the busitiess. He
statiotied himself at the hole and
- fprevented the othiers from escaping;
r Brown is clharged with murder, but
She evidently tliiy tinks he has a good
F tase, or hlie would haiti tiloved hiia
a lodging llhen ie halnd an opportunity
to do so. The jail must be a good
one (to get but of) whlien a prisonler
clil punchl it down with a wire. It
0unly cost tihe parislh eighlt tlhousand
Sand five huiidred dollarh in cash.--
e Desoto Djemotrat:
o It is reported that twd pa'ties one
s lhy tihe nnone of Wilson and one
\a Whelei were arrested near Logans
n port. Both were charged witlh niur
is der in Texas. This makes four pier
y sons extradited firom this iparishl td
e Texas by the ollileer's of tlhat s)tate,
1 without allny leaquisition tihm tihe
ue Goveinor inli the last half year, ;:id
it all chlnarged with murder or murders:
y We believe this is as it should be;
Sbut 'tls a great bieaking down of the
. principles of Statts rtights and Stati
. sovereiguty. Courtesies should ex
ist between ilndepenldent sovereign
l ties, hnt crinlinals ~hlnouhli not be al
lowed to escape, by tlhe diplonmatic
circumlocution of rnd tape. lBiiiniesl
lis said to be biusinesii, liand lparties it
x tempting to evade justice and tihe
operationls of the law will find this
ty plarishli too near the Texas line to stoli
in. Go East, and as fat as you cant
ad get, all ye escaping covites. Asiatid
Tartar is said to containl teiritort
e enolnigh for all of youl and congenial
Ssociety.-Manslield Reporter.
Ias
ut i"We said at the start tlhat the Rus
in sian war was going to be so fluectua
his ting tliit no fellow rditld tell whichli
ed side to lt hiss sytipathics twine.---N.
Y. Nation.
by Ten years firon now stealing will
sa have becomie a tlhing of tihe past.
id There will be nothing left to steal.
i. a St. Louis Globe Democrat.
n,"
Ine It requires several days' piractice for
the thle sbloolboy to bhecoine as proficient
an, in the use ot the pIaper-Paid as lie
wtd was at the close of last session.
nd "Tlhere is one good thiing abouti,
Satan."' remarked a Detroiter t.h.
rta other day. "lie never weighs ithe dri
ver as he sends out Ilis ,coah"