Ad ,erti. n nit -nn U n m m un m ann m a U n m m n an m m nn um m an n i il I Ipi I I
--..__ _ g , .,Democratic paper. ~he tool
x eqnar.s.. * " I, ni 1-o , A n; -,,
3 " { h r *" - - " 3 , , ,, 4 , , T lla r .Iu, . * 1 3 ll I l0 1 T l I IIL I , tTiptUP? ItLr .
` quar ,. t, l;4 a I I ll ijo (.,I a'., Iii if, (Morning
ý". Rae .
I O hq t ta r e .u 3 o - N l ' " e
_ r i __ 11 1Official
arnaýN. :ºIIý: Ily6 11 51 10,IT'IE11'f WELFAR OFl U1 TIHE PEOPLE18 [tTH`II' SUPREME LAW. nae...se
oI n''- th e, .o ', ' ,....
0 square. o_ ,I Official Organ of the Whit, czens of Red River, Sabine, Winn and Natchitoches Parishes. o srt, ,knr l th.
.. a.. . - .. . ... . . . . . . , i j rt .,iteion p a h in Idliao .
Trqau ientaulV-,,rI.nte int l 'I J - -.-, I'"; A T'l"l" Lf ..,- - -D... ... ... All m transi o r l ust he a id t
1" and N O .13r" firs" .,,,. 4j j Each 1.,
24) "'"q -,,',,.4 ,,,, ,,,,,.,,,,,,,.,. " ,F H[ I- I I NoA , ) C ,,\ I II 4 , I -
___ ofal~
ia ih s iil~c i
.... .. . ... ........... - .4,.4_ l 0a-tol • I H Na - l la a a R ~ a -il - - --nn- - - - --i--ma i l i an l -t un i - li a -aN-Nli H N I I IIH H l i l a i- - IN ai r
-~ i e r v r h r ti a ' . - ..... ... ......... .. ....... ... ... .. . .. . .A.. ..411.. .. ... .. ....... ...f.r..... . .......than.. ..
Profes 'sional C(ai i.
W in1. I1. Jacl.,
A ttorne(!/ f(n l, if ii ' ila, , ,, t /l.ri (
NAT'('Iill T ('lI . 1,.1.
I[[L practihe in th, *., rt ,, N tt,.h .
,albin . lD,4 t,,. 1,". l l'i ,r. W :1 . 11 "+
and Gra , tit, a i. it11 .+ pr, l ,",,' < a t ,: th, ,
S inate Mahu, preen ptly v attnd,,,d t.,,
April 2 I7; .
M . 5 . , V Y. I \ lNI l. ('. I'W Llt!I; 1r |till.
LEVY & S('At O110! ', Il,
.1Tl017'Vi l .'s .1T /..1 II.
r A_ av I o(ia ted, i.7t,", ( th e. 1 . t" . . tor.l r
lL in i .e IS'a lth ai l d +iIiii. lic, it l th.il"i ;
eial Dist. rict, aisi in I1." palish,..+ l 't W ,n a; d
ranthe , S uilre e ('il ll irt itof ullluill ;i i. Ii:
Ottr l an.d I'irJit r5 l ni , v.
C. nrt of .'laim., it W hineton.
OlICIet ini ti I.ie-clt. I'lnhti ling
NAtt (' !O ll il. Ei 1 s11" , L i.\.
Aug. 3., Ti - ly.
t II. dM.e ('.C NNIN, (I.t.1 I.
.I TT)l !:NEYi .lI 1' L.F
S t. D enis Street, N- tchitc ihi'-, Lia.
W ILL give prompt and per:nmal at
,eltion tot t ; u111 hln e e,, llrlnted to
their care
ILL practice in the lI)itrict and l'ar;
Conrts il theaih f N'Ntc altchlitoh, aiis,
Roto River, -l sotoivurl Suin, and It 'lier'
the Supreme ('onrt at Mtrtio n and Nrit
O'leans. .Jail 3 m ,.
C. CiarP.I N. ('. F. 1)l \\.0 l/ . '. 1. ('1llv,IN
HAPLiN, DRIN(GUET & CII,,LIN,
NATCHII ) '1'1lES, i,A.
PRACTICE in thi, Iitrictt ('ourtil o1
Natchitoch:,s. 'Abline, D)'S to ;:1:1
Red River iild iiilt' t ll11lt",n1. ('mulit of
t M. B. TUCKER,
Attorney and Counsellor at Latw,
St. Denis Street, - V .1uhhihoches, La.
ILL practice in the District andd Prrgeon
ish Courts of Natchitoches, SLain.
DSoto and Red River, and the Supren
Court of the State.
All business entrusted to his care will
receive prompt attention. At r la-1
M. ..A. Dunn,
Physician and Surgeon
Monlrounmery, La.
Magistrate.
OHN M. TUCKER,
Magistrate Ward 1.
St. Denis Street, : : Natchitoches, La.
P ROMPT attention given to all business
entrusted to his care.
,o- Claims collected at small cost.
Refers to the BarI Generaily.
Jan 5'78-ly
-Business Cards.
J, C, ' ricb.el,
-DEAI.EIR IN -
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, IIARI)
WARE, BOOTS andll SHOES, HIA'TS,
E'I'C.
Highest cash price paid lor C(di,,o :il(
Country Produce.
\VASIINIITON. ST..
NATCHlITOCIIES, LA.
C. A. BULLARD N. II. CAMPBEII,
Bullarid & C(amtphtell,
LEAItERS IN
DRY GOODS,
GROCERIES,
IIARI)WAlE,
And General Merchandise.
Corner FaKOT & LAA\YETTE Street,
Natch itorhes, Li.
[IOGIIEST cash price paid for cotton and
country produce in cash or merchandise.
March 25 -1ly.
C. L. WALSLKY. R. N, WAM1V4 KY
C. L. WALMSLEY & CO,
COTTON FACTORS
-AND-~
IEIg1L COMMISSION MERIHANTS.
Perdide St., New Orleans, La.
JOHN L. GILL,
-wrrfi
GREGG & FORD,
IC(OTTON FVA((' t() RS, .
0O(C %I#A & WEP.TEý'P R PRODUCE,
j #m& f# weo4 R'roeikag Head Gin.
so,, 24 6nd t erm,
---dettle in
iwr) &lmm l *'Me.,Y L s
Ig@~a
CHILLS, F VERS, DYSPe,"IA
Fom al; Disorders. e Pronarc by
The Home Bitters Co., St. Louws
Prescribed By Best Phyvsicians,
and Sold by Doalors -Evervwhere.
,LAURIE & McCLATCHEY'S
O M CEOPATHI
DOMESTIC MEDICINE.
Eighth Edi:tion: 1011 Pp.
large 'o. llu;f .l :roco. ; prio' I:;. *li,"tI:r; E & IAFE.L,
,'.w York, 1i'h1 1 at :< ..w Or:. ,,s.
Thli. t the tust vmTh,let, a,;i ,mli]pr. h, ls;ve work on
flit h 6j"'.t in t',r l':in om.,it lai.; ' ,a . Ct'mit sulpi fur d.i,
! no no price curre:,. +tf thi, an," .IthI r ..l.. .1;! + ress
1 $ Il :I 0: .. 'F.nFnJ., 1mll)nIpuathJIC J'hanrnylll) , ](*' Canal.
& tre t, a rw 0111 u u K.
vs,'ted. ic.is lc hl t (lllf l carried as long as tde
yin I on del, it rof thnri, .r- ient. Explrral to ry
circ'lars anti dw'tk!y n l,orts scut free.
b DR.BUTTS'
No.12 N. Eighth St,
SSt. Louis, Mo.
Who hal had greater experience in the treatment of the
sleIual tro,,les i 1 bhlh ld i ea and fBinula than u:'y phisician
practice nl h.8 two new works,just publlhed, entitled
The PHYSIOLOGY OF MARRIACE
The PRIVATE MEDICAL ADVISER
Iooks that are really Guildris and elr- lntrneton in all mat
th per l rining to l:anhoi.,t al . :, lomanL,,'od. and supply
want long fet. They are b.lautifnily II:lrnled, and in pla In
lah.guage, easily In. r s.tood. Th:e two bookl enlbrace,55 ,
pag.u nd t'onl(] li, uale Inf.rmtllo, for both narriedand i
I s f tle, with all recent imnpr vr wnt . ml inedtcal tryatment
c .adawhat rLhIIIe'n l a r a' T:" seknowl. d f e imlprted
inl Dr. :nl Is' n'.i r it is i n way of questiOltnable char
Deter, bu: Ir ai'.l: i l hat eParyone .hnuld kno . Thth n
toalh.otu virtin fcb rly indt e .crtin; the Illn,otnerwis e I
perfl'ty h, a thy n mal h ,but l with w ani n r in th ri e
of hlf, lnd the Ih o an, in misery'
from the many ills her sex is he
to."-St. I nui Jonrlnal.
I'OP1r14. PIII('EI -) eCd. ach
bath in one go!;ne, $1; in clth and
gilt, 235 ts. extra. Sent unjder teal, 0
receipt of prio in money or stamps. 1
The Remedy or the 19DtLF oary.A
tTRe t Barham's Infallible II
PILE CURE.
" Manufactured by the
parham to baroiCo., Dahram, N. 0.
A o It nteer falls to eure Hemnrrholds
i t orlit 0 Pll', when a curet Is podanlbe.
` P rice Lit aid f l ooa fidn e taoteorell
tarnished on applleatlon
I Madison Dispensary,
r01 i. Cola Ik ,t., ('Chic alfo, Ill.
':lt . nlI;F l"fW, bne hr, .n . r "er ,rI e\."erirne 1:
trcat o. N AI.AND (I llill.I' ll l. .In
.'SA:- .I t Y.  UI. t'..y , l ' .t .enty.
ti, ri.hlait m 'li.'11, f ,, s uai ,,:., or
" , P c ..r pr..luc g I .I.11 1F'\1'%. I'IIll.ES
U' 'I iU tRE. Sr., Uewhring MREtl .K i"
. I Phlim it, can he po.ititrl at!,l pc rna
a tir',m td i'l warrh e v'ern r eni,. Pr loh.
h, p:,a, ,v ,.1 ir lli li il ll It lllrtt otile , I te a
PA.TII' LOGll Y. !:t1' al f lurne d pacn, tI I I:itett'I I, a ourninipg
ti lth tit waiia l er h thro. apu li.,h,,, Prir n(t et( . Lt..t1 rs
('0 1FIDE\lll .. % iur i Pl't , fi~n m, . EO\r rn. Sn,:ov ,$10.
sIn' uC tr shar;i~l I:u!,bcr (iood; , &c. by Express. .
PRESCRIPTION FREE!
yor the spee ,|y t'ir'e of ,,,llllnal \VW eak ,ieS S, L. ,st
Mitrllhiti ri ttI tiall llis)t 'I'.ir, irgint t oiln iy iilis-
cretiion or ex'l e . Any li'nitiit hats the intre
dleInt. Addt'eas, Dr. W.. J.AQU'E 4t CO.,
130 Wcist NIxllta Street. (Cineinntattl, O.
Ms(rlhe-A'3tur7. Trevnlv'rc
$. "..~(0. OvUtI 101 latest Noveltic'e
S Ag'ts wautred. 3u.SupyplyC".iRNahvillr,Tenu.
'
A Iystery Solved.
JThe Greateht leJdical Triumph of
ModlTer imes ! The MIU'M terions
Cha nel of Diserse Discotered,
and a C(erlain Care P'rori
(dedfl. The Stonach,
Liter, and  Bowrels
Ihu' (Cent, e o" F
Ii.ease.
hIlhli\'S lIlif \ ,IYE PllS
The (lcit Anti-llilliollns Hellcnlleu :Ia|n
.ilsuiat ic 1)isol\vher.
PARSON'S
PURGATIVE PILLS
Are the result of lon'g-continetd Scien
titcle investiatigatin, allll are Waa;ll'i'lted to
ntre, all (Iis-isit oritiuiitig in the
stonachl, Liver, and litawels. No grip
iain paitisi Illlow the tisr of Ihese Pills,
Unlt tll Bow\Ve'ls ari e iullunalled; bIlut e
lief, iiinttetli:tte Re'liei; maiy bie relied
tItlton. As it CluillUlon Famiily Physic
PARSON'S
PII UGATIVE PILLS
Staud tlnneqtttlhd before the world to-day.
+ By ' varyillg tlite dost accotrding to direc
tions, Pttrsons' Pu'trgative P'ills effeetually
Purify the Blood and greatly alleviate,
if nott enttirely cure Dsspellsia, Sceronilla
otr King's Evil, Rose. Erysipel:tas or St.
Authony's Fire, Erilptions, atd Eruptive
Diseases of the skin, Salt Rheum.n Tet
ter, Rinsgqormnn, ttres, Boils, Ttmors,
Morbid Swellings, :lcerations, Pimples
and Blotches.
EVERY BOX WARRANTED.
iMost Complete Satisfaction Guaranteed
or No Pay.
FIull directions around each box.
Physicians supplied by mail, post-bpaid, tl
'or '2.50 per thousand, in bulk, cash in
advanoe. We will send these Pills to e
ally reliable druggist or merchant to sell
on comnmission. Agents wanted every- tl
where. B
8. JOHNSON & CO., bi
sBANO, IniEl Proprltoan,
qt .lr! I ,
VEGETINE
WILL CURE RHUMATISM.
\I r. . Il 'l|r I t . ,kel, til," wtV kell k no i! I1t't
_ist and ,ipth, .' r\. ,t t rin t[ale. .T,.. al.
uat, :v ).,"s ,.,ert , trb, mlled lith khlnuu
t:ai to ttr\ VEtlE'IINE.
Read His Statement:
Spriival.. Me, Oct. I. I,2 .
I . If. 1, StFitNs:
i..r . -ht.- "ifn yearsr ago last tal'l I w;
I:k,+n sick with rhe.t'lathi.n, was unabl, to
,i.i until i hsi I ,i . it pril. . ro ml that tilm untl.
tit t e ,, . ;u..,,L u this tll I nth|'erede\'erv'rhinltu
w"e;;k:at a loun that I rouhil nit step ntilt step;
t\,hl, nn I; sllll" ll;l tiw h sincel ,h'-; tlla 1o. I
llN :y t lltl is; lke |. e Itv "r tl l'Tat is t'rii'led W Iit'
ltheiatit,. it ry -V " TIN du t uil;c
hcr i +.s as I ha o dunt. TL'iis starh'llentl( nll
VE ETINE
HAS ENTIRELY CURED ME.
]B ,ston. OctI., ill 11 7. v.
i a) util ,-Mti dtuiihter, iafter haVi' i ia severei
attack of \Vhnopi g ('u-h, was -lft illa ltehbhu
i,.ltie f h lth lh in. ati din ti.td it fri,:nd ten CO -
SiedUMATISM IS, ad ft OFr sein TH a few
b-itles i as fully li restotrd tl o health.
I hB ve h r a'r'at .uti-rer'from R hlni alu al's.u
I haini ltaken s.evetal bottles of the V\i'G]tTINhe
for its ol tplalillt, at tiLInI happy to sal' i lt ha
ti rely i Illl m'. I have reilicound lllit t VEG;
T INI, it oth ers with the samte gold result: It
sn re;lt cil.seralnd puriler' . hlblood: it
i i pleaiset l to take and I an heerfutlly rteItom t
luie.d it ,lJAS. MIt>1=1:,E, 36+,1 Athens atreet.
RHUMATISM IS A DISEASE OF THE
BL00D.
The blood in this ldese.asa, is f mud to contain
all ex,'ess of tith in. L"(:E I.'L'INE acts by col
v'ertiii the bldt from its diseatsedeondition toa
heal h¥ circulatiou. VI GETINE regulttey the
bowels which is very imlprtaut. One bott~l of
i'tll!ini will gi've relitef but to etpret a per
l:1-.lt rlre it itnst ta tIaken r" ul o lyv , and
may t;Ike . setrt bottles, especially ill c~ses
iof ling tadin- . i egtn et it u is sold by all
trng"ists. Try it. anld your verdict will be the
-ine as that h 'of thuathlds h.loe yoVt, W :o
I.V "II neveIr fnllld sit much I '1reli,,f as f'roml thl,
ns.e of ',egtine, '"which is composed lxclhsive
IV of Lark. R.ots and Ie.iIbs,
"ogetine." s;\ys a lhton physicianll, "h:as
no equal as a bIloo puritier. ihearing of itsui
ilutil woilerftl curesa, rafter ill otherd reit
dies'hlad tailed. I visited the laboratory and
env inced miyselt of its genuninu merit. It is
prepared floun barks, roots and herbs, eaclhof
which is highly effective -and they are _oil
n!ld in Lanch it slntllnert as to produce as
tonishlingli resuits,."
VEGETINE.
NOTHING EQUAL TO IT.
South Salem. V-.--, aSNov. 14, 1876.
Mr. II. R. Stevens :
Dtitar'Sir--I have been troubled with Scrofu
1:, 'lanker and L.irer Complaint for tlhree years;
unthiug ever did mle any goodl until I conmolnc
e,1 usinE the Vegrtine. I am nhow gettiung
Itong first-rate, and still using the Vegetine. I
consiHder there is nothing equal to it for such
comphlaints. Csu heartily recommend it to
everybody. 'oulrs truly,
MRS. LIZZIE M. PAC(KARI),
No. 16 Lagrange street, South Salem, Macs.
VEGETINE
VECETINE.,
PREPARED BY
H. R. STEVENS, BOSTON, MASS.
\Vegetin, is Sold by All Druggists.
A Postal Card sent us with your ad
dress will insuro free in return, our Illus
trated Circular of nice Honsofurnishing
Speeialties. Palmer & Skilton, Manufac
turers, 28t Pearl Street N. V. Nov. 6i-4w.
A GENTS WANTED-For the best and
fastest selling Pictorial Books and fi
bles. Prices reduces 33 per cent. Nation
al Publishing Co., Philadelphia, Pa. 4w
AGENTS, READ THIS.
We will pay Agents a Salary of $100
per moutih and expenses, or allow a large
co:nmmission to sell our new and wonder
full inventions. We mean what we say
Address, without delay,
SHERMAN & CO., Marshal Mich., 4w
TEAS.
AHEAD ALL THE TIME.
The very best goods from the importers
at half the usual cost. Best plan ever of
lered to Club Agents and large buyers.
All Express Charges Paid. New terms free
TIlE GREAT AMERICAN TEA CO.,
P. O. Box, 235. 31 & 38 Tesey St. N' Y.
BEISOV'S CAPCISE POIIOUS
PLASTER.
!'A WONDERFUL REMEDY,
There is no comparison between it
and the common slow acting porous
plaster. It is in every way superior to
ill other external remedies Including
inimneuts and the so-called electrical
appliances. It contains new medical
-lements which in combination with
hubber, posses the most extraordinary
main relieving, strengthning and cn.
ative properties. Any Physician in
;our own locality will confirm thu
hbove statement. For Lame Back,
thumatism, Female Weakness, Stub.
,orn and Neglected Colds and Coughs
liseased Kidneys, Whooping cough.
flections of the heart, and all ills fot
rhich porous plasters are used, it is
imply the best known remedy. Ask
or Benson's ('apcine Porous Plaster
nd take no other. Sold by all Drug
ists. Price 25c. Sent on receipt ot
rice. by Seabury & Johnson, 21 Plai
treet, New York. Nov-Jl 4a
AGENTS WANTED FOR
DR, MARCHl'S NEW BOOKI!
FROM
DARK TO DAWN.
In this new volume the Popular An
thorof Night Scenes in the Bible potrays
with vivid and thrilling force and el k
ence the events of Sacred Truths, .
:idds fresh testimony to the beauty, pa
thos and sublimity of the Stories of the
Bible. Agents will find this Book with
its sparkling thoughts, glowing style,
beautiful Engravings, and rich bindings,
the best in the market. Terms Libral.
Circulars free. Address J C McCurdy &j
SCo., St. Louis, Mo. Nov 1C-4wJd
LIA ' E.IMON.
Numb n her Five.
"Here, (Oh! liratel, the lord mut
Tthe itosaic ,ecount of tho cre:
ti ,to of the wthl, according to our
ttaoslation, ,lmits of no dehfinite
conclusio, with regard to lenýthi of
time, or oodle of formnatioin. "In the
li.ginning," may he millions of yvears,
ans ell as thiuts;ands, and as we are
told that "one day" with the Creator
is a thloiisand years, the period so
designated, may have any imaginable
d(ltratioIt.
It is not prolbable that tha Bible
was intended to teach that, for whlich
oUt' de\veloled hluntan re;ason is a slf
ficienlt guide. The sloi but certain
lntr(.h r f scicntiii i e 1 toi edgo Is aI.i -
in;g plain oncih which it leave., ob
sciire. Geologists are showing its the
foot-prints of the Creator upon the
'rocks, Chemists antd astronomers his
handy-work, and although his won
ders are past finding out, we see
enough to awaken the deepest emo
tions of which the human soul is ca
pable.
All the past ties folded up in the
present, just as the possibilities of
the present were living in the pasr,
just as the worm which crawls at our
feet, has the germ of the dazzling
colors, and the glorious wings of the
flower of the air. The church has
wisely left it an open question, wheth
er humanity had one or many cen
ters; but while it is probable, almost
certain, that there were Pre-adamite
races, we are taught by the best au
thority, tsat the history of the Jews
is the history of the race of Adam.
Moses himself seems almost to assert
this, when lie says, "when the most
tHigh divided to the nations their in
heritance, when he separated the sons
of Adam he set the bounds of the
people according to the number of the
chillren of Israel." Cain, the first of
the sons of Eve, went into the land of
Nod, and buiit a city-Abraham jour
neyed to Damnascus; that wonderful
link between the past and the present
--Moses was wise in all the learning
of the Egyptians, who as farl back as
Ethnological researches can be car
ried, were a great nation, the remains
of whose architecture, yet astonish
the world. Still, the Creator seems to
have chosen the Isrelbtes as a chan
nel through whih Divine wisdom
'throtlgh his revealed will, might flow
in upon humanity.
He showed his especial favor by
placing them, through Prophets and
Seers, by angel visitants in commu
nication with the world of spitits.
Moses continually apostrophises hiin,
as the "God of the spirits, of all
flesh," He chose the people of Isra
el, according to his iiscuutable pur
pose, and says through the mouth of
his Prophet, ''Thus saith the Lord,
which giveth the sun fo* a light by
d(lay, and the ordinances of the moon
and stars by night, the Lord of Hosts
is his name, if those ordinances de
part from before me, saith the Lord,
then, the seed of Israel shall cease
from being a nation before me for
ever."
'The genious of the Oriental nations
tended towards Pantheism. They
saw God in the hills, in the streams,
in the moon and stars, in ajl visible
nature, and without doubt, unless
continually punished, continually ad
monished, the Jews would hlave re
tmained in the idolatry into which
they so often fell. But they were
under the guardianshlip of the "shep
herd of Israel, who neither slumbered
or slept."
In the whole range of Biblical lore
there is nothing ilore wonderful than
the history of thlis people.
Tvre, thle "queen of the nations"
hta'ecome "a place for the spreading
of nets In the midst of' the sea."
"Ninevah is laid waste, she is emnipty
and void in the earth, tihe voice of her
messengers is no nlore heard. Baby
lon a golden cup in tlie hand of the
Lord which made all the nations
drunken," is destroyed, but they re
main a people wlhose very existence
for the last eiglhteen hundred years,
has been a continued miracle. The
fiat had gone forth-"tliu shalt be
scattered,1' says the most Higit "from
one end of the earth to the other, and
among the nations shall find no ease,
neithershiall the soul of thy foot have
rest, thou shalt fear day and night,
and have no assurance of thy life."
This terrible punishment was during
many centuries, literally fulfilled.
When the church became triumphant
and a piower in the land she laid her
relentl-ss grasp upon all who would
not walk in fhe path shie marked out.
The cruelties practiced upon the Jews
during the reign of Ferdinand and
Isabella, of Spain, as well as among
other nations, are too well known,
and too horrible to relate. Judeaism
counts hter martyrs by the thousands
and tens of thousands. They were
the wisest, the most learned, the most
virtuous of the subjects of Spain, but
they were tortured at the stake, and
at the wheel; they were exiled and
defrauded to gratify the unholy bigot
ry of the church built upon the su
perstructure they had raised.
Still, dinuring all these centuries,
scattered, oppressed in every possi
sibla manner, they have remained,
and still remain a distinct race. God
has set his mark upon his people; in
all changes of nationality and climate,
a Jew is always a Jew, distinct in
type of feature, true to his faith and
his race.
The same unjust prejudice whi'R
found vent centuries ago, in i- -
opment and tortue, modi a1 it
mumt be, by larger views 'the Di
vine rill, finds expre-o0 to-day in
contemptuous sareas,*9, and unjust
reproach. It is ,,,thin the memory 1
of tmany now fiving when Jewish
disabilities ,ere removed in England.
The psaemlilds are the money kings
of the abge, and therefore, largely its
roles. They have been able to on
lock wit' a goldeo key many of the
(etters which boand their race. Die-.
tj it ' 1 " ; , lir l 1i:ll i( i I'llli ' 1 ill
ister, ha. not llproblably folgotten his
Speop'le, although he has ltalught his
tngue another ritual. Still, thel pre
judtlice against theml as a race, not as
t" individuals yet lirks in society, andI
ri sihows itself somlleti,,'s in the Imost
' galling and crre l) manner.
f W\hnll oune who had dropped into a
e comimald of the, millions left by A.
D. Stewart; wealth gained by coinm
I' erce, as thueirs was, openlly and
Shaughtily xcrlluded from his splendId
n and costly Ilote , all Jews, becnuse
c they were Jews, for be could haveI no
itier reistn, we ate certainly ilSti
e tied in asseirting that a pre)udice ex
it ists.
Suppose, where Judeaism was in
n power, one were erected excluding
Sall Christians, or all Protestants, of a
- sect not in accordance with the pre
e vailing one, what should we think of
e it Simply, that it was preposterous.
3 In the Church, this feeling reveals
- itself in a way which is, if we may,
e without sacrilege, so characterize any
part of her form or discipline, as ris
ible. We pray devoutly kneeling,
for all open sinners, all heretics, but
I when we pray for the Jews, we stand
f -virtually saying, "we beseech thee
Oh Lord, to look in pity upon all who
r walk in the paths of sin, but as for
? those Jews--well, we are not very
I particular about it, we leave them to
a thy mercy." It is in fact, impossible
to put any other construction upon
this portion of Church ceremonial.
t Many of the peculiarities attribed to
8 them, as a race, are outgrowth of
wrong, the fongus of the oppression
9 and bad treatment. The word "chris
tian," is not always a synonym with
t them for honesty and fair-dealing.
t Let us inquire what position they
take in our country as a class. In
the first place, they are no bigots.
They worship "one Lord," the God
of Abraham, and they sympathise
f with all who do so. They give to all
f churches-the poor and the needy
never seek them in vain-in all be
I nevolent enterprises they are first,
and most unselfish, they turn never
away from the stranger, remembering
that they were, and are still strang
era. They are among our best and
most law-abiding citizens.
I The history of this race, taken as a
whole, past and present, the fulfilled
and still to be accomplished prophe
cies relating to them, invest themnto
the Ethnological student, with rare
and constant interest. Nothing is
more plain and decisive than the
promise of their final restoration to
Divine favor. "Can a nursing moth
er forget her child ? then will I for
get my covenant with the house of
Israel." "As a Shepherd that seek
eth out his flock in the day that
his sheep are scattered, so will I seek
out my sheep and will deliver them
out of all the places where they were
scattered in the dark and cloudy day, t
and I will bring them out from the
people, and gather them from the
countries, and will bring them to I
their own land, and feed them upon t
the mountains of Israel." The literal I
fulfillment of the prophecy relating t
to their dispersion, leads us to look
for the final completion of this. Still, 1
when we reflect upon the genius of I
the Oriental nations, which is emni
nently symbolical, at the signs of the (
times which in no way points in that
direction, we are tempted to a differ- I
ent conclusion. Thieir style of wri
ting was parabolical. It is said of
Christ, the divine teacher, "without a
parable spake lie unto them." St.
Paul, when speaking of the two sons I
of Abraham, the bond and the free,
says, "this is an allegory," and pre.
figures tile two covenants which God
was to make with his people. It is I
evident too, that even the Disciples
of Christ, who were always with hin,
did not fully understand his words, a
since it is certain that they belietved
the final comipletion of all things
would take place during that "gene
ration," indeed, the united voice of:
all profane history, assures us that
they were considered enemies to the
reigning governments, and bad citi
zens because they would lake no part I
in the earthly affairs, they believed I
so soon to be finished.
Tile patriarchs, we are told, were
saved by faith in the promise of the I
most High, and in the coming Christ. I
It is well to think sometimes upon I
the distioction between the spirit and I
the personality of the second person I
in the Divine Trinity. The spirit of
Christ was the love of the great Fatlh- I
er, and found its embodiment in the a
person of Jesus, and of which he
said, "as thou Father art in me, and
I in thee, that they also may be one a
with us," and must constitute that
"oneness with Christ" for which we I
are commanded to seek. The union
between himself and his people was
to be entire!y and purely spiritual. ,
The Christ principle was therefore
coeval with the eternal Father, and
will live on in the eternity to come.
The words of the Apostles always I
bear out this idea. "I live, yet not
I, but Christ liveth in me." "Ma
Christ dwell in you richly." Ia
full recognition of this principit0 e
may find the Saviour who dnally be t
deem them that they w' as tre ase
restored to Divine fal of Jes ru
the bible, and in kot be b8roke." I It
the scripturert of Judainm is the P
this way, tlstianity, for it is the
spirit os, and the following out of a
curist principle-in this way, i. tl
.hse basis of all religions which te
teach the love and worship of one 5
Lord, and love to their fellow man. 1i
In this way, love to God and man, it
is the fulfilling of the whole law, the C
indwelling of Christ, the salvation of fi
Jew and Gentile.
Let graceless bigots in wrangling take
delight,
He can't be wrong, whose life is in the r
Sright, . E
Whose life, outwardly and inward.
ly conforms to the requirements of (
this great ana holy principle; this d
"new coml9ogdment on which hangs I
pra;rtical fatth which will be coulnted
is to all as righteoIusness.
t. O. DeIomcrat,
it It begins with an allusion to thlie
yellow fever epedemnlic, which carrietl
a desolation to so large a section of the
country, and in this connection lie
- recomInlnds a "national sanitary ad
i miniistratiun," which shall not only
td control qiuarantine, but have the san
Sitarv supervision of eternal comnmerce
o in time of epidemics, and hold an ad
visorvy elation" to the local health
authorities, which "power to deal
with whatever endangers the public
n health," but which the local author
! ities are unable to regulate.
a The next, and the most important,
-subject discussed is the practical re
f cognition of the right of suffrage so
e. cured to the negro by constitutional
a amendments, in connection with the
recent elections in the South.
This is declared to be the para
mount question in American politics,
and it is accorded a corresponding
t ilipportance by Mr. Hayes in his rmes
I sage. He assures us that the friends
3 of law and order have been grievous.
ly disapointed in regard to the "de
r gree in which the right of suffrage
could be exercised by the colored
º people, and would be respected by
their fellow-citizens" at the South.
I It is the opinion of Mr. Hayes that
nowhere in the South was the negro
able to make his opinions felt. In
f some of these States, however, lie as
I sures us that the influences used on
Sthe negro were of a character that
can neither be measured nor reached
by law. What there is atrocious in
such influences as these, or what
wrong has resulted or can even re
result from their operation, we are at
I a loss to imagine. Doubtless Mr.
Hayes would be at an equal loss to
define what he,means more clearly
than that, under these influences, the
negroes did not elect Repullicans
and did elect Democrats, and that
"hadn't otter be."
lie is somewhat more clear and
positive in regard to the doings in
Louisiana and South Carolina "at
large," and in some particular con
gressional districts outside of those
States. In these localities, he informs
us, the negro has been bulldozed, in
timidated and put down by violence
and fraud. The law can reach these
offenders, and le promises as that
nothing shall be left undone by the
Executive to secure their conviction
and punishment. In other words, he
hae determined on a repetition of the
outrageous and wholesale persecution
of the people of a number of locali
ties in the South, such as character
ized the days of Grantism.
He has even the effrontery to ap
peal "with corfidence" to a Demo- t
cratic Congress to increase the ap
propriations for the Department of
Justice, in order to supply the means
to carry on this crusade, the expen
ses of which he is assured by the At- .
torney General, will largely exceed '
the present fund.
In another portion of the message
he recommends, also, the repeal of
the act ot 1878, forbidding the "use
of the army as a posse comitatus, or
otherwise, for the purpose af execu
ring the laws, except in such cases
anu under such circumstances as may
hie expressly authorized by the con
stitution or by act of Congress." c
''lie Democratic Congress will be r
very apt to give these recommenda- I
tiius if Mr. Hayes a very powerful
consideration. (
Dismissing this subject, the mes- r
sage proceeds to refer to the Paris
Exposition, the silver conference, the
Halifax tishery award, the restoration
fit peace in Cuba, the revised treaty (
withil JapanU and the cstabhlshment of
diplomatic and treaty relations with
China, Italy, Mexico, Samoa, and the i
Central anid Southern American
states. The policy of the govern.
meot on the Rio Grands has been [
most satisfactory, both to the United
States and to Mexico, and thile pros
pects for closer relations between thie
two countries are looked forward to L
with confidence.
The operations of the Treasury De
partment come up for consideration 1
next in order. After giving a state
ment of the revenues and actual ex- t
penses of the Government and tire
reduction of the public debt, it isre- ,
commended that the law authorizing t
the issue of the four per cents be so a
amended that small sums may be in
vested and the freest opportunit
given, throughl the postolices .p
agencies, for such investme.d to
money so received to be 9f bonds. Il
the redemption of six per point con
The message upon aoendation to
eludes with the ra's in the existing
avoid radi.cal cb.. Notwithsetand- pr
financial le q' we trust to see a re- er
ing all Of, tax on State banks at the
peal of session of Congress. to
presegatrd to the War Department, 5e
.mere is nothing, either in the way of be
recital or recommendation, of any of
general importance. A pension to Co
the widow of Lieut. H. H. Benner, I
the establishment of an anuity scheme
for the benefitof the heirs of deaeas be
ad officers, and the repeal of the act an
forbidding the use of the army as a on
posse comitatus are recommended. ['
In regard to tihe Postofilce Depart- I
went, certain questions aresuggested,
the discussion of which can only tend
to embarrass our already defective
service. It is suggested that rates of
postage that will defray the expenses
of the service might be adopted. The to
country should supply the amplest Pt
facilities for the transmission of mails V
without reference to reimbursement. U
SAn increase of facilities for litigasts d
before the Federal courts is urgently ,
recommended by an increase of the si
Federal courtr,
The timber question and the In cl
dian policy then come up for consi. C
deration. Stringent laws for the *
protection of the forest are urged,
101
is anal at least two new features are
d suggested in regard to the solution of
the Indian prollem, to wit: the edu
cation of a number of Indian children
;it the lIHampton Normal Agricultural
Institute of Virginia, and the argani
zing of "Indian auxiliaries"-a corps
ie of muon ntod braves, to be employed
d by the government in a kind of police
e service.
I"
Bishop J. P. II. Wilmer.
N. 0. Democrat.
It is our painful duty this morning
to chronicle the sudden death of the
Right Rev. Joseph P. B. Wilmer,
Bishlop of the Episcopal diocese of
Louisiana. This melancholy event
happened at the St. Charles Hotel, at
an early hour last evening, of apop
plexy.
This learned and eloquent prelate
was of a distinguished Maryland fam
ily, but removed in early childhood
to Virginia. He was graduated at
Kenyon College, Ohio, and entered
the ministry in Virginia, where he
married into the Skipwith family, and
where he lived in the discharge of
his sacred functions till called to the
ministry of St. Mark's Church in
Philadelphia. How he happened to
sever his connertion with that con
gregation is thus told in "Jeweoll'
Crescent City Ilustrated ;"
"He resigned his parish in Phila,
delphia, at the commencements of
hostilities between the North and
South, believing that the course pqr
sued by the former towards the latter
was tot only unconstitutional, bus
unchristian, and feeling that be coul4
c'nscientiously invoke the blessing
of heaven on the success of a cae
essentially unjust."
On severing his connection with
a people to whom he was greatly at
tached, and who regretted the step he
felt impelled to take by a sacred sense
of duty, Bishop Wilmer returned to
Virginia, where he remained in re
tirement with his family, till called
to the Episcopate of Louisiana.
It is related that, after the war,
when Gen. Lee was offered the pres
idency of the Washington College, at
Lexington, Va., that illustrious com
mander sought Dr. Wilmer's advies
as to the propriety of his acceptance
of the trust. This incident consti
tutes a higher tribute than any we
can pay to the character of Ptgiop
Wilmer. Him who Robert Lee songht
for advice as a patriot as well as a
Christian can need no other com
mendation.
Whether as a citizen or a churel,
man, he was equally worthy of .d
miration, and there was no an ais
our State who was more universa8ay
beloved and admired than f$ishop
Wilmer. His Discourse, whetheo
from the pulpit or in conversation,
left but one impression, and that was
that he took the very highest and
kindliest view of every subject upon
which he spoke.
Bishop Wilmer was born in 1812,
and was consequently in the sixty
seventh year of his age. H|s re
mains will lie in state at Chris$
Church till 3 o'clock this evening,
from which place he will be burie4.
Lamar's Diplomacy,
New York Times.
Senator Lamar has been heard
from. The Cincinnati E~nsuirer
caught him on his way to Washing
rion and heIld an interview which is a
noticeable for irs omissions as for its
sayings. It seems iposterible, in
deed, to obtain from , more mode
rate of tIhe Southern ,eaders any thing
like a frank expression of opinion
wvith reference to questions in which
the North has an immediate Interest,
On general topice they talk freely;
specific topic they avoid as traps set
by designing mien. "Bob" Toonabe
has none of this timidity. He blunt
ly justifies violence and fr8aud a
means of carrying an election against
Republicans, and as bluntly scouts
the notion of redeeming greenbacks.
We must accord him credit for cano
dor, however detestable the opiuio,.
he expresses. Not so with the wb- .
of politieians of whom Me ens.
phens and Lamar are goi.',e can
Try as you will, nothi; All their at
be extorted from tl,1 Neither lacks
terances are DjSrds prove and per
plnck, as thelj~Ie estimable men. But
soUnally tfty cunrbs their courage,
their ~ts a desire to smooth over
anllties which in the interest even
. 'their own section, should be hon
estly met.
Hayes' Way of Paying for His Omc.
Philadelphia Times.
It is the plain duty of the President to
prosecute the offenders against the Fed
eral laws in the Louisiana election, but
when he appoints snob a man as John
Ray to do the work, he lays himself open
to suspicious of becoming a party to per
secution. Ray was the counsel and go
between of the infamous Returning Board
of 1876, and is generally believed to have
coneoeted a great deal to the villainy of
which that body was guilty. He isjnst
ly one of the best hated men in Now Or
leans, and is the last person that would
be selected for the honest discharge of
any duty. His appointment will auta
onize the real friends of law and order mn
LIouisiana and can lead to no good resalt
whatever.
Tothe Soeath.
New York Tribane.
If the Southern people themselves
take active measures to expose, seize and
punish their own criminals, and to pre.
vent crime against free government ij
future, they will do something to coon te.
act the work done hitherto. If they so
defend fraud and sustain rimse that pun.
ishment of the guilty is rendered JmpMo
sible, let them take warning that no man
for whom the South votes will ever
chosen President, or enjoy in any fattre
Congress the position of leadel' of '
majority. The solid 8outh virtupal
dlsfnanhising itself by its froands.s
erimes.
I-