t's vindicator. -Ttoqi.
Advertising Rlates. M At okU4I
I square.... 1 e i pml $1i 50$I0 I'$ :" Ill2II Ian
2~ tl 1Uaifle. 71 II 11 Ii IJU I ;: D III 2'' ý fill M rn
s 69uo fli... 140 13OII
tl uqnaretl... 171 I N i 11 U111) 27 IiI'. ; II 4 l ll- , 01I
o nara 1,uIo 24 0) 32 ll fil! 4 0
qyare .., 0(: 'nLE WEL A1RREi OF THEl PEOPLE 1 'T'IlE: SUPREME';JI1' LAW.
7 8 Hnares... 11 0 ý 1 i;III 50 Ills, 711 Inl 1;; ·....,-·---- 5
tl wcluaret... 9()1 ( 1 nýII 1)nlow -
III rx n... 1000 ;15 00 :l 01) I , U a. 4 Official Organ of the White Citizens of Red River, Sabine, Winn and Natchitoches Parishes. ------
20 HqlgIaresl... 691 d1 Il,0t 1 1 1 1 25 1 I I1511 filTaUetd ets-u nA8.0p r'y i n
10 llnen Erevier, tirst nertinn. Falrh anir) V 1' V \ ( )1C I ,V,
nontirnsent 5cl nt S iata -1 ý Iua r kI'I-. 1iL Iii .it~, :
Professional Carids.
Wmi. II. Joack,
(SNlC e.sor to JA( K & PIl.,:l I
Attorne!y a til ('i ,iosclor.' ' o LairI
NAITC iHIOCHlES, LA.
ILL practico in that Coirt I .Nat hic'" t'.
Sabine. DPoto. Ried Rivt, \vmn. is:illh '
sad Grant, and in lthe Supt V:.l4 Cw of Ir
l4tate. Claims prom ptly .tl.i'h1d r"
Aprilg ' 1I7T.
WM. M.LEVY. II.ANIE II . ' 1'.1li l *l;1'4il"
LEVY & SCARBOROU1GH.
AT'rORXSEF S .1 7' ,. 1.
HAVING associated themacelve: w i prat''
in the Parish and District, the I7th Juidi
cial District, and in the pariahos' of \ inni ;nld
Grant, Su revu. Court of l. isii na. ', i .S. 11i
tr.ct and Qrcuit courts of Lounihianl :mn I
Court of Claims at Washington.
Office in the Lacoste tuilhliin
(lUp Stairs.)
NATC HIITOCIIES. IA.
Aug. 3, 1578-ly.
J H. & M. J. (''NNINdIIAM.
ATT'ORNEY4'S 1T LA II. '.
St. Denis Street, Natchitoches, La.
W ILL give prompt and personal at
toutton to anll Influt entrusted to
their care
Practices in the District andl Paris:;
Courts in the Parishes of Natchitochei.
Red River, DeSotu aid Sabine, and Ieforti
the Supreme Court at Mtouron t ni Newu
Orleans. 5 .-ly.
C. CHAPLIN C.. F. DRANGLUE1 T. P. i IIAPLIt
CHAPLIN, DRAN(IUET & ('HAPLIN,
Attorneyl at rLAw,
NATCHITOCHlES, LA.
PRACTICE in the District Courts oi
P Natchitoohes, Sabine, I)eSoto and
Red River and in the Supreme Court of
the State March 2-1y.
J. M. B. TUCKER,
Atlorney and Counsellor at Larw,
OFFICE
St. Detas Street, - - Natchitoches, La.
I ILL practice in the District and Par
Sish Courts of Natchitoches, Sabin'
DaSoto and Red River, and the Supren,'
Court of the State.
All business entrusted to his care will
receive prompt attention. Apr 13-1.
M, .A. IDunnI,
Physician and Surgeon
MIontgonmery, La.
Magistrate.
JOHaN . TUCKER,
Magistrate Ward 1.
St. Diniv.treet, : : Natchitoches, Lt.
PROMPT attention given to all business
entrusted to his care.
pS" Claims collected at small cost.
Refers to the Barl Generally.
Jan 5 '78ly
Business Cards.
J. 0. Triohel,
-DEALER IN
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, HARI)
WARE, BOOTS and SHOES, HATS,
ETC.
Highest cash price pail for Cotltiol : c,i
Country Produce.
WASHINGTON, 'fT.,
NATCIIITOCHIES. LA.
C. A. BULLARD. N. iH. ('API 'BEILL
Bullard & Calmpbll.
I)DEALERN IN
DRY GOODS,
GROCERIES,
HIIARI)WAIVRE.
And General Merchandise.
Corner FRONT & LAFAYETTE Street,
Nutchitoches, La.
HIGHEST cash price paid for cotton and
country produce in cash or morchandisr,
March 25 -ly.
--
c. L. WALMaSLEY It. ), WALMRtLE
C. L. WALMSLEY & CO0,
COTTON FACTOR
-AND
EllibA COMMISSION MERCHANTx
Perdldo St., New Orleans, La.
RL. E. BU 1EEk'EE
-dealer in
GILOSELIZES
Fnaor SrRErT, Natokoche8, L
JOHN L. GILL,
GREGG & FORD'
GtOrT'VON FACTOKS,.
AND
g. ,-DIIIAIe I-
cMRI]g o& WESTERN PRODUCE
iI fL - - - *l.
I1I
CHILL, . . S. q.:IA ,
Fomaei. Di ode}rs. Pro 'red !,y
The Hc'm ;itters Co., t. Lru !,
Prescr!!w.i y FPo-..t E h-ciriwr.s,
and Eoki b ca,, 7vc r'fw re.
H LAURIE & McCLATCHE..'S 1
OMl(EGATHI
DOMESTIC MEDICINE.
SEig hth L.itis.: 0!1t pp.:
largeSvo. halfMorocco . price. ., II~rtcRuE & ' yAFF.,
New York, Phitia. od New Oleutls.
This is the most complete and compr.hen.ive work on
the subject in the English language. Seld stamp for de. \(
triptive price current of this and other books. Aidresa
BErn, H'K TAsr."ELi, Htomaupathic l'harmacy, l2.0 Canat
Stcreet, .cw Orleans.
_ $100, $200, $500, $1000
S -ALEX. FROTIING$IAM & CO., W
rok!rs. No. 12 Wail Street, New York, make
dc-irable hvestmcnti in sc',ek, which frequent
ly py I from ive to t iventiv tle the amoutnt in.
v-.led. Sek 1keuL,31t InI ' nrrled ti long n de- r
rAl on elop-cit o! thre p, ,. relt. Fxplanatory
circulars andtt( lily t t i o nc.t .
A O DR.BUTTS
No. 12 N. Eighth St.
St. Louis, Mo. I,
Who has had greater experience in the treatment of the
sexual trcn1les of both t iale and tena tde t ha any physician
in the We'1 g o, the resl ll. of has llng and succawhl
practice in his two new workL, ju ist published, entitled
The PHYSIOLOGY OF MARRIAQE
The PRIVATE MEDICAL ADV 3ER
Books that are really old". sd Ielr.tn.tstaeter In all mat R
terspertaiing to Ianhuoaid aa tomanhood.and supply
wantlong felt. They are b, utiftlly Ilustrai.ted. and in plain
language, easily unde tood. The two books embrace 545
pages, and contain valuable ISformantlon for both marriedand
idngle with all te recent improvements in medicaltreatment
itead whatourhomepaper sa y:"Theknowledgeiimpartetd
In Dr. ltta' new works i. In no way of questionable char. $!
actor but is somethng that nrery one should know. The
Yoa.tthe victim of early indiscreton; the aan,otiherwise
pfetly healthy maybe, butwithwann vi r in the rime
of ifsad the Woman, in misert
from the many Ills her sez la heLII RT
to."-St. Louis Journal.
POPULAB PRICEs-O eta. each h - /
bothin one volume, 91; in clothl n
gilt, 2 ets, extra. Sent under seal,
receipt of Arica mlonor ~ tmphh l Cl
-The Remedy of the 19th CeAtuAry
faDe Barham's Infallible
PILE CURE.
e anufactured by tbo
{,am MARi o+r It never falls to sere Rebarr holds
00 p or Ples, when a eure Ia s oiable
Price Lh t and bons Lida ttI. .all
furnished en applicalalon I
Madison r Lisponsary,
201 S. Clark ,;t., Chicago, Ill.
, It. BtT.P.LOW, havctn .30 ears crpel ienee. I
treats SI.X ,ALA l't tiltIo t IstAhb in
f , th texes t SurrrY, SettL, P't.VaT . the
t.It. OCS It" I ll.l'Ib Yfrom sexual nice or
• Scareas, producieg IIPOTEI'lMY, PI'ItIFS
I N TItl. PAL1. Ac., renrlermg IARRI.tt GH
s L P11P OPEF:R, can be positively and perm.
iently nlred.Wl warraateverv ease. Parinh
PAlIfOOL ¥O, 234 large pages. ILI'LSTII 0T11, containing
tach that was never Oflo published, Price 60* eta. Le:sers
COsFIDIENTIAL. Fatera Pots. S, Exr~a 8moso, r $10.
Seal 60 cts. for sample Itubber Goods, &o. by Express.
PRESCRIPTION FREET
.Manlood anlt all dis r ord brought on by indis
cretion or excess. Alty ruggltt has the iugre
|tients. Addraee, Dr. V.W. J._IQCE%i CO.,
* 130 West Mixth .%trcet, Cinemna, •.
,A $2.60. Ove.31(ý latest Novelties
I, a tore, i, (' re Prori
,  wated. AlrSthi.3e C s )ihe.,en tiredieu
i0 fi. i t i aur are Wa trirrndt
At Mystery Solved.
tahe and(tllea e di fi b 'fr 1 he o Trtjhl tordia
.1tuverti n tn T ! Thaoe rdgterol ir
(t) a I trtai (e Pro i i- e h
.....rt i' El, i. Re toeEvi.
ter Ringverm. 8ol aitelres, Borat d Tor
StotAdi, Bliter, and s.ells Ngrp
it fthu 'ule of t P
iTitles the Boe ls A rjtll htteedy t e
;,I _I -------- ~
PARSON'S
t , M PUrAostop atirgxttiVE P ul tLS e
_Ful dnt ireEruon ptind ars aund rue t io
torhyiisr, nup ored B, Boils, Tors,
and' ie Bothels. or mer;haut te
E lon commission, Agents wanted every
r where
' st . JOHNSON Ga Cno.,
,.l P or ,'o: P ,a
7I* , lo , Ii1i i I npri t rs.
,... i:,-1.-5
ifuo ultiray cre ~y~rol.sir·, croill
M1iscellaneous.
"VEGETINE."
h, l triiir. leriug of its many wonderful 0
rn."ý ;I r all other remedies had lailed. I vi+. T
.llll 1ll, :.:mbal: ratr . "llnd tlconvinced lly: cel" oflI
its , nine In'lit". It i. prepat.d from hurl:,, ,
to':. :wil h,.rbh . tach of which is hiNhl\ ' Ietlh . e
Stie And th ev ;r .oillplud'lt ill s ch a :Io ' f
nI I t, i p ltllej as,)lniilil| rrtultli .' y
VEGETINE
lIs , . great Blood puritl fler.
VEGETINE
\Vill cure the worst case of Scrofula. n s
VEGETINE. ,
SIs 1 ,comm'ended by physiciaanand sapt ecaries iL
VEGETINE 1'
IHas M tleeted somnltl marvellous seIes in caues i
otf ( ":anlt'"
VEGETINE
 1111 tilt, worslt cnse m of Cankier.
VEGETINE
Meetst with wonderful success in Mercuria
VEGETINE
Will eradicate Salt Rheum from the system.
VEGETINE
Retuoves Pimples and Humors from the faced
VEGETINE
Curcs tonstipation and regulates the bowelal
VEGETINE
Is a valuble remedy for Hleadach.
VEGE TINE
\\Will Cure Dyspepsia.
VEGETINE
Restores to the entire systom to a healthy
condition.
VEGETINE
Removes the cause of Dizziness.
VEGETINE
Relives Faintness at the Stomach.
f VEGETINE
Cures Pains in the Back.
iVEGETINE
EffectuallY cures Kidney Complaint.
VE(GETIN P
Is Fifeciive in its cure of Female Weakness,
VEGETINE
Is the great remedy for General Debility.
VEGETINE
Is acknowledged by all classes of people to be
the host and mosn reliable blood puriler in the
world.
VECETINE.
PREPARED BY
II. B. STEVENS, BOSTON, IASS.
Vegetine is Sold by All Druggists.
Qdp .orolp e bblitcnue4. leg
drc ll insure free iD t , o llt S
trated Circular of niLe Hlonsefurniobing re
piltie. Palmer & Skilton, Manufoc- o
Opum Parl Strt N. Y. Nov. 16 4w. e
T WrANTD-Forka, Grthn Co.,and
A Postal Card s ellin t us Pi it your ad- Bis
dress will insure free in retur,, our Illus- of
trated Circular of uite Honsefurnisbiug ref
Speeialties. Palmer & Skilton, Manufac- co
turers, .'8 Pearl Streert N. Y. Nov. 16 4w. ed
AGENTS VANTED--Fur the best andl
fastest selliug Pictorial Books and Bi- sil
bles. Prices reduces 33 per cent. Nation hi
al Publishing Co., Philadelphia, Pa. 4w be
AGENTS, READ THIS. as
We will pay Agents a Salary of $100 M
per month and expenses, or allow a large ra
c·ommission to sell our new and wonder- tr
ful inventions. We mean what we say bi
Address, without delay,
SHERMAN & CO., Marshal Mich., 4w
TEAS.
AHEAD ALL THE TIME. "
The very best goods from the importers 6
at half the usual cost. Best plan ever of
fered to Club Agents and large buyers.
All Express Charges Paid. New terms free d
THE GREAT AMERICAN TEA CO., y
P. O. Box, 235. 31 & 38 Tesey St. N" Y. i
B ESOS'S CPCINE POROUS
PLASTER.
A WONDERFUL REMEDY. a
There is no comparison between it
and the common slow acting porous t
plaster. It is in every way superior to
all other external remedies including f
liniments and the so-called electrical
Ii- appliances. It contains new medical
to elemnets w\hich in combination with
he rubber, posses the most extraordinary
p- pain relieving. etrengthning and cn
Is rative ,roperties. Any physician in
- our own locality will confirm the
ed above statement. For Lame Back,
Rhumatism, Female Weakness, Stub
horn and Neglected Colds and Coughs,
diseased Kidneys, Whooping cough.
S aftections of the heart, and all ills for
which porous plasters are used, it is
' simply the best known remedy. Ask
for Benson's (apciuo Porous Plaste
ly and take no other. Sold by all Drug
e, ,ists. Price 25e. Sent on receipt o
la price. by Soahury & Johnson, 21 Pla
t treet, New York. Nov-16 4w
lAGENTS WANTED FOR
bUR IARCBi'S NEW BOOK!
FROM
DARK TO DAWN.
In this new volume the Popular Au
D. thor of Night Scenes in the Bible potrays
id, with vivid and thrilling force and eloqu
iin ce the events of Sacred Truths, and.
to adds freso testimony to the beauty, pa
el thus and sublimity of the Stories of the
ry- Bible. Agents will find this Book with
its sparkling thoughts, glowing style,
beautiful Engravings, and ridh bandings,
the best in the market. Terms Libral.
. tirculls free. Address J C MOcurdy &
Co., St Ltouis, Mo" Nov 14414"
,B ! 
"tnd Wliit is Frienadshipi luit i Name. %
Pup. ftr inddip i. m11re than a anam1 . pat's
"'is itselfa true fmli tain of hlis., got
Yure friedtlship is always til i ns , in ,n
'f'is all that reality i, jpeol
' "is a light, liii's paihw:y to (her ) . kills
'To the vwoe-strijken iheart sweet relief, ot
i\'ivig sxtii es to o 1" .joys, ito soll'OW a1
Andt a balhn in the h1our of grief,l
T'is a spirit whose home's in the sky. -[1
T'"is atl echo from music above,
T'is a steatlet that never runs dry,
For it flows ftroim the fountain of love. dCC
parl
T'is a seal on the spirit inupress'd. a bi
In merey to life, it was given, mot
T'is a note f'ro tlio harps o." the blest, but
T'in a gem from tn the treasures of heaven. pare
hen
T'is a charm, dear in memory's dream, poll
Sirviving the dust of the tomb, this
It lives beyond death's chilling stream, tags
It dwells in the spirit's bright homne. by
From the tempests of sorrow secure, 'I
Like the dove, to its ark, it can fly, tint
And repose, till the wild flood is o'er, is y
In the heart, till the storm passes by. and
abl
T'is a foretaste of heaven, on earth, beli
Tis bestowed on bright spirits above,
And the songs of the bless'd chant its
worth,
And mingle their friendships with love. L
on
T'is a sweet tie, that binds heart to heart, was
A tie that cold death cannot sever, abe
Gives to earth-of Heaven, a part,
And in Heaven will live on forever. e
T'is a source of true happiness here, Cit
T'is a theme for the bright harps above, wan
And it circles, eternity's sphere, gra
As the radiant halo of love.
True friendship! Sweet child of the skies, she
'Midst Angels, it's final abode, to I
From the tomb, with the spirit it files of t
'To dwell with the Angels and God. ed
Judge Rightor's Decision. hot
N. O. Picayune. ed.
The decision of Judge Rightor in I
the case of the State against Chevalley gro
on the relation of Manning, will prob- ant
ably put an end to the attempts, on ma
the part of defeated candidates, to ver
prevent their successful competitors voc
from obtaining possession of the city I
offices. The proceeding taken by the fou
plaintiff in this case of course was in. vol
tended to pave the way to his own for
sucession to the office of Administra- for
tor of Water Works and Public ma
Buildings, but it was anomalous in tot
character, and widely contested elec- wil
tion cases. This, at least, is the Co
Inference to be drawn from Judge gre
R ighior's decision, and we presume cat
e that few lawyers will dissent from it. am
In brief, the court decides that a writ 25,
of injunction does net lie in a case of het
this kind, and that Mr, Manniug's in
remedy, if his contention is well cre
founded, is a writ of quo toarranto. Ro
That is to say, the will of the people pal
as expressed at the polls and certified pro
in proper form, cannot bte thwarted int
by a mere allegation fo fraud, violence Ba
e or force, however sincerely these al- chl
legations may be made, and a court cel
will not use the writ of injunction to cel
interfere with the regular workings of bo
the municipal government, by pre- vo
venting the officers shown prima fa- cir
*. cie to be elected from taking possession in
s- of their places. If Mr. Manning was Re
g really elected, as lie claims; if his th
- competittor was fiaudulently return- nl
" ed, as he alleges, the statute law pro- th
1 vides an adequate remnedy. It is pos- 0.
i siblethat M'r. Manning may avail
n himselfof this remedy if he really A
believes in the strength of his case. th
But it is scarcely probable. To li
ask acourt to issue a writ directing e
10 Mr. Chevaley to show by what war- B
e rant he holds the office of Adminis
r- trator of Water Works and Public lo
Sbuildings, would result only in pro
Sving what everybody knows-that, on i
the face of the returns Mr. Chevailey
received 13,859 votes and Mr. Man- li
ning 7,459, a majority for the lead
ing candidate entirely too great to be d
overcome, or even materially mnodi
fled by any proof of irregularities or l
r. frauds that Mr. Manning could pro
ee duce if hie were to search for ten
years. That there may have been tl
irregularities, perhaps even frauds, a
at the late election, as there are to a i
Sgreater or less extent at all elections,
we do not deny; but that they were
systematic in character, or that they t
reached the huge proportions neces
sat to give any basis to the claims
an contentions like those of Mr.
Maoing, is a supposition too absurd
to impose on the credulity of any one I
but a disappointed candidate, or a
frenzied and embittered partisan. I
Romance of Tellow Fever.
SMemphis Avalanche.
One of the thousand and one tragic
Sincidents of the great plague hap
, pened at Holly Springs a few days
- since. A beautiful young lady of
SNew Orleans was forced by her father
Ii to marry an old man she could pot
r love. Preferring death to slavery,
the young lady ran away and gave
her services as nurse to the fever
s etricken of Holly Springs. After a few
days of devoted attention to the sick
Sshe was herself stricken. There was
a male nurse for her. There was no
female hand to soothe with its gentle
- touch the fevered brow. But the
, noble Ridley was there to perform
Sthe last sad o8ffices to the dying girl.
Towards the last she said to him:
"Kiss me." As Ridley kissed her on
the cheek she exclaimed: "Kiss
lips," which he did. She tbebt,;i.
'"You are the only man I ev, ,as in
Ay- kiss me again." Whilea h,.rew her
the act of kissing her and instantly
nd arms around his re,
p expired.
with . of the peace in Arizona
le, Jd oiie evidence of all witoeses,
us /_r"leTboth lawyers out doors, knLockI
brl._ plaaititover a beaok,-amd 4d
. f'ao ~cun of toion."
jll.:w •:pr~ ,
We :are pained to learn that on
Saturday last. at W\averly, Madison
parish, S. U. BranIm and Bein Fowers
got into a diitlicltv, which resulted iWian
in the killing of thIe latter and the tract
probablle fatal wounding of the form- Paci
Ie. Blratne is the sa)Oe Ian who hers
killed McLemore, at Delhi, in 1874. chan
Both he and Fowers, it is said, fired Rubs
at each other almost simultaneously. port
The dificulty grew out of a quarrel conti
between Braime aqd ne of his tenant. pan
--Richland Beacon. Orlec
tion
Says the Washington News, any Shre
decent honest man in the South, and if so
particularly in Louisiana, who is not pan`
a bondholder, should hesitate for a toad
moment to give, not his vote only, N. 0
but active support to the Democratic will
party, is a mystery beyond compre chas
hension, and leads one to doubt the of ri
political honesty of any one who, at as tl
this time pretends to see an advan- aldsi
tage to our country or any part of it even
by the success of Radicalism. the
The reports from the planters con- exer
tinue to come in favorably. The cane then
is yielding well both as to quantity New
and quality. The season is remark- who
ably fine for grinding-everything conI
being favorable to the saving of the the
crop and the obtaining of a fine yield. con:
[Thibodaux Sentinel. road
of t]
Last Friday the steam gin hionse has
on the Flunker place in this parish audi
was destroyed by fire together with ou (
about 118 bales of cotton. The fire vir
originated from sparks from the thos
chimney. Capt. Steele, of Ouachita worl
City, was cultivating the place. There nolt
was no insurauce.-[Ouachita Tele- reac
graph. fron
The ballot-boxes, poll books tally- I
sheets and returns of commissioners com
to the sheriff and the sheriff's returns cien
of election is St. Mary were abstract- to
ed from the Court House on the 8th layti
inst., carried to the rear of the engine !rva
house, and thlere completely destroy. ber
ed. the
Last Wednesday four young ne- Bay
groes met a white man below town opel
and without provocation beat the whi
man nearly to death. His head Is Bay
very badly cut.-- [Baton Rouge Ad- Ale:
vocate. labc
Full and official figures from fifty- com
four parishes in the State make the and
vote for State Treasurer as follows: are
for E. A. Burke, Democrat, 76,026 ; T
- for Gardner, National, 32,588; a Pac
majority for burke of 43,338. The be c
total vote of the State for treasurer fron
will not be over 120,000 ; the vote for the
s Congress will probably be some 5000 but
a greater than this. The highest vote tral
cast, that for parochial offices, will plat
amount about 135,000, a decrease of
t 25,000 from the vote of 1876. The
f heaviest falling of in votes has been
a in New O0leans, which shows a de
I crease of 25 per cent, and in Baton 'I
º. Rouge, Iberia, Lafourche and other nod
e parishes where the yellow fever has ton
I prevailed, preventing registration and rest
l interfering with the election. In of
e Baton Rouge, Ascension and Lafour- for
che the loss in votes is fully 60 per des
t cent,in Pointe Conpee it is 40 per inv,
o cent, while in Assumption, Terre- If t
if bonne and Plaquemiune the loss in Ha;
votes is considerable. It is a curious sen
t- circumstance that those very parishes can
i in which the vote is the highest the rev
is Republicans have gained most. All con
is tlhe parishes returned as having fallen plo
- off in votes having been carried by I see
,- the Republican except Orleans.-N. brc
- O. Democrat. Ha
ii Tom Anderson follows Wells. Of ce
ly Anderson, however, it must be said we
that he made a much better run than
his fellow-member of the Returning hit
g Board. There are whole parishes on i
r- Red River where Old Mad did not gIet
a single vote. His appeal to his el
low-citizens to return him to Con- n
gress as a vindication of the return
ing Board has secured him a spare
y thousand votes. Anderson contented an
" himself with a simple State Senatorm
Sship, and sought his home, St. Lano
Sdry, for endorsement. ie had won
many triumphs in St. Landry; had
rcarried the parish by six hundred wO
majority only two years ago, when it th
went overwhelmingly Democratic on
n the State ticket. But only sorrow at
and failure awaited him there this
a time. Those "Anderson Domocrats
' who used to rally around him in days e
e past, have vanished. An analysis of
e the vole of St. Landry shows that ex
Sactly 48 Democrats, so-called, in the y
Sparish voted for him. Buried under
ra majority of over a thousand, it is b
likely that Anderson, after two fail
Slures to get into the Senate, will con
* tent himself with a retired country
life in future.-[N. O. Democrat.
Dave Young, one of the colored die- ,
taters of Concordia, who ruled that C
parish through the Republican party e
from reconstruction to this year, has
gic finally been retired permanently from
P. political life and drowned under the
ys Democratic tidal wave that has jost
e swept over North Louisiana. Young
erwas the political and religious head
ot and chief of the negroes of Concordia,
7', and had long ruled them with an iron
ve rod, dividing the offices of thepa e
r among his special friends aD4
fe own family. In a card pubP l . ee n
ick the Natchez Democrat n.poli
was Youang gracefully retires declares, a he
no cal life. He receiwotes it the par
tle majority of ovesrore elected repre- gc
he ish and warthe will not enter any
.m seetativ5l'is seat i6 the Legislature
cirl nteon at body will be Democratic.
i st dies, politically a man who
o trolled so thoroughly some 3000 a
negro votes that although well known
I; to be an embezzler of the public
i school fonds, none of the Republi
r can officials of this State dared to
tly prosecute him for his embezzlement. t
They knew his powers and feared
him.--N. 0. Democrat.
S England clames to have 140diffeiet
ick- sorteof religiot, aid yet s he has 1
any otbe~ . nDot.
N~'ew Orleans Pacifcl ltalro:al.
N. O. Pic: une.
Mr. S. L. James, ,essee of the 1.,- It w
iniana State Penitentiary and con- o , t
tractor for building the N. w ()ttns 11
Pacific Railrond, addressed the nmciin
hers of the Shreveport, Cotton Ex- in \
change on the 1;th inst. lie said in our
substance, as reported in the Slhreve- hop1,
port Standard, that the company has
contracted with a construction c.im- ",1
pany, formed of New York and New reSn~
Orleans capitalists, for the cmontli ;,
tion of the road from New Orleans to
Shreveport within two years. And, t'fr
if so ordered by the railroad com- t i'
pany, a branch to Marshall after the "'
toad to Shreport is completed. The he
N. 0. P. R. R. is negotiating for, and the
will probably consnmate, the pur- slui'c
chase of the already constructed line If tii
of railroad in iunning older, known i\hic
as the Bayou Goula Road, from Don
aldsonville to the latter place. In e
event of failure to purchase said road. "
the construction company will, in here
exercise of the tight conferred upon the
them by the original charter of the cals
New Orleans Pacific riailroad (all of
whose rights are delegated t tohe Tl'
construction company) of crossing ytCli
the Mississippi at Bayou Goula and
con:inuing their extension of the liP
road to New Orleans on the east b:anik p'
of the river. The work of grading dashi
has progressed southward from Alex- TI
audria to within fifteen miles of Bay
on Goula, and a heavy force is still at Orhe
work completing the gap between and
those places, and will continue so to mnCr,
work until its completion. Grading X
northwald from Alexandria has i
reached a point about fourteen miles have
from Pleasant Hill south. over
In the meantime the construction Capi
company have purchased iron sutli
cient to lay traek from Bayou Gorila
to Alexandria, and will commence W
laying down rails as soon as their ar- Citi
rival, which is looked for by Decenm- cot
ber let.
Mr. James further stated that on It
the completion of the road-bed to dt'f
Bayou Goula the force will commence
operations on this end, a force mean
while being engaged to lay iron from tic''
Bayou Goula, in the direction of the
Alexandria, and not to stop until that of I
labor is finished. The constructio it
company have furthermore purchased
and paid for engines and trains which clii
are soon to arrive. smul
The charter of the New Orleans that
Pacific Railroad requires the road to this
be completed and in running older,
from New Orleans to Shieveport, at and
the expiration of two years from date, Ical
but Mr. James states that tiirough mot
trains will be running between the 130
places within eighteen months.
It Will Not Do. regi
N. Y. World. Rel
The story of a Presidential pall
node transmitted to us from Washing- Rep
ton to-day may be .a hoax. But it call
I resembles the proclamation of a clique it.
i of politicians preparing the public
for the official announcement of their R
designs at least as much as the wild
invention of a parsisan newspaper. A
If the sentiments attributed to Mr.
Hayes in conversation with a repre
a sentative of the Washington Republi- j1k
a can were really uttered by him, the ciao
a revival of business throughout the I
i1 country is threatened by a deliberate rin
plot to rekindle Rt Washington the rin
rsectional strife which has alireadly na
.brought us so near to ruin. 3h. ri
Hayes is made to commit the indel- ite,
cenct of charging that thie electiins hit
were carried in the South by intimi- am
dation, just as Kearney says they ele
were in Massachusetts, and to pledge ,u
Shimself to protect the negro voters hil
with all the ingenuity of the Depart- ii
ment of Justice and all the power of iii
the Government. If the President ti
Sand his advisers undertake this evil in
work they will move with a caution s
e and an affected moderation which
Smay make their interference with the it
peace of the country more dangerous ti
than the brazen brutalities of Grant.
n We have supported Mr. Hayes in his tl
cd onciliatory policy earnestly and
Swithout reference to party lines, and "i
the report that he has abandoned it we 11
Sare nowilling to accept without con- n
firmation. It is his duty to carry al
out the laws and maintain the rights
of all citizens ; but he is the first ex- re
ecutive ofticer of the country, and
there is soniething scandalous he
Syond expression in the partisan out
Scry here attributed to him. The po
i liticans of the country, generally of r
i both parties have shown a wonderful J
Salacrity in misunderstanding the V
public temper and misinterpreting "
the meaning of this or that election.
But if this Washington story of tl4t11
- surrender of Hayes and Evarryto ~c
t Chandler and Conklin be wello. me
:t ed, this Administration is i. "
as sink below any of its -c,
-m
Lhe -
oat Cunningham and his
ng To MeesPr" organization of Natchi
ad m:
a, oundersigned desires to state in to
on .wer to your enforced pledge that
e has arrived in New Orleans, and Sli
m could not leave the United States on l
Snineteen dollars and twenty-five
cents, and, therefore, he has stayed
here to aecdmulate enough money to
r go further. Driven away from my
b home and six or seven thousand dol- at
7 lars worth of property, I can not
eleave here until I get means to re
Smove. Besides the presence of my S
h wife and child, now in Natchiteches, tl
must thus delay. I publish this card "
li because I was positively told that il
lit should I stop anywhere in the Uniied 5
to States, I should be visited by mem
' bers of youear organization. t
red A. B. BLUNT.
A bug bites the oyster, and lo ! a
tp parl begins to grow. A bug bites a
s ! otel guest, sad to I he leaps out of
as bed sad rwasu to knock somebody's
e1brzoW off., .
ý'1 I i - I,;S i heln i-ecovei'ed.
It w\ia tr:, l i I the (,lcei.t -230,000
ill Iit n , i t'. " ..'; ,,1 ti vald .
l .l h,!,t'1, o t ,, ;t, ate atriving
in . , 1.. V are to have
oftu ' :imtanl:l t , ' , t " . tIb" ' ('till w e
hoIp1' to:' i '
ulJol i . : , loli " of specio
ren , t ,ll o:c , i l:lin aIV Is t,
14i. I, i " n the look out
fl r I ;I '' l i ' .I:S 11  to fol
lu*i
'"lrir k i ,,,, I y i. the, leader of
the( i re' ( f' , 1ti,' l,1.y T he "party"
uc d('c l.', in' , " , : ...i;t: tii N orth over
it the ýl1.l"1 '.' 111 ,ilt ' htlc elections.
\ 11!11 ilin ,Ii -i a ,1inie ic , tut' that is
excllt v w\l\ it i; v, ~la;lized for.
We hear ' t.,; 'hll' " whispered
here Ifor I it he n, l'm lpose, to divide
the lbi m ,tots antd let iu tho Radi
cals.
The lRooc:ll slho.t up North are all
yellin' s,,lii :ontith'. :I l whooping
up (i;:rit. 'I , N'lt , "w Yo trk liera l
prol rerl\ lh "i nd 4 ltiltlt "it pack of
dashed fool;. .
The I vo 0 e 4,,0i10 olicialS ill New
Orlea s ,a i ' .:iling" light along,
ani like (Oliver Twist, are yelling for
illn ''e.
New % (hh'mi 1101 -dBaton Rouge,
have got into a itt vspapJier. qlarrel
over the re'ilt of the vote for State
Capitol. WVe ;' ill hold our breath
and wait for the Iii .t hh\w.
\Vo hav'e;t .- en Ihe Conshatta
Citi:ce fior tihree ceeiks. has it been
counttud til.
It leemls hlat, ntwillhitanding the
(defection li te, I )o-nttcratie States,
New Yolk, N'ow ,hlt vy iand Cointec-
tier,, f ml'trlll tiille  ic t a,.'rati+:. lire, thltt .t,
the Dili t'crl '" ,til holl the liousp
of Repiesentali is b1y it ha1lil.ome ima
jolrity \er all. 'TI: 1 Reltublicans
claiiii Ito be lie Vi io s, but as the
smiohe lifts, therv , lly thing,.but
i thait. Of th; 2,!I inieuibci electedl
this year !' 1 a ci clad ss ii . 1i 79,
iand her delel'lioi sotanidst 2 :Doiuo..
cats l iI 2 l ii Utll ilitus,) .the De
inm lcrti .V setl ., 1.1, Ii t iepublicans.
130, ait- the t; iet l acierI . .  u the
pres-ltt Cof2-1 'ii' laiil tit'rs alld, as
regards thle ::oJ, 153-1 Denlocriats, 1835
Republicaniis. 1'The nuet loss of the
Democrats aii e ost 3, and of the
Republicans 5. If this he a.llubh1i-,
1can victory the Deniocratt can'tsee
it, "
Rebel Claihns aiud Bloody Rlgites. '
A Wshi igton cil re.sniloiidenlof the.
New Oileais Democrat tells thbieugood
joke on ait bloody rag Northern politi
cian : .
I remCnle r a funnyv incident dq- *
ring the cit ,\ .. o, I ii i6 ini theiti te
rir ,,f Now Yo,,k. .\ loCal riidical
I lorator W ,s liabblill forthi to a cro-lt*
S toiii l l ileltie il a lace cailhtd L)Lso-..
S l ie , a l n d i ll tIh , C all l l , l_ o h is h ai li l l g Ui S
lie Ii' lloducii ti ihiiet-,i heelt jiist.r
- iiid read I'iolil it that it Tildet iweTda
F elecivd, t-li, South itanhiuhl iishten"
C miuse to Va hiil11 itn itIi two lid *
half lhillioll. iof 'la lch l claipilts," re.-.
lpidiat c i natioiil, debt,, iankrti pt
\f he tietisilly mlll laX thle Notlih to pay'
it te hills ! WherVIiiiin \ii t old farine
ii in lhe outskii'ts od the 'iaudieniic
II sung out:
ii 'sty, nistl ', how niiuch is it . Say
te it over tigaiii. I did not quito ketb
IS the tiggers ' '."
t,''Two billions and a half !' ahotited
is the emiilVo adical tilcti utnat ,man..
d "'h ( li-!," ri'' tiiinhde the ohl man,
d "i, that all f .nider it settleti
ie I'll pay it miysell Let 2tbat pass,
1 ziil tell 11 how miueh you Pi 1ty haa,
ri h'('ady stolh, n!"
ts Tho audience adjourned in an up
x- roar. •_
e- A Notable ('omiversat1 se~ it
it- - .o East, Gen.
•o Woniders nevvr .,inter~vioe witl!
of reported, thaltt \ liston. Here ii
ful James Shi.."
he Wendeldlils, inl the courioof'thti
agwho~aii.olni~,, excliniited,, withi oint
n*.,liestlie,,s : " " enl. hicidde, i wa L
'to see tlie Soiuthirn )Dnocieracy e
back into 1nissession of this Goverb
ment.."
Shields laughed, asked how that
could be, ifter be hait fought thie
Sonthern pe:'ile so hard.
''I know i1," *' id t'hilips, "bhlt
that was mi an count of slaivery. Slavl
ty is dead now, lllid I wani.thte iShat,1
to get colitrol of rite I Go.' trnm, ltn.
"'But yii ' uid to s y," added
Shields, 'that thl Sotti hel thw
lash iover the Niilthernl Ienlocracy. ~
"I know I did, inid tho.:Nerthoe
Deillerlai'y deserved itt0" )Ptpiii(1
oMr. Phillips. "We have no stat s
o nianship at the NoXithi. Ou'r'le'adi is
llare all iierceniary, lind tlietb is a
ot merceiill y taint about all outr leei
. lation. We want the old . style ptl
ny Southern statgttilnle, who , h/4 0
e thoughts above dollars, and wli
l legislated as they believei" for the
ird welfare of tic country ald lbot for
hat individual priolits. They had' 4 cot
led petelnce, aiid ihey ziert~d. tis if i(re
um n wete higher aiius ambaitiona mno 11n
tiem rare iceuinsuration ot" wealth.
i We Will\t, sa ieh iin CoisgrW i lllnd
in control, too." , .
es a The drnggiNt whmo .heitatet-- o, is
it of lost for the witnter. . Hn slipnlt (long
dy's together ofme sweet .oil anmd opian
and 1itipg out his cough c'i n,- a .
,.,"' ,< I: i i '