.. ... . .. . .. . . . ... .. . ... -- -__ . . . "_7 a r - _" -- _  - .'- - --'-  '----'
,ERMS, $2 Per Annum. THE WELFARE OF THE PEOPLE IS THE SUPREME LAW. SINGLE COPY, 5 Cents.
COL.6 II. NATCHITOCHES, LOUISIANA, JUNE 10 1876. N 39
~OL.II. 1;1LJ~ UV~L~l~L· I) I v Lu rv rv· MEN"I
MAIILaS.
ARRIVALS ANri D DPARTURES.
JEW ORLEANS, Red River Landing,
Sinumsport, Moreanuville,' Cotton
Point, Evergrieen, Cheneyville Kaino
nie, Wellswood, Alexandria, Cotile
and Clontierville, Arrive and do
part Mo:nday, Wednesday and Friday,
at 8 A. M.
SHREVEPORT, Spring Ridge, Kenchie,
Mansfield, Sunny-South, Pleasannt
H1ill a|nd Marthaville. Arrive Tues
day, Thurday and Saturday. Depart
Monday, Wednesday and Friday, at
8A. M.
IAN AUGUSTINE, Milamn, Sabinetown,
Pendleton, Many, and Fort Jessup.
Arrive 'Tuesday and Saturday. De
.art Monday and Thursday, at 7 A.
KoNDEN, Bnckhorn, Ringgold, Iverson,
Coushatta, Cappe's BUlff and Camp
to. Arrive Tuesday and Friday. De
ntl\Vednesdayand Saturday at 6. A.
7NlI.1EnLD, Atlanta, Montgomery, and
St. Maurice. Arrive Wednesday and
gaturday. l)epart Monday and Thnrs
day at 6 A. M.
ALL MA.ILS CLOSE AT 6 A. M.
Oco Hours-from 8 A. M. to 2 P. M.
nud from 3 P to 7 r M.
W. D. IHARKnS.
Post Master.
Professional Cards.
W. H. JACK. D. PIERSON
aolsae c Piersson.
Attorneys alnd Counselors at Law
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
tIL practice in the Courts of Natchitoches.
SMbllne, DeSoto. Red River, Winn, Rapides,
_.MaOrsnt, and in the Supreme Court of the
'3 Claims promptly attended to.
SSarh 25-lv.
i. MORSL C. F. DRANGUET.
hORSE & DRANGUET,
Attorneys at Law.
OIfBe on Second Street,
March 25-1y. Natcl toeke, La.
t l J* Canningham. T. P. Chaplin.
J. H. Cunningham.
Ctnningham, Chaplin &
Cunningham.
A qya and Cosuselors at Lawe.
i --'k. nis St., Natchitoches, La.
WILTL practice in the contts ot Rap
v r idea, Grant, Witta, Sabine, DeSnt;,
Red River and Natchitoches, and the
IllSame Court of the State.
IQlaims promptly Aitfeaded to in any
of the Union. March 2'5-l-y
SBusiness Cards.
___ ~ Stog
S. BULLARD- N. H. CAMPBELL
4 u3nllard & Campbell,
-DIALKrS IU
t GOODS,
GROCERIE6, 0
 HARDWARE,
General Merchandise.
Corner FRoNr k LAVAtitt Street, l
Natokitoohes, La. A
T cash ptle paid for cotton and
proee l cashor merehaulna.e
FRONT STREET,
tchitoches, La.
-DEALER IN
GOODS, Groceries,
ware,
Crockery,
Hats,
Cape,
Boots,
;Sti s as . Notions.
Cot a -l , *ad-,,_ýtt r prot.d
J. u. Alt
el e . A. Ia Y, -
ey's Brick Building,)
""-on, Natchitoches, La.
and Retail Dealers in
Goods, Groceries,
CAPS
BOOTH,
SHOES,
and Gbeneral MERCHANDISE
g price paid for Cotton and
Sp laue, in Cash or Mer
G00DS,,
G30E0BIES, and
a b?, `DINIS: Streets
V?~ ti1k,
Z 9rO1E
L. H. JURDICK, L CA.
General Land Agent. Ca
HAVING been Register if the ulnited
States Land otlice for years, I am FROS
prepared to attend promptly to all bus
inessco8nnetted with the Land Otlice at
Natchitoches, Now Orleans anti Washing- GURA
ton.
CHARGES fOD)ERATET (Inraria- SPRE
bly tn Advance.) directfri
OFFICE under the Telegraph OFIEr, kets, cor
NATCIIITOCHES. LA. DRY Gr
CL
. .. M
S.WARE
In fact
o A « gI A fall
r-All ofv
ýý g OI:LEA
Call n
SL. WLMSLKY. R. , WAILMSLEY plsatify
C.L. WALMSLEY & CO, try pro
COTTON FACTORS Marc
-AND
GENERAL COhMISSION 1MERCHINTS.
Perdido St., New Orleans, La.
Marchl 25--ly.
GRO(
0. .Mar
ny Theo. E3 laller ,_
Coper, 'in and Sheet-iron worker. T
-DEALER IN
_ Stovre, finware and House Furnishing
GOODS,
Washington St.,..-......athitothes, 1d
Sole agent for the Unrivalled (I
BUCKS BRILLIANT 50(
Cool.ing Stovoes. Fr
Gutters, Pipes, Metalie roofing and all.
kinds of repairing,done with dispatch. qutli
A liberal discount to country trade. Dt
SMach 25-. per
O D&N"IEL RATT'S I
IMPROVED COTTON il. Wo
PRICE REDUCED .
e4 O " pPer SaT.. Con
- (I WALMtSLE1'; Agent,
dMarch 25 ly _AV2CIHtOCHEIS, LA.
HARRY PrWY P
PARISH SURVEYOR
Gnent Land Agent.
TTILL attend to all serveysin 14atchi- of
YVtchBda rish, also attfend to theen
tries of lan at rNatchitoches, New Or
land leans and Washingtob, D. C.
er- amTs wrra enme5 s TO Al
Hen. Wm. M. Levy, Natcbhloohe~.' LL
Jack &,Pierson, Attoote at law.
Hon. Judge C. Caplin,
C. L, Wa~m ley & Ce, New Orleans.
All business intrutted to me i-il be
promptly attended to.
eets Offiee st te LAND OFFICE,
NiscarmOCe S, La
- t IDDAT, JOHN CAMBIS.
SSUDgDATH L CHAMBERS.
-I
I. C.V'PAII. AM. DIETIRICII.
Caspari & Dietrich,
 Lacoste Bnilding)
AND
FRONT St., NATCIIITOCHES, La. AN
GRAND opening of a NEW MAMMOTH G
SPRING and SUMMER STOCK, to
direct from the New Orleans and Easter mar. not
kets, consisting in;part of
DRY G'OODS, age
CLOTHING, tres
HATS, nes
flo0TS, Sar
the
SHOES, and
GROCERIES, lie
CROCKERY, age
HARD- ens
WARE, &c, &c. the
to
LADIES AND GENTS' to
FURNISHING GOODS. the
In fact, t
A full line of GOODS for the country trade the
All of which they are eolliug at less than N9 W wit
ORLEANS PRICES Wa
FOR CASH. p)e
IOU
Call and examine the largest and most com- leg
pletestock ever btonght to this market, and thut
satisfy yourselves as to their prices. vic
H Highest price paid for Cutton and coun pr(
try prodi#ci, in cash or merchandise. de
March 25--ly. Co
of
J. GC.-NO tt>s CO.,
- Dealers in- foi
DRY GOODS, No
GROCERIES, tot
K"
HARDWARE, and
for
GENERAL MERCHANDISE. go
WASHINGTON STREET.
MNatchitoches, La. an
March 25--1y.al
W
EI"Iarris Jaftr, lei
Front Street, Natchitoches, La. ti
--dealer in- -iI
dii
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, e
HARDWERE,
ca
AND GENERAL MERCHANDISE. It
(' Special inducement offered to Cash Cus. 0I
tomner. Marc 5-I v. tl
Weo
-STEAM- of i
nes
SAW MILL. tile
(Five Miles from Natchitoches.) red
50.000 Feet of Lumber for Sale. th
TERMS: ed
From 5 to 10 Dollars, (according to
quality) per M. at the Mill. stu
Delivered in Natchitoches, at $14 Ma
per M. sid
Match 25.--1y.
HENRY GENIUS, out
ter
Worker in Tin, Copper and by
: SHEET IRON.
Corner FRONT & TRUDEAU STS., th
NATCHITOCHES, LA. ye
pa
- teo
gu
co
in
id
10
DI
w
Is
Also, constantly on hand all kinds of
SfEATING AND COOKING STOVES
1. of ihe most improved patterns. t
L- All my stoves sold at city price and t
r guaranteed tO be as represented. Libr- C
eral advantages offered to the trade. a
Also, a fine stock of Tinware, Metallic A
A. Roofing, &c. a
Gutters and pipes promptly and care
e. folly repaired.
,o HENRY. GENIUS,
Corner Front and Trudeau Sts.,
Natchitocbes, La.
March 25 187'6.--1.;
WATObUMKE1
S op.n 8t DE1N Skeet
Watahee, Jewel ryTpoire
st elar rot a+;'"ýad hi aº w m nlsd
Ave a -U W %rkUa*hl k
-- f. 4 :
L, i& ý u;
:FkP)l 5..-i A 4A
T
"W'est Feliclana- I ,Poe
will I
The National Sentiment Concerning black
the "Last Outrag e." and t
Gove
AND WHIAT IS THiOUGHIT OF KELLOGG it the
AND CARi'ET-iAGGEIhS GEiNERALLY. ily Cl
thle a
What the Nw York Wo'rid says. CitiziF
SGov. Kellogg's attempt--a very V
lame one-confonnds him. We by Hoe
no means insist that lie instigated the bag t
' troubles at. Bayou Saran for we do hour
rnot think that lie would ise a negro into1
chicken thief or hogpcen bIrglhir aniid nllly
consent with hIi ; but i- and his sissil
agents at New Orleans aio cleally popu
responsible for the exaggeration of high
the act of repressing local lawless- her
ness into an act of foimentintag general Scott
lawlessness: The people of Bliiyou of al
Sara had suffered much from petty Chat
thefts of stock, poultry and grain, reve
and the negroes who had chickens to Only
lie stolen had, like the whit'ts in simn- Alati
ilar case, formed a protective union of ii
against those who woihl steal chick- even
)- ens. A white iman kdtectiing two of bear
these inaraudeurs, turned theml over and
to this triblfilal, which pnlrished thcem to
summarily and severely ; whereupon wile
the lay in wait for him, killed him putr
and woindedi a linero servant. The of L
;itter identilied the mlurderers, whom rose
le thercon a vigilance commnlittee of fiag
W whites hanged. Thus one white man bays
was killed by muirderers who hap- and
piened to be tiegroes, and his two logg
murderers were hanged justly, if not not
m- legally, and, if we are to judge from step
od the severe scourgings they hadi pie- orn
viously received, with the full ap- bags
pn proval of their fellows. On this slan- ing
der foundation Antoine, Kellogg and ing
company lMild their superstructure wor
- of falsehood, alleging that sixty nie- the
groes had already been butchered, upo
*o and many whites, and that armed whi
forces were harrying the peaceful ton!
country with fire and shot-gun. The wer
Northern Radical press sounded the the
tocsin and hung out the bloody shirt; Wh
Kellogg fell on his knees and begged lion
for troops, and for a moment all was clot
gore and gas and gaiters, Sou
But, alas ! the times havechianged, pov
and we with the times. As 'thle Her- spit
aid observes, there has been' "a fail- thel
ure of Republicans and Democrats at the
- Washington to enthuse." Mr. Kel- less
logg received a strong hint that if hicl
there were troubles in his bailiwick, the
his place was there, and his duty the tore
discovery of their nature, cause and ism
extent, and their repression. Mr. upC
Grant looked coldly on this double our
carpet-bagger, and it is needless to pro
say that Mr. Pierrepont did as Mr. min
.us. Grant. If we except Mr. Morton and be
. the aiatiional Bapiublican, Mr. Kel- fiat
logg met with little inmpathy at the
a capital. Finding That his pinump A
would not draw, he relaxed his grip'
of its handle; and then came the
news that the military had beeu on tin
the ground all the time but had de- gat
clined to interfere for the very good Inn
reason that there was no gi'ound for tio
their interference, caI
le. This bloody-shirt business is play- silt
ed out. We have supped full of we
to outrages, and are too feasiliar with gai
the spectacle of the real live Kukluix hu
stuffed with straw, the United States thi
Marshal who shoots his hat and there- vo
on consigns the people of a country
side to jail, and all the other puppets a I
of the farce, to feel either awe or in- the
terest. It is perfectly understood tit
that in nine cases out of ten these ly,
outbreaks are fictiti'o.us, and that the an
tenth has been deliberately fomented du
md by some such desperate politieatl ad
venturer as Kellogg or Ames. o
We have one reflection inspired by in
the times, that we would commend
to our Republican friends, This is a ki
year when foreign nations are paying el
particular attention to American mat- v(
ters. If their representatives are
gulled by these gigantic falsehoods hI
concerning4 a whole people, their re- at
port will not redound to our credit or
benefit. If--iethey are likely to do w
-they apprehend the truth concern
ing the tihe situation, then their re- w
port will be even more damning, and
damaging, since the American Gov ai
ernment will be written dowu as pIer
mitting and perpetuating trocities I
without a par~llel in the rient his- t,
tory o any other countr3. If thlere a
be any respect for the interests of the
land, if any affection for its fairli
falme, there will be no more of this j
crying "War! wart" when there is no b
war. If the people of Louisiana were
less law-abiding than they are, the
man who has so long plundered and a
outraged themn would not now be at
s of Washingtou whining for troops. r
VE8 What thefoew York Heoald 4says.
Secretary Taft is much pleaseil with
the report concerning the Louisiana
and toubles which lie has received from
Lib- Gen. Auguar. He seys these advices
Ie. show that the troubles are at an end.
tallic All the dispatches received were read
at thle Cabinet meeting to-dayi and
care- the course of Geu.,,Augur approved.
The Secretary's orders to Gen. Augur
were to "keep within the Constitu
, tion," and avoid any complication
with the elivil authorities. In fact,
the'Southern outrage business d'e8
La not, so far, prpsper here, and. there
is lino disposition to esnce'rage Fed
i oral interference in' tlhe local afiairs
of the'States: , gioo deal of re
Smark Is o'ei .0oned 'of the fact that
, while0 t.coording to. Qov. Kellogg,
l rtl, are serious disturbances in Lou
isiana, so grave as to iiid him to ar
a 'geptly'demand Fedrai interference,
6, ltot bljy reainia herei but his men
.rmst with him, spending their time n!
3aa ) |,WingtW , hlr~pnithe l jutant
;U liitie 8tnili% M lathl i thterk Of
epeled the Metropelliha Pdlie, s1bodywhich
i!-iika [the GoverMi arn ,aSieat wAifd:A. any
d-; IiiiiL be
Z ;if" tr" .l"re T-eilly e -don
State, to assist is
some counties of Louisiana, cinreis A
will be committed by both whites and
blacks, leading to angry retaliation Amo1
and to consequent disorder, but if the back I
Governor andl hi su dinats iate weic Gen. Ci
at their posts of duty they could eas- hostile
ily enforce the laws and would have lage o
the assistance in so doing of good abando
citizens. oei to
What;the St. Lois lfepublir.in says. Solie.
How, one after another, the carpet draIwin
bng tyrants who strutted their brief i'ilitat
hour upon the Southern stage fall form, a
into the hands of avenging NemesiS. 'iorl he
OInly a little while ago Ames, of Mis- We ha
slssippi, was in full bloom. Now a taijili
popular earthquake has fling hini 101ol d
high and dry into a Minnesota lu i natur"
her yaid. Only a little while ago that th
Scott, of South Carolina was monarch tored
of all he surveyed. Now lno dog inll repres
Charleston is poor cuough to do hinm trains,
reverence with a congratulatory hark. hligiw
Only a little while ago Spencer of figures
Alabama, ruled his State with a rod tar'edl
of iron and cheek of brass. Now rifles
even the village Postnast ers pluck his lattces.
beird and cast their scorn in his teeth, parties
and the very Senators who allow him tribes,
to sit among them lhold their noses peciall
a when thigi embodiment of political scenees
iputrefaction conies too near. Kellogg the l
of Louisiana is left alone, the last solice
rose of a dismal summer, fading yet Sin
fragrant still. But though Federal is quit
bayonets have fiurnished him again picture
and again with a spinal columnl, Kel- The
h logg is visibly weakening and can longed
not much longer survive. When he if that
steps down and out all the brightest pea:i s
ornaments and exponents of carpet- that a
baggery will have vanished-noth- der.
ing gracing their career like the end
1 ing of it. What a constellation of A
i worthies they are! How proud will Th
the next Centennial be to look back
, upon that era in American politics our la
d when blatant loyalty a bloody shirt, ago:
iI tough conscience ansd greedy fingers dings
a were tile all-sullicient credentials of case s
e the viceroys of the Republican party. was r
When men, who In their Northern men a
ii homes, could not obtain a suit of never
a clothes on credit, were placed over but de
Southern States and held there by the So, p
, power of the general government, in the to
spite of the protests and prayers of their
their victia.s. When thieves clad in all th
it the Republican purple plunder a help- into t
- less people and made peace the ve associ
if hicle of more terrible afflictions than value
º, the tumults of war. When "our res- then
e tored Union" was the dirtiest depot- the a
d ism the sun of liberty has ever shown ril
r upon. Surely a country which has that I
o survived such an ordeal ought to be the y
Lo proof against any and all trials that req'i
r. may await it hereafter-and it will purit
I be if the example e have set is a ty, I
w- warning to our successors. reas
1e -- Chmri
'p A Scene in the Sheriff's Office. virtu
ip the I
le The newly elected sheriff was sit- the p
in ting in his office sad eyed and hag- vice,
- gard. Ile held in his hand a stack of In
id manuscript representing the applica. our
or tions of eight hundred and seventy high
candidates for positions of deputy ers;
y- sheriff, each of whom said he had less
of worked for him at the polls, and had drinl
th gained him all the way up from two there
ix. hundred to one thousand votes from ful g
es their personal friends who did not to w
e- vote the opposition ticket. refor
y- A man attired in a blue shirt, with not
its a paper collar and a red nose, entered your
n- the office, and, grasping the hand of inue
A the tired official, greeted him cordial- hart
se ly. Ah, Mr. Sheriff, but it's glad I men
lie am to see you looking so hearty; espe
ed don't you remember m et" the
d- "I don't think I do," renmarked tile
oftficial, "although there Is something I
by in your face which is familiar to me." rh,
ud "Ah, Mr. Sheriff, I thought you'd Jou
sa know me. I worked for you all day stor'
ng election, and got you one thousand filu
at- votes, and I comein for that place." mad
are "Well, I am sorry to say that I puts
ds have already ipromised all the pkrces drn
re- at my disposal."
or "Oh, give me a place; I don't care mni
do what it is.'" eve
rn- "Oh, by-the-by,'~ said the sheriff, aro'
re- with a malicious grin in his eye, wif
od "there is a place, but it's not much, and
v anid I don't thinki you'd take it." sift
er- "AhI, Mr, 8heriff, I'll take anytlhing: ter
ies I don't care what kind of a Iplace it as
is- is. Tell mne what it is, and 1'1 up aglp
ere at it with my coat off." by
the "'All right,'4 said the sheriff; "there wat
fair is a man going to be hanged at tie ad
this jail next month, and hie wants some- yot
no body to take his place, I think it yet
ere will suit you."
the The man with a red nose cease to F
and smile, and asking time sheriff for a but
e at quarter to pay for his lodging tlhat age
night, he left thle office nd mingled wh
with thie throng of would-be deputy sit
sith sheriffs on the outside, pu
iana ! on
rom A FAMtIr Scxal.-'Orville Grant!' the
iees yelled the President, seizing listrem- as
end. bling kinsman by his left ear and thm
read wrenching it violently; "You are a an
and pretty sort of brother; you're t nice av
ved. third term eardine, alu't yo'ea !"vi
,gr Did I mean to hmmi; you in whimp- nc
titu- ered the offender, Did I say who got ev
tion part of the maoney 8ppo n I'd do id
fcts anything against the family t" th
es "Idiot!" shrieked the President, ly
hiere ghtening his rp and jerking tihe to
Fed- misierable culprit to and tro. ed
Iairs "Let o of' me," cried Orville, hiso*
fre- wrath lisirag. "Iaet P my ear,' 'Liss w
that GIrant, or I'll msake such Interesting
logg, reading for this people that novrs
Lo u- won't be nowhere."
utu Then ils exceleasny relazed his it
nce, grasp and sank back exlhausted on a tJ
men pile of emnpty cigar boxes, while Or- ti
a in ville, gathering up his quivering sar
itant icular, strode moodily out of the room
puty for a bottle of arnica.--Broolrhi Ar
* of go' .
which I
auy A eorres dent entered an olee
, the a cicd tlie compositor of not
oall having punetnated his commtaunioca
ib low, when the typeearmest~l replied:
"raL'm not a poeinter ).l'm aetter.
k din .., . *
A Sioux Warrior's Diary. F
A mong the interesting relics brought
back by geltlncien connected with
Gen. Crook's recent expedition against Tlhe
.hostile Ilndians, and found in the vii in eve
lagt. of Crazy Horse, after it was of bhit
I abandoned by the lhnd, and previ mCen Id
ol to its destriition by Gen. Crook's folrce a
asoliers, was a .book1 full of carious in a t
drawingg, which appear to be the large a
m iilitaly record, expressed in picture tion-l
folnrm, of somle tioe of t.hie young war- the va
rirS belonginlg to the Indian band. it, is
W\c have stccn the book, which con- only a
talil manyll sketches remarkable for It profi
b 1old delineation and t.ruthfdulness to farmnet
nature, bearing in mind, of course, which
º that the sanme is the work of an untul- give
Stored Indian artist. The pictures spend
1 represent attacks onl American wagon the cx
trains, parties traveling along the ciety.
highway. In a'`. 2tliWinst:auces femnle Ro1e
f figlle ocellr. The victimls are pic- of th
I tlred as being scalped, shot with found
rifles and and arrows, and stabtbed with citemt
l :nces. In some of the pictures the who is
parties attacked are Indians of other see di
tribes, Crows and Piawnees being es- r acq
s pecially noticeable. Nearly all the they a
scenes ale painted in bright colors* age th
the bhle uniformls of the muidered No'
soldiers and the red trappings of the fixed,
Sionx braves are especially vivid. It capita
Sis ,qulite certain that every scene so may I
p1 pictured was an actual occurrence. with I
. The warrior to whom this book be- a natt
longed has a very sanguinary record, siness
e if that isý:true." The book itself ap- contel
at pears to have been an account book and t
. that was stolen from some post-tra- cIphl
. der. It bears date 1869. ony .
- - his he
,f A Flew Words to OarlGirls. fitted
11 profit
k The pastor of a church in one of succe
our large cities said to moe not long who I
ago: "I have officiated at forty wed. to be
ra dings since I came here, and in every who I
case save one, I felt that the bride the ir
was running an awful risk. Young ing tc
men of bad habits and fast tendencies is oft
never marry girls of their own sort, as to
but demantd a wife above suspicion. tillag
h So, pure, sweet, women, kept from devel
in the toLch of evil through the years of withl
of their girlhood; give themselves witL him
i all their costly dower of womanhood, labor
into the keeping of men who in base thing
e associations, have learned to under- to or
an value all that belongs to them, and who
s- then find no place for repentance in suce
i. the sad after years. pines
SThere is but one way out of this earth
I that I can see, and that is for you- Ila
be the young women of the country--to educ
gat require in association and marriage perst
ill purity for purity, sobriety for sobrie- rules
a ty, honor for honor. There is no speal
reason why the young men of this appli
Christian land should not be just as part
e virtuous as its young women, and if conti
the loss of your society and love is menl
it- the price they are forced to pay for train
ig. vice, they will not pay it. ahen
of I admit with sadness that not all of thei
ra. our young women are capable of this such
mty high standard for thlemselves'or oth- emp
Ity ers; too often from the hand of reck- heal
lad less beauty has the temptations to tiis
lad drink come to men; but I believe her
wo there are enough of earnest, thought- spec
om ful girls in the society ot our country cent
not to work wonders in the temperance excr
reform, if fully aroused. Will you fami
Ith not then, dear girls, be so tine to the
red yourselves and God, so pure in your are
I of inner and outer life, that gyou shall well
ial- have a right to ask that the young trut
d I men with whom you associate, and tion
ty; especially those you marry, shall be inte
the samet met
t ile 11111
ling Iow t'~ Vounts.-A man in Deco- cdg
e." rah, Iowa, says the touisville Courier- tito
u'd Journal, got some whisky at a drug tak
day store, and while under its benign in- of
and flusnce, had his hands and feet so iuf
badly frozen that they had to be alu age
at I ptlltated. Then his wife sued tihe 1u1
iees drtggist for damages and recovered Wit
$9,500, which was probably twice 'as not
Care much as she expected to get. And wI
ever since tlhen, whenever a man cul
trif, around there started down town, his far
iyc, wife follows him to the front door, be
uch, and tenderly says: "Jeems, it look sel
sift was gwine to be monnsus cold on cer
Ilg terward the shank ou' the evenin', aid to
re is, as you'll nat'rally be tol'rable tired enI
unp 14agin that time, if I was you I'd cue m n
by the dreg store and hist in a nice, rem
here warmt drink otgood spirets, and fetch ral
Stile a drap or two home with you, which is I
me- yEou'd better drink it all, though, as Ie
k it sum cn along yourself." the
me to 8truy.-To study sncecessfilly, the till
or a body manst be at.ease, atdtiiue nnuau- It
that aged with great economy. Persons an
gled who study ntany' iouns in thelday ev
puty shllould "erhlaps have two separate n
pursilta going on at the same time- - '
one for one partod tilhe; day, aind the tl
ant!' the other for the other ; and these of til
;rm. as opposite a nature as possible, that
r and thile tind may be refreshled by chanuge,
e a anrd all thie bad effects of lassitude A
nice avoided, There is one piece of ad
vice in a life of stuty which we think
imp, no one will object to, and that is,
1ogot every now and againu to be comtpletely
4 do idle; to do ntiling at all; indee~1,
this part ot a life of study is conlmmon- P
ident, ly considered as so decidedly superior
g the to the rest, that it has almost obtain.
ed an exclusive preference over those
e, le other parts of the system, with whichP
Liss we wish to see it conmnected.
Iovels A bricklayer recenutly died in Lon
don who was found to have the hear- 1
4 his lest brain on record. It weighed six- I
on a ty.fve ouneep Thie man eould nei
,e Or- ther read nor write.
mrott It is the wife who has the .making
Ia Ar of a muan's home, says an exchange.
True, and now and then she makars
- his wig warm too.
f' not A circs with a lunch counter at-*
aica- tached, we have reason to believe, I
plied: woold draw well here at present.
.... ~--- -
"That's pinA too far," as the Boa
b ten mano Id when his wife ran away
drto an Franciao with another man.
I ic ' Eighth Clors-those In the rajabo w.
Farm and Household.
Business Habits.
The secret of a great many failure.s
in every kind ,of pursuit is the lack
of business hdabits; and to no class of
men does this fact apply with greater
force and unifoimity than to farmers.
In a general point of view-taking
large areas of country into consider:.
tion-the cultiva~tion of the soil. with
tlhe various departments included in
it, is so poorly performed that the
only wondellr is how it yields as large
a p'rolit as it does. There are many
farmners who appear to think that all
which is necessary to sIccess is to
give orders to their hired laborers and
spend day after day themselves in
the excitements and frivolities ofso
ciety. They cannot be contented at
hoiue or in looking after the interests
of their bnsiness, but are forever
found here, and there, hunting ex
citement or pleasure. A stranger
who is a practical man would come to
see directly tha:t these men have nev
er acquired business habits, and that
they are wholly incompetent to man
age their own interests with wisdom.
Now, business habits, thoroughly
fixed, are far more important than
capvital. With the former, capital
lmay" be, and often is, acquired ; while
with the latter, it is sure to be lost as
a natural result of inattention to bu
sines. Thile man who is not most
contented while pushing his business,
and whose miind is not constantly
employed in devising means of econ
oniy and a better adjustnent of all
his business relations Is wholly un
fitted to control capital of any kind
profitably. The hard-worker alone is
f successful among men. The farmer
who brings all his intellectual powers
to bear steadily uplon lhis occupation,
who is observant of facts, who seeks
c the most certain knowledge pertain
; ing to each interest in his charge, who
s is often engaged in experinmenting so
as to discover the best methods of
tillage and the best conditions for the
n development of animals, and who
f withal is careful of what nature gives
I himn as the reward of his painstaking
I, labor, and who has reduced every
e thing in his family and upon his farm
to order and to aid his calling, is he
d who always succeeds and finds in his
u success the means of the purest hap-'
piness that man can enjoy on this
is earth.
Slabit is at last the perfection of
o education. There are thousands of
e persons who know nothing of the
. rules of grammar, who nevertheless
in speak correctly from habit. Constant
is application of the mind and hand im
ts part superiority. Habit also brings
if contentment, which is the chief ele
is went of happiness. Thoroughly
sr trained business men are most happy
when engaged in the discharge of
of their daily work. It is seldom that
is such men seek relaxation from their
. employments, and never, except in ill
c- health, for any leungth of time. But
to this is not true of a very large num
re her of farmers-the class we have
t- specially in view. They are never
ry contented in thleir bsiness, mut make
ee excuses to get away from it. Their
on families are apt also to partake of
to the same spirit, and these idle habits
or are sources of constant disasters as
lil well as much misery. It is a general
ng truth that men's success is in propor
ud tion to their close attention to their
be interests and strict economy. We
mentioned that the successful farmer
must be constantly seeking for knowl
o- edge, yet there are hulndreds and
r. tlhousands offairmers who do not even
ng take a newspaper, or if they do it is
in- of a character that can give them no
so information in their calling. In this
at age thile farmer who ignores the vast
tIe unotnt of agricultural knowledge
d with which the press is teeming can
as not reach the success whichl those do
ad whlo keep themselves posted in agri
an culture. Knowledge is power in
his farming as well as in anry thoing else,
,o, because agriculture is strictly a
k science, and hence it intimately con
on cerns the farmer to know as well as
ad to do. Every m:n should seetk to
red ennoble his calling, as well as to
m n1 make mloney. These results can be
ice, reached onlly through constant apldi
tcel cation and steady Iperseveranlee. It
icl is much more ifllicult to take care of
as money than it is to make it, henace
the necessity of the utmost care in
keeping ithe expenses of the fairm and
the thie family to the lowest muiinimunm
-. that is consistent with goodl tillage
ons and comfortable living, and adopting
day every new method of farm lanlage
r ate ment and culture, which experience
- proves to be of superior utility.
tie There is need of a more intelligent
of tillage and general mintagenient of
thnt farm business than are brought to it
g, by the masses who follow this pnrsait.
And even the nmt ladvanced htas still
much to leahrn.
i s According to experiments made by
tely M. Tisseranit, In France, cream rises
e most rapidly as the temperature ap'
Sproaches tb thirty-two degrees, tim
eior volume of cream obtained is greater,
an . the yield of butter is superior, and
tho the qnality of cheese and batter is
particularly fine. Milk cooled down
to thirty-seven or thlirty-ineu degrees,
by means of a rumn'ing stream of
Lon- spring-water, will, according to M.
lea- risseramnd's experiments, yield ten
s- per cent more butter than when
I ei- maintained at a temnperature of fifty
seven degrees. These facts are im
portant, not only to all who have
large or small dairies, but likewise to,
ating all who make butter (or tlrheir owk,
age. Use
Rice Muflhns.--l pint of rice, I cp-o.
er at- ful of milk, 3 eggs, and as much flour
ieve, as will make a batter the consistenes
p. of pound-cake batter.
Bo-o - Good Ginger Brca WVithout Eggs
away -One eupful of mdlasses, one smll
man. cnpful of shortening, one-half copfaul
-of cold water, onle large teanspoolful.
rbow* of stuat, ue to.ilspoonfll ginger.