a~mlrs C'jrs sir
targeal Circulaion of ialny
Country Paper fn the State.
Rates of Subscription.
(o e Year.......................... $2 50
Six Montht...................... 1 50
'No sAbscriptionl taken for less than 6
months.
f'ARISHI AND CITY NEWS.
Business dull.
Weather warm.
River declining rapidly.
The crops are needing rain very
badly.
Criminal matters come up next
week.
bee card of Beverly Tucker, '-eeralI
Collection Agent, in this issue.
Those julep and other little delicacies
that Dan fixes up for the thirsty, have
been in great demand during the past
week. The Phoenix is the center of at
traction as a place of re'ort.
Rain is rmunch needed in some wactions 1
of this and adjoining pari:4hes. and we 1
are informed that unless they are slhortly I
blenssed with it, serious danage i itl i,~
done the crops. r
Judge J. 1B. oifobinsona law Carl
appears in this week's TVindicalor, t
and we comintendl him to our trierds
as an able metnuher of his profession.
Licenses will be paid in currency, v
as that is set apart for the pnrpose P
of providing for the payment of cur
tent erpenses, as no mhore parish pa- b
per will be iessued. I
H i
The VINDICATOR ham been selected it
as the OFFICIAL ldtilflAL of the Par- t'
Ish of Natcilitdches; it is the first 't
DEemoctallc )iaper since 1868, that has "
e0ye.t that distinguished honor in
this pirieh. l
The Police Jury had an arduous thi
leesion of four days duration, after a n
thorough and complete iorganization; th
and we commnend their proteedings to
a careful perusal. "li
- Oil
Now that the District Cohit is ill sea. tlh
sion, would it not be a good ialed to have
that 'meeting of leading citizens'" for
the purpose of organizirng an "Agricnul
tural and Immigration Society-" We
tbink that something should he done be
sides "talk," about "settling up the In
eb6ntt# and building factories." t
--- L:
saniuiattdnis of applicants for po
gitiais ad School Teachers take place
on !obday's of each week, at 12
o'cloe M. IRecomiendations from
patrbtiA its to character of tlie appli
tant, must te presented in order to Dl
insure consideratilon.
Witnesses summoned at previous 7
orma of Court in ences on Docket, "
WI
'Ml not be resuminoiied, bIut are re- 1,.
quired under the law to attend frontm es
term to term, and day to day until d
discharged by the Court; If witness- R
b do not put f an ap earailnct, they ml
Pr
will be attacherd by the Judge.
Mr. Cisteitfnbs, one of the leiading re
irlmialD lawyers of the Crescent City; i
id oin a visit of business to our city, r
ad paid his respects to6 or sancturni. w
We feel honored in having met Mr. 1w
Castellanoe, and commend him to the de
kind hospitality of our people, many al
ifibom he is acquainted with.
Iith s een a busy week in our T
btherwise usually quiet town. Dis- "i'
tiCt and Parish Court have been in at
smeuion, as well as the Police Jury, inj
add an unusual number of people th'
thl
have been called thereby to our an
Itreets. tel
An absence of negroes is noticed ?
meond the Court House during the (10
week. The glory htad charm of "sar- wi
via on de jurn" has worn off, and as 101
Packard aib't ib, anI there is in con- we
sequence nb pickings and stealings, of
<the
bawiUons is Dot brisk for political pt
meadteanta.
las
We have had the pleasure of meet- se
leg Judge J. B. Robinson, lmte,and an
for maby years of New Orleans, now or
Ibted at Coneshatta, Rod River par
ab in tsre practice of his ffpofeasston, we
tihLtr; The Judge is wellarid fa- thi
Walibly known to all our leading citi- t
hasaagendtleniat of iureproaehaNe titl
laster, bod miarked abilif, amid III
&iSt~Willat among os is A valuable tii
ajqhihi~f i to Noithwest Loousiana.
ant
ab.Jeme MY~olse, the Artist, has in
dlllai hibe master-piece, a hunt- fitl
seese, with pertrahte of well tr
1a Witiadeua8n astii; lnhtees. rtin
.~~r6~ise td6 ral1e off the pie- t1l,
. lsh isae sgadiicent piece of an
UsLEwowk, sad the itbuot will be gei
u to have his iportrait pafuted th
Sth pltateo, should it nut now be. geB
TWhe ggs ibfldad on the shores of a Co
lle,* ' t pl(g hi perfectness of
outline sad shaded; and is in our Orl
opinioo an artlstia geit of more than ma
ddtiwnaryerit. - i
- --'--chr
r. Chaurie Casez, of o rteb, dii
tdtofring justly deservd' fame thi
dm'4&iliet. Mr.v(;asks' enploys wi
at modthbif of tidattbbot fi' eye Wa
~ssws andhlissiteces ii some Yery a
hIuult and shranioeoases has been qut
U O. For ordinary sore eyes Mr. Thr
Yez mrequires but a daJy or two to she
S Permenent and hAting-ecte. on<
% hq tha t he remedy prepared ti
4 IIEimetes will become widely ger
aet, WYhidoes not our friend! La- ful
iauesp thle pireparationon' sale 1'
We hear ho complaints of sickness in
Sthis sectitmt, A.nd the fact is, our physi
cians are looking blue a(lnd unhappy.
tY notwith!linding that the citizen is se
verely the reverse. We don't wish our
Doctor friends any harm, huit we pray
that the preselnt depression in their
50 trade will continue for all time.
Sf) *-----*4'~~*4- -
6 Clergymen, IBanke ms, Book-keepers,
Editors, and othes thait lead lsedentarylt
lives, will find, much rtlief froim thlie fr
quent h hie'ta''bes. inervouisness and con
stipation engent1ered from want "F ex
ercise, by takinig Siintois' Li'er Regu
lator. It is a harmless cveg i(all ictir
pound; it caan do nio injury; and ntthi
bers who have tried it will confhilently
asstrt that it is the best ri'ieedc tht canI
be used.
-- - r e--- - ---
Ile said his "front" naii'f was Captain
t Charles J. I)u lFroe, of East Baton RoIwe
int "meore re o' ly" from Ward No. 7.
al Capt. C. J. I)u F., came to town for the
pirpote of telling the new schonol board
what beo knew albout 'aching the young
, idea, in return fur which hie tdesirpedl a
e '"firt grade certificate.'' Ie ftailedl to
Sget t a l-earing before that honorable hody,
t- int succeteded in getting hiis skin fi!jof
"nickel-plated bng-j jice, alnd making a
circus of himnself gaierall;-. ine tiof lthe
is hoys took hile in tow, and for his espe ial
,e beneflt, organized a 'board" and gave
lv himn an examination and his mincmli coveted
thank- to the \IN liClTrt, abandoned f t
the, Itini-rtots of iour city, arle now eligag- a
ed in exhifitinlg their iuideneiss to lthe
Ia.dih' and "hillhen who take e''eni'tg Ii
,' valk c il fi: cool banks of the liver a
a parallel with WVslhtuigttnm street.
ti
.been since s conk( reineumber, the regur- et
gar bathing place, bit, ' our boys" per- c'l
gist in floating clown into the city, and g
iii fact, strip tif iat the clity and take a lil
swim against the wishes aundl remoni- tit
,stratnce of every decent person in thie "
nIigh ' b'rhood.
We I'a'Inestly ask our city Marshal to ii
"haul in" a dozen or so of thie larger a
leaders in this business, and let our wor-I
a it
thy Mayor teach theum a lesson in mtanm fj
ners they will not soon forget, Iby lining tin
them heavily. Al
Withont irbtendinn td sai t will
"minister to f rnilrt dlisieas'd, or Ipluck
out rootedl sorfrow," &e., we do aver that
the 'prudent se otf llome r ttomiiach Bit- san
ters w ill promote' health aind longevity. es
F MARRIED.
It t
GCraEnA x- IERTZOG - On Tucs'Iay, >
Jurne 5th, 1877, at the, Catliedrail 'f the
Immaculate Conception, by the Rev. Fa- (
a
ther Martin. Mr. Leon Grenc:oax to Miss8
Laura lertzog, all of this city No cards. o
Special Correspondence to the Vindicator. i
News from Our Friends.
NATCHITOCIHES,
NAXrcurrocdI:s, June' 4. 1677.
Mr. Trlitor :
o'lo-day our Districrt Court Imeets, and
it. teir, theli first within a ecadile of
s y ars utnder a governumet of tIl people,
ivithi all its brauche4 in haruounions
working ortder. trinaiilitv anl (coti
- <h inec restored, is looked to ly -ll c ass
1 es of our populatiit with no unusuaal I
degree of interest. 'T'he liar, here, as
everywherou thrAughout the worldl, the
RG AReacto of the legal machinery, tiji
t adjuster of its conmplications ; the inter.
preters and expounrders of itsi granthnr.
and the fairainunt upon which pullirc
opinion and public sentitm 'tt in tlet.
I respect invariably rest, have a wideit
lield for tliheir ambition to day, and
whilst defending the litP, rights and lil
*erties of man, will not he nuindltful as
well as the Court herself, that society at
Slarge looks to them for a correction otf
those abuses which have been so lightly
B dealt With in the past. Judge Pierson,
Salways an ornanient to the liar of Natvlhi
tolhes, wi!l prbve no less so as the judi
cial head of this District, and with
Messrs. Levy. Jack, Morse, LDrangetr.
r Tucker; the Chaplins andl others, will
win aulditional laurels.
The Police Jury of this parish, so long a
a thorn it the side of the people, insult
ing tliem with the partisan nature of
their acts, ridletictilitig t1o source whence
they derived t.htit authority, heedless of
any and everiy thfing so far, but the in
terests of a Rin, wtlhin t Ring, will
also meet to-day with the newly appoint
ed Jutnors in attendaice, and thebo citizens
in this pazit of the parish, together; noa
doubt, with those fronm all porits thereof,
will expect spec 'y, protipt and perettpl
tory action from their uhands. Thel gen.
tlewren appointed aby Uov. Nicholls are
well kilown, and will consult the wishes`
of the people whmin they represent, for
they are of the people and from the f
people.
The School Board of this parish, at
last composed of worthy and competent S
gentleiten, Iho know andL feel the greant
want of education amongst the nmajority
f ouir young boys, will also meet to-day,
or sometime this. week. They have a
greAt duty to perform towards our youths.
They are fathers themselves, and can
wellj tige of the anxiety of others for
the proper.rmoral, and mental traiuing of
all our children. Let no one be selected
to teach them trho i9 .not thoroughly
fitted to the task-and let the examina P
tiion i f all applicants as teachers, he a
rigid and exacting ; let kowlenge, Iast- J
tive knowledge be the standard. In is
an honorable andl ditfficult calfing; gi
dodet, bis satudef. Tleie arl maby worthy
and Conmpetent founl'iadies .and gentle
min .ihioughout this parish admirably
fitted for a pooltioq, 6f tlis kind, and we
trust the Boaid will not lose sight of R
them.' It is not n'ecessary to inmporit ant.
(we shoul4 rather export some), for
t'hey live and tid6'e ah our veri midst,
arid tiec as honorable and dcirv'inig ias
any to be found elsewhere. See to it,
gentlemen; the fathers stid mothers of
this parish expect it of you. With a
Board of Examiners composed of such
gentlemen as Messrs. Jack, r'anglifet andl
Cosgrove, the meal front thi mrll'idust
be ground flue.
The defeat 6f the railroad tax in New
Orleans a short time ago by so large av
majority, was a disappointment to the
supporters of the Road in this parisn.
We understand that the result of this
check will, in all probability, lead to a
discontinuance of work' on the road in
this parish, at least, by the present Com
pany. The VINDTCATOR reimatke that it
will plt New Orleans fifty yearsi back
ward. Great Cas(sai'r how far back then
will it put NatchitochBes
There is no news yet 6f a'by cebse
quence, that is, in the way of localisms.
The crops,' notwithstandtig the want of
rain, are doing well-butt a copious
shower would ive additional growth
and vitality to a I plants, and be a friend
ly visitor to every one. The health in e
this section, as far as we can learn, is in "
general, very good, and we are all thank
ful for it.
Youts, &,c., S
HOTSPUR;
s in LovPIvoY, Natchitoclhes, La.
t~i. j June 5th 1h7 .
I'P U .'r. ditlor :
ise- It is Imlornl. and I have to see Dinethlei
our day the su 11 is r Sing
()ray Iii all heri gorgeous isplendor,
heir In all her glory and grandeur;
tilearini the ir slhas of nf ight.
Throutgh her brilliant rays of l ight
(litul int her g 'ay manitle of day,
yret, Wiher'ling hirthi, IheIr Iiyrial splray
t it In her gIhriiois icieest iil arl ch,
tie. Igniting the nuivu rsal Arch.
c. Sines ; i eris of teat's I have taken a
vast deal of interest in the progress
tLx and dccline of Christiaiity ili tlie tlolw
ign- tery kiltiom ;ii to tats regret I have dis
on- cernedit that owirng tio per'seeCnltio1, in
itin_ stead of tnlithtenjio the ;ellstial eI t
mi- l -hi thtlcfi't r r'lci I tll-c!
pi1 in varirins ilt-taniees the revel " ris
ftly l wte i producedt. As an illutstratio, two
Cali mitistets one an AnigliCenil, the t thIt a
ltnilal, leave tith tohe purest of imotives
to enteri tihe litile tow in of *Katiptee" ill
Jun W'stern ic . k:ir l. Instead of adire-si nn
1e ptopiulact r ont tihe virtues of Christ
ige thIr legi i andui itt aribli end by arun
7 sirng anid denrnneinrt g oile ratirter as
the heretiis; the heati hensIti lter hir.rinlg bothtt
aird tinrllyi believe iteithert rore plceI in the
smie p "rph'txity as the traveler and the
h' t wesiirnbolritd with the (i1ilow in!, 'in
ii a sirittions, doutn tl yoii take the right
to taud road \i never N .ill retcah Mr. E.,
, sl d 0ltl Non tahe tho left hand youIlI wish
'yt lou not tdaken it. ' his heing pr
lof tisely the condllition ant iefet iof tihe
g a wortist tiatiires of sonrtarianioni. If we
the otuld otnly re-llet, uve could not lbut
notherwise;' antd d.tini , that "v. dutil e ourl
ial faith rti tia mother's heatrt. iii otiiher
tve words by the accident of birth Hail
ted yOU or I been froto Irish extraction, more
than likely we would bIut thit tk-noun
S \inttrill sot likewise ift youtr father ori
mine had been a haptist. a mnrthitodist or
an Epiii colalian, necessarily our convie
Sti nn wonl I have takeni thaiit turint. As
id gIenueral rule t in all religious lmatters, wi
Igt. are all too presumptuous, even too v:lr tin
o vanithi di s vanittt s tout est. o : t;1i tlii ir
het for oiile eniterlaihis ille o11victi ot that
tlg his rered is better I han any praceticedl
:c1 and conclusively, is in his irivate opinl
ion, il better it a. IvI eily t nublr witti
ionll this is altogether errinei s itt the ii t;
Ci for gol morals christian tioralts of any
11- creed except mathomedanisin or 511o111 tut
t_ til istito, spurious n drteed, tl IIto Itgh tI
to ini iur iopintion when iiivo ating roat
er otralls. thie ractile th'reof is ttpistiave
s like, tei of whicht f ors the good mat;
,u tos I hristianity siguilies fpl tet nai i o e
he to allt; as wtiunt fraternity there i noe
C~hristianity1 Not so with Sonme how
ever weta , a after approaching the holy of
to holita irn t ndiasl titi- hrauti. their fot by
Ar streit dose, belle dnti of -taqua vCIe.
an arut f I think not! Do they once I,(
ttfleet after partaking of this holy bant.
b tfuet that it is the bread, theo food of
Angrels ; c'test le larin des A "s- ,.4 cece
pants Angeticum.' For,
11 "Bechold 0 I artn in'-olvedt in rapture se ,
,k The lIiend of .titngils, thui ira1111 food for tI et.
It I'o the ii crediulosr therefore, I woublt
t- Say, gfolttr et voyez t onbiei he Seig y iil1
'" est dolly ; but, do not improve the Sancti
tity 11i1e act, with litnt id dire, bthe rt ithr
compsted. Notwithstanding our great
transition from slavery. to freedom, the
i beneticial change riesulting tilereftroI,
e ishall eventially prove tantainoun t the
n lost. For instead if invtstig in sivaes
is of yore, we sh:'hl hirtniter invest ilitot
tue euntel lisi'nent ttof ouir ltomes, tlr
1. our comfort and tfie greater glory to
Godn ; we shall im riove our stocik, our
r. inltlteeit s tsoir stlls, hour propierty gin
irally ; and under a new systemtt of til
trti. the Smith will tiourirish heryou cori
p trison: no nuch tor tiottecti e tarift
that betirei thie lapse of ten years, eviery
xiii:i1l ii:iiiihet in the South will have a
cotton or weal11 fthºric, all of wsilicha shall
t prove itemt iental to that unjust aniti
Ion" dustruetivc iuntlence,, '111 1,oopo
te inch the ETsury c.t c oeis
I R .petin-thug wnnnleriftil thiniget, rtt iraltte
-nli (tn; I linhte 1ust seen thinit a white
ar.-ltrie altd tuen ltu l klltu ed in oh
pi of I teboi Iiine, whihiji r llhtnnloubtthil
be stlrnl nhe m id nt to teitse ,ilt, it
i- i iacan h, but as tuiktrtnknit rtintcit:.
hle tltMrt.1I Htlln-I i an Iinioaii t lOxtctlMiss
r -ivut pi. huh a te thbat gave in iIt thira s
r spriuir to t Janib lilt a grod,~ at trie anitt
lithe %t t rie. 'le sheet renuigtise
it thin "oait but reputitateiii thin lamib I
alo id jilt With Itwtiint ll hts, one as
t lak as coil and tue otiter mi white as
sntt'. Lit its hear frtom the prttfcssittlal
M ittra tat iic oit tire subiject. I have
t. inrdcda r ptrolitic and wonilerful
nysNorth Alaliata corn, as yiti will
perceive ty ertosed descriptii o; its
ultiv itioi (ould fred alt the fetunie
JTurkteytr in Etnirpe.
t Agr ~icutal report ol allows27
trbushiels, as the great est yield tf icoirn pro
dnced to the lire.niear Ctolumbia, Southl t
icarotlinta; tlihe Trnitey corn, however. cx
ci-eds it by a few bushels, havting yiehledef
t two huidredtaid twenty-one bushels
if Muirra of Carrtll comrity Mu., did in
1873 raise 1524 buishels of shicileil corn on
one acre considered very goot for the
Stinie, until tht T'1urney corn crme to light.
isillt o it us very gioo, it trie. I
tv eairly an acre oni test, the result of
? which will be knitn o
Prolstional ten shouhld study L isti I
anti Greek. hut in ordier that the farmer
should haive a t httirtinghi kinttwledge of
A griculttire, thie State shotuli comic to
oiur aid hty estahlishiliug State mtdr-l
farms, where I intend to raise Iny ,hEyts,
is the ist todie of practical fartiting fttr
t tht inproven ent to thi stflent farmors,
t vho migt li oerwise beetne arcuquiainted
ivith iiteratiro indid nthig more- I
Yours rcsptectfully,
FLEUR DE LIS.
a - ---*** -- <
WINN.t
u WINNFITELD, Li.., Juine 4, lS7#.
SDeaz Visulicator :1
S The fririning ineufkests of this parish
are being greatly Advaitcei it every rs
pect, antd all ktdds of crops bid fair fit
ane wabnat veld f moe tlpso thansui
Ieai hut e tiltle We . ue0 trrieptiN -
L trying to reletise themsees frimt thie
-btrilen of debt which th.sy h iav-e been
Slaboring mder for several years, owing
to the depreciation in the price of cotton
since 1861)
Pitlitics ire ujlet here--the Nicholls
Sgutverinmieri i) f~ill a14( Jl adeahle coin
tuoh, and i fpw fladswe had amongst
tus hive tearly -all given in their alei
glance tp G'ov. 1tchotll and the Repuhli
c ai part't usf compl~eiey demoralized, as
we I as disoirganized7
it he htt-'lth of eQr piaritsh genqtyly~
a riry good, th~ere heiri no sicknuess of anly
h conseqeuence
il It is our sad lqt to mourn the ross of
our estiniable frouung friend James M.
Prather, who departid th8i life in the
Slatter part qf April last. 3.r; J'rather
awas a protmising young ntab, and is his
e death, Winn )ariaih sustains tj.1)}oss of
L one of her biet citizens, his young wife
a devoted husband, and bis'pareuts a dii
tifitl son.
beenh weather for some time .past has
1 een eheeent. At predeut the nights
t are very cool, and the mid-day very
warm. The cool nights are very detri
m healo young cotton. The ther
- P. M., on'the 20th Mal. .- i n
iWith itlaity wishles for youn suicceis.
I am Truly Yours,
M. F. MACHEN.
- The Norristown Herald knows of a
girl who was kissed 9t80 times in otte
evening at a church festival, and each
- kiss brought her in ten cents. Noun of
us could afford to pay a girl $98 for kis
sing her all alone all the eveniug, and the
ten-cent way gives all a clizifce.
1 L [FFC J IALI
PROCEEDINGS
he OF THE
hiei
FOLICBl JuETY.
JVNF, SESSION? 1877.
SThie I'oti e Jury iuet on Monday, Ju ne
4th, at 12 M.
}'resenit IR. E Jackson, L. ('l;gin,i
Will. Payne, A V. Carter, W. BP. Iutier. c
Jos. 1:zii'iiek, M. 1. L'loretii. ('airlul1 f
J res.
na Aibsent .3 1 l'len'inig I
,,s A. V. Cailer tmed Ihat the Police I
Iii- Jiriy of till piarish of Natchlitol ihries - p 1
is- (eeil t oigaioaniz i ridi-r S4c. 7, Act. 57,
in- 1 77 esiion of the ineural Asseimbily, l
1i- t ite of Lioisiana. Carried.
hit WhIiiriiulion the Police Jury lroceedeil
'eº to ~ ryamize l)y thile electiont. rira r"Or tt
a of till- udlowuin pºermanilient othicers:
e's Ite-sioeui t-\in'i Payne.
ii 'Irteasnrer-A. E Lentce.
tIu Sc"rrtar'y-.l.s. If. ('con.g:ove!.
st ConistabltI--. Pavi llancharil.
u- Minutes of last. tiintog reitd for the I
as iiitiritiio, of the IPolicei ,Ji'v. of
ith The pay of Polico Jiuotr liiinllbers was
he lixtil at I$ per diet{{, atn? 10 cints pun 'r
lite ile. iiileige. The saiary of the Clerk If
in- was fixed at $ 151, ti', ttthe rimiainiler of t
ht til' alr. ilding Des. 2Jt, 1s77.
On Mlotion A. V. Undrtlr, lBe it orla~intvl
sli by the Police Jury of the pirish of Natch
1i itoches, that Ilthe salary of the Treasiurer ii
hie of the parish t't' Natil~toches, .he iad eI.
.e th I e s m, is hereby tixed at 3 (three) Ier
ulit rentiiui on a ,l in iecl ouls tiiui Iy hinii l~
an on proper `,,:ir'rante dlr:'icnuttier the all- rll
Vr tlority of this bohi.
ail iAnd he it furthelr utbi iietI, lthant all dl
re' or11td'inal:s, or parts of or~din:, rces 111 ell,
n- Ilic. with this rdin iuaii;u he and the
i On fiiintin-., the lu.Iiosi' .inry took thi
a- On rc ts uetil I tlock P. M. After i
a I which, t on h t i' l 1. Jackitsetl tll of
tr P'tre' s dent ntlumiiotnte the fo)llowt'inig `trsntl- (''
t: lug u tmnittces: lti
r Oil Finaneo-CJ'. C.Tkirtson, ChairanT . li
'Ciillueutor. lelat ivi. to e~oult~itii,:ltiitritllf, tOi
Ii iijirle'·~ilr ts o le! piiisli. Riflct~ ed to liri
t Co n it1. t. Ca1 i l . ..
nI- On Claims--\\'. B. Bitthen, l'hairmanº. Ile
- L. Choiin. is
Jors. Ezernack.
Cy . O . motionj, petition of tlu, D leixd 10 Pl
IIbraced J t communl ition 4r C. a1. C ;l
- P A. et. Ileui, Collector. relative to tiII
S .ls and dls.cri upertions of LrRe'nds, rtiur 1r. e
if' 1). Il I Crauutlt r~u~f C~lii
S11 (tofrrc toii Ctonnit l e Oh ius. pere
Pn ulotion of rre J. C. tt wikette, Ex-Tax Na
fiolbate il for relative to o e.and latio tii ;'Iti
S shiin forrutl;tyati u tiet rcin 'liuitl lii lfte .J ae
Clinuk ants for the purish. 1leterroed. 11tut
I' Seutitid is liiitk5, sititetc~uts, alndtlill;) I at- Ilji
ei~ llint liti aettioll Ilill tii:ttlrclfeilt. Refer iiiiw
f r Cnunittee on Ili ire. ted.
S Clubms of 1
C O . iloioipere, Cit rtabl , Ward 10 ith e
O li~e Jury of tlle' palrishl i~tt NaLtehlijtutrlie Bi.
in rgJoiII 1ess cighli vIIii. 4i tie Pa
· () 01rt tutu Plisil Tre·;,usrirrr (it thisn Pre
par';ish Ite :llnd tle! samle is hucre~lty lixed at t itI
A th . haf livd, Coroner. idlars, hl l cc
i- E. K. lIon.s Superv'isorReg'tionl 187'., ore
41 I). I1I Rnf it, +hari@. the
e biteferred to Conunitt ie on claims. peri
oa motionl . Ortetrei that lei Jo i'ti- Nail
fiibate in fthvor" %%m. Payne, and pºaid by hit
him forestrayeii stock,1e rOceaiived by late Jrl
a Clerk, and that the saure e r liIM
(iiA. llti Bredall, tEx-Plar ishf T itrea , pre- vii
senti his botoks, ti ouc d ers, n lil at (-l t Pe i 4,
count for action and settlemlent. Recfer ing
r" rut{ to Comumittee on Fina~ure. rte
bOn mo tion, te eit ordained ii thI Po- C1%
Olie Jury oflttl, the parishl of Nate chitthes Bre.
Attttruiev a;~ ais xcii lt ICI·I frir tu~ y`ear.
in regular session convened. That the :J
e Btoni of the Parish Tr asILer of this Preo
sparish be and the satie is hereby fixed at otil
the manlr if Five Thousand Uollar's, whirlh crer
r aond salnl bu signed bºy .`mil ,Seenritie's brit
as are satisttr to this Police Jr. We
otIe it ulirther Ordained, that i ori-tk. A J
1ni ties o is atof odinances i conflict i. if
with this ordifMande b. arl- the t ante are htr
erch Ayesoresalyd . eti
Mr Jlit-it [d~l E7.en~ck~l~ v·oted Ncro, anti tiit
Olje motion, the : salaryl of the niista- Imt
ble of tis bodhe y Call4d to tiled at ileC tf orba f he
fL Lancie ou Trerer ot the -nalieh, for
C31stit 17 onlraon. ll
B~i Ited of Mr. A. U~. Leineet, Parish Tltit jio:
50~~c1( e~lict pieiitseltd, ;inll voteil 09 s~lt- I
1 isator i to, the s Lary of the Pi. the.
4rays. Nie ()IH nec
Att r. e. was fixed at ti Nor for the year. It
SlIlil ~llOl is lexpcrisseti alis. ut. bad
eniglicme hintl ilelor (A P o
E -r~anthon~rY etnu ap Lt t bled t
Brecta,) tiidor collsidu-rat oll tul recesi Sti
- til 3 T'ehteX, iter lith, by kA
O .V. Carterda, JnRe n h.it oitit t the h I'o- Iliri
Slice *Jury of tIle paHrish~ tif Niltihitoehie in Shil
rt iu sCsol eiiii.'uuiid. That so iitI ch fo
oh ieolnuttion of ' Police Jtryat relular and
sessione Aperil 2 1877, as r1.lates tore tha
c Jivino h Eitrovik wulrrantse and ter
titicatet tf ithellt-dovsl iss hed mior ex ttt I
psofs chlrerelod to dray the el ction of 814)1
N.ov 7,1876-in paTmentu of ticernsae for t
Sthe year of 1r77, alid the s orfeitur of nut
bonutd he, anir the Lanie is hreby re- plio
pruned. Adltprted. It
AyV. B. lb sI e
r. J. Ectler, 1k it Ordined byo tlhe Pi- I.he
.Jiim v Of tiltr itdl of :Ntsitclitihi iab o.
rE'-Tlllr seCsuirtr' col s-t-l. i l'ihit All. L
Brilredluia tule rltllsl ofi Notiuitoirecess fonr ct
tile year 1877, ftur nii wh frfiteul Jyoiils,
shalll hi- pa:id in I;rfni cnr~recv tuf the a
.nitd VSattes , and ithat the 'ax Collec.tori
aI lice Juryr of , t nil herif crhy notificedi I
to recelive fr s asio oicnvenes oTha alo ( u at
tofrfeltid Bonds, ollf olc Jry Sch a eulrre- the
cS of the 'li ited , States rt o
Re it O"t-dined, p cr, o ']it all orrniriiicers t
or parts of onrlintnces in confiet witi i
this ordinance he, anti the same is heroe
by repealed. Adopted. I
rV. B. Blhtler. 1k it Ordained by the Po- nuth
licie Jury of the parish of Nuxtchittches I cttD
· in regular SI~seion conveled. ThrIt the the
'In-asurer of the parish of Natohitodhes qni
r ite reyqired in Intue to flfish tte o Iud -
'itllI etpaidl the Bitoks ofU te saido 'threqn
adr unrdear a hea ing of 'Licynoe Ac
count" c ith the sane, Licenses for this by
5 prl~iuh fo~r all trades. profes~sitots anti c> ane
a clIlttiois, Wh ich are faxed for license, trol
naoder existing ltaws. o
B Said LiCean1ed ch it all t rtin fiurces u
and writirig; ~4ithiil the hod oft th saute tiec
thr arnmunt of Licanse for is olicththey wh
- re co letablel, with the tr-sde, prolessm~tn
hior orllpateio fo which they ate ~is heod d
b altbey shalld Ao nunitereti d ervdt. Ior ha,
each trade, occupation,or pirofission, and B ofl
P thle saidl Licenses so is7sulet to saitlftnx pox
. Collector shallBe Jtt hIUed by the 1 Pres- par
lident of the Polie h J of anrih ttestcd ca
officinl by the C onIk e .T thereof- Ant the 1
sau BrlTax Collectr shall:1 b reqllired to u
e recert to tite Parish Treashre. fqrthe
r stnount anti number li all su'c Licden Ac-.
so isunedh hsel
in s e wch c rettlement.xf te Collector trl
dith the Triasnrer as required by law, ing
the said Collector shall rspuolat the num
her a:nd aount of tLclicenses for theis aBh
r Pcoiect sold; withi the anollit prifiPo~, e
o and shall payfover to the said Taiurer or
all monieshollx ey collected totrallf Lox a
cnus So sold. pao
All License& unsold by tho said Tax e
Co llector al theend of tig e fby le, sipt
shall bo retneled by him to.A the th
Trea llrer, to shall lcreitb trleqire to's n suig
with the a Pionutsh p-d i r iirr ienses the
sold to the said oall uccoLit;cens be
Scancelliiig and rctiir -hu to the said T~ax tifi
Coletor is etei~ts gis-en for said Li-se
Cesch pR ietetlem amounte collected
h and the aIsmount of blink Licenses so re
p turned bo eqnal to the amount of iso!n- her
s ee i fsnished the said Ta Collector.it
3 The Treasurer of the pariah of e atchi- the
thclicsis hereby tutrledyh tt . th¶e Whe
I- Paris wit tit'$ ')Mlku f .i1 i~ths re
11i ored by this or'dintance, ald present the
bill of sante for payitmt to this htly.
He it filrthere(d Ordaineid, that all ordi
ittitl es ill- 1 i'rlts $4 orvdilnatutes in tinflit
I rWith this ordlinancre i'e at] tilt "Colie are
heir, by repetaled, and this ordillan'e shall
be in full tfrce sitd el 'm't friom its Htis- 1
C safe.
Cr
'he finaner o('mitteN reportd on
º, settlemient anid examination of tilt ac
c unuts of A. P. Breda, lte Treasurer. as
I follows:
We, yo r' Coniiit.t 1'Il 1 inane' , wou 4l1
beg leave to report tiha t we have e"xlu
inet h lilt' Books of A. 1' liretla, lat' 'arisl I
'41 t 1'1 1l' i eitllt )11, ('o .11't l r'(" Il4 ii 1111t
.!I A gastro mid findclrt. te al , i
*Jr o l'ni7 Iln(, 1:i1 V1r e ( :11141( 1 :II 1 1 1
Ii i'antl rthe. 1 411't t 1o the 1 :ut1 1. sil4111- !i
It itt t l l. Is: i m
oida. ''r u Ih ash
ittl he :lpproviii , I hol the a tihtt Pl . aper '
Al hand bec destroyed.
R. E. "JACKs0N:, t
t' Chairman, h inanol e I 'Puni
On motion. saili rlprt t,:..i ;Ilo~ pt) w e it
T'Jos. E)lztrm: k, Be it tlrdalined.l 'Tol- lit,
Setttuwt of A. 1'. Breda. :il-At NTo as. r ftie
Iof this p rish, hein satishtla:e to the'
P'olice , 1r'\', an il that Ile 11:1 o:;i ºrIlr "'
eld sn r'.'l o:nft it 1' ll, it isi tti rtid that
titis ci'ei lrd r tle, at is h14' r, iii l t llriz,11
lI et l. tB t botlrd of the sis! ll.r1 lthl d tll
tohe P rish pa41er turned in i A. t 11
tieda. nl nou' tig t o P.e 1,x3. 0, %%;s lte - i t
Oi motion, tr fthe honorable 1ta'ly al1 '
11 rn( d till .:30 ii. !ttijih . ts f o-m,' 'h' lio r ( ied
nesday).
The l4 nora'l Undts y metlt o' lttlnies- re
day Intanng at i1 - ti Block ' . . n.
Absent--L Chupi11, J. 1;. IF'temming. sit
Mlottes read ul ap.roved, t
1y be Ii er. larkson, e ' it 'i'rla ind hv t1(1
the' ry, T'hd iit of tht lil, Ii, 4 - . (
Po141 al t t he n .1 1'y all 'l'r- ' i t't r o hl C1tt l-ri f('d
of tits noti e'tri ''t iiuiit t t Art No 7.ir t oh l
l it' 11 .l A-silt mb tly, 1ppo1 ctl It' Marti ! lI
1Jt( 7,, Iitillt'd Ilt'n Ac t to rL'ulXit'1 a n d I
lim itthli i' tiic s, of x 1d "ishle, li t' this r'
!ttes (site pari' h ( ef AOrltals a tteitei4 i t
ii cThis 1r(d e'ns te il I llllatlh I h ritlilgs I
hetr'iie nre i dti t of the 1 't:ieces '.1 in Par-'
ish and Dºistritf ('putts. Ad" ptled.
13 A. V Carter, Be it Ordained by ther t
Pt lie hi ti" of t ef l a rish i o' ('orlitlit ' l
ct'es, that bodty cI l I teinsation ill S'et's of
the Iherirt ttor keeping and lrairltainiry
prisoners i 'r the.fail, r hectrell" t ae Ias a 1I 1
reglatd at thi rty celts l per dXail tie
ea'"*h and everyi' prisonmer act 11111) sir ai ))i- ('t<
t;tained. This orintiance repealy ill other ins
(nrdioI'ri"' on Ima e sal' t 4 sl i"ty 14a11 tt(r, ItS
and is in etff'ct frot its passage. Adopt-t i
By W. .B Butler, Be it ordiireii, Thatti'
ithe Prellident of, the Police B ury ft' the
frattish of eNa cit o ichs Ihe. and s hery
bankw. rif it coniecuion opoith the Treas
oifer (of the Said parish. to conrat Wi l
the et t' jntirafr, ], It weaky newspa per ill ýrt
S4't~tt, ~lt~liae 1llit(ik J.,M r"L P i nr
Natchitoches, to publilsh a l ofInaacs VII
ests, lawb, and minutes of Said Police h'
Jury, for the11 tera of othe ylelir 1t7, end- m1
tog lothb~iy, Dle!cember ;l alit. 11317 Pro
sided that the slim Stipulated :lil .(o he
paid said P'eoprle's i itdl'"'t(ot fill. i 'lish- (T
in; said p rdintancels, :oute for1. aid nlin
t t s il sh l ae e itu ie ito ict rto. s rodf i t e Eo
Ii~i
Brevior. Solid weasure.
Jail be it futrth~r Or rdained Thc' tie pry
P resident of the Police .Hireulry l llte'- .
tion. with the daifsh Treamirer heenupow
ced at any Bui e to c1on Btodyrt fdor tre
pritinig of 'chli i ooise uhanks-, or Job
Work, as nosy be l equired by tilt P'oliee teal
Ja rol tie Jity of the i of Natchithe Wi th C"
tsaid 1sp. lira tid iCor. ' I'riullC5 t , t hat Stu '
thlet saue sti;pirntedat ato he ?upti said 1'1
Pcop~le'x fI ditrulor'. Unill not exceed till al)
iuxinandp trie ixed fo law, i unee r Act far'
I'o, i"tcssion thf' General Assembly Janarltllt t i
tats. This lprdin nCe shetIl bie isa fulla
fotrce and eff'ect fromu its passage Adopt-eu
heyreehed. .u
On motion, it owas nsolve ' that or- tes
iones ohaly l e u reliring Jdm to . r
Enrak rsdents of the sadprs hos elnce ry alt
has beraen scqukcd wpthnks the. flte nalcu
renair ihelaf prellr born tie terii litie d Iid
cti dai tios thereof, whoepea lendcomi t '
bl.lik
B~y A. V'. Caribtr, Jhe it Reolvnied, tht t
the Choir Jrma of thle Financ ( NlCounit lu
ttlC1oF. r'lt his body, nuc s th a ishTeaur pIle
and perion Atrll 1)e, tamnd e pauperey gt
emoetited to relinef as suchd hoese uehan lna
the! cnition~tlc ~of thae; accounts o the ""
lies Trasce ant or de nll d ntr, uplia w e.
theo ter law ito ar p : said the i'e4islsty
fatior l tom tts i
hayees an E . roperty, real oraipet- sur
ts onal, e sufcient toa bl te themy taS0e ptr
port oreep abovie acllntale wars ntl suc pal
nueper sratIv epscA to 'e ie road exa
whos physical o thirii rand nc iR ditit cis-K'
such tb~ eo she by propthierheertion the
banern a f el ih onodi, orpositi uta her-n to
self Motporm h asl wit thli~ actiirj. r.eqhl\ hie
ysict, aess cammisacka, Jns, E.~lll ro. 11.
b thr o, JaAlln, .at Cn pihyicael suffer- A
ilenl the appit0 for omi on
That p rrcta soute fler oaid faxpaes coi
above the mae c telie f yamse, .w'*s shll
tova ths Body at our dnext, regul res-c
behoIn thle C~j~l4GH t(t i~pe go! l 'ftid elth andi
Ayr si hicstr th, sHtn. b ad e adjoarn ul
untd 31aa o'cock when porri renl ssema- C.
Pac1 strier. ' b1 o person tolncsu H
By A. V. Dc rbo se it ordained by
the Polier Jor of the Wardin N hii l
e rc she resdealls, dicm d na her- sub
tfiaet of Papes;o fueatayera of anrid Ward
seIind roi forth thl ini e c nd ina isity Cl
F al top ant t.ers br- iarn te bscm ore
he irt aboverahetr a waint, anti that thSe I
ndrine of N itahitchaes arisnc strine o l
the repovra of pansaid ppic4'iut tashathl
Pauperis rher reidenem io el ar
d~leits of the aid, parih whoerseneat to~~.?
shasl bee pacured o ihn the pue itim alnde enr
awler thle law resr bin th~e aTerm and toll <
ceondiiosthe reofde, wh~opc whyn coin toel
thfse prsor their idpyresine is thus Wade_
atsuppot andv lituelhoodtoran the snelve n
y inicckes or disase, nty ba roightn ric IC
bytheir mowpalt of vaio plecel iteinpr- n
:arnceh or oher actswithinc tiron scou-~n
isi1, and said application ;baln, when
practicable or rasonalily obtainable be
i- verified bIy thie certificate of the I rish
P ,t of minte Physicianu (1 !'l in
3st.ttlini in said \' art?, dclaiting thIat n I
11 examint1ati433 of the applit4tct, !, vc tily
t- believes that said appliant 1a ,rQ
solic t to I(4 laciI oil the ptaper list
11 ittider t1e terts and e':33t4i ts i zt forth
in thcei.- onri'llaly e. a
ii e it ilw' i rr a l aied, (fe., That thei .
ma'"n um anwint o the allowanee to be
3mae ill pVl2 rs btatll le 1'I\F- I)E L
11 I \ I) i* i earl: adult lpauper' anlu 'T\\'t)
SI 1)ll AIN :ld 1'1 FIFTY ('E:NTS f.(
11 earl( moinor palper' unde'r the a;-t of tell
}'I a, 1per moat h.
lit it f(r3ler (d'Ilned, &c. , That
; a( h and ('(-tit paprllt (,n tlh1l pupe(r c
list ,hall reUew Ili-; or It:)r ipi'li] ation to
the PIolic iI-y every siX on13th. I. tCh
r3( lien c ll :II nttiou to tll 'cotipa ttiiid
w3iti3 the certifietet htrin 3 rleq ired, atil
al papr~ shall not be contiunued 41
º iiI list ui1C. (t1 i sa filice Jitry
enatro- e said ( e"1-i wid application.
.\hitptedi.
13'i IJ. 1$ Iorth Iie it ordaineidl,
t hat th. i.'ricsance to Pahpers miller the
r'tl'cd 33 tfutr u Icsto Icc ialiik dlg
oilsct; re paS-ed this day ,iall a 1e, Two
I lOli and fifty cents per. mouth for
ii lt pauperiIil, , and One Dlv.-llrt- and
'llwuty-five Can.s per m.oh for minor
papers undie r 1l years of age. Adapted.
Bly W l. B. Itt(hullier it ordained,
Tha t t4 lr sidebt f thile policei j',y bhe
rei' red it future to keep it hook of reg- t
istry in 1140i h he aha1cla ulr all warrants
s'i3cd by him ; the slumbers, ajmount
lii '-1;\(P -2i li~:t~e i oti31'l-ii'5 t
and names of parties i t twtose favori.
they arc (.raina. Ali,! hall make report
Itt ,n on1!3t14ly to thisl body.-u It
k1 it otii Iei. Thatl tint' trik ofii the No
t;hee pris 'ni shall not i future hxssr iaylit
wA:rrnt- or w1l:t idnc of iet lIted?-ne 3
agi":nI(st this giarish, tonlS "; u :po n 11 e
thcTa r I e(l w l 14' or 1 3iri'r ni ul to i Als
Mnahy !tthe Pretsident of thde ]olicte jri t
;1i1 hrte vi'dllt ake 'u1thl ritt' e r olli!tC (
this holy of all st i 'i litr s ot r anith r ev
('310 t VP·11: dai'cP i'~lr~tli oi ill t-uY? S(l
i4lcnce of hol(tU aitil risseil t with t lo- o r r ii
`lid satii tory vouches therefoar. Atl
Tiy Ri. 1. Jackson.-il it okrdai.i
1tc., ThaL'.It the parish tax c llectot" r II
i e tsrcteli to prileody ait n( to Sufol tceo
the coller t i.n of ;li delintuent taxes lne
tils parish anl that the same ie collect-I i
ne in acordance with th' provisie ns (f I
(11the act~ i pased yhe poli'*Dt jury at iits- "'"
teatlasdb 1 loirjratisMay session relative ti' timf collectioni
of taxes.-Adopted.
On mo(tio of Joseph Ezernack, it
- '~ll) (ttii31 fb'(3liF 110l-1 lt
twas resolved that the clerk of ithe o.ice 1
L.''N ln"x1 'tllb r:6.l'g `lr. tl ltctt (1nt" pt c -
ton re tie , ;illt It lOtt1tlot 1 n
body, aitid itotke arra.n.oi. t for pay
it ofsame whirn f1 iits W3A3 n ha i.
In motioi ltl, arjornei until to-m rrot
The Honorable body et pUrsuant to
adijournmnent. follo
Abient---,1.11. Flemnmitg. ii
fIrt vtat of yosterday read aid ap- TI
proved, `
in it oti'll. the chair appoil.'1 thel
tion rel.tng to:t book of lad ntries '
Co ?. E. *itt-R. . Jacks-'n. A. V. Car (Iat
ter. tia Afteishort tin' said cemnittee at o
re(.ported as 141rs : Yeidi3 ctan(i:ttsi newir
alp intwel, to arrange with Mr. -uples- iton
Slu rio nct lists of ltandis for the fol- t1 Me
lowing canopcts (tion; `o W~t: T'he rev-s
etuts meriting to the parish from the ANo01
first inur' taies "nMlled i on the land irtt
whichthic th5s lift will furnish, not prtn ding
vionsly found (n'i the assessor's list. rinr,
lieport signe r.gl E.~sc~ J cKSONer. I'dopt
T13 -tee thprk idat lnte ad Tre ur *itr
-t . 1i &'iiiltlc plis, F111po
'ih cthiplalniitsh-a- thii t'hii cii t13r1iict 3l go
mad n wroiotion g ad lled bt the ~Sacler tna
Ther ?Iycmmitt arr clim thoug lcs r of til l
thitr clairitul3 sumIIttd i lt' ollwinig Sllit
reliort: witi
Xonr tinmmijttoi ii!(3:113 l ims T 1e I'e jittit
to sliltiit the follwing ceport of claims 1 31
('xitmined'3 : Chr<
- Amount. Allowed (nta
.11:o C'nagh)tt, fee. $1 50 875 $3 o
i-:. Iltl BiI3Iss, (i Of) ld( 0)
11. Lichtf fsftil, 10 00 10 00)
A P. Breda, Corner, 'P.0l3. '119 00
" " " 30 0( 10 00
C. E. Conipcrteu, 20 3d isaprtIv'tl
T.P--aln 66 lilt (Ci 66
M. L. Bates, Sj"-rjff, 26 40 26 41)(
4" " " dU(O 8 00
C. J., C: Poeckettc, cotlpiensaf~tio for I
Oinakilng flsQS essm~eit and tahl'eau '7.3
atid *7(, thisaipprovetid. -
J. J. MeCotik's clim foir blankcts for
niiheo-d j il *1825, illo ed $14 O f).
M. II. Catrer till for cu-tains ftor court- JT]
cllls4 h $e $1 20, alltwed. - - lj
(SignedY W. 1). lUTi'IE fi
-odn. Chairian. H
Ilcport, o": n~ moion, adopted.
By A. V. (>irte r- 1Be it '-rdatineil iy city
the Police urs y tf the P1rish of Natehi- er
toclies iii r illar se-ssion cttiotvnuetl hIlpoti
SIt~
That ithe Pi-esjdent of the Police Jury
at the Cxpense of the patrish, shall pi'o
enre oue omlnpet set of copper weighifs F1
to corresponi with weights of their like Fo
tlentioeinitin use -by tfe *State, to-.
getheicr with scaks~ tif sniti weight, unit 3 M'
sta~m? or fsea1b for$ri~ qIds''?? uiflice;
013 complete set of mneas)rcs cailcilJated
for dry, liquid, a1( long mleasui of the
~.tioe ctlpa ify and letith as .those of
like dentmination ustil ,y the State, , Ft
whiinc set of weights and meas;4tlres to -
gether w~ifth the scales tind stam~ps shall
he depusitqd in the oflice rif the Liecord
ci to ser a's, a gpiera stcpdtrd of -
weights adul leasures in thiis fuirish.
Be (t further ordainied, etc., That the two
suni or forty riollars be god is hereby ap- hay
propriated for theabove ptlrpose to ite brai
paid out of the contig;ent tond.-Adopt- antI
eti. A
By A. V. CartEr-Be it ordained by hfin
the Policp Jtfry, That. tihe Treasurer tif -
theptlii'h'.h anti is hereby authorized
to lirticure a4 ciimplate set of boo~ks for '1he
his office, and that the sum, ,of thirty 'iu'
tkolltirs le and is hterehy apipripriatetI
for flus purpose, to be paid' cut of the
coiitingent fond.
Recess to 3 o'elocl; -
-After iihich fhA comniittee on alains htas
snbinittctr stiujplemetal report as follows: 3 h3(
Yofr' tomnimittee on claims beg leave BR.
to stili'nit (the following report :
Claimn of Win. Payne ftr .seJ'vice~s as a
police juror for (the year i874, $20..
00, allowed., - - - RI(
Claim of sami' for scrviesas sA pvlice t
juror for t1h0 year' 1875, $51) 01), al- on
lowQd. - .. . ..
Claim of J. P. Johnson, for services as
clerk of the Police Jury for the
.year 1875, $62 50, allowed.
Claim of same for stationary fornisheti
potliee jury for the year J875, $'&Qa
allowe'd.
WM ----. \_N
On1 inciticiln, the 1'j'cliý ý ur ai ni
j ýurutýI t i' the1( lira zt i/ ,,I I ~., 1 I
l'rcsjde:t i[c Juii
[JIImria1 :j]
t herc
SJ. A. O COURNAU,
Guu:" Cot-i rONT AND CHIC1l.J Street.,,
f. Natchitoclies, ],
ten j v's CONS'L'A\TT : on hinild
j (o'llpet 5 s'etrrlttm.ut of t )Hi
(in(t I Lo(l)s, St(.P, HAS1 , CL('JIN
ile (ii ., tO r jstilrg ill patt uI!
ii IiiI
lI(I. C'OTl'oNADj·:
rniTd I IAI RIN cA
andE PPI\.TS', l'tElACH1ED AND
i on R(º11WN C'OTTON,
frny LINEN IAWNI ,
10.COT'YONADEN
TIC'Klyc,.
(1101, P'LAl
inlu IIR1j, :ýý
the USNOSlifROS
l,e -i';iimiiris of all P1 itt
eg,- PL B!':'LINEN G D,;
tilts Al"'J'I"IAL Ft t I' US
11nt CRO(:KERY
tl ElAND ,
,Irt C1IN1 LIN.,%
't-. 1I TE GOODC
Jib XCKIN(;
the LOTP LNASKE(;
Sr AND
tie 'AI'IN;
SIol A\lso ii a fii Il: jof Gertliittiec4's Wulfr
pt- [Nl G A E NC
to 01"'
AND, Il(1OliS,
11c KNITIN,
''j)IMLET SiOAP,
1t., AFLELRJMEITIES,
11 ST'ATIONARY.
PC ALL TIE ABBOVE AT BOTTOM I'IC1:i.
t-rand Eorc
t WAREHOUSE.
FR NC Propitar.
I Chlrmlrn ers ' BaIrbee' a:t thIis poirt,
an d to 8 1tore S T I N prepa
fieigihts ad cotton consgrnreda to iny care..
to Rates of storage in future will be as
follows:
Fifteen Cent.s ier barrel for freights.
p- Thirty-five Cents Iprl hale for Cotlou.
W'31. FULENCII.
Ile '1 rcl' 21-If.
r. ----..-..-.. --...2 ----ý---'--'holarýºes
c- c 1i o Ti fin. esItIstocka i
t. th v worldl, enlmbr:in g oiver 3,(i0Oi,O00
,r- ('irnolnos, Paintings and Choice Prints,
e at our 'nlarged ART R'OOM1:'. All tlI
rie' anml polpnnlat srinjects at rock-hot
St'inn" Il ices. Tire Falls of the Iliirhine, si.
21x2! mI"runnritic arid rI1'aind; Steir I;::
ithe Susrisellrr :ila, ('ne of ; he hits if thI'
si'asini, size t'x27; Lake Lncszrre. Swit
zirland, the most hrearitifil lake in till.
Ie world: Isqhli eld Ia, s+. &clhrmuling Scenw!iin
id Northeru !i; 1. comllJa;nio to.l\i pItOrel
o ding; 011 1o0 tiln Light, a he:u 'i 1 ni'
t, rire, size 14x20, in, great dcinrlr ; OtI
it. 0 iiken ir Br Ick t, 1V;i,' * lountairs, Niagi
in Fails, NesporIt tBarrato'o, (;iltherirn
Primlrosil . At tie f ei Shore, Paddy in
d ,~,,Y~c\
d i)ftficulty. Also Virgin Vesta, Siow
orStorm, Americain Froit. and other 21xhn
n- nrlljetP' .I 'rl Iatl Itrsinrrss Cuards, 9ruidal
ud S"i'Iol.Clt'ris, :taliar;, 'kittoes, Bllh
he `round Pauelt, tct. Also the firest auIl
rk mIost eomrirrh eI aiSsortne:eit of Jxll Chroi
n. llos, lothi orn w"r i'e :i:ounts, une liii.',
anrd ldack nlounits .gO!d line. Our stock
11 b eilliirccs terA}'tlhing desirable for ])enl
er's, Agurits or Premiuimri prIrposes, anrd nlt
hg slurdlt test~ or rirces aLnd turalify ot
iwiii'k. ''le jighlt piritl.i can realize ann
C iulepeidoeico iii evy ry tocidly by takiiig
us an ;Igonel y for .viiu' stretched arid frmuunuei
Clihroilrrni. larf icir nIis fi'eo. Illustraten
d Cntalaligre on receiprtof stamp. Seod fol
$3 o5 citlit. Address
J. LATHAM & CO.,
1)i 49 Washirigton SI., BIostonr, Mnrsls.
(It)
Stcaitm Saw itil.
J. Hi i S' IELHENS.
(&iett Mi cs ASouftk of Natcldttoclds.'
rO
fJR.S ON HAND (rid is prepared to far'
LI nish orn h uort notice nl! kinds of thlr
BEST QUALITY OF
Yelloc~w 'ear*t
PJNE LIUBER.
Hias well Stockl t lumber yard in thiu,
city arnd at Mir T. Cli;i's, on Cane rii -
1. ~er wheare farltie~s canr have~( ordelcrs ""
LI. p r'oIii 1ti3' on nupdlic h .it'ieu
ry PRICE:
I
is Five to Ten dillars l ei g nit Mill.
Forteen dollanr per M. in city yard.
o-. -
a Adnleicner, , e n
At Mlill.
ed Or J. C. TIUCIrE L,
ine Nalchlitct.e:;,
of Anl T. CHALER,
.Febi. 1-ly. Isle irevelle..
LOST OR STOLEN.
ONE LAI&GE hay i wire, A'ulth Toxn
brand on the jf shounlder, Ihaving tlh.
two hinld feet wh;Wte. Alo, tow. Crlt0
bay miare, brayded JD. Two .ows
branded A. C.,anl conutor 6tanide'lA, C.
and manlaother cattle branded D.
A aniital;le reiwarId will e.m iid to tho
tinder. L. ). LYPAt.Um.
SFROMI HER ASHES.
''he Pho(uix has put on new life and no v
'irAes for public favors.
J W1arren Suddatit
Shas taken charge and I)DAN now dispcnis8
t hne hoicest
1 RAw f1w. ·
WJISKI"S.
LIQUORS,
CIG MhS,
RICH ST. LOUIS IJEER ON DREAJi'
P Don't forget, re thirsty, the Pn(usNi
on St. I)Denis Strect.
Feb. 21-ly
RE. ' B. BURKB,~
-dealer in
GROCERIES'
]Futt S a:(' , N1' tcltituccic, T1.