-t- I,, i)t l,
, of lniit
iiup - ourle. ohi .tat
F ied pic-ker l, trito-sauce( ; i loh hst
Ca;kes of pota;to(', thous;at
S ( Civet of haret ; ftzen
SStews d celhry 0 la fernmierc. ,r alt I
Sa Idle of inotton, NE1gl ,h st h I; 'exas.
IDorrcette and beet salad. tile L'u
(;cice a Madtre. hirg; s5
SdnOule soup: Into three quarts of li 1 ate
loilling beefI bloth let drop like rain a it,
tint ofr'moII uleI , slit ing all th- will ;
Cnrmove to the side, hoil slot, l fIr'
h lal l n) h.iur, skim well, pIur iinto a h ti li
sonp-turlren anlt se-r\v e with a plateo
of gi ted l'arti 'aSn cheeset' neld .
Fried picekeel, toin at siree : Seale. t
rellen e, wash well, \wipe dry and
make mail incisio.s in hith sides fi
four good-sizid pikerel; dip in cold
fnilk, roll in flour andl fry well done
and slightly brown in plenty of hot Th(
lard (he eeaitain to have lard enough stre'i
Po that the fish may float freely whihle edIt
frying); drain on a clothl, dish uip on illici
a folded unapkin, surround with friednil t i
parsley and serve t ith a bowl of to- t
mato tue.t lasS,
Civet of hare : Skin, draw and cut ead to
a large English or two Canadian otse
hares in pieces; put in a stew-pan set
four ounces of butter, with half a want
pound of salted pork, cut in squares ;
fry a few minutes, add the hare, and the g
fry briskly five minutesr longer; bhe- hhd
sprinkle with two ounces of sifted
flour, mingle well, dilate witl a lit- 'eed
tie of red wine and broth enough to tov
cover; add pepper, grated noutimeg l
and a bunch of parsley, hut, no salt ;ofisp
elt to boil, cover and cook slowly ft reolu
an hour; fry slightly brown and part- ests
ly done, in clarified butter with a lit- i
tle sugar, two dozen smnall onions:
add to the hare with halt a pound 'of
fresh mushrs~ins (they can ube bought only
all the year rond in New york), well tia;
washed and neatly trimmed ; boil but a
twenty minutes longer, remnove the ditii
parsley, skinm off all the fat, taste, dlrm
add a little salt if necessary, dish up Th
the hare and garniture with a skim
mer; if there was any blood in the rtegt
lare, mingle it with the sauce, stir on
the fire without boiling, pour over, zatio
and serve with heart-shaped routons ie,
fried in butter and ranged around the oe
base, aron
Stewed celery a la fermiere: Re-t
move the green stalks, pare, wash ee
well and parboil eight large heads of t
celery ; put into a saucepan with a ato
quart of broth, pepper and eight sli- andol
tes of corned pork; cook an hour, faun
drain the pork and celery, strain and ifou
free the broth of its fiat, thicken with i
an ounce of flour kneaded with an to e
ounce of butter, stir, boil and reduce res
to proper consistency; dish up the reti
celery, alternate each head with a that
slice of pork, pour the saue sauce over and that
serve. n
Saddle of mutton, English style:
Pare a small, fat and very stale sad-tl
die of Southdown or Canadian short- esp
breed mutton ; remove the thin skin aim
that covers the fat, make small, semi- tiOt
horizontal incisions in the fatty stir- tert
face to prevent cracking whlile cook- ,
ing, remove the kidneys arnd most of Pll
the inside suet ; tie firmly with l
strings to keep in proper shape, and PO'
roast on the spit or in a pretty hot he
oven almost an hour and a half ; drain t
and let stand for ten minutes (never era
serve dark roasted meats without let- nel
ting them stand p few minutes); re- cti
move all the fat from tine dripping- i
paIn, put some good gravy in the pan i
and a little salt, dish up the saddle, ner
strain and put the gravy in a sauce- lno
bowl, and serve with a glass of cur- i
rant jelly turned on a plate. lai
Geles ar Madere : Make and clari
fy a quart of jelly with an once and i m
a half of gelatine, two ounces of su- w
gar and the juice of two lemons, u
cool, but do not let settle, in a kitci- un
en-basin; add a pint of Madeira fi
wine, pour into a cylindrical ,oppper s
jelly mould, set in a cool place for mt
about three hours, or, whait is better, er
over night; immerset in tepid water,
wipe thie mould, turn on a small des
sert napkin, and serve--N. Y. \World. p
Cattle Raisiag in Louisana-.
Cattle raising is almost one of the wi
lost arts or abandoned occupations in pi
Louisiana. Thirty or forty years ago, se
four.-fifths of thie beef consumeud ru si
New Oileans and along the Mississip- as
pi as far up as Vicksburg came from I1
the Louisiana prairies. Ti,-day, not th
one-tenth of tie beef slaughtered at se
the abbatoirs in New Orleans is ris- It
ed in Loniasina. The vast increase
and accarumulation of cattle in Texas
during tihe four years of war, owing
to the want of a market, gave Texas or
great atvantages in controlling trhe f
beef supply. Thie havoc made in thie sl
herds of Western Louisiana by thie ti
demands of imany armies and the de- o
predations of jaybawkers, greatly de- a
pleted the vaeheries and lessened tie ft
stock of breeding cattle. Much law- ii
lessuess prevailed in Southwest Lou- e
iaiana for several years after the war, fu
and vigilant committees were organ- n
ized to suppress cattle thiieving in a
snumary way. Tile renredy was as
bad as thIe disorder and thie bnsiness c
of stock growing did notprosper un- v
til thire present time. Thie stock rais
eis of these prairies lrave rallied t
slowly, but from all accounts they 1
are now, for the first time in many t
years, in a condition to compete with a
the Texans. This portion of Louisi
an is one of the clhoicest spots on
the American continent, but it is al
most isolated, and is as yet but little I
known to thie great world. It will i
soon be penetrated by railroads at
several point, when thie rush of im- I
migrastio will pour into it. The I
prairie extend in the s ihape of a trian- I
gle from Alexandria, on Red River,
as the apex, by one side to the month
of the mouth of the tSabine, and by
thire other to the month of Tech ea
with the third side extending along
the GulT. The prairie proper con
talis nearly 3,000,000 acres, erossed
with numerous wooded streams in
every direction, while the sea marsh,
which is equally aps good for cattle
saisingas the high prairie, contains
2,000,000 more acres. This triangu
lar tract is enclosed on two sides by
the Ilrgest and densest forests on tIhe
continent, and is open broadly on tihe
third to the soft air of the Gulf. The
ehmate is mild in winter, cool in
summer, and the whole region is bet
ter protected against cold and vio
. lent cbtanges of weather than any
e a ther region of the Union. It is this
r whieb makes it anapproaehable as a
ecoti atry. Tie omanDy floorish
thre up a this prairie than in
poton aof the country East of
l a Mountaias, which indi
i,, I.to lnIw that the stuck of cattle
is nO ouly increasilng in this prairie
'1,i,, lint that nearly every portion
1of iLuisiana is filling uip with an iml
lt vcd hIlred t icattle, graded onllt the
1,1 .tock. 'Tihere criee blit ftew clt
le l-ist by tthe cohl iii Louisianiiilii, t
tlhi,llurds rind tei s of tholsans weri
f il o ir died of t;irv.l tion on il tihe
_.4at plains oif t West and all over at ttie'
S\'exls. 'T'his is greatly in faviior of
thilte illlisiail sto44ck raiser, and is a 1 ?1ii
l;iige srole oir th:º superin"iity of the publir
liin;tic. The 1,530,0001 acres of pine 1 br i·
list.- in Louisiahna, Which lie near the r;n e
ulat, ae iis good a1 the i 11tinre for1!
(ost ucIl, if the f'r Uent lhtl i gs C . ulll F l
It l e l preventcl. A Large area of such au(h
lae 1n+s lies in the Florida ;parishes4, a I ishd
onil bl e rapidly lpul t jilto ' grass i
nledl for cattle raisinig withl great
lI1 .-1li N. 1. Tiltnes.
4 Small Farms. IC
to From Mur Ilomne Journal.
oi The greiatest lipSsillet,h iiower and
I strength of a nation lies in its intelh-i
g(,ent funters. When these becoelne
el uliticientll l 4t it111n r(o15l iii any sectlronl
lto1 control the w1aitn f tureti s of (1)11
goVer'llntenlt, their lilers are ever of 1t
ctclass, w i from necessity, are ohlig
Sed to obey the lehesis of the ii;tsses
al Whose servanits theyl are. ,11 slparsely
In settled regionl tlerel is us-uallyl i
waInt of conibination and attelntion
to lpopI r inllterests, which liermlit
li- hands of anlly kind of schlll(cls :idi
te irrespji sible partile, who 111 illie
elt- ced iu tl ing theft followers into
lprovidiilg them with places. Ihe
iat solaLtion ll lhich is also sI ;ittciudaLL t
olt of sl, tsely settled cl ultlies, mlakes
people itliltercit to thlir best iliter
t- ests lleiic lthe iliportance of mna
ktug our rich and f,,itile secttion as
iit i tit i v i il
insof populous as possible, Wlit View not
i' . only of ictieasing o111' iitltial adviln
tl tages, iiildliustrial interests, and ifacili
ll tatinig collillclliatilt Wilth the world,
the but ;als to iregenerate oul r social col- _gigi
t, dition by all theli iuaiis that otrllr and
IIUst promlnise allccc sftl resuilts. '' Il r
'Tlierie lare innllneable advantagres thI
1 t attending the ireenciie of a large Cull- lt1i
tl regation of small farmiers in speciall rtes al
sectionus of the nounitry. The organi- -, 1
iver, zation of enrlest and intelligent peo- gives
o tilele, who cultivate places of tifty to the sa
t Ole huondled acres of varied crops, ti
Re- arouses a spirit of emullatiiln between fister
the peopile that results in good to i)1 a
ds of everybody concerned. Wheliever, ,,.,e1 1
too, too, se communities are earnest, 1uii1t
t and labor to elnjoy the greatest seed I
oui- amount of happiness that can be of thl
our found in rural life, they will soon put ton o(
ath in force all the elements that promise
hith to secure such advantages, and the 1o gtl
educe result is that such neighbolhoods wlk
Sthe soon become famous for their culture, of ti
ith a refinement, and general attractions, Testis
r and that make life a glorious pleasure
and delight.
The Southern country offers many
Sad- inducements of this kind-Louisiana
short- especially so, and it should be the 59..
r skin ain of the ditferent railways leading
semi- trom the city to offer every induce
s ment in the rednuction of freights and
cook- fares, to draw arolund their lines a An
lost of population that woulil make the fer
with tile spots to be found everywhere,
, and populous and flourislling.
ty hot We have written thus to impress
drain the facts on the minds of our read- WO
dever n rs, that small farms make near
t let- neighbors; they make good roads;
); r they lmake plenty of good schools and
pin- churches; there is more monoey made C
lie an prolportion to the labor; less la
tdle, bor is wanted; every thing is kept
neat, less wages have to be paid for
Scur- help; less time is wasted;i more is
raised to the acre, because it is tilled
I cla- better ; there is no watching of hired
e men ; aind the mind is not kept in a
of s- worry all the time. There is not
m ilutch money spent for agricultur:il
kitchI iulements. The work on a sniall
eira farmL is always puslhed torward in
cerseason, (and hence there is not so
lacefor much fear of a drouthl, of wet weath
etter, er, or of frosts.
alds Pop Corn Meal anlld Pudding.--Oue
Vorld. piut pop-corn tmakes sixteen pints
popped corun; crush withl a rollilng
pin on kitchen table and grind in
coffee-mill into a coarse meal, and it q
of the will measure eight pints; mix five
ious in pints with four pints sweet milk and
rs ago, set where it will warmn anti soak
med in should soak two hIous or more; then W1
isissip- add two eggs, sugar, raisins and
efrom spice, just as for rice padding, and H
ly, not then boil for a few minutes, stirring ant
tre d at several times to mix.-Trans. Am,
s rais- Institute,
T 'fexas cO(
r, ewing A Pretty Ornament.-A pretty u
STexas ornament for the sitting-room may be
n g the formed by taking large pine burs and
Sil the spriukliug grass seed of any kind in
y the them, and tihetn placing them in a pot
the de- of waiter. Whlen the br has soaked an
tly de- a few days it will close up to tlhe
eed the form of olid cones. Soon 'after the no
ch law- little spears of grass will begin to
et Lou- emerge fiom among the lamium,
te war, forming a beautiful hanging orna
organ- ment.
y na Moths in Carpets.--Moth will infest
bsiness carpets in warm rooms in winter as
per on- well as summer. A sure way to re
c k rais move them is to pour strong alum wa
rallied ter upon the door to the distance of (
t t they half a yard around the edge before
many the carpets are laid down. When
et t with sweeping, once in a while sprinkle
SLouii- dry salt upon the carpet.
ii is al- Curiosity in children is Ltat an ap
ut little petite after knowledge. I doubt not
It will but one great reason why many
roads at children abandon themselves wholly
Sof im- to silly sports, and trifle away all
t. Tie their time insipidly, is because they
Sa trian- found their curiosity balked, and their
d R iver, inquiries neglected.-Lockeo.
of Tecl Bring distinctly to your own mind
ig along the well-known fact that children de
er con- light as much in exercising their
, ossed minds as their limbs, provided only
eams in that which is presented to then) be
1 marsh, suited to their capacities and adapted
fr cattle to their strength.-Dunn's Principles
contains of Teaching.
; t on the Joy and Sorrow of Children.-Chil
livon the dren sweetens labors, but they make
nfThe misfortunes more bitter; they increase
cool in the cares of life, bat they mitigate
niibet- the remembrance of death.-Lord
and vio- Bacon,
t;4 iti s Kerosene and powdered lime, whit- I
a ble as a ing or wood-ashes will scour tins
roarish- with little trouble.
SEast of Strong lye put in hard water will
ia kndi- makre it soft a rain water.
HUTSON'S
LIVERY and FEED
s, A.P E.i 'r!. .
St. lenis St.. N.LýI'i TO11'T 0lEý, L,.
S I'Il I,I \IE ) to : (, U noltlat' ti,
pnhlic' in  erythin inl th,' F" ,I :l
t h'rry liue. H hh- is tir -crh)SA : urt
rin. ,'rdl ,,Iýn, 'iaill. for the c h liVellince:' atld
rl comfowrt of stck.
1 .'FEl) (.': V0' .oIs; $1 PER )AY.
li Ba cks man1 h,;g.ie, o, hire andl fur
I iiished lprom "ptly on al,plielion.
it I. P'. I LUTSON.
lbh. 17-1y. Proplrietor.
DAI EL PRATT'S 1rMPPoVED
"Rel nvilg Head"
COTTON GIN
PI'AT.EN''11) JILY 1 1,7:3.
I'RICE I1EDUCEDI
TO $4 50 PER SAW.
I Ihree sesons,: il several irecet ui
)r , ,ll IS lnts have ibeen athed. It obvi
I Ltecs all friction at the etlis of the cotton
box, pr.eveuti the roll from Il'l:king, andl
gives a LARGER YIELD) OF LINT fromt
I the same a:Il ouliint of Seedt tihan allll otllher
:ill in use. The Re\olvin- rhead light
ens the draft indtl causes thie tiiin to run
faster witll less driving powter, thus do
ilng a great deal more work within the
sanmle time, while econoliZilng steam or'
T iianimal power, thai any other Gill. 'The
st "ed being ginned very close, the length
)e of thin' sttilet is increaised, pIrodineing cot
lt toll on this a;ic'olult of aI grel'ter marlket
sovaliue. This improv\ed valuel, 'given by
ie length of stlaple, with extra 1llrodution
Sof lint, adtle to increased iinlount of
lwok done, nore' than covers the cost
e, of the Gin in every 10 I hales ginned.
rI I'estilomiailsl enlt by imail oil applicationi.
JOS. B. WOLFE & CO.,
S GENERAL AGENTS,
na
he 59........CAIONIELET ST........59
g NEW ORLEANS, LA.
nd C. L. WALMSLEY, Agent,
8 a August 2 ' JTCJ'll TO('ll i , LI.
HENRY GENlUS,
Worker in Tin, Copper and
SHEET IRON.
Corner Front and Trludea Streets,
NATCIIITOCIIES, LA.
8 -
f Wholesale and Retaildealer in all kinds of
d HEATING AND COOKING STOVES
Ig and sole agent for the celebated champion
CHARTER OAK
cooking stove. All stoves sold at man
ufacturer's prices with freight added.
Manufacturer of plain and fancy Tin
inWare Metallic roofing, etc., etc'
ot A large and select stock of Tin Ware
ed and House Furnishing good on hand
be GUTTERING. ROOFING, and all mal
be nor of Joh, Tin aid plunhers work exe
t icned with dispatch.
Steam Saw Mill.
J. H. STEPHENS.
(8even Miles Sonuth of Natchitoches.)
I AS ON HAND) and is prepfretl to fur
nislh on short notice all kinds of the
BEST QUALITY OF
tellow IHeart
PINE LUMBER.
Has well stocked lumber yard in this
city and at Mr T. Chaler's, on Cane riv
er where parties can have orders filled
promptly on application.
PRICE:
Five to Ten dollars per M. at Mill.
Fourteen dollar per M. in city yard.
Address,
J. H. STEPHENS,
At Mill.
Or J. C. TRICHEL,
Natchitoches,
And T. CHALER,
Feb. 17-1y. Cote Joyeuse.
SaLeopoold Cartel,
1 00F133 ROV5M
Corner FRONT and HORN Streets.
- March 25-1y Lunch free every day
B BUIST'S CARDEN SEEDS.
FULL supply will be on handsoon;
also onion sets and early rose potatoe.
Jan,. 13-4f. J. C. TRICHEL.
get up Clubs for the
U/O0-------
Should subscribe r at ournce, andsil
II
FOR 1 877.
Our inducement to Clubs are lib
eral. as.
----oo-----
LOOK HERE: fIjI
,t1to
t We wvill let each of our old Subscribers who pro
T"c cees us one new Cash subscriber at our usual rate. .
Shve the VIoDICetOR one year for Two DOLLARs. That)
tl is both subscribers can get the paper for FouR DOL
rI. LALS AND FIFTY CENTS.
CIe Club Rates.
Single copies........................ $250
O Twenty copies to one address........ 4 00
A copy of either, them
Saturday Evening Post,
Leisure Hours,
of a club of ten subscribers.
CASH must accompany e ry order.
nemit by Draft, Postoffice Order or Re tered Letter.
T1
JOB WO S
Sta
Our Office is supplied with a splendid a tment of s
hske
Job Type and Liberty Job P ses,
11h
aevt
and we are determined to do as good wo as New I
Orleans, and as cheap. an(1
Art
BLANKS, Not
POSTERS,
CIRCUL ARS,
ºe sell
, BILL HEADS, E
LETTER HEADS,
BRIEFS,
PROGRAMMES,
BUSINESS CARDS,
and all kinds of work executed with neatness y
dispatch. 56
slo
Address,
ir
Ii
lay j. H. COSGROVE,
s. EDITOR AND PUBLISHER,
o PEOPLE'S VINDICATOR, Nachitoches, La., P. O. Box, 120
OUR COUNTRY ' ! a
0 WHAT WILL
Become of It ? 1
.Is theqlisti to now agitatin" I, pbli II i"
tminl. I
'T'hi' grave isis before ('onl.ress: the ,
itllals t e l wie llnt of !Il la e ii e tl, i ll nt i
el,,tli0o l : ilit inictll ill (',1 r!'r .. - 111," cll, t
1'\\t lresii nt ; l ,' I't li- y 1, 1 t , t t
!ihi 'oti1 1'Y iiiti piit 1'l , at re il l|or . u of 4
Igri t i teiest 111th' ail a tl i v eT1' iit li i 11- 1
al. hili a th rij.iu s i .not 1i hi- 11 i o! uii l t Ied
siin tit lh,. lrhit iti'on of I;nu v i ub t' . is4
A Truthful hiiiu try .f ill its, ani d. pe
in s OIf n('111I r'sti s wi ll e gi \. i with 1it- it II
partiality aiid tfiirlnl,, i o t li t Ail
CINCINNATI ENQUIRER,
a prhlie spirited tipIr edhoing the wishl
esto the peopleh. altl\-ating ' sWlmiSsio
to tilt' h Lws, g11)tl (;w')'l o ernlmltntl , anltl the.
aRighs not it ihl, 1ii1h t. I- he party l nti all
lllttrers that pertain to t phe cnllietry'
Ti'le Tri'ky I'<liti.ians, al.\vays rea y
to (organiz e t.roull, bilt who inv'%r11' 1
tirilpt'' ill da ,?'(r, will h.. sh own\v up in
their true chara'tles. IBy snhscrihin',"
for the Emi.iivr, yvu ,will get a tfitihfulint
rTc ernl of ;mint, s tlo tS y b 'trapirt. with- iti
out I'Pal' y ('o,,rilg :11a lll i :'d hy par- 1
ty fieelig. "il lh true ile lri. i.n a news- l l
paper is its ahility and willi.g nss to 51
give tile illi
NEWS AS IT COMES, lti-h
and not as it is i,irlare'ld bly parlty ileila i
tgogues to islead the pleople. Splecimlu loln
copies frco. altilt
Terms of Subscription. ujniti
F & , n I'
FOR WEEKLY.
Sii ' ('oi1y, out yeir. .. ........... $: 4 011) 1
.'iveCoi ..1 n75 tcl h ......8 7/ l_
ell " ' .. I i;11 " ..... n0' ai0
Tweniity " .. 1 50 ' .....30 ( 1'1
- ý ---- Col
.'(ºR DAILEY. A
Witlhotsuttedl .v'e. Mrith (,,, l...,S.
By Mail. tne l 'a'.3I-J! B1 Mail I l\ir ?14 in t
Six llnts . .... in Six M. thi) .... 1
l'Three i' Monlilhs... 3 e5 2: Three \Mlnth. .. :3 -, l
Oine Month........ 1 5 Ollne Molnthii..... I 5,i lnt
for speiah nln tc'll is iltd agen;its' it ilit. eval
YAgents wanted at every ERoYt-olicet. eil
Address all letters to o. a
FAlRAS & McLEAN, Prn.iSii:isr,
'i- Cincinnati, Ohio.
a lrhIEE T XT NION T
)L- MONTGOMERY BLAIR, Editor.
Published Every Morning (Sine- sni I
days excepte(d) at
927 D STREET N. W., e
Washingtoni , D. C., tyAll
BY HENRY POLKINIION. 4
Address, Box 484, City P. O. pet
'The UNIION is served shy carriers to oll
sulbscribt's alt 15 celts per \week, (r 5( i" ,
cents iper month. Siighle co'pies, (lhrce l
cllnts. By mail, (Iostage prepaidt) 60t
tents pt-r ilontlh, or i7.li Ier year. All fir,
suhscriptihns nuost lie paid iiiv'riallly in glu
allvanel an1'
50 The UNION will e sent to etlllls iat n
the rate of i; l"p year, , Ipostag,+ priepaiil.) ant
50 a:tes of olviertisinig finriiislihcd on Ip
00 pliat iol. 1
5I
N,\ewstlli'ers orilerinig Til: 1'i:rsx will tin
lie supplie"! at the iusul; l rates. The pl'
iiuoney init inivariiablily accomially il- all
Lit
order. t
All l; h lk hlicuk r4i4list he :tantllljid. t
All Iltlsile l': s .are elltllll i tllelilS llll i'
adduiessed to 1he W'lilishert it the iiion."
The UioiUn is conducted on contirel -
caih pnriniiphds.
The nioun i tll-e ouly )lmniocrqtic ili
ly itllillld at tlihe selt if Gioverlulnlnt. 1
It is dedicatel to the l dispaissionatt di ts
cissiOti of the evi-its alnd issiius of thli d
Ihour. In le 11ihligta'e of thile initill Lit
editorial, "'h111 ilninediato olijet-t sought
i ti lhe estiiblishluncit of thiis papll"r is to alid n
in pirex-enitilg thlie nationi froi Iiiig slub
iected tol the ills which lmust result froli till
placilng its Chicef Magistrlacy iu aihe\anlce,
iiid firlstrtiinigl thle grealt reforli,s of aid- p
lIlillitstrltiOli anid filialIIiCe ldecreedl l the
vote of' Novemlber, and we hope so to w
conduct the palper as to delnonstriat its t
utility to the country at largi-, and to
secure such sunpllort from the ipeople as 5
I e to ass-ure its success and permauenIcy. li
- ------ tht
ter. PRIME ENJOYMENT FOR A YEAR,
Less than four Cents a WIeek.
MAKE IIOtE ATTRIACTIVE IBY INTRO
IDUCING( th
TH1 lif llElllll I llli P0 T.
Which for moreo thn 55 years has been vt
the best It
STORY, SKETCH & FAMILY PAPER v
as is well known all over the United
States. It is published weekly, contains u
t Of eighlt large pages, clearly printed on good
paper, tillted with tho choicest stories tulld
sketclhes by the best writers; no sien- ti.
sational trash, but such as a mother is u
willing to have her children read. Tilhe
whole tone of the paper is pure and el- a
evating.
wIt elso contains Historical and Biogra
phical articles; Scientific; Agricultural l
and H usehold Departments; Fashion
Article weekly, fresh and excelled; III
morous Notes ; Literary Revievws; News 1
Notes; Boy's land Girls' Colunns .
and Sparkling Editorial, etc., etc. ii
Ijust sudh a paper as everybody loves to c
read, and the price is only 51
TWO DOLLARS A YEAR. I
Sample copy contaiining clubs rates, etc. ti
sent on receipt of a 3:-cent stamp. Address
NO. 650 BENNETT & FICTII, n
72O Sansom Street, Philadelphian, Pa. ]
N. B.-Be sure and nffix thile nnmber
650 before IWExxrr & FITcl, so that we
may know through what paper the sub
scription comes.
TIHE SUN
1877 NEW YORK. 1877
t
The different editions of THE SUN during
the next year will be the same as dtlurig the
S year that has just passedl. The dlaily addition
will on week dayibo a sheot of four pageis, or
51 broad columns; whila the weekly edlition 8
will be a sheet of eight pages of the same dinen
aions and character that are already familiar to a
our friends.
THIE SUN will continue to be the stlrenuous
advocatt of reform and retrencihment, and of
the substitntion of statesmralship, wisdom, and i
integrity for hollow pretence. imbecility, and (
fraud in the administration of public affairs. It
will contend for the giovernmenllt of the peililh
l the people andl for the p-opli, an olppElild to
oveiiiliniit byi frlaids ill the ballot- box aidi in I
he tcoiuniting of -votes, enforced by niliitairy 1
'olence. It will indlavor to su;plv its rnad
s-a body now lnot far from a uillon of mouls
S with thie moist cartfll, collplhite, and trust
rthy accounts of current evenlts, and will
plo' for this puirpoao a nmerousr and care
-E R ty f heited astaf.of reporter, ,nd correspl-.
ts. Its reports frln lWashinlgtoln, especial
will be full, accurate, and fearless; anid it
12 1 douihtlss colntinue to deserve and enjoy
X hatled of thoso who thrive by plundering I
Treasury or by usurping what the law does
I',t Iiv them. it hil it t ill n I.v, r to t 'ti
th ,relthhw of th" 1 )'1. b) f~ . t i .
'"I htý - l t!~ p),",,r , " ;', bluvt t)(, ( b usv+O;l,.]+tll l
1 h11 3,1 . i 1 ) 11i O,, .! \ ý, " , \ " . I. " d Il
11 1 )hI \ .3 )U
;I l+ iih Il .I'l;l . ,'.l -I pdt " i~i,
th, ,nkla\ liti,,n 730
Th, i I Nil li , t ,
j 351II.'i I, ' ~ii t I \i~ 9IkI
71 i t PE O PL. PAPERt I'7
!t l ( , \ 1 : ,1 H , t ', a ll, fi l + Pl' t h f 1 ,1 (": 1 . .,, " ,' ,,I" ,l vj . i
ilar wi l i in,, ofnhsa on I
lThe , cilh , 1 , tu, ,i 1 Il le- A t: 'if
('iiniiiis i he f &xperi- H ok aliiitv n
im it Il : . ru l u l i"1 n al 1111. riiite
,t i . n( l i in , ,ie ti ,,. ti, :,l i l nor.
'i, 1,,itI : ri, I "h l I l 1 , ti d 1 .:t1 . It .
113 i e I h11' :Itt hoteI .' iitch t 1 It ~ 1ii fro " t,'}
- it s con- 'II t ) n t iu ;it, 1111 I , m h ill v l
(ltnll ldb it i( it t, 1, " 1. I .ab le, ispi
lu" i 3 1 iv u ii e or . a 'l a," i t alo
At iit, i Tl. - t )ii l kitm an
'77 THE PEOPLE'S PAPER '11
SI fth illGrat  i .i  all Familly Newspaper,
o('Ii i i'nrs the exp -rienc . bility and
mnt::trial rrsounr:"s of thrcc 1113-tinwc ],oi.
ill utthe plaltigs of naili'nitl reullte
Hw l ouiti illli i3 . itle Cou riersvillc Jour
ial a: 1 Loni. 331 II-m crat-und is fur.
S iilt n t hr r*'IES t aill cnu ite ncW rel
sI iui'g from 1t(1":1;'1 - half a cenitturv of
their i l "iiX111idu 1 al ot1 cohlll utl, s, cces ,
TIhc W eckl Coll irr-ionrna~l is not a
, S',re h'imstu hot o-ptch thrown front" the"a
,,tily editio t , .lt t a i om, r lt, , ble,.l spice
pt iril nhtBiP 1iintr, erfi llt ahttd intelliC
-',titliite k in " riciy -intun rnd wpara
Chiiri frot 22.5 standard books, or any
Ae r o the leas t in ,1.i o.lazin' s or illio tre. -
}' tlel pleriodia ls ulr i i ye pittance in
3 utddition to th3' price of the Cottrier-Jour,
nal11( alone.
7IPOEMS aTH tPiE Weeklydl
Coirio urnal ou for 3.00.
A splendid Mali of th~e South, Size
8x3e inces, hair sonl.y colored, vary
nit- .e 1 huk ng oan rollVs, rwtail price
to : i, t w ll he ltiis'nt dl to each snbsarie
.I ti'o the o ekly Cprier. a-inal who1 ne
,4l ITIrns. l2.00 a sar, postage paid. Lit
elial otlrls to ' llulbs of" five or more. Spe
Vilul copy anal desc'i ltive citcular freilile
Phces. Courier-Journal Co.. Louisville, Ky
'r II T W IVII LD
FOB 18 17.
The 1e\\ York World for 1877 Daily,.
1- t lilt-ii'kl. a .nd Wto inly, Wtill le fored
eto iel the chalest and best navpaper f
pubtlished ill the United 'States. It Will
he eprint l in an improved t fonunt wthnew
thie.dti polnthi u'best paper.oand no.expense
to' laor Wile l g a e spartco to nnll taio iti.
itile dicdietnt at the highest possibl
standlard. atyl to Coumnend it in all rea
ped;s to the rou~tidtence and approval of
the hest 'lasses in tic Coni) uniºty with
to out regardt to political opinions5 or relig
' 3111111 di-i 5 r reys.
T It Will lay bleforie its realders
r I ii i\'r r\\ o: DlDi Y of all kinds and
1i1 from all ilutarteres, by mail and by tele
in guqdh. carefully condensed and lucidly
arraudtngl, sIlcial ittr tioit t t'ing givento
at all ('ominiiorcial. Legal. Financial. Social,
1 I.) and Political I'ra1is l t io s in the City of
p - Nw' York anid the I'nit d States.
Fi1x. i{ii 33hs u, Rcitcingl and Illustra.
ill tin all C.otingtessial and Legislative
lit p ir,iceiiitgs at Wasitn ittull and Albany,
h , ll iteis.; of iiporttnce, l ligtios,
Litrar.v . Einational,. Stcint itic aiud Pol
iticl :ll Social Events, gay and grave,
S.1rs1 1osi,'i x.priE ANly pripared
firtis t ourhnal .y a iseiiaent staff of
"tccolit1 hed isilcnt writeus at all .LID
tres of i ntiresi h rouglhont thn world
LrinL, i Nu:, w ir rd lit:r18:ws by which
snint our dyrs will be kcpt advisei oferclf
Iii thing wxotth It u attilt itio in tile currenit
d Liti ithue ol Euiopii and Ameriesa
, liti4imts hi atit nll not aI wihorkse
ot- tof ill nioth lie evert ntiii expeonutll
iil. x 'ith wusic, thi laranta, liPainting, Scitip.
er tiiie aiti t all othir tranihes iof Art.
aie LulitoralI Articles muluuu every subjectef
ii present interest or innportainee.
the Fun the lrinihiples lin which The Worli
the will le governiid in its r liseuion sil
"it treat mneit of the public questions, it hlVl
ito Moflici to say that The World, while eow
ro servalle ni politics, desires the conbeyeh
rahion only ift whtt is good and wise in our
pubnlli instit ions ant! no limitations npon
- the right of pi ivate judgment and the
asriratios iiif Reform, save those wntoe
nit (riniposel . b jtidenice decoihitl.cd
a rational respect for vested righes.
for the hoiest opinions of all classe. -tIl
Rh- sects of 'men. While it has laboredft
o .the principles and hails the triumph l t
the Democratic party as alfrding .eit
Ipractical promise of Iteformn in our p~
. aliinstratr ions. city, state and nPoU
it will not be blindly devoted to the
emn i aniicimiit of at"y party or as y cliqp n "
Ith will freely canvass the purilic conidU
while it will treat with respect the .
'ER vate rights, of Public 31et, and it willer,
amnine fuarilwsy into the workings ot I
t Lrd national, state and mhunici.tal goyelh
rouid It will inculcate a steadfast rel
iitl upon the origital prituiples of o.
n tical systein as the only sound bi5 h f D
w it needed inth orvetenilt therein; an unf81
The eriuir devotion to the Constitution d
el- the ~Uniomt, a scrupulous fidelity toth
spirit as well as the letter of orlt.
gra- and a sleepless vigilance in amaintaia4
r toral all the great safegurad, of Civil
o Religious Liburrty. It will seek t. l
Ir igate and not to itggravate the evilS I
ro- eltarail e tronin Party Governinent 135
us Free Country; to promote good ad
ill feeling union i tour fellowcitzuso
a to creeds and co ors, all sections iad
sects; and to advitnT e both by it PI
cepits and by its example the reign
Reason and of Law over prejhgdinl
passioui in all o011r public ahtion an4d
tc. the discussihon of all ptnlehic affairs.
ress It will do fjvstice always to thell
its ability to all men and to all cla l
[I, nietn; it will recognize no enemies bu~t
steties of good Wiorale public orders
a* the law it will epdearor, in a w
mte take its columnis a terror to evill
twr and a praise to theim tha t do well.
itub Nor will it lose sight meanwhile ofh
a ngreat and legitimiate derand ofi
reading public for enterteimtrnednt.
h WORLit will keep its resders thfo
of ill that is amusing as well a
that isnio nentutus in the movenee
Ioiety an( will spare neitheratrl.
nor xthe oriinto provide them with "
ted animcy ated and accurate pictudil oft
ntimes in which wr live.
tring -
the Uni TERMS-POSTAGE PREPAli
ition Daily amd Sundays one yearf
nton six months, $i; trire months, 2iai.
ien Daily without Sundays, ofe yoit,
ar ei six nouths, $4.25; three months,
less thait tlirue niont hs. $1 a munith.
illum filn aaddurflowcte so
tilg iiThe Sunii-Weukly World (To sa
r ane anu Frida os)-Two Dollars a yesr.
anti Clib Agents---An extra copy forle
rs t tn; the Daily fur climb uf twentty4
Ti'he Wieekly World (Wo dnesudiciay
a si in Dollar a year. Tp Club Agention
titiOr tra copy for club of tumi the SetflP
rue' ld for club of twenty; the Daily for
ofIhttof wiotl(.
i will Specimen n numer sent oi al i
cart Teriii---Cas, invar, in aomdvanl!
mak All coaddsatrort vi~t
Ailtl coimmunicatiuons slhonild bead
anit ed to THE WORLDw
irig Corner Park Row and Btekrtamn.
idofs al htioauig wel aTV