NA 1TC . T)CTO HES
SATUIWI)AY - - - - Jan. 9, 1J75.
AdTertising Uete|.
4UAlxMn, I a J 3 3
equAxIa, L !2 L "
1 , s'tar.. - 4 4 1 411 Si I
2 lar.l... 7 10 9 I 5 tS ) 9 1 i 2S +'
S .quate ... Iat i at, t I 'U t ,Is 3N 1 00
4 q'piaare.... 14'' 'I i i ,'I 1 1ol .'1li 0I 15 )"
5 11anater'.... I1' t* Wj ' 7 t? .5 1 IIIO 41) Ofl
A '1 ar +... ,t) I 9 09 34 411 frI 45 lb
7 laq irelll... 1' 27 i, 34 I ) . )Ill I'y 1 0
,8 sqlaxr a...l " 30 t I 4 1) Off f,5 p V il 1):
1t squa re... 4 30 1 36 1 AeO 57 9a 11v5 110' i
15 isquares... 431) so 00 td O 1ot i-O 1.+ i 1. w
20 squares... 691 I,00 0 0:9) 19 -01 0 051 IN(
10 lin:os Brnvior. flr.t trrti,e. F,,ch snb..
qgnnt inerltion i re1nts per qlare.
ORl JOB OPFFICE Is riop)li0d Fwith A
great variety of trin. and work In this i)Ae'at:.
:eovt perforaned with aeastn,. and at mnoder.
Ste prices.
Terms, CA+. I an dell r.r of work.
Rates elf Sberlptieon.
Sne Copy one reer ...................... 1.O
One Copy Aix months ........... ....... 0or
(P'anhle Is a4vnee.l
Notice to Contributor.
No commnnications will be pnhlished
nnless aeeompenied by the aathor's real
name. But one aide of the sheet to he
written upon when sent to as for inser
tion.
Artieleu to he short anid to the point,
to hlive attention.
These are our rules and they rust he
strictly adhered to.
Defth Blow to Liberty.
We stop the press to announce the
t' i veCWsr of the overthrow of the
.,...' "L,,yilatare, by Grant's army.
•r..: apprehelnsions prerail end the
,4,dluct of the administration is deo
nounced as revolntionary.
means "I don't know," ac
cording to the late Editor of the
Natchitoches Repiblican. Another
convert-we are all good when we see
the old man coming with the switches
-hoopla.
The Congressional lnvestibating
Committee for L:isiiana left Wash
ington for the scene of their labor on
Saturday last, 26th nit.
The Editors and Proprietors of the
Shreveport Times have each hben
presented with a fine gold watch by
the citizens of Shreveport, as a to
ken of the esteem in whicl the peo
ple hold them. We can say tht tht they
richly deserve all praise, for the
Times has been, and is a power in the
land, and it should he cherished by
all true Loaisianans as the fearless
defender of the rights of our down
trodden citizens.
The people of Natchitoches will
have no officials for some tinfe to
come, for the batch "ground out" for
us by Wells and his Returning Board,
will probably draw pay and reside in
New Orleans, but they can never
come here in any capacity. Courts
of arbitration, we suppose, will be
established to facilitate business, and
Committees of public safety organi
zed to put down crime, both will be
found to work better than Radical
courts.
Rain has been falling in copions
quantities during the entire week;
weather extremely cold. River rising
fast, with plenty of water for first
class boats.
We have received a letter of A. H.
Leonard & Co., of the Shreveport
Times, which informs us that the
Times is handed te the mail rider eve
ry morning of publication, and should
reach ns the next day. Mr. Contrac
tor you will now see who is at fault.
We want the Times and must have
it as soon as possible after issue.
The Garry; Owen reached Grand
Ecore during the week, and took out
all the cotton she wanted. We are
under obligations to her enterprising
Agent, Mr. A. J. Alberts, for late
favors.
Mitchel with his popular packet,
the Flets, will ever be remembered
by us. He supplies the wants of the
trade this week with the Al large
steamer BSeminole, and will be pre
parted to do all the business in sight.
"Flat. popular Clerk, Robbins, will be
found in the office, with Rowland as
assistaunt. The Seminole is a new
and commodious boat, and will, we
know, give satisfaction to the public,
while in charge of the genial bMitchel
and hi. popuar corps of 9flieers.
By our Itest it will be seen that
we have QLORIOUs Nuws to give our
citizens. The Legislature met at 12
o'clock on ths 4th inst., and organ
ized by the election of Wilta as speak
or pro tern., and seated the conser
vative members from Caddo, Bien
ville, Winn, Jackson and DeSoto
thus giving us a clear majority of
fourteen. Thus we win, in spite of
all combinations, Retauhrig Boardxs
or armies. New we can look for the
Sprosperity of oar co'ntr~i.
Intimidation in Natchitoches.
We pbilish in full elsewhere the
aftidavits of citizens of wards 5 and
6, black and white, las evidencee of
what they know with regard to in
tinmidalian of colorhed vo:ter.s by
White Leaguers in those wards. It
will he seen that the residents of
those wards, known of no such per
sons as Janes Brown, Geo. T. Boy
de. M. T. Green, lteotert Clark. Al
len Halal and Eli Williams, residing
in the Parish of NatchitecheM or in
Wards 5 and 6, and further, that per
feet peace and quiet, and the .aabence
of all intimidation marl.bed the regis.
tration and election of 1874, in Natch
itclhes, save on the part of Packard
and his U. S. Depnty Marsh:ala and
U. S. troops, who overawed and over
ran itn front oti end of the parish to
another, arrested citizens without
warrant or law, nupo;i charges known
to be ftdse, simply for the purpose of
driving away from the polls the
white and colored members of the
People's party. In truth of this stlte
ment we have fowarded the atfidavits
of fifty-three white citisens who were
driven from voting at wards 11 and
10, by A. Phillip Blreda, and J. Ernest
Breda, the one a candidate for Coro
ncr, and the other for Parish Judge,
upon the Radical ticket, and acting
as U. S. Deputy Marshals with possee
of U. S. Cavalry at the polling places
upon the day of election, these sworn
statements will be submitted to the
Congressional Committee for their
consideration and are dulticate oriji.
rals of thoe abstracted by the ]Return
ing .Bioard.
We venture to say that the election
of 1874, was conducted on the part of
our people, with all moderation and
fairness, we had command of the
power to establish polling pl;ces, and
coueld have placed theam !io as to de
ter in a great measure, the colored
people fretn having an opportn:ity to
vote, as has been done by all the
Radicals sinee reconstruction, for
there has ne'ver been a polling precinct
in any whLite ward since .l.es, on the
contrary, all voting places were upon
the rivers, and ill thick settled negro
neighborhoods. The people's Police
Jury of 1874, established the voting
lprecitlcts in every ward in the parish,
with two boxes in Natchitoches, ma
king thirteen places where citizens
could vote, and we defy the Radicals
of Natchitoches to point to a single
election in which they had over six
boxes, and they all on Red River-not
one in the hills, where reside the mass
of the 1500 white men of Natchito
ches parish. All the Radicals here
know this to be so, and what the
honest people of Natchitaches` de
mand, and inltemnd to enLforce, is a hear
ing of their statenmnt of the case.
For six long years have we been rob
bed and plundered by just such men
as get up these afflidavits. Kellogg,
Clinton, and tlhe entire radical riing in
New Orleans, are well aware of the
condition the property owners of
Natchitoches have been subjected to
by such men as Myers, Boulit, Blunt,
Raby, Pierson, preda and others, and
in the fulness of his lies, the Govr
ernor (?) held up his hands in holy
horror at thile tale of our grievances,
and promised us speedy relief, which
as usnual lie never fulfilled-on the
contrary, hlie proceeds to saddle upon
us the same men who are responsible
for the evils under which we suffer,
and of which we demand relief. It
is useless to ask us as men to con
tinually submit to these outrages&; to
continue to allow ourselves plunder
ed, insulted and murdered. It is de
manding an impossibility, contrary
to nature, and we cannot consent to
it. Let us of Natchitoches, ask the
independent press of America, what
ire we of Louisiana ta do in the
event Congress fails to afford us re
liefI Wdehi Congress wcill fail to do,
as sure as the sun sets. Are we to set
camly and see our homes taken from
us, ourselves and families driven beg
gers into exile Or shall we show
the world that although matched
against villainy and might, we have
still virtue enough to defend our lib
erty and our firesides to the last gasp ?
This may be all sentiment and patti
otic enough, some will say, hut poli
oy demands something else. Policy,
that cold and dumb idol, is poor shel
ter for a people in the last throes of
their existence, for consolation. Poli
cy was what Patrick Henry, Wash
ington, Adams, and thie thousands of
patriots of our Revolution fought
against; had they but listened to tlhe
independent nmen of thie Colonies, the
i freedom of America would have been
an ,ntried theory, and on thie grave
of their hopes the patriot could have
well written the epitaph of Macawber.
H ow long would the people of New
York or of any State North, stand 8
per cent taxes, to pay debts contracted
for no plurpose under leaven Millions
of money spent for a pariah whosa
people were ailnost ruined by the
war, and not one public imuprovem',ilt
to show where the cost went. No
Rail Roads, no Canals, no Bridgfs,
the people all paupers and no poor
house, thieves rolling, in wealth and
honest people starving, is a colored
but a true picture of oar condition
to-day. Let all our friends in the
North hlear in min'l that the State
debt of r."i,Q(0,(()O incurred by Radi
cal legislation is not a drop in the 1
bucket to what the people have hlnad
squandered for them. The parish of
Natchitoehes alone, with lfroperty
depreciated from t millions in 18i1,,
to 1 million in 1874, owes three hun
dred and fifty thousand 4dolars at
least, all of which has been rsent by
Radicals and negroes, and put in the
pockets of favorites. If every actre
of land in this parish was sold to-day,
the proceeds would not pay our share
of the State debt and what the par
ish owes, and still we are asked to let
this state of affairs continue to exist
until such tiie'at the returning sense
of the people at 'large will afford no
relief. We propose to bear and suf
fer as long as we can do to with rea- 1
poet and no further. When we con- I
nider that the end has been reached I
we will then act in a manner befit- t
ting our manhood, and care lint lit
tle what outside people may think or t
do in the matter. Let the iudepen- j
dentit press read the a avits, of fir t
unknown men, upon Rhich wards 5 1
andl 6 were thrown oat by the Return
ing Board, and then turn to the sworn
statements before a Republican Clerk,
of colored and white voters, of iRadi
cal Supervisors and Commissioners of I
election, and remember that the judqe
to whom. we apply for redress i, the rer!,
man i who is the fratner of the fiorgedi
tdocument, and then tell us to whomn
are we, to appeal for justice. "People
of the North, "put yourselves in oure
pilace" before you pass judguient, and
then say to us what to do.
Gone but not Forgotten.
Prince Boullt, the prime mover and
instigator in all the corruption,
abuse and villainy, under which the
white pe:'ple of Natchitoches parish
have, for the past four years been
groaning, departed hence per Steam
er Garry Owen, on Monday last.
lie leaves us execrated by every
thing virtuous in our community, and
his name, D. II. Boullt, will be re
membered among coming generations
as that of a monster, and synonimous
with thievery and murder.
Coming to this parish years ago,
lie as a young man made many friends
and was received in ¶ertain social
circles until his alliance with a quad
roon woman, by whom he has a large
family, when he took that social level
to which such conduct would entitle
him. During the war he was a
stannch Confederate, and after only,
when he associated himself in the
capacity of advocate and member of
the VWest gang of ent-throats and
robbers, did his true character show
itself. He is responsible far the mar
der of Lt. Butts of the U. S. Army
in 1866, and received his share of the
"swag" from the cold blooded mur
der. and robbery of men, womenu and
children, by J. R. West and his crew.
Of all this he was publicly charged
by Gen'l. McLaughlin of the U. S.
army, and the facts can be substantia
ted.
But his cowardly soul was filed
with its measure of delight when he
secured the position of tax collector
and leader in the Radical party, when
hlie might rob and lmurder and, not be
amenable. It has been estimated that
he amassed a fortune of over two
hundred thousand dollars in five
years, with an office which honestly
conducted would yield about $5000
per annum.
We have done with him thank God,
'"depart in peace ye cursed," we will
never forget your villainy--your out
rages upon us. May you live exe
crated and die damned.
We are pleased to note the passage
of an ordinance by our City Council,
which provides that fifty per cent of
all taxes and licenses, shall in future
be paid in currency, instead of City
Script, as usual. The currency thus
obtained to be sold monthly at the
Mayor's office, to thle highest bidder
for corporation warrants.
We can but applaud this as a wise
provision, for thq collection of a part
of the taxes in enurrency, is in itself, a
step towards a solution of the prob
lem of the entire liquidation of the
city indebtedness. The money thus
taken in can be used to redeem, at
least 200 per cent more in warrante
than we could hope to, in absorbing
in the way of taxes on standing ir
rants, when under ordinary adminis
tration the eupenditure for city ex
penses is nearly equal to the receipts.
We congratulate Mayor DeVargas
on the manner of his conducting our
municipal affairs, and in him, and a
majority of the board, our people
can boast of having an honest city
administration.
'I''! =azphlc Sumrmnsy.
Gen. Phil Slhridan and S!aff arri
ved in New Orleans on 30th Decen
her. lie has "pocket orders" to take t
comliand if a necessity requires.
lHouse of Representatives stands
53 to 53, and fears are entertained
that the Radicals will fail to "get in."
Congs'essional Committee in c80i
siln, .xamining witnesses from all
quarters. No anet of "intimidation"x'
yet proven, only "somebody said so."
Levisee testifies he was not elect
ed by the popular vote, but returned
ro by the Board, as representative
from Claddo.
Vindifcator and Shreveport Times,
"up for badness"-N. 0. Repubylicsa
our antagonist-nobody hurt yet.
Van Dozen has I~en discharged by a
the New Orleans courts.
8. N. Moody the shirt king, suici
ded in New Orleans.
Wild reports of kidnapping, killing
and general running off of Radicals
in New Orieans--all bnsh.
"Golden Rule" the correepondent
of the Brasher Nerws, which paper
by the by, has become tame under
the influence of a small dose of of
ficial pap,, speaks as if we were cn
gaged in an ordinary struggle in Lou
isiana, and that it dild the honest
mans soul good to love and cheri,,h
the friendship of the thieving RaJi
cals. No doubt the Correspondent
tindes comfort in his associations with
these men, and his Bibical maxims
are his main arguments. Suppose
we apply une profane proverb to hir.
case and see how it wears-and that
is "that birds of a festher, &c."
A person who would argue for a
social relation withI these men, must
himself be of no batter sthff than
they, or else the most whining of sy
cophants.
GLORIOUS NEWS.
The radicals are four members short.
The conservatives are all here but
one, giving us a clear majority, but it
is rumored the returning board is in
session and will return the defeated
radicals from DeSoto and Winn to
give radicals control. All the radical
members were housed in the State
House by nine o'cloek last night, and
all the doors but one barricaded. A
bar room and boarding house have
been improvised fof them in the up
per story. There are also about thir
ty yellow girls who board and lodge
the radical members ; thus your Chris
tian statesman, Levisee, is the right
man in the right place. The stheet
on all sides of the State I[Ioue are
garded by the police, and no citizens
are allowed to approach nearer thle
corners; the troops are abrut 1~.1fi
strong occupy the stieet~s, froni which
the citizens are excluded ; thus the
State House is envirooned witlh ftederal
bayonets; two-thirds of the metro
politans last night refued to act as
militia and all efforts of 'Packard to
organize a militia have faiiled and
the sole dependence of the fraud is
upon the troops. I think therefore
there can be no fight as I have osecu
no disposition to fight the troops.
The issue is solely between the fede
ral authorities and the people of Lou
isiana. If the returaing board does
not interfere we have the House but
don't hope for anything. It is now the
hour for assembling. Thousands of
people are gathering in the vicinity
of the State Hlouse. Will telegraph
again in a few hours.
New Orleans, January 4.--Tie
House. met at twelve o'clock. Roll
called by the clerk of the last House.
Quorum present:Billow, of Lafourche
moved that Wiltz of New Orleans,
be Speaker pro tem. Carried. Wiltz
instantly occupied the chair and took
the gavel from the clerk and called
the House to order. The Speaker
then appointed Seargent-at-Arms pro
tern. P. J. Trezevant appointed
elerk pro ten. Motion was made to
seat the conservative members from
Caddo, DeSoto, Win, Bienville and
Jackson. Carried.
GOM)WLE.
Dear Growler :
Can yean tell us young Ladies why
our young men will persistently visit
us and never "tell their love."
BELLE.
We would say to Belle, tlhat she
has the ring of the tree metal, and if
tlytt don't wring a confession from
some "young man," then we have
forgotten "how it goes." Belle, these
are hard, hard times, and its as much
as "our youong men" can do to buy
fins clothing, smoke cigars, pay bar
bills, give champagne suppers, dplay
cards and indolge in the other little
pleasantries of youth, withouit having
a family to support. How is that
Dear Growler :
Who is President of the United
States. Aixiovs.
Well we are in a considerable state
of "anxiety about it ounsleves.
Grant was cleted, but Wi ' iauis was I
runiiing the old thing until he "stump- t
ed" it last Novesnler, since which h
time l'ie's Magnolia whiskey seems
to have gzeneral charge, :ald the whole
affair has got "shaky."
Dear Grotler :
,What young man is it that kit's
his lady love at the gate. x.
X,'us. us if iyou p!c:se, we ilever
tell tales out otf as:iool, atLd then the
young wanl might itermuia;at3 us for
xposing him.
C. I. Daft'es, Capt. Aiken. arrived
at Grand Ecore Tuesdayl. l'hauks
for late papers.
-.-------W--
Editor Vindicator :
In your issue of last Sat raday, yov,
make a demand of the redeit Editor
of the IIepublican, as to whett,er he he
lieves the Conservatives curried this
State. This demand is mi:ule on an
article published in the lepqbliren,
of date Dec. 2', 1874. eintitled "Sugar
Piatulls for lepnblhiclans to suck."
The article in question was copied
ft rm the Donaldson:ville Ci;ef, to
which paper it should have been cred
ited.
It is impossible for me to state
whether the State has been carried
odr one party or the other, as I I;ave
no definites or ofticial iuforutiion re- I
garding the State vote.
I am nut one who. upholds wrong
doindg, no smatter from what soutme
it may enmanate. Believing always
that "honesty is the best policy," and
never having belonged to ring's!
cliques, or combinations, to leftamue
thie people. I am still a friend to the
M asges.
For years I have been made a pack
horse for Republican brains. Di)uitng
that time I have discovered that all
is not "gold that glitters."
Politicians are prejudiced, lumore or
less, according to their peculiar be
liefs. Always conservative in my
views, I have never advocated ex
treme measures. If I have erred in
judgment, I have not done so foru
pueseut circumstances. No upholder
of wrong-doing amng Repiub!icans,
still am 1 less a defender of the wrongs 1
of those who oppose themn.
When such papers as the New York
Tribune, New York Timnes, and Chica
go Tribune, all administration and
lRepublikan journals, repudiate the
acts of the Republican party, it is
time for honest men in that party,
be they black or white, to look about
them and see what will colnduce to
their heat interest.
Should the present political comnbi
nationsof this State lead to warlike
demonstration, I hope to be found on
the side of the people.
Truly yours,
W. H. TUNNARD.
The Decrease of the Public Debt
a Sham.
[N. Y. Post's Washiugton Special, Dec. 3.]
Although the public debt state
inent for November slowed an appa
rent decreaae in the debt of more
than one tanº etl tl huannul dullaris,
thlere is min concCeadluent, at the Trer.
sury Department of the fact that the
decr'ease wais effected by withholding
ithe piayment of severtd large war
rants until after the first of Decein
ier. Hadu all the denuiands on tlhe
Treasury been pronptly meut the debt
statement for the n,,,th just end.ed
woulh havr shown a coniiderabtle in.
crease in the amount of the debt. It
is well known heret that teis rceilpts
S'of the Government from all sources
since July 1, the beginning of the
fiscal year, have not been sufficient
to meet all demands, but this is part
ly explained away by the fact that
all demands are larger in the first
quarter of the year than in any other,
iut consequence of the appropriations
for all departments becoming availa
ble and being heoavily drawn upon.
THE RESPONSIBILITY FOR VICKS
IlrRo.-The Washington correspen
dent of the Cincinnati Enquirer aysi
that the responsibility for the recent
troubles at Vicksburg is now conclu
sively fastened on Goe. Ames, of Mis
sissippi. Parties from that State now I
in Washington unite in asserting that
the leading issue in the eliections
next fall in Mississippi will be the
impeachment of Gov. Ames, and they
claim that the State 'will be earried
en that isnsue by 20,0i majority.
Ames's whole career since he has
been Governor has been marked by
an utter contempt for public opinion.
His judicial appointments, his mis
management of jobs, and open con
sorting with depraved otficials, have
aroused a fierce public sentiment,
i which is not conflned to party or race.
lie will share the fate of Moses, Hol
den and Ilullock.-fPicaynne.
AFFIDAVITS FROx WARDS
FIVE AND SIX.
1O INTIXIDATION USED!
I. S. MARSHALS AND TROOPS THE
ONLY LNTIMIDATOIRS
SWORN STATEMENTS OF RADICAL
CLERKS AND SUPERIVISOIiS!
[coxTINeI, FROM FIRST PAGE.]
IHandy Linsey, John lHampton, Levi
Liles, Clas. Ross, Thomas Abbott,
John Gant, Ned Calhoun, I)Daniel
Lewis, Bill Elias and Edward Carr,
whosoe signatures appear to affidavit
regarding fifth stard, marked "A"
and I. T. Holden, Nelson Holden,
Henry Duke, Hlenry Dickerson, Sam'lI
Lowell, Webster Larkin, John Hlolden
Louis Martin and Louis-Price, whose
signatures appear to affidarit in re
gard to ward (0) six, marked "B" are
all colored men, and residents of
those wards.
"I further certify, that those parties
beinga,eti onei by me ;:ne ,
olatlis, seTrally sat.e d to me,
they had at tih, ,le'ctioi h,'ld in
wards, Nov. `d. I-74, rote:l ti,, P',
pie's ticket of t!,eir own free "ill ~r
accord, and:l withut a.,, i.it: i0.
whatever, that t;eyr couli,id hL;,
seel) Iproper, havrc voted ,. th , .
ian ticket, withbout linder*
wvi' hout bei!ig ir1vetcd f.o:t .
ing.hby any parties.
Witess my hatd ati,. o0i
this 2'2tl: )eemulher, 1;74.
(Sig.ed) JNO. A. B.lAWLry?:
D'y (:lerk, i th Ditric: ,,,U.
STATE OF LOXI::SIU'.
Parish ll, Nathl;itoche,
Before me the un1,der:i :ued authUo
ty, per'sonally came and apu,,,
ilervy llertzog, who heiug by me i!.
duly swoern, dapose and sa:, t,at
wai alppi)iteid a colnli:si !t.er
flecPtion for the tallin., precinct ,
Ward Six in this paridsh. for the elr.
tiun. bel on 2dl Novemer, 1874.:
lie aclted as such on sail day of elh:
tion, haviug been recolnlniendtle ft:
al)pointillilent to that position by t:
Rl ipublicean party r that ho alretln l
at said poll in said capacity tlh wh o;..
day of said election ; that there V'
oI) i;ntinldatinu used at said wari t
prevent roters fri', voting just ;
they pleasedl ; that there are and 1:;
heeu for several yeArs residenit ,i
that ward, a inumber of negroes who
have at all times voted with the D.
mocratic party conspicuous among
whom is Taylor Holden, a colored
maln of excellent character, and a
minister of the Gospel, whose infla
ence for five or 6 years has been usel
to induce Inen e,f his color to rot,
the I)emocratic ticket; that it i,;
noterious fact known to Dme perso:.: -
Ily, that there have been, p.i.or' ,
this election. more colored menr sup
porting the Democratic party in ward
six th:an in any other ward in this
parish ; that the election on said 4
November, 1874, was conducted in
perfect peace and quiet; that no per
Sn, was censtrained to vote other
than as he saw fit; that tle white
vote in that ward is and has always
been largely in excess of the colored
vote.
(Signed) HENRY HERTZOo.
Sworn to and subscribed before me
December 30th, 1874.
(Signed) JNO. A. BARLOW,
D'y. Clerk 17th District Court.
STATE OF LOUISIANA,
Parish of Natchitoches.
Personnally appeared before me
the undersigned authority Edware'
t Erernack, a resident of tho parish of
Natchitoches. who being by me first
duly sworn, depose and says, that he
w was one of the Clerks employed ifr
the Supervisor of Registration of N'
Schitehes parish in the election he!,i
on 2d November, 1874; that i:: ;.r
said capacity he visited every war,
in said pariah in company with the
Supervisor in making the registrat' ':
under which said election was held:;
that at no place were any persons
deprived of the opportunity of regi;
tering by means of intimidation with
in the knowledge of afilant ; that he
:imade up and forwarded to the S ate
SRegistrar of voters, from tiien to tim,,
!written reports of the proarese n-;.
Sconchdliet of said registration for .;i
Supervisor, and over his siglna;tus :
and that in no instance was intinm.
Sdation reported, and laid reports conl
-tain the actual state of farta ;'L
Ireference to the registration i. ~i*.
parish; tlhat espechiilly was tlhere I
intimidation of, or unhlwful interfer
ance with piersons applying to e
registered in wards tive and six olf
aid parish; and that in those wars.
the registration was fairly cnduc C
and every voter could register or in!o.
as he liked. Afliaat further state.
that he was and is at this time a lie
publican and was appointed as Clerik
t of the Supervisor to represent the in
teresa of that party.
(Signed) ED. EZERanACK,
Sworn to and suablscribed before mas
this 2d day of January, 1874.
PETER BURKE, J. P.
12th Ward, Parish of Natchitoches.
STATE OF LOUISIANA, I
SParish of Natchitoches.
t Before me the undersigned anther
ity personally came and appecrnd
)aniel Hubley, who fiBrat being duly
Ssworn, deposes and says, that he wTa
a eommniseioner of election and acted
Sas such at the poll in ward five of
Sthis parish, on the 2d November, 1874,
r at the election held then and there;
Sand was appointed as such by the Re
* publican party, and further, that lhe
is and was then a Republican and
I voted tse Repnblidean ticket at said
ward, sln said day of election; tbat
he waslat the said poll during the
whole day; and that so far as he
e knows, there was no iptimidatiol
used by any person or persons to pre
vent voters from exercising theirown
will aa to how they should east their
ballots at said election.
(Signed) DANIEL HUBLEr.
Sworn to and subscribed before me
this 31st day of Decem'oer, 1874.
(Signed) JNO. A. BARLOW,
D'y Clerk 17th District Court.
STATE OF LOUISIANA,
Parish olNatchlitoches.
After careful examination of the
original register of voters for the par
Sis. of Natchiteches, made by P. W.
Holmes, Supervisor of Registration,
prior to the election held therein, iu
November, 1874, 1 hereby ,~ortify that
Iby private Clert marks, kept by said
Supervisor to distinguish colored from
I white voters." I lad that in mward five
, of the parish of Natchitoches, the
t total number of colored voters reg
Sistered therein, in Nov. 1874,, as six
· ty-six, and in ward six of said piarlish,
I thas the total number of rmgistercd
Svotersl in ward six, was one huudtired
e and l'teen.
. In testimony of which witness my
e hand and oflicial seal, this 30th day
f o December 1871.
(Signed) JNO. A. BARLOW,
, D'y. Clerk 1i7th Distriot C;o ,