E)FFICT I~
ftpIk~srt urbl mmd Cillyrhlbtclocin
J 3 . CONEROT)F, ."Editor.
SATU~tflAY. --. AUG 31), I 79.
Te Oaght, Can and lest Subseribe.
The VnmWCATo bhas assumed a
position la the councils of the Dem.
oerasy, In advocacy of the princi.
ples of that party and in defence of
the Stas second to no journal In our
Commonwealth. Our ciroulation Is
l and constantly increasing, and
with a view of extending that clrcu
latios at eaee are marking an ex. .
traediasry offer, for which see our :
advertisinelag olumas.
The VTYimWrTo believes the vend
lag political contest fraught with Is
see, the magnltude of whlih can i
searosly be calculated, and of I
vital Importance to all true lovers
of liberty-We expect to assume C
a base of the dangers and ree
pomglilities of that contest., and I
we wat our words to go to every
bome la this State; we believe' that
whm the VimnncAoa is read It e ap
perelaesd, and hundreds who will 4
take, It till January est, at our low b
car, will continue to subscribe for E
It.
OC . 5.0.P. Boor, of BRtdes, Is s,
Sm dliaIe fo fSe'vreu rvof State. C
The New Ynrk DemoCnracV hsaA
altedas the last reports would in- ?
diat, and thelr success Is assured, r.
at least the HERALD savs so. t
The DeaRto DEauoCT will please
pilssto the ereterf of the ",wer J 11t
cioyr sstem" $54 500 per annum; di
which It will enst, leNs than the
"prsesot C.$mttntnn "
oa P. L. CratsoRx of Pnoli W(
Otniee perih, is a eifYtats for 'b
aUtmatendent of Pnhli E4,lrdtlon. th
and wear, glad to know it, for n ^"
abler purer or befter man lives ir 'e
Louisana then fil 'tthcl n. hq
--a
Thswuly of A. P ftewrt, **nlnn 'iy
fhm bk prlve In New Ywrk in No B
tuber. 1078. has heon reovyer'1 en.
Thethieves had it In rannds w't)I- th
tWe days after .zrnmn"q it. I, I 1
rted the received $50,000 for its o
mhen Aum. of Cald4wel varids.* ti.
mwel a r, a candidate for tlrnt fi
Stl of .this, the First Oirolt.
3dgeL i a gsentleman of hirh
ebssate°d a lawyer of marked
abilyn ead would be an ornament to
te e of thi or any ther 8tatse,
We ho e ee lm aith much success.
Warmeth in an Interview with a
lrthers newspaper man arves us
laberatiom that the ehifablisarna
WI! puttlsetmin the f04ld far State
OS.. this ail. Taylor Beatti. of
dhnsebe, is mentioned as their oy
petbale saeddate for Governor.
sad Job I, Stphesoa, of Iberville,
e TA, Goverwor..
Our esemed conatemporary the
hliaru, of tbine, we are glad to ,b
us4asa not serlone la Ite"lode- ma
dlist atil;" In faet It was writ- (
se ine o fo the joyous moods of ar.
t bI jemly Editor, "Just to see what
wn , ay ayouie." Olose up all
- -* n -em --·
Mhet will be no lack of esandi
es a r oveaor of New York this
fil. lb Nisass eounts eighteen oh
d(sin ralreadyl the feld-Church, the
Osper, Domdelmer, BHewiltt, Kelly, 4.
lir, oblasem and Tildean for the
d erats, and Arthur, Oonkllng, ab,
Omel, lus ak , lsted, Morman, pal
hSi3omersolne, Sloan and Star. ;E
inpor Mr. moter In theea
t. thlasl of. speckh lonautiously j
ea d, "We foo~ht lour ya tohe
S nrve this Uniona," his audience
tletllnatolsbws, and some It- ll
snMueellow spoded, "No, you in
di ot; yos eesoM goods four yare
mu mad miely WhIl Oeneral th
sindgi O mr a lce were at the
bk" that and of- mJlap Isb
rniltpa caajdlate. star
g Bw- Dwar hobts re~
b b d the cboe of Avoy. littI
dlib i1OovMrMor. It eays: r
Vt ir.ooprl thand
at of the the
when we as. lish
A. WIlts I
Governor of this
especially
oveowe d tdla
l ntStee io men
m tlunda-the,
ea of weary toll and
U i eIr fgirses on the 8
s•u1tie Stat. debt, should blotl
s ae ldiped by the m
m al liS e adopated, will mdl,
*qS e thee- boistly de. the
'b ~ ysate am 4 th1 grunad of thr
t Shl hhs Ipanthei n
ei atthelkis s ome
4 t ..the lew vig
b matter cOme
'w .- u
i*-.·.2
The Debt AgaIs. T
There Is not only the reason, and a
good one it is, that party unity, now rm
and in the future, demands the adop- bi
Iiltotb tiron of the debt ordinance, but there 'r
toi the greater reason than the attl .- I
Editor. ment seves more to the people, to P
the tax payer than sealing at 75 it
seribe. The debt as it stands under the t,
Constitution of 1868 is, in round "I
med a figures, $12,000.000 tb
Dem- Interest 7 per cent for th
pr - 35 years, 29,400,00
ce of Total Debt and Interest, $41,400,000 Y7
in our Tne Debt Ordinance as agreed up- on
o is on for submission to the people by
t, and the Democrate i caucus, recom- gI
mends the following settlement: the
FacPee of the Debt, $19.000,005 Sl
to ezx 2 per cent Inter't 5 years, 1,200.000 to
se our 3 " " " 15 " 5,400.000 rot
4 " " " 15 " 7,200,000) oe
pend- --- an
It ITotal Debt Interest, 525,800,000 aS
This shows a saving to the people let
I can in the compromise plan over the ole
I of Debt advocates plan of $15.600.000. sa
ovos The other plan, which failed to se- ser
sume cure 68 Democratic votes at any time, of
was,
tee- Debt, $9,000,000 il
and Interest at 4 per cent 35 cos
avery years, 12,600,00 fall
'that - the
Total debt and Interest, $21.600,00
Showing asurfiee saving of $5,200,
will 000; from which should be deducted
low $430000 for Interest suspended this
e for year; leaving the apparent saving
$4770,000.did
But unfortunately this saving(?) ou
R,, Is stops on that amount, whilr the our
e. Comnromire plan on', nn from the me
hour of its adoption. I A
hera This is explained fully in this wise. hay
I in- The debt we owe now is in round ago
Ired, fltres $12,000.000, and the interest the
thereon 2 per cent far the first five ma
vears, with a 3 mill tax to meet t. th
That 3 mill tax will yield an income oth
d- of $480 000, from which we will de- th
n; duet $70 000 ( large margin) frcost to I
of collection and delinquencies. A
Band bearing two per cent nterest isth
nioe worth at nttslde qto tation, not more
or. tbp.n 40 cents on the d. liar, and at
inn. this priee the State hats the power to,
r n^ and no doubt will. hby an a large u
t Ir amount of her Indehtedoess. Ala- n
hama, that settled her debt in the ly t
oame manner as nroposed in the Or. cnt
'l" ditnance under dtectleslon, had her can
No B nd qunoted at 38. and we has or thar
reV ",alenlations non 40 cents, at whibh den
hin the Sta.te could buv Un bar Bonrls.
SI° TLet Tn see then how m'reh the soU
r its aht will he at the end of the 5 ynrts.
We have carefully computed the in
teret savings with the debt reldu- Usi
t'" tion for purchased bonds, and we
e1lt ind the following
4t sISULt... Th
(*ash interest surplus, e4d 5 years, rail
I$939 337.30, Bonds prchased @ 40 N
t to cents, with same, $$ 348 392 75, which to h
t deducteld frm debt, $&i 000,000, will i
' leave a dhbt due January 1st, 1885, of fred
h $9 851 807 t5. A
We find a 3 nereent Alabama Bond C0n
a noted ( 58(l60 ceats, but to make
e sure, we pltne them in our caleltsula rg
tion t as worth e cents, and carryine safe
out the same plan for the neaxt 15 (IS
years, on the 3 per seat Bond we wine
r. fial the following Chi
Ie OLT. men4
Cash interest surplus, 15 yearrs, can I
$2.410 814 668. Bonds prcahasd4 El
the 9j cents with same, $t 14,41) 95, as.
to which dedeucted from the debt re. -
de- mainlin due Janualry lIt, 165, zof
rt- $9,651,601.5, leaves a debt. duelsan.. cla
I f ary slet 1900, of 6,437.186 0. lete
t The four per cent Bond would of
acourse go to par, but we would then lan
be nla a condition to handle the small Th
i debt of 66.437.1868.0, and pay It off ree
sat the rate of $15,519.s per yr, of N
s which Is the surplus interest as be
Sfore, whloh would leave m owiarng at It Is
Oh the end of the S35 years, just $,149,. from
I, 4989.05 stesr
Ihe t Is tterly ImpossIble to brlng Ie
Sabout any sauch reduction of prlnoi. take
'o, pal under the 5 cent plan, whichlob la
reame the neart beingl adopted, .A
and which we ar eodsiderIng. At w
the end of the 8s years uader the Tb
S oe,00,00 debt plan, we will htve as:
pl d $loo00,oo000 Interest, and redued 1i
Sthe debt not a elsgk fartAig, wble
Sunder the Ordlinane as proposed, we e t
will have paid in 95 yeears 13,370,000 sur l
0 interest and redaeed the debt to n.
$4.14 ,40s.0. This at oneeovercomes "Job
the sealing plan, and shows that the
savlngs under It are not real. The girl a
Debt Ordinance not only affords lin B10
stantrelief to the people, but it La oasly
is relief that gIrows as It goes and leaves
uasat the end of the as years wilth o
Slittle more than onethird of our tun
Spresent debt to pay. ki
d Will not some of those Journals
ts that atre oppooe this Ordlase, on ro
he the plea of the People's poverty, pub. Mocl
Ie 1sh this for the infolarmation of those ad i
i people? orgal
e party
to 103-----
All perseans aboumt to visit forein swiml
Is lands, sailors, 6sbehmene lumt,,r.
Ia men and miners should take with but
la- them a mpply of Johnon's Anodyne ats
51 nlinment. It Is both for Inatrnal
bll and externls os and is worth its Nei
weight It gold, Centr
_edLi
thoro
hel~8Ip dieease, fever esres, ulers, aoml
Id blohren, ImPes and maay loi*h. to t
di s sme a d ses arignate In to ato Ostot
be b d. Parsons' P1uratlve Pills made
Ill mal new rich blood and will ehantge , wa
li. the blood ia the entire svstm l will
0f three months, taken one a night, batq
________.. The
n all's Vaetle IPlelina Bair Be.
awe eaws gray hair by easiowne I' cd
to raturs to its youthful eoolot and
t vigor.
He blew Into his gn to mse
e If leading p wasu needed; The
ad Thjry to a ma ag .the
o t b guas blew after e did. trma
- ,0 'tta
The N. 0. A Shreveport Mall Rette.
and I Complaint against, the present I
F, now management is universal sad quite
adopI bitter, but is no worse than we ex
there rectted. For years this portion of
t ,ltt.. Lmldiana has been at the mercy of
le, to Ptersoon' Rong, and the mail ser- s
at 7.5 lcee has been a sham and a shame.
0 iA of the most lmpfnrtnt routes in
r the the State, has a "big mule" or a
ound "pestle tall poney" as a carder, andi
00.000 they manage to "pack" about half
the mail, by a tight squeeze. The t
oo,noo people have looked on n awonder and t
disgust, have oursed and prayed, and
p0,000 yet Peterson's mule anad pony move c
d up. on to calm seralty. h
a hy This thing most stop. Our Con.
com* greeslonal delegation must move In
the matter, and while moving let us e
w,ih suggest that the sathorities be clted
K)0 to the teat of the importanoe of the
a.mno route; thatit will take both steam.
0000 oera and hacks to make a daily route, ti
- and a daily route we must have. Let d
m.oo a BAl SzRnIcz be Inaugurated, and ,
'ople let Capt. Joe. Alken be allowed the a
the contract/for both the land iand Her rests,
00, and we will then be assured a mall
t so. service which the people require, and
ime, of which they will not complain.
Mr. Jonas has written us that he
0,000 will do all he can to put both servit
cos in the bands of competent and
00,00 faithful people. Let us hear from be
- the other Congressional delegates. pt
S leUnion; Liberty sad Free States,
oted rI
this The spirit of Unionism which now te
wing prevails in the entire country, and on
did prevail since the foundation of *
our government, springs solely from
the our love of liberty and our deter. ci
thn minatl.n to m.dnhoin It. But there lt
14 a clas in this countrv, as there g
rise. ha hbeen in all eoun'rles and In all D
und ares, that desire the destruction of Lb
rest the liberty of the people. They have
Qe, made, or are attempting to make, the
t it. the Idea of Union sunerlor to all i.
nme other cnnsiderations; they contend all
do. that iiheltv even. must be snarflled
emot to the Union. Of course, the South ag
IA used as an argument in favor of re
it A thin grand consnlidatson, this straong
ae vrnment, which the Remubllcan s
I at nasrv ntend must he wured. wi
We ha hai d enough of~rseaesmon- pi
rge no considerratin a ald ever Induce
nus to such a step agaln : cnsequent. Do
the ly the danger of secession, which le Iii
Or. constantly quoted by these RApuhbil b
her can consolidators, Is silly, so allly nu
nur that we wonder people of brains are lri
ctrderved hv it. be
Let the R'nuhlinesn make the is. the
tsu of cnnoll latiin-and we are rio
rosady to meet them with the deelra a
tfoir that this is an INDIreOLUBLE not
SUNwION OF INTISTRIT('r'BLrE TTTE8! t.
we News Notes. a19
The Memphis yellow fever is still vot
r, raging. wit
il al h k at Parker. Penn., and iw
A serions riot ocuerare In O~ihe. boy
New Oada. betwe,, th morish and Preh ed
i hoI laborfre' Seinwer. per
a ns were killed and wounded and a
a large number have Bfled the city for In
ng safe y. o
15 General Grant i beling fMasted, pr
e inedt dined and musleedin Tletssl, tie
The Unitdl States has ofred to edI
meditate between the Soath Ameri. as
rs. can States now at war. q'e
@ Earnnea Gudier eolored,i formerl Qt"
95, a mmher of the legislature, and fr to
o some years clterk i the poet.nm.. o
was arrasted ehared with ea.s *
of slingt vluabehle letters, one rm aloan the
in. claming to havbe lost three bhundred DeC
letters c)ntalnitng remlttaces. Gor. I
of dier was tmprlaned in delault of te
$o10.000 hall. 'All ths1 in the NewOr
ea leans Post Omoe.
il The national board of health h die
o rseeetved a telegm n frm Dr Oma ti
aof New Orless, stating that the lo. as
ca otloo of the new ease of yellow fe- a s
" ver reported Is at 133 Dumaestreet.
at It is probably the result of infection a
,. from the first eases on. Constance eu
street. Another ease was reported wo
on1.a St 47 tConsta e street In the Ti
nm loIected realon. The patient was
ol. taken August 6. I.solation and di thoa
nh lnfection have been enfored. o
S A aresat storm aswept over the At. din
lantloe coast-many vesels ad lives a b
t were lost.
SThe News' shle a usine
*ws raei eo ip ale on uted oan
ed irt. in the poneen ce 8 . , Itl
o .a mnosetlf aloes ase Ti
cs sur unotil the blsak c was hreawen
eson. ri3d fell an_ tea. l t
wa brole by tahe aDL orl e v
was r pe commited on a1 Gr
n. Rev. L S. rKdloab wu 5t 5s.l. "
SMaply -by ObpJeople re 1instag Is
afrom alero as P5e lth , At s tate
Sae~ s ~ riot ws emn nat ast st
h aoounts,asuthem ob hid t De
is and fro hilugyand well nih
keillM esItobegur'drnat
s ThaeNimmphste i are In dagr i
n fom tleves as -well u the fever. A
b. Much depredation Is complelaedof, tei,
* an mllitary compalnle ihave n rle
organled to proteOt llb sand pro.
perty.
Bontos  i ti oDnt. Webb In the ih
m swimming metah. Webb was taken r st
r from the watr ehausted, after 7 tr
Sours swimmilng. Boyntons Sshed
St 8 bours.m d utle n
New .Orls, ~L.-The Sat- .Ihe
Oeatral Commlttee met to-day. Pro. f
eeding bharmonntou, and the party e
thorla unitel. A call ifr stwa i
, aomintl Conveatlon was made, nail
. to meet at Bton Roge, Monday, Wre
r Oatober -b. The asportonmnte a 's o
sI madeon the vote of 1676 htpa tish Pubh
, o whihob east a larger vote In 167 erwr l
la will he allowed a representation on o
that vote tbat
The wife of On. ,1. 3. Bood, die leot
of yellow fever AUi Ltb. The only per
c ase known in the city. Hiself and strle
P child down with fevr. olau
the a
The "loyallts" now In chbargemf Iee
the Feleral goveameSt, nost a y N
tremable at the name of the BSouh, the
bareso very ferful that secesson yetr,
Imbmay erea p Ito the army, ity
. areloteadia th, folloeglg ayth at
Reut. candidates presenting themselves for
the vacant second lieutenancies in -
)retent the army:
4 quite 1. HRev you ever been engralw. in
we ex. any rebellion sainst the Govern. 0o1
Ion of meet of the United States, or given "A
any aid, comfort, enc.ouragement or 119
Arcy of support to treerons who were so en. 'tle
di ser- g aged? 2 Explain fully the nature iet
shae, nof the bhligati,n you will assume Dee
n pon taking the oath required by
aItesn lw on entering the sevice of the T
' or a Uep'ot states as an ofleq:r of the PI
jr, and army, as you understand the same. the
hal3 D. you heliev. in the right of a toc
State to seede from the Union, and
The thereby ahsolve its citizens fro, m 18b
er and their allegiance to the United States,
d, and and from all obligations to obey the OH
laws of the Unl·. ? 4. If you be OIL
move ome an o er of the army, will you oe
hold your allegianoe to the United poe
r (o. State as paramount to any obliga cb
ov in tion to any State authority, In case of
Ic' oonll between the two? 6. In the
let us event that the State In whichlb you
Scited may claim dcitizenship shall, at any
of the time. attempt to assert the right to E
withdraw from the Union, will you at
tm regard it as your duty to adhere to Dist
route, the United tartes and obey the or. by ,
et ders of the President as your com
mander.-in chief, or would you con- E.
, a elder It right to withdr tw frm the for (
Wd the army and go with your State of
routes, nati
i and The Positie of the Deeaeraey eo
1, the Debt Ordilnaee.
tat he Ti
serti. (Shreveport tandard.]
and It seem to be enerally condedl D
that the body of the onstitutio will sup
from be rattlfed by a popular vote ap.
as. proachng unanimity. The Conser
vatives and Demoorats will support
it because, n aspite of its many lar. nam
log defects it is immeasurably pupe. as a
ror to the Instrument whioh it Is in- Itno
Snow tended to supplant. The Republl. by tl
Sand cans will support it beeau'e, not with.
on of standing their fears before the as
sembling of the Convention, its pro. W,
from visions are equally liberal to all BEE
Seter- classes, races and conditions. Its for I
there ratfldeation, theref are, being a fore
there g n conolu-on there will be no We
necessity for bringing it, before a H. 1
In at Deocratic C irv-uttm,n to receiv- the
on of the enlorsem-nt of the party. War
have But, the same unanilmity of senti. Don
oaent does not exist wit,, rregarl to
nake, the adoptino of the ordlinance regu Th
'o all latinu toe 9 at., d-ht, which is to he C.y I
rtend submitted to a separpite vote, MIYv hofe)I
rifled of those for whose special benefit, it con
was adopted will not only vote
loath against it. but are taking steps to
or of render it nugatory in ease it ehould
hrone he adopted. A great many Demo. Cf
an rate, too, can uever he brought to e ildat
silent acqeaileenue in its justice, War
which a v to for it would orfen, to im- the I
ton- ply. We have already declared our
de.e opP sltir,' to its being br ugaht a The
b ,me of contention into the Srate BRE'
n'* Demcrati Co)nvention Its luirt. hefor
ch i· deoie ion would he productive of much for C
uhli harm. And yet we obseeve that s
shllv number of our friends are now ad- We
v ,caing its eudorsement as a Demo name
e are ,ratle measure. It will be remne '(,fte
heredi that we. and many others of Wurd
le is. the best Democr a in the State. a the D
rooested the submiyaoo (4f the qu'es
arte lion to a csuoe' and it4 settlement as
bra a D mOr ,tle measure. 'Chia was
UaBL not only opposed by the debt advo
, ates, but the u's-Democratic threat F
wea male that if the caucus should
agree on a settlement they would
neor go with the party. The
It was e sttld by the individual paper
still votes of Democrate and Republicans, paid te
with a large Democwratic lote oppos
rad. ed to it. It, therefore, comes with a TIl
bad grace from these men to attempt
ro.. to make the Democracy of th-, State
and wall ,w it as a Democratic measure.
It should be I fIt to the lndividual
_ votes of te people, a it was settled At 1
*by the iniivwlual vites of the dele. RY DE
Sgates. Any Introduction of it into affrd
yr the camp liru as a party measure paper
na would loevitablv leed to dissensionse Al
o in the party rank,. Ti leave it oun
could not possibly affcot the partty
ited, proseea teon any manoer whatsoever,
Isn, necause the party is neither respon
ible fir its easctment, nor intereet.
4 to ed in Its Ifate. We do not write thl~ Te
toeri. an sradvocte of either side of the T
qleestion. We do not care how the
Sqimestion is decided. Havinog failed
Ir to et it settled as we desired, we are AUG
e*only laters-ted 1int now to the ex
hs eut of preventing its dlsturbance of J
n the hbarmony and integrity of the
tred DemorBt party, 309 &
or. We eimply ask our esteemed con.
S temporary to make a fsir statement
of the "settlement." The Debt Or- NOT
bh dimaoe as It stands in the 0 ,nstitu.
rat. tion us got "settled" a. the STraD. ITUD
,lo- An states it was. It di not reolve Co
fe* a siogle Republican vote, on the tL .
O contrary, the vote for its adoption I will
_e was solidly Demorattle--Svrtt. seize
ted two, they ast
t The reasons advane d so far, by Ag.
Sthose who advoeate its adoption, are
cogerst and unanswerasble. If the or- FOR
At. dianooe is defeated the debt will be
Ie a bone of contention and is quite t. A
likely to disrupt the Democratlc Ntchle
party, as it amse ear disrpting it d.
in the Convention.
d- Those who were there and aw the I rs
hto itation, saw what bitteruems of a
Sfeeling It protaued, will appreiate ~
the neoessaty of settling this debt del.
dfioulty at once and forever. We f
e have advised our people to vote for eulai
Sit, and urgled them to take an inter. a
i esi n lte susseos. We do are how eb. A
a it isesttiled, "od beoase we are only av
I inaterested in It to the extentof pre.
veoting its disturbanoe of the har. sc, e
ob many sad integrity of the Demo
oI n atio party." 1th.
rAr. Ar ov GOI on WILT was pe. Jue I
of, tilltied by the merbchants of New "
Orleaus to remove members of the JOi
Board of Health of New Orlease,
the with a view of manodiflg Quarantine Dr
te restriotion. Tbe Govrnor deollnoed,
r 7f r the following cogeot reasons: It PRI
d While temtorarily disoharging the tohic
4atks of the Executive I do not coon. manner
t ,ilerlt inoumutent upon me-to Iater. other w
'e-re* lin the arrafgementa made by Order
sty he Gvernor orto remove anyof B L'
t. his appduntees exept In easee of Jtn. I
d, ,mrifeessanoe or groe~s neglect of duty.
, Winer. V icane~le ooour it is my dut)
'a o 11 them rather than' leave the
sh upub, to surf *r looonvenience. Othb.
I. erwle, and lor any other purpose. I r'f01
on Ito not lntend t, nterPose, trusting tie
that all omoers of the tte, whether nd Ber
9 eleoted or hannted, will strive to stemmlje
l perform their respectiv foounoct to insh, wIs
tad riet comformity to law; and in coa. siace the
elusion I will say that I will ruest Terns
the president of the Board of Bfl,.4h Ap1p
to caull a meeting for the pourpuse of Fe
looking carefully ainto e situation,
aid i psmibleto lodif tequr
a y New Orlens will be shut ia by ALL
, the eounary parishes, fever or ofe. CqUs
k ver, abould lheraratne below the akes
y, it be fae Themerohants of attentior
Wr ehat ittyl wll ,ii their cboloe--oo-. telrs o
mJune?
>r ANNOUNCEMESNTS.
For Distrlet Judlge.
n We are nlthnrizd to annueal't th,
n. name of JUDGE J. M. B. TUCKER,
as a eandidate far Judge ojf i,iis.
lr 11th ludlclal Di trtet, crimnosed ,.f
. 'le parishes of Nahti'oeheh anlt
p Sabine, suhject to nomination by
f. Democratic Ccnv,ntion.
N ThA friends of Judie DAVID
P PI.ERSON, will pres.,nt his sulla to
the Democratic nomninating conven
t lion for the offi e of Ju'tge of the
r I1th District. colniod orf the Iar
Sishes of S&abine and Natchitoches.
A We are authorized to announce C.
CHAPLINn s a i~ohliite for the of.
Sflee of Judge of the Ilth Diestrict. cm-.
I posed of the Parise of Na,'ctito.
ches and Sabine.
For Clerk.
WAe are authortzed to announce
, GEORE W. XEARNEY, as a caudl.
3 date for the offl.'a of Clerk of the
District Court, suhjct to n'muilntiou
by Democratic co'venDtioii.
E. MASSON EsQ, is a ceandidate
a for Clerk if the Diatrict Court pairisht
of Natchltoehes, sutj esr to loml
nation by the Demner ict n.rtyv.
MANY VOTER.q.
For Sherilf.
The friends cf 8. P. RAINER, an.
nounce him as a candidate for Sheriff
of this parish. suhjc-t to the will of
a Democratie oCnvention, and will
support his claims accordingly.
We are aut~horilzed to annononea the
name of CoL. W. W. BREAZEALE
as a candiia'e for Sheriff of N4!clh
itnohes pari4h. suhlject to nonatlllltion
by the Democratic party.
For Magistrate.
Wae re athnrized to announce W
BERESFORD CARR. as a candidate
for Magestrate, Ward 9.
We are uithnriz2d to announce W.
. 1 UNNARD. as a candldt!ae for
the ftlcem or Justice of thn Poesp.
Ward 1, sunj et to rLatillet.ion lty the
Dcemocratic voters of said w,rd.
The nsalmnmrlq friends of Prof. W
C. J %CK will crdially support himn
before- the Democ.ratic peolle and
convention for MMagistrate Ward 1.
For Constable.
CHARLES V. PORTER Is a can.
,ilate rr the ,,l1 - of C Ins'ahle I
War I One. suhjoe' to nomination by
the Democratic parry.
The numerous friends of A. L. a
BRETEL wi'l cordilly sunport hit, r
bhfore the Demnoerlat Convention e
for Cconstable, Ward One. I
We are aithnrizd tn announce the a
namne of JMES T KING as oa n. 11
'lid4at for re-.elIetion for Constahl 1.
Ward 1. su'j ct to nomination by t
the Democra' i prty. t
NEW ADVERTISEMENT.
H FOR NOTIIING-,IIOST.
Fd O
The VINDICATOR, the best country
al paper in the State, will be sent post
i, paid to any addre,, I
a TILL JANUARY 1st 1880,
P' IFOR Y
FaIFTY CENTS.
d At this extrnordinarilr low price EVE
. RY DEMOCRAT in North Louisiana can
toafford to sntubscribe at once to the leading
paper of his party in that section.
se Address
THE VINDICATOR,
Natchi toches, La.
I- ______________________
-WITH
AUGUST, BERNHEIM & BAUER,
TI lole.a le Clothiers,
309 & 311 CANAL ST. COR. MERCER ST.
Aug 9.3m. NEW YORK.
NOTICE TO CITY TAXPAYERS.
UTUDER instruetions from the City
Council, I will proceed to collect
ALL TAXIS DULC PRIOR TO THIS YIEAN. If
these taxes are not paid within 20 days,
I will proceed under existing laws to
seize and sell the property upon which
they are due.
W. E. RUSSELL,
Auig. 23.-3t. City Tax Collector.
FOR SALE ON EASY TERMS.
INt. A lot on Sibley street, in the town of
Natchblteohbe.
1. A bouse and lot corner Second & Horn Ste
3d. A tract of land on Clear Lake. 341 acres.
4th. A " "" on Old river. 41 acres.
5It. A " ".. in township 19, range it,
cth. A tract of lad on lRel river, bonded
above by lands of W. . Breaseale and J. U.
Payne, and below by G. W. Wtorse. 30 sores.
7th. Fear lots In the town of Grand Eore.
deugsased as lots 18, 37,53, 60. Also a lot of
ground in th ttown of Natabiteoher, also a
tredt of land, being Rio Hondo slaim No. 16e,
eaontaling 33 0. 1i0 ares.
8th. t tract of land in township 10, range e,
contaning S00 acres
9th. A tract of land i township it. range 8.
and township 1I, range 5. contailing 483 11.100
acres.
1rth. Alsoe an nndivided onethird of s place
known as the Boyce place. containing 1280
acres, beinag section II and 19,
1th. A l nese and lot on Jaekson Square.
11th. A lot of ground on Jackson Square.
13th. A tract of land in township 8, range
9 known as elair 36, contalniuo 480 acres.
SMYEIt WEI3 & CO..
Apply to L. CASPARI.
June 14.-im.
JOSEPH C KEYSER,
mricktanker and Layer.
PI PREPARED to do all work entrasted
I to him quickly and in a workmanlike
manner. Tomb, Chimneys, Cisterns and
other work solicited.
Orders left at BULLARD & CAMP
BELL'S will be promptly attended to.
Jan. 27. tv.
"'''''''''------------ ·----- ...
BLOODED STOCK.
HOROUGHBRED Short Horned cat.
tie, Cotswold and Southdown Sheep
said Berkshire Hogs. Delivered oni board 1
steamboat t Alezadria, Rapides par-.
ais, where the stock has been pastured '
since the Fall of 1877 and 1878. C
Term IBeasonable.
Apply to J. M. ARMSTRONGl, L
Feh 8.-ly. Alexaundris, La.
NOTICE.
SLL persons indebted to the firm of
A Caspari & Dietrich are respectfully
requnated to edl on the andermigaed and a
make Immediate settlements. Promtpt
attention to the above will be to the in
tUrest of thoe so indebted.
L l *fao.r .
1 N w Advertisements.
,th 'NOMIANDI'S BAL..
ed A HOME REMEDY
-AN)
, ui CUR E.l
if tie 1'#or the' ifl.lediate it-li.f and permna
M'ar- nt C* of 01s1 I-I'I418 mI'IsE,
B8 W'OUNDS, EARI A('IES. and all .Skii C
D)iieares or Erlllptinits, we plice I eftir.
Sthe ipnhlie a prcparation which is of th,
e n[" high."st Standard of excellence, sicondl
com- to none. for the. class of di. -;,,.es i'lr
sito- which it it intended. We clain it to h,,
a specific for thin (losa of diiaeait-, hav
ing sut.nitt'ed it to a rigid test, ext'endI
il nover a period of thirty-fiv; years~
0 it, tre:fting llH mo.t 44 "obstiimtt c wa.' :
which ht:ave (ltt nuimler our ohaiervatitol
the witlh it oIecen.fullh.
IT IS PURIELY VEGETABLE IN ITS ~,
IdCate COMPOSITION,
rih and maIy Il alpplied to the most delicate'
children with imulnlit.,
As a specilic for PILES :land ERYSIPE.
IS. LAS, it has no superior : it is very Mliri. C.
tive to preven.t l.ckjiaw in children when
applied to the naveljust cut. Di
eri Read the Following Testimonials to its
1 of 1Virtue.
NATCrrITOCnES, LA., Aug. 21, 1879. 1
al bn
I had ,my atkle haIlly bruise,!, Iy mn :l
the horse steplllig uipl)i it. I lapil N:i, itr
LE manal's Balmi and .ºelxerience.l ,vd lall~i.li
ch- I ate relijefand a final clre. I take ,.reat t.1
lion pleastre ill rtCinUtentlei' its ellieV. n', i
.IJOHIN L. GILL.
NATCrti TOctha Aug. 21, 1979. tle
I hereby certify thall:t I have tiseld Nor
date Inamal's Balm on my litttl* daughter, whoi L'lI
wasacalhled. A few alpplication of thel '
Balm cured it re;adily anld lefr Il mark. call
SW. L. CASPARI. Nat
for
Te \,s IrnoecK LivrE STAtBtE, ) , t
'Natchitoches, La., Aug. 23. 18). it it
I lhave d NurtI:laaid's Balmn for sort, .)nt.
S hancks. galls, iuts, fitot evil. &c. &e., inl tail
hirn horses, and ti undi it ver. e-iitncians. It MIni
mnd is less troollhl. to use than oiher remedies rlil I
and it is a sure cure. Al
R. P. HUDSON. titu
NATCtIIToc aES, LA., I ted
a. Angust 22sd 1879.1 t oile
Ibhe Mr. Jules Normand ry ti
Sby . I have been atllieted for Al
several years with painful inflammation their
and nlceration of nly leg, resiuinllg from Tit
L. an injury sustained by "y buggy wihedls eln
tint running over it, I htave tried lany I enit- life
ion edies withut avale, until several ImtontIths A
ago I votltnenlced the use of "Normnani' A
BaUii," which has Ileen of great benelfit I'ar
the and is the otly application, of the mtany of
sr. tried by me., which has :ttfforded alstt- aitl.
hl tlantial relief-I regard ii "s ilvaluable' Lbo
by and cheerfully recomet:d it for the cer- ing a
tain cure of bruises, wounds, cuts. iodlan laind
eautiou and ulceratiun. ftt
Yours Rsspectftlly, Ai
W!LL. M[ LEVY.
PRICE Icy,
ONE DOLLAR PER BOTTLE. tile 1
ist title
LIBERAL DISCOUNT TO THE TRADE Jose?
10, sutu
Prepared and Compouuded by
. NORMAND & CHOPIN, ld
. CLOUTIERVILLE,
ing NATCHITOCHIES PARISH, titt
LOUISIANA. St. D
Aug. 23.-l1. eyst 1
~-'- ----------- ---- to Sa1
MANSFIELD FEMALE Stree
COLLEGE. fo
HE FALL SESSION of this Institu. City l
tiolt will Ibegin on WEDNESDAY. fac
8EPTEMBER 21th. Faculty able and Pa
Scompetent. Terms moderate. Every on th
R avantage offered. Pa
For full particulars apply to the an. ches
dersigued for Catalgull. Al.
THOS. ARMSTRONG, Preat. ui
T. Aug. 16.-2m. Mansfield, La. Als
NOTII. iopen
A list
The members of the' Parish Central iOw
Demoeratic Executive Coummittee, ap- the dI
ity pinated by the last convention, are re-t
, quested to lueet in Natchitoches on
If MONDAY, SEPTE tBER 1st, 1879, Cae
rs, for the purpose of organizing and adopt
to ing such measures as may be deemed A't
eb necessary for the proper conduct of the -
comining c mpaign.
The menbers are:
M. J. COninigham, Ward 1 )S
- 8. P Raits, " 2 -,,
. Clarke Burley, " 3 line
E" St. Aunne Prurdhomme, " 4 lavin
1. W Freeman, 5 mtlott
of A. V, Carter, . " 6 are i
Bt Nathan Siungletaryt, " 7 in tell
Jacobl Kite, " 8 ihy 1
J. Aljph. Prudbomme, 9 ted at
Ii. Dr. 8 . O. Serugg, " 10
led . Auf
S STOP THE THIEF!
of Succe
$50 REWARD.L
RVIxzNE' TOLL lBIDGE( , co
Caddo parish, La. Aug. 4, 1879 R
ioo TOLEN from my place 12 les\ west how
of Shreveport, on the night of .Iul.y ,ubli
S31st, one sorrell mare 6 years old. 14 shallI
Ihands high, one tidd h g whit- half iup
re to ler hock. No marks or bralnds, very Aiu
short gaied and geatle. She is a very
* ine formed nag, eun run very fast for a
quarter of a mile. The party suspectO
as a thief, is a white manr, alout 32 years Adelii
old and very course f'eatnred, no beard, Ditri
andl dresses very common. ne weighit r
about 160 ,pounds, lose bult, awkward ini
action, stovenly in dress, wears haIir. IY
which is sandy,, ent short; his conuplee. I) is
tion is rather lark, as if sunnhurned. He banal
has large feet andi large thanuds. H, is h&ve
thought to be an escaped Texas eonviet. the It
ad I will give the above reward for the lf the
mare and the thief. ish of
d Aug. 16-4t. T. P. IRVINE.
NOTICE. betwe
UNITED 8SATEs LANr D OFFICE. o
Natchitohecs, La. July ,8th, l179.
Complaiut4 having been entered at Ilin
thin otice by Ely Nahla against Thomas Saline
8. Woelds for abandolingr his Homestead ofthe
. Entry No 259, dated 19th Anugust 1871. quatti
Sullon the Niodurf . E. antd S. E.) of N. I 1OU
rl E·. Sctioe, 26, Township N . Range 8 in sect
r. weat, an Natchi'oches Parish Louisian , mud te
4 with a view to the cancellation of slaid six we
eutry, the said parties tre hereby suto- of Geo
notned to appear at this office on the 1t lands
day of September, 1879, at 1o o'clock A. south
M., to respond andl firnish atll testi. toll an
- mony eoncerning said alleged abandon- ration,
ment. Btyou
L. DUPLtx, Register. Jones,
If A. LEUMEE, Beceiver. ham T
yd Aug. tLf. tact of
id~a or~ _ Notary
a yr D as tbhl
.. NEW A1)VLF.g1IE T
PJ-IOTOG [Apji8
-A\I)-
PORTRAIT PAINTE1
Z'IS (1-1114-1-Y t Lacocvttr '' 11411 1 1
opý n rýý t;·r·! SA1'I 'JCI) my andtln
DAY'. All i ~ihsl rot I'hotog 81'x.
CaI,iiip, or Imi, criul si per doz.
Carsize, per dlozeui doz.
'64 14,j
O)ther Kizer, iii PrpIJortioni. k
Special Notice, -
FTTIlE Tai yawl LicinIse payers oftb
11.1-is ~r' hr'lby espctfully J41i
lii. that I ;nu now T o palired to oollm
Sate a1141 I'.r ri c txe o 1878, "I)4
ýtlulet'I'irxils. also Iicenses for 191y
WILL1S HOLMIE$,
I4\ ool (14torIJ'a.ihlI el' Natchjjtge.
'1.4141 22 -(i'
!iet JUDICkAL ADVERTISEIMETi
S2PERI IF' SALE.
ellc. C. F. L'hucrisu,m, Adnulilistrator, va, .
when ter 'ealemn:cn.
District Court, Plarish of Natchitoch
o its No. 7196.
DY virtno of an oreer of the 110
SJutlge ,of tie Di:trie:t Court in 
79. I' the parish of Naltcllhiltches, in t*
above entitled ane, niuInbered suit, Ih
Smy :atiti,,n, to mI, .ir'e Id, I will1
N Ir ti saile at euililc a tlin- teo tle 1l4
a Ij ligihst Lihhlr ill I 'l 'alt of the C;0
,leat If ,;m ili Ile City of Nathiltoches, at It
V, clohk M , on '
ruidiv, 30:h (day ofSeptemnherr l,
the following l'propert. real and pern.
al, h.lmelging to th le la e p1rtueelshipbe.
Nor* twen Peter Veilenan and ChristiM
o L'h,-risson, deItce'amd, to-wit :
I 1 Two certain llts of ground at the plae
erk. alled the Pinup Spring, ewar the city of
Natchitoches, Ithe olne consisting of fe.
Iioinal section No. 41, in township9,g
, 7, cointaininitg 4 14-100 acres, and th
lt ther alldjoining the foregoing, contahnia
src oul alcre, 111ore or less, the whole ea.
a, tailning live 44-100 acre.s, lore orles,a-,
It beilng the snare llpon which M-rs.atk
rdies rill Fiaz".e now rieidies.
Also all the household goods and fr.
S niture i in the houlse now occupied bi
the said Mrs. Frazee, consisting of tw
I ed steadis and bedding, one armor, eg
toilet, tables, cha.irs, &c., iucludinger
ry thing in said house as it now etn..
for Also tinr cows and four calves ad
tioni their inc reese.
om The above mentioned property is er-.
l lened with the u~sufr 'ct ill favor of cu
is- . Cathrin Frazee for, and during her
Also a certain tract of land ia tie
e-fit iarish of Natchitoches on the left lI
of Red river decending, (comomln
,n- called Cane river) abount one-half ble
allboe the city of Natchitoches, contais.
er- ing ablont@3"arpents, foundled above by
- lands fnrmerly of Altoine Badin, on tin
front by C.ane river, and in the rest by
Amllbroise Somnpayrac, having snech sep,
.tormn ad dime nsions as are shown by,
ilat of survey miade by George S. W.
lcy, C. S. Deputy Surveyor, on the4tl
day of March. l846, together with all
S the huillirn a and improvemlents therenm
. acquired ftrom Joseph Uadli, by Aote(
sale of l;th I)ecelmber, 1877. The vi
DE Joseph Badlin, having the right tire.
eltcln thle saule on tie p, yment, of the
anna of Th.ree Hunltdred and Thirty-one
Dollars without interest, on or beforet l
6t.Ii dlay of Decetber, 1479.
Also t we certain lots of ground situat.
P ed in the city of Natchiteches on the
south side of St. Denis Street, haviga
front of C6 feet on St. Denis Street, iq
runninlg back for depth between paralle
lines to Church Street, bounded north by
º St. Denis Street, South by Church Street,
east ly lots now or folnlerly belonlýg
- to Samuel Parson, and w~et by )lft"
E Street, being the san, ieagd  ea
.Ios~ph C. Keyser & Hugh McKenna, by
act of 3d December, 1d77.
Also a lot of Corpolration serip of th
tu. City of Natchitoches, amottuntingon itw
Y. face to $156 70 100 dollars
ndi Parish Bonds and Coupons amonnting
cry on their face to $132 80-100.
Parish Scrip of the parish of Natehil.
n ches amounting on its face to $1391 54-.1
Also 12 head of Sheep, more or Ip
runnieng at large.
Also sundry judgments, notes ad
opeln accounts due the late partnet
A list of which enumerating the amýoi
al now due thereon, will be exhibitgle
the day of sale, and the sale will be mads
e in accordance therewith.
Terms of Sale:
Cash-subject to appraisemuet.
Pt L. A. DEBLIEUX,
Ad AMg. 30-tds. Sherlf
the _ _--.....
NOTICE.
PSTER VEITLEMAN, liquidator d
ie late partuership betweeu Chris
Stine L'herissou and Peter Veulemr
having filed his final acceunt with stat
alents anneixed. All persons iuteieotd
are hereby notified to sbow eawse itL.
S ill ten days from the publication h~el
S why the sale shonld not be homlop
S ted and the liquidator discharged.
W. tl. TUNNARD,
Aug. 23.-2t. Clet.
N'OTICE,.
Slwccssion of Marceli, Tauuis, de .
JULES DUCASSE having iled hi -
connt of aelminisc ration of the b
cession, of Marcelit Tauzin dec'dd,4
Ierlsons interested are hiereby taotiid
ROt lhow canse withiniu tenll days frosm te
Ily ,ublicatioun hereof, why the said ascool
14 shall Iot be homelohgaterd.
il W. II. TUINNARD,
ry Aug. 23.--t, Cler,.
A i 8HERIF'S SALE. - -
rsAdeline Campbell vs. William T. ip
District Cotrt, Parish of Natebiteit,
in No. 8254.
ir. DY virtue of a wrait of aeiznre ad
ie- I) issued in ithe above eutitl .
le umnbered suit and to ale directed, I
is have seize-d and will otler for le bC
:t. tle laIst and highest bidder at stlleSar
io of tile Court House in ehe city ad r
ish of Natchitoeches, on
Saturday, Sept. 6tlkh. 1879,
hetween the legal hours of sale, t*l
lowing described preperty to-wit:
A certainl tract of, aid or plant'.
nsituated in tlhe parish of Natchita0L
It ,eing all of ilhat Iportion of the I.I
8 Saalne helnl planatioa on ethe westl..
Sof the Bayoul, cotaininlg the aggfPl
I. quanltity f llille hIInilred alud forty-'W
N. | a-100 arews, more or less, and si
I8 sectcliollns tlhrie (3), folir (4), nile
*, sid te. (10), in te'weiship nineof
i six west, boandedl on the lorth by
i- of George W. Morse, on tile W0 lt
st landd blonginrg ¶o Uonllt & Broi . h
A. south by lands blelouging to . " i
. roll andknowll a,~y thee St. MauricePi
t- tio, andl onl the east by the i
Bltyout atlld the pjilatation of Jo0 L
Jones, beilig the, saamc0eqlired by .
liamo T. Sims from Ar lilteb
ict of sahl hu hed beforo-* E
Notary Publac, on the 9th AtIi"'
Terms of Sale: ,.
CAsE-suabject to apprisement.
L. A. p EDLI
1Aug. 8 ,dak