dot !copies Vindicator. j4I
Advertisflug if8e9 .j tpi~~~~t
Waal~~ 7.& 011 10e 10uora 1510201 5 n
Ba3s $o ee0 ...u 1r 00ug In0[61 00u3 l
a4 r 1711 Y0lil U .. 41; Uu 4 u . - 1-I L L ~ 1 ~ -1 1 C LI -i i r -
UI s q I . . ý i1 1O1 1 1 1 1 5 ýI 1 1' f1 5 1 1 d t r & P o r
eqUArae* s)011 J14 ;,.1 5II 111 45 TH EDAIAOLI ' POL ST E URM A .
ý` VihIýht' ;~r SA'I Ii Il 1ý \(~t 71 I
0egquIY s.aaee1.- ml 0uA 300 4+)1 1 00; KS1 4u III TH E W ELFA R Ov -{JF - - iS------ -- ---~be~pii a
4p squares.. 3(00)1 35 0I) 501 00il 571Ill11105 00- - - - -- - .
i5 gq(1*,. 45111 sa'l 00 l 7. 01°11.l fiia ra of the White Citizens of Red River, Sabine, Winn and Natch-toche Parishes.lo~lii- -- 1
10 sqare. 451111 N01 11(1 ml 00- 1111 nnI I~ 01 - - -- -
VOL.eldet~emi, 1',1,1 Nlll~ , ATCHITOCHEJS, LA., AUCUST 3,1878. )~:~l
1o noes Brenefr, tiret. hgserio'rll Eac'h aph~~e- rý( T -,- ý
jsfoltinserti1fl 75 C'ht e per sq nllre. V -- -
Profess1ional Cards.
I'l , L C rIf 'I ddl:' i R I,
.TTal.NEI IT L.1I1.
St. Denis Street, Natcehitoclis, ai.
ILL practie in the ('iut it Nachituch .
y abian" D~e~ot and HRed liver and in the
Spreme Conrt iof the State.
(Sncceesso to ,J.1C & P IMlt o)
,A0toº' 1eyp ('og yIniwelor at{ Lowi
NA'TC'!fITflCHIES:, LA.
[LLpractiCe in the Courtsof ut ttchitoctht.
hlkae, DeSoto, Red River, Winn, Rapiden,
Or taud 1I tile' Supr'eme ICourt of the
g*te. Cll m4 promptly attendtled to.
April2 L877.
W5Th M. L evy,
ATTOlRYEY VAT L.jV .
(i3a Resumeld the Practice of his Prthsionu.)
WILL practice ii the P!arilh and Iiittiet i
Courtst of Natuhliiti, ! 4 out Ited Rivur
Supreme (omint of I unitiaiti. IUited Stiates I S
triet and Circuit Court ot Loui situa antd U. S
;iurt of Claimsn at Wailhijgton.
t( Otlice in the Lacoste liniiliin. (1'1I
Stairs.) Al
NATCITC'l'l(HIIE, LA.
May '2i, 1 "
J Hf. CUNNIN(IHAM.
ttornrey & ounsellor at ='atw,
St. Denis Street,
NatcchitoclIc : La.
W IL give protmpt :tald 1ersoal at
W tenttion to all Inlnstts ntrusted to
his care
Practices in t1:' District atil Parish
Coirts in the Parishes oft Natchitoches,
Red River, De'Stonnl aitdii lie', tand te't'Tre
the Sipreme' Court at Monroe' ini New
Orleans. .Jan 5 '7 ly.
JORIr B. ROBEfRTSOYi,
(L:ate of New Orleans,)
ATTORNEY & COUNSELOR AT LAW
RED RIJETI P.1Rls!!, L(f)I.A1 r..
Will pratiice in Coslhatta, Natchlito
oehaes, Manatiell, Maniy,aund in evr'y part
of North.west Louisiana Special atten
tion given to Land cases and Snutccessions.
June 9th, 1877-tf.
C.CaAPUt. C. F. I)DuANnt'T. T. P. ('u trt.is
1APLIN, DRAN(UET & C'HAeLINj
Attorneys at fli-c,
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
PRACTICE in the District Courta of
Natchitoches, Sabine, DeSoto and
Red River and in the Supreme Court of
the State. March 2-ly.
DA"L. C. SC0.RBOROfI llq
ATTORNEY IN FACT.
ILL practice in the District and'
Parish Courts of Natchitoches,
Winn. Sabine and Grant.
All business intrusted to his care will
receive prompt attention.
Office with W. II. Jack Esq., SecotndL
Street, Corner Trndenuxt, Ntchitoches,
La. Dec. .b-ly.
J M. B. TUCKER,
Aftorncy and Counsellor (it Law,
OYFICE
1St. Deist Street, - Natchiltuiche, La.
WILL practico in the District antI PIr
ish Courts of Naueliitoches, Satlinet
D l.a8oto and Roil River, anti the Snpremeu
Court of the State.
All business entrusted to his care will
receive prompt attention. Apr 13-ly
lENBY SAFFORD,
Attorney at Lan',
NATCHITOCIHES, LA.
(I7* Ofkce adjourning that of Mr. Jack.
May18 4na.
Business Cards.
a. C. Triohel,
-DEALER IN
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, HARD
WARE, BOOTS and SHOES, IIATS,
ETC.
BHighest cash price paid for Cotton and
Coauntry Prodnce.
WASHINGTON, ST.,
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
0. A. BULLARD. N. H. CAMPHELL
Bullard & Campbell,
-t)KALMRSn TN
iW 0ooDS,
GROCERIES,
HARDWARE,
And General Merchandise.
Corner iorr & LAIATaaTr Street,
Natchitoohks, La.
EOBIST sash prfice pd for cotton and
M a prodnee tin cah or naerohandiee.
0. L. WALMEgy. R. M, WALMSLKY
C. L. WALMSLEY & CO,
corroa FACTORS
-AND-
BUREIAL COI1IS8101 IECRANTTS.
uiM St., New Oreiam , La.
xaallirr. R
rlesseZr -
St.* NTt ka .r
..hid~ L~
1 iCelllln OtlS.
,itch
Wu
.\I
W)
AA
'f t
S4,
CHILLS, FEVERS, DYSPEr'SIA
Foma'o Disorders. Prepared E by
The Home Bitters Co., Et. Louis, (TI
Prescribed By Bost Physicians,
and Sold by Dealers Evorywhere.
- - - - co
JUST Ug*ENEan.
BOERICKE & TAFEL'S ,n
OMcEOPATHI
PHARMACY, 130 Canal Street,
NEWt ORLEANS. Th
A full stock of pure and reliable Homenopathie
Medicines, as well as Family Medicine Cases,
mid Rooks in English, German and French con A
mtantly on handi at NPw York Prices.
Seud for descriptive Price Currait.
$50l $100,$200, $500, $1000 At
tUVg-ALEX. FROTUINGHAM & CO., 1
Brokers No. 12 Wall Street, New York, make
desirable Investments In stolks, which frequent
ly pay from flt to wenty times the amount in
vested. Stnccks bought and carried as long as de
aired on deposit of three per cent. Explanatory
cirte ilars and weekly rcports scult free.
R.DR. BUTTS I
No.12 N. Eighth St. Al
St. Louis, Mo.
Who ba had greater experience in the treatment of the
sexual troubltles of both male and fetmale than any physician
in the Weat, gives the results of hlis lung and successful
practice n hLs twe aew works, just publliale, entitled
The PHYSIOLOGY OF MARRIAGE TI
The PRIVATE MEDICAL ADVISER
Btks that are really Gildre and Pelflaestreters in all mat I
ters pertaining to Manhood and Womaahood.and supply
wanti ong felt. They are aatihtlly Illustrated. and in plain
language, easily understood. The two books embracebtS
pages, and contain suluable .Ihrmatloa forbothnarriedand
single, with allthe recentimprovementain medicaltreatment
Read whatourhomeoper say:"l'heknowledgeimparted
in IDr. otte' new works is in no way of questionable char
acter but is something that every onle sheld heow. Th "1
oeut., the victim of early indi.cretton; the Bsa, otherwise
perfectly healthy maybe,butwithwant r in thrime Al
of life, end the Woman, in mise
from the many Ills her seis h
to."-St. Louis Journal.
I OPCLAR PritICS- ets. ech
both in one volume, l ; in cloth an
gilt, 25 cis. extra. Sent under seal,
receipt of price In money or stm
The Remedy of the 1thU Coat ery,
Barham's Infallible A
PILE CURE.
/ Manufactured by the
e+it 0 It mever hfts to ave lemerhoels II
er Pite. wh·~e. a euretbj
Price Liii aed teea d sii.r~u
" ralahed ea appliastlea
Madison Dispensary,
201 S. Clark St., Chicafo, Ill.
oit. 1o1101OW, having 1O0 yentr experlence.
srcavos paXiL A )CnSIti ,~ J LY I
both sere. SAFELY. S~fILY, POIVATILY.
of IIYHIOFS nif:tt1t.trr from sexul abuse or 44
exoe-s, produciug lrtI't*E.\Cl PItattES
.1)1 TI1K FACE. Ar., rendering IttssiAGR
SMPROPkR. can be positively and perma
men ,uredWillttarrabtererp case. PomlmlI.
,, paces, o ants. Hil S AARI \t 8'1e1? OLLt EEI'A
mATIIOIY, :30 lrtre pages. la.L1 IRATD, econtainlin
touch that was never before published, Price B50cm. Letters
CONFIDElTITAl. FaALa PuLL. . tXTIaRa SrTOei, $10.
Send lOosa for sample utbber Goods, Ac. by Eprass.
PRESCRIPTIONI FREE!
For the speedy Cure of Senetntl Weakness, osut
d Manhood a nd all disorders brought on by Indis
cretiot or exess. Any Druggist hlms the ingre
dteitts. Ad*trcL r Ii. V. JAQUEe t & CO.,
ISo Woest ilxch str'eet, ClacimnatI, o.
Ail h gtea , lto 7. Rtevolve re
Th .5t. Oeit e Is)latestrNomvelties o
A513 dauted. 5ju5IlpyI!tin Sa1ustilerTrom
!ti '
A Misntier Solved. .
A're (he rteslt oedliacol Trinte pcn of
kiti investigtimes !n 'The WahratedrtoR
c h alniel d I)issenso ri Jgisntgerhd,
(I itt (I (CIc~tflll ('ertr~ Peoni
S lomc . TLer Stomel orh,
nl itt e r, ctwe ld Drowiels
e m iate ('Relie, of e
1)ismease.
upo. Atos r1Common FmiVy PLLsc
'Ili. ire'nt Ati.· I~ilious lenwly a
Ut PARSON'S
PURGATIVE PILLS
Ate the result of lotig-colliut~iel Sc~ien
title iunvatigation, nfre h a worranted to
cure all diseahe originatitg i ithe
--Stomach, Liver, andtt Bowels N~o rip
ionsu ptuits follow the use oftheset Pills,
itnies the Bowelo anr rnflatiltd but Re
Alief, Imme'iare Rpliotn, tnty be relied
upter. As Courmtmon Fo ailyPhysic
1 PARSON'S
oPURGnATVE PILLS
Stand unequal.d before the world to-day.
By vary~ing the those arccordingi to d~irec
tions, Paroles Pttrg~tive Pillfaeffioctually
Purify. the Blood and greatly alleviate,
if not entirely citre Dysrcuepsia, 8crotfnla
a or King's Evi, Roser No SPipela or.St.
'* Anthonuy's Fie, Eruptions, und Eruptive
Phyiscases of the Sbin, Salt pheuma Tet
ter, Ringwform, SorsR, Bjoi)ls Tumors,
f'i Morbid $ 0elhougs, Ulcerationu, Pichple
, i adac Blotches.
SEVERY BOX WARRANTED,
- Moat Complete Satisfction Garant oeed
or N'o Payr,
Q· Full dlirctions around each box.
Physfcians supplied by mailUK, postpaid
for ~' 10 per thons~a , inbl, ahi
advane. WVe will send these Pills to
-any reliable drugaist or meychant to sell
on commission. Agents wanted every
where.
J . JOHNSON & CO.,
BANGOR, IAINE, Preprieton.
THE FIRST CLIENT. tie
of i
John Smith, a young attorney, just ad
mitted to t he bar,
Was soleinn and sagarious as-.-s vot"ng St
attornteys are:
.\Antid a tfrowin of deep a stractiot hel the has
seizi i of his lace- olrd
IlThe result of co)templiation of thei rule in I )e
Shell \"a Case. lotl
One dtay in teirn-tinie Ir. Smtith Was it- cor
ting in the Court, fea
When some good men and true of the the
holy of the country did oni their d ia
oath report, t ht
That. bet etotfre, to-wit : upon the second lie,
day of May.pal
A. 1). 1877, about the hour of coon. in the ott
countitt iv and State aforesaid, one
.Jo'ieph Scrogga, late of said county 0n1
did then and there felbniously take, it
steal and carry away ilr
One buy horse, of the value of fifty dol
lars, more or less. t
(The sname then and there hIeing of the co0
property, goods, and chattels of one tilt
Hezekiah Hess): sot
Conitrary to the statute in such case ex- for
presly made an
And provided; anid againstt lthe peacne and tat
dtig~uitv of the State whereint the cal
vente had betit laid
rite prisoner, Joseph Srongg, \ as then te
arraigned utton this charge, an
Andl ptuId noitt gutilty, atnd of this hle oir
thtrev' himislfC upion the country at tilt
large; ;
And said ,Josehih beinig poor, the Court t
lit i graciously alppoint
Mr. Smith to idefentd him-tmach on the to
same princip'le that obtains in ist
every chatrity hospital where a th
youtig Inedeal student is often set
to r.ectify a serious injury to an or- tit
gan 1 a tjoint. thi
'IThe witness seemted iprejuldiced against isl
poor Mr. Serorigs w;
And thy District tAttorney miade a thril.
ling speech. in which he told the
pitrv that if tihey didnt't tind for the r
State le reckotined he'd have to
"walk their logs;:"
Then t Mr. Smith arose and mtade his th
speech tot' the deftense. sit
tWhterein lie quoted Shnkspt-re, Black- th
stone, Chit lty, Archboltd, Joaquin. nit
M1uiller. Story, Kent, Topper, Smetdes t
ant Marshall, and many other o
wri1ts, 1d everybody said they. All
"never heerd st.ih a !)list a t'eloquenc'e. " if
And he said : "On this hypothesis, my in
client utitist go F'ree :
And "Againt, ott this Ihypothesis, it's b
iornally impossible that he couldt
be guilty, don't yot see" to
And: "'l'hen, on this Ihypothesis, you ti
really can't convict :" ni1
And se oni, with forty-six more hypothe- cl
ses upon nollne of which Mr. Smith rt
aIly demountrated, could Scroggs hi
he derelict.
s lint the jury. inever stirring frout the Ibox nit
'wherein they sat, g1
liet urned a vertlict of "gnilty," unit His at
Hotnor straightway sentenced Jos. nt
Scroggs to the Penitentiary, and a
heavy tine, and the costs on top ti
of that. t
And the prisoner, in wild delight, got lip
and danced and sung; a
Antd when they asked himt the reason of 0
this strange hehavior, he said : it
"rI's because I got off so easy-for I1
if there'd ha' beetn a few more of n
tent darned hypothesises, I should a
certainly have been hung."
-Scribner.
c
r
The Worst of Compronmises.
II
.N 0), Democrat.
The last session of the Legislature d
has presenited to the people it long it
series of tientdments to tihe constitu- t
lion of this State, and apfl ealed to a
them to utecept temu instead of as- 11
aemtbling in contvention to frrmno a
tnew orgattiC law. 'Ihese amieuiiments t
rare the fruits of one of tile most ex- I
L ri'aordiuary anrd illegitimate cirtnpro. <
titises ev'etr tmtde by any reIsesenta
jive bod'.y A comtitrtotirse w with we t
' trust the l)emiocratic party will a
itpromptly repudiate atid rebuke. The a
Srg tim te Legisitatute to suggest
anoendmllents to, thle c~onstitution is a
gand it ougt to be, restricted to a very
RIrw san~ge. It doles not and0 it I
ought not tu extend beyond the sug. 1
gestion of emenddmeuts to supply an <
accidental omission of a COD8titutiof
oH cotnvention ; or to perfect the sym
rietry of the instruameit ; or to nmeet
sortie new and special necessity of
the State.
When great radical sltanges in our
social and political relations render
it necessary ftr the general interest
to completely remodel the organic
lan, the Legislature lIsa no author
ity to attempt the work tldtatghi a
inultitude of amendments, either well
or ill-prepared. So great a work
should be remitted to the great body
ol the people, who wiiN consider
every change required, who will
eltoose delegates to represeit them in
a convention expressly fdr this pur
pose and who will enter upon the
business of their election thorooghly
informed of the interest and wishes
to of their constituencies, and, out of
the deliberatiotta, will arise a work sym
'ip- metrical and harmonions in all parts
lis, and adapted to the purposes for
Re- which it was framed.
ied But the m'pmbers of the late Leg
islature persistenttY ignored this well
established theory of oar government;
s they closed their ears to the clamors
of an emancipated people for a con
13.- vetition and a new constitution ; they
e 7C- uslrlped the highest power of the
sle State, and, with at arrogance wthicb
'l n should be resented, dictated time cea.
St. stitutional reforms they were willfing
ive to accord the public, titey presumta.
ret- oasly assumed that the people of
o1e, Louisiatna had been so long in bond.
e age that they were incapacitated to
exercise the sovereign power of fram.
irg an organic law ; that the fietce
D. passions which had been so long
ced pent up under Radical domination,
in a convention would blaze out in
fury to stmike down the rights of time
)ox. negroes and to incorporate in the
aid, new instrument the most violent aid I
a in pernicious partisan provisions. All
sell the temperance, wisdom, moderation
rand public virtue, it was inuihuated to
Ius, had retreated into the minds and
hearts of the omembers of the Legis
lature and It was their 'duty, as they
I. were best capable of judging, to re
Imodel the .oastittlion and protect
te State froti tho ignorance and fitry
of its own citizens.
And how did this wvise body ofi
statestmen perform their self allotted
labor ? The amendmentts, as we est
have said, are the result of an extra- in
lordinaryv and illegal compromiset . cal
)etmocrats, Conservatives Radicals, d
lottery men, white mien and negroes in
combited in a determination to de
feat a convention and to carry throughf th
the amendments with a fraternal cur- tinr
iliality which mnust continue to excite lien
the greatest astonishment of the pub- wri
lie. A bill to iticorjpote a fire con- pre
pan could lhardly unite so incongru- the
ont ai support as did tlhose twenty- td
one amendments, radically changing, I
in many of its most important feat- tiro
Ires, thle organic law of a great State. thI
But these amendments themnselves the
indicate the cohesive principle of the tot
combination which was organized in tha
thieir support. We fliud that while cot
somnething has been conceded to re- Au
form, concessions have been made, ion
and priteciples of the highest impor- adI
taince abatlndolted, in the initerest of tit
combination. not
In the tilrst pllace neitlher an act of Ia
tile Legislature was passed nor an
tamendment t subtmitted to the people et
for repealing tile charter of a single ti
moIopoliy. It is provided indeed thiat
nto monopoly shaIIll be created in theC ti
future-a brave concession, indeed,
to a suffiering public-but all the ex- u
isting ontes are permittedl to continue Nv
thieir pernicious esibttence.O
T'his was the condition on which toi
tile lottery and its allied rings gave
the sullpport of their tools in the Leg- gi
wa
islature to the amendmlents, or rather o
we shoutld say tlhis was the basis on
which tihe scheme of tile amendmnents ve
was founded, for the lottery and the Ito
rinigs. apprtehensive of the peolple, wI
devised aind worked up thejob. Thus,
though a slice has been taked off the nit
salarties ot a few olficials to please tic
the people, the lottery and other mo- tic
Snopolites are left to tlourish and fat- of
ten on tie taxlpayers and thie credul- of
ons dupes " ho are fleeced for their
support to the amount otIf over a Imil
lion per annumni. HappIy, triumphant 18
liThe miost obnoxious article in the y
bayonet edict of 8Iti8 were left un
touchleed, for tile purpose of concillia-sh
ting such of the Radical negroes as I
thie lottery conild not control. Theed
Sclauses enforcing mixed schools still n;
remain intact in all their force and eg
I beauty ito become a subject of strife St
whienever designing and ambitious
men amonlg our own people shall or
gatize ain anti-Democratic party and
1attempt to enlist the Bsupport of the re
Ilneglroes Ly calling for the enforce
m nmett of this obuoxious provision of pa
Sthe constitution. It is folly to urge t
that this question has been settled
P and wvill be reolpened. It will not be re- r
f opened and that before the election ti
: in 1880. Indeed, if the negroes and gi
ir Radicals in the Legislature, to corn- C
f mand whose co-operationt articles 135
i and 136 were left untouched, did not gi
attaech great importance to them, why
were they not obliterated from tile t
constitttitton ? It was against thlese
very articles that thle Demiocrats of w
Louisiana, in 1848, protested, in the a
Ilname of Almighty God, tandl which O
R
the tmore decent Radicals of that time.
e denounced in uunmeasured temns. WHe
g know the strife atnd detitoralization
- titese articles have created in the past, a
I atId we know tha1 t whel . we againy I
r- have two ptrttier iii this State, as we
a will hlteve soon, eaeh struggling for n
s the ntegro vote, pledges will be made *
b- bythe cuundidates of both to carry b
I- I out these articles, and that tihent there
I- nell be amonlgst its a more powerful
'e antd certtit tendency toward "social C
II equalit3" than could he produced in
re a ceutitry by all the civil rights bill
st that were ever enacted. People who
is are able to gIpay for the education of
3 their children will withdraw them )
it fromte the ptiblic schools. But the ~
g- poorer classes will be forced either to
n educate their children with the ne
I- groea or permit them to grow up in C
n- ignorance. i
et Tuns we have shown how the com
of promise throtigit which these amend.
meits were passed was effected, no
nr far as the monopolies and the Rad- t
er icals and negrees were connected. A
at few Conservative-Democrats were al
ic lured into the compromise by the
r- eniboditment in the amendments of
a smtwe of thle reforms this paper had
i suggested, and which are calculated
'k to rednce in a measure the expensee
ly of the State. Altogether the whole
er tamendment scheme was a compromise
ll in wtichi the monopoliesand rings got
in all they wanted; in which a eurree
Ir- der was made to the worst and most
he dangerous prejndices of the negroes,
ly tand in which the people got very lit
es tie.
of Let this obnoxious compromise be
n- . repudiated by the people, and let tihe
·ts . Democrats at Baton Rouge pledge the
'or Dtemocracy to a constitutional con
vention.
g
t; POLITICAL ASsESsMENTS IN WASH
re INUToo.-Instead of canvassing the
en departments for fuonds to aid in tie ap
*ey proaching elections, the Secretary of
ihe the Republican Congressional Coma
ich mittee caused a circular to be diatri
ra* buted among the clerks and others
ni informing theem that, as the rules
,au render dilfcolt their absence dunrig
of ofkce hours, an arrangement has been
ad- made with the Treasurer to be at a
to specified bank from 4 to 5 P. 1. to re
m - ceive contributions from those in the
ie departments who have not already
eng respobded. A anmber of clerks here
tn, tofore called on have declined to con
in tribute on the ground that they are
tie not politicians.
All A witty clergyman, accosted by an
ion, acquaintance by tbe name ofCobb,
i to replied : *I don't know you, sir."
iad "My name is Cobb, sir.n rejointed the
ps. man, who was about half seas over.
say "Ah, sir," said the mioister, "you
re. have so mouh corn on that I did notl
;ec*J se th. .b. "
Now is the Accepted Time.
(N. 0. Deonmerat..)
We have watched wiith deep inter
est the manifestations of piblic opin. D)r.
ion in this State on the question of
calling a constitutioual convention,
and we have not heard any man of reip
inftluoenlce, or any pIaper of conse in
quence, has taken any otlher position sta
than that there must Ie a constitu- prt
tional convention. We have not nte
heard of a man who has spoken or siel
written from the standpoint that the pic
present constitution is a disgrace to ont
the State and objectionable in a multi- spe
tude of respects. Our excellent friends tio
in Ouachita, who lead offon this ques- tha
I tion by instructing the delegates from an
Sthat parish to vote against commiting wit
the Democratic partt at HBaton Rouge WV
ton constitutional convention, concede tra
that, sooner or later, we must have a so
convention. The Democrats of As- for
sumption, who alone, so far, have fol- list
lowed the lead of Onachitn, broadly wli
admit the necessity of a new consti ag'
tuntion after a while, and we know of in
not a newspaper in the State which He
has had the temerity to defend the lig
present bayonet edict, or to hold that poi
it should not be, in the course of time, I pet
entirely dlone away with and a new par
constitution, framed by the represent- in
atives of the people, substituted for it. vel
On this point there is a singular del
unanimity of public opinion, and up
every section of the State declares cei
that there must be a new constitu- I
tion. It is needless, therefore, to ar
gue this phase of the question or to
waste time in pointing out the defects
of an instrument which all men uni
versally condemn. !Ja
A very serious difference of opinion,
ºhowever, has arisen as to the time bo
when we should take the necessary rel
measures to repudiate before the ful
whole world this obnoxious constitu- I no
tion and frame one in the interest of fai
the people, based upon the principles tde
of free government. cat
Tihe anti.convtentionists hold that red
Swe should wear the collar of Radical- i TI
im has hung about our necks until of
1880; that we should yet two or three 'st
t years suffer the extravagance and
other evils entailed upon us by the
hbayonet edict of 1868. And why S1
a They hold that if a convention is call
ed at this time, or early in 1879, we
mayv be beaten in the elections for del.
I egates; that even if we are not, the
convention may provide for a new
8 State government and attempt to re
- adjust the Slate debt.
The two latter objections have al- le
e ready been fully answered by the l
e IDEMOCRAT and the other convention iD
f papers throughout the State, and we I
e believe they have been abandoned by a
the anti-conventionists, who now in
rests their oppositions to a constitn-t lo
tional convention, solely upon the am
Sground that we may not be able to d
carry the election.
This objection is based upon a sin
gular misapprehension of the political
events of the last few. years and ofp'
the present situation in Louisiana. p'
Te 'ie truth is that we are now, and
,will be in the spring of 1879, better at
able to carry this State by a sweeping la
I majority than we will be again. The
Radical party is now totally disorgan- tl
e ized; it has :eitlher lt-ade s nor unity tl
it is as incapaible of making a stand ti
t against the Democracy as the Radical
laorty of Mississippi was when it was
beaten in 1877 by a hundred thousand b
r Imttnlotity. If a living questiolt, such I b
he as a constitiitiolal cotvention, shall
be b presented by the Ba rott Rouge ,
con vetitiomi, the Democrats will carry
SLouisiatna by 20,I000 inajomity, nam
a elect a large nmajority of the membei's "
of both houses of the Legislature. So P
ill complete is the demoralization cf the C
Radical party that our friends from
Northeast Louisiana assure us that
the Democrats will carry such parish- h
m es as Madison, Tensas and Carroll.
to No inteligent man can believe that B
this conditron ofaffaire will continue
in notil 1880. We bare a certainty of "
carrying the State this fall, and again
in 1879 if we call a convention. But
n- the elements of opposition to the a
50 Democratic party will oganize an op.
d- posing party before 1880 as certain as
the sun shines, and under leaders
which will make its opposition more
formidable than many seem to appre
ad head. Indeed, we believe that if an
other Democratic Legislature assem
ad bles in this State without calling a
cd covetition, the opposition to the
Democratic party in 1880 will carry I
the election and gain fairly the con
trol of the State. We hold, there
-o fore, that if the Democrats hope to
st prolong their power in Louisiana,
es they must yield to the demands of the
it people for a constitutional convenrion.
Let the Democratic conventions,
be therefore, in the several parishtes be
blte ware how they instruct their dele
;hme gates to vote against committing the
in- party to this great popular Demo
cratic measure. All factions of the
party; all the leaders and journals
of the party have, without exception,
u conceded that the bayonet edict of
the 1868 is an infamy, and an incnubs;
therefore let the party, when it as.
of sembles in Batoo Rouge, be true to
mu. Democratic principles; true to the
tri- honor and the best interests of the
er State, and pledge itself to call a con
lea atitutional convention while there is
inga certainty that the Democrats can
eo elect a large majority of the dele
it a gates, and thus insure the people so
re- honest, economical and truly ·epubli
the can constitution.
ady .
ire- We watch eagerly for the editor
on- who first has the hardihood to "dis
are cover signs of returoing prosperity."
The papers began to discover sigos
much earlier thtan this last year. Prob
ably there are fewer signs; a good
an many bankrupt businees men have'
ibb, taken down theirs during the past
lir." twelve oooths.
the
er. To those who are enemies of England
YiO is gratifying to learn that Victoria
not Woodhull has taken up a permanent res
t idence there.
Yellow Fever News. itler
StbII
tsle
[Special to Shreveport Timues.] tall
NEw OauuE~s , Jluly `4. .i
1)r. J. M. Wood worth, Surgeon (.a4l -l tthe
Marine Service, Waushington, P. C.:
SIre-It DOts becomes miy dity to to n
report the existence ot yellow fever ter
in New Orleans. About the l2th in- th
start, cases began to, occtr in the iltI
practlce of several of our plhysicians w
Inear interior of Constance and Telrp- l i
sichore streets, which piresented sis- Xr1,
picioils symptoms, andi we now reek- die
on fourteen cases at that focus of in- q
spection, with six deaths. In addi- too
tion to these seven other eases have lie,
have come to light at different points Die
and nmuch more scattered, four of el
which have already resulted fatally. ed.
We are endeavoring diligently to opi
trace the origin of this outbreak, bult bet
so far find no connection with any
foreign source. It is clear that they
have not resulted from two cases
which were developed two months
ago on the steamer Emile B. Sanders
immediately after her arrival from wa
Havana. Carbolic aciid disinfection is tdl
Sigorously carried out at all infected tot
points and we hope to prevent the loc
pestilence frotm assuming epidemic its
proportions. I will keep you advised cir<
in regard to the progress of the te- bet
ver and in a few days give you the rer
determination of the board of health diu
upon the question of allegiance to Vol
central authority at Washington. seC
Respectfully your ob't. servant. It
SAMUEL CHOPPIN, M. D., out
Pies't Board of Heath, ihat
ant
New Orleans, July 25, 1:50 p. l. all
James H. Jordan: tht
We have visited the office of the rat
board of health and inspected the ads
reports, which we are assured are boa
full and correct, and find the total
inumber of cases of yellow fever thus pa,
far to be twenty-three and thirteen agi
deaths. These include all doubtful on
cases. Two deaths but no new cases mE
reported in the last twenty-four hours. Ju
There is no fever in the business part coi
!of the town or about the shipping or be
steamboat landing. the
Samn'l. Choppitn, M. D. Ti
B. F. Taylor, M. D. to
Secretary Board of Health. "r
Jos. A. Aiken, go
Thos. Semnmes & Levy, rei
Dymond & Gardes, no
J. J. Irby & Son, kit
Flash Brothers. fol
[N. 0. Picayune, 24th I
mm
Within the past few days cause- of
Sless alarms have been afloat in the la
community respecting the health of
the city, and thoughtlenss persons have fa
magnified a common occurrance into CO
a danger of great proportions. With- t
in the past week several cases of yel.
low fellow fever have broken out,
and the lack of definite information c
as to its extent has led to vague and ca
even terrifying rumors. The fact CO
may be told that yellow fever has ap- Ci
peared. antd out of tourteen cases ire
portedt within tihe past few days seven i
have proved fatal. These cases ale
thiought tto be. sporadlie, and not in
;any wise threatenlling the general
health. The percentage of deaths to y
tstickness no doubt is very high ; but I"
Ithe cases which hlve tuanifosted Cl'
i themselves have been malignIant,
wvhich is usually the characteristic of Is
first attacks of tile disease.
'The Board of Health is using ear. tr
holic acid very freely, as the neighl
borhood of Magazine and Constance W
streets, between Ghiod and Felicity t
Road, will testify by its order.
It is worthy of note that of those t
who died of the fever not oue was
B propedIy acclimated. Two of the de
ceased were born here, but they lost I
their acclimation by residence abroad. o
The prtncipal seat of the disease now
is Constance street; and one death
has occurred on Camp street, and d
another back of town. The pllysicianes
entertami, so far, no apprehension "
e whatever of a sprea~d, anld expressB t
the opinion that the disease may he P
i easily confined to the localities of :
original appearance. t
. [From the N. O. Item.]
'" Yellow fever in New Orleans was
once regarded witlh considerable
e alarm. But that day is past. It is
now admitted to be one of the most
manageable of febrile ailmnso.t--
Whether cur quarantine regulations s
are rigidly enforced or not, Bronzed i
1e Jolln puts in at least a sporadic ap- .
Y pearance and sets his yellow stamp i
on a victim Ilere and there. His nor
mal visitations are, however, far less aI
; dangerous than the heat waves which a
" waste in darkness and midday in 4
e most of the cities of this continent.
*' At present the disease is confined a
s, to a limited locality and the prohu- I
" bilities are that it will not spread.
* We, however, intend to give the ez
IC act facts of the case, and a fully re
' cord of all deaths, with the canaeca
i" thereof, so that our readers, whether
le at home or abroad, may know exactly
D' how the matter stands. There is no
of cause for alarm, bit we intend by a
5i parade of facts to prevent exaggera
6* tions.
Ie Cheelaig the Fever.
he [N. O. Picayune.]
1- Since the fiast appearance of yellow
is fever up to yesterday afternoon there
an h bare been tweuty-one cases reported
le* to the Board of Health; of these
1o eleven hare died. There were two
li- new cases reported yesterday-one in
the neighborhod of Phillip and Aun
nunciation streets, and tile other oin
tor North Rampart street, tnear Canal.
is- There was also one death yesterday.
There are on apprehensions euter
tained of a spread of the disease, the
ib. Board of Health being fully convimo
ed of its ability to confine it. They
think it wise that the actal coircnui
stances thos given should be knowo,
as it will prevent the alarm conse
quent on sensational and groundless
reports.
id Dr. Austin, of the board, stated
yria yesterday to a Picayune reporter that
O he believed the fever was introduced
here by the stearship EmilyIB. 8oa
der. T'Illis ship Gilfichl 41i +;;
some f1out' or five wtek ,+_ .
called in at lovana dlin
,he was detained at If im
the purser was repoiel s:;
mittent fever. 1)r. l'hopp .
the quarantine pj 4sichdi, I)
tol, to detain the vesscl, i;)1
terwards the latter :14;1'M
that the purser's disi'~s.;
intermittent fever, aniint
was alloired to pass up hIll
pitratiou of the regular 'te !i.+
parser remained at tlui ;,
died, it is said, of ,ellow " w
The engineer, Dr. Amt'-n
took sick hete and hii 1d.
lieves, of yellow fever, at~
Dien. The steward was a] ..
en down by yellow fever. iiin:
ed. This leads Dr. Austi ,
opinion that the fever was int
here by the ship Emily B. Sil'
OUR WAHINGTON LEIl'!'T
WASHINGTON D. C., Jnl} -
Yesterday the thermoinnii
wasK980 in the shade at the s:i
lice, and in various phie
town was at 101t° and lii"hfor.
location of Washington, tht sb
its streets and avennes, giy ,
circulation to the air andl tiir
berless grassy parks and mIsv:
render such extreme heat n,
durable than in other cities. a;,
vent the fatal effects wvhimvhi I.
season been so noticeable i"'
It is beginning to be known t:
out the whole world that W\
has a location unsmrpased forh
anti heartfulness, and that tie
ally developing plan of the i
the excellent sewer systerm
rated by the Board of publ it t
adding yearly to its attractive (
both respects.
Secretary Sherman is plel!I:
pay silver and gold for small t;; t
against the Government. :t t
unlikely that the salaries of !
ment officers will be paid in e
July. Whether or not piay
coin can he maintained hrl. ,
being commenced, it is ec t
the Secretary will make the ;
There could be no more seriiul,
to the credit of the country .
"resume" and then be cuntnli! ,
go back to the use of depreeu ,
rency. The Secretary, however.
no fears, and believes a revival + +
kinds of business will imniweoi+:*;
follow resumption.
Comment, not always favor:+.
made on the proposal to have a
of Mr. Potter's Committee sit :+
lactic City during the summnue'w.
far as the expense of Governuint
concerned, they may as well st t
as elsewhere, and, as the necessit
the Committee has been am Ili,
moestrated it is hardly fair to "I
cise the selection of a conmirtfu a
cation. The sub-Comn iitee ;
commence proceedings at .\ll
City on the 23rd. There w' il1 le o4Ili
ground of complaint, however, i.
is now said, the "visiting saw1
only will be examined ther,.
without thorough cross Ulxiii
't'he Committee was not ortleil s+i,
ly for the purpose of exjti II.,
t perjury and other crimes of the w0
Cr class of Louisiana politics.
Committees, the necessity for \\1 I
is not so plain as in the case of A
Potter's Committee, have permi.:";
to sit during the recess, and will have'
watering places.
One Of the Districts ill which aL pa
tion of the Democracy is mmtte'pie]tv
eto prevent the renomiflat~i4)n wli
election of a Itepregntativo vho 1':i
retlected credit upon tihe co)unt rv :4
tthe party, and has been 45144w i
Iuseful to his constitnants, is thn' ?
Sandria, Vs., District. Mr. Hlnotim
the able and honest and ep ii' c I
dlegislator who, if possible, i to ii
Sdisplaced. The whole polb'>
nwrong, anid in Its resnits. Mr. 1ime
ton is not only honest beyiai1
iepreach, but lhe is exceedingly i:'
trious and energetic ; a miu lth' I
of his District will make a grave
take in dropping him at this timmi"
AlAU:14 '.
he DeSot*A Dots.
is -
at [Prom the Ikmocaat 1
-- The imasa meeting of it;t wa, pm
as sided over by lIon. J. 11. Elaio, :iiil
md decided in favor of a hprimiarI' el'ene
p. for the selections of cundidaiti o
p~ parochial offices.
r- The Shreveport Times oh vet? I f
ss reports that DeSoto parish il:
:h structed to favor a Cons!tite ,
in Convention. That is a mnista1k:. I>
go ouninstructed in that rE'sllEi' l
ed all of them are in favor of a Can: viii
a- tion.
d. Crops are very sjpottetl. Inmm:
z- places they are good, but in liii V
e- neighborhoods the coatinuellle hv 'e
tea rains has damaged them greatly
or The Democrat is full of cazjdidatc's
thy announcenments and says:
no Be it remembered, that we1h
ra majority of the people 4,f Dii o
a*Patish, do declare that we will w
ognize and consider no man a ci:.
date for omtice in Desotui lil II
ontil his name is anno~uileed jIl (I
*. pariah paper. We also reicilioni'l
ert that the various mnembers "V the'
4j Legislature will give their ti""" I'
as the pabhic, through the sanmo lnui
woe ow, in regard to a Co)lnstitmL i
j,. Convention.
Oh) Oni t day that Barnnmn's cint
al. perfo~rmnld a while ago :i M i lie,
sy. Conti., WZ1414 u11nkeys escitped Iin iii
er- emeagerie, and only orne 01 thus :e
the been caught. The 4,1101' ti'e ame *un
so. ing greenback mnews~upigms ill :141
us dwow the country.
Wt~~henm a man succeeds in 11411i4\in
less ive dollars be is ready to dcclii I h
thme womid is growing bettem'. 't\II
ted he fails in borrowing fifty centt 114 0'
hbat certain that the last 1110011 hias got ii.
toot before the week iS 441t. 44!'
w.on.t be a cannia tea for lhieat'e lft.