Wal Circul a Oio of' AI y
ColItry Paper in Iher Sale:
Rates of Subscription.
"Ye ar..·- ..... 132 50
SMotl ................ 50
0 sinbscriptin tlakInt for losw than 6
months.
I* .4vj
II
:11
A i3·liS.l~cPi~~
L .t', go ti.hing.
I yoIn play A .ther" "
f ue"P to haork oti tlI -' .t I·L-t.
I}{n t i p that i iti lit ut net.
{':n I'ior " I' 1ill :nl lrnrr to fat ll.
UIni inisii, gen llt :II, -- \º OI'. dIn l.
'el athl r:iiit thi 'it g - h .autifl.
The ('its Co"i.l,'il h I,. it hist lit t a
fNr 'e to \rI rk nI thI i,itr, i ti .
The Fditr is -e till :1a..s t, lhnce ts .
lak of wlitari;d inmttler in this is-.te.
Bishop B Lr't . Ii. l, t h .s blie ab eint on
Irt Anevld i IlIs fli rof , f1 e l iot lr week
ttrt rn, li ti the aiSrt Ab hh i ll 'lt us ,la
,rane itl it Shti\, o'lc, k. 1i ll that
vong 11 111111 foi shutIi ' ft l'o lit ) door from11
hle Outside." ".. lThal . ounig -ilto h:isn't
H ,a n v i s i l hu g . i n e. 0
flyggios and W .go. for sale at ri,
dace pricesn a I,('ifit k &l, lies.
'There is :t ih enl td ,colore'd 1an1 ivl
tew Orliaes whtoc insists on spe. ding oe
t tdollar ht'k I'lliet in expensive cloth
iMg. The inar-droe hi' crazy, he saI.
The Bast Able "t.hlok,.d aI troee" a our
wharf on ''e ha. a tuin, la(Ilst. Il'tr oft
wh6er itp sed ta s fmlr obf ligations, a
unal, for frtllil, a few ot rler:s pill oal.
tar, who has hben ahsenlt filr .sone Iilne,
Our frite entd thnl" Siit, hw las rle i
that nhsl good humor llfor tIl he past till
hys, inp with onselqence f an aliio. n to hi
amily, oy a dalghte loer.
dThise wetiont .avisg ited with a prettyll
pd a bl lf erain, on t. Siderablebt, wind,l
on last Wednesday morning.
Me Cook &, Urn. is still receiving a
faH line of all styles o,," Reels at low
er prices and to snit the times.
Several of our fmerchany ts have re Aeive
their Spring stock 1,t" goods,. and we of
ourse, expeet them toit tell he pirop
wha t that stock consists f, bhy a adver
tiaement in lt thin otiT e ill I.m
T helpnt tramp who lpassed through our
cie tlf us i t that hol w:l't so thin that
when be had a pain he n couldn't tell
Ouwhether it was a touch of the tcoli or
the back ache.
While readmg a few chapters in Noah
Weter' grientertaining novel, we learned
that when they elihatlu a man they till
ifnp with aromati, spitirels. Now we
know why a man chews clotves- te's em
balming himself.-Ex.
Should the Mot-f.tt RH iteºr bill Iecomne
la nw rin our Staat, "a 11l can't take a
dribk wiThout having it dnashed with two
ad a atf centson thate Staoe debt, and
Eulergoing at the same time a olo thare
a.le on a . Cntt punching bell."
"That'y our family tree, said ai Arkau
ai youth, as he poi, ted tlro a vigorous
iemlock. "A good mitani of our folks have
Mabeen h e ill that tree of horres in'
bortate, we E ax.
1ar SACKS Texas ire st Proof Oat
Saljustat ofreceived a rit rMcCentlk & Bro.lt
P lver dollarstin of any unlober of catgrains,
ollbe rec eived at this oetle inq a i-met
r pBo ing ptold bentakedicines, buitllllt r thet
tir it ot. Some poitent medicine to her,
Sand, i the ir newspapers an omhined jour
srterl, gthe laatent muvoredicine man, the
ltor grinder, A the venatdor olfplaster it
Pari images, aon o d we now await the
Ilungof the lightning-rod ma.Ex and the
u:k agent. h ill me smoke co
O PLOWS, difwent rent sthcan y Mar
"1 Eomake at MC Coork C& rlia,' at
t.rJn TLaplX ce, DToepu's OICler, Fe
bNatchiues, In the matritonial line a.
T vHE public are hereby notined that I
licenh Taxes be Licenses inw diie.g
iogh 30 drigf State Tax Collector.
i kiverty one will be pAneled eto learn t.t
inty "Mary Angele Aletoyer.
We would like to say onomething ashnt
I T'ro Andlc son's case, and have thorl'lngh
ly examined all the cuss words in Wcl,
I nstir's ui;nthrllge flor thle purpose of ;it
ranginlg thenll ill such ;a mannelIr as 11o 0x
Ipr'ess what w\. thillk wo.hl he aibtll| the
sen'lltiltl, llt t, I ,' J' h ;ditor , f this Rapner on
)the Sillj et. \!t"W hav hll" Itlll lllm V w r'
li nt 4-:1l not ft ' l' I H h in to I'al'tl other
so is to imaike themi sonitil anyvthing like
tli langu:age of lithe Edlitor on a subijeet
of this ki tl. We' will lmerely state that
Anderson hla got out of prison like Adl:u.
raln as to the qi'estio, of hitw he dl,ne it,
thei' nswtr is dalntint . lent1 !
A new antd ;annsing stor)ly whlich is tohl
,of Col. Itl,,hrt Ingersol. l run1 ,: as follows. :
"'I ling his trip, ito le l':I-t lduring the
'lm lal:i~ .t, the ('-11,.l on Sundlav went
tit' lsill r, a1d s'I.ie ,tinlg the linest pliw Ile
ii,,'11i. li 1 tl' ir1114' i, ;,l..ih' lgl. ~'.it II( lhi'i .ii
itlir ll ildt ,lnsr 1,111 d hii self ii'i the ,li oft-'
t'st 'orl'll'r. ,"it h tll I re' t IIlI;I \ 111h )
,l\, i ,d the pot \ miune ;idn" \\ith hi: fnt -
ill;ltit satil tw l t l'Bitt s chll t i lt Il enec
lhii not ll tit 111. 1 i '1 t:1 pass 1),v l-iit re:
I ;il 1 ()I o ; IIe iI'.ll lat ,r llih' :I ilsh at . I'
,I'.' $ !.II0 :l ear t ','1 f1'11 t l hi. Ii, 1 "" is 111
l ,:a~1'd it to the ('oloel. ( ,uit'k as thon, ht
tlhhe i1t IV ly ',t il m e lliti llllt, fili ioo'k Nlas
li r' ll l' nll mtlilh tll : tdd iiollal line, anlld lit
itti ::au t o" nee read the minintent :
ti,,i p1t Ian s hat lri.e."-- E1.
A I nill line of:,Itll .rade gr,, sd alt re
- i llttl, I '1tt' All |l lll O Ih
Tintet lilt 1ire1 , t I clll ok tll.e ll.g gi' h 15.
'l"\1011101 " 1 l who sint us the lues
fo I'l lictio . e tit . ' e tle Breezes
-oflly Mivi :'il i";' \\ill ta cr use heir liion
'l 'arii l' nll plltid, when she learns
that they Neer recefived during the tIrri
hle win l stll-rll oil last \ e'dnesd:ly in'morn
it.', were with . ,veral other pll apers
hlown by those ginItle lireezes entirely
f Illy d o eIr l,'t rol. l e' had su1.1rel ei l S
i ril e 'iintg the lilst verile ( and ulndl Ithl
h Inwing vert gt'w ll t ; N t rl ezesl . s i llleM,
of keleis, ot f.. tat plaehink the idias were
a licti tlef colature. Sioftly iiMreing wronte
dI oll ftho ntr lth, we Ir it.r Howething
like this:
I1, ilvt4) tt, i ar e01 s":1, a great trm hi n l and
bll lto w Oitng,
.]o1n' pe1c1 lit ii'niitl, \tll  i tll Ill03 ' It fee| l
r.ist, 1nil down youtr, I Vve alIt tive s ay
sho\\ ing,
collie tIlltulle~it Ill'. 111 yot will Snlnely go
giUltll'ts . breeze i that \\lillstill Ct like aI
41A sort of ze, ,lyr-like osi ll sized cyclone.
for snthe phing like the fpai lowingr frTo
the, sh York not nhrald.
aof the kilh i not ostler th ditc i with go
totlulter, its winls andli its idust they are
horrid, t ter Aril wit,) showerteles, orll
Miay with its fllowers, eveI Jly hotti at
'trr'idp .better August, Septemlllber, teo
her, Novemberlll oir e, ill i)en city so harseh,
thi lhethe wihl lr'antin roar of this hatle
f ful old blower Mareh!-
All spooney, Ib'eezy, nmeany, lovesick
poetry, owilll he rejiele, to nil the wtimeath
cer tl t s.
iThe following telet gra fwall handed s
for d allli 'l io cily:
"It i the lion. MyolIr al cit y f ol nil of
tille ity wt" Nall I ulhsM :Ilie,
tt_ethll.mIf t'i . .It : .. .,
Yor o'wn uie tiollh; teel received
and in 1n31\'y r I hatve o say that
sutrry Ilo her -alt in yoir nall city you,
-hat as many s half oih ze, di.erent re
ah: tlte wi.heln octrine of a lellt, and
,of keeping out of tlhIt place ; thereby in
icatig of conuse six diffvrent ro(tes,.
it do wis ly heart good to know that there,
al sin tliy s g ' sgy, a great nany,
Fptcally yfrung menll, 'vin your iyoury whor
wouir folel greater seawrity and muchl,
ore peacs the at rce in, ol they lt fe
Plht any ideas aot twhe 'matter re c" o
"illvncome an! hear me antriek yo, will surely gom
Gly tlenart i tore is with relwoeta!e that !
Sh fell il, to lI'or prolsiin of donatingrs
Ee-ha niof vhe a trove te moreds to lobe dve
of the kind not give a dothe itch will go
And did not give a dern.
t On or ahluut the lls, inst., two gentle- 1
m1n, of this c'ity went fiyhiug. Plain a
st lt.fl *·t t;:hat to, croate a great 'eni)a- t
i , s i t ,', s " 5I re.lember that it was
Sni lhv t ol g olllentliei l who mtide thie
t ;ItI'Illlriut, a1 it thait about a sIntoe oIt'll i I
I hlhubted it, wt, have soniltthilln t1. ;1rn1'.: ,"
s ill)nt. A s einsiid'erable r x litliin t h i.
Iell rI aiitl'll abi lit this Ili, V ti'lilo , i . - I,
ell r ,,ionll.l l t ,justice to ihe tw o gent1,ih n1 lt. .1
t we pubhlish all that our private0 det,'4tivw'
t Iis I ,st I ables to tlearn a:n lit the i lt : attelr,
:anad he thatl the U11nlvY rm1lnors, in 4r"
gird t tits his excel9rsiin beili ill : y ' a iill-t
a i trl Iiverliscreditsd. tI
] t It is true that th' ,entlt nt,'I ,-ft
thiss phla ill a hluggy, onil the day aiv
.i1i1t ,, alil that h h l th lhI l il s 11hiil 1uii 's
\\ithl llell I, llut th '.y al(''ou t I' 11 t i' I i ill'e
licitcl'y hty l. rl\ovi i ih: t th l . t tar tstli. it '
ili eni.,1na hle ai ltilhle, i n the iii ht pirevi
Ytl In lh' 1 ,t:ys i ,'re ;Ih,,h el 11 1 n ll 11bt, hbt a
Icasillll tih'y l, l it itl a Ilr'u e black 1i lltt I,
hi',l'sh tIh,}y h:il sit leaving t nsi l. lit'
S.Iesl tsheui that 's:1ys il the issttle, and i at
thliiy hal ,II hiis ' i t:ii' inI tI-llitg lhinis I sih
thailt.
Now \\ :hat corild they 'ailnt with this
thisl h:lil at all, it' they ' weI' It Iout to igs ht
a 4sills1, l s as . ais rIllll -redi : again the hic
st'ty i oft I lh, t ' i in l eini il i niriltrcnil sin thl
M ill li1s1 1, l, after tsi iughl iiv ,estti:.atit,11.
is pvq)- if to be tifl'. It colil not haive
ietln a h w ieshlin g, ias l, tl wo ladies whllth i
l41 he.r till the  sl idle molr In il'ni, w nlllt 1 t
tie (i'iist1 iY, aIni hav'e nst siiel rinined,i
i b sl.4 b . is, tboollh st- 1h1i gesltlll e :lr' nll' ar 111 l'
rie'd 114n1. T'he blo. se11 on the stnllt
Intithinl;li, shirt i Icollar, is .er tuntdil tl' '
h his li stating that the h il 4itiilih not lii
h,.ell gist oul t r l hO ttlel , toll. the rilsoisn
that the -srk hadl lhen hroikeni, so it Wts I
nelests,.'ry:i to kIni'k sill' the neck of thi I
lhtIle; some sliharp edges isf glass werei
left, ''wherely. he eIt hist lip, certainily s
Iistaetl iy. It is trlue, the gentlml n aen are
verii ret is-elit albumt the mlisailet-, titil re
f1si toi :swerlx .s all qne.t isiti n; buti that I
tIlihy h\ave Ihisr reiassolsl for soi acting we
fel aissiured.is. e tI lhink the whole Ilat- -
lil- ter ill I. fully explainedl in le time,l
aild we' ask al geerll onelii public that be'orce
givihg s credence toi any rumors, they "
I:ulopt thllat prilci(illO which gives the bell ii
i lit if thie iullit, where tiny exists, to the
party l c' ull nsed, and remembeiir that al nare d
 pliposed to iit, innocent till they are plro I
V'iti I si be guilty. .
(i tol M'('sook &t ;i. for plaintl- it
ithn sUIlliets, i c. i
That Terrible Scourge,
Fever istl agile, iandl its ,onglienitir, illions c
remnittaint, hi ile~ affections of lthe stoi- I
ach, liver and ioweils, producedl by tiias- t
iiitis air andi water, are both eradlicateld
l prevente' d lby tile usle of Hsttelttr's
Stiomach itters, a pu rely vegetable elix
ir, indorsedl by llphysicilnts, anid tore ex
lteniveil uised[ aii as remiieldy for the ishlorilt
class of disordlers, as wsell as for miany ti
sthslics, than liany medicine f the age. A S
lanigid cirsiruation, a torpid state oif tlhe Ii
livern, a wanilt of vital stiaiinta, are 1ontdi- ft
thins peceliarly flvorable to malarial dis- e
sasess. They are, however. surely remie
hdied by the great Preventiive, whil'h, by a
itivigoasitug t he systie-il a rid isindow ilig it
with regularity its wi-ll as vigst, isrovihls
it with al resistant so'w-er which esl-iiies p
it to withstaud disorders nut only of a
wiiilil t'pP, but a host of oif others to N
which ieehle inlt ill rcguliiutesi systemsi
a.rs snhijs-ct. The Bitters are a safe as
- 'sll ais searcrhitig ersidicant, and bav'e
wisely snpertiiesls-s that siangerous dl'iug
siuiniine, which palliates hut d1e5C titit
erslis-.ite mialaria. March -2-5t. C
Fine lot wagons at reduced prices
at McCook & Bro.
Died.
At 10 o'clock A. MS., the 26th inst., at
his residence in Many, Sabine Parish, La.
i)r. J. FRANK MARCH.
His death wais as much a surprise as a
sOITow to his numerous friends.
He was taken at 6:30 A. M., with a fit
of apoplexy, in which he lingered until
his death without uttering a word.
Thus has the king of terror deprived
our parish ofoue of her best physicians.
society one of her best and most enter
prising members, his young and tender
wife, of a fond and devoted husband, and
has caused a vacancy in the hearts of his
friends, that can never be filled.
C.
Henderson Times please copy.
Senator Howe's speech is aimed at
Hayes' Southern policy over the
shoulders of Judge Whitaker. The
impression at Washington is that
this is the beggind of a preconcerted
movement to wave the bloody shirt,
anrd by woeking up the excitement at
the North and thus secure the next
house as a compensation for losing
the senate.--Shreveport Times.
Washington, March 25.-Senate-
Howe, of Wisconsin, called up the
resolution submitted by him last
week calling upon the president for
informaltin as to the charge against
Judge Whitaker of Louisiana, being
a defaulter to the United States, and
said: D)uring the past year we have
seen here and every where through.
out the country small but active
squads of political inquisitors busy
with the work of assorting tihe Re
puiblican party anrtl gathering into
hallowed garners all those who avow
themselves suplorters of the presi
dent's policy and pouring unquencha
ble fire upon all the rest. Poles have
been set up at all the cross roads;
flags inscribed with the president's
policy have been suspended from
them, the self-appointed inquisitors
have lurked in convenient jungles to
detect who did and who did not un
cover tinder the flag. He had with
held no honest effort to elect Mr.
Hayes, and it pained him to be found
not in accord with his views. lie
(Mr. Howe) believed that a Republi
can president should, as the Cincin
nati convention declared, select Re
publicans for all those places where
hard money and vigor of adminis
tration requires policy to be Ielreresent
ed. He then commented upon the
civil service policy of the president
and said he had selected for his cabi
net one man who was not a Republi
can but a Democrat. Still the indi
vidual was so far known to him (Mr.
Howe) and he believed so implicitly
in the moderation of his opinions, in
the justness of his sentiments and
the integrity of his character, that if
he could not have advised hli selec
tion he could and did not complain of
it. He then referred to the appoint
ment of Mr. Schurz to the secretary
of the interior, and said although not
a Democrat yet he was not a Repub- I
liCilin. liT' a. it iaiiually a-t ioin 1.. i' I.
all pailM its aid in all pia1es. B
turns lie hid been everylwhere and
etponlsel alld deserted every p.ar
ty. He spoke like an orator and
Ie facile speech could be fitted
to the vicissitudes of parties as
t,. ilily is doulble faced Satan can he
i.ri i to h idei thle accidents of socie
t%. lis c itiqiueI s ,' Ion his political
%ai , i ;i's alwi ys ;i ve hii i i i pnlt li
i1 1iti hi. ii iliial i o . iiiell.ti. In
1uns't011 itsll ,'vr.if fl :lel 0 1 01 Ill. t
ihalt I I i 'liies. i' is li lt lI . p.1I I1u it
VIas to i I vo(Iiit il' iflfii i , t'iit1t i
f 1d1.r 1hich l 'I was bori : h111;i t 1.li11'
an;Id hie ti j'1. lie eio',nteil.d seviu. .lt
on lihot life hul hislmty fl' cht, ur. l :,,It
i'in IilIt le thlew ii:i muc In ii 11 ectII l.
(ilra t thIanl :tii d ,ie ,ge, li dt arguedii
I ,l't t .to l'a .i' d tlI, it, Ili.i,. :i to f
ifils, nii s i %'ll' ti h il tilhe ll wild'll It
1t iaIiefaIrg l atl Se p S . I ,o'k I i 'dre rd eI
w eis )-',tlt" ofiiý ii II1 tain;1 1 it hil
tIll\ its 41:1 f t I l hat n tilitlinet
,ea 'd  oit e nYti ele' . 1 hi tllt ho
disalIirll d the' \a ill f Loluisiiana
asi sllh'iu veri ed h ntilr i ra t Pl ed upir n.
If .\1. I'akard was nt, elected g v.
i'lrnu ol It'of L iisia ul lothindg dan be
I101"' a r ini tli glhan thaio t .r. IIo vte
t',i'ii In is uaii I a riit.hht the e" tit. of
\ias not elected presidentl of relite lll
St datos. Withoit the electoral
vot it' ill f uiin al the whole worIItdtiiie
knl to hate il. aclles hasd nort the
otes ica the lerenrl colleg have iecess
ri to ea'lie ut ie an eletioln , land if
LInisia ; di d not vole fll-r IPackall
lthe whole s til' k oil. t s lll is du tidl
not Ivote i 'il l;ife. Packard recedived
uleatly :IN0) hrtes Iultle ll' sh o me Of
the la.t eh I electors. I'nder the con
stitution ihe president had but oeii
plain duty I Ilis'h;'rge --that was to
ascritli0 whether the i onstiihtted
tril,nnalsi of LouisianalI had declared
I'iektid to he g .ve n'kr, then to de
tfen'd his ailhdrity tof the extent of
his ability when legally reqluired so
to do. If they had not so declared,
Ihenl i was equilly Iis duty not wlte
lyr to have withheld te support of
Packa's pretense, buif t have given
all reqlired supporl t to the claims of
elackted's rival. It was his duty to
have done that, not merely on the
"Ith of April, uilt to have done it olo
the 4lth af tlarch, immediately upon
hiR asnmingt the office of president,
itnd it h, folin it his constitu tional
die y to reoile PaIckard to surrender
his liue, hie shiould also have recog
ntized the dulty f surrendering his
owt. I do not mean to intinmate the
doubt that President p Havnes was not
entit led to nste vote of Louisiana It
is tme lsettled lelief that Lonisiana
declared for him, but all I certainly
know is, thao t if Pckard was niot
electensd President hays was not. If
the hlnter is not a nforper Xicholls is.
Sean see no pnossible escape from the
conclusion, either that President
Hayes has usiurped his own otice, or
that, lie hais aided Glov. Nicholls to
intlra) his.
Re ferring to Senator Hoar, of Mass
achiusett, he said : le is one of those
ho,n as it is understood, now pursue
enth e concoiled Democratse of the
South with dishes of patllronage, be
lieving in their speedy capture as
fondly as the boys believe they will
catch the birds, whose flight they ea
gerly follow if they can only sprinkle
ic little salt on their taguils. of the of
Heis colnrg ed I t length o n llble toe
nrgell ilay I de ijUtence . the pnrt I mSke
if tlhe iresienl; I au noet d Louiscussinga,
is ipurposes, but is acts. I t amder
Itiad hlie avows hic self sbt till t ulie a
Repub ictian and the friend of equal
ciizensip. It is not offor line ato disnl
pice.t hie, t it is fect ne toat samey that
fle has offended both Repite blicanish promp
teand equal citizenship as Samuel J.to offr
Tihlen never would havepiile of profended
Gtheon. Perhaps had Mr. Tilden beenars
tranired imde South Carolina cland Lier
isinnal asit they have transpired. Mar.
Hamptdrson wonls coave been g vernor
coin the fiarler slate and MGov. Nicholls
in tahe lattlr, and after all tlnis prolo
atged eort la acifi tiae inesthatis on co.
ring of concession and good willore to dhe
wion i. Day aflterig day te retrnhe presidenton
sends the o Jdove o t over te angry, he
floods, and night after night thrce of Abird
Ireturns weary and leafless. In theseitt
resurery daysf thae United States arnment Newih
rules in Louis; thiana, wuichI was born oflt
to presidentrial grace and nothe s of popularre
choicea hals sigr aillizod itas wlingratitude
thby at act not bezzles inenlting to the
tllas dared to accuse try and convicolt als
tookmember f thce tsate ackard ogtf returns
Relaveber, sir, I do not Whcomplain be
ted to used Anderson wasto tried for a peolite
tiaryse harged, I have ngt to syllable tolf.
urgeIn colhis deienc. The poiment ed make
veelagains on the gocivil service policy ofsiana
the public jusicn, butaid: It was conmlice;
dictated to the psresident bold a mann guiless o
provernecalled to e gtile presi. Andencr son i
pice. llae wla prosectted by thanot disame
posillanimous that he can not dis-l
i gillllullglle betlrel'll l : i ll'l i:'111 llellil"
tiol, the lsonner he (eaves lthe While
House and lets himnself for a coacliman
the so4ner he will leti himself to that
calling for which his temper bests fits
him.
How "the Decision" Is Regarded
Abroad.
'T'hie 1a.Jhi gtii, P,,st ha.s this to
;1%? 1 ltIe disl 'il-iu .f I11(i l OI ll C5 ia
.1) I ' j l)3 ' ,1 41.)l 1l it 1 1 ' .fl1t1- 'I'll44o l ' I lc4el
TI, ll .I 4 i..io f.t I' lipe f . ie lp i, ll lse
ilh ' i'epi c h;v l'hia l ieiI4 thl tl el liilt"
l4.. t I , ,,fi lha i l .l lil- an4l 's. ,lh iuiitt3t
e. u s4 14o' I Me g en1'tel.l aid l ihe ,in-te
4it l4r. d int ti;I fo of th e t l, t
t' ilt ' nd 4ie't it- lI 1 4,, . The musl 
IhltI . lltt t il i tlte (t u Ill f eXol t'l,
hy \lhds t eat ,Mr.ndelS and l end.e
4a44s tllt ,nihttibl .' ra t.ew tliut, ei;l4 i
Ihte h ruii ll , ; 1,,f4ect ilelt t tire
4.III5 'l tr tIlie dl.el'vt r.111' denel e i
id cl ilfitr I nl l le ti rs ( 1 ll o tl. bl,
;ll' 11tdi l1 41 li4!.11l' to h144 1.'lr hi'c st titu'i, ,
lthe 4ll1hli i 4 t l ui ll raised h.t lt e
') intel l, r lr datle byf and hel iajur
lilyt" urge tl agr inlist 114ll l' mls of lhe
iriaiil o a nii acl the ie hist in tat- o
infot inlietl, putrs l e A. to twhe tnur
1tall it thie tprcle of Louit i . have noi
are holds thIg t hI1. Atdse who mry have
n;ls4 )ti in tlahle l4nehr the Slae llt
the t e to rime, whannul revere it may be
ill exlrtls, iil t the polly. Of resetle
bwe caiolt speak positively a poeti thesejury
ollin S uitil wu er ie text ig tat-he
upirnid, p ot tie n prei e o he t. Butn
in;, hoard trials. he coulleilary is
hatour ine praple of Louisiana phave nois
lremedy agaely inst those io maywe have
Ths, wte reark that tor reverse octrineir
held by the supeme polls. Of court eei to
be extra jndicial to thie last degree,
we ncaot abolutelak postivolary. UT hee
otion hat forgeil rye see te be i the
opillRn to have sbeen e oiged by An
outl' informlnttion by telegraph points
lusily and hin acce dlices wei noth
Thus, we remarken withatin the cpurvrinew
of the hltw, is doctrilne that will be
likely tel aro1(8 cuiriosity in tliCoh
hmay, the supiemw e co urt of Louisin
if not absolutely r'evohluionary. The
its own hands forgery ceases to heontry at
indlarge na onsistently take the viewo
upthat at last the ruling termediate infamies
prof that state have been fogtaken out ofAn
derswithion ander his a lccmpal limits. This oft
itself is a relief, an nither the cpurview
try nor the National Demo thcracy will be
litakey arouse interest in the wrong
state state whtose people senaem to haives,
either o thlaw eceptible thisof being
constried for the protec of Louisiana
franchises ands faemen or t country at
bravrge mayenough to consistently takrue them prop-view
oferly in the have been takent threats
the national arena and bottled (ilp
frithia owerless federlocal adlimits. This oftra
itself. It may relief, a neither te cunplete
inform ation will tenld to mocrdifacy wilthese
take any conlsions; bt in at present
there stateem to be alternative to
eithler no iw susceptible of being
construed forut the Reular Session of their
trave enough to Legionslatue them prop
erome oin the Causes of iptch Lednt t ats
Thefrom a powerlas consifederable talk amongistra
c erning the cluss which brought about
thrat state of aairs which made an extra
session necessary. Of course there were
different causes assigned, but it is safe
to say that the prevailing opinion seem
ed to be that the House had delayed ac
tion upon the most important measures
until the last d ys of the session, and
when these measures were finally passed
and sent to the Senate it was too late
for thile Senate to give themi proper con
tidleration.
During the whole session the Senate
has almost daily cleared its calendar, and
that too, without lengthy or evening
sessions. The revenOe, appropriation,
Moffett reointer aind opportioument billse,
which ou ht to have been among the
very tirt bills acted on by the House,
were not acted upon until the session
had almost expired. The time of the
House was taken up with talk upon mat
tert of only mior importance, with the
exception, perhaps, of the constitutiona'
ameuiments and the mileage and per
diem bill.
The real truth is that thre dominant
party was without organization and too
miany of the members wanted to talk
rather thait settle down to work. Apl
pareutly lmore than half o the Demo
cratic welbers thought tha they ought
to leud tleir party, and when they found
that they couldpn't, they were unwilling
to fall into the ranks and follow the
lead of somebody else. It has been said,
Tn1 perhaps truthfully, that there was
not a single agreemlent made in caucus
and there were very few anucasesn-that
was strictly kept on the dfloor of tlhe
House.
The dominant party dio l not work
harmoniously and unitedly together.
There was a lacsk of sympathy between
the members growing out of the fact,
perhaps, that a portiont of them were
anxious for a cotistittitonal convention,
and regarded it as a party necessity,
while another, and by far the lalrger
portion, wished to remedy the eviles in
the presentr constitution by amendments
not save the excitement and expense of
a conventiron. The consequence was that
there was no disposition to take hold of
the work of legislation systematically
and earnestly.
They drifted along in an aimless, utn
certain way that it icated from the be
ginhnig almost gwhat the final result
They now see, and do not hesitate to
acknowledge it, that tlley ought to have
pae a thorough organization, with chos
een leaders, upon all important questions,
and that, before acting upon the floor
of the House, a thorough understanding
rhlould have been arrived at in caucus.
It clannot be said that the Republicans
retarded legislation. It is true they were
well organized and well led, but they
did not, as a party, attempt to hinder or
retard any bill except that providing
for the reappointment of the State. This
was a party meansre, and of course it
was expected thay would oppose it.
Only one day, however, was consumed
upon it.
Upon all other matters of legislation
they rather sought to hasten than im
pede action, and from the first were
opposed to an extra session, not so much
perhaps from economical motives as for
the reason thlat they believed that the
longer the legislature remained in ses
sigit I lihe gle'Ier aw e 4 ll.' ti. eg"r thaitt
tle-re Ilight Ie l..illtio' hi.u'nful tio
their partyv
Bilt while the HiIlour is ii a gre.t
nmealiure reseipoziible for the' extra sess'ion,
it is lIeriiihaps but just to say that it
cullld have thuti avoided lIhadL he Senlatae
clhosell tl, act proiiptly olii Ie g *neral
I tjllritcit ii liit i lill.
If this hill had le'ein pas.; ii the giiverin
or wollhI luler lha'e, iesucted hlis Iroclilllna
tion. Sincee it i, rel.i'teed that he was
very stloiiglly ot,11esre dl l to calling the
i'Xtl'a iest ioiii ll;ii l n ii l\' di l it ic'ct lln .
thlt' whetlie l"s i gof e n Ii llunl t i w1ul hiiave'
hclei' hleltckel withouil t the' liss:lgc, o cit a tlei
ailp rolllp iiitioni bill. The iate hilil slif
liciit t liPm e to cii.iuldtr this fil( it' it hadl
biieeIn so iii .ci , I' I' I lll] ll. t .= : uIr
reet however, there' were to 11. ll. ii N
at ioiltk fit ,ilt \e l tits Ii .; -i c,*.c is to
ftil' c all extra NMeMslje . l1he.1:se i' ttie cIlls
wel'te thosei who ar'e i 'avIriig a 'n listit -
lilial co t'llvc ioll and tlhotse who dllt·tl
ti ileiiec lCerieitiee t hill a pIrtvy necelilT ity.
I lel i t i ll en all i tt c l N Ie ule I 'erl ll V t t e it
helle fitell f (I1ctl' i t Ili c ' tii;c l llt.. \Viit
acll Xttlt Mee0."lil l ie11,e. l' e il Il ill hat i t
ilighI lt i te 114 . u ul11 it aeitils thLit lhe
tleotiniitit. (i y in t he Sllie ti1e keplt \eryv
qttiet tlheir illtetlitit n liill it \ ie loit
kiitowti to all of the lie ii.critsci eef the
Iloite aedl, liicrhapls, int to the ig veril r,
what the Se atite iltitlileetl to do untiil it
rl.tisced toi tak ile u l thi alllrolritliin he ill
This was as litre s nine tiol' 'chlek ini the
etliig c cl' lic Icast nigit of tihe Scession.
There is til idoubt lit that Pi majority of
the D)ermieeatic r .In lers of the Iliose
werle Olipposed to aiil extra stelsPio.li
Whilce every Imember regalrds the regi.
lar session an e almost Ia harreil one, yet
the imeiers fel that they have dlone in
cttliunittt'es and ini other wiayis a latrge
aiontillu of wolrk. It it a fact that they
haie been very regllni in their .ti tend
ace ill the fs Ist s, liandl have looked
after their committee duties coiscien
tiously. The
EXTRA SEssrIN
will be devoted first to those measures
ientionied by the governor They will
on all occasioens to given preference.
The session, if ceintinued the entire tit
teen days, will cost ablout $25.i,Ot. It is
hoped, however, that the session will he
concludiled i less titne, but the chances
are against it,
A Romance in Real Life.
About the year 18316 there lived in
the village of ElIon, neair Aberdeen
Scotland, a young shoemtl aker doing a
prosperous business. lHe married and
during the first four years a son and
daughter were horn.
About the end of those fouir years,
for some cause unknown, the husband
and wife mutually agreed to separate
the father to take the son and tlhe
mother the daughter.
The next year the daughter died.
In the nmeantime the father anid little
son sailed for America anul settled in
Canada, the father working at vari
ous occupations, as circumstances ad
mitted.
About the year 1850 lie received
word from Scotland that his wife had
died. From this time all correspon.
dence with friends in Scotland, which
had been previously kept up, ceased.
The son having grown to manhood
with the impression that his mother
had died when lie was about one-year
and-a-half years old, entered the pro
fession of school teacher in the neigh
borhood of Toronto, where about the
year 1860, lie married.
The father, believing that his form
er partner in life had been dead about
eleven years, and since the son had
married, lie felt lonesome and took
unto himself a second wife.
The son, after teaching about ten
years left the profession on acconnet
of ill-health, for more active duties,
and finally located himself in Essex.
IThe father and step mother still lived
in Toronto.
In the summer of 1877 the faither
came to make his son a visit in Essex,
andid died suddenly of inflammation at
his son's residence.
After the fiather's death the son,
anxious to find out about the existence
of a brother of his father's, whom lie
had reason to believe was still alive
in Europe, instituted an extensive
and thorough correspondence with
various parties in ,cotland, and,
strange to say, he found that hris OWn
mother was still alive, and leading a
retired life in Scotland.
The son is now making all the nee.
essary arrangements for bringing liii
aged mother to Essex.--[ Windsor
Record.
Proceedings of the City Council of
Natehitoches.
The City Collector submitted his Re
port for the month of February, 1878,
and also a supplemental report, which
were examined and approved by the Fi
nance Committee, as follows, viz :
Dr. (U. 8. C.)
To ain't of taxes and licenses col
lected $471 83*
Cr.
By ain't currency this day turn
ed over to the Board 424 651
10 per cent com'sn on $471,83) 47 18
Total 471 83j
Dr. (City Warrants.)
To ain't of taxes collected in
City Warrants 459 01
Cr.
By ain't warrants this day turn
ed over to the Board 413 25
10 per cent com'sn on $459,01 45 90
Total 459 15
Balance due Collector 15
Finance Committee examined and ap
proved the following claims, viz:
Jas T. King $2, allowed, 2 00
Jas W. Little $2, allowed 2 00
J. H. Cosgrove $26, allowed 26 00 -30 00
SUPPLEMENTAL REPORT.
Dr. (Warrants.)
To ain't Licenses collected $225 00
Cr.
By ain't Warrants turned over 202 65
10 per cent coml'sn on $225,00 22 50
Total 225 15
Bal. due collector 15
On motion the Council adjourned until
its next regular meeting.
(Signed) C. F. DRANGUET,
Mayor.
A true copy.
JNO. LAPLACE,
Secretary.
FOR SALE,
A FINE blooded STALLION
can be bought cheap The
owner is a resident of Vernon I
parish, and the Horse is too fine for that
section, hence his reason for selling.
Horse-sixteen hands high; eight
years old, dark bay, solid color.
Apply to C. BRAY, Esq.,
Blackland Cottage P. O., Vernon Ph. La.,
Or to Vindicator Office.
Jan. 19-6t or tf.
STRAYED OR STOLEN.
A JET BLACK mare; bushy mane,
hind feet white, branded g, has
strayed or was stolen from the under
signed on or about the 10th or 15th of
September last and I will pay $5 for he?
recovery or for information that will
lead thereto.
March 2-lm.
PAUL LEWIS.
*50 That Sanlordl's Illtlieal
$' Cunre 1il" (';tarli 1,i ,1
instautly relie\, aul -p ,I,
ily c ar,.. 1It,.ef', on.
Henry \\'ells. E.".9., \V'.l
Fargo &. t o.., .Alir :l. \.
For a CaseY.; Win' 11 ,l. n, I1:..
MeH attun, i:iiii \- lI., -
(II, St. L ui Ti I I I ' n'lli
aIls and t ';iti,' Iis v illll.
of Catarrh Price, ' ith i n intI\, .l i 1
haler, $1. W, i .is
where. 'WEEKI & PI'TTlI.'l. I':li.
tors. BtintoII, Itass. - vol.iý i '. - II.
4 Goulds Manufacturing Co.
Malutf: tir. ',  1 i ll
k]il I, ,,
Force Rdi Lift
PUMPS
' Por "" ,,,,,. ' . , ,,
FIRE E2"1.1I :.
Hydrnulic Ranu:-.
A; tlAI:.l i I1.1.)1 -
For I 'iur, ! - I,
ii, I'. ,ita! -,
Corn-Shell r:, S;'1', c'
ilul o utlSllU 1 '
INQUP1 PFOR COULDS PUMPS
ICTOKY.SI'. \I I I .-l N 1
WAREHOUSE, lb IPAih. I, il. Nt i Y, ,i.. t I
PIANOS '"'
Price .i 97 o only $10"i. l :1 ll r I l , . 11. ,
IE1ATTY, Wa\shilgltli, . ,.1
REVOLVER FREE, S,'"1 ' "" ,111 " 1 "º;."ý~
triges. Address, J. lBr-ii s ,ini. .,
&. 13 W oodl St., Pit tl il i .i~ I ':.
eases, giviiig syiliitllll, ;111. 1 il t' .l il,.l
Sent free to thIllse illcte . .\hlr.I I
S. Webster, 50 N. 5th St . 1.LI ,L,
Pa.
TEMPERANCE REFORM
AND ITS GREAT 1:1: il:l'.
By Rev. W. II. )tiniiels. \, M.
Profusely Illusrltrated \ itl 1, i11 ;;l: ;d
Sketches and co t nlllin i I.1 r Wo. wi I';ii . .
Iif wholebTe'1 ieiJ rain,.,. itrhr\ iu il
single Value. Ageints \\':Il-,'l IT\ i'-'.
where.
Address for extra' Terins:ali ('irllhir,
NELSON &. 1HIlll.I'.
8U5Brouallval. Ne\\ \,, 1l,.
Vegetine.
THE BEST SPRIN(. M1E1 t'I. IE.
H. R. Stevens:
Dear Sir,-Thiss is 1to certi" tlIhat I
have used your Blood P'rtel,::l.ltin in my
family for several years. :I t1titik tllh:.
for Scrofula or Cankerous i rllitirs or
Rheumatic affections it catlt,1 li,' ex
celled.
Yours Respeetfully,
Mrs. A. A. DI)INS110E.
Veg'etine is Sold by all l)niiggists.
GREENBACKS
FOR BONllD10lJ),liS
GREENBA CKS
FOR GOL) (CAMtBLSl:ý
GREENBACKS
FOR NATIONAL IIANK.\ EI;
GREEKBACKh
FOR TIlE I'EI01'iL.
GREENBACKS
FOR ALL P]'Rl1osKIES
For which money is used intelch·lang:i -
ble at par with GotlI anld Silver, iln i s!' t
fueient quantity as to prlroiioot ihtlistry,
invite immigration, and develop t ih, rI
sources of the coluntry, is what the
CIHCIIINNATI ENQUIRER
Claims is the only remedy folr 1the ills
brougut upon the country b1 Lugisltithlo
and Laws, enacted for thl hIilellit f ai
Monied Class, antld thle ollprlessiIlli oIf L:i
bor and Industry.
GIovernment Credlt ustitins oultlr Ihliids
for the benefit of the wetallhy, lit I4he
saMDe Ciedit
SUSTAIN GREENBA (,'h
For the benefit of the Peopll, who s'lsltiii
the Oovernmenlt.
DAILY ENQUIRER, perer year : t1 t1
WEEKLY ENQUIRER " 1: 1
Free of poetage.
Agents wanted.
Send for sjlecioun coli(:4 .
FARAN& McLEAN, Publishllers,
Feb 23-3mo Cincinnati, I)hio.
A. G. BALL. 31. lt I
-WIIOLEBAILE -
IIQUOR MERICHAITS,
Fine and Commnon brandl oft
WIIISKI ES,
iBRANDI)iEs, , .
and dealers in
IMPORTED AND 00DMESTIC CIGARS
SALESROOMS :
No. 17 LEVEE STREET,
SH REVE'POt T, IA.
WAREROOM :
No. 10 WASHINGTON STREET,
LOUISV ILLE, K Y.
March 16-ly.
Improve Your Stc k!
THE fine thoronghbredll, Short Il,,ri
Durham Bull,
ANDOV. If,
will stand a limited sniis:,aI at (Iakl ia 1II
Plantation, (Buriniudi P. (),, Natlchiio.,
ches Parish) at
TEN DOLLARS THE SEAN)N.
Pasturagefree. Prmlent are, will 1,'
taken of stock, but 1 will niot hi. re'pon
sible for accidents.
Pedigree of Andovwr:
Got by Edgar (6712) 1st d:LuI Red 1,l.
2d., by Bernet, (7631) 2d I)an Retd Joue',
by Mountaiieer, (6t71) :Irld uli Ma1:y
Rose, by Duke of Ardrie, (1270l) 4th Id:,
Moss Rose, by Stanlhope's ,t',ss:k, (:177 7
!tth dam Mary Anlle, lsit yv (Ilret. (1 34)
6th dam Mary Annie, hy Middleshlro.
(1234), 7th dam Prulence,, i. Etlharul.
(1002, 8th dam by President, (517). ti1
dam by George, t(274).
J. ALP. PRUDHOMIME.
Feb. 23.,-3m.