Ihe Epl trapit's i'ind or.
- -- .---------.,-'.-.-- . .. . A. -. liv. IDe."ocrat ic lpaljr. T'e t.'n I I
Advertising Hates.- o l o.
....... 4, hL rin f t 'r ,e.
settsuse, 9 J. H. (SSCROVE
equares... 7 o !0 10 u 15 (o 2 . J
saquareu... 1000Eitor Proprietr.
squarer... t noo o 0 s ol _s Published Every SA'TURDlAY Mor0lir g
sa.. 3U S --- - - ubscription Rates.
2,,0.  ,, THE WELFARE OF rIE PEOPLE IS THE SUPREME LAW.
square ~ 00 J, Ill 00 i- One copy qx monthas................ 31 5
M0 --- -. - -, I q a Oficial Organ of the White Citizensof Red River, Sabine, Winn and NatchitoW.hes Parishes. ed SRi.eeiptill lkn
-sqr e r... 8;u N) uý ml -- -- _ -- -- .. . -- .
Pease. _ All ad615ti elet or l, )4 -( S
q `ýOElIe.. er " [e L NATCHITMf'HES, LA., 1OiT9rtR 7l, 1878. pe NOj ne L
4"qeut insertill '50 ,uts pet rr!!squ are"" ? W,~
Professional Car
o.. Jr 7 , U. C UAW1 V10!,
ATTORlSNE .J T LA
St. Denis Street, NatchitoLa
ILL practice in whe (nurts I , th.
Saban., DeSoto anvd R Id RI '
Snpreme Court ofthi State.
rVm. 3E. L
(Successor to JAcK &
Attorney and Cou '"'
NATC('ITO(1 ,
J IT LLpract .;. in *.. c. : . . . Nat ,t i"'
SI abie, Deu..to. l,,t I , , i li ,'..
and Grant, ad in the S.ptuabe Court of th.
State. Claims promptly attended to.
Aprll 2d 1877.
WM. M. LEVY. r IFI.. CANiI( I I. sCAfIo(Iuc(1I.
LEVY & SCARBOROITGIH.
ATTtVNE 's JT LA. I.
HAVING associated themselves will practice
in the Parish and District, the 17th Judi
cial District, and in the parishes of Winn and
Grant, Supreme Court of Louisiana, U. S. !)is
triet and Circuit courts of Louisiana and I. S.
Court of Claims at Washington.
Office in the Laeoste Building
(Up Stairs.)
NATC HITOCIIES, LA.
Aug.·3, 1I87-ly.
J H. CUNNINGHAM.
Sttornrej & ,e(nrllor at atr,
St. Denis Street,
Natchitoches, : : : : La.
ILL give prompt and personal at
T tention to all bsuiness entrusted to
his care
Practices in the Dlntrict and Parish
Courts in the Parishles f Naitchlit,,'ches,
Red River, D,Soto and Sabite, andl Ieforc
the Supreme Court at Monroue ;and Ne'w
Orleans. Jan 5 '7--] "
JO H.' B. ROBEII TNO.O',
(Late of New Orleans,)
ATTORNEY & COCUSELOR AT LAW
CO1 SHtA'FTA,
RED RIVER PARISH, LO'UII.A.:I.
Will practice in Coudshntta, Natchito
ches, Mansftield, Many, and in every 'part
of North-west Louisiana. Special atten
tion given to Land cases antl Successions.
Jane 9th, It77-tf.
C. CHAPLI. C. F. DRANt;UrT. T. P. CI.\'LIN
0HAPLIN, DRANGUET & CHAPLIN,
Attorneys at Law,
NATCIIITOCHES, LA.
PRACTICE in the District Courts of
P Natehitoohes, Sabine, DeSoto and
Red River and in the Supreme Court of
the State. March Z-ly.
P
Im
J I. B. TUCKER, a
Attorney and Counsellor at Larw,
OFFICE
St. Deals Street, - - Natchitoches, La.
WUL practice in the District anti Par i
iah Courts of Natchitoches, Sabine
and Red River, and the Supreme
of the State.
iness entrusted to his care will -
prompt attention. Apr 13-ly
y SAFFORD,
Attorney at Law,
TCHITOCHES, LA.
S adjourning that of Mr. Jack.
A.. Dun ,m°
an and Surgeon -
.l~(lo elr y, IRa.
- istrate.
JOxN M.
a. gis t e Ward 1.
t. Deais eJsreet, :~1: atchitoches, L,.
'e ttetiongiven to all business
SClaie s t cale.
ms collected at small cost,
.... 'hpiferatly.
;Jan 5 17-ly
lb~
T. C. Triohol,
-DEALER IN
pRY GOODS, GROCERIES, HARD
WARE, BOOTS and SHOES, HATS,
ETC.
Highest cash price paid for Cotton and
Country Prodnce.
WASHINGTON, ST.,
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
C. A. BULLARD. N. H. CAMPBELL
Bullard & Campbell,
-DRALKRS IN
' DBY GOODS,
GROCERIES,
HARDWARE,
And General Merchandise.
Cormer BFONT & LAVAYrTrl Street,
NotchitocRsa, La.
---- STg essh price aid for cotton and
S.ury produein aca or merchandise.
WANI.8LI R. X, WALtlET.
L. WALMSLEY & CO,
, FPACTORS.
-ADe
,RP&L0 COIISt1x IIRVDANTS.
g, New ArieUa, Ia.
Miscellaneous.
4 Ii
till ti' 4
.HILLS, FEV S, DYSPtriSIA A
Female Dis l rs. Prerarod by
'he Home Bi_ 6Co.,St. Loui,
'rescrib.-I By Best r hysicians,
nd Sold bv Dealors 'Evorvwheroe !'
LAURIE & McCLATCHEY'S N
rElh; OMtEOPATHI
and DOMESTIC MEDICINE.
I)i EIghth Editlion 1044 pp.
. o. half Morocco' ;prie. BOEItC 'tE & TAri,
New york, Phila nl New Orleans.
Sis the most complete ad ctnnpreheclire workon
lhjeet in the Engilslh hItage. Send stamp for de
ive price current of this ad other books. A!dress
I134KE A T'.FEtI., lomoxopNhic Pharmracy. M Canal
t New Orleans.
50 $100,$200,$500, $1000 1
Br, NS,. 12 W\:ll Stri tt.' `w York, nlnko
dtule invE -tmIntt"i in stocks. tvhicht frequt nt
ly' from i\ totw tin twvlftnirs thlle niniirt ill
V4. , tks lai+igiht and( tar; i as ltong as dtie
ll, tl drlesit". lthr,.e pee, ,t. ELxplauatory .9
chars and weekIy rpouritteA;t free.
i uRoBUTTS
to No.i tN. Eighth St. T
St. Louis, Mo.
Wibe had greater experience ti the treatment of the
sezintatlea ofboth rma'e nlld fee , t rhau -. ' phh sician
In tlest, gives the results of h ai loni Bnd euccesufl
practn his two new work, just published, entitled
'Th#HYSIOLOGY OF MARRIACE
TItRIVATE MEDICALADV;SER
Boolst are really Onldd aeid Self-Iftreetor tn all mat
ters, paining to MSanhoud at omaahllod. and supply
wantlI filt. They are b.-utlu ailly Ilitlr:ated, and in p;ain
lalgit catily uinderstood. The teo books ens brace545
PegeI contain anluable Infrm atltaor bu marriedand
eingllethall the recen t mprnvemrents itnwediesl treatment
Beeatour honmepaper arv : "T'fe knwledge iparted
in Doi lte new works is in no way of qeltionable char
acter l is something that every one mld alow. The
fetrlst victim of early Indiscreton; the Ien,otherwle I
1erfitrlealtiy maybe,ut withwai or inthe rime
of lhbfd the Woman, in miaer
from lmsanMy tile her on i he
.POPIR PRICES--I eta. each
both in a volume, 1l; in cloth an
UIlt,25ieetra. Senturder ealli
- receiptaro in money or staml .
it The Remedy of the 1Ith fetalry.
S Barham's Infallible
PiLE CURE.
Merufactured by the
Brham Oe cra Co ,re Duham, N.C.
It sever fall to ee Yemoerrholds t
or Pile . whln a cure I. pwIJbk
Pria leeLt and beas fdie telUti l
tfralshed am appiieatoa
Madison Dispensary,
201 4. Clark St., Chicago, Ill.
It. IIiELOW, having 40 years exaltnrience.
urats SEXI'AI. ANi) CIlltto I IIE.atc r.A aIn
t ; 1ner r rrr. ; '!tip'-"r wm t.iF ,'or
etceE.+ , prprlucolg lIII'OIEL ti. I't11I.ES
11l TI tE I F. ar.. rentering tl thlti tKlR
.lPf 9PE. ip ti po;itivviy and perena.
venlyu re W iltwnrrarutevery cane. P'.oh.
, paet ,'eats. His t t1ril MYiE tI'IIE OR RF\I AI,
PATTIifO A :lll 230 are pagesl. IIII'T1t :IT I tt, cntaininu
luch that as n-velr I, fore 1.,,4li'jh !, Pric fi ll'0 eti. l1.i rs
CO+'FII. SID . Fa,r Prr.+. A:. rt Srn l intuI,$10.
8ead 50 ctabr sample itubcr Uoods, &c. by Express
PRSCRIPTION FREE!
For the attly Cure of Setui nal Weakners, Lost
Manhootxnd all disorders brought on by indis
cretion oecxeesr. Any Druggist has the Ingre
dienta. Istdrea, lit. W. JAQUEi d& CO.,
180 Wed lixtih Street, Cilainansti, 0.
ea hPe$*9to 7. Revno wewsinu
S12.0. Ovec , latest Novelteioies
SAsh wanterd. 5.duppiyj(.N .shelall e.Teoau
1 M
A Mystery Solved.
e '
Tlhe (raltest Medical Triou, ph of
Modern Times ! The liysterious
Chanel of Disease Discovered,
al a erte in C.re Provi
lcud. The Shomnach,
Lirer, a.,I lI:orcels
the' ('e1, u ofI'
PI PIISO'S PlliIlA'I\IE PILLS,
The Great Anti-Billion Remedly and
Miaimnatic Dissolver.
PARSON'S
PURGATIVE PILLS
Are the result of lonig-continill ed Sc iln
tific investigation, :tld are VWarrantled to
care all dtliseases origin:ltiltg in the
Stomach, Liver, and Bowels No grip
ing pains follow the use of these Pille,
1 unless tht, Bowels are inftlamed; but Re
lief, Immediate Relief, may be relied
upon. As a Common Family Physic
PARSON'S
PUIROA TIVE PILLS
Stanld unequaled before the world to-day.
By vArying the dose according to direc
tions, Parsons' Purgative Pills etffectually
Purify the Blood andti greatly alleviate,
if not entirely .etre 1)ysyppsia, Scrotn'la
or King's Evil, R(ose. Erysipeltls or St.
Anthony's F:ire, Ei'nplions. ;I1on Euptive I
Diseases of tlhe Skin, Salt Rhucerni. Tet
ter, Ringworwu Sores, Boils, Tuntors,
Morbid S wellings, Ulcerations, Pimples
and Blotches.
i EVERY BOX WARRANTED,
Most Complete Satisfaction Guaranteed
- or No Pay,
S Full directions around each box.
Pbhysicians suplied by mail, post-paid,
) for $2.50 per tousand, in bulk, cash in
advance. We will senld these Pills to
Sany reliable druggist or merchant to eell
on commission. Agents wanted every
"where.
8. JOHNSON &t CO.,
BANORl, iIfN1 iqrlriter.
June 03-ly'
An Idyl - After Tennyson. !
"L'p in the mnorning when the skie4s are
I smrll soap on the stairway ;
'lhere's big tub of sils by the side of I
the bed,
And it sounds downi stairs like a faiir
'Theres smnehodly scrubhing in the up.
stairs hall,
And I se,-, a tip ihrough the wilder. C
It 4m,.11i and so.unds like it did last fall; 1
There's nobody here that can hinder."
W'hal:t to himi was love or hope?
What to himi was joy or caret
I11 steplped on a plug (of Irish soIap
r'ltia left 'il t}'" topmost st.;
And hi- feet flew out like wild, tierce
things,
And he struck each stair with a sound s'
like a drumn;
And the girl below with the scrubbing- o1
things.
lalughled like a tiend to see hini comie.
I1,r what is life when the heart is dead,
And a man is thumpiing adow1 the stair,
Now onil his ack id now onil his headi, 1
'To land ot the legs of an n)uptuilrned
chair?
To clutch with a tierce, uuhelpiug grasp
At the slillpping banisters flying by t p
T'o drop, at the end, with a struggling p
,splash,
In a liashtbil full of suds and lye?
lI ter, a tlhouiisand timies or imore,
Thait a: manl should sleep1 his whole k
life throulih,
Aidi staliitlhe the day with a mighty snore, Ii
Al41 s4orii the sparkle with nlorning II
W ihy .shouhil he rise fromii his deep-lreath- g
et sleep.
With his out stretched hands to feel b
ind grope;
To tHlunder and flop and crawl and creep
Trough the treacherous swirls of the a
sli1ny so:p :'--nllrlington Hawkeye.
BA It-ROOM PROFITS. I'
-- C
An Indignant "Old Toper" Makes an
Interesting Expose.
I New York Grapllhic.]
I aii in doubt als to yo(lr willingness
Sto publish this lette--the complaint
which I make in it may have no in
treslt .to viyn; for all Ithat I knolw you
Inay he an enthusiastic teetotaller,
anld iUclinted ratiher to go inll tl tie
pIiving every one iof what you 1do not
Cale, frill to Ipermit an old toper like
IliVstelf tio say a word inl favor of
chealp driniking, aiind in exposure of
the extorti0ns practiced upon the
drinking public by the saloon keep
ers. lHowever, I shall free my wmind
upon the subject, which is really one
of very extensive public importance,
inld if you choose to throw moy letter
into your waste-paper basket the
tfhit n ill hae vurs and not mine.
I speak, sir, in the name of a long
sunifeling and surely wronged class of
our citizens-the regular and steady
dii, kers in this metropolis.
Bread, sir, is cheap-cheap as it
Wlas before the. war ; rents have come
downii ; clothing is low ; wages are
very low, all the necessaries and luxa
ties of life-save the one I am about
to mnention-are to be obtained at
reasonable prices. But here are the
saloon-keepers on Broadway and on
the streets near the Post Office, charg
I ing us war prices for our drinks. This
is a cruel imposition, and I cry out
againlist it.
I invite yout attention to some
stistatics \ hich I have taken care to
4,,4tain frlon the hIiighliest asources, and
for ihe l uaccracy of lalicih I can
voiich :
Good rye or Bourbon whisky can
be bought for $3 agallon. Much of
ihat which is sold over the bars in
the ordinary saloons costs no mn1le
than this; some of it costs less. The
very best does not cost over $4, and
little of that is given. Any expe
iieaiced barkeeper will tell you that
41 gallon of whiskey, retailed over tihe
iar', produlces tfrom sixty to eighty
dliiiks-iuore often the latter figure
thanll thie former. Now look at it:
1 gallon whiskey ................ $3 00
80 drinks at 10 cents............ 8 0U
Profit.....................5...5 00
Or,
1 gallon whiskey ................$4 00
80 drinksat 15 cents............ 8 00
Profit ........................$8 00
Even if we place the cost of the
whisky at the highest price and the
number of drinks at thle lowest, the
in.et, in still excessive:
1 gallon . uiskej ......._...... .$ h O
80 drinks at 10 cent . ..... " 00
Profit .................4......
or exactly 100 per cent.! Is this not
outrageous ? What would be thought
of a butcher who charged 4ie. a
pound for meat afhich cost himn 20c.,
or a baker who demanded 20c. for a
loif that cost him JOc. or less than
. lOc.? It may be replied, that meat
, and bread are necessaries of life and
that whisky is a luxury or worse,
d and that the more one is made to pay
for it the better it is. Ideny all tlhese
proi'ositions, but I will not argue
them here lest I should weary you.
SWhat I assert is that the saloons are
i 1ot in the interest of the Society for
the Prevention of Vice; that the ex
Stravagantly high plire charged for
even whisky straight does not lesson
t. its consumption; that it is-to men
t like myselt and, as I believe, to a
- vasct majority of tile populace-a
, prime necessity, and that tilhe extor
tiou of the saloon-keepers cannot be
justified on moral or political econo
mical grounds.
But, sir, there is still a lower depth
'in the depravity of the saloon keep
- era. Their extition on whinky
straight is bad enough, but their
x. charges for mixed drinks are still
d, worse. I have iu my mind's eye two
n saloons in the neighboihood of the
Spost ofiice, the rates of ai hic I will
11 take for iillustration. At each of these
' places the charges for a St.'Croix
sou. is 15c. Now, the cost of a St..
i Oroltx sour is
Rum, it thme oafdme...................
,1415 ,juice, ice, sirgiir audl-a strniw
berry or llackberry ...........I
Total ........... ................ 5
For which "we are compelled to pay
15 cents, or 201) per cent. profit.
At aeIPclof lhese places the chlialt
for a Cata Cwhba cobbler is 25 cents.
I 'he c-st of it to thle saloon keeper is:
Cents.
(;atsm iw a. at thr outsie.. ......... 4i<
Ice, slice ,f lemon, sugar, a: fragment of
pineapple and two ,traws... I+
Total ...................... . .. 6
for n hich lthe customer payRa 5
c.rtay-aa ptofit of m.ore than 400 per
cenit.
There are fiew drinl.s more whole
onme, tenlpting anlld excellent in eve
r) way than a milk punch. The cost
,f the ingredients of a c punch
a e-
Cents.
lialf pint milk....................... I
Ruin... ............ ..............4
Ice, sugar, nutmteg anal two straws.... I
Total...................--..7
And for this we are compelled to
pay 25,cents, a protic of nearly 400
per cent.
In these statisticte, sir, I have heenl
carefutl to phace the cost at the high
est figures. Upon si liihittiiig then)
ito thel inispectionl of a retired bar
ke'eper-wlho is now living in elegant
leisure ,pon thie ft uits of a well spent
life-le assured Ile thal;it Iny estimatie
,of the cost of inlgtie'dieltt was al -
gether too high; aid that, for in
stance, an excellent miilk punch could
be made for 46 or 5 cents. BIut I like
to he on the safe side, so I have inot
altered my tigures. I lay tlihet be
fore you, sir, in the hope that .lon
pritnt thetn and thius give expressioti
to the teelltg of the wronged and
pilunldered steady and regular diii k
ers of New York, of whioml I am nile.
OUR WASIlNGTON LETTER.
WAsutIixrox D. C., Oct :, 1878.
The speech nimade by Senlator Con
kliig at the New York Repuiblicatl
State Convention was temairkable for
what was in it and for what is not in
it. It was remiarkable in thait he
gives high promineilce to the Soutlih
ern outilge delusion. I call this a
delusionl, ftir, as the subject is under
stiood by the aver'age Nortllern IIIan,
it is a delusion. Thie whliole world
knows thiiat in the South there has
talwaiys existed, and probably always
exist, a lmore summIary way ofset
tling personial difficulties than in the
Nuorth. When this is considered, wit I
the turning loose upon establitlied
society of four millions of ineducated
beings who, kvith hardy an exception,
have only the Nligiltest ideas of righit
and wroiing, and the going South of
thousands of adventurels, we may
readily accounlt for all the "outrages"
that have been actually conmuiitted,
and we may do this without acttsillg
the people of the South of cotinuued
disloyalty to the Government But
senator Conkliug not only sees noth
ing but the "outrages," sees ogly one
portion of the people responsible for
them, and sees no relief possi le ex
cept in unreasoning interfernece by
the Federal Government.
The people of the North, begin
ning of late to understand that there
are two sides to this outrage basiness,
have decided that somiething else
shall have consideration. In Maine,
in Oregon, even in Vermont, the po
popular desire is to drop the subject.
Blaine and others are quick to see it.
But Conkling, whatever else lie may
have, has nto umore 3 nlmpatlhy with the
people, or an understanding of them,
than the firaudulent CalduffGiant had.
He will go on utitil November, per
hiaps, atnd theni find out, in loohking
from thile windws of prospective re
tireient that the people of New Youk
rlae busy aboilt ufflirs iof their own.
Thie speech of the Seuiator omuits
any lefeleece to Mr. hayes or to tile
nanner of his obtaining the otffice o
President, or to the polcy of the ad
winist-ation. This, of course, was
done to make harmany in the Con
vention possible.
The Democratic Convention of the
same State contented itself in denouo
cing the fraud by which Hayes was
inade President and endorsintg the
State aduitinistration. The only State
officer to be voted for is a Judge of
the Couit of Aplpeals and the cati
paignl, which is now fairly opetlie;
will be fonght upon members of tihe
Legislature and of Congress.
Mr. Hayes and most of the meon
-.. Or in. lutihqet i'-"n .sturned
herr, and the hlegira was held on
u ' Wednesday. It is officially an
nounced that the public business has
gotlne on sa isfactorily during the sum
mier, through most of the Cabitet and
fully otne-third of tlhe subordinates of
each Departmtent lha e been away o=
angaged on politica work. By and
by we shall tind out how it is that
these employes can b, spared for rad
ical camtpaign work, while any Dem
ocratic attempt to reduce expenses by
reducing the numbes of clerks atnd
mtinor officers is alowas resisted on
the ground that the public business
will sutfler,
iVhat Ass. Sec'y. b Cornick was 6
moithls ago, Mr. Gorn Ii, of the Re
publican Congressiona Comlmittee is
niow. He is the man Wo will die if
his name is not in the papers every
day. There is no sp itl harm ic
this, except that the c nslant read
ing of Gtrham's name y persuade
the people that Gorliat is the onuly
man in the country. U il the cain
paign is over we shall b e Gorliam
in all the political news.
LBION,
WAsHIG, DC.,
Sept.,
I am just iufnrmed of moveuenat
Iof men of, intelligenuce to ke Senua
etor David Davis a figllu.head- for
Lthose peionso who lhav detached
themrseves from the two i partie.,
or *hbohold but slack u i aace to
. them. The good semns of goatle
Samen ena*ged in it is she ijn th
t
lct thattit tihey wish to get rid of 1tnt
hr as a leader. ''The weakness of the
schemetij will be seern iwhlen we remielu
her tlhat Senator I)avis is not in any
s.nsE, a leader, an id has none of the
qualities which fit men for leadership.
l)issatisfied a ith the Bench, to w hichi
the partial kindness of his friendl,
President Lincoln t-hev ted him, he
left it un hde, ('iicniilstatices whichi
woul have u made the place doubly
'valiaile to ia lIlder miun. Entiier'ing
Ihe Senate, lie certainly ftailed to ima;ke
himself tfelt there. Able lawyers like
ThInmanl, and dextr,'is men who
h past of their ignorance of law, like
4aiine, madel or marred measures byI
their supporllt or oppi;sition, wchili
.Senaro I rV fiiled to ii;ake - tit?
imipression uponl Ithe cautse oft 'i.z;
lation. Besides this, tihere is in tin
fitness in the selec.Jtion, whiCh ca.;linet
be overlooked, hi tf'h i ln. the- past'
life( of the Senator. It is undeh.nstood
thlat his aimple toirtnile w'as iIladei by
loaning moniey Iti 110 the farmis of his
agiiinltlll neighbors, anid forecloi
iig a hen the day of misfortune caime
to the borrower. The lanl:ing ofr
money is not dishonorable, and the
lender has, of course, a right to pro
tect himself by the usual'legal means.
built the facts in this case, if' they are
as stated above, would not seenl to
commendtal tile Senator, especially to
the GIanger element.
However, we Ilmay soo expect to5
hear the Seator' spoken of in this
connection, iiandi it is not n.ite'iii to
Deeii crats wheither this part of the
opposition a ittempts to puh t hiim tol
ward. tfollows Ihe lead of Ba llet, or
selects silme olher candidate.
If I were called upon to give advice
to the Democrats of Mussaclhiuselts
just nlow, I should advise Ihem to
keele cool. Tlhis would be of advan
lage to both, thoselll who held high
carnival at H-urcester the other day,
ii illand nominelll d a Reptli lican ifor
Gove'rnor, and lto those who propose
to meet at FauneiilI lil in a few dais.
Famihi qua iiels are never pleasant,
and, when they bncome dangeclons
as well as disagreeable, it is high time
fir all the comlbatants to cnsider
tlheil ways. It is nit, in the first
helace, likely that Massachusetts would
suffter in her finainces, or that her tax
es would bie higher, or her la" s be
less thounughly executed, if Butler
were made Governler, thlan IIlnd'r an
administratilon of Mr. Talbot, or of
the excellent gentlemen who will
probably be nominated at Faneiul
Hall. And taxes, always unpopular,
are now not only burdenseome in Mas
sachusetts, but almost unbearable.
Gen. Butler's Democratic fi ends
should remember, on their side, that
many of the blessings that they an
ticipate from his exertions as Gov
ernor will be equally assured by the
very flight which the dominant party
feels at his candidacy. With Butler,
and Buutlerism before their eyes they
will certailly reduce expenses, cut
off unnecessary offices, and introduce
other refolrms which they would not
otherwise have thought of. By all
means let our Massachusetts Demo
cratic friends keep cool. The end of
the world is not at hand.
If the Republican control the Wis
consin Legislature this linter they
will do a wise thing by electing Hon.
Matt. H. Carpenter to the U. S. Sen
ate in place of the soumewhat anti
quated Mr. Howe. The lahitter's day
of usefulness, if lie has had such a
day, is past. He is wholly out of
place,-as much so as Hannibal Ham
lin, James Harlan or PIomeroy-in the
Senate of to-day. Carpenter has
ability, a sense of fairness, and is a
very eloqueut man. If no Demo
crat can be sent here, I hope tile
Democrats of the State will do what
tlhey can to elect Carpenter.
ALBION.
Yellow Fever News.
New Orleans, Oct. 4.-Total cases
Sto datle 10,218. Total d(ltis 3,060.
Reports at bouard of health show
the tfever is increasing in, the lower
portiotn of the third district near the
Uuited 8tates barracks Slaughter
house and along the line of St. Ber
nard parish. The fever has also
penetrated every portion of the see
o nd district fromr the river to the
Swoods. In addition to thie yellow
Sfever an extremely severe type of te
ver.prevails auong the childien.
New York, Oct. 3.-A New Orleans
special says nearly 15,000 persons,
U who have returned from lake shabore
watering places, are being prostrated
alnostas fast as they atrive. A per
feet panic prevails. -In tlheopinion of
well ifeos 4.obseres thiis influx hIas
restored the epidenmic- to iisiTnmer
statle. Over 500 ate prostrated in
Carrolton and as many nmore in Gret
na and Algiers. At Batrnes' nhotel in
Mississippi City, those who died were
buried uncofinued. CIol. Jack Whar
t ton, who is authority for this state
ment, says: "Had we waited tosend
Sto New Orleaus for eolBis we would
have had to carry them out in buck
Setea." Col. Carter, special agent c,f
internal reventue was buried there
SWednesday. The Italian refugees
Swho two months ago anterior t the
fever eneamped at Camp Parapet, aIre
returning. Mauy have. secently sick
ened. At the board of health this
Smorning it was aninounced that fever
is increasing and will increase so I,4
as abseutees from any localit du"ck
into the city. Tllirty-six 'eatlhs 'e.
ported for the past 24 iours and 100
new cases.
[Specia to the Republican.]
Hay. City, Kas., Oct. 2.- A band
of the rnnaway Indians eroseed the
Kaunsas Pacific road sixty miles west
lit this city yesterday afternoon in the
vicinity of Buffalo statiotn, and wlen
I about twelve miles norhllwest of the
Sroad caume upon a lot of cattle-meo.
rA hard tight ensoed, res tiiung in
eighteen whites bring killed and five
wouuded. Loss t Iudiaos nuot kdown.
i The tnroops are all test of the sceense
of yesterday's trouble, in parnuit of a
r bad that ciromd therth oadon Suday
'iound Words.
The Shrevepolt TI''ES has the fill
lowing editorial in a late issue which
we commend to the consideration of
such of us as don't pull in harness as
we should. Read it and act on it:
The chronic otlice seeker and pro
fissional politlician, %%iih but fen ex
ceptions, ate entitled to very little.
contlidtence. For that reatson the Ipen
ple are at times dil1,osed to, dispellse
%litll the setrlices even of good men
who have been Ibefore lihe people too
often as candidates. Looking back
for the last twelve years, we find that
iearly all of our party leaders, for
I easons satisfactory to themselves,
Ii Vr g:)~e. ver' t , I h e Itjitt')llCa' IarT
it. W ,rlhtllr--,L. e- s iljtja j., e-i
lby the Ilo'e of ,i  - ,rill! (it . it'
tint, is best kto4e. to I teristc t"t-.
1eaele rslhilp ol jd,,u tl: i teiciltered some
tof thetlI. The.y we ts not entir !
oblivious of ithe loaves and fishes,
andI the tlesll pots of Egypt.
The leaders of the RepuLlican pallty
deeplyl s) mpathize with a mtan who
has been defeated for orlice by our
ntioinatiag conventions. He is con
soled with the flattering assurance
tliat he is to,, good a rman for the
Drtnocrats; thait conservative, law
ahlding men moust affiliate with the
1epu-llblicans. If ia person is unwil
ling to make a pIlitical soine;sault,
thiechantge is etflected by degrees.
,lln as an independenlt and we will
etdrse you. Still call yourself a
Democrat and bring with you all the
voters you can from your party, is
the advice given and taken.
By the tiilthe campaign is over,
ithe independent candidate is in ac
colrd with his political friends the
Republicans, and alienated from his
political opponents the Democrats.
If lth has personal inftlnence he will
ielldl ee his Democratic associates to
Sti'p pot him and thus create a breach
in tihe ranks of our party.
There is no middle, debatable
ground when there are tt o parties
arrayed against each other, the one
composed in the mrein of white peo
ple, and the other in the main of
black people. To act the part of an
intiependent voter is pretty in theory,
but it will lead the voter flout the
panty lie formerly supported to the
one lie had opposed.
Bull-dozing,
[Shreveport Times.]
A special of the 26th from New Or
leans to the Globe-Democrat, gives
the following report of an interview
between leaders of the Republican
party and Gov. Nicholls:
A committee of prominent Repub
licans, including B. F. Joubert, C. C,
Antoine, Collector Smith and J. G.
Brown, waited upon Gov. Nicholls
to-day with an earnest protest against
the hanging of Dalton in West Fell
clana, and the banishment of Blunt
and Breda from Natchitoches at the
first Republican meeting of the cam
paign. The governor replied that he
stands by his pledges, but declines to
admit the intimuidation charged, hav
ing no official information, communi
cation being cut off by quarantine.
The republican committee in private
conversation expresses great bitter
neess and disappointment. They say
unless Nicholls will give some expres
sion of opinion discountenancing bull
dozing, there will be no Republicar
canvass.
How Blunt could make "intitnidp
tion" out of his escapade here on 21st
September, 1878, is not surprising to
those who know the wiley ways of
that individual. Of course the gov.
ernor is right in declining to admit
the "bull-dozing' charge"- lie would
be blind to reason and common sense
it hie could even think that the firing
into a town, with threats to burn
property and outrage women was
"intimidation." All this the mob o
negroesdid and threatened to do or
that awful Saturday, and our readera
will see from the evidence of Jacob;
Davis and Tomr Smith (colored), pub
lished elsewhere, that to burn and
sliy is their normal desire.
If those savage desires and fien.
islh threats are "RHepttdican campaigi
openings" it were well we prepared
for serious work wheo we come t
the body of the bueineSe . *-
New Orleans, October 4.-Frank A.
Riehardson, Isaac Marks, Augusta
SRichard, sub-conmnihtee, of the Ne
Orleans relief eanmittee, make ai
appeal .to the people of the United
States for means to supply the desl
titute with food. Tihe comei'
state that they represent tlidvot.
Sganizatros that have furO l on earth
led themselves to doing They have
t to their fellof etre in behalf
united in aow"and will be ple.ueed
of the destnd distribute all contri
to reeS The appeal set forth that
,bre are two hundred thousand peon
pie in New Orleans; atmoon then.
iauny thousand daestitute. The feam
of coenitagion has caused the outside
world to close its doors against us as
against leprosy; ouravegues ot trade
are cloed andt strong men who would
willingly work are comopelled to re
nasin idle. The appeal eoneluded.
,.You who have already nobly re
sponded to the calls of others for re
lief know only that the city is tillei
with the plague-emitten aud fying;
but another affliction searkely less to
be dreaded follows the disease into
many homes aind smites the strong
and well alike. Hounger sad wlait
claim many whom tile pestihenpa
es; to thie nick is given niedlcioe, to
the dead bhrial,Sitl we s ihil to tbe
humane of our counotry s sev from
starvation Zthes whe uaieyd.l
r_~
News Drihlets.
Cotton receipts at all points up to
Oct. 2d was 331,87t baIles an exc'·e'
for the same time lah year of 2'01..27 I
hales.
Cotton is decliiiti
Palestine, 'rexa ,:in
porti ,,n destroyed .. !;
"rwentl y ive t -ii' li .. ', .I
boinrned and the ,o ... -
at $100,000
Tie Radicals have put Iir, al I;
State ticket with A. B. Noi ton for
governor.
Win. Vance, and old citizEn iiof San
At'o.nio, died in that cirty laIl \ .
- .'!,e , il a k c N''.,,., ..
t.ie't a-dt1 1) t7±'i-Tt 1 I, ,
Ib,ks lf the ell ket l , , :, 1!
itue, to Iprove Ihal gilt lg li-t I I, ,\v
Inadel i that city, 1141and ,1) dult1 t il
o41 heis, fl'om conl alld lice illsltaidl ii
hIarly malt and hops.
Mr. Joseph Jefferson is now lili ih
Hl' engmgeniut at.o the ()in ic itheI:
tie in S i. Louis, and will ipliar, :i,
1u41.l, iin his inimtnitable lcharic4er '1'
Tip Van Winkle. The idividuali,
of this gifted actor see5 1ºi t Io L iv 1itt ,,,
,tneiged i:.to that t lf "It:,."
The l loraid assuetIai lli Vil I
burig atre receiving aien;,I fI. lhI
ouni all points oilhin a 1,1id,., ,,! i:.
guiles east 44 the Mi.isi.t-ili I t.n . 1
the fiever is spreadig iti. IlI dii i ,o- .
The relief steamer Joh11 MA. Ch.il
miers left St. Louis on T unisiolay with
supplies for the sick and indigetil in
the infected districts.
The Baltimore Gazette puhlliklhed a
list of "special cases," emhraci g
those who helped to steal the electo
ral votes (o Louisiana :ti d Florda,
with the rewalds given by llats for
their service, which amount to .$20I,
300 a year. We give a few familiar
names:
J. Madison Wells, surveyor of port,
New Orleans, $5004.
T. C. Anderson, deputy collector of
port, New Orleans, $3000.
S. B. Packard, consul to Liverpool,
$6000, including fees.
George L. Smith, collector of port,
New Orleans $7000.
A. B. Levisee, special agent internal
revenue, New Orleans, $2500.
Jack Wharton, U. S- Marshal, New
Orleans, $2000 and fees.
Kenner and Casanave are forgotten,
and a host of others.
Hayes thus illustrates civil service
reform and his "Southern policy."
The Greenbackers.
The Enquirer, the orignal standard
bearer of the greenback policy, pater
nally says of the Ohio National State
Convention at Columbus: "It was a
convention of well-meaning but mis
guided and mistaken men. Their op
portunity lies within the Democratic
organization. They might labor ill
their separate capacity for a genera
tion without accomplishiiig so much
in the direction they pursue as the
Democratic party has accomllished
within one year. There is not a
shadow of an excnse for the existence
of a Greenback-Labor party in Ohio
outside of the Democratic party. The
platform adopted yesterday at Colum
bus is proof of the fact. The Ol1o
idea is afloat. The "Nationals" 3es
terday at the Ohio Capital favored
the policy of taking the idea of4 fromu
a great, splendid ship, and putting it
in a skiff in said ocean and starting it
for harbor. Enough of the crew may
leave the ship to retard its progress,
but the skiff is absolutely hopeless
ashore."
New York sun: John Sherman's
change of front oin face of the' enemy,
right on the eve of the fill elections,
bhas intensified the pani amonlg the
ofice-holders. They know that a
desperate step like, tha' Id never
have been taken (toless o was
almost hopeless. As nce,
large numbers are desu iu ,.. .k
ing ship. They hIave found a strong
syampathy with the demand for
ck~nuge, and discovered ties witlh :.ir
odesocracy which bind them cl,,sely
to some of the leaders, and many .e
freet T '" ever ...
and Tildep qught tobe se~ated. Ale
verts multiply daily, and ·' oenides
election has worked woat indefinoite
giving JanmeaG. BIAse can now ro
leave of abseoQtying of Mous. Le
peat the ctw death of Clharles XII,
Sage, .fle of Frederickshall, '"Gen
at tlj, the game is up, let us be go.
INOLYTr.--P~or the first time sinleC
the Rbepubliean party came into power,
eighteen years ago, its national counnmit
tee is cramped by the want of money.
During the: war when the party was tlhe
government and was printing greenbacks
and bonds, and for twelve years after t-ii'
war, when it was thought a very ,Itrotic
and loyal thing to spenId mIoney Iy itIl
lions, the eommittee lived in clover. If
a slm anywhro from $100,000 to 1,0')i,
000 was needed to carry North CarElun:,
or fill Arkansas with Republican ldepity
marashal, the money was procurad ahnlst
without an effort The counntittee's ,x
chequer was noearly as prolitic as th,
National Treasary, and the need of means
was never felt. Baut ever since a DeImo.
cratic House cut down the appropriation,
and began to pry into the expeliditures
the committee Ihas been as hard iput, to
it to find means to run it-s mqchine an a
bankrupt and seedy speculator to buy
daily snpplies. There is uqno uch slulc.-
gring of the department 'tpprriaJhcio
pnder thQ present adnmimstratioan as
there Was undr Its lit~'prvedeoier, arid ,
at times it is  ptlit;:h .
4 from
a- . " .. . .