3 squarns... 10011 13 O, i !oi fu . I J 1..
4 s squaresuares..... I I I , ,n i 2. ' n li ,if , i ,,I ,,,, .. - ,,
Square... 1 op e ' O :idi a t' 4,
squares..T \ W LFI-E O) THll PEOPLE IS THE SUPRE.M LA .,
Ssquares... .,1'1 , " I, . " .
' I- t1 1 V
I square ... b , . I, , ,. _. . ,i
0 squares ... . ' I o, . ;11 A . l
leines... I T.H, E SUPREME Li,,c. ,
"0 V I " " 1 " ,"'"""
tn sq u are s... t,:c c h J 1 t i ..s\. .. -I ' , I , :1 .
quent ineorti,,n 7', rr ,a p,.r oqfcar. I r . . .. I. .. . . . . . .
Professional Cards.
JII. J. O t .'Y.'g·)ia' I,~l IB i1
.lI TT'I)R E .1T L,. I Ii.
St. Denis Street, N:at.hIi:t,,, I ,, L.a.
SI .L1 p r a t i , . i, , : h ,. . . . .. h . . ', i i
Sulprenme ( outt of thei stati ,
TWmV . I-I. Jacl'?mo
Atto n ey an1 (',un:ts,,/,r ((t ,,,c 
NATtII TV :I . I...
i lt LLpracti,' in th,. '."utt+I \,fN'". h r "* '
1 Sabine, I), s ,,tn. I,.-" i v,.,r, \V in. ' hl '
ln( Grant, antl i Iitl St in rn,ii. I'olr't -
W M . M . lE Y . (l i1ll.lC. ý' ".1'11 t1ii l't.;I;
LEVY & 'A illOlll t)I ill,
A.1TT 'a I' , . i ' L. I
[t AVI\NG a r" iatd lth naul i 1" 1 pa ,.t 1" . .
flj in the Paiiih an.) li.lir,' 1i 1 tl J l i,
rlal Diitrict, anil in th,, parihrs..ftC ,f in ,n
(i'p Stairs.) t
NAT(' II1T()('IllE,"a. !1.
Aug. 3, 1'7 -ly.
J I. ('UNNINGilI. ,
Attornctr & C1,o011161r ,at I'CW,
St. Denii Street,
Natc• hito ,i : : L."1
\ 11,1, give 1ri1pt10 Wl t ',uinal a.t
t iV lt tio i to a itl ll!.,tllr's nt'll rtl' i l d I t
his cartl v
Practitc s in th, ll ri, I lllt I'ish I i 8
Couurts in the P,ishs a N itic llitClrt s.
Rued River, I).,s.,tl nil t Shinlc , ani birl r 'e
the Sluprrtlu (o'l, .! )| tilr :l ll N1 1\\
------ --- - - ---
J0 _ B. iIf. ,f;t TT.'L )'
t liati it New vlfl'ri ný.
ATTORNEY & COUYSET.OR AT LAW
(' 1"` 1I\ I" A. .
Rf ) fill'l:. 1'fl I'· 1: 11, l A. l1 . ..
Will practice i i ta, N::tchito
ehes, Manatirhl, Mlany, tuiil in iverry li:rl
of North.wst L.ijisaina. Si liciiil at itl'
Liou giveu to Lland eisLill iul Snclssion.
Junit 'Jth, Ih77-tf.
C. CuALrttN. C,. . IlIAN Uit T. 1'. (.P. 'II .IN
HAPLIN!, DIIANfUET & (CHAPLIN.
Attorne yl at Law,
NA'TCIIITO()lIES, LA.
P RACTICE in tihe Iitrict Ciourts ot"
Natchitoc'w-s, Saliine, De tito and
Red River antid in the S prene (.Cort of
the State. March .-ly.
J M. B. TUCKER,
Attorney ald Cotunsellor ait Lua-,
lOFFIClE:
St. Denis Street, •. . atchitoht'h., La.
TILI practice in the District and Par
Sish Courts of Natclhitoches, Sabin
D.Soto and Red River, and the Supreme
Court of the State.
All business entrusted to his mare will
receive prompt attention. Apr 13-ly
ENRY SAFFORD,
Attorney at Law,
NATCIHITO(HIIES, LA.
I Office adjourning that of Mr. Jack.
May 18 4umo.
Mt. A.. uni.,
Physician and Surgeon
MY!oniugomcry, La.
Magistrate.
JOHN N. TUCKER,
Magistrate Wayrd 1.
St. Denis Street, : : Natchitoches, La.
fP ROMPT attention giveu to all business
. entrusted to his care.
Po Claims collected at small cost.
Refers to the Bar= Generally.
Jan 5'78-1y
. Business Card's.
J, C. Triohel,
-DEALER IN
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, HARD
WARE, BOOTS and SHOES, HATS,
ETC.
Highest cash price paid for Cotton and
Country Produce.
WASHINGTON, ST.,
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
C. A. BULLARD- N. H. CAMPBELL
Bullard & Campbell.
-nDEAI.ER IN
DRY GOODS,
GROCERIES.
HARDWAR E,
And General Merchandise.
Corner FRO.T & LAFAT'TrE Street,
Natchitoches, La.
IIGIST cash price paid for cotton and
o estry produce in Mash or merchandise.
March 1S -Is.
Tq . WALMRLaT, R. M, WALMSI.RT
C. L. WALMSLEY & CO,
cO*(roT FACTOR%
-AND
IHIgAL COMVIISSION MERCIANTS.
rPygo St., New Orleans, La.
CHILL.3, FE:VE.'S, ,,nYSPF..'SIA i,,
Fema;e Discordes. F Youod by I),.
The Hormte .tw Co., ,t. -ouis,
S. ei . T 1 " ., ri. " th I
arid Sod iB/ i' - w7 Lvr'vr)fmlere. ,,u
1LAURIE& McCLATCHEY'S
E¶ihthh ldilion: Ii rp. M.
large vo. halt .\!r,,c,,; ,lhi,' tL B,,r ':,J t : & ?AFF.I.
A p$10 $20 3OO, $1000
C .w \I . 1, F a.V E .t, N,.w Yrk., mia ke
I 1 fr.'t 0\ t t ,' i,, y~ tim/uL:' th, am, ou.t' p inr d
1 1.:-! ii .1htike. Iiahuh hiiiihiit
[,d'r, ,, . ") . ii ill., Ii Ilth l' iinnm u oiiii jp.'x'
1ria a i t 1 hd Or". I.. . . idCato y i
ti:e 1juanAazd wejk1ly reo tstmfe
DR. BUTTS
No.12 N. Eighth St.
, St. Louis, Mo.
;),,. :.:.i.'. L " ] v - ! ;°t t,:il .{'[{,. % [ i ris , ll' ,hlt'tl"
Who ha had l greater ex, r'e. ee nt the trealient o1 t 'e
11 gettitil iroiiubln it buth Ina. uni ii feinicl than aiy phtahiiiin IE
in t, e W'. t, g, i Vi te reii it f w ar t" o .ilw aro sucesaii
practiuce LuliEtwo few warka,junipubblhd,eiktiiied
i The PHYSIOLOY OF MARRIACE '
ThPRIVATE MEDICAL ADVSER I
larg No l~ tr.~ ri,?.F. Erighth 1. ''st.
Book, that are really f uidtes Nai ttt.in:tr tatr s it al'.I
t I ra pertamLing tL tahoo aindlsitI Huimuanooi. and atupfry I u
waitlois teit. Ihe tarebaautiftj itustrated.tanid in pain
pa rEs, ant uunii raiai i le infurmatit fur txuth rnarri: danr d i
suit le, with$a.2I 00ruuit ipuementainuedical tr tetit 0 $ 0
adwu.tour me a1: r. . 1l u eknowledgeis o.parted
in ir: niutt new w\ rk' 12 LOni ) way of ruestionable char
etWho bu i eihuig tiia t Mexp eryeone a h nltd now. f e t iu
Yt ithe I.u ifilt,' te ry inr, u tion; th, e Ao n,oiuthetwis +
perfcutly h elt ay 0ma e w, Aut wpban ct , or in thi ruin
of hte and ItAE tmia , iLt mRise
ftom thc e 1 an illy her se i .e h
1., ! n º , _~n,(( DR.d BUtTtTlho.Sli upylt
to -Stt uiio JunlitM..
I LrW s had gretiherM) ex i.ee teh
alboth in ,le v tnu ,atla It n llth an f th ri
gilt, 2 h ets. extra. , riit uniter seal, I
0-receipt of pric iinwmney or tampS
ttinthe Ie.r. edy th the 1th Centue arty.
pacticein, his twone m wt rh., jut publeyone o, eltiid n .1e ] r
taoRi Barham's Infallible i
TLh. PRVT .DCL M E
PIE ICURE.
Booksth etrely , h eb wt wal nfat e i ae a
tr, MAi( I Ittat er fan to illre H..o.rri. a ds s
W e n'i h r P g t re illt h elutrt ea s tipible
1 ataze~I00 uI'r .o > i Trhes tw hn o.okid ethas e"bae'
In t S.r ieat nw r Sts , oisi nier o, ll. I
te t r i . inm FiAne tt, trin=toe i euar ex .T he
itan tatly iI f i iblcttio yllt iinFtne utr
oth thie manyy, ii . L* he. ti v .
NE~ t8D 11.1[.fzt u,'e rnl he t e or )z
tit.or' !S, i hen at iI . I p tb lal , ia
Ponrnit en on 1r 1nycta-e & . ieac
:. r.' nd |so ni-ii-fenar, '
op ttr, in ne v Lu e t. ' t t l oSi I I c iu1l n
COg ilt isi tr. Letun de sa l , o S i ae nos r '.
PRESCRIPTION1 FREE! T "
) or t I I- in Ioee y o I I. s Its . il, k * - , La n .e
'l t t I liii til iTi nore brtime - oi h v ut h i.tla
PII'IOII. P3)l I LE, C UR'.IIII"T.''', E ,l{u:g .I
crt tut or en 're. A, ~ lr i ii.lttel i.t e liii intgri
tientis. Adldrsiiss, I)D. W. JAQIFE% &t (S.,
130 went lixlh SIree,, (litncinnthi, O.
A Mystery l ohved.
TIAK Grats It eeical T: iue.mh olt
anU a P(e ,rtn in iouLre PO'ori
,dr. T'I* So maVl,
tthe Cenhre </f
Di.eas'e.
Th ' (rea .% ti--l'i, .,(I 'en , , ,.
- I i: .n:ali e )issolver.
PURGATIVE PILLS
D-Aro the result of long-continve'd Sc'iel
tific inv stigati 1, and are Warrantled to
cur all diseaes o'iginati' g ioPh the
Stomach, Liver, :rnd Bowels No grip
ingOlains fllow the use of thDseo Pills,
ud hmlss th.- Bowels are. inflam(ed; lbut Re
lief, Innmediate ltlief; may Ihe relied
upon. As a CErLamin ainily Pr rsi i
PARNSON'S
PURG A TIVE' PILLS
-TStand unequah'd 1t;re thte worhl to-day.
L By varying the ,ho., a('(oxding. to (direc
ti)ns. P ' IrsJns" l, u r(ati'e ]ills ) tl5 tnally
Purify the gloo1),1,.1 a d r reatly ai h viate,
tif n.= enti)l'y cure .tr .'psia, S irofula
or Iking's Evil, Ro(e. lErysipehs o)r StL
\thony's Fir,,, ErPtfions, ;: ,I Eruptive
Diseassat th ~ Skin', Sit Rhoun,. T it
,ter, lRingworm, bor,,. Boils, Tumors,
M Porbid swe llin!g'. l tekiv ons, Pimpl1,
and alhttch 'ns.
a EVERY BOX WARRANTED.
e ost Complete Satisfac i tion Gnarantlt ed
or No Pay.
t Full directions arou.d each oat
Physicians supplied by mail, post--paid,
r for $t.50 per th ousand, in bulkte, eh i
iadvance. We will send these Pillsr to
tany reliable druggist or merihagt to ell
uon commission. Agents wated overy
i whre.
T. S . JOHNSON & COo,
BINtOO, lAItI troprioterel
J. P IGATV
.II s..'celllanou. ".
VEGETINE.
, EYV, J. P. LUDLOW WRITES:
I;- ,:eli le r l.t. IBrok,,kl: d N y. .
\. t i. Ii'tIt' . I )
- ' '', . ',i\ 11. -- al benelit+ rw iev l h\
its I1.t " . 0I'1! :at t~ll(l1 1i'1tsona kIlC Iwb',de t'f
1 ho- e awi h,, \ lo .1ur,"' 111th ",w hv;\ te ,e'nu111 d tlu n'st I I'
t,_ , ,,,n, i i ii th. \ e,,Z i n . ;',,r th " c, llr l :titi ts it is
i.,li1,n l |to rIc ''. .Tau ,. I'. i lllln ow .
L; it, I'.t- lr ',ialtirv i:ptl' i t I'hurch
Sacramento. II '1'1
VEGETINE
SHE RESTS WELL,
, ,th land. l. (le., ( I, ;.1 i.
M t . 11 I:. Sm(vt us .- I-1
y Ih at sir :- .I hav e lbee.n ,ik two years with
- 1i h" liver ct pllllilit. llad d liilng that ilei have It
9, ti, hen a L reaitiii mIail tli l ient medicines, l lt
0. ".1:, o t he did ni any good. I way trestless
i ndhts. a d hi 10 aipi i ite i Sinh'. taking the
S ti I rt w,.ll tiand relish nmyv foil. Iali
I,  lmin nd the i t ,, ti t ot r iltt it hais doei t
1 itllnt i, f h. aI l ei,'
MI. tI .l11'' M. V\ u, hni .
rr., , M ,,dtord. Mass.
VEGE-TINE
GOOD FOR TIHE CHILDREN
00 , :,.to,,i ili,i 14 Tv!, r Street, 1
fl( ., i ton, April, 1976. I
. l ,*:" r Si r-- \\,"' f.I·l that c.hilren in our holn. e
S !aiv,. I hern greatih b.le ti, tti d by ithe V'egetine II
to. ,l havt .s kuidlih giiven us frlo timie tIi time,
i.ory.,il thl e ti..r ld with thu Scrofula. iA
Str,. N. W\'OMELL, Matron
St. VEGETINE.
Io.
+ .... REV. O T WALKER SAYS:
l trv It ' 11 ",,i . It 1. It 4 Trtansienl t Street.
CE it .'it ,vSt , Eli q..-
iER I if. hl)ound to expres with liy signlature
mat ih,. hi,,h itlloi I place 1'1u1 (nlir Vegetihe. MIV
PiY I.i s have used it r te lat the lat two years. Iii
p;eiii lrv bilits it is itnlslahble, and I recotm
ldntd tiieil it to all who ltuv need il luvigoratiug,
arted u . T. WALKER, "
,cha .or unnellty ]'r ,tor of I owioit lltqu ati C'hurch.;
Trwie Bl-ilyton.
,rime .
VEGETINE
NOTHING EQUAL TO IT.
try. South Salem. Mass., Nor 14. 1L76.
bI II . 1. R. Stevei s :
SDear Sir-I have been troubled with Scroflu
Il . Canketr. and Liver Conllilinlt for three
II lars. N, tlhillg ever did !me any good until I
C.,o unlened lusing the Vegetecn. 1 nam now
. i "ttllnl along first-rate, and still uinlg the
hnoldtl ' e.lll tine. I cousihilr there is nothing equal
toa1i to it for such cpililainits. Canu heartily recon
liit ul it to ever\ybo lo . Youllrs truly,
. MIs IIZZIE M PAC'KARD,
fry, N.. It Lagranige Strieet, Soluth Saleml, Mass.
111.
VEGETINE.
re or
I RECOMMEND ITHEARTILY
South Boston.
Mr. Stpelus.
I lDear Sitr---I havt, taken several bottles of
vyour \'Vegetite, and am convinced it is a valhi
1,1,i remeiiil for lvspepsia, Kidney Complaint,
9 nI .ienial Debility of the SysteRli. I can
.heartily recOllmmend it to all sufleters froni
ri the lilove oeutidplaints..R
<l yours respectfully.
1tMrs. MUNHOE PARKER
VECETINE.
PREPARED BY
H. R. SIEVENS, BOSTON, MASS.
Vg'etiiul is Sohl by All Druggists.
E. & l. JASOBS,
COTTON FACTORS,
-AND -
-importers and wholesale dealers in
DiY-UOHl 11IIO1S, IIII!ilE,
Cutlery, Guns, Boots & Shoes,
LIQUORS, TOBACCO AND CIGARS,
TEXAS STREET,
SHREVEPORT - - - - - Louisiana
We are prepared to fill orders for bag- I
ging and ties, bacon, flour, sugar, coffee
and all other articles, both staple and
fancy, in the grocery and dry-goods line
that may he needed by merchants or
planters.
Orders sent to us, accompanied with
cash, cotton, or acceptelt drafts on New
Orleans will receive onr proni~t and care
fuil attention.
Wt,~,,altptee every article we sell
and promise full atii"ti-e tire isfation
in all sales of cotton.
Sept. 28, '78-1m E. & B. JACOBS.
JOHN L. GILL,
-P -WITH-
s, GREGG & FORD,
Ad C,OTTON FACTO RS,L
AND
s GIBi i EOISSII 11 IATS,
--DEALIR IN
Y_ GROCERIES & WESTERN PRODUCE,
SAge.nts 1 atalr Improred Rerolving Head Gin.
20, 21 and 22 Levee,
St. SREVEPORT - - - - LA.
t- THE
SINGER.
.M ANU FACTURI'G COMPANY
NEW FAMILY
Sewing Machines.
'.
Great reduction o(
in M3o
11 FROM FORMER PRICES.
Singer Machinea!adjustel and repaired.
N,adle, oil, &e.. for sale.
J. M. McGREGOR, Aet.
St. Donia St., Nahlthi4heo, La.
oat. 12-4t.
"h'. 1i'-.r Ird tManion of gen. It. L. ::
Lee, at Arlington. -it
Lily
SI I:MINI, i l.ES :tI: lF" i64. [hI
'+ linit .tnt I. INlAlS.
thought. de,'l. sadly sohe n, t [ pr
, i neuath 1 , t pot i o lofty, Its massive
f narbl, iollnnuls. llet
Sli,n tonuriung up.vard, wtith their forms
* ,rainllv ,. i:,. extendled, Of
\\itlVnt lightness :uy, or sleh'delele
Sg.ine ~f stricture. Wou
The w:lls with stuo tfinished, Time's
i tlh .s tiners have broken Fei
the pI anels once tich with carved figures
ernur:,., Ar.t's t.ke'ns, Ile
\hich the artist's skillhd labor deli;ht
. ed to eIellih ; I Old
But now iept, . defaced and broket .1'v
lh , 1man s vandal spirit. r+ poi
, Its i orn'ies elegant, headetd thick. a ~Si
. st , ith swatllows' nesCts, A
- Like a shadowy, mlourllilng necklace
h around ftait 'inlan's neck. A r
, The tw'ittering cry and thlntter ng wings
of the young fledgelings, In
Fill all the" st.ill tis tsll siletlnco with sound
like a voice of speteh. Fri
F ast--thloed tlthe \twooden shntters, as en
tranice' to Itomllb of the dead. 'ITh
The broad and polished doors that once
I stoold switm-, back. wide open spread, Lo
living it to ti Iansion firot ia hospitable,
S llalllst hllnlu an lile, W1
WI here I beh sunilight goldlen, lingered lvy.
ingly ion tihet shinin hall, As
Now sealed aindl silent, like lips of hunlin
iI lv iy}" death. It
ieo low lihe heat t's pulslat ionls measured grow
i. ndt hushed the deep-drawn breath; An
h. As if staildinlg befotre the lportals bolted,
of an old toenth
On (Inorgetownl heights, bearing a name Re
great antd glorious.
lForever assed ad and fallen from common 'Fr
.e. speech of lips iortal.
Dlid ithe eye haliniii, ever from portico
t. lofty Iand grant, At
Dwell with expanded vision upon such
ire lovely laldscape view' As
fi! The iforest in its rolls of green 'neath the
I I btreath til Summer swtlyed, Ni
Washing up into richest foliage, lapping
far away l
'To where the miajestic Potomiuac winds Its
silvery flow.
Sllere on t he ltl'¶tlies the garden old,
\there oft, in tines former, As
Light forms nlerriJy, gracefully moved;
sotft hands with taper fingers
Culled the flowers fragrant, Nature's St
beauteous offerings;
. Now a deserted Eden, no hand "to lop C(
its wanton growth ;'
ufu. Yet still retains its pristine wealth of R
ree gay anti georgeous flowers.
til Before you lies the Capital, fair city of K
the. Washington,
nal Where once assembled the Republic's L
01i wealth of intellect,
Whose halls resounded to the voices T
SSR. eloquent, words burning,
Falling fromn lips now silent and hnushed B
withinl the tomb's portals;
Patriot men, who by their statesman- Y
ship and great intellects,
,Y Reared in grandeur the great temple of M
Constitutional Freedom.
. A monuilnment, the world's offering to a
nation's founder,
Lifts its huge mnass, a milestone mighty A
tint, resting on lap of earth,
can "To count the ages by," and tell of a na- F
!onl tion's reverence
For hint who lives forever green in each E
patriot's heart-George Washington ;
Straight out beyond the dome of the I
Capitol,-a spiral bubble,
As if an angel's breath had blown it into
real existence.
He who here once proudly stood and gaz
ed with soul-filled beauty
Upon this panoramic scene of man's and
nature's building,
tS. Turned front the view, a patriot, whose
richly flowing blood
Spurned despotic power, as did his an
cestors before him, I
Went forth thrice armed in spirit to bat
tie 'gainst oppression,
With his heart believing, firmly, all
truthfulness and honor,
In that cause sacred, which made our
great and noble forefathers.
Unfalteringly wreastle with the British s
Lion in his wrath. t
Liberty! fair Goddess: on the folds of
thy silken banner
Are enlblazonted these bright names glo
fS riots-WASHINGTON and LEE.
Push oeen the door reluctant, enter the
Its floors all co\ered with dust, time's
lingering, silent footprints.
bag- Its frescoesand barren walls all dim with
tissue cobwebs;
ff Thearches once fair, beauteous, all stain
and ed and battered sadly;
line A chain, dim and rusty, dangles from the
So ceiling lofty,
Where once huing suspended a lamp,
whose light, pure and radiant,
with Shed its softening rays upon scenes both
New gay and festive,
Now put out forever on those brillant
are- scenes of former days.
The antlered heads of Virginia deer,
sell those old forest monarchs,
tion Trophies of some forgotten field, to the
hounds' merry music,
And dashing legpt"if ,i il.. '. -"
S. yet cling to the dim walls;
So silent, so deserted, like sculpture from
hand of an Artist.
Dim paintings here are, whose once liV
ing and breathing subjects
Have given records to the Poet's pen and
the staid historian;
Grim and silent watchers o'er this scene
so lonely, deserted;
Which Time has deeply m'arred with his
reckless, ruthless tingers
ml As makes the old, new sparkling wine;
true frltuds and recortds pleasant.
I open a doer and enter a room where
UCE, stands the table
i Gin. Around which gathered once host and
hostess, forms of guests merry ;
How bare and silent now ! its cloth re
LA. moved perhaps forever,
Its lion claws leaving footprints deep,
broad and marked clearly,
As if this mansion grand was the hauntn,
retreat and den indeed,
Of wild beast from out the wilderness of
y dark, gloomy forest.
Here sat in days gone by-Lafayette, the
foreign patriot;
Here sparkled, gay jest and wine, in all
their-choicest beanty;
HeBre rose the song of true love, long ago
died out in sighing.
Here woman's smile shone round the
board, now faded out in dying. J,
Here stands against the wall hrad ''
s of some fashion olden. tose or
Ah I not thus did it appear i, tose for
aired. mel days so golden,
SFlashing in all its Pvry of ent-gls,
I. ruby and rambi"
La. I strive to res me-a in this dim shatter
,Ilimw a.,aevd t".e,-t Tue,-,ts w\ho throwg- so
" ,a it t'I'e- g ' ey - t 'a)l u i thI1
.:ittiti heroe til il.re, whiil they talkedl j so
o'er their gla,:s of Shcrry. h,
hiut the picturle dil. an tdi d, Is 'er
it I ponhder ;i
And the pot's 'ningit;',1tiall strives inth
vail to ret sto 'e it. I il
Like, -a sld, w:u.,lring sl,irit fromn the at'
ih  ifr o t1,lns of spl at.e, eL
Sproceed t6lu1) room to (4 O (4,1, alld these hbt
e reeoirdSt tliinllVy trant'e" il
HIere is a tr :,v h.i f of Hlistory froam l d dI
8 Vir, , l 's t soil ; d,
Of Poc;alhtfta-. tih l Indian queen, whose
Wo4 th4 -teltrn settl,'er's heart and pre- 1o
S serxed thlt inv'ad14r i life t)
Frem the fierce and pointed warrior's snn
S wr.,th-a captive of the strife. ti.
Here is a&s tray loiterer-a ditu and faded el
t velvet chair
Old bureaus fiill of emptiness; a chest [
of ancientt i ers; ,
t oilehd ant of i clture IlI aes, full of Ii
S -e Iptiii n t airr:
A huge and high-lpost edstead, large s
0 enough for a enll ,rlotls mill : .
A broken liirror, with a splder's fine anld Il
S tissue weh, t
In intricate lines, spurn o'er its rough tl
u1 and fractured edge ; ni
Fl'ragnie: ts of marble maontles rare, thick- 11
I- lv strewn about the floor; d
The guest ehambler carpetless, comfort- tI
e less ; through the open door
d, Looking as heerless and gloomy as Mac- o'
o, pelah's deserted cave ; Ii
While the footfall sounds as sharply in e
v- these dilm and silent rooms t1
As strokes of a heavy hammier on a clear
to and frosty )noon.I4
I think of 1logarth's picture of the end of
S all things earthly,
h; And imnagilnt it lacks buit this to fill up
Id, its conmpleteness. I
ne Retracing my wayward fuootsteps. I go1
out sadly, silenit, I
on From the heavy and dat keued air of this
deserted mansion,
Into the sunlight golden, where the em
co erald trees are waving,
And the joyous birds there thrilling an- t
ch therns are gaily silnging, l
As if this was not, truly could not be a
he liing Dead u ant's Land.
Not far from the mansiou is God's acre of
ig the family,
Closely surrounded by a wall; the tablets t
Its gray and oltlen I
Bearing snch revered, historic names as,
ld, Washington, Randollph,
And others of ftomer times, who made c
;d; them great, illustrious.
'e's Such is a picture, solemn, sad, of War's t
grim desolation, t
lop Connecting the things of the Past with
the living scenes of Now.
of What mattered it to a vandal foe, these
" consecrated halls,
of Around which lingered yet the presence
of honored dead ?
c's Like the rich perfume of flowers around I
the blokeu vabe ?
ces The spirits of former patriots from out
their mouldering graves,
led Brought not power mighty to rebuke the
vandal'is ihon tread ;
an- Yet vengeance, swift, unerring, o'ertook
their mighty host
Sof Where General Lee was battling on Vir
gini as blood-stained soil,
o a With his scarred andt patriot veteransu, a
living wall they stoold.
lty And vindicated his unsullied and pure
ancestral blood,
na- Fighting for the South and Freedom
'gainat oppression's power.
ach Enshrined in each Southron's heart, this
on4; name forever blessed,
the lit compere for our WAsHINoTON-great
and noble R. E. LEaR.
IN HELL. a
p
Paddy's Dream, or Cured of Radi. ri
calism. Y
Willis (Tex.) Enterprise, p
We opened the gate and passed in. u
IHere we nlet the inhabitants of this a
once beautiful but now disgusting °
country. The widows and orphans t
gathered around us and besought us v
with tears in their eyes to hear the °
sad story of their misfortunes. We d
seated ourselves on the ruins of what t
had once been a stately mansion, f
me guide then commanded silence and d
pointing to a heart broken, woe be- t
gone looking old woman, whose face
was all distorted with deep furrows of
care, bid her proceed with her story.
"Think not," says she, "that we are t
the natural offsprings of squalor and t
poverty, for these broad acres that
now streach out before your astonish
ed eyes were once all ours, and those
rubbish covered mounds mark the.
places where once stood peaceful
homes, where at evening we used to
gather around our cheerful firesides
and sing songs, tell stories and offer
up prayers of thanks to him that
showered down his blessings in rich
profusion upon us, but in an evil
hour satan sent his emisaries into tile
world and formed what is called the
Radical or Republican party; and it
is to ,{! oarty that we are indebted
rl is,-- and wretchedps.+
This story so eurageu me unat I arose
n from me seat and hurled the dirty
blackguard of a ballot box from me
and said, "Bejabers it's Paddy the
Irish lad that will have nothing to do
wid the murthering thaves." But me
guide said, "Not so, Paddy, me frier d,
for it is meet and proper that ye
a should deliver the box to the Return
ing Board." She then turned to the
w; idows and orphans and told them to
be of good cheer for the Lord had
heard their cries and had girded
e around the loins of his people (the
d Democrats) the banner of truth, and
soon they will fall upon the miscre
ants and hurl them from power and
restore to you the possessions of your
, fathers. As we walked down the
street me guide said to me, "Think
t, not Paddy that this is the veritihe
hell, for it is only a portioStates I
Southern part of the UBer of years I
e which has been for aje Radical par- I
under the eontro educed by them to
11 ty and has 1tin which very much
a pandeP- that region." We soon
:a reset $ the palace and was ushered
e ro theofice of the Returning Board.
I stepped up to the desk, threw down
the ballot box and called out, "Elec
tion returns!" 1 then turned and be
held his satanic majesty seated on his
throne in all his glor,, clothed in the
skin of the boa constlictor and hold
ing in his hand a crocodile ~ enor
mous size. His throne is made of the
souls of party h ters, ..tuii 'd with ha
the coniSttCenI S  i t it lIit ri itict ticket till
scratchel s. It is covetetd with tsolid so
black Ilathl.r i'nstlta dowel with till
dead imen's teeth adI decorated with lia
the hearts of the chlildren of Wren. At thi
the ftoot of the t11iiroti ate centiipedes, Ith
scot pions and tl oisoooo)s ieptiles of rel
e\'l V diseription feeding ou what has 1t1
1been stolein fromt thle poor. At thie n-l
light of the tliroe' is a tUassive iron lt
Schest tilled with the lpciipleds of mnur- th
deres+, thieves. .,t tihlouits, totbters ex
and drunken gait Itlers. Near the bot- tli
Sto, of this chest is the figure of a sert- in
pent's ead, and out. of his month is- sl
Ssie'ioJtthl a seething tlltis of cota lp- t%
-tioe ; anr1 right shone it ',ritten in ch
I characters of blood are these words,
'IThis is the fountain from whence all lit
t Radical nmensu.riiUY flow. I was just gr
Sturn ing from nTuis scene with indigna- ih
tiottwh ien' I heard the devil's own i
p secretary call out, "More scratherts, lit
vert honor.' At this piece of inifor- Ih(
1 tnation his royal highness seemed to o
take offense, for lie swore and tore etl
1 the flesh from his face like a mad- v
niau. Presently he called to one of hi
Shis attendants and said, "Imp of ti
datknltess, take l'addy thie Irishman, ht
and show hunI tie seve'nth hell. The ri
, one I had prepared especi'ally for A
Denmocrats who scratched their tick- Ii
u ets. I dout want any more of thenm l
to come here if 1 can help it, for their w,
r wails of anguishl excites pity even in tIl
i vy heart w hich is mtade (of adamtiant
111and steeled against compassion." st
"I'lase ver honor Miistet Devil," said hi
I, 'it's Paddy the Irisliman that's not al
gtoing wid yer dirty thafe of an imp, i
" ft',r fear he niight Le after shutting
mie in wid the rest of Ibe crew. The k
s king now arose with his nostrils (l
Ssnioking and his eyes tflashing fire
anid swingingiug an enormous serpent in
- the air he was about to strike nme
down whlen me guide thrust the allib
a powerful staff" in his face and said,
"I)own wid ye Satan, for I ant a
of messenger of time Lord sent to protect '2
me friend Paddy. I)own wid ye, I s,
s ay, ifei the time is not far distant t(
when the sons of the household of a
s' Democracy will fall upon ye and b
le chain ye, and overthrowing yere gov- ti
trnument establish the kingdom of tnme
Lord in the uttermont rpart of the d
M earth." When nie guide had finished ,
this noble sal ing the devil slunk
th away like a shape killing dog. Then I
me guide and meself started for the
se ticket scratcher'. hell. The first
ce three hells we passed had in them
thieves, drunkards and robbers, and
ad had painted over their doors, "Mean !" f
The tnext three had in them murder
tt ers, Radicals and party boltets, and 1
painted over their doors, "Meaner I!" n
he The last one had in it the poor ticket
Sscratchers, and had painted in burning c
letters over its door, "Too mean to
ir- mix with the people of the other hells."
We walked into this last place of tor- r
a ment. Here we saw men of every e
grade, friom the milliinaite to the beg- 1,
ire gar, running, dodging, yelling and
howling like so many starving wolves.
fm One would cry out, "I scratched for t
bhim because lihe was a personal friend," u
another, "He done me a favor," an- t,
)at other, "I did not like his opponent on
the Democratic ticket." I heard
voices that seemed to come from e
above and hiss in the ears of the o
poor devils, "Ye robbed me of me c
Ui. rights, ye took me children's bread, s
ye harbored the thaves while they f
stole from me." All the time the 0
poor devils were wringing their hands 1
in. in helpless despair. We passed out a
anid I asked me guide what all this i
nmeant. She replied, "It means just a
Sthis, the voices ye heard in the air t
us was their consciences accusing themu
le of their sins, and their running and
e dodging is kept up in vain hopes of t
st their being able to hide themselves r
fromt their own ae's. And now, Pad- e
n dy," said she, "As ye hlave seen all C
e the beauties of Demiocracy, and the
ce horrors of Republicanistm, I will con
of duct you to the other side of the dark
y. valley, and when ye reach homne warn I
sre the people of thle tortures that await I
ud ticket scratchers, and tell them of the I
hat beauties and attractions of a country I
whose laws are made and adminis
ise tered by Democrats, and now that we
the have crossed tile valley I must bid
ful you good bye."
to At this moment I awoke, and
des thanks be to God, I found meselfin
ier me bed and knew that I bad been
t afther having a terrible dream. Mie
tch thor Editor, it was Paddy the black
,vil .headed drunken Radical that went to
the slanp, but it was Paddy the gray
thie headed so'ber Dimtocrat that awnrI,
Sit from that sla a,,~q l; ,,o gr.en ye
ted his S ~nce in politics.
ose Some queer Statements.
me New Orleans Democrat.
the Yellow fever visitations and the
do death-rate have not been atffected by
ed, sanitary improvements and vigilance.
ye Nothing approaching to evidence ihas
ro- yet been produced to show that this
the disease has ever originated in,
Sto or has been promoted by, the tpe '
had of sanitary expedients and viqggig Ing
ded It has defied all such ceafe utmost
(the with great virulence wben employ
and care and vigilence jhfy its violence, I
cre- ed to exclude .iEity when all sanita I
and an( sparint1' hadl been neglected ;
our ry pre 'how 'he evidence is patent I
the uhIf whole population that locali
ink tes reeking with filth and imnagined I
Smiasm are comparatively free from I
Itea mortalty, while in the best built and
are iaved portions of the city, where I
ar- none reside except the most cleanIly, I
to well-couditioned of our people, tlhere I
ich is not a square in which there have I
>o been less than eight or ten deaths. I
red Take the squares on Magazine, Camp, I
ird. Carondelet and the intersecting I
wn streets from Poydras to Jackson,
ec where not asingle sanitary precau
be- tion has been neglected, and where
his teeide a people provided with every
the comfort and convenience, with phy
Id- sicians alwaays on hand, and friends
or. and nurses to attend and care for the
the blek-it is in this locality the fever
I;1s1 t(UIIn i it largest IIt 4 I ', -
timiS. (in the other h . , 1
such localities a" those on , ,
I tilthy l lusal ',' i IT r oi l T ' ,
las street above St. l'h ..., :,
the neport of t(, seng':uit ,I r t
that district, we leain tih ;
region, where cvil y sanitfiy :
utte.ly nelectertd by the impov c .-l'i
aird ignorant people wiho tt , -; ,
t he death-rates have not
thlose of tihe tcarshn whein i :' v,
,xqnlpt flothn l ow y \ 'e.r. I !
this police sergeant i liftou: i:i
in one of tle. most emr I dnit n . i .
sluarest, t elp have bhru ,, ,!
twenty casei'f fever r-I'lr! 1 '.
children, arinot a single. ("
It is one the most son (o,',:It "'tl'
liminaries as this disease t;1I:,
great majority of its vici imls at ,,'
the robust, the teL perate; 1. t!
with vigoroui o.eng:ialil.l o, ' '
hlereditary diseases, or -,!
been brougut on by ,tcl i, :'
º o excess. So retnilln~able i. -
culinarity that there ar' n 111111'
who believe thait week c
f hove been invigorated i)y n i' ,,.1:..
the fever, than there are of t, , ,
hbelieve that it spares the i .,- :I ".
vigorous and healthfnlly . t_
Alas ! alas! who of us ca2n, aii 1, I
the Inamles of a large iutu,mI r n1f iiilr
healthiest, most teni peratcl I ;, :
dent friends \%ho have t'n
the tomb within tihe past tlw lv.4i.
and atl equal lnnniher withn w, a'ik cnill
stitutnim ns-lpronie to strollng 1i 11. tntl
I high living-who have been "1,:.,
and are now exulting it Il n l , i'lls
Svigor and health.
The effects of this disea'se :nit ' -
(' known in purif3 itg :and v.wen n "1,
i those who nhan passed thtnnn' It.
Those who are ths acclinnutl, l or
vaccinated are not .y rcnudhti in
petuious to tihe distase in te Iun ,, lil,
but are actually inpros)d and in i
I gorated in their gen:erl he.al', dn1'
a ring the prevalence of he nio t,' nic.
The air which proves so faintl :I Ii
I son to the unacclimated opecritsc+ ; a
ttonic and strengthener to t hel :t n' -
af ted. Tie latter invariantly h;1v,
bd etter health, more vigonr, ;nt !i'l
troubled with the ordln:r'v anilnt 1i;,
Sof the summer season, wIhen the i tli
e demic prevails, than when it is ab
Sselnt.
e l LOUISIANA.
n The Trouble at Waterproof.
SNATCHEZ, MIss., October 17.- The
following account of te he troubles i
STeusas, Parish, La., will appear thi,
" morning in the Natchez Dencnrit :
t We have what we believe to tbe in
g curate information in reference to tn i,
, disturbances in Tensas parish. 'i'T,
rreports which have been .'irculatei ,I ,
Y extensively have been extravatg:ant
Sly exaggerated. On Mnndany l;nt the,.
negroes in large om|beis a)I'! -d
ir through Waterpoof on their way toi a
1 mass meeting some miles above t Itl
" town, and in passing through sIme ,o,
Sthem were very insulting and thleat
o ening in their language. The cintinze
to of Waterproof doubtless had gntt
l cause for apprehension, and a l., m.
11 senger was sent to this city ;n.i:ng
for aid to save the lives andl th, hIn,,r
Sof the vwomen and childen ;nld tlIh
s property of tie town. A min.. tn nr
Sonce assemble a d at the armnry not In
i light infantry and, under the .. .... o
t of tine most prudent men inn n. ..
ir mnity, a company of pesnS to nw
n oumber of about one huinrned . l
I unteered to go to Waterp6of and larni
Si thre truestate of affairs, prepanc. l n
Snecessary, to protect lives an,1 pt'roI"
. erty. Tie steam ferry boat was pr,
I cured and the party left aboutL i'
e o'clock and reached Largent hlaitng
Sabout daybreak. Here a cannon wIv
k fired to announice their appt'o se t,
Stine people of Waterprotf, stens thnte
it miles distance. Several persons frnon
e tihe shore came to tie boat and thin
y pleasing informatiou was obtainrlnn
s. that there was probably no nctd tor
e armed assistance. To thoroughily a
d tisfy themselves, however, tine party
proceeded to Waterproof with their
d boat where they were met by tlne
n authorities of the town, and the ni
n formation received at Largnent w;
. confirmed. At the urgent invitatitn
k of the people of thie town th! p:u I1
to went ashore and were uiniena i.lnie,
'aD during a r Y ,ttn'. I
, :nnued last night at 12 o'clhry ci;tn
e editor of this paper used ev,, the t.
to satisfy himself'in regard tip. .,.
and he found nothing to injd ,e ,n
bo believe that any negro hIn,,uted
killed. Three persons were i' .,
in the house of Fairfax Satur k.jog
ning last, when Capt. Pe'"whon, aru
the upon and killed, tMly woundetd.
by thought to beEe that any oth.ti
e. There is nofdcurred other tIaIn tIe
as conDlictb took place at Fainl;nx's
his Ole.. Thie gin o0 tlie Burin pl'ace,
n), ined by Moss & Wise, was hnn nn It
Sand with it, it is said, some 60 or 7o
bales ofo cotton. When thie parny frnnm
Sthis city arrived and a blanok chanlg~r
Swas fired from a six plunder,
the greatest consternation pIs.nin'ti
among thie negroes in thie p;tliah, ,ttl.
when they found out who coillpost'nl
n the party and fromt whence thley cann',
. they seemed much relievedil, andm
d those wino were seen seemnedt very
n glad to finid they were fronn Nn;tclitz.
d Our conclusion, fromin wliat we nhave
r personally seen, is that whiile thie cnl
tred people of Teusas pat isi an;dl
e some of tie adjoining parishes Ihave
e acted in suich an inpUdent andn tlnre't
Sening mnanlelr' as to .:'e seriou's ap
p, prehensions on tie pat' nf the white
people of tile parish, t has bteni
no probability at any , of a datlu.
. gerous outbreak.
e New Orleans, October i.--March
ry lng onders were not issued to, state
7. troops. Governor Nicholls think it
ie will not be necessary for them to g, ..
ie Waterproof. Reports show that quiet
har lis been restlored there.