JAM. II. COGiWOYE, - . . Editor.
NATCI ITOCHES
SA TIRDATY - - December 9. 1876.
Ad~ertslng linef s.
1xuuItts, 9 F r a
tsar e..* . 4 40 . 5') lI4 nn 4j15 I),' ,2"' I0
9I sgareI).. 7 nn Ill4 fll4 I 04 21) 0)) 2i 4
3 nr 10 (N, 3 fr 440 25 0) 314 0(4
4 49qOnrflM. 141111 Is n i 02 :43) n44 35 44
5 8 1arar 74 24 40 27 044 :15 40 40400
R squar4)R... 2 ))'' 24 444 32 4001 444 4)1 45 (5)
S lros... 2'1n 27 40 3n 0N) 5l 4)0 74) IN)
8 sqaPS. 25 nn 034 '4) 44 0) 554 nn 444 d0 44
1 1)squares... 3() 004 35 144 0fi 57 1 )5
IS saqnaro... 45'' 604 00 70 4)4II0) 044,125 40
all Rq4 1.. A') n 4 n O44 425 44)Il t41 44)
Tran'iiez*94ndlrerti4)4'114C M f1.5!1 per .,nnre of
linn. Hrev1it. tile)t i14.rti4nn Rah srbss
qnent Inenrthen 75 Bente per sqnft?9.
All change's in advertisme llt! to he'
charged Ra if new.
Trnaiient nodllrtisei)lnts mf4t be paid
for in twlvanee.
All bill! with t gnlar mrdvertlsera ren
decred cjluarteril r.
One inch of hol11 hreviir cnrnetittts n
square.
Mnrriage and obitnnry otice)cs ,b'5leyon1 d
theo simple alnonnlcei))))4)t, '.44)41 4tiOi4M or
cards of tlaniks, charged as adlvvrtiovn
mentB.
Rates of Snbscrlption.
One Copy one year.......................$2.00
Obe Copy hi4 mo~lntths.......... . . 1 00
(Payabl Inl advance.)
WIs PAPER IS 01 FILE sWITH
Where Advertllan Contracts can be maud
W. W. SHARP & CO.,
PUBLISHERS' AGENTS,
No. 25 Park Row, .'Yew York,
Are authorized to contract for ad
vertising in our paper.
To Advertisers. wii
We trust our Merchants and other apy
orui
advertisers, will sustain us liberally
during the coming year. The largest ove
cash business in our city is done by the
those who advertise most liberally, to I
as advertising makes business; that, we
no one will deny. Let all our mer
chants and business men come for- of I
ward with liberality, and we can as- is
sure them of good returns for the in
vestment. e
Highest cash prices paid br cotton rig
at McCook & Ero. der
*- ---- the
"The Bourbon pimps of Coushatta" car
is the chaste way the C'tizen has of of
speaking of the white Democrats of
that place. New Orleans Republican
please copy. for
100 sacks of rust-proof oats at Mc- po
Cook & Bro.
fot
We are not Esculapius nor a ties- tol
cendant of that fabled son of Apollo
but would nevertheless recommend a tu
little of the "Leonard salve" to the w(
"sore heads" of Red River parish. H
One of our subscribers informs us
that he is just recovering from the. it
small-pox and will in a few days re- m
new his subscription. Old fellow,
don't mind it. We will send the pa
per and wait for the money. Some lit
people grab for money all their lives, U'
we are of the liberal sort-to a man
who sl just getting over the small-pox in
Fancy scarfs, shllawlsoand cloaks at
MoCook & Bro. g
Clarkson N. Potter, M. C., from P
New York and-Tilden's friend pub- a
lishes in the New York Herald a let
ter in which are embraced his views
upon the situation. In substance Mr.
Potter affirms that the House of Re
presentatives will object to 'the count ii
of South Carolina, Florida and Louis
iana and that In consequence, their
votes will be thrown out or counted
for Tilden. In any event Mr. Tilden
will be declared and sustained as
President.
Since Mr. Potter's letter, which is
suppoed to be an authoritative edict e
of the Democrats North, ` the judicial
press have toned down in their knowl- e
edge of law.
The BEST the market affords and
well served, at Burdick's Boarding t
House. '
The Gerald and &n were frantic
hir ome days that the Republicansn
should mseet and denounce the action
of Grant in the South. As we knew,
not a Republican North has opened
his month either pro or con about the
these outrages nor will they ever do
so. The Democratic party is the only
party that can save liberty, if it re
mains silent now, the Republic is
done.
Call at MoCook &Bro., for every
thing in the Dry Goods and Grocery
line, you will certainly find it there.
"Our country's lyre. are mute." If
the man who wrote that had been liv
ing in the land of Kellogg be would
hiave changed the idea considerably.
Louisanan's Lyre (liar) Kellogg has
been sounding as loudly as brass
cymbals for' four years past. Mate,
be-dashbed.
It is said by some that Kellogg and
the pronrsent radicals of this State
•qeqp Sunday. Well, yes, they do,
and as far as our knowledge extends
they ieep every thing else the can
lay their hands upon.
A SQUARE MEAL FOR FIFTY
CETS at Uurdick's Boarding House
b
The Right of Resistance. in the
We
It is a serious question with us ionsl
whether those persons who edit lead- are v
ing journals, which are supposed to lower
reflect public opinion, properly un Itapp
derstand what a republic is. We ofA
have for a long time been troubled after
with this idea and the late utterances
of such journals as the Herald and we r
the Sun seem to justify our doubts. lt
In a pure democracy, such as ours of
is claimed to be, the sovereign pow- ablii
er is hleld to be vested in the fran- right
chised citizens. A large body of our othel
people held the opinion that this pow- 2d
er was not directly delegated to the ica
National powers, but indirectly, the I
through the representatives of the Unit
people in their local capacities, the 4th
States. But even those who held
such views have never denied that
the PEOPLE were sovereign. Now the thro
Sun and Herald statesmen prealnt a
man
new idea in Republican America and the
which we fail to find enunciated in hith
any work on government we have of i.
been able to find-that "order and
peace" are paramount to human 4t
rights and liberty ; forgetting the out
fact that no peace or order can or of ct
will exist without either ; submission acts
may, grant you, but peace and order, tion
never!
If the sovereign power rests with 5t
the people how can their will as ex- of
pressed by the franchised citizen at of g
the ballot box be overthrown witl Thu
impunity and that pawer be told to mar
submit I The fact of the people re
sisting is not nor can it be made to cell
appear revolution. On the contrary, nat
when individuals, to whom are del
egated certain powers by the people, if I
overstep the prescribed bounds, it is Roi
the delegate that revolts not the sov- lof
ereigo-for the sorereign can never be hod
in rebellion. We hold and on the
hypothesis defy an answer, that the the
whole Republican fabric of this or for
r any other Democratic or mixed gov- lic
ernment rests upon the right of resist- rm
ance. There can be no quibbling
over such fact. For in our own hearts lin
the impulse springs up uncalled for cru
' to resist any encroachment upon what us
w' e know to be our rights.
Lord Brougham says: "The right
of resistance is the foundation, and it get
is of necessity the foundaition of all of
popular and mixed government." The
encroachments of the ruler upon the
n rights of the subject, his ruling in
defiance of law, and trampling upon M
the liberties which the constitution se
cures the people is a full justification m,
)f of resistance to his authority."
And further he says: ha
in "As the people cannot resist by the 9e
form of law because the ruler is sup
. posed to set it at defiance, so he can- ti
not constrain the people by these as
forms when their proceedin gs are d- so
G- together lawless." P:
lo We could quote authority ad libi- sit
a tumrn but this is sufficient for the points W
le we desire to illustrate. The Sun and
Herald admit that the act in count- cn
ing in Hayes is arbitrary fraudulent a
s and revolutionary (the latter we take a
SI isi the fatal admission in their ar
- mor of argument for submission) but o0
W they add that "the people must sub- oi
mit" because peace is paramount to
liberty. Thie deduction is totally
u natural and so revolting to common
o intelligence as to be almost disgust- N
ing. a
at Resistance is the foundation of this
government and when that right and
m power is yielded the government ends,
- and nothing can be better established
than the fact that if the American C
Ssovereign (the people) submit for the
r. sake of quiet to this rude sundering of
the constitution with the hope of
t defeating their delegated rulers in t
1878 or 1880 they are undone. t
i No 1878 or 1880 election morn will
ever come for them-nor should it.
en For we contend that if the people
now submit; now yield the basis of
their government, resistance, they
should be, for the sake of quiet and
Iet aubmnission, centralized as fast as pos
sial ible and bound in one strong gov
ernment under the mailed hand of
some ambitious master with the great
est speed.
and Rome might have existed as a na
ing tionality even until now, had she but
obliterated the mocking forms of her
republic at once instead of parading
ntic them to catch the demagogues of the
ans people for a hundred years after the
tion republic had perished. It was the
ow, corpse of the republic unburied and
ned left to fester the live body of the peo
the ple that destroyed the Roman nation
do ality more than the barbarous Iluns
oly did.
re- Mexico would have been pacific to
ic s day as well as mortal, had her gov
ernment been either a strong despotism
ry- or a pure republic. Tile death of
cery nationalities does not come from the
jere. forms of government, but it is born
of mockeries that hbre no strength or
If power and are but hallow imita
ll,- tion.
ould Nothing is more ridiculous than the
ably. argument of the Herald and 8us
h as aseon the "form of law." Lord
brass Brougham sweeps away all sueach
lute, trash as these journalistic statemen
dish up when he esys, as we have al
and ready quoted, that the "peopie cannot
resist byhe form of law," and how well
also this answers that appeal to the
ballot box in 1878 and 1880.
en The Delegated Power has set at
can defiance the law and the proceedings
had under the "forms of law"
FTY thus far in Louisiana, South Carolina
u ee and Florida "are altogether la&less
in themselves. "
We totally dissent from such opin- Th
ions as those of the lHerald for they resid
are without reason and cannot be fol- Hib n
lowed without serious results to the be us
happiness and welfare of the people ob ti
of America. We make these points
after a careful study of the whole is do
question now at issue, and upon them sor,
we defy refutation. the c
1st. No forms of law are binding or Don
of effect upon a people which would least
abiidge or deprive them of such the I
rights as they can never delegate to chrol
others than themselves. their
241. The sovereign people of Amer- tKer
ica have delegated to S. J. Tilden 2d" 1
the power of chief executive of the TI
United States for the four years after
4th March next. the ]
3d. The present delegated chic ish
magistrate of the sovereign has over- radi
thrown in a violent, revolutionary and,
manner in three States of the Union wan
the expressed will of those sovereigns defe
with a view to the success of a party tic r
of individuals whom ho desires to turn the
over authority to. not
4th. That if the people yield with- hai
out resistance, when all other efforts
of course have failed, to these lawless of (
acts and acquiesce in the inaugura- ous
tion of Hayes, knowing hint to be a dill
usurper, the republic is at an end. mu(
5th. We then contend that our fora crat
of government be changed at once to wli
meet the new order that will exist. othl
That we instantly do away with the
mask of republic to hide a living tun
centralismi. to e
By this means alone can we, as a ton
nation, escape lingering death. If crag
we desire to preserve our nationality; To
if we desire to escape what befell
Rome and is befalling Mexico; if we con
hope to bridge over awful anarchy gut
and chaos-when power rests , ith rul
the strongest tyrant, let us at once I
r tear away the hypocritic veil of the q
form of a Republic when the Repub- cod
lic itself has gone, and build upon the go,
ruins of a century's hopes and glories cia
a strong government of some other fee
kind, and welcome that ruler who will lst
r crush out this form and who will give ags
us substance, be he King or Kaiser. ani
t - ref
"That coat is nice, where did you
get it"? At McCook & Bro., plenty
I of them and cheap! thI
e by
e Breda Running a Parish.
n NATCIIITOCIIES, LA., Nov. 11, '76. pa
° Mr. J. 11. WEEVER, Esq.
Dear Sir-You will please accept a
n my apology for using your name an
without previous consultation for the ne
office of Police Juror to which you i
have been elected by a majority of
ae several hundred. of
- I did not do so to cast any reflec- in;
i- tion or cause others to consider you m,
as one of the Republican party, but I li
offered you as one of the good con
servative young gentlemen of this
Parish and as above all others con- is
i- siderations I took this liberty for
ts which I hope yon have also been
elected constable of your ward, you
d have a perfect right to act in both
Scapacities. Your expenses here when D
nt acting as a police juror will not v
e amonnt to anything. V. A. Barron
will see to that and so will I and we
r- here extend to you the hospitality of a
ut our homes when you come down to oi
b- our place. R
to Very rerpectfully,
Ily J. ERNEST BREDA. ,
on p. S.-Ropublicans have carried thie I
st- National, State, Congressional, Sen- ,n
atorial, Judicial and Parish ticket by i
handsome majorities.
iis Yours &c.,
ud J. E. B. e
ed Try the fresh Texas flour of Mc
an Cook & Bro. e
ihe e
of IMPORTANT,
of It is important that the patrons of i
in the VINDICATOR should remember '
that all subscriptions to the paper
will will expire on the
it. 18T DAY OF JANUARY, 1877,
pe or in about three weeks.
of ' We will issue no paper except to
tey them who pay in advance. This role
we have adopted, and in no instance
will it be deviated from.
ov All persons who desire to renew
of their subscriptions for 1877, will at
once remit.
$2.50 for one year or
1.50 " 6 months.
All papers .will be stopped on the
ing 1st of Januas, except to those who
the pay in advanpe. Let every one gov
he ern himself accordingly.
the Go to McCook & Bro., for fresh
and drugs and medicines.
peot
on The publication of the VINDI
[tns CATOR will be continued in 1877,
under new auspices, To success
to- fully carry out our plans to give
gov- the people an able representative
tien parish journal, we must have their
h of cordial support. The Vindicator
the should have at least one thousand
born subscribers, in this parish, and if
t we can secure the co-operation of
its friends, that number will be
the reached. In future all subscrip.
ule tions must be paid in advance.
Lord In no instance will we deviate
such from this rule,
,men Let each subscriber to the Vin
e al- dicator of 1876, make it his duty.
mnot to renew at once, and to get at
well leastone new subscriber besides,
he for 1877.
We will issue in a few days our
inge prospectus for 1877, and our
lawn friends can in the mean time go to
olina work gettjng up new readers for
less 1877, for the Vindicator.
:Red River "3Sore Head" by t
donei
The Don Quixote of modern times, or on
resides in the parish of Red River.
His name is B. W. Marston, and woe own
be unto the person that dares "tread langO
oi the tail of the coat of that Twitch- what
ell cursed section." The moment it inh
is done Don Marston lowers his vi- pubt
sor, poises his lance, and in the tilt we h
the chances are ten to one that the word
Don is knocked "flat aback." At not
least, the average is decidedly against to th
the Don, so far, and we are pained to
chronicle the fact, that another of just
their unhorsing accidents befell the lng
"Knight" in his "tilt" of December all n
2d, G76. and
The Vindicator in mild language whit
suggested the propriety of treating wish
the Independents, of Red River par- ots.
ish as public enemies, worse than
radicals-Marston rushes to the front tr of
and, with as much noise as a Chinese then
warrior, takes a tilt in honor and lecth
defence of what he calls the domes- lo i
tic affairs of Red River parish." If reseI
the butt end of Marston's lance has d
not unhorsed him, then moen of sense T
have been laughing for no cause. w
We propose to treat the advances iatv
of Quixote Marston in the most seri- of
ous manner, from the fact that he is for
disposed to arrogate to himself so in t
much kt.owlede and so much Demo
cracy, to whi:lh we have no objection,
while at the same time he denounces
others for want of both.
Want of brains may be our misfor- e
tune, and in admitting it we beg also geto
to state that we will not go to Mars- tim
ton to acquire them, but our Demo- te
cracy we leave not to his judgment or
To all of which we beg leave to add, r.
we will not so far forget the common
C courtesies of gentility as to use lan- stri
guage unbecoming the pleasures or
rules of ociot3.
But to the subject of Mr. Marston's
e Quixotic tilt, which we propose to
consider so far as it affects the Dc
me ocracy of this Scnatorial an:l Judi
" cial District, of which we have a per- S
r feet right to treat. Mr. Marston says:
I 1st., That 290 Democrats, willed in
'1 against 209, including Mr. Marston, thi
r. and he further admits that the 209 ele
refused to submit to what other peo ro'
ple than he would term the will of nol
the majority, but which is termed do0
by hint "the party lash." ele
We submit in all candor to an im
partial public, if that be Democracy. l
Mr. Marston submits his claims to Bo
t a Democratic Senatorial Convention, inj
me and thereby assumes the party har- tic
oe ness. This Convention did not con- joi
o sider his claims, which was no fault mi
of Mr. Marston's from his own show- pa
c- ing, and because they did not, he im.- ci
)u mediately assumes an "Independent St
line," and denounces the "party lash." 0
i We submit also to the public if that hl
n- is Democracy 0 o
or Mr. Marston tacitly admits that HE ds
n was defeated by the majority of the v
l Democrats of Red River parish for cl
n Delegate to the Baton Rouge Con- a@
ot vention, and as a candidate for State
n Senator in the 22d Senatorial District,
and adds he, "there is where the dis- t
o organization began in this (Red ci
River) parish."
That is certainly and decidedly i
very cool. This dikorganization of the
he Democracy of Red River, began when aC
majority of the Democrats of that par- .
ish refused to recognize the claims of 7
,Mfr. Marston is all that a just public (
can ever deduce from Mr. Marstou's a
own showing. In other words, Mr.
vc- Marstou in a spirit of unpardonable
egotism, assumes himself and follow
ers, a clear minority of the people, to
be infallible Democrats against whom e
of it were trecson for the majority to I
er vote. That we do no violence to facts 1
er in drawing suech a conclusion, the
very language he uses shows.
Now we beg to submit this also to i
Sthe public for judgment.
We do not know, nor do we care,
so long as Mr. Marseton is anxious
rle we should not, what gratitude the
Uce people of Ied River owe him. But
we will be pardoned for saying that,
new from Mr. Marston's own showing, the
at only "Reform, solid fight he was
willing to make against Radicalism
was to be nuder his banner, and as a
further reason for one thus obtruding
the upon the "domestic concerns of Red
who River," we have but to quote his final
ov- threat. "What does the Coushatta
Democracy want t What does the
resh Vindicator want Would they drive
some of the best men, this or any
other parish has, to the Radical
DI- camp."
.877, That certainly sounds like the lan
egs- guage of a PATRIOT, wChO fiJhts for
give principle, and is alone sufficiept to
i-e condemn Mr. Marston in the eyes of
;hoir men.
Hear him: "What is the so-called
Coushatta Democracy trying to ac
d complish9 What does the Vindica
tfor want I Would they drive some of
a of the best men this or any other parish
Shas, to the Radical camp." (Italice
CP ours.)
e. The "Conshatta-Democracy" can
i ate answer for themselves, what we want
we answer for ourselves by simply
Viy- stating that thie desires of the Vindi
duty cater, and we beg to inform Mr. Mars
t n t that it speaks by authority for
the Democratic white men of this epar
des, ish, have been given to the public
since the first day of its birth to this
aor hour.
our Kellogg and his crew have never
o to yet made one scintilla of capital from
8 for our acts and utterances. ND word of
ours has ever been copiously copied
by their paid press to furnish evi
dence of our desire to acquiese in, Col
or our recognition of, the Kellogg last.
usurpation. We do not brag of our Do
own patriotism, "either by direct p
language or innuendo." Acts are Caro
what make the patriot, to our think- Gran
ing. Our language is open to the
public--we do not change one word E
we have ever uttered, and in all these tenlst
words, in all these acts, not one word, ccdei
not one act can be shown as disloyal been
to the opinions and wishes of a mna
jority of our people. The campaign coun
just ended was not conducted accord- El
ing to our views, but we yielded, as "tall
all men must who claim the respect hush
and confidence of the Democratic shot,
white party of Louisiana, to the drag
wishes of a majority of our co-patri- and
ots. "Dii
When Mr. Marston and his minori- men
t. of 209 "sore-heads" do the same, is a
then he for them, can presume to Rep
lecture the Vindicator and the people, (and
to whom it belongs, and whom it rep. fat.'
resentis, upon its rights as a journal, Sam
and their duties as a people. is el
To sum up "Mr. Marstou's letter" 1
we have this to say, that he should pari
have followed out to the end his ideas dica
of going over to the Radical camp, A
f(r such sore-heads as he remain only thai
in the Democratic party as a fester- quit
ing sore on their body. elec
The Atrican may be "too mach for con
Marston, they are not for us, and when
we, as white men, and men of intelli- pea
gence, are so sunken it? our own es
timation-have so little respect for No
- tl pure white blood that flowgs in
our veins, as to publicly admit, as
Mr. Marston has done, that the "Af- car
rican is too much for us," may God o
strike us dead in the hour.
--- del
Remember that McCook & Bro. and
Shave a complete line of ladies and "bi
gentlemen ware. fie
-- -e--- wh
BY TELEGRAPH.
Special to Vindicator. fltt
New Orleans, Dec. 5.-Board still &
d in secret session. Anderson told me
, this morning that promulgation of
9 electoral vote would be made to-mor
row morning. State and parish vote
If not before one month. Have no go
no
d doubt Board will count in Hayes's thi
electors.
GEO. W. DUPREE. c
New Orleans, Dec. 6.--Returning wj
,o Board promulgated returns this morn- or
, ing. Hayes electors and whole State
c- ticket. Legislature 20 majority on sh
i- joint ballot radical. Four Congress- an
It men counted in for radicals. Dis- hi!
- patches from Florida say, Board de- th
cide in favor of Tilden electors. to
it Stearns, Governor, refusescertifcates.
" Oregon, Grogan Governor, is said to tG
at have commissioned one Tildenf elect- eI
or. Randall Gibson telegraphs me to
IE day Tilden will be elected without h
he votes of doubtful States. People here i
or cheerful. Packard will never be en
i- agurated without a jolly fight.
to G. W. DUPReE.
t New Orleans, Dec. 6.-Board re
1 tured republican electors, State offi
ud cials and four Congressmen. Gib- L
son and Ellie in. Packard's majority hi
ly in our Senatorial district 247. Our
he electors cast 8 votes to day for Tilden.
a Congreasknal committee leave from p
"*Washington Friday night, fifteen
f Democrats and four Republicans.
lic General Nicholls in our address just
n's out counsels peace.
dr. R. E. BURKE. 'J
le New Orleans, Dec. 7, 1876. t
To Vindicator:- Returning Board 1
to elects Hayes electors. Packard and
>m entire Radical State ticket, by from
to thirty hundred to four or five thou
te sand majority. Thirteen thousand
Democratic votes counted out. Four
he Radical Congressmnen returned, Ellis
and Gibson, only Democrats elected.
to Lower House twenty-six Radical ma
jority. Smith, for Congress, has
twelve-hundred majority. Board re
re, fuses to tell what polls are counted
ons out, but it is known that Sabine and
the DeSoto, have been thrown ont entire,
But and one o or more polls in Red River, I
defeating Sandiford and all District
bat, nominees,
the Natchitoches vote is thought to be
as unchanged, so Orleans vote. Hayes'
m electors voted in Senate chamber this
morning. Tilden electors in the
a a House of Representatives; police at
ling tempted to put the latter out, but
Red failed.
Bnal Florida Returning Board gives
Hayes nine hundred majority. South
Carolina Supreme Court recognizes
the Democratic Legislature, and orders
rive the Secretary of State to surrender
any returns to it. Governor of Oregon
a refuses Radical Postmaster electors
ical his certificate. Returning Board still
counting for parish officers.
lan- GEO. W. DUPREE.
pfor --------**,~-
t to The popular Captain Andy Swain,
s of who incloses the card of the Planter's
Reform Line of packets in another
aied column to which we call the particon
ac. lar attention of shippers, states that
dica- these boats are placed here to stay
se of and will not be bought off; that they
arish are to be run for the purpose of ac
alics commodating the public at a fair and
equitable price for freight and with
can their support this line hopes to break
want down a monopoly that has driven a
mply large trade from the Red River car
indi- riere.
iare- Capt Swain who is managing the
for Planter's Line has been at considera
par ble expense in perfecting arrange
ublic ments to meet the wants of shipipers
this and he feels confident of his ability
to give entire satisfaction to them and
eever ask a share of the business. We sin
from cerely trust the Planter's Reform Line
rd of will find full support from our ship
)pied ping public.
News Summary.
Congress ass assembled on Monday
last.
Democratic Representatives were hn
in possession of the Capitol of South
Carolina, and would hold on unless
Grant's bayonets ousted them. for I
Excitement in the North still in- larg
tense over the situation. It is con- TC
ceded on all sides that Mr. Tilden has
been fairly elected President, alnd
that no Returning Board will, or shall
count him out. can
Ellen Pinkscon, the Radical female "atI
oes
"tall swearer," made oath that her
husband was killed, herself outraged,
shot, stabbed, ilt, knocked down and
dragged out, her baby's throat cut, call
and several other things done by the part
"Dimcrats" of Oilaehita. Gentle
men of th.at parish swear that Ellen
is a liar, and a lewd woman, and the
Republicans up North say "'Ellen
(and blazes) Pinkston, you draw it t o
fat."
Sam Randall Esq., of Pennsylvania,
is elected Speaker of the IHouse.
The MansIeld Reporter, Dt Soto
Spitrish, sounds in note with the Vmin
dicator, Nicholls or a Major General.
All the Radical papers now contend
that Congress has no power to in
quire into the mannor of obtiining the
electoral vote of a St ato. Bah ! Such
r contending is all stuff. or 1
° The Herald yells for Grant's im- BI
peachmenut.
Keep cool. So say the people
Noitth, to us of the South. Keep
`cool yourselves. We propose to take
care of our own fig tree; you watch
d your own vine. elk
The Irish World cries out for "In- SI
dependence and Liberty for Iroland," -
a. and zt the same time is doing its
d "bloody best" to help conquer the
ftce whites of :the South. That's
what they call consistency, you know. fr(
Ladies, if you want a cheap, neat
fitting and pretty shoe call at McCook
II & Bro. at
For the past ten days, we have had
r- a full exhibit of the farce of Radical
government. The question is one
o now simply of self- protection, as the
thieving, blackguard, characterless,
cowardly officials canto nothing, nor
will they do anything to protect life
or property. The "To::as boys" who
t took the town last week, brutally
on shot a negro man, breaking his arm,
and not an officer of the law raised
is- his official voice or power to punish
e- the evil doers. Day after day the
town presents a scene sickening to c1
behold-drunken men flourishing pis
to tls and with dononl!ic yell;, threat- l
e- ciing death to any man that "opens tl
o his chops." The olfficers(f) all rush (
nt home,'and are fast locked up in bed
re rooms quaking as if with the ague at o
every yell. And this is but the open- t
ing of tihe reign of anarchy which the
Packard usurpation will surely phJlge
this country into.
re . a
Capt. I)odd of the peerless steamer
ib Lotus,8place.s us under renewed ob
ity ligaitions for late ~tavors.
)ur *_ _
en. Messrs. Suddath, Chambers and
Om Barbee, the enterprising shipping
en merchants of Grand Ecore, have our
us. thanks for files of late city papers.
Mr. E. B. Willis, of ~Rabine county,
STexas, dropped into our offilice during
the week and placed us his debtor on
ard the score of gratitude for full files of
and Western and Northern papers. Mr.
om Willis finds all quiet in New Orleans
and and what is better, all determined.
our --******
llis SAD AND FATAL ACCIDENT.-The
Sdaughter of Mr. J. F. DeVargas, 9
has years ot age, while visiting a neigh
I re- bor's house upon Wednesday last had
ted her dress set on fire and was burned
ed so fatally as to cause death. We
ver, deeply sympathize with the bereaved
trict parents in their sad loss.
yes' GN BURNED.-The steam gin of J:
this C. Cammack, on Red river, caught
the fire on('aturday evening last and with
bits contents, some 40 bales of cotton,
was totally destroyed. Mr. Cam
ives mack's loss is a serious one these hard
outh times. The cause of the Bfire is not
ds known.
Died.
In this city on Monday last at 11
o'clock A. M. JULES DElLIEUX, col
ored, aged about 34 years.
Poor Jules was a good boy, a strong
and consistent Democrat from the day of
his franchise to tho hour of his death and
was followed to the grave by a host of
sympathizing friends.
PLANTER1' R OEFQil LINE.
The commodious Al steamers
K TE
KINNEY. -
J. B. Kinney, Master.
R. W. DUGAN,
A. G. SWAIN, Master.
FANNIE TATUM,
JNo. W. ELWELL, Master.
WIIILL run regularly in the New Or
V leans and Shreveport trade during
the entire season. Particular attention
will be paid to all business entrusted to
their care.
Dec. 9.--3mm. o ,.....
NEW AI)VEIt:'1I'SEMENTSl.
SANTA CLAUS'
has established headquarters at
JOHN RUSCA'S
for I177, where there is displayed a
large assortment of
TOYS AND FANCY CODS,
to Hsit all tastes
CHRISTMAS PRESENTS
can he, fond for old and young ai4
at prieos to s iit the hard timis, Let
overy one who wants to enjoy a
ItAPPY CIIISNAS
call anti t,4 Ct a handsomilu'i prl sersot for
pars nt, child, husbl,an or luh ,r at
JOHN RU-&CA'S
Tlhe KING of thie Car-nval.
J. B. LEWIS
HREVEPORT LA.
Homes for All.
LANDS can be had in quantities of
from 50 to 1000 acres either on s4k
or rent. Thebe land. aire of the
BEST 1dZED RIVER BOTTOM,
undehr a high state of improvement and
ready for settlers.
Lands for Sale as Cheap a.
the Ordinary Rent.
Information furnished: on applicatlo
to this otlice by perscn or letter or sall
cn L. CHARLEVILLE, ESQ., or L. L
SERS, ESQ., Cloutiervillo, La.
Doc 2-1111
Bargains.
II RSES AND MARES, can be bought
fI for Cash, Corn, Boeves or Yoga, rt
front
TWENTY TO SIXTY DOLLARS.
Apply at once to
H. P. ANTILLEY,
at Sompayrao place, opposite the city at
Natchitcches W Dec. 2-1m.
Protect Your Buildings.
Which may be done with one-fourth th
usual expense, by using our
Patent Slate Paint
(Fifteen Years Established.) a:
F MIXED READY FOR USE.
Fire-proof, Water-proof, Durable,
Economical and Ornamental.
A roof may be covered with a very
cheap shingle, and by application of this
s. slate be made to last from 20 to 25 yearn.
Old roofs can be -astched and coated,
looking much better and lasting longer
is than new shingles without the slate, for
One-third the Cost of Re-shingling.
d The expense of slating new shingleS
it only about the cost of simply layinl
1. them The paint is Fire-proof agaitsi
sparks or flying embers, as may be ead
1e ly tested by any one.
It Stops Every Leak
and for tin for iron has no equal, as it
expands by heat, contracts by cold, and *
never cracks nor scales, Roofs coytre re
b- with Tar Sheathing Felt can be made
water-tight at a small expense, and pie
served for many years.
This Slate Paint is
Extremely Cheap.
ur Two gallons will cover a hundred equan_
feet of shingle roof, while on tin, iron,
felt, matched boards, or any smooth sor
face, from two quarts to one gallon aS
y, requirered to 100 square feet of surfsce,
and although the paint has a heavy body
' it is easily applied with a brush.
on
of No Tar is used in this Compositiol
'fr therefore, it neither cracks in Winter,
as nor runs in Summer.
On decayed shingles, it fills up tlh
holes a:d pores, and gves a new s0
stantial roof that t for yest.
'he Curled or warped it brings t
their places, and k em there. It
,9 fills up all holes i, o1t roofs, stops the
b. leaks-and although a slow dryer, mal
does not affect it a few hours after ep
plying. As nearly all paints that p
led black contain Tar, be sure you obdhb
e our genuine article, which (for shingle
roofs) is
Chocolate Color.
when first applied, changing in aboat 5
month to a uniformn slate color, and is,
Sto all intente and purposos Slate. On
ght Tin Roofs
our red color is usually preferred, seU
, coat is equal to five of any ordinary palnt
In- For
ard Brick Walls
not our Bright Red is the only reliable Slate
Paint ever introduced that will effect*
ally prevent dampness from penetrating
and discoloring the plaster.
These paints are also largely unsed
onut-housa and fences, or sa a primAif
11 coat on fine buildings.
col- Our only colors are Chocolate, Ledr
Bright Red, and Orange.
y of New York Cash Price List.
and 5 Gallons, can and box $5
stof 10 " keg
20 " hafbarrel 16 -'
40 " one barrel 300
We have in stock, of our own mana
facture, roofing materials, etc., at the
following low prices:
1000 rolls extra Rubber Roofing, t S
cents per square foot. (Or we will fUr
nish Rubber Roofing, Nails, Cape, an
8 Slate Paint for an entire new rooft, at .
cents ner square foot.)
2000 rolls 2-ply T IRoofing Fel,
at 14 cents per lsquare
3000 rolls 3-ply Tarred Rooting Felt, at
21 cents per square foot.
200 rolls Tarred Sheathing, at I esnt.
per sunare foot.
5000 gallons fno Enamel Paint, mie-
ready tor use, on inside or outside work,
at $2 per gallon, all shades.
1000 Bble late Flour per bbi. $3
1000 " Soapstone Flour " 3
1000 " Grafton Mineral " s
1000 " Metallic Paint, dry " S 00
Special prices per ton or car-load lots.
Or- All orders must be accompanied wit
iring the money, or subject to 30 days draft on
tion well known partiese.
ed to N. Y. SLATE PAINT COMPANY,
I10 & 1 1.t 1Mailen 14i1'. N. Y'