THE Pl, LATFORM.
'The D)ernmocrat~c *e on(servative p'arty of .
the. parish oft Na~ttritoehe, to (ml on"n- ;
lioen ai.''iitei'el, 1n lie.eti p r !1ee till' follouitllig
be lee th'' i e'. 's in lii'e r' ntine:,L : to the' Il
fil:illten't of V'iie:h \we IledIge oir pe'ple
if ealied to 1,ec'tr.
l't. 'The' e('itioti to, ainel (lialii';iti on I01
ji nttie,. of ia!p Itltlc, e'ieei iptrl'lit an! )i11e li
est citizt/n , thor'oet(hly ilnteiheed with
the in dri! interests of nor peri'h. . t
241. A reedcttito of the c'(ec'iiese of til
parish to let thin oue-half of its present ",:t1
parish taxes; 1Hd to that tedl we e1 -matid
the reducrtioni of tee alnd salaries of ot
ficers to the staileard of a fair recnuinera
tioni.
3d. A mainitain ne" aind fostering Of a {rd
rigoroes Pt' LI ( t I1100)L systein for
the benefit awil education of all the chil
drren of the' p:re.ls, unoth white and blecIk.
p th. The full rctogritinci of the rights
of all then, without rigarrd to race, color
or preyvios co(elition, before the' law.
tjth The elametntr t and erefot'rnre'it t
of a Wire colde oft Iaw, tee proitect all la
botring nue'c in their rights, and at the'
*ttir' time tio protect and erncourage the
tapit.ºl inverted in our parish.
14th. WVe p1ledge ourselvces tha:t niot one n
dol ar cof taxes shall be levied to pat 1,e
past ohlig:tions of our parishc for the
reason that the liaw re'uirire that prooff ' e.
Pion to pay, and approprij tionl for e\
p ch!, sll: go hc:1ie in haiic.
Seih eTal :1cc jucst rlein 1 atr e dinre
hli thie parish, hi ll he pai! frrom the rtc-th
lection of taxes that are acre'cli leviedrl
in aicorireance Aithl law, nod ele ' t -
tolle! ctibcl .
All monies ini etl in C!r'I a of aplprO
proitions, and for frarcntletnt purpcese,
we coctetin as ntll atil void, anid we
demand of outr elected off'icials their re
pudciation in tcto; and we furthler p'dege
eireelves, that legal steps shall be takeni
to recover tothe parish 'receasnry all
fradtiulent clacirtes of wit eoecver charma - ('Jhn
et'r, which have been paid by Readiial o ir
oither oflicials 1o anfy perein or peeteretie
whatsoae vr. 11
We arraign the Radiecal Reepnlliuan ,r 1
leaderse of this 1patishe, and itdict the' i cti
at the ar oef public opiniont on the fi- the
Iowiteg iconttt
1st. For the election and elevatlon tio n 1
oflicial position in onr parish, in a instcat
every instaniC", of men totally diulicali- i ti
fled, by reason of their ignorance, or sas
knotwn co'rruptiiton. too
'21d. e' Charge lthm'A witlh iactin,' it! dic th
braced tlhe bench of eourr J tliciel I i4ric't. I
icv thc elevation thereto of a tran who i'll
was, and ia a spe'ulator In the faicn t of the
the State and parish-the mover and in-r ema
st igator of jobbLery and ring., for the i
Sittnder cf' the Tre'asnry, and rhe tinpoce tef
erishment of the ielupe., as witness tho' mec.
''tlap contract;e' the "furidge contract;" Iai
the "panper list ritng," anul e''it"tntnigr la- e'
tioni bu'tre'u scheeiticc."t1
We charge them swith degrading our 1
parish Judicial bench fy f'isting un" o
the lpeople Pcl erish .1J dgees ignerant of t'
lat', devoid f el'rsonal cha raciter, 'venal
atd e'er net t; onte of whoi public opin-t ' toc
ilon ill an eitir'ge'el ccnicuncity fererel 'c
frIom the bihntch for incompet''tency. and `:.
his known acltlilliatiion rid connectione e
with rings and jobbere , and another eel
stands itcliete'e before the (euirts by ti
cemettie'te't tarad J try, for uembezzle' 'V
Inent. inn
We charge thern with appoint ing andrce
contitittitg to position, a 'l'ax Collector pa
whol, WithI a vtenal, line'cipeten't afnd v.il-' l
in eins Police Jury, talso oef theilr plarty. ,
plundered the peoiple and the T'ºi're'asriir
of untold thouscandls-perji'red hits i--l'
in the settlement of his ae'onte t-heap' ea
tei upon us taxation at thl e rate of Citiheli
iaI.'
per cent, and left us a dlt to pay eV al tic or
in artte t to oeur-ninth of the total val
ue oft prccperty in the parish.ti
Wet charge them with t hile itndering
of the School Treasury, throuegh their
Judge', Sen'at'or, and Rl-prsenetative', of (1
thousatits of dol oll rs, thereby deplc rivingi
our chiblre and thosei of ur cede reel
fellow-citizens of thce blenetfit of e idnea
tiein, a ncrie that tedenti trageel cemcii trini
Ith.
W~ee clerncuinem theni fur uav'ittg giv~e'n tre
?eagist rates whesee dcity it wsaee tee pree
tect the citizen, suppress 'r-ire' ti 'i
dicate the' law, tent nher harve lee'en itt
dictee cer coirv itucteel f'ccr inrtlder, Iic't'ft, oei'
pucrplriry'
elite t'repuilclic'titi enprrfy' of the fpari'Lh cIf
Nattchiiteecle'st, ceeonles oeef of' the' toiie -
nieratit, dlucetse' etiend c'eit'rrtit h ely i ent
inewn ii o etr State cer I le $i nr th hta 'e',
by a eey'tc'mtatic jeliitce'ritig rrilc, re'eli'e'e
the 'caltatir ct real atil lee raeiral fete
perty in nitiie ye'ar4-teitr rriillinrr tercai
thiirteenci thoueseatcc cfcllar'e lc'vie'e imie
collected ti-ccitt a receelel' iitimLeevert'ishe'f bLe [
wai' ante ve' cw, trlit'e' hiut i llt ( i
twent-rN- t'c.'Iio.ett w iun el amd
rice't-thre'e elceifare tdoilr d 'cix cc'tta, 'cotrie'
third eel I lie cut ite jci''a'tt i'aliatiect ccl
prccleetN', hectc real fuel letrsectil, ire taxe'es
time a ditet r eet'oevei'n otre liuditcire'l thecci
*tice lt;in7-ravl i'lie Iitlel riiecctc~lul na i that
andicel eofellrs - have' at'rra'cf IItee li tclreu
raee rgaintit the w'hctitIc's-liavo pehittgi' h
treotelc intet eiir midst, arrieteel nice ilei'
fined jiiiiitt'tit cit iz''ttt withliut wc'arraitt
of In'.
We cirarge tire ipb'ltict'nr pearty net
eiig reotlccsih' feet' tll the dcinwt ceti
nritt'cld ir cetl'ur freai4hi, b ri''ee cot the'r
institlic'ice'cy, inccemnce'te'tiiY antI ve'tat ity-1
rf tlirc't cOll icialee, nie we' ehe cetr 'eIir I
gov'e'rtice'tt ccl tlte ic'usb antdc Slate eas
ccicrt aie infmo, aecciei ate nmict def'se'r '
iicg the etlesplcrt ite couid ofi Ieh'mie'e cit' a siti
glee vittuecus nial in ccr ctiitomuntiite'.
W~'e clisceunit encirce till disral i'cti'e'e erf
the pe'ticc e tf flee lalilih, and cioiteouice I
alU istigatcree the''e'.
We\c: cirt emnt, tte evill c'Ienrte e'ie R stit
tieci, a thur eleet itc atic a tfair cccrtet-arid
to that e'n will heclel pei'aeetllehy rc'sspccon
fible to tne cople ef eir parishi tliie
who eontito'l thle elcet ion atre regiatia'
ierce itchitr'y.
Octr ofejec~t ia t'e'ferti, rctrcntihmiett and
re'lie ; hat icy hes'ty and 'teeiocy', we
brirdlens ert th Ite' lce'i', anoe to tlcit. e'nic
we callttlcr ucl e.t'ieti' eent ef Netchi'
tochi'ie, wcitlcirct regarel tic rate, vcelr', coi
prc'viiteelce 'ttlithcrc, tee jcin usna.
We ask lit a trial eC f cc nittiig the'
S!tate citedl letirietf to ocr r ke'e'ei ucg, eee!n if'
geicre (ieve'r't tment, seec'ciity, prct'eecticeit
aritd pcsp'r'ity de ecent ciawtr ccc inii eeve'r
taxed. deplcefeel i tichie'atc'tie' pC
prle', their clii 'e is t'tonr perer with V ac rti
turd iniligraf ieet.
1pecin te aircmtut issee hereit
eenuinc'iatec!, w'e ccwrfielly invtc''j the vie-
eoleeati i of eve'y )etianet anoel'ilc
licani, 'ch'ec is c'at'ttst nuii willing an tltie
crisis eel ictr Stt'e, tee tinitee eith tas in
the great wccrk cif 'et'ortc.
~~ ~ Cant't tem camfde by~ every
agent cv ciy moteeil itt Ite
leein eeite we' turitihi. hut
the se' tilling tic wcctk enem
ens ilIv iaii a theeen colee
larcs a clay rigid itc tlie'
owc~n leei';litieee. hate'n rice eettioe exlelaiin
here'. Iftsiuee'a ielc'e tea t atie licet t'e -.tll'
Woericei iiie leeys a aie girls cie as we'lI Cs
mete'. We will 'trtn ish veic a ccoeuifhe't'
hit fit free. Tlhe lecciti's 'ea nyc letIte'r
Ilhai teiytheitg 'elee. WVt will I tar e'x
Iec'tse cut stetar ting yoet. Pailtie lcre I i'ce'.
Writste nti seem. IFi'trmere atte tiic'd'tcti's.
their steis tice efatghite.'i'5 acid a If e'laseees
ie nteeth od pty icig wucik at I nneit'. ehiecel
write lt irs cued lecruc all ttheeet ltne weerk
at ocmi'. Neew lee flee t ime. I )orc't deflay'.
Addreteiet Thi1'E & (tOe Augiretee Nraicct.
Seeft. Iii.
Jamxes GreniLIB,
Cecicer Jefiersoci and Ainucctt Scwectt
--de'ale'r icn
Ul to~CERIES,,
hlAlii)WAREc
AND GENERAL 31ERCHANDISE
p' Bar:J n othrs t 'A1 eet
NATC HITOCHES malaria
WAT~nsownsa as
HIGH SCHOOL
--Oo-
1l Iniling is complet'd and will be
ý,ptrll-d V 'r tile rtc'1"tpItion of pupils, on
I B it~il~
MON.NIt.1Y. 3d day of APRIL next.
C(e'lsi. to be of thrie graelas. r
i-t 1.1 --nti'- t yii spallintht. Ih :uilirig. W ri- -
titg inji fir-'t ruls fit irithutu'tic.
ýl:dl niltit 1't lil , with Hilsto (. G
0ýýagiah.. t a:;tl Aritmll rntlic'. I.- alf
(fl eti,. tEntli e h turtu xit i Ith!u-ierx iea
E1rci·e il Dolcu tiwn and Comptoti
'id Ii ihir cor IUtivi r-itt Atrithnictic.
a iacii'I tll Math e fa t i -4. Natural ;lutl
Mioral I'iil tc ss i 1 tha' Aetciii it 'riti'
oAw;ay . (Latin and (mreek.) itst-llt
Sioii0
in the
T1'eition, for First ('1:a-4, per raanth $3.o) ,lainu
A. . i4, cc.,,t: a. .1 Ilia Itr
,1 1 'l'irid ' N ' ".1I iota-ri
'' W 5. lit t itir
(Payablel. miontthly.)
JI carl ctan hi' haci in the city with Hiatl
iat rtat' ftntlira, frnci $1) to J 1a'' i-W N
uuanti,.i
W. C. ACK, f
March 2; -tf. rin ipal. r i
[ Y CGet yotr printing dtone at TI
the VI1Nllt'ATOi Job Oftice. Iheral
1ii'r
111i8rrt
.LD OATS. II t
I" part y
nael·1ri
PROSPECTUS FOR 1P76. RUccn
i Ipliia
liRiil1
- 'rhampion AInrinin Comic Iapcr! rit
` FA
Inve
flltstratod hrb corpso if the h'est Arneri- s
I n artistf, and cotritceia d to h- ihi- i-re,
tost 1cpeliar humuioriste anMad 4etI-isNt at finail
the ta-. them
Wild flats now enterq mnrrecesflly np- Flau
1on the Nith vtanr of it! existetire, atnl ing
it has hea'crne rt hee ctatli hid hIumorons an Calie
S.ttiricil litleir of the eonritry. It was A
er started and coitinned the first year as a v
imopnthly, then, to ratisfy the dal-tandl of aid
athi' ptl ic, it was rhangid to a ft rtiight- .
'iv. still continuiiiing its gneeed work of re
"I hitting folly as it fliii, and ihewing p pres
the eeli tiea l ant iorialetd statfln bey it, cIntl
tiea-ttrly rartaknt anal piingr l't e4ito ritls, cIlm
it at ;chit vr even greattr sineirei thain 1)Ia
tbefiere, and wats reMcognietd as the alale.t
t', and brighttst of its ctlas. ic the we'
Lav' vie cItlad atill further tol' th phlic hA
aiea'ni d, and now publish Wild Oats
weekly ! It has literally groewu into its;ea
n4r prei'tt shalw* on its tiltrutiti min rit. h,- itt
" ins; the first neceeesful weekly hitnoerous Wl
i epar' evear ipublished in this ciountry. tli
ai Amoang the artists respaaially rnl~gagei th
to furnisIi illustretieeni- for Wil' Oasts are 1',
re frank alI law, 'l'hoinae Worth Hlipkins,t
I1\ wales, Sheltcon, iWolf, Jeulnp, Keettels e.
t" stiikhardit, D)ay, Pelacnd, anId several oti
cer ,thers who ar'e yet known to tamt'. Aii
at In its litirarv diepartini'ts Wild Oat" Age
I will, as it al ays has, 'It tial x101te' anil tie
rl enapproat hatila'. At letaat otne first-c(las lear
seirial story will always he feound in its n 1't
Spagesii, by the best b Iieltitrounts, Satiriu- cal. f'at
ite1 stlutar:tletar writare in that sed 4'w"
't atatet; a hile its skat his atnil aqttilcs A
r 7. w,'iti he' spat rklintii, origitl aiand paiir- - e
Wihi Otts will hie fir-t-class in evi'ry N.
1l'. particelar, and on this tiae itt slay ha
'lt takei into the heehst taniiiti wxithtut fear
al or suspieion, at no word or illustratiaon
w- ,ill appar that can otThnd the muost. fat
titlieot-.
ai 8"'M Senil for a Sample ('opy and
of ' Cont)itnce Yourselves.
e SLI S CIIC' TION PRI('E:
"a One. Year................... 1i 00
i- Six Meatths.................... 2 00 (
'Tltree Miontlia................... 1 0)
r- Sitigle Copies.....10 n
it. Attv p'f-ereon eendici tig n elu of live
tei , ritere fair one yctar will rcce'ivai a l
tof Aalira'ai.
i- COLLINS & SMAI.L. eel
cilia Pitllisliors, 11:1 k'tlttei St 'it, N. Y. tat
ae- EVERY LA)Y STIOULD TAKE IT.
tll ft
LtI)\'S 1't1IX .il
1. 1e "lE SON' itt
atiat l I 'l.\
ache' ti
II ofa THIE CIEAPES' T AND) BEST IN at
Ilihat TIlE WVORLD.
areilat
est Postage Pre-Paid on all Subscrilpioitw. tItt
as '[hiti p-puiitltir MIontlily Ma:gazinue gie Sc
lent- itiara' fer thii utteity thtoi aity ini thti
tihc wairla. Fair 197tm, it will ce' gre-itlI no
liir leagie. Fato rta-t-tt :'tjl (Inie l tia eal lilatos, ttu
'I wal vi (caltorel It'll i f Pat t rts, Tlw alvae t
Matrii tcitih Caai'Cet IFasLhitAns, NicO '- i i
siti- diei Wtid et-i, Txweity-laur S at'
Mtut-it' All this will aige iveIn fur etlx'
,sof TIwo I olltars a yearti, l e-ttga' prpi Ice i
m th' pubeitahieir cci a iollitr icias thliti Mtig- a
czite thu class ' -tI l'taltitiro.' Its
-tr'a- TlI~iIlLING TALEIS AND) NOv.
JnIJETIES
stj'a. Are tlie beitt pnlaliubcliral anywhire. All
tlii'iiua't- p plet ailti wrifeis ttar a'iilliaya't
a cid tic iit i reigi ill "Pa-f tir it ." Ii 1 .c1, ta
-,we in tatlititat tie tho usual tqitattity' ac ht 'diti
tlta' atoitit. Fi 'a Otigi ttutl Cp-cright Novel - I
ed a'et ie llt xiiih ee' givoti liv Msit. Ann S. Sta'
tcfii- heli-ts, lFratik 1,a' lituitelitt, ,Jtttt C. Ati a'
', or tue Mt'i'ira'ttI a i [alle'y 'atiti Dtttii'y "enit titer. I
tue 1A31lMO1IT COL)OiED) FASHION 1
teal it PLATi'ES
cxIv - Ahtetef till citeit. thcs lelates art
p eo- n raittvi-a cii stettl. 'lwiea' ia ethe tittl tielt,
i-iin t ltar-iei i'tual fir luatuuity. Th'liu'
cieill te st rli ciltri. Alsac IHtiise
ri teitl i'-oh rci-ipet"; hi sht, x-try
i~co-- tliinig iiteri-iast itug to laclites.
this
is ii 1SI'lERII PREM IUM ENCGRAVING
TIce ei'xat'v titer gi -ttiftuz lip a-itg ltat the
VC'iirfia fh e llatxiitg i-lola-i o t ici . i- will Icc Mi-ft
I thU gintif , i c it cfio r th aw ta i t atiItli
flt i'citi n r ig. tuuzia t1 ela Iit intl bca ylle i
:hilai Mcinia tehei, lii -N it deliayblit Mtainiti'i
II tis will ice sotit iii tielitoia.
r ax- FElRMS (Always in Ada~x~nc') $2.01)
a YEAR.
iPettta Ia gie Prepticl icy fit' Ptublisiher.
wairk '2 Cojeies for................ :1 Cl
le'di. 8 , "............(10(0
i, 9 " ii.......... 114 00
12 "."........... 118 00
-Postageec Pr'paiiie on thu Cluie with a
e'apy aet the ictja-ner mn-czzotitnt (21ldfi)
E,"WVashiiigtoni's Fir-it Iiitd'rvi' ew ithi Hi
Wik" ta) the poisont gettiiig up the
I- Piccatage Prepaiti on the C1li, with hoth
e'xtrii copy' cf thea Mtugaiinea anie the'
ilteT ' iit w N it i ils \'iti', to thle er
sou getting up the Club.
Addres+, post-pai.
CHAR11zLE:S J. PE:T: Ri)SO\,
3lii Chllesnut trecet, Pa.
'ar- sla timecns sent gratis if written
for.
THE BEST PAPER. TRY IT.
10'
pOSTrAGE FREE. 1®
IBeautifully Illustrated.
'IThe SC('IENTIFIC AMERICAN now in
its :Ithii year, enjoys the w idett tiiehula'
tion of aii' we'tkl\ nretwsslil'r of the kind
in the world. A ineiw volu 10 couleiuenies
iJanuary 4, i,7:.
its cIontent eit m brace thet liatet anid roust
interesting information pirtailiing to the
Ihubstrial, M''eh'nii'al, anrd Sc('ietntifiC l'ro.
re'. ol the Wrlil r !'; 1r1 i tioirs, with
lb arrtiful En1irat viing',ii New Iivi'nttittrns,
Niw P'rtces, s, ' and l liii Irvel Irtlltsttit
uf all kirlnds; I'fnl Nyte.s, Retiljt". r* "
gtLtia itail Advi'ei, by Pr'n'tical Writers.
tir etrkntie'n and Eiplttyer' hin all theIic
\jitrioua arty.
t 'he SC'IENTIFIC AMERICAN is tlhe'
chllnl'a t andI hbet illlutratedt we'tkly t:ia
Irr publishrd. Every nmnhetr contains
from 10 to i5 original engravinga of new
lntu'linchnrv antd novel inventionM.
E NUT I IAV l \ (I, illu'stri:ting Improve
unitt, )iovt' i's, d ii p int anr Works,
pIertaining to ('ivil and Metlhanirai Engi
neetring, Milling. Miningii and Mtallhrgy
Rt'rdtls of tlthe latest pr tgri'+s in the Atp
plietionlt of Stearn. Stearn Engineering,
Hiliways. ship .lurlilinig. Navigation.
'I'Telerriphy, Tieltgrath E:nrgi neering, Ele
tricit., Magnetismnt, Light anid Hlitt.
FARMERS, Mcihaniew, Engineers.
Inventors, Manufa cTurrrM. Chrrmti.sts, I.ov
trs of SMtence', Triehrr, ('lrtrgymt n, Law
Svert. anti P'ophtl't of all Pirottitions, will
' tinld the t'IEN ritfiC Anmxic'.+n nsrtf'l to,
them. It should have a pltue' in re'ry
- Familvy, Library, tndy,ottire, and Cont
1 ing Ritom ; in every Readiing Room,
1 College, Acadtemy or Silthool.
S A vyear's nuirnlers cointaimn M12 pamiemi and
a irsvn. HrL rsonsK ENt.kavruIv t Thou
1 saends of vol t'm are perorted for bind
iiing and ref'renee. 'The practica'l receipts
tf are well worth ten timeits the rsilt'ription -
t price. Terms $'1t'.) a yr:t hby madil. in
'hcdlluing potage'. )1isc ''nit to ('lihbs Spe
int ins a( lt tiree. May hte had ul all News nt
tl [baleri+.
P T NTS In ron-etion with
it. I rri O" tthrt ~i CIE'rtvec:
it' S I T I t
s AeHICAN. Me'rs Mr'! % (t Co. are
Stdlictors of Arnuri'an anid Freignr Patents,
rntd have thelrrg''.t evtihltsh rnt in the
swortld Mtore than tiltV tihoutttnrd rapplie.i: 0I
ltiions have beeI madeiu for jpat.'uts through
edtheir agency..1
tre Patents are obtainred on the lu6t tirinls
Ir Models of Netw invetntio'n aend sketches
1i' exmrritined and adtvice trees. A special
clnotice is math- in the `rienltific Ametriran
of all Inventions Pattented' throrugh this
ts Agenricy, witthrhe hrunte and r'iierni of'
rid the Patent'e. Patents are ofti it sold ill
.s }art or whale, to eer ottis attracted tt t the
its nvention uch nitie. Snd for
a1 Panmphlet. I i' paget, lawv' and full di- v*
ýd ret atisn fior obtatintin, Patenlts.
IA tlrt s for the Paiet'r, or eonre'rning
tPa iiri'S, Mrt &.i t Co., :17 P.rk iuow
N. Y. Bratch dicit, o"º. i x6l ;.1 Stu.
\t, Walhintitn. 1) U
:at J any 153--t
ion - I
i- JOUiNAL OFP
`ntl rl11CE[LT jL M F.Il.1 iE.
Cit
nA Weekly for Farm, Or- 1""
00 chard and Flamily Circle.
) ---*
'lhe 'Vt'tklv .Jtirnrl anti IFarm'r.r La4 a
1!) eini'titrtliatiiont oflit' mrnthlv ~Jttirral itt
fla' Agritil t ire arid t he Week lv M katturi
Sa"iri'r, is niiW the' gr'at'st hailing poliu
helr 1"rti aid Fireside paper of tire
South~west.
It hlltrrteni trit ' re c'timtlXiit' arwil abl'
etlitt'i. T nrigi' a ading featri.
f. Intl tlti' il'lt;irtrii'tit is uilwaa'Yrs toll if
itt t lie I rdir. flt' Itlait's arit ht'rrd (
thlr'itighL the tlcrlrretlt'um t'tttetl tli thitir i
fi'i'i'sts, rnirti mitaniy nitsi et f itt htshhlttsht
E tt lity a' cii glut1 ritvice' t':, hit i'l'rurt'
liv hoist' aa'ii wish to lti''itmli of'irtimntts '
in thIrtir Ihouri'ws rirni b' their tir't'siles.
AtI t'lisses will lie unttrioted bty riatli tg
thi' ltoirna itt Agrihiltur anit t lareii'r',
I N rind no thunrr lxslitnltolld lie wv itlihitut it. Its
£
MARKI'T REPORTS
art' nrnpllete. anthrientic arind rrlidiile. antI -
ahlrie tit git its mriikets, 'rcsli anti relia- r
blii ea'el' week'. L
i Send for it Read it ! Take its ad
tht vice, n1t1 it will p'y yttt.
sarit Mont airi wutii'!t lttys rurii girls, olti
tits, toil yitnig. give tilt .litniiial of' Agrii'rl
'lvi' t lilt aitu 1"ucirir a tr'ial li'tirnt' year,
[Ind rr-oi see it' atir have niot maidilt a gittd iii
i's of a istiwurri t. It is a large a jiage, 4· ctlluriri
i tl ' lv Ne sp l ri nti is trio froi tileitt1i todl
4Ire- ant nl'tig irls ilisi'tsonii iis, :aIn its chiast'
ts arol aa't'll wa'rit tin pagIs irtalt's it a tail
'iiit a'isitirr ii thlittsiril ut' hititsi uohlts
iiin gie nreat Mississiippi V'alley.
('Cb :I l agirits awant 'i, tt wHa m li&'i'ral
teites will lii gi atn. itiu wan t 'agiits
All ri evely tiiwni arid aill age'.
ttyi't Setit U I' 5spii'ilri'i t'thry fri'e, ann we
1S'', risk that attn Sedtll ri tlih' hanom's of a'our
slhovt t''t'ilnd, (1 that we rriay isllt tho dilpe
>viol-t cin n o i
St' Sutlist'riti n irice. $2.00 per anononm;
Auti ' lidis itt'f S or mnorti, $1 .51 ' cnih. 1o'tiifage,
. ttnr. 15 tints iiutst iii sint I with ai ir in iait,
aIN nS Wt' w l ''preay every papir senlt utit.
Addrtl ess
CHEW, CORDELL & CO.,
a art' '311) North Sixth Street,
Ith' Et. Louia, Mo.
H~ist -
WHITE WA TlER WAOGOV
NG!
ridnin
ill -e
FOR FARM, PLANTATION AND FREIGHT.
ALSO SPRING AND DEMOCRAT WAGONS.
Where we have no Aqents
t2.t we will sell direct to pcartics
desirinq thc'mn. Price and
descriition furnishle'l on ap
ier. plication. The Whi ewater
costs a trifle more thanordi
: 61) nary waqons, but is the
4 1 cheapest in the long run.
II 01) SEMPLE, BI QE&Co.
14 o0 13JJOLTH /dMAI ST., ST. LOUIS.
Parties writinq u'·, w'llI
1t 00 pleas'3 mention in whlrat pa
;ith a per they read our advertise
lx'Li) rnent, as we w:sh to give
I lHia credit where it is due.
It the -- -- - - -
['i Get your JOB P'RISTIS:G
Ii hoth '
nl fit'' dthe net the VI'XICATOR Office.
Atte llli011k! TOl 'S
Attentionl Voters!
tli
'III
The office of Registration will be open at the fol
lowing places for the revision of the Registry in this
Parish on the following dates:
Ward 12-Natchlitochles Aug. 28th to Sept. 2d.9S
o 9-Eiiie lost, Se1pteinber 4th & 5th.
S 1-Cl-outierville, tlh & 7th. II
a' 1'
t 11I-Carol Jones' " t th & 11th.
" 12-Natclitoches, " 12th to I6th.
i 2-L. G. Barron's, " 18th & 19th.
I 4-Carnpte 20th to 22d. F
3- Irappe's Bluff, " 23d.
3-Broadwclls Store. " 25th. tI
a 3-R. W. Flenuning's, " 2Lth.
'< 5-Allen 27th.
" 5-Bcullah Church, " 28th.
" 3-WV. A. Ponder's 29th.
9 6-J. J. Martin's " 30th.
7 -Bayou ldes nMules (Cedron church) October 2d & 3d. (
" 8-Jas. Beasley. " ,th & 6th.
S 12-Natchitoches, " 9th to 28th.
Voters are notified to bring their old papers that
}they may be verified and if necessary corrected.
B. K. RUSS,
Supervisor, Parish of Natchitoches.
Let every voter see that his nruaie is properly spelled and written ; that the
nullber on his Registration paper corresponds with that on the Registration IBook
º Every person who has arrived at the age of 21 since last election, or who has
: moved into the parish since that time, must Register now.
Let every patriotic white man in our parish Register without fail. It is the
onl ay yto out vote and dlefeat the thieves in po.wer. Let every ward be up
and doing-the 'brave and patriotic to cheer the tilmid, and all to work together.
Once more to the puolls my countrymen, and victory is ours.
{ C. F. DRANGUET,
SChairman, Democratic Central Committee, Parish
of Natchitoches.
ALL PAPERS QUOTE FMO IT I
TIEI
Detroit Free Press.
'The liveliest of famrily nr-wepapvrs, full
of iItitr tin'r n1wC, literatire, bhnio r U
Mkt tchre, spiey paraznr:Iph, etc. Sample
Copites frue. $Iiubcriptioun i2 () a year,
Ibot-})aid. Addir, '
LET rRUlT FREiE P1'RE4.
Detroit. Mich.
THE DUBOIS PATENT
(Improved Fiange-Rib)
ti
COTTON OGIN.
ti
The Highest Premiums at the State Faire at 'I
Bouston, Texas; Jack sun, dies., and Schua Ala. 6
Cetton.Presss and Ilorse-Poweres. I
Parties answering this, please state in what T
paper they readit. i
LEaIPLE, BIRGE & CO.,
AgricultlTal Implemente & ardware Spccsialtieq 1
13 South la 8st.. ST. LOUIS.
EYERY FARMER HIS OWN MILLER.
CHALLENGE FEED MILLS
AID
Combined
SHELLER AND GRINDER
Will Grind any kind of
Feed, whether wetordry,
with ease and epeed, and
without heating.
SW" AU
Osage Corn and Cob Mills. -
For Description and Prices address
SEMPLE, BIRGE & CO0.,
hannfactnrers Agricultnral Impleoments and 8pa
cialties in Uardware,
13 Roath Main St., ST. LOUIS.
SgPloeao mention in what paper you readthi
CLARK'S PATENT
POST HOLE AUGER.
Points of superiority
over the old style It
will bore faster in all
conditions of soil, will
bore through Boddy,
Booty, or Trashy
ground without the
help of any other
tool, can be used to
enlarge a holealready
bored.
bizes made for Post
Holes, Hed e Plants
Grape a Staes, and
Hop Poles.
MANUIACTURED BY
SEMPLE, BIRSE & 00.,
ADRTTCLTrLAL IXPTE
lYEST'S AND ITAD11WARE
SPErCIALTIES,
13 S. Ma!n St., St Louis.
S Part es answering tihs ad Lor
tisemedltit, pheaese eate in w
piper they read it.
SOiRGHUM MACHINERIY,
CANE MILLS,
EVAPORATING
PANS,
FURNACES.
Pamphlets
and Prices sent to parties
applying, who will please
mention in what paper they
saw this advertisement.
o Semple, Birge & Co..
T1? ROUTil 1lAM' 87,, · LT I
the naiv he l f`do thej lo er
tDr.s J. Walkor' Califo i te d le
`rorinega Biter arc a prel Veg-raced w
o II
table prepation, made chiely froe , lli
th nhative herb found on the lower* e
ranel ces of the SierraINevada n ofllT
tains of Caior nswria, thet tmediia to
therefromo without the use of sAlco . ,
The quetiont ieoes almst hdailyh asked, r
"watri the craus bofl therllerar rn a n
alleed scces ofVINEAR IT- am
lift -riving principle, a perfect Helno
iaorad l uvigorator of the system. vaIma1º
/4U/b~ .(LI
N ever before in the history of the world h
has a medicine been compounded pos- ti
;1 ~'I
-~1111
seising the remarkable qualities of Vis
SODr. J.i as in healing the sick of wi
every disease an is heir to. They are ahr
etable p~repara~tioin, made chiefly fr~m' A\rt
tae ngentile hrie as well as a Tonic, hel
relieving Congestion or Ienfla ntioun- of
the Liver and Visceral Organs, medicinious In
I1:1eases, hln
'The properties of hich are eWActed
ERs8 VINh'(AR I1ITTRsare Aperient. Dia- all
phreticf. Carmitout the use of loholus. Laxa- i'
tie iuretio is edalost iveCounter-Irrid, I
Whallt is theo caulse of the uInpar' I1(;
alleled sttctcss of ViNEGaR ]hrT- H1111
lERS ?" J Our' answer is, that theyp III
rudoveri tlterativus of disease, anAnti-Bilious.
fIle atIie~li recovers his health. Thy cJ-Ii
WIL tLIAMS' MOWERicr and a cii
lif~-gving jinc~ipl, a p1rfect Reno
tr
I II
Vrntlr Slnd I uiig~rntor 01 thO Py't~rn. Illi
-Never b~efore in the history of the world I.1.
"'11
The onl Twombheeed, Centre Cot,
bnR a meniie bpeen corldne madd por. tiv
sess~ing thle remnarkable qua8lities of VIN
SOAR h1ITTERS in healing the sick o~f wri
eer disea uan iA heiral to. Ther. For p
a genertle l'llrndpies as dell as a s Tnic, i 811
SEMPLE, BIRGE & CO.,
liei13 South Main Street, St. Louis, lflIIil f
h d please staterl Oran, in iliwhat paper you read thi
FLORAL GUIDE
e poetis of 1876. AT
ers P IS ITHTIR QU ARTERLYint. DiJANA
U I) r Numib,"r just is,-uº"d, and conainls
Sovrer 10 Clngins, i Nutritioun. Ladesa- crip
t 1,111 of 111(1'1 1hal .500 of o~ur pett 1.low1
rrxataHl I iqt ablles, with direction; for e-ul
Stulorie. Colored Platie, etc. The ti- st ilo se. i
Ifil and elegant work of the kind in the
world. Only2?3 cents for the year. P'ub
wlist wl in lEnglishl and G;eriman.
)j ltdl ess, JAM ES VI('K.
.Ian. 1) -ly. Rochester, N. Y.
WN LLIMW MOR TRIBRNER
llii
.s.$1.0 Wekl,$i
Ei
The out Trwonbeeled, Ceantre Curt,
Cbuen~ peed Malclac! niade. and mir
thls reason wtupredr to nIlI othciu. roi p
deScrimtofln mod pries. address
rSEMPLIE, InRclubGE &f Cto ,
o1l South ain Street, St. LoAis,
r And plenae stao in what p~aper you read tbil.
FLORALC GUIDE
F' E~r 1876.
lll '1 1.b Tr E Ti' illl l 1
NEW YORK TRIBUNE!
flhe Leadijig American %CVSpnaper.c
es POSTAG;E FREE TO Thll; Sl'HSCIl
Spn~'eiim'n ('EIicYlSlilcd adve'rtising~ rates'
fri't'. V4.'i]{!', in e11lbs E~:lf'3 II 11100IO'',
'VILE~.Ol1"s~b' I''it·~1l'UIIINI
Snew YTtrrk.
AR1'THUlR' ILLUr'R'AryD QOU
The
HOME MAGAZINE a9w
FOR 18176. E
TA~i
aeda
Dear
Bright, cherfuli, progressive, always up way
to the t varciiui thought of the utmes. Watei
The ila k .Ma1a3Lirne takes r;iuk with the aa
i 4g and mint intinential peritodicals
of the &LVy It is on slit side of 0 etupcr
ai-ed and true ehriktiani raorlality. What - 1R
neivr iii hutilIL it co)demnsli without and
far ' or favor, arild makes it.elf felt is ho th b
h1o1es of the I euple as a piwer for goil. li6i
e Greatir I[ouseih1d Magtainre of
Amrruicri, iY noire thoroghlly idenitit'tl
ithi the prople! in their hoin, andri so
eial lite abn any otheur periodical in the1
country. SIrr
'kilui'ah ¶,rman; her work and hir
reward." A new serial story bvy T'. S.
Arthir will he courrreunced iu Janruary.
-FIFTY YEARS AGO; ir the calbins
of the west," by Rosella Rice. We an
pounce this new series of articles with
real peasorei. knowing as we ido that it
will he anion the moit attractive that
we shall otier our re.lers next year. T
Miss Rice, lhesilles holiing the prn of r a
ready writer has iin her possssioni a large A
aninoinnt of original material tfrii which I
to draw. and a wide nctuain;toance with .1
people whose personal reuni iiscence are *
rich with pioneer incideults and experi
elice9.
"lom101s for the I'eople,'" a serivi- of ad
inrably suggestive articli on honky and
how to make theta pleasant and attra
tive, hy Mrs. E. it. I)uthy.
IliTe Story Tieller." This department VER
f will be unusually rich. lBbidesl au' i s
1abunldance of short stories, two or three s14oll
serials will te given during the year. o1
"Pipsissiway" Potts the iiniitable de- soe
a I neator of hione lift, aind chalnirter, w ill r
hIave an article in every numnber. Act
I tutterick's newest ipatterns for ladies' ies
andn chijlrens' dresses are given by tpe- the
. ciail :Irangemnenit every month. pr
The Moti hers' I)epart ment will te care- di
fully editedI arnd have sranggestive airticles an,
- for(ul our best and most expneriei edl ei- c
wil
t 'Tt"'. the
lThe oInusilkeepeirs' I)epartnlient will ie oý
full :1d practical, and contain many crn- vj
tributions front experienced hoiseket p- t
i't'san
m iote H e n er ,"V; t g s. O n e o f th ose ispl e i t oU
free to t'very Subscriber. J
50 a year is the price of AwRlT!''S r
ILIS'l'ItA'T'E1) HNOME MA(GAZINE. bt
e1
In clubis ; ' copies for 1 ; rt and one ex- b
era to the getter up of Ith 'loih E12. 1 w
and one extra -$2U. f 5 f1 cents ntrist at
ii idiled to each subseription for pre- a
piayrninit f piestago Ior the year. Spn- p
Di- !ri1ri ri in mi Ich-rs 15 centits, in currerucy or
oi postaige stamps.
T. S. ARTHUiR & SON,
Philadelphin. Pa.
I Burdick's National
- HAY d FEED CUTTER,
Will Cut more, in a given time, with less power
than any Cutter in the market,
A bar of iron may be I
run into this Uaehino
When In full motion, and
we will warrant nothing t
t'A ;ndrse to occur than a
111'- I
small dent in the kaith.
1r- Recommended by the St reet Railway companies
eril- of St. Louis and Louisv-lo.
is,. For description and prices address
i SEMPLE, BIRGE & CO.,
Manufacturers Agrickcural Implements and Bpe.
cia'ties in Hiardware,
13 South Mauin lt., St. Lelis.
- Please mention in what paper you read this,
I3eavis c Iadoxi
Q (ii c. F 1'RPIITI'S I if* the ('.I 1Irat d
aie warraiili di 4ricfllv a purr qf( iHl MAS[
\'IIJt;I(' . ma~de on the old pbuin uf I~ii~:1I,u.
tioi, andl Tar? uiirnlaV :evuunui iiu~I (furM
UI(fif I IPIP IS. tdurv solicited sand
Iromuiut1N fiflut fruom \\Vuurutiuusu'
No. ,.)! MA IN TIQ E'i',
LOU)IISVILLE' KENTUCKY.
W~ily 101: ý.I(iI II~' '[AK!;
THE CINCINNATI ENQUIRER,
It is the P'eud le jy a r, devo(i to
their interstM adlA wel'arf.
It is III iriq'artisal fri'liu to I'll itTj and
tileasures that benefl'tit the e1nunitr'y .
It i; tht" e i nenl of ,tll Incl, mul m11 e nl e-w
urnii that Nei k i pIt l \ sjii. it'nal ',:till at tLu
l"\Iv li' of til he, tiltitr}'i i WI li a.n,.
11 4 iturfi4 I I (l ihn n t"ire f tr he T eh .
e a ! 1 ll! rI an M of e l 0111 151! ti f iish's r
g\\ i mi nenlll. t otiiial't. ;Intl l b ,ts oina b,4
111tiirllfii'I of u' allu i ii ot f i'iii a I' m ntLr
Slatenua uktd to advanice the fiiiniirig ii
Cr ihe in titt, oS.4 a d a heti
t It' ' 1i'llP o t, en u qtirer Y ;11 t t aite
I tt IuYII- \a , h hait ] tlls cll1ii f 11 h 1 n AIll
newlt ;a1 irlylli once that can hI1 obtaind
1'11 from t(l' fotll it Illart tes athut tilt globe
by' tians tut the telegraph, mailis and
c rr]*ttml l ela ii"u*,
lIs agriet!!till i oIliumnn arc the best
:uad pt1ed to the (int , fanners, ail of
ii el atdlit i'llv t hit to give thuir pe uf r .
It' tnd11 kllt rttpittS hof f wr idars 11e1E
I i' n ttil i of all kind 1 t of i lllljuhet enu t
iilenluted to advance the fariting it
SCtuuck I It s~t I I't~uttWua~r tutid Tt'atlus
itOne iniui of tin e Ent ii reai r ntheang
more asli tlihe iforlltiolu and iFur Eliget nlcr
:iIctlk al nit'tlt Il~l I 1' oir Liii' hiliiettol
14 cik laif(';rV dilill t Ir ( ~li ~les l ii glitl
Its ~4rlii~i lare luiw tz ia h first c~lass pity
t '1n Can41 h ad ti l fr, Illty of the Mt caull
vi iterary palvrs. Noie can lay Uside
th'Liv it fiEnir tithoiu r. A (ihrtirno I alu
ase adiiii tioll thi toher stulic.k kol
it- aarket reports have for years Levu
RADWAY'S READY RELIEF
atckunowItlldge aiIs the wonet comple)Ite auto
CURIES TIlE WFORW' PAINS
In Irom Onulishe, and great value, to
Ftock 1Th 111(., P'ruductra andi Tr'aaue
mlen generally.
NOT ONE HOUR
I deth t lnef la tnnts and reatling flor the
Ia~lhulln the VoungII. For the family cir
14 FFIt( Wi~H PAIN.
Il antY the uIY R.ti .Ihu IS A CB th 3 er
elhatt anti mtchianic-For the Camnel andf
,tocek deakalr, and fur ladies flnt gt'ntla
111"1 of v ry calling and ,taitionl ill life
LilESY PAIN.Y
Its war t he any irst class ay
TLhe Only Parin Remeday
tart loia- h printed for, pthe ual ulaityj
111A10 1uLantlty of rel :oarliv Matter u tld ut
uxelled, t' adh,- Mherutr p apuer ur.se b
IN FROM ONR 'tO TWIENTY NI~N1ES,
Try it fir this vl ea r. A ('hrmer tie o foa
helery :j3. 1T) Subo.rcriber. Seid your I. b*
scritfti ,n direct to with dIls IIc Y Lfr.
R. R.J.
RADWAY'S READY RELIEF
URES TILAE WORST PAINS
In from One to Twenty Minutes.
NAATIOT ONE HOURIIE.
alter readingthis evivertl eraet need ray oft
I4IFFflt WITH PAIN.
BADWAYS 8S10Y RPt.LIEF IS A CURS isa
ILAWAT"NY PAIN.Y fBL
It was the nst and Is
UINLAMMIaTION of THE: boWElS.?
CoNuh Only PaOi TRemedy L
thatinstanthlysopeinemost e err tatigq palms, tlljar
Intiammatha~n., and cures uoureaittion, whether of Ile
Lunig, iOt. I)IeICUlI Tr tradlOr orII ans . y
sae appheativa.
PIN FI.POA ON TO TWENTY EMIES.
Lo matter how violent er erernrtating the pina fth
HYlTElIC, BeROrien, Int II, rpeI). NFLeNeZ
Y evralgic, or prostrated with dlouue may anlter,
READWAY'S READY RELIEF1.
© WILL AFFORD INSTANT BHAI
IOLD cPAMMAI, O u CHILLS.
Th p NlietIiWfofthe Re(IlY ltIHellefteDbpai
INFLAMMA1.TIONC F THE NG&T1YI '(rTHE LUNG&
au 60 th THRaT or dI LculVr i Ua wilt aroi' e
5141 izilar t
SSTEanIydropaIn, COUP, h fni IH oFter wNlnsEbA
etotmenIciire UL'~KAMPi.~.i'PASiSI.Yi)t. B i ftt)('I~t
EADACHE'U, IK TOOTHIEAII, BIAMKtIBL'
COLD tSHTEKIY, AGU WK CHILI T Ui
sldallh*rLRNAL FAINSI.
Traveler. shosid alwasyr ocay a bottle ef Rs4.
' Theapply' eadr Reli Ithte. A lew drupar
parts aer hirpet tepiaall y or patns wtrm anlord eae
atcer. Its. hetrlbs~o YfeaUP Lh0P uiadjr ~k)hY as
mand tsulnt.
is ~ FEVER ANID AGUE.
~ VREVR ANDAhOI' cote ltVyeasots. Thse'S
Tot remedopal In half a tnler of water waill ce Fa iq
ShomentacureCilkAMPS,ýPAl3 ,UO. .URTA CI
IIKARTB'ºURN, S11'1 tlKADACUMK, DIARKilous.
DY8K'NT KEY, COLIC, WINO 1N THE MUWELIAh
AMdalil ITERNAL FAINSR..
Trnd Avele.rs shuld alwayl ry a bottle of Rai,
Il way's Ready Relief wahuanm. A tow drips I
1WAY' Ptl.isjsoquiick&. RADWISM~YJ~LP Y
(It ____________ -
I' HEALTH! BEAUTY 1
sTRONG AND PU 1 RUB BLOOD-INCRBIAS
tr - P FIESl ANI) WEIrHT-dIo.EAR SKIN ANi
UEAUTIVULCUMPLEIOII iL' ti2t) TO All
,V DR. RADWAY'8
l Sarsdaprillian Resoillet
. ". THE REAT BLOODPURIFIErSE
it RARMA DE TTEMorTASON TRThFhRE :
e UI.cKE.So RAPID, AKK THE~ cHANGScu, TH
chl BDitlY LNDiEnti(loES.tNt5K.ItTMIINSFIt KNCU
ith OV TIIIS TRULY WOIm)EREUL notelsaL
" Evry lay aiieIareas i llIsh
i- an ll eeigt 1 Sees and Felt
Every drop of the ARIIAPARTI.T.AN RRSlFS
l lit VENT colnuilinicates titroiglh the lill' I, iweat. Lrina
Sld othier Fruds and jurces of the "yotem the rigor
all hr~ for It r~epirs the wlrte Oft iho bly with newa
Ii(( Siiilld toaterisi. Scroilab, kEvph~iis. (io~nampilof
Oiatdtolar diveae, Chorler In theo thritat Noultb. TvB
tulras. Notes Itn theo (ltanutsand ot'or prtsof thevystem
d- PoreEyes, Strumoroosnisrteuiri!s frio the Ears, and
ill the worst forms of Skin tiseosee. Ernplionn, Feier
RPres, eSaldl Icd, Ring Wiirm.halt Rheeum.Erysipelts,
Aene, BltcikSpnts, Wirmain the Flesh, 'Tuirnra. (a'n
gersi the Wombh, ard alt wenkeonimg mnd painofl di.
charges, NiihtiSweats, I.on ol iluerli ant all wasietot
t- thehoprinciple, are wihil the nr.urotlie rntgeof tbIs
won4Iderit toslern hemiatrn. tnd ual fw daro' wrense i
prove toartay nuers of whn n higfre rly' omnices formts
Ut- dsease it potetitpower tocirre therm.
[II Ithe patientw, dilyelueculm lfiri w redced bytberast le
Saon d dermplsiting tetis r44appertitnly progresinL'.eua
'ceisliniarrnWmisithl~~ WiileaO. 1414r repairS the arn
with n,.w rriteiirmedtn trim heallthy tIiauI~-&sid this
the I4AIiIbAI'lII.I,IAN w~ill end du~co p~r'lOrCCOIWU
I1, he lCenitTl 1 flr u he. onles thuc rem' Ily rmnmOI'ie5" 115
work i I~pririlicittiiin. mid Ciri'rl~ii iri dncinuitiiihuiit the
'(i l sopp tl.es, iaterepaint v all t Ie rslel rieer daty
'te p- the palient wit I fel himalneeivowl4E! thc~~r andr otn'n~Cf
the teud~li'uutiiuf iut~tter,aplietlte tmp/ro'Iie.~ and 11.56
and wei<htn ii'rrzsing.
rl-Niit inlV IiIIt hC i4ANACI~lIN~ldh at4tcatCICO~lcs
li 444r4111 9 reaedlioaget c i
Caeulnuis, Cdeuiil45i, and Skut diecasesolvi is LbS
Reiit Only posiie.e cure for
waney f dlardder Cofr sp udmc,
NI er. S Ippatowl , W ltz.ine4.'iiItumi' . oI'rio. nuis IolSa
e ad' ce l insltsar, alll in all C.4'e IVneCtO n 4 itre Ar
brpck tlt olli 40410n , or lhil, sWe'. I a 4. dudr'ls. rn,,
4hlt~e lkiii .0~gtl~re Mar rnlorlll.id:uli4.I~l;ljl~~lr allec
l~l'-h SPI'lii. i,4irttu~lll iihiii~ dlt d·i'l!'ii wet' ';iFlull walIt% a I4
o . pain Iilhe Small lof the Back Inid along rno Loti.
V (t' Tm or of 12 Years' Growt Ia
Vired bWr BcadlwaV'8 Besvelowertr .
ODR. RADWAY'S
perfecly taIlei, elelraiy rntl,"1 1 swdone eet
op r'. rovil . pr anolw. rt O il 4411a.1 wl .ii( eeIu'.t IleG
wa'aPuIa. H lie ~rn ti' '. r 0141d irr'o ilti jeh
tiver,. I hiwelo, l~l ituv . n I4,uider Nor , iii
Iteaedarlo. CILUII 'nil ip I'.li Ti '4. r .. UIWr L oylldia~ i.
I scre . Theszie.1ifia P ils arrie nioet
exce4I ,ciilt illed.4 ciiny feierish o riae.t
n A flo dues of" o A thWA VO PIT.T.S wIl free thce P
YRI' (I) . I' ti-hI A.iIS 'tullE .' Seoul ore lett.5
5t.'ilupt. It~hlt V\ lit ('1,.Z~...' :vuW~ri~rli '. N"W
Yorkr. hitrltl~ml 11 w4'~rlh Lim4.A1.0ll will lie aetit Y'3
SW St loni ood Pump
'0., Patent Metal Lined.
ar These Pumph are nt
x hcelled in finih or
S - workmanship, and the
objections to the corn
mon WJood Pump
causedbythegradual
wearing of the bore is
li~il : in this pumcp obviatcd·
C uiiitti by~ a metalblic spring
lining.
jott:ll.l~ -' . I ~Fa.r DesrcrhplioDandi'rt~Cev
r· MI· F- addlreas
II 841 Semple, Birge & Con,
MN &FACTIRP OFs AIiC~ ULThRALIMPLjf
MeNTs~s AND SE(IAL'fiG3 IN HAR\DWrtial,
* 3 Soouth Ilthin Street, ~s. Louaut, Mo.·
If" Yicas stateo irr whart unver .rm read tidh