NEW YEAR MODED.
Thae New Velvet Suitm Fit 14l:: to
the Ilaulre.
[Sp'cial ('orrespondene. 1
Nevw York.N.hI. .- Nothing comul le
prettier for a woman with i tin, tigure
than the velvet suilt herew Ih portrayeld.
It is a welcome relief from) the everl:st
Ing hlouse and shirt waist styles. While
one nmust adult tllhat those two styles
are usefull and heeoiollng to maniay, the
snuigger fitting garnienlts aret liatevr and
define a goud figure ibtter Ithan ti. oth
ers. 'IThls suit is tlie, reirI nItitittie of
the new revolt agaLlinst so It lia' of the
loose effet t hat has ohlill hd Sl long.
Thie coiat has it suiggest i, t of It ile em
pire styles In the ael('ate' a:ljiustment
at the waist of the skirt iportionl itlnd the
bodice of the co0nt. T'he close darts
A VELVET COSTTUME.
Make it tit well to the waist, and the
double row of fancy buttons accentuates
the style. The revers are made of white
satin and are covered with application
of Irish crochet lace, a new fancy and a
pretty one. This special lace is much
heavier than Irish point and is much
more showy. It stands up above the
surface as though carved.
For the rest this elegant black velvet
, govn is lined With Ivory satin as a fin
Lsh for the coat. A t',nd of chinchilla
e-circles the wrists, and a muff p, the
!; inme dainty fur is to be carried.
The skirt is cut with as many gores
as the law governing such things will
allow, and these all flare slightly, alt
(though it was thoutght awhiht ago tBIti
Saring skirts had lost tleir popularity.
But they haven't, A4ir d, thl,ibottoi
ad ap the fles. ta& sharp poite woo
miow slik lserpentine braid are placed.
SIa o n the mi aly W row
aid btald set on t1i the same way.
%bW *i ket* rich and elegant trim
ui ng.
The soft gray Utaver felt hat Is bund
tdtpentlhe tginM M lid miteu
the crown with black ap strip]
with ckhenlle. i4 Ittt i'iw
aill cluster of f iin, nlId in t
IMek there faull piec of lace
Thus thne n ole spit is gray,qnd btnalje
"Yt & witEifi. tie iorxnbruantlon of blihwl
tplte v ip*urs* 4 1 of io l
14 ty and .4m tmiany ot the most
1 ht"~3s~i~~ispld lleti the nrpr ; _ .
t dssesa- whieh, by the wa e
nearly ailways desigte tt r
Atnd sone sparkling shi t
It is ertaluly very perhe
who an get througho it it
without disaster Is fortunate. But,,oh1
how beaut ut it is &e irl iwho wears
ent mate - for it is as
twl. ed tbiw. 1 ai s a tew a b 1 itt
!#a ·· iitqariie ib ;6ier~·l bt tic i [if tint~y
witemsnow fowersa'r cdelwemas. These,
toio frosted,[ so that the illulrn 11is4
'or perfect.
There are some other fancies
t4fQ or gauze materi
ivid red, with lame
Another is yellow, with t.
ow this Is applied Is *a iyste beut
-. ile lttiaainais the Aiay s tuf it is
reallty igl.: The dresses made of
Z abtee skirts gathered fll at the
a4 are Iet ito _w out in natutral
tes. It i.S obvious that gores and otb
a arsugemsentsuoeh as flounces could
tot e stueesadtly made in a material
a rlagie. The waiet I. sually what
In oid times was calleda baby waist
that is, It is gathered ftell at the belt
and nect--d the stleers are scarcety
aore that p.ots of the material. Bea.e
pieter long tkiHne sleeves and thens
sg reed all tb wa y down and iidrop
W the. sheoel$aew wier the walst is
irisp . tralh
' ee, y te and all the old
- 2 Pa $ greens snitatie
*r fit : bshown ii n the light ant,
'4e;- Iwito wesnt ric ik
2~ilsairid ~tawh:`t~jsigamnraaa
nt ** p vetlv a- bai$ndr ai
`;s re but t at atqp
a the ka a th
the lnp bt
in a~ "Wr ntbietin
&t> easlyt hs ot
- -aten*lr
..s' . o. e t aboe
A x} ~~fBP
STOHRI WAS TERRIFIC
Str,,ts o01f 'olon, Colombia·, i Mlass
StIIP'S WEI ,IF TO)SSEDI.
The Wind Forced the lWatie Over tlhe
lWharves and Enlthninuent aunti
Pedesitrian' Fl'd uF'rther
I'p in theU I'iyo
New York. .tan. 9-.- -Acording o the
Herald's Colonl, (olomhia. cirrespon
dent, the storni which struk that city
'Tiuesday night was tlrrrific, and when
it. passed the streets were strewn with
wreckage. The Christopher 41olon and
other steamers that had been snugly
thrthed in their docks were tossed
about in the high sea that was soon
lashed up in the bay. All steamn craft
of large proportions immediately
weighed anchor or left their wharves
and put to sea to esclapei the fury of
the gale. Sailing c(raft scudded across
the harbor under the hare poles, seek
ing safety inside the canal. It was
exceedingly difficult and perilous trip
the skippers of these (rl'at experienced
as in the rush forl refuge in the canal
several rcollisions were narrowly avert
ed. Alol tog he water front the streets
were innli d;tti l. The Wild forcled the
water over the wharves and embalnk
mienllys, and a few night I lodestrians
hltrrlilily sought safetyv 'liu-rtl ,r in the
city. The hea:vy dowltpoitr of a' ain
whic'h accorlllpaniietd the gale choikecdl
the gutters, whitch were u.ilable to em
ty into the sea. he -'.aIse water was
driveni uiip hv the wiritd.
Strikers Are I)De~ieriate.
Barcelona, Spain. Jan. it.-The car
men's strike for higher wages is re
suiting in serious collisions with the
police. Revolvers are used in the
streets. Strikers threw petroleum on
the premises of the Northern railway
with the Intention of setting fire to
them, and hidden bombs were discov
ered near the city, leading to the be
lief that dynamiting is contemplated.
The police have been largely rein
forced and specal orders have beeii
promu~gated for the evil gluard -to be
a readiness for action.
Ilisxarvd Continues.
'Louisville. Ky., Jan. 9.-The blizzard
continues In Kentucky and Tennessee.
Snow basa been general east of the
si'thim iplpi ap4 the freezing temper'
ture extends into the southern cotton
be.t. t Snow -fell Wednesday night.in
1.l inouilanallgO west Tennessee and
Western North Carolina and trains de
layed. South of Louisville trains are
moving on time. Thermometer here
registers twenty degrees above. Tele
graph facilities show improvement.
Birminghnam. Ala.. .an. 9.---Minnie
00i, thhj 7ox q pontplaster at, [n
'c kola ý 1% ern. r er husrtaq
T 8sai d rf hip wife were hopeful
of ,ttlemc t. of the' lpdapjla1. trp -
blen as they desired to rnturu to that
page4 t jiv ha:ving ; rPy. friend
t ef tgg hbrith th 'to"iored and'
Cont Going to (' h*:a. j
tieah, Ky., Jan. 9.---The towhbat
_nton left Wednesday night with a
g eet of coal which is to he ple
to Cuba. The towboat will dar
rcoal down the Ohio and Mississippi
ri~ers to Ne -.ifeaW , rht d"t'i ts.
t( be resh.ippe 'r:This shipnment ;frpm
Piduih es is to'-b tsllowed 4by
others, all intended for the samne
t*4ed ,bPy Caafe.
Yanrk; 'Jail 9 .Major :Geheral
Adna R. Chaffee made a denial of tfe
report that any act, order or in
uction of his while in the Philip
p could be construed into any au
th tion of the application of the
wa cure for the purpose of- extri
cating Information from natives.
General Chaffee made this state
ment when hb attention was called
to'a dispatch from Manila, giving an
avoutat of the court-martial of Major
GInan of the Fifth infantry.
YoeaknO Presedent.
NMw Yorl, Jan. 9 - Directors of the
Chicago and Eastern Illinois railway,
recently acquired by the St. Louis and
Ban Francisco railway, met and elect
ed B. F. Yoakum tothe presidency in
place at 1. M. J. Carpeater, who re
co-tly resigned. Mr. Yoakum Is pres
ident of the St. Louis and San Fran
eleco. R. R. Hammond was elected
general manager and J. S. Ford see
retary.
' ranted Letters.
v _I. ri -Jan. 9.--Virgiita May
Stsxs, a sister of the late
as P. Ochiltree, was
pgra in er@ of administration on
herby~tber es't ate, which drlfslsts' .
oti4~t) personal property.
1 hasl appointed archbishop
' ': tirbry ,in succession of the
late Most Rev. Dr. Temple.
Tys Ele-ted Speaker.
Nabvtfle. Tenn. Jan. 9.-Colonel L.
D. Ti ,om was elected, speaker of the
lBiwr i .pta-e of the state legislature.
Coloel t-yson was elected on the
i-tl balot·i-:-,
-
Ay"~i~
i-. s< v t'
A Reporter Who
Became Premier
(Spe cial .',!rr.,,U 'Il lnc .|
in:I n p li is, .I an. C. W\\'iwlm ftiehL rst
Iluraliug ItIvis wrote hiii story about
the r')portel who assuatet. sovereignty
ei ' Ir 11 s mal l ill is iant in S ialth )('a l. h e
# it' ht Ill II MitI 1i0 IIItI! litI'I-ill i|llilt
there ' w Ias sllorlly 14Lo I 11 :4(144 I1 4l re
porter workin g Silm isihlt . l.les, thle
sole exception heit g t hatlt I I tlls p l rti ',
W . S. \' right t by inIti. otli t lt obItin
s.overeighty. but a premiership, an hon
or which wias tlhrust upon tliii ?by a
lllll wthhol l' he d lll 'hldricu e'd.
l'Prenienr Wright It ills l'romn 6.lfayette,
nht. At thit uis' tihe Spl nish tli watr brole
.ult he waIus aI lhetitentiu i lith' 'uitled
States signni corps nltl. 'iltl hIs ,'tolc s
plany. Vllwas stiwt to 1tv:ittl. .. flte le:v
ing the signil sertvi' 11 hie.IIded to Ie
nllt n111 ,uba 11,i nl l tavllllislt :1 ntltws su
reali ii the capital. *Irudutally Ihe ex
tended the iiusefulneiiss it' this Iibureaui
until It lih.cnne the mlediuitt for 'onvtey
ing ripher messages sent Iy individuals
not only to the United Sltatn,s. but to va
riohs WVest Indhian countrties. I)Ont of his
limost firlUlttelt plltrlons was l It nll who
evidently was Illdul.ing in 11 politiall
Intrigue oi n Itlrge sl tc c ll,. il tlhe 'youting
Americann's curiosity ,rl',w as theI dtays
passed by and he cothil harn io tatthing
of his mlysttLriols isitorl s ide tity.
J.Ilst aittlh this titin' . rllillotr I'ose i~ t
thei l' lhan :lt apit l i o the el'i'ct thalt l x
•'reshhidnt .illlinhl'Z of Si::nto Domingo.
who was suppotsed to I'e in hidinig in
the vicinity (To f I I vu: ..t 1l-,itit nplulti
ntedintg ta lo ll n lit l o l:. I , ' t' iow
er he haid lost. This r uwl 'itrtltt ht joy
to the h iortsh ioan of a itti : ti l iet lov
ing Allmery iahe folr Ithty :t iw IV pt o.sprt
of oncle mlore enga;i int l the excl iting
enterprises whichl hat d oten lncir por
tion during hto Spatnisth w\<I
Among this ullmh.r was ong 1 right,
who began all zilous . cllpa: ign to dis
cover the whpr iltoolets of' .'lieliineo. le
finally succeedted in trnkin hit n to his
hiding phlce ata. llupon obtaining tIn in
terview, was astonished to leane that
Jimtnez was no other than the man
who had blen making so much use of
his tiews aureau.
Jimlnez gave hinym a cordial reception,
but ponteu out to lhim the f:et that it
was not at all likely the revolution
would he productive of (,titer motney or
glory for those oncerned n it, t and that
the only one vitally interested in lit
uoceesds wais himself. Wrikht. h4,wevcr,
was insistent and finally obtained the
ex-president's permission to accompany
him nas a war corresponwdent.
1i e1-le ' t y saw the news bureau
el6sed aini lhe youthful Hooster aen
rote to theo deslignated iportt tor uthe
secret eimarkatiohl o If the revoltiton
ists. To his disgust, the boat on which
tihqy sailedi was intercepted by an
American gunboat, and though .ieit i
-nez antd his fellow countrymen were
promptly released the Americans
among the party were dt,'ained until
_.slers --:ame nfrom. Gecneral Wood to
ca- islvk prould,.have It, the expedi
veyed to Wright by a trustetd lutssen
_t: -ThePop (etiert'r a t olie hurried there.
.:l riving ft:si in, tlime to bet'om1,( paUge
'tr., b r foluiit ilsf." Santo Iomfin'- ,(;
w. s. wKIGOT.
was now reached without any trouble,
and in shcrt order Jiminez won the
day and had the satisfaction of hear
ing himself proclaimed president of the
republic.
Wright had been of great help to
him throughout the campaign, and the
victorious general was not ungrateful.
He decided to show his gratitude by
naming the American as general in
gWef of all the Deminican army. When
W'right learned, however, that this
army consisted of an undisciplined rab
ble of 4.000 colored iroops, armed with
guns o?-an antique pattern, he respect
fully but firmly declined thi honor.
Jimines then determined to make
him prime minister, Lut warued him
that all he could expect -wTlere5ith to
iaalntain the dignity of his high posi
toia was a satlry of $300 a year, Pritne
nmatiitr 'rl ht aiseh , and got his
too.. Azkho lhi ° Jimln. had tn
"brow ,the fneeey . iD fwrd.
A year had not passed before Jimi
nez ordered the premier to Washing
ton on a secret and Important mission
to sound the American state depart
ment on the question of its extending
protection to the reigning government
against internal enemies. Wright had
scarcely begun his 4ipiomnatic task
when the goverpment of Santo Domiu
go was once more overturned and Jimi
nez compelled to flee for his life.
Wriht is still 4n Washington, fuil of
epihdenee that his old chief will ultt
h lutfi hi 9Wfl1o~ mcre
BURGHERS MEET,
O.enerl i.r.aunl.t.y alud a NUIIII tTheI
r ,'etoria. Jan. it - .n intfltential
meeting of burghers dlra;ft'd an :ildre's
for pres';nltation to . 'Wl o ial .,t,.rotaty
SChamberlain and the ,lgislatflve, ronit
cil,. eniodying the: vic w :, of Ie.dogs.
+ Among the tI.rominesldaltii.s art, got
t ral amnesfy, the 13ailit en:i-.e I
'Transvaat's pre-t- ar 'eg.. latioti- re"
garding natives, Si, itnportattoe of
tt Ii'l Yy Ithe gcv.Jevra r o'iS Snct thrii
sale So hu .i los let a' tiail av i i ain
abolitihll o l S o lto ,frih a eoe.st l.t.e
lary.
.lcosrttss Itoha, ,\'Ae and li elaray
strongly Iurgeid the ii ressit y for a inold
"rate attitude and i'rganilzaltioni to as
sist the present government. laneraI
Botha representet $526,004f whi h liad
bheen .ollected in America anid t!ra itpe
f or sli.t elief of l.istilltte ters.
STRICT QUARANTIN_.
$ O(Ealue of *lelll.e' Sil lt K1.e9 p &re..
"l-11 I4 Siunii.ng It 1 - $.ina .
TlTueon. Ariz., ian. '0 --Infotl riatiog
1 YR the Star from Itio .*lfli-c of Siere.
tary e)f St.ate Ilerniosil lIe ,orgeirnlirn g
the plagule situation is as follows:
"Strietoest liarantine is Stlinl titld "lI
(ila ynrm is against 1,2;1zrItlan A cordon
of soldlieors have iooli <sttilllli .,ld from
Stldwal tr on the Icllm:rl:t !i v lini he
t4 wooen the t st tes Of Sonoir - it ;iti;aloa.
soldiers hin- stitio tm, \vwitthin I b'',h of
e a lic h o t h e r , n ;!a : i ' li ,' ito b t c d ; ( n
with insin:,lit :, io -h oiil ait .,:, , +, -
doe voring to I S.:t I, le ir( t' Stri-r st
kind of patroll i k plt Ialo ,e ,, t
No trl- ort' s ar i- :t I, t, I );pst to
lrasr front (utl-.. - 1' 1 10, l no 1l atr'"
allonwe to en1 t r fro ' . . p oit t '.
S i at'irn; i I ti i ':liti' i ly - o lli her
reso ntit' 4'' f)'` -!. ,i .1 rn r A rmost
thorolt_-h system oti. fiuntig:ition and
sanitary regulatfions ihav e hon alidott
el. l.il n' d i tlltphiit :ire issued daily
to ,ro la ir o )!le. a rl tte streets ant
yardsl eleanod daily. (iovernor Isabel
has been placed in eonpltir (lhargei by
the federal government.
"Governor Isabel birands the reports
of the last few dlays to the effo't that
t the plague has se.,ired a foothold in
Guaymas or any border towns between
Guaymoas and Sinaloa as false."
TRIVIAL CAUSE.
Irother lill' s IAntu ir Ifalilline file Re.
Inse.l Him ia ('igairette t':per.
Atlanta, Ga., J.Fan 9.--A special to
the .uttrnal from "GainA.ille.' Flt'e.,
says: ilecause his brother refused to
give him a cigarette paiper Pink Grove,
a young man living at Grove Park,
Fla.. plungaed a knife into his brother's
heart killing him Instantly. Grove
was,arrested and placed in jail.
DENIED BY STANDARD.
(IIl (1,uipa uy t'y It Otwn Nni LaI.di. In
l:ilth r T.exai or" I.u,lisihn:n.
New Votl:, Jan 9 ---The Standard
Oil coltpany aulthorizes the statement
that it does not owv sir ,uhi'fro a-ny
part of priodtcii:ig territory q4f eithor
the Be.iintnont oil flir lifi 'i'Pi a or' the
Jlpniftnl.t. .l-tdin rIoiiidita.: anld 'tia
nevloer 'ig hlt to t' t so
}Aigia. ".Jan !#- Whiep the negro,
TIlIc .Johnson. vwas'lbeing rid .t the
-i.trrthoJ-:ic ttei h.-lhilding was.t, r. ongjy
g 1 arduid t T1ae n'ptt fioi I tie rnmli
rl. rf the 'l "nlur co inmaul of
h. .T. R.enki, a machiio gun andl
* of thiiiy p li) n ('Jltul anl tw'n
v special 'ioputi,.s guai;;: (d the
rt use. Johnsou is charged with
CiPiminal assault.
The j.ry k.ought in a verdict .of
guilty and the court s.c Ite 'ncld John
son'to beha"ged Feb. 6.
$'x ".le n, Piled.
New York. Jan. 9.--Six liens, aggre
gating pearly $80.000. have, beun filed
ft Hempitead. T. L.. against 'Castle
Gould. the country seat that iHoward
Gati $s building at Sand's Point. Poirt
Washington, near Long Island sound.
'Coatiators who filed the liens refuse
tO ,expl&tn the reasons until the cases
are brought up in the Nassau county
court. Mr. Gould had trouble with his
workmen last autumn and "had deputy
sheriffs keep walking delegates off his
premises.
sewing :tallihine jielbi.-,i
Austin. Jan. 9.--Ti supreme court
held that where a sewing machine
company sold a machine on install
ment plan, retaining a lien in mort
gage to secure deferred paymen'.
stipulating that machine could be
slezed in refault of payments without
process of law. it can take possession
of the machine without further pro
cess. Decision is in the case of the
Singer Sewing Machine company vs.
Frank Rios, from Travis county.
Siece of George lt'alhington.
Chicago, Jan. 9.-Mrs. Catherine
Thompson, who claimed to be George
Washington's niece, was found dead at
her home in Waukegan, Ill. She lived
alone and was in poor circumstances.
Mrs. Thompson refused to go to the
poor house, saying a niece of the first
pr.sident would never be an inmate of
such an institution.
ir lV W sa seeret T'rilj.
New York. Jan. 9.-Replying to an
inquiry regarding reports circulated in
the United States that W. C. Hunter,
Jr., has been tried and acquitted of
the murder of Wililam Fitzgerald. an
Associated Press correspondent cabled
as follows from,Guatemala City: "If
there has been a trial it was a secret
one. All mystery here."
WWilt Recog'nilz Certain Claim.
Washington, Jan. 9.-Castro sends
word that be is willing to recognize
the propriety of submitting British and
OGeran. lda s refe!fed to in late
t t t 'Iea tr ttnt
HORSEITANIJ INSANE.
i ' 'ifniiw l'. 91,4 .' rn, llmfk $4 ,,t,%. ,pomn
$ \ri-si 6* am A. . lurh,.
daeran.enoT. ('al.. Jare .-\Wiilliami
". S l, nti il, :in of thlue lst tknowi
h i 0w tr.e in Ih*, d'nitit, Sata,'s, has
So r bnight f!rone ?l'so90t brismts in
S iite o t Ihi. late hospital *of tPe Ilh.
sane a .iapla I t f,. ' mii i ua.s sarit to
FIolsom O. 0 ay 9 b I lor a tirm (a itell
I years Sll 9Si IllH lrdI'r o! Tlihomas tCul
t!en. a stahlb,' .vny e.:l, nye'd ORj tih"'
s ae h(" 6)Il 'a9' !, was a hort:
Seainer f)orl the' Iw vih tS I j':;lI., SIrenSa
-I .Mr'ri:s. Tl'heodovre t\'in iw" and sev
O ra l ,tl h er w l'"c t 's . ' , t, , hlie v e d h is
gri'alt s. sl e/ -s"' whitl ii ihe, se'rvice (d
W'inters, wherIs he' Ir:OiI"* t h veterans
sOalle, inel nding l III n .to :, R(i Rey.
WVASHINGTON t 0Ofl
*u ,inllr . W\rVas-l. .~I. i . . Sl . l?ooti
Fill )li l .-t ) i;ar as *h" N rEli' h. trs 1a-,
O'i , iv" . ronter'ned. gs pral'ti' ally th"
S:anie as to ported j'6' i. say. A largo
or.',' of -urin i.; at workl wiit Ipile drlv
'rsi, on ihe I lais lin, S)itwv,,ten Palmel
lntelion ar:il r ,ester A.\n th.r' g:rng is
wXo'ikinti . )n i h i:.i'i I hid!':' ;at 1?artin,.
at;unl .till otlil'r g;anlg ll at. o virlt at
vari1Iiti plates al'ong tIl line I 'ntih
its lin,' i ,l'I'are'l the Nollrthtertn Pacific
se'nd: all Irai:n; via l'l rtl;ind. There
are tow hi) t 'llw'l ItpaSSi 'inrler otI
trainl-. thllt :,ll l ti ill) in i lilt' Inolln
tain , ant t erv ;1r"' o' nfortnhle.
s510 '. i 4l- I I I a al ly I '- I. t .
GOES TO WASHINGTON.
(:""iI. t 1I.el tlt "rl (tllnb ll'll . i ,11 ( l 'll
1'l)l '".. Ijill-tI " .'. n'i l alt s i.ii'.
siit'lr ,1 e' I-r" i ', ( sT.i l hii ,' ; i Il t'irn l iat
('alc-utita. ha: oin alPoint,'Id ,harg,
d'affaires ati ; W1 a:hiti.In dui i og t.h"l
alisirn, of Anlas: ahd' \'nrm Tlolleb
on ;: i leave. Chancelloli Von Huelow"
regardhs the lusin e::s at \Vashington so
important at presenlt as to require a
special sitbstitute for the ambassador.
The' inference naturally follows that
Baron Spak Von Stornborg is to sue
cold Dr. Von lIolleb'n as ambassador
should the latter's health prevent his
return. This inference is confirmed by
the facl that Chancellor. Von Buelow
months ago was understood to have
the baron in view for Dr. Von Holle
ben's ultimate successor, Besides,
President Roosevelt, it is reported'
here, two months ago expressed his
approval of Baron Speck Von Stern
buig should the emperor desire him in
Washington.
Destperate Coal Nituation.
Toledo. 0.. Jan. 9.-The coal situa
tion at Toledo has reached a point
where a physician's certificate Is re
quired by local dealers before they will
sell even a ton of coal. Th" certificate
must show that there' is illness In the
home of the wouldbhe purchaser, and
that coal a' n,,ee:sary as a safeguard
for the l:a'B nt.
jQuiet at Indl tui4al.
Tndliani'a. i.' . Ja . This town
has assuirn'd tt. noior'"?' i 'nition. Mail
il being ts veilv rtiel '' htld vepent
etnt tarri :P: antd )'5' y iil:;g is. qulliet.
.1 < c of lives
have hrb-.n Ics iA -'i 1,a #¢ t:he re:asift,
of !lo :( ' , Iy' i i brer al:ing up
,of 'the - 01 h r.i:er.. - . .~
by she':ti n hmV elf in the, left JireastL'
.B- 'Imorn, Tc'x.. Jan. 9--Two wells
on Spiallrtop v.'hiih wrre practicali
hbandrn(ed are now flowing fine oil.
NEWS IN BRIEF.
-.James, H. Matthnlm,. a former resi
dent of 'Fort Smith, Ark., died sudden
ly nea-r iauirrnont. Tex.
Thomas A. Edison predicts the horse
aid the drug store will become tting
of th' past in the not far distant fu
ture.
Topsy. the elephant, was Plectrocuted
at f'oney Island The animal kille4
one man at Waro, Tex.. and another
at Paris.
Hon. Bellamy Store=r. I'nitel States
ambassador to Austria. has hebn form- I
ally oresented to Emperor Francis
Joseph
The Thradnlo'dlle liotl company
will soon begin the erection of a five
story building at Beaumont, to cost
$150,0110.
PresidPnt Prather of the University
of Texas is attending the session of
National Association of Universities at
Washington.
A Gainesville. Tex., firm secured for
$48.500 the contract for the lighting
and plumbing work at the epileptic
asylum at Abilene.
While en route to Houston on a
Southern Pacific train, Mr. Poe, a mer
chant of Glidden, Tex.. was robbed of
his pocketbook. containing $625.
. During 1902 there were 395 marriage
licenses issued by the county clerk
of Hill county. Texas. During that
time forty-six divorce suits were filed.
Thieves te elrthing factory
at th fttDallas own#by Sanger Bros. The
Sgods taken ard afteged to have been
!found and an arrest has been made.
Contract for building an electric
line between Oklahoma City and
Guthrie has been given. Distance is
thirty miles and cost will be $1,000,
000:
Burglars blew open a safe in a sa
loon at Dallas with nitro- glyvrin.
There was no money in it. The door
was blown ten feet and saloon fix
tures damaged.
The Studebaker Manufarturng com
pany will. build at.-South Bend. Ind.. a
$200,000 Young Men's Christian As
Isociation bu!lrllnc ag a mmorial to
the founder of the .rm.
rL "
W.C. PERRIN. J. t IIES
R(11;ER" .L E:11RY. V
W, C, Perrin & C
SuccIsI it W . ( 1' tril.
fotton factors, Real E
and Rental Agents,
.1t8 .t as St. lhrici port,
1c gwive our personal ittntlion t
sale og cotton. -
We are mmnihxrs of the C otton
chtange and have access I ill the l
news.
JOur facilities for storin i nal ins -
totton are, complete.
\Ve will make liberal ci, h adv
oil consignlments of cotton.
Olnr list of real estate is large an.
tractive and we think we can p!easi
classes of purchasirs.
l\'e rent hot,.ss aid fnrms,
relnts, make prolmpt remittances,
piay taxes for non rc-iilett.
We \.tlat patroiiag- ani expect
merit 0.amel by strict ; trclltin;t to
less.
W. W. Warmin
Phon e 320.
Undertaker
and Dealers in Fine
Builders
Hardwar
519 and 521 Edwards Stre
WARING BUILDIN
Guaranteed Pocket Knives
Scisso"-..
GLASS.
Carpenters tools a spec
Orders for Coffins ,trtnded to
o. night.
Sh rxveport Turf
Exchange.
The latest. aod most Te
returns from the races
Every day at the
'S REVEFPORT
EXCH ANGii
if interested come ;,a.,l 4 Ilt he re:
CJmmissions taken from rei
parties.
Phone 199.
Dr. J. J SCO
Physician and Surgeon.
Slates fo order at
Reisor & Brown, 220o Texas
ller's Pharmacy, Texas and
Avery's Pharmacy, 735 Te
1, estdence: 314 Common street.
Telephone 547.
DAVID F, TABE
..I NSURANC
Pemington Typewriters
Prompt and Courteous Att
SHREVEPORT, I.A.
PHONE 471. 506 TE
C. BOET
FCamily Grocer
Come inn ex.\ i-n ne'
tI t