WHERE THE EXACT CENTER IS L=
CATED.
The Spot Is In Farmer Marr's Barn
yard, About Five Miles SoutVwest
of Columbus, Ind.-How the Spot Is
:Marked.
( pecial Correspondence.]
Colomoaus, Ind.. March 10.-Not so f tr
from this town is a spot which has a
unique claia. to fame, for it is the e .act
center of population of the whole Unit
ed States. In technical language, as
found in a bulletin issued by the census
bureau. the exact center is located at
latitude '30 degrees, 9 minutes and 36
seconds north, longitude 85 degrees. 4S
minutes and 54 seconds west. This in
popular parlance, as given by a Co
ENRBY MARE STANDING AT EXACT CENTER
OF POPUTLATION.
lumbus man, means that the exact cen
ter is "five miles southwest of Colum
aiun, ,,. uaJar f CL a uxaLuJULu.
Henry Marr, farmer, thus enjoys the
distinction of being the center man of
the United States. He bears his honors
modestly, but takes pride in pointing
out to visitors the spot which has
drawn so much attention to him. He is
a son of James Marr, a retired farmer,
who is now seventy-eight years of age.
Henry Marr himself is a man past for
ty and for the last seventeen years has
resided on the farm he now occupies.
Time has dealt kindly with him, and he
has aided time by being thrifty, so the
Marr farmhouse, which was built a
few years ago at a cost of $8,MO0, is a
model of completeness, fitted with
many modern improvements, and the
Mart farm, cvering fifty acres, enjoys
the name of being one of the best
p-eces of ground in the country.
One thing that has of recent years
been a material help to the center man,
as he said in a recent interview, is the
faet that he can talk by telephone di
eet! from his home to many of the
priipai:i cities of the sunoundlag
econtry, thus receiving deaiy the weath
a- farec sts saad market reports, both
ot which are of great aid to him, the
ne giving him timely advice for his
aricautural work and4he other letting
him know when to sel or hold his stock
and grain. He was also a benedelary
o. the first free rural delivery route
butituted in the country, the carrier
toan the little town of Hope passing
ble houe~ead daily.
' travelera, of course, the exact cen
tee of population is an out of the way
spot, but notwithstandIng this many
pqopia from di ereat parts of the coon
try ave paid the Marr farm a visit in
ordeuto be able to say that they have
stmt on the center."
as 0alumbua. visitors drive
anoth over the old state road, a noted
t Ihsrolng fe ln the days of the civil
at; The drive is over a typical piks,
aM the tourist is rewarded es route by
* M t panorama of the richest ag
altural country in southern Indana,
4 avrt of rich prairie land Interspersed
with wheat end oenn a^Lda
ee l thee av. mile drive is com
plateda monement is met which noti
Siae he l.oamseer to tora to. the Istt
anl down a lane, A uarter of a mie
mere and the Maze residence is reached.
O8e Inside the barnyard there is no
:tobie fn Anding the center of popula
lion, for the place Is indicated by a
Sat stne stab, marked 1900, at one
end f which rAies a pretentious "mark
" emaoed by an Indianapolis newa
pneawsd proclaiming the reason for
t e ivotal stone on the ground, eijht.
eon feet from the huge red barn..
for the tr4t time one realizes
thaoene I welpaid for the tropb)e
aking thetrip, and a_ indesxrlbq
himpulse nerves one-.to step square
'upon the atone and appreciate the.
naver sensation of iamaglng that to
the north of hlir are 18.00 prons
and a like unamber to the south, east
an west, anda th tfor the tihe being
one is the center vpersa of this, vat
Sloms A tourist arive at the home
-e around meal .tie be will .ely
S an optnat to etf to th
'are a n
e is a fmoueso Is t'e '
eredict at al who have bean lq1
n Cough to nnsoy the dainties ash p'o
and tely manner, and
aUhirer or tl so ta.. de& to
;h T an e er h ems at e ekt
4 , th e ae n -
beOP
1 bseen~
Pretty ant Daiaty Materials and
Now They Arx Made Up.
[Special Correspondence.]
New York. March 9.-Among the very
daintiest and prettiest of the s Vtt
waists, which are to be quite as fea½
ionable the coming season as th.y
have ever [oin, the white ones will hIe
the first choice. So many nmw Ptw
pretty kinds of stiff are on red fr t1:
purgese th:. one Las but to c oe.
The tine and transparie-:t lnen Pt:ntes
ant finn lawus are first in popularity
for the commin sauni; r, but they
fcdovwed cioseiy by the linens and the
white mercerized oceds. Of these there
is no end.
Butcher s linen makes stylish a aists
and they have the nerit of being s-,
solid that tue more they are laundered
the prettier they are. Tucks, flaps with
embroidery on them and insets of
heavy lace are all seen upon the new
waists. The heavier goods, such as the
cheviot and basket weaves in cotton.
the thick Irish linens and the heavy
linen crashes, are hand embroideral.
sometimes in colors. The thinner qual
ities have fine lace inset and applied in
many other fancies.
A very dainty conceit is shown in the
illustration where the inset lace is laid
along the edge of the tucked portion
and around the collar. The pattern is
made up of alternate pieces, one being
round and the next square. They are
cut apart; and the squares are set down
the front as diamonds, with a little
narrow lace to match around them.
The round ones are treated the same
way, forming a dainty and effective
trimmingI
The sleeves are tucked down a trifle
below the elbow and then left to form
a full sleeve to gather into the band.
Others are made with the lace inset
along the front and with tucks spread
out wider on the shoulders. The pres
ent fashion is for the shoulders to be
broad, and the shape of everything is
made so. The wider the sleeves are at
the wrists the better. There is not so
pronounced a dip as there was, and,
take them all in all, the shirt waists
are worthy a recognized place in fash
ion.
One very pretty style has a cape col
lar, wide or narrow, as the wearer may
fancy, generally made so that it can
be left off at will. It somehow gives
the impression of a tea jacket or a
dressing sack, but is desirable, all the
same. The fronts of the waists can be
made as elaborate as one desires, but
lace and tucking and embroidery are
part and parcel of the whole. Sailor
collars mace of fine batiste and insets
and bordered with lace are much liked.
They can be worn with anything, even
flne silk waists.
After the *ash linens, batistes' and
heavier white goods come the wash
dilks, and they are many and beauti
DAInY NEW 5nI WA wari.
ful. It is a question as to which is
preferable. The white goods for these
extra fashionable waists are, first, the
Japanese washable silk, the corded silk
and the rich armure silks. These last
are not washable, but the waist made
of ft is so very lovely that one cannot
refrino from mentioning it. The linens
8e:;b"ites, etamines, voiles, checks,
basket weaves, bourettes, sultings and
embroidered flax cloth. This last is
nearer iUke the old -fashioned home.
spun linen grash brought over here by
the immigrants in olden times. But it
is coarse enough to be extremely styl
ish and is unbleached. It makes up
mtoo really handsome suits for summer
wear an Into unique waists. Bulga
nlan embsotery is clearly l.dicated as
sitable ngfor this material.
RtugIfn -frashes of every kind are
also abOwn as shirt waist material,
and am utade of it. The Russian
t2«1 for the most part made in self
but some of it has a twill of two
` Ihades Garnet and soft green, I
Iass the natural color of the flax
sue[ r early spring there are
seme mandse and Useful stuffs, most
IM tuuing to Ciea's hair weave, with
hem oely orer the surface of
M U*InM satkaly the material s 1
?st a as it has been-au winter,
- the gude in skirts are heavier
-han Ster ae generally been, - The
m ar dot ag thick, and in that
wgy-thp skirt may he, mueh heavier £
thofr to 'the wearer. The
ai~s h ass is sy-tw. tiwes wdeae
ise olrt repeesetnde in eight
putallsav eat dntae sme
Threatened Clash Over Otto
man Misrule In Macedon:&,
THE SULTAN'S POMTISED REFORMZ
Not Regarded ra a Firntity in thie
Settlement of the Troubles In the
Levant-The Turk Witihi)t Frien ::d
In Europe-Attitude of Powers.
[Spelial Correspt. ni. 1
Vienna. March 2.-No wi ll informed
person in this ceotot of Eurcp an
diplomacy and politics )elievQ3 tLt
the promise of the sultan to inatitune
the adminiatratlve reforias in :MIce
donia dictated by Russia and Austria
and indorsed by other interested pow
ers will bring peace and tranquillity to
the storm beset Balkans, even though
Abdul Hamid has already made a
show of carrying out the reformatory
demands in seeming good faith, as indi
cated by his having ordained the appli
cation of the proposed reforms in all
the six vilayets of Itoanelia. thus
adroitly imparting a color of spou
taneity to the whole measure and seek
16
A TYPICAL MACEDONIAN INSURGENT.
ing to convey the impression that he
desires to treat with lenient considera
tion all the Christian provinces of the
Ottoman empire. But, as every student
of the Turkish situation knows, it is
not safe to trust the sultan's promises.
"Abdul the Damned," as Gladstone 1
called him, is also Abdul the crafty I
and deceitful and the same Abdul who
has time and again broken his pledges.
The reforms which the sultan has
promised are substantially these:
First.-The establishment of financial
control over the collection of taxes in the
European vilayets and over the payment
of officials and troops.
Second.-.-The reorganization of the gen
darmerie in said vilayets by the selection
of officers from the subjects of the neutral
European states-Belgium. Holland and
Switserland.
Third.-The signers of this note are de
sirous that the sultan shall find it con
venient to administer the affaire of the
disaffected vilayets through some high
personage who has a personal knowledge
of the requirements necessary in order to
govern without friction a body of sub
jects differing in religion, mode of life and
politics.
If the sultan carries out this "irre
ducible minimum" of reform, the war
cloud that now hangs threateningly
over the Levant is likely to be tem
porarily dispelled, but it will be only
a temporary dissolution. At best It but
defers the inevitably coming storm
which must sooner or later break over
the Balkans like the sweep of a
mighty cyclone, changing the face of
southeastern Europe.
Russia, which holds the key of the
situation through its all powerful in
fluence in Sofia, may check the grow
ing hostility toward Turkey among
the Bulgarians of Ferdinand's realm
and the equally growing sympathy for
their oppressed kindred and coreligion
ists in Macedonia. Even this can
not prevent continued irritation and
attendant disorder. But nobody Is
quite sure that Russia wants to stop
the anti-Turkish agitation In Bulgaria,
even though she may not be ready just
new for another war with the Turk,
and it is wholly Improbable that any
very drastic measures will be adopted
in Sofia to lessen the activity of the
Macedonian revolutionary committee,
which has its headquarters at the Bul
garian capital and receives at least
the tacit support of the Bulgarian
court, while the Bulgarian people are
avowedly in sympathy with it,
The recent avowal from St. Peters
burg that while Russia is prepared to
safeguard the Interests of the Chris
tians she "will not sacrifice a single
drop of Russian blood nor the smallest
portion of the heritage of the Russian
people If the Slav states should at
tempt by revolution or force fo change
he existing state of affairs ii the
Balkan peninsula" may mean much or
It may mean nothing, just as the czar
and his advisers desire. It may be
taken to indicate that the Muscovite
bear is not yet ready for another tustle
with the Turk and wishes to hold in
leash the Balkan Slays, who are eager
for the fray, until he Is better prepared
to put his paw on the map of south
eastern Europe, though it may not be
construed as meaning that the czar has
relinquished the long standing ambi
tion of the Romanoffs to worship at
the shrine of ,8t. Sophia In Constanti
nople and push their fleets through the
Ilardanelies from the Black sea to the I
Mediterranean,
The situation in the Christian prov
inees of Turkey is almost analogous to 1
that existing immediately prior to the I
Crimean war. which arose through the 1
demand of Russia for a protectorate 1
over the Greek subjects of the sultan. I
though the protection of oppressed I
Chzistious, who then as now were sanf
* eauefr Tur I
ffat sae a .ught to open a way td Con
stantinople And the Dardanelles.
Through an alliance with Turkey of
Great Britain. France and Sardinia
Sussia lost even more than she gained
in territory and prestige and was comn
pelled to abandon the claim to a pro
tectorate over the Greek nhristian, in
Turkey, to whom. Lowe~v. mul to :11i
other Christians in her r aiml as well,
the snuan promised to a:ore fu
vorahie terms. How well id has kept
that promise is amljy rve,:io- i !_e
long and Bloody chapter of murkish
o0 traeCs unon Ctrisiina sucl i(
ering all the years from tlie of
the treat' of Paris in 1t-S to the pres
ent time.
There woui, however, be no such
alignment of the European powýrs in
the event of a Russo-Turkish wear now
as there was in the Irinm au war in
18-53 -5, nor in the itusso-Turkish war in
1877-78, and it is doubtful if any one of
them would lift a ringer to help the
Turk in such a present emergency.
Certainly Great Britain, even at the
risk of permitting Russian territorial
aggrandizcment in the Levant and the
orient-one of the things least desired
by Britons-is in no mood to repeat the
costly experiences of the crimnean war,
nor would she again, to "save the face"
of the unspeakable Turk, interpose as
she did in 1878. when hy threatening to
bring her powerful Mediterranean fleet
up to Constantinople she stopped the
Russian advance at San Stefano and
prevented the Turkish capital from
falling into Mltecovite hands Arnd thus
induced Austria, Italy, Germany and
France to unite in the Berlin confer
ence to preserve in a measure the in
tegrity of the Ottoman empire and to
deprive Russia of the fruits of her
hard earned victories
In view of the close relations of
France and Russia the czar may with
out question depend upon the French
men to support him in whatever he
may undertake to do in the Balkans.
The position of Austria is, of course;
well understood. Having united with
Russia in the original demands upon
Turkey for. administrative reforms in
Macedonia, she could not if she would
change front or take any other course
than that of loyal support of the czar
in any emergency. Besides, Austria is
anxious to secure the full proprietor
ship of the two Turkish provinces of
Herzegovina and Bosnia, which, though
governed and administered by her
since 1878. still nominally belong to
the sultan.
Neither could Germany help the sul
tan, even though the kaiser is said to
have a sneaking fondness for Abdul
Hamid. German public sentiment
would not allow him to waste a single
German soldier or even a dollar from
the imperial German treasury in be
half of the Turk.
Italy, remembering the cost of Sar
dinlan blood and treasure in the Cri
mea, would be in line with the other
powers against the sultan. In short,
the sultan would have no friend in Eu
rope and would be left to his fate.
But this does not signify that the
task of driving the "sick man" from
Europe would be an easy one. He is
not so sick but that he can put up a
vigorous fight. The Turkish army is
one of the finest fighting forces in the
world.
Of course with the principal Euro
pean powers in an alliance with Rus
sia the Turk would be defeated and
forced out of Europe, but it would not
be without a long and sanguinary
atsnk1s
In such an event the future status
of Macedonia would be only incidental
A TURKISH ARMY OFFICEB.
to the greater question of the parti
tionr of southeastern Europe, which
would follow the ov-erthrow of Otto
man rule. More than likely some sort
of an understanding has already been
reached by the great powers with re
gard, to this dividing up of the sultan's
dominions.
It is hardly probable that the Mace
donians would at present be given
that independence for which they so
eagerly yearn. In the minds of Euro
pean statesmen the population of
Macedonia, made up a$ it is of many
races, and diverse religions-Bulga
rians, Greeks and Turks-is not pre
pared for self government. The most
feasible scheme seems to be the gov
erning of Macedonia by a representa
Live of the great powers under a plan
like that which has worked with ap
parent satisfaction in Crete, where by
reason of conditions similar to those
to Macedonia the sultan was forced by
the powers to grant a Joint protectorate
ever the island, with a Greek prince as
bts gw ernor
JOSEPH L. MORTON.
Ortn Hotel D Roestau
OPEN DAY \ND ŽNIGHT.
Regular Meals Served,
Best in the City. ,
SHORT ORDERS A SPECIAL V.
SPECIAL ATTENTION; T I \
ELEGANT ROO\S-1I B"I
70f-3-5-7 Texas Street, Corner of Louisi
The florsheim Bros.0Dy oods(C,
EXCLUSIVELi WHCALEOA1LLE_ ')EALERS IN
Dry Goods, Notions, Boots, 5
tnd Hats.
510, 512 and 514 iJevee Street. New York Office 77 Franklin
S. B. HICKS, President. YALE HICKS, Vice P
,. F. CHASE, Secretary-Treasurer.
DIRECTORS.
YALE HICKS, S. B. alCKS, W. II. GOS1AN, W\ .F.
T. H. SCOVELL G. H. STEVENSON.
THE HICKS COMPAM
fLIMITED.]
WHOLESALE GROCERS
and COTTON FACTO
Office and Warehouse Corner Spring and Travis Streets, and
Texas and Commerce Streets.
We want our merchant friends in the coun
know that our plant is brand new and up to n
all respects, and all printing entrusted to us
turned out promptly and in the very latest sty
THE CAUCASIAN.
BOWERS' DRUGSTOR
Sue. to Aug. J. Bogel.
Books, * Stationery, * Toilet + Arti
and Fancy Goods.
Manufacturer of Flavoring Extracts, Pure Soda and
eral Waters. Agents for Smith-Premiar Typewriters.
Fresh Garden Seed.
Prescriptions carefully compounded with the best and f
drugs. All favors appreciated and orders given pr
attention.
FRED W. BOWERS. Proprietor.
C. C. Iiardman & Co.,
Wholesale and Retail Dealer in
LUMBER, SHINGLES, SAS
Doors. Blinds and General House
Finishing Goods.
Office and Salesrooms Corner Spring and Crockett.
Lumber Yard Corner Lake and McNeil
SHREVEPORT. LA.
They are here at last'=
OUR GASOLINE STOVES.
Remember we have now a complete line of the best Gasoline Stoves on
The
"INSURANCE NATIONAL."
Years of experience ¶ ave proven the above assertion, "The Best on
They are now on exhibition. Call, examine and price, and yin will buy
F. MARTEL & SON,
Phone 555. 211 Texas,
Gardeners and Truck Farme
TAKE NOTICE!
We have received our new crop T. & V. Branr Challenge Field and
den Seeds from Northern and Eastern seed farmn. This meed poS
strong germinating powers, produces vigorous plants which insures an
cant harvest and means more money in your pockets if you buy this
Write for catalogue and ask for special price, on Seed Corn, Oats,
Barley, Wheat, Amber and Orange Cane Seed, Alfalfa, Clocer. Millet
Seed Potatoes, or send us your order. We guarantee satisfaction.
108oTexas St. TUSTEN & WEIL
WHEN IN NEED OF ANW
Fancy or Staple Groceri
FISH, OYSTERS, FRUIT,
or anything in our line, phone or send us your orders. We will give
prompt delivery and the very best quality at the lowest prices. Call
take a look at our new line of Fancy goods just received.
The I. X. L. Grocery Co.,
512 and 514 Texas St. Phones 87 and 164.