1io & Co.,
s to W. C. Perrin.
8factors, Real Estate
Rental Agents.
St. Shreveport, La
our personal attention to the
n.
0inembers of tl:- Cotton Ex
have access to all the latest
es for storing and insuring
lete.
smake liberal cash advances
nts of cotton.
real estate is large and at
we think we can please all
asers.
otU'ses and farms, collect
prompt remittances, and
non-residents.
patronage and expect to
by strict attention to busi
ort Turf
nge.
latest and most reliable
from the races,
day at the
REVEPORT
HANGE
come and get the results.
'taken from responsible
Sparties.
ABERT,
of an Dealer in
Saddles,
rs, Whips,
, ETC.
TRIMMING
send= des.a
myse e .ea
t;t
ware.
DINO.
SKns nd
4 ded to day
,-il se JI
M acel and
4 4$ saq
LACE AND LINEN.
This Is a Favorite Combiantioan or
Suamer Dresses.
[Special Correspondence.]
New York, April 13.-It has been said
and with good reason that the lace cur
tains have been robbed of their bor
ders. It is of linen, strong and heavy
rather than fine; but, however coarse it
may be, it looks well when laid along
the dresses as a new and. striking gar
niture. The edges to this are naturally
straight, and the square designs give
quite a new character to a drces. Thorn
are any number of round medallions all
rea(ly to sew on a waist or skirt. The
dull co-lo0red grass linens and the lovely
soft vmiles are all more or less orna-'
Uented with lace in one form or an
other.
In one of the swell stores I found
some beautiful gowns and all lavishly
decorated with heavy lace. Some were
white, with thick medallions or other
trimming in deep cream and even
string and ecru. This laid over the
pure white is more striking than any
one would imagine.
Several of the white linen and other
materials were made up with length
wise tucking down to the knees, where
the tucks dwindled out to form the,
flare so much sought after. Above the
hem is laid the lace trimming. The
waists are elaborate and richly gar
nished with lace, put on in every con
ceivable style. Some have the blouse
opened down the front and the two
sides edged with fine embroidery or
else medallions in lace set to represent
one straight line. Between the sides
is a vest made of finely tucked ma
terial of whatever kind is considered
the most suitable. Fine linen batiste
is often employed for the purpose.
In other cases there will be a yoke
made of closely tucked material, and
to this is fastened the rest of the waist.
The- joined place is invariably marked
out with lace in some special design.
The upper parts of the sleeve are also
laid in tucks, while the lower portion
is in full bishop style. Some of these
sleeves are almost works of art, so or
nate 'and complicated they are. The
upper part will be either tucked or
shirred and overlaid with lace, while
the lower is made full and often or
namented fp a degree. One kind had
inner sleeves of the batiste of which
the dress was made and outer ones of
tulle, with large medallions of yellow
lace along. The cuffs were quite deep
and one mass of rich lace over the
tulle.
Pretty figured silks are developed in
much the same manner, with the same
reckless disregard of cost in lace trim
rang. Neat and Frenchy fine taffeta
checks in black and white and dark
blue and white are among the newest
of gowns, and these, too, are plastered
with lace medallions between narrow
lines of fine soutache braid or narrow
velvet ribbon. The cloth suits have
little .or no lace, though some fine
broadloeths do show a few handsome
Wet pleeaste to waist, sometimes also
The sot and dsinty volles show up
the lae .trimming to good advantage.
Many of the pretty mercerized satines
and cotton foulards are trimmed quite
as lavishly as the more coAly stuffs,
rad they look quite as well There are
Blue oems o fr U,1.ii clasis, somae wi~th a
Ltesigi somewit t aIn vrl~s sizes. others
wherei the d ats are Al -alike and tiMl
woer* there is a wandering and
*slga' In arabesques. All are
prity and alely made up. They - Will,
gi,.+ ,mh lsatlsfaction.
Tberm are aroae wondetfully delicate'
*7au4 baby blue Iris W~it. Thei
.!*fiheer and .e; ad' In Spite of e
de.icate tn tBsi -will launder besuti
b, 480. 1a- puat on thema all tb
tslg see wants and be sure-of a
It s `t'r~a iitt%·jiiarlo coat
- , fie au f Sunely ganaished
wj~~j~y ls. pndlas.These
Sseei a aaits _& feiw of thema;
Ainti fro Eai re
' ui . the funta" be
;ih-em het .
BILL ADOPTED.
The Measure of Wyndhamn in Parliament
Agreed to by Convention.
Dublin. April 17.-By an unanimous
vote the Irish Na'ional convention
which met Thursday accepted in pria
cipal the Irish land bill introduced in
the house of commons by Secretary
Wyndam
John Redmond opened the proceed
ings with an impressive speech
"This convention," he declared, "is
the most solemn, the most mo(ll:nto:'5
event in the history of living Irilchnmi
with the exceu)tion of the intr:dnecti;o::
of the home rule bill. There are in
the lives of nations as there are in
the lives of individuals opportunities
which once lost can never be regained
Such an occasion I believe this to be
Whatever defects Mr Wyndam's
bill has, and I am inclined to mini
mize them, its object is the complete
and final abolition of landlordism in all
its essentials. Ireland is united as
she never was before . Each'man must
well weigh his words and. remember
that the whole future of his country
and the welfare of his children and
that of unborn generations may de
pend upon the convention's decision.'
Michael Davitt, received a great
ovation. He demanded the release of
Colonel Arthur Lynch, who is serving
a sentence of life imprisonment after
having been convicted of high treason.
and one other Irish agitator who is
still in jail and whose continued im
prisonment said Mr. Davitt, was un
becoming to the spirit of peace be
tween Ireland and England. Mr. Day
itt expressed many differences of
opinion with Mr. O'Brien, Mr. Red
mond and the majority of the dele
gates, but he promised to abide by the
decision of the convention. Mr. Davitt
spoke of the Irish agricultural laborer.
WARRANTS ISSUED.
Dr- Charles S. Harle to Be Turned Over
-to Mexicain Government.
Washington, April 17.-In issuing a
warrant foithe surrender to the Mex
ican government of Dr. Charles S
Harle,. now held in arrest at El Paso,
Tex., on charge of being an accessory
to a murder committed in Chihuahua
Mex., the state. department took steps
to secure the punishment of a pecu
liarly atrocious crime which has en
gaged the attention of the two govern
ments and one of the big New Yorb
life insurance companies for mans
months. The papers filed at the statt
department alleged that the Mexicar
agent of the company, T. C. Richard
son, a man named Meridith and Dr
Harle conspired to murder a man in
order to collect the insurance on his
life, the policy for which had been Is.
sued by Richardson. The policy was
made out payable to Meridith. The
victim was slowly poisoned to death
and the doctor who attended him cer
titled that he died from natural cans
es. The doctor's defense is that he
did not himself administer the drug
Richardson and Meridith also r
rested in Texas, were discharged by
the'court on the ground of insufficient
evidence. But the Mexican govern.
ment has sworn out new charges and
the two men will be arrested again
and held for extradition.
REVIEWED TROOPS.
Presldent Lonbet Saw Ten Thousand a.
the Algerian Solders.
Algiers, April 17.-President Lou.
bet witnessed the grand military ma
neuvers in which 10,000 troops take
part on Mustapa field. The soldiers
had been drawn from all parts of the
colony and were reinforced by sallors
and marines from the visiting fleets
and by natives organizations. The
Algerian sharpshooters and zouaves
made an imposing display and the
white furnished a brilliant spectacle.
M. Loubet's arrival on the parade
ground was the signal for a great dem
onstration from the military and the
thousands of civilian spectators.
On April 22 to'27 the Cotton Belt
Route will sell-tickets to Richmond, Va.,
and.return at rate of ope and one-third
fate, limited April 28, account meeting
of Southern Educational Conference.
Your stationery speaks for yo'tr ba-i
ness. " ouldn't you rather It had a go- d
word to say? The kind we print is :h,
kind you wanr.
YOUNG WIFEHOOD
A ae rAur Main., l1! o owzmt Ave., Oa . 1101.
ot a b e rwe and more profuse and Iw ltto to my daily duties My husband called ia thee different
itsad I took mediee mcue tokill r a.ae adsewomeN, bit .tall hadno euetun me whatever, uantil! I took
In few days I felt aoba forth atsm general health ed and at thenaet time o dm
''-"more n-atural-and I wa is . neo-verd m- sad teagth sad a op
Diet abs aossna ds of Wl ofi e .aat whI me, weh.i am- to a.. a. ta his
Wine of Cardui brought Mrs. Rieker good health. That is why
she has so much faith in it that she never is without "Wine of Cardui
in her house.
The first months followma mriage are full of peril for the young
wife U a a nd oe of Wine of~ P i ev day is a great reinforcement to
sher strength. Why don't youtry for t same health Mrs. Bicker has?
It is easy to secure if y. take Wine oy Cardui according to directions.
iC(e o ardi tte weaek and wor-oeut women-of any age and
assists the mother an hosewife to bear her eacting duties. t is a
at strain to give birth to children and perform housework, but
Wine f Cardui makes women it for all the duties of womanhood.
It will relieve the pi of irregularit,ures falling of the womb, MRS. BERTHA RIC RR,
l ieaorh.ee, ovarian troubles, and has b kiow to remove what phy President BackBay Woman's Club
sicians considered dangerous tmor. omen who use Wine of Cardui
do not-ster at the monthl peiods. No shock or strain lays them up Boston, Mas.,
in bed for days or weeks with nervous prostration. They do not suffer
hysterical attacks, because Wineof Ca ai givestm strong nerves -reed from the irritation offemale sfering.
A $1.00 bottle or Wine
__+· c~
-- ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ · ----= -----= =- . i."+44++%`+
+ - P + - p| i",:.++++-;+++/ ++ +
WHERE THEY STAND.
The appointive power of the Governor
should be cut dowvn. \\ hy not do some of
the candidates get out before the people
and tell themn where they s>tnd?--icr
rille South.
Thc Caucaiban has :ceen urging per
ic l and untiringly the return of all
: . r to to the ptlie. It is through the
.0 c p r 'ilthat the ,tivern r mayi
'.i-a i. a in i :i ýt i ow ich tr \o:ohlr no t
1i acc i-- with t eicx . idel e in hthe isie
I.ocra , in lth.e Stte ander the (v-ppl
Itt- l -e a:l t t t :\.'n ile :s Ato t
gen "rall concrhn-, r the fie f elfare ofh
Louisiana have the right to d.ands to say
tati,,is, l,ui it is toll-" in order to force
,uch a: iasne an! to keep it alive in the
State eatmpaign. The gx cat majority of
.)nDmocrats in the State and the pcoeple
generally concerned in the welfare of
Louisiana have the right to demand and
should .know where and how stand the
gentlemen who aspire to gubernatorial
honor and to offices generally.
MONUMENT UNVEILED.
Beautiful Memorial to the Confedelate
Dead Is Dedicated.
Austin, April 17.-The monument
erected by Camp John B. Hood, United
Confederate Veterans, to the Confeder
ate dead was unveiled Thursday.
The monument consists of a massive
base 'of gray granite, surmounted by
five heroic figures in bronze, the statue
of Jefferson Davis, president of the
Confederate States of America. com
manding the central position, and a
figure representing each of the branch
es of the Confederate military service
occupying each corner. In the cere
monies Thursday culminated hopes
which have for many years been en
tertained by the members of Camp
Hood. The monument has beenpa
for entirely by subscriptionse raised by
that organization, and as many diffi
culties and embarrassments were con
fronted all along the line, the comple
tion of the memorial is all the more
gratifying.
The sculpture is the work of P. Cop
pine of San Antonio and Frank Teich
of that city was the contractor.
The unveiling wan preceded by one
of the largest parades ever seen in
Austin.
Judge Reagan and ex-Governor Lub
bock made addresses. The former de
clared Confederates were neither trait
ors or rebels, but were forced to
vindicate themselves "when the ma
jority in the national government
trampled over their constitutional
rights." He said that several times
the eastern states had threatened se
cession. At night final exercises were
held in hall of representativs.
GOMPERS REPLIES.
He Declares That Presedeuit Parry RUa
Taken Leave of His Reason.
Washington, April =17.-President
Gompers of the American Federation
of Labor gave out. a statement in re
ply to the annual report of President
Parry of the Manufacturers' associa
tion which was read before that body
in New Orleans. It says:
"If there was any doubt that Mr
Parry had taken. leave of his reason
the report, or rather harangue: which
he made to his conveption demon-1
strates it, beyond any doubt. if the
'Manufacturers' association in conven-'
tion at New Orleans endorsed Mr. Par-i
ry's unjustified. Indigested and ma-.
licious antagonism to the effort that
the workers to secure material and
moral improvement they simply write
themselves down to his low level and
stand committed with him for all the
Injury which must follow from his
rabid utterances, his ignorant ahtagon
Ism which must provoke only resent.
ment and retaliation."
aulet at Jopln
Joplin, Mo., April 17.-Mayor Trigg
issued a proclamation calling a meet
ing of good citizens to drganise fivre
hundred vigilants for the preservation
of order. Although people began to
ill the streets by nightfall Thursday
night, there was no sign qf disorder
We want dO O prinFting.
GOVERNMENT BY INJUNCTION.
The Commoner explains interestingly
the meahing of government by injunc
tion: "A reader of The Commoner de
sires to know the meaning of 'govern
ment by injunction.' It is the name given
to that process of the court by which
nts. mtly federal judge;, have at
!tie rlvetCl Of corporations le-trained the
emlliVeys of the corporations frtn doing
ertr::i silpecifi~d acts. If n-ch a-cts lre
aoicady prohibritd by lew. then the a it
lai f the law shourt tohe punih for coid
thep ,rinr . andi t ehe contempt wa conin'
gited in the ia ipreseny ur. f the or acts pro
discovered the court posre oft pthis bill they
by ccateeded. thn the courfeating it is makitheg a
criminalce law and thime is ot it pnever bevinc.
A bill was introduced some years ago
and pass eid through the senate mfackit,g it
unlawful for a court to punish for con
tempt nle ofs the contempt was cominat
ted in the presence of the court. This bill
passed the senate practically without opt
position, ut as soon astem, and the corporations
discovered the purpose of this bill they
st cceeded in defeating it in the house,
and since that time it has never been
able to pass either house, or, in fact, to
obtain consideration." vention Pl -
FAIR AND DEMOCRATIC.
One of the pleas against the nomina
tion of State officers by primelection is an
tion as is thrat a platform can not be adopt
ed through sippich a system, and that the
party's platform mulist be considered and
approved by a State convention. Plaus
ible as is this pretext, the advantage of
nominations by primary election is mani
fest as demonstrated by practical results
in Mississippi, where, when a gentleman
eners the political list, he declares pub
licly his views and his position on the
issues which concern the peop!e.J nder
uch a system every Democrat in Missis
sippi, before casting his vote, is informed
of the attitude of the candidate of his
choice. There can be no cut and dried
program, no misunderstanding. Having
pledged himself by public declarations,
the candidate nominated and then elected
is in honor bound to keep his pledge or
forfeit the good opinion of his frienis.
Not so with a convention where the+
platform adopted, as characterized by
Bourke Cochran, is a good thing to go in
on but may not be so good a thing to
stand on. Let every gentleman in Louis
iana aspiring to an office, be it governor
or constable, get close to the people and
let the people know where he stands and
w'hat he represents besides his personal
ity. Is this not fair and Democratic?
The Caucasian lives up to its name.
. SHERIFF'S SALE.
No. 8146-In First Judicial District
Court of Caddo Parish, La.: Neith
.Lodge No. 21, I. O. O. F. vs. Frank
U. Wright.
By virtue of a writ of fieri facias to
me issued by the Honorable First Judi
cial District Court, in the above entitled
and numbered suit, I have seized and
will offer for sale at public auction, for
cash, according to law, with the benefit
of appraisement, at the principal front
door of the court house of Caddo par
ish in the city of Shreveport, La., dur
ing the legal hours for sales on
SATURDAY, APRIL 25, 1903,
the following described property, to
wit: All of the stock of wines, liquors,
merchandise, furniture and fixtures and
other property conitained in the premises
occupied by the defendant as a saloon on
Texas avenue in the city of Shreveport,
La.
Said property seized as belonging to
the defendant and to be sold to satisfy
the debt specified in the said !writ, in the
sum- of one hundred and fifty dollars,
with 5 -per cent interest from April 4,
t903, an all costs-of the suit.
S. J. WARD,
Sheriff of Caddo I-arish, La.
Caucasian, April 8, 19go3.
The nrogressive merchant insists that
his clerks present a neat appearance be
cause they represent his store and his
goods. He insists that his stationery pre
sent a neat appearance because it repre
sents his business. If we piint it you will
be sa'isfikd. Phone one thousand.
MARSHAL'S SALE.
No. 1378--A. H. Leonar., G(nt. A. Wil
son and Heirs f \\. A't. Smith vs.
Minnie Burtell.
By virtue of a Fi Fa i<nd : . Inc in
the above tntled i and -n:.lterci c. c he
hale to, me ic1·w-e, . t,, e " b. . .nti-lc, ,
n.d ntim:brl ,,iit ,v t ,e iot, n,, l
La., .I have . eiz ad il r for
(isale at pulic 1u,.ion, Iorti ng tIo r.\
Byithout the (fnet of appriet m - ,. at
Shreeport. La., uring the legal hursb
irst District , rt of Cad rh.
La., I have seized and will otter for
athe atfolllic auction according to law.
wit: Lot itenit appraisemnteent, (6
andhe principal front door of the T courtana
nnouse of Caddo parish, in the city of
Shreveport, La., during the legal iurse
for sales, on
SATURDAY, MAY 9, t.ot; ,
ance book 22. page 17 of the recorder's
office of Caddo parish, iLa.
The said ale t,, be madel o the fol
lowing terms: desr cash tpo make the
sum of $S;oo.oo ,.;whh S per cent interest
thereon from Fel.,ruary 4. ! . 12 and! 5
per cent attorineys fee- on said sum
and interest, and t 1 cost' s of the sruit
nnd on terms of credit to pay one note
of $5.o.oo due pFt ruary 4. 1To4; and
one note for $50co.o due February 4,
T90h; and one :notc for $Soo due Febru
ary 4. 19O6: and one note far $Soo.oo
dle February ,. Too7; each note iear
ing 8 per cent interest per annum from
February 4, 1902.
S. J. WARD,
Sheriff of Caddo Parish, La.
Caucasian April 5. 1903.
RECEIVERSHIP SALE.
No. 6874-Receivership of Shreveport
Abstract and Guarantee Investment
Company.
By xistue of an order of Judge A. D.
Land, First District Court, Caddo Par
ish. La., I will sell at public auction at
the courthouse, Shreveport, La., on
SATURDAY, APRIL II, 1903.
at 12 m.. the personal property of above
corporation, as set forth in inventory on
file in above court.
Terms of sale cash, for not less than
two-thirds appraised value.
C. W. HARDY, Receiver.
MARSHAL'S SALE.
No. 167.--James Riley vs. R. T. Scott:
In City Court, Shreveport, La.
By virtue of a Fi Fa issued to me in
the above entitled and numbered case,
by the Honorable C. D. Hicks, Judge of
the City Court, Shreveport, Fourth
Ward Caddo Parish, La., I have seized
and shall proceed to sell, according to
law, within the legal hours for sales, at
his late nlace of business on Texas ave
nue, in the city of Shreveport, La., on
THURSDAY, APRIL 23, 1903,
one lot of crockeryware, glassware,
tables, etc.
Terms of sale cash, subject to ap
praisement.
JAMES M. MARTIN, Marshal.
April 12, 1903.
MARSHAL'S SALE.
No. 1380-A. H. Leonard, Geo. A. Wil
son and Heirs of W. W. Smith vs.
Jacob Ford.
By virtue of a Fi Fa issued to me in
the above entitled and numbered case by
the Honorable C. D. Hicks= Judge of the
City Court, Shreveport, Fourth Ward
Caddo Parish, La., I have seized and
shall proceed' to sell, according ot law,
within the legal hours for sales, on the
premises in what is known as the Silver
Lake district in the city of Shreveport,
La.. on
TUESDAY, APRIL 28, 1903,
one two-room box house.
Terms of sale cash, subiect to an
praisement.
JAMES M. MARTIN, Marshal.
April I5, I903.
ST. LOUIS EXPOSITION.
On April 26 to 3o inclusive the Cotton
Belt Route will sell tickets to St. Louis
and return at rate of one fare plus $2,
limited May 4. on account of the Na
tional and International Good Roads
Convention and the Louisiana Purchase
Exposition dedication ceremonies.