1HAN.. F. DOLL, Jr.
The Broghan-Doll FurnitureCo.
Wh-lWHOLESAl r AND RETAIL
DEALERS IN
TUBE, MATTINGS LENOLEUM, RUGS, MATTRESSES Etc.
htve thr mx st coni ite line of 1)L ý Wruin; Desks and Dor. oin
in D ini n Bitr de 1 Iapl( \ l a y, Upright ad Mantle
tit.eI - in orn nt t, a pa r r -.wing ronimm .
Will 1)-; y i c 11 ;tfl ,e olr 1 ins fP re h im ing.
PROMPT AT FENTI]N Ti ) (C( NTIRY OR] ENS.
ality and Design...
Are Indispensible in Furniture and
PRICES TO PLEASE
next proposition. I can guarantee satisfaction
IN ALL THREE. Can furnish your house
complete (excepting kitchen). The Newest,
Nicest, Neatest Goods in town.
J, A. STEPHENSON, HEARNE BUILDING.
.G. DREYFUSS & CO.
WHOLESALE DEALERS IN
foods, Boots, Shoes and Hats.
CORNER SPRING AND CROCKETT STREETS.
PT ATTENTION TO COUNTRY ORDERS.
HERMAN LOEB
DEALER. IN
Wool, Tallow, Beeswax, Furs.
STREET, NEXT TO V. S. & P. RAILWAY.
SHREVEPORT, LAr
,tot 1 er the f best prices obtained in' St. Louis, New
Galve ten and Heupon markets. Prompt returns.
43S ý
S 'iVF 1105
fl
F!
s wm}
qMT
A aaY
,> , , ..,,. ,.ý 3^.u': ,' 1ý7; k.,' ..' ý'a ... . _ }F ,ro w s ý"^,.'^.ý' ýý*"aýsýý..ý},
-Ov
IU T-.
Sid` sP X"ý
I N. 11,
74
"n f .t 5 w.
rwT
7V
7 v
1:1'a KI& ill
WAW
< .. ýý": 7i ý i 'T 2ýrywy ',- tip.,.. r+'n a+.s
ur J ' "TýY ni.j p T
.kA
7 q-'ý::$ýsý}"ý yam..
_ y f t>' l y ý` 4
a - ;Frz' '.,,, n.1 {@' 3 , .ý i."'." Uzi
s
44.
Pf".. 'SSE -.L: _ +ý °,lF.ýx -ýý""ý.ý _
7 s:
OR
S .3 y. y d
AN ORDINANCE
Levying Licenses in the City of. Shreve
port for the Year 1903.
SStrio; t , t, it 'ro jined hi the cite
..m- el f the ciy ~f Shrcicrurt, ii
lQi] a enihiv on-s iid.ib that there hi
:;d i i hercby i iid ; license f. r Ele
e. r n o, in each ucrson, a">rcint uAt
"I tierst- or 1 U-in - timt1 and cnr
vtraio t.raclling tnv trade, ~r,'frs
n. calling or business -db
,li ii i
2 S c. 2. \11 li~cnses thallie (nd c aT;i
coluale,~~ tetw~ern tic tit aind =th, ýi
lanuiarv ti o0. ;ili all unpaid license' to
become delinutineta ,-o the rath day of
Jaiitary. 0 ;. after which date penal
ties ;hall aiili.
:II tinsi that commence business after
the 1ith day of January shall begone
delinquent unless license is paid within
24 hours. The city controller shall be
gin the collection of licenses inmnedi
ately after the first of January, 10o3,
and collect the same as fast as nossible.
Sec. ,;. Annual licenses for all kinds
of business hereinafter named, except as
afterward provided for, shall be gradu
ated as follows:
MANUFACTURERS.
Paragraph i. That for carrying on
each business of manufacturing subject
to license tinder Art. 229 of the Con
stitution. the license shall be based on
gross annual receipts of said business as
follows, to-wit:
First Class. When the said receipts
are seventy-five thousand dollars or
itore, the lijense shall he fifty-two and
one-half ($52.50) dollars.
Second Class. When the said receipts
are fifty thousand dollars or more, and
less than seventy-five thousand dollars,
the license shall be thirty-fise ($35) dol
lars.
Third Class. When the said re
ceipts are forty thousand dollars or
mope and less than fifty thousand dol
lars. the license shall be twenty-eight
($28) dollars,
Fourth Class. When the said receipts
are thirty thousand collars or more and
less than forty thousand dollars, the li
cense shall be twenty-one ($21) dollars.
Fifth Class. When the said receipts
are twenty-five thousand dollars or more
and less than thirty thousand dollars,
the license shall be nineteen and one-half
($19.50) dollars.
Sixth Class. When the said reecipts
are less than tweuty-five thousand dol
lars the license shall be fifteen ($15) I
dollars.
Provided, nothing herein shall be con
strued to apply to the business of grind
ing meal, ginning cotton or making su
gar by any fartner or planter.
Para'graph 2. That for each business
,of carrying on a bank, banking compan""
association, corporation or agency the
license shall be based on the declared or
nominal capital and surplus, as follows,
to-wit:
"First Class. When said declared or
noi fial arsital apd surplus is three
`hundred thousand dollars or imore, and
muder four hundred thousand dollars.
the eise Ishaltbe threie handred -aMd
fifty °- ~)- dollars.
" CSeent4 se: Whets saiW'declardI or
b1 saitdIsurplus iatwo; hti
d'# thos~t4 ddoh ns-r more, aud an
'der lsttilr t ithesaid dollars, she
'ee 1 . sh £e betwo linedsa an fity
When saint declare -or
Yari? l ad sv -phias is one hiun
dr$ "tb osniid dollar!; or more,' and' tess
Swo htindre~d thns d doll rs. the
lh.eia st- ; l1.*3 ote hd dtet¶ae4 fi .y=
i C3 a . Whe n ec 'i 4ki&r
d '* it~r t d I I oe
gaud*O Wdtsý th~e Ij&~en
twor
er ~ ~~ d vtl-o s
.ye
ýsan
nec
~ ee lk fiore4,
4p L
cif~
Of
y{ esan
thousand dollars, the license shall be
one hundred and twelve dollars and
tifty cents Szo.
Fortot Class. When the annual gross
'11 nnIo1ias exceed tin thousand dll
lars ond are no more than fifteen thost -
4Li, rs.
nl\1I i 5 . the lce iie ih ll he _ran
C~n--('ll. ;er lker~ l((7t~a(II(I Iii us
le,, i+ I iucltasv 11 I(11(.ýr; w ltiesc
TIt i Btn it flrn liti t n r 7"r of thi. c
Sliu t e mIitdrace and inchu1le all c-ni
ni((iltr )n'n 1or br4,wherago received ht mi
+t+r, +11 ++ Il'1 18. flirm s +i t c'lllm in V On
nvi, lc, an l ourchases made. schither
thc thing hntught or sold is dlit ired or
Sec. ;. fie it further enact ed. tcu..
That each andl every pdyiNn-hroker or
keeper of a loan office, whose capital, in
actual use, is fift; thousand dollars or
more, shall he graded as eighth class,
section fourth, the license shall be five
hundred ($;oo) dollars; that when the
capital in actual use is less than fife
thousand dollars shall be graded as oth
class, section fourth, the license shall be
three hundred and seventy-five ($375)
dollars.
Sec. 6. Be it further enacted, etc.,
That for every wholesale mercantile
business, whether as principal, agent or
commission, by auction, representing the
foreign merchants or otherwise, the li
cense shall be based on the gross annual
amount of sales, as follows:
First class. When the gross sales are
one million five hundred thousand dol
lars or more, the license shall be four
hundred ($4oo) dollars.
Second class. When gross sales are
one million dollars or more, and under
one million five hundred thousand dol
lars. the license shall be three hundred
$( -oo) dollars.
Third class. When gross sales are
eight hundred thousand dollars or more,
and under one million dollars, the li
cense shall he two hundred and fifty
425o) dollars.
Fourth class. When gross sales are six
hundred thousand dollars or more, and
tinder eight hundred thousand .dollars,
the licenses hall he two hundred ($2oo)
dollars.
Fifth class. When gross sales are
five hundred thousand dollars or more,
and tinder six hundred thousand dollars,
the license shall be one hundred and fifty
($iGo) dollars
Sixth class. When grass sales are two
hundred and fifty thousand dollars or
more, and not more than five hundred
thousand dollars, the license shall be one
hundred ($too) dollars
Seventh class. When gross sales are
two hundred and fifty thousand dollars
or lels, the license shall be fifty ($50)
dollars. -
Provided, that no Berson or persons
shall' be deemed wholesale dealers un
less he or they sell by the original or
unbroken package or barrel only; and
provided further, that no person or per
a' ' shall be deeme4 wholesale dealers
ess he or they sell to dealers for re
If they sell in less quantities than
a a tainbken otackages or barrels,
shalt he considered retail dealers,
: "lpay: icensses as such. That for every
btsiesus sellisg at retail, whether as
a pcipal, agent on coninmission or other
ie. the license shall be based on the
g s annual amount, of sales, as fol
ows -
First class. V heu gross sales are two
hundred thousand dollars or more, the
license shall -he one hun 'red and fifty
($1 dlolidrs._
aecond class" When gross sales are
one huldred and fifty thousand dollars
1w shore. and under two hundred thoes
Md dollars. the license shall he one hun
d $too)* dollars.
Tird class. When gross sales are
sde nty-five thousand dollars or more,
tid under - one hundred thousand dol
lars, the license shall be seventy-five
($75) dollars.
Fourth class. When gross sales are
fift thousand dollars or more, and un
der seventy-five thoetsand dollars4 the li
cente shall be fitty ($soY dollars.
Pfiftb class. When gross sales are forty
thousand °dollars or more, and tinder
-fifty thousand dollars, the license shall
be forty ($o) dbllars.
-Sixth class. When gross sales are
thirty thousan4 dollars or more and sn
dat forty tjiousand- dollars. the license
shall be thirty {-$t) dollars.
Seventh class. Whets gross sales are
twepty-fve thousand dollars or more and
nder` -thirty- thusit d dollars,' -the _li
cense -shall .be twenty-five ($a) .dollars.
E gh~ class. Whe; orose sales are
twem# thousand dollars or more and an
4er" t e7-flYe thousand dollars, the .
twenty ($!o) dollars.
kf-lth_ cats When gross sales. are
fifteen thousand 4-hts or more and un
de "twieny tho sand dollars, the license
shal be fifteen ($Ss) dollars.
T tnh Mlass When gross sakes are
les than fiftee thousand dollars and
t tve thois ad dollars, the Ii
b te4 f$o dollars.
lvienth tns, When gross sales are
five thosand doll ars of less, the license
shal. -he fie ($5) dollars.
Provided that if any distilled; vinous,
uath or other kind p1 mised.1liiq ors be
sold in connection with the business of
retail nterbaam, grocer, oyster house,
confectioa4ry, or in less quantities than
five gallons, the license lfor such addii
tional business shall he as hereinafter
provided in section ai of this a:t oiro
vided further, that no license shall' issue
to sell liqg ,_ i less quanttit:s ' i.an one
uart. for les, than Ave. huandred ($,oo)
dollars.
Provided, that retail drug stores own
ed or coutollkd and managed by a rev
licensed :grad ate of pharmacy,
and seiflig vions,,niritout or alcoholic
liquors in less itles than one quart
as drug or medicahe only shall nay the
lieehs st in this section, and
shall` not " *quited to procure the
licnse requ jr for saloons. etc.~ under
this act a retal liqu&r dealers.
otYOViI further. that if drug stores,
s di" ountains ar other aerated `water
e offes o Wtle in Žonnection with
waters a vinous. iiritous or al
i liquors, suck drug stores, soda
or `eilers'=hall be required to
taki 'dt lic "-a's retail i sac, dealers
K saloos, s, etc. as provided
53 ~ i fi4lson uS esj
cent in cases of illness and u"--t th(
iiri ttn Orescripti On of a physician rcn
Indry aulthori-zed to practice undecr thi
layi. of this State: ,theraie theuni
lic nii t(' .ell <knii -hall hi Taniiii
t11 (iii -h ll ['i r1
1 11 c lit ii : i
nu ( a nd r ch companr (' ppii I '"
.11r ii '1111 11
11r i e(I iiiii. Hilt taiN C lliC'~ t ;1
;r, " : ecrtiica(te from )Il he icrretr
f St:tecCertifying tf iie liin 'it if h"
trani-:icted d(uring the pricedin'
Year by such company as -hliwin bi the
.wiwirn statement on file in his Office and
the license of each company shall be
biased titon such certificate.
Sec. S. Be it further enacted. etc..
That each and ever' life and accident
insurance company (society), associa
tion. corporation or other organization
or firm or individual doing and conduct
inn a life or accident insurance business
of any kind in this city, whether such
company (society), association, cor
noration or other organization or firm
or individual is located or domiciled here
or operating here through a branch de
partment, resident board, local office.
firm. company, corporation or agency of
an- kind whatsoever, shall pay a sepa
rate and distinct license on said busi
ness for each company represented, and
said license shall be based on the gross
annual amount of oremiums on all risks
located within the city and on all risks
located elsewhere contracted fqr in the
city or from offices in the city for which
local license is not paid elsewhere, as
follows, to-wit:
First class. When said premiums are
forty thousand dollars or more, the li
cense shall be three hundred ($340) dol
lars.
Second class. When said premiums
are thirty thousani dollars and less than
f >rty thousand dollars, the license shall
be two hundred and twenty-five ($223)
dollars.
Third class. When said premiums are
less than thirty thousand dollars, the li
cense shall be one hundred and fifty
($150) dollars.
Sec. o. Be it further enacted, etc..
That each and every fire, marine and
river insurance guarantee, surety or in
demnity company, society, association,
corporation or other organization or
firm, or individual doing and conduct
ing a fire, marine or river insurahce,
guarantee, surety or indemnity business
of any kind in-this city, or any other in
surance business not otherwise provided
for, whether such company, society, as
sociation, corporation or other organi
zation or firm, or individual, is located
or domiciled here or operating here
through a branch department, resident
board, local office, firnat companv. cor
poration or agency of any kind wlhatso
ever, shall pay a separate an4 distinct
license on said business for each coim
pony represented, and .said license shall
be based on the gross atunial amount of
premiums on all risks located within
this city, and on alt risks located e1te.
where conttactedtfor in the pity, or from1
ofllies in the city for which local license
is not paid elsewhere, as folo ws, to
wit :
First class., When annual premiums
are two thousand dollars or less, the lit
cense shall be fiorty ($So) dollars..
Second class. W sent asnual premiums
are over two thousand= dollars and less
than, three thousand dollars the license
shall. be sixty-five, ($65) dpllars.
Third class. When annual pVemiums
are three thousand dollars and less than
four thousand dollars, the license shall
be ninety ($goI% dollars:
Fourth class. When annual premiums
are four thousand dollars and less than
six thousand dollajs. the license shall be
one hundred arid fitee ($t5) dollars.
Fifth class, - annual premiums
are six thoui deollar~s and, not over
fifteen thousand y ars, the license shall
be one hur9adsd and fifty ($trS) dollars.
SLths class. ,When asnuial premiums
are over fifteen thousand dollars and
less than twentylrthousand dollars, the 1i
cease shall be two hundred and twenty
five ($22c' 'dlla, s.
Seventh class.; When adnual premiums
are twenty thouesand dollars and less
than thirty thousand dollars, the license
shall be two hundred and seventy-five
th s When annual premiums
are thirty thousand dollars and over,
the licene ihall be three hundred ($3oo)
4ollars.
S 'c. in. fE it further enacted, etc.,
That every oimnlati or regular coach or
ket"ke bIusiness, colketing agencies or
agenti for the enilection of monies, ac
counts, notes, -0c., and for every busi
hess of teau~spd ting money, merchan
dise or otfter aticles, by express or
transfer, of opierating one or more tow
boars or tugboats. or keening a ware
houfe or stot#ge room, or landing
whTet tgoods and- merchandise are re
cei`edand deliVered, the licenses hall be'
based on the' gross annual receipts of
said business as follows< (Ther'e shall
be six classes of this business) :
First laiss1 When the gross annual
reveipts are-two hundred thousand dol
atrs or more, the license shall he one I
hundred and7ffty ($r5o) dollars.
Secon cass. When the gross annual
receipts are one hundred and fifty thous
and dollars or. more, and less than two
hundred thousand dollars, the license
shall be one hundred ($.uoo) dollars.
Third class. When the gross annual
receipts are one hundred thousand dol
lats or more, and less than one hundred
and fifty thousand dollars. thi license
shall be seventy-five ($75) dollars.
Fourth class. When the gross annual
receipts are seventy-five thousand dol
*0 or note, and less than one hundred
thousam4b dollars, the license shall be
fifty, $5o) dollars.
°iF;4 class. When the gross annual
receipts are twenty-five thousand dol
tars or more. end less than seventy-five
thousand dollars, the license shall he
forty ($40) dollars.
Sixth class.. When the gross annual
receipts are Tess than'twenty-five thous
and dollars, the license shall be thirty
:($ ) dollars.r
Provided, that warehouses receiving
F `three hundred dollars per year
- no license. That for every
rots f persois business
a sitarage bus
. ý
mess of sugar and molasses excluii-vely
or either of then. the lienO.e shall be
h a~d on the ;r annual receipt- if
c:.rry ne ,,n, ntperatilng <r ru~nnilg any
h , r t.;nut or cleclnc railroad or
Ii lhP fr u hle I utr tnso rtatinn oýf p; swen
eers w thi n Ile inntit of c'tt ihcrlslhall
he three graides hboued on actual gross
receipt, a, i 1 ý l s .i 7.
First class. \\ hen the annual gross
receipts are twenty-tive thousand dol
lars or in excess of that amount, the li
censes hall he one hundred ($too) dol
lars.
Second class. When the annual gross
t eceipts are less tha , twenty-five , hous
and dollars and monre than three tnous
and dollars, the license shall he fifty
($jo) dollars.
Third class. When the annual gross
neceipts are three thousand dollars or
less, the license ;hall he fifteen ($t;)
dollar;.
Provided further, that each and ev
ery company, association, corporation or
firm conducting the business of a deben
ture redemption com",any. or loan and
investment comoanies. whether domti
ciled in or out of the State, but author
ized to do business herein. shall be sub
ject to an annual lie,.nse based anon the
gross receipts as follows, to-wit:
First class. When the gross receipts
}are over ten thousand dollars, the li
cense shall be one hundred ($too) dol
lars.
Second class. When the gross receipts
are ten thousand de,:Itrs and less, the 11
cense shall be seventv-five ($75 ) dollars.
Sec. i t. Be it fit:thter enacted, etc..
That for carrying ;t: each business of
gas light, electric inght, water works,
shoot the chutes. miniature railroads,
saw mills employing ten or more hands,
telegraphing Cincluding local and dis
trict telegraph), telephoning, express
company, cotton compress or ginnery,
cotton pickety. slaughter house, distil
lery and rectifying alcoholic or malt
liquors, brewing ale, beer, porter or
other malt liquors, manufacturing to
bacco. cigars or cigarettes, refining su
gar or molasses or either of them, man
ufacturing cotton seed oil, oil cake or
cotton seed meal, the license shall be
based on the gross annual receipts of
each person, association of rerrons bus
iness firm or cortoration engaged in said
business; as follows :
First class. When the said gross an
nual receipts are fifty thousand dollars
or more, the license shall be one hundred
and twenty-five ($123) dollar:..
.Second class. When said gross 'amnnal
receipts are thirty-seven thousand .five
hundred dollars or more, and- less than
fifty 'thousand dollars, the license shall
be ninety-three dollars and i. -enty-five
cents ($93.75).
Third class. When the said gross an
nual receipts are twenty-five thousand
dollars or more and less than thirty-sev
en thousand five hundred dollars, the li
cense shall be sixty-two dollars and fifty
cents ($12.50).
Fourth class. When the said grass
annual receipts are over twenty thous
and dollars and less than twenty-five
thousand dollars. the license shall be
fifty ($5o) dollars.
Fifth class. When the said Eross an
nual, receipts are over fifteen thousand
dollars and less than twenty thousand
dollars. the license shall be thirty-seven
dollars and fifty cents ($37.50).
Sixth class. When the said gross an.
nual receipts are lese than fifteen thous
and dollars, the license shalt be twenty
($20) dollars.
"Sec. 12. Be it further enacted, etc.,
That all associations. coroorations or
companies chartered or created by the
laws of other states or foreign countries
who may engage in their own names or
in the name of their representatives or
agents in this city in the sale of coal
oil, petroleum, naptha. benzine or other
mineral oils, whether crude or refined,
shall pay as annual license of five dol
lars for each one thousand dollars of
such sales."
"Sec. 13. Be it further enacted, etc..
That all associations, corporations or'
companies. domiciled outside of this
State. who directly or through an agent
or renresentatives. deal in fresh meats.
or cured, salted or smoked meats, in this
city shall nay an annual license of two
dollars for each one thousand dollars of
proceeds from all such business.
Sec. 14. Be it further enqr:e&. etc..
That the license herein provided for
shall he graded in two classes or so
many thereof as shall be hereinafter in
dicated as follows:
That for every business of keeping
a theatre. opera house' amphitheatre,
academy of music. license shall be based
on the quantity of space aevoted to spec
tators, to be calculated by the number of
seats or ordinary space ;or seats, as fol
lows:
First class. When the number of seats
or spaces exceed five hundred, the li
rense shall be one hundred ($0oo) dol
lars.
Second class. When the number of
seats or sj'aces is or less than five hun
dred. the license shall be seve-nt--five
($7:) dollars.
Provided that no museum, menagerie.
circus or other traveling show shall be
permitted to make exhibitions within
the city. unless they have first paid a
license based on the number of attaches,
whether proprietors, p~erformers or lth
er emploves. as f sllow :
First class. When bte , nuinber 0 >aid
nersons is ne huIndred ,r mncr'. the li
cense shall In tip e hI.dýrrd ii t00 dol
Second cia . Whenx'1 the nil'l 'r if
said persons u- se el-ty-tine or more. and
less than one hundred. the license shall
be, four hundred S oo > dollars
Third class. \\h the nulber ~f
said persons is fifty or more, and less
than seventy-five, the license shall be
three hundred ($300) dollars.
(Continued on page 4.)