THE WORK OF THE CHRISTIAN HER
ALD RELIEF EXPEDITION.
Dr. Klopueh Carrie. Sueeor Freo
America to the Pamllme Stricken
People of the Far North - Many
Live. Are Thu. Skved.
[(Speclal Correspondence.
Kajana, orthern Finland. April 9.
-The members of the Christian Her
ald famine relief expedition, who just
arrived In sledges at this little town on
the top of the world, are the first
Americans ever seen in this part of
the czar's empire in winter. Never be
fore indeed has an American traversed
northern Finland at this season of the
year. We are now several days dis
tant by sled from the railroad, at the
very heart of the sorest spot in the
famine stricken districts of the coun
try, called. In Finnish, 8uomi, the Land
of Many Lakes.
The party is headed by Dr. Louis
Tilopselh, proprietor of the New York
Christian Herald, through whose ef
- ,s
EFGOOE HUT fN PINLAND.
forts a large sum of money has been
collected from benevolent Americans
for the starving of Finland.
He is nco.ompanied by Dr. .1. N. Reu
ter of the Helsingfors university, rep
resentingthe Finnish central relief
committee; Mr. Robert Allopaeus, su
perintendent of the government indus
trial schools, and by the writer. The
party has already traveled over 20X)
miles in sledges over frozen lakes and
rivers, from one forest town to anoth
er, sometimes cutting their way
through fields of virgin snow, again
pushing ahead on skees to reach the
more remote cottages where starvation
lurks. Ten, fifteen and twenty miles
-must oftentimes be traveled between
two neighboring cottages. With the
thermometer ever and ever far below
uero and the snow gale driven like the
sands' of the desert, It is manifestly
true that such a journey is a test of
physical endurance and of Job-like pa.
tience.
The party carries its own supply of
provisions, an absolute necessity in a
section where all the peasantry have
subsisted for months on hunger bread
dipped in salt water. Such are the gen
eral facts pertaining to the fur wrapped,
fur booted and fur capped party which
emerged from the forest depths tonight
after many days spent in driving from
villages where the suffering was bad
Lndeed to villages where the suffering
ras even worse. Kajana, a town of
1,200 souls and the center of the fam
ine in Finland, is decidedly an lasis
It this particular relief party, for here
for the time being are a good inn,
little t.psh food and some of the comi
eorts of ievilisation.
The first cry of wee from this tar
sorthiand was hear around the world,
Mnt no country heeded it so far as
ao elicit a response in the form of
roposals for help save America. It
Was natural that people in the United
Rates should be the first to Osten at
natively to Finland's wall of ditress,
"or toward America flows the great
ide of emigration free 8uomL
The chief divisions of the Paniab
aleMntry are the fairmers who are
andowners and the tenant fhrmers.
t tI among the latter that thfl sutk
1g Is most acute. per two weeks we
ave visited the bomes of tenast tarm
Si,, and in evser essefthe sight of amI
ay and the story of twant have been
he smmel
It should be explaheed. that we al
nray carried a sledal of bead !:,-d
aft a number at leaves at each ut
age. Sometimes we chanced upon
saene wherein the lasticrumb had been
eusumed, the motherland father hav
ing gone forth in seaseh of work. In,
Lh istancs our loamves came just in
nick of' time. BLa every stricken
S.iso Finnish darks were left
they would ~e found after we
haddriven away. -
From where I write I can peer
uro-ugh a window aut wupon a scene of
uailing whiteresa all illumined by the
wile spreading flames of the aurora
borealis. This great torch ft. heaven
maeof a thousand thousand rainbows
reveals tp the citisesap of Kajana _a
am berAof outlyingl.ottages where In
sio8)lu starvation gnaws at the vitals
tof e within Whle thetincandes
sof the nortarn lMgt imparts I
e to the aeew asreising the im
Sa+atien to grasp the ilgal.atce of
revelatlon et thei suerdog of those
hohath not a anoesuln :omnd and
am ' out the vast salence.
It intihe sound f hbman voLes., male
Vele sinag ing lan aloes of the
melancholy fplklore swoes of the north.
Thi.e oung men of .jasasaw serenad
.gt the Amerlncsa . I yun ml e of
Eajana, through the mseine of ate
atiosai ctom,. s.e singlig the-i
thanks to the wh tq Ameripea natlee
fi the aid give, their suip .lnP tiWe
-f direst uaed. A bet th e tee o the
p hat aa al ir eaI n the 1of
1tstpn4 to of at as paspe(
*** fU ed al
hast deae 1m)
HATS FOR GIRLS.
New Millimer Poer Little Women.
How to Make Mob Shape Bonnets.
([Special Correspondence.]
New York, April 20.-No, indeed! The
little ones are not to he left out of the
list of those who are to have big hats
this season, and the smaller the child
the bigger the hat. Some of them In
tended for children of four and five
years are large enough for numbrellas.
For the very small children hats are
made most often this season of heavy
linen, the brims being formed by the
wide plaits. Some of the linen hats
have borders of lace along the folds,
while the front is decorated with an
immense bow of ribbon, generally
white. The form is what used to be
called mob shape. The crown is cut
about twice as large as it is expected
to be when finished, and this is then
gathered to fit the head. There should
be a round of featherbone cord which
is flexible and yet quite strong enough
to keep the band in shape. The folded
border is to be cut about six inches
wide and four times the circumnference
of the size desired on the outside edge.
This is hemmed and the folds laid in
generally in double box plaits. If lace
is to be put on, it should be put on the
brlm Iprtion before it is plalitel. When
the folds are sewed firmly and meas
ured so that the edge will fit exactly to
the crown, both are to be sewed togeth
er with a deep and solid over and over
seam. This then is to be trimmed off
and bound. The ribbon can then be
made into the big double bow and set
on in front and twisted around the
back, falling in ends If so desired.
I have been thus prolix, as it is very
easy for clever little mothers to make
these dainty bonnets for their tots
themselves. The materials of the best
need not cost over $2, while these plc
turesque affairs cost at the stores as
high as $15.
Burnt straw is very suitable for
everyday hats, and they are well and
prettily trimmed with a shirring of
louisine ribbon and a few flowers
around the crown. This style is for a
girl from ten to twelve. The shape is
fiat and round, so that it can be bent
into almost any form to adapt it to the
face beneath. One has a shirring of the
wide ribbon in a pale frosty blue, and
in spots are small clusters of pink
roses with a vine of leaves the rest of
the way around. A handsome hlint for a
girl of from twelve to fifteen had the
round and slightly upturned bIrim of
blue straw faced with heavy lace, and
the brim had a wreath of life size blue
morning glories all around. In the back
Was a many looped bow with drooping
ends. This design was carried out in
flowers of other shades and kinds.
A dress hat for a child of eight or
ten was of white satin braid, with a
flexible and much bent brim, which
had a deep ruffle of lace lying along
the upper side all around. The crown,
which was not very high, was conm
pletely hidden under a mass of white
daisies, with their foliage. At the baca
was a bow of wide satin ribbon, with
ends a quarter of a yard long.
For what one child designated as
"carriage babies" there are any.
amount of dainty hoods and caps. One
baby passes my window every after
noon who has ,a hood made of some
"
MAts Pon L OTT.Na YOax.
loft white material, with many box
folds standing up smartly in front, and
on the outside there is an arrangement
of ruffles of edged lace made very full,
m' that the whole is deliciously fluffy.
Oh the inside of the brim is a quilling
of pink ribbon which reaches out quite
to the edge. This is in turn edged with
narrower ruffle of the lace setting
dose to the sweet little face. The
strings match the ribbon facing.
I find that I have room to say a few
words about the dreaes for the same
little ones who are to wear the mar
relous headgear. Deep blouses and
abort skirts seem 'to be the rule for all
over and a few under six. The cool
and comfortable little Hubbards are in
vogue for the small ones, and the sailor
shapes are much liked for the older
ones. Russian blouse suits for street,
with light colors trimmed with lace
laid on as applique, like the garments
of their mothers, seem to be the most
fashionable. There are so many mate
rils siltable tfr girls that it is not nee
easery to mention them, but serge, al
btrtoas, heavy aatural linens and the
pretty wool Oies are all desirable. Of
e.rs.e this does not mention the long
ist of wash goods, and of these there
isan endles choice.
China and- samsh printed silks are
ss made for small girls and also the
mPo cbeekL. Dark ox blood red is
i k hsgfvori coloms sad is e1p
s* dest able When priatd in palksa
as . o rs asran
ALASKAIN-UKON! LIRE.
Boundary Dispute Between the
United States and Canada.
ITS EFFECT OR LOOAL OONDITIONB
The Territorial Coatroversy Whble
Works Disastrously to Both Amerl
cans and Canadians-Pdbltloa and
Attitude of Skaguay.
[Special Correspondence.]
Skaguay. Alaska, April 10.-The clt
Izens of the United States and those of
the Dominion of Canada in this pioneer
and progressive town and In the terri
tory adjacent to it are alike pleased
that there is finally to be a settlement
of the long standing boundary dispute,
which, they hope, will be final. While
there Is a very radical difference of
opinion as to how it should be settledi,
C'anadians and Americans are agreed
that the question ought to be settled
poeedily and for all time. So both
sides look forward with a d(egree of
satisfaction to the winding up of a
mlst' troublesome controversy, whic'h
has caused no end of annoyance and
disturbance to both.
It is gratifying also that the settle
mont, as provided under the terms of
the Hay-Hrrbert treaty, is to Ihe based
on a strictly legal interpretation of the
Alaskan treaties and not upont diplo
-,
LYNN CANAL, ALASKA.
iOn which boundary dispute hinges.]
matle agreement admitting of recip
rocal concessions. which would satisfy
neither side.
Not least important of the things to
be settled by the Alaskan boundary
commission is the nationality of Skag
nay and Dyea., which are in the dis
puted territory. Under the modus vi
vendi provided by the last boundary
commission these towns and immedi
ate adjacent territory are temporarily
held by the United States, but it Is not
only desirable, but necessary, that their
permanent status should be definitely
defined.
The dispute, so :ar as they are con
cerned, centers on the geographical
classification of the Lynn canal, upon
which they are located. The United
States authorities claim that this so
called canal is a great arm of the sea
and that under the terms of our trea
ties with both Russia and Great Brit
aln the boundary should be thirty
knots inland from its innermost shores.
The Canadian contention" is that the
canal is territorial water. that the real
coast line runs across its entrance frem
headland to. headland and that the
boundary should be thirty knots fran
this entrance. As Skagnay. at the head
of the Lynn canal. is from sixty-five to
seventy miles from the entrance, it
would become a Canadian town if this
latter interpretation were allowed.
Nevertheless Canadian vessels could
not reach the port without passiag
through about thirty miles of United
States water.
Both Skaguay and Dyes are mainly
peopled by citizens of the United
States, to which government they are
intensely loyal. This has been dem
onstrated on more than one occasion,
and more than once this loyalty has"
come near precipitating a quarrel that
might have led to serious international
complications. They are bitterly op
posed to Canada and all things Cana
dian, particularly the Canadian con
stabulary and customs official They
have felt and m~sfered under what they
call the oppressive mining laws and
customs duties of the Dominion.
When the rich Atlln district, just
across the old boundary line, was dis
covered by Americans, Skagnay had a
"beat" on the strike: The American
citizens of the town hustled across the
White pass and staked out the best
claims. By every sort of miners' right
and justice, they declared, they owned
these claims. Then came the Canadian
officials and insisted that they must be
come subjects of the British crown or
give up their claims. This in the main
they refused to do and came back to
Skaguay and devoted their energies to
building up an Amerlc'an town. They
stocked their stores so thoroughly that
much of the valuable outfitting trade of
the interior came to them. They of
fered no end of spending opportunities
to Klondikers who came out with gold
en fortunes. They prospered and be
gan to consider building up a perma
nent city. Then again came the Cana
dians and laid claim to the town, but
the Americans kept on doing business
and making money, though they were
not so eager about the permanency of
the city.
`"If the Canadians get Skaguay,"
they declared, "we'll move the city."
And doubtless they would have tried
to do so, as there are plenty of har
bors and town sites on the Lynn canal
In water that is unquestionably Ameri
can where they could build up an
Ameriean city.
Skaguay stands for an American
Alaska, and every mile of it can poss
t be esew to the stars and stripes
Q
lts, hostility to the union Jack was
shown on two notable occasions.
When the Canadian mounted police
during the second spurt of the ruAh to
Dawson moved their customs head.
quarters from lake Bennett to the
summit of White pass, they raised a
British flag. It was speedily torn
down by a raiding party from Skaguay.
Again the mounted policemen raised
their flag and stationed a guard to de
fend it. Again a determined party set
out from Skaguay to pull it down.
There probably would have beetn blood
shed if it had not been for the ener
getic efforts of some Americalns of
prominence. The Skaguay party went
on to the summit, planted a higher flag
pole a few feet nearer the sea than
was the British flag and swung out the
stars and stripes. The two floated
there all one summer undlsturbed.
Since the White Pass and Yukon rail
road across the mountains was coum
pleted Skaguay has rapidly forged
ahead and is now the principal gate
way to the Klondike. It has passed
through several stages of develolpment.
At tlte beginning of the Klondike
rush it was al dumpin:g pince for those
who could not lllnd room to cross the
Chilkoot pass back to D)yen. An enter
prising prospector put a wagon road
across White pass, and Skagnuty be
came a city of tents. After that It was
a rough lumber town, with every othier
roof of tent cloth. Now it has settled
down to houses and stores like those
of ordinary western towns. It has tel
egraphic communication with the out
side world as well as with i)awson,
in the center of the goldfields. Mails
appear regularly. and there is never a
danger of a shortage of the food slp
ply. All it needs. now is to have its na
tionality definitely settled, and settled
right, to become a prosperous and pro
aressive city.
The annoyances of the present ntein
able situation are manifold and per
plexing, particularly in relation to the
collection of customs duties. W\hile
Canadian mining laws have operated
greatly to the disadvantage of Amer!
can prospectors and miners, American
customs and regulations have eullsed
the Canadians especial trouble and loss.
'rite latter can scarcely Ibe blamnled for
strenuous insistence that the ports of
Skaguay and I)yea, now temporarily
at least tinder American Jnrisdiiction,
are within the Canadian line, as thlir
location on the Lyin eanlll mllakes tlltln
the only nacessible and practicable out
lets to the Pacific from tlit utpper Yu
kon country in British territory. The
Canadians are thus prevtented from en
tering their own territory except by
complying with the United States. cus
toms regulations.
For instanee, Canadian goods shipped
from. say, Vaneonver to l)awson re
quire to be accompanied by a certified
i1lvoice and copy of the bill of lading
consigned to the Pacific and Arctic
Railway and Navigation company to
enable it to execute a bond for twice
the value of the goods required by the
United States government before the
goods can he loaded on cars. The cost
of the lbond and the charge for prepar
ing the necessary papers are paid by
the Canadian shipper.
Should the required copy of invoice
and bill of lading be not forthcoming
the goods are held by the United States
customs pending their arrival. Should
any portion of a shipment be left over
in Vancouver and be forwarded on a
following steamer the goods are held'
over at Skaguay until another copy of
the certified invoice and bill of lading
is received.
There are likewise difficulties of po
lice control, of administerng the crimi
nal law, of legislative action and of a
thousand things growing out of an in,
ternational beendary dispute under the
most exciting and dangerous conditions
In a primitive an@ unsettled country.
That any semblance of orderly govern
ment has been maintained in such an
anomalous political state is a matter o
wonder. One of the frwits of it was the
BOUNDARY LAGos. sUMMIT Op WHITE PAS.
futile attempt made last winter to or
ganize a conspiracy under the guise of
"the Order of the Midnight Sun" to
obtain by force possession of the Yu
kon territory.
The definite settlement of the bound
ary line might not remedy all the politi
cal and administrative ills from which
the territory now suffers, but it would
greatly allay the existing friction,
while the enactment of mutually help
ful and satisfactory extradition laws
and customs regulations would likely
in good time - bring about a state of
tranquillity, order and amity permit
ting the proper and peaceful develop
gment of this marvelously rich terri
tory. Of course it would be vastly bet
ter if the whole Yukon country could
be ceded outright to the United States
and made, with Alaska, a territory and
ultimately a state of the American
Union, but that is perhaps for the pres
ent out of the question. However, it is
vitally important both to the Dominion
and to the United States that the com
mission which nOw has the matter in
hand reach a speedy, and permanent
da4jautment of the perplexing c.nntr
Seap.. HMABK JOHNSON.
5d-31..'
RIDER AGENTS WA
in each town to take orders for our new
Guaranteed Bicycles.
New 1903 Mod.
eO Isekp," Completo
O g ossao/ Guaranteed Ilikh Grade 1
"Siberfan," A I eauty ,
" Neo.orf," Road Racer
no better bicycle at any price.
Any other make or model you want at
usual price. Choice of any standard tires ad
equipment on all our bicycles. Strongest
We SHIP ON APPROVAL C. o. D. to
without a cent deposit and allow 10 DAYS
TIAL before purchase is binding.
TA. taken in trade by our Chicago retail stores,
all makes and mtodels, gt l as new ..........,
T' s DO NOT BUY 1)1R'.,lo ,.,t l you have -R .
a s DO u B FACTRY PRICES AND FREE TRIAD
Tires, iupln1.*t, isuln ies and sporting goods of all kinds. at halt re mal -
in ourbig freesundry catalog. Contains a world of useful infor(mationL. WrIit
J. MEAD CYI LE CO., Chicago,
HENRll I ROS MIER(ATIL 0 1 Mi . (0. LT
/'holesale Dealers in All Kinds *
Fruits, Produce, Field and
Garden Seeds.
Proprietors of SHREVEPORT STEAM BOTTLINGQ
WORKS and #HREVEPORT STEAM
CANDY FACTORY.
517 to 521 Spring Street, *hreveport, La.
WHEN IN NEED OF ANY
Fancy or Staple Groceries.
4FISH, OYSTERS, FRUIT,
or anything in our line, phone or sendl us your ordecr.. We will give yo0.
prompt delivery and the very Iwst quality at the lowes.t 'rices. Call auAl
take a look at our new line of Fancy goods just rcccivc(l.
The I. X. L. Grocery Co.,
512 and 514 Texas St. Phones 87 and 164.
HERMAN LOEB
DEALER aIN
Hides, Wool Tallow, Beeswax. Furs.
COM'MIERCE STREET, NEXT TO V. S. & P. RAILWAY.
SI-REEEPORT, I.A.
I guarantee to the sellers the best prices obtained in St. Louis, New
Drleans, Vicksburg, Galveston and I louston markets. P'romit returns.
THE FAMOUS
"WHITE MOUNTAIN"
REFRIGERATORS and ICE CHESTS
Are now on exhibition at
F. MARTEL,& SON,
One of these with an 'Insurance" Gasoline Stove, a "Wonder" Freezer, an
airy Hammnck, will fix you up to withstand the torrid heat of the coming stumn
mer.
Phone 555. al Texas St.
Gardeners and Truck Farmers.
¶AKE NOTICE ?
We have received our new crop T. & W. Brand Challenge Field and Gar
den Seeds from Northern and Eastern seed farm'. This seed possesses
strong germinating powers, produces vigorous plants which insures an abun
dant harvest and means more money in your pockets if you buy this seed.
Write for catalogue and ask for special prices on Seed Corn, Oats, Rye,
Barley. Wheat, Amber and Orange Cane Seed, Alfalfa, Clocer, Millet and
Seed Potatoes, or send uts your order. We guarantee satisfaction.
108 Texas St. TUSTEN t& WEIL.
BOWERS' DRUGSTORE.
Euc. 4 Aug. ). Bogel.
Books, * Stationery, P Toilet .: Articles
and Fancy Goods.
Manufacturer of Flavoring Extracts, Pure Sol an in Min
eral Waters. Agents for Smith-I'reimiar Typewriters.
Fresh Garden Seed,
Prescriptions carefully compounded with the q!est an# freshest
drugs. All favors appreciated atn orders givens roimpt
attention.
FRED W. BOWERS. Proprietop.
C. C. Hardman & Co.,
Wholesale and Retail Dealer irs
LUMBER, SHINGLES. SASi-l
Doors, Blinds and Genera? Vlous;
Finishing Goods.
Office and Salesrooms Corner Spring and Crockett.
Lumber Yard Corner Lake and McNeil streetc.
SHREVEPORT. LA.