THE CAUCASIAN.
Official Journal of the
City of Shreveport.
I HIURSDAY. APRIL 23. tool.
"TIE POOR MAN "RACKET."
lThe poor man "racket" is another plea
of the long and untiring felder. in oppo
sitiol to nomninatiln s by primary elec
tion ,. The long feeder, ifav r the "cui
and dirid co iinvitc, ii .iystmtc.! 1 ,ccau- e i;
can i mainipulatcd to meet their aimm
anld purposc. -\ primary i< miore or le
emb;rra-ing iand iuncertain in its con
cl.i\-xnc-e and rc-vits. The advocates o0
the ,,i cnventin system pretend in
cerity v Ilhe they allege that no poor matn
ca:: a ca:e: ndi.late f,,r any State oftice
and x\ i1 -a i'-lmary tnlexIs he hla. at
his ui- a barrel of money. But what
is tih pair mian's opportunity in a c:,n
venictini which i stocked againist him?
It ia- been deveipedi in Mi-iissippi that
the pi-imary - . .tenm is n lt more expcn
sive to the candidlate. say for govCerno.
than the cnvet"x ion, and one of the ad
vantages of the primary is that every
poi'ir man entitled toi vote may cast his
ballot directly for the candidate of his
choice. H1ow I matny pcr men can afford
the ;uxuiry of a trip to the cnvention a:
a cost of from $.o to $o? I-aving been
comiipliniented as a delegate, and being
unablc t:; spend the mlloney necessary for
the trip,. the poor man remains at home
and lie delegates attending, as a rule,
vote t, a unit and in some instances that
unit has been one or two officeholders
who could enjoy the luxury and who,
having some direct interest in view, can
be easily persuaded to "throw" their
influence to the man whose nomination
gives assurance of good practical results
for them and their friends. As a conse
quence the convention is manipulated in
keeping with the "cut and dried" pro
gram in which the poor man at best cuts
a sorry figure.. Seriously considered, the
poor man's play and opportunity is strict
ly in the nomination of governor and all
State and local officers through primary
elections where the poor man's vote will
count and be of equal value as the vote
of the man who rolls in wealth or is pos
sessed of the most lucrative public office.
A'convention, as a rule, with rare excep
tion, -is simply the expression of a few
men, concerned int a select few, but the
expression of the majority at a primary
election fairly and honestly conducted
reflects the will of the people, at least the
sense of the majority of the Democrats
who vote.
OPPONENTS OF PRIMARIES.
The Homer Guardian-Journal says:
'5The opponents of nominating by pri
maries, like the opponents of divesting
the governor's office of its vast and ex
tensive patronage, consist largely of a
compact and well organized force and is
composed to no small extent of office
holders and prospective office-holders
who have time and money to devote to
politics. A small and compactly organ
ized -force will always, or nearly always,
defeat a large unorganized force in the
game of politics. There is strength in
organization."
ADMIRAL DEWEY'S FAIRNESS.
It has been some time since an inter
view has attracted such widespread at
tention as the one with Admiral George
Dewey, which was secured through the
enterprise of the Newark Daily News
last week and published in that paper. It
was taken up by the metropolitan press
all .over the country, copied and com
mented upon, and still continues to be
the talk of diplomatic circles in Wash
ington. The interview itself was charac
teristic of Admiral Dewey, but his stand
in regard to it, when it was brought to
the attention of the officials, was even
more so. He has consistently refused to
retract anything, and he still insists that
he said only what he meant to say. There
is no effort on his part to shift the re
sponsibility upon the shoulders of the
newspaper representative, or to give the
impression that he was misquoted or put
in a false position.
The attitude of Admiral Dewey in this
regard is in sharp contrast with that of a
good many public men who have been
interviewed by a newspaper representa
tive and then been taken to task about it.
To squirm out and lay all the blame-
if there is any-on the reporter is so
easy and has become such a common
practice that the stand which Admiral
Dewey has taken in this recent matter
stands out as a sort of a little oasis in
the experiences of newspaper men with
public characters. The admiration in
which Admiral Dewey has always bee,
held for his treatment of the press has
been only increased by the eminent fair
ness which he has displayed in regard to
this recent incident.-New York Editor
and Publisher, April 4.
The foregoing clipping is from the
New York Editor and Publisher of April
4th, which, as indicated by its title, is
devoted to the interest of editors and
publishers.
Admiral Dewey is the representative
:: ! rrlctf~
tinkle of the Dollar. As an American
citizen, a sovereign, the equal of any po
tentate on earth, he would not shift re
-ponsibil ity on ,ther shoulders., hit. as
a man, he maintains his assertion with
viinity. without reservation or apology
whatever. But all men are not like Ad
miral I)ewey. Some men would cringe
lie knee. fdll into the dut.t. sqtirm , ut
by casting odium, if necessary to shichi
themselves. on the shoulders of the news
paper nit., but such men11 a a rule are
craven atlnd iunv.wlrtI " I.- c lftIle'nc . and
lte re-aect If the people. h \And hy hi
stand Dewey has not (oly added luster
l, hit nalne. but the hai fortified himself
in the c-telm ot the P le. Htle ls i t
,i lhe i'i n . i 1 r
!ilu ....tian ! it 1) y he a t - ln d ti:t
:c German goverlnment will not further
press the incident, but suppose it did.
\\ hat then?
Organization is the first essential to
tucces. The great majority of the rank
and file of the Democracy in Iouisiana.
being opposed to the 'cut and driedt
convention plan, favor the nomination of
all officers from governor to cnstable.
by primary elections. But tiless they
move in harmony and in uniiso in the
spirit dictated Iby honesty and fairness
their polwer will he neutralized by the
ntinority.
t !i 0 t c Ilati;ers cat i:: l t raise c:otugh
,5!.!t to, pre(vent the peoi le fronl seeing
i' Itr ig-wag signal t, o the trU1ts.
: ( Cau'nlttllncr.
itYoutr Incle Grover with all his bonm
ta cot not itislead the people. Ilis
"lannafication'" is too plain and direct.
No deserter from the Democracy to .lc
Kinlevis;m will be permitted to take the
'end. Is not Cleveland one of the trusted
of the Trusts?
The Homer Guardian-Journal in urg
ing the suppression of the sale of Pe
runa says: "Intoxicants should not be
sold under the guise of Peruna or any
other patent nostrum. The prohibitionist
should be made to respect the law as
well as the liquor dealers."
ICHARTER
Of THE W. H. HEARNE COMPANY,
LIMITED.
United States of America, State of
Louisiana, Parish of Caddo: Be it
known that on this the 17th day of April,
A. D. 1903. before me, Allen Rendall, a
Notary Public in and for the parish of
Caddo and State of Louisiana, duly com
missioned and qualified, and in presence
of the witnesses hereinafter undersigned,
personally came and appeared the sev
eral persons whose names are hereunto
subscribed, who severally declared that
availing themselves of the provisions of
the laws of this State relative to the
organization of corporations, they have
contracted and agreed, and do by these
presents agree and bind themselves, as
t well as such other persons as may here
after become associated with them, to
form and constitute a corporation and
body corporate in law, for the objects
and purposes and under the agreements
and stipulations hereinafter set forth and
expressed.
ARTICLE I.
The name of this corporation shall be
"THE W. H. HEARNE COMPANY,
LIMITED," under which name it shall
have corporate existence and succession
for a period of ninety-nine years from
the date of this act, and shall have nower
to contract, sue and be sued, to purchase,
lease, mortgage, pledge, alienate or en
cumber real estate or personal property
of every description, and generally to
have and exercise, for all purposes con
nected with or incidental to its business
as hereinafter set forth, all powers con
ferred upon corporations by the laws of
the State of Louisiana.
ARTICLE II.
The domicile of this corporation shall
be in the city of Shreveport, State of
Louisiana. Citation and all other legal
process shall be served upon the presi
dent of the company, and in his absence
on the secretary-treasurer of the com
pany.
ARTICLE III.
This corporation is organized for the
purpose of purchasing and selling lands,
timber and personal property, and the
purchase, manufacture and sale of lum
ber, and to buy, manufacture and sell
articles made of lumber, and to establish
and conduct a saw-mill business, and to
carry on a general merchandise business,
and to purchase and sell goods, wares
and merchandise.
ARTICLE IV.
The capital stock of this corporation
shall be twenty-five thousand ($25,ooo)
dollars, to be represented by two hun
dred and fifty (250) shares of capital
stock of the par value of one hundred
($soo) dollars. This corporation shall
commence business when ten thousand
($0o,0oo) dollars of the capital stock are
subscribes and paid for. All stock shall
be fully paid for in money or its equiva
lent in property, before certificates there
for shall issue. All transfers of stock
shall be made on the books of the com
pany.
ARTICLE V.
All the powers of this corporation
shall be vested in and exercised by a
Board of Directors. consisting of three
stockholders, who shall be selected at
the annual meetino of the shareholders,
to be elected on the first Wednesday in
February of each year: notice of this
meeting shall be published ten days prior
to the holding thereof, in one daily news
paper published in the city of Shreve
port, La. At said meeting every share
holder shall be entitled to cast one vote.
in person or by proxy, on every share of
stock owned by him, and the majority of
votes cast shall elect.. The Board of
Directors shall prescribe the manner in
twhich said meeting shall be held and the
ie cast id the result ascertained. The
if-·~atii·~iI
Packer. "There you shi7h m7ans that
e carefulle Guarantee Safe Delivery
ready tot g. I know you'll 1- t a~arnst 1,, .
get there safely." . ,r r, I We ý°-t W
Now Is the ·rime 0, Think
about Paint for vt ur house or barn. Wvall Paper. Carpets. Cuhtlvtars. veeal,'rs I . " nk i_' ir. . ( ".,u BiA-- "
Qies. Spring -lathy g, Furniture, Grocerties.rta . e s nn'tesit -at lthe last saas s-Ir .. t F .t wll need s
write today. If you gill tell us that you Ont to buy W 11 send )ou a spe ta , ge n a !a t g 4t. ar A
Sharge.
A Jaddle was returned at our expense a few de
ago. Altiough it had been properly boxed, it Wll
damaged by rats before being unpacked, according to
customer's letter. Of course this aces no fault of outt.,
but he got a new saddle just the same. Do you knowt
of any other firm who would have given him the same
liberal treatment? Why not buy your supplies from
a a firm with whom it b a pleasure ,t deal? All
goods guaranteed and
" ayoI prices always lowest, send row catalogue 71 To.
quality considered. I ..taa.. . p.C . ..as a5h pSta e.. t
Our next advertisemeta will show mengorn bard 4 Co., Chicago.
bow the goods arrived. Watch and lsa end .ue Cata l
see if the packer told the truth. i Aaame
M ontgomery ard 4 Co., . Madiso St. Chicago ....i. f ..fi a
County ---- !State
ficers then in office shall continue im of
ficC and shall summolnnn an annual meeting
;is tatn as ,n sible.
The loard of l)irectcrs of thi ' co
poration -hall exerci c all the powers.
Lbth gcneral ;:nd plccial. vc.tcd in this
c urlpration. a; fulny in cver' ri-lmcct :s
hie ýa . c rii eht i c exp,.rci-c, arc t...
s~compan 0 t, rho all ald anii e t'il ac;
Gr-t \.e dher da> (-f th e rtrutry . a nd, ,h::il
m'til their cs liccors arc electedi and
n"a:it i :. -hill ht: I). C. Richard. on, A' .
C. Richardson as president, \V. II.
herr" secretary, who shall also be treas
uTrer.
The officers of this corporation shall be
a president. vice president and secretary
treasurer. Every director shall own at
least one share of the capital stock of
this company. .
At all meetings of directors, the di
rectors not present in the city of Shreve
nort may give their proxy or power of
attorney to a director present, who may.
he present to cast the vote of the absent
directors on all matters that may come
before the board, in such sense as the
director to whom the proxy is given may
see proper, or the proxy may contain
snecific directions how and in what sense
the vote of the absent director shall he
cast.
ARTICLE VI.
This charter may he amended by a
vote of three-foumrths of the stockholders
held at a general meeting convened for
that purnose. after fifteen days' notice
nublished in one of the newspapers pub
lished daily in the city of Shreveport.
and after a copy of the notice of said
meeting shall have been mailed to each
shareholder at his address, or left with
the secretary of the company: and the
corporation may be dissolved with the
consent of three-fourths of the stock
represented at such meeting. The capital
stock of the company may be increased
or diminished by complying with the
general laws of the State of Lojiisiana
upon such matters.
ARTICLE VII.
Whenever this corporation shall be
dissc!ved by expiration of its charter, or
sooner by vote of the shareholders, two
liquidators shall be elected at a meeting
of the shareholders at a general meeting
of the shareholders held after fifteen'
days' notice, as above provided. These
liquidators shall continue in office until I
the full liquidation of the corporation,
and in case of the death of either of
them, the shareholders may, elect a suc
cessor. or if they do not select a succes
sor the powers of both liquidators shall
he vested in the surviving liquidator.
ARTICLE VIII.
No stockholder of this corporation
shall ever he held liable pr responsible
for the contracts or faults of such cor
poration in any further sum than the
unpaid balance due to the corporation on
the shares owned by him; nor shall any
mere informality in organization have
the effect of rendering this charter null,
or of exposing a stockholder to any fur
ther liability than the amount of his
stock.
Thus done and passed at imn office in
the city of Shreveport. La., on the day,
month and year hereinbefore first writ
ten. in the presence of E. H. Randolph
and H. W. Liebman, competent wit
nesses, who hereunto sign their names,
with the said appearers. and me, notary.
after the reading of the whole.
(Signed) :
D. C. RICHARDSON,
W. H. HEARNE,
J. G. NEWBERRY.
Witnesses:
E. H. RANDOLPH.
H. W. LIEBMAN.
ALLEN RENDALL,
Notary Public Caddo Parish, La.
State of Louisiana, Parish of Caddo:
I, John R. Land, district attorney of the
First 'Judicial District, Caddo Parish,
Louisiana, do hereby certify that I have
examined the above and foregoing char
ter and articles of incorporation. and,
finding nothing therein contrary to law,
I hereby rsrove the same.
JOHN R. LAND.
District Attorney First Judicial Dis
trict of Louisiana, Caddo Parish..
April t^ 1903.
(Endorsed) : Filed and recorded April
April 17, 1903.
J. H. LEVY,
Deputy Clerk and Ex-Officio Deputy
Recorder.
I hereby certify that the above and
foregoing is a true and correct copy of
the original act as the same now appears
on file and of record in my office.
Given under my hand and seal of office
on this 17th dlay of April. 19o3.
J. H. LEVY,
Ieoc:ty Clerk and Ex:-Ot~cio lDeputy
" Recorder.
April 19. too;.
Your stationery represents your busi
ness. Wouldn't you rather be weli repre
acutesd? Our printing will do that.
SEKLLS (F TIiiE FIIRS
To Ble Intro'dcled in an Effort to
lli-l'rove Evidelncle.
SENSATION P1U BABLE
ban Francisco ('all fs Authority Noj
a Statement That May Prove to
RIeuder Frenchmlen's Tes
timiony *ntrue.
San F-ancieo, April 18.-The Call
says startling developments are prom
ised in the Charles Fair case, now be
fore the New York courts. It is al
leged facts would come to light here
most damaging to the testimony given
a few days ago in New York by Lu
cien Mas and Alfred J. Morane,French
men, who were called to recount cer
tain incidents attending the death of
Charles Fair and wife in France,
which, if true. w:ould strongly tend to
establish as a fact that Mrs. Fair sur
vived her husband, and thus left her
own relatives direct heirs to a fortune
inherited under these circumstances to
her husband.
It has been learned, continues the
Call that the sikull of the late Mr. and
Mrs, Fair, whose bodies were shipped
back to San Fiancisco after they had
been relinquished by the French au
thorities, have been reserved, and are
now in the custody of responsible per
sons here, ready to be produced when
the time comes for refuting evidence
given at New York. Whether they
will be sent to New York or remain
here is a matter that is wholly depend
ent upon a move that is to be shortly
undertaken to have the case transfer
red to the courts of this city.
When the bodies of the Fairs were
received in New York from France
they were discovered to be in such a
decomposed condition that it was
deemed advisable to hasten the fune
ral in San Francisco. It is stated that
the funeral was followed by an autopsy
that included decapitation of both
bodies, an operation that was made by
Drs. Galaway and Robinson. The tes
timony of Mas and Morane that Mrs.
Fair was living when they approached
the bodies and blood was streaming
down one side of her face is contradic
ted by the concrete evidence of the
woman's skull. It can be shown by the
skull that such would have been im
possible, it is claimed. The skull of
Charles Fair is now in the safe keep
ing of his friends. but not crushed in
the manner described my the French
witnesses. In fact, it remains intact.
although showing a depression caused
by forceful contact, which resulted in
concussion of the brain and death of
the man.
BY ACCLAMATION.
Redmond'e R.,.antion for Home Rule
Went Thro.Ugh (UniaminliouIsly.
Dublin, April 18.-The national con
vention ca.led by the IUnited Irish
league to consider the new land bill
continued its business. There was a
small attendance. In view of a mis
understanding in the case of certain
English papers, John Redmond. chair
man, introduced a strong home rule
resolution, declaring that the Irish na
tion would never be satisfied until it
obtained the full measure. of self-gov
ernment. "No substitute," said Mr.
Redmond, "can or will be accepted."
Mr. Michael Davitt briefly seconded
the resolution, saying Irishmen would
be neglecting their sacred duty to the
cause if they did not send such meas
ure to their race throughout the world.
Mr. Redmond's recommendation was
carried by acclamation.
Wililam O'Brien then proceeded to
explain various suggested amendments
to the land bill. An amendment of
Mr. O'Brien, providing for extending
financial assistance to evicted tenants.
was welcomed by many of the dele
gates, who wished it to go further.
Bonds Bought.
Austin, April 18.-The state schcol
board purchased the following bonds
for the permanent school fund: Co
manche jail $30,000. Bastrop jail $10.
000. Jefferson refunding $44,500, city
of Grandview $10,000 and city of Mc
Gregor $6500, making a total of $101.
000. Interest ranges from 3 1-2 to 5
per cent.
Peculiar Crime.
Tyler, Tex., April 1S.-A burglar en
tered the home of Mr. Wynne in North
Tyler and cut off his little daughter's
hair. The hair was plaited and the
miscreant threw it out in the hall after
GAR!'RE1LL E*ECU.tD.
'Was flanged for tlh Murder f a. Tra"
elin} ('Clmpanion NaO medI19.
?:tleIr, Mo., April 18.-Dr. .lan s L,
*artrell, the aged murderer of I) ;
bonaga + Colorado mn* r. was hitg
ed in the county jail ya'l Id rr.
About 15o0 p, rsuons witnssr.d theo ex
ecution, many coIin_: fromt Aii sur
rounding country. Rev. Williamson
of the Christian chulrch ad!:'. :.ed tht
(-rowd trarn the a:: i,: l . Cii olre ti- coi0 -
denined man was brougi:t in.
Dr. Gartrell displayed remarka:ht;
nerve end talked 1ri: 1ly to the s:we.l.t
tors before the black ';:I avas adju.:'
ed. He stated heý$ad only cue enem.,
he could not forgive, but wogll not
mention his name.
In March, 1S91. D. B. Donsagn. 3
gold miner from Gunnison county
Colorado. came here to provide him
self with an outfit to drive overland t(
Oklahoma, where he intended to buy
ranch. He met Dr. James . Gartrell
and the latter's son, William. An ar
rangement was made that tho three
should drive to Oklahoma together
When about 00 miles from Kansa
City the party stopped to spend thc
night in a deserted cabin. Whe threl,:
men lay down , sleep, but only the
two younger men did so. -*hen th(
younger Gartrell awoke he saw tah
his father had killed Donagan by split I
ting his head with an ax. He said t
his father: "What did you kill hi;r
for?" "Because, son. we ,*ee(lde
money." answered the old man. Th:
two men carried Donagan's body > c.
nearby creek and ropped it in. Sprin;.
freshets soon washed the body out or
the banks, where it was found abou!
two weeks later. Susp:c'on directec
toward the Gartrclls, and -'hen a in.
vestigation was mode it was learne',
that Dr. Gartrell sold a team of horse:
in the neighborhocd where the crime
was committed. Father and son were
arrested. Dr. Gartrell later confessed I
that he killed Donagan. entirely exon
erating his son, but insisted that did it
in self-defense.
Dr. Gartrell was the oldestman uponr
whom the death sentence has ever (
been pronounced in Missouri. He wa
sixty-eight years old. He was six fe
tall, very erect, despite his age, ant(
wore a long flowing beard. H" way
once a member of the Texas legislaturt
and also a probate judge of Refugic 4
county, Texas.
FAYLOR FANGED.
Suffered Death foe Murdelr of Formle.
Sweetheart Who Jlltedll.imn
Kansas City, April 18.-John "Bud'
Taylor, aged twenty years, was h ge..
at the county jail Friday morning f,
the murder, March 2. 1901, of rut
Nollard, his former sweetheat. Tay
]or was baptized into the Catholic
church Thursday Bight. 4e talky
calmly of the approaching executiol
slept well and walked tb he scaffol
bravely. Taylor expressed sorrow f1
his crime, but added: 4 loved her anc
I was not willing to live without her.
Taylor's crime was prompted by jeal
ousy because Miss Nollard. a working
girl of nineteen, jilted him. He plan
ned the murder most deliberately. R
lay in wait for his victim several day'
and fired the fatal shot with a rifle
from a second story window on West
Ninth street as she passed by on ttE
opposite side with her sister. TWlot
was a former baseball playep
car snuck or s Train.
Dallas, April 18.-An electrTc car
en route to the horse show, was
struck by a string of freight cars rune
ning loose on the Santa Fe *acks at
Kentucky street and a number of the
occupants injured. The most serious
injury was that to Y. M. Roberts (*
Sherman, who had both legs broken
and one foot crushed so badly thrl it
was later amputated at the hospital
His back was also injur-'l
1. I- -t -
_rls For1'ITr 4 'hief tagistr~a
lMelet Opplortunity to aL';
1*4y oi any Man s
I3aye ef .lackson. '
K.Ai-as City, April 22.-Wi'
-ryaLr. s~eaking Tuesday nmr
the toast. "Demo( racy." at thea
-ivea Iby tile D)emocratic Jacuw
* club and the newspaper inu
souri, complimentary to W. J
at which the addresses did
until long after midnight, bl.
raigned Grover Cleveland sad
porters who are making the
harmony among Democrats.
sembly was made up of re
MSssouri Memoc'rats, and the
c Mr. Wryan met with enthusi
vor with his hearers. He salid
"What we need in this AM
Moral courage more than abi
we want the kind of moral .I
the, will IglA for honest
principlcs.gn your junior s
3am Joel Stone, you have iA
a-man who possesses both
age and ability. I am glad.
have harmony in this state.
the Democrats of Misso
best idea of how to secur
among the Democrats of the
believe in harmony. The
bed is wide enough for all
to come in, but we don't want.
:o sit up nights to keep certain'
ers from picking our pockets.
rte all who have strayed
*ild to come back if they go
buo we want them to stay
*ey come. ",e have had
Cievelandism in the Democrast
We had four years of Gleve
after his administration was
aund ourselves weaker than
Iver been before because we
betrayed. Jlese so-called ha
Cleveland and his followers.
their nearness t1 Republicgnliaml
serting us in our hour of gr
nd supporting the Republican
-'he Democratic party won £'
victory "1 1l892, wh.cn gave 0ou
_greasopportunity. but Groverq
land 'etrayed the Democratic,
and I carriedPhc buruen of his
Etration through two natiopl*I
paigns, andt there was not a
either platform riat was suchl
tent " me in those campal.al
•urden was. Cweveland had tb$'
opportunity tc) redeem the DeO
party ever offered to any matt'
the "me cV Andrew Jackson, b
stead of being true to his party h
-raced himself. As a party Wl
stand true to Democratic prt'.
iid if we do I believe that De
victory will some day come, and
be ,ere to regain when it comeL
COetrdi"CtA HImsie.
F.rnkfort. Ky., April 2.
dkss-examination of Howatd
eompleted 4,onday. He contre4
Rimself on 4 number of it20
poin* as compared with the rwtl
former trials. Miss Anna Welil
was a typewriter under A
-weeney, and who worked in tlh
oom in which Youtsey work~i.
she did not ntear any knock .
door or sroe or hear him in cc
tion with asy one prior to thlea
gig. She was in and ut of tfhe
but diiy not see him admit HO-.
liy on' ea!s'o.
5 Full 45 EXPRESS
5 ofis ONLY $3 PREPAID
OLDE COLDEN AGE
LINCOLN U I V
COUNTYV WH IilSKEY
W e, the Distillers, guarantee thr."n g.,o,,s to hen p~r p . r..,
old. None better at any pric,. \e w: i! , : in I ,
address, EXPRESS PREPAID,at "fllvir' ,L,' :r pr ces.
5 Full Bottles $3.45. 10Full Bottles $6.55. 12 Full B!'ies $7.90.
15 Full Bottles $9.70. 25 Full Bot!es $15.90.
Free glass and corkscrew in every box. Your mor: : i: ; r . :ed
AMEIIICAN SUPPLY CO., 66' Main mr, MIt. ,mphi, I. nn
I ~Si~ . - i