THE CAUCASIAN.
Official Journal of the
City of Shreveport.
---SUND)A, FEB. 1S. Io(o,.
P.R. ClR'M RETECTED.
It has been announeed from Washing
ton that the United S:ates Sen~at has
disapproved the appointment by Presi
dent Roosevclt of Dr. Crum as collector
of the port of Charleston. S. C. In one
sense the rejection of D)r. Crum is a
surprise to the Caucasian. but it is strict
ly in conformity with "the fitness of all
good things." Dr. Crum was objection
able to the people of South Carolina not
only because of his race but because the
people of Charleston are firm in their
contention that a man more suitable for
the nosition should be appointed by Mr.
Roosevelt. Dr. Crum is of the class of
colored people who are educated and
have reached , standing in life which
gives them recognition and advantages
over the less fortunate of their race. and
it is with Dr. Crum as with men of the
Caucasian race. In the appointment of
Dr. Crum, President Roosevelt irritated
an antagonism, which hIe should have
mollified. In Charleston there are no 1
doubt white men who are good and tried r
Republicans who can fill the appoint- r
ment creditably. Why not name one of c
them? In time Mr. Roosevelt will learn c
a thing or two: he will acquire some ex- t
perience; and he will realize tha he can a
not ram a nigger down a white man's n
throat because he is President of the fi
United States. The rejection of Dr. n
Crum is an indication that there is left H
in a Republican Senate some apprecia- h
tion of the right of the people to object d
to an appointment by the President. I
POLITICAL AGITATION. de
The political agitation in Louisiana pi
will soon become active and the issue
will not be so much on the selection of m
Governor and State officers but on how la
the nomination shall be made. The great ne
majority of Democrats who vote ari in hi
,favor of nomination by primary elections in
against the convention program fkinch be
js manipulated by a chosen few in the do
interests of a few. the exclasive benefit fri
and welfare of "the select," the favored thi
slated regardless of 'the expressed ed
wishes of the people. When the cam- yo
spaign open, on these lines there will be thi
a warm and heated political atmosphere mi
nbtut the few who in the futfure, may all
'-oeure to sat iptlate the c+ nvention as a1n
in the" pW according to their own sweet
will aad as they see fit. Then there will
be a howl and a kick which may raise
Sthlie roof from the Democratic temple of C
Lowisiana.
A Russian nobleman was sent to jail
'i New York city for expectorating on
the pavement. Some friend should in
_form him that it appears' to he much
Ssafer to expectorate in the direction of
the Mtotroe Doctrine. The foreign no
'bleWmen who do that are not sent to jail.
Tiah are asked 'to arbitrate.--The Com
-noner..
The foreign noblemen may expecto
rate in the direction of the Monroe Doc
trine -and escape a licking by Uncle
- San; they may expectorate on "a per
"iceaat" in New York, but nary one
pot: venture to spit on a sidewalk in
S: ereport under a penalty of $ioo.oo
invor a hundred days on the rock pile.
SPlcture ia mind one of these noblemen
'breaking rocks on the rock pile. His
fancied digntity would become too utter
ly utter for ;amnthing.
The States says: "Adelina Patti has
.greed to make another farewell tour of
ths -country, giving sixty concerts, for
witch Mtangae Gras has contracted to
her $300.0oo. With sueh substantial
c. - tagement the proMbailities are she
.will give us some more 'farewells,' as
se emstna be faring pretty well on
this tk"
Sw.. ould appear from the tenor of the
Oi:e ..O ns Picayune .that .the council
$ city have given to the Frisco
.every desirable privilege and con
essito net altready donated to corpora
.Pia' s And some people would fancy that
t&.t presetatives of the people of New
Orleans are not prodigally generous.
A reader of The Commoner desires' to
',-aw *betfer Attorney General Knox
i~s sej int .any isalary from any
orpra -1to. The .jestio is asked in
*&s 1m awbttlw ther attorney gen
he aypteream for not en
.h is against the =r stsr.c--h
Atntaty raul ILax ks
:7 ne tensV ?Perhaps General
ftis t f sh a lis twal tion
or - u e " 4 + F"Pay today, trust
oragma" &ads it is always today
-a nvet discover a trust
W sna raiped a to the
MR. ?OWEN AS A DIPLOMAT.
The Picayune in an editorial headed
"The Dliplomnacy in the Venezuelan
he C;sec." says:
it has been a long time since so able
an American as Herbert W\. Bowen. the
u;a:o nth,. is representing Venezuela in
._: tripartite European imbroglio, has
ca -eared i. the diplomatic stage.
"r'. liowen is United States minister
t,. ienezuela. but when talk of arbitrat
ing the controversv between that coun
- try ad (;e-many. England and Italy
caine uII. he waas chlt,,en by Vc tezuela t;,
ig- represet her interests in the proposed
ins settlement.
"In this case Mr. Bowen did tnot have
tor the power and prestige of the great
ne :\merip~n Reptiblic at his back. but. on
a the contrary. lie represented a feeble
et- power against three of the great nations
all of Europe. He was pitted against their
in- skilled diplomatists, and he has main
tot tained his cause against them all. He has
he been subjected to serious attempts at
zir bulldozing, but it has had no effect upon
or him. ie has. been intimidated no more
Ir. easily than lie has been defeated in di
of plomacv. In every way ihe has scored a
ad great triumph for the cause in which
cli he is enlisted.
es "A French traveler. Urbain t iohier,
id who has recently made an extensive tour
ie of observation in this country. said of
of its diplomacy:
:d "'The diplomats of Europe arc gen-r
re tlemen recruited from the richest, the
to most polite. the most ceremonious. the i
:d most egotistical. the most infatuated, the
t- most limited, the most anti-democratic i
A class: they gather" ribbons and medals e
n of imperial royal orders.' They array 1
~- themselves in gorgeous apparel of laces =
n and plumes and absurd tinsel. yet still
's manage to draw prestige and authority
le from them. They cover their miserable (
r. nakedness before the eyes of the pe le a
t with a double veil of mystery and farse- 6
- hood. and they achieve their ends by
:t duplicity, circumlocution and deceptinm. e
The time has come to put an end to ts i'e
sort of international politics. To tl..
devil with tortnous diplomacy and su
s perannuated diplomats.'
e "Mr. Bowen is a shirt sleeves diplo
I mat, but he is al's.* an able international a
r lawyer, able to met his trained oppo- n
t nents at every point.. It has been said of
i him that he believes; that duplicity is as 'n
inexcusable between honest nations as tl
between gentlemen. and that his chief .
duty is to protrrete peare, and especially _
frienrdship between his native land and it
the nation to which he may be accredift- h
ed. Call it of the 'shirt: sleeves' brand if w
you will. bat American diplomacy iseaf al
the kind that leaves no. doubt as to its PI
meaning, and .reqnires no expoundi n
aftetward by the ptdilicists. It is honest. i
mand it accomplishes resufts"s - h<
'fo
A CALL TO'.iRMS.
The Commoner. Bryan'k paper, in "A
CallI to Arms" says:
"Democrats who are Democrats from
principle should assert themselves. Not
only is it their duty to' dor so, but the~
need to do so if they would gave the
party from disaster andT d'emoralizatiorr.
Retprts from every section of the coun
try make it certain that those who left
the party in 1896 tinder the pretense of
opposition to bimetallism are making a
systematic effort to regain control of
the party with a view to placing it in
the position it occupied" under Grover
Cleveland's administratirm. In this they
are being aided by the less extreme rep -
resentatives of the corporation element
that voted the ticket for reglarity's sake
without endorsing the platform. These
elements do not work openly and ho
estly, but covertly and through agents
who beg for 'harmony .
"It is time that loyal Democrats were
aroused to the danger confronting- their
party and its principles. It is time they
were organizing to combat the insidious.
influences at work within the party to
republicanize it and' make it acceptable
to the corporation- interests, foe a De.
ocratic party that espouses priaciples ac
ceptable to the trusts and the money
power is Democratic in name only. Only
thorough organization will be effective
against these tndemceraric inflnences.
This work 'of organization should beginc
now and be prosecuted with vigor. The
best way to go about this work is the
organization of clubs within the party
in every voting precinct in the country.''
Miss Alice Roosevelt. daughter of the
President .will attend the Mardi Gras
in New Orleans this season. Wonder if
she would be offended if the clored so
ciety of the Crescent City should try to
Smoiopoliz her? Thy would be warrant
led in such a step by the predilections of
l her daddy.--Rnston Leader.
The insinuation is as ungenerous as
it is uncomnplimentary, Miss Roosevelt is
- not responsible for the idiosyncracies of
ir father, and when in New Orleans
he will be welkomed and entertained as
I a lady worthy tll esteem of ladies and
it gentlemen.
Y A RESIDFNCE BURNED.
t Friday night at about 12:3o o'clock the
sieie of- Mr. James Ivey, No. 406
Lawrenc ,street was discovered on fire.
5, i s i. a blaze when Pfeached by the
e 4-' Tb orig~is of the fire is
rr i ·insar
iasot
The Haheler,
ed A western editor pays this tribute to
Ian a type which has not its fair share of
song and story: "The bachelor repre
ble sents the most congenial and big heart.
he ed type of our commonwealth. Hs
Sname, while held in public derision b
a host of people, will always remain
tas closely interwoven in the history of
pioneer life. IHe it was who pushed
tcr out into the wild and woolly west at :c
at- time when the buffalo. Indians and
,- coyote were lords of the prairies and
ly by persistent efforts and under priv-:
tion and want led a heroi lifeb Iby
converting vast areas of the barren
ed wilderness into fertile lands of peace
and plenty. Then, without aid of feni
vc nflje piety to keep vigil over his every
at day acts, this sturdy empire builder
on remained at his post, blazing out the
path of fame and introducing thrift
and civilization in his wake. Like the
ns cowboy he is slowly passing into his
:ir tory, but his fame is as farreaching as
n- civilization, his name indelibly stamped
as on the pages of history, while the hum
t ble dugout with its original environ
ments will appear in scenic pictures
above the footlights of future genera
re Ions."
Pa ersia Athletes.
h Strong and skilled as wes.rn ate
letes are. there are some respects it
which the athletes of the east, and es
'r pecially those of Persia, surpass them.
ir Their skill is due to the fact tha*
:f they do not rely on brute strength, but
on adroitness, which they have ac
quired after years of strenuous train
e Ing. They know the functiolt of every
muscle in their bxodies, and they are not
1e regarded as experts until they are so
le well trained that they can perform
ic with ease any feat which depends for
Is success not only upon their strength.
y but also upon the proper play of their
muscles.
II They are not as bulky as some of the
well known athletes of Europe and
y America, but, on the other hand, their
e bodies are wonderfully symmetrical.
e and all their movements are mnost
- graceful.
In wrestling and swinging tcabe they
r. especially excel. and, no matter how
expert they may be, not a day posses
that they do not practice for severFa
Shours.
Heed er ffryed (.
Thomas B. Reed was once the vitrim
of a printer's- errors the unusual aptness
of which, aftb a the- Alst tfush of indi)g
.wlon had subsided;. appealed so strong
Ly to his sense of the comic that be
I never failed to refer to the matter with I
the keenest gusto whesever be met the
man whom he, with: the utmost mocl I
solemnity, always- ill sesponsible twr
it.
The- late Colonel Joha A. Cockerill's* I
handwriting in the-heat of compositonw
was sometimes liabil to lose itself in!,
an almost interminable' tangle, ded
pherabfr only with ttle'greatest dlfficul
ty. On eoe occasion li'undertook to say
that "asy one can see- Tem Reed has' ~
the faeor of an honest mhan" but was
"horrfledtlwhen he opened his paper the,
'followingrnovraing ands found that the
types made him say that '.ay one can
see Tonr Reed has a faie likee harvest
moon." .
Wonioes of the Human Heart.
The uarkings of the' htuman heart
have been computed by a ereebrated
physiologist. and he has: demonstrated
that it 'i ur:ual to the. lifting of 120
tons in tw~enty-four hours Presuming
that the. bliod is thrown out of the
heart at each pulsation in the propor
tlon of sixty-nine strokes- of nine feet.
the mileage of the blood. through the
body miiiht be taken at 207 yards per
minute..seven miles pee.our, 16Smiles
per day: 61, 20 miles. per year, or
5,150.0600 miles in a lifetime of eighty- l
four years. In the same-peroed of time 6
the heart most beat 2.69;.7RT000 times. .
Saltrom ead Taibor's Goose.
A. "adiron" is the style in which the
common flatiron is spoken of -n print,
says.the Syracuse HEnIahl. "Sad" is ama
old' English synonym; for heavy, ant.
Spenser wrote, "Moreesad than lump off
lead;." A "andiron" was a heavy tron.
and latgago was applied to the flatiroin
now in common domestic use. TIh,
tallor "'goose" was. so called because
the hatndle bea~s a fanciful resem.
blaneej to the neck, of a goose. TI~n
napme because it had a reason for BW
linrstill survives.
Literary Diseases.
Many oceupations have diseases
which are more or less incidental: to
them, and literature is not exempt. The
two most prevalent literary maladies
are writer's cramp and swelled head.
The unftrtunite thing about writer's
cramp is. that it is never cured. The
unfortunate thing about swelled head
is that it never kills.-Exchange.
The Trouble With Poultry.
An old woman who went into the
poultry business under the expectation
that she could make a fortune by selln
lag eggs has quit it in disgust because,
as she says, "the hens never '11 lay
when eggs are dear. but always begin
an soon as they are cheap."
A Qatek Answer.
Johnny's Elder Brother (who wants
Johnny to go on an errand)-Didn't you
know I was leoking for you every
where?
*Johnny-No, I didn't. If I had, you
wouldn't have found me.-Chums.
The Freoted Hand.
"Yes, and after she refused me she
waved her hand In farewell."
"Sort of cold wave, wasn't t?'-
Cleveland Plain Dealer.
A chimney of 115 feet height will,
without danger, sway ten inches in a
wind.
Beware of the 'man bwhose dog die.
ka to folow hbm.-ie Yoak Life.
ii~3-oPa s ·-f st rra
FOR IMBECILES.
Af Asylum MSeasurel Passes to Engrossment
in the House.
P -r
Austin. Feb. I4.-The measure pro.
viding for an imbecile asylum was
passed to engrossment in the house
F rirday. A motion to r: onsider and
table was adopted.
Mr. Wooten secured Tnanimous con
sent to take up house bill lby hMessrs.
d Rohoelle, Beatty. *>nton. Woten.
G;lenn andi Holin. providing a reward
l of .$50,000It be paid Io any one who'
I will lisr-ovnr a pra irnal teme ly for
' the exterm.nation of the bull weevil
No final action was takeo
The senate passrd wthout rcposi
tion Senator i rkins" bill provldinl
t for *he continuation o . W Won in
e dustry at ieo t.sk penitentiary 5t an
I- enlarged scale. The hill was amender4
1 oo Senator ,erkins. own iotion :r b
conform & thi views o? tbhe enite
Ciary board as expy: .ssA in their .t
port to Govtrn sLanham.
Senator flicks' bill reqti*fig rail
roads to have aI ;witches eq'lipped
with switch ights. to be lighbr! f: or.
sunset to sunrise. nnd * compel raft
roads tb place "de-rails" o all *wfch
es from the main line on which cars
h arI le standintg, was.asse
, trssin, W'eb. 1l.--The joint rostl!
t on introducerd in tie house .iesda-v
by Representative Weinert of Seguin'
and in the senaa iy Senator ,aulils!'
of Hallettsvill, looking # the repeal u
of the constitutional provision exempt
ing current wages-om garnishmenlt
will encounter strong opposition. * is
the first attack on the general exemp
tion laws made ii this session of the
legislature, anR is 3boked upon ty
many as the entering wedge of an ef
fort 0 amen4 tre omestead law.
Representatives of *rganize% B.bo9
here are against the measure.
Arstin, Feb. .4.-Governor aha.anm
signed the following bills: House bill,
reducing the civil an#n criminal juris
diction of the county court of Zapata
county; house bill, mestoring itiminal
Ljurisdiction n the coart of Karnes
}county; Mr. Standitfr's bill declaring
legal bonds issued by suburban elec
tric lires valid without app:oval of fie
failroad commission.
UAVOIt GXHIBII!
Tex4 arusmerC" nres.- x e Wuser
One at St.& l.ms.
Austin. Feb. e4.-The Texas Farm
ers' congrees declared itseif in favor.
of an appropriation of $200;0O0 for an 1
exhibit at the World's fair to be heldI
In St. Louis. Such exhibit to be the
property of the state, and to- be stored
at the capitol in Austin.
Also approved following:
Appropriation of $10,000 annually l
through the agricultural and' mechani
cal college for the especial support
and maintenance of farmers' Insti- _
tutes, same to be Immediately avail
able.
Legislation providing for the work
ing of short term convicts on county '
.roads, the .ourltles te support such 4
convicts.
Mr. Stollenwreck's bi% appwopriat- c
_ng $50,000 for a.. textile&department to
be added to the- agricutieral and*.e
.hanical college. c
ANI1-POLYGAYAMY
SThis ntcg o*f Stafkfho4 Sil fori ep
for Discusiom.n
Washington. Fe!e. 94.-Whem thei
Istatehood bill came~p~r !lepot re- I
sumed his remarks and denot4nce7r the
Mormon ehurch be-raure . e saia ,e IS
fleves its 'iemhefs stib ellnft to the
practice of polygamy.
Referring 4b the anti-pcramy Srw
i.ision in the statehood bill 'r-. l: pew
said It would seem that "the fine Itat
Ian hand of the MIormow apostfe" had
been at work fn the preparatiun~f the
measure and that the concentrated in
fluence of Mormon hierarchy otnld be
seen in the determined' effort t* pre
went any amendament which would com
pletely exclude polygamy.
Mr. Dubois said that he did not .itnt
the references of the opponents of the
statehood Dill to polygamy were ser!
ous. He declared that if the statehoo@
bill is allowed to be put on the post
office appropriation bill' he would Oon
sent to and advocate the placing of the
Idaho constitution relating to tlectioas
as an amendment. and' require Arizona
and New Mexico to subscribe to it l,e
fore being admitted.
Under the test oath of that con@i
tutiop. he said, Idaho disfranchi-ed
every member of the Mormon church.
end for years they were witho@i a
votei
ELKIN'S MEASURE PASSES
Sk Democrats Voted Againee I a0,nd I4
test' Made.
Washington. Feb. 14.-Under qhe op
eration of a special order, which cut off
opportunity to offer amendments, the
house, after debate of an hour Friday.
by a vote of 241 to 6 passed the Elkins
bill to prohibit rebates to shippers.
The six members who voted against
the bill were Democrats. Mr. Little
of Maine was present but did not vote
on either the rule or the bill. The
Democrats protested against the rigor
ous terms of the rule. It had been
their purpose, they said, to offer the
provisions of the Littlefield as an
amendment to the bill. Mr. Daizell
of Pennsylvania. Mr. Overstreet of tn
diane and Hfpburn of Iowa, practical
ly announced that with the passage of
the Elkins bill the anti-trust legislation
for this session of congress would he
comiplet. During the debate Mr.
Cochran (Dem., Mo.,) branched one of
Mr. Hepburn's statements as a "Delib
erate lie." Contrary to the usual cus
tum this strong language had no se
qtel.
DARROW CONCLUDES.
Authlracite Coal Strike Commission Meets
Next at Washington.
Philadelphia, Feb. 16.-The anthra
cite coal strike commission, after be
ing in continuous sess!on to. more
than three meonths, clos, I its open
nearing Friday with an all-day argu
tent by elarence S. Darrtow in belha*
of the miners. the commission will
meet in secret in Washintoon next
rhursday and begin the co-nsi!,rasit; n
of its award. It is ,epected that by
ý-he end of his month the j-bitrators
will be eady b make their announce
1went. If an increase in wares is le
termined upon, the increase is to lste
0om the first of last Wovember, thj
commission having decided on ilat
date Oct. S.
After 41e session Fr'iday the cim
I'iission ehll a short cn.net enice with
the lawyers for 0he sv. 'al ir'irrcsts
and askel them d hold, ::~n:elpvs Ia
ar.adiness in case .i.e- are . ,!a ,;p..
b: t@e commi-sioa. ?; !.!i S:I h II ;.
Darrow '-:, ':,p upon am,-Ist rvery
phase of iee strike anl ,1 h.: ; s
ed he was greeted with *nt aplinuse,
which Chairman Cray d(i, 'I,-t suppress.
President ..tchell was in court all clay,
but did 4ot hive anvrhinh to sat to
,ae commission in paring.
CHIQAGO _ONCER4.
srd tue *I.eesment Cnmnpany gficep
Wii *eitp abeare-9eC.
*hicago. *Feb. 1~-Three tu4 il
.estmealt company offices were
searched l'riday afternoon b? deot-.,
ies and a lumber of a@aches were
arrested. The read of a #urt.f colf
tern, warned of je proposed move
Beni Saade ,is esr-ape hefore the Je
*ctives arrived The different firms
visited MY te poli-', were the .
Brolaski company, 356 Dearborn
street;. 5he Mid-Continent Anvestment
_ompaeny, P35 Dearborn street, and the
A. * Demorest Co., on .he eighth floor
of the Temple Court building, Dear
Sorn and Quincy streets. When the
detectives reached the Demorest place
the presifdent of 4e company, A. J.
Demorest, could not be found, and
there was a number of patrons in
front of he lock-ed dooe, clamoring
for pa ment. The raids followed a
general pofice ordel to close all bhrt
exebanges in Chicago.
During the rain at Benedict & Uo.'s
office a number called to collect the
money they had entrusted with the
company. A collector fop the collec
lion department of the Continental
Natieal bank also called. Each had 3
claims aggregating several thousands
of dollars. most of' which had been
made by out of town patrons. The let. e
ter heads of the company have the s
nage of John W. Benedict as secre- t
tart and treasurer and. W. Curtis as c
manager. All persons at work in the
office said they had never seen Bye- r
dict, but that he was probably at the f
main gffices, at South Bend, fnd.
BOOKS SEIZED.
Gran&b Dry of St. Louif- ta Possession
Of All Records,
St. %ouis. Feb. 14,-AII books and
records in the office of E. 0 Arnold &
Se. were seized by deputy sheriffs un
der order from the grand jury and
carried h the circuit attorney's office.
They will be examined by the grand
jury. John 4 Ryan's books were pro
duce- on a subpoena.
The investigation is beinz ronducte?
ender the statutes which provide jail
sentences ant heave fines (or frauds
perpetrated through the medium of
promises of pt:ofits on Onvestments
which are impossible of fulfillmen#
t. houis, Felt .S.-An *mploye. tl
heo for obvious reasons refused to
Make Tiew eame rublic, statrY that at I
present R. 0 Arnold & .s. teas :i4,.000 n
Investors, 30,000 ita St. SlouTs, antd q he
eaindtf scattered over the country b
The ceceipts 09 this eompany. Ohe rna-.
lo07. says averaged $t,,000 weekl. c
gas Antonio. Feb. 14.-The followug
officers were ilected by Ohe Woodmen
*ircle convention: Grand gua,'dian.
)aera Allard. Cleburne: grant advisor,
Maggie Hyde. Dallas; grand ceerk, Sov
ereign Bettle Caldwell, Temple; grand
bankl, Sovereign Oda Firmin. Sexar
kana; grand mnagician, Sovereign
Willie qithies. $an Antonio; grand
attendant, Miss Maui@ Murphy, Fla
tonia; supreme delegate. Mrs Annie
Waltot. Fort Worth; supreme alter
nate. Mrs. ula ?)urand, "enison;
drill wiaster, Mrs .~annie AWel, ..rn s.
S emaeýrl t'lntl t oeueml,lp)
(ballas. Feb. $1.-tf plans laid davn
by the Cudahy Packing company are
carried out, according to a statement
of *ocal Manager IV. S. Y{eathl, ihe
firm will vrobably vrecr in t)allas a'
so late date a branch Tirose, which
shall cos? to *ere(O bIweEt $t).00u'
and $40.000
q ueeJse+**. (.rut
Fort *V'orth, Fe!. 14.-Sam amPr,.
a negro. was mashed tri death at the
Fort Worth Sompress. He was *rlc't
the platform when the ?heavy press
tame down on him. From the sho,i:l
ders down he was a ger:table i.ass ,:
pulp.
erdice Against @nternationa;.
Tyler. Tex., Feb. 4.-0- $ inn
was awarded $8000 damages against
the International and Great Northern
railroad. His team became £righten
ed by a train and he was thrown from
his wagon and injured, i is :llege,
for life.
0--e--0-------
beplo able A.ffai
Bowie, Tex., Feb. 14.-Will 9. tailey,
manager for W. C. Stripling. while
looking for a supposed burglar, acci
dentally shot and killed his wife and
wounded himself in the left armn.
Silas Hunsucker, colored, charged at
South McAlester with wife murder.
was refused bail.
AN ORDINANCE i
Requiring safety gates placed at
street crossings by the rail
erating tracks over same.
Be it ordained ib the board of
Stees o f the city of Shreveport, in
l!- C lIr luncii a tiemi ldI that it sh
e the duty fi thie railways crossi'
dran. Louiti:.nt. Mirket and C
-tc ;,tl Tcxa- r:id .t Kansas:
-Suitwrni railwat erI-ing to ereE.
0 n.iitt:,i n . t .Itatt t : at each o
, 'rI t- 1Ihch -I ' 11' ,I ed by a .
It a t the ,lip rach if itVr -v train
t'er t 'he , llam .
SIt it furtlh r .re!ainh l. that sai
Stv iates shall hC plated on each
the ptrlach .in ,ail tracks, okt
ithe ireg.int a nt.d tireets. Thy
,afcty *ate, hall h," nof the late3t
heit device lir rai. ing and clasi
ilte. anld in a iorin that will th
it - t;tguard and cllck all vY
nd t1,,t *raffic (ilit entering 04
railtay cr.ting. tIduring the a
and pI Iage of I.trtint
l;e t t rthetr ,rlI It .L that tl;'
way comnl t.. -hall lnlace and erg
operate ,aid sft at 't(e within
days & . kite ,l t and pr
qio(tl (i ti ordinance. anid t
tnast I lt ifv ill rtilwav cnOmoa
verill said cr, 'l.tn . If this -
w nent. ,
Be it lrt ., r Ir linelt. that
ACe ailwa,'s 0.,il Ior refuse to
wnith the to l ,i f thi ,rdinan
any entgi.ct r Xi h. lhal literate
- ?,cttnotive act, -. aid street
tion. '-ntLe Pi being safegua,
aforesaid. lhe shall le deemed gui
ili.,denea nor and upon conviction
an- court of cnmetent iuri
shall lte fined t lI less than
moie than Srco, an that each.
iailure. *eftsal or neglec-t to
with Otis ordinance thll conons
scfarate ctffenet.
Be it *irther Ir Vtined that thiu
ntance go into effect wiltin five (,
after its aansagtc nd publication
Adopted. by the f,,lhwnig vot
Aves : llecn. Rlit iey Conger,
Dickst)nt. Foster. Jenkins.,
Lowenthal. Quigles Rand,
Thoman, Tustern
Nays: None.
?an. (p). 1903.
N)NDRE\V .)UERBES,
W. 0. RIVES. Comptroller.
T. G. HAYES,
Auditor and ex-Officio See"
(rn. 25, t903.
AN ORD[XANCE
Banning ?'ebruary 2 in each
Wivie D)ay and roviding I
ing shade trees on sidewal
November i to April i.
Ie it resolved by the city
thie city of Shreveport. in lenalt
bly convened, that February 22
year is hereby ordained as the
of the city of Shrevenort.
Be it further resolved that a
erty owners whose property is
shall plant shade trees in the
tween the curb of the street
concrete or brick snace of the
walk. That said trees shall bei
not later than April i. an, t
fault of said planting on or
i st day of April next the st
missioner shall be authorized
thie sante and that a charve of
ter tree 1,e c >!lcted from the 0
the adjacent property.
Adopted Jan. i9. 10o3.
ANDREW QUERBES,
C. G. RIVES. Comptroller.
T. G. HAYES,
Au\nditor and ex-(O)fficio Set.
an11. 23. 1.03.
AN ()RDINN\\CE
Prc.crihinl re.'-ident iit-t-ids -
hlibitin.g sall.,on.. barroow
wiitlin Cai"d limit, except
\vritteln c'nlsent (,f two
the lpro erty oners with I
cnit of tih city counicil.
emipt i g sa,'in, , Plarriomn.s,
Itrynt nwithlin rccri')ed
hil itcd liints..
Ile it ,)rdai:ii by thle cit y c
the city (-f S hrceort,. in re
-ion. c ivelct d. :la fr.l and
par;::.t and nrlll 1vati, n of t
nanci' that it shall :,c utinlwful
erect. maint;tin or operate a*
ltarioin. ctc.. itn tn' rcidence
of tic cit.c excclt l1p(,n the
consent of ewo-thirds of the
owners or a r:dius oif 320 feet
amnrova;l of the coitncil. pros
oonsi. barroomsn. tc.. iiow
prescribed and pIrolhilbited Ic
exempt from the provisions of
dinance.
Be it futrther iordained. ti
street Te , :( tivenue. NMila
n.te!cr. Milaret from TetsTxas
(', .i. i ';tre(t. S.)rnlo- froim
Crck tt street ("r, ckett fro.t
mere( I, Mlark.t i reet, and
street from "lcx:< t) Milarn,
<-reet from Titl'a, tr'et to
stret,. *oiomin s!r.ct from T
'Milatn, thl,e pt rtiitu: of cit
St. i',ini alnd Silvcr !,;:ke
;,n(l u"r lvrclc dr x i:rcd to be
district, wid 1th:1. . . lons.
't .. to b'e '"li, ,',l i .t ithi Ot Co
ori pt ' rt.i (,. t rlI' I t f i; t tdaor
I\R. l I -. F
bloc':-: ,,d ,i-tri-r- " v
t ýe it in thr ,ir n lIt . that I
*i. r -1: ii t.i i ;:iii -t this a
thi i :. I
itt toot A r 'litil ' her
d:- iti 'ri--.n t n . r loth at ti
the tin iml' ,pod 1h1l" work`
antie on i,( pi blic ',s lt- and -
rateot 51 per ,l:,v for each day
perfleirn(l .ra
aoete? e is. 1t. ;o3.
\Ni)RV.W (it ERYES,
+fr. ";. RI\-1 . ('. "mptroller.
T. il. I.A.YES.
.\!,,itor .pl "". Onfficio S
ýt.. 2 . >o;3.
.\ RSi.1 I STREET CU
Sealed hi,, arc h(rebv in
!mtting in clvert ,,n Mars
;,- ,)or plan- and -pecificationst
this - rc. Sai; l i: sid t., 1,e in
of the c,,nitr,,!h-r b , n.rt
r6. )oo3. . crthe, check 1
c mcom an. c: : 1 l ' ; a g..
go,,d faith.
C. 0 ,,\f.CS. Co
Ve like to fihd a i-i~tomer
somethingi extra fine i'. stati
are our "specialty. '