S .~ Kl ing Solomon had a thousand wives
And when he staid out late
S . To face a thousand nmothers-in-law
. W as his unhappy fate.
I[Ut after frequent trouble, _
le got the idea right
-To just Takoma Biscuit
And everything was bright.
L ooSEWI S u
- KANSAS CITY.
1HERMAN LOEB
DEALER IN
Wool, Tallow, Beeswax, Furs.
fMERCE. STREET, NEXT TO V. S. & P. RAILWAY.
SHREVEPORT. LA.
aiantee to tre sellers the best prices obtained in St. Louis, New
Vicksburg, (Galveston and 1Houston markets. Prompt returns
ten a Moment."
I have the completest stock of
spiture, Matting, Rugs
....and Linoleums
I . will make it to your interest to call and see me before you buy.
you call whether you buy or" not. No trouble to show goods.
J. A. Stephenson.
ti n ...
I want good printing-commercial printing of value, we are ready
your order. The kind of printing we do is good printing
firm or man who wants good printing should twar in mind that
.a of printing we do is always good--the cheapest kind after all.
errs' Briefs a Specialty.
"prices for orinting booklets folders, circulars, cards, bill heads,
i~ , letter heads and everything which can be printed are fal.
asonable-being much cheaper, taking in consideration the style
lity-than is generally paid for careless, ordinary or comnron
work. Ring tip ooo.
.-'an & Cuoy Bros, Printing Co.
S1nlinEKITt 114.(0.. 1TD.
Wholesale DMelrn In All Kinds of
'Produce, Field and
Garden Seeds.
of SHREVEPORT STEAM BOTTLINGO
RKS and SHREVEPORT STEAM
CANDY FACTORY.
123 Texas Street, Shreveport, La.
S · .~..~.. U.
t11
MANY LEAVE.
Shawneetown People Thinking Seriousl)
of Taking Their Departure.
Evansville. Ind., March 11.-A re
port from Shawneetown, Ill., is to the
0 effect that the people there are debat
!ng the feasibility of removing from
the city with their personal property t
and then opening the levee and allow
lag the river to flood the town, thus
doing away with the great danger of
the disaster that now threatens the
town, which is situated on low ground
and protected by a large levee, which
the people fear may break should the
river rise much more. A few years
ago the levee broke at Shawneetown
and the place was inundated and i
scores o' people drowned. Locally
there is no danger, as Evansville is on t
high ground, but the surrounding t
country is inundated. People were e
given ample warning, and saved them- 9
selves and their movable property and r
stock.'
CYCLONIC WRATH.
Rnumbers of Ptersons Killed and Woundllledl
and Buildings WVrecked.
Brisbane, Queensland, March 11.
Townsville. in the north part of
Queensland, has been visited by a cy
clone, in which many persons were
killed or injured. Part of the hospital
building collapsed during the storm. I
killing six persons. Schools. churches t
and residences were destroyed. Many
inhabitants have been rendered home
less. .
Ordered Open Trades ClosedI.
Chicago, March 11.-The grain conm
mission firm of Karrickc. Grey & Wil
liams have ordered all open trades with a
it closed today. The firm has been In c
existence a little more than a year, but c
gained some importance in the grain I
trade. c
Says Road is Not All Union.
St. Louis. March 11.-In the mot'on
made to dissolve in the Wabash rail
In the Wabash railway injunction case
defendants declare that the Wabash
was run on exclusive union or broth
erhood ,railroad. I
Vesuvius Again Active.
Naples, March 11.--Vesuvlus has I
again become active. The volcano is
throwing up ashes and explosive in.
candescent globes.
nSueessor of Lynch.
Dublin, March 11.--C. R. Delvin, I
Trish Nationalist, /formerly Canadian 1
commissioner in Ireland, has been
elected without opposition to represent
Galway in the house of commons in E
place of Colonel Lynch, who is under
going a sentence of life imprisonment
for high treason.
t
Charter Oranted. f
Outhrte, Okla., Marceh 11.-A terrt- i
torlal charter was granted to the Tex- a
arkana Oklahoma and Northwestern
RailroaL company with $16,000,000
capital stock and with Oklahoma City
as the principal)lace of business.
New Hamphir.e s.narantlmn. N
Washington, March 11.-The depart- in
merit of agriculture has issued an or- r
der quarantining the stale of New te
Hampshire because of the presence of at
the foot and mouth disease. It is said w
one lot of cattle has been found affect- 41
ad. tt
51
Ch.wded With Refugees. U4
Vicksburg, Miss., March 11.-Every U
beat arriving in port is crowded with hi
Itfugees and many others are coming
in on rafts and skiffs. Schedules on
the Yasoo iand Mississippi Valley are
-erloesly disarranged, the principal fr
point of trouble being at the Big lt
Black. le
di
" older stli BSalesaams. at
New Castle, PI., March 11.--John B.
Psergt onas traveling salesman from ta
'ittasburg, wag shot and killed at New,
Castle Junction, supposedly by Robert
Mangla, an iron moulder of this city, IN
#i bb is held for the ag rder. It is
thought Ferguson made' an insulting
reatia to Mongla's. wife, who was
Hattiag for a train, and Mongin pulled e.
his revolver lad shot him. es
. t .mate i.rn °re !in. -
S ., e . O.-A g
hele uend tse rs pp
FIRST ACCOUNT.
Initial Newirt e,' the i-'eu.rfll ).):,ister as
"it.:oe-e (I ad It lehnn.
Olean, N. Y , M1arcih l I.--More than
a score of i'-'na wr khilled! and a
larg," nlnlllnbe wonded by an explosion
of oil i i Li i:. k cars of a freight
train on the tE:ie railroad. The train
broke in two east of Olean andr the
two se-tio():s of the train cnme together
with a cralh One of lihe oil tanks was
demonlished Fire broke out and the
sky was lighted up for miles. A large
crowld went from Olean to see the fire.
While the spectators were along the
tracks a terrific explosion occurred.
The flames communicned quickly with
the other tank cars and a second and
a third c xplosion followed in rapid suc
cession. Shreets of flame shot out in
all directions Scores of persons were
caught within the zone of the fire and
enveloped In flames. Men and boys
ran screaming down the tracks with
their clothing on fire. Others fell where
they were. overcome by the heat. Just
how many were killed is not known
as some of the bodies were incinerated
Sydney Fish, who has returned from
the fire, said: "I went to see the fire
anti when I was within a quarter of a
mile of the wrecked train there was
a terrific explosion. Flames shot out.
ward and upwards for a great distance
I saw several persons start to run.
Some dropped on the railroad tracks
and never moved. Others, who had
been standing close to the wreckage
were hurled through the air for hun
dreds of feet. Half a dozen boys ran
down the tracks with their clothing
oil fire. I could hear their screams dis
tinctly. They ran some distance down
the track and then threw themselves
to the ground, groveling in the ditches
in their frantic efforts to extinguish
the flames.
"I do not !:now how many were kill
ed, but I ceinty twenty-two bodies be
fore I came away. Some were badly t
disfigured."
ChnfRug Iron Fell oi Rails.
Springfield, Mo., March 11.-The
Frisco Southeastern limited which left
Springfield at 4:30 Monday morning for
the north was derailed 'at Bois d'Arc,
the mail car, baggage( express, smoker
and one chair car rolling over on their
sides. The engines and two sleepers
remaining upright. Two postal clerks.
Miller and Davis of Kansas City; and
the baggage master and express mes
senger, were slightly' hurt. None of the
passengers were injured. The cause of
the accident was a chaffing iron falling
on to the rails.
AFTER LEATHERMAN.
Proceedings to Be Instituted Against an
Arkansas Chancellor
Little Rock, Ark., March 11.--In the
lower branch of the general assembly
the following resolution was adopted:
"Resolved, That Leland Leatherman,
chazncellor of the third chancery dis
trict, be impeached of high crimes
and misdemeanors and gross miscon
duct in office."
The resolution was adopted in con
sequence of a report from the judiciary
committee to which had been referred
charges preferred against Chancellor
Leatherman by Sheriff R. L. Williams
of Hot Springs, Garland county. A
committee of five members of the
house was appointed to prosecute the
impeachment proceedings before the
senate, sitting, As a trial jury.
CLEVELAND'S DENIAL.
Poremer President Asserts He is Taking
No Active Interest in Poltles.
New York, March 11.--Grover Cleve
land denied that he came to New
York city for a political purpose, as
was rumored. He said:
"I came solely for the purpose of at
tending the Beechdr memorial meet
ing in Brooklyn. The reports that I
had a political talk with Edward N.
Sheppard, William C. Whitney and
others are untrue.
"I am not in politics; I am out for
good. I only saw Mr. Sheppard for
two minutes, and politics did not fig
ure in our conversation. Politics is
furthest from my thoughts at present,
although I amr always ready to act in
an advisory capacity if so desired.
"As for taking any active part in
politics, that is not to be considered."
Atruck by Lightning.
Grand Prairie, Tex., March 11.
Monday evening about 6 o'clock dur
ing an electric display, P. J. Florance's
residence was struck by lightning,
tearing off the cornice, corner boards
and shattering one door. The family
was considerably shocked. Mrs. Flor
ance was confined to her bed sick in
the corner of the room that was
struck. Her sister was in the rpom
near by and was struck by some of
the flying timber, but not seriously
hurt.
Alarmia itustlion.
JaCkson, Miss., March 1L-News
from the Mississippi river front is
that the situation is alarming. The
leverboard is in session at Clarke
dale and word was received here-that
an overtow is certain. The levees
are in better shape higher an stronger
than ever, except in one or two places
and they are being carefully guarded.
The levee board is hiring all the labor
' possible.
Commpes Under &hltes Aet.
,Washt#ton, March 11.--4'he Unit
ed States supreme court reversed the,
case of the Missouri Pacile Railway
compy vs. the United States, Isvolv
Ieg question of.dlseriminatios and
t~ri ader. the old law, and *6_re4vI
* aet s ik for trial. lum t tr+ w
SWORN *N4
Three Members of tlherpper HIousI T"kS
hlle t)ath ef Office,
Washington, March 11.-When ~ ,
senate met Monday S letter was read
from President pro *m Frye appoint
ing Mr. KeansN. J 1 as presiding offi
cer in his absence.
The oath of office was Men admE
istered to James P. Clarkle, Arkansas;
W. J. Stone, Missouri and Senator (alt
lincer. New Hampshire.
Mr. Stone was escorted *) the desk
by Mr. Cockrell and Mr. tallinger hby
Mr. %odge. Mr. Clarke walked *rt w
desk unaccompanied.
There being no legislative ~lusiness
to transact the senate at 12:05 on mo
tion of Mr. Cullom of illinois went
into executive session.
The senate committee on foreign re
lations agreed to favorably report the
Colombian canal treaty to the senate.
No action was taken on the Cuban or
other reciprocity treaties. The *ol
ombian treaty was reported as in the .
former session without amendment.
When the senate went into executive,
session, Senator Cullom reported theo
treaty and it was read at length as the
rules of the senate requiretl. Under
the rules an objection carried the
treaty over for one day before it could
be considered and Senator Morgan ob
jected to its consideration.
After the reading of the (-eaty Sen
ator Morgan stated that he desired to
have the Spanish copy of the treaty
5o as to compare it with the English
text. The state department was sioti
fled of this request.
BLOCKADE 0l' *GAII
State eptartmlenti IIdviser4 Tha 'Ils
Action Has IBeen Takes.
Washington, March 11.-3- cal9I
gram received at the state deplartment
from Mr. Russell, Wnitc I States
charge at I'aracas, states that se was
been notified by the Venezuelan gov
ernment that the blockade of June 28
last of the Orinoco and the ports ,f)
Carupano and Guanta was re-estal:;
lished March 3. The original block
ade caused a serious friction between
Venezuela and the European po),vers
and the latter sought to have the
United States join in a move refusing
to recognize the blockade. This our
government declined to do, though its
own shipping suffered during the op
erations of the allies, which involved
the capture of the Venezuelan govern
ment was no longer to maintain an
actual blockade so the decree was
suspended. Now that the ships have
been recovered it is understood the
conditions prior to the European com
plications will repeat themselves.
STATE SUSTAINED.
Convietion of John Broorflntld. 4otored,
Decided to Have Been L.egai.
Washington,iMarch 11.-The United
States supreme court affirmed theo
opinion of the supreme court of South
Carolina in the case of John Broom
field vs. the state of South Carolina.
Broomfield is a negro who resides in
South Carolina and was convicted of t
murder. He alleges that he had boon
denied the equal protection of the law
under the constitution because that
notwithstanding four fifths of the peo
ple of the community are colored, all
negroes were excluded from the grand
jury by which he was indicted. Jus
tice Holmes, who delivered the
opinion of the court, said there is no I
proof of the allegation and therefore
sustained the judgment of the state
court, which was adverse to Broom
field.
Preaidential Nominations.
Washington. March 11.-The presi
dent sent the following nominations to
the senate: Assistant surgeon in navy,
Clarence F. Ely of Pennsylvania; re
ceiver of public moneys, David L. Gey
er at Roswell, N. M. Postmasters:
Louisiana, Poranta T. Hart, Rayno. i
Among the nominations were a num
her of army promotions.
Agreement Made.
Washington, March 11.--By (iutual
agreement between the United States
and Mexico unsealed packages which
contain in sealed receptacles articles
which cannot be safely transmitted
unsealed will be admitted to the mai,s
between the two countries with cer
tain minor restrictions as to covering.
Mortgage Filed.
Guthrie, . Okla., March 11.-A mort
gage was filed in the sum of $4.000,000
by the Blackwell, Okla. to Vernon, 1
Tex., 235 miles. The road was recent
ly transferred to the Frisco system.
Rising at Memphil.
Memphis, March 11.-The river at
this point Monday nighl'showed 24.6
feet and still rising. A stage of thir
ty-five feet is-expected. Levees at all
weak points are being strengthened.
NEWS IN BRIEF.
Judge Allington Telle of Atoka, 1.
T., is dead. He was a full blood Choc
taw and highly educated.
Cowboys were prevented from filing
on land at Sherwood, Tex., being re
fsited by the population, including
school children.
Orchards were badly damaged by a
hail storm in the vicinity of Alto,
Cherokee county, Texas. The hail
stones were as large as hen eggs. To
mato and other plants were beaten in
to the ground.
Ben Elijah and Lee Pettaway, ne-
groes, had a fight at Texarkana. The
latter had one eye cut and died.
The town of Russell is to be laid out
on the Muskogee Southern railway.
It is twenty miles from Muskogee.
George J. Gould paid $1500 for a
special train from Jacksonville, Fla.,
north to overtake a train he missed.
Joel Bailey, one. of the best known
men in the nation trade and a several
times millionaire, died at Philadelphia.
James W. Miller of Fort Worth died!
at a New Orleans sanitarium while
mdaergoing an operation for appendi-,
ajijjmT::
IS SERIOUS.
ý i T lls Ir 1'1: 11 1'r.+ 1 ' 1-11 to g . l t ,a
t- i riti rr r ll , .;; T I" t . ti n ll3.
pilily. ' I !I 11 Tl.h 1V rIoTlF S
1l one-rant : ,,.,i I 'ln i ht, thfe
ill mai- .; h it -
ltio l i 1-;' .ia i n' . ti he , ri
0 il'- I",' iýý 0 r( . . `ý 0!t,, r' !I; 11 1'1'' Iil
'wat t f ,r,, ih ., I 1 not i rrive d
ye t. h lt by th; I . i i, , f.ilk it is ;
prif, cl ci it h iai !i I1 t ,, gl et ml
I r !se in thl, hi:; 4 . f til i ather r<I
" * ,'1ter1 r- l/ w ,in.!- aii , v ni iv
N I ; ! "/ <ll. lr 'ln ; 1s ivi.ng o n v
I ry hi ;tI . iin timany ;' ,., l,".ving A l he.
t)nging; ~ X i i 1, Tfi r i'itafthon south
Sof M.€ t.i), si i iii. I h anrl '.
ARn.Ef) ,UA, ),S
r Notch,,z, N1i. - . parr h 6#.--.4vle"
rrnards :i p::iti tiil1i n I. tIo .nvye s along
the river 1) )fit i ir:· vt to f en t ting em.
Siýi iialli<'tnt, "whli h ale hlardy (0o1)fin
E ing v-nt,,: r toi ttheir <hannr, the
rains, whir h f I'I in toIrri nts, das
swelled Ill triiuntar. rs, ant 9e Sood
1 from rlleeks tlai bayvous is rustling
Tnto Ch, river.
'4 i steamer,'ets" y li,,. *oni ayol
Bara. and ,cuiattir. fr iom lii.ksburg,
arrivied sieve al h.oirsb lat' wi+tb great
SrInll r of reuI es. 11''
oridIA f- it 9IIr qaiw y 4LIInE to
, nclre lVI ut'she4 Awaiy.
*fincoln. Nb.. March II.-.lais ser
rie' ii Nebirasrk i.: paralyzed on ac
CoilrA ofi flob ts. lridge.s on all aiain
t nes of *l Tinrlington ant Onion 9a
cifle wnre wa1he*out by floods Monday
r oIglO The Itock slan@ bridge at
iouth Hiend wa; torn loose andborne
down upon thl bridge at Louisville, de
stroying the mi tl' spans, andi the wa
4ts watshe 1 out the remainder.
?Ni,0i noa Iit r ,liutlir aniy Inorewit
toe g~I: lg." qoiifInul a business itla
who Ii. :ud toi eitiiertain largely at poker.
"I haven:'ti't tit tlcherl Ia 'irdll in seven
years'. The' frieu'ls I made ait the pok
er trihl wre linoir and dear to me.
When I livel oni the seventh floor of a
I teneint, lhi y lliI.iocked to s'ue me night
ly, cliihinrg the stairs without a miur
jlur. V ben I movedl to the Bronx,
they f.iliiwed liii'. WlVhin I settled in
Jamalia, the ride .l) my holuse did not
seem too il lo ug li' t lheli. nor did they
mind the journey house it :3 or 4 In the
iorniill. \Vhhe I reaitzled that A was
support iug tiheni with niy loisses,. I tote
up the ciirds ai d l raked(l the chlilps
with ta hniiiuier. 'When. lo, behohl. ev
ery mother', i.s¶i of thieni kinew me no
more! I li l 0 so far away that It wais
.Impossibleli to find hiie to conle to visit
Ime. Sf1 surile lthait if 1 htad opened a
Spoker gamie ii the dairkiest cell in the
tottomn of tile tottoilless pit they would
have toie to play with lii'. To regain
their friendship it is only Ine'essiarty to
annoullnce a reopenling of the game.'"
New York ltPress.
The Etiquette of ('ue.
" China the men take as much l)ride
in their hair as wn(,en, and the "pig
tail" is a thing of oie little moment. In
making the cue the whole head is shav
ed except a circular patch upon the
crown. The hair froml this is braided,
and strands of silk are added, which
end in a tassel reac'hiig to the heels.
In full mnourning the black strands are
,eplaced by white ones and in second
niourning by light blue or green.
It is an unpa rdolubile breach of eti
quette for :ai ilnferlior to enter the pres
snce of a superior with his cue wound
round his neck or head. aus it Is fre
quently dislposed of during work, and
the grealtch't insult one nun .ign offer
another is to pull his cue. It seems
very odd to see sailors and soldiers on i
ship ori ba rracks conmbing each oth
cr's long tresses or coolies Iat the street º
coruners performing the same friendly
office. *ustomn forbids a man to wear
a board and miustaclhe until lie becomes
a grandfather.
Hie *ot Ip.
There is a keen knowledge o?luman l
nature in the following bit of fun from
the Lewiston Journal, Ibut no more than
might be expected from a down east
tavern keepor who has had a longgx- 1
perience with Ialiu tuinnl sportsmLen, of
whomi many are called, but few get up: I
A urighty hunter from Boston "put
up" at a quaint little Maine hostelry
anlleft word in the otlice that he wish- (
ed to lie called at half past * in *heie
morning. Sharp at that time*he next I
morning camine a thunderingap naiis
door. (
"All righ'! I ie !a ,u in a ilit
ute!"' anled a mutffled voicaiomnSudel
the quilts.
"You get up here now and sign 1s t
,ceilpt!" coonlumanded Uncleo'y.
"lReceipt? Wihat receipt ?" lemnandde
a very widenawake voice, and the %et
squeaked loudly.
"Wa.I," grulnt(ed( Uncle *y, "' 4f&n
calkerlate to have ye htumnping downui
the oftic-, at K o'clock declaring lhatle
ain't beenl called."
llusnorouu Mlxt4s".
IS a Scotc:h lhurch nit old nministee
who was very deaf was also very anx
ious to introdille somel new lhymnblliooks
into ti(h chuirclih andil aslked I.is Orecen
tor to give out the notice iliudl(iatelly
after lthe semlnli. lThe preeniitor, hav
ing a noiticlf his oiwni, gnic;eltiuit lli
mieinhl rs ofI" the congrelgatiol wi,4hing
to have their e.ii r.n baptizes were
to senid their ililes into Sie ,*try.
The old niili.ster, thinkiuig hat it was
the notlee albout the hiymnibooks, stood
up and said. '*And I wish to say, for
the benefit of those who have not any,
that they may be had in the vestry any
afternoon, between the hours of 3 and
-olrdinarjy Itle ones at a shilling
i i speelat .little nres, with red
saiW *lree,'t
*nthM In Africa.
n l .I Im , a surprise to the amen
ight.benetd S tearn that probably no ex
h)orw,v illn or'inc his passage through
AAfrice. Ih4 oe:er for more than a few
A iy t at Ia Ilr ten off some beaten
'tet(k. L:Viry tilliagt is connected with
s(tem' Ih o( village, every tribe with the
l(ex< ?trile, '\vry state with its neigh
PIr irot l rl 'ref,.re with all the rest.
l.h. 3 lv'r '. bhusiness is simply to
sl(hct fr'(il "hi4 net work of traces,
ke'n a g-,r':tl d)iltrection and hold on
his lwy. t!:(ey sire veritable foot
Saths. nIe ic over a foot in breadth.
entea r t ud iil.eA intted beneath the
SI-vvt? (tI ih formsl be.d of centuries of
*ative ra itte.
tike I.( rt·o:s of the old Romans,
wreleh I(tp):s7iiun straight on through
*verythitg. ridge a1l lloluntain and
valley. nIleY. shying lit oblstacles, nor
anywhe3rte turningl asitle to breathe.
t* t wvithin *iis general straightfor
wardness are y singular eccentricity
ant an ltdire.tness of detail. And
fiih tteason is not far to seek. If a atone
is entcoiunttere,, no native will ever
think of rr'eltovin\g it; hie simply walks
around f. Rt would never occur to him
that thati stone was a displaceable ob
Ject and that for the general weal he
lilgl dJisplace it.
FI e.Vhate's Appetite.
] whale's appetite is phenomenal.
.his chief di4t consists of jellyfish. tie
ti:s simply Sb open his mouth and pad
lle aloalong leisurely in order to take in
Jellyfish *y She wagon load. Such is
. the tpithodc adopted by the whalebone
whale. #hse sperm whale, on the con
SIary, captures huge squids weighing
often seveiral tons. Like his brother
the «hialebone whale, he must be con
stantly Oer the lookout for food; other
wise tie would starve. As many as
fourteel seials have been taken from a
thirty root "killer." Other fishes of
enormous appetites are not uncommon.
The bluefish, for example, thrives on
sardines and other small fish. Assum
ing that one bluefish eats ten small fish
a day, it has been figured that it re
quires 10,(X00.(00,000 sardines to feed
the 1,000,000,000 bluefish on aur coasts
every summer. Most curious of all
eaters is the hydra--a strange creature
that can be turned inside out without
impairing its appetite or its power to
eat.-Scientific American.
A Mistake That Paid.
Mistakes made on purpose are some
times profitable, and a Nelv York mer
chant illustrates it tl4us:
"A concern owed me $50, and , .peat
ed duns did no good. The debt was
perfectly square, but I had no does
mentary evidence on which to base -
suit, so I decided to be foxy and secure
such proof.
"I sent a bill for $100, with a an1ente
?etter, figuring that the concern w.i1t~
answer, repudiating the claim of $1S
and saying that the amount was ie'.
Once I got this admission I Would t-e
in a position to sue.
"Imagine my surprise and pleasure
when I received a letter from the man
ager of the concern apologi~ing for the
delay and inclosing a check for $100."
Her Millrta stool.
He-Then, if you are willing, we
will be married at once, but we will
not live in the close, crowded city. I
will purchase a little farm, and we will
live on it and be as happy as turtle.
doves.
She-.ud I shall be a farmer's wife.
"Yes, my darling."
"And what do you think, John? You
won't have to buy a milking stool for
me, for I've got one already."
"You have?"
"Oh, yes, the prettiest you ever saw
-decorated with handsome plush and
cherry colored ribbons."
*arlyle on Norvle.
* letter of Carlyle's gives us the
opinion of novels entertained by him
in the year 1866. To a budding story
teller he wrote to suggest that she-.
should "shove her own novel well
aside for a good while or forever and
be shy even of reading novels. If she
sdo read, let it be good and wise books,
which not one in 10,000 of the kind now
called 'novels' is." And yet Carlyle
was himself guilty of at least begin
ningc% write a novel.
dkoons 0n the Solar System.
There are at least twenty moons in
the solar system. Saturn alone has
eight, the biggest of them, Titan, being
nearly twice the size of the moon, and
Jupiter poss sses four, ranging in di
nrenslons upward from Europa, just
about as large as the orb of terrestrial
night, *- (Ganymede, greatest of all
knowlemoons, with a diameter of 8,480
miles, whereas the moon belonging to
Sis world is only 2,1(00 miles through.
Sj'lre Extlnlralsher.
Srnman made application for insur
aice on a building situated In a village
where there was no fire engine. He
*-as asked:
"What are the macilities in your vl!
tige qorixtlnguishing fire?"
"Well, it ralns sometimes," he re
Olick4 with great simplicity.
4 Great Inaventon.
*uyer-So this suspender Is called the
*ydrophobic?
trulmmmner fes, sir; these suspenders
shrilnk when' the wearer approaches
wIater, t lnd lwhen e ge'ts near n nuddle
tory tonltract. lift hirn over it .i land
tin, yv shod, onu the other s" New
Chrk Wines.
.innted to "Realise."
Three-year-old Julia wanted to write
ianta I'auts to 1bring her a "su!,o,t
guna W'hen asked what she wnal'tel
it for, she said:
1 want to shoot one of papa's e
and get the money out of it, for . .pa
says there is money in cattle."--Little
Chronicle.
The great man .is he who does not
lose his child's h6ert.-Mden$us.