& 0R o Chill T1.ýc
1* *iteles. ui an.rs.mlsed to Cms Canls sad
Fessr amdt all elaWrsaI TreeMIss.
Does Not Coatala Qeutal NeA Other Poises.
Dees Not Injare the Stomach Nor FEeet the Hearing I
a W. A. McLarty & .oa, DimeBox, TeL., say: Ramon's Pepsin Chill Tonic is the
est we have ercr handied. My son prescribes it in his practice, and says It is
theoly 'll Tonio which a child can take without injury to the stomach."
Price .. BROWN XFG. CO.. Prop'rs. Greenerille. Tenn.
Corner 'T'exas and . ri g Sreets.
BADQUATTEt
Fine Whiskies, brandies, 'mp. rt* lIt, ,estic ("
ins, Wines aRn, sundrine .Fi ' .i ir Br,. r-i
1 rsd* solicited. Promt n "
LARGESTANoMOSTCOMPLETE O YfC ORY ON EARTH WRI ri FOR
PRICES AND
S~.._~ CATALOCUE
OUR Gooos ARE ptE BEST -
OUR PRICE THE LO.EST
SrMc.@ -* .. .
B.HU(i, Pres. YALM HICKS, Vic.-tPres. W;, Od.JdiK, 8at a rtr a
DIRECTORS:sU
8 B BICKS, WALE BICK..- _ B GOSMAh, W F CHA9s.
T e BSOVI.LL, 6 H TTI SON,.
THE HICKS COMPANY
LIMITED
Wholesale Grocers
and Cotton Factors.
Offiee andWarehouse, C )rner Spring and Travis
aid Taxas and Cownmmree Strmetq
Lbor Saving Readig for
Busy Mcn and Women.
THE OTLOOK "
A W s ly Nwqpr w d f a> IlEud Mapaed . in es. T del. owy
f wof -happaimp sry awnek is rih. dir-.t i.pnaphk Ly AMes
ia diar-&-L and HmmAm 'V. Mai th Amcis Edie.
JACOB A. RIIs RALPH CONNOR
Thsesur V" Hew he Othr HdfUwa' Undsr ths wwm e wmi.a two d dhe
-a iTm Oou wes lnd mstym m -a vt, " Iasyesh ke aed
ssen peulems s. a dhi i.n "The SL.ylt. A sew vel of C . um ad
S GEL4 To . introduce Tue
LYMAN ABBOTT OFFER Om.oo,,onwred
asse·ri·Clead*ai'cs we will send it fr
e ea ~ two moths' tris fbr aS cents pro
*.4 weadna s. . vim cd this ppapr mentioaed. Addras
am w a Eidd, dba uT OUTLOOI NEW YORK
THE TEXASR STORE.
IS HEADQUARTE S FOR
Bargains In Dry Goods
and Shoes, Clothing,
AND HATS, LADIEIS' AND GENTS' FURNISHING
GOODS, TRUNKS AND VALISES, ETC.
Fine Milhlnery A Specialty. Everything is being sold at
the lowtst prices. Give us a Call and be convinced.
El1 resza Stuweet, duRanPr, L
TO DATE IN WORK AND APPLI ANC'ES
M Ihre'Vpour Plumbing & Electrical Co..,
LIMITEDr
'Are supplied with the best improv ed surplies fo
Rooms, Lavatory, Closets and all work connected
plumbing. Special attention given to Repairing
and Steam Fitting. A'l work guaranteed. Prices
Sble.
O.fice on Milam, near Spring Street.
CHRISTMAS GIFTS.
ATTPACTIVE ARTICLES ILLUSTRATED
AND DESCRIBED.
A Capacious and (onvenient Hand
kerchief ( ase For a Man-A Taking
Little Trfle U hich Carries a Bright
I:oliday Aspect.
The first cut, from The Designer, is
a suggestion for that most difficult cf
all gifts to decide upon, "something for
a imanl." Its construction is thus de
scribed,: I' , it are required pasteboard,
stiff paper, a small chamois skin, a
sheet of wadding, half an ounce of
sachet p,wilcer, 114 yards of satin rib
bon four or five inches wide, and one
quarter of a yard of India silk the
MiiUCt(IIOTR CASE.
same sh:ul,' as the ribbon, with sewing
and Imbreini Try silk to match. ('ut
from the Ipastboard three pieces four
Inches square. Two of these cut in
half. This gives you one square and
four oblong pieces. Cover one side of
each neatly with the chamois. From
the paper cut pieces like those of the
pasteboard, also from the wadding, al
lowing a margin for turning over the
edges of paper. Split the wadding and
sprinkle the powder between the lay
ers. Close them and haste on the silk,
covering one sile of the paper pieces
with it. These form the lining for the
pieces covered with the chamois. Baste
the respective pieces of chamois and
silk together. Overhand with tiny
stitches three sides of the oblong
pieces, leaving one long side of each
and the entire square unsewed.
The design Illustrated is feather
stitched around the edges with em
broidery silk. which is all the square
needs, as it is the bottom of the case.
On two of the oblongs are embroidered
initials, on the other two sprays of
flowers. This can be done before put
ting on the pasteboard, or the decora
tion can be done with oil or water col
ors. Sew the ends of the ribbon to
gether, mark it with thread in quar
ters on both edges, gather with very
fine stitches both edges of the ribbon.
Now take the square piece and to each
corner fasten one of the marked quar
ters of one edge of the ribbon, the
right sides of the ribbon and chamois
being placed together. Overhand neat
ly. putting most of the fullness iround
the corners, as little is required be
tween. Observe this particularly, or
the case will not take a good shape
when closed. On the other edge of the
ribbon attach In the same way the un
sewed side of the four oblong pieces.
putting the two with the initials oppo
site each other.
To put in shape lay the square, which
is the bottom, on a table, bring the
edges of the ribbon together, making
puff of it. This will bring two of tb
oblong pieces over the bottom, forming
1/
a second square, opening vertically,
and the two other pieces over this one,
forming a third square, opening horl
sootalily. The upper square can be fas
tened with loop and button or narrow
riblon The most effective shade of
ribbon for the puff if the chamois Is
used is old rose or light blue, but a case
for hard usage as well as one of ex
ceeding richness is made from bronze
leather or heavy brown silk with rib
bon to match.
The "cord box." also from The De
signer, Is extremely pretty. To make
it put a ball of cord Inside of a paste
board box which is a three Inch cube.
Cover the box with white water color
paper, bringing the end of the cord
through a bole at the center of the top.
Fasten the ends of the paper down
with sealing wax and tie a piece of
satin ribbon around the sides. Paint
with water colors a spray of holly on
top.
lashreoms For Breaklast.
For breakfast mushrooms are good
when served on toast in this way: For
a pound of mushrooms take a pound of
minced beefsteak. Fry the steak, add
salt, peppl-, paprika and half a cupful
of water. Cook for two or three min
utes. Strain off the gravy, rejecting
the meat. Add the mushrooms cleaned
and broken small Season with butter
and lemon Juice and pour over the
toast.
Pear Chips.
Iake eight pouIds of hard pears
sliced thin, eight pounds of sugar, the
Juice of six lemons and the grated or
thinly pared rind of two, two ounces of
green or dry ginger roet chopped fine
and one tumblerful of water. Cook un
til etler, the seal in Jelly glasses.
A CANDY BEE.
Vp to Date In Chaang Dish Style. A
Some Appropriate Reelp-s.
The good old days \ hen a marsh
mallow toa:lted surreptitiously over a
candle or a low turned gas jet seemed a
triunmph of Itavado and 'culinary skill
to the college girl are overpast. and
few Iup to date young women now
seek the classic shades without includ
ine in their scholastic outfit a cl;ting d
dish and na many of its accessories as n
they can (compass. c
In many of the western university s
towns where coeducation prevails the a
soornity and fraternity houses furnish
the stage settings for weekly chafing
dish candy bees, those sweet functions
which usually take plate Saturday
evenings. Each girl comes armed with
her own dish and her own favorite rec
Ipes. while the masculine element In
the role of attendant squires are kept
busy shelling nuts, chopping figs and
raisins, grating cocoanut or popping
corn. White paper caps made to imi
tate the French chefs and big white
aprons are worn by all these contest
ants for culinary honors. The long
dining t'Lhle is left without a cloth,
while a tray at each place holds the
chafing dishes. All of the adjuncts are
placed near at hand before ti.l actual
cooking I,~eins, never omitting plenty
of soft towels and a hottle of olive oil
In case the alcohol spills over on the
polished table. The instant this occurs
(and no chafing dish party is ,ov,,r im
imuine frol) anccdlents of this kind) a lit
tle oil is poured on the spot and the oil
and alcohol "sopped" up with towels.
Everything in the way of nuts, can
died fruits and popcorn can be utilized
in chaling dish confectionery. To in
crease the fun and jollity judges are
often appointed and prizes offered for
the most original designs or for the
most successful combinations of color
or flavor.
The folluwing recipes for fudges and
candles have all been frequently tested
and pronounced the best of their kind, I
according to Table Talk, which pref- 1
I aces them as above:
Pecan Candy.-Any one who has i
ever lived in New Orleans is familiar
with the delicious creamed pecan can- n
dy for which the old darky mammies
r are famous the world over. These can- i
dies are easily made, although it is dif
ficult in the north to procure the rich
brown sugar, the genuine product of
[ the cane. The light brown or coffee
sugar of our markets is, however, a
fairly good substitute. To a pound of I
sugar add two-thirds of a cupful of
boiling water and two even table-!
spoonfuls of sweet butter. Stir until it
melts. Add just a pinch of cream of'
tartar and let the sirup boil without
stirring until a drop of it will make a
soft blll when rolled between the fin
gers. Wet the fingers In Ice water be-,,
fore tasting. When the drop is still
t soft, but does not stick, the candy Is
ready, If it Is too hard and cracks
1 when bitten. It has boiled too long, and
In that case add a teaspoonful of water
and let the slrup boll an instant Do
not stir. but merely test again. When
it reaches the creamy or soft ball con
ditlon, extinguish the flame and pour
in a cupful of pecan kernels. Have
ready buttered tins and pour the candy
Into them. When partly cool. crease
with a knife Into candles two inches
square. Break Into squares when cold.
Concord Cream Peppermlnts.-Put
Into the blazer two cupfuls of granu
lated sugar and one-half cupful of wa
ter. After it begins to boll remove the
spoon and boll eight mlnutes placing
,the hot water pan under it If It bolls
. ,. ,I- fll . -rr AA -8_1. A-,,..
too rapidly. Remove, add eight drops t
of peppermint. beat bhad and drop
from the end of the spdon on waxed a
paper. When hard, they may be drop- a
ped In melted chocolate, then lifted out I
with a fork and again placed on oiled
paper to dry. I
Chocolate Pudge.-Melt one butter I
ball In the cutlet pan, add one cupful c
of cream or milk. two cupfuls of granu-I
lated sugar and one-half cake of un-1 h
sweetened chocolate. Stir constantly b
until the chocolate Is melted Heat to' t
bolling point and boil eight or ten min- s
utes until it looks crumbly, and if a lit- e
tie Is thrown into cold water it draws t,
Into a globule, though not crisp, like
candy. Extinguish fame, add one tea- r
spoonful of vanilla and beat until the t
mixture is creamy. Pour into a slight- II
ly buttered pan, cool and mark in *
squares.
Maple Creams.-Put Into the blazer I
one-half pound maple sugar broken in- E
to small pieces with one-half pint t,
cream. Heat to boiling point and cook o
10 or 15 minutes until it begins to It
harden slightly. Have ready in a but- n
tered pan a layer of pecan or hickory b
nut meats and pour the hot mixture a
over it. Cool and mark Into squares. d
t.
Attractive Settlas For a Salad.
Fill a large charlotte russe mold d
with water and let it freeze solid. With
a hot flatiron melt out the center of the r
lee so as to form a bowl and line this n
B II
li
B (
'I P
r 0
s
v
OYSTaR BALAD IN ICE BOWL.
with lettnce leave'. Scald a pint of
oysters. When they look plump, drain
and cool them. When ready to serve,
dress the oysters with mayonnaise and
arrange In the ice bowl alternately
with a pint of sliced cabbage that has
been chilled In ice water dried and
dressed withi mayonnaise. Set the r
bowl upon a folded napkin and garnish t
with parsley and stuffed olives. says
Boston Cooking School Magazine,
which Illustrates this attractive fancy.
DREbS MATERIALS.
A Few Standard Styles and Many
Novelties.
[Special Correspondence.]
LNEW YonRK, Nov. 19.--The styles In
materials have settled down to certain
things, and all others can be noted as
among what are usually classed as nov
elties. The nimost Ipopular of the every
day stuffs are French and Scotebh flan
nels, broadcloths and some fuzzy f:anu
cles besides venetlan. The plaid back
stuffs are for rainy day and sporting
suits more than for nicer wear, but so
many uses are found for them that it
Is easier to say for what they are not
worn than what they are. One thing
they are specially well adapted for Is
the bicycle suit; but, curiously enough,
I
I I
r
el
dV wn RTu T T MnT.n r
the bicycle seems to be less well liked
than formerly, and in a short time it
will have become one of the things
that were. Those who thought they
could not live without a wheel are now
practicing on roller and steel skates.
Ice skating on an artificial pond is to ,
be one of the most fashionable of all
sports this winter, and the plaid back
goods will be as useful for that as for
the other. Its utility consists in the
fact that no lining is required, and the
skirt is therefore lighter thin it would
be of any other thing.
A word on the best way to make up
this stuff may nAt be out of place here.
To make up the skirt so that the plaid
back may show, if it so happens that
it does, without any unpleasant appear
ance it should be made with all strap b
ped seams, which make the inside as a
smooth as the outside. At the bottom h+
the goods are applied on the outside, bt
which leaves the plaid in view to the e
edge. This is faced up on the outside TI
and stitched as many times as one a'
feels like having it, and the same color
and design or surface is seen all on the
outside and the same is on the inside.'
If the placket Is so arranged as to be
alike on both sides, the skirt can be
worn either side out. This Is a real
boon to the girl whose wardrobe is nec
essarily limited. * Some of this plaid si
back stuff is really very handsome, and J'
the outside colors are refined and ele
gant. The plaids are of every descrip- u
tion. Some of theW have the woolly li
surface so much liked. From black fL
through all the grays and all the
browns and tans the list of these goods
Sgoes, and we may well be thanktful to' h
Sthem.I
Aside from the last mentioned goods
are some beautiful effects In prunellas y
and Pleardy fancies. Fancles are as a
general rule poor economy, as they are iI
I for the purpose of affording a pretty L
effect, though not a lasting stuff. This
Is well, for we soon grow tired of fan- b
i cy and gay patterns. while the plain ri
surfaced goods are nice as long as they w
' last, and no one ever grows tired of
Sbroadcloth or any of the standard ma- b
terials. Prunella is one of the new
standard favorites, and it makes most I
excellent dresses and handsome ones
Stoo.
The all wool and the silk warp hen- L
rlettas are among the best liked of ma
terials, and they lend themselves to
light and artistic shades and colorings
with unusual grace. Reseda is one of
the new colors, and it is very beautiful
in this soft and lustrous materiaL
Nearly all of the colors for winter seem
to be but a deepening ef the shades
of autumn. Albatross cloth is produced
In a variety of shades and colors, and It
makes effective garments at a reasona
ble figure and, like all of the entire
wool stuffs, is durable and can be In.
definitely cleansed, even washed. Next
to the Scotch flannels and Scotch twill
this is the best possible value for chil
dren's frocks.
I had a letter from an unknown cor
respondent last week, and she asked
me to speak of some children's milli
nery, and so I do, as it is very flatter- h
ing to a writer to know that there are h
really people who read fashion matter.
She did not state the ages of the chil
dren, and so I have to go on guesswork
as far as she is concerned, but the dear e
little hats are suitable for all children
over 2 years. The dainty little hood
is of plain white net over baby blue
silk, and the ruffle is of baby blue vel
vet. A row of lace is passed around the
crown, and on the top are a bow of rib
bon and a short plume. The boy's cap
needs no explanation. The larger of
the two hats shows a round brim
and a drapery and bow of the same
shade of light gray as the rough felt
I hat. The small one at right shows a
round brim light mode felt, with brown
velvet drapery and bow, with two
quills and a fancy gilt buckle. Hats for
children are mostly plain and neat
rather than extravagant. Colors may
be such as the wise mother has adopt*
ed for the child, always with the full
consent of the child, who has a right to
a prneference. OIVa HARPER.
Dr. Humphreys'
Specifics care by acting directly upon
the disease, without exciting disorder in
any other part of the system.
No. CUsS. P-RIC.
I-Fevers. Congestions, Inflammations. .25
2-Worms. Worm Fever. Worm Colic... .25
3-Teething. Colic.Crylng.Wakefulness .25
4-Diarrhea. of Children or Adults .... .23
7-oughs. Colds. ronchitis ....... .5
8-Neuralgla. Toothache. Faoeache..... .25
9--lleadache. Sick Headache. Vertigo.. .25
10-Dyspepsla. Indlgestion.Weak Stomach.'25
11-Suppressed or Painful Periods.... .25
12--Whites. Too Profuse Periods ....... .25
13-Croup. Laryngltis. Hoarseness...... .2
I 4-alt Rheum,. Erysipelas, Eruptions. .25
15-Rheumatism. Rheumatic Pains.. ... .25
16-Malaria. Chills. Fever and Ague ..25
19-Catarrh. Influenza. Cold In the Head .25
20-Whooping-Cough .................... .25
7-Kidney Disease .............. .25
28-Nervous Debility ....................1.00
3O-Urinary Weakness. Wetting Bed.. ...5
77--Grip. Hay Fever ................ ..... .25
Dr. Hnmphreys' Manual of all Diseases at your
Druggists or Mailed Free.
Sold by druggists, or sent on receipt of price.
Humphreys' Med. Co., Cot. William &John Sta..
New York.
COMMERCI&L
National Bank.
......OF.....
SHRETVEPORT, ,L..-.
CAPITA L $100.00O
SURPLUI And ~nde- 00
SURP s.. vided I'roflt I 000
OFFICERb
PETS. YOUREE...............P.-esldea
H' H. YOU RIE ......... Vice-President
9. i. WATSON........... .Cashier
A. T. KAHN ............ Assitant Cashier
Accounts:and collections respect
llfuy solicited.
pCaves. t and Try-M'3-a . ctauhed s. :
lent auanmese n"d. tc2 for SooLSA . -i Cs.
OOum(rFcig is Ololrr1 U. 8 Panret O,.no
and rwec secure atent m ass t me th.n
remote fromt. Wasitl-S oe.
Sena model, drn.g as hoto., with -
oa .Wed vs at asemabt. or nc. h -o
charge, s lee not oa. .." 'atent is sa5red.
A Pamu aS-T " How to Ob'am Patcn s w
of same an ths U S and torea .v ua-.Lnaa
C.A. SNOW& CO
BIDkI INVITBU.
Bids are hereby Invited for building a
bridge, about 80 or 90 teet long, known as
Hanoock bridge, in Fairleld, about one
half mtil from city limits. Said bi-dge to
be built of wood according to parish
ereolleations. Bids to be opened at nezt
esslioe of the Jury, Deoember 18, 19)0.
The Jury reserves the right to reject any
and all bids. WM. WINtTElt,
Prelidest t'ro Tem.
A L DURINQER, Clert.
Nov 5L.
UUON8810O BALer.
No. rS-L-la First Dismles Court of
Louislaa.--Bueeselos of 8bera Nuaves.
By virtue of a eommislsi sand order ot
sale to me ise0ed toi the above
sugese.n. by the onorable Inrst
Judietal District Court of Loules
lan_, Parila of Caddo, I will sol for
ersb. with the beaetS of apprateemont, a
the drimelpal front door of the courthouew,
In bhreveport, La., durinag the legal hoors
for smales, eo
SATURDAY, DiCIJBNIB 3!, 1900,
the tellowlag desribed ral estate belosg
lag to said suaceslon, So-wit: 00 asres of
land ln ftireteal seotism a8, tewacnhlp 1s
north, ruoes 15 weet, and uhtsmnoeteg ot
a nt line of amid e.ionee I at southwest
eerase eof t ertamu trees If !7 ae es sold by
M Fa g to oas leav, November 97.
lt , nad run t sono erthl g te wdnt
line e.1 N4e Mesea veeW' trans to Cross
Lake, thseae north and west on the
SsvereN Ite of CG'oss Lake, until a
st elent distaces towards the west Ima
been geme to lnolnue 0 aores of lead by
runnlag south on a I ha parallol to said
west sidet o Nesve' land to the soath
.are of rid seotion ii, thence east to place
: begitasg, a:d b log same In bought
by said Seaborn Nosy, s from M H Page,
, gether with bullaings an i improvements
heroes. SIMON BEROLD,
Admitnstrator of said oooeession.
Nov II.
Lot Queee r simen Coope
COOPER BROS.,
MISSOURI LIVERY SALE
AND FEED STABLES
And Stocl Lots
Cornrelt Loulsana;andTelas Streets
Shreveport, La. Telephone 57.
NUTIOB.OF.BBTRAY,
Taken up by James Thomas on the
Strlnglellow place near "Fitz re", one
sorrel pony borse. about M or 10o 3ears old;
has dark mane, with wblte spr, an fore
head and one on nose or lip. No other
marks or branas
Ibe owner will come forward, prove
property, pay charges and tkie the animal
or the came will be sold according to
estray law on
FRIDAY, DECEMBEB St, 1903.
(3. H. ICKS,
Judge City Court, Shreveport, La.
The Cauooasian, Nov. dl.
Jules Dreyfuss, David F, Taber,
OREYFUSS & IABER,
Fire Insurance Agents.
222 Milam Street.
Respectfully solicits a share
of your business.
J