THE CAUCASIAN.
e Xll. SHREVEPORT. LA., THURSDAY. M1ARCH 26, 19o3:. *0. j3j
gr Secial Cut Prices on
RUBBER TIRES
As Follows:
PRICE PER SET.
- e Rubber only Rubber and Channels
_in. --------.$15oo_ _$21 So.
.---------- 00 -----------22 00.
-_ , - _ 22 o0.. _-. . 28 00.
Tire 5oc. each over 1/` the price for full set.
yder Wagon Co. Ltd.
SHREVEPORT, LA.
Pres. A. F. JENKINS, V.-Pres. S. J. ENDERS, Sec. & Treas.
S FURNITURE CO., Ltd.,
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL
Furniture, Mattresses,
Window Shades, Wall Paper.
cRugs, Fancy Toilet Sets, Linoleum,,Art Squares, Car
ttings, Wal Paper and Pictures. A hearty greeting
all who favor us with a call.
316-318 Texas St., Shreveport, La.
J. v. HESTER.
L EMiRY.
un& Co.,
v-c. Perin.
- .t'.
to alII I '
:; ~sgb adrt 1
et' PwatM I~
- mu
~-`1i -ijpCl Fi
ýý r 3
- u2
amt~1 ap· to·-· ;··
slM*"iw p al
~ ?y
:LA
tb·· U·m
thea
df`i' t
k4
HOLZMAN'S
Following' REDUCTIONS will be
ijnade this' week on the well known Holz
man Manufacturing Company's
WTITE MADRAS
SHIRT WAISTS
Regular $3.75y and $2, this week $1.48.
aeglalr $%So, this wreek $.g
fReg ar 20 this week $248.
See Show Window for Display.
JUST RECEIVED COMPLETE new
line of Ladies Black and Net Peau De
Sole Silk Skirts, prices $io to $3o.
R13114N.
All Silk Neck Ribbon, 3 to 4 inches
wide, regular price i5c; this week soc;-per
yard.
Complete new line Ladies Tea Jackets,
Riinona~ and Wrappers received.
S.ECIALS
*6inch Corded Figsred Madras Cloth
regular price 15c, this week 12 I-2c.
so pieces Black Lace Stripe Figured
Ratiste, regular price Iac, this week roc.
io pieces - Red, Canary, Pink, Light
BlueaIeliotrope ?ique, regular I5c, this
cek soc,
S3-4. Skirting and Dress Percale only
6c per yard.
-emb"'er we are Sole Agents for
tANNER 'PATTERNS, prices sac and
IPUNA
hiers and Preadsts of
li*#t adorse.
& bbi8din street, Shreve.
as a schael is reliaMle, that
fortchad sariugian
CLARA BARTON.
CENSURED BY ROOSEVELT AND
DEFENDED BY W. P. PHILIPS.
The Red Cross and Tts Wonderful
Achievement-IHistory of the Amer
ican Organization-A Wom
an's Mission and Work.
Bridgeport, Conn., March 16.-Wal
ter P. Phillips, for twenty years secre
tary of the Red Cross, has raised his
voice in protest against President
Roosevelt's recent action regarding the
society founded by Clara Barton, whom
he regards as a woman who has placed
a new and striking imprint upon the
reas. history of the human race. He regards
Miss Barton as one of those persons
who is every now and again born into
the world for some specific purpose, and
compares her greatness with that of
Alexander, Hannibal, Napoleon, Wel
lington, Susan BI. Anthony, and a host
of others. Although he resigned his po
sition one year ago, he says he owes it
to himself to defend a woman who is
being unjustly assailed. In a lengthy
paper he has prepared Mr. Prillips tells
of the wonderful achievements of Clara
ar* Barton.
Some twenty-five years ago when Mr.
Phillips was at the head of the Asso
ciated Press in Washington a lady un
knowfi to him at the time asked, through
a mutual friend, for an audience with
him. It was Miss Clara Barton.
"She came to my office and briefly
told me the story of the Red Cross from
its inception in Geneva down to that
time," says Mr. Phillips in his article.
"Even then every important nation on
the face of the earth had given its as
be sent and become a party to the Geneva
rolz- treaty, with the solitary exception of the
United States. The matter had been re
peatedly presented to our government,
but it ha4 not appealed -to Secretary
Seward, add his successors in the state
department wire reluctant to recom
mend anything that had been consid
-ered and rejected by that alert and able
r48. statesman. The latest attempt to secure
the adherence-of the United States had
been made by the Rev. Henry W. Bel
lows, who had finally given up the con
test against precedent and prejudice and
had written to Miss Barton that while
he wished her success in the field in
which he had been defeated, he saw no 1
ne hop in the situation for her or anybody
else.
"Miss Barton, whose services in the
Northern armies during the civil con
flice are matters of such recent history
that I need'not dwell upon them, had
gone to Europe, in 1869, for a much
needed rest.
DECORATED BY EMPEROR
WILLIAM.
"With the breaking out of the war
between Gertany and France she was
urged to attach herself to the army of
the Grand Duke- of Baden, and finally
complied. Her services in that terrible
conflict were such that she was deco
rated by the old Emperor William with
the Order of the Iron' Cross. No higher
mark of distinction can possibly be con
ferred by any ruler upon an individual.
"In this war' Miss Barton gained a
direct and comprehensive knowledge of
the operations of the Red Cross. She
saw with her own eyes what could be
accomplishea by -an organized force on
the battlefieid, in the hospital and in the
camp. He' ortunities were unrivaled
for contrastin the methods of the Red
Cross Society .with the imperfect -work,
great as it was, accomplished by the
Sanitary and -Christian Commissions
during the somber days between the
time when the first hostile shot was fired
and Sumter quickly fell and the happy
day for blth North and South when
General Lee surrendered his army at
Atpomattox to General Grant. She re
tti ed to America in due course deter
minned to -secure the adoption of the
Red Cross treaty by the United State
-even if it cost her her heart's blood and
every dollar-of the comfortable fortune
she possessed. This was the situation
when she came to me and told me what
had been done by others and particu
arly by Dr. Bellows, and how -e every
endeavor, no matter how .well directed,
or ow~,asiduously sustained, had end
a mtn absolute -apdunequivocal failure,
anad invited miny o-operatibo.
GOVERNMENT ADOPTS RED
CROSS.
"Just' hbefn"e President Gatfield was
shot, in 8>i tr igaiane, then his secre
tary of state t.ln Miss Barton, as the
outeotme of many exhaustive discussions
betwei n therm, the musty precedents
of th sateg did not neces
p rily bi 4tip'Wy way and that be
- h o~fi
Congress. Thus the matter rested when
President Garfield died and General
Arthur succeeded hi!n. Mr. Blaine
quickly resigned and Mr. Frelinghuysen
became the secretary of state. President
Arthur told Miss Barton that anything
she felt moderately sure his predecessor
wculd have done if spared, he would
do, and he kept his promise. In his first
message he devoted a paragraph to the
Geneva Treaty, urging its ratification by
the Senate. His action resulted in such
ratification by the Senate on March I,
I882.
MISS BARTON BEARS EXPENSE.
"Up to this time Miss Barton had
paid for clerk hire, stationery, printing,
postage, conveyance, rent, fuel and light
out of her own purse, and has contin
ued to do so from the time she appeared
in Washington on her Red Cross mis
sion in 1879, through all the speeding
years. Many subscriptions, and generous
ones, too, have been made to the Ameri
can Association of the Red Cross for
the purpose of relieving specific dis
tress, at Johnstown, in the flooding val
leys of the Mississippi, in Cuba during
the war with Spain, at Galveston, and
elsewhere, but that money has been
spent for relief purposes, pure and sim
ple. The expense of maintaining the or
ganization fro mthe beginning to the
present time has been paid almost whol
ly out of the private means of its presi
dent. The prevailing opinion is that the
Rer Cross is supported by the govern
ment and that it has no need of money
for the extension of its organization and
the expansion of its usefulness.
"The fact is that the Red Cross, the
world over, is supported by the people
and its office is to serve the government
in times of war by caring for those
vho fall in battle or are overtaken by
disease on the field.
"But all of the contributions referred
to were spent for relief, and the very
life and 'continued existence of the Red
Cross, as an institution at once grand
and effective, have been dependent upon
the moderate income of one woman. No
man competent to fill her position, even
inadequately, would undertake her du
ties on a salary of $Io,ooo per annum,
and I know of many whose duties are,
less onerous than hers have been who'4
are. paid $25,ooo per annum and up
ward.1
'B'EGINNING OF TROUBLE.
"It is unnecessary to say that at the
present time all is not entire harmony,
within the Red Cross organization. A
recent letter written by Mr. Cortelyou 0
has apprised the country of this. But :
that this letter was written under an i
entire misapprehension of the facts is!
quite apparent. I
"In the month of September, igoo, I <
was in Washington and the Associated i
Press reported on or about the loth of i
that month that there was trouble in I
Galveston. I saw Miss Barton at Glen <
Echo and though she was suffering
from a cold she was preparing to start i
for Texas. On her arrival in Galveston !
a report was immediately telegraphed
north that she was seriously ill, coupled
with an intimation that her career was
ended, which with characteristic prompt
ness and vigor she emphatically fe
sisted, and the person who is thought to
have originated that report for ulterior
purposes lost no time in returning5to a
Washington, leaving Miss Barton to t
her own devices. She remained person
ally in Galveston from early in Sep
tember until the middle of November L
and her field agents until March.
FALSE REPORTS OF DECADENCE c
"But in the face of the above it has '
continued to be asserted that Miss Bar.- f
Cing Solomon had a thousand wives
z And when he staid out late
.. To face a thousand mothers-in-law
S W as his unhappy fate.
t after frequent trouble, _ _
Hegot the idea right-
*T _ just Takoima Biscuit
Awd erythin gw t. l
gJyE U
i ton is in her decadence, whereas ie
1 truth is that she is stronger, abler, clear
er and more far-sighted, more enocomi
Scal of her strength and better fittec to
t make a fight against disease than any
woman twenty-five years her junior.
She has been ready and willing for more
than ten years to husband her constant
ly depleting income by surrendering the
Red Cross into competent hands, but no
one has yet appeared, excepting an oc
c;isional poseur, who would have any
thing to do with its management, while
every ambitious man and woman who
thought the presidency of the Red Cross
might help them socially, in Europe as
well as here, has vonished as the mist
of the morning upon learning that the
presidency of the Red Cross carries
with it a penalty in the shape of cash
which has to be provided for its main
tenance and extension. The only point
involved in the matter is that having
created the Red Cross in America by
her own money, Miss Barton naturally
reveres the product of her Jforts and
objects to making a disposition of the
organization that might result in its dis
memberment and eventual dissolution.
Whenever the proper person, man or
woman, or an aggregation of them in
the shape of a committee, come forward
with the ability to take up the work and
preserve the autonomy of what she has
brought forth, she will retire gracefully
and with a grateful heart. She feels that
she owes it to the people, to the gov
ernment, to the numberless Red Cross
societies in other lands and, more than
all, to herself, to conserve what she has
brought into being and to take no step
that does not contemplate the safety and
further development of her beneficent
undertaking. This has been her attitude
of mind since as early as 1893, and she
expressed herself clearly and with ab
solute truth when she spoke at the an
nual meeting of the members of the
Red Cross, held at the Arlington hotel
in Washington on July Io, I9oo.
PRESIDENT'S LETTER- WOUNDS
HER.
"The letter that the President caused
Mr. Cortelyou to write to Miss Barton
has wounded her more than she could
have been hurt by the flying fragments
of a shell, and both she and her friends
are at a loss to understand how he could
have been led to do this when even a
cursory glance at- the .-.are dsject
would have convinced him that the mat
ter admitted of no controversy whatso
ever. To those familiar with Red Cross
history it is most obvious that as surely
as somebody blundered when into the
Valley of Death rode the six hundred,
just so surely .was someone laboring
under a gross misconception of Red
Cross affairs when the President was
informed concerning them, and believ- 1
ing in his courage and high sense of 1
honor, the friends of the Red Cross and
of Miss Barton fell assured that he will
amend his action as soon as the read
issues in the case are brought to his
notice.
"Referring to the memorial to Con
gress on. the contents of which Pr4si
dent Roosevelt based his refusal to serve
on the board of consultation of the Red
Cross or to allow the members of his
cabinet to serve, it will be seen that he
was misinformed as to what was done
and the manner in which it was done at
the Red Cross annual meeting on De
cember 9, 1902. It is greatly to be re
gretted that such action should have I
been taken by the President without
giving a hearing to the majority of the I
organization, or to Miss Barton herself.
There is nothing new or strange in the
fact.that there should be differences of
opinion as to the management ra such
an organi;ation-very few escape inter
nal conflicts: but it is gec:ierallv inder
stood that the :ajirity ,f the mnember,
a.re entitled to contrrl :r lea t t,
consideration. It i c.pet i:,llv ,-~niltcant
that the minority 0ho!ld have Ibeen
heard without notice to the majority,
and the it .ould have ttoceeded fi
mediately to out the correspondence.
without even waiting for the formal re
ply from Miss Barton, in the *)rni of a
memori4 t0o ongress to "e printed as
an executive document, and *termty
made subject "e wide-spread distrita
tion,gander the official irankl and appat
ent authority of Congress., and tlhat its
distribution should have seen so wid@'
made, both in fihe sWnited States an!
abroad, reflecting, most unjustly. epon
the fair name *~ the organization and
its president.
BRANDS WIEMOR9,L AS !ALSE.
"Were lte statements made in that
letter wholly due, or did they iaclude
all of the facts bearing upon it, Alic4
are necessary to a fair judgment of the
subject, it would hive teen, in a meas
ure, excusable.
"Regarding tie claim tia? ahanges
were made, in severa linstances, byi
sort of trap laid by Francis Atwate`
there is absolutely nothing in that.
There was nothing irregular in the re
quest made by him for proxies. He was
entirely within his rights. Not one-half
of the proxies were returned to his
hands o rsubject to his' discretion, 'but
the signers sent theni to several of the
persons who were present, to use in ac
cordance with their judgment. While
there were seven states represented by
members actually present, the entire list
of signrs to the memorial, with one ex
ception, are residents of Washington,
D. C. In every act of record, including
all to which exceptions are taken, there
was a clear majority of those actually
present recorded in the affirmative. The
motion to postpone action upon the by
laws. one year, as made by Hon. John
W. Foster, was only voted upon by
those present, without the use of prox
ies, and was defeated by a vote of sev
enteen to sixteen. There were some
prsent who realized that delay was
equivalent to the death of the organiza
tion, and voted accordingly. The by-laws
were not adopted as stated in the me
tmorial by a vote of 89 to 13, of which 7i
were proxies. A clear majority of those
present voted affirmatively by roll call.
"It is true that the by-laws as adopted
were not submitted to the members of
the executive committee, nor was there
any necessity that they should be prior
to the meeting. At the time of sending
out proxies and the request made for
their signing but slight changes had
been suggested, and Hon. Richard O1
ney, counsellor of the Red Cross, had
been advised of those. Other and more
radical changes were suggested after
ward. They were not considered by a
self-constituted committee, but by per
haps a dozen different members, who
had thei right to consider them. No one
of them is responsible for the changes,
but it was generally determined that
they should be presented for adoption
as they were finally read in the meeting.
"'In providing that the officers shall be
elected annually, except The president,
who may be elected for life, it was clear
ly the thought to recognize Miss Barton,
as all the world has recognized her, as
peculiarly the embodiment of the Red
Cross idea and principles, and whose
life work fairly entitles her to such re
cognition.
(Continued onL fourth page )