FOLLOWS BELLAMY'S PLAN.
o nll " (omn'-!tiy on Soelallatic
Linen In New Hampshire.
iN m \ NII July 2. Many men
1:aV :i ; tp, "i :'g goest,
't tº,; - i. on', of the
t11 . t!:t 1, t' th l ' w b m oving.
l;. " t r I of tiw \, orbll. \a tla y
ta o fay IIi b' s. llne fol
xi a.n Itvi'~iI. mothr the
' '' r!1 - .r tlA 'lisi of Itud
(la. 'i'Thn Ii' 'of ' orLi II. «Webster
ý'f :i" lplaý~ ..L king liaekwardi,"
I a I it'' at -4 i l'afl tia work, and
Mu'r. Vi il'..ýt trl'"`';~'i to praciticei as4
wR ll i t s ht: '.' l" i th o trim - therein
cop to itn' M r 1l':' tr knl.,% his Bi
ble thoronal:' it II e~nover-a1tion tems
R Ith in ' 1 t trrtur this famous
v 1i1n . -i-t 1; 4i 1i is ht-irt :tul soul
w ilt i,, tl n'"t, :iianutedi by lBellamy
aol is fir;IV ''on''inte l that in timle
tLev \]It I~' f. '!fowe t' by all mankind.
So titrly dvin"- tI billieve this that he
ptiq'4op'li to *i a pioneer in the work of
p rt' ' i llyi -f;' siling the faith. lie thas
ret rut from huuI;int'ss and Intends
fo".11bn1 lntar h'ri a cotnlumunis-tic set
thienl'tt on t o hasis of the Itiallmly
view t', carr"'ing out to the uttermost
the altruistic' tiaihings of the author
of "Looking P.iekward."
It i. two years now since Mr. Web
ster soul out his business, and ever
since then he has been maturing plans
for the settleinwt. A Massachusetts
committee took the matter up wi en he
.first announceul his idea, and months
were spent looking over a number of
farms in the Bay State, but something
or other always came up to prevent the
consummation of a deal. Finally, how
ever, a farm at Merrimac, on the banks
of the Skowhegan river, was purchas
ed, and Mr. Webster then began to an
swer hundreds of letters which had
come to him as a result of the first an
nouncement of his project. Hle began,
too, to draw up a code of laws which
should cover the objects of the colony
.and regulate its life.
So far everything is in embryo, but
Mr. Webster is convinced that in time
the community will make itself felt in
the world. According to him, the colo
nists will have no use for money, as la
bor checks, good at the colony store,
will suffiee for the needs of the people.
The colony will be incorporated under
the laws of New Hampshire, and each
member of the community will own
one share of stock, his holdings being
strictly limited to this one share. The
articles of agreement drawn up by Mr.
Webster provide for the election of a
trustee by the stockholders. In the
name of this trustee will all property be
purchased, and through him will all
business be transacted.
Mr. Webster in his answers to the
malny letters of Inquiry regarding the
1r..
muons a. wausamBL
-eheme has been at great care to ex
plaln fully the plans and purposes of
"the eolomy. Inquirers are told that ev
er Intending colonist will be charged
*a fee of $300. the money to go toward
building the community's houses. Ev
-erbody is welcome, be says. with the
of ministers and lawyers.
Oft can come if they are willing to go
le fer manual labor. but he declares the
colemy will have no use for them as
professional men. He rids that while
bbshe no objection to men worshiping
God necording to the dictates of their
esseleece the colonists will have to do
their worshiping outside the communi
ty. Lawyers, he declares, would only
be drones in the Bellamy hlve.
Schoolteachers. however, will and a
bemrty welcome, according to Mr. Web
ster, especlally those who can teach ac
cording to Bellamy. They would be ex
pected to give the children training in
the principles )f the brotherhood of
man. bAys the founder of this New
flampehire community:
"Too many lies are taught to children
oew, I think. In our school we would
have nothing of the Santa Claus or any
other myth, but much of the underlying
socia!istic Idea on which the colony is
run."
Doctors will also be cordially greeted
and women capable of nursing the sick.
But it ls to the man able to work with
his hands that the heartiest welcome
will be extended, for the underlying
Msa of the colony Is the glorilcation of
smanual labor.
Uverythbag that will be used by the
eesasunity the colon.',ts thdmselves are
expected to produce In time. The first
industry r, be established will be a
iuwmiL !hr which there is excellent
water pewer on the farm. The found
e's Idea Is to have his people become
suit supporting in every sense of the
word, sad from the small beginning of
the uswmll he expects to see great in
lial progress. Farming will be car
lied on om a large sealse.
Thus Mr. Webstar peoders and plans,
smdeavoriag to anticipate every emer
seyte that may aryie in the colony, to
Eesme every objection that may be
Saigatst his pet Idea, and all the
be y cherlsah ap belief thbt
atti Seek, but
I TRAFFIC
PROSPECTIVE REVIVAL OF STEAM
BOATING ON THE GREAT RIVER.
Fnther of T~aterm and Tributarien
aIu, Agauin Be trteries of Connmmer
ciaI ActI vity - Re-minsrenrem of
One FamIliar W ilh Early Scene.
Ip ! .rr. pzi' ner ]
Qý NCY. III,.. . 1 2:..- There is talk
tl.at the buillirsg of the Nicaraguna or
another isthmian canal, the conversion
of the (ChIcago drainage canal into a
shiip ennal and other contributing
causes are going to revive the river Itraf
tic on the Mississippi and its tributa
ri's. Welcome the day when on the
!,,oom of the great Father of Waters
tiere will be witnessed again the busy
Ocenes that the old timers in the river
towns recall with expressions on their
homely faces that no other recollec
tions can induce.
In most of the magazines and syntd
cato stories where this subject is treat
TYPICAL MISSISSIPPI RIVER PACKET.
ed little is said about any other part of
the great river than that which lies be
tween St. Louis and Pittsburg on the
north and New Orleans on the south
the lower Mississippi and the Ohio.
The old residenters in the towns on the
banks of the upper Mississippi and the
Missouri. as far north a' St. Paul on
the former and Yankton on the latter,
resent this neglect of what to them
and to many other lovers of the pictur
esque past were the halcyon fields of
old time steamboatdom.
The country tributary to the Missouri
was still comparatively unsettled when
steamboating was at Its zenith, and the
Missouri's turbid waters never knew
the extent of their loss when the rail
ways rushed across the land and goh
bled up the traffic that theretofore had
been dependent upon boating, but nev
ertheless the writer has looked upon
busy scenes at landings along the Big
Muddy where now the frelghtboat
rarely touches and the passenger steam
er never. Council Bluffs, Jefferson
City. Leavenworth and St Joe are now
tied to the rest of the world by Iron
bands, and the long, deep whistle of
the high pressure stern wheeler Is only
a memory. Kansas City in those days
was only a bank of red mud and a
score of rollint hills.
But the upper Misslasipg the beauti
!ul, winding, broad rlbWn of pure,
sweet water, with high banks covered
with refulgent forests and beaches dot
ted here and there by cities and towns,
@ It the Invasion of the railways that
parallel It on both sides In many in
stances was a terrible blow. There are
old river rats In this town and at other
points on the river who will tell you in
til seriousness that the grand old
stream shrunk back In dismay at the
Irst unearthly shrieking of the Invad
ng robber locomotive and. that it bas
sever been so broad, so clear and so
.heerful since. Of course the twentieth
.entury business man smiles at this bit
of sentiment and ships his goods and
sakes passage to St. Louis by raiL
Lhere are those among the thinking
malness men who say that steamboat
ng need not have been so hard hit by
be railways. They express the opinion
bat the boatmen gave up too easily,
at much could have been saved had
more spirit and enterprise beea shown,
tad among men of this kind I fnd con
siderable enthusiasm over the prospect
if a revival of steamboating. They say
hat there will be captial In abundance
mnd enterprise behind the industry
when it is rejuvenated, that modern
masness methods will occupy the places
that old fogyism and good fellowship
held In the old days and that while
there will not be so much that is pic
turesque there will be stability.
So the busy, bustling days may come
again, when the wharfs at Burlington,
Quincy; Keokuk. Hannibal, Louisiana,
Alton and a score or more of other
towns between St. Paul and St. Louis
will be piled high with goods awaiting
the arrival of the freight steamer, and
men, women and children in holiday at
tire will trip gayly up the gangplanks
of magnificent passenger boats. But
Gilgal and its somber old warehouse
mre gone, lost, as is the key to the mys
tery of which John Hay wrote about
the old landing, and the once familiar
whistles of the Lucy Bertram, the Tom
Jasper and the Mo1y McPlke are si
lenced forever, and the grizzly old rheu
matic wharf rat refuses to be consoled
by promises of revived, modernized
staamboating. Rat Bucma ta.
h. Wasme eOkahoma.
Colonel Richard T. Vanz Horn says
that the name Oklahoma was first ap
plied to the territory in a public docu
ment la the bill which he Introduced in
congress Ia 180i for the consolidation
of the Indian tribes and the organiza
tine of a government for Indian Terri
tory. The name was suggested by
Colonel Elsas & Beudihot, the noted
Cherokee, who qxplained to the con
gressluqal eomiittee is charge of the
) ralto that "Oklahoma" meant
' t Lsadm" er l gsh mtuwd
LONDON WORKING WOMEN.
They Are Both 4ttrnctiie and Well
Bred.
'I'l( prrttit",. r,:iit gra cful wolmen
in L.4 n oIin art its wort int girls. Their
retined m1n: oom:.nd l4t Osi :l 1Oi.
even tou1 tI.ef lusislace tlwlr h's
and s:a 1;dv wN 1 1 they moan lady.
are a il-an eontrast to the voice
and manner of itine of the girls in
their walk of life in ta. I titd 1 Stamts.
Tie sholtgirls are slind- r :on( delicate
looking, far too ucnih so. and pale. as
if thiy did not got etnougli of red blood
nfikitin food. They do not. Thousands
(if the loti I c: ltg-tv on tireat anut tea.
In a handsoni lodginz house in which
I was for a time the naaii was a very
pretty girl. In the morning she went
about in a neat cotton wash dress do
ing the rooms. In the afiternoon she
appeariwl in a black woolen dress,
starched white npron and uttis, with a
tiny cap upon her dark lair. Yet she
I.,oked white and not strong. Her
wages were 73 cents a week. It was
regularly expected by her mistress that
she would receive 25 cents a week more
In gratuities from the lodgers, and
thus she clothed herself and otherwise
lived, heaven knows how. One dtay
she confided to me that she vas going
to leave the place, although her mis
tress was fond of her. The reason was
she did not get enough to eat. Her
food was bread and tea, with a little
oatmeal porridge in the morning, year
in and year out. Sometimes on Sun
days and holidays she had a taste of
meat and pudding, not too often or too
much.
To prove the working women of Lon
don are prettier than the ladies one has
only to visit Hyde park in the season
when the families of millionaire busi
ness men, of nobility-yea, of royalty
itself-are out for an airing. They
drive around and around Hyde park on
dress parade, a panorama of beautiful
horses, clumsy though costly carriages
and a set of women so plain that you
think Providence was very kind to
them in making them rich. If the Lon
don shopgirls could change places with
the carriage ladies, then the Hyde park
dress parade would be worth seeing.
The great army of wage earning wo
men in London outside of domestic
servants consists largely of shopgirls,
those who in the United States eupho
niously describe themselves as "sales
ladies." Many of the great English de
partment stores have at the top of their
establishment lodging rooms for the
saleswomen, and there on the premises
they are kept and boarded. It is a sys
1r `
M~rfr NUUas
tem at which the Independent Ameri
can girl would rebel owing to the lack
of liberty, but the shop proprietors of
London believe they can get the most
out of the women in that way. Their
wages are smaller than saleswomen re
ceive in America. Then come the sew
ing women and the restaurant and
bakeshop waitresses. In London as in
America girl waitresses are takinc the
place of the hawk eyed masculine des
pot who stands behind your chair
watching every mouthful you eat.
London is trailed across with a chain
of restaurants established by various
baking companies. These supply whole
some and simple food and employ nice
looking girl waiters. The sign is dis
played, "No Fees Allowed." At the
pay desk, however, like a charity con
tribution box, is a receptacle with a
slot, and above it is the inscription,
"The Contents of This Box Are Equal
ly Divided Among the Employees."
The patron of the shop is not exactly;
comfortable in his mind unless he con
tributes something for the pale, grace
ful girls, who are wretchedly paid from
the American standpoint.
Girl stenographers are not very com
mon, it not being thought that the frag
ile feminine brain can compass the
shorthand. Feminine hotel clerks and
cashiers are, however, more frequent
than in America, and there are thou
sands of women in the branch post
offices.
The best fed looking and most at
tractive appearing of all the women
workers of London are the nurses in
their pretty uniforms. These consist
of dress, cloak and bonnet all off the
same piece-black, blue, brown or gray.
The bonnet is a neat Imitation of a
widow's cap, and the veil, thrown back
always, matches the color of the gown.
These fair women are one of the pleas
antest features of London streets.
ALEXANDRA COSMO.
Peach Ice Cream.
Beat the yolks of six eggs with three
cups of sugar, add by degrees one quart
of scalding milk, then the whites of the
eggs, betten to a froth. Pour the mix
ture Into a stewpan and cook until
thick and smooth, stirring all the time.
When perfectly cold, add one quart of
cream, freeze five minutes, then add
one plat of peaches cut dae sad freewe
here.
A WONDERFUL COFFIN.
Remnnrkable itReprodetilon of an An
- lent 5urephmngus.
Lvoe:v l:iW r1ii f 11iii Itheviioi'l hearS
of thl ri"t h g nit: oftli It y aii i'lnt' of
P(ine.( unewia1t t((-::l (r (of the di o~very
of -((w( lonii burl';d city :111( of flu va
ri(,tl, rel(ý"i r 0110 gruat :larco(phat i, or
(((ttilia , to pl ttter'y allt1 (il1t bIjii tS of
(1:1lH 11,4 ((r aolornnownt. which are thus
broun ht to li 11t to becovnw( the puff(.
of riet i rt: I t u ie tilt its tmi. llt''ricnitt IItu
soiulll- .tii st tt Ii:t u lly hi i ol tent Ili it al
reilirod tions (f ttwse tre i ti . s (
thati it ill('e nttri wiorthy of Hoota that
the Iftuous Snlisrntt of Fini Arts hiis
r'cc' tly fitui d iti it, 1 olle4r tions a re
prottutioe of ona of iltSo famous nrii.
inals o laich -in oneo r0.fpect, at l('ast
till proaatly bii (4)ii 10 in time more val
uae l r iitan tle original itself.
This unique ltquisition is a copy of
the famous Sirtu n saree frhiuss which
was found ti'ic 14 years ago in the
ctourse of excavrtiitis on thr site off
tiuton, the t tpiral city of ancient 'hes
niciar sitiatld between fuolnt Ledaneln
I and the Mediterrctan. It ornt isrn
the Turkish mutseumi at Constantinople.
It 'was at first supposed to te the very
cofi'n that Alexander t'h Great had
brought from Greece for his own buri
alt rut this is no longer believed, al
though thers are a uthtntia portraits of
tth great ttuar.Tror In each of the six
carved and heautifully colored panels
with which it is decorated. Moreover,
1it represents the work of the (;reeks
when tlhir famtous sculpture was al
most at its best, and it has helped to
prove the modern theory that the preek
asculptors made habitual use of color on
their statuary. The color of the ridon
sareophagus, however, unless It proves
Ian exception to all othes examples of
Greek statuary that have come down to
us, is bound to fade despite every pre
caution-is already beginning to do so,
indeed-while the color of the Amert
can reproduction, which was painted
lwith the utmost exactness by Mr. Jo
Sseph Lindon Smith for the Boston mu
scum by special permission of the sul
tan, is practically imperishable.
Mr. Smith made a painting of the two
larger sides of the sarcophagus, each
full size. The first represents a battle
presumably between the Greeks and
Persians and the second a hunting
scene in which Alexander the Great,
who, as has been said, figures in all the
decorations of the original. Is an easily
recognizable figure and in which anoth
er important character is supposed to
be Darius, the great Persian general.
These two canvases, placed back to
back and some little distance apart,
have been skillfully framed in a repro
duction of the carved marble that sur
rounds the sculptured and painted pan
els of the original, so that the visitor
approaching from eitherdirection seems
to see not a painting, but a real part of
the great sarcophagus Itself. In a few
years, as the freshness of the 'riginal
fades away, it is expected that these
lifelike copies will become an Impor
tant object of study for archaologists
from all over the world.
The Mad King Otte.
According to reports from Munich,
the condition of the insane King Otto,
who pme days ago cetibasted'his fifty
third'birthd~iy, has agitn become lomi
what critical, the rinal dilease from
which he suffers making all the more
rapid progress as the unhappy mo
arch, who is exceedingly strong, will
not let himself be examined or treated.
As he cannot be Induced to take the
necessary diet and baths which would
Increase the activity of the heart, ef
forts are made to introduce secretly
Into his food medicaments to prevent
chronic Inflammation of the arteries
and dropsy. Sometimes, in order to
rouse him, he is allowed to see persons
whom be once knew and whose fea
tures he remembers from his boyhood.
These he at once recognizes, calling
them by their names.
If his physicians want him to do any
thing, they have to resort to strategy,
for if he can be made to believe that he
can outwit his doctors and make fools
of them he does what is wanted. In
order to get him into the carriage to
take a drive the following maneuver
Is resorted to: The carriage drives up
to the gate of the garden and is appar
ently left alone there. As soon as the
king thinks he is not watched he jumps
Into the carriage and calls for the
coachman without being in the least
astonished at seeing his doctor follow
him into it.
John Learns Fast.
About a year ago the Hawaiian gov
ernment undertook to burn up some
plague infected buildings and in so do
ing set fire to the local Chinatown, thus
sowing the seed of a crop of claims
now nearly ready for harvesting. A
million and a half was appropriated to
meet them, but they already exceed
$5,000,000 and are still coming in. It
is a new role for John Chinaman to ap
pear in, but as a debutant it is not to
be denied that he shows considerable
talent.
Hat Fishaing.
Philadelphia owns up to a regular
business in hat fishing during the ex
cursion season. Etery evening sun
burned men and boys come up from the
water front of the city laden with
straw hats, felt hats, silk hats, caps
and bonnets. Most of these articles of
headgear are in a condition to be read
ily sold to secondhand dealers, having
been rescued soon after being blown
overboard from the excursion boats.
Morelli Still 1. Harness.
The awakening of Italian art is said
to be due to Domenica Morelli. He
was the founder of a new school which
has made giant strides since he initiat
ed It. His name means the progress
and glory of art of the present period.
Even now, though old and suffering, he
still has strength between one attack
sad the other to seek comfort and re
lin lwork,
Schedule
of Trains.
No.3. No. I. STATIONS. No. d. No. 4.
11 34 PM Lv CHICAGO Ar. 6 ,5 AM
3 30AM ' Danville 2 35 AM
2 23 PM Ar THEBES Lv. 3 45 PM
8 00 AN PM Lv ST. LOUIS Ar. 7700A4 7 15 PM
12 01PM 11f5 SPM Bismarck...... 400 -(4 10A
3 40 335AM " Delta 1215AM 12 12PM
50 5 08 " Dexter 1050 PM 10 54 AM
5 46PM 5 50 AM Ar -MALDEN .Lv. 101 PM 1015 AM
2 45 PM Lv CAIRO Ar. 1 30 PM
5 5 Ar New Madrid Lv. 1015AM
5 1 Lv New Madrid Ar. 11 50
5 45 PM Ar ._MALDEN Lv. . 1015 A
633M 6OSAMAr CAMPBELL Lv. 9PM 94503
53" 6 33" " Piggott " 920 "
7 12 " 6 58 " . Rector "8 56
7 50 7 40 " ". Paragould . " 8 12
50 8 45AM " ... Jonesboro 727 PM 730
35PM Lv . Weiner 6r _ _ 630 AM
8 3 P 850AMLv .-..MEMPHIS.... Alr.; 7 PM 750 AM
1 05 11 15 AM " .. Fair Oaks ak 5 " 5 15
11 54 PM 12 PM " .. Brinkley 410" 424
12 25 AM 12 " Ar .. Clarendon Lv. 39 " 353 "
1 05 11 " . . Stuttgart *' 2 " 3 05
1 55" 207 " " Altheimer " 2 " 217
2 40 300 " . Pine Bluff " 11" 1 35 "
3 26 " 4" " .Bison " 12 12 50 "
3 46" 4 Kingsland " 12 PM 12 31"
4 01 42" Fordyce " 11 40 AM 1213AM
5 09 ' Camden " 10 35 " 15 PM
6 2z " " McNeil . " 920 " 4 "
7 03 " 6 '" 8tamp. . . . 8 45 "
7 14 AM 7 33PM Ar. Lewiaville Lv. 8.32AM PM
1130AM ... Ar ..Shreveport Lv. 445PM
4__ 445PM Lv . ... Shreveport Ar. 1 11 30 AM
0040 AM 50 PM Ar .. .Texarkana. Lv. 7 20 AM 735PM
PM 2 4 AM " .. Greenville ...... 115 AM 1 517 PM
" Sherman " 11200A
S " 5 45 " ." Dallas . 10 10 PM 10 45"
625 " " Fort Worth . 95 PM 955 AM
T 2 35 " " . -Tyler......... " 1 AM 1 20 P
5 530 '" Corsicana . " 10 PM oloAM
7 7 55 AM Ar WACO.. Lv. $ PM 7550A
THEL SERVICE.
T, alas Nos. s and 3.-ChaIr Csr between Fair Oaks and St. Louis' Pullman
Sleeper between Waco and St. Louis; Chair Car between Waco and
Memphis and between Fort Worth and Memphis and between Texarkana
and Dallas; Parlor Cate Car between Texarkana and Memphis; Pullman 4
Sleepers between Texarkana and Dallas and Fort Worth.
Trains Nos. 3 and 4.-Through Chair Car between Fort Worth and Chicago;
Chair Car between Dallas and Memphis; Pullman Sleeper between Texarkana
and Met' 'his; Parlor Cale Carbetween Texarkana and Waco.
F. I. BRITTON, V.?.0a0d 6.E., A.L DGGG.T.L,, LW.LaSEAUE,..P.uadT.A.,
ST. LOUIS. MO.
fIN Ut SIEILL StWMEE
V.
1 . RU
ARE YOU GOING
NORTH, EAST SOUTH. WEST
;ROUTL. IF SO, TAKE THE
KansasiCity, Southern Ry.
Dlrect;Route to:all Folets.
Solid Vestibule Trains.
Free chair care and and Pullman Bufi*t Sleeping Care.
Clesa connection at Ltkt' Ubarlis, Besomcut, rezarkana,Potean
and Kausas tIiy with all roads. For full particulars regarding
ra es etc, apply to
G E. SVINDELI, 8.0. WtItNER,
P&TA F & S V, Gen kas Agt
Texarkans. Texas Ksusas City,
A B AVEdtY, T.cket.Agent Shreveport La
Have You Any Shoes
To be half soled or repaired bring or send them
to me and you will save 25 per cent 91n the dollar.
Men's half soles sewed, $1; nailed 75 cents; boys
half soles 50 cents; ladies, 50 cents: little misses,
40 cents. I use only the best oak sole leatherj
Fine Bools ard Shoes Made to (Mer,
L. TONNIES, 812 Texas Avenue,
t G. DREYFUS & CO.,
WBOIJ.kAL I QALER8 l14
Dry Goods, Boots, Shoes and ' Hats
,COL BPRI 4G AND;CBOCKKTTVBTRErf8.
PROMPT ATTENTION PAID T0 OONTRY ORDEER
/ý (ý ~AMAtN111; 015011 ,.o:s
A M /l' Aendrick At the session of the Pollee Jury b4
July 18, the following was adopted: That
abe ordinanoe ordering electin Ic Weal
Architect and Three for w!re fence be amended so as to
read: "That only resident real estate
S uperintendent. owners can vote at said election," and the
date for holding the same is hereby 8uizd.
Office in Waring Bldg. for August 24, 1901.
Office Telephone 2105 P P KEITH, Frasldeat. I
AL DUtIiitER, Clerk.
Resideces Telephone 1080* i July 24,1901.