ffer boctors Fail
Baton Rouge, La., Feb. 12, 1900.
Swas a sdrer or seventeen years. I had three family doctors in coisultation and they decided that mny
ah would rmin bad until I had a child. They continued to treat me for four years with no success except to
eto moey. There were two mar years with a great ure of money with no satisfactory results and we
.._don d alhope. ýý-.- cousi, Jane Jones, oB Woodvile, Miss., paid us a visit and findin my h.halth very
ad introdued Wi rul and Thefaord Black.Draght and we decided to give them a trial. My huband then
wrote fr a cop of home Treatment of Female Diseases. Alter studying its contents, I found all my complaints
outlined, wad for word, ad sent fa a bottle of Wine of Cardul and a package of Thedford's Black.Draught. After
the us of the first I found relief. I re-ordered unt' ' had used eleven bottles and found my health very
much hproved. To our surprise a baby soon ppeare .she is just as fat as a pig. Such a thing had not hap.
pened i seventeen years. I would urge ai: ladies in par health to use your medicines. They are more than you
dcm they are. I have not had any use for a docto-' dce using the first bottle of your wonderful medicine My
health Is all righ in every way. Mrs. L F. GERMANY.
WINE o CARDUI
Thit of her ausering the agonies of lemale complaints for seventeen years and the suffering ail
unnecewar. M Ge any could have been cured years ago just as well as now had she only taken
Wine of Cnrdul She need not have had those harrowing pains and grinding aches. Her experience
should induce every ufferer who reads this paper to give Wine of Cardui a trial. Instead of wasting
time and money with doctors when no benefit'is being received from them, get a bottle of tr-, great
medicine from your druggist. Wine of Cardui will annihilate those monthly pains which r .e your
life a torture and will bring you a permanent cure. Don't decide you cannot be well e,,.;, when
docors have failed. Try Wine of CarduL Al. druggists sell $1.00 bottles.
In cases requiring special direct!ons, address, giving symptoms, "The Ladies'
Advisory Department", The.Chattanoogs Medicine Ce., Chattanooga, Tenn.
5 i hbs kl'ret. YAL HICKs. Vice-PYtf W F HAkIAE, StcLy & Ti
DIRECTORS;:
i B HICKS, AIGE RICKS, F H GOSMAN, W F CBJA7E.
T H 800V3LE, G H STiEYKNBON
THE HICKS COMPANX
:.1MITE,
Wholesale Grocers
I and Cotton Factors.
O.'ice'.and Warehouse, C)rner spring and Travml
rand Texas and Commerce Streets
SLARGESTANDMOSTCOMPLETEBUGGYFACTORY oN EARTH WRITE FOR
PRICES AND
OuR oos ARE ~ .E B.T- .
OURn PRICE THE LOWST
C C HARDMAN,
-+V',letsle º.aB, ,
Lumber, Shingles, Sash,
Doors, Blinds and General House
. Finishing Goods.
FPPICE sad SALESROOMS, cor. Sprig and Crockett.
LUMBER YARD, cor. Lake and McNeil Sts. ~kreveport, La.
Henry Rose lercantil
& lanufacturing Co., Ltd.
WHOLESALE DEALERS AND MANLUPACTURERS
Proprietors of the
Shreveport Steam Bottlinrg Vorl~s.
Shreveport Steam Candy Factory.
For Fruits, Produce, Nuts and Caudles and. in fact, anythiug sold iu
a Fruit and Confectionery Store, send your orders to the above named firm
who are successors to the well known and reliable house of Henry Rose.
Yours to Serve,
Henry Rose Mer. & Mf. Co. Ltd,
HERMAN LOEB,
....DEALER IN....
Hide, Wool. Tallow. Beeswax Fnre, Etc
Commerce Street, Next to V., S. &,P. Ry., Shreveport, La.
I guarm tee to "he sellers theornt price obtaiuel in Vicksbarg, EI
Louis, New Orleans Galveston and Hoaston markets. Prompt returo.
ad0s on reeipt of Ship mentj
UP-TO DATE IN WORK AND APPLIANCEg
Bait frPlatza Etrical Co,.
k -.I^J^^^
Lee t Cooper Bimonu Loope
COOPER BROS,.
SMISSOURI LIVERY .ALE
AND FEED STABLES
C
And StoQx Lots
Crner o; Louisiana and Teias'Streets e
Sior.volort. La. Telepuone 657.
E:TSAY NOTICE
Taken up and cstrayed by Dudley KuE
banks, near Longwood, La., before the
aadersivned justlce of peyce, one sorrell
horse, 10 years old, branded K on jaw ,n
Ei L on bip, white tbird tee'. The owner
will come iorward, prive proper y ani
pay costs, or toe horse will be sold at Noea"'
store, on the e1t day o: February. 1901, as
t-rovided by law. lThis 2b'h ol Decemnotr, i
!900. WV W ELLs.l'F,
Justicn of Peace Ward Three, Cad o Par
lah, Loutisana.
ESTRAY NO FI .E.
Taken up by Clail Miller about three
miles from the courthouse, on K C S Rall
road, near the BSrubl i place. one dark Lay
mare mule, b ind in right eye, about lb
naLds high, short coupled, no marks or
:)rP.ds visible except barness m rk. Had
halter on when taken up. The owner wall
co e torward, prove property and pay
eoarges or same will be sold according to
,w on Tfbursday, Ft rruary 2', 1891.
c U H ICI( ,
City Judge. Shreveport.
'rbe C uc.'sian. Jan 20; 1101.
EST -Y NO r1TUE
Taken up by Wm M tes on the 12 h d)a
JI Januar;, 1901, and etatayed be;our me
the unuersigned au hority, one cream
speckle t-eer, 3 yeure old, marked crol
,no two split in rLtt. ear, and cro:. one
aelit in lelt ear,nu brands; also 1 black, 1-.
year-olt stee , nali ked crop and two spits
t., rght ear c.,op and one split i lelft ear,
boib Died let white, no branus.
The owner wall please come forward,
prve prop, rty r nd pay cearges or the
nannals will oe sold according to law on
SAIUR DAY, FEBRUA~R 18, ,941.
at Vivian, Li., during legal hour of a.ie.
B. F. lKArT,
Justice of the Peace of the Second Ward,
I addo Paris , Loutislna, Jan. 1s, 1901.
Janu.ry .3, 19 1
New Schedule
via.
TEXAS FArCFIC
MILWAY n
Gives you benefit of
3 Trains Daily,
TO t
F WORTH and DALLAS i
-And All
Texas Points
Incomparable Cannon Ball
service to California and
the West. Speed and com.
fort combined.
F. P. TURNER,
G. P. & T. A.,
Dallas. Texas
COMMERCI&4L
National Bank
.._..OF..OA
CAPITAl. $100.00L
5URPLUS..: :71,0M0O
-~n ..'-.r jr
He Changes the Color of Mourning
for Decorating lIuildings.
PURPLE IS SCARCE.
Princess Beatrice Will Occupy Portion
of the Osborne lHonse-Sowue of
of the Notables Who Will
Attend the Funeral.
Cowns, Jan. 30 -The king's order di
recting that the dralpry ,f the ,nildings
be purple has created no, little I uster
nation. Many buildings here and in
Inndon an other placeh-s are already
covered with black. It will cause no
end of expense to make the niece-ary
alterations In addition, the supply of
purple is already getting short.
The duke of York is suffering from
the strain of events and has been con
fined to his room since Thur.ýdav. It is
feared he will be unable to takeL part in
the ceremonies on Friay.
The outer coffin arrived here Monday.
Non-commissioned officers detailed to
carry the coffin rehearsed tdlay with a
dummy coffin filled with ,and and
weighing over half a ton.
The main wing of Osborne House is
expected to become the residen(ce of
Princess Beatrice in her capacity as
governor of the Isle of Wight. Other
parts of the house will be reserved for
the king.
Crown Prince Frederick of Denmark
is expected to arrive in Lonlon tomor
row. Prince Henry of Prussia sailed
from Kiel Monday on board the German
battleship Baden, accompanied by the
coast defense ship Hagien. Prince
George of Saxony is prevented by influ
enza from coming to the funeral, Prince
John George will take his place. Duke
Albrecht will represent the king of
Wartenburg. Crown Prince Ferdinand
of Roumania is expected Thursday
night in London. The Orleans family
will be represented by the duke of
Chartres, a younger brother of the late
count of Paris. The duke of Alencon
and count of Eu, sons of the )ate duke
of Nemours, between whom and the
late queen in 183X, Louis Phillippe tried
hard to arrange a marriage, will be in
attendance.
Kaiser's Visit to England.
Berlin, Jan. 30.-The Vorwaoerts, the
Socialist organ, prints a remarkable
story to the effect that Emperor Wil
liam's sudden departure for England
was not only due to the desire to bid
farewell to his dying grandmother, but
still more to the prince of Wale's ur
gent wish to settle a private debt affair
to the emperor before ascending the
throne. This debt, the Verwaerts as
serted, amounted- to 24,000,000 marks,
which Emperor Frederick, immediately
after beginning his reign loaned to the
prince of Wales in order to place the
latter in a position to pay accumulated
debts. The loaned money, it is further
asserted, was part of the savings
smouAiting to 56,000,000 marks left by
Emperor William I. Count Von Strol
berg, minister of the imperial house
hold, the Vorwaerts also says, vainly
opposed paying out 24,000,000 marks
and thereupon resigned. In official cir
cles here, the Vorwaert's story is char
acterized as a gigantic hoax.
Klrng Eward Returns to England.
London, Jan. 30.-King Edward ar
lived in London at 3 yesterday after
noon. A large crowd welcomed him at
the victoria station.
Charebes Going Into Polities.
St. Louis, Jan. 30.-The Evangelical
alliance, wliclf includes all churches of
lt. Louis and vicinity, with the excep
tion of the Catholic, Episcopal and Ger
man speaking churches, has inaugurated
a movement for municipal reform. The
plan is to form a permanent committee
of 50 representative men to pass upon
nominees submitted by various parties,
especially for spring election. The in
tention is to keep the movement entirely
non-partisan and non-secjarian.
Preparing for Mrs. Nation.
Arkansas City, Kas., Jan. 30.-The
report is circulated here that Mrs.Carrie
Nation will be in this city this week.
Immediately saloon keepers began mak
ing preparat ions to prevent her destroy
ing their property. Barricades,- ready
to be put in place at a moments notice,
have been constructed and sentries have
been placed to give warning of her ap
eroach.
iOlbson Pleads Guilty.
Jackson, Miss.. Jan 30 -In the cir
cuit court here C ontractor (;Gibon of In
diana, on trial for alleged attempt to
bribe Governor Linzino in the joitter
of the capitol contracts, withdrew his
plea of not guilty and entered a plea of
guilty. By agreemenit with the prose
cution he accepts a finr of $loiJ0 and
costs and the court set aside the forfeit
are of his $5000 bond.
Pan Amerlean Athletic Contests.
New York Jan 30 -The Athletic
contests at the Pan Ann-rican exposition
will be second to none ev,-r held in
America or Europe. They will con
tinue for six months and will be open to
the world and be held in one of the
most spacious and magnifictnt halls
ever erected.
Negro Contributes to Reunion.
Memphis, Jan. 30.-Robert R Church.
a wealthy Memphis negro, has con
tributed $1000 to Confedd-rate reunion
fund, It is the second largest individual
subscription yet received.
Only Private Papers I)estroyed.
New York, Jan '0.--On Jan 19 a
New York paper printed a special di
patch from Washington whirh said that
more than 80,000 pension claims in the
oflb of Milo B Stevens & Co., had
nmdlneeby Sie. Tmat
MEXICAN BUSINESS WAYS.
Some Experiences of Amerleans I3
Dealing With the Natives.
"The visitor to Mexico encounters
m:anyl strange sights and curious customs
,I nr~tiinds of ding business," said an
.1ltri: nil litiness tini . ".A great deal
,f mining andi agricoultural machinery has
Ibeenu Irught into .Mexico. and tllh Mexi
cat i.irincherr, if not instructed in han
. tlin. thll ine t\\f;lllg farm riiachirt ery, is !
a,uletr n.e- at a loss to get things at.work.
Ti'hc lo-s of a screw, a nut or bolt siome
tiu,-s completely blocks all his cfforts
to get things in motion. Not long ago I
wentt iout with a gentletinr fr,,ol the
states on a trip through the country sell
inlg plows and during our travels in the
state of .Michoanan stopped at a very
Slarge hacilnda. The owner was very po
lite land kind, but when it came to the
p jint of buying a plow he did not seem
to be A, the humor to trade. He said:
S"'Why, I have bought several different
0 kinds of tools and implements from the
y states, but must confess I have had bad
luck with them. Not long ago I received
a mowing machine from a well known
manufac-tory, and it won't work, and I
nam getting tired of being swindled.'
I "\VW thought it very queer that a new
rmachinie would not work and rquested
thvt he get it out and let us look it over,
a uhirch of course he gladly did. We look
ed it all over very carefully and could see
nothing wrong with it, so had some of
the farm laborers take hold and haul it
around the yard, the owner in the mean
a time following along with us and very
d much intere.td in the proceedings. After
satisfying myself that everything was it
,good working order I reached over and
threw the knives into gear, and she
f wor-ked like a charm. You should have
s seen the look of astonishment on that
r anchero's face. He could not believe
hiJ eyes and felt pretty cheap when he
saw what the difficulty hfd been with
thel mowing machine. They did not
k know enough to throw it into gear. This
~. ill explain why a good deal of trouble is
had in this country in selling improved
machinery.
n "A good deal of comment has been
a made on the native methods of doing
e business. A friend of mine wanted to
buy a certain grade of native made wax
' matches. One day he came across a
te stand where an old woman had the iden
:e tical kind he was looking for. She had
some two dozen boxes, and he insisted
d upon buying them alL But evidently she
did not understand dealing in a wholesale
Y way and would not consent to dispose of
.y more than three boxes at a time, which
)f he very reluctantly was compelled to
te take. After walking away a few steps
he decided that the opportunity might
in not occur again to get those matches, and
Slhe returned and bought three more box
le es. and when he found that the retail
*d plan of selling prevailed he kept march
in ing back and forth, and every time he
passed the old woman's stand he bought
tl "ee more boxes until he had the whole
two dozen.
le "Last year I spent several months in a
le small town in the state of Guerrero and,
having some stock to feed, decided to buy
il- enough-coin to last me two or three
id months. St visiting the market place on
id the next Sunday I looked up a native
at who was selling a sackful of corn by the
quart or small measure used by them. I
.r' inquired the price of a carga of corn,
ir which was $5, and asked him how much
me ore he had at home for sale. He told
s- me he had 15 cargas and would sell it all.
I decided that this was just the opportu
nity I was looking for and told him I
ly would take the whole lot If he would de
ie liver it the coming week. The native
he proceeded to scratch his head and look
¶ me over and hem and haw, and finally he
er decided that lie could not sell. To the
unitiated not familiar with the Mexican's
s way of doing business this might seem
y strange. I pressed him for his reason.
.1- "'Well, I'll tell you,' he said. 'I raise
3e- nothing but corn, one crop each year.
ly Now, if I sell this corn all at once I will
ks be sure to spend the money, but If I sell
ir- a little at a time I will have money every
º. wet k until the new crop.' And accord
inn: to his business views he was right,
and , e did not trade."-New York Sun.
They Were Ready to Die.
'President Martin of Peking university
says in The Sunday School Times: "Dur
ing the first stage of the siege I noticed a
handsome young woman, one of the
guests from abroad, sitting for her por
trait, while the artist, Miss Payen, with
untrembling hand transferred her pleas
ing features to canvas. I wondered at
the composure of both. Nor was my as
tonishment diminished w en in the even
ing I overheard that sameyoung woman
saying to Captain Myers, 'Now, remem
ber, should they overpower na, your first
duty will be to shoot me.'
"Another woman, the mother of a fam
ily, displayed equal nerve. Her husband
had given her a revolver with the injunc
tion in the case supposed first to 'shoot
her daughters and then to shoot herself
if he should not be at hand to relieve her
of that painful duty. Both he and she
were good Christians, and it is believed
that similar arrangements were made in
the ease of every woman within the lega
tion. In our circumstances there was no
time for casuistry."
A Preofane Village.
The Listener of the Boston Transerlpt,
who recently visited a Vermont villagq,
gives his impressions of it thus: "All the
men of the village--and, for that nmtter,
all the boys, too-swore almost Incessant
ly in their conversation. The profanity
seemed to be instinctive, commonplace,
- even necessary. It had long since,
through invariable use, lost all its fbrce
r for purposes of emphasis. Oaths had be
come ar inseparable part of everyday
and simple speech. If one citizen asks
another at what labor he is going to put
in the next day, neither the question nor
the answer can be expressed without pro
fanity. This is perhaps outdoing the
forefathers and may be counted a sign of
degeneracy. So may the fact that the
neat little church in the town is without
o a minister and seldom sees any other
a services than those at funerals. There is
a locally no interest in the establishment of
religious services."
HUM PH REYS'
A.A A. U.U, el,
Co'sPst"Per. leler. wMilk
B. . uSPRAS.sS.Lmes.e. es
co Rheamasm.
C. C. SORE THROAT ley. pret
WORMS. Dee., Greb..
G.G. Preveq MII.CARRIA.L.
.IU.RaI T * DLAD. I DtIIS& R"I "
LE ~3-W~etWWARWHA SIWe
II) ·~·~ cs~C~qw)k *6~r
Pep in ChiIl To
I s eTest*Iesw .sad 8rem sed to Cne ChiMs mad
Fever mad all MlraJlal TreMblts.
Does Not Contali Qainine Nor Other Poitl,
Does Not Injure the Stemach Nor FR*-t the Rearing
* W. A. McLkrty A Son, Dime Boxl TeL, soy: "Ramon's Pepina Chill Tonic is the
best we have ever taidled. My son prescribes Itin his practice, an says it is
the on ll Tonic which a child can take without injury to the stomach.
Price BROWN MF G. CO., Prop'rs GrenevMlle. Tenn.
n . L4 -_ =. . -- I I r -
B I K I ' n UNTEl HA , wh bLtTE
HUNT " OWBONe.
Wholesale Grocers and Commission Melchants
111 anc 113 MIALM BTREBT
tlanstario lºil l et Bangging d l'ie
DEALEBIss:
lay, Core 'ats. Bran ,n'. Chops
teoia ettent .,,, to all or !e" at bottom prices. All favors aporeolatel
,G, C cFU & O
SOALERlS.:.
'Dry tboed', £outs, Shoes anti Hat ,
Cet)h. , -N sT' KR(IU;KHI'I TREET8
P A,. 1PT At 1E i 0 ,0 "tO C,- l 'DERSB
...CHEAP RATES
IOUSTON.EAb1 T. eST T XAS RAIL tAY
')FFERb TH E,;B EST SERVICES
AND C:.EAP'EST RATES TO
-E·ý,b - ALL SOUHTWEST TEXA%
Taylc:,' Te uple, Austin,, Swa Antonio,
N 8 MELDRUM, W H TAYLOBR, WIa DOHERTY.
r erMgr. G F&PA AGPA
KAq LIOUIL. AND GROCERY CO 7
Corner ý xas and priug Streets.
mine Whiskies, brai es, Importei it Domestic Cigars,
'ns, Wines and su ..Tri,"., Best & Most i'aoular Brands
IrOHAC-t " N1J O)KER8' MATERIAL
Irsde so!icited. Prompt, .n t1 atIf4ct'rv atientoo, itvau v Iorent I
SCLUB RATES.
TWO PAPERS MAY BE SE
CURED IN .THE COMBI
NA TION.
Beginning with the year 1901 The Caucasian
offers to its ,eaders and all people who would keep
informed, two papers the prices of subscription one
year being:
Caucasian with the Commonei, edited and
published by W. J. Brya,,.º....... $1 50.
Caucasian and Atlanta Constitution. j.... $1 50.
! Caucasian and H,;ne and Farm ......... $1 00.
c Caucasian alone............ .............. $1 00
By next week will add the',Commer Appe '
and others to'the Club List. Now is the --iu
' subscribe,
t , v _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _v__ _ _ _ _ _
TO ThE PURIJ:
You'are hereby notified thv 14i.
keep open
Night and D.y
Except Sunday, and w live
Pa ta, OlIIas ysaruIs. ape.
y~un.