___ THE CAUCASIAN.
VOL XI1 - - --***- -
SHREVEPORT, LA, WEDNESDAY EVENING, JANUARY 30. 1901. o 9)
LOW PRICES'.--.
Lad l ' Re gular IoN hlose, Black or Tan at 8c pair.
( bhltlreem regular 10e lio, all sizes, 8e psair.
Ladli s Flauel Lined Undershirts worth 86 at only 25c. , .... to
p match sull price.
LAdle's nousebriiklng Vsta, sold by others at $1•00, our price
S66 each. Pants :o match, amre pricee.
Sa. pa.le .ll Wool Vests worth:l.25 at only 98c. Pants to match
same price.
*0 Lsdle's Murali Underwear at very low prices.
(vln e us a call. We have a beautiful lot of all kiLadsof Ladle's
SUnderwe.r.
W. ,. Ross, 417 Texas.!
* - ***-- * --. . ...B..t
TO STOP THE FIGHT.
Governor Nauh Make an Etot to¢ Step
Frla. Pighting to Ohio.
Columbus, O., Jan. 30. -Governor
Nash declares no prize tight shall be
pulled off at Cincinnati it the law will
prevent it. He addlre.tsed a note to the
attno ney general demanding that he
take steps to stop the fight and a suit to
enjoin the Jeffries-Ruhlln ight at Cin
eionnti was filed in the common pleas
oo-rt today, the petition being a vole ai
noas document.
The Saengerfest Athletic Association
company, the principals in the fight and
their managers, and the Cincinnati Zoo
/ logical company, which owns the
grounds on which the S.eongerfest hall,
where it is proposed to have the fight,
is situated, are made defendants. The
S petition reaites that the proa.oed boxing
content i a "public nuisance and
against the peace and dignity of the
state." Among the- allegations that
,---.-. will be made in support of this claim is
that the event 'would attrack a large
number of "toughs" to Cincinnati.
Attorney General Sheets says the suit
is a petition for an injunction against
the parties named, based out the claim
that they are about to perpetrate a pub
ti nuisance. It is on this claim of nui
msaoe that it is hoped to avoid the ques
tion whether the conltest is a prize fight
or a boxing contet. He points out that
both tel,MAhlselppi and Indiana courts
have abated :sch things by injunctios.
The pes whose names figur in the
Sinwr S afte of mnore than local
pleatineuMe the outcome interests
all the state.
SJeries mad Ruhln Arrested.
Oincinnati. Jan. 30.--Jiea Jeffriesand
Ois RIahlin were arrested laht night on
* warrant sworn, out by several persons
interested in the coming light, who
actgl at the instigation of the Saenger
fest Athletic assmoiation, charging them
with being in training for a prize fght
which is is violation of the laws of the
isate. The two lighters were taken be
fore Squire 1uoebling who released both
on boad, furnished by one Jamnes Wil
dsl. A test ae is to be made of their
arrest. Rtibling is a magistrate in
Delhi towpship with an ofllee not far
lfrj.Je.res' training quarters.
RICE 'WILL CASE.
Mett. Maad. Ma Tampr.pry Ad.ntlats
t.str by a Nephew.
,New York, Jan. 80.-Surrogate Gil
ehrist sitting in chamber is hearing
a msoaoo which may hmve an important
freso on the dispoml of the millions of
the late Willian Marsh Rice. It is not
generally known that so far as the con
tso(.ryovr the estate of the dead
millionasre has been snob that the pop
erty he left is in somewhat chbotc ao
dition. The socks and bonds he left
Ip sa.e deppeai vaults in this cty still
sma and th large holdings of real
ated of Mr Rice in Tens are in such
a condition hat the San are paying
so sam TL camplimtiaa all grows
£1 of two wills left b the . lmionare.
Other lwyers have new come into
th6 e ae s raseeepntssivus of a nephew
of the o stor. The motiop made by
sha ut hfor a tempormry admnih ash or.
If this adaii or is appoiuto ts
meanaum that he wilitfake chare the
astr. stateI pending the litigati over
The two wils Ma as "piosssion Is oon*
aideire luitepals ,i law," the, will
be a lived'fl g over the appoIar-t
t sthe mporary dmini .stAr
r
." e, co. * MW c s.m.
Gaps T wa. Jas. S.-Adtt S.
SiUnIssd Staes emel at PeserIna
ad theI s bms h oem esse. As nml
a di _ slect mwasing .
Dea. ! lp<, t~ sl Ba r ha eb
Da.mimel bra tS. Uas at
. kwm. s he pJeuiahsly
e. mksen or Ahimauhaet
D lp" addeU a Umbed
.tsea. - ;
tmic 1~het
THE INDIAN TROUBLE
Clazy onake Still Held a Captive
by the Tr..ops.
HE WILL N9OT TALK.
The Situation in the Territory Is Be.
emoieg olire Calm and a Settle.
meat I Belivetd to He in
Sight in the Future.
n,
t, Henrietta, T , Jan 30 -O-hittoHar
ae jo, or Crazy 4nake, the leader of the
ig warring Creeks, who is a United States
id prisoner here. still remains sullen and
erefuses to eomnfer with Lieutenant Dix
i on. It is bheleved, however, the chief
is will ssiner or later. show a friendly
p spirit and that the result will ie a
prothpt ending of the insurrce-tion.
it , It is argued that Harj, alnd ris fol
it lowers have been catught t, havea great
n 'er respect for the army ollckrs than for
>. deputies, belihevog thatl tnhe soldier is
i. more apt to treat him fairly. T'his has
3 been brought about not by the Imtm -
Stihal's actions. but because a deputy
it here and there in the pas. las inot tet.(l
a wisely toward thern
S When the chief, who was m.oltredl
upon his pony and surrotunded eI, .on
deputles, appeared at the tentI of L' t
Dixon, he was greeted crnsideiratcly.
Fifty soldiers groupe alout the c:amp
fro sang T'rhe Blue and the Gray,"
t1 while Lieutenant Diuonr made friendly
It overtures to the priunsmer. The Indian
y sat stoic; and proud in his aaddle.
J "Tell him that the officer wishes to
shake his hand as a friend," said Lieut
1 Dixon t tbhe interpreter. Harjo gruntedl
S his sesponse and slipped from his pony.
a Iu the meantime, soldiers hurriedly pre
Spared a teat for the chief, while others
t grdilped theannelyes about him.
Th,' l.apture of Orasy Snake is be
lievedl here tn be the meeost important
move sauce the outbreak. He has been
the aRitator and real leader of the dis
satisfied Indians.
On the arrival of Harjo at the camp
the cari.ner <d the camp guard were
loaded ready thr instant action and no
soldier is allowed to leave camp. Lieut.
Dixon is dte rumirld to be ready for any
emergeloy.
Ohitto Barjo was captured by Deputy
Johnson. a negro, who has a reputation
of being a fearless officer and 'who last
Christmas captured John Tiger, the
Oreek, at- Eufatla, after the latter hadb
killed three aen.and wounded another.
WaOd has come from Washington
that Obhief Pleasat Porter, who is there i
a business, understands the situation
ire tharougl and that he will not re
tarn to th territory until the pending I
treaty-pases. Then, it is aid, he will
come home nd.call the territorial coun
all together and investigate the present
traouble.
The Indians around Watumpka are
sending their families into the hills
while they themselves are riding over
the country in squads heavily armed.
I.me an Indiam Treable.
Washington. Jn-. 80.-The war de
pmrtment has reoteved the following tel
egram from Brigadier General Lee,
ommanding theI d tment of the gulf,
In regard to the In roublei, dated
Omaha, Jan S8:
"UIdateast Diao.,oomnanding troop I
A. lghth cavalry, at Henrietta, I. T,,
reets a violence by Indians and no
escitlmemt at Woli.ivrile and E.dfaula.
Peoph we ant leaving their homsn and
go aywhere without r. Chitto Iair
fa orasy bahe, wa arrested without
diealty and iow .ald at Henrietta.
DIas ha latrated- to give nee- I
l~r1 t prevent deatruction r
t mi' ps ortu ridgee. far so oats f
at svdamm ver6ed." c
sW Ssssaerse seats. Mssfui. .
Smilk rAeter. I T.. jan -o.- DL
l Madt. bldeo of the Chosaw Snaels.
uf lt ieed l here ated that t he
4 - w so on the 1uurpesh and
ý1c
kn Ex('c-l.lf t ('om bination.
Tfi p* 'ant rot!tId an.d I. Ita ~icial
ff(., ts of t!' v. '1 [ll known re.,cdy,
,:!,i' ,,rt i':, , ,.rmnufa:.tur ,I Lv the
ALtF u;A Fl~1; .'.it. Cot., illu:,trate
h aili: f haui:,inif t!h liuil laxa
ivt pri'::-'i ii-l-, f plants known to be
n,.i iny,'.'a ux: tive andI presenting
them in hr. ftatn most rcifr,shing to the
ast. :a l -i c,.eIptai:lt: to ti'. bVsteln. It
slo tl ~, p. rfict :,tre.tit !: tnii4'g laxa
ive,. clean ,iii: Lt'a" :- sten a. fcctuall;,
A. li.'; ' !, .4. a !. l,,..s z:.lI f wev rs
tt, over. ome ihal,iotual con:.tipation per
Inaunently. I t, perfect freedom from
,vry lj,,.etuaaila quality and snb
stanrc.:, an its acting on the kidneys,
livrer a ,l ,n~'., without weakening
or irritating; tlhei-, make it thIe ideal
taxat ivte
II !tc. pr,,:r...4s f manufacturing tigs
,,re u,- 1 -as they are plcasant to tih
ltat, Ibtl !h tl ,edicilal qtualitie:.of the
'll|lr," n ,}ittined fromi seuunna atnd
fthtri aromiatc planti , 1Ivy c method
kn,,,vn to the (,c ( ttr IoNLA "tIG SY.tUr
'o. nl. In i or , to tt<'; its I tow ficaI
, fteetsi and to a v' .I imritati-n:. pleas.
rentlllll-t.r tlhi full nane ot he t ompan}
trinted o,n the front of every t:ckage
LALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO.
BAN FIRANCISCO. CAL
LOUITVILLE, In'. NEW YOC1K., * Y.
lorr:;lo by ali Druagilt~ - P'., ;.,, "k i ' t"r tptle
SPECIAL
ý Market Ouotations,
id
x- Issued Weekly by
A. M. HIGHHOUSEI
a Commission leKchant
415 Market St. Box 127.
Telephone 716.
6t SHIRFV:EPIttIT,LA. Janu.rvy a, 1901.
)r Poultry.
I Illens.'large and faL .. .. .. 3 "st, 50
ieiths. nlitdium. .-..
Fryers, tancy, large and ,fat ' :5 to 3 '5
1'Fryers, d . .. .........
Broiiers, extra large 2 40
' Broilers, medium large ... . to 25
SI'Peepers I uO
Turkeys. hens. bII and up f. 5 oia. ui
Toms ............ ......... .15
tGese. temale.. s . 0
teese. male . 5 01
It Ducks. peL.in oo W
I)uclts, pu.l.lle lull te.tthered. . . :t J
t (ocks, Guine.,L .AIld I(ullS .. I S
p Receipts lighter, market firm, telling
ac'tivc sl Ilk.
Butter.
Country, good to choice:(fresh) .. Ic
ft Choice dairy, bulk .... ................ lc
Choice dairy, lib prints ... Ilk
F'ancy Jers.ey, I lb bricks (fresh) 2Ic
n Creamery, lib prints 2.. .. 22ae c
Hides, Wool and Beeswax.
1 Dry Flint Hides No. I .... ?lc
Dry Hides, damaged . to Ice
Drysalted No. I ......... Oc
Green Salted ............. 5 to Sc
Wool, clear .........14 to l8c
Y Wool, black or burry 8 to Sc
Wool. washed clear ..............2 to Sc
Beeswax, prime. .................20 to 21
Furs.
t Fox. Coon. Wild Cat or Mink .... ac
Hear....... $1 . OUIt Ouu I
Beaver ........ ........ ... .. UUa6d
Otter .. 2 uWaU 00
Wolt.. ........... . . " .cal I0
Skunk.......... luasec
Opossum..... ........ ........ baS0c
t Deer. per pound............ la
Ulame.
Venison carcass, per pound ............. 8alc
Venison saddles, per pound ........ IS 12ial5c
Wild Turkeys, per dozen .................. OUal 0 I
Wild Geese.................................... 6 ~ Oal 00
Ducks, Mallards .........-- .... ......... a O
Duc s, Teel.................................. ... 1 1
Quail and snipe ..................I 11 5to 150
ual live... ......... ..........................1 50
quirrel, ......... ............. to 160
Foodstuffs.
Hay, bran. corn. oats, chop, and mill pro
ducts. prices on application.
MIscellueous
Honey: strained ................. c to 100 gal
Money comb ....... .. ..... ....... 10 to I. lb I
Country sansage ........... .... ...10 to Itc
Sweet potatoes, bunch yams....... 40aS0c
Field peas................................ ., 01 bushel
Pecans, paper shell..................... 10 to lIc lb
Coalsgnlenltasoolicitad.
I keep in stock shipplng coops, egg case
and illers. butter moulds and butter paper
Prices on application.
A M. HIOHHOUSE
I
The Little Girls sad the S.atry
From Koomati Poort I drove to Barber
ton, making forced marches, and reached
it In two days. The whole country, cool
after the rains, was green with the pron
Ise of spring. Little rivulets trickled
where before had been dry sand, a parch
ed arid desert had become a fower gar
den.
In the course of an evening saunter 1
came across three little mites, hand In
band, standing tearfully some 10 to 20
paces from a picket. The sentry, a stal
wart cavalryman, paced his best smartly
and looked imposing, even in khaki. The
eldest of the children was a girl, perhaps
6 years old. The other two hung to each
side of her skirts. As I approached the
leader of the party said, "We want to go
past. please." "Very well," I said, "go
on; nobody yill hurt you, "But," she
said, "won't the sentry stop us?' "Tell
him you are a little English girt," I re
plied. Three little figures moved timidly
forward. The sentry had overheaod the
eesversatloa, and his eyes twinkled grim
ly. "Halt! who goes there?" rang out ia
semteorian tone. Then, in childish treble,
"Please, I'm a little English girl." "Pas,
little English girl, all's well;" the butt of k
a rife clanked on the stone pavement, -
lad the sentry stood at ease with as a
mueh preisioa as if he had been oe
Sat Whitehall Itself. The IItte par I
ý,w hmn beansts bat aise erstd,
aL1 Iw > file >i .r rd
vt yrllri s dý>< 4
WILL RESIST PAYMENT.
Neely and Itatlhbonul'i ilr.ol Will Not
nIi Paid W"lllhout L twullt.
Jaltin, ire, .lan .,o. - l-rils nt Ed
win Wartield of the I'ielhtyv and I)e
posit cornpany of 3altuIInorIe has gone to
New York to consult Fr;t.k I. Platt,
vice president of the contillpanV, concernu
ing the $1`i0,(Ox) bond of ('harl-s F. W.
Nee;v , former director of tinine of tho
Cuban postal serv'ice. Deimand has also
been made upon the complany for the
$10,000 bond of Estes G. Rathbone.
President Warfleld says that the coom
pany has neither admitted nor denied
liability in these cases. nor will it do so
until fully sa.stfled the claimcns are just
Mr. Wartleld further says that before
a settloement is made the charge.s made
by Neely will have to tbe satlefactorilv
explained away. It was further stated
that the company does not p.,opose to
settle except at the end of a lawsuit.
The effect of a suit by the government
to collect the amouut cof Neely's bond
will be to throw the merits of the whole,
case before an American jury and it a ,
pears that one of the grounds on which
the company will contend against pay
ing will be that Neely's guilt has not
been established. A point which thu
company may raise is this;
On Neely's prlielintry hearing in
New York, Captain (;Irge E Burton,
who first made the charges against him,
t.-tifled that as far back as. January.
1900, he had known of irregularities in
the accounts of the director of fnluance
of the pogtal establishment. In all
Fidelity company bonds of the form is
sued in Neely's case there is contained
a clause which reads like this: "This
bond will become void as to any claim
which the company is responsible here
under to the employer if the employer
shall fail to notify the company of the
occurrence of such an act iunmuediately
after it shall have comule to the knoww
edge of the employer."
It is said Burton actually knew of the
irregularities in January preceding
Neely's arrest and this clause of Neely's
bond I:econces inoperative because the
n)mipany was not iuniediately notified.
While the letter to the comupany niak
ing the claim for itathboe's lndul does
not allow any criminality, it assertsthe
government was a loser through him to
the extent of ~10,()00 in the "authoriza
tion paymllents" which had been disil-,
lowed in settling his accounts.
Mrs. NM.f. Appeals for Aid.
Topeka, Ja 80 -Mrs. Nation inter
viewed GQY r Stanley and Attorney
i General _ yepgerday. She de
manded the enforcement of the pro
hibitory law and appealed to the legis~
lature in the afternoon. The governor
said her moutve was great but her
methodls had She invited the governor
to join her in a saloon smashing cru
sade. but he refused The governor
told het if she would have officers place
the joint keepers in jail he would see
that they are kept there.
Contraoter GOlbon Stai.ding Trial.
Jackson, Miss., Jan 30.--J. F. Gib
son, the Indiana building contractor,
who has been brought back from De
troit, was arraigned in the circuit. court
here Monday afternoon on the charge
of attempting to bribe Governor Lou
glio in connection with the statehouse
contract. He entered a plea of not
guilty and the trial has commenced.
A Fearful ebstake.
. Parkersburg, W. Va., Jan. 80.--Fip
persons dead and one severely wounded,
two engines and 10 loaded cars wrecked
is the result of a mistake that the train
crew made between Petroleum and Vol
cano Junction on the Baltimore and
Ohio railroad. An engineer mistook the
first section of a passing train for the
second. Thinking both had passed he
pulled his train into the main track and
sped onward to what seemed to have
nearly been his death.
BOSSCHIETER MURDER.
Three Seateseed to Thirty Years Reek
and ohe for flfteen.
Patersor.., N. J., Jan. 30.-Walter 0.
McAlister William A. Death and Aa
drew J. Campbell who were found
guilty of murder in the second degree
for killing Jennie Bosachieter, on Oct.
18, 1900, by the administration of chlo
ral and subsequent rape,- together with
George J. ]err, who pleaded not guilty
WILLIAM DEATH.
S the charge of rape. w,-r, brought into
coa~) today for entence. Me .listesr.
(Ompbell and Death were a, h sen.
tsoed to S0 yers' imprinnanent at hard
labor sad Kerr to 1b years at hard la.
ier. Tb a.mtme0 of all the mae are
iht ioa d umodortmlaent which ds
tir g 4Ae
DEMAND SAME PRICE.
St Various (ountrie. Want Araor Plate at
'rlice Paid by America.
IV Wahington, Jan. 30.-It ik said by
well Iutrllflrti naval oticials that Eu.
o ropei will demauld that American mauu
; facturers supply them with armor at
i. the salme price as the Carnegie and
Bethlehenl companimes are delivering it
o t4 the 'ultted States. Under the con
tract now in force between these corn
a, panics and the government the price,
including royalties, Is $454 a ton for
Krupp anit $411 for Harveyized armor.
I Great Britian, France, Germany, Rus
Ssia adl Italy have been paying more
than $.;O a ton and Japan more than
SN,, limit was placed by the house upon
the price to be paid for armor for the
Shbattleshilps and armoured cruisers au
thorized in the pending appropriation
bill and it is apparent the arrangement
by Secretary Long with the armor cou
pan ies is n acceptable to congress.
War Tat Not Kenoved.
Washington, Jan. ~tl - The report
that the senate committee in its amend.
mItnts removedi-{ the tax from eosmuetics.
perfulmeries, chewing guir and spark
ling wines from the revenue bill is erru
lneo,lus The coltmmittee reduced the tat
oni sine ledical prepltrations mud re
iitoved it fro m others, but left it on the
article, mentioned in the existing law.
Rice Will Case.
New York, .an. e6. -The motion for
the applointmenit of a temporary admin
istrator for the estate of the late Wil
liamn Marsh Rico called in Surrogate
Fitzgerald's chambers was adjourned
by consent to Jan. 29.
Lancaster Go.e to I.aOuayara.
Washington. Jan 26.--Uuder special
orders fromn the navy department cruis.
ei Lancaster left St. Vincent, W. I.,
Thursday for LaOuayara. Gunboat
Scorpion arrived at Ouracoa Thursday
from LaGuayara.
Appleostlnu for a I eclveor.
New York, Jan. 80.-Application has
been made before Vice Chancellor Em.
ory at Newark for the appointment of a
receiver for the Rogers Locomotive
works William Pennington, as coun
sel for Joseph S. Rogers, the principal
owlner, made the application. The re
(ceiver will be appointed next Saturday.
Last Saturday the concern ceased to ex
ist as the Rogers Locomotive works,
works will now he sold to the highest
bidder as the law provides.
tig emeb peal.
* Fort Worth, Tex., Jan. 30.-A deal
was consummated Monday whereby
Charles E. Hicks of Little Rook, Ark.,
becomes mhe possesor of the Jim Reed
ranlch. cuomprising 7000 acres, and locas
ed twelve miles north of Fort Worth.
The property Was purchased from D. R.
Fain Jr., of Georgetown, the considers
ti;a being $60,000.
Kansas City, Jan 80.-At the oflice
of the Standard Oil company here a
young man forced W. E Irvin, the
cashier, at the point of a revolver, into
a closet and after locking him in, made
off with between $500 and $700 in cash.
The police arrested Ched Coverdale and
Ralph Myer. Cashier Irvin has posi
tively identified Coverdale.
Mysterious Death.
Racine. Wis., Jan.30.-Body of Pran
ces L Rarseon, one of the most prom
ineit musicians and band leaders in
this state, was found upon a sidewalk
near the southmrn limits of this city.
The cause of his death is a mystery.
The physicians who were called have
been unable to decide as to the cause of
death and the coroner will demand a
postmortem examination.
Aeother Cere.egs. ift Aeeepted.
Lewiston,- Me., Jan. 30.-The city
council has voted unanimously to ac
cept the offer of Andrew Carnegie to
give for a free public library ten times
the amount the city will appropriate
annually for its support. Mr. Oarnegie
will he called on for $50,000, the council
voting $7000 annually.
Fire at Des Motee.
Den Moines, Jan. 3).-Fire here odm.
pletely destroyed Frankel Bros' large
department store and damaging adjoin.
ing structures. Several firemen injured
by falling walls but none fatally Total
kms $570,000 Insurance wili cover the
nosses.
Binbop Dusue Impreviag.
Dallas. Jan. 96.-Bishop Dunne, of the
Catholic diooese of Dallas, embracing
aortherd and western Texas, and who
has been dangerously ill with grip-peen.
monia for several days, is convalesoent.
Kruger's Byel Pr.gresslsg Well
Utrehi., Jan. 86.-Krnger's eyes op.
eraed upon Thureday are prograsiag
favorably.
Ceselos or Illldse Aan4eseea.
Madrid, Jan. 0.--The eession of Su
butu and Cagayan de Jolo islands t the
United States has been psetted.
Commsseloes Servlee Returoed.
Terrell, Tex.. Jan. 0.--About four
years ago, the silver ucommuion service
was takenu from the Methodist church
at this placre. Several days ago T. T.
Ward, who lives 14 miles east of here,
diseovered under bushes what jioved
to be two pewter goblets sad two tin
plates. He tools them to the house and
on polishing them diso'o*ed them to be
Mlv r with Tfrrell U. c OhuriL , South
mraved oan them. They were hbagh
basg MiW69 eras lest mer
"A CARD"
"Benson's"
ABOUT RDDUCTIONS.
'1'Th time is now here for my regular discount
prices. You shall receive if> 'There shall be no
shamming, there'll be no misrepresentations. Some
stores may tell you about 30 to 60 per cent discounts
but not this store; for these exorbitant proflta- are
not put on the merchandise at the starting point.
An Overcoat or Suit that is marked to sell at $15 00
will now cost yu $12. 1.
A $5 00 suit of tae finest fall fashioned woolen
Underwear will now cost you $4. A bona fide re
duction of 2) per cent. ....
You have attended our discount sale. Yon
know that they can be depended on.
You'd better take a shot at the reductions if you
or your boys need clothes.
Star Brand Shirt Walsts ............69c.
| Benson's, 421 Texas Street.
AI Want
EVEjRYBODfL
___-_TO KNOW
That I Have the
GOODS
--AND-- "
PRICES
To suit every purme. Up-to-date styles, :in
SWorkmanship and Finish.
-. 2. ST0 I r"SORL r
THE FURNITURE MAN.
206 Texas Street. s
-- iS
PERSONAL
Mr. Frank Peoples, so well known In
newspaper circles is this olty, Prrived Tat
Sunday to permanently reside be'e. He
was most cordially welcoamed.
Mr Lee L Smith of the Times, Demoorat
arrived Monday. He it looking well.
Superintendent E Ford of the V 8 & P
Ist I the city on buslees.
Mr Sap Dreyfuse has gone north on a
business trip.
Mr L R Bloxim off Hadley, La.. paid
the Cauonasls a pleasant visit t.,dsy.
Publ e Schools
The SpaIts .aIow exhibit today and
tomorrow ter the benest of the publ;c
seooels. As this ise matter of pride witbh
the people they should liberally patroibise
such a laudable effort.
Prominent Marrlage
At Natchitoebes l* at Uunday, .Judge C V,
Porter, of the District Court, and Miss
Lueia J Lawleu, of Port Bylror, 1ll, and
one of the faculty of the State Normal
school, were quietly married in the parlor
et BIshop A DurIer, the bishop flcicltirg.
rhe bridegroom isa risingl, )ctL g I; w ter
with brilliant proepects and wl'l I nown
Ibrvouhbot the State. I be brl'e is vary
popular, of attrateUe personality, wiuning
asners and graelious dispos tion. The
Caueulasn Joels in congratulations for
their mutual happiness.
Uentint
fyr T M * mavys, dentist. frce t1,
Ca r budldings
WATCH SALE.
Over .~ 0 watch.es will i.e offered The
best bargains yet In our Great Watch
Sale will be for tblh week as long a,.
they last.
OG' Bose filled case, 7 Jew ,l
Waltham or Liin movement for
$1O.
3O size. 5-year Crescent : T cast 7 jewel.
Waltham or EJgln.movement... $14 50
Osize, 2-year Crescent:E Tcase,7 Jewel
Waltham or Elgin movement .... $13 75
6 size, 25-year Crescent case, 7 jewel.
Waltham or Elgin movement .... $13 26
6 size, 20-year Crescent case, 7 Jewel,
Waltham or Elgin movement. . $12 50
17 size. 5-year Crescen. E T ('ase
jewel. Waltham or Elgin movement
$15 00
12. sze, 20-year('resrent E Tcrar.e; jewel
Waltham or Elgin movemenlt . $14 00
18stl6e,2yr(Crescent E Tease.; jewel.
Waltham or Elgin movement ... $i 6 00
laIsle, SMyr Crescent E T Case, 7 jewel
Waltham or Elgi movement ..$14 50
IS sIse, M yr Crescent E T case. 7 jewel.
Walthm or Elsn movement ...... $1 00
dsme. 3 yr Crescent T Oase. 7 Jewel
WilIMaer me1ore t ..... $14b
00
A Small iu
Yeetteray moraleg a baktlt ..
niue o'clock, the bas g J t I
Moore, near the ao hq raf.at
Princess Park on Coder
totally destroyed byiadecil4
a defeative ea. The ee s.t
home were almost (otaigy.e i
Mrs Moore barely api m tois
take her children to a a %iy s•gh..
bor',. The are depaut ei espel,'
neced great troube la t. U .g 1.e,
having to run thalir hea s). e Ca.
ri:'s spring. F'ortnasleMI Ih-d .d
no other dsamage.
Mr Moore in e .e poesti-lsele). s
on the Ksanas City Buoa erm r.da '
and was out on bis r.A
A eeeond alarm at lUrsO a .4' l :4
the dopartmet to the srntl .l y .
but their servicsm were ot bhegi .
as it was only a blag trole the
smoldering rutes.
Importat Sttt.
The suit or Heary Broohe'. City
of h8reveport was tiled In the Die
trlct Court 'huoday. It was as M .
Lion for $'2,Oss damsre for lnjerles
sustalned by pla.etil threagh thes .
neglect and eatlwesmes of J T Tai ',t
hot nla reoivng a pole trop ' e
paved street, from which he ireeia
injuries in attempuog to ettMh a
car. The jury decided Io favor Ot
defendant.
Tlfe woodeo ebacke acr depp* .
tog a.dp i did brick atrtinrgs l "
r'ad l,*~ f. Two 4*toy t ,
Ouila. g will be bult oso 1I0"M -1
of Lcuislar i and Texas tue We 9 '
Juatin Ricou.
o 'r own Make syMp' 4 wh(iP l
Uherty is moso reutive IaiY r -,.
oughe sad der Bated oolds. I .l
agreeable so tb t to resdhgjto. ', ,I
the moot deller iomaetL. C(. t,. uo
o.laLte. Chbldtrea o c tlae it. rpse aud t
t Allen's Pbarmeey. -
VacInltie Your PIeitta 0r1e0 .
The. f:tarner of the future will vac.nate
his .,ut :t,1nlJ If he wibsh. to weure a
gonrd (!ip. aEn' the celebrsted eisetlst,
IBerthelIt. it v il be aettal vtOelcitioa
with a w4~rPhe rnt will beta the effect
of pr.lhrMag troagen. witboet which
F',r y.:1'14 the frmerhT s inouhlated hib
6lit"ld . itb.uti kunowing it, when 1e plow
ed in a growth of clover, peas, beans or
,thlr-r pl::rnlt.f the )i kuown as lega
mii,in.,l. buTi.l futua~ be will obtali the
sPame r'.sult ' uanch simller monner.
These plb : are infested with little ald
malý,. re small ,e to require a maderoscope
to g~e t beu tihat are blusy night aud day
absorbisg *tiuesa flrom the air. wbhil
is a ftern, be' unl by plai lIft.
The . . trhese tiay eeM . ..
3F'~L.