e the completest stock of
ure, Matting, Rugs
.... and Linoleums
1 will make it to your interest to call and see me before you buy.
you call whether you buy or not. No trouble to show goods.
J. A. Stephenson.
tin g...
want good printing-commercial printing of value. we are ready
r order. The kind of printing we do is good printing.
or man who wants good printing should bear in mind that
of printing we do is always good-the cheapest kind after all.
ers' Briefs a Specialty.
pices for nrinting booklets, folders, circ'ulars, cards, bill heads,
letter heads and everything which can be printed are fair
le-being much cheaper, taking in consideration the style
--than is generally paid for careless, ordinary or common
Ring up booo.
asian & Carney Bros. Piotiog Co.
St HEI(CANTIL & MPG. (0. LTD.
Wholesale Dealers in All Kinds of
,, Produce, Field and
(Garden Seeds.
of SHREVEPORT STEAM BOTTLING
RKS afld SHREVEPORT STEAM
CANDY FACTORY.
125 Texas Street, Shreveport, La.
DREYFUSS & CO.
WHOLESALE DEAI,,ERS IN
Boots, Shoes and ' Hats.
SPRING AND CROCKETT STREETS.
AflENTION TO COUNTRY ORDERS.
ERMAN LOEB
Tati, ~eswx, I4~s
-TEENEXT TO V. S. & P. RAILWAY.I
8HZYE*PORT. LA.
Aa teerih best prices obtained in St. Louis, New
~*,~ta ndHouston swats Prompt 'returns.
ee ::. r I{Io `
'.....4'.y
t`tI F y
r p.is
....- s
'tALMAGE
SERMON
By Rev.
FRANK DE WITT TALMAGE.D.D..
Pastor of Jefferson Park Presby
terian Church, Chicago
Chicago, Feb. 22.-In this dis
course, appropriate to the patriotic
character of the day, the preacher ex
tols the -patriotism, the statesmanship
and the Christianity of "the Father of
His Country" as worthy of the emula
tion of all good Americans. The text
is Genesis xvii, 4, "Thou shalt be a
father of many nations."
Among the monarchs of Europe there
is only one whose lot I consider envi
able. Justin McCarthy once wrote that
the princes who were born to thrones
ought to be the most pitied of all men.
The kings and queens of Europe, as a
rule, are doomed to lives of oppressive
and circumscribed servitude. The
would be assassins are always skulk
ing around. ready to dig their graves.
Kings cannot marry those with whom
they fall in love, as other men are al
lowed to do. When they wed, consid
erations of state policy and of inter
national alliance govern the choice of
a partner, and they must not marry
simply to satisfy the cravings of their
own hearts. They must breathe, for
the most part, the tainted atmosphere
of sycophantal praise and insincere
adulation. Royalty hbs its drawbacks
as well as its dangers; but there is one
conspicuous example of their being
overcome. Even a freeborn American
citizen can afford to admire the do
mestic relations of the German emper
or. The six bright, healthy, intelligent
boys and the lovely little girl -who
compose his family circle are a group
to make a father's heart glad. To be
theahead of such a family is more grat
ifying than to be the head of the Ger
man empire.
It was so that the beautiful Cornelia
felt when she declared that no wealth
was comparable to being the mother of
the- Oraehi. What, then, must be the
joy of that man who 'is told that he is
to be "the father of many nations!"
For that reason the Hebrew people
honor the name of Father Abraham;
for that reason the American people
ought to honor the name of George
Washington. As the Hebrews to this
day venerate the man from whom their
race sprang. so we have in the leader
and founder of our commonwealth a
man whose, character is worthy of all
our honor and venepation. Thousands
upon thousands of pilgrims have jour
neyed to the shrines of Machpelah, in
which are supposed to be buried Fa
ther,Abraham and Sarah. his wife. On
this national holiday ia imagination
-ira should be willing to journey to the
IMszfl4terpum tmbsh its which inluipbpr
the= Iabering bodies of Father Wash
Sltgton and Martha, his wife. We should
on this Washington's birthday. be glad
to give up at least one service to the
study of the life andclthe character of
this great fnd good man. whose name
lot only towers above all other names
in American history,, but whose life
has won the admiration of other na
tions as well as of ouirown.
A WeRl `Reaaed Mna.
Geoge Washington was a well round
ed man. His was not the brilliant gen
ius of a Napoleon or a Richelleu or a
Masarin or a Cardinal Wolsey. His
military career was not spectacular,
like that of Arold 'or Greene or Mor
,fan or "Light Horse" Harry Lee or
Sr+d" Anthopy Wayne. His pen was
not thalle. like that of Hamilton or
eferon. H. he d no oratorical gifts.
like those of Henry or Adams or Wil
11am Pinknel; but, as he abad not the
dWissing talents of such men, neither
1 4 oe have the moral weaknesses
'whish ;marreO their characters.
'Wberev r we toueh the life and char
Vter of Washington there we fhid that
lf he had any genius. "his." as David
Gregg Wrotes "was the genius of char
,acts r," and of character alone. As a
boy be was not a brilliant boy, but a
[pgd boy, a noble, high principled boy.
IWado not hare to refer to the fabled
Lhatchet story to prove this. There are
[still preserved in his own boyish hand
t g the famous rules be made To
overi s future life, which he wrote
thirteeln. Among those rules are
in y-re bosom that little divine spark
tailed conscience." As a young man
we o not flai him a brilliant young
man. but a conscientious and painstak
g. young Unan. Hel was appointed
piblicsurveyor by Lord Fairfax, Why?
Beeause Lord: Fairfax knei* that' when
th plodder.George Washington. reord
ed a meam t there; would never be
a doubt of the one fact, that that meas
urement -As s ght Ase matured man
we eannot :rtr y the well rounded
'ness of Ws'ingtu'os life better than
uoin the words written by Mr.
hear, li1C private ae yret4ry, who, lived
it basa & ,neber of his family in
Momnt Vernon: "Geheral _Washington
,, I believe~,.halst the only man of
ezslte jdu act w#1 does not lis
sola part of hisb sspeetablity by sin
iisg sa suaaigtance° I have never
found wld e thing that could lessen
u ±opet ork Ak t aplete knowl
So rf his bonesty, *riltbneass and
eondor in a-21 aprivate transactions
btasbeges ler me to think hisl
l a character was not the
sAr Y w :apped mountain..
fL nt~*afd *pd fatal preelpices.
,ay or w.kieh seled plece of
a Oa, utor's hand
ies charge
at hat that light stiks away into the
twiliht after the glowing sunset has
eovered the clouds with garments of
old -
Goodnees, Not Briiance, Needed.
What the world most needs today Is
not, brilliant men, but good men; not
men with the scintillating genius of
Aaron Burr, but men with the good
ness of a Father Washington. The
world does pot need an orator who can
make a brilliant speech and then with
a dissolute private life repudiate all
the noble sentiments he enunciated in
that apeech. But the world does need
good men-men who are honorable 'n
their homes, men who are honorable in
their business dealings, men who are
conscientiously faithful in every duty
of life which confronts them. When
the tidings of Bunker Hill were carried
to Washington, he anxiously asked the
courier this question: "Did the militia
fight well?" When told that they did.
he replied, "Then the liberties of the
country are safe." That principle is
our ground of hope today. On this na
tional birthday we re-echo Washing
ton's words and declare that "the lib
erties of the country are safe" when
its citizens. from the humblest to the
greatest, are good men doing their re
spective duties well. It was in Wash
ington's "genius of character" that we
find his greatest element of strength.
George Washington was a well round
ed man. That means in ordinary, ev
eryday language he was a good man
wherever you study him.
George Washington was ready to sac
rifice his all for American liberty. I do
not suppose he was any more willing
to sacrifice his all than thousands and
tens of thousands of other men. But
the simple fact was that George % ash
ingtou had more to sacrifice than al
most any other man of his day. First,
he was a home body. He had to give up
all the endearments of his Virginia
plantation life. The glory of war and
the pride of statesmanship never ap
pealed to him, as they often do to the
selfish ambition of the modern poll
tician. "How pitiful," he once wrote to
a friend, "in this age of reason and re
ligion, is that false ambition which
desolates the world with fire a d sword
.for the purpose of conquest O d fame.
I hope to spend the remainder of my
life in cultivating the affections of good
men and in the practice of domestic
virtues." But though George Wash
ington wasa essentially a home man,
and loved As own fireside above all
thronerooms, yet at the call of duty
he sacrificed his life's desire and drew
his sword as the commander of the
American armies.
Waskhastoa's Great Saericees.
The sacrifice of his ease and comfort
was not the only sacrifice he was will
ing to make. When he became com
mander of the American armies, he
placed his head and life in jeopardy in
more ways than one. When the Dec
laration of Independence was being
signed in independence hall. Benjamin
FranklIa, . .#b It was. tarned to
some aof ll e goes and said, "We
must all bang together now or else we
shall all hang separately." That was a
figure of speech that may not have
been true of'every signer of the Dec
laration, but It would certainly have
been true of the man who was rightly
regarded as the head and front of the
revolt. If the Revolution of 1776 bad
failed,' whosoever escaped. George
Washington, as the leader of the
American armies, would have been
shot or hung or decapitated. As the
greatest leader of that time, he would
have had to lay down his life as a
warning to all future conspirators.
Washington not only ran the risk of
the battlefield, but also the risk of the
executioner's ax.
George Washington placed his prop
erty alsa in jeopardy. His wife was
not only .fch in her own right, but
Washington himself was 'considered
one of the wealthiest men in all Amer
lea. I have seen it stated that he was
worth at the time of his death over
$750,000. That. .t course, was a fabu
lous fortune in his day. Yet Wabb
ington was ready to sacrifice all he
-owned'as well as his peace of mind and
his head upon the altar of principle if
America could only beefree.
When a great crisis comes; are you
and I similarly ready to make a seen
flee for principle's sake? When we see
might triumph over right and injustice
over justice, are we ready to say: "Here
Is my life. Here is my property. Here
is the property of my loved ones. I
stake everything in the struggle which
I wage to make all men free?" Have
we the same faith In a Divine Provi
dence as George Washington had? Are
we as true to principle as he, as ready
as he to put liberty, property and life
itself in peril for the sake of right? Do
we feel it is better to die right than to
live wrong?
George, Washington was also stead
fast, though heblad to battle against
and overcome the gisamsna eat, of
the American statesmen and ie jeal
ousies of hig own generals. e peo
ple think that the-only battles Wash
trgton bad to fight were those against
4lpe English and -the _esaian soldiers.
( eorge Washington: s .not `always
''et in iheheartt of- his countrymen"
as. `l was arst lI wt amid first in
peace )lir sooner was he placed in
commiand tiant its enemies at home
began < conspire against him. 'After
thi capture of Port Washington by the
British -lhese home- eaemies tried to
*rest the commander's sword out of
George Washington's hand and give it
to Major General Charles Lee. ,When
Burgoyne. surrendered to Horatio
Gates at Saratoga. the "Conway cabal"
tried to, supplant the old leader with
this new conqueror-from the north.
The Enemies In Camp.
Not only did Washington have to
contend" wl3*Wseloiuarray officers.
s .ing e0h lfrog who teat
Nisted rob two or three years, or fbr the
war, these enemies voted to him an
army mad' up of men who had enlisted
for a few months or a year. No sooner
would Washington plan a battle or a
campaign than he would find that a
large part of his soldiers discovered
that their terms of service had expired
and that they were entitled to pack up
their things and go home. It is im
possible for me in the '-omipass of a
letter," he wrote to his brother in 17-6,
"to give you any idea of our situation
and of my difficulties and of the co0
stant perplexities I meet with, derived
from the unhappy policy of short en
listments and delaying them too long.
I am worried almost to death with ti.'e
retrograde motion of things, and I sol
emnly protest that a pecuniary reward
of £20,000 a year would not induce me
to undergo what I do. and, after all.
perhaps, to lose my character.' Yes.
yes, some of the mightiest battles
George Washington had to wage were
against his enemies at home and not
against his enemies from abroad. So.
my brother, if you are ever going to
accomplish anything for God and the
world's betterment, you will find that
some of the people who ought to help
the most are those who will try to un
dermine you; that the man who should
be pushing you ahead will often be
the man who is trying to stab you in
the back.
Here, for instance, is a true gospel
minister trying to preach Jesus Christ
In the village or the city church. Who
Is the greatest enemy he has tQ fight?
The saloon keeper? The proprietor
who runs the low playhouse? The in
fidel who never sets foot inside of a
church? Oh, no. The greatest retard
ment of an average minister's work is
not to be found outside but inside the
church. It is perhaps the church mem
ber who refuses to be reconciled to the
minister because the congregation
called him Instead of another man to
the pastorate. What is the greatest ob
stacle that mother has in the right de
velopment of her children? Is it the
bad example set by her son's class
mates or her boy's employer? Oh, no.
It is the bad example set by the boy's
own father that does the most effective
damage. And so, wherever we go, we
find that our greatest struggles must
often be waged against those people
who ought to help us instead of trying
to destroy us. And one of the chief
reasons why we honor George Wash
ington today is because he went forth
bravely and faithfully to do his work
and did jot swerve one inch from the
right path, no matter what his enemies
at home might do or say.
The Dttles of Peace.
George Washington knew that the
duties of peace are of vital importance
and farreaching in their results. As
president elect he lifted his hand over
the opened Bible apd promised to up
hold the constitution of the United
States with as solemn a consecration
and reverence as when he drew his
sword as the commander of the Revo
lItionary armies. He knew that the
work -of the pen was Just as Important
as the work of the sword. On his way
to inauguration he made this sugges
tive entry in his diary: "April 16, 1781)
-About 10 o'clock 1 bade adieu to
Mount Vernon. With a mind opyressed
with more anxious and painful sensa
tions than I have words to express I
set out for New York, with the best
disposition to render service to my
countrylbut with less hope of answer
Ing Its expectations." As be stood
taking a last farewell of his beloved
Potomac and with anxious dyes tried
to look into the future George Wash
ington fully realized that his acts as
first president of the United States
would make or destroy a nation. And
yet some people suppose that the only
great work George Washington did for
his country was as a soldier and not
as a statesman, as a leader of armieq
and not as a leader in the greater work
of the initiation and administration o:
laws.
As George Washington's memory i.;
cherished for what he did as the first
president of the United States, so may
our memory be honored for the bravest
deeds of heroism acco~lished by us
hI. times of peace. We may often be
able to serve our country and people
in the stre and the home as unselfish
ly and bravely and nobly as if we don
ned a soldier's uniform and n)arched
up tot the cannon's mouth. When
George Washington, as a young man.
was being thanked by the Virginia
house of burgesses for his gallantry
during the French war and for having
saved the remnant of Braddock's army.
he could not speak a word. He stood
up In the aisle, stammering and blush
ing and trembling all over like a child.
With that, Speaker Robinson, noticing
his embarrassment, came to his rescue
and said: "Sit down. Mr. Washington;
sit down. Your modesty is equal to
your valor, and that surpasses the pow
er of any language that I possess."
So, like the modesty of Washington.
.our deeds in time of peace may equal
any deed of military conquest. We
may be heroes and heroines in civil
ian's garb. George Washington up
holding the financial policy of the sec
retary of the treasury. Alexander Ham
Ilton, just as important to American
history as George Washington leading
his troops across the Delaware; George
Washington In the political councils of
state, just as important for American
success as George Washington under
the famous elm of Cambridge.
George Washington lived and died a
Christian gentleyman. If you knew
nothing of the principles of navigation
and 4hould see a. ship sail up New
York! harbor, you might be surprised.
You might say to the commander of
the ship: "Captain, how was it possi
ble for you to steer your ship through
the trackless deep? Miles and miles
away is Einghind, - and yet you have
your- ship's prow straight into
.,of hNew York harbor."
mod: ate' 1 to
Sre box 3a wbkda trembles the mgpe6
te needla. H. would explain to yoa
all the laws of the compass; he would
tell you that no matter which way the
ship's prow turns that magnetic needle
always points toward the north pole.
Then the passage of that ship over the
trackless deep can be made to yot' very
simple and plain. When we attespt to
explain George Washington's career
without the aid of a divine compass,
all is inexplicable, but when we tini
the cross as the magnetic needle, guid
ing him over the troubled sett of lice,
then "man's impossibilities become
God's easies."
Washington's Divine Compass.
Henry Cabot Lodge summed up the
character of George Washington in
these beautiful words: "L see in Wash
ington a great soldier, who fought a
trying war to a successful end, impos
sible without him; a great statesman,
who did more than all other men to lay
the foundations of a republic which
has continued in prosperity for more
than a century. I find in him a mar
velous judgment, which was never at
fault; a penetrating vision, which be
held the future of America when it
was dim to other eyes; a great intellec
tual force, a will of iron, an unyielding
grasp of facts and an unequaled
strength of patriotic purpose." But,
above and beyond that fine conception
of.Washington's character, 1 see a still
higher beauty. I see in him a great
mind and heart, but I see God in that
mind and heart, using him to win su-'
pernatural triumphs. I see George
Washington able to overcome the
greatest obstacles of the Revoldflonary
war. Why' Because I see George
Washington on his knees in the snows
of Valley Forge. I see George Wash
ington overcoming the besetting diffi
culties of his presidential life. Why?
Because I see George Washington as
soon as he had taken the oath of office
going to the sacred chancel. There, as
a humble supplicant, he begged the
protection of him who was King of
kings and Lord of all. I hear George
Washington turn to his old friend, Dr.
Crack, and say, "I die hard, but I am
not afraid to die." Why? Because the
Christ who had been his guide through
life was his comforter in death. Oh,
my brothers and sisters, would that we
might one and all have the same di
vine re-enforcement In life's struggles
that George Washington had. Would
that we might be able to use the cross
as a magnetic compass to guide us over
the - troubled sea of time into the
smooth, unruffled sea of eternity.
Thus we draw near to the close of
the earthly career of this greatest of
all Americans. His life and death in
one sense shall in all probability be
just the same as our life and death.
He longed - earnestly and intensely
longed-for the time when he could re
turn to the beautiful fields of his dearly
beloved Mount Vernon. When that de
lightful day at last seemed near, he
wrote those happy words: "I have re
tired from all public employments and
shall tread the paths of private satis
faction. Envious of none, I am deter
mined to be pleased with all, and this,
my dear friend, being the order of my
march, I will move gently down the
stream of life until I sleep with my fa
thers." But, alas, alas, less than three
years after George Washington return
ed to his beautiful Mount Vernon there
was heard a rustle in the air. The
death angel flew down and knocked at
his door, and within 'a few hours he
was gone. So with our lives. We may
look forward to a happy and glorious
earthly twilight, but in all probability
life for all of us means continued work
to the. close. It will mean hard work
clear up to the end. Then when our
work is done, whether well or poorly
done, God will call us, and we must
go. We shall go in all probability as
George Washington went-quickly, un
expectedly, with hardly a warning.
May we one and all live as he lived.
Be able to die as he died. Live In the
hearts of those with whom we hdve
come In contact; live as Waishington
has been-a blessed "father of many
nations."
(Copyright, 1103. by Louis IKlopsch.j
Make of Religion an Umbrella.
When the bishop of Colorado, Dr.
Sanford Olnisted, was rector of the
Church of St. Asaph. at Bala, Pa., his
ready wit made him at once the ad
miration and the fear of the people of
the neighborhood.
There is a fashionable golfy and rid
ing club at Bala, with grounds that ad
join those of the little church, and it
happened on a certain afternoon, when
Dr. Olmsted was holding a special serv
ice, that a number of golfing clubmen
were caught in a drenching shower and
hurried for shelter into the church.
They entered with a great clatter of
their golf sticks axid with much sup
pressed chuckling and hard breathing.
Their noise and their gay sporting at
tire made a jarring note on the sim
plicity of the service. But Dr. Olmsted
paid no heed to them till the end of his
sermon. Then he said with a smile:
"We have heard of people who make
a cloak of religion. Now we know that
there are others who make of religion
an umbrella."
Bret Ha rte.
Apropos of the filing of the will of
Bret Harte in London, M. A. P. says:
"It is a surprise that the greatest of all
American short story writers sLonil
have left so little money, for. apart
from what be made by his books, his
serial rights were very valuable. I re
member the editor of the Idler remark
ing to me some years ago that every
thousand words Bret iHarte liked to
write for a magazine could be ch a-id
for 20 sovereigns as easily as a Ban
of England note for that arount. It is
curious that his son shf uld hiav 1
ceived the name Francis. which his is:
ther had practically dropped. instead of
the other Christian name by which hl;
father was known all over the English
speaking world:"