HARDSCRABBLE HOUSE
The tog Cabin Built by Gen
eral Grant Near St. Louis.
TO BE PRESERVED AS IEMORIAL
An Exposition Director Buy* the
Humble Early Home of the Famous
General and Will Re-erect It m
Fair Grounds.
[Special Correspondance.]
St. Louis, March 31.-Notable among
the historic attractions at the Louisi
ana Purchase expositien will be Hard
scrabble House, the log cabin built
and occupied by General Grant, which
has lately been purchased by C. F.
Blanke, an exposition director, and
will be re-erected in Forest park, where
it is planned to have it remain as a
pbrmanent memorial to the famous
soldier, particularly recalling the dark
days when he was struggling against
adverse fate to make a living for him
self and family as a Missouri farmer.
No more striking will the contrast
be between this humble little cabin of
logs hewn by his own hands and the
HARDSCHABBLE.
[General Grant s log cabin as it looks
today.]
towering and gorgeous palaezs of the
world's fair than was the contrast in
the conditions of the wan who within
a decade from the time he left Hard
scrabble cabin well nigh penniless and
a recognized failure as a farmer
stepped into the White House at Wash
ington as the chief executive of the
nation. But some tremendously sig
nificant events occurred in that decade
in which the one time poor and al
most despondent farmer played a con
spicuous part. Of these events all the
wo ld knowk. Perhaps It does not
know so much of the long, tedious.
heartsickening years of struggle which
this primitive log structure represents.
"Hardscrabble House," which Ulys
ses S. Grant chose to call the first home
of his own, was built by hig own hands
in the tall of 1855 en a portion pf the
state of Colonel Frederick Dpet, his
father4a-law, out on the old Gravels
road sine miles from this city, where
it stood for nearly ,half a century. The
place was appropriately named, for
here young Grant, who had Just re
signed from the array after having
graduated From West Point and fought
bravely through the Mexican war, had
a hard scrabble to support himself and
family. A tow years before his resig
tatiop, then a gallant young lieutenant
tsationed at Jefferson barracks, he had
courted and marries the daughter of
Colonel Dent. Later he was trans
tsered to sacket's Harbor. N. Y. sub
sequently to Fort Vancouver, on the
northern Pacifi coast, and thence to
Fort Humboldt, Cal., 200 miles above
ean Francisco. His pay as an army
eolfcer was small, much less than army
officers of the same rank receive to
day. He could not take his wife and
little son, now General Frederick Dent
Grant, around the Horn to his distant
post, and in those days a Journey
across the continent was for them out
of the question. He sent Mrs. Granit
and the child to his father's home In
Ohio, and shortly after his departure a
second son was born. Later Mrs. Grant
and her children went to live at White
Haven, her birthplace, the home of
Colonel Dent.
But the young soldier loved his wife
and babies, and the separation from
them was unendurable. So while sta
tioned on the Pacific coast in April,
1854, on the very day he had received
a captain's coalseission. he tendered
his resignation froin the army, to take
effect the last 'day of the 'July follow
ing. At the expiration of that time he
started east, going first. fo his early
home in Ohio. where he seems to have
been received rather coldly by his fa
ther, who is said to have.been deeply
humiliated by his eldest son's retire
ment from the military service, in
which he had expected him to win glo
ry and renown. These came later. But
that Is another story.
After a brief visit with 5 hls parents
Captain Grant came to it. Louis and
rejoined his family at Colonel Dent's
home. Thirty-two yea ot age. with a
wirfand two cilli one of whom he
had Asler se, ;= -baedoned the
ý ~ ~ a .. "tn ts pay and
was tad writhout a cent.
Thus _ apan fOrent began-the as
hoes;. Colons Debt
+ a °Itract of about eighty
S aemte for hi use.
Ssin Sire Grant a deed to the
fply, fo Julia's sake, gave
4hh nwar veteran permission
"take m-and do what you can with
It" Colamel Dent, like Jesse Grant,
was not well pleased with the man
who had married his daughter. The
colonel was a southerner, of considera
ble means, a successful, substdntial
cit:sen. Old neighbqrs of the Dents
slrpel -o tr -
need Goloel tst A sentord
captain. It was sufficient that his wife
loved him and approved of his course
and cheerfully shared his hardships.
That winter and the next spring and
summer he cut wood, plowed for
wheat, hoed corn, bound wheat bei i,1
the keen cradles of his father-in-law s
darky slaves and was a farmer's man
of all work. Hie had worked on a
farm In his boyhood and was not
ashamed of honest toil.
In the late fall of 1855, the harvest
over, Grant began the work of cutting
trees from which to hew the timbers
of the log house that was to be hie
home. He worked early and late. Oak
and elm fell before his onslaught. He
fought it out on that line all the
fall and at last was ready for "the
raisin'."
There are many venerable citizens
of St. Louis who recall with fond recol
lection the house raisings of those old
days. When the pioneer had hewed his
logs and hauled them to the site of his
future home, he went through the coun
tryside notifying his neighbors that
upon a certain day "the raisin' bee"
would take place. lIright and early
came the neighbors to assist the house
builder In raising the timbers into place.
There was a dinner spread on the
ground, and hard eider and ginger cakes
kept the workers cheerful.
The Grant house raising bee was not
a whit different in its immediate as
pect from others of that time, though
the historical -significance was vastly
different. The neighbors, who on that
autumn day helped to put in place the
heavy timbers for Grant's humble
home, had high respect for "the cap
tain," because he was known to them
as a veteran of the Mexican war and
as a former officer of the regular army.
They respected hit also because he
was a hard worker like themselves and
a good family man. They liked him
for his manly qualities.
After the logs were in place Grant
laid the floors and helped a carpenter
to fit the window frames. Hle alko did
the greater part of the shingling and
built the stairway that leads to the
two big, low rooms in the gable roof.
When completed. Grant. moved his
family into tie house, and it was their
home for about three years. His fa
ther-in-law's big white house. ý man
sion in those days, bore a name of its
own. Grant gave his cabin a distinctive
name. "We'll call it Hardscrabble." he
said, possibly wondering how thd mas
ter of White Haven would like the
name. º
And it was hard scrabbling for Grant
during the next few years. He was a
tireless worker. He plowed and sowed
and'reaped. He cut cordwood and sold
it on the streets of St. Louis. In the
city he sometimes met old army associ
ates, who sneered at the shabby look
ing farmer. Grant appeared not to no
tice the sneers. He was trying to make 1
a living for kis family. In the big log i
cabin was a busy housewife, surround
ed by her children, and that was home,
something he never knew when he was t
in the army.
This life went on, a humdrum life ex.
cept for wife and babies. Grubbing,
hoeing, hauling, Grant began to grow
old apparently. He permitted his beard
to grow, so that he looked much older
than he was1 Perhaps he felt old. It is
known that be made but little head
way in his farming and that he was
deeply discouraged, but he made little
complaint. His health failed, he caught
chills and fever and grew sallow, see
lag nothing in prospect but the same
sort of patient, pitiless, unremunerative
toil. He was almost beaten. but not
quite.
In 187 Mrs. Dent died, and Colonel
Dent ,removed to St. Louls. Captain
Grant was placed in charge of White
Haven, moving out of the dear old cab
in. Hardecrabble. He was in control
of the negro slaves. A historian of the
ii
I'
HOUSE WHERE GENERAL Gi ANT WAS MAR
RIED.
period says: "He was a poor slave driv
er, however. The negroes did pretty
much as they pleased."
Late in 1858. racked with ague, he
gave up farming altogether and went
into. the real -estate business in St.
Louis, in which he was no more suc
eesaful than he had been Irs a tiller of
the soil. In 1800, apparently a defeat
ed man, he went to work as a clerk at
150 a month in his father's leather
store in Galena, Ill. Then came the
civil war, #nd what happened then
need not be here recounted.
Hardscrabble House remained the
property of General Grant until 1884,
when Ferdinand Ward wrecked the
firm of Grant &C Ward, and it was
turned over to William H. Vanderbilt,
one of his largest creditors. Mr. Van
derbilt sold it to Luther Conn, who in
1881 arid It to Edward Joy, a real es
tate dealer of this city. Mr. Joy moved
the cabin to Old Orchard, three miles
from its original site, where it now
stands in a well preserved condition.
Mr. Blanke, who lately purchased it
ftron Mr. Joy, has arranged to move
tee qtraetnee to the world's fair site
a jebiiit upon a loettlonk to he
THE BOYS IN GRAY.
NEW ORLEANS AWAITS THEIR COM
ING WITH OPEN ARMS.
Generous Preparations of the Cres
cent City For the Annual Reunion
of the United Confederate Veter
ans' Association.
[Special Correspondence.)
New Orleans, March 31.-The Cres
cent City will welcome with open arms
and generous hearts the men who wore
the gray in the civil war when they
come here in May next for the annual
reunion of the United Confederate Vet
erans' association. Famed for its hos
pitality and many attractions and
abounding in traditions dear to the
southern heart, New Orleans is an es
pecially fitting place for the old sol
J OU
GENERAL JOHN A. GOiIDON.
I diers to rekin'li' their ciinpiires and
renew their Tnetaories of thi lattlefield
and bivouae. As New Orbiil is is now
in many respocis the tBoit iu)iortant
city in the new south, so it was at the
opening of the war the' chif city of the
Southern Confederecy, and, though it
early tell into the hands of the federal
government, its heart h);tt wermly for
the southern enuse. It iv tnssed its,
homes depleted of thousands and thou
sands of brave men who left their fam
ilies and their belongings to take up
arms in a cause for which they were
ready to sacriflce everything most dear.
Thousands went, thousands remained
away, and the ones who returned to
take up the burdens they had dropped
at the first call and who have survived
the vicissitudes of fortune and of fate
during the long interim stand ready to
welcome to their homes and affections
their old time comrades in arms. It is
the determination of the ok' soldiers of
the Crescent City to make this the
most enjoya le and successful reunion
the survivos of the army of the Con
federacy ever held, and in this they
will be supported and assisted by the
people of the city of New Orleans, all
of whom will anxiously count the days
until they can number the entire host
of old Confederate veterans as their
loved and honored guests.
The material side of the reception to
the United Confederate Veterans Is rap
idly assuming a definite and tangible
form. The city has pledged a fund of
$100,000, which will be expended in
providing adequate entertainment both
of body and of mind during the several
days of the convention.
Colonel J. A. Harral, aid-de-camp on
the staff of General John B. Gordon
and chairman of the press committee,
a committee .omposed of the newspa
per men of the city, announces that the
entire situation has been carefully con
sidered and that the local forces are
moving quietly, yet rapidly, In an ag
gregate effort to the end that nothing
may be found wanting when the dawn
of the reunion heralds the arrival of
the old gray clad heroes. From Colonel
Harral it Is learned that the railroads
centering in New Orleans are making
every arrangement necessary for the
handling of the members of the 1,500
camps which comprise the entire or
ganization of the veterans and that ex
ceptionally low rates of transportation
will be offered.
The committee on accommodation has
arranged for a system of "room list
Ing," which in addition to the accom
modation provided by the hotels will
enable the visitors to be taken care of
without the annoying waits so fre
quent on occasions of the kind under
consideration. Arrangements have been
made through the kindness of the
United States government officials for
a large number of army tents, which
will be pitched within the inclosure of
the fair grounds, one of the finest loca
tions in the city, well drained and pro
vided with conveniences which will
make the "canvas city" one of the most
desirable features of the reunion.
An auditorium will be erected on the
fair grounds of sufficient size to accom
modate the estimated number of veter*
ans, where the sessions of the associa
tion will be held.
Elaborate plans have been made for
the entertainment of the veterans, and
In addition to competitive drills and
military parades in which a number of
companies from other states will par
ticipate a grand ball will be given dur
ing the convention.
= It is expected that a large number of
representatives from the newspapers
will I e present during the reunion.
The great enthusiasm of the people
of New Orleans in regard to this com
ing reunion makes it beyond peradven
ture that the occasion ivill be most de
lightful from all points of view, and
the municipal authorities, acting as a
unit with the citizens generally, will
pave the way for a series of pleasant
recollections and fix the claims of New
Orleans and its people upon the good
graces anid loyal sentiment of the old
FOR HOME WEAR.
Pretty and Serviceable Gowns 34
Mohair In High Favor.
[Special Correspondence.]
Wew York, March 30.--The great ma
jority of women pass the greater part
of their time at home in spite of the
common cry that they live more away
from the domestic shrine than in it.
and so it behooves them to have many
neat and dainty as well as sensible
and serviceable home dresses suitable
for everyday wear.
The reason that the Frenchwomen
are always so well dressed is because
they take pains to have enough oP
dinary home dresses to spare their best
ones. It Is a desirable art to be able
to look well dressed at home of all
times so that if any chance visito#
should happen in he or she need not
wait a long time that the lady may
doff an old and shabby dress and put
on one for show. The true gentlewo
man always looks neat and nice in
the privacy of her own home.
The old new mohair In the pretty col
ors and black of this season makes the
nicest of home frocks for ordinary
wear, and a gown of it is quite fine
enough for any one. The simpler such
a dress is made the more genuine sat
isfaction it gives and the longer it re
mains fresh. Still there is no reason
why such a garment cannot be devel
oped in a more ornate style. Mohair
is so lustrous and bright that it re
quires little trimming. and what t
does lhive should be applied more to
tone it down than to add to its bril
liancy.
In the illustration is a very pretty
Lomwdres of gray mohair. The skirt
has several rows of souta-lie braid in
gray, one shade dark-er. set on in short
scallops. The skirt fits closely- a round
the hips, but flares widely below. The
waist is quite pltin in the back. but
has a aelt. while ill front it formts :in
open blouse effect, with a full silk vest
in a soft rseda green. There are I -
peIs overlaid with loeu y white latn.
The sleeves are rather close bishl t
shape, which adapts thetm to ho1 e
wear most admiral 1y. For with the
wide sluees almost any kind of work,
sewing or anything requiring active
use of the hands, is impossible
This would not be half a bad design
to follow- in making up some of the
wash fabrics. It is not always easy to
find a design so practical. If one
wished it a little more ornamental, all
there would need to make it so would
be to add a flounce or a row or two of
good strong washable lace. There is
madras cloth mercerized so that it has
the sheen and gloss of rich silk, with
dainty stripes in all sorts of colors and
tints. The trimming to this material
may be entirely of itself, cut and strap
stitched on the bias. Thf) is very neat
and serviceable.
There are also mercerized panama
sultings, all really desirable. Some of
this looks like the finest silk taffeta
and is shown in plain color, stripes,
arabesque designs, medallions and
scrolls. Some is very Persian in color
ing, but Lost of It is in the tints and
in pale We. green. silver agry and a
rich tan. All of these come up beauti
fully with lace as a trimming.
Basket cloth, cotton voiles and organ
dies are all made so that they are as
suitable for the home dress as for the
PRETTY MOHAIR HOME DRBSS.
street. The self respecting lady will
have her house gowns as pretty as she
can with a view to their utility.
It is a matter for sincere congratula
tion that the black silks are in such
high favor for the season ,just now
opening. The lighter as well as the
heavier qualities are seen and are al
most equally desirable, for if the taf
fetas, loulsines, pongees and lib4rties
are thinner they are also less expen
sive and lighter to wear. The richer
silks, like peau de sole, peau de cygne
and moire velours, make heavy dress
es, and one must hold them up or have
them destroyed by the dust. And they
cost a lot. With a black taffeta skirt
prettily made, a dainty white waist
and a black lace bolero, a sentimental
flat Tuscan hat with a drooping wreath
of tiny blossoms and a parasol which
looks like a bunch of sea fog gathered
upon it a woman is equipped for con
quest.
The black silks for summer skirts
are made of taffeta, shanghai, silk
crape, crepe royale, silk iron fran'
grenadine, habutais and a novelty in
satin crepe de chine. This list does not
Include the heavier silks mentioned
mbeye OLIVE HARPER.
BQWERS' DRUGS .
Igo. to Aug. .1. oIgel.
Books, Stationery, * Toilet + ArticIe
and Fancy Goods.
Manufactueer *f Fiatoring Extracts, Pure Soda and Mm.
slat W.term. Agents for Smith-Preiniar Typewriters.
Fresh Garden Seed.
Prescritii*e ca iPt um ispoud(Ied with the best and
trug.. All ?UYe ayg.eciated a(d orders given pro }
FREh *". BOWERS. Proprietor.
C. C. Hardman & Co.,
W$ohsa d Retail Dealer in
LUMBER, SHINGLES, SASH
Doers, Mtinds and General House
Finishing Goods.
office and Salesrooms Corn-r Spring and Crockett.
Lumber Yard Corner Lake and McNeil
SHREVEPORT, LA.
They are here at last==
OUlR GASOLINE STOVES.
Remember we have now a complete line If th ( be t ;."1ne Stoves on
The
'INSURANCE NATIONAL."
'iears of experience ve proven the ah c v e : "le Pest on
T h e v a r e n o w o n e x h i bi tio n . C a ll, e x : 11 11 1 a n d p r a n d liu w ill b u y
F. MARTEL & SON,
Phone 555. 211 Texas
Gardeners and Truck Farms
TAKE NOTICE!
WVe have received our new crop T. & W. Brand Challenge Field and
den Seeds from Northern and Eastern seed farms. This seed
strong germinating powers, produces vigorous plants which insures an
dant harvest and means more money in your pockets if you buy this
Write for catalogue and ask for special prices on Seed Corn, Oats,
Barley, Wheat, Amber and Orange Cane Seed, Alfalfa, Clocer, Millet
Seed Potatoes, or send us your order. We guarantee satisfaction.
108 Texas St. LUSTEN & WEIL
%YIIEN IN NEED OF ANY
Fancy or Staple Grocer
FISH, OYSTERS, FRUIT,
or anything in our line, phone or send us your orders. We will
prompt delivery and the very best quality at the lowest prices, Cad
take a look at our new line of Fancy goods just received.
The I. X. L. Grocery Co.:.
512 and 514 Texas St. Phones 87 and 164.
Orton Hotel % Restaur
4PEN DAY AND- NIGHT.
Regular Meals Served,
Best in the City, - -
SHORT ORDERS A SPECIALTY.
SPECIAL ATTENTION TO OPERA TROUPES.
ELEGANT ROOMS-.BATH CONNECTION.
70t-3-5-7 Texas Street. Corner of Louisiana.
EXCLUSIVELY WHOLLSA\LE DEAXLERS IN
Dry Goods, Notions, Boots, Sh
and Hats.
510, 512 and 5i4 Lexee S'reitt \Ne 'so 1 Office 77 Franklin Sr
S. B. HICKS, Presitlent.' VAI. iLE HIK 'ce Presi
$'.J ~ZI. ASL, Sacrelarv-Treaatirer.
D)IREC!ORS.
YAL.E HICKS, S. Ii. HICKS, J. II ((YS\J1AN W .F C
W.4 SCOVE~t G. II STEVl\SON.
THE WOlKS COMPANY
(LIMITElD.]
WIIOL?3AtLS GROCFER5
anU COTTON FACTOR
Jilice and $'archouse Corner Opriiit and~ Trast s Streets, and
~Ve want ous merchant friends ony the counltry
know that our plant is brand new and up to no0W
all respects, and all printing entrusted to us will
turned out promptly and in the very latest style.
THEE CAUCASIAN.