HORSEBACK DINNERs
*..sts Will Be Mounted on Steeds Wiath
Tables on the Saddle4.
New York, March 27.-C. K. G. Bill
ings, the Chicago horseman, will give
a novel dinner to thirty-five members
of the Equestrian club The dinner
is to be in celebration of the opening
of Mr. BPlings' $206,000 stable in this
city, and will be served on horseback.
each guest having in front of him on
his saddle a table, on which will be
placed the various courses. Beside
each horse there is to be a waiter to
serve the rider and at each horse's
head a groom will stand, lest a sudden
start soil! rider and dinner together.
It is estimated that the cost of the
dinner, which will he given in the car
riage room of the new stable, will
be approximaately $100 a plate.
PASTOR ON STAND.
testifies as to Statements Made by Mrs.
Hull and Late Mr. Burdick.
Buffalo, N. Y., March 27.-The gen
eral belief in the Burdick case is that
nothing in the nature of material evi
dence bearing directly upon the mure
der of Burdiek will be forthcoming.
Rev. L. M. Powers testified that
Mrs. Hull and Burdick were' members
of his church congregation. On two
separate occasions he had talked with
Mr. Burdick in regard to his do
mestic affairs. He said that Mrs, Hull
had told him her daughter had left
home and suit for divorce was pend
ing. She said her daughter was not
without fault, but was not alone to
blame. Mrs. Hull was Burdick's
mother-in-law.
On the first occasion that he visited
Burdick he walked up home with him,
so that he was with him about an
hour. Burdick told him about every
thing that had come out in this exam
ination.
"What did he tell you that has not
come out?"
"He told me Pennell threatened to
commit suicide If the divorce suit was
not withdrawn and that Pennell was
succeeding in Impressing the sincerity
of his threat upon Mrs. Burdick to
such an extent that she had believed
him and induced Burdick to go to
Pennell and tell him that if he would
get out of town he would call every
thing square. I think he said Pennell
had given him a written promise to
leave town. He told me that he had
made up his mind to make public all
letters Pennell had written Mrs. Bur
dick and he impressed upon me how
ridiculous it would make Pennell ap
pear." t
Rev. Mr. Powers recently made a
statement over his signature defend
ing Mrs. Hull and accusing Pennell,
then dead, of the murder of Burdick.
It Is said, however, that it was not so
much on account of this accusation
that he w.s subpoenaed, but because
he was Burdick's pastor.
Looking for Mills.
Pittsburg, Pa., March 27.-At the re
quqst of the Buffalo police, authorities
of this city are trying to locate Edwin
M. Mills. a former resident of Buffalo,
who is wanted in connection withtthe
murder of Edwin L. Burdick. The
police are looking for a man whom
they suspect of having brought a wo
man to Buffalo who acted as a decoy
in an attempt to lure B rdick to a
house where evidence could be secured
which would block his suit for divorce.
The telegram stated 'that Mills has
been in the city for several days, and
that he was thought to be stopping at
one of the principal hotels.
TRIO DROWNED.
Two of the Parties Were to Have Dee.
Married Withia Two Weeks.
Caruthersville, Mo.. March 27.-Wal'
ter Chism,. Luther Owen and Miss Jen
ale George were drowned' In Pemis
cott bayou, Ark., eighteen miles south
from here, while returning from
prayer-meeting in a canoc. Their craft
overturned. All the bodies have been
recovered. Miss George and Owens
were to be married within a fortnight.
Owens' body Is held awaiting relatives
from Kentucky, his home.
FIRST OF THE KIND.
Uaiontzation of Japanese and Mexlcan
Laborors Has Been Efboted.
Los Angeles. Cal., March 27.-Los
Angeles County Council of Labor has
adopted resolutions endorsing the no
tion of the state organizer In effecting
the unionization of Japanese and Mex
ican laborers at Oxnard. The council
adopted a further resolution havoring
unionization of all unskilled Asiatic
and other alien laborers in Los An
geles. Local labor leaders state this
is the first time a union labor organ
ization has gone on recprd in any way
favoring Asiatic labor.
Named After Dison.
Mobile, Ala., March 27.-A camip of
Sons of Confederate Veterans has been
organized here with a large member
ship. It is named it honor of Georgo
Dixop, who lost his life in Charleston
harbor on the ill-fated torpedo boat
Confederacy while blowing up the
United States ship Housatonic.
Probable Archbishops.
Rome March 26--It is considered
most probable that the Rt. Rev. 'John
J. Glennon, coadjutor bishop of Kan
sas City,' will be appointed coadjutor
archbishop of St. Louis, and that the
Rt. Rev. Henry Moeller, bishop of
Coluabms. will be appointer coadjutor
archbishop of Cincinnati.
Cattlmen at Chtdsrees,
*Cbildrees, Tex., March 27.-The
fourth annual convention of the Pan
bandle Cattlemens' convention was
held here and much bueiness transact.
handle Cattlemen's enavention was
made. The exhibit of attle was ex
eolent, the animals belag in prime
esaditlon,
-a iai t.- Te.
St46 3fv 1 ~ oebn
WIRELESS TRIUMPHS
HIGHLY SUCCESSFUL UNDERTAKING
ON THE PACIFIC COAST.
e
One System That Has Been In Com.
mercial Use For Nearly Six Months.
1 How the Interception of Messages
Is Prevented.
[Special Correspondence.]
Santa Catalina Island, Cal., March 28.
*W-hiile other places nave wireless tel
egraph stations, it is the boast of the
Santa Catalina islanders that their lo
cality possesses the first station in the
world to be put to practical commer
cial uses. For nearly six months wire
less messages have been sent across
the bay of Avalon from White's point
to this island, a distance of almost thin
PACIFIC WIRELESS TELEGRAPH STATION.
ty-three miles. During this time over
3,000 communications have been made,
yet not one'complaint has been made
of error or delay. As a .result of this
success stations will sob n be estab
lished all along the Pacific coast from
Los Angeles to Alaska. Furthermore,
plans are being laid for wireless con- I
nections between the United States I
and the Hawaiian Islands.
The system used here differs mate
rially from that of Marconi, one of the 1
principal points of difference being the .
absence of the coherer used by Mar- 1
conl to pick up the electric waves. In
a recent Interview the originator of the
system said that he had discovered in 1
l California the presence of a great deal I
of atmospheric electricity, which would I
affect the coherer similarly to the elec. I
trie impulse sent ont from the trans- I
mitting station. For this reason he I
had been compelled to substitute for I
the coherer a device which would over- 1
come the atmospheric interference.
This device is in the nature of a very
sensitive receiver, responding more
quickly than the coherer does. From
fifteen to twenty words a minute are
now sent, thanes to this device, and
improvements are expecteA to double
this rate "of speed. W
The equipment of the Catalina is
land station Is much like that of the
well known Marconi stations. It con
sists of an engine and a dynamo, In
duction coil, Morse keg, spark balls and
mast. The current is opened and
closed through the. induction coil by
the manipulation of the sending key,
and the operator, using the Morse al
phabet, transmits his message through
the ether just as he would over the tel
egraph wire, it being received by sound
on the receiving instrument in the sta
tion whither It has been sent.
W. G. Sener, the man in charge of
the station on this island, was for near
ly twenty years telegraph operator and
train dispatcher for the Pennsylvania
railroad. He is enthusiastic over the
success already attained by wireless
methods. What particularly pleases
him is the fact that the Pacific system
has found a way of providing for se
crecy in the sending of messages. As
explained by Mr. Sener, an outside sta
tion has to be in exact tune or vibra
tion with the sending station in order
to intercept the ether waves, and, as
the sending station has found a way
of changing the vibration every sec
ond, if,necessary, it would be extreme
ly difficult for the outside station to re
ceive messages other than those in
tended for it.
According to Mr. Sener. climatic
changes do not have a noticeable -effect
on wireless telegraphy as practiced on
the coast, with the exception that while
it is raining or is very foggy the mes
sages seem to come more clearly. The
Importance of this Is evident, for it
greatly enhances the value of the wire
less for marine work.
Similarly the running'of trains dur
ing or after a severe storm will be
greatly facilitated, and already the
Southern Pacific Railroad company is
experimenting with the system with a
View of ultimately substituting it for
the regular telegraphlc method used in
train dispatching. An experimental
cay has been fitted up, and stations are
to be established at Omaha, Ogden,
Salt Lake City and -other cities. It
will he seen that If this is proved fea
sm.e the rallroads of the country will
hoAesd trom the costly wrecks that
iwy been as frequent of resent years.
C}a..s ` $ 8 14.
3 COSTUMES FOR EASTER.
Pretty Things In Neckwear - Why
3 Fagoting I. Popular.
[Special Correspondence.]
New York, March 23.-As Easter ap
proaches, new fashions are shown ev
ery waking minute, and I imagine they
are seen over again in dreams, for they
are too beautiful to forget even in
slumber. Not only are the principal
things reviewed in slumber, but the
many accessories to the toilets as well
-gloves, shoes, hosiery, lingerie and all
the lovely things in neckwear.
A very important part of the acces
sories for this season is found in the
- new neckwear. There are lace caps.
- called pelerines, made of yak or mohair
lace. This is rather harsh, but very
t effective and showy. The meshes are
open, and the motif is well defined.
The color of the dress shows through
it. These cape collars, or collar capes,
reach quite to the waist line, but they
are finished off at the throat and have
no stock effect. They close at the
throat, and if the fair wearer has a
topaz pin it is now the style to use it
to fasten the cape.
Very long stole effects are produced
in some of the designs. and the ends
not infrequently reach the feet. 4en
er-lly this particular piece is made of
fine batiste, with insets and edging of
Irish crocet. which maintains its pop
ularity. Stocks, which are almost the
same shape and kind as those of a year
ago, are made of featherbone and silk
muslin, and the lace is then set on,
mostly in small designs, but of coarse
mesh. This makes extremely elegant
neckwear., particularly when there are
fancy bows and ends of pretty ribbon
or a tucked mull. scarf. Sometimes
these scarfs are edged with fancy che
nille or ball fringe. Stocks are more
becoming to some persons than most
things, and there are so many different
fancies that it would be unprofitable
to mention any of them. One may say,
however, that the same shape of turn
overs is still in- vogue, and everything
seems to be employed to develop some
thing new in that shape. Some are
tucked, others hemstitched, more em
broidered with wheels or floral designs
in white or in colors. Grapes and black
berries are still popular;
Fagoting is fully as well liked as
last season, and many beautiful stocks
and collars are made of this work join
ing fine castle braid. One reason why
fagoting is so much liked is because it
must be done by hand. and in these
days hand work is at a premium. That
is also why the waists and other hand
embroidered garments are so desired
and so very expensive. We have been
told until even I almost believed it
that the ladies of the Six Hundred em
broidered the most of their owp gar
ments. - Lately I have happened to see
some of them buying their clothes, and
surely there could have been nothing
left to embroider. The most exquisite
hand work was bought in such quanti
ties that it made my eyes open wide.
And you can find everything possible
to Imagine all ready to make up.
There are set pieces intended for
yokes, belts, sleeve ornaments and
trimmings for waists. All one has to
do is to make the waist and put the
lace or embroidered trimming on. The
illustration shows how lace la applied
to a taffeta waist. The whole is lat
ticed with a row of narrow insertion
through which is run Tom Thumb rib
bon. The lace design is applied on the
FAGOTED WAIST AND LACE APPLIQtE.
bust and upper part of the sleeves and
the wrists. A stock is made of silk the
same shade as the Tom Thumb ribbon.
Fageting is shown in the other waist.
The garment is of black moire laid in
fine tucks all around except where
there are bias bands of black faille.
fagoting, too, or the moire with canary
silk. The same design is carried out
all through.
Among the handsomest of the silks
for waists is a new white in armure
effect, and nothing could be richer than
this trimmed with the lace sets provid
ed for the occasion. These motifs are
applied as best suits the wearer, but
many of the sets leave no choice in the
manner of application, as they are
planned especially for yokes, cuffs.
stocks or some other special purpose.
Matched embroideries are also offered
in beadings, insertions and set pieces.
These all go to make a perfect waist.
OLIVE HARPER.
Needs of Femininity.
"Yes, ladies," announced the phys
ical culturist, "you will be surprised at
the miracles my system can work. It
can increase your shoulder measure
ment several inches, add to your stat
ure and grace, give you"
"But," interrupted a fair pupil, "our
dressmakers, can do all that for us in
no time. What we want to know is
how to get a twenty-three inch waist
into a sixteen inch corset and a No. 5
lost into a No. 2 shoe without taking
bioroform."-I4fe.
ROOSEVELT'S CHURCH
THE NEW EOIFICE WHERE THE pRES
4ItNT WILL WORSHIP.
Handsome any IOmmo4iou* Stwee
eure 41 Supersede the Small en4
@rowded Chapel of *race Tietap*e
*4 lurch #n Washtngtoa.
[Special Coruespondence.]
Washington. March 23.-Tl bUnil n
i which President Roosevelt has w(
shiped since his inauguration is one
of the humblest church edifices in the
city. It is the modest chapel of (.race
Reformed church, located in *ifteesth
street, just opposite G street, anL was
built years ago, when the congregation
was small in numbers and door in
purse. 4t the time the plot of ground
wai purchased the finances of the
church would not permit the erection
of a large and costly edifice. so a sialt
chapel was built on the rear of the lot,
DI 7
NEW GRACE REFORMED CHURCH, WASH
INGTON.
the intention being to put up a fine
structure on the main portion of the
ground when it could be afforded. In
due season that time came, and the
new Grace church, now nearly com
pleted, will be dedicated within the
coming month.
This gratifying result has been large
ly accomplished through the zealous
efforts of the pastor. Rev. Dr. John 11.
Schick, though the project of building
a new church was advanced before his
pastorate began. It is pertinent also
to state that the proposition was adopt
ed long before President Roosevelt se
lected the church as his place of wor
ship, although his advent doubtless
helped along the project very material
ly.
The movement for a new church was
begun in 1899. Dr. Schick became the
pastor in 1900 and at once threw him
self into the work of increasing the
building fund. Twenty-five per cent
of it was raised before President Roose
velt's inauguration, but when he be
came a member of the church interest
in the proposed new building was
awakened throughout the church at
large, ahd many outside contributions
were received. When completed, the
church will have cost about $50,000.
The new Grace church will have a
feature entirely new in church archi
tecture In that the decorations on the
face of the structure will tell the his
tory of the Protestant reformation of
the sixteenth century. This idea origi
nated with Dr. Schick and was further
developed and completed by the archi
tect, Paul J. Pelz.
On either side of the central entrance
doors are the shields of Zurich and
Geneva, the places in which Ulric
Zwingli, the first proclaimer of the re
form in Switzerland. and John Calvin.
the master mind of the same reforma
tion, prosecuted their labors. In the ga
ble at the top is the shield of Frederick
III., the patron under whose auspices
the Heidelberg Catechism was prepar
ed. It is represented as supported by
a female figure, symbolizing the fact
that in the beginning of the denomina
tion's work in America it was support.
ed by the classis of Amsterdam of the
Reformed church in Holland. The two
supports of the label molding are heads
of the Swiss knight and the Swiss
burgher from whom this German Re
formed church sprang, and in the tym
panum of the two side entrances is a
representation of a lily growing under
thorns, to represent the martyr charac
ter of the reform party in the Protes
tant reformation of the sixteenth cen
tury.
This symbol has been used in all the
churches of this denomination to com
memorate the fact of the martyr char
acter and the sufferings endured by the
Reformed churches in their beginnings
and to express the confidence of the
followers of this faith in the triumph
of God's truth and life in spite of inim
ical environment and painful oppres
sion. On the front of the edifice ap
pears also the inscription "Grace Re
formed Church."
The need of a new and large place of
worship for the growing congregation
of Grace church has for some time
been urgent. The little chapel has
long been unable to accommodate more
than ,ilf of those who seek admission
each Sunday. When it was built, there
was no thought in the minds of the
projectors that one day its humble
roof would shelter the head of the re
public. It has a seating capacity of
only 175, and the membership alone is
200. One-third of the seating space is
devoted to visitors, and every Sunday
from 200 to 300 are turned away. The
pews in the new church will be free, as
they are in the little chapel, but one
will be reserved for the president and
his friends. SAMUEL HUBBARD.
Lesser EVIL
Quinn-So you do not object to hear
ing Charlie. Callow swear on the golf
links?
De Fonte--No. When he is swearing,
he is not toring us with that Scotch
dislect.-Cheago News.
S. B. HICKS. President. YALE HICKS, Vi
W. '. CHASE, Secsetary-Treasurer. 14
A)tRECTORS.
PAuL WICk., 9. 1. HI1CK5. F. It. GOSMAN, W .F.
T. n. SCOVELL. G. It. STEVENSON.
THEHICK3 COMPA
WIIOLE5ALE GROCERS
"nd COTTON FACTO
c.ct tIW WO&hog r rr Striug and Travis Streets, and
texas alm6 %-ormerec Wrees.
We want out fterdhant friends in the coun
know that our plant is brand new and up to n
all respects, #nrd ol printing entrusted to us
turned out promptly and in the very latest sty
THE CAUCASIAN.
BOWE~RS' DRUGSTOR
See. to Aug. J. Bogel.
Books., Stationery, + Toilet +Art
arnd Fancy Goods.
Manufacturer of Flavoring Extracts, Pure Soda and
.ral Waters. Agents for Smith-Premiar Typewriters
Fresh Garden Seed.
Prescriptions carefully compounded with the best and
drugs. All favors appreciated and orders given p
attention.
FRED W. BOWERS. Proprietor.
C. C. Hardman & Co,
Wholesale and Retail Dealer ir
LUMBER, SHINGLES, SAS
Doors, Blinds and General House
Finishing Goods.
Office and Salesrooms Corner Spring and Crockett.
Lumber Yard Corner Lake and McNeil
SHREVEPORT, LA.
They are here at last==
OUR GASOLINE STOVES.
R'emember we have now a complete line of the best Gasoline Stoves o
The
"INSURANCE NATIONAL."
Years of experience Iwve proven the above assertion, "The Best on
They are now on exhibition. Call, ex amine and price, and yiu will buy
Fe MARTEL & SON,
Phone 55$. 211 Texas
Gardeners rnd Truck Farme
WAKE NOTICE!
We have received our new crop T. & W. Brand Challenge Field and
den Seeds from 11orthern and Eastern seed farms. This seed
strong germinating powers, produces vigorous plants which insures an -
dant harvest and means more money in your pockets if you buy this
Write for catalogue and ask for special prices on Seed Corn, Oats,
Barley, Wheat, Amber and Orange Cane Seed, Alfalfa, Clocer, Millet
Seed Potatoes, os send us your order. lTe guarantee satisfaction.
108 Texas St. *IISTEN & WEIL.
WHI1EN IN NEED OF ANY
Fancy tr .Staple Uroceri,
StSH, OYSTERS, FRUIT,
or anything in our line, phone of send us your orders. We will give
prompt delivery and the very ¶est quality at the lowest prices. Call
take a look al our new line of Fancy goods just received.
The t. X. L. Grocery Co.,
512 and 514 Texas St. Phones 87 and 164.
Orton Hotel ^N, Restaura
tPER DAY AID NIGHT.
Regular Meals Served, 25
Best in the City, - -
SHORT ORDERS * SPIARTY.
SPECIAL 4TTENTION TO OPERA TROUPES.
ELEGANT &ROOMTSaRB i74 W)\NECTIO'.
701-3-5-? Texas Street, Corner of Louisiana.
The Plorhi Ris ryos o
EXCLUSIVElt W)IOiOTES.LE IEALERS IN
Dry ioods, N'otions, Boots, Sh
and Hats.
510, 512 and 514 Levee Street. New York Office 77 Franklin