THE CAUCASIAN.
Official Journal of the
City of Shreveport.
THURSDAY, FEB. 26, 1903.
"TYRANNICAL SELFISHNESS."
In an editorial in its issue of Sun
day, February 15. the New Orleans
States hurled a philippic at Mr. Bryan,
under the caption quoted-"Tyrannical
Selfishness." What has been MIr. Bry
an's offense? Why should he have been
raked fore and aft mercilessly? Is it
because he declined to attend a meet
ing or a conference or a "dining" at
which Mr. Cleveland was invited? Is
it not Mlr. Bryan's privilege and his
right to accept or reject an invitation,
or to decline attendance at a gathering
where his views, or his presence would
not be congenial; where, perhaps, his
absence would be better appreciated
than his presence? It is our candid
opinion that the expressions of the
States were ill-timed and are not sug
gestive of harmony and unity, except it
be in accordance with the Cleveland
view'of harmony. The States has de
clared that "Mr. Bryan stands alone
#rapped in the solicitude of his own
vindictiveness." In what respect? Is it
because he has no sympathy with the
Clevelandites of the party and is frank
enough to not disguise it? Mr. Bryan
has announced that he is no candidate
for the presidential nomination, there
f-re the Clevelandites should be well
satisfied, but as the recognized leader
of the Democracy, which would have
triumphed if its defeat had not been
accomplished through the aid and as
sistance given McKinley by the sup
porumrs of Palmer-Buckner-gold-bug
Wall-street combine-Mr. Bryan has at
his back six millions and more of loyal
pemocrats who were true to the prin
ciples and to the teachings of their
party, true to the platform of the party,
true to the man who was nominated by
accredited, loyal Democrats in a con
vention of Democrats, where the rep
resentatives< were elected by Demo
crats to nomhzate a Democrat to .stand
on and carry out the dicletes of pin
ciales as enuneiated by that Democratic
sonvention?'Why, should the States in
Aawg in an effort to discredit "Bryan
ism"? Why sneer at Bryanisent? What
is ;ryani st? `u may retort it. is the
oppbsite o Clevelandism. What is the
Intent o -tettes ýhen it all des. to
Bry~an insthese Irds: `'If the -ie :
trae prtyip1z9 ad prctieed8 th
otcclusiont oicy w Biry Mr. &yan now
advAsates he :pld be *xday tesem
the lIao of the dfupct
Pdgnlitagaisaion no would he be
131 w position to so YvWAth fledgeoracy
. It must be-plain to Dem icres by
t is the tthat ift the iarty etve hopes
to ecoplih nytingitmutst ignore
Mr.Bryo"?Whyinfct uch venom
3us atteran ce3 in a pleading which
lhave been mild, geneons sag
aie .of armony and iovefl dimuty?
£ 3 the ste spirit of a"ta onism the six
naillios .np more of tryanitet and
p ist" Vbo supported Mr. Brya
agairst t levatd`Pal mer -Bnekcner.
hugd-hagWall-atree nd % Mr. Mcdin
ty combseto rmay"y retort: " It rem4
be plaiu to Democrat, by this tie that.
jfthe paty eever ,hopes to creemli~sh
auyfaing it assi igeore' Mfr. Ckvwfen4?
On ttis ~occssionz the States,, usl~y
tlieual ins its views, conservati#'e in its
expressions- is the. interests of Denkoc
'raoy, has permitted itt bias and its pro
indice to njsead it tointemlierate, in
harmniesredctiots wzhich are irri
tacts, and are calculated to arouse re
seatstepto h a sotofthe Dem irats, 1
siiaxmillion and m&te, who~ haxte been
oryfor the States.
Ort of the inc prehenuible an,]
ibgieal coedusions of meu, organized
on what should be well deined princi
- of right-equity and justice-is
heir frrational, uneqpml and unjust de
Visions. Which is the incentive, ignor
a ce or preju4 , or ltoth? t
't this littie round world of oars <s)
t h e ple -be-there is an ind
of alus odd be pitied,
it is t&e po iticips and the an baving
a eye. on iee :oltical "sof job."
Wbile other men (not politici'as or ,
* pech scme soft ioh) spkc* energet -
willy ad queptioss qi pub tc exedimeny,
in tat of nergpcy, the politician is
lit tttb ast bush:, end as dead us a
a rt boaet sa Ahuvid speak his
a- r~~e w of ure poiical r
wh olial
tss it wice a ;ark nd
Wa be as uw bo: "Whq cr Bll1
1et~erner
HOTEL HORROR
AT CEDAR RAPDS
A Number of Persons Victims
of a Conflagration.
TOTAL LIST
OF DEAD MANY.
Heartrending Scenes Witnessed by
Vast Multitudes.
FRENZIED GUESTS
LEAPED TO GROUND.
Nettle Curns the Head Waitress, Was
the Last Individual to Leave
the Doomed Building
and She Scorched.
Cedar Rapids, Ia., Feb..21.-Fifteen
or twenty persons were burned to
death, and twice that number serious
ly Injured in a fire that destroyed the
Cliftdn hotel at 2 yesterday morn
ing.
There were 120 guests in the hotel
when- the fire broke out and most of
the dead are buried in the debris. Ow
ing to the destruction of the hotel reg
ister the names of the missing are
hard to obtain.
Fatally Injured: L. C. Burnet, Ne
braska City, badly burned. Nettle
Curns. head waitress jumped from the
third story window. The fire originat
ed In the basement, presumably from
an electric wire. Night Clerk Wilson
was on the third floor at the time. The
flames were discovered by a bell boy
and had already gained considerable
headway.. By the time the night clerk
had been notified and the work of
sounding the alarm had begun, escape
was cut off from the ground floor. In
stantly there were several faces at ev
ery window, the guests being clad on
ly In night robes, and wildly calling for
help. The facilities of the fire depart
ment were meager And each moment's
delay Increased the panic that had al
reidy prevailed. One after another of
human Corms were seen to hurl them
selves from the upper windows and
were dashed :against the pavements
Limbs were broken and the writhing
sass of humanity that rapidly accum
a1gtd4 coqfltituted a sickening sight.
Those who jumped from <the third
tWj wrnd#wt had little hope of oar
-.vilng the frightful leap. At the last
.:few - hesitated as the tames came
`searer and neawer. Nettle Curbs was
the last to leave the burning structure
and had sustained terrible burns be
fore she sprang from the window.
Outsidte the work of rescue was cas
Tied forward rapidly. A vast crowd
was attracted by the flames and widly
sought Information concerning friends
in the b sraing Structure.. The. hotel
was a seething furnace, and it was
Impossible to attempt resette ley en
terlig the bui8lang. The Injured were
eoaveyed to adjoining business houses,
that rad been converted as improvised
bospitas.
It was early apparent that Burnet
- md Mist Curse could not recover,
while the recovery of several others
is doubtful.
The fire department confined Its. of
1brts to preventing the spread of
'flames. Several times the National ho
tel caught Are, but the flames there
ere extinguiished.
The state Young Men's Christian at
aonlatica convention was In progress
IA Cedar Rapids at the time and the
district Ignights of Pythias' conven
tion also. Delegates of these conven
tions constituted most of the injured
and missing. It was stated there must
be fifteen or twenty bodies In the de
bris, as large numbers of persons. were
seen to fall back from the windows
Into the llsmies. The proprietors of the
hotel also estimate there must be close
to this number unaccounted for. The
work of If"entlfcation of missing.
however, is necessarly dificult.
Sertously Injured: Conductor Struck.
land of the Northwestern, Clinton, Ia.:
jumped from second story, leg broken.
'Ijured internally; E. C Outing, Cen
ter Point, Ila., hands and arms burned:
i`. W. Bremen, Lyons, Ia., Internal in.
juries: E. R. Moore, Chicago. liga
ments of leg tors; J. W. Winner, Wa
terloo, i face burned; J. F. Ander
soa, Chicago, back strained; A. S.
Mof ~w, Boone, Ia.. bruises; E. if.
Gardiner. Woodburn. Ia., head cut.
back infured.
Oeth List Is Mtae
Cedar Rapids, ia., reb. 21.-The to
tal list In the Clifton hotel are
I ?orty-wo were injured.
Only we bodies have been recovered.
uS. ** astames.as.
WAAflsgtoa, Feb. 21.-A letter re
m7sai the secretary of agriculture
frmIlapector ilbiw, of thk bureau of
maaa tiae t report of the occurn
'ass etfseM and amonathdsease at that
Wh 9egu. e. fl--The president 1
~e' ~ ~lin.rebate bill. With
Ial$eia tthls measure the simin
Iltatenia' anti-trust progrssm fur this
W11f ool*igrss is coapleted.
is the place to buy yourholesale Price
and save 15 to 40 per cent on everything you use. It can be done. Over 375,000 wide awake, car
buyers sent us their orders last month and got highrgrade, honest merchandise-the kind it pays to buy- -
big saving over usual prices. They were the people who knew the value of a dollar saved. You, too, can do
A FEW SPECIMEN VALUES are here shown, selected from our 1100l page catalogue, which contains pict
and prices on 70,000
articles of everyday use. K1(TCHEN LACE SE--I
TABLE CURTAINS
MORRIS CHAIR A very handy x Made in imitation
Made of golden oak or in time, space and 3 of and look like th r very
mahogany or weathered labor saver; importedand hi h-t
oak finish. Massive, heavy hardwood: top priced goods. ce r- l tmae 8
carved and well-finished whiteand frame ter has beautiful de- in sad
frsme;reversiblecushions finished in the tacheddesign.hand- os nit
covered with imported golden color. 2 -om, ribbon anol - oe- nice w
figured velour plush; ad- drawers, 2 bins holding 50 lbs. of flour or su- floral border. and guaranteed
justable back. An exceed- ar each, and 2 baking or meat boards. 26x40 edge woven to have rs and o
inglycomfort. in. Weight, 90 lbs. One of the the effect of the real ruffle. 48'2 machine for the price o TIs Is
able chair. $ .50 greatest genuine bargains ever .95 inches wide; 4 yards long. Ex- $.34 Positively the low -4 pric that$
Retailers charge $8.00 to $10.00. ý" offered. Dealers ask $4.50 to 65.50. £" cepttonal value for the price. ," any wasrra;nied machine is bcing0
Order No. R72. Our Price .... Order No. R491. Our Price ... . Order Number P2 "* . . sold for. Order No. L43. Pnicen
We have everything in all grades, from the cheapest that's good to the best that's made. Write
catalogue at once, enclosing 15 cents to help pay the postage.
Our 2 .Vtit=oo Custamerrd 0 o. M;ch " A C ca
are the best endorsement of our M ontgo m e .y W ard- 4__ Co., adsn re Caga ye
GREAT DEALS.
Triple Alliance Reported to Have Been
Formed by Railways.
New York, Feb. 21.-The Herald
says a triple alliance has been formed
by the Union Pacific. Southern Paci
fic and Rock Island roads.
It has now developed that Rock Is
land, says the Herald, has purchased
from the Southern Pacific a half in
terest In all the north south roads in
Texas, thus reaching the salt water
at Galveston and Sabine, besides en
tering the Beaumont district. The
lines which will hereafter be op'rated
jointly by the Rock Island and the
Southern Pacific ae the following:
Texas and New Orleans, 396 miles;
Galveston, Houston and Northern, 53
miles; H'uston, East and eWst Tex
as, 190 miles; Houston and Shreve
port. 39 miles; Houston and Texas
Central, 688 miles. Total 1,345 miles.
None of the main lines of the South
ern Pacific in Texas are included in
the big deal with the Rock Island.
The Herald also says the Frisco is
raising $15,000,000 to complete New
Orlean's extension to kMemphis.
FUEL SCARCE.
Great Demand Exists Over Texas for Coal
and Wood.
Dallas, Feb. 21.-From many por
tions of the state come reports of a
great scarcity of fuel, occasioned by
the recent rainy spell, which so cut up
roads that it is Impossible to haul
timber to the towns.
Coal is practically out of the ques
tion, and wood has advanced beyond
all bounds ti pride: In one instance
at Terrell $I.00 was pai4 for fifteen
sticks of wood.
There is much distress atd poverty
over certain portions of Texas on ac
count of the inclement weather condi
tions. Hundreds -of ,laborers are un
able to work, and are in need of food
as a result.
The Red river is rising pnd overflow
Ibgthe bottom lands near Texarkana,
and much damage to vegetation and
stock iii apprehended.
Stock is also suffering in many
places, an uncorroborated report plac
ing the loss at 1500 on, oine ranch.
SAD SEQUEL.
feeng Lady Took 5ffr Lit Reca.se She
Missed a Trsth
Little Rock, Ark.,. fel.: 21.-A spe
cial to the Arkansas Gazettte from
Forrest City says:
Miss Nellie Sinlth, the beautifu,
Lwenty-two year old daughter of G. B.
Smith, was found dead in her father's
dome with a ghastly pistdl wound in
her head. She was to have met her
ifflanced at the station Friday as he
passed through for Rent City. She
missed the train. The girl's body was
found by her father when he came
home for his luncheon.
NE*W SECRE- ARY.
Dortelyou Attended First Cabinet Meet
Ing as an Ofegil.
Washington; -Feb. 21.-Secretary Cor
Lelyou attendee his first Cabinet meet
ing Friday as the head of the now de
partment of commerce and labor. He
was .given a cordial welcome by both
he president and by the other mem
hers and was assigned to the seat at
t
1
I
lie foot of the cmbineti that had -been
sseeved for him. Mr. Cortelyou's ele- a
alIon to the eabiaet adda another law'- 3
er to the body.
At the matinda there was 11o discus
kon of the details of the new depart
ieeat. et faa 4a 4 two Secretary
with eoa
r DESPERATE NEGRO.
Had to Be Shot to Death by the Cresoin'
City Police:
New Orleans, Feb. 21.-After hold
tug half a hundred blue coats at bay
for several hours, during which scores
of shots were exchanged. Lafayette
Sims, a desperate negro. was killed by
the police in a negro boarding house
situated on South Rampart street. The
room in which he was besieged had to
be set on fire and the fire department
called out before Sims could be driven
from his post. As he attempted to es
cape, still carrying his gun, he was
shot down. The body was taken to
the mogue without any demonstration
from a mob of several thousand ne
groes, who crowded the vicinity of the
tragedy. Intense excitement prevailed
while the shooting lasted.
`The origin of the trouble was trivial.
Sims occupied a room in the boarding
house in which there were seven beds.
On retiring Thursday night he locked
the door, and when the landlord asked
him to open it so that another lodger
might be admitted Sims refused. Then
the landlord sent for the police. The
latter tried to persuade Sims to open
the door. but failed, and a hole was
smashed through the aperture. Sims
shot a pistol out of one hand and a
lantern out of the other of Officer
Windsteein when he tried to enter.
Thereupon additional police were sent
for and the hoBse surrounded.
POPE'S JUBILEE.
Straggle to Get in Hall of Bcatlfeatieo
Was Something Terrific.
Rome, Feb. 21.-The pope completed
the functions of his jubilee without
undue fatigue. On returning to his
apartments h4 exclaimed: 'This is
really the happiest day of my life." The
struggle to get in the hall was terrifie.
People were swept off their feet and
womenmovercome, but no one really in
jured. The babel of tongues raised in
protest testified to the world-wide
character of the gathering. Among the
Americans present were Bishops Burke
of St. Joseph. Mo., and Dunne of Dal.
las. Texas; Fathers S. P. McDonnell
and Hugh (YHara McShane of Chicago.
Thomas O'Hara of Wilmington, Ills.:
Kmrs. and Miss Choate and R. U. Joha
nen. His holiness was borne in a -
uedia gestatorria on the shoulders of
eight men habited in red brocade. The
pope himself wore gorgeous robes and
had a triple crown on his head. He
bestowed the benediction right and r
left as he passed through the cheering
concourse, whose enthusiasm was so t
great and whose desire to touch the
hem of the pope's gown so intense that C
the guards were necessary.
"It seems Impossible that it is twen- s
ty-five years since I have been there,"
Was Pope Leo's exclamation as he
peered from a window of his apart
nents into the sunlit piazza of St. r
Peter. This was the pontiff's only ref
arence to his long term of self-imposed s
mprisonment In the Vatican, during
which he has never gone beyond the '
)alance grounds and St Peter's, which
S considered a part of the Vatican. q
"What a glorious morning for the
fubilee of my pontificate," the pope
idded, as he proceeded with evident $
)leasure to peruse the almost innu- n
nerable telegrams, letters and address- e
Ad of congratulations which reached a
he Vatican from all parts of the
world. The hall of Beatification, above
be portico of St. Peter's. where the a
iontiff held his jubilee reception, pre
vented a brilliant scene.
Beceiver Chosen.
Guthrie, Okla., Feb. 21.-Chief Just' c
ce.Burford appointed M. F. Stillwell of r
Irayhorse, Okla., 'receiver for the In
hlan Territory Illuminating company I
f New Jersey. The lease on 1,800,000
Lcres of oil lands in the Cherokee and -
)sage Indian reservations, with a priv
lege of renewal, and $300,000 in prop.
rty Is involved.
Di'- D Not Get In.
Galveston, Feb. 21.-Owing to the
ough weather the battleships did not
ater' the harbor Friday. A special
'Sin brought a majority of the Tegas
igislators Friday night. The city has
tiny Visitors.
Blxib, Reeeives Notice.
Muskogee, I. T., Feb. 21.--Tams
Iixby, who has been acting chairman
I the Dawes commission for several
ears, received. official notice he had
seen appointed chairmen of the body.
Against Lyszcatug.
Topeka, Km., Feb. 21.--The house
mas'eompe a standing law
- tprovides that say
'~p, ~ r soner to
Big Louisiana Fire.
Abbeville, La., Thursday night At
beville was visited by the most dii
astrous conflagration in its histor3
The fire originated in the rear c
Erath's saloon and burned more tha
half a block in the business districi
including twenty-two business house,
twenty-seven firms doing busines
therein. The total loss approximate
$100,000. The fire is thought to hav
been of incendiary origin.
Mrs. Brune Recovers.
Memphis. Feb. 21.-Mrs. Brune, th<
well known actress, who has been s(
dangerously ill in a hospital here witi
pneumonia, has sufficiently recoveret
to resume her tour. She opened at th
Lyceum theatre Friday night in "Un
orna" to a large and enthusiastic au
dience.
Movements of Transports.
San Francisco, Feb. 21.-The trans
port Kilpatrick will sail Feb. 28 foi
Samar with the Fourteenth infantry,
The men are taken the place of the
First Infantry. The Logan sails on
the last day of the month and will
carry the first squadron of the Thir
teenth cavalry.
The Sheridan will next arrive from
the Philippines. She Is due March 3.
T'illed Him Full of Buckshot.
El Paso, Tex., Feb. 21.-John L.
Huerr, a clerk In the harware store of
Krakauer. York & Moye, shot and fa
tally wounded Martin McLaughlin, a
burglar. The burglar had broken into
the store, when Huerr was awakened.
and called on him to throw up his
hands. The intruder attempted to
draw a weapon. whereupon Huer-'
' ed his body full of "` h t. .
ONLY FIFTY CENTS
Will Secure the Weekly Caucasian for
One Year-A Special Offer..
Subscribe Now.
Beginning from this issue and during
the next ninety days the subscription
price of the Weekly Caucasian will be
5o cents, a reduction of half the regular
price.
We want more subscribers. We wish
also to show our appreciation of old
subscribers whose subscription will be
rated at 5o cents.
We send not agents or solicitors in
the country to whom we must pay a
commissoin. We'propose to give the
benefit of the agent's commission to the
subscriber.
The Caucasian is the people's paper.
It is always in sympathy with the
masses.
It is thoroughly Democratic and
stands for the rule of intelligence and
white supremacy.
It has an opinion on every issue and
question and never straddles the fence.
Besides timely editorials, local and
general news, it gives Talmage's Ser
mons, Foster's Fo#casts of the weath
er, special features for the lovely sex
and other attractions of literary merit.
Market quotations are revised weekly
and are correct.
All subscriptions at the rate of 5o
cents must be paid in advance.
We have been offering by letter spe
cial inducements for settlements in ar
rears.
Your subscriptioi will be appreciated.
Tell your friend and neighbor about it.
WEATHER BULLE
1 he Warm, the Cold an
Waves Forecast
(Copyrighted 1903 by W.
St. Joseph, Mo.. Feb. 2I.'
tin gave forecasts of
cross the continent Feb
warm wave 22 to 26, cool
Next disturbance will
cific coast about Feb
west of Rockies by close
great central valleys 2t14
state 6.
This will be a cold storm.
by snows in northern lati
weather will be stormy
the continent.
The storm center will
eastward south of pa
having crossed the
from the Pacific slope.
Warm wave will cross
Rockies about February
tral valleys March 2,
Cool wave will cross west
about March 3, great ce
eastern states 7.
This warm wave will
temperatures and will
long. The cool wave will
oeratures and make it ap
ter will linger in the lap
About date of this bul
lures will be moderate,
coming, cloudy weather
est part of the month will
Temperature of the
March 2 will average an'
be above normal.
Minneapolis (Minn.)
February 7 said: "The P
today the publication of
casts by Prof. W. T. F
more accurate in pr
weather two weeks or a
than is the government
one day in advance. W
tins."
tNext bulletin will
casts of March weather.
Don't forget that w
move from west to east,
not otherwise designated
casts give the date near
events will reach meridiat'
line of the Mississippi
weather changes move ea
average of about 600o mil
9r BOOK MAILED
A. A. 1 FEVDERS, Conger
catRS Lions, Lung Fever. Mi
B.B.D SPR A INS. Lameness,
c-pES) Rheumatism.
C. C. t SORE THROAT. Q
cocas S Distemper.
WORMS, Dots, Grubs.
It. E. 1 COUGHS Colds, Iln
cease S Lungs. Pleuro-Pne
F. P. SCOLIC, Deilyache, W
cruse Diarrhea, Dysentery.
G.G. Prevents MISCARR
H } KIDNEY & BLADDER
I. 1. SKIN DISEASES. Ma
cUasE Ulcers. Grease. Farey.
J. K. lBAD CONDITION. Sts
cmase Indigestion, Stomach
9el. each; Stable Case, Ten SpeCinI,
At druggists. or sent prepaid on
Humphreys' Medlcine Co., cr.
!reets. New York.
F ull ONL45 EXPRESS
B~ offle: ___ ý PREPAID
5tSE COLDEN AGE
LINCOLN aL
' COUNTY WH ISK E Y
We, the Distillers, guarantee these goods to be pore and 7 years
old. None better at any price. We will ship in plain boxes to an1
address, EXPRESS PREPAI D,at the followingdistiller's prices.
6 Full Bottles $3.45. 10 Full Bottles $6.55. 12 Full Bottles $7.90.
15 Full Bottles $9.70. 25 Full Bottles $15.90.
Yres slaw and ourkaerew in every box. Your money back if not as represented.
AMERICAN SUPPLY MO., 662 Malm St.. Memphis, Tena.
w