SCHIIE IS ATTACKED.
1aclavy's History M::akes llim Any*
thing Iut a lero.
BOOK IS EXCLUDED.
Secretary of the Navy Forbids it Being
Used as a Text Book at An
napolls-!-tatemnent from
the Authr of Book.
Washington, June 20.-The secretary
of the navy has decided that the third
volume of Maclay's history of the Span
ish-American war shall not be used as
a text book at the naval academy unless
the obnoxious language it contains in
characterizing the action of Rear Ad
miral Schley is eliminated. The secre
tary says that it would be manifestly
improper to have a history containing
such intemperate language as a text
book for the cadets. He will inform
both Commander Wainwright, who is
in command of the naval academy, and
Mr. Maclay, the author of the history,
of his decision.
In this connection the secretary says
that the proofs of the entire volume
were not submitted to him by the histo
rian. He received only the proofs of
the third chapter, that relating to the
smobilisation of the fleets which obtain
ed a msmmary of the orders which he,
as secretary of the navy, had issued in
making the naval preparations for the
war. That chapter was satisfactory
and he returned to Maclay with an in
dlation of his approval. He says he
never saw the asoount of the battle of
Santiago and the criticisms of Rear Ad
miral Sohley until after the book was
published. Mr. Maolay was appointed
to his present position in the New York
navy yard Aug. 38, 1900, having been
dA ..ms t .mI,.. the Hihthrman servin.
egsrWerrena rum sos ueguuu.u.MW ".-..
AUTHOR'S STATEMENT.
Maelay S a Be Will 3evl.e the Obmes
e. Piertroes, but Not iate*.
New York, July 9S.--Bldgar S. Ma
elay replying to the ariticism which has
been made upon his historical work
dealang with Admiral Schley and the
mary during the Spanish war, he mid
in part:
'I did not appreciate at the time I
wrote the book that the terms were
immoderate and intemperate. It is
enly recently that It has met with ad
Ferse ,ritioism. It is now my intention
to revise that portion of the work that
deals with the battie of Santiago. But
I shall not alter the foots for they are
corret. I must first be assured that
they are in error. The proofs were sub
mitted to the omoers who took part in
the battle of Santiago as well as to Seo
retary Long and received their approval.
I should explain that only those portions
of the book were submitted to each of.
Seer that related to him personally or
to the part he took in the battle. The
proos submitted to Mr. Long dealt with
that pars of the war that concerned
him. I have never had any aims
against Admiral Sohley and I wrote as
I did beause I believed it to be the
truta."
APPEAL TO PRESIDENT.
eaeral Ageus Warse the PreeMeet to
Make an iewesegam..
Baltlimore, July .-General Felix
Angus, pubisher of the Baltimore Amer
Jean, telegraphed the following to Presi
dant Mocrtley over his own ignature:
"Wiliam McKinley, preideat, la
a, 0O.: Malay's history of the navy
to the stdard in ue at the navalacad
emy. In e third volame, jast issueed,
the historia ebherges Rear Admiral
bhley with being a eoward, a liar, a
ltIt, and Ineompete.t and subordi
mate.
"In an Interview, in The American,
Madlay, the historian, who is navy de
partma eled , elassed asa labore, and
ett s to the Brookly navy yard,
as t pet of this third volume,
whis sho.a have tetl the most gtrd
e hitory In all or naval annals were
sima d to lesetaty Long ad Ad
mml 8smpon nt appeoved by them
In advance of pabmcation, also that See
resary Iag pat him in his present po
sitioa after he had read and approved
this somnrrios attack apon Admiral
Seoley. Them proofs were also submit
ted to Admiral Dewey, who refused to
read them.
"If aught were needed to convince
aly fairminded man that a clique in
the navy department has conspired to
traduce the hero of Santiago and that
the onspiracv was carried into er on
tbo while that brave and gallans oflos
was suffering exipritiaton in the fever
infested cnast of South America, this
would farnish it.
"Will you. Mr President, in view of
all this sit quietly by and permit there
eamispiwers to continue their diab3lical
work? Every ustice loving Amerioan
appeal to you to intervene in the name
aid for the sake of fair play. Noxt tc
beinl right all the time, which no man
eg evser be, the best thing is to fand
as soon as posible that you ar
rsng and right yourself ismamediately."
Ad-.uas Peh* o okrk..
" Jg I 9l-Bashm of bnt.
l: hero a d seeages , A T..
tfaa hin alb ememe t
___ >1Y
TLXAS NEWS.
Vltinm of Ils Own Devloe.
Brenhanm, Tex.. July 20.-Dan Bart
lett has kept the ('entral pumping sta
tion, twoi Illle ca':St of hero. for mniiiy
years. He lives alone, and when busi
Iinosi t'L!1 nio to town he walks by the
way of the Ce'tntral trrck. Mr. Bartlett
ha1 I.e 11 very tmuh at lllio(i lattely by
halving hlls ho.' bhrkcen oft'in an.id gro
corrlns stolen durin heis absence. his
skill as at detetlve has been fruitlessly
uned to detect rth persons who have
beenI robbing hi; house,, and as a last
resort he conclulbed Thursday evening
%whenv tbillne's call 1it1u away to set a
gunll. This he did. H1i was detained
il town until a late hour at night, went
hom, hurritedly, forgot all alsut having
ret the gun, andi unlokoekl and pulled
the' door oonf t, which discharged the
gun, the whohl chearet" taiking effect in
his right leg, inflicting a very painful
wound.
Texsu Crop Prospects.
Austin, July 20.-State Commission
er of Agriculture Johnson says that the
crop situation in Texas generally speak.
ing, is very goodi. In Brown, Coleman
andt other counties of that section rain
is badly needed. The drouth has also
cut short the corn crop in the black
s i waxy betlt, which exteuds from McLen
I nan county to Paris. The cotton and
corn in the Brazos river bottom and
adjacent territory are in fine condition,
and the prospects for a big yield of
both products are very promising.
Overeome by Well Damp.
f Hemrne, Tex., July 20.--A negro,
a Robert Chadwick, while being lowered
into a well was overcome by well damp.
Another negro was lowered into the
well to bring the remains to the surface
but waso overcome and was some time
before he revived.
Killed by Lightning.
S Troupe, Tex., July 20.-While Nick
SWhite, a negro, and his son were cut
ting saw stocks three miles from Troupe,
5 lightning struok the tree they were out
ting, killing the old man instantly. The
k boy had walked away a few steps and
Swas not injured.
Aeeidntally Kilend.
Paris, Tex., July 20. -Tommy Lyons,
20 years old, the son of a Bapt'st preach
er of this county living a mile east of
Garrett's Bluff, near Oaddo, I. T., was
accidentally shot and killed while hunt
ing by a companion.
eeetver See a atlread.
SJackson, Miss., July AO.-New Or
leans attorneys filed an application in
the federal oourt here for a receiver for
the New Orleans and Northwestern
Sroad and asking also a foreclosere of a
iu ,000,000 mortgage executed in 1890 to
l- the Central Trust company of New
SYork on whioh $60,000 is now due.
SDefault was made on the bond in 1898,
and the foreclosure is asked for the pro
tection of the bondholder. The road
has very little mileage in Mississipp
but conneots Natohes, Miss., with Ray
P ville, La. The Goulds are recent par
Schasers of the road and it is thought
- they are behind these proceedings as the
1. finstap in the formal transfer of the
n rDoerty.
NO.r..s for Satrker S . l.. i
Ne. Orleans, La., July S0.-Two rep
resentatives of the steel trust, omfkally
known as the United States Steel oor
poration from Pittsburg, are here seour
ing negroes to take the places of the
strikers in the Eastern steel mills. They
are placing agents in every southern
center. A man will be dispatched to
Galveston at once to work the Houston
and surrounding territory. Fifty ne
groes were enlisted in this city Friday.
They got $5 at Bessemer, Ala., and 15
st Anniston, Ala. The agens are of
fering flattering prices.
Over Ninety Thouasad tglstered.
El Reno, O. T., July 30.-When the
registration booths olosed Friday night
1,a8 home seekers had been given
slips eaitling them to a obhane in the
drawings. Friday's figures for El Reo
were 10,sU, making a total of 70.497,
while 1447 persns registered at law
tan, rtwnging sb teal fer that place up
to 33,109.
Death Ame*s" l. Wires.
Dallas, July 30.-Obarles Wheeler a
lineman in the employ of the Standard
dght and Power company, was killed
whil at work as the topof a -foo
pole lere Friday sittreean. He was
with a companims on the pole and was
stmanin on s tasfSgr w.he his
hand me tno contaeet w a wire over
head, marryig a earrnat $O1 or $300
volts. Death was instantansos.
on e. musememst.
nanvilte, July 90.-A report from
Fritmdsville, a little village in Blount
county founded years ago by the Quak
ne, says the eatire people are wildly
ezcted over the indin of oil on a
farm. The oil was to t a depth of
46 feet and Is said to bo fne quality.
The well is not a gusher, but the oil
Sows rapidly.
Tien Trin, July 90.-O-nsiderable an
easiness is felt here following the re
samption by the Ohiness of the partial
control of the city. The natives are
eutaing their telegraph lines outside of
Tien Tain and fears of further violence
is entertained.
Died Ater msems mobbed
Wichita, Kas., July 90.-After being
obbed on a train near here, F. R. Sm.gL
an aged man from Bonham. Tel.,
droppe dead in a crowded coach. The
body was taken to Oklahoma Olty. His
wife ad caghter were with him.
eavie. Iesis a eaem..e.
Jwdlrsemvi Iad., July 3M.-U S.
M !aleIsmm is tihe boe departm ent
of .e ,soe penasamailay hers, was .er.
beass by Lee e lly. a esavieso
1ealmes the Senem with a pies.
f htiNN&
If ported Attiempt to Ov(erthrow the 1
It
SEPT. 14 TIlE DATE.
The Allered ,4cheme Is to' Pllace Prince
Louis Napoleoonon the Throne. f
as Emperor -TlIe Plan is
of Rusalan Origin.
London, July 2,'.-Tlhe P all all -
zetto publishes a corlutliratini from
its Paris eorre p'odi1,nt giving circumll
stantial details of an allo~,,r d conmpiracy
to overthrow the French republic
and install Prince Lonlm Napoleon an
emperor. The correspondent is assured
that upon Sept. 1, u!ton which d(late
the czar intends to promote Prince Louis
to a full generalship in the Russian
army, has been selected as the occasion
for the demonstration ta suplprt the
clailus of this prince, who is such a
close friend of their Russian majesties
and by all elements op!,sed to the
present regime. The names of Deron
lede, Marquis do Lur Saluces and Mar
cel-Habert are mentioned as the leading
spirits of the movement, and several
high functi:maries of the present gov
ernment are alleged to be assisting the
movement with funds.
Killed His Mother.
Dexter, Mo., July 20.-Charles Doob
accidentally killed his mother here
while out Turkey hunting. Hie came to
a thicket where he had trailed a flock
of turkeys and discovered a motion in
the vines that he thought was made by
one of these fowls. le raised his gun
and fired and was horrified a moment
later to use his mother stagger through
the bushes with blood streaming from
her head and face. She expired in her
son's arms before assistance could be
summoned. The woman was picking
berries at the time of the accident. He
only 17 years old and is crazed with
grief.
Waloalets to Celebrato.
London, July 20.-The Duke of Marl
borough is about to appear in a new
role. There will occur at Blenheim
Palace, the duke's seat in Woodstock,
Oxford, on Aug. 10, one of the largest
political demonstrations of recent times.
Its object is to celebrate the third
Unionist victory in the election of 8000
delegates from oonservative and liberal
Unionist association throughout the
country to be present while the gather
ing will number in all about 7000. Bal.
four and Chamberlain will make ad
dresses and the duke of Marlborough,
will preside.
ulcide at Dallas.
Dallas, July 20.-M. Scott Galliger,
aged 56 years, was found dead at 989
Bryan street yesterday morning. The
body was picked up near the cistern in
the back yard. A revolver lay at his
side. A pistol ball had entered just be
hind the right ear. The deceased had
been in bad health for some time. His
wife died at New Orleans a few months
ago. He was a brother-in-law of Col.
P. B. Hunt and was born in Kentucky,
where his remains will be taken for in
terment.
Cornellus Vanderbllt a Lieutenant.
New York, July 20.-Cornelius Van
derbilt has accepted a oommission as
lieutenant in the Twelfth regiment of
the State National Guards, New York,
and the formality of an election will be
ordered at once by the colonel in com
mand. Most of the officers of the regi
meat are Yale, Harvard, Princeton or
Columbia men, and the colonel, George
R. Dyer, is the son of ex-Governor Dyer
of Rhode Island.
The Yacht Capelsod.
New Haven, July 20.-Five persons
were drowned in the sound here by the
capsising of the yacht Venitsia of Phil
adelphia. Two only of those on board
the yacht were reenued. The drowned
are: Arthur O. Co bu:i, owner of the
yacht and daughters. Ida and Annette
of Philadelphia. Captain Flint of
Brooklyn, N. Y., master of yacht and a
sailor, name unknown.
GOlrl Wound Dyling.
St. Louis, July 20.-Unoonscious and
with a deep and perhaps fatal wound
on the back of the head, Estelle Neidel,
aged 19, was found Thursday night in
the weeds at McDonald and Oak Hill
avenues. When discovered the girl was
in an almost nude condition. Her
tongue was fearfully parched and her
body badly sunburned. Police are in
vestigating.
Hord of Cattle Condemnad.
St. Joseph, Mo., July 20.-Dr. B. J.
Northerton, deputy state veterinary has
condemned a herd of cattle at Fairfax,
where he went to examine some cases
of splenic of Texas fever. He found
that six had died fro- the disease and
18 more were aflicied. The herd is
owned by E. C. Whitford, and it was
shipped to him from the St. Joseph
stock yards July 6. There are 140 head
in the bunch.
England Will Not Yield.
Pekin, July 90.-United States Spe
eial Commissioner Rockhill has post
poned his departure in consequence of
the deadlock between the ministers.
There are n signs of Great Britain's
yielding on the question of increase of
the customs tariff.
The Germans are erecting extensive
briek barracks at Tien Tsin.
Austin, July 90 .-The formal opealag
of the isats enampment was postponed
gntl this moraiag at 6 o' look on
joieemate the mashrrival of roops
SUMMER DRAPERIES.
Bow a suggentions,. 1'"r 4rtintrle 1Va
d4 w `s.t tl (L'ugsin .
ntill I r11,: i a : :n1l :i t :-11 P ; -I 1.1; . I!
S 1 11 :1tl ,i , r . :i t i . r, , r'
tri t :4I. 1 . n .:. l 1 I . '] I
i ,ii l :, I i+: . 4'"1 "4 f 4 ..I 1, . I . 44- o I II'
11 1 i III 1 41:l, ,,, !: llt ' " I' !i. - " , .,I, ,' 1 (u , '4h
j'it.l i i4 ,1i 4 ': 1 ;t ". ' . . :t 4iiiut Iuh
j ('t, :lull [ ..,1 ::: 1 it I'. .. ' r I , lir t
fr'uitl :I g!L.inl :.t 111 the .,ýýý,., ý. \ , v ,.y
pr1tt1 i,4:4 Itti'4l I iln 1 11' upI!v. ;inr! .
The 'ml ga',tio. l i" r",1 l f1 r - k t.d!, .
A suit of I rderl is i ' I the
' I
DECORATIVE SASH URTAINI.
silk and fine lace sewed in. This helps
to give light and at the same time is
extremely i:.!t:y. The blind might he
hung on a frame as Is shown or might
be bound with something at the top
and be hung on a rod. Variations of
this particular treatment are quite easy
and consist in perhaps a little undula
tion at the bottom of the blind for a
fringe. By daytime one gets the warm
light through the silk and by night the
pretty lace is seen.
In the second figure more elaboration
is apparent, and here a special frame is
certainly necessary. The silk Is gath
ered together in a sort of bunch In the
middle of the blind, and the light
streaming through will make this look
very pretty.
In the third figure muslin might be
used, and It would perhaps not be too
daring an innovation to suggest that a
double sided cretonne should be insert
ed In the strip shown. Of course, the
cretonne would want very careful
choosing in conjunction with the mus
lin.
A Frozen Puddtln.
Wash one-fourth a cup of rice. Let
boll ive minutes In bolling salted wa
ter and drain carefully; then put Into a
double holler with one-fourth a tea
spoonful or salt and two cups of milk
and cook until the grains are tender.
Add three-fourths a cup of powdered
sugar and let cool slightly. Soak one
fourth box of powdered gelatin in two
tablespoonfuls of cold water, add three
RICE 'UI)DDING GLACE.
[Garnish-- Lemon jelly and ruses.]
tablespoonfuls of boiling water and let
stand In a warm place until thoroughly
dissolved, then strain into the rice. Set
into a pan of ice and water and stir un
til it begins to set, then flavor wit', one
tablespoonful of vanilla extract au.d
fold In one cup of double cream beaten
solid. Put the mixture into a quart
mold, filling the corners and packing
solidly, and press the cover on tightly
over paper. Let stand packed in equal
parts of ice and salt about two hours.
The mixtures should not be frozen very
hard. Serve with orange or lemon jelly
cut in small cubes. Arrange the jelly
as a wreath about the glace. Raspberry
or strawberry preserves may be used
instead of the jell .
For the lemonjelly let one box of
gelatin soak in three-fourths a cup of
cold water, dissolve In a pint of boiling
water in which a two inch piece of cin
namon bark has been steeping on the
back of the range half an boor or more,
add one cup of sugar and when cold
three-fourths a cup of lemon Juice.
Strain through a cheesecloth Into a
shallow dish. The jelly should be
about half an inch thick. When thor
oughly cold, spread a paper over the
meat board, Immerse the vessel con
taiuing the jelly in warm water and
invert on the paper. Dip a shasp knife
Into warm water and cut the jelly into
equal squares.-Boston Cooking School
Magazine. .]
Household Brevltles.
There is a great deal of sound senje
In persons suffering from Insomnia
taking rides on the trolley car to make
them sleep.
Some cooks claim that the best way
to cook bacon Is to lay thin slices on a
ine wire broiler over a dripping pan
and bake it in a hot oven until brown
and crisp. By this method no grease is
left on the meat.
Use alcohol to mix .whiting for
cleansingisilver. It gives a brilliant
and more lasting polish than water.
An excellent salad is made by plac
Ing red kidney leans that are seasoned
with salt and pepper on lettuce or cress
and covering It with I'rench dressing.
A maple floor for a kitchen that has
not been Oulahed In wax or oil is best
taken care of by being scrubbed or rub.
OW with any of the scouring prepari
m- now ia the aprket.
MIDSUMMER DRINKS.
Thirst Q(Lnchlntn and ('ooling ('on
. itlums of, I!Lna-e l inuillfa.tiure.
.i1l Il',i, ; ':1ý ., Ii r1 1 'l lii: ' , rI 't il .ll iii:11 il
II r ' . I t l i I ni:; I'i i , I h,: 1 ii
n tit : i1; iw : l, !_, iu t :lhi I , biutl ictu l .11t u
,t, t an I!r co 'ý,l l tl:t In 'llow\llri I(g - l qd
l'ti' i S ". r nIt , 11.i ll: 11 " p ,' . lli Cti i (lli i., al
lis I .r " ii I s; that I ll tilt,4 f: liilv w ill
4111.1
.;: , :L :ii !l:ia \ :(l,! t ':lks i tii o h i, Wep iid
of -11:I!'i. thIr ,e t i;i'L . a f a :t I:l:' i a hid.l
1haii t o f "atri ' L '.ii t1 ':Iin m ll t i ll'l l it.
t'f iill'i"llt ShIh .. I;,,il ili anlit JUice
sui tugr a 'ill lii( ri rtit l of lilt' r solh
of l r .II Ito on , Iilt if Jl l. a , live ii ll
ite-. St1ir etII . mit os ly wIC le j 4 -r il ing.
h'Aii tn cold, bj itle it. 1 -, like r1s4.'lp ,r
Iy sqtrlllt one teispoonful or t wo ti o
tulx lilhr fll l 1of water. O
lIt:. sperry V i nelgair.- -lin shtvo qlif
of r.p.hetrrie.s In an earthen ,ssel.
I'ut th Il in i a large stnll bot tl' e or Ja
aoil pour over thein to llarts of gar.
sir'.arn lint'gar. t'ork the jtar r lightly
land hilt tuis Juie dg i ill in the st ilt wa
or three weeks; a hin iltll cl ani lll
bottle. orkring it w( ell.
(bltonotil Irink. Pbilt aitt jtrgce Ia
a quartle ofttle te siru atf once and
meal, six oung4s of white sI11"g:r aId
half of a lemon out iito small *ieces
Mxcork with a little war of this
llour over t one whaln o lemoling Is
ter, stirring all togethelt foroughl)f,
ant use when cold.d.
L.tmnonnde Sirip.-With one poull oA
sugare majority of the grated yel drind of six when
lemons, moisten the sugar with as
much water as it will absorb and boil
it to a clear sirup. Add the Juice of 12
lemons, strrng t n well ovettlesr the ooled.
but do not let it boimpl after the Juice is
added. Bottl the ce het.lrp at once and
cork it when cold. Mix a little of this
with cold water when lemonade Il
wanted.
The majority of these drinks when
put up in small bottles may be cooled
just before using simply by setting the
bottle in the Ice chest. Others which
will bear adulterating may simply have
cracked cle added after filling the glass.
The Growlin Vogue of Bracelets.
The bracelet is a growing fashion,
and thus far the flexible ones seem to
afford the standard, though of variants
there are many, says Elsie Bee in The
Jewelers' Circular.
A narrow string of brilliants hinged
together side by aide presents a hand
some example. Heart shaped sapphires
separated by a single diamond are an
POPULAR BRACELETS.
other. Links of brilliants. each Iiclos
inug a square cut emerald, furnish a
third.
Pearls of different hues strung to
gether fascinate with their variety of
color. Single chains of gold are spaced
off with balls of turquoise. jade or oth
er stones.
Watch bracelets are an estallished
style. and all sorts of serpent and ad
justable or "expanding" bracelets are
very much In evidence, as are a variety
of padlock bracelets. Serpent, expand
ing and padlock styles are shown In the
cut.
Today's Jewelry, sad silverwamre.
Everything pertaining to the shirt
waist is of Interest just now, and in
this line some very taking novelties are
found among the sleeve links, says The
Jewelers' Circular. The first notable
feature Is the use of cross matched or
unmatched stones. A sapphire and a
cat's eye, both cabochon cut and nar
rowly rimmed with gold, represent one
design. Topazes in contrasting colors-
pink and yellow, for instance-make
another. Cat's eyes. round and very
high topped, are quite prominent in the
usual matched buttons. Sapphires are
also noticeable In the same shape. In
fact, these high. round topped stones
appear to be in great favor for sleeve
links.
With summer weather candlesticks
assume added importance, the use of
the bedroom candle being one of the
pretty old customs revived In country
houses. A neat example of this latter to
in the well known low, fiat bottomed
shape with an extinguisher attached.
A l4eaded edge is the only ornament.
Antique and black finish are among
newest effects. In the tall candlesticks
square pillar, round column and hexag
onal shapes are good style, though oth
ers are many.
Ri a pber Relly Poly.
Mix together one pint of sifted flourt,
one-halt of a teaspoonful of salt, one
teaspoonful of sugar and one teaspoon
ful of baking powder and rub in two
tablespoonfuls of butter. Mix with
suffiieent sweet milk to make a soft
jouth. turn out on a fleured board,
work with the hands for a moment.
I then roll out in a sheet one-half of an
inch thick. Spread thickly with black
or red raspberries, sprinkle with a
spoonful or two of sugar and roll up
like a jelly roll. pinctng the ends to
keep In the juice. Lay op a greassed pie
plate and steam for half an hor,. thea
place in a hot oven for ten mlantes to
dry off the crust. Serve with sweeten
es ersam or bard aae.s-TaMe Tam.
BAb.S. IN HOT WEATHER.
Coolnes n a1 1)i1,t Do Great Th.lag
Ils L i*ni . ' WThrn 'rIel. 4 1
Ior o,'' ne lr l1 , i nI "irov d by ex
.r ;c:"" hItr ", :I ,;,.r ,.tri. :r'. d restroyed
:ili, , i , J eI l!! ,rs. and ig
nrfll s':i , '',HI.I ' " \\ '!; uriirt1 u al heat
\' ,:i:it I .'I .i tihe mothers'
an.I l'a:I) it o(f li ';l'. n a few simple
I .t , )in I,',i; - K,( , your chil
d n I i'tlr (eI . . lr, u !tiii i liL iltil l and don't
Fpoce the n at ait lertst once
titlh i weaik siolit, in of ialrh.)iil and
1'111l'r.
If thely r are on a riilk miit. dilute their
*_Nl. giving Ithel thilte :tiie allll uIlnt if
o'i ."lpipI"l"r I irv'llVe it. ihut trhihiI c wa
* r .i"ittii lll I to I lake i tie rioil easier.
Rallii'iltie"r that it i ilii nrt;rant to
ive ;ilid!irn Butl ilrlnking w:titer when
l tie, ar- tlhiirst .
1tii ,octlllit .t child should he taught
S ear ly q'u put.illi it, drink plain wa
St.e
The (dildl ie~s be..,u.se it is thirsty.
411e cit lir give\~r it milk to drink and
p'rhalUs #stnr(,-i itsi lif by overlhailting
I1ts i tlnn'tr h I' lli l hit' Ilo:t tlmakes even
ordinary ' i i' " u, (lllien('ilt.
ifirleratie Wil t ;'hI Ol.lt, fno d.
Ligli el'ithinlg. itih tii- Illlnnest pos
iilele tf inn.li i t night.
Ii trcli1 denlt 'nkii, ofitvater. pure and
_i* very /srit.
£ thoirouglh lllth in tlhe morning, with `
ixl, Ilpure - iI to kiei) thie Pores open.
* spongel off i.very -veniing in diluted
lcohol or w ,iti hazel'.
No fevi-linr In twtiwen mIals. no Irreu
lar feillng of any kind.
The above Nsimplle rules will keep your
childl healthy and numy save its life.
Remember that heat affects children
as it dor you. HIeat sends the blood
rushing to their brains. excites them,
makes threm nervous and irr!tahle. They
must lose their temlpers, for they are
little and cannot reason. But you
should not lose your temper. Don't
scold, don't whip the child because
Providence has seen fit to send the mer
cury uip to 1O).
Do for the baby dependent on you
what you would like Providence to do
for you. Be kind to it. Keep It as cool
as you can.-New York Journal.
Determination of Death by I Ray.r
The subject of the definite determina
tion of death Is one of great impor
tance, and new tests are from time to
time submitted. The latest one sug
gested, as we learn from The American
X Ray Journal, is that of Professor
Ottolenghi of the University of Siena.
The professor is said to have "discov
ered that, while it is easy to apply the
rays to the lungs of a person who is
alive or in trance, it Is extremely diffl
cult-indeed, practically Impossible
to apply them to the lungs of a person
actually dead." The reason is that
some Intervening obstacle prevents the
rays from penetrating Into the body.
lie has repeatedly made a test of this
kind. always with the same result.
Piofessor Ottolenghl therefore sug
gests that, as this test con easily be
made by any physician, it should in
future be employed in all cases where
there exists doubt of death.
Five Gemerations.
Five generations alive in one family
is not a common occurrence, but Wil
liam Smith, late of IHaswell and now
resliding at Tursdale colliery, England.
can boast that he has lived to see four
generations of his descendants. Mr.
Smith, who is 89 years of age, has a
daughter, Mrs. Slater, who is aged 66,
living at Haswell. HIer daughter, Mrs.
Brown, aged 44. who resides at Ry
hope, is the mother of Mrs. Burnip,
aged 22, who lives In the same village,
and the latter is the mother of a 6
months' old baby, thus completing five
generations. Mir. Smith has nine chil
dren, 49 grandchildren, 40 great-grand
children and one great-great-grand
child.
A Story of Cardinal I - ugkam.
Cardinal Vaughan's hobby, If bobby
it can be called, is that of collecting
money for objects he has at heart.
Some 37 years ago he came to America,
then a greater undertaking than it is
now, to collect funds for a missionary
college. Although the then pope, the
kindly Plo Nono, gave him his bless
ing, he strongly dissuaded the young
English priest from going on what he
thought a fruitless errand. However.
Father Vaughan returned home with a
goodly sum and with characteristli
fearlessness wrote to the pope's secre
tary, "Tell his holiness that his bless
ing was worth more than his prophe
cy."
New Kind of Mouse.
On a sand i.!land In Dublin bayItS
new kind of nouse has been found. I
resembles the ordinary mouse in all ex
cept its color, which Is that of the
sandl, and the naturalists attribute that
to an interposition of nature for its pro
tection from the owls and hawks on
the island. It is supposed that they
are the descendants of castaway mice
and that the protective coloration is a
gradually acquired result of their sur
roundings. .
The New Negro.
Professor Du Bols reports that one
half of the 1.312 college bred negroes
heard from at this year's" Atlanta uni
versity conference are engaged in
teaching, one-sixth are preaching and
one-sixth are "professional men," or
are still studying. Six per cent :.re
merchants, artisans or farmers. Four
per cent are employed by the govern
ment
Two Popular Rooks.
Of the 100 most popular books of the
century up to the present time the
cbeekbook is one and the pocketbook
Is the other 99.-8aturday Evening
. . ..