-IEIRMAN LOEB
DEALER IN
Wool, Tallow, Beeswax, Furs.
CE STREET, NEXT TO V. S. & P. RAILWAY.
SHREVEPORT, LA.
to tfre sellers the best prices obtained in St. Louis, New
rg, Galveston and Houston markets. Prompt returns.
n a Moment."
" have the completest stock of
iture, Matting, Rugs
.... and Linoleums
will make it to your interest to call and see me before you buy.
call whether you buy or not. No trouble to show goods.
4J. A. Stephenson.
SMEI&ANTILTE MGF. CO. LTD.
Wholesale Dealers in All Kinds of
Produce, Field and
G..arden Seeds.
of SHREVEPORT STEAM BOTTLING
KS and SHREVEPORT STEAM
CANDY FACTORY.
125 Texas Street, Shreveport, La.
R. MO F ETT'S
ETIlNG POWDERS)
DlUkbisea, Dys.ter aMd the Bowel Troubles of rep o0
tes eowel Streiiteans the Child and MAKES
and Sores, Coq Hives and Thrush. Removes
A Cosmtmarts and Overoomes the Effects of the
and oosts o.e7 25 oents at Druggists, or
MD. M-t. Louis. mo.
IREYFUSS & CO..
LESALE DEALERS IN
oots, Shoes and Hats.
ING AND CAIOCKETT STREETS.
N TO COUNTRY ORQERS.
aeoI.. sable- a
.-r ........
-.. ........ .
,.e: Iii 1 !S
-l !!s i 1P.&l.kLa .I Tils.dT .
Read
rant
nig
ffor
WITB
fresh.
Sto i,
I The Caucasian.
D n ., . ,Li,
Or, E.-G.ALLEN,
COOPER BUILDING.
Room-s4 and 6, First Floor.
Residenm 728 Coetto St.
OFFICE HOURS:
S to 1o a.m.
i to a and'5 tO 7 p.m.
.ills left at Palmer Drug Co. and
Carter Drug Co. prrptly attendted to.
e sm. s ,m.I ReL 44
. W W.sut.er.n . ha C. Barre.
" . 2-. " - .
4x I. - :+ V.1* " W,.+.|.
TALMAGE
SERMON
By Rev.
FRANK DE WITT TALMAGED.D..
Pastor of Jefferson Park Presby*
terian Church, Chicago 1
Chicago, April 5.-In this sermon, ap
propriate to the day, the preacher pre
sents a vivid picture of the triumphal
entry of Christ into Jerusalem amid
the acclamations of the common peo
ple, whose plaudits were so soon to
give way to execration. The text .s
John xii, 13, '"Took branches of palm
trees and went forth to meet him and
cried hosanna."
This is Palm Sunday. in the ecclesi
astical year It is the day on which we
commemorate the strange scene on the
Judeean road which constituted the one
sole pageant of our Lord's life. It is
the day that ushers in holy week, the
beginning of which saw him riding
into Jerusalem In triumph and the end
lying In Joseph of Arimathea's tomb.
This is the time when the same surging
crowds which, a few days later, will
cry: "Crucify him! Crucify him!" now
make the .lund.ean hills echo and re
echo with their exultant shouts of
"Hosanna to the Son of David! Hosan
na to the King!"
Appropriate, also, is my subject in
reference to the audience to which I
speak. I know not of any class of peo
ple to whom the significant lessons of
Palm Sunday can be better applied
than to ourselves. (hirist among the t
waving palms ought to have for us
gospel teachings. as well as Christ in
Pilate's judgment hail. Christ among t
the vociferating multitudes .should ap
peal to us suggestively, as well as
Jesus carrying his cross, Jesus resur
rected from the grave, Jesus appearing
unto his disciples after the crucifixion
or Jesus ascending from Mount Olivet.
Palm Sunday emphasizes the truth
that a false and a selfish ad ation of
Jesus Christ never results In a tri
umphant and a lasting worsl ,p. Why I
did that great concourse ri people.
which came forth to welco' e Jesus
into the Davidic capital, soon turn upon I
Christ and become his taunting execu- I
tioners? Why did they one day throw I
under his feet the branches of palm,.
which have always been the symbol of I
victory, and within a week be eager
to mock his dying agonies upon Cal- I
vary? They were not welcoming Christ a
as their spiritual Saviour. They were I
merely greeting him as a temporal 1
king, who would lead them on to na
tional victories, as Napoleon did the .
French, Frederick the Great the Prus- I
mians, Alexander the Greeks, as Ram- a
eses IL the Egyptians or Saladin the I
Saracens when he totally defeated the I
cruaaders hear Tiberias and captured -t
their leader, Guy de Luesignan, in 1187.
They were not Welcoming a Messiah t
for w~rq the. must itf necessary suffr
and die, but they were greeting one 1
whom they believed to be about to a
drive the Roman tyrants off the He
brew soil; one who would restore the I
Solomonle grandeur, when the national
treasury would be full of gold, and the
kings and the queens of the north, east, .
s6uth and west would make pilgrim
ages to Jerusalem, as the queen of i
Shebh came, bringing her presents of 1
splee sand precious stones. Thus, when 1
Christ lilowed himself to be arrested
.s a common criminal the rabble wart-'
ed to destroy him because they had
cherished In their breasts the false'
hope of a temporal champion.
as We Wsemllp eI.al.iyt
My frlends, Is our faith is Jesa' an
satisfactory? Are we. too, worshiping
Christ from selfish and not from splr
itual hiotives? .Do we attend the fash
ionable church In our neighborhood
merely to win social prestige rather
than with the desire to fit us to help
the troubled and the lost? I once had
a physician bldntly tell me that he
joined the cberch with the same pur
pose for which be Joined the club-he
went to both places so that he could be
brought into contact with people and
win as inany patients: as he could. I
wonder how many of us are kind to
oir friends solely from the selfish mo
tive to make our friends kind to us.
It is possible to even feed the hungry
with the most mercenary of desires.
Christ stated this when he. said. "When
thou makest a dinner or a supper, call
not thy friends, nor thy brethren, nor
thy kinsmen, nor thy rich neighbors
lest they also bid thee again and rec
ompense can be made thee. In other
words, uWe should not make our Chris
tian engagements merely a case of
reciprocity - you do so much for me
and I will do so much for you. But
when you make a gospel feast ask that
young man to your home who has no
friends and is alone in a great city.
Ask that young girl who has no chance
of coming in touch with a refined fam.
fil circle unless you give her an Invita.
tion. "Call the poor, the maimed, the
lame and the blind and thou shalt be
blessed, for they cannot recompense
thee." Are we, this Palm Sunday, hon
oring Christ with the unselfish pur
pose of his disciples, who were accom
panying him from Bethany and who
not Oily threw the palm branches in
his way; but who were also ready to
die for him, or are we worshiping
leiss with the selfish adoration of the
gLeat host that came out from Jerusa
lem to welcome him as a temporal
king?
'If we are selfishly worshiping Christ
itie what we can get out of him,. may
we not here and now change that pur
Sa did Dr. Bobar, through the
Si " eof an dIepired dream which
s be bail In) hi dinl'ah jiarsonage?
slept, he thouzht an afngel came and
stood by his bed and said, "IiUratius,
what is troubling thee" "'Oh." an
swered the minister, "I d(o not seem to
derive any lhappincss from mly ('hris
tian belief. and I have practically no
spiritual results"' "That is easily ac
counted for." said the angel. "Let us
analyze your ministerial ambition. We
shall say the whole represents 100 per
cent. How large a percentage of that
represents your seltfsh pride in preach
ing to a big audience? Fifteen per
lent. How large a percentage repre
sents the desire to live in a fine house?
Fifteen per cent. How large a per
eentage represents a desire to bring in
a large addition to your church, so
that your brother ministers will speak
well of you? Forty per cent. How
large a percentage represents the de
sire to be intellectual and to have the
brainy men of Edinburgh praise your
sermons? Ten per cent. How large a
percentage represents your desire to
have your children ~iove in good so
elety? Fifteen per cent. What per
centage of your ambition is left to
serve, for Christ's sake, the poor and
the helpless? Only about 5 per cent
of your whole life." Dr. Bonar awoke
from the dream horror struck. In that
midnight hour he then and there prom
ised to give himself wholly up to the
higher motive of serving for Christ's
sake alone. Like that Edinburgh min
ister, may we be willing to honor Jesus
not so much for what he may do for
us as for what we may do for him.
The Fickleness of Hlumanity.
Palm Sunc'ay emphasizes the reckless
and unreasoning fickleness of the hu
man race. Christ. the popular favor
ite, being led to crucifixion within six
days after his triumphal entry into Je
rusalem. has his counterpart all over
the world. Human likes and dislikes,
adulation and denunciation, approba
tion and prejudice are very apt to tread
upod each other's heels. The oscillat
ing pendulum which swings one way
gathers momentum to sn ing as far the
other way.
If we make an idol of common hu
man clay, as the French did of General
Boulanger in 1SS9. then in a very little
while we may become iconoclasts and
smash our idol and also the shrine be
fore which we once worshiped. Presi
dent Carnot understood this fickleness
of the human race. Wheri the "Man on
Horseback." as Boulanger was called,
threatened to ride down the Champs
Elysees and overthrow the French re
public, some of the leading stateshmen.
like ex-Premier Waldeck - Rousseau.
wanted the president to quietly lead
Boulanger to the outskirts of the city
and have him shot for the good of
France. The president only smiled at
his friends' anxiety. He said to them:
"Wait, wait just a few months. The
rabble will turn. Then the most popu
lar man of France will be the most de
spised. Such popular adoration as this
Isa always-short lived." Carnot spoke
better than he knew. Not only did the
-tidal wave of public adoration which
threatened to ittt the "Man on Horse
back" into the Tuileries subside, but
within a few months,3eneral Boulan
ger was friendless. In despair he com
mitted sulel4e by the grave of his mta
trees, Mme. Bonnemain, while an exile
In Brussels.
The Duke of Wellington well under
stood the ficklenes of popular ap
plause. Long after the eonqueror of Na
poleon had regained his popularity and
had become the most beloved subject
of the Victorian empire he always kept
the fence around his eity home broken
down as kn object emsson to recal the
time when the London mob battered It
down to show their disgust at one of
his oflteal acts as prime minister.
William E. Gladstone was again and
again execrated in the streets of the
British capital, through which blehisasd
body was afterward carried to sleeb its
last sleep among the honored dead of
Westmipster, the Prince of Wales. now
king, being among the pallbearers.
Joan of Are. who led the French ar
'mies to victory, was deserted by her
followers, who came to believe her a
witch and a devil. The same tongue
which once charmed the Roman assem
blies was afterward cut out from the
mouth of Cicero by the mobs and nailed
up in the Romans Forum, with the epi
taph, "Thou fool, wag no more!" Ah.
we do not have to stand among the vo
ciferating multitudes of Palm Sunday
to hear and see the ficklieness of the
human race! We can see everywhere
the human idols being shattered. The
same voices that are ready to cry to us,
"Put him upon a throne!" are the voices
which tomorrow will call, "Lead him
away to execution!"
Is Popular Applause Worth Seeking
Now., my brother, as the adoration of
the human race is so short lived, it
does not pay to sacrifice everything for
popular applause. Cannot and will not
we live vith the nobler and higher pur
pose of trying to have God rqther than
man think well of us? Would that we
might one and all heed the blessed ad
vice which "Chinese" Gordon a short
time before his death wrote to a friend.
then living in distant England:
"Dear Friend-Why will you keep
earing for what the world says? Try.
oh, try to be no longer a slave to it.
You have little idea of the comfort of
freedom from it. It is bliss. All this
caring for what people will say is your
pride. Hoist your flag and aplde by it.
Thank God. I am quite well and- so
happy now that I resigned the govern
ment of the province and put all the
faults on my 'Friend.' He is able to.
bear them and will use me as long as
he pleases, as his mouthpiece, and
when he is done with me he will put
me one side. 'Casting all your care on
him' has just come to mind."
Palm Sunday Indicates the city as
the greatest of all battlegrounds where
the spiritual onquest of a sinful world
is to be decided. It is the field of Es
Sdrae!on. where the Satanfec and divine
.powers rIs W jal k belr Ias tad and
Iaders will. be annihilated as a chemist Ic
with a pestle crushes a substance in a pi
mortar. It is the Waterloo. the York- jc
town, the Agrigentunl. the Solferino. oi
the Chalons. the Thermopyl~a, where h
all the powers and principalities of n
darkness shall be forever overthrown tl
by the principalities and powers of p.
light, and Christ shall be proclaimed ti
King of kings and Lord of all. h.
Why is the city to be the great field bi
whereon the sovereignty of Christ shall it
be universally recognized? In the city a
there is a commingling of all classes. of
Among the throngs who came forth on ai
Palm Sunday to greet Jesus I see the
good and the bad, the autocrat and the o0
plebeian, the mighty capitalist and the d.
small shopkeeper, the Pharisee, the h
disciple, the curiosity seeker, all com- b
mingling, all circling, some cheering S
and some cursing under their breath. m
We are not to suppose for a moment y,
that all who came forth to see Jesus Ji
threw branches in his way. Oh, no! y
The high priest's hirelings were in ei
that crowd, as well as Jesus' disciples. t
I am thankful that you and I live in a w
great city. We live in a city where ti
our influence for good can tell most T
effectively if we only use that influ- Ut
ence as Jesus would have us do. If I1
we capture Paris for Christ we cap- o0
ture France; London for Christ means w
England saved; Berlin for Christ means k
Germany bowing before the cross. If It
we capture New York and Chicago and ei
our other great cities for Christ, we ti
capture America for Christ Oh, what S1
a blessed opportunity it is for us to be L
able to fight under the standard of the I
cross, where the Satanic forces are un- S(
limbering their heaviest artilleries and t
where efery blow struck for Jesus can n
redound with the best of all results! P
The City pnd the Country.
But while I congratulate you because f1
you are able to testify for Jesus in a
large city I also cast my eyes over the
hills and send forth gospel congratula
tion to the Christian farmhouses that
are helping us in this Christian strug
gle. A city is a great human reservoir
which collects its streams of life fromn
everywhere. Many of those streams
trickle down from country hills, where
cattle are lowing and horses neighing
and sheep bleating and harvests wav- t
ing. These country streams of human
life are the brooks which clarify the
muddy waters of a large metropolis.
The country farmer and his wife are
very apt to fear that their boys and g
their girls will be swallowed up in a
large city and.never heard from again.
But I want to tell you that the major
ity of the mightiest workers for Christ a
in the large cities have been born upon h
a farm. A short time ago thirty-eigh t
prominent business men of New York
city sat at a banquet in the Union a
League club on Fifth avenue. How
many of them do you suppose came
from the country? Thirty-six out of
thethe irty-eight A history of promi- 0
nent lawyers, ministers, doctors and to
merchants in a large city was once
'compiled. Eighty per cent were found p
to come from the country. Thus, yeJ
farmers and farmers' wives, do not
mourn whenever your stout limbed
boys and beloved girls leave you for
the great cities. Remember that you
are giving them to the service of Jesus b
Christ Remember that your prayers
and Christian training are now to p
bring forth their gospel results id the
place where they are most needed. b
When my father, then a young coun
try minister, was called to a large city
church, my grandfather, David Tal- 01
Smage, protested against his going. He n
said: "De Witt, you are doing well now
t n your little country church. Why do
you go into that large city where,your
influence will be swallowed up and no
I one ever hear from you agalnt" But
De Witt Talmage answered: "Father, I
must go. It is my duty to go. I be
lieve God Is calling me to that field. y
And if I go in his name he will bless
me." God did bless him. And so.
farmerd and farmers' wives, God will
also bless and is blessing the Christian
work of your Christian children in the
same way if he has called them to live
in a great city.
Palm Sunday emphasizes the fact
that the easiest way to 'capture a city
for God is to go after the masses. Who
are the masses? -They are the most of
folks. They are the common people
who for the most part fill our churches.
And yet they are the common people
who today, if they are only roused with
holy enthusiasm, can conquer this old
world for Christ. They can do it as
easily as the common people who came
out to greet Jesus on Palm Sunday
made the Pharisees and the high
priest's hirelings at that time afraid to
lift their threatening fingers or to do
Jesus any harm. Today that religious
organization which is most spiritually
influential for Jesus is the church
which appeals to the employee as well
as to the employer, to the poor man's
hut as well as to the rich man's pal
ace, to the artisan and the mechanic
and the laborer as well as to the mer.
chant prince, the capitalist or the man
dressed in broadcloth.
Power of the. Common People.
Oh, the infinite influence of the com
mon people! If we could only by the
power of the Holy Spirit enlist the
common people to fight for Jesus
Christ, under the standard of the cross.
there would be no doubt as to the ulti
mate condition of our nation. When
Robert G. Ingersoll was a candidate
for the gubernatorlal chair of Illinois.
he was defeated for the nomination.
Why? Because if he had been nomi
nated every church pulpit would have
become a political rostrum. Every lit
tle meeting house and prayer meeting
room would have been filled with Chris
tian workers, who would have worked
and voted against him. Thus, if we
could only inspire the great mass of the
church members, made up of the com
mon people, with a holy enthusiasm for
Christ, it woau4mean our political sai
>i t i I=-:m. I teah the extinction i
` ',K ,. hint
,t Ically stated he would do all in his
a power to drive out the destroying dGemi
john. It would mean the purilicatior
. of the holme ::d of the church. The
e heart of the coummon lpeople rings true
f when it is net misled. No wonder
that it was among them that .JesuN,
f passed the most of his earthly mainis
d try. They were We first to recognize
him. From them came the first mem
d hers of his church, and it is with feel
11 ings of gratitude to them iat* we w
y member that it was they who gave b
s. our Lord the only public welcome and
n acclamation that he ever received.
Le But Palm Sunday also throws into
e our raptured eyes the sunrise of Eastet
e dawn, as well as it overshadows oulr
e heavens with the dark clouds of the
i- blackest of all "Black Fridays." Palm
g Sunday practically says to us: "You
i. may have to carry your cross and beat
it your burdens and suffer your death as
s Jesus Christ had to suffer and die, bu*
)! you may also, like Christ, have youl
n emancipation and resurrection and ul
s. timate triumph. This was the reason
a why the ancient Christians chiseled
e the palm leaf upon their tombstones.
it This was the reason why they also had
-. the palm as the symbol of martyrdom.
:t It meant victory-victory in the name
- of the Lord Jesus, victory over this
s world, victory over sin. It meant the
s kind of victory that St. John described
[ In Revelation when he cried out. "Aft
( er this I beheld, and. lo. a great multi
'e tude which no man could number,
t stood before the throne and before the
e Lamb, clothed with white robes antm
,e palms in their hands." Cicero de
I. scribed an athlete who had won a
d great number of prizes as "a man of
n many palms." So today as we see the
palm branches thrown under the feet
of Christ we know that they n;'y be
future symbols. They may remind us
,e of the palms of many heavenly re
wards.
The T#umph of *e Palmn
What a happy day that will be when
Christ greets his loved ones in heaven
Sly lands ame gives to them their victo
rious palms-the palms of reward for
all their past sufferings and trials and
sacrifices which were undergone for
8 him: When Agrippa, the grandson of
Herod the Great, expressed a wish
that Caligula might some day sit upon
e the Roman throne, Emperor Tiberius
was angered. He threw Agrippa into
a loathsome dungeon. There he lan
d guished week after week and month
after month, but when the passing
a time did place Caligula upon the throne
then the new emperor went in person
t and opened the prisoner's gates. He
robed Agrlpoa in royal purple; he gave
him a palace in which to live; he took
k the heavy chains which had once man
acled the 'prisoner's feet and weighed
them, and for every heavy link of iron
e he gave to him a heavy link of gold.
Our Divine Master on that happy day
o- of the rewardings in heaven will give
to each one of his suffering children
, greater compensation than ever Em
d peror Caligula gave to the ragged pris
, oner Agrippa. Jesus will clothe us in
t white, not only the symbol of victory.
d but of purity. He will make the Jew
els of our crown out of the crystallized
tears we have shed in his service, and
in each pne of our hands Christ will
place a palm-the palm of victory, the
palm of never ending joy. Oh. Chris
tian brother, do not worry because you
have to suffer for Jesus! It means a
palm-a waving, triumphant palm.
The palm is such a suggestive symbol
of victory that today I would that we
le might have had this pulpit decorated
with palm branches as an object lesson.
Then. after the service is over, I would
have you, metnbers of this. congrega
Stion, each take a palm leaf home, as
the priestsallow the worshipers to do
this day in Catholic churches. Then.
after you had gone to the quietude of
your own homes, I would have had you
look long and earnestly 'at that palm
leaf and decide what you are to do.
Would you accept the palm leaf as the
Grecian athlete received it, merely as
a symbol of a worldly victory, or would
you accept it as a symbol of a heaven
ly triumph? Accept it in the same
Sspirit that the Christian martyr who
was about to be torn to pieces in the
Roman Coliseum accepted it. But. as
we have not a palm leaf here for you
Sto take home as an object lesson. I ask
you here and now to decide the ques
tion of your life. How will you deal
with yo:r worldly conluests? Have
d your efforta won for you the pain of
wealth? Have they won for you the
1s palm of political power or popularity?
Then, can you cast them down at
Christ's feet and pledge yourselves and
all you are and have to his service?
to If you can do this, you shall become a
spiritual palm tree, planted by tue
river of life, a palm which will blossom
l on earth and which will some day be
transplanted to the heavenly gardens
of the New Jerusalem.
(Copyright. 1003. by Louis Klopsch.]
Spider Webs and Acoustics.
There is hope for the spider. Hither
to he has been evilly regarded as a
predatory parasite, wbich toils not.
though he spins. His toils and his cas
tles in the t.ir have been rudely breach
ed by the long broom of the house
maid. But he may yet come into his
own, for Dr. Javal suggests that the
gossamer tissues with which this artist
among insect craftsmen hangs our ceil
ings may have acoustic virtues. Speak
ing recently at the opening sitting of
the Paris Academy of Medicine in its
new hall (which is acoustically defi
dent), he told a story of a public hall
in England which was noted for its
acoustic properties until in an unhappy
moment the ceiling was given a spring
cleaning and a clean sweep made of all
the spiders' webs and, with them, of
the hall's good name. The doctor does
not suggest installations of spiders'
webs, but thinks it might be a good
thing to hang cotton threads over the
auditorium. Tapestries hung behirl
all the openings on to the rostrum ,.
his ball were found greatly to enhaui
tie acoustic effect