Called to Order at Noon Thursday
by Mr. Frye.
SENATORS SWORN IN.
Twenty-Six of Them Enter on Their
Term of Six Years, Among Them]
Being the Much Discussed
Smoot of Utah.
Washington, March 6.-The United
States senate at noon Thursday met
in special session called by the pres
ident It was an interesting event, as
such sessions do not usually occur ex
cept when a ;president of the United
States is inductld into office, at the be
ginning of each new congress, and this
was the first session of the senate ot
the Fifty-eighth congress. The oath
was administered to twenty-six sena
tors, who take office for six years.
The senate being a continuous body
its officers hold until their successors
are chosen, so promptly at noon the
body was called to order by President
pro ten: Frye. The scene was a bril
liant one and not unlike the opening
of every session of congress. The gal
leries were filled at an early hour and
in the family and reserved galleries
were friends and relatives of the new
senators. The desks of the new sen
ators could be distinguished by the
wealth of flowers which had been pro
vided. The lavishness of the admirers
was shown by the fact that desks and
even chairs in some instances were
completely buried under huge floral
pieces and beautiful .boquets.
After the invocation Mr. Bennett,
the secretary of the senate, read the
proclamation of the president conven
ing the senate in extra session.
The namries of the newly elected sen
ators were called alphabetically, and
each was escorted to the desk by his
colleague. As soon as the names were
called there was applause in the gal
leries. That given to Mr. Gorman was
especially noticeable.
It sla the custom, to rebuke appause in
the galleries, but Mr. Frye, the presi
dent pro tem, overlooked the demon
stration.
"The chair," said he, "is especially
lenient to the galleries this morning,"
atd then he received a round of ap
plause.
Messrs. Spooner and Allison receiv
ed generous applause as they were es
corted to the desk.
Mr. Smoot of Utah subscribed to the
oath with an emphatic "I do." No ob
jection was made to his taking the
oath.
Mr. Cannon's speech in the house of
repsenttives Wednesday morning in
presentig the conference report on
tek geanr$J deSciney bill in which he
g t.at. the senate conferees had
-. > o o. Ilte"at.I blackmail and at
-:t ke~ rule sof the senate, formed
S4Et' ot osome dtt .em*ark by
, ' ab. the senate coter-.
S srs. a1e,, A isan esid Teller.
pleate at 15 adjourned until
Moneday.
MILES AND HAY.
tnal and Secretary of State Discused
Recent Trip itr Former.
Washington, March S.-Lieutenant
SGeneral Miles had a long talk with
acretary Hay about the gor eral's re
c-ent trip around the world. In the
rse e of that tour General Miles had
esasion to visit many United States
i..hssies and -legations moreover, he
.ed an opportunity during his stay
i-n. China to take close note of the sit.
at:'ilon in that country, a subject of
itr interest to Secretary Hay
As for the strictly. military notes
n his -xtended topr, General
e::sIei :bhas Included tehem In a special
Pdti to' the president through the
secretary of war.: t 4s not known yet
fa.. iether it will be deemed politic to
wgake the report publie in consequence
S. Its bearing . o international miil'
*v"r coanditiona.
CASE. OF CRUM.
SeM Wett the Senats to Have a
.ons a the oMesnuon.
Wtshl dngton, 0 0.' March 6.-The
pidn sent the following nominu
ions to the senate:
Wiliam D.l mam. colictor of cus
tinsm, 4irtrlct of Charleston, S. C.;
ir Morris, United States district
;,$te itrict. of Minnesota; -William
2 yrnea t haitnt States attorney, din
i of,: belawant William` A. Day,
'.. ~tr a of Columbia and. Milton DI.
, Minnesaota, assistant attorney
trl; flamunel U. Wilson, pstmas
ter at cponm, so.
Th seinbtiof Crum was report·
S sely " the senate committee
ittr-ysvent coarmss. His
Itw4inauoti ` will b4 e referred' to the
.o e owIng to changes
:` er of the committee the
P st flppeta & tavorable report
I C ~T $**-ho
ltlen. Thba W1ounds Um. Calver sad
Takes His Own Life.
Henderson, Ky., March 6.-Allen
Melton, a well-to-do farmer, who Wed
nesday night fatally wounded his step
daughter and shot Mrs. John Culver,
committed suicide Thursday in a
barn when he found the building sur
rounded by bloodhounds which had
been sent in pursuit of him. Melton
Wednesday night went to the home of
John Culver, where his step-daughter.
Mary Melton, sixteen years old, was
spending the night. Culver was away
from the house. Melton entered and,
seeing his step-daughter, drew a re
volver and fired two shots at her. Mrs.
Culver ran into the room and Melton
fired, the ball passing through her
lungs. He went to home of Dr. Lat
ta, two miles away, where he remained
all night. Early Thursday morning he
went home and Morganfield's blood
hounds trailed him to a barn When
he heard them coming he swallowed a
large amount of paris green and then
shot himself through the head, falling
dead. Two weeks ago, it is said, he
tried to hang his divorced wife, and
it is helieved he r ,urned to Union to
kill his wife, and this is thought to be
the reason he did not commit suicide
when he shot the girl.
Slain by His StepWon.
El Reno, Okla., March 6.--.. B.
Floyd of Canadian county, was shot
and killed by his step son, E. A. Put
nam,during a family quarrel.
NOVEL MEASURE..
Provide's 4ol Mdledals for the Mlothers of
Large Faamilir.,
Harrisburg, Pa., March 6.-Mr.
Blumle of Canton county, the father
of eleven children, introduced in the
house a bill to "subsidize large fami
lies and to provide for gold meda!s
for mothers of large families."
The bill provides prizes ranging
from $10 and a medal to cost $10 to
$50, and a fifty-dollar gold medal to
mothers of families ranging from nine
to 15 children. The seventh son or
daughter born within the state shall
be educated at an expense to the state
not to exceed $500. The act shall not
apply to any woman who has been
totally divorced or separated from her
husband.
AN OUTBREAK.
One Exceeding the IBoxer Uprising iq
Regarded as luImlnent.i
Victorit, B. C., March. 6.-According
to-a dispatch received from Pekin, an
outbreak and carnival of murder, ex
ceeding the boxer outbreak, is regard
ed by many as imminent. Correspond
ents of Chinese papers at Pekin are
sending columns telling of the duplicity
of the empress dowager and of the
threatened outbreak. A Shanghai pa
per says that while the empress dow
ager is issuing edicts commanding re
forms on kestern lines and pretending
to inttate reform, she is secretly send
ing Instructions to viceroys and gov
ernors prohibiting the introduction of
foreign methods in their jurisdiction.
Passed Over Veto.
Guthrie, Okla., March 6.-The Okla
homa senate passed over the gover
nor's veto the bill repeal ng the oil in
spet:tion laws of the territory. ,The
vote was 10 to 2, Senatovs Alexander
and Webster voting with the governor
and Senator Mathews being absent.
VWaterworks Contract Let.
Bouth McAlester; I. T., March 6.
The contract for the entire water
works system of this city, inzl-uding a
mile and a quarter of sewer, was let
for $122,100. The plant is .to be com
pleted by October 1.
Cerbett and Jeffres Sign.
Baltimore, March 6.-James J. Cor
bettt and Billy Delaney- for James J.
JefTries, met and signed articles for a
fight for the heavyweight champion
ship of the world. It was agreed that
the contest take place in California in
July or August, 1903, under the aus
pieces of the athletic club offering the
largest purse. The men are to spar
twenty rounds to a decision; the win
ner to.receive 75 per cent of the purse,
the loser to take 25 per cent.
Child Burned to Death.
Hico, Tea., 'March 6.-The little
child of Mr. and Mrs. Boyd living near
tufatu, was burned to death. The
child caught fire playing in some
ashes that had been thrown out.
Open to Visitorg.
port Worth, March 6.-The new
packing plants were open to visitors
for the first time Thursday and many
inspected them.
Killed Him and Cremated Body.
City of Mexico, March 6.-The char
icoa iburners on the Sosa Hacienda,
having'kdisagreement with their fore
man, Jpan Guillermo, killed him and
eenated the body. Their method was
rather- original sthey proposed mak.
sg a barbecu,- The, body was placed
a a. Pit and a hot Are built over it
sad kept.. going for ten days. The
men bai~e not been arrested, having
led.
esrseIrd to Ceminatte&
W a1uto arch 6.--The bushe
aIsrit l e:ae4oive sesion of. the
ste Ti'ea aiy consatted in referr
is .tai t the _r tti e before'the senate
t .eonlenate ofn tregaE relations
iSa tw;;tatingU m. nataitles sent
Ia ii t- committee which' will pass
-if t e.
10r`e l X, 0m4h *.-There
iRs -a aD th Thwraday.
* 4;-e h t
wide Is *Je CImsIt .Wh ibsehmodes
Seems to Be Aeeriintg.
St. Louis, March 6.-The Wabash
strike situation is resolving itself into
a legal battle for dissolution of in
Junction granted by Judge Adams. At
torneys for the firemen and trainmen
are still at work on affidavits to be
filed in the court showing why the
injunction should not be made perma
nent. The possibility of the firemen
and trainmen of the Wabash striking
as individuals without waiting for the
word from their leaders is now being
discussed. It is s'ated that men are
ready to go out at a moment's notice.
Unless President Ramsey yields it
is further declared that engincert,
conductors, telegraphers, brakemen
and trackmen to the number of 50.000
may become involved in the struggle.
Rumors of secret compact between the
men and leaders to go out even if the
dissolution of Judge Adams' injunction
is not granted, are abundant.
ON GUARD.
Strikers Are Re1ported to Have Attacked
Non-UUnioi, Men.
Colorado Springs, Colo., March 6.
The military are still on guard at the
mills and there has been a clash with
strikers. The city appointed a com
mittee of four to 'meet with General
4Ynager MacNeil of the United States
Reduction company, but MacNeill re
fused to recognize the Smeltersmen's
union, stating the strike would find its
own solution. MacNeil also refused
to meet with representatives of the
Western Federation of Miners. Under
protection of troops the Standard mill
is working. Brigadier General Chase
sent a Gatling gun section and infan
try men to tell Uride, upon receipt of
an affidavit, that attack had been
made by strikers' orders to oust em
ployees and gain possession of the
property.
PLACES FILLED.
Two Important Appointmeints for the De
partment of Justice.
Washington, March 6.-Two impor
tant appointments in the department
of justice were agreed upon by Presi
dent Roosevelt and Attorney General
Knox. William A. Day of the District I
of Columbia is made to be assistant
attorney to the attorney general at a
salary of $7000 a year and Milton D.
Purdy of Minnesota is to be assistant
attorney general. Mr. Day has been
for a long time attorney for the inter
state commerce commission and Mr.
Purdy is a prominent lawyer of St.
Paul. He was formerly assistant Unit
ed States district attorney of Minne
sota. These places were created by
a recent act of congress.
Gaming at Monte Carlo.
Sir Hiram Maxim has been investi
gating Monte Carlo. Quoting the words
of M. Blanc, the organizer of the bank,
"rouge gague quelque-fois, noir sou
vent,' mais blanc toujours," he says that
in the long run the best of systems can
do little more than reduce the loss
which is eventually inevitable owing to
the heavy percentage in favor of the
bank. The official guidebooks of Mon
te Carlo represent the average relations
between the bank and the player as
about sixty-one to sixty and that the
annual winnings of the bank are about
$5,000,000. This would indicate that
about $185,000.000 was taken to the
bank every year and $180,000,000 won
back from the bank. Sir Hiram was
naturally staggered by the magnitude
of these figures and looked into the
matter. He concluded that the amount
staked each year was about $5,500,000 !
and that the bank, instead of winning
the guidebook's 1½ per cent, kept about
90 per cent of the money. In other
words, the chances against the player
coming out even are about ten to one.
Venezuela.
Venezuela has a larger area than the
combined areas of the great states of
Texas, Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama,
Mississippi, Louisiana, Oklahoma and
Arkansas. In figures its area amounts
to about 590,000 square miles. SThe
populationr is 500,000 less than that of
Massachusetts. In 1891 it was 2,323,
527. The capital, Caracas, has 75,000
inhabitants, Maracaibo 35,000, La
Guayra 15,000 and Barcelona about 13,
000. About one person out of every
hundred is pure white, while the oth
ers are descendants of black slaves,
mulattoes, etc., and Indians.
The tepublic has three zones - hot,
temperate a"d cool-according to the
elevatioi of the land. The lowlands in
the northwest are very torrid. Here
great quantities of coffee and cacao are
raised, which form the largest agricul
tural exports of the country. The ch
cao is sent mainly to France, Germany
and Spain and the coffee, which aver
ages a yearly crop of 55,000 tons, to the
United States.- National Geographic
Magazine.'
Would Not Sell a Napoleonic Relic.
Mme. Napoleon Ney, widow of the
late Napoleon Ney, who was one of the
committee of Frenchmen sent to the
United States to present the statue of
liberty to the sister republic, has been
offered a fabulous sum for a unique
_Ney-Napoleonic relic.
It is the official document lssued by
the second republic rehabilitating the
memory of the great Marshal Ney. He
was the grandfather of Mine. Ne.'s
husband.
Marshal Ney was shot after the bat
tle of Waterloo, when the English and
Prusslans held Paris and brought back
Loeus XVIII.
He was shot because Laus sent him
out to capture Napoleon when return
Ing from Elba, and Instead of trylng to
captare he embraced his old leader.
M.ne. Net retases all aCers to the
Cpcius dbenment, for it wathe wlih
Of her h.eband that It soald be left it
k e usem. of the srmy atehsi .
- -+.-.--.
Is·sip and Anecdotes Concerning
Authors You Know.
ISpecial Correspondence.]
New York, March 2.-William Allen
White, the Kansas writer. delights in
a good joke; also he is lacking in rev
erence for those individuals who are
known as personages in what he ': rtus
"the effete east." Mr. Wh:ite was in
Washington a short time ago wirtc!'ing
the antics of congress, when he sawv a
chance to have sonme fun w ith Frank
N. Doubleday, the New YTork publish<er,
and Edward Bok. the editor of the Ia
dies' Ilome Journal.
WVhlite received a telegram from Dou
bleday and Bok that they were coening
through Kansas on a certain daiy and
on a cerlain train. Thereupon i Xhiiie
notified all the newspapers in the state
that Mr. Bok intended to make rear
platform sEleches at till the plri:cipal
stations and would be glad to meet I:is
subscribers. ic.' further said that ir.
Bok at the stations where he did not
find it contivenient to mahke sp:'c.lies
would be found ill the train pr.eared t)
give advice on matrimony. ilow to av:e
mon *y. the cre of tIt' tIoet. i ,t In.o.id
cry and how to huil holuss on a salary
of 6..6. a etk. It wa: ::aI!nloince
that Ir. hok wats phini: t tulk ..,;,-i
tfonlily witL' hXi snl crl'ito'rs anii that
Doubleday was tlr t".I' nt ' l t ,.
thors who had iianuscrip-i to sell.
White thinlks tihat I <unl-d::y .'ld
Bok had a ice nigthbe' Iy time in Kian
sus. b1t ane al s erst without waiti-n.
to find out.
No tmattecr whenr their t,:;s ua:.
to be or where they pass othi _:s: as
of the year, mest i.olul-:r athurs
spentd a large 1la1t o(f tih' winter in
New York. Thomas Nelson Page is an
exception. 11e is rar''l s. no laire, for
his winter home is in WVashi.ittn.
Mr. Page hasi . m.e i ':tliune from
his books. Hie married Mrs. Field. the
widow of 'Mr. Lit'c!" partnler. who is
also possessed tf very grtat wealth.
Their home is one of the 'lrg'st and
finest at the capital, and lboih Mr.
Page and his wife., being fond of g'
ety, entertain frequlenltly. Their din
ners are noted not only fIr the Int'nus,
which are prepared with taste and
judgment. but for the bright pe ople
one is sure to niet at" tlih mallh Iany.
The Page dining room is e,'trernlyI
handsome, and the livih:. roms are si
homelike and attractive that a notc
clubman said he disliked ever to go
there, for it pained him to a e aeay.
Mr. Page is the pr sident of the C he'vy
Chase club, which is devot d to hunt
ing anti outdoor sport, and a leading
spirit in the Metropolitan ,club.
The editor of the reformed and Har
perized IMetropolitan Magazine, Mr.
John Kendrick Bangs, like the rest of
ME. BANGS WAS PAINED TO OBSERVE.
humanity, suffers occasionally from the
vagaries of parlor maids. Not long ago
it was decided that his library shelves
should be thoroughly dusted. Accord
ingly the books were carefully removed.
Now, Mr. Bangs had a grandfather
who wrote quite as voluminously as
himself, though upon a rather more re
ligious range of subjects. All these pi
ous volumes had been carefully and re
spectfully segregated. Mr. Bangs sup
posed they always would be.
But he had failed to reckon with the
agency of the parlor maid. When he
next entered his library, he was pained
to observe his grandfather's volume of
"Letters on Sanctification" standing
shoulder to shoulder with his own
"Houseboat on the Styx."
Mr. Bangs is said to have murmured,
"And the sins of the children shall be
visited upon the fathers." *
Miss Beatrice Harraden in a recent
interview makes some rather interest
ing revelations of her methods of work.
She could not, she says, write with oth
er people around her, so she retires in
the morning to a studio standing in a
delightful old garden. Here she com
poses her story. Two hours of steady
labor is all she requires of herself at
one sitting. She recognizes that some
may consider she escapes rather easily,
but she says she has a way of thihking
out her stories beforehand, so that the
actual writing is done very swiftly,
without hesitation, and at the end of
the two hours she has produced a con
siderable quantity of work. She points
out also that with all her facility she
has not been prolific and speaks of hav
ing spent five years on one book.
RICHARD TUPPER.
At the Vivrga-a Sprags.
He--We must economize.
She-Then you shall give up smok
tg an.I will have my gowns eat los.
WHEN IN NEED OF ANY
Fancy or .Staple Groce
VJSlI OYST3ERS, FRUIT,
or anything in our line. phone or send us Wyur Crtlers. We will
prompt deiivery and the very best quality at the !,west 'prices.
take a loock at our new line of Fancy goyi s ju-t received.
The I. X. L, Grocery Co.;
912 anD514 Texas St. phones 8r and 164.
Orton Hotel , Restaur
OPEN D.\Y V', ;N 111 lUi 1.
Regular Meats Served,
Best in the City, - -
fSHORT OC RS A -EiLiY.
SPECIAl 'C TEN TIO N T -0 ) (E1 'EG,\ O - I .'ESN .
[LEG.\N " '.'OU':S--B ,il TH C'. T) - . .
701-3-5-7 Texas Street, Corner cf Louisiaj
The lo0rs Eim fros. Dr ,o os C
IXCLUSIVEILY \HOi(LES_.LE DEALES IN
Dry Goods, Notions, Boots, 5i
and Hats.
t5o. 512 and 514 Levee Street. New York Office 77 Franklin
S. B. HICKS, President. YALE IHICKS, Vice Presi
W. F. CHASE, Secretary-Treasurer.
DIRECTORS.
YALE HICKS, S. B. HICKS, F. H. GOSMAN, W .F. C
T. H. SCOVELL, G. H. STEVENSON.
[LIMITED.]
WHOLESALE GROCERS
and COTTON FACTO N
Office and Warehouse Corner Spring and Travis Streets, and C
Texas and L.ommerce Streets.
We want our merchant friends in the country,
know that our plant is brand new and up to now
all respects, and all printing entrusted to us w
turned out promptly and in the very latest style.
THE CAUCASIAN.
BOWERS' DRUGSTORE.
Sue. to Aug. J. Bogel.
Books, * Stationery, + Toilet o Articl
and Fancy Goods.
Manufacturer of Flavoring Extracts, Pure Soda and M3i
eral Waters. Agents for Smith-Premiar Typewriters.
Fresh Garden Seed.
Prescriptions carefully compounded with the best and fres
drugs. All favors appreciated and orders given prompt
attention.
FRED W. BOWERS. Proprietor.
C. C. Hardman & Co.,
Wholesale and Retail Dealer in
LUMBER, SHINGLES, SASH,
Doors, Blinds and General House
Firiishing Goods.
Office and Salesrooms Corner Spring and Crockett.
Lumber Yard Corner Lake and McNeil streets
SHREVEPORT. LA.
They are here at last==
OUR GASOLINE STOVES.
Remember we have now a complete line of the bI ct (;:l.,,li. S,,vces on earth.:
The
"INSURANCE NATIONAL."
Years of experience Ihave proven the above assertion, "The Best in Earth."
They are now on exhibition. Call, examine and price, and yiu will buy.
F. MARTEL & SON,
Phone 555. 211 Texas St..
Gardeners and Truck Farmers.
TAKE NOTICE!
We have received our new crop T. & W. Brand Challenge Field and Gar
den Seeds from Northern and Eastern seed farms. This seed possesses
strong germinating powers, produces vigorous plants which insures an abun
dant harvest and means more money in your pockets if you buy this seed.
Write for catalogue and ask for special prices on Seed Corn, Oats, Rye,
Barley, Wheat, Amber and Orange Cane Seed, Alfalfa. Clocer, Millet and
Seed Potatoes, or send us your order. We guarantee satisfaction.
108 Texas St. TUSTEN & WEIL.