CRACK CAVALRYMEN.
OUR ARMY'S FINEST TO BE FOUND
AT FORT MYER.
how the Picked Troops of Riders
Are Trrii y'.i For the Big Spring
Tournrnent in New York-Remnark
ai I feats f' Horsemanship.
';: a' rr, ;po en t 1 .]
r Y ., April ti. For the
pa ~t tu Ir 'i thlere hats wern grrat
., military post here in
in \L lare trdn, New York,
Hurt;:. t'1 `rater part 01f April. The
anny is to 1a represJnted at the tour
nmoiliitt by I troop and hattery, the
teilis to 1'e seleltvdl troim the hest
drillod onni izations at the various
ponts. Naturally the cornunanding otli
cers at each fort are anxious to have
A CAVALRY STUNT AT PORT MYER.
their teams chosen, and difficult drills
and intricate evolutions have been for
a long time the order of the day.
Of those which will participate in the
exhibition probably the most favored
is the composite troop of the Second
cavalry, which has been . exercising
here. This is not the only division of
the Second cavalry being prepared for
the tournament, but it is the one that
has attracted the greatest attention,
owing largely to the fact that it is lo
cated so near Washington. The com
posite troop has for its commander
Captain Lloyd M. Brett. a veteran who
is recognised as one of the best caval
ry officers in the service. The troop it
self is made up of detail from Troops
3, H, G and B and will be divided into
two sections.
The first section wit be fully
equipped, but the second will dispense
with saddles and use blanket and sur
dug.e instead; hence it will be known
as the bareback sectlon. The first will
.perform the evolutions provided in the
regulations to* mounted troops, while
tie *"bareback wiltl give these
and a few additional. Both sectioes
e bees dl~iu hard .As the riding
bsi and beh te almost ready the
omspetitsn to determine the team for
)fadaoen Square Garden.
A visitor to the riding hall while a
d4ill is in progress cannot but be im
pressed by the wonderful proficiency
attained by these cavalrymen. The
saddle troop goes through its paces
fast, Various formations are shown.
and finally -troop tront" ia order-d.
The men then lead their horses out 'in
til there is a space of about six paces
between -each two seen. Sabers are
drawn, and the fascinating saber drill
follows, the man going through the
successive movements in perfect unt
see and without a word of command.
A th end of the iber drill tke comn
mind to lie down comes, 5pd In an ir
stant every mrse Is thrown by its rider
*lthout dia.enting. When the horses
ere again on their feet, A cotlon is
*sede the hbad p# sd 8 tWe bomes
go through the ee pllaatesteps of
the grand marsh. ies are thea
brought out, and the eavalrymen take
their four abrast. Yhee-xeruees con
dudes with a terrise h arse down. the
bell, the botues at breakneck speed.
the ea yelling lH demons, When
whain three test of the vehtors' gal
lery, they are skillfully pulled up, and
the column breaks into sets of fours
and marches out at the hall.
All this Is dlmicut enough, but it is
Inothing to the bareback exercises that
follow. The troopers, equipped in reg
ulation uniform, take the hurdles. as
gracefully and skillfully as the sad
dle bestziding felews. They are re
quired to dismount. vault over the
horse and remount from the opposite
side whil their steeds are first trot
ting and then galoping. Next the men
are formed in columns of twos and
take turns in dismounting and vault
lug over their own horses to the backs
of those ridden by their partners.
When this exercise is over, the hur
dles are again. brought out, and the
men dismount and vault over their
horses as they are taking the jumps.
This is indeed anexacting feat, but it
to performed in ,faultless style by the
agile cavalrymen. With the horses
still in pairs and one man managing
both, his partner vaults to the back of
his horse and, standing, rides over the
hurdles. Three horses are then substi
tuted for two,. and the rider, standin
manages the three A the' top the til
ber. Then foun meen take leer horses
abreast over the .uudiqp, I four men
pladngt on the sasine' beeas. Other
exercises scldeilg dows ith the
-s s, rising a vatgeg over two.
three, fopr and eye are hoGes stand.
lag side te elds
Attend n,. at w "asgo arem
i ta the aessta~eltae t t
Mihq balt As a -g t
mean a woostwe desa '4
MOVING PICTURE TRICKS.
How the fliograph I. Made to Show
Seemingly Impossible Things.
The biograph, having depicted most
things in the world of fact, has now
found now rcalmtis to conquer in tiction.
It has Iecoime a juggler, or. as it
might prefer to en lI itself, an -illusion
ist." and the uncanny feats it perioruIns
will soon put its nore biuniautn (ilIl)(ti
tors to statue.
t It coilnifuenl ii jt- letrtor.ltulus by
showimg on the whilt scr5in two men
se. ted at a small t:b1. 'lly soe in to
be carrying ol an excited conversaiion.
but after solle di<-uusn-iou a rec to
make a wager on the cause of tie (iS
pute. Then each takes fronm his waist
coat pocket a tiny doll dressed like a
boxer ready for a lhaipionship nmatcll.
The dolls are placed on the table, im
mediately "coie to life" and comimence
spurring in the most scientific manner.
The two Gullivers applaud the lillipu
tian pugilists as they tight vigorousy
in a space that might be covered with
a dinner plate, and when at last a live
grain glove inflicts the "knockout"
blow on a head that is smaller than an
early green pea the conqueror and the
conquered are picked up and ignomini
ously replaced in the waistcoat pockets
of their owners.
This clever effect, the manager of
the biograph company explained, is ob
tained by superimposing two films
which are exposed separately. First
the two men seated at the table act
their part of the performance in front
of the camera, and then another blo
graph photograph Is taken of a boxing
match, and the two rolls of films are
then skillfully placed together. The
difference in the size of the boxers and
the onlookers is accounted for by the
fact that the latter are placed much
nearer to the camera than the former.
But even more startling illusions
than this can be produced. For in
stance, the biograph throws upon the
screen a picture of a headless man
standing by a huge egg, from which
one might expect a healthy young
rooster to emerge. The decapitated
man cracks the egg with a mallet and
discloses his missing head inside.
The face smiles recognition and al
lows the hands to take a few hundred
ordinary sized eggs from its mouth,
for no particular reason except to
show that it is capable of further mira
cles. Then it looks longingly toward
the neck and shoulders from which it
has been exiled and is finally lifted into
its place. The complete man then bows
to the audience and dlsappsars. It
spoils a good illuskon to describe too
fully its inner mysteries, but it may
be hinted that this effect' is obtained
by the Judicious use of black velvet
Curtains. Bland velvet, in fact, is the
material feom which the modern bio
graph magician shapes his "invisible
cloak," and the garment is quite as ef
tective as the one the prince in An
dersen's fairy tale wore when he set
out to discover the wicked doing of the
witch.-London Mail.
Uapertene. of Drowning.
We have not for a considerable time
read anything more dramatic and life
like than the paper read by Dr. Low
son on this topic. Death by drowning
has usually been described as a pain
less and even a pleasant one, but Dr.
Lowson is able to contradict this. In
the early stage the most striking thing
was intense, intolerable pain in the
"It seemed as if one were in a
Vee which was gradually being screw
ed up tight until it felt as if the ster
num and spinal column must break."
At this point the author had time to re
feet on how far wrong his old teacher,
Sir Henry Littlejohn, had been when
dsedbrlh death by drowning as being
as pleasant as "falling about in beauti
tal green fields in summer." Gradual
ly, however, after several abortive,
gulping eforts to inspire, as the car
boaic acid in the blood began to in
erease, the pain began to lessen, and
the mental eandition became that of
one In a pleasant dream, and, like a
vivid dream, the author still retains
memory of the clearness with which
his view of the native "hills at home"
fashed across his mind.. Before con
selousness disappeared the sensations
were positively pleasant. Dr. Lowson
does not think that while consciousness
lasts it is posesibla for any water to en
ter the trachea or lungs, though a good
deal is swallowed. - London Medical
Press.
Settled the Jonah Question.
Prank Talmage, son of the famous
T. De Witt Talmage, is more satisfied
today than he wrts two months ago.
Frank i 'a clergyman and, like all
preachers, must answer at least once
in his life certain stock questions.
Among these questions are the "evolu
tion of man," "eternal fire" and "Jo
nah's whale."
The question, propounded at a liter
ary society composed of embryo ors
tors and .statesmen, was as follows:
'.Mr. Talmage, do you believe that the
whale swallowed Jonah?" Without a
m enedt's helitation Mr. Talmage said:
"What p You have I have. Why
the same ts should make me believe
and you disbelieve I cannot say. in
order to come to a decialon let me say 1
.tat the whale did swallow Jonah, for
was a preacher, and the whale
has been spouting ever sines."
Ce*t *t Nameakia.
One disadatage of a country of
latge terrios7 is that it renders map
a venulv. bDgland, with its
email ae, hss been mapped on a scale t
st Asennhes to ate le, Mtge engh 1
ohr evsa0 beuse. The mapping I
s square mile, or about a
watk as this estry
I its t er, on a 1
RELIC OF NAPOLEON.
MEDALLION STRUCK TO COMMEMO
RATE T14E LOUISIANA PURCHASE.
To Be Shown at St. Loui. Fair In
Connection With United Staten'
Exhibit-Curlous Sonvenir of aiirly
Diplomuatic Service.
ISpc. al eorres(onl' ný.]
St. Louis. Ajril 7.- I1n. W. II.
Michael, win) I represent:s t ii depart
imnit of slate ilo the lfil ] I Staos
gOcertt fent houIrlt, hI:1s te nnttl - il
chased several ai'ticles wliiili will add
interest to the exhibit of his duirlrt
ment at the Louisiana 1'trcliase expo
sition. Conspicuous 1tanog thiese is a
bronze medallion bearing tie heads of
Napoleon 1. and Marie Louise, struck
off by order of the emperor to com
memorate the Louisiana purchase. Un
derneath the two finely executed heads
is an American eagle under an anureole
of stars. Surrounding the medallion is
a scroll emblazoned with emblems
typifying the amity which existed be
tween France and America. The
whole is Inclosed in an old gold frame
which dates back to the days of the
empire. It was the property of one of
Napoleon's generals, and Major
Michael got it direct from the grand
daughter of the original owner, to
whom it descended.
The medallion and its symbols re
call the fact that Napoleon once had
a strong following in the section in
cluded In the Louisiana purchase ter
ritory and in Canada and that great
sympathy was felt for him when he
was banished to St. Helena. This
sympathy found frequent expression In
the newspapers, songs and poems of
that epoch.
The most substantial movement in
his favor started In New Orleans and
extended to St. Louis and Canada. The
originator of it was M. Girot, a
wealthy citizen of New Orleans. His
lieutenant was M. Peugney of St.
Iauls, an ex-officer in Napoleon's ar
my, who had won the cross of the
Legion of Honor and who was a near
kinsman of the Count de Montholon,
who shared Napoleon's exile in St.
Helena.
M. Girot furnished the money and
M. Peugney the naval and military
experience to fit up a vessel, manned
by sailors and soldiers who had been
carefully drilled In the suburbs of
New Orleans to climb bock escarp
ments. The vessel was ready to sall
when the news of Napoleon's death
reached MM. Girot and Peugney. The
object of the expedition was to forci
bly rescue Napoleon from his island
prison and bring him to New Orleans.
They wer. so confident of his rescue
that M. Girot built and furnished an
elegant home for Napoleon's occupancy
on Rue St. Louis In New Orleans. Ts..s
house was an object of interest tot
generations in New Orleans, and its lo
cation can still be pointed out. the
grandsons of M. Peugney, now promi
nent citizens of St. Louis, possess a
chket of documents and Napoleonic
souvenirs that would prove invaluable
additions to any Napoleonic museum.
These documents have never been
translated. It is said that some of
these came from St. Helena after Na
poleon's death.
Racaniv .I. wo m-- enealne the nen._
Recently I was discussing the pro
posed Girot expedition with a United
States consul stationed in Canada. He
knew the story and promised to send
me further proofs of It from the fam
ily of a distinguished French refugee
who also had many manuscript papers
bearing on the same subject as well as
documents showing that many French
Canadians contributed money and men
to M.( Girot's expedition.
Another curiosity Major Michael has
parphased is the lapel of a coat which
gives one an Idea of the gorgeous uni
form once worn by our diplomatic and
consular officers. This lapel Is of blue
broadcloth covered with acorns and
oak leaves embroidered with gold
thread.
It has a history. A Virginian was
sent to the court at Versailles as Amer
ican minister. Secretary of State Liv
ingston had prescribed a regulation
uniform, the official plans of which
will be on exhibition at St. Louis. The
official tailor was a Mr. Loudoun, from
Virginia, whose shop was opposite the
United States treasury in Washington.
The new minister, a gay young bach
elor, ordered the uniform and started
for his post, where he appeared, ac
cording to Livingston's requirements,
resplendent in knee breeches, gold buc
kles, short sword, cocked hat and a
coat of blue broadcloth elaborately
embroidered in gold braid.
He remained in France a year or
two, came back to Washington, met,
fell in love with and married a Vir
ginia girl. He was, hard up for funds,
so he left his costly diplomatic coat in
Mr. Loudoun's hands as security for
the dreas suit in which he was mar
ried. In the meantime the adminis
tration changed, and William L. Mar
cy, the new secretary of state, being
very democratic, abolished the diplo
matic and consular uniform.
The minister had no further use for
the gold embroidered coat,-so be went
O1 without redeeming it, and Mr. Lou.
doun had to remove and sell the gold
braid to reimburse him for the dress
sait. The lapel was kept as a souvenir
of the Incident.
Mr. Michael heard of it and secured
It for his department at the coming
worlds fair, where many Americans
as well as Eiuropeans will be surprised
to ** that the United States did not
atWiys require its diplomatic and too
soall eators to appear in ordinary;
we Rees, but that ones Upon a
UM A *h 8oma the Snag reprsummtn
yes. ses as smirseso as
Ji. tlis seMe bs as
HATS FOR SPRING.
Some of the New Creations Are
Poems In Lace and Flowers.
[Special Correspondence.]
New York, April 6.-Without wishing
to draw comparisons, which Mrs. Part
ington says are odorous, I think it is
safe to lenin rk upon the 1-J I i-etie
appearance of the new hats. Tiey are
not altogether hits of iace,. ribblon :tad
other mraterials as Ihey italV' l'i'enr . Int
these mnaterinils. siitjpl& in lit-niemselves.
have ie in trIti-'d iOry genir s into note
thiflg 11or0 that a Iln:t usutally Sta ndis
for. liew rs, wit en' they are used. are
put on the Ia t not so mnurnh to decorate
it as In express sorme raniing. and
thus there is a new spirit in the spriing
millinery, that of po-try and grace.
Straw, hurnt. sized and plain i rd
also mingled with chiffon. lace, chenille.
velvet and shirrings of soft silk mous
selines, form the foundations, wbile
tulle, lace, nigrets. plumes and blos
soms without number form the hodies
of the hats. The crowns are wide and
mostly rather flat, while the brims are
everything that mind can conceive.
One lovely and poetic hat was as flat
as a pancake and made of row after.
row of tender green chiffon folds. The
brim was laid in several folds, so that
it was quite thick. Under it was a lay
er of handsome heavy lace through,
whose meshes the faint green showed
.7-,
Ci. 1 .
'3 .1,
BoxS NEW SPRING HATS.
delicately. On the left side under the t
brim there was one shriveled white
rose, with brown and wrinkled foliage.
On the place where the crown would
be, supposing there was a crown, was
a fine white aigret held by a twisted
dark green velvet knot and so placed
that it almost lay down. The feathery
part was turned to the front. Many
algrets are seen, and all are set for
ward in the same way and held by
some kind of ornament in that posi
tlo.
I noticed one queerly shaped hat. It
wat part turban, but with the brim
made to stand out straight on the right
side and front, while the rest was high'
brimmed. The whole hat was made
of braid an inch wide in black and
white woven so that the black and
white formed a plaid. There was a lit
tle chiffon drawn around the crown,
and almost in front was an all black
algret held by a rich silver and jet
arrow. One striking hat was made of
plain roughish straw in a beige shade.
It was slightly dipped in front, while
the whole thing was covered with ge
raniums in scarlet and pink, their vel
vety petals covering the whole with
out any foliage.
On the other band, there are thou
sands of hats with more foliage than
flowers, as nature produces them-vio
lets, lilacs, myosotia, syringia, with
white blossoms and masses of the
beautiful green leaves; dogwood, flag
lilies, orchids, hydrangeas, roses, hi
biscus, lilies of the valley and roses of
every known kind. And this by no
means exhausts the list.
In the makeup hats-for there are;
many that are for sale ready to trim
there was one exquisite thing for a
young woman. The flat itself was of
pale blue chiffon laid in flat folds and
without a croyn. When these is no
crown, there is a bandeau beneath the
hat which serves to hold it on the bead.
Over the chiffon was laid a piece of
heavy white lace, and above that, Ilke
a wreath, lay pink crush roses, with?
just a couple of leaves. Beneath the
left side of the brim there were some
more roses and across the back, partly
falling on the hair, a whole big bunch
of buds scarcely showing the pink, so
small they were intended to appear.
A fiat hat of white chiffon had a
wreath of delicately tinted hydrangea
all around the brim and a flat looped
bow of ribbon to match hanging at the
back. Another striking confection was
of all white chiffon and loulsine ribbon.
with a big rose spray, with lots of foli
age, one jack rose and one bud. The
ribbon was brought all around the
brim exactly on the edge in a series of
puffs and loops, with a large bow at
the back where the ribbon falls to the
shoulders. A very dainty pale blue
chiffon is laid in rather loose folds on
brim and crown. Lying flat on the
brim and beneath it are bunches of
syringla. It is very pleasing. The
same scheme was carried out in black.
Black and white are quite as well liked.
for small hats as last season. A flat
hat of black mohair has a drapery of
white tulle around the brim, and nes
tled in this is a wreath of lilies of the
valley, with many leaves.
Turbans, fiats and tricornes and many
shapes adapted for the showy picture
hats are seen, but the turbans- are
mostly black or in dark colors and with
little trimming. The hats are made of
closely shirred or folded chiffon or
even tul6 and ornamented with per
heps a few bottons of fine jet
ADmes the newest of the hats is the
e.owr shaps. hlip In all of the Ilght
and dsllmt. shades of the sesmin'e*
eisvs is seen, and the pasesion tes
bssesrlus thiag hae. t thm
too ,Itnems
C. C. Hardman & Co.,
Wholesale and Retail tealer in
LUMBER, SHINGLES, SASti,
f)oors, f3linds and Gieneral Rfouse
finishing Gotods.
IOfice and Salesroomls Corner Srn ; !(H
L mnnbr \oril 1. nr unl vl \eil
SIlEVk ! X T. Li \
Gardeners and 'mIcts Farmer
tAKe NOTIBCM
We have received WWr n< v crop T.A \ . - h Feld andr(
den Seeds from Northern and Eastern and En" ( P0
strong germi atinting powcr. 1rluce s ti i I n res an
Iia t harvest and aneans I re tunney in 'i Ita v thi
Write for catalogue and ask fit special hase - t j >rn. Oat
Barley, Wheat, Anther and Oranige Cane Sctd. t\1n l,,nccr, Mille
Seed Potatoes, or send it your order. We g arfntee visfactnn.
108s exas sy 'USTEN & WEIL.
WVMEN IN NEED OF ANY
Fancy "or Staple Groceri
FISH. OYSTERS. FRUIT,
or anything in our line, phone 0? send us your orders. We will give
prompt delivery and the very ?lest quality at the lowest 'rices. Call
take a look at our new line of Fancy goods just received.
The I. X. L. Grocery Co.,
512 and 514 Texas St. Ihones 87 and 164.
DR. M O FVETT'S
(TEETHING POWDERS
es Cholera~nfmantum, Diarrhoea. Dysentery and the Bowel Troubleso
da/d Aide Digeetion. Regulates the Doweis, Strengthens the Chldi
TETIN AGY. Cures inrurtIons and Sores, Coli. Hives and
and prevents Worms. 1tTM Countrat adoercomes the KifeetW
Summer's heat upon Teething Children. and costs only 25 cents at
mall 25 oenta to C. Ji. MOPPETY. M. D., St. Louis, Mo.
Orton Hotel N Restaura
OPEN DAY AND NIGHT.
Regular Meals Served, '
Best in the City, " -
SHORT ORDERS A SPECIALTY.
SPECIAL ATTENTION TO OPERA TROUPES.
ELEGANT ROOMS-BATH CONNECTION.
70f-3-5-7 Texas Street, Corner of Loulsi
We want our merchant friends in the counts
know that our plant is brand new and up to n.
all respects, and all printing entrusted to us w
turned out promptly and in the very latest style.
TIiE3 CAUCASIAN.
EXCLUSIVELY WHOLESALE DEALERS IN
Dry" (oods, N4otions, Boots, .Sh'
and Hats.
510, 512 and 514 !I vee Street. New York Office 77 Franklin
S. B. HICKS. President. YALE HICKS, Vice Prs
W. F. CHASE, Secretary-Treasurer.
DlIRECTORS.
YALE HICKS, S. B. HICKS, F'. H. GOSMAN, W .F.C
T. H. SCOVELL. G. H. STEVENSON.
THE HICKS( CO0MPANY
[ LI MITE D. ]
WH~OLESALE GROCER5
and COTTON FACTOR
Office and Warehouse Cornet Spring and Trax is Streets, and C
Texas and Lo0mmerme '-tr ets
BOWERS' DRUGSTORE.
Suc. to Aug. J. Bogel.
Books, 't Stationery. * Toilet + Artici.
and Fancy Goods.
Manufacturer of Flavoring Extracts, Pure Soda and Mia
eral Waters. Agents for Smith-Premiap Typewriters.
Fresh Garden Seed.
Prescriptions carefully compounded with the best and ft
drugs. All favors appreciated and orders given proil
attention.
FRZD W. BOWERS. Proprietor.