;'i l J TU i ATE JNK.
In "I.,t , :',." 1. Iedrolb Utnrenn,
"I ' ; I;It
····· I i r~ I fl l b h
Of.; n n i r i f'ir flar tiri
l .,1 I,'t. , hitV t ii' i con - ,
R e,.ttnII. o - ' I :l j r''d', , . I , I i ' t - - IIn
t:,lni-, : ,l It ,. 1 I, i I, ti . n,1,-r A ll
+nt' f10 '1I " wi t Ii i. o tllli l' ,illt f i.\I li0' t.l
, , ,r ' .: ' \i :ti l l u 1 ut I \'. -; , I I ' 1 1 iTI i t nl~-lo i
dr : olllJn - r "ii r I l, rltlt a in I I : I I I ilt z
#iie trnik tiu it . Ht e IIR SI lu:t of tre
Iri. e, s r ' 1 "',11 - I r' t' ly I t o't !I' T 'r~ ' h. ,'rl
w'ItI, ut , i iiturbin1 ally other articlh of
L. I o, Init\tll t h ighlyt t o I c n
wI'lleh the Oannl l rt o md't-I I ll ot1t ofo the
o trlinr.tiely 'iri ollr nient, I.ri II ' " len t h
re-s It'i Ik ll c a i' ruc tel ht inirathll rs.
tohis remtr le- Ivnm ti 11al for from tr$as
Artinotr iop' r art ile I.,s the bu rea
tiherg..nniell W!rI Il n rotir trlany iividees
knlrto felrn-1l wanil tw foI r boiles anfil
Uhndler ,rn.!,fsI. heo lM an nmisually
-ar-op Ira t ri e Win t .01'. utrlr whir-iart is iit
for hats nI . a i'r ut-reI drtiu ile I tipert,lt
fontr ul,'r lor Cn hae kpt y withll. sahe
thli old fa1shiional Inet'iid, na thevy 011nl
tbe packed price atly from 0 upward ito
Iatie s.oxts-or. Thruy a youtd witpreer
layers of nignate t-one o ither omd, to
wh tb time. mandy he Ibott at of the
skp. tsey aret so p.nned, and thro carry
ti e daitiets f tapst cre ttion over the top
to he re stination without crumpling.r the
'ostumes joltin- or jarring. 'The length
ti 40| in,1144 and the height 20 inches.
,This modh'l can he had for from $23
wipward.
Another popular artlele Is the bureau
trunk, whi,.h opens from the front and
Is th::P ,.unterpart of Its namesake.
"There are uintlural hronze handles, four
skirt drawers and two for bodices and
undergarments, hesides an unusually
-dlep hat depart'nnt, under which is a
mecret drnwer wlhere valuable papers,
.money or jewels can he kept with safe
"ty. The price is from $20 upward for
a 411 Inch length.
Hat boxes--or trunks, as you prefer
to designate them-one of the comforts
of the times. may be bought at from $6f
tip. they being so planned as to carry
the daintiest creations of millinery to
.their destination without crumpling.
A MODERN CONVENIENCE.
nneetllla the Upper Floore of the
House With the Iaundry.
A very excellent modern convenience
•s the shaft leading from the second
'Story of the house, where the sleeping
00
02J
~ aAP` 0
V-~~~~~~~~~·JJJJJJJJJ
* Srl? e
1I8BU LAVNDBY SHAFT.
Woolns are located, to the laundry on
the QrIft door or in the basement. Down
th,oughb tbis shoot can be sent the soUl
~d bedding, the soiled towels and
clothilng. without the necessity of a
'trip down stairs. The top of this shaft
can be located in the back, upper hall
or wherever in the rear of the house
the location of the laundry below may
make it necessary. The illustrations
eutilclently explaiu themselves. Where
the laundry is in the basement such a
shaft becomes almost an absolute ne
esdilty in order to save running up and
down stairs. In this case an opening
Into the shoot should be provided on
the first floor also that soiled table uln
-n. etc., may be thus seat down to the
laundry from this floor. Such a de
vice can be put into a house already
'buillt very easily, as only the cutting of
one or two foors Is required, says
iWebb Donnell, who describes It In The
iadles' World.
mrats Per the weasemad.
Always hang loni brooms up by a
.l f string through the top of the
It scrubbing brushes are stood on
end to dry, they will last much longer.
Soft paper kept in a small bag will
be found useful for many purposes.
snall pieces rolled up and shaken
about In water will clean water bottles
post thoroughly.
Soft paper is excellent for rubbing
plate, and tissue paper will clean and
polish any kind of glass.
Hot vinegar put on a cloth will re
move spots of paint from a window.
Tbe viegar must be very hot.
The biaks of silver brushes can be'
bet bright by rubbing with a flannel
rippe in ammonia.
Ordinay tea marks on china may be
wadUJy dissolved by scrubbing with a
lh dlasd In a salt and vinegar. .
A NEW TERROR.
aln~,e I ,ed In the Manufnactur- of
lriti.1h 4 nnlds.
! I1 i i i !I1i. \I l i
II: : ; 1 l' l l .(1! >1 .11' :II't, J t!II . I 11' 1111 :It ,
(ur. ne i r-lll' ii :Ls. f 0,l, i",i :i'i'1 ,I i'
!ln l'., :1\- \:ts ij 111 .t'i1 h,, . i lt l , chur
l1' 1 t, 1\' 11 1:1 g n l; r:l"'I i, l e rn111
1;1,, i.' :I l H':1' ' ll '".; '. r ef ti": ' lll
t111 It '1I Sitn-c i- fi.1 ii In 1 jili lty111
+'t ' " ll tllj' 1 t1 " itt ' i'0 1 it" ' :i l e.1 :1, 1itlt 4 l11
"he (t',' of 0.11'l. III th,'1 tiwrt:ld coll
tt1i i nli' l t a lie l i IJ i illi : 1. t1 01 1t1-i
Il l ,utrl. -~ItIi thi' P'.it'I i iltllsI tltl. ..
tii 1iti ,- ti ill ter i the s lIliilt- 1s tii it - tI
eitr jtl ti +1.\, lire- tli il, tl, l' 1h(IIa -
I'l'H I rII 1" lt ln a tla I g "lra t'4 \\ tilt' ] 1111",
atil ttll the d'ifi ItIy i tlbe perfectily
haR n Irll it lii. n J s c il s lii i
:.\ . what ui; 'Px: ..'t1.d mnl ,11 'mast
Iobj, 'ta.1 1,, l1h1 llf +.l l III of mn nin; llatini
orrtiw:. 1not to meien iro.lht Ir to our
altics suc s aplters of .las, o that cthe
hi\\l t 11I55 Jngt app( arIlil' ' f rkln the ll
cl'r t . suarts. V e have in ror l'l ra
irrt' t trhe sent of to it's I: a norrspItil
PlIt u- it"t l'\e(ll htt lor 'o'nalysis, 'nid ho
relnts ofthat these sweetgh ls nfre rtionr,
so Il two I ttlef rlnlrch make.. vhioh :1tl
canllin ah liberal sprillliln. of glass
splinters. hcen ti frm w 't is disslvre l
in wItIl walt. ter, the 0plint ce r li tle re
tglon o f tte appendix. The , into persnlt
trl fttir e erol days. The egffct splinrp
t'"rs pir'e'mnt loth shark pin.ts . 011
lss partiles lodging Injury tothe ppe wall
pof tily that thesive nlitterl. It dirtlfic lt
toare inglass. They more tpowerful Mechan Ic
It bollhiit water or in boiling anclld - and
l elt ant than ags of glredass, iOn
analysis we obtained il. atill n lle hsoda
orrlahe. not to mention lther dtisturh
anl a little eard hch ar e t y foreign
htitunts cJagged thn n ghass. l'rin the all
mentary canal.
Ther on the sweets to which we halve re
ferredmight easirely sent taken us byor a corgelatrepon or
ca.nt with a requess ist for anlys preps, and he
relt is probable that these sweets were partaken
adof y two little childmpren, who shortly
afterwar ub suffte ored frmcane saevere ah-n on
domial onerain, In the one case In the re
glion of the appendix. The pain persist
4-l for several days. The effect of sharp
glass partliles lodging in the appendix
could, of course, be easily disastrous.
Our analysis enables us to say most
posticely that thee glttrous becng particles 1
are glass. They are quite unchanged I
Sboiling water or n bseriousiling id andto
mhelt bnto beads at a red heat. On
analyidd s we obtained silienoa, lime, soda
and a little lead, which are the con
stituents of common glass. From their
appearance on the sweets the flakes
might easily be taken for gelatin or
mica. The glass Is probably prepared
by crushing glass bubbles.
It is probable that the practice is
adopted In order to compensate for the
absence of any crystalline appearance
in glucose, which Is now so much used
as a substitute for cane sugar In con- e
fectionery. In such a case the prac
tice Is not only monstrous because It Is l
likely to lead to serious injury to
health, but because it is a fraud also.
Sanded sugar was bad enough, but to 4
put glass splinters in sweets is dia
bolical.-London Lancet.
A
The Beetblack.
It is hard to realize that the boot.
black is an invention of the ladt half
century, yet he is now celebrating in
London the fiftieth anniversary of his
appearance. He came upon the scene
in 1851, the year of the great exhibl
tion in London, the first of the "world's
fairs." The city was full of visitors
from all parts of the world, and the
problem of the street arab was a seri
oun one. Mr. Macgregor of the famous
Rob Roy canoe suggested that the boys
be organized into a great bootblacking
brigade, and he himself made the first
box for holding the "kit." the model of
those still in use. Idlers jeered the
boys at fl-st and s :net!mles storied
them, but the public found their serv
ices so convenient that the trade was
profitable. It has prospered ever since
and is now, if not one of the learned
professlons, at least one with a history.
Josh BRilings' Theology.
We do not know to what church Josh
Billings belonged, but his theology was
correct In some particulars at least.
"M1enny people." he says. "spend
their time trieing to find the hole whaur
sin got Into the world. If two men
brake through the ice into a mill pond,
they had better hunt for some good
hole tew get out rather than get Into a
long argument about the hole they
cum to fall in.
"There Is a great deal of religion in
this world that is like a life preserver
only put on at the moment of extreme
danger and then half the time put on
hind side before.
"Sin in the soul is like a sliver In the
flesh. Mortiflkashun isz the natral way
tew git rid of it."-Exchange.
Attracted by Royalty.
The attendance at the Chapel Royal,
St. James', at the midday service has
enormously Increased during the last
three months in consequence of the
king and queen usually attending.
Queen Victoria had not been seen In
that place of worship for more than 40
years. It is understood that the Chap
el Royal at Buckingham palace will
no longer be used as a place of worship,
but that it will be converted into a
music room. This chapel has not been
used for ordinary service since 1861.
London Truth.
Druakemaste In England.
If I were asked to say in one word
what was the matter with England. I
should reply, "Drunkenness." What
causes this drunkenness? I will not
venture to declare, but from it springs
practically all the ills to which the
Britisb social organism is helr.-Lon
don Interview With Miss McDowell of
\hC~· _ , ______L
LU- Vv Ni; i-, CVLR.
Alltin.- t oii f I ,l IA i 1;1 RIno. and Law
Itoni 1. .l'ti. t i'i sIh ,d.
~I lli - r T draw
iN." .'f ' tIll:: ' ht:'"I: r- ini tith ' U nitt1r
`t.t I i , ,.r% w"i ,T in".n hiid yes
t r l;ii. 1,,tt ,io ;i.< hinviil g b-in
litiidl diu tl:,r ti. Ih i r w,alr i li oult t tht
pt f rV n t' n the .i iir , i-liti r ig h ng toi n
hilt- Wit- 11in-i vlit r uilli i thaI lle nr i
i,'n; t-ipnt' .1 i , ii. - i 171t , li i:t, in Oil
dit, i , w' l1lh, w ill d dhilt for thi dly
WIr thr w i riul , f i ,lli. t, lll , -iI ,ie, " Tih i
eti-toit is it ntrl y fit gv.e'ntl antf i
lial tha lihit i t,l lani t i td i tr tiivauie of
thi, :i.i i i nitr h ,-r will nii t o takr ,n in
thl o tO ,lit. -,. h.""nsl iof hin. i stott.l"rs
who will bo di-tlualitid or who will
tl,, lveli, thre nltllry, 'h , vinf their hutsir
t.5iir priersonz whiit will make rutry ink
t i jr ret ll rtvle ,trcl i.l t l.
Two t'hy,'l-_itan will he lft for th,,
wnwn ' ii.-,grants anti Fthl,"r- who hiav.i
ltenl in ii- c"',nentry for miinths and
faild to ratw it nitiher At thio .nd of
60 days t . ,s,, ptri,.ii can go i. urnnodi
ately to lilt, land allie.' aln file, or if
thy settle upliln a homlnsteadl in ldvance
of any oth.,r person they '-an rmoatin
thireon three miiuths lefore filing their
olllreste, sp.clators, who regis
ing; to sell r'ehlllllutshninnt of their
flow VWonman Can Hold C1alira.
Washington, Aug. 2.-Roarding the
question of forfeiture of ( )kiahoma land
selections on account of the marriage of
women succesMful in the drawing. Sec
retary Hitchcock said that interior dd
partiment always held that married
women were not authorized to make a
homestead entry except where they have
been abandoned and deserted by their
husbands.
"A woman not only must be qualfled
- when registering or drawing her num
ber," the secresary added, "but must be
qualified later when she applies to
make entry,
"Marriage of a single woman after
making entry, however, does not defeat
her right to title and patent if she con
tinues to reside upon the land and com
ply with other conditions of the home.
stead law."
NEWS IN BRIEF.
The Texas and Pacific railroad will
erect a fine depot at Paris, Tex.
Major William E. Almy, of the Porto
Rican regiment, died at San Juan. He
was the son of the late Admiral Almy.
President McKinley will attend the
Grand Army of the Republic enoamp
ment at Cleveland, O.
The wife of Secretary for War Brod
erick died at London, Eng
Colombian troops defeated 5000 revo
lutionary troops at San Cristobal.
Alfred Owens, aged 30, was run over
and killed by Burlington passenger No.
41, one mile west of Utica, Mo.
A freight train on the Mason City
and Fort Dodge railroad ran over and
killed an unknown man near Clarion,
I.
Fannie Parent, aged 16, of Tangiers,
Ind., died from burns. A cigarette
smoked by Dennis Wilhams, a young
man with whom she was riding home
from a funeral, set fire to*her dress.
William Wendell, aged 14, was
drowned at Leadville, Col., as the re.
sult of the capsizing of a raft floating
in a reservoir. His younger brother
was rescued by their oompanion, Paul
Connors
Suits amounting to $60,070 have been
brought by residents of Mayfleld, Ky.,
against the water company for failing
to furnish suflioient water at the recent
$200.000 fire.
At Virden, Ills., I.wrence Denton of
Iuka, Ills., was fataly injured by being
run over by coal cars.
Mrs. George Bellville, residing near
Astoria, Ills., was attacked and bitten
by a horse said to have been rendered
rabid by the intense heat.
Fire started by sparks from an engine
destroyed the orchard and hay crop on
the farm of J. M. Cnster, near Pana,
Ills., causing a loss of $9000.
A. S. Noodworth, a mail carrier in
Fort Madison, Isa., aged 39 years, was
run over by an electric car while deliv
ering mail and instantly killed.
Mrs. Loah Hurlburt, wife of E. E.
Hurlburt, a conduct:)r, committed sui
cide at St. Joseph, Mo.
Improvements to cost $75,000 will be
made soon in the St. Joseph, Mo., cus
tom house.
John Findley died at Deming, N. M.,
from wounds inflicted by John Milton.
Reuben Hill of Richmond, Ky., has
been acquitted on a charge of shooting
U. S. Cates.
The annual meeting of the state sec
retaries of the Southern Baptist oonven
tion is in progress at Nashville, Tenn.
The steamship Cottage City arrived at
Seattle with 40 passengers and $155,000
in gold from the Klondike. I
Lead deposits have been found in 1
Wise hill, eight miles west of Anderson,
Ind. t
Isaac W. Platt, a Dubuque merchant, I
died on an Illinois Central train from I
apoplexy. He was 60 years old.
Near Barbonville, Ky., Miss Anna t
Jackson was shot and killed by Will
Hubbard, to whom she was engaged to
be married.
General Wooit Arrives.
New York,Aug. l.--General Leonard
Wood, military governor of Cubs, sac
companied by Mrs. Wood and their
three children, have arrived here on the
steamer Morro Ca.tle .'om Havana.
General Wood said to a reporter tha,
he felt munch better and has not had
any fever for iO bA,
.'ew l trl. L'P"lli Are Prize.n In tlihe
' lr, l P f '',* 1Un.
ti< 1. i it ' i'' I I.. IIr t:n
H t I ' 'r ;,r i. 1 , . . , ; r r in, i
" nI. I - i. r r . .n :11141 : . .' r , l cls
lh - i: . 1 i - ' n b* · :+ 11 1 : + .i ll"-:i" t'
:!~.\ ~ i n l.. l lI -li tlnlll IIn . ';1". 1 ip
Si i f .1 II
t e 't ill" slt ti tl'l a lt I. tll 'r iil Iii '-t itt
\ 1, '" , ei , I, l . , I li. : !!t i l\ 1, 1 I ~ 1' li.r:l '
Iitcit if ll t 'ifll, ·lii' lcj ii s'i. ! rll . ors.i '
h ,lr l I " I th i 'lt;r: l ,ii ir'n +"a lirs
ii lIr ,t In tI . r Itr l t it:ir ehteliet ll s
the 11, <lt pt·1 il It l i;'t m ini ter i ll the
nre ii. th:it , l his s:l i trI d, es in t equali
l: ' l lll it e i ,ll i, ' t lll 11 tis ', ial'i c tors
tinrt 14 tillt I ritts I gl .\\ :it otI the clergy,
li-' Il ,i't . t - ir1.' 11t:t t it lii'l it es allo '
tf l le l Ilti Ii l ,ln tll . tlii'e l listeI s whi i
oari tti I' r i i-i et this sunr i se i I iOr
o ull-it}. +i, \ rlihll \\" 1 hl - h1:ai big
tI1he la'rge itites\ i lt t itre atin ts thre
ceit\, :i r la i t i ll i.l. hi mlii'it l.', for lt i
cialil ,i I h st 'I t i,, .-ih t-t i The to e -
(il l:ii inl , i lt . a ii-n,-i- the igger the
posed to te to ta t' bride. ha or shrts
es a t thlii e cl hristening of thelii lit tle . nes
When ii it iliti. an.rimem iers that hand-i
.some resh i ,lines ar lieivi hovwn in byo
the large l hurhes, in ldl.ition to the
regular sm"l:ar., It will he sel n that a
call to a rich 1 ill l ci hirh is not to ie
Imagines that a pIlrncher has no busi
ness ability would it)h well to consider
that 1i.'1esnil't re -le to have it. le has
a plhasant berth, and he is sure of his
position as long us h, lihles.-New York
1o lr ldi
THE SUN DO MOVE SERMON
John Jamper'n Argumenat For DI.
creditirl the Sclentists.
One Sunday nlhout 13 or 20) years ago
after a long serhis of his typical ser
mions John Jasper arose in his pulpit.
looked signlificantly about him and took
his text from theli book of Exodus. chap
ter xv. verse 3, "T'lle Lord is a man of
war; the Lord is his name."
Ieginning with Genesis and going
through to Rtevelations, lie collected to
gether all the verses that seemed to
teach that the sun moved and that the
Parth was not a ball. lIe felt abso
lutely certain that the Bible was true,
tnd lie couhld not see why anybody
,ould disagree with its plain teachings.
'Bredren," he said, "ef de Bible say
le sun rise an set. detn it do rise an
set. An how ken It rise an set ef hit
ion' mnove?
"In de tenth chapter o' de hook o'Josh
:y an de twelf, thirteenth an fo'teenth
verses dar Is proof strong nufnnf fer
is all. De Lawd said: 'Sun. stand thou
(till on Gideon. and thou moon in the
,alley of AJalon. And the sun stood
itill, and tile moon staid until thie Ieo
)le avenged themselves upon their en
*mies. And there was no day like that
)efore It or after it.' " The old preach
r stopped there and paused a long
Ime. Iinally he said:
"Bredren, of de sun stood still once
when 'twas a-movin an den stahted to
novln ergin lilt is a-movin now!
"IDey say de earth Is roun'. I)at ain't
o, bredren. It can't be so, for de hook
' Revelations. chapter vii. verse 1,
rad, 'Atnl I saw four angels standing
in the four cornerts of the earth.' An
mow, bredren an sisters, we Is livin on
to' cornered earth, an ef de earth Is
at fo' corners how in de name o'
lawd ken It be rouI'?
"Ef de worl' is roun' an turn over
v'y night, how we hol' on? Is we got
laws on our feet like peckerwoods?
"I)ey say 'Its so nmany billions an
qullllons o' tiiles funn hyar to de sun.
low dey know? Is alnybody Ibeen dar?
low dey know it take a cannonl ball
limott' to go dar? Kln ia cannon ball
arry a cookin stove an victuals to
port a iman on de way dar? Gawd,
olks, is dat any argymint?"-Leslie's
louthly.
Flora Macdonald.
On the base of the Flora Macdonald
statue on the Castle hill, Inverness,
there has just been engraved a sen
tence in Gaelic which in English reads,
"So long as flower grows on field the
fame of the gentle lady will last" Im
mediately underneath there Is the fol
lowing quotation from Samuel John
son: "The preserver of Prince Charlet
Edward Stuart will be mentioned in
history and if courage and fidelity be
virtues mentioned with honor."
Bismarck In Germany.
The question, "Who was Blismarck?"
which was put by a German officer to
his men, called forth some curious an
swers. Nine said that he founded the
German empire. several thought that
he was an emiperor, a great number
pictured him as a general. One said that
he was a poet and another that he
translated the Bible. The neatest an
swer was that he was "the kaiser's
greatest enemy."
Discorery In Surgery.
German surgeoIns hI:ve discovered
that the deh'iate nitnbramne which cov
ers the contents of an e. g will answer
as well as bits of sikiin IronI a human
hcing to start the heal ng of oplen
hue ds whic'il w.ol Ia ot otherwise
heal. The di'u)el.r" has already been
successfully t.;.,,d.
BUY YOUR.
iP01' l~) CIDEiI
From
Shre veport, La.
C. BOETZ,
Famil,,
Croecries
327 TEXAS .; ,.EE'L.
Come aid -,xaraiutn iy new clesa
grocery stock. Every bthlg at les
sonable Drices I)on't forgettbe nlaces
AMEND)ED OKRDINANCS
At the srssion of the Polioe Jury held
July 18, the following was adopted: That
the ordinance ordering election fi Ward
'Three for wire fence be sn.soded so as to
read: "That only resldent real estate
owners can vote at said election," and the
date for holding the same Is hereby fixed
for August i4, 191)1.
I' P KEITH, l'resident.
A L DUItiNtiER, Clerk.
July 24, 1901.
FREE FOR TWO WEEKS
Our full three months
COUR13l IN bHORTH AND,
If you aon read you can learn sborthand
by our system, which beats the world. No
Interruption from business. Full course
by mail. We can teach you just as suc
cessfully In your own hcve as at a sonool.
Shorthand writevr in great demand. In
rears your salary by learning this most
valuable art.
To advertlse our school an peerless
system of teaching by mail, we will give a
full course to a limited number who are
w.illing to do c few hours' pleasant work
for us free. We assist graduates in ob
tainlag positions and set them up ti
business for themselves. Send self-ad
dressed envelope for particulars.
COLUB[IA `IHOR I'U AND (CH )OI
Box It, New davea, Conn
Jul as Dreyfuss, David F, Taher
ODRYFUSS & TABE,
Fira Insurance Agents.
222 Milam Street.
Respectfully solicits a share
of your business
W. W WARING
hUldertaker.
AND;DEALIRB 1N.FINL
BUILDERS HARDWARE
g19 sad 521"7EDWARDS 8TREE
Next to Telephone Exchan.e, .right
ne,bus!ress 3enter of the city.
Fiul lih e oft Guranteed Pocket Cutlery
Salseers, ete. Full line of Window, Show
Came, Maze,Cbip and Cathedral Ulass.
Call ana see me as my new store.
Bottom prices for cash or on credit.
Telephones: Store, 820; residence, 90
Allorders for Comllas.attended to day or
night as nuns.
DO YOU
WANT
A SAFE.
GEO. A. FORSCHLER,
;Agent for Worib Baum Safe and
Lock c;o.
Hall Safe and Lock Co.
National Safe and Lock Co
All orders will receive prompt at
tention Address
Shreport, La
B. WOITRAN SAM AD*MS
WORTIAN & ADAMS
TINNERS,
GALVANIZED /Run CISTERN3
MADE IN &NMVOAPAOIrtT
BOOFIIG AID GUTTERIIG A SPECIALTI
614 MAIIYHALL STRIET
Dr. J. J. Scott.
PHYSICIAN AND SURGEON
Slates for Order at!
Reisr' a.Browan', 20 Taxse Stree
lier's Pharmacy, Texas and Market
Avery's Pba macy, 735 Texuaa].treet
corner Common Street.
RESIDENCE: a31 Common Street.
Teleph , e
;-------~-- I
'J'2S'rlJ'l+_'S SALE
In the matter of If ;t:li,l SrI erste!l
I I uL.3Irla i - In l'tnl.rullt
IVe-t rit, 1i triht of .Lou 1lan
'In ob'lince to +n (order in tb bove
entitled iroI eedi,,( , i ', e i on th. tl l ay
of lJuly, 1101, by the Ilonorail,, A I) -d
.Ir, referee in ba.tlkitntllcv for hi WV e
I)j'trict of Loitlltiila, I .%il Ipr i- d to iI
for cahli without the hunhit i ai l;pra
mwnt, to the h!ghert anld er, tiler t
the principal front idoor ol the nin d
States courthouse in ;Ihreveport, Ls,
teen the leIal hours fort el, op
MOINDAiY, At! -T -'I i, fuel,
the follownu. 'dresirlbef, real es at , btlo.ng
Ing to the bankrupt Italheel Silverateln,
anti surrendered by him in said proceed.
Ing in bankruptcy, to- wit:
'ThIe west half of lot No. 1. of b!oak No.
41, of toe city (f Shreveport, State of
Louislama, with all building3 and Im
provements thereou.
The sale will be in te subject to a special
mortgage anti lein recorded against said
property for the sum of $7,!,92.40,1 with 4
per cent iutersit on $7.200 from July 20
1901, and lice interest on $4,0)i Irom July
t;, 101. and also subject to the further
.nortgage and lein of $4,541., wton 8 per
cent interest thereon fronm the 2.;th day of
[hcember, 110.,.
W. WINTNR, T'rustee.
July 24, 1901,
BBT'rkAY NOTICE
Taken up by Robert Hamilton (col.), on
the old Glro place in Ward l"-ur, Caddo
parish, on July 27, and estrayert before me,
the undersigned authority, one email bay
horse, looks like a mustang, branded 0 W
I on left hip, looks like it has been badly
used; no other marks or brands vlsilble.
The owner will come forward, prove
property and pay charges or came will be
sold scoording to law between the legal
hours for sales on
HATUIWAY, AIUGUT 81, 1901.
C u HICKS,
Judge City (Cort, Shreveport, La.
July 81.
AN OxDINANOE
Declaring prohibitlion of sale of spirituous
and intoxicating liquors In Ward Three
of the Parish of Caddo, State of Loal.
Whereas, at rn election held In Ward
Three of the parish of Caddo, under duee-o
tion of the Police Jury, on June 21st, 1901,
to take the sense of the legal voters of said
ward as to the sale or prohibition of sale
of spirituous and intoxicatine liquors In
said ward, 60 votes were cast against the
sale of spirituous liquors In said ward, and
26 votes wese cast for the sasle of spirituous
and intoxicating liquols in said ward, as
shown by the returns of said eleotlee,
duly csnvaseud by the Pollce Jury Of
Caddo parish; therefore,
Be it ordained by the Police Jury of
Caddo parish, State of Louisiana, Is legal
asmembly convened, that from and alter
th list dly of January, 1912, all sales to
spirituous sad Intoxicating liquors ii
Ward Three of the parish of .addo, State
of Louislana, be and the same are hereby
prohibited under the penalty of law.
PP KEIT H, Presideat.
A L DtliLhGElt, Clerk.
July 7
Savin Depnsits
Merchants: and: Farmers:Bark
Corner, Sprtng and. Texze Sts.
Shreveport, La
The saving depoeits of the bank Is one oe
Its deservedly popular features. Ilteres.
at the rate of three per cent per annum is
allowed on. all sums of one dollar and p*r
wards remainngl on the calendar three or
more calendar months.
When made during the first three days
of any month, Interest is allowed on these
depoelte as if made on the first day of the
month. Interest on all sums not withl
drawn will be payable on the first days of
February ace:August, and interest net
then withdrawn is added to the priaelpea
thereby glying depoi itors compound
interest.
D eposits may be mada by married we
men or minors, in theirown namese
Facilltles are given depositors to draw
money.
Deposits made for a longer period than
six a onths Jraw a higher rate thain rd.
ary savings deposits.
FRANK'S HESTAURANT
IN TlHE
SIMON BUILDING 1
A neat parlor especia y
for Ladies.
ALWAYS.SLPPLIED WITH T e
Coffe, first class; always fersh.
Regular Meales--Breakl.i
0o 8. Dinner 12 to 2 om. Sup.
per 5:30 to 8 pm. Short orders
at all hours.
J. BUCCOLO & CO.
PRANL RACCICII, Manager. -j,
Leon R. Smith
AT ;ORUIP AND COUNsULLOR AT :LAWi
Office: :bmlth:Buiding, on Spring street
Will practloe in all State| and Feda
Courts