Wholesale Dealers in All Kinds of
Produce, Field and
Garden Seeds.
of SHREVEPORT STEAM BOTWLING
(WORKS and SHREVEPORT STEAM
CANDY FACTORY,
and 125 Texas Street, Shreveport, ta.
0. DREYFUSS & CO,
. WHOLESALE DEALERS IN
-oods, Boots, Shoes and Hats.
RNER SPRING AND CROCKETT STREETS.
I_ ATTENTION TO COUNTRY ORDERS.
HERMAN LOEB
DEALER IN
Wool, Tallow, Beeswax, Furs.
CE STREET, NEXT TO V. S. & P. RAILWAY.
SHREVEPORT, LA.
to tre sellers the best prices obtained in St. Louis, New
burg, Galveston and Houston markets. Promnt returns.
en a Moment."
have the completest stock of
ture, Matting, Rugs
.... and Linoleums
will make it to your intcrest to call and sec me before you buy.
Scall whet:ler you buy or not. No trouble to show goods.
J. A. Stephenson.
ting...
good printing-commercial printing of value. we are ready
The kind of printing we do is good printing.
snii who wants good printing should bear in mind that
prating we do is always good-the cheapest kind after all.
Brifs a Specialty.
i oklets, -folders, circulars, cards, bill heads,
eads and everything which can be printed are fair
tauch cheaper, taking in consideration the style
is generally paid for careless, ordinary or common.
Ring up wooo.
&Car gy.ros. Printing Co.
- i lu o·m l e "'"."' t r ates a
* .R . I* .ltLnk o J.F.. LIeAU
At . t," . a.siL . PALt t YE:' TrL,
rmant
fibg
F~ffot
6to.8,
1 53·w 0
staRf
Of&ic, Phone g88; Residence, 644
Dr, E G. ALLEN,
COOPER BUILDING.
Roomas 4 and i6, First Floor.
Residence 728 Cotton St.
OFFICE HOURS:
- to .1 a.m.
I '.o and 5 to 7 p.m.
alts left at Palmer Drug Co. and
Carter Drug Co. promptly attendted to.
X. W. Suthrlin. Thos. C. Barret.
if1*
The 6population of St. K ald, the most
westerly of the inhabited Sottish isles,
is a unique one in many respects. The
people are the most lonely in the Unit
ed Kingdom, there being very little
communication with the mainland and
sometimes not for months at a stretch.
Socially the islanders are practically a
commune. If the head of a household
is injured or loses l-is life among the
rocks, his widow nil family share in
the proceeds of their labor as if he
were there to take pirt In it. If family
illness prevents any .ie joining in the
day's work, he is flsked to stay at
home, and his intere.ts will not be lost
sight of. .All que. ions, ompllaints.
, tc., are determined l.y their mode, or
local parliamott, wiose judgment is
final. Early mornin . olf4ferenees usu
ally determine the d:-'s tasks.
St. Kildians are ncnost industrious
and active as well as a religious peo
ple, and on the island at any rate the
vexed problem of clu:nir-. attendance
has been solved. Every tan:. -.v-,man
and child cnpable of la'vina the house.
hold goes regularly to -huriii-. and
only some serio'is disn:lllit ; will koee
any person at homn.--';,ott:., .\l1itar'i
can.
Influence of Children.
Childhood in its \,-;i kness i ofrlan a
strength that resisit tihe strain of a:11
the passions, and that ho,lbs even whien
neep hatred exerts its power to drive
asunder.
"If it were not for the child. I would
not live with you another day," I
heard an angry Ihusband say toI his
rtfe, when righteous indignation drove
him nearly to distrant ion.
That was quite a imumbier of years
ago, and now they have two more cllil
dren to strengthen the bond betweenl
then. This little episode of domestic
infelicity was re'a:lied by somne statis
tics that recently emanalted from Ber
lin and which speak volumes.
These staltistics have l(been ca:irefully
gathered frcli the divo:ce, coullrts. and
show that out of 1,(,)i divorces -i540
were giranted where thlier wore no chil
d(ren, 214- where there v as one child,
139 whlere there wor t -a'o chilrdren. (0
where therie were tIlr',e children.ii, 23
where there wvere fouir children, 12
where there were tiw chlildhren and 10
where there were nix (-hildrenl.-New
Yorliplerahi
lie WVasn't Too Deaf.
Deafness is largely a; matter of habit,
says a writer in the New YTbk Press. I
know men who cannot hear you two
feet away, though you bIawl at them,
yet at the distance of a block they will
grasp your faintest whisper. Some are
deaf for, convenience, some for fraud.
some for hypocrisy. Beware of the deaf
iman. One of the noted deaf men was
old Matt Griffin, long ago an assembly
man from Griffin's Corners, Delaware
county, N. Y. By courtesy deaf mem
bers receive front seats in the assem
bly, while others usually draw lots.
When old Matt was excused from
drawing a fellow member hotly pro
tested. "But the old man is as deaf as
a poet," said the house leader. "Deaf!"
exclaimed the protestant. "Matt Grif
fin deaf! Why, bless your honest soul,
he could hear a ten cent shlnplaster
rattle in a,bag of feathers!"
The 'Jirst Iron Ship.
The first iron ship has more reputed
birthplaces than Homer, according to
Chambers' Journal. Both the Clyde
and the Mersey claimp pre-eminence in
i this respect. Sir E. J. Robison of Edin
burgh designed an iron vessel in 181G,
which was not launched till three years
later, and it is said that an iron boat
was worked on the Severn even as far
back as 1787. Steel was not used in the
construction of merchant ships' hulls
until 1859. Old salts were not alone in
their belief that wood was meant by
Providence to float, but iron to go to
the bottom. A naval constructor of
some repute once said: 'PDon't talk to
me of iron ships. They are contrary to
nature." Now none but small craft are
built of wood in England.
'the Poor Dog.
A Parisian clothes dealer kicked a
dog out of his shop. The dog shot out
with.some rapidity and knocked over
a woman with a Jug of milk. The
woman broke the jug and upset an
elderly gentleman, and the Jug cut
both of them. At that moment a cy
clist arrived and was thrown off his
machine b# the prostrate figures, and
simultaneously a cart came up and
smashed the bicycle. The magistrate
blandly advised the entire squad to
proceed against the dog, and they are
now looking for it.-London Globe.
Plenty on Hand.
"You would get along a great deal
betteri-you didni get so excited," said
the calm man to his. irascible friend.
"Can't you learn to keep your temper?"
"Keep my temper! Well, I like that!"
retorted the other. "I'd have you un
derstand that I keep more temper in
one day than you have in your posses
sion during a whole year!"
It Wsa't All In Him.
"Johnny," said his mother severely,
"some one has taken a big piece of gin
gerbread out of the pantry."
Johnny blushed guiltily.
"Oh, Johnny!' she exclaimed, "I
didn't think it was in you."
"It al't fall. ' replied Johnny; "part
of it's in Elsie."
Two Problem.n
"Doro.y always begins a novel in
the middlE?
"What's that for?"
"Why, then she has two problems to
be excited over, how the story will end
and how it began."
Fortune smiles on the few. To the
majority she gives the laugh.-Ohio
State Journal.
Necessity i- the argrumnt of tyrants.
It is the . t of scrt e---Pitt.
J THEiR ORIGIN IS PROSAiC.
Vekheles Now In Common Use Were
Not Christened In Romance.
Men who in these days "hire a hack"
never stop to inquire how the vehicle
they engage to wheel them to their
homes or to a depot got its name. It
suffices to know that everybody else
calls it a hack. and to them it is sim
ply that and nothing wore. The origi
nal hacks were termed haickney coach
es because they were drawn by hack
neys. a name applied to easy going,
safe pacing horses.
Coach is derived from the French
coche, a diminutive form of the Latin
conchula. a shell. in which shape the
body of such conveyances was original
ly fasl ioned. Seldom if ever is the
full term "omnibus" applied to those
heavy. lumbering vehicles found In so
many large cities. With the character
istic brevity of Engllsh speaking races
the title has been changed to "bus."
These were first seen in Paris in 1827.
and the original name of omnibus is de
rived from the fact that it first ap
peared on the si(des of each coinveyanlce,
being nothing more than the Latin word
signifying "for all."
C('ab is an: abbreviation of the Italian
word capriola. which was changed to
cabriolet in French. BIoth words have
a common derivative-calbriole--signi
fying a goat's leap. The exact reason
for giving it this strange appellation Is
unknown Un less because of the light
uess and s-priu inllbss of the vehicle In
its original form.
In sonie instianes the la'lnies of spe
cial feru-z of canriages are derived
from the titles of tihe perl'sons who in
trodnuc-d them. Th. birougham was
fir-st used by the famous Lord Itroutgh
am, and William IV., who was oligi
nnlly the IDuk,, of ('larlei, e. g \av' the
latter unni., to his favorite (conveynnl(e.
The popular haunisoml derives its inameo
from its introduce.r. Mr. IInn sen. and
the tilblry, at mone time a very fashion
able two lwhlte('ld vehicle. was called
froml a sportinlg gentleman:i of the salle
Landau. a city- illn ;ermtany. w,is t!e
lo'.lity in which w:.u first ma:de th
Istyle of vI 'hic , h /ie 'rin.g that nieu-e.
Nulky, 1s appli'd to a wheeled (.on
veynnlle. had it.s origin ill the fa.t that
when it lirst :ai),; pea'red the persion wIho
saw it contsidered thatt non'' buit a
sulky. seldiih l.:'rsoin wouldl ride in suich
an aff:iir. wnichl afTorded avColnloait
lion to but one i. lividunal. The strange
title was tnever clhalnged.
Coupe is French it origin, being de
rived from the verb couper (coopny). to,
cut. 'This was considered an applropr'oi
ate designation because it greatly re
sembled a coach with the front part
cut off.
The old fashioned gig was given that
name from its peculiar jumping and
rocking motion, the word being from
the French gigue. signifying jig or a
lively dance.-Chicago Chronicle.
A Booker Washington Story.
Booker Washington tells this charac
teristic story of one of his countrymen:
"I ialled an old negro. farmer into my
office and explained to him in detail
how he could make $30 an acre on his
land if he would plant a portion of it
in sweet potatoes, whereas, if he plant
ed cotton, as he had been doing for
years, at best he could make only $15
an acre. As I explained the difference,
step by step, he agreed with me at ev
ery point, and when I came near to the
end of my argument I began to con
gratulate myself that I had converted
at least one man from the one crop sys
tem to better methods. Finally, -with
what I fear was the air of one who felt
that he had won his case, I asked the
farmer what he was going to cultivate
on his land the coming year. The old'
fellow scratched his head and said
that as he was getting old anti had
been growing cotton all his life he
reckoned he would grow it to the end
of his few remaining years, although
he agreed with me that he could double
the product of his land by planting
sweet potatoes on it."
The Reason.
A man in New York-call him Mr.
Brown-is big and of a chubby aspect
and is the father of a more numerous
family than is commonly found in New
York. A visitor to his house sail to
his wife, "Do you notice how much Mr.
Brown looks like Tom Reed?"
"I don't see it myself, but it has often
been observed. When we lived in
Washington, Mr. Brown was often tak
en for Mr. Reed."
"Yet there is no resemblance in de
tail. It's all a matter of general ef
fect."
"We noticed long ago in this family
that the baby looked like Mr. Brown.
So did the next baby and the next and
the next, until I realized that it was
aot so- mch- t-a-tihe- babes- lo.oke4.ie
Mr. Brown as that Mr. Brown looked
like a baby."
"That's it! That's the secret of Mr.
Brown's resemblance to Mr. Reed. Mr.
Reed looked like a baby too."- lar
per's Magazine.
Fremont's Daughter.
The daughter of Fremont the Path
finder, although past fifty years of age,
is now left penniless owing to the
death of her mother, who enjoyed a
widow's pension. A long resisted claim
of the Fremont heirs is now being
pushed by the California State Federa
tion of Women's Clubs, so that Miss
Fremont may be supplied with means
of support and be enabled to keep up
the homestead given to Mrs. Fremont
by the women of south California.
Like Moody and Sankey.
They have a Moody and Sankey team
in London just now-DIr. Torrey and
Mr. Alexander, both from Australia.
they are holding large meetingi mn
Exeter hall. Mr. Alexander. the vocaN
1st, is a fine singer, but is also wonder
fully gifted in the way of getting" his
,rgier'ep to join in: "Every.hody i: s
iNSIA'S 8OW PLACE,
ANCIENT CITIES WHICH AMER!C.""
I TOURISTS NOW GO TO SEE.
The Ruined Splendors of Agra, J 0
City of the TaJ .lahal. Once ft.4'
Seat of the Powerful 3Iogul Era,
pire.
[Special Correspondcnce.]
Agra, India, Feb. 1.--The dlu;!:ri
brought more Americans to India th:an
have ever been in the land in one win,
ter before. All of them going or cent
ing from I)elhi visited this matchlessly
beautiful old city of Agra, in the new
province of that name. Agra, however.
is no longer the capital of the province.
Allahabad, a much less interesting
place, is that.
But Agra was once a capital, that.
too, of an empire more splendid far
than the present one of British India.
It was the empire of the great Moguls
or Mongols. There are now so many
Mohammedan Hindoos because early
in the sixteenth century aIaber, a de
scendant of Timour the Tartar, invad
ed India on the north, conquered the
land and founded a government and:
forced the religion of tle prophet on
the natives. The new government h,
came the most splendid in the st1ry of
AKPATis PArLACE. AGIRA.
India. On(e of the lreatst t thii' "';m
erlane dynasty wayn-.k;a'. who llist
established the capital at Agra. rolsev
ing it ifrln ;lncient I> plhi hIcil'' .c hIi
liked Agra better. Thli'i was ill 155;i.
Agra is 13- miles southenet of I)L i.
Akbar built himself a fort anuld a
dwelling house, show places of Agra.
to this dl:y The fortress is far :nil
away the most magnificent in all north
India. Its walls are of red sandstone.
and they aire seventy feet high.
Akbar died and was succeeded by
the greatest of the Mogul emperors,
Shah Jehan, and Shah Jehan built tlhe
Taj Mahal, the most renowned, won
derful and beautiful mausoleum that
ever was constructed. He erected it
to express his sorrow for and admira
tion of Mumtaz Mahal, the most be
loved of his assortment of wives. Per
haps the fact that-this glorious mau
soleum was to be the tomb of Shah
Jehan himself when his time came had
a little something to do with its mag
nificent construction. Let us, how
ever, give due credit to the one Mus
sulman in history who seemed to ap
preciate a woman. Americans have
seen so many pictures of the Taj
Mahal that it is more familiar to ,hem
than the new library at Washington.
Shah Jehan also built before he was
gathered to his fathers in 1627 the
Moti Musjid, called the Pearl mosque,
and the Jama Musjid, or Great
mosque. The Pearl mosque is lined
from entrance gate to roof with daz
sling white marble. Mogul workmen
understood better than any other.
before or since their time the art of
making marble look like lacework.
An Euglish writer says, "Into the
fair body of the India marble the Mo
guls could work designs and aram
besques borrowed from the Persia of
ancient history and flowers of ex
quisite hue and symmetry suggested
by the more advanced and civilized
Florentine artists."
The design of the Pearl mnosque is
a three sided court with a fountain in
the center. At the entrance and the
side opposite it the marvelous marble
lacework is wrought into exquIsite
screens. Arcaded cloisters surround
Another of the show places of this
gorgeous old Agra, lovely as an Ara
bian Nights' city, is the Mirror palace.
Shish Mahal. It was a bathing pal
ace, lined with convex mirrors, ar
ranged in grouped oriental designs.
There are thousands of these mirrors
still. The Shish Mahal surpassed in
splendor even the great baths of Dio
cletian.
The reign of Shah Jehan was the
golden age of the Mogul empire. Thir
ty-one years afier him--lcS to 1707
reigned Aurainzeb. last of lthe grerat
Mogul emperors, and Aurangzeh took
the capital away from Agra and re
stored it to Delhi, the ancient seat of
government. But the unrivaled archi
tectural monuments of the former time
remain to this day to tell the story of
Agra the splendid, and not even sacred
Delhi can rival it for attractiveness to
the tourist.
So soon as the capital was taken
from Agra the Mogul empire declined.
The magnificence, the wealth and the
extravagence of its rulers became mere
tale and tradition. Today only its Taj
Mahal, its mosques, gates, palaces and
its fort remain to prove that Agra was
and is not.
The Mogul empire had shrunk to a
shadow by the beginning of the nine
teenth century, and then the English
gobbled the shadow and took over
Delhi, Agra and the whole land to
themselves. Only once since the time
of the Moguls has Agra appeared prom
inently in the public view. and that
was in 1870. when King Edward. then
Prince of Wales, held there an im
peri!! dultrhar. rere- ,ant'r:g l is moh-.
him at i:
r - - -
STORIES ABOUT AUTHORS.
How Harben's Host Solved a DM
onlty-Author of "Adam Rush."
[Special Correspondence.]
New York, March 16.-In his ram
bles among the people of northern
Georgia, many of them plrilmitive types
and simple specimens " humanity,
Mr. Will N. IIarben. author of "'Ahner
Daniel," hls met with l:iny rare ex
perienuces which h:ave yiel·el him rich
material for his novels. lie was once
benighted in ax mountain cabin where
a family of live daughters and a nioun
taineer and his wife ate and slept in
the only room the house contained.
With charnacteristic hospitality the
farmer said the stranger was welcorme
if he would put uIp with things as they
were. It was late, and as there was no
other cabin in sight Mr. Harhen nc
cepted the kind offer with what grace
he could summon. There were four
beds in the room and no curtains, and
the visitor wondered what they wxhld
do with him. They all sat cheerfully
around the tire after supper, and about
9 o'clock the mountaineer said:
"I reckon me an' you'd better go
down to the spring ;in' git us a drink."
At the spring the host obviously de
tained his guest for a few minutes. and
on returning to the cabin they found it
wraplped inl darkness. The txwo muin
went in and slept in a bled together.
Next morning, before d(awn. the a:uthor
was awaketned from the most delight
ful sleep he ha(d e;ve'r experience(d. Tl'he
mlountaineer w\as bending over hilll.
"I reckon," the man said, "that me
all' you'd better crawl out :n' give tlhe
women folks a chance to git upl an'
cook breakfast."
Cutcliffe Hyne remarked recenltly that
globe trotting having become so pop
ular a pastime it behooved the modern
novelist to gain a first haumd aqiuaint
an(e with whatever portimon of tlhe uni
verse he hadl selectedl as the scene of a
forthcomling story. O)therwise his state
n ent' is i:iht le' clallt'rg ,id.
It is ev-ient that A.. E. W. Mason,
author of "1mi'.rnda of tlhe Ilich'onvy"
and "T'ire Four ':eathers, is one of the
soie w.a of tlhiiniklg. No sooner h:lid
he coc)iir .ivl to: ition of "Mir ncda''
than th' aluthor pl:,I'ked Lis h. i andl
hited lhinself to Morocco, wherel he(
sti'nt sevte'ril ll'ntlhs ill ltLi'er'ig ioc:al
c(lor for tie niovel which nlade so
great a s:...'iss in Gr'a.t Ithll:li and
which. :idapted for stage use,. seems to
have served Mrs. F"iske well ill this
counttry. Most of "The Four Featheirs"
is laid in the Sudan. and Mr. Mason.
whose three initials, )by the way, stand
for Alfred Edward Woodldey, visited
that region and explored it thoroughly
before he put pen to paper.
A mild mannered, soft spoken man
who beams genially on the world
through gold rimmed glasses is Lynn
Roby Meekins. author of "Adam
Rush." one of the most successful nov
els of the year. In appearance he re
minds one of Kipling. ae has the
same manner of thrusting his chin for
ward when listening or when watch
ing things, the same manner of almost
/ /
LYN ROBY MEEKINS.
boyish interest in everything that goes
on around him. Like Kipling, too, he is
one of those reserved, silent men who
see a great deal and say but little.
These are the chaps, you know. who
surprise us by their depth of insight
into human character, by their quaint,
dry wit and their sane, wholesome out
look on life. One of the delightful char
acters in "Adam Rush" is Simhnon Salt,
a shrewd, epigrammatic country store
keeper. probaly drawn frnmi some liv
ing individual wi ,,t Mr. Meekins stud
ied at close range.
But for all his mild manncrs and
habit of sihlnee Mr. Mepkins is far
from bning a dlilettante dir e:ntr. tIe is
and ha:: ,cen for years activ!elv en
gaged in the unquiet work of jo, rnalnl
is.n. For a period lie was Inanaging
editor of the Saturday Evening Post of
Philadelpthia, and at present he is
editor in cthief of the Baltimore [Herald.
Another injustice to Marie Corelli. A
paragraph has been going the rounds
of the papers to the effect that Miss
Corelli. with the assista ne' of a liitr
ary friend, has been engaged for near
ly two years on a work largely of a bio
graphical nature which will be pub
lished in the course of the next few
months. Miss Corelli Is very indignant
about this, for she says she has not
been so engaged, nor would she ever
dream of accepting the assistance of
any friend, literary or otherwise. in
writing anything. And she declares
that she is not and never will b, a !,i
ographer either of her own life or ,if
the lives of other people.
ItICITARI TUPI'E i
Not Buying.
Author--Yo -"~ im: to h- out of 3,1,
iaor.
Ee'' i r;. a -