HERMAN LEOEB
DEALER IN
Wool, Tallow, Beeswax, Furs.
ERCE STREET, NEXT TO V. S. & P. RAILWAY.
SHREVEPORT, LA.
tee to tre sellers the best prices obtained in St. Louis, New
icksburg, Galveston and Houston markets. Prompt returns.
ten a Moment."
I have the completest stock of
aniture, Matting, Rugs
.... and Linoleums
I will make it to your interest to call and see me before you buy.
ve you call whether you buy or not. No trouble to show goods.
J. A. Stephenson.
ting...
want good printing-commercial printing of value, Nwe are ready
-your order. The kind of printing we do is good printing.
firm or man who wants good printing should bear in mind that
of printing we do is always good-the cheapest kind after all.
wyers' Briefs a Specialty.
-prices for orinting booklets, folders. circulars, cards, bill heads,
ads, letter heads and everything which can be printed are fair
sonable-being much cheaper, taking in consideration the style
lity-than is generally paid for careless, ordinary or common
=work. Ring up iooo.
casian & Carney Bros, Printing Co.
0MERATIE & n. co. [TD.
Wholesale Dealers in All Kinds of
Produce, Field and
GOarden Seeds.
%'`f SHREVEPORT STEAM BOTTLING
S and SHREVEPORT STEAM
CANDY FACTORY.
1 Texas Street, Shreveport, La.
"" EYFUSS & CO.
COLESALE DEALERS IN
Boots, Shoes and Hats.
S SPRuiNG AND CROCKETT STREETS.
- NTION TO COUNTRY ORDERS,
STATIO)IS ,odaI1loýtl
.x; ,......I. r 66i a .m.
~~d~~u..s 7fl&..U.W º. LfýLS.tn , Ia
t~.E..A.LEN,
og
RS 361E446, Virli
»w..eý ý ....... - .. ie ,a
Office 138; Rte, 644~li Ii~p
6 'r 9 c . y 9 .fL ~
c um xio" o.
-S. 1a#C1.8
<4 $wa Thot.b
TALMAGE
SERMON
By Rev.
FRANK DE WITT TALMAGE. D.D..
Pastor of Jefferson Park Presby
terian Church, Chicago
Chicago. March S. In thi.~sermon
the preacher st.ows' that thelre ari other
than con)unercial and Ii:till(' l obliga
tions betwen ntionstlo and that Chris
tian America owes a d.lt, both in the
spiritual and philanthropic sense, to the
modern Greeks and barbarians which
she now has opportunity to pay. The
text is Romans i, 14. "I am debtor both
to the Greeks and to the barbarians."
A national debt! It is popularly un
derstood to be a ilnancial obligation
which a government has pledged itself
to pay. Sonietixmes this is contracted
in the interest of a single subject.
About thirty years ago the English gor
ermient assulmd a debt of over $25,
000,000) to liberate a single maln, Cap
tain (imironli. who had Ie1n nlrjustly
notdlliugoned by the king of A.byssinia
in t!.e rocky fortres of Mi gdlla. It
took six naonthis for the news of the
outrage to tr':avel to Engl:.:lid, but in
less than eleven day-, afterwiard a lBrit
isli army of 150.0!i I(uen, under I 'nerall
Napier, was on its way. It not only
crossed th le seats, buit also mIlliar.l.d a
terrible journey ,of 4 0 msiles iunder ai
tropical sun, until thie Itroops reachlied
Magdalaln and battered down the for
tress and rescued their inll'ar.'erated
countrynian. A civilized countrlly is
usually ready to hgin any uindertak
ing, assunle any financial responsibili
ty, in order to protect its own from the
tyrannical :clitt.hes of a foreign foe.
Sonetimes ian extra tinanci:d obliga
tionl is assllmied by ia goverlilniielt ill
times of pIace as w\\e as in times of
war. A depleted trea'sury dhlri ;g the
ftinallii;il palrkic of ISl:E caustlled the pros
ident of thL United States to isslle
-$2t0.0Ot,0t0)i wortnh of g!overllnment
bonds. Sonlie of thlese intei'st Inaring
bontds were purchased b y foreign clp
italists atd others b, .Allncrl'ic;: citi
zens. Bunt there are' still other forms
and cnauses of interuintlonal obligation.
A governmenlt can owe to foreign hinds
more than money. Such delinitions as
we have given are right as far as they
go, but they are too circumscribe'd.
When the tHebrew Paul wrote. "I am
debtor both t to hle rr.eeks iand to the
barbarians," I do tlot believe he had
any idea of a financial interpretlation.
Referring to Greece. he was alluding
to the i lectual intfluence of the Athe
nian catatl., which made itlself felt
throughout the world. That city sway
ed the scepter in the domain of intel
lectuality; it ruled the world of eulture
with the sculptors chisel, the poet's
pen and the Demosthenean oratory of
a patriot rousing the people to wage
war against King Philip. Wthen Paul
spoke of the barbarians. I believe he
was alluding to the strength and the
virility which the world had absorbed
from the different provinces. As a
man of learning he was indebted to
those people to whom he was about to
present Jesus Christ. So today I want
to speak of America's national debt in
a moral and spiritual sense as well as
in a financial: I want to show what we
should give back to the lands across
the seas in return for what we have
absorbed from them, consciously or un
consciously. As we balance our na
tional books the debit side of our ledg
er must be cleared off. If we are na
tionally honest, we are ready to pay
for what we have received. ,
We Have Borrowed Europe's Best.
Our country has been the reservoir
for the best and the richest blood of all
Europe. A few years ago a poted Irish
leader, now a member of the British
parliament, was addressing a great
gathering of Irish-Americans in Chica
go. During his speech he made this
suggestive statement: "You Irish-Amer
clans congratulate yourselves because
every year you send over a few thou
sand dollars to help us in our struggle
for home rule. But I want to tell you
that you are doing no more than you
ought to do. America owes a greater
debt to Ireland than Ireland does to
America. America*has not taken from
aus money, but she has taken from us
what is of more value. than money.
Her magnetism has come into our large
cities and villages and factory towns
and wooed from our shores the best
and. strongest' young men and young
,women we had. She has taken them
away annually not by the scores and
hundreds, but by the thousands and
the tens of thousands; she has taken
away the strongest young men and wo
men we had and has left only the weak'
lings--those who are afraid to start out
in the new world. Meanwhile we, the
stay at homes, must go on struggling
while -our stalwart Irish - American
brothers and sisters are winning suc
aess. tn another hiemisphere." What
that member of the British parllament
saId In reference to Ireland can be
sai.t l eferetce to- almost every coun
tro of Europie. Go down to the great
seaport towns of Norway and Sweden,
Germany. France, Italy, Holland and
Ear..g and Scotland and ask these
emigrants, those stalwart young fel
lowa Ajd tho ,red ebeeked lassles,
whe.o te are golna R~vrywhbere
y.e ca bear the same answer: "To
AgatCle. We are satling for America."
flu America noo obligation to meet
Wef w She has taken froen other lands
saoh itmes baoea.ader as Alexander
prianetoa ron- etrnaees sad Agsa.
e to read thwrseords of her reeks andt
aiserieti av esb hber navis and eJohn
,anm + a )i . Ithn to areach
tr j an~ A Car onesie to
gb - _ r-4 mn - and
--IlIi i
.ieitp-ag t.bt e and Franz Sigel to
fight her battles and Speaker Hender
son to preside over her congress and
Thomas Watson to plead at her bar?
Shall the Goddess of Liberty feel no in
debtedness to foreign countries when
she has taken from their firesides their
fairest daughters and their bravest and
truest young men and clasped them to
her own heart until these adopted sons
and daughters look up and ca!! her
mother?
If we were to blot out from Amer
Ietan history the deeds of its foreign
born children, we would obliterate
many of the best pages of our national
heroics. An old poem begins some
thing like this:
Oh, give us men! A time like this demands
Clean minds pure hearts, true faith and
ready hands:
Men who possess opinions and aL will;
Men whom desire for office does not kill.
The Demand For Men.
To supply this natio:nal dinmand for
eign countries have been -gi ing us for
centuries their best treasurets. They
have given is their st!u.iiod .t men of
mental anld l;)moral worth :!nod their fair
est daug!.tors,. whose virtu-s are, as
King Solomon e:; sy.., "a:l se the I,rice
of ruhieit." Sure!ty tfr s:ic h ri(eless
gifts Aitierica mui:t it"kn ,a 'lee site
is a debtor "to the ;ri-ek a nh to the
barb:'ri:ns.
Rhtligious li'irtys tri ' tat was
built a'eross the saons. True, it was
floate'd across the Atlanntl,'. a :, during
its tempestuous voySage' of I;tiny miles
its infantile oclepant gre'w ;intl wa:xed
stronger. But, after all, we should not
forget that the cradle of rivil and ritli
gious liberty was first hamnnmered to
gether on foreign shores.
In tl#' astronomical world we ficnd
tlhat stars generally travel in constella
lions, or in groups. 'ihus we also find
that every gr'eat advancement of the
human race, spiritually or mentally, so
cially or economically, Is in touch with
other events, though they may be seen
or lunseen. Tie sweet voiceti village
church bell of today is not entirely of
American manufacture. It was cast
in the hot fires of the Covenanter's per
setiltions: it was cast among the flames
which wrapped their fliry tongues
about the shriveling bodietls of John
Iluss and ltidley and La timer and Cran
ner; it was cast among the burllning
logs bheaped about the dying body of
Savotinar:la when the Italian priest,
Elijah-like, was about to go to heaven
in a chariot of tire; it was cast eentu
ries back among the Nerodlian persecu
tions in the days of the apostolic mar
tyrdoms.
Can we ever reach the day when we
shall feel that our religious liberty is
not a natural outgrowth of the Chris
tian heroes and heroines who dared to
defy "Bloody" Alva, the persecutor of
the Netherlands. or Lord Claverhouse,
the persecutor of old Scotland, or de
moniac Catherine, the fiendish female
'instigator of the St. Bartholomew mas
sacre, or the bloody Queen Mary of the
English throne? When that grand old
man, Hugh Latimer, then over eighty,
stood among the burnin.; logs that
were cremating him, he turned to Bish
op Ridley, his fellow martyr near by,
and said: "Be of good comfort, Master
Ridley, and play the man. We shall
this day light such a candle by God's
grace in England as, I trust, shall nev
er be put out" Aye, they did; they
did! They not only lighted a gospel
torch for England, but a torch which
would blaze in America centuries after
ward. We have religious liberty in
America because the first great battles
for the enchainment and the decapita
tion of Satanic bigotry were fought up
on the other side of the seas.
Our Artistie Debts.
America is indebted to foreign lands
in a commercial and 'an artistic sense
as well as in a moral and spiritual
sense. Some political speakers love to
boast that commercially we are inde
pendent of the world. They assert it
would make very little difference to us
whether or no foreign countries held
any trade relations with us at all. But
this is not true. You are a wealthy
man. You invite me to your home
some night to a banquet. I accept
As I sit-waiting for the other guests to
arrive I say: "Mr. So-and-so, this is a
beautifully designed home. Where did
your architect geT the idea?" You an
swer: "I'he plans of this house are, not
his ideas. He merely worked tJls
out in detail after I had described them.
Some years ago, while I was in Eng
land, I came across a beauitiful cou
try home. I then said to myself ti
if I should ever have money enourt
would build a house upon that ilaii.
This home is the result of my resoles
made at that time." Under. my feet is
a rug of exquisite workmanship. Where
was it made? In the city of Damas
cus. I: is an imported rug. When
your wife comes in to greet me, she is
dressed in a beautiful costume.. It
came from the silkworms of France.
That diamond glittering upon your fin
ger was dug out of the African mines.
Up to a comparatively recent date
our commercial dependence upon Eu
ropean markets for nearly all our goods
and chattels was almost absolute. In
1820 the Edinburgh -Review of Scot
land tauntingly asked: "Who in the
four quarters of the globe reads an
American book or goes to an American
play or looks at an American painting
or statue? What does the, world owe
tb American physicians or surgeons?
What new substances have their chem
ists discovered? What, new constella
tions have their safronomers discover
ed? Who drinks out of American
glasses? Who eats from American
plates? Who wears an American coat
or lies dawn to sleep in an American
blanket?" Foreign manufactrers of
the present day know only too well
that sin 18>) the commercial depend
ency of America upon commercial Eu
rdpe has minhtily changed. But we are
still depeas et pon Euorope in many
ways. lmsys, the Norwegian, reaches
ansa the seas-to lessen the horrors of
ql*o-x Criea H. Spurgeon andJ
I~,~j ·lleaages ert the
~ ~
Christ love, Queen Victoria gave us the
example of how a royal queen could be
a domestic queen, and the ships which
ply the Atlantic still return with as
heavy cargoes as when they left our
shores.
How We May Ne S Repal.
How, then, is America to caniel the
national debt in a moral and spiritual
sense which she owes to the modern
Greeks and to the barlbarians? "Well,"
answe.s some one, "I suppose the best
way to repay the debt we owe to for
eign lands is to make our goods better,
and cheaIaer than they can make them
and then go forward and capture their
mackets for or our home industries." Aih,
my brother. I ami not here to fritter
away my time answering these selfish
propositions prompted by mere coni
mnercialism: I am here today to tell you
how, in the language and the spirit of
the apostle Paul., we are to cancel the
national debt we owe to foreign lan,-is:
I am here today to tell you how best
we can pa)y the debt as individuals as
well as a nation. WVe cani repay our
national d(h-lt first by conveying to for
clagn lands Ithe sweet message of the
Calvary cro-s. Whou mniy years ag;
five humbi! . 'ons':;ted students niet
behind a haystack in old W'iliiamstown,
where I used to go to c.o!lego, alnd
founded tlhe first A\lmerican foreign
mnissiol:ary ,soiety. One of tle greatest
Ipurpo:;,)o-s of Aierica's future life was
given plractital formi. Thosi live young
Ine. planned an evangelistic work
which had the same vowrldlwiie s..Te
that Paul's mission hail for the ('hliris.
tian religion. If the relinia;i of Jesu.n
Christ is the benetficent thing that we
profess to believe it, are we justilied in
keeping the knowledge of it to, our
selves:' Are we not hound Ias debtors
to the whole world to repay our obli
gations by making it known far and
wide?
The medical 'professioni sets us an
example in its performance of this
duty. No sooner does a physician dis
cover a means of alleviating physical
suffering than he places it 'at the dis
posal of his professional bhrthren the
world over. When Edward Jenner
demonstrated the nlarvelous ihmu nity
of a hunan being who was vaccinated
with cowpox. did he kooep his discovery
from the world? Did he refuse to ad
vocate it lest ha might he persecuted
by such medical authorities as Dr. In
genhousz and Dr. Pearson? Oh. no!
As an intelligent man he deplored the
awful destrfiction made by this terri
ble scourge of smallpox. He knew that
whole countries had been almost d',pop
ulated by the pest. Mexico was not
conquered sc much by Cortes as it was
made helpless by the invasion of this
king of horrible plagues called small
pox. When the pilgrim fathers landed
upon the Massachusetts shores, they
found that the Indian tribe which the
year before had been inhabiting that
part of the country had been entirely
obliterated, with the exception of one
man, by the fatal ravages of smallpox.
So, in the face of derision and persecu
tion, Jenner proclaimed the gospel of
vaccination. Though he might, and to
a great extent did, destroy his private
practice, he kept crying to suffering
humanity: "Here is a remedy for this
dreadful and malignant disease. Take
it and live' Take it and. live!"
When James Y. Simpson perfected
his investigations in chloroform, did
he keep them to himself? Did he pat- I
ent them and say, "You come to me or
suffer and die?" No. He freely gave
the antesthetic to the world. And to
day thousands upon thousands of men
and women who have been compelled
to lie upon an operating table have
risen up to call him blessed. Is the
German physician, Robert Koch, work
ing in his laboratory for personal gain?
Oh, no. He is trying, purely on phil
anthropic grounds, to cure consump
tion, which causes at least one-fourth
of the total annual mortality among
the human race. If he ever perfects a
germicide for the tuberculosis bacilli,
he will at once tell all he knows. He
is struggling and working and analyz
ing purely to save a dying race.
Make Known the Revelation.
What a lesson do these illustrious
benefactors of the human race teach
usi How they study and investigate
and labor to alleviate suffering and in
reas the longevity of mankind! And
whenuany of them discovers a remedy
for disease or a means of removing de
formity how eagerly he makes the dis- i
covery known that all the world may
share in the benefit! In our hands we
have a revelation of infinitely greater t
value. Their discoveries can at the i
best prolong life only a few years.
while the gospel of Jesus Christ is the
gospel of eternal life and the remedy
for the universal malady of sin. Yet
there are among us men calling them
selves Christians who make no effort
to publish the knowledge of that rem
edy. They say: "If the Chinese are not 1
willing to receive our gospel missions
ries, then let those missionaries stay
at home. Let the Chinese hordes grov
el and diet Let the human streams of
heathen life become choked with moral
vermin! It is their own lookout, not
oure!" I tell you today that Christian
America's foreign obligations can nev- I
.er be canceled until Jesus Christ is 1
preached to all people. Where we have
now one missionary in the dark conti
nents we should send a thousand:
where we have one gospel messenger t
now for a 4hundred thousand people we
should have so great a number that ev
ery foreign town and village, as well
as every city, should be persuaded to
receive the open Bible and to study the
word of God. Christian America will
not be free from responsibility until
the gospel of the Lord Jesus Is preach
ed unto all peoples. If those peoples
reeeive it not, then they, not we, must
bear the responsitbility.
The nations of the world have also
ta dclaims upon us as a Christian
ple that mmst not be 'Ignored. It
·e have the spirlt of Christ, we shall
a . nmiadtrl of their material
1Ele Uho 4had cmpasslon o
the multitude because they had noth
Ing to eat" would never have closed his
ears to the cry of a famine strickeni
nation. If we would be like him, we,
too, should feed the hungry and succc*
the homeless, the wid(lo and the wr
phan. How better can we make known
the grandeur and bea tly of the ('hris
Stiin faith than by provilng to other na
tions its I.enclicent i;iilutnlc.i? As the
hand of (C hrisiian A.lerice; is stretcheS
out across tlie seas, lsarin llill reid for
the starving, they e e Christ liv!ng
again in u. and bless his deur lunie.
Having n·eceted fron! ui ti:,I Ih" :
that pesris!,,s, they will li:tein :s we
tell thlen of the Ilreiol that anite doliwn
fromi h -aven, of wl:i( h if a mIa:1 e;it. he
shall live foreve-r. Were thei we!l-er
ing doors of heathen Indi:a eer mliore
widely Oei'ned for tlhe gospel :ess;le
than when the <hiplouids oif Ain-,ri,,an
breadstuffs were nt:led :oI,.s I,.. li
lantic, tliroumh the MiI editvrr:lne:in.
down the 1:'( se:l :iand over t(L nlldian
ocianl until thy w ,!' . f::Ifly land. -!!
the harbor of lomibay during the I awful
I Indian flmines of I1N7t anid lls' Ii
have seen it esi:;tiitedl that hulidrids
of thousalnds iof stiri!i :n I dyi,, nt
tives were' lihi. ! - . i ii irogl h
Amierican gei ero os t, ,1l'i) ti ie two
ye:lrs. Ilut no ro ;i,' the r " ,!iig
llunfel of heaven w:1 " , il* to
keel) lraelk ,if th i I ll!tit;:(! 'i ,: il_',!
til souls - Vho will it:Iei I .1 o i
bi'otglu t to th' f'et of "'i i'st ihrl(ilch
ti'e c ol 'tr ib ui.tio.s n d t ': , i ! 'r-; ~ i,.
tIlhose who tried th sonic- e'.t::)t t", ;111y
the horlror- of thait iawfl! f:l:iue
pilagvi.
W'heii did R.ussia over I,-.ar a -v ,tur
gospel lutes.:, than ti.,tt !.! 5 :I P !," the
waves lapping the ships' pro.s which
carried Aleriican food Io lher peasants
during the famine plangue of Ii°12" A.I,
those were not idle worii' which :'hrisl
uttered when lie said iunto tliose onI! Ilis
right hand. "('oim., yc blessed aof nly
Father, inherit the kingtdoli pr4,:laredl
for you froni the found!;!tion!l f the
world, for I was an huniered, 'nd y,
gave me meat.' It does s5>m-n Ihat in
a national as well as in an ind t;vidual
seln:. ino c'liristian country (.nII truly
present the gospel to foreign lanids if
at the same timoe it is not ready to hell)
those foreign niations when they art'
afflictted with f,lnmine aind plagt:e. Wt
say "famline" anrd "'l11iiigi" in the same
breath, because starvation anid disease
are two horrors which always devas
tate the land at the same time. Where
famine goes, there plague follows close
behind. And, while we are thus con
sidering the philanthropic aspect our
national duty to other lands sometimes
assumes, I want to make an especial
plea for famine stricken Finland. I
make it the more earnestly because
many of her sons and daughters have
migrated to our shores, and therefore
for that reason Finland has a special
claim upon us. They are of the same
household of faith with ourselves:
therefore it is doubly our duty to aid
them. I make this plea the more ear
nestly because if food is not sent
quickly thousands of those poor peas
ants will soon be beyond human aid.
Brothers and sisters will be dead; chil
dren will be dead; fathers and mothers
will be dead; whole communities will
be exterminated by famine and the
Dlague.
The Cry of Finland.
Though the religious and daily news
papers have been for weeks filled with
the accounts of Finland's sufferings,
the horrors and agonies which those
simple people of the north are going
through will probably never be fully
told. But as I try to describe it to you
in part no words of mine can so touch
ingly present the condition of that af
flicted land as does the simple state
ment which Inspector Engberg, who
knows that country well. gave to a
representative of the American press:
"I have seen much of the suffering," hb
says. "It has been awfully black and
is so still, take my word for that. I
have become through custom almost
hardened to seeing women and children
crying for food, that was common as
recently as New Year's day. When I
hear people talk about cohditions be
ing exaggerated. I think of how I have
seen human beings eating bran, of how
an old woman, the wife of a -formerly
prosperous farmer, is in the habit of
coming to my stable and begging per
mission to scrape the leavings in the
bin of my horse for sustenance for her
three cows, of how every mother in
this community is delighted to get meat
bones that have been discarded by
more prosperous householders and boil
them and reboil them until they float
in the hope of extracting particles of
nourishment. You will be right in say
ing that we have staved off starvation
till now, but God help us if relief
should now fail us." Oh, my brother
and sister, could any plea for food b,.
more pathetic, more urgent, than that'?
Human beings compelled to eat bran
that food which today you would re
fuse to give to your dog. Eating bran
and chopped rye straw and the bark of
trees merely to stifle the awful crav
ings of hunger, and yet not able to even
get enough of that!
Starving Finland is stretching her
arms across the Atlantic, appealing for
bread from Christian America. Dare
we, can we, refuse to heed the cry?
Dare we, shall we, stop our ears to this
gospel call? Remember that solemn
question of the apostle, "He that hath
this world's goods and seeth his broth
er have need and shutteth up his com
passion from him, how dwelleth the
love of God in him?"' As yoq love your
children, think of those children that
are starving; as you love your wife,
think of those wives and mothers and
sisters who are now tottering upon the
brink of the grave because they have
nothing to eat! May God lead you to
see your duty in reference to this call
which comes from across the seas!
Then, to some extent at least, we may
be able to cancel a part of the national
debt which Christian America owes to
the modern "Greeks and to the barba
rians."
[Copyrlght, 1903. by Louis Klopsch.]