ANTS & FARMERS BAYS
TRUST CO., CORNER Of
G AND TEXAS STREES
VEPORT, LA.
''ayings deposits of the bank is
its deservedly popular features
at the rate of thre'e per cent
is allowed on all sums of
and upwards remaining or
dar three or more calendar
made during the first three
any month, interest is allowed
.deposits as if deposited on the
of the month. Interest on all
withdrawn will be payable on
days of February and August,
t not then withdrawn is
to the principal thereby giving
'tors compound interest.
may be made by marrie'
men or minors, in their own
are given denositors to
made for a longer period
months draw a higher rate
nary savings deposits.
veport Turf
ange.
latest and most reliable
s from the races,
Every day at the
SIIREVEPORT
RF
CHANOE
come and get the results,
taken from responsible
parties.
ABERT,
of an Dealer in
Saddles,
ars, Whips,
, ETC.
RTAE .RAM.IG
19AR VOMMON.
ORT, LA._
. SMITH,
cad Counsellor
at Law.
on Sprnt street
*ll and Federd
3T Z,
Oroceries.
my new clam
Thos. C. Barret.
£ hrrut,
National Bank.
TWaring
20.
ker
Aware.
.'dws* Stmet
BLJILDINQ.
Knives and
IT.
NOMINATIONS BY PRIMARIES.
The system of nomination by white
Democratic primaries of all candidates
from governor to constable, besides
giving the most humble and weak mem
lers of the party direct voice in the
selection of public officials, will prove
to be an educator of the masses of the
people and a training school for candi
dates. Primaries will force all candi
dates to appear before the people for the
discussion of public men and matters,
and this discussion will familiarize the
people with public men and affairs.
Monroe News.
The nominations by primaries has
been a hobby of the Caucasian. For
years w- have advocated this system
against the "cut and dried" convention.
It is now time for the forceful agita
tion of this question. Why should the
politicians dominate over the people
who have the power if they would exer
cise it intelligently. The people should
know and have the right to know where
stand the gentlemen who are seeking
office.
FAVORS PRIMARIES.
If the nomination of State officers is
to be made by a convention, the nomi
nation has already been made, and we
would prefer not to make a fool of our
self over the matter. If the press of
Louisiana will stand together and de
mand that the people be consulted about
who shall rule over them, the demand
will be regarded, and something like de
cent politics will olltr n in our great
State.
Give us a primary election, gentlemen,
"or give us death."-St. Helena Echo.
The primary system is growing in
favor tnd it will soon become so power
f l as to be irresistible. The people must
and shall rule.
THE FIGHT FOR PRIMARIES.
The Guardijn-Journal, published in
Homer, Claiborne parish, in urging
nominations by primary elections, says:
"If the people of this State are really in
earnest in regard to this matter, then
the first and most important thing to do
is to organize the friends and support
ers of the movement. When that is done
the movement will at once become a
formidable one. Until it is done, it can
hardly be said to rise to the dignity of
a movement. The one way to win the
fight for primaries, and for that still
more desirable thing, complete home
rule and local self-government, is thor
augh organization. It is the way to cer
ain success. Then why not organize and
)rganize at once."
MICHEL FOR GOVERNQR
The Felicianas .ys: "If Michel stays
in the gubernatorial race he will have
a fine showing, but it will be awfull3
rough on the office-holders and seekers,
They. will have to subscribe to two cam
paign funds and play Michel and Blan
chard both for favorites. None of thenr
will dare to come out boldly on the
stump or in the press and advocate one
and oppose the other. Michel's can
didacy will make them 'sweat blood' lit
earlly. Hell be a hard man to beat. With
New Orleans behind him he can't be
beaten. If he can demonstrate contiu
sively that he can get and hold New Or
leans, the administration's support in
the country parishes will quit Blanchard
largely and go to him. He is popular
with the people and he is strong with
the people, and the people are getting
itred of having their candidates selected
for them by the pbwers that be, and two
or three years in advance, at that. But
Michel should not be supported for the
office unless he will give positive assur
ances that he will stay in the race to the
finish. The man who will solicit and ob
tain the suffrage of the people, and then
deliberately trade it off under pressure,
to suit his own convenience and pros
pects, or th'ose of others, deserves to be
classed with Benedict mold."
Many of the appointive offices in this
State should be made elective. The peo
ple are capable of saying who shall and
who shall not control theit local affairs.
This power belongs to the people and
should be restored to the people. Louis
iana is Democratic and there is no
place for oligarchic tendencies.-Iber
ville South.
The appointive power of the Governor
is autocratic. All power is from the
people and all authority should rest in
the people. This is Democratic. The
power which was taken from the people
during the era of reconstruction must
be returned to the people.
An esteemed contemporary devotes
the spape of more than half a column to
the subject: "Justice Is Needed." Every
sane man [will concede ithis assertion,
withthe mental (if not positive) reser
vation that the jails and penitentiaries
would have to be increased in size and
rn nber. There are men who would have
everything except justice.
ThejcaOton Bet Route will sell round
Tip cets to Los Angeles and San
Francisco on May 3,, 13, 14, 15, 16,
17 and Z& ate of1 50 on account
if Gee an . Presbyterian
h id Nutlopal Association of
1f the Viited Sttes.
MI f srtrngin
FOOT WASHING.
Twelve Aged Men Done Thus by Emperer
of Austria and Eleven Archdukes.
Vienna, April 10 -Emperor Francih
Joseph, assisted by eleven archduke.
in Hofburg, performed the ancient
Holy Thursday ceremony of washing
the feet of twelve aged men, their
ages ranging from ninety-two to
eighty-nine, aggregating 1082 years.
The emperor first placed dishes of
food before each man, which the arch
dukes removed immediately after
wards, the viands being sent later to
the men's homes. The ceremony
ended with the emperor hanging a bag
containing thirty pieces of silver
around each man's neck. His majesty
appeared to be in excellent health.
There was a large gathering of court.
diplomatic and military officials pres
ent, including Ambassador Storer and
Mrs. Storer. Second Secretary Rives,
Military Attache Harris. British Am
bassador Sir Plunkett and Lady P'un
kett, and the Duchess of Marlborough.
AT THE GATES.
Dominican Troops Are About to Capture
San Domingo City.
Cape Haytien, Hayti, April 10.-A
special messenger of the government,
who arrived at Cotuy, Hayti, from
Sante Domingo, announces that 3000
Dominican government troops are at
the gates of San Do: lingo City; that
they have captured t'e suburb of San
Carlos and that the ee revolutionary
generals have been killed, . including
Perico Perrin, one of the principal
leaders of the revolution.
President Vasquez was preparing to
attack San Domingo when the mess
enger left.
The inhabitants of the districts of
Monte Christi and San Lorenzo de
Guayaubin. Santo Domingo, have
taken up arms against the govern
ment, but President Vasquez believes
the revolutionary groups will easily be
dispersed if the government forces re
gain possession of the capital.
Troops Ordered Mobilized.
London, April 10.-A special dispatch
from Amsterdam says that the govern
ment of The Netherlands has ordered
the mobilization of all the marines
within twenty-four hours and that
three warships at Denhelder have been
ordered to be in readiness for immedi
ate service. About 10,000 men are idle
in Amsterdam alone. No flour is be
ing delivered and bread and other food
wagons are escorted by mounted
troops.
Reported Murdered.
Los Angeles. Cal., April 10.-A spO
cial from Nogales. Ariz., stating that
four of a party of six Italian pros
pectors, together with a Mexican
guide, had been murdered by Yaqui
Indians near Corcovit, in the state of
Sonora, Mex., cannot be confirmed. No
news of the alleged massacre could be
obtained by the Associatea Press eith
er from Nogles or Hermosillo and the
report is not given credence at those
places. .
Pestaseae Soldiers Muthny.
London, April 9.-A special dispatch
from Lisbon says 150 men belonging
to the Eighteenth infantry at Oporto
have mutinied owing to the belief that
they were about to be sent to the Por
tuguese colonies in Africa. The men
holding the barracks are shoutin
"Long live the republic!" and are
threatening to shoot their officers i
the latter attempt to approach.
Third Member Chosen.
Washington, April 10.-Mr. Hugh H.
Hanna of Indianapolis, president of
the Indianapolis Monetary league, has
been appointed the third member of
the American delegation which will
represent the United States at the ap
proaching international monetary con
gress in Mexico.
President's Action Indorsed.
Schenectady, N. Y., April 10.-At a
mass meeting held here Wednesday
night resolutions were adopted with
much enthusiasm endorsing the action
bf President Roosevelt in appointing
negroes to office. "and upholding the
rights of colored people to partake of
the fruits of citizenship."
Asked Them to Agree.
The Hague. April 10.-According to
the Vaderland railroad employes the
union asked the state railroad com
'panies to agree to negotiations for
settlement of dispute and reinstate
ment of men.
We want to do your printing.
It Is Visited With Fatal Effect Upon
a Young Arkansan.
SHE IS FROM TEXAS.
While Carroll im Was Sleeping in .
Room at Kansas ý ity He War,
Four Times Shot by Mrs.
Amanda Williams.
Kansas City, April 10.-Mrs. Aman
da Williams, who came here recently
from Texas, shot and fatally wounded:
Carroll Mix of Fayetteville, Ark..
while the latter was asleep in his room:
At the police station later she re
at 410 West Ninth street early yester
day.
fused to talk. Mrs. Williams and Mix
were former sweethearts. The woman
was deserted by her husband some
time ago in a Texas town, and urntii
recently had been at Fayetteville
Mix. it appears, came to Kansas City
a few days ago to escape the woman
who followed him, apparently intent
on taking his life. As Mix lay asleep
Mrs. Williams entered the room at
5:30 o'clock unknown to any occu
pants of the house, and began firing
at him. The first shot struck him oc
the nose, the second one hit him i
the cheek, the third in the groin arn.
the fourth grazed his left arm T:;
fifth bullet, the last in the revolt'
went wild. Mrs. Williams submitte '
to arrest quietly.
Mix, who was taken to a hospital in
a dying condition, said he had com
to Kansas City some days ago to get
away from the woman, and said be
did not know she was in the city.
Mrs. Williams is thirty years old
and Nix twenty-five. The shooting oc
;turred in the next room to that occu
pied by Bud Taylor, from a window in
which the latter two years ago shot
and killed his sweetheart, Ruth Nol
lard, with a rifle.
The woman says her husband is
James Williams of Gainesville, Tex.
CANNOT STOP IT.
It Looks as it the Work at Hymella May
Have to Be Abanooned.
New Orleans, April 10.-The news
from Hymalia crevasse is so discour
aging that the announcement of aban
donment of the work is not unlikely.
The "blow out" of forty feet of crib
bing reported Wednesday threatens
the destruction of all cribbing that
has been built around the break in
the levee. The gap in the cribbing
has reached a width of over 100 feet
and a great volume of water is roar
ing through and submerging again the
plantations which had been relieved
One final attempt is to be made to
stop it, but there is only a slender
hope of it being successful.
Governor Heard asked the levee
board and planters to pat in forty
eight hours longer In an attempt to
close the break.
It is probable the Texas and Pacific.
which hoped to resume traffic in a few
days, will be tied up for several weeks
longer.
FIGHTING AT FRAKJANA.
Jive Thousand Tribesmen Made an Un
successful Assault on Fortress.
Madrid, April 10.-A dispatch from
Melilla, Morocco. gives details of the
fighting at Frakjana. It says 5000 in
surgents made a desperate attack on
the fortress at Frakiana April 8. After
customary prayers the tribesmen ad
vanced with a wild rush to the accom
paniment of religious exhortations
Twice they attempted to carry the
fortress by assault, but were repulse'I
by a well directed fusillade, which kill
ed a numsber of Insurgents. During the
attack the powder supply of the tribes
men exploded, killing many of them.
Minnesota, to Be Launched
New York, April 10.-Larger than
any vessel ever built in this country.
and only excelled in size in all the
world's fleet by the Celtic and Cedric
of the White Star line, the Minnesota
will be launched at i4ew London.
Conn., April 16. Mis, Hill, daughter of
J. J. Hill, president of the Great
Northern Steamship company, for
whom the new ship was built, will
christen her.
GOVERNMENT RIGHT.
Position of United States Against Certain
Companies Sustained.
St. Paul, Minn., April 10.-The posi
tion of the United States government
in the suit brought against the North
ern Securities Company, the Northern
Pacific and Great Northern railways
and individual officials and directors
of those companies was sustained in
the decision handed down in the Un
ted States circuit court of appeals in
this city Thursday. The ease was
originally brought in the United
states district court at this ý ity, but
under a special act of congress was
taken at once to the court of appeals.
which court was to expedite thr hear
ing and decision of the case in every
manner possible. The taking of teeti
mony in this city and in New York
lasted for several weeks and the ar
guments in St. Louis before Circuit
Judges Caldwell, Sanborn, Thayer and
Vandeventer took several days. The
decision of the court was written by
Judge Thayer, and was filed in this
city, where the'original action was
instituted. An appeal to the United
States supreme court will be taken
immediately. All four judges concur
red in the conclusion of the court
MADE RESPONDENTS'
A Number of Trunk :Lines Called Upon
to File Answer Soon.
Washington, April 10.-The inter
state commerce commission made a
number of trunk railway lines re
spondents in proceedings involving
the legality of their local rates on
grain and grain products and in the
case of the two roads the class and
commodity rates and issued an order
requiring the roads to file an answer
by May 10.
In the case of the Missouri, Kansas
and Texas and the St. Louis and San
Francisco, the commission says it
appears these roads put into effect
class rates between St. Louis and Tex'
as common points considerably high
er than those in force on like traffic
at any time since the operation of the
interstate commerce law in 1887 ex
cept classes D and E, upon which
rates are respectively one cent high
er and one cent lower and slightly
lower than on November 20, 1889, but
three cents higher than on December
4, 1893.
GUN BURSTS.
Disastrous Affair Occurs on Board of the
Battleship Iowa.
Pensacola, Fla., April 10.-A disas
trous explosion occurred on the battle
ship Iowa Thursday while the vessel
vas at target practice in the gulf.
The forward port twelve-inch gun
burst from the premature explosion
of a shell, 12 feet of the piece outside
the turret being demolished. Three
men were killed and five were injured
two seriously.
Killed: F. L. Berry, ordinary sea
man, niext of kin, Mrs. Hattie Wilson.
Las Vegas, N. M.; E. L Purcell, lands
man, next of kin Mrs. Ellen Purcell,
683 N. street, N. W., Washington, D
C.; Walter F. Kelie, seaman, next of
kin A. Moore, St. Charles, Mo. The
injured: G. Rothschild, coppersmith,
I. E. Tuesdall, landsman; Paul Gocht
quartermaster of the first class; F
Parrgucker, gunner's mate of the third
class.
The men killed and Injured were on
the second gun deck at mess. Three
pieces of the exploded gun, each
weighing over a ton, passed downward
through the spar deck, falling upon
the men at mess, instantly killing the
three named. All of the men were
horribly mutilated. The heavy mis
siles, after passing through the gun
deck, continued down to third deck
where they came in contact with the
armored deck, the heavy steel bring
Ing them to a stop and thus saving
the engineers and firemen who were
at work below.
Red Cross Troubles.
New York.April 10.-Miss Clara Bar
ton, president of the American Na
tional Red Cross, in answer to what
her associates say she considera
threats of opposition to her adminis
tration, said she courted the fullest in.
vestigation by congress of the affairs
of the organization from her first con
nection with it. Miss Mabel T. Bord
man, one of the active members of the
opposition, says she was suspended
without a hearing, and cites Bishop
Potter, Spencer Trask and Robert C
Ogden as advocating the reorganiza
tion of the Red Cruss to regain confi
dence of the public.
MRS. PORTER'S FUNERAL.
Services at American d'hurc ii.Mentl d
by Many Notable let-:r-,.
Paris, April l-The foneO1 of Mrs.
Porter, wife of the lnit. ati
bassador, was heIl at 1 .
"-rday at the Amnrican (ourrh in
Rue de Berri. It was .:. :v:
tribute, the heads of t'
ernment. member- of
Corps and many rep: ". 1. of
tbe American colony rt n tin .
The front of tht chi: w p I
with black andl the w.J
o f th e in te rio r w e re a s. ; ,,.
black draperies Thb .
filled with tall palms, a i
ately in front of the armlt
cask(;. hidden beneath a pr,
beautiful floral offerings
Ambassador Porter wa"s::'p
vied by his daughter, Elsie, 1
the ordeal with fortitude T' tn, lef
service the casket was borne ti th,
of President Lou bet; Paul LouIetn Gen
eral Dubois, the personal reprrisenta
tive of the president, with a large staff
of officers in full uniform; F1 rnign
Minister del Casse, Premi' r Comber
and other members of the ministry
with their wives. Among others pres
ent were Ambassador Tower, who
came on from Berlin; former Vice
President Levi P. Morton. Consul Gen
eral Gowdy, Count de Rochamheau.
Marquis de Chambrun, M. Hamard.
sculptor of the Rochambear statue:
British Ambassador Sir Edrnnd M11n
son and staff, and ambass.'l' :5.sind
ministers of various other coun'roes
with staffs, and a large number'
Americans, taxing the capacity of the
edifice. Rev. Dr Thurri.' conduct' I
the simple service. After the priui:o
service the casket was niorne t' the
mortuary chapel adjoinina the chirncn,
where it will remain until removed to
America.
BLANKET FRANCHISE.
It Is Said to Call for Eighty-Two Miles
of Street Railway Tracks
Los Angeles, Cal., April 10.-The
Times says: It is accepted as a fact
that Senator William E. Clark of Mon
tana represents the Southern Pacific
in the application for the celebrated
"blanket" franchise for an eighty-two
mile street railway system in Los An
geles. Any doubt that might have ex
isted Is dispelled by the discovery of
the holding of a midnight meeting of
the quartette of men who cemented
the bond betwen the Southern Pacific
and Mr. Garland, who acts as general
attorney for the franchise applicants.
This meeting was held at the office of
Attorney Clarence Miller, in the Bry
son block, and those present were W.
E. Herrin. general counsel for the
Southern Pacific; Walter P. Parker,
political agent for that company; Wm.
M. Garland and Attorney Clarence
Miller. At this meeting was born the
plan which seems destined to wreck
the policy of the transportation fam
ily and which has already caused
Henry E. Huntington to sever official
relations with the Southern Pacific
company.
Mr. Huntington has been for a long
time a director and vice president of
the Souther.: Pacific, but the attack
of the corporation upon his interests
makes it impossible for him to con
tinue. If he has not already resigned.
he will do so. This news comes from
headquarters. It marks an episode of
national importance in railroading, the
passing of the successor of C. P. Hunt
ington, one of the founders of the
corporation, from the board.
Government Wins.
St. Paul, April 10.-In the United
States circti't court of appeals was
banded down a decision in suit of the
United States against Northern Secu
rities company enjoining the company
from voting stock of the Northern Pa
cific or Great Northern Ralway com
pany, but allowing return of such
stock as had been delivered to that
holding company. The opinion was
written by Judge Thayer. The gov
ernment wins suit on almost every
point.
Many PilgrIms at Rome.
Rome. April 10.---Many pilgrims, es
pecially Germans, have arrived for the
Easter functions. They will l7a ie
celved in audience by thepope Mon,
day In mo-e than 3d0 churches holy
week services are proceeding without
incident. People rushed to see the
mepulchres, and especially admIred the
one In the church of the American
college.
ANY oAN MAYBECUREI
RIus. FuwcEs IINGSLIY,
Iist Vice4 sident of the listorical
00 " krfieldA Arv ehiagoIIL,01*a
CICAGoo, Im., 544 Garfield Avenue, October, 9, 1902.
After doctoring for eleven months and taking forty-three bottles of medicine and finding no relief for leucorrhona
resulting from irritation of a fallen womb I took Wine of Cardui mad fourteen bottles cured me. This seems strange but
it is the sin truth. Wine of Cardui helped me from the time I began taking it and having heard it praised so highly
by friends whobad tried it I felt satisfied that it would help me, and it
de It is a e meToo yb he pinandheedacheramp ean
wored t rful medicine and atruefEmend to women-. WhenI lookbcckanther 4
months of torture I had it seems like a hideous nght nare. Wine of Cardui will care
anyu wman I believe. I have more faith in it than all other mediaines combined.
Whowouldgoon utrngfmaletr safter readintheearnest statementofthis prominent woman? Are you suffering from leu
eorrhwas Have you the irritation of a falleno misplaced o ? Doyou have periodica headaches? Do you have aches, pains or cramps
in the abdome? Have yon "bearing down pains" - Do youfeel as ifyou were never "young, strong and happy ?
How can y70 refuse relief when you know these troubles are torturing you, are growing worse day after day? If you go to a phy
sician after a local examination, he wil probably tell you an operation is necessary. Mrs. Kingsley took Wine of Cardui and she
was cured without an operation. And ths is what You may do. Shooting pains, irregularity, inflammation and bearing down pains make
thousands of women miserable. Why drag through life never enjoying any ? Wine of Cardui has made over 1,500,00 weak and suf
eýwomen welland strong. We ask you to go to your druggist today and secure a $1.O0bottle of Wine of Cardui and begin to take it at
onW D a CA RDUI
s b w ~ w H ~ k ~ ft ~ e o W L d i a " w e g o d W -M ,I n g