RIDER AGENTS WANTED
in each town to take orders for our new High Grade
Guaranteed Bicycles.
New 1903 Models
" D Bellse,/ " Complete $8.75
iO COaSSI.kI Guaranteed High Grade O10.75
"1Siberian," A Beauty *12.75
"Nesuderf" Road Racer $4,75
no better bicycle at any price.
Any other make or model you toant at one-third
usual price. Choice of any standard tires and best
equipment on all our bicycles. Strongest guarantee.
We SHIP ON APPROVAL C. O. D. to any one
without a cent deposit and allow 10 DAYS FREE
TRIAL before purchase is binding.
5OO1 orenu Hand Wheels s .
taken in trade by our Chicago retail stores. $3 to $8
all makes and models, good as new............
DO ROT BUY a .. o,.,until you have writen for our
FACTORY PRICES AND FREE TRIAL OFFER.
-..- nt, mries and sporting goods of all kinds, at half regular pr'ce.
e sundry catalog. Contains a world of useful information. Write for it.
L, MEAD CYCLE CO., Chicago, III.
E MERCANTILE I MFG(. oLTD.
Wholesale Dealers in All Kinds of
Produce, Field and
Garden Seeds.
" of SHREVEPORT STEAM BOTTLING
KS and SHREVEPORT STEAM
CANDY FACTORY.
d 125 Texas Street, Shreveport, La.
. DREYFUSS & CO.
WHOLESALE DEALERS IN
s, Boots, Shoes and Hats.
SPRING AND CROCKETT STREETS.
VTTENTION TO 'COUNTRY ORDERS.
ERMAN LOEB
DEALER IN
1, Tallow, Beeswax, Furs.
STREET, NEXT TO V. S. & P. RAILWAY.
SHREVEPORT. LA.
es the best prices obtained in St. Louis, New
a and Ioust~in markets..Prmot returns.
/4
ms Mat t! e , - .
.... ....
... ...-. oPt. u m
S t 4 n o
A It '*E r *i S *f a.
..~. .C~i.j~iI: 'j-i- ··~- ;:~t_^44 . r
~iow o* ox ib lp~
AR~h&. &$O54
Gerle.t_ ie .;·W * t reer ~
ctipt wt st~and i·~t~lJI14bnt thii·37;e to·in swa-'
to.. ~.~~liT~9c:~~ m '~~'·kt txas $
em. I
..;..·4 *- -i·=~·-- ~ t:-rplesr · l
~:"r·,';4 4 '=
AN ORDINANCE
fixing voting places and 'appointing
commissioners and clerks of elec
tion for each ward to serve in the
following elections: (I) Submit
ting the question of incurring debt
and issuing bonds therefor for the
improvement' and pavement of
streets and alleys in the city of
Shreveport. (2) Submitting the
question of incurring debt and issu
ing bonds for the purchase of
ground and erecting thereon a city
hail in the city of Shreveport. (3)
Submitting the qucsti n of granting
to the Kansas Ctty. Shreveport and
(Julf Railway I.Companyl the right to
use. 'ccupy and otherwise obstruct
Spring street between bloclks 1) and
J of l:ock 67, or iRoland Jones ad
ditiion. i the cityi of Shreveport,
and also the alley in said block 1).
(4) The question of granting to the
Shreveport Ba e Ball .,,ciantion
the ri ht to use, ocupyl and other
v i-c lihstruct the alleV nortlih of
\Valiut strct in I arkview sulidi
i.ision between 'ark avenue and
Svcrimore strect. in the city of
Shreveport. t) The qulc.tion of
incurring delit and issuing nego
tiable bonds for the purpose of lay
ing and cnustructing a storm sewer
on Crockett, Louisiana. \Iarsha!l
and McNeil streets, and a storm
sewer on Edwards and T,'avis
streets, also a storm sewer fro:n in
tersection of Lawrence street and
Texas avenue to intersection of
Christian and Travis streets. Said
elections to be held on T'uesday.
May 12, 1903: also prescribing the
form of ballots to be used. duty of
registrar to furnish list of taxpay
ers entitled to vote. fxing the hour
for the opening and closing of the
polls and disposition to be made of
returns, and appointing the day oni
which the council shall convene to
canvass the returns and declare the
Sresults of said elections.
Section i. Be it ordained by the city
council, in legal and regular assembly
convened, that the following polling
places in the city of Shreveport (being
the same polling places *at which the
last election in this city was held)
be and are hereby fixed as the polling
places at which shall be held the elec
tions on Tuesday. May the 12th, 1903.
already ordered, for voting (I.) on the
proposition to issue four (4) per cent
thirty (30) year bonds to the amount
of one hundre' and eighty-eight thous
and ($188,ooo.oo) dollars to be paid by
a special tax of two and one-eighth
(2 1-8) mills per year for thirty (3o)
years, or so such a smaller number of
years as may be necessary. for paving
and improving the streets and alleys of
the city' of Shreveport. (2) On the
proposition to issue four (4) per cent
twenty (20) year bonds to the amount
of ninety thousand ($9o.ooo.oo) dollars,
to be paid by a special tax of one and
one-fourth (i 1-4) mills per year for
twenty (20) years, or such a smaller
nunlber of years as may be necessary,
for purchasing ground and building
thereon a city hall for the use and bene
fit of said city. (3) On the ouestion of
granting to the Kansas City, Shreveport
and Gulf Railway Company the right
to use, occupy and otherwise obstruct
~wring street between blocks D and J.
,6i block 67, or Roland Jones addition,
i:i the city of Shreveport, and also the
alley in said block D. (4) On the ques
tion of lrantingt to the Shreveport Base
Ball Association the right to use, occu
ov and otherwise obstruct the alley
north of Walnut street in Parkview
subdivision between Park avenue and
Sycamore streets, in the city of Shreve
port. (5) On the question of incurring
debt and issuing negotiable bonds for
the purpose of laying and constructing
a storm sewer on Crockett, Louisiana.
Marshall and McNeil streets, and a
storm sewer on Edwards and Travis
streets; also a storm sewer from inter
section of Lawrence street and Texas
avenue to intersection of Christian and
Travis streets, and in 'order to pay
thereftr, to issue four (4) per cent
thirty (3o) year bonds to the amount of
twenty thousand ($2oooo.oo) dollars, to
tý paid by a special tax of, one-fourth
-,4) of one mill per year for thirty
(,0) years; or such a fewer number of
years as may be necessary; also that the
following commissioners aind clerks of
said election at each polling place be
and, are hereby named:
SWard I of City-Engine house on
Travis - street: Commissioners, Ben
White, H. A. Winter, Ben Landman:
clerk, 14 A. McCutchen.
Ward a of City-Court -house: Com
%nissioners, Jules Drevfuss, J. MeW.
Foid. H. F. Doll ;.clerk, F. R. Callaway.
Ward 3 of City-J. D. Paces old
shop, now occupied by C. C. Hardman
& Co.: Commissioners, W. H. Williams,
-S Goldstein, G. A. Turner; clerk, Wal
'ter Marburg.
Ward 4 of City--Bicllham's store on
fordan street: Commissioneys, W. A.
[Mabry, J. F. Welch, F. -W. Palis; clerk,
14. Dingle
Ward 5 of City-Charles Stoer's store
on Texas avenue: Commisr;oners, Wil
1iamr- Lowe, W. S. Penick, Jr., D. B.
Hamilton ; clerk, V. L. Fulton
Warid . of city-E. Sudlin's hld store
on Plank Road: Commissioners, W. G.
Wadley; Dr. John P. Scott, Lee Gul
lett: clerk, Robert R. Emory.
Ward 7 of city-Snell & Stokes store
on Texas avenue: Comniissioners, F. H.
Rosenbiath, W. A. Troegel. W. C. Al
ston ; lerk, Ernest Laenger.
Ward 8 of city--Luchini's old barber
shop on Platik Road: Commissioners,
A. Beiioit, Elias Lake, D. H. Cas
tie; clerkl-R. J. Porter.
Sic. 2.. -Be t further ordained, that
it shall be the duty of the registrar of
voters to furnsh the commissioners ap
pointed tO hold said elections with a list
of taxpayers entitled to vote in person!
,or by proxy -at such elections, tggether
with the valuation of each taxpayer's.
property, as shown by the assessment
roll last made and filed prior to said
elections.
Sec, Bq it firther ordained, that
-the form of ballots to be voted at said
election in favor of incurring debt and
issingrt bonds for the improvement and
pkaving of streets and alleys in the city
of Shreveport shall he as follows:
"'For the pronosition submitted to the
vote of the property taxpayers of the
city of Shreveport~ La, by ordinance
adopted on the 3oth day of Ma-ch, 1903,
is ,a :debti of one hundred and
·Xc 4 Spavin asklim
Travis from Market to Common.
Fannin from McNeil to Commerce.
Caddo from Market to alley rear o:
Ardis & Co.
Cotton from Marshall to Texas ave
flniue.
Commerce from Cotton to Lake.
Spring from Bridge to Battle.
Spring from Caddo to Travis.
\Market from Cotton to Jones.
Marshall from Travis to I)avis.
Edwards from Travis to Crockett.
McNeil from Travis to Cotton.
Louiiana street from Travis t(
Texas street.
Conmmon fr,,mn Travis to Cotton.
Lonitiana street from Lake street tc
Louitiana avenuel.
Loi i::na avenue fronm Louisianr
treet to i );1)on vanl street.
]),onovan ustreCt from. Louisiana ave.
miun to south line of Carter subdivision
D)onovanl street extension from soutti
lioe Carter subdivision to Jordan street
\\c tern avenue from Sprague te
IloI e treet.
hItote friom \\extern avenue to Texas
viielue.
Anna from \\'etern avenue to Pierre
a Veniu ie.
.\llen avtele frnlt A;\nnta to Garden.
Garden from Allen avenue to Pierre
Jordan from Texas avenue to Pierre
avetiute.
\s inston from Jordan to Murphy.
Southern avenue from Jordan to Da
shiell.
Jacobs street from Fairfield avenue to
Southern avenue.
Lacy from Fairfield avenue to South
urnT avenue.
Fairfield avenue from Dashiell to
First street.
Irving place from Jordan to Oliva.
Jordan from Irving place to Creswell.
Stoner avenue from Louisiana ave
nue to Greenwood cemetery entrance.
Christian street from Sprague to
Texas avenue.
Egan from Louisiana avenue to Cres
well.
Texas Road from Cedar to corpora
tion line.
Murphy from Winston to Greenwood.
Jones from Spring to Commnrce.
And to issue negotiable bonds of the
said city to the extent of one hundred
and eighty-eight thousand ($188.ooo)
dollars, for said purpose. running for a
period of thirty (30) years, to be dated
January t, 1;o3. with interest payable
semi-annually, at the rate of four (4)
per cent per annum; and. in order to
pay same, to levy and assess a special
tax of two and one-eighth (2I-8)
nills on the dollar per annum on the
assessable property of the city of
Shreveport, fo rthe following years, to
wi.t: 1903, 9I04, 1905, 19o6, 1907, 1908,
I9 og, 1910, 1911, 1912, 1913, 1914, 1915,
!916, 1917, 1918, 1919, 1920, 1921; 1922,
t923, 1924, 1925, 1926, 1927, 1928, 1929,
1930. 1931, 1932. or as many years there
of as will suffice for the payment of the
principal and the interest of said bonds;
said bonds not to be negotiated until re
quired fo" said improvements, and any
past due ,coupons attached at date of qte
gotiation to be clipped off of same."
The form of ballots against the prop
osition to incur a debt and issue bonds
for the improvement and paving of
streets and alleys in said city shall be
as follows:
"Against the proposition submitted to
the vote of the property taxpayers of
the city of Shreveport, La., by ordi
ance adopted on the 30th day of March
19o3, to incur a debt of one hundred and
eighty-eight thousand ($r88,ooo) dol
lars, for the purpose of paving and im
proving the following streets and allevy
within the city of Shreveport:
Crockett from Market to Texas.
Travis from Market to Common.
Fantin from McNeil to Commerce.
Cadda from Market to alley rear of
Ardis & Co.
Cotton from Marshall to Texas ave
nue.
i,ommerce rm irvin n ow L.aw.
Spring from bridge to Battle.
Spring from Caddo to Travis.
Market from Cotton to Jones.
Marshall from Travis to Davis.
Edwards from Travis to Crockett.
McNeil from Travis to Cotton.
Louisiana street from Travis to
Texas.
Common from Travis to Cotton.
Louisiana street from Lake street to
Louisiana avenue.
Louisiana avenue from Louisiana
street to Donovan street.
Donovan street from Louisiana ave
nue to south line of Carter subdivision.
Donovan street extension from south
line Carter subdivision to Jordan street.
Western avenue from Sprague to
Hope.
Hope from Western avenue to Texas
avenue.
Anna from Western avenue to Pierre
avenue.
Allen avenu'e from Anna to Garden.
Garden from Allen avenue to Pierre
avenue.
Jordan from Texas avenue to Pierre
avenue.
Winston from Jordan to Murphy.
Southern avenue from Jordan to Da
shiell.
Jacobs street from Fairfield avenue to
Southern avenue.
Lacy from Fairfield avenue to South
ern avenue.
Fairfield avenue from Dashiell to
First street.
Irving ;place from Jordan to Olive.
Jordan from Irving place to Creswell.
Stoner avenue from Louisiana avenue
to Greenwood cemetery entrance.
Christian street from Sprague to
Texas avenue.
Egan from Louisiana avenue to Cres- I
well.
Texas Road from Cedar to corpora- I
tion line.
Murphy from Winston to Greenwood.
Jones from Spring to Commerce.
"And to issue negotiable bonds of the
said city to the extent of one hundred
and eighty-eight thousand" ($I88,ooo)
do.lars, for saii purpose, running for a
period of thirty (30) years, to be dated
January 1, 1903, with interest payable
semi-artnually, at the rate of four (4)
-er' Bent per annum; and' in order to
nay same, to levy and assess a special
tax of two and one-eighth (2 I-8) mills
on the dollar per annum on the assess
able property of the city of Shreveport
for the following years, to-wit: 1903,
1904, 1905, 1906, 1907, 1908, 1909, 1910,
i91, 1,92, 1913, 1914,. 1915, 1916, 1917,
1918, 1919, 19a, 1921, .192, 1923, 1924,
1925, 194 1927, 1928 , 192 930, 1931,
13, or as .nay ye.rs thereof as w ill
, foricy yinet of. the prireip l
lff' ba hds sue.
past due coupons attached at datt
of negotiation to be clipped off ol
same.
Sec. 4. Be it further ordained, thai
the form of ballots to be voted at sail
election in favor of incurring debt anu
isosuing bonds for the purchase of the
grounds and erecting thereon a city hal
shall be as follows:
"For the proposition submitted to tht
vote of the property taxpayers of tht
city of Shreveport, La., by ordinance
adopted on the 30th day of March, 190o.
to incur a debt of ninety thousand
($90,o.ooo) dollars for the purpose of
purchasing ground in the s,ad city t1
cio.t fifteen thousand ($15.ooo) dollars.
or such a part thereof as may be neces
:iry, and to erect thereon a eitv hall to
I cot seventy-five thousand !$75.000)
dollars, or such a part thereof as may
lie necessary, the title to which shall
rest in the city of Shreveport: and to
issue negotiable bonds of the said city to
the extent of ninety thousand ($90,00o.ooo)
dollars for the said purpose. running
for a period of twenty (20) years. to be
dated January 1. 1903. with interest pay
able senmi-annually at the rate of four
(4) per cent per annum; and, in order
to pay same, to levy and assess a spe
cial tax of one and one-fourth (1 1-4)
mills per annum on the dollar on the
assessed valuation of the property in
sa d city for the following years, to
Wit: 1903, 1904, 1905, I906, 1907, 1908,
1909, 1910, 1911, 1912, 1913, 1914. 1915,
1916, 1917, 1918, 1919, 1920, 1921, 1922.
or as many years thereof as will suffice
for the payment of the principal and
the interest of said bonds not to be ne
gotiated until required for said im
provements, and any past due coupons
at date of negotiation to be clipped off
of said bonds."
The form of ballots against the prop
osition to incur debt and issue bonds
for the purchase of grounds and erect
ing thereon a city hall shall be as fol
lows:
"Against the proposition submitted
to the vote of the property taxpayers of
the city of Shreveport, La., by ordi
nance adopted on the thirtieth day of
March. 1903, to incur a debt of ninety
thousand ($go,ooo) dollars for the pur
pose of purchasing ground in the said
city to cost fifteen thousand ($15,ooo)
dollars, or such a part thereof as may
be necessary, and to erect thereon a city
hall to cost seventy-five thousand dol
lara ($75,ooo) or such a part thereof
as may be necessary, the title to which
shall rest in the city of Shreveport, and
to issue negotiable bonds of the said
city to the extent of ninety thousand
($co,ooo) dollars, for the said purpose,
running for a period of twenty years
(20), to be dated January 1, 1903, with
interest .payable semi-annually, at the
rate of four (4) per cent per annum,
and. in order to nay same, to levy and
assess a special tax of one and one
fourth ( 1-4) mills per annum on the
dollar on the assessed valuation of the
property in said city for the following
years to-wit: 1903, 1904, 1903, 1906, 1907,
1908, 1909, 1910, 1911, 191, 1912, 1913, 1914,
1915, 1916, 1917, 1918, 1919, 1920, 1921,
1922, or as many years thereof as will
suffice for the payment of the principal
and the interest of said bonds, not to be
negotiated until required for said im
provements, and any past due coupons
at date of negotiation to be clipped off
of said bonds."
Sec. S. Be it further ordained, that
thn form of ballots to be voted at said
election in favor of granting to the
Kansas City, Shreveport and Gulf Rail
way Company the rnght to use, occupy
and otherwise obstruct Spring street be
tween blocks D and J, of block 67, or
Roland Jones addition, in 'the city of
Shreveport, and also the alley in said
block D, shall be as follows:
"For the proposition submitted to the
vote of the property taxpayers of tme
city of Shreveport, La., by an ordinance
adopted on the 2nd day of April, 19.3,
to grant to the Kansas City, Shreve
port and Gulf Railway Company the
right to use, occurn and obstruct Spring
street between blocks D and. J of block
b7, or Roland Jones addition, in the city
of Shreveport, and also the alley in said
block D, the said company to keep open
and dedicate to public use the exten
sion or prolongation of Market street
through its property acquired by it in
expropriation proceedings, subject to its
right to cross same with its tracks to
reach its freight depot; provided fur
ther that the city reserves the right to
compel said railway company to pay its
share of the cost of a viaduct over its
property and closed portion of said
Spring street."
The form of ballots against the fore
going proposition in this sectioq 'shall
be as follows:
'Against the proposition .submitted to
the vote of the property taxpayers of the
city of Shreveport, La.. by an ordinance
adopted on the and day of April, 90o3,
to grant to the Kansas City, Shreveport
and Gulf Railway Company the right to
use, occupy and obstruct Spring street
between blocks D and J of block 67, or
Roland Jones addition, in the city of
Shreveport, and also-the alley in said
block D, the said company to keep open
and "dedicate to public use the extension
or prolongation of Market street
through its property acquired by it in
expropriation proceedings, subject to
its right to cross same with its tracks
to reach its freight depot; provided fur
ther, that the city reserves the right to
compel said railway company to pay its
shape of the cost of a viaduct over its
prorerty aind closed portion of said
Spring street."
S.c. 6. Be it further ordained, that
the form of ballots to be voted at said
election int favor of incurring debt and
issuing bonds for the purpose Of laying
and constructing a storm , sewer on
f Crockett street from Edwards to Louis
iana, thence on Louisiana from Crockett
to alley between Milam and Crockett,
on Marshall from Crockett to alley he
tween Milam and Crockett, on McNeil
from Crockett to .lilam: also a storm
sewer on Edwards street from Texas
to Travis. thence on Travis from Ed
wards to Marshall; also a storm sewer
from intersection of 'Lawrence street
and Texas avenue to intersection of
Christian and Travis streets. shall be
as follows:
"For the proposition submitted to the
vote of the property taxpayers of the
city of Shreveport, La., by ordinance
adopted on the 30th day of March, 1903.
to incur a dust ;of twenty thousand
($ao,oooo dollars for the purpose of
laying and constructing a storm sewer
on 'Crrckett street from Edwards to
LsuiCine, thence onn oisioan from
Crr~e€ to: tIy lb~a~pet r Milan and:
,,ýý { 3
McNeil from Crockett to Milam; also
a storm sewer on Edwards street from
Texas to Travis, thence on Travis from
Edwards to Marshall; also a storm
sewer from intersection of Lawrence
street and Texas avenue to intersection
of Christian and Travis streets, in the
said city, to cost twenty thllusand dol
lars ($2o.ooo ). or such a part thereof
as nmay he nccsary, alld to i.ule nego
tiahlle htnds of the .aid city to the ex
tent of twenty thounand ($.2.,.0)0) dol
lars fr aid purpose,. running for a pc
rinod f thirty (30) years, to he dated
January I. lI1o. with intere.t payablc
semi-aniuall at1 l thie rale , four (4)
iocr cent lpr annlm. anld. In order to
pary -.:ll t. . t, I VV a ld ts c-.. at -ltccial
t:,: o, f ,M -f,:nrth ( -4) -f ,ne mill on
;he fll,, .y year,, t .-wi o : Ot i . 104.
IO SO II)((, 1(;07, )(,O8, ii (5), I I(). ;011,
lP i . 1(,20. 1 21,ii I i I22 1, , 2,, 1)24, li)25,
or a-. 1aiiy tear ti hreo as will stillce
for thoe Ipayent ,f the principal and the
interest of said ihont.;: said hnds not to
e ncegotiated until required for said im
provelentll. ald 1)as.t due c'ipllons at
tached at late of negotiation to be
clipped (,ff of same."
The form of hallots against the fore
going proposition in this section shall be
as follows:
"Against the proposition sublmitted to
the vote of tie property taxpayers of
the city of Shreveport, La.. hy ordinance
adopted on the 30th (lay of March. 1903,
to incur a debt of twenty thousand
(520.o00) dollars for the purpose of
laying and constructing a -,tortn sewer
on Crockett street from Edwards to
Louisiana, thence on Louisiana from
Crockett to alley between Milam and
Crockett, on Marshall from Crockett to
alley between Milam and Crockett. on
McNeil from Crockett to Milam; also
a storm sewer on Edwards street from
Texas to "Travis, thence on Travis from
Edwards to Marshall; also a storm
sewer from intersection of Lawrence
street and Texas avenue to intersection
of Christian and Travis streets, in the
said city to cost twenty thousand dol
lars ($2o.ooo). or such a part thereof as
may be necessary, and to issue negoti
able bonds of the said city to the extent
of twenty thousand ($2o,ooo000) dollars
for said purpose, running for a period
of thirty (30) years, to be dated Janu
ar-- 1, 1903, with interest nayable semi
annually at the rate of four (4) per
cent per annum ; and, in order to pay
same. to levy and assess a special tax of
on'-fourth (1-a) of one (i) mill on the
dollar per annum on the assessable
property of the city of Shreveport for
the following years, to-wit: 1903, 1904.
1905, 1906, 1007, Ioo8, 1909, 1910. 1911,
1912, 1913, 1914, 1915, 1916, 1917, 1918.
1919, 1920, 1921, 1922, 1923, 1924, 1925,
1926, 1927, 1928, 1929, 1930, 1931, 1932,
or as many years thereof as will suffice
for the payment of the principal and
interest of said bonds; said bonds not
to be negotiated until required for said
improvements, and past due coupons at
tached to date of negotiation to be
clipped off of same."
Sec. 7. Be it further ordained, that
the form of ballots to'be voted at said
election in favor of closing the alley
north of Walnut street in Parkview
subdivision between Park avenue and
Sycamore streets, for the benefit of the
Shreveport Base Ball Association shall
be as follows:
"For the proposition submitted to the
vote of the property taxpayers of the.
city of Shreveport, La., by ordinance
adopted on the 3oth day of March, 1903.
granting to the Shreveport Base Ball
Association the right to use, occupy and
otherwise obstruct the alley north of
Walnut street in Parkview subdivision
between Park avenue and Sycamore
street in the city of Shreveport; provid
ed that in event said alley shall be va
cated by the said Shreveport Base Ball
Association for base ball purposes then
the said alley to revert to the said city."
The form of ballots against the
foregong proposition in this section
shall be as follows:
"Against the proposition submitted to
the vote of the property taxpayers of
the city of. Shreveport, La., by ordi
nance adopted on the 3oth day of
March, 1903, granting to the Shrev'eport
Base Ball Association the right to use,
occupy and otherwise obstruct the alley
north of Walnut street in Parkview
subdivision between Park avenue and
Sycamore street, in the city of Shreve
port; provided that in event said alley
shall be vacated by said Shreveport
Base ball Association for base ball pur
poses, then the said alley to revert to
the said city."
Sec. 8. Be it further ordained that
the polls shall be opened from 7 a.m.
until 5 p.m. of the day of said elections.
The commissioners are hereby in
structed to count the votes immediate
ly after the closing of the polls and
make due returns of the results to the
city council-the said returns to be
handed to the city comptroller, to be by
him safely kept until the meeting of the
council to be held thereafter for the
purpose of compiling the returns and
declaring the results according to law.
Sec. 9. Be it further ordained, that
the mayor and the city council shall, in
open session, on Wednesday, May 13.
1903. at 6 o'clock pin.. proceed to open
the ballot boxes, examine and count the
ballots in number and amount. exalm
ine and canvass the returns and declare
the results of the said elections.
Adopted by the following vote:
Ayes: Busbey. Conger, Currie. Dick
son, Foster. Jenlins, Lowenthal. Quig
les. Rand. Thoman, Wi-e.
Nays: None.
April 2, I903.
ANDREW QUERBJES, Mayor:
C. G. RIVES. Comptroller.
T. (G. HiAYES,
..uditor and Ex-Officio Secretary.
Atril 5, 90o3.
SUCCESSION NOTICE
No. 71 2-First District Court. Pa:iri-h
Sf Cadd,. State of Louisiana : SIt-
c-· ;in of Willian Ender'.
Notice i- herel, given that S. J. En
de: -. .adninistration, has this d;.y til;ed
his fina- account in said sulce-,.., and
unless opposition be made thereto within
the time specified by law. the -tame will
be ,Huly homolo'ated, as nwaved fr.
\V;it':e- s the H nnor;,l,,- . . .t Land.
1ridge of said C, r-t. this. the I!th day
of April. 19o3_
F. A. ILEONARD. Clerk.
Anril r-, ioo0.
It costs no iore to ha ,,e, rt d . " .
,~-v for vnlr hf1sincss than t!e ;, .,," -:~'
1-Th food kind 'is the kind we 7,.
p,.