RIDER AGENTS WANTED
in each town to take orders for our new High Grade
Guaranteed Bicycles.
New 1903 Models
d" Beliise," Complete $8.75
f Cgossack," Guaranteed High Grade $10.75
! Sibprlan," A Beauty $12.75
" Neudorfi" Road Racer $14.75
no better bicycle at any price.
Any other make or model you want at one-third
usual price. Choice of any standard tires and best
equipment on all our bicycles. Strongest guarantee.
We SHIP ON APPROVAL C. O. D. to any one
toithout a cent deposit and allow 1O DAYS FREE
TRIAL before purchase is binding.
5- 0, aeoond Hand Wheels ,. C
taken in trade by our Chicago retail stores, 3 It $8
all makes and models, good as new............
0 A a biccle until you have writen for our
DUU NOT BU FACTORY PRICES AND FREE TRIAL OFFER.
sgIll.tuies and sporting goods of all kinds, at half regular price.
- s ndrycatalog. Contains a world of useful information. Write for it.
L. MEAD CYCLE CO., Chicago, III.
Wý %hol,>.rale Dealers in All K;lnds of
P9 P ducc, "Field ad
Garden Seed s.
of SHREVEPORT STEAM IOTTTI;N(G
RKS and SHREVEPORT STI'EAl
CANDY FACTORY.
125 Texas Street, Shreveport, La.
SDREYFUSS & CO.
WHOLESA\LE DEALERS IN
s, Boots, Shoes and Hats.
SPRIIN(- AND CROCKETT STREETS.
ATTENTION TO COUNTRY ORDERS.
ERMAN LOEB
DEALER IN
ool, Tallow, Beeswax, Furs.
-STREET. NEXT TO V. S. & P. RAILW\AY.
SHREVEPORT, LA.
the sellers the best prices obtained in St. Louis, New
Galveston and Houston markets. Prompt returns.
STATIONS tIdaiy Ndaily
u ......... .L.o-............. . " a. m. . m.
f" i 'll. ........ . ......... "-N='-0
I r "" ....... . 819 m.. i ! 18,, i.
S ..... . .......... a 64
* . o1 10th a n1
rl0t L es.. L vs . l8l I. L4 40a...m .
7 ll 'a.t LP.Tl l,.k Lt.8 .ALS~ wayTae
a Moment."
Sthe completest stock of
e', Matting, Rugs
. 1 and L moleu8s80
it to your interest to call and see me before you buy.
the you buy or not. No trouble to show goods.
A.. Stephenson.
E MOUNTAIN"
TORS and ICE CHESTS
now on exhibition at
ARTEL & SON.
ance" Gas oline Stove, a "Wonder" Freezer, an
uip to with stand the torrid heat of the coming sum
! 211 Texas St.
inting--co mmnercial printing of value, we are ready
'e kind of printing we do is good printing
wants g ood printing should beat in mind that
e do is a Iways good-the cheapest kind after all
TALMAGE
SERMON
By Rev.
FRANK DE WITT TALMAGE. D.D,,
Pastor of Jefferson Park Presby
terian Church, Chicago
('hlcatro, April 1).- In this sermon
the preacher draws a rclistlic plctuIr
of the lnllmrous ('lass that dallies with
evil ini(ul4(nce,, making a to .k iof dan
gEr and lheedle'ss of llmonit'Oit n until
it Is too late. The text is Plroverbs xiv.
S, "F'ools make fn I1Ot.k at sin."
Thel'hreare times when hints and deli
Laten LPlhr:lsolo ' are iln:l1' tlil;t( Ir
.eiii'f l pIrpoe, : 1nd , ,:i the kitl 't
id o w is.. lt ii'ior s is to us ; plain.
.tpok n C ha: rat(l riZal tin sl:lt foI o1! l )
rrl':ows of . t n Itl atin (ill ! ni(I lot trI;
ltiln u. ll ied sin, it is laig t i"
lstilay tize thea , h :n who nI oli: I:;t I
is na foome . thhen th Il^ u,: ni' Io !l
'drely but sure('ly lost Ing t. e i'oo
ied :yfways of limfe's j(il'I' No. 'yimy c::
pu(tatio : n. noit birlml < or i ': s. tr '. 1 ni
ee tile evil results of' sin. -. eryher,
theiony who they nil only : .look as t
ar e apableo, rof loking witlhy are eloty
mental weaklingst cwho nl.ls 111(n on-f
plgufined called tin, it is hih ta lun that
sylum.e on shoeyld can thinkold noh tol
stigmatize them Iby anl do lrolrito
name. They are not mnisguided omn are
dren who are merely lost in th thatook
ed byways of life's our ty.hem they can
arehethe evil results of sin everywhere
they go if they will only look as they
are capable of looking. Thiony are not
mentalt victims w ho have been con
fined behind the Iron bars of a lunntle
asylum. They can think, and clearly
think, if they will and do what they
ought to do. Such men a nd women are
displaying suicidal folly, and the only
appropriate name for them is that
hieh Solomogigantic sin applies to them; they
are fools. Going to destruction by
their own choice and volition mocking our
at victims who have already beeingn dSolomon's metho
stroyed, heedless of the fate moopenveltevi
ing over their own heads, thy art astime
foolish as would be a sea captain who
in midor womeand n the grip of a hurr
cane broke his rudder chains, threw his
chart overboar cold smashed his com
pass.
When a gigantic sin is workw andg evil to
the body politic and is endangering our
national well being, Sole race aomon's method
is demanded. President Roosevelt evi
dently thought so when. a short time
ago, referring to a cohealthymmon sin. he
wrote: "I do not know whether I most
pity or despise the foolish and selfish
man or woman who does not under
stand that the only things really worth
having in life are those the acquire
ment of which normally means (.oar
and effort. The man or the woman
who deliberately avoids marriage and
has a heart so cold as to know no pas
sion and a brain so shallow and selfish
as to dislike having children Is in effect
a criminal against the race and should
be an object of contemptuous abhor
rence to all healthy people."
Why mookers Are Fools.
The same kind of warning against
sin Hugh Latimer gave when be sent
to Henry VIII., his king, the present
of a New Testament. with these pun
gent words written in plain letters up
on the fly leaf: "For this ye know that
no unclean person hath any inheritance
in the kingdom of Christ and of God."
The same kind of warning against sin
in high places John Knox used to give
when as court preacher be would look
down from his pulpit and denounce the
sins of his ruler until the beautiful
Mary. queen of Scots. would grit her
teeth and turn pale and clinch her tiny
fists in paroxysms of rage. Let me
show you why the mockers at sin are
fools; also why men and women in the
daily walks of life should kneel every
morning and evening and ask the Heav
enly Father to protect and guide and
save them from the evil temptations
which beset them everywhere they go.
Evil temptations invariably are intro
duced to their victim in a seemingly
harmless way. They seek your com
panionship at first as friends, and not
as enemies. They do not approach you
glaring and convulsively working their
claws and leap at you. as the man eat
ing monster might try to got at your
throat when in all his fury he is caged
in the zoological gardens of Calcutta.
But temptations come to you at first
with the'soft fiur and the purring salu
tation of the little kitten which might
nestle in your lap. They come insid
iously, as the cholera germs might
reach you wrapped in the beautiful
garment which is sent to you from far
off India. They come with all the fra
grance of the poisonous leaf which
brings death to every creature that
touches it. Dr. Cuyler once gave a
wonderful description of one of the
poisonous trees, aptly called the Judas
tree. He said that the blossoms of this
tree are of a brilliant red. From far
and near the fatal beauty of those
flowers attracts the insects. Yet "ev
iary bee wandering in search of honey
that alights upon the blossoms imbibes
a fatal opiate and drops to the earth.
Beneath this enticing tree the earth is
strewn with the victims of its fatal
fascination." That fatal plant is a
vivid symbcl of the way deadly sin
first appeals to its victims. Sin in the
beginning fascinates the eyes as with
the brightest of floral colors. It fasci
nates the ear as w1 h the sweetest of
harmonies. It soothes the sr'es of'
touch.as with the vvctc -r1n1°C II
4,~~~~~ W h '!b i tei4 o,,t
the sharp claw. It first wooes its vI
tim to pillow his head upon the lap of a
beautiful I)elilah, and while the sinner
sleeps his lips are parted in a smile as
he dreams the happlest of dreamnns.
How Temptation Conmen.
"Sin Is a sweet poison." once wrote
Anthony Burgess. "It tickleth while it
stabbeth. The tirst thing it does is to
bewitch, then to put out the eyes, then
to take away the sense of feeling." It
Is when the temptation is colcealled
and hidden anmong attractive surround
ings that it has its greatest danger. The
mighty furred bruin of thie tocky
mountains is not caught by the steel
trap lying unconcealed in the opened
pathway. IIe slimitles along. snifs it.
iishlt's it asidte with his paw. moves
round it or leaps over it, but when that
trap is concealed under the green grass
a slhort dclita.int froit the tnllltill"
l;o'lt then the nolllntalllill l:ar has nleed
for f-:tr. No sononer is the gr'e:ýt paw
pliced upon tihat ltihi' nless lookinilg 'ov
erl! iit:l;n ti' st4li teetl of th;lt trap
:1 shut. 'h ins:ssive linh is 1
ina ;c i l nia l t4iE': ' . et :itai i is helpt
1l , .. ts (h 11ii :' 41u r ) : :1f r a o ti o be 4X4
e' t 'd in tL ; ri i". yard "tl. w ild
irt iy will not tloop (Iit t V hi s f hi owxvt
rt.itrd :iid c nt : tl l' i !tto illt iprtl.l re ofi
the f:ll tl trapi. It o :fer Ot er Ltt " 1at1.4
shrnitis 'wlntg Tt 'e t frest p iati tI
iiilany grains of s ri tis i tlil I lflI l wroill
loetr his towldit a ttak :tel oto no
ber ios conltn wihin timn wirt e .eitel
from which hei will 1h lin n. oull It his
eathl . My lrothe r :tid sister. :ore eyo
lmong thos whom in wSolomolnl des.
gn ates as fools? Ito Iou itos k at sin
mll ely beenluse it ('nete' alr)olnd in a
harmless wiy? The ol . fat tthat the
highwlnmnan crouches behild the rohk
makes his sudden attack the more dan
eorous; the mere frnt that the qluick
sands look to the unprarcticed eye as
sitrong as te rock under your feet
makes their invitations to step upon
Ithem the more fatal.
Evil temptations should not be de
rided. They assail a man at his weak
iest of battering rams can only make
the slightest indentations, but they
try to destroy their victim stun rategy. most
by throwing them off their guard;
wound Intog Achilles not through the
breastplate, but in the heel; cwayonquering
Alexander the Great not with the
sword, but with the wine cup; destroy
ing Charles Stewart Parnell not with a
man's gruff voice, but with a woman's
gentle arm; making Thomas Cranmer
sign his recantation not by the power
of argument, but by the power of fear.
It only needs a comparatively light
blow between the eyes to stun the most
powerful animal which was ever driv
en Into the Chicago slaughter houses.
It only needs one small sinful tempta
tion to appeal to us in the right way
to destroy any man unless he is upheld
by a divine panoply.
Sin Strlkes the Weakest Point.
Evil temptations always assail their
victims at their weakest points. Is
there any man foolish enough to think
that his character is so perfectly form
ed that there is no weak point in his
moral armor? A constructor who
I would not try to strengthen his sag
ging girder is a criminal. Awful was
the catastrophe when a few years ago
a great bridge across the river Seine
broke under the feet of the multitudes
merely because one of the iron links
snapped. Poor is the general who
would not be vigilant about the weak
est part of his fortifications. It was
after the famous mine was explod
ed under the earthworks of Peters
burg that the Federal troops were able
to drive back Robert E. Lee's forces
into Richmond. And can It be that
with all your brain and force and past
experience you do not realize there is
some helplessness, some weakness, in
your nature? Have you never been
tempted in the past and overthrown?
Can you not realize that you may be
tempted again in the future and over
thrown in the same way?
By being aware of and trying to
strengthen our weaknesses we are able
to supplement our strength. A well
known and thrilling story is told that
the engineer of the Holland dikes was
one night invited to a party. That aft
ernoon an awful storm arose. As the
hour drew near for the festival the
engineer wavered, but at last he said:
"No; I will go to the dikes, where my
duty calls. My services may be need
ed there." When he arrived upon the
t dikes, he found that under the cease
less bombardment of the seas some of
the stones in one place had become
loosened and a little water was begin
ning to trickle through. That little
stream was gradually growing larger.
Over the walls the engineer went. He
t tried to stop that hole tirst with stones.
- Then he took off his coat and jammed
it into the loosened rocks. "More
clothes!" he shouted. "More clothes!"
And lhe made his men take off their
garments. and at last the dikes were
- saved. Had that water been allowed
to trickle on and had not the weak
part of the wall been strengthened all
the dikes would have been swept away.
and thousands of men, women and
children would have been drowned.
Solomon well said that when a man
with his moral weaknesses scoffs at sin
he is a fool. I heard the reformed
John Gough. after he had been forty
years a teetotaler, say: "Rather than
eat a piece of mince pie flavored with
brandy I would cut off my right arm.
I would no more touch it, knowing my
physical and moral weakness for drink.
I than I would be willing to touch a
lighted match to a keg of gunpowder."
It is sometimes more manly to run
from sin than it is to fight sin. God
gave us two feet as well as two fists.
That means there are certain times
when we should flee from temptation:
that we should never allow ourselves
i to be rpl:c:d in f position where we
may be tewiptc.I. Temptation always
I..
fiendishly strikes Its victim at his weank
est point. Therefore "let him that
thinketh he standeth take heed lest he
fall."
Effectt of Evil IndulgE.l.nee5.
Evil indulgences should net Ihe d'ril
ed. They dull the moral se.:iilitic'.
Their sinful effects (annolit 1: son
much in the wasting away of tte ni-:li
tissues, as Bright's disc:. 1 1iii:'!
wreck the kidneys or Itub rc'ull sis ;-',':t
eat away the lllngs. Ilt ev:! i;iI;I
gefn('es have a hardeni: 0 ,or :i dni!in2
effe t, as cirrhosis lird ins the liner'
as iaresis alffects the cell tis.uil(s t t'!:;
braini. It is said that wh-! n ;:'
right side is h nlro nuh'd 1;hr"(11 1 t!:
feet of a pIar lytic stri,:' 11t ' .,c>
Sin l .ke a! pin alnd drive it i: '.,
limb arnd the ipati('ent is obli iar,, to ti
sense5 of painl. So when'i 1 h14 :l / i.
is s u ff(e r in 1u n d er11' tf.e' o fr!1l)e:n's h :'
feet of sill hi1( ls~s his.i 1I :'i> ;i;:
ties. What appeared to . ,i, n,
wVron now app\li' ro';Irs to ( !i it 't,'
whliat Vwas oiclle r.itlit lio, ( du- - I1,W :l;,
pear to have iny P.l hini a l:.":n3 t",, in
his life.
Th:, gradual dulli4 -<n: 1 or t;,, t l. :
tr.y loi w h\io ihas 1('11!.1' to lt 1 .,1 ill ,,IT
orh ili, t I 1ioh r. hl dtu l .
itolfil touch. Ie ('I 1 1 t i ;i 4 '1 4!
ri'Lht from ll w ronlg ;1s rmoll . ars rI
trainel d artist's eyo c(1l tell It" lnr
niony of colors or a nuli' i;ldan's oar c',
be shlocked at the sl;ghtest liscan'i.
P.it after awhile that youngli 1i0:in i
lows himself to hIe led into q!lestlo n
nlle enjoynelnts. ViWhe\n lihe first siaw
encharnting sin, a fiery blusIh inanntld
his cheek. But after awhile his lper
ceptions are dulled; evil is no longer re
pulsive to him; lie begins to belleve
that the theater may have a beneticialI
influence. lie can argue for it with a
clear eye and a steady heartbeat. Aft
er awhile he can go and with absolute
ly no qualms or upbraldings of con
science can sit and listen to the vilest
of talks which are being uttered upon
the stage; sit there with a young girl
by his side who Is no more ashamed of
what she sees and hears than Is her
masculine escort. The fact that the
young man is able to argue with you
and that he sees no wrong in watching
a sinful play proves beyond a doubt
that he has cirrhosis of the soul, a
hardening of the moral sensibilities, an
inability to spiritually distinguish right
from wrong. What color blindness is
to the locomotive engineer who is un
able to distinguish warning signals
alongside the railroad track spiritual
color blindness is to the sinful soul.
After awhile by the touch of sin the
sinner loses his capacity to distinguish
right from wrong and, like the eyeless
ground mole, is unable to tell the
brightness of midnoon from the dark
ness of midnight.
Hardenain the Moral Sensibilities.
I have seen, more than once. this
hardening of the moral sensibilities by
sin. Within a few blocks of my old
Chicago home there was a sinful place,
where most of the victims caught were
young boys of fifteen or sixteen years
of age. That evil place, thank God,
has since been closed. In the windows
of that poolroom were hung up a great
number of lewd pictures. Again and
again I have seen young men come up
to that place for the first time. When
they would do it, they would stagger
back as though stunned. Then they
would look around the street as though
they were thieves about to rob a house.
Then at those lewd pictures in the
windows they would look again, with
glassy eye and flushed face. But aft
erward those same boys, who at first
were ashamed to look, would become
bold faced and vile tongued. They
would stand around that corner, smok
ing filthy cigarettes and isulting young
girls as they would pass by. Within
the walls of my own church I have
seen this paralyzing of the moral sen
sibilities by sin. I have seen a man
who once led a noble woman to the
marriage altar not only sacrifice him
self, but sell his own child into sin, for
the gratification of quenching a drunk
ard's thirst. My brother and sister,
with such examples before you of the
metamorphosing power of sin, can you
afford to run the risk of scoffing at sin?
Are you not afraid that, as in Circe's
palace, you may be changed into the
form of a human brute? Are you not
afraid that by the touch of sin your
conscience may become so hardened
that you shall have no moral sensibili
ties left?
Evil temptations should not be de
rided. The depths of human misery
into which they can fling their victims
this side of the grave are unfathoma
ble. It is upon the dark side of the re
sults of sin I would speak. The trou
ble with many of our so called Chris
tian teachers is that we put a halo over
sin. We picture temptation as a crea
ture of beauty seated upon a silver
cloud lined with gold. She holds in one
hand a pack of cards and in the other
a goblet of wine. The color of her
cheek, the flowers caught in the folds
of her garment. elingink about her lithe
form, make her look so innocent jpne
cannot help loving her even though she
may be bad. But I would tear away
the beautiful robe, and under the rim
of that cloud I would show you a
crouching demon whose only music is
the agonizing cry of those whom he has
got in his clutches, whose only joy is
in tantalizing those whom he is de
stroying and whose frightened, plead
ing eyes have no more effect upon his
stony heart than the cry of the help
less fawn upon the boa constrictor who
Is wrapping its coils about the trem
bling body for the fatal hug.
First Steps to Destruction.
The first steps to moral destruction
Spay wind through a garden, but that I
floral pathway soon changes into the
hilly road covered with Jagged rocks
and running by the side of yawning
precipices. The bracelets of gold are
soon changed into the handcuffs of
steel. The merrytnakers will soon he:(
tlhe echoes of their lutghlter iI the
slhri',ka of the dow,,nl :,iial tihe lo*t
There is no p i."!' nll t h' pljiness in
sin. Mark thi:At. niy rither no, crn
h:il iTiness ini ;il'i
TWe| ] ll ', (0 liirunka l. u tiatt '('71 Ilte n
hapil)y? N O . fi1. .\r::' obiln I"'.ri hai
hi',lr . lo!ln i . Gi, .in ! i d' "-'l"'i', t::. nl;:s
ev st' s (1, } I ii e I IHll ' t' w | t io
lil'l ii il i ,: y . ' l t lI ' tl ;It :'.('
li' r' ie ii bitii \:w v t .it , 1r ;
t"in N'ltut oI f i tie t ii l \ih( ' ,it iiex
th next, there is ~ ii . I . lre. , I. .o re
whether you call the hultine of 'tertial
p nisl.u nt a "liki : ,of i ire" nil : , rim
stone," a great, heiving. molten sea
burning lav, a dutnEon Er the haunt
ing averns of nInory. The uinnm?
dying unrepentant muIst suffer anld stiuf
fer and suffer for-ever. 'Ilie Bible de
clares it. Wse must believe it.
t uoaldal Folly of the St.ne.
The buicidal folly of tlhe sinner wh
year by year adds to the long record of
his sins was vividly and impressively
compared by t Mr. S.,urgeon to a black
smith, who at the corliand of an ori
ental tyrant fora "ge for him a long
chain. The blacksmith at his forge
worked week in and week out, month
in and month out: thn lie brought the
chain to the fiend anlo said, "Here in
the chain which thou didst order."
"Make the chain longer," said the ty
rant; "longer, make t longer" Biblhen
at last the blacksmith answered, "I
cannot make the chain any longer, for
I have used up all my material," the
tyrant said to his slaves. "Tfke it and
bind the blacksmith with his own chain
and cast him into a furnace of fire."
nSo Satan as a demon by the power of
sin and by a man's own acts will not
only destroy a man's life for this world.
but also for the ner," said the ty-t
My brothers blacknd sisters, who ave
heretofore been mocking at sin as g
have been painting for you a picture,
with the dark background of warning,
will you not let me paint in the bright
foreground a sweet divine lore? this world.
you not let me describe for you the
Christ who is ready to stand between
you and all future temptation, the
past, but by his power will keep yopicture,
in the future? Who Is he? The Un
changing Rock, the Lily of the Valley,
the Bright and backgorningd of w Star, the One
who is altogether lovely, the One who
is now standing by your side. Will you
receive him? Wi you not let Christ
come into your heart?
Ye mockers at sin, s would pleat
with you also. Come to the fountain
of which if one drink he shall never
thirst again. I would plead as I have
never pleaded before. Why? Because
I know that under your sneers and
laughter you have a breaking heart. tU
know that you are at heart weary of
your sin and dread its punishment.
Come, then, and let Christ save you.
Do not be kept back by the thought
that you are too bad to be saved. You
are invited and Christ assures you that
none that come to him shall be cast
out. I tell you this invitation is for all.
Yes, it is for all. It is for you just as
it was for that poor drunken loafe9
who crawled up to the altar in Pitts
burg many years ago. "What is the
good of trying to save him?" some men
said to Francis Murphy. "No good."
answered Murphy, "for me to try f>
save him, but it is good to let God try."
And God did save. lie put his divine,
loving, forgiving arim about Captain
Barbour and the mocker at sinl 'icrame
a redeemed child inl the K 'in's Ip:glace.
Oh, my sinful, sor'ro\'ing fr;':n 1 . will
you cease to follow sin? \VWii yi: hore
and now surri(ender ylt lift', o xur
broken life, into the lhai d.l of it ' l)1
vine Master? Then, ait that 'ld ''o
ment. all the celtestial chinis will ring
I out the tidings that :in i.nt..e :1 is
born again:
You are redereme.., but not v!th i:'V"r.
You are bought. but not wr it"h .o.l.
Bought with a price, the bh ll, of .Jesus,
Precious price of love unt" .
[Copyright. 1903. by ,Louis Kic(psh.]
Baby Crles by 'rele;,l :ns.
A West Philaldelphia druggist wbh*
recently became the proud father of
his first baby was called to Baltimore
the other day on a business trip. Early
in the afternoon the telephone bell in
his home rang. and his wife answered
the call. Hubby was it the other end
in Baltimore. "It seemed so funny not
to hear the baby crying." 'ante the
voice over the wire, "that I couldn't
stand it any longer. ('"ant you bring
him to the phone so I ean hear him?"
Wifey woke the child up out of a sound
sleep, and he very aeeommodratingly
began to bawl at the top of his lungs
into the receiver while his mother held
hni : in her annrms. This continued until
t':.. Laya d ('rii a )' ¾'J'n '" . i;'"
ti :" Ionr= fidi tar:,:- ", :- .-'.on ti "
f::tiT ";