o T.,eless ..d SuerretMed to Cswee Chills mud
Fever mad all b.mrtel Treesles.
Does Not lajure the Stomach Nor Efeet the Hearing.
W. A. McL.rty s Son, DimeBoy, Tea., s ; 'Ramon's Pepsin Chill Tonic is the
we have ever aandled.* M son prescribes itin his practice,and says it Is
on t Toa which a chil c take without injury to the stomach."
BROWN Ira. CO., Prop're, (*reeneville. Tenn.
IIOUOR AND ROCEFRY CO=T D
LIMITEM
(Corner Texas and pring Streets.
HhADQUATITERS FOb'
Whisk'es. Brandies, AnporteA e Dormestic'C:gsr
, Winee and Sundries, les & Most Popul* Brands
sODACcof *NIh jSMfs ERos* ast3ay
sol0elted. Trompt ank Sat?44Ceto5r 0Va? )Mga a ;' a:ter:9* 7
MOSTCOMPLETEBUGGYFACTOR'I ol ARTH WRITE FOR
PRICES AND
CATALOGUE
GonOs ARE 14E BEST
OUR PRICE THE LOwaS?
M cC. bInwanpallsgl*
, 7ree. IALE BICKS. Vice.lreqp al *A1. Beo0 *0
)I RECTORSR
3 B51018, rALqIHICKE, t $ OOSMA, * I' CHaes.
T1 H 800Vo1LE 4 M str soin
HICKS COMPAN Y
L1MITEre
holesale Grocers
and Cotton Factors.
O'am and Warehouse, Corner Spring and Tra '
as and Commerce Streets
ERMAN LOEB,
f .,DEALER IN....
Wool. Tallow. Beeswax Furs, Eto
Street, Kext to V., S. &'P. By.,'Shreveport, La.
o the meller. e ins pries obtalued 1n Vioksburg, 8
Glveston mad Houstoe markets. Prompt retafn.
of Shipments
nhn Brol. Dn Gills Co
VWS1YIELY WHOLESALEC DEALaR8 IN
ds. Notions,'Boots, Shoes. Hate
Lsaee Street. New York Ofhee, 77 Franklin Street
SAM HUNTER HAWK BUNTER
NTER~ SRO .
Grocers and Commission Merchants
a Supplies, Bagging & Tie&
DBLLNES:IN
Oats, Bran and ChoDS
N amges .et bet eo o 1ses, f U UTesM apprsesatsd
CAP1''L'S CHiANGES.
IMPROVEMENTS MADE IN THE NA
TION'S LEGISLATIVE SUILDING.
More Committee Room. IFor Senate
and House - Masonic Honor For
(ongrecoxman Etichard.on-Jr. .or
ton and Karput Coniulnte.
[<.ocial(orrepo dcne'r.]
Wa-nl:o(. I ce. 10.-The Ilosing
ses lan of .Le I'lfty'-sixti con;gress Is
n.e: f:irly under ay, and thie sn:itors
and representatives are getting (Iowa
to wort: wit h an app rent dltera ina
tlon to clear up the heavily ineumlbr
ed eat nIar or It lIatt to disjiose of the
most Iiportal t itmOas of the untinished
business left over from the first
Senalora t l rplresselkitiv's :ilik.
are 1f hlry tlayd over tow ch( !:ges
Photo by Bell. Wathinrton.
JAMIS D. RICJHARD8ON.
aed improvements that have been
npde in the capitol building during the
recess, which give each branch of con
gress 14 additional committee rooms.
They are likewise loud in their praises
of Assistant Architect Woods and mar
vel that the work could have been
done so thoroughly in so short a space
of time. Toward the close of the last
session a joint resolution was adopted
which provided *ha* "the rooms and
space recently occupied by the library
of Congress in the capitol building shab
be divided intetbree stories, the third
story of which shall be fitted up and
used for a eference *ibrary for the
senate and house " reprerentatives
and that ortion of the otier Swo
stories north of a line drawn east at,*
west through the center of the $tunda
shall be used for such purpose as may
be designated by the Renate of the
United States and that portion of the
first and second stories south of said
line shall be used for such purpose as
may be designated by the house of
representatives."
An indefinite appropriation was made
by the resolution and no limit fixed on
the expenditure, full discretion being
lodged in the architect of the capitol.
Edward Clark. As soon as Mr. Clark
received the 'uthority of congress for
the work he turned the whole matter
over to Elliott Wood, the assistant
architect of the capitol. who prepared
the plans and supervised the work. All
contracts were approved by the secre
tary of the intprior and disbursements
made through that olee. The cost has
been about $200,00O&
The work was begun on Aug. 20 and
since been pushed vigorously day and:
ný. At the outset a difficulty was
tered of quite a serious charac
ter. When the old structure was torn
away and the foundation for the new
work was about to be begun upon
plans drawn for the occasion, it was
found that the windows and doors of
the old building were not "true." This
nedesaltated changes in the working
plans and considerable additional labor:
Solid masonry was put in, about 300,
000 bricks being used. There are 11.
000 square feet of tiling in the work
and 4,500 lIneal feet of marble base.
Altogether there are 28 apartments,
occupying two floors, thus giving each
body- 14 additional committee rooms.
Nearly all the rooms are light and airy
and some of them of ample dimensions.
Each apartment has a fireplace, with a
marble mantel, American marble being
used. The rooms will not be decorated
until next summer, but are finished in
white at this time. The woodwork in
the doors is solid mahogany, and every
thing about the place is of the best
quality. The main entrance to the
apartments is reached) from the ro
tiinda in the same way as the Library
of Congress was formerly entered. The
little lobby between the rotunda and
the new committee rooms is highly or
namental. Two marble columns, with
carved capitals, support a marble ceil
Ing. The side walls are also of marble,
and a marble balustrade surrounds the
stairway leading to the lower floor.
Many improvements of a minor char
a(ter have 'een made about the capitol
building since congress was last in ses
sion. The room of the senate commit
tee on foreign relations has been redec
orated in an elaborate manner and new
furnishings put in to match the decora
tions. Green and gold work is the
color scheme, and the effect is strik
ing. The room of the house committee
on foreign affairs has also been newly
ornamented, as well as some other of
the committee rooms. Two new elec
tric elevat rs have bebn placed in the
house winr of the capitol to replace the
slow, and cumbersome old machines.
Nei tiling hag been put In the base
ment floor of the old building, and the
machinery of the ventilating plant has
bltin completely overhauled. Alt.getll
er the congressional recess has lien an
ex( i dingly busy time for the archi
tl it s ,Trice.
Si(:l ing if c:piltl hitirtneints. It
emat bl notet d tl:l1 thewre is a ,tr t. .cu
t'^ a li ii Ia : 1z i l l lt -
till _ thec r,, :od::. )Ti, .11_ýt .t n i
to l I :II ti 1:11 Sie Iii a r le
Fin '.at mI- l in I Liniary of
.t ii i i that this woudt
f:: ,n " 'c t1,!n anytl ing el*o
l T ' cent'' I111" t'd ;improvemenl t s Ila milld
Int ll:, - a :.; c.i : ,l'r it;:"tt'm i f t!1"
oil Ir nit' 'latiNs irul tih teliol al of
the atlltt I , 1lin ,n around the w -ills,
twlhlich nov 'io iars If thoylii wire corn
pi.,-i of il:i't.r of Iaris. Thi- liant!
fil 'ultran ,' ti thi n~«- "ommniittei
r-~ine , "mcin f marl e i un'ititmns
wit aa nd npi al ti m l arbIle ,ids'
svill . t I,- 1!`11e s rve's to throw inaro
nit I' ,rab!lo ',Iwtra:st th. dlingiy rotun
ali. i nl inl nV 'Siliti r's and r-presenta
ti-,' h ave~ ,'rmoui ntte l 111(11 It.
A telwI'r niatti'r in ilonnei t on with
the ute '': 1ibline whoh b -on, erne th',
riipro rntativN' in confrt's is what is
to he done with thI ialdlitional Inlim
h' rt of the hlon-' which it is siupposeil
fliit iit' ri.aiiportionrnm'nt hill will prno
sill-. 'Thlerei is apparently no w:nV with
t1i' jiri-siunt ariuruinodatlonis to seat '2
aillit ionai niwmbiirs. and it Is lrirobahle
that there will he- soite radical changie
In the- hall of the house.
'TIhe r apportion mient question, which
cotuis to the front as a result of the In
crn:,'aei poipulation as shown by the
twel fth cInisit. is likely to precipitate
a pretty li ilv tight in which the party
lini's will Ii,- slhariply drawn The fories
of the minority will he ,uarshaled bi
('ongressmnan James I). Richardson, the
I lemooratic leader of the house.
Since the last session of congress Mr.
Richardson has, by the way, been the
recipient of a new hoiror, one of which
even his most pronounced political op
ponents freely recognize that he is en
tirely worthy. lie Is now one. of the
most exalted Masons In point of rank
in the United States, being the sover
eign grand commander of the southern
jurisdiction, Ancient and Accepted
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, to which
position he succeeds through the death
of the late Grand Commander Thomas
Ilubbard Caswell, who died In Califor
nIa a few weeks ago. The officers of
the Scottish Rite, unlike all others In
Masonry, bold their rank and stations
for life, and Mr. Richardson, who was
lieutenant grand commander, becomes
In the order of succession the grand
commander.
In executive, diplomatic and even
congressional circles there is just now
not a little of speculation and comment
as to what will he the outcome of the
tangle in the revant. n hita is brought
into prominence by Turkey's rejectldn
of a request for an exequattr for an
American consul at Karput and the
dispatch of the battleship Kentucky to
Smyrun. The refunal to grant an ex
equatur Is regarded by the United
States legation at Constantinople as a
violation of treaty rights. Consequent
ly t)r Thomas HI. Norton, who was ap
pointed some time ago by President
McKinley to establish a consulate at
Karput. has been directed to proceed
to his post. He has been in Constanti
nople some time awaiting the issuance
of his exequatur. The daim of the
United States in bit case Ta based upon
a clause in the Turco-American treaty
of 1830 which reads, "The United
States may appoint their citizens to be
consuls and vice consuls at the com
mercial places in the dominions of the
sublime porte where it shall be found
neet ful to superintend the affairs of
commerce." The sultan clalms--nd it
is difficult to prove the contrary-that
there is no commerce at the place in
question, the same objection made to
the establishment of a consulate at
Eraerum. Furthermore, he claims that
his final permisaion in the case of Erze
rum was obtained under an implied un
derstanding that the United States gov
PhIto uy Bellsmith, CIncinnati
DR. THOMAS I. NORTON.
errmnnt would ahamloin its claim to a
consulate at the other plhoae. While it
is nidimitted at Wash inton that there
may have heen foundation for this un
d(rstandiog. it is said that the British
goi eritnent has since established a
C t sulate where one is now refuiod to
us. and under the favored nation clause
of the Turco-American treaty our gov
erinent claims the sonie privileges as
those aceorded to` i'.eat Britain. The
visit of the battleship Kentucky to
Smayrna may relate to thhspiatter as
wi ll as to the larger one of missionary
Indemnity. At all events the unfolding
of the Turkish complications will be
watched with kii'nest Interest here.
SAMunl. Buam.&BD
CIVIC FEDERATION.
MEETING OF NATIONAL ORGANIZA
TION AT CHICAGO.
oaestions of Labor and Capital ti
Ite' eIie ]Inche (onmiiderntioni-tar
roll I). 14 right and John Mitchlell
to lie Prevent.
I' cini Correspen,. ce ]
f.r-N' 1, .lie. IL IaIt fall at t'1
trust conference Klhd under the nius
pices of the Civic Ideiration of Chi.
cnan, the IIue1stioni of fo siga nattuonal
O N i i I iter ti cn al-o U t i gamie lin's ai
th"' 1'i atl 1"i} uitec r
it ii ii is discitis d. In .I00e of
ti, ytar it liscussin I lore fruit. liid
the Notittil Civic Fe lelration was
gunize- in a few lays the fedierati n
w ill m11eet her.'. 1111 tht' opl' dis1'ussion1
of wine of the plublems that are vex
ini lii Ititil states may point the
Wait' to their solution.
The fil iration is unpartisan and
very n il in its scope. It is inteniilei'
by its fotnthrs that nothi g that has a
harinl. di rict or indiret. on the wu-1
fare of our country shall he nezlect'il.
The prIi to tus of the organization. is
guted Itst Junt , states its o ijelits to li
"to provide for study and liscussioi of
quest ins of national import alfecting
qithet t!ie forIlen or Iotiestlc policy of
*ie Initeii States, to aid in the ceystal
lizalion of the most enlightened public
Sntiitimet of the country in respect
thereto an i when desirable to promnite
necessary legislation in accordance
therewith."
It will raidily be seen that the inten
tions of the federation if carried into
eff'et can hot make for the betterment
of the 0 onrtry. Its parent organiza
tion, the ( vic Feder: ion of ('hiiago,
which has been in existence about six
yoars, tins done much for local im
provement. stnce it is composed of the
best citizens of the city. It is proposed
to iaia of its prototype, the national
organization, the sati power for good
in national affairs that the local feder
ation has been in Chicago affairs.
The need of such an organization is
set forth by Franklin H. Head, the
chairman of the committee on organi
zation, who cites the fact that the man
ufacturers, the agriculturists, the great
labor bodies, the financiers, the econo
mists and other classes have their an
nual meetings devoted to their special
questions. The object of the National
Civic Federation in addition to creating
departments to study national prob
lems is to provide a national forum by
means of which representatives of all
these great divisions of society may
come together and discuss the prob
lems in which all have an interest.
The advisory council of the National
Federation now has a membership of
from. Tatint photograph.
JOHN MIrCEhIL
about 500 in all parts of the United
States and representatives in our new
ly acquired dependencies. The aims of
the federation are warmly indorsed by
many eminent economists and students
of social science and the conditions of
American life. Amon$ those who have
commended it are the late Charles
Dudley Warner, president of the Amer
ican Social Science association, and J.
W. Jenks, the politieal economist of
Cornell university. Professor Jenks
has expressed the opinion that the car
rying out of the ai 'is of this associa
tion would be of untold benefit to the
voters throughout the country.
At the couting meeting of the federa
tion many questions of grave import
connected with the internal and for
eign policy of the United States and
others concerning sulk) ts of social
and economic importuane will be dis
cussed. Many of the most pron itient
of American students and investigatorsi
of these subjects will be heard. and it
will be strange if satisfactory solutions
of sonic at least of the Irobletos con
fronting our people are not rea:hed in
this and succeeding conferences. (ine
of the questions uppiernoost in the
nminls of Chi'ago p((oi1 ain] f gra":
import to the other sa tlou of the
country is the snccessful arbitration of
strikes. Chiago has sufler 1 111 u1h
through the great strike in the buihlii c
tr:al-'. Many of the Ih-r I nowln lair
liain rs of ti'* I "1i i St:" v'll 1
here during the ii ctiny Ainrn iih~ ii
wiio have accepted invitatirns to par
ticipate are Carroll Ii. Wright. 1tie
Izi-ted State commissi ner of later;
John Mitchell, who coniduted thn re
oe(nt strike of the toal iinern ani v he
will doubtless relate his exl,.riences
during that struggle, and Samuel (;om
pers, the well known lab-r l' IIIr. It its
cell for the coiiing meeting the fedra
tion says that strikes and loknots are
p rhaps a greater waste of horoan on
ergy and responsible for a greater loss
of wealth to society as a whole than
any other obstructive factor :onnected
with modern industrialism.
RlEzaY W. MILLER.
ACRE AND ITS RUBBER
VALUABLE PRODUCT OF THE PRO
SPECTIVE REPUBLIC.
Strong I IRort.( 1eint: 11ade t'r ICtab
Iirl, it i i e rn en In..di'epondli'nt ut
Io!3vin-!lo Irntil I.et' Millions
lra Txes..
(.R, ,t~ i rr m n. nc ]
t.1 [¾\'. ,l'. 1. ýNv. _2 T'he ni
1 ,t:. of tin wa'rbl mayl; .,'"bl ao
nei ".% blc r in eor e to its
pi," in Lhi rail. of ti' existig dt im.
o,':,t' `: " iivrn :,t., \ r.'c e :1 .l'(tret
of teirtit rv i it :0ii0 ies s']lire in
the uppier ,art of P its la naar the Bra
zilian 1ounchery lin. k ttheI site of the
Pe ti "r tive l i I nlioi i'i. I '" l ilty has
umany fe chir's \\ hwh ,an h, t urnr( to
thoe ailtIt i tiii of tiin m' ,tt 1;:i s of
mat reiilg It tintr .o:Xiile pros iti r-l Ine
pei pl,' , topl , they a ntia st i, rI hi' of
ti In Ihi is ,iefieit"l i n ir wilf the
elost yt acre Ineing the esoablishmeognt
of 'oiII p nlu f~orml of eenet
Thi Iorlivian otli sialw. t rouipe that thle
elltilr" distrbi t knownr\ :it A'"I' ."- w ithinl
n the oularit's of thirir atit, haii sent
a Iii'lp If ilisnt of trfopnt to uthripri.,
A( r~'s metropolis, to '11111 ll n i ttemt-lll
at r'ihllion. but igtiin 's suttporte'rs in
tend rissioting in no veinry i'Xtef manner,
r elizling th t if they ari to tie t` ini in1`
pe'nal'et people they must strike whit'
the iro is hot. Shouil the ontest r"
sfit In la olivia's defIat no tint. will be
lost by Aorre in so(king general recogni
tion.
Hen'ry W. Phillips, a prop,'rty holder
In the Iispiit- i ti'rritory" hay alr,"ady
bpr tier tnt to Iiro u niitiod tant is to Ih
tain h(,11 if possible from the author'
ties nt W'ashington, hint the tsurecMs of
his mission is not very extenmtnitly b;n
ieved in by those n nin to be it in posti
tion to know.
Acre tins undoubtedly a great futture
ft', m a t'ontner('i:l standpoint. nod the
pr,.p(r and thorough ,pldoltation of ita
aotsiblities vvill help materially :n
gaining the confidence which it is striv
ing to get. One commodity which Is
YTTCAL ACRE R1 BBKR HUNTER.
obtainable In quantities sufficient to
guarantee the future success of the
whole region is rubber. Most of the
9.000 inhabitants of Acre are connected
In some way' with the traffic in the use
ful ;;' \:2!uabiLC gum. The rubber has
to ho taln to the coast for shigment
through IBrazil. In doing this the Am
azon river, that great artery circulat
ing and pulsating throngh the heart of
the vast tropical wilderness, serves as
an outlet. The boats In leaving Acre
follow the Aquiry river to its junction
with the Purus and thence eastward to
the point of the latter's confluence with
the main current of the Amazon. The
total distance is about 2,000 miles.
Brazil requires the payment of a duty
on all the rubber that is taken through
its territory. The impost is levied and
collected at Para. Last year the ship
ments ran from 3,000 to 4,000 tons. The
rubber, being worth from 98 cents to $1
a pound, would run its value up to
about $'-.0000 a ton. Four thousand
tons at $2,000 each would equal $8,000,
000 as the value of the annual product
of the Acre country. On this Brazil
has been collecting an export duty at
Para of from 21 to 22 per cent, thereby
deriving a revenue approximated at
$1.750.000 annually. Brazilian capital
lsts are the principal investors in Acre,
and it Is likely that that country will
always wicld considerable influence In
its development.
Rubber bmuit~ig Is a varied and Inter
esting pursuit. but it is also accompa
nied with more or less of risk. The
best localities for the finding of the StI
phonia elastila, or Brazilian rubber
tree, are isolated and thronged with all
sorts of r'ptiles and wild animals.
Herenaouts .the rubber hunters area
called "stringuerios." which name cor
responds to the ('entral Amieriean terns
oltlaroes." They usually g, out in
snil liarties, .ash having chlosn one
of thilr numbher for captain. As soon
as 11e rubiler swamis -ire reached they
select a Suitable spot for a ist of op
erati .nls :lnd proeeed to remisrtrut it
rnh 1 masli). ii',hih SrI\, a- : Ineral
renlezlvm u. '1 ten thv w ;i7Id tr iT
singly an'i in (imulmles lokiný ,or the'
rubber tree. until nILlitall, ~hen they
return to hindqluarterl.
Tile hunts r ats he goi s his daily
I' l is la oem s :t n in'' ~f fi ii b ults
Irli nili the trunk of a i trie, 1 himli he
ha. p~revio~usly marke l .1: hi- ", mit sly+
(-al hiheirty lpro ti ant 't1et. little
clay Il'ps to colt h the alua1l gl That
ii 'V5 tm II ti' I:ili . 1y. T m - 1 at
thi ;statg, remr itlew rich .Jr'." or,"ni
more than anything else tii t I rail
compare it with.
T'I ml ijilky V hu, or (anotinhuie, as
the nativ es call it. Was first raindepse"
oaf by tie Indians of ('msta ItiWa and by
thi m nu talo kno wn to their emul~nerors.
The Spanlards In Mexico had t red
as early as 1513 to make it Alt, iaioes
and also to use it for waxing their
cloaks in order torender them water
REoof. z DaoUQ .