MONEY TO LOAN. IF 'IOU NEED MONEY
And can not call, plihone X61, two rin&
Al A\munt-n . P:r a Colateiral. and we will call on you pcrsonallv- All
atc - . Dian,.., G.un-. EItc. t transacti" c, nfiMll ntýi al.
l\atc1 ':<W in L-Pe L, idSIKI. IU' Shrtvcvr Pledwnkcr
Bag in , Pledg% 419 '1('x sStreel, OpI.osite 1.'s sloli'.
TlE C ACASIAN
OFFCIAL 0?3 AN
OF THE
PARISH OF CADDO
ROOSEVELT, F'V PRESIDEN "'
Theodore R osevelt is being
bhm-l" br presi hi! by his
,triends in the wild and w )oley west
Opposition is being urged against
" 'oose" because he is said to bi emo
tioual, full ot swagger and bravado,
a man of horse pistols and sofortb,
all of which is conceded, but the
"Rough Rider" is a better man
than Platt and other Republican
luminaries who are striving to put
him In political eclipse. Indeed, in
the Caucasian's opinion, Roosevelt
would be a formidable candidate, one
ot the strongest whica ,ould be
pitted against the Democratic nom
inuee, wooever he may be, in 1904.
Roosevelt's style appeals to the peo
ple in the West and North who are
influenced, more or less, by bravado.
At any rate, this much may be said
to the everlasting credit of Roose
velt. As assistant secretary in the
navy department, he was alert,
prompt and faithful in the discharge
of his duties. He was at the front
during the American-Spauish war
while Platt, Hanna and others were
safe at home adding to their millions.
If the L nited States were an unfor
tunate as to have another president
9t the Republican stripe to succeed
Mr McKinley, we would feel sater
under the rule of Roosevelt than
Piats or Hlanna or men of their
,calhbre.
Even a cold shoulder would have
its charms.-tioustou Post.
And be declared delicilously appe
tising at luncheon.
The Houston Post says. The coun
try papers are now publishing pic.
lures of Maclay; but he deserves it.
CITY PRINTING
The Counell Surprised by the
Bids bubmitted
At the ession of tae Council heid Thure.
day anight, among the varilous olde sub.
snited, were:
'er the oity printing."
"ifFr printing the oity ordinanoes."
The Wdders for 'the city n.1nttsg" are
the Times, the Journal and the Cauoasian,
aeah bid belg for "legal I atl "
The bidde a for the prtiung of the oy
ordinssoes are:
Oglvie- Harper Printing Co.
The .eesgog drinotng Co.
The G.G Williams Prltting Co.
-Carney RItls.
Thi CaOdoeasan.
hiot bid belag alike, viz: .
1(!) books ot ordinanoee at $3.10 per
page.
F r additional eoples.$1.50 per page.
ror matter printed and left standing and
then not used, 9) cents a page.
heq*t .ter printed is to lay over for two
rWAeks to be inspected by the Council
and approved before it can be paged and
pinted.
The unltorlmty of the bids was surpris
tag to the Counoil, who had antioipated
she lively competition which has charao
herized In the past the publishers and
rlinters whea in contest for public print
In explaaution it may be said that no
seasible man should work at a loss, and a
Jeg.imte preolt should be the result of
good werk.
As regards the uniformity of the price
for theesedinaoee, it may be said this was
resehd on M ltelligent basits of the cost
of the wert whiclh I expected by the city
and theloegitimate proet which should be
realised by the publishers.
ides the agreement on the igu ree
submltted there Is no eolusiea whatever,
ed eak bidder most depend en his friends
tin the Ceuell, who may same one of the
bidders or reet all the bids.
The bdA for "the city priating" whieh
eemprlss the oselal publcation of .the
4)uaedi and erdlaeses eot te city, wee tor
Slega rates,? lsd by.law, beela t $100 ai
lash pngasna). or let leilntie and as
eeateaa A.nh toe C46ta s Ieaietemns
One ei Int lsstoa ea of omt
.preewhse tilh ,s s)sd sl ps es-et
the e algggak f 6> h
teaties, w***w8***
e beelid e pmtehed at leaut three times
Suhls the te dys for legalisaties.
4 .t t ' .11)i or the city ri ntoID bp)Uig
. . (~rcil mnut dechie who sh!l
,, t printer and toe tubtll hler or
r ewsuier so ui'sigorted shall bi'iome the
(-r, prilter and receive th ' "legal rates"
Sil.t, o.nensation for the work which is
: i t \ xeQcuted-and this Is all there It
cf it.
'I t I ublishers and printers have tired
o, w -.nr g gratiously.
"'IT!e l.Jurnal has beeu fillino a contract
Icr tl:e city printing at a rate which would
,,al, ii.z, a mi:liona.re. And the Joiraal
set utu this coutract in competition with
o;bterg a hi proposed to get a prt fi', but at
tie time the Journal was ove:wnelumd
w:th art:iotltm or something else.
Several years ago the Caucasirn secured
the I.riiting tor *100), but of late years
t i, (!s have ranged down to one cent
During a numberol years this contention
or rivairy existed in co nection with the
parish printlnu. but when the contract
was let for toe paran prlnting recently
there was the same old spilit of contention
in evid-nce-i-olng the printing for litt o
or nothing. Each publisher believing be
would receive a majirlty of the Police
Jury for his bid, it was then proposed anil
agreed to that the three publishers-the
Times, the Journal and the Caucasian
should submit their bids at "legal rates"
L, the Polcle Jury, whose decision would
be satislactory to the others not elected.
Of the three, only one could be Chosen
and the Caucasian having received the
majority of toe votes of the Jury was
declared to be and is the official organ of
the parish.
The position of the publishers of news
papers and the Council is the same. Only
one of the three can. be cbose n and th
Council will no doutt decide.
So far as the Caucasian is concerned it
will not engage in a "out thro n" or
'sainnlng competition." If it cannot ob
tain a "living," "legitimate rates," It wil
leave the field to others who can subsist
on zephers and sunbeams.
This much has been said for the lufor.
mation of the public, and as an explanatio2
of the Pestlion of the publishers whose
bids have been submitted to the City
Council.
Consider for a moment the gratuitous
work of the publishers for the city and
the weltare of the dear, good people and I
then decide if toe laborer is not worthy of
his hire ?
Why should any publisher or any self
respectieg working man engage to execute
any job or any kind of work for less than
the scale or 'legal rates?"
While we do not claim
to cover the earth not
the fulness thereof, the
advertisers In the Cau
caslan generally derive
benefits from their in
vest mentc. The Caucas
Ian readers are not lim
Ited to the city but ex
tends over the Kreat ter
ritory whose marKet is
Shreveport.
It t FPnis hed
The greatCioudoroit Lodge has been
otmpleted, f. really opened and is sow in
"~Il away. It is a splendid hostelry.
iSlendidly furnished and doernar incom
arable cuisine, under the management of
"r J W Fisber, proprietor of the tamous
iotel Sheldon, of El Paso, Tex.
You want an enjoyable summer? You
want to get away from the oppresalveneso
sthe airy and the low altltudes? te go to
ilouCkroft. A. M. U)I tee eeviy.lou C.
he summit of the loftlest peak of the Sac
'emento mountains 110 miles northeast tf
El Paso, Wonderful scenery, tennis court
bod go i links and danoing pavirtlion. In
act everytbhia desired or expected in so
ip to date, heoalthful summer resort.
Clouicrott s known as the "breathing
spot of the Southwest."
There is but one way to go comfortable
Ind quloaly. But one way to avoid more
lan one change of cars; but one way to
iajoy reclining chair cars, easts tree, and
leepine cars all the way thrc igh daily to
Il Paso. That way is via the Texas &
aolic railway.
More inlormation by letter, or aesorip
lve literature may be bad of any tictot
gent or M. P. 'TU NER.
.For ea: L. r h:.
i l t' ii t c: Ou.'t: ' l t. " at t it+ I t wl
al:tk c"v ual tl'::ntit: s' of milk ::nI \
er-. Stir tht In ,iti:id gradilta!v a
'lhe ltslte, sta!n ito a an1 i llep :i :.
:ring to th!e lho;llug point, then set as:.i
0o cool. f'our into a bottle and set ilo
to the ice for several hours before se(t
ing. if desired frapped. aput it in a ca:
snd surround with pounded ice an
salt. stirring occasionally until it is a:
thick as mush. Serve in small cup:
with or without a little whipped crear,
AN ORDINANCE.
An ordinance submitting proposition to
incur debt and issueo negotiable
bonds therefor to build a jail for
Caddo Parish, La.
Be it ordained by the police jury of
Cada'o narish in legal assembly con
vened, that the following proposition
be submitted to the property taxnavers'
of the parish of Caddo, duly qualified
to vote acording to law, to-wit:
That the parish of Caddo, through
its police jury, be authorized and em
powered to incur a debt of sixty thous
and dollars ($6o.ooo) for the purpose
of building a jail. and to issue bonds
of the said parish to the extent of $6o,
oo for said purposec running for a pe
of ,thirty (3o) years, to he dated
I. I901, with intere.st payable semi
annr llv at the rate of 4 per cent per1
annum i4 tih City of New York, and
I :ti, . 1' I d 1
iit r"' 1:
I" 1.fl
h:ii h :ýr p t i r. :I ntl '.f nl j tIi t
II: V!:l l: an t: l'l rr^ ,..,1 1..
1i herr' r.
Ant 1. A. 1), iio¶ at which the
t e 1 " v:ll t¶.I;tlt \v'ti"r~ f -h' tatr
i-hio ifý,t tl : nd lie pt-i'>( .+t f tie
I lire itre '- ii-tr''cett " ' eve c ,' , t
tee ,f th a t~ril, jiB n andti i ~r Bi
m the II iilli i! f ti-a etri-li t, 'r
martr' th'' ic, frill. Ther ti.,.
I P IKE T i I. Prc-itietit.
. I. I 1 I NCGi.R Clerk..
TI F 21
AN ORI)IN.\NCEi
Be it orldained 1h the police jury of
Caddo parish, in legal aenmbh,- con
vened, that an election shall be held
without expense to the parilh of Ca 1
do. in Hard 8 of said parish, in that
portion of said ward located in the hill
west of Bayou Pierre, on Augnst 24.
Io0I. for the ptlpose of testlng th
ense of the people of said ward upon
the question of adopting lawful fence
constructed with posts 16 feet apart.
with a stay Ix4 securely fastened be
tween each post. and with four harbed
wire, first wire 13 inches above
ground, second it inches above the
first: third 12 inches above the second:
and fourth 12 inches above the third.
Be it further ordained, that said poll
ing pliace for said election in said ward
he fixed at Sand Beach, with Sam Pitt
man, Ben Crowder. C. N. Wilcox,
commissioners: Lee Tucker. clerk.
Be it further ordained, that the poll
ing place be kept open from the hour
of 8 in the forenoon until the hour of
6 in the afternoon of said day and that
said election hall be completed on said
day.
Be it further ordained. that none but
real estate owners, resident and non
recidert. shall be permitted to vote at
said election: and that all non-resident
real estate owners shall be permitted
to vote by prox" if not personally pres
ent. prov-ided the signature of any non
resident real estate owner has been
sworn to before some competent offi
cer.
P. P. KEITH. President.
A. L. DURINGER, Clerk..
July 21.
F - - ______________________________
PARISH BUDGET OF EXPENSES
FOR 1go0.
RESOURCES.
Ten-mill tax ... ........$76.000 oo
Licenes ......... . .... ... 0.50 co
Total .......... .........$86.ee oo
EXPENDITURES.
Public schools ...........$24.ooo oe
Parish official salaries....... 4.o oo00
District attorney fees ....... 2.250 00
Assessor ........ ... ...... 3.500 oo
Sheriff's salary ...... ...... 1.5oo 00
Justice peace and constable.. i.ooo oo
Maintaining prisoners in Ja:t 5,ooo oo
Conv'ng convicts and insane 1,200 oo00
Criminal expenses-services
outside of parish ......... I,ooo oo
Sheriff for court attendance. goo 00
Juror and witness fees ...... 5.000 oo
Repairs and expense on pub
lic buildings ........ .... 2.000 c3
Ferries ......... .......... 2.000 00
Bridge and road supplies.... 3.0oo o0
Int. and sinking fund....... 5,000 oo
Paurers and orphamnge.....
Hllelth and sanitatina ...... oo
Klection . ............. o e
Clerk dist. court, stationery. 60s oo
Clerk dist. court, indexes... 500 oo
Street pav:ng .............. 2,000 00
Public roads ..... ......... 7.500 oo
Incidentals .... .... ....... o10.230 00
Fotal .......... ........$86 00oo
i'. P. KEITH. President.
A. L. DURINGER, Clerk.
July 21.
AN ORDINANCE
Declaring prohibition of sale 4f spirit
ous and intoxicating liquors in
ward I of the parish of Caddo,
State of Louisiana:
Whereas, at an election held in Ward
I of the parish of Caddo. under direc
tion of the police jury on June 21, 1901,
to take the sense of the legal voters of
said ward as to sale or nrohibition of
sale of spiritous and intoxicating li
quors in said ward. to6 votes were cast
against the sale of spiritous liquors and
78 votes were cast for the sale of spir
itous and intoxicating liquors i: said
ward as shown by returns of said e!ec
t;on duly canvassed by the police jury
of C.udo parish, therefore.
Be it ordained by the police jury of
Caddo parish, in legal assembly con
vened, that from and after Ist day of,
Jantuary. 1902. all sales of spiritous and
intoxicating liquors in ward r of the
parish of Caddo, State of Louisiana, be
and the same are hereby prohibited un
icr the penalty of law.
P. P. KEITH. President.
A. L. DURINGER, Clerk..
July 21.
8on, 5uapeerct Arrestod.
Chicago, Aug. !. -Detectives hunting
for the men who held up the Baltimore
and Ohio limitel 3, miles from Chicago,
arrested three inmn in the woods east of
Miller's Station, Ind. They were hov
ering around a bonfire whoe seen. They
gave their names as E tward McCoy,I
John Becker and Albert Israelson, and
all declared that they wr.a sailors. At
Albion, Ind., four other men were taken
in charge by officers as suspecta, The
holdup occurred betweena iller's Sta.
Aeu and Edgeinoor, Ind., and the coun
try for miles around is scoured by squads
.VIPING OUT A 1PET.,
FAMOUS JERSEY SKEETER" MAY BE
DOOMED TO LXTINCTION.
Citizens of the Sinte Begin War
"With the Oil ( in on the eno:nous
Insect. and S t iflnetory Ilesults
Have Already) Iieen Obtained.
['H ··,,(,: m :r, l,.ij , iwn- . ]
TnFNTN. N... July :. . . -With the
fnil m ili ellent t :It t e I. re
s 'nsible t t'ollt r ln l" of the ills that hI -
Set u i I.ukind t, ,tallly d lmi ia:tl i:n, it is
pleais Ing to larn that at I nl y polinit
in this state in eftort is bI itin : uitale to
got rid of a pst t. t t haI s loti ., anlld of
ten unjutstly, made New Jersey a by
woil amotll gt other states of the Union.
It i. coniteled by susle that th ht tte evil
caIn never he totally eradlicated, but
there is no doubt that a widespread
attempt to wipe it out will be followed
by marked and iiost satisfactory re
stilts.
Besides TrenIton, where the state au
thorities are now making soine very
Interesting experiments, other New
Jersey towns, notably South Orange,
are trying the use of crude petroletul
oil as an offenisive weapon against the
mosquito. The municipal authorities
of these difftTerent towns are greatly
encouraged ini their work by a most
;ratifying report from IIartford, Conn.
There, nlnder the supeorvision of the
board of health, the low, marshy areas
which border on the Connecticut river
)n the east side of tile city have been
liberally sprinkled with oil, the result
being that the city has had compara
tive freedom from mosquitoes this sum
mer.
In fact, in almost every case where
petroleum has been employed an Im
mediate scarcity of mosquitoes has fol
lowed. The method most generally fol
lowed with success is an extremely
simple one. It consists in throwing
large quantitites of crude petroleum on
Dhe surface of stagnant pools and other
sheets of water where the insects
breed. An oily film forms on the sur
face, destroying all mosquito larvae In
process of development. As a rule
these pools of water are some little dis
tance from habitations. so the danger
of annoyance from the oil is generally
at a minimum.
The old method of fighting the mos
quito In New Jersey and one which has
already proved successful has the ob
jection of requiring a heavy expendi
ture. There are twc things to be done
under this plan. One is to fill In or
drain every nearby swamp or pond
and to reduce the whole place to a
hard and smooth surface, absolutely
bare of all vegetable growth that
would give the mosquitoes a house of
refuge.
That the nmoscuito is not a traveler
has been proved by the experience of
numerous places atont the coast, such
as Atlantic City. Oeean City. Spring
Lake. Ashury Park., Elberon. Long I
,ranch. Ocean c;rov,-. Seabright and
Monmouth Beach. TheIse are all with
In a short distance of places where the
N.O.,.t1 r. 5.004)11t 0T u " l ose w W-A -K ee
t -i L. .tt t', riirW:,
insocts bretl v Ith- million., but art
rei- I(rui the lst I'ul.'r tl- belieh'
Ilult if the i n1l1 c onttliiith.i s i shuultI Itl
r[ Ib l ith I t ", t (he t-):.at 1 y vhI' heI
ow lt:y h!:atI! -ii,!nar rtesii.s wtVtIe
')ilh tht\ .: I.!ý of do l:,r ht' vbe bIi ":
neat "It IL'ay*11° II. Ian:'. .l;)ii. u:: ,.
"hae hbl, P .rk in tilline in a:,+l ht 'eli l
lo). rIt-farts. 0,111 the rl' ullt. hate becl,
Host gra;li; yVi:l.
Onl thi .Je:S-ey ninttii .v-s dt'!r:tirna -
vwould I:tI' I to be ctiujIpledl with the p
trole'umn thtl ,i. n:ii4 Itf are:ta to ltt
c'overdtl i. s,n I:r;:. ti;,t .talte aid
would have to Ib invoked. lImleeld,
there is serii::s t::lk of Ibe'ginllinug a
mllOVemPDt in the h is!?:llure nlext win
ter look.ng to a war of 'xtermination
againist tl: \te('a:luOtS! ImhisIlIuitO. TheI
l)pllhiinenlts of harimare ý tllld bIe the
ditching spade, the grad:ng sco.l)op and
the oil can and the chief item of am
Indtnition thie tea:tidly petroleum.
The ease of South Orange may be
aptly cited as illustrating the efficiency
of the oil can as used in this state. At
Soulth Orange the Village Imnprovement
society has officially dec!lar'ed war on
the pest. A fund ihas been raised, and
all the stagnant pools around the vil
lage have lIten sprayed with kerosene
at intervals of three weeks. The quan
tity of oil requirred was surprisingly
smnall. In addition to this a number of
low and marshy places have been
drained. Hearty co-operation was se
cured on all sidts, andt as a conse
quence, while the pest has not been en
tirely destroyed, it has been wonder
fully abated even dt'ring the wet sea
son.
What South Orange is doing other
towns are beginning to do, and a gen
eral movement is pretty sure to not
only rid New Jersey of a baneful pest,
but of an 11 name among its neighbors.
The breeding place of the mosquito is
the thing to get at,.and, the home of
the Insect once destroyed, good results
must follow in due time.
.. I_-. .. . Iy . A. Batca.
FIN Do SI[f. StMef.
AlE YOU GOING
ii
I .
," ..ORTH, EAST SOUTH WEST
S NORTH, IF SO, TA SOUTHE
Kansas City, Southern Ry.
DirectRoute to all Foists.
Solid Vestibule Trains.
F'ree chair cars aind and Pulman u Bufld SIPeping '.ars.
CIoa- couuection at L ike Charl.se, Beaum;nt, I'exsrkans, P,)teau
at.d Kansas City with all roads. For full particulars r, gardiug
ra'es etc, aopl) to
G E SWINDELI, S.G. WVAiNER
tCP & T Al F & S RI, Gen Pas Agt
Texarkana. Texas K;Lnsas City,
A B AVE t Y. 'L'cket,Agent Shreveport..La
Have You Any Shoes
To be half soled or repaired bring or send them
to me and you wvill save 25 per cent on the dollar.
Men's half soles sewed, $1; nailed 75 cents; boys
half soles 50 cents; ladies, 50 cents; little misses,
40 cents. I use only the best oak sole leather
Fine Boots a:d Shoes IMade to Order
L. TONNIES, 812 Texas Avenue,
A DAINTY DISH.
A Goee Fruit Accompaniment For a
Midday Lunch.
For the midday lunch on a hot day
this dish is a 'dainty accompaniment.
Pick one-half box berries carefully over
and press through a sieve and add to
KED RASPBERRY TRIFLE.
the pulp one cup of sugar, juice of one
half lemon and cook until very thick.
Remove from the fire and add by
spoonlfuls to the whites of four eggs
beaten stiff and dry, beating slowly all
tie &ine the ahry Is beilng addled.
t.{ss e irte a* tut4tered' mold and
'91psW" &4erate qven tuttil when
withl the tinger it dbes not ad
here. Let it become cold, unmold In a
pretty glass dish and surround with
ihe remainder of the fruit.
PlaLn cream Is best to serve with this,
but It is equally excellent without.
The success of this delicate article is
cooking the fruit thoroughly and hav
ing the eggs beaten to the right con
sistency. A good test for the latter is
when the beaten white can be heaped
into a pointed mound witihout losing
shape and forming on the apex what
the bakers call a "dog ear."-House
hold.
Fashion Echoes.
Linen and batiste were never more
popular in summer dress.
The smart pocket handkerchief has a
touch of color in one corner.
The raglan made of thinnest alpaca
or cheviot is a useful addition to the
summer wardrobe.
Hats showing wide brims are unusu
ally popular for Aummer wear. This
style of hat is trimmed very low save
at the left side.
The new hat known as the "shirt
waist hat" Is merely a low crowned
sailor of either rough or smooth straw
trimmed with a handkerchief drapery
of Persian silk or satin.
Soft silks In pale colors make some
of the most attractive gowns for sum
mer afternoon wear. A pretty model In
pale green shows wide bands of white
lace Insertion striping the skirt in ver
tical lines.
Mitts gain little favor usually in
spite of the fact that they are part of
the elbow sleeve fashion so modish just
now.
Low cut calfskin slippers tied with
broad black ribbon are the swagger
thing for wear with white pique and
duck mornln_ dres.s.
-- --- - -
HOUSE DECORATION. .
Iuggestlve Notes on Interior Work,
Furniture and Pictures.
The dining room in a house near
New York has had the walls divided
into three portions by a chair rail,
about two and a half feet from the *
floor, and by a shelf, some two feet be
low the ceiling. The woodwork is all
finished in Ivory enamel. The upper
and lower portions of the wall have
been hung with forest green burlap,
against which a choice collection er@
quaint steins and other picturesque
pottery, artistically arranged upon the
shelf, stands out in hold relief. The
middle part of the wall has been hung
with dull red burlap, and upon this
part the owner has hung oil paintings
in broad, flat gilt frames, spacing at in
tervals to suit his fancy. The furnl
ture, of a rather quaint and picturesque
type, Is of a forest green oak, the
chairs being thinly upholstered in vel
vet. On one side of the room is a
great fireplace of rough red brick laid
in green mortar, running up to the
shelf molding under 'he frieze, which
breaks round the chimney breast to
form a mantel. On either side of the
fireplace opening are projected seats,
plain and simple in their fashioning.
that are heaped high with gay cush
ions and afford a .omfortable resting
place, says The Art Interchange, in
which occur the following, among oth
er, suggestive notes:
Curly mnapie is a delightful wood,
particularly when dull finished. Like
mahogany, it requires some expanse of
surface to show its grain satisfactorily
and appears to better advantage in
large pieces of furniture. This is true
of Iirdseye maple also. Both need but
little more than a smnoth. tinm heading
to relieve the eye. ('C!ictnut and ash
anld oak, on1 the 'ollt:IIrar, are mii(ionoto
nous in grain. To get variety the cab
inet maker has recourse to spindle
work, elaborately turned legs and met
al work. Cherry is a chea:p, much de
spised wood, but very pretty furniture P
can he found made from it netwith
standing.
When a person possesses a large
numlber of small pic'urcs, like pho
graphs or etchings, if they are the
same size or of sizes which (;n ho(
made to eombine it is better to frame
three or four of them togcthlcr, with a
single mat cut to the various sized
openings. When they are of different
sizes which do not arrange tiemscelves,
obviously it is better to f,,lhlw the rulie
of "make up" In lnagazinls ,f growing
toward the right- that is, Putti g the
larger and darker olis on the right
hand side of lhe framne. o as to pro
duce a sort of climax, as the eye n'tu
rally travels in tihat direction.
The frame slichld ie of the small,
round(o.alk incling. only large eni.otgh
to hold the glass. and the mats, three_
inches (ct.Sil(l I th: photographs anll two
betweer., should be a yellow olive or
cream.
Commercial Printing
At The Caucasian