AN ORPHAN ISLAND.
HOW SECRETARY ROOT'S DECISION
AFFECTS ISLE OF PINES.
A Beautiful Little Dot In the Carib
bean T:hose American Inhabitants
Protest Against Coming Under Cu
ban RIule.
[Spec!al Correspondence.]
Nueva Gero.a:K Isle of Pines. April 0.
-This island i: still in a state of politi
cal unrest, the d.(cision of Secretary
Root to the effect that Cuba, not the
United States, is its guardian having
only added fuel to the t!:nmes of disco:i
tent in the b.reasts of the 300 A mr·
cans who sought homes here in the he
lief that I nel.. Sa:n would assume co:
trot. T'here is :~_ h t:alk of app'alin_
to he Unlited States 'o:ngress, althoi:: 1
it is elieved that Seretary i:oot's r'i
ing has thle indorsement of I'residet.
Roosevelt.
The Isle of lines hi:is had a cnrica'.
history. For more than two centurl; I
I i
'
as the Carolinas and as far south
Brazil. Many are the tales tohl of the
here. Later the island became notori
ous as the locatiou of a Spanish penal
institution, a colony being established
in which the majority were political
offenders. When Spain yielded in the
recent war, she relinquished all con
trol of the island, and it has ever since
United States or Cuba will have alti
From a geonraphical standpoint the
sion to any country interested in South
American affairs. In te same longi
trde as Tampa, Fla., and in the same
latitude as Yucatan. Mexico. it is re
after ts a stratergic key Columbu the Carib-s
thbean sea andezs othe Yucpiratan channel,
whpreyed connects the Caribbean s far orwith
as the gul of Mexico. It is sitr suated about
Brazy miles sanouth ofare the talesteoldn of tend
of Cuba. Attentiorsn twho ts desrability
ashere. a naval base land been camevoke d anewotori
ans as the powers. of a Spanish pnnl
In which the maCarity were political
recent war, she relinqtished all cout
trol of the island, and it has ever since
SUnited States or Cuba will have lti-t
From a geoaasphecal standpoint the
latitude as tuctan. mu et icn it Ve re- fuel
beand d the Ycatan channel,
and the powers.
In size the island Is about as large a
the state of Rhode Island. This town i
its principal northern port and is locat
ed a short distance up the Rio de Cer
ro. There is a steamship service fron
here to Batabano, Cuba, the distance
from Nueva Gerona to Havana beinj
a total of only ninety miles. Neverthe
less under existing conditions it re
quires a day to complete the journey
the last thirty miles of which are b3
rail.
The Isle of Pines has a population o1
about 3,000. the majority of the island
era dwelling in the mountainous dis
tricts of the northern side. In fact. tho
southern side is practically uninhabit
able, as at high tide the sea inundatef
a chain of lagoons which stretches
across the southern section. The soi:
of the northern part is remarkably fer
tile, as the industrious Americans whc
have immigrated hither can testify
Isle of Pines potatoes are greatly do
sired by the people of Cuba and bring
in the Havana markets a higher price
than do the potatoes of the United
States. Tobacco grows luxuriantly, and
sugar cane is a staple product. Pine
apples, which grew wild In such abun
dance as to give the island its name,
are successfully cultivated for the
American market.
The woods of the island are also a
source of much profit to the invading
Americans. In the forests are found
woods as the cedar, oak, pino de
ocuja, sabrina, capeche, fustic, co
ebony, mahogany, walnut, celha.
non, majugua and the royal palm.
PoP centuries the natives, ignorant of
the high prices some of these wou!d
bring in a foreign market, have been
using them lavishly for ordinary struc
tural purposes, and thus it is that we
find beneath the whitewash of the old
Spanish prison here the rarest mahog
any and ebony. Another industry which
may soon be set on a solid basis Is
marble quarrying. for anarries are to
be found here containing delicate va
rieties of white, pink and green stone.
The flora and fauna of the island are
extensive, as might be expected from
the climatical conditions. Naturalists
assert that there are to be found here
100 species of birds, in the water fully
700 species of fish, as well as countless
forma of insect and amphibian life in
the southern everglades. After night
fall the lagoons glow with all manner
of strange phosphorescent lights. The
amost pietcresque of the bird family Is
oae which stalks about on lily pads and
boasts blue head feathers, a creamy
whta body, a scarlet breast, an orange
hS'~~~ral$- cl~sa~podgtiig
THE LITERARY FOLKS.
John Burroughs as a Government
Clerk-A Story About Pennell.
[Special Correspondence.]
Chicago. April 14.-When President
Roosevelt passed through this cety r,
cently. perhatps the most ,onspict:ou
member of his party and the one who:.
the people seemed most anxious to
after the c(hief executive was .li..
Burro,.,,s. For not only is the p',
ntu.rra l;t. essoyist an] interpr
thle soion.'. know-n to the liite-al:y
but to every lover of nature who r
at all.
It its ree:t nitd that .loh1!n 0 ',r :..:
has !not ;al\w; ' s ilveen '.s i c. f L
in high s:ath.u. is l l t 1 ,
ingtoo harl\-, ot r ]wt y .ul L.
guest at the \\-hi;e io!(,;s-.
Forty years ago, iol uirrlu';ls -
now sixty-six years of age. hie nwvnt o
Washington fromnt his home in la.:
ware county, N. Y.. to ac.. pt 1n:1 :n -
pointment in the t:' usury d 'par:n' ':
He has a -ood de.l to sy in his ea
books aboutt \V:W sin lon. Ic we :,
there, he sa.s, "duti ing t .r,::
age of the ca:lpital bh-utro. I:n- y ::' '
southern! ways llhad guu out anld 1
primi new noithiern i ways h: cl!ie in
and w.'hItw! the domitesti. :atiiltl:; -W 5':
tre'.ted with distihniutishted co .;i(ter.!
tion and given the freredonm of the city."
Hle leased an old ,i:ace with an r:.cro
of ground attached almost \ ithin the
shadow of the dome of the capitol, and
behind the high but :!ed ::: - i,;r-::
board fence, he soys, Ihe indulged in
rural and unclerical tastes. In t:.i
mixture of city and country .ie* s:;,ve
to throw off the incubus of his depart
mental work, whit-h never set easily
upon his shoulders. He spoke his heart
when he wrote:
"Ah, when that creaking and sagging
late closed upon me in the evening I
was happy, and when it opened for
my" egress in the morning I was not
sappy. Inside that gate were a minia
ture farm, redolent of homely, primi
tive life; a tumble down house, and
stable and implements of agriculture
mnd horticulture, broods of chickens,
prowing pumpkins and the thousand
mnd one antidotes to the weariness of
mrtificial life. Outside of it were the
narble and iron palaces, the paved
mnd blistering streets and the vacant
nahogany desk of a government clerk.
.n that ancient inclosure I took an
arth bath twice a day."
At a recent gathering of English and
Lmerican literary men in London that
rrepressible American, Mr. Joseph
'ennell, who has been so long abroad.
old an amusing story of how he once
ound himself stranded in the Spanish
own of Granada. He went promptly
o the British consulate and bluntly
old the consul's secretary of his
Traits.
That functionary blandly assured
:m he.l:ld listened to similar yarns
0 often that he was rather tired of
rem and that the consul would not
ssist. But the artist as blandly in- t
,rmed him that if there was anything
1!
aE HAD LISTENED TO SIMILAR YARNS.
in the proverb about blood being thick
er than water he was going to put it to
the test and ask the consul to get the
Bank of Granada to advance him 500
pesetas to enable him to return home
in comfort to London.
The, upshot of the matter was that
Mr. Pennell did see the consul, and the
latter advanced the money on his not.
of hand.
A friend of the artist was visiting
the consul some time later, and cue
evening his host mentioned that an ex
traordinary person had called upon
him and spun an extraordinary yarn.
and actually induced him to part with
500 pesetas.
"Well, there's only one man in th,,
world who has the nerve to do a thine
like that," said the visitor, "and hL
name is Pennell."
"That's the man!" said the consui.
The many readers who are famliaiir
with the work of Mr. C. Hanford Hen
derson, whose "Education and the Lar
ger Life" has given him an undisputed
place in the front ranks of present day
philosophers worthy of the name, will
be interested to know that Mr. Hen- I
derson is the author of a recently pub
lished volume of fiction which is being
received by the critics with words of I
high appreciation. "John Percyfield" is
the title of Mr. Henderson's latest <
book. It is not exactly a novel, but
rather a most interesting narrative in <
which love, philosophy, anecdote and I
incident are mingled with rare charm I
and delightful deftness. All of which c
was to be expected, for the reason that I
it is not often we And a philosopher c
who is kind enough to write fiction for E
ad here is one who does, -
THE MAYBRICK CASE.
Interest Revived In the Promns
ed Release of the Prisoner.
MANY EPFORTS OF SYMP.ATL72z
Review of the Trial In Which hi; -.
sands of Peo:;ie Believe an In: -
cent Womna n Was ti:e %ctiri4."
Gross 31iscarria;e of Justice.
i S!:: :i. l c( orr ..·- p.::.l. '_..·oo.
London, April 7.-'The .nouue.i l
that MIrs. i"loirenicea in;ybrick will
released from Ayles:umvr prison ..
Ithe order of iie iii~:lI home :o ;
tary in .July 19,0-1. has creatted s(:
less of a sensation tha: did the rcep,or =
of her coni'ic ion and s nten ce to d",. .
nearly tifteen e-(rs a;o,. Ihon I:.a,
public is iovd by vastly ;'t
emotions at tit;s time. Now t, :"
is 0one of well nigh universal jo .
satisfl.a:on. Then i' was one of .
spr':ul disapp:roval ,::n' pl'.,nw t a'!.
what, in the idlS A'f tmau:l, seeCi'i :
Smin (:i ' -ýýti' ,f j.uslti".
Mrs. Maybrik wa s. a:s the wor:'
knows, convicted of the murder of L;
I
M5s..BLOBBCN IATYRBICL
[At the time of her marriage.]
husband, James Maybrick, in Liver
pool in 1889. She was an Americ:n
and a most attractive young woma n.
facts which no doubt greatly enhance d
the interest in the case. Before lvr
marriage she was Florence Elizabeth
Chandler, being a daughter of William
G. Chandler, a wealthy and respectse.
banker of Mobile; Ala.. in which cit,
she was born in 1862. Through both
parents she was highly connected, an(d
the names of her kinsmen shine bright
ly on the roll of America's soldiers.
statesmen, jurists, preachers and au
thors. The first year of her life was
passed in her southern home, a large
white house with a magnificent gar
den of roses, surrounded by the rich
and varied vegetation of the south
The father died in 1863, during the
civil war, and the widow sought refuge
with her mother in New York.
The family subsequently came to En
rope. and Florence was educated i::
Germany. meanwhile her mother hay
ing married the Baron de Roque. Latel
she returned to the United States.
where in 1878 she met James May
brick. He was then forty and she only
sixteen, but a curious sort of liking al- 1
most to fascination sprang up between
them. Her family strongly opposed the
match owing, it is said, to the disparity
in their ages and to his dissipating balh
its, and it was not till after eighteen
months' delay that they gave a relue
tant consent. The marriage took placine
In London in July, 1881, and Mr. an!
Mrs. Maybrick shortly afterward pro
ceeded to America, where they lived
for some years. They returned to Eng
land to permanently reside in Grassen
dale, near Liverpool. Mr. Maybrick
carrying on his business in that city.
For a time their lives seemed to run
along smoothly and even happily. Then;
there arose disagreements, apparently
arising from the relations of a Mr. Brier
ley, though these relations were nev,,
shown to be of an improper characte:-.
The husband having alienated h:
wife's affections by his own infidelit3
a violent quarrel took place betwe-r
them in March, 1889, and Mr. Maybrit':
on that occasion beat her severec.
blackening her eye. She then cons:':;
ed a lawyer, deciding upon a separ8 E
lion. The two were finally reconcilt-e
through the efforts of the family ply Ii
sician. Mr. Maybrick's jealousy a::,, n
distrust, however, continued, and l:I h
made a will April 25, 1889. in whicL t1
this was manifest. He had been a .
chronic sufferer fr'-m dyspepsia, whi,, c
was aggravated by his dissipated life,. eF
His symptoms were particulitrly unfa d
vorable in 1888, at which time he w.:
living amicably with his wife. Many e
of his symptoms were such as aris: t
from habitual use of arsenic. Failiu,: ac
to get relief from his family physician d
In Liverpool. he went to London and a
consulted the physician of his brother. ti
Michael Maybrick. who afterward be. a
iame Mrs. Maybrick's most relentless ts
and vindictive enemy. Mr. Maybrick tc
habitually dosed himself with danger ii
us drugs, doubling the quantity pre- di
scribed and boasting of his knowledge al
ft medicine. After his death greal 8
numbers of medicine bottles were ii
ound in his house and office. l
In much of this medicine arsenic was
an ingredtient. it Lea been shown that
.. during his residence in Ameri,.a I:ror
to this time he had been a -comire:!,,
arsenic eater and w : well nc, ':;h:t
w ith its e fif .s n - n:. i -
r i- u s p h y -; ,'v in s -I a ,>: . . . -
M l a y b r ic i 1::,I l n ,t r, : _; .! ld p1 x : T e f r
The ar t nu usit', w. V ::d: "
chael Mayrirlck.
The r.esl > of thi. tri::l are w.:
known to hle _.' ~t tan 1ulic-a
before a jud. t i· :o; Cou d
of hlis in:ir-ity, . a: g a little late; in
a private ins.. i: and who I.:
an a V sion tov"Ion : it; , : -,l"ol :t rani \ i:. ,
ing to a tani a. I ris V . :a'-e, ,vili:
cui e:'d tw o of the ,; t r,: i:
[ztd by Sir ]Char,- ,llu!.<,! .:1l ;.( ii
'haif J.l sti'e l iusa alli. : '.
cone.l', as "pasidoaDir l i:" -!- _
Jury :o lilnt a verlit of . ui.
raglan liae \ io.tlt ,,::ans i 'ttr t
prlose-c:iol al : i-it 1 -. ' e.
Sl-hit-i the Vet't a11d senItienc'.
.made k ,"n t I h liro ;l. lt the c'ut':'.
it is no ex:; .'ratiCn to say th::lt
nIws - r, ti. i d with greater
islInlYt' th n :':t cauiisoe'tl by Van',
di( t of :t jury durnag the centur ';
was not rl t he orrin'ry :, i t
that vwas :i o aish' d, but the t:,:.
lengal int-l,-.ts . snt at the trial.
cl]adiag tlh' 'no il>s tith ('r vw'',
was fw s felt 1 : I at : :i -
curred, that t , ,',I i ''i
abtout to ibe co'. <. a n :li
petitions :.:iin the II
death peinalty Ivo 'ia nrwd:::1ily , :
all owver the I niti:sd 1Krit: dmn. TI':.
petition:s wetre not whofly rosuilt .
sympathy for the eondemintid, but r. ri
er of an almost uniivers: i feeling :
the case was not clearly proved a;tI
that Mrs. MIaybrick might, after all.
innocent of the crime of murder.
Before the time set for the execut'i-'
the home secretary, Henry Matth,-wa.
who, except the crown, is alone vesti.,.
with power to review the trial of (;e -
ital crimes or exercise clemency. com
muted the sentence to penal servituld'
for life. stating that the evidence "dW dI
not wholly exclude a reasonable douht
But the efforts in behalf of Mrs.
Maybrick did not close with this re
sult, which was felt to be unsatisfac
tor.. With the commutation of tl.a
death sentence to life imprisonment.
however, the British authorities rested.
and the steady stream of petitions and
appeals from all over this country anti
America from that time to this have
failed to move them to further acts of
clemency. On several occasions Mrs.
Maybrick personally petitioned the
late Queen Victoria, asking for one of
two things-either a pardon or a public
investigation Into the evidence. Under
the English law a condemned prisoner
has no right to a reinvestigation of the
evidence-in other words, has no right
of appeal-and If unjustly condemned
can only hope for reparation through
a pardon from the crown upon the
recommendation of the home secretary.
This all the home secretaries from Mr.
Matthews down to the present refused 5
to do. and Queen Victoria declined to
take the initiative in the initiative in the matter, an
attitude which has been assumed by
King Edward.
Under what many people think to be i
a mistalen notion of "maintaining the
majesty of the law" the British au
thorities have kept Mrs. Maybrick in
prison since 1889 regardless of the
number and character of the appeals
for her release. The petitions from
the United States have been particular
ly numerous and insistent, hundreds of
the signers being people of high offi
cial and social standing--presidents.
cabinet officers, supreme court justices
and members of congress, to whom it
would seem the British authorities
would not be adverse to making rea
sonable concessions.
But the promised release of Mrs. C
Maybrick does not come as a result of
these petitions, nor indeed is it in any
respect an act of clemency. Mrs. May
brick is not to be pardoned, but simply
released in accordance with the usual
British custom. The sentence of life
HOUSE OF MRS. MAY3BRICK'S MOTHER AT
ROUEN, FRANCE.
Imprisonment' in England virtu:n:ly
means twenty years, but as good b'u,
havior in prison still further redue.:
the period of incarceration and as Mr::
Maybrick has been known as a "go: I
conduct prisoner" her term at the ti-:
set for her release will have been ro
duced to about fifteen years.
Mrs. Maybrick's motlier, the Biarc
ess de Roque, who has never doubt ,,,
the innocence of her daughter nor
ceased to work and pray for her free
dom, lives in the outskirts of Rouen. i .
a tiny house of a few rooms of lillipu
tian dimensions for which she pa-;
about $10 a month, her once ample for
tune having been dissipated in effort.:
to secure her daughter's restoration to
liberty. It is understood that imme
diately upon her release Mrs. Maybrick
and the baroness will go to the United
States, where they have large financial
interests now in litigation which re
quire their presence.
WALTER ANNISLY.
WiHEN IN NEED OF ANY
Fancy or .a pfe Groceri
FlSH. cOYSWERS, FRUII.
r r - '-, il give -
r, r ;r t :kC. f[: U - ,, - ,ric es. all UI
,,, .. a , 1. rr-o e ry Co.,Jr
.% o u OF F rE TT'S )
(EETHIN1G POWDERS)
Cures Chclhra-lnfantum, D'arrhoca, Dysentery and the Eowel Troubles o
Atut.4 Age. Aids Digestion, Regt!aies toe -owels, Strengthens the Child and
TE.ZTHING EASY. Cures L-rct i'ions and Sores. Colic. Haves and Thrush
and prevents Worms. TEETHINA Counteracts and Overconmes the Efects of
Summer's he~at upon Teething Children, and costs only 25 cents at Dfuggc
mail 25 cents to C.. MOFFETT., a., D., St. Louis, Mo. Drutis
O n Ht ePsttacurant
L'. wr\.T I ,
.`s"-fi t in t"e 'CL -X ý Co 2.-f L? ` a c
701-3-5-7 Texas Street, Corner of Louisiana.
:1----. '.i~--- _~.--
We want our merchant friends in the country to p
know that our plant is brand new and up to now in
all respects, and all printing entrusted to us will It
turned out promptly and in the very latest style.
THE CAUCASIAN.
The lorshei ro. Driy oods (o, [Id
EXCLUSIVELY WHOLESALE DEALERS IN
Dry Goods, Notions, Boots, Shoes
and Hats.
;Io, 512 and 514 Levee Street. New York Office 77 Franklin Street.
. B. HICKS. President. YALE HICKS, Tice President
W. F. CHASE, Secretary-Treasurer.
DIRECTORS.
'ALE HICKS, S. B. HICKS, F. H. GOSMAN, W .F. CHAST
T. HI. SCOVELL. G. H. STEVENSON.
THE HICKS COMPANY
[LIMITED.]
WHOLESALE GROCERS
and COTTON FACTORS.
)fice and Warehouse Corner Spring and Travis Streets, and Corner
Texas and Lommer t "-rers
BOWERS' DRUGSTORE.
Sue. to Aug. J. Bogel.
Books, * Stationery, , Toilet + Articles
and Fancy Goods.
Manufacturer of Flavoring Extracts, Pure Soda and Min
eral Waters. Agents for SmnithI-Prenmiair Typewriters.
Fresh Garden Seed.
Prescriptions carefully compounded with the best atnd freshest
drugs. All favors appreciated at,1 ,,r,! r1 _ivIn ,r.omtipt
attention.
FRED W. O Pr.o'ietor.
- - ~- --- . .. .. . . . . .. 2.--- " ~"'---" _. T ._- - " . 5 . . . . . . . . . .. . ..- -''
C. C. Hardma: &5 Co.,
W hol.sale •.le n R .t I r ",I
LUMBER, SHINL.LZS SAS;,
Doors, Blinds anti e ierai iu.):,
Finishifln; (Goo'!s.
Office and Salescooms Corner SI,rin' anl ( r'.ctt.
Lumber Yard Corner Lake any! 1.cNeil street.
SHREVEPORT, LA.
Gardeners and Truck Farmers.
TAKE NOTICE!
\Ve have received our new crap T. & a1. r:, (l . ng, Field anid Gar
den Seeds from Northern and Eastern e ed fr' i- Thi, -red poscesses
strong germinating powers, produces vigr,,:: pri: -!ch in: -re, an abun
dant harvest and means more money in y',-ur pc,- .c~ - 1f }x7, F bI yl this seed.
Write for catalogue and ask for special price :: ed (,ri, Oats, Rye,
Barley, Wheat, Amber and Orange Cane Seed. .\f f,:. C(cer. dMill.t and
Seed Potatoes, or send us your order. W\XV gliarantcee atifactidn.
108 Texas St. TUSTEN & WElL.