hAN11 llF.IX.ttJrI
he Broghan Doll FurnitureCo.I
WI-OLESALE AND kRETAIL
DEALERS IN
MATTINGS LENOLEUM, RUGS, MATTRESSES Etc.
vethe mo(.t commolete line of L adie, Writ in-- Desks and D~re,-i,;L
Golden Oak Hirdl e \'avle and M1ho-:nI Upright and Mantle
leds an ornantel to any parlor or >ittinv room.
I pay nou to calf and ace our line bef re b ing.
PROMPT ATTENTION TO (OI3TRX ORDERS.
ROS flR(ANTILE IfIGF. (0. (LTD.
Wholesale Dealers in All Kinds of
ts, Produce, Field and
{ Garden Seeds.
s of SHREVEPORT STEAM BOTTLING
ORKS and SHREVEPORT STEAM
CANDY FACTORY.
and 125 Texas Street, Shreveport, La.
0. DREYFUSS & CO.
WHOLESALE DEALERS IN
oods, Boots, Shoes and Hats.
NER SPRING AND CROCKETT STREETS.
ATTENTION TO COUNTRY ORDERS.
HERMAN LOEB
DEALER IN
Wool, Tallow, Beeswax, Furs.
CE STREET, NEXT TO V. S. & P. RAILWAY.
* SHREVEPORT, LA.
to thi sellers the best prices obtained in St. Louis, Nevw
rg, Galveston and Houston markets. Prompt returns.
Tt The.
B TATES
feB tickets at one fare plus $2 for the round
Dec.` 13 17t 21, 22, 23, 26. Limit 30 days.
< .am trans carry Pullman Sleepers at it
:rCafe Cars during the day, and Throw
rCohbos 'sn.Free Reclining Chair Gars both da
mn4 The service compares favorably with
th.: ani road In the c natry.
Writ.: andtell us where you are going and when
y.E wleaove. .nd we Ilill tell youi what your ticket
wiltoo~andwhttrain to take to make the best
skis. 4ass .Et, -. 1o
cod pintig-oounaerc priting of value, we are ready
rThe kind of printing we do is good printing
who: wats good printing should bear in mind that
ing wre do is always good-he cheapest-kind after all.
*tefs* 5 peolatty.
nr tting booklets, 'folders, circulars, cards, bill heads,
hedand k4evefything which can be printed are fair
much chieamer, tatlng in consideration the style
is generally paid for careless, ordinary or common
Ring tup roo.
& Carmj Stas. Pitn £81
Offe Phuone s58; Residence 644
ranDrEC. ALLEN
COOPER BUILDING
e4andi P3d Floor.
<to toa
a11& lch fet Palner Pung. Co and
Cart r ` ig o pronptfy attendtled to
S ( W. S therb os. E warrit
7' .C
TALMAGE
SERMON
By Rev.
FRANK DE WITT TALMAGE, D.D.,
Pastor of Jefferson Park Presby
terian Church, Chicago
Chicago. Feb. S.-Ic this :t-ruron toe
preacher shows that the pew is no less
gesponsi lt- for spiriturl stagnation
than the pulpit and that a dumb pew
makes a dead chor-h, whiclo a live, cor
dial, co-operating and ('brist tonfessing
pew makes an elcctivye pulpit and a
triumphant church. The text is John
ix, 16. "There was a division among
then."
One day Lepaux, the great French
infidel, enrc to Napoleon. He said:
"Your majesty. I have evolved a new
religion which I cail Tleophiianthro
py. I know that it is a letter gospel
than Christianity, but the ti r ir fc peo
ple will not believe or erccpt it WAhiat
is the matter? WVhat sh;:Ii I rIo? The
great French tiltrwro' -Irtnedl antd
sulierd. Thern he raised lci-; ri::in 1d
placed hii; l.andl k1:InrdlvY hi s
friend's shouilde'r ::s Il a ' :w-e I: he
paux. there is one troutrli :h- 3t your
'-ew ielictc . mci -e ye i :5-C
(ro and o en .: f,- w Iy l- I 1 ii
stop some drheif ears. - '1: -igrn Souil
crook-'d imbs. Irise -:w -- I: H
cr-itlr-rt- and h>i'L .i+ In icrotic
the gra--'. On tic tird oct :ippc'r.
unto themr w c put Nolr In re:th. cl herr
the people will cc ,t -our relirion
and trelievy' in yo-r rs r icy t lievo it
.Jesu ( 'irr-ist. L parn', it is vy yvom
witnesses that your irne reliziou must
win its w- y ilto the heart- of the
people. not by your th cries." Napo
leon was right. The gospel of Jesus
Christ is to be carried to the farther
most parts of the world by the power
of gospel testimony, not by theories,
not by arguments, not by a brilliant
collection of metaphysical or polemical
dissertations.
An illustration of this statement is
furnished by the sceae of my text.
There was great excitement in the ec
clesiastiani world of Jerusalem. The
Pharisees, the members of the sanhe
drin a and the priests had conclusively
settled it with themselves that Jesus
Christ was a frand, a charlatan, an ab
surd pretender. But one day there was
brought into their presence, seeing, a
man who had been born blind. In all
probability they knew him, for he had
been one of the beggars who took their
stand near the temple gate. Every
one who went to the temple knew him.
"Who opened your eyes?" one of the
learned doctors asked in surprise. "No
man ever lived before who, having
been born blind, received sight on this.
side of the jgrave." When the young
man answered "Jesus," the priests and
their hirelings were beside themselves
with rage. They threatened. him.
They browbeat him. They excommu
nicated him. At last they entirely lost
their reasoning faculties and common
sense. They practically cried aloud:
"We do not believe that Jesus opened
tbbse eyes! Away with this fellow
called Jesus! Away with him! Awtay
with him!" But some of these learned
-Pharisees could not be put off by any
such superficial condemnation. Me
thinks I can hear a learned doctor say
to some of his friends: "I do not know
about this. Perhaps we may have been
wrong. Perhaps this new teacher aft
er all is the promised Messiah. Cer
tainly no other human being could
ever work such miracles." "And there
was a division among them," the
same kind of a division which will oc
cur among worldly men today if the
bombshell of consecrated Christian tes
timooy can only be burled among them.
Are Wr Ready to Give Testimony?
A practical appileation of this prin
ciple is now facing us. one and all.
Are we Christian men and women
ready 'to give our gospel testimony
wherever we go? Are we ready to tell
what Jesus Christ has done for us?
Ready. even though it may bring upon
as sneers and ridicule? Ready, though.
it should involve persecutions and os
tracism? Ready as the young man of
old was ready who stood up and wit
nessed before the priests and the Phar
Ipees. when he made a division among
them ?
Would that the dumb spirit would
come out of the lay members in the
i Christian churches! Everywhere we
hear the question being asked: "What
is the matter with our churches? Is It
that the pulpit is losing its power?"
Oh, no,, the pulpit is not losing its pow
er. There are more consecrated minis
ters today than ever before. More
brilliant and well developed heads and
hearts are yearly hºeing trained in our
theologianl seminaries than ever be
fore. More eloquent sermous are being
preached from the sacred d'sk on this
Sabbath than on any Sunday' of any
other generation that ever lived. What,
then, is the matter? The pulpit has
not lost its old power. but the pox.
has abandoned its duty. The great de
feet of the church today is that the
pew has relegated to the pulpit nearly
all its public duties. of preaching as
well as public praying, as it has de
pended on the choir for its singing.
The result is that when the pew ceases
to speak thebmessage of the pulpit is
ueglected. The pulpit of the Lord Je
sus Christ is today groaning under the
weiglit of the insiute load which the
pOw has piled upon it. No church is
today a consecrated evangelistic church
jpniess. it has in its. pews men who.by
life and tetimo y are preaching evan
:ge sts as eli as gospel ministers who
stand behind the sacred vdesk. Jesus
C ist is t a ' spaklIg to the silent
r - th qb wa ase spake unto
i r that tws curag
conie out of birh and enter no more in
to him:" It is not the pulpit that is
dead; it is the pew which refuses to
speak and therefore has lost its power
to listen.
R1 (-Iey and the Dumb Pew.
John W.-sley. one of the greatest men
who ever lived. no matter how you take
hiii, r eutized, and profoundly realized,
that a dumin pew invariably meant an
ineffective pulpit and a dead church.
Wlhat did he do! John Wesley. by di
vCe inspirationi. made his pulpit one
ef ti. mightiest thrones of the ages
i.n lie kindled the pew into articu
):;to life. John Wesley also harnessed
to the pulpit the power of Christian
song. He started his brother Charles
writing hymns. He gave those hymns
to the people, the common people, anl,
like David. te cried: "Praise ye the
Lord; praise ye the Lord from *the
heavens! Both young men and maid
ens. oil men and children, let them
praise the name of the Lord!" Then
John Wesley took the old Bible, the Bi
hle of Martin Luther. lie took that
Bible out of the chancel and the clois
ter. Hle gave it to the people. the coin
mon people. lie said to them as Paul
said ruth young Timothy: "Preach the
word. Be instant in season. out of sea
son. H>prove. rebuke, exhort!" Then
Jour Wl1 sleo ; pia(red his handi upon the
cri-ni'onest of men in or(iin ation. 0 ie
took the cobbler from oft his stool, the
,r from the dark eveirns of thm
urtho. the farmer from the bi-id and
the- '-rk from the store. Ite sif unto
these bel- who had been studying the
w-ord of (od: i Brethren, you do not
n:-id a tI-ological training. Preach
se-ss Chlvist; preach; everywhere I
opre-h, prUaicli. preach-"
The older denoniiniations of England
at that timn snercred at the \Wesleyaus.
In derision they called them "Motho
dists hbeciuse they did everything un,
meth-dicailly. What was the result'
Was Wesity's a foolish plan= Oh, no.
When Charles Wesley started the peo
ple singing instead of relegating that
duty to a trained choir, as many of our
churches do. today; when John Wesley
started his people praying and pleading
in the barns, in the homes, on the street
I corners, Charles and John Wesley. by
the power of the pew, roused all Eng
land for Christ. And today the great
est danger of the Methodist church Is
that she is developing too much an in
tellectual pulpit instead of a pleading,
praying, testifying pew. John Wesley
believed in that pew: John Wesley, by
the grace of God, compelled that pew
to speak. Oh, thou (leaf and dumb
spirit of the church pew, in the name
of Christ I command thee to come out
and be gone into everlasting darkness!
The caverns of the black inferno alone
are suited to thy withering and blast
ing and accursed silence. Let the sil
ver tongue of Christian testimony here
after speak from the pew. This plea,
oh. Christian women, is spoken to you
as well as to your brother.
Would that the tongue of the dumb
spirit of Christian testimony might be
unloosed and begin to speak for Christ
in the homes! I am not now alluding
to, the Christian testimony which ought
to be heard among our children by our
own fireside. I am referring to the
word of gospel invitation, which should
be addressed to the sinful and godlqss
homes in the midst of every Christian
community.
The Preseut Condition.
A noted southern educator some time
ago bluntly said, "It is often far easier
for a man to sign a thousand dollar
heek for foreign missions than It is
for him to speak a Christiat word of {
encouragement to the bootblack boy
cleaning his shoes on the street cor
ner." That is a very wise saying. But
I carry the principle still further. It
is often far easier for a Christian lady
to get up a church fair in the interests
of foreign missions or to read a paper
before that society upon the Filipinos
or the Chinese or Siamese than It is to
go to the family which lives in the fiat
above her and ask them if they love
the L9ri Jesus Christ. Ought such a
condition ever to exist? It is about
time for some of us to learn to sing
with the right spirit Bishop Heber's
grand old gospel hymn:
If you cannot cross the ocean
And the heatheh lands explore,
You can find the heathen nearer,
You can help them at your door.
My brother living in Chicago. do you
not know that there are within a radius
of three blocks of your house scores
and scores of families who never hear
the name of Jesus spoken in their
homes except in blasphemy? Do you
not know that within a radius of six
blocks of this church, every Sunday
night while I am preaching, scores and
scores of young men and women pass
in and out of the fatal doors of the sa
- loons and places of evil resort? Some
I of us are foolish enough to think that
the haunts of Satan are open only six
drys of the week; that on the seventh
d' vy 'Satan rests and shuts up shop and
says to his hirelings. "My agents and
serviants, let us allow God to open his
churches on the Sabbath, and we will
r s." No. The churches may be open
ed one day of the week, but the Satan
ie haunts are nex-er shut. Night and
d 3y the busy fingers of death are reach
ing, iIways rea'in' ' after niore vie
tmus. Like thF q,:. k:ands of the far
east, this Gat at i' destrvoyr keers swal
low-inz down trhe unfortunate. amid lie
never seem,- to have enough. "More.
more Imore"' continually cry the evil
spirits. "Give Ims more human blood
to ouench our nui-ueichable tLirst!"
NOW. miy I iti-in I friends. while I
reeoie in forei mi - smi and would
not abutte your Miotre`' in them I rant
to ask you this pxrtinent onestion: Do
rou think we should ail.ow our concern
for souls 11, I0i ain°' away to ninopo
lize our eTor W lihi" n-c arc seeking
them do not let is i terlook the (langer
of thoe' w'ho are livng in sin by our
own door. Do you thintk that the Sa
moans and the Anstralasians and the
MaoyIs and African negroes should be
any wmo p ieious hr od'e sight and
an te mn orthewoma
about whose personality you never care
until you see a black crape hanging
upon the opposite door? Oh, man, if
you had the true love of Jesus Christ
In your heart, you would act differently
toward your unknown neighbor. You
would enter his home for Jesus' sake,
with at least the same Intensity as a
life insurance agent hunts up men
and women for his insurance con
panuY. You would enter the strangers'
home, near to your door, with at least
the same earnestness as if you had to
sell a few books in order to buy your
babies some bread. No man can truly
love his God with all his heart and soul
and mind unless at the same time Le
loves his neighbor as himself. and no
Christian man can truly love his neigh- i
bor unless he is personally interested
in his neighbor's eternal salvation.
Save the Nearby Sinners.
Would that we might be willing to
enter the homes of our neighltors in the
service of Jesus ('hrist. Such an effort
on our part not only is essential to their
salvation. but it alfects our standing in
the kingdom of Christ, 1)o you not re
member that he said. "Every branch
that beareth not fruit he taketh away?"
Yet how indifferent most of us are in
r.'fe -rence to the salvation of tIIose sin
ners who are nearest our oaan door
step Some years ago ain .nierieaa
missionary was preaehing in the str'eT
of Calcutta. As thn Awrinne n elervy
mn:it was ta!king a Moliainii'lain priest
stood near and began to inviixl anijinst
the iuconsiste Lcies of the pr ofs.'r-s of
the (hristiii religion. 'Ileoi ti ll'
Iantmedan priest openel 10 lBiidble. and
while lie read he pointed to x ,itinken
English sailor near by. le reoad out
loud Iheso teautiful and soletimi words
of Corinthians, which we repeat at the
holy communion, "And after the santo
manner also he took the cunp when lie
had supped, saying. This up is the
new testament in my blood: this do ye,
as oft as ye drink it, in remembrance
of me." Then the Mohammedan priest
sneeringly and tauntingly said: "There
is the white man's religion. There is
the white man drunk. Will ye have
any such religion as that?" Oh, my
brother, we rightly send forth our mis
sionaries Into foreign lands to testify I
of Jesus Christ. Shall we not also try
to carry the testimony of Jesus to the
drunken and dissipated white men at
our own doors that they may be living
a itnesses of the power of the gospel
and not a reproach to It? Shall we not
also carry the gospel to our neighbors,?
to those who may be living farther
away from Christ than the cannibals
or the Eskimos? Shall we not be will
Ing to kneel in prayer in our neighbors'
parlors as well as send missionaries to
preach standing upon the muddy banks
of the Ganges?
Would that the dumb lips of Chris
tian testimony might be opened in the
store and on the street, in the factory
and by the cashier's desk; opened when
yqu are tying up a bundle; opened when
you are taking down the goods from
off the shelf; opened when you are bid
ding the little cashgirl good night:
opened when you are giving the last
instructions to your foreman; opened
In the same way as were the lips of a
poor old one armed black man who.
while he cleaned my shoes on Penn
sylvania avenue, in our national capi
tal, taught me one of the mightiest les
sons of trust and faith in God I ever
learned!
"Oh," says some man or woman sit
ting before me, "I could not speak a
word for Christ in the store. it would
not be appropriate. Such a course as
that would be resented not only by my
employers, but also by the employees."
Would it, my brother: I think such a
course would often be gladly welcomed
In the store instead of being resented.
I have had a great deal of experience
with Christian workers. All of them
have told me that when they speak a'
word for Christ on the street or in the
store almost without exception they
have been listened to kindly; respect
fully and thankfully. Rev. Dr. 1. I.
Gorby, the present assistant pastor of
this church, who has worked a great
deal among the factories and the stores.
has told me that the most respectful
and .gtateful audiences he has ever ad
dressed were those clad In overalls apd
which listened to him while he talked
from a table or a barrel among the ma
chinery or near the blast. Many em
ployers welcome such efforts, knowing
well that they profit by their employ
ees becoming Christians. Some years
ago H. L. Cregier of Washington, Ind.,
the head of a great stave and heading
factory, placed a gospel minister upon
his pay roll. He wanted this evangel
ist to make it his business to speak a
word for Christ to every one of his em
ployees "because," said Mr. Cregier.
"outside of the spiritual results it pays
when I have such a gospel worker
among my men. There is l"ss drunk.n
ness, less rows. less crimes, less indo
lence and slothfulness, and my men
are happier and better and more f'a'th
ful." Now, my Christian friends. with
such a testimony as that before you,
do you not feel en'ouraged t- `peak a
word for Christ in the store -itol in your
place of business?
Tell About the Ileal 1r
Furthermore, you should not hositate
to testify for Christ in your place of
business, because you would not have
dumb lips in reference to mxy pitiecal
cure which you knew about YO u low
are silent in refereace to di - divine
cure of sin Suppose that today- one of
the employees of your store was atii-t
} ed with the dreaded disease of (a'1r.'
Supposing that a couple of x-t'-a'sa-o
you had been 'rted from the same dis
ease by a cert.in rmedicine of a certain
doctor. Would you tint inunO 'i'-ttel'
go and tell bim ,bodt thi wonderfu!
cute? If ae--S' ary. wo'.' I you not t-ke
this physician to the s-i k 'lan't htouse
and insist that he t'y this dure n-hichi
had- cured you? You would do that,
yet among the blood curdling sins and
the blasphemies of your store you do
not think it is your bounden duty ,to
l bout the Christ -bo tieaussd you
from all sins. Do you mean to tell me
that you have a right to keep your lips
dumb and not invite those sinful em
ployees to your church and prayer
meeting, where they can hear the sweet
messaae of divine love?
A still more concrete illustration will
show the application of the principle
for which I am cointcnding. Supposing
that today I should read an autoiiraph
litter from AAndr'w t'ar tiec or John
I. . o .ýfeller or lbaron iltoihshliiI or
some other mnltiniilliolmire to this ef
fect:
"*As the winter is coniing on, I feel
it to be Uiy duty to help the poor anf
the unfortunate. Therefore please an
pounce as soon as possiblle that next
Siunday my representatives will be
with lii u and that they will hive a ten
dollir bill to every man, woman an!
child who conies to your service so that
they i iui buy bread?
What would be the result of my rear
inmg suci a letter as that? Why, yo4
tiould carry the news everywhere.
You would to out of ; out. way to pealk
to Xvery one yon cver knwet. Yote
would -ay to ll the liiyivrs iand the
s:1l-irs of the st-r: iI ilac op to iur
chiri-li neit '-undy. n T-lm l of your
pool. friv'nis :Ibout l~th -4))( newrs.
lBr-ad, rh Treil 1 iii.' i" ; nia ti be
frt. bir' n for i i e hi :e i.And on
Xiý1'"\IX tf XX e iii ' t i Ile rais.ed1
-1tr i -:l0, h r nille .'e ai il:oh free
tnol: I If Voii i iul t :7 ftr and
tibe such an IrihI' promii't of a i'ar
neLIde ','r iat !!o : lfe!'r. ill Yom not
carryt t 10 IS ,1 and wide the
prXomiie of a heaivoil_ Xi' If you
would _-l:dly ant V i:!::,oIy tell your
business frienl' s :n3:11 I l.ployeri and
employees abolit a brio l will -li eain
give !if' to the pthyX.i dodly, wili you
be diumb in refcr1'i-i" to that spiritual
I bread of life whtiih lhrist i lP'rs to all
who come to him ?
Give Testimonly at Hiome.
Would that the diiuimb lips of Chris
tian testimony might be unloosed by
our own firesides among our loved
ones, as well as among the strangers
dwelling outside the four walls of our
home. 1 place this spiritual obligation
upon my own heart and life as well as
upon yours. There is many a minister
I who is so anxious about the souls of
his congregation that sometimes he
overlooks the souls' destinies of his
own children and brothers and sisters
and parents. Some time ago I buried
a noble man of God named Rev. Wil
liam E. McCrea. In conversation with
me one day be said that the sweetest
moment of all his life, not excepting
'his own conversion, was when he was
able to lead his own venerable father
to the foot of the cross. His father was
a moral and, from a worldly stand
point, a good man, but not a professing
Christian, and, though he had a son in
the ministry, yet no one for years had
ever asked the father to give himself
in love to the Lord Jesus Christ. But
y one day Rev. Mr. MeCrea, after he had
been five years in the ministry, came to
his father and said: "Father, do you
not want to become a Christian? Do
you not want to take mother's Christ
and my Christ as your Christ? Do you
not want me to pray with you now?"
The tearsstarted from the old man's
eyes;'his lips quivered. He shook with
emotion as he answered: "Yes, Willhe.
I do. Oh, Willie, I have been waiting
so long for some one to ask me-to come
to Christ! Why did you not do it be
fore?" So today let us start to plead,
everywhere with Christian testimony:
let us begin right in our own homes.
Let us begin first and at once among
those who are closest to us, as Andrew
first sought his own brother to bring
him to Christ.
My friends, members of Jefferson
Park church. I here and now conse
I crate my life to a new work. I am go
ing back to the days and life which I
used to live when I first entered the
ministry. In those old days I did not
seek so much to comfort-and please the
members of my church as to win souls.
My only desire was to reach out for
those who were outside of the church
and who never had confessed the name
of Jesus. Before I entered my pulpit
I would get down on Ay knees and
say, "Oh, God, let me speak the right
word for that young man and woman
whom I may never see again until I
meet them at thy throne!" Such is my
purpose now; such Is the purpose of
my new assistant. Brothers and sis
ters, we have been too long dwelling
together in selfish fellowship. We have
,enjoyed each other's society well. But
to be happy together is not enough.
Will you here and now clasp my hand
In a holy purpose? Will you here and
now move forward with no- to seek out
the strayed land) which is lost upon
the mountain of Fin,? «'E1 You ro
forth with m.e" out into the ýlorrn. per
haps to aUttle against lIrv a.4
sneers? Will you co in '!i' I:u'e of
Jesus Christ? ! Nll1 Colt promise >:
anid now to Irr}' t'( ,cP.op iti .r
to the 'rei'at ' 4rd.vi nd to Ict
sinful fen ian " onwn who 're "e
Underot the hylir of outr ow!; tloor
ICopr igh t. . In L i. ,s
Lord Mashlam'x Inventioons.
Lord \l-al:' '1- !^ in the ar'i etat
of two fnt, '.iwt; nidi
by is iwool ro i In r I: 1! -
ond by th uIe cf i -
The story isto :,1 that Cr, ak- n' ;. w7 o' ll!i': ~1l
dronl wheni It' sw wha;t aperd o
a ¶ ile of ro-4 bish. 0i-v
wasl mi:. wais '(41 that it w:1 v
si lk, which dlt :-,e, .
sellin g is rubbi 1. ' !".
tity at a hifc-i.1 y ' !
turnied it into col! . I i ý. _!
S si . to
sl oo v to ..r !: .t 1!!) ..
turain=' thN'" \\;i t.' tip I,<' l. . 1
kplush. Lo!r Masham : the pat-!t - of
many other in-ent 'ns. tup i ii. t. e
compressed airbrake for railways.