Perrin & Co,,
essors to V. C. Perrin.
Factors, Real Estate
and Rental Agents,
s St. Shreveport, La.
give our personal attention to the
cotton.
menl.'rs 'of the Ctton Ex
d have nc'cess to all the latest
ilities for storing and insuring
e complete.
1i make liberl cash advances
ments of cotton.
of real estate is large and at
and we think we can please all
of purchasers.
tent houses and farms, collect
make prompt remittances, and
for non-residents.
,want patronage and expect to
mjse by strict attention to busi
eveport Turf
change.
The latest and most reliable
-returns from the races
Every day at the
SHREVEPORT
TURF
EXCHANGE
ed come and get the results.
taken from responsible
parties.
r ABERT,
urer of an' Dealer in
ss, Saddles,
Collars, Whips,
IDLES, ETC.
CARRIAGE TRIMMING
LY ATTENDED TO.
S., NEAR COMMON.
IVEPORT, LA.
R. SMITH,
y and Cclunsel-lr
at La w.
Building, on Snrint' street.
in all State and Federal
BOETZ,
y Groceries.
TEXAS STREET.
examine my new clisa
. Waring
Phone 320.
rtaker
Dealers lu Fle
ers
rdware.
521 Edwards Street
BUILDING.
SPocket Knives and
S.sso: b.
LASS.
tools a specialty.
i ts attended to day
Route will sell round
. Los Angeles and San
S3, 12, 13, 14, 15, I6,
of $47.5o, on account
y of Presbyterian
Association of
f the uTanit states.
LACE AND LINEN.
This Is a Favorite Combination For
Summer Dremses.
[Special Correspondence.]
New York, April 1.1.--It has been said
and with good reason that the lace cur
tains have ,(een robbled f their hor
ders. It Is of linen, strong and heavy
rather than fine: hit, I. ,wever coarse il
may be, it look, well when laid along
the dress.o as ; Iinw :atltl strikina g:ar
nitulre. Thlie ed.e, to ti.; :ar.- : initm rlly
straight. aild tLo arli e - sis r as gi ((
qiuite Ia now hl rnio i, dll r . Tlllnr,
are any nulheillr of round meallltions anl
ready it sw on a d n .. 1 t . r. ' he' ,
dull coloret lal:s i::. anai ti i lov[ey
soft soil; a, !l ,, 1":! o "r o"I * i l:i
l ntrie d , i1:l ,Ite', in or;l 1' n ,hr tn
other.
In one of the .aell stare. I n <
5some bleutifull tgowns anti nl lahtThilv
decorated with heavy mlae. -:,t;me w:''
white, with thick l metallions or oither
trimming ill deen cream an, d evai
string and ecru. This laid over the
pure white Is more striking than any
one would Imagine.
Several of tile white linen and other
materials were made up with length
wise tucking down to the knees, where
the tucks dwindled out to form the
flare so much sought after. Above the
hem is laid the lace trimming. The
waists are elaborate and richly gar
nished with lace. put on in every con
celvable style. Some have the blouse
opened down the front and the two
sides edged with tine embroidery o01
else medlilions in lace set to represoeut
one straiglht line. ihivtween the sides
i't a vest imade o i' ,i, t:. "'. 1'
terial of whatevelr kind it (c.nsi(dere(
the monst suitableh. I!'in linen !ti',lte
is often e(tilloyed for t he a l'urliose.
li other cases ithere will he a:i yoke
made of closely tuckled ilt [ riai. and
to this is fastened the rist' of the waist.
The joined place is invariably marked
out with lace in sal-e special de sign.
The upper parts of the sleeve are also
laid in tucks. while the lower portion
is in full bishop style. Soml e of these
sleeves are almost works tof art, so or
niate and comiplicatcd they are. The
upper part will he eliher tucked or
shirred and overlaid with lace, while
the lower is ualde full and often or
namented to a degree. One kind had
inner sleeves of the batiste of which
the dress was made and outer ones of
tulle, with large medallions of yellow
lace along. The cuTffs were quite deep
and one oe f rich lace over the
tulle.
Pretty figured silks are developed in
much the same manner. with the same
reckless disregard of cost in lace trim
ming. Neat and Frenchy fie taffeta
checks in black and white and dark
blue and white are amiong'the newest
of gowns, and these, too, are plastered
with lace medallions between narrow
lines of fine soutache braid or narrow
velvet ribbon. The cloth suits have
little or no lace. though some tine
broadcloths do show a few handsome
set pieces on the waist, sometimes also
on the skirt.
The soft and dainty voiles show up
the lace trimming to good advantage.
Many of the pretty mercerized satines
and cotton foulards are trimmed quite
as lavishly as the more costly stauffs,
and they look quite as well. There are
00W0 or OASI LDIx AND LAca.
blue cottons of this class, some with a
design of dots in various sizes, others
where the dots are all alike and still
more where there is a wandering and
intricate design in arabesques. All are
pretty and nicely made up. They will
give universal satisfaction.
There are some wonderfully delicate
sky and baby blue Irish dimities. They
are sheer and fine, and in spite of they
delicate tint they will launder beauti
fully. So one can put on them all the
trimming one wants and be sure of a
good season's wear. Some of the white
linen gowns have Monte Carlo coats
made of the same, finely garnished
with heavy lace and pendants. These
latter are made of cord. A few of these,
coats are laid in deep plaits fromi
shoulder to bottom, the fronts beingt
heavily decorated with crochet lace.
Another pretty new fancy is the capel
with the long stole ends and the stole
'sbe.. gra Ast has a triple cape
e,,. ,al.# ae in the
BILL ADOPTED.
The Mea~ure of 'Vyidhanm In I'nrllanmenl
tgr•r.l t' I no, entinn,
Dublin. ,':i 17.-fv an unnimotus
vote the Iri h N' i. nal colven in
whiib'h et T .t acc cptel i. n prtia.
cipal th} It-h lan-l l introdluced in
the .O i f e : e : is y S. crt!ary
.VWynd am
with t1-' t cz onc ot '1 ' 1 w tb
ef tl it p , r.1 ,' hill T! . r ,re "i
thi e liv ,-' <f P tln s th, r, a tr i
thr lives'- cf if ividuals c iirnti'io
'vaii h onc . l,. t A1ni nev'e'r hr i
Sctt on cce(csiont I ,li'vt' this to ,
"\VW atetuor le d f- 1t , r " ,* o ' rIl"
bill Las, and I aml inclined to mnili
mize thnm, it obj,,et is the colmp!,"
and final abolition of landlordisnm in 'i,
its csential:4 Ireland is uniteci as
she never was before Each man torts
well weigh hi; words and remembet
that the whole flittre of his country
and the welfare of his children and
that of unborn generations may Ice
pond upon the conts ntion's decision
Michael Davitt,. received a great
ovation. iHe demanded the release of
Colonel Arthur Lynch, who is servina
a sentence of life itpprisonment after
having been convicted of high treason
and one other Irish agitator who is
still in jail and whose continued im
prisonmcnt said Mr Davitt, was on
becoming to the spirit of peace h,
twoon Ir-a!nn and England air Da t
itt exp)ret'-s many dlilternc' . ,
opinion with Mr O'lDrinn, 5tr It'
mind adl the majority of the <i'!
ratets, L ti1' l premised to abide hv tlt
decision of tii' convention Mr .Davi't
spoke of tI:(' Irish u:iric.ntltural laborer
WARRANTS ISSUED.
Dr ('tarl.s S. Marhe to lte Turned (t'ei
ito Slexicah. .ov'+ernmi enit.
Washingttie. April 17.-In issuing
warrant for the surrender to the Me x
ican government of Dr. Charles S
Harle, now held in arrest at El Paso
Tex.. on charge of being an accessory
to a murder tcommitedr in Chihuahua
Mex., the state department took step:
to secure the punishment of a pecu
liarly atrocious crime which has cn
gaged the attention of the two govern
m(,nts and one of the big New YorL
life insurance companies for man3
nmonths. The papers filed at the statl
department alleged that the Mexicar
agent of the company. T. C. Richard
son, a man named Meridith and Dr
Harel conspired to murder a man ir
order to collect the insurance on hit
life, the policy for which' had been is
sued by Richardson. The policy wat
made out payable to Meridith. ThE
victim was slowly poisoned to death
and the doctor who attended him cer
tified that he died from natural caus
es. The doctor's defense is that h(
did not himself administer the drug
Richardson and Meridith also ar
rested in Texas, were discharged b3
the court on the ground of insufficien'
evidence. But the Mexican govern
ment has sworn out new charges an(
the two men will he arrested again
and held for extradition.
REVIEWED TROOPS.
President Loubet Saw Ten Thousand o
the Algerian Soldiers.
Algiers, April 17.-President Lou
bet witnessed the grand military ma
neuvers in which 10,000 troops take
part on Mustapa field. The soldiers
had been drawn from all parts of the
colony and were reinforced by sailort
and marines from the visiting fleets
and by natives, organizations. Thb
Algerian sharpshooters and zouave!
made an imposing display and thi
white furnished a brilliant spectacle
M. Loubet's arrival on the parade
ground was the signal for a great dem
onstration from the military and the
thousands of civilian spectators.
On April 22 to 27 the Cotton Belt
Route will sell tickets to Richmond. Va..
and return at rate of one andti one-third
f;,re, limited April 28, account mbeting
of Southern Educational Conference.
Your stationery speaks for vo tr ai-i
ness. ., onldn't you rather it had a go ,!
word to say? The kind we print: s i:(
kind you war'.
\\HERE TItEY ST.AND.
i ;e up, v e i ,wcr <,f the (, .,crnr
Sb c. ,.1v . Vhv nt t~, ile of
,lt ,'. ul ltt gut , t 1,i irce the pe lie
kin eit in tilt State mt n.ih } l en l,
1 I n Cat - h" 1 . ::-:, "'nit,1
tCh1en eray e1 1eren i i the wC lf' r f
iinn, jlla lhi v the right . I I,. erm ,ni an
al ;iik" 1nii ' w re and ittll ui ... andi the
le nmo men-hi auirc ti uhernaturiaul
ni' rr at ii - tii l c i r generally.i .
eautiful emoria lll to ithe Con.ede late
Dead t. i edil ated..
I..III )C ';t in tlis `M a rtt ant tile 1 '(w fleC
ý crit ly o v'cu, d in the wein fa e re (,fý
I ,itiiina have the riglt to den and and
Austin. April 17n-The monumenthe
erectned by whCamp John B. Hoodr, Unitedl
iht ou" and to ,lio. 's generally.
Beautiul Meniorial to the Confeder ate
Confederate Veterans, to the Confeder
3te dead was unveiled Thursday.
The monument consists of a massive
base of gray granite. surmount li by
five heroic figure:: ill Ironze, the s.- atie
of .Jefferson Davis, president of the
ConfIe rate States of Anterica. com
mandtin: the e.ntral position, aul a
tigure representing each of the branch
es of the Confederate military service
occupying eeach corner. In the tre
monies Thursday culminated hopes
which have for many years been en
tertained by the members of Camp
Hood. The monument has been paid
for entirely by subscriptionse raised by
that organization, and as many diffi
culties and embarrassments were con
fronted all along the line, the comple
tion of the memorial is all the more
gratifying.
The sculpture is the work of P. Cop
pine of San Antonio and Frank Teich
of that city was the contractor
The unveiling wa:; preceded by one
of the largest parades ever seen in
Austin.
Judge Reagan and ex-Governor Lub
bock made addresses. The former de
clated Confederates were neither trait
ors or repels, but were forced to
vindicate themselves "when the ma
jority in the national government
trampled over their constitutional
rights." He said that several times
the eastern states had threatened se
cession. At night final exercises were
held in hall of representativs.
GOMPERS REPLIES.
He Deelares That President Parry Har
Taken Leave of Hit Reason.
Washington, April 17.-President
Gompers of the American Federation
of Labor gave out a statement in re
ply to the annual report of President
Parry of the Manufacturers' associa
tion which was read before that body
in New Orleans. It says:
"If there was any doubt that Mr
Parry had taken leave of his reason
the report, or rather harangue, which
he made to his convention demon
strates it beyond any doubt. If the
Manufacturers' association in conven
tion at New Orleans endorsed Mr. Par
ry's unjustified. indigested and ma
licious antagonism to the effort that
the workers to secure material and
moral improvement they simply write
themselves down to his low level and
stand committed with him for all the
injury which must follow from his
rabid utterances, his ignorant antagon
ism which must provoke only resent
ment and retaliation "
Quiet at Joplin
Joplin, Mo., April 17.-Mayor Trigg
Issued a proclamation calling a meet
ing of good citizens to organize five
hundred vigilants for the preservation
of order. Although people began to
fill the streets by nightfall Thursday
night, there was no sign of disorder
-\'e want to do your printfng.
iti
G.;)VERNM .NT BY INJUNC ,1
I, ( r fra cnut ii- puni- i f:r i i
te in the I Ce nce r of t'11 c. (ltt . ' il
p d t i -crate practically withoit o -
p situ ii, ut Ii is sooin as the c rlporatiiois
discocvred the purpose of tkW, hIll ti, y
succeeded in defeating it in the Ii' se,
and since that timne it has neiver bee .
able to pass either house, or, in fact. to
uhobtain consideration."
FAIR AN!) DIEMOCR ATIC.
)One of the p.leas against the inonina
ti in of State oficers ,by prim, aryl Itle,
ti.on is that a platftirn can not he adot ,
1d thro.iti gh tch a systemi, tand that the
ipartys platform must ie considered and
aiirovted iby a State con.veinthi i Plan
u thi prce-ti xt. the advantage of
iT sin I ie prtimary ei t ci i in i lltan, I
ff -t ;ts i ii - trate i by prcli lr tic i r i-u
i inihihere, iihliin a ge 'i n ie
eaiter ti e political i s ii ie declareo i ficn
lick- h ri views and his p" . i'm": n the
iitues wintch conceri the pieinole.dt1. Lr
itch ai s -teIi every I tenocratc in ilis-is
Fsipp, eIlore cast. ng his vote, is infCr.e d
of the tfithde of the candidate of hin
iho ice. There can lie nro cit and dried,
plagrari, no nmi sutiierstt:ndiiii . I Having
pledged hi mself y public declarations,
lthe candidate nomina ted and then elected
is in honor uttnd to keep ii pledge or
forf eit the gid opinion of his friends.
Not r is dith a convention where the
ilatforii adopted, as elaracteri cid by
Bo virke Cochran, is a good thing t g in
on but may not he so goor d a thing to
stand on. Let every gentlemant iin Liins
ita, acspiring to an office, he it governor
or constable. get close to the petiple andi
let the eopile know where he stands and
iwhat the represents besides his personal
ity. Is this not fair and Democratic?
The Caucasian lives uc to its name.
SHERIFF'S SALE.
No. 8146-In First Judicial District
Court of Caddo Parish, La.: Neith
Lodge No. 21, I. O. O. F. vs. Frank
U. MWright.
By virtue of a writ of fieri facias to
me issued by the Honorable First Judi
cial District Court, in the above entitled
and numbered suit, I have seized and
will offer for sale at public auction, for
cash, according to law, with the benefit
of appraisement, at the principal front
door of the court house of Caddo par
ish in the city of Shreveport, La., dur
ing the legal hours for sales on
SATURDAY, APRIL 2r, 1903,
the following described property, to
wit: All of the stock of wines, liquors.
merchandise, furniture and fixtures and
other property contained in the premises
occupied by the defendant as a saloon on
Texas avenue in the city of Shreveport,
La.
Said property seized as belonging to
the defendant and to be sold to satisfy
the debt specified in the said writ. in the
sum of one hundred and fifty dollar.s,
witu 5 per cent interest from April 4,
15903, an all costs of the suit.
S. J. WARD,
Sheriff of Caddo Parish, La.
Caucasian. April 8. 1903.
The orogressive merchant insists that
his clerks present a neat appearance be
cause they represent his store and his
goods. He insists that his stationery pre
sent a neat appearance because it repre
sents his business. If we orint it vou wil
be sa'isfied. Phone one thousand.
S It r ,,
S,1
F irs I i-i S,'
La , ', i ý IýI < "H ii
'ile i t it e lie l ic . :ii , ii :
the principal front dii t i t" part
* .house of :' ldo par..h, it, t1 ity of
1 Shreveport. a., luring the 1 .1
for sales, on ,
SATURDAY. MAY ,;
the following de rnhl I r ri rt. to
wit: L.ot sixteen and 'l cnt 'cn (I10
and 17) of bloCk t1)" of the I a:ranat
Annex suhdivisio, , in ti',- tit
Shreveport, La., r. tar n t)) i i'
ance bo,.l< 22, ',170 I ,
office of ('alddi pa ri~h, lI
The `a.d "aile to bw m ,h ,'I I . H,,l
lowig ttrllm : Fir c l In'i, !
theren from F.1r ' ".
f per cent atto, rncy"s ft - , ý.";
owl int c "t,e a l l. -
and n terims; ( cf, dit I I(
eIruary . of . I
Fchvitni: the rinal tin irty _.. ao
Sheriff sal f cah, lr '.rit ih. La.
SNo. (74-Recc iver.hi) f f SIreee-uirt
Absnract and C :iar .on ie-v,, l cnt
Com1lpaniy.
SBy virtue of an orFir Faf is:dic' tA. i
theLand, Firt District CarnI, it-lrd ear
isthe Hon La.. will sell at licks. Jtin at
the courthouse, Shreveport. La., ,n
shall pURDAY. APt:RIL n, ac'ng,
at 12 h., the personal prhonrty of above
corpolration, as et forth in n in ent vry on
filed in above coortt.
Terms of sale cash, fr nect lc; than
r two-thirds appraised nval.
it . W. IARIY. Receiver.
MARSHIALS SALE.
No. 1675-James Riley ovn,; R. T. Scott
By virtue of a Fi Fa issuel to mc in
the above entitled and numtliercd case
by the Honorable C. 1). Iicks. Judige of
the y ity Court, Shreven ort, Fturth
. Ward Caddo Parish, La.. I have seized
Sand shall proceed to sell, according to
k law, within the legal hours fur sales, at
his late lace of tbusiness on Texas ;ve
nue. in the city of Shreveport, Li., on
o THURSDAY. APRIL 23, I903.
one lot of cr'ockeryware, glassware,
d tables, etc.
Terms of sale cash, subject to ap
r praisement.
t JAMES Ml. MARTIN, Marshal.
t April 12, 19o0,.
MARS11AL'S SALE.
No. 1380--A. H. Leonard, Geo. A. Wil
son and Heirs of W. W. Smith vs.
Y Jacob Ford.
SBy virtue of a Fi Fa issued to me in
d the above entitled and numbered case by
Sthe Honorable C. D. licks. Judge of the
n City Court, Shreveport, Fourth Ward
Caddo Parish, La.. I have seized and
shall proceed to sell, according oft law,
o within the legal hours for sales, on the
y premises in t wh is known as the Silver
e Lake district in the city of Shreveport,
a ,.a., .1
Exposition dedication ceremonies.
Irregularities
CHICAGO, ILL., 5902 Indiana Avenue, Sept. 25, 1902.
Wine of Cardui is anpeor to anything I have ever tried for irregularities. Three years ago Inoticed
that I became irregular butI paid little attention to it. Gradually the trouble became serious and affected
my general health. The fiow became scanty and very painful and I sought the doctor's aid. I soon found,
however, that hisprescriptions did not have thedesired effect and when a friend recommended Wine of Cardmu
I decided to try it and procured a bottle. It helped me at once and I felt greatly encouraged when I noticed
the change for the better. At my next menstrual period the pain was less and the flow better and within
f,.ur months I was perfectly well, regular and without pain.
This is over a year ago
and I have not suffered any .1
pains or trouble since. Ac
cept m. sincere thanks for 9 C
your emfcient remedy.
Because Wine of Cardui cures women so simply, so quickly and so effectively it is the favorite medi
cine of women today. This medicine brings women health and freedom from sickness by the most simple
process-Nature's own way.
While physicians examine and operate, Wine of Cardui works a cure without the humiliating pub
licity of an operation or the danger of the use of a knife.
Wine of Cardui strikes at the root of female trouble. It regulates the menstrual flow, making the
function regular and healthy, an aid to health instead of a menace. A profuse flow weakens the blood an.l
suppression poisons it. Wine of Cardui, by regulating the flow, giPes life and strength to all the generative
organs. Bearing down pains disappear and ovarian pains and weakness give way to health.
If you are suffering female weakness you should look after your case at once. All the organs are in
sympathy and you cannot tell what a simple case of irregularity will run into if you let it alone.
Go to your druggist today and secure a $1.00 bottle of Wine of Cardui. Take it in your home, in
private, and you will thank Miss Adams for her advice.
For advice in cases requiring special directions, address, giving symptoms, The Ladies' Ad
visory Department, The
Chattanooga Medicine Co.
Chattanooga, Tennessee.
I.