W. Waring
Phone 320.
Undertaker
and Dealers ii Fine
uilders
Hardware.
19 and 521 Edwards Street
WARING BUILDING.
ranteed Pocket Knives and
Scissor t.
} GLASS.
ters tools a specialty.
for Coffins attended to day
n e Deposits.
ANTS & FARMERS BANK:
TRUST CO., CORNER OF
NG AND TEXAS STREES,
VEPORT, LA.
gs deposits of the bank is
deservedly popular features.
,t the rate of three per cent
is allowed on all sums of
add .upwards remaining on
three or more calendar
e during the first three
any month, interest is allowed
, isits as if deposited on the
of the month. Interesit on all
withdrawn will be nayable on
.ys of February and August,
not then withdrawn is
.he principal thereby giving
compound interest.
may 'be made by marrie'
or minors, in their own
-.e given, denositors to
for a longer period
months ,draw a higher rate
savings deposits.
rt Turf
ge.
latest and most reliable
from the races
day at the
IANGE
and get the rsuit.
akea from reaonuible
SABE ,
pati . '
of an Dealer in
.Saddls,
Whips,
, ETC.
GE TRIMMING
ATTENDED To.
EAR COMMON.
RT, LA.
. SMI H.
and Counsellor
an Sripr street.
ad Federal
EME RON CENTENARY
ANNIVERSARY OF PHILOSOPHi: .-'
BIRTH TO EE OBSERVED.
His Old Hlonme In C(oncord. Mans... t
Be the Seene of a Great (>aitherinE
of Literary Person. ne.-T. 3 Pro
grer.ilne i"or th!e ilay.
S:),:.e:ill Corr'::i oi.,!, n,'- i
Cotv'ord. -M:SS., M,:'ari'-l .
tenllry fiV,:iiy of t bii ':'r:,' i
Ralph \V:Wthnk Em tur.on. wlhi.h v,::. I,
celebratid I )y literary so,:.irties tlhroii l.u -
out the ctountry on May 2., Iis ( dirc(t
ed the :attentionl of ill lovers of the
New Eunland poet and plilosopher to
this town of historic hapl,enings, where
he lived until his death in April, 1852.
The people of Concord are naturally
greatly interested in the approaching
anniversary, more especially because
here commemorative exercises on a
large scale will be held.
The morning will be given over to
the children, and services will be held
in the various public schools. To chil
COtRNER OF EMERSON'S LIBRARY.
dren of a larger growth this part of the
Scelebration will be especially interest
ing, reminding them as it will of the
day in 1873 when the boys and girls of
Concord turned out in force to welcome
the sage on his return from a visit to
Europe. Tile main function. however,
will take place at the First Parish
Meeting HIonse in the afternoon, when
there will be addresses by Professor
Charles Eliot Norton, Senator George
F. Hoar. Colonel Thomas \entworth
Higginson and Professor William
James of Harvard. In the evening
there will be a dinner, with a number
of the old friends of Emerson as guests
of honor.
The arrangements for the affair are
in charge of the Social circle, an organ
ization founded in 1782. of which Em
erson was a member for forty-three
years. The circle has but twenty-five
members, and only in case of a vacan
cy is a new member admitted. A- com
mittee consisting of Samuel Hoar, L.
B. Macdonald, Edward J. Bartlett. Wil
itam LI Eaton and Thomas L. Ellis has
charge of the programme for th~ day.
As a matter of course the hundreds
who will visit the city for the Emerson
centenary wIll wait to pay a visit to
the house in whichfi he did jo much of
his work. The old mansion stands at
the corner of the Lexington turnpike
and the Cambridge road and is now oc
capied by Miss Ellen Emerson, the po
et's eldest, daughter, who has been liv
ing there in retirement since the death
of her father, The house is practically
in the same condition as it was when
he passed away. It stands, some little
distance fromo the road and is half hid
den by a clhimp of pine trees. To the
right of the entrance is the library, in
which Emerson spent a great part of
his life, and. u0stairs is his study, a
esy little.oom.
Another hoost or interest in connec
tion with the poet Is the "Old Manse,"
made famous by Nathaniel Hawthorne.
This was built by the Rev. William
mersonea i 1765 and was Ralph Waldo
Uimerson's home for a number of years.
It was here that he wrote "Nature."
Sleepy Hollow cemetery will also be
a Mecea for centenary visitors, for it is
here that Emeisofsa grave will. be
found, as well as the graves of such
thber ilustrlous people satThoreau, the
Al otts and Nathaniel Hawthorne.
Emerson's resting place is marked by a
huge rose quarts bowlder, to which Is
ahxed a copper tablet Inscribed with
the date and place ot birth of the pht
lelosoer.
Concord has indeed been the home of
notables. A little way up Main street
stands the old dwelling place of Mar
garet Fuller, between whom and Em
ersn a wre friendship existed. She
was the editor of the DitN, a high e.s
literary and religions magasine Thiel
was establshed by- Emerson tn-'18e
Another house on the same street was
the boune f Willisam Monroe~ once one
Ot the gt men of CouCad.
has smany other interestting
randmarksh PCng the eemoeterf, one
ns as ·a. masuon which was iuw
as a bkshetusb at the' tiume of ang
bgap'. war. n :eibtagiens t4 is the
Wright toave, built in 1747, reputed
to `avte bey--the favorite _ Manking
place of itcPatrn, the ~gist ch&e.
Next tohe taern stands a church
bulst ao the plan of the old aoncwwod
eenai g housea, where the rart po .in
daitoagves of Gkseate5 from the
towns of Massachusetta oganlsed hin
Te, -oo, there is the fInou Con
coPdr bttleground, where was "fired
the ahot heard round the world" when
the satr oandet for American Inde-
pendence was begun. It is only a few
steps rom sthe old manse to the battie
ground, and townftolk tell the story
of hr 'Eeersen's grandmother held
hbpder a sp to the WIndow-Snd lie.
$I sph.": iriUM e o
A "CUT AND DRIED" CANDI
I)ATE.
From thl!e '.'- s ! ..rs tetr: 1:,,r
- twc .. . > f'.e ,' . l, the i"a ir.
Ther ie i one ti.i:g as sire as i ate, and 1
..cut and dried" and will carry the day I t
in a walk unless the people deman; a t
say and demand it in time. The first t
thing the people are aware of, should C
they be too prone to slumber, a conven- i
tion will be upon them, and everybody
knows what that means.
To nip the thing in the bud clamor a
for a white primary, a chance for the
people, then the people will have some
show to' dictate.-Richland Beacon. i
It will not be questioned that certain
individuals in this State will dominate C
and perpetuate themselves or their suc
cessors in office, if the people are allured t
into fancied security, or, when aroused
and urged to action, neglect or fail to
manifest and to exercise the power they
possess and can wield for the better
ment of the State. It will be conceded
that the people being more or less occu
pied with their affairs, business or agri
cultural, are unlike the office-holders
and have little time and inclination to
scheme politics. The politician, the !
ma:n who has been fattening at the pub
lic crib and never tires of his feeding.
is always on the alert, always schentig
to m'aintai, himself in his "soft job,'
Sand would naturally 'stand in" with the
-ide which he beliei, s nmay coltribte tc
to his holding on to his job, but this 1
sautie politician will he easily persuaded
to change his base and be with the peo
ple if thepoe peop!e wi insit o their
rights. The question cr issue in the
campaign which nmus.t engage attention 1
nmust he for either office or for prin
ciples. If for office, then let every one
scramble and get the most of it; but if I
it be for principles, then let the de
ntu.nds for principles he clegr and well d
defined. We assert that the major
ity of Democrats who vote are opposed
to the nomination of a governor or t
other officers by a "cut and dried" con
vention in which the "cut and dried"
candidates are foisted on the people who
may be damned if they do not approve '
the' program, and being opposed to con
ventions will favor the nnminations by
a Democratic piimary election. It may I
also be asserted that the great majority
of Democrats who vote are in favor of
the return of all political power to the I
people which is now vested in the Gov- 1
ernor by appointment, through which f
his power is greater than that -of any
governor of any State of the Union, and f
no Democrat who is opposed to the
present system of appointments and of f
"cut and dried" conventions should de
clare himself' in favor of any gentleman,
candidate for governor and other offices,
who shouldi not announce manfully his
views and attitude on these questions.
No man should be nominated and elect
ed for governor who is opposed to the
return of all power to the people.
The Cotton Belt Route will sell round
trip tickets to Los Angeles and San
Francisco on May 3, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16,
17 and x8, at rate of $47.0o, on account
of General -Assembly of Presbyterian
Church and National- Association of
Master Plumbers of the United States.
All tickets limited to July 15 returning.
It costs ino more to have good station. I
cry for your busjness than the poor kind.
The good kind is the kind we do. I
Irregularti and Nervousness
Thi. Testimony of 1.5O0,000 Cured Women Connnrmed by
MIS. EMILIE DAHNORTI, 253 Thirty-Second Street. Chicago,
Vic-~President Woman's Indian Assoclatlos.
Omo.eo, 1s, ept m3, 105.
' 'fi fr to ese Imew of the poeme of Wine of Odu for female tr s. It tees tb.pleas of a doetor
aL r. I oalrd ea I of v.a ar rvoel w I felt a "s al
wife is gieally the cry of distroessem some sering mother, racked with unstrung nerves caused by irregular men
stuation, bearing down pans or some other form of female weakness that is making her not herself. Household
cares neveri from the h~et the. r of anguish that the torture of bearing down pains do.
It is .weaknes that is kill so many mothers. It is sad to see sweet tempered and loving mothers be
,nghd, si , cross sad erv.a.s unlovely crestures when even their nearest relatives and dearestfriends never
o not de ess and its power to rush woman's life. Mrs. Danforth knows about
.it and wrote this letter to show sick, tired, tired, nervous and worn out women the way to health.
" She has shown you that Wine of Cardui is the best and surest medicine to take to secue health. You
oweit to your family and friends to secure health. You can have health by taking Wine of Cardui. Why not
egin now? There is no better time. There is nosurer way. Wine of Cardua imparts health and strength to
the female organism. This relieve the nerves of strain and tension. This medicine eliminates
-bearing down pains. It banishes the last traces of irritation of the membranes and maintains regularity
in the menstrual flow..
M P.00 bottls WINEOCARDUI
"IATGFTERS -OF DAII;
Foul ' ,a ..
Ni 9rlon;, A '. I L.- ::- r': ::
e for the C(:.f::14erat- re':. w:.
begz:: May :I, are now "v
Ii way. Everyv oidy is ta:°:ng :l ,- .
s there is Tn doubt about tt.e succe= -:
vI this the gr: atest reunion ever held .:i
a the south A number of novel tea
t tures wilI be introduced Each state
d division will have a band preceding it
in the parade.
y Fourteen young ladies of the high
est Confederate standing will ride in
r a beautifully decorated tally-ho at the
e head of the parade and be known as
e heralds. They will be dressed entire
ly of white, and will have banners
n denoting the state they represent and
coats of arms of the states w:ll be
wrought in flowers on the sides of the
d tally-ho. The states have already
d been asked to name the young ladies.
o They will be accompanied in the tally
ho by a New Orleans sponsor as hos
tess. The tally-ho will be preceded
d by the Memphis Bugle Corps of forty
five pieces, composed of young society
men, who have been training for the
purpose.
The reunion parade will form at St.
Charles avenue, with the right at
Melpomene and extending around Lee
circle into Howard avenue, Camp
street and Canal street, and will move
g around Lee circle, down St. Charles
street and to Canal, wacre it will dis
e perse after passing around that mag
e nificent sti eet. No place in the
is United States has better facilities for
viewing a parade. Reservatc.a for di
vision and department commanders
ir and their soonsors ana maids, etc.,
e have been made at the St. Charles
11 hotel. Empty houses will be sceured.
- and cots, pillows and sheets furnished
for uniformed veterans who desire
beds, and uniformed companies will
be entettained in tents and at the fair
grounds. There will be plenty of
11 room and no extra charges, and all
_ veterans who desire will he fed gratis.
The information bureau is getting
d hundreds of houses listed where visit
>r ors will find rooms. The decorations
, will be unusually fine.
MANY AT WORK.
1ver Two Theusand Men Strengthentng
the Levee at Hymeila.
New Orleans, April 2.-Cheering in
formation of the practical 'completion
of the cribbing came from Hymelia.
All night long large forces of men
prosecuted the work of driving and in
terlacing scantling, and at 9 o'clock
this morning the last stakes were
being hammered in the batture to join
the tVo wings interlining the break
In the levee. Contrary to all tradi
tions in crevasse closing, those in
charge have been sacking at the base
of the crib work as lines were extepd
ed, and, contrary to expectations, this
has had the effect of holding the work.
No trace of weakness has become ap
parent and there has been a heavy
fall of water on the inside of the levee,
shoving how materially the discharge
has been reduced. Two thousand men
are at the scene.
A multitude were engaged in filling
sacks.
The river herb marked 20.1, and was
stationary.
Details confirming the break at An
gola have been received. The crevasse
is 200 feet wide, and the entire island.
with the exception of a few acres upon
which camps are located, is under from
three to fifteen feet of water. The
new levee protects these and a large
force of convicts are ngaged trying to
hold it.
FIGHT IN FRISCO.
Jefrie, aidI (~,rit r , t \t! MIr-t at Cali
~:- ~' ' - .~! :Tv ha - I s
nr: i,,ll: orn cr h fre a
p!riti pa' - .1 mlake election and r
g:: . :1.... .- l : in the m-n':n:
Small ioty.
Littl- Rork. Ark.. April 3.-A speci
al to the Arkansas Gaze:'e from New
port says: The little town of Cottcn
Plant. forty-five miles south of here.
on the White and Black river branch
of the Choctaw, was visited by a band
of safe blowers, who burglarized the
depot, express office, postoffice and
the office of Dr. R. R. James. At the
last named place the safe was cracked
by means of explosives, but only $6
was secured. Very little booty is
thought to have been secured at any
of the four places.
Banker Charged WVith Larceny.
Boston. Mass., April & 3.-Edward
Dunning, a State street banker, has
been placed on trial in the Suffolk su
perior court charged with larceny of
$25.000 from the estate of Francis A.
Brooks, who died last September.
Attempted to Shoot Prisoner.
Anniston, Ala., April 3.-Jack Cobb.
the negro who was convicted of as
saulting Mrs. Linda Williams, was
given a life sentence. While being
transferred to jail from the court
house, I-H. T. Pusons. superintendent of
education, father of Ms. Williams, at
tempted to shoot the prisoner. F'a:
ing trouble, the negro was taken to
Talladera. and from there to the state
peniteatiary at Wetumpkna.
Squadron ýoonii aiO.
Mob'ile. Ala., Apr:i 3.-A specialn!
from Pensacola, Fla., says Rear Ad
miral Higgincon has isued orders for
the battleshi:is cf the North AtXant!"
squadron to sail from that port Apri! .
2') fir southern drill grounds, which
are about twenty miles east of Cap i
Henry. They are due to arrive t::
April 27. and will be reviowed by A:
miral Dewey on or about May 1.
Due to .I0ai lVhiiky.
6eattle. Wash., April 3.-Daniel Mc
Cauley. crazed by whisky,. attacked a
crowd of men in a saloon here with .a
revolver. James Clark and William
McLaughlin were fatally wounded by
shots from McCauley's weapon, and an
unknown man received a serious
wound from the same source. An offi
'-er twice shot McCauley, who may not
recover.
Valuable Calf.
Utica. N. Y., April 3.-Henry Stevens I
of Laconia, N. Y., has paid $4000 for a
nine weeks old bull calf The mother '
i of the calf is Sadie Vale Concordia,
holder of the world's seven and thirty I
day records for milk and butter pro
.duction. The sire i Beryl Wayne, a
prizt-winning bull. t
Shamrock III Speedy.
Gourock. Scotland, .pril 3.-In the I
third trial the Shamrock III showed
great ability in cross tacking, in a
half hour's sailing defeating Shamrock
I by four minutes. With the spinna
ker run down to the wind, the chal
lenger led Shamrock I after the lat
ter had one minute start.
Gone to Copenhagen.
Kiel, April 3.-Emperor William
embarked on the imperial yacht Ho
henzollern and accompanied by two
cruisers sailed for Copenhagen, amid
salutes from warships.
NEWS IN BRIEF.
Union painters of Dalla7 are now re
ceiving $3.20 per day.
President Ripley of the Santa Fe de
nfes his road and the Rock Island have
merged.
At Fort Worth Armour & Co. paid I
$5.50 per 100 pounds for forty-one head
of sheep. -
A Frisco engine and three cars were
ditched near Brownwood. Eleven cars
left the track.
SHERIFF'S SA.E.
No. 8o(3-In First J 1i't.1 I iict
,: (eourt of (Cald r ':~r I :
the f ýil . i,, , r .
he i i i ,' "'
Conno, enr i l.' . at t,-i '.
ont theh '.orth I. i r
sixty feet to the s ! ir,". : l. lce
east ninetd feel ; thence n",'i IvT
hundred and sixty feet, t the said
road, thence west ninety feet to
place of beginning, with all hliidings,
and improfments thereon, lec that
portion exchanged with E. C. Fl1nagan
and less that portion sold to F. F. Gill,
as per deed of record in the clerk's of
fice of said parish. Also the following
described property, to-wit: Beginning at
the southeast corner of a lot formerly
owned by J. J. Kingsmore 5o feet S. 85
E. of S. E. corner of the Davis hotel
lot, a stake in the center of the Shreve
port and Grand Bluff road, thence with
center of said road N. 85 E. 465 yards to
a stake in road; thence north 173 1-2
yards to stake: thence south 8.5 VW.
03 I-2 yards to a stake in east boundary
line of land owned by J. M. Trosper and
Davis heirs with said east boundary line
S. 88 I-6 yards the N. WV. corner of the
above named i-3 acre lot a stake thence
with the north boundary line of i'id lot
E. I62-3 yards a stake thence wi h east
boundary line of -aid lot F:: t-2 yards to
a place If heginning, cont:,inirg 2 acres
of lan:d, txccpt the fo!!,wing p(,r'ions
f -,il 2 acre., whichl wa- expre( -. re
(r ed hl 1. I. . M ire a: d i dc-c ied as
f llc s: PRegi;ninngi at S. E. morn;r a
t':ce thence' ,,I feet v1c5t. 'ynice 235
f,-et in rt1:1, tl'c cc -!i feet c:, .t. t1.:'incc
2.1 fe t f or ):th to plinec ,f 1 esli:n..ing
hei r .a fet fo"t an i f-c' in
lenc.th. ,.1:h all hoildin.s and machin
cr" a}ndi !1111r'":' mntn'll s <:id ,iri per ty.
Ti Le . :'C , v, t -rop rty i i : e ti ;ci - 1 ,
m ilt of -, b1 m ,,rt . ':gtr :'re h(a,_tat .
ef1 , , t h e a ! , e r r- - c, I , b . ' ow l d
v.rit in t' ý -ui n .f thirty--e;r e h ':i 'red
'lirsq P lii { ,i' nor c Ci o..r E'T' ,,
civ ie h - 'i Odeni to -"! \ i iter
and all c,.'. .f : t!is sul . 'incli '. five
petr clt u r. eys fes (11 aboyev
S. T. 'VA-D.
h-' ; c.i , f C'o dt P'ri ",, L o::i ian .
Ca1e:;c i'tan. March 8, !r ,3.
TUITORSHIP SALE.
'Stat" of ILouisiana. Parish of C(ddo:
" 'Tutorshin (f the minors. T. E. and
D. 0. lHarris.
SB virtue cf a c,,mmission to 1me di
rected from thl" Honorable the District
Court in and f'r said parish and State,
I will sell the minors' interest,
Sbheing an undivided one-half interest
in lot twenty-one (21) in block one (I)
r of the Howard Cole addition to the city
of Shrevenort, on the terms orescribed
by a family meeting, viz.: For cash for
not less than two-thirds of its appraised
value, and I will also sell my half on
the same terms, the whole lot being of
fered at once. The sale is made to pay
debts and will be made at the court
house door in the city of Shreveoort on
I Anril the sith at 12 o'clock m.
DUNCAN C. HARRIS, Tutor.
L Caucasian, March 8, 1903.
RECEIVERSHIP SALE.
No. 6874-Receivership of Shreveport
Abstract and Guarantee Investment
Company.
By virtue of an order of Judge A. D..
- Land, First District Court, Caddo Par
ish, La., i will sell at public auction at
the courthouse, Shreveport, La., on
SATURDAY, APRIL 12, 1I03,
at 12 m., the personal property of above
corporation, as set fortlh in inventory on
file in above court.
Terms of sale cash, for not less than
two-thirds appraised value.
C. W. HARDY. Receiver.
The progressive merchant insists that
I his clerks present a ieat appearance be
cause they represent his store and his
goods. He' insists that his stationery pre
sent a neat appearance because it repre
sents his business. If we print it you will
be sa'isfied. Phone one thousand.