CHAUTAUQUA
ChattauquR's Thira Week - A
Large Attendance
Delightnfl Occasions This
Week
The Red wetter day of the third weak
was the 17th, on which occasion Col It
ieasuate of Shreveport made the annual
¶ address.
Be was lntroduced by Col J W Niehol
son of the State Univerrlty, who, most
approl rlately and beautifully sai':
"The speaker tntered the Louisiana State
University in 1890, aid graduated from
that great institution in 1914 His career
se a student was as unlge as it was bril
liant. No other cadet of that splendid
school ever did so much Ps he to awaken
and strengtten the college spirit among
the students. Tue organisation and
growth of the oadet brass band, the cadet
Glee club, and the base and toot ball
teams, in all of which he was a leader, are
uoe most largely to his e florts and services.
At the same time his standing n all bhis
subjects of study was exceptionaliy high.
Wnen the dread tooesin of war was
sounded, although a very young man, he
was elected to the high and respoLsibl
position of lieutenant-colonel of the
Flrst Leuisiana Regiment, and served in
the Cuban war in that capacIty. Hence it
is with great pleasure that I now present
to you 0el 3 (i Pleasant, of Bhreueport."
Tne tellowinogetraots from Col Pleas
sat's able address will be read with
tatmrest:
The Splrit of Commerclalism." It over.
obldows sad dominates everything else.
t Is the bhed of the Republio, and almost
Ita heart. It loats cn all the rivelr aid
e0sa; it rdes o all the railroads; it flashes
on every wire; It teems on every street
and higlway; J shirts, elmbs, tunnels or
topples down the everlasting hills and
acuntals, and thrusts Its disseOtig
qbldes deep down Ilat the body of old
earth. verywhbere we see the evidesaee
of ecamorolalism and hear the e.
and bum cf business. In our legislative
tolls, State or atioesal, the ways and
aness eoslittes and bills of a commer
elal ebareter take preoedence. * 5 -
8peoulatoes is rile, capital is organ.IsIg
Into oltadels of dllance; lortunes are made
s the twinkling of an eye, and mlsfeforlu
*weeps them away In an instant; the born
of the bull and the teeth of the bear are
aLasehIg, elashirg and tearinlg throughout
the whole country i their gory and laer.
inable Igh'; today the clear kle sand
the full-orb sun of prosperity iset ever
the market, but tomorr w the tempests
Lather and the sigsag lightaings and
, ..Auaunlteaoe thunders of contrary and
epeoulsavt elemeats lash and burst into
4at exeshages and brings thousands eo
unfortunate men to the ftet of se0n
mlghty masey god, who stands high above
the sems asd forges hLs bolts as Valean
of old. W by le it that this astlen's repr.
ai.tatve asi, whe, one h.mOred years
age wae esetially the shelar and patriot,
de tesyt the bsisees man ? " * * Are
we degeneratnlg as an eduoeted and po
tltical eommunty, or are we unaonscoloul
advanelmg to a higher and greater position
than ay atie has yet resehed In the
orel's hi.try y And mid all of this
reose of rapid ollgaisatles, sembia.
toes, dlsevery. Iaveaties and t dsvel.
.ep t at material thinge, where stands
Is ohe0.lar, the arte, the phlseeephsr ?
Woere a ass who seeks purely the abstraet,
he sethise, the .eal I might esy that
.Iiqr tl. I ur · 5.r'!'
Tb. arlae whise prodaes ho. b has a. c
SM aUrtvd Ia this eaUary, bul I earn Om
" Ssly asser that their aelal day Is sear
at head. * * We have as represeastiv.
- t iday Mrgans lastead 1 Heoary,
BM e uller1 lastead of Jetereas, Vander
Mhis Imatead of Medihsas., MHanss instead
. Drat hlraks Mokial.sA Insead of Wakh
. tmless sad so ae throuaghet the whole
Asm at himusa edervor. * * * A
sreas but honattal spirit of oomorotal
M sheoud aet be dearlod but uphold. The
peled St ofr halsry is see resoLed ahon
WO shwuled tak advantae t ouar great
astasal wealth, oar bues t esprit de
se and our eiel wtia emergi. We
a ga.. mwtg ad to gr.lWg thore la
a .ays bo be ueand a ploaulde of vigor.
.4 .oteeg l.es, like a etreeg men, is a
lower etk er der pad or for ml, sad
w~a t"emokeoleoom with ai : not that
aermmmtegt shall be exerted, but how it
:.. be diaoe. Ceetroloed sad support
aby a etlaa sad emasoesaslous public
to upblldag of ou eur bueleose
ahJedsM thors adl .8 oztoeise had Ia
Mas abread will a.rd a ameaa by
'~Y i. ighsr aid a b.ter olvllsastae
. milts qselsbly oyew.
9oe do thY rlgt thiag tor right's sake is
r ipear 1 tIa moral lteadanot thea
.4athl.sg . easme we wish it to be
dooe ate us. " I ist
air uzt or sohlmre a whatever or.
thrsp 3n be engage to Reite as
ot.he beso olemowa l*teour
i tare Sor e purpeas ofS to
- lm aeSural euM e thea right doos
t malth ao os might, bs that
Iendler Reayv r the nadv meas
3ese4 isia wisel eam hearoably
o domns ~ed poww.,
a Amerm a omnaoally l sea
baMsAI oequgaled oily by 8wltar.
umshp, yot the usme are oat
Srhe -prmdesesa o meaepar.l.
m Omeraben 1o upe us sad
A .be- shaped. Whatevor ai
S uulSag quesesa is a satlo
s ofM the aton, t thoe
of aM atese, Heao*
vltd day sno tureed to
of tes higher arts aad
sea the world witneosed tI
ad sue flhsibetbe as
d 0 aterel drevel.
Iditso tko hmiarlns.o
e qinmeo e ol moeoeela_
*1 -~msr
-~ ":l
HUMPHREYS'
W TERIN SPECflCS
A. A.i P VERS. Conestlomn. Ina..nsm.
l tions. Luna Fever. Milk PFevr.
B. H. APRA .N. Lnameness. Injuries.
cU I Rheumatslem.
c' C. I ORE THROAT. Quinsy. Esilooti
cra .S Distemper.
I. I WORMS. Dots. Grubs.
E. . COUGIIH ('.ld. Influenza. Inname
o u.rs g Lan, Pleuro.Pneumnont.
: ('OIt.('. ~.llyaehe. WVin$-Blown.
( ai 5 Piarrhea, Ul)aetery.
G.*; Prevents MISI'AIRlIAGE.
H. H. KIDNEY & BLADDER DISORDERR
1. I. SKIN DISEASES. Manse. Eruptloa
coas Ulcers. Grease. tarry.
J. K. DBAD ('ONDITION. Staring ('ot.
crs landlgestion, btomach ktaggers.
6So. each; Stable Case, Ten Specifies. Book. &ee., M
At druggists or selt prepaid on receit ot prloe.
Humphreys' Medicine Co., Cot. WillIam r Jobs
Stn.. ew York. VrrtNuIr.T MAJUAL 8cST Faze
NERVOUS DEBILITY,
VITAL WEAKNESS
and Prostration from Over
work or other causes.
Humphreys' Homeopathte SpecifiO
.'o. 28, .n use over 40 years, the o.ly
successful remedy.
$1 per vial.or special package with powder,ftoe
baid by Bruaglsts, stor po.t poet paid a. rceipt of pris
gt'raasn i ias ca.. c.a. w~a a tJos stB. -c. s
Following this will come the cycle of the
scholar, when the material foundation is
firmly and thoroughly laid through the
efiorts st o. muetolal and practical science
upon it will be reared an educational su
perstructure with columns mote stately
than the pillars of Karnak. with a frieze
more eloquent than the Parthenon's pride,
with statuary more dazzling than the
the chryselephantlne with paintings
more beautiful than Parrhula's deceptive
Yell and with a dome amlingq to the mar
velous St Peter Itself.
So Iwoutd impress upon us all that it is
our duty to work to thIs great end, step by
step, until the seven wise nations of the
Old Wcrld shall behold a nawl.star in the
Wsetern skies, radiant and fascinating in
the zenilth of its glory, guiding them on
and on to an earthly destiny without prece
dent nl history, and remaining forever and
forever the peerless lord of the auosendant
A Welcome to Mrs real Lowvethal
Mr and Mrs I Lowenstein and oharming
daughters of Waco, Texas, entertained al
their nviting home on Austin avenue,
Thursday night, is honor o Mrs Paul
Lowenthal Iof hreveport, La.
Jap lanterne lit up the velvety lawn, is
one oornor of whleh Miss Bella Lowenst·e
preesided over the punch bowl.
In the parlors Meedames SBabe and
Baslt and Mirs Lowenstein gave sma
pleasing vocal seletions.
There was quite an animated questle:
oontest in whioh M ss Emma Beer came od
vitorious. Later tets a tote tables were
pisend here and there and delicious re
trehmeate served.
Besides the home fblts there were quite
a namber of out of town guests who en.
joyed the Lowenstein hospitality, amoen
them being: Mrs Paul leowethal, Shreve
eort, La; Misses ay and Sybal Ztdiag
Mesdames Seligman, Fort Worth; Jacobs,
Houston; Spesgne, Vi&keburg; Bassti
Baltimore; Leadman, Whltaey.-Waco
TexI, TImes-Hlerald, July i.
Boys Camslag e Jose's Bayou.
The boys eo the vested oholr of St Mark's
-pas.opai hareh loet eo Thursday eve
ag oa an onuting about Gum Bprlngs
whiek is ahbot .hve miles p Joeem'
Bayou. The party ios e dhargaotl Rev
Mr bpearlng, nad reached their doetina
tlon from ALaieas, a staUtio of the Kanss
OLty Seuther, above Moorlagsport. The
party left with all the equipmese essential
for regular camping. W hoe the boys
returm from their two week's outiag, one
and all, no doubt, will have marvelous
Sih sterise to tell, with perhape some
exoperlece with a "bar" and a wild eat or
some other varmat whlih may be sees now
and thea about Jnem's bayou,
sea
On Wednesday nght, July 17, Miss Julia
Ogden, the handsese and aeoempllohed
daughter of Hes Harry W Ogden, sad Mr
J Crter Dietuon, a worthy gentleman,
were married in the Metaedlet ehurch Is
Benton. Mr sand Mrs DieLkoe left Thur
day for BQialo and will be gone on their
bridal tour several weeks.
Dr sad Mrs t AIlray and Mr W FrTy
or sad wife and shildrea have gone to
Bufale and will recreate on Casau. before
reaurTain home.
Go W itf Buter and wife have returned
hame from a delightful visit to relattles
and friends in Alabama. Col aHuner's
may frienad are pleased to note his Im
proveomet In health.
rersnosal.
Arrivals at Chbauuqua past week from
Shreveport: Mrs Mr Smith, Mr 1Sidney
Smith, Mr Zugene Wharton. Col 8 G
Pleswats, Miss Aune Motor, Mr Peroy
Alexander, Mr Will Smith, Mass Zthel
PerrooreL
The Meadelsha Quartette has bees
delighting Ckhatanquane the pat week.
PFrday alght Wear Jeywood gave hie
splesidl#perseatleon of Bea uar, with
tarweptlefas views of that thrilling period
la h.st or
The aorastesas for the fourth sad last
week will o oqual to the bet gives at
any Chautauqua.
Al e lanina eartwell %an will deliver
her leeture oe the Pasglos Play Monday
Rights the glad; .the e 4 Ooear eywoed
will deliver his oeture so l hasaeter and
Charasetertsttea."
G.e John B Qoude. will lesters the
On the Sth, ress Da,, the lelwiage
prngramme wilt b earried ost
Asdiorinm, 11 a m.
Addresses of Greetln sad Mepeass.
The (batry Newspaper--e Speneer,
Meduses Joearal.
The Lolese of the ditor and of the Be
pSter--oerman Walker, Tmeoe-Dsmoera.
elates of the Preo to oo*d Mead. -
lam Joe Dased, Leeulm•a Piuater.
Y~Te Preae-Aas esglneal poem, Miss
a" a6Ms DeShrs Olef.
et Deasb swsat o - hisbs, ase I.
the eity on a visit, being the gueete of Mrs
C A Alston.
Mrs 8 Stormer and her eons. Carl and
Frank Stormer, are rusticating at Rose
borough Springs.
Miss Rosa ),llenberker is Ihome again,
after a pleasant Visit to R,sehoroubh
Sprioan. Rhe has a most sstiseactory poos
tion now at the Postal teleraph office.
Miss Loulse Rule is in Kentucky visiting
relatives and friends.
Mrs Kandall Hunt and children are at
Canton--io the mountains of North Caro
lina, where they will spend the summer.
lHappiness in Marriege
Picayune Women's World.
People's ideas on married happiness
vary so amazingly that it is Impossible to
prescribe for anyone but one's selt, still
there are some necessary oonditions that
should exist in every home, writes Mrs
S Carpenter in the American Queen.
Community rf taste and diversity of
temperament are usually considered the
best basis for happiness in marriage, Oc
cupation there must be and thought and
consideration for the happiness of others,
The joys of a ;ar.y and self-centered mat
rtmoaial partnership soon pall. Marriage
is a partnership and one of the necessary
conditions of its continued amicable ex
istence is mutuel confldence, a confdence
so insured that unworthy suspicions can
not arise between the partners of the
matrimonial firm.
Another necessary condition to happi
ness to married life, to my thinking, ie a
suffoleoit income. Ne man should ask the
woman be profesues to love to becoire hie
wife until his salary insures his ability not
only to support a home, but to lay some.
thing aside for unlooked for oontingencies
or the inevitable rainy day.
Among the necessary factors for happi
aeelsn married lhe, comfort is very im.
portent. Man is more material than
woman and creature comforts are as
neaesary to hie happlnees as praise and
apprecietion are essential to the woman.
Mutual respect is another fsaetr that Ag.
ure largely in married happines. Men
oeverlook much In the woman they marry,
a ad when they entrust her with their
name and th.blr fertune they ask but one
fulfllment of the contraet-taithfulaess.
To insure happiness in married IIfe don't
expect too mach; don't land fault with the
Sbiessige already vouchsafted, and don't
I wish for the impossible. We are oontinual
ly wishiag for sombethag we do not poe
I soee, and that is, I think, the spirit which
Sspoile eistence for meet of us, for when
we do become possessors of that for whioh
I we have sought long and diligently, the
osseseesion often brings satiety. In mar
i nags this is especially so, and this i one
of the reasons why married life is not so
happy as it should be, anda the reason of
this is that the exoltement is over, that the
nr~ enmm nrAe an r-nnumma
That the glamor and romance of a man's
o vTo for a woman ends with marriage sto
by no means true. but after the honeymoon
is over marrtage become the ordinary affair
it usually is, and In my belief this fault
principally lies with the woman. As soon
as the marriage ceremony is concluded
she is far too prose to put away Irem her
all disguise. It is no longer eooeosary, she
tbinks, to show her husband only her beet
side, her most attrective manners. and
tus sh e loees the Veneration wh'ek is her
strongest hold upon him.
Marriage to a woman is the ripenalng o
her womanhooI, and no Joy oan equal that
completion of a woman's existence as a
marriage with a man she leves. She goes
to the alter sweet and fair and true,
hoping all things and believing all things.
To husband and wife who leoe each
other nothing comen amise. They may
both be called upon to tlra difficules
but when these dmoultlee can oe met
hand in hand and hears to heart, they do
not seem so dimoolt to bear.
Every woman should hold her husband
through llsf as a lover. The only reoipe
likely to acoomplish this end is a thorough
knowledge of his liese and dislikes, and an
understanding nature that grasps his
words sand if ossible oomprehends their
There can not be two heads to a nouse
hold and in the house the man sheould die
tate 1th pollcy and the woman should
administer that polioy ooasiseatoy. She
should, before mairlage, be trailed for her
peaoiein as housewife. Upon entering
married life the man should let his wife
understand exaotly his position and make
her sme for herself the outside margin of
expenditure he can afford, sad what her
allowanoe itoe be; then if the wife enters
the situation fully eelightened, one item
of future frlotion is removed; and given a
right minded women she will never exceed
her allowance, ev*n by a dime's expendi
tnre. A wife should never waste her hue
band's hard earnad income. This is merely
a matter of business and to her credit that
she grasps its obligations.
hThe prinelpie of Insuring happlaness is
the same l marriage as in all relatiuo
ships. iSme people are perfectly happy
and contented among oenditions that
would be direst dlterss sad misery to
another. Temperseent counts for much;
a happy dispoesdon sount tfor more.
Marriage has i: ostgations as well as
ts joys, and the girls of today who will be
the wive of tomorrow should be taught
that marriage' has these obligations. In
wedded life two souls are to be saved or
lIot, to ay nothbing ofl the ehildren who
may seme to sanctify the bond, and the
girl whO becomes a wife must be as hon
tIable in aocepting thse obligations of
married Ile as a man is xzpocted to no in
his business sfrlrs. When a man places
himself sad his future an the halds of the
woman he love, san in return should noet
only bethoe angel of the home, but the
guardian of his fortune and future. She
should be capable and abnolately upright
in the fulillment of her part of the son
trasL
alop.
Whet you want: money, Are insur.
anee, bonds, life inaurance, real estate
.alidemt insursace or building sad
ona stock see W C Agursr, lath
Cooper Brilding.
MORE ABOUT SHIRT WAISTS
Neat and Comfortable Attire Fe r
Men as Well as Women.
[Special Correspondence.]
NEtw Yo;,;~. July 15. -ltefore saying a
word to woiiiu I wvi.h to congratulate
thei lmen upon the coI.mrge they are
s[how,'ing in the ullr:tter * f vwearing a
sensilble and nolinfortale shlirt waist in
detlanc('e of trnltion vlimh s.avs that a
man must wear the hottest and most
un nlllfrtallle' of )oats a mii Vests in the
torrid days of .m: nmer. The sihirt waist
for meu is neat aId co'(l looking, and
no lman can look n'eat or aittrl('tive in a
hea:vy (oat that (,sends the pIrspiration
oullt of evlry (lion to e a tralp for the
duNt. Ni;m-te'nthms of the nervous irrita
tion of ren' du'r;,g the hot days Is due
to the awful sulTe'rings of the old re
gime. Mon gave up w\villlngly to their
adoption of the shirt waist, and why
now should they think it at all neces
suiry to ask a w.oiman to exculse them
for weanring a shirt waist in their pres
ence? Nine out of ten do this. and I
think it Is wrong. If they feel that It is
advisable to wear a shirt waist, then
they should not apolt;ize for It. But
every man't should wear one and look
his very best, and all the sensible wo
men will admire them more than ever,
though that i nalmost superfluous. The
trouble is that we all admire the men
too) much as It Is, even when the
streaks of suffering are penciled with
no unsparing hand on their faces and
necks.
But, nil johing aside, the new shirt
waists for men are extremely neat and
pleasant to look at. They are made of
madras and other wash material, and
all that I have seen up to now are in
modest and unobtrusive patterns. They
are considerably fuller in the back and
have con'"entent little pockets and are
altogether the right thing in the right
place at the right time. But no one
should profane the shirt waist by wear
Ing suspenders with It, only a belt, and
this seems to hold In some occult way
by m'ans oistraps. Thus the garment
is as dressy as a woman's shirt waist,
and, being so cool and so handsome for
the purpose, we should all congratulate
the men on so much good sense. And if
any man feels that any women looks
askance at his cool waist let him re
member that It is another case of "the
woman tempted me, and I did eat," for
woman started the style, we all know.
There is no end to the new designs In
the finest of sheer shirt waists, though
those for every day are mostly on one
general plan, but the thin ones have all
manner of dainty fancies In which em
broideryand lace figure and ribbon have
a part. But, whatever the style, there
is always more or less tucking. Tuck
Ing has reached the stage of fine art,
and one finds It in diagonal lines, cross
ones and in chevron form besides the
regular up and down fashion. Some
times we find all the ways of setting
tucks in one garment, and In between
these are insertions of lace or fine em
In the illustration one sees some of
the possibilities in the way of these ar
rangements. One is of sheer linen lawn
white as snow, and on the waist and
bertha there is a vermicelli pattern of
pale sage green baby ribbon. This is
also put on the sleeves. The guimpe
part is simply tucked. Ribbon forms
quite a part of the fine and sheer mus
lin waists, and they frequently have
lace insertions between the rows of fine
tuckings and the ribbon woven through
the holes. In pale blue, yellow, pink
and green this style is extremely fetch
LAsR strigo tI 811r wAi.A.
ing. Narrow black velvet ribbon is also
employed for the purpose. Another
waist is shown where the waist itself
is tucked finely, and every tuck is hem
stitched, which gives it a lightness not
to be obtained any other way. There
are openwork lines, and through these
the ribbon is run. Over all is a bolero
of the same material, but richly edged
with fine Russian embroidery. A large
bow is made of the same and tied in
front. The sleeves may be bishop,
though these In the illustration have
elbow puffs. The preferred style of
sleeves is the bishop, with the balloon
next. Elbow sleeves are also great fa
vorites with many ladies, mostly those
whose wrists are pretty.
Still another thin white shirt waist is
made of washable Japanese silk, white
and thin. There are three clusters of
tucks of three in each, and these reach
from top to bottom. The front is deeply
bloused, and all the front is covered
with an application of fine black chan
tilly lace, and this extends up to the
neck. The sleeves are cut straight and
open at the bottom to allow puffed un
dersleeves, and these are covered with
the lace. The undersleeve is made of
silk mull.
With these fine waists no collars are
needed, for the lace is so arranged as to
form one, but the cotton, chambray and
mercerized waists all have collars of
linen or'at least of pique with a cellu
loid support in the front. Some prefer
the stiffly starched collars with little
black bowknots, but there are an infi
nite number of soft and dainty white
mull and lace ties, some edged with
lace-and others simply bound with col
red lawn. OLtsY a R aa
THINGS OF SUMMER.
CRAVATS, SHIRT WAISTS AND ODDS
AND ENDS OF THE TOILET.
Ilnalln the Materinl of the I)ny For
Everyliotly - Tailor Talretam With
harrow Veveet Flouner. - White
Shirt. tool and ('harming.
No .snirter or newer toilet, especial
Iy for tihn rle- or any stylish outloor
f"n l('tion1, r,ýnlll te di-iredl thi an a tailor
Ihuilt lt .ilffeta gown l'rnallm 'intl'i with
three hatndls or lnarrow slhapelid lloinc' -
for that is what tlihey r;eally lire- of
black velvet, anii, thollughs aforesnul,
11115lin1 is ith le ivi ilei'e of till young
and every woman claimnl the right to
be only as old as she looks, yet un
CHIO COLLARS AND CRAVATS.
biased observers must be pardoned for
thinking that taffetas, foulards and
glaces sometimes meet the case better
than muslins.
Fine handmade embroideries are the
delight of the dressmaker for the col
lar, vest and sleeves of muslin and ba
tiste gowns, and their glory is enhanced
by the fact that they can never become
common.
French batiste is the most chic wear
for shirts and frocks, delicately hand
embroidered and trimmed with real
valenciennes, but such seeming sim
plicity is terribly costly both at the out
set and to maintain, for it must per
force be sent to the cleaner and not to
the wash. For dainty petticoats it Is
preferred by many good dressers to
silk, arranged with a multitude of
"ftrillies," as the festive visiting Eliza
beth would say.
Basqued coats, cut like a habit bodice
behind, are coming in for linen dresses,
while for softer materials the coats end
at the waist line In front, with a gath
ered or plaited basque behind and a
broad black satin waistband. It is still
imperative tb.t there should be a note
of black somewhere on the costume,
velvet ribbon run through entredeux.
The pretty trifles illustrated mark the
day of small things and speak sufm
ciently graphically for themselves-the
chic little cravats, especially that little
white lawn one at the top of the group,
with a bow at one side and the two
ends at the other, and the stylish one
beneath it. Mark, learn and copy these
Well, for itf genius means a great at
tention to small things the definition of
good dressing is exactly the same.
But the shirt Is really the garment of
the day, and the finely embroidered
lawn with satin stitching and hem
stitching, made in the simplest style,
but of the very best quality, is the
most becoming and the most useful, for
it will amiably submit to the machina
tions of the modern laundress, and it
can by means of a ribbon held in by a
firm stitching of the gatherings at the
front and back be induced to fit neatly
into the waist.
Some very attractive shirts are made
of fne net run into hand tucks and
bearing lace yokes extending on either
side of the front into long braces. Then
some excellent shirts are madeof fine
linen, and these may be decorated with
white stitchings or with applications
of white linen on to colored and trim
med with small pearl buttons. A par
ticularly pretty example in pink has an
applied pattern of white linen over the
shoulders, graduating into the waist,
while the sleeves are of the bishop or
der, and the plain pink skirt shows an
application In scroll form on the hem.
A shirt made like this in pink and
white could as well be worn with a
white skirt as with a pink one, and
pink in a shade is very popular this
year.
In the cut is a white shirt of muslin
and lace insertion, with transparent
cuffs, yoke and epaulets of valenciennes
lice, like the frills and plaited front.
The other shirt is of white satin, re
lieved with herringboning or feather
stitching In red silk. Triangles in cloth
of the ruddy color are applied. Gilt
buttons and I red leather belt give the
A MAN'S CLOTHES.
An Authoritatli' Tnlk About Drel/
I'or lnriolum Ocaenios..
"T' - l tur1 'l:|al ir's a ilan -enars
is his tv'nili n f'h ,. says. Mr. Fritz
\ \ 'il l ia mi s in t hi ., N " ',r k I Ik ,r a hl,
": ml th r a o(,P .'l. I" p- rftly Si, hple,
disllayinig nio Jewelry exi..'tpt studs ani:
built o in , a lnd . \ ill. 141 a , hr lto i, '
striy the harmniny f the bIlack and
".;hiti colmnllltil ol l. Stu ,s s1ho)hl nev
er hie anytllhing lut p,:arls and the ordl
nary little buttouns, three for 50 cents.
Lt7E AND WUITE COOL GRAY HOM-
FLANNEL. SPUN.
do very well. The crush hat is a part
of the uniform, though the silk one
may be worn. Watch and key chains
should be hidden from view.
'The tuxedo coat belongs to the club
and perhaps Informally at home. With
this coat a derby or a straw hat may be
worn and, of course, the small black
tie. Except with evening clothes the
small tie is always undress.
'"The black frock coat is the formal
afternoon dress, while the gray one
may be worn on other occasions, though
we could hardly call it Informal. At
weddings and receptions and wherever
ladles are to be the black frock, close
ly buttoned up, is the correct thing.
"Trousers with this coat are of black,
showing an indistinct stripe. With the
gray frock coat, which has trousers of
the same material, a fancy waistcoat Is
permissible. Colored shirts do not be
long to the frock coat and neither do
turnover collars. These both mark the
"With morning dress more liberty I1
allowed, and a man may indulge him
fancy for colored shirts, handkerchiefs
and ties, though these should be neat
and smart. The suit made of loosely
woven material, such as homespun, is
coolest and most comfortable, two im
portant qualiflcations. Square cut coats
are smartest With this morning suit
go a soft felt hat, usually a fedora, and
perhaps a white canvas waistcoat.
"I believe the walking stick belongs
to afternoon clothes, though it may be
carried at any time. A man doesn't
want a stick when going to business,
and if be has on evening clothes he
wants nothing that will be In his way.
The plain wooden stick is not carried.
The correct one shows a little ori'
mentation, never of gold, for young
men. 7
"There is only one yachting dress,
but for outing a man may choose what
ever he likes. Flannels, however, are
by far the most comfortable to wear.
White trousers showing a fine dark
stripe, a blue coat striped with gray or
white and a shirt with a soft plaited
bosom are good form. Plaited bosoms,
by the way, should always be soft.
"Shoes may be white or tan, general
ly the latter, and a good hat is the
straw alpine. One should observe the
same rule with the outing suit as with
evening clothes- keep it harmonious
and confined to two colors. Blue and
white or black and white are excellent
combinations, though, as the latter ob
viously belong to evening dress. It is
better to choose the former. Blue Is a
color universally becoming, and its
combination with white prql4ues a
iarticularly cool and fresh efect ,.
"I mention the alpine hat because the
shape suits nearly all men, Just as most
women find it becoming.
"Trousers of the outing suit should
be made with straps at the waist,
through which may be slipped a plaln
leather belt. one not too narrow. This
belt must fit snugly around the top. al
lowing none of the trousers to show
above It. In this way the waist as
sumes the desired trim look. A good
idea Is to get the belt first and have the
loops on the trousers made to fit it ex
actly."
The cuts from the journal mentioned
show a smart outing suit of blue and
white flannel and a panama hat and a
cool looking morning suit of gray home
spun, with gray felt bat and white can
ias waistcoat
Au ....ream Serlounly Ill.
New York, July 20 -Miss Lillian
Green, the well known actress, is seri
ously ill in Roosevelt hospital from ty
phoid fever. Miss Green came to New
York on July 10 from Chicago, where
she had been acting, and the next day
was removed to the hospital.
Saluide of a Farmer.
St. Joseph, Mo., July ?0.-George
Tieteen, a rich farmer, who lived with
his brothers, 10 miles northwest of here,
committed suicide by shooting himuself
in the right temple with a revolver.
The deed was committed in the prees
ence of his brothers.
Comptroller Reynolds Dead.
Tallahassee, Fla., July 20.-William,
H. Reynolds, comptroller of the state of
Florida died Friday. He had been
president of the senate and was secre
tary of the constitutional convention.
He was a native of Georgia.