THE CAUCASIAN.
Official Journal of the
City of Shreveport.
Q1NiONf ýA EED"
THE B LEl~i+_,' .'
gystely lth the arband o the wo.en
The dctectiveý alnd heý 'it~e :s
been murdered by a t1'-man, ;,i(at :ii
theory they cone o the threat t fa man
adian girl waso a' been in the envelope
of the Burdick hoe several weeks ancm
who is htandsome. It .vas an outrtige.
but the saoe detectives again bludered
by shadowing every womnan having ac
quaintance with the Burdicks. It was
not until they had theorized bewilder
ingly that they abandoned the women
an ed frceflthe conclusion that a man
was the murderer. It appears that Bur
dick, who was a millionaire envelope
maker, and his wife did pot live happily
together. Mrs. Burdick had become
enamored of Arthur Pennell, a lawyer
of wealth and prominence, whose wife
and Mrs. Burdick were great friends.
In the course of time the relations be
tween Mrs. Burdick and Pennell
dawned forcefully on Burdick, who, af
ter forgiving his faithless spouse several
timesn on her klledge of fealty to him
withheld a divorce proceeding. The
scandal soon became public and such a
"rare bit" afforded unlimited scope to
gossiped is. After the police had aban
doned the woman theory, they rested
their suspicion on and shadowed Arthur
Pennell, who, they held, had a particu
lar interest in the removal of Burdick,
and this plea they emphasized after
Pennell had been killed while automo
biling with his wife, when the machine
becoming ungovernable ran over a cliff,
Pennell was -instantly killed and his wife
died a few hours after the accident. The
theory of suicide was set up by the
same police authority in the absence of
something better.
Such, in substance, is the case which
has scandalized the public, and the close
of the investigation when Mrs. Burdick
was compelled tp disclose her relation
ship with Pennell, has left the murder
of Burdick unsolved. The police failed
to establish Mrs. Burdick's guilt in con
nection with the murder of her husband.
That Mrs. Burdick was faithless is too
true. That Mrs. Pennell was cognizant
of her husband's infidelity may not. be
questioned, but that she had intended to
divorce herself from Pennell and marry
Burdick or that the two women had de
signe 1 a leagl exchange of husbands, is
a feature of the case which may be ac
cepted with the greate t degree of al
lowance. The very thought is revolting
and shatters the confidence of man in
woman. Unfortunately Mrs. Pennell is
beyond recall and therefore can not re
fute such reflections, but it is fair to as
sume that she was a woman who had
prized her virtue beyond price and all
influence. It is sufficient to say that the
details of the case are shocking, and the
sensationalism has beeen aggravated be
cause all concerned were prominent in
social life and had great wealth. Such
a case in the scale of the ordinary class
would scarcely have attracted more at
tention this is generally given to the
proceedings of a police court. It is the
standing of the persons implicated that
has given it spice and afforded the wid
est range to vitiated taste and appetite.
According to press reports women of
good repute and leaders in society
decked in fashionable attire, crowded
and jostled each other so as to reach
the points of vantage where 'they could
absorb every detail of this sickening ex
posure of immorality, but there is com
fort in the reflection .that the women
who attended this inquest have little to
do at home and that almost any kind of
excitement is welcomed as a divertise
ment of the routine of their every-day
life. P is safe to say that sew if any of
the women of Buffalo having the cares
of every-day duty in the direction and
management of their homes could spare
the time, even if they had the inclina
tion, to attend such exposure. In this as
in similar cases there is a moral direct
and striking. The home over which vir
tue is not fully enshrined in the wife
and mother is blasted. There may be
concealment for a little while, but with
exposture follows the curse which is
more terrible than death. Fortunately
the depravity of Mrs. Burdick and of
Pennell is the exception and the penalty
of their crime is as startling as it is"
real. Burdick murdered, Pennell and his
wife killed and all these are rethoved
from all hearings of detraction, but it
has been developed that Burdick was a
kind and indulgent father, an affection
ate husband and that his every efort
was directed to the comfort of his love:
oner and to his home. And Fate,. as it
were, as inexorable as it is exacting,'
has decreed that Mrs. Burdick shall live
to experience all the pangs of remorse,
the slow, silent gnawing, resulting fromn
her per dy to her husband, her watonl
disugd of palty do he
JONES SLATED FOR THE JOB.
It is reported that former United
States Senator "Jeemky" Jones will
tender his resignation as chairman of
the Naatio1a Den' cratic Comnuittec.
!ic typcc, to 1 le apiointe I by the
I re-tlen. < ,ne It f the tao civilian
I I the 11President (wll r ot
- lt'!'ýtot ) C t'1l -
";ýam e ir..' Joutiý f "h im t ant- hpl
sitttio ). Cut h f- eelst- h t llS h
- ii: alear to 'm .. ;noth t \hat th1
'a'hntes In thes caajill- wa111 fogh '~i
the Senate IcC lla d th-. Je'~ Pan11am
i. !doate s belieh ed thaI d, C perte m !it.
defeat k, oer thers wnre- mant byý! Repub-
t11 . t e ul 'e C X1- i `
he Presidens t wtold rathler not
niante Her. Jons tfo this 111f rthte D1
- niOticn. bit hle feCl that the place ha
I eet plledged, and ie ca not see his
I -av clear to namts another. \Vhen the
-cotltest ott the canal bill «-a,; fouitght itn
the Senate a ear ago, and the Panama
Sadvocates believed that lesperate meants
should be etployed to save them from
defeat, overtures were made by Repub
lican leades -s to Setator Jones for his
vote. He was the chairman (If the Dcu
ocratic National Committee, tnd hv bthe
I parity p lat f 'rm wtts pledged to the Nic
iaragta route. Senator H-Ianna labored
I with him long and earnestly and at
letgth overcame his scruples. anta it is
aid since that the gettleman from Ar
lkansas as promised an appointment
odo the nev commission. To the surprise
atd disgtst of his Democratic col
Ileagutes, Senator Joines gave his vote for
tae Spooner amendment. Since then,
whenever the President has taken uip
the names of candidates for appoint
mxent on the commtssion. he has been
reminded by Setator Hanna that Scn
ator Jones must not he overlooked.
"The President will not nominate
this commission, it is thought, until
after his return from the West early in
June. In addition to Mr. Henry G. Hes
ter of New Orleans, whom he would
like to give an appointment, he has tin
der consideration the name of ex-Sen
ator Harris of Kansas. Mr. Harris is
an engineer, and while in the Senate
was a member of the committee on isth
mian canal.. Ex-Governor Sayers of
Texas is thought to ly out of the race,
but Tennessee and Georgia have can
didates for the commission."
CAMPAIGN ISSIUES.
It looks now like the Democrats in
this State will be called upon to line up
in the, next State campaign on the ques
tions of curtailing the patronage of the
governor and the adoption of primaries.
The one thing lacking just now is or
ganizsation. There is enough of senti
ment in the State to warrant a sys
tematic organization of the forces fav
oring these reforms, and a definite line
of action should be decided upon. The
man who will lead in this movement
will render the State good service and
reap a reward worth having. The issue
is not office, but principle. The time for
a change in the policy of the ,Demo
cratic party in Louisiana has come, and
the issue must be met. The struggle
will be a hard one, but victory can be
achieved.-Mansfield Journal.
The issues upon which all candidates
for offices from governor down to con
stable will be expected to line on will
be made plain. The people are opposed
to the terms of succession or of logical
conclusion. Because a man has been a
steady feeder at the public crib is no
reason wlhy some other equally good
man should be excluded from the feed
ing. We are interested more in the issue
of a return of all power to the people
than in any projected or prospective
andidate for any office whatever. We
believe in the rule of the people, by the
people and for the peoeple.
SENTIMENTAL GUSHERS.
Many ex-Confederates are getting as
tired of the sentimental gush used in
alluding to them by politicians as are
the Mississippi farmers of the term
"horny-handed sons of toil," etc. The
"brave old warriors" are, as a class, sen
sible, substantial citizens and are not
used to taffy. They did their duty in the
great struggle-ho more, no less. They
made a record of which they are not
ashamed, and they feel that it can be re
ferred to in a more fitting manner than
by the indulgence of superfluous adjec
tives, especially when intended as an
empty compliment.-Mansfield Journal.
As remarked. a few days since by the
Caucasian, the old warriors appreciate
kindly words, but will not be misled by
the vaporings of sentimental gushers.
The Vicksburg Herald says Hon.
Robert H. Snyder of Tensas parish may
be a candidate for Governor of Louis
iana. This may be taken as a forerun
ner of Snyder's announcement. It may
be looked for at any time now.-Farm
erville Gazette.
Snyder is of the tribe who never
weary of feeding at the public crib.
Snider may be discussed after he shall
bayte announced his platform. Perhaps
t' ethers, i. simply concerned in
..;carefully packed, all Z elie ry wth
ready to go. I know you'll pr te U Et ynN i 5 N .- + agin t
get there safely" Wh - ti~ ','i' 1. we LL,»y
Low i the Time* Whink
botS ait for ou houc or ar, Wall Ppr,D Capt , Cutiivato r, We'e""irIrri ,7ir r.x1s Bi cles,
wr o stoay. r f3nw tl s h yo * nt tby% willisend you n a tipc i.l catIogue on that artlea rie san
/ A Jaddle teas ,eaurnet at our Wepense t few days
ago. Ilthough it ha? been properly boxed, it was
- damaged by rats before being .anpacked, according to
c austomer's tetteA Of course this soes wo fault of ours,
K & rkut he got a new saddle just tIe same. Do you know
' ~ of any other firm who would have given him the same
-liberal treatment? Why not buy your supplies from.'
/ ~ *£a firm with whom it & pleasure i. feal,? J,
goods guaranteed and
prices always lowest, s..d ro catalaue 7 Tda
quality considered. I contas c pals npcurese of''
Our next advertisement will show en fo r ans t4. se g Ca
)ow the goods arrived. Watch and tog
see if the packer told the truth. Name
2° .M ontgomery Ward 8r Co., ^Mlic oAn Chicago ZA.... Me °f
County Sta
THE OUTLOOK.
The article following is from The
Fcidcianas, one of the best and most
nearless weekly newspapers in the State,
and favors the return of all power: to
tIe pe plc now vested in the Governor
by a ipointmcnt:
"I he outlook at present. as far as the
'next campaign is concerned, indicates
lot the principal contest for the gov
erni r hip will be between Michel and
lanmchard, with the possibility of the
notmnation going to some one else in
case of a dead-ock between these two.
'While their chances seem to be about
even at present, Michel really has the
best of it, because he is the most popu
lar of the two-is closer to the people,
and .s running on his individual merits.
Blanchard stands absolutely no show
without the support and tifluence of
Senator Foster. He is one of the' most
unpopular men that could have been
selected.
"It is rumored that Hon. J. Y. San
ders will be a candidate. With Blan
chard in the way he can not win. Had
he announced instead of Blanchard and
commanded the administration infleunce
he might have been a winner. He is
much stronger than generally supposed.
The fact that he has very bitter enemies
1is misleading. Such men have equally
strong friends. Sanders, furthermore,
has been a faithful laborer in the party
vineyard, and he has been purposely
kept in the rear because the party lead
ers are afraid of him. He is too strong
a man. He has too much individuality,
too much manhood, too much independ
ence. He might 'bust up things' by tak
ing a notion to run them as he pleased
if plated in a position to do so.
"So far as the nomination is concern
ed, it will,, of course, be by convention,
but the issue of primaries will be suf
ficiently prominent to worry opponents
considerably and win slight concessions.
Matters generally will not be as one
sided as in the past.
"It will .be a difficult matter to get
any leading candidate. to espouse the
cause of either primaries or the aboli
tion of government patronage, but in
that event the advocates of these meas
ures will be more apt to support the
candidate who is contending against the
government patronage and influence
than one who is backed'by it.
"In the meantime the quadrennial de
votion of the office-holders and pap
hunters to 'the dear old party' and 'the
people' will be enough to cause 'a croc
odile to shed tears. Their tenderness
and devotion on the occasion of elec
tions is as beautiful as the 'milky way,'
as unselfish as a new born babe, and as
solicitous as a 'mother's love.'. In the
political flower gardens of liberty and
patriotism 'they resemble Morning Glo
ries, but in reality are mostly Jimpson
weeds."-The Felicianas.
BOB SNYDER THE MAN.
An an opposite view of the Jackson
ian is reproduced the paragraph follow
ing clipped from the Lake Providence
Banner-Democrat, whose position, how
ever, on State issues, for instance nomi
nations by primaries and the return of
all political power to the people, is re
served:
"It is said that Blanchard has Caddo
and Rapides parishes solid to start off
on, and that he feels sanguine of having
little troulble in being landed .safely as
the next governor. Bob Snyder, who is
one of the most popular men in the
State, will also have several parishes at
his back, and no doubt can count on al
most every parish in the Fifth District.
He was defeated in the last convention,
and without a complaint or 'a word
against any one, went in and worked
hard for the success of his party. We
believe Snyder will be hard to down
this time."-Lake Providence Banner
Democrat..
Is the scramble for office to shadow
and sidetrack the issues one of which, is
the return of all political power to the
people, which should be prominent in
the campaign for Governor, State and
parochial offices?
Your stationery represents yeour busi
nes& Wq ts t you xa her be weil repre
- 7t**
b NEGRO LYNCHED.
Frank Roberson Confessed to Burglary
and Incendiarism.
A few days since a negro named Frank
Roberson was lynched in Arkansas neat
the Louisiana line. H1e was an old of
fender, a bold bad man. The story is
soon told. About three years ago a store
at Walnut Iiii, Ark., was burglarized
and fired. Among the contents of the
store were two shotguns. one of which
was found recently in the possession of a
man who on being arrested stated that
he had acquired the gun by purchase.
With this clue Roberson was apprehend
ed and a rope was placed around his
neck. He pleaded for mercy and con
fessed that he had burglarized and cet
fire to the store at Walnut Hill. He ad
mitted that he had committed several bar
glaries and had , burned a number of
store houses, among which was Belcher s
store in Benton, incinerated several years
ago. Having admitted his guilt it was de
cided that he should be lynched, and
after a short respite he was jerked to
thee limb of a tree, from which the body
was found dangling. So has ended the
career of a man who for years evaded
arrest and had sef all law at defiance. He
was a menace to any community in
which he lived or located temporarily.
J. A. SIMPSON DEAD.
On Tuesday, March 24, at to a.m.,
J. A. Simpson died at- his home near
Reisor, Caddo parish, aged 38 years. He
was married and leaves a wife and sev
eral children to mourn his demise. He
was a most estimable gentleman and
good citizen. He was a member of
Broadaxe Camp No. 16 Woodmen of
the World, by whom he was buried this
afternoon in the old cemetery. The fun
eral was from W. W. Waring's parlors
on Enwards street, where the body was
conveyed from the depot this morning
on the arrival of the train from Reisor.
He had resided in Alexandria where
he was in the employ of the Western
Union, and he was also in the service of
the Texas and Pacific. He died of apo
plexy.
(Alexandria 1ppers are requested to
make note of this demise.)
Credentials Presented to Castro.
Caracas, Venezuela, April 1.
Herr von Pelldram, the new minis
ter of Germany and Mr. Bax-Ironside,
the recently appointed British mini
ter, presented their credentials to
President Castro. Their reception
was more cordial than expected. owing
to the extreme amiability of the en.
voys of Great Britain.
Miss Roosevelt Nicely Treated.
San Juan, P. R.. April 1.-Miss
Alice Roosevelt. Governor Hunt and
their party returned here by train, havy
lug visited the towns on the north
coast. Miss Roosevelt was received
with great enthusiasm everywhere, the
Inhabitants vieing for the honor of
having her as their guest.
Great strike Probable,
Greenwich, Conn., April 1.-It is
expected that 10,000 mechanics in this
city and county and Winchester coun
ty will strike, as they have refused to
arbitrate the controversy between
themselves and the employing builders.
Secretary Shaw Purchases Silver.
Washington, April 1.-The secre
tary of the treasury has purchased for
account of Philippine coinage 350,000
ounces of silver at an average of 49.8
cents an ounce.
For Easter Holidays,
London, April 1.--Cotton exchange
will be closed April 10, 11 and 12,
Easter holidays.
Monitor Passes Natchez,
Natchex, MIss., April 1.-The
United States monitor Arkansas pass
ud up at 6 p. in., Monday for St. Louis.
Your printing bill is the smalleast ite~n
of expense in your establishment. Why
not spend it judiciousi" ? We can show
you how.
Issteemm
KXTRA *ESSION.
.vernor *inhamn Will Leconine tD
0eginlature on ?hursda7.
Austin. April 1.-Governor Thk
jam authorized the statement that he
will issue a call $r the legislature to
assemble on Thursday in special ses
sion. He does not know what, it any
thing, he will submit for legislation
other than the appropriation bill. Jo
is willing to seee what. the legisiature
leaves undone that o,,ght to be done
The impression is almost g-neral that
he will submit the matter to taxing
intangible assets and the matter o:
land legislation and rise the matter
of re-enacting the text-book law, if
those measures fail.
Senate finally passed committee sub
stitute for house bill requiring cot
ten ginners to make monthly reports
to county judges as to the number of
bales ginned.
Senate passed substitute measure
providing for working of convicts on
roads.
Senator Douglas had passed, with
amendments, house bill regulating the
sale of cocaine and other drugs. The
amendment authorizes wholesale drug
gists to sell such drugs to the retail
ers.
Senator Hanger secured the adop
tion of an amendment reducing from
five to two years the time, within
which the serucer must live with the
seduced in order to prevent prosecu
tion.
Senator McKamy secured considera
tion of house bill requiring street rail
way to charge half-fare for school chil
dren and students.
Senator Faubion offered an amend
ment exempting cities under 40,000 in
habitantts, stating that the car lines
In the smaller towns can not afford
it. Amendment was adopted and bill
passed.
Senator Hicks had passed house bill
providing for pay of witnesses before
grand juries outside of the county of
their residence.
In the house following senate bills
was finally passed. Mr. Beaty'h bill
relating to assaults to commit some
other offense: Mr. Paulus' bill provid
ing punishment for sheriff who should
appoint more deputies than permitted
by law, and bill relating to power of
city council of any city or town hav
ing less than 3000 inhabitants to dis
pense with city marshal; Mr. Paulus'
bill regulating the practice of barber
ingand registering and licensing of
persons to carry on that business, Mr.
Fatilk's bill providing for creation of
school districts and appointment of
trustees therein; Mr. Hale's bill relat
ing to declaring quarantine in counties
and cities: Mr. Decker's bill relating
to removal of county seats; Mr. Har
per's bill providing for incorporation
of mutual fire, storm and lightning in
surance companies; Mr. Lipscomb's
bill providing for extension of terri
torial limits of towns and villages; Mr.
Hill's bill establishing a state board )f
embalming; Mr. Stafford's bill relating
ing to qualifications of jurors; Mr.
Stafford's bill relating to qualifications
of jurors; Mr. Wilson's bills prescrib
ing fees to be paid court officers in
lunacy cases, and providing for pen
sioning Confederate soldiers and sail
ors and their widows; bill by Messrs.
and Douglas, fixing salaries of super
intendents and assistant physicians of
insane asylums.
WIfe's Head Blown Off.
Ballinger, Tex., April 1-About
fifteen miles north of this place, Hen
ry Shaefer, a. prosperous German
farmer, was cleaning his gun in the
house, and his wife was sitting close
by combing her little daughter's hair,
when, by some unforseen or unknown
cause, the gun fired and the charge
entered Mrs. Shaefer's head. blowing
It almost from her shoulders. She
leaves several small children. Her
husband is almost insane with grief.
LJTTLE CHANGE.
*Wo4 Situation as (reenvilne A
Continues the Same.
Greenville. Miss.. April 1.
is little change in the flood Si
he cutting of Ile protecting
at the northern border of the,
#as given so perreptible relief
ting out ttie w'ater. On the
* rise is still in progress
throughout the city. The
fight plant is being rapidly
out, twelve large pumps are
ation and it is poarible that
pany may be alto to resume at
The 1,g crevasse three miles
of the titt continues to wldep
is imtossible to say what the
brea hth will be if efforts to st
the eurls and prevent further
are not Suer' flfl. A large
men a still Ongag'd in this
So far as known not a ci
has been lost as a result of the
ing of the levee and the st
flooding of the country. The
family, a woman and five
that was reported to have
was rescued. There have bee&
sensational rumors of person.
drowned but to date not one
has been confirmed.
Rescue boats are out in every
tion and all refugees brought
city are being cared for. In
ville the water is causing e
convenit nee and damage, but t
and its inhabitants are not
to be in the least dangerop
should the water go much hi
threatened break at Catfish
failed to materalize and
this score is waning.
Two Thousand Feet
Arkansas City. Ark., A
reporter who went as gueo
Tensas,levee board of Louisi
the crevasse below Greenvdi
2000 feet wide and the water ie
through at a rapid speed, ov
Issaquena, Sharl.ey and a
Washington county. Reports
along levees show that they
good shape and holding out
five-tenths fall at this point hagi
ly relieved the situation and the
are feeling much better over.
look brut will continue 'to
levee until all danger has pan
water is not backing up so ra
it is thought Arkansas City
very little more.
Postponed Until JS
New Orleans, April 1.
sissippi river commission a
Monday night after a
Hymela crevasse General
president of the commission,
would be et'tended to the
fighters, the question o'f cost lot
one to debat" in the face of thte
gency. No allot tent had beel
this re' tin:, it being decidedt:
pone that until June. when the
age done lv the river could
muarizel and more intelligent
forded
In Interegt of DiaP.
City of Mexico, April 1.
clubs composed of the member
Liberal party are organizing
the repukbl to promote the
tion of President D'az. Large
vative party land owners
nessmen are found favorable
candidacy on the ground that
pacificed the country and I
an area of political good feeling
pointing men of all parties,
solely for merit to public oefi.
New Crevasse.
Greenville, Miss.. April
sons who have returned from tl'
vasse three miles south of the
port that a second crevasse has
red about 500 feet north of
break. The new crevasse Is
feet wide.
The Caucasian lives up to its
5 ul ONLY 3 EXPRESS
Set ls OLY$3!.5 PREPAID
PURE COLDEN AGE
LINCOLN ýYJ iE~
COUNTY WH IS KE
We, the Distillers, guarantee these goods to be pure and 7 years
old. None better at any price. We will ship in plain box to an7
address, EXPRESS PREPAI D,at the following distiller's prices.
5 Full Bottles $3.45. 10 Full Bottles $6.55. 12 Full Bottles $7.90.
15 Full Bottles $9.70. 25 Full Bottles $15.90.
Free glass and corkscrew In every box. Your money back If not as represented.
AMERICAN SUPPLY CO., 662 Malm t., Memphis. Tenn.