W. Waring
Phone 320.
dertaker
sad Dealers in Fine
elders
Hardware.
521 Edwards Street
G BUILDING.
teed Pocket Knives and
Scissoz.
LASS.
tools a specialty.
Coffins attended to day
S & FARMERS BANK
ST CO., CORNER OF
AND TEXAS STREES,
RT, LA.
deposits of the bank is
edly popular features.
rate of three per cent
allowed on all sums of
upwards remaining on
three or more calendar
during the first three
onth, interest is allowed
as if deposited on the
month. Interest on all
wan will be payable on
-o: February and August,
then withdrawn, is
pal thereby giving
m nd interest.
be made by s arrie'
minors, in their own
givec deoositqrsa t o
a . "rat
4 9o t .
orTurf
-asy most elipbls
tie bces
le at the
SYPORT ~
and get the resultas
from responsible
KABERT,
fa Dealer in
d ies,
Whips,
ETC.
GE TRIMMING
'ENDED TO.
COMMON.
,LA.
SMITH,
eounsellor
on Sorinr street.
and Federal
Z,
EMERSON CENTENARY
ANNIVERSARY OF PHILOSOPHERS
BIRTH TO BE OBSERVED.
His Old Home In Concord, 'anMs., to
Be the Scene of a Great Gathering
of Literary Personageu-The Pro
graamine For the Day.
[Special Correspondence ;
Concord. Mass.. March 30.--The cen
tenary anniversary of the birthday of
Ralph Walno Emerson, which will be
celebrated by literary societies through
out the country on May '3, has direct
ed the attention of all lovers of the
New England poet and philosopher to
this town of historic happenings, wher'
he lived until his death in April. 18S2.
The people of Concord are naturally
greatly interested in the approaching
anniversary, more especially because
here commemorative exercises on a
large scale will be held.
The morning will be given over to
the children, and services will be held
in the various public schools. To cull
0
9; q -
CORtNERt OF EMERSON'S LIBRARY.
dren of a larger growth this part of the
celebration will be especially interest
ing, reminding them as it will of the
day in 1873 when the boys and girls of
Concord turned out in force to welcome
the sage on his return from a visit to
Europe. The main function, however,
will take place at the First Parish
Meeting House in the afternoon, when
there will by addresses by Professor
Charles Eliot Norton, Senator George
F. Hoar, 'Colonel Thomas Wentworth
Higginson and Professor William
James of Harvard. In the evening
there will be a dinner, with a number
of the old friends of,Emerson as guests
of honor.
The arrangements for the affair are
In charge of the Serial circle, an organ
ization founded in 1782. of which Em
erson ,was a- ;member for forty-three
years. The .4ircle has but twyenty-lWe
mebr;and only in ca~of A vacua
ttee' consisting of $a inuel Hoar; L.
B. M.6don ad, Edward' J. Bartftt Wil
11am L. Eatbn and Thoi tas h..JEllis as
charge of the programwpiter the dhy.
As a matter sof course ti#e hundreds
who will visit the city fors, j1 Erersoi
centenar wvill'want t.4 pay. visit to
the house in hich lib did sbo.puch of
l sork. The oM =hafisi ft stands' at
the corneroWe 5hlLeigiamna ,turnpike
an&drthe abridgo4itoa id #s now oc
cupied by. lies $ s nerfn, the pOP
espeIdest daughter; w-oq ba~p been liv-.
Cpg there fn zt cemnent si$fe the. cipath,
o! hei father: `Tfe'. ggs is praotic Jly
Sie same cigf tioi as it. was when
he ptabed a vay `It studas sbUie little
4istal2ice f rom the dad nd is half hid
den; by4 a' cdIup of. pine trees. To' the
right of. the :etrsnce..is 'the library, hi,
which Emiereonascent a.great part of
his life, and upstairs is his, study, a
edhy little rotim,
Another hibuse of interest in connec
tio":with'the poet Is the "Old Manse,"
made famous by Nathaniel Hawthorne.
This was built by the Rev. William
Emerson in 17645 and was Ralph Waldo
Emerson's home for a number of years.
It was here that he wrote 'Nature."
Sleepy Hollow cemetery will also be
,a Mecca for centenary visitors, for it is
here that Emerson's grave will be
found, as well as the graves of such
other illustrious people as Thoreau, the
Alcotts and Nathaniel Hawthorne.
Emerson's resting place is marked by a
huge rose quartz bowlder, to which is
affxed a copper tablet inscribed with
the date and place of birth of the phi-,
losopher.
Concord has indeed been the home of
notables. A little ray up Main street
stands the old dwelling place of Mar
garet Fuller, between whops and Em
erson a warm friendship existed. She
was the editor of the Dial, a high class
literary and religious magazine which
was established by Emerson in 1840.
Another house on the same street was
the home of William Monroe, once one
of the gat men of Concord.
Coneoia has' many other interesting
Landmarks. Passing the cemetery, one
eees an old mansion which was used
as a blockhouse at the time of King
Philip's war. On Lexington road is the
Wright tavern, built in 1747, reputed
to have been the favorite drinking
place of Pitcairn, the English chief.
Next to the tavern stands a church
built on the plan of the old Concord
meeting house, where the first provin
cial congress of delegates from the
towns of Massachusetts organized In
April, 1774.
Then, too, there is the famous Con
cord battleground, where was "fired
the shot heard round the world" when
the first conflict for American inde
pendence was begun. It Is only a few
steps from the old manse to the battie
groaund, and townfolk. tell the story,
of low Emerson's grandmother held:
he+ to the windeow and am-'
A "CUT AND DRIED" CANDI
DATE.
From the way the papers throughout
the State have begun to agitate ?p(litic
we should judge the political pit trill
oan begin to ii, il. In fact, it has beit:t
to -izzle a little already.
It is timaterial to us iilien the b: I
is o.pene, ju"t s the leo'pe nuke t: in
time to have their ga. We ,heoml re
'ret cry Much to t the pc glIe of t' e
State -let on their righti 'ii wake
only after a cut and drite candidat
had been n' sitnated ! "''ix
Let the pe de- thy one, \%h-)hul
hwa e their ay-se:,rt a I nmacrat:e
j oýni inuce by white pt i~nary ýy tent.
ttte stel syatemt as will permit the
1tases to have a voice in the attair.
There is one thing as sure as fate, and
that is, ite administration has thing.
'cut and dried'' and will carry the day
in a walk unless the people demand a
say and demand it in time. The first
thing the people are aware of, should
they he too prone to slumber, a conven
tion will be upon them, and everybody
knows what that means.
To nip the thing in the bud clamor
for a white primary, a chance for the
people, then the people will have some
show to dictate.-Richland Beacon.
It will not be questioned that certain
individuals in this State will dominate
and perpetuate themselves or their suc
cessors in office. if the people are allured
into fancied security, or, when aroused
and urged to action, neglect or fail to
manifest and to exercise the power they
possess and can wield for the better
ment of the State. It will be conceded
that the people being more or less occu
pied with their affairs. business or agri
cultural, are unlike the office-holders
and have little time and inclination to
scheme politics. The. politician, the
man who has been fattening at the pub
lic crib and never tires of his feeding,
is always on the alert, always scheming
to maintain himself in his "soft job,'
and would naturally "stand inl with the
side which lie believes may contribute
to his holding on to his job, but this
same politician will be easily persuaded
to change his base and be with the peo
ple if the people will insist on their
rights. The question or issue in the
campaign which must engage attention
must be for either office or for prin
ct les. If for office, then let every one
scramble and get the most of it : but if
it be for principles, then let the' de
mands for principles be clear and well
defined. We assert that the major
ity of Democrats who vote are opposed
to the nomination of a governor or
other officers by' a ''cut and. irjed" con
vention in which the "cut and dried"
candidates are foisted on the-people who"
may be damnited if they do not approve
the - progrifr and being opposed to con
ventions will favor the nop'inntioits by
a Democratic primary electtop. It ifiay
also be asse'ted that the great nimatity
of Pei'ocrats wfto vote are m favte ox
the return'8f all pplitical power to the
people whihi is.now vested in the CGa
ernor by appoint int,4 through v hichl
h'is flki , geater than that of any,
governor,,of apy,;State o the, Unioti, pax
no Devi cr , who is exposed to the
pretsent sy tent of' tppointments and of
"'cut at# 4tii'e coif entiois should de
clarte,.himij.lf_ n. favor of alty gentleaiau,
candidae. fori' ovetnor and: other offices;
who should, ot' announce manfully his
views' .1t41 at ti:W on these questions.:
No mnai .should bi nominated and elect
ed for governor who is opposed to the.
'retutrn of all power 'to the pcsple.
The Cotton Belt Route will sell round
trip tickets to Los Angeles and San
Francisco on May 3, 12, 13, 14, 15, t6,
17 and i8, at rate of $47.50, on account
of General Assembly' of Presbyterian
Church and National Association of
Master Plumhers of the United States.
All tickett'limited to July is returning.
It costs no more to have good station
ery for your business than the poor kind.
The good kind is the kind we do.
CUREOWHN N OTHERSIKAlED
MRS. FRANCES MITCHELL.
Secretary North Chicago frauen
Verein. 10s6 WililiemacAve., Chicago,/I/says
Omaoano, Ian., 1056 Winnemac Avenue, Oct. 25, 19012
Wine of Carl can always be relied upon to cure when everythmn elte fails. It ifi a certain cure for female
diseases in their worst forms. I auffered for years with ulceration. Intense paines in the womb and ovaries and
dreadful headaches unitted me for my work. Finally I grew so ill that I had to keep to my bed. The pains were
so intense at times as to cause spasms and a disagreeable discharge drained my life torces. In my extremity after
all else bad failed, I tried Wine of Cardui. After usiag it for two weeks I began to improve so rapidly that I felt
encouraged to keep up the treatment, which I did fos eighteen weeks, but at the end of that time I was entirely
ered. what a relief was mine and how new and beautiful life looked to me when my health was restored. Only
those who have peasse though
such a siege of sicckness as II have
will understand how much I value
Wine of Osrdui. It is indeed a
boon to sick women. I'l
Fully 1,500,000 afflicted American women have been cured of female diseases in the privacy of their homes by Wine
of Cardui and everyone of them would give it the same praise Mrs. Mitchell gives.
Every weak woman needs Wine of Carsdui. What better present could be taken to a suffering relative or friend
than a bottle of this great medicine? That is the quickest and most satisfactory way to bring joy to the despondent
sufferers in your home-to really make your loved ones happy. Can von read Mrs. Mitchell's letter without feeling vour
responsibility to the sufferers inyour home? Wine of Carduii cures disordered and painful menstruation, periodical head
aches, falling of the womb and leucorrhoea. It cures extreme cases of these troubles. It strengthens girls approaching womanhood, helps bring
childrentobarren homes, makes pregnancyand childbirth easier, prevents mis
carriages and is the best medicine ever made for use during the change of life.
Why permit the good women in your home to suffer another day? Every
Chas $1,00 bottles of Wine of Cardui.
DAUGHTERS_6F DIXIE
Fourteen Sa onMaidoons Are to
lead. tilh, Parade.
RIDE IN x TALLY-IKO.
New Orleans People 'tr Pu½1ink the
Preparations For the Coin; -
Conf`:lerate Re-::ion la
Loul aana 'ietrol olis.
New Orlean , Arril 3 -Pre
for the Conf-Oerat- r ..on. wLi,
begins May l a:- now ;ve± ur i
way. Eve:,yiuy :_ ak'ng uo.1 4...
there is no doubt about t^n sutce==
this the greatest reunion ever het? '..
the south. A numbe: of. rovel tea
tures will be introduced! Each snat2
division will have a band preceding it
in the parade.
Fourteen young ladies of the- high
est Confederate standing will ride in
a beautlfuily decorated tally-ho at the
head of the parade and be known as
heralds. They will be dressed entire
ly of white, and will have banners
denoting the state they represent and
coats of arms of the states will be
wrought in flowers on the sides of the
tally-ho. The states have already
been asked to name the young ladies.
They will be accompanied in the tally
ho by a New Orleans sponsor as hos
tess. The tally-ho will be preceded
by the Memphis Bugle Corps of forty
five pieces, composed of young society
men, who have been training for'the
purpose.
The reunion parade will form at St.
Charles avenue, with the right at
Melpomene and.extending around Lee
circle into Howard avenue. Camp
street and Canal street, and will move
around Lee circle, down St. Charles
street and to Canal. Woere it will dis
perse after' passing around that sthag
nificent street. No place in the
United States has better facilities for
viewing a parade. Reservatons for di
vision and department commanders
and their sponsors and -pids, etc.,
have .been made at -the St." Charles
hotel. Empty houses till,.pe secured,
and cats, pillows and sheets furnished
for uniformed veterans who desire
beds, and uniformed companies will
be entertained in tents and at the fair
grounds. There will be plenty of
room and no extra charges, and all
veterans who desire will be fed gratis.
The information bureau is getting
hundreds of houses listed where visit
ors. will find rooms. The decorations
wil1 be unusually fine.
MANY AT WORK.
Over 'Two Thousand Men Strengtthening
the Levee at Hymella.
. New Orleans, April 2.-Cheering in
formation of 'the practical completion
'f the &ribb fng, came from Hymelia;
All night longgiarge forces of men
,plosecuted the work of driving a'nd in
terlacing scantling kitrd at 9 `o'clock
this pidrning the fast stakes. were
bebk'W Yrrnered. in the bat tire, to loin
-the tw'o yi gs interlnting the Preak
lls .ei4eveq.. Contrary -to all !tradi
tions in' eYevasse closing, those in
charge be been sacking at th+ base
of the 6t?' orkR as lines were extend
ed, and, eontrary to; expectations, this
has had'the'effect of 'holding the work.
No trade of weakness :has become ap
parent and the a has begs a -heavy
fall of water on the inside of the' levee.
showing how materially the' discharge
has been reduced. Two thousand men
are-at the scene.
A multitude were engaged In filling
sacks.
The river here marked 20.1, and was
stationary.
Details confirming the break at An
gola have becen rktelved. The crevasse
is 209 feet wide, and the entire island,
with the exception of a few acres upon
which camps are located, is under from
three to fifteen feet of water. The
new levee protects these and a large
force of convicts are ngaged trying to
hold it.
FIGHT IN FRiSCO.
Jeffries and Corbett Will 3feet ab Cali
fornia Metropolis In Augpst.
San Francisco, April 3.-The Yose
mite club of this city has been award
ed the heavy weight championship
battle between James J. Jeffries and
James J. Corbett. In competitive bid
ding the affair hardly developed into
a contest. The bout wi]l be te'd t'
latter part cf August. and the
will either guarantee the fight,
$20,0CO in cash or allow them to -a
7e per cent of th' gross recipt- ,
not both. Cn or before May .
principals will make selection and a
range such other details as may su
gest th.-mse'lves in the n maetim
Small booty.
Little Rock. Ark., April 3.-A speci
al to the Arkansas Gazette from Nev.
port says: The little town of Cot'cn
Plant, forty-five miles south of here.
on the White and Black river branch
of the Choctaw, was visited by a band
of safe blowers, who burglarized the
depot, express office. postoffice and
the office of Dr. R. R. James. At the
last named place the safe was cracked
by means of explosives, t-ut only $G
was secured. Very little booty is
thought to have been secured at any
of the four places.
Banker Charged With Larceny.
Boston, Mass.. April 3.-Edward
Dunning, a State street banker, has
been placed on trial in the Suffolk su
perior court charged with larceny of
$25,000 from the estate of Francis A.
Brooks, who died last September.
Attempted to Shoot Prisoner.
Anniston, Ala., April 3.-Jack Cobb,
the negro who was convicted of as
saulting Mrs. Linda Williams, was
given a life sentence. While being
transferred to jail from the court
house, H. T. Pusons, superintendent of
education, father of Mrs. Williams, at
tempted to shoot the prisoner. Fear
ing trouble. the negro was taken to
Talladega. and from there to the state
penitentiary at Wetumpka.
Squadron Soon Sails.
Mobile, Ala.. April 3.-A special
from Pensacola. Fla., says Rear Ad
miral Higginson has issued orders for
the battleships of the North Atlantic
squadron to sail from that port April
2-9 for southern drill grounds, which
are about twenty miles east of Cape
Henry. They are clue to arrive there
April 27. and will be reviewed by Ad
miral Dewey on. or about May 1.
Due to Bad Whisky.
Seattle. Wash., April 3.-Daniel Mc
Cauley, crazed by whisky, attacked a
crowd of men in a saloon here with a
revolver. James Clark and William
McLaughlin were fatally wounded by
shots ,from McCauley's weapon, and an
unknown man received a serious
wound from the same source. An offi
cer twice shot McCauley,' who may not
recover.
Valuable Calf.
Utica, N. Y., April 3.-Henry Stevens
of Laconia. N. Y., has paid $4000 for a
nine weeks old bull calf The mother
of the calf is Sadie Vale Concordia..
holder of the world's seven and thirty.
day records for milk and butter pro
duction. The sire is Beryl Wayne, a
prizt-winning bull.
Shamrock III $peedy.
Gourock. Scotland, April 3.-In -the
third trial the Shamrock III showed
great ability In cross taeking, in a
.halt hour's sailing defeating:Shangrociu
I ,by four minutes. With the spinna
- ker run down to the wind, the chdl
lenger led Shamrock I after the. lat-.
ter had one minute start. .
1 - Gone to Copenhagen.
Kiel, April 3.-Emperor William'
embarked on the imperial yacht lio
henzollern and accompanied by two
cruisers sailed for Copenhagen, amid
salutes from warships!
NEWS IN BRIEF.
Union painters of Dallas are now, re
celvlng $3.20 per lay.
President Ripley of the Santa Fe de
nies his road and-the Rock Island have
merged.
At Fort Worth Arenour & Co. paid
$5.50 per 100 pounds for forty-one head
of sheep.
A Frisco engine and three cars were
ditched near Brownwood. Eleven cars
left the track.
SHERIFF'S SALE.
No. 8063-In Fir t Judicial 1)itrict
Qpsurt of Caddo Iari 1 L \\
\Winter vs. I. M. (bie.
By s irt e (f . vr
sale to me i-utd n
ant nu ered . t l
First Ill i rict
La., I hate tind aw!
a t p ic aucts : .'1;x;
d rI'.-i -h'1 a.
threve' rt ra)
with :01 S at I t r 1
and i ]ct' thu ý prI1 M ýl o " ':(cam
hundred onf ,tr fut if
road. 11unce test ntin -_: fr) t
place of begiid i 1hg. withe ail lings,
and improvements theroxnt T.gin that
portion exchanged with F. C. FHanattin
and leis that portion :old to F. F. (Giil,
as per deed of record in the clerk-:s of
fce of said par;=h. Also the following
described property, to- wit : Beginning at
the southeast corner of a lot formerly
owned by J. J. Kirngsmore =o feet S. 8;
E. of S. E. corner of the Davis hotel
lot, a stake in the center of the Shreve
port and Grand Bluff road, thence with
center of said road N. 85 E. 4(5 yards to
a stake in road ; thence north 173 1-2
yards to stake: thence south 8; W.
03 1-2 yards to a stake in east boundary
line of land owned by J. M. Trosper and
Davis heirs with said east hotndarv line
S. 88 1-6 yards the N. W. corner of the
above named 1-3 acre lot a Stake . thlice
with the north ootndarv line of said 1 t
E. 16 2-3 yards a stake therce swith ecst
hontdatcy line of said lot g; 1-2 Ytards to
a place of beginning, containing 2 acres
of land. except the followint port ins
of said 2 acres, which w-is expressly re
servell hý i. B. Moore and described as
follows: Beginning at S. E. corner a
stake 'hence 64 feet west, thence 235
feet north. thence 64 feet cast, thence
23; feet south to place of beginning
being t4 feet front and 2,33 feet in
length, with all ouildings and machin
ery and improvements on said property.
lIe above\ property eing the same
on which the store house, gin and grist
mill of said mortgagor are located.
All of the above property to he sold
to (atisf' the debt occrfied in the said
writ in the sum of thirty-five hundred
dollars w ith eight per cent per annum
interest thereon from 31st day of Janu
ary 1oot. and including $1.;o costs of a
copy dlie by said Oden to said Winter.
and all costs of this suit, including five
per cent attorney's fees on above
amounts.
S. J. WARD,
Sheriff of Caddo Parish. Louisiana.
Caucasian. March 8, Igo3.
TUTORSHIP SALE.
State of Louisiana, Parish of Caddo:
Tutorship of the minors. T. E. and
D. O. Harris.
y' vittue of a commission to me di
rected from the Honorable the District
Coutt in. and for said parish and State,
I will sell the minors' interest,
being an undivided one-half interest
in- lot twenty-one (21) in block one (t)
of bthe Howard. Cole addition to the city
of Shrevenort, on. the terms prescribed
byh.a family meeting, viz.: For cash for
not less than two-thirds of its appraised
value, and I will also sell my half on
the satne.terms, the whole lot being of
fered at once.. The sale is made to pay
debts' and will he made at the court
hbsse door, in the city of Shreveport on
A.riL lthe t. th at 12 o'clock m.
DUNCAN C. HARRIS. Tutor.
Caucasian, March 8, t9o3.
"RECEIVERSHIP SALE.
No. 6874-Receivership of Shreveport
-Abstract' and Guarantee Investment
Company.
-.By -virtue of an order of Judge A. D.
Laud, First District Court, Caddo Par
ish La., I will sell at public auction at
the courthouse, Shreveport, La.. on
SATURDAY, APRIL 12. 1903.
at 12 rp..;the personal property of above
corporation . .s set forth in inventory on
file in aibove court.
Tevms of sale cash, for not less than
so thtirds aporaised value
C. WV. HIARDY. Receiver.
1The sro oressiv.e mierchant insists that
los cler.,s prisetlt a tncat appearance be
e-' ise ithe renresce't his store and his
goods. He insists that his stationery pre
'.int a neat a ipearance because it repre
s' nts htis lcit'nets. If we nrint it you will
be sa isied.I ltout one thousand.