DRI. WY'MANS WT1K.
ýHECKING THE SPREAD O :NFEC
T7OUS AND CONTAGIOUS DISEASES.
-.lte.yrme Laborantiry to Be ;;ntab
1a).n, In Connection Wiith the
7 mbl.d Staten Marin(e Hlopital Serv
-~3,-A . temarLnlile Menanerle.
i{peial C' rr , I, nde!rn(r.]
1T.sni'ý,.o, Aug. 12. -The United
': s warine h,> iital sri i.e, which
7'w.s to do witi the giuarlding of our
a se, and boundary lines against the
lov r ing of con tagious :Ilan ilnfctions
: }isewsc. from other cuIIIntri.s, is one of
$:,* nsst implortant. th, ;,hi geonr:llly
e,,s1? understood, of till \-aIiour s tuIle
suins of our governlmenl. Few people,
g imagine, have any adequate (conlce
"?.n of its worlhwide w\i l a;nd :inny
ratjitientions. 'The mnachlilory of this
13cva'u of the treasury department
-irRl'es along so tc,nt: l ,iy lthat an Aimer
1;ra2 citizeu may be Iretty intelligent
.nad ell infornied and yet realize little
or the debt lie owes a:: onoI of 7.ln)OO.St)
itizens to the faithful oficers of this 1
ser.rcse. It looks after both ends of I
h national quarantine, the foreign
.sndl the domestic, working steadily
sklon on our seaboard. in interior :
s axts. in our outlying possessions and
'ln foreign countries. i
Folks generally look upon the work l
Vs( the imarine hospital service as being ]
,ws.ned to the seaports and especially I
s.. ing to the navy and the merchant I
mnarlne. But this is yuly a part, and a
ro..mparatively small part, of its activi
tMeir. Its great work is to fight against
wle iavasions of disease, whether com
.)i-g by sea or land, such as yellow
st. mallpox, cholera and the
.pague
Supervising Surgeon General Walter -
.Wy.ma is at the head of this Impor
-nat bwanch of the government and "
gms inder him 95 commissioned o8- ,
.ters 150 noncommlssioned officers and
4i9 attemlants and employees. The
'c1s& has 22 marine hospitals, besides
ll asediral stations.
For thetfacilitation of the work of the
anarlae bospitai service there is now to r
e- established in connection with it a
ylglitme c ahoratory of extensive pro. t
z:-tas and ample equipment, plans 1
fm-a wblcb bare been prepared, and the a
.,,nrk of construction is about to be be
1
i. I
sI
Ousual ALma WALTEa wYMA&.
Sm. The main building, to cost
WA0L will be built of brick and in its
idadm lines will somewhat resemble
e White House. In this will be roomi
:ir a fatelty of 80 scientlsts-bacterl
slirgts biologists. zoologists, ento
e.lagits and chemists. A menagerle,
StiH g 1i,000 for the shelter of ani
2als Used for medical experiments,
ill be a unique annex. A complete
wer*tary for disease ailected beasts
.r* be another novel I1 r . 'h'a
~ellaoieda of buildlngs . .: a
D.-lece tract upon theirh £r r.:t a',lI
ev blete reserration of the old naval
S+MeraRtery. Peom their windows the
mew faculty of mvants will view the
"W House. the monument, the capl
-el. the braed expanse of the mall, the
gse, with its green banks, and the
a manalom above the verdant
This aw Institution was conceived
• . segeon General Wyman, and it
Ill bi under the direct cbarge of Dr.
S J. ,seseaea. a distinguished Phila
l'gd )a iaettrioloist.
hEbsre will be no other building In
SIh marod lke the menagerie. Its rules
atr dhestorcement of cleanliness will
*~ mare rigid than those which bind
rle.heblts of human beings. It will be
sm iR brick barn of modern architece
la r cotaiting stalls and cages foe
bean rattlesnakes, alligators, tr
, horses. goats, ealves. dogs, rats,
-ss. guinaea pigs cbhickens, pigeons
at what not. very wall and ceillng
s tile d, like those of our modern
su ilkIssm. Every foor will be cement
.d ada will slaope into a central culvert.
al the malaest cranny and corner
r ~ e partment will be oushed with
"IapCs K premanganate of potash and
-mI e acd solutions. preventing the
i a aiegseo may disease micalrobes other
'ha dips iunved by the ezperimen
Tsa lAlmt crematory, In which men
- e tmts will be treated to the
est/ asdatie sad aristocratic mortn
s geseess nlaveted by man. is to be
se isro upon dhstinctly novel lines.
ies epse will be similar to those
eseil Abire bsmap corpse disposal, but
M easr of an improved attachment
I srr will be made ,a seething
ma of Uin i h. which will quickly
r e oph s she introduced car
*dg g asca their contaminatang
Sprems. MTb each individual
r-tn dyl agil the cause of the many
be. A an- or iSperior kingdom will
. of pestilence such as
4the earth or taes
Banum. Rosesa
IMPORTANT CAPTURE.
A Filipino Next in limpeertance to Aguin.
aido Taken a Prisoner.
Manila, Aug. 16.-Second Lieutenant
Walter S. Grant, Sixth cavalry, while
scouting with a detachment near Taal,
Batangas province, made what military
authorities consider the most important
capture since Aguinalda was made pris.
oner. Grant captured Colonel Martin
Cabrera, his adjutant and six other in
surgents. Cabrera has been growing in
power for some ti:ne. He controlled all
insurgents in southern Batangas and
also those westward of the city of Bat
angas.
Colonel Pangan Iban, a captain and
26 rifles and considerable ammunition
surrendered to Lieutenant Smith, of
the Twentieth infantry, near Luzon.
They formed a portion of General Mal
vers' command. After taking the oath
of allegiance they were released.
Captain Policarpo. a lieutenant and
five men from the Sixth company, Mal.
vers' command, also surrendered to Col.
Baldwin, refusing payment for their ii
fies and revolvers, saying they surren
dered for peace, not money.
Lieutenant Evans reports he has not
seen or heard of any insurgents recently
on the Island of Mindoro. He reports
the burning of a camp, however, and
succeeded in capturing 30 tons of rice.
He says the people in the valley back of
Naujan reside in the richest farming
country of the islands. The district is
thickly settled and plentifully supplied
with cattle and rice.
Ni O MORE CAR RATES.
Small Shippers Can No Longer Combin,
and SRhp by Car Loads.
New York, Aug. 16.-It has been as
eertained from official sonroes that rail
roads in the Southern association and
their connecting steamer lines between
northern and southern ports are endear.
oring to prevent the oonsolidating ol
emall shipments to Texas pointe-les,
than carload into carload lots-for the
purpose of obtaining the lower freight
rate given on carload consignments.
The point was made that the prac
tice has assumed quite extensive pro
portions and bas ceased a los in reve
nue to carriers concerned. Some doubt,
however, is entertained among mer.
chants here as to the outcome, in point
of increase in the revenue, of efforts to
stop the practice.
The Mallory Line has already given
aotioe to shippers to the effect that
small oensignments from different ship
pers cannot be bulked together on the
dock in order to get the lower earload
rating. The Morgan Line, it is under
stood, has issued, or is about to issue, a
similar notice The Mallory Line states
in substance that in order to get the car
load rating, shipments must be made by
one shipper from one of oriin and to
one consignee, that carload rates will
not be given on small consignments of
goods from different quarters and ship
pers and consolidation on the docks.
MAY NOT STRIKE.
Itil Opirators Net Unenimnm la Fere
;s& the Agreed Ectmetioa.
Fall River, Mass., Aug. 16.-Opp.el
tion to wage proposition seems to have
developed unespectedly ad several mills
that were on the list of the promoters
of the movement now are in the donbt
ful colman. As the sitation stands i,.
$00,000 spindles are now classed as ers
to be pledged an8 900,000 m classed a
8oabtfal.
The spinners' and carders' unon
have nladorsed the motaon of their exeou
tire committees in opposing the wage
redotien. The delegates to the textile
conference were instructed to vote hi
favor of opposing reduction. No action
'uld be taken by either meeting until
after the meeting of the textile confer
ance, and the meeting of the textile
coference, and the textile conference
itself anot take final action being an
advisory board and at an execautive
one The textile conference will recom
med opposition to a reductioa and will
probably outline some plan of action to
be followed.
All the unions claim that they are in
strong financial condition and able to
stand a long straggle. In addition to
their resources help will be asked from
unions in other cities and the usual as
sesmrents will be levied.
SAVED HIS PRISONER'
Shi Dri m a Mob 4tw the Jill Who
Ar. st o e LEqaeahg.
Tusealoosa, Ala., Aug. 16.-A mob of
0 men entered the il1 before daylight
yesterday determined to lynch a
negro, Henry Pratt, ohberged with at
tempted asmalt on Sallie Rice, a little
white girl. Sherif Kyle ad suspected
diager and was sleeping at the jail.
The mob forced a way up the steps in
the first parot the jail.eed as a dwell
inLg by the deputies. The men entered
the room and slipped pistol from be
asath the heead of se sleeping sheriff.
He awoke and when he reached for his
pistol he found it was gone. The sher
if then got up, prooured a shotgun anad
drve the mob from the jail.
Thirty Theaiami Orkis lvaylv-d.
New York, Aug. 1.-It is e.ir.ated
that 80,000 girls will be involved in the
strike of Seanel waist and womeas' and
ehildres' wear industry in and near
this aity next week. An Increse of the
wages and a anitorna working day are
the objects aimed at.
--er Audomm womlastod.
Norfolk, Aug. 16.-Major W. A. An
berson of Roekbridge, was nominated
aiterney genseal by Democratic state
esaventio on the second ballot. The
-oiattoa leer was made mai..
CHILD RESUSCITATED.
Lightning Opens a Chill's Casket and
the Little One Speaks.
IArned, Kai., Aug 16.-At the town
of IHanston, 23 miles west of here, the
5-year-old da~ghter of Samuel McPrease
died, or seemed to die, Sunday morn.
ing. Funeral servic, s were held Tues
day. On the way to the .elmetry the
metali casket was struck by a bolt of
lightning and split into. There u:on, to
the amazement and consternation of
the funeral party, the chili sat up and
called for her mother. The horses were
knocked down, but no other damtne
was done. The little girl is in a fair
way to recovery. It is believed she
was in a cataleptic state, from which
the shock of lhghtning aroused her.
People living in the vicinity of Hans,
ton, who were in the funeral processiou,
tell many strange stories in connection
with the occurrence. Some of them say
that just prior to the flash of lightning,
a peculiarly soft, mellow light appeared
in the sky, which was so pronounced in
its difference from sunlight as to at
tract attention and occasion comment.
It is also said that the lightning, af
ter passing through the metalic coffin,
passed along the running gear of the
spring wagon and out on the double
and single trees and burnt the end of
the leather traces so that when the
horses that had been knocked down
struggled to their feet, they were prac
tically unhitched from the vehicle that
contained the coffin.
What is thought to be one of gm
strangest ftatures of the remarkable eo.
ourrence and which strengthens the be
lief of those who contend that it was s
manifestation of divine power, is that
nobody was killed or even serious ly in.
jured by the lightning.
Mrs. MoPreas has been prostrated
since the return from the cemetery,and
almost hysterical at times, and it is
feared her mind may have been affected.
COLOMBIAN WAR.
Reports of Engagsemsat Show Fighting
Has Beeomo Fiaere.
New York, Aug. 16. -Details regard.
ing the Venezuelan-Colombian conflict
of July 25 have been received and con
veyed the first intimation that the bat
tie was a serious one. The engagement
was fought at Las Pilias, La Parada
and Pirineos and lasted 26 hours. The
Colombian forces were compelled to re
tire, but not before 1100 of both sides
had been killed and wounded. Among
these were General Resendo Medina of
the Venezuelan side and four colonels.
The army of 60,000 invaders was divid
ed into 28 regiments, some of which
were of the regular Colombian army,
commanded by government officers and
using the army artillery,
Because of the strict postal, press and
cable censorship exercised, the victories
won by the rebels in several battles were
until now given as mere rumors. On
July 10, according to insurgent advices,
General Jose M. Castillo defeated the
government troops under General Luis
Veles at Palmira, taking a great many
prisoners and supplies. General Clodo
miro Castillo won a battle over a regi
meat that attempted to intercept his
semmand in its march to Rio Hacha.
General Marin's forces have won sev
eral engagements, and now practieally
onmtrol, the department of Tolima. Two
other battles, with kvorable results for
the rebels, took place at Oanansas and
Gatiana, department of Panama.
Feaour battles have been fought during
the last month in the south of Cauca,
which were also government defeats,
though details are lacking.
JOHN D. ELLIOTT DEAD.
. Was Well SKown ia Texas, [misYl
aippl mad Latsilnu.
Denver, Aug. 16.-Colonel Jokn D.
Elliott..a prominent ex-Confederate sol.
dier bud leader, is dead at his country
home near Fort Logan, south of this
city.
Colonel Elliott was acting governor of
Mississippi in 1858 when Governor Foote
lay stricken with yellow fever. At that
time he organised the most extensive
relief system ever known in the south
to cope with the epidemic of yellow
fever.
Colonel Elliott was a political leader
hi Tpxas in 'atter years, residing at
Bonham. As an editor he published
newspapers in Mississioni, Louisiana
and Texas. He has lived in Denver for
some time where he gained fame as a
lawyer. He was taken ill in June
while returning from Texas, the disease
developing into the drp-yv of the heart,
which caused his death. His wife and
one son, J. F C. Elliott of Luhnug, TeL,
survive him.
Found Dead After Iright.
San Francisco. Aug. 16.-News of the
death of Otto (ribb, the Australian
pngilist, has been received here. On
the night of July 22, Cribh fought
"Micky" Dunn in Sydner, before the
Gaity Athletic club. The fight lasted
nine rounds and ended in a knock-out,
Dann being the victor. The enlxt morn
ing Cribb was found dead in bed. He
was well known on the coast, having
fought several batrtles here. His real
name was A. O. Simpson.
Mlasing Vesel Found Vreeked.
San Francisco, Aug. 16 -E yond a
reasonable doubt the missing ship Man
chaster m hich sailed from New York on
Aug. 83. 1800, with a cargo of kerosene
for Yokahama has been found. She
lies a total wreck on Desert island of
Piked in the Marshall group. How
many persons survived the loss of the
vessel is not known, but it is claimed a
woman and her children were landed on
the island. Their footprints remain am
the sad of the beech.
EliBERIF"S bALel
No. U6~4-1i F;rst District Court, Cadd
Parish. LouIstana-HU irs of 3 Levy, Jr, vw
Peter J Trezevant, syndic.
By virtue of a writ of seizure and sale to
me directed by the Honorable First Die
trict Court of Louisiana, Palrish of Caddo,
iJ the eboveentitled suit, I have seized
• and will proceed to sell at public auction,
furceso, without the benefit of appraise
ment, at the principal front door of the
courthouse, in Shreveport, La, during the
legal hours for sales, on
SATURDAY AUGUSTr 31, 1901,
toe following described real 'eatate,ý with
all the buildings eaOl in rovem tsts t here
on, situated in the parish of Caldo and
State of Laulsiana, to-wit: An undivided
one halt interest in and to the south part
ol southwest quarter of northwest quarter,
and south part of fractional southeast
quarter of northwest quarter, and Irac
tional west halt of northeast quarter of
southwest quarter, and northwe.t qiarter
ol southwest quarter, and fractional west
half of southeast quarter of southwest
quartet and southwest quarter of south
west quarter of section S8,. and fractional
northeast quarter of southeast quarter,
and south part of fractional southeast
quarter ot northeast quarter and south
'ast quarter of southeast quarter and
fractional southwest quarter of st utheast
quarter and tractional southeast quarter
of southwest quarter of st c:ion ;4, town
sip 22 north, range 14 west; and north
cast quarter of01 northeast quarter of section
8, and tractional northwest quarter of
fractional northwest quarter of section 2,
lying north of Dooley's Bayou, and north
west quarter and west halt of northeast
quarter and southeast quarter of northeast
quarter of section 3, all In townphip 21
north, range 14, ueontainng live hundred
and eighty-six acres, more or less.
Also the eatlre interest of 8 J Z ilgler, he
being sole owner, in and to that Portion of
section 8, lying west of LDoley's Bayou.
and east halt of southeast quarter of
sectlen 4, .townshlp 21 north, range 14
west; to besold t n.ake the tum of $8,000
with a per Jent per annum interest on said
sum from May 6, 1901, and all costs ol suialt,
inoludlng costs of copies, together witL.
10 per oent on said debt and Interest as
aattornsys fees.
8. J. WARD,
Sheriff Caddo parish, La.
Caucasian, July.24. 1901.
. . . . . . . .
AMUrNDB) OBRINAN.CB
At a meetlng of he Pollice Jury held July
1, 1901, the followiag amendments to the
road ordinance wau aoopted:
Section 7 amended to read "Good Roads
onommitee to constat of lour olstead of
three-three members from the Jury and
one citizen mem'ier to be selected by them.
Jurors .;Lth, uives and Means were
eecoted by accolamation, who in turn
appointed A. Querbes as the citizen
member sad chalt man of said onaImlttee."
Seotion 6 amended to read "On and after
March 1 of the year In which taxes are
mpoeed, and that all vehicles sutJeet to
llceneelhalil bear a licena tag for the year
in which it is faued, to be fnralnahe by
the tax collector and chargeable to the
o d fnlcd."
Section 5 amended to read One horse
wagon or eart," sand the lollowlng rtes
made and adopted:
Bicycles e ....... ......................
carriagea, surreye or drag..........,. I
Buggy*.................. ............ 1 00
One hore wagos or oart... .......... i
Two Lorne wagon.....................0
Four horse Wages.................. 1 00
.x horse wagon.......... .......... 1 00
Log..wago............................... 1 00
P P Kal re, President.
A L DUBl~GO E,,Clert.
July 7, 1901.
BUY YOUR
POV AND fIDER
From
Andrea hrbes
Shreveport, La.
C. BOETZ,
Famil
Croecries
'827 TEXAS STREE1.
Come asd examine my new cae.a
grocery stock. Ever) thing at Ies
sonable Drices Don't forEetthe niaces
)OMMERCI AL
National Bank,
CAPITA S 100.000
SURPLUS. db'-rd 71.000,
SAVING DEPARTMENT
OFF1CEBb
PKT YOI'KEE.................Presides
8~ H. YOUBEE ...... ... .ViaPremsdit
5. M. WATSO ............ ........Cashie
Accounts and; collections respect
fully solicited.
U. DREYFUS & CD
WrHOLES>.LI 9UýALERS 1N
Dry (,i , Bo·,t, Shoes and "'Het
U e,. .I'RIN, &ND.CROUKET'T STIr.,trs (
SrnuPl a&r-rF&Jl-I^N P' 0 TO 'n3Y RY O'R DEFS
&cALKY HUvTKh. SAM HUN'IKtR HAWK ilHtJTEKT
HUNT E.: r0
'bolesaie Grocers and Commission Merchants .
111 and 113 MILAM STRHBTf
Plantation Supplies, Eagging and Ties.
DEALrJS 11P
Hay, Corn, Oats. Bran and Chops
Prompt attention to all orderq on sbrrt noltce at bottom prlIes. All favors appreclate
BOWERS DRUG STORE
SUCCESSOR TO AUIG. J BOGEL,
Books. Statbonery, Tol et
Articles and Fancy GOoods
annascturer of Flavoring Extracts, Pnre Sooa and Mineral Water,
gest for Smith Prm iir Typewaiting Machine, Garden SeedJ:and;Noveltle
esorsptliou Carefnlly Conmponuded
:With the Freshest and Best Dry.g
Ceourieou..ants P-mot Attention. A!l Favors Appresiated
FRESH GARDEN SEEDS.
FRED W BOWERS Proprietor
Corner Market and Texas Street
C C HARDMAN,
Wholesale and RetatlDealer in
Lumber, Shingles, Sash
Doors, Blinds and General House
Finishtin Goods.
P. :R t11 S3L t33 , i car. Sprlag amd Crockett.
LUMBER YARD, cor. Lakeoaad McNeil Ste. ~kreveport, La.
Te Flrreei Brs. Dry Goods Co
LIMITID
EXCLUSIVELY WHOLESALs DE&ALER3 lIN
Dry don:ds. Notions, Boots, Shoes. Hats
160, 619 sd-414 Lev . New York Oibz, 77 Franl. 8tr
Have You Any Shoes
To be half soled or repaired bring or send them
to me and you will save 25 per cent on the dollar.
Men's half soles sewed, $1; nailed 75 cents; boys
half soles 50 cents; ladies, 50 cents; little misses,
40 cents. I use only the best oak sole leather.,
Fine Bools aid Shoes Made to Order.
L. TONNIES, 821 Texas Avenue,
t a
I ne Imouse wire's Delight.
In warm weather is a good ice
chest that is ecouom cal in the use of
Ic and is easy k)pt sweet and clen
for the reception of perishable folds
We have s splendid stock of ire c
made by the best m lnufacturere a.gI
at the lowest prices.
One of th se and a good Gaso Nat
Stove will complete a house w
happiness for the whole heated te
F. MARTEL & SON,
-,2111 TEXAS STREET.
Fs'Phone 555.
Fish Globes.
FREE FOR TWO WEEKS
,ar; lull three monthe
COUR.B :IN BHORTkLAND,
f you can read you. can learn shorthana
) our system, which beats the world. ho
Interruption from busineess. Full course
by mail. We can teach you just as seo
esaafnlly in your own hone as at a school
shorthand writets in great demand. In
rease your salary,by eharning týis most
valuable art.
To advertise our sbchool ar peerless
y7-tem of teaching by mail. we rill glos a
lull eourse to a imlted number who are
willing to do a few bourn' pleasant work
cr us free. We aisist graduates In ob
taming positions and set them up In
busness for themselves. Send self ad
reseed enveloie for particulars.
'C( TU.BINA SHORT'H AD SCHOOL
TO fisl. saw Ravu ('innn
lW es Dreyfss, Davld, Taer
OREYFUSS & TASBER~.
Pirc 'Insurance Agents.
222 Milam Street. Pr
Eespectfully solicits a share
of your business
icribe for . oasi,