r- IF YOU NEED MONEY,
M ONEY TO LOAN. And can not call,'phone 561, two rings
All Amounts. Personal Collateral. and we will call on you personally- All
Watches, JewUi!ry, Diaremonds, Guns, Etc. transactis, rt PanfirkCl.
Bargains in taredeeme Pledgps L. TEKILSKI, The Slireveort Pawnroker
.. .. . . 41.9. x .... ao ,,.,rr,
THE CAUCASIAN
T.e Coucokesn PUhl!ra).R CO GenY
")FFCIAL ORGA "V
OF THE
m"ARISH OF CADDO
A CONVICTION IN TANGII'AHOA
A decent respect for law and jus
!L.c long since trampled under foot
.aeems to have reasserted its sway in
F'angipahoa parish, as three of the
siix bo'dlumF rcc utly tried at Amite
City for the murder and outrage of
r he tpmale members of t ae Nickerson
gamlly-all negroes-have been con
•victed, but without capital Iunish
-'ieut" 'They merited the extreme
1peus!ty of the law, but the peniten
tiary for life is better than au acquit
,tal of such desperadoes, which has
unitormly been the custom of juries
heretofare in that lawless and be
mighted parish.-Louiwnsua (Alezan
drls) Democrat.
A conviction in Taugipahoa is sur
s.prisiug. In the past ten years manuy
.outrages and murders have been com
mitted in that parish, but as a rule
the guilty hare esceped.
TOBACCO SPIT
L: L Ia I end SMOKE
Your Lifeawayl
Won can be cured of any form ,t tobacco using
.easily, be made well, strong, m agrietic, full of
Sew life and vigor by taking MPTO-I4AO,
that makes weak men strong. Many gain
Spounds in ten days. Over 500,00
red. All druggists. Cure guaranteed. Book
..et and advice PERu. Address STERLING
LgMMDY CO., Chicagso or ew York. 437
JUSTIC3E OF THE PEACE ANP
LEMAL MARRIAUES
A correspondent of the Times
T)emocrat aske the suitor of the
Qurations and Answers column of
4bhat paper It justices of the peace can
4egally celebrate a marriage ceremony
'an Louisiana. and the Times-Demo
crat replies "No, they ein,,t." If
thi answer of the T-D is correct
wometting less than a million Illegal
*arriagee have taken place in this
etate since the constitution of 1898
ras adopted.-Alexandria Town
Valk.
And if the answer is correct the
-eillion of illegal marriages shcu'd
be legalised" The authority of jus
sices Qf the peace to marry until now
bas never been quePtioned. The mar
tiages by justices of the peace should
be legalized by s~ act ot the Legisla
Lure. WLen people desire to marry
will know that a justice of the peace
-bahe no a'thority they wi 1 seek a
inistter or a judge having the power
snd authority to marry.
But bas the T as interpreted the
article of the constitution correctly?
_IIS FATHBR'3 IONORANOB
Tcmmy (ltodyloug his lesson)-I
esy, pa, where does the Merrimac
isrt: and into what sea doer it empty?
k'a-[ don't know, my son.
Tommy--You don't know, eh ?
And tomorrow the teacher will lick
sne on account of your igutrauce.
Malarti Geauee. iltoueneee. 2
Orove's Tasteless Chill Tonic remove
thi cause.
An Addrese to the Devil
Many a poet has tried to court the muss
by making as address to the devil, but it
bas been reserves for a Balttmore clergy
Mean, a Suanay or two ane*, to address his
whole sermon to that very dlsnnguisbhed
.a rsoange.
Rev Mr Bruaner, speaking of the temp
4tloat, telt that the assumacy of the devil
oi claiming the world for his own, deserves
a reboke Ovee at this lt day. He, there
fore, eotered lite a elieuseeio of the whole
aubjeet, giving his side of the ase.
As to whether his arguments were con
qtaelng remains to be seoo, but i as a little
aotable that is this day, whoa polities and
almoet everything else has become, popular
'dn the pulpit, there should remais a tow
4lergyme who still doem the devil worthy
t1 attentloes-Ataita Constltutl.s.
The clergyman who has the "nerve"
to. jump on the devil during these
hot sweltering days of June is a man
ot action, full of faith and earnest
resolutlon. It is always popular to
dwell on eebjects which are pleasing,
bat to tackle and wrestle with hell
rAd the devil at this season, is heroic.
T'hý, Chicago N.,ws says: John I)
I:.oeketeller has dikrovered Ihat there
.s one ileac where he is appreciated."
T.':r( will be another later on.
llonuton: Post: No, indeed, MIc
Kipiley isn't responsible for the boll
weevil; Fe is only responsible for
the prsptrity end of the admiinistra
The colored brother celebrated
Ernucipalout Day on Weduseday,
but there was no rain. The colored
brother should keep celebrating until
there is adownpour, a regular root
searcher anu, soaker.
A few uuiday School picuics at
this time would probably induce Old
Pluvius to turn loose his sprinkling
apparatus on the crops, which need
rai.
A c;ear brain end tieaitty body are
essential for success. Husiness men,
Le.acoers. students, houseWiVes, and other
workers s y Htod's Sarsaparilla gives
them appetilt and sareagtb, and mak -
their w rk seem easy. it overcomes that
tired fteling.
Temperance Regulations.
The New York Sun says: "Fifty
counties of Alabama, filty of Arkan
sas, thirty of Florida, 133 of Georgia,
ninuety of Kentucky, twenty ot Louis
iausa, fifteeu of Maryland, eighty-four
of Missi uri, sixty of North Carolina'
seventy of Tennessee, 120 of Texas,
tdilty five of Virginia and forty of
West Virginia have adopted temper
auce regulations which prohibit the
sale at retail of liquor within their
territory, save on medical prescrip
tions."
WILD BILL, THE PREACHBR
There Is traveling through the
c untry a preacher on wheels-" Wild
Bill"-who as reported is a bigger
man thau Sam Jones and as ex
pressed by one of his admirers who
had heard him lambut his bearers,
said. "Sam Jones wasn't in it for a
minute with that gentleman." The
(.asette, published at itarmerville,
La;. devotes a column to "Wild Bill,"
who travels in a wagon with a musi
cal corps of women, men and chil
dren, with an organ and a cornet. HIls
vernacular Is on the Sam Jones
style and a little louder, and like
Sam Jones what is styled his lis.
course is simply a series of abusive
epithets and ridicule. But some
people would not be redeemed from
heel unless they had some man like
Sam Jones and "Wild Bill" to whoop
up religion into them. It .is said
"'Wild Bill" can preach "to beat the
band."
Ex-Governor ii Pugree o Michi- i
gan who died recently, will live long
in the memory of the people who
loved him. While governor, he in.
augurated reforms in his State which
aroused the resentment of politiciaus
oand time servers. Hlis traducers can
do him no harm. He was fearless
and he was honest.
It is not probaole tmat Prophet
Smith Is any crazier than Dowle, but
he is in a different community.
Houston Post.
In a differeut community ? Decid
edly! lie was lynched in Bossier
parish Wednesday night.
The converting o oe le iather into
porterhouse steas doesn't seem so
a upendovs a teat when we renmember
the uumber of cooks who aally con
vert porterhouse steak into sole
leather.--liouston Post.
There is some diflerence between
cooks and cooks. Any sort of a cook
can daily convert a porterhouse steak
into sole leather, but it takes a cook
which is a cook to convert a side of
sole leather into a tender, juicy steak.
Houston Poeu : "kaies was re
ceived at Butlalo as the hero of Porto
Rico. This does not conflict with
Sampson, who has been declared
"'ero of Santiago" by the board of
fabrication.
Ones to Wazibachle.
Waxahachie, Tex., June 22.-Waxa
hachie gets Trinity university. The
committee on the location of the uni
versity having this week visited Itasca,
Corsicana and Waxahachie and investi
gated their bids and local conditions,
has decided to report the bids to the sy
nod and recommend Waxahachie for lo
cation of the university. Waxahachie's
bid of $50,000 cash in the bank, $15,000
guaranteed cash, 10 v'res of ground for
campus, valued at $7500, making a total
of $72,5(6, and in addition an equity in
$7500 vendor lien notea on lots, making
in all $80,000. The decision of the com
matee was ananimogs.q
Tile LYNCHING IN 1 OSSUIfR
The New Orleans Pies yutie, in an
editorial reviewing the lynlching in
Bossier, says:
"Anyone who knows the extent to
which the ignuornt hacks are eplcr
ated upn)u and controlled by re
ipgicu supersti'ious can at once see
'he highly pernicious and most au
grrous influences Prophtet Emith
with his pretenalouts to aiVnne inower
and authority, would be able to ext rt
over the ignorant and suprstitlous
negroes, aud that the sittiation bshould
have driven the white peopl,i of
Bossier parish to extrerne measures,
however much tte step,was deplored
is easily understood
There are still alive persons who
remember the tragic events of the
negro outbreak in Soutbhampton
county, Va., in 1831. A negro
preacher, named Nat Turner, as
aumed the title of "Gabriel,' and
claiming to enjoy divine inspiration,
author ty and power, undertook the
destruction of the white race and the
freeing of the slaves. Starting out
one Sunday night, in the autumn of
1831, Turner, with his little army of
mounted uektoes, rode swiftly from
house to house in a country neigh
borhoood and slaughtered, without
distinction of age or sex, all the
whites who fell into his hands. In a
short time the negroes had killed 56
white persons, including the entire
family of Turner's master, while the
negroes bal not..auffered a single
lose.
"Forty-eight hours elapsed before
the waites were able to make any
headway against Turner's sudden and
ferocious movement, and doubtless
e would have wrought a vast deal
more of hayoc but, flushed with vic
tory, he attempted to capture Jerusa
le m, the seat of Southamton county.
rhete he was met by a determined
body of well armed whites who de
teated the negroes and put them to
rout. Turner and fifty-three other
negroes were captured and brought
to trial. Of these the leader and sev.
enteen others were couvicten and
executed by hanging,
"Postibly the only connection that
cnu be tound between the Bossier
omurderof a week past and the Nat
l'urner massacre of 70 years ago is
that they were instigated by religions
superstition and fanaticism. There
have been, in the history of the
world, many founders of alleged re
ligions movements who adopted in
discriminate slaughter as the chief
means of advancing and propagating
toeir Influence. Such men have been
in every age the curse of their kind
and have wrought terrible havoc
upon the human race."
LExra seerlon Called.
Austin, June 22.-Governor Sayers
has issued a proclamation calling the
legislature in special session Aug. I.
190l1. The proclamation gives the pur.
poses for which it is called as follows:
To make appropriations for the sup
oxrt of the state government for the
next two years beginning Sept. 1, 1901
usd ending Aug. 31, 1903.
To apportion the state for congression
i1. senatorial, representative and judi
ial purposes.
To considler and act upon snch othe:
natters as may be presented by the ex
,cutive according to the constitution.
Rehearlng In the Dent Ca.e.
Au;' in, Tc- . Jane 2"..-The court of
!riminal appals ha. ,cI i i.ld to erant
rehearing in the ca:e of \V. J I)nit.
!,. all--g(-d forger of a pardon wherely
S'! 1!1. c(lnvic((t w.ri turnil out of the
nDorit:nt ary. Judge R.,b rt SMay of
Jal:a., D.nt's iaw v.ve-r, is here and stated
'hat a; er f. .i action of the court here
ihe case will be appealed to the United
States supret!e court on the grouni
that the trial of Dent as acc, ss",ry t(
murtder without introdue-ion of evi
lence on that point is unconstitutional.
Changed Potsitions.
Fort Worth, Tex., June 22.-D. P.
Beckham, manager of the Postal Tele
graph company, has tendered his resig
nation to General Manager C. P. Rus.
sell, effective July 1. He will be
succeeded here by Miss E. M. Cotton,
now connected with the office. Beck.
ham goes with the Western Union and
has accepted the managership of the
office at El Paso.
Queer Indian Namme.
Washington, June 23.-Payments to
Northwestern Indians for lands and on
account of the distribution of shares in
tribal funds were numerous during the
past week. Some of the names of the
warrants, which had to be signed by
Mr. Ailes, assistant secretary of the
treasury, before Ithey were negotiable,
were amusing enough to attract atten
tion even when noted in a mass of
routine work. One of the Indians was
dosp ih, aiother SklB abir.. while
anfocage ftemald W~e Viola Allen.
Nity, Pretty Lip sad Fszy Top.
TWO LYNClElD.
Prophet Smith and F D McLand
Hanged
& Conspiracy to Murder John
Gray Foster
Oin Wed"res la night, a week after .J ,hn
Grav Foster bad been asse luated by
Prince Edwerds, two nDgrees, F.r rk
nimlth, known as the prphet, and F I) Me
Lan, were hanged on the Arkaness road
one and one-halt miles from Dinton by a
number of c!tizene who, aft.r a q lit in
quiry. concluded that the public peace
an 'safety demanded the summeir exeeu
tlon of the two min: named, who were
taken from the,Benton jail whero they had
been Incarcerated.
"Pronhet" Smith was beyond,.doubt a
dangerous men and a disturber of the
pe ce. He was governed in his actions by
what may be called; a religious frenzy,
and in that state of mind had assumed
thl t he was a messiah and possessed pow
are wnich would keen him safe from harm
while he d fled the law and conspired
with his deluded follower.. Smith was the
head of an organiz'tion which had its a I
gin In Houston, Texas. He claimed that
aI! his acts w.re inspirations:trom God. a
b asphemy of itself,but with this pretend, d
supernal influence he held his gang into
ready aubmiselon to his will and his, com
mands' He was the Prophet of the
"Church of:the.Living (God," the head of
thesupremecouncil, while L 1) McLanl
was treasurer and P Edwards was senrP.
tary, each belag a "prince" in the
church.
It was "Proph t" Smith who prophesied
the destruction of (alves'on by storm and
Houston by a cyolone. The Galveston
horror, which came soon after his predict
ion, gave him great power over the ns
groes. He led over a hundred of his race
from Houston to Shreveport under a labor
contract and a number of these were on
the Fester plantation. Alter he had
reached the city be pr dieted the destruct
Ion of Shreveport by firs and water. He
was run out of Shreveport by the pollee as
ting a dangerous charaoter. So great was
his influence that his absurdities were
accepted oy hble dupes:with the Implicit
confldence of fallb,
It has been aeveloped that John Gray
foster hid incurred the enmity of the
prophet. whose disple.setr I e had aroused
by a reproval, and who therefore was a
man doomed to die. Had Edwards not
kUied Mr Fester, the prophet or some ether
negro of the gang would have attempted
hie murder. The gun fired by Edwards
had Deen loaded by Prophet Smith.
These developments sustain the disg
seals of the ease by the CGaueuia, In
whlh it wee stated that the seeaueloatloa
was the result of a eoaspli ay which had
been precipitated by the attest on Mr
Foster by the women to the iold. It has
ales developed that Proohet Smith sad his
gang had been plotting sgalnst the whites.
"1rlnoe" MoLand, the segre lynched I
with the "prophet" was a ready and a.
willing tool. He obeys4 Implicitly. It
has been said i his favor teat be had
asselted or had offered to assist Mr Vickers
when Mr Foster was murdered, but this
has been disproved. He was no douht a
full saoomplieo of Smith and Edwards.
When being lel to execution It is sald
that the "prophet" sailed on God to save
him. He aid not realise that the Giver of
All Good could not answer his blasphemy.
He asserted as a proof el his lnnoeenes
that a star In Heaven to which he ee.atl
st, would go out. The star shines still; it
did not go out.
Prophet Smith pleaded his Innocence sad
begged for his lift like a dog. He was a
craven, a coward, trembling with terror
Moeand wes more resolute. He declared
that he had no connectLon with the murder
and wu Innocent.
The women, Manday Edwerds a.d
Phyllis Hamilton, were not molested. In
tbe mob were many who favored the
execnt on of these women as a warning to
others of their class who are murderously
Inclined, but the leaders were Arm in their
opolDetion and the women were s .red
Hardy Will Not Ran.
Corsicana, Tex., June 22.--In response
to published and personal requests from
various sections of the county, asking
that he become a candidate for congress,
Judge Rufus Hardy announces that
under no circumstances will he enter
the race.
Mother and Children Burned.
Rogers, Tex., June 22.--Mrs. Miley
Calhoun and her three children were
burned to death by the explosion of a
kerosene oil can with which Mrs. Cal.
houn was lighting a lamp. A child
struck a match, causing the catastrophe.
Mr. Calhoun was also badly burned.
Two Children Drowned.
Austin, June 21.-While playing in
the Colorado river Thursday afternoon,
Ida Putnam aged 10 years, and Smith
Putnam, aged 8 years, were drowned.
They were the children of John Put
nam, a prominent citizen of Travis
county.
Had Glanders.
Sherman, Tex., June 22.-Deputy
Sheriff Morrison shot three horses in the
Cedar neighborhood. A commission
had declared they had glanders.
Oil Machinery.
St. Jo, Tex., June 22.-Machinery foi
bosing a well is being put up three
miles from town.
TILE hilI)E ELECT.
LEARNS HOW TO COOK AND DAIN
TILY SERVE VEGETABLES.
The I |tm:.y I'ruitn of the 1:n-th %i
tr c;t.: el.. 'rep:lr4led- .ainy Iitle
n. l el,. u .i I nwritten Lais-.. n
Air of I)i.ciin(Lioln.
W in i.i 1, r to icirnel tier at
t i l tl ' , Il . Ii t , , I 'l I t t , ,l' 1 ' t ,i t o
p: ) tr I; u_ I II I t tt t lt iiiti
;I! n I)v' ".,'e !1'"'" i : l I -: W },IIW 4lif"f* l -
t'h\ (Pt . l n t t e' "r a l. e ;' 1' P 1 r1" I: ',
1 .c ' , ;1 t I w " it I it, , ' " t l:l
H ilil'a.t ii IN A iER n 4I ASES
her spin:l t h- i:e wht. "anliidi puttingli;
thtilr hlair in ,li1ters wuilhl do woinder,,
wilth thtiim."
It ult .lt It' ll' ll11'd that the curl paIlPer
sihde of tl- hIll iness e rl i:ll lle y ap["er h
to 1uth. She liked to fhid out pretty
Iy. if stt \rvino t cit utiii ' vIr Ititn
hliles .l th t theiy mllig .t a111 lar :1 t 4l it
tlifk nei ttw pr vldi,'tl of ethe soil. She did
oft espoied tiv lac ipler )prop'r tins. of
ukeOlll'-r. 1She t sk l prind in ]h .tirhgt
enough tril o butter froand energy in
string beah ns, illml beans or squalsll.
to drehiss te ottoe to makter, alt an look
like w\vh iliHpId c ' .inl anti in (ook ing rice
- a cuplful well ws.ahetl in two or three
qer art okf salted [il-ing hoter until the
grins were.d, t.. y werel, bound tho be
dlooyin It in a colalher S. that ealh
kernl stood a 1art tr'io every other.
Shit learnt tl hIa:t long ,ook er'y Is had
for t{nIilli \e,, 't:lbiles anii that. no illt
ter how fre.h ullt good they miay he.
thev are rinp Lbitable unless sirved
smoff king hot.
Itnih found that vegetables were too
often splloled by a lack of proper drain
inu and by being selt to the tainle
lukewarm. When she had Dour(d
every drop of water from her peas,
string beans, lnia beans or squash.,
dressed them with butter, salt and pep
per and kept them very hot until they
were served, they were bound to be
good.
)Many little knacks iRuth found out r
when she tried some of her book learn
ed ideas In the cookery of vegetables. i 1
She discovered that she could boil i r
cauliflower and cabbage without mak- I
ing the house unbearable for the rest i
of the day if she put the vegetable t
over the fire In cold water to which
she had added a pinch of baking soda
and left the saucepan uncovered all
the time it was on the stove. As a I
rule about 20 minutes' cookery was re- t
quired after the water reached the boil l
-that is, If the vegetables were young. 1
New potatoes she learned to put on
to boil In hot water and old potatoes
in cold. To keep the color of green a
vegetablles she added to them a pinch
of baking soda, and besides doing this
to her spinach she decided that it cook
ed to greater advantage In a double
boiler than directly over the fire. String
beans were better when she split them
lengthwise, besides stringing them and
cutting them Into Itich long pieces.
All this It was necessary to learn,
and Ruth enjoyed it, as she did all
household experiences. But after all
her chief pleasure In vegetable cookery
lay in making them into pretty dishes.
Such a dish was made by hollowing
out a cabbage into a shell, the heart
being used for coldslaw or some other
dish, and heaping the inside with chick
en croquets or veal olives or balls of a
corned beef hash or anything else of
the sort. This cabbage shell could be
used more than once if the cabbage
had been carefully selected and if it
were kept In a cool place between Its
periods of service. The withered edges
of the leaves could be clipped judi
ciously just before the dish went to the
table, so that it would at least look
fresh, and as it was not to be eaten
there was no harm done if it had a
little passed its first youth.
In addition to this sort of thing Ruth
practiced various dainty ways of send
ing vegetables to table, which by in
creasing their attractiveness to the eye
intensified it to the palate. Her boiled,
served on a small napkin, and for the
last named or for other dry, fried
things, like eggplants, croquettes and
fritters, she had small squares made at
damask that would better stand the
sonking and washing requisite to the
removing of grease than the ordinary
fringed doily.
For certain vegetables she always
used parsley garnishing, and others she
1
A CABBAEG SHELL FOR VEGETABLIB
served either in tiny china napples or
In paper cases. When this was done,
the vegetable had an air of distinction
that often made it worthy to appear
alone, as an entree, and take the place
of the soup or the salad, or when an
extra course was desired for company
the dish came in as a vegetable entree
between the soup and the meat, says
The New Idea Woman's Magazine in
concluding this little tale, a bride
elect's experience in acquiring house
wifely knowledge.
..i ',~
IN THE SUMMER HOMe..
I hIe r1nd l'fr I hin -lt-estful, Cool
fliand 4 un In ilht li MN.
P ." I,'. : ' ' ? ,\-.ll r1 'I
t ' , . r I .' I , i l',II'
hto '·ld~ i: l- ,1 ]" , . ,1,"".
2 elji
".l'- ,I '.2 , 11 )1 i ,'' '2 , I 'I , i l
4 l i 'I : Ii l ')". t I . . 1' th1
P ' 2 I*tti2
I'. I \111 422 22 . I1bl2i
2'1', 22 n '24!' ! },' \" 2 2'' i'. ' !'1'.2' dias
I .' '" . I! '.\ rI ! I ftel2 andl h
S 1 until he\ I I 1 ' ,"ly alo
1l:, . : tI i Iuh 1mk,' tl h, -22' Ise arely
1r.; i,' ker 1 , or , rr ia tt ,,:b'h blush
4l r it. i i 1i li' i It r, .r n s talgi
.\I " i l \ I:i i l "s i : , 'ris i " chintz or
c'rl ton ll lc inl ht ui l) " itih II i ol . i f rib
:1o i :1 1,I i f nll2 I. 1s: i :ililoe are
'fr Ich 4 ' hl tz or 4 2 l''r'l kiI'1 summer
It'o1 of2" th 'ese d 2'sinl t:ll,1 ts is
n h plaitr , 42 iSi l .. r r'fl ' ;i,"' i ri ons andl
r,,12l 'o.s 1 nll : l \\ lit r n'. 4 l' andell an
o 't22 i2" is hr in \vilith li! 11 \.if !,l with
Ipoint l 2 r llt2il :1! I:l,, i. I n'It havet
i inolpies flroll w\hich l' l rllrnlinis thatL
'are drlli h'i' I , on ,- i sih r s1 i 4 of thel
roa.lil mirror, the frall, or which is
pihled,4 nd thi"tea2 \with inots of l eart
row sa:tin rilblb ii.
firy stilille lo gged it(hles and
Ichairs are also dressed in floweredt
c 1h2 int.z m ret a rOnt Ie Sevt Of aI
n'tli Ic'll ha fralmtes of dlui, soft rlIen,
pi.I ,d o't ilth i\vory In relief, and the
upholl dn stils Iand h -.cks are of pail
(eam clhlitZ. .'losely patterned Wltti
vivid pl p'lpl' istIPrs.
Tilhe denim l are i' u 1 ore severe II
outlhine and are. Its a rule. plain instesi
of tufted' . Plain iue deni,'1 in i lighter
dark sha. le:'s is tinishld 2aroundl the edp
of the seat and hack by straizhlt bmnad
of blue and4 white or all white fring
Pink, scarltl, lilti', green anlld a pale,
crealy shade141 of yellow are all effective
and. bei:ise co. co.l and i lenn lookingL
restful and aippIropriat' for a'rnl days.
Fuiirniture with iheavy. flat frames o(
black or silvered or "w.athered" oak,
rush seats and leathe4ir ellshioned backs
Is comfortable, Infornial and very dece.
rative. For the ()oulntry house ball or
sittiing room these rathelir clumsy pieces
of furniture are most (ffective.
A long, high backed settee has a
franme of almost black wood, and
bak and seat are upholstered rat
sparingly with a soft redl rep In a
raldic pattern. Two chair 'o m
this settee--one a low. squat roe
and an awkward but delightful
quaint table complete this odd aud
striking set.--louse Heautiful.
Good. Old Fasbloned Tattlng
A use for the good old fashione
of tatting, now revived, is the
COLLAR PA Y.
of one of those prett turnover edge
which are so fashion ble for the top
of a stock collar. Co d lousekeepla
gives the following p ttern:
Commence the wh 1. make a rils
for center of 13 p (pleots) with 2. t
(double knots) between each .nt,
draw close, reverse.
Make 5 d k. Join in first picot forf e
ter. 5 d k, draw up, reverse, 'leaviW
one-fourth inch thread.
Make 4 d k, p. 3 d k. p. 3d k, p,R
d k. p. 3 d k. p. 4 d k. draw up. reve
leaving one-fourth inch thread.
Five d k. join second picot at c
5 d k. draw up, reverse, leaving
fourth Inch thread.
Four d k, join first picot of first
side ring. and continue on same
first ring, draw up.
Continue on until you have Jo
the 13 picots at center. Join the
outside rings together, which forms
wheel. Join the wheels so as to
five picots at the lower edge.
wheels constitute the collar, lev
one-half inch space after the
wheel on the band.
The heading is made of tw
First thread four d k, p. 3 d k, p,
p. 3d k, p, 3 d k(, p 4 d k, draw nas
With the other thread make 6 A
join in fourth ring of wleel, then
k, draw. With first thread same
before continue on joining four
of each wheel, then sew on a
band by each picot of heading,
as illustration.
The Skirt de Luxe.
No lover of the shirt waist need
its departure. But the authorities
fashion decree that no inferior
can make the shirt-that is to say,
shirt de lue,. which requires as
fine hand stitchery as the most
lingerie. Fascinating are those
pale shades of French lawn or fine
gauze, inserted with tucks and
med with real lace, most of them
showing various shapes of C
I collars and little transparent vdA
the cavalier bow, and1 many
muslin -'xamples, tuckedl and in
from rtek to walst, back an f
fasten at the side ith a double tM
lace.