qAN. H1. F. DOLL, Jr.
he Broghan.Doll FurnitureCo.
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL
DEALERS IN
, MATTINGS LENOLEUM, RUGS, MATTRESSES Etc.
tle i ni, t coilnl te line f Ladic' \\rling l )esks and Dressing
lden ()ak, ) I ir \-c 1c Maple and , l a ihany. Upright and Mantle
dan ornamclnt to any parlo r -ii ii g rcoon.
pay vou to call and 4cc onr line hcIf-re buyving.
SPROM PT ATTENTION T() t ()'NTRY OR]ERS.
lity and Design...
Are Indispensible in Furniture and
PRICES TO PLEASE
t proposition. I can guarantee satisfaction
IN ALL THREE. Can furnish your house
complete (excepting kitchen). The Newest,
Nicest, Neatest Goods in town.
SA, STEPHENSON, HEARNE BUILDING,
dG. DREYFUSS & CO.
WIHOLESALE DEA\LERS IN
oods, Boots, Shoes and Hats.
RNER SPRING AND CROCKETT STREETS.
ATTENTION TO COUNTRY ORDERS.
HERMAN LOEB
DEALER IN
"Wool, Tallow, Beeswax, Furs.
CE STREET, NEXT TO . S. & P. RAIL,\ AY.
SHREVEPORT, LA.
to the sellers the best prices obtained in St. Louis, New
rgalveston and Houston markets. Prompt returns.
StII ANTILEr & N. (0. LTD.
WI s b Dut. 1st. In All Kinds of
Produce, Field and
- .rden Seeds.
S - EVEPORT STEAM BOTTLING
R4SHEVEPORT STEAM
Te'as Street, Shreveport, La.
o~ "
S..
~-i g.
tit o, wiplaw $2 wb
N tI 9
_111, sU, ccU"as c 3fd 410.
t it =tm makst~i the, stb
gam, i
ýý € t val ie-are ready
conl60d
j came tr
`ý r. . )5$.R~ .fr} 'ý
t ý rBrgý~~v~~~tiimt~ss
The Views of
Three Good
Husbands,
T E vli. s on i wtIolnitl claue!
tion of O1 m: n 1( h0li has bit''te l
tIi,'l i the frurn:L.;,. of m:.:, i
mnuiIy I 1 ll n.t foun id wtVii
iln7 :(lre tiil to a in it rl'l.'i ', l:l
healilg. Tlhor fitr a litle tit :
I ahi'r ssvid t, tl hr,' li :,ral liud, ti.
Intealli'ent id llltn'1 i { d' of (' ltlritnw '
th lotfalot ing tii.tstionl::
1. In your opinion. shouild a hlu.a'tnd htivtI
his wtif r,. ; l.,oirly ita fix l s tilm for lf r
owtn uii tl . ich shei i:; it slptlid as ii
plieais s' If Io, what p r ill ntl of his it
come shouP I this s.t"n b':
2. 1Vhiat do ii t conshltl {heo dutiles of a
Wife to bIt
3. Art- you willing to allow your v if,
the same libtrty of ptl.rsonall action 1
you cllm for you-s"tlf-for histanuce, ii
her -otn v-.i and ip In i night and lily
and in hr absit ,s ironi htome?
4. hias e!o r it hiusltlti or wit'l
right to pItoni apt to c'oat l the otlh, r ln
politics or thiology?
Il.t'n ari f ithe a ('l'tw r.:
No. 1.
Iear M3!ss Shltrp--It seemns to in
tht the el ,st waiy to .lusnwler lholse
qtuestinlltl is to give ybnl a peep into Ith
e-nditi,,ns that prevail hi mlly owln
1. W1ie run no neIouinlI.. e'eelit willh
lithe lol an and tnilkutan, which fill;
we ially wtekl t t ly. it arran te'
tt'rnt Italt svhene-'Tr In. wfife iritrt-s
intol her lasi tenll dollar lill shlie telli's
Ollt. land I give lt' erWlhateltVir untl she
wiishes . If she hlis dtirt'iiataker'i bill
to pay. sile itells niu tai ,t ainlitil anlI
tliat is wdtled to IL.' tl.'us l aimount: i"
ii is 3ea3 ritnt it !, ito rent in alt-o
adthdie. t ,'ii s a plius tieeunItlaties
hi illy !tot-i,'t I'i' 1n Illy w\3';1{0$s (mll y V ,
slil(Ore otf l li h it Igoes into osn t ' If
thrli'e . . is i laliks. We have thii"
nlilllh Bna:s --i - at n 1utllat1 l tione. oit'
tilite nillnt.' hoers. If it to he t be to
the mneital aliottilil, I give it to hler
andi she 'h I iti 1i1 if' It her nlltIcil.
she dello:ilt1s it. if to mille. I delisit it.
Thus lit i e' is ino t-nil tiof an all;iwat':l .,.
:ls 't1r. is neli (1r illy tiolntSiit irou' ht
lip :ts to what lily Wife dots Willh ithe
llto ey Shle - :3 nlles.
2. To attenld to lih houselhoitt titl is,
dotltg whaliltevTer WorkI she desirest antid1
hiring the rest of the work dlone. t
3. We freely accord to each other
equal liberty of per'sonal action as to
our comings and goings.
4. No.
No. 2.
1. Yes. The percentage of Course will
depend entirely upon circumstances. I
should say that of the surplus (over ac
tual living expenses) she should have
25 per cent, while the remainder shoulq
be put away in the bank.
2. Strictly speaking, to do the work
equitably devolving upon her as con
sicentlously its the husband does that
which falls to his lot; socially, to be the r
chutm and adviser of her husband, just r
as he should be the chum and adviser
of thg wife.
3. This ,is a difficulet question to an
aver briefly, Broadly speaking, I should
say "No." The very element of physi
cal danger would make it inadvisable,
-to say nothing of the fact that, inas.
much as the wife's duties are mostly at
Mant &NiaDo*K-"aze," "mie " t AYD
hQnaet it is but fair that she should
spe!i the greater portion 'of her time
there, just as it is necessary that the
husband shall spend most of his time it
his place iof 'bdsness. Onn hie other
hanld, the woman who is worithli of the
name Will not witsh to do asnything
whith she should not do, and (he hus
band ought to permit things to go pret
ty elohe to the limit before interfering
ard then oinly when he has such a good
case that bhe wiii be able ,to' convince
i wife that wat te says`jopiompted
not by a desire to be captilous or to
abrldge her itberties, but by the desire
to point out an error of judgmlent, wh!ch
she wl e r as reardiy as he has seen
wtIitf 1 a1 b stiZngthen'hfs positfon
if hbe tis able to ad bthat he miould be
thanfat to haltker o flihewitebytlnaim
i·f t posittens we rert rsed.
. Nwno never!
1Ies.o Te wifeshoutld haves a much
eoner mdto en# herself as her bus
i'te` bon hold attfirs
ieh $hfty astybe
How to tMahe
A Spcec c.
In Pubi c
F~ a v'ome under tit4' aI 'if I,'
c.I an Lo evoii so ill]'i:1 11a 11 :tas
to walk down a cihurtclh (i-l In
tiht pl':e('llc e of olh,(t r1 \withlhot
thinking wli:t those otllrs :ri , ili. -
lug of her :, :iaralc'.e . s11: is an "x
cl')tiolil wol . A\n ov rwleiig
frighten :in: self consciousnlss is th-II
hanll of i ', fi:'iiini e s . Y.1 s.' it
In the silly vanity of even smuall girls
when they strut along the stre,'t in new
frocks or waItch to hbtlrn if otllhrs ar,
impressrd witllh henl. The whole sex.
from live to niiety-livye. Is eltten ui,
with this wretched vanity. It caulse
IN WAR PAINT AND FEATHEII8S.
stage fright, It tis not self conceit. but
the lack of it. In the girl child it is tihe
beginning of a false edutcation; in the
grown woman it is the distressing re
sult of that education. Women have\
been trained to regard the tout ensem
ble of mere physical appearance as
the all in all of the female being; con
sequently they are always in a stew
in regard to that appearance.
This eternal self consciousness crip
ples a woman whten she would speak in
public. It peeps out evermore in the
oratory of clubwomen. It is the direst
enemy to their success in that field.
Get rid of it, then. But how? Well,
resolve once for all that you will get
rid of it or die. Make yourself ce:eIe
to think about the impression you are
making on others. If you find you are
doing this In spite of good resolution,
chteck yourself instantly. Think of
something else. Do this In all the af
fairs of life. In prolportion a you do
it, in proportion as you can merge your
petty personality into the Intfinite, life,
to that exact degree you will really be
gin to be somebody.
Vould you like to make a speech?
Sit down first, quietly and alone, and
think very tarnestly with a11l your pow
era of conccntration on what you want
to say. Don't for one secontl let the
chilling, kilnfg, accursed thhought of
whether your audience will consider
You, Jane Smith, brilliant and wise, re
main In your mlnd. Just think of what
you, Jant Smith, desire to say in all
good will and modesty. Make a per
feet pleture in your mind of yourself
standing before the audience speaking
this matter.
Then prepare your speech. Never
read it If you can possibly avoid it, but
speak it. Stand up lik( a man and look
people in the 'eye and let yourself go.
Hurl your sentences winged with the
magnetic force of your soul. Women's
clqbs will fall to pieces if women do not I
stop reading those long, stupid papers. 1
If you have only a five or ten minute I
address to make, do not write it at all.
Put upon paper the heads of what you
would say; then talk the speech over to
yourself in your mind till you are fa
miliar with it as with A B C. That is
the best way of all to make a speech.
Then speak distinctly. in a clear
voice. How acquire this clear, distinct t
voice? Bring your voice forward from t
your throat and issue it from your
lips, opening your lips moderately wide
so it can get out. To understand ex
actly what I mean. take, for instance,
the sentence "Braid broad braids, my
brave babes." Pronounce it first back
in your throat in the ordinary crude.
slovenly way in which we American
people man:ge the voice; then throw
your tone forward and send it from
your front teeth and the tip of your
tongue, drawing your lips slightly
backward at the corners to give the
sound room to get out, and you your
self will be surprised at the difference. 1
Pitch your voice on a low key. so b
you will not.shriek or squeal; then; in v
the name of all the saints, speak loud a
enough. A woman who cannot make
herself heard in a given audience has
no right to waste their time by at- c
tempting it. Life is short. a
A last word as to dress. Do you I1
want your hearers to pay attention to a
you instead of to what you have to C
Iay? Then trick yourself out in your v
meo't show-offlsh rig, putting on all A
your war paint and feathers and far- n
belows. Do you want them to heed w
whit you have to say! Dress yoorself c
with the utmost neatness, particularly h
as t6 your feet, hair and neckwear, but to
otherwise be just as plain and n orr.n n'
mi ated a:t is compatible With being t
'efl OeAled. At4 a 'nt wiear yrour
What the
New Woman
is Doing
tO can ie sire the peopl >*
frnom n (n mu itry vilhi'_t,'." s bil
M1iss \i atitroill. th, ilvy w ,
IIman. "They dln't tlalk ItnytIg hut
pe)Orltlsn lit ies, t~i ihey IntlLak fuilln f Ita
tniot her o'..1 t Itli ev h(I.i'll h( ' a Ls. I
miaties lete tink of Fl'iptli. wiwrollie I
Iuse, t tteateh .lioo. T|hre were vi
i men in that towvii who knew "1 'lry
Inovenient Of their ,411(4.1intI|I(s .1141i
twisted the Ilmost it lmmeenl ,ets 1111c
solneltling to eirrritici.ed ol r 1widtli( ld.
They watched thel los oliqce t.'se how
oftenll ,ople got letters. ']They peeked
out behidn the1ir closed Iblin;l1 to study
their ieighll,ors' (lothleslinies. Of pntch
edl glar nltIs were d is)playedI , these
gossips slid everything but publish tlhe
fact in the village newspaper, tf a
nlao. atlllrried or single. entlied n. a
house oft t eveninllg, lthe tonil kntew of
It next day. :,ted mlotIves wIere imiputed
to the tmaitnl whitch he it his wildest
nmnwIuts 401ou1 ld hat'dly h1e1 (dr'tained
of."
"I~lt .r' 41o11tin y p'tple worse gos
silps tl :1 itan fi loll;" 1 a siked.
"ltll(hed they are. In the city thre
isl al];tw ays sonwriII (\ '('e to go11 a d'11 sn('e
exciteIei Itt to (i'lpy the t' iho ghi. Thi
(ity w\'1llm w ho unldet'took ti k 'e p
t1"ak of hTr 1:ext 4l1or neighbors wonil
be drive li t it. ' ,r prlosti'tlion."
Now , is wl«a Mist WtVitottrell is:1t
trtue? Is the air of cutitlty villages
full of poisulonls g~s:1 p, the Ilrob'.oes
froim w:itilh ferlplnt ilt ihe soils of the
wolmnen w\ho livt t'here ant: wither 11p
and kill all sisterly toleruhr e, all noble,
brotidetiing growlhll and aspirt tionl
Flutly. I do not b'lieve it.
()l' ol htuwilily wasi considered fhei
v'irtue tof woltOen andi sillIvIOes.
No new woitnut is ever found in an
old wolti' lls hoiie.
If mliln(. law and custoim do not stop
dtscriminti t ag;ainst and persectuting
the feminine sex for beinheg wives ad
mothers, the feominine sex will in time
cease to be either. Mcii may as ell
know now that this Is the ultimate of
that financial independence for wom
en which is coming as fast as time
can bring it. Normal woman naturally
likes man, but now that she is able to
earn her own living it will have to be
a tolerably flue man who can woo and
win her. She more and more looks at
the man himself, not at the "support."
Let the man take notice accordingly.
Isn't it about time some women
learned to mind their own business?
Do not glory in weakness and cow
ardice. Glory in courage and strength.
That noble organization, the National
Council of Jewish Women, has now
more than 7.000 members. Its presi
dent, Mrs. Hl;innah G. Solomon. favors
an international gathering of Hebrew
women at the St. Louis exposition.
I'athqtic is the story that a grand
daughter of Patrick Henry, Mrs. Vir
glnia Henry Heasley, aged, penniless
and friendlei.s, is now waiting to die
in a charity home at Ithaca, N. Y. She
is eighty-seven years old, but apparent
ly as able to earn her own living as
,she was at twenty, for she says: "My
father was a son of Patrick Henry.
He owned a great plantation on which
there were 1,(000 slaves. The war
wrecked my father's fortune." lMrs.
Beasley was brought up in the old
helpless, useless way to do nothing.
That was her greatest misfortune.
The southern woman'of the new school
is bravely earning her living.
It
A to do is made over the fa"t that
there is now living in Kentucky a wo
man eighty-two years old whose grand
mother-in-law once refused to marry
George Washington. Well, what of It?
Two ablebodlied widows, mother and
daughter, advertise in a Long Island
paper for husbands, one apiece, to take
care of them. Those two ablebodied
widows will find themselves much bet
ter off if they hustle and take care of
themselves. Men in these days are
not marrying women to take care of
them.
The writer of a letter printed in the
Philadelphi:a North American says she
is a widow, (,ighty-seven yeat's ohl,
that she reads without glasses and
dots her own housework. That is the
right sort of widow. Let us have more
of them.
Womnen's c!dubs, especially woman
suffrtuge' nbs. should have each Feb.
12 an implressive celebration of the
birthday of Abraham Lincoln, the man
who believed in ýliving the ballot to
all. "by no means excluding females."
It is said that Mrs. Armour of Slerr
county, N. M., is increasing her wealth
at the rate of $25,000 a year through
the breeding of Angota goats. She has
s herd of ncirly 30.t000 of these goats.
One of them, Columbia Pasebhal. is
ralued 'at $1i;wd. Four years ago Mrs.
Armour found herself a widow with
nothing bil nine little children that
wire not 'ea ctly assets for purposes
om.,mer!cl. b'he had no m aey. but
ock a fev zoa tts on ishres 1n6 rear and
end. she hocated at aefta.im . fi spot
,ilre there, wcv. pasture for them ill
he year, bai.l a 'iabin and worked and
waited. U1er eldest sea is now in ncl
ege. 1
NIAUGHTY CHILDREI.
'b-ey Are an i neceeNar* *ea 4i
ghe toumNehol*
t I s thei( worst fssi:l"l pol, to r,' l
a ,hild naoughty.
*You Iare tI h OI I ) y t=1
'4 think you al t ' $i , : hli,".: i.re 'o
boy I evtr sa w
These are' xplr, -
Souse a :osioo eft' a
chil d' u 1 I.r S. il I:a i 1.
T'e shiljh's oint i ' ) i- *i i iht
Ione too. 1i;a' hi W - i i
[Ili 1 1 lr;!\ fl I , f, lr ", ;:, l, ' i 1. b, ,t
go on in c'ai-S10.
Too 1i0t l(h 1 'ir..t
4ise41 it Oti'l ti0i a;I ; ' i i,, -
ne,. whole possill., I, , nor
L MI
the chiglI but make your punishment A
o one. Never punish without ex
them credit for being. If your child is
4.:
baDON' tOempered, sen ish or IIEF( story tellerPAN
tIn nine cases out ak yot puit ish your ownt
fault. If you had taken these faults In
their very beginnings, when the child
was perhaps a mere baby. you would
not have to keep correcting himn now
and devising u:w forms of pnhnislmnent.
The trouble with the average mother Is
that she waits until the child is "old
enough to understand." When the
child is old enough to show signs of a
fault, then he is old enough to be re
strained from coutmmitting that fault
and to be helped to that cod in the kind
est and most patient of way:.
Very few childre.n nteed heroic han
dling, but all tced w:i hlthfl notl eon
stant enre, together with advice suited
to their small ntuterstantdingi.. Nev.r
if posihle, break ai (child's Spiriit or
pride. Do iot scold or lreprovte lhii it
the presence of company. Slp,,Ii lik hhtil
quietly afterwail rd.
Above ill, be just iit your triotnmtnt
of the little ones. Let yott "No" hlie
"No" and yolnur "Yes" i "Yties' alld do
not let ircumstances or the ipresence of
other people litake you reltx your laws.
Once the child realizes that you iannot
be-conxed or fretted 1tlo givitnii in. he
will resign hiLmsolf to thw sjitulationl. par
ticularly if -you httvi e ln:id,' the jstitce
of your positionl cliitr to htit.
By using teat'son t itdl khindlss. tlixed
with a prolwr anlinlt of firtneiss, no
mother need hiiive "ltilughity (-hilhhrn."
HELEN CLIFTON.
Fahlion Notes.
The Monte Carlo coats continue to
be well liked, aid they are dressy.°
But for the rough stuffs the two piece
blouse suit is the Iest styhle. Illhts
seem to have grow'- flulttrl' than ever,
but somehow they all manage to r'
main quite as becoming as ever.
Toiuess of dreics nmaterial tare' iind niil
bly stylish and not s) \vly e'onollI
Ical a. one might thinl:, for thumgh
the Irb ly of lthe inat i:s i:tn , tf tile
pieces of stluff eIft wver. ii r,'clhirs. a
natster'l hand to nIh a t 1 It';'' I;ok w,'1l,
and soulm tie rlitrlni;' ien-t I~" fo'ti d
to g o (n,. i]:: )ig p "fr , :I l ;< it w ill l, k
as though it <!io so. "u :; , ' :ie , h. .;:inl
the toq i hi.' ". : , d +'t h:
is th a t a w hi ,h' u . t I. a ylt ti ' i - t!I,
VoigIue. t(ii) t, u: li l; , f' i lil'
cloth a s to I,' W u 7i,! i i ).h , t! ..: 1 is
last w .tas lil t IIt hlIi+; 'i: :r: ,i ' tiI' ' h!' k
wrcath of v ,lve' t aint!i i .', TI'l
effect was riih :;lo l
The W.hit-e I nl.
W hite is lte ni,('.: fI l f ith
season, ma1 2 1 ( fat "lit ii t ' !
gown, cloak or rail sh :!l I.. ,.
iroadeloth oVI, wih rit-h r ilI .,vy
lace, this either t:liil whit-e ,' 'l", '.
'String and (cru are )I-t- ilt','
w here tie shl l. - .' f th ' i , . ;0' .L ,<
them suitahle. t)n liht 'gray til, r".
lace shows iltilu t ifiIlly, ;u 'I
color also tiile " prop< r pi'
mat white la. ,;I , 1t1 r'' -'. .- : .
ometimt , nt t thi ' " 1 , " .n .
not 5ihown
Whe'c it ,
used ii it' ., '
ta niest :th
tolitlL.:ir ti'r " ., i-' i'''i
Th ex