. BROOHAN. - H. F. DOLL, Jr
The Broghan Doll FurnitureCo.
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL
DEALERS IN
FRNITURE, MATTINGS LENOLEUM, RUGS, MATTRESSES Etc.
\\x have the most complete line of Ladies Writing Desks and Dressing
Tabley in Golden Oak. Birds-eye Maple and Mahogany, Upright and Mantle
Folding Ied< an ornament to any parlor or sitting room.
It will pay von to call and see our line before buying.
PROMPT ATTENTION TO COUNTRY ORDERS.
Quality and Design...
Are Indispensible in Furniture and
PRICES TO PLEASE
is the next proposition. I can guarantee satisfaction
IN ALL THREE. Can furnish your house
complete (excepting kitchen). The Newest,
Nicest, Neatest Goods in town.
J. A, STEPHENSON, HEARNE BUILDING.
S. G. DREYFUSS & CO.
WHOLESALE DEALERS IN
Dry Goods, Boots, Shoes and Hats.
CORNER SPRING AND CROCKETT STREETS.
PROMPT ATTENTION TO COUNTRY ORDERS.
HERMAN LOEB
DEALER IN
ides, Wool, Tallow, Beeswax, Furs.
COMMERCE STREET, NEXT TO V. S. & P. RAILWAY.
SHREVEPORT, LA.
I guarantee to trit sellers the best prices obtained in St. Louis, New
C~rleans, Vicksburg, Galveston and Houston markets. Prompt returns
WR IO 5t 1tIGARTIIt1 1 MPG. (0. LTD.
W-Weale Dealers in All KIKds of
ruits, Produce, Field and
Garden gSeeds.
rietors of SHREVEPORT STEAM BOTTLING
WORKS and SHREVEPORT STEAM
CANDY FACTORY.
123 and 125 Texas Street, Shreveport, La.
f
Ii
- - i31
.diuih..sa ay.
1C3 g g o , I 1us w h m 2 3u o 2 p an k 3d ~ O A t
wIE0 gad Wbrt 081 t take o taki baelt :
If yo wantu~i~rat~hgOa~Ue ptogf value, we. are~ ready
to fill VOW .r, h ciod o prist4= we sii oo pristinE
TheWlru o ina~bs ~Iht54W3tf daiog ýbul eai in. mind That
the kind or pe wd.s shee b-b~ ee kind after all.
Our prc1 ot ajb*I*,f i~t Irs, cards, .bill ht s,,
Mi o,~u*1 ~f$ ~whi +Er~a bwsierto them ntyl
w t d ' I 0. a ientm ordinary o r . mmeui
Ru.oe 100 to.
AN.ORDINA CE.
(Continued from page 2.)
Fourth class. When the number of
said persons is thirty or more, and less
than fifty, the licenses hall he two hun
dred and fifty ($250) dollars.
Fifth class. When the number of
said persons is twenty or more and less
than thirty, the license shall be two hun
dred ($2oo) dollars.
Sixth class. When the number of
said persons is ten or more, and less than
twenty, the license shall be fifty ($5o)
dollars.
Seventh class. When the number of
said persons is fire or more, and less
than ten, the license shall he forty ($4o)
dollars.
Eighth class. When the number of
said persons is four or less, the license
shall be twenty-five ($25) dollars.
That for every hall where balls or en
tcrtaintments. not above provided for,
are given, the classificatisi. for license
shall be as in the first -art of this sec
tion; but their prices shall only he one
fourth of those provided for in section
to; provided this- shall net apply to balls
by private parties or for charitable pur
poses.
That for each person carrying on the
business of calling, of selling or dealing
in railroad or steamship tickets, whether
said tickets are sold on the streets, in
the oiffce of the company he represents,
or that of any other company, shall pay
an annual license graded upon the num
ber of companies lie represents, to-wit:
One company twenty-fie ($25) dollars;
two companies forty ($40) dollars;
three or more companies tifty ($;o) dol
hairs.
that each and every peddler or hawk
er shall pay an annuttl license graded
as follows
When traveling on foot, ten ($mo) dol
lars.
When traveling on horseback, twenty
five ($2;) dollars.
When traveling in a one-horse wagon,
forty ($40) dollars.
When traveling in a two-horse ve
hicle. seventy-five ($75) dollars.
When traveling on any kind of water
craft, two hundred ($200) dollars.
And provided further. that no person
shall be allowed to sell goods as the
clerk or clerks of a peddler or hawker,
but that lie or they must pay a license
in his or their own name. but that this
proviso shall not apply to water craft.
Provided further, that no license shall
he issued to any peddler or hawker for
less than the full rate for the current
year.
Sec. t5. Be it further enacted. etc..
That for every business of keeping a
hotel, where lodging and eating are
combined. the license shall he based on
the number of furnished lodging rooms
for guests, as follows, viz.:
First class. When said rooms are in
numntber three hundred or more, the li
cense shall be six hundred ($600) dol
lars.
Second class. When said rooms are in
mumber two hundred and twenty-five
or more, and less than three hundred.
the license shall be five hundred ($500)
Collars.'
Third class. When said rooms are in
number one hundred and fifty or more,
and less than two hundred and twenty
five, the license shall be three hundred
and seventy-five ($375) dollars.
Fourth class. When said rooms are
in number seventy-five or more, and less
than one hundred and fifty, the license
shall be one hundred and fifty ($m5o)
dollars.
Fifth class. When said rooms are in
number forty-five or more, and less than
seventy-five, the license shall be one
hundred ($too) dollars.
Sixth class. When said rooms are in
number thirty -or-more, and less than
forty-five, the licenses hall he seventy
five ($75). dollars.
Seventh class. When said rooms are
in number fifteen or more, and less than
thirty, the license shall be fifty ($so)
dollars.
Eighth class. When said rooms are
in number twelve or more, and less than
fifteen, the license shall be twenty-five
($25) dollars.
Ninth, class. When said rooms are in
number nine or more, and less than
twelve, the license shall be twenty ($20)
-dollars.
Tenth class. When -said rooms are in
-number six or more, and less than nine,
the license shall he fifteen ($t5) dollars.
Provided that no person whto keeps a
boarding house in connection 'with
schools or colleges for the accommoda
tiosi of students and employes thereof,
shall pay any licenses as boarding
houses.
Provided further, that no license shall
be required when the number of said
rooms is less than provided for in class a
ten; that for every business of lodging c
alone, the license shall be estimated on d
the same basis as for hotels, but gradu
ated at one-half rates; provided that
boarding houses pay sixtyper cent of the r
rate of hotels. -
That for every business of barroom,
cabaret, coffee house. cafe, beer saloon,
liquor exchange, drinking saloon, grog
shop, beer house. beer garden or other
place where anything to be drunk or
eaten on the premises is sold directly or I
indirectly, the license shall be graduated
as follows:
"Class A. When said rross receipts
are fifty thousand dollars ($5o.ooo) or
more, for which the license shall be fif
teen hundred dollars ($15oo).
"FirstClass. When said gross annual
receipts are thirty-seven thousand dol
lars, the license shalh be one thousand
dollars ($Mowt).
'Second Class. When said gross an
nual receipts are twenty-five thousand
dollars (t25icoo) or more, and less than
thirty-seven thousand five hundred dol
lars, the license shall be eight hundred
dollars- ($9oo).
"Third Class. When said gross an
nual receipts are twenty thousand dol
lars ($io,o0oo dollars or more, and- less
than twenty-five thousand dollars, the
license shall be six hundred dollars
"Feorth Class. When said gross an
lslt tecets are less than twent-" thous
and dollars. the license shall be five
r4tt lfor . ers who- sell
Iionor0 in quantities of not les-4han one
rt."rovided v tne he not drunk o&
llaeege shall be three hun
orn
liquors in less quantities than one point
shall pay less than five hundred ($soo)
dollars: provided further, that when any
kind of business provided for in this
section shall he combined with any other
btuiness provided for in section to. the
saie classification shall be made as pre
scribed in this section: but the price for
the license shall be equal to the license
required for each business separately.
That for the business of keeping hil
liard tables, pigeon hole. Jenny Lind.
0ool or bagatelle tables. and ten-pin al
leys. from which revenue is derived, a
license of ten ($io) dollars for each
table of alley shall he paid in addition
to any other license due by the estab
lishment in which said tables or alleys
may be situated. Provided, that all per
sons, associations of persons or busi
ness firms and corporations engaged in
the sale of soda water.mnadconfectioins,
cakes, etc.. exclusively shall be rated as
follows:
First class. When the gross sales are
ten thousand dollars or in excess of that
atiount, she license shall he Aft* ($509
dollars.
Second class. When the gross sales are
eight thousand dollars or more, and less
than ten thousand dollars, the license
shall be forty ($40) dollars.
Third class. When the.gross sales are
six thousand dollars or more, and less
than eight thousand dollars, the license
shall be thirty ($30) dollars.
Fourth class. When the gross sales
are four thousand dollars or more, and
under six thousand dollars, the license
shall be twenty ($20) dollars.
Fifth class. When the gross sales are
three thousand dollars or more, and un
der ¶our thousand dollars, the license
shall be fifteen ($t5) dollars.
Sixth class. When the gross sales are
less than three thousand dollars, and
more than two thousand dollars. the li
cense shall be ten ($io) dollars.
Seventh class. When the gross sales
are less than two thousand dollars, the
license shall he five ($5) dollars.
Provided. that this provision shall not
apply to places doing busin:ess herein
named where alcoholic, vinous or malt
liquors are sold.
Provided further, that druggists sell
ing sodt water, mnead, etc., shall be re
quired to take out a license under this
act.
Sec. t6. Be it further enacted. etc..
That the annual license for the kinds of
business hereinafter named shall be
graduated in thirteen classes, as fol
lows, viz.:
That `for every individual or company
carrying on the profession or business
agency for steamboats, driving, truck
ing, keeping cabs, carriages, hacks or
horses for hire. undertakers, owners or
lessees of toll bridges and ferries, mas
ter builders, stevedores, bill nosting. dis
tributing or tacking. contractors and me
chanics who employ' assistance. the li
cense for said profession or occupation:
First class. When said gross annual
receipts are twenty thousand dollars or
more, the license shall be one hundred
and twenty ($12o) dollars.
Second class. When said gross annual
receipts are sixteen thousand dollars or
more, and legs than twenty thousand
dollars, the licenses hall be one hundred
and five ($t<os) dollars.
Third class. When said gross annual
receipts are twelve thousand dollars or
more, and less than sixteen thousand
dollars, the licenses hall be ninety-five
($95)- dollars. -
Fourth class: When said gross amnual
receipts are ten thousand dollars or
more, and less than twelve thousand
dollars. the license shall be eighty ($80)
dollars.
Fifth .lass. When said gross annual
receipts are eight thousand dollars or
more, and less than ten thoutand dol
lars, the license shall be seventy ($70)
dollars.
Sixth class. When the said gross an
nual receipts are six thousand dollars or
more, 'and less than eight thousand dol
lars, the licenses hall be sixty ($6o) dol
lars.
Seventh class. When said gross annual a'
receipts are five thousand dollars or 0
more, and less than six thousand dol- fi
lars. the licenses hall be fifty ($50) dol- t
lars. b
Eighth class. When said gross annual ti
receipts are four thousand dollars or a
more, and less than six thousand dollars, t
the license shall be forty ($4o) dollars. tl
Ninth class. When said gross annual ti
receipts are three thousand dollars or
more, and less than four thousand dol
lars, the license shall be thirty ($3o) it
dollars.
Tenth clais. When said gross annual fi
receiptsare two thousand dollars or tl
more, and less than three thousand do!
lars, the license shall be twenty-five c
($a5) dollars.
Eleventh' class. When said gross an- ',
nual receipts are one thousand dollars t
or more. and less than two thousand e
dollars, the licenses hall be twenty ($So) Ii
dollars. t
Twelfth class. When said gross an- t
nual receipts *are seven hundred and 2
fifty dollars or more, and less than one
thousand dollars, the license shall be I
fifteen ($z5) dollars.
Thirteenth class. When said gross an
nual receipts are less than seven hun
dred and fifty dollars, the license shall
be five ($5) dollars. -
That every individual or individuals
carrying on the business or profession
of physician, attorney at law, editor, den
tist, oculist. photographer jeweler and I
all other- ,isiness not herein or herein- 4
after provTded for shall be graded the
same as above set, forth, but the license
shall be one-half of those established by
this section. and provided no license '
shall be issued hereunder for less than ý
five ($5) dollars.
"That every peddler or street vendor
of any commodity whatsoever or street
(oral) adveriser of any commodit-
whatsoever shall pay an annual license
of twenty-five ($S%) dollars."
Sec. 17. Be it further enacted, etc.,
That all traveling vendors of stoves,
lightning rods and clocks shall pay a
license annually of two hundred dollars
($ao©) whether traveling as peddlers or
not. For every tradio' stamip company
- issuing stamps to merchants and all oth
er dealers of every kind whatsoever
where the gross and annual receipts are
less than five hundred dollars,-the license
e shal be two hundred andLfifty' ($250)
' dolars. and when the gross annual re
- ceipts are above five thousand dollars,
the license shall- be five hundred ($5fo)
r: _ 1 M e. it "ua 4c..
,k:uv
Firstt lass. On each pool room or turf I
exchange doing lousiness exceeding
twent' thousand ($20,000) dollars per C
annynu. an anninti license of Iwo thous
and five hdndrcdt$2.5o0) (dollars.
Second class. V)n each pool room or
turf exchange doing a husiness sif
twenty thousand ($2,oooS( dollatI or
est er aenumn. as annual license of two
thousand ($2 0001 dollars.
Sec. eq. Paragraph t. *e it fuotter
enacted, etc. That evens whotesal# lteal
er in pistols and rises in this city shall I
nay glicense tax oi teun ($1o) dollars.
and every wholesale dealer jo gistot or
rifle cartridges in this city shall pay *"
license tax of %ve ($s0 dlollars.
Par. 2. Be it furthet enacted. etc.
That every retait dealer in pistols in this I
city shall pay a license tax of woe hun- I
dred (tMoo) tollars. and every etait I
dealer in pistol air rifle cartridges in this I
city shall pai a license tan .p fifty 1:,o) I
dbollars
Par. 1. Ie * furttet eotacte& c..
That whosoever shall self, al *hotesat
or retail. pistols. of pistol or rifle car
tridges without having first .btainted iet
license herein provided. shall be guilt]
of a *iisdemeanot and upon conwiction I
shall he finc4 not tess than fifty (95m.
dollars or imprisonment not enoff thaw
ten ( io/ elays .4 M>oth at the eliscrettie
(if the court. IProvided. that soyn er
tridges of 22-caliber or less shall be con
sideref a rifle of pistol cartridge withi
the purport and intent of this section, a
Sec. 2o. tie it further enacted. etc.. I
That each and every benevolent os fra- I
ternal society or association whiclh may. I
through solicitors o, agents. solicit I
membership therein fr4m0 house to S
house. and who jay compensation to 1
such solicitors or agents for their serv- I
ices. shall pay a license on the .aid busi- [
ness, as follows. to-wit: I
"First Class. When the gross annual I
receipts or collections from the stem- I
hers of such society or association shall t
amount to fifty thotusand dollars or more I
the license shall le three lunddred and I
seventy-five ($375) dollars. I
"Second Class. When the said gross I
annual receipts or mollections from the I
members of such society or association I
amount to forty thousand dollars and I
less than fifty thousand dollars. the li- I
cense shall he three hundred ($3001 I
dollars.
"Third Class. W\hen the saidvross 1
annual receipts or collections from the I
members of such societ- or association [
shall amount to thirty thousand dollars,
and less than forty thousand dollars,
the license shall be two hundred and
twenty-five ($225) dollars.
-Fourth Class. When the said gross
annual receipts or collections front the
members of such society or association
shall amount to twenty thousand dol
Tars or less. the license shall be one
hundred and fifty ($t'o0) dollars."
Sec. 21. Be it further enacted. etc..
That when any two or more kinds of
business are combined; except as herein
expressly provided for, there shall he a
separate license required for each kind
of business. When any firm, company or
association shall lease. operate, -manage
or control the lausiness franchise or
property of other corporations. associa- c
tions or firms, they shall pay a separate e
license for each business.
Sec. 22. Be it further enacted. etc..
That the annual receipts, capital. sales
and premium in this act, referred to as
a basis of license. are those for the year
for which the license is granted. the I
standard for their estimation shall be
orima facie of the preceding year if the
business has been conducted previou ly
by the same party or parties to whom
they claim to be successors. If the firm
or conpany be new the amount or gross
sales for the first two months shall be
considered the basis, and six times that
amount shall be estimated as the annual
receipts of such business; orovided that
any person commencing business after
the first of tily. peddlers excepted. shall
pay one-half of the above rates.
Sec. 23. .Be it further enacted. etc..
That the business of the previous yeears.
as also the actiual condition and resultt
of business of the current year, for new
firms, associations or corporations, for
the purpose of calculating licenses, shall I
he ascertained by the city controller in t
the sworn statement of the person or
nersons in interest. his or dheir duly at- i
thorized agent or officer, made before
the controller or his .depity; *rovided.a
thlat if the city controller be Sot satis
fied with the said sworn statement. the
shall traverse the same by a tule taken
in proper court; rile shall be fried sum
marily, whether an answer thereto be
filed or not. Oi tihe 9rial of said rule.
the books and written entries and mean
oranda (if said person or persons. firuls.
companies. coroorationls or parties. shall
be brought into court and suibject to the
inspectionl ansd examination of the court.
the officer who took the rule, and such
experts as lie may employ or the court
may appomit; provided, that this inspec
tionl shall not lie construied as entitling
the defendant to introduce in evidence
saidl books and doctuments any more
than he wottid have been withlout suchy
itispectioti: providled also. that the is
cense shall issue in accordance with the
said sworn statement. notwithstanding
the prospect or pendencv of the rule, and
the final ratification shall be made as or
dered by the court.
Be it further ordained, that the city
controller shall proceed in the enforce- o1
ment of these licenses and collection sl
thereof in all respects as provided by the cc
existing laws in enforcing these licenses ti
and penalties. t
Sec. 24. Be it further Onacted. etc..
That a nerson, firm or company, having
more than one place of business, shall
nay a separate license for each place of t
business.
"Sec. 2a. Be it further enacted. etc..
that any liecnse issued in pursuance c$
this ordinance shall be cancelled and
rendered null and void and of no effect
noon the conviction of any licensee or
said licensee's employe for the violation c
of any or all of the ordinances of the c
city of Shreveport requiring all stores. n
shops, saloons, etc., within the city of 11
Shreveport to he closed on Sundays, or 3
for'the violation of any or all ordinances c
orohibiting the sale, gift. exchange. bar- r
ter. or delivery of intoxicating. alco- t
hhlic. vinons or malt liquors in said r
city of Shreveport between 12 o'clock
on Saturday night and 12 o'clock on
Sunday night I
Be it further ordained. That all ordi- t
nanees or parts of ordinances in conflict I
herewith he repealed and that this cwdi- I
nauce take effect rom and after its pro
aulg tioa anerding to law.
misse- to be- valid shall be- signed +
Jby te ayor -nd Cogptoiller.
T rt -7ý {+ e
Dickson. Foster. Jenkins, #edbetter,
Lowenthal. Q)uigles Ran4 Snyder. W$s
man, listen. Wise.
Nays: None.
et. 98. 99o0.
AN1)REW' Qt)PkRMES Wayne.
b. G.. RIVES. 60m trollee.
W. C. 6L4fYES,
Auditor ante ets 8ice for-FOell
Ity r. att1-t
The Maym. at towntcr: Men 61arace
co*naitte l have made fot your guidance
the ")111 oitig OeWg 4 twqent for
F'roan taxes.. ... . . . ... fi;,DO no
Front I icee m ... ... ... .. (S. ano
Frcg market *g... ... ... 6.eo 0n
f9roii sine% ... .*. . .). ...... $ O0 a
Feons dog la .. .. nos O
free ot go .. . .. o10
9.i44 ... .. ... ...*@i.anwwo
And .e ebr~eisneO adoptimcei. of
4e jollowig bo4gei ai apprpwias mns
Or ie ordained Mr *e c"" suermW eef
the ay i(d Shrevepwrt. in legal assembly
<aivewew. that ie i.owing huelget .4
appropSriatioei lot Ate rear wot he and
ile Saie js heretC adopted andi the suem
{a apart for tCe Collowing sierme and
deawtment. o) te scity goverwnmeset. or
-. ur.nci herreof a enayr be necessary, he
and the same sn Wr,* *epsoprsated as
For lire &pariime* ......$28.501 e0
For police deoaritu4 ....... ,6.75o co
Fier wake w orks . . 5.000 00
Foe city gdlicials ...... ...... ..50x, 0o
For paupet accouti .. ... ... 3500 o
For contingent expresse . 4.250 00
Foe .improvementn . .. 1),800 oo
For street lightuig ... ...... .0,000 00
For sanitary work .......... .t,ow no
Fir board Ali health .. .... .,8oo 00
For sweeping and cleanig... 12,000 00
For public schools ... ....... 6,200 00
For f:e.l account... ... ... a.5o0 00
For engineer department .... d.500 0
For cem4ery associatioia ..... 300 00
Fog home for homeless ...... 300 00
For Park Assn. ... ... ...... 300 00
For Home Charitable Assia.... o00 00
For Genevieve Orphanage ... 300 00
For Southern Paving Cc. .. . 8,000 00
For fire alarm system ... ... Boo 00
For fire hose already bought... tooo oo
For fire engine ... ... ..... ..000 00
For manual training and
equinment in connection
with public schoots .. . 300 00
Totat ... ... ... ... ..... 144,ooo 0o
Passed ts its first and second reading
by the following voter
Ayes: Allen. Busbev. Conger, Currie,
Dickson. Foster. Jenkins. Yt dbetter.
Lowenthat Rand. Quigles. Snyder, Who
man. Tusten. Wise.
Nays: None.
Nov. 19 190A.
Z. G. HAl'ES
Auditor and Ex-Officio Secretary.
The budget ordinance was read the
third time and on motion of Mr. Currie
was amended as follows:
['ha? the bridge fund be added to the
contingent 'und. provided the Bridge
election law was not complied with and
that the cit" attorney give a written
opinion in the matter.
As amended the ordinance was adopt
ed by the following vote:
Aes: Allen. Bushey. Conger. Currie.
Dickson. Foster, Jenkins, Ledbetter,
Lowenthal. Quieles. Rand. .Snyder, Tho
man. Tusten. Wise.
Nays: None.
December 15. 1902.
ANDREW QUERBES, Mtayor.
(C. G. RIVES. Comptroller.
t. G. HAYES.
Auditor and Ex-Officic. Secretary.
tec. at, o002.
fiEALED B1Tafe
Art S1ereby Invited fot the City's e:
Plumbing, a
Specifications for plumbing work to be
done by contract, in connection with all n
buildings and premises belonging to-the 0
city of Shreveport :
The contract to expire with ether an- C'
nuaT contracts of the city from date of
-cceptance of hid by the cit' council. The
ifollowing are the buildings. premises and
grounds where plumbing fixtures and fit- t'
,ings are located: City tiall, including of
fices, police station, city prison and mar
'ct house, engine houses Nos. t. 2, 3 and *
4. all water troughs and hydrants and C
water pipe in Greenwood cemetery and
)ld city cemetery.
The contractor shall undertake Io keep
in good renair and working order Ml
plumbing fixtures and fittings now in use
'or which may be added during the term
of this contract" in all buildings. 'rem
ises and grounds. as before specified.
The contractor shall supply all labor
and material required in the carrying out
.-f the provisions of this contract, and no
charges shall be allowed for renewals.
new material or fittings except on writ
ten order of plumbing inspector. Re
newals shall be interpreted to mean new
fixtures and water faucets and this only
when such have been condemned by the
plumbing inspector.
In case of neglect on part of contrac
tor to give prompt attention to com
olaints after due notification, the city
shall have the work done and deduct the
e cost of such work from amount du( con
s tractor.
Bids to be in hands of thtt city comp
troller by 6 p.m. January 19. 1903.
A certified check for $25 to accomoany
1 each bid as an evidence of good faith.
The successful bidder will be required
to give satisfactory bond.
C. G. RIVES. Comptroller.
t)ec. 21, 1902.
d TAX ORDINANCE.
r It i* ordained by the council oO the
n city of Shrevenort, in legal assembly
e convened. That an advalorem tax of to
s. mills on the dollar be and the same is
f hereby levied upon every dollar of the
>r assessment made for year 1902 in the
is corporate limits of the city of Shreve
r- port: said tax to be collected according
a- to law and applied to the general *x
id penses of the city government.
:k Be it further ordained, etc.. That au
)n advalorem tax of 2 1-2 mills he and is
hereby levied. to be collected according
li- to law, and applied to the subsidy
et granted the Red River Valley Railway
i- Company.
o- Be it further ordained. etc.. That an
advalorem tax of 2 mills on the dollar.
ed etc, be and the same is hereby levied
and imposed, to be collected according
to law, and applied to the payment of
sr, tbe subsidy -ranted to the Kansas City,
~*
Shfeeeport and Gulf Railway Company.
We it £inther ordained. etc. That an
itdlalorren fax of six mill on the dol
las , rwery dollar of the assessment for
te it r oot 2 be and the same is hereby
'vewil snd inot rd. said tax of 6 mills
+4 c.. llccted according to law, and
applied to tayiitg the interest upon and
creatsig a inking fund for the final
payment a the hond, of the city.
it. diurther girdained. etc.. That an
adalarri ts\ of on. mill on the dol
lat it estrw slollar of the assessment
mi.le for tts "not he and is hereby
levt ted* l nil un d, said tax of one mill
t"to I. itrcte4 according to law, and
apptileel t" the payment at the debt in
ctsre.l !n the tuppre-Jion of epidemics
in Sth kl if Shreveport.
ra tl and paascd through its first and
seato' trading tiy ti. following vote:
Ayes: .tllen. Agurs. 11rain. Crawford,
Coniger. lick.. &i ghes, Johnson. Wag.
net"1. ,r.
! l.teaistbr 4;. smog.
C. t;. RAVES,
.tnatitor aid Lx-Officio Secretary.
l'assr.l through its third and final
reaiitig ind 5doptvd by the following
41ss: Allen. Yt-ievy. Conger, Foster.
I.ldhiatri. Rand. Snyder. Tusten.
Nary: None.
1)c.. l44, 11)0g.
rtjeeing then sil strneot.
T. G. IAYES.
Anid 1t. and is O)ffcio Secretary.
¶)tc. 17. 1902.
AN ORDINANCE
,. prtevrlt tunneling beneath the paved
streets and alleys of the city of
.Shreveport. except at a stipulated
depth. and prescribine penalties for
v tiolation thereof.
Tie it ordained by the city council of
the sits of Shreveport, in regular ses
sioet tonvened. that from and after the
passage ,f this ordinance that it shall
be unlawful to tunnel beneath any
pased street or alley within the corpor
ate limits of the city, except at a depth
of twent" feet (20) or more below the
conceete foundation of said street or
allee.
Be it further ordained, that no street
or. alley shall he tunneled excet *I
a written permit signed by
commissioner and co' . r
the mayor.
Be it further ordained, that tse party- -- ,
or parties to whom said permit may be
granted shall give a good and suficiest
bond to gutarnatee the city against loas
should the street or alley so tuatteed
beneath trve way or cave in, through
fault of the party or e'rties so tunnel
ing. said bond to be approved by the
mavor. -.
Be it further ordained that whome-;
ever shall violate the provisions of this.
ordinance shall aupon convctisl ;e be
not less than twenty-fve ($ C4lJ v
nor more than one hundred(Se
lars. or ten days' imorisouwsaker
at the discretion of the court,, se
default of naynent of stu fd e
posed shall be ordered to woskapi
same on the public stret agij- '
or other Psubhc works at the rate " '
dollar ($) petr day fori
labor performed.
Adopted by the followlg yvoteC 4
Ayes: Allen. Busy C arr4 4
Dickson.. Foste~r, reun t
Lowenthal. Ra#&
Thoman. Tusten. Wise.
Nays: None.
Adopted December te.
ANDREW QUEXU ~ r
C. Gs. RIVES. &sntmfd,
T. G. HAYES,
Auditor and Ex-O4iEid
Dec. 21, 1902.
AN ORDINANCE
Providing an appropriation Jar t j
tal of water works extsses '
Whereas, the S epor
Works Company hs+ )eep -r
extend its water .staits s.
and Jones streets, neeess
ting of three (3) fire Itydf
And whereas, no provsstwo
made for payment of the
on said hydrants.
Therefore be it ors aiseq
council of the city of
the stun of one hasa dr .,
($12o) dollars p g~annmm
the completion ofi str a
tension. be and is hereby
innually to the She
Works Companyy a the a
said hydrants, to be
existence of said o afs
Read and passed ith
second readings b the
Ayes: Allen. Btthey.
son. Foster. Jenkins. Leep
thai. Quigles, Rand. Saday, Thomns,
Tusten. WVise.
Nays: None.
Nov. 19. 1902.
Read and passed through its third sai
final reading and adopted by the oaktow
ing vote:
Ayes: Allen, Busbev Coner,
Dickson. Foster. Jenkins;, L et
Lowenthal. Quiles. Rand, Snyder,
man. Tusten. Wise.
Nays: None.
Dec. 18. 1902.
ANDREW QUERBES, Mayor.
('. G. RIVES. Comptroller.
T. a;. HAYES.
Auditor and ex-Officio Secretary.
P)ec. 24, 1902.
AN ORDINANCE.
Be it ordained by the city council of
the city of Shreveport, in legal assess
bly convened, that any person or per
sons making application for a valuable
franchise from the city of Shrevevort
shall furnish a S3ooo bond with said
application as a ouestion of good faith
and that wor~k on the object ` ' *htch
said franchise may be given
within three months after sa
is granted. and a furthe
. 0o.ooo that the work on -..:.
y shall be conmleted within two years
o from the date on which the said free
s chile was given. The time may be ex
e tenled by a three-fourths vote of the
1e council.
Ailited December 15. 1902
g ANDREW QUERBES. Mr-or.
C. G. RIVES. Comptroller.
"l G. HAYES.
Auditor and Ex-Oflicin Secretary.
+s?)Cc. 21, 1902.
lv FISCAL AGENCY.
ty Sealed bids are hereby invited far the
fiscal agency of the city of Sbfetvrt
it from the date of acceptance of this bid
r. until November. 9o04. Said bids to be is
d the hands of the comptroller by 6 p.m.
ig Jantuary It). 1903.
of C. G. RIVES. Cosptro~ler.
:y, Dec_ 17, Ige. 1-I