ý11' 4 CASIAN.
(McWa Journal of the
City ot Shreveport.
W1. ' DAY, JAN. 14, 1903.
SE1N# A MO tSRATf N.
On last Sunday night there was aan
oiutpo trip of the people who crowned
Sintt dftli to join in the proest
4girght the repeal of the Sunday low.
4 was stated in the Caucasian of te
" at de. titre was B. str ng politital
,iti*rmt t M''ch suggested the 10
repeal, not so mucW because of
gy7 synpathy for the men engaged in
' #fb 4squor traQs, " At was 4d.
d f, pnsaihtp , to thwart Mayor
a. ies vu hig .ffts to enforce the
` w. If Querbes could only be
end~aearad tdand ediiant
£ -.ndS PWAg ' done ap"
4, IcqI sct.: s e decd as iec
hscheinmgm but
14 te abeet-.id
pl , <te lsentiment
ad4pin ent 'f~*e Sunday
`Mla Ae d is being
ti position which.at4st
, 9 erbe today " is
city and
frc the
rvk - t' .endoursed
support
law, re
e wherwer
a"d:oener
aSiulday
ad wlsch.
ti~ers,
to' ac
*ere
p cal
by that
M4 be
or
3 .
S .
AN ORDINANCE
Levying Liccases In the City of Shreve
port for the Year 1I83.
Section 1.. Be it ordained by the city
council of the city of Shreveport, in
legal assembly convened. that there. be
and is hereby levied a license for the
year 1003. on each person, association
of persons or business firms and cor
porations pursuing any trade, profes
sion, vocation, calling or business sub
ject to license tinder Articles 229 and
242 of the Constitution. as follows. to
wit:
.Sec. 2. All licenses shall be due and
collectable between the 1st and 5th of
January 1903,. and all unpaid licenses to
become delinquent on the 15th day of
January, 1Q03, after which date penal
ties shall apply.
. All firms that commence business after
the 15th day of Jantary shall become
delinquent unless license is paid within
24 hours. The city controller shall be
gin the collection of licenses immedi
ately after the first of January, 19o3.
and collect the same as fast as possible.
Sec. ,. Annual licenses for all kinds
of business hereinafter named, except as
afterward provided for, shall he gradu
ated as follows:
MANUFACTURERS.
Paragraph t. That for carrying on
each business of manufacturing subject
to license under Art. 229 of the Con
stitution, the license shall be based on
"soes annual receipts of said business as
follows. to-wit:
First Class. When the said receipts
ire seventy-five thousand dollars or
more, the license shall be fifty-two and
one-half ($52.50) dollars.
Second Class. When the said receipts
are fifty thousand dollars or more, and
less than seventy-five thousand dollars,
the license shall be thirty-five ($35) dol
lars.
Third Class. When the said re
ceipts are forty thousand dollars or
more and less than fifty thousand dol
lars, the license shall be twenty-eight
($28) dollars.
Fourth Class. When the said receipts
are thirty thousand dollars or more and
less than forty thousand dollars, the li
cense shall be twenty-one ($at) dollars.
Fifth Class. When the said receipts
are twenty-five thousand dollars or more
and less than thirty thousand dollars,
the license shall be nineteen and one-half
($tg.go) dollars.
Sixth Class. When the said reecipts
are less than twenty-five thousand dol
lars the license shall be fifteen ($t5)
dollars.
Provided, nothing herein shall be con
strued to apply to the business of grind
ing meal, ginning cotton or making su
gar by any farmer or planter.
Paragraph 2. That for each business
of carrying on a bank, banking compan
association, corporation or agency the
license shall be based on the declared or
nominal capital and surplus, as follows,
to-wit:
"First Class. When said declared or
nominal capital and surplus is three
hundred thousand lollars or more, and
under four hundred thousand dollars,
the license shall be three hundred and
fifty ($33o) dollars.
"Second Class. When said declared or
nominal capital and surplus is two hpn
dred theosand dollars or more, and an
der three hundred thousand dollars. the
-lupse shall be two hundred an fifty
( ).dollars.
ird Class. When said declared or
ntminal capital and surplue is one hun
thobsand dollars or more, and less
tbatitwo hundred thousand dollars, the
license shall be one hundred and fifty
fitso) ollers.
"Fourth Class. When said declared or
tnoii capimal and surplus is fifty
theasand dollare or more and under one
thousand dollars, the license
dhall be seventy-five ($7y) dollars
"Thie declared or nominal capital and
tarp =is,, provided 4,s this- section,, shall
ht tsime4 ;and Mssed upon tip an
*u) statement made in pursuance of
Vxist ing la'wr.
Q Fa e0 achi business of carrying on p11
. ~e bakiung house.- business or agency
.ý-be wo-lases only, and the
ý` license shall be based on the total, de
' .dared catntal invested in said business.
wttesaid *tat ~is owned or in use
r woeit in ti rte or elsewhere,
"First Class 'When said capital is one
:and fifty thousand dollars or
htoe.. Aeens shall be one hundred
and fty 4r ) dollars.
"Seond Clsas. WVen said capital is
u-e one *hmnlydt .and, qty- thousand
4: + ars. the -lces shiill be seventy-ive
Th e va*orivmi capital and
- ~.~.esdodis this s~iue, shall
be ;ascaeros and based_ upon the: ap
maeiV pursuance of cx
'le et sdhs sof carrying out w
ustebauba. esu Isemepor agency
stU a twQ " os4~ ey, and the
ebased on the total de
iar e ; al inese iii mid busiwiets
stkeehuis ctl¾ownedor in . .:
+*ol is"t at c sifs rehr as
Whnsaid gaitas one
_bsmesul e one huadredj
r` (ip )dollarcs.
n , s, Wi', said +aia is'
ses knes as ctto
bumlm , su - ot-Qre
t slag c acul -spot "or
;. Wu « beatea :s~
thousand dollars, the license shall be
one hundred and twelve dollars and
fifty cents ($112.50).
Fourth Class. When the annual gross
commissions exceed ten thousand dol
lars and are no more than fifteen thous
and dollars. the license shall be seventy
five ($75) dollars.
Fifth Class. When the annual gross
commissions exceed five thousand dol
lars and are no more than ten thousand
dollars, the licenses hall he fifty ($5o)
dollars.
Sixth Class. When the annual gross
commissions are five thousand dollars
or less the license shall he twenty-five
($25) dollars.
The intention and purpose of this sec
tion is to embrace and include all coin
missions or brokerage received by any
person or persons, firms or company on
all sales and purchases made, whether
the thing lsfught or sold is delivered on
not.
Sec. '. Be it further enacted, etc..
That each and every pawn-broker or
keeper of a loah office, whose capital, in
actual use, is fifty thousand dollars or
more, shall be graded as eighth class,
section fourth, the license shall be five
hundred ($500) dollars; that when the
capital in actual use is less than tift"
thousand dollars shall be graded as oth
class. section fourth, the license shall be
three hundred and seventy-five ($375)
dollars.
Sec. 6. Be it further enacted. etc..
That for every wholesale mercantile
business, whether as principal, agent or
commission. by auction. representing the
foreign merchants or othei'vise, the li
cense shall be based on the gross annual
amount of sales, as follows:
First class. When the gross sales are
one million five hundred thousand dol
lars or more, the license shall be four
hundred ($4oo) dollars.
Second class. When gross sales are
one million dollars or more, and uiklder
one million five hundred thousand dol
lars, the license shall he three hundred
$(30o0) dollars.
Third class. When gross sales are
eight hundred thousand dollars or more.
and sander one million dollars. the li
cense shall be two hundred and fifty
($aSo) dollars.
Fourth class. When gross sales are six
hundred thousand dollars or more, and
under eight hundred thousand dollars,
the licenses hall be two hundred ($260)
dollars.
Fifth class. When gross sales are
five hundred thousand dollars or more,
and under six hundred thousand dollars,
the license shall he one hundred and fifty
($5so) dollar;
Sixth class. When gross sales are two
hundred and fifty thousand dollars or
more, and not more than five hundred
.thousand dollars, the license shall be one
hundred ($ioo) dollars
Seventh class. When gross sales are
two hundred and fifty thousand dollars
or less, the license shall. be fifty ($5o)
dollars.
Provided, that no person or persons
shall be deemed wholesale dealers un
less he or they sell by the original or
unbroken package or barrel only; and
provided further, that no person or per
sons -shall be deemed wholesale dealers
unless he or they sell to dealers for re
sale. If they ieli its less quantities than
original unbroken packages or barrels,
;they shall -be considered retail dealers,
and pay licenses as sueh. That for every
business selling at 'retail, whether as
trincipal, agent on commission or other
wise, the license shall be based on the
gross annual amount of sales, as fol
lows:
s First class. When gross sales are two
S hundred thousand dollars or more, the
y license shall be one hun 'red and fifty
-($1so) dollars.
i Second class. When gross 'sales are
one hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
C or more, and under two hundred thous
e and dollars, the license shall be one hun
dred ($too) dollars.
d Third class. When gross sales are
I seventy-five thousand dollars or more,
. and under one hundred thousand dol
lars, the license shall be seventy-five
($7ý5) dollars.
Sourth class. When gross sales are
y thousand dollars or more, and un
e d seventy-five thousand dollars, the li
cense shall be fifty ($5o) dollars.
Fifth class. When gross sales are forty
e thousand dollars or More. and under
fifty thousand dollars. the license shall
be forty ($40) dollars.
e Sixth class. When gross sales are
,r thirty thousand dollars or more and un
d der forty thousand dollars. the license
shall be thirty ($io) dollars.
* Seventh class. When gross sales are
d twenty-ive thousand dollars or more and
e under thirty thousand dollars, the li
cense shall be twenty-five ($a5) dollars.
d Eighth class. When gross sales are
d twenty thousand dollars or more and un
- der twenty-five thousand dollars, the i
cense shall be twenty ($ao) dollars.
Ninth class. When gross sales are
fifteen thousand dollars or more and un
der twenty thousand dollars, the license
e shall be fifteen ($t5) dollars.
Tenth class. When, gross sales are
less than fifteen thousand dollars and
e more than five thousand dollars, the li
e cense shall be ten (Sto) dollars.
Eleventh class. When gross sales are
Sfive thosaed dollars or less, the license
r shall be five ($g) dollars.
I Provided, that if any distilled, vinous,
ma1t or other kind of mixed liquors be
t sold in connection with the business of
I tetail merchant, grocer, oyster house,
co0esfctioneery, or in less; quantities than
fivt tallons, the license for such addi
tional. business shall be as hereinafter
provided in section 13 of this act : ore
Z"e brther, thatao license shall issue
to sell liquors in less qutnxities .tan one
quast for less than five hundred ($500)
dollars.
Provided, that retail drug stores own
ed or co mo=h st nagedbIrt . Ir
ularly licensed prduate 6f1ar1asgy,
is drqg ir meicnene, shall#$yi tihe
;ot e ,rer h
S- ; mu
um4 w tl
1,
cept in cases of illness and noon the i
written orescription of a physician rego
larly anthorized to practice tinder the I
laws of this State: otherwise the iid
license to sell drugs shall be cancellk I.
annulled and f irfeited.
Sec. 7. Ite it further enacted. etc.
That every insurance company doinue
business in titk city shall. on or before
the first day of March in each year. ren
der to the Secretary of State a report.
signed and sworn to Iy its president and d
secretary. of it. condition upon the
ceding 1ist day of December. which
shall include a detailed statement of t,
assets and liabiliti(, on that day: the
amount and character of ttine-.s trans
acted int this State. aloneys received and
expended during tile year, and such ott
er information and in such forit is Ie
mtai require. I lie tai collector slthll de
mand from each cimpany applyintt for
license a certificate from the Secretary
of State certifying to the amount of his
iness transacted dsring the precedini
year by such contpany as shown v the i
sworn statement on file in his office. and
the license (f each company shall he
based upon such certificate.
Sec. 8. Be it jfurther enacted. etc..
That each and ever' life and accident
insurance ci ntpatiy ( society ), associa
tion. corporation or other organisation
or firmt or indii idual doing and cmotinct
it' a life or accident insurance ltisitte~s
of any kind in this city, whether such
company (society), assiciation. cr
cioration or other organi i 'ation or firm
or individual is located or domiciled here
or operating here through a branch de
partment, resident oward. local tffice.
firm. company, corporation or agency of
an" kind whatsoever, shall pay a sepa
rate and distinct license on said busi
ness for each company represented, and
said license shall be' based on the gross
annual amount of-nremimts on all risks
located within the city and on. all risks
located elsewhere contracted for in the
city or from offices in the city for which
local license is not paid elsewhere, as
follows, to-wit :
First class. When said premiums are
forty thousand dollars or more, the li
cense shall he three hundred ($,too ) dol
lars.
Second class. When said premiums
are thirty thousanl dollars and less than
forty thousand dollars, the license shall
be two hundred and twenty-five t $22;
dollars.
Third class. When said premituts are
less than thirty thousand dollars, the li
cense shall he one hundred and fifty
($tso) dollars.
Sec. 9. Be it further enacted, etc..
That each and every fire, marine and
river insurance guarantee, suretr or in
demnity company, society. association'
corporation or other organization or
firm, or individual doing and conduct
ing a fire, marine or river insurance,
guarantee. surety or indemnity business
of any kind in this city, or any other in
surance business not otherwise provided
for, whether such company, society, as
sociation, corporation or other organi
-zation or firm, or individual, is located
or domiciled here or ope-ating here
through a branch department, resident
board, local office, firm, company. cor
poration or agency of any kind whatso
ever, shall pay a separate and distinct
license on said business for each com
pony represented, and said license shall
be btsed on the gross annual amount of
:premiums on all risks located within
this city, and on all risks located else
where contracted for in the city, or from
offices in the city for which local license
is not paid elsewhere, as follows, to
wit -
First class. When annual premiums
e are two thousand dollars or less, the li
e cense shall be forty ($4o) dollars.
Second class. When annual premiums
e are over two thousand dollars and less
z than three thousand dollars, the license
shall be sixty-five ($65) dollar;.
Third class. When annual premiums
are three thousand dollars and less than
e four thousand dollars, the lihrnse shall
be ninety ($9o) dollars.
Fourth class. When annual premiums
e are four thousand dollars and less than
six thousand dollars, the license shall be
e one hundred and fifteen ($It5) dollars.
Fifth class. When annual premiums
- are six thousand dollars and not over
fifteen thousand dollars, the license shall
be one hundred and fifty ($sUo) dollars.
r Sixth class, When annual premitms
I are over fifteen- thousand dollars and
less than twenty thousand. dollars, the li
e eense shall be two hundred and twenty
- five ($225 t dollars.
Seventh class. When annual premiums
are twenty thousand dollars and less
p than thirty thousand dollars, the license
shall be two hundred and seventy-five
- ($275) dollars.
Eighth class. When annual premiums
are thirty thousand dollars and over,
the license shall be three hundred ;$3oo)
dollars.
Sec. so. Be it further enacted, etc..
That every omnibus or regular coach or
herdic business, collecting agencies or
agents for the collection of monies, ac
counts, notes, etc., and for every busi
ness of transporting -money, merchan
dise or other articles; by express or
transfer, of operating one or more tow
boats or tugboats, or keeping a ware
house or storage room, or landing
whire goods and merchandise are re
ceived and delivered,,the licenses hall be
based on the gross annual receipts of
said business as follows: (There shall
be six classes of this business) :
First class. When the gross annual
receipts are two hundred thousand dol- 1
tars or more, Ihe license shall be one
hundred and fifty ($1So) dollars.
Second class. When the gross annual
receipts are one hundred and fifty thous
and dollars or more, and less than two
hundred thousand dollars, the license I
shall be one hundred ($too) dollars.
Third class. When the gross annual
receipts are one hundred thousand dol- t
lars or more, and less than one hundred 4
and fifty thousatd dollars, the license
shall be seventy ive ($75) dollars. C
Furths class. When the gross annual r
recedpts are seventy-ive thousand dol- t
lars o, more, and less than one hundred I
thousand &dt rs. the license shall be s
:ft ($5g) dollars. e
F fth class. When the gross annual
recepts= are twenty- ive thousand dol- n
lams o more, and less than seventy-five c
Sdollars, the jicense shall be I
fqtyt ($p)L dollars.
3:. ''xs , ,When the gross annual s
s tn twenty-five thous- h
= icse shall be thirty b
mess of sugar and molasses exclusively
or either of them. the license shall he
i'n ed on the gross annual receiots- of
ail busines~ as follow :
There ,hall he three elasses, 0i'.
Fr-t cla s. hien the gross annual
recerios are ftir thousand tive hundred
ttlint or more, the liceni shall le one
lnnlred and fifty ($I oe dolars.
Second class. :Wieit the wros- eliiana!
receipts are three tliinuand dlollars or
more, and les tiian uor *iiiiaid elol
Tars. the licenses hal I he tie iundred
nl te ($itno)dollars.
Thiri -class. \\Vlitn the .ro-s annuat
reel ipji are tess than three hiousand
doliars, the li(eone ~isll i e seventvy-ve
($7; d llar.
I'rvled frtiTter, that for cirevine "m
lhe ltnusinies of rxtitiing sugar ant inn
las(, ori riiicr of ithem, tile a19iiinat cit
license shall Ie one-eigtithl of cite per
ient 11,i the gross tcciipti ii5 ,oeli tis
Irvisjilt1. that f *r lhe tiosiniesi t
larry:itg all, iltinrri g * !iiiti1inig a'hV
iirse or Icaihn or ch-etrie eailhioaj itt
both. iiir the tritniportatimi 0f passen
gels tsiihill the li its elf 1 -t i. Ietre stall
he hire grades lasee iti 4c11ia gross
rtceiptt as tiiloiws. s/.
F irst class Whenl fie "419111A &*ass
ireeipts are twenty-five ttiiitsi'll c!ot
iats or ill * 'ti $f that anl.iiln¶t. "ir I,
cenies hall he stir loqindiir4 4$:ax10 eleil
lar~s.
Secotii class. \\te-,l the atiitsa t rose
teccipt; are Te-s itf i tweinty -ire tliois
7nt? toltlar' and 11o1"' that) three fthous
anti dollarI it c lit I 'n-c shall, tie fjty
($o) dollars
lhird class. 1h111 tte amntat gross
tectipt, ari tihrce thoisaii dollars ai
Is'. the license shall he fiftean ($is)
doIlars.
Provided fuithie, that each antd t
cry company. association, corporation co
firm cotllucting the.iusisiess of a deben
ture C detption convanub, of loan and
inves tmiint ronitaties. whether domi
ciled ii or out of the State, but author
itd t o do husiness herein. shall he sub
icct to all annual license based upon the
irtctjIts as fu'lows. to-wit:
First class. When the orross teceipts
arc over teit thousand dollars. the li
ceii shall lie .ini Itindres ($ioo) dto!
lars.
Second class. \Whie the gross teccipts
are ten thousand 'I iars and less, the Ti
cnse ihall le siv'ntv-five ($75) dollars.
Sec. t I. Be it further enacted. etc..
That for carrying in each business ot
gas light, electric light, water works.
shoot the chutes. miniature railroads,
saw mills employing ten of more hands,
telegraphing ( incluoing local and dis
trict telegraph). telephoning, express
company, cotton compress or ginnerv,
cotton pickery,- slaughter house, distil
lery and rectifying alcoholic or , malt
liquors, brewing ale, beer, porter or
other malt liquors, manufacturing to
bacco, cigars or cigarettes, refinting sit
gar or molasses or either of them. man
ufacturing cotton seed oil, oil cake or
cotton seed meal, the license shall be
based on the gross annual receipts of
each person. association of perrons bus
iness firm or corporation engaged in said
hustiness. as follows
First class. When the said gross an
t nual receipts are fifty thousand dollars
- or more, the license shall he one hundred
I and twenty-five ($125) dollar,.
f Second class. When said gross annual
n receipts are thirty-seven thousand five
- hundred dollars or more, and less than
1 fifty thousand dollars, the license shall
e be ninety-three dollars and s. lenty-five
cents ($93.75).
Third class. When the said gross an
nual receipts are twenty-five thousand
- dollars or more and less than thirty-sev
en thousand five hundred dollars, the li
5 cense shall be sixty-two dollars and fifty
s cents ($62.50).
Fourth class. 'When the said gross
annual receipts are over twenty thous
and dollars and less than twenty-five
1 thousand dollars, the license shall be
I fifty ($;o) dollars.
Fifth class. When the said gross an
y nual receipts are over fifteen thousand
t dollars and less than twenty thousand
dollars, the license shall be thirty-seven
dollars and fifty cents ($37.50).
Si; th class. When the said gross an
dual receipts are less than fifteen thous
I and dollars, the license shall be twenty
($20) dollars.
"Sec. 12. Be it further enacted, etc.,
1 That all associations. cornorations or
companies chartered or created by the
laws of other states or foreirn countries
who may engage in their own names or
in the name of their representatives or
agents in This city in. the sale of coal
oil. petroleum, naptha, henzine or other
mineral oils, whether crude or refined,
shall pay as annual license of five dol
lars for each one thousand dollars of
such sales.."
"Sec. 13. Be it further enacted, etc.,
That all associations, corporations or
companies. domiciled outside of this
State, who directly or through an agent
or representatives, deal in fresh meats,
or cured, salted or smoked meats. in this
city shall ray an annual license. of two
dollars for each one thousand dollars of
proceeds from all such business.
Sec. 14. Be it further en'w: d. <tc..
That the license herein provided for
shall he graded in two classes or so
many thereof as shall be hereinafter in
dicated as follows:
That for every business of keepini
a theatre, opera house, amphitheatre,
academy of music, license shall be based
on the quantity of space devoted to spec
tators, to be calculated by the number of
seats or ordinary space for seats, as fol
lows.:
First class. When the number of seats
or spaces exceed five hundred, the li
cense shall be one hundred ($too) dol
lars.
Second class. When the number of
seats or spaces is or less than five hun
dred, the license shall he seventy-five
($75) dollars.
Provided that no museum, menagerie,
circus or other traveling slytvw shall be
permitted to make exhibitions within
the city. unless they have first paid a
license based on the number of attaches.
whether proprietors, performers or oth
er employes, as follows:
I'irst Class. When the number of said
nersons is one-huntdred or more, the Ii
cense shall be five hundred ($5oo) dol
lar's.
Second class. WVhjen the number of
said persons is seventy-five or more, and
less than one hundred, the license shall
be four hundred ($4oo) dollars
Titrd class.' When the number of
mi tts is fitfty or mtore, and less
the - shall be
F. A. TUSTEN. l. M. WLl.
TUSTEN & WEL..
Wholesale fruits. Product and' Seeds.
wuts, Cates ant racat* 9 icy ani, Stick t'*4'y. 'Deese, stttef. Ei
fres 1t Roastet L'eant s Obantly r)/ Bane
T lod elsloh i. Drj Good Co. Ltd.
D [ o osT ( ,;X 1' $% %VI. 4 F$,u LSSE PI . VL 1 S i ll
Dry Goods, Noattons, Boots, Shoes
and fiats.
3 4 st 9 w4 d fS9! e yeat tee, fort f)flice J3 Frankdin Street.
I. . LUCL:.1 I'residesit. YALE H&CKS. Vice Presideng
W. f. .IAS!, SPPet ctary -Treasurce.
t)TRECTOR-4.
YALE IHIC(I. F. R. lITChi, I. IT. EOSMAN. W .T. C1HASlE.
T. II. ±IOVELL 1 f. il. STEVENSObJ.
THE HICKS COMPANY
WIHOLESALE GROCERS
and COTTON FACTORS.
Office alb ( ravra ,ee.to -u Coses .Springy aed 1 ra ss streets, and Corner
t'xaas ?tltIi9 n tn c t 1!ý A!c
We want our merchant friendsAn the country to
know that our plant is brand new and up to now in
all respects, and all printing enitrusted to us will be
turned out promptly and in the very latest style.
TIHE CAUCASIAN.
BOWERS' DRUGSTORE.
e Suc. t. . ug. .J. Bogel.
n
Books, + Stationery, +Toilet + Articles
and Fancy Goods.
1laiaufacturer of Flavorng Extracts, Pure Soda and Mitn
, eral Waters. Agents fot Smith-Premiar Typewriters.
S Fresh Garden Seed.
e Prescriptions carefully cominountled with the best and freshest
edrugs. kll favors alppreciated and orders given prompt
attention.
FRED W. BOWERS. Proprietor.
C. C. Iiardman & Co.,
r Wholesale and Retait Dealer In
LUMBER, SHINGLES, SASH,
I Doors. Blinds and General House
i inishfng Goods.
Office eadn Salesrooms Corner .Spring and Crockett.
LutmntI,( ¶.u l Corner La! e an4 McNeil stree
r SIREI.LPO<T.?A.
ELECTRIC LIGHT WIRING,
Complete Electric Light Plants Installed
Anywhere in the Country.
t'o Sale by the
liye afson lectic lonstrudion &upply Co.
Everything pertaining to electricity
Room 33, Cooper dilding. P? lone 242.
;`" i~' m)le Wortman,
8800V8 PTO JATE
eopand Soda lR~ijI 0D
'TINNER.
FROM
13R Ocxas Avenue. Phone 6,i
A N 1 OiiO1 give spegial attention to
MARTIN &SWAIN Roofing, :. Guttering,
General And all kinds of
Insurance
Tin and Metal Work.
Smith " Premier * Typewriters.
MaIA BEET CISTERNS OF GALVANIZED IRON
.; IN ALL DIMENSIONS.