ITS CI 0 ` 1NING LO1Y
THE ELECTRIC DISPLAY AT THE PAN
AMERICAN EXPOSITION.
Exceptional Opportunitle For the
American lantitute of Electrical
Engineer. W.ho Meet In Buffalo.
Many Foreign Experts to Be There.
ISpecial Correepondenre.]
BUFFALO, AU-. 12.-In the develop
ment and utilization of that mystic and
potential force known as electricity the
Pan-American exposition is far and
away beyond anything before attempt
ed in the way of a public exhibition of
man's achievements in the realm of
applied science. This is demonstrated
in the nightly illumination which is the
crowning glory of the exposition.
Standing upon the triumphal bridge or
causeway as the darkness closes and
looking upon the scene the effect is
thrilling. The outlines of the buildings
traced in countless rows of electric
lights, the softening colors and brilliant
play of glass and gilding and the retlec
tion of this fairyland in the surround
ing waters, the Jewehle spray of cas
cade and fountain, the almost spiritual
beauty of the various pieces and groups
of statuary and the stately grandeur of
the great electric tower form a picture
that cannot be adequately portrayed in
words. It is without doubt the most
lavish as well as the most artistic and
systematic display of electric lighting
that the world has ever seen. This is
made possible because of the enormous
power utilized at Niagara, where there
is more energy concentrated than could
be furnished by all the coal mined In
the world in a day.
Not alone In the illumination is elec
tricity an Important factor in the expo
aition. In the electricity building there
is Installed an exhibit of electric ma
chinery and appliances more complete
and varied than has ever before been
shown under one roof. Perhaps one
reason that has nfluenced exhibitors
in making the best possible showing
was the Iknowledge that the American
lastitute of Electrical Engineers would
me. ber and that there would thus
be afforded an exceptional opportunity
for calling the attention of experts to
the merits of their goods. The meeting
oecurs next week, beginning on Tues-.
day, and will be attended by a large
number of electrical engineers and ex
perts not only from all parts of this
country, but from various European
countries.
At the closing session of the Paris
slectrical cogress of 1900 the Amerl
msa Institute of Electrical Engineers,
through one of its delegates, extended
a berty invitation to all the delegates
jprusez, as well as to all electrical
ng bodies in general, to visit
Amerit In 1901. The Pan-American
epoeloion.was suggested as an occa
.ion ofering unusual opportunities to
European engineers and scientists for
ouch a visit
The foreign electricians have accept
ed this cordial tnvltation of their Amer
ican brothers in considerable numbers.
Before coming to Buffalo they will be I
given a formal welcome and reception 1
s New York. This will occur on
W4dnesday of this week. On the fol- 1
lowlag days technical visits will be
made to important works and Installa- i
tion nla the city and vicinity. They
will vTI1t the General Electric comps.
-y's works on their way hither.
da Tuesday morning. 4ug. 20, the i
geieral meeting of the American Asso- I
elation of Electrical Endlaeers will
*l 4 thie Temple of $0lic, with ad
9
a
1O
syast LLQILxATIO of TA= ZLZOT*W
OPMss Dy toe exposition and municipal
-.hlals. On the following three days
'there wll be sessions for the discus
sion of papers, and the European engi
seers have been Invited to attend and
'lke part in the exercises. The pro
gramme provides for the allotment of
am estire day for an excursion to Ni
agara tlgs and an nlaspection of the
a~'iousilectrical features to be seen
there The wooderful plant where the
Iurmnas power of the great cataract
Y ýareseed and made to supply the
plpmlWve emerlg for the Pan-Amert
d1 espositloa and hundreds of Indus
-*~tnaerprises besides will be a polnt
dt !tpeeal ainterest and value to the
'Wtu ch bt jeet . ssoas as the Pan
expltles sad the Niagara
t 1 their atd aad cea
dc o sof tbhe aeet
r se-...
wir
I IMPLY RECIPES.
A Refreshing Salad and Some Tempt
ing Vegetable Arrangemeints.
I'otatoes to Serve With F'ish.-Pass
hot muaslhed potatoes through a ricer.
Add a generous piece of butter, a little
salt and hot :iilik or cream, as needed.
Heat thoroughly and press firmly in:o
a buttered tin. have the potato about
half an inich thick. Cut into diamond
shaped pieces and score diagonally
with a skewer dipped in melted butter.
CUCUMI.ER SALAD.
Brush over with the yolk of an egg
beaten with a tablespoonful of milk
and brown in the oven. Serve with a
teaspoonful of pens, in a thick cream
sauce. in the center of each piece.
Cicumber Snlad.--With a handy sli
cer remove the outside rind from the
cucumbers cut in thin slices and let
stand in ice water to chill. Wipe dry
and arrange the slices in the salad bowl
In the form of a Greek cross. Make a
French dressing in the proportion of
three tablespoonfuls of cider vinegar
to six tablespoonfuls of oil, half a tea
spoonful of salt and a dash of paprika.
Rub the inside of the salad bowl with
the cut side of an onion before the sal
ad is disposed in it.
Now that tomatbes are coming in
plentifully we can use them for pan
ning, broiling and stuffing. To pan
them cut flrm'ones in half, flour well
and put cut side downward in a pan
In which one tablespoonful of butter
has been heated. Season, cover and
cook slowly until they are tender all
through and browned on the cut side.
Transfer to a hot platter, brown side
up; stir Into the butter In the pan one
tablespoonful of flour; mix and add one
cupful of milk., stirring until smoothly
thickened. Pour this gravy around the
hot tomatoes.
If for broiling, cut the tomatoes into
thiok slices, dry well, season and dip
each slice into melted butter, then into
ine bread crumbs and broil at once
over a clear fire.
All sorts of mixtures may be used for
stuffing tomatoes-chopped meats, boll
ed rice, bread crumbs. The two requi
sites are a high seasoning and moist
ness, the latter result being attained by
adding one or more spoonfuls of melted
butter to the mixture. A sharp oven'
will bake mnd brown them in about
half an hour.
Eggplant is a good breakfast substl
tute for meat. It is cut Into slices, egg
ed and crumbed and fried in smoking
lat fat This gives a less greasy dl~b
ban when it is sauted in a pan. This
regetabe may also he stuffed, first par-.
rling it whole, then halving, cutting.
mt the center from each halt, chopping
his and mixing with an equal amount
rf crumbs, a high seansoning of salt,
cpper, onion juice, a fe.w spoonfuls of
nelted butter, chopped parsley and, it
Iked, chopped ham. The shells are
:hea to be flled and baked.-Table,
Falk,
Angel and Amether White Cake.
Dainty and delightful is angel cake.
Properly made, it is fit for angels; bad
ly made It would give a goat Indiges
ion. The whites of 11 eggs are put
Into a large soup plate with 1% cups of
-eofeetioner's sugar and beaten until
tiff. Care must be taken that none of
bhe yolks are allowed to color the mli
re. One cup of flour is then add&Le.
with a teaspoonful of vanilla seece.
Lastly, a teaapoonful of cream of tar
tar is beaten In with the mixture. The
_ake is put into a square tin, which has
sot been greased or buttered and baked
for 40 minates.
Anether white cake, rather less troo
blesome, is made with halt a cup of
fresh butter beaten to a cream, one
rap of granulated sugar added gradu
illy and beaten well and two euap of
wur into which have beae sifted two
teaspoefulis of baking poder. The
b-tenu whites of four eggs and half a
-up of milk are added lau the cake
baked for 30 mlnutes in apbhllow tie.
Lememade and eed Tea.
L.monade as it is usually made Is too
weak and is not allowed to stand long
enough on the ice. Made with plenty
ef lemons and nearly as many oranges
with carbonic water and some fru t it
I lncomparable.
Iced tea is a gratefur dinner 1ink
nad should be poured warm front tLh
pot upon the Ice in the glass that it is
to be served in. The lemon and ygar
can be added at the discretion of the
IndividuaL Coffee frappe is deligatful
In summer when it is very cold and
served with whipped cream.
T.e Tre.a Rest.
The trunk rest is a device to save the
back of tbe trunk owner, and a great
boon it is to travelers and sojourners
In resorts at the mountains or by the
shore. It supports the trunk at a con
-enaent height to spare one's back
bwhe peeking or unpacking and to
live eeasy access when the trunk is In
daily use; also It makes it possible to
sweep under the 1rank.
Ottt heb els i'tom ae er sIz ears
e eorms. hreak as s hl It. d adm it
alS apper N aslt the tels. Drep
a bu a - i Inr I pseao
hot eg ae asasI
Schedule
of Trains.
No. S. No. I. No. !. No. 4.
Daly. Daly. STATIONS. Daily. Daly
11 34 Lv ........... CHICAGO. Ar. ............. 6 55 AM
30 ... Danville .2 30 AM
23PM Ar THEBES ... Lv. 3 45PM
8 00 AM 8 37T L. L ......T. LOUIS. . Ar. 7 00 1 - 1
1 PM 11 50 PM Biama.c.......... 4 " 4 10
3 3 ........... Delta .............. 12 15 A 1 1i5 A*
, . 5 .08 .. Dexter......... 1050 950"
PM 5 50AM Ar MALDEN Lv. 1010 PM 910 31
- 5 PM Lv . . CAIRO Ar . 12 25 M
Ar New Maldrid Lv. 910 AM
4Lv New Madrid Ar. 10 50 "
SA45 ,I Ar . ..MALDEN .....Lv 910 A
p 6.-5--Ar CAMPBELL .Lv.' PM 835.1
, 6 33 ." Piggott ...... ... 2 " 8 12 "
" 658 " " Rector ........ " 750
4 7 40 " Paragould ......... 10 " 7 12 "
" 825 AM " ........Jonesboro .........2... 625 "
P M Lv Weiner .. Ar. 23 A
$ 3 PM 8 45 *1; Lv .... _MEMPHIR.............Ar.l PM 630*A
1 " 11 15 AM " Fair Oak ............. " 4 10 "
S4 P 1208 PM " ......... Brinkley ............ " 3 15 "
1225 * 1234 " Ar .Clarendon............ Lv. 2 45 "
105" 119" Stuttgart .........." "" 200 "
2 00 " 07" Althemer......... " " 1 12 "
2 40 " 00 .....Pine Bluff...... ... ' 12 30 W
3 26 " 4 .... ...... Rison "............. 12 " 11 PM
3 46 " " . ingsland .... " 12 01PM 111 "
4 01 " 426" " - ......... Fordyce .......... 11 40 M 1
5 09 " " ... Camden ............ 10 35 "
6 23" 471 " . ........ McNeil ...... 920 "
7 03 " .. .. .... ..... Stamps ............. 845"
714 1 8 PI Ar... Lewville ...... Lv. 832*1
1130 .. Shreveport . Lv... 446 P
4"45 P3 Lv . ..Shreveport...... Ar. 11 30 *
40*1 350 PM Ar . Texarkana .........Lv. 720*1 630 PM
PM 242 ... . Greenville........... " 115 AM 1210 PM
... herman ........... " . 10 15 An
S 5 45 " ..... Dallas ............ 10 PM 940"
" 625" " FortWorth........... " 955PM 850 *1
S 235 " " .........Tyler................ 1 " 1 15 PM
" 530" ... Corsicana ............. PM 903 *
PM 75 AM Ar WACO... Lv. M 650 A
THE, SERVICE.
Trd. Nos. I and 2.--(hair Car between Pair Oaks and St. Louis; Pullman
Sleeper between Waco and St. Louis; Chair Car between Waco and
Memphis and between Fort Worth and Memphis and between Texarkans
and Dallas; Parlor Cafe Car between Texarkana and Memphis; Pullmas
Bleepere between Texarkans and Dallas and Port Worth.
lTr'us NNa. 3S ad 4.-Through ChalrCar between Port Worth and Chicago;
Chair Car between Dallas and Memphis; Pullman Bleeper between Texarkana
and Memphis; ParlorCato Carbetweea Texarkana and Waco.
. , P.S P Tm , v . .L .. LIWAJIME. L P. I T.A.,
W v. ~ST. LOUIS, MO.
fIR Of SUItSUM f
L ..
ARE YOU GOING
ARTHUR |ORTH, EAST SOUTH. WEST
_ ýVTE, IFR SO, T.AKE THE
Kansas City, Southern Ry.
Direct Route to all Foists.
Solid Vestibule Trains.
Free cbslr oars and sud Pullman Buff Sleeplnlg C('ar.
C.e* conaneCltion at Ltke Chartl. , Beaomont. rezrkas,,, P ºtesa
and Kiosas City with all roads. For lull partlculare r-gardiug
rsea ele, apply to
U E. RWINDEL , 8.G. WARNEI
UP & T A'r 'e & S Rv, Gen -'a ARgt
Texarkaua. Texa Knusata City.
A B AVEttY, T,cketr.,Agent Shbr6vporL l I
-II
ARCH RO.K REMOVED.
TirMty Tees ef !ttrllgye.rls Used ft.os
Destraetlou.
San Francisco, Au. 16.--Arch rock,
use of the greatest obstructions to safe
mavigation in San Francisco bay, has
been destroyed, over 30 tons' of nitro*
glycerin being employed to remove the
the rook which lay about midway be
tween Alcatraz island and Lime Point.
The rock was several acres in extent and
all but its summit was under water.
The explosion was qt off by electricity
and so great was the concussion that
rock and debris were scattered over a
great area and a column of water and
stone 1000 feet in height arose from the
bay. The force of the explosion was
terrific and could be felt all over the
city. Large quantities of fish were de
stroyed.
Temporary l Jenei..un urmnea.
Washington, Aug. i&.-The local land
Dwfoe at El Reno, O. T., has telegraphed
to the intrrior department that a tem
porary in.junction has been granted by
the probate judge there in the absence
of the district judge, in the suit of Re
becca Y mug and other alleged Indians
against the disposal of some of the new.
Ly opened lands. Some of these lends
are involved in the suits recently ins&
sated here by Indians.
To Seag for aammilt.
Charlotte, N. O., Aug. 16.-The an
gro, Mosre, who Wednesday confessed
to assaulting a white woman, was Thur.
day tried and sentenced to be hanged
sps. 1$. The jry was t less than
thie asaIa A m py of local
rlati wars sedums aut o ines the
pbii.. i. t .4.khhi4
Aeplwe R, ..lumpeny enrm.e.
Austin, Aug. 16. -The charter of the
Central Asphalt andt Refning comrany
)f Beaumont with a capital stock of $2,
)00,000 was D.ed in the secretary of
state's office. The purpose of the cor
poratio:n is to soeier, crn ie nil into as
phaltum anl other by pr.dluct by the
refining oroce.s The refinery will be
locered at Beaumont. I he incorpora
-rs are Charles A Towile of Duluth,
'dinn.; Martin Howarl, Frederick *.
ýhorr, George F. Culner, James A.
Ful.enwider, all of Chicago, lk.;
s.ephen M. Scotr of BRau:nont; Harvey
r Nlo-nki.na of Buffalo. N. V
;It ia Finished
Therreat Cioudorett Lodge has bees
aempleted, fm rmally opened and is now in
full away. It io a splendid hostelry,
splendidly furalshed: sad eaterlnr ineom.
rarabte euislne, under the management of
MrJ W Fisher. preorietor oe the famous
Betel Sheldon, of Pasoe. Tax.
You want an enjovable summet. You
wan' to get away from the oppristvenets
t tho aty sad the low altitudes. t ge to
Uoudeetot. l. M. 9000 leet elevation On
the aummit of the lofttest peak of the 8ac
r-meato monatalas 110 miles aortheast to
tl Pe*o, Wonderful tesery, tenels court
and go t linke sad dancing pavilion. 1j
feet everythine desired or expected In a
!ip to date, healthful summer resort.
Ckicdoelt is knOew as thO "breathaln
spot of the Southwest."
There t but see way to go eorbuttable
ahd quoiely. But eae way to avoid morl
Ina one ehasge N earts; but ono way to
njoy reelining haltair ur, seats tee. and
Ialepl ear all the way threagh dally to
Bi1p . That way _ via the Texas A
Pseee railway.
Mere toasemahoe by letter, or :deserlp
i the terature. may be had oi sav tletet
aseer . P. ToSsU,
CHAR TER d
The Atlanta aud Shreveport d
Oil and Gas Cumpany,
Limited.
State of Louisiana, Parish .f Caddut
Be it known that this day blefore
me, Allen Rendall, a nt::rv public in
anIl for Caddo Parish. Loui .ana. duly
commissioned, qualified and sw orrn
came and appeared the ýcveral persons
wuose names are hltrenllto subcribed,
who declare, that availing thetms,:!\cs
of the provisions of Ac: No. 36 of 188X,
of the General Assembly of the State
of Louisiana, at, well as those of the
General Laws of said state relative to
the organization of zorporations, they
have formed themselves, their associ
ates and successors into a corporation f
for the objects and purposes and iunder
the agreements and stipulations here
inafter set forth, which thl:v serebh
adopt as their charter.
ARTICLE I.
The name of this corpordtion shJi I
be " THE ATLANTA AND
HREVEPORT il. AND GAS
COMPANY, LIMITED" and by that
name it shall have the power and au- ti
thority to enjoy succession for fifty p
years, to contract, sue and he sued and 1,
use a corporate seal; to holc, purchase,
ease, sell and hypothecate property j
real and personal; and to name man
agers, directors and agents as the in
terest of the corporation ma'- require,
and to make soch by-laws, and rtnles
for the proper management of the af
fairs of the corporation as may be Ii
necessary.
ARTICLE II.
The domicile of this corporation
shall be in the City of Shreveport,
Louisiana, and all citations and other
legal process shall be served on the
president, or in his absence at the office
of the Company according to law.
ARTICLE III.
The object for which this corpora
tion is e-ganized is to develop Oil, Gas
or Minerals on any of its property in
said parish or in the State of Louisiana
and to do all things incidental to or
appertaining to such business
ARTICLE IV.
The capital stock of this corporation
hereby authorized to be One Hun
dred and Twenty Thousand ($12o,ooo.
co) Dollars, divided into Tweive Hun
dred shares, at one hundred dollars per
share, the said stock to be paid for in
full when subscribed in money or min
eral lax ds and said corporation is au
thorized to commence business when
Twelve Thousand Dollars (or Izo
shares) are subscribed for and paid up.
ARTICLE V.
The corporate powers of this cor
poration shall be vested in a board of
directors composed of f re stock
holders who shall be electe I annually
on the first Monday in May.
The first board of directors is de
clared to be F. M. Greene. W. H. Wad
kins. R. S. Allday, J. B. Roberts. S. A.
.Vadkins, who shall serve until their
successors are chosen. The officers of
this corporation shall be a president,
vict3president, tre isurer and secretary,
and the first of said officers are declar
ed to be L. F. Allday, President; R. P.
Dunklin, Vice-President; M. M.
Pruitt, Treasurer and ............
Secretary, and they shall serve until
their successors are chosen and said
officers shall be elected annually on
said first Monday in May. A majority
of the stock present shall elect the di
rectors. and in all elections or proceed
ings of stockholders each share of
stock present or represented by written
proxy. shall be entitled to one vote.
I. tice of all elections or meetings of
,.ockholders shall be advertised ten
days in a daily Shreveport paper: di
rectors to be chosen at office of the
company under supervision of three
ccmmissioners appointed by the di
rectors from the stockholders.
ARTICLE VI
Failure to held an election for di
rectors on day t'med shall not dissolve
the corporation, but the incumbent di
rectors shall hold over until their suc
cessors are duly qualified and elected.
Any vacancy in the board shall be fill
ed by the rem.ining directors. The
,s rd of L);:c tors shall have power to
contract debts, borrow money, appoint
s general manager and do all things
c.cessary to carry out the objects and
trpcses of this corporation.
ARTICLE VI!.
No sale of stock shall be binding or
valid on this corporation until same
has been transferred on the books of
the corporation, which have the prefer
ence in purchasing all shares offered
for sale. No stockholder shad! be lia
ble on any obligation of this corpora
tion, in any further sum than the
an:t.r.t of cr paid balanice on his stock.
On failure of a stockholder to pay
fir stock subscribed. it shall be op
io;::.l .';'h the Ecard 'f D;rectors e
ther to declare 'he delinquent shares
forfeited to the" corporation or to sue
the subscriber for the price due
thereon.
ARTICLE VIIIT.
This ccrporation ". authorized to in
erease its capital stock to Two Hun
dred and Forty Thousar d Dollar: b
a two-thirds vote of all the stoc'kh ,l
ers at a meeting held according to la'w.
Such original stockholders shall have
the right to particinate in said increas
ed issue of stock in proportion to hold
ings of original stockholders, and in
default thereof the other stockholders
shall first have a right to ourchase said
stock before it is offered to third per
sons.
ARTICLE IX.
This charter may be changed, amen
ded or dissolved in any way (except
to increase or diminish its capital stock,
which shall be done by vote of two
thirds of stock present) with the as
sent of three-fourths of the stock rep
resented at a general meeting of the
stockholders convened for this pur
pose after thitty days previous notice
published in a daily Shreveport paper.
.Whenever this corporation is dissolved
by limitation or otherwise its affairs
shall be liquidated b- three commis
sioners elected at a stockholders meet
ing, who shall have full power to wind
up its affairs, settle its indebtedness
and distribute the proceeds among the
tockhodr
Done aid pasved at my office in Cad
do Parish. Lo-uiiiana, in the presence
of R. K C,.lqutt and \V. 1T. Colquitt,i
competent nvitwne's-, . on this 27th day
'f June. Anno DI,:ui: o Nineteen hun
dred and one (1,ot.)
\LLEN RENDAIJ,
Notary Public. Caddo Parish, La.
Attest:
R. K. COLQCITT.
WV. T. COLtUI I'T.
L. F. ALLDAY,
R. S. .\1Il)AY,
by L F A'ldaW.
R. P. DI)'NKIN.
\V I. '. \VDK[NS
by M. M P"
ý,. A. W\ADKIN..
by M. *l Prtt.
F. M. (;RE F .
by M. \ P i .
j. B ROIRER "S,
M. M. PRCI IT,
IE. A. ALLDA '
by L. F AlIay.
Having exarrined the above charter
and finding n thing therein contrary to
law. I approve the same this 271t day
of June. 1o01. JO()N R. LAND.
District Attorney First Judicial Dis
trict of ILnitiana.
(Endorsed.)
"Filed and rcc rdeed the 27th d iv ef
Tune. 9got. T. H. LEVY.
Deputy Clerk and Ex-Otficio Reco*der.
State of Loui-i. a. I'ari-h of Cadl-...
-1 hereby certify that the above and
foregoing is a troe and crrect co;- of
the original act, as the ame no- i ,
pears on file and of rec rd in my of
fice.
Given under my ha.id and scdl of of
fice, this 28th day of June. ootl.
F. A L.EONARD,
Clerk and Ex-Officio Recorder.
AN ORDINANCE.
Section I. Be it ordained by the po
lice jury of the parish of Caddo, that
said parish be and is hereby formed
into a road ditrict. in comnpliance with
Article 291 of th- Constitution of 1898.
Sec. 2. Be i: further ordained, et
that in order to raise funds for th
purpose of constructing, maintaining
and repairing the public roads of said
parish, that one nmill per annum of the
taxes levied by said police jury of Cad
do parish for the year 19or, and for
each succeeding year, is hereby set
aside and levied on all taxable prop
erty assessed upon the Lax roll of said
Darish for said year and each succeed
ing year.
Sec. 3. Be it further crdained, etc.,
that for the same purpose there is
hereby imposed a per capita tax of one
dollar per annum upon each able-bod
ied male inhabitant of said parish be
tween the ages of i8 and 55 years; pro
vided, that the provisions of this sec
tion shall not be operative in incorpo
rated towns :'nd cities in said parish
that maintain their own streets.
Sec. *. Be it ordained, etc., that any
person subject to a per capita tax who
shall fail or retuse to pay the same on
or before the Ist day of January of
each year shall be guilty of a misde
meanor, an,( shall be subject to indict
ment by tit grand jury ci said parish,
or prosecution by the district attorney
o. said parish, or to prosecution b-- te
district attorney of said parish by'bi
of indictment, to be prosecuted before
the district court of said parish, and
upon conviction shall be fined in a sum
of not less than $2.50 nor more than
$5.no and all costs of the prosecution:
and in defa"lt of the nayment of said
fine and all costs he shall be sentenced
to work upon the public roa.s of said
parish undr provisions of this ordi
nance two days for every dollar of
fines and costs.
Sec. 5. Be it further ordained, etc..
that there is hereby imosed and levied
an annual license tax upon the owner
of each vehicle, including bicycles,
t'ept and used for locomotion over the
public roads of said parish in said par
ish. as follows:
Bicycles ...................$ 50
Carriage, surrey or drag ...... I 50.
ug v ...... ...... ......... I
One-horse wagon ............... 25
Two-horse wagon ..... ....... So
Four-horse wagon ............. 75
Six-horse wagon .............. I
Log wagon ...... ...... ...... 2 0
Any other vehicle not herein named
$t.oo, provided said annual license tax
shall not he ini,o'.ed upon any vehicle
upon which a state, parish or city li
cense tax is now levied under existing
laws.
Sec. 6. Be it further ordained. etc.,
that if the owner of any vehicle or
bicycle in said parish shall fail or re
fuse to pay said annual vehicle or bicy
cle tax on or before the tst day of Jan
arv of aech year, he shall be deemed.,
a delinquent, and the sheriff and tt
collector of said parish is hereby su
thorized to proceed before any court of
competent jurisdiction to sue for and
collect the same with all costs asd te
per cent on amount due as at* rney's
fees, as in ordinary suits. S
Sec. 7. Be it further ordair ed, etc..
that there shall he a committ * known
as "The Gud Roads Commi dee." and
to consist of three members o; the jury
ot said parish. to be select<dº by said
jury. whose duty it shall be teo select a
superinte;,lent of public roads or
parish, if necessary, and to fix Ise
'ensatin: to receive and take
of the road fund and to diýh
same to purchase neces.arr
wacons. scrapers, tents, road rmac
and other road implements. etc.. to em
pa.y foremen and laborers tor each
camp outfit: and said committee shall
have full power to dirmct what roads
shall be worked, wher and o. whom;
and monthly reports shall he made in
full by said committee t. said p ce
Jury.
Sec. g. Be it fu:rther ordained. etc..
that said committee shall have full
charge of the workine and maintena
of all convi,-s sentenced by the d
judge of said parish and by th
judge of the .;tv of Shreýeno",- to
upon the pubhlie roads of said pa
P. P. KEITH. Presi
A. L DURINGER. Clerk.
fev~vooper nmom (V r
COOPER _RO,0
MISSOURI LIVERY 3ALE
AND FEED STAPLER
&ds Stoox Lots
CO·WWr'' Loltiaas n.d Te.iu Stre0l
SbaLvO'rt, La TlUalctlc. b