awl
e FIVE MINUTE TALKS.
Summer Rest Versus Coolness.
Chautauqua Season Drawing
I ;N ear-Notes and Personals
"Oh, for a lodge in some 'Tatt wilder
ness," where cooling breeses from wheat
hields and alfalfa meadows could reach us.
As it is every vagrant breeze that blows le
a scorcher. Peop:e sit panting on the
south porches, it they are lucky enough to
have them, or on the lawns, if lucky
enough to have them, and, talk about tb
weather; the waather. The one delightful
and always coci place in the envifons o,
the city is beautiful Princess part. The
band concerts play there nearly every
evening attract hundreds that therwise
would have no place of resort.
More parke, more breathing places fr
our people are needed.
Tbs city's byways are congested with
buildines o' one kiad 'or another. People
need to get away trom chimneys and w ills
that radiate beat. Won t some of the
philanthropic women of the town set
another park movemrnt.on foot ?
il . Summer Theatre
We need a summer theater, some;:;plsee
of light entertainment.:
An old magazine tells us of the charms
of Nib!o's Garden. "That familiar resort
of older New York was at the corner of
Broadway and Prince stresee, the site of
the present Me:ropolitan Hotel. It was a
kind of Vauxhall garden, and the reader
oi Miss Bur.ev's stories sad of other last
century English novels, feels entirely;at
home in the London gardens of that time,
if be know NIblo', on a summer evening
lung age. There was a broad hard gray
liled walk. bordered with little arbors or
wooden booths, with a dusky illumination
.I colored; glaesslamps-dim and damp
ittle arbors. * * * There were pots of
dewers and tubs of lemon sald range
trees, with other "sombre boscage,;" sad
the whole place bad the air of a simple,
primitive Coekaey pleasure resort, and the
Ilblo generation took there a very honest
and inexpensive enjoyment, to which
esmetimes, perqaps, the oeeeitr of an
pers orehestra chair at four dollars, and
. lfull evening dress, somewhat ruefully
r.ears.
There was a bummer theatre-open on
aes side to the gardens-la which, light
uad gay plays, ox vaudevilles, as they were
sailed, were performed. Father and
mother and the chi drea strolled out In the
se.elag, sad by paying a modest sum,
-my thb evealag at this popular and
sat slloiablk resort.
Death of MNrs ary 3 Lead.
MIs Mary n Land, wteo;;*f the late du
tagualihed Jarist, Thea T Laid. departe
tIe hisl Thursday evenilg at 6 o'eoletk
8hem bs of her eoo, J dlge A L Lead.
-Mre Lead was a woman of streag tat
--etasity, rest heart qualitles sal dni
dide oea a all quego eas. Befors t1
atlraltlo o age had hampered her f.a
Ure ehe was a seastaat reader, sad h.
samlytletl erntolatms e beOke, her witt
sau sad ooameatl were mest arestin
sad well wer. h emaderiug.
"h believed It heLmo.eltur sad seeuu
a uad d eaed Ittle l r the aetlvllLs the
-Iabsyr ad. It was her red that to taml
the oalagaoem o the hems well a w-e-a'
sot alhuwght, energy ad tim eo ahetid
to to n.
I ad hmestead nar the . ey we
easy jesse the seE et eI eita
a; ater rm whlah radiatd th
aees eat happluaem a a large is
aulty. here were at esly th
gathelag Sf ehMlbes ead gread
but hequest sad beattlul heap
M trleads, sad as mater how maea
hIe ssembled adeI the rest but thaer
wr toermlre-the *pm deor sad thi
apes belag always extedtet.
the death aw ,be husbad igh
yas. age ar Leaed eestd luve thi
aIdee , eat has resled parmaaeaU]
ee with her sea. Judge Lead, whes
e eetar ame set theug ehe was. Het
ulgtenu all resdlalg away.from Shreve
par- easid neve laduee her to break th
thred a etrong sel atteashasage sac
a her heme with them. In her soa,e
h-em, with ehldrea sea greadehulrid
a meavt deer fteads to vist her sa
*e-r hr deollaa years, she was esateal
Sbide her time.
The uafortunate fall, trom wkhoh ta
sver rallied, eueed the deept coneer ,
ad at es her two daugheers, mra Leo
eastrmaktet Bats Routge, Mra G.oe4
Wses eat Mrs Jas Eolitagwrsrht o
e-abeppl, aid her a*s, r Che Lead e9
irksase, were s mesed sad ease iu
r balde, wheae they reamlis.d antal
ieat ag heart o the geed, true mesher
eatUled tlrever.
Mn Lead was bker la Milslselppi I
UI, sna was thretere Is her ightiutw
te wes elaested at e.ergetwa, ee
a her esghiseeth year. 8sptemberu,11M
he was marred s The T Iang, a bril
lat youag lawyer, who bessenue s ol
eeate Oaemleat lasyae iB ar 8ae-.
reir leag sad sappy uala glIded beyead
S:pedea enaversar pelaed, but thei
brlses thlags did et leses util he
i .eig, heserde es the hoate was
be e s Leay; thee, it seemsed that the
eed eampaese r ars thea sty yeas
e. weary t ills, saN her arsp wer
wd ls Imply wain. g.
lte wreek was, latded, ea4e. She
d eered a larse ead setal famly.
raedes sles baing bers to the,
evatn whem earvive.
!e who knew Era Lead baM, laee
a honeed her best.
SMWwe a hems uaser Ia the truest
t; a we sad a mather, wh regarded
h am a' a Hmliy as the mat Mar
er wed thoe whe loe her e rn t
ber aemo.
]fun Wednesdy aternuoon Mess Juanita
Selxas and Mr B P Wells were married at
the residence of the bride in this city by
Rev W 8 Penick, in the presence of a
gatherinr of relatives and friends.
The bride is a charming and an secom
plished yonog lady, and toe groom is a
pnerv'ar and prominent attorney of this
e " - `Ve felicitate Mr and Mrs H IF
Wr.i.. Jr., and join their friends in hearty
cot gratulations.
Un ' riday at noon Mrs Nancy Gilleepie
died at the residence "t her daughter, Mrs
i L Helpman. aged 78 ears. 'The deceased
was also the mother of (eo M and J H
Gillespie, A long and useful life devoted
to good works and good deeds is at an end.
She has been calleJ to her God.
5s
After a lingering illness" Mrs Clara
Fory, wife of Will H Fory, died at her
home near Dallas Thursday. The de
ceased resided in Shreveport for years.
She was a devoted, good, true wife and a
kind neighbor and friend. Mrs Fory was
born and reared in Davenport, Iowa
Heaven is her reward.
a'**
PERSONAL
Mr and Mrs (ee Wileon of Lexington,
Miss., and Mrs Jas Holliingswrth of
Kosciusko, Miss.. who were called to
Shreveport by the serious illness of their
mo'her, returned to their homes yesterday
Mrs Leon Jastremlki of Baton Rcuge,
is toe guest of her brother, Judge A 1D
Lind.
Miss Minnie SIcgh of Mansfield and Miss
Hannaford of Texas, were in Shreveport
Saturday. Miss Sligh, who is an accom
pushed pianist, will have charge of the
music at Chautauqua.
Despite the molting weather, tih' i ht
school is well attended, and Prof D, is
indefatigable. Prof Dale was oa.al.eJ by
Miss Howell last week.
Some very entertaining programmes
have been rendered at the High Echool
auditorium the put week. Owing to the
intense heat the audiences have been
small, which is much to be regretted, as it
seems scmewbhat unappreoitive on the
par. of the cultured people,ot Ithe city.
However the weather is hot, and no
mistAke.
Mrs T S Serpell, of Arcadia, who came to
Shreveport to be with her gracdmotber
Mrs Land, in her illness, returned home
yesterday.
We segret to knew that Mrs Jai B
A swell of Ruston, who is in the city. is
quite sick.
Mr Cher'es Lard of Arkansas is the
guest o his brother, John R Land.
Miss Pawnee Butler, who has had a very
interesting and remunerative musio class
at Bobeline, is takinag her vacation in
Shreveport.
Chautaqua opens July slt. Miss Howell,
who for several seasons has chaperomed a
parey of girls to Chautauqua, will do so
again this season. So get your white sun
bonnets and big straw hats ready girls,
'save your Seery at home and get ready to
have a good time at Chautauqua.
Cutt by 3 v Emd . ..lvo
Onthrie, O. T., June 22.-Near La
mont the 15-year-old daughter of August
Fallots, who was riding the lead horse
of a binder team, was thrown in front
of the knives by the team running
away. She hung to the reins for along
time, but they finally broke and she fell
into the knives, being torn and lacerated
in a terrible manner. She is alive, but
will likely die.
Cra.ed by Pta.
Memphis, June 2.-Miss Clara Sav
age, aged 23, committed suicide here by
putting a ballet into her brain. The
young woman had been an invalid for
six years, and at times suffered keenly
from neuralgia. It is thought she was
crased from pain when she killed her.
self. The reyolver used was the prop.
erty of her brother.
Sloewly Slakhig.
At!aita, June 22.-Dr. F. H. Kerfoot
eorresponding secretary of the Baptist
Home Mission board is reported by his
physician to be slowly sinking. He lost
ground during the day and is unoon
scions.
.our Moe. Klled.
Kalama, Wash., June 39.-An explo
sion of dynamite occurred here in the
mine of the Washington and Oregon
railroad in which four men were killed.
Coa.tIms to Improve.
Washington, June 22.--Dr. Rixey
said after a visit to Mrs. McKinley that
his patient continued to improve.
Crope In the Territory.
Denison. Tex., June 22.--T. J. Wil.
kins, a prosperous farmer in the Indian
Territory, opposite Henderson ferry,
was in the lcty trading. Mr. Wilkins
says that he has had cotton blooms for
several days, and that the field is now
pretty well covered with blooms. He
thinks the outlook at present is exceed.
ingly good for a good cotton crop.
Ceam.etod by Trolley.
Oakland, L T., June 22.-Henry M.
Tinker, in charge of the corps of town.
site surveyors, arrived here the first of
the week and commenoed to lay out and
pla. the town of Oakland, which is lN
miles west of Madil the new town on
extension of the Frisco from Sapulpa to
Denison. It is stated on good authority
that the two towns will be connected
by a street car line in a short time.
The LMrget meteor.
Tucson, A. T. Jane 22.-The largest
meteor ever seen in this part of the
-ountry fell between the Puebloe of
Los Molinas and Altar, in Sonora, Mex.,
on June 11, at 10 o'clock in the morn.
Ing. Although the sun was high the
meteor illuminated the sky and seemed
to have burst at the horison. El Pro
,iso, a Spanish paper, received in
Tucson, contains an article describing
the shock at Altar aad the terror of the
people when the meteor belL The peo
ple thought the shock was an earth.
quake. An exploring party will searoh
cr the place where the meteor fell.
SlYL. IivN HIRT WAISTS.
Now the Important Factor In Femi
nine Attire-Linen Dresses.
[Sp, u( al (' rrespcr.ience.]
NEW Y, ,u. .June 17. - Nothing is
more, Impo:rtant just n, w than the shirt
i. h, il li,. :il I It; ls and buckles,
for it-y i:.l Ie ,iore in evidence than
anythin ;l Ii l for seveiral Iim ,ntlis. Yes
terday I saaw so many di!T-erent kinids
of waisti, and1 of new ties and fancy
(ol!ats Il:hat iy eye-,s arf still dazzled.
Som!e of theia are in quiet colors, of
cour.e, hilt iitre are o hers relily daz
zling in hel decided strlipces antil ohecks.
Bl:ack andl w hite are so fashionable
that tihe c ll;inoali,,n is f unlnd in almost
evtarythi nlt but . lchen it co.ell s inl direct
IL.': and white stril 's and ch,,-ks it
Is v.ry trying, to Ithe vis. S 1ill it is
s:; .:. lThre are tics \n here the neck
pi..,-e is t hit' anid tl" ndIs are l t iadil
of .. checik or stripe. eat they are
re-ally pretty iand more d, y sv thi one
would it:ulgine. The're ;Ire -.w e white
sticks of title hatiste. anlid thewse have a
placei arralnged in front to hold a piece
of celluloiid. and iabove is a collar di
vided in tlhe middle :land made of lace or
very fine enilroilery. To the stock
are fastened two lo:. endtis made of
batiste, and these are Ito 1(e br'ollght
arotnld f-oni the back nid t:,.d in front.
Sotne hav:e colored silk ends, with the
white linen or pique stock. One style
is called the tpiotneer and another the
Sorosis. In fact. there are so many of
the white and colored ties and stocks
that I catnnot give tlhem space in a
week-that is, to lescribe tlIhn indl
viduatly --but the bast one is that whecre
the stock itself is of pique and the ti's
of thin goods, with fancy emnlbroidered
ends.
Some have pale pink or blue ends in
linen lawn, while the stock Is of pique.
At the very ends of these there Is often
a fancy motif of butter colored lace set
on. Tie ends are made of Irish point,
and where this is the case the ties are
of thin stuff, so that the lace shows up
well. Some are made entirely black,
and others have narrow black velvet
ribbon run in the lace or embroidery.
Shirt waists cannot show much that
Is startlingly new, but they are all bet
ter in shape than they have been, and
there Is less of that senseless bagging
In front. There is but a little fullness
right In the front of the blouse, and
that is not pouched out much. I saw
one decided novelty yesterday, and
that was made of chine silk In the old
dainty shades and patterns like the
scrape that have come down to us for
generations. This silk was in a rather
large though vague design of Iris, and
the left side of the front lapped to the
right in a decided surplice style. The
-C,
H&NDBOME LINEN DR.lS.
whole of the waist was tucked closely.
ind this gave still further delicacy and
)eauty to the silk, and the tucks were
nade in the silk, so that when it was
gut it drew around the fronts with all
be grace of drapery. It was arranged
a as to have a dip In front, and the
self belt was laid in narrow folds. The
lack was smooth and not tucked. The
leeves were plain bishop shape.
The linen dresses grow in favor.
steadily, and some of the prettiest of
be summer gowns are made of linen.
Mhere are several shades of this, from
rtraw color to green, but all shades are
lull and not decided. One really hand
ome dress of this kind is illustrated
mere, and this is trimmed by bias strips
f red chambray headed by a row of
vhite linen, and this studded with tiny
earl buttons, just such as are put on
nen's shirts. The ikirt is cut to fit the
tips and flares at the bottom and has
he trimming mentioned at the bottom.
bhe belt is of stout canvas, covered
rith the red, and this dotted with the
Iny buttons. The waist has three dl
gonal plaits, and each side of these is
box fold and above these a sailor
ollar treated in the same way. The
kirt is slashed at the seams, and fans
re (-; , . The undersleeves are set
Pith buttons of a larger size. This
ress, made of plain linen without lace
r other expensive trimming, costs
100. It is in the work and many but
ns, I suppose, but there are plenty of
eople who would be willing to pay the
rice. I should say that the whole
re.s s lined with red silk.
.. .. . OL3Vi'T~VE-ifd
rit. a AI), I Mt. QulrrrUE.
Low Halrdre.,ing and the Con.e
quent Abandoned Collar.
The low i'ffilre has' become an ac
C',nlllIshl f:l'!.t with the ParisiCnne,
although it is ditlieulit to realize that
she has ailn ,,: ne the knot gathered
hi:h ozn t , 1." :,d. wvhil i- so (chilt and
so wetll beomies the majority of wom
anlinl.
But so it iý:. For day wear she adopt
d Inihil e'lnrse, the hair mostly gath
.rid into a , t of sh All tcurls :ltd
ipoufs. ih o." clo4se to the black
of the Ii . ; i1 in the eveningi , at
theater a:,-l r,: urant. the hair lies in
a heavy ,I r lt,op on the nape of the
neck.
IThis. of , . nimcns the nbandon
tllent of l!, , ,il:ar, nt all the sulllLer
tll' 'ss. , t\. ih . of course, the tailor
co'(tl inl. :ar' Ieiig madte with ino col
lar :it a:!l - pt a transplarentt piece
of I:la. th, : ,, t o f the llhne isette bh iig
ntri, ui) , , to the throat with a
thr,:il.gt otf riliton. Siuch a mode is
e!'In tillli I., t-turiiiing to the French
wnoi:tin. who is usually irnclined to be
Iliah s1.oublered and short necked, but
how will it fare with the American,
with her 4lotuer and more swanlike
thronat II(-.-\ver, the tint seetms to
be that the ha:ir is to be dressed low
antd the (tcoltr mulst go.
I1n pretty ptrintedl muslins and gauzes
Marie Antoilnette styles find latest fat
vor. and with them go those flit Ipla
teu hat s .v:. :,thed with flowers, with
shtphl)erdess Its ws falling on to the hair
behind. ''lTe newest idea is to border
a.,
NEW RATS FOR TE NEW COm7tR.
the extreme edge of the brim with a
fringe of flowers, a notable example
being a flat blue straw, wide brimmed
and bent down back and front, with a
fringe of the "wee modest crimson
tipped" daisy round the edge, a small
wreath of the same round the slight
elevation, which does duty as crown on
these plateaus, and a bow of black rib
bon, with long ends falling behind.
The three cornered directoire shape al.
so prevails, with no trimming save a
large chou in the center of the front
and an enormous ostrich plume falling
over one side.
Gathered chiffon forms the founda
tion of many toques which are in the
tricorne shape, rather small, and dra
peries of lace compose others.
In the more practical hats come those
of the clever "shirt waist" and "tailor
ed" varieties, the smart "runabouts"
and "short back" sailors.
The S.mmer Curtalms.
The use of lace curtains in summer
seems to be a question of locality, re
marks The Household. In large cities
curtains are usually taken down in
May and are not put up again until Oc
tober. Scorching sunlight is very inju
rious to fine lace. With the general
use of screens curtains at the windows
are not a summer necessity, and many
object to the' on the ground that they
obstruct the free passage of air. This
Is more especially the case In cities,
where fresh air is at a premium. There
are cool suburban places where one
may indulge one's fancy for window
draperies. Curtains of muslin or some
of the newer sorts of dainty scrim,
known by a number of names, answer
the decorative puroose of lace and at
the same time look more harmonious
with simple summer arrangements.
Just How to Do It.
The best way to chop an onion when
you want a very little is to simply peel
it down. take off a slice, cut It across
one way. then the other way, and it
comes orf in little squares. In this way
the onion is chopped without soiling a
board or chopper, says Good House
keeping.
Fashie's. Ebehes.
Demidecolletage and elbow sleeves
are the smart things for day gowns.
There is no doubt that low styles of
coiffure are to be fashionable.
Some of the prettiest sleeves show
the undersleeve effect only at the el
bows, where the sleeve is slashed and
filled in with a lace or mousseline puff.
Traveling dust coats of black taffeta
have a place in the fashionable sum
mer outfit. The prettiest are tucked
nearly all over.
The empire style is particularly at
tractive In lingerie.
The new millinery would seem to be
perfectly fiat and round, keeping its
place on the head by bandeaux.
Belts and sashes of ribbon will play
an all important part this season.
No garment surpasses the tasteful
ihirt waist.
Fancy boas are one of the season's
fads and show great variety.
The trim little pique stock solves the
puzzling question of neckwear for the
shirt waist in a most happy way. The
stock part is made of rather heavy
white pique, and the small ties match
or harmonize with the waist.
Faint. delicate perfumes are prefer
re this~year.
A FOLDING SCRAP BASKET.
An Inrgenloun Contrivance For Home
or the Traveler.
A.mlo-t ong llvienles hi iiic the s]um
fl"Or sojolurner is lil, lvy o ii ld r onspietn
Oti by I its a).seTel(e is a s..lr:p bask't.
'rotl' .bl]y mlilre phi an Cllrt .f ull' reatl
(er L "has -: 'iillc ed lthr uIlitter inlp.iossi
hility of pI .lsc ig a silr'p s1 1 , t in an
iverage tirunk. or, indi(d. , the tipaking
oif it in antvy ivy so tL 1 t it Will o.t the
(uite' (oit iof' sitlh e nntlni' it l'arives at
its idel tittioln. Th'si e j oliii, ( will un
Shotlly sitnl y disi_ nc1 lI fr t ie
ltIr. d alldt ( ,nc' il,. y II ti'he I i 41 l l 'r.
It is 1quite ot it' of Ith . lqt.n ficor a
blactk and wll ile illu tra tion to pro snit
ill 1 r'11( l i na lnle r t hi e .l it l . tI' " s -, ' , I i : o f
this littlh, rli e.h., i hi h 1 ':!n III nmad, to
corresponld Witl the d' s('r triltrlinlis,
or, if it is ittetindid to reni ini ltng in
one (roo.)n, to Imlat'h the fIllturiiincs or
hangings of that rlioint.
IThle lasliket tay Iibe ateti of ilay ire
ferl-l'd dimttInsiioni, if rioult the salre
Iproportionis are mlintit intd ias given itn
the .. diagrain in the illustra:tion. The
odfoundation is bookoard, a very heavy
kind of pasteboard. If the bisket is
small, the foundation may be :ill in one
piece, as in the diagram, but for a lar
ger oine there must te a section of
board for each side andl a square for
the bottom.
IDenim is usually employed for the I
lining anti cretonne for the outer cover
ing, out if the maker be artist enough
the covering may be of brown linen or
white duck, hand painted with large
sprays of flowers. When the basket is
made In one piece a penknife must be
drawn along the dotted lines shown in
the diagram on the outside of the book
board foundation before the covering
A TRAVELER'S SCRAP BASKET.
Is put In place, so that the board will
bend along the line, but not break. Do
not make the cut too deep.
For a large basket each side and the
bottom are covered on one side with
the cretonne and the other with the
denim, the edges of the two materials
being neatly slip stitched together. The
sides are then joined to the bottom by
a strip of strong tape or ribbon, half
being sewed to the lower edges of the
sides and half to the edge of the bot
tom, this forming a kind of hinge. Now
with a stiletto make eyelets along the
sides, punching from the outside in
ward and beilng careful to make the
holes on adjoining sides exactly paral
lel Lace the sides together with nar
row ribbons and tie bows of wide rib
bon at the top.
When it is desired to put the basket
in the trunk untie the ribbons and lay
it fiat. The pictured basket was cover
ed with white cretonne figured with'
large pink and damask roses with their
foliage. It was lined with green denim.
Rose colored ribbons were used to lace
and decorate the sides.
one of the Latest FPas.
One of the latest fads of the summer
season comes from England and has
been introduced there by the Duchess
of Marlborough, says The New Idea
Magazine.
The duchess has always had a par
ticular fondness for wearing very high
collarettes. She has now introduced a
combination of high collar with low
neck gowns to be worn in the daytime
in warm weather. The bodice is cut
slightly decollete and drawn up through
a piece of lace around the neck with a
narrow piece of ribbon to correspond In
color with the collar, which is made of
velvet and lined with thin white muslin
and finished off at the back with a
chop. With this combination is worn
s
DXCOLLETE WAIST WITH HIOG STOCK.
a broad crush girdle, also ctf velvet and
made with straps o\ r the shoulders.
These high collars with low neck
gowns are to be very much in vogue
this summer for gasiecn parties, driv
ing and all outdoor f;-hion fctes. They
are remarkably stylish and very be
coming.
DRESS AND FASHION.
PICTURESQUENESS, GRACE AND INDI
VIDUALITY RULE.
The Princess Gow( n Again in Favor.
Skirts Mold the liip, and Swirl Out
at the Feet-The Deceptive Sim
plicity of Cottons and Muslins.
The whole trend of dress is toward
the pictures ilun. I low rd v !.tk , .ice
ful lichus. ell wow rut'ies anl Ii.itur
hats satlsfy it' lrtist's ,eye when worn
by the right Iersin and in the right
mIanner.
Skirts are either immc:ulatelty clot.
molded to the hips and swirlin, out
at the feet or fully gathered ýfor thin
materialsi, with a mere hint of pan
niers on the hips.
Bodices are ni;clihed and pulled down
to below the waist line in front, giv
ing a graceful length to the tinure.
Very large and mtucwi trimnwil hats
are worn, but the pendulum of the
A GARDEN PARTY FROCK.
toque has swung backward again, as
far as the best milliners are concerned.
to the smaller, neater toque of yore,
poised a little on one side of the head.
There is a tendency on the whole to
ward a choice of what is becoming
and characteristic in dress rather than
the merely smart and fashionable.
Though the heavier makes of dresses
have severely plain and tight fitting
skirts, the more airy and flimsy fabrics
will be gathered and fulled into the
waistband and sometimes treated to
quaint flounces. The dress depicted
herewith in white and blue flowered
foulard is cut with four flounces, the
top one being in one with the bodice,
fitting the waist like a corselet by
means of narrow plaits. Frills of
azure muslin are gathered around the
lace yoke, and a blue velvet ribbon
is drawn up into a large chou in front
From all indications this will be a
."costume" season. That is to say.
dresses for outdoor wear will not re
quire any covering, such as coats or
jackets, 6r mantles. In a word, to use
the term which expressed so much I1
our grandmothers' mouths, we eca
"go out In our figures."
It promises to be a great year for
cotton frocks, batistes, muslins and
other simple fabrics which require that
studied simplicity in making up which
Is the most costly of all and which is
admired till the little bill presented
moves admiration that way no more.
The bolero in its simple form has
been perhaps a little overdone, but its
variations are as popular as ever, and
one of the newest, the "stole," is
shown in the cut together with a short
jacket of original aspect
The princess model is shown in great
variety, and the fashion is certainly
becoming to a graceful figure.
Very attractive are the muslin gowns
with daintily flowered grounds and in
THE STOLE BOLERO AND SHORT COAT.
the palest colors, mauve and blue be
ing the most popular. They are trim*
med with Insertions of lace and the
narrow black velvet ribbons which are
regarded with so much favor.
Strawberry Shortcake.
One pint of flour is measured for this cake,
And then of lard or else of butter take
One tablespoonful and at once proceed
To mix with milk as soft as you can knead.
Two teaspoonfuls of baking powder, so
It may be light, as every cook doth know.
Bake quickly if you wish to have it good
And fnish thus a most delicious frod.
Split. better, ll with berris,. lightly dust
With s~gar. plae on top the other crut;
Then in the owen put it to reheat
or a few misatnt; quickly serve and eat.
--Table Talk.