E MlE (ANTIt HM G. (0. LTD.
Wholesale Dealers in All Kinds of
ts, Produce, Field and
Garden Seeds.
r of SHREVEPORT STEAM BOTTLING
ORKS and SHREVEPORT STEAM
CANDY FACTORY.
and 125 Texas Street, Shreveport, La.
G. DREYFUSS & CO.
WHOLESALE DEALERS IN
oods, Boots, Shoes and Hats.
NER SPRING AND CROCKETT STREETS.
SATTENTION TO COUNTRY ORDERS.
tHERMAN LOEB
DEALER IN
Wool, Tallow, Beeswax, Furs.
CE STREET, NEXT TO V. S. & P. RAILWAY..
SHREVEPORT, LA.
to the sellers the best prices obtained in St. Louis/New
urg, Galveston and Houston markets. Prompt returns.
na Moment."
=have the completest stock of
ture, Matting, Rugs
..... and Linoleums
1 make it to yotw interest to call and see me b efore you buy.
call whether you buy or not. No trouble to show goods.
. A. Stephenson.
ing ...
od printing--commercial printing of value, we are ready
The kind of printing we do is good printing.
-who wants good -printing should bear in mind that
'ng we do is always good--the cheapest kind after all.
fs a Specialty.
.'rinting booklets, folders, circulars, cards, bill heads,
heads and everything which can be printed are fair
ag much cheaper, taking-in consideration the style
is generallv paid for careless, ordinary or common
Ring up tooo.
& Carnley Bre Printing Co.
STA N . KS u 1uw.m
...Ar. 4p.m. 86 6 a.M.
, . ........ E a.m. . 1p. m.
::T * ... .. . . . .. 11 S2 a.m .
..s r ::: :.:L. 1 A' p.. 4 • 1
. n......v. 41 . 332 ,
,T 253 1s4
«18 am. pm
."a *,--ar . to 66. .
E6- Of.hn. W e5 .. hS 4~d' -Ce,6
1 66 aerth 286 a.
rant D ti erALLENb
t
COOPER BUILDING.
ng.
Rooma i 4 and #6, First Fleer.
fifor ResiMdence 738 Cs.tton St.
OFFICE HOURIS:
Stoa and 5 to 7 p.^
A 'aslis left at Palmer Drug Co. and
fi Carter Drug Co." promptly attendted to.
E. WV Suxherlu7. Thos. C Barren
TALMAGE
SERMON
By Rev.
FRANK DE WITT TALMAGE. D.D..
Pastor of Jefferson Park Presby
terian Church, Chicago
Chicago, March 22.--In this sermon
Dr. Talmage gives chl.or awl encour
agement to the trained nurse, whose
self sacrifleing vocation he describes as
one of the highest and noblest to which
her sex cnn aspire. The text IsM Tim
othy v, 10. "Well reported of for good
works " * * if she have relieved the
afflicted."
Well, indeed. may a w~::i!: be re
ported of for goodl works in 'uch a
world as ours if she hav:i relieviid the
afflicted. Such ( . ion n . re soi :" .,"'d
ed. There is sufei:r i eve"': ý' ero
In the rich man's p:].,ii a a ti;o poor
man's tenorment. If any Win:I de(sires
to be well replorted of for ;goid works.
she can attani her ambition in i: sur
er, better way than rl lelievhinsg the af
flicted. It is a glorious miision that
has been chosen by thetse nobhle wom
en. who are gradu'ating as trained
nurses and are going forth in their
striped uniforms, like valiant soldiers,
to contend with fell diseasei. I want
to present to tyou y vonlcepitionll of
what such a womanil shoutl be,. wheth
er she stiands by the operating table or
bends over the invalidl's bed or walks
through the wards of a hosphial for
contagious dijeases or steriliz.es the
snrgeon's knives jus I I before tho limb
is to be ;timiitated. Every year of my
residence il ('ii icag :I ve b:;eien ::asked
by the officials of the diilerent training
schools to p;eak upon: tl'"s subjott. I
take this opplTortunity to :itlladdrs not a
single griaduating (cl;::. of tr:inIed
nurse. hibut to speak to ili the di fI',ront
training schooli for ntirH'.s with wlhitich
mny pulpit conlh's into co::..aet.
"T'he si-ape of mly ith"use- i bhet ie
realized if the hel:,r. is lhd into the
hunmble ho.me of the miost Ieloved and
int-rnationamlly oiioired of all women
living at the present time. Who is sh(e?
I will answer that question by relating
an incident which happened about the
year 1858. Lord Stratford was enter
taining at a London itunquet many of
the pronlnent military officers of the
British army, who had led to victory
the queen's soldiers in the Crimean con
flict. As a matter of curiosity, the no
hie lord asked them, one and all, this
question: "Who do you think, of all the
participants of the late war, will be the
most honored and revered by the com
ing generations?" He asked his guests
to write the names of their choice upon
slips of paper and he would read the
same and announce the result of the
ballot. When the slips were collected,
the vote was unanimous. Wonderful
to state, the name which Lord Strat
ford announced was not that of a gen
eral. It belonged to an untitled wom
an. Her name was Florence Nightin
gale. Who was Florence Nightingale?
She was not a Joan of Arc or Maria
Theresa, who tchieved victories by the
sword. She won her universal fame
by the way she bound together the
bleeding lips of the wounds which the
surgeon's knife had opened. She car
ried in her hand not the battle torn
union Jack, but the white bandage.
She ignited no dame which burst forth
from the cannon's mouth. She simply
lighted a little candle, with which she
went from ward to ward in the field
hospitals, long after the tired men were
asleep.
The Ideal Narse.
Who was Florence Nightingale? I
will tell you. She was the heroic nurse
who did not want the British people
to rear for her a monument of cold
marble, but instead she took the $250,
000, which was a free will offering giv
en by her countrymen, and with it built
and endowed, only a short distance
from Westminster abbey, the famous
training school for nurses which now
bears her name. This school, estab
lished in 1800, is ther foster mother of
all the modern training schools for
nurses. When a woman so honored
by church and state as Florence Night
ingale thinks the development of the
trained nurse a work so important that
she devotes to fit her fortune and her
consecrated energies, we need make no
apology for taking as our theme this
morning the qualities which -are needed
in the ideal nurse.
The trained nuVe, in the first place,
must be intelligent She is the right
arm of the physician. By that we do
not Ijean that the trained nurse is to
be a mere automatic machine and that
when the physician pulls the string she
is to move and when i stops pulling
she is to stand still. Oh, no! She is to
be far more. When Stonewall Jackson
lay dying, after having been shot at
Chancellorsville, Robert E. Lee turned
to the messenger who brought him the
sad news and said: "Tell General Jack
son he cannot and must not .die. If
Stonewall Jackson dies, I shall lose my
right arm." When Robert E. Lee said
that, he did not assert that General
Jackson -had no brain, no thinking pow
er, or that, as Lee's right arm. he mere
ly obeyed the behests of Robert E.
Lee's brain. He meant that Jackson
was, in one sense, absolutely essential
to him for the best organizing and de
velopment of the southern armie4, as
well as for helping him in the laying
out of a campaign. So we find that to
day the intelligent trained nui-se is
~mote than the mere physical right arm
of the thylfsln , She is hi1 eyes, his
-sad his eonstan t helperi, What the
tetJif t+$iwd ;t ',u alWe. t rce
physician's aiagnosis. He sees the pa
tient but once In twenty-four hours,
while she is by the invalid's bed prac
tically all the time. She can record tbh
progrtess (of the disease by the flight of
minutes It1' can only study it by t'ue
morning and the evening call. The
valllu of the intelligellt nurse is to be
found in what she st'5s, as well as in
what she is willing to do: her usefe!
nes is to i4e ntlhanceed by what she
cani toll, as well as by her willingness
to obey orders.
A Eallacy Exploded.
"It is high time." lloren'ce Nightin
gale once wrote. "that the fallacy
should be explodtd tthat ,very woman
is able to ie'omlli'e a competent nurse.''
It is high time that the standard of our
training schools for nurses should be
raised, that unworthy ,nstitutions
shoull te crushde l out and that the
question of a trained nurse's etliciency
should not be decided by her ability to
but- a ginghanm dress and to read a
thermometer. It is high time that the
state legislatures should place laws up
on the statute xbooks, so that the graunl
ates of these different institutions
should he conmpelleld to ipass extllinit
tions for licensure, as the doctor, (he
ipharmllcist., the liawyer or the locomno
tive engineer is ~olpelled to do. In
comlpetent nursintg has ilnvolv''d the
loss of many a life and caused llimany
anl agoniilg pail. Some tinll' ;agor a
dear friowl t of mline, a Ibrother mtii:s
ter, had his little flve-yor -old .otl nlair
ly burti.l Ito death. The' only way to
save thte c'hild's life was by ralf ing
humanul' skin upontt the littlet oe's stout
itch and chest. The father nlld the"
child's two brothters 'volut'eret to lot
tlhe doctor peel tit'' skiin firm their bod
ites to save the h;iby's life. After oie'
of the brI'll'rs--a noble Ind about lto
years of tage--la il iad the skin cut off
his arms and shoublers a' l cfhest the
sut'geonI turned tihe litrsl'l' antidl said.
"Nurse, whereo did yo1u get that knife?'"
"Out of the all.bol," slt' a:i;wer''.'
"Idi yolu th o ' thp e bllade ill storile
water ieefore you gave it ito nw?" "No,
s.te answered:t "I did not iktiIw youI
wanted m1e to do it." "'tohen." said lh,
sI.'gton ", e hav.i' 'iut all the skil oifl
from this hby's tady for otint' " Y1ii'
ter:linal ia:ail'.ut is to Iinue for this
usels.,s g.sdffe rillgT.ou should have
knlowl enuoghli to pla.e that kinife in
fstet;i' water. You profess toI' h .e
traiei.d surdical int 'e and a gr'aduate
of a nuri'ses' :ol.lge."
Thu'lsl; you wv(hout abitoult ito .come
tra ined nlurses,, it is of vital inipor
iance that you are intelliient and 011ii
c'iut. It is of vital iltorm'tansce that
you should know the value of fresh air
and of proper dietetics. It is of vital
importance that you obey the laws of
cleanliness and not allow your patient
to become infected. The ignorance of
incompetent nurses has sent many a
patient to the grave. If you volunta
rily enter your noble profession intel
lectually unqualified, you are commit
ting a sin against the human race just
as surely as Is the ignorant switchman
who throws open the wrong switch
and sends the passenger train crashing
into the freight train which has been
sidetracked. "I did not know" in the
sickroom is about as criminal as "I did
not think" or "I forgot." In this age
of fine training schools for ntfrses it is
just as much every nurse's business to
learn how to think right as it is to
learn how to do right.
Cure Soul and Body.
The ideal nurse should be a Christian
woman. During the dark night, when
the black winged death angel is hover
ing, wing and wing, beside the white
winged birth angel. or when in the
crisis of pneumonia or typhoid the life
seems to be hanging by a slender
thread, no intelligent nurse is so com
petent to bend over the bed as the one
who believes in God and prayer and
the one who can ask for the divine
blessing when she pours out the medi
cine or places the ice bag on the fe
vered brow. A great deal of Florence
Nightingale's power over her patients
was due to the fact that she could tell
the physically helpless and the dying
about the Good Physician, who was
able to cure the sufferer's soul as well
as his body. The Crimean soldiers had
a better chance for getting well in this
world when Florence Nightingale's
mere presence made these rough men
stop their swearing and influenced
many of them to turn their lips toward
heaven with a beseeching prayer. We
know that one of the beneficent tasks
of a nurse is to inspire patients with
peace of mind and of heart. There
fore, is not the ideal nurse doubly fitted
for her work when she can impart to
the sufferer's soul a knowledge.of the
peace that passeth understanding?
Was that nurse's practical useful
ness marred by her faith in (God. about
whom Dr. Banks relates this thrilling
incident? ,During one of the boodrly
battles of the civil war a wounded
youth was carried into the field hos
pital. He tossed upon his cot crying
and moaning: "Do not let me die! Oh.
I am afraid to die! Oh. I am afraid to
die!" The Christian nurse walked up
to his side and'placed her hands firmly
upon his shoulders. Then she said:
"Boy, if you have to die, don't be a
coward. Die like a man!" Then, after
she had quieted him a little, she Aat by
his side and began to tell him of that
Christ who was waiting to be' his
Saviour, whether he lived or died.
After awhile tears of penitence rolled
down the lad's cheeks. He put his
faith in Christ. Then, with perfect
confidence and trust in the divine for
giveness, like a little child, he went to
sleep in his Saviour's arms. Do yqu
not feel that a Christian nurse's prac
tical usefulness is enhanced when, dur
ung the convalescing hours, she can
talk upon the higher, the spiritual
themes of life and send her patient
forth from the sickroom with noble
aspirations to do right? You know as
well as I know that much of the sick
ness of 'this world is due to the direct
rsUult of san,- Therefore. is It not in
,: .:e c r-atial for on ideal nurse
may fight against the cause as well as
the results of many sicknesses?
Why Nurses Should Be Christian'.
But there is another reason why the
nurse '-hould be a Christian woman.
No young girl who enters this noble
profession is morally and spiritually
safe unless she enters it with the di
vine arin of protection encircling her
We talk about the temptations whihli
confront an average actor and lnti't¢'-:
Mary Anderson, once thie uncicao x,,i
queen of the American .tllhat-l', hais
warned young girls against the ,''ilt
tations. Aetors like Edwin ii (th
would never allow their daughters to
follow in their footsteps. Sone of us
would rather see our daughters detd
than hear that they were going uport
the stage. But the temptations of th.,
stage have their counterpart ill the per
ils, more subtle and no less menncing,
of the lnurse's career. The breaking of
the home ties, the siletnce of the sick
room, the evils of the hospital, the un
principled lives of many physicians
and the perils which must necessarily
arise in the discussion of certain (.ases
-all conspire to overthrow the spirit
ual life of one who may have entered
the nurse's profession with the highes:
and noblest of purposes. Ah, nurse,
you realize only too well that the words
of warning whichn speak hatve a.ar
reaching and ovex'rpow\rilg olntlnin;:
t(hrefore, if you art gonill t 1( tller tih:
profession in yollr \own strte,1h it be:
of you to stop Ibefore it is too li:te. lit I
ter scrub in the kiitchen, stnitd Iehin( d
the colunter. be ia chamilerniid ,or any
tiing that is honoralble, howeve\-r hlinI
ble, rather than attempt to he it trained
aurse without (C'hrist byv your side. A.
a noble, ('hristilnai woman a traitued
nurse has the gratndest opplortunities
for usefulrness; as o'1+ who is not 1il
vinely protected she is iin weekly at!l
daily-aye, perhaptt in hourly--da :ler
of spiritual overthrow.
The ideal lnurse shoull Ie a brave\(
wo tmain. The battleii'ld, 'iih it., sit rni
of shot and shell, slows no gri:.ter per
entage 'of Iss of life I:tni that foutl
aItltig iito traind iltllurses in oItur co-i.
gious hospitals. Th ,, s,,ldier who
chal rges the' :i-tI1y': h. - ll i .t :orS: ia
looking de;,lt in til t: tfct wv h iith 1 i:v
cIr eye tihi tie- t!|ify o n I 111'4e t n re wvlho
ttlm s tl:, -tls:o of thl 4tallt ,pox pa tient
or the young gi -rl wo otiiii s to gio with
the I,'hy;it-''ln into thel lstu rantil tied
city affectt'id v wilth ;ellow f-ever. iThen
there "are the dintilgeis which iny aliect
the patients ts wevil a ithe' Iuirse, which'
result fromi delirium. The other d.vy I
read an account of ta case in which: the
quick witted Ibravery of at nurse saved
the life of a ravinig patient comtmittehl
to her charge. atin vini stepped outi of
the room for a little, when she returned
she found the lpatient staniding by his
bed with a knife in his hand, ready to
cut his throat. instead of serraning or
running away. she fixed her eye calmly
upon his as she said: "1 would not cut
my throat with such a dull knife is
that if I were you. Let me have it; I
know where to get a sharper one."
The delirious patient hesitated a nio
meat. Thenhe handed it to her. Then
she calmly turned and threw it out of
the open window as she said, "Now go
back to bed or else I will call for help to
put you there." Ah, that was bravery'.
That wa.i bravery as great as Lieu
tenant Cushing exhibited when be tried
to blow up the ironclad ram Albemarle
at Plymouth. N. C., or as General Fun
ston exhibited when, with a handful of
followers, he invaded Aguinaldo's head
quarters and captured the chief of the
Filipino armies. That is the kind of
physical and moral courage which
many nurses have to possess in order
to fulfill the trying duties of their no
ble profession.
Moral Courage Neeeusary.
But therg is another way in which
the ideal tfained nurse must prove her
bravery. That is when she has the
moral courage to refuse to work for an
incompetent physician. Some time ago
one Of the training schools for nurses
gave this question in an examination
paper: "Supposing you positively knew
that If you obeyed the doctor's or
ders to give to your patient a cer
tain medicine that act would kill the
patient, would you give it?" Most of
the students answered "No." Some an
swered "Yes." I myself believe that
neither answer fully covered the duty
in the case. If there should come a
time-and that time will come -when a:
competent nurse knows that her pa
tient is being cared for by an incompe
tent physician, then that nurse should
go to that doctor and tell him plainly
what she knows and the-n and thller
refuse to work any longer under his or
ders. She should do us an o:i-er in the
United States army ought to do. .\
an officer in thel :i'ri'y I must obey [fy
commandl! er's oderis. If I do not, then
I tam punisLed, aUt if I know that my
commn:nder is a iuntl:e('n in: -Otnlete:t
or is 'oIlow ng a faItally wrong policy
then I hl:ould htve the mo:ral courage
to hand in my resignation or to pIroatl't
to the higher authorities. Ihat is ex
actly what c.rtain officers in the "Spa;:
ish-American war did in rtf( rence i,
their orders in Cuba. When the Wash
I ington war department wanted to keel
the American army in Cuba after San
tiago had been captured, all the gener
als wrote a public protest to the presi
dent, and that protest brought the ar
myhome. A trained nurse has no mor
dl right to work under an incompetent
physician. By doing so she becomes a
party to his malpractice. She should
not disobey his orders. Two wrongs
never make a right. She should refuse
to work for him at all.
The ideal nurse should be a happy
woman. Happy! Why? Because, as
King Solomon wrote, "A merry heart
doeth good like a medicine." The rip
pling laugh makes the croaking owls
and the bats and the vermin, which
love to fly or walk or crawl about in
the midnight gloom, flee for their lives.
Happy! Why? Because good cheer is
contagious as well as infections. The
nurse's smile in the sickroom has the.
same curative qualities as the sun bath
W-auIhQgtle rubz Au d yet there are
some nurses who go about their taska
with the soured visage of an undertzi..
er's assistant rather than with the r:.
diant face of one wlho is trying (e chee'
up those who are lpalii r:.c'ke.d nd141ile
pressed. They never s'eil to4 realize
'hat ia true n es fIII :lcill e'xp;i'' .. '.in
shoulbt hl) full of sun<t it' ;s w\e'li ;is
her filitg 'rs' o.ulh -i '111- :11'.,l i i'
* ut. oiltsitet ci f ' ,1 r tl! '. t . , it'l'rd the
5)atti'nt, tIIe' is ; 'ni!,,r n''' -it 'A hy
thO id.eal I11"4'4o sh1ollild Ih hal'p \. I 1r
life is one oif Self sa; 'ri' ie',. It iý a life
which has in it a s''ve,'t ' on41ionjI ,':
that she is trying 1to helip he,'r I.eil'w
men. it is not ii tif' 4f mlltre' i thl.yV
malking, ais iany slplese'. A tl''r th.e,
mate ext lenses she h1a1s littlIe Iony'V to
save,. t Is a life of swe't and1(l n(o1le
self sacrifice. tn 18i) MIr. tH. ('. t'ttlli.e
stock. a wealthy lierc'lhant, gave 4'1' 4l,
()00 to il(dow a training sc'tlo4Hl Ifor
_aurse.s Ihea(s.' lie had seenhii 1'('two n1ii''s
tenderly ca(re for his dlyiiii f if:f It'
knew they wivere- worth all the et'l that
ihe gave; h knew thatl thel ideal nurs
whom such nl institutionii VoltI d 1ebtel
ep was Ia woman c('apalil of self sue''i
-ice, 1a womanl who t'ruIsts in hilnl V', 1)
said, "Ihe thal loseth his life folr i:
sake shall find it."
*he Juy N ell le seeinel'.
)h. tlthit transcd'ntheut ,1"i, (,d tfli
:bhristiant nurses' salritice ftr others.
It is ileI sanli joy that c:el to t1 ill: t
young girl of lDr. Kgwiii l(hurlIh at
W ilmnington, itt. 1llr litlt t Iotlhe."
had n diiseased limbl. Thie tih.li ov,rIi the
bruised htone would not l(eal. Thei dho
!rs told the fatheir that unltess they
could got someine little chlilh \vio ;:;<
willing to have hler flesh gra:fted o:1 to
his he must die. The young sielter
heard what the doctors wanlted. she
offered to lie down andl let 1her tender
flesh hie taken. The father rlefusedt. Ie'
felt that ill the dangerous opleraltion
both children might die. She1 finally
won his conlsent. Tilhere, for lthree lol,
weeks, tile litle girl lay with heir arnl
bound to her mrother'c while tlhe ii-lhi
was hieaing his woundli . ndll dlliie l :}]
the eli with :t h:ppy s.milh, A.h, k-p
saying: "['rleh-r i< gaing I get we1i
'Yes, lily lhrlt l'er. Ilii :1 t lyi ;I c
here', is going to L 'i well.' " 'oI ti .o
inti who arel" about to enter the ls. -'s
pl'trfessi(on, i il rl' Io i 'l ll e itferl!
nurses, this iu to IRfe ytour .it y. t oi
twill e ha,,tpy I cau i ytou w:l I ,no
that yoellr ;tieritice atd t(evotioi anc i
faithfulhess will save other lives. You
will have tlhe sweet ,Iaa'iousn(t oss that
hack furo the dark valley of the shad
ow of death, or, if you have to close
the eyelids of the dead, you will know
that you have been able to place their
hands in the saving hand of Jesus.
Christian woolen about to enter the no
ble profession of trained nurses. I con
gratulate you. I give to you a gospel
salutation. I wish you godspeed.
I have chosen this subject of the
"Ideal Nurse" for two reasons: First. I
want to remove the'prejudice which is
harbored in many minds against hospi
tals and trained nurses. Some people
think that a hospital is only an adjunct
to a cemetery and that a trained nurse
in a hospital is not nearly as compe
tent or faithful as the average mother
caring for her sick child. 1rhe simple
fact is many a life would have been
saved if the patient had been sent to
a hospital instead of being kept at
home under the parents' charge. Some
time ago I was called to see a young
girl sick with pneumonia. The pa
tient lay in a room that was damp and
cold. The mother's every action proved
she was incompetent to care for the in
valid. I gently told her so and suggest
ed that she send her daughter to a hos
pital, whera she could be properly cared
for. She answered that that was what
the doctor wanted her to do, but she
could not and would not let her daugh
ter be under any other care but her
own. Within a few days the young
girl died. I ofciated at the funeral.
They had a beautiful casket and plen
ty of 'flowers, but the whole service
seemed to me a mockery. I do not say
that mother killed her child, but I do
say that if she had been taken to the
hospital and received the right kind of
treatment the daughter might have re
covered.
Second. I have preached this sermon
because I want to throw wide open a
door of usefulness for Christian woni
en. Nursing is essentially Woman's
work. It is as much a woman's work
as caring for a baby Is a mother's
work. Therefore I want to show to
young women a field in which they can
not only make an honorable living, but
in which they can do an infinite a"moun:lt
of good. Sist'rs and da ughters, ('hri.
tian girls, it is time for ' some! of yt: t,,
stop learning to play upon th,, p-::;l r
when you hla no 1 )1 uilClli talol"lt al":,
trying to pnIilt iupoln chlina whltt i y(e,1
have lno t]'.isle tt:i u lIt all(1 1e711"I ti (i
som ethin: Irpmetioni in the hi.'h,'r trai:t
ing schools for nur-ses. You will tih-t
find a wolilaloy vocation. You will fi:d
here a course of study which will lit
you to betolnie bletter wives and i!ot,,t
ers if the frlagralit:e of toe orange blis
soms should ever woo you to the mar
riage altar.
May Gc.l bless today the m'emory of
Florence Nighitngale& And may tl:e
bandage and the nurse's cool hand upoil
the fevered brow ever be accompanied
by the earnest Christian prayer of the
ideal nurse.
[Copyright. 1903, by Louis J1opsch.]
Dumas' Keen Retort.
Alexandre Dumas was dining one
day at the house of a wealthy banker
in company with General X. At des
sert the conversation turned on the ex
istence of God.
"Come now, gentlemen." said tilhe
general, "how is it that people bother
themsel-'es about such trifles at this
time of day? I. for my part, calnnot
imagine the existence of such a mys
terious entity as the Supreme Being."
"Genernl.' replied TDunmas. "I keep at
.honme t1 0 1'r tl-',. 1a ('"tlP. ii IlOlmoktylq
and a parror .'hii-h are exactly of youi
opinion."