ft JAMON'S Chill T
Is Teasleg e.. 1 .resed t. Cars Chills ad
Fewvr a. all lastrwal Tr.sales.
Does Not Coateala Quine Nor Other Poies.
Does Not lnjare the Stomach Nor Fleet the Hearl-.ng
, W. A. McLarty & Son, DimeBox,Tex., say: "Ramon's Pepin Chill Tonic is the
best we have ever tadled. My son prescrnhes itin his practire,and says. t is
theonly ill Tonic which a child can take withost injury to the stomach."
Price bu BROWN MI'G. CO., Prop'rs, Oreeneville, Tenn.
*LOW PRICES.- ;!
Ladies' Regular lOc Hose, Black or Tan at 8c pair.
( hldreun regular 10e Hose, all sizes, 8. pair. e
" Ladies Flanel Lined LUdershirts worth 35c at only 25c. Pants to "
match assle price. S
d Ladle's non.shrinking Vests sold by others at ý$1 GO, our price
S65e esch. .Pants to match, same price.
Ladies' All Wool Vests worth 1 25 at only 98c. Pants to match A
same price.
* Ladie's MusliunUuderwear'at very low price,.
- Give us a call. We. have.a beautiful lot of all kinds cf Ladie's
_ Underwear.
W. 4. Ross, 417 Texas.
o .
TO THE PUBLIC:
You are hereby notified that I ill
keep open
Night and Day
Except Sunday, and will deliver
Paints, Oils, Varnish, Wall Paper.
Etc., at any time. I have determ
ined to keep in the lead and don't
you forget it. Ring Phone 88.
c. WELLMAN
'C. C. HARDMAN,
Wholassleo ad Retail Dealer in
Lumber, Shingles, Sash,[
Doors,'Blinds and General House
Finishin', Goods.
',FFICE sad SALESROOMS, cor. Spring and Crockett.
LUMBER YARD, !or. Lake sad McNeil Sts. ahreveport, La.
-A9IN LIOU11L .AD GROCERi C
LISKITED
Corner T xas and pring Streets.
IbADQUAITERS POY
Fine Whiskies, brandies, Imported & Domestic Cigars,
Gins, Wines and Sundries, Best & Most Popular Brands
toaoCu;Auru so&rmas' ATrrSaL
'Irade solicited. Prompt ml satisfsctorv atteuttou Evsli a oadlers.
Se HICKS, Preo. YALE RICKS, Vice-Pres W F HAIL, Beoty A Trcas
DIRECTORS.:
8 B HICKS, C ALE HICKS, F H GOSMAN, W F CHASE.
T B SCUOVLL, G H STlC KNSON,
THE HICKS COMPANY
LIMITED
*. Wholesale Grocers
and Cotton Factors.
Office and Warehouse, Corner Spring and Traviu
and Texas and.Commerce 'Streetas
;.%..
rlAAMs U O 1 BIN.iHHM.
THE PROPOSED ENLARGEMENTS OF
THE WHITE HOUSE.
Mrs. Ilnrrison'~ I4en0 'Partially Fol
lo.eJd In Itemntodtelig the Ixeecu
tie Mannlon-The I rgent Need of
More Room.
[Special Cut re sptr Mt e .]
.AC.IINGTON, I o1C. t--The ipr ov,-ý
;eilt., tlnlargement ald atlornlelit t of
the huildinhgs and grounds of the na
ti)llnal capital seenm to be the order of
the day. And all this is very proper,
particularly in view of the fact that ,we,
have just celebrated with flourish of
trumpets and rhetoric the one hun
Pboto bJ Chedinit, Waslhington.
COW)~BL THEODOHt A. HItNGA~t.
dredth anniversary of the establis b
ment of the seat of government in
Washington. Already Washington is
one of the most beautiful capitals of
the world, and there is no reason why
we should not make it the most mag
nificent. Two schemes of improvement
are now fairly under way, one involv
lug the construction of a splendid park
system and boulevard, plans for which
have been submitted by Samuel Par
sons, Jr., the noted archit ct of New
York, and which have been approved
by Secretary Root and the engineers of
the war department, under whose di
rection the work will be prosecuted,
and the other the enlargement of the
White House, the plans and a model of
which were presented at the recent
centennial celebration by Colonel Theo
ldore A. Blugham, U. S. A., who has
charge of the public buildings and
grounds of the capital.
That the "'Greater White House" is
an urgent necessity all freely admit,
but Colonel Bingham's project does not
meet entire approval. There are those
who hold that construction of the pro
posed wings to the executive mansion
would not only mar the architectural
effect of the building Itself, but detract
from the beauty of the White House
grounds. These critics hold that the
executive mansion should be preserved
intact not only because it is a national
landmark at once admirable and histor
Ic, but because its preservation is re
garded as a necessity to the appearance
of the neighborhood, which Is already
imperiled in the matter of its grace and
beauty. It is urged that the present ex
ecutive mansion, which all admit is
wholly Inadequate for its present uses,
should be us,'-' by the president as an
office and for state purposes only and
that a suitable residence should be pro
vided .lsewhere, insuring for him andu
his family the personal privacy which
even the humblest citizen enjoys. There
is not a little pertinency in the sugges
tion, though it will evidently not be
adopted.
Colonel Bingham's plan, wnalc on .ue
whole is very satisfactory, will doubt
less be carried out. As every American
citizen will he a part owner in the en
larged White house the details are of
Interest to the whole country. The
model embodies the present executive
mansion. unaltered and standing out in
colspicuous relief. Colonel Bingham
combines his original ideas with those
of Mrs. Harrison, the wife of ex-Presi
dent Harrison. for an enlarged man
sion with wings. Mrs. Harrison's
plans, as worked out by F. D. Owen,
an architect connected with Colonel
Bingham's office, comprise two new
buildings like the old one, but placed
at right angles thereto and connected
by colonnades or wings. Colonel Bing
ham's model Includes only these con
necting wings added to the White
House as It now appears. The larger
buildings can be added later whe:,ever
congress sees fit to authorize the ex
pendltur'. The connecting wings will
be complete In themselves until such
future improvements are made. The
exterior architecture, as shown In the
model, is In the form of colonnades
sweeping around to the rear, with Ionic
columns similar to those which support
the main portico. Behind these may
be seen a curved extension of the origi
nal White House walls. At the ex
tremity of each colonnade wing is
shown a new entrance with a port co
chere facing squarely south. The wings
will be two stories in height, their col
cmns extending to the top all around.
The new wings will be divide'! into
various apartments by temporary par
titions, which may be removed to af
ford a clear space when the larger ad
ditions are built to complete Mrs. Ilar
rlson's scheme of utilizing each colon
nade wing as a passageway with cen
tral rotunda fcr reaching the greater
ard}ncts. ''tib extension on the west
side of the new model is leosigated as
the "official wing." that on the east the
"public wing." In the latter and ex
tending from the east room will be a
i,.e rolepti n I.,io and ample oflcP
apart ;' ,lti .olnecting with those now
onI th.' Scie':.d tloor. PI ovisilu is al1o
li!lel' fir a new\ ircula.r state dining 1
m.aInl 1111 fiet ill dlia n..'tlr ill tl'he w sc t or
" nliiial wit.r.'" t hI the seonld i l or u'
thi- will pr hvi ld live :ld itioi l
l'he \\lhi.t H1tu tday is to larger
titan it ii:was W hen P'resident .hJhn .1d
anlll lt o 'd illl i t a t'nltlllry a '. :an
1!I f.:et iit iin too large for his til d is.
lrs. .AdA\il.s reIiiarked that It was
"vert w-ll p.1ioprtinied to the lresi
dent's sal!:,." w\hich was thu . $"5.'0
a .-a i. or half that whiich nodlern pres
lulleti re stpllt~sed to need in disienis
Ing; xezlliVe lhospital it iy, the ditianlld
upon whih have fully doubled within
thoi past .e.ntiry. At his state fun.
tinls lAdaItll rcei vetd lint s2 enator
whereas W\\'illiaim MtIinley tiuast be
holist to .,s. The apartm'nii ts in whith
i -re entiertaiined lint 11 replreslenta
tiyes in I N) must ,now holdi :; at
'. Hlite IlH-ue reeepitl.ion. The eat inet.
nw w ith eight Ininhers, then haid but
f i. The dillomnatic corps wtas a small
hlandful of f foreigners. Adalis i-ni1l
ienti-rt:in his entire e uliate anti e hinit
t, -eiliLer in the state dia:iii ro in,. buiilt
to a un.nia.dtte hilt 41i guests. Today:
I'resildent i-NKinlly must aiandon thi
well lielht-d rib lml intendedt for stat
feasts. 11i n mst spread his board In a:
1 i., narroilw .orriidl r'nniling east anl
west thi.roi-h the icenter of the buiiild
inle.
Thii is the Oldest pulitic Iullling In
\V~a.hinutol and has bteen otcuipied Iby
, ý"i v l.r,-i lhnt of th.> Unitel States
4xpltin; only ;h. tirst, thli llh be pr.'
si"il it til. ' lvyiug of u. (iit.l rtone.
1Th'rie is r·cord of one brief occasion
whin it lihlttred also thorge :land
Marlh.t \\Washington. They walkedl
tllhroullh it on a totir of ihiltectiotn ill
17:.T9 but a few weeks before the first
presilent's death. It is all the more
ha:llovwed oun thi account. WVashington
had been present in 17t12 when the
cornerst.lne was laid with Masonic
ceremonhies. The satme year, through
his three commissioners appointed to
govern the District of Columbia, he had
advertised for a design for "the presi
dent's house." lie offered a premium
of $300 to the architect submitting the
best plan. This was won by .James
Hoban, a young Irish architect of
('lharleston. IIloban's design is said to
have clo.ely copied that of the Irish
Duke of Leinster's palace in Dulilln.
Work was commenced at once, but
difficulty in raising funds prolonged it
for more than eight years. The walls
i were of Virginia sandstone, quarried
near the capital city.
.As to how the e(xeedlive mansion
first received the name White House is
a mooted question. Sonle historians
state that this was out of respect for
Martha \iashington, whose childhood
home in Virginia bore that designation.
Others claim that the name was sug
gested by the white paint which has
always' adorned its exterioer since the
British disfigured the walls when they
sacked the city during the war of 1l12.
When the A'lamses moved Into the
building. it had coat all told a quarter
I' J
-I·a;.
Snap shot by 'Dinst, Washington.
SECRKTARY ROOrT.
rI a million dollars. Necessary repairs
1(n refurnishings, including the rep:a
-ation of the damage wrought by the
British. have brought the total cost of
the building since 1SO0 up to about $2,
J00,000. It is estimated that it will
0ost something like another million to
complCet thie enlarigements outlined in
'olonel linglihant's plans.
SAMCEL t I. AI:ItAfD.
A Discusalon of the Supernaturnl.
"M1amtny," said I'ickanitnny .lJim. who
had maintainted a long and thoughtftll
silence, "is dar any sech ting as culliid
folks' Sa'nts.'
"Yoll mean ghoss." rejointtd Aunt
Maria as she turned front| the ironing
boat id.
Yas' Il."
"Well. sotnny. y".u has hit on a sub
jek dat s iben givin sc(ienie a h('; . of
trouble. Maybe dar is eillutl folks'
glhoses. an mnayl dar ain t. l e ditli
caulty of ascertainmtent liies in lde ftack
dat if dar was a culltl folks' ghost' his
complexion would be so dahk dat you
couldn' notice 'lm."-a-\shiangton Star.
EVOLUTiLtl I r T kE EDITur.
From Den Frank-Ita' Time There
ha' e Been Many- Chaamga.
\Vhcn Ienjaniti Fr:ttLkiin it otl asked on
the jlIraitditie -cea. thti k 'tin .t~,dt
t.,rt' Wl-~ not a gFnetil teru11. Maji teat
It-r co nd.ir,-..I tta.in-i th. ~.thte f
1'ti- 1t, Is\ i~tllama ,1 t ;:ztt . isg itht shak ch
Thrnnte. is. IMat htor~il - t" eI,",:ti ios f
iI. t thin -pa. ik"ra ket W111t. n it in tiitil
edlitor, buit ai!~n f..rrn,..1 , IV p. " "tt,"'r andli
ut I. tl aut W ( -t til.ll,' sit its -.'liY ste
W hIll 0 a-l.".' ' l l(' d .tau Rta d ir' tana
'.i n1 Ult Ilul,- f.tuhit-lat'tt rlions th. gener-l
..cl iitr -', n·i wit th"ir ~sitan ." 1 h
'I'he · -c':latia I1;11I u began to shake oftu
- 4a l n t. i t 15 til- litV. r e~i.iitig (IIII
Tere-r' isttntl u~hIiltort ferotttI n fugtl
theit nta t at-l btI it tis ali, Itsnur that
sitt. t ri htn witt', . ltian. er i-ationsof ti.
ti-- " tIl ·Ite ,.t" a" ·Ilt1nt . titnr. .\. tint\lt!
stets. e.:\ . tn: utded , and the 1111 c e1"t
It t· ii c Ii Iii that of a n u-r e pur st .'y o
a-tt ul.ltr a.,, gic, "n an a~ilIto ll i tant,~)
The o(. a·rt inu hail not reallynil a'"isen, hot
L nth. I~u'-trii as the g'"uitts pr crdiu us it
The iniv.irsaliz; g of athletics ocae
aiin.! a nticeable gap in the then well
recptited "staff." for that is what the
Co,niposite editor became in the expansion
process. A sporting editor was as much
of a crying need as any other of the spe
ciali.ts. lie must be an encyclopedia of
athletics, wear a diamond and smoke per
fr,.this, but the "tough talk" of some of
the fraternity is an affectation anil not a
qualification. In his department there is
another colony of "subs," including ex
perts on hasehall, horse racing, cricket
ndl the indoor sports. Golf is a recent
addition and demands a man fluent in
curious words and inclined toward p'
destrianism. Another requisite is his
habiity to fitd his way home after a day's
unnerving excitement on the links.
These. are all nmore or less tixtlures on a
well equippel staff. It any one of the
aporting editors is in danger of finding
hintaclf without his familiar occupation
Int the course of years, he is the horsq
I editor, whose idolized equine may somle
day drift into the z'w among other rare
beasts. t:ut the horse editor's sun has
ant set hopelessly since the automobile
has come into vogue. lie can just as
well become the horseless editor and ti
more modern than llny of his confreres.
But 'even to contemplate it, the spec
tacle would be the mrost distressful of all
the changes of journalism. The very
thought of a horasi editor. his nose keen
to the scent of blooded trotters, reporting
an automobile race amid the noxious
odors of gnisoline ercites pity.
The editor and the staff may have tak
en their pla-ce as fixtures, but the prefir
"auto" and sultir "'less" are 'lotiinedl to
work woid,,iitrs in editorial nomenclature.
-Baltimore Siun.
Jast Mlased a Prietless Stoee.
"It is the custom." sald II. A. Stanhopeo
of Cape Town, South Africa, at the Ito
tel Victoria the other day, "each year to
sell the output iof the Kimberley fields to
the highest bidder. The diamonds are
sold at so much a carat, without refer
ence to the size of the stones. although
atones below a certain weight are not iun
the agreement. Obviously the larger the
stones, found the better it is for the pur
chlasr, for the value of a diamond in
creases enormously with each carat.
"This led to a most extraordinary ,e
currernco. Barney Barnato had the fields
one year, but Alfred Belit outbid him and
got them for the year foll wingi. The
fiul-t blast tired tirler the Ik-it manage
ment dislgstlgd the largest .diamond ever
foIund. It weighed over 900 carats in the
rough, and its value is simply incalcula
ble. If Iharnato had tired one more blast
before Isis lease was up. the diamond
would have become his. As it was, how
ever, it became the property of Alfred
Beit. It is said that the shah of Persia
is now negotiating for its purchase. if
he gets it, he'll have to put n mortgage
on a good slice of his empire to pay for
it. That one diamond was worth far
more than the entire yield troum the
fields for the previous year."
nslang Half a Centary Ago.
flazing at colleges aInld g, vertlnemnt
schools seems to be attracting uiiiiinusii in
terest just now. which makes interesting
this account of hazing at Yale in 1S45.
taken from a freshulan's letter written
at that time anid now pullished ia The
llarvard graduates' Magazine:
"I had a letter from - the other day
-they are having great times at Yale
plaguing the fresh. etc. That business is
carr ied on to a great extenit here. Malny
of the.poor fellows ha e been ducked
uinler the windows a dozen times, etc.
'lIhe greatest sport is to break into their
romts at nidtnight (a while party of
spihs at a tinme), make the scart fellow
get iup, mount the table in lhis shirt
sleeves. answer luestions in geography,
arithmeti,. Latin gra inuar, etc. (the siIm
p)olt pssible, so as to be stited to a
freshnman:i's co(. tpr.hhensionl), rend a little
(;reek a:d then, what is the greatest
trial, declaim. If he refuses to comt ply.
he receives a shower front his a uater pail
until ihe ubur its. If he anus\ er' well, hl.
is highly ic, plinitenlted and tlattredl a.id
politcly bid good night."
A Noble Clergyman.
There is but one marquis in the Britith
pe''ra e who is a ler,. gynant, :.il that is
the Maitrqlisi of Norrtany. Though heir
to an -arllon,. a Viscolullity. "a sc llde of
har,,ni,-_ and the marqui-atc, hi- I,,rd-hip
.was rontint for ve(er L)" yet is t work :s
a .nirate an wl vi.ar. Sillc h," suce. ,le d
his father in 1.!i) he lh- e-ve-rt turln'-l
part of hi, ancestral h;,me.r Milgrave cas
', W\Vhitby, into a schoul for hbeys. 'the
I' s I'hls family has earned c, siderable
fanme, one of them haviniug invented the
diving bell.
_ - _- -- ---.
IHOUSE I)ECOt'UATLUON.
ARTISTIC. COMFORTABLE AND APPRO
PRIATE FURNISHING.
A .eIninnuie'. Itoon--Henittb and
Tnter--trtiwtle 'I'retenlfnt For C'or
uer o" :i li" ing Ituomnu-IGlehant and
Inviing , Library Seat.
.A , ,nllingl'.s r'.- is a di-till't
hbin ranle I, tolite hlit live in it; ttbu
('o( r ttni Ittvts :liltd l tui rnit'r. r that
has a In' illt as" t 'ii 11 n c i" i st .iion.
a distinct h[tll. A.\rrd .li uipurt given
I _/ -
-·
J I
to a pitll lby" llt irr llrid t" frainlng
I linpliortant as that In the picture
It~Ilf. Sit jct and Ialkground should.
to use a colIoqluilll+in, angli together,'"
says 'tlhe Art Inter(chanige, in which
the fallowing a.lso, occurs:
it is inot at all necessary that unlim
lt d wa':ilth aul a knowledge of the
beautifull should go hand in hand. It
cannot he deni id that in many houses
where the income is limited the taste
exhlilbied In furniture and arrange
merints s very often superior. The
ppssession of money enables us no
doubt to Iby better articles, but we
cannot huy artistic perception, the
want of which no amount of rich or
massive furniture can hide. Indeed,
bad taste will be foundl in the houses
of the rich as In homes of far less pre
tensions.
For those who may not be gifted with
that innate perception of the good, the i
beautiful, the true, a careful study of
good models and perfect designs will
do much to remedy a defect which Is
very apparent in many houses.
In heautifying our homes to the best
of our means and abilities we act not
merely for ourselves, but we attempt
or should attempt to give our guests
and friends as much pleasure during
their temporary visits as we ourselves
enjoy, and our pictures and decorations
and furniture should be chosen to
please, not oneself, but all and sundry.
Let us use our taste, not merely for a
selfish gratification, but to g!':e some
share of the pleasure we feel ourselves
to our visitors and friends. This Is a
duty which Is expected from us and a
duty we ought to fulfill. C
IHere are shown examples of artistic
furniture into the making of which en
ters the question of taste rather than
cost. The first illustration, like its com
panion. is taken from an arrangemenr
of furniture in actuial existence and
shows an artistic treatment of a corner
without great expenditure of money.5
The employment of the large mirror.
simply framed, serves both a deco
rative and a useful purpose, and thei
plant, while adding to the attractive
ness of the corner, is so placed as to
get light from the window at the back.
It will be noted also that the chair is]
so placed as to get light for reading at
the back of the reader and at the same
time face the companion reclining onj
i the couch.
Th,' corner seat, bookshelves an |
writing tr:ble are simple In design, yet
would add to the attractiveness of a
living room or library. The finisbh
shounld be in harmony with the other
furnishings of the room and may be in
green stained oak with sage green cor
duroy cushions or in mahogany or cher
ry with crimson plush cushions. The"
mirror which is introduced above the
urshions at one end serves to lightenj
the corner by reflecting light and may"
ie omitted. if not needed, and a picture
used in place; also the maker will have
no difficulty in lengthening the end to
be of the same dimensions as the side,
seen bIeyond the table. Certainly, while
the services of a cabinet maker may be
COMFORTABLE COBiNER SEAT FOR I.IRARY.
retuuired in its construlltioln, when coI
pleted the owner will have a corner
seat of artistic dlei gn a:nd one not to
be scen dnpllieated inl IIlImany houses.
One ditliculty In carrying ovt any
decorative scIhmeri of artistic furnish
ing is that w~ cr,wd the room. The
error Is In c.tting too mnwuclI rather
than to little. The simplicity of fur
uishing in the, lilbrary euletiol ed gavo
to it an atIm itlhere of quiet and Ibeau
ty that \\ , it only refreshini but;
eri'iolng ii .t, restful, retin . intlhi
Sticklsini or searfpins of substanti't
charactcir, with large and heavy t:eads,
are thrtllt through the cro.iscd ends
of ribbon belta.
I - -