FIVE MINUTE TALKS.
NEWSY NOTES AND PEISONALS
Princess Park 'entertainment
- Metempsycnosis of the Itusi.
Besides the dying rose there grew
A daisy white that gently watched
As one by one its petals Iili,
And touched the tired flower with dew.
All night the daisy tanned the rose,
ibut when the sun, with casid breath,
Did kiss the color from its bloom
She rosegrewiaintmon ragrant death.
Then while I watched the last leaf lorn
To snowy whiteness change and fall,
I saw the rose-soul gently pass
Into a da~ey bud new born:
And lo the breaking light of day
The new born flwer in pink revealed
The sell same hue the rose had worn
Jietore its Goom the sunklas sealed.
a0"
Landscape Garden:ng at the ran-American.
Maurice Newton writes very interest.
ingly of landscape gardening of the Pan.
American biposition. He says: "The
charactertzit g intpresslon of the landscape
*a'dening of the Exposition is toat it flits
so intimately Into the architectural scheme
of the Exposition that one might tall to
iscognisse it as the work of a separate art.
+ " " In the landscape architecture is
one of the Exposition's most significant
points of interest. As, apart fron. its few
failures and its many sucoeoces, this
Exposttion marie an Important revival for
America of the architecture and the color
of the Reasissance; so, also. It is a long
needed recognition of the value of land
sespe architecture, the third great master
rart ct the Aenalasance. The art of
landscape garaening, that reached the
greatest perfection around the Chateau
sad the Motel de Nille of Louie XIX, went
oat of sxistence with Lout. XVI.
The first half ot4*e present rectangular
plat, from the Water Gate to the Fore
4eurt, was the beginning of Delaware
Park, BLiWlo's beautiful city part. That
was, as it Is now, a stretch of well kept
wOedlard with a road taking the general
ouree otthe chain of natural lakes that
4mpty, a mile to the westward, Into Lake
&rie. The sky line of the main group of
Expesition buildings can be seen from the
ecuth shore of the lakes. Beyond the
terrace there are, on the right, the group
41 Btats and foreign bailluings that look as
if they hrg been rained Into position, and
n tWe kit surrounding the Woman's
BuildIng an extensive fower garden.
seend this region then stretches from
oet to west the lagoons, crossed at their
warow Jesning by the huse monumental
bridge. Surroundlag the Fountain of
.Abeadnes are bread embroidery beds of
w £ iwera with oceesional deep hued
wVpresses, and here and there a bit of
sealatare. * * * Alter the canal leaves
tb. legeaea with their varlegate4 shores It
basemes a simple sad orthodox water way,
'es@aa blaw, rustieste masonry wails
MM red Irtn rails. Through its course it
uader eight brlduies of simple, short
low, heavy balustrades, sad sculp
mermentations ea the corner piers."
Iotes
notes
=!e largest balding ever ereoted was
Ail tUUWsrary structure knewa as the
Umsabretres and Liberal Arts Building
.i th~melambasa xpBesitos, Chicago. is
1W Msht wide, 1,07 fees lon, 23 feet
bh ese3ered3)Jaes, and had s! seres
space, incluldig galleries.
huiel C Oilmas, preeldeat John Hop.
Qaftreesiy, diecuseed the query: "Is
set danger that we read sec much
hinkte littieP" Ys said: "ragi is
t40fs Uaearegletam" Bere in our cfts
ha half a maiesn volumes l. mght ci
L A spleadid free library,
1ts breaehee througheut the city.
ready to satiesy all cravings in their
walle the Iltest addition l5 the
'slibrary parveving bheoo.Ina
ham amilkmas.
a and of a erase that has gotten
at the pepe-It's a dangerous habit
$ aetelant. We are all is great
of reading too much.
A Is time "said Dr ilfesa, gihat
a professorship of what to
hew to read." Ihe doctor gives
advice:
I o ad toe much.
y the art of thiaking.
Use your heeds and enlarge your
by the use of the microscope.
'Queries.
Whet made Alared Milmer a Lard?
154 Goldemath say of making Lorde I
aa Wht estlene did Vie Presiden t
*ISt saeer ina l Paa-Amerlean
many eadets were recently
Ama West Point and ior what
£ Faiesd's Gardee
Bge baedere of pinks, and troets
while sad sweet; there are I
MO ESOel dr'osa stan at d
ate "rssr, res all the way." I
et the esasen sad the latest 1
ur@ Ihe now varieies sadte e 1
* emmaes an and reetve the
M And when the dead dl Ia
have come and garm 1
b with ialess sraglhag
thi6 , es - i swase sad coo
sai kagrana. It oems net to I
a esM, but a perenisal
I as diresnt from other s
s ase ssores? Picaty of
Wit? Well, maybe ms, bet
tits game has acre to do
1 prhaps. ahe has early d
ken the window. sad a
Re wild Sowere about the I
Inhe r heme se is palm. >i
ahest meny things.
h aIst ee t w e a
si svg~ tcc weary ivy a
et , sreand tatlelse . gv
Sheknowsthat they cannot 8furish in a
dry impoverished soil, and she gives them
food and moisture.
The secret of success in other things as
wlI as in gardens, Is first a love for them
and then an inteligent knowledge of their
requirements.
Remarkable Memory Shown by Young
Canaries
"St Andressberg people know nothing of
the canary of the encyclopaedia, which can
imitate perfectly the nightingale, or even
enunciate some words in imitation of the
human voice," aeclaree 1 Ia Shaper loxie,
in telling about St Andreseberg, "The
Singing Village of Germany," in The
ladles' Bome Journal for August. '"The
birds of one breed, subjected to the samne
ii fluences, have songs that vary with the
throat muscles atd vocal chords of each
individuai. But so remarkable is the
canary memory that a bird bred to a
certain song it ramoved from the cage in
which he has heard it from his parent,
when six weeks old, will later, when he
himself begins to sing, give the same
song though never havipg heard it in the
intervening period."
eve
rriseess rark Cstertaismest
A throng of pleasure seekers tilled the
beautiful part grounds last Wednesday
evening, some to enjoy the concert and
promenades, and others tie dance. The
proceeds amounted to $Jio, boa will be
used in making a concrete walk from the
gate to the pavilion. It seems to me that
the soolety girls might well take this up
as their work for the park, and give series
of estertainments for that purpose. For
it was in consideration for the dainty
sllpDered feet that tee uresident of the
Park Assoolatiou, Mrs J Bryan Ardis,
proposed to have a concrete walk around
the pavilion. Throngh the kindness and
public spirit of Mr Beattle Johnson, chair
man ef street improvement committee, a
donation was secured for that purpose, I
which has already given delight to hun. I
dreds.
Take up the matter young ladies, and I
aki the Park Association in securing I
funds for the much needed walk. It will
take five hundred dollars.
**
Seed is Tout Orders
A young friend and neighbor who is a
lover of flowers, has rooted a dozen slips
of that beautiful, rare exotio, the Night
Blooming Cereuspompla, mother's hand
some plant. He watches his young plants
with zealous oars, givias them sun and
water when heeded, and is rewarded with
sucoess.
We@
Barbecue at Blasche.d
Os Wednesday, August 7. the Woodmen
*f the World gave a barbecue at Blaaehu
ard, which was a great sucoese. A large
crowd was present to eujoy the exoelleat
dinner and partiolpate in the festivittee of
the day. Use of the chief amusements
was dancleg. The day paseed most pleas
antly and tht Woodmea barbecue will
less be rememoer as a delightful occa
sions
Mart iages
On Sunday. August 4. Mr W T Monk.
heuse and Mlls damnah i Flowers were
married at toe residenee of Mr GA Fory,
at Midway, by Rev U W Smith. The bride
as a charming young lady aud the groom is
one of the beet citizens of Caddo parish.
Mais Zama A Beets and Mr Z 0
6rutce&Iold of Lufkls, Texas, were mar
rios Monday afternoon at the reeldense of
the bride Ia this city by Rev CL Joee,
The happy couple will reelde ia Lurkin,
Texas, where Mr Orutabs*ld Is engaged in
buelsees.
On Monday might Mis 3 F Henderson
amd Mr 8 J Armstrong, architect, were
married by Rev B J Harp, at the bride's
residence, Ia this city.
Mr and Mrs Armstrong left soon after
the earemsey for Bufalo, and will spend
everal weeks Zaet before returning home.
We coagratulate Mr sad Mrs Lee Swor
*yq r the arrival of a twelve.pcusd boy on
Thureasy, the 8th of August.
Mrs Jewets left Friday might for a short
visit to Houston, rexas.
[t may be of interest to the many friends
of Mias Amanda Howell to learn that she
has recent y moved fromn her old home, and
ie now most pleasantly located in her
sew home, 1206 Texas avenue.
Mier Lizzie Fory. seoom,,aned by her
uncle, H B Fory, leave tonight for Timp
son, Texau. where she will remain for
ewo weeks vsliting her seat and uncle.
Mrs Tom Herren and children leave
tomorrow for Emerses, Ark, to visit
relatives.
The home of Mr mad Mrs Henry D La
Consett was gladdened last Tuesday mora..
lag by a bright little stranger wh we large
blue eyes and black wavey hair Is admired
by many visitors. We wish for Henry L,
Jr, a lsag Ite of prosperity and happianss.
Dr and Mrs W L Dieksaa are enjoying a
visit to Bfhfalo sad will remarm until Sep
tember 1.
Mrs Eugeae HiRbette and Mrs John
Land, Jr. left yeeterday ter the coast of
Georgia, where they will remain until
Ustober 1.
Mrs Will Neiesn has returned home
atter a pleasant visit to her mother in
laeegeehbee, Texas.
Mrs W ) Jehnsoe and little daughte-.
Ala, left yeessrday to visit her slater in
Heuston.
Miss Laura LaCoesett is visiting her
mother in Cajllernsa.
rersoeal.
Mrs Walter Marbirg entertained at
laser lass Thursday Misses Lavinia Egar,
dary Land. Claudia BDiif sad Amita
Earburg. This hospitality is as annual
king in Mrs Marburg's pleesant home.
te bring these bar friends together once
I year, haen they sass back area their
rgesjasd tbatthey may reesent the pest
ade 'e aka tuters, and aerOy the haurs
a asthey please, is the pleasure of theil
m lovely hnsters, ant ',the day" is an ever
remem'ered cnjoymnent.
as Judge A D Land has returned from a six
m weeks' sojourn in Colorado. looking much
ir rested and improvel by hbs trip. I
Miss Mary E Lan I is speL ting a few
days at Hynson's Springs.
Judge and Mrs Blanchard and Mrs Ash
ton Blanchard left Saturday for a visit to
the Eilxposition and the lakes.
of Mrs Lowry and Mrs Cade of Benton, who
in were Mrs B anchard's guests for a few
"n days, have returned home.
ie Mrs L C Mc'e ,y of the State Normal
e, School, arrived Saturday from Minden,
ie where she was engaged in bummer Normal
1e work, and is the guest ot Mrs L J Alcocke.
1e Mr C H Mings, Jr, who arrived last
te week from New Orleans, will take a post
1e tion in the popular firm, Ar se A Co, as
h the chief "cotton man." Success to Mr
t Ming
The teachers are rejoicing at the delayed
n oDening of school. September is a trying
. month, and it was a well considered action
1e on the part of the beard to postpone thr
1 opening to zeptember 23.
e Mrs Aycack of Ruston came over Friday
to see little Merle Eigene Hicks, who is
extremely ill, and is the guest of Dr and
Mrs Hicks.
e Miss Lillian Dingle, who accompanied
y Mrs J"D Wilkinson to Siloam Springs,
d Ark, returned home Friday morning much
e pleased and Denefited by the fresh moun
tain air of the Ozarks and the waters of
e Siloam Springs.
t Mrs W R White left Fre'ay mrning for
p her home in McAlester, I T, alter a most
s pleasant visit with her brother, Mr B A
r Smith, of this city.
y
" STEAMER ON A ROPE.
fI Towing of Boats Through the Irean
d Gates of the Danube.
- For centuries the navigation on the
a Danube, the largest river of Europe
, next to she Volga, was greatly ham
i* pered by the so called Iron Gates, a
celebrated defile In the river at the con
d fines of Hungary, Servia and Rou
g mania. At this place the river is cross
1 ed from shore to shore on a length of
about 8,000 feet by rocky masses, and
many a ship went aground in the Iron
Gates, which always had been a terror
to all navigators. It is the mos' mag
a nificent and greatest river defile In the
a whole of Europe. During the years of
1890 to 1896 a scheme was carried out
here which involved immense difficul
ties. A canal 275 feet wide and 7
1 feet deep was cut through the rocks of
the Iron Gates. No less than 14,000,000
cubic feet of rocky masses had to be
blasted, and more than 50,000,000 cubic
feet of stone and earth had to be ex
cavated. A great number of dams, of
a combined length of 35,000 feet, had
to be built to protect the canal. The
expenditure for this work amounted to
tpbout 12,000,000 florins. Since the com
f pletion of this canal the navigation on
I the river has steadily increased, and
thousands of steamers and barks now
I sail every year down to the Black sea.
One drawback, however, remained.
The current in the Iron Gates is Im
mense, averaging from 14 to 18 feet
per second, and it was especially diffi
cult for the heavily laden ships te
steam up stream through the gates or
t to tow the barges against the current.
, It was therefore decided to bued a
i special wire rope steamer for the pur
l pose of towing ships through the de
file. The steamer was built at Buda
pest and has recently been put on the
river. The Vasapu, as the steamer is
named, is entirely built of steeL It
has a length of 1,836 feet, is 25% feet
broad, its draft being 5.44 feet. It is
divided into nine water tight compart
ments and has a double bottom, so
that even in the case of a serious acci
dent the vessel will not sink. A wire
rope 20,000 feet in length and almost
one foot In diameter, having a resIst
ance of 84 tons, is strongly anchored
to a rock at the upper end of the gates
at the bottom of the river bed. This
rope, or cable, runs over a drum In
stalled on board the steamer. The ves
sels to he taken up stream are towed
toward tie steamer, and the cable ls
then drawn around the drum by means
of a steam englne of 300 horsepower.
The wii-e rope vessel has, in a~ddtlon,
two other engInes, so as to eniable her
to run Independent of the cable. Each
of these two engines has a capsclty of
250 horsepower. The speed of the
steamer with two loaded vessels of 600
tons in tow is 1.3 miles per hour when
sailing against the cugrent and be
tween four and five mIles per hour
when going down stream. The steam
er has also been equipped with a pow
erful dynamo, which furnishes electric
light 'and feeds a searchlight.
Oldest ReIgalms Family.
The birth of an heir to the crown
prince of Japan adds another lInk to
what is undoubtedly the oldest reign
ing family in the world. The Japane'
themselves claim that after endless
ages passed in higher spheres it be
gan its earthly career with the first
human monarch in the year a0;0 B. C.
With all deductions, however - and
Japanese history does not become a
record of solid facts till the fifth or
sixth century A. D.-the moniarchy is
of unparalleled antiquity. Of course
the succession has by no means fol
lowed the strict rules which Europe
considers necessary for legitimacy.
Many mlkados, even down to quite re
cent times, have been the sons of con
cubines, and others have been adopted
from a remote branch of the family.
But in one way or another the succes
sion has been carried on from the dawn
of history. It is a proud record, and
there is little wonder that veneration
for the reigning family is about the
strongest religious feeling which Ja
pan exhibits.-London Chronicle.
Subscribe for
The Caucasian
ir OcpkqCA:OOOOOQOOO
r
THE NEW
WOMAN...
0
Ey Eliza
0
Archrd Cornner.
No matter how ilesp~erately had oft
we are, whin thini. reaih the worst
it and w'e hale Lgonr illite to the button
of the litl4der t I ire alwavs w ili cm ne a
turn in our furtunls to give its a iioist
r p again. All " I:h e to do Is to hing
ton faithful :Ind tioe :,d do our best
with the light wii hare. A lIdy now
worth a hundri d thousand and getting
richer all the titne wholly through her
° own brave brain and will less than 2(1
years ago was so destitute that she
wickedly meditated suicide. I do not
know what she would have (lone had
there not been a change, but just in the
nick of time iaine to her an offer of
work, paying enottgh to keep her soul
I within its itody. She grasped it as one
sinking in a quicksand grasps a rope,
and from that tuiotent she went up the
road magnitiiieitly. 'There was another
t woman I know of, with no genius, no
trade and no bread. She had not even
r money to pay for a week's lodging. She
t was fairly ragged, she was so poor. It
L was proposed to her that she try to sell
corsets to ladies in their hornes. She
caught the suggestion instantly and be
gan tier weary rounds. A number of
names was given to her. One lady
would commend her to others, so she
wkiened her acquaintance, kept up
heart of grace and trudged on. She
happened to possess without having
known it previously the selling faculty,
wwhich she developed as one who e liv
ing depends on it. Now she has y pret
ty flat in New York, dresses handsome
ly and is able to earn all she needs by
taking orders for corsets in private
houses. Corsets have done one woman
good anyhow.
good anyhow.
There is always something you can
do to earn your living and do well.
Find out what it Is.
It is not an exhibition of your great
heart to worry yourself ill over some
body you love. It is only an exhibition
of your weak head.
It is gratifying to read that the best
speech at the recent meeting of the
Georgia Lawyers' association was made
by a woman, %frs. J. R. Terrell,
Ex-Sultan Murad, the deposed ruler
of Turkey, says it was to escape the
disgust and boredom caused him by the
ignorant, squabbling women of his ha- a
rem that he took to drink and thus lost
his throne. Just so. "The woman that
thou gayest me" did it, she did.
At last wage earning women who do
manual work have established a union.
It is under the wing of the Internation
al Union Labor league, and its object
Is to secure fixed bours of work, more
freedom and bt tu r accommodations.
especially for girls and women who are
house servants. Girls in domestic serv
ice founded the organization, but all
working women will be admitted. The
name of the society is the Working Wo
men's Union of America, and its head
quarters are in Chicago.
A philosopher comments lugubriously
on the fact that no women have invent
ed any toys for children, though from
being with children so much it might
naturally be expected the first object
they would turn their constructive gen
ius to would be something to amuse
young ones. The fact is that women
who have been pinned down taking
care of children all their lives naturally
flee away anywhere to get relief from
them.
"And that ye study to be quiet," says!
St. Paul.
In the old town of Augsburg, kava
na. August Riedinger is a maker of
balloons. Rather oddly, he employs
only women in his factory. Perhaps
he has a fancy for the sex or perhaps
he can get women cheaper. At any
rate, Herr Riedinger affirms before all
mankind that women, because of their x
skill, manual dexterity and decision of
mind, are better at balloon manufactur
ing than men and that by reason of the t
same qualities they are superior aero- w
nauts. When Archduke Leopold visit- a
ed the Riedinger factory, women ex- to
plained to him the construction of air- to
ships, and women balloonists took him
for a trip in one. th
The women of Mont Clare, a suburb ac
of Chicago, have formed a fire brigade, of
of which Mrs. 0. E. Eames and Miss
Harriet Sayre are captain and assistant a
marshal. The company will be drilled a
and prepared to fight fire In daytime, if fu
when the men of the town are nearly th
all away one sho ild suddenly burst do
forth.
I It I tit
Women are not half so helpless ac
physically or mentally as they think la
they are and, what is worse, often ap- W
pear to enjoy thinking they are. in1
Almost the best thing I have read In thb
five years on the woman question is fa]
that report of the Chicago physicians is
who examined 300 young women can- pit
didates for teachers in the public we
schools. They were graduates of the fat
normal college and the doctors said: bit
"We have never before found so many wi
women physically perfect. They are rat
singularly free from nervous disorders of
and weakness of the eyes." The girls wt
had athleti.2 training during tIeir col- fei
le course. . di
FALL STYLES IN DRESS.
Chene Silk. W1hit,. Tun!e and Lace
Are Imiptrttant inctirn.
Nr\\ 1 oi:1. A M 1_ .\ fi- t', ordial
fangc lais bteen* I li l d in iii1 jimak
i1_ tip of the w et leantl i ll , silk
in its delicate and auie l.g n and
colorting. and this Cofiint, iii 1ving
the whole gown ecver d wiih white
tulle. Malines iigirt also be mls. as
the effect would bt afiut the satme.
Tie ill tt rat tim , !m i, s hiw tit subject
1 is treated andf wuat a d:ijiniy result is
t athiev ti. TIi dit'm ss is math of the silk
in a soft desiii of larift gower de-lace
a with the natural folil:. A futince
about eight inches is sit oi tlit, lottomi.
ant the fulle is gatherer] :t the top of
it it and brought around anlti nder the
f flouf1e in a sort of puff. ()vt-r the rest
of the skirt there is an ovtrskiit of the
t tulle with rows of ftie valenciennes in
11 settion at intervals all arount i . At the
bottom, which is sialloped, there is one
row of insertion and a rutle of lace to
t match. The waist and sleeves are
e made and trimitmed to match, and the
belt and a drapery at the left side are
i1 made of a wide ribbon in the darkest
e shade found on the flower represented
on the silk. The belt is made by hav
e lug two rows of the ribbon brought
r around to give it the effect.
° Lace as a factor In woman's wear is
to be even greater than ever, and so
e many of the new designs intended for
I fall and even winter are made all of
I lace that one cannot go amiss in get
ting such a gown for a best home or
evening dress. Gulpure Is one of the
favorite laces when used as trimmings.
and very many handsome tea gowns
and other garments are entirely of
piece lace and made separate so that
they can be slipped over a lining in the
same shape of some favorite color.
Some of the lace gowns of this descrip
tion have two or three different color
ed linings, so that, with ribbons to
match each different lining, one has a
variety. The point d'esprit and some of
the figured nets, and In fact there are
many kiads of all over lace, all of
which are good for the purpose. The
point d'esprit nets perhaps give the
best satisfaction for general use, and
when properly made and trimmed with
light lace ruffles and insertion nothing
could be prettier. And one advantage
with a lace dress Is that It can be
worn all winter if need be, while none
of the other delicate and flimsy cotton
gowns can be.
Among the materials which can be
worn In all seasons we find the wool
etamines in faint and delicate shades
and tints. These, trimmed with heavy
ecru and string shades of linen gui
pures, will be much liked, and these
will also be suitably trimmed with
Persian braldings or lace.
Skirts, always saving tt a pedestrian
skirts, will be longer than ever and
very flaring around the bottom. One
N Ai
t~it
_ t
AILS AND TULLE COSTUME.
curious thing is that the Empress Eu
genie styles and the Louis XV and
XVI fashions are in direct opposition,
and both are somewhat in evidence,
and yet both modified to fit the ideas of
today. In one place we will find the
wide flounced skirt' and bell sleeve,
and in another decided coats belonging
to the time of one or the other of the
Louis. The rich and picturesque pom
padour silks are employed to make
these coats, with white satin for vests,
and these all edged with narrow but
exquisite embroidery in colors. Some
of the long dress coats and evening
wraps are beyond belief, so elaborate
and so fussy they are. Deep ruffles of
lace are put on them, and these still
further ornamented by applications of
the tiniest figures in cretonne, sewed
down with silver or gold thread. These
tiny bouquets of cretonne are called
penpadour. The flowers, small as they
are, are perfect. They are applied on
lace and also on velvet, silk panne and
wool. The fancy promises to develop
Into a fad before this season Is done.
I noticed yesterday quite a number of
the new plaid woolens intended for the
fall and winter trade, and, sisters, fall
is not so very far away now. These
plaids are twilled and in the finest
wool and with somewhat rough sur
faces and much blue and green in coin
bination. The blue is of the dark shade,
with a violet cast, and the green of a
rather bright shade. A few have a line
of red or yellow and white, so that the
whole reminds one of some shown a
few seasons ago. yet they are widely
different and will please.
_______ OLIVE H.ARPER.
9 O9--9O-O9oo9o9
Fashions
..FOR..
Children
1Vhln the littl Wi -,,"t their new
fall ilin ts on, it will l. n c - art to
look for them like ftI na .,dle in the
lmayst k that w' hate aiwas heard
of, for these honn.t. surpoi a :i} thing
of the kind that I have tmr somn. They
are so hig and so commplilatr' l that one
scarcely knows what to mali the pec ial
stele. Some shown mn today ware so
conVoluted and twisted aid tortured
into different shales that I could not
keep the surgical Iescription of a "com
pound. comininuted friature" out of
my mind. These are all that and more.
The silk is of rich and always beautiful
faille, and this is shirred so that the
shlrrings make the crown, and where
the gathers are put in there are full
ruehes of crepe lisse. The frill to the
bonnets is about three inches wide.
and the edge Is stiffened, so there Is
where the convolutions come In. The
frill is made double over the forehead
and is In some cases lined with pale
tinted silk, but is always edged with
the crepe lisse frillings, or really ruch
Ings, since the edges are curled under.
There is a false plume made of chiffon
set on the top of the bonnet, and some
of them have two and three. These
match the face lining. The frills are
just four times as long as the size of
the bonnet at the face. Ribbon strings
are tied In a big bow under the chin.
Some have capes and others have none.
I shall mention but one in detail. This
Is for a child of 3. There is a diamond
shaped and stiffened crown of pale blue
china silk, and around this is a soft
trill of the same between one and two
Inches wide. This stands out all around
the crown. The body of the bonnet is
of brown silk tucked closely. The frill
in front is most ample and made of
brown silk lined with the blue, and di
rectly along the edge is a row of ecru
lace applique. On the top Is a looped
bow of brown double faced satin rib
bon. Strings are of the same. The size
of the bonnets is so disproportionate
that they are almost ridiculous. Yet
when I saw a rosy little face in one
I was Instantly converted.
The two pictured bits of bonnets are
made one of gray velvet and the other
of gray felt, and both are trimmed
with chiffon, the velvet one having
pink chiffon and the felt pale blue and
also white. White plumes also deco
rate it on the crown, and there Is a
funny bunch of doubled silk and two
plumes, both white. One Is laid across
the crown, and the other Is brought
down the side of the bonnet. Strings
of pale blue finish what is certainly a
remarkable production. This is very
inappropriately called a Galnsborough.
The other bonnet has the brim raised
1 t
high and the front set with chiffon
pHsse, and It is also edged with an
elaborate ruching of the same. On the
outside of the bonnet is an Immense
panache of loops. A short cape of the
velvet holds a bow of pink ribbon like
that on the top. A,
We may as well talk a little about the
rest of the children's attire. White
muslin frocks for the tiny tots will al
ways be the best, but they are so fine
and so daintily made that they come
too expensive for anything but best.
For every day ginghams and like goods
are employed. There are three dis
tinct styles of shapes for dresses for
very small children. One Is the French
shape, which comes down over the hips
very low, and the Mother Hubbard
shape for children under 7. Besides
these is the regular baby waist shape,
and this is the most useful of the
three, for it can be worn by children of
8 as well as by the baby.
For outdoor wear for fall there wil'
be some of the prettiest little coats than
have ever bin made. Some are ot
velvet, others of rough wool and more
of the ribbed velutina, which is suct
excellent stuff to wear.
I like little boys better than I do girls,
and so I will not forget them, as too
many do. One suit for a boy of 5 or 4;
is of navy blue velutina, in sailor style.
The big collar was of white linen, and
the deep cuffs matched. Russian blous
es are still in style for small boys. One
of bluish gray has the stitching on the
inevitable sailor collar, done in strap
ping of white. The belt is also white.
This kind of suit is handsome, com
fortable and dressy for boys. There are
military overcoats for the little follows
made of blue, with velvet collar and ca
puchin hoods. The eagle must roost on
the left sleeve, or no boy would want
It, Another handsome overcoat for
boys Is called the little duke. It is of
very dark melton or cloth, and down
the front is a wide strip of black as
trakhan. with fancy black silk frogs.
The cuffs and collar are of the astra
than. It is a fine coat. The size is so
adjusted that the bottom of the coat
reaches just to the knees.
H ENBIETTt -ROUSS00