THE CAUCASIAN.
Official Journal of the
City of Shreveport.
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 18, 1903.
"QUITE ENOUGH OF BRYAN."
S "It must be evident to the supporters
of William Jennings Bryan--the writer
was one of them in the campaigns of
- 6 -;.llj6JB so~t bt the.Nebraskan has
i i: ". i'nto a political marplot and
.p-...- . O whom the country is grow
'`:uia" l:, a y tired. The Bryan of today is
t;n the Bryan of eight years ago. Then
Swas t.le temper and per
sera f slo, but having been
a wo -presidential elections he
0. 'a man with a grievance' and
m 1. .t ate appetite for revenge. He be
or pretends to believe, that every
who did not blindly follow his
m-acial. theory should be driven out of
tic party, especially Grover
paod those closely associated
e . we have already remarked, the
party is getting tired of Mr.
aiaidliberate mischief mak
' 'tei` oped that when the
tojanal. Convention is
will uipped overboard and
~g nu tw ity to 'organise a party
, t is as certain as
tot the Democratic
ough~of Mr. Bryan,
is no long
in mak
no crDpo cy othat has
n end we are
i roost at his
ofy o 1904 will
frightening."
GL(ZtELAND.
aiI temper, as indi
itie'Ntw Or
evident
e six mil
pombine
and than
-i i .the great
. for Bry
eiathe sse
ft 'tih
i y. hor
Witweting
wae quinte
u ýS
thiliata
sq~l
1 evr
-rA A
can negro population included in the
basis of representation for white Demo
cratic conventions-without the right of
a primary voice in the selection of offi
cials-we can truly say: 'Gentfemen, if
you are Democrats. you have some of
the - methods of any Democrats
we know."
A FAMILY PASS.
Ewing S. Glasscock, a farmer, near
Harrisburg, Ill.. who saved a Big Four
train from being wrecked, has received,
in acnowledgement of his services, a pass
for himself and family, good oi any
branch of the system, for ninety-nine
years, but as nothing is said about it be
ing transferable or bequeathable, it is
feared that the family's limit will expire
before that of the pass does, and the
memmbers won't really get their money's
worth.-New Orleans States.
And what more could they want-the
round, round earth? To secure "a pass"
on a railroad or to a show some men
would sell their birth-right for "a mess
of potash"-beg pardon, "a pass."
TURNED CAR OVER.
Seeper eo the Momon Struck and Ten
Passager. lnjured.
Frmntord, Ind., March 18.-A south
bound passenger train on the Monon
railroad was in a wreck at Cyclone, a
small town six miles south of here. The
last sleeper on the train turned over
and another sleeper and day coach
were damaged, while the passengers
were shaken up and ten of them re
eelved scalp wounds and bruises, but
all were able to continue their way.
Cyclone is the meeting point of the
southbound and northbound night
trains. The southbound train was the
lrst to get to i Cyclone and fobad a
freight on the siding. The freight: wa
as long that all the passenger train
:couir not get on the aiding, leaving
half of it on the main track. A heavy
,bg'prevalled and a brakeman from the
passenger train was sent ahead to flag
the northbound train. The brakeman
(carried a red ,lantern. but did not get
the signal to the northbound crew,
and the engineer, seeing the headlight
at the freight train on the siding, mis
took it for the passenger engine and
started to run by.- His engine struck
the' sleeper "Alabama" and- turned, it
over on its side. One of the trucks of
the sleeper "Nicodea" was knocked
tfrom eader the car. The northbound
engine was damaged.
Phyateiano looked after the ten
wounded passengers.
80OUSED :WITH :WATERi
A t. pt t fr eOo-k iesm *$t - S.pe*
geo .r. wes VitsIa. .'.eyr.
Slerbur ,r: Va.; Mrech 18.--The
hiaimore and Ohio rallroad,,.lalmti
the right under an ordinaane adope
Ia I , -braought a - tee of men' Into
town before daylight and began to lay
tmac for ave blocks over one of the
prileipal streets of the city. The po
likes .ad been notled ef their coming
and had Iees lastructed to call: o th.e
Ire department I.tas attempt wv-e
made to layr track. The:- epartmgena
reenond.d and poured suel a stream
of water on the men that they ahban
doaed theustreete
A clien occurred between the iayoer,
who I attorney for the Baltimore a.s
Ohi.t Ai the city council The mayor
hlad tdirete thlpolie chd Are depart
ment not tolterere with th i building
l the track, but 4the council ioontr
mnedead his orderw aAd the'department
stood with the council and eltisena
Pallowing the" exotte nt :the city
eo eldl held a special :meeting, :at
wbeb Impeackmeat proeetdings were
besgur aganlst Mayor Vanderrert. iHe
as supentded from , .iee and instnc
tion proceeding begun is the circuit
Cont. Calls were Issued for men to
potect the street from any further in.
Eisrence and hundreds responded.
RAILROAD MATTERS. '
iht Tstasorkaoe to aiuta onEa aome
Will vtis Ounte.
outline, okia., March'it.-Thi sr
ef laying steel on the Prico .'-18 ile
exteanlon trom Tules, 1. ., to ma.d;
Mkla., will begin this week, and rtrais
will be ia opnratiO oa tBhat' liae by
July 8. This portiona is a through line
fro mNew Orleans to Denver.
The cttises of GOathrle hve-been
tatlaed by Presiadent Rosb .at the
aty road that he will visit th,. t
between March 20 and 85, at which
tAme it is to bhe deter_ ed by h:m
Whether the Katy will tug sokwest 1
from Guthie through a Ileab Lute
lasgow, Me -The ha.edk
Ut was lauhased. Crowda gathered at
epealet asebrs anri *#i 'le tl
eel eheano la tcheer
vilere phUaedA j lnutheone
m-..ee ta l Yr t.t
: e1 o.. _ e
.1 rl~ sct
STATUS ISUNCHA
Mssi stppi ftvl a - t O N ans a l
Tuesday Stationary.
PATROL TRAIN GONE.
The Mississippi faltey aihviay (nom,
pany Started Out One From the
Pelican State Metropolis
to Baton Rouge.
New Orleans, March 18.-The river
here continued stationary yesterday.
The morning reading was 19.2 feet,
from which there has been practically
no variation since Saturday last. T'he
weather is clear. City embankments
are constantly being improved and a
thorough inspection of the front from
Southport to the barracks shows no
points of danger. News of the breaks
of the levee above St. Francis and at
Bougere caused some disappointment,
since the effect is likely to be a pro
longation of the period of high water
here. People who returned from the
break below Pointe a la Hache say the
break there is of little consequence.
The country is barren and no serious
damage will be done.
The Mississippi Valley road started
out a patrol train which ran between
Baton Rouge and New Orleans. Ther:
is a magnificent stretch of levee be
tween these two points, which protects
some of the most valuable sugar plan
tations in the state. Every effort is
being made to hold it, and men and
'material have been distributed along
it in abundance.
IS DEPLORABLE.
uandreds of Memphis People Have Had
to: Vacate Their Homes.
.Memphis, March 181-.The ri'ver :.is
slowly falling here, the gauge register
lng '39.4 feet, against 39.7 Monday
nlght The break in. the levee- near
Hollybush, twenty miles north of here,
!fsaresponsible for the fall at Memphis.
The- revasse is three-quarters of a
inile' wide and the water is rushing
through with a roar that can be heard
for miles. The whole .oa St. Francis
baSin will be flooded and incalculable
damage done. No other 'breaks have
been reported, but ,everal weak spots
are being watched by engineers. At
Memphis the flood situation is growing
more seriois. In the; northern part of
the city hundreds o fbmilies have left
their homes fqbr highground and every
industry is shut down. Street carr,r
xice has been. abaPqnd~ :.Is -South
Memphis the water is threatening all
railroad tracks and hyndreds of, labor
era are. working there... .
'The Yazoo anq. M.sissippi.: Valley'
railroad is the worst, affererfrom the
od.d, the tracks ,being partly under
water for miles. Through train service
has. been annulled.., The Illinois Cen
tral has experienced some diflcuity at
Auction street,. but. the: tracks have
been 'cribbed" and traffic is moving as
usual.
Many appeals for" help are coming in
from, flood sufferers, and the Sunshine
society of this city has established a
refugee camp, where all-unfortunates
are cared for.
ISWEPT AWAY.
ehse. Miles of the .We , a . Facdft Em.
bainkmnat Are tone.
Natchez, Miss.,, March p $.--The
Watter .of the river, "ich, broke over
the embaakments of Bougere levee in
-lower Concordia parish, thirty-five
miles below Vidalia, hfve swept ,aay
thre' miles of the ftteen foot em
lbTnkment of the Texts' and Pacific
i llWa, and the oUith~rn', pottion qf
of Bfugere levee h'tUett'iin for' over
' mfile. A tremeiddii' volfiine . of
*wr is'pouring through this cievasse
rto the country -behind it: ' eery ef
fort is being. mad to prevent further
a .. . fL a idditial ..otdc `*e' tare*
tih a to stake the ends- o ~ .the
oblaen levee with, sacks f ' dirt:
, j9acuse levee, !Whefh affords pro
teti~tn for Vidalia, is being; strength
steena rapidly as podsible.
Situation Tuesday.
WaPhington, March 18.-At Mem
~ .i the gauge showed 39.4, or 11 feet
aovie the high water stage of 1898, Be.
lowrHelena, t rk., situation /is tun
.aged. At Vilcksbrg it was 49 feet,
rie of two feet, while at New Or,
it was stationary , , 19.2 .feet.
trlbutpies oenst~i .to rise,
Su1trvport gauge5,rec,rdin 3.9;, egt.
O qriver is failing except- at i- 4 ..
Sf.-.. ]Deerta Is IFmanat ,;._ - i,
r? ' k Springs, Wyo., miaob 488-RBd
bd1setIs inundated foraizmiiqseasatof
Reek Spriags, and the salt' wells and
ftl ' dtation is Coiapletely under
Wa t Large quraanltted of eesuplies
blongng to the Belgo e aeritan
ragtempanf' harve been rined ori
sPtaw Watbiebtt ed tom ugaslat
fi-nL .. Pacioe embankment to ;the'
-epo twenty feet.
BILL VETOED. -.
r°k atmeed}. Measure.' ;
ivetoed the bill pi
Wthe es alshment of a home
CHARTER
Of 1 he ... K. He iersq .rLw Works
. at n u ivrnpa Limi, d
State of Louisiana, Parish of Caddo:
Be -it knoavn. that this day before me,
E. B. Ilernlnotn; a ncotAry public in and
for said parish and State, duly appoint
ed and qualified, and in the presence of
witnesses hereinafter 'named, and un
dersigned, personally came and appeared
the several persons whose names are
hereunto subscribed, and declared that,
availing themselves of the provisions of
Act No. 36 of the General Assembly of
the State of Louisiana, approved Janu
ar - 29, 1898, as well as those of the gen
eral laws of the State relative to the
laws of organization or corporations,
they have formed and do by these pres
ents form and organize this into a cor
poration, for the objects and purposes
and under the stipulations hereinafter
set forth, which they do hereby accept
as their charter, to-wit:
ARTICLE I.
The name and title of said corporation
-,hall be The \V. K. lHenderson Iron
Works and Supply Company, Limited,
and by that name it shall have power
and authority to have and enjoy succes
sion for the term of ninety-nine years
from and after the date hereof; to con
tract, sue and he sued; to make and use
a corporal seal and the same to change
ARTICLE II.
The domicile of said corporation shall
be in the city of Shreveport, Caddo par
ish, Iouisiana, and all citations and legal
-processes shall be served on the presi
dent of said corporation, or in his ab
sence upon the vice president. and in
case of the absence of both, on the sec
refary at the office of said corporation.
as mortgas., and hypothecate property,
real. personal and mixed; to name and
appoint such managers, directors, offi
'cers and agents as the interest of said
corporation as may be necessary and
oroper, and the same to alter at pleas
tre.
ARTICLF III.
The purposes for which this corpora
tion is organised and the nature of the
business to be carried on by it are de
clared to be: The manu~facture of ma
ichines of various iinds; also buying
and selling of malchinery, hardware and
general mill supplies; also to run a gen
eral" repair shop; including foundry bus
ines.---or to e ,,more specific, to make,
buy and do anything pertaining to wood,
iron and othei- metals. -
A'rT.rCLE IV.
AA 1 1LL1:, IV.
The capit. of said corporation shall
be three 'htindred thousand dollars
$3oo,ooo)i' to be divided into three
thwusand o3,o0o) shares of one hundred
dollars, o($Iop) each; provided that the
corporation" may commence businese
en -eto ' fo-thdilsandls (2,oo0) shares of
fl!o se- AbaUOJ p ue at re: ale 'asaipinc
pulie, asal ',aAlazaý `ploy -pi a: ainsald pt
p.Qoraion, :shall le, vested .in a board of
stock are 4ubsciibed and paid in.
t'This stock s.hall be paid for in cash,
or its equivalent' 'wher subscribed -for,
or, the. samer niay 'be.issued at not less
than .par, in lpayment of property pur
chased .v the corporation.
ARTICLE V,
All the' corploral powers of said cor
directors, It be comroosed of five stock
holdet' :4 lhichi: boari' shall be elected
arimallyon ;ne 'seeond Monday in Jan
uiry beginniag in the year nineteen hln
d.red and-four,.
,The, first 'board of directors, is de
dcared to be W. K. HIenderson, W. S.
Dunkin, 'W. F. Dilloh, P. Garson and
Jotn ,R. Jones,. with W. K. Henderson
as:presidenrt,. W., F. Dillon, vice presi
dent,, .a y,;W, S. DnAkin as secretary
and .treas}rer. Said bqard to, serve until
[94oo or pnfi'` their successors are duly
elected thereto. '
'"Thd 4ir&tors .shail bhe elected by the
stockholddles Each share of stock to be
entitl4, tq o.e vpte, to be cast by its
owner or i.1,proxy, and, the majority of
v;oes cast "hafl' elect. Thiee directors
shotl ·Foirtitute aqtsortm.n.
',The presitent shall or may appoint
from time,tp .time, and dismiss at pleas
ure, such managers, agents and. employes
as may be deemed necessary foi the pur
poses and. bftsifsiess -of- th-.orporation.
The board of directors inay make
such laws and regulations for the man
agement of the business, as they may
deem:, necssar, and amend and, altei
same; and shall have power to contract
debts, 'borrow mtoney, issue bills of ex
change, notes;, ':-cceptances, execute
mortgages, and cenerally do 'all things
incident to the object and purposes of
said corporation.
ARTICLE VI.
This chasfer may' be modified,
changed or altered, or said corporation
dissolved; with the 'consent ot three
fourths. of, the amount of capital stock
represented, at any general meeting of
the stockholdeis convened for that pur
pose afterKten (ro) days previous no
tice shall",have been nublished' in one of
the, daily tewvspapers in .the: city of
Shreveport,
Whenever 'fhis' .rporation is dis
dolve"d"fr6ih' limit~aidri or from any oth
er cause; its dffairs 'h;all be liquidated
by two commissioners elected sby the
stockholders, whoshalk; hav;feull power
to wind up its, ffdi -s, dispose of its as-;
sets, settle its liailities and distribute'
'th`' piri ees 'moiig the' stdckholders.
"' ' ARThILE VI. .
t' No--stecho der shall ibe, liable for the
spatr~acts orfults of said corporation!
,isanyfrtier sum than the unpaid bal
a.te to ff:e' cotpooation On n'Aari~
e y' tifhen,.
Noe share ot stock shall be . trns
trrel,,ald r~s 4ispoe4 q.., without,,the
stockhg.rdr first giving thirty ()
days notice to other- stockhohlders and
a1 t1 `thdiiiithe pflrilege ef first ptir
't idand stooMt lits acstualnrilue
A: Al lesiotransfers, of stolk ~otobe
vai4.d et mnidfonithe boolk, of the
Se ad ps·edh iFir' lfie' in tihe
rý cifi ' JobhI A. weialy and J: C
Beasle? competent. witessesý om ithis
. th ha-.iy q Janu ry,- " njnetees. ,un=
W. ` E`'I. FtIE kSON4
WWi4pf
I hereby certify that I have examined
the foregoing charter and find nothing
thergia contrary to law, and therefore
app~yge same on this th. 2gth day oT
Jry, A. D., nineteen' hutred4iand
ee. .
JOHN R. LAND,
District Attorney First Judicial District
of Louisiana.
(Endorsed) : Filed and recorded Jan
uary 30, 1903.
FRANK C. O'LEARY,
Depeity Clerk apd Ex-Officio Deputy
Recorder.
State of Louisýan,_Parish of Caddo:
I hereby certify that the above and fore
going is a true and correct copy of the
original act, as the same now appears
on file and of record in my office.
Given under my hand and seal of of
fice this 30th day of January, 1903.
FRANK C. O'LEARY,
Deputy Clerk and Ex-Officio Deputy
Recorder.
Feb. 1, I903.
SHERIFF'S SALE.
No. 8ozi-Tn First Judicial District
Court, Caddo Parish,- La.: S. J.
Harmon vs. J. B. Rhodes.
By virtue of a writ of seizure and
sale to me issued by the Honorable First
District Court of Caddo Parish, La., in
the above entitled and numbered suit, I
have seized and will offer for sale at
public auction for cash, according to
law, without the benefit of appraise
ment, at the principal front door of the
court house of Caddo parish, in Shreve
port, La., during the legal hours for
sales, on
SATURDAY, MARCH 21, 1903,
the following described property, to
wit: Lots 46, 47 and 48 of the Brooks
subdivision in the city of Shreveport,
La., as per map in conveyance book R,
page 726, and lot 5 of the Egan subdi
vision in the said city of Shreveport, as
per map in conveyance book I, page 67,
together with all the buildings and im
provements on all of the said lots.
Said property seized as belonging to
the defendant, to be sold to satisfy the
tebt specified in the said writ, in the
sum of two thousand dollars, with 8
per cent interest from January II, 1903.
and to per cent attorney's fees on said
Aum and interest, together with all
costs of the suit.
S. J. WARD,
Sheriff of Caddo Parish, La.
: Caucasian Feb. 18, 190o3.
Your stationery represents your busi
ness. Wouldn't you rather be wel1 repre
sentedl? Out printing will do that.
SUCCESSION NOTICE.
No. 7733-In First District Court, Par
ish of Caddo, State of Louisiana:
'In Re Liquidation of Southern
Glass and Queensware Company.
Notice is. hereby . given that Carro
Caihn and Seymour B. Simon, liquidat
ors, have this day filed tableau of debts
arid statement ih said succession, and
inless oppositions ;i made thereto within
the time -specified' by law :the same will
be duly homolcgateci as prayed for.
Witness the Honorable A. D. Land,
Judge of said Court, this the 17th day
of' Februarv. 'Xgo3.
J. H. LEV'Y, Deputy Clerk.
'February 8, 1903. -
SHERIFF'S SALE.
No. 8063--In First. Judicial District
Court of Caddo Parish, La.: Wm.
Winter vs. J. M. Oden.
By virtue of a writ of seizure and
safe to me issued in the above entitled
and numbered suit, by the Honorable
First, District Court of Caddo Parish,
La.,;T have seized and will offer for sale
at 'pubjit 'auction, for cash, according to
law, without the benefit of appraisement,
at the. principal front door of the court
house of Caddo parish, in the. city of
Shreveport, La., during the legal hours
for sales, oh
SATURDAY, APRIL .II, 1903,
the following. described property, to
wvit: A lot in, the town of Bethany, Cs:d
do Parish, La., described as follows:
Commencing at' the 'State line, bounded
on the north by the Grand Bluff and
Shreveport road, tlence running south
with said State line one hundred and
sitty' feet to the said road; thence
east 'hinety; feet; thence north one
hundred' and sixty. feet to the said
road, ;thence . west ninety feet to
place of beginning, with all buildings,
and improvements thereon, less that
portion exchanged with E. C. Flanagan
and less that portion sold to F. F. Gill.
as per deed of record in the clerk's of
lice of said parish. Also the following
described property, to-wit: Beginning at
the southeast corner of a lot formerly
owned by J. J. Kingsmore 5o feet S. 85
E. of S. E. 'corner of the Davis hotel
lot, a stake in the center of the Shreve
port and Grand Bluff road, thence with
center of said road N. 85 E. 465 yards to
a. stake in road; thence north 173 1-2
yards to. stake; thence south 85 W.
03 1-2 yards to a stake in east boundary
line 'of land ow~ned by J. M. Trosper and
Davis heirs with said east-boundary line
S. 88.1;6 'yards the. N. W. corner, of the
above named .-3 .acre lot a stake thence
with the north boundary line of said lot
E: Ir6'-3' yards"a stake therice with east
boundary line of said lot 84 1-2 yards to
a pi*eeof ,beginning, containing 2 acres
of land, except the following portions
of said 2 acres, which was expressly re
se'ited' by J. B. Moore and -described as
follotwrs Beginhin~ at S. ': corner a
stake. thertiee 64 feet .west, thence 235
feet north,; thence 64 feet east, thence
235, feet south to place of beginning;
beink 64 feet front' ard 235 feet in
lengtlr with all buildings and machin
.ey and improvements on :said property.
.The ;v9g property being the same
on which .the store house gin and grist
miff .6isaid nimrtgagor' are located.
All f'the-: above prewierty to be sold
to satisfw-the debt specified in the said
writ in the Sum; of thirty-five. hundred
dollar; wit-h eight per sent per annum
interest therdon fronm 31st day of Janu
ary 1oor. and including $r.So' costs of a
copy due' by -said-.Oden to said Winter.
and all costs of this suit, including five
per cent -attorney's fees= on above
amounts. '
S J. WARD,.
Sbfrmith of.4ddo ,Parish, Louisiana.
The Iirsheim Bros. Dr oods (o.ILtd
EXCLUSIVELI W-OLtESALE IDEALERS IN
Dry Goods, Notions, Boots, 5hoe4
.and Hats. :
510, 5ra and 514 Lteee Street. New oric Olfict 77 4, anklin Street.
S. B. HICKS, President. tALIE lolt I , Vice $'residentl
W. F. CHASE, Secretary-Treasurcr.
'DIRECTORS.
YALE HICKS, S. I. IIICKS, V'. H. G(OSM\I. N.;. CIIASR
T. H. SCOVELL. G. IF. STEV\NSON.
THE HICKS COMP ANY
[LIMITED.]
WHOLESALE GROCERS
and COTTON FACTORI
Office and Warehouse Corner Spring and Tra\ is Streets, and .
Texas and Commerce Streets.
We want our merchant friends in the country to
know that.our plant is brand new and up to now in
all respects, and all printing entrusted to us wil! bl
turned out promptly and in the very latest style.
TH E CAUCASIAN.
BOWERS' DRUGSTORE.
Sue. to Aug. J. Bogel.
Books, * Stationery, * Toilet + ArticI
and Fancy Goods.
Mau itfairtue O'f f"laIvorltg Extracts, Pure .S0ll aW, d r:i -f
SCra1 Wa.:r. gAgets for iilith Prean 'I'r.Ter Tpewr
Fresh Garden Seed.
Pr .. ;ptiis '')lfui"tly co ,lunded1 with the INst and fresI.e
drugs. All fa'vos apprecia:ted and orders given prompt
attention. , l
FRED W.: BOWERS. Proprietor.
C. C. Hardman '& Co.,.,1
Wholesale and Retail Dealer in
LUMBER, 'SHINGLES, SASHI,1
Doors, Blinds and General House
Finishing Goods.
Office and Salesrooms Corner Spring and Crockett.
E.umber Yard Corner Lake and McNeil st.m
SHREVEPORT. LA.
They are here at last==
OUR GASOLINE STOVES.
Remember we have now a complete line of the Ik st Gasline Stoves on ea.
The
'INSURANCE NATIONAL."
Years of experience lave proven the above asm.rtiin, 'lThe I st on Eark
They are now on exhibition. Call, examine and price. :lnd viu will buy.
F. 1MARTEL & SON,
Phone 555. 211 Texas
Gardeners and Truck Farmer
TAKE NOTICE!
We have received our new crop T. & \V. Brand (:ih:i·lige Field and Gat
den Seeds from Northern and Eastern seed farms. This seed posse.se
strong germinating powers, produces vigorous plants whlicht insures an altl
dant harvet. and means mg 're money in your pckets i, ,,I t lUny this seed
Write' for catalogue and ask fr special prices oni 5, I Corn, Oats, Rye
Barley, Wheat, Amber and Orange Cane Seed, Alflf:,, clM,,cer, Millet atd
Seed Potatoes, or send us your order. We guarantc :l.f:ic i. n.
10oe Texas St. TUSTEN & WEILI;
WHEN IN NEED OF ANY
Fancy or Staple Grocerie
FISH, OYSTERS. FRUIT,
or anything in our line, phone or send us your nr,, \V e will give 70 .
tp ut4gly tad very best quality at the lowe, ,rices. Call 9mu
; Fe it ofsr.hn¢ line of Fancy goods just r'ceie. ,.
ST . 'X. L. Grocery Co.,
S : 12 lT 514 Texas St. Phones 87 and 164.
Orton Hotel D Resi i
OPEN DAY AND N[GIIlT.
Regular Meals Served, 2
Best in the City, - .
S. SORT ORDERS A SPECIALT Y.
ATE7NTION TO OPERA 'I RotUES.
. 1ST MS-4 l 1ATH CONN (ECTION.
Srer of Loi