LOG HOUSES.
her Are the Most Artistle *t All
Sammer lHomes.
The most delightful vacation home is
- log cabin. There are log eabins and
log cabins, of course, from the pailace
like establishment of the Adlirondlack
millionaire, which resemubles a eabiin
only on the outside, to the hImible
shaback of the hunt-r. All. however. are
equally fascinating if they are fur
lDished In the right way so that the
rustic "woody" effect is not lost. Nit a
single piece of wood should be painted
either within or wit hout the cabin.
The most effective furniture Is on the
bent woodl order, and ranch of It can Ie
made from the young forest trees. The
trees themselves stripped of their foli
age andl with their branches cut down
into little knobs make very effective
pillars for the rustic veranda, and they
arei often used to10 give a massive look
te the fireplace. In most cases, how
.ver. this is made entirely of cobble
atones, as in the illustration, which
represents the interior of the living
ronom of an Adirondack camp.
This room is long and low, with a
heavily beamed ceiling. There is no
attempt made to cover the walls, and
as the logs are smooth and beautifully
oiled they add to the effect. The floor
Is of hard wood, brightly polished. The
furniture in this case is of pine,. stained
a deep brown. The cushions on the
settee are red and hunters' green.
Hunting prints on the walls further
n
1
TMs warmo soot.
arry out this red and green idea.
Deer's heads, antlers and skins are
used lavishly wherever they give the
most effect Over the fireplace there
Is a row of heary green and white
china plates and pewter dishes. The
Ar place Is as large as the room will
allow, and it is fitted with immense
black andlrons and an old fashioned
crane. One entire side of the wall is
-bung with firearms. snow shoes and
Ashing tackle. At the left of the fire
place a winding staircase leads to the
sleeping rooms. Above and at the foot
of this lies a black bear skin. Low rus
tic bookcases hold a variety of summer
literature, a welcome addition on rainy
dayr. R. Dur La BAuxa.
New to Clean Leather loves.
To clean wash leather gloves make
wo quarts of tuds ,ith warm war
Iter and food bite soap and add to
em a teaspoonfulat of borax Gissolved
ba halt a plot of hot watet. bWhen the
pds are cold, put the gloves on and
wash them slowly and gently, as if
Wasnhtg the badds. BlaRse In like man
er. draw of geatly and hags them to
a shady plnes to dry. Whin .ebr
dry, draw them late shape. When
quite dry, rub them bttwya the haods
to softe the leather. Be careful to do
ithe work gatly, for when wet the
eather Is very tender and liable to
ýMtR
CARELESSNESS GCHAinU.
1 . Aues Yhi ! emm she werk OI
he bteatme e*eed.
Pbdaea, Ky., Aug. It-The horar
of the Olty of G oleoda disaster six
miles above Padmash Moandray sight is
-t beginsiag tobe fully comprbehaded
by the people of Pbdaeah as body after
body is brought lno the ity and taken
to the umadesksers.
The boat's reister has not yet bea
useovered, bat it is certain the death
ist will aumber I1 and probably 2.
An edmcal aveatlpatioa will be made
as it seems certola that the most cal
pbie saeleseae eased" the oatastro
po..
A. A. Paek, the pila, claims the em
glesr deserted his poet and that he
meid ast amage the boat with the en
less helples, The engineer denies
this sd elans that he remained at the
harotte matl the water was waist deep.
h3ak hdsrs. one of the passengers,
eIatnI by several ethers, declares
theat dalat to ad brought the side
of thebat aruand so that the wind
Caosk it ful fore Pasdng the wreek.
The work ot reovery is slow bmosees
1he uitugre ls lied ao the bodies.
The eft Isbolag dm.atlod as she lays
iae bSeat woter in orderthat the
dead may be ssan d. A s ekebtag odor
sa asies abon the week and
aht ae ea thea swm as
waast ~ asels elems su s
s - --- r w e asse the ad an
wmsest liog algar mss
4C o hb
.*""
FIG'-,", v URASSHOPPERS.
ISystematic Plans to Destroy a South
western Peat.
[Special Correspoudence.]
SA5 ANTONo. T'ix.. Aug. 13.-South
cn Texa, is being overrun by grass
I lFoppers-gras- ipprs of an extremely
Vorai:olls il:ractor andl numerous
enough to havs. hI-re ne a menace of
the gravest nature to the crops of that
portion of tihe slate. In fact. rnmay
farmier. are :n lbstair. 'riTey see the
grain wither ant fail as thouogh blight
ed. while tihe merry grasshopper. hay
Ing eaten all there is to eat. passes on
to fresh fields and pastures new.
Not only in Texas. but In norther-n
states, notably Colorado. Wyoalinug and
Nebraska. has th!. grasshopper provel
a plague to the farimer. Now the agri
culturist finds some grains of comfort
in the fact that the federal governinent
has ldeclared wa-or on thie pest, and that
means are at hand whereby the insect
can be successfully combaited.
To the farmers of southern Texas
have come bottles of disease germs.
fatal to the grasshopper. prepared
under the direction of Professor L. O.
Howard. chief of the bureau of en
tomology. The disease germs are of
the nature of a fungus. obtained from
South Africa, where it has been used
with the greatest possible success.
whole armies of grasshoppers being
literally exterminated by it Were it
necessary to send continually to South
Africa for the fungus, it would prove
a costly remedy. but it has been found
possible to propagate it artificially by
applying a little of it to a sterilized
prepamtion of blood serum and gela
tin, on which the germs propagate
rapidly. The germs thus prepared are
corked in glass tubes. and each tube is
carefully packed In a pasteboard cylin
der, directions for using the contents
accompanying every package.
On receiving a bottle of the fungus
the farmer puts a number of live grass
hoppers In a wooden box, together with
a small portion of the fungus. Soon
the hoppers become infected, and all
but half a dozen are liberated. The
half dozen, when dead. serve to give
the disease to other hoppers placed in
the box later on. The liberated ones
quickly spread the infection among
their fellows, and the work of destruc
tion proceeds apace. To get the best
results the "plague house" should be
covered with netting to admit air.
One thing Is certain-the farmer
alone cannot successfully cope with the
hoppers. The insect is one of the most
srrlons problems connected with the
agricultural development of the west.
Nothing short of fire will check the
progress of an army of hoppers on the
march. Water, unless In wide bodies.
is absolutely no bar to their progress.
The plague comes and in a twinkling
the fields are brown and sere and the
unfortunate farmer sees ruin staring
him in the face.
The grasshoppers themaslves grow
as the crops do, planting in one season
the eggs which are to be hatched in
the next. The female drills a hole in.
the ground with the horny tip of her
1~ 11
- 80COTEWTERN OIRASROPPER.
abdomen, and in this hole lays about
20 eggs, which are bound together by
a mucus. The burrow is then filled up
with the same menas, which makes it
water tight The eggs are enveloped
in tough little capsules. When new
born, the yonag grasshopper is covered
with a sort of reiL which soon splits
along the back, and he easily gets rid
eof it. As long as th' e is plenty of food
In the neighborbood he takes things
easy and declines to travel far, but once
the provender Is exhausted he starts
out to hunt a new larder. Thus arise
the great migrations of grasshoppers,
narrations of which have caused skep
tical easterners to hold up their hands
I amamsement.
Pefore there was any thought of
waging war on the hopper by scien
tide means the farmer used many
schemes of his own to avert the pest.
His best chance was to destroy the un
hatched eggs. and many schemes were
devised to accomplish this, the most
effective possibly being to slice off an
inch or so of the top soil, dry It and
pass It through sieves to separate the
egg mrasses, which were then burled in
deep itas LEowaan BADwwn.
Uatsr aa~ * Ineswrr
Oklhboma Olty, O. T., Aug. $4.- Wil.
bassa vwr, the negro held here on the
bcharge of beiag comncted with the
mader of Miss Gaselle Wild at Pieroe
Oily. Ma, was released an a writ of ha
beias orpes Friday afteaoon, but was
houisedasely rrsarssd by bshe sheriff of
this eounty as a fugitive from jusaoe.
A telegram was rsteied hee from the
governor of Missort staaig that the
seuion epam sfa Faor were em the
wr he.a hsbwilfl he held pending
the desia Goeemor Jenkains in re
C:oM the sequirs ae. It b believed
sii~ he as momes wil not homer
sei m w ullasa red that the
YlS lC I
Teach the
Children
Kindness
'To Animals
.vvyvvvvv,",vYrOYY Yrv,,v'.
.A 'b'erinr. hoanut'fl sinr of acvadn
inet civilization !- th~e , o::tant!y in
(reasing good 'i!'.. anid itill
shown townrd clui iiin, w:uls. ('ruml y
to the helpiess ii a r:rvival of say
agery. Ited Inliniui 'eaIt aml starve
their ponies and tortiure ilnhunmanly
their captives inll v.::r.
The inlividual in his developnentrt
passes through t ht samle evolutiiina rv
stages as the unt!Wis now tivilizid
have done. In his cildhilood he is a
cruel little savatfe tinless his eyes are
open(lw by some one older ail wiser
than himself, one who s ill teach hli Im
that pain Inflicted oin an niuail or on
a child younger anrid weakir tIhan hlim
self Is sure to lie visal, oIin 1 in later in
some sort of puiin:sisle:,t tIhat tits Ils
II II,
f r
TRAINING 'UBSSY.
crime. The Buddhists and Brahmans
of India believe that animals hare
souls which are reborn again on the
earth in like manner with the souls of
human beings. If a horse suddenly,
without any apparent cause, turns upon
Sa man and bites or kicks and tramples
him to death, the Buddhist says it is
because the man tortured the brute in
a past incar:::cton. tilled its animal soul
with thoug'tts of fear and revenge,
which never left it until it was able to
wreak its vc:.,eance long after, for
Hatred ceases not with hatred.
Sounds fanciful and silly, does it. the
Buddhist idea? Well. it is a thousand
pities that so called civilized white
people could not believe it too, for then
the hearts of really civilizdtl white
people would not be harrowed up day
by day with outrages and awful cruel
ties they can do nothing to prevent.
Yon never thought of it probably, but
women are the ones directly responsi
ble for cruelties practiced upon cats
and dogs, upon horses, birds and cattle
and all the tortured live stock proces
sion that follows wailiug and crying
in the wake of the humiuan rare.
Mothers andl women teachers could de
velop the tendernuess that is latent in
the soul of every chi!d. They could
show the children that kicks. cuffs,
burns, starvation and thirst hurt the
animal exactly as much as they hurt
the human.
If the history of every murderer
could be traced back to his childhood,
it would be found nearly always that
he was a boy who stoned cats and
kicked dogs, who neglected to give food
and drink to helpless dumb animals
tastened up so they could not get it for I
themselves.
--4'he other day a lady saw a horse
attached, to a heavy wagon that was
It6pied near a drinking trough. The
poor horse's mouth was parched with
thirst, he was pa ting and qu4veriug
with the beat. be W-as striving desper
ately to reach the water. but the check
rein prevented. The fat brute of a
driver sat upon his perch too lasy to
descend and loosen the rein.
"Do give that horse his head so be
can et a drink," said the lady. The:
two legged brute leered at her impo
dently and said, "Miss. you 'tend to
your business and I'll 'tend to uine,
see?" And the wretched. suffering
horse got no drink. But the lady went
at once and joined the Society For Pre
vention of Cruelty to Animals and got
a badge showing her to be a member
of it Next time she sees a human
monster refusing water to a thirsty
horse she will show him that badge
and be t Ill be forced to loosen the
checkrein or be arrested. The dumb
protest of that one tortured horse did
good to his sanering brothers, anyhow.
If the two legged beast who drove
the four footed one had his story told
from childhood, no doubt it would be
found that when his mother moved
away from one house to another she
left the family cat bo starve in the
abandoned home or to be stoned to
death by street boys. Probably, too.,
his woman teacher wore upon her hat
the tender breast of a rare plumaged
bird, torn from it to satisfy the whim
of a bloody. awful fashlou. Perhaps.
too, his'grown up sister wore a fur boa,
with the head, natural and lifelike, of
a mink or a fox dangling from it for
ornament Ornament! Heaven have
mercy on the children whose mothers,
teacbers and sisters do these things!
Woman tender hearted? Woman mere
elful? Never my it again. And you,
-O women, do look beyond your moses
sad -s these crimes you are respond-,
ble tori To. will answer for tbem as
we ase istlce resu&
It Ohs is bo mectmty for the pr.vem .
tion of cruelty to animals in your
neighborhood. rormll one. Let the chil
drtn who c·ta Ia :1rn tll- rmiot concern
ing the ha its :Ira iani itomly of uonimials,
the 1:14.11t ds of it rn absi ent h- t a4 vripte~l
to Thiii, he th hi t er mii miii'iri . It
Is trIlie th: t it' all I I tits an1t dogs
w ier e llia 1n t' o iv f 11111 ii t vo lil he
o g irunl '0 h It rn. , :It f i 1',nur o ii nil
Iin'.it aut ti tuuuiiiiu''i1 :Iiliutr uu ijuut;( illglut~
ýoul i k sal., ii'· h, i lr n that tht ia
to get 1'i" of Co -t i ",.(to 1~ ton( :Int
istarie aidi u ti; :ll i thuul. t hi I btl t ht'i
pd it a( .1 i 11 ;n it, . I1 I It a tnil rs l fy
dra nin e or hI t liit l I ul t in t t to
invet1 itug :ot ( n't iii n' II e : that, ifn
h lt ifii , d.w In :1.': t lk o ::} tand i,'t a 1,:in
her \\'iiunrit evti nips to1 r thro 'ur
clist' yoiur pll e ht ftheinitihatl eym
nastic,; till Ih'' (-a n s1 r instantly
wh-en t a n-- ak 'i "if " If the ninii te-r ntt
part- t o f a hair III : rlt' fo r tte thou
il ttidhs of an i' i i'. H w1 i :h il will then
Il{ lot( 1.1tll 1op:1rt 11tth- r, ha le ' you
ever e 'i ed thii r:i to eo'u.i hll to yo pa lle
ttiff'rutc hthi - iil t iI t rit1.1' I,'e-ilvs ant u
dog'i s poiis )'41 x1,11 111 it yt hrself,
Iai-vd you ev1r go Iier t u it iti that to
give :u t og i anu t's t :l:t is niti:il3e giving
a tug Iat her spinal ntarrlnt and hurts
hdir to toibly, ('vtJn nia to her nrlain ?
I Havo you ever tohld tut that a ('1t s
arwhisker as mucare as sronsitiv as hooiir on
eyes an elashs. JAE STO.h them
ment: gives LIr :unnetyonce'. n'hile to pull
th('se w'his k( rs Ind ficts hi eun torture
Supon her? Or p1'rhaps 3 ou didn't know
that yourself.
And you. mnothe"rý. wome~i(n t'achers,
Crattdlmother's, grown: ski ''vs. aunts and
all--do you e'ver 1-.ither the children
aroundl you and tell th('m storieq of the
Intellig'n('e andi( affec'tion that animals
display to those who treat them well,
and that oftentimes humnan beings can
learn from thema, dumb though they
are, as mnuch as from hooks?
JANE STORY.
AFFECTED WOMEN.
mem Can See Throurh lTheir Little
Mtannerlenei Kvery 'Time.
What's the use of acting differently
with a man than you would with a
woman? I mean what's the use of ro
ing. of gushing and of pretending a
whole lot of things which you are lnot.
In a word, what's the uses of being af
fected? Perhaps you think the mtan
doesn't know the difference. 'lInt's
where you nwake the greatest mistake
of your life. Ask any m:ut. He'll tell
you. Thalnt's what I did the other day.
The man answered most emphatically
in the affirmative. "Hut how can you
tell?" I asked. "Why, I can just feel
Sit," he answered. "just as I can tell
in business when a man is trying to
bluff me." "Do you know." I went on,
"I rather fancied that men liked silly.
affected girls: they certainly seem to
go with them more than they do with
the sensible ones of my acquaintance."
The man laughed. "Why, of course
that kind of a girl amuses a man. It's
as good as going to the thea:ter. and it's
all for lhis own particular henefit Do
you wonder that men get conceited
when girls put themselves to so much
trouble to please themu? Why. I have
known girls to pretend they were just
the opposite of their natural selves
just to make an impression on a man.
It must have been hard work, too," he
mused reminiscently.
"Ilut doesn't a man ever get taken in
and then find out his mistake after lihe
is married?" "Not if Lee is a man of
any bra:ins." hlie anstwered. "DL)o you
know how a wise urun jti'ecs the cha:r
acter of the girl he' thinks of muarrying?
Ile watches he'r wheni shie is with othler
woumen. That's the sure test. T'hen
thee's another even better. He takes
notice of the way the girl treats her
chaperon or the elder women of the
party--not how she treats them before
bhim. hut how she treats them when
she thinks no one is noticing. Why. I
remembler a ease which touches just
aupon that Doint. A friend of mine was
7
I
TO
TRYING TO MAKE AN IMPRESSION.
engaged to a charming girl, and one of
her most beautiful traits was the con
sideration with which she treated her
old mother. It was nothing but dears
and darlings and kisses and little at
tentions. Well, they were staying at
the same summer hotel, and one hot
night when the windows were all open
he happened quite by accident to over
hear a conversation abshe had with her
mother. What a revelatton it was to
him! There was one engagement the
less before the summer was over and
one sadder and wiser man."
The day when men admired affecta
tlon is gone by with the time when
they admireal weakness in women.
Men today Ilike to look a woman
straight In the eye and feel sure that
she Is as free from hypocrisy as the
best of their own sex: for there is one
masculine quality that a man does ad
mire in a woman, and that is being
"Square." MaLD RoaNsox.
Don't forget to sprinkle some powder
Into your gloves before putting them
s it soer beads are given to perspire.
TO THE PUBLIC
You'are hereby notifiel that I will
keep open
Night and Day
Except Sunday, and willdeliver
Paints, Oils, Varnish, Wall Paper.
Etc.,'at any time. Ihave determ
ined to keel in the lead and don'
you forget it. Ring Phone 88,
_ WELLMAN
CC HARDMAN,
Wholesale and Retail'Deaer in
Lumber, Shingles, Sash
Doors, Blinds and General House
Finishing Goods.
F. 3 t S iLE )) i. car. Sprin;andCrockett.
LUMBER YARD, cor. Lake-and McNeil Sta. streveport, La
Belle of Lexington
WHISKEY
4 Quart Bottles, (or gallun jug)
CEIRATEO DELIVERED
Free of Express Gharges For
$3 00 CASH.
LAI LOU0 AD GROcERY CO
Corner Texas and Spring Sireets
The House Wife's Delight.
In warm weathcr s a good ice
chest that is ecoun m al in the use of
." lci aniD ie easy kept aveet and clean
for the receptioti of priabable foods
-' We have i splendid sto& of ime cheat,
mwde by the best mnutacturers and
at the loweat price.
One of thise and agod Gasoline
Stove will complcte a case wife's
happiness for ihe whole tated term
F. MARTEL t SON
211 TEXASSTREET5
~-4'Poone 655.
Fish Globes
S G. DREYFUS & C)3
WBOLESeljE !aLRLES8 11
Dry 0 )odh, Boots, Shoes and RBts
COB. SPRING ANDCROUcFum srTaEt.hs
PROMPT AtfE Jfntf PAID T O NTRY AP0DES
rARBY BUNTSA. aAn h1iUblTLR HAAiK BU.TiEI
H UITVERw I3I O .
Wholesale Grocers anld Commiision Merchanti
111 and 113 MILAM BTRBITr
Plantation Supplis, Faggllg and Ties.
D)EALFBS 1I
Hay, Corn, Oats. Bran and Chops%
Prompt attention to all orders on sbert notice at bottom prices. All favors aprrecalte
LEMONS! LEMONS U
JUST RECEIVED
one Thousand Boxes
t ancy and Choice 'Lemons. Send us your orders o
write for'prices.
T1uestenr & 'Vei1,
108 Texas Street.I