FIVE INUTES TALK.
Tbhanksiving Notes-Federatlon
of Woman'q club.
Sooial, News and Personals.
The ohservanop of a national Tbhinm
riva(t Dav is of New KEgland origin. anil
his 'tomo* a eustom peoullarto t his coau
t 7. The last Tbhursday In November I.
the dae fixed, and is proolaimet in advance.
sand o0loally by the president of the United
Batee. In the New Knglsnd Mtatee and to
the North It Is regardea as Is hbristmas
a day when the obherished famly reunione
are held, when the home, i made -ost.
chetr:ul and when the tenderest assoela.
tionse are renaled. It Is a day whbn Lbthe
most tervent thanks are ofered for the
many blessings trecelved. 6
many Disesings received. '
There wars a time wheo littli attention
was given to the oonsiderat.lon of this day
In the South,*speciallyin thae States which
weret engaged in thbe great strugile with
the North on constitutlonal interpretatiors,
biut of recent years Thankrgivina D4y In
t is Bouth has become more popular and Is
being given the consideration dictated bfy
the blbhighest and noblest impulses of men.
O' course it is not intended to impis btht
t its day is reserved as th' only one day 'or
which acknowledgments most profound
sehoud be off-ed to the fiver of Al 0 'od,
nor can there be any other seigolfnance in
tee day .0r.pt that In keeping with an old
custom of the Puritans, when the people
of a whole country, as is the United State",
a s expected to jaoin o tShe givinglo o thanks
to God for all the blessing whIch every
human bing bhas enjoyed, regarulese of his
oadition oin life. It is not the
material alone which bshould enait a
reverenos for the day as it is the
bsoutlul, thbe idelistla whicboh suggests
repect to all men for the day. In later
yeses the day has progressed from the
Ia terial-Turkey for Dianer-to the beans
V lent, t tohe ObCharitable dtepeneatio, the
sptectal care of the poor, the widows and
orphans as was evidenoed ia Sareveport
as the union mtsUng held In St
Mark's Church when al: the Protestant
denoeminatious Joined under ona roof,
w thlo the walls .l a sacred edloe to give
thanks ts the Almuahty and at the same
time tendered their "free will elering" for
the needy. There is muchb about this
caustom whi leh aves a favorable lmproe
sloe en the malnd and heart sad we trust
the splri t of Thaksgiving Day will grow
aid exopand with that Love and Chberity
watch has no bound and whas only en
acaver Is to do the greatest good, whose
purpose s to ostregthea the ties of Irled
Ihps, to cemenat ballowej asoeelatane and
to make men better and nobler by a oeloser
cettest with their ºtl en Tnaakogiving
Day.
At the OSesevieve Orbasege
O it to the lilaes of Mrs IL Jaool s
the dedsation eeremay was postponed to
Sfuturte day. The feUepten as plassee,
leseeaeoutln with the dedelotos of the
saw bulidlig, was rried out, under the
dlrestk of the Memo Charitable Aseotla
tos. Melresheea and ged thIngs wereo
sea ed, ead altr a pleasant setal later
"*ange** esrdial grcengs tie programme
wee elsed. The orphans were delighted;
Swere their triade sad well wishers.
* *
At the kgh lnSoe
As temmagt pfepmm was ansrtedi
-th1 the swooderl 01 te mga Seas.l
M pape N at hast ise.. The pre
grumasse.prird a Thakagetles* mac.
eHr, ame4d by LMaes PVtusa sat*
taLeses. Thtkaqttas address o ppe
tewhlh with esm, mad ealeueas, ail ae
weth wen t d. ses reastat..
0**
.ma
At the Cethle Chant
v. Tesahugtvag Day he OCathollc
(40h wa eewded with weurhlppers at
athe Sg Mas at wer Pit.r ' ea
M'* st"ad, sNsed by IPahters
sma and Ragens.., who presehed as
lepa dibes.,.. La kepplut wi the
*0*
At the lespital
SMMw n t Thrsaese, Dialer to the
-hp a fee th thefity aeptls was gnni
2 pby tshe Iadsea o the W. OT U.
* saieB thae casi hace eesm deire.
: esbsh ses wern erJvaed sad 4wil leag
-ýp'eJ the "ata tstrlmg asagýe' wa.
esa UbSit . o theu eaer llyt.
**a
thesbaeg Sett sess..
Tee Theshse'YieE serviee hell dI i
U's cepesspa. shes Trsneday, we
* teLsded by alarge ameervatsl, the rep
tai esteltves elM . mneecscsest eshresn
` ethis . th Mhuah was apprepristL -
M iseserae and was eewded wIth wa-.
'n eAa sth features eate a *rswis ý.e
te seate e.at ceasetsd under he dl.
fi. es ettr f PhillIpe, aregaslh rd efeir
lthatr af at iara'. ehmab. The Mete
greams was as biowes
gan 9 VMlatutay............N. heas
eret Pesaps.
m agi5 east..................Dratabridge
.. ........ ................WeWar
> ea ge8@ ......................C. wim
S grn................. ..........0owi
Iey, "lSats the ........Ms.. s
Lenmas Pehs...
$...............Clutler
Vmu:
3at slies, ses Setsveaase,
MeGa.a, Dimel alshsere, Seag
amees Le~ais, Meatgemse
ItLer Ireas, charles Sabeafr,
_ mTe, Lea White, ail Lerrit,
%erets, ia oaathur cvrs
a Peera..., r.e. sEaste
'iem. t8 Plehma, A
Sta Imath Pet
toy wasa assemem wr air
SY ther ur memeed byMi.
a M~ Mvu. at eu g w~ee,
L r V wan
;.;-.t
fore 'fil ead eloquont, His text was fr m
the 20th verse of the 5th chapter of th'
Epbeelses, and be linked interestlnlty ii
the conectlon betweenpa the P'asover, 8
Good Fridray and Laster, the Feaste sf the iI
Firnt Fruits of the t! rvrest and the I' t t
of l'enteoest, the FPret Fruits of the K's y
urrentton. andt tIe Feast of Inlat irri n' o
the 11srveste sand the day of Tbstektitving
snd be urg'et the pO.nple to be thantlul to If
(Id for the many tieaqingi recolvedl.
Tie tree oferlni I ir th' Orphenage w f n
taken by Mr tI B MeCutohtn of the Meth a
ndlet church, Mr Prescott of the Baptist II
oburob, Mr Hicks of the l'reebyterian
chntrh and Mr Barret of St M irks obhroh. I1
There was aleco offered by merchants and s
buelnese men of thebs city a quantity 0 h
provisione and articles of wear for the h
orphans, whiob were place In the care tof o
the Home Charitable Association for ile. a
trlhubion.
The Union Thankeviving service wl a
long be remembered pleasantly.
r
"'" e
State Federation ie 1atcbitoches. c
Tne Stite e *leratton of Women'e Clua 1
was bheld. In Natchitches, beginnlare I
Thursday., Noyembet 29. at 4:13 o'cloCk, t
Ir the apeolols aell othe Cmimus Club
with Mrs .1 Foner of bShreveport, press- I
dent, presiding.
There was In attendance repr' sesntsativels
of the various clubs torauthout the Hts'e
Alfter hearing a vical q iartette artistic- t
ally well rendered. Miss Morris, nto almir
stile words, Introdnned Bishop D)urier I
who welcomed eloquently the ladies In
attendance at the maoeting of the Federa
tlion.
The programme wen in the order follow
Ing:
Addree-Pteasldent of the Comus. Mr K
H Carver.
A Few Words of Welcoonm-Mrs MtV iy ,
of the ies*ne.
R seponse-Ere Fjster, President of the
Feieration.
I Vocal Solo with violin oblliato-Mrs IV
r Cunniagham, Pdyne BreAs ale.
SAddress-Mr BC Caldwell.
Appointment of Comlmitteses.
R eport of Credential Uommittee.
Heports from lndivl4ual Clubs.
B'oeption at Mrs T P Cbhplin's from 9
t to l p.m.
SVoeal Solo-Mlie Burns.
Paper-Fraveling Librarl es for Aurs
cBobools-Miss Kate Iiols.ead, Woman's
C Itore Club, Ruston.
General Disousslon.
The Press Woman as a Fractor oIn Club
Work-º.re Y H Williams, Mypatis,
Shreveport.
t General Diseesseon.
I Vocal Solo-Mise sLewis, Lesobe, Natchi
toebes.
,eadlong-11re Barris Foster, Blpsatia,
Sh eveport.
SUlvione m a a tnuty for Womaen-Mrs
- Jamee Anderson. Magnolia Club, Alesu
dnra.
General Diseassion.
F Vonal Dust-Missese stelle Hill and
. KimaJAnaann
FRIDA Y MORNINO.
Vist to NormI ISobool, 10 a m. to 1 p m
I uneOhes, I ,'soeok, complImeLstary t
lesohe sad uests, by Presdest UaidWellt
of the Normal.
VRIDAT A !ErtLNO N, 4 p.m.
voea sole-Mies Lotllhe By.ae.
Pbper-Mrs daile Q ti mlitun, Hypatl,
Ibr.eport.
Paper- v llage Improvemsat-Mrs Lutoe
P arbonereogh, tosebe, italtblee see.
Paper-Teo C- hpersatls of eome sad
iehbeel-i rs D T Ibateher, lbrlas, Rtis
Paper-The adoretloes, sate arnd Ns
tlsal-Miss AgaeI M arls, tasobe, Natobl*
toebes.
FRIDAT N1I'OR,8:13, OPLZB& MOUSE
Vowl Selo-Miss MLeans.
Auseal Address-tir Nellie L Poster,
P.sIdeat of ederstios, Bypats, Shrvre
port.
Ves. sfe-Mts Mare Selee, ierss,
Piper-Made hato Jo*se, Pierlas,
Vao7 delo-Mlse Mstele HIII.
Seedlag-Mie Patoser, Le*he,
lssuumastal De.--Mise MeVe, sal
Mrs UL Bressase.
Di's tr-Mta Misabesh Gilmer ("Dorethy
The Guests sad Thet U8esteas.
The Fdderatues derlgates were eratrtala.
ed ft dldrest bosees a Sehbltenee, as
feesa: Mrs J M ester, o t uarvrsport
presdst of the Pederati.a; are M Bow
ard, frem the Oak Leaf Club Cousthats;
Mrs Wleb, of tiO Denrlet Musieal Club,
at Uuoebassa, were estertased by Mrs 1)
U Iarboreagb.
Mrs Morse sad Mrs Spooser, t tre
Wousa's Olub or Lake Usarle wete at
Mrs e*seay'. Mrs Ed Paillps hba for
her gueste, Mrs Matta Williams, otf %
IIpatia, Sarevspors, sad Mies rsale
Wul sea, if the Oak Leaf, of Coushatta
Pre Mitoe Cossilagham ebertalaj Miss
Brsaug., of the lMagells Club, Aleass.
dria, sad Mrs Aliss Curry of the Warser,
dhrew rt; Mn S J earty had as guests,
Mrs hbutewerth. ef Bypatts, Whreveport,
and Mrs MeYer, ef the Mysolls, Alezs.
dra; Miss Uhopls eatsrtstaed Mses Kate
Jeees sad Hotge Bugl Leoney, eo the
Plua, Shreveprt; Mrs T P Casplis
bad lar guests, Miss Preeot. of the Der
tiek Made elab sad Mrs M foster, of the
Warser, Shreveport.
Ar W H Jaek eatertaled Mrs lidley
sad Bater, ot she 8Bo* Charisable As
esaett, Shreveport; Mrs Z ie Smlth,
Mrs Cloud, et the Wemasa's Ultu.s, and
Mis Bee of* the Pierts, Messes.
Mrs Ad KaM estertalad Miss Uamlle
Levy of the Authors elb, Shreveport
Mrs Phanor Breassale had a guests,
Mrs Saiek Basiltos sad N U Blaohard
et Mypstas. hrevepert.
MAs Jame Asdrews, of the Maguous
slat, Aleiadrls, was Mrs B V Dc
bliesa's.
Madames MZeodrhak, .ef the Oak Left,
C(3ehatta Mases V Ioet sad Stbepessos,
of the Poear, Sbrveaort, were a
tertably dalelled a the Nermal.
Mr W Wthaiwe0 abd Mies Anale
Carter, of the Oak Leat, Uaushatta, were
at the Live Oat, s AMrn aIsabeth li.
moref Now Oriess sad Mrs Oe Tateh.
er, of he hurls'., lsetes, wse wish ars
tV Ilaesalo
The eeoselsglarmsatOa was sbtaied
tohem the Mahehes atserpes, th
spresent eab ebased to the poes teas,
richer-Ruiec Weddinq y
One of the society events of the sensi "
in Shrervport was the mnerriaga or I es
Susie Fisher and Mr Jnhn .Jnl'oan K oKi.
in the I'r, s'bterian (nureh. at 1t O't -4
Wedtresdir night. November 24, by K V
Matther' Van Lear.
'The iter iand the channel of the chirech
were tnkedi in potterd pl:ntc, prim4e r'
fern', swl ov.'r the right and leit ai, -
were archee in green and white and pIink
chrvsanthemum'. The ciurch. In a b' z I
of light, was d!Ied to overfl )wing by I
interested fBlands of the happy counpe.
Procrd'nt 'tbe oer.mony the audieice
in waitint u re enteriaindt delight'iti iy
with a dut by Mrs E:gvne Hibiette ind
Mrs John It Land, accompaoled by MWre
Mamie Botrqrlio, theskilltl and chabrmini
organist, who discourned choice selections,
appropr ate to the occusion.
At the appointoled time the groomsmen,
attiredt in full evening dress, and the
hridevmalid, in pins organdle with a pink
rosette in hair and carrying a biibh
of pink ohrysantbemumi . entered the
church in thbeir respective order anit
walked to the obhance, where they formed
nlato a semicircle, the groomemen betn:or on
the right and the briliesmalds on th, left
whbile the blHe with her maid of ho tor.
Miss Martha Slofleli. walked to the
chaenol, white the groom was met. The
i flee. was charming.
Ta b. td'. rnie was exqtiisitely b': -
tilul, with bit le'. rosts tied with
white Tom Thu bu ribbons, mallden tir
terns looped uip in the streamers that x
tended nearly to the il entr.
The attendants were:
Mal I of onor, Miss Mettle Mco'leld with
Mr F V iard; beat man, Miss Biessie
Fishlber with Mr 1 M t'oser, Jr; Miss Beasts
ytringlellow with Mr Ie M Wtllitms; Miss
Mamie Seweil with Mr I Utray; Misce
bybil Jones with Mr J A Ihigpen: Mine
Mary Hume Lin' isy and M. Wm Vanbe .r;
Mise Anna ElIntonr with Mr Alien Kenlds I;
Miss Neomie SBannall with Mr Wm L
Young.
SAlter the ceremony Mr and Mrs John
I Jackson Kline and their attendants ati a
few invited guests were entertaintedl at
the resideno' of the bride's pareste on
texas street, alter which the brile and
groom left on the train for Fort Smith,
where they will reside.
'lhe bride is the charming and saooom.
pllsbed daughter of Dr L Hl Fisher, ami is
one of the levellest 01 her sex. The gruoom
Ie a popular gentleman and for years a
resident ol bhrevseport. He is well and
favorably known Ia businese olroles and
is the manager of the Armour Pecking
Company's brnobh at Fort Smith, Ark.
May the choicest bleeigy 1of earth itteed
teem always.
5
*e
Died
Coad'lence is tendered Mr and Mrs Joe
T Black over the death of their brighlt and
beautalul b by boy, who lied Friday night
and was buried lat evening at 8:1J o'clok
in the new oemetery.
It is a comforting rtufotion to believe
that there has been added another pure
and loveable spirit to the hosts ain heaves,
who will ever more live in the fall glorj
Oyster Supper.
The ladies o toe Christian church gave
an oeyter supper last Tuesday nilght oin the
sew and attr otive two-story brick store
of MrJ W White o Texas avenue, for
he beonelt of the ohure. There was a
rge attendance and the nilght was spent
delighLutlly. The ladie eppreliate the
Iree use of Mr Whlte's building and thank
his and ethers who seeleted and for
e urtessee.
sss
eorsosal
Miss Willie Enadre has returned hone
after a delightful visit of tour months to
friends to aon Antoalo, tea.
Mrs Mattle lord aeeoppaled Mr and
Mrs John JAeson Kline to their home is
eort mitla asl will permaneatly reside
wz'.a them.
Srs d y Young returned home from
Miades Wednesday evening.
Mrs LU emith, of Beat.n, we a visitor
Is the eity Friday.
Aios Charlotte B Chamberlin, of Vicae
bLr, is in tbhe city on avilsit and is tae
guet of her brother, Mr W M Cameberil.,
at the residenceo of Col fngesyoea travis
aet set.
Mrs Waltheld Jack spent Sunday and
Monday with her parenti In Meanseld.
Mr T FeibiLg sad his sister, Miss tona,
o Decatur, ld , are the guests of their
aunt and unele, Mr and Mrs I forblong.
Mias Maggle Hodges Is visiting her
fri. ad, Miss Erma Nabor's in Maneeold.
Mr and Mrs Hearsey Hleliigsworth have
g ase to New Mexico, where they will
remain several weeitks.
Mr and Mrs Floyd Hodges have returned
bone after a brieL visit to Hot Springs.
Mrs A H Urawtold of LKansas UCity and
her nephew, are in the city visitting rela
tives and friends.
Mr and MreJohn Rodgers passed bthrough
t i city Sunday from Kansasu City ean route
to their home in Timpeon, Tex.
Capt Gao K Taatober as recreating in
B3uthern holuisaa.
Mr and Mrs Leon I Kahn left Mondas
fir New York, wvhere they will spend
several weehs before returning he.me.
Miss Kate Ward Englieb of Booeline is
the guest of Miss Lissie Reynolds.
Miss Sybil Z dlar let Wednesday for
oBe aumost, Texas, where she will visit
relatives.
see
It Yoe Would Be ropular.
I Philadelphia Timen I
Contribute of your best to the pleasure
of others. Stud.the chareter of eaeb and
sympathise with all i troubles or Ia Joys
however mall, says Womsns Life.
Be gentle to spech. Never retort with
as angry word, rememberling that the sec.
eoad weed make to quarrel.
Govern yourself, guard your tem per
avoti ame and pets and sulklinss.
Be seellSh, deay yourself and prefer
Oners; eadilly pardo any eadlas leek
0of attstlen.
loWoo of lb seasdal monger, and bhut
youtr ears o whbt ronghc nit to be r 'petted
Culttivate cheerfulness and amiabilit.'
A smiling face chaaes away glnoom. ` a
pleasant and kindly things when you
have the opportunity.
He not intoni'riant, agree to diffir In opi .
Ion, and refite to turn loul in discus to.,
irmember that your heast friend I. your
mother, and have nothing t o in with those
who thInk otherwise.
1)o not erp"ct too nmueh, hut lforbear and
forgrive. I) not obargi a h %i motive when
a rood one is cooe*lvable
1)o not monopolIst nonverantlon or a'
tentlon, and do not talk too much of your
own aft tirs. 'There is a limit to pespl:'d
interest in your concerns.
The G;iri To Be Avoided.
Mclell''4 M mgazine.l
She is the girl who takes you off in one
corner and tells you things bthat you
wouldn't repeat to your mothsr.
She is the gIrl who is analons to have
you join a party, which is to he a "dead
secret;" and at which, because people are
very free and easy, you are uncomfortabli
and wish you were at home.
She is the girl who tries to induce you,
'Just for fun," to smoke a olgirette, or 'o
take a gass of vine, andt you don't know.
and pdheirly she doesn't, that many of the
sinners of toifay committed their first sins
"Just for lun."
She Is the girl who persuades you that
bang is witty, thLat a loud dress tnt
attracts attention le "styliebsh," and that
your own simple gowns ar r dowdy and
utndestrahle. She doe'n't know, nor do
you, how many women have gone to l -
structton hbecause of their love for fltne
clothes.
She Is the girl who persuades you that
to stay at home and care and love your
own, to heli mother and to hay your
pleasures at home anil where the home
peop'e can see them, is stupid and tiresome:
and that epending the aiternoon walkling
up and down tlhu street, looking at the
windows and the people, is "lust delight
ful."
h8be is the girl who persuadi s you that to
be on very familiar terms with three or
four young men is an evidence of your
Scharms and fascnloation, Instead of being'
as it is. an outward visible sign of your
Sperfect folly.
Sh Be is the girl who persuades you that it
Sis a vesy smart thing to he referred to as
*a gay girl." Sheb Is very, very much
mistaken.
And of all others bshe is the girl who, no
Smatter how bard she may try to make you
believe ito her, ito the rgirl to be avoided.
ae
When the denlaets of this ountry can
d'esover a way to pull teeth without mak
lng a man wish he had been born a hen,
life will have twice as much brightness.
I havne lived long enough to see a wo
lan who has voted for president. I
esteem It one of the privileges of my
life. The lady voted in Colorado. She
is a distinguished musician, brilliant.
acomilished and popular socially, be
sides speaking four languages fluent
ly. She may never be able to vote
again if she stays in this benighted pld
New York, but at least her descendants
will be able to polot with pride to the
fact that their great-great-grandmoth
er 17 generations back cast her ballot
for preslident. At any rate, mine eyes
have bebeld her. I am not yet quite
ready to deCpart in peace, but I have
certainly seen a great thing.
A wife ran away with a tramp. The
tramp starvedl her and finally beat her.
In response to her piteous appeal her
husband forgave her and took her
back on the ground that she was out
of her mind when she eloped. A hus-"
band ran tway with hls wife's pretty
sister. When he was tired of it, he
was also welcomed back repentant to
his home, and the word was given out
that he had been temporarily insane.
That is right. Any married person
who elopes with another's husband or
wife is undoubtedly crazy.
Mrs. Rosalle Maul of Denver has
built up the largest greenhouse busi
ness into the northwest In artificially
heated glass houses are raised every
thing from palms and ferns to aspara
gus. 11ecr pialmhouse is a visialon of lanod
scape from the tropics. In Denver it
self she has six greenhouses and in a
village near by 12. All these grew in
17 years out of a tiny glass roofed
roonm heated by a stove. Three factors
contributed to Mrs. Mauff's success.
She is a woman of rare business ability
to begin with. Next she started her en
terprise where there was a good mar
ket. Third she superintended personal
ly every detail of her work "from
planting seeds to decorating churches,"
the Denver Times says.
In the states in which women vote
for presidential electors the returns
show a largely increased balloting on
their part. In The Woman's Journal
Mrq. Chapman Catt gives Instructive
statistlics from the states in which wo
man suffrage amendments have been
twice defetated. In Kansas the vote in
favor has increased from 9,100 to 95.
302. In Washington a majority against
it of 19.381 a few years ago dropped to
9.882 in 1898. South Dakota In 1890 de
teated the measture by 23.110; in 1818
by only 3.285. In 1884 Oregon went
against by 18,953; this year by only
2,033. In Oregon the negative votes
were this year withliI a very snutll fig
ure of what they were in 1884,. showing
that the old hunkers who voted against
then still live and slumber, but the in
creased vote of the state is very largely
on the side of woman's citizenshin.
This favorable growth, It is to be re
membered, is in the immediate vicinity
cf the states where women now have
full suffrage. IA)ok out next tiute:
San Diego. Cal., rejoices in severa;
athletic young women boat crews.
Subscribe for the Cau
casian.
ý.' ~ 111
KTILL. I
tII
The rill 4i the - urn of man. (:rrmn Prov.
erb.
Theire Is little olt tht thathe ab ove
Is true. A nation th1at Is ru .z in its
si114l1itcty ant14 strength oiif chI4:4a44tlr lt
dt I to'ins th lie 1oft4. I ni 4ent to re41t, 4
Oin the othl r hIand, the linllli it mAnl t
pleasure loving Icountries teoulb hardIly r,
exist wilt hot there. in the Neiw Env-t I
m11111 farm1 ho se the enhlon h' nl11t 0nhn'4st
all unkI4no44 n Il i inntlity. 1'erhnI ns in the14
"hes room" It imy ht: , fo1nll i44. 4 rin.
*lllv e4' hro1 ler44 elr' aff, ltr. er4 u14iit4'1 by1
114e hInhlls of the daughtet'r 4of the house.
It rests Iin it 4r4 i i'right i 14itio nt t
one se41 of the horsehair sfau. It Is
Sm:ail' to look ut and 41in144r'. but never,
1ne1e4: to III trit4on:' In Tii u rk y. on the11
contrary, the plilocs unail the (I lo 1w.
are the wholte furnishing of tho room,
gorI' Ious il ' h1114' u144ln iolor, It n1144 4I4 4
g44re44 in quNintity, soft, a4 1 4ring it 14
no ol4m1d4er the Ti'Ilurks l e Ii4h4 1 laziest t
t peoil4in t4he v 1 ri44 But 1here coi4e4 r o
r thl. serious'4I part. A44rl ing to 1y 4
r ar1u441t, th14n, w are 4 l44a4' er1 tin ' . t
Never befor, hate 1 autiful 14illowa
been i s l 4 4rlenon 14l. nti4 never tiil c'
o 1alno n u4ed11 Are we, then, bet
a cominlng 41 I4, r s n nationi 1 11t A 4l shall
we aleso 4omie virelms of the pillow?
1 su4f44r> t not. Halt I will whisp4 ter Iin
0 your our tfny r(u'1 I. The new Cushions
r are almost without excepliof 4na41e to
r look ut. t
IIt woolp be an utter bruth, for In- '1
r stanve, who wonllb have the h'nrt to
lay his frowzle on1 the following f're- I
ul
in oni 'hr!.
ie
id
FOR COLLrIUO MUM.
that the leaves Actually grew on maple
and oak trees. They were pressed in
books and then glued lightly to the
satin surface. Then they were covered
by a bit of white silk illusialon, and this
was carefully .'mbroldered around the
edges with red brown or green silk to
match the edge of the leaf. It Ia a gor
)geous cushion arnd one of the nlatest
fads. I'ads! How I hate the word. It
symboltzes alLthat ia silly and affected,
but what a blessing it is to shopkeepers
and what a mint of money It sends
j ingling Into their pocketml
Thre is the artificial lower craze,
for Instance. Would you believe It, it
has actually struck the cushbions?
"What color is your room, madam?"
"Pink and white."
"Then you certainly want a rose
eushlon."
And you see a square of palo tinted
satin with a huge pink rose appliqued
in the middle, with the large velvet
petals stitched down flat and the fluffy
center of crimped silk left to stick up
right, to tickle your ear if you should
feel Inclined to lay your weary head
upon it, which you don't! 8tunning. df
coursef And the pansy and chrysan
themum cushions are even more so. I
forgot to say that the leaves and stems
of the flowers are all done In flat em
broidery, and so are the buds. It is
only the one large central flower which
is. so to speak. In has relief.
Two striking affairs are made of
lace. O)ne is called the howknot and
the other the patchwork pillow. In
the patchwork lace figures, black,
white and yellow conventional flowers,
bowknots. diamonds. etc.. are set over
pale pink. blue or yellow satiu pieces-of
I the same shape. and these are ap
pligned on a iunckground of viuite or
black silk. giving a very odd effect.
The lace howktiot consists of three ap
pliqued bows and ends of white, black
WoSa AN'1 LAC T IN'RTIOM.
and yellow lace. It gI' es an effect like
a monogram in A ii uh each letter is
distinrct and yet all three are mingled
gracefully.
"'They marked that $4l at Clhargem's,"
rermanrked a friend of minel "nd, if
you please. I made mine out of three
remnnants of dress trimmings appliqued
on a section of my old orange silk pet
Sticoat "
What in the world, I ask you, would
-- - --- a,
1. ; , i themr
I h ,, t' I ' 'H
ii Iii N .111 l.. 1.i
Hill ti - , - n1 i :it I' _, t
ur ;ý, 1I.I i l l' 1 II ~I'ill [ .1 I :1111 111
l it 1i i. I i'. l' l ' i 1 i. 111 . ,o , er
sl h t , ll '.4 1 11 in I :l t :1 111 'ii
pr, tailing ., Iiine t. I . II .in.ta ce,
h I , I l Ii la v l l' h1 g
It 11 4 11111i tratl In thii ii i, " o veiri
the %,'t"" ' If a t :1 lI inin I ril "fi tilit' I oly
lu tih, Pale" (' ineke:'t. :Ind !w >\ l"% t the
l -ft it''1 t 1 i r-tltde it , .r i - I bo in
upnllltt r: 1 tw it 11 ,11 I( n 1 11.r rt. [
1i mIIIiii i li flrli erii ' I l ilu ti f the
rli ' l I' I\ iv1 i hiich huik '.1 iuii 1r pillow
lIre vt-i- in-i-k ii oil lii. In ni-i-il--i.- ti-t h
arl that tilre- mlnl bui irt et lull hie
I Kl ATI'liy J ATIlll gtK,
ltro l mi' i l n . tIie'nt I rnlien l little gilt
oall tli- rNo,. Ilt t r t n t lihatsil y rit
of t la itidl 11 mill or liirel to ti h t , a r . of
"ti'' ~pi~llow Iou't lust re ti in orror.
SIgIn irl who - v.ilvuot i lnit of r 1,n rk I over
cne'l l u'r isl Jithe Inbe n IIo ii i it pileth
ot irllow ilen ehkls flr eriillend iil'Uth
brave's ne'ck nn1l till dan en"1ne( with
ht'r iii rIri l tell skirt set fill[ of
iinti 'rly ripri l el i yin.
ic-ke-r chi' ,iirr a rllig n o u-nhlr' niat
lent "kitty" hr ri y~roitd ofC uicn aroutiln
Slrthe erway, those Indian te choice areiot
to: -q·
all the rnge. They '"onl' printedt lin cot
ton will paintt1 or burned on Plintther.
They are suppIanting ' om-- wat the
"vi et" pillow. rn Ion't start in horror.
I rcnA mrely e oting a rmrk.rk I over
heardl st the cuihlon 'ounttter. The
pmen khve halc J at leenit tingy dinio't a pilem
of ropillow designs for olego m."tn's
rollc I. tiThey repreentey are n yit ngt a
't'nes, sutch as a pile of enrtls and
poker (,hips surroulnding an etnhlemnt
lent "kitty" or it crowd of mnul arond
a large beer sti with the esre hoice motlln
to: . 5 .
hven lila wmar'.ullne attrIbute wf1ll be
We'ng'{~..o let us drink and let us +ingI
"hear me!" she remarked. "If wo
men have vices, at least they don't em
brolder them."
which Is true. They are not yet at
Mieted with the desire of ndvorilming
their badness. Rut patience! Perhaps
even this masculine attribute will be
theirs in time. VI
Lead of the Powder Pet.
In every country where women make
a pretense to elegance you will find the
little powdtler pIff. It in tiaelesa for re
formers to preach against it. Their own
shiny faces counteract any effect their
words might produce. In wanm coun
tries especially it is valued as an aid to
heauty, and Cuba in particular has
gained the name of "The Land of the
Powder Puff."
Even when bread was so scarce that
tbousands of people were literally
POW f) KPUFF.
starving. there wnas no nlack of face
powder even namong the poorest. Ev
ery Cuhnn woman, frymr thie noctierna
rinn grand ilnine to the little li:intnt
girl of o; or 7 siuntrier, regards powder
as an absolutei nicestity to her !ttr:net
Ivi(llsm uaniid far iiorre Illportant than
mure wiap, nil water.
In overy ( itfan school tfoenhere nnd
pupils niike are well powdered. and In
ev cry ldek In tro i e found a powdler
box. In rftorie niil Iirshops whevlre wio
nein are emiiployed, dlirectly the Ihnnd
of the clock point to the hour of the
lint'cheun, every girl stopsi work ind.
getting out her powaler, proceedscl to
adorn herself.
rniquoc t'perwceight.
It rermnined for t he Prince of inales
to atartii thii woril of fashion 'witih a
new f;il in rpa.'rwrIghta, liit it I safe
to gay that he will Iiave few imitators.
11 nui eroii urlinetteri are held in place
by thie urunmliel hand of a (lanighter of
one o' the pharoisri. Thii a i withoiut
doubht the niost curinou deeik rrliri r ent
lu exiRstence.
Elepbant. an Nursemaids.
lamniese miotihers Intrustlt their chil
drien to elepnhiniits wfiho ane most care
fule of their httle charges. If dlanger
j threatens, an elephant will gently llf
the child with its trunk on to its back
eat of harm's way.