; BROOHAN. H. F. DOLL, Jr.
TheBroghan.Doll FurnitureCo.
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL
D)EAIERS IN
NITURE, MATTINGS LENOLEUM, RUGS, MATTRESSES Etc.
W e. -!` ' lhic d ,no c mil,', (' line ,f l;. \\'rii'ti ])ceq1,. an1 ])retmti
¾le in ,. . :. . lO .. cyc 1 .. :m l I ý, l .f: igay. 1 prigh l Ma hntle
11 .', n in11 ( 'l'll l vd ce nor I . ne. blIf re , uliving.
S PROMP'N P \ 'IIENTIO')N O) ( C NTFRY O),I,.RIS.
uality and Design...
Are Indispensible in Furniture and
PRICES TO PLEASE
the next proposition. I can guarantee satisfaction
IN ALL THREE. Can furnish your house
complete (excepting kitchen). The Newest,
Nicest, Neatest Goods in town.
J. A. STEPHENSON, HEARNE BUILDING.
S.,. U. DREYFUSS & CO.
WHOLESALE DEALERS IN
Goods, Boots, Shoes and Hats.
CORNER SPRING AND CROCKETT STREETS.
MPT ATTENTION TO COUNTRY ORDERS.
HERMAN LOEB
DEALER IN
SWool, Tallow, Beeswax, Furs.
ERCE STREET,'NEXT TO V. S. & P. RAILWAY.
SHREVEPORT, LA.
to t e sellers the best prices obtained in St. Louis, New
rg, Galveston and Houston markets. Prompt returns.
,:a '.Kdof
e Fedand
;;ie we
re rilpidýo ie we fr r ad
i/4^ s 5ýy ,"
pr ~ ~ ~ s mid ýedi okpitn
pre in shou bear -., nir,- that`ýýý
br"
"'-3
eqtless, ~ ~ i· edes r omn
TALMAGE
SERMON
By Rev.
FRANK DL WITT TALMAGE, D.D.,
Pastor of J&Toffrsoan J'.rk Presby
tPrianl CO:urch, Ca .w.go
t i' h ; '',. I::2 n i. I . 't l'w ::: '2 1 s5
( :' ll'01.5(' ,li tll ti'iV y(il- r n l
h:1:i .(, a :u;. m] t(, 11( h ll,' L,' !" t ;i£ i th(o l0 '
I .ay mikl e t ,' c(.:ir V ( l.n{ w ith
Itriumph.111 spiriituhl a,,c' h + ; (' IImmm 1n . Ii.:
t( xt is i'PrIove'i s ix. ]1. "l'he y(.l's of
thy life' .shall he,' in r 1" Sed.
ITaippy l t,,wl' k ,.r' I h'nit to y0
the go.llw l lls t:ilt: ion. I brili it to you
with a s(lil ' n1101 the lip. wiith joy
wellinig uIp in tlhe he:art. I Iring it to
ynou hol(lis(e I hola it is to Il the best
IandIi the' most lnmtmentul:s y(e:r of all
your lif('.
1 :I n n g'oing to he 1n uostxl'l I'olhet
this morning. 1 am not only going to
tell you that this ntew year is to be the
hest year of your life, but it is also go
insg to ,1e a Ir'crl'sor of maliny other
useful years. I :tim gning to say to you,
Its Sololuoll said of ald. that oin ecountlll
of this ('co ing y(':(r (cl'nnsecr:,tl, ed to
t(ixl youlr earthly lon;rit'ily shall he
lengthened. "'The y':ars of thy life
shall be iu(.creased.''
('ha le's Dickens wrote a fanllus hook
entitled ."Grea:t Ex pIlclttions." But
the Enig lis1 writer d(1: not have as
mucih I'ight t1 11n(' lthat .:llttion for his
nto'vl as I have for this (01rt')l. As
(Thrist sni( tn to the alit:d :1 1. "At(cornd
intg to l faitih, s )Ioe it nlo you.'"
DIY t'aith 1' iay ,o i. ite. AN(,i-r si. ,I
I xwas h.orll ha v(' I had 'lgrealerl falith illn
the IlVer' of Ch('rist to sa\ce andI Iless
than 1t the re'('Snt t;inu. 'herefore,
on (Oe('Olllunt of my hol i'f n till t R(,owr of
Jesus ('hrist that he 4.n1i m1l1 will save
your soul during the cioming ye34'. I
know thalt this is to h!e the most in
portaut 'eur' of your life.
My great expectations for yore spir
itual welfare and your consecration of
the noet year are trot only founded
upon lily owW faith, hut also upon the
faith of an earnest hand of scores and
scores of praying men and women who
are loyally seeking your good. This
band is composed of your friends and
your loved ones. It is an all conquer
lug band wnicdl shall soon. aye. I think
today. capture your soul for Jesus
Christ. We have read what Garibaldi
did for Italian freedom. What had he
to offer his followers? Nothing but
hbnger and pain and wounds and ex
hie. nBut above all these privations
(f'aribldl lifted the standard of lib
erty, and the young men focked to his
side by the hundreds and the thou
sands. ,It may not be an easy task to
eiptiure your sinful heart for Christ.
rut-tte gospel prize is so great that
the ,ae.*wte bins of wborker nurrnound
tg me, (ike the. Itallai patriots, are
witin- toh . go through any privations If
:they eaon ouly bring you a repentant
sinner to the foot of the cross. We
have read what Toussaint L'Ouver
tire did-for Haitian freedom. Wen
deft Phiflips In his famous oration de.
dated that this southern leader was a
greasrs man than Washington. Nape
eo-. Caear. than Alexander the Great.
Btt a~l the conquests by whiheb the
oiatW Amentrean leader and his little
iEdi of followers were able to throw
eft .$Orepean tyrannies are as noth
1i .i t ,their eternal re.ults when eom
ared to so.r 6 te' glorious hspiritual
Setr slewh i'ph shall be -won during
t h e .tng year for Chris t-to b.e ton
this band.: o arne wprotying wort
era whe are Aurrongtdiu me at the
present _time. So n. thi-s irst Sunday.
awe g~e you tair warning that in
`,:the tas of ..Jesus (Prist -e are about
h £oe upi yo s ainful hurt. ti'e
mrr to captureyt uer whole life
tf Jest le Christ.
tie:s . New Te Be Reslvwes.
ow, eas .a gospe transfortmation is
S ke ein your life, I am go.
'fyenhcl h seoe o ft the new re
> t h hi this openingaf year fisto
riftue. I am about to tell you
Jitfi p@ v# bhog ye ate *oig "to
gt isei t utg that are beblad and
taoteh uto thaose- thingo that are
had pes toward the mark for
- tt l the high ealling 't Good a
;evou"r * pasasls and to
1 p as e:t sited ther atsad: uthb
8to Wtli s tio be oan of your
e destre. tyt the ewa iag year.
a * *eat etlsange in your life
wld-foke died.- You may have
ls agesbeopp a growtap man and
e !awa an home ie , ten, or ever
itteea yge, beoe you re eived the
ftieltea tee year , sater: ?'Come
et a-n. q tttr e is dying." Yet
s t ,t 11t t 41 1id you willfully let
yePg et t lte, the waetktroin of ysin.
,oWI til hat time 41d you say in a sin
-Sta g 'is Welt it does :not matter
15ci4 hat be'. o es of m.e. Mother is
esed~ea aatt ~ at Ir Is dead. Even if
1 Ws wnl knd become dissipated they
wi: ndt hesr ot it" Pr a ,few years
4 fur ,tatler's* death your oldest
1tsit )to take` your motlher's place.
ve 8t y night she uouLd write
s. ;n a eras youpr her dc- iunt
uw tougb her lettosf were
sadJ>rlitt and told you ?tow the
911' * qt1'9 %ettiaig on her
S ti ring ao yur heart like
a They- =d i not so often
fth O tit e ? %q od boy and uay
a e i eSad your Bibilt and
thi hey ded tbegin walt
- M dear b·i"' YfShe
you with mighty power. 'Man, you are
tired of sin. You are tired of yourself.
You might feel a little better if you
could only put your heal In her lap and
have ni good cry. lutt you :aln't. 1,
yout know what: is Ill lMatter'? I }l,',
y41o ;1:11t I .:r ,( n 1 :1 " v. jI11-I 1111t sa n1 t. l.
1hey did (:* (,hi.
th ('tea'rs tl "' lhe:. I . 11. u:.1 - in a I4t111. h
.l::sl \c e,,,q. lll l. ,li , i,, " 11i I';(" 11i : ,'1 ,i
ai n I I'' '
100' s 1111011 1 t' 4, 0;11_., : lt + ;I
W : r' :1,, .111., 1. :'l
l h r' 11.1 I t I, 1C,. 3' ' 1 j ij .;1 t. , : , , I t , l
nt)iie ( bite w\r e' I ;. ' ; vi ..·I 'tn lr :1nijih; r
di(14 as they w rII 'ld. " I h -111 r11 1111
lioS(.' p1: rellI;al Itel:iu 1 tlp114 t 4 iu4r h11,11
and II, art. d)iscoulr:g'ld lll4l,. th441:ly
went ic l of tie sinful w or.hl, as you sit
, thei'"e with the tears rlllI.iinn g d4ow'':h
your cheeky, ymu think lhey are your
tears. They are not. They are the
tea1s of ymul4r lead aln redeemtned fa
ther and nmolther, which IGod has long
been preserving In his sacred bottle.
They are the tears of Joy which your
father and mother are now shedding
in heaven, beei:use the white winged
angels have already dtown to the Celes
tial City to announce to n o 11ent that their
boy Is 'wearied of sin: that their boy
Is now ready to cast himself upon the
love of Jesus and be saved. Oh, today
the siered hand of Christian worship
ers about tle can hardly keep from
elolppilg thar hands in joy. Truly
this Is not only for us, but also for
your repenting soul, a: h appy, happy
now year day. ,
'oar Mlotherhr' Memnory.
This 01ia+'ht to I1e -p4' ciahlly a happy
Inev (or" for you, r.epenting. sinful
L1an. Ihent41., 4now tl' good works of
your (ead father anr 1 4l4ther are ahout
to hioe erp.etuatael through the coming
centurles. YWhen your mother died.
you said: "I do not wint for her any
expeo.sive funeral or useless show. I.
do not want any trained choir to sing
any classical mausic by her casket. I do
not want fer her a public funeral. I
do not even want her body to be taken
to the church. Let her sleep as long as
possible in the bed where she died.
Let her funeral he by her own fireside.
Let a few friends gather here who
loved her. Let some young girl who is
a friend of my sister slng a simple
song like
*~* ,+#- to wh M, . t T,,.
song like
"Safe In the arms of Jesus,
Safe on his gentle breast
"Mother was not fond of society. She
was a home body. She lived mostly for
father and us cillldren." Well, my
brother, if your mother was a home
body and lived mostly for her children.
do you not see, that if you refused to
repent, refused to consecrate your life
to the cross, refused to be a good
man and live a pure life, your sinful
asets would be damming back a great
part ot her prayels and the good results
of her life? When your mother died.
you gathered up all the kind. sympa
thetic letters which were written to you
about ther past kindnesses. You also
had the officiating minister write down.
his funeral address. Then you had those
letters and that address all printed and
hound together into a booklet, which
you called "My Mlather's Memorial."
But. man, tht migliflest and most tri
umphant memorial you could ever
make of yeor mother's life is your own
life consecrated to the service of Jesus.
She put her blood and her life into
your life. So. man, this ought to be a
happy year. for you. It ought' to be
happy because by your own consecras
tion to the service of the Lord Jesus
you are here and now ready to let your
mother's prayers echo and re-echo and
resound in your prayers. Her good
deeds will find a true continuance, in
your good deeds. Her Christ shall hire
after he worshiped with a sweeter look
because be is also now her boy's Christ.
The holy endeavor to fulfill the past
pledges which you have made to God
shall be another desire in.piring you
during this pnsuing happy new year.
All your pdst days have not been
bright and' happy days. The meadow
larks do not sing when they, hear the
merciless growl of the destroying cy
clone. The red roses of June do not
like to rest their blushing cheeks
against a January snowbank. You
may have welcomed the mapy congrat
ulations which your friends showered
upon yeo in your younger days of tri
umphs. But you have also had your
defeats and heartaches and disappoint
.ments. Y6o have also had your days
when you lay upon a bed of sick
ness. You have had days when your
life was hanging by a slender thread,
ready to be snapped by death at any
moment. Your wife and mother nurs
ing you at the time did not thiqk that
you fully realized bow sick you were.
You did. You knew it by the anxious
way the doctor watched. You knew
by the 'tre the nurses took in giving
the proper medicines at the exact time.
Then--oh. then in that dark hour you
felt as did the poor fellow whom I
burired some weeks ago. One Saturday
he was at work in seemingly full
health. The next Monday he lay upoe
the. operating table as a last resort for
his life. After the operation they told
him he had to die. lie looked rup in a
pathetic way and said: "I do not want
to .te. I amn afraid to die. Oh. do not
let me dier!. What did you do in, that
hour of your- daangerous sickxnu.ss'
In the Dark HIorr.
Vh'at did you do in that tlark hour of
trSoublie, when yon kerw tha:t rio hu
t.an aid could rescue you ? Did you
*~i practically say at that titme. "O
SodL . If, yen .wfill. make nm well and
-o-e to my rescue I will give up all
Say li.e to thee and thy service?" Yes,
l a. made you well. God
ve you kept your
.,: ;:s? These broken vows are to
d' :,OI tlviug ilto your bleeding, repent
ut ! .a;lt the shar; . keen datg.ger of re
rtlOV,.o. .1s :I ml:Iii of honor :ald charac
toer, - the grtt'e ft' ( hal. you tIday
are going to ii` I'e toi thlos+" Ip st
, i' s. I If el it. I lno;l '\ it. I ln
r :h I: r : an;itl ! h ii .un' ! ' l;t ,5 I .
t l hi i t ll1 lie it i - hi " < `i;. 1:!i 1i ! .i
l'i "'t i- t iii i .',It tIh oi . ii' 1.'. I' l1. I ti'.
ienteet'd titni beselit Ibfore lltm. I i tixed
a- keen and7 yet a lot itg eye upon the
ti'erclh t. I hl look t pil et; rated I'lie in
nortotst eliatlers of his temple of con
science. "One year ago tonight," said
the stranger, "your daughter was sup
posed to be dying. Whom did you atil
upon for help? Whom (lid you promise
to serve at that thei? 4kod. Ten yvers
ago you were supposed to be lying upon
your deathbed. Had you died at that
time. you would have left your family
penniless. Whom ldi you pIIrom(ise to
serve If he made you well? . (,od. Fif
teen yea.'urs ago youi joil(li the churche
dilhintg itI time of religious i waketin g.
Have you kept your pledges itht "you1
tlade to Jesus Christ at tt t!! tite?"
"Nay, nv,"' anslwered the i ilerlchattt ini
his dream. "lut I will. From heIeut-
forth I will, I will." And ftrom tIhii t tot
taetitt It' Iitifttl merehatnt lived a new
life. This ensuing year, like the naoltu
rable dream of the sleepilg ter-hanitt.
is to open for you a now life. It is it
be a year when your shall endeavor to
foltill the broken promises vihicth you
long ago m::de to .Jesus (lChrist.
Jo y of the Coming tMonlhs.
oHappy new year to you, sinful man.
Why happy? Because duridg the com
ing twelve montihs you shall for the
first time enjoy the sweet blessings and]
exhila:rations of Christian service. The
joy of a self sacrificing Christian life
does not appeal to the average uncon
secrated man. He says to himself:
"What is the good of sacrificing for
other people? They never appreciate It.
MLy doctrlte Is to look after number one
and let number two look after himself.
The world will always ride a willing
horse to death. Then the -only obse
quies that willing horse will ever get are
a scavenger's cart for a hearse and a
glue factory for a crematory. No. no.
no. The beaties of self sacrificing do
not appeal to me. The more I have the
more people respect me. The less I
have the less. they respect me. The
more I am willing to serve others the
inore my motives will be misjudged.
end I will be misrepresented."
Stome time ago I was riding through
the country on a long trip. The team
of horses was compaeed, of a big, pow
erful animal who was just as lazy as
he was big and strong. The second
was a little wiry animal who tugged
and pulled all day long. Yet, strange
to say, every time we came to a hill
the driver would take out his whip and
begin to beat the little horse. At last I
protested. I" said: "Why do you whip
that little horse? Why do you not hit
that big, lazy brute, who is always
lagging behind and hardly keeping his
traces taut?" "Oh,." answered the driv
er. "I know you do not understand
much about horses when you ask me
such a question as that. The reason I
hit the little horse is because he is the
willing horse. That big horse is the
balky horse. If .hit him, he would
immediately ilu down and begin to
kick this wagon all to pieces. There
fore I whip the little willing horse to
keep the big balky horse agoing." Then
I soliloquized to myself, for at that
time I was not a truly converted man:
'Ah, how true, is that of the world. If
a man tries to do anything for human
ity, he is the willing horse. HIe is
kicked and cuffed and cursed and
browbeaten. The balky horses, the
useless horses, the selfish horses, are
always the kindly treated horses and
the happy horses."
But though I made that deduction
many years ago I have now. en
tirely changed my mind. The willing
men of the churches are always the
happy rien. The self sacrificing men
are always the rich men spiritually.
They are not the selfish men. They are
not those who will grab and keep all
that they can. The Dead sea is bitter
and acrid and saline and repulsive
merely because it has no outlet and only
inlets, while the waters of the moun
tain brook laugh and gurgle and sing
merely because it lets all its waters
run away toward the sea. Who do
you think was happier, Herod, bloody
Herod, loathsome in mind and spirit,
or Paul, who had given up his whole
life to Jesus? Herod, with Jewels on
his fingers, or the apostolic tentmaker,
with his hands greasy with ropemak
ing? Do you think Napoleon was hap
py? Napoleon Bonaparte, the selfish
human monster, who used the map of
Europe for a chessboard; Napoleon, who
used to capture kings and queens with
out compunction; Napoleon, on his way
to coronation, who turned and bitterly,
said in reference to the cheering French
populace: 'Bah! They would curse
me to the guillotine as gladly as the-:
would cheer tme to a throne." Or would
you sooner"have the happiness of a D.r
Duff pleading for India, or David I,:1"'
ingstone pleading for Africa. or Adoni
ram Judson pleading for 'rnrm:., orI
,John Paton pleading for the Nt w iIeb-i
rides? Who do you think today isi
happier, the woman who is o:ily living
for social conquest or the Salvation A r
.ay girl, gotng with a loaf of bread in
e zgba4 sd '0 Bible in the other .handi
: Au1s o to
tf lO ' It+. + is ho 1 ..i r4\1 I I,'l.',''
, ithll m I '" : i ll'+ ,o e lr ,,In I· i I h
5I4II 11::11 I'(11W
i" ( ' i : 1 . - v 1. I 11 111 11
1'5a 'i .11 1r1,. w "' , 0. I' irish r.s t'.
ri, 1 :1 . . i .l
x 11I1. 1.1 I N 1 1 I i'iIl1,
tions." i ? t de ls.t st erI on fron t..1
unswI 'rs I . r.c1'itv1 . d fron. fir1 ds V 11'ho,
I met. I,;Every 0o " n , lltl l(wu 1t,'st : wli i
this 4 1n' . srit"1nce. "W' i1:11 is . your N4w
cIlr's r1sull4ioI n?"u 1 1o:ls' 1n:11 !1, s1aI
thing. ::But many i t ;`; is5'l t l14' tll' is: " wi
have not I ot: : l. 1I vil l. ll111: , so Ill' :llf
SNcwV " '( i 'Ls's r, so.!lutih I i r 1I i' pIsIlt :11:1
broken tll lll tilO 1 I di o 11 ii l to
make 1 i!y mor1." m '' t I .11 1 1 1.(.1 tle,'l
and (i1o ni, t io11w h: iii' to lll eT yIr' tigll
a chan or lwoary or c\\', 'il hIii]o '-sh 1'e1(p
jrl'(5achei104 NOW Yu1'sI clst V w1o 11o(4s nott
mationts. s ome1 I' y :l , o Ist.i' t utl' ohessa
N.ew Y('sllr I'esldIt "Nw y1 go (1t,1 slu
tounr o"n Strlhe gtll that tryl' to Ifrl tlo,
with et vory old t'lwoltilln. lost h11
you are olung agstl nll il g:111i. I:llut
my brothlr. thisat I y os gointg h11 .
different y uitr frol'i all otri's 1.thn
know your w(e'SaknlISses oIad &i51i5l4'rS.
You ko now you c(annIlot lwin 11 pri'lua
success intruth. yo own streng- the. sr.
fore you are Yeadyt to conscientiously
ask God to help you in the struggle of
life. He will do it. Yeo, he will give
you the dioine strength which will nev
er, never fail. Cling to him, my brother.
Cling to him as Jacob wrestled with the
angel in prayer, and he aill bless you
and never let you alnnot a tuall.
success I bethin your own myself that there is
something for which to congratulate
the praying band of Christlati workers
who surround me and also for the rev
pentant man and repentant woman.
ou came into this chuorch today with then
differl ent to the Lord Jesu will bless Christ
and have now surrendered your heart
to m. You bethink me into this room pre i
tically an enemy of the cross. You
re now buckling on the armor to join
opentantr gospel ranks and to become one of
our Chre tian comrades. We have read
how the French king sent forth Mar
shaY Ney with the royal troops to cap
tore Nahpoueon after his escape from
the island of Elba. When the soldiers
came in sight of the unarmed and doe
throned ruler, Napoleon, instead of
running, turned and threw back tone of
lapel 'Ct his coat da he cried, "Men,
will you shoot your emperort" With
that Marshal ey with they threw down his
sword at Napoleon's feet, and all the
soldiers began to weep and cry, "Long
live the eland perorl" And the soldiers
who went forigth to capture a pretender
to the throne returned to Paris to drive
Louis Philippe out of the Tuilerdes.
That was dramatic. But today a more
dt'amatic scene is taking place within
the walls of this church. You came
hers an enemy of Jesus Christ. Yon
today are going to join with us and
who weght for the Divne Masptuter. O. shall
we not cheilippe outha oll we not praise
God for your advent to our company?
Shall we not look upon your re-enforce
ment as a presige for us of a happy
new year?
Brother and sister in Christ. the work
before the church is stupendous. This
gospel battle is to be no child's play.
We have welcomed you into our ranks
in the name of Jesus. Now close up
the ranks. Now kneel, and make one
earnest. lhtense prayer before we start
on our new gospel campaign. Now,
are you ready'.- Forward in the name
of our Captain! Forward against the
citadel of sin! Forward for the re
demption of our loved ones! Forward
to capture Chicago for Christ! For
ward. march! Forward. march!
[Copyright. 1(Yi. by Louis Klopsch.]
The' Task Wan Impossible.
The plan to e',ect eight granite mon
oliths in the chancel of the Cathedral
of St. Joihn the Iivine in Manhattan
has been given rip at last. The con
tractor has for yoars been trying to
turn out lthese columnls entlire. sixty
feet long. but no maachinery exists by
which they could be turned without
breaking by their own wright. So the
contraict has Ibeen modified to allow
the colunrrls to be in two sections. thir
ty-six alnd eighteen feet long, resrl,"
tivly, thl' bace. plindhs anl eni:;'.4i
to be add-d. "Thrt o4f tlh('s will i
be erected. 1: .h ,'<1 i Nl .
w ii l - t l b e t l I ' u1 i t:
n elii t'n't.
It Is :ot . . ,
twenty y: . .
Steyn w",..,
struggiir: . : in4
in the law : ' 'i. u-,!aI
to dine tt , ., .i p,,
sitlon of" ; h , f t l . -t:
dents is now . i-- t,,
need rurch-Ir
rules the Tran :tl F . ;;
is the former prermir of :p±, Colony
and BSteyi the former prtesident of the
Orge Rt'r v Colony.