President: YALE HICKS, Vice President
W. F. CHASE, Secretary-Treasurer.
DIRECTORS.
S, S. B. HICKS, F. H. GOSMAN, W F. CHASE
H. SCOVELL. G. H. STEVENSON.
HICKS COMPANY
[LIMITED.]
LESALE GROCERS
and COTTON FACTORS.
Warehouse Corner Spring and Travis Streets, and Corner
Texas and onomnier ý. -** et
DR. MOFF ETT'S
I
{TEETHING POWDERS)
ntum. Diarrhoea. Dysentery and the Bowel Troubles of Chil ren of
Digestion. Regulates the Bowels, Strengthens the Child and MAKES
* Cures Eruptions and Sores. Colic. Hives and Thrush. Removes
sras. TEETHINA Counteracts and Overcomes the Effects of the
upon Teething Children, and costs only 2o cents at Druggists. of
C,. J. MOFPETT. M. D.. St. Louts. Mo.
G.DREYFUSS & CO.
WHOLESALE DEALERS I_
ods, Boots. Shoes find 'Hats.
NER SPRING AND CROCKETT STREETS.
ATTENTIONi TO COUNTRY ORDER,.
nt our merchant friends in the country to
t our plant is brand new and up to now in
and all printing entrusted to us will be
t promptly and in the .'ery latest style.4
HE CAUCASIAN.
5eiw Bros. Dry Ooods Co, Itd.
USIVELY WHOLESALE DEALERS Is
ds, Notions, Boots, .Shoes
and Hats. d
Levee Street. New York Office 77 Franklin Street.
aa
!daily STAe N o l o.2daiiy S o.rdale y
s . L. Cb.isgo ...Ar 5A04p. M. 605a. m.
h.Tm - tL t -7 00 a. m. 7 h15 p.m.
r. ......Thebes ......k..d . .......g 12 01 o
" " ~Cairo ............w 1110 a.,m.
4 mam maio. Paragood rnnh...L ul 812 p. in. 618 m
B ...Jonesboro.....u 720 6 510ph~.......r
= Meub6 .Ar780 6548
F!airOaks - 0 8265m .v 0 ..9
~ priti wed riske .lay .Lod th chepes 2 id8 fe5al
~.. st....n.. B........... ....... ..... .10 .
..adn, " 0 6a .90"...A Sreveporr.. w42
" axarkana.. ... 7120asm. 600
.. .. ........mls .... ........1045p.m.91
. fýwdtb....."a10 15 110m
Tie. ............"155s.ui.1265pffm
............Oi.rsi"a11...1125pm. 866s.m.
... Waco ............ 900 ' 686
Cb m it anent for eomplete time tabies. rates and
SIMON COOPER.
Feed
ES
LOTS.
in the City
Tom Sts.
$7.
les Department
ring Streets.
NOTICE.
'et Court, Parish
of Louisiana Suc
Enders.
en that S. J. En
s this day filed
succession, and
thereto within
, the same will
prayed for.
e A. D. Land.
s, the 14th day
ARD, Clerk.
After Judge Swayne.
Tallahassee. Fla.. April 24.-Senator
Bailey has introduced a resolution in
structng the Florida delegaton in con
gress to institute proceedings looking
to the impeachment of Judge Charles
Swayne of- the Northern district of
Florida. The resolutfon charges that
"Judge Swayne's conduct has been such
as to create the belief that he has been
corruptly influenced; that he does not
reside in the state; and that he is ig
norant and incompetent."
Hester Suggested
Memphis, Apr! 24.-At a meeting of
the directors of the Memphis cotton ex
change a resolution was adopted urging
the appointment by President Roose
velt of Henry G. Hester, secretary of
the New Orleans cotton exchange, as
one of the isthmian canal commission
ers. Several prominent busness organ
izations in the south have adopted sim
ilar resolutions.
Cousin of Reed.
Durango. Mexico, April 24.-Harve3
Reed, a cousin of the late Thomas B.
Reed of Maine. died in this city. He
was a prominent engineer and one of
the most enterprsing men in this sec
tion.
W. would like to. sihow you Out ~drax
in kt"'ýt 3Y
TALMAGE 1
SERMON
By Rev.
PRANK DE WITT TALMAGE, D.D.,
Pastor of Jefferson Park Presby
terian Church, Chicago
Chicago. April 26.-In this sermon
the preacher shows by argument and
illustration the folly and danger of
writing letters when the mind is in
fluenced by anger or otherwise so ex
cited and disturbed as to obscure the
rational judgment. The text is Daniel
vi. 8. "Now. 0 king, establish the de
cree, and sign the writing, that it be
not changed."
King Darius was about to be caught
in a trap. The jealous state officers,
who had long been plotting against the
young prime minister, had at last
found a way in which they thought
they could destroy him. "Aba!" they
chuckled. "We will make the king sign
this young upstart's death warrant.
He will not know that he is doing it.
We shall play upon our royal master's
vanity and ask him to Send forth a
public letter and sign it. so that >e
decree cannot be chanced."
This public letter, or proclamation.
Was a singulat dobument. $ was dex
terously devised to exalt the king's su
premacy and was well calculated to
please an orient4 despot by making
him appear to his subjects as the ex
clusive source of all good. It prohib
ited every subject making any request
of God or man, save to the king only,
fo& a period of thirty days. These plot
ters knew that Daniel was in the habit
of praying to God every day, and they
were sure that he would continue to do
so in spite of the king's proclamation.
He Would uIius become an offender
against the lay and would incur the
penalty, which was to be cast into the
den of the lions. "Now," they would
say when the king signed the paper,
"we shall destroy that prime minister.
We could not do it by the sword, but
we shall do it by the king's impulsive
*ta." Their plot operated as they ex
pected. and Daniel was thrown into
the den of lions. We know how the
king lamented signing the setter, nut
how powerless he was to recall his sig
nature.
How many people bare had similar
cause for regret! How often words
written under a hasty impulse have
recoiled on the writer! Spoken words
may be forgotten, but written words
do not change. They may be used to I
coudemn the writer long years after
they were written; aye, after he him
self is dead.
Never write an important letter until
you have had plenty of time to think
It over. Foolish would be that lawyer
who would quickly give a decision
upon any important matter. After
hearing all the statements of his client
the wise lawyer says: "Wait until to
morrow, or next week, and I will tell
you what I believe you ought to do. I
do not wish to answer you without con
sideration. I wish to think this mat
ter over very carefully." A prominent
lawyer of the west once told me that
when he was preparing a case for court
he spent one half his time thinking of
the arguments which his opponent
might present and then a great part of
the other half planning how to refute
them. And yet the strange fact is that
men and women often, in the moments
of greatest mental excitement, will sit
down and dash off a letter upon the
most important of subjects; without
giving the brain time to cool or the bal
last of judgment to settle down in the
right equilibrium they will hastily com
mit words to paper which will decide
their whole earthly and perhaps their
heavenly destiny.
If He Had Stopped to Think.
Do you suppose King Darius would
have sent forth that decree. or public
letter, which condemned his premier.
Daniel, to the lions' den If he had
only stopped to think? Supposing the
king after be had written that public
decree had placed it under his pillow
and slept upon it, what would have
been the result? Would be not natu
rally have seented a fatal conspiracy
In, that request? And, my brother, If
you had oif `waited oxle or two days
before you sent that important letter
which did You so much harm would
you have sent it? Would you not have
destroyed It? After proper reflec
tion would you not have done exactly
the same as Edwin M. Stanton did un
der similar provocation? One day some
thing went wrong in the war depart
ment. Edwin M. Stanton, with his
mind burning at white heat, imme
diately sat down and wrote a most
vehement denunciation. As soon as he
had written it he took the letter over
to the White House and read it to the
president. Mr. Lincoln listened quietly
until the reader was through. Then he
gently said: "Stanton. that is a fine let
ter. That is the-strongest letter I have
e'er known you to write. Everything
penned In that letter is absolutely true.
But I would not send it today. I do
not believe in sending anything impor
tant like that quickly. Take that let
ter home and lock it up in your safe
and 1t your brain cool. Then at the
end of a week take It out and read it
again. Then, if you think best. I will
sign it and send it out over my own
name." In less than one week the
overheated volcano of Edwin M. Stan
ton's brain had cooled. Stanton's com
mon sense came back. He saw the
sending of that letter would be an
egregious error. He took it out from
the safe only long enough to throw it
into the fire. I commend the example
to you, my friend. When you write an
important letter. lay it aside for awhile
until you have had an opportunity for.
mature consideration.
Never write an important letter
whidh you would not be willing for the
whole world to see. Many statements
that are perfectly proper and rightly
understood by those who know us will
not be rightly construed If placed be
fore the eyes of the world at large.
There are many thoughts that I might
write to a friend or a brother which
would be entirely misinterpretcd If
read by an enemy or a stranger. It
Is very important that one should nev
er write a letter which would be capa
ble of misconstruction if that letter
should ever fall into the hands of a
bitter foe.
An Admiral's Mistake.
Pertinent Illustration: Some years
ago an admiral of the United States
navy was being bitterly assailed by
his enemies, who toql from the private
war files a certain letter. In that let
ter he had discussed the principles
which, in his opinion, should govern
promotion in the navy and had insisted
that courage alone did not qualify a
man to be a commanding officer. Re
minding the government how often, as
in the case of the Franco-Prussian war
of 1S0. an act of discourtesy had pre
cipated a Soni-ict. he pointed out
that a brave officer lacking education,
training and diplomatic tact might in
volve the nation in serious difficulties.
It was therefore wise in making pro
motions to consider the character and
antecedents of the man. The admi
ral's advice was sound, but his letter
was published at a time when there
were other questions relating to his
own record under discussion, and it
created a prejudice against him which
conduced to the premature termination
of a brilliant career.
Sur political history furnishes a still
more impressive Illustration. A series
of letters written by a prominent
statesman were secretly copied from
the business files of the man who re
Wived them and were published to the
world at a crisis of that statesman's
career, just at the moment wheni his
rivals were interested in having the
public put the worst construction upon
them. They were misconstrued and
misrepresentel and resulted, twen y
years ago, in the annihilation of the
writer's political aspirations. Perti
nent illustration the third: The impul
sive letter written by George Washing
ton's most intimate personal friend in
the army, Colonel Joseph Reed, to Gen
eral Charles Lee. That letter practical
ly destroyed Joseph Reed's whole fu
ture career. My brother, with such
examples before you, ask yourself if
you can afford to write any letter which
will not bear the test of wholesale pub
licity. However sure you may be of
your letters being safely delivered to
your correspondent, who will rightly
understand them, do not forget that in
the changes of life they may fall into
the hands of malicious and hostile per
sons.
Furthermore, you should not write a
letter which cannot be rightly read by
the whole world at, large, because you
do not know how soon the friend to
whom you have written may become
your enemy. Oh, how easy it is to
snap the ties of friendship which bind
human heart to human heart. Broth
ers who once slept In the same cradle
and played in the same nursery and
were the subjects of the same prayers
can become so bitter in their hatred
that they will even fight a mortal com
bat over their parent,' graves. Friends
who once loved as 4 Jonathan and a
David may come to hate each other as
Cain bated his brother Abel. Then the
friend who has now become the enemy
will nearly always try to destroy you
by the evidence of the unguarded let
ters which you have written in times
of love.
When Frlead Turns Upon Friend.
My father used to impress this
thought upon me by the recollections
of an awful night which he passed in
an ordeal of Indescribable horrors. A
very near and dear rleative of his was
his intimate associate for many years.
They were to each other as intimate as
brothers. They confided in each other)
everything. Time passed on, and there
was a rupture. The friendship was
broken. What did that relative do?
He immediately took all the letters
which my father had written and hand
ed them over to the newspapers for
publication. The night that my father
heard of the despicable act, as he has
often told me, was the most awful
night of his whole life. He knew that
he had done no wrong, but be was
afraid that in a confidential corre
spondence of many years he might
have written something which in the
eyes of the world might be imprudent.
All that night he tramped the floor.
When the first ray of daylight told that
the dawn was near, he went out to` buy
the morning newspaper which contained
the published private correspondence.
He read these published letters in the
street. When he returned, the firstwords
he said to mother were: "Thank God,
there is nothing compromistug that I
have written! Thank Go(: Thank
God!" That is not the only illustration
which might be given where a friend
has turned upon a friend. Then, my
brother, to either friend or foe alike
never write anything which may some
day not be able to stand the test of
the public print.
Never write a letter with a vengeful
pen, dipped into an ink well filled with
hatred: When one has been unjustly
attacked, it is very easy for an in
jured man to say: "I wish I could see
that man. I wish I could give him a
good piece of my mind. I wish I could
tell him in plain, blunt language what
I think of him and his actions. As I
cannot see him, I will just sit down
and write him a letter." Then he hasti
ly sits down and writes a Demosthe
nian philippic. Vituperations and de
nunciations. contemptuous excoriation,
stinging Ironies, bitter epigrams and
whole verbal avalanches of invective
are cathercd together upon the letter
sheet :l the pen's touch. Then he
rush-s ewey to the post oef~i' and
buys special delivery stamp. He
pounds It upon the envelope with a
blow that sounds like a foundry in
full blast. Then he goes home, saying
to himself: "There, I have relieved my
self of that matter. I have told that
man just what I think of him and his
actions. If he should ever repeat the
offense, I shall not only write to him
another letter, but I shall expose his
actions to his employers, his wife, chil
dren and to the public at large."
The Revengeful Lette*.
Now, my friend, in one sense it may
ease your mind to write a revengeful
letter, but what good does such a letter
do? Does it make your enemy feel
any kinder or more gentle to you?
Does such a letter ever make a man
feel any kinder or more gentle to the
great world at large? Have you made
him a better man? Have you made
yourself a better man also? In fact.
in ninety-nine cases out of a hundred
does not such a letter danm gge your
neighbor and also do more ianmage to
the s nder than it does to the man to
whom the letter is sent? I onei- road
of an eastern tyrant who wanted to
destroy an enemy. II invt--l this en
emy to Still with him. WhIl- tie-v w at
at meat he had the waiter L:ying in two
glasses of wine, the oei: poisoned and
the other not. But when the king of
fered to his guest a cup he (the king)
by mistake took and drank the poi
soned cup. *ike the king, is it not al
ways the case when a man writes a
purely revengeful letter that he is hurt
more in the sending than the enemy is
in the receiving? D)id not the officers
of state prepare their own death war
rant when they persuaded Darius to
send forth the public decree by which
they hoped to destroy the prime uin
ister?
Never write a letter without realiz
ing that in it you have the mightiest
opportunities of testifying for Jesus
Christ. We have all studied the far
reach ng effect in a literary sense of
letter writing. The private corre
spondence between individuals fills
some of the brightest and the most
interesting books of literature. The
love letters of Elizabeth Barrett and
Robert Browning. the tender words
which were sent east and west across
the Atlantic ocean when Thomas Car
lyle, the mighty sage of English let
ters, and Ralph Waldo Emerson, the
gentle sage of Concord, corresponded:
the letters of Robert Louis Stevenson
to his friends, scattefed all over the
world; the letters of Cicero and of the
younger Pliny, letters of Julius Czesar
to the Emperor Constantine and letters
of Sidonius Apollinaris-these letters
are the more fascinating because, like
the mountain streams, they sparkle
under the overhanging evergreens of
the affections. They were murmur
ing for the most part into the ears of
only one nightingale and moistening
the throat of but one songster or song
stress.
Many have studied the effect of let
ter writing in a political sense. We
know the power of Samuel Adams'
pen in fomenting Revolutionary strife.
We know that Alexander Hamilton's
pen, by the power of public letter
writing, defeated Aaron Burr for the
gubernatorial chair of New York state
and caused him to challenge Hamilton
to a deadly duel. We know how
George Washington by letter writing
after his retirement from the presiden
tial chair practically directed national
legislation. We know how the famous
"Letters of Junius," writter against
the British ministry, mightily hanged
the reading upon the pages of English
history. And If we are able to study
the influence of letter writing in a lit
erary and political sense can we not
study Its infiuence~in a spiritual sense?
Letters From a Mother.
Let us first see the spiritual influence
of letter writing in your own life.
Strange to say, you do not remember
much about your mother's life. I mean
as you sit there you have forgotten
exactly how she looked and the tone of
her voice. She has been dead many
years. Then you have forgotten to a
great extent her words of advice in the
home, but you have never forgotten
her letters. Somehow, after you left
home, the words which she wrote to
you made a far greater Impression than
the words which she spoke. If I should
go Into your home and ask for your
most valuable collection of papers you
would in all probability show me a
collection of old yellow letters. They
were written by her hand. You have
read them over and over again. Some
of those letters are stained as though
the children had spattered iater upon
them. They are stained With your
tears as well as perhaps with hers.
The gospel advice in those letters
which you ,Were able to read in the
quietude of your own room is today
the sweetest lesson that your mother
ever taught. What has been true in
reference to your life is also true in
mine. The greatest lesson that my fa
ther taught me was not by the lip, but
with the pen. Though I had lived
with him for eighteen years he never
so overwhelmingly affected me as on
the day I left for college. He placed
in my hand a letter. He told me to
read It in the train. In this letter, on
one half sheet of paper, he wrote these
words: "In college you will find two
groups: Group the first, boys who go
to college because their fathers send
them there. Boys who drink and
smoke and who cheat at their examina
tions. Failure. Group the second.
boys who go to college to prepare for
life's struggle; boys who study hard
and go to church and the prayer meet
ing, especially the prayer meeting. Suc
cess. 'Them that honor me, I will hon
or. And they that despise me shall be
lightly esteemed.' " That was all he
wrote, but those written words, far
more than any spoken words my father
ever uttered, burned themselves into
my innermost being. That letter of his
illustrated the power of a spirituaI pen.
wielded in a Christian home.
But why circumscrAie this thought
within the four walls of a home? The
upiritnal power of gospel letter writing
is seen everywhere that it has beer
tried. To what could Maltbie Bab
cock's wonderful spiritual influence be
mostly attributed? He was without
doubt one of the most successful min
isters in the American pulpit at the
time of his death. To his marvelous
and yet simple eloquence, which Sun
day after Sunday crowded the famous
Brick church of New York city to the
doors? No, not chiefly. To his sweat
and winsome personality in personal
contact? No. not principally. The
greatest part of his influence was won
by the power of personal letter wri4
Ing. One of his old classmates and
most intimate friends told me that Dr.
Babcock never let a member of hli
congregation get out of his reach. Pie
kept a book filled with dates. On 1e
birthdays of his boys at college he
would drop 4rem each a short letter,
telling them to Improve their oppor
tunities and how much their parent*
and pastor were Stinking and praying
for them. (fn the sail anniversary of
4w death of children he would drop 4
sympathetic note to('e broken hearrt
parents, telling them how mtankful
they ought to be *mat their little ones
Lave now been abl- to spend one or
two years in heaven, telling thema how
happy they ought to be timt the part
ings would not now he very loin.
*hen the anniversary of a young girl's
advent into the church canm'. he woulO
drop her a letter, hoping that her year
of faith in Christ had been a happy
year. In this way Dr. Babcock reach4
out everywhere and bound his people
to him with links of steel. By this sys
tem of simple gospel letter writing the
late pastor of the Brick church was
able to make his Christian influence
felt all over America. My brother and
sister, you and I have wasted many a
glorious opportunity for gospel letter
writing. WiII you not here and now
consecrate your pen to do for Jesus
what you can? Will you not conse
crate the pen as well as the voice and
the sense of touch? Remember, Paul's
epistles were only Paul's gospel letters.
written to his absent friends. We by
the power of gospel letter wrhting can
accomplish on a smaller scale what the
tired traveling missionary by his pen
did on a hemispheric scale.
InfInence of a Gospot Men.
Oh, the infinite inltuence of a gospel
pen: Infinite in reference to time!
Some of us have seen the Assyrian
histories written upon the slabs of
burnt brick by pens thousands upon
thousands of years ago. We have seen
leaves of grass upon which the Greeks
used to engrave their laws, and the
shoulder blades of a dead sheep's skel
eton upon which the ancient Arabs
used to write poetry. The sides of the
Egyptian obelisks are covered with
hieroglyphics of the ancients. The
first pen wielded by man was a chisel,
and the first leaf was a sheet of solid
rock. But, though such writings may
last hundreds and thousands of years,
yet they will not last as long as the
gospel words written upon the human
heart by a gospel pen. Such words
shall last long after this earth is dead
and our souls have passed cycles of
eternity in heaven. Infinite in refer
ence to wonders accomplished! In our
national museums some of us have
seen pens worth a thousand times
more than their weight in gold. They
are the pens that have been held iim
the hands of presidents and kings
pens of peace or of war, pens of libera
tion or enslavement, pens which decid
ed the material advancement or re
tardment of nations. But the sacred
pen of gospel letter writing may be
even greater in its farreaching results.
It may be the means for the liberation
of Immortal souls from sin, for theil
coronation in the heavenly redemption.
Thus, In closing, I would impress up
on you all the Influence of a consecrat
ed pen. May you learn to use for GoA
aright that pen which as a schoolboy
you once held in your chubby fingers
when it would sputter and twist and
try to squirm out of your hands. Use
aright that pen by which as a young
man, you used to record the secrets of
your heart when the old, old story of
love became a new story to you in the
springtime. Learn to use aright foP
Christ that same pen with which yo4
have again and again written a name
upon a black bordered envelope. Use
aright that pen with which you made
a last will and testament, and use
aright that pen with which you caz3
win immortal souls to Jesus Ohrist 14
the gospel invitation of rivate eorre
spondence.
[Copyright, 5903, byh.ouis lopsch.l
Russian easazWomea.
By a newly enacted Russian law
peasant's wife, on showing to the dis
trict judge of instruction that she 10
habitually ill treated by her hasban*
or that he will not support her an
makes her the drudge for his own sup
port. can demand a separate passport,
with which she is at liberty to leave
her oppressor and earn a living else
where. Hitherto there was no possi
ble redress or release for the long suf
fering victim so long as it was obliga
tory that the wife's name was enteie
in the husband's passport and papers
of legitimation. Any one at all inti
mately acquainted with village life i1
Russia will readily appreciate the re
lief thisbrings to tens of thousands of
peasant women who are the grievously
abused domestic slaves and beasts o#
burden to their drunken and brutm
conjugal proprietors.-Anglo-Russian.
Realism In the Putp4
There is danger of making lulp*
realism too melodramatic. * *on
servative old Scotch dominic, desirin)
to revive a healthy fear of the orthli
dos bades in his frivolous congrega
tion. preached a hot brimstone sermon
and had his sexton howl dismally an$
clank chains at a8 *1lin juncture ie
the (d'Se'm: e. rn the ^ role NO,-, I(n
sued na n-. W"v"...........and*
church is now r'.: iZ~fI .ice
Atlanta Le2^.'Utu.' aI