IilI.LLIA1T IN CI )II1M
P1N-AMERICAN EXPOSITION W;LL
GLOW WITH WONDERFUL RADIANCS.
Electrlenl Illumnlations and Othel
Featurce In Whlch Buffalon' Fnli
Will Excel All Former Enterpriee
of This Description.
l:v en the Iuffalonian cannot coompre
bend tile exquistite charma ter of the
great Exposition he Is building. Is it
any wonder, then, that the distant na.
tive still asks what It is to be,? Indeed
it is to lie everything that is graceful,
harmonious and beautiful. Form and
color will join their wonderful forces
to please the eye and delight the sense.
-v .
e ·
THE ILUCTRIC TOWER.
"'Magnulficenut" is not too strong a word
to express the character of the coin.
pleted work. He is a man of dull imag
ination who, now visiting the grounds,
cannot picture in some degree the come
liness and stateliness of the finished
enterprise.
The Pan-American Exposition is In.
tended to be in every way an artistic
triumph. From the very beginning
it has been the purpose of those who
have been Intrusted with the making
of this Exposition to present to the
world the most artistic creation ever
conceived for a like purpose. The ar.
rangement of the buildings, the style
of architecture, the decorative work,
the embellishment of the grounds and
the electrical illumination are some of
the features that will stand out proml
nently in the Exposition picture. There
are 33 acres in the courts around
which stand the principal Exposition
buildings. While the whole Exposi
tlon plot of 850 acseres will be as beauti
ful as nature, with the artistic help ol
man. can make It, the several courts
-will be the particular center for formal
decorative work. The courts are ar
ranged in the form of a cros, the
north and south courts bearing the
,aWmes of Court of Fountals, Plasa,
Fore Court and Approach and being
,nearly 8.000 feet In extreme length.
The Transverse Court is known as the
-- 4 inande and Is 1.700 feet trom east
to we. Two subordinate courts open
lao th'\ spl. ade. known as the
wGOret of Ls and Court of Cypresses.
' he eomb4 area of these courts is
:.: roxmately .wo and a half times
the ares of the courts at the Werd's
t- tumblan E position and for this tea
se'lves a far, grmti opportunity tot
. artist treatment.
It has been s mid of ls BExposition
that It old oentrival alI ormer enter
• pritmes i number of imp rtant tee
tnera The bitd lbthe.e i tb court
*s bd i mIrid the dlaetl. urs pt
~' t~ e pstue Yeit tt o ofl
annespegdieb ~ratis tet rsat
bells a 'rbe t then i 1dV sau
. 1 tbuS- emets. Theis are of
a meat elarat. charaeter and are
tflor fiature isL the hortIcltural dee
,elttf re *eit Sunken gadrbu am'
f gat Swti ariementation wil be em
ploye at every poluf where the bright
'oalors of otliage awlnd flowers wilY add
-to the beaut pi the senae. As a "ith
Jesture ay be muted the color deeois
-tioa the b ags. Thbs s a vey
-eldbeat sslataingh the result ,of
.satmr astulr'ups .tte pett of the best
mural gsters of'the world. Conild
ered * very diacult, If not embar
rasdlsg. pNblem at .irt, it has been
worked out by patient stody until re
sradls v7ry pleasing and happy have
'tbem aeheted. A sixth point of excel
lenee will be the electrical aumins
-tion of al the eourts. Then the brll
li.sac of the gardens and the radiant
beauty of the buildings will be height
sed -by -the glow of 200.000 electric
lamps arranged with artiete concep
tion and illuminating with fantptle
bues the nuumbertlss fountains and
po-ls and tauning the scne into one of
.unrivaled splendor.
The style of architeeture Is what Is
descrlbed as a free adaptation of the
I8pa.s renalssance. It Is particularly
appropriate for the purposes of an
Bxpoeltlon since it gives opportunity
for the employment of many architec
tural features of a testive character.
Tbhus the visitor may see many lofty
towers and lanterns, graceful domes
and minarets, airy pavilions and other
decorative work 'that will produce a
sky line free from any suggestions of
monotony or severity.
The Electrte Tower, standing tn a
broad pool between the Court of Poun
•tains and the Plaza, Is tbe the center
piece for electrical llumination. This
tower Is 8 feet square and 875 feet
high, with d.rcular wings curving fro
the oest and west sides to the south
ward and and rlng a semicircular space
in w ieh are to be many beumtiful
fountain features. From the southern
face of the Tower a cascade will gush
from a nlebe, 70 feet from the ground,
and fall upon a terraced bass. At night
this cascade and the fountalns and
poes will be opl~ater d i fantastic
ses. Fleting lights upon all the
psb wll form an Iteresting feature
4s.ti te agel sheme ef It Inastoan
.FoI.e :,0 or more .1A tir! ::n sculpt trs
of renown are at \wi..' lj pin tile tdec
rntiv\' gro;nps whicih :lle to have a
Iplae this i:xpolitin. 'These are
to be nearly all origimnal productions
antler the Itaster directtiun of K:.r1
SHitter. It will be thle most elabora:e
use of decorative sculpture'I" Pever uilnder
taken at an Exposition, there being
more than 125 _rou:ps. These w!l
adorn the fountaitnsi . Irildges. entran-cis
to buildings and other salient points.
Besides the pools and foinllnilllns. w\ith
In the several courts will be a grand
and stately canal which will surround
I the entire group of buildings. In the
southern reaches of thi canal are
I artliicial bodies of water known as the
i Mirror Lakes, fromt which lagoons ex
tend In several directions, thickly set
with aquatic plants of rare species.
In addition to the sunken gardens
antd other floral features of the courts
will be the horticultural exhibits In the
soutlhrn part of the grounds. These
will consist of several aer,,s of beds of
the tillest productions of the best nutrs
erles and greenliouses of the vwesterln
world. The comipetltion for supremacy
will be very keen and the lover of flow
era will have a rare opportunity to
make a comparison of the merits of
the productions of competing growers.
MARK BEANITT.
BAY STATE AT BUFFALO.
Fine Historical Exhibit Will Be
Made by Massachusetts.
The historic commonweaflth of Mas
sachusetts will have a most Interesting
exhibit it the Pan-American Exposl
tion at Buffalo.
It is being collected through the co
oteration of various societies, such as
the Sons of the Revolution. Daughters
of the Revolution. Sons of the Ameri
can Revolution, Daughters of the Amer
lean Revolution. the Society of the War
of 1812 and kindred organizations. The
chairman of the Massachusetts Pan.
American commission, Mr. Walter Gil
man Page. Is a leading spirit In these
societies and is anxious that the wealth
of historic material possessed by Mas
sachusetts should be adequately repre
sented at the Pan-American Exposi
tion.
The matter of a building has not yet
been definitely decided, but it is prob
able that the old Providence House,
which was one of the historic buildings
of Boston. wilh be reproduced as a home
for Massachusetts exhibits at the Ex
TRE FuortrL.
positton in Buffalo. This building was
typical I6 Its style of the old fashioned
Boso architecture and, in addition,
posse.emd a speclal Interest from Its
hibtori Ase dlations. It formerly stood
on the Washington street end of Prov
Idence court, partly on the site of what
is now Clark's Tavern.
Oneot the members of the Massa
ehbedkb commission to the Paris Ex
posltion, who recently returned from
thE. .mt fair, seeured there about
46 v.Stlable exhibits, which wilteb
transtaeid to the Pan-Ameriman at
i. t ibx-Mayor rredorlek.,L'odlck
ir I* shat end City Treasures a. T.
TI t 8pringlield returneg$ reeontly
hetm A VWt of a few days in Buffalo
vif eroybastie over the -pespects
fer theseiee of the Exposition and
ate ams s to have the good eid Bay
Sate .A represented there.
bt The *agtnl.cent buildings which are.
id to honkieS exhlbits of the Pan-Aujerl
lb can posMtlon at Buffalo next sum
a- mer are fast progrl ing toward cow
ry pletois and will soon be ready for the
it colleetons which are on the way from
t all quarters of the Amertean coattlent
1d The seeme upon the grounds of the Ex .
1'- position, in the northern part of the
-- city. Iheldinl part of the famous Dela
*- ware Park. Is a busy one, and every t.
re day usee some definite progress made
i- in the construction work. Conditions f
- hare been very favorable to rapid r
II- work,. and the Pan-American Exposl
at tion bids fair to break the record Im
it- the matter of swift construction of Ex- .
it position buildings and their entire com- r
p- pletten before the time arrives to open
is the gates to the general public. ,
k c
Dr. De ar Doyle. I
S' It has been a great surprise to many ;
people to learn that Dr. Conan Doyle is
San .Alabrsk man, born and bred. His a
parenut were of Irish descent, and his t
1o father was the youngest of four sons, all e
ty of whom distinguished themselves. The c
e- eldest was James Doyle, the historian, 1
r. who wrote the "Chronicles of angland." .
ty The second was Henry Doyle, C. B.. the I1
- bead of the National Gallery in Dublin.
t The third was the famous Richard h,071e
of Peach. and the fourth, the *ovelist's L
father, was one of her majesty's offcials
in the odce of publie works in Ediu
burgh. ______
a
e An Able erfoL th
.. The Sterling lills.) standard makes the
- + tfollowiag tr- for an alleged offer of $1.- I
000 for the lest rhyme for Michigan:
I bae a young lady from Michtga; 1
To meet her I never should wicigaa. t
b e'd eat of sae cream
S Tll with palt abe would searm,
had Y ared rd usother big diciga.
ra
Are women's brains not equal to
ht men's? All the more reason, then, .
id why they should make the very most i
- and best of what they have, supposing I
e that the Creator only ga.e them a
to small amount by way of experiment
. Jst t tope wbaJ they would do with it.
rs
t Olive Harper Offer. Timely Satggs
a (lionli ne to l)re.r.
1 NEw Y . Notv. .t. : h. the' pretty
rl tlhiurs I did i tttay' There. were
su l, di ! inty 1!:ld , i ;. frt el, at f ft 'r,'
poll and 'lilTuln. th) s n thin; boti,'l l "
i1 the silk muslllllill ::a;ll mull .\nd tlll
are d1,'Iens: of thinigs in ditTire',rlt nets
aIi(i tulles, alil d( lit alte nmd.( lislsl. such
It - as danll ing dre. ses -h ,nld hl It \11 ex
11i cunt the t les.. tIce'p .:, iand I, IITIns
md are anetordion plaited. and this is one
le of the most )polpular of tlilngs fIor thin
'e dresses( , alnd part iularly is it Iladapted
to tdnllcilng. There are Inior.e wa .ys of
mnkig lhis thlan I know of, but I saw
e onlc in hlloneyiolnb pattern and others
ns In a (crissc(ross (esigi) asid others, again.
ta waved. aund sio manyl13 other ways of do
he Ing this kind of decorative work that
:e it is useless to descrllw it all. But
If when the dress is made and t hei young
r girl is Insihlde and the music strlikes up
r It Ibectomtes a thing so po)(thEl and so
ry graceful tha it is no, w dler that we
think it hI,-autiful. The fol.is float out
of with every imovemtent of the wearer, -
and they borrow luster from the bro
ken lines and remind one of the waves A
along the shore. The waists are ni1ade
of one kind of plaiting and the skirt
of another, so the dress Is even prettier.
Be Another way of itrnallentllllg 4evening
gowns is to shirr tlhjrn, iinilt thIer is
s- much of this dlone, mostly o() the( fine
'g featherhlone piping cord, and this gives i
si- a tiish that nothing ilse <an. In the
Illustration can be seen a dress made
o- Ir tils way, with the waist, sleeves C
as and the tipper part of the skirt closely t
'r shirred. The dress is of white liberty.
r1- and around the bottom is a wide band
r- of cream lace insertion laid on flat, and
ar lthe design of the figure ili the ceinter -
be of the lace is painted. This is an in
.n novationi and a very effective one. The
1- skirt is made almost straight around. -
se and so the fullness comes from the top,
h and that gives the whole a sweep that E
1- It could not have Ir the skirt were r
e- gored and shaped. A belt Is made of n
1- the same silk and draped to the figure.
Very many rich and elegant sashes are a
et now seen, most of those to wear with
i- dancing frocks of gauze ribbon, but
e, there are also some of them made of
gs velvet faced with silk. Some of these
ie are covered with spangles and others
1- have embroidery. The belts to these
are all In one piece with the rest, and
the ends spread out widely. These are .
more appropriate for bra. icr costumes, it
yet they are seenu on the light textures. 1
Some of the accordlon plaited dress
es have two and three skirts, one'
above the other, but these are not so
pretty as those where the whole length
Is in one ptet.e.
The universal use of lace as trim
ming has been the cause of many dlf
SSrent devtices, so that t caln be ap -
I a
rt e
de
SISRUED DINNR GOW.
plied in any way or place. It Is offer.
s ed iow in long strips in a zigzag pat
y tern, and the lower edge has a ruffle
e of narrow lace or. In some cases, chif- I
a fon, and this in turn has a very nar
row ruching of the same.
1 The newest material and inventionhs
s for waists is to have velvet, velutina
Sor panne, and whichever it is is em
Sbilldered closely with polka dots in
n white silk or black cLeqille.
The newest thing in automobiley -
coats is a halt fitting long coat,
reaching to the bottom of the dress,
Sand this fastens at the left side with
i several buttons and loops, and these
is are placed across the bust and from
is there to the waist line and nowhere
i1 else. On the shoulder there are three
be capes, each stitched as stiffly as pos
o sable to get them so that they stand
out almost straight Of course there a
is the high storm collar. I wonder C
what we will do when the storm col
ts iar goes where all the old fashions go
il when they are out? I
u. OLIVE HAnnPE
noees Gre5t Men's rasers.'
Honing and owning razors is a fad
he with Engineer Charles Wagner of the
1.' Reading railway. Wagner, according to
the wise conductor of the road owns
more tonsorial tools than any man in
town. He has razors that have shaved
Franklin Pierce. General Grant, Grover
Cleveland. General Hancock. Governor
Geary. Franklin Gowen. Governor Stone,
Wade Hampton and, besides, nearly all:
the prominent men who have held office
to in Montgomery county for years back.,
n, Let any railroader cmnplain of his razor. I
st and Wagner offers to strop, hone .,r
tg grind the dull article so that it will split
a hairs. So wrapped up is Wagner in this
fad that his usual greeting is not "Good
at day" or "How d'ye do?" but "How's
" your razorT'-Philadelphia Record.
TRADE MARK
1870
BALKE'8
LIVE OAK,
WHISKEY
SOFTENED BY ACE.
Awarded Gold Medal at Atlanta Exposition.
Is the best and purest
Rye Whiskey so.d
in the South.
R. F. BALKE & CO., Proprietors,
CINCINNATI, U. S. A.
Orders mailed to our head office will be
filed from our nearest accredi..:d distributor,
BIDB 11 VITBID
Notice as bereby eiver that the n3xt
meeting of the Ponloe.Jury of Caddo parish,
Desre mber 13. 1400, bids will be reoeived for
eonducting and operating Mooring-port,
Hosr', Hart's-Daick and Erwin Ilult ter
ree, or t"o next twelve months. oeula
f nirg Jno.ry 1, 1901 anou ending JAnuary
1, 1f02. isald ferries to be let to ir west
bidde,, the jury resrrving tight to r jeot
any and all bids. WM. WINTER.
Aeting 'residen .
t A, L. DURINGCR, O rkt.
Noveaber 11, 1900.
BIDS INVIl'rlD
Bids are hereby nlvited to build a bndge
over C'ota bayo·' at or near the loot o
McNeil street. Bald to a 't b3 for Iron or
wood and to be submitted to the jury at
its t ext session, December\ 1:, 190,. the
jury iaserylog rint to r.j -t -ity and all
bidi. WI. INT.iT R,
Acting Presademt.
A. L. DURING ER, Cierk,
November 11, 190W.
* BIDS FOR MEDIOIN1J
Notlee is herehy gives that at the next
meetlat of toe Poli.e Jury ofl Uddo par
I-b, La., December 13, 1900, blde will bo
reticved for furauehlnl meutolse for pre
a, r ptons for the parish tor a period of
,. elve months, heileateg deasur) 1, 19.
Tbhe riht to reject say and all bt* Iss re
erted. M. WIN E. .
Au.Ig President.
A. L. DUIlIhOgR, Ulerk.
November 11. 1999.
LAND NOTION
Notice is hereby gives that I am apply.
og to ester tw southeast quarter of north
west quarter, and south halt of northeast
qumrter, and northeast quarter of northAast
quarter, section 3 toweship 21 aorth
rasne 14 weet Leu asa meridlan. under
seetlonS of ae 64 of the Grcueatl Assem
bly of the State t of LenLeLa of a Ll8.
WILLIAM J LITILL.
lovenmber f,190
RID8 lNVIra'D
Eide are hereby Invited for bolding a
brtIos of wood aboutl00 fet long at Bart'i
terry laodlog, e James bayou, In Ward
Two; als a briuse ever BiSOo ta u,
about 100 let long on road iro od sesa
to where said reed egosese Blato bayou at
Wllliame' ebSgll mall. bids to be opese I
I at nxt essmieoa of e lUry Deoemnbel 18,
1:k0, tie asy rele tvintug l raejo anyr
or aJ blOe.
WM. . 1.TER,
Acting PresIdeat.
A L. DUBINGFR U.erk.
tvoember II. 1960.
BU OB...ION N3' IZ,
No. 626---irst Dietrlet Couat. Parlih of
Caedo, date of Loulsana--duesaeions of
Paul as Poeetst.
Notice Le beeby given th.t John T
Poket , pexeutor, has this d y II ed hib
Suel accounD. t sa ld succession, and uneles
oppi-ltlou be made thereto within the
wsme speolled by law the same will be
duly b~mulogated as pra yed for.
W lteass t..e Honorable A. D. Land,
Junge of a Id Court, this, the 9th uay of
Sovt5ber, 1I00.
F. A. LE JN ltiD, Clerk.
November 11, 19t0.
OYSTERS
P, SOFIA 520
rMuket
Fresh Oysters Becoived "alsy.
PRICE8-From shell, per dos 40i; cook
ca ln saw style, 5Oc; ramed oysters80o per
cr-e. BA.I oysters per dozen, 1!c, or two
de sen for 26c.
t rsh Fruits and Nuts of all kinds, el
tgatr. obacoo and fresh canned goods.
A.s CURRIE,
F YM.z CASUALTY, INDR.INITY, BOND
, AND FIDELITY INBURANCL,
i
esal Estate, Rental and Finanmcl
r Agebt.
I PHONE M1.8 R.
* VPFICE-124Milars Street
CURED witl
I Dropsy vegetable rem
idies. Fiate
r eared many thbousad cases called he no
t 'ets. In ten days at euast t* thirds
" of all symptoms removed. Testlnmu,.atl.
and ten days treatment tree. Dr 8, B
' Green's 8one, Box L. Atlants Ga.
HIERMAN LOE
....DEALER IN....
Hide, Wool. Tallow. Beeswax F'irs,:E
Commttce Street, Next to V., S. &,P. Ry., Shreveport, L.
I guarsnte~ to t'e sellers the net price obtaiued In Vicksburg, g
Luoie, New Orleans Galveston ant Houston markets. Prompt reta
mad3 on receipt of Shipmente
'The Flors eim Bros. Dr 6oods
LIMITBD.
F. EXULUSIVELY WHOLESALE DEALsRS IN
t
Dry Goods. Notions, Boots, Shoes.'
1 10, 512 and-514 Levee Street. New:York':Otce, 77 Franklin S
HARRY HUNITKh. SAM tiUTER HAWK HU
- HUNTRE J3L1R~O ..
! Wholesale Grocers and Commission Lerch
Plantation Sapplies, Bagging & Ties,
,e DEAl~BS L11
Hay, Corn, Oats, Bran and Cho
8peslal attAaMon to all orders ona short notlee.at bottom priues I I favrs app
, BOWERS DRUG STOR
S UCCSSOR TO AUG, J BOGEL,
SBesek Stationery, Toilet
Articles and Faac
Manutaettrer of Flavorig Extraets, Pyre soda and Mineral Water,
Agent for Smith Premeir Fypewaiting MsOalie Gardea Ssedsand N
t Prescr.ptles Car.t.lly Composuded
;With the PFreshest 'a s t
a- ewareaus sa ttetle. All Farrs Ap
VRESH GARDEN SEEDS.
FRED W BOWERS, Propri
SSG. DREYFUS & C
at
Dry (oeds, Boots, bhoes and 1
. COBL SPuse ANID CNOUOKIT STRUETSI
., PROMPT ArTE1 flON PAI3 TO COUNTRY ORD
C. C. HARDMA
of Wholesale and Re'~il
Lumber, Shingles, Sa
Doors, Blindstantd General House
.I Finishing-Goods.] .- _.
k F FICEztd FAIlEE.CCM',cor. SprglueudCrockett.
ro LUMBER YARD, cor.:Lake sad McNel Stp. ,reveport,
Ii- - A
NEW WHOLESALE FRUIT
PR( DUCE AND SEED HOUSE
108 Texas street
S Have constantly on band a full stckl or Fruit and Prodiue.
m or call when nla need or any artiles in oar line. All goeo8.
re guaraLted. Prie as low as the lowest,
S- TELEPHOItB 824
Fresh Roasted Peanuts Always on Hand.