' -THE SHREVEPORT PAWNB ROKER
THE OLLY LOA.N OFFICE IN TO'VN*
We"bave some riimarkably Fiue Bargains lu'Forfeited Diamoud Riug= iud Brooches. Also seine great values in uuredeenied Watches. A full
flue lfttH jewelry Novelties aid Fine Gold Jewlry always displayed in our 'a-e. Get our prices on musical iustrumeots.
MOI4EY LOANED ON ALL PERSONAL PROPERTY. 419 Texas Street.
HE CAUCASIAN.
1Ti caucan PuIliSOamo COmpany
OFFCIAL ORGA'V
OF THE
PARISH OF CADDO
No matter how sick a mant, it is
just as easy for him to sv he is do
lag well, "fine, fine, ver utiue." As a
rule the average people,havintg wor
_ a of their own, and n, doubt being
sick, too, are not cariug a cooti'iental
If a ra ton which they have no spe
cial ilnterest is dead with la grippe
or bli coujhlug his head oifl. Do no!
forget that a "yeller dorg' alive is
of greater value than a dead lion.
The dog can howl! The dead lion
cannot even kick.
rrtedly Iesalthb r eople L.ve pure. rich
warm, Palrtsbhng bloul, good a!, etite
and goed digeston. Hood'. SaruapFrilla
gives thib, and thus it makes people
Hlhy adr keeps them so. Gest only Booo'.
Stek heladache is ctuiu by Eood'e kills. 21c
a"low much moey has my hus
baud in bank?" demanuded the woman.
"I scanot tell you that, madam," re
plied the man behind toe grating.
"Why, they told me you were the
telol," snapped the woman.
---- -- -
s. uot wtip the Boers
to til b dandnd as they will not sur
:ndI he proposee that the wives
, dlbel u of the Boers shall be
Utare" to death. It is alleged in a
A n~ a fro. LULdJ.n that Lord
a:alt hsr ba nssed secret o, ders not
sa - .rs.
b" i *.Umph of Mattew Stanley
,; . o.sagt to have the very wi-est
"He returned to the Seuate
ediag I~ro. Ills deck was
Si Aowere-tragraut and
Z tasmiistlaOlalaJ of afectiou anud
. -- ! astors crowded around
*g.be their oongau:ulatioce.
we tat Quay is "no
Had he tailed
'us. who crowded to
. . gralate him would
el la l When amau
is bghlg commended with
gy belt he not return to
; th, Ugbd States lilk , a
..e. . Qayu's soccess is
"gaeu d in fact the result
ia politics, as it is
Congresitnan Baiitke of utLx&,. hat
betu elected Uui:,ed M)(Ate' , :iaIiir
IBatley has been viudicitctl. i1,is ! h
kind Lot vindication fi ! t h I
Leall of the average nmn in tr jlti ol
politics, with ruj-)cititu.
IN ULOEN Tl'd ii
feeople over iu,)ked tbe iug u! *. a iIc,
ibtoanty beucticisi etlecLa JthLU Wk I., I
l0d WI th tti ALie:.t I tL'LC; L,!,, LuW
it kenerly kuowu tWAL Ii; :, 0! k
permineniqy ovFrconit: hbiLuai cI4L- cot
Vone, wellitioruieu people wi I o,
other l&XdtýVei. l bich Xc110 1o a 11114, U
linfaiL) tijure tL'e s.Lefl. L ,,liy it t
mnade by tae Clliornta Fig :-) i :p k.,.
go many oi okir p'atiUi.4 are I yi, O!
cream even it, culd WL!AtUcI, L..l \t'A
CoULinutd trv.g c- Iczcruodll sBoui 141
througih the winter. I)OU'L be
about 1askin fOr It it '01U el'Joy I, h! 'A
iaICe I&e bhand and leady 1.0 ýreVe !it.
were midsummer. Allen's I'liarm ciu.
J F Lr inev
No 124 Texas btreet. deaicr illn at
llery, narut"sa, oVagOIns uan iuggi!c.
Has on haud a nice asturluien (i 0 UJ*
5er Lire eurries abia iuggier: atso ulj
issorlmce 0! 6tudebaker Ptrut.i,, b(:
FIibb irob. Larui wIagueII. I xCia, mti~id
dles, double aUd sluite lirnec, cot
)are, wDsps, aUd in fact every . iwu1g iL
my line. Will bell cheal. -jall cttl
bee DiG Whea lb btXcU oti ,al. rt
wagons or buggies. V, ill be piets,cni
to quota WagOu,, to uoUUtrx liter
hcahtas.
OATH OF ALLEGIAN-LU.
O'0 6iiousanri Filipi oti TA+ tlit Oath
so lts Cisurc n' ti t
Z- VI-Th lath 'tti I WT it !i
CkVPrr~h as ~at t~ ,\lr 14),clI, r,,,):
-who acknowlditge rhcI &al anll rtbure.
to too insnrgent cwise (Clalilttin I Ii.
gerald add?,1s-~4 the Inariv,-ý in - Saui-h
The parish priest translarIk-4 his rirnitrt
into Ilocano anid aflinilnstvrod tht ,at hl
About 400 pertoilns in tht vic~iiiimvr
Malaboi, assemnbled in the chur h irnd
on the p;laz there and also ttSwli thp
Oth
Geaeral Grant bas nmarli, many eti
~er arre~a. in-in1 outlr
GXpedition of 59 niet' who wurv lIruived
to t; icsurgents.
Vetewai Trroiyw I.queeted.
vUt ee I T., Jan. 23.-United
*8 w~i BeJ has request*ed
ow kto is &mast
the
'iE UEE\ 1S DE )D.
The Great !t-er ,l 'eat lBritai
Hasb ne to !Bt.
SHE DIES AT COWES.
Around the lBed of the IDyini (Queen
Were Her (hildren and Grand
children and Hke Bad, All
a I.ast Farel ell.
Cowes. J:'n. 2:. -Her nmaj tv, the
queen. Ireathe.d hir iant at i:3 y-rer
day afternoon. ·urr tntllel[ by her liil
drent and grandi'chlren.
Thlt queeni is aldt t, have iid farewell
in teeble nilonusyllahle- to her taltily
as.vmiibled at her lcut-ide at iituddlay
She first rtcognnlzedl the prince of Wale
to whn nhe slpoke word. of olnment.
Then Einr iror Willinn with the other.
filed past antid heart a whi.xn.redl "goi
bye " All those In the bedroom were
ju tear.r
The nemitbir. of the royal family were
called ti a riiit oit adjoiniin,, tilt qlllue ',
b'edchamber no less than tour tUies on
Monday morning and were kept in
Dntoientarv exxplettatrion oif beinig sunl
lotied to witness the encd. Her majes
.v's physicians had only a vestige of
hope that they would it, able to keep
the -queen's feeble life illn exltence until
the prince of \Vales arrived. To secure
this result they resorted to the frequent
us.e of brandy anld challimpagne.
By the death of the queen Albert
Edward (prince of Wales) l.wcomen
King Edward VII of England and bu.
risror of India.
QUEEN AND EMPRESS.
Sketch of the Life of England's
Deceased Monarch.
SIMPLICITY OF HER EARLY YEAR&
It was on May 24, 1819, that a girl child,
who was to rule millions of people in wide
Sly separated portions of the habitable globe,
was born in dingy old Kensington palace.
She was the only daughter of the Duke and
Duchess of Kent, granddaughter of George
III, then king of England, and niece of the
then Prince of Wales, afterward King Wii
liam Ill. In due time she was christened
Victoria, and from the beginning her educa
Ik
A RECENT PORTRAIT OF VICTORIA.
Lion and training were of the most careful,
for, while it woruld have been a wild fancy
indeed that Ilad predicted such a career as
she was actually destined to fill, there be
ing at that time several lives between her
-nd the throne, her father and mother, her
grandmother, the dowager Duchess of C'
burg, also grandmother of the Prince Albert
who was to be prince consort of England's
queen, and indeed George IV of England
himself, regarded her as very likely to be
the sovereign of England before her death.
Prince Albert, when be courted Victoria
years afterward, said to her that he had
been told from childhood that one day be
wan to marry the queen of England, and
she was to be the queen.
The Duke of Kent, who was the fourth of
seven dissolute sous born to King George
III, died when Victoria was yet an infant,
leaving behind him an enormous ladebted
nesa This was due not only to his extrav
sagnt way of living, but also to the fact
that his royal father adopted the utmost
parsimony in dealing pith him. At one
time the duke was sent abroad with an al
lowance of but £2 a week, and on another
occasion all his traveling expenses were put
into the hands of the captain on whose ship
he sailed, It was this state of affairs that
caused the widowed duchess to live with
great simplicity-a mode of life indeed that
doubtleam had a great deal to do with the
sterling character of Victoria when she as
cended the throne
To wise hands was intrusted the care of
the royal infant. Healthful outdoor exer
else, plain apd wholesome food and the
utmost regularity and punctuality were
th order of the day. The idea that not
only her own time, but that of others as
well, was valuable was fostered in Vie
toria's mind. The greatest care was taken
to guard against vanity and love of display
or power, and it was not until she was 12
years of age that she was informed of her
possible future. It is told of her by the
Baroom Lehuen that on receiving this in
farmation, "the princess, having lifted the
foreflnger of her right hand while als
spoke, gave me the little hand, saying: 'I
will be good. I understand now why you
have urged me so much to learn even
latin I andertand all better now. I will
be ood' "
Her Aeeeseles to the Throe.
Victoria a e of age on May It, 1887, and
s JuneH le ss than a month Iser, she wan
dealered queena of England, Willipm I1
having just did. It was n the middle f
the night that the young girl was notified
that she habd become queen of Great Britain
ma sov of as mpre as vast that on
anwed to ie the awd het aeso
I~slIa um te Naaaehe.d Duo
IrY ~~rk ~ =a OrB
QUFF\ Vi ToItA titO N A G(;t.
On being intitrmed ol her new ldignity
hle burst into . ; .. iand then. additressitg
hier elf to t he a.oilhi..hllp. exclatinted, I beg
so.r grace to lr; for me ''. The whole
party, colli.s.till of the litle lvcen, the
prelate, the hord cl]untberlain and the late
king 's physici:n, iir. Henry Ilitford, then
knelt, andl there, in the middle of the
night, offered up pntaier to huatiii that she
miighlt be strengthtened front abtove and
guided to the hloessint ,f her lpeople.
That was holw Quuetn \Vietotia com
tnencel'd her i.in tand i.t-peotus re'ign, aid
inow it tIauty 'Aell Ie salid without f ,tr of
contr.:diction that her priayer ottlere I uilt oi
the ti ht of her ucet'i on- i has lte ii fulfilled
iiand tlhait her reignl hlts proved ai blessiig to
her people.
\ictoia waits fromn the first idollized by
the Engtlish pIt opl. lier )outh appealed
to thieir sympathies, atl her giiali sense to
their respect. She hetame a sort of national
pet, yet withal lshe was alidmired for her
wisdom, her rectitude and her firmness
Greville srpeaks n it h soniewhat of regret of
the last lnte:tionei l tch'trt: teristic, evidently
.ohliag that the tirdtintry inipul-ivenes-t
aild perhaps eci n the imistakes of youth
woutilit have libeen more charmiing. The
glories and spllendors that at,-tnded lier
coronation-are lthey not all set dtlown in
the chroniies tif tih, daytv Thle rereoniies
occutrretd ion . iune 25. isS Never hail Eng
laind's nmetropolis tbeenti so erowdedti. I'Platces
talonig the line of ithe 'yatl prtocession
btirought a high piretitiUni. By dark oil the
preceeding day the people lb.-ai toi gat lith r.
At daybreak of the :>tli the popular en
liusiasmn hadul reelted ait high pitcht. The
iro'essiion outdid anythlingof the kiind that
had before been witnesat-d in Londton. Be
sides the troops, which were orderetd out in
full force, there were twelve rot al car
riages, each containing two ladies and two
gentlemen, and each drawn by six prano
ing horses. Thet camte the queen's state
,oach, drawn by eight cream colored horses
and attended by a yeomtan at each wheel
and a footman at each door. The corona
tion itself was held in the vast building al
ways used for the imposing ceremonies of
English royalty-Westmin sterabbey. Vic
toria's train of royal crimson velvet and
ermine was borne by eight young ladies of
noble birth. Cannons boomed, trumtnpetc
sounded, and menei and womnen cheered out
side the building, and from every part of
the sacred edifice were heard enthusiastic
cries of "God save the queen!" Hats and
handkerchiefs were waved aloft, peers and
peeresses put on their coronets, and hishops
donned their caps. The guests included
other sovereigns, and they yielded to no
one in the enthusiasm of the moment.
The "enthronement" was a singular por
tion of the ceremony. The young sovereign
was lifted bodily into the royal seat, beig
surrounded by archbishops, bishops and
peers. His grace of Canterbury knelt and
did homage for himself and other spiritual
lords, and all kissed the queen's hand. Her
uncles, the Dukesof Sussex and Cambridge,
removed their coronets anti did homage
wa ith set and elaborate speech. They touchled
the crown upon her head, kissed her left
cheek and then retired. The peers also
touched her crown, but kissed her hands.
A Marriage For Love.
Queens enjoy a privilege which is with
held, save in leap year, from women occu
pying a I -s august position in the social
scale--namely, that of themselves making
the offer of marriage, instead of waiting to
receive the proposal from their suitors.
And it was therefore Queen Victoria who
a year after her coronation at Westminster
abbey, on June 28, 1838, invited her cousin.
Prince Albert of Saxe-Coburg-Gothl to
share his life with her. it is only stating
the truth to say of this marriage, however,
that it was one that had been. agreed upon
for many years, providing Victoria herself
approved of the young man. For a tirme
she is recorded as having been not well
pleased with him, but there is no dou',t
that she fell in love with him before the
union was proposed by her. The nuptials
took place o;o the 10th of February, 1840, at
the Chapel Royal, St. James palace. The
wedding breakfast was given at Bucking
CORONAT1ON OF THE QUEEN.
ham palace, and the honeymoon, which
only lasted three days, was spent at Wind
sor castle.
The marriage proved an exceptionally
happy one. Prince Albert turned out tobe
an absolutely ideal husband, being a man
of aingularly stainless and irreproachable
character. Queen Victoria's domestic bliss
was absolutely unclouded as long as her
husband lived, and she was guilty of no
exaggeration when she declared that the
only sorrow which he had ever caused her
was when he died.
People in this country will remember him
as a warm hriend of the United States His
amicable feelings with regard to America
were maaifested on numerous occasions,
never more so perhaps than at the time
when, with the shadow of death already en
compassing him, he brought all his pww
fIl lnflence into play against the cabinet
of the day to prevent the transmission of an
altimatua a to the Wahitgte government
ea the subjet of the Trenteoetroverey. Tt
Irs at eJmm rn twgisd m both sides et
bia s the dh..M. d 410"M
\\ales. at tain ii isii:ijity au awkward ant
llti.hl ai(ic: t illti.ti()ll of l)rrt.iltelltiee would
hl:e ari-en which ciuld n11t lu)t have Le
colle, soillure of paiil alnl Io ort ificatioli to
the rmal family The father would have
been forced to yield the pas: to the son, who
woull hav bit\ eent forcedt to take the p)
cetdnce over the prilce cosort everywbi re.
A 'ieriicians xjto hblte visited the Brit ish
house of lords will rtnentIlber that on either
sidl, of the thlioine there is a lhair of state.
'IThe one on the right is very niagnificenit,
being decorated with the three feathers of
the heir apparent.
It is the stool occupied by the Prince of
Wiales at tilhe o piarlm nf parliament by tihe
quetne. The stool on the left, a far Illeuaior
loling object of fur'niture, is+ the seat f ,r
mnerly occupied by the prince consort, a:ul
had the latter stir- it ed hi- w ife lie would
hatle become tile subject of his own son.
Persistent Grief.
From the time of her husband's death the
queen was scarcely everse.-n in plublic until
tihe year 1872, when she prioceeded inl state,
together with the entire royal family, to
St. Paul's cathedral to join ill a hiational
thanksgiving service for the recoveryi of the
Prince of WVales frotm the datiger,.ous illness
which had brought hlill so ve"y near death's
door the year before. The queen and the
Prince and Princess of WVales pas-ed from
[luckinghal l palace to St. Paul's along
streets literally alive with people. Foot
vways, shopi windows and the very roofs
were teemining w ith .slouting, hurrahing a:id
entthusiastic crowds. and the popular dis
play of loyalty was Ibeyoindl all descri ption.
In the cathedral the prince sat between
his mother and his wife, the vast fanie
tlrtiMged to the utmosi t with good subjects
of the queen, whio were anxious to show
how entirely they syIimpathized with her
joys as well as with her sorrows It was a
retmarkable scene, especially to foreigners,
sinu e it furnished evidence of the existence
of that k ind of family feeling that pre\aiil
between the English royal hiouse and the
people at large. It is due to the existence
of this stentiment that thle queen and her
childrenl go to the trouble of themselves
notifyilng tile citizens of Lo)Indton through
I the lord imayor and the r,'naiidtler of her
pIeople tlroulgh the home secretary of all
dloltiestic events, such as births. marriages
and deaths, that take pl.':e ill their family.
-'I
SWINDSOR CASTLLF
The people appreciate this and take pains
to show the extent to which they partici
pate in the joy>, and sorrows of their reign
ing house. Thus on tile deaths of the
queen's youngest son, Ieoleold, duke of Al
bany, in 1884; of her daughter AlUce, grand
duchess of Hesse, in 18.8, and of her grand
son, the Duke of Clarence, in January, 18tr2,
many a cabman madle a point of wearing a
bit of crape around his hat and a crape bow
on his wbip, while the seres:lnts and shop
girls wore black ribboni asa token of mourn
ing.
Queen Victoria's Jubilee.
On June 20, 1887, the queen once more
made a state progress through her great
capital to attend a special service at West
minster abbey in honor of the semicenten
nial anniversary of her wccession to the
throne. Every reigning house in the world
sent either niembers ot their families or
great dignitaries to reprel, est thenat tile
ceremony, and while kings and queens
chatted gayly together in the chancel of
the abbey while awaiting the coming of
Queen Victoria, her majesty-no longer the
bonny, fresh and healthy cheeked English
girl of 1837. but a venerable looking, white
haired old lady-was driving up Piccadilly,
her carriage escorted by the most brilliant
troop of princes, archdukes and grand
dukes that have ever been gathered to
gether for such r. purpose.
Most notable in the proc2sion was the
queen's favorite son-in-law, the prince im
perial of Germany, who a little later suc
ceeded his father as Emperor Frederick, and
it was observed that when at the abbey the
various princes and princesses present came
forward to do homage to the queen as she
sat in the chancel on her throne the good
old lady embraced "Unser Fritz" with
especial warmth and affection,, as if lled
with a preseutiment of his impending death,
which took place after a reign of only 90
days.
Seven times during her reign was Queen
Victoria's life attempted, but only on one
<tcasion, in May, 1850, did her majesty re
ceive any actual injury, and that of a mere
transitory character. Her assailant on that
occasion was a dismissed officer of hussars,
and he was seized before he had time to ac
complish more than strike hera sharp blow
in the face with a stick. 'The man was sEn
tenced to seven years' transportation. The
first attempt to assassinate her was made
in June, 1840 by a man named Oxford, who
fired two pistol shots at her while she was
driving up Constitution hill with her hus
band. The would be murderer was de
tained several years in prison .and at last
accounts was earning his lip elihood by
house painting out in Australia.
Victoria had nine children--Victoria,
dowager empress of Germany; Albert Ed
ward, prince of Wales; Alice, grand duch
ess of Hesse; Alfred, duke of Edinburgh;
Princess Helena, Princess Louise; Arthur,
duke of Connaught; Leopold, duke of Al
bany, and Princess Beatrice. All have had
large families save the Princess Louise, who
married Lord Lorne.
VICTORIA'S TRAITS.
AN EX-ATTACHE WRITES OF HER
CHARACTERISTICS.
She Outlived AU the Friends of Her Youth,
and Happiness Went With Them--WHe
Sense of the Ludicrouea--She Almost
Missed the Throne-Bemlinscenoes.
Although it is impossible to say that
Queen Victoria outlived her usefulness, yet
she may be mid to have outlived her hap
pines. During her long and eventful
reign-lmost the longest on record and ex
tending considerably over half a century
she had seen all her oldest friends and ac
quaintances as well as numerous members
of her immediate family disappear into the
grave, until at last she felt herself quite
alone in the world. -Not a single one of hei
former amociates to whom she could un
burden her mind, discuss the earlier events
o her reign, or with whom she could enjoy
ei-rm.atebo e, was left.
Irbhrn~ rb
far towar4 explaining the Ilmaappy ana
even morose rxpression that pervaded thb
queen's fettures during the last W)i years of
her reign., sa.e when solmething extraor
dinary occurred t, excite her keen sense of
the ludicrous. (in snt( I occasion( s as thes,
she wouldl laugh 1\ itlh at dIltreeof heart:ines
and even violen'e itit \aot tl have corn.
pletely sta.tg.-teired thole w\ho hal nlver seer
her with.ut that half a:l,. lalf sour drouo
of the corlltr' of her rl lt'l .
I renuetli tr esp--ially oni c .l- where she
laughed o t I;:(.h that t iheii it t had I a tit
of apolquhsv in . -tie. 'ITi i:hh.niti
which extited har ri-tbility Iat s Ilit tisad
venture of it photlt. rh be l)i hail betien
sunmnitionedi fronti ILoudonh to \VWi(dsor t6
take pictures of her niajesty and of her
children. It was the first time in his life
that the man hail ever found himtself in till
presence of ro yalty, and lie was very ;ircr
oun. So great indeed was his trepli latiot
that on iuttinig his hand beineath the cloth
for the piurphs-e of getting the right focil
he suddenly upset the camera. The sig.t
of the latter, with its three legs sticking nu,
into the air. w hi le the frightened photog
rapher stoot stock still, wll. nigh pertitied
with fear and with the black cloth still
hanging over his headt and face, struck bot It
the quleetn antd Pritnce I eotp,tl. duke ot Al
bany, is so intensely fulltnny that they bolth
burst into peals of the most itnimoderate
laughter.
The little great lady fairly shook with
merriment as she lay back on the sofa
where she was sitting, while Prince Leo
poltl threw himself on the floor and fairly
shrieked with delight. The scene, however,
was broughit to a sudden and( solnewhtat
tragical conlclusion, for t he prince latugheti
so hard that lie broke a bloodl vesel and
brought on a lit, front the effects of which
he almost died at the timoe.
1 his senise of the ridiculous constituted a
remarkable fIatitre of the queen's charac
ter throughout her life and is noticeablle,
moreover, in the books which sithe published
conicerning her life in the highlandtls.
Even in her chilhol l and girlhoodl pre.
vious to her accession to the throne in 1b7"
Qtut'eei Vi'ctrita seents to have givetl tevi
dence of this itnderlyinig current of nierri
mient and fun ill the coniistitution of her
enarlacter. ''rue. everything was done ttat
could be done to cieck it by her moither,
th'e I)utch("ss of Keit, iwh(iee severity atlll
even hiar-hntess towarid the younllg prilm'4-<
called forlt oni oe nle ittrabl) le' occasion, as
a state bIa;lnquet at \Vind-or. a vichltit aipd
public rebuike frolin Kinlig Williamtl I V'.
I)e rsaaiul Tiraits.
Queen Victoria was simall in staiture and
during the litter part if her lifet very stout.
This, however, did tnt p!,.\Vt(lit henr Ifrom re
taininig a mnot remarkiable gracte and niaj
esty of deptlrtmietit It was ipol)sisible tc
conceive anything imoire captivatitg aud
winninig than her smile Alway;s plainly
and even shabbiily dre-tst ill Itblack g.clT;i4
that were ofttin rusty, it wi.s itip.ssible ii Il
to feel when in her lre.entce t hat that little
old womian hadu ruled fir miore than half i
century over the great(est aitil mlost exte.i
sive erlpire of the civilized globe, andl with
all that a trnt, wiarmii hearted wiomian, flaI
of tenderness, a broad minded, uniaffected
piety and sincere syulpiat hy for all that a-a
in trouble or distressed, a thoroughly hu
e1
ALBERT EDWARD, VICTORIA'S FIRSTBORN.
man empress in fact, whose affections,
thoughts and utterances were understood
and appreciated at their true value by her
subjects.
Corning to a throne tarnished by the im
moralities of her predecessors, Queen Vic
toria completely reformed the moral atmos
phere of the court, and to a certain extent
also of the entire British people, for not
withstanding all the epithets that are hurled
against it British society is today infinitely
superior in morals as well as in honor to
what it was previous to 1837. Vice there is
and always will be in a metropolis so large
as Iondon, in a society so elastic and ac
cessible as that of England, but vice is no
longer so rampant, so unblushing and so
public as in days of yore.
That Queen Victoria fostered the fine
arts is best shown by the fact that a large
proportion of the former enormous imports
of art objects from France into England
have now ceased. Britain has learned to
supply her own demand for art objects
Her majesty's interest in such matters as
these was only natural, for she was one of
the most accomplished women of her do
minions, being a painter of considerable
merit, a musician of rare talent, a clever
writer, as shown by her "Highland Leaves,"
and a remarkable linguist. Not content
with knowing German, French and Italian,
she set herself down when past the age of
e0 to study Hindoo, and was able at the time
of her death to converse freely with her two
or three Indian body servants.
Moreover, her long experience as a ruler
and the profound knowledge which she pos
sessed of international politics were almost
without parallel among the European sov
ereigns and statesmen, and endowed her
with great prestige and influence. The lat
ter, exercised with much caution and fore
sight, proved sufficient on several occasions
to avert continental wars, and it is no secret
that Emperor William of Germany and
Alexander III of Russia were restrained
from fighting for years by nothing but the
wise intervention of Oueen Victoria.
STORIES OF A SOVEREIGN.
Auecdotes About the Late Queen Victoril
From Various Sources.
Victoria used to sleep between woolen
blankets or sheets woven especially for her
use. They were made very soft and fleecy
and thin, and as she never use4 them after
they were washed she required about eight
new pairs e"ery month. When she had dis
carded then, they were sent to the hospitals.
One firm supplied these blankets to her
majesty for 40 years. In order to keep her
k.,
Pet·p
C II ART E R
Of the 11tnrv ls' Mercantile and
WStae' .44.' I 444. 4444444 -444t i-en l.'l. pier
cr111lt~ .;."e'lm~~~··l.l 44l~ )?1 .4.1i-l:,e I 44' h..~' .4e
osit o aflt [IV 441.;11r11 ' :iflt a Dot #lA Ili- Icli'l W4
CU 1Lofiti llll lno- -uh-criked. .1111it
ofafla il :IL4.. %l%.I.(. 1., 1e11.1-4 111M-. 441:44lest.
-*t.'r llft'V1. 4 1f4' ill" 4t'. % Ill ' I It.-, '4 N N o
11 iii StltW1'v 1V e itIi' 1144 A '1 I Ilg- i t? 11 ?1 'A 11 U.
s t e ti t'i At Im Sit :,; 411t 1444'* 1.il ,~. 4;V11
t4J14114il illd eIll.wi it lid 144 , % 1ll;IA
tmidaHrel I.II I.
aftrh lectmatir'rnd Kt e A' ihe I luIi l ::41' rtil !4I
and cmis t Atle mI. Nl'FAK'·ir r ; 11 w:1!14t11,1% Jr
ite'1'e'b e' 1 ill eIj el, itll' t e he' i-it .. v 1 41d 1'.'
po 11111rt. ;44teIg. I.,iiiiIei;i.1141 imtmlei'~ :r ;iit. er
atleelt 4' le l444~ 44ift- '~l~ inl ic i - . ,h~ si Itumil
..eme'dt~rif c:i umne' tmtmel t4'.t' itr e:4irI441'14 14i'441.
54441 1144' "114444, ' 1.4 141'4'11k 14111 folt ow init .le'a'.t
11444,lrt4.14444 4414lmlelliteitl ie'e't~ie. under I~t..ai
Thile natm'e vL1144ttle of I. itile 444 i 141441
P1l1411'ei ti 44:14. 11144l- I l. I441 '. 'lm H.ENiYe"A
TILE ANI) MANUFACTURING 1110Il nuii~r l O
die, t fcir'.. 141e't 1k' 1414. liti4 ll mi er i'. ý 4cor
4'44nIII e.4rlKj\ee?4 14414' re.(,14ie. 1. 44414k. mel(
porIttv j itmlell I . I'4;'i4d 'tf-fi.rl m14 'il A it lvt.r
t weie 1r 1 '4' iid lm lmmg41m44'my K cou ,ti e F 1 il d
11.14 cII lir. 4. ,m:mto Ice' ..'.'imme'e l mint .- "4414
atilt tile 144441 tIme'vv i 4 t 'II41L44 ri' 4444 *l1416
provel'. it'.ii'e'. Iem 1.veI. w11. 4 l ,r : -. 1444.1
Sotlmimmg' ;mtm'ie aie'.I K ·~v 1:1w. ..r r a' .IieI 44 411
jt'e'K wn wmimel It% .ll4" t'' e vIi. 4 )k44444 T41 j te4
In 4(4'm'11 41t e ' fli t l it.p q iet. ylmrte' , wr. oiu -lit ll
aImII W.3.l440mel le' rl'tilme illin'ill... ' cthe44llive 1
( i yl'llr '. fr eif: 444 mt il Ii lie' I A i tte1 l lm.'r1 ' 4L .
pi'letzm UlKi4i% ll t- lifer* . t4 i t' I e'4 l ire...' " Il .fit
rurlee ie.4etel.
'I'e'44114K 4441 41r 1.44'e " ; fill rea ilwie m, t1',i
itime' 144414141At-; Keg y Ike' devint14 l .44.44.4 ele'.y mill
tee litr. te d I e min-t, to K e' jer .l ~ IP,.e' d ill' 'mem
w 144'4litistile. mi44llme'.' do44l othreti. :44 iv me ju
tile'l 41444 fie m44' it I a e,'m'i4'. Air :,1 lee- l 4ae ivm4414
Carleecm(t44'.\ :444 :,): tIlt4 .114K ,tit a fed g-11,
'1141 ill 441 "4e4 krmAi 6 .1 tlt mer 'm1iii N P~llerIt% vd4
intl m lit' 4lime' %.i t it,41r'4 cluire r,444 '-'4'4 44444
I'le lI pr'.e~idtole' oil.illgg i 114441 r4 144'-414e. e lt iet
lie' i th'iie'1 1 let w id - 4 rle:144 fo %-fIt 44l;lle 4thi
eel'~ mIjI I",'414'4 f .g.r l'" I'' '. let' rlile1 Im4 me 44tll
111Ir tllbime'"14444 44444 he4 .-ill-intl . Ilel daul.Innmr
dl' .lire.tile ie' trll. )*141114 e.il44tl 44 ~ly il
tfilet'. AIIII4 4414441 trmlert - ame , I-Ielit IS14: 11 4.t'I
T hem v ic1 4'll e.141g' 4444'. '.ell !-kid mr :i ornt
On 44mimemt644te ' .e'lo I.a-iml 14mm ha .i of r til 4'11411 If
tmidm oc' 4444 4' l t' bIe'4 tim'0(4444 aco il l K Imel
tile'it ,rile'Nif - mc-wi' d 14 ''li*t, III- III 441' ý : 144..ll
1wi-44t 114 i t imt'. I14 v. mit 414'11.11 r ife '. 1 m intee' 4411
tomere'eclum c lee' 441111 il i.me' m14.4.ck.'4 44 fam141 ily44
ort441 '..lt 44 ol i t(- 144 -Imr'4ed jit. hal1.14 . for4'
4444 4.lirIev Ietr 41 lime' f4'41' ifnl e'I 41 m11'.g1.
Of ir truee's~ of.iid ammy fruteiee nma jtri etelr
tshale. 14144111 d flie' till44' 'Ile,. 4444 j)44r144 4044
'41411 I l iti ilt-~' (-IIgcj '14m lct-.i iim ".'. v ti e. .41 444 44
Lwll 44 tme t'1l.44l 'to 'k fill. 11 olp imavi h'e'i 1mm
m mw il ei l t hrear. i l t % j 4 i ý -
OfIsimm' Ioamneltee' titil reto) 'i 14*411. ha-iiiia I rlne nItie
tle m1'erijllet he o g m4UIIl t he k rim 14111 lifid lie
ite tmued.r. hrefsmi ivetl
A\TICrLE IV'.
The corhorlate ierl rs t this coI Ipar.
shall be ve"ted in intl t\ l.;re.d it\ ai Iad
of "even () it d ltt ltors, (tn'l-" tii of tI le
pre-ident twlo.h:tll b.. the nral loan
aS eri vice \ ,rc" ,ident awod fie ,; , . lt. lI
ets Four of 'aid b o or .ha11 iii "lit t ttin
quoru l for the tr nsact ion If l intlsl ,
anil their tdecision,l -iLIl Ire valid co,:v arte
acts.
The following persons shall 'constitute
the first board of direct.r, : litnr" tHose..
Pretisdem I and teneatl ta fanat.: r: l n.cur .\
Fetzer. Vice president. ( C. .11.. a i dent .
retary andl Treasuler and .1 I ! lilislp,.,
J - .\ tItley, T. 1 LJitarlow atlt 11 It
Pierce directoIrs
No perIonl slall] i eligilb ais director ,Il
an otftl'er wh\it is not a stot.kholtlh r of this
c(omlpally. I) nll'in. tihl. ab.Ience" of th,' ptrsi
deit the vice prestlteuit shlill act and
preside.
Said board shall continue in ollice until
the setond Tluesday in .gal eary, 1I.it0, oi1
which date and th+reaft,.r :itfluaily. a
board of directors shall ie electedl oil tihe
sectlld 'lues.lav in .laulllary of each 'etr,
unle.ss the samne shouhl his a holiday, tvhetn
the election shail l,1 he li oni the next le'tal
day thereafter. N tiet. of sluch election
shall be given by at least ten days ctnt int
ou.s publication intnediatelyv ,-ecedina,
each t lectiot. in one ,f the daily ntew.,
papels of this tity: ;ttl the Ioard of di
rectors hail appolint tine or mitore stock
holdlers to Ipreside at suclh elect timlh ns
ColtlissioUnel-s. il thelt event of the failture
of anlly COllllllissionlle ir o 't)llllllli ,lll el's t
attend, the president shall, by ,jIintt
ment. fill the vacancy. Any failure fr't;I
ally cause whaIltever to elect directIrs the
day natlllle for that purpote, slha l nlt Ihis
solve the c lrporat , i it, tit he direet.l t
then in office, as H'ell as the otlihetrs of said
colllpalty, shall hold oVt r 1until their suie
cessors are chosen. In sIuclh etvenlt thle
president shall cause anllt he1r electi1onl to li
held within thirty dlays, anti shall give no
tice thereof as herein above prtovitdedl.
At every elec eetiog eacll steaok.
holder shall hbe elitit led to vtoilte for eat-l,
share of stock registered ill his nallle an.i.
mIay vote by proxy.
'Ihe election of direc'tors shall he by hatl
lot, and the majority in amtllut of <votte"
cast. each slhare of stctk votetId 11,101 tol lte
counted for onlle vote, shall elect thle persont
or personsl for hom thily have been cast.
After each electionl the lolardl of I)ir e
tors shall elect front their own 1itl(mber tht
officers of said ll e pany, including a Set
retary alld I'realsurer.
ARi'l'ICi.E V.
The loard of l)irector '.i:hall have fuill
power to till vtacanlcits ill t'heir IllIhlt
caused Ity death, resignation otr ith -rte i.
fro alllllmonIg the.stokholll el.S of the l,r"
poratiou.
'Ihe said Board shall have full iomtr ,l II
thet prolertyv of this complty, al ,.it..
C.oIltnuct, Ikil.ILge aid toite te' ";iti. 1 iti
their aiseretio, l tllhey lde.l lit. .,,i tI ti
consistent with tile objecto tiri 1 .itap,t,
Or the welfare of the s:amlle
The said lBoard is further llauthlit it~.,l t,
frame and adopt such lei l;ix , rules i an.
regulatius.as the afftairs a~,l I he I.,IIn.,s
of theil corlporation ttmay revelire, alnd as it
miay (leelll nec:e.sary for t he Icid ullt ilt allti]
nanagemenlllt thereof: prob itC+., t lit- salle
shall tort comnlict with t his < al t, r, ,,r \\it
the laws of the state, orf t itll: I' iteit
Ftates.
The President al'iI (I:,. ral Manatge
shall appoint such a_.* t - ,.nilu r,l - , r.
tants anl clerk., as Ib- n;, , dleet, nell,'.- r,
for the cn1 1tinctl . oft II'" , I ~iitn s ~f thet.
Corporattin. ti i t oL , It,, -,:ttin. tern
of serx ice, with the t Ilght to tilSlllias thelit
ort hims ple asD tu;r' . t ti..u - , lt l t'l.th rioht
to fix and ell m.': noe t!" - ':t, e-ot Lf l thesey
aral ollicer, h1,.r in tlra it..t1 i, r.
ARTICLI; VI.
This chart-.r no y Ii. (hanged, ntlified
or amended. the capital -to,.k increased or
decreased,. or this cordporation may be dis
solved at a general meetiug of the stock
omvetted for that purpose, with
d tbrepo*rUth, of the entire
mrri* np
fif I'!1 ,rI r:ir ,, i ..:all la.n ti fully
l' !'i. '1 I - rf . . i a it! .f one or
II ." a. a- 11.1 t , u r.. -i -iI 1tia survivurs
or for - t .
N\ . rt . I , *. . , • • .r. ... n. u , *> , hnlljd
. h. , f r ti l
h * *ri ". " * . . . - , h,, i -< '
A~r
11 " . .. r I I'
SI * *.- r v I':: ia • ' .
'-t"I . ! a . . .. '. a a ' ! a .. a'- a ;
: i! -. . . i a 1
Caa r"a"aI ' II ra.•re'ra
I . : ,i I. ,'' " " .. . '
l ea "d . "" '." a " "
"i " : . \ . 0 "
Iat - it i , '.. , - .. ie
ai .: a . rr ' ea ' " *. . '"' an.
•i . • ..>. • i . \ o . \ i>
i4. : i , m; -,i . . . .. .. . i
l, . ..'- . . . l
I . . . : . .e .a' r 1. .
Vd Ib .a 2 . ; .... I :>
i l. iL ta i : > x I Ij a r a ler.T.
<. , i . ,
l i " . ' ,. nl r *!
L*I .\ I.! ».\ .\ ·1, 1: ,.
\V ; . ". "nr - : \ O 1,..r I'.. >'ler.
l] ' i'; S ' Is,' h ncfit of
3 Trains Daily
'10
PT WORTH and;DALLAS
Ani. All
Texas Points
Incomparable Cannon B:J1
service: to California and
the West. Speed and cou
fort combined.
f. 1P. TURNKR,
G. P. & T. A.,
Dallas. Texas
First National Bank
OfFIShrevelIort,"i La.
Fiscal Ageuts
Of the!City of Shreveport anU:
Caddo Parish.
Capital........$200,000
Surplus.......... 40,000
W B Jacobs, - - - - - 'residen
WV T Crawfor.d - - Vice-President
W J Baversdorfler - - - - Cashier
DIRECTC('S.
J M Foster. J S Noel,
llinry Florabeii, S G Dreyfus,
W F Dillon, Win Wrltec
W T Crawford, W B Jacobs,
Jobhn P Scott.
O BOETZ,
Family
Groceries
:32'71 EXAS STIREE.
(otiin aRd examine my new c[ea.
groccry atock. Every thing at ea
sonable prices. I)ou't forget tiGc lace
P. k0r1an M4AADA T
WOR' MAN & ADMMS
TINNEWRS.
GALVANIZED INUN CIS TEdN.S
MADEI-N UIN1 CAe'ACUlr
WOFIIIG AJ.I GUTTERI[G A SPECIAL' I
'14 &M A ItRSIAL, hTRIEE '
Merchant I ailor
JACOB GALL.
Texas Street. nearly c;,,l,;osito
the Baptist Cliurch.
FIRST CLASSP WORK.
EXECUTED PRUMzPTL
Orders solicited. Satiefaction Gus
aateeI- Attent _ givr to R
tion Notice.
n existetg btr' . .