FORMERLY
OPPOSED
THEKLAN
NOW REALIZES THAT KLAN IS
THE ONLY REMEDY FOR TAK
ING CARE OF AMERICA
FOR AMERICANS
San Antonio, Texas. —(Special.)—
Rev. Lloyd P. Bloodworth, pastor of
the Methodist church here, formerly
an enemy of the Knights of the Ku
Klux Klan, but after traveling exten
sively throughout the country, and
.reading much literature pertaining to
the Klan, has reached the conclusion
that the Klan is not a mob of law
breakers, and is now their friend.
Speaking before an audience of over
three thousand, he bitterly denounced
anti-Americanism in the schools, im
morality in the homes, hypocrisy in
the churches end lack of respect for
the Federal Constitution.
“I have come to realize that the
American home is the bulwark of the
nation. Just as sure as you destroy
the sanctity of the American home,
you destroy the nation,” Rev. Blood
worth said.
“Some of you have probably heard
me denounce the Klan. Oh, I used to
get up in the pulpit and I pulled my
hair, stamped my feet and waved my
hands and preached against the Ku
Klux Klan,” he stated. ‘‘Now I have
come to realize that whenever the peo
ple of this country hear the principles
of the Ku Klux Klan they are going
to accept them if they are real Amer
icans, for the principles of the Ku
Klux Klan are exactly the same as
those on which the foundation of
America was laid,” Rev. Bloodworth
said.
At the conclusion of his address, he
urged that every citizen of the United
States do his utmost to support the
principles for which the Klan stands.
—The Searchlight.
CROOKED
JOURNALISM
The New York World, owned by
highly placed Jews, and having on its
stair a number of prominent Jesuits,
is guilty of corrupt practices in the
losing battle it has been waging
against the Ku Klux Klan, as proved
by evidence from its own columns.
On Friday, December 29th, page 1,
column 1, a sensational story in the
World from Atlanta stated that the
Klan had now decided to admit Catho
lics to membership, and quoted Im
perial Giant E. Y. Clarke as authority
for this strange statement. This sug
gestion, designed by Jesuits to create
a schism in the Klan, conforming to
the well-known Jesuit maxim, “Divide
and Conquer,” was broadcasted
through the papers, and commented
upon, arousing a general protest
throughout the Klan membership. In
view of the known attitude of the Klan
toward popery, with its alienism, dis
loyal allegiance to a foreign poten
tate, and dangerous un-Americanism,
the story looked like a fake to readers
experienced in Jesuit tactics of war
fare, but easily deceived the gullible,
temporarily.
On Sunday, December Slst, page 1,
column 1, the World printed a retrac
tion of the story, saying, in particular,
that Imperial Giant Edward Y. Clarke
“protested he did not say Catholics
would be admitted to membership.”
In spite of this positive and definite
exposure of a fake, the World on
Tuesday, January 2d, page 2, column
8, published an article from Atlanta
purporting to be an interview with
Clarke explains why Jews are inad
missible to the Klan. The World says:
“Clarke was asked to explain how he
had arrived at the decision to admit
Catholics to membership in the Klan,
and still leave the Jews out in the
cold.” Clarke is then quoted by the
World regarding the Jewish question,
but does not mention the Roman
Catholics at all in the interview. Yet
the casual reader would construe the
World’s statement as meaning that
Clarke had decided to admit Catholics.
In this way, the World repeats a lie,
which it had first published, then de
nied in obedience to Clarke’s protest,
and again re-asserted in a subtle man
ner.
This is crooked journalism.
AMERICAN.
—The Searchlight, Jan. 20, 1923.
MINISTER
ENDORSES
THE KLAN
At the conclusion of the conference
of the Methodist Church, South, held
in Shreveport last week, one of the
leading ministers referred to the great
good accomplished in his territory by
the Ku Klux Klan. The Times-Picay
une, while bitterly opposed to the
Klan, nevertheless published along
with the conference preceedings, the
following:
“That the Ku Klux Klan has been
of more help than any other agency,
was the statement by the Rev. P. H.
Fontaine, pastor of the Methodist
Church at Bonita, La., in his report
to the Methodist conference on the
year's work of his charge. Bonita is
near Mer Rouge, Morehouse parish,
where the disappearance of two men,
alleged to have been abducted by the
Ku Klux Klan, caused nation-wide dis
cussion and led to an investigation by
Governor Parker.” ,
As there was not a dissenting voice
raised, so far as the published report
shows, we wonder what the governor
now thinks of a body of men repre
senting the* Methodist churches of
Louisiana. We wonder if the governor
will say that these men are unfit to
guide the spiritual destinies of thou
sands of people affiliated with the
church in question in Louisiana.
In this conference, presided over by
Bishop Candler, patiently listened to
The following is a reproduction of the first page of The Fellowship Forum, pub
lished at Washington, D..C. The publishers of this paper
have spared neither time nor money to find out the truth
regarding the Mer Rouge incident.
cAMtfana/ Weekly Nevspaper Heivtea of the hMdi Current Events
Massed aa seaead dm astur h»«. til. < the PnMffiis s< WfsibHgSii. P. C» —dar she Aet a« Mars* X IBS.
Priest Absolves
Klan From Fire -
Bug Charges
Marlboro, Mm—A report circulated
hero recently to tbc effect that a Xu
klux Xlaa letter threatening the do
■truction by fir* of tho St Annc’c Acad
emy building on Broad St. bad been re
ceived, wee denied by Kev. K. X. Lara
vie re, tesiv curate of St Xary’e Church.
Fr. Leraviere is in. charge in the ab
le nee of the pastor, Rev. X. L. M. Le
vesque.
He. eaid: "1 inquired of tho killer
superior and the eaid no letter threat
ening the church or anyone had been
received by her." Speaking of the re
cent 6re» in churches end other build
ingi in Canada, he laid out of M Are* '.*B
•ere due to negligence. He said the
Area in St Boniface College end the Uni
versity of Montreal were of unknown
origin and that moat of these Ares oc
curred before the Ku Klux Klan came
Into the public eye.
OREGON LAW AIMS
TO TAX CHURCHES
Other Measure* Affecting the
Public School* Under
Consideration.
Oregon not only is determined to have
a compulsory education law. but she ia
equally determined to have all the tram
ming! that should go with a good law
of that kind. The Oregon legislature
uhich i* now in session will have to con
sider four bills introduced during tho
past week by Representative D. C. Lewi*,
of Portland. Oreg., designed to be rom
panicii bills of the compulsory educa
tion law recently -passed by the \otera
ut a referendum election
Mr. Lewis's first bill would repeal that
section of the Oregon code which per
mits transportation and importation into
the state of wine for sacramental pur
poses This would be a solar-plexus
blow for the Catholics *ho simply can
not function without tliyr « iuc. . _ »
The second bill relates fn roe examina
tion of public school teachers. While
ad'ire, reaching here do not aperiAraily
slate so. Oregonians in Congress believe
prospective teachers would have to tell
whether the/ nre Catholics •
The third would b** another "sock
dolager" In the Catholic midriff, for it
would repeal the law exempting churches
end church property from taxation. If
the Roman church has to pay the regu
lar rate on all its colleges, churches
and other money-making- institutions,
there would be but tittle left to send
the Pape.
The fourth bill would repeal an exist
ing law which provides for chaplains
at the penal institutions of the State,
one of which at each institution must be
a Catholic priest. While this would
withdraw Slate funds from all the chap
lains it is believed the different Protes
lant church organizations ns the State
would cheerfully supply chaplains in
plenty.
Oregonians here who look with delight
on the freedom moCe in the borne State
are delighted with llieee bills and predict
their passage after a tight.
IOWA NS TO OPEN
'TEMPLE JULY 1
Davenport Structure One of
the Mott Modern in
America.
Thg $1,000,000 Masonic Temple bciof
constructed in Davenport. lowa, probably
will be completed by July I, according
to a recent announcement by the con
tractors. Construction of the new
Temple was begun on July 1, 1921, eo
the approximate lime for the entire job
will nut exceed two years.
When completed the new Temple will
be’ one of the best equipped lodge halls
in the West. It will consist of live
stories end's basement and will be of
dull gray stone built on severe Grecian
lines.
Lodge rooms, offices for ‘the various
secretaries, lounging and . recreation
rooms, auditorium, club rooms and
dining halls will bo included. The
auditorium will seat approximately 3.000
persons and will contain a stage with
a front opening of 44 feet. It will be
modeled after the Greek amphitheater.
MASONS FETE
KIDDIES OF TWO RACES
IketUik Bodies at Lawrence Gi'e-Them
Movie Parties.
Uvrrnc". Ks.vv.- -Following a # cu.tom
established several, years ago* by the
Scottish Rile Mssons of this city, the
entertained at two of the
‘ — **- the
a report of one of its members, where
in the Ku Klux Klan was credited
with being the greatest agency for
good in the very community that the
governor claims the Invisible Empire
is doing incalculable harm—without
a single minister objecting, and evi
dently with the acquiescence of the
bishop—then surely something is
wrong somewhere. The Klan is either
an agency for great and lasting good,
or it is a menace to the state. Figure
it out yourself.—Hammond, (La.)
Vindicator.
A copy of the following letter was sent to every member of the Senate
and House of Representatives of the Minnesota State Legislature.
Minneapolis, Minnesota.
January 30, 1923.
Gentlemen:
North Star Klan Number Two, Knights of the Ku Klux Klan, approves
the passing of an “Anti-masking” bill that is general in its application and
does not attempt to interfere with, or restrict, organizations in the use of
that customary regalia when conducting their meetings on private property.
The passing of such a bill and its rigid enforcement, will be most welcome
to us.
The Ku Klux Klan stands unqualifiedly for observance and enforcement
of the laws of our land and leaves masked lawlessness and violence to the
enemies of our organization.
We hope and urge that an “anti-masking” lull will he introduced and
passed, and respectfully request that this communication be read to the
honorable body over which you preside and that it be read into the records
of both the House and the Senate.
Respectfully yours,
Exalted Cyclops.
North Star Klan No. 2.
WASHINGTON, D. C., SATURDAY, JANUARY 20,1928.
CATHOLICS, IN CONTROL AT MER ROUS, IA, SHIELD
GAMBLERS AND BOOTLEGGERS IN EFFORT OF IN
FORMAL INVESTIGATION TO CRUSH KU KLUX KLAN
Principals, Made Martyrs by Roman Church, Keep
Negro Women and Raise Black Families in
Town With Wives and Children.
(By Staff Correspondent of Tba Fellowship Forum)
Bastrop, La., Jan. 17.—That some powerful
influence, generally 'believed to be tbc Roman
Catholic hierarchy, is shielding one of the rot
tonest situations and most lawless gangs that
ever existed in an American community iu it*
attempt here to stamp out th<?Ku Klux Klan
through distortion of facts, is so well known
that the people of Morehouse Parish are com.
plctcly disgusted at tbc refusal of the Ameri
can press to print tbc true facts of the I'asc.
Your correspondent has found that bootleg
ging, moonsbining. gambling,Concubinage with
negro women and other forms of vice and vio
lence have for year* been the watchword of the
Mer ltougc and that tbc leaders there
who now arc being held up to the world as
martyrs at the.bauds of the Ku Klnx Klan are
iiotbing more than moraf lepers aud festers
on the fair name of tleeeocx •
White* Keep Negro Women
A great many of the married men, perhaps as
much as fifty per ccut of them, not only have
a family of white children but also are responsi
ble fer a finiilj of half-ncgrocs and half-whites,
maintaining what is commonly termed here
abouts as a “negro burem,” iu addition to their
own legal families.
Practically all of the touiiff. single men. al
though there are a few shining exceptions,
maintain young negro women tn homes. In
some instances where a youth has plenty of
mono.' he is known to be supporting two and
three negro women. Others who are not py.
well off financially keep only ojoe
This practice is so general there that it is an
open secret that a deacon in the Baptist church,
of Mer Kouge keeps a negro woman in addi-:
(ion to his white family. Furthermore, ihw
same Deacon has taken a widow under his
care in order that he may pay attention to her
17-year-old daughter. Ho recently • bought a
Ford for the girl.
The town marshal is kuown for nules about
to be the champion poker player of the pariah.
Daniel Ban Gambling House
J. L. Daniel, father of Watt Daniel, operates J
a gambling house where both whites and ne
groes congregate und gamble together.
Watt Daniel and Thomas Richard, who are
said to have “disappeared”, were “tout*’’ for
the gambling house. Both were bootleggers
and each kept a negro woman.
The gambling house of J. L. Daniel is main
tained at his own home in Mer Rouge and the
state's attorneys who are here conducting this
probe know it. for one of them was there Tues
day night gambling.
The people ot Morehouse parish do not be
lieve Watt Daniel and Thomas Richard arc
dead. They believe they left for parts un
known, probably New Orleans, at the instance
of the Catholic hierarchy and are being kept
there now in order to foster their nefarious
scheme of laying crime that docs not exist on
the heads of innocent men.,
Bodies Are “Pound"
The bodies that were identified as those of the
missing men are believed to have been brought
to Lake Lafourche by the enemies of the K. K.
K. and “found” by the Catholic officers of the
law in dragging the lake. It is the general
belief that the bodies have been used as speci
mens by some medical college and were so dis
figured before being brought here so as-fe make
identification positive. It is pointed out that
articles belonging to Watt-Daniel that were
found ou one of the bodies could easily have
SIOUX FALLS SHRINE
PLANNING BIG CIRCUS
Porformaacea la South Dakota Moiropu
Ua to Laat Three Days.
£ll Iliad Temple, Nobles of tfie Mystic
Shrine. Sioux Falls, S. Dak., will giv« a
rircus beginning March |. The per
formances will last for tSireo days, and
will be held in the CoMseum of the city,
which wrH be transformed into a replica
of a summer circus tent. * ,
John R. Agee's circus will be brought
to Sioux Falls hy the Shrine.
COLUMBUS PROPHETS
TO. HAVE CEREMONIAL|
CABINET MEMBER MAKES GOOD
KU KLUX SPEECH .
El Paso, Texas.—(Special.)—This
city was honored last week with a
visit by Albert B. Fall, member of
President Harding’s cabinet Mr. Fall
made a real Ku Klux speech at the
Paso del Nortre Hotel, when he em
phasized the fact that the people were
today looking for 100% Americans
for offices, and not caring whether
they were Democrats or Republicans.
been given to the platters by Daniel and placed
on the bodies in that way.
The “search” for the torture machine is be
ing laughed at openly here. The report has
See out that the officers are “dragging” the
it to find the torture machine. Klansmen
are keeping close watch on the officers to see
where they are building it and see when they
throw it in the lake so it can be “found"
The existence of a torture machine is uot giv
en one moment’s cretleucc by people on tbc
ground.
These facts have uever been presented to the
public tor the reason that the Catholics con
trol the machine that is conducting the hearing
at present. Officers of Morehouse Parish have
nothing to do with this hearing. It i* being
conducted b\ officers from Baton Rouge and
Washington under the direction of Governor
I’arker, every one of whom is a Roman Catho
lic.
To show that the Catholics are in control,
note the following facts adduced during inves
tigations and vouched for by the best citizens
of Northern Lousiana
Catholics in Control
1. Governor Parker's wife is a Catholic, and
his daughter is iu a convent.
*J. Attorney-General A. V Coco, a denuded
Mason, has joined the Catholic Church and the
Knights of Columbus.
Jl. Federal investigators sent here b.» William
J. Bums, Knight of Columbus ehief of the De
iSjtrUueiU of JustuM.Bureau of InvestigatMMt,
are all Catholics.
4. All State investigators are Catholics.
In addition to this. Catholics have seen to it
that many of the correspondents sent, here
to report the hearing are Catholics or hate
strong pro-Cathohe tendencies.
The principal delight of newspaper corre
spondents seems to bo tn digging up wild and
fanciful, yarns and will take in anything any
one wilt tell them, sending it out to their pa
pers as facts. A few uights ago R. E. Rhodes,
correspondent for the Shreveport Times, who
has been one of the greatest exaggerstors iu
the newspaper corps, was arrested for drunken
ness. When arraigned before the Mayor, he
pleaded that his paper be not told or he^would
lose his position. The maygr lectured him for
his exaggerations and then begging mercy of
the town, remitted the fine and let him go.
Hearing Not “Legal”
The ''hearing” conducted here has no legal
standing. It is simply a prosecutor’s inquiry
to see if he has a ease. Witnesses w'bo arc
suspected of having any testimony which would
throw light on the other side are not allowed
to testify. Those who do testify arc protected
from cross-examination. - •
Bringing troops to Morehopsc Parish is re
garded as a gross insult by the eitizens of the
parish. Never at any time has there been any
need for troops in the present situation, anil
now raosf of them have been sent back to their
homes. It is believed this move was made by
Governor Parker as a grandstand play for. the
benefit of the Knights of Columbus.'
As soon as the Attorney-General has finished
his “iiyjuiry,” the case probably will be laid
before The grand jury, although even this is
doubtful. It is entirely, probable that he may
cause a change of venue in order to get away
from the wave of resentment against him.
In the meantime, the vigilant committee is as
vigilant as ever and will watch
over the welfare and morals of the community.
PROPHETS INVITE
INDIANS TO BALL
Redskins Attend Fete ns Tradi
ditional Costumes of Sev
ere I Centuries.
kallipolix Grotto of Waxhiogton, had
an added attraction at its ball on Wed
neoday evening, Jan. 17 at the New Wil
lard Hotel, an attraction that added both
color and novelty to the event. An In
vitation was e.tended to the delegation
of Pueblo Itidianx in Washington in ron
'*••**" with legislation aPccting thorn.
*nt»d tji* iatn*-*’ * at-
K. K. Offers SSOO
For Arrest of Law Viola
tors While Wearing
Regalia
Wilmington, DeL—(Special.)—“Wil
mington Klan, No. 7, Realm of Dela
ware, hereby offers the sum of five
hundred dollars as a reward for the
arrest and conviction of any person or
persons, Klansmen or not, committing
unlawful acts while wearing Klan re
galia, masks or robes.
“KU KLUX KLAN.”
“P. O. Box 486, •
“Wilmington, DeL”
An official of the organization said
the other night that members of the
Klan were determined to protect them
selves and all law-abiding citizens. He
added emphatically that all imperson
ations of the Klan must cease, and that
every effort would be made to trace
offenders and deal with them by law.
SEADRIFT KLAN MAKES
DONATION
Seadrift, Texas. —(Special.)—Three
members of the local Knights of the
Ku Klux Klan called on an evangelist
here, who is a Baptist preacher, last
week, and presented him with a sub
stantial donation. A letter was en
closed which outlined the principles
of the Ku Klux Klan.
MINNEAPOLIS TEMPLE
OPENS FOR INSPECTION
W*nki»fal Master G«c k w«r WWJ4*
- First Oav»l ia Slrnctarc.
The HtMok Temple juet coarpWUd
r *T ftyaouth Led**. No. IW, Mlnneapo
■li*. Mina., was opened recently for in
spection by Masons and their faariliee.
The first raeoUny in the new Temple
was held shout the same time, and Wor-
Utipfel Master Guesmer. of Ply mouth
Lodyo, tied the Hiooor of -wielding the
gavel at the Aral meeting held in the
Temple.
Fully 1,000 persons were present at
the opening ceremony end en excellent
program was provided fer their enter
tainment. Oscar KrtL Chairman of*the
Balding Committee ef the Lod-e. eras
presented with a beautiful silver serr
‘**e »f 71 pieces.
Masons Indulge
In Annual Rabbit
Hunt at Gowrie, la.
TH Mason* ot Cowrie. l»m, bald
their tatiMj rabbit Sunt ot «*• begin
ning ot Ua aaw year. Tka pawtaw’
effort* rent Had 4a Ska capture ot 91
•Wuaaioa," nearly aH at which wort
«arred at tree annual feart fives mdor
Ota auspices at Race Lodge, No. MS, ot
tiewri*. V. M. Greenley aid J. W.
Stoddard ware the efficient cooks alia
presided aver the culinary department,
sad" the truest* were laud ia their prxlee
ot aha powder biscuits, smothered ia
cream gravy, the work of theae .envois,
ood which proved to he oae af the meat
popular courses of the menu.
Rone Lodge ha* a number af (u4i
dataa wha have applied far admiaeiea
and soma interesting mad instructive
meeting* are looked forward to with
pleasure by the members.
MINNESOTA GRAND
LODGE IN SESSION
Discusses Mesons’ Duty To
ward Care of Disabled
Veteran*.
The seventieth annual roniiounication
ot the Grand Lodge of Minnesota is be
ing held this week at the Masonic Tem
ple. St. Paul. A (trend Lodge School
of Instruction was held two days prior
ta the convening the Grand Lodge
and »Im a meeting of iha Minnesota
Masonic Home Association
One of the important subject* being
discussed by the Grand Lodge is the
"Open Door for Disabled Vets. Mason
ry's Duty." Jack Scheurr. an ex service
man and a member of t*>e Masonic fra
ternity, has taken the initiative in Min
nesota and i* attempting lo rreate a
cementation ef work among the Masonic
Brothers who have seen service under
the Stars and Stripes during any war tn
which the Usiied lilfftai ha|.participat
'd*. me ioeg- iv to act Ota pact of the
big brother >o those Maeonvc brethren
who are disabled and in such a position
that they cannot help theqnselve*. This
subject is being presented td and thor
oughly discussed by the Grand Lodge
this week.
CHARTER GRANTED
VIRGINIA CHAPTER
George T. Elliott Hoads Now
Organization aft New
port Nows.
Keeoughtan, Va., Chapter, Royal Arch
Masons, No. 42,'* received it* charter
from the Grand Lodge officers af Vl*
finis at Nawport News, Va. last weak.
Among the Grand Chapter officer* par.
ticipatlng were Greed Lecturer, Rigkt
Excellent John T. Cochran, who pre
sented the charter, and Past Grand High
Priest William Chapman; W. F. Bowden,
Keeper af She Second Vail: J. Leon
Codd, Grand Master of the Third Vail,
a* well as Mr. Davis, widely kuOwn in
the Royal Arab circles.
The presentation of the charter task
place in tlio Masonic Tdhiple. Following
the charter presentation a special see
atom w»s held, fallowed by talks from
the visiting officers.
Georg* T. Elliott Is the High Priest
orf the Keeoughtan Chapter, which was
organised about a year age and which
has more than 100 members at this
time. ’.
BIRMINGHAM SCOTTISH
MASONS PLAN REUNION
dmal I A editor lam af Tdmple to bo Dedi
cated January *4.
BiraMngbam, Ala. - Petition* are Wing
received for the reunion of tba Aaciaat
and Accepted Scottish Rita af Freema
sonry to be held March IS-IS, at w4»kh
time the small auditorium of the now
Masonic Temple wit! be dedieatad. The
expectations arc the class will ha targe,
ana of the largest in a long While. A
number af patitloaa will be heilotted a*
at the meeting of the four bodies to ha
Wild the evening of January 24.
It Is aaticipoted bp She Scottish RUa
that a year ef.great activity wilt fet(gw
the dedicatory ceremonies at 4ha mow
No* ART Temple. The now Tempi* will
cost, whea completed, ia tba vicinity af
$2,000,0*0.
DENTAL LABORATORY
GIVEN TO HOSPITAL
Cfertotte. N. C, InStltaflae Benetad
By Nmm.
The Orthopedic Hospital, founded at
Charlotte, N. C.. by Brother V. B. Bab
ington, bas been given a complete dental
equipment by the Che dot be Commend-'
cry. No. S. The idea eriginaUd la
»ulamer when the Templar guards sf.'
4 «rv mid -•’ " * —~
ONE THOUSAND KIDDIES GET
CHRISTMAS PRESENTS
Alice, Texas.—(Special.)—Most
everybody in Alice and surrounding
country was in or near Harmony Pane
last Christmas eve to watch more
than 1,000 kiddies—rich, poor, white,
brown and black—get a package from
Santa Claus, and the spirit of good
cheer reigned supreme. Two heavily
laden trucks containing piles of neat
ly-tied packages were on the grounds,
where every child was presented with
a package of fruit and candy. Old
Santa removed his whiskers and an
nounced that Alice Klan No. 200,
Realm of Texas, hoped that the small
gifts would be received in the same
spirit in which they were given; that
of good will toward the children of
mfn,
El Dorado, Ark.—The El Dorado
News publishes the following editorial
commendatory to the work of the Ku
Klux Klan: “If the cleaning Union
county of bootleggers’ dives is what
the Ku Klux standi for and is work
ing for—that far we agree with them.
They are to be commended upon their
endorsement of the action of Sheriff
B. A. Hancock in cleaning out the nest
over in Pigeon Hill district Let’s
keep up the encouragement If Sheriff
Haaeodc wants to cover himself with
glory in the minds of the persons who
really want to make El Dorado a good
place to live, let him keep up the
work.”
THE DUTY OF
CHRISTIAN
CITIZENSHIP
EDITORIAL APPEARING IN THE
“WEEKLY MESSENGER** OF
THE AVALON PARK M. P.
CHURCH
“Laid down in the Word of God in
language as clear and emphatic as any
duty enjoined upon a Christian are
the duties prescribed for the citizen of
the State. The Lord taught by word
and deed that the obligation to the
Government was as sacred, because it
was ordained of God, as our duty to
the Church. No man can get away
from that fact
Our Government was founded upon
the bed-rock principles of Christianity.
Every heart throb of the Pilgrim
Fathers, who sought shelter on this
side of the “briny deep” was to escape
from political and ecclesiastical tyran
ny and oppression.
Their consuming passion was to find
a place where without molestation
they could worship a Divine Sayiour.
They wanted to found a Govemmeirt
whose dominant soul purpose would
be the recognition of tne soul’s com
petency to deal direct with God with
out the intervention of priest or pre
late, hence, it is written into our fun
damental laws that every soul should
be granted the privilege of worship
ing God according to the dictates of
his conscience.
However, it was never intended to
grant the- right to men who deny the
deity of Jesus Christ, and reject the
ideals and principles that He gave to
the world, to come here and set up
their idol shrines and seek through
their low ideal to overthrow and to
destroy the government that was es
tablished as the habitat of the re
deemed of Christ”
Christian voters, every man and
woman who profess the name Chris
tian should be voters, will act wisely
if they consider the perils that men
ace our country'and its institutions.
At the polls w r e, as intelligent citi
zens of the world’s greatest republic,
should exercise the right of franchise,
not according to the dictates of party
leaders but with understanding and an
intention to deliver this nation from
the bondage of popery toward which
we are rapidly advancing.— The Dawn,
Chicago.
IS THE KLAN
A MENACE
TO AMERICA
Sunday evening at Noblesville,
(Indiana) Christian Church, Rev.
Moore, pastor of the church delivered
an address on “Is the Ku Klux Klan a
Menace to America?” In the course
of his address Rev. Moore remarked:
“As I told a couple of the gentlemen
that called at my home the other day,
there are already too many organiza
tions. I will not deny there is help
and fellowship in all of them but
they are taking a large amount of
strength that should come to the
church which is the largest and most
powerful of them aH. Not until this
hour has there ever been to my knowl
edge a typical Protestant organiza
tion. There are colored organizations
to which no white man can be ad
mitted. There are Jewish and Catho
lic societies, which bar the Protestant.
But,” said Rev. Moore, “there may
come a time when the white robe of a
Klansmen will serve as a matter of
self-preservation. I would rather wear
a white sheet in the dark than to see
my country in the shroud. You Kl&s- '
men must stand in the defense of the
Protestant faith and the Protestant
ministers. God bless every Klansman,
but do not allow hatred to enter your
hearts. Let there be stars and stripes
in every home, and every hill a Bun
ker Hill. I invite you to become a
member of this church. There must
be something in your organization
which appeals to all men for I under
stand that Klansmen made a present,
of S2BO to the family of a young doc
tor who was buried at Sheridan recent
ly and $126 to the wife of a Nobles
ville man who is now very sick in a
local hospital.”—The Searchlight, Jan
uary 13, 1923.
A FAKE rr'WAS
Didn't that Liberty (Kam u ) v in
ping case peter out in a hui y ? G <■/-
ernor Allen sent a man out to ins
tigate—and the investigate rot.irntr
and had nothing to say. A he Incie
pendent, of SL Louis, Mo., uted, it
was a fake from the start, fo : f cal
and religious purposes, ai< i failed tc
connect. And all the Klsn oi.trag? -
turn out just that way—no ng ;o
them but seed sown by th- d..ii 0.l
his satelites.—Dawn.
KANSAS MEMBERSHIP PFLStfN fS
SII,OOO TO WESLEY
HOSPITAL
Three large truck loads of food,
clothing and toys were given to the
needy of Wichita by Wichita Chapter,
No. 6, of the Ku Klux Klan on Christ
mas Day. The supplies were turned
over to the Salvation Army and dis
tributed from the Army headquarters.
The Wichita Klan is said to number
approximately 6,000. The membership
brought the goods to the Klan head
quarters in bundles, and from there
it was loaded into trucks to be sent to
the Salvation Army. In connection
with the donations, the Klan held their
first Christmas ritual in the city.
A few weeks ago members of the
Ku Klux Klan in Kansas gave more
than SII,OOO in Wesley Hospital, a
Methodist institution in the city, which
has been deeply in debt.
To Junior Klansmen: Hearts, like
doors, will open with ease by very,
very little keys; and don’t forget that
two of these are “Thank you, sir,” and
“If you please.”