This paper is issssd by North BUr Kian No. X Kn%hts of the K a Da
Kiss, of Minneapolis, with tbs assistance of Klaus Nos. L S» 4, C, X 7, S,
• sad It of Minneapolis and the Suburban Klaus of HzeoUor, Hopkins,
Waysata, SC LoaJs Park and Robbinsdale.
KNIGHTS of the KU KLUX KLAN
Vol. 1 MINNEAPOLIS. MINN.. APRIL 10, 1923 No. 2
1 - - ' -
Plot of Rome to Grasp Control of U. S.
Bared in Expose of Amazing Documents
The following exposure of the dangerous activities in the United States of the foreign dictated political organ
ization known as the “Roman Catholic Hierarchy,” is reprinted from the Fellowship Forum, the great
publication of Washington, D. C. dated February 24, 1923.
CATHOLIC COUNCIL CREATES VAST
MILITARISTIC EFFICIENCY BUREAU
HERE TO OBEY ORDERS OF VATICAN
i
Boasts Forcing Papal Representation on
All National Organizations
in America
Insolent audacity in the conduct of its affairs with relation to a
the American government is contained in the three last annual
reports of the National Catholic Welfare Council, which have been
obtained with great difficulty by The Fellowship Forum.
The reports openly, brazenly and flagrantly flaunt in the faces
of Americans their control of the government and Congress, boast
ing that they have “brought about situations" that have blocked
patriotic moves not compatible with Catholic thought and inter
ests.
In a number of instances these reports acknowledge receipt
of orders direct from an Italian Pope at Rome, and in the next
phrase tell of having forced the American President to bow to the
imperious will of the church. It cites the intricate mechanism it
has built up, and declares defiantly that it is here to stay.
CONFIRMS FORUM’S CONTENTIONS
Hrags also are scattered through the documents, telling of
inveigling non-Catholics into their way of thinking, which is only
confirmation of contentions made by this newspaper from the time
of its birth to date that the Catholics work better through a non-
Catholic tool than through their own.
Plots to gain control of the proposed new Department of Edu
cation and Welfare, not through a secretary or by legislation, but
through flooding it with Catholic personnel, are vaunted in these
documents, which insult every man, woman and child in America
who bow to no allegiance to Rome.
The reports of the council for 11)20 aiid 1921 were fairly
accessible, having been circulated with more or less openness, but
the report for the 1922 session, which was taken into control by
the bishops here last September has been shrouded with a veil of
mystery that has required four months of painstaking and patient
endeavor on the part of The Fellowship Forum to procure.
REPORT KEPT RIGIDLY SECRET
It is confidently believed that the copy of this report possessed
by The Fellowship Forum is the only copy in hands of others than
the priests, bishops and archbishops and a few of the highest lay
officers of the council. Even the lay members who contribute
millions of dollars per year to the support of this vast political
octopus that is sapping the very life blood of patriotic American
ism have not received a copy.
In the following article no attempt is made at discoloration
of the reports, allowing the Catholics to tell their own perfidious
and outrageous intrigues in their own language and leaving the
reader to draw his own conclusions from the language quoted. For
that reason The Fellowship Forum reproduces verbatim the most
important passages from tnese amazing documents.
The Roman Catholic political party in America has arrived.
This political party, functioning under the title of the National
Catholic Welfare Council, in its pronouncements does not hesitate
to indicate that its organization is for the direct purpose of in
fluencing and controlling legislation and the political affairs of the
country. In three years of its existence, sanctioned and directed
by the hierarchy, the National Catholic Welfare Council has suc
ceeded in putting over a number of measures of which as a political
organization, it may well feel proud. Here are a few of the out
standing features which no doubt have received the hearty com
mendation of the head of the church, who now looks to America
for his greatest support and comfort:
A FEW OUTSTANDING FEATURES
“Co-ordinated and brought into action 9,714 Catholic
men’s societies and 4,959 Catholic women’s societies—a
total of 14,673 Catholic organizations—all under the di
rection and control of the National Catholic Welfare
Council, which in turn, is directed by the Pope.
“Established contact between the United States gov
ernment and 173 Catholic colleges of the country, aiding
in the organization therein of 45 student army training
camps.
“Secured Catholic representation on the general com
mittees which discussed and molded national welfare and
reconstruction policies.
“Obtained the practical recognition of the right of
U ' Catholic organizations to a voice in movements making
for the common welfare.
“The national government is considering a federal
department of national welfare. We must be ready with
Catholic men trained to serve in this important field if
Catholic ideals and Catholic influence are to be felt in our
national social life.
“Accomplished the defeat of the Smith-Towner bill
in Congress and now predicts that a legislative condition
has been brought about that will nullify the good points
of the Towner-SterUng bill, even though efforts to defeat
it altogether may not be successful.*’
RUN THROUGH ALL THREE REPORTS
The above accomplishments by the National Catholic Welfare
Council are pointed to with pride, and running through all of the
f annual reports of the organization for 1920, 1921 and 1922 the
necessity for political action is stressed at all times.
Although its presence as a political factor has at all times
been denied by high church officials, priests and laymen alike, who
THE MASTER MIND OF WIRE PULLERS
declare with much vehemence that the Catholic church “is not in
politics," the organization known.as the National Catholic Welfare
Council is not so modest. The reading of its reports for the past
three years indicate that it is not only up to its neck in politics at
the present time, but that it is in the game to stay. According to
the statements contained therein and which will be quoted in this
article for the purpose of revealing to the people of the country the
real attitude of the hierarchy, the Roman Catholic political party,
under the nom de plume of the National Catholic Welfare Council,
has embarked upon the sea of American politics with the full
fledged ambition and determination to capture every possible point
of political vantage which will redound to the interests of the
church, bishops, priests and laity. The claims and Die statements
put forth in these reports leave no room to doubt the desire and
intention of the hierarchy to inject Roman Catholic politics into
the affairs of the nation throughout the country.
Ever since the close of the war there have been many signs
significantly pointing to the program which the hierarchy now
officially proclaims, through the National Catholic Welfare Coun
cil, it has inaugurated.
VEHEMENT DENIALS PROVED
FALSE
Roman Catholic church officials
have been denying for so long a time
that “the Catholic church is not in
politics’* that the assertion has be
come s habit with than. The value
of this reiteration is demonstrated by
the fact that many good citizens in
the country, Catholics and Protastants
alike, have been taking the hierarchy
at its Word.
For be it known there are many
honest, well-meaning and intelligent
Roman Catholics who deplore the en-
Sr of their church into the political
sin of the United States. Reading
from the lessons of history, they see
nothing bat rain and disaster for their
VOICE
of the
church if the Roman Catholic church
enters the political arena hare as it
has in other countries.
But the good people have been
quietly sitting beck, resting easy In
the belief that the Roman Catholic
church in America is entirely different
from the Roman Catholic church in
all the other eoontriee. where the
political interfenmoesfthe Pope has
invariably raanltad in great trouble
and disaster.
The extracts in this article, taken
from reports ef the National Catholic
Welfare Council for the past three
years, will give considerable light os
the situation and Hie activities of the
Roman Catholic politicians in Wash
ington.
In presenting these excerpts it most
be borne in mind that the atstsmite
are made by members of the admin
istrative committee of the coonsU.
This committee Is the controlling body
of the whole Cethobc movement, ami,
coming from sach a highly ae'hori
tative Catholic source, the etatoamts
are worthy, certainly, of the ntmset
consideration by that gut body of
American citizens utterly opposed to
the ides of anything which appears
even like a union of ehoreh and state.
The National Catholic Welfare
Council in these reports leaves not the
shadow of a doubt but what the Rom
an Catholic church is a closely knit,
unified, co-ordinating organization,
and with the accomplishments which
it has been able to enforce already Hie
prospects for real action and results
are sufficiently encouraging to war
rant the expenditure of thousands of
dollars weekly in the upkeep of the
council’s palatial headquarters at 1822
Massachusetts avenue, Hds dty.
ORDERS GOTO
ALL OF AMERICA
From these headquarters orders are
issued to all parts of A marie a in car
rying out the plans to gain political
control for the hierarchy. The meant
election of A 1 Smith, Catholic, to the
governorship of New York has in
spired new vigor and accentuated the
activities of those who would sos the
United States ruled by Rome and who
regard his success last November as
the natural stepping-stone to the
White House.
*The universal rhmrch new
looks to America to be the lider
in all things Catholic. The hlor-
1,1 * 1 —apmemw
The KnKhm Elan is not a political organisation in any ssnsoof the ward.
The Elan does not and cannot endorse rsndidstes Bet regardless ef sav
man's creed er politics, if he is a candidate for political office, he will
have the condemnation eftheKlanifhetaaata trnteeHmeLa
archy has pointed out the way,
milHono are aaxious to stir. The
hour for action is at hand. *Taks
your place in the militant ranks
of a united CathoUe laity ." says
the National Catholic Welfare
CoundL
These were the thoughts which un
doubtedly resulted in the organisation
of 14,678 Catholic bodies unaer the di
rect leadership of the ooundL Lika
an octopus with its tentacles reach
ing out in every direction afld cover
ing all parts of the nation, even the
most unimaginative can read in this
unity, co-ordination and organization
the full purpose of the Roman Catho
lic politicians to control America.
The reports of Archbishop Edward
A. Hanna conclusively prove that
mere distance from Washington does
not retard in any way the activities
of the administrative head of the or
ganization in his endeavors to “make
America Catholic.’’ The power and
influence of this San Francisco arch
bishop already has left its indsUhls
impress on Washington and on ths
conduct of American affairs.
HEAD OF PARTY
IS FOREIGNER
In passing, it may be said that
Rome is no farther away from Wash
ington than is San Francisco, and ths
chart unerringly points to ths fact
that the actual head of this strong
octopus is in a foreign country and
that if ths aims and purposes of ths
National Catholic Welfare Council,
now so boldly proclaimed by that
body, succeed in any measure that
America will soon be under the dom
ination and control of the Vatican
through his political organization
known as the National Catholic Wel
fare Council.
United States citizens of the Pro
testant faith who have been prone to
look upon the efforts of Catholic poli
ticians more in the light of local af
fairs may readily understand from
this that the ramifications of the
organization extend to every part of
the country and that in the organiza
tion located in Washington stands the
instrument designed by the Pope to
forward his age-old policy of divide
and command.
Here in Washington, where the ef
fects of the workings of this well
organized political machine are seen
already and understood, the intentions
of the hierarchy to get into politics
and remain in politics is taken as an
understood certainty. The testimony
of the National Catholic Welfare
Council may be helpful to the met of
the country in the understanding of
just what is taking place in the na
tion’s capital.
CALLS ATTENTION
TO CONQUESTS
Utterly regardless of the protesta
tions of Monsignor Thomas, in charge
of the Washington diocese, and other
high dignitaries of the hierarchy that
the “church is not in politics." the
executive committee’s report of 1921,
made by Archbishop Hanna, boasting
ly calls attention to its political ad
ventures, asserts that its pronounce
ment on disarmament to the President
was “a most effective instrument" in
inducing the head of the United States
government to call a world conference
on the limitation of armaments, and
then, to illustrate its power with Con
gress, refers to the defeat of the
Smith-Towner bill and says, “nor will
any similar measures pass the pres
ent Congress."
The news to the country that the
political Importance of the National
Catholic Welfare Connell is so great
as to become a “most effective instru
ment" in the guidance of the Presi
dent's conduct and policies will doubt
less prove somewhat of a shock to
the Prdtestants of the country as well
as to ell other citizens opposed- to
anything which savors of a union be
tween church and state. Probably no
other organization or association, and
positively no other religious body,
would scarcely have Hie hardihood to
make such a bold-faced statement as
is contained in the utterances of Arch
bishop Hanna when he takes the cred
it for bringing about the meeting of
the world conference. The claim is in
line, of course, with the hierarchy's
practice of interfering in the politics
of all nations. But this is the nrst in
stance in this country where such in
terference has been boldly proclaimed
as an act of Roman Catholic diplom
acy.
COUNCIL PROSTITUTES MILLION
COLLECTED FOE WAR VETERAN
The National Catholic Welfare
Council is an organisation born of the
war. During the war period, through
the efforts of Joseph P. Tumulty, at
that time secretary to President Wil
son. with the help of the National
Catholic Welfare Council, tho Knights
of Columbus, a CathoUe organization,
was accorded all aorta of governmen-
tal recognition. Through this influ
ence the organisation was given as its
part of the 1100,000,000 War Chest
fund, collected from all the people of
the country regardless of polities or
religion, some $30,000,000. Incident
ally, some $7,000,000 of this money
was retained in the treasury of the
Knights of Columbus up to a short
time ago, when $1,000,000 of the
amount left over was given to the
Pope to spend in Rome. There still
remains in the Knights of Columbus
treasury some $6,000,000 of this War
Chest fund.
MASONS BARRED
FROM ARMY CAMPS
While these favors were being
showered upon the Roman Catholic
organization, the Masonic fraternity
was barred from extending its service
to the government as an organisation.
This, notwithstanding that the Ma
sonic fraternity embraced some 2,500,-
000 members, composed of the best
citizens of the country. Roman Cath
olic influence, however, with Tumulty
in the White House, succeeded in pre
venting the Masons from coming to
the aid of their country as Masons,
because the Roman Catholics were the
hereditary foes of Masonry. The suc
cess of the Knights of Columbus and
the National Catholic Welfare Coun
cil, in building up the interests of the
church, even through the ravages and
desolation of war. had much to do with
the resolve of the hierarchy to con
tinue the National Catholic Welfare
Couficil as a political-religious organi
zation. The first meeting after its
formation in 1919 was held in Wash
ington in September, 1920. Annual
meetings have since been held each
year. The roster of committees is as
follows:
ROSTER OF
COMMITTEES
Administrative committee, chair
man, Most Rev. Edward J. Hanna, D.
D., Archbishop, San Francisco.
Department on education, chairman,
Most Rev. Austin Dowling, D. D.,
Archbishop, St. Paul.
Deportment on laws and legisla
tion, chairman. Cardinal D. J. Daugh
erty, D. D., Archbishop of Philadel
phia.
Department on social action, chair
man, Rt. Rev. P. J. Muldoon, D. D.,
Bishop of Rockford.
Department of lav organisations,
chairman, Rt. Rev. Joseph Shrembs,
D. D., Bishop of Toledo.
Department of press and publicity,
chairman, Rt Rev. Willian T. Russell,
D. D., Bishop af Charleston; Rt Rev.
Edw. F. Gibbons, D. D., Bishop of Al
bany.
In its first report the National
Catholic Welfare Council announced
its intention to remain in the capital
of the nation as a permanent factor
in American politico.
COUNCIL IN POLITICS
PERMANENTLY
"We have directed the work
with a view to its permanency,”
the report ears. “It* develop
ment along the line of Catholic
work, its ability and its fitness to
voice Catholic claims, to defend
Catholic rights and to infuse, so
far as possible. Cstholic stand
ards and Cathooc principles into
ear national life,** will be prose
cuted with the utmost vigor, the
report indicated, and further
eays:
“To give them (Catholic organ
izations and societies) a *»ti**»i
background in their national unity
and to be able to call, in case of
necessity, upon all Cstholic
forces. .
“The executive department has
to treat directly with the United
States government and its num
erous departments on matters
that affect Catholic interests.
Our experience has taught us
that for the safeguarding of our
interests a body of trained work
ers must be at our service in the
National Capital It is there that
organizations of every kind first
begin their national activity. It
is for the executive department
to attend directly to matters of
general national import. Many
such do not pertain to any depart
ment—as, for example, general
questions of the State, Army,
Navy or Interior departments.
ORDERS FROM ROME
CARRIED OUT HERE
In accordance with instructions
from the hierarchy at a meeting held
in September, 1919, official sanction
'was given to the National Catholic
Welfare Council and its administra
tive committee ordered to proceed
with its further organization. In
1920 Archbishop Hanna, chairman of
this committee, referred to the orders
received in the following words:
“In order to eo-ordinste, as
ws wars directed (from Rome),