.A
THE CONFEDERATE.
DAILY EDITION, fore mosta....
m
V
r 1 3
TRI-VrSriiLV, for 6 months 10
" ; j 5
7J:nML i EDITION, for C months .. 5
No ? n;crittioB will 'be received on anj other
t'-rrii.-; tU As the afcve, or for s longer or thorter
Peri..d.
We coioc.jr.i to our rdrs the very a
i-n-I truthful urti fr-m tie Paycttcvihe
f.bsCiTtr, wliAi vo publish, at length,
on " T he Elect'on." It rur-.s the political career
.vl:!i a ek-ar "r.d fair precision, and avoiding
th ruh ar.d vu'..r ty)e which Mr. HoN
'en u i' j t-. it disc's this p-'litioiaa with the
ikill cf a perfect anatomist.
The abnsivo ytlide vkieh Mr. Holies pub
ILd of Mr. Ililf, or rather of both the Edi
tr, in his last she--, may ell justify us in
laying a p-r die! herwesn the elder Editor of
t'i Olterver arjd liis accuser. Mr. Holden
v.il r.ot.Uau at the picture, but .be well
nnlit. " Mi . Ilnle was a well known politi
cian of the .whi school of the whij school
of tro " strr.it.eat and .strictest sect." For all
his lif-i, h: associates in polities were such
as G,.7. ) idly, Gov. Jra Owen. Judge
Tuior, Jahi; I). Eccles, Mr. Cadger, Gov.
Ur.-tham, VI Imond DiWrry, Gov. forehead
r.u I all these were whijs of tha style and
character cf Henry Clay. We apprehend
that then has not ever bi-ni a d:vi:u-i of pr
ties, when Mr. !!.& a: 1 the jjeiUlemen whom
we hav tams-d, have ut aetcd together.
WLoh Mr. H olden denounces Sir. Halo as a
J:i'rvc!ive, h. driei thy dad the jrraf
t' ; i of North CV.ih;a and puts opprobrium
up', u their compter wh.J are living. Mr',
il 01 n I's twu;e g-t into the ram company.
O b'j'jre .t w&a ;av tfd with the IUl;h
Standard ; a r.d ;i-r.i:i ho was divested of
t ;u: j uLHv printing.
iit:-. Mr. II jlu'j-n w.ts Tolin" with Wm.
L. .;:.cey, TLv Hiss G!i:'Kiii and others ,
i r l.--;'.ur.;d':e -ft or he .lodaaed -Doii-i
brt'.ve-ii r.i'.).sus;' Mr. W:tn in asocta
il'U vith M,v?r. Rad-er, Uraham, Gil-
Hiid id! the wiii-s vi'tl j ,S.'at. were aMirg to
Mvr cu,:tr by ehvthi .John Bell.
V!;.!i .Mr. ihl.b-n deft ate"5, for public
ptit.trr, l.e s::.; ' w know ic wii! becharstd
i .
':.-. th:;- -' v hM hare pursued
o a:- i. -.1 v.
llCr
a
CUV
ted
rltittr ' yv-i irn:.Mediafely kn.ick-i.iii-ton
;nd w.ts I J. into the associa
tiva whera Mr. h
al'.v. vs
Af-.-rwar i
WmLti! :n onto
to tv uv-i-ii iif'
p:oc.
of
l.li.c.'i:: vhsu hvr.uo I'm? .ecessioa can- j
r i '." Co;.,-ai -m, wa? elected, id
v .! :h,; S -i. out ; m.ihir,- the memorable !
" .'? :rta: and t,e ia
til v.-, -j ;-ii::;,.-i,y he continsis to dis-
the ib'iz ttuv him t-j be
Mi .
. :.mr.
: hi,H-...v. ? il-? p. thc'iVt.-lata-uiora !
d il.- divba:; - lin was drawn. ,,e
oursuca ii.e i
...- .. : . . . , . ,i i
t .. o v.- . ..., o.v a man in toe wh.-de I
" ' I
.::.-..: rry, vi; -
lucu m-.:e ot tf eirr.cr i
t ...:.: ; Mr.II.de.. We :;pprf-!;v.id -that the
Id I'i-i had i. ' uovote-' :: re thorough ,
c-i:: :' f.;::;.;ul t! h. ; ar.d we can rei-diiv
.V..
- -1.
re ti.o ncces-
u ti e ci.ci.e wn-ca he
d.
1 .
t I I
rn: ti
i
'. I (ivrt-rnment, ?o rs
t ths same enduria:
paa Cf consutejit loyalty v a'd adh?re
to . a in tii? !r-iv ; .iroi by tUe same reastjn-i-:
va- v. tru;!if.,'.Sy ir.icrrcd, that the flip
,..: a it : ;m - dv a d el-ih t'jfort which
.Mr. H'-MrM ha i '-ir-n to
f
ormcr. wouai
:h i !tU ct.uectin with the latter.
. :.e -n;i::a,i .ti- hav bten reiilzei ; and
.'dr. ih;.j li 45 rcmairsvrt the constant advocate
t:w c ; reprssntiu; its interests wit a
-n : e p-.':i, cor.trtbu'.tn to its burdoits with
a:: u.o;nt.tti. u but liberal hand, and being
i-1: rce:.ted is: it l.tors anil perils by a son
-.. h ,.-:rs si. serf ie? by g'rod con J act and
ca :np! .ry d h ;r,;o of Jutr.
V:V v.i;l not e ntrant Mr. Holder, on this
pnrt tho i ue : aiitl v c mciud thr parallel
ry cro'.ini: ,,f Mr. lb .'Men, if it giTes him
no pair, no umo.;s'o.-s if it does not
I-.st twitch him n little if ?ome sack
idi.:i us t'axt it n:ar bo ridiculju, or mav
.-e:n to 1 o. that uz underspkes to r?ad Mr.
lb. : ut i f t'.e C.-n.-t-rvaif e party, and to fix
hiiu a dcra.: ve.
Wv c. :nr:.--d a.ain ti e article frem the
( ..- --.-. i" 'Si -5? !ta ;
rs of our ra;er ir.io !
VV.:r i'rver may not .all ; aud
..o v:l give it a wu:e uissvmica- i
.Jt trs peep'.e.
Ccniiiiutluiils of fcnscripts.
o' :?;e -canteen mcaiths .the rank ef
CM r.el was conferred upon our friend Maliett,
t-.in a n ;r. r ar d ccc:rradnt ef conscripts
in tl.is ; That he desrrved such pro-
; t
:., i- i cr.e who k; ows the important
.-0
:irw i render..! by Lim, &nd his zeal a ad
f di -iity s a pnhiic lilcer, will deny. But it
j-i:..s the then Secretary of War, M. Kan
cMj n. cvvrlcclcd ti e prfc.vi.ions of law.
rc-tiidrittg that the Li-ke.t grade of comman
dv..ts cf co:..cripts Mould le that of Major
v !y. The result was, that the Setate, at tha
h-st fessioD, when tctinj urcn the reiainaticu
f C i. JJ.il'ett and others fimilariy situated,
cvMu i.:t did rotccnSrm them.
V. v I . re that the law may be arxended,
and if f , CV. Mailetf prciaoticu vculd
tcl'ov. as a latter uf course.
'J. G. K., of Rc-raa county," is iafrrae
that we hav sot the copy cf the Obitaary No
ticf e, rvfers to. It a copy b sent us, e will
uii;ii
1H
VOL. 1.
Mftspliorical.
In fetching bout for a figure' vf speech
proper to be applied to Col. McRie," Mr.
Iloltien (5cds one jn the poultry yaid ; aud
accordingly, in his last :K:-.ubc speaks of us
as the " Vance game cock.'' Thoiigk rather
a foul s abriqut, and intended to be so, we
accept it. There are significant points for
adasiratioh abr:ut the game cock." It is a
bAUtiful, )Cro:o, gaHaat, unselfish, chivalrous
bird ; atd Mr. Hoklcn shows but slight ac
quaiatar.ca v.ith cocks of the gams species ;
for they never" drop their feathers."
A iiiarkffd characteristic of the " game
cock " is, that he will fi-M lo the death in
di fence of his walk. Bat all cocks are r.t
(ime, at.d there are . twoe that dcrow- most
luotiiy, aud t'uf-n very svddtnhj " drop their
f4rthers.', Got. Vance occe had a cock of
this latter description the louiest crwsr ia
the brn yard. But all uf a sudden, ono
L-iga;, it dropped its feather ' and flew out
of its own coop, aai over the .fence, and info
she Governor's coop by the " Fowth front,"
(called by commoi roosters the back doer.)
After this the Governor would own this fowl
no longer ; aud siuce then it never was, and
never will be cockef any ica-L ia North Car
olina. The fowl which we have described, is
a. speckle, with a top knot, and may be des
ignated as a political domiica.
The Next Legislature.
The vcfers cf North Carolina cannot fee
too highly impressed with the great impor
tance. of scicciinjj the right tneu to represent
thi-ni in the next Legislature. Remember,
that" they w:.Jl have to srve two years,
ar.dduipg that time niauy questions of vital
ni-agnitnds and impor faces will aris, which
will require the largest amount of talent, ex
perience and firty.nes, to adjust judiciously
and ti the best advatuae. fnr the interest of
tfea people and tl-.e welfare o"f the nation.
V iih these prominent nd ali-importaTit
considerations betor.1 tUe prop'e, tli5y cannot
fail to sec tht it h the purt f wisdom ?nd
-afty, that they rota for no men to represent
thrn iri the Legislature, except th'se of tried
and ut.niuc'.in character and unsp .ttcd -triotUm
that their present professimvi, now
that they are soliciting tho suffrages of the
Vf'nV '.uld be cle'y compared with their
ClKr'- of action and Priv:Ue seutiments befcre
1 thev became can iidates
A nv-io to represent the people of North
Cardina in the Legislature at this jhnciure,
should r.oti. rjly be pr.frssedly rijiht row, but
! h's a;:ieu-is-i'''s and Ids vli.:!o course of co-i-
at shire tirocomr.fencemjnt ofthc war'thuuld
'-y iaiy hin. with the' Soxith
l -.I.T" ." . I -I
ana wi'u itu success oi tna causa. io man
.
- '
c-rtiinor.t, o.-nouncea ana vi-inevi our icaors,
civil vt military, a:d by Ids course spread dis
trust af.d dissatisfaclioa atr.on tb.e people.
rh?rc are src!i cow befrrs the people, who,
claiming to he sonrd ou the mr.in question af-
h etini; our State c-.-.r.'a-s, are known or ss- i
pected to be der id of that sympatliy and
devovioa to the caus ihat every true man
and ejeeially every leg: slater should possess
Let every refer carrowly and jea,o?is;y sciin
the claims uf their ieislativo candidates, and
rote against every one U whose skirts there
-.lis trie Ion! stain of distrust, or weil
founded uspicin or doubt. Vote for men of
known, aro.veJ, out-spoken tru ;i d loyal
ie!:tinif nts, ami you will not have cause to
reproach y out self with having voted for a
man who t as betrayed you and your country's
best interest.
Kindred Results.
A citizen of this county was in Petersburg
a fjw days since, and w;;s presrnt when a
batch of yackec prisoners was brought in,
and heard nvuch of their conversation. Anions
other thirds they sid "If Petersburg or
Kichmcsd be taken, cr Ilodcn is elected
Gofernor of North Carolina, the Southern
Confederacy will e;o up the spout'
And we snppje thy would rejoics as
n.uch, or nti.rc, at the latter event, as in the
accomplishment of f ithcr of the former. But
as neither alternative is at all likely to happen,
ti.e Southern Confederacy ray be considered
sa'fe : though thev are aot wide of the mark
!a tha 0pidoa, that Hold's eltciion would
, .
be a-damaging blow to our cause.
2dr. J. F. llurrill of Oculow county, au
thorizes us to say that the statement in. the
Progress i antrue, that ne, ao-.cg others
' denounced Gov. Vance two years ago."
Mr. Murri-l ays he voted for Gov. Vance two
Vtara ao, and that Le will not desert im
now, as the Progress and il!den have done.
Mr. Mitrriti need give himself no uneasiness
at the aiisrepre mentation of the Progress. It
has attempted to put in a false light every
uaau of prominence in the State, until, fortun
ately, no one puts any confidence in anytaing
it says about such matters.
A Costisast. When Gen. Bragg fell back
with the army of Tennessee to Dal ton, he -was
bitterly curs-ed bv the enemies of the admin
istration, for his retrograde movement, and
his removal was insisted on. Johnson has
fallen back to Atlanta, and is pronounced by
this sanse factiom as the mot skillful General
of tbs Confederacy. We suppose, tays the
Lynchburg Republican, if he were to fall
bak to Savannah, ke would be the greatest
tactician in the world.
RALEIGH; WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 3, 1801,
t . -
Fram Geueral Early's Army.
Hoke's Brigaxs, in Camp
Lreburg, Va. J
Editors Confederate;--! wrste you last frota
Stauatsn. Since we left that pit, our marches
have aeea rapid, eur sutferiogs frara the ia
tcase fceat ani dust have been truly great, aad
I think I will be parda&ed for adding, ur ser
vices to aur country have bK?n emiGeatiy
valuable; for all things .ccoaidetei,' I think
they have bsen entirely succesHl. . "
fJa Suaday, July the 3rd, this army passed
thrangh Winchester early in tke Dioniisst, and
five milas north of the town Major fJenendC!&r
don's division an 4 a lare part of tho cavalry
tsk the left fer Mirtiiisburg ; and the in at h' ar
ray under Lieutsnact General Early raaved-ui-rectly
for Harper'a Ferr By 10 o'clock the
kfravy boaoiin cf artillery in our front hospoke
the preseace of the foe. Our cavalry bad cotae
upon a carap of infantry auii cavaJry Jtetwfcen
Smiihaeld and Leetown, aad although the ene-'
ray were in sfrong force, yet they felfhack after
fstlinj t&e steel of ur advaseo. . Oar cavalry
lost ssisae 8 cr 10 ia killed, and perhaps 30 i
waunded. Martiasburg, en that evening, fell
into the haa-a of General Gordon, with a krg;e
r.mnat of military stores tni about' 200 pri-spers.-
On ?.roaday, July the 4th, Getstr&l Early ap
proachoJ Harper's Ferry about 9 o'clock, a. in.,
r.-id advanced his Rhrp?hoater6 upon the place.
Oa the high mountain on the northern bank
of the river, cilled the Maryland Heights, tho
enemy had erected four straag fortifications,
from rhich their artillery could annoy us in cur
approaches from this side. Oa Tussday, the
5th, our sharpshooters were at work early, aad
by U 'clock took possession of the upper part
of the towu, the eeiay having left tba southern
bank of the river on which tha town stands.
We took a large amount of military strcs
at this place, but for want of transportation
were compelled to burn them. In the after
noon General Breckinridge's division' marched
for Shcpherdstown, tea miles, and v;.is followed
early next Kicrning hy tte ether troaps ab'ive,
to cross intt M.ryl.id, with the ezceptioa of
TToke's brigade, which was' left behind as a
check, perhaps, ajainet the strong Yankee gar
rison -Khieh had concentrated upon the Mary
land heights, aad whoe fire of artillery was
row director! u&on the town as held hy cur men,
whilst a warfare of sharpshooters was kept up
frM bth sid? of the river. An assault' hav
ing for its e'-ject the capture of the Mar.ykd
heights would have cost us a gfenf snerifice of
bfe; hdiJ it was cfrtuinly wii-:dota to oer thief
td pass' ee ieto Maryland, leaving this vwiUik)
in its ioHied position.
After dark on Thursday evsr-ing, ihn 7th,
cur brigade, ur.de:- Gereral Levis, -silently
mured off from Harper's Ferry, and Ht A&y
bght crossed the Pooasac nr Shepherdstswn
ito 2Iurylanu, at a frd abHt three miles
frcia the noted village cf Sharjishrg. In pas
sing through this village, -every thi ng that b-a-snake
yankeeisin appeared i"5h!e. Every
Limo-doflr was shut, ar.i t alwc-st overy ques
tion asked of the iuhabitants, hm evasive r.n
swer was given. Our brigade joiaed the main
Sirroy on t.ids dny's raaj-ch near Boorsbrough,
wUicb tawn thawed all the featurss'ef Sharps
burg itself. Oar roilitnry authorities vrcrc ac
tirely eng-agsd ia coHeetiiRg horss for the use
of tha anur, an citrcnla set- us bv tho ankrs
themseWt-i-r ; but oh, wonderful ta te'i- thi
was a h-.m-'ble rule of warf.ve, when they caaie
to feel it applied fco themselves ia its stsru rc-.
aiitic-s.- .'
Ia ike afternoon we salved, thraugh rho pass
cf Sauth uioufttiiia, a-iffl Foa went throvgb
M'.ddIc-tov7u We found only a sin all degree of
iuti.crn feeung in this psace.
i H3i estSEi nre-
T
steiS. . ive presss-l on ar.a bivouac aced mthin
5,
ut ap.ue cf j-rtKiei-icsc itv. This ufteruoos
ia adTancc had Jriv-u' ia the ene-.'
ups .'i tht t vTii, and -it itras kio-ya
trjj's pick
that Le ffsa occttrvia? the town it: itrcur: ftrce.
Saturday, July Olh. At 9 a'clcck,. m., oar
whle cvniv roarc"-cd
through tLft cily.' Bat
wkst a chiage I B-Jth dc?r3 tmd hunrt? steed j
vt;c? Oten nci.
re 19 a tovn co;tama;
about 3,000 iahabit&atc' vrLTiiy behaved to
varus v.s like people da South -f the Fctoraae.'
Their dr-ors teod viie open. The .ladira ap
peared everywhere waving their handkerchiefs,
t h? men werehuy in bringing to tbe idc-w?dks
ba' kts of e?M water to refresh tho weary sol
dier, the hungry were invitrd iuto the ri.os f
private fasailies, te partake of a mondly break
fast, and your humble corr spendeat was among
the sr oit foot ed enea. General E nly placed
tho 27th N. C. T. in tnwu as a guard, aud its
excellent Culor.el, A. II. Godwin, becasae Pro
vsst Marshal. According to the usages ef
warfare, a levy of 200,000 was made upo
the city authorities, and paid in the afternoon
Tbe enemy hsd abntsdonrd the city during
the previous night, takieg the main read to
wa&ds Baltimore. Oar army, upen reachicg
the centre cf the place, filed to the right, ta
king the turnpike leading directly to Washing
ton City. Abaut three railes scuth of tbo town
we approached a small river called the Maao
cacyr at a place crossed by the Baltimore -and
Ohio Railroad. Here it was discovered that
' the enemy wereia ferce an the heights beyond
the river, prepared to givo us battle. About
2 o'clock, p. m., tha werk hagac. Gordoa'a
diTivion, under its gallant leader, moved uawu
the stream from our right, ros.?ed over and
came up, attacking the eoewy's iaft, while other
portions cf the army operated directly upoa
his front. The fire of artillery was terrible
ea both sides.Gordon'sJdivision falling ap-n the
enemy's left, aade quick work of it. The Yan
kees, although a portion of theaj (one division)
were fresh from the army of Grant arouad Pe
tersburg, bei g thus attacked in front aad flank,
fed into confusion, atd retreated ia disorder
from tha field. Fiv handred aad forty prison
ers fell iato aur hands, besides all his waunded.
His loss in killed and wounded can hardly fall
chart of cae thsusacd, aad his aggregate less
may he set down at fifteen hundred. But as
usual we are o&liad to raoura the loss af same
gallant spirits. Brigadier Geeeral ETans, of
Georgia, was severely, though sat dangerously
wounded. Colonel Laaiar, aad Lteutenait Col
onel Van Vaulkeabarg, both of Gist Georgia,
were killed. Our loss in killed may amount to
sixty or sexeaty, while the aggregate ia killed
and wounded may sum up three huadred and
fiftv.
Sunday, July 10A. Our march began early
and our faces were set for Vashington City ;
the distance to the city from our camp being
about thirty miles. This was 'a day of gret
heat, and tho most dusty march I have ever
made, (no rain having fallen here for six
weeks,) et in all my life I never felt more
like holding out, and holding on, through all
diScuhies, because we seamed to be moving
naon the great American Babylon, where all
that ib hateful to us in politic, reigns and
rules. We continued our marm until mid-
night ; numbers of our poor soldiers had broken
down through the great, heat and failed to
come into camp, but rejoined 'us next nizht.
Our march this day waa principally thrcah
Montgomery county, which is strongly south
ern in freiiug, aad in this part of the State is
called little South Carolina. I have no doubt
of this fact from the amount of man it has
furnished our army.
ZioiKiny, July 1 HA. -The : army moved at
daybreak. At 7 o'clock we passed through
Rccfcville, truly a sasthorn town, in feelin-'
in his capital within a few short hours. - Truly
it was to be a bold stroke. Tho sanguine
thought the task was one of easy and certain
success. Others thought the great Tycoon
'would run bafrs a run would be 2red.r We
approached the city upon a road that threw
our infantry a little west of the Washington
and " Baltimore Railroad, which fi?.d been cut
and torn up during the preceding ni ht by our
cwalry under Col. Brolly T. Johnson. Xbout
10 o'clock a. in sr portion of our cavalry,
being in the advance, attacked and drove the
enemy's sharpshooters cut of t.eir first or
outer lino -of riflo pits." By 4 o'clock p. m.
the main body of our army wa drawn up in
line of battle about five -and one half miles
from the capitol. Hoke's brigade occupied
the yard and lawn of h P. Blair, of political
notoriety 'in the days of other years, and
father of the Postmaster General of tho Uaited
States, who iaassid.to occupy with his family,
this charming residence belonging to his
father. The family had fled. Our boys
walked in without invitation. In small matters
some helped themselves. Especially was this
douo in the articles of brandy and wines, of
which Mr. Blair hud a largo "family stock''
on hand. I a fact eome of th t-boys'' say that
one of tha doctors, after trying . tbe proof of
th? brandy, brandy p.Mche5, &c, was nt
visible ia th cruwd Uirtil next day. But 1
"rHt not tell tales cut ef school." Lieut.
Geu. Kuly very scon placed a guard around
this house for its probjc'on, which was not
withdrawn uctil we Jell back.
Tuesday, July W.ih. Skirmishing contin
ued all day. between the sharpshooters on both
sides, with firing of th i T.em y's artillery from
hia fiormidablo works ia c-ur front, which
could ouly V carried wish givat loss of life on
our pri. The ticfeno's of -Washington ars
certainly for.i-.idable. It r.as the opio'oa of
prisoners captured by a elrurgs of our sharp
shooters last evening, that o would ceitainiy
ake the ciiy if we shculd make th- assa-ult, aa
the means uf ds fence were waak for want of
men: The ciiizens had been ca'.kid out,
rrned and' put iu:o the tienches to oght. Te.n
prisoners captured in v the riJie pits, shewed
cisrht soldiers and two citizens. But to-day
things tn-.ve changed. The cue my arc evi
dently receiving large re!tfofocnv?-pts. Points,
which on yestffrday were -not Btrongly manned,
aie now being bii-etg-h-med hy masses c-f
troops comirw in T:e. ? r.j h no dciubt jortiTr.s
of tho army ot Gn: (Jruut tVo;n rvir.d Pe
rersburtj, as v.c '-.ok several hntidfcti prlsouers
os Satuivhty at It-Hocj.cy which had been
pert around by Cir-tnt. At dark tho army
lgau tofariback,"r;d tntre'e at u yiowpaco all
right, the - cavai.-y cvverin our rear. The
principal troof-s oaud befora Washington
consisted of lio l-'s d:v:.--ioii, and tho loss on
our ?ide srn.d'.
iVcdn.'sd'iy, July 10. Tk march was
continued until v-o through Rckviile
aed Diriiico n. when w.-. 'lilted 'ui.til sucsci,
and ' thsD ref'iiiiied oui meTetjsent for this
place. AUi':t r.oan r-c h-ivled tKe beautiful
Potonaic, and .t:-ti uck our camp Hre.s on the
love ly kills Hi'etind l;fre. To-day we are rt
irg frr-m ih Aug;;ing march of y.?terday.
No enemy i;etr u?, so far 1 run able to ies.r:;,
to disturb this so macb. doVu ed rrst. Alt bough
we failed to take Washington, yet every body
is pleased with the sacca achieved.
oi our left, our troops penetrated into
Pennsylvania, and spread -consternation and
dismay in ha. direction. Kagerstown was
also captured, and required to pay aa assess
ment of $20;00GrV Baltimore was excited to
tho highest pitch, beiieviag we would pitch
into her streets ar.d'maks'an assossmeat. New
York aad T'iiiladlphia were no doubt qua
king and tremS5ng in tho kn.. As to the
feeling in Washir.rtors, when our strange
araay began to rfraw near, no doubt it was
great,,jf not alarmingly so. The report in our
army has it that Ijir.coln took to a steamer at
11 oiclock on Siitcay, aad turned bis back
upan histcanital,
A part vf tho fruits of this campaign may
l&e summed up thus : Brought out of Mary
land nine hb.-idred priiooers, with imiaeRse
drives of beeves and horses. Killed and
wounded 1,500 yar.kees. DeKtrojed of the
enemy's stores immense amounts at several
poiais. The Baltimore and Ohio Kafin.ad
torti up and rnuiy bridges burned tnd de
stroyed from above Martiasbur, Va., to Fred
erick city, JUl. 'J his was surely a bold and
successful stroke against the enemy. And
now, as soon as we are refreshed and rested
from eur toils, we will pitch i:: again where
we can do our country and cause tho most
jood. Yours as ever, SIGilA.
For the Confederate
Dcbsok, N. C. July. 1SC4. -Mr.
Geo. V. Stokg, Confederate States At
. iornty.
Dear Sir : We notice in your certificate,
that you state that Mr. Everett has aot com
mitted the overt act cf treason.
Will you therefore, as a public cfiicer, in
form an anxious community, vkat the hydra
headed monster is, and how far ae, Hol
deu and all such secret oath bound trai
tors, caa proceed in their efforts to 'over
throw tke Cunffderate Government, and
sell us all into the hands of our enemies, and
yet not commit treason ? You Uli u what is
not treasen. How for the sake of our bleed
ing cauntry, will yon please inform us what
is treasen? ENQUIRER.
Tbe London Star, speaking of tha debate
onathe Ministry, sas: "The country may
prepare for speedy dissolution of Parliament.
Whatever the fate of the . impending vate. of
censure, we believe we may announce that as
soon as the necessary business can be got
through the present Parliament will be dissolved."
which is ouly tvfslv miles from the yankee
capital. WbTst. excitement prevaiipcll Spec
ulation van high. We were to attack Lincoln
CSS
D
NO. 27.
From tbe FayetteviUe Oaserver." 4
ThcElcctija..
On Thursday next, the 23 th itst., the aoldi-r
ia tho army, whether within cr without ft?
State, will bo entitled to vote far Govertor
and for Members' of . tho Legislature and
Sheriffs of their respective coantics, proved
they would be qualified to vote to those ccaa
ties if at home as citizen?. Oa Thursday
week, the 4th cf August, ths election will
be coacluded by the votiag of the reopMc
the State, -
WTe have mo shadow of denht ahot'th.'
result of the electoa. Is would b-s rieerdy
humiliating if wo were obliged to entertain a,
supposition that'the people of North Carolina
would discard a patriot and statesman -lik J
t'r. Vaace. aud substitute a political trick- .
ster luce W. t. iiiden. Cornpftra the men:
Gov. r'anco has ever b?ea a true man, con
sistent in his political principles, always a
Whig until the war obliterat 1 old bird's
and then a Cjfedt-rste only, showing his faith
by his works, uutaringthe army at ouce as i
private and remaining ia it in the positions!
to which he was nsvrncted, tili the people
called him to. the .Executive chair. Holden I
kvgao lifi ia 1840 as a logolio Whiy, wak- I
itig speech?!? for UarriscKi and writing eulogies !
ot CLsy. Tiot "getimg on" at this, he aban
doned tha Whig party, and, as "oua reoe;ule
i worse than ten Turks,' he became, as tho
org?in of tho Democratic party, the most bit
ter re viler of Clay and all the ablest and most
virtuous of his former friends. Frat bpit
praised by him as a demi-ged, Clay, wa de
nounced by him as a gambler, and" murderer,
and sisch like. When Mr. Clay died bio'dfru
praised him again, recently heJhftBucVusUQgly
admitted that his abuse of mo of thse dis
tinguished Whigs iiov. Graham) was merfrly
"for party purposes." So it wis doubtless in
ragard to them all. Who can rely "upon a
mm who thus in effect admits that he did not
believe what hi said i his own paper,, but.
that ho Ofcly said it for -party pvirpc;"": ?--
Pursuing ths view of his course, we liu'd !
H?ldea a candidate for the oftiiw of GTravi' ;
before a Cenvention of. the l)itacv.itic party !
at Chariotte in ISOS. F.ilh.g t) -Gr. th- !
nomination, and then fii.ing ia IPf.'O to be
elected State Printer, he i tinted up 3 his
DsnverAtic ftieuds wiih a a a'ign'ny even
greater than that which h.td laarked bio ccn
'r! net to his old Whig fiiuls. The approkch
v culniiniHiua of his !o;': JaKj'.j .to briog
about, secession showed him that the people
wore opposed . to so oe.iou His recession
''principles" at once gave way nnd he becm
an ai.ti-secesionist, even (let vin;-' at onetime,
that ho ever hod been a secessionist, lie ran
as the candidate of the. anti-sncessionists iu
Wake. Whu Lincoln's Proclamation am
niunt d rs all to wv.r, he b?cp.ne a war man,
was agin a candidate-, wa elected to the
Convcnii n, Voted in that body, for fcao-ssion,
voted us into the wr and into tho Southern
C o::federacy, ami p!e l;?d "t'? last-dollar and
the last man", to maintain Ih.sse id.; votes.
He remained a war mi.'i fb about two ye air-, j
CuCu .'Mgia (hy words, not by deeds ; I'jt he
never catered th.e 'aroiy us V;'.!J"J did) 'the
government, tbe soldiers and the pnp!e iu its
prtf;'.-;'uiion by appeals, j;pprtiit!y patrieli'?,
to fight the war fill we triumphed and eacurr.-d
our irKlependenee, urgitii that we could nut
vi! h honor or tafrtv coase to .light or make
overtures for peace so long as the fo t ot an
invader was up-jn our soil. At thee.rd ef two j
year:, ho chartgvd ugaiu. Ho Wcai!:e aware j
that fvervh' ti do.red -eac", ..d
mereupci:
eet uj) to be the leader of a fco v party a
peace py.cty h .piog th it at 'ast liio great
object of his iijordir.ate ambiiiori rr.itht he j
attained that .is every body was for peace,
. every body vould v.-t to mskn rho man Gev-
error who pretnrh.d tht he euntd co mora I
thari any o ic o.-e to c:.ta;n !t. tit koo
thrt he. has ao puvv-r baiove a rlr.jjer towaids
peace ; that it he ere a d '.en UcVerr.-.-f s no
peace could be made, or even negotiations for
pe-;co comxenced, till Lincoln's Cuns?at is
obtained. A':d he knov.-s that Lipcoln, in
stead of iaeUning to peace, would be enccur
aqed, if he were elected, to prosecute t!;e wi.r.
But' he thinks that there arc thou. aU, less
ser.sib!o than himself, who may be gulled by
their own derircs for peace and his professions
of ability to obtain it. And so he next sets in
to ridiculing and reviling "the last dollar and
the last man" men that is. himself. lie
eats all his own words about the die'uouor.of
CnVring to negotiate while Ihn toot of an in
vader is on our soil, lis encourages the yuu
kess ar discourages the Confederates. Jlis
Editorials are printed in the yankee papers
and in Extras and scattered by the miiou
over the yankee Statc3, to encourage the yan
kee men to volunteer, tho yankee soldiers to
fight, the yankee capitalists to lend their
money, on mo soppr :-iiitB mat -.utiu riii
na was about to go back into the vi'o yankee
Union, jnd the conclusion was a raost
natural one. The Standard was fiilcd with
the writings ct flo'dsn and his fiiends in bit
ter ucuunciation of the Confederate adnainia
tratioa, in discouraging views i the hcple-sK-liess
of ;nr cause, aEd in opcu declarations cf
a desire for the "coustituti -n as it is and tha
Union as it was." While these contents cf
the Standard are thus circulated by the rail
lion at the North, no paper copies them at tha
8uth. -While they encourage tho North,
they ;fre only calculated to discourage the
R.ith.
spoken, the first of th war, Holden fastened
himself on to a new party, the "Gjnrervative
party," cctixyosed mainly of o'e wings, by
whom hi abuse of his old Democratic friends
was highly relished. Tha telGsh purpet-e cf
this change was tot fo apparent at first.
The public only raw that he vilified Bngg,
and Iieid, aud Eliis, aLd Person, and ethers,
his old Dsasocratic cronies, and praised Gra
ham and Vance and such life-long whigs.
He used Gov. Vanca's immense personal pop
ularity until he supposed that he had trans
ferred it to bioiseifand then cbaDge once
more Le became his bitter reviler, as we be
lieve b.s bad long been hhrbhter eaemy. From
the day that Cob Vance wrote his letter of
acceptance ef the public der.ad that' he
should be a candidate for Governor, on the
15th of June 1S62, aud addre.-eed that letter
to the Editors of tha Observer, we think that
Holden has beea. tho enemy of Gov. Vaace.
He pretended friendship just &o long as wai
E2 J
THE CONFEDERATE.
ADVERTISING-.
X D T UT1SEM BX 7S will t looerted at tiri
. 3llais per saareaf ta Hues (ar 1m) far each
iaiertiaa. MarriafeaaUcea and aVitsrics will bo
. caarjtcdai adrarUseafents.
JOB WORK.
J0M WORC of rerr dccriptioa will bt .-x
. ecatf1 at thin Offica with diptrb. tnJ as aetlr
a can ba doaa aaywaera in tba Sootaera Cou
eilvraoT.
ecessary ta perfect hU own amhiti'ue
scherr.ts. Thin fcjpria ha ejapoae l h's liints
hdcaaae. liis vanity prcade'd bim that his
arnngements were reded ta supplant Gav.
Viiac. that the perple a;d thotdiers Wyuid
devrt tba Govr:jtr acd vote for hinseif
How little foundation there is fur thi- ?np
pJcition may h- inferred from the faet tkat
iu every instance in wrhieh he vt his. other
rjn has raned a presiieoat getiileknan m
his supporter, that gentle a has dcaied th
soft itnpeachiient aa(i dee'sred for Varce
As with lhe?o leadiar e otleniea, wk,re o
ieuueatial as to be specially oaJ, o it will
be founvl as to tke great ma cf th-s people.
The intelliscaoe of the.S.ata u for Vance
aJ against Holden Jot the wha hat
confe$adly mada the bi Governor in the
Confederacy, h5- clothed cur soldiers an i
iYl their .'ua mad'o .tuillioe fi.r ths
State treaidry by si, agsciis b.'orkaift oj?
rxtions. w'a;. h .. .i.;eM ths Laws of bis
Stale and of ti. 1 CcfVieraey, who has fought
for our ir.depeu lanes, spok?:i for it and writ.
fn for it, and u ready to die for it; aad
;ursi the man whu never did aayth:- f.r
he caus? except to 2'ive it irjrds, t.-erJt,
-oords, and who aluudane 1 the caue as 03u
; i it S5nied to look gleaaiy tha very tn.t-
lent that a brave, true. Hearted naah ould
'i:; to brace bineslf up 'vjaia?t tUipeadncy
nd dfLertio:). The tieies' require a true
ian, a cousistsr.t man, bravo ana; oat ane
h j is afraid to fa;e th p;a!a of any part
the Suit-; not cae wo, whe i . eUner is
-.r off, cut eut, "Lt thw coma an ! I ani
ady for the nl" aid when they do eome,
vts out af his own heck door, arid tut the
tckdoorof a pla?a cf stiSty, ieavi jj oi.i
i roujrty aad his family at the mercy of a
k'j'i. Thki tiuiei, we say, require a ma of
diiTorsai .statu i from alijUt" .-adi a jnao as
'O.v. Vanes La-H proven hitnse'f to ue. en-h
. man as 7. W. Iklae'i ha- praven hitnt'if
o be. -
Th! I'Biwrity.
a: grati5e.t barn that the exercir-'
tV!fc if'c'iuble itu'iMitie,;-, hsvr oper-ed f.r
"1 present s,ea:.oaas favorably a? ould rei
jahly h ive hsr. snticipated. It i a trying
; ir.- d. hawaver, 'ith that at with all ue'a
,-.stilu:;oa. S--ai h:kvj succuiabed t. tha
faculties ef th.etiB?; ot'iers uuic'.ain a
ng-'rhif ei:tenc. Y7e hop, for tha lasting
'".israiid idv an?ao;fl ojr S.ata. that n-ifai
ire wiil be permiutd e"ra Tha Fucalty
ibuuld be supported and kpt together, n.t
xh-it when we ars ia',a l,!esei with pice
they may be rc-atiy to receive the tlrong of
y'tang ran who will rvwrt tk re for knowl
edge. Thtir salaries thoald be raise J to ana
hls thew t i live de;ently. S:h ha been tha
liberal course of cpbyers of all kiorfi, fr'arn
the day labarer lath otii.-ers af those saul
loc's rorjorAiior,s, the Backs. Wajei aud
salaries have beea raised from 10!) to 500 per
cent. rbwis it with the genllemes cf ike
University aistitguihad 5 jj-ntlerwea aui
for iui.alljrt ? Ws do not know eertai.-.iy, btt
fear, fr v.ds.H'; we nave hord of'pr:va?n 'ar
rftilCJeme..,', that sooas of thcia have bsei diiv
a to, that tr.ey 'havr.:t beei treated wiih ,
tfjaal liberality. Perhaps U may o&ly he ce
tAT? to remind the Board of Trutees tha;
even the Bank's have doubled, and -nouietiai
jft're this dauh'ed, tbe salaries ttf tbeir o7i
cer.s. Tr.tv have treehed upon their rra-rl
fu:td$ tu d' this. Why F'..vdd not to- l:d
versity h equally libera! nay e'j;iv jat ?
V"? !kte!y hu3 jreat pieavnre in !m u tbil
wii kin th.f past quarter of a cea'.ury, vn: e
1837, thro navr neea a Hen! te tUe invtituiioa
buiiuiox5'. apparaim, iibrtry, a-irf ofser thins
cf per ai ne.ii t vabte,. cpffiiu wore then $7.,
00'), withrut -nv diminution cf capifal, or
ruoneye'fft. eataetit. In othr words. th- nt
9m7ci 51 l;a?e exceeeNi 3000 a Jar, at tke
nmetiese thst 8 to 10 heaeS:aris lure beun
cd:;i'.ed eaeli year, without ce irje for taitien
or rojiU- rent. Bsiides which th .eatire ether
expi!?es e.f ; ltrj: prepwtit.ri nf th.e3 bereS
ciai'ies kiTe lten defrayed by the two Literary
Sxietie.
Thee are pleasant re?ults for coatempli
tioa. The blet.ings of many a yaurj; man,
who mijht otherwise hav remained in ijro
raoee, rftt upoa the Iustitttiha xnd th. So
cieii'S which hav. thus jivao him the
me-'js "to climb the steep where Fame's
preud timp'e shines afar." Bat whilst thus
libaral to the youths, h n t the renrable
faculty waot for the support ta whjch their
labors, their acq&ireUiantA, end their char
acters, entitle them. Pay. Obs.
Frem the Xew York New.
Over Two an'l A Half Millioti of Mra, nnd
Mill Wan; More.
The follawin; fitare, ea far as taey ge, are
suppot6d to be reliable: Raited iw 18C1, a
per reart of Sc:eury Csrca. for three
months, 77 875 ; raised in tie urm year, a
par sasae rep.vt. for t'er- yeere, Gt?),371;
call of July .1st. 18.02, (thiee yvara raea,)
500,000; rtll ef aaot I. lEC'i. Ue ini!ii;a,
(nine -laoeths mea.) 200,000; cadi ftr udlitia
t certain States, Jaaa 1C. 18CC, ta rapel
iavaders of Peciylvania, 121,009; a'raft of
Jnly, leC3, three yeara u:x, 300,000; u:n
berrii'ei decs October 17, per statement
cf .Setator Wilson, 70O.GQ0; tatal, 2,468,84C.
Id tba reeeat battles ea the way to R'chmood,
at J ia Shermao'a raid in Georgia, the lotees
by ballets and discaea are ae great that coa
scriptiom will follow conscription, in order fo
procure new victims to all the ranks that
havoc has eothinaed.
Tbe fctaterreat above does not embrace the
nsilitia calls-ei out in tbe Western States, and
harried forward to the Army of tke Potoeito,
nor tba call fr the militia of New York,
Pennsylvania, aud other Stat., now beieg
kiled, nor dcea it eahrace the lawt conscrip
tion. Yet still tke iaeatiate appetite af war
cal's for more of human hleod acd human
eufferic;.
Seuater Caacdler, cf Hichigaa, then-lit
tbe Union not worth aavieg without a "little
blocd Jetties." One wculd thiak that taer
has beea biood letticg, tahry aad death
enough withia the last three yeare to satisfy
the mest elood-thirsty of all the Abolitic
tribe, yet tbe cry is Mill for acre.
Remember, that a vote fer ileldeu is a veto
to encmrcje the jaakete toi ctisne tho war.
o