16
to exchange your property for
bribes.
It means corruption of your judges
as long as with, your money corrupt
inducements are held out to them.
Private ownership of public neces
sities means that thousands are kill
ed every year unnecessarily, to save
money and provide dividends on
watered stock.
Isn’t it worth your while 'to think
occasionally of this matter? it* so,
forgive the writing on New Year’s
day of a dull, stupid editorial about
the rights and the lives of the peo
ple.—New York Journal.
CUBA REQUIRES “THE MAS
TERFUL HAND OF A
RESIDENT.’’
With every r day it becomes clearer
that Cuba can be governed only by
the means of what the Marquess of
Dufferin once called ‘ ‘ the masterful
hand of a Resident.” The Herald’s
suggestion of an American protec
torate over the island upon the model
of the one established by England
over Egypt is manifestly the sole
solution of the problem that ean end
the existing crisis and guarantee the
future. The administration, however,
while recognizing the urgent neces
sity for a protectorate and the cer
tainty of its efficacy, is prevented
from proclaiming one by Mr. Taft’s
pledges that the United States would
do everything possible to maintain
Cuba’s autonomy.
Such scruples are very honorable
and should reassure the South Amer
ican republics, which are somewhat
suspicious of the disinterestedness
of the United Stales,- but circum
stances may force the administration
to ignore its pledge just as circum
stances forced England to remain in
Egypt notwithstanding repeated and
undoubtedly sincere promises to
withdraw. Whether the United
States desires it or not, it is held
responsible by Europe for the good
government of Cuba, and sooner or
later will be compelled to grapple
with the difficulty.
Already a situation exists there
which is sufficiently alarming to jus
tify the law abiding portion of the
Cuban population in asking whether
they and important foreign material
interests are to be left forever at the
mercy of a gang of professional of
fice seekers and negro bandits merely
because the administration at Wash
ington desires to reassure republics
of South America. A petition for
the proclamation of an American
protectorate in Cuba is circulating
among the Cuban business men and
has already received hundreds of sig
natures.
The mere prospect of American
withdrawal from the island has suf
ficed to paralyze business and to
make Cuban bankers refuse to lend
the money urgently needed by the
iigricultural interests. The Cuban
Minister to Madrid has resigned, con
fessing that his countrymen unaided
are incapable of remedying the ex
isting situation. Even Governor
Magoon, though he is loyally carry
ing out Mr. Roosevelt’s policy, is
credited with the opinion that ulti
mately the United States will be
compelled to restore and maintain
order in Cuba or to suspend the Mon-
THE WEEKLY JEFFERSONIAN.
roe Doctrine while European powers
undertake the job.
There, as a matter of fact, lies the
danger. If / the Cubans alone were
affected by their incapacity for self
government they might fight among
themselves until nothing more were
left of them than was left of the
Kilkenny cats. Unfortunately, how
ever, vast foreign interests are at
stake. British capital invested in
Cuban railways alone amounts in
value to about eighty millions of dol
lars. Protection for such immense
interests must be forthcoming from
one quarter or another. The Cubans,
having demonstrated their complete
inability to protect even their own
interests, cannot be expected to pro
tect those of others. The United
States is prevented from effecting
any durable reform by pledges that
have outlived not only their useful
ness but also their justification.
England, however, will not—indeed
cannot—remain inactive indefinitely
while her subjects are being plunder
ed and ruined. Appeals for protec
tion, it appears, have already been
made to England, France, Germany
and Spain by their subjects estab
lished in Cuba, who fear lest the
United States should adhere to a
policy that, although ethically ad
mirable, must prove disastrous for
them. Moreover, the administration
may keep its pledges today, but the
question is only shelved for a time,
recognizing that the day must inevi
tably arrive.
The Cuban politicians who control
'the situation have been tried and
found wanting; liberals, moderates,
conservatives, they are all anarchists.
It is only the presence of an Ameri
can military force that preserves the
semblance of order. To withdraw
that force now would be to throw
down the reins to the worst elements
in the Cuban population and invite
another outbreak of lawlessness that
would render necessary a second mil
itary expedition for the purpose of
restoring order.
From the common sense standpoint
the United States can no more wash
its hands of Cuba than England, could
wash its hands of Egypt. The United
•States cannot shirk its responsibili
ties as the great civilizing force of
the Western Hemisphere, nor can it
allow the results of the Spanish-
American War to be nullified by ill
considered pledges given to politi
cians who have forfeited every right
to be considered. The whole world
will honor the Washington adminis
tration for respecting its plighted
word with almost exaggerated fidel
ity, but in Cuba it is face to face
with a condition, not a theory. Cu
ban conditions are rotten to their
foundation and must be reconstruct
ed on entirely fresh principles. The
facts not only justify, but even de
mand, that the pledges given under
other circumstances be set aside and
that America intervene effectively—
that intervention to be in the form
of a protectorate; and if the United
States proclaims over Cuba such a
protectorate as England has estab
lished over Egypt it will earn the
respect of all really patriotic Cubans
and the gratitude of the whole world.
—New York Herald.
Occasionally that lid in Cuba makes
a noise like a loose fit.
Established 1858.
DOORS, SASH and BLINDS
OF EVERY DESCRIPTION.
YELLOW PIME LUMBER
Factory and saw mill equipped with latest improvements and organiza
tion thorough in every department.
FULL LINE IN STOCK AND PROMPT SHIPMENTS ASSURED.
Prices, Catalogues, etc., upon application.
PERKINS MANUFACTURING COMPANY
AUGUSTA, GEORGIA.
NOW IS THE TIME
TO open a Savings Account.
All deposits made on or before January, draw interest from Janu
ary first, for the full six months following.
If you have not been saving money regularly, decide to begin with
the New Year.
You can open an account with as little as one dollar. Even a mod
est account deposited regularly each week will give you a goodly bal
ance by January 1, 1908.
We add four per cent interest Compounded Semi-annually.
Thos. S. Gray, Cashier. A. S. Morris, Vice-Pres.
Wm. Schweigert, Pres.
2? UNION SAVINGS BANK S
AUGUSTA, GA.
i-jatr
The Great Eastern Shoe Co.
This name sounds large. W e started small with a large name,
and we have grown now until we are above all others in the shoe
business. In other words, we are to the shoe business what Jef
ferson was to the Democratic party in his day.
HE WAS ALL GOLD, and never tarnished. Our shoes are
all leather, and will wear.
We give you Below a Few Prices on Some
of our Leading Shoes:
Our Greta Hand Sewed Calf and Vici Congress and Bals cap
and plain toes at $2.75, are as good as most shoes sold now-a-days
at $3.50, and we put our $3.50 and $4.00 line of Gents’ shoes
against any $5.00 or $6.00 line made today.
Our Ladies’ Department.
Our $1.75, $2.00 and $2.50 shoes are simply superb.
And in Boys’, Misses and Children’s shoes we carry a tremen
dous stock of good shoes, and at low prices.
Our stock of Hats is simply wonderful. We carry a line of
good Fall Hats from SI.OO up to Jno. B. Stetson’s best grade.
And now, a word in regard to our wholesale department: We
do say, and with confidence, and believe we can give a merchant
the best selected stock of the b est selling goods of any house in
Georgia.
WRITE FOR PRICES. MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED.
The Great Eastern Shoe Co.
R. G. TARVER, Manager,
915 Broad Street, AUGUSTA, GA.
JAMES W. GREEN. J. D. WATSON.
GREEN & WATSON
ATTORNEYS AT LAW
THOMSON, GEORGIA
Consulting Counsel:
THOS. E. WATSON
Will practice in McDuffie and surrounding counties. Loans negotiated and
collections made on good terms. <