1
ii!E CONFEDERATE.
3 ' 4
M. USRMa! & CO., Proprietors.
TERMS :
T EDITION, -for 6 months.
.....$15
3
4
1
3
-,T -'EILY, for 6 njcntk.
Id
..T ' I'nTTTHV fnr- nirtTttBS..
6
' ' l,. revived or e ay other
, tb-rf the above, or tor i longer er garter j
r'r'
- - ----
Mh. Yanit-s Yauitatuin."
I
chil-ren. let uss'uat up the bor n4 tbe I J
:, fVr -or play i- pUrsa out. i
v. thin a short tim- pa, cmam nju-oi j
tfc- idt;,g of the Norths mind J
to ppe&r,eeriaiu crevicrs ia the rck of eb-
T.'J
tfli '- " 1
toa:-.ac9 senilis to -feow tnai-,Tt
takiag tha Uv-i if. raUin; aacn cry,
iic-ii Ueld that any
4
2 " ? a
.. ir lifomntir t fee i
accei'-?d t itt(i.c-4'.i jarf a-u we, in
- , I . 1 A
ct oil vf.t
! :iiff, r ta;n to nop tnai
;vv: ftf retar;c2 reason Wiamo;
i
:, j frac; exile tb- JeSano of L-iog,
JJ.;-r!,t. 'Voi ia ike Uouce of Rrprcsonta
tjt'tkj public motir.-3 whtre pac reso
luuaae were aofted .ac too of the most
r . i -V . . ! I 'nit.
fu
et
1
G
;s'ned to taaay raiud amoa us eTidtnces
a r'jwiag chau-'S ; a-d we accepted .this
nlln. Beiidfs Uia, the emp'yment bj
jjluefbit tw kiissaries, Jacqs aad
.aor, ta rx:rd to Hich:or.d and ueee
i ts 4nt D-vis" their adrrnt ad the re-j-
i 'd cVitu-ay, iaj-arftw aujr with the
i'.a-ia.ent thatpojjeiar swiaha was preseing
c3 upou the radical minds af Seward and
L acolo.
It t.a Lecauie tbs faa'uiwR to "play icto the
:.tis" of this ojteaiag peace proliTity, which
p.,Tiie-d to zr'jyr by o,u!tirtioo, aadto ripeu
:i l.j a public willingness f'.r -'peace ost asy
;r-as." We aoceptsd th fa3aioa, entered
t, arena, and loaned o!!r share to bolster
lu this spirit oar articles were written
wecsver we spoke of arraisticecf the poa
s' t'e diacusston cf a Coireaioii of all the
ate" of thr'f5cus5i;i ef reccttructie
Ts had Nt oa!y thi- object, to help i" p ssi
i . aj:r feeble plant ef pece bentirueat just
i , ijin up, bat we bad a farther purpose,
t to those wha doubted, how great our
j:! anii'-tj has er-r b-v.a for peace, and how
j.',.t.;h vre wuld e to uaet auy appearance
0 such a .ilutic-ii i'f our difficulties wheaerer
1 cif ia inch ihap i't-.v't a loyai mind, in
3 :J
'.b-'ii'ioa to the 3o?vmst and to the
vfr;o welure, could tik icttoa. But uow
f.-aiun ha run v-ut. It his had its day.
. !:iufl of tc txt, the puppets hav 8
S aivi tb- ,;pt i played out."
The Chica-o (?o.iation has met
.Mc-
i ;jHan. ;md lVn!etcr, cf Ohio, have beta
i .viiated ;a plti"jrm of peace en the bais
t : rft-nastrdction, to b arraujt., by a On
:.thu of ul! t State, adopted ; and the
I 'dy has adj-iurr.ed. t- meet a.in, if b-cs-?.
y. Frank 1'ierc.-, Fi!!aure, Vallandighani,
' . ,,nia. Srvn:rv.V V a..rnoe. the whole cord of
. ,
ods, cav ";uC up," in a sense ; and Deau
J.uiiond, IMruont, the hards ud oft, Tam
uTi v an 1 M..ir'., b3s done tite work real,
c i tiuie work opea fill agree work, through
i;ch ca plainly be ecu all the artifice,
r.iii l, rtratasetn, device, cunning, dishonesty,
i r'hoss and rjfiry the well-ktiowu
aiks i-f ancient pUiforrna. The Conren
t ;n the Couvermoa rrk. i? nothing raore
( r: ia a Yankee photograph. Erery feature,
, 1 fc.rct atiJ meu'ir of that corrupted or
.uiiiviio, tlio Yankee p!iticiau is reflected
i the life in ihh af semblaje and its doings,
j.otklii tlerattd, uthlug exalted, haa eaa
i a.d freni its operations. No lave of conu-
t ry, no uin)ifi?d patriotioi, n pare buman
li :v- nil ilsj urtiiin x!l tha xMtr.iilns , which
-oduced i: actioa, may be snmaaed up in
;t, political trickery ;ad political qaackery.
'Uts kj;.vint Int ; how to beat Liaco'n ;
hat to say to accomplish li ; what to leare
.csaid for fear rf hinde-in it : mere misap
.'rehtafioi? of the popular intelligence ; more
.MeqiTccal distrust of the popular integrity
icon unqualified exhibition of their own want
jf both iaielligance ad integrity. Ia other
rordf, the plutfottu is doublewhcaded. It is
"ike p.ice with iadpendeuce, if that will
s ect tWe candidate; aad peace only with re
'rastructioa, if that i wo!flary to success.
So tfcat the Chicago CBTcatioa has done
notfting more thaa refer the question of Lia
:o!n' re-electioa back t President Davis,
Kobsrt E. Lee Xud th Southern armies.
Tais i the view which we are to take of it.
ij it we aia Tictories if we repei tne inTasioa
,1 if we ercn hold oar own until NoTeaaber
taen McCicllan will be elected, offers of armis
tice will be made, propositions fur "a Convea
ticn ef all the State.", or ether peaceable means
fer the cessation of hostitities,'' will. he ex
tended to u?, "to the end that at the earliest
practicable nonfat peace way be restored ea
the basis of the Federal anion of the States."
Aad we may go further and say if oar suc
cesses are material, then the last clause of the
above preposition nay be atrickea out, so as
to terminate it at " hostilities witn some
other basis than the "Federal unioa of the
States.'' All depends upon oarselvas. It is
tee vigorous resistance of this, the fourth
campaign, up te this time, vrhieh has brought
ur enemies to talk at all of peace. How far
uor vijcr and success have aflected them,
fcay be seen ia the fact that even Lincoln and
his horde, with -11 tKoir hate anrl -nnm have .
otn brought to relax their bloody programm
cf u,iTeral ceafiscatioa aad Dm haginf
VOL 1.
ike tbel chiefs. Just in this moment, it is a
sene misadventure that we -are last Atlanta.
nt an unexpected blow. After the
strategic, lxovemenis to the rear, by whick
Jobfi8tca justified bis previous iepu-
oUlMgter, retreer. Hntinbe tnemy
wefc irua&llt u the gAt of the city, it was
hardiy to be expected that Hod, hawe?er
brilliantly ht oiht figlit, c&uld do mere
than potitfoue the iatvitaIe d-htiny.
Vo doubt oar tons, of raatorial of war will
be heary, 3ci the eclat of a decided advant
age be afforded to the Yankees, tiore decided
aad proaine?, because it is t!:e isalafed ad
vaiitas to the eaeniy of 18C4. Tne occupa
ti'ju of Atlanta too, wc presume, wiil bo fol
.wd by further mofemeots movements
which can be averted but in one way and
that id by briuiug inU the field ail the avail
able force ol th natii.
But for aiifntecigm, descrtioa and that ex
traordinary p-rters ton of judgement which
keep out oftheserrica fo-much capable ma
terial. Atlanta would nev?r have been
evacuated, however put in jeopardy by J .hn
stn' "art .militaire."
This reverse should be accepted as a useful
lcsfon. It should stiroulate renewed effort to
injreast- cur forces. AH classes, uf society
should unite with zeal and eiitrgy to press
those who can bear arms usefully, to enter
into the service. We repeat, we need men
aBd no oue can fail to see that we have them
ia abundance, whs will lok around him from
any point of ohserrarion where he may hap
pen to be. We qaote frow the Richmond
Sentinel: '-Every soldier; every" aged and
infcrm raan, every minister of the gospel, and
every wo;o.i, should now keep ward aad
watch detect, fchame and expose all laggards
and desertar, aod acourage those who stand
to their posts "
The T)a Constitutionalist, of Angusta, has
gotten considerably twi.tei. by reason of hav
ing -v;eii a very "aegligent stuleat in North
Carolina poiiticsj" aad its article on Platforms,
which we copy, doos aot altogether unravel
the twiit. In this article he essentially mixes
?supwith our cotemporary, tlie Conserva
tive, of this city, and jives as credit for what
the latter is wholly ftitled to.
The Conservative is a paper lately estab
lished Ln Kaieigh, we belie ?a as the special
organ of Governor Vaacs. As we understand
it, it is a-party paper, representing a political
orjaaizatiou; modstly styling itself The Con
servative Party.
The Conjederate is not a party journal ;
but was brought into existence and is sustain
ed by a very numerous class of intelligent
and patriotic citizens 'patriots s.nd property
holders," as thsy arrs sonastinics called for
the purpose of breaking down party spirit, or
of so modifying it dun-jj the war, as to ena
ble all siucro lovers of the Confederacy te
act together fer the national wlfar. It is a
paper largely supported, for the rusoa that
it eschews party platforn.s, and plants itself
on the broad principle that, now, while the
natiea is at war invaded, and its existence
threatened, there oujjbt to be but two parties
our country and its independence ; and our
enemies who make war upon us. -
As to the principles enunciated by the Con
scrmtiee, and which it would seem to seek
monopoly for, in the party called Conserva
tive they are such as all patriotic men can
readily sustain and if aot claimed as exclu
sively for a party, they fx a status where all
can act together.'
The Constitutionalist well pays that these
'great principles of civil and constitutional
iberty'ha-elong since been "put forth by
President Davis ia his me.-sage and acts."
Indeed, his whole administration has been a
striking illustration of true, sound conserva
tism. For the Georgia platform of Governor
Brown and Mr. Stephens, we never had much
respect; and the Constitutionalist ex poses the
folly and mischief which it contained. It
was one of the things we had to forgive in
Governor Vance ; that lie had anything to do
with it. We should be glad to indulge the
hope that the comprehensive principles prof
fered by tbe Conservative, may find an un
broken support. There will then be no ne
cessity whatever for party, except the pai-ty
cf the country :
PLATFORMS.
.Some days since, in an article upon, the tri
umphant election o Gov Vance to the Gu
bernatorial cnair in North Carolina, we said,
Tin's ekction has denlished -the' 'Georgia
Platform,' if that delectable subterfdge ever
had an existence, which we much doubt."
We can cert aialy repeat this, aad not-mutate
or bo in error. ' -
The Raleigh Confederate feels called upon
to say that it has not only not done so, but
has sustained what was known as the 'Geor
gia Platform,' whick was really the North
Carelii a platform, and then gives the follow
ing as constituting this celebrated fianae
work: 1. The supremacy of the civil over military
law
2. A quiet smbmissiot to all lawa, whether
good or bad, while they rerrtaim upon oar
statute books.
3. No reconstruction, or sabmission, bur;
perpetaal independence. .
4. An unbroken front to the common ene
my; but timely aad repeated -negotiations for
, peace by the proper authorities.
5. No separate Sute actioa through a Con-
Oka ys
RALEIGH; WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER
vntie ; no counter reVolna'm; n cooaMaed
re.istan:5 tw .the.gavtroiBet.
6. Oio-itim to dsp.,tiinj in every f:m,'
and -tbt- preservaiin of Hepabli.aft iniitu'
tioRsia ail their parity
; This uvij be the'North Carolina pUtfarm
we b-tit re now tht it is -bat there U a "pri-jr
olaha.". 0.i Jtfferaua Davis, aad .ceruiu
nrmie .-vhieh hare wa te&ome iitile character
iathe vrld fur bravery and jallaatry, built
this pi itf-reo nome, thr- years since, aad
have cienled it .'oreve with the bst biooi
of tha So,th. -
We, as ethers, ny hwe been a "very ne
;igent .iud?.fit in North Carolina poliucs,"",
before cs iate ekcuon.ffvr if. wjs d;fti:ult to
tell h of little tnnb ihro rliy was fn the
boasts -.if the Hoidenire?; but we are happy
in iufwmi- the Coufdrrute that we bae
now radutel, and - hafj no he?jtatron in
lanti, otii-itele upon the Ubove platform;
hut the affair knn tar a lew' davs a lh
Ot rgi x Platform, was nt the bread. and com-1
pref iTe one set forth, above..
IberewKaa stra (nper hereaeonts of triotistn and unity. The" inevitable results
separate St.te action in the asatter of pa;e; of 3ucb a calamity mat be the utter disin
t here was talk of counter revofutiori-; there s tegration of our whole, political and social
was a decuiea curnamarioa
sistancs of ertaia acts
emmet. t
lina elctio- had d'?m8lishtd, if it ever had an
organized existence in th is State, which we
doubted. ' ...
And th "great principles of civil and
commit i do rI liberty," whirh th Confederate.
says Governor Vasce ndv&aced in advance ef
Messrs. 'Brown and Sti-pheos, bad the honor
of being p,c forth by Jeffer.-on Davu ia bis
mcssag-3 tiid acts still ia advance of either of
the geutieiju'en named.
Suteaoh f this. We had no quarrel
in our artic'a with either Guv. Brawny Vice
President vSvSpkens or Gov. Vance -but only
f-'ke of tb little scum and dirt that will
srisy to thi d.riace wht-a the water of oppo
ritloo are urred by r?at nen.
Toe repalt of the North Carolina electiea
quieted tbe water,"and i-e to the world as
enrauce in taa iategrity and patriotism of the
great iaag of the people when tbe.dirt settled
to the bet toil, its appropriate place, we looked
into its brod beset- aad were astonished at its
purity. Aad wi said so. That's all.
"What Do You Think ?"
Since thr- evacuation of Atlanta, w a have
bssu asked a thousa-jd a one times, what we
thought? .Now. our thoughts are numerous,
several, iniquitous, circuoistaacial and real
We- have numarous thaaghls (and they assume
the shape of strong opinions) that IIod wiil
be3t 'Sherasau yet. Our saveial thoughts are
tht Sherman will several lm:s vish-h was
- (-u the-'tot her side of Chattahwoch.ee before he
gets there. Our ubiquiUas. thoughts Tide us
fairy-like ever the brakes column of Yankee
Hewing soidsr'; while our eircamstantiai think
ings make us adopt the old motto that 'cir
cumstances alter cases." But the scrn, old red
f urruisiugs coaie to our rescue, and like n brave
old tar, frfcstel from the briny deep bra s-trori-tpa,
we rie. fraa the siorra aud read on the
distant. horizon "All will work -right all
will be we!'."
Bat what do you thiak, reader? We have
told our tbc-ughts what yeu tbink ? We
met ur old friead Chucklehead yesterday, as
we were g-ing to dinner late -dinner had
baen sick for a day or two aad was feeling bet
tar orfr apatite was excited for the first tie
for several iy. He akei us, but we par
ried the !i'stir. 'hat do you think?"
With an eclaeated neok 'ka reolieat "I think
"" " if
the Yankees have gt us ! Alarmed, excited,
astonished, we cried where I how! "well!''
just then old Phegie came up with a phiz as
long as a PeJIican's bill aad he iaferaaed us
that we r numbered (jphichwedid not) aboat
his predictieas of such and such .gleoaiy tiugs
that were to happen aad ju-it as be had but-tcn-bolel
as ' "good !' our good friend Light
heart gave us the wtnk, and with a gracioas
smile thita for the delivery, we repaired with
him towards our sanctum, minus eur diauer,
when we met a sweet little girl whom we knew
well, aad we wanted a pure thought. "Lillie,"
said we, -'wi. it de you tbink about the ug!y
Yankees dora about Atiaeta are they goig
to whip us?" law ! no, sir; aot unless God's
asleep ; and mama eays his eyes are always
openand be sees everything. No sir (ssi d she)
theYaokees cart't wijip us, for God is lacking
at tbeui" and lirtle Liliie, like a conafortiag
cherub an ie is, left us aud went her way.. We
wouldn't g;e her philosophy fer all the
Chucklcbeadi' aad Old P.ogie'a ia creatiea.
Gcifral Hill's Official Report.
Tha fo lswiag is Gen. A. P. Hill's official
repor: f tie battle focght at Rearas' Station;
en the We'l-ju Railroad, oa the 25th ult. :
U-ADQUARTKKS ThIHB CORPS,
August 21, 1S4.
Coienel : I hare the hoaor to report the
correct list of results in the. fight of the 25th,
at -Reams' -Station. " W captured, twelve
stand of colors, sine piecea of artiMery, ten
caissons, tventy-oae hundred and fifty pri
soaeraf thirtv-ocs huhdred standi f aaaall
arms and thirty-two horses.
My owe loss in cavalry, artiilory aad in
fantry, is sever hundred aad twtaty mea
kiiipe, woucded and "missiajj: f
- Tery respecifally, ' '
' . A. P. HILL, Lt. Gea.
CoL W. JZ. Taylor, A A. Q.
"I wonder where those clouds are going ?"
sighed Fior, petsiveiy, as she poiated with
her thin, delicate finger te the heavy funeral
masses that floated lazily ia the sky. "I
think they are going to thuader said bar
brother.
The Yankees hare . decided that deserter
from oaf army are liable to draft, knt will not
ha asai?ne'd to dutv aainst the rebels. Re-
- j
figeee irt slao 'liable.
g;Mien of ia r- srstena. ami;! hln.-wlsh-d nJ
ve.8iiithe North Caro-i overnraeat ieonai-dized far -ftrati.-.i tn
' .?K3&a ff -3i sa SJ ' li - . i.-s &, i . . l - - II - II -
11-1
-L J-J AW V
talc frsa.tb.cNcr
THE FlUiT DAY or Tilt CHIUAG COSVENTIoX.
. The Chscsijo CKantioci Bet on the 2'Jih,
kmith- New York.-papei of the 30:a are
fuii of what was a ii nd d"e there. We
copy such of the prt'iminary proceedings as.
are iaeeretiog. Goveraor Sour., cfNs.v
York, wiin.irew hi Btriie o ih2Srs, joiriva
ly, and the New Ybrk esiegatin, thn. being
polled, stood: F -r McCUHan. 53: catteri 13
-Oioddsatioa: McC-eliiQ, 16; 'itt hira t
loflutja: McCicllan, 18; se-tf.ering ti, Iliicwe".
UcGiellaa 25;"sctierio2 TO. ISettihg was freely
d&oe at four to ne that McC-UUari would be
ecmie-atrd ?u ine arat ballot. At 12 Vciock
on.&day th G-nvention was called to order
by A.izust Brtacnt; in a scort addros, ia
which hi said: ' v '
The pas-t -aiid the preseat are eufccUnt
wai wiage ef tha disastrous consequence which
j-wo;.! befall us if Vr. Lincoln's re-electin
I should be ruude possibie by our want of pa-
corse, 1 he American, people have at last"
awakeiitd to the conriction t?iat a change of
p-iiey" atid administration caa alone stay oar
downward ours-.; and tfcey will rush to the
support f your candidate and plat forts, pro
vi ied ? an will offer to th?ir suffrages a-tried
patriot who has proved his djjvotion to the
Urdon and the Constitution, and provided
that you pledge him and ourselves te main
tain their hallowed imoertauca bv ever y tfi'crt
and B-crince in ur power
H nominated Ex-Gvernor Bigler, of
Pennsylvania, for temporary President, aad
the remjnation was carried. Ex-Governor
Bigler, on taking his seat, made what might
be called in peace time a "Union" speech,
saying a great deal about the North, Snath,
Ivistand West rallying under thfc Constitution,
(what Constitution?) which is of do interest
fo our readers in the Confederacy. A fter, the"
appointment of the proper comraittecs, vari
ous resolutions were read and referred. Among
them was one by Governor Hunt, of New
York, tor a convention of all the States; one
by'Mr. Lng, of Ohio, askir.g Liceln to sus
pend bis draft for 500.000 raen . until after the
Presidential election; one by Mr. Price, ef
Missouri, pledging all the (United) Statas to
sUnd by each ethr if the "rights" of any one
are trampled on by Liacola; aud thejasfc oue
by Mr. Aliioks, of Poansylvasita, re-niia-ing
the Monroe docttine!! The Cauvention
tbea adjoia-c tili tne next day.
Chicaoo, Ai0ftt31 1 oVtock. The Con
vention re-asseiabled at .10 o'cigek. . Tke
Wigwam was d'stascly packad, aad the crowd
ourvide greater than ever.
Immediately after the Convention was
called. to order, prayer was offered by the Rev.
Dr. Haley , of Caicauo. '
The ffellewiiig resolution was adopted :
Resolved, Tissit this Cou-eation shall ot be
dissolved by aejurrsment at the close of its
busiiiott, but hall re,o-iri c-r;-jized subject
to be califd -at any m ad place that the
Executive Ntiai CoamUtea shall desig
nate. The President th&u tatd the qaestion be
fare the Convention to htt oh ordering the pre
vious questiiT, to proceed to tee aout-alion of
of a candidate for the PreMder-cy, aad it was
erdered without ciia.--.cat.
The vote was thta taken by States, the
chairman of eacli deseaticn ansounting the
vot cf each Slate as tpy were called :
MC fella n. Seymtur.
Mai e.
New Hampshire,
Vermont,
Massachusetts,
Itii'id.- Iland,
Ceaiiecticut,
New Yrcrk,
New Jersey,
'PcBasylvaeia,
Delaware,
Keatucky,
Ohio,
Irdiana,
lilia -;s,
Micnigan,
Missouri,
Minmsota, .
VYiscensia,
Kansas,
California,
- - .WWJ , U,
Oi tne UeneTal tjrOV- ireat. r:rrth!m. r.t Hhaval rfr.,-ro .f
! C t ' -"
6 0
7 0
5 0
12 0
4 - 0
c e
S3 o
7 0
0
0 3
'0 . 7
15 6
9i Zi
16 0
3 0
7 . '4
4 0
8 0
5 0
5 0
3 0
202. 23.
Oregorr,'-
Ssveral delegations baving givfn their votes
for Horatio Seymour, wtien the cali of States
hd bc-ea fitished, Mr. Seymcur declined the
nmin:tioa. He knew General McCleilan
did aot seek the nomtuatiea. That able offi
cer had declared it would be more agreeable
to him to., resume fcis petition in the army ;
but he will uot hoaor any less the high posi
ti .n assigned him by a grext majority of hi
countrymen because he has not sought it.
- We are.now appealing to the American
people to unite and save our country. Let
us cot look back. It is with the preset that
wc have to deah Let by-genes be bygones.
o .H would pledge his life that wnen
General McCleilan was placed in te Pwi
deatial chair, he will devote all his eaergies to
the best interests of his ceuatry, and to gecu
risg, never again to be invaded, all the righto
and'privileges of tke people, .under, theiaws
and Coustitutioa. . . '
The President tkn anbounced the vaU,
which was reeeived witb deafening cheers. -
Imediatelj after te nomiaatioa, aan
ner, on which" was paiated a portrait of Cem.
McCleilan, aad beariag aa a . atotto,' "If I
can't have command ef my ewa mea2 let me
taare tkeir fate om the field .e f battle,? -waa
ran up behind the President's plalform, and
was weleoiaed with eatkmsia&tic ckeera, - ;
A communication was reeeived from tke
Chairaiaa of .the sesioa of the People'a Asso
ciation of New York, claiaiiag te represent
twenty thousand ciiizsna, accoanpauied by res
oiutioas pledging the. meaabers of the Asso
eiatiea to the support of tkedaicago noa-itee.
Mr. Vail and igkaw moved that the noneiaa
tion f George Br McCUliaB be made tke
unanimous sense of the Coaventioa, wbxk
tu aeooaded by Mr. McKeea.
.' 1 ' ' , . ' - ... . ..""'. ,T -
NO. 33.
Goverar Powel! ' and .lad- Al!"
of
0jo, miu9 brief speeches, an. the quef.riB
was tko io making the aaniiuattoa ana. i
wjous, wfcicb wa? declared carried am -a1 deafe
ic spplsate. .
Mr. WklirYV c.JTarH a reolutica to th ef,
ei-t rhat Keatteky. expert the Srsi a,t ef Gen.
iScUIiac, when
iDSU'ti rated
cexc- Mr a.
b! to apfa rjsot -,
a u
set the ca-
fre. free; which w.s carried ucaniaaniy.
Con-eon'oB t!;M voted fop Vice Pre;-
ce.. lb brst ballot ressiiteW as fi.
J arnes Guthrie, Gb ; Gecre'M.
Peacieto .
5i; Daniel V. V.theet, 13; Gtor-re W.
2S; Alight Drake, 9; J. J). Caton, 1 j;
Governor Powell, 32; John ' J. Peips. !- ;
B.ar.k. Oa the second ba!i)t, ' Yoik
threw its w bole vote for Peodietoa. Tbe
oi'ier candidates were then withdrawn. ad
G oi4 H. Fendleion, cf Ohi.-, wa unaa:n.vJ
iy noauaatod. . . '
Mr. I'etdhston, ' being Uudly "called for,
couid only promise to devote himself ia fc
- tare, as ia the past, with entire devotiea to
the great piinciples which lie at the founda
tion of our government the rights of tt e
States and the liberties of the peool in tY
future as ia the past. 0 0 With the
hearts of nilli.nsf Ireeraeu with, tho D
mxTacy would yTain build up th" shit:-re 5
fragment of the Union aad hand it dv:: to
the uext genoratica as it was received froi
tne last
4 An executive committee of oae persa froju
each Sute will be appointed; and it was re
solved that the'Dtsnocraey of the couatry a'e
. requested to meet at differeut cities and have
ma ratification meetings oa the 17th of Sep
tember, the anniversary of the adoptioa of the
Federal Constitution.
With nine cheer. for the ticket, the Con -venfioa
vji earned, subject to the call of le
N.tioaal "Coaventioa.
THK COMlKiJ DltAFf IN THE CNITD STATK?
- PflEPAttA.XIOKS BY TlIK GOVEUNilJSNT iSj
xna racpLs for next Monday.
Yesterday ought to have been oruite a lively
day ia the Uaited States, "if the signs in the pam
pers frena that coaatry are te be believed. Both'
the Government and tho people are preparing
for tbe draft tiie one, to enforcf ; the other,
to resiit it. In New York city there are ru-
mnr rif -i n.it V.r rf o.l UA -. I.
i ivcij ma'l Vlf CI DUI31II u.z
seat troops there to'prevftat any uprising. A
Kew York letter says:
George Dawsoc's Washington letter t the
Albany Evening Journal of vests rday, affirm
ia that the draft will ceriaiaiy be enforced
or. the 5th proximo, aad that the proper pre
caations have beea taken to guard against -resistance
to it is haviuag a much wider read
ies here to" d iy tkan comniunicatioos liom
tkat source are usaally koaored with. Mr,
Davrson is priacipal proprietor of thecburir??.
and as his persot;al relutioaa with the Frei -dest
ate unierfttred to be intimate, he is un
derstood to speak oa such subjects as if "by
authority'. The effect of his assurances oi
the public ruind are visible in the general re
linquishraent ot. the hitharto prevalent id.
that "the diawihg would te de.'erred. Apart
frtua Mr. Dawson's assurances, however, I
taay state that we have satisfactory assnrauee -jroas
liiher (ofiiciai) sources that tedraft will
b ntor.-ed on tne (lay alluded to. Provost
Marsbfcl-Gepsral Fry teseraphs (this da ) tc
s$eteri Htyj-.s to pare no pains to have al:
the arrat-'e aut's perl'ecteel by the 1st proxi
mo. Tbre.i reason to beiiere, ali.0, that--UKierorrs
tcdy of Western troepsarenew e.
their' w'av toward. tan city with a view t
t ho aiao'iter.ance of order.
Inliliaot'5 the ttvolutiou.ferer seeme to be
high fro; tbe followui extract from a letter
iTioe aa aicount of a .meeting at Springfiei.i
o the 2i5t ultimo :
Tbe Jian. aed. Right Rev. Heary Clay Dai.
next . e He laid it down as distiac.
rrepo?it".od that thera were two rebellious a
present io this country that of Davis aae
that of Lincoln. We had ben fighting the
former v id caw Le would like to Rttblat
tcr alittie. He declared that the Democratic!
party wsre respoable for all tb villainies f
the Adoiinistratioa. Tbe wray to correct the
war was to refuse to vote supplies, as the Coaa
i'iobs ia England were wont to check the
King. If this would not suffice, then we
should appeal to a higheraud- a mightier
p-jer that ot revolution. He was in favor
of Uuioa, but aot the bloody one sought by
uhelitioaisKi. You coald not bring aherd ot
cattle to one of- their number freshly slain..
At the secoud staad, during this time, the
-Hon. Lewi Ross, Han. Cris. Kribbeu, of St.
Tiouis, and Jesh Allen, of Williamsoaeeunty,
addressed a crowd. The speech of CVis. Krie
hen was a violeut sscessiea one, each as the
Hon. Crs. would find it unhealthy to deli-ei
ct his home ia St. Louis. Ke tcok tke bold
trouud that the war was prima Jkcie wrong,
aad that the Federal Government had no
power and no right to ceerce a State, lt wa?
ficli a speech as should have caused the ear's
of every Dczaocrat hearing it to ticgle with
thaose for lirteaiag to a moral traitor.
Altogether the tenor af the assemblage wae
much more conservative than that at Peoria
.rathe 3d. .In point of numbers, I should
estimate it at aboat four thou&aad. Every-t-xiag
passed off ia qaiet s fir far ae kaowa.
1 sead a brief synopsis ef the resolutions pass
ed, to wit:
Resolution first re-affirms the devotion ol 1
the Democracy to tbe Constitution and Union,
and also to the'Keatockj aad A irginia reaola
tions ef 1798 aad 1899 ; fartker, that th
Deai or racy ef llliaois reiterate aad adopt the
lesaiutions of the Democratic Sute Convention
?fJanuafy,18l, which diaaporoyea of .coer
tioa us bringing on lheborroref civil war.
Hew far the parpoie of resutaace in Indiaaa
may' go, may he gathered from' the "fact that
' i.a immense ameuat of armrbas keen imported
into that State, aad by the fellawing extract
from a letter elated at IadianapolU, Augast
19ck: .
Facts, jast come to lightj pat a near face ee
ike addrese'of the State Central Committee of
the Democratic party. Its sesaioa ef two
days and nights was oie ef perplexity and
peril. Oa the oae hand was the defection of
the peace wing of the party from Hi non
committal nemiaees, which heel aeeioed rack
the confederate;
ADVEK'HSINO5. '
ADTllTIbF.UK.VTS i l be in.rtei at tana
aoLLXM fatre ef ten llaes (er lew) fer eke
iaet-l;a. Marriage sei:i es4 ebliauUt 111 be
cba.gsJas airertUeaseat.
; job WORK
JOB TfORl af erery d?cri;tiue wtM be 64
ecaied'at tfc!? OCce wita d -pateb, ae ? etl
a; caa be doae fteywb-r ia tbe he.teeta Cea
. eWereev.
alarmiBg prupertjoas that the secret Ofder
propos-d relatio at tace There were
preeat af thatxneetiag of the coaiBjittee such
Coi::esn) a- Vaerhes, who, more thai a'
r year a.j, aropof to selt.'e the isae between
his friend xui tbe Geveraaient hv the sword.
Jeseu'a K. K-lgertoo, of tke Fort " vTa?ae d s
tnct, with tbe coaaaittoe. Oa the
6th of Jaee, IBGi. he dtaoenceJ the BaraeiJe
and Hacball pelicy in Oble aad ladiaaa, aad
sid : Tkerad ef three acts of despotism must
ctme, either by Mr. Liacola's adusiaisrratioa
whi: ba:i'l?uitg ibtiu, or by their resistao'e
by tbe peple eveu uoto death." Sack were
tho neea wro aset u ."quelcb tke a.-heme far
reveJutiot,. tdanced by the S jus of Libert v,
wh fixed the 16ti of'thi month fer tei.iag
Governor Mertoa anl o.hrr efficiale, gttiu
pension of the artraa s, li'oeratiag rebel
juituijm, iiau?aias a r'Ci!5al gefero.
rneu;. ar. arrayiaj; tta
bellicu.
NoTthHea: :n re-
B njbam, oi the Sentinel, and Riffine, State
were .called up. before -the cons sail
tee, cd admitted they belauded totheOrderr
bat were net in its iaaer circle, aed' did not
know of :ce piet.
McDonald returned from the Nerth CaSat
nrday. He met the co.nmittee ; and H. H.
D vld and J. C. Walker, State Ageots at New
York, were i-alled hefare them. At fir?t tiaey
were deant, but admitted that revolution
had been planned. Athon mx te he Previ
icnai Governor. Tbe Order wae to strike,
at the same time, at Coluaabas and CiaciuaaM,
Ohio, and Chicago, lliinoh. Thh they had
recer.tly met Sanders and Holcornbeat Cliftea.
Canada, and areed on this plot. McDonald
asked I)jdd, "How mi ly troops do yeu think
there are about Icdue-aprtMs ? " He answer
ed, "Only a few invalids attd veteiaas."
There aie cnejrh,"f.id McDenaid, "to whip
you and clean out your whole Order iu tbe
State."
- McL);a!d ad otkera of tie coasaaUte
-pro': ted against leveiaiioa new as esdaei,
and preraile i on D.Hld to ecd a sectet cina
li;r, by virtue of his authority as'Grand Ccm
mand:r, ordsriug tke'varleat Lodges to desist
from revolotioa now. Tne circular was seat.
and tne 16di pass'.d off withoat the revela
tion planned by tbe Order.
This revoiutiea throws new light on the ad.
vice of the 8late Central Coaarxitice to the
Cepperheads to form oru armed orgaaixe
ti;,n!, aad piov.s that the whole latent is to
put, hi the same ot law, arms ia the heeds of
D-cio rutr, and thea wake thm allies et the
secret Order in a iel.uioa whick tan beea
poUoBfrd fr a more coaveaieat oepertuuity.
Mear.tii'jr, thee Cupf.lVheads wi'.l strive for
a provocation fer ciil war.
OjN'c ru, Sept. 1, 1864.
Dear Bulletin; Tbe friends of our gal
lant y&ung towomnaB, Lieut Fred. Feard,
were r:rprictd ,J delighted at hii sudden
and UMXprotrJ arrival ia this place a few
days siace, freh from atyond the line of
Dixie. He wa captured ia eae ef the b attles
fougbt.ia the vicinity! of Peterbor.J-.aboat,
tw months since, while i-rvie a ai'I( de
camp to Ge'j. BarriMger. Vhi!e in route with
other Cjs federate citcerj, for tbo:r fatare,
aud what premised to be their aheost ieter-mi-a'c-i
abodf to UaAiema prieua hvao
in tbe distant N.rth; Lirut. F. assde hie
escvp.- by lfpin fcm the train ween it w
uedir fiii hidu4j, bctvei tYatbinten
City aud B-lucro. lt was emphatically and
in a d&auie ei:e, "leap. in the da-k ;'' tbe
ldat was ear. and the fiuvre was an les s. '
T'he rc'tal of hi .-utiriiuent adveatares du
rlag a- tramp of 4QQ miles in tbe eaeaay'a
country, i extieu.;!y inte.-estiu j aad edify
ing, tt;id may 1 giee'i to yoer readers, at
corns future dy, wbsa its j hli -;;en caaa ?t
have lue efTcet to iaerease the difficult its of
others placed under a ar.ilar circa aiata aces.
Yours truly, HEBRON.
At a fi.aey J'rr.i Lall in Pari, Frs nee recent
ly , a 1 dy was teen ia a very lew nerked dreee,
wide, fHati-j, and w.viig, an abandaace of
greea gaa. Sise wag po'itely asked by a
gentltnaaa w'.at ehe personated. "The set,
monsieur, "it low fide then, madam ' Tee
lady blushed and tbe gentleman smiled.
Durino Gen. Biraey's recnt raid fa fiori
Ida, a bright little girl was feuud aloaeat one
house, her parents having skedaddled. jhe
was rather non-committal fer she did Bet
know whether the troops wen- Uuica or Rebel.
Tw j fine dogs made their appearance while
a conversation was being held, with tbe cbiid,
and she informed cna of her quentneera that
their names were Gilmore; aad Beaard .
gard.
"Which is tha 'bent dog?" asked a hy-
lander.
"I dna't know' said she "they are both
mighty tajart dvg; but they'd either ef 'em
Buck e;gs if you don't Watch '.era."
The troops left without asce'tatalng wheth
er tiie" family of whihthe girl was ae hope
ful a'-civu, was Uaiea er Rebel. Ytnke
SugaI Cam A cerrespoadeot of the
Columbia OuardUn tiys, it is nt neceary
to grind up the Chinese Sugar Cane immedi- -ately
upon catting it down. It is the geaer
ally receive opiuioa that thr eaae miithe
grouad ap toa after it is cut, or it. will aot
answer the purpose of making molasses. Bat
experiment has ahowa that if the cane ia cut
and placed under caver, aad placed in an ap
right position, so that the air can circulate
through it, it will keep fer moatas, and at
the end of several months it can he ground np
aad will pake very near aa mack' molaaaes aa
If it had been ground np when first cat. This
statement la - made because there is aa
menee crop ef it, aad there wili'be very gieat
difficulty In finding mills laffieient te grladit.
ViiTY n Eaetlt Famx. Thackery r
lated the following incident, which occurred
during his vUrit te St. Loots a few years siace.
' Ileiwaa dinlag at tke betel, when he heard oae
Irish waiter aay to aaotaer : ' , .
"Do ym kuvw who that is ?"
"Ne," was the answer.
''That," eaid tha ether, " is the cele. rated
Thackeray !"
- "What Las he doae?''
. "D a If I knew."-
evhaeriha W the OemtWeeata.
JJiT
X