THE CONFEDERATE.
WEDNESDAY, J ITT SO, 15S4.
Frottcticn-
A f?w d;y sre-, we commenced to rarn eur
tr.r rt.iiLce wljcu tb?y xnigbt put on h4
j,K-d-?a. Io ary Y:ikee bargain which they
raigh: te inclined to mane, Ibev way U eU.?a
W - C 4 Ml a j 1 i 1 '
i VUfal Wui SvCTUV 13 lU?Et, upy BUST J
couBtry, Kjnlty, ccarasr find bo tr;
:h?r be icW, ad pajwprit "iU be cia j tc;
tli-.ra is tosaVt; nn'v.tg, or scae lilce naaQIa
sr:cie. otrica.!y, &l jt &U the etaer ehAr
ctcrisiics nf our enemy, i his total 'Jirtgard
:cr irutl. ; his tE9a uaa cf faUeatd,
i.4t;-rtou cslyuect of Jcp:ien,
lu.r ut tkrengh tfe cet (f ceara with
Li Micrst!e.scftjtiB9) frooi Liacola, acd Sw
trJ. snd Caafe, who o'eeat IVreign GoT&rn
tr.tnt, fewjL Jift their evru ajct5. d-esembla
i!h cte another, and are a fraud upin thorn-
tires, dwva isrough the ee!ra ca'logue. In
t.i vl.r,' ar they he carried Hcrael assault
a?4ir5i tV Ttrr prit.c5!c f Governasent
vl.-Ji tbelr fitter made v.ith our I the nt
ftol-jtioa, Sire? thi" war tga, Licceln haa
rcc-We! Tlcliitel his pledges ta tie States af
Alirrlar 1 ni Kentucky, to the ef5eera and
o'iifcr- f hi araij, aad t Feretga GoTera
Eerjts ; for h causs-l to be putiUhe I thJ coa
feIoa. tbat he cecld do c.r.stitutioaally d'l
turb s'strrjia tha States, and did act aiean ta
do so; aad thus b'.icdiu? the T-.ctims by this as
ursicce, he prtccedad o to secoro theea agis!
rfii-taucr, as to uii'we tat iapciiib'e ; and ao
teener acconipiiihed than h"? et? frea lha
tt-nre fcy j.TCc'.a;aa!'oc. aad enlists him ca eq'cal
t-rm with hi sslJiery.
Abd ery Geiera!, withect exctptiee, laaa
ii ;: b Yankee armies, baa trodden the earns
c.v:.k-l path of xalstaesi aad trickery. All
wb Lava aceuajd, h7e aTraaeato tha eaa
f tair error, in fiadin total dta-rc.:-i:d
of fi'U'a and pransises. Coming bom,
fr-,:w the waste! Arias and tvitatei property
people ia Teasa and Yirjiaia, hera
14 4,-r own Eajtera Xrta Carolina, there ia bat
or.2 tc-? , aad that prccoaocea npoB the eor
rupti. ., m-Hiaess and falsity cf the Yankee.
L:t s therf ia anaca seni ptwpla ia North
C'.r?i:r.n, there were ia tha twe States v
iaTi w.aeJ, aa atj vetnen -who feadiy
c thope that when their eectica ehculd
t- 6.jrrc. they Tiiht propitiate the Yanki
bj favors, and esrresty, aavl er.a'I bribes. Bat
jjy r-.
a
ilw V.:t.r.s
TV J-r,
.r-f'i wiih-jct tkiir host. In sorce
riaia the seor jcca, driven fraa-
'y 8viJea59s f Yaakee barbarj
xiy br tly befor-3 thir eyas and ta
J ' r .! . Ii.ld for thenvteW th plan to save
Sr ffr-jr, aad perhipaa nittsne for
h M-.-vvr -f life, by show cf hepitality te
t'i- imi ''--: asd secordi22ly" they prenare
; . ' -'.v?n c Lcdus ni chosen dainties
-. : n .ivu. &i julepes, anl cella-
t - . t
tV-t'i -!
i --"-.-. i!i "2 rjats ; and the Massa
?.d Ccri-ctieut Tcarandar, some of
.i radaatoof Cambridge and
tft teir hospitable entertain-
a.-'i t ! gorged m the true sty
f Tjr;"j g'u'Vnj : swetpioj: the plat3 at
i-f-!fk rM'Uf: f ctka, aad jallias, and
rf.it.ufj t u;n tu'ht have escaped the pres-r-..:
v 'ni. bur !- of :fce speens, and fork?,
er nry '.r j 'it? thit there might chance to
b; if:J t;:i ibi-y aicle the eoeks that made
the rci :i t. a:: 4 th? serving men, that waited on
tli t :b!c aai iq- n.! leu' that tended in the
o'ij-w!. ;. ati inropiig all then together,
iVr t:-.er; c in stch of transportation, and
i :"ir 2nd ? th lady'a stable acd barn
yr J. In tV.y w;y cf -firriaga, harses, buggies,
rit-; vioc. z? l mr.ic-i ; ad for farther ent
U: ;hc ia ht f ou.i; of a few fconrs the stera
a:h wl'.l aad tt be gorgtd agiia, they take tae
s:.: it.f ic Lc e'x-anuc, the ?heep from tae
( :'A, ..r - ft.r frEi th !arder. ssd" wisat frca
t!ir hn.-L:r. h-'i.v. .ivl i:-y Irive nerer sa much
pf f-io-i tVst a child might nake
u. " i. vc it frori :arv.:ifir.. And of
aH t.iik?o 5';st- i'rii:5r npn this hespl
ttble 3 rut, th:r ''',:" brute h--riC3 are the
crVv r,:iib?rs c-'ihx- pr
wh; do n ii, of tbfcir
?;.?a -ktry o?f soiusthin be-
", wvuH suf tht this wanM e -t
k'.r f.tic . ta; it is no hvf. 11 ,'r
to ruri-aek the
'iurdr..-, drssicg; tables, toilette boxes ana
a renvly esc is foatv.! f?r dresses, ornaraeuts cf
jowelry, lacs and rlr, even to the: wedd: ?
X r are these ra. nor-theft? performed
wilh thc-racefnT1 c-s. deration nl.ich distia
ui'?d .Ueperd and the 44 gentlemen ef the
I'M I " :u the bettor days of highwaylng. They
dj Rt even iriy to the liidy hostess. ,J stand
and df a"rr " 44 j cur purse or ycur life ;" but
Kiuy ri?V er delieato Scger? iu sufSeient
auv.brry lp bo aure a;.iiist reaitacce, aad
v,rech th? jTvels off. and from out her ears
ll.iy tc-M imo aoautiful peadats that have
nver ye been rov?i siueo tne hour when a'
s hind tlr-J p'.ufvd tLea is the possession
f the vcs.rcr.
. r tic n.irrativi vet complete. That
i.i.iv who had th :3 fondly hoped to buy hor
y- v. e, :.z t-ven a inui ition from the-e rob-
,s .it I i-i ccni-r.t, after all this des-
:!.iii-n. if siit- is n -t i,rced to see her roof
?iren ta corUration befoto her eyes. Hap
vv i. if 5he escarps to wear tha clothes
t; a r.er prs.-n, for more than once,
Topatatlc matrons have been stripped naked
ar.il TzaZz to walk, diske.anred and exposed
r.-f-rt' these brutes. StiU happisr, if ehe hava
iir J.::;hte? but wo draw Hxe veil.
f ir ere he in Xorth Carolina a matron rr
a aa'.dcr. bah.iir.g the ieJusive hope th&tsh
sriy iind p.ott;Cti:, we pray th;m to regard
V.vt warning; and if there be a man who h
allor.-er: Uimscif tc befdaee-l into any com
bicatioa p?omiiinfj tiiis prctfx;ting treatment
f.-rjr. the raiding enemy, let him lock around
u-h'.dd the lecordi of what we write, and
-,tV'r If-i belli tT.Ti ?nd women prepare thein-
je -t'es: e ruTrg ,iay ucu uea. a- . ,m?Tt,m h ,Bor.of he,r hen, oor be
tUt any f rcct to th.ra or their families was j fa,.e . .
r - c h:-d cut of r,v csptieemcat! which thy j f - . . . . -A
. , - roof-tr re c.rtMizJt craning awa.
?;ct r v ;i.cuc?J to i b!:e with tbe enemy, er i
( felv s the one to confront and s3y, Jf j.ufcU
tie, lie foe ; the other : face .nd sc-)? hint ;
i for fad Eximnr well avs, that even vasv
i kees respect n.J Trverenc. almoa vrw
ship a true, brave, haughty oodhern woman,
wlo looiia on wni "icoia 3d passive ri'Stftin
t all, th wojrt tat chy can do, and will not
A Dlstlaimor.
i V . " ? V.yTr,f
.
II;, 1364,
ilr. Hclien spe iks the uhef langaags cf n
in fc.is isaue of th- 13fh IVbat moiiTe t.e uif j
Jiave, for tli caneesslor:, is kaowa to himself,
Let us e how siacaic fee is In making it.
pen he leagued with Dr. Leash to pi-t fi rth
tha infamous libel, cooeted by George N.
Ba&ders, f whom both hj8 and Dr. Lech are
worthy araceiates, be accn?e J cf three of
fence :
1st, That we fraudulently negatia
to ! tbe
bonds f the State, withvat authority to do a.
He tcade this accutatioa when be knew that
Qoy. Vance had written to Col. McRae a letter,
of the 12th cf April. 1863, trprestly trutruetivg
hint, as the agent of the Ftate, to inaka tne nz-
gotiatioa.
2nf He charged Col. McRae with dtfrc?.ng
tho State, by purchasing good at low pricfes,
and charging exhorbiti&t profit ta ther. .
When he knew from the inuice tiled in tha Q.
M.'o office, that the prices paid by the State
were the European wholosale prices, without
change ; acd he kne from the fi&tiag up of tbo
goods received, and the aggregate sun pld,
that not a dollar could Lave bm retained by
Col. McRae for increased prices, as he charges.
Sd. He accused Colonel McRae of defrnd-
) in the State by selling- the Navsl S'ore3 for
a lower price than he co.i!d otherwtj hiva
gotten on an agreement with the purehaGrs
for tome benefit. "When he could have
loarcad front Hr. Hughes &Ld Mr, White,
test tbe scot charged per barrel wa fixed,
on the advice of disinterested North Caroli
nians acquainted with tbe subject, aud that
it was offered for this sum while Mr. 8aa-
dere coanectad with this matter,
4th. In'this very paper.he accuses Colonel
McRae cf supporting Governor Yaiica for
the purpose of receiving an unreasonable
compensation when he knows that t'cloLtl
McRae is incapable ef any such conduct.
Tet in all this Mr. Holden proposes to mean
no imputation upon "personal honesty.'
Parbaps Mr. Edlden may find in such
conduct as he accuses Colonel Mcllae of, ne
departs re from integrity. If so, one can
understand how he makes this disclaimer.
From Eastern Xorlh Carolina.
We are ia possession of recent reliable in
telligence from Newlern, by which we ara
informed that the late yankee raid in O is'ow,
turned cut badly for the yankees. It apr 'an
that they iivided and ,got together unexrec
tediy, when they fired into each other, ki'iirg
an orderly sergeant and two or three pri
vates, and wounding many others.
Geld went from 204 to 235 at one leap, in
Newbern, and on the 30ih was at 240, and
siill gpirig tip. The yankees that came out
about the first of January, fer the purpose of
renting the abandoned lands around New
bern, have made rather a poor business of it
Host of them have broke and gone home,
while those who remain are making arrange
ments to get cut of the scrape as soon as possi
ble. They say that the dewnward tendency
of their currency is the cause ; and all of them
agree that a great crash must take place soon.
They hired negroes and the very lowest order
f traitors to superintend their cotton and tur
pen;ne farms ; and there would have been a
failut if nothiBg hnd happened to their cur
rency. The 17th Massachusetts was about tc leave,
J their term of enlistment having expired.
Great efforts were made to induce them to re
en'ist, bat they proved an entire failure, cue
or two only were all that did so. Thii is the
regiment that has bean on provost da'ynf New
bern since the death of llrno at Sharpsburg,
whers thev were bd!v cut to phces and sent
back to Newbern. The yankees acknowledge
j the defeafef Gra-it up to the time of his ap-
that he will succeed there. It is universally
acknowledged by the yankees at Newbern,
that a failure on the part of Grant to whip
Lee, mast put an end to the war.
The force at Newbern is new very small
just enough to garrison their forts, with a few
cavalry to send out, to keep up appearances.1
Hospital or Earlt's Diviiox,
Near Richmond. Va.,
Editors Confederate : Will you please pnb-
j lish in your valuable paper the I'm of killed,
I wcuudad and missing f the 6th N. C, Troops,
"! in the various fights from May. 20th to Juso
8th :
Co. A, lfcuaded, Wm Bedsoe, Geo Blank-
harts, W A Brown severe, Jno Keefe, J M Deu
; ton severe. Missing, S D Brady and Leande?
liouck.
Co. B, Wouaded, S Talton.
Missing, J
Waddel.
Co. C, Wounded, Marion Gillespie, very se
vere. Co. D, Wounded, Capt Neil W Ray left leg
amputated, Ed Powell, Jas Smith. Missing, 1).
K Jenkins. John Ferrel, C Oriffin.
Co. E, Wounded. Capt John A McPherson
severe, Wm A Davis dangerous, Robt Murdock
uangereus, H Williams severe.
Co. F, Killed, Lt B Y Mebane, private Geo A -Thomson.
Wounded, J M Keck severe.
Co. G, Killed, Geo W Bostian, Rev Wm M
Miller. Wounded. K P Miller severe, A O
Gibbons severe. Missing, Wm Cowan and Wm
York.
Co. Tf, TTeunded, 1st Lt L H Walker severe,
G F Allen. Missing, J S Jones.
Co. I, Killed, J M Cheek, Henry D Britt,
Holland. Wounded, S F Barbee severe,
J Smith severe, C Wiggins, S Holleyman se-
ve rc. Missing, C A Jones, H A Morton.
Co. K, Wownded, J Christopher severe.
Missiug, J Barton and H J Ector.
j J. G. HARDY, Surgeon.
" A Second Daniel coa to Judgment."
j Riding the we.-tcrr circuit, in April, 1855,
Hia Uoaor Judge Sounder.-, then on the bench,
rlio
fii-uauy yearad bea a useful and boa-
rid servant of the public,-charged the grand
jry a the county of Uaneemb?, if any set of
men fchould Cfcceplre together to elect or defeat
Dy ccs who mi giit be held up for finy public
trnst, by forcing the rater to ote agaicst his
will, by fhrenU or otherwise, the act would be
unlawful and therefore cr?ainal." The charge
of J2igc faonaare was in response to an en
quiry ?f the grand jury of Buncombe county,
and waslereld ajnet-extra judicial oaths."
An ! thereupon seid Mr Hl len.'
Cooasent npon ihe foregoir-g isnet seeded.
The cherye of Judge launders is sustained by
tha!-of Jndge Porter ft Peana.kyrani. Both
taese Judges arc honorable ?r thfcir yeura,
anil respected throughout the country for their
irtues as iaen and citizen?."
I ' Uoth thtse charges diwjriba beyond qnes
i tinn the secret ordvr known as Knew Noth-
irjrs." The deprarcd deunasopjea and d'sap-
pointed party b&Gke who control th jnpnibers
5 ef thia order, ma v wince and writhe ia view of
I the exposures and Ae penalties to which tbe
; , J j r i , oo , ,q-k
j JiaUtgh Standard, July 28. 18o5. ,
! 18'55, then, a secret political party made
I itself liable to penalties " by imimetering
; illegal eatbs : bni now in 1864, a band of tories
; may league an combine to sell their counary
; in time cf wvr, Rd bind ach other by the- har-
rid oath, tie penalty of which is, to be shot
i through the head ;"- and this same Mr. Holden
only liine yers older simply say3 thereof:
! What is Hecoba to him, or he to Hecuba ?"
; If Mi, Holden has aa interest within this latter
! nore reprehensible and far more criminal so
: ciety, the change is accountable.
Hon. Nathaniel Boyden. .
; Tha Salisbury Watchman on Fiiday last
! conUins the subjoined letter from .the Hon.
I lat. Boydsn, giving his opinioa touching the
i per-ding Gubernatorial election.
Salisbury, Jujy 7, 18G4.
Owin to what has Wen said in certain pab-
lie journals, in regard to my opinions tvueh
! iogtha pending Gubernatorial e!ecion, I will
! state, that, there has been no concealment of
my opinion upon this subject. I was an
original supporter of Gov. Vance, aDd 1 am
now, and 'mat I have been uniformly ia favor
W f 1 1
! (f v5-
I oi His ra-eiection. i am lor his re-election,
: yacans Li administratioa. in rvy opinion,
b -Id and manly efforts to upheld the suprera
p.cy of the civil antliorUics, as against tho
arbitrary and despolic rula of the military.
: aire's ray cardial approhatioQ. I will fur
S tber stte, that I have never withheld my
opinion, upon this subject, from any one who
has ever, in my presence, expressed a wish to
knew it, as I had supposed all men, at all
acquainted with me, knew exactly where I
stood in this matter, before I recorded my
vote in tha Senate approving of the adminis
tration of Gov Vance.
I .-ball vote far Gov. Vance, not as a choice
l choree
between wo evils, not lei ause of my hatred
ror a rormtr peuticai astocjaie; out Deranse. ir
addition to the reains already ivcn, he is tny
p?re"oii:il ani political Irr.;- we h"ve hrt-n
! fhritidor to &hcult:er ever sired Le came irto
r-: i J , i .1
pvU.ucai ni, huu wi: iumTf upiiii-r o:iy
iifif r City, to waru ofi'tho troubles which now
afJict our cr-aMry. I mtke this i-uitement for
the single purpose of setting myself right be
fore the public-, and with no view cf influen
cing sag man's vof.
KATHANIEL BOYDEN.
j . DistnrlaECe at Camp Holmes
j We have been furnished by Col. Malette
with tbe following cfhehl account ef the ;it
'empt to subiu the G-rd at Camp Holmes,
by some deartors in the Guard House:
Cass i- ok Instruction :
Camp Holmes N. C,
July 11th. 1861.
Colonel: T have the honor to enclose dis
crij tivelist ef two pri:-eners, who were shot
by tbe Guard, at this Camp, last night, in
attemptinr; to escape from the Guard House
and to snbmit the following particulars, viz: r
It seems tnat the prisoners succeaoed, be
tween the hours of 2 and 3 last night, in
unfastening the east door of the guard-house
from the irsido, without attracting ihe atten
tion of she guard; but o-n rushing out two of
them were shot. Wheeler, who seized the
gua cf the sentinel nearest the door, intend
in to wrest it from him, was shot in tbe
breast and fell dead, after running off a few
sreps. Pollard, received a severe flesh wound
ia the thigh while running,. which caused him
to return and surrender. Other prisoners,
intent upon following the example of the
above, were deterred from carrying out their
plan, by seeing their comrades rail and the
entire guard rush to the rescue. Some
confusion arising during this firing aud,rush
to 'and from the guard-house, I am paired
te say that two men of our "guard, while in
the zealous performance of their duty, were
accidentally, wounded by their comrades on
post. Their name are as follows viz: S. M.
Wright, of Person county wounded In
shoulder, Lewis Aaderson of Orange county,
wounded in side. The latter is considered by
the nrgeom as dangerously woudad.
On being waked by tbe disturbance I has
tened tothe scene and found the officer of tho
guard on th spot with hfs whole force. The
Surgeons were immediately called upon and
administered relief to the wounded.
B. F. Wheeler a conscript bad been sent to
camp by Lt. E. Holt, Enroling officer, Ran
dolph, stating he tried to pass off for less than
45 years of age, but that beiag a notorious
cearacter, his wcrd must not be rdied upon,
he refused also to report to Enroling officer and
advised his sen twice t run from the militia
officer. Being sent here uader guard he was
placed in confinement.
F. Pollard also Tt conscript, was sent here
by Lf. Priar, Enroling officer 8th Congres
sional district, and having deserted from here
once before in,. 1862, was also confined to guard
house. Very respectfully Your tbt. servt.
F. J. HAHR, Maj. Comdg.
Col. P. Mallett, Com. Cons.
Army letters- - m
The resumption of mail intercourse with tbe
army brings us many letters from our brave
men in the field, most of wbicb are too old to
be of interest to our leaders, the news they
contain being anticipated from other sources.
Not a few of these letters contain resolutions
cf meetings on the death of officers, &c. We
would take pleasure in complying' with the
request for their publication, but the crowded
state of our columns with the thrilling events
of tbe day, precludes our doing bo, at least at
present,
For the Con fedt rate.
HcKE BuiGADE, NKAB STAUNT N, V., 1
June 27, 1804.
On Sunday night, the 12rh irst., we lay
us down and slept in on r. camp Tiear G iite:
niiil. below Richmond, cur men weary
lvinir in tbe inirenchrcent5. and ilrpamvt nt
J O - - F .
f long and weary marches. Bat at 3 o'clf
the foliuwittg mnrning the order carue re1''
commanding to pack up and to be;a!'y
to nihrch at a moment's i;otice. InA feW"
moinenta wo were reii?y for such anofice,
and at daylight we struck ff , loth'ddry
and artillery, undpr Lient. Gen, F'ir'y di
recting our inarch north ward. f wrbat
piat we ere destined we knew no, The
day was pleasant, and by th 'ire sun
went down we t,ad made twnty-ve iles.
On Thursday right bWauac6 b ut foar
n.ilts from Charlottesville 11 the next
onrning we took the cars fuT Lynchburg,
leaving our artillery and l&Z'inze trnins to
travel by common road. AJ 2 Vcuk, p. m.,
we reached Lynchbug, and et Gei.eral Mc
Causland's cavalry cc-ginl' into the city, and
retiring before a heavy fece 'f infanJry, cav
alry and artillery of the Yankees. We wera
soon placed it line of battle to P-y ol" cora-
plimeiits to the approaching visitors. The
enm aiivar;oI with apparent bddne.s and
formed his first line within three miles of the
fi crom!, tl,e tumpike road running to
an at dUpif t threw several rifle shells
nearly into the corporation limits. Nijnt
came on and lotted the sound of angry war.
Early next morning, our sharpshooters be
came engaged, arid continued the work with
confiderabie spirit until latr in the evening.
From 12 ttatii 2 o'clock, p. tn ,a furious ar
tillery duel took place. The effects of these
operations satisfied the Yankee General,
Hunter, that the bstrer game for him to play
at would q running. So during the night of
Srvtnrdaj-, the 18:h, under cover of ' dtrkne?9
he began his inglorious retreat, leaving his
dad ucburied, and his wounded -uneared fr.
His flight was rapid. Oar sharpshooters had
whipped'him. And although Crook and Av
crill wert1 with him as helpers in the work of
subjugation, yet they had not the nerve for
the work of a regular fight. - General Earlv'a
whole force did not arrive until hite ia tbe
evening on Saturday evening, or in all prob
ability a general engagement would have
been forced upon the enemy, which would
most assuredly have resulted in their complete
annihilation as an army.
At daybreak on Sunday wre began the pur
suit, which was hotly pressed. At 6 o'clock
in the afternoon the enemy's rear guard faced
about at Liberty, twenty-five miles from
Lynchburg, to offer us battle, but in a few
moments they brtke and fled in confusion,
leaving nineteen dead upon the field On
"Monday the pursuit was cwntinued without
any occurrence or note. Uri luesdaj' eve
ning, tbe 21st, our ravalry pierced the yan
kee waion.and ariiUer' trains near Hang
ing Rock, in the mountains, fire .miles north,
of Salem, in Randolph county, capturing
thirteen pieces of artillery, fifteen wagons,
one hundred and fifty horses, and upwards of
sixty prisoners. Only f ur pieces of artillery
were brought off. The others wtrecut down,
and the caissons blown up. At this point
the pursuit by the infantry wasgivea up, and
J continued at Iv bv the cavalrv on the r.txt
Ayt i;Ul as the enemy had g -tten c.mpWly
into the iiioor trims, little more was expee'ed
and the troops changed tho tiirer-tion of marh
for this place, aid after a labo'ious march
through the heat and dust, many breaking
down by the way from exhaustion, we reach
ed here this morning at 9 o'clock, and arc
resting dnriiiir the balance of the duw.t-x-pocting
to march forward in ihe morning to
soniCi unknown point, where wo may turn up
in a manner that will redound to our coua
trv's welware.
In the advance and retreat of the Ynkfe
army upon Lynchburg under Hunter, they
certiardy afforded to the world unmistakable
evidence by their notions, that in ba:-ernss
and vilhiny, their clain's to a distinguished
position in the scale of infamy, were not te be
j disputed by either Goths or Vandals.
I Numbers of horses and milk cows were shot
down by them along the road and in the orss
lots. Every bushel of corn or wheat, meal nr
flour, and every piece of bacon that could bo
found, w;-s carried off by them ; ladies'
drawers and trunks broken open, their fine
clothes carried off or torn up before their
faces ; their table ware and looking glasses
smashed up and destroyed in their presence;
and thv cursed and abused by the degenerate
and debased yankees.
The casualties of our brigade at Lynchburg
ad at Liberty in the pursuit are as follows :
6th liogiment Killed: Oliver P McPhfr
son, Co. F. A Hddebrand, Co. D. Wounded:
Lieut Fleming. Robert Evans, Co. F, John
Fowler" Co. H Horner, Co. K.
54th Regiment, Co. D Wouadwl : W A
Wade, R C Edwards; Co. C, John A Mc
Donald seriously); Co. F, F B Reiee ; Co. G,
killed,! Torry.
th R'-giatent. Co. A, wounded : W A
Miller, Lieut L E Power, E II Welfare;
Co. C.Niblock, Thomason and Brown; Co.
H, Kizor, arm amputated.
21st Regimen, Co. A wounded: D La
nier ; Co. B, W Davis, W A Cobb ; Co. D,
killed : Nat Sliggers ; wounded, H T Hart ;
Co.E, killed, Thos Wilson ; Co.F, wounded:
Wrm Bennet ; Co. G, A Samuel and Sidney
Smith ; Co H, ki led, E Holderfield ; wound
ed : Thornton King ; Co. T, killed : L. Harri
son ; wounded : T C Mathews ; Co. K,
woaaded: G Spangler, J W Beroth and S
Zimmerman ; Co. M, wounded, Sergt C H
Wooters, W H Stewart and D M Linens.
Snm total of casualties in the brigade! 6 killed
aud 31 wounded. The enemy suffered a loss
ef at least five to our one in these operations
Yours, &c. . - SIGMA.
Editors Confederate: There seems to
bo mach casting about for suitable candidates
to represent Caswell county in the next Legis
lature. With all due respect for names al
ready brought to notice, the claims and merits
of our brave young soldiers seem to have been
entirely ignored, with but one distinguished
exception. It will-not be disputed that quite
the largest portion of the talent, intelligence
and patriotism of our country is in the army,,
and that is the quarter to which we should
look, and honor those who have honored. us,
by standing a solid bulwark of defence and
safety to all at home. Then let us rally in
solid column to their support, in the follow
ing ARMY TICKET:
" For the Senate,
Capt. JOHN W. GRAVES,
For the Commons,
Maj. E. BENTON WITHERS,
aud
HENRY E. WALKER, Adj't of the
Old 12th Regt., now belonging to Engineer
corps. They are all gentlemen of n ques
tionable talents and intelligence.
Nail this to the mast-head, and never strike
colors short of victory. So saf many, and,
we trustt all, the voters in the East end, and
we doubt not the whole county. Send this
greeting to all the boys in front of our armies
ia the field. MANY VOTERS in the East.
TELEGRAPHIC.
REPORTS OF THE PKESS ASSOCIATIOV.
Northern 'ews.
R1CIIMOXD, July ll.The 2f. Y.Heridnt
the 7th, says Hunters forces are rapidly arriving
at Harper's Ferry, to support Siegle, who holds
Maryland heights. It. is reported that the whole
of Ewel V corps are on the tipper Potomsc.
Winslow reports that Semmes sent him a writ
ten challenge, begging that Kearsage womld not
depart, as he intended to fieht her. The Kear
page retired thirty shots, thirteen taking effect
in hull and exploded.
One hundred pouair rifle bell remains buried
in tbe stern post of the Kearsage. A large sum
was subscribed ia Liverpool to purchase a aword
for Seromes.
Maximillian arrived in Mexico on the 12th.
He wm met by a cortege of fire hundred citizens
on bore back, and nore than to handred car
riages belonging to aristocratic families of the
city.
LEGISLATIVE RECORDS.
EXTRA SESSION, May, 1364.
Resolutions of approval of Gov. Vance
and Pres't Davis.
In the Senate,- May 20th, Mr. Smith of
Macon, offered the following resolutions:
Resolved. That his Excellency, Gov. Z. B.
Vance isjustly entitled to the confidence and
thanks cf this General Assembly for the able,
faithful and successful manner in which he
has heretofore discharged and is now dis
charging the complicated and arduous duties
of the Executive officer, e-i barrassd as it
has been by Hie difficulties growing -out the
present unjust and fiendish war.
Resolved.firrther, ThatGrgr Vance has the
most hearly approval and cordial sympathy
of this General Assembly for the firmness and
fidelity with whieh he has uniformily adhered
to our cause of independence and refistauce
to the powers brought against us for our sub
jugation.
I hey werp adopted by the following vote.
Those who voted in in the affirmative were
Messrs. Adams, of Davidson, Arendell, Ay
cock, Bagley, Blount, Carruway, Copeland,
Ellis, Faison, Harriss, of Fiaoklin, Lassiter,
Mitthews, Murrijl, Neal, Outlaw, Patton,
Pitch ford, Powell, Sanders, Simpson, Sharpe,
Ssnith.of Anson, Smith, of Macon, Smith, of
Stanly, Taylor, of Chatham Taylor, of Nash,
Warren, Wiggins, Wooley, Wright and
Young 32.
Those who voted in the negative
Messrs. liarriss, of Rutherford, and
were
Tat-
nck-t2.
These resolutions were transmitted to the
House for concurrence. On their presenta
tion in that branch. JJt. Cobb offered the
following amendment :
Resolved, That we have full confidence io
the integrity and patriotism of the President
of the Confederate "S'ates, and congratulate
him and the who'e couutry upon the success
6f the cause.
Rtsolved, That to the soldiers of the State
who have nobly met the dangers of this war,
ve are under a deep debt of gratitude for tho
vOor and fortitude with which they have de
fended us from the assaults of our enemies in
this cruel war, so unjustly forced upon us.
Mr. Carter called for a division of the question-as
to Mr Cobb's amendment, and the
question being shall the first of .Mr. Cobb's
resolutions be adopted, Mr. Cobb called for the
yeas and nays.
1 hof-e who voted in the affirmative are
Messrs Bernhardt, Bcall, Brown, Bryan, Car
ter, Cobb, Costner, Crawford, Davis, Foy,
Francis, Gaskins, Gentry, George, Gilliam,
Grier, Hampton, Harris of Cabarrus, Harris
of Chatham, Hawes, Henry of Henderson,
Headcn, Hodges, Joyner, Jndkins. Keener.
Kit-by, LeirMiionds, Logan, L;ve, Manning,
McRae, Pearce, Peebles, Person, Powell,
Reynolds, Rhodes, Richardson, Rheiohardt,
Rives, Robers"ii, Russ, Shepherd, Stancill
Vanh and Williams 47.
Those who voted in the negative are Messrs.
Allison, Albritton, Avera,Barriuger, Benbury,
iiest, 15onl, liurgin, Uarpenter, Uraig, Dunn,
Flynt, Glenn, Greeue, Grissom, Harrison,
Henry, of Bertie, Howard,. Horton, Ingram,
Jenkins, Kern?r, Laws, Leathers, Mann of
Hyde, McCormick, McNeil, Nissen, Parks,
Patterson,' Ri t tr, Robins Rogers, Russell of
Brunswick, Sherwood, Smiih of Guilford,
Smith of Washington, Wal!in, Walser, Wel-
born, Young of Irsdell, Young of Yancey
42.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The second resolution of Mr. Cobb
unanimously adopted.
was
The question recurrefVtipon ths passage of
the resolutions in relation to Gov. Vaoco
when a division of the question was agaius
called for, and the first resolution endorsing
Gov. Vance, was voted for with the following
result.
Those who voted in the affirmative are,
Messrs. Allison, Albritton, Amis, Avera
Bernhardt. Barringef , Beall. Beam, Benbury
Best, Bond, Brown, Bryan, Borgin, Burns,
Carter, Cobb, Costner, Craig, Crawford, Davis,
Dunn, yut, boy, Francu, Gaskins, Gentry.
George, Gilliam, Glenn, Grier. Grissom,
Ha tup tori, Harris of Cabarrus, Harris of
Chatham, Harrison, Hawes, Henry, of Hen
derson, Headen, Hodges, Howard, Horton,
Ingram, Jenkins, Joyner, Judkin, Keener,
Kerner, Kirby, Laws, Leathers, Leramonds,
Logan, Long, Love, Lyle, Mann of Hyde,
Manning, McCormick, McKay, McRae, Nis
sen, Parks, Patterson, Peace, Peebles, Person,
Powell, Reynolds, Rhodes, Richardon, Rein
hardt,Riddick, Rives, Rohbins, Russ, Russell
of Brunswick, Shepherd, SherwoKi, Shober,
Smith of Guilferd, Smith of Washington,
Spruill, Standi, Vann, Wallin, Walser, Well
boru, Williams, Young of Iredell, Young of
Yancey 92.
Tnose who voted in the negative are Messrs.
Henry of Bertie, Carpenter and Rogers 3.
The resolution was agreed to.
The question now recurred upon tbe adop-
The question then. recurred upon the adop
tior of Mr. Cobb's resolution endorsing Pres
ident Davis.
Those- who voted in the affirmative are
Messrs. Amis, Bernhardt, Barringer, Beal,
Benbury, Brown, Burgin,Bryan, Burnes, Car
ter, obb, Costner, Crawford, DaVis, Dunn,
Foy, Francis, Gaskins, Gentry, George, Gil
liam, Glenn, Grier, Hampton, Harris of Ca
barrus. Harris of Chatham. Harrison, Hawes,
Henry, of Henderson, Headen, Hodges, How
ardHorton, Joyaer, Judkins, Keener, Kerner,
Kirbyy Laws, Leathers, Lemmonds, Logan,
Long, Love, Mann of Hyde, Manning-, Mc
Cormick, McKay, McNeill, McRae, Parks,
Patterson, Peebles, Person, Powell, Reynolds,
Rhodes, Richardson, Reinhardt, Rives, Robin
son, Russ, Shepherd, Sherwood; Shober,
Smith of Washington, Stancill, Vann, Walser
and-Williams 70.
Those who voted in the negative were
Messrs. Allison, Avera, Best, Bond, Carpen
ter, Cowles, Craig, Green, 'Grissom, Henry of
Bertie, Holliugsworth, Ingram, Jenkins, Lyle,
Nisson, Rilter. Robins, Rogers, Russell of
Brunswick, Sprain, Wallen, Wei born, Young
of Iredell, and Ycung of Yancey 24.
To lite Voters of Catairba county.
PKUOW CITIZENS AND I) MOTHER
1 . SOLD ICRS liy tbe request of mny friend
I announce mfelf a candidate for . Sheriff .f
Catawba ccnaty. ft is well known that I h,ni
bet'n a soldier for ncmly two year; aad should I
be elected, an 4 escape the dangers of this urn
trier's campaign, 1 wid endeavor to serve tou to
the best tf my ability. I an trulr in hope t.
hear of a largo majoritr in favor ofroar obdir.t
servant, on the ut Thursday In Aagust next J
am your son and brother,
A private id Co. rMlleit's Uattalir, l.t. h
assigned to Co. I, 4Dth C. Readuient.
junel5-25-v6t .
COMMITTED
TOTriE JAIL OE WAKE COUNTY. AS
runway, .n the 5th of Mhv. i retro wo
man, who rays her nmt i. SALLY DRY V N'T
Hnd that sho was raised in J nnoe innf k X. T
LFinch. heha'Lon when pommin i j .
. w . n
property, pay charges nnd tik l er away, cr shv
W. H. HIGH, Shtriff.
92-dlt4wtf
the Jail of Caiawb, a dark NKCUO mail
wl UASAM, and that he U the pmprrtv of
Hugh Cat lyle and Geo. Iltndersnn of C
Wvn i -i iL i "KbTK.V. Jailor!
ewt0D N- C. April 13th 1K64. RD. 20 12-wfini
STATE OF XORTI! CAUOLIXA,
1 ITT iOONTT.
Court of Pleas and Quarter Sessions Mav
Term, 3
Henrv Shepp.ird, Adm'r of
Jos. A. Williams, dee'd
vs.
Petition todrnda
Slaves.
Distributers of
Jo. A. Williams, deceased, f
notifying the said defendants of the
petition, to appear and answer, Ac, at the m xi
Term of this Court, or judgment pro conV will
oe grnnieu uaiusc cnern.
. o,. UL0 A DACET, C. C.C.
j.une 8-19 w6t
STATE OF NORTH CAK0LLVA.
ASHB CoUNTT.
Superior Court of Law, Spring Z& m 18G4.
John C. Plummer J
. ' f Original Attaehmeat.
Ra'ph Blenns. )
It appearinir to the satisfaction of tho Court tint
the datendant Ralph Blerins is not within !,-
iurisdiction of this Court : It is ordered that pub
lication be made in th weeklv Covfrdernte for
i . i . i .
wrc.s, iwmininuiDj- ioe sam new noant to b nti-l
appear at the next tfrm of the Superior Court of
aw io oe neia eor. tho counfy orAt.be, t tho
Court House in Jefferson, on the 4th Monday alt- r
the 4th Monday in August neit. then and t!i-r
to plead and replevy in the laid causV, ntbertvio
nnai juagemeat will be rendered arainst hiio.
VVitneis K. C. Bartlctte Clerk ofur said Comt
at office the 4th Moradar after the 4th M-i("Hr ia
February, 1864. E. C. BAUTLETE. C. S. C.
Junc29wCt
OTATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, CAT. A It I! IS
OCounty . Court of Pleas and Ouart. r Sinnr.
April Term, 1864.
M. M. Misenheimcr, adm'r'
I. M. Misenheimcr, adm'r"!
of D. C. Wilhelm, f Petit
v. r
l. M. Wilhelm & other?, )
tition to sell land.
It appearing: to tho satisfaction of tho Court
that Ooorge Logan and wife Nancv, and A. M.
Wilhelm are not inhabitants of this State, it n
ordered bv th-- Court that publication be mad.
tor six weens in the Weekly Confederate for .id
defendants to appear at the next term of this
court, to be held for the county of Cabarrus, Ht
the court house in Concord on the third Mond iy
in Julv next, and show cause if any they ha.-,
why the lands described in the petition sWild n;t
bepold according to the pravers of th petition.
Witness, Joseph Young, Clerk of our said Court
at otlice in Concord, the third Monday in April
A. D. 1864. JOSEPH YOUN'O, Clerk.
ma 4-wCt pr. avd. $36.
GOOD 5BWS! 'GOOD' SEWS 'V
NEW BOOKS!
OUR OWN PUBLICATIONS.
Johnson's Common School Arithmetic, $ '.i
The Dixie Elementary Spellinsr Book, 3 00
The Jack Morgan Songs er, (50 per 100) 1 oo
Love and Liberty Sons? ($40, per 100) 76
The above books arc just from tho press.
Primary Geography,
York's English Grammar;
First Hook in Composition, by L Branson,
mil's Poems, by Theo II Hill,
Morven and Linda, by Bev A W Maugara,
Dixie Primer, Pictorial, third edition,
First Dixie Header, by M R Moore,
Myrtle Leaves, by Rev A VV Mancum.
2 r)
'1
2 -.0
1 oQ
:'.
r
4
2 (J.)
I2r Tlie above books aro sold at one-third oil'
to the trade.
OTHER BOOKS ON HAND.
MISCELLANKOLTS BOOKS.
nunten's Piano Forte Instructor, 3
Lander's Arithmetic, 2
Hinrrham'tf Latin Grammar, 4
Wesleyan Catechism .Vo. 1,
Wesleyan Catechism, So. 2,
Lansdell's Qntechism,
Camp and Field, by Dr Joseph Cross, 3
Lite of Stonewall Jackson, 5
(0
2i
V
7."
3 i )
: 5f
;j o
1 oo
3 o('
3 oO
3 (HI
2 m
m
75
The War and its Heroes, Illustrated,
Southern Model Letter Writer,
Rival Adraintstrati .ns, E n Pollard,
Scriptural Views of National Trials,
Romantic Passages in S. W. History,
Diary of the War,
The Seige of Vickburg,
The Sunday School Bell,
The Sabbath School Wreath,
Plowing and Ditching,
Fun for the Camp,
The Camp Jester,
Neeley's Discourses,
Dr. Deems' Sermons,
Moral and Religious Anecdotes, SvolSj
The Age A New Monthly,
Southern Literary Messenger,
Stonewall Jackson's Portrait,
Dr. Deems' Portrait,
Grote'a History of Greece, in 12 vols,
Bancroft's History United States, 7 vols.,
ft!."
f,0
00
f.O
2 0
12 00
2 ol
2 f,r
i r.o
1 7o
125 DO
85 (lit
Abbot s Illustrated Histories, each 7
Second Year of the War, C
Mountain Violet, by Kev T M Baker, 1
m
m
A Few Chestnuts for the Children, by Undo
Charles, 1 50
A Sunday Scheel in Every Church, by Rev
is Man iv,
Words of Comfort, by n F Buckncr,
Robert Cu?hman or the Rival Students,
The Little Preacher, by Uncle Charles,
Life of T C Wimberly, by Uncle Charles,
Soldier Hoy Songster,
Stonewall Sonfter,
Cotton Field Melodies,
O MILITARY BOOKS.
Napoleon's Maxims of War, ,
Bayonet Exercise and Skirmish Drill,
Volunteer's Field and Camp Book,'
General Orders,
Warren's Surpery,
School of tbe Guides,
25
7
t
W
(t0
2S
25
CO
ti')
50
NOVELS.
Hacaria, br Mis Evans, 5 CO
Master William Mitten, by Judge Loagstreet, 5 (0
Duacaa Anair, oruapturen in hfcapiag,
Lady Audlet's Secret, by M E Braddon,
Robert and Harcld, by It F Gouldiag,
Eleanor's Victory,
Lea Miserables Faotine,
St. Denais,
" " Jean, Valjeaa,
Raids and Romance of Morgan and Mea,
Field and Fireside Novelette,
Silas Marner. bv Miss Evan,
The Battle of the Bards . 3 00
CSy Those ordering books to be sent p. r
mail must remit 10 cents extra on the dollar
to pay postage. BARNSON L FARRAR.
July 1-13 Rileigh, N. C.
ton dress. tfh-n alnt 25 jenrs old, 5 foot 2 irr'j
esbish. fciendcr, colr Mack, to upper front
teeth out, and rather flow spoken. The owner
of s ud ner.) is r. -uieted to came for.,r.l ,
TT APPFAUI.Va TO THK SATISFACTION
of the Court, that U. It. Foreman and wit.,
defendants in this case, are non-resident- of t' i
State: It is orderfd by the Court, that puMir.
tion be made for six weeks in tho Ca,n,ln!.
f)0
w
00
00
Hi
00
50
to
00