THE CONFEDERATE.
IVKBXES2AY. 2aj '23, 1SW.
GOVERNOR'S MESSAGE.
77tC Honorable.
the Lmicrci ArttrnVy of Xor(h Carcliua:
!rceyrur last a "'nrnmert, various and
'rrp rtaut change? in the situati-m of our af
fairs have c-ccurred, and many of them require
: ;;::iiive action at your hand..
The 1 .It v.ct i f Cougre-s conferring poweT
i! Vf'zll.nt of the Confederate State,
rogubtiou aud rfstrictions on cotn-rr.-r.
. S.v ivc:i to such a system, n tho
j m i :!.e C lifJcm.te authorities, as will cf-
i k v h;.h- thir StaU from impoiting
w.y r s'lVp'.if? for the army or people.
I - i.'7 Wiitrrngnn U now more tffj
' vl-- lidrd J'tvtti trithut th.ln withou.
I'.-rwi- import upon b'uip oAure, beinjj
cvh , '.itavy li io iucare by every
v.ac aL! not-wdthsttnding the sad act
j,r -iVs : "That nothing in this act shall be
ot ttro'd to prchil.it the IXnfe-Ieiate States,
j;- ay of tLeni, from iniportiuj.- a:y of the
herein e-vfisrat.'d liir own ac
, - - .i- i o '"r.'trtJf-1 bv th ( v-'
r-"T1", as to rr'fiTi ti.e St ate to cu; m't to
" si.-2 :e ms a are iri...o-:I on private
j irt? : sr. t e!.-ara-.C'iS are refuse! and the
ci t o f rifi b n- i r.N:;t to be.r upon
. ! vrr vejre!-to c.ennel a C'np!iant.
Vr.vpre parties importing .-.ppius for the
rv-r!,ni'::.;. by contract, ior enormous pro
s.., nra . f tX'?d by those r ;alaiions ; yet
;-n St,.. to -if N' rih C'.ruliua, ir. roriiu atru. se.
iuc sum-; a; tides for ti-c -v-..-tc purp-js?, is
t iri.jii'- i i Mioinit io incixi. i uccm it in
tor.iiceM vvith the public iutent t refer
u ix par;-juhiiy tj cur lI-Aal'-rua'd:!:;
truc-ic;! :.r..; tr.c rs wnic" the ;te wiu
.-urfi r c:, l h ;!.p- a .! -npp'ips oi h i d, :f J
t'.fcce rci.'.iMoi-j v:.iii.:ie io t rtv. When j
this U cn-:.!erol '.viili ilie S t; i ucr f.ict, as I
h.ld it. t:..i; the; .-t--eru! govern rr.cnt l.a? no
r r : 1 1 t r--,-h;!l 'icv -'the ia-
i'ye' i vnjont?e h-r Mipiyhttv leinJ
tl- te'ti!-.' .i it--.! ?t-tic' C t.ivI lP-j: to
t
- corniu rcf. it
b.ri rr - v:r proving to demand a r. jwjal cr
moditioatii'U ut the art, ami J ret.i.u J, imJ
rceMiy i .oLaitiuv. wt vuu u- to. Ai.u i i
cit Cju.i-.s ilitjM dwiias t repeal or
a.od:fy ih awt, I risictiul'y " -; diioc
t:rn a- to wht T Ai da v'.?h 'h0 s; a&d
nnjilie uTi hau i. A ti-iA.u-i ? iti !U- nt of
Hie: ippi-j t-i'f-tbtr ki.iio.i acco as
.i'.xuruU :'jitcau 1 v. ivL.t t t .ti fr tx
petiditares s broad nr,t vt-t ii-ived, i htrer
with suhriittoi t'trthr wit. :St? re.it of
Mr. John hue. our special Liiii.-iouer V
tiaropt-. iu relVieucc to this entieraan, ii L
di. to hin. iLat I t-:.. ::: ay, that 1 have
ev ry rea?on to be aS3d with the sKil! and
fidelity with which he prrformed ihe duties
vt his diilic .lt Uiisiiv-a. A report ot the opera
tions of our eth;j C.tumi?i uncr, Cl. i). K.
y.i ll(t riC?:ry irei.iiphtcf i p.U-j sub
:r:tt-i. an l wi'I I believe he found fpial!y
r.'i5faot:ry, at.ii cieditable to him as Com
i is?;: ut-r. lu tiijji cvAii.tcUoii, I rcsptxtfuil'
i uj.iL:c.e:.t cf a coiiiinittvc to
.; .i ;rc .dS p'uJJrs app-rtat! iri o tha
' "'" 4(N rt"rM- the . to l app.iu.
i At -.ti f.iriy ray, so a reK!t to vur
j't. t .. r-o . , ki pttiziutC. .SO ip!l liprii.ti'.lii
. : - t .t-r. i a Ic by your iiouorab'e body to pay
t.. "iirci.t txper.cca ot the erfU ci caod
r ''iiT-'n-r ti t, blockade, ajd none mtiII bo
:.- rriu . thrsaj expet.sf- cv.n Le i:d b'
l.:rt v:ii5, dra.c t;u ur sgruL iu loi.u. 2,
. i t.;:.;; i.;urred :;i Wila.-hju.w cLu-ily for
;y; M s., connected with the luj iia ami
i;-!'uhi.2 vessel, cotnj.rtjin cotton,
Aud iLey cuti be cicchitrd in cv.rreny I
v.Miitd u... ih it t ta .4t.!ts th- ire;vi-
money
!i ti:" I r;s:ry, r.T"l f!'.: J-c;- ti.o
:r!i;
oth'T.vire
.' -ti 1 1 ivo to by put ou tiii; ecral jji ti ket,
ie hbi toiue State
i).it. tviivlt.cej from exnerieore that th
'"I'.'.iTr.ne bclr.f.s tfiw otti', nuv fuiir-fold
i'-t th forrticrly, is riullioitfnt to Uix li
iiiv enerio t f mind asct toityt aud that. I
tJiu.'t vto jtloliCAi to iho lit -icS-oJ LiivJ Sta to
ti. a hiues.jj ciplicttd, a& muy ut th-i
t ctIot ' f which is carried on at snjh a
d;7-e. I respectfully recommend that a couj-m-s-'nn
ft r-'.ic or more gentleman, k ilic'l in
otjCLi Lutineba, be appuiuiod to conduct the
ft.ti.ie tperatLt.s of tiio Slate, in iniportin2
:-:ipp.:e., whcti.cr for tue f urpese of conttna
v.:v the operafins or winding: t:p the business.
A. ? ort of the Adjutant Genera 1 civtrinpj
r-.-n-Tt f his tub rdinates in the iffcret.t de
i '?.!. ;s tu-revvuii subiuitteil.
I ao imrtcsuent vi property of cirz ns by
f-::;.-.-r ...it u a's' t the G.m. federate li ve!n
. t-iit, Lar.-'i enough iu has ,ecoray
a so. y th3 ct)ntaut d regird of tl:o
r v o t.n if th law rrgulat.r.j; stizuiea li
, 1 tini-ii to thto, ih C traut outrages commit
f'i in ovrrypnrtof tha Cvuutry by btr giiu
pj.i.i.-r, aud otner pt&ou6 iu the Confederals
. t r vice, haviu; uo h.ido w of authority to ini
rrii p. op-: ty , hj bcc-&.e u gi levants almost
u t'Mfiuble. Arcciialof many ini'aneesof uch,
wi.ioh have been brought to iov knowledge,
wou'd ssbc-ck the rxiorai solj of tha motr
hartlea.
1 have urjed in vain upn tho autho ities
of the Cotifedericy to cheek this evil, and
have med eve ry possible effort to do so myself.
I Jut it -em to jjrow vorse. and as the sup- .
pliea of our people become more scant they
i-el more sensibly this unju&t dpriitiou of
their property, which reduces them almost to
tr.e vere of starratioa. It mu.t be stopped,
u ossible; and I earnestly recommend such
action on yuur part as you may think beit; .
calculated to aid me iu remedying the evil.
II y correspondence with the War Department
: this subject is submittal for your consid
eration. I desire to call your aUection s 8
r:a'!y hi certain enactrnet tof the last Crjgroii
of tne Confederate Statea. Atioug them in
!! iKt oding tha age of conscription from 17
r 1 rind from 43 to oO years, which forco is
o orsatized as a State reM;rve tbeir nun-
patiy officers to be elected, and the held ofiioera
appointed by tlse Pre&ideut, aud all to ba
under his command.
In addition to the great injury to be appre
hended to the anicuhural interest of the coun
try, should these men be ordered into actual
oervic, I have to remind you that it wilJ
tibtoib tho entire militia force of the State,
ir! T?culd leave the Incentive with no force
whatever except State officer a condition .
dangerous at once to the peUce.and order of
the iuw,and to its sovereignty ani dignity.
There can scarcely be a doubt of the inexpe
diency of this act as to this State ; 'since, tho
a-itr men, with the exooption of boys from 17
to IS, are now very thoroughly organized ad -Home
Uuards uud.r State authority, and hve
been heretcfore and would be taiu pr jtnptiy
turucd out in oases of great public dinner.
Grave donbts are also entertaiaed of ite con
st itutionabty; the forces raised under it being
to i! iutenttand purposes militia, the control
?f r?r--4; '.atiiyt tc Ird'v t-tk'.n from tbc
Executive of the State govern ment--at least
so Tar as the appointment and commissioning
of officers is concerned. Should you, however,
in the absence of a judicial decision as to the
constitutionality of the act, decline to 'take
the responsibility of refusing agsent to it, there
Trill be ah indispensable necessity of your con
at:tuting some militia for the preservation of
law and order in the State by extending the
age of bervice in the militia, and by some ntw
e-rganization of the remnants of the uiilitia
and Home Guard organizations; otherwise 1
shall hate on my Mods the officers of two
distinct or2antzati'-ns. powerless for the want
of mn. In this connection I would mention
tha the same act of Congress ha? again con
ferred of on roe. without reference (o the
IgiKitui?, the power Io claim theexeinption
of such State orS'-era as I may deem necessary
lor the due itduiiuistration of the laws. .Not
wishing io tike bo important a. responsibility
upon my h.-u!ders. without consulting the
representative!? cf the people, I have so far
claimed the exemption of all civil and military
oCcers of the State, together with the iudu
pcnsible employees cf the different depart
ments of the State government, as enumerated
by your body at its late extra session. And
l now respectfully ask that you indicate to mc
by resolution, what persons you regard an
proper uhjects f.r exemption.
-I have taken the groun that exemption of
Stnte officers from conscription into ha Gu
fedcrate service is not by favor of Congress,
Lut is a matter of right iuberent in a sovereign
State. M.d thit ftr the same reason the Stato
his an indisTji. table rip-ht to the services of
laborers and other persons who are necessarily
iu Ler en3p!oy, though they he not officers
within the meaning of the not oi Corgress.
Shovli you again agree with n:e in t!iis oj)in
in, I would he. hnpny to be sustain! by a
resolution to that e;f?ct.
Shoulil you conclude to combioe vhe Home
Guard3a&d militia orafzatiot:, I reeomuiend
that the Utter ha prrsrrvM. T should regret
exceed'eiy to e the militia ahohshed, and
tin organization destroyed, it is the ancient
iid liuie-h uoted military iuetitur on o the
tate, fit r t;id:ii depndenee, iu rdi .;try tiuit-s,
i r the suppression of reVoliiou and !.: 'Ih.g
of invs!in, and though shora of it9 stiiiiss
by the rising of Lrrc.it armies. nd despi iU
ntuny shor-comins. it has Ueu 'f fre,i ser
vice both to the State .d Coufed-rucy diiring
this war.
Amoug tho actsof Congress referred to, that
which has suspended the privilege of habeas
corpus has most thoroughly aroused the pub
lic aitciitio". Neither the losses incurred by
the radical and sudden changes in the cur
rency, nrr the conscription of the priufipals
of substitute, nor the extension ot ic to such
an age, and upon such terms as to place tiie
iiidastrni pursuits of the country at thcleel
of the Praddent, n.r the heavy burthens of
taxation none of these, nor all of thfni to
gether, have to ar.'akeucd the public feeling as
the withdrawal of this time-honored and
bUxxl-ltought gvnrd of personal freedom from
the people in times when it is most needed for
thir protf ction. It is true that our forefathers
assumed, a..d this generation ha3 conceded,
that it CJOC6 of rebellion and in vagina, the
public safety iay somctim rrfjiire its sus
pension ; aud, therefore, we L.vve conferre-l
on Congress the power of suspoiisiou in such
case?, v.i;-j th pjJblfc srtj'etj iuay require it.
Nr r cn it be doubted that tiie power author
i' dto snspond i3tLes;!e pj'ver ei.tirlo 2 to
j id;-o t!, necessity for the act, aud it toe
late slat me had merely prohibited aud oat
the n ' of the writ for toe time sp-jci5ed, there
could V'O no eomplr.iat ac:;iiDr its constitu
tionality, huwever ill-tirn.ed and udneccs;ry
may have Lecu the cxerci.-e of a ricor sogrent.
But I have been uS liable Lu fee, iu the tstnes.
any tiCct-.iy for denyiug tLj rii, I am tn
reeor:izc in the law the eoustitu!inal exr
cise of the favor that is granted. Concurring
in the doc:rino that the protection against the
abuse of iLe coulitutien of ihe C nf.d rata
State.-,
Tre?3;.'
lit:
9 US-'
U:-Urr2t!y!J O i OWe IS or (;I-
of such are g'.ited, l? to l-e
fourdiu the responsibility of Congress to the
people, ensured by thir fthrt teuure t oii'x e,
and !e reserved right cf rach Stuf to res;:in
the powers flelegatvl io the Confederal'-- guv
errrrent, vhnev r in her judgment they are
perverted to the inj-iry or oppression of l! e
people, I deem it r. duty dcViU cd uu the Scale,
t!;:utigh h r proper crgirs, tjE.ake Uuoa-u to
that government lier complain ti ar d to insist
upon a retires5? nf her grievances. Undr this
idea of duty, aud in a spirit of regard for the
government of e-ur adoliou, 1 deeui it iuenrn
bent to prccLt my objewlioLi agaiuist the
late ret.
It is de?:!ared in the preamble, that "the
President has asked for the suspension, and
ink uicd Congress of conditions of puuiic dan
ger which render a susper. ?u of t!o writ a
m-asvire pr yr f(ir the pub'ic defence ap;:niist
invasion aud insurrection." Tlrefore it is
exacted that, the writ sh 'l be suspended
ot "rhe cr.scs of persons arresfeil or dtau ed
byorderof the President, Secretary of War,
or the General Orhcer commandiur the Traiio
Mississippi military department."
The stauite proceeds to classify under thir
teen heads a very great number of acls, f
which,.! f a man be accused, he shall be d -prived
of the bericfit of the writ; and amoug
them the act of attempting to 44 avoid military
scrvicvV To prevent the outrage which may
be perp.-Ualcu on au iuaoceut uia not iu jeet
to military service for merely atterjptiug :to
avoid military service," unlawfully demandel,
it is provided tb,3t 'in case of palpable wrong
and oppression hy any subt-rdinate otiicer up
pou any pgrtv who does not legally owe mili
tary service, his susperior shall rant prompt
relief to the oppressed party,' ami 'thc subor
dinate shall be dismissed from office."
And as a general protection of the citizens
against abti!es, under the act, it is provided,
that "the President shall cause proper oSL'crs
to investigate the cases of all p.nos so arrest
ed or detained, iu crer that thvy ::;ay be dis
charged if improper'' detr.iued, unless the
can be speedily tried in due course cf law.'
And, finally, It is enacted that "no military
or ether cfticei shall be compelled iu answer
to any writ of kalns corpus to appear iu per-,
sea or tj return the body of any person detain
ed by the authority of tho President, Secre
tary "cf War" &c; "but upon the certificate,
under oath, of the officer having charge of any
one so retained that such person is detained by
him for any of the causes specified in the act
under said authority, farther proceedings un
der the writ shall immediately cease?'
In order to ascertain whether the enactment
is within the powers delegated, U is proper to
keep in mind what are the privileges of the
writ of habeas corpus, and we shall be sure to
know what can be affected constitutionally, by
a suspension of it. This writ is the o&priog
of the love of liberty, and has been iu use fur
ages by our ancestors and ousel ves, us tbu
hand-maid of freedom. Jts use is to have en
quiry, made according to the tults of la-, -of
the causes why persons are restrained of their
civil freedom. If upon enquiry by the proper
authority, there be no cause for Kt3iition, the
person is set at liberty. If there cau be cause
he is remanded for lusher detention, or allow
ed t' go ,v. Ir
rp'n ba:'. Xow, ttv.s
c ate
all the privileges of tha writ r habeas wr pus '
The writ fiuds no plaa r action "'until fter
the person is arroted. So .that if there bo
any privileges or securities to the person at
tending the mode of arrest, ihse are nt the
privileges of the w rit of htijetu corpus, but
.exist, independently f then.. Aud it is
therefore clear that n power to suspeud the
privileges of the writ is ri jt a power to suspend
the privileges secured m forms attending the
mode of arrest. They are loo distinct to be
confounded by any peices of sophistry; and
this distinction is, plainly and notably o served
in the bill to suspend the writ, passed through
the Senate in January, 1807; which suspend
ed it only when the person may have been
"charged on oath," and arrested by virtue of
'a warrant." The Mint va; as. -effectually
suspended bv tbat bill cs by this aet, and the I
Const itqri
ional jwein,i? atndm the inifi of
arrest, were left untouchexl and unimpaired.
It may be then regarded as settled truth, that
the suspension of the writ is no suspension of
the Constitutional forma prescribed for arrest,
and that Congress ias no power, express or
implied, to suscnd any other guaiantee of
civil liberty provhred, in the Constitution be
suls those secured by the writ alone. Jot
withstanding thi, the Ute act has strode over
some of the most itnportaut guards of civil
liberty, as if an express power had been con
fvrred on Congress to suspend thum likewise.
Thus, while by paragraph 3, sec. 9, it is allow
ed Congress to suspend the privileges of the
writ of habeas corpus in the emergencies
mentioned, it is by the sirse section, para
graph 13, iu the most emphatic terms., declar
ed that "No warrant &hal! issue but upon pro
bable cause, supported hy o-ith or affirmation,
and particularly describing the person to be
seize 1. Aud by p-ir.vgraph 1G, that "no per
son sha'd be deprived of his liberty without
! due process cf Iw'' tLat is, "Liwiuits regular
course of .administration, through courts of
justice, ' (1 rvents Uoui. &ec Vi, paragraphs
Vi 14) 1 he beginning of this due proce.-s
j is iirst the charge on oath, and the next step
is the wairant de'sciii-iui; the person to be
; seiz d. "The;tidrdis the arrest, and until this
I taks place the habe i corpus has no status,
: a-.o raniiot possibly have any. At this point
; ise writ springs in'o being, if not denied, and
j s I.eir only its aid can be sought f;r the first
, ii: e; d j licre for the; first time can its privi-
: be derived. Yet the act involves with its
ueusioii, a supensim of the distinct and
; iuie-eudent provid ns which guard the citi
' ."ii against a false charge and the dangers of
! a lieuerul warrant.
j In my judgment Congress had the same j
power to suspend every other guard of civil lib
i criy to he found in the constitution the same
! to deprive the citiz'u of the guaranty that he
I should not be held to answer for a capital
S crime., unless oa pre-entmeut or indict meijt of
j a ratai jury that he should not be compell
ed to be a witness against himselt that he
should have the light to a speedy ud public
tri iS by au impartial jury, nnd a trial in the
j district in which the crime shall have been
j cum milted
j The writ of habeas corpus is peculiar to the
English people and ourselves. Aud a complete
! illustration of the operation of a suspension of
j its privileges wid be seeu by supposing that it
I ha t no existence here. Iu such ease no provi-
I bloo would iuive t een found for its suspension.
I Li nf hit .. .... ffflMl (1 A li .1 "I v i S 1 f.rt k 1
I be n ale on oath and warrant, to describe the
p.-,sou to be seizor!, would have been not only
j very proper, but the more necessary to be ;r;-
.btrua These could not have bevn legally
uu.tuiuo.1 uy voiet, i.o any irgi s..i. m. . o.s-
petisi !.g with them bad been mer usurpitiou
! M,,a Vfc,UK 1 on our statute books. .But whether for con-
j Sucn wthegrneral v.ew have taken of the j stitutioual reasons or reasons of mere policy,
j act ;.s it is supposed to relate t. crime. B it j ,he p3upje have a r'ulit to demand the repeal
; tu statute ss construed .6 r.acli casts involving ( 0 any obnoxious law. U i b.tli grounds I
! "'h-nce whatever, icgai or n.rui; and though 1 recommend that you ure 0nn2res' to rejieal
! there is some difTerenee of opiidou. upon the j lne act 5u.spendiu the privilege of habeas cor
j qotitiou whetntT p.ragraph o ot sec. 1. em- pUS; or, should you concur in the judgment
. lo jteoLhe ease of a citizen uot liable to mill- j f G,njTress. that a suspension is required by
lsify vy neitlif u,,r it-ists, hut j tiie ext-encies of the times, tha: it should at
. mply apfKM.s or tries to appeal to Lie consti- e.,,, tnadili('d aud stripped of i,s uncousti
t tuitooal reposi'ors.offhe Itw in- a decisiwu tuti-.nal or fat least) obn .xious featutes.
upon his lights.: et there is too much re isou Mv oninion on this subject is well known.
to neuevu !?.or tlie i.'inu-tie is susceptloie ot
? toe luLerpn tatiOM tnat iidis lnciuue t-ucii per-
sons; ai.d such is tiie iuterpietutiuu put upon
j it by the iuilitury autho. iiies. And as the
snsperjsiou vaS htked by the President, it is
but just to infer that
was dravvii to suit
him, and his exposition carries the intended
ine.uuiiiT of tiie puragrapu.
I am unable to see auy ieaou cousisteut with
the principles of a free and civilized government
provided with a judiciary as a great aud in
I tipendent branch of its composition, for suspend
! ing the habeas corpus la cases which involve no
j evasion or attempt to evade military service
that is due, but which merely asks when honest
differ to have the point settled bv those
which settle all hatters of controversy
t opinions
i tribunals
between cituen and citizen, nd a citizen and
, ins government, if a citizen owe not any
i iiiiiitary si:rvica to toe government, he has as
', much right to refuse to reader it, when wrong
; fully claimed of him, as he has to refuse to pay
j a debt to tbe guveruaicut wrungiully claimed of
j him ; and if iu both cases he stands fairly up
and submits to au investigation of the question
before those tribunals learned iu such matters
I and appointed because of their fi tneso and skill;
i U would be just as reasonable to suspend the
writ in the alleged debt cf money asm the case
of tbe alleged debt of service. This course
J might, and likely would, hasten the payment of
i a debt just or unjust ; and so it may serve to
j put meu in the army exempt by the laws of the
laud.
j Tuere is no instance of a suspension at any
I time of the writ, or the privileges of the writ, if
i there be auy difference between them, for auy
j other cause either in England or America
: Many suspensions of tbe privileges of the writ
occurred m r.ngiana netween me passage oi ine
; .habeas cvrpus act and the .Revolution, running
: through a period st almost a ceutary, and they
all empowered the King either to apprelund and
dUain, or to secure and detain vithout bail, such
Jl- - - A . 1
persons as are tuspeettd of conspiracy against the
; King and hia government.
! There was a British act in 1777, which denied
'the writ to "persons taken in the act of high
! treason, committed iu any of the colonies, or
! on the high seas, orn the act of piracy, or who
were charged with or suspeeted of auy of these
crimes." (Hurd. 132.)
The other suspensions in England after our
revolution, commenced in 1394, aud continued at
intervals till
1802, during the storms Of the
lution. They are of the same
French Revolution
character as those before, and affected those
only who were oharged with conspiring against
the King and his government. The suspenoiou
during Shay's rebellion extended to crime or
snspeeted crime. Tbe attempted suspension in
I 1807 was confined to persons charged " with
treason or otner nigh crimes or misdemeanor,
endangering the peace, safety or neutrality of
the United States' The idea cannot be enter-
j tained for a moment that the power of suspeud
i ing the writ was granted ior any such purpose
I as that of depriving a citizen of tbe privilege of
j a legal enquiry into his obligation to perform
i military service, in order to fill the army with
soldiers. If such ajpower exist, the sovereignty
; ot me &tate8 is t tne mercy ox tuo Confederate
Government. Where lies the relief against the
xouscription of the entire body of State officers ?
y tub a?t ii is deposited with the President
alene ! Hi oflkere nlone can jive the discharge
Confedere officers chosen without even the
consent of the Senate; and removed at will. The
appropriate tribunals re entirely overlooked;
the State Judges are thrust aside without cere
mony, and even tho Confederate Judge, who
hohls his cfliee during good behaviour, is ignor
ed, and in their room is p'ttced an officer who
lives on the breath of the Confederate Ex ecu
tive. If the iStnte officers are not put iutothe
army uuder such power in the Kxecutiw, it is
because the iocuuibeut does not will it : and
when the rights ot tbe State shall exist by such
a courtesy, they wili cease to have any cxit
euue at all. It is hard to divine a stfdicient
reason for displacing the civil tribunals already
established, and substituting others so de
pendent upon the Executive for their existence.
The assurance of public mea, that the power
wjll not be abns ed, can never remove the fears
"f freemen, who rely only upon written Consti-
tntions to protect ineir unerties History )8 too
full of wrong to allow them to forget for a mo
ment that eternal vigilance is tke-rice of freedom.
It ismauifest that the act contemplates that
the vnUitary shall be invested with full powers
to arrest. auy person who may be suspected of
any of the vague and iibdeaned charges men
tioned; and each is the interpretation put on it
by the general orders of Adjutant General
Cooper, thus suspending the civil r.uthorlties
throughout the land ; and it is equally clear that
it also contemplates that the oider the Pre-,
sident for arresting or detaining oitizens shall
be n general order to arrest anl detain all such
as may come within tbe category of suspected
persons without naming or describing the
individual and each military offictrwho may
be deputed for tbit purpose will be invested
with a perfect discretion over the liberty of
every citizen in the land. In substance and
effect tbe President is. intended to he empower
ed with authority to fill the land with military
deputies who rny seize any citizen without
warrant or oath of probable cause, under a
general warrant from the Preideut to arrest
ull suspected persons. Suob a warrant is with
out precedent iu England for the list hundred
years, and during the entire century past has
been forbidden, denounced, and declared void.
In my. judgment the President is vested by
the Confederate Constitution with no part of
the judicial authority, except in eases arising
iu the laud and naval forces, or in the militia,
when in actual service under his orders. If
he is vested with a particle of civil judicial ju
risdictiorr where is the tyrant of it, aud how
far does it extend? If he has the power to
isue a warrant for the arrest of a civilian sus
pected of vhjiatiug a law of the Confederate
Stites, he may. mike it returnable a. id exami
nable before himself, aud order a discharge or
require s. ban. it is certain tnat tit suspen
sion of the writ of habeas corpus does not
invest the President with the powers of a civil
judicial magistrate ; and if it could htve that
effect it could not give hini an authority while
discharging his jurisdiction to lay aside the
restraints imposed up''n the other judges.
The course adopted by the administration
of allowing; the "writ of habeas corpus to
issue, and of forthwith checking the action
of tho judge and suspendiDg all his farther
proeeediugs ad libitum, to await the reports
of military officers having custody of tic pe
titioner to their superiors, and finally subject
ino; the case to the decision of the war depart
ment in derogation of civil authority, is
humiliating to the independent character of
tb judiciary, and tends, to the great dasger of
liberty, to familiarize the people with a inili
j ft must be remembered, however, that the.-e
j ,nerely my opinions The Supreme Court,
, which H;oae j.. the .pwer tti c-.jje upon
; t,.e CO:i5tituHonalitv of tho luw, Iia nut yet
pokn. lv. u it does speak, wo mus-t give
heed to its voice, so lonrr as the law remaius
J fn h first m I liAil t.h. h.w.nr r.t.r1
to your body, in 1802, speaking of the then
exis io-r aet authorizing a suspension of tho
writ. I uspd the fo nivi;u' hn'ma " I
hnve not seen au official copy of the act but
, jearn fron, tDe newspapers that Cougress has
conferral upon tho' Prpsident t!iC power to
supnd the writ of habeas corpusui all cases
t of arrests 'made by Confederate authority.
If tuis be once admitted, no .man is sa e from
the power of one individual He could at plea
sure f?' ize any citizen of the Satc. with or
without excuse, throw him into prison and
permit him to languish there without relief
I a lwer llt I am unwilling to see entrusted
l -"J bviag man. To submit to its f x-rcise,
j wou.U, in my opinion, b- establishing a pie
ce lent an ngcrous and pernicious in tne ex
treme," dc.
. There is nothing of th'8 I am desirous of
taking away or adding to. My earnest n
monstrauce agaiust the passage of the prescut
act is herewith transmitted, together with
divers other letters to the Confederate author
ities in relation to the execution of the civil
laws, rights of the people, &c, and which
will convince you, I trust, that I have been
; equally zealous to guard against the inner as
well as the outer dangers which threaten us.
Many reenrriog dangers of serious conflict
with the Confederate government, especially
in relation to tbe principals of sutMbutes af
ter discharge by a judge, have been upon me
since your last session. They wete fortunately
avoided however; but thjir solution' would
have been easy could I but have had the as
sistance of the Supreme Court. I greatly
I . t 1 A. 1-1 4 . 1
regret tnat you oia not see proper to comply
i with my recommendatiou, when you were last
; ij session, to authorize a:e one to convene
I that body in cases of great imuortance, and
which admit of no delat-.. 1 uau but repeat
j it now, for many ob i sua reasons.
Nor have I, amid '.all the embarrassments
j and perplexities of th6 situation, been un
mindful of tue great oojoct t all eur blood
and sudeiiug peace; or neglectful of all
proper and honorable efforts to obtain it
koowiogtthe gat desire of our people to save
the precious blood of their children, if by
any possibility "an opening might be found
j dor the statesmau to supercede ihe soldier,
1 1 approached the President on the first opp ur-
tuuity presented Dy tho cessation of hoitiluies
fast winter, aud urged him to appoint com
missioners and try what might be done by
negotiation. I had little hope, indeed, of'
those commissioners being received by the
eminent of our enemy, but I thought it our
duty, for humanity's sake, to make tbe effort
and to convince our own suffering people, that
their government was tender of their lives
and property aud happiness. .
My letter to the President last Decsinber,
end jfiis reply, are sent herewith for your in
formation. "
. I respectfully recommend that you, as the
representatives of the people of North Car
olina, should lay down what you would con
sider a fair basis of peace, and call upon our
j Representatives in
' whom is commits
Congress, acd those to
y the power ef miking
treaties, by the C tns'fitution, tfl neglect no fit
ting opportunity nf offering such to the enemy.
These terms in my judgment should be no
thing less than the iudepsudence of th se
.Slates, whose destinies have been fairly unit
ed with the Confederacy by the voice of their
pt op!c. aiid the privilege of a 'ree'ehoice to
those which have been, considered doubtful.
I presume that no honorable man or patriot j
could think, of any thing less than independ- '
enco- Less would ba ' subjugatioq, ruinous
a-id dishonorable. Ntibody. at the Isorth
thinks of reconstruction, sijuply because it
imp'-ssible. With a Constitution torn iuto shreds,
with slavery abolished, with our property
confiscated and ourselves and our childrea re
duced to begpary, our slaves put in posses:dnn
of our lands, and invested with equal tights,
social and poliiea1, and ngnat gulf ynwniug
hotweeii tlicr North and South, filled frith tho
bhod of our murdered sons, and its waves
laden witii the debris of our ruined homes,
how can there i c any reconstruction with the
authoia of tuese evils, or how on it be desir
able if it weie possible ? Lincoln himsed'suys
it is not possible so cfcea Mr. Fillmore, a
man whom we once respoele 1; and i do nine
tenths of their orators and presses. The only
terras ever offered ns, contained in Mr. Lin
coln's iafamuus proclamation, were alike de
grading in matter and iusuluug iu maimer,
being addressed nut to the authorities. Confede
rate of State, of tho South, bu.t tj individuals,
urhd by the. very act of accepting its terms
would prove themselves the vilest of man
kind. 1 cannot too earnestly warn you, gentlemen,
and the country, against the great danger of
these insidious attempts of the enemy to se
duce our people into treating wbh him for
peace, individually cr. by the f.ru.....iou of
spurious States or parts of States. Indeed,
I might add, that I lxk upon any attempts to
treat for peace, other than through the regu
lar enauueis provided by our constitution, so
long as our government is maintained, as al
most equally dangerous. It is tho real peril of
the hour. The long; continuance aud bloody char
acter of the war, have so exhausted tbe patUneo
of our suffering people that many of them are in
a condition to listen eagerly to terms cf peace,
withont duly considering what th results would
be, or ho tliey ure to bo required. Au example
of this great danger is to be fouud in tho atloiapt
of the British ruiui.-try iu 1778, to seduce the loy
alty of our fjr j-f:ithera from tho cauce of inde
pendence, by sendiug cninmUtbioriera to tho colo
uies, with tho propositions contained in Lrd
North's conailiatory billis-"" These bills Tjroposed
to abolish all taxation whatever upon the colonies,
except what might be necessary for the conven
ience of commerce the nett proceeds of which
were to go to the use uf the colonics, to suspend
the operations of all obnoxious statutes iu refer
ence to said colonies p issed since 1763, and au
thorized these comtnissioners to pardon all such
persons as they saw proper, and to treat with "the
existing. governments of individuals." Here al
most all the political matters of dispute were con
ceded; but our fathers h.id an orgun zed govern
ment, aud had set their hearts u independence.
Yet the terms offered were so fair, that but for
tho firmness and wisdom of the great and good
George Washington, and the unflinching patriot
ism of Congress, the fate of thin continent might
l av. been changed; bo great was the Weariness
of the people and so gloomy were the prospects.
The danger of allowing commissioners to address
themselves to anybody but Congress vas so great,
as well as such a violation of the laws of war
and international courtesy, that that body, after
promptly rejecting the propositions and declaring
that 'the only sulid proof" of a disposition on
the part of the crown to make an honorable pence
with the colonies, "would be an explicit acknow
ledgement of the independence r-f those Stiles, or
the withdrawal of the fleots underlines" went on
solemnly to declare the measure "to be contrary to
the law of nations, and utterly subvertdvo uf that
confidence which could alone maintain those
means, which had been invented to alleviate the
honors of war; and that, tltertforc, the petaona
employed to distribute aieh papers were not entitled
to the protection of a Jlvj.
General Washington was so astonished and indig
nant, that on its lirst appearing he was induced to
regard it as a forgery, and in a letter to tbe Presi
dent of Congress, be used tbe following language,
remarkable for its severitTt coming from him: "The
enclosed draft of a bill whs brought to Headquart
ers yesterday afternoon by a gentleman, who in
formed me that a large cargo uf them had just
bfvn sent out of Philadelphia. Whether this in
sidious proceeding is genuine and imported in the
pockets, or contrived in Philadelphia, is a point
undetermined and immaterial, but it is certainly
founded in principles tf the mot wicked, diabol
ical baseness, and meant to poison the minds of tbe
people. . and detach the wavering at least from our
cause." And again; "Tbe necessity of putting
the army on a re? pectable footiug, both as to num
bers and constitution, is now become more essen
tial than ever. The enemy are beginning to play
a game more dangerous than their efforts by arras
(though these will not be remitted in the smallest
degree,) which threatens a fatal blow to the ia
dependnce of America, ani of course to her liber
ties. They are endeavoring to ensnare the peop'e
by apecioui ullurementa of peace. It is not impro
bable they have-had such abundant causo to be
tired of the war, that they may be sincere in the
terms which they oiler, which, though far short of
our pretensions, will be extremely flattering to
minds that do not penetrate far into political con
sequences; but whether they are sincere or not,
they may be equally destructive; for to discerning
men nothing can be more evident than that a
peace on the principles of dependence, however
limited, t fter what hai happened, would be to the
laet dr.tjree dishonorable oud ruinou.
It is doubtful whether many of our friends
might not in line to an accommodation on the
grounds held ont, er which may be, rather than
persevere in a contest for independence.
If this ia the case It must surrly be the truest
policy Ui strengthen the army, and place it upon a
substantial footing. This will conduce to instire
the country with confidence; and if a
treaty should be deemed expedient, will put it in
their power to insist upon better terms than they
could otherwise expect."
By such touely counsel did the great Washing
ton sustain the cause of independence buoying up
the hopes of our ancestors and laboring to meet
those insHJious attempts of tho British to decoy
taem into the dangers of seeking peace by irreg
ular and revolutionary methods. Again, ia another
letter to the same person, he says: "It seems to
me nothing short of independence can possibly
do. The injuries we have received from Britain
can never be forgotten; and a peace upon other
terms would be tbe aouree of perpetual feuds and
aitlmobiti;." Tbe civilized world, wharever lib'
erty is worshipped, has with one voice thanked
God for the gift of Washington should we. his
countrymen recipients of the blessings of bis
wisdom aud valor refuse to heed his warning voice!
Strange as it may seem, these "spacious altare
meats of peace," described and denounced by Gen.
Washington, have not been presented by the ene-
mv.
vveareiryiujr to neiuee ourselves. ro great
is the hostility, and so furious tbe fanaticism of the
dominant party at the Xorth, that they have not
even offered us terms that could be regarded by
the most timid and wavering as "alluring." Lin
coln's proclamation is so grossly outrageous- and
so repugnant to our every idea of liberty, prop
erty and honor, as to ensure the rejection of the
terms-it holds out, while It adds weight and gives
a lorn of authority to the oft repeated assertions
of "their public men and presses, that they want
ne compromise, but will only be content with ur
subjugation. - If our enemy were really willing,
under any circumstances, to compromise with us
upon any terms, short of our absolute submission,
tbey would certainly say so, and that to those
whom they know to be authorized to entertain
their propositions. The insidious attempts to in
voke separate, individual aud State action, proves
this conclusively, and can have no other intention
than to plunge us iato civil war aud to subjugate
va beyond redemption. How strange then to think,
as some of our people honestly do, that the very
plan proposed by tbe enemy for our destruction,
is the best way to secure a speedy and honorable
peace I 1 respectfully submit that my plan, based
oa the wisdom and patriotism of Washington, and
tbe universal teaching of history to strengthen
and sustain the army, and negotiate through the
proper channels, is the safer and the better une.
It Miema to ne that tha sife. trna nd htnwTi.
t 'tlte path through all ur tremble, liei in cuaiding
alike against tha de truction of law and liberty
on the ene hand, and tho impatience of the people
under the burdens of wap, on the other; white
with both hands, and with all our strength, and
hearts aud souk, wo uphold and maintain th e
who, even as I write, are battling and bleeding
for the rights and independence- of their country"!
I confess lain not ui those, who seem to think
thegt-ea'test danger to our rights and liberties it
from our own people and our own government.
While struggling toreslit the invisible tendencies
of revolution to destrov civil freedom at hnne, I
cannot forget that the danger from without
threatens the destruction of erery thing. Thafthoro
comes fiom the North a rank and bloody dejpo.
t ism, fierce and fanatical, gory with our people',
blood and blackened by the smoke of tbeir burr.
ing homes, with hordes of armed slaves thirs
ting to oomplcte the demoniac work of wasting
and destroying, and panting to sow salt in the
furrows of the plowshare of desolatioa. as it run
over our raxed cities, and io wbose n'arch
forms of law; constitution, free governments, life,
home, property, all, go down to riie no more, till
God shall implant in the bosoms of a new genera
tion the principles of liberty and love of pace,
which this, in its inadncs, has cast off.
In addition to the many brilliant victories
which have crowned our arms this spring in all
parts of the Confederacy, I have the sincero
pleasure to coagratulate vou upon the very plen
did success of the opening" of the campaign in our
State, resulting ia tht. t e-captare of the towni of
Plymouth and Washington, and tbe recue of a
considerable portion of our territory from the
eueiny. This is the more gratifying because it
was accompJidied by troops under the command
of two distinguished sons of 5orth Carolina Brijc.
now Major General Hoke, commanding the land
forces, and Commander Coote, with the sUam
ratn Albemarle. I doubt not but that you will
see the propriety of rendering suitable thanks to
those gallant officers and the brare officers and
men under their command, for the conspicuous
heroism which has been rewarded by such splen
did results. We cordially and gladly welcome
back our fellow-citizens of that region, thus res
cued from the enen:y, to the embraces of their
mother State, and thank them for their steadfast
adhereneeto our cause uuder thetvrannvand op
pression of our foe. Indeed it is gratifying to
observe tbe very great loyalty and patriotism of
that whole portion of our State withia or conti
guous to the enemy's Hues, which has been aliko
subjected to his blandishments and his ravages.
May the day speedily come when our jurisdiction
hall again extend to the sands of the Atlantic.
Several other matters, which I deem it uuueccs
jary to specify, will thrust themselves upon your
attention
In regard to financial matters, the interesting
report of the Public Treasurer is so full and com
plete that I am content merely to refer you to it,
confident that I could not improve upon any of his
suggestion, which I, in the main, endorse.
The poor, especially the indigent families of
our soldiers, still demand our care. It is juetly
conceded that when they are not able to support
themselves, the State should support thm in the
absence or their natural protectors. I cannot,
however, mako any specific recommendation for .
their further relief, but fhould any plan occur to
your superior wisdom, I doubt not but you will
promptly act upon it. It will be very dilficult
for many of them to struggle through till harvest,
especially in some of the counties of the west,
which have been preyed upon alike by friend and
foe.
Trusting that harmony will prevail in your
counsels, and that much good may, under God,
result to the country therefrom, I close ny mes
sage with an exprersin of readiness to co-operato
with you should it lie in my power in tho exo
cutiou of t belabors devolving upon vou.
EXECLTIVK UcHi.HT.UKNr. Z. U. VANCU.
May 17t,h 1864 J
THE oOUTII Y1CT0R10CS !
NEW BOOKS ! NEW BOOKS ! !
(Our Own Publicatiui.)
Myrtle Leaves, just from tho press
00
75
00
00
00
0
25
r,o
76
Sougs ot Love and Liberty '
Primary Geography '
York's Enrliih Grammar,
First Book in Composition,
Hill's Poems, second edition,
Morven and Linda
Dixie Primer, pictorial third edition,
First Dixie Header,
The Dixie Spelling Bookr-in press,
Johnson's School Arithmetic iu prets,
The Jack Morgan Songster iu press
Elementary Spelling Book in press.
jaJr One third off to the trade.
The following Books are published at various
places in the Confederacy :
NOVELS.
Lady Audlev's Secret,
Dickeu l.jt Novel.
Hubert and Harold,
KIca iter's Victory,
Les Miserable Kautine,
" " Martus,
" St. Dennis,
" Jeau Valjeaa,
The Bohemian,
llaids aud Uomance of Morgan and Men,
Field and Fireside Novelette,
The Confederate A Romantic Essay,
Silas Marner,
The Battle of tho Bard3
5 00
2 00
3 00
r.o
oo
oo
00
tiO
25
6 .VI
00
00
no
A 00
SCHOOL COOKS.
Hunten's Piano Forto Instructor,
Lander's Arithmetic,
Biugham's Latin Grammar,
Primary Geography,
York's English Grammar,
First Book in Compoition,
Dixie Primer, Pictorial, third edition,
First Dixie Reader,
Wesleyan Catechism So. 1,
Wesleyan Catechim, No. 2,
Capers' Catechism,
Sermon Catechism,
Biblical Catechism, by Lansdell.
MILITARY WORKS.
Gilhanc's Manual,
Army Regulation.
Evolutions of tbe Line,
Wheeler's Cavalry,
Napoleon's Maxims of War,
Bayonet Exercise and Skirmish Drill,
Tbe Volunteer's Hand-book,
School of tbe Guides,
General Orders,
Warren's Surgery, bv Dr. Warren,
Yolunfeer's Field and Camp Book,
MISCELLANEOUS BOOKS.
3 00
2 00
4 CO
1 CO
2 00
2 00
.VI
75
25
IS
iiO
.V
75
10 00
C 00
o 00
7 00
1 25
1 25
1 25
1 25
6 00
6 00
1 25
The War and its Heroes, Illustrated, C oO
Mvrtle Leaves. 2 00
.Hill's Poems. - 1 o
Southern Model Leter Writer, 1 JU
Morven and Linda,
Rival Administrati ns,
Scriptural Views of National Trials,
Romantic Passages in S. W. History,
Tbe Camp Jester,
Diary of the War,
The Seige of Vicksburg,
The Sunday School Bell,
Tbe Sabbuth School Wreath,
Plowing and Ditching,
Fun for the Camp,
Campaign from Texas to Maryland,
Neeley'a Discourses,
Dr. Deems' Sermons,
The Age A New Monthly,
Southern Literary Messenger,
Map of the Coofecarate States,
Bombardment of Vicksburg. Engraving,
Dr. Deems', Portrait,
Soldier Boy Songster,
Songs of Love and Liberty,
General Jackson's Portrait,
Bonuie Blue Flag Song Book,
Cotton Field Melodies,
Rebel Songster,
Confederate Flag Songster,
Stonewall Sons Bok.
25
oO
00
SO
oo
00
50
oO
70
20
oO
00
f0
CO
60
GO
oo
50
50
00
75
G
50
50
CO
00
00
1
3
2
1
1
S
3
N. B. Those ordering books by mail should
send an extra ten cents on the dollar, for pos
tage. BRANSON & FARRAR,
May 4-tf . 'Raleigh, N. C.
BLANKS
JSxecited wi
OFVIfTie.
neatness aad tpatch at TniS