9
."
THE CONFEDERATE.
.YESSKSDAY, MAK1II 1, IMS.
We reche no news whatever' todiy, b'd
plenty ot run orsi Ii is to 1c txpeeed in
moments like the presor t, th u every danger
will bt: magnified and even rovr c cxnger
tied. Tec enemy is m1(iue.-t enably piling
tia hard and pmdviug us e'.oaely. Cowards aie
fibred to death, IccaUoC th;j is so, and the de
praved at-d cxn'croptiblc ioritb, w ho have long
:go fursaken their country zu X hav UtQ
hoping for tie advent of her invoke.:;, aie
secretly rej icin at, what they conceive 'o be,
the fruidon of tl tir hope.-'. But' ready ;;ud
truly, if the Southern pe :p!e arc the irgh
t.mcd, courageous unshriukiug pjoph, v.'hich.
they claimed to Le, they r.ever had a KtUr
crporturuty of puttit g the-fr Sietal iie t.'st,
and never a chance of making b;ttjr ue of
their exertions.
Never" before Lai the enemy, n.-!. d as
much as he is iL-kiug low ntvtr d.d iu put;
himself is iu fcuch dangerous positions f r
him in such ad vact -igeous position !r u-. -
cumber do Lot compare with what th-y
hive been and we a p proximity nearer ti)
him in force, tL;in wo did before we T ugl.t
hi :i a:.d gtincd our greatest vi t r;ts. Y-t it
it is lamentable, to tee the wild j u ; i c . hich
I rt.-'vaiU.
A miserable set of Y;;nl:ee prisoners nr: re
ceived iuUt our midt, and we hive tilers of
ad -r-tJe her?, with fvrce sufiHeut to gunrd
thece people yt they have been or nitted
f r two or ru jro d lys to roam cur stuev, cu
ter tin kitchens of the c'viz :ns, harrat :gu e their
li.-t-ners, . av.d i-tump speak to o; r negroes.
Yet this is the Headquarters of the Ke.-t i ve s ;
it ia contiguous to the Car of IntrutLn ; it
is tlio rentro (f the Home Guard e.rg-.y.iz it ion.
II ai'y it looks as if th" t wu v.ms to be t keu
by th.4 m-a-med Yankees le'bre their better
provide! brethren apprur.
We would adtije t-ftk-ers to go on trar.q liliy
ia the e: finance t'm-ir duties, a 'ui do
t.:eui thoroughly. When ver any o ie f .ih to
p;r:orni his duty, or violates it by any ii i
grant net of impropriety, now. of aU'ether
times, .s. the time to hld him to responsibil
ity, and put a iothcr w.iere he h s p'oved
re;re-ui. .
rl'nis is 1:0 time for panic, di.sorrariizii.n
or disorder. Now is the time f or mllituy
ijierit to iisciose itself. Id Uoii's -name, we
trust that. our military v. iil not allow Ilxhili
to be captured, befere SSierm-in an 1 Sc'i field
fjft in a thousand miles i.ni be cap'urtd ly
YaLke prisoner.-?.
t t
Ti.e tfT-rta cf Giv. Viincc tr. imprr 9 ll:
pie with the sense of their J.-irger, nti.l to m--j
them to tue performance of their duty nuw, ia
the 4 hour which tries men's souls," are' wor
thy of the Chief Magistrate of a great comou-wr.-ilth.
They are in the strict line of his duty.
Geo 1 sense, virtue and patriotism e very f; hero
will nppl nid his conduct, and only Jgnoraece,
vice, nr.d difloya'ty will'seek to under mins cr
weaken him.- His late proclamation was a no
ble State paper, clear, graphic and logical.
His M-ecth at G ddsboro' was true and ebquent.
Ti e shafts which are aimed at him will itcoil
an I recoil with ttfVcr. The arrows are not
all f re m otic or two bews, nor aimed 1 y ere or
two bands. The hands in the Jaik wu! someday
be brought to light. Iu ths mean time Gov.
Vane will go on, and he will accomplish ranch
good, and his name will be hell in esteem for
his valuable services. . Lut we would u 0 the
Governor, as the military head of the State, to
look after his military department. Lvt him
e:;j j. on his military chief, Gon. Gatlin, ami
ou h-s subordinates, that there is such a thins
us diieipline. Military organizations-, to be
effective, must be held under control. " If dis
discipliuo and subordination and crScieccy can
be secured without harshness, so much the bet
ter. Hut they ought to hi secured. Society
has the right to demand that they sha'.l be se
cured. An inefficient military is worse than
none at all.
t
Prisoners of War.
We have accounts oi th; disties.-ing con
dition cf ti c Yankee prisou'ers in cur h mdt
and now ii process of tramportati on for a
ch u -go. Many of them are sick, a:.' they
are said to be dying in great numher;. It"
ought to be, ami we bduvc it is the-aim of
our authoiiues, to mitigat-' as mttoh as p ssi
ble, the sufferings cf these men, tl oiigh they
are our ruthless invaders. Hut owi;ig to the
refusal of the enemy to receive them at Wil
mington, and the pressure upon us, we are
com pt Tied to subject them to exposure that
tvc sbou'.r! be g!al to avoid. The Tact is, the
whole policy of tbe Yankee Government bos
ben to sacrific:! their men after they pre taken
prioners. It isGraut who has caused them
to be kept so long in prison, ond now it is
Scbv field who refuses to receive them, when
we i fft r them at Wilmington. The result is
that tl ey have been transported forward and
at d back, and are too sick to bear the ..expo
sure. It is to be Loped fvr humanity sake tiiat
oil care will be taken of them comiitently
with our means.
ScsrESsios. The Church Inlellijencer satys
'th; tareateied condition of Charlotte, by the
public enemy, rendered it necessary for the
publishers to make arracgements ia reference
thereto, that frill require a suspension of the
paper for a time. We need eay no more to our
Irieflds, by way of apohjgy, for the reduced
eize of our present issue. As soon as we can
resume publication, no time will be' lost."
Pesnsylvania. Tbe Pennsylvania Demo
cratic iiiate Convention has rejrni naud the
last year's ticket. It denounced the e iianci
pition amendment in very ttrong term3.
-' .
There are a rounle of tehcrnont bouses in
Cherry street, N. Y., which c -ntaiu an a2
gregite of 900 so ds 140 aduit at.d 4G0
children. The Duildings arc each IS feet
wide and 5 stories bib.
froai the State Journil. '
PubIic3lLClin5 in GoIdsbaxo'
SPEECH 01' UOV. VANCE.
t:
! 1". a ii( .T iL.en.
H;4.a wt-ck'a notice bftn g v:n ten thousan i
per.-cn3 would Lave.bc.rri pr.'sea
iov.' V-tnce iid t:ot ariive uatii lai?i i;i the
at' ernoou. The p op e who .cafl.a ou the
Ki.s'.on train we&t
iioruo at o p. ni
lils-Jp-
rointen. at:1 iare r.:7!ioe?-s-
I .11 I . . o V
: -f-ir.f
i i..hhorhf)f;ds ot Wane ai d aiii .ir.i.ts2 couu-
th-j:' uIsj v.-ec.t honvi"; bat when it became
kuovn thU the Guvcr'i.'Ji hitd arrive 1, he wa.5.
a;?td upon and c'rent'cd U adlre.-s. th'-se
wh- tiU r i;i.tin d ():;r Urff ro ;rthon?o
w is crowi!e5. fi'l ju ti e cr. v.-:i we were giad
to Ke a large nn;::bt-r or
bt-r of Judio?.
When v e reached ti c.piace Govern r Varc
v.i.s.--eak ij. We Leird him fi?r abt?ut one
h ur nn'i hJf, atd we give the followiig us
he substance oS what we i.erd. .e may
at once say thatth ; mretins was mo.t err.hu
;.:istif fi'he .speaker was t.rithli!y lis" :i id
la, shc rtiijii i,e as mt-rrnpted by hear.y
! ch cr s ana .cj: &;" j
As wo en
ie-re.i Gov. V ance was drawing
i picture .a t r ya.:
-i'l m a.s it cs at tSs be-
ii'.r.Lir.g tjf tbe wa
and a it is at
I; IS g'3 2e
ofthew.ii's pn gr; 3s. O'oct was
-qna! lo many c ui-1 siay the enemy "at
iuL-iC lungs'' by the score, llo.v is it now, he
asked, wlxvi v. e b? to tu
cf bittes. not
in Virginia or Ceor-iia, r South Carolina, but
j in North Carolina ? Now is the ti lie, h 1 ex
i claimed, to sbw il wo have au-. backbone
! to bhow if v;e are tw-y Uiu to tho men who
fought at Minnas and at Gettybuig. The
I Governor went y-n ; s'.y thr.t he was one of
! the 1 ist tt v;ive uo ihe Ut ion. But his S'ate
I ifi .solemn council gte it up forever, and he"
j -.v.is ready to die jur the pledge there made for
' .... O I ... U .1 I J..!.- ,.C 'i !T .11-1 '
and cheers.)
Gov. V; sketched a h'story of our rrpub
Hcar. g )veri.mnt, of our rights, and how
ti,-'?e rijlrs fare . gn:;rart' ed. Lircol?!, h?
theo went u to s iy, had been elected on priu
cip:es 'equivalent to a -drchiration -rf war
aj-ainst us. A.l "c l:sve .Mt;ee htn claimed
is to be let nl -ne. This tl e United St ites
knew and . row know. Well, the war went
on f.r three yeais. -The per. re men began to
sco ttit: redity of war hioodohed, rapine and
dt'slruction of property mJ tbey b.?g in to
blame our own government and. to charge
then, with having n ) desire f r eace. lie,
(Gov. V.) ihf t-ght the iss;c was wt!! known..
II.- tho Light that if a man entered his house
and made an attack upon his family and pro
perty, that Iiin course was ch'iir. Did the
Y--uke---s ri t Uc.nw the is'we. ? iitili.in defer-
"1 enco to the opinions of tbe p' opie who Iid
I bjen deluded i y the mi.sn.-p: ejei.ta-t.ion3 of tho'
J 1 oaee nwn, he enter d into a -corrt-.-'oii-ncR.
j widi IVtsidir.t Divisami fvo-i urged idra to
niahe ari tft'-r? to disntl
ti.is ue'.cs'.o'i
The
rre?id-nt inf. rmd him that thr- e sep u ate
at e i p's had been made to bring about peace,
all to oi purpose i-ne of ' the President's com
munications cm that subject net having even
elicited a reply, and the President" told him
that he did not see what further could be d-ne.
At last, s-dd Gov. V , we pot a fair opening
The end of that was now wed known. Me
then sketched a hi-lory of the late attempt to
stop the war. He alludrd to the clinis ctr
and anti " cedents of our delegates M-ssis.
Stephens, Hunter and Campbell. Two of
theM? ."eul'eiiien wore originally Union men.
M.r. Stephens was avmitteoly tt.e brad td the
delegation ra man all the pe ce men of die
St 'in h. swo; e to and fur. What a the res ut?
i Seme thought cf :e -.onstruction that if our
j Governine-us would ordv snhmit and go Lack
it would w?pe out all, and tKc war weuld
etiel. O.hcis thought of separate S:ate t;c
ii.'O. Wltat was tiie ros dt ? Gov. V., again
aked. The mtst ic.Miu ddt- terms ofiVred to
us, he replied, v eie only what miu c .add ex
act from your negro or your dog uncondi
tional s.ibmissiau. You are ratisiied -if your
ii-gro unciimutipually submits to jour com
mands the dog witl curl up his all-fours urd
lie down at your fett. "iNo treaty v." rial be
mrde v th the Confederacy, nor w; u d ihey
have ariVih'n to uo with too Sij arete States.
Tj is ko i be:i every pn p fr-.mi imder the po-ace
men i.o'.hii -tr left us but oomp'cto, a "s 1 :te
and nii'.'oriiiiiional submh-J-ion r quired :;s a
prlihiin:tr;f sep it imy. c-en tii s Igh". s.
cessation "of he .smith s. ILw does this, ex
c aini(-d the .p -ak-.r, s t upon the. mu;.i of
nu n v l o went into estac:cs at the beginning
f the war ? Uticcneliiioiial t ubmitt.iim to
the Comtuution and law vf the ljjdt'5'i
States I Wha 4 -Constitution ?'' Kot the one
we left. That L.is been c? rrupted i;n i vio
lently -oss.iiied by (he vile -interpret uioi s of
B'acji II -publican judg s, and been so chunged
as at om:e and f never to decree the to'al abo
lition od slavery. The "laws"' we are ro
opjindto submit to p:ovHe nnxst htpnaru ly
for the punishment, of death, 63- the hoJttr,
of every ni hi so elier, sail r ormariie, ei-
ous death of 'the father, ihey turn them out
upon
toe face oi tne wu J to a ir,"enn'
j de-it h f ct Id and hunger. Such a e the
i "Coftstiluti-.ii and Laws," tee are required to
j give an unto ouitional submission to, rs the)'
i siana mis uay. ine or.iy -nope i even a
j ui Mlifieatirn ot their rigor is to be found in
' . recent proclamation of Lincoln's.
Admit hai a man is r;idy 10 gi?e up ail
i for imieendcnce, if rid of tbe tyrannical Van
S kee race. That is bad enough. Bat doyen.
' reslize the conseqoe-c.-s of sutmi-s-iou ?
I Pour niiUioiTs c f slaves, a large number of
j whcni are already armed, cast hore at ro
I iu cur midst ; our lands confiscate el buCi solel
I out to pay the cost ot our subjugation, er di-
vided among negro sol liers as a reward for
j th; slauh'i r if tooir mss ers ; air w.mei'.
ehiidieu and old m-n reduced to beggary, arnl
cast out from their 01.' ce b rpjy hnnns; our
mutilated and .diseased soldiers, starving ia
rags from door to ekor. spurned by pension
ed regro soldiers, wbibt the galows grows
we ry under the burd.m of our whes: srab.-f-n.en
anel bravest elefendcrs ; universal finan
cial. ruin, and intolerable oppression o( the ra-'
picious and vindictive foe in rt-e hour of con
quest ! and all this bicauie you were trus to
your cjiintry. '1 here is no modjtkatioj 01
all this-. True ye n are told by" Lincoln, with
a drunken Icar of hi- eye. that jou niay de
pe-nd upon 7iis mercy I" L ncvlo ebservrs
i credit for his honesty in not promising w hat
I he hno would not be earned out.
j At this poliat Gov. V. drew a picture of that
j venerable, gieat man, General Lee "the great-
i Oi FrMiy last vre ann:ucc-c5 tl.a Uot.-
V iinc" VV.-U (.1 U lis tile rp. '.c u.ic unui- v; . , . . t , . , -m
rujiym.ndilaTse cc cur.e , i.r ,,g,d H ' n" bet"- mt! pol'cy V hich is purged Ly :h,
11 ocUcktrairn ..gtr S pi "o b". Vf - "v. d'i oWef c fraer.re t to o iuto market ore
(Jvrcrcor UJ to say ou the st ae .e country (fNonh C-roUsa " woU ?nb:,it.- the , ulurity of lis p: per, ar.d to bay- it m
7aiS txhaittonEntuliel us that we . ; i:t When thev wernni she nuc-hsue tbey will the r,U it c iiimar, S ,n tran.acti . s be'ween
a few dr.g-. w- Ha.eu .L u ta.- t- - frcrer!y, aw your broad lioz-nabd citi2ii. Is men who havo : .v-r o-
vi liars an 1 otters, who have been engad contort pt tor cowards ana peace men. In
iu "lebeili n!' Xot tn- relv this, their 'la s ' f Georgia, Gov. Brown s -pe me notions did not
bar-g the flender acd then confiscate all his ! 've hMn, t-r SlKimn sut a forco forty miles
pr..pettv, real and per.ou.il, and while they M oul cf ins 10 hurn Governor Browa's pn
Mono lis wife Mid children from the itrnomi- T"ta- residence.. So, too, of Hon. Joshua A.
eat cSptAih of iha age" bowing at the f.nt-J
foci bf a low, b'ackgu.irt Tilitioi, crss-rra s
lawyi'r, to bg his life f-r the suke ,f hU yr'-.t
arxJ children ! Arc f hi re. arjy mf u m iNorib ;
Cno iu i, l.H ask?J, w hii'jr o tff t: i-1 (ber.
Jitioa a derief vj "liever ) If there be, ex
c'ai::;e!i Gov. Vance, then tbere arena ror Is i.'
d lir Con federate -Trt a.- ury note., (which, ho
8id,- wis ccruuidy i-ot . vorth ir uia r.ow a
d ivs!N, he ei'"j oraud ihc S a'e of 'lew Yo k.
r
ansa and -Massachusetts. Sec , v-
tn
thsir den,e population, rn.d said vonl
wa.." r-his htm-irud c:olia i;i tht North Tarn
li: a had. more ndli'Ta fficers trum all those
populous Sta'rs comvined. Loud latighter
and cheer.-, with crio3 - of "Tnat's so." J In
iliese r?s)rcfi-,
outnumber the
moe-veded the Govern or we
North.
Then we havis h z
fac?s, aod thoir w !o wear them tell u ' C -liimbia
hsi g '-ne 1" "What is Colunr ia ?"'
o:c!a'med Gov. Va ce. Are the people of
Co'umbia and S -nth aro-ina "yet -with us?
'We are lighting for Jnhj.enance, not !or bricks
and mortar, and the people, n;t bricks and
mortar, can and icill win it. - . 4
The people of 0'ir S'ate -"ro abont. U be
divide now divided into three class; s
of mjn the men, the weak-kneed and trai
tors. He (Gov. V.) knew what he w,s sayirg
and did m.tcare to be misrepresented. Tho
men wore in their place ; so were the traitors
in their. But -the weak kneed and d ubiing
were, unconscious tha a'dies of the trai;ors.
Tne Governor elucidated this at same length.'
He t'-ea alludfd.to the difference- bftweon tre
spirit at borne and tint in the army. He had
jifsr come irom ina 110m- en ucn. uunc a
lilies He f pent several hours tln.re ar.ol con
vors'd witli ai:not every m-in he mvt within
the trencfs. I h found the 'min at the front
all ripht, aa they had ever been. The cora
nam -expressis-n was, "Govcra r y u take care
.-four flks at-home as best vou can. we'll'
fig ht this thing out yet !"' (Prolonged chtcrs)
Yts, said the Governor, tl-at is th v icq of the
bravo ft-Jiows I saw there, half clad and badly
fed, standing many of th ;;ti kues d epdn the
mnl, their iusket firmly clutched and ibeir
eye bright aud clear, firmly bent upon the
tVe some lift7to teenty yards in trout.
The in who has suffered dest grumbles
most. Th s-i at horns who have given their
suns and theif homes and their ail are this elay
m-. re cheerful than any toers. . This is true,
said the Guvertiot-; and he asked the grum
blers and 'weak-kneed if they were uot
ashamed. -
y You think, pursued .Gov. V., tl at. Tarn
speaking no-v to encouragA you, .and... net to
uA j'..uvuai I expect. He told them in snl
cu":u seriousness that ii4 they stood by the tr
ifiv tnd the Go-eMuncnt Iw saw 5 a ie'lers of
living light, 'wriuen upon our tattered,' -blood-staiiifd
banners, the I'.depeodenee of die Con-
federal e Stales in less than twelve montns.
(Kothusiat-tic cheers ) All depends, he con-
tinued, upoB, the popular sentiment. All
this time we udht n-it inapdy say: " the
v.-ice of ihe pe-.tpb is the Yeicf of Goi.'"
Four butidrt-d. thousand men living men
w.re o'j the muster roll? of tha Confederacy
n 1 ab u ine ha1 ;f thfm .were-absent !
Ti esc in-.'n must be r -turncd to their duty.
He appealed to the women of the country, j
many whom do great narm to the cause' by
wriiirg leitoTo to their husbands iu the army
making them discontented. V. u a hme,
said Guv V-, must .quit telling your neigh
bors we are nearly whipped, eVe. You niut
talk ia;;re encouragingly. Ate we 1 early
whipped ? he aked. Y.s, said lie, if we be-
U'A'c so. Jverumring our territory wus no
tigu of our bring wbippo !. The trac s the
eneaty leaves of l is nnrch trake hi-n no
Mi 'D'-is. ' If 'hey do, then God f-.-rgive the
creaiurcs wh-.cy r:atu:e makes them the
friends cf their o-.vu and t heir country's des-
pollers.
The fall of cur citi s -has ro
wain
us or make .frier ds for the en- my. Toe peo
p'e tbe' wr men, the grey .; ir--:d fadiars of
the Cou'ederacy Vd! stand firm ar.d invinci
ble. G.'v. V showed lb at : although L msi
am, Aiubivma, Gtci;na and Virginia have
nearly s;l! been oveiroo, s.ive ia a sn ail spot
near Petersburg' nud Savannah, there is liard-
iv a;i ii,
.v to thy. 1 oe same wiii be ti e
Cate, shortly vi h Sontii Ch: r -dina, and the
pe-'Tjde of South Giroiina voili bi (.nee rnnie
as ti cy were before the advent of ti e enemy
so tbeo- soi1; hi-, with strc-gor and bit-cr de
ters ina'.i . n.
In leference to Sierm'aii's progress. Gov. V.
said he violad no confidence in assuring tho
peolj on" the antl ority of Gen. L'e, that
Sherm.n mut i)e. and should be stopped.
Lud cheers. ) .But, ontinued Gov. V , the
people must help the armus If, lie" "added,
the people are whac I tiiiok tin v are, all wiil
fbori.bt. No favor could be nureb'a cd by
nieklv-yibmittiayr. jTle Yanke l;ave "reat
! 01 Ataoatna. a torce went onc.ot us
0 ,l,,'c ' '""'"'" "i.'uym-..
i If you cm get nothing by making submissiv
! ciogs of yeurself whats the use of it, and if
yo;i i re not dogs, stand up like men, and doo't
T lick the hand that smites you (Li ud cheers )
; Ap voc hae to do is to stand firm and togf-tb
: er to trut in Livine aid, bui at the same
J tiioe to do our duty by keepiug an eye on
I huwiau" means.
j In corcUisicn, Gov. Vance said our pros
, pects were bv no moans gL omy. The re
1 ctnt peace effort will of necessity make us a
i unit. -But there were symproms of foreign
j ccmplieati.UiS, arcj tbes had much impor
j tancc to us, ti ough they must no', be re
j lied upon. And then thre were the prayers
I of mi litems of tho rubles t wm"n who ever
! knelt before the throne of God prayers he be.
i bend hich wouid not , be disregarded,
! Wifh oneues of soul and spirit it was impos
; sible w-e could foil. But if we yield, it is
I pots-b'e our struggle vf ill end in subjugatfon ;
j bt't otherwise, tiie next prop si-ion will be
; better than usc mdidoual submission. Vice
i Prcfident Stephecs'bad gone home to canvass
' b s State for a vigorous prosecution of the war.
: Our own Congrcs. ional delegation is a utdt
1 for the war t'i a s iccesful termination. Gov.
j V. urged the people to a tioo. Now was the
time to go together acd iceafecroiaking. Tbese
; uhq can do nothing hotter at' borne" should
' cb.er our men and cher each other : and
! n.ose wuu naa utss meats uut laedASe tamui
, 11. v. cur Busuien ii oj uj noi, exclaim
; cd Gov. Vance, "tLe land on 'which, last vear,
si .vo aiid a 31ibaored'deg-? i price fur it fani other i-au 'us ic. ii t'-e gov-
rfut. continued th. G v rn,r, nrnj willSernmept w. ro not" ia mirke-; "JJ
v,0, vvc z-e whppel alrerdv." -The !h(T f the government lfcrlf s or
rmy outnumber usV Well, .aid he; ia ) ward and Ki:;es t- a-litbc n.orc Ja U-.y
Uo.e rpect they do, and in ,cm we; M"Ou;d oi.:eru,ft .-etfor thi3 p.pc-r
! ' ,r.,. La n Ln.nVp.V. J he tbinij hasbpr,ctid ad over tae
y:i rau-c.Uu:-b Sarge cropa, ya:l be' plowed
fnhis year hy the fo'
. Gov. V. cei.'.i: ird h's xhortation and
c ;ct;Ui ito
in i he i I J 3 T. :r;-at appTatise,
rrcn'tt r t addrcs. the n?ople her. ?jutn ou
ii o fi.t suitable oj c
ctvi'dz I world, b-th in respect f-tV g.vera-
meLt bil'-s fit short d ues and to bor.t. ,i ?ng
dates. It is true, that the depreciation f ti n
kind of. pai ri h s n ver le?n so grat as v:j
nw wii:,-sia ca?e of C -ufederatei ro ts ;
but -the -:ir c:p'e is the svue, wl a.ver 'nay
1 e the I'epreri.iti m of the public! ere lit. liut
even if the p liny v.-reo' j '"c'.ion ib o "M.ge.ie
ral groun -s, "it would prill be -xcusab;e when
its o-j-M t is fir prevent t'no furwi.tr d sreci 1
ti n .f this ti etiev. It is cerfainiy Veiy sen-s-ele
torry ur. aVa'nst a p;dicy, th t. c bj ct
a 1 direo: effect t which is t c-- e'b t e fur
t er -I- p eciaUv.:i of th pub! ck credit;. Wh- n
the Cn;:i'-Jor it Trea:ury bi ,-in f sell g d
in The market, te brokers, by c-ndinatiun,
i id suocf core i" in running r.p its p. ice to
eighty diillais. 1 be immedt it-? ofi'c. of" this
msero as !o ;:uf. the price if. gji 1 dowa
o e hilf, in otinr words, to double thr3 v d n-s
of Treasury notes .It is weli kno?v n th it if the
'Jreasury were to 1-tive the market, tli-2
brokers wou'd itorae liate'y begiu to s.ll gold
at a much higner pnee tbau it now cot.
mauds probably uL htub!e tho present pri e.
Ia tbe Lice of tacts 1 ko tliese. it is idle to de
e'aim Hg",jiji 't the measafe' as inconsistent w t 1
the public faifh.
By dint of a powerful combination of capital,
the brokers Lave succeeded in f rc-i'g the prices
ot al ur.r.imodities to regulated with refer
ence to. the specie value of 0'nfeeierate uptss
Tlis standard hs unfair to the 'government ia
the highest duaree; beeaus,- gold is much high
er in relative value iu the .Confederacy, where
it it -g uce aud iu great deu;and iu const qnenec
of tho blockade, thin elgcwiiere. -0-iuprtd
with the gerjtral average of such prupeny as
specuiati(n cannot sensibly aff ?ct, gold is two,
three, or ' four times mure valauaole with us
tlniii it was befjro the war.
It is therefore a great hardship upon tho
Treasury and upon the community atlarg', thatj
the piicos of all t omnioelities tfthich c m na en
grossed by powerful onibin itiou' speculators
should be trjdu-ited with strict reference to the
price of gold, and that this result sh u'd be ef
fected by the very c mbiuation of speculators
who alo monopolize the gord of the Con'cder--acy.
.
Tbere is tut one remedy ftr this artificial
and unjust state of things aad that remedy the
Treasury is discreet enough to apply- It Con
sists, of course, in the Treasury, its If, which
h"Uj a onsidei able supply of specie, going
intO ti.tj tr.arltut, ...vi Vjr rciiluic p wlu .
lower, price than tue brokers, prev-utirjg their
-for; her ext ordoas upon tae pce-lc a..i goveru-
Uieut.
If it did not resort to this salutary measure
rhe. pubiic civdit.would soou be ruined. It ia
a measure of grave public necessity, , ri.d- g
far above ali contiderations of mere e'xpcdi-
ency. 1: it eo:;i: n s-'contieu oy success m
the field the. elT. ct would be m
d cidi il in
rcdiicing' the ''price of gold in the' mirk" tt
which vie should sono s.-e filling to thirty,
tweoty, and 'even lower. Ljt the Treasury,
by all means, adhere to this policy, for t- e
abandonment of it would be suicidal. lis
wnincr. -
'
Castdio The -dliie-ih . Standard, id t e
2l?t i.sr., remark-s t? at ' it. is one tlii is g to
say, ard another to do If nonth'aui b j Ui
mcesingi 'and p'.eelgH oli.c-is to ;o. and slay at
home themselves, they will bj justly regardel'
as cowarifs and hypocrites.''
Tins wa-s de-ubtit ss written with a lively
setiaibdiiy to tbe pud c bsatiaieat reardiag
the author of tne r: s; bitiotis adopt ti by the
Wuke o;i un'y ar 100011-0- in April, 1S31,
who af crwards participi Lei ia nue;thir war
meeting held in "the S.ate C.ipited on the 20:h
of My, 18Gf, auel to sustain v hoe votes, em
the 21st of May, 1801, he pledge I "the-last
dollar and the last man." F-nj. Obscrctr.
From Charleston.
An e fiicer wlro ar.-ivod dirvCf from So ttli
Carolio:a, hut nigh, gives us s me intti-s-t
n-; items concern!: g the cvcuid u uf
C. aiLsLou. The oaeoa'ioii t ok plioe on
Fridy - night, si ml me city was occupied by
about 500 Yankees, who Llndcd ia small
boats, -about. 12 o'clock On SdUudiy. A!i the
c-'tton some C.OOQ baies an I the- sij ping
was-detrov td. and tho gui.s spik d, by the
n ilila y auihodd s. -
The city is mm but little more than a heap of
ruins. When the Yankees enter. d, nearly hiif
of it was in ashes, and a Urrib'e fire was still
ragirg. The fire originated in two wuyb : A
epaanuty of damaged powder had Veen left at
th? depot of the N. E. It. 11. Comp my, alon-r
with a number of other articles. A crowd of
ngroe, aud citizens of the lower c!as:3 hl a
setnbkd far the purpose of pillage. While there,
a boy, in sp0, fired a small quantity of loose
powder, wfyicTj, communicating with that in the
boxes, igniteii the whole, causing a te rtific ex
plosion, with ewosid-rabh; loss oi'Jiftf. The im-iaen-e
depot buvI-Ui g was blovru tj hIoils aud
the fire tspred rap diy tj ttie arij .iuiua; houses.
It burned Viih great rapidity, and extended as
lar up on Ki;g Sreet as tbe b'oidiers' Wayside
Home. Abut tLe same tiaie a fire broke out
iu another portion of the city caused by tbe
Wundi of the Savannah bridge. Xbis fire was
also vsry destructivt,-and tie two c nubined ex
tended tram river to river, humcreus Mher
fires also ocurrei in dilf.reat pins of ihe city
said to have bem th- work f the citizens
f tbecnsclves. Ab t his occurred before the occu
pation of the city by the Yankees.
Our forces under G--u. Hardee b-ave gone iu
the proper direction. It is not permissible to
state where they are, bat they will be f .ur.il
where tfcey are m it needed .Fa yelieviUe Tele
grafh, Feb. 2ith.
Feed the Soldiers a letter from Lane's
Biigade," acknowledging arrival of some
boxes f-r ota home, sys:
"Tney arc nioit acceptable. Were it. not
for our boxes we sh u!d always be h:ngry,
f .r' rations are scant. The Xvrth Carolina
soldiers rceje g-tat numbers of boxs con
stamly. Oar nooi- State does her whole duty
in this respect. large quantity o potatoes,
onions and krout, has been sent -to our sol
diers duiing tLe winter by the Governor."
The same letter hypos "the people at haoo
ivill RCt U!) Uy r..tM:;;.a sln.T tr th-i
people t I a-rif t c ros lvee while the. army
toes lue nniir. Th? ix
hfnnip. rt?rfn.iti v ran-
not find th-.ir la.t luUtl tu aci." Fay. Gbi
f-tSlToIiW oFtHS ASSOCIATION.
Frciii tliarlctlc.
CIIaTILOTTK, Fb. 2!. Pasrrnger.i frorabc-
low saj that the report of raiding- psi tie 3 haTinjr
been at Union.. AbbeyviHe, iouth Carolinf-and
destroyed imch frcperty, lacks
I The fore? lrt at Columbia i
eunfcirrttion.
aid to be inij-
mics.nt znd has. been expelled- A large force
rwflcbed Chester to-ar. They more rapidly.
The 0.v 3 ftne wildest ivu:cr?, and rtlii
U'e BlJirnce i contraband.
Frin tbarfotte.
CHARLOTTE, Feb. 26. Xo additional news
frmn the froat. It is rtill ftippcscd that the
enemy ij n:akiLr his way u -ith, by Cheraw cd
Favettevill-e. News from Colunili corrobera
tiveofkiad treatment to the inhabitants. The
Ureliii' Convent is protected by a gutrd. No
public propcty allowed ; they have burned -various
private re adeDcea. Shtrmau'j Headquarters
on Monday were 'at Nickerson's Hotel. A large
force arc i cpoi ted in the western portion of the
city. The alarm at Charlotte has partly $ub
sHed. Weather bad ; roads heavy, ihtcrlerrinj
with rajdd iniiitary rhoveuients.
fneral Johnston's Order.
CHARLOTTE, Feb. 2Q The 'following order
is publ'sht-d th?s morning :
CH UILOTTE, Feb. 25 General Orders So. 1.
In ob?diene to the orders ef the (ftteral in
Chi-f, ihc unt'ercined assumes command T the
Army ot TeEnessfcc, avd ail troop3 in tLe Depart
ment of South Carolina, Ge tia and Florida,
He lakes this .position, with - strung hope, be
cause he will have in council and in the field, the
aid of the hih talents aad skill of tbe distin
guished General, whom he succeeds. .
- He expects all absent soldi 8 of the army of
Tennessee, to rej in thoir regiments, and aain
cocfieait the e'n-.Moy they so otten encountered in
northern Georgia, and always with henor. Ib
assures his comrades of that army, who are still
with their comrades that 'the ceufidence in their
discipline and valor, which he has publicly ex
pressed, is unuiuaniihei
LSigncd.j JOS. E. JOHNSTON.
Confederate Congress.
RICHMOND. Feb. In the Senate, the bill
abolishing the otiioe of Department Quartermas
ters, Ac., wad-again considered and the amend
ment f the House concurred in. Resolutions
from the Hou?e, responsive to the message of the
President, relative to the peace mission, referred
to the Committee on Foreign affairs. -
N.itbing of interest done in the House in open
session.
Northern Xcws.
RICHMOyD', Veg. 25. Northern papers of
the 23rd are filled feith details of ncg hereto
fore friren, and accounts of recent successes.
The entire Ui'inn loss at Fm t fkuderson are be
tween 30 acd 40.
The Herald says Geiv. Singleton left Washing
ton on the 22r.d iust., on a gecord excursion to
ef Court Claitus. Thy reeeiv'd pape?s through
the lines from Lmiudn.. The olject of their mis
sion Ia not stated.
-The Toibuoe contradicts the repent, that the
French Minister to Washington will aot be sent
over for the present.
Gold 201.
HsvcKJCnts of the nnaj.
CHARL'J ITE, Feb. 24. -Xo alarm in Char
lotte. .
'llsfl eeray are reported to hi raovin: iatlie di
rection of Camden, Cheraw and FftyettsTi'le.
It is thought tha the raiders, but not the main
column, will visit this city.
During th? retreat from Coiurubii, a train of
cars, fifk'd with ladies, broke down, arjd theenruiv
ihrcatencd-to capture it. HamptSa, with his cav
aliy, throw himself ia front, promisiisjt to deft-nd
them with the life "of every man in his coxiuaud.
Hampton, BuUe'r" anJ Whee-l-r. did most of the
fighting ort the retreat, the luaiu force not being
generally engaged.
. From the best information, we learn that th-
western portion of Columbia was burned, from
main street . to Charlott depot, nearly three
fourths.of amile; Do tful as to magnitude, but
positive as to some fire
From the West. .
CHARLOTTE, V.b. 24. We are indebted to
the enterprisof the Southern Express Company
for Augusta papers to tbe 28th. . No important
n-ihtary movtioioct? are reported.
Captain Dickius-m, of Fl rida,.made a" capture
of several officers ar-d'men during his late raid.
General Forrrst has Wen placed in commafbd
j of all tha cavalry in the district of Misisippi,
hst Louii;ma and Vi est Tennessee. Ilia first
general order previdesfor re-organization and dis
c'plin.vmd thrcatonscxtermination to Confederate ,
strapglera and robbeis.
Thomas's traopa are being mounted for a sup
posed march through Alabama. Raids have been
.made from Hern mdo, Mississippi, towards .Sena-
tobia. . !
There are many complaints of Kirby Smith ia
the Weft.
Wofford is in command at Atlanta. Re-organization
in Gt(-igirtba already commenced.
Rfiuforcements from Northtr.n Mississippi hare
been tentto Graut.
Large bodies of troops are moTinar ia the west,
and important moveu.ents repoitted.
The Legislature of Mississippi is about to con
vene ia extra session-; ii is said for the purpose cf
calling a State Convention.
lectins of the Georgia Legislature
Gov. Idron us Messase.
The message of Gov. Brown of Georgia, com
mences with a defence of the State, against the
attacks of the press for permitting Sherman to
march unmolested through he State. He says
she was abandoned to her fate, neglected by the
Confederate authorities, and w hile her army of
able bodied sons ware held from the defence of
the State and were denied tha privih ge of strik
ing an honest blow fcr the protection of tbeir
bonnr., Ge.irgia was compelled to rely onlv on a
; few bid men and boy3. He claims that the golden
' opportunity was lost forever thrown ' away.
Sherman, had he Leen resisted from the start and
; forced to fight and exhatist his munitions, bis sur-
render would have been certain. He rcccom
j meTids the establishment of he militia system to
t be ia no-casa tit-aed over to the Confederate
( Government, but reUintd for home defence,
j He fays there are only fourteen hundred and fifty
exempts ia the State, they are mostly over
j age. He rocommetds the passage of a law an-
thorizing the impresiiment of provisions ia the
hands of persons under Lord to the Confederate
government, who refuse to sell the surplus to in
digent famUies of soldiers. He complains that the
.' Confederate government can lock corn cribs and
srr.eke. honses against th? Ftate pnrohi.fj,
ccrs. ' On referring to tha Pcnitertiarr, h farj
more than h;lf the couricts released tr fiht ti'
su.c? deserted, and rccmnLcndj dtaih punih'ter.,
for robbery, horse-stealirjf, and ,h ue turnir,
and oppotes' the aiadng of slati-s : hbrii ,-
them mor vlaable in agricultural i-jrul j r
don't vrUh to go jn th army, ar.d ihe P'ln;ip4
restraint row upon thr m 13 the f ar that if th
hlere, the cn-my ill male tlrn Clt a?i
compel th-ra t take up arm, and il.r dod-r
by thin5r.d?. Whatirf inty b: our ir.;r.& fr
their noi n al cnruMli n, or i;iteretsk wo cun't
pect them to perform their dtui-1, b.-n fi-b;ir. -
to continue thj eiistaremeiit .f thtar wires nd
children, it Is nit reasonable to dfraind it .f
them ; whenever . sublih the fact tbey aie a
mi!itr?y people, wo" 'tea troy our tbeory; when
arm ?Iar-s we abandon rdaverv.
He complatr.sof tbo u-urpntmn of th? Con.ld
ate Con-jrcM in disproportion ttf luxation, . an-!
saj s mueh move uLj.ctir.nabU l.-jritt.tian U im.
posMluponns-by vntiM ofmen 'who act without
re.-pon?rbilily to tbeir cflnstitntner. 1I talan
the -0Ternraent to Usa for crat r.d xoiU vi -lejred
atm-e? ; uneh iUecA imjrrtfWntj, mi.d
the airtst .f citizens, without aatboiitr, bv Pr.
vot gaarch. The parsj.ort Mtem end prtith't.r
of GnTcrraoentto r.e'T of wrhh, m ho are lirfn
non.rail.pt)?itions which kj, thn nut of
n-y, while poor men ari- bi.af.- f,.:crj info" thw
rar.ki". He asimadrcrts !jrt rk ly vn tjse enoralibin
e.f the Pn tideot, asd trar-ji his n.i'-t1rT career
daring the war. !!. claim? our 0:.-m(nt tn
be r.-nr r military drjpotf.-in, driltirfr" jn0 &n
archy ar.d thatif tbe Pre.:d rtV policy 15 Phti
in it mnl terieina in reconstruction with or;.
out iwb-jraion. Brown rtate. t it At b? u utK-.
ly oppo.-ed to both, but if he favored either, h
wou'd give bi earnrst support to the Pre.'idtrt'a
policy as the surest ia jJe of diminishing rurariai,
exhautiT3?f ur rofourcw, breaking the rphirs of
our people, an i driving th?m in drjtpain; to neck
rr f j from vror;e1haii tyranny, by placir.r thctn
selves under the ('overnincnt they Uth? ar.d
test. To cure existing err he recouiuirud th
repeal ofthe conscription ait, aad the return to
the Constitutional mode cf raising trenpa bv
State observance of pood faith with eold'irj,
prompt pay, aband vnent of impressments nd -cre-t
session, and co more 1 cpreentive u ithont
cawtituency.
And, finally, taking frouu the President big pow
er rs Comn ahder-in-?hief, cr.lls for'a Convention
of the State? to anuad th Constitution, and
clones in the follow in rr lan 'iiarr Mf dtiny is
linked with th3 country; if we sjeceed, I ana
freeman; if by obtinicy, weakness rules, and
we fail, common ruin awaits in all. Th riht is
thark,t'e teuipost howls; tho thin is dasb-d with
turbulent waves; the helmsman is eteerin to th
wbiipool; our remonstrances are unheard, and
we muit restrain him. or the crew must sick to
gttiur, buried in irretrievable ruin.
- .
Xortbern AtTTP.
RICHMOND, Ftb. 27.-Northern pperoftho
24.fi inst., fay Wilmington was occuplod by tha
Yar.keos on th.; 22.i ict.
Gn. rainier coimnan'Hr-g in KetifufLy, an
neuuers that h s policy will, in no irateii.il d
gree, difTr f om tjiat pursued bv L'uibi ide.
1 !.' dt ri. u . ' y
prosecuted. No State troops will be allowed.
, A Men.ph:s telegram says guerrillas aro be
coming troublesome Mga'm ou the Arkansas river.
It is reported they have burned the eteaiuer Dane,
and captured the 5Cth Indiana Rr raiment.
In the Yauk..e House of Kepresmt.ttives on
Thursdar, the bid Repealing that poition of the
confiscation act prohibiting a forfeiture of rtbt-l
land titles beyond tha life of their present owuer.,
passed by one ma j -rity.
Washington telegrams says the (lovrnuaerit
has reliable advice" that t ji Kam )leudj b fs put
into Coranna fvrr re: airs, which, there is reason
to bi-heve. fhe will not be all wei to receive.
The New OrL-ans Tiacs savs the French nt
Matffmoras cinn!ia.-nts oar Hag, but pasa t tio
Vankee colors with contempt. ,
Tne Kentucky L.'zisiaturc refasrs to ratify thi
anti-lavery amendment.
Gold unchanged. '
R
U N A V A Y .
Taken uo and committed to jill, in Concord,
Cabarrus countv, N. C. a negro boy who tav
his rame i JOHN SMITH, j.Tid says ba h-1 rcs
,to Eliza Klliion and WilJiau Can'kds, of Vke
county, and that he was pun based of Tho.
Sw.itb, of Uyo cnurty, about 5 yrrs air. Sai 1
boy is about '20 yeata'o'.d, 5 feet .r ititbiif liich,
slow of speech, yellow complexinij, had e n w hite
cotton pants, dove colorei css:nere c-at ; muI
says he was hired last year to the High Shoals
Iron ilar.ulictui icg Compauv.
The owner is henby noiiiifd to come forward
prove property, pay charges and tnke him away.
N. SL?CGU. SLm iII"
fob l-w6m of Cabarrus ctiuuty, N. C.
D. C lit: it, J. A. i!ooi;E. W. J. HArKirvK
U. C. MURRAY & CO.,
OKNERAL
AUCTION AND C0MML-SI0N 3:n!inANT,S,
" FAYETTCVILI.K STRKtT. UAM.lUlT, K. C
Having regul irly crmirenrcd bui-inerS, n-'.icit
com-ignments. They will attend promptly to tt
purcbite aud sale of all Goods, Studs, iic"., Ac.
Jl F. F K R E X C E S .
C. Dewey, Cah W. 11. J..p, Cafh., Ralfcifcd.
Messis. Harris & Howell, Wilmir-yton
J. H. Lindsay, Cashier, Greetsboio.
. 1. A. Davis, Ca.hier, a!ibwry,
T. W. Doner, Cashier, Charlotte.
A. McLean, Cashier, Fayettevilie.
James E. Cuthbert, CssLier, I'ctersburg, Va.
Brmch, Morton ii Co., Richmobd, Va.
fob 8-wCt
QCOTOII AND .IIIGH-TOAfcT
The " DIXIE IxDY " Scotch Snufl", ismann
factured bv CLARK 4 MILLER, "Graham, X. C.
- This hnely hvirjated SutQ" is matufacture-d of
the best materials, with a determination to make
i: the befit dcLtiibee now offered M the public,
great care being taken to hav all the ingredients
tree froni dirt or oth r impurities.
Jt is prepared unoer the immediate r-inafcment
and fcuperviion o." 1 carfn. person w no ha Ka-1
much expc-riructf in the employ of tbe LotillaeLs,
in tbrir Sr.utf Ft ctnr r, in ew Ycrk Citv.
Tbe HlGIi-TOASl' is a halt Sr ufl". Also, put
up iu packages of bait-pound each, in boxs of
fijtv pout.ds. tb justly clebiated 1 Id SlONh
WALL" .Sumkii.R Tobacco, a r,'d C1GALS of tbe
finest quality that is put up iu tbe Cor-federatd
Mate?, bv H. J. R.- CLAUK.
jao I3-d2taw6w
or caholixa,
jji Johnston Coostv,
Coitrt of Fleas andQca&ter Sessions.
November Term, 18G4.
JOHS G. GCLLlt,
' r.
Gaston Tarri.-h, Augustus Parrijh, Nathan Bay-
kic, t). L. Dodd.
Scirt Facia$ to recite Judgment"
It appearing to the satisfaction of .the Coort,
that the bove named defendants- are non-res'-dents,
tl m ordered, That publication be made
for them to appear t February Term, 165, or
this Court, to plead in the above entitJed to f uit,
or judgmeut according to the scire facias will be
ordered. J. H. FAhKbK
January let, 1665. County Court Clerk.
jan l-(16t-wt27feb.