THE CONFEDERATE.
WEOXKSD.IY. February 9, lSGt.
previous to the 2Dth of ilay, 18G1, them
was much diversity of sentiment among th
people of tLis State on the proper action to b
Liken The t-irc lial'j:ia- Iartc'H-tlie succc'
cfV.hcr of wLich in the Fresidendal clectiof
would have pestry.nt-d the necessity of steer'
fifon, haJ been defeated. The North bad lec ;
swan'omd up t!ue fanatical s ctional or
M-izi'.i'i Unt en the destruction of constY
tW.sal rgfct, and the gradual su! jection of tl ?
mint-rity to iu power and lchet. The. elec
tion of Lincoln consummated the success of th'.
hostile and detractive influence. The fore
.;Lt of some discovcrd immediately the awful
futiroper-vivctllitionof withdrawing fro I
this fatal power and influence. Others, aftt :
short postj03crnoTit, adopted with some re
'nctiiiCC the inevitable necessity ; and cthe.n
tti'.l, with a friid yearning towards the ancient
institutions, refuse J to let them go. Since:'!
r.nd honest cHYrt wa s made by good and sincei.;
iacD, "n the Fraee Congress at Washington, 1
fivcrt the final doom. Hut all v.ith'O avai!.
The fa.ib-'-su .vt of Jai.TJS P.nchar.ii:: tl )
r -m v.i! of Mij r Ar.d-r.y-n to Fori Sam!''-,
r.nd tlif' pr -7a'nation f Lincoln, all whh .
I ad I tn the unseen but inexorable logic f
r vci.fH. I ro''--t up the cri. is. The demai I
I t Lincoln fr N-iih Carolina troops to fight
S.utl.crn ni'".i on Southern soil, was respond 1
: fl.v (J over nor KJlb with a memorable refus; ;
f .d public wr.timent ra'Iied to a seemingly ar
:-pare!,lly sin-.-ere unanimity. On the L'Oth
II ,y li it g!ir;-""n anniversary of an anciei'.';
:;: J cherished la r. istn tl.c On vetlon of tl :
;t-:te, with' "it division, by an t:'wniinif:s voie ,
1 1 which was folded for fartie-r and morebin.ii.':..-j.',,-
the solemn invi-ription of each in b -
dual name cot on pvrLh.ilde p:icr, but . '
i n luring parchment, fur then nnd thtreafb:
to be a memorial of the common ob'.igutio..-
ja-.srd the ordinance of S'-ocstion from tl .
J, krrd I'mo.o, and ad-ptod the Cnutituti-. I
it -.ho C-nfed-rate States.
''hU iir'-?iiij. oeietnony was enhanced if
s- ' nu.itv by virtue, of the great names vrhi. !
on i.:
Th- re sat t! I
i at.".i'' ('.!! 'du-'-a '-' 1 1' i tfin , t he p.rof ;n.de.
j-.r st tf the S:.;?e. an 1 tl.5 -'jna! .f f.!y con-j-
, r on She r-.ji.tinent a - an txp snder of tl I
i -id-; w.m I.cr i'ldge."
? as a legist r.nd advoca'
i: li e as diotln-'oi.-h
the ii't"i -f w!i-4-! imrnorial mind an.
p. crfal t-n -tid ec. in tn .-c ir of tho;
(!. .': ;h!txl sr...hif.'.ri w! were once privilege
t i.an:', U',?i tlu-ir utf ;;iiKf i. Then wan
lf- vpnerid-ltr in yearn, no loss hdd in tl
nl-lic est wtn, that pmvand upright politieia
a.l ucfiu tit :? , Vcklon N. ilwards. Ai
tiicii (iraharn, the inheritor of rcvo'.niiona;
J;.dfaud the j'oss-fsjfr of ir.ost riypectab
t j gli s m-'.-wkt tiX reticent an order i"
t.V it Ar soch stirTiv.g ti:njL--, ccwrtlitk'ss t! r
h ' x-r of ;i laxgs s-hart t-f the prd-'dc ct-idide:..
a . t)y; w icl Jrr of j:r. at intlnenco. Tbe.;
i ' cd were the rtpn-sentative men of tl
F-l i. pvtr.j th. ii -ilioiun ar.d binding tbeV
t - ,.- ut'V.ntsMi th'S great net of iltdivtraT.ee.
T.-ere l-.- v."'.rc h:- "lavbtt-ri of N rth (.'ar -:
. . f.ir i.: 'i b?v.vtifui '.e-hliurj their approv
v t .:thiiti.'i.-t:cj:i'itati'..-;u j'T1k organ of puJi
ilf j iLici:" wl.c-sc editor w.-.s n:so one of tl
.''rs.etr.sjjfd it in the public record as
( : i : i:s cclebjstif-n of ijdepe!idenee an a ;t
t--v.y an 1 ii&y perf.t::u-.l arvl fur hitn.tlf
aod :hese Li- J.-At i.vtcs, be faithfully prmis
tt.at Jic act iJion'd. Li tavttf p;o)d "witht f
't-llar nnd the fat man."
Tt.ii isaa authentic Lh-.; ry of sws-itar i
N. :.u CuroliDit. Tl.ls is a faithful narratii
i f i.e.-gn-etirq to her j! jter, whvn propo-ii j
to sh re il.tir dK iiiiits. Sl e km-cked at tl
d vr of their ha.liUition ,ai,d it wasojicned an
shi" f itered ia.
Tti -'n m the voice t f parfy hashtxl. With
pei.ei ;us inclination tj take the full mea-n i
if T.-?pt-ns!biity, the Standard anr.ounc.
thit dtie vli3 brwi hem " n!fr stces.-doinsU'
l.i I ;aot nido the re Tub. lion," but f hivalnais'
i i'n..il that the Ut.ion men bad made it ; f
i ij Middlj Sta' e were nut permitted t
i ij vt until thco'd Union men gave the word.1'
TVrc-aficr the Staudaril became the orga
o ii vat tie dtf. ndi-r of the Adminbsr;
". ;. the chr.nic?er ot its Tiitncs and rt i
n ::k au.l tho special eulogist of Mr. IavS t
Tu iir iti patriotic teachings, animosities ive:
(. t :.? ae. Whc-a it sdd that "mi Efgotiatiot,
i-"u!.l 3tne f;o.u iv-," all acejiiiccd. When
i hivwlcates.! t!. -.t " tho S uth cannot m.-ik-
ovtrtures', Lr s'.i- f: ;ht!'jg 1 r existence, an
a i -v.'"er on her f'.rt tu trf.it v. ju!d be cor.t
ivh'iv 1 a Mgti of weakr rss ar.d fear,'' nnd f
lbs ii Siuntial ! gc it I-eetuno tho rre:-ive-
t i'i-.io.i, aihl her cit ?rriS cojicuirrd in the ad i
..i Hi.J s.'utimr f, " that long its thtre.is
m -'t eccmy on her soil, jst o lvn will si.
b, 1 1 thM, " if ih- v.tre to cdfer less b he?
: en." c5, ;!;-' would l-e unwurihy i f the spirit
R...i ; lar.hocd t f h-r pv ph.-." These senti-
c. rr.ts, tra-ascrii-ol fr-m ti:o Standard of lOth
.f Aagiu-t, lStl, became enduring convic-tii-r.5
in the h-yal hearts f the people wire
caught ap by our hrarc soldiers, and by them
m.h'dbly ci-gravl with the bayonets upon
ihe frvhcad i-f ocr
Ci-nld it have Icon aLticifr.tcd that the
authir of these nibie feutimerJs the tutor
of these patriotic doctrines would in two
thort years Lrs-vkc all his own teachings
abandon official pledge s retract his ontit-kcn
I raise, and substitute therefor censure,
ibiio', vituperation jdisconlfor harmony ; dis-civ.ir-.'.gement
for cheer ; impracticable and hn
p.'s blencgoUation fjr victory ; suhmissicn for
ee.ni."sit, ar.d for hope despair ! Ahis, that wo
are cil'ed ts v. oi-.dvr at such strange and way
v.i.rd inconstancy. Ye ask ourselves in
amszement, for the influence that hus vvrougiit
tl.ii woful change. WLiie we murn the loss
ct a useful co-laborer, re pity the mind so
r.tt.ge!y seduced into sQch perversion and
Ib-.t the people cannot follow this fickle
l'ght of tha night. Evil spirits, ripe ever for
t-.b-chief, may enlist this new ally honest
but deluded men for a time may bo Aisled ;
bui the peoplp, liking to the past, remem-l.-ri'.g
what we h&ie recorded, wiM detect the
l.ihn: Philip of to-day, and will appeal from
him to the true Philip of yesterday. The hon
est people of North drulina, ever justly re
non aed for f deiity, will not break tbier faith
under such changeable and now pernicious
counsel. Iiathcr may we not hope that the
aicj iuay fall fiwi the eye" of the SUnd-
ard, and before it b.; to-. late, it may retarn
to tho principles it set ont with. If it should,
those who do not desire to cherish ill will, will
rejoice at its escape. But if it remain inacces
sible to reason,to entreaty ,to deserved reproach,
yet unwilliBgly betowed, there is but one
fate the isslation inevitable to tbosc whom
the public, pressed with danger, is obliged
to regard as an enemy. ,
Important Enquiry.
Since the "public have understood that we
are connected with the pres?, numerous en
quiries pour in upon us, of what the Govern
ment will da with regard to the agitation of the
Convention question now on foot in the State.
We do not pretend to be informed of the
purposes of either Government. That at Pvich
mond has, we believe, no organ, and we do not
know if Gov. Vance has, nor is it likely that
either would commit to outsiders the policy it
intends to pursue. Bert we are willing to giva
our individual opinion, for the benefit of all con
ccrned.
The movement of the agitators is full of
peril. The artful guise in which it is covered
is as thin as gauze. The Government is not
deaf to the warnings uttered, nor blind to the
threatening aspect of affair. The effort to
conceal, vf ill not hide the rmrposc of the
agitators. It is known that they mean revolu
tion. If they can drift over the dangerous
rapids of the preliminaries into the smooth
waters of a Convention, they hope, under the
form of a recognized authority, to consummate
the secession of North Carolina from the Con
federacy, and the purchase" of a peace from
Lincoln, by the sacrifice of the other States by
the violation of faith and honor, and by sub-mis'-ion.
Their fierce denunciitionof ourGovern
rnent their legislation to thwart its policy
the refusal oflegislation to aid and assist it
the judicial " licks tl it " in the facility lor dis
charges from the military service the threats
defiaut and oft repeated not of remedy, legi
timate and rightful, but of force and resolution,
and following all this is rhe movement begun
br which alone revolution can be accomplish
ed and the Icnk'Vj? of tuc weaker vessels. All
this tells the tale but like the veiled Prophet
of Khorassan, the visage is not hid and the de
formities are apparent. What will the Govern
ment do ? Will it let the movement run to coni-
... -. i, i . r ii
pIot: ri : .so. n u v;.u' .varrou u.-r iu om
federaey, consign ear rulers, our military
leaders, all our chief men to sure destructi on
our army to a mortifying abasement our lhg
to dirhon;r our property to couli'cation our
wives aud daughters to servility low aud igno
minious our homes t desolation and ourselves
to a degrading servitude under the brazen rule
of Yankee meanness, mixed with impudent
audacity, if the Government will suffer these
things, then this agitation will b let alone, to
pursue its course.
Hut if President Davis, and Governor
Vance, and our Congress, and Ie, and John
ston, and B-jauregard, and our military offi
cers and soldiers have a st;.ke, and the- feel
it, upon our success, then agitation will he
obliged to stop. How ? It may readily be
perceived, how that difficulty miy exist as
to which Government should rnovj first
whether one assume. to act alone or both in
concert whether it were better t crush
the eggs or let them hatch, that the nature of
the brool may be discovered that the geese,
and other harmless fowl may be separated
from the coca trices.
These difficuUies, however, will not be
Ion- of settlement ; and our ophiiou is, that
the ?.rm tint has for long been stayed in
for Ix:'. ran cp, is aoout to fall. v uen it does
fid!, its hand will -grasp the leaders in an
iron clinch tight-- than a vice. .No matter
whether they be: found irituin he ti, or
pre.idi'.ig on the bench, or sitting among the
tuiience in the S-anhedrim of agitation.
If martial law lw estab ished in Xorth Caro
lina if the , ibcis corpus be suspended if
a military force bo placed in our midst if
the leading agitator.-are arrested and punished,
some by death, others by banishment,
other, by forced enlistment into-the front of
our service if the nece5sary inconveniences
of this kind of rule be obliged to be substi
tuted for the mild sway of the civil law, thf
responsibility will be en the bead of agitators
who teach that "our Government h i despot
ism" toW resisted that -forbe;-.' .nee to
wards it i no longer a virtue" that North
Carolina is. "the key-stone to be v. ;:h;lrawn
from its arch," that the 'arch may iumbl.''
the re.-p uisibility will be on tin -; ftkials
who are suspected of undue sympathy with
skulkers and deserters and who place impedi
ments in the way of the service by imposing
unnece-isary restraints upon its officers.
Towards these responsible acitatoys ll.e
public odium will be directed jusdy a: d pro
perly; and upn them wdl the hand ui Gov
ernment be necessarily laid.
No protect i" can be taken under the shield
of fiee speech and press. The freedom of
speech and press do n-t comport wiib that
devilish license which in time of war hazards
the National existence.
Wc learn that among tho Yaukro prisoners
taken below Kin.-ton bst week, tl.. re were
forty-five inserters 'from Xetherc;- 3i.it
ta'ion. They were in full Yankee -mitorm,
and will of tours sufi.T tho penal so ena
:.ntlyduo the base cri ne of deser ' i to the
enemy. One deserter fr :n the 8;h H-'giment
caught in Yankee uniform, was shot on Thurs
day last, with several others.
The Progress in noticing the appearance of
the Xorih Caiolinian at Payuttevi!!e, says:
A newspaper that v. Hi rctlect tiie senti
ments of the people of that section is much
needed in Fayetteviilc, and we congratulate
them in their c 'd fortune and urge them to
sustain the enterprise.''
Do not the Fayetttville Observer and X.
G Presbyterian " reflect the sestimen's of the
people " of that tcwa and sectioa ? "What
say the people of Fayetteville to the insinuation
that they do net ? Thoj are true to the South
and the State. Is the Caroliniaa to reflect
opposite sentiments 1 What says the Caro
linian ?
From North Georgia. Oa tho afternoon
of the2Sth, it is stated, the enemy 'advanced
with two bii-ades of cavalry and one of in-
fantry, and drove in our pickets, pressing
ICrllv's hrifTnh- nf riv.ifrv hark Irnm Rinrrrrz-U,!
Kelly's brigade of cavalry back from Ringgold
to within two and a half mfies of Tuunel
Hill. At night the enemy was driven back to
Ringgold. Our loss was "two killed and four
wounded ; that ,t f the enemy considerable.
This movement is supposed to hare been a
rccouteiosaticc in. force.
Mr. Reade's Speech.
We recur to Mr. Reade's speech again, be
cause it is deserving of a more extended notice.
We are still of opinion, that the resolution of
thanks came very inappropriately from Mr.
Beade, if it betrue that be is one of the leaders
fit the Convention movement. But the speech
itself is obnoxious to censure. It was a fine oc
casion for Mr. Reade to have done justice to
the State to hive paid the right compliment to
her soldiers in the true tone, and have reflected
honor on himself. It was his own fault that he
contented himself with excusing petty com
plaints, and insinuating a defence of a broader
defection. When Mr. Reade uttered the truism
that " it is spirit that moves an army and makes
it irresistible, " we imagine his embarrassment
at the additional reflection, that spirit is en
gendered and kept alive by a warm-hearted
display of home encouragement, and is soon
broken when that encouragement is withheld,
and that how little he and hig "associates had
contributed of this comforting and animating
nfluence. ' j
It was hardly fair in Mr. Reade to connect
the soldier in any wise with the rumors of dis
loyalty in North Carolina. These rumors grow
out of no action of theirs, nor do they touch the
State at large. In the language of a cotemporary
in another State, " a broad line of distinction is
taken between the good and the bad the true
and the false and it is well remembered that
the majority of hearts in the State beat true to
the cause."
Mr. Reade well knew those who are desig
nated in these suspicions, and he has had it in
his power to have done much towards effacing
them. ' The little he had done previously, is not
much enhanced by his Senatorial effort.
Mr. Reade urges three causes of excuse for
the dissatisfaction in the State, as he is pleased
to call it. 1st. That early in the war the arms
of the people were demanded that this made
the impression, not unreaxonahly, that the pur
pose was to disarm her because she was suspect
ed." This will be news in North Carolina, when
thirty-seven thousand stand of arms was lavished
at one time from our captured arsenal. The
people of North Carolina were well informed
enough to know, that early iu the war the Con
federate Government needed all kinds of arms,
aud made no call on her that was not made on
otherStates. A fitting answer to this accusa
tion, is the resolutions passed unanimously in
November, 18 "2, by the Legislature yield
ing " full confidence in the ability and patriot
ism of President Davis ; " and that other resolu
tion of Dr. Grissom.one of Mr. Reade's peculiar
friends, in which was pledged the full support of
the State to the " struggle, till the entire inde
pendence of the Confederate States is secured." If
that pledge had been redeemed by Mr. Reade's
associates, his speech could never hf.ve been
made.
The second accusation against the Govern
ment is, that the Judiciary of the State has not
been respected. It is as sad as true, that many
of the best men in North Carolina hold in dimin
ished respect that portion of a Judiciary whose
facile disposition towards the unworthy deserter
has kept price with an annoying and injurious
hindrance of the faithful officer in the discharge
of his duty. But no accuser can cite an instance
where tho Government has slighted the judicial
decisions of North Carolina when they came to
be known nor an instance where intentional
wrong has been perpetrated on one of her
citizens. The leniency of the Government
should have disarmed these accusations, if it
inspired no gratitude.
If suspicion, distrust and threat, on the
part of the authorities "chafe"' the State, in
what degree does Mr. lieadc think the Gov--ernment
is "chafed," when all the "suspicions,
ditru.-tand threats" have originated in North
Carolina; rnd been heaped on it, and are
now daily being heaped in the most flagrant
and seditious manner ? Mr. Reade p rid esses
to know nothing of the movement for a Con
vention except what is before the public.
If tLis is candid, rumor has done him in
justice; for it ascribes to him the defence of
this movement in the caucus referred to.
Of its danger, Mr. Reade cannot be ignorant;
! and an enlightened Senator in his place might
have well, teeing that, the public enemy
is building much hope upon this movement,
have raised his voice to avert the eviJ.
Rut Mr. Reade, in comparing it to the glo
rious convention of revolutionary record, does
not exalt the former, but levels the latter.
There is no point of comparison between the
two. The one was prompted by noble "and
elevated sentiment; the other is the off
spirng, at best, of low discontent. The one
moved in support of the contest for indepen
dence ; the other stifiles it. The one gave
asstiranee to the enemy cf firm and obsti
nate resistance; the other speaks in whin
ing terms of olive branches and negotiation.
The one enrolled upon its records the byal
and true patriots; the other inscribes the
names of d duied people led by pli:ical agi
tators: The one observed fidelity to ther
allies; the other threatens desertion. The
one bore the State to honor ; the other c irries
it to infamy. In every feature t'ruy are dis
similar, ami there is no point of analog'.
If Mr. Reade's speeeii is a jest, it was
ill-timed ; if in earnest, then the only ex
cuse for it is to be found in the fact, that Mr.
Reade. has resided in the town of Roxboro ',
remote from the incidents of war and out of
reach of intelligence of the leading features.
On the bench Mr. Reade will occupy a more
fitting position. A geutlemau of great pro
priety of character, patient and dignified, of
impartial mind and of sound legal intelli
gence, he will adorn the judicial ermine ; the
more so as, settled in the far West, he will not
be much brought in contact with these ques
tions which invoke the political prejudices
to interfere with the judic:al judgement.
Tho Telegraph is completedjbetween Raleigh
and Fayetteville, and messages passed over the
wires f.r the first time last evening. We con
gratulate the old Town on again being brought
into communication with the Telegraphic world.
'
Wirt Adams at Work. It is reported
that Gen. Wirt Adams captured on the 23d
inst., at Selsertown, near Natchez, thirty-five
prisoners and six wagons ar.d teams loaded
with cotton going tej Natchez, and about eigh
ty negroes.
Lt. Pcrkin, of the 31st X. C. Regiment,
was Kiuea in the recent Ught at Sndthfieid.
, v . remains navef Deen Orougnt homo
n: , " . . - . "
for interment.
In the Yankee Senate, on the 26th ultimo
Messrs. Bayard, of Delaward, and Richard
son, of Illinois, took the oath required by the
resolution adopted the day previous. Sub
sequently, ilr. Bayard resigned- his seat in
the Senate,
North Carolina News. 1
We find in the Richmond papers of Friday
last, the following official despatches :
Wilmihgtos, February 4.
To GeneralS. Cooper:
On the 2d instant, Gen. Martin, with the 17th
and 42d, and Col Jackson's command from
Kenansville, broke the railroad at Shepberds
viile, driviDg the enemy from their works at
Newport Barracks and across Kewport river.
W. II. C. Whiting.
Major General.
The following official despatch from Com
mander Wood, gives the particulars of the de
struction of the gunboat mentioned in the
despatch of Gen. Pickett :
Kikstos, Feb. 4,-lSGl.
Hon. S. R. Mallory :
The force under my command boarded and
captured, last night, the United States gunboat
Underwriter, four guns, and ninety men and
officers.
Her position was within musket range of
several strong-works ; one of which was raking
the vessel during the time we had possession,
and her not having steam up caused me to burn
her.
Our loss is twenty killed and wounded, ai.d
four missing; the enemy's unknown.
J. Taylor Wood.
The following letter from Maj. Gen. Rodes, is
addressed to Brig. Gens. Ramseur and Johnston :
Brig. Gens. Ramseur and Johnston :
Generals It is my pride to haTC been as
sociated with your two brigades, as comrade or
as commander, from the bloody field of Williams
bur g, through all the trials of this arduous war,
up to the present moment. I claim, in both
capacities, the privilege of olferiug my heart
felt congratulations on learning that, rising
superior to domestic faction and to present
hardships, tuey hnve stepped forward, almost to
a man, as the pioneers of re-enlistaient for your
State.
The name of North Carolina, impressed on
the heart of the people amidst the fire and blood
of Chancellorsville and Gettysburg by your
respective commands, has been indelibly en
graved this day, by a victory over self, more
ennobling and more enduriDg. May it prove
the seen of a fruitful ha: vest, striking terror
abroad, bringing peace and concord at home.
Sigued .R. E. Roues,
Major General.
From the Richmond Examiner of Saturday.
The Wak News the Expedition
against Xkwbkun. Advices received yes
terday from North Carolina were very san
guine of the recapture of Xewbern, and rep
resented that it had been completely invested
by our forces. .The report .-yesterday was thai
our troops had oi twined posesMon of the
outerline of fortifications.
Xcwbem is the key to a large and produc
tive country, m which, even now, vast amounts
of pn-vis ons are contained. It is also report
ed to be the r- ndczvous of a large number
of fugitive slaves, and the most important
depot of supplies which the e. eniy has in
Eastern North Carolina.
We are sorry to dash the reports which
weie so freely circulated yesterday of a suc
cess at Newhru. There is mi doubt that a
dispatch was received yesterday by the Gov
ernment that General Pid-ett had found it
nece.-sary to fad back to Kinston, and was
then pertoi tiling that movement.
Tt.e report, whicn wc copied iu our columns
y est: day, of the cutting of the railroad is un
derstood to have been intended to prevent
reinforcements reaching the garrison at N'ew
bern. But whatever may have been the
result of the affair, we are I ft to conclude
that Gcu- rai Pickett f.-ui'd the enemy's Works
at Xewberu too strong to rirry by assault,
and lias retired ; his six briee.iles o mf'antry,
with artille-y and eavalry to match, havieg
turned out to be a suctes-dul foraging expedi
tion. The defences of Newborn are certainly of
tho inoft formidable description, and, from
what, we can learn.aic wen caicuiare-i io num
stand tt-.e perils of any assault. The town is
situated between two rivers, and. the strip of
land, not more than a m'le vide; is slid 10 be
traversed by avleep ditch, tueu'y feet wide,
with a gunboat stationed at etch of its ex
tremities. The Curukncy Hiu,. Wc are well assured
that the Confederate Senate has passed the
currency bid in secret session, and that what
is known as Oldham's plan a tax on the
currency is rejected.. The House bill was
radically amended ; and wo are disposed to
believe that the ground of compromise be
tween the two Houses wiil be the constitution
of a new currency limited to two hundred mil
lions of dollars, aud sustained either by a
pi dge ot coiton, or a special appropriation f
future revenues. Tne fact is. Cor gross has
g l to sea again on the currency, and before
the two Houses can accommodate their dilferen
ces, it is not unlikely the session' may expire.
The Department or the SothwesT We
learn that dispatches were received here yes
terday, from General Polk, at Meridian, Mis
sissippi, referring to a contemplated inoveo ent
uf the enemy from Yaxoo City. It is supposed
to be the design of the enemy to beseet the St te
of Mississippi and widen the breach which the
river makes between the two portions of the
Confederacy. We suggested, some days ago;
that Sherman's desigi.s Titer neither directed
to Mobile or Texas, as gtucrally supposed, but
wire aimed at General Polk's lines ; and the
recent dispatches confirm this supposition.
More of the Gallant affair at Smitiifield
As the smoke clears away, and the excite
ment always incident to any affair of the kind
subsides, we begin to get minute and reliable
details of the gallant affair at Smithfield last
Monday. An eye witness of the fight, called
upon us yesterday, and placed us iu possession
of such information as enables us to award the
praise due to the gallant North Carolinians who
participated. They consisted of companies E,
I and (3, of the 31st North Carolina, and were
commanded by Capt. Isaac Pipkin, of Murfrees
oero, Hertford county. These companies left
camp at Ivor, at halt-past three o'clock, Mon
day morning, aud made a forced march to
Smithfield, a distance of fourteen miles, by 11 J
a. m Although much jaded aud fatigued, they
marched into the fight with an alacrity worthy
of fresh tro ps. As soon as the Smith Brigys
neared the wharf, Captain Pipkin ordered his
men to within thirty yards of the boat, and
commanded them to allow no Yankee to take
the wheel, or man the guns. The order was
promptly obeyed, and the helmsman, a tall
fellow of dark complexion, no sooner attempted
to tnrn the boat around, than he was shot
djwn. Several then made an effort to man the
guus, but instantly shared the fate of the pilot.
In fact, no Yankee showed his head, who was
not speedi'y greet. d with a minnie b:di. In the
meantime, Sturdivani's Battery of two guns was
playing upon the steamer with terrible effect,
and in a few minutes, the Captain finding the
place too warm to live in, lowered the stars and
stripes, and ran -up the white fhrg, at the same
time, bursting into tears for the loss of his
beautiful steamer.
A detachment of the independent Signal
Corps, under Sergeant Nosworthy, Lieut Roy,
ofthe17th Virginia Rogiment, and Sergeaut
Hec niss, of the 7ih Coafederate Cavalry, are
all spoken of in terms of high praise, for the
very bold and daring manner in which they
tought the enemy. Sergeant Ilennis, one of
the most efficient scouts in the sevice, is said
to" have .exposed himself to the fire of the
enemy with the recklessness that elicited
plaudits from even the Yankee vandals.
Capt Lee, wlro commanded the enernj:, is
said to have been shot through the 3rm a
M innie ball shattering the bone. He made
good his escape, after surrendering to two of
our men. Petersburg Express.
Yankee Lies of the South.
The Northern papers are filled " with? the
most infamous lies of the South all having
the same drift : that "the backbone of the
rebellion is broken,-and theday9of the South
ern Confederacy are numbered No doubt
this is a very pleasing delusion to the Yankees.
We give, as a sample, a few of their stories
we find in their late papers, omitting the
surplusage of language iu which they are
dressed up :
"Bread riots occur almost daily in the
South."
"General Beauregard has expressed the opin
ion that he cannot hold Charleston much
longer."
"One South Carolina regiment, doing duty
at Charleston, bad iutended to deseit, but was
prevented by out? of them giving into- nut ion.
Twenty of the ringleaders were sh- t, and the
rest we.e divided up among the other regi
ments.", "Mutiny is rife in the rebel army. The
Thirteenth Virginia regiment was ordered to
Alabama but refused to go, and were disband
ed and used in filling up other regimeuts as
he only plan to avoid mutiny."
"General Early's expedition was a misera
ble failure. More than a thousand of his vet
erans returned with their hands and feet
frozen."
'Vice and licentiousness hold high carni
val at tl e capital uf King Jeff , though detf.
himself attends St. Paul's church every Si-relay.
c Richnioi.d, once the piettiesi
city in the Union, is but the shadow of what
it was once, and is forever ruined. Pickpock
ets aud garroters carry on their game un
molested,; bfcwdy houses are beyond all pre
cedent, and the wv.ole city swarms with dis-s-
lute characters, 'J Joff D wis is
very unpopular, and Union men are very
numerous in the rebel capital."
" "Lincoln's amnesty proclamation had but a
very meagre circulation. Rut few of the peo
ple of the South ever beard of it, the fear
bting that they would readily accept it. It
is believed that a large maj -rity of the peo
ple, if ft ft to themselvis, would lay down
their arms and accept the terms proposed."
"Tne Union sentiment is growing- very
strong in North Carolina. The people of R d
eigh frequently refuse to let Confederate sol
diers pass through their city, on their way to
Virginia."
"All the worst that has ever been predicted
, of the rebellion is now taking pla-c in the
unfortunate section of country subjected to its
control."
Such is the rnisera' le stuff with which tho
Yankees fire the energies and iutlame the pas
sions of their h reiing" soldiery. Lx J
Another or Beast Butler's Orders.
We are indebted to a friend for a copy.
of
the "
Oid Domiuion,"a Yankee paper publn-l.-
cd in Norfolk.
Iu it w find the following
ordei of Rast Butler, which may prove inter
esting to persons de.-iring to get through our
hues on their way to Yanka- do n :
IIkaiuiitaiiteks ISm A.iMvO i;rs,
Department of Va.. and N. C.,
Fort Monroe, Va., Jan. 21, IsOl.
)
General Orders No. 12
Inasmuch as the rebels of the Confederate
Sta'es are sen-ling their Women and children
through the lines of this Department, and re
taining by law, all able-bodied male persons,
it is ordered : -
I. '1 hat no whfbCrwonion or children will
be permitted io come through the lines, with
out a pass Imr.i these headquarters, or the
headquarters of the Army of X'-rtii Carolina.
II. . All able-bodied men will' he received,
detained until reported to these Headquarters.,
or th headquarters of the Distiiet and Aiiny
of North Carolina, and' orders are givu con
cerning them.
HI, Nothing in this order shall be con
strued in conflict with General Oid -r, No. 4U,
rehiring t" colored p-Tsons.
Bv command of Major General Butler.
R. S. Da vi,
Major and AssistanfAdjutant General.
In connection with the above hosjdtihle
greeting from the "Beast' to those vh desiie
to shirk duty and realiiC jibgotlen gains, wa
commend the follow'.! g, which we extract
from an article in the Ri-dtmnu-1 Iviquirer. of
ye.-terdav, on the subject of " Y'ankec Prison
Life " : "
Here are three specimens from Petersburg,
arrived at Fort Norfolk two brothers, l).ui',
and a f How named Myers. On arming at
Norfolk they deposited in the Express office,
for transmi-siot to New York, some ten t otis
aud dollars in greenbacks, six or seven thous
and in gold, and the same amount in diamonds.
Butler's nose is" too keen to miss suchi fish
trail. The transfer from the Express office to
his coffers was elfectrd with the facility a long
practice ensures. They may pace their nar
row pas-sage in the agony of their bereave
ment, thrust tiieir long noses through the bars,
and with their fishy eyes gaze longingly in thtf
direction of Old Point, where Butler is clink
ing toeit' .coin and admiring the brilliancy
of their diamonds 1 hey designed going
to New York most probably for the pur-
j)os(3 ot shipping lanKee notions to the
South. l hey are nicely to rem un in prison
until Butler las spent their plunder. The
meantime they may spend lamenting their
hard fate and vishing themselves safely back
in Dixie. Miserable devils, let them fry in
their own grease.
A Declaration for Peace. In the Yan
kee House of Representatives, on tlw 2oth
ult., Hon. Fernando Wood delivered a speech
in opposition to a resolution explanatory of
the confiscation act. 1 1 is concluding' rem irks
are reported as follows :
The administration and the party in power
were opposed to the restoration of the Union,
and desired a continuance of the war by which
to accomplish designs of partisan adrantange.
The ruling elements were fanaticism and cor
ruption. Thus the war i- sustained. Under
-the plea of patriotism the most damnalo
deeds were being perpetrated. This war must
cease. It was commenced without cause and
has been prosecuted without glory, and wiil
end iu national improverisnment, disintegra
tion, ai:d ruin. Th'-so who favored the war
favored disunion. Peace is the only hope of
restoration. It wasidje to talk of the policies
of the war. lt made no diticrence w hat were
the policies. ll.e result would be tho sub
verson of republican institutions, and witter
destruction. He was nptyigril to the conduct
of the South, but was equally opposed to the
conduct d' the North, under the Republican'
policy. Both were for dissolution. Let us,
therefore, attempt a peaceable solution of the
difficulty. Peace must come sooner r later.
Why not procure it bet";ie both sections wvre
exhausted and all their materhd interests de
stroyed? Mr. Wood appealed earnestly to
the boasted spirit of Christian civiliz ai-m of
progress and of common humanity to throw
itrx-lf into the arena aud save the American
people.
Be cp and Doing. It has Veen askid
where are the men of oratorical ability in
this crisis? Where are4he men who, when
there are election contests on hand, are found
in every locality to enter the field for person
al ends, and are now mute? Their accents
are heard at every political gathering. Their
voices swell into loud tones of dera inciation
and mutual reproach at every barbecue mA
stump theatre of political eloquence. Why
are they mute now, when oratory could do
much good? Is the voice of Georgia's sons
stifled, so rich in natal eloquence. Awake,
ye men of might, in the fields ol oratorical
fame I Here are laurels to be gathered wor
thy of the highest Rights of genius and the
sublimest efforts. Atlanta Intelligencer.
.A Western paper annoyed by the periphra
sis " American citizens of African descent,''
offers " unbleached Americans," as a shorter
and more expressive term.
.TELEGRAPHIC.
REPORTS OF TUB PRESS ASSOCIATION'.
Entered according to act of Congress in th year
1SG3, bv J. S. Thrasher, in the -Clerk's ulfice
of the District Court of the Confederate States
for the Northern District of Georgia.
Confederate State? lonsrcss.
Richmond, Jan. 5.
In the Senate to-day the Huuse bill to increase
th eftieieney of tho armr by the employment of
Degrees in certain capacities, was reported upon
favorably by the Senate Military Committee, and
pl.ieed on the calendar.
The general appropriation billVas amended and
passed : one amendment proposed th.it no salary
be paid anyj nflicer appointed under .Provisional
Government unless he has b?en re-appointed and
conOrroed since by the permanent CioTernment ;
but at the solicitation of several Senators it was
withdrawn. The bill exempting farmers and
planters who furuhhed substitutes, was on mothm
taken up from the table yeas 14, navs 8, and
made the special order for Tuesday next at 1
o'clock.
In the House, evidence was submitted of the re
enlistinent of large numbers of troops from various
States, and res-du: ions of thanks adopted.
The Senate bill to organize a general staff for
the army, was discussed but not disposed of.
Both Houses in secret session most of the dir. It
is umicrstood tint the House Judiciary Commit
tee in secret session last night, reported a bill
authorizing the Presid nt to suspend the Ilabeis
Cerpus, which is now under 'consideration in secret
sesion in that body.
The tax bill is under consideration ia secret ses
sion in the Senate.
RtcHMosn, fet. o.
In the House to-day the Senate bill to provide
for the orgnniza ion of the general staff, was taken
up and postponed indefinitely yeas 31, navs tT).
The bill passed to pay any private or inf ri-r
officer who under orders of a superior officer per-
foriK temporary staff" duty.
Th" Military Committee rejiorteel favorably and
recommended the passage uf an act to repeal the
law relative to property ditryed under military
necessity, and provides for tli- payment fur same
out of the sequestration fund. A lengthy debate
ensuing on the motion it was postponed indefinite
lyyeas 51, nays 1C.
A bill to authorize the President to appoint 1
chief tjuarteruiasti r nnd Commissary witli the
rank of Colonel in each army ; the rank of Li-.-ut.-Colonel
in each aunr corps, and the rank of Major
in each division, was taken up and rejected veas
3.f, nays .fi.
From Tennessee.
MoHiiisTowv, Feb .1.
, Private W. II. Roberts, of Company A, 21st
Mississippi Regiment, Humphrey's brigade, was
shot to-day for deserting his regiment to join a
cavalry regiment.
The trains are now running to ftogersviHe June
tion. We have nothing of iutoreet to report from
tne froi.t.
Mokhi-towv, Feb. 6,
Private George Smith, company A, 43d Alabama
Volunteers, was shi t here to-day for desertion.
Major tliltiier's brigad-ma le a da.-h upo i the
enemy's outpost on Thursday and captured 11
priscners and killed 8.
Trains now run to this point.
From Charleston.
CilAKkKKTON, Feb. "l.
The enemy keep up an occasional lire on Sum
er. Six idiots vv re tired yesterday inornin, and
three last night the firmer striking the Fort, and
the latter exploding uveihead. Eiht t-hot were
lined at the city to-d.iy. The en -my's batteries
and Monitors have kept uj a slow lire on the
wreck of the Presto the Monitors fired 11 and
15-inch shells.
CiiAni.KTox, Feb, 5.
Kighty-five shuts fuvl nt the eity to day.
Noli inj; at Sumter. Tho enemy h is been ut
w trkalldiy h;:uling ammunition t . (Jregg and
Cuiiiniin'i Point ba-fteries.
There h is betM) a hir ! firo on Fully I?.l.in-1 to
day, supposed to hi thj burning of tho Yanked
H . ital.
A minbi.at in Kdisto river is lying high and dry;
it is believed she will bo destro'ed.
Chaulestox, Feb. 7.
The enemy have ceased fii ing on the city, but
continue w oi king on their batteries and hauling
nimunition. Noth ng else of intere st.
From 'Mobile.
Mjpnir.K, PY1. 4.
A special despatch to the Evening Nevvs from
Okalona, says th-re is no sign of the enemy in
Northern Mississippi or West Tennessee, only iu
Memphis ind (ermanto-,vn the Yankee pro
grams of advancing from Vicksburg iuto central
Alabama necessitating an abandonment of Mobile.
Our forces occupy Corinth and Jackson. The
enemy destroyed everything and carried off the
stock of farming implements and the 'household
furniture. Many funics have to go t-j Memphis
or suffer the destruction of everything.
The strem cavalry force which crossed Big
Plaek yesterday or tlnj day before, was tuet by
Jaek.-on's calalry, when a lively fi;ht ensued.
There will perhaps be a general advauvc.
Monu.K, Fob. 5.
A special dispatch to the Evening News, dated
Clint ut, till, says, Sh ;r;uan, with tw c-rp un
der Mol'hers-m and Hurlbert, is advancing.
(Jen. Jackson has fought them all day. They
mide but two miles to-d.iy. Th;y cimp to nig'it
six or eight miles below Clinton. Prisoners re
port that they are thirty thousand strong, tier..
lvss whipped them on tho Yazoo yoterd ly hand
to hand with pist-ds.
Mor.n.K, Feb. 5.
Appcu.il db-patch t th Register and A-l . rt i-( r.
dated J i--k-on the 4th, says the enemy c::i ii.-ni-.
e-l crossing the ltg HU0 on yjsfsrliy. ml t!irv
over six regiments of infantry, two of eai-ahv,
and two bat'alion. Taj r.iilmd Fri 1 ly was
attempted to be cro-sed by messengers, but f die I.
They are now attempting to cross at Itir-l.-on-'s.
The city is full of rumors and cxeiteu.ent. All
are confident.
From Gen. Lee's Army.
Okaxoe C. II.", Feb. 5.
Kincheloe, of Prince Wlliam cavalry, s-nt in
a batch of prisoners captured near Kettle Hun,
in Faiquier county, on Sunday last. Th -y be
longed to the 5th corps and report everything
quiet in their lines.
Our scouts report thathe enemy are granting
furloughs quite liberally to re-enlisted men.
Ricnvoxn, Feb. 0, nVj Orange C. II.
To Gex. S. Cooper: On the 30th u't, General
Rosfer captured a train of 'J.1 wagons loaded with
commissary stores and foragtf on their way from
New Creek t Petersburg, also 3i'0 mules and 20
prisoners. The guard of 800 infanty escaped to
the moun.ains. Our loss 250 killed and wounded.
Information of an advance upon Petersburg hav
ing been received, the garrison was evacuated
during the night. 0a the 2d, Rosscr destroyed
the bridges bver Patterson's Creek and captured
42prisoners. Two hundred and seventy prison
ers, 60 wagons and teams, 1,200 cattle, and 500
sheep have been brought off. Ocn. Itosser has
shown great energy and skill, and his command
deserves great credit. . .
(Signed) .R.E.LEE.
Oraxoe, C. II., Feb. 7.
Ths? enemy crossed in large force on Saturday
at Morton's ford, but after a sharp contest were
repulded by General Ed.vjr I Johnson's division
and driven across the river aort purmed. o
troops returnert tnis mornin. Tne ineinv ..
tempted to cross at Iiarnett's lord, but were r
pulsed by Gen. Scales' N. C. brijrade and ;, r , ..
Lomax's cavalry brigade. Casualties Might,
enemy have returned.
second DUrATCIl.
Oiuxon, C. 1!.. Y b. k-iJ
One Cartain ami 2f rrirati a rai.tun .1 .i o
nett'a Ford by Urn. Early's divUmn wag tr-u .
in this morning.
The enemy crossed at Uarnett's Ford etsU- e
morning but soon re-crossed again.
From Richmond.
Ktraixoyp, F. !. 7.
It i reported that th? Yank-VM nr- 1r,,r.i .
in considerable force towards thi city !,,;., .-
Peninsula.; Heavy firing heard thi n., ;. ,
I. 0u .llrnpf ii.n nf l'.itttiim'i brid '.. n
1 . a .u. v... v. ...... v -. - - 1 1, (
lars received.
ShTOXD ClfrATCIl.
UiBiiyosr-, F, !,
The information from below is inetigr- nr. 1 -
a : : TU tim -f l1n en.Min- ij f.... ..
about five rejrinieut.- One report is t'.v ;
wpr rerulsed: another, that th-v cr;.. I
Chiekahominy near Whit- Oak Sw nip. , ;,
prehension exists here of furth-r appn-a !. ;
movement is believed t b a rttid firth-.; . ,
tion of property, of a diversi-ia to dra v .if. :,
from movements elsewhere.
ru:n: Msr-Atm.
Hum v - v. I. ,. v
sent that the Yankee frev uiir fi it ;i ir, ,i
Bottom's llricge, ha 1 fa '.'.-a b.i nine v :., .
Tallevsville, wh-Te thr were r,-lnt'.-.----l V .
nal A.l.litl.i.ml Ii-giiue!lt ilit'o try :in-J - .
The situation wis urlh.iiig ! thf: 1.1 mi- . i
another demon.-dr.iti. n by the enemy ise ,
to-day.
Lieutenant -(Jcneral lhvd has roiio-,i!, l . '
Confederate troois em the lint of th- (''
hominy.
1 01 nil! nrrrn.
Ki' !iM"-1, F. it.
Gov. Gamble, of Missouri, died on th- v :
(borgelJ. Kyle, a strong I " n i .1-i - . .... ,
Ibiyard of Delaware, in the Yankee So -it..
The latest information from In low i-:!..,
Yankees hare taken the back tiail t r NY, ...
burg. The movement was probably inf;. !. -i
reeonaoissnee.
The impression prevail h -retlKU th-M.. .'
paign will com uu nee at an earU day.
Hostilities on the Kapidan till pn-l .d o I.
layed until the recovery of Meade, w... at ;,(
counts was con rah sent at his home in P, ; :.
vania.
Weather favorable for military tu. Tute r t-.
Death of Hon. John V. Wilcox.
Kli'H M 'N I'. Fi
Hon. John A. Wilcox, of Texas numb-rot
llous of liepreseiitatiie-. di opp-'d '.-a-l m a 1
uient at his room yel'-i.lay iiiomiiig. hiY
patently in peifVct health.
No busine.it was t ransa-. led to-tl.iv in . i:!.
the branches of Congress. se j t tic an -M:
ment of his death and the pa.-ag olapp :;
rr.-o:iuious an i e uuign's i . re pi -ih-ii-.p
SenaW by Mcrs. Wigtall ot T- xn, !!
t... .. m...t r vi ; .., .1 ,.
House by Sexton of Texas. Sn.iili of r.
lii:a, MelUe, of Mi.-Mv-ip) i, Atkins and .!!.
Tennessee.
Slesf or Charleston. '
The enemy renewed their lire upon tie-eY 1
terday e.-Ve-iong. Seventeen she'ls wie I:.,:
to l e'elork this nioruiug.
a-j t .
A UMII .MOUilor tn:i:e ilj peal ;M;ee 1:
harbor to-day. Position t the !1 - t ia
respects 11 n change p.
The enemy are engaged in nn-tu.tii ;r -
guns at Wagner bentii upon the eh.o.i. !.
An official dispatch from Lake ci:, 11 ;
1 v.i j iu ..r i ......
u.ili POI 11 iir II I . lit in - or nil
boat j aiaf transput ts as having a, 1 iv. d .u .1
sosivilli), I'lot iUa. It is believed that a l.i - ;
has been landed nnd were said to have t ..
vanciog last niht.
Erom Tennessee.
MoititisT-iwv, FY-. '
Reports f'om Knoxvillo and v.-iri'-n- - r
represent the garrison there in gn at c iY'
from Ftnall pox, which there are 7" e;i. s
scarcity of rations. Prisoners c.iptuii' I 1
bread in ado of unbaked flour.
Col. H. L. Gilmer, i th Kentucky c m'' ,
been commissioned ISrigadicr General.
Trains run to Strawberry Plain.-, withiu '.'
of Knoxvillo.
Yankees In Florida.
KieiMOM, I - ! '
Some official information bus lnn n iv
the arrival ot IS gunb.-ats and transport at
sonville, Florida. The enemy presumed n !
large force had landed, and wtie i-p
vaneing Saturday niht.
From the N'oithand Europe.
Ito 1; i.vr . I '
The flag of truov boat r-a- li--l City P 'v
day. The Hultitnoro Am ri- in -f tie- ItY
Denmark absolutely ri -ts th- ultim.it.--Priis-si
and Austria, calling f.r th- .r
of the November constitution up .n t ; 1 '.
their oceup iti- n, and Sehbj.wig, in e a
i..- r..i . . ........
01 mis remsm, seni envoys i- ues
meet at Copenhagln.
The proposition f-r th new Fr '" 'i '
12,000,000 pound stctlg mot with cv'r. : !
fuceef-s. The bids xcce-liiig t'.irl" u t :
iinio intri'piircd.
The I.'ird'-n st-.i'k ovc'oirg" ws f. e-r '
eequenec of the warlike :i.-j -ct of .0! or '
many.
Autiian tr'j ips were on th.ir w.y f
S;li!cs w ig.
The IlcMcin Cotir-.'derati' t-'in r- e -
Cott'-n heavy ; breadstuff a-lvan I.
Tin? American says Won-11 "v 1
near Sprinirtield, where an tiga..'--n-
the Id. The rebN were detent- 1 an-! ' Y
taken at Patterson's Creek recaptur -!
The rebels have rafdiired ai d !
Levi, on the Kanawha liver. I. i.'-e ; r
Scarmmon and one of his stall' u "'
the boat.
Th att-nipt of the rebels l- ik- N
haid-onifdy repuls-.d. It is b-li ' - ''
forces are able to bold the l it v.
On the 2sth, Col. Phillips dt- v-
North side of the Tennessee riivr,
1 .t;
trains, 200 rattle andtfOO l.-al t '!
Gold unchanged.
1 r-
Later from tlic Xortli.
m Kieittfovui 1
The Yankee Home of Representative-'
a bill reviewing the grade of Lieut. G-n- r i
recommended Gen. Grant for the p-isiti
James D. Clay died, recently in Canada.
A .Vew Orleans letter to the New Yolk -dated
the 2Cth Januarv, says, all parties '
citv declare Mobile about b. ing attacV
Farraguton wattr, and with troops by b'' 0
land. The La France lays, the Florida : '
lenged Kearargeto afah- fight. Tln'la '"r',iv
accepted, they intend going a few mil "Ut t '
and settle the differences at the canni u'' r.m-
The Alabama has destroyed the Vat,k--e
ntrt i, ci..:o r.r s.,,t.. V.. .-.a
11iili.b. ill in.: mi a.i. ri .ul.u.i. 1 -
cargo valued at one million.