THE CONFEDERATE.
MYKBSESDAY, Martli 0, 1S01.
1 'indents from Xcnbern.
V"c have in our passesioii a copy cf the
44 North Carolina Tiaiea- edited by George Mills
Joy, Vunhe, at Newborn. The number is filled
with many and varied articles. It has, in the
first place, the usu il anount of advertisements
for rntiiiir the property of our c'tizen to make
sad the hearts of poor refugees who, driven avf ay
from home, deprived of its comforts, and actu
a'lv suflYring from want, arc thus compelled to
pee, week by week, vandal Yankees and their
negro aQsoeiates installed into their dwellings,
n.vl rioting in the possession of their hard
earned pr -petty.
Next are advertisement.'? of the sale of what
israllel abandoned property abandoned plan
tation. T'.iij means, that whenever lojal cit
izens, patriots, lovers of their country, have
prefered exile to association with their in
vaders and t!ie abhorrent annoyance?! of their
rub. and g iveruni jut, then their lands, planta
tions an J property (such as cannot be stolen by
the officers) is offered f.,r pale and rent to
Yankees, niirer nud tories, who reside and do
business in the enemy's liner, and swear to do
all "glance to his Government, to the acts of the
Yankee Congress on sdavery, and to Lincoln's
proclamation- t all such the privilege of bid
din" for the houses an 1 homes of our worthiest,
be t eit zen-j of the ancient town, i accorded.
Next along-ide of these insulting, aggrieving
.a lvertise:ii'.-Mt, is a short but significant edito
1 i al ia th'-e w.jr.l :
"The I'-ople'i Press, published at Salem, in
For?thi! county, lias joined tha Raleigh Con
servative Preas, and is very defiant in its ntti
tule." 4 It is a very able paper." Xetrbern
To u.', Vv. 'JHGeorye Mills JoyYanl:ce.
Thu-i a new associate is accorded to the Pro
crCH.'n vr-nf a'.lc paper" whose tone, like
that of the Progress, i " very d'fiinl. lone,
uUwesav? V.'e .-hould bve aid "attitude."
At'iml'. is the vrrd usel. 1'y attitude, the
'Times' Joy, i: i:.tor, evidently refers to the
Progresshaving in iew this paper's " falling
bae'e 0:1 its sovereignty " Of course, in order
; f.:'! .-', one mn-t be in a con lition, or
cH-.iu !' t do so and thus, the People's Press,
t g -:h -r with the Raleigh Progress, r.re assigned
their nih'iuh by the Yankee Joy nt Newbern.
And fir the cheer and comfort, edification and
encouragement of the Yankee Government and
Yankee people, this new ally of the Progress is
hailed and welcomed into the Raleigh Conser
vative Tress, with their dcfiaut attitude defiant
of their own Government.
Mr. William W. Ilolden's announcement that
he is : candidate for Governor, will form iu
" Joy's " paper the theme of a still more cheer
ing annunciation.
More Incidents from Xvwbern.
A INVITATION To CI'.KAKl'AST A Hf.KTl XG
T 1 MCIM.'KF.
A! .Msid of the d"pro.siog a Wertisements
t f t 1 .1 i!j and rent of t i 1 1 property of refu
gees i:i tii t r.vu of Newbern, is a paragraph
bv J.'v," the in .the fi'Iowing
Words:
' Penningt of lti'""oh, sty tint he
' h r.l 1 l'd;o vorv mnoli to net somo of our
,M.iee. fresh white shad. Well, John, wo
have been luxuriating upon them for the
past two ( r thru; weeks, and will agree, if
' you will vUit Newborn, lake the oath of
4 allegiance, and behave, yourself with pro-
priety, and drink r.o more of that Chinese
v.uri-luw, t give you a splendid breakfast
on broiled shad."
Ki. h, rare and racy this, to be sure. Mark
the atiVL'ti-nare intimacy the recognition of
au identity of stripe " Pennington of Raleigh
nv"' tin easy familiarity as one known,
tl. r.'iu'lily understood, perfectly appreciated.
" Well, JJin," you are all light wc know
you weii and all those who make up your
cjvj'S k b-iliei, tl.ey are a!I right. Do you
want shad, John ? ''nice fresh and white?'
C r.v.c ilo.vu. Pay a visit to Xewbern. There
are ou'.y three conditions to jour enjoyment
tv.,f tirin easy the other mora difficult,'
V.:t u ! impossible.
Take the oath of allegiance, drink no more
C'..ine-e s.iui-show, and behave yourself with
lrpri tv."
Toe Progress has not a right of complaint
against tlietoue from this Yankee occupant of
th. h :n.'s ,fth seit calls fellow citizens. For-
T!.e Progress has carried Joy to the heart
of thai Yankee, time an 1 again, by denounc
ing and defying the Government which that
Yankee is endeavoring to overthrow. The
Progre.-s has furnished columns of matter to
that Yankee, week after week, t) put in his
paper, to encourage his people to continue in
the npattou of our homes.
The Progress 1ms j ined with that Yankee
iu di-parauing cur prospects and depressing
our people.
And no longer than the day before yester
day, tbe Pr sjress proposes a coa'ition with
th' fTiow-snbj.'ts of that Y'ankee, on a basis
of some national re-union with them ; which
r.ev evidence of its good will, makes another
half column for the Yankee 4 Joy."
Fellow-citizens, we commit to you these ex
traordmary occurrences vr.ihetrd of before in
time of war ! Is there to be uo end of them ?
Is a new excitement now to be opened up in our
mid't an 1 this people to writhe under it
from now till August ?
Pkincii-als who have Repohtcd to Camp
Yoli -NTAMLY : .John Tippetts, W. W. Mcln
nis, Daniel, Utley.
The above named Principals all reportedto
Col. M allot t. They sought no escape through
huoas corjats, but have gone in cheerfully
Theirs is a worthy example, and it is due to '
f-'iK h as they, that all should be made to follow ;
Principals J. P's Mayors Town Com
HiUioners Constables all these can be had
-hove the age, for the asking.
Yet Further Incidents from Xewbcrn.
The Silvek-Grey-FoX."
On the anniversary of the birth of the im
mortal Washington, in our late home of New
bern, now' contaminated hy the presence and
occupancy of the invaders, with his horde of
wretches who pol'uto our homes and despoil
our property on the 221 of Febrnary at
Ncwhern, these enemies, with their tory com
panions, did outrage to the day, by holding a
celebration.
In that display, wag a Fireman's parade,
under the auspices of one Cp'ai:i Denny, who
has a hatchet and axe company of 30 men.
The Times, edited by Geo. Mills Joy, Yaukee,
thus nr.ticfs the turn nut:
"The Fireman's celebration on Monday lat
passed c ff very successfully. The line or-g-anVzed
on Broad street. -
Foster Engine co. No. 1 61 men.
IIoLuen n)o'and Ladder No. 1
o
G3 men.
" Tl e Foster Engine was very neatly and
elaborately t: mimed."
" Tie Huldkn truck, also. Tlie apparatus,
was beautifully trimmed. On top of the
IIoldkx tiiu-k was perched a Silver-Grey Fox,
that was very uneasy in its position and at
tracted much attention."
' The Foster Engine is named after General
Foster who was once saved from death at
Wilmington by the tender nursing of one j
of th.? kindest and most excellent ladies of
North Carolina ar.d who recompensed the
humanity afterwards bv stealing the articles
of furniture out of the houses of the people of
Newborn and b stowing them upon Ids white!
wife and colored mistresses. This Engine!
was named in his honor the General once
commanding the invaders at Newborn.
The IIoldek truck which came next in
order; after fVster's, the thief's, in this
Yankee procession was named in houor
of Mr. William JV. Ilolden of Raleigh
sircj yesterday, candidate (or Governor of j
North Carolina. The IIoldkn truck of the j
Ib-LOEN hook and lad ler company of the fire j
Department at Newborn. On this truck was j
an apparatus, and perched thereon "a Silver
Grey Fox'1 a fox that attracted much atten
tion and " that was very uneasy iu its post-
tion."
The IIolden truck. Truck ! This word
points an enquiry. What truckltng has
Mr. IIolden done, that his name,, now while
we ;ire in dreaful -war, designates a por
tion of the display, In a cerebration of our
enemies? How has he truckled to our iuva-
1
ders, that thus lie obtains at their hands this j
distinguished consideration ?" And on the top, !
to surmount the IIolden Truck? What is
there of re-emblance between Mr. IIolden and
a "Silver Grey-Fox?" "What of dispo
sition, habit or character do the Yankee
admirers of Mr. II lden see alike in him and
a " Silver Grey Fox ?'' The bx is an artful,
cunning, low, rftceitful, mischievous,' false,
treacherous beast. Why should the Yankees,
while thus honoring Mr. Ilolden, thus associate
him ?
And this "silver-grey fox" attracted much
atteution on a Holden truck with ap
paratus beautilully trimmed in a Yaukoe
procession close after a Foster Engine in
our conquered town of Newbeiu on the birth
day of our Washington !
Iut the "silver-grey fox win wiry uneasy
in his position". Fox as he was, he was not
wholly lost to all sense of honor, all sense of
phame, all sens? of danger. One or the otherf
or perhaps a little of both emotions, conspired
to his uneasiness. Well may this FOX feel
uneasy. The hunters are after him the
woods are open the coursers are fleet of
foot, and Newberne and North Carolina, will
not always be safe for it.
This is the first picture of the cardidate for
Governor in North Carolina, sent up for pre
sentation to the people f.om the columns of
the Times Geo. Mills Joy, Yankee, Editor.
It would be a very extraordinary man that
can thus hold the affections of both sides in a
time of deadly war cati strictly maintain
the faith with both be honored by one iu
public celebrations and elected Governor by
the other.
Habeas Corpus Writs Refused.
We understand that Judge Battle has lately
refused to issue the writ of Habeas Corpus in
a n jmher of cases, when applied for by per
sons who had placed substitutes in the array ;
on the ground, that the writ was suspended
in all such cases by the.late act of Gorgress.
We have also understood that such is the
opinion of Judge Manly. Thus two of the
three Judges ol the Supreme Court hold that
the writ is suspended, and there- is as little
doubt, fopm reliable information which we
have, that they wouhl hold the law also mak
ing principals of substitutes liable to military
duty, constitutional and valid to all intents
and purposes.
It was rumored yesterday, however, that
Chief Jus'ice Pearson had ordered the arrest
of an Enrolling Officer in Guilford County, to
answer for a contempt in not obeying the
mandate of a writ of Habeas Corpus, issued
by him ; the officer in doing sit, making re
turns in accordance with the act, and acting
under ordersof his superiors. Is Judge Pear
son determined to bring about a collision be
tween the State and Confederate authorities ?
It would seem so. lie should remember that
there are other Judges in - the State besides
himself, and that the opinion of his two asso
ciates on the Supreme Court Bench are en- '
titled to the tame consideration as his own.
He ie assuming a fearful responsibility.
As for the substitute men, they had a well
take the field at once, and save their credit.
Judge Pearson cannot help them out. .
Mr. Long'.s Second Letter .tad liis last.
Th claima of ancient friendship, perhaps i
woul I be bt tter recognized by us if we were to j
-decline the publication of this last epistle. But ;
we firs not the guardian of " our old classmate," I
nnd it may be as well at once to give him the
rope and let Lira save tha trouble to another, by
doing for himself what seems to he inevitable. '
.We the more readily comply, because his last
is a picture of the artist in a character of his
own selection, and sketched by himself. If he j
doe ..not pass muster on this representation, '.
we can do nothiug more for him. In undertak-
tng Romeo, however, he loses us ourcook. We
have an intolerable aversion to ' High life be- j
law stairs." We made him cur cook rather for J
the comedy of the thing. When he contemplates '
tragedy, Le mast leve our service. We want j
no dead Itomecs and Juliets in our kitchen.
We note particularly the points of the letter,
which we especially present for the public obser
vation. First, the following : .
" I have a great fancy to be called by my j
right name. It is James, sometimes called !
. i
Jeemes, and by the vulgar, Jim just as we say
Pun can, Dunk., vulgarly Donkey." i
Now, wo readily admit that our old friend i
may have many aliases, and we can understand j
why: but, we protest, if we have any, we do
not know it. 44 The vulgar" may designate
us, as the letter snys but our associations are j
with gentlemen, and we never know of such ap- i
pellativcs unless intruded on us befure we
find it out, ns in the present instance.
The second quotation we mark is
44 But how is it that you were not made a
General? If I understand it correctly, some
say that you based your, application on the
ground of your happy faculty of having a regi
ment slaughtered ani coming oil' safe yourself."
We are not blind to the innuendo. It is just
one of those friendly stabs, that an old friend
of a peculiar honesty, would be inclined to give.
The public will perceive that this s rther a
serious insinuation, as it intimates an accusa
tion that, while an officer, we recklessly exposed
the lives of our men, and cowardly preserved
our own. We might administer the severity to
this wanton accusation wl:ch tne provocation
merits. But we are not in the mood. We in
tend this paper a? a vehicle of good taste and
decency. If we have departed from the rnle in
introducing the correspondence under discus
sion, it is the fault of the letter writer mere than
our owu.
But as this is not the first occasion of a sim
ilar insinuation, Ave owe it to ourselves to
enquire, what will our brother officers Col.
Garrett. Lt. Col. Lee, Capt. Robinson, and others
say of the two points of this attack? What
will Cols. Terry and Ilairston of the 24th Va.,
who were shot down on our left? What will
these officers say of our responsibility for the
charge at Williamsburg, aud cur conduct in it?
Wre know what our General Early will respond,
if this meets his eye. And Lieut. Gen. Hill is
not free from obligation to us, both in this and
other matters, to put now so distiuctive a refu
tation before the public, that calumny will be
silenced.
In conclusion, we recommend to Mr. Long,
in future, to rend his communications for pub
lication to the Newbern Times, cdi'edby Geo.
Mills Joy. Yankee. , His claim upon us in
only that of aucient friendship ; while upon
Mr. Joy he can urge a present aflmity ; and
wc don't know hov soon, they two may meet.
In order to ensure the perusal of this second
letter, wc have stated at the beginning, that
it will Le the hist. We know no better mode
of attracting for it attention. .
TIic Souther;! Express.
We a?,ree- with the Richmond Examiner
that the Southern Express Company deserves
the unaffected tha: ks of the country, and es
pecially of the army, for the patriotic and
liberal arrangement they have made to carry
all packages of food rr.d wearing apparel to
our troops in the field. To meet the wants
ot the soldiers, aud to give them a certain
and speedy communication with home, the
Southern Express Company has agreed to give
this freight preference over everything else.
Packages (not more than one hundred pounds)
should be sent to the Soldiers' Relief Associ
ation: In North Carolina, at Raleigh; in
South Carolina, at Gdinnbia ; in Georgia, at
Augusta; in Alabama", at Montgomery ; or to
any other point at which one- of these Asso
ciations have an office. The troops in North
ern Virginia will hereafter get, ahead of all
other freight, packages addressed to them
thorough these channels; and it is promised
that if the Relief Associations will establish
agencies in the rear of other armies, they shall
enjoy the same privileges.
The Chatham Railroad Company;
At a meeting of the Stockholders of the
Chatham Railroad Company, held in Raleigh
on yesterday, the following gentlemen were
elected Directors:
Kemp P. Battle, of Wake; George W.
Mordeeai, of Wake ; Dr. W. J. Hawkins,
of Warren ; S. S. Royster, of Granville ; Elias
Bryan, of Chatham; John C. Washington,
of Lenoir; ind J. M. Heck, of Wake.
At a meeting of the Directors subsequently
held, Kemp P. Battle, Esq., was elected Pres
ident, and W. W. Yass Secretary and Treas
urer. In answer to some inquiries on the subject,
we state that we cannot receive club subscriber!
at less than our regular rates.
We see from Mr. Holden's card, that he
announces himself a candidate for Governor.
It is net known whether Gov. Vance will
be a candidate for re election or not.
Some doubts have been cast upon the reported
death of Brownlow. At the time we wrote a
brief notice in his memory we were ourself io;
clined to discredit the fact. . We are assured,
however, since then, by parties recently from
Knoxvdle, and also learn from others who have
conversed with Col. Burke, the Federal flag of
truce officer,' that it is so. The parson is there
foredead. Atlanta Intelligencer.
Judge Pearson's Opinion. (
Mt rcvic-iTcu ai lasi itiK.opinion or Lhirf
Justice .IWson in tho case of Walton, the
Principal who Iradf put in a Substitute.
In considering it, we waive thesa pevcral
fact :
First That .T idge Pear.onrs prejudices and 1
sympathies against the Confederacy, and his
previous decisions, had prepared the. publie
mind for this decision.
Second That this opinion is delivered after
those of Judge Halyburton of Virginia, Judge
Lockraiue of Georgia, and Judge Munro of
South Carolina, on the some question all of
whych concurred and such legal judicial minds
might and ought to be considerel as having"
established a precedent to settle "the cse, in
order that the law may he uniform.
- Third That Judge French of this State, had
decided the identical question thereby fulfill
ing the very condition which would impose an
obligation as Judge Pearson had himself re-'
cognized. ,
We say we waiv all these considerations,
and come now to note Judge Pearson's opinion
on itSjinerits; and wc confess to wonder, disap
pointment and mortification.
It was an occasion which at least claimed
an attitude of dignity,, calm investigation, and
cqmrnanding conclusion, to be euforced by solid
and profound reason. It is eminently deficient
iu all these qualities, an 1 contrasts lamentably
for the author, with the logical anJ respectable
arguments of the other fudges we have named
It sets out to argue two propositions : 1st, Is
Substitution a contract ? " 2 d, 44 Has Congress
power to violate its own contract" '
In the argument upon these . t-vo points.
Judge Pearson mauages to lose sight entirely
of the mignitude of the question at issue, and
conducts the diicnssion ns if he were settling
the inferior rights of individuals on a question
as narrow as a dividing ditch.
If Judge Pearson bo correct, then Congress
being tha sivereiguty of the nat'on as far as
law-making is concerned within the limits of
the Constitution, may so cripple the power of
the nation as to leave it unable to maintain
itself in war, by part'ng with the right to raise
an army and may thus commit Jtlo dc se by a
contract with the individual subjects cf the
nation.
We purpose to" contrast this doctrine with
Judge Pearson's own teaching:
In the case of McRee against the W. & W.
R. R. C, published in 2nd Jones' Law Reports,
Judge Pearson delivered the opinion of the
Court. The facts in that case were, that the
Assembly of 17GG had passed an Act to encour
age Benjamin Ilcrroo to build a bridge over the
North-East branch of the Cape Fear River
and it enacted---
1st. That when the Bridge is built, the bene
fit thsreof shall be vested in him, his heirs and
assigns forever.
2nd That after the Bridge is built,
it shall not be lawful for any person whatever to
"keep any ferry build any briiye., or set any per
son or persons, carriaye or c irriayes, over the said
river, within six miles of the same, under a penalty
of twenty shillings.
It was admitted that Herron built the
Bridge arid the franchise came lawfully to
Dr. Mcllee, .the Plaintiff, and that the de
fendants did build a briiye within six milts
of Ilerron's bridge, and did set persons over,
and. carriages, every day. And' Dr. Meilr.e
sued for the 20 shillings. Judge Pearson
reasoned that, express as were the words of
the act, " it was not the meaning of the par
tics that Ilerron should have a perpetual
monopoly of setting persons over the river
so that the Governor, Council and Assctn
bly, no matter what might be the change
in the condition of things, either in refer
ence to the iucrcascd necessity for transports
across the river or tho impioved modes of
transportation, should never have the power
to authorize any other mode of crossing the
river."
He aid Jt will be unreasonable in Herron,
in consideration of the fervh'es he was to per
form, to exact any such stfpulations; audit
would bo unreas ojuble on the part of the As
sembly, in consideration of building a bridge,
to t ike from themselves ail their successors
the power of doing that for which ail Gov
ernments, (to-wit) promoting the general wel
fare,0 0 0 are formed.
In other word "it is unreasonable to sup
pose, that they intended to surrender the
means by which 0 0 3 they might thereafter
be enabled to elT'Ct the purpo-w for which
the were created and formed into a govern
ment."
In Walton's case Congress, at a period
when the nation was engaged in war with a
very powerful foe had conscrihod an army
for three years if the war should last so long
and had embraced ccrtato persons in the
list of conscription. But had agreed that if
persous so embraced should furnish substitutes
from persons not so embraced, the Govern
ment would accept their substitutes.
Judge Pearson now decides that it is rea
gonable and proper to hold that it was the
meaning of the parties the Government and
the individuals that this contract should so
far bind the Government that although the
enemy might increase his number? over
whelm the existing forces it had at its com
mand and imperil its existence; this con
tract would be so operative that it cannot
call upon these exonerated persons to take
up arms and thus it has utterly " taken from
itself the power not only of "promoting
the public welfare " but of preserving the
public existence thereby " surrendering the
means" of effecting "the purpose for which
it was created and formed into a government."
In one case it was unreasonable to suppose
that the Government would contract with an
individual that if he would build a bridge
no other bridge ahouU bo built iu six miles
of him because in the future public com
merce and public improvements might demand
another bridge within the distance.
In the other case, il is rea&onabU and right
t fi 'ppoao that Government ncedihgn army
rf IP y t!i-liquid men to-day; mt so wn
tirtci wH, iiri'tidnafj that if they furnish
p -nm msn Jn'thdr pbtcrs to; help r,kc tho
fifty th jusa tdi that the gntcrpmrait riiiy
th-r ;'.y pr-eit? h? fts'li'fmrtt 1 Wr tlrealW
calling up'-n thos.) individuals, though tho
very safety of tho n .tion may d-pend tip' n
Ihtdr existence. -
In tlid ne caw, Ga?crnmcnt will not be
suffered1 fat A slight consideration li part !
with tlm menus of fyra vtd.ng for itaCofiVeniene
but in, th ether, will be supposed to part f uh
the mean, f?r a slight corf-nder-iti n, of pre
serving its existence.
Judge Ijrsim iu the case of Walton, see
ing the application, and .fee'i"g the force o(
MclWs case, endcavirs to evade the reason
ing lie ucd in that caa, hf j'tmping to the
other, grourd on which iho decision wa
put. B it the cluamisto wi le f r even
niimbje a mind, propelled by s ardent a will.
The reisoning we have qvted from Jude.
Pearsotijn . Mclles's c ise, U fair'y stated. It
embraces the very points of the Wa'tou cv
in a weaker degree as convenience h '.veiker
than life. The dictum U Jude Pearson's
own: he is bound by it, and the commonest
mind will discover that he ha lcft.Jiim.Tey
wholly unanswerd.
Judge Haily burton in one sentence utters
what tvery intelligent mind will at once ac
cept as common nse and s-umd law.
"Guigress can no mora part with tin pjwer
" to require the service in the army, when
the occasion d .nin 1 it, of vcry able
" bodied ma; t. the community, than it can
' larter away the right to declare war or to
" lay and collect taxis."
Wo shall still be obliged t refer to Judge
Pearson's opinion again.
Mr. Ilolden's Card
We present to-dy th Card of Mr. W. W.
IIolden, announcing h;uiself a eitwlidat fo.
Governor of North Caro'ioa. We are sorry
that Mr. Ilolden has pla cd himself in this
position. We are no enemy of Mr. IIolden.
except at we are hostile to every man who
injures thecau.t? of independence and we j
shall Hud no pleasure in the taj-k which Mr. j
Ilolden's position will devolve up ui in. !
While Mr. Ilolden has in hi political j
cnaracters, (ior ne lias "worn inmy,) wnu
he has, -wo say, delr.d"d ami minted many
people he is himself tho victim of t tie most
false and treacherous counsel, lie is now the
victim of oth;r m-n's guiU; the instrument,
to subserve the malice T some, the d:sloyaity
of others; and bis legal advisers to his present
course; are worse n.en than himself. We
would much rather 9 them receive the blow
that will fail on his head, than he.
Mr. II (Men's talents and personal attributes
had n-nde him deserving of a better f.tt: ; and
lamentable, as have bctn his political miis
, there were not wanting many, ourselves among
the number, who would have rj oiced in hi
Miccess, social')' and otherw'u", as far as a
rraswuahle ambition could l ave denirrd.
But whVn Mr. IIolden, Under tho impulse of
an unworthy ambition lured by hypocritical
persuasion and led by pernicious counsel,
chose to trca i the pa'h which damages Ids
country and helps her murderous foe tie
cnnot complain, if he finds himself a andoned
and denounced by the good men and trur, and is
left only to the embrace of the unpat i tic and
disloyal with the few of the honest element
who may bo led astray in h;ssupp t.
We suhj io Mr. Ilolden's Card, an 1 shall
hereafter have mole to say concerning it:
TO THK PKopLK oF NORTH CAROLINA.
la compliance . wita the wishes of many
friends, I announce myself a candidate for the
office of Governor of North Carolina, at the
election to Ikj held on the first Thursday in
Augu t next
My principles and views, as a Conservative
44 after, the strairest sect," are well known to
the people of 1 he State. m These principles and
views are what they have boon. They will
not be changed.
I am not disposed, at a time like this, toin
vit3 tu people from their empioymei-U, and
add to the excitement which prevails iu the
public mind, by haranguing them for their
votes. We need all our energies to meet the
common enemy, and to provido moan of sub
sistence for our troops in the field and the
people at home. Lei the people go calmly
aud firmly to the polls and vote fur the men
of their choice. I will cheerfully abide their
decision, whatever it may be.
If elected, I will do every thing in my
power to promote the interests, the honor and
the g'ory of North Carolina, and to secure an
honorable peace.
W. W. HOLDEN.
March 2, 18G4.
Brig. Gen. Cllngraan.
Officious persons are spreading a report that
this distinguished ufficer is, or intends being
a candidate for Governor. We know the con
trary. Gen. Clingman looks to the service
of his county in the field, and whenever op
portunity offers, that serrica will be efficiently
rendered.
Geo. Clinjrman was in this city on yesterday,
on his return to duty from a short visit to his
mother. His presence here had no political
signification ; though we may mention as a
matter of news, that Geo. Ciingman is not in
favor of-any opposition to (Jov. Vance.
The Candidate for Governor.
"Is thy servant a Dog ?' Fayeitecdle 06
sercer. No "A Silver-Grey Fox." Newbern
Times, Yanjct.
From Johnson's Islamd. Lt. Col. John R.
Winston, of the 45th North Carolina Regi
ment, who escaped with four Captains from
Johnson's Island on the night of tbe 1st Jan
uary, passed through Greensborough last
week on his way to his home in Rockingham
county, N. G. The Patriot says that he
walked on the ice for miles before he reached
Canada, where he was greeted with kmdness
and furnished with means to return home.
He arrired on the last trip of the Advance.
Dying. Jotcs.
The last Jjtsridar lishori in rdiomlf; closes
a career in 'which mdeh df subterfuge had
necessarily fobe j Sorted to--by a cotumn of
quotation, in which tld faVorite linie of its
ihg Was rlrvated t it highest key. In that
rottifndi.it had xetrrtl rstracts from the Cbrt-frd-garble
I f.r the pnrpre It had in
view Mn ac..rJ,ince with .1 habit It hid long
practiced with Ft:cce!s. It Mjleft'the Vonfel
crate' Destructive ; ' and quod ess me articles
f our in praise of Got. Vanee--inendlng
thereby to spread the Intimation that Gor4
Vance had been taken, up" by a purty which
it cathd I)?jt furtive.''
When the Confederate was started, it cLimed
tobe.ox mpt from party designation to hv,
ft its tith indicated. a Xa' tonal aim and object 1
Aiming at tb? focccs? rf nit mrtfggte for In
dependence, and objecting against any and
every inipodimeut which might come in the
way, it announced its determination to sup
port both the Confederate and State Gown.
crnmmt5, in all etf uta. and to eschew raaTT
r. MTlcs the more effectually to serve thn
object it bad it view, .
Gov. Vance ha- not announced ny purple
to lie a candidate, though the Indications from
the public are, that he is s considered.
Mr. H dden, as lie Jias been the fir?t to dis
avow Wing a candidate, is likewise the first
to avow himself one. hi that, following a
habit for a life-time acquired.
The Confclcrale will be kept iu its cours.
Its helm is ftill steady, and its prow is set for
the luven of National Independence Gov.
V !ice has entitled hims-lj' to boa ptss-mrer
on her l..ardi. H-s is accorded the civilitv
ex'ende 1 to all passengers, who, without being
requirtd to agn;o iu all thing with the Cap
tain, r f r aius from ?xprrsions to mislead the
crew. The reason we throw Mr. Iluhl-i
orerUvird i, that wc discovered that he had a
torpedo iu hi iHK-.krt t try nd blow up the
boat.
We se, however, that George Milt Joy,
Yankee, has picktd him up on his craft. IV r
l.aps 1 he exchange of ansoJatio 1 wll be mu
tually agreeable. At!I events, Ike tcsse:
nrc stcatnin on an opjvwite course, and il-
paeti.rerii they carry will Sv.n puu:e
forever.
Animated Nature.
FOXKS.
Amapg the predatory and earni rerors an
imals, none arc more obnoxious than th- Fox.
It is an animal mote or less co.oin mi to all
countries, and especially abounds in tenjr
a.e climates as the Ciufcdcrato ftutes. lc
r-.'sejiildes the wojf aud the dog in many re
spects; though iu other it differs fom h-.t'i.
Its nse is arnall and iu hair aofi like the
dog's, whito it eye r obliquely situated
and iN ears are directed liVe the w lf. It
is the, tuJilici'in of animals dexi-rous, cun
ning, nd full of art ; his detection wo ihl be
more difficult stud his p iwcr of mi hi" inn :
greater, if it were not that inturc baa pro.
tided the means nf discovering his where
abouts by a peculiar Mor. which is insepara
ble fn m his prt score. He gains by address
what h lacks in strength watches his ' p
prtniti a for d pred uiou, and viri s his
conduct to suit all occabinrj?. He il rd the
most avaricioiis nature, and ha an appetite
iu$at'Mhlc will eat any kind of fool rat-,
mice, erpenti5, taad, lizsrds. crah, shrimps,
tdieli-fish. He trill even attack raps and
wild Ues; and when they th fc to bi kin,
he rol!s over Mid over in the dirt until hi
get ri l of them, and then gre.'dily devours
the wax and honey. He i not swift in ths
cha;",.and hi only shift to es;p, is to run
into some tiote. His natural length of days
is about fourteen years though sometime'
he i known to live twcnty-ibree or four. In
his younger days he is called a cub io bis
middle age a f x, an I in his advancing and
declining years, an oil foz. He is of vari
ous color indeed one mty siy of all odor
bhu-k, blue, white white with red leg,
white with black head, rod with white tbr.ut,
and red with black stripe, aud grey, irott
grey and silver grky. In colder cli in tie,
as Greenland, no hinglefox keeps more tluti
ooe color; but in more tcmwrate, a io the
Confederate States, the fox c hinges his cJt
from time to time running through the va
rious colors at different eras of his life, of
white with red legs, white with black head,
red with blauk stripe, to stiver grey which
last color it attaiiib towards the close of life.
The frx is an Ishmaelito of au animal. Hi
makes war on all and most on htm. Hut
while his detruction is necessary, because of
his mischief, he affords too much sport to be
an object of malice. Indeed ; it is Lis owu
fanlt that he is tiot a favorite animal. On
smartness ef his is worthy of pra se for iUculc
ness, if not for its morals. His provision for
himself by cheating tbe FoicUr when he
expertly takes the bird tout of themFoicler'$
snare, aud hides it away for bis own devour
ing. A Premium Uniform. Recently Mrs.
White, of Sehna, Alabama, w. nt through the
lines to Lexington, Kentucky, and being si
ter (Todd) wf Mrs. Lincoln, was permitted to
g to Washington. On her return, several
weekarsgo, she was a'. lowed to carry nothi ig
back, savo a uniform fur a very dear friend of
hers who was battling in the Southern cause.
The uniform arrived in fhe Confederacy several
days tdnce, and ou inspection all the buttons
were found to Decomposed of gold coin two
and a half, five, ten and twenty dollar gold
pieces, set in tbe wooden button and covered
with Confederate cloth. . The gold thus
brought through is valued at between thirty
ao4 forty thousand dollars all sewed upon a
uniform.
The abovo is a remarkable instance of wo
man's ingenuity.
The Four Per Cents. About $l,000,0bX)
have been funded In four per cent, bonds
since Motnisy, at the office in tLis city.