EXTRACTS FROM THE UNION BAN
NER.
(Winfield, Texas.)
Tennessee is coming to the front
with her union work.
n
The old state of Georgia has a rous
ing set of good union people.
South Carolina has quite a number
of good, strong union men.
K
The Farmers’ Union is bound to
take this country. You watch and you
will see. We are not exaggerating
about it
n
The happiest man in the world is
that old farmer who has a good com
fortable house, a good wife and twelve
or fourteen children, a good farm,
good stock, smokehouse full of meat
and a crib full of corn.
•t
A strong resolution was passed
unanimously at the Farmers’ Union
meeting at Atlanta requesting the fac
tories to work our low grade of cotton
into wrapping for this year’s cotton;
also requesting all cotton farmers to
use same.
The profits on a flock. of twenty
sheep on the average farm are aston
ishingly large. But it does not follow
that a hundred sheep on the same
farm will yield five times as much
as the twenty sheep.
n
The department of agriculture falls
to “find any tangible evidence of the
production of cotton in any country
which will be a serious competitor
of the upland cotton of this country.”
Hence American cotton is still king.
Dairying plays a most important
part in the successful rotation of crops,
and perhaps no better means can be
found of turning all kinds of grain
and fodder into a valuable fertilizer
and so adding to the fertility of the
soil, than by this method.
n
The farmers’ garden ought to con
tain a greater variety of winter beans.
White beans are as good as can be,
but there are others, seldom grown
and liked better by others. Red kid
ney beans, for instance. And black
bean soup is esteemed a real delica
cy by a great many.
W
Thirty thousand members added to
the Farmers’ Educational and Co-oper
ative Union of America in one day—
the 22d day of January, 1907. The
Farmers’ Unions in Illinois, Indiana,
and other states joined us. These
people were organized under a dif
ferent charter than ours.
We are reminded of Hon. Thomas
E. Watson as we pass along the public
highways and see mail boxes in front
of every man’s door. The rural free
delivery measure he put through while
in congress. They stand to his memory.
He made the poor man’s fight. This is
why he is not in * the U. S. senate
today.
We see In the Rising Star, pub
lished at Winnsboro, La., that Thom
as E. Watson was selected at the Na
tional meeting in Atlanta, Ga., as Na
tional Organizer for the Farmers’ Un
ion, which is a mistake. Mr. Wat
son is not even a member of the or
der. It was our pleasure to be at
the above meeting, and we can say
of our own knowledge that Watson
is not an officer of the union. How
ever, he is doing all the good for the
Union he can by making speeches all
over the south.
THE WEEKLY JEFFERSONIAN.
Tom Watson has changed the form
of his paper and changed the name + o
“The Weekly Jeffersonian.” The Mer
cury thinks the change in form is
better. The matter is of the Watson
style, and is interesting and education
al reading.
The Mercury believes the Jefferso
nian will work with and for the Geor
gia Democratic party, and for Bryan
Democracy in the nation. In short,
will try to help reform that old great
ly deformed party.
Tom has that right. If he has de
cided to go into the reform busi
ness, and to reform the Democratic
party, he has undertaken a big job.
And the Mercury wishes him much
success. —Hickory, N. C., Mercury.
•I M R
Eurekaton, Tenn., Jan. 26, 1907.
Hon. Thomas E. Watson, Atlanta, Ga.
Dear Sir:
It is very gratifying to me to ac
knowledge tne receipt v£ your VVeeKiy
J eiiersuuian ana magazine, it or i Know
trial r nave tue genuine article now'
as it represents uie teatuiHM <_>£ ou»-
Tom. Hovv ennerent iroui me lasi
nurnoer oi tnat Dugas New lora thing.
Is it any wonuer tnat me man anu
deiunct magazine suoum go iimwr
wnea me ueaU was severed iroin me
bony? wny uid not neu rance no nae
Juuias iscariot," in nis be nay al oi
Vv arson, go anu commit suicide? he
woum men nave receiver! credit lor
some remorse oi conscience. Well we
can say, "Alas, pour warwica, ne is
dean." But wim your two Jeuerso
niaus ana tne uid rename Missouri
Vvorid we wni maae me weiaiu ring
wnn true patriotism. 1 wouiu not uu
wnuuut Uiese tuiee (as long as r am
ame to see now to read; at uoume me
price ox mem. i?or they auvucate
tne principles mat 1 heartily endorse.
Anu i uo nope and pray mat you may
be so encouraged in renewing your
enort to prove to me wond me just
ness ol our demands tnat tuey win
soon be enacted in our laws.
W. F. SHORT.
n n n
Ahead of th® Game.
“There’s really no tellin’,”
Said Mayor McClellan,
“What Hearst and those fellows will
do.
They claim they’ve no doubt
Os turning me out,
But they can’t get my back salary
too.”
—Philadelphia Ledger.
n
Amidst the hundreds of prominent
names, from nearly every state in the
union, which appear in Watson’s Jeffer
sonian Magazine and Watson’s Week
ly Jeffersonian, we do not see a sin
gle name of the “safe and sane” tribe
from the state of Washington. But
let me whisper in their ears: One of
the largest book stores in Seattle had
sold every one of the January num
ber of Watson’s Jeffersonian Maga
zine before the 15th of the month.
This shows that the people are reading
Tom Watson’s literature. We write
this in order that me “safe and sane”
may confirm their position and not be
a misnomer.—The Patriarch, Seattle.
•t R H
The Hon. Thomas E. Watson has
already done more to educate the
jveople along political lines than any
other man in all the country.
He is now better prepared than ev
er before to lead the people on t°
greater heights of knowledge and
and purity in government.—Cannon
(Ga.), Herald.
THE WEEKLY JEFFERSONIAN
198 Peachtree Street. - ATLANTA, GEORGIA
R W W
Chartier Shorthand
makes HIGH CLASS stenographer In 6 to 12 WEEKS. Why spend 6
to 12 months on out-of-date systems?
Our pupils learn to KEEP BOOKS exactly as they are kept in
business.
FOUR MONTHS, $299 saved on a combined course.
DORMITORIES furnish wholesome discipline and BOARD at
ACTUAL COST.
A POSITION is secured for every graduate.
WRITE TODAY for new and attractive catalog.
SE E T~> S FORIO CTS -
300 kinds of Flower seeds and 5 packages G irden seeds—
Radish, Tomato, Cabbage, Lettuce and Onijn—all for only 10c., with
our new 1907 Catalogue, full of good things for the Garden, Field and
Flower Gai den. lowa Success Seed Corn, the best that lowa soil can
grow. Package free. Address to
F’. C. Graves Seed Co.
Dept. Y. - Des Moines, lowa
DR. W. M. PITTS’
ANTISEPTIC INVIGORATOR
The Greatest Family Medicine
Dr. W. M. Pitts, who, as the originator of Pitts* Carminative, has
been a benefactor to tired mothers and suffering babes, after *a suc
cessful practice of Fifty Years, now offers to the public his Greatest
Combination of Medicines In PITTS' ANTISEPTIC INVIGORATOR. It is
a great scientific medicine. Although new to me people, it is a great com
bination of health-giving medicines, and cures when all else fails. It purt
fies me blood, stimulates the action of me liver, bowels, and kidneys, there
by removing poisonous bacteria (or germ) matter from me whole system,
to aid nature in her work of restoring perfect health. It tones up the
stomach and gives appetite. It is unfailing tn me cure of all stomach,
bowel, and kidney troubles. The nervous system is restored to its normal
condition, and many of me most serious ailments —such as sleeplessness
heart trouble and me like —yield to the healing virtues of me Jnvigorator
In fact, it acts on every organ -of me body, thereby curing nearly all me
different diseases of mis age. Every drop of blood is affected and puri
fied by its use. The blood is the life, therefore if you get the L ood pure,
all parts of me entire system will be brought under its powerful heal
Ing Influences. Antiseptic Invlgorator is rightly named, and it is one
of me greatest germ killers and invigorating tonics now on me market
For sale and GUARANTEED By all Druggists Price 50c and |I.OO
per bottle. If your Druggist don’t keep it and will not get It for you we
will send it express prepaid, on receipt of price.
Pitts’Antiseptic Invlgorator Co.
Thomson, Georgia.
15