lore. If "North Carolina h-g b.eu , li;e sllt0l , M
Wvy8SDAY. SrT8K!; 2,. ISM
II-
!.,iVr liI'V. J'
l;t:-Iv.- It.
:ir
hi men ur
.bed y-.'.ijni.., A niau
.''r.b'hed tUtMu--;--: -.n - &.ive e.pu dsy
.f t M.r-h- Df-.-f f. 'I.. i;av 'pfa-o
4 I
trr
' n mi' 1 i-. -
1. i:.d i:-;
r, ;'o mai.!
" .-V '-I'M.'
it
Ui'3 fcitC-
.... t.r -Uer HJ'.a '-Jr:. wm-.i.
, :-.! f'rr.ts th- i'arAe" are driven, when
rev have thns t iiply iu:-r chitf Com
:na trito bolster t2e;r c-uv by LaMta.il
'.d .hj fiiMO,d. ' lir,inr' "-3
r o "lV-U Live r-A i tueir iaok tr.e-ir mt
.-, -iU An i w:at is K-ito stf,..isfiiu?, , that
'.: , i :-a:ii . ::ti i"ri t t.i aod t!iC3
. f.-ah. s-.iro'S not truiti truthful or
xrhaisiav losnrrentler
viiic f . Avar !v t"ry,
ri-; c-"atry ; hd bim-lf boiiiff. in the vcry
-r; r:!H be uit-rf tie iau-iage, a living
tfc.- I-iCt tf-Ut 1- Uiau UJ5 aui
! We are called upon aain to recur to Lie
: v.u;-j3Ct of r?cruU:ng the Confederate armie.
: It is u source ef sickening apprelwrxion, that
cur authorities and peoplo should be one whit
, isd eninusiasTic oji icu uj'H.-t . ,
i lS'il. But a few week ago tbt euwy
1. a )wa, iWr rea and weil-nih hopelc.
: fcra.y u? daily Jptel by the rxD;rti-n of
Urini of serviced large t,umue:.' -
cv., and in his dv-palr-f: r it was despair
ha br-n to c sl zbov.t for s-.mo .plau-ibia
method of VC3C9 ; nnr sr.oh poe, it U tiue,
ts vvj co'.ihi accept, bat a p?acJ on lw cav
cg term thai Lis ferocity h. previously
aict-ted. Thn was th time for us So havo
pressed oor reourcea. In almost tcry Uk
we ni?ed its importance, to gnar-J agrtitist fty
ancysasea which might enable our foe to re-
rover from hi despen ieuey.
i liy rsaaya however, that due precautia
! Ud not been taken, we have sufltrtd rever
, ; aul elatica with the enemy U been sub
j diluted for depression, tho thought of sub
juration revUen, and hU armici incrfte. t
h not yet too late to couateraci tee e . u.
youth has churned, and has enjoyed the repu
tatiou of beiug a brave, enduring, chivalrous,
i patriot c Her soldiers m idm vvup
1 hav.; justified the claim. Let them now show
v riiis Las no: i:o;ie uuv i u,
fcr bera la the very eeutw. ihe cP !
excejei the captures.
It !c-etni tat the
freyid
hurricane.
Dreadiog its contact. 1 called to
the drivai to puah with bU epeed, sud if po- i jy 0f
miuua officer, find Justuses are -I'-aln before tii current of uw-la-M
.L.f....i Wo i-.avk nr-ver advocated . aiL-le to K-ep t&l"re e
t;iv.i--i i ' w
Fro the r-etteWa Obrrer.
orth Carolinian! Buried at Gcttf Air ,
: A fried ha. favors pi.- with, the aonered
'i -ith care by a Dtieman for.
this Stst, end- now m
who sjty-, -
i prts.
of a man Ucauge he is citfa- I uotil we cos
M clear the town, reach tn-3 com-
the ruthle.- geiiiao
I officer:., without troop, to ""'-'?.r Bsia2. rtuhm
ticul' the ?eac w;,b;n ,h-J ..o art- tld liretv maun 1,
h...oahi not too. i -'rv.te.l Umo. :!. - t
r r i Him!i:iuu .
rled to knoer Hat the Crav,s are cen-u. 3
j ufllcer and-tur osvu juciewi,
tht vust.
More anon.
tbfet the virtae
Frem oar Corrwpondtati ia tlie Yalicj.
We yife Ulcw, from our regular correBpen-
i dentin Hoke's Brigade, the fullest account we
! bavs seen, on our &ide, of tha battiO near
I Winchester of. ths Wh ; and iso alls: of the
! cwualties ii Oen. Cox's Brigade, formerly
' Uani.seur's, furoished us ay Mjr Galen, AA.
! General, written on the 21st, the day befom
j Major G. Vf hiiuaeif captured by the eue-
iny.
! It seems, from the account given by eur
j correp r.de..t ''Sigaa," that it was a ebame-
! c, n-.rxn ary stamnede amoon . some of the
uhl not discuer a solitary blue coat.'
vi'i be thing of None could be seen, fr none nv,
' town Qateers who have neeo mu?h that U
i 8Xcitin2 bot battU-fielda. tell me they have
aeTcr wituessei anything that w
eotopire ir;tu the tainpede at v wcuetr.
The flying brigade of "Iiaboden' men" cem
municated the panio also to a prrtion of Me.
Caufl&stl's cociiJiand, who fled with tbem. This
break upon our left, at thia period of the day,
enabled th eoeray i flnk our forces, and
Gen. Eirly deemed it proper to fall haok at
dusk. Oar trains, bringing off ail tha wound-
. . . ... J- . .1 ti )tA ()l
, - . : . nvr i.re uiiuu''"" "
liV names mi . : , . i,r(,
. . i. . ; in 'r-tiitiiU atu-.:tyeuurp
.i, ,r ,i:,. and wera buried m the
(V, .:,rv there, i: is ksown that otner, Nere
- : ' .; ;,..! Kfco Wi? pbably buued on the
L'u dvVe d w'.ere thev Ml. An equally ac-
curateiio! Wl ' 1 V- f.ip-.l wboen-
tiined Of seine o! thc, tne fiwad wLuen
closed the to us b.iya:
..i..ifcoae who fill r..W.r eravesj
are L ent. Iowa Roy. tor, Tun.r f Uhc c
and J2 loculior. in the Ur.iver y; f North Car
o!iurt. and Ieutcaauts John II.
Miokltf K Brooks, Tianey and Jas. N.
on,, of the eishi memter of tho U - '
18i;o r.eivtJ the fln-t dlsciiCMon at tl.t
i ihree suivivors. " I'
...5 v ,..iai Tutor 01 ivo.-..,
lit'. n:o 'v'"- . . .. ...I,.,.,.., I
ed we cculd, reached Hiraurg auring . , wpi. v.u.r , of ,iiA.
Pi 3 .1 lli " V
Latest from the Yalley.
KICHMOND, Sept. 20 I'rirato letteri from
Staunton of the 2Uh, report that Karly chMtlsed
theencinjieTre!ysl.W Market, drifta him
two miles.
The followio ha- jut been rr-ce.re u :
rtoinnr'HtTEltS. i'pt. 5C Ueo. har.5
npinof'AKTERS, J'pt
porU that the enemy tranced agaiast hua 04
the 2ihf at Xew Market, when he ft-ll bark fi
Purt Uepublie. 0 the 36th the cneay advanced
towards narrijonhur-. hU cavalry liarinjc pro
bablypaedthatlace. Signed
Glorious Srwi From Forrfit-
THENS. Ala. Sept. 24 via IUKA. Gen.
FJrreitbaj capturrd tl farriin attnu pUc,
iacludiaff about tbirtpn hundred priannei', tw)
Fas!eger train, fifty wa.mi ad about Ere hun
di ed horse and inaar ra!uable stirei.
Oar losi ws ouly tour or tive killed, and abaut
twecty wtundfd.
Our troops are fall of enthuiasia aod will learj
in a few mouaer.t ia search of new Tictoi ie.
v-r ' 'gon? 11
-Vf.i as do, tr.e
I. pi eAn.ii''''
Gen (iraai Luav nt know, . remain bt-hind
tn lose the advance
., ,.11 i,,t flip same t vuu. ,
BheseaiUcrUerocetotnebeid-U-t tbeMiBe d b ,ecUieJ victory our troeps had
; kind of blood flows in the veins of those v.... b o:.ttraunicatod to other
to a v 4
Oarage, chivalry and pa-
t.-i
- a 1 I..
j troopa iu tho army, resulted in a most cas-
graceful rout. The enemy had retired from
j Jjefcr j our victorious artsy, but hearing of the
j consternation and fleeing condition of our
; tr.n thor took advantage of it, deployed a
ld awty U sj;1i cwfeiit th-L not j We do Dot know what otnsrs thmK, r-.ui j pQ.fl0n 0f their troops and were about flank-
J . . ... 1 Li llnf i.llf 1.1.
icg Geo. Early, whea he was compelled to
fallacy of his tsi?rtiuu,
Well kfJOW-, it VrMlit of truta.
V c toid Home time
1 .1 . I a nftlmt rtr
f'r!cu.iuraL i.ioor ot 1 uc -i-1 j
. j ,..-ir 13 thfi ac'.iTC
triousm are luuioaim j
conquering of victory, but by the manly and
dettriuinod snstaiameui 01 evw.v
tude no less thin by heroism.
r v j?h had o-n Ml t: "t tao jm: ;
;r.-. rpfntatijc conin in the fact that mora
proven are plantel in the vaio than haJ
'r-r i eAa known, and th crY3 of alt kinds
,r- -."."re than n average.
I';, na th lct?'T who own lift;en negroes,
sr.d ho bft-- fJ-en bnud their snr
p! .. to thi r; -vcrftuieut, thero way be
lo rvi in tkeSta full a bn'te, who are uott
,i-.y r that th-y have any surplus to dispose
v They were detailed because it was sup
r vri that their nunerintendia? care would
1 n:.HC us.-til to the cause than if they
- in the ri-;.L It turns out that they are
.1 n ; nse, or tu.it they 1 a.i no surplus
? the Fame lim? it is weii Uaown that there
no family whic h owns 0 ucen negroes that
,i r, not make it own U truly prt visions.
V. f nowt k) a t'cneral ruio.
th ; iierooi will
. l, i . '. ia f i.tir
fpr ourselves we nave ever mougu,
safety and good policy' Uth requirad more
V::d
1-t
it ntsy
our C' .T.muuities,
J- . ! '. . t .
4 II a t.fJ l-iOllV t.JiSISi.'
without thi- imoeui-M.?
a'?.l 0
th:y
lV";:de ther- i'i many - r th Urj-t slave
h Mi-rg in the r-.-tte, who ac within the aires
.;;v.i of robust h 'tr.j whi oo'jid readily hire
1 ;:.'p-tnt V'.v- 'N, ovr 5fty, who would
m juy their p'.- Of trir- c!a-s there might
Sound tcit A tilOUSHtl1'.
Trin there ui ivV nani ii t? catTclora,
.lI le-t cue-half r.f whom x.i'h.t b dispen?rd
v,;th , Uiilotid, Li nreas ('-.ziparih-s uud Cth
ik . r.ip'ovee-i, wh
c: u-c..-: -enpti.;
1 .
l,.d by
i :i:ters and
t u'.:: 1 1 :?:. tut.-- :iro tu U-
. th- m.,t h.uintah'.j 5
Ca ( .'v v
n ' the
t
ohv-.-i c-:ull I- a:!y
veni't!-:t :i--t
.i""-. iu uuivr-
. ruuii." ii) :h j.artmeij!-5.
.d -Vi 1 it ?
r, ; tiic u:r.e.-,
t v of ytrf.th-
ii cdi.'ed to
assieit an 1 ntiotaia tha
ofti-,
es
tf th-i field
the uc'O
cp men ev...
It is high t;i..v
".v-rible rule, t
..hall be tilled by non-rv -rip. Employ
ment cuuh ai cr; he so Cut !, ;iu7 and
ih.it ihe governs: -t sha'd i.ivj the iitimatd
tri'3gth of tho it-tion. l h-'i tho hard
wwiKed soldier f iht th- b'h -s of indvtun
tionce. If this t? d. we a-e r near to rxhU5
tA.n. We hiv. f.rce yet. if vreli -handled , to
keep tha invader at bay f. four yars hunger.
Aadcvcr such l:: area as v;e vcrs.-, v;.th the
population which we ktvt, undoubtt-diy, ac
o.rdxg to all hh-u-ry, natural incrca? ought
to supply our h .s.-cs.
But then, theie shomhi be unity entr.usi-
a general working for tho caui-i en
terprises to ncoer our lo.t territory, r.rJ
k-'ep open our commuuiw-iiictisi and a nU
i't'.r.ero by th a-3 who ire ablespeolaliy those
who own prop-rty, to g into tha held. To
day, if tha idle strciigtu of Xortii Carolina
now doing nnhing, w?-- thrown oa Grant
r Sherman, the campaign tf thj year would
,hin decisive victory.
The same m.iy be Su;d of Geuria, South
Carolina and Virgiaia. Militia ofjicers and
Justices of tho Peace, would of themielves
5'.v? iraple pro;f that the list man is
Thf Wron? Eud i?aiH.
Tbs Hichm nd Scntirt is as much at the
rrongsnd about ths Adrance, as it was about
the Confederate. It ay3 this steamer was
" flow but very forturat." The Advance,
we thick, was perhaps th swiftest steamer
that ha yet ran tae blockade ; and the most
unfortnaate part of her career if, that ?be
f honld have beea aliopd to fali into the
sand of the enemy. ter destruction would
have sveided the c?t dasgeroos bbxkader
that there will be on enr coast. We, teo,
Lupe ' Governsr Yaacj wili obtain a swifter'
though we doubt the doing it.
Unnriu-.d explicit lawbM fewer oxemp-
! tioua. and on better reasons- strict auU
1 . i.ta '.if niittlil?
thorough entorcement 01 tuo 1 .
every man into the field who u not more use
ful t home." The great trouble of the war
has been, that our troops have been ohhged io
fi.rht ecMe ; and to tiht odds because our
available resources for men were not used.
Exemptions offered too many facilities for es
cape from serTicc and the result has been,
that nghtimg masses with detachments wa
hve fatld of success, where a nearer approx
imation to quality would have made it cer-
.,;n. r.r.d when successful, we have been
obliged to achieve it at ahevy sacrifice of the
blood of our best men. -Our people are
(not) a unit in the prosecution of the war."
n.o raunot va a day, or travel a mile, witn-
j cut both seeing and hearing this fact. If they
i wee that unanimity would inspire enthusi
! asm, and thero would be no croaking in the
j land. Owners of property, whoaa ail 13 at
hazard, wonld ru.h voluntarily to the rescue,
tbceewhoare able, to the held ; ami u.oee
who cannot bear arms, to the cheerful supply
from their abundance to the necessities of tlie
government. But is this so? How many tfaou-
... !o.-K.,i.ra Toun? and healthy, are
1 iaLvs.B wa - f cy
I fhrra T.xtn iave not shouldered a ciAn or ra.ia
ilswJrd since tho war begun ?
! more arc thero who yield With reitwianee,
Mike a man yields his eye-tooth to the dn
i lit, wh5a a cud is made upon them to fur
1 . ii.hanva.iog uoon the demand of the gov
i .rranM'nt 'ii would all be gUd to achieve
j iadep-nrience at somnboly else' risfe, exp'
! sure and sacrifice. But suppose those men
' rea'ized the blessings of freedom suppose
tbey contemplated with a right apprehension
the horrible misery of subjugation, witu .the
destruction of fixe nationality : If they Hid,
if all w re unanimous on this basis, their
property and life would stand aside, for
honor, duty, patriotism and that higher in
terest, the right to be free. These are the pre
cious charges that men would hold most dear,
making life and property contributors to
their preservation. Two instruments have
been u?ed by mn who are not disposed to
L-ar their share of the burdens of the war,
and both have been foacd ready and fit: in
judicious legislation, and erroneous judicial
action. We go as far as the farthest in the
conteioa of the former. While Providence
has blcswd us with chosen leaders in the field,
of suner-human ability almost, in the legw-
! lative departments He seems to have with
I held such a blessing. In North Carolina, for
! instance, we had reason to hope that we were
possessed ef material exactly applicable to
! the uecessities of such dred hours as those
i through which we arc passing. But who has
! ehown himself to be the conductor through the
! wilderness ? Is it not a lameutabie truth, that
' those most significantly pointed out, have least
j mt the rightful expectation? It is equally true,
S that a damaging influence has been exerted
upon the cause by judicial misconduct. This
is no -fling at the judiciary." The judiciary
j is ho more responsible for individual miscon
I duct, thaa is the State for the misconduct of
individual citizens. Thet1-7 is at only those
I whose head suits the cap. If there is no one
i . f wi.n K.w fl.llnu.-ed his nre-
lO iriu vyrutiiK - -
judices to bias his judgement, and been led by
these prejudices to hinder and embarrass the
i public fervice,. then no one will be harmed
j by our "fling" for it is only to such that we
j allude. But if there be in the Gjnfederacy
Judges who were opposed to the secession of
! fall back.
I We have received no further ad vices of the
j bsitlc on Thursday last.
I Brig. Gen. John?oa, of Lincoln county, we
i
regret to hear, is reported among the killed on
the 19th. Wo tiust the report may prove
unf?uoded. Our correspondents aike no
mestion of it f
Sfrriil Army Correspoadencs of the Confederals.
From the Irmy of Ccn. Early.
Tuesday, Sept. 20, 1804.
Zltssrs. Editors; Yesterday was a bloody
day to us, and bloodier stilt to our enemies.
At daylight a spirited attack by cavalry was
raad upon Johnson's brigade, of llornseur's
dmdn, on the Berry villa turnpike, about
I'kto miles from Winchester. The attack was
! valiantly repelled. But from the continued
! roar of artillery, and tho constant firing of
! sha: pshooters, it soon b'c imo apparent that
j the enemy meditated a enra! eugagemeut.
Tho main body of his forces seemed to be ad
vancing UP be turnpike from Berryville,
flanking from the road right and left. Ger.3.
Early, Breckinridge, Gordou, Rodesand Ilam
;eur, with the Gauerahs of CavaLiy, made their
arrangements to g'r-e hiru a fitting reception.
Al.nnh 10 fi'rhi. lr the artilhrv nhived most
i furiously. At IV. the actio: LaeatSB general
How maay i and raed witb great fury for the. -.pace; of u.if
an hour, when our line of battle being hotly
j pressed, fell bank a distance f about two hun
j dred yards and reformed in good order. The
! taerav contieued to advaaco, and our troops,
j though greatly outuiiibired, audresei them
I selves to ihe woik befro them like men de
1 t-rminwl tn eonouer or dis. The Yankee line
taking pesltion iu the breastworks thrown up
several weeks ago. This place is called the
Gibralterof the Valley, Mid is eighteen miles
i from Winchester. We baa to leave our ucu m
1 - . j
the hands of the enemy. We baa gamea a ae
ciied victory in the field aed were masters of
the situation, but the part played by a body of
undisciplined troops compelled us to arop the
prize.
Our loss is heavy, especially in officers
Major Gen. Rodes, and Brig. Gen. Godwin
were kilied. The latter commanded '-Hoke's
Old brigade." The colonel and Lieut. Colonsl
of the 21at Georgia are among the falleu.
Cant. KicharJso. A. A. G. to Gen. Godwin,
lost a leg. Lt. Col. Ellis, commanding the 54tb,
N. C. T. was severely wounded io the left arm. It
is impossible at this time to make out a list of
casualties. But it will be a sad ne when it
shall appfenr. Our loss. 1 lear iron iue prcew
lights- berore nie, will run up nearly three
thousand. That of the enemy was surely much
greater and may sum up five thousand. We
brought of about five hundred prison its. The
prisoners inform us that Ges. Grant was in
command aud that Gen. Averill as killed. I
will write ysu more fully two days heace.
Yuurs as ever,
SIGMA.
. .i .. firM trn miles east
U l 'C Irt'HJ "f,-.- --- --
m..ndonthe 16th of August las . George
Wilnon, Junius C B-irils, aud Capt. Wm. A.
Wuoster repose iu earlier but not le gi..uous
crave.. Ol the Si numbers who comp 'sed
that Cia. 18 a- known to have passed al
ready to 'that bourne whence no traveler re
turns
Wcu'tr fciialllook upon their like
again ;
List of North Carolinians Bunir.D at
GeTTYbEUKO, whose Gkaves AK1C
Marked.
Kame.
W C Maldin,
G W Weare,
Co. w.
E, 47
Name.
Co. 3?
LtTDDeem?, G,
K, ir'Lt W A Carr, E, 5
WGPoindexter,G, t;pt lia-Kerviue, ,
M Prones , 'iW Terrell, H. 45
nnMmee, F, 47 L iv Wade, E,32
ri.i.iw 2G'J N Joues. 45
. j ,
From YhPeler'i Corawand.
AUGUSTA, Sept. 26. A letter from Wheeler's
! csmmnnd, dated Athens, Tenn., tatt?s tkat h ban
destroyed over 125 mil f Itaihoad in Shor
man'srear; also ys two tboasantl Yenne'saas
have jcircd Wlueler. Th people of Tenoeweo
are cheerful. Crops are fiae.
It will take Sherman thirty days to repair tha
damape to the railroad.
Several hundred prisoners and an immense
amount of property were captrred.
Gn. Klly was wunded and left in the hands
of th yankees.
Reported Escape of Confederate Priiouers
from tamp tiiasr.
MACON', Sept. 2G. The Chattano.Ra Gaiette
of the 20th s.ys, upon the anthority of a special
dispatch to the St. Louis Republican, that th
prisoners in Camp Ckasa rebelled, over -powered
the jruard ane made their escape.
All quiet along the Georgia front; no char.gs
since lat report.
The Late Yankee Raid in tht Talley-
The Bichmoud Dispatch of Saturday had
learned from a citizen of Orange county that
the raiding party of cavalry which lately ap-
road was feven liundred
in great haste aud retreatei
iag but little damage beyond
inc the railroad bridge over the Rapid
destroying Holiday's mill. Their real object
is said to have been to capture Mosbv, of
wrwc wound they bad heard, and who they
supposed would pass over that route on his
ray home. H, however, was far beyond
iuw reBh,ni arrivel fc-ifttly in liichmond
by the Central tram that evemag. xne re
port that he reaelud his father's residence, ia
Amherst, on last Sunday, was therefore er
roneous. It was reported that the jaiders had again
returned to Orauge, and we:e threatening the
linos of railroad communication.
Jas Sanders, H, Mj. w .-jnmcr, -W
F Lewis B. 28! r J M, .
St M Brooks, U, 16gt C A Watkins, II 45
JosJMarsburn, ,55 U B hstis,
Jno II (Joodwin, B,18JT Miller,
Sgt Major B ui.es , P Magee,
Lemuel Coley, , 47lGeo Moore,
Shankle, 1, 6Z;ti Uor.se,
S"t Goodson, , 6--ti A nyrne,
sJtW II Smith,-, 20 G G Oay.
Alfred Hatiy, I, 52;Thos Hull,
H U Bridgeu,
Gates;
A Farmer,
E. 18! A J Day is,
, 7!M H Hamilton,
, 54; F Vick,
11.45
NO
I. S2
P, c
C. 45
G, 43
V. 4o
31 w rt
'i, Oo
K. W
E. 32
D. 32
Lt F M Harney, F, 14 G W Workman, I, 8
S"tR Titty, G.53.I C Ilnsor, J , 1
Epps, B.53.JT Williams, II. 3
rt . ' , ...... a
JJ Outlaw, A, KhLimwn, ,
i t a irtv IV 2IW Davis. 1.
ww. is sfi T l. 7 II '.a tar .1
tr0BS The, cf. ; sst ft 5K-n, kS',. n 6
d as hurneitiy, tio- , - K. 2U Sgt W C Davis, F, 1
partially burn- ; A r Tew E) 5tj-V C Paul, i, i
ah and ! W VV Wvn.lt. II. Zo M J .UCUac, J, -o
'A'v
.T .1 Vowder. JVHin,
Teter Yaucr-y, E, ia;J BW.
i Mason, G, 5;L G Cobb
lLtBogea:i. II, 43;P S Bottell,
Lt ttfo Y B..yd, A, 4uW li Arent,
1. 3
B, 5."
II, 15
G, 47
H, 52
C, 55
S W B Trayham, B, 2oil B bite, C, ao
i V M Le, A, 23. P B hompson, G, 5d
Frick. (1 . 23' V d Turner,
Jno Wilson,
D W Sawry,
! CJ Durham,
Cpl B Allen,
! Jro.Huss,
S Attory,
J C Freeman,
B, 1'2 J i) Albw, F, 47
H. FiiTiios IKallon, E, 45
F 11 Ilei, F, 7
12! Ed ward Barker, A, -25
ndraneed slowtv. Our brave ledows stood
the ire like Salamanders, aud plied their rifles ! The Last of the Old Stock. Mrs. Gris-
l f.x. n ;a i r!:t of Mr. James Grissoiii. of Grauvilie
t use men wau neic u" tiviuii iui n -- - -- -
i . . . j v ; .. Hi' .U ...i iL. 1CiU .. lr
worth living for. ! couutv, aeparum n:-.s mu x..u um.
I rt ' . i .vj: .. : ..... ,1,1 Pova.
The buttle ! uusjHiJ'i was a s'j.'.ut iu -
! lutiou. They were marrwd several years be-
Suah a scene I aevftr witnesseu
tld mav nor bo deemed by some a place for
prayer; I thiuk differently, and tried iu iuy ; fore that war.
poor way to appeal for help to the Lord oi Jedr5 i
Hosts. Who would not, when gazing at suca
a scaas as this? The angol of death was
reaping a fearful harvest. The Yankee Hue
in few minutes began to look ragged and
rent. It wavered, coe fusion ensued, and the
miuions of the tyrant turned their backs and
retreated in confusion. Then the shouts of
victorv rang along our lines so as to cheer the
heart of every lover of his country.
Standing on the bloody field I could not
forbear to lift up my heart and say, blessed
be the name of the Lord who bath given us
F, 1-T Fifler,
l, 1;N Com-,
12. O il C St-cl,
Lt W L Battle,-1), 371-J C Kiccaid,
J B Bohiuson, G, 52 J .s Robinson,
i T Bailey, K. 2r H ta Gilbert,
Jas Mnsev, A 4: B'esley J-Hy,
I W FDearman. I. 10'DA Cre.-ue,
I A J Giaseon, II, 21;S E Baisncr,
! O K Parish,
1,40
A, 47
I. 6
G, 57
B, 45
1). 23
I. 32
G, 55
E, 18
Northern Sews.
RICHMOND, Sept. 20. New Trk pa?ra of
the 23rl received. A dispatch from the Valley
reports that Sheridan continues the persuit of
Early's forces in the direction of Staunton.
Nothing important from Grant or Sherman.
Gold r:o.
RICHMOND, Sept. 20. The Bsltinsor
American mt the afiarr.aoa of Siturday rived:
Dispatches from Sheridan claim another ie
tory over Early's forces at FUher's Hill on thu
22d. All the Yankee dominion is exceedingly
jubilant at the ntws from the Valley.
Gold in New York has declined to 209. Wheat
declined 8 rest.
Psttnastr General liltir has resigned at the
reqnest of Linln. His purceisor is ex-Gr.
Dennison of Ohio.
Naw Orleans adrlccs to the ICth, via Cairn,
reeeired.
Gtn. Banks will leave that department xt
week.
Another fiphtbetween the French andCortlng
is proj ressiajf at Kdani.
At last acconnts Admiral Porter bad raturned
to his old oosition on tho Missijsiasi river.
Trim the Taller.
Lr castas, Sept. Ii.
The enemy, supposed to be a portion of Sheri
dan's command, bavs made their appearance ia
Uulpeper i amaI of in
fantry, artillery and cavalry. Their earalry
crossed the Rappahannock at W olford s Ford yef
terdar at twelre e'clock. This tnerniaf their
iafantry are within three miles of Cnlpeper C.
Hous''. It is believed their infantry will attempt
an adrance upon the railroad towards Gordoas-
Tillo. The cavalry are moving ia tho direction of
Charlottesville.
She was about 110 or 116
A late Georgia paper siys the Yankees
told the iast exiles that were driven out from
Atlanta, t at Forrest was in their rear " play
ing the very devil." Numerous reports
through the same chanuel have reached us,
of the appearance of Forrest upon Sherman's
rear line of railway communication.
It is now positively certain that General
Beauregard has been e.gsigned to the army of
Tennessee, and that he has gone on to take the
command, which he has reached ere this.
... . ....
the victory 1 ne enemy retired somo uia- prt6iaeut Uans is also there, and, as will be
tance aud attempted to reform. His artillery j seeu frcm our telegrams, we have good reason
also fell back. His fire .had slackened, and j to tXpfCt most cneeriag news from that
everything oa all sides combined to show j qluirtt;r-
tuat our victery was complete. This was
about one o'clock, and thinkisg the victory I Wi do not wish to seem unaccommodating,
complete I was engaged bringing the wounded I but we eannot send our paper unless the order
lor tne same is accompanieu oy me csu. i
1 into the city.
j A little after three the enemy's cavalry made
j a demonstration cm our left, along the Mar
1 tiasbarg turnpike At this point was a brig-
ade of cavalry called " lmboden's man ; " and
although Gen. Imboden was esteemed when
living as the embodiment of patriotism and
valor, and now when dead, as the useful and
efficient soldier, yet these men. without be
ing pressed, gave way in eonfusion, and came
do so, would involve the necessity of opening
accounts, and this we can't do. Money sent by
mail is at the sender's risk sent by Express
at ours.
I. 2!J invimui.N C Cav
Alien Dees, B 43 Jas M Koberls, A, o
J E Perry, G. o2Calviii R,m ord C, 4
II T TLomDSon. 1. 52:Lt P IF Horbrich.A, 53
.1 Marlev. K. 53 Lt Askew, H, 2
W VV Cor. . 2l!Lt Alexander, B, 13
Kvt M B Fendlev. E. G A J Bowman, E. 32
r,oml S P Fassett.K 28 E C Griffith, K, 32
BF P.ttman, C, 1 ;Cpt S H B'hite, G. 32
F Luther, B, 52 L Mock, G. 2
Win Home, II, 43;Authonv Divers, L, 2
Thos Miliford. G, 2 Lt T W Baker, I). 43
Hnnrv Danlev. K. 47:L J Ihy, b,
Up Lv.irh. I. !M P Ellingtou, E, 27
II A Tate. D, 11 iW A Griffin, , 27
Si J A Bobnett.G, 37jSgt A Dement, , 47
W A Roe, I, 7 'John R Bailer, ,
Miller, A, 52 E P Little, i,m
Geo Nicksnn, G, 52 Segt M Brackett, 11, 1 6
Uoure, 47iSBt W H Smith, , 20
(iriffi ', , Alfred Holly, 1, 52
Todd, , 11 u A.i.iy,
Smitli F Barnes. G. 27 G W B'tare, K, 13
: Cpt E G Morrow.G James S mders, H, 52
I T A' Howard, , 2?;Lt J B'S'ewart, F. 18
j J R Johnson, , 47i Archibald Nixon, G,52
' Maj A Miller, , 2l B'm Hutcbinsou, , 22
j Powell 1 Autor, , 2)lLt J W Kerns, B. 28
I W B Marcom, , 47i Jomh ICeUis, E, 28
Lewis W Carter. C, 52'- TVtn Howard, K, 53
1 Dan'l Holkv. K, 21! Henry Hall. 11, 13
T E lackey, , WKWm A Packett, , 55
It will cause general regret anaotig our cit
uena, to leara of ths capture of our towns
man, Major Seaten Gales. He was Uken
prisoner near Strasburg oa 1hur?day last.
The affair of that day is, alas, another s rrow
ful instance of the pausity of our numbers.
When will North Carolina arouse from her
lethargy ? Major Gales has served through
out the war with disMrjuished honor. Ilo
hai cvr eeriest fTsps'L:3? in bis C3ptivi?r.
the States who did not accept it with an
j honest loyalty when their Representatives
J unanimously adopted it who have not sympa
thized with Confederate sucesses,and wno nave
always retained a reservation of a hope that
j thev might end unsuccessfully, and who being
I thus prejudried have suffered the law to fall
j under these prejudices, then; let such Judges
j wear our cap. It is a lijht weight compared
with the burden that conscience ought to im
pose upon such souls.
It were a pity and a shame, if the Govcr-
i it.. T " 1 it. Tu'iniaTO nnfl tli
j Dor, iuo urgiMiiLu.o, tuo " -
! people wsre to disregard the admonitions of
the hour. The imperative t?fmacd is to
Amoso tHe Confederate officers who arrived
in Richaaond by flag of truce last week, we
notice the following from North Carolina :
Major J. McLeod Turner, 7th N. C., Capt.
W. C Ho?ran. (i3d. CaDtain W. H. Snencer.
rushing into the two leading streets of the , Partizaa RangerR Captain H. C.Wheeler,
town as muen exciiea as u tney u . 2J N c BatulUon Lieutenant J. H. Davis,
the god Pan in the face, and crying out as , Q E T Thompson, 28th, N. SaEfooa
they came ru9hin2 along, - the Yankees are j j gJ j R Chamberg 6lht M
coming " whilst clouds of dust were rising to ; w' Norfleet 4-th WUUjJ Whiuker 37th.
heighten the scene. Wagoners, teamsters, am- j . ..
bulance drivers, negroes , boys, skulkers from j jT ig ai( that Qen forreBt has been plac
the battle, and squads loitering about the eJ m comaiand 0f the whole cavalry of the
field, all caught the panic and fell into the j rm. of Tennessee.
general rush, until it constituted a perfect I
storm ef tho madness of hnman felly. Sol- j SonoHUM. The Salem Press says :
Aim threw rlnwn their muskets about the ' A Terv fine healthv milch cow iu this vi-
filds and the streets, divested themselves of ; cinity pastured one night in a caue patch, ,
. -4 u i u- uii,flta ; and ontbe next momiDg she was thought to ;
cartridge boxes, knapsacks and blankets, j be iB m gUtJ of fon-n4er she dipd boever, !
order to run light; ambulances just returning -n a feW bours. up0rl fceing opened the seed
from the battle-field went galloping eff in this ! 0f the cane was found lodged in the second
wild whirlpool, filled with the agonizing ' stomach, and had cut through the outer aud
wounded, all tending to make "confusion inner coatings turnino; all the gastric juice
, i i ,t . into the canty of the body,
worse confounded. j. WQulJ be weU f,r far.n9r. to note th:s
I was sitting in an ambulance in the street, an(j K4ep their cattle from the seed cf sorghum
! bv Oie dead bo?y of Brig. Gsn. GedwiB, which caee.
OBITUARY,
At ni"h Point, September 15th. 1864, Captain
GEORGE F. F1SUEK, in the 49th year of his
age.
Froia leirgia.
MACON, Sept. 33. The armistiee exfired yes
terday morning at Rough and Ready, but thero
remains seven hundred and three Federals and
five hundred and two Confederates to be yet ex
changed, which will be done in a day or two.
Sherman's cavalry is supposed to have left At
lanta Thursday wornins, and parsed out npen
the right, but up to last accounts there bad bten
no general movement of his infantry. Ne ad
vance is anticipated in this direction.
Sherman is supposed to have forty thousand
effective men. IBs stock is in a very bad pligkt.
The Yankees yesterday received a dispatch,
says our truce officer at Reujrh and Ready, front
Stanton, in which it was claimed that Sheridan
had defeated Early and took 5000 prisoners, five
pieces of artillery and nine stands of colors.
Gens. Rodes and Gordon were killed and Godwin
and Bradley Johnson wounded, and that Earjy
was driven 18 miles.
President Davis arrived here this morning, en '
route for nood's army. He made a speech at the
Baptist church, taking a hopefnl view of the fu-
ture. He said that Sherman would son e iorrri
to retreat, and that the scenes of the retreat troin
Moscow would be re enacted.
An accident ocenrred on the Columbus railroad
this morning, in which eight persons were killed
and thirty -six wounded six mortally.
SXCOXS DISPATIH.
MACON, Sept. 2. Nothing new from the
front to-day. Parties who left Atlanta yesterday
morning report that up to that time tho Federal
array had made no move ia force. Sherman was
still bi ingiag up heavy supplies.
Northern and European Newt.
RICHMOND, Sept. 26. -The Herald of the 22ni
f!antain Fisher, for eome time previous to his
death, had command of the Comp ig Unimp0rUnt. The several
inr force in 6tb Congressional District. Mis I r
nromnt attention to his duties, bis urbane man- rebels who captared and burned the steamers ea
ners, his kind consideration for tbe welfart and Lake Erie have been captured.
L i l Aa..Jl
?I,r"K-B ni?ii"eTifihi3 P"ce'. army is reported at Pocahontas.
h. hi enrtrv was onlv eaualled bv bis Shelby wasat Powhatan on tbe 12th.
constant and earnest desire to come up to the full J One thousand rebels are reporUd at Chalk
measure of his duty. Those who were in his
as thot- wpd br the nure and srenerous impulses I wa
of a noble nature. Capt. Fioher was a christian I European advices to the 11th received. The
and his family and friends are coDsoled by the re- owner of the Georgia is notified that ne interference
lection that the same hand which has snatched . b
: trnm i :frml rlv tpnment the snirit of this t,s balf by the British Government need be
good man, has also swung back the golden gates expected, and that he must defend his interest m
j of heaven fur iU entrance upon an immortality of I the United States. Tbe Prize Court has reported
bliss.
A Fsismo.
!
JORDAN WOMBLE,
RALEIGH, N.C.,
1 GK0C1R AND COMMISSION MERCHANT
1 V
! CONTINUES to carrv on the Commission buti-
' ness on Hargett Street. All consignment of
! country produce and other goods received and
sold; special attention given to the sale of flour.
! WANTED TO PURCHASE WAX and TAL
, LOW, in large or small qtintities. Highest
that Semmes is again afloat ia a flne steamer with
three hundred, men.
Cottt n market quiet ; price unchanged ; .bread
stuff, dnll.
Headquarters 2nd District,
DxrAauuesT N. C. oo So. Ya., t
Guldsboro', Sept. 24, 1664. j
Kotlce.
N O PERMISSIONS wUl be granted to pass our
line bv flag of truce to Newborn hereafter
under any circumstances whatever.
piic paid.
se 2' wt,
ljv order of Brig. Gen. Basis :
se27 dJt J. C. MeKAE, A.
A. G