THE .CONFEDERATE.
WEDNESDAY, JANIfAUI 25, 165.
In preference to any remarks of our own,
in reference lo the Legi&liture row converting,
we give the following from ihe Fayciteviile
Observer ti yesterday :
The Legislature.
This bedy will rreetcgain tonsorrox. We
have very fr q'lently heard the wish press
ed, in which we ecu id not h.!p c nenrriug,
thai ro necexsi'y ex-.std for this meeting, or
any future one of a body so con.-liiuleu.
This wish is not altogether on recount of the
CHorrncus expense w hlch it entails r.p-n the
already deeply if.dnbtf-d Srate, thoegh that ia
a peri m item, fur it amounts to about $10,
000 a day. eo that a session of twerty-five
day?, the shortest tht can be hope 1 for will
add a quaru-r of a mi!!i-n td tho ?f;'te. debt ;
und s'niu'.d it xN'P'i to fifty days, a3 we fear,
then half a million will havo t.cen added to
that debt, find of cc:ise to the burnVr.s on the
people, now or hereafter. We ri not- in the
habit of eriplaiui.p; of a liber -! corn porsatiou
to public officers- finite the re v.-i. But the
necessity of faying members fifiy dollars a
day to CTiitble them to meet thir xpenues in
Raleigh, shou'd at Irast induce u short con,
and prevent any wrist. i of time upon aught
but matters of pi. ctica! j-nd n cer try legis
lation. I-t it is m-iinly becauce of the agitation of
Mich fcbitract que.-tions us v.'ie presented by
mischievous resolutions, tint any further
meeting of nch a body a the present Legis
lature is deprecated. That such res-oJut'ons ;ts
are now pending divide aud dispirit our own
people, we all see and know. That they en
courage the enemy is plainly bhuwu by "the
extracts made from their newspaper. We
repeat what we have heretofore sai l, that wo
do not charge thefce gentlemen or (heir fi How- -ers
with an intention to damage i ur caiii.; and
ericovr.-'pe the enemy ; but such 'iau- qurfun
ably the 'jfeclei their rtsolutioi a nd izm hes
ar:d vo'es. And it is because " a fear that
this evil effect wilt ba 'again produced and
increased, that th'ir rc-asseinbiin, is dfpre
cated.
But it is pwsisiole tint the recent sojourn
of the members with their cor.Ktitu -uts may
have served to remind some of (,f
the pledges and p;ii.ciph:s upon -vhiM ihty
were elected, and which they, disregarded
during their late session. We ri-fr ' not of
course to the s-niaiil number who vare openly
opposed4o.Gov. Vai.ce and his w ell known
policy of supporting with all heart the cause
of hia country. But these would have been
powerless if they had not had the countenance
and co-operation of more than their own num
ber from among those who made the Ioudesi
professions of being Vance men, and who were
only eleo'td because their cons fit uents relied
upon thee professions. Gov. Vance's policy
was well known before the election, and it is
still the fame, lie has given r.o encourage
ment to the enemy. lie hrs not filtered in
support of his country's cause, lie has effort d
no prepositions look in;: to a bipy submisioii
to the hated enemy, or to an ejtt illy base be
trayal of our sister State,. Yet some forty or
fifty of these Vance men, par czcelltnce, show
their devotion t his princii Ijs b supporting
and voting for resolutions on the most vital
of all subjects which he would spurn with iu
dignation and coittempt. We nave some
hope that such members have found at home
a more patriotic feeling than that which sur
rounded them and to which they gave way
during their recent session. It wiii be well
fprthem and for their country, a 1 only ill to
its enemies, if this hop shoulJ prcve to be
well founded. For themselve, we need only
remind them of the opprobrium which follow
ed all their lives, and still rests upon the mem
ory of those who in the revolution of 177G
gave aid and encouragement to the enemy.
Let them depond upon it, that in this as in
other things, history will repeat itself. After
the cstiibii.shiacnt of the icdepender.ee of the
Confederacy, ihcir resolutions, nod speeches,
and votes will be arrayed against t em during
their lives, and will taint their memory and
the character of their descendants Ion after
they sink to the grave.
Every energy of every true Southern man
should be devoted to the nbiainment of our
independence. Thro is dishonor and ruin in
any ether result. It is idle for any muu to
expect forbearance or mercy In m such an
in. placable and inhuman fee. The l;vs of
confiscation are already- ou their ctutu'.e books.
.The denunciation of bunging for every pub
lic officer above the rat.k of Colonel, (in
which pessibly maybe included niembtis of
Legislatures.) has -rjready bfr uttered in
Lincolu's Pn clamations. The jcbacr in the
North for our lands and otht-r property has
been and is open and furious. They aro set
apart as a reward tor the motly armies of s'l
nations and colors which if optnly fightii.
for them, and which the fV rUi vi uld be ob
liged to yield for fear these armies would take
at the Xorth what ebould be refused to them
at the South. V ill any one pretend in the
face of tht?o records that life and property
will be respected ? Let subjugation be per
mitted and the yankces wounl but laugh in
tho face of any one who was s-o green as to
entertain the idea.' They would point to the
record, and tell him that be submitted with
full knowledge and warniug of the conse
quences . .
On the other hand, what a glorious result
will follow union and determination ! Thj
. Confederay free free by the Dk-ssing of God
and the strong arms of ur valiant soldiers
and the wisdom of our Statesmen free from
the rule of the fanatics who for forty years
past had broken their plighted faiih freo
from all conrectiou with the miscreants who"
have shed so much noble Southern blood,
stolen so much Southern property, wantonly
destroyed so much more thai tot-y could not
steal, even to the farming implements with
which the people could make-the ir b'rcijd,
driven so many helpless women ai d children
out of their burning home's, and iusulttd md
outraged many of the unprotected whes and
sisters of Southern men. To o free Irom all
connection with, and especially from the rulo
of, such a people, is a blessing worth iucal
culable sacrifices. Yet there are somo who
will not ttru-glcfor the blessing after having
endured the sacrifices! If there was a reas
on for resistance in Miy 18G1, thtre is now
ten thousand fold more reason. That was the
time, if any, for cowards and cravens, to
shrink back This is the time for brave men
to stand up manfully, doiDg their own duty
and trusting in God for the event. Fay.
Observer.
State Officers.
Te are happy to see, from the special Re
port made by Msjor Maltctt of the Conscript
Bureau that the exemptions of State officers,
instead of reaching fourteen thousand, as here
tofore reputed by him, only amounts to five
thousand and ine hutdrtd. Major Mallett
.explains the manner in vhich the previous
error wae cvm mrWvd.
We csnuitad the follovricg article from a
Northern journal to the considerate perusal of
Southern readers who are disposedto be gloomy
and despondent of theConfederate cautc. If
men in the North can take vtch a view of the
condition of affairs, surely the people of the
Stuih should ftel not only hopeful, but confi
dent of final tMccese. For cursslves, we were
r eT?r more sanguine of heJ6nal result. That
the South will succeed in her struggle, we have
aa abiding faith. That it will be through euf
ferings and trials that the people tf North Caro
lina hare not yet endured, wc firmly believe.
But the the pucceesful end will t-urely cetne.
EaTaanali " Ours "
The capture of Savannah is a brilliant mili
tary achirvinnt, but it is worthless as an
agency of r?corisfiuction. It proves that
Sherman is a skillful general ; t-ui no milita
ry genius is capable cf rejoining the broken
links of sectional concord and fraternity. The
political welfare of ur country depends
upon statesxan-bip and patriotism, not upon
ability and hr roism in ihe fi Id. Those that
t:iiin.-ifa. Ike fX'crizicatir n of th-3 Southern
r i . , .
poyie m:ty congratulnte tnemscives" as, step
by stf-pi the swor l pursues its mission of de
struction, but the patriot has only cause to
mourn at the tidiogs of the fall of S Atthcru
strongholds, the occupation or'Sou;hera cities,
ai.d tL-c r.ut of Southern araiies. If, by btri
king down so many men upon the lield of
battle, or by holding so many square miles
of territory iiuder the stern rule ot the bay
onet, we could bend the- stubborn spirit of re
sistance, or restore the old feeling of brother
hood that created the .Republic, there would
be some re son to rejoice at tbe progress of
the Federal arms. But every vicio.y plants
a new germ of bitternes;. ai.d hatred, ad in
proportion as the Federal armies advance the
spirit of reconciliation recede, leaving the
fruits of discord and contention to mature ia
the path of conquest and desolation.
Savannah has fallen, and tho popular ex
pectation viigerly awaits the inteMtgrac that
Vilrnip?ton has succumbed. What thea
What if, besides, the pride of Chnrlefctou
should be humbled ? What if Mvbiie should
bi captured and Richmond should yield to
the veteran hosts of Grant ? The possession
of brick and mortar, and deserted streets does
not give the conqueror control over tho
hearts of living men. Napoleon bsued his
bulletins from almost every capita! in Europe,
but from all the v; t area of his corqiest ho
was unab!, in th cud, lo ctairri as much
ground as would suffice him for a grave.
The capture of the ports on the Southern
coast would cost the North not only the price
of capture, but the price of occupation; and
the Southern armies would be recruited in
proportion, by tfce release of thousands of
their soldiers from garrison duty. The old
men of the sea would .be shift. tt from C n
federate to Federal shoulders, 2nd the arrni
of the North, grouped at interval along V.a
coast from Norfolk to New Orleans, wou-.d
waste their strength in Watching stone w.i!'s
and quiet harbors, while their enemies would
be concentrating for active operations in thn
interior. It is ttuo that the channel of sup
plies from foreign markets would be blocked ;
hut a people that are fighting for indepen
dence need but the fruiti of their native. soil
for sustenance arid the fabricks of their owa
hand for clothing.
Marion's frugal repast and his rude shelter
in the Carolina swamp, diet not weaken his
muscles or subdue hia spirit Toe wild Cau
casians, in their mcuntaih fastnesses, hemmed
in on every side, were able to bafllo the vast
armies of Russia for nearly half a century.
The only question is, whether the Southern
people have as much fortitude and love of
liberty as those half civilized mountaineers.
The question is answered when we call to
mind that they are Americans, the noble de
scendants of our revolutionary fathers and
the legatees of freedom, lo such men ad
versity is srrngth. They are Ike the m arm
ors, who sleep in the sunshine, but a hen the
storm rages and danger assail them on every
side, t!y rally to the 'shrill sound oi the
boatswain's whistle, and spring, all .life and
zeal and fearlessness, to their atloted duties.
After every disaster to the Confederate arms,
a cry, cot of terror or faiut-heartedness'; but
of rage knd ' proud defiance, has gone forth
from the South, more thrilling and expres
sive of their indomitable will than any shout
of victory. So will it be to the end, and
only when every Souiheru voice is huskrd in
death will that cry be stilled. -Even then, no
where will be- heard tbe accents of submission,
but the silence of te wilderness will reign
amid the graves of a slaughtered people and
the ruius of their homes.
The par.s of victor)' that ascend from the
Norin are the death knells of their own liber
ties. Republicanism cannot long live in the
atmosphere of civil strife, and every Federal
success serves but to prolong the war. For
four years the lacd has4c. n convu'sed with
the exhausting throes of intersectional con
tention, an! already our political structure '
is so changed that its builders would not
recognize its delaced and shattered form. r
Our lathers gave us a Republic for an in
heritance, and four years of civil war have
transformed it into a military despotism. If
our own peopie, blinded by-the dust and smoke
of battle, and intoxicated by the blood that
recks frtm their polluted soil, caunot realize
that they are ruled by the bayonets that obey
tbe one man power, let them ask of Europe,
that surveys the infernal scene with mingled
Lfeclings of piiy, scorn and wonder, what is
cur condition. Let the war'continue four
years longer, and the principle of self-government
will be buried in the hearts of enthralled
patriots, to be extinct for ever, or to await
resurrection at the hands of future generations.
The triumph of the Federal arms over the
sovereign States of the Sutth may make us
a great power in the family of nations, may
blazon our escutcheon with military laurels
and raise us to the giddy elevation that Rome
attained by conquest ere she tottered in the
blaze of glery and fell into the abyss ; but
farewell, then, the Republic. The sword and
the purse will govern, and the voices of the
people will have no loftier theme than the
adulation of their rulers. The fall of Sa.
vannah is a splendid - vietory ; tut it is one
blow upon the anvail where the chains of tho
North are being forged N. 1". Xeics.
North Carolinians, true to the fast, as the
following extract of a letter from an officer of
the Coniederate army will show, who was for
some time a prisoner at Johnson's Island.
After giving an account of the sufferings of
the prisoners there, he says :
"And I will here state that I never saw more
determined epirlta than the North Carolinians
on Johnson's Island, they alone being able to
say, "Not a man from my State has taken the
oath in this prison." The treatmt nt of those
who take tbe oath is just the thing. Old Abe
has issued an order that all the C. S. officers
who take the oath were to be kept in prison
until after the exchange of all prisoners. He
does this on account of so many taking the catlT
and returning to our armies."
GENERAL ASSEMBLY OF KOTH CAROLINA, r
SENA1E.
Tuesday, January 17, 18G5.
The Senate was ca'led to crder twenty
minutes after twelve and the roll called by
Mr. Badger, rending Clerk. The following
Senators answered to their names : Messrs :
Arendell. Aycock, Baglcy, Dick, Kills, Harris,
Eirby, (Mom,-Pool, Ward, Warren, "Whit
ford, Winstead. and Wright, and there being no
quorum, the Senate, on motion of' Mr. Areu
dei', adjourned till to-morrow at twelve
o'clock.
HOUSE OF COMMONS.
The Huse was called to crder a little after
twelve, Speaker DceecII in the Chair. Oa the
roll bing called it appeared that there wus no
quorum of the Reuse, the following gentlemen
alone arjs t riig to their names : Messrs. Alfcrd,
Ashworib. Best, Brown of Mecklenburg, Cald
well, Clapp, Dargan, Faucette, Flyat, Gaskins,
George, Orisscra, Haues, Harrison, HoltGn,
Jordan, Lne, Love, McuorniiCK, 3icueaee,
Murphy, person, Russell, Shepherd, Simmons,
Smith of Duplin, Smith and of Jobcfctoti uod on
motion of Mr. McCorraick, the House adjourned
till to-merror at 12 o'oclock.
. SENATE.
VTEPNEtDAY, January 18ib, 1865.
At 12 M , the Senate was called to order,
Spoaker Mebaue in the chair, and a quorum
appearing, proceeded to business ; Mr. Speak
er aod Messrs.' Brry, Bogle, Courts, Horton,
Jones, Lassh-ter, Long, McCorekle, McEach
ern, Pitchford, Suead, Straughan, and Taybr
answering to their names, in addition to those
mentioned being present yesterday.
The Speaker presented a communication
from C. R. Thomas, Esq., resigning the po
sition of Chief Clerk of the Senate.
Mr. Long nominated Neil McKay, Esq.
for Chief Clek in Mr. Thomas' place. Mr.
Wright nominated V. A. Iluske, Esq., and
Mr. Lassistcr nominated Frank I. Wilson,
Eq.
On motion of Mr. Ellis, the election was
postponed till to-morrow at 12 M.
Mr. Ikrry introduced a bill to facilitate the
erection of bridges in the county of Alamance;
which was, on motion of Mr. Lassistcr,
amended so as to include the county of Gran
ville, and us thus amended, passed its various
readings under a sufimsioa of the rules.
A message was then sen t the lions?, inform
ing that body tl.dt the Senate had organized,and
proposing a joint committee to wait upon
Uis Excellency the Governor, and receive
any communication he rn'ght have to make.
None being forthcoming, the Senate adjourn
ed. HOUSE OF COMMONS. "
The House was called to order at twelv-e
o'clock by Speaker" Donnell, and on the roll
being called, it appeared that there were pres-
nt, in addition to those mentioned yesterday,
Messrs. Allison, Alston, Amis, Banks, Baxter,
Blair, Bond of Gates, Boyck, Carson of Alex
ender, Costner, Crarge, -Crawford of Rowan,
Crawford of Wayne, Cunningham, Davis of
Halifax, Davia of Franklin, Duke, Fowle,
Gidney, Grier," Harrington, Han is, Horton of
Wilkes, Judkins, Lews, McAdcn, Murrill,
.Patterson, Philiips, Polk, Powell, Riddick,
Rogers, Shipp, Smith of Cabarrus, Stancell,
Stipe; Strong, Waugh, Wheeler and Wooteo.
On motion of Mr. Shepherd, a message was
sent the Senate, informiug that body that the
House had organized and wis ready to proceed
to the dispatch of the public business.
The Speaker laid bsforo the liousc certain
depositions in the contested election case of
Sam'l J. Calvert and Wrn.-J. Rogers, of the
county of Northampton.
Mr. Waugh intitxluced a resolution as to
the expediency of suspending executions where
specie payment is demanded. ;
Mr. Allison introduced a resolution, calling
on the committee on the Insane Asylum to re
port as to the general condition, managemut,
and expenses of said institution.
A message was received from the Senate,
stating toe organization of tust body and its
readiness to proceed to business.
Mr. McGehee moved a message be sent the
Senate, proposing a joint select committe to
wait upon his Excellency, the Governor, inform
him of tbe organization of the General Assem
bly a:d receive such communication us he might
have to make ; to which proposition the Senate
acceded, aud the committee reported that his
Excellency had no communication at this time
to make.
The House then adjourned, on motion of Mr.
Haues, till to-wcrrow at 10 o'clock.
A gentleman and good citizen, living with
in fifty miles of tniscity, was called on lat ly
by a deputation of his servants, The Spokes
man, a very intdiigent servut, stated briefly
the views of his fellow-servants ia substance
as follows : "
" We know where and who our friends are.
If the Yankees come to trouble us, Massa, vfe
take to the woods, and you mu'st net be atraid
for us. We will do all wo can and find you
uut.
These good servants rlike all servants who
have found good masters knew and acknowl
edged their iutercsts and best welfare, and
they went to their master thus after hearing
stirring rumors that had been industriously
propagated by spies, traitors, tones aud gold
sellers among us that Wilmington had been
taken ; that the Yankees were shelling or
investing Brar.chville, and that Sherman was
marching w ithout hindrance or opposition on
Charleston. ,
While these good servants were thus show
ing their preference and loyalty and "devotion
to truth and duty, a few creatures wearing
petticoats and calling themselves wisest ot
men who are living on Confederate rations,
were expressing openly and insolently their
hopes at d wkhes for Sherman.
The example of other cities should warn
us that a very few puch creatures among us
and with r.s may do us more irjury than a
regiment of enemies. It is time to know
and mark all who are with us and not for us.
fl harlesion Courier.
From the State Journal.
' Casualties at Fort Fisher.
List of casualties in Company b, 40th Reg
iment, N. C. Troops, Capt. James IS. Lane
commanding, up to Saturday night, 14th
instant. ,
Killed Private M. P. Caton.
Wounded Capt. Jas. S. Lane, not serious
ly; Sergt. W. W. Briggs, sliohtlv; Jas. W.
Dickson, arm broken; W. L. Edwards, slight
in shoulder; Franklin Dunn, slight in arm;
Alfred Baseden, slight; Thos. Bradley, se
verely in leg and jaw bone broken.
The following were left on detail at Fort
Holmes Lieut. J. J. Brabble, Wni. Daniel,
J'. L. Griffin, Jas. H. French, E.S. Robinson)
Thos. R. Spence and .W. R. Bridgers.
Sick Kenneth Gaithef, Lewis Hudson,
Alfred Warner and N. B. Rowe. These were
also left at Fort Holmes.
The balance of the company, with Capt.
Lane, were at Sort Filter.
The War News.
The lines arc qoiei the men repairing dam
ages done by the late rains no fight expected ,
though several transports, laden both ,with
black aud whife troops, but mostly black, bave
been 'lately seen ascending' the river.
x BLAH'S 1I.-I H.
There is no doubt of the tact that Francis
P. Blair is here and there is the same diver
sity about his project here as at Washington.
We have reason to think to know indeed
thai this oid man is here on ai&own authority
and of his own motion that he has no authen
tication from ihe Thankee Government, either
Written or verbal ; that he has no message to
deliver, 6r cards lo show only he psked to
see the c rds in cur hands. One story goes
that he expresses the opinion that the Sjuth
ern Slates might negotiate their eubmissi-.n
en the basis of "Prospective emancipation."
The received version of his interview with
President Davis, is, that he, v Blair, wroie
Davis a little letter enqiiiiing whether he
would receive a social visit from an oldi iend
that Davis responded and that the inter
view took place, a the end of which Davis
delivered to Blair a letter to Lincoln, in which
he declared his willingness either to receive
O'lumiesiocers from the United Sta:esto treat
of peace, or to send them duly credited, if
they would be received at Washington.
Montgomery Blah" did not come f&rther
thau City Point.
WILMINGTON.
The Yankre gunboats, upwards of fifty in -number,
are ag.dn visible eT Wilmington, aud
were yesterday said to be engaged -in a v;gor
ous skeiliug of the woods near Fort Fisher.
There is a rumor that an attack lias been com
menced against the Fort itself but the War
Department had last night received no intelli
gence oi it. . The Yankees will not taks F -rt
Ficher.
We learn that the Piedmont connection
will be iu running order to day or to-morrow.
From what we hear there are certain obvious
facilities of transportation which the Govern
ment may command by the alteration of the
gage oi this road, and which it shoulel take
advantage of at the earliest moment: In our
great line of Southern communications, ex
tending say from Richmond to Augusta, the
road is of the same g ige, excepting the Pied
mont link, which extends forty-eight miles.
It is only necessary to conform tire 'gage of
this forty-eight miles of railroad to that of
both its connections, by moving one of its
rails three inches aud a half a work which a
gar g of negro laborers niigJit do, in a week
to hav?-a single gage from Richmond to At
lanta, over which trains might pass without
or.ee breaking their ireight. As it is, we hear
there is great cecasion for delay in thre ship
men t. of freight ; aud we are informed that it
is not an unfrequent occurrence for trains to
be detained at Greensboro for two days at a
time, waiting to shifs their freight. .There is
no occasion for these stages of transportation
which choke up the road, and no reason that
we can discover but the neglect of obvious fa
cilities why the Government should not run
through trains from points as far as Georgia
to the depot in Richmond. Lichmi-nd Jux
aminer, lith. . r .
How Nw Year's Day'ws once Cele
brated in the Libby. The Northern papers
publish an extract from a forthcoming ac
count, by Captain Izabad, of life in the Libby
Prison. He gives an account of a theatrical
entert .inment extemporized in the Libby"
on New Year's eve. Describing it he says :
The programme consisted of three parts
Parti, purely musical, the performers Cap
tains Sholl, Kendall and Mas and Lieuten
ants Jones and Lombard. Part 2, iikewise
musical, commenced with a banjo solo, and
closed with a clog dance. "The Rival Lovers,"
ad intermezzo, here followed; actors, Captain
Mass a'd Lieutenant Randolph. Part 3,
"Country worn m in p. Photographic Gallery,"
and a masquerade ball the additional actors
being Major Neincr, Captain Mc.VilJiam.3,
and Lieutenants. Welch, Bennett and . Moran.
"Admission free children in arms are not ad
mi ttcL'
As the call "lights out" was by special
order iu our favor delayed urdil midnight, we
were enabled after the threatricals to make
efforts at sundry other sports. Up wo'
marched to the bon ton, the central room of
the prison whsrc a purely musical entertain
ment was extemporized. Lieutenant Jones
gave, amid a calm applause : " Do they think
of me at home ?" My Hungarian Major, per
haps the most sickly figur in the prison, gui
tar in hand, sang Shuhe.rt'sr serenade, while
Lieutenant Randolph, United States Artille
ry, called forth ranch applause by a witty
ditty of his own creation. In the midst of
these melodious strains, creative at once of
mirth and sadness, arrived the fatal twelve
o'clock. The guard, with vigorous punctual
ity, and perhaps more than punctuality, now
began to send us up the echo of the hated
lights out " The' solitary tallow candle,
threatening soon to expire in its own sweat,
hal to be extinguished; but not so with the
strain of musio. There we stood cr jwded in
the corner of tho room, performing and listen
ing to the grand Jlnala in thick darkness.
At the Olt Capitol Pbist.n. We have
received from Benjamin M. Cremwell, Surg
Provisional Army Confederate States, the
following list of prisoners held at the Od
Capitol, Washington, District of Columbia.
They are all well :
Colonel .Randolph Harrison, Furty-sixth
Virginia; Lieutenant-Colonel Peyton Wise,
Forty sixth Virginia ; Major R R Hutchinson,
'A A G, Rode8di vision ; Major A R Tenable,
General Hampton's staff ; Captain A P Love,
Phillips' Legion ; Capt J H Norwood, Forty
seventh North Carolina; Captain J R Roach,.
Forty-fourth North Carolina ; Captain J W
Goslen, Fifty-second North Carolina ; Lieut
W Y Thompson, Twelfth Georgia; Lieut J
M Alexander, Fifth Texas; Lieutenant N. B
Hilliard, Forty-fourth North Carolina; Lieut
R W Sted man, Forty-fourth North Carolina ;
Lieutenant A S Webb, Adjutant Forty-fourth
North Carolina ; Lieutenant T M Carter,
Forty-fourth North Carolina ; Lieut Joeiah
Ryland, Thirty-fourth Virginia ; Lieutenant
A J Setze, Seventh Georgia cavalry ; Lieut A
D Cox, Fortysixth Virginia ; Lieutenant F H
Rahm, Mosby's battalion ; G W Clarke, Co.
H, Fourth Virginia Cavalry. Examiner.
Happiness.: Now, let me tell you a secret
a secret worth knowing. This looking for
ward for enjoyment don't pay. From vfiat I
know of it, I would as soon chase . butterflies
for a living, or bottle up moonshine for cloudy
nights. The only true way to be happy, is
to take the drops of happiness aa God gives
them to us every day of our lives. The boy
must learn to be happy while he is plodding,
over his lesson; the apprentice while ho is
making his fortune. If he fails to learn this
art, he will be -sure to miss his enjoyment
when he puns what he nfca ibr.
TELEGRAPHIC
- i
REPORTS OF TBE PK-TSS ASSOCIATION
From WilcilDgton.
RICHMOND, Jan. 16. The (ellowiog official
telegram wag received this inorcirg :
Hkipojartkbi, Jan. 16.
Hon. J: A. Scdjttm : Gen. Bragg report! that
the enemj bombarded Fort Fisher furiously all
day yesterday, audit 4 p. no. tbeir infantry ad
vanced tt ass&ult, a heavy demontt ration at the
same hour being made agaioft their rear by our
troops. At half past fix, p. ni., Cen. Whitinjf
repotted their attacks Lad failed -anil the garrison
was being-strcagthened v. ita i'n?b troop?. About
ten p. in., the Fort was captured with roftf ita
garrison. No farther particulars at this time.
(Signed) R. L LEE, Gen.
From Ihu Vallfy. ,
The following was received last night :
Headquarters, Jan. 15. Early report that
three hundred men surprised and captured the
garrison at Beverly, Randolph co., on the 12th,
killing and wonsding a considerable number,
taking five hundred and eighty prisoners; his
loss slight.
(Signed) V R. E. LEE.
Confederate Congress.
' RICHMOND, Jan. 16. In the Senate the
House Currency Bill was reported back from the
Committee of Finance with amendments.
The bill increasing tbe salary ot tbe Vic Pres
ident was passed, f.nd then resolved into secret
session. Mr. Orr rose to personal explantirn
caused by an article from the Sentinel, which he
asked to be read by the Clerk. The article re
ferred, to was bsed on a short communication
which mentions that. rumor said a resolution was
before Congress, in secret session, to open nego
tiation through Commissioners with Lincoln for
peace. The writer denounces this as treachery of
the mo5t infamous character, and says the people
will not allow themselves to be sold by traitorous
Congressmen after this fashion. The Sentinel
says this report has excited surprise and indigna
tion, and if any but a regularly authorized moic
of couimubicatien with the enenry be resorted to,
Congress will not escape the indignant reprehen
sion of the people. Mr. Orr said this slanderous
article wu intended as a criticism upon the re
port he submitted from the Committee on Foreign
A flairs. The movement proposed was not in the
hands of timid, time-eerving mtn, but was sus
tained by volumes of 6entiment in the country and
army, and our sense and. duty should determine
that some form of statesmanship shall be invoked
, in an honest effort to end this carnival of death, by
negotiation. . "
Mr Lester moved a supensio: of the rules to
enable him to submit a preamble and resolutions,
declaring statements embraced in the Sentinel eo
far as intended to apply to the House, merited tbe
emphatic rebuke and unqualified denunciation of
the House.
Ihe House refused to suspend yeas 32, nays 36
Mr Smith of Ala, in part, said kc considered this
vote an endorsement cf the ISototind, and as long
as he had any self-respect, it would prevent bis
taking any further part in the deliberations of the
body ;
Several members stated they did nt regard this
vote as an endorsement of the Sentinel, and as
signed different reasons for'their opinions.
The exemption bill was taken up and vai ions pro
positions to amend the clause relative to the Press
submitted. All amendments were finally I id upon
the table.
The special committee on the case of Mr. Foote,
made a report, declaring that he was absent with
out leave, and that the public good could not be
served by compelling his attendance. Declaring
also that it was expedient for the military authori
ties to discharge hira from custody. A kubstitute
adopted, declaring that he had no privilege as a
meuiber of the House, and referring the matter to
the Preside with a statement of the facts.
RICHMOND, Jan. 17. Tbe substitute for the
Committee report, in the case of the Hon. H. S.
Foote, was not adopted in the House, yesterday.
Final action on the resolution declaring the report
of the Committee to be the judgment of the House
resulted in ytas 32, nays 36.-
R1CHM0ND, Jan. 17,-In the Senate a bill
passed increasing the maximum ratos of- compen
sation allowed, to KailroaJ Companies for the
transportation of the mail.
In the House McMullin made a personal expla
nation, declaring, that, if the Sentinel or its cor
respondent chose to arraign his .action as being
traitorems, he pronounced them iujamou Hart.
.Mr. Miles submitted a resolution, which was
adopted, for the appointment of a Joint Commit
tee to prepare an address to the people of the Con
federate States, assuring them of tho unalterable
determination of Congress to prosecute the war,
Ac.
The death of Gen. Morgan was formally an
nounced in the House, by a Representative from
Texas, and after the pronouncement of eulogies
and the adoption of customary resolutions, the
House adjourned.
No Northern papers received to-day.
From Richmond and the Xorth.
RICHMOND, Jan. 16. Judge Halliburton has
awarded a writ of Habeas Corpus, ordering tbe
Provost Marshahof Federjckburg to bring Mr.
I xooie Deiore mm inursaay:
The New York Times of the 15th received.
It has very little news. The Yank.ee Senate had
passed a consulatnr, approving the bill after sbu
stituting the words "Republic of," before Mexico
.Jim Lane has been elecWd Senator from Kan"
eas. -'
Tne recent flood in the James river opened tbe
channel of the Dutch Gap Canal.
Sickles has sailed for California.
Mr. Foote has arrived at Washington.
Hroin Charleston.
CHARLESTON, Jan. 17. A Yankee monitor
on picket duty between forts Moultrie and Sum
ter, was sunk last night, supposed by torpedoes
only the smokestack left above the water. A
deserter reports tbe force on the line of the
Salkitchie consists of tbe seventeenth and a part
of the fifteenth corps ; their destination Charles
ton. A considerable body of the enemy's infan
try moved about noon within two and a half
miles of Combahee ridge, but afterwards retired
to their intreachments at Gardner's corner.
northern Xcws.
. JACKSON, Jan. 15. Memphis papers of the
10th and Virkeburg of the 14th have been receiv
ed. A large amoczrt of money has been raised in
New York and other cities, for the sufferers at
Svvannah., Brigadier General Geary takes com
mand of Savannah, and Sherman was marching
upon Branchville. Federal troops were concen
trating at Florence in large numbers. Troops
are passing down the Mississippi. Wathburne is
in command of Vicksburg and Dana of Memphis.
Thomas says ho has not met the stubborn re
sistance promised from Forrest's and Hodd's ar
niea. They oouhl not area &e lonnefKJe rivrr.
Lincoln rays foreigners boo gat ths Savannah
cotton by the sals' of arm?, and therefore dechuoa
it forfeited.
Centrals Johnston, Jackson, and Smith bar
been sent to Ftrt Warren.
The World say s England and Francs will not
permit the Uton tdbe restored, but will recogniaa
the Confederacy before tbe ith of March.
Gold fairing 221.
Further from the Jforth.
MO BILK, Jan. 16. A special dispatch td tba
Register, dated Senatobia, January 16, says tho
Chico Times of the 25th, (?) and Metrnhb tapers "
of the 12th, bad been received, which state that
Fort Smitfc had been evacuate by the Federals.
Confederate forces, artillery and infantry, got be
tween Little Rock and that place, compelling tha
evacuation.
Kuajors are rife of an intended raii ftvm Mem-
puis. 1 he lines arc kept very close.
Late Knrapcan correspondent tay that Lord
Russell has intimated to Mr. Mason, that thtre
was no linger any just cause for rot recogcuing
the Confederate Government.
From Petersburg.
PETERSBURG, Jan. 18. A flar of truce has
been bservcd in the lint s here to-day, and white -Jligs
have been fljic at different points. In
consequence, not a iua has been fired. Sever
al parties going Aotthwtit raised through the
line this mcrnicg.
Confederate Congress.
RICHMOND, J an. 18. In the Senate, nothinx
of impoitatce. In tbe House yeterdav. Mr.
Marshall moved to reconsider the bill to impose
a duty on Tobacco, and an additional duty en Cot-
tn, with instructions to report a bill to take all
the Cottr.n and Tobaeo in tkr Confederacy en ac
count of the Government, and provide for the fu
ture payment therefor to owners at present mar
ket value.
This propcition wa diacussed yesterday and
to-day without result. 1 he Hoe wU into secret
sjasion after tbe expiration of tbe morning hour.
Mr. rootc arrived this afternoon from Freder.
icksburg. The Secretary of War directed yes
terday that be be releaied Mr. Foote refused
to accept his dicuarge, and it sis ted to be brought
before Judge Halj button.
From tbe Richmond Examiner, Jan. lite..
Among the arrivals by the fl;ig of truce boat
last night, wa., that of Mr. Edward A. Pollard,
nf this city, sent through the lines for ex
change. Mr. Pellard reported at Fortress
Monroe on the SOth of November last fur ex
change, hiW, without arJy known caufe, was
placed there iu close and solitary confinement
in a guard box, where he lived tor some weeks
without pace to wa.k iu aud sheltered from
th u weather only by a shell of boards, ventil
ated throttgh seams half an ineh wide. This
was in consequence! of a direct order from
Secretary Stanton, whoj in this instance as Iq
others of the oppression of our prisoners, is
directly and personally responsible. Strange
:o say, Butler relieved Mr Pollard from a situa
tion iu which Mr. Pollard says thit an officer
of the guard at Forlres Monroe declared that
a man could not reasonably be expected to
survive for two weeks
As it ithe last act which Butler cu proba
bly ever uo to a Confederate prisoner, it may
be mentioned ft r his benefit. For we learn
from Mr Po'lard, thai ou Sunday last, General
Butler vos removed net o-ily Irom the com
mand of the army of the James, but from all
other command, aud ordered by the Adjutant-Ge-.ieral
at Washington to report himself at
Lovdl, Massachusetts, which is his residence.
Ihe terms of this jrder were comtruedto the
effect that B. F. B. had been rt moved in drs
grace. Major-Geieral Ord takes command
of ihearmv of the James and cf the Depart,
meut ot Virginia and Ni.rlh Caroliua ; but
this is supposed to be only an arrangement
ad inltrim. In any event, Butler is t-helved
for tbe war; and it is thought a uot improba
ble consequence that we may next hear of this
individual declaring a war against the politi
cians fit Wnshington.
We have from Mr. Pollard and other sources
ofin formation the ruc-st positive assurances that
the Blair minion i still afoot, and that since
the announcement in the Northern papers of
their return to Richmond, thpy have -appeared
ou the lines of the Yankee army. Blair,
pcre, was at Aiken's house yesterday morning.
Theie ii no mistake about this; and tbe de
tention of the Confederate prisoners at that
point since Friday was understood to have been
in coLsiqucoce of the precedence under the
flag of truce of the business of the Blairs,
whatever it may l e. A i.ew shade of mystery
had been given to the matter which it id ia-pesr-ible
to penetrate as yet.
During Mr. Pollard's term as a prisoner
tight mouths he had au interval of parole
ou account of his health, in which he had op
portunities of visiting mai,y of the Notlhern
cilhb New Ycrk.-Bostur, Brooklyu, Balti
more, etc., and thus gathering much of the
true public sentiment ai d political designs of
the North. He stys generally, that while
(here is not the least hope lor t ie South ia
any present political orgaoizitioo iu tho
North, there are grounds of encouragement in
the military situation of which the people of
the Confederacy have nothing like adequate
ideas; that the military resources ot the
North, although euperebuodnt and impress
ing atthe first view,aie not practically available,
and are fast being contracted by certain moral
forces which the revtispapers do not take into
their calculation ; that their system of draft,
hitherto pitched tip by foreign enlistments,
negro tniitmeuia aud bounties, is neatly at
the print of exhaustion; that the drait of
last huzi.mer, for 500.000 men, furnished hat
tecenty thousand effecti vt ; that the expe
dient cf bounties caun t be carried much
further, home counties having alre.idy been
taxed on this score actually in excels of the
value of all the real and personal property
within their lsmits, some for instance in - New
York State having accumulated a debt ef a
million and a halt of dollars on the single ac
count of military largesses ; and that, finally,
all intelligent men in the North are given to
the opinion that when the necessities of tho
war are pushed to ti e peiot ot an enforced
draft, of an actual conscription, that it is pre
cisely at that period and precisely from that
cause that the war will and soost break down.
Thus tbe conclusion may be drawn that the
independence u( -the Confederacy is to bo
achieved more surely by the sheer force of en
durance than by anything else, and .that even
if we should fail to accomplish it by the sig
nal strokes o! miliary fortune, it will be work
ed out at the last, and that much more speed
ily than is geneially supposed, by a simple
competition of the real resolution of th
South with a confidence in the North, now
bloated and swaggering, bat really on the
vexge"bf the last and fatal necessity which
is not finances, not political revolutions, or
any of that lxh of I be propbeU of peace, but
biii.ply conscription.
All tha bridges oa the Neuse Viver, east of
this city, except Powell's and Battle's, wert
vwrpt away by the reotarfrthot.