THE CONFEDERATE .
WEDNESDAY, AVGIST 10, 1864.
A shut time ag, it w is ar.njuncod that j
Mr. Vallar.digham bad broken through the j
p'.emy'u line., abandoned his exile, and re- J
turned, in J -fivica of his .secUD-?.? of o.uits la
ment to his hom in Oiiii. Immediately
thereafter was heard hi first defiance to hi
yi I'-. 'Ms 'ir't app.?d to his f ri?riiy a declara
ti.'f! of" wir ; :kint th? fcrtn:;r, u decU'ati-jo
I;.r pe-ce to the hv
Mr. , i!g of O do. had rdready raide his
b-Al f.s.-udt in the II )u:-e of lie presenta'ivea. j
This was followed by the man! j and cnt--poken
letter of M irisH Aq-lerxon ; and tb'js
Th:o -h-r-lds ef a. bold:r and m r defiant ;ti- i
rt cirv ot r"-C5, -uttered their first word s i.f .
oreiu '.r.d, without let r.r ie'erroption. j
R-.p'd'y folio.-bag thee signifi -ant dearta- j
i r r'.i " !5. is the movement of political ho- j
- 1 ; I f k !...- i
: a. I r? e in ii lA'aacr;' io commute"
i!;p; at SWt-.fiin-TK.n, nd in the hf&rm:? -f
Lu.cob., pass-1 4 nrardt-mng resolution in fa
vor of n 'in filiate armistice. Tha orun?
of the Democracy fa New York and Iiiii o's
catch tip and spread the cry for armistice sm-'l
rw:ve. Delegates favoring both tlic.se p-opo- 'j.
.jiiii.v.s. nave been : j-. -inted to the China 20 f
Convention from York, Ohio ar.d C -n-iiftii.-ui
, i:! the indications are that when
the Nation d Convention n?seniblest them wil
bo but one voice jn the mitter, ar:d thai the
pi-itf- ru .vii! present tho naked issue of j
peace or eof.tinued wir.
Th ;s .01 additiotnil hem to thU flattering
testimony. Me'S. Clay and H oleum be- J
the on- late Scuator of the Corned re j
States, the ltlier a im-mher of the pre.'c:t,t !
j
Hue of Rpieritati?e, both uiftiiifiuishr-J j
iinj trurtfd lr.n ti rt:''h rt.iu 'vo b-
t
twii,, ' have br-r: .x far brought fare 1 fat c j
witii tiii Fn'oral C'vt rniut ot 11 t- b o-e 10 i
c t i.f i. re the woild.in a tocr diatirjet yhnpe
thuu we have been erer b'e heretofore Id aj- i
T-!i;phsh, tin' r- ad iio of ur pc .j.Ii! at;d j
jovt-rimic'irt to in;ke pat e, "to r.)UH ii?f i;v-
roiiatiotis", in ? very umu.H't that thn rr.csny !
wi.l aU A'id although thf I'edpral B ionn,
.ri'r thn cir'nliiBre f his sir itor oour.relh r, j
cut h.r the hop uf L'3 oven people i.y htt
asrvi-n? C"!.ditir,r, rcTrrthfie?, the people j
IimhI t!.o prop' t -l. r. ii. M:ch toio? that its ;
uu'A.i nticity cannot he called hi qiu-th-u. ai:i
it jioe to Uif vi for 5;?cu5?on iu tho pend-
iu: n !:!.;! :.:r. p I'.n. and hrc rises a p .nr- j
f'l vv?p. iiiO,j,f. li-ir.d-! of there uhn t;ro !
t:- fodv n'id ickde4-.' of the I'rderai liilcru ;
!
ard :i.;v 14 0 i?acn W cre uct; what are i
. , . '
!!.?:.-, 4 I hiulf of II. ra' Greij, it he !.
c !.c rr t- further thn l)iest".i of J
pf . Nor con it be dttud that toe rery
lopri.v i:h s wf.i.-h ti-akc v.ptl-c 4?seitials of his j
ci.Vrt t r. put it exactly i:. his p. wer to bj of 1
!! that c !: t::i i: it is imixctant to I
'a'l' i-vt.r.
A !'i :t t '.!.! riHi" tin:", when these erents !
arc traii?j.irint: r-u i'ie .Southrrn cn fines of i
'1
t.o. p rtcbs 1 a-M rf:.;(:td IlidiniotvJ. !
c- or.c l 1 lie fl.ig of tru'.v boat rcfscnce '
roii Liutoln, it is .id, :. r.d Veiling itrtp r-
tn?it o.'MWni toati -ii in tiie interest oi peiu'e. !
C'nip'o't i-i::,io Cbf.a'o!is!-cs thiamin Ilichioo-.d i
at a firrf-.ci v-s hotel, the rpeipiriits of at !
tion aod ti.uric:-y ar )jp. haudr? of.G.Tvrn-j
incnt 1 Hi' i y.i. i-.u a.-ciihts to thtm 11 e hoi.or '
! s'-v.-i.. 1 inter . vs will; fh Tir-sideiit of;
M.c C.'tdet'ctacv. w'th spend ii"" ro'u1 fVt:i -iv?
i!r'!Ute.-,-d ( ii c'I ir ii;e : ard on their return. '
r, e t thse j ';;i5- is tcj le'ser.ud i?Ti;i;;
;hiihf : ao acroc.c.t of 'his recension I v nr !
Chief i'ii!ijitratc, atl of the niiimc.t tun Iviil !
thfn by h'"m ivr tiie s:Mleir:c't f he ques-
u--r. of cm.fii ct l.-ttwi-cri flic two nafjiir:?. ;
According to thi? c?t as presntd tho ;
jai)!if, it '.v.)u!d .ern that Mr. Lincoln would.;.
:ii! v T'o approach would hear no proposi- ',
iion 'iteri to no ru-pitir.tio'.i herd no rr.oe !
r r pci-.'e ':inni$t a ;rre:Hit,rot vur uatt.-.-n- 1
n'ity without a retu n t the Uuioa, a-. j
witl.- tij ;u !,bando:iticiit of the institution of ;
Mr. vis, vi th.. otbr far. 1. i- i enr.s,rl- '
e i ti : ii'tl-xib'c ii tiu' o.-e single pnrpov, :
ts. have the in epcrccucc of th Conftf.icrao
retvcniz.d. Ai d thu the two nations are ;
r.pparehtly vh!c apart as ever. ;
Ibtt s'ich is not the real ci?3. A wide;
stride ha be n taken towards pence. And
ijow.il oui -people, with stern detcrrrduntion :
iltivrite their strength, put down dissension,
rc'u.f ice on-armies., for yut a 'tittio lonr,
the bhv-iu we all desire will he speedily i
Toncbfafed. Kverj:hii; depends u this '
n i.iIm f August. Ifail give willing hands,
wiliii' hearts to the cause, the reult will b
Brcured. We will resume this qiertiou to- :
m rrov.
In pref- rscs to editorials for to-day's isue, 1
r ivo our roabos a vivid and hisjily inte- '
resting kce.tU'it of the army camp ti-n of 18G1,
tiken from a Montreal, Canada, paper, and
for which we bespeak a cure''u! prus d . In ;
this article fall justice is donfe to the tvocoi- '
tending armies, and it y esents the Southern ,
caue in the most hopfiil and chferin r.spect.
Tne towering tribute it pays to our glorious :
old Leader, lii'u. Bee, is 03 more .glowing ;
than tru'hful, whose name will gu down to
history as tho greatest General in. every re- ;
spect, thaf the worla has ever known. The
namc'iiof K rer: E. Lek, the great Captain,
and Jefferson Davis, the man who has con
ducted this jTEantic revelation with such 1
niiusterly ski!; and succe-s, will be handetl '
down to posterity as the most remarkable and ,
trans -enjaat that the nicbteenth century has '
prcxiuced. In losing Gen. McPhcrson, Gen. Shermau
has lost his best ofticer, and it is doubtful
whether rliere remains in the army of Tennes- j
fee a cvimmamder who is capable of ad quate- j
y filling bis pUee.
From the Petersburg Express ef Monday.
From tkt Petcrsbarg Front.
SPRINGING A MINE.
Fi.r fCTeral days past, pris")ner3 and deser
ters have: staled Jhut the fnerny -was mining,
nrj'i our officers and men hve been convinced
that t!i statcTr:eot was correct, but whpther
apprised of the exsct locality at which the
enmy was conducting .his mining operfttions.
w hvve no means of acertaiuins. All doubts
on this point, however, if any exis'ed, were
renov.d Saturday last at an -early hour.
About 4 J o'clock, a dull, heavy tonnd w-ss
henrd, and this was followed by several other
similar sounds, the enemy at the same time
opening with their butteries !l along ihtir
lic.es.
It wasathen disovcrrd that the enemy lud
sprun.sj a rW'.'ic ou one of our sa'ientsi. ivwr tiie
centre of the lines, and a few hundred yards
beyond ?he Bland ford Cemetery.
As soon as the nature of the disaster was
roado known, Gen. UiH dejjpatcht-d a cuiner
i h'U. Mahoi.es Headquarters, riT.d that
viilmi o nicer m ved off immedi,-iy a tin:
head of his own Brigade, with iustrijciio.is
for rtaunderh (Ala ) Brigade, and Wriyht'a
(Gf ( reiaj to foUoV.
Atrivins up-'n the ground, Gen. Mah )::e
f nud t'V' lve of ti.e enemy's fias waving ouon
the 1 a mparts of that portion of uir line, cir
ritd by the ex oh si u, a;?d the wh io vicinity
jwarininj: with while ;ii:d black Yanke-i-ttoop.
Gouir.tr his troops into 'position, Gen. Ma
hone ordt i'd his Brigade to retake a portion
ot .his works, at d instructed Wright's Brigade
to come up in such position as would ensure
the re-cap) ure of the rcir ainin p. 1 tion. Un
dtr command ot Co!. Wei-it r, i' tin;
gadicr, Mtil'-.m.-'s BriaCe lormed . 'inlu line,
and were abuiit to move up, w hrk the cof iny
sal ied cut, at:d ma'e a i harjje. The ( u
J'gderat cs ruerved their fire. u-tii tley t inhi
see the whites of the e::emv?s eye?, w hen they
poured itoo them s;:ch a storm of bu'de'.s. that;
the enemy rec-iird and foil back iu c .u fusion.
Aiarey was now oidercd, and Weisjei rs
men dahri: forward with a yed, driving ihe
enemy up t and over the breastworks. On
the works" on i rnea halted,' and deUvrt-.i a
'jiluuLong fire, which pr'wd so rie. tt ucti ve
thatthe eii?mv "never I'am
ia::i
oU
iu
a:
lOla
jfl-.rtiou of the line, ha (tit our met
dis'uroeo p-.sfeioi. -
In the meantime, Wright's Br'.uude c;'rn
manded by Col. Hall, int: ad r f c -miug direct
ly up, by s05tf means tie pi-.: veil, ;o.i came
a o:: nd, at;d thns failed to retake that portion
of tiie iic.e assfgr-ftd toihcin. "
Ar a htter h- ur, Wilcox's eld bti-iade, row
ably eemitnande' by the young and intrepid
Satmders, came galianlly up l their work,
and by a charge, drove the -ncmy iV:mi the
remaining'poriion of ti.e wi-rks, and thus ei;
abred us to rc-cstabiish 'our lines, prccisuiy us
thev wee before the ex pi- si-.n.
Tr.c e' cir.y finding creat e imp -sih! ,
rtisoed satly ioto the iriimi-:-" h"Ic or ch.sm,
by their txnhion, arid' around thf eija d
tiris jjreat t-sin our men closed ;o.d A-tirt
har.d to h:n d. This v-.- tl.uc ch;cf ly M-i
h'-nt's old .biigadc, at:d S.ndeis' Alas atna
iumi. Here the slauglitrr f.n teniilc, and
he: t- too, many a gallaiit Confederate fell to
.rise no more. As an evi 'en:-e l ihedrs--,e.
rate nature of the eon Jest aroiu.d ar;d in tid
chasm, we voii'd stat ", th.t Getcrni Sanders'
men, aftex retnovir'g a large number of voun-
eh-d. buried in the ho'c on S-tturd'-.v
! 1 ' I -
Gf yank.e negro tro : t ti ITM whites
At a late hour So-on'siy cve .mg. we v
led. ile cluu-u: cjiU.-'-d b the et. -inyV ( x ph.
?jn. I; nj t rared -o be ubau.40 f.t in depth,
epd s. to
2''?0 feet in citcuiun rente, an:
femblcil mere "what one would imagit c to hae
bt-n the clj'ect? f a terrible cart hqunk th.u
ant thing eUc to which we could fik' : ?:t.
Imn-ense bouidwrs enrfh were piled op
nidedy above the other, and great fr.xi.-m-i ts
in- born b-proof.-. gu carriages, liud t r.-. U,
wire 1; ing j roiriis'aious'y in every di.cii o.
0;-e n.'an v. pnugbt bet wc-n two b...iildfr;,
ncur tio- surface o! the grU'id, aod literty
crushed b: twie n ihem. Mc ?-t:'5 rs :na:r;:d in
this lusifooi p.ftt:0il, wi'l oiily his he-ul ,'.'; d
t : -vis use, i
tim.? u rx'ri.rni'1.
r eo not havita-
' i
III.)
f'."-a-n
v-asj
him. Life h.-vii )
t lit
1 1
Vi..
Iw-kb'g fa-.:
c,tmnrktd by a m r.'t', n 1 tha .head p-r-fc'-t,
hut siiuht'y reclining on tl; shoulder.
The si leS :;nd l.a.ltoii; of the tda-U!. wvre
litt'raHy li-ed with y..rikee, dead ad the
bodies lay in every conceivable po-i:i-.'D. In
one spot we noticed a corp". rl of in Ian try, a
sergeant of artillery, and a rig, 'burly n'-siro,
piled one upon the t-p of the oiotr. 'Son;e
iiad evidently been killed with tiie buf of
muskets, ;.s th ir ivushed skulls ar.d badly
iio'..-hed fr.ces 'u'O pldniy indieattnl, w.h:!e
he gtta'er potlioii were siiot. r?"Ht pools (f
bh.a having fiV-vvd frm their wuads and
i -d t c g- o'.'od.
B.?twe-ti cur breastworks and the enemy's,
laree numbers of dead and w. untied were still
T vi -g, tie latter leggiio: p'rcously for water,
and praying to be cjrul ioi Our men c u!d"
not relit ve then
i.s tney were m
foil
rai'.o ot.rhe em. toy's sharpshooters, who had
not ceased their tiring, 'even ui.de-r such ap
palling circarnsranees as :h have described.
The length i.f the '--afi" ni'ide by the tne
my, is supf-oS'-d to ? ae been at'out fjOO fvet,
but the work is t. t ho grejt, as man' unac
quainted with- the 'appliauees ued for sue i
parpeses, wonhi suj.posc. Immense aug rs,
made esja'cialiy for such occ si--ns. are brought
into requisition, and by this means, we are in
formed, ;i vast (fl of wotk can be ueCom
p'ihed in a short xpace of time. Just where
the mine was sprung an1 ttie exph-ion t-c-curretl,
the ?ai th is formed t f a a haid s-uh-sfstn'
e. such as is gecera'ly known 'prtie
ciay'and this a counts tor the great boutders
of enrth which were rent sounder aud upturn
ed, by the force of the expolsion.
The laborsnf the enemy in tins operation
have been poorly repaid. It is not to be de
nied, that by the sudden and terrible nature
of the explosion he produced a temp try con
tusion in our rat k.. Wuh a little more e: er
gy he might probably hav poured such a
c lutnn through tnis breich, as to have given
us Vi-ry serious trouble. But the very timely
arrival of Otn. Mahouc, and the quick per
ception of hi3 military mind, soon placed ir
gallant boys in position, aad retrieved the dij
attcr. 'l"ne enemy's lcsses from all causes are esti
mated at 3,500 men. We have over 1,1 0Q
prisoners iu our possession, 14 battle rUgs,
and upwards of 2.000 stands of nali anus.
We took no cannon, because the clcuit
brought none with them. The four pieces
captured by the, explosion, attached to Pe
gram's Battery, were a'terwards dug up from
ll.e rubbish tirdnjured.
Our entire bass is ascertained to be about
800.
The officers and men, white -and black,
have been confined together. They have en
gaged in this unjust and unprovoked war,
aud fight side by side, aud our authorities
w;ll not be so-cruel a- to separate such bosom
atd deeply sympathizing friends ia their cap
tivity.
The Federal Campaign in 1864-
From the Montreal Telegraph-
So far the Federal campaign of 18G4 has
failed more completely than at y of its prede-
1 cessor?, ine various movements nave oeeu
i 8'juj' iciitly developed to enable us to speak
! positively of the general plan ; the design was
! of m .j,Mn.ricent proportions, the forces and ma-
1 terial employed immense; the results have
! been many disstej-s, numerous repulses, .
j frightful waste of life and treasure, and not
i a single victory.
! The gra;id objective point of the design was
the isolation and capture of Richmond. The
j operations in theS u hwest were designed to
i as list this object. Banks in Northern Louisi
ana and. Smith in Southern Arkansas were
! direct 1 to clear the right back of the Missia
; fippi by an advancw wit) forces supposed to
! ! e sufficient to defeat the C.-n federates in
! ttMtse States, destroy them or drive them into
j Texas; thus leaving the Father of Waters
free, and preventing- any co-opcratiort bftween
i the enemy east ard west of the Miss;ssippi.
! Liter a smalt force was to issue from Vicks
j burg aad" march toward Set ma, threatening
I "the Co.n federate A' my in Georgia under John-
st'n iu the rear; 8 her man with the main
i We:-rern Army was to hrr-ak up at Chattanoo-
ga. a:.d move rapidly toward Atlanta, in the
j hope of defeating Johnston, .and capturing
j ihjit imp. itaot-arsenal and depot, or at least
; prevcnUng any re-inforcements lwing . sent
I from that quarter to Lee; while Snrgi.i was
to move from Memphis toward Chattanooga,
covering oner man s com n. urn cation uo pre
venting anv (hing'Tcus interrut!ion of his
supplies. Northward through Tennessee and
Kentucky the railways were gu ried by large
b oil ics of "Western Militia caned our, for a
! hundred da ya' service. The forces employed
in the.-e operations Lumbered fully 250.O00
I ti e;' of 'whom one-haif were under Suer
j man s lmnu-diatp. commar.a.
I At !:e he onni.-.g of May. Grant proposed
! to break up :t Culpeper where be hiy a b-w
miles riortii of Lee. more rap.dly oy lus h;lr,
east ami south to the Junction of the Fred-J
' ericksburnr ?i d Jlichtuond. and Virginia
: O
t CeutraS IbdlwavS. thus got ting berween Lee
! and Iiicb'.n'oud, and threatening that city
iT'-m the nothewest. while S'.gei Was to ad-
S vance down
S!io;ifii:do ah, and w'th 'he
co e.'perato n of Co-ks and Avoriii. htroy
I .en's C'.mmuiih"ati.s.' with Western Viiginia
aud 'IVuuvsce, captnrs Lynchburg and the
FTTvplies gathered tfiere, and to break up the
radw:oy lines weft- of Blchmond. Simulta-
nrouiy Culler a-d Snnsh were tr aseeru "the
i t . i .. :, u
i jann-s rier, uix-ruv ito i ui
UV-bU'-g iUJl! V::V,
i capture-that city, break up the. Danville and
I Biciiinond line and isolate and threaten the
j Confederate Capj-al from the South. "The
best laid sehsmcs of -jm-ce and men gang oft
i agiee." I t the- Wcsr, Shenoan, by tlirt of
i numbers, made rcspt-c'.able progresn ; John-
: sion comnt
l hi:. i, howe.er, to 'pay deanv
for
everv mile of adyancc, iigiiting hint
wiureva-r tne grooroi whs
vorabV
ii.flit-t-
ing ioiroenso h es on him at
trifiit g c-.ft't :
deiterously
tvaiiiuir all bi flu.kiiig
niove-
Resaca
tn. uis; thrashing nmi iaaudstriuiy at
aud Du)Ias, and .finally bringing him to a
sUr.d-stti! north of Marietta, vtfiere t ire two
armif-s now confrot;t each other, Johnston
offering batte? and Sherman seeking to avoid
it -
Too eo-ooWalin;: exf.edidorjs in this quar
ter h-.ve nil niHcarrh. In the Trans-Mis-
:is.d;ui ti:trict Batiks aud Smith were
de-
-'e ated wuii fuovotous losy in men, gnus and
materials 13.000 p-ison- rs, 27 nrmed, and
tr.j.!tj. o t etearoers. oo g:;ns, and over 000
W'-or.s ' ere am-tig the trophies of the vic
tories in tr.is eamoalgu. Th
political re-
s-dfs were, the ree.viry by the Confederates
of -tne whr.1 of the Spates of Texas, Arkan
sas and L-v.isiana, ezo-pt New Orleaus,
Littlo ib-ek nnd a f .w. ganisontal t rts.
Ti
e expedition which, went, out frttn Vick's-
burg tet'ulsed and driven back : that
which issurd fiom Memphis was decisively
dr tVa;' 1, wiih the hvs of more than half its
numbers, frd nearly all its aims, artillerv
and ma eritd. With
aa..d i.o:-ts th Co?:
t V.e pxecp'loti of a few
ederate have recovered
the wh ie of Mississippi, ar.d the river of that
nx.if s again mccKi'ueo ; commaeieanoM is
estahli- h.-d once mor between the two sec-
tiers . f the Confederacy, and men and sup
plies 'irejlv pst-s from one side to the other.
Morgan has made a successful raid into Ken
tucky, arid Forrest is moviog in force against
the Federal depots and lines ot communica
tion in ToHnessee, while Wheeler is effectually
stopping transportation between Sherman and
lus b;.s ot supplies and grand depM at Chaf-tnf-oga.
"
In the Fas; th campaign has been but
little more successful. Sigei was defeated.
t and Hunter, his successor, with his coadjutors
-has Hccorcplished nothing more than tea ing
up a tew u lies of railway, aud ravaging the
courrry thr ugh which they passed.
But er. and Smith v.'ete de'eated with heavy
lss. arid compel ied ta eutrenrh themselves at
Bermuda IT. n tired, undercover of the fire of
the gun- oats. Sheridan's raid, first to de
stroy the railway communications north of
.Richmond, ai d next to co-operate with Hun
ter, Crooks and Averill. failejl completely, ef
fecting little beyond the diminution of his
force to one-half, and the exhaustion of ihe
remainder. And this brings us to the opera- '
tions of the main Eastern army under Grant
aud Meade.
At the beginning of May the grand "army of
the Potomac lay around Culpeper; the army
of. Virginia, under Lee, was in the neighb' r
hood ot Ornnge Gmrt House, its left resting
i n that p'ace, ano its right extended eastward
toward Fiedericksburg watching the fords of
the Raptdan. the wagons of the whole force
packed, and the men ready to move at a mo
ment's notice to the threatened point. The
Federal f ree ui der Meade's command num
bers, as near as can be ascertained, 210,000'
men irre -pettive of Burnside's Corps, and
consisted of the First, Second, Third, Fifth
ai d Sixth Army Grps,'whieh had been Con
solidated into Uiree, called Second. Fifth and
Sixth ; the Second was Commanded by .Han
c ck, the Fifth by Warren, and the Sixth by
Sedgwick; Burnside had the Ninth to act as
a rterve. At daybreak oo the 4th of May,
Grant broke up at Culpeper, and marched
fcoutbeast fr Gerinatiia ar.d E'y's Fords,
. wnere poc toons baet been laid, and crossed
ihe Rapidan without ret-i-tanee ; Burnside re
! maining behind to cover the trains, add bv a
show ofjorce tm disguise the movemeot from
the enem- as luug as possible.
As soon as tire m-ivemnnt was pronounced
Lee moved east and by north to intercept the
Federals on the Spotsylvania road in column
of march. The Second" Corps under Han
cock having the advance on the morning of
the 5th. had got past the iutersectlou of the
two roads from Orange Court House on the
Spotsylvania" pike, by which the Confede
rates were, advancing, and was pushing rap
idly southward ; but the head of the Confede
rate columns came upon the flank of the follow
ing Federal corps now joined by. Burnside,
who hail marched all night, and threatened
to cnt the.ariny in two. Grant did not .know
rftt the advance copfcuteAof onlYafV-?
brigades, the dense jungle of the Wilderness
concealed and magnified number ; the Con--federates
attack'ed him with gro.at vigor, and
he believed that Lee and his whole army were
on bis flank. 'He hastily deterroitsed that his
scheme to get past Lte's It-ft flank, aud int
his rear, had failed, aud that the only courso
was to halt and give battle Hancock was
recalled, the trains hurried towird Chancbl
lorsviPe, and the line of battle formed west of
the r ad leading southward to Spotsylvania,
and on either side ef the two intersecting
roads from Orange Court House, by which
the Confederate were advanciug.
Thus' the Con feder it? advance, o ily tw.i di -visions
strong, found itself engage i w ith four
immensely stro.ug army corps of the enemy ;
in its hands was 'he safety of the whole army,
and if need be it must 'perish to a man to se
cure time? to concentrate. Nobly did they do
their duty ; with a persistence, heroism and
d-votiou never excelled, if ever cqtialleo iu
war, they, devoted themselves. Deploying the
chapprel, taking ad vant.ange of the cover of
timber on either side of the roads, they pre
pared to die. T;n Federals attacked in mas
sive columns, charying.up the road and across
the open glades ; the Confederates behind
thvir cover opposed a thin gray line, which
had'thc ground been open would have ben
swept away like chaff; but no'jv almost secure
from'" danger, that thin lire kept up a rolling
fiae, io bullets crashed through the dense ar
ray of the enemy, searching it from ria;ht to
left, from front to rear; shattered by a terrible
slaughter, impeded by their dead and wound
ed, again and again the Federal columns were
driven back in u'ter rout, leavjng the ground
absolutely piled with de d. But it is not our
intention to follow the far tunes of corps or the
surges of each individual comb it ; but to deal
with re.-uits. For two days the battle wged
with varying success, closing on tiie seou l
with decisive adwy.lage to the Confederates.
All the Federal auacks had been defeated, the
Co..federare army had one titrated, the artil
lery and biigiiage trains wore on the way to
Spotsyl vatiia ; the Federal attempt to turn
X,Vs fl, ink had failed snd iho fitter -satisfied
with such results, all he had been fighting
fur, proceeded to tik-; up a new position, cov
ftwng his communication with Richmond.
As this" movement was begun on the even-r;.
ing of the Gth, Cordon finding that his Hank
ovcrlapp-etl Grant's ielt, made a i'uri us at
ta; k upon it, drove it across the main r?.din
"titter rout, ar! bs ought tho Federal a. my to
tiie verge of ruin? (aertnania Ford road was
I-st, aial had tjic succes-; bee'i followed up,
Grant's defeat nt Wiidt-rnesa would have been
as comphite as Hook r s at Chanctlhrsviilc.
Bur, (lis Confederals ariav was a!rady its
rnaivh to Spottsy ! vauia, and could not ha re
called iii tiiriio take advantage of die even1.
The Frj.ltrais pised an unpleasant niwht :
their line of battle was' withdrawn and con
j cetitrated, and in the U"'-kness axe'aud sprtda
j were plied throwing up defences to b-reak t'ne
j assault they auticipaicd on the morrow. The
luornitjg broke, upon their trepidation, and
f mud them watching, digging and chopping;
all night long their trains had toiie1 toward
Fredeiicksburg, now 'looked to as place of
retreat; noon came, and still no attack a re
connois.auce waspusiud forwanl, and it was
found that the enemy had disappeareel.
Grant immediately telegraphed a deebdye
victory, the enemy muted and flying in every
direction, Hancock puisuiog, aid the un;il
Federal embellishments. Tnat night. Satur
day tlte 7th, the whole line followed on Lire's
tip.ck, leaving its dead tmburied, tiamsands of
its wournted nngathered. to die miserably in
the Wilelerness, and its fild 'hospitals to the
mercy of the foe. Six weeks afterward par-
rtiet were sent ou to reei ver the survivors of
one of the most cruel abandonments in the
history 'of warfare; some hundreds'' wound
ed succee jed in reaching the bank of the
Potomac an 1 attracting afeniion, but ninny
hundreds more p-erished slowly by the most
horrible of deaths, hunger, trt.-t,' and the
mortification' of wounds, is the glades at:d
junglesof the Wilderness. .
After a severe encounter ou Sunday the
8th. in fruit .'of Spotsylvania, in "which the
r if ill I'edeial Corps wos severely ptmisiied,
j both atmies aga-in confronted each other, the
C nfcdcTates facing north, ami the Federals
south. In the center was Spotty Ivuiiia,
through which wast and east ran the road
from Cathar pen to Bowling Green, south the
road to R chtuond ovsr the Po River to the
rear; in front looking 'north were the Brock,
Pine Grove and Fed'vricksburg roads, iriverg
ing from the left, center a'nd right of the
town ; across these roads covering the town
and the communications in the. rear was the
Confederate army strongly posted, and op
posed to them the font Federal corps d'armeV
forming the segment of a circle facing inward,
as the Confederates formed a' smaller semi
circle facing outward.
Lee wanted time for his wounded and trains
to retire on Richmond, and he fought to ob
tain it- S fi-r he had not lost a gun or a
wagon, and he had carried off all .fns wound
ed. Ilis killed, wounded aud missing, was
only 6,000; w hile the-enemy had been weak
ened by a los3 of over 45, 000; the disparity
b'd.og' occasioned by the dense co-umns tf the
Federals ch a rginrg over open ground, wUile .
the Confederate line fought nearly all the time
in the screen of a dense forest. . In the ha ties
in front of Spotsylvania the CorAderates r.?.d
the same and greater advantages; they were
posted ou hills, covered with timbet; the Fed
erals had to advance across clear ground, ex
poseel to the sweep of batteries firing point
blank into tbeit masses. Grant attacked on
the"10th, and fighting continue.! e,very nay
until the 19th; the only result favorable to tht
Federals was ihe assault of the centre on She
11th, with. a thousand prisoners, an advan
tage which was neutralized immediately by
the recapture of the ground lost; and the sur
prise of the right on Thursday morning under
cover of a dense fog, which cost the Confed
erates between tw-j and thr. e thousand men,
and eighteen guns. The ground lost necessi
tated a concentration; which iramediarely
look place. Having successful ly resisted
every attempt to force his position, and secur
edbis trains, on . the 19th, Lee, under cvr of
a furious as-ault on Grant's right, withdrew
acress the Po, and retired ttf North Anna.
Here he again halted and gave battle; for
three days Grant hurled his forces apou him
to be rolled back with terrible slaughter; then
be sickened ef bis pledge 4,to fight it out on
tHs line if it takes all Summer." Hitherto
Lee had succeeded iu keepiug open his com
munication south and west, and tyrant saw
that ifhe was to succeed iri pUnting himself
to the north of Richmond, and thus cutting
Lee off from if, he must fight-with the legs
instead of the arms of his boldjers. He had
been obliged b$ the loss of the Germauia Ford
road to abandon his base at Culpeper and es
tablish it at Fiedericksburs; his failure at
Spotsylvania threw him back from this on
Port Royal; and now he determined to cfet
loose from it, tfnd try a race for Richmond Vy
Hanover Town, with a new base at White
House above the confJunAcc of the Pamunkey
with YorkRiver. He moved, rapidly to the
pouth-eastbut the enemy had me shorter line.
v.
reuch the north of Richmond in this direction,
He found Lee in front of him, ready to give
batttle. In the meantime Smith has been
detached with the Eighteenth Corps from
Butler's command, and sent by water dwn
the James, and up the Yftk Kiver to White
Hous to re-enforce Grant, and the supplies
of the army followed. "
There whs severe fighting in th neighbor
hood of Bethesda Churchuntil the 80th, with-
toe general result that all the efforts of iho
Federals to h-rce their wav to the north of
1 l. 1 1 . . ." 1 A 3
avtcomuua wy MnaD;esniio wer. aeieateo;
and Grant again began moving south-east t
iiuu a mure vuinerauie poiui; ngntin again ar.
Coal Harbor fr the 3 1st, aud on the 1st nnd
21 of June, with no better success, the Fed
eral arniy having now reached Gaines's MilL
its line of battle crossingthe ground occopW
j bv Stonewall Jackson when he crumpled up
i McCkdhn. Oa the 81 of June the Confed
erates made a furious attack on the Fderal
right and center, the result of which w?" the
withdrawal of Grant s army to James River
on. the 14th, and the abandonment of the
White Ilause. Tne withdrawal was managed
with much skil', the Cnfed elates not pursu
ing, but guarding the bridges over tho Ch'ck
ahominy east of Richmond, and masting
their forces on the left bank of the James,
covering the city- from the southeast in anti
cipation that Grant would make for Malvern
Hill, with the cesiga of reaching Richmond
from that quarter. Had he done so. he would
have exposed himselt to a blow which cou'd
hardly have failed to he fatal. But the
Federal commander had no stomach for au
other fight wiih L-e on ground of that. Gen
eral's cheiosing, and heped to secure by surprise
in another field that uccvss which had cludt-d
?,im on this. The obj'-ct-of the campaigh, a
lodgement in force north of Richmond tfas
giveu up, for an attempt from tho south.
Tivops were moved rapidly across James Ri
ver, and as soul). as landed, marched at once
ou Pettr&burg, only garrisoned by a few com
panies of militia. Before the point of attack
was developed, and Lop cou'd. see re-enforce-mcn-s:
the outer line of tic lenses whs carried
with eighteen guns, fourteen of which were
re-captured che same day, but much of the
ground lost was not recovered. Simultane
ously with this attack. Butler sailed out of
his f ntreuchtnems. seiz-d and heizan t!eslrv-
j - W
ing the railway between lVtetsburg atnl
Richmond, b it was iulerrupted in his work,
de'eated and d raven back wim heavy loss.
On the morning of the lHlh Petersburg was in
the greatest d vnger; when the-suu went down
it was safe Beauregmud was there with all
ii ii ..... : . i
ms army, ano.i.ee was -m me r-gwi- oiu o(
the James, ms ictt resting ou hart Dar.inj,
! and his right on the Appomattox, his guns
commanding the rb.'ht finnk of tha- Federal
advances befue PctersV.urif.
j Tne attempts to take Petersburg by assault
j have been iv pu'.-ed w-ith great sl.ugher; the
Federals admitted up to Wednesday last a
I loss ef ten tt-.ovtsand men; their actnai loss is
probably d -uido that uumbr; nd if this cov
ers it, ii is the first time they have Pome eo
eiose to the truth. Of roccut o-rntioiis bw-
a
fore the city, we knw not'dnar more than that
they have r ulndnited in dinati after disaster,
the !atct beirig the repulse of an advame by
the left toward the Petersburg and We'.doi
Rail way with a loss according to their nwn
accotutts of five guns at d two thousand
pris ners. and- ih'i apparent abandonment of
tlres'-ege.
A new series of operations is announced on'
the left bank of the James River, the only
point et uutri d, aod Viy S'me' deemed ti,e
weakest; btit there is iitiie r ason to supp .s.i
tnat the enterprise of reducing Rn'kinr.ud
from thisquaiter will be. more successful than
those that preceded it.
So far', ws repeat, the campaign has failed
at a'l point.8; the Federal armies have been
buried to certain slaughter with a cold he.art
lesMicss worsethan eleviiish. X general ever
exhibited sogieat an indifi" rencp to the lives
of his s.ddie.s as Grant; r.o general ever
acnieveu as. hu k ov s.n ii .vKriu'.r. ji is 101
11 .1 .1? ! . A I
possible t say that his army has not foj'.ght
well, and endured all the ftanUhip.. danger
and labors of -tiK! eampaign with heroism and
docility. They were directed by a butcher,
and opposed by tiie greatest general ot this
or any other ae. Posterity wdll rank Gen.
Lee above Wellington or Napoleon, hc-five
Saxe or Tnrenne, above Marlborough or
Frederick, before Alxauder or Cai-iar. Careful
of the ltv3 of ids men, fertile iu resource, a
profound tactician, gifted with theswiU intui
tioii which enables acunvuauder to discern
the purpose of his enefii', and the power of
rapid combination woicii euables him t ep
pose to it a prompt resistance; modest, frugal,
self-denying, void of arrogance or telfatser
tion; trusting nothing ta chance;' among men
nle as the noblest, in tne lofty dignity of
the Christian geutlemit ; among patriots Jess
self-seeking, aud as pure as Washtugtoti; and
among soldiers combining . the religitms sini
plicity of liavtdotk wiih the geninsof Najo
leon, the heroism ef B-ivardand Sydney, and
the untiring, never faltering duty of Welling
ton. Ifthisoreat roldier had at hist command
the forces and material against which he is
called on to contend, the superiority ou l;nd
and the supremacy on water, in hx months
the whole Feder.il States would b prostrate
at'his feet. As it is, he has made his own
name, and tht ef the Confederacy lie serves,
immortal.
In estimating the lunr.i prospects of the
carnpaigD,it must be borne tri ml u d that the
Federal army is being rapidly reduced in
i numbers, lis losses in irL,iuia siffce the 4th
of May canwot be estimated at less than one
hundred thousand; it is being also reduced
by the return of three years ami two yeas
men, whose terms ared tly expiring. By this
means over fifty thousand men will be wii'n-
f drawu from the Army of the Potomac alone
-rbefore "the close of next month, and these are
the best troops in it. The term of the one
hundred days men expires also' during next'
mouth. The Army of the Potomfc, wnih at
the eomme'ncement of May numlered with iis
co-operating corps ia Virginia, over 300.000
meu.'is uow less than 200. 0J0. The redac
tion of the Confederate force has certainly not
bfcpn more than a Icairth of this. General
Sherman's loss in Georgia ha also been ex-
i cessively heavy. For ihe next three months
the climate will fight against the Federals;
already in Virginia the Northern troops are
suffering severely from this cause, ha the at
tack on Richmond the hi pc of th co-operation
of the Federal llett appears to bavt been
abandoned; vessels are sunk across the stream
below Fort Darling, which equally prevent the
descent of ih Confederate raws, and the as
crnt. bf t.h F-drul annh.ia.ts.
On the whole, the situation of the Confed
crates is more hopeful than at any previousT
period of the struggle. I hey Lever were
stronger in ,ueo and material; the gloom of
previous disaster has been dispelled by loeg
uninterrupted success in every quarter. To
restore their strength, the Federals must soon
j resort to another conscription, a dngerous
! experiment at ihia time, which may fall, and.
GOOD iEWSr GOOD HEWS"
NEW BOOKS !
OUR OWN PUBLICATIONS.
Johnson's Common Sehoo Arithmetic,
The Dixie ElemenUrv Spelling Hook.
The Jack Morgan Sn'nyg'er. ($30 per 100)
Lore and Libeity Son; ($40. per 100)
The abore books are just from the press.
Primary Geography,
-York's English Grammar,
First Book in Composition, br L Branson.
$3 oO
3 00
1 00
76
2 00
2 00
2 0
I SO
' 25
50
m
A
.Mwren and L,ndl 5v Kr w MaD
t Dixie Prbn?r Pictorial, third edition
inn nims, ov ineo ll mil.
; run uixie ieauer, ny ai h Moore,
.Myrne leaves, br Ker A W Mnngnm, 2 00
jSif" The above books are void at one-third oft'
to the trade.
OTHJIR BOOKS ON HAND.
MISCELLANEOUS BOOKS.
Huntcn's Piano Forte Instractor,
Lander's Arithmetic,
Bingham's Litia Grammar,
Wesleyan CatccMai So. 1,
Wesleyan Catechism, No. 2,
bansddl' Catech
Camp and Field, bv Dr Joseph Cross,
Life oi Stonewall jarkson,
The V.r n. 1 its H -roes. Illustrate,
Southern' Model Letter Writer,
Rival Adadni-trati ns. E H Pollard,
Scriptural Views of National Trials,
Uotnantic lastges ia S. Y. llistorj-,
Diary of the W-ir,
The Seige of Vickshurg,
The Sunday School Bell,
The Sabbath School Wreath,
Plowing and Ditching, -
Fun far the C-imp,
Tec Cntnp Jester,
Seeley's Dic.mrses,
Dr. D-ems' Snuons,
Miral and Koligiis Anecdotes. 8roU ,
l'he Age A New Monthly,
Southern Literary .Misnger,
Stonewall Jaek?on' Portrait,
Dr. Deems' Port rut,
G rote's 41 istorv of Greece, in 12 toIs.
3 no
2 00
4 00
25
7i
75
3 00
5 f0
3 60
i m
1 oo
3 G )
C oO
3 00
2 50
fill
75
1 25
1 50
1 00
3 fiO
J Mi
12 00
J 5t
- 50
1 10
1 75
125 00
85 00
7 00
6 50
rsancrort mstory United rstati?. 7 vol?..
Abbot's Illustrated Histories, each
Second Yer of the War,
Mountain Violet, bv llev T M Baker,
A Few Chetnuti for the Childitn, bv Uncle
Charles",
A Sunday School in Every Church,by Rev
1 50
1 50
j Words of Comfort, by H F JJuckner,
i l.obtLrt Cushmaa r the Rival Station
4
1 25
2"U0
m
It
I
1 00
1 oo
60
ntd.
The Little Preacher, bv Uncle. Charts,
Life of T C Wiiuborlv, by Undo Charles.
Soldier Boy S-mgster,
Stonewall Songster,"
Cotton Field .Melodies,
MILITARY BOOKS.
Napoleon's Maxims' of War,
1 25
1 25
1 25
C 00
C 00
1 50
hayowt Exvi aild Skirmish Drill,
Volunteei's Field and Camp Book.
General Orders,
Warren's Surgery.
School of the Guides,
NOVELS.
Macaria. bv Mies Krans, 5
Master William Mitten, by Judge Longstreet, 5
Duncan Adair, or Captured ia foenping, 1
Ladv Audi's S.-cret, b' M ii Hrnddon, t
00
00
25
00
rv
Kouertana uaroia, uy ii t Uoulding,
Kleaior's Victorv,
Ls Miserablcs Faotine,
" St. D-ni.
" Jan Valjee,
Raids and Itomanef of Morgan ar.d Men,
Field and Fire-i )- Vrt-Ictte.
Silas Marner, be Mis Ivac..
a 00
5 CO
a 00
.1 00
3 s0
t' 50
2 00
The Uattle of tne.Haid.i ' 3 o()
ftSf Th'c 'nrJ'ring bev.ks to be sent per
mail must it-mil 10 ivrts rx'ra u the dollar
to nay ii.vtage. BARN SOX A FA Hit A II.
'j'ily M31 R-fleigh, N. C.
STATE OF .NORTH CAUCM.IA.
Ashe Couxtt.
Supnicr Court tf Law, Srinj Term 1804.
John C Plu miner
Uafph Hlevins
Original Attachment.
It appearing to the satie'.ietion nftho Court that
the dvfendant Ralph Ulevins U not withia the
jurisdiction of thi Curt : ft i ordered that pub
lication be made in the weekly Cflrrate for sir
weeks, commanding the said dfendant to be and
appear at th next term of the Superior Court of
aw tO be held for th. dmnlv r.f l . . I...
- touri uouse 111 .;euerson, on ihe. 4th Mondav after
. ll tkt. 1 1 - . . .
the 4th Monday ir. August n xt, then and there
to. plead and replevy in the aid cause, otherwho
I n d judgement will be rendered arainst him.
Witness K. t;. Hartlette Clerk td'.ur said Comt
at .ilice th- 4'h Moadav ftcr the 4rh M ndv ia
February, LvM. K. C. If AitTLUT U, C. S. C.
June 23 wit
STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA,
i'nr Cocsit.
Court of Pleas and Quarter Sessions May
Term, 1804.
Henry Shcppard. Adni'r of
1
Jos. A. VVil.iaius, dec d
vs.
Petition to divide
Slaves.
Ditrjbuters of )
Jos. A. Willjami, deceased. J
TT APHF.ARLVf TO TIIK SATISFACTION
A tf the Court, that K. K. Foreman and wife,
defendants in this case, are- nwa-resideot of tbia
State: It is ordered by thy Court, that publica
tion be made for t-ir weeks in the Confederate,
notifying the said defendants of tire filinff of this
petition, to appear and answer, Ac, at the next
Term of this Court, dr judgment pro ceo will
be granted again?t them.
GEO. A. DAXCET, C. C. C.
jane 8-13 -w6t
STATE UP X0KTH CAUOLIXA, BURKE
COUNTY.
Court or Pleas and Quarter Sxssioxs,
Jvlt Txrm, 18G4.
Sarah Fisher,
r.
Perkins Johnson a&d wife Elizabeth, George
Fir-her, James Jam- s and wife Sarah, Heir at.
Law of Thouias FtMi-r. dee'd.
I'etitiin fr Dotcer,
1 T 'appearing to th?4ti"factbn of th C urr, that
that Perkins Jobr:$on and wife Flizabeth, Gvorgs
Fisher, Jau.es Janus aud wife Sarnb, are non
residents of tractate : it is ordered, that publi
cation be made iu tbe Weekly Coalederate far
successive wedts, r.otifyijnf said parties gersooally
to appear at the Court Rouse ia Morgantori, m
the let Monday after the 4tU Monday in Sptm
bir next, thm and there to plead, answer or de
mur to saii petition; otherwise judgment pro
confeo will be entered as to them.
WitnessJ. Kineaid, Clerk of said Couit, at
ollice in Morg.mtoii, the 1st Monday after the 4th
Monday ia June, A. D. 1864.
J. U. KLNCAID, C. C. C.
july 26-wGw Vv
COMMITTED
TOTIIE JAIL OE WAKE COUNTY, AS A
runaway, on the 5th of May, a Qeirro wo.
man, who says her nuuio is SALLY BRYANT,
and that she was raised in Jones county, by Jo.
Finch. She had on when committed a red cot
ton drees. She is about 25ears to,d 6 ft 2 inch
es high, slender, cobtr black, two upper frout
teeth out, and "rather slow vpokrn.' The owner
of said negro is cequestftd to come forward, prove
property, pay charges and take ber away cr ah
will be dealt with as the law directs.
W. H. HIGH, Sheriff.
92-dltlwtf
- Trinity College.
rpiIE next session wilt commence on tfce 7th of
JL September next. Tuition front eight to tea
dollars er month, t'n advance. Board, ae bua-
fdred dollars per moatb, pavable wnthly, in ad
vance ; or, about eight dollars per koontn, ti paui
in provisions at peace prices. Thtre are tin all
extra charges for wash isir aad. room rent. Stu-
I denta are requested to brirg all the text-books
W Am... . I a
iurj war ue boiq to procure.
nr an n i mi