THE CONFEDERATE.
WEDNESDAY, April 21, 1801.
Mr. Stephens' Speech Contlnrrtd
Mr. Holden issgaged in using Mr. Stephens
re;h for political capital in North Carolina ;
ti'nA this devolves upon us the necessity of
commenting on it. The enquiry forces itstlf
on every mind why itr. Stephens, instead of
inking this unfair attack upon the Govern
ment, of which fee is an important functionary,
lid not attend the session of Gmgress, and
influence by his counsel and presence a wiser
nud inciter legislation? IBs answer is, that
was prostrated upon a Mrk bed and Cot
jible to do so. Then it would have more
accrdd with tha official dLnify and pro
priety of the Vice President, to wait until in
a proper forum he could gue hi influence to
a modification or repeal of the obnoxious
incisures. And the distinguished personal
att rihutt-s of Mr. Stephens will not shield him
fr .in j i-it imputition for thus thrusting his
j i!-im.!s .iti! dis : Mit'Tits up o the country,
v sivor rn re of fact! i opposition, than
s ;ind, wi an l patriotic smu'moh.
W.- prop .io t takj up Mr. S i-phens' review
vf In-j hi'f.'a corpus a?t :
By Lis o mi showing, lie -'niu'ntly unfit
t ciiti the iiieity -or jo priety of this
nit-.tsnr.' ; fr he says : I w is not in Rich
mond whjn tin -act passed; I heard none of
th diciiss; !)-, and knew nne of ths reasons
;t- fr-io 1. ri'her by tho P. esident in aking if,
r tit-; m.n:iIk'i r S-.:nat'rs who voted f ir it'
').v, if i!i I'ro-i Irnt were advisrd of theim
n.r li ite nt c--.-sii- '! ii r I li i g and putting in
ti.i sr-rv;..v a tnaN ri u ino-n-se of force; that
t!" e:'"!'!xy wLi-th d -ni i.. 1 -d this was no
U- ll tii til-- p!i-i rv,i;i-.ij of the national cip
i'al.ti.e uvi.ivi and .t"reof the Government,
a. id t!: t utoi'-: i:n;.i tai.t e ;f the j ition :
If he wi-ru fuither advised that to in ike lids
tn it ri il iiior.tst.? of frcoit would bo neces
stry todra.v n;v:i t'y priticipikof substitutes,
promptly and .speedily : ll this advice came
from the war office, being the n-sultof consul
t.iri..u by the military chief:; f the army:
If his 1 aw alviser had emmm -iicatid to him
that the act to enforce thia inllifiry cervice was
lizht and '(institutional, but that individual
.Tu lgfs coui 1 control the question sufficiently
long before adjudications couhl be obtained by
Courts cf supreme jurisdiction, and thus that
the 1 iw could b thwarted, and the cause im
perilled : If the President were further advised,
thit the law so provided, that men nit liable
e?ul 1 not be taken, because appeal was given
to them from subordinate to superior officers,
who were men of integrity themselves liable to
riijHTvision : If Mr. Vice President Stephens
ha I Uno.vu that th President was thus advised,
and fr himself ould sea that some measure
'ti-o:rr r and above the ordinary legal resorts
vv i - i. 'cess iry, would he have seen in nil this
no em.'rg.ioy requiring extraordinary Action ?
if to this were addd tho maniftatrons of
a three agitation; in a State which wa in
y.i led, and ati important part of which was
o vtij i ll by the enemy ; which agitation, in
tortn, denounced the war, denounced it3
lurtlier contitKiauco, den )unced the Govern
ii ojr "al'ing it d-sp tic and tyrannical, and
.ui -ti.itioj; fr-ii itVm lnnrtsof trie people
wnL-h auitatio.i. in teran, p'op sd a Co:i
i'ntioa t) tvg-t:xte with tlij enemy, otits;d3
and irrep;jtive of the Government of ths
;i!V leraej: ; by which negtiation States
w.ro to be sunenderel to the foe, and terms
hort of independence taken: ' Which agita
tion, in term-, a-mounced the right of North
Carolina to secede from the Confederacy when
she should please, and threatrnd her purpose to
do s ? : Which agitation was headed by chiefs of
political parties, and high officers of the State,
whose connection with it alarmed the loyal
mind and threatened disturbance and blood-:-hed
: If tho President were informed of all
this, and more not yet published something
n 't yet h rn, yet in the womb, in embryo
?o nvtiiiug, qiti:k and instinct with life, only
attending the period of gestation to bo born
whL'h before August may be in tho world ; a
thin;; to look upon and recognize :
If the PaVulont vore informed of all this,
h:?s Mr. Stephens see nothing of emcrjjency
in it all, Jemanding remedial measures?
Mr. Stephens and Gov. lirown have shown
the last a culpable ignorance, the former a
most confused learning upon the subject of
h jCtis curjms suspensions in Kngland. With
no war, no invasion, without half, aye, a
tenth i f the just necessity tliat we have, the
Knglish Parliament, on the call of the Eng
lish sovereign, King, Regent and Queen, at
lio rent times, have passed suspension bills,
the leading men of Great Britain, as we stated
the other day, to whom we may now add
Lords Sid mouth, Liverpool, Montrose, Mr.
Wilberforce, Mr. Canning' and the celebrated
civilian Dr. Philliraorc, all having suppor
ted and advocated it.
Thus have the most virtuous, eminent, pa
triotic men of England, worshippers of her
constitution, at various pciiods established as
p. rccedents the suspension of the habeas cor
pus, as the preventer of national evil ; and in
all our reading we havo yet to find one in
stance where individual oppression resulted.
We shall go on and show the great error of
Mr. Stephens in his estimate of the habeas cor
pus in England and here; and we shall further
show how strictly guarded against injury to
citizens this act is.
Noticed by a Grand. Jury. At the late
Superior Court of Putnam county, the Grand
Jurors thus pay their respects to the Governor
in their general presentments; '
It is with sincere regret that we have ob
served, of late, apparent disposition, on the
part of the Executive of Georgia, to array the
State against the General Government. Having
full confidence in the integrity of the Confeder
ate authorities and regarding the late action of
Congress as fully justified by the necessities of.
the country, we feeransured that the present is
no time for division and discord.
M. Stephens' Speech Continued.
tn this State, the general desire for internal
tranquility during onr great struggle, prompted
a common acquiejeence, wit hout opposition, in
Gov. Vance's re-election ; who it is confessed
on all hands has made a good officer, except
that he has been a strict partizan yielding to
his conservative organization all the strength
of his official influence.
Mr. Holden cculd not find it in his heart
to permit thi sate of things to continue.
Hence he began to agitate for a Convention,
hoping that Gov. Vance would, as a loyal
citizen, oppose it, and thus he might " put
himself up for Governor." Gov. Vance did
oppose it ; the pretext was furnished ; and he,
has " put up ' himself in opposition to Goy.
Vance.
After he did so, he was at a loss for a plat
form ; more at & loss how to make an issue ;
and to such a desperate strait was he trriven,
that the Progress from time to time intimated
that he might withdraw (which, by-the-by,
would be the most sensible, as it certainly
would be the most patriotic act of his life.)
While he was in. this perplexity, Mr. Vice
President Stephens, emerging from his home,
ha made a speech ; which, being a disaffected
demonstration towards the Government, came
admirably adap'ed to Mr. Holden's wnts;
and nt once the im3ge is presented of Mr.
II olden clambering nn to Mr. Stephens' plat
form ; and Mr. Stephens, who has heretofore
J ever filled a post of dignity in the national
jeye, will from now till Augus', (unless some
thing intervenes) be presented as the associate
and Mentor of Mr. Holden and North Caro
lina agitation the lirst appearance of Mr. S.
in comedy. We are oblig'-d, thr f V2, still
further to comment on Mr. Stephen spe.eeh.
Like all others who have opposed ih Govern
ment in this war, not having themselves been in
immediate contact with the sufferings and
dangers it has imposed, Mr. Stephens has fallen
far below the gravity of the occasion. He him
self Las not acquired the impression, and is
therefore deficient in appreciation of the tran
scendent mortal struggle, for weal or woe, life
or death, which the nation is now making.
Thus unconscious, he addresses himself to the
discussion as though he were defeating before
some Court of Probate in upper Georgia, the
construction of a testament. But to his points :
First : He demands that the power of suspend
ing the privilege of the habeas corpus, which he
admits to be in Congress by. the implication de
rived from the clause of the constitution
The privilege of the writ of habeas corpus shall .
not be suspended, unless when in case3 of re
bellion or invasion the public safety may re
quire it;" should be controlled hy the ( other
clauses which are restrictive of tliTs power, and
which he claims subordinate this clause to the
restrictions they impose. These clauses are :
Firt, The right of the people to be secure in
"their persons, houses, papers and effects,
" against unreasonable searches, shall not be
" violated ; and no warrants shall issue but
"upon probable cause, supported by oath or
" affirmation, and particularly describing the
'placa to be searched and the persons o thing
44 to bj seized."
And second: "No person shall be depved
of life, liberty or property without due process
of law."
Mr. Stephens claims that these clauses sub
ordinate the former, and are t ba recog-
t nized in the exercise of the pwer which the.
former conveys : whereas the very revorse is
the truth. The clause of the constitution
vesting the power to suspend the writ of
habeas corpus, by such emphatic phraseology,
controls and subordinatss thesa other clauses,
inasmuch bs it is expressly intended to be an
extraordinary measure for extraordinary em
ergency ; while these other clauses relate to
ordinary times, to merely ordinary legal pro
cess, when neither 'rebellion nor invasion
jeopard the public safety.
Thus understood, they are intelligible and
there is no conflict ; but if the interpretation
of Mj. Stephens bs correct, then this extraordi
nary power conferred in the constitution on
Congress, amounts to nothing more than a.
mere refusal of bail.
Let us lok at it : A conspiracy is formed
to subvert the Government by aiding an in
vading enemy. Numbers of citizens are sus
pected ; the public safety is put in jeopardy ;
Congress has suspended the privilege of the
habeas corpus and given authority to tho
Government to arrest and detain. Vet, ac
cording to Mr. Stephen;?, before Govern
ment can act, a prosecutor must appear ; oath
must be made; probable cause shown; a
warrant from a Magistrate obtained ; and
after all this is done, the party is arrested and
then, for the first time, the operation of the
suspension is felt. In the language of Mr.
Stephens " The only effect is to deprive a
person, after being legally confined, of the
privilege of a discharge before trial by giving
bail."
If this be sound reasoning, our ancestors
employed themselves to very slight pur
pose in engrafting into the organic law the
power of suspending the habeas corpus : fir
by a simple enactment, that in times of in
vasion and rebellion, men arrested for crime
should not be admitted to bail, they would
have covered the whole case. Indeed, by
this construction, the exercise by CoDgress
of the power to suspend the habeas eorpus,
does nothing more than extend in oertain pe
riods the list of non-bailable offences ; and
inasmuch as felonies capital are already non
bailable, this imposing power, bestowed in
times of invasion or rebellion, would seem to
be aimed only at lighter felonies and misde
meanors. If Mr. Stephens does not shri .k
instinctively from the conclusion of his own
premises, then his mind is more under tho
influence of prejudice than we supposed.
But a very dangerous evil is hid under this
view of Mr. Stephens for by this, the effect
would be to enable Justices of the Peace
ordinary Magistrates ori any body's oatb, to
deprive the citizen of liberty, by imprison
ing' and refusing him bail. Whereas by
the proper construction of the constitu
tion, when in times of great national
peril it is necessary to anticipate and avert
evil by extraordinary process, the privilege
of the writ of habeas corpus is suspended,
and authority is vested in the head of the
Government to arrest and detain. The au
thority is thus given, because the evils to be
prevented are political evils State dangers
and the object is not to punish, but pre
vent ; to guard not only the nation, but to
save from self-destruction the misguided pea
pie themselves, by putting it out of their
power to work mischief.
The proper view of this question is to be
obtained from a stand point, whose elevation
Mr. Stephens has wholly failed to attain.
"The privilege of the writ of habeas corpus
shall not be suspended unless' fcc, implies
some inherent Government power, resident in
the sovereignty of the nation, which the con
stitution sought to restrict ; and by the user
of this " negative pregnant,1' a most logical
method of affirmation, it does not confer a
power, but only restricts its exercise to the
cas?s of invasion or rebellion imperiling the
public safety.
Thus considered, it " does (not) attempt to
deprive persons cf liberty without due process
of law;" for it creates in the order of the
President a process due to the extraordinary
necessity. It does not annul the " right of
the people to be secure in their persons against
unreasonable seizures," for it seizes the most
effective means to secure the people in the
midst of great peril.
It de3 not destroy any such bulwark Of
personal liberty as that " no warrants shall
issue but upon probable cause, supported by
oath or affirmation," for it legitimates the
order of the Government as a warrant of so
hijih a character that the causes of detention
shall not be shown against it, the peril to the
public safety being the emergency requiring
and justifying this extraordinary attribution.
Our view of the question will be sustained by
appeal to English analogy, which we shall
make in our next,
The Progress, receiving the cue from its
master, who'knows how to dictate to hia "bond
servant," isTiaving a perfect jubilation over
the circular of Messrs. Bragg, Bledsoe, and
others. We are content that they Bhould enjoy
the " hulla-baloo " they are endeavoring to
raise'over it for it can hurt nobody. .The fact
that the Confederate newspaper establishment is
the property of a joint-stock company, isvwell
known here and in many parts of the State.
No secret was ever made of it ; foMbe securing
of subscriptions to the stock of the company
was a street affair, where men favorable to the
enterprise were applied to for subscriptions.
And the Standard vn&JProgress have both been
cognizant of the fact from the first It is only
with the hope to make a little political capital,
that they are making this fuss over the circu
lar how obtained, if it was such a great secret,
is for them to say.
But is there anything criminal, wrong or
dangerous to the country, in the fact that the
Confederate belongs to a joint stok compa
ny ? If so, the North Carolina Christian Ad
vocate ,4he North Caroliua Presbyterian, the
Harbinger and Watchman at Greensboro', and
perhaps other papers in the State, must be
dangerous concerns also and trreir Editors
"bond-servants," bound to obey the behests
of their masters. Who believes either the
one or the other ? Nobody.
The great bluster of tho Standard and
Progress over this matter is sheer humbug,
deception, and is not worthy of serious notice.
Attention ! Girls and Boys !
We are requested to announce that Mr.
VV. R. Hunter "The Children's Friend"
will lecture to the Children of the city to-night
at o'clock in the lecture-Room of the Bap
tist church.
The public generally are invited to attend.
SP The children will ocf upy the front
seats.
The corresspondent of the London Times,
from New York, referring to the endorsement
the Yankee press was giving to the report that
Gov. Vance was not for secession, says, "Am
I dreaming, or did I hear a fortnight ago from
Gov. Vance, that he would rather fight for
twenty years than consent to anything but
full, final and irrevocable dissolution of the
Union ?" 1 his sent iment is yet his.
A writer in the newspapers, speaking of
Gent Kirby Smith says: "though appointed
from Florida, he is a native of Connecticut."
That is not what the Army Register say3 it
sets him down as born in Florida, and ap
pointed from Florida j so he is a lineal son of
the South,
Ex-Governor Alston, of South Carolina,
died on Thursday, last, the 7th instant, at his
plantation on the Pee Dee.
-
Fibe. We regret to larn. that Mr. Wiley
Morgan, Sr., in the eastern part of Rowan
county, lost his wheat house by fire on Thurs
day last, believed to be the work of an incen
diary. It is almost a ruinous loss, as it con
tained all his grain, tools, wagon and gear,
salf, flaxseed, &c., &c, estimated to be worth
at least $6,000.
Cookk's Brigade. Rev. Thad. L. Troy
will make bis next trip for Cooke's Brigade,
leaving Newton on the 27th inst., and Salis
bury on the 28 tb. He will promptly deliver
all packages left between those places and
Raleigh.
. ..
Henrv Clav naid the fotlnwintr rhaA and
beautiful tribute to the fair : 'Women are the
Corinthian pillars that adorn and support
society; the institutions that protect women
throw a shield also around children and,
when women and children are provided for,
mau must be secure in bis rights.
' L For the Confederated
Convention. .
We see by the p?pers that a great dral has
been said about the ConVentiou proposed to
bs held in North Carolina, for what purpose
we over this way (east of the Chowan river)
cannot- clearly conceive, unless it is for the
purpose of preparing the way. for reconstruct
ing that Union from which .a Convention was
called for seceding from inr 1861.
In all the communications upon the subject,
it is clearly manifest that though there may
exist in some parts of the State people who
advocate such a measure, yet the general tone
of the people condemn it, at least there are
several able pens opposing it with arguments
and a candor that we think will diminish tho
fever in a measure, and in connection with the
efforts of Gov. Vance effectually "dead aud
bury it forever."
It has been remarked that the sentiment has
gained ground in this part of the State, and is
thought to be rapidly spreading itself amongst
our people. It pains lis" to record .such re
marks. It seems indeed that all that is mean
and traitorous and vile is charged upon the
people in the first Congressional district. To
listen to the false epithets that are appJied to
us, one wonld think this people a mass of cor-'
ruption. Indeed, the opinion of us as ex
pressed in the other parts of the State reminds
one of tho "neuiTal ground" of the struggle
of '7G, where, Andre was captured, and which
was overrun by the "Cow Boys," "Donkers"
aud others, the vilest characters of the then
smuggling colonies. We seem to be looked
upon as traders and sympathizers with our
enemies; Unicn-toving, debased in all that
makes men true patriots and loyal citizens of
! our struggling country.
It is almost unnecessary for a pure and vir
tuous character to assert its innocence ot false
charges. Yet there have been so many false
and ridiculous charges against this patriotic
people, that we will notice this remark and
endeavor to convince erring people that they
mistake, in supposing- this people have any
sympathy with any such institution as a Con
vention to prepare the way to bow the knee
to' the Lincoln mis government. It is simply
absuid, in the first place, that water and oil
should mix. The nature of the two ingre
dients are so diametrically opposed, that you
may stir them together and they will not mix.
It is equally as absurd to suppose that people
who have lost their slaves and other property
and been subjected to the iudigni ies and in
sults enumerated in that patriotic address of
our Congress, can wish to treat with our ene
mies and desiro to mix with them again in
union, or join them in their horrible, cruel
and inhuman war upon our own friends a-.d
brothers,
It would be a sweeping assertion to declare
that there are none of this people Union in
sentiment, or that do not advocate or wish to
go-back to the old Union that there are none
who advocate Convention. It is natural to
refer to the times of 76. Let cue read the
history of that struggle for independence,- and
witness the conflicting sentiments the trai
torous designs whtch those patriots combat
ted aud conquered, and he will be struck with
the parrallel which our country has afforded
since this war begao. Eveu in the halls of
the continental Congress ; among the highest
in the land ; from the priva e soldier to t e
high officer; from the poor citizen to the
aiiftocratic child of wealth, there were sei.ti
mentB of disunion; acts of disloyalty to the
cause-treachery everywhere, and it seemed
at times that the cause of the mighty struggle
depended on that immortal man who ruled
the Crestinies of our country. Such has been
the case with our country and is even so now
over here. There are men who are Union,
and who would see our cause betrayed and
even given up would have us go back to a
Union with men with whom we have no
sympathy. But it must not be inferred that
ail who happen to be exposed to the aggres
sions of our enemies are actuated by such
feelings. That bacause a few voluntarily
take a detestable oath and trade with the
enemy that all are disloyal, that tho people as
mass are not sound on the question of rights
and liberty the cause of the South.
There are men of sound sense, good judg
ment and unsullied patriotism, and we ven
ture to assert that, taking the circumstances
in which we are placed, the influences that
havo been brought to bear upon us, the trou
bles and trials we have been subjected to for
this people have not only been warred upon
by the enemy, but what is prrhaps worse, have
to endure coldness and neglect and abuse and
slander from our friends, curses for our mis
fortunes ; and we believe it o be true that
this people, are as true and patriotic as some
parU of our state and perhaps more so. This
people we believe we can sately say, desire no
Convention if we understand them aright,
they hav had enough of Convention. That
they desire and pray for peace is undeniable;
and who does not want -peace? peace -on
honorable terms, a recognition of our rights ?
A sage of 76 exclaimed to the faint and croak
ing, "men cry peace, peace," and there is no
peace," and we never will have peace nay
do not desire peace, unless it is a guarrantee
of the peaceful enjoyment of our rights. What
can be gained by calling & Convention ? Do
we desire to withdraw from the South, go out
of the Confederacy and join Lincoln ? or is
it a step to try to be neutral ? Kentucky
tried neutrality, and we see her now held by
the bayonets of our enemy. We could not
form an independent State government. One
State cannot exist alone and unaided by the
rest of her sister States, and no oneSjlate, we
apprehend, has any desire to try it by herself.
"Why then should we have a Convention iu
North Carolina? We hear of no such move
ment in any other State of the South. It is
only in this state that any cause for a Conven
tion seems to exist. Our good old State has
sent forth her gallant sons, and many of her
bravest and best have bit the dust. She has
exerted herself to an extent that commands
the admiration of the South, and will com
mand that of the world. She has suffered
much and will continue to suffer. What then,
shall we cease to exert, call oar men from the
field, submit to a Convention the task of agi
tating and stirring up dissatisfaction, palsying
and unnerving the stroag arms and stout
hearts of those who are fighting for ns, con
fusing our government on whom we have
placed the responsibility of conducting this
war to a succesrful.determination, and render
abortive our attemps to maintain our rights f
Why do we reed a Convention just at this
timeT We had a Convention in '61. It was
called for the purpose of taking the State out
of the old Union and joining our sister States
of the South, with whom we are, identical in
interest and feeling. Iu act was the act of
the people in their supreme sovereign capacity.
There was then a necessity for a Convention. It
was necessary for the State to choose one sido
of the dilemma. She ehose it, and united her
destiny with that of the Confederate States.
Does any such necessity exist now ? We are
like wc have been for three years, encircled
by an enemy who was to crush ns in three
months; who has repudiated the - laws and
usages of enlightened, christian, chivalrous
warfare, and de&cended to the age of barbarism
and imitates the arrogance, inhumantly and
cruelty of the proselytes of Romish supersti
tion in tho "daik ages" Our -Government
perhaps, hits in some measure been entrusted
with powers that may not be exactly com
patible with the spirit of the Constitution.
That should be used with prudence and deli
cacy and only, in extreme and urgent cases.
The writ of habeas corpus, our bulwark of
liberty, only to be snspended "when in cases
of rebellion or invasion the public safety may
require it," has been suspended in certain
cases named in the bill. The wisdom of Con
gress has decided that the public safety re
quires it. Our President is entrusted in
many things'with arbitrary powers that in
peaceful times do not properly devolve upon
him.
Are these things done to brc.ik down our
cause? Are they not meant to sustain our
cause, to render more effective the means for
gaining our rights and liberty to build up,
rather than pulldown the . glorious fabric
reared upon the blood and sufferings of our
brave people ?
We S- understand it. According to their
national compact, no State has a right " to
enter into any treaty, alliance, or con federa
tion, "enter into any agreement or compact
wMth another State, or with a foreign power."
All theJ-powers are left to tho general Gov
ernmeut who are delegated and author
ized to make such treaties as will. conduce to
the general welfare and safety. And we are
very sure, that from the President down, the
task would be a hppy. one if th'-y could
make a treaty,. alike honorable to themselves,
our country aud posterity, and stop, this cruel
war.
'pi
There are candidates in the field fr guber
natorial honors. As we understand them,
one is a "conservative after the straitest
sect," and we should judge friendly to a Con
vention, VV.-VV. Holden Esq. Tnc other is
not an ultra either w.-.y, but is a patriotic
supporter of the cause of the South. Has
had enough of secession" aud sees no 'use
for the tervices of a Convention, our pres
ent energetic Executive. As we take it, this is
no time for party strife or political struggles.
We shall not attempt to discuss their fitness
or character. Both are well known through
out the Sutc.
Owe is a conservative "after the straitest
sect,'' and if we understand aright, that
means . not h ng more nor less than being
favorable to a Couvention- that shall use all
possible means to persuade the other States of
the Soutliby a united action, either to urge
upon the Confederate Government to nego
tiate with the enemv and offer terms of
peace ; or if the Confederate States Govern
ment will not take any action in the matter,
to act in their sovereignty, independent of it,
and offer to treat with Lincoln's Government
and endeavor to securu an honorable peace.
The question is, bow shall we secure an hon
orable peace ? The States as mere States,
have no right to negotiate with our enemies
for peace or to make a treaty, and while .we
are conservative enough to desire an Honora
ble peace, and know that we are fighting for
" State Rights, " wc also know that our
Government has tried to negotiate with tho
enemy, upon the establishment of the Provi
sional Government, and since, and have fail
ed ; aud we believe also, tint negotiation will
not eecure peace until our enemy cease fight
ing, and are willing to enter into ai honora
ble treaty with us and grant onr. rights.
Then and then only, do ve see any necessity
for negotiation when the enemy are ready
to giant our rights aud ate willing to stop this
war
Mr. Holden is a conservative after the
"stratcst sect, " we would not therefore take
him to be a strong Southern man. If we
have understood his course heretofore, he is
more favorable to a reconstruction of the old
Union? than to a patriotic support of the Con
federate States Government. And what docs
"reconstruction moan?" It is simply to
ask forgiveness for our past sins, to swallow
Lincoln's filthy dosos and become philauthr p
1st, emancipationist, abolitionist, and sub
scribe to the doctrines preached throughout
that unhappy land.
To be ni fact a conquered province instead
of a soverwn people ; have our lands confis
cated and our houses taken away and par
celed out to negroes and white mercenaries
the i"noblemen" of the north, as WendeM
Phillips calls them, who with muskets in
their hands shall carry out the exalted philan
thropy of his school and exterminate the
brave chivalrous race that have so gallantly
defended their hon6rs.and firesides for three
years. Do we want such protection as these
philanthropists would give us, that we should
desire to embrace the foul carcass of aboli
tionism ? Do we desire to swallow the nauseous
doctrines of Lincoln & Co. ? As Hazaael said
"are we dogs, that we should do these things?"
People, our own fellow-cjtizens, who know
any thing of the sufferiss and trials that
have been piled upon the unfortunate potriots
who havo been subjected to Yankeeprofecion,
would not talk of a Convention to reconstruct
the old Union, neither would they think tbis
people desirous of such a measure while there
was the least shadow of hope of independence.
And who is there among us who dare despair
when we have such a strong tower of strength
between us and our foe ? Our gallant army
is ready. We have our second Washington,
and though we have lost our "Stonewall"
and here, let all who read drop a tear te the
memory of the immortal hero who so nobly
and skillfully defended the cause he loved so
well, even unto death, we have still a host of
others who present a brilliant an ay of mili
tary talent and skill that challenge the admira
tion of the world.
We regret that our fellow-citizens think so
little of us as to think we sympathise with the
movement of a Convention.
It is undeniable, that there are men of all
classes among us. Circumstances have oper
ated upon us. The influences of the times have
affected many, otherwise worthy citizens. Bnt
the people are honest sons of the old State
which gave ns birth, and true patriots at heart
to the cause of Southern liberty. Can it ' be
supposed that the citizens of Norfolk, New
Orleans, Nashville, and other places in the
hands of the enemj are Union traitors, dis
loyal, perfectly corrupt, and Yankees, because
they are compelled, by the force ot circum
stances to take a detestable oath? Can you
not, fellow-citizens, cast the bread maStle of
your charity over these people, and believe them
true to their covatry ? Did Washington look
with coldness, and abuse and slander, on the
people of Boston, New York, Philadelphia and
Charleston, and denounce them as ' royalists "
and' traitors to cause of American Indepen
dence., because the circumstances of war placed
them in the hands of the enemy ? Why Char
leston, that new defies the whole power of onr
enemy, was in British hands until. the end of
the struggle of '76 'And are the people in and
around it, denounced and thovght to be ' royal
ists" for that reason ?'
I think we can safely assert, that if the people
within here, vote in Augnst for a Governor, the
vote will Kt be. for a platform that has Con
vention on it, or for a man who advocates it.
We have no use for the services of sneh a body,
and we sincerely hope, that if there should ever
b nv need for it aeain. that its duties mav be
' nrpseribed and its huninps mftn.nril K i -
I t - ili U
length of time rcqnired to transact it.
NO CONVENTION.
Army cws.
From Blackwater and Rklow. Tho
Petersburg Express of Tuesday, contains the
following account of the operations of Urn
enemy on their recent visit to prints below
tkat'eity:
By the arrival of the train on the N rfillc
and Petersburg Hail road from I vor last even
ing, we have reliable intclligenca, that nearh'
or quite all of the en.-my, who were m-irati-ding
about tho coun'ry between Sufi lk and
the Blackwater last Thursday, have returned
to Fortress M nroe. Their objects sems t i
have ..been very definitely explained in ojuj
particular. Theyst do and carried off every
thing of value, and what they r. uld u it cirry
off was broken to pieces and other a i-e destroy
ed They entered Suffolk howling like demons,
opened and searched private dwellings, de
stroyed furniture and stole cl .thing? The
workshops, but few in number, were broken
open, an fall tha tools destroyed.
At Smithfield, besides other depredation,
they broke into the residence of Mr. Fred.
Cowper, and stole the valuable library of his
brother, Leopold C. P. Cowper, who long since
deserted his country, and is now Lieutenaut
Governor of 'Virginia, under Pierpont's bogus
government. From Smithfield. a gentleman who
left tho, place since the Yankees departed, in
forms us, they carried off about one hundred
negroes.- He s:iya alo, that here they killed
and devoured all the fowls they had stolon iu
their march from Chuckatuck and .Cherry
Grove, and their camping ground looked as
though several feather beds had been emptied
thereon.
Th fight in Wren's field, rorrrd to in our
last, was continu.-d ..r four hours, and the
Yankees finally desisted frv.m any further
attempt to advance, and sought the protection
of their gunboats. They numbered between
400 and 500 men, and consisted of the iMrd
Ma'sj-achusetts, under tho command of Col.
Ellsworth, of Salem, Mass. Cnpt. C insey,
of the Scouts, Lieut. Woodsy and Mipr
iMilligin, id' the Sinoals (rpti, nil pivtici pa
ted. Serg't IJenuiss, of Capt. Moiso's 7th
Confederate Cavalry, w.ts wounded in tho
wrist, nr.d Capi. Charles Spruill, of North
Carolina, was taken prisoner. Wc killed some
5 or 0 of the enemy, and wounded some eigh
teen or twenty. Anions; the killed was an
j officer, supposed to belong to the Minnesota.
He was endeavoring to cross Pagan Creek in
a barge, for the purple of communicating
with Gen. Graham, fu'ti. G. complaine I
very much to the citizens of Smithfield, about
the ''bushwhackers'' who, he said, wore in
festing that section of country, and deeply
lamented the death of the officer wh was
killed in tho barge.
It is thought by gentlemen from the lower
country wtio came last evening, that Bum
side's expedition has not yet lett Amuppolis,
and that those parties were Rent out last week
only as' feelers, " to ascertain what Confede
rate lorce there was iu that section. In tho
meantime, they stole negroes and other valua
bles, only to keep their hands in, and to satis
fy their thriving propensities. These gentle
men think further, that it Burnsinde does c mo
up the Southside of Jamas Biver, ho wjll land
above the mouth of thf Appomattox Kiver;
probably at Bermuda Hundreds. This, how
ever, is mere conjecture, .and must ho received
as such only.
It may be a matter of some interest to men
tion, that the force at Smithtie'd Thursday,
consisted of the 24th Massachusetts, a Michi
gan and a Wisconsin regiment, and a New
Jersey Battery ; and that too 24th Massachu
setts was doing duty uot long since at Charles
ton, S. C.
In this connection wrj introluco the sub
joined letter from a correspondent fU Ivor,
which give some particulars of ' th recent
movements of the eueiny below.
Ivoxi, Virginia, April 18th, 1864.
Editors Erpmt: You have doubtless heard
many reports of the acts and doiugs of thecnemy
at Smithfield. I propose giving the facts, gather
ed from authentic sources.
Early on Thursday morning, Captain Causey
was informed by one of his pickets, that be
tween 300 and 500 Yankees were landing at
Burwell'8 Bay. The Captain and Lieut. Wood.
ly, soon mustered a small force of less than tO
men, and determined to make such resistance as
theij meagre numbers would allow.
A bkirmish ensued near Mr. Wren's house.
Our gallant little band was compelled to fall
back, but still disputing the ground with tho
"enemy's advance," unti II they reached Wren's
mill, which it seerrrs the enemy intended to
burn, but were prevented by the timely aid
of Capt. Causey. It was tho original plan of
the Yankees to prpceed to Smithfield, and at
the same time destroy Wilson's mill. They
were, however, so closely followed, and so
much annoyed by our men, as to necessitato
a change of programme, aud consequently
found themselves retreating towards the Rock
Wharf. I say ''retreating," because it is a
well established fact, that they came to a halt
near Mr. John Sinclair's house. Our men
advanced, fired on them, and killed one of
their number, when immediately, the advauco
of the column marched rapidly towards tho
wharf, their rear guard following at a "doidjle
quick." Arriving at the wharf, there they
remained until about 3 o'clock that night,
when the gunboats and transports took them
off to Old Point.
During the day, ten steamers gunboats and
transports passed up the creek to Smithfield,
and remained there (a part of them) until tho
following morning. A large number of troops
were landed there.
They pulled down fences, carried off negroes
and committed other depredations. The drugs
and medicines belongiogo Mr. Chalmers, were
thrown from his drug store into the street. Mr.
Samuel White, an aged citizen, lost all his ne
groes, with one exception. Early Friday morn
ing, all of them, departed for Old Point and
Newports News.
The houses of the citizens visited by the 23d
Massachusets Regiment, were not disturbed in
fact, the only robberies committed, were upon
negroes. I noticed a kitchen, in which lived an
old negro woman, completely sacked. Every
thing of any value was carried off, and spinning
wheels, etc., broken to pieces. This may seem
strange, bnt it is nevertheless true.
At Mr. Wrenn's, the negroes were badly
treated, and one or two watches owned by the
servants, were stolen This Regiment boast
ed of not interfering with ladies, and a Lieut,
told Mrs. Sinclair the ladies should cot bo dis
turbed. No negroes were carried off by the
men of this commend.
Too, much praise cannot be given to Capt.
Cansey and his brave band. Some 10 or 12
of the enemy were killed and wounded, among
the former, two officers, said to be a Major and
Lieutenant. Wc had one man wounded, and
one taken prisoner. We captured ope man.
Information from a reliable source, just re
ceived, confirms the report of serious injury to
the Minnesota by the torpedo boat. She is
not at Newports News, and is said to havo
been taken off for repair. 0seyxr.
i
. j