THE CONFEDERATE.
uKDN'ESDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1864.
Ta mouient the arm
ie of ihe C -ufader-
v fsUi disas'er, the popular ne-rc eeni
j . i. -
- U .n fr:1W rri jiinw rillll II I? ill 1 .
.4 eive up all fr lost. While the very
5 , . j- ... ' m,i 1
itself, whereui tke disaster arcurs.maia-
iry !'
i-.. co.idc. nnibu-J. a dull, -l.,2.-h
,.t rot of dfpmdney ..! o..- .11.
ir rear; aud except the few debased
.rtic.M who bide under a thiie'-r tkeir J
tisfaction at their country's defeat, one
sa
--wti uotkiag but a fixl gloe
Tho fall
tf l;'ucta is not a sa:ces at leatt to our
-tut Qsv, it t a refers, aud a very griev
ed raters;
but
D J
more brtrgs
fur
w;jTrtUU o. our uujc iuu m .... .
r,,i.l-,ar Fri D .ne!tofi. Nas'-iville, Nw
iys, Brown itilie, or Newirn. Oae '.f,jr (he peoji e of the Confederacy to decide, j
le rery m ;st important sac v.-s-s of tee km- wbrtijer this imaginary joy shall suffer a real:- !
. v aaa beea the Cip'.ur of Nr? wb;-n 1: ti-o. We Late 3 et tbgime ia our own handi j
iiLTer be-o apPr -iaul by ei.U?r - yet ttia dfSuuv in our ewu reach. L"3okabroal
lVct. llat v the ca.'u ..f Nf vrb.r j di-i 2 the tuwna. TilLig.s, country churches, :
fr 'ae CiiVI-racy. ti.ouji i: ia- aB,J -J "hat a retinue of available force j
. : . 1 . 1. i.u '
...I Si,-n Mf tlf Iretli?s: aai Uit
WJI...- -
woriuv of i' eitir-i a-id cituer.fsa-;?.
t t awtv fr.'Ji ti.i oir Cik, w.m we are
to ".iefe ere tbis. Uiidr-r fator f our
istrjductioa. uiy b a di'inaihei sister . (
lit loyal letgue of X York. a-d r.-.-p.
r!th kids a wlt'3 (it-n. J 'liu A 1) xV
rai bff hi- partner iu ni iiiV a lavorit iv.i;.ut.
S.e a raluIe, buxota w.,mia, ar.U if
,., should et up fir h r-e f ia Fifth A-tmit.
,n i she is natura'lj a a nart as Gta Dix
bst day ke eter we will stake ker
i aner attaiarnni ajjaibst heb!l s,id ly's'".
ef ;iJi all, if he can fied time nnu;k from
aer morning reepti-a to d. hr owa cosk-
lies phe is pe'fect. E !w trd Kv-ret never
rVoed klowQ silken oratory half k mjuc.i
i b would one cf her ' ploibicr." !
We hare brne up agiinst her loss ; arid w ,
iont see any r.ec-jisi' j forctvinj in at tkt fall
of Atlanta. Wkat U the fdl of Atlanta ?;
I: in 1 folly an ifali. At any point h-
twefo Dalton and t'aat place, there ra better j
f'hticg grtnd tsaa i nmeiiatelt amand Ui :
c;tr. tTay tias rstret ? Will any o:e x
plain it to ? It U not the w .y that riati-.n j
htrs herttafore fo'Vkt for territiry. If is j
! thit Johaston.hal. in p i;:t ? !umers, ;
ei'srnesi, coaSdeoc and c -ura-. aa nmy
jitl to aay tkat nas yet fr.ht fr Smthera
Ud'pendesee. Thy git up Dalton ? A'Ur
tae Kennosaw Stuatain ? Why the sanks
f tk Etowah and that other uiisplahle ad
nprnouBCaa!e riter name? Way permit
Sherman to cross the Caatuho he? a!on; wita
jrowaaraiy? Is warfare so changed, the
irt asd science f it. tkat armies can bridge
tafmlrts ersr illiotitable spac-t ad never
ts npslled to iht a dtcisire cnatbat ?
5s:"a strategv is not ku-wo in Eiroae
Tttnk erarythiag is f ank If aalf dozj
f-lis; yankee?, Mtkin,; to desert, get on
:.e id ef a rigad or ilivi?i-jn in T-Ir aire
i!y U get inu oar line5, w- Arf inaiediatev
?.Liked asd the brigade or dirision falls
bck according to science
lilt sad as i? thi; disaster, if Georgia is true
to herself it can be convert"! into a rnitfl
asraatagf. In 1S50 Georgia had 256.000
r J I
f tr cent, in the preceding decade: she kas ;
1 if !
increased much over ih'n in the decad pro- ;
.
cedm I sol. It wn.a oe lair to asnmaia
eer male p-?palation when this wr begia at
frur huudrcd thosand Of this, she?kas fur
a ibfd perhaps one hundred thousand. Is it
nzrrasnaa!e to snppcSe that, besides ker aoa
caihatants,but for eraergeocy cpble pipu
latioa , she can put in the field to dav thirty
tkouiae.d men, full able to fight ? If sk? can,
be can furnish force en ugh to Hn-d U
'Jlank" Sserman back m Ketitu.ky. or el- !
to ait down on hi cjmoiaoe;i.ion ani .trv
i:ri autil his st mch w.u'd a -')- wir s
ittens'ty eqnal to tks aching of th aeart
taat ke has bn-kea.
Everything for Georgia depends oa the
liiih -d ni her pep!e. She ha got ike
reople; they my be found iu eer tiw,
ju.Ht iike they may be found ir. NartU Carolina
ab'e-bodred wen, srru:tirg her Mrets a4 j
baling in her towa-tehows wh bare had j
their property preserved tor the whole war.aud ,
wsokve nsver struck a blow, except tae j
blwws which, like cowards from behiaa. thy !
arejtricke agait their own country, jast a? j
t'aeirkiadred have done in North Carolina, j
TVktre is the Georgia Platform and Gorrnor
Brown, that brawling hu-nbug of States' ;
Rights? Where is hi- Stated Ili-hts. or tke j
power that makes right, now ? If ke had j
en less a atarpiot more oa toe piatioru ci
tbe Cnfederacy more inclined to adjunct
tk Executive of the nttion, and to strottgth
a tht hand-f the Confedarate governmeat
Uau t9 k everlastihgly making points and
itauea. Georgia would not to-day kave keen
obiied to bw kr n-ek to the tread of tho
invader, seated ia bar very midat. Nor
would this kave been the case if vxample kad
been made of traitor and tories. If the
public ssatiment had forced than, away, eer
gta woald kav. been bettor off. Tneday will
eeme, wkea oar views will be recognized. It
lay he Wo late. Tke f reat lafflt af the Coa-
fedracyta tkis timt, kas keen --toa late."
Bat for tkis we woald have have had Fortress
Mcaroe, a navy ; aad bat fer this w woulda't
Uve a tory in tke laad.
Life of Gew. Jackson. The first volame
i this work, by Dr. Dabucy, is now in press,
oth ia London and Richmond. It is tke
wiga to publish it simultaneously at the twaJ
points. Dr Dabney's ability as a writer, and
! superior facilities for obtaiuing (he necas
wry material for this work, will, wo dombt
Mender it one of the most attractive books
4fy-
A viKT grev ju'tiiatbn pervades tfce North, j -because
of the capture .f Atl-iau. Utica, Troy, I
Buffalo, Springfi fd, Worcester, aM Vermont,
Belfast and other t ,wns it M nue. fire minute j
guns, and strapping y nee boys jump cut of!
tt.i at the sound ai.-i stu-rcb their i ig gawky '
lee, awl iubilate I' nues e'e cot them
,
i i-.i.-j ..... . u : '
f
mouths with the prospects of new fields fur ;
. .
their enterpn-o-is ir,:iiiu. when they have sue- !
J
kwirJl ,flfct
i made the men to walk
their way, and the wm
to do theiT bidding. We fancy we see tho lire
yaakee$f thi mormg ia their r,jaiciogs.
Nothing ao much gratifies small, weak minds
and narrow heart, as something to impose on
something to domineer oxer and these ex
pectant taskmaster are enjoying the anticipa
tioa, wben thev will be able to "put their fct
urinty ujirn ou me iiouiueru uw
forward to llieir further "calculations." It is
.Bjr w ui w.ui ew;wurre. i ulM, ur.uu, ;
- .. lit .L .11
c-jngr'gt'ri, listless, id; seeiuing inditfereht.
Virstf i iiit-j tot- aflice of ail cla-sv cirii.
State. C nft'derafe. military, juJicia: ' what dj
yau fiti'l! tacTary -lemeut cf exaet arid capable
tfvldieri, stowed wiy. s-jliJ, pa:k?d, and done j
up go as efiVctuiily ty ie out of be way, acJ
ia ke out tt th'- w.iv : the 9-ctimeiit beiuz, !
hj ciuut' - let U3 pray that 8he j
may be sated, and that others besides oursolrea
du) be the intruiacuti of her saltation.
rh'.s the slate of thicgj ptrruding Geor-
i.i Vith a while pepu'atinn of four hundred j
iiiOUMaul, with au army of young men iu her
ire?t.s wli j iuit.; never yel keard the dis-
Yanktes to einid themselves in her centre,
and n jb.dy of men ar- lolJ enough to break
tije linea of communication, long enough to be
broken it some p irit every ni-kt. It is a
tt nderful relinquishment of home, comfort,
pr.df. pitritic duly, that surrendei a a whole
p-opl before au armed tew. Grant that
rht v were deceived by Ge-n. JehnstMi that
t0r -y ii l think he would s me time"come to a
st d ;'' i.ey' hare now had two morths to
aw fee from that deceptioa. They c uli
have iein forced Iln ,d they ciid hare tarn -
p?re w'uh Sherman's liu of cominuuicatiou.
Vh rr member tae dy when it was sail for
Georgia, thai she c-mld defend er!f ag d.ut
the Ya.ikee nation Wnero is tis
resolve? Where. this cipi'iy? E-en novv
we road in the Aujruata pipers of yesterday's
receipt that 1 he Local tro ps turned out under
Afajor Girardey, and tnad-ssuch an appearance
as to ive assurance that they could hold
Auu-ta agair.st tea times their strength. If
tliis be s ), let t'aem hurry to Ilnod. One
thourai.d men, who can hold back ten thou
fc nd. will be of inestimable value to him, an i
may save the Sate. Girardey, too, is a
ctiuneii naate. O: nim we hare no t'enbt. He
p its the in-mtle ol a gallant and brave spirit,
w! o ' as piiit made his 1 1st final noble record
far freedom. If these Augusta troops have
caught the error of his patriotism, by all
means snd t:.em to LovejoyV, for they are
the very i.fceitie. ol tin? hur.
And let t:.e io difou of Goria admonish
N rt i Carolina. Let our authorities commence !
, , i j
to search through ocr complex acd alraot j
, , . ... , 1
uriiUUHra-le bureaux, where sna will bnd i
flusheo and jovial health acd rigor, physically i
psessi-d.to- th; full, of all the ten to one
quaiitie. j'ist bespsken for the Augusta locals ;
an i let them turu ihcat out. Let those who
have been Irae from the cvi's of tho war, com
n.ence to fchare its burdens Give a new
claim n the cause by bringing in new ele-
j nieti?." :-.ud our word for it, the voice of dis
ci ra v ill die forever on our streets. We shall
j eul.er have a ?oft and dreamy quiet or an ab-
s i bir.g :.nd stirring outhusiasm.
L t the experiment begin, to reinforce with
out cusenpiioc by changing the routine of
dutr.
Enfouraging thr People.
pt-.ip.e riAve .1 sir;g'iur way of in-
S-.m
ji-jri:. t .e pt pit? wi h hope. curase ajid
flirtiiudc, iu times of peril and disaster. At
ieatt t;.sv profess tht this i the;r desire,
wL;je tiev C lntantly haunt them with visr
jonSf so.ls ;lHi chimeras dire," that can
iave lla othr effect than to visit apon them
aistrUslf foar auj despondency - With a vi- w
to -inspiro hope, they tell us that the war is
t , ias: or se'nty-times-seTen years:
th,u the pulpit, the press, thejbrum have all
deluded, deceived and betrayed the people of,
the Soath, and that we must either make up
, oar n);ncis to "rcconstract" with the hated
fwe that has murdered our sons, outraged our
daughters, slain in cold blood our old men,
belp'ess childhood and innocent women, burnt
oar homes, robbed us of our property and laid
wast' our country that we must- consent to
afli;ite and fraternize with thee fiends, or
expect to wade the acaot blood ami caraage
; Wor j wirh-ut enal
An to fill the hearts of our people with
couragt, they chaunt with pleasurethe yaRee
dlrge tBat ..Jff Davis 13 a tyrmntf tbal he
is eppre.-sing tbe pefpiaod preventiae them
ppre.smg tbe peopl-aod preventing
from going back to the fond embrace of tbeir
loving yankee brethren," .who are waitiag to
receive the prodifals, welcome them back to
their father's home,' where the fatted calf ia
awaiting their coming.
Ami to inspire their fortitude, they are re-
minded that the enemy is iust aboat to hurl
j five hundred thousand fresh levies of his mia-
ions upon us, and where shall we hope to find
a tenth of that number to meet them?
Aad yet such sentiments are allowed te be
' circulated in the hmis and business places
; of community the people read, and the bae
? perpetrator claims to be a friend to bis ccuatry.
! Verily, txbnnm i? it grTt rirtne.
From the Petersburg Front.
We lrrtrn 1 1
ros tr. I.niress of lhttrsdaT- s
r v 1
thai every tiling quiet oh tke linesof that ! Tbiaking tbat a brief resumo f tba oaera
city the day prr:ou. Some few rifle and - .lioI8 on tte Gtargialxue aiay n-jt be writhaut
mirfl, t "n , 1 . A ! it interest and use we subbin aa outline K:a
ra rtar bh-li were thrown into the citv v-- t . r .i , r .
terday, but no damage was accomplished.
Some errors having occurred in the pub
lished report of the affair on the Weldon rail
road last Friday, when the enemy's cavalry
broke through our lines west of tho Davie
house, and certain reports having been cir
calated regarding the action of the 4th N. C.
caralry, Gil. Ft r bee, engaged at the time', j
projudicial to that, command, we consider it
an act of simple jnstice to state tke facts of
the case. Early on the morning of ike 2nd
instant, the euemy broke through the reji
meat tm the right of Col; Ferebee's line, and
advanced towards the residence of fcir. Jones,
on the Church road. Col. F. being not fied
of the circumstance,, hastiiy collected such
iunu of his couim md as were in camp
and double qu'reked them to the front. He
ordered thsm to commence firing on the en1
emy at once, and caused them to move about
atd make as great a h r of srrengt'a pus
sible. Thee mar,o?avr:s caused ihe Yankees
to halt and throw a part of one of their jegi
ments in line of battle. Seeing there wasnci
immediate disp'.jsiti-in on the part irf the ene
my to advau:.;; Col. Fereb e dettrmioed to
hold hi3 po.sitio at all hazards until rein
forcements could be br ught up,'wfaich were
son furoisbud by Col. Griffin, comaaanding
the 62nd Georgia troops, encamped near by?
The enemy in the mean time fired a few
harmless shot3, bat the show of strength
which our men were now enabled to
make, coupled with a vigorous yelling and the
firing of one or two rounds from a single piece
of artillery which thay had with tharu, soon
caused the foe to retreat in haste and confu
sion, taking the same route they came.
In less than one hour and a half after the
enemy entt red our lines-, he was thus rapulsjd
and the line reestablished N"bt a mn on
our side was wounded, killed or captured, nor
were our lines br .ken at aay poiut except as
above statel. Every man was at his post
aud there was no surprise. The enemy did
no damage except to take away Mr. Peeoles
a citizen of Dinwiddie, and steal a few
hordes aud tuls.
Talking Kindly to Children.
We heard a nob'e little fellow ask his
mother last night, on retiring to rest "Ma,
have I beon a good boy to-day ?" "Yes, my
sen, I havo had no fault to find of you.". We
thought how sweet nust be that little fellow's
sleep and how pleasant his dreams.
Ihe pleasant little incident gave rise tore
flection, aud we have thought of it we know
not how often this day. A writer on the train
ing of chilwrea has --aid it is at times necessary
to censure and punish ; but very much may be
doao by encouraging thrm when they do well.
Be, therefore, more careful to express your
approbation of goni nojdact, than your dis
approbation of bad. Nothing can more dis
courage a child thia a spirit of incessant fault
finding on the part of its parents. And hardly
anything can exert a more injari ins influence
upon the dispositio both of the .parent and
child. There are two great motives influenc
ing human actions: hope and fear. B)thof
these are at times necessary. But who would
not prefer to h-tve a child influenced to good
conduct by the desire of pleasing, thin by the
fear ot .-uVudi-ig ? If a mother never ex
presses her gratification when her children do
well, and i3 always censuring them when she
sees anything amiss, they are discouraged and
unhappy. They feel that it is useless to try
to please. Their disposition becomes harden
ed and soured by this ceaseless fretting, and
at list, finding that whether they dj well or
ill they ars equdly fouud fault with, they re-linqai-h
all effort to please, and become heed
less of reproaches.
Bat let a mother approve of her child's
conduct whenever ehe caw. Ljt her sh w
that his ged behavior in ike her siuceicly
happy Let her reward him for his efforts
to please by smiles ind affection. In this
wa she will cherish i v her child's heart aomtt
of the nblesf and m ist deairable feelings of
our nature. S'io will cuiti'-ate in him an
amiable disposition and a. cheerful spirit.
Your child lias been, during the day, very
, pleasant and obedient. Just before putting
him to sleep for the aijht, you take his hand
and say. My aoa, you have been a very good
boy to-day. It makes roe very happy to see
you so kind and obedient. God loves chil
dren who are dutiful to their parents, and he
promises to mak them happy'. This ap
probation fretn his mother is to him a great
reward And when, with a more than ordi
nary affectionate tone you say, " Good night,
my dear son" -he leaves the room with his
little heart full of fesling. And when he
closes his eyes for sleep, he is h ppy, and re
solves that he wili always try to do his duty.
A gentleman- resfding on the coast of Eng
land writes to the London Timet that he
distinctly heard the firing of the guns ef the
Alabama and Ker.age His house is situated
on an elevation of 110 feet above the sur
rounding district, and is distant 115 miles
from the sceee of oonflict
'A correspondent of the Augusta ChronieU,
writios; from Mobile, taya, "it fs now no se
cret that 6 000 cavalry, from Kirby Smith's
army, are en this side of the river, an their
way -to us.:
AsUtementis published in the New Ytrk
Herald, as autkeatio, tkat Lincoln agreed te re
sign, if Oen. John A. Dix were nominated at
Ckieage.
A safe promise Gen. Lee can with equal
safety promise to surrender BichmoaeL If Gta.
JehH A. TTix will !! tlf fcsjnfalt
Eroaa the Aagnsta Cenatitationitt
The Fill of Atliiti.
tort. cureiuiiT maa dm 'rnn tk tin.iuf
aourceaf intelligeace at our command. Up
t the 2 7 ib ult., the enemy's liuts extended
north-east and south-west, between Atlanta
and the Chattahoochee, but na that day
changed . irection so as to raach fretn Sand
tow a to a f-int opposite to aad between Eist
Point aad Fairbarn. The 2Sh and 20:h
seemed to have been spent in preparations far
an advance, and oa tke 30th six army corps
in two heaty colamns set oat for Janeskoro.
Skirmishing between onr outposts aad the
enemy's advance immediately commenced and
contiuued during the greater portiua of the
day in the neighborhood of tkat place;
WKDSBj-DAT's FIGHT, AUG. 81T.
To check the enemy's advance Le's and
Hanlee's corps were immediately detacbetl
by GenHo(d, but, owiu, it is said. Jo the
guides luring tkeir way, did net arnv in
position sill late m the day lu this way ti.e
attack which was. to have been made ou tke
morning of the 2.t did no: take place till
between two and thrte o'clock on the evenio?
i I
of thht dav. Tbe interval of leisuro thus
afforded t kem was taken advantage of by th
eiiwmy to thro
w up some earthworks, which
1 bv our .4roops with only a j
. The enemy's bkirmish lius
were assaulter
partial success
was taken aud a portion of Lee's corps c&v !
tured the works immediately ia its treat. Iu
trout of a grat part of Hardee's cr.rp: a dark
gully iutorvoued between it and the enemy's
works, rendering the charge at tkis point
abortive Under these circumstances it was
found imposeible tq attain the objects propos
ed, and our troops withdrew at nightfall tv
their original position and entrenched.
Thursday's battle, sept. 1st.
Ou the next evening tho imy hsit his en
trenchments and moved agatnt our works in
heavy torce. Four successive aud furiou-- as
taults were in turn met aud repulsed, but ou
the filth charge the force uiouht against
Govau's Brigade was so overwhelming as to
force it back, thereby flanking those portisus
of the line which still stood firm. Under
these circumstances outflanked aid in waut
of ammunition General Ilardee was- com
pelled to again withdraw, which he did ia the
direction of Lovely's this side ot Jooeshovo.
General Lee, who appears to have held the
right of our line iu this day's fi-ht also with
drew during the night towards Atlanta, tor
the purpose of forming a janctioa with Gen
eral II nod aad tke main army.
fkidat'sopxeations, sipt. 2d.
The result of Wednesday aad Thursday's
fighting having been so unfortunate, liardes's
corps being cut off, and the eaemy firmly
fadged on the ' Maeoa road, it was evident
that Atlanta must be given up, accord
ingly at two o'cUck on Friday morning, our
army evacuated the pi ce, retreatiag south
ward, t-jward Hardee. Between cine and
eleven o'clock in the day, that portion of the
enemy still in position before Atlanta entered
the city, and after leaving a garrisoa, pressed
through on the track of our forces
During the day it doss aot appear tkat any
furiber hostilities than some skirmishing oa
Hack and rear occurred.
PSEtEhT PoslTJOK, LOSSK, XT.
About ous o'clock on Saturday .morning, the
3d, Hdod effected his junction with Hardee,
and at last accounts our entire army was
drawn up ia lin of battle before L?jvejoy s,
wkit demoralized, aud but little Weakened
by loss of men or material.
In Wednesday's fight we learn that our Inss
was comparatively slight; and as ou the sue
ceeding day we fought behind breastwoiks,
this day s loss too was far from being anyibmg
eqial te that of the enemy.
Since Thursday's battle, however. Hp to tho
present ttiere has been no heavy fighting;
though some, runiors, to the effect of au en
gagement having occurred on Sunday last,
were at oue time current.' Our present line is
nnderstood to extend from Jjjvejoy's to Mc
Donough, this latter place hating been pro
bably chosen as a res:ing place for oar right,
in order U permit the Iio5, il nocessiry, to be
extended towards Covirjgten, on the Georgia
Road. Such is a brief and, as far as we chb
now tell, accurate acc ui:t of the operations
attendant on the fall ol Atlanta. Oar entire
losses amount to a little over four tho isand
killed and wourd-:d; eight fieid pieces lost by
Ilardee; some siege guns lett by Hol ;tt At-,
lanta; from five te eight locomotives; between
150 and 200 freight cars, acd some crda .nc,
commissary and quartermaster stores "destroy e
ed. The blow, though undeniably heavy, is
by no means disheartening; and as to any fatal
e licet it way have, we can only sly that we
have, ere this, suffered reverses trebly severe
.md still live through it all.
. The Hour of Trial.
The Nashville correspondent of the New York
Thnes, in giving a review of the situation, dis
cusses tb magnitude of tbe work the Jfederale
have yt to perform, and says:
Add to this the pending Presidential contest.
It seems unfortunate that this element one
of strife, auU, sometimes, bitter animosity, evan
in peaceful times, should be added jut now
to the disturbing forces of the country. !Te
could wish that it bad been otherwise for the
present. But it is upon us, --nd must be met
roaufully, as every other crisis has been. A
contest of tnis kind has, in ordinary timr,
shaken the c-matry from centre to circumfer
ence. When the storm was over, and the deep
calm came, and no injury was dane. tho Com
monwealth by the fierce elemental strife, the
fact was pointed at, . abroad as at home, as a
splendid illustration .of the safe-working and
seit-conserving potency oi repuoiio-m insuiu-
tions.
Tbe test soon to be re-enacted may lnvolva
mora real peril than any that has preceded it.
A mighty civil war upon oar hands, whose de
termined prosecution, essential to our unity,
and hence our - very salvation, dciauds the
whole energies of the country ; the enemies of
tbe Administration, aided by some who Lave
ranked hitherto as its staunchest supporters,
straining every nerve to overturn it, as if that
were more important than to crash armed trai
tors now, and for years struggling to overturn
the. Government; personal disappointments,
partisan rancor, fierce thirst for power and
place, blended with honest, but misjudging,
seal for a change of rulers, and tbe inaugura
tion ef a different policy in conducting affairs,
all these things suggest grounds of fear tkat
the eomiug contest may prove one of unexam
pled bitterness, the effects ef wkich upon the
country, in tkis its greatest trial keur, may
prove signally disastrous to its highest interests.
Dxatr of Capt. Thomas Pool.- A letter
has been received in this city confirming the
reported death of Capt. Thos. Pool, of tha
"Oak City Guards," 14th Regiment. He was
killed ia au engagement with the enemy at
Ckarlestowa, Va., oa the 24th of last month
Capt. Pool was a gallant ofjeer and a worthy
Frea the retrtburj Eapress of Sarordty.
Fnn tbe FroiU
Akout ane o'clock jeaierday afternoon a brisk
canoonading commenced an the left af our
lines, which -'gradually extended around to
the centre, aad erentually reached the rght.
Towards two o'clock the firing increased . in
rapidity aad uutil tbrre, one uninterrupted
Foar of artillery was heard. It "was a vast
artillery dual, which o. the left eitended
around to the right moat of the cannon on
tho lines beiny brought into play.
Ddriog the progress of this cannonading;,
tke eaemy took occasion to shell tke city vig
orously throwiBj largely upwards of a hun
dred of his. destructive missiles iaside the
corporate limits. S.me damage, ait usual,
was doue,hut no ihiary to life was sustatued,
except the kiliieg vi a mule. A number of
deserters, baanug order No. G5 ia their hands, i
cameiuto cur Jiu-s yesterday. Toev Aore
niour iorcigr,crs, i.-ut some ot them very in
telligent men. Ot- of thetn reports tliat- Gen.
Uraut has issued oi;irj to one or more corps
to iiiuply themselrcs with three ilava
tatiotis, nnd intimated that some nioeiaiit is
OJ iu amobgthe Yankes. Jl bucu b
tHhe c ise, we shall probably havam-ve uuou j
our r''en, ur fctrike in ib direction f r:t? t
oj.iiBMae raunwi. which Grant u uo doubt
very anxious to s:... Irt-ill Sod u further
o .... i. : i i i ...
extension of hi iiu-s ia that d;rcct;ou,
tremely diliiwult arid dangerous task.
Wohave also the itireliigeLice tb
an ex-
at rem.
forcejnenls are reaching (lnnt !.- ... ti.a
turn hers we cannot learn. Trauspotts have
.within the last few d.iya beei-u cotr.ius mb
tha rier with troops" ou board. It is evi.
dent Iron- all appearances that Grant willsooa
break the r.K-notouous quiet that ha reignad
in frMit of Petersburg sines the fjjbtat Iteatns.
The enemy 'a pickets keep welf in, around
Reams', -and show nyevidenro of any disposi
tion U mike auothsr advance ia that direc
tion. Q ant has turned tkecnurae of tke old City
Point railroad, and is now bu.'ily extending it,
to the Yellow Hoaso oa tho Weldoa road "six
laii-! from Petersburg.
Granl'i Army.
A correspondent of the Washington Chron"
ide, wri ting of Grant's array, saya;
Every man undergoes an organic change
once iu ssvou years. So we are iufjrmed by
physiologists The disintegration of buaiaa
particles must be very gradual and impercep
tible, for, after the lape of time specified,
when it is presumed the I ant atom of too "eld
r.iau" bas departed, the individual retains
his identity, his friends appear the same, his
nauie remains unchanged.
S is it with the army of the Potomac.
The diflereat corps become tjew command
every three years. Hancock is tke leader ol
a corps, of which every member wears for
his distinctive badge a club of trefoil. Thia
is the 2nd corps; but how changed since thel
ti.i.e wnen commauden by Gee. Sutoner I
Tbe old men ef the V.ud corps are almost all
guns. Ol those w ho twice assembled ia bloody
oonnict upon Manassaa Piaius, bul a haud
ful remaiii. 'lue- men who covered Pope's
retreat irem tho ltapi iaa and battlvd for us at
Bristow Statiou--an those vho held the ad
vance at Miue ltun, and eniergod with their
lives from the Wilderness have been mus
tered out of service or slain at Spotsylvania
aud C ld Haibor. '
The raaki of all tke old corps are filled with
.new men. Ail know that throe years ha
been. suSeieat to chsnse the army. There
is, ia toa mj, a ciffercaca. f?o cannot
Botica it );T ii)f-i than the physiologist can
discern a char g? in l-.isown body every seven
ears. TRre nu nifference in the corpin
siguia. Ti.o icon arc fed as well, and appa
tently march and fight as well pj vct. It is
aly under peculiar circumstances like thoo
iu which Gio bon's and Miles' divisions Wore
placed during Wednesday afternoon, that any
difference can b observed. This tho roods
chaiged ;eacli time with augmented numbers,
increased fury. When our soldiers yaw their
backs Kir the third time, contempt" for their
foes was only equalled .by tho confidence they
1 I t in themselves. Mauv of the mjiments
in Mi.es' division were composed of 'new men
substitutes, aliens, drafted men. The ah
New York has just rc-jcitrd threj'huhdrud
sQch. ost of them were J rant of compa
ny drill, and knew to Iil?- f he mibual of
a'ras they oou'd scarcely 1 .td ann fire.
A Double fualdUon.
4lt is well, says the Boston Co'irL-r, 'to
bring forward the similar sentiments of men
holding influontial positions, expressed under
other circumstances. Mr. Davis was certainly
prophetic. Mr. Lincoln remind us of UszacI, j
the Syrian, asking, 'I- thy servant a dog,
that he should do this great thing?' and went
home and murdered his master. The follow
ing is an extract from the Inaugural Address
of Abraham Lincoln, March 4, 1661 :
'Suppose you go to war, you cannot fight
with its insliuuioas. belong to the pc. p!e who
inhabit it. Whenever they ehali 2row v-ery
of the existing goveramcnt, they can -x?rcite
their constitutional right of.amndi::g, or
their revolutionary tight to dismcubcr or
overthrow it.'
The follotving is an extract from a speech
of Jefferson Davis, in tho United States Sen- j
at, January 19, 1854 :
'If you will not have it thus;' if ia the pride j
of power, it in contempt ot reason ana reii
I jince upon force, you say we shall not go, but
shall remain as subjects to you, then, gentle
men of the North, a war is to be inaugurated,
the like of which men have net seen. Suffi
ciently numerous on both sides, in close con
tact, with only imaginary lines of division,
and with many means ef 'approach K each sus
tained" by productive sectiHns, the . people ef
which will give freely both of money and of
store, the conflicts must be multiplied indefi
nitely ; and masses of men, sacrificed to the
demon of civil war, will furnish betacembs
snch as the recent war in Italy did not suffer.
At the end ef all tkis, what will you have
effected? Destruction upon both aides; sub
jagatian v upon neither ; a treaty of peace,
leaving both Urn and bleediug ; the wail of
the widow and the cry of the orphan aubatU
tuted for those peaceful notes ef domettie
happiness that now prevail throughout the
land ; and then you will agree that each is to
pursue his separate course as best he may.
This is to be tha end of war. Through a
long series of yean yoa mar waste your
strength, distress your people, aad get at last
te the" position which you might have had at
first, had justice and reason, instead of sel-
fbhnees and passion, Solly and crime, dictated
yeur course."
'gptMUt Vf t"he 'VisfteHW
always ; and when, alter much lesson Doth . yonng gentleman r.amea rrnsi was. aaung an
sides, and no ain on either, you cease fijfbt-. apple in a qoiet corner by himself, a young
ing, the identical (j ietli .a;, as to terms of iu- lady cr.ine up aad gaily af-ked hii:i 'why lit
tereourse are a.iti nr 'n vo:. Tkis country --itl not sharo with her.
Thi Fort Giinrj tmezin,
TTa Lave sabtrrd from n:tril t&exr
lata of tke Fort Galoe -jrti'n, wks hv
retaroed from N?w O.l'-a-. s. .v.o partlcQ'tra
respecting the sorr-w ! r of it. Thty
eoafirm Captain Va' rrcr. m f tba
disabled eoodilios ef tks a tae fert,
there being oulf oae tbirt: r -undrf aa m
the north aide bearing upon ll-et, aed not
shell to fit it. From the lit of cacSaltiea
which we publish, it will be torn that the pr
sitioa wqs not given up without a straggle
against tba gathering power of the euamy.
Matt of the casualties occurred en the picket
Hue, but two men were killed by shall
while sleeping ia what was cBiidcred tka
most ecuro part of tke fort.
The erst lauding of the enemy ws raade
on the stiit six or seven milea from tkt fort,
from winch point thty moved up to dii
tance of abwut, throe miles where they beilt?
a wharf au i la.ided a--9- After this they .
approached gradually uotil on. Tbursda,
Augiut tfi iU, thy b&d established a siroa
line completely acr the i!aud, with a bat
tery on either rlavk acd another ia tke ceo
tre. a sk.. half uiilc from the fvrt. From tha
ti-ue th-y wer: withi-i a ini'euid a half of tho
lort kXiiia.aiii.i jid Lecu kept up by oUf
pickets.
Tho tLt a it i2 rri lay martin, Crcd
a Lumber of shots at Fort Guinea.
Trie aujfgesuo:! of a surr.-uder tirt catte
fro.n tha cfiii'ers, aud waa oppos-'J by CVicuvl
Audorson, who regarded it u preiiiature;
but fi a to-suitatiy:i cf t-J o&cers was
held, Sat.ir.Iay i ijchl, ia which lbs opicivu
wai decided that 1-e fort Would ke uuabla td
resist aa attack, und a statement was addxet
sed to Colouel A., recva:meudiag the epeuinj
of uootiationi with the fieet, which was sin
ed by must of the oM?erj. Several of tLetn,
however, appended their opinion that this if
lion was preutatarc, a:ncu wham, walear.
were Captiias Sherman and Williams and
Surgeou Heard. Major Brorn protete
openly against the surrender, "siyiog that
tbe best place he knew la die wa light th'sre."
The leading motive urged by tkeav kI.o
advised the aurreuder was tho expectation I
obfaiuin- better forms from tbe Iloet than tha
. land forco ; which, it was expected, would
nuke the asault in thd raoruinj, though it
was afterwards ascertained that they had u
such intention. Before sendiog the flag of
truce, tho powder in the fort was destroyed,
as well as most of the stores. Col. Audars&n
had preriuusly cauej ail tha outkaiWiog to
be burned except the hospital, and, as the en
emy weru firing on thit, be was about to dt
stray it two; but they tiesbted, baviag probably
fired ou it by mistake.
. We have heard so explanatlea ef Col. Aw
dei son's coud:t iu failiag to aawr Gtaer.il
Page's signals.
Of tbe the two nicu reprted rniauug ia
the list cf casualties, we learn that M lie', had
nixty unuroaa lctt'is kis chrga, tho othor en
gineer whose name we forget -having sa.
cxedttd iu escaping with tou to Little 1 )aphin
Island aad directing him io jt off with tha
others, us well.as hs could. IosteaJ of do
iug tkis, Millet hoisted a white fU, anl ti r
only transferred his whole force. to the yaa
koe, but, as they state, assisted them ia pa
ting uu their battle.
Tlie'raanlsa Canadian. The other uU
.ing tnanf Johnson, had hi wilo wilk Uim.
He was separated from her and confined by the
raeaiy and treated very han-kly, aad a aeriea
rf asaoyaaeas institoted t iadast kia t
take the eatb, which proved uneBccessfal.
We uaderstand tkat all the iahabitaha ot
tke lslaad aro band in glove w-iih tke yfttkeef.
letr'c Advertiser.
Ilue'tS. olh N. C. CAVAtlV,
Near Petersburg, Va., Sept. 3d, 1801
tainted l-j Maj. J. U. McXeM, Au?. 2 la?.
Co A, cainmaodod by Cipl Jao Mekellei.
Wounded, J II Harrington. Captured, A J
Dahuno, W J Uethane, J I Tyson.
Co C, oomoftanded by Capt C F fcbaw. Kill -ci,
Ser$l V M Diif.ell. Wounded, crp T O
Hunting; private C Timothy. Captured, R h
King.
Cj P, eommia.Jed by Capt .Too M ioiloway.
Woaa-ied, capt Jno M Galloway ; private N v?
ldai, W D CHrner, Ii J' b'pirk?, L Tottan.
'.iptared, Ord fclergt Jao 7 Smith ; Private A
Y7 Meadows.
Co li, Capt T W Harris, eammandiej.
Yoanded, private Madisen, I) Mve.ftM Barn.
Co F, .Capt Jno R -Lrwin, en-nmasd-nc.
Wounded, private M E Eestler, J M Love, C L
auitv.
.Co H, Llcnt Charles Tesrsoo, waaw-Hnp.
founded, Srgt S V rieming; pritato N t
Rich. , C Brook. Captured, Z Minsr, O M!a
4.r, W H Click, C M Sparks
Co 1, commanded by Capt N P Hankie.
Wounded, rgt Colftraiu; private U Hem
ley, TT O Maxwell.
Co K, commanded ly Capt Jae C Tkortsn.
WouDdeJ, private A J Pieree. Captured, Hn
. ly N'anee, Martin Caglt.
Aug. 23.Co K.-Lieotfelmaienf, Co I, fiufcl
CUuioion, Co G, Wui Hsrriogtos,
O. J. MOORE,' Acting A'jt.
Grsrist Wir. At a party social,. at
He good aaturedly turcsd tke side which
was not bitten towards her, saji 2: 'Here,
tke it if you wih.'
-No, I think vo-,' she exclaimed, liking
.it him archly ; '1 would rather bv 3 rr.e that
is not frfiat-hittmf ami mcfrily r.iu off to jeia
thecompaoy, leaving poor Frost with a thaw
in his heart.
TatC GSECIAK WaiGGLE. S'lBCt tht td.p.
tion of the prevalent fashion of trailling dr ea
ses, "euf malj readers have doubtless watched
with a species ef admiring awe toe dexterous
mamoavrc by which the ladies maL to avoid
bfsmerarching their trains iruthevvct aad dirt
of the it i ret . It has not been until late,
however, that we learned the technical name
of tkis move, and that masculinity rbay no.,
longer bo rat a ignorancaon the point, hastta
to ssy that It is called "A Grecian Wriffgte. '
m What won iters those cotton factors amt
be,' said ilr Partington, -I'm told soma of
'em has mora thau a hundred hud. Mf
poor Paul often wanted mo to aad m tlrs,
bat 1 am thankful 1 aster went.'
G is. Steele. Tht Ttxaus have at Uts ut
ceeded in making a teas; on Yaakee General
Steele, and here it is :
"Gen. Fredetlck Steels eoaru ttaa.iag tlotf ,
Stealing our hogs and stealing ear cere,
Atealiog anr akeep aad sUallajr oareewa,
Aad atealing tke steel fjosa off oar plowt.
Steal on Gen. Steele, ere long yea may feel
The blibtiag effect of very cold stetL"
A Patriot A aaaa whe gives twenty dwl
lars for the relief of the r of ogees, ami raica
tha reat of hit heasa Ave hundred par ceai.
i S i li
Soutdxek Independeace Asking a nil
fifty price for an article and ar rarlnwa;
t