L
The confederate.
tTRDXKSDAY. ttABCH ,Aei.
- Besides the Sphjnx, aud hrr c-nnrsie w hose
name we forget the two iron tl d rsms, wbch
re jnst battening, fur the port of New York,
to put G -tbana urder crntriVition there
B-env to be another f.nmidab'e ore ofth-se
'Craft certainly passed inti Couffd rite funds,
which has received ber armament, and may
new be upon the sea. We ate nc. now par
ticularly hopeful or carcfcl cf these iron dads.
The days have btran, when we I-x.krd and
longed for a navy, which could epea our porta, 9
aftd ke-p them open ; which could save Char
est :n, and Wilmington, and perhaps enter
New Turk and Bston. We b&l reason,
ence, to believe that vessels, thea in co'ir?e f
construction, destined f r cur as4, would as
suredly find their way out ; and bring us the
one thing n del. We hoped, to for a ichile,
that with the lumber and timber, on and con
tiguous to streams, held b; t:s ; with our
facility for the importation of machinery a:,d
work men, that we anight builJ c-ccan t tam
ers tf our own, that coull be in a fight,
and be made to do service; but ill lhse ideas
bave long riucc cjkflolJ. ar-'l wt ji14
what appears to be the utir.ctt r-ach of our
navy department the construct'. -n cf craft
intended for preservation agair.s-t the season
of their Uotcinj up. What we have nov to
do with the mention of iron dads, reported
to be coming t us, fr m ov.-r ss, is, to in
dulge our mirth at th evilrnt fright aud
fury of the Yankees, who are in fits, almost,
at these heary phantoms, which they are
conjuring ap.
The Paris corre-p indent of the New York
Times, gives a full description concerning
the "Olinde how $ he ws built by Mon
sieur Armand, a French flip rudder ; and
how when Louis Napoleon -found out that
she wis destined for th " r?be! agn U,'V
he shut her up until it w&s cotebisive
ly shown that they had p-irted with all
interest in her, and that she h.-vl actually
been purchase by the Danish goTerr.naxt.
and the contract was shown. .d cx mined,
and was palpable; and then hn letjier go,
sending her under the French flas; to Copen
hagen when Louis Napoleon ai d-ne this
all this he thought he fa filled. t he letter,
the promises he made to ilr. Payt- n, " that
none of the vesstls built i Freich port", on
Confederate account, should ever p -ss from
Frenchinto Confederate hand? " It is trae, he
had promised these identie-.il Cot.federate8,
when they contracted with j s Aruiand, lor
these vessels, that they should pasw into their
hands in fulfillment of this coi tract. But what
a strong thirgis chance, lu- k, (ate. Napobon
is a fatalist, a was Lis re puted uac'.e before
him. Now tljis Olinde was devir.-d to go into
the rebel Aacds, in spite of Lo-:is Napoleon,
Dayton, and the whole Yankee nation, and
this, by a shrewd Yankee tnV, learned by a
close Ttencb oMerer ot Yankee sUutegera.
When OWnde was to Ve ctHit?ted to Co
penhagen, the bought slave of tl 3 King f
Denmark-, aMoss.de la Riviere foraaeriy an
agent of Mr. Webb, a Yankee eh:p builder,
who had a contract with the Ittlnn govern
ment was selected by Mr. Anuat.d to be her
conductor; and he fulfilled l is nd-sion lite
rally "; presented her at Copenhagen ; delivered
her to theDanish authorities ; and thereupon,
lowered the French flag fr- m hvr rratf.
Whereupon, she was examined ;md found not
to correspond with the description in the Dan
ish contract ; and she was rej-cted. And ther
Cbe was without a flag to sail under; and wi;h
eut a country to claim her. What more nat
ural than that she should pas? in to the keepin
of the "so cjUletT' Confederate States o"
America? This has actually happened, anr
Mons. da la Reviere did'nt live for r.aogh
under the tuition of Mr. Webh, the Yauk-ebip-builder.
Of course, the French mini
ters are "deeply surprised and humiliated
and they utter their regret in the most em
phatic way" as a Frenchman does, liu
that don't help the cause. The Olinde i
under sUaua, floating the "Southern cross;
with 9 proper armament ; and as our ports ar
all hermetically sealed, to that she canao
get in reach of Mr. Mallory, there is a chahc
that she will escape the fate of all her sUten
that ojheing blown up. The Pr?s correr
pondent confoleves his readers with the assc
ranee that she is not fast,zui will have a shoi
career. Raymond the military critic froi.
the "lbows of Mincio" thinks the partic
lars furnished by the correspondent, 4,of pre
interest." lie speaks of the fair Olinde, 1
the "Fnrcco-Dacish-Rebel Rim.r He sa.
de la Riviere is " rery shreicd one of if
shrnpJest." If he has contrived this Rar
into our clutches, we think so too. And, i
Mr.Boceck and the Virginia delegation, jftoul
try their hand again upon counselling th
President on cab . inet-making ; and M
Mallory's sensibilities should be touched, s
as to cause his resignation, why, we do D'
know any one more qualified to take his plac
than de la"Biviere, the pupil of Mr. Webb,
and the successful out-witter of the Iranco
Yankee diplomat.
. Mklavctioly Death .Lieut. Carr, C7t
N. C. Troops, was found deal on the 24t
ult., about two mils from Kinston. It wi
thought the deceased, wi.ile under the inflt:
ence of liquor, had fallen from his seat in
bQSy and was run orer by the vehicle. .H
leaves a wife and four children.
A family of five persons man and h:
wife and three children were consumed in r
building destroyed by urecn Main Street,
in Richmond, on the 2 lit ult.
Slaves Impressed.--All able bodied slaves,
between the ages of 13 and 45, in the coun
ties 01 Wayne, Greene and Lenoir, have been
Impressed by the military authorities for the
use of the government, for fifteen days.
We have alwaysbecnamong the number of .
those wfcT5 carried about us a pr jadice against
General temberton ; and we adopted much of
the common aversion that was frit toward
him, as a military man.
We were present in the Senate, the other
day, then Peoaror WigMl Championed Gen
eral johnslr.u; and we were bo famil
iar with the quilii!e c f that Senator ti. it we
were quite aware cf the v:ndictivcacss of his
animosities, and the erratic habitudes of his
faculties, t specially in matter r quiring pre
cision. We were prepared, therefore, to find
that he wculd lose sight of strict accuracy in
his specifications, and remain cpea to severe
criticism, when the truth shculd be made to ap
pear. Cut we were not prepared,, fcr suoh a
clear exposure as General Pemberton makes of
ihe Senator. Hi facts are altogether inaccu
rately stated; and General Pembertou's defence
against the accusation is perfect.
It as b-eii annou'-re I by the Yankee pres9,
and the annooi cruent has been published by
us, thatG-'n. Singleton and Judge Hughes,
pron.inent northern politiei u.s, had obtained
passports from Lincoln to visit R'chmond
S line Yat.kf-c papers say the object of their
mission U to convince the relelsof the hope-lessnf-fs
cf further resistance ; others, that they
come ou busfness of a private and pecuniary
niturc. They arrived at Varina, aa James
River, on Monday iat, but the freshet in tho
river prevented the running of our beats, and
delayed their arrival in Richmond.
These visits of X'-rthern gentry are always
covered with a cloud of mystery, and it is im
possible to learn anything positive about them.
We are generally left to conjecture as to their
oljects, and their present vis-it has started
any number of rumors. But, the rrost absurd,
j is a report given by the Richmond Dispatch
that the object of the preseut visit "is
purely commercial ; their business being
nothir g more nor lssthan to make arrange
ments for b uying cctlon and tol,arco for their
Government and se'ling to our Government
beef and bacon . It is a qre-r storv ; wo give
it aa we hear it.'"
We thirk it mo-e than i;keiy that their
mipsi'm is cue of LincolnVown making, to at
atfMnpt to divert us fruinivH earnet-t prosecu
tion of the war, distract our councils, aLd di
vide oy people.
The Sick aid Wounded.
The.carapaign may be expected to open
soon vey soon and no one can tell hew
far, or how cer, may be the field of opera
tions. Heavy duty may fail on this community at
any moment. '1 he tick and wouudel may
be brought to Ea'eijh froai several quarters.
It is necessary, therefore, to consider what ac
commodations we havo ; anJ whit we ctn
provide.
The Hospitals have not sufH:ient room ;
and the community must expect to furnish
the T'Xm .
O C 8e, otct will bo iwH-l to tV "Medl
Cal Directer, to make the necessary provis:oi;
and he will have no alternative, but to desig
nate the houses to be usod.
We have no dcubt but that Dr. Hires will
govern himself, as far as possible, by the con
venience and comfort of tue pullic. He will
tske such unoccupied houses as 1 e can find,
first. Next, he will take such places as are
leapt useful to the public if they are avail
able for his purpose.
In this ca'egory would fall stores, and of
these, liquor st res,&t5. After thOBe chur
ches, as being ouly usci at stated tim, and
not absolutely essential to the public comfort.
Then, Hotels, public schools ; and List of all,
private residence? the homes of families . It
may be, and in all probability it will be that
these last will not b? touched st all ; and very
pvssibly, neither of the lat classes. Bat iu
all probability, much room will be required
here ; and persons ns-y expect a call for the
surrender of all, down tsthe churches included.
Faniili s, too, will be expected to render all
the assistance in their power, and if necessary,
to take in the cooking for hospital establish
ments ; and otherwise contribute to the com
fort of the de'ender3 of the country. It is a
time when men will be tested by th-ir deeds,
acd the scrutiny will b-j close and exact.
The medical efficers will have a duty to per
form, which thy will do firmly acd discreet-
The ladies will again be in demand, and it
would he well for them to prepare to erganize
a thorough, iin ostentatious, p-actkal system,
to make their valuable aid effective. -
The house-wives in Raleigh must look to
the coming campaign with the anticipa
tion that it will bring demands upon their
usefulness and their supplies, such as have
not yet been made upon them. It would be
well for the staid and experienced rr at runs in.
Raleigh to begin a system of preparation.
We have recived notification that both the
Eastern and Western mail clones at eleven p.
m., nightly. We will be. compelled, there
fore, to ge to press earlier than sua!. Adver
tisers are hereby informed that they must
furnish advertisements fof publication in the
morning's paper, earlier than usual. From,
and after this date, we shall go to press at 9
o'clock, p. ns.i precisely.
Dangerous Sfokt. Persons, practicing
with a pistol in rear of the Methodist church,
in this city, on Saturday last, jepordized the
lives of the inmates of the Deaf and Dumb
and the Blind Asylum. A tulltt from that j
direction, penetrated one cf the rooms ef the
Institution in which a cumber of pupils were
seated Suoh carelessness, we think, should
be attended to by the proper authorities.
Gen. Jos. E. Johnston acd Gen. Braxton
Bragg were iu this city yesterday.
For the Confederate,
f fcv.rvV.ffce day and sow's the hou-,
P-ee the front of battle l.iwar;
See approach proud Lincoln's power.
Chains and siavery." '
- Well, the croakers have had their wish.
Commissioners have bee u sent to tre&i for
peac and they have returned with 'lidinrs
tint make the heart's bloodvf the plrfot rush
to the estrf.miiips, and fills hm'. with in
dignant iind firm -Tts Le t vanquish, ur
hanvht foes, rr t dttr in the effort. - Our
country is yet rct in resources, ruV.i ia all
the elements tuat constitute a form'dable.na
tion. Men in sufficient num"r-ers yet ramairi at
hfcme, to fi 1 up the Tanks of twr aroy, and
the fields of the South are feniie o ail the
productions necessary to feed them, whila
clotting can be made by the uncds of our pa
triotic women, equal to the wants of the gal
lant defenders of our hone? acd religious al
tars. Who cow will hesitate in regard to the
course of Iuty ? If any man now should talk
of our submission, kt him l-e " anathema
roatanatha."
But shall we still pursue the f!se pdlicy of
grantir g impunity to tories and traitors in our
midst? If We do we shall dishonor the names
of ocr fathers f the first revolution, and cunt
as naught the precious lives of tho thousands
who have already fallen in our defence.
George Washington, and his compatriots, did
not believe it wise or safe to tolerate tories
and traitors in ti c times of our first great
strugg'e'for independence. They deemed the
success of the cause pirauiount to all consid
erations of personal freedom of speech, and
accordingly, in 1777, they broke up, by rd-.r
of Congress, the Quaker yearly meetiTigs in
fl)iladelphia, and imprisoned eleven of tic
leaders for adopting resolutions unfavorable to
a prosecution of the war. Did any nation
engaged in a struggle for exi.-tt.-nce tor inde
pendence ever tolerate enemies to its cause
auv-ng its own people ? Never! Xever 1 L t
us, then, imitate the example of cur fathers,
and tegin anew our tff rts at national defence,
by stopping the mouths of traitors and t riei,
by enforcing upon them such penul laws a3
will secure either silence or tKtir biitisbrnent.
If any of our fellow citizens are so depraved
as yet to sympathize with our enemies, after
all of iur severe experience, let them be for
ced to hold their peace, or go among the peo
ple they love better than they do their own
countrymen. It may sem to some to be
harsh to coerce men to the performance of
their duty in this respect, but coercion is the
ordinary means of enforcing disagreeable dxi'
ties on men. Man is so depraved in his na
ture that, except in singular instances he will
not perform a disagreeable duty, unless coerc
ed t do so. Why should we hesitate ab mt
the matter f Is it any vvorec to subdue these
at home, who are traitors to our cause, than it
is to slay those wh are embattled against us
in the field ? War is a doubtful necessity,
even when justified by events ; but, like any
other great trial of life, it should be met in all
its appalling magnitude, with manly firmness
and christ'an philosophy.
If a citizen, whose natural duty it is to love
his ct uutry and defend it, is found recreant
in this respect he should be dealt - with like
any other criiuina1.; an be puuir-hed tor the
twofold purpose of correction of himself ; and
as a warning to others.
To man has an ut qualified risht to speak,
or publish what he pleases. Tho rights oJ
individuals are qualified by the interest and
well being of the c jmmuuify to which they
bslong; and if they claim o do any thing as
a matter of right ; they must show, that the
doiDg of it, will not be injurious to others
Every man, for example, has a right to trajke
tobacco, if ho so cbooses ; but if a fnp, under
approach a powder magazine with a cigar in
his mouth, he woi.ld be forced to return, or
wou'd be knocked down for his ncklessucss,
in endangering the lives of ethers, by the im
proper use ol one of his pnviiiges.
In North Carolina, it behooves U3 to look
to it pKmptly, that ur lives and fortunes are
nut des-troyed by a eluss of malignant P"li:i
cians, who to gratify old grudges, against the
Prr-flleni u! the Confederate States, and to
secure to themselves the eflS rs of the State,
are aiding and abetting Our brutal Iocs ; and
who odly lark the means 1 f equipment, and
a dariog aud adventurous leader, to induce
them to ori;anise and fight again-t us. as earn
estly as they now talk against us. The tories
of the era of '7G, were treated s public enemies.
The tories of 18G5 are worse men . th u
their predecessors ; and deserve a severer
treatment than the former received.
The outcry, against the suspension of the
writ of habeas corpus, proceeds, fcr tire most
part, from traitors at lu ait, wh i fear the just
consequences of their own wicked machina
tions Hgain,t their country.
We ii:usE be more united, or the corsequen
ces wi l be overwhelming. Patriots a ud tories
cannot live together iu such times as these,
with safety to the former. Fur it is ol the
very rature, of treason to abhor patriots ; and
tD wih to do them all the evil possible.
Nothing is more frequent than the expression
of the wish, on the part of out North Caro
lina tories, thai all the secessionists were in
hell
Independence and liberty are of inestima
ble value ; and to obtain them, no sacrifices
are too great. We are on the eve of the great
and final st uggle for their attainment ; and
woe betide the cravens and cowards, who stand
in the way of the champions of the sacred
eause. ' - Civis.
Deserters Shot. The artful deserter, well
known throughout this community, by the
tame nf Dial, accompanied by a young man
purporting to be rom Raleigh, by the name
of Fann or Fat, was arrested in the North
ern portion tf this county, on Sunday last,
and tor.h shot. The circumstances, as we
learn, are thess. The nsrtv was r!npd nr,rn
w j .j
while in the house of a friend and their sur
render demanded, which was at first naade,
but subsequently, while yet in the house, both
the parties sprung forward, one towards the
door, tf e other tne stair case, but instantly
Capt. Williams, an efficeron recruiting service
in the community, who was in commaLd of
the guard, fired upon Dial the ball taking effect
iu 11 10 iwii uifs auu yj ULviailii; , ao it is Blip-
posed, around the bene and passing out near
the groin. IiistanUy turning he fired upon
the other man, Fanu, the ball penetrating hiy
bovve's, and is believed to have inflicted a
mortal wound.
It has become a common occurrence for the
stage coach, on the High Point road, to be at
tacked, and any deserter that might be on
t'ai sporta'ion, turned loose. And the houses
of a number of persons have been entered and
their fire arms taken. .Madness seems to
rule the hour. The Legislature increased the
corps of civil officers in the county, but the
civil law seems to have lost its potency.
Western Sentinel.
3Iass Meeting in Warren. The citi
zens of Warren county will hold a mass meet
ing in Warrenton, ou Saturday, the 11th day
cf March, to consult together on the condi
tion cf the country. Gov. Vance, and oilier
speaker, are exoected to be in attendance.
Important to the Reserves.
The following important order, just issued
"by the Adjutant General, will Iks found espe
cially interesting to all those belonging to the
reserve forces. It will be seen that tho whole
business of enforcing tho eonsoript law is de.
voived upon them. We give tho general or
df;
"Adjutant & Inpect-r General's Offick,
"Riciimosd, Viboisia, February 23, iSCo.
"General Orders', No. 8.
"I. Gererals of reserves will immediately-
place upon acuva duty every rn-n telonitig
to that c'ass who is n-t specially detailed or
has n t been turned over to genera!" conimand
ing armies deiwrtmtsutH or districts. Thjy
v iil organize th,cm into cr-iwc ;icut boiiies,
snd will employ them vi;iro isly ia arresting
s and renaming to the army all deserters arid
1 absentees.
"II- T!i:s service will, for the p eeo., con
stitute the primary duty .f officers of the re
serve forces, and they will enter actirely npjn
it.
"III rrr era's of reserves will visit and in
spect the localities in which this force is most
needed, and can be most beneficially employed
and will give their peisooal atten ion to the
organization and t-pcrations of their trooj s in
carrying c ut thes. orders. They will report
twice a month to the Adjutant and In-pcctor-Geueral
(he number ol. rntn arretted and sent
by them to the a-my. '
'IV. Generals cominanding armies will re
turn to th egei erals of r serves lor this duty
all the receive frcesin active rcrv ce that, are
i-ot indispensably ne Hssary in the fi-Id.
"V. It is not " intend' d that thes-i orders
shall effec t the reserves employed i i guarding
railroad bridge.
"By or :er.
Sgnci 'S.COOPER,
"Adjutant and Inspect r G-neral.
Official: 11. L. Clay,
"Assistant Adjutant General. '
A Spartau Mother. -
The spirit of tae noble women of the South
isiliustrted in the following extract ot a let
tor from a Southern lady to a member of Con
gress, informing him th t tho remains of htr
only son, who fell in the battles b-jfore Rich
rm-nd last spring, had bet-n removed to the
family homestead for interment. All honor
to 'toe devoted women of our laud ! If there
be any who depair of the Republic, and lis
ten to the whisperii gj of c iwardice, and
sppak of submission and c -.-in promise, oiir'
ladies at least, stand firm amid the trials and
troubles tut. which they are exposed, lo. king
hopefully and confidently to the ultimate
triumph of our cause. Let time-servers profit
by their example.
'I leel much better satisfied sine I have
procured that preciot'.s body and had it in
terred near by ; though life cau never have
charms for me, as it ouce had. My noble boy
gave his life a willing sacrifice upoa the altar
of his country, atd hs precious b!o d flowed
free'y upon the battle-tield ; and shall it be
in vain ? Will it be unavenged ? Never, no,
never ! For he who taketh note 'of the fall
of a sparrow' h;Uh said, 'Vengeance is idn3
I will repay ' This thought is consoling to
my poor afflicted heart. I feel that ours is a
just cause, and that wc will succeed thut we
wiir establish our iudep ndence upon a firm
basis. I can never bear the hiea of living
under the same Government with our enemies,
aud there is no word in the vocabulary so
hateful to me as that one word reconstruction.
Would that it cru'd be blotted out entirely,
and never be breathed again by Southerner.
1 1 ail I a iloKn morn idi.h as dear to inn mm th
r.e whose loss I now deplore, proudly v-oald
I buckle on their armor, and with a mother's
blessing, bid them go and battle for their
country.'"'
For the Confederate.
Public Meeting in Nash.
A meeting of citizens of Nash, was held at
Arlington's, 00 ths 11th February, over whi:h
George Gardner, Sr., presided, and N. M.
Harris was Secretary.
On motion, a Committee of five, consisting
of C. C Bonner, H. G. Williams, M j. A. F.
Garrett, Dr. T. Drake and W. P. Sledge,
was appointed to draft resolutions, who repor
ted the following, which were unanimously
adopted :
Whereas, in an informal conferer-ce, be
tween Gorrmissioners of the Confederate
States and Uuited States, recently held, assu
rance has been given the S uth, that p ace
cannot be obtained short of unconditional
submission, and abolition ; and whereas, to
submit to such terms, would tot only be dis
graceful to ourselves, but wou'd be grossly
insulting to our gillant soldiers in the field,
and to the memory of thoso of our sons and
brothers who have given tht ir lives, a sacri
fice on the, ai tar b: their country, therefore,
Resolved, Tuat we spurn with indignation,
the degrading terms which have been offered
to us by Abiaham Lincoln ; and that for the
purpose of securing our freedom and indepen
dence, we consider no burden too on, reus, or
sacrifice too great.
llestited, That though we desire no further
shedding of blood, but ou the other hand, an
honorable peace a peace acceptable to all
honest men yet being ferced by the north,
against our will, to this result, we trust our
government and authorities will bring to our
aid every available resource in their power
for the achievement cf our independence.
Resolved, That we return our heartfelt
thanks to our brave and gallant soldiers, and
reprice to see that the spirit of those who yet
survive is still urdauoted, aud that the de
grading and insulting proposition of the enemy
to lay down their arms, has ut iuspired them
with renewed vigor and enthusiasm.
On motion, the Secretary was requested ts
furnish the proceedings to the Confederate
and Conservative, for publication.
GEORGE GARDNER, Chairman.
N. M. Harris, Secy.
jor Gen. Wilcox.
This distinguished officer has been spend
ing a few days in Raleigh, cn leave of ab .
sence. Gen Wilcox commands ons of the
inost gallant division of the army. His
carter has teen one of eminent and disi'n
guishedservice; and asa N( rth Carolinian, we
feel tne more pride in him, because h-a is a
North Carolinian, and pr. ud to aow it. Two
of his Brigades are Ncrth Carolina brigades ;
one, formerly the brigade of Gen. Branch, the
the other that of Gen. Scales. Both stand
high on the roll of honor.
Gen. Wilcox is hopeful and sanguine. He
bids the people be of .good cheer. The sol
diers will take oare of them.
The Houston papers say that the sugar
crop in Texas will not te as largo as was ex
pected; instead of thousands of hogsheads
there will be hundreds.
TEL.EMAMK:
kfoStsof the fbess association.
From ChcrAH't Scut'u I arolfna. .
fAYETTEVILLE, March 2. Keliable infor
mation from Cheraw, this forenoon, 6tates Sher
man is in that vicinity, with three .army carps.
Thev divided flt Ljnche's Creek, one. corps the
left wing, taking the Tiller's Ferry road, toward
Cheraw ; the others, crossing lower, down.
Skirmifhinc: with the fnemy was going on all
day of the 28th, near Thompson's Creek, about 4
miles from town. Prisoners were Deir.g brought
in in small quads. Oar cavalry were holding
the enemy in check. Troops hive gone out to
reinforce tose already at Thompson's Creek.
Further intelligence contraband, but not dis.
couraging.
From mchmond. .
HU HMOND, March 1. Three brigades of eav
airy were "reported moving on StauEton this
forenoon.
Gen. Singrleton arrived here last Bight and
took lodgiDgp at he Spottswocd hotel.
Ccnfcderatc Congress.
RICHMNI, March, 1. The Senatepassed the
bill authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
receive specie from several States, acd use the
same for the benefit of said States. Tie repert of
the committee ef conference on the currency bill
was concurred in. The Houje amendment to the
Senate bill authorizing the Secretary of Wat to
negotiate with the Governor's of the sever
States for slave labor, was concurred in.
In the Hous- J. T. Leacb submitted a resolution
recommending that Gen. Lee be clothed with
powers to treat for peace. The resolution waa
referred to the Military Committee. After some
time spent in secret setsion. the bill providing for
the payment of cotton purchased in Trans-Mississippi
by Government agents was further discuss
ed until adjournment.
RICHMOND, March 1.-The New York Her
ald of Monday contains nothing of interest.
Distinguished Arrival at FayetteYillc
FAVETTEV1LLE, March 4. Hon. Thomas
Connelly, a member of theBritish Parliament, ar
rived here yesterday, and took lodging at the
Fayettevilie Hotel. He leaves for Richmond to
morrow. Much speculation is indulged in, as to
the object of bis visit, Jut nothing reliable is
known.
Northern News.
RICHMOND, March 2. Northern papers of
the 28th received.
A Cairo telegram ef the 27th says the New
Orleans Times says a sensation rumor from Mata
moras asserts that the' Mexican Government has
forbidden clearances from Mexican ports, and the
United States Consul has been sent out of Mata
moras.
It is reported that six thousand mounted rebels
are in the vicinity of Mount Sterling.
Gold 203. .
From Pcter&burs.
PETERSBURG, March 3 There are no new
movements on these lines. The condition of the
ground is such as to preclude the probability f
an early action, though the enemy may attempt a
move at any moment. There has be-u three days
of uabroken quiet.
Confederate Congress.
RICHMOND-, March J The Senate passed the
House bill to change the mode of tilling vacancies
ions and regiments of the army ; also, the House
bill authorizing the promotion of officers fo"r dis
tinguished valor, skill or for competency or gen
eral merit; also, pnssed Senate bill, relieving
from duty in the hospitals, all stewards and other
male employees in hospitals, between 18 and 45,
who have not been disabled or declared unfit for
service.
The House adopted a resolution to adjourn,
with the consent of the Senate, on Wedaesday the
8th, yeas 31, nays 26.
The committee of conference on the currency
bill, was discharged from farther consideration of
the subject, which is equivalfcnt to its rejection.
Northern News.
RICHMOND, Mareh 3. Nothern papers con
tains army letters from Hatcher's Run, dated 15th
inst. which says : we are now under marching
orders, having received instructions to be ready
to march at a moment's notice. We expect te
have another tilt for the possession of the South
Side Railroad amd look for a heavy engagement.
Gen. Meade left Washington on Monday night,
on his return to the front.
Tennessee has ratified the new State Constitu
tion. A letter from Varina, in the Herald relative to
Gea. Singleton, says neither by word nor deed
does he permit in any nature or extent his mis'
sion to transpire.
The National Intelligencer says "we have
reason to believe he has gone to Richmond, net
upon private business, but to see what may be
done by him to bring about peace.
Gold in New York, 201.
European advices of the 15th ult., unimportant
Cordinal Wiseman is dying. The Confederate
steamer Olinde was last heard from at Ferriei
Spaip, and was there on the 10th.
The Confederate loan in London was ifty-four
to fifty-six.
From Petersburg.
PETERSBURG, March 5. Profound quiet pre
vails along the lines. The mud is considered the
deepest known in this portion of Virignia for
fifty years. The transportation of artillery and
aTt my wagons impossible.
Mr Jno Nash, aa aged and well known citixen,
was knocked down and robbed last night of $1009
and a gold watch. The party has been arrested
and the plunder recovered.
Confederate Congress.
RICHMOND, March 4Yery little business
was done in the Senate to-day, for the want of a
quorem. After the absentees were brought in, a
bill concerning Hospitals "was passed. The tax
bill was then further considered, and an unimpor
tant amendment passed j after which the Senate
went into secret session .
Fromilexlco.
RICHMOND, March 5. Advices from Mexico
say the siege ef Oazaca, terminated on the 9th
ult, by the surrender of the plaqe, with its re
publican garrison of 7,000 men, to Marshall
Basain, ia command, of the Imperial forces.
Gen. Dias was killed .-
Northern Ticws.
RICHMOND, March 5. Northern papers 2d
and 3d were received to-night.
The New Jersey Legislature has rejected the
constitutional amendment by a tie vote.
An official statement,-claims 450 pieces of artil
ery captured at Charleston.
filsitr. of the rernrl in r.iis...- ..
movement of Leo's army. ,ClItc
. The Yankee House of RePrei.cr.tati .
adopted an amendment to the civil an
hill, prohibiting arbitrary, arrests JT
trials of civilians. "l!lUrr
The comusitte.) on volunteering
city have been oflfcialiy notified that ubi
cruiting increases and men are put b f '
more rapidly, the draft will be commenced1
IVcin-Kurone.
RICHMOND. March 5- European ah
the 17th ult.. stmt thmt. Pari.i v.-. r'
n th 15th. 1
!otaincr important doinjr in Parliament
Blair's inisi-n mad- i c.im.ti ,n in fi
busin-SH circle?, and cu.nd a coni.WM a1
in cotton securities. Latcj news of the f"VB
ef the mision, produced reaction. Ulr
i ne itawi uimda, waj still at Ferroll.
The Prussian Chamber of Depute, in ,it
ministerial influence, passrd a resolution 5n' f of
of repealing all laws to
For the CoDfod..ra,.
Mr.. Editor I no'.e in youiimjr of tL
I that Gen. Hardee mves. as an I.,,.
no
1 I ilia
ilie n-n destn ciion ur noiwrmovil ftv
30 000 bales of cotton, at Savannah, tl at7j!
was stored in rei'ars and garret ;nJ ;
4,
Ltruction wouMhave in vol veil thatnf tl,.i. t
citv. Can any me re id thtsstatcm-ut with,
out a blush of shame for our oflioers, rUu,,
Wa cheek ? It ia not poshibl- ; I cannot think
that' General Uardfo; or m y other O 'rurj
would dare to allege such a false and b.il
les excuse. Savannah had been o-vupiedbv
our troops awaiting the approach of th..fmf
my for weeks U forehand ; and to allege t J
the cotton could not hi to been pulled out'of
the cellars, thrown out of the garrets, in
period of tiaie. and hauitd to m, x. '
where it could -have aifely l,a dctr ye'd h
to ii.snit tlie common suno of our ihvd'c
No, it was hidden from thefliecrK in coinmaQV
in order to sell to tie Yankees. aDd ri-lit
well have they ben served, by th. ir hsin" it
all, it flse Ih- ol.icvrs have grof-Vy faiieJin
tho;r du:y. Tins last i, I Jm Jr tl y
the most pr. bible, as had they 4ono their diitV
ti e cotton could im.i have beencunceal,.,j frum
their scrutiny. .While AiM-nki .... .1.: v
icct, let me rrriark. I sire . Lnfiv i t
just two w& ks ago, that not less than 15.0Q&
wirro conc'aie.1 in VilmirtI)t jf uht.
le.-s for the :.a!r,e purpose. The wrin-r touk '
V , . 0,uq u"al u,e vyr smthoritici
h.-uld be informed of it, that our Si.ito mit
bo sAved the disgrace of paying the Yan
kees lor ur own corfjust.
A C1TIZKX.
Election in Viuoinia The Richmond
hr.qturer. of tho 23d itst., aavg the Legila.
tuic of Virginia determined' yesterday by a
large n.ajVity, in both Hous-s, to hold the
clect:o-.. lor m mbera of Congress ou tho first
Wednesday in November.
OTIC .UNMV A Y ' SLAVE.
W as taken up, and committed to tha public jail
of Nash county, N. C, on the 1st dy ot March,
1665, a negro man who says his name i MILLl
KIN ; that be was raised byU. VV. liunn, tiq
of this county, and wa S'JU by Mr. Dunn, in
1802, to a Kichmoiid trader; that he was pur
chased in Richmond by one Capt. Joscpk Little, of
the 18th Mississippi liegiuient; and was carried
a a servant iu the araiy ; that bis raasler was
killed in the battle of Gettysburg:. P . d tht
he soon afterwards left and came back to his oie
neighborhood, and has bi-eu rr"niug there
Said boy is 28 years old, 5 fret C inches Lh;
weighs about 1C0 lbs., r&thcr stwut built, black
color; had on, when committed, common lifbt
homespun clothes, nd fur cap.
The owner of said boy will please corae forward,
prove property, pay charges, and tske Mm away
otherwise, he will be dealt with as tho Uw dl
rc. N. AV. COOPKU, Sheriff,
nnr 7-wG N..kIi cctui y, X. C.
rji A K E N ui
A COW came to my house on the 29th of last
March, and I suppose is tlic property of boh,
refugee from the lower counties. I want the
proper owner tcuie forward, prove property,
pav damages, aud Uke her away.
I live three miles from Uoon Hill Depot.
march 7-w3t ' WILLIAM RAINKS.
T MPOUTANT sTLiriVAlF
1 HEN COUNTY N. C.
I shall sell at public auction, at tho late reti
dence of my deceased husband, William Wilson
(3 miles south of Warrenton, on the Louisburg
road) on Tuesday the 21st of Mareh, the follow
ing property, viz . Two yaluable horses, 8 or 10
head of very fine cattle, a nu r.ber f ht.gs house
hold ancLjptchet furriture, 1 "no-horse wagon, a
lot of brandy, and a portion of merchandise, con
sisting of cotton' yams, cotton cloth, shoes and
other article, too tedicusjti mention.
Terms made known on day of tale
A. N. WILSON,
mar 4 2 taw wUls Administrator.
s
COTCII AND JIIGI1-T.0AST
SNUFF.
The " DIXIE LADY " Scotch Snuff, is manu
factured bv CLAUK & MILLER, Graham, N. C.
This finely livigated Snuir is manufactured of
the best materials, with a determination to make
it the best dentririce now offered to the public,
great care being taken to have all the ingredients
free from dirt or other impuritifs.
It is prepared under the immediate management
and supervision of a careful person who has had
much experience in the employ of the Lovillabm,
in their Snuff Factory, in New York Citv.
The HIGH-TOAST" is a Salt Snuff. Ah?o, pot
up in packages of half pound each, in boxes of
fiftvpounds, the justly celebrated old "STONE
WALL" Smoking Tobacco, aud CIGARS oftbo
finest quality that is put up in the Confederate
States, by II. J. U. CLARK.
jan I8-d2tawCw
D. O. Murray. 4. A. Moork. W. J. II a kch
D. C. MURRAY & CO., .
GENEHAL
AUCTION AND COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
FAYETTEVILLfc STREET. BALEIGII, N. C.
Having regularly commenced bufineps, solicit
consignments. They will attend promptly to tb
purchase and sale of all Goods, Stocks, &c, 1c.
BZFEREHCEI.'
C. Dewey, Cash., W. H. Jones, Cah., Raleigh.
Messrs. ilarris & Howell, Wilmington.
J. II. Lindsay, Cashier, Greengboro'.
D. A. Davis, Cashier, Salisbury,
T. W. Dewey, Cashier, Charlotte.
A. MoLean, Cashier, FavetteriUe.
James E. Cuthbert, Cashier, Petersburg, Vi.
Branch, Morton & Co., Richmond, Ya.
feb 8-w6t
R
U K A W A Y
Taken ud and committed to jail, in Concord,
Napojeon, in his speech at the oPeriB ef
French. Chambt-r did not rfer to the war i
couitry but represented the situatien of .V U
in Mexico satisfactory. "Miri
Cabarrus county, N. C, a negro boy who sajs
his name is JOHN SMITH, and says he behmgs
to Eliza Ellison and Willi an Canada, of Wake
county, and that he was purchased of Thos.
Smith, of Uyde county, about 5 years ago. Said
boy is about 20 years old, 5 feet 5 inches high,
slow of speech, yellow complexion, had on whito
cotton pants, dove colored casmcre coat; and
says he was hired last year to the High Shoals
Iron Manufacturing Company.
The owner is hereby notified to come forward
prove property, pay charges and take him away.
NT SLOUGH. Sheriff
feb l-w6ua of Cabarrni oouvtjn N 0.