THE CONFEDERATE.
A. M. GOBM.O & CO., Proprietors. '
TERMS": '
DAILY EDITION, for 6 months $12
T R 1-W S E K LY, for 6 months. ""."..""."""."." 7
' "3 .
WEEKLY EDITION, for 6 monthr."".""".".. 5
No suoscriptiona will b- received on any other
Wins than the above, "or fur a. longer or shorter
period.
THE' CONFEDERATE.
V.KUNKilJ.lY, February 17,1864
i-Mli-wing the unanimity and c rdial fn
tend y which signalized the act of secession
on tlio part of North Carolina,eame the.electioa
cf. U-presentatives to the Confede ate Con-gre.-v
at Kichmond ; aud in t;o political ac
tion ft r many Teni lias the absence of party
f fling l-t-tn nicre clearly derm rM rated than
vas i!i .'LP in this ii.f-tante. The li-t ran thus :
(.;... .rge 1) t vi-ij, W. Y. Avery,
Y. X. II. Smith, Ties, liuffin,
J. M. 3.!i rtl cad,
K. C. Pur v ar,
A T. Davidson.
T. 1. IcI.weiI,
A. W. Venable,
IJurton Cruise:
M.kii;ir (qunl number of each frrm the
..." robin al !: i izati-i s tl at to voice of
............ .i :. u .i ...
I) l' V II. i I l ' l l 1 " J '' " - OHWil WilS 11115
uy,;.t , vo.:..t U v th- previous and continu-
m - ,a. to . f i :.i:v. tin tu the Oth of June,
; i Hi ', a.'
!
the taction of tie i
( . '!.. -!.: ! ! 1" :-p the piai-
of the
(', .v :,. n a. i jac tr.!it to tie larc
' i. t.'ty v i.o wcie i:n.i g at tl.e pn d of the
1: true intei v;os ( f djvfi;s:un occurred.
a: : ti.e t.i.d.!d is ..ot free ft on. resj-onsibili- J
:v i i ti.e v o'ii.t ;i;tv sjiiit th-r.after en-
r :'t r. xi, but in No-n;l- r, 1.0J, reeuriing j
lo :':i s ' r.t of g od feeiiiiLC.'' and aiA nated by j
a !.a oiilie ; i d jt;st sen.-e i t n t rit, ti,e legisla- j
tu: o it: "ii.ly u'i un i:.ino i v.N aco nled
its v. i;. in it. !. d ot ti' t ti' e to Pu sick i t Da is
ai.'l G'.vtn.'.r Vat ct thns advanciig to a
c n.rm n gr- v, t
n.igij'. meet and
, where I al sympathy
: hat ge gr.ttings. And
this re-union f jdl p-srties, in a ublishet.l
Cetiinif rid:iti"!i o t'ne two Governments, was
aj j r ve 1 by the Standard, and carried to the
jfoj lean imen ef r.T.ity nt.d eorcord, at
ti.ee aeeeptable at d thitrir g. Why is not
tiiis the policy of North ' Carolina tlos day?
11 -v much more potent does, she stand in her
str-i.gth. when she stands nt:it d w hen no
1 'en.ish n.ais the swiniutry of her propor-
'1 i.e pr.st t ee of the invader Lis ruthless !
wart'art his unscrupulous strategy, ami his
I
(i 1 ;;i ai vtj te, invite ti.e junction of all
o-.r it ergits and ti.e union i f all nir force,
'lie ;.! not s ixainpie. tf oi.r troops iheir
1 vr ;j e; onranre, th. ir unrepieing subinis
si' ii t lr.nj:er aui loi', their bold and patii
.' ic re- n'istnu tit all appral against dissen
si' 'Ti and dhisioi. Lit the croaker stand
iii'ash.d in the presence of tl.is uitrli ncTii i ier
t : li'v. Let tl.e weak-kneed borrow
I;. are
ew.Pi'd s ti.i ! film n the hato
iron, this m.inly oi-ph.y ol forti.ude and
Miei .-th. I.e' the keen critic, on his fat ,
Oia' .eks, s;t si er ctd 1 1 h re this ( Uthuist of I
sub! iii- ir.sj iiati ;. tie x tort inner let go
1. - i. ! '., in tier fare ol' thu wealth of patti-
.. virf.ie. L-'t hirn who wiite wrdsotdv in
t -.Tj-'-irv, , i , , . 4 rttiel (It spi 'TitlvfiCe, aixi
in'.ih .tin-j, at: i 'a::! re, dip his pen in this
cum n: of true p.ti ioti.-m. and language, of
i I i : -liiit. el-'thiiig senlin.ei ts of hope,
eta--'tifageTi.en?, .ippianse ; and success will
t' fr in its point; .is heart will be irn-
pr.jMtl; his n,:iure eler itctl; his couniry
i e:.t fitted, and the brave soldier doubly re-
v.ar.l. tl. iu tl.e trie.mph of his virtue al home
ari,vit t"ty up"ti the field.
Tht n North Carolina will be re-f;stablisht d
hi h r own g'--l oj'inion an ! iti the esteem of
le r sisters. N- voice cf Mispici-ai will tlare
a-.iii her. l!.r rccrtl will spe.k in her
I- h. '.'. a nd tie nations will say Amen!
wi.t n I r v wr:t her renown.
W e r t .rn thai ks to a coiifsi)t ni'oi.t f i r
tt:r;.ihit!g us wt'h an account vf th.e recent
1 r;.it i:.t affair at S nithttehl, : bur tiaving
p'.a-l-.jhrtj fill p.irf.t u! .i- of it alre.i l v, there is.
n i nect ; : v l' r.i r ; . t i t ": .n of thewn. We will
te p.. a.-nl P i,e:ir fr. ;: . ur fiiend whenever he
has a: vi! n;g to roiun.in.icate. An untinis!.
.l ttv;fte r.ote in i.i !t er i a c 1 U'S t !l ll he
i!;t-ia; ,1 it.. .-;i n.on.-y th. it in. There was
nu: e ;:i il wa -l it r - 1 t ur h-iuds.
'1 i.e B.i;ie Agt nt on tne U..h igh am; G is
t 'i. Railroad, wh . h..l th.irge of the in ti's on
Tiiis iay last, on which day ti e CnJ'-'lcrate
thii not reach its subscribers, informs lis that
tt.e ei lire mail from . ur oiliv-e returned from
Jtfhtnontl, the next day ; and k must have
I. n p:ace.l in a baghibeie.1 "Kiohtno-.d," and
liiusstn: fronrtlie Po-t C'tlice here. "Ye
iti "w mistjk.s are liable to happen in the lest
regulated cstab is'.n cntrf a: d while wc arc
w; :i:g to make all le aMowances, we hope
a!, t:.e Post O;;.io tinploytes will try and pre
v. ;.t s '.ch totiii.ing errors in future.
TiiF. L'liiLi'KK.s's F hi end. We are i; -deb:ed
to "the Presbvterian Committee of
i' .i'liiati.'ii, lI!chii.o:al, Ya.,"' fr a file of i
' ' ' :
ti ; interesting little ii;!!ication for the ju- I
1 J. j
v.i .i ,s of the country. It is especially de- ;
ed for c.r.-ulation iu Sabbath Schools. It j
is
t admirably a.lapvd to the little ones j
;n-.ructive and entertaining, Biet free frnm
sa :ar; tinsin, so fir as we have been able to j
' si; r. Term Ui) copies of each monthly
iss sent fr a year to one a hlress, 40. cents
load oilers, oO cents a year per J
e "py. A.: :. C-iildren's Friend, Box !
- i ....
1 -I 7. Wxl.i..
Tii,; Cv.i.uv in M:sistppi ias been di- j
vlltd into two parts; ail north of Grenada j
a-din West Tennessee is under command of i
Mtjor General Forrt ; all so th of an ima-V- I
i-.rv- Ii:jf running ihn.iii 'h Hrf-n.U njet on.i ;
" x.tv auvi :
..nd in Louisiana, is under curamaud of
J r General S. D. Lee?. General Forrest's
Le , Ji;' iters will be at Como, in ranola couu
ty, and General Le's at Jackson.
''ir Pkesident's Home. The -homo of
i'resi ient Davis aud his brother Joe, in Mis-v---'i'pi,
is now iu the hands of the Yankees,
ii.ey have cctivrtd it, say thir papers, into
a r.egr j camp. The estate was once highly
improve.!, but it is now iu mournful ruius .
li it uur President has a home in the hearts of
i-is c "iiiitiymen that will never be destroyed
tven by the ravages of time.
W If K
VOL. 1.
Th? Standard of the 2nd inst., substitutes
for an ordinary editorial, a Dialogue between
two imaginary persor.s h m it is pleased to
style ' Conservative " and " Destructive." As
perhaps herafter the Standard intends to ap
peal :or tiial of its sentiments from its ed
itoriaU to these diahgyesfit is weH to bestow
notice upon them. " " Conservative " is under
taking to explain to 44 Destructive" how that
the Convention proposed is innocent in its ob
jects, and may be useful in its results, and to
this end he sits tut with" the assurance that it
is wanted "mainly ftjs tl.e purpose of taking
steps to obtain peace " by negotiating, along
with the other States, or joining the common
Government in negotiation Unfortunately
f r " Conservative, " no other State consents to
j. in it in the trovement. So far as the Voice
'f the other Stales are heard through tbor
; VTn a,ltI Pubiic ..theyare wholly opposed
j v M,ch State actioa- The common Govern-
"s 11)1 DCCU ue aul OI a estate U.nven-
t ti"n LccaUs:c l,J t'' Cttrstitutic-i it already
lilfs inserted in it the power of neirotiati' n
' ot in ass.M iation with the Slates, but sep
arately and above them ami s far as sug
gestion of terms is concerned, the Government
can more readily attain the. views of each
State through its public presses and 'represen
tatives in Congress. B-side?, the President
has made three efforts to negotiate : one by
sending two Commissioners ;. one through an
eminent officer whom he sent into the enemy's
lines after tl.e battle of Manassas, and the
tiiird through J,t. Stephens all of which
efforts were ntived with contumely by our
foes. And since then, the Lincoln Govern
ment has not only given no evidence that it
wouhi receive a proposition to negotiate, but
both its Pi t side nt and Congress have rep ated v
declared that they wouhl hear nothing s'.ort
of abject submission. All tins" Conservative '
kiiows to 1 c ti ue. Unless, then, he is pre
pared lo submit to Federal rule relii.quish
indej end -nc and receive the voke his Con-
! vention srjis totcanh cart will result in a
i dead halt.
But Conservative " does not rretend that
separation and independence re the onlv
terms he would receive. By necessary im
plication he admits there is something short of
this that he would acept :- " the very besf
that we can set v sofriftl.it j ss jroml than
we could have gotten "twelve months ago."
Now, anything, no matter irhuf, sort of sep
aration " and independence." involves t!.e d"-f-truciion
of the Confederate nnverrunnrd, and
either reconstruction or sul iurr ition. Seeincr,
then, that the Standard and " Conserve' I vr .-.
arP hrnth 1;nitPf ,,y a chr)- .
tl,p Stan1,rd is to fake ten' hmv.
-r ' cV.-. ...
ration and independence t e Standard com
mits itel f to one or the other alternative, of
is addeil tie further epirnn cf " Conferva -tive,"
that the pmr-ocp,! C -r rent ion is to be
a " sovprt-icrn potver " o pn-teet. the State
against the encrachiron's of its own ajent
anl the oti er Siamese (the Standard) hai-insr
already arnounced that th " people in their
sovereign capacity are ab nt to take their
flffa'rs into their nwoifapds." and if anyl iwor
authority of the Confederate Government
stan Is in the way, " to break it like a pip
ftem " that the time ha arrived "oelck
tie tiaurpations of the Oowrnmpnt." and that
North Carolina will oflv remain rne " so
In?i as she remair-s in the C"nfp'pracy ard
when .he joj on t that the " kev-stone will
fall and the reh tumble ;", when to this is
added, that the Convention is to acser t'tat
" the suspension of the hnhen.t rnrpnx would
si'opeo our Judges woo W(
can nor submit to it ;" or " vit have .lecfroved
our militia svstem
and vou
now propon conscript ail our males from
1C to 50- we cannot submit to that
i
; When to th;s it is ndrleJ. that the enmv
j deduces from the Standard's wri'imrs, that it
j bears hostility to the Confederacy anil is
seeking to break it tip -and so publishes:
! When to tins added that its associates,
j newly elect to Congress, write that " forlvar
j ancetowards our Government is no longer a
virtue'' that it is a despotism"to be resisted.
: and the time is come, and convention is the
! mode ; and these writings are sent to th.e
S'andard for publication, and thsy are pnb
lished with editorial eulogy of the writers' :
When to this is added, that all the meetings
assail the Government in lik terms - as a
tyrant amh despot and ure resistance by
! the exercise of State sovereignty, and in ;io
sincle instance, hy resolution or speaker, is any
j aid to the Government offered or hintel at :
When to th is is added, that leQerffr f hor
i.. i - i j- i , ,
known to be tones and. d'sloyal such as
pu. t r- ,c. . x- i " .
i nas. J. roster, now in Newborn practicing'
1aWtJtvh has a professional cfrd referring for
;h nnalifictio to theeditor of the X,nr.UrA
wllCn afj hail (he Standard as their organ and
exponent :
When to. this is ad.led. the dread and ap
prehension in which the Standard and its as
sociates are held by good and loyal papers
and good and loyal men in this State and in
alh the Confederacy : "
j When all this is summed up vith" the ad-
dition that" Conservative " and the StamUfd,
no longer twins, but now blended into one and
tne sarne being propose to take "steps " to
peace on the terms " the very best (thev) can
eref worse " than twelve months an 99
- -r ' r
perhaps better than .twelve months hence.
What can the Standard -expect but that ve,
and all reasonable men, should reach the con
clusion that it and its Convention mean sepa
ration frrm the Conftdracy, and the perfor
mance of the " hard work to save slavery on
any terms " or in other words, re-uuion,Tf
possible, with the enemy.
It is in vain for the Standard to cry -jfersccu-tion.
We do ne t as-ail it socially, and do not
mean to. Ye condemn threats of personal
violence and in doing so, we are obliged to
condemn tlj,e Standard, who but the otj.er
day threb?n,d some citizen with a mob of its
RALEIGH,
indignanffriends. We support the law. .At
present its arm is withheld. We trust it need
not descend on any one. We shall never in
voke it but in behalf of the pjiblic safety.
As there is no reason for the Standard's cry
of persecution, so there is no justice in it. Iif
the course of an editorial life ol twenty years
the Standard has alike assailed and applauded'
every man of political fame in North Carolina.
It has not hurled its blows against an ad versa-'
ry with mildness ; few partizin papers sur
passed it in ferocity ; the only soUe it can
take when it reflects upon its assaults on the
good .and upright of the State is, that if for
party purposes it has assailed one to-lay, a
change of its position has enabled it to ap
plaud him to-morrow. We do the Standard
the justice to belipve that its heart was no
more in one case than in the other the pen
in both instances speaking only the voice of
the politician. But die Standard is estoppvd
from. crying persecution, by the practice of it
for twenty years, on every political man and
every political party.
Bright and Brightenins.
While dissatisfied and disloyal men at home
men who hnm not struck a blow at the enemy
during the war, but having , the opportunity
have avoided it, and taken to the wagons men
who have not suffered au exposure have not
felt a want, but have been all ti.e while snugly
fixed, out of danger, and are grown fat and
sleek while this class of men are aud have been
grumbling, complaining and abutting while
they have exerted to their ujmost all their
powers to discontent and dissatisfy the soldier,
and thus open to the euerny the pathway to the
vitals of am land while these baneful persons
have been desiring the actual disbandment ef
the army, and its reorganizatioa in the spiing,
the soldier himself, inspired by the noblest
emotions, and anticipating the necessities of the
nation, has repelled the base seduction "get
thee behind me, Satan" and with enthusiasm
enkindled and spreading, has re-enlisted for the
war spontaneously and voluntarily has devoted
himself anew to the cause aud to the indepen
dence of his country. They come, these men of
chivalrous patriotism, by Brigades and Regi
ments wh le soukd and determined ; as flush
of hope and full of purpose as when the war
cry first resounded iu the land. All hail, these
joyful omens! Sink lower and grovel deeper iu
the dust, ye tame submitters, who would have
invoked the soldier to discontent, and urged him
to an abandonment of the country al its most
needy hour. P.i azen as ye may put your front
upon it, ye are marked nd by no brum more
intensified than that which the soldier is now
putting upon your conduct.
Let the faithful laborer in the good work
rejoice. In the armies of Generals Lee, Long
street, Johnston, Beauregard ail along tt
line the true heroes of the war are renewing
their vows .. f levotij.
Float the anner8--ro!l tin? drum
The country calls they come thev come.
The Alexandra.
As we predicted last fall in the Congressional
canvass, the Courts of the higher jud catuie of
England have sustained the decision of. the
- Lord Chief liaron, in the case of the Alexandra,
and this long detained vessel now goes free;
and the New Yolk Chamber of Commerce may
howl again cvej another pirate turned loose
upon the scas. The Emperor of the French too, -has
sent down to Callais, to let go the Bappa
hannock and thus two bull dogs are un
muzzled upon the Yankee Curs. This decision
virtually decides the case of the iron-clads, and
thesuiiust e-ume out too, uulls Earl Bussed
shouii deter:uit in his obsequiousness to
Seward to hold on to them, and apply to Parlia
ment for an amendment to the foreign enlist
ment ict. We are not urc that this is not the
more desirable course for us. There is scarce
an act on the statute book of England more
obnoxious than this same act, which are oc
casions of wars between o reign countries in
terdicting so many occupations aud militating
so many important interests. Ti.e heavy dam
age too, to tie now ex icted from the Govern
niei.t for the detention of the Alexandra, will
not, aiMyiigthat practical and economical people,
add to the popularity of an act of Parliament,
which thus doub y mulcts their pockets. We
are satisfied pom cur own observation, that no
amendment to' increase the stringency of this
law can possibly pass the House of Commons;
and if Earl Puissell and the Ministry put them
selves on this plea before the Parliament, they
are quashed beyond redemption.
With all Englishmen who love the honor and
dignity of their Government and value their
national interests, this ought to he a 44 con.
summation most devout.y to be wished " while
to our cause, it would be the precursor of Re
cognition. Let no man talk of what we have lost, says
the Constitutionalist. Let all men think and
speak of what is. not lost. By setting a proper
value on what retnaiws, we can intensify its
capacity a hundred foid. All admit that we
are fighting a colossal power under great dis
advantages, but the very moral of the war is
Couched in thus grand fact. If. flushed with
resources, we could conquer and crush our in
solent foes, it might not prove a Providential
result. If we bafllo them it wih he the best
discomfiture that American tyranny can re
ceive. And, beyond doubt, we can utterly
thwart their schemes of sensu-d aggrandize
ment and triumphantly secure our indepen
dence. The work is nearer completed than
we know. Nevertheless, the great sacrifice
the final offering of property, ease, luxury
manhood is now steruiy asked at our hands.
If we meet the demands, then 1864 will prob
ably Le our year of jubilee.
We call attention to -the artWe in this
paper from the London Times. It is indeed
a ray sunshine, and should inspire every man,
woman and child with cor.fidjnce in our suc
cess. "None but a elhronic grumbler will
croak over misforMn s, which, without vrtajly
damaging t.ur resources, have developed our
virtues, and made our people a bright and
chining light to the nations of the world."
fM
WEDNESDAY, . FEBRUARY
It is but natural and just to suppose that
the President of the Confederate StatesRal
his Cabinet, before recommending to Congress
the measures nectssary for ihe defence of the
nation and the proper means for carrying those
measures into effect, have t iken the best and
wisest conrisel tW they could procure. Their
individual interests are identinVd with the Con
federacy. Its success will be their glory; its
downfall their destruction. We may take it for
granted then, that the Military bill prepared
upon this joint recommendation, embodied the
opinion of the highest, the ablest and the n,it
competent minds "in, the army. That, that
great officer, Genen 1 .Lew, and those other
compeers in ability and patriotism Geffcrals
Johnston, Beauregard. Polk, Longstreet and
others, have nil been consulted, and that
the plan of strengthening., the' army and es
tablishing th system -5T defence has been
matured under their advice. m'e wish now to
put a plain question of common .sense : which
is the more liKejy to know the necessities of the
country, those who are daily studying these
necessities wlfti have opportunities for- more
full and better information or.'tho people who
remain at home editors, speculators, princi
pal of substitutes, critics who never fight, but
descant on how other people ought to do it ?
As a matter of plain icason tieic can be no
doubt upon the question. Surely, tjiey wl
lead the armies, who have daily reports of
ti.e number of, thei: men and the. effective
j strengdi of their comm unis, they ho recon
noitre the enemy, lean, his strength, rind cut his
plans, and come to the possession of his method
of putting them in execution, surely, with all
these opportunitw's. thev knov far better than
we here at home, what "force .is necessary .to
meet the preparations of the foe.
Another question f vhtfrh in the more in
to, ested to decide th'su matbrs rightly? Li
one tense. w e are all equally interested for suc
cess ensures tlje independence of all gives us
a speedier peace, and bestows upon us the
blessings of liberty. Iu another sense, they,
our military commanders and soldiers, hate a
deeper interest than we have who are not ac
tually in the ueld Tney are immediately in.
face of the peril they buffer tie rigors, en
dure the privations ami fignt the battles of
the war ilry tnak no profits and they re
ceive no gains. Thcpiide of victory is their
reward : the humiliation of def at ther punish
ment; tLejfSfauliiin.iU: h pe, the gratis tide oi a
liberated people. Divides, the main bud)' of
the critics at home are not disinterested. It
r.inks aie filled up. it must be by incorporating
'themselves; and this thuy are averse to. If
the conscript a0 is- extended, manv must
exchange the comforts of home for duty in the
fie'd. Principals, v ho havo been already
ha.i'lsoUiely requibd. must meet the ueectity
and 'fhoiilt1. r arms. There is no danger ei:h-r.
tint tlnj.e cii.iiiRist men ho ad ie the
passage of a strong .VPiitary llil1, will hazard
i t'.er in'en -sts f.r the s-.k; of nu'in rica! force
iu the army. Tney u.i l.;rstaiid tint n vus-ity
of leaving farmers to tilt the soil ami pro
vide the necessary foot; rncihaniiS to cairv
on the trades neces.-ary to the comfort ot
army and people; what State officers arc
needed Jor the performance of public duties ;
and there is not the slightest danger that the
public in teres' will ba sacrifice 1 in niy one ol
these particulars. 0. the contrary, by en
trusting the head of the G ivernment with the
-ftower of detail, and for limited times, many
vx;.tU'i!S questions will b-? a folded the
tl chojf" iciil be. uinnoud fiom tw itkal"
and while useful men at home will be left iu
their1' avocations for the public . bent fit, the
useless will be put in cim;). The lathers who
have sons iu the field; the wives who have
hiii-bands, all who have relations ami friends,
are deeply interested to aid iu sending all to
share the perils and strengthen in battle
the hands ol their dear ones who have all along
been ri quired to fight against too heavy odds
The soldiers need he. p. They c ill r it.
As their friend we cill for it hi th'-'ir behalf.
Let no one bt left at home icho is not more useful
Ae0. The soldiers will appreciate this legis
lation. Cortgress will ram the everlasting
gratitude of the soldier, if it legislates to in
crease the number of our troops as. much as pos
sible. And the parents.and famiSie. ,and kindred,
and friends of the soldier will rejoice at the
act. No one is the soldier's friend who throws
obstacles in the. way of this necessary and
just legislation. We wi.l recur to this subject
Correction. Iu our article ou44 the Alex
andra " yesttrday. an awkward typographical
blunder occurred. Tne sentence commencing
"'There is scarce an act on the s atute hx.k
of Knglaiid more obnoxious than this same act,
which are occasions of icttrs between foreign
countries i uteri acting, " &c, should have
read " There is scarce an act on the statute
took of England more obnoxious than this
same act, which on occasion of war between
foreign countries interdicts so many occupa
tions and. militates against so many important
interests' The error occurred in the failure
to properly correct the pi oof stint.
tfe regret to learn that Mr. .Lewis II. Pad
gett, of Beaufort County, who has been serv
ing the peop'e-of Beaufort and Hyde as -volunteer
mail agent, conveying, papers, letters,
supplies, &c, to ami from the. soldiers aiid
their families, Las been taken from his useful
and benevolent work aud ordered into camp.
Mr. Padgett was in the service for some
time, until seriously wounded. Alter his re
covery he devoted himself to the business re
ferred to, carrying papers and frequently five
to six hundred letters per week. His absence
will be seriously felt, for without some mail
line of thOikd it will be impossible for the
people of Beaufort Hyde, anuWhc lower part
of Mai tii to communicate with their'relatives
in the army, or send them supplies. We con
cur with the Spit it of the Age that it is a hard
caso, and nothing Would gratify i-he people
of the Counties referred to more than to have
Mr. Padgett detailed to resume his former
work. '
FflfMTE
17, 1864.
Oar Recent Sttecetfie.
fa the interval between the projection of
campaigns and the putting of them in execu
tion when general advances of the oppoking
armies are forbidden by iheconvAtion of the
roads and the state of the weather our various
command hare not rested idly iu whiter
quarters.
We have the pleasure of chronicling various
important and brilliant successes, showing the
metal of our oldiers and the skill of their
commanders. Gen. Longstreet has effectually
pushed the enemy back into Knoxtille and
closed Um in there with his hospitals crowded
with small pox, 'dependent on long lines of
transportation for his supplies; while our
troops are m possession of the itch valley
around Russellsville extending towards the
Cumberland Gap. That veteran and inde
fatigable officer, Gen.- Early, is doing indus
trious service in the valley, having captured,
by the Yankee accounts,-500 or GOO prisoners,
horses, cattl- and supplies. Gen. Rosser, of
,the cavalry, has just taken ninety-three
wagons loaded with commissary stores, and
sent in fifty of them, with seventy prisoners,
twelve hundred cattle and five hundred sheep.
The reconnoisance towards Newbern, was
successful in capturing three hundred or more
prisoners, in killing and wounding over a
hundred ithe euemy, in dtytroying a power
ful gun boa', in breaking up the Railroad be
tween Newbern and M orchead city, and in
securing valuable supplies. C1. Jordan's
Command of the North Carolina Ifcist, tiiah r
Capt. Stuidiva .t, has met one of those awful
gunboats, in fir fight, and totally destroyed it.;
capturing a handsome string of Yankees, and
solving the question of the vulnerability of
these dreaded monsters. Altogether, these
desultory movements are highly favorable in
dications the harbingers, we firmly believe,
of grandtr and more enduring success.
The Co'ifi-dcrate l.au.
In close association with tl.e good news of
the decision of the English C"tirt in favor of
thev Alexandra and the release of the Bp
pahannock, by order of the Etnp-i-or, is the
rise of tlie Confederate loan in the stock inar
ktt of London '1 his stock had been htavily
depressed by ihe fa' I of V'icksburg the il
ure at Gettysburg, an I the rnvvd tf our
army back into Virginia. Charleston, too
was cl- se!y beseiged. ?u.d it was'sca ice tlei m
ei possible, that sh e u! 1 ho! 1 nut, nffPr the
enemy got fo ,ih ! ' on M nis I laud
and brout.h't t., bear his immeiu-e free of
iron cl ads. But Beauregard has conducted
the de'e ce ; Charleston is still free fiom. pol
lution. Batt'. red ami beaten, the iron mon
sters have hauled i ff, and Ktigla-nd has heard
Wlu ir confess'on of disaster and dt feat.
There is a firm coo ve-th.n in thy European
mind, that our iudep tnlence will be sehiev' d
.That most s-1 sihlc and seinsi ive ni' lllUt f
con metciaL s c.eiy co'ITal is confident of
i ur success, an.l tnis-ful of air hones.! v. ' T;.e
C -tot'derate loan at fifty dollars in gold, in the
London niaiket, is equal to one ihousmid
do'hvs here; and thus is English capital
most plainly xprcssiiig its faith in our pow
er ami i ur will to rid ein, our national o'!i
rations. While narrow-minded motley holders here
aro afraid to touclv Confederate Bom Is peo
ple over three thousand miles .hence
thoroughly versod as t our political and mil
itary status make them a. matter of dailr
negotiation paying for them in specie the
value of one thousand dollars of our currency
for a Li ud of one hundred dollars.
It is high firm for our own people to learn
wisdom : the day is not far distant when he
wiil be a fortunate man who ran fold up his
Confederate Bon. Is whe the hoarder qf rl ur,
and corn, and pork, and bacon, will mourn
and lament that he did nyt sell them for Con
federate money ami turn that money into Con
federate securities.
If Congress docs n t meditate the most
wanton felo de a",, it i I hasten to catch up
to the popular demand, and bring these times
on. s
We must invoke the protection of tho Post
Office Department al Richmond against the
imposition piactised upon us in the deli very of
The Cunfeelerale to its subsriibers. A day or
two ago we complained ab ut the failure to
del'.v -r the paper at the Post Offices along the
R. Sr G. Riilroad on Tues lay of hut week.
One of the Route Agents lays the blame on the
P. O. in this oil v. What av thoe who make
up the mails here ?
On Monday 'ast tl.e package of The Con
federate for Forestville was nt dcliveied
.Whose fault was that? Vekuow".it was put
in the P 0. here hours befote the train left. -
On Saturday 'ast at Hiilsbor,,' , and perhaps
Greensboro', the Daily Con f Aerate for Thurs
day, Friday and Saturday were ail delivered
at the same time.
s
There must be gross mismanagement or
wanton neglect on the part of employees in
-the Postal arrangements, or these outrageous
blrnders (;f not intentional mistakes) could
not occur. We have gorre to great expense
jiiid labor to get up our establishment, and
the utmost pains is taken to supply our rapidly
increasing list of subscribers with the paper
promptly and regularly ; and we will not sub
mit to be thwarted in this purpo-e by the
wicked designs or culpable negligence of those
whose duty it is-to attend to their delivery.
We call upon Postmaster General Reagan to
ferret ' out the guilty parties. Wo- do not
positively know who they are, but if asked for
our opinion, we -shall not hesitate to give it to
-the Department or its Agents.
P. S. Since the above was in type, com
plaints have reached ns also from Coarlotte of
three issues of The Confederate being received
by one mail ; ami from Fayettevillc that the
paper is almost always one day behind lime.
The remedy for this mismanagement will be
applied in a few days
it.
We will not submit to
NO. 3.
Bright and Brightening.
Th,e release of o Alexandra and the Rap
pahannock the rise of the Confederal loan
to fifty dollars the confident tone of the
Knglish press in our favor, ami the glorious
re-enlistment going on through all oar army,
the return ot the absent aud the filling up of
the ranks, are not all the glad signs ot the
times now reacting on the popular hearty
The evident contrast, dark and portending
on the enemy's side of the line, gives to our
iight a, brighter lustre. Read the following
from their own sheet, of. "II .w they raiite
Troops in the North."
From the Jfew York Herald.
How They Raisb Tros iW the North.
When the facts in regard to tne mode of
procuring vclunteers, white and colored, in
tbis city and the cuaatry dhrtrict. are made
known, the public will be forced to recognize
a picture beside which all that Ciarkmm and
Wilberforce once declaimed about the horrors
of the slave trade, will be (cTgotten. "Ho
cussing," or the administration of drinks con
taining narcotic poison, has been for months
one of the ordinary method of promoting
enlistments.' False representations of every
variety have also been in use, and in many
cases' the recruits have been compelled to
swear in under threats of physical violence iu
case of refusal.
N is this the worst. Between the volun
teer brokers ami "certain of the authorities
there is at least piiiwt ficic evidence ot some,
thing like complicity in a scheme f fraud,
themcst cruel, rutnhss and gigantic that
modern dns have witnessed. In aln.t
rvery s'reei of our city, paren's are lament
ing the euhstmeiit-of theii hapless sons, mere
boys, between fourteen and seventeen years of
aop, who have Ik-cii m vledru ik a .d iheti.en
listeil and robbed of every dollar their It aiu
ty. Cases are on record, iu which iM, grey
hea.ied men, tottering on the vcrg- of the
grave, have been can ied; while intoxicated, to
a barber's shop, their hair dyed, their gi-ntral
appearand spruced up with some s mhlance
ot fifth nun juvenility, and then enlisted,
thtir b"im!y m ney being the rewird of the
ptr ots ttigigt-d in this honorable business.
Cripples, w th ruptures, iiernia, varic se veins,
-pnltnoiiary diseases, broken l gs, hmktit arm-,
toothless, ch-af, half sightless, htluchba ked,
wry net ked, half lingt-i lcss.deerepit m i-'iotic.
hiveU-en received into the service of the
United States in certain of the rura! district,
the brokers in these cai s seldom givi g their
victims more than twmty tr"thirty dollars out
ftiireeto five hundred dollars vvhi h they
have received f-T them through the criminal
negligence of the town or local authorities.
Whit a horrible piciare of frad. wicked
ness and debauchery. Wdl IVivldence fur
ther uch a cause ? No christian will fear it.
Bit this is not all: No volunt-.-er tnlist-
! n"'"ts "rt U"'1' "
th'-ir arii y. Whole
tht isi .ns aro being mulered u: win. refuse
to re-enlist, and those who are retained are
bought by the most exorbitant - bounties
from $800 to 1 1,000.
. hen the motive to fight thus bee ms
Mo.'i'y m r.riary, eu rago take its tl -part-
ini. I i tlu face of ur .st. I lifi-t, li -! mikI
faithlul, lih'ii g only for country. di.s 1 liiiful
if-'aio, t cpol;r'i abo.t it inn-.l bec.au,
only f.n I to- g i 1 -r.
Li inj .von-' propnlio t as their s 1 Tiers re
fuse to volunteer, and charge high price when
t-M-y are bought, so i- their cuirency u-coming
deprec:a-d, and tl.e means ol nusUinii.g their
credit, more exhausted. Specie is flowing -out
of th.ir vaelts European credit is . mirnf
if wu on them the bank of Km md bavin,
raised iis rate of discount t seven per cent..
L dea'ing w lb them for specie must slacken
and if a g. od harvest shall bles Kifope in
the ensuing summer, and no grain bo lie ded,
then bankruptcy cru.hiug and overwhelm
ing such as the world hath nver Keen, is
yaWr.ii. g at the feet of the Yankee nation,
with folds as powerful as he anac md l, and
throat as vast as a whale.
L-1 us relax no ex- rtion. Ix?t the Militaiy
biil include every one capiblo of bearing
arms who is not more useful at home es
pecially those tchi h ice seta riv service ;
most especia'ly thos- who have pretended to
be in the service, but 'vhose own progress to
words the battle fn-!d has always been in the
rear, and away from ita I distance in"
trout men who have ignob'y run, and know
it, and km w that others know it, yet have
the audacity to talk and write of th'-ir tieve
and their intentions, a if they deserved to
have any. They ought to be thankful that
they have life, ami otrrs to fight for them;
and the tiin? is at hand wh?n these men,
brazen as they are, would ijlfe millions if
they could be so situated that noljody in the
with world would know they were in exis
tence. Gen. Biugg! This true patriot. trid
dier, and able comm.Mider, is now on a visit to
his numerous friends and admirer, in Kufala,
Ala. His stay, says tie Spirit of the. Suth,
will be vi ry short, on account of the impera--live
nature of his public duties. We trust he
wih soon he assigned a place "where his j-reat
txpe-iei.ee. skill and ability, will ai l rcaiise'
iu the fu'uro ai much as thev have d me iu the
pa-t.
Fkom Kentucky. Person who have re
ceiitly'cotne from Kentii'Jcy, recess it th.iLa
vaat change has taken pl.te am ng the people
of that State hi reference to the w tr-that a
hrg number of citizens, f r nerly opp se i to
the S "tithern inoctnnt . for hupar.it i .i atil
independence, have ch ing'l th-ir view1, ami
the S..ut:.erii cause is stronger Tit.iu ever, and
getting stronger every day. '
There is a report in this city, that a Yankee
cavalry force was moving towards Asheville,
and have probably reached that town before
this time. We do not- thiuk the report well
founded but bha.ll probably have something,
authentic conccVning it in a few hours.
The increase of Provost Guard) and post
details of all kinds, is a terrible mistake at this
time." The army needs every effective man.
All the post duties should be performed, as far
as possible, by local organizations of themilitia,
and invalid and disabled soldiers should be em
ployed to every practicable extent in lieu
able bodied soldiers. TJie Bill before Congress,
organizing an idvulid corps, we "presume looks
' to this object.
THE CONFEDERAL
ADVERTISING.
ADVERTISEMENTS will 1 toierttd
of. ten lines (or less) for m
insertion. Marriage notices and obitnarks.srUC
cfcarg drertkemsaU.
inn work.
JOB WOilK mt every dcwriptlen will be
eente4 1 tki Office with dipateh, and mi
1
ueuW dm aajwk la tM oeaoer
ederacy.
TKLEGRAPHIC
, j - - .
REPORTS OF THE PIW3S ASSOCIATION
Eatertd scenrdin to act of Coarrefjjn tie JJK
183. by J. S. Inaasnsa. fie ft;
i im u isuaci wirt n
for the Northern District of Georgia- -
From Gca. Lee' Am.
OaiNas, C H.Feb. 7.
m. I t- I.m frrnf M Sstnrdl.
at Morton's ford, bt after har contest wsrl
repulsed y Oeneral Edward jonnson iti
sadSdriven across Ithe river and parsaed. O
. . . j, .v.. Th Mcnr a
temptetl to croM at Barnett's ford, bat were r
natM hir fi-n .!' !f. C. brlffadc and Oenen
Lomax'l cavalry brigade. CsaaaUles thglxt. Th
enemy bave retni'bed.
setrstD DiaraTcat.
OsAMSKi'C. H.. FeD. oUl.
One t'aptsln and S9 privates eaptr4 at Bar
nett'i Ford by Gen. Early's dtvUloa wae nroago
in thin rn Anin r
- - - r
The enemy crossed at Bsrnett's Fordeaily IbK.
morning bat ?oon re-crofsed again.
Latrr from Ihe Xorth.
Ricaaoxp. Feb. 7.
Tlie Ynnkee House of Repppnentativee paafed.
... . .... . t I
a oiu reviewing i tie graue ol i.ieuu urncrai,
reeiimnt -ii.h'il Hon. (Jriint for the position.
Jamo 11. Clay died recently in Canada.
A New Orleans letter to the New lurk lleraia,
dated tin IClU Janutry, aaya, all parties ia this
city declare Mobile about being attacked by
Farragut on water, and with tr.a by Banks on.
land. Te La Vie aavi, the Florida ha chal
lenged Keararge to a falf fight. The latter having
accepted, they intend going a few milea oat to sea
and elt I.- the tlitlerencea at th cannon's range.
The A aba tea haa tloKtroycd the Yankee ablp
Content in the Strait of Sunda. Veaaael and
cargo valued at one million.
From Klrhmond.
Hichmono, Feb. 7.
It u i-. i.orted tint the Yankees are advabciniT
in c-isi l ,rabl. forco towarl. thU city from theO
I'eninsIa. Ibavy tiring beard this morning
in the direction of Button:' bridge. No particu
lars receive.'.
ffccoxn ntrrATCH.J
. KiviiMotfo, Feb. .
The innu-tnttion from bdow la meagre and con
flietinjr. The force of the enemy ia estimated at
nbout five regiments. On report ia tbat they
were repulied; another, that they cronned the
Cliitkuhominy near White Oak Sr mj. No sp
prehension exists here of further approach. The
moveuient ia believed t be a raid for the deatruc
tion of property, or a diversion to draw attention
from movements elsewhere.
I M I ft t MslMTI ii 1
.ItieHSoxn. Feb. 8.
The latest report from b-.'low ltt night, repre
aent jbat the Yankee force which appeared at
Bottom's Uricge, had fallen back nine wiles to
Tall yvi!le, where th-y were reinforced by aey.
col Ji ; '.( iu-Bim&titr inrnntrjr and cavalijr
Tii Ktuatin trt.uncli.injr-! 1J1N morning-, t ut
another d 'mon.trstun by tho eu-mr Is vjtH.ctt-d
f(-drty.
Lieiitt'iiant-t'eneral IIiMid has command of tLo
Cotitetlet te troops n tlie lint of lilt CLicka-
hiwnin'.
roi-RTH sirircH.
Kicii now i, Feb. 8.
('ir. (ihmble, of M is.'otii i, died on the second.
( org. K. II.-le, a ktrong Unionist, succeeds
Bayard of Delaware, in the Yankee Senate.
The latest in formation fiom below is tbat the
Yankees have taker, the bark track for Wiliiami
burg. Tin movement w at ptobsbly intended as a
reeonnoisst.net.
The iinprctfiun prevail here that the next cam
paign will com in. nee at an early day.
Hostilities on tl.e Hapidan -n ill probably be de
layed until the lec.erery of Meade, who at laat ac
counts was cShvaleaent at 1 ia. hoaie in I'ennsjl
vania. Weather farorabh; for military uiovementa.
.
Death ofllon. John A. Wilcox.
.
IttruMo.tD, Feb. 8.
Hon. John A. Wilcox, -rtf Teaa, member of the
llous- ef Representatives, dropped dead in a mo
mint at his room yesterday niorniug, while ap
paientlr in perfect health.
No business was transacted to-day in either of
th.- brant ties of Congress, except the annoattce
meiit of his death and the passage of appropriate
resolutions and eulogies were pronounced in the
Seuatir by Messrs. Wigfall of Texas, Henry of
Tennessee and Phelsn of Mississippi, and in tho
House by Sexton of(Trxas, Smith of North Caro
lina, McKae, of Mirr.ippi, Atkina and Jones of
Tcuueaaee.
Slr?t or (harlrston.
Chaslkstom,' Feb. 8.
The enemy renewed their tire upon the city yes
terday evening. Seventeen sheila wers Bred up
to 9 o'clock this nioiaing. . ..
A fifth Monitor made its appearance in ths '
respects nnchangep.
The enemy "are engaged in mounting several
guns at Wagner bearing upon the channel.
,An official dispatch from Lake city, Florida,
dated th report 18 af the enemy's vessels, gun
boats ar.d transports s having arrived at Jack
sonville, Florida. It is believed that a large foroa
has been lauded and wero raid to have been ad
vancing laat night. .
Erom Tennessee.
Mobbistowk, Feb. 8.
Reports fom Knoxville and variant sources
representee garrison there in great suffering
, from rmall pox, which there are ?(M cases, and a
scarcity of rations Prisoners captured bsv'a
bread made of unbaked flour.
Col. II. L. Oilmort 4th Kentucky cavalry, Las
been commissioned Brigadier General.
Trains run to Strawberry Plains, within IS tulles
of Kboxviile.
Mobri&tow.x, Feb. 9.
A fljg of truce, for the purpose of bringing a
Dumber of ladies out of Knoxville, went oat yes-
tenlay.
Gen. Motion's cavalry drove in the enemy's
picket and cartureil one eai-on and a few wagons
within fwar mile of Knoxville yesterday.
Yankees in Florida.
Kit ii wo d, 7cb. 8.
Some ofTieial information has een received of
the arrival ot 18 gi.bats and trsatports at Jack
lonville, Florida. Tho enemy presumed to be in
'large force had ' landed, aad were repot ted ad-.
raaclnj? hjaturday oij-Vl.
JOBWORsI
Of all desc
Of al description neatly executed at 1 1. Is o flics