THE CONFEDERATE.
WEDNESDAY, 3Iarcli 10, 1S64.
Tho ('round He Stands on Ills Principles
and Views.
continued.
Having set up his protege and committed to
the puMic the Johnston fire-bran J, Mr. Holden
M-t himself to work to pile on and stir the fuel.
On the l'Jth of January, he announced the right
of North Carolina to hold a Convention, "with
o ul hein: responsible fur so doing tvjauy power
on earth." lie had previously asserted, that in
:i certain contingency, Mhe people of North
Carolina will take their ullftirs into their own
hand?, and will proceed, iu convention assem
bled, to vindicate their liberties and privileges."
And U'jiiih, in iUe same article :
" The people of North Carolina will rise "in
'their majesty and assert thoir sovereignty.
"There is no power to prevent them from doing
"this, and wee to the official character who shall
".'ltteiBpt to turn the arras of Confederate sol-
Ultra against the people of this State ! North
4 Carolina will not be the tdave of either the
Congress at Richmond or Washington. She
is this day, as she has been from the first, the
44 key-stcne of the Confederate arch. If that
"?tonc should fall, the arch will tumble. Let
44 Congress be warned in time."
Thus having insinuated into the popular mind
the nature of those important events to which
he had alluded having spread the venom of the
J.ohnton meeting and the attendant circular;
on the lfJth he signifies that 44 what she will do
iu that Convention will be for her own people to
determine: " and then he proceeds to intimate
what she ought to do. This intimation is based
upon the belief which he expresses in the fol
lowing terms ;
44 We bel ieve that if the war should be con
44 tinned twelve months longer, negro slavery will
44 be utterly and fmnlly destroyed in these States,
and that it will be impossible to re-establish
the institution. Its sudden destruction would
44 involve the whole social structure in ruin. We
believe that by the end of the period mentioned,
" the rights ef the States and the liberties of the
"people, by the very force of circumstances, to
-"sny nothing of tho aggressive disposition and
purposes of the government at Richmond, will
44 have been blotted out, or will be at the mercy
4 of that government. We believe that peace
44 can never be obtained as long as we contend
44 for Maryland, Kentucky, Missouri and West
44 Virginia ; end that, in all probability, it can
44 be obtained only by the sovereign States co
44 operating with the common government. We
" are therefore, for a Convention, and for a co-operation
with our sister States of the South
in obtaining an armistice so that negotiations
'nuty be commenced. It is not for Us to say
44 what such a Convention should do; but we
may be sure it would omit no proper-steps to
"seeme peace, and meanwhile to protect the
.Matt iiaiust the encroachments of arbitrary
' puwer. It would tee ta it that the proud head
" of the State was bowed to no despot It would
"iiiMt that the civil law should prevail in all
4,tf.?cs; and tciug in existence, if not c-'-ttantly
in sevsiou, it wouli have the right to
t-peak and act U-r the State as a sovereign, and
44 to u;n;iiid that the Congress and the military
" power should respect that civil law and the
44 inalienable rights of our people."
To prevent the abolition of slavery, to secure
peace, and prevent the extinction of the State
sovereignties-, ,4a Convention is to be held."
This Convention is to 44 appoint commissioners
to treat for peace." The terms are partly set
forth in this article, and more particularly in
another.
t They are to surrender that portion of the
Confederacy known as Kentucky and Missouri,
, to acquiesce in the division cf the State of Vir
ginia anj the conquest of a portion of her ter
ritoryand indeed to get peace on the best terms
we can get, for, said he on the 2nd of February :
I want separation and independence. We
-uld have got better terms twelve months oso
th-iit we can now."
I'.ut thio is not ad that the Convention was to
. It w;i to e!t'ck the innovations and usur
paiion of tii common Government;" for, said
.Mr. llt'luin on the lfcth of January : North
Carolina 44 would not be bound by a Government
' which had lost its original character and been
i-ervcrted to despotic purposes against her
uvn rights, and the rights and liberties of her
"citizens." How was it to check the usurpations
referred to, and arc what sonic of the usurpations
it was to check ? Why, if the habeas corpus were
suspended, this Convention was to say, 44 wo
CotiM not submit to that.' If the conscription
wue extended, " we cannot submit to that.''
If the tJovci rincrit choice to employ its mili
tary force to arrest deserters, this Convention
w as to say ; we don't want Confederate troopi
in our iniJtt for that purpose." Ami finally,
this Convention, in sonic unforeiVvU emer
gency, was to interpose some powtr ti 44 pre
kvrvo the very existence of the State-."
This is a faithful drawing of th? plans,
purposes, motives and means of Mr Holden
and Ids associate agitators. They we.e to
secure a Convention in an illegitimate way.
It was to sit in permanent session to watch,
:-py, ebject to, check, forbid the actions of the
legitimate Confederate Government, and un
bind our people from thur allegiauce to a
Government that this Convention might say
" had kst its original character." And towards
the enemy it was to look with a lenient eye
to get out of it the best terms it could to
t-end commissioners to it to treat, and in
treaty to agree to surreuder Kentucky and
Missouri, and consent to the cutting off of Vir
ginia. Iu other words, to mako an agreement
to disrupt the Confederacy.
These startling propositions have b:-?u made
by 31 r. Holden iu a public priut, have been
scattered by Iiira among our soldiers and
among our pecple ; have gone with or without
his sanction into the enemy's lines, ;tnd he ia
apparent innocence of any harm, fondly
.thinking uo one hurt, complacently asks is
there any treason in these propositions?
We answer him in all candor full of
it full to the tbroathurstingruuning over
with flagrant sedition and treasonable incite
mentthat in England, where the trial by
jury and the exposition of the law is the
freest and soundest in the world, would hang
him a thousand limes over. Why, suppose
his commissioners appointed aid they en
deavor to communicate with the aeojy t
treat, as her purposes. The ovirl act of
treason would beat once committed, and they
and these who instructed would all be guilty.
The Constitution forbids to a State to make a
treaty or enter into an agreement with a for
eign power, and ari attempt to do so with the
enemy, in time of war, would unquestionably
be treason.
If Mr. Holden's Convention were in session,
now. that the habeas corpus is suspeBded,
and were to say to the Government, in the
language of Mr. Holden 44 You have'f-ilenc-ed
our Judges, you have silenced the press,
you have deprived the people of the freedom
of speech and destroyed personal liberty-
44 We cannot subniif to it " and his Conven
tion were to pass an ordinance of resistance
it would be unquestionable treason, in all
concerned in it; because the Government has
the constitutional right to suspend the privi
lege of the habeas corpus, and resistance,
whether by the State authority or by bodies
of people, would be levying war against the
Government, which is treason.
So that no siugle' step could be taken to
enforce the suggestions of Mr. Holden, ex
cept by the commission of a capital felony
which Mr. Holden has unquestionably been
inciting for some time past.
We seek not to inflame any prejudice or
animosity against Mr. Holden. We would
rather conjure him to survey the ground on
which he stands. If the people will calmly
look at these 'things, they will wonder that
any man incumbered with such a weight of
folly, carrying this lo?.d of had judgement!
bad sense, imprudence and mischief, not to use
the phrases most appiopriate tliey will won
der that such a person could have the hardi
IioikI to present himself a candidate before
them most of all, a candidate to be their
Governor. Why, suppose Mr. Holden were
the Governot now, with all these foolish, silly,
views ami principles, and his associates in
stalled with him what a spectacle should
we present ? Contwnplate it, fe'low-citizens 1
We shatt pursue Mr. Holden's plans to their
result already produced. v
The 12th North Carolina Johnson's l$ri
gade.
The noble stand taken by Johnson's Brigade
has not failed to attract bur attention, and
of which we made most honorable mentiou,
as being the first of our Troops to re-enlist
for the war the others, however, following
in suc'i rapid succession, that it was difficult
to give precedence to either. But we should
have expected this Brigade to have been
among the very first to pledge a life-tima de
votion, if necessary, in the glorious cause of
their country's independence. The veterans
comprising this Brigade the 5th, 12th, 20th
and 23rd North Carolina Regiments have
seen the sternest service, and have earned
laurels of immortality. Their names can
never perish.
From Portsmouth.
We have received a copy of the Portsmouth
'Old Dominion," of the lstinst.,a paper pub
lished in the interest of the Yankees.
capture is noiitii Carolina refugees.
A correspondent of tho "Old Dominion,"
from Plymouth, N. C, the 20th says :
Yesterday upwards of one hundrul iefu
ee arrived here from Bertie and its adjoining
counties. Of the entire number, forty three
were white men several of whom were da
setters. The others were fleeing from the
Rebel Conscription. Besides the white men,
there wero forty-five negroes, nearly ail of
whom have enlisted.
This morning a small force which left here
last Thursday, aboard the gunboat Geo. Fos
ter, nnder command of Lieut. Helen, of the.
101st Peuu. Vols., returned, bringing with
them thirty rebel prisoners, whom, with the
rod of a few marine-, they had succeeded ia
surprising and capturing near Fairfield, Hyde
county. Besides the prisoners they had taken
nearly fifty tand of arms, one siand of colors,
and considerable camp equipage. This is one
of the mrst brilliant successes we have had for
a,Iong time.
Among the prisoners there were two com
missioned officers a Captaiu and a Lieuten
ant. CAPTURE OF A UNION BARGE.
A correspondent from Xewbern, N. C, the
2 bth, says :
A night or two ago, a party of rebel guer
illas made a descent on a Union barge lying in
44 Neyv Inlet." The barge was loaded with
about 1,000 bushels of corn. Tife guerillas
killed one of the crew (a negto,) and carried
the others off. They soon concluded, howev
er, to release the crew, who made their way
to the Union forces. Such instances as this
are unavoidable at times, though generally
the rebels have to pay dearly for their temer-
ity.
,
The Raleigli Progress of Saturday is au
thorized to sy that Governor Vance has sum
moned the council of State to meet in Raleigh
on Thursday, the 11th of this month. The
Progress is satisfied from what it learns that
the object of calling the council together is
for tho purpose of considering the propriety
of convening the Legislature to take iuto con
sideration the question, of the currency. Gov.
Vance has only taken this step at the urgent
solicitation of the State Treasurer, and the
Progress further assures its friends at a dis
tance that, should tho Legislature be conven
ed, it will be with no view to secede from tho
Confederacy.
. Well, we shall see what we shall see, and
the old proverb says that seeiug is believing.
At any rate, we trust we will be excused if
we respectfully suggest to our friends that it
can do no harm for them to exercise a little
caution before committing themselves as the
partizans of this man or tnat niau for Govern
or, or for any other position. It would be lha
part ot wisdsm to await fuller development
to be assured of the ground whereon they
stand. It Is possible, and apparently proba
ble, that any partizanship, or even support
from 4' destructives " or " secessionists," might
' be anything else than acceptable to those-who
have equally spurned all idea of compromise
etc., etc. Wilmington Journal.
S Geu. Johnston s army are occupying their
old quarters at Dal ton. It is not supposed
that Gen. Johnston will remain idle long.
His troops were never mere anxious O meet
I ths foe.
r
I
For The Confederate.
The movement on foot in this Stau, for the
calling a Convention, are to true and loyal
men a sotlrce of the deepest anxiety and con
cern. After calm and dispassionate conside
ration, we are compelled to believe, that those
who are urging a Convention are fatally bent
on mischief ; and that the fixed'and determin
ed purpose of tho.-e who inaugurated tho
movement, is to withdraw the State from the
Confederacy and thus pTace themselves in a
pcsiiinn to treat with the Lincoln Government
for a return to the same. '
Those who live beyond the limits of the
State even can come to no other conclusion.
It is not pretended or even hinted at by the
friends and aavocates of a Convention, that
their object is to amend our State Constitutim,
with any reference to our domestic politics.
No such pretext is put forward. So that even
if they were silent as to their purpose; their
choosing a period of war and revolution to
ngitatethe call of a Convention, can have no
other rational interpretation, than that the
object is to bring influences to bear upon our
present relation growing out of this very war
and revolution, which exclusively ruonopolizj
the public atteution.
But those of us who are on the spot, who
have an opportunity of witnessing the i.' tiu
ences at work, and who" know s mctlntg of
the political status of the nun who are iol
active iu this Convention movi merit we are
not left to conjecture as to the object and pur
pose of these men. Any man cf ordinary
understanding, on reading the newspapets in
the State that advocate a Convention, can not
fa.il to tee the1 end aimed at, is severance of
the State from the Confederacy. Although
these pressrs do not openly avow that thtir
purpose is to withdraw from the Confederacy
yet it is notorious, that they publish with
comrnendatc-ry notice, labored communica
tions, trving to prove that the Confelcrate
gjvenimtnt is oppressive and despotic; and
that the only hope of the people of the State
is in North Carolina taking the exclusive
management of. her affairs into her own hands.
Whilst these journals may cut directly advo.
cate secession rem the Confederacy, and re
construction with our enemies, yet their edi
torials teem with complaint and censure
against the Confederate Government in all its
departments ; denouncing it as cruel, arbitrary
and oppressive, and evidently laboring to ex
cite and arouse the anry passions of our
people against that Government of their choice,
iu defence of which so much blood has been
shed, and tor which North Carolina herself
has made such immense sacrifices of life and
treasure.
There is one fact which 'cannot be ignored,
and w hich is pregnant with instruction to those
who regard the speaking of the nutli as in
cative of the feelings with which tho ln-art is
full. The earnest and open-mouthed advocacy
of a Convention is, in the main, contirw.d to
those who have habitually denounced the-men
whom they designate .is the original seces
sionists who brought on the war who have
complained of the war as wrongfully com
menced on our pHit who have stigmatized
tho measures tcr its vigorous prosecution as
overbearing and tyrannical ar;d who have
ever been prophets of evil forboding, in regard
to the linai result... On the other hand, those
who have ever regarded the secession .of the
State, and the war consequent theieon, as
forced upon us by an inevitable necessity
who insist on an untiring &nd determined pros
ecution of the war as the only means ot saving
us from a fate worse than de.ith and who
have ever advised a loyal submission to meas
ures apparently harsh, yet indispensable to
the salvation of the country ail such are, to
a triuii, opposed to this agitation of a Conven
tion, and regard it as fraught with evils indes
cribable. In this State a Convention cfin only be called
constitutionally, by a two thirds vote in both
Houses of the General Assembly. The advo
cates of a Convention here find a ditficulty
They can't get a two thirds vote in both llouse&:
Hence they propose by a simple majority vote.
to put the question to a vote of the people of
the State, zind iu the act providing for putting
the question to popular vote, their plan will, no
doubt, be, to provide ail the appliances for an
election of delegates, and the meeting of the
Convention; in cse there should he a majority'
vote in favor ot a Convention. But suppose
such an act possed, such a vote taken, and a
Tiifijcrity cf those vutii.g, tc ve to in tavor of a,
Convention. Suchfu majcii v w culd no doubt
appear on the poll books; for I take it for gran
tee! the loyal opponents of this movement wi uld
refuse to go to the polls. What wju'd such a
vote be worth, evtu admitting a majority ef the
entire vote of the vrhoic people of the State to
be iu favor of it? It would amount to just
nothing at all. It wculd be a mere Irutum
fulmen. It would be a proceeding not only not
sanctioned by the constitution of the State but
directly in opposition to it. There is no such
principle recognized in our constitution, or per
vading our institutions ; as that a mere numeri
cal majority shall be empowered to change our
fundamental law ; or to fix or alter our political
status, for the future, The very idea ofa "con
stitution," in the Auiercian sense of the term,
is antagonistic to such a principle. A Conven
tion assembled under such circumstances, would
have no more legal power or authority, than a
town meeting. Its acts and decres would not
only be void but as far as they might come in
conflict with the established order of things,
they would be insurrectionary, if attempted to
be enforced; and as far as they might infringe
upon our present confederate relations, tbey
would be counter-revolutionary and treasonable.
Our Confederate constitution recognizes the
right and duty of the Confederate Govern
ment to interpose in a State, to suppress "in
surrection," as well as to 44 repql invasion."
The insurrection here mentioned, evieleutly
means insurrection against the lecal State Gov
ernment or authorities. An attempt to enforce
the decrees of a Cemvcntion called under sueh
circumstances as I have alluded to, would he
insurrection against the State as now consti
tuted and organized. The State was placed
in her present confederate relation, by a unan
imous vote of a Convention, constitutionally
called, wbese decree was cordially acquiesced
in by her people. Any forcible attsmpt to
change that relation by a bogus Convention,
would involve.in the first place, treason against
North Carolina for we now have a constitu
tional provision, adopted bjthe late Conven
tion, defining treason against the State. If
the Confederate Government should interpose,
as in duty bound, to aid in the suppression
of such insurrection, then a forcible resistance
of the Confederate authority, would involve
treason against the Confederate Government.
The right and duty of the Confederate Gov
ernment to interpose in putting down insur
rection in a State in a time of peace where
only the interests of the State are io jeopardy
are patent and unquestionable. How much
more clear is that right, how much more bind
ing that duty, in time of war and revolution ;
when such insurrection, if unchecked, is likely
to put in jeopardy, not only the interest of
the State itself, but of the whole Confederacy
of States, of which it is a member.
It is right and proper we should say, that
we do not believe that all who talk in favor
of a Conventien, are disposed to reconstruc
tion with the Yankee government, or in favor
ef withdrawing from tbt Confederacy. Mmy,
very winy, have been deluded by thr. leading
Convent on agitators into tho belief, that a
proposition for per.ee. coming from a State
acting in its sovereign capacity, would be
favorably entertained b the Lincoln Govern
ment, even on the bads of acknowledging
our'independence. Thus, the earnest desire
of our people for peace, (which we all feel,
and for which all good people pray, when it
can hp had consistently with honor arid free
dom) has been abns?d and perverted, by run
ning and mischievous tnen to th furtherance
of faction aims and objects. Another por
tion of the people, who are honest and true
at heirt, but who are credulous and unsus
pecting, have been milled by the artful de
vice t'n.it by treating for peace now. vith the
Lincoln Government, they will be able to se
cure their slav property whereas, if the war
continues, slavery must inevitably perish an
an institution, and they will i"sn their proper
ty forever. It is uselc.-s to combat ho absur
dity of these treacherous propositi ns. They
are not put fnrth openly, but covertly and
slyly, a appeals to personal avarice and sel
fishness; therefore, a public lefutation of them
is not called for.
If these Convention .igit::J"rs were accessi
ble tot lie voice u re son ar,d argument, wo
would appeal to their sober Judgment, and
ask them to n fleet. Rut they seen bent n
destruction either the destructiou of their
country, or themselves. As long as the
weapons of their warfare are abuse and de
nunciation of those who difh-r wiih them, and
appeals te t lie si-rd id and so!hh pulsions of
the human heart ; calm n flection and fair
argument are not to bo xpected of them.
Many of tiie leaders sc-m to have 44countc-d
the cost'' ot the tendency of their course.
They know they have already gone so far,
that, in csc we succed in this gitat struggle
for human rights, they will be marked und
remembered. Among them, are men of in
telligence. They can't be ignorant of the is
sue they are tendering ami hastening to a cri
sis with the Confederate Government, and the
other .States composing that Government.
They must see and know, that the Confede
rate Government, whilst it miht be disposed,
so far as the interest of the State aione ave
concerned, to abstain from all interference,
and ignore these local movements yet, when
the influence of this movement on the general
cans is considered the-moral efh-ct on the
struggle at large the encouragement it must
hold out to the common enfniy its depress
ing influence' on our gallant men in the army,
and the loyal and true men out of the army
must see, that the Confederate Government
cannot, it dare not, allow this project to go
on until it culminates in a disruption of the
C n'.ederaey, and in reducing North Carolina
to the condjtion of Maryland and Kentucky.
Thus far, the Confederate Government and
the Confederate authorities have exhibited
ever forbearance -every indisposition to in
terfere. But tee warn those who are rushing
the State to the brink of the precipke. that
they may not expect this forbearance to con
tinue', whenever the great princip'c of si-lf-prcseration
may render further n..n-intcrven-ton
impossible. We mean this not by way
of threat, in tcrroitm but by way of friend! v
war ing. By Aeir icckless, violent ami de
nuneiatior.y conduct, they are forcing tho Con
federr.te Government to decide, whether it
will use jrreveniion, or rely on curing the
d;s -f.se, alter it shall have reached its acme.
If it is evident (and we honestly and sincerely
think it is evident) that misehit f is brew ing
that a phut to disrupt tho Confederacy is
maturing that the seeds of insurrection are
being sowed that the plot is thickening daily;
do they think tho Confederate Government,
and. authorities, will regard it as the part of
prudence and of wisdom to wait until an
unlawful assemblage shall have convened ;
shall have1 hid time to mature and organ
ize and shall ultimately raise the srmdard
of insurrection and civil war iu tho State?
Or rather, my they not expect the O'lilede
ratt; Government and authorities to use a
Considerate forecast, and provide beforehand,
tor intercepting and crushing their machina
tions ? We see how this Convention project
is viewed hy the Lincoln press in Newberu,
by the New York 4' Tribune," and by Everett
in his Gettysburg speech. They view it as a
movement favorable to them ; and we sec no
repudiation of their iew by the Convention
presses in this State, if the movement goes
en, of c urs- it wiil invite an invasion ot this
State, and a march to this city by the Yankees.
For oiuselvt s, we deem it due to candor and
sincerity to dvtiare tlnU we regard it as a duty .
which the Confederate Government and nu
thoiities owe to the great and holy cause in
which we are struggling to the cause of civil
liberty which is threateneel with chains nd
dungeons to religious freedom, whose alfars
lyve been desecrnteel to domestic joy and
peace, whose 1 earth-stones have been pollu
ted to the memory of our martyred dead,
whos- blood cries from the ground fur ven
geance to the stainless purity of our mothers,
wives and sisters, who have been nut raged and
insulted tp the matchless valor of our gallant
soldiers, who are enduring hardships and pii
vatious and suffering for their country to
every high and ennobling consideration of
virtue, of honor and of patriotism the Con
federate Government and authorities, owe it
to all these, to interpose, to prevent tho
44 giving aid and comfort " to a ruthless enemy,
that threatens us, if conquered, with a far
worse than Egyptian bondage. We toll theiso
w-ho are bringing this trouble on the State
and ou theaiselves, that our" purpeve is not
the- shedding of blood, but to prevent the
shedding of blood. If it is the determina
tion of the agitators in this State, to place
themselves in a position of open insurrection
against the constituted authorities of the State
(as we insist they will do if they attempt to
enforce the decrees of an unconstitutional
Convention) we repeat, in the language of
kind admonition, they are presuming entirely
too far on the forbearance of the Confederate
Government, if they suppose the Government
will quiedy stand by, and see thisgrejat cause
ruined, for the want of firmness and decision
on its part after such immense sacrifices have
been m8e, and when we are now cheered
with the hope that we have passed through
the worst of this ordeal of blood and suffering.
We tell them they deceive themselves, if they
suppose the Confederate Government will
allow such insensibility to the hard late; the
bitter agony of its true and loyal friends and
supporters in this State, as heedlessly to -look
ou and see us ciushed between the npper and
nether mill stones of Yankee cruelty and ven
geance, and domestic disaffection and treason.
We tell them they pay a poor compliment to
the sagacity of the Confederate Government,
if they expect the Government to wait, till
the active campaign of the ensuing Spring
and Summer shall require all our available
force to meet the foreign enemy in the field-
and when, if called on to sustain the con
stituted authorities of the State, and save
4 State Eights" in North Carolina, it will not
only have to contend against domestic insur
gent, but with their, foreign auxiliaries:
and thus find the task of'4 suppressing iccur-
rection," enhanced by the additional labor of
repelling mvasion.
Wc are not to be answered with the stereo
type cry, that Wr are advising the coercion of
the St ites by the Gui-d-rite Government
that we arc advocating the disregard a.id over
throw of the rights of the Stages ihat we
ire in -favor of consolidating the. government,
H-id of the exercise o arbitrary power- by the
Confederate authorities. We are contending
for Stale rights. We insist on preserving the
Constitution of North. Gtroliua in its purity
and its integrity. ? ar warrini: against
the attempt to make that Constitution the
foot-ball of faction. We profess to be Stnte
ihU men of the s'raitcst sect. That provi
sion of the Confederate Constitution bok;ng
to the preservation of the Con'Vdprntc Gov
ernment, to 4 suppress ins-urrction." i a pro-visi-n
in favor of State rights. We aro in
favor of its rigiel enforcement when necessary
to save the rights of the States no rratter
whom ir m v compromise whether they may
cc.Minv the highest scats in the synagogue, or
whether they may bo ihe truckling ajont
who biindlv follow the programme f others
whether they arc- the lions wh. se roars mav
wake the fon-st, or whether they may be the
jackals that hunt for the spoil. We are not
donu with this ss.bjec.t. AMICUS.
Congratulatory Orders of Gen- Pollf.
IIealq.U'ak'tfi:s Dtsior. ias. Ala., "5
February L'G, 1SCL J
Gknekal Okueus.
;i.' 22.
J
The Lieutenant-General commanding eflrs
his congratulations to the army on the success
ful termination of the campa'gn just closed.
Ti e cheerfulness with which the ?reops have
borne the fatigues and inco sveniences of the
march, and their ready aevpiioscenee in the or
ders directing thtir movements, have entitled
them to the highest 'commendation. To the
tirmnfss and good conduct of the men and the
skill and judgment cf their officers in check iirg
the enemy's march, the Commanding General
is indebted for securing the public stores and
depriving the enemy ot the use of fbr railroads
and oilier facilities for f raging and subsistence.
The concent r tion of vur cavalry on his col
umn of cavalry from vYest Tcncssec, foiim d
tho turning point of the campaign Tint
concentration broke down his only means of
subsisting his infantry. His column, was de
feated and routed, and his whole force com-
r polled to make f. hasty retreat. Never did a
and campaign, inaugurated with such pre
tension, terminate mote ingloriusiy. With
a force three times that which was opposedto
its advanev. they have been defeated and for
ced to leave the field with a loss nf men. snntll
arms and artillery. "Both of their columns
are retreating before the squadrons of our pur
suing cavalry.
The Lieutenant General commanding offers
his grateful thanks to the w hole army, and
trusts that this openingcampaign ot the new
ear mav Me an earnest of the successes whi .h
a vit us in ti e future.
By command of Lieul-Gen. Poi.r.
THOS. M. JACK, A. A. Gen.
An -Important Decision.
In the case of J. 11. F. Bui ro-ghs vs. T. G
Peyton, r.nd L. P., Abrahams tw. the same,
the Court of Appei'Kof Virginia on yester
day rendered a decision. Tncse cases came
lefore the Court vnhalej.s corpu ; the plain
tiffs praying to he discharged from the custo
dy of the conscript officer, e n the grouud that
they had furnished substitutes, the one under
the State law, of Fein nary, 1S02, the other
under ti e C nfVdcritc States law.
1 ho Court iiminiinaiisly i ejected the peti
tions in botli cases, and remanded the par
tics to ti e military officer. The ooinion was
delivered by Judge William J. Koberlson,
and is able and elabvjr.it . it brought under
review the constitutionality t th of the con
script law and of that repealing the exemp
tions ol such conscripts as h tw- furnished
substitutes; and it f.iliy mstained the action of
Congress in both instances. The conscript law
is u legitimate exercise of the p'twer of Con
gress to raise armies, which is distinct from,
and additional to, the power to employ the
ndiitia of the country. The privilege of put
ting in substitutes, until recently allowed, was
an act of grace and favor to the citizen, and not
a contract in any respect to which the Govern
ment was a party. Nor would the Government
have had a right to make such a contract as in
this case is contended for. As an net of grace,
it was, of course, repealahle at the will of
Congress. Even if Congress had had the power
totuake such contract, an l had exercised it, j-et
the conditions necessarily attacking, would
have rendered the Ci'iitrnet reneahiblc. if in
i the judgment of Congress, the exigencies of
law repealing substitutions, i-fi'tiiij this ne
cessity, of which Congress is the sole judge.
. The application of the recent law suspend
ing the habeas corpus, in certain casts, was
waived on both ?ide;s the writs in the pres
ent eases having been sued out before the
passage of said law. The cases, therefore,
can e tip st.ii tly on their merits. They were
argued for eight days, by Messrs. Humphrey
Marshall, J..hn II Gilmer, Syr us A. Branch
and W. W. Orump, for the petitioners, and
Messrs. G. W. Randolph and T. P. August
for the Government, before Judges AH",
Daniel, Moncure and Bohc.t-oii; After this
laborious investigation by distinguished coun
sel, and a court of eminent viitue and abil
ity, the judgment we have stahd was unani
mously reached, sustaining the Government
fully md on every point. This decision mint
have a large influence iu quieting all doubts
and scruples as to the corif-titutionalitr o: the
laws which were passed upon. In Virginia,
at least, all question is now ended. Richmond
Sentinel.
Lost Certificate of Stock. The under
signed bits lost the following Certificate, No.
1424 tor $500. issued to T. X. Cooper, Iialeigb,
dated July 23th 1863, and assigned over to Sam'l
Martin. 'Kvery person is forbidden to purchase
the same, asapplicatioo will be made for its renew
al. SAM'L MAKTI.V.
6w Salem, X. C.
For Sale. One negro boy about thirty
years of age in good health; an excellent
teamster, carriage driver, and work hand.
Applv to J. M. LITTLE,
feb. 3. 1 864-1 0-dtw-wU. Lexington, N. C
OOce of Chief Quartermaster, R ale ist,
February 17th 1864. Proposals Mill be re
ceived at this ofiice until the 28th inst., for the
manufacture of Oil from the Tithe Pea Xuts.
Proposals must state the price per gallon for the
oil produced; ai the Government will require
the total produce of oil as well as oilcake.
W. W. PEIRCE.
20-d3t3t Mai. and Chief Q. M.
Wilmington Journal, Fayettevllle Obser
ver, Raleigh Standard and Petersburg Register,
copy 3 timed and send bill to Maj. Peirce.
ost icrtfttcate of Stock. --The under-
sined has lost the following Certificate:
Xo. 1305 for $3100, dated July 2dtn, 1863, issued
to J. McBoyle at Raleigh, Xr. C.
Every person is forbidden to purchase the save
as application will be made for its renewal.
3-wlm. DAVID OUTLAW.
MACHINIST WANTED.
WANTED, a good Machinist to take charge
of a Steam Saw and Grist Mill. To one
thvt will come well recommended as to sobriety,
industry and skill, a liberal price will be paid.
Address, Dr. GEO. C. SUGG,
Joynei'i Depot, Wilien, Co., JT. C.
82-d2t&wSt
N OHTH CAROM.VA. Hdpori'tr Court r.f U
Halifax County, f Pall Term Her
Ditml an.1 II ei vey
Th-)'os X..Row)in4
Origin! attachment tevi(J on lin.l.
In thin case it is ordered that publication lnmit .
in a newtipupfr published in the city ot' Rah'tgli, f,r
six week, notifying the defendant, that U'iVy hi
ipear within the time prescribed hv.bw, and re
plevies and plead, judgment will b 'i il t I
against h i mi and the lanj levied on, will ). u
to s.-itil'y tbe plaintitN debt.
WitnvbS, Jxme M. Grizzaid, Clerk of mK1
Court, atotlice in Halifax tow n, th? fourth Mondar
aftrr the fourth Momlav in September 1 S J.
I5!u.d 1st March, IStU.
6-wfit JAS. M. (iRIZZAUILC. S. C.
Wajne County, .0rtJ1 Carolina.
Court of Pieas and Quarter S?shn, Fcbru trv
TtTMi, 1n'4.
Cenith Jones, ")
r.
Heirs at law oriieiii
r Petition fur Dower.
Jones, dv-e'd. J
IT appmiinjr to the .,itinictirtn of the Court
tint John .lonc ftiul Ji'..e Jojirs. two of th
defendants in thiscauiv, are b-y.nd tlm limit of
the State. It is thcretoro ordC-red by th "; t
that advertisement he u: a do for six k !(
si vol in the Weekly Confederate, a nt-..
puMUh'Mj in the city of Raleigh, iioshij, tiit.
said defendant of the filin? of thi j, viitj,.,,," and
that unlos tliev appoar and answi-r l!,- p.. Vitiou.
the same will b taken pro cou.,t and' heard
x parte ato thui. W itnes.. S. II. Denmark,
Clerk of raid Court, at otriee, in Golds-bun, t!f
3rd Mon da v of Ftbiuarv, A. D. I Ml.
-w6tv. S. II. DKXMAKK, CI?rk.
A orcii i a r o l i r. a , v.un 'of i : uTtVr r-Ti
YVauuex CotNTY. Term, IHO'u
Marion Sanders and Sar.ih X. hi tviiv X. T.
Green and Lucy X. hi wi'V. J elm II. Mutnhv an I
Caroline M. his wifV, Thomas P. Alston, WiiiiHiti
W. Alston and Frederick McWillianis.
t.
lienjaittn As LavcndtM, Win. Tel and Fl n-n?j
his wife, Honj A. L:ivendtr. Jr., Liiza Ana UoJ
dio. Joel Luptort and James White.
In th:3 case it is ordered that pubtie.ition b
made in a newspaper publi.hJ in the (ity of
Kalt-ih. X. C, as t thi noti-t eid !nt defend ants',
to wit: Lliza Ann lloddie, Joel Luptoii and J sine-;
Whit.., for six weeks, iiotifvinjr th -:n of tii" lV.in
of this bill, mid that uidess'ihev appear at t he nex'i
term of this C ui t, tobcheM.it the Court 11 u.,
in Warreiiton, on the third Moi dav atb r ui
fourth Monday of March, A. I). ImJI," and
answer or demur thereto, the tame willbj takvti
as contested, and heard expnrtc. as to them.
W itness, Charles M. Cook, CL-ik nn 1 Matst- i f
s-id Court, at oMice in Warreiiton. thethid Mon
day alter tho fourth Mondavol Septembo:-. 1.;:5.
c. m. coo:;, c. M. i:.
Issued 13th day of February, lent. ." C.v.
Sori!r Carolina, f '" ' mt u ut
WARitt-s Cor.NTY. F ill Term. lSCI.
John V. Cawthorn, Kx-cutor of Henry Cawthorn.
i.
Daniel Bowdeu Original attachnunt levied oa
L'Jiid
In thij ens it is oid.nod th it puh'h ati ni b.
made in a newspaper puUi-lied i:i ih. cite of
Kalih, for six weeks, notifying t'f d T-n liU,
that unless he appear within tli tine prseri!i
by law, and replevins and pleads, jiw;r. t hv de
fault will be nterid against him, at. I th- land
levied on w il: be condemn d to satisfy tiu p! ii:iU:rs
recovtM-y.
Witness H-njaintn K. Cook. Clerk o!aid C nut
atotlice in Warn-uton, th third Monday atlei tlni
fourth Monday ot September. !;;'.
iiKNJ. VI. COOK,.( S. C.
Issued 13th day of February, 1H. .VHw.
Courfof Ktfiiit j -for ti'akr County, t
Sriiis Ti.!iM, 1 .!.
Geen Hijh
r.
The IIlmis of Hudson llih, dee'd, and others
Petition for sale of la':d :
It appearing that t!ie dafondants in this eiuv,
to wit: Leoiiid.-is Hih, itnd Martin, his sitct,
and her husband, (if hh he married) aro n:i.re.'i
deuts of the Siate, advertisement i.s hereby ma do
for said defendants to jippear lit the next "teim .f
said Court, on the First Mm hiy after th. i'.nrt i
Momhiy of March next, at the Courthouse, in K;il
ei;rh, to plead, answer or demur to th; j LintiiTs
peti tion-
Witness. 11. O. Liwis, Clerk and M ister in leni
ty for Wake county, at t fiicj in KaUih. thic I7ib
day of February, A. D. t S I . ;uid in the yar of
Ameriean Independence the '-Sth.
fr-wot n.i. i.kwisc. m. n.
OTATK OF rttKfHCAi;0l7nA7
O Waukks Coiwrv, J
CO Ull T OF KQ VI TV
Ttdin Harrison Hawkins, an inf:.nt under tli-?
a of twenty-one years, by .lames A. Iv m ton, his
guardian and next friend, ' Charles M. Cook and
Jhn K. Miller, vxti-utois of the hist will and t.
tarnent of Winifred W. Hawkins, deceased, and
Jane 11. Miller,
A ft 'tin ft
Hcnjauun E. Cook, executor of John H. flawkin.
deceased, John II. Lleiiiiiiir. Jane Wa'ker. ifor
niei 1 v Omeary,) Ih-nj imin 1. Cook ami Sally 11
Cook, his wife, John II. Kimball, of the State of"
Tennessee, Fanny H. Kimball, of th-.' said State of
Tennessee, and Xaney Power of the State of Mis.
issippi. It appearing from tho atlMavit (ih-l ia th - ii!'m j
of the said Court, tint John II. Kimball. 1 i.cnv 11.
Kimball and Xancy Power, three ot tin.' dei'enlaiits
in t!:is cause, reside beyond the limits of Cim
State, it is therefore ordered that publication bo
made in tho Raleigh Confederate, for mx weeks,
not 'f ip the said dof ndanta of the filing of this
bill, and that unices they appear at the next term
of said Court, to be held at. the Cour t House in
Warrenton, on the Third Monday aftirthe Fourth
Monday of Marcli next, and dead, answer or de
mur to tin said bill, the: mime will betaken ncoti
fepsedand hard expat to as to tluin. Vitnes,
Charles M. Cook, Chrk and Master of said Cour,
at ottice in Warrenton. the Third Montlay after
the Fourth Mondiy of September. 131.53.
Issued lot day of Februarv, 1S'!4.
2-wCt C. M. COOK. C M. K.
jTOKTII CAROLINA, Superior Court of Law
i LtiNotK Cocxtv. Fall IVrm
John II. Jackson and liob't It. Vause
Moses Patterson.
Original Attachment Levhd on oiie Town lot ia
the lown of Kintton.
In this case, it id ordered that publication be
made in a new spaper published in he StV, for
six weeks, notifying the. defendant, that unless hn
appear within the time prescribed by law, re
plevicB and pleads, judgment bv default will b
entered against hiui, and the lot levied on will be
sold to satisfv tli plaintiff's acctiunt.
Witness, Justus KJneey. ('lei k of said Court, at
office at Kinston, the third Monday attur the fourth
Monday of September, 16C3. Issued 23d dav of
February, 1664.
5-wCt JUSTUS K1SBEV, C. S. C.
Notice. Tiic"sub7ciibrr halu;: at Ffb
ruary term 1S4, of Wake (J. K.f been duly
appointed and qualified as Administrator of Samuel
D. Morgan, deceased, hereby gives notice to all
persons to present their accounts, debts, claim a
and demands of every kind against hi said intt s
tate, to him for payment, duly authenticated w ithin
the time prescribed by law, otherwise this notico
will be plead in bar of their recovery.
Xoticeis also given, that as Admini-trator afore
said, he will on the 9th day of March next, at the
late dwelling house of his said intestat.-, Samuel
D. Morgan, deceased, iu the county f Wake, offer
for sale, horses, mules, cattle, hog, sheep, farming
utensils ; a large ouantity of manuf actured tobacco
in boxes, and leaf tobacco, cotton in bales, houia
hold and kitcben furnfture, and other articles, oa
a credit of twelve months; bond with approved
sureties will bv required of the purchasers. Said
sale will bo continued from day to day until all is
sold. At the same lime and place, 1 fchall offer for
hire a large number of nfgro slaves of my said in
testate, until the 25th day of December ne'xt ; bond
with approved sureties will be required of the
hirers WILLIAM LAWS, AJmW.
February 16, 18C4. -2w.
WANTED, .
XT EXT month, a School, public or private. I
rS teach the Classics, French and English.
Referknoes. Judge Tyler, liichmond, V . ;
Nat. Tyler, Eq., of the Enquirer, Uichmnd, a.,
and Professor Smith, Chapel Hill, X. C.
Terms according to the currency. Address,
with proposals,
GEORGE PADD1SON, (Sencx,)
Gravelly Hill, P. O., Bladen, X. t.
32-tw!tdrwlt