8
WEEKLY JEFFERSONIAN
A Newspaper Devoted to the Advocacy of the Jeffersonian
Theory of Government.
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON and J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
Austell Building, Atlanta, Ga.
SUBSCRIPTIC'N PRICE - . oo PER TEAR.
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application.
Afflicatian made far entry as sectnd class mail matter at Atlanta, Ga., Ptstaffice.
ATLANTA, GA., THURSDAY, JANUARY 10, 1907
Removal of the Jeffersonian to Atlanta.
When The Jeffersonian was established, it
had not been decided to undertake the publi
cation of Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine.
Later it seemed to be an absolute necessity
that the magazine should be launched.-
This being so, it becomes advisable, for sev
eral reasons, to have them both in the same
place and under the same management.
Besides it was thought best to change the
shape of the weekly paper from the large, old,-
fashioned sheet to the modern magazine size.
This could not be done in 'Augusta.
Consequently The Jeffersonian is now lo
cated in Atlanta.
All exchanges and correspondents will please
note the change in our postoffice address.
Hereafter all communications intended for
the weekly paper should be addressed The
Weekly Jeffersonian, Atlanta, Ga., or to Thos.
E. Watson, Thomson, Ga. Exchanges of
the weekly should, however, be mailed in all
cases to the Atlanta office, where they will be
needed by Mr. Chas. J. Bayne, the managing
editor. *
* * M
* '*• Call Off the Dogs.
Had it occurred to you that the Trust and
Railroad politicians are going through the
huntsman’s act blowing the horn to call off the
dogs from tjie chase?
That’s just what is being done.
The Trusts are nervous, and the Railroad
bosses are uneasy.
They feel the ground rocking beneath their
feet.
They know, they know, that things cannot
go on as they are, unless the attention of the
masses can be drawn away to something else.
The Railroad bosses who are killing and
mangling about 17,000 human beings every
three months, in the mad rush for Dividends
on watered stock, are straining every nerve
in the effort to get the United States mixed up
in that Congo muddle, where it is alleged
that King Leopold is butchering negroes who
refuse to work as ordered.
It is all right for our Railroad Bosses to
maim and murder several thousand white
men, white women and white children every
year in the ruthless determination to earn
fraudulent dividends, but all wrong for King
Leopold to murder several thousand black
men, black women and black children in Afri
ca.
Os course, it is wrong to murder anybody,
white or black, in the United States or in
Africa. But why should J. Pierpont Morgan
put himself at the head of a movement whose
THE WEEKLY JEFFERSONIAN.
object is to have our government stop the
atrocities of Leopold when Morgan’s own
railroads murder more people every month
than King Leopold’s men murder in a year?
The reason why, is plain.
Morgan hopes to “CALL OFF THE
DOGS.” He wants Public Opinion, prose
cuting officers, Grand Juries and indignant
editors to let him alone.
Stay the greed of Leopold. Stop that kill
ing of the blacks in Africa. By all means
check and chasten Leopold. But don’t stay
the greed of Morgan. Don’t stop the awful
killing of the whites by Morgan. On with
THAT, by all means. Morgan MUST have
Dividends from fraudulent issues of stock.
Consequently trainmen must be overwork
ed, cheap employees must be kept, worn-out
rolling stock and locomotives must be used,
bridges must go unrepaired, rotten cross-ties
must still try to hold the rails, double track
ing cannot be afforded, nor can the automatic
Block system which poor little Switzerland
uses be adopted by the richest nation on earth!
Why does Switzerland adopt the automatic
Block system which makes the collisions of
trains an impossibility?
Because the people of Switzerland own
their own railroads and therefore take the
necessary precautions to safeguard their own
lives.
THEY THINK MORE OF LIFE AND
LIMB THAN OF DIVIDENDS—HENCE
THEY HAVE THE BEST SERVICE POS
SIBLE AND THEY KILL NOBODY.
But such monsters as J. P. Morgan care
more for Dividends than for human life—
hence they refuse to spend the money to per
fect the service. But don’t do anything to put
a check on Morgan.
Stop Leopold, who is mangling and massa
cring the negroes away off yonder in Africa.
Then there’s Foraker! Fire Alarm Foraker.
He’s the Ohio Senator who stood by his Rail
road Bosses to the last in the Rate fight.
He belongs to the Trusts as truly as does
John Dalzell or Aldrich. And what is For
aker doing now?
Trying to raise from the dead the fell spirit
of Sectionalism! Trying to fan race-hatred
into consuming flames!
Taking the Brownsville affair and the Pres
ident’s dismissal of the negro troops as his
hobby he is riding it with a grim determina
tion to kick up as much devilment as he pos
sibly can.
And those Southern Senators who take up
Foraker’s challenge are doing exactly what he
wants them to do. With Foraker as with
Morgan, it is a case of calling off the dogs to
put them on another trail. Southern Senators
should sit steady in the boat, saying nothing.
Let the President’s Northern, Eastern and
Western friends defend him.
Let the Southern members of Congress be
silent but be in their places to vote when the
time comes.
* M *
Merely Incidental.
Our War Department is much worried be,-
cause young men are not enlisting.
The authorities marvel at this phenomenon
—sagely wagging the military head. The said
authorities cannot understand the thing at
all, but vaguely hint that General Prosperity
and an outrageous increase of
comfort,
away from that fascinating mili ta 1
seems so satisfactory to said auth
But is it fascinating to the enlisted
Is the temptation irresistible to become an
officer’s slave on a battleship, or Discipline’s
slave in the barracks?
*
Did you read how they shot and killed the
poor fellow who was trying to steal out of
Bamburg to visit his sick mother on Christmas
Eve? That was his crime, AND DISCI
PLINE SHOT SIX BULLETS THROUGH
HIS HEART.
While you were buying Christmas gifts for
children x and friends that evening, and while
every member of the family who could possi
bly do so was hurrying home for Christmas,
this poor soldier boy was irresistibly tempted.
To slip out of the barracks, to steal off in
the nigFt, to speed away to the old home, to
burst in upon the loved ones with beaming
face and merry words, to lift the. sick mother
in his arms and hug her once more and kiss
the withered cheeks, and help her back to
health with the powerful tonic of love and
joy; to grip the glad old father’s hand, to em
brace the sweet little sister —all this was in
the poor boy’s heart and mind, as he slipped
out from the barracks and turned his feet
homeward.
Alas! they did not take him home!
Vigilant sentries, unerring aim, flashes that
ripped the darkness, and a dead man on the
ground—his heart’s blood puddling there be
neath him.
DISCIPLINE VINDICATED, you see.
Take that other scene.
The United States Battleship, Ohio, is coal
ing at the New York Navy Yard.
John J. Hickey, of Portsmouth, Va., comes
to the officer in command, Lieut. Commander
McDonald, and requests shore leave.
It is December 21, and the wife and chil
dren of the enlisted man Hickey are in New
York. They have come all the way from their
home in Portsmouth to get a Christmas hug
and kiss —and to give one.
The husband, Hickey, tells this McDonald
creature why he wants to go ashore. His wife
has come from the Virginia home to visit him;
his children are there in New York eagerly
waiting to greet the father whom they have
not seen for many a weary month.
How much time did Hickey ask for, Broth
er?
Only two hours!
Just one hundred and twenty minutes for
a Christmas reunion with wife and children!
It seems to me that the very devils in hell
would have been ashamed to deny this man.
But McDonald wasn’t.
He remembered that the ship was coaling;
that the rules forbade shore-leave while the
ship was coaling; and he denied the man.
Not only denied him, but had him put in
ironis and flung down to the prison room of
the ship.
Why did McDonald have Hickey put in
irons?
Because he did not take McDonald’s refusal
to allow him two hours to see his wife and
children “with good grace.”
Because he showed his heart-broken disap-