HJB.JJJJLBIWIII
THE CONFEDERATE.
WEDNESDAY, AIGIST 31, ISfti.
Deserters-
The proclamation of Goremor Vance,
while it promises to tl,oe who hive deserted j
trctn tbeir post that if they return volnntan
ly to duty, within the next thirty days, a full
narcicii, un!e "they hava beu puhty of cap
ital fch.its agaiust tho Jives and property of
the cxizens," it warns tl.xe who select thin
fi'.-i, of the xtre-me peiu.Ity that awsits
t'..:n ; n- d it fur'-utrriigre iaf .rrr.s thfm thn
ire Lo'c b wor J the State wilt he employed
to.-ure t'uiir capture. Il
other word, it is a
dwclaif.tiun war aga:nt deerlioi ia North
Cirwlina ; aud we know that tk.e Governor i.
tk:rg il. ps to enforce h:a piceiamatien. Rut
tbis admirable docurn'nt has a further sig
nificance than this : It azures the aiders r;d
abett. r that the law wil! b fufo-r.id against
them iu th Stt2 court.-.
N;w, whit is the law against aiIi a ad
abttLg l'Srti' U ? W publish it htrswula,
that a'.l ii.ay see il :
.In Art lv Vnin!t aidis and aLctt&s of Dt-
So.rt'.-Ti I. Tv it e-i.vtcd bv the Gttrl
. . l t xr. .V
il i- Ke-f't-y Ki.n-t'u by tke uutuori'.y oi lit
s.iu:3, That ai.y ptrauii who shall knowingly
aid. as-it, liA.'W.-r t,r maiut da, undurauy pre
li ur whnten-r, r,y d.-.-ertT frjui tne Uiiiita
ry ,"riM f thn S-ii'e, or of t'-e C-u federate
bt.it--.s sh.V.l f :."ii!ty "f a hi-h t.'iis-Jeir.aan.r,
at i up n c..'ivi tiu; thsroi.f ia ih Siiprjr:--r
(;-,',rt, .s'n-i!l b" ih.eJ, -r iuipri r bjiii ;
in ih- t.crr!; -u of the (.'wirt, the ri.j ivjr 'j
xc"vd tiv hnidrrd d:d!ar. u-t tu'-' imprira
ni'int to rx' t'-d (our ruonthi.
-. li. Urt it i"utfi..r eti.:t.l, Tirt aa.V
p:r. o v. 'ro uqU; r any jr --. v whsi
over, hi;'wi:ilT aid, a -ri, hirbcr r wuin
tii .iry uvr- "i cn-iV i nud or.J.r--d to rrprt
fcr iiv.ty n.H ci.?c.ipt, iu r-f'ss i. to c-iy
"'rilfr, s'ihII io uiif ot a LiU n;:v1r--.it-i.o;-,
n.fl upoti rofi v:c'.i: i!-i the S?upi-i'i-;r
('. i;r;,rl..;!! I.-" llttl r itnpns-rtd. or '!.. ,
in th. ;i-r.',b h-: Ourt, th rio i.vt to
kt.. fiv t ri i -i li'i'l.vrs, odv the .inprU:
K'.'t .'o-ir :! -i .
Sec. i i! furtht-r or::rtcd, T;:t f;r te
jUij ).-c if tnSrciti the confer ij't r-w ;"f ti
(.'ot;!V.!-r-.U; States stmI r.rir'tiu;; Urters
mrf cin fi'-ripts. t'.e Governor s'ha'.I lvi?e ;mwer
'.- rail oi:t the r.ii'itia.
Sec A. a it further exacted, That .ibis
ct .)hi.s!l hnr- fure? from i'jiitri-aii:n.
iUr.'.i- i th'- 7th d vy f -Iiiiy. SC4.
Ti:o .Jn'r s (nno of them) in rl arir;
til" G a;: ! .Jury n ii: Ji
y ol i;iv.st!gitii
m'.i ttf ciinmi -,i j.i r t'tiU rpL-vc, ha e
:'--.r.-d t:vtt i" w.ts iii'-iimb-Tit to pr ve , fivt,
rii.tr ti.' pif-fv ii !d was t sd !i-r in service,
1 1 .i w r: i c led ; n-x it w...- iream-
be--f r. he proved th.it sivh foldirr Mi de--"rlc.l.
We hn7t ,t-:.ird this charge iven in
t!i'rse, va -T'' rn'ir.-.ier, 'o .-e -:;d vr:iu!
to If-ave the Grand Inrj-jc t nnir,fo-j;-ed
'a hat kind and mvasuro . ttg f ?SwM
fy thin. The ded-.i'-tion 'rav;n i
5. lb;
ti in
r.ud must cj-.ioiM uf p'itiveayidfrc of :he
en
.-.Hirntor CBrolmeur. ar.d of the want if
.4 iMrnHt
It would iiav. hee l wcli f r the divJar t ?n
or;, and s' tt- To the- Jury tht there .;re ri-ru.r..-:;.n;"fs
tl.t warrant them ia drawing the
i it ferci: of th-j oifence fnnu !ie condt'cl "f
Vc parties: As, when a man ne.'.ring th ap--ti.rav.,
of a .!i'd.ifr, or known to be in tVe
s !7if, vi i t t.r remains for an unu?!,al
i?'-;oh of tiro-at home . rt his parents', or e Ipe
v:'r ";.'. supjirN-J, r.ot hvii) the appearaio"
f i'l-hfalih, or of biii disabled; this is
t. cao fir tho e-Miii.iatio". of th? Grand
.! ry ; f. r if the parties be b'on jht before
- h dv, tl.e iMMi'ir-r csn at ctic.a cx-nrt
rh? suspect ri person ; for he can ho.v fo.r-1-iuh
aul tho act; n of the pr.per n:edia'.
;u'ncrity to whom he is rs-fpirei i'rour. tiu:e
to tm;e to nr-p'Ti.
(irard ,)ur tj ?hot:'.u ptirne lhir r:u:'' iu
r .-ard to every C:i.-e whr they kww, or kura
rcas a to blif ve, h .j'db'r h: ovr-ftay'd his
lime ; fr. in such n casi, wdiou a soldier m y
hatfl had a fiirlonh, if he av.ii! hi:r,sf If of
it t remain away ai'trr itxpirtj. and riirru-
ir.ls the instructions for obtahiiu its ei
te:.?io'a, this wiil he d'-vtioa.
S-, if any pv-rjn having the apf.rrace of
a soldier, though tot knowc, siiil ra' ia if
kr,nwn t-j be a soldier, appear in a ueihber-ho.-d
in a olai'dtine- mariner, if there "u. any
!ippara')c i f concealment by Ui sc who con
tribute to iiis support ; if he remain in unusual
retirement, or if t:i?re ba any suspicious a).
pcarauce ab.ut ilia prtr-er.ee in the Ke'ghhsr-h.-oi.
it U the dity of the Grat.d Jury to ex
;im. nc t'r.e case, and .by biiredu the p-rson
hii: a.df Iofvre tixm put him t-j the proof of
"Kwmg his furlough ; fwr the Granvl-Iury is a
body f.r cnqu'iinj; into lha coiumi;shin of
crime. aJ may commence its ievestigaticu en
i are uspijit-n.
I'ut tiirr are pers ho da tvi a'd
r r suainta n the deserter after he de.ort5,
I.;: who c;!:a! his ditsrt:on. Thej-e are
tifc tditious pbl'hcrs of ar'ic'es abusive of
t ne GovenOJcHts-Stat- aad Confederate ,f
p.o. my aR-ies exaggerating f ilstly the evils i
aT?j7 ...
of the wtr aHd its probable coutinuance
who
fa'sely assert that the popular elections are
ceatro'dtd by i'urce anJ fraud-that the Gov
eri.ment meaus to rerp-tuate itself bv its mil
taiy instruments, Ac. Saeh pet sens are guilty
cf criine ; atd it is the duty of Gracfl Jurors to
bring them to punishment.
Now let us eee what is Sedition. It is a
i.ou.iun 'w offence, and it is dtfiaed to he
either verbal or real Verbal, or the uttering
ot wt-rds tending to create discord bet wet n the
Government and the people. Real byconvo
cating a considerable number of people with
out lawful authority, ur.der the pretence of re-dns.-dng
some public grievance to the disturb
ing of the public tjeace.
We do not pritecd to set out ihn limits Lr
ho discus-ion of the political nets ot adminis
tratis:;?, nvr to .-co!; confine thc legit:ra?.te
freedom of the pres. We only mean to epeak
of whatcrcry fair untd will at once cumpre
. e?nd to be within the definition of tha crime
j hu it ion , as we Imve quoted it : The uttering
j of wrJs tending to create discord between the
' Govern meut a&d people.
I tbe.e of nesce ii is well to give broad
,cn to the freedom of speech, and n to
j note ' slipppicg ii.o license, beaue .t e
GevertiChent is able to tske care of itself, ar.d
j the evil of cnrtailh g free, speech is greater
; thu that whirls may be apprehendid fr -m its
licentious exercise. But in tioic of w-r, when
j a rjeojue ar iavadsd. aljH their bll ponied,
i thou til safety of society requires a restraint
! up jh licit, tiottsness. Compare with the de
Cniti'jif stdiiiou such publieatiots as these:
i " Ye have s?n the thi-.g cf trying to rota
I against bayonets ; " thereby meaning 'Jt th
! p pviur emotions are cutirnlled ty Govern
I meotal force. We consi!er Mr. Linc.lQ and
Mr. Davis fiiily fealed in th-ir respective
; chair duriug the war, or or life ; with their
I PryT.jt m irshals at every Uiwh acd vi!
J lae, and this whole. pe-pl? declared to be in'
i the uiilitary service th p-op'.e will sustain
O.it 'jn." Thereby meaning that the head of
'. our C-jrerDment is a dspct who f-uaiis to
' iAa u the constitution, and ho'd hi.-' "Wee f-r
! !ir ;v mili'sirT fnrtrc .nd that the rjnoole ar?
j '.' ,. " .- , tL, ,(l(.v w:m
!oia Hubwotiou to tnis force tfca, tbey will
I sur.tala It..
I And s you think they'd take militia
oSiciTS aiid' jHs:ii-s of th peaco ? Ofccnrse
j thoy wil!; evtiy oue of thf an between the agp.-?
! et 13 and 45, with the exception of a f-w
J faYurites, will be ia the army bsfore the fr.t
j tf Jiarch ; and as they have but recently rot-d
i to ' sustaia the Gyvarnmect, " and contir.uu
the vrar, we see uo rtafcos why thsy should
j i.(-t Uke a Li-id." Tbr'v'r,y rneaiiuig to feav
I lun ptotle be!ie that the GcvcrnmeBt ilacy
! iSfct). ai.d tdTioers of ths Stute iu the army asa
1 nutdhbnj'.'ut for their exercise of the right of
I burfraj;.
Ad do you tee end t tli-. thins?
' Sou. Mr. D.is caiitd n,ake peace, for 3
iaftT no idea t k ii t the fedora! Government will
' ?rv ctsient to treat v.ith him." Thereby
j oe?.siu$.to have thc ptole belier that thT
ctttit 8uiRtitiue sic othtr mode of negoliathm
with the enrruy than through the Govrrtsiuenr,
i r hav; iuti-rnViKab'e vr.
i X'v, do sucii publicatioHS insr.dre dixcori
be'.Tefcn the prop'e atid the Government? i'
J r.-j, they Ave 3uUwks and cri.utucJ. llai th?y
! iuch mr. They lead good ci'izer.s ?-
ppcse the "rar for ir.depf ndonre wldoh we
J rf- wa-i:;?: ; tley Icud ar?-ii to witho'd froiii
tr Go-rernmerit the means of carrying it on j
they jii.iu'l.tts PC-n avoid tho military i
sc r f i
' stimulate the soldier a.'rejid;
j t-errice lo df?e'rt, and tiiey hinder those who
have deertd from repent!p nrd returt:in to
duty. Taey thus greatly increase th arnou f.
! of ds?ertioa 2ii l they rc-.der f.rce ucce.ry to
j be employed t arrrt the carters. Tti'x
j publication ih't e fore , inlrt hicz civil vrar in(
i tht Stale.
lint where .nd how a.e ih?- crimes ciy.iz-
I able? Wo j;i'.yer, in crcry ;:ounty in whic'.!
I snch uubliu-iti'-ns are nut in circalution S.r
I that the p.iner M..h!:I i.-. such articles 'r
! printed in Rahigh, and is rent by it? pu'n
j lisbrr Lo Mecklenburg, Warren, Hd'fx
j E cmbe, Granville, .Cuaber'f-nd, NeT'
i Hai.)ver, or elsewhere. It is scdiiion om
i.-! it fed in the county where the publication is
: pat in eircr.la! ion. And if r-uch p ;biica:io!
s.re fr.-und in the counties we have mention.
or others, it is the duty of the Grand Jurors to
.nstigatv the matter i:id ha?e ju?ooe done in
j t'ae primi?es It would be wl'i t- tattle thr
' ou!fticu what is s-dit'.on bv such a cuurs.
i 1 "
i
i Fort THE SiKNEFIT OF Sot'THKKN Pk'SOK-
E. A fair for the benefit f Co n fed t rate,
i piisoars of ":ar at the Xirth, is to V-e held in
L uodo-j. England, in October, un-lc ths pat
i rutia io of Her Impieriil Highness tV e Princess
j ilurat, ths Marcbiouesi.-a of JUih, Ljihian
j a nd Ailesbury, Countsss of Che.-ttfrfield, and
j '-ther ditiij:uished ladies. It is sujg-ested
j that the ladies of the 6-uth may seud to tbis
fair spsciiaers of thtir handiwork for ?al.
! Such eontributu ns may ba sa::t to tha yiercu-y
j iftl-.-e, CharUton, South Carolina, and the
! will be forwarded to Louda.
t
A Uniform Scalk (r Prices. A Char-
; itte .apcr learns, from an i fScial source, tht
ia response to tho eugestions of the Com-
misaary General of Subsi?tence, C S. A., thw
merchants and shopkcbpers, i o Charlotte, v. ill
! iicreafter pay a uniform pries and no more,
for all ?ubs:stteuco offered far tale in that cur
; kct.
I We are opposed to combinations and as-s-I
ciatiios liaviac; for their object to force per
1 Gv.i to pay mure or Ies for an article or oh--j
ject than what is a fair and liberal eiuiva
I lent; but when ex'ortionate or unreasonable
I demands ar made for articles that all ar?
' compelled to have, ?-lf-protection and com
i uiou equity justify some such mo ve as tho
j ibovs The high scale of prices in tho
Ri!e5h mArk,t calls f.-r some action here
---
' Extraoedinakt. A uirl in Paris ia'elv
j tnrsed her head around with such a jerk that
' she broke her neck. A French surge jar soon
! after gave it a twist, the vertebrare was re
) placed, and the girl got well.
! More Extraokdinkt Still. In Raleuh
t ' .. . . .
: there ar uirls who turn other heads with
; such jerks that they break tl.eir htarts, and
! tiere isst a Surgeon in the whole place who
can " give em a twist and " replace tr.o
vertebra'." But the girls do this, also, wi'h
a skill more than surgical. Let the French
Surseon subside.
Some Yankee editors are under the impres
sit n that the Rebels in the Trans-Miseis-
j sippl Departme.it are endavring to cross the
j MissiNippi wldle others seem to think that
j a portion of Kirby Smith's firces irrs already
i en route to Hond's army. Some p;-:sons who
! live ou this side the Potomi?, and wlu pre-
tend to be posted about such matters, arc of
' the sane otdnkn.
Mr. Trenhcim. f
Mr. Secretary Trtuhslm is before tho
public ia anoth;r s'aort but pregnaut and
Taluable letter. Except the f resident, there
U no man . in the ciil department f the
and elevate the popabr hope af5d cenSuence
3 Mr. Secretary Trenhoim- We did not
participate in ti heivy fault-fiodin which
wa the rashioo a2aii9t, his prcdecss r. -ir. j others. After spirited speeches from Wi
Memniisger wp a roan rauh and ur-justly j an.;s'.,anl and Frnando Wo, d, the Conveu-
ahmrd by the public. He aever bad a ta'r
showiiiff ; and iBamacu as bo measure ol n;s
ever passed Congre5s. and inasmuch, further
more, a h tppi'.-d ht measures vrhicb did
p-a.-a i&d dii cc.itn 1 him, be is not only not
reflpofible for hia failure, but it has been im
posed on him by a power that he could not
resist. Thc appreciation of him by the Presi-
isnt, is aa assurance of his w -rth ; for Fresi-
d'.ai Davi3 has not mada a raistak, xcept
when he has been falsely dealt witn.
Bat more particular cir -umetances surround
Mr. Trenhoim. He romes to the head ot a
U-partuieat with t'ae reputation of a man who
has led the way ia the very darkest and
gloomiest an i mtist hopeless hour tha Con
federacy, to arsume those responsibilities
w ich hT9 !sd to hsr succeis. Ilia house
embarked in the business of furaisbiag from
abroad he absolute necessaries of the Con
federacy, whew it was at least not a hopeful
enterprise, and At a time when it was all-ira
iurtant tfeat sooie name uhoald be able to five
weight and confidence to eontiacts ia Evtropean
asarkets. Happi'y, Mr, Trenholm's bwus-e
combined the i.':ll tiai.ce of a house suuiJeetly
forein to inspire tho European confidence,
at;d fe'ttfticicetiy kndu at Ikhuo to duarm
the natural susphUa. It ft-as thus eaab'ed
to perfect much good and rea'.iza the just aad
natural profit.
Acd ilr. d renhoim cnnej tot'ashead of th
! Treasury l)partme;:t with aa adaptation tu
its neeessLiis. Iu the very iaost unpropitioue
hour of the uationai prospects, h ifid kia
house embarkad in a hazards us enterprise, for
boDentv.f the Republic. If he coupled
therewith as individual be:;e?.t, it detract ot ;
an i'ti from the weritof the nadeMukiug.
By bis bo'.d as.urance, his indefatigiblfi in
dustry, and hi risks, he has largely contribu-
i ted '' the foreign financial r.-co3itien vl the
Confederacy. And now he comes forward
with just aid full P'-fi- iWn a le-itiaiai
! and W.Ardou eftterp.-i'e, to -take his jams
J up. u the av-cess of the Copfederacy, and by
i tue c.ajmpriow w! a ii ga ofTic'ul conntctiou
with irs vuriiEnett, to :ve tna lrce ot jbi.
estimate of its woith an sfabilitr.
And he takes early a '. vantage of his position
! to irnpr:?s the public with this confidence.
! fie writes everer, -'stand by the Govern
' n-nt ncourge Coare ti Ho their duty
manful:?, ard there is sot thc slightest dangor
ati.-a.t the public debt.'
He ....! rinihes the people, as a tro friend,
as wc htve dope, "do not buy property at ten
time what it w'ii bri whrn the war is over
j while foreigners nr buying your 0, 7 and 8
per cent, bonds and carrying te.em abroad."
i Listen to this wise' counjedor. L;sien m
this experienced linancier. Listen to this dis-
iii?e- tste. i lover cf his coua'ry, tnat would ex
tricate you ficra national embarrassment.
Ar.d ch,re ciltzeas of North CarJiaa. ye old
j a ad wie; ye youtij and enterprising, "bach
i-p" this new i fii-;er, and help torn ti oU;o.n
the popularcoiifidcr.ee-. It is ia your iriteri-.at ;
ar.d that -of your S to avd country. Pass on
his abl-i practical i:ters to the public, to be
j re?.d by ell men :
ASOTUXR LETTER FRO& PF.CRKTAK.T TR5N-
BOLM.
The Awgwsta Constitutionalist publisho
the k flowing letter from tho uew Secretary o:
the Treasury : '
Trkasurt Dkpartmknt C. S. A ,
Kiciimnd, Aug. 15, 1854.
Campbell Wallace, Etq , President, Augusta,
Georgia
Sir. " I am reat'y ol.li hr ycur letter of
8th inst., which is conceived in the trn
tl
spfiit of a patriot If 'the pcepie s'ard by
the CJovermeut and encourage Gon:rei to no
their duty manfully, there is not the slight
est danger about the public debt. Our people
are committing an act o' great folly to be
buying property ef all kinds at ten times
what it will bring when the war isorer, while
foreigners are buying their 6, 7 and 8 per
cent, bonds and carrying them abroad. These
I bond will bring more in specie wheu paace
! ceines than tny are bringing now in curreu-
:y, and we wiil have to pay these stranger
; n lull whether we wish or uot; whereaa, if
w- kept the bonds at home, we would get
back, all the taxes collects . to pay trie- inter
est. I am trying to pay for all foreign sup
plies ut of tht prorirs ou cotton, and wshave
j nothing to buy with bonds and Treasury notes
,' but flour, com, meat and manufactured g'iods,
i sad to pay transportation to railroads. If we
I break down under such circumstances, it will
i ie our own fault, and we will deserve no
! body's co;a pa?don or sympathy,
j Yours, rpspeettuilv,
j G. A. TR EN HOLM,
Secretary of Treasory.
j A Good Rule. A certain rich man, who
' is very rich now, was very poor when he was
a boy. When asked hew begot his riches,
j he replied : My father taught me never to
j play till my w. rk wh finished, and never to
: spend mv mjney ui: I had earned it. If I
i oad an hoar's work in a day, I must do that
; u; i: i ,.r...iL:..
me nisi tuiny. anu iu a:i noui. x uu ituwi mis j iiicir potpiciju ctjrcny, uu inai iu ims ClJtl
I was allowed to play ; and then I could play an immediate armistice shall be declared of
with much iore pleasure than if I had the j sufficient duration to give the States and the
thought of an unfinished task beore my mind. penple ample time and opportunity to delibe
I early formed the habit of doing everything j- rate upon and finally conclude a frui f
iu time, aud it soon became easy to do so. It j Uoioa.
is to this I owe my prosperity." Let every , Resolved, That if in the platform and can
one who reads this do likewise. j didatcs of the Chicago convention, the now
pervading peace sentiments of the country
A goose flies by a chart which the Royal j shad h disregarded, and that bdy shall
Geographical Society could cot mend. A place another war candidate before the people,
j rue poet, like the goose, sails, witheut visible j making a third party of this character entor
Undmarks, nnexploded regions of truth j ijg the canvass for the Presidency, there wiil
which philosophy has yet to lr.y down upon ! be uo real issue to decide at that election
its atlas. The philosopher gets his track by ; Each party and each declaratien of policy and
observation ; the poet trusts to his inner principles will he alike on the fundamental
.-ense, and makes the straighter aud swifter i question of the day. viz: Shall it be peace or
i hue.
react Convention at Syracuse, N. Y.
tHr ciiicago nominls to bz comuittkd to
AN ASMISTICE AND CONVENTION CF STATE.
The ilass Peace Convention met in Syra
cuse, New York, on lat 'Jhurdy. Ihere
was a large attendance.- The most promi
nent rneu pres-nt were Yallandiham, Ex-G-'vernor
Welier, of California, Ferndo
. 1 1 I 1 l.
Wr-id and Ja?28 UOSeia-iKf anu a nuiuuer
t: &dopted the followia audi ess aud rrso-
lutiui;:
THK ADDRESS.
Fellov-Cit'zer.s The State Central Com
mittee, appointed by and representing the
Peace Democracy of the State, which mrt in
the city of New York on the 3d of June,
l$o3. be leave to report. that they have "di--
t -,.n.r. tUm .Inti- a i n:T ti"d u!nja them, and
V. - - 1
ask to be discharged. They cannot, howevt-r.
relinquish the trut wih-r.t ccrjgratniatii.g;
the Peace Democracy of the State upon the
change which has occurred in public opinion.
Although we have anticipated that ttm mer
its of the cause would speedily vindicate it
Kelf, we were not prepared for such a p;a3r:d
and widespread recognition of this iact a is
no becoming apparent. Two years aro,
when wa first took opsn grounds against tha
further prosecution of the war as repugnant
to fraternity and Christianity, and as tendio
toctrtain disunion, we did so atrdd the taunt-
and accusations of former puiitica't friend.,
aad with hazard of life, libarty and property.
We were deueunced astiaiiovs and iscouiiiaiie.
Others -who participated in our view were
likewise classed with the enemies of their
eouutrv, and the few public men who upheld
our doctrines wem pursued with .au uare
lentiftg partisan hate, ar.d the isquisitorial
proscription of a tyrannical, benighted ami iu
toleraut admiidstratisn. But in the face of
all this the cause itself cot.'rjUd U advance
in thc hearts and the patriotic affections f
the Noithtrn people. Au our arinios failef of
uotftSi- a the xpandvfii treritory in dis
pute became are v deluded with the blo-vl of
rour noble country voen, shel i a Iruitlcss effort
at coercion ; S3 ti bouth grow more determin
ed in proportion to the 'Jrowth of disunion fanst
icism'in the 2si th; as our rescurcua of men ato'
Uijey alik approached depleiiou undr th
mal-administfa:ioa and. iaafcecilby of those in
pver as the burdens and oppres.do-.ia in
cident to civil vrar began to be een ad felt,
and as the returning rpasoa cf the: Aniericaa
people ot both -?ctiea- bgan to enable the;
to realize the character ol the ful abyss into
which tiay were plun-ig, it was oovt tha
the bies.ed augl -ef pace'ban to be wel
comed as the only saviour and hope of cur
distracted laivt. Reproaches :ncl mi.-reiro-sen
rations ci' our nmtivts have now nearly
ceased. Tho?,o who but yesterday charge-1
uptift i a design Io divi i" the Democratic
party, rre themeelvfrf no loud in neinaudin
a recpnition f.f owr principles a.- a part of th
national platform ; while s me of ' the l0 :d, "
who havo heretofore s.istained this Admbds
tra'io'i, tiovr cnass to urhoid that tott-r:ri
dvnA2'v, making its refri:;al to lis re?i Jd ;o..r.-5
prop sit ions frim ihe South the scionnds for
scveriiitf ad connection with thefallinj; foriunes
of the powerless d "spot whose throne i.-j tr.u
see- to crumble to decay. We d not pretend
that by op.r exertions this change of "pinion
has been r.!fecte-1. It is to the truth and jus:i-e
cf thfe cat-e, and tha returnis'g jjnod eetise nni
atiiotism of the people that it may be mainly
attributed. Lst it- be the missit of the I)-.-m.
cratic or auizati n io c nna-.ilidate thu
sentiment and nv-ikc it effin-tive ::t the po!i.
Let everv num wfio loves his eon m try tirt? n-r
tUe reconisvd b-aders of this p-trty tne impoli
cy of ft;', tlirriiii? a cor tinned proseonti n of t'
war. Let tiir U: :n jcra'ii k pir'y be true to
itself and return to the revered and tim
h on on red principles of whtdi it ws originally
founded by the great Jerlerson. L-tit rcspmd
to the pervading heUef that this war cann-.C
and houl not. be longer waged aair.t
sovereign S'.ites md that it is only by Cwm-eiihitir-n
i:S assent that a noble people, " wV 3
kc-.w their rights and dare rnaintain them, ''
can be kept within those political bonds which
wore made for " domestic p-ac4 and tran
quility, " and uot for domey.no war, violence
anl bloodshed. Wc offer ti e foilowing re
feiduiio'io as further expressive of our seud
inents: RSSOLUTIOXS.
Resolved, That this country has been pass
ing through one of thoss fearful poli'ioal cu
vuhsions so frequent in history, when rio
!er;c attempts by fwrce to unda the work of
saes and patiioss, and thus, j, by resort
to the brute power of physical compulsion,
fubvert the fandameutal principles of freg
ffoveruments, created
! aud actiag through tse
goveruuieuts, created by dmue lnspiratu-a
genias ot mao.
Rtsolvcd, That it is with deep and heart
felt gratitude. to God that bow behold a
visible subsidence of the excitement and pas
sion which has accouipsDied this convulsion ;
that we think we see that the political and
moral tempest which has uwept over ur be
loved land with such devastating effects has
about exhausted its power, and that a sea?n
of returning calm and love of country in about
to replace it, in which it will be the duty of
thc patriot to bund up" anew the splendid
fabric .which suicidal hands have attempted
to destroy.
Resolved, That with these feelings and ia
this spirit wecall-upoa the American people,
irtespective f party or complicity io the
dreadful past, to aid ns io cur e-fferts to
take advantage of the lull in the itorro to
obtain a permanent saspnsioa cf hostilities,
acd for the initiation acd perfection of sorte
mode of conciliation and reconciliation which
shall again unite our country ou a lasiing ba
sis of peac. prosperity and fraternity.
Jlesclccd, That, speakiu for the many
thousands here assembled, gathered together
from every county of the State drNw York,
we believe that it is ihs duty of the coming
Convent3i3, to meet at Chicago oa the 29ch of
Augast, to give expression to this beneficent
spirit of peace, and to declare as the purpose
of the democratic party, if it sh&ll recover
poer to cause ihis desolating war to cease
by the calling of a national convention, in
j which ail the States shall be represented in
a..:. : ,l i. . l: . i
, shall it b- war ?. Ther'ore. w mi.. in imc.
' j i
i thai convention the folly of aiming to obtain a
j portion of those w ho are already war pledged.
The candidates al.'cady uotninaled represent
! all who cling to the war, and it U s-oun 1
j policy to gather together under our banner
; all who enter aia tho opposite sentiment, and
! are iu favor cf restoricg the conntry to its fjr
i mer corditioa of prosperity and happiuess,
j ordy to be obtained by the election of a peace
j Prrident, plolged to "the support of a peace
t po i v.
Jlc.-oh'cd, That we offer cur S'lmn protest
j inst the usurpaticn a-nl lawless desp .otism
I of the prcs-nt adminis" ration, ;;s subversive of
! th coDjtitution and destructive io the liberties
' of the pep!. It ba .denied to sovereign j
! States all eoustif uiftoal rights, and thereby .
I ..... VI1
! absoivis them from all allegiance. It his
j trampled down a naen that it m.y iostal a
I military despotism u'p 'U the ruins .' f io tiiu
i ii..;;ai liberty. It has and is still waging ;4
i bloody and nlentlss war for the avowed pur
! i-.,r- ofetenninatiuj eijrht mi'.iioi s of free
i en from the homes of their fthi-rs, and ,
j b'.ottinjx fr -m ihe Ameruvtii coimh tiatiou otiy
i ha!f of the States of tTe Uioii. Ithasfoui-ht
' t:aru..p and enlist tho most wicked aud l.ia-
linaut passions, reckless of all ends, if it but
subvert the existing sroverDinent and imivohite
! America citizens. It has struck down fre-
I d.?m of speech ad of the press. It has j
i stripped irom the American citizen bis
tun hi v. anu cousizucu nun m "-'
and consigned htm to tne ussiue
r . , " . . , , i
W.tii. tit process of law, wuu.m crui
without tne opportunity ot trial it has, by
mi itary, violently suppreised the freeonm of
j the badot and dictated elections at toe point
; cf the bayonet, lt tia annul'ed every c onsn-
; tdiiunal guarantee for the prote o.on of ibo
einz-n and subjected him to an irrepoulbie
ijn.iuj miwiaij ....v..
A'oZveci.That to the end that such wrongs
may be rrdressed and evil rcmovsn, auu ine
liberties of the people under the Constitution
rt-establisbed : that a free canvass and a free
'and unrestricted election is not only a. means !
of preserving these essential 1 ights, but i tho
very cud for wh'uh p-vernme.t itself is m-
stitutfed and must bo prrsi.r'cd at all hazards;
ad w warn tuis administration to desist its!
encroachments upon the rights aud liberties of j
1 the citizens vi our Jtate, au;l reaolva that we
j wiil not to'rat the rule of martial law, f
1 military intf rieren r. ith elections, r -my
i arbitrary arrests of our iddzens, to the main- j
tenancy of wl-ich vre ple.4 our lives, our ;
fortunes and our f acred honor. I
R-solved, Tnat the reply of President Lin-; evei.e. W 11 fr,ns., in tid liMt ; .! N
colu to Messrs. CU7 and Uolcomb, mat ;iny : 80m, h'm.ulder slight.
propositions looking to the establishment cf KilieJ iu 1, 4. wo,ir:(. l, 11 in' d
peace on the bas.s of the iuti'grity of the ;
j whole Union mas', as a condition precedent, j
be also accompanied by th entire abolition of 1
j slavery before they can bd entertained, is an.
i .dlicial avowal that the object of the war is
not for the restoration of the Unmn, but the
j 'destravT ion of slaverv in ihe Southern States :
j or peroianent separad-m, and furnishes nn-,
! miaUtkable evideuee tht the party now m
:0'.ver nave fit
.'mhd th ...hb'. ilo the r-arit
its of nn'imitad weans and money for fr:e
purpose of prest'i'virg the Union, which they
h.ve uf9-l and ar sT:! u.sin for the 1jh end
ot v vi.rth'owiior State if.siini'.ion, advancing
party iutsrests, ,nd ea'ahiisjing tuern iu pi
maiui.t despotic power.
. , - r. -o
ftesolvc i , Tu at it is our b uodon duty, and
wiii be our glorious privilege, to bold iu last-
in: reeolb-ction lhose- fearless men who, in the
na.ioiial eourtcds, in the press or in popular
iu-emt-l'.os, were violating no law of .the iand,
but, in defence oi im perilled liberty, have
stood vip for the psopie.'ri right:; and declared
for peace. We a "so shall not fail to rometn-
btr riuss glorious men who, imprisoned in
reati!es, driven mt exile, subjected tu gross
i'.idu'iiities or su5-red iniurics. renroaches or
, tne loss of liberty aod ropcrfy. And the;
DeMofratic party hereby solni'-nly pledges '
its faitn and honor that ail sticn persons (and i
troir families, should iheir own lives be sac-
lid -ed.) shall bo distinctly remembered ,-.r.da-
.buadautly. rewarded awd honored in due time,
Aud we now most distinct! v announce thot
sach hacriC-.eJi- in defence r.f imperii!; d pno-
lie ii!Mties, in this eventlu cri.-is, will, lirstof
all be onsidered in the day, which wo ..trust
is not distant , when the great I)m oeratic
prty fhall be reinvested with tna reins 01 na-
tional government.
Resolved, That to the end that the opiniona
and principles of tho peace Democracy of
this State, as cxpresse L herein, way be repre
sented at the Chicago convention, and may
be properly urged on that body for considera
tion and adoption, we hereoy appoint the fol
lowing named gsnilefiien a comm ttre of one
b om each Congressional i!ltrict to represent
us fr that purpose, and, while we disclaim
any intuition to die ate to or to disturb the
harmony of that body, wc, at the same time,
claim our right to make suggestions a' d to
present vicwif iu fuvor of -correct principles
aud soui d policy.
From the Trans-Mississippi.
JrVe have some very agreeable and interest
ing advices from the Trans-Mississippi De
p irtincnt. From lute orders ifsued from head
quaricrs we learn that Genaral Bucktii-r suc
ceeds Gen. Walker in command tf Vcsttrn
Louisiana; Magruder takes the Depattmeut
of Arkatisas, and Walker commands tbe De
partment of Texas. Rrowr3vide, Texas, has
bceu evacuated by the Federal. Tbis takes
the last Yankee foot from Tcxa seil. We
have other good news from that quaiter,
which is embraced ia tha summary below :
Price is said to be njuvipg on Missouri.
Lieutenant Generi Dick Taybr was. at
Alexandria:
General Maxey attacked a camp oT Kansas
troops withiu six miles of Fw t Smith. He
reports tho capture of one hundred aud fitly
prisoners, (Sixth Kansas cavalry.) three hun
dred small trms, acd four hundred six
shooters. He has pushed Generals Gano and
Staudwatie towards Kaasag.
Geo. Joe Shelby is playing sad havoc with
the Y'awkces ou the Missouri border. He re
ports over three thousand recruits since his
aJvance.
Texas is free iroro the tread cf the enemy.
Louisiana nearly so, Arkausas is iu a fair way
to be rec vered, and Price, it is known, i
'biding bis time" for a tel ing blo.v fur the
ditenthralment of his own State.
At last accounts General S;erle was at Lit
tle Rock, but so exhausted in. strength as to
have little power to harm.
The new depitments inaugurated by Con
gress at its last session are getting into suc
cessful operation, and promise to realize all
that was. expected, and the spirit of the people
is bold, chceiful and conixleut.
Ib a word everything in the Trans-Mississippi
Department is represented as io excel
lent condition, and the crops are splenuid.
Returned by Flag of Truce. Tho fol
lowing North Carolina officers paroled and
returned frvim the North, came up on the last
flag of truce steamer, viz : Lieutcuauis J. A.
McArthur, 5 1st regiment ; R. W. Be!o, 5Gth ;
II. Mc Each em, 51st.
Camp -18th N. C. T., Auj. 22, 1S04.
Elitors Confederate : O.i yestciday, thn
21st, our brigade ('vke's) was ordered l i
support IUnsomV Ifiade in an attack upon
the enemy, who still lipids, a: y.ri no biht
have alicady Icame.!, tho P tersburg cw Wei
don R.i'ro'id ; n.l ilthougn we did Lot hav
to d ay acui d ligbtiug, our bnailo ud-r:d
comidrabiy from sholang. in a rhire w
made on lh Y t'ke'. li.ie-.. IVib.v p'easefirid
list of cwuaitj's in thc BrUad -:
Fl FTKKNTH UKG I MB NT.
Ser't Msj r K Porter, wour.ded fdtihti :n
hh- uldt-r.
Coutp;r,y A: Wm'f.ltd. P;ivale G'f.re A
J jiics, sete-rely in nde ; Pftr HMeiit-s, tr..!
ster.
1J : KiilifJ. Ae!i..4 I-ut W P Rich ardv..,,.
Wou;nS-d, Private il G Ervi.i, etriy in :d ;
ii i Kott, slit htiy iu nrni
C: Wounded, Serg'L M Jrra'd, slightly i.
face.
Wcurded. Ptivvc U T Mor-au, heal
severe.
E : C apt Vi II J ill ird, missing. Wouu le i,
Priv-t-s.Tno Ii (,r.l, J G Clayton, U G M t
tm. ii S Strickl ind.
F: Wiuiii led. Serg't S Patterson, iri f..t,
slight; IVivate W ii Smith, in foot slisht.
Ct : W'-oiudcd, Sjrg't L C Guptoj, i:x 1-g,
II : WouudeJ. Lt 1) S Th impon, left arm,
. n..;.. .... vv. i ... .: ;. : i. ... i
wcu;-, i ioiiic mil ji.ir, mihio iu iui'i t
t. w ... p.... .t.-., ; .
hauH A p. L
Wa,ivJpll m..ruily w-)U,ubd, s".ace died,
j R. t . t Dil;tul jarrej b M;ll8jL
, WMlUlicd 1Mval DilTi(l K-m.e, slijut ii
. f D s ,IarlT .fi h vu . w W
:ifl 0.j bv'shell ; R 11 Brczw.ll, (corner
, to(j0l( Cvw.ke ) severe in j t ii.
i u 15-;, Re;;iine.t Killed 1 : wounded 2 ;
n,isinjr . total 20.
TWENTY-SEVENTH REGIMENT.
Company A : Privts 11 Ward, jirrcd by
; shell; L E Watson, shot himself in hand ( ic-
ttallv)
, W-'ui
' . VlU'i4r
untied. Private Snm'l Crsjn, flight
in shoulder.
F: Killed, Private John Miller.
G : Killed, Piivate S G Lklmrt ad E S
Faucet t. Ywunded. Private J C ilanner. iu
back slight ; M Aduus, in foot s'ight; P
bano, in hand slight.
11: Killed, Capt. Manker. Wou-,d-!, Jtv
A William-, shoulder ; Snj't J JJ Little, io
wrist slight ; Piivaiq YV 2 IK..,i. i., I ..... I
vrvTV i'vix iuvmwv-i
lUuLl-blAUl ULGlalL.W.
C B: Killed, privates S M-ss. Wound d,
private C A Waggoner..! G Eiward.
: Wounded, Corpl E ilanis ncvortf, private
C il Gri-s m nf-n-re.
F: Kille.i. C-pt Thos Rrwrson. Wounded,
private G Jcrrold.
OUlT'el, O'lVat" Ii l fcOe! in let. J
r, 1 n. ,,
C Varcer finger, E P Sti:nia Severn.
H: Wounded, privates Abel R ddle, shoul
der, T Ii H iir shoulder and neeu.
1: Wounded, private W S Kendall severe.
K: Y undei. P E Aruey.
ICiilcdiu tegitneut l.Woiitided 12 lot J .
FORTY-EI G :1T!1 REGIMENT.
Co. A: Weunded, private M M 1 1 o w i
; s3v're
j R:. Woundod, private W A D'-ir sever?.
I): Wo'itidl, piiv.iie W II Biek'-r.
; F: Wouaded. priv ( A M Nesbit eere.
Tdirsio"; V M Wh ir'ers.
i II: Wounded, pi-valca. (i.o K isfer, ;.4p r
; Black, Jim K Laiuheth severe, Mtiicai Ilait-
, ly.
I: Missing, private R II Hies in.
Wouuded U, ndssing 1 haai 1J.
KECAI'l lX'LAl I N.
, loih Reg Kiibd 1, winded 24. nising I.
27th R g killed 4. wounded 1 I, ji isin n. n.
j 4fV.ii R g killed 1, w-umded 1'J ni. in- none.
' 48'h Reg kdhd nt-.e, wounded 'J. mi.ving 1.
j Total, kilVd 0, wouc.i' d o'j, nvs-irig vi.
J Ti-.tal casualitier in Vri.r(! t'A.
j Piivate L. I). Smilhdeai Co C 4Mb Rcg
j died ut Winder iicypnal of dysentery, A'ignt
; M b 18G-I. lour., truly,
DAN.
IIl'lADyU A RTtUS 2KTH N. C. T.
August I'J.h. 1804. 5"
A list of casualties in the 28th N. C. T.
August lGth.
C- A Killed none. Wounded priviteJ.
H. Walker. Mis.-ing none.
Co C Kilbd none. W (funded private J.
P. Spenctr. Missiri-; noj .
Co E Killed none. Wounded none. Mia
sm:: private C. T. Sides.
G) F Killed n.u.e. Wounded Corpl . J N
Marler. .All-sing private l 11 Speer, W A
Spter and R M Rash.
Co H Killed private J C Holr. Wound
ed Scrgt M i! Jo ly and Noah Cdne.
CI Kdled uono. Wooudei n.jue. Mis
siug private J 11 Martin.
August iSth. Co B Wounded piivato
Albert Dvis.
Co C Wounded private Wi'dlain A Maittn.
Co G Wounded private W Durham.
Recapitulation, Killed 1, Wounded 8, Mis
sing 5 Total 14.
R. S. FOLGER, Adjt.
2Hth N. C. T.
North Carolina paper- please copy.
From East Tennessee.
We are under obligations to Maj'T Wallace.
President of the E ist Tennessee aud G"'igi
Railroad, for sane interesting anichewrtng
news from Eot Tcnaeosee and other joims.
We have intelligence that Gn. Vaughn
has been placed in ommau 1 of our forc.cH
now advancing on Kooxvillc and Lower Ex'-t
Tennesson. The latent nevs locates ibem it
Balls Gap. No doubt tbe plan is to co-operate
with Gen. Wheeler.
Captain E. Carues.-of B:a Iford's Ugimnit ,
Vaugn's Brigade, whose ga'dant escape from
Andy Johnson's Nashville prhon we Lotieel
orne weeks iifsce, it seems Vip.h his company,
has been watching ti e llawgee ami Tennes
see Valleys He has captured a number of
Yankees aud bushwhackers, destroyed a con
siderable amount of butlers' Btores and sup
plies and retaliated on -several oCthe East
Tennessee tories lor their brutal treatment of
Southern families.
Captain Games says the crops are in fine
condition i that section, and that so far our
friends have tad enough to live on.- The de
termination to be independent of Yankee rule
is more intense than ever. You cau give a
Southern woman a letter, aud if important
to the cause, it will travel forty miles per
day. No doubt Captain Carnes was with Col.
Rowan (of the same brigade) in bii raid on
Loudon bridge. This bridge crosses tie
Tennessee river 30 miles south of Nnoxville
and is 1.700 ftet long instead ot 780 a joatod
yesterday.
r