y y
- - - - ' i in ii mii i ii KM!tfHMiaatTUMMaBMWaaNkMM4
THE CONFEDERATE,
' ADVERTISING-.
ADVERTISCULNTS will be inerWd at TUBS)
dollars per sqnsreef ten lines (or less) for satk
iasertioa. Msrrisge notices and obitaarles wlil
chargsdas adrertisessents.
JOB WORK.
JOB WORK wf everv description will be a
ecuted at this Offic with dispatch, and as neatlj
as can be dote anywhere in the Southern Coa
ederacr.
' HE CONFEDERATE
(7Z
4. H. (iOKaiX CO., Proprietors.
TERMS :
DAILY EDITION, for 6 months -
1 44 12
TRl-WSEKLY,fortmntki ?"
j -a
TT LEKLY EDITION, for months : '20
Xo-uoscriptioBswUl b receded o any other
t-m than the boTe,nor for a lner or .horter
7
D
VOL. 1.
RALEIGH, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 25, 1865.
NO. 41.
i r i oO .
if
Ft
11
Of
The Consolidation Sill.
Congress h:is had i.o meauw i- fare it
more importance than the Coi:olidati..n Vilt.
Many Regiments. Battalions i:d Companies
r fallen below tt inuurRiini, and mere
havt
ore Mipcruumerary fficer in lare
uumbers,
tion without fettiegs of indignation and Lor-
ror
Such was tie forcible lai.guage ued by
Mr. Dick in his late speech in the North Caro
lina Senate, to express his opposition to the
i i i . . v. i a
- . . . o. i i r a i .... i a L . lis r a i nri
who have no soldier? to coiumauu. j itc oi me mj;rQ 5 a aju..er.
effects cf this Etate of things are, that these j ripusly declare 1 "that the most furious Juna
orgar.iziti..ns hav deoled upon them labors j tc that ever wore a strait jacket, could not
aJd duties Yf)rb it is imp.is.ib!? for them to devise a more dangerous and rapid Echeme
dcharep and the officers are subjected to ; for the ruiD of the South, anatoaiie vuu.u
exp urcs in much yreatfr degree than if
their ranks are full for a lleirucnt, Battal
ion or Company t-innot b called on to per
ioral duties ami fae danger according to its
numbers, but jreat or smail, it answer to the
cal! maV upon it as iti organized b dj.
It will hi aven at or,c then, how iropor
tii.titwto the iroojsand ofiicers of these
tli,..ini,i e.l crf5niziti, bat w.nie teps
Ph.u! 1 be lake'.i to remove these eUs. And
thy rtsult has been that, after full counsel
and discoi-JD with the chief military
t-fiiccrs, a bill Las been introduced -before
Congress, to consolidate those who fall below
the "minimum. I5ut erery oue will sea hw
,1 the ntccssitv of such a policy, loe
toOner expeci a oireci njirncniuua
tion of Ileaven to free us from our impending
dar.gcH ; would .socner expect the sun of sum
mer to stand still," &c.
Now, we are cot inter dins; to call in ques
tion the taste of such a high flown and -plrlulite
denunciation of a policy by Mr.
Dick, to which Gen. Lee has not only given
his sanction, but his earnest advocacy. Nor
would we expect to distrust tke self-satisfaction
of Mi. Dick with ids own cpifion. On
the contrary, we will do h'm the justice to
say, that we doubt if he were at all conscious
of Gen. Lee's opinion when he gave vent to
his own. But it is not our purpose to com
pare Gen. Lee and Mr. Dick in any aspect.
uiimhe'of a regiment, the letter of a company, fjere is what we do mean to invite Mr. Dicks
, JmrnHtatiz'-d TV deeds of valor , ih attention to. lie seems to have a horror of
fa
i of a rcyiwut s:
with the
scarred and rent
! r
balls of the enemy M?crll;cu win uv.uw v,i
batka wherein it has been c-)r.pieunUs,has
become pacretl. The gallai.t otlicers and brave
men who earned gUry for the numbers and
the letters, and wh J cius-d the inscription
i:pon tl.-se ia.niurial bittlo Hag?, how can
ihej bear to part with these chosen emblems
of their glorious Eervicol
Again, privates, by this consolidation,
will be separattd from Utile and camp com
rade to whom they are bound by the ties c f
along association, whoso habits they lave
le-arurd to conf irm ti; whose reliance in bat
tie they have learned to appreciate. This
reparation will be one of intense feeling to the
pohiicr. These c-ffioers, many brave and
j,nod ones, must necessarily be dropped
mu-t lj?e the commission, f'r which they
liave Ubdrcd, and must br gin aprln in the
ranhs. We trar this measure will beget
-rent diss-ilisfiction, heart-Lurniog and sor
row. Ii ouht not to Lc a1optl except on
t!.c most strinpnt npcesty. At the same
time, it is absolutely certain, too apparent to
be dicwd, that sowethin must be doac to
till up ihtve organizations, or their consolida
tion, with all i:s dutres-ini; incidents, is in
cvi fcble.
We Hiicerely trust that the patriotism of
the North Caro ina Legislature will be stimu
lated to hriu out every available resource, o
. t.. nve the war-worn veterans from this
employing the nero as a soldier, but he
seems to have an equal horror of employing
white men ; for be prevents it by every vote
for exemption that he can possibly give, and
he bitterly opposes the conscription" acts of
Congress. Thcu cither he thinks we can
fight successfully without ir.en, or that we
have men enough to fight with, without any
more ; in both of which ideas Gen. L e will
quite as much disagree with him.
Again, be secsns to have a horror of cub
employing the negro to fight for us, but bis
cquar.imity is Dot at all disturbed by the ac
tion of the enemy in employing him to fight
dgaiiist us : for he does Dot make a sugges
tion by which this may be prevented.
A sain l.e seems to have a horror of our
freeing the negro after he does fight faithful
ly for us, while he ignores entirely that the
enemy free him at once, to induce him to
flht ajainsi And when he opeDS bis
eyes wide in'holy horror on the ntjjroes be
ing turned loose tree ia our midst, after aid
ing to secure our imkpondeucc, ho shuts
thtm tiht to the palpable fact that if the
enemy succeea, he win turn loose m our
midst an army of negro soldiers set free, and
employed in fighting to subdne us.
We are enveloped in the mazfj Z this
philosophy , and can't see our way oVol it.
Somebody has been suggesting a comfort- J
ing idea to the Wilming'on Journal. It is :
known, the Journal says, that" there have
been tremendows freshets iu nearly all our
Southern livers. The Roanoke baa been tear
ing away farms, breaking dams and washing
off bridges and the Neuse has ben following
suit. All the rivers in South Carolina nave
been and are mightily swollen, so jmucb to,
we learn, that Sherman has pretty certainly
been forced back into Savacnah. An imme
diate movement on his prt is said to be im
probable. ' ' . -
Now, we feel assured, says the Gojdsboro'
State Journal, of yesterday, that the attack on
Wilmington and the advance of Sherman in
South Carolina, were intended to be simulta
neous, but it would appear as though Provi
dence had again interfered to prevent the
success of the enemy. Unless v e are very
much mistaken, he cannot advance for some
time to cme. Gcdi ou our side here, or at
least circumstance? have occurred and are oc
curring tbfit lok very n.och like'a special in
tervention in our behalf. The belief is a
comfoitiog a re-assuring belief and we do
not wish t3 permit any skepticism to deprive
ourselves or others of the strength and confi
demerit imparls.
For the Confederate.
THE LIXES OF GESEliAL LKK.
BT J. X. MILLS.
Let ntultuiH in part be the dote
By which we tune our faint heart lyre.
Bow will its grandest music float, -
Ia eloqnce of living fire;
LeU vnity tke tpirit be,
In and behind the lines of Lee,
Then wUl the gates of tyranny,
K'en tremble t th spirit tread,
Of our uneubjagoted dead.
Shake off your torper, daughter!, eois 1
Would yon iSvitb the Yankee $lv,
' To rit on yonr nttira turf,
And wring year heirt-ttf iegs to the gravel
Oh, listen to the hopeful glee.
That thrills the lines of General Lee,
And grim Despair willquickJy flee.
While with one arm, e-ne toul we'll rush,
Where Freedom's pnrest water gash.
Oh ! look upon Theraaopylaj !
Flaunt high the flag of straggling Greece 1
Trust under God, our own strong arm,
And ileaven will send us gtorioue Peace.
Then, sweet, from every hill and lea,
Will rise incense of melody
And from the lines of General Lee,
Will march the great, immortal band,
That saved and our native land.
Warren County, N. C.
Incendiaries AboDtI Wo leam, that
some miscreant attempted to set fire to the
rtsidenc-e of Mrs. Cnrter. in the Eastern
Ward of this city, on Tuesday night bast, but
fortunately the fire was discovered in time to ar
rest the flames before much damage was dene.
The fire was built under the house, above
which a considerable quantity of wood was
stored, and combustible material piled around
to issurc ctmmunication with the floor
The smoke poured through the cracks of the
fl w r to such an extent as to waken a servant,
v hen the alarm was given and the firex
tiuguished. This may be but th beginning, and our
citizens should be warned and on the alert to
prevent a more successful attempt to fire the
town. Our night watch have a most impor
tant duty to perform, aud all should be vigi
lant and watchful.
The Right Spirit. , . .
.nrrsDtrg to ma the following patri
otic MMitiruPuts in these times of reverse. TLe
galling t.ecesrity. There is exempted mate- j vriter is nt sutjcct to conscription under the
.nmi'di in North Carolina to k- ep every , h, -,n a9 ne o?s to a class that all
Iv.tta'.ion or company io..e in
re-
arc aluu-
rreiRf'nt
xninimum mark. Wc trusfthese excmpt,.ns
will be diminished; that our representatives
and people will make cue united effort cf
sistance agur.st our eneuue.
dantly able to resist successfully. With
Le?'s army never detained, with other armies
canable of a full and sree-iy reinf ..rcatnent. is
it V.rfible ti.at the. peoit mr.m to let t..e
cause be abandoned ? O. that eur wurdscould
i.nvcy to the people of Noith Carolina on,e
aduiuate id a ot the mierie in st re f..r then.,
if till, cutest end in the ae- ievement of the
,.,,mj', psirp.'ses. Tiieo we are Mire would
i c- cheited an u-.oivhied, entiiusi .stic and
t-i.urapeous di W nun atiou that would secure
cur it d. pt ndti.ee.
u
nc
Cheer Up.
The CV lumhia GuarJain of the 14tb, says
it read ilipatch two days ao iroui Presi
dent pavisVoagi nt'einan f that city, iu which
he says that he will use every effort to defend
and protfct South Carolina, and that he lov.s
her as Much as the Yankees hate her. We
ate much encouraged by these declarations of
tke President, as we believe them to.be sincere.
and to sigoify a great deal. Wp beg our down
hearted readers (if we have any) to remember
that the safety of South Carolina ia now the
safety of Richmond and the Government itself.
We are thus identified with all that claims
the protection of GeD. Lee's army. Surely
that is a tower of strength upon which to rely.
Meanwhile every hand to its work every man
to bis post. We live not for ourselves but Lt
truth and God.
Shebmak. The Wilmington Journal faj,
there is pretty stron? reason to believe that
Sherman commenced heme movement on Friday
er 5atuiday last from Tort Reyal Harbor. Any
movement undertaken from that place seems
necessarily designed to operate against some
point is South Carolina.
Jrom puDdry giving? entin Northern papers,
it might be inferred that a prt of Geoeral
Serrusn's forces from Savannah under Slccuro,
wtre intecded to move against Augusta, and
thecce strike across to Columbia, S. C, distant
about seventy five miles across the country.
VTe yet thiDk that the freshets still prevailing
in Georgia and the Carolicas most seriously in
terfere with any immediate movements, although
we camot calculate upon this interference last
ing over a few days.
v7e have received the Daily Telegraph, a new
paper just commenced at FayetUville, by Mr.
w . II. Bernard. We extend to him the right
hand of fellowship, aad welcome him to 'the
corps tdittxial. .
Conecuh is neeueu uauumv, "v1.v
so. If all were actuated by this spirit, there
could be no fear as to the reeult of this contro
Tereey with tbe ncrth. , The letter was written
to a conscript Ciccr. We give the following ex
tiact. With regard to going iuto the service, I fel
about it as a matter of duty. It seems to me
m
that now is the time, and from now oc, ior
every man to do his part for the good ot his
ervuse I am not depressed, but have an abidiug
corfiieucc that we will accomplish our indepen
dence and freedom, provided treall do our duty
really a&tl
net from
the word but really to do my individual part
ia the creat work that is to be done ; that is,
i h. aeeotepUshed; and if we do not all uo
r several ptrts, we are a ruined people. I am
t diaappciuted at tbe centiuuacce of the waf.
Where the end is.no mnn can say. It lsinOoa s
haodi, and He will surely bring it to pass. But
ueverthless we must work we, individually,
must work must do our severul parts at the
proper time, at the proper place, and in the
manner, uou granv iuat. a mj
Tbt$ present sensation in Richmond is the
arrival and departure of F. P. Blair, and the
mbsequent advent of Mr.' Singleton, a peace
democrat. Mr. Blair seems fo have conduct
ed bis business with wonderful secrecy, so
that not any one of the Richmond press has
been able to fathom it. Many conjectures
are afloat, all leaning to the supposition that
bis was an unofficial Tisit, madeforjb T"r"
vo-e or op-emus mc ry to negotiation tor
ueaee of a more official character.
We are very sure that any prepositions,-
having in view tbe termination of the war by
an honorable peace, will receiva at the bands
of the President just consideration, nd that
nothing will be left undone, on hi, part,
which may aid iu bringing about so desirable
result.
It has been said that war has produced aa
increase of profanity and the other attendant
vices. This is untrue. War serves only to
unmask character ; it does not materially
change it The man who is a profane1 swearer,
or a drunkard or a thief or roue now, possess
ed these traits before ; the present unsettled
state of society is only tbe occasion for . their
displav". The soldier vr ho steals his comrade's
L haversack now, had it in bis heart to steal
I . . . ii- . ; 1
before ne became a soimer ne was resiraioea
only by public sentin.eut or the fear of punish
ment, or deterred irem tne execution oi nis
dssigns by the abscence'of a good opportunity.
The man who demeans hiniseit disrespect
fnllv before unprotected ladies now, would
have done so before the war but for the fear
of corporeal punishment at the hands of some
amle relative; tbe disturber of public worship
when civil law is a nullity, was restrained
aforetime only by a wholesome dread of stat
utes made and provided for the punishment
of the d sirderly and refractory
The man who steals, embezzles, or other
wise appropriates government money or prop
erty, would steal his neighbor's horse, or his
ox, or his swine, or bis purse, could he do so
with as little fear of detection and puuUh
ment. The official who makes seizures of private
property upon a false pretense, that he is so
authorized by the Government, would be a
.highway robber but for a wholesome dread ot
panishrnent.
The officer who is abusive and cruel, or
unnecessarily severe now, was a hector be
fore the war he was only restrained by civil
law.
The woman who is i upru'lent and im
modest how, had it in her heart to be so before
the war.
Tne man who makes a false return of tithes
now would have acted as did Anaanias and
Sapphira, had he lived eighteen Jitmdrrd
years j wv
lumbus Sun.
Frtn Wilniagtoi.
W received no Wilmington papers yester
day, except these of the 16lh, which ought to
have reached us tbe day before. We subjoin
tbe Journal's account of
THE SECOND ATTACK UPON WILMIHOTOS.
As already stated in Saturday's paper, the
enemy suddenly appeared off our coast on
Thursd.iy night last, aud commencd landing
cn Fridav morning at davligbt. On Friday
they landed a, considerable . force differently
stated by prisoners to" be from ten to fifteen
tltousand and to be under the command cf
General TerTy. Prisoners differ very ir.r.ch
about tbe number, knowing or pro'ctVmg to
knjw only Ibe force ou board the same vessels
with tbemse'ves, which we think quite likely.
All seem to agree upou the statement that
General Terry is in command of .tha laud
forces.
On Friday the bwmbardment of F rt Fiher
was heavy, especially so towards nightfall.
Up to six o'clock on Friday evening the cas
ualties by the enemy's shelling were some
forty -four, four being killed and about forty
wounded. In the wounded is include! Ser
geant Thomas E. King of .Soiitherlau's Bat
tery, who was acting- as a c uiier.
Mr. James A. Miller, chief Surgeon, re
ports fifty t wo wounded as being received at
Smitbville from Fort Fisher ou Saturday, alto
that three were killed, of wnich the name
trampled it under foot. He was wounded In
four p:ics. but not seriously.
ColoiM LamS was sIsj wmmdexl.
Not wore tt in 500 or COO wete lost. Very
few were killed tlx cur sid. The enemy's
bva is unknown, tut it is supposed to be very
heavy, as they alulted our works several
lims. '
A Deccntnt Snited te the Tlnei.
Tlie annexed letter fmm General Washiug
tn t (Jen Harrison r of the siguera of
the d'clarath n of independence is found in
hi Army and Nvy UerM. If the Father
1 1 his Country " ba 1 been portraying the ovu
'.it ion oi aifaiis in the second revolution, nov
ia progrers, be cuM net U yc drawn a more
f dtl.ful picture :
To It iij-imin Morrison :
DtAstSit: I have seen nothing since I
citne here, on the 221 in., to change my
Oj SMioii of men or measures, but abundant
reasons o bj convinced that our affairs are iu
a more distressed, ruinous and deplorable coo
ditiou than they have ten since ihe cora
nincement of the war. Uy a faithful laborer
i j:i the cause; by a man who is daily extend-
in; his private estate, for not even the saiall
tst earthly advantages, not common to all In
Cis?of a favorable issue to tho dispute; by
ort who wishes ike prosperity o! Amcric,i
Uiost devoutly, but see it, or thipks he sees it,
en the brtr.k of ruin, jou ate besought most
oiliest! v. n.v ;ear Cul. Harrison, to exett
are given in his dispatch. We cannot as yet ' yourself ju endeavortns; t ) rescue yonrcounirj
... . ....... . I . ) .11 . An Ia I . .rt rrf. k.
ay whether these were all killed or wounded
on Saturday, or include pait of th sufferers
on Friday. We learn than on Saturday and
yc terday the bombtrdmcnt continued heavy, "
although not heard here wiih any distinctness.
It is pretty certain that the enemy on Sat
urday bad succeeded in extending their Hi.es
across to tho river, which their skirmishers
struck at Craig's Landing the usual binding
of steamers to and from Fort Fisher and Wil
mington, and there captured the steamer
James 11. Grist. Ou Saturday night or Sun
day mondrrg tbe Grist, thus seized by the
enemy, was blown up by the Confederate
tt amer Chicamauga. The G(ii was a small
Quartermaster's boat, old and of no great
T lue.
As we write, about mid-day on Sunday
in such times there are no Sundays to which
at present we can lay claim the last rep-rt
we I ave heard is that things remain pretty
much in statu quo. The enemy are said to
be entrenehiug across the narrow strip of
land between Fort Fisher and Sugar L af,
he M udincr vi-ur ablest men to Vongr s.
These characters must not slumber nor sleep
. i : I. . . f nMSciniT iltnWf
They must not content themselves with tho
enjoy n.ent of places of houor or profit in their
o.vn' State, while the common iutercsts if
America are smould riug and sinkiug iu ir
repirable ruius.if a remedy is not soou ap
' plied, and in which theso also must ultimately
ue mvoivea.
If 1 could be called upon to draw a pktura
cf the times aud of men, froai what I have
een, he.trd, and in pirt known, I ghoulrl, In
5nn word, say, that idleness, dissipatlm aud
extra valance seem to hive laid fast hold of
4 rt of them ; that speculation aud an insa.
i tiabii thirit lor ncbef, s.'em to have got tbe
I i t r . ii ... ..: i
ln.iu.r p in :l every oioer cw iueiii a
almoi cl evf ry order of men ; that party diS
puti s and personal qutrel are the great bu
siness of the Uy, vtiile the tmrncat u con
cvrus o' an empire, a g-eat and accumulating
! dbt, and want of credit, whicb, in its coim-
j (JUI.C S, IS IBB in ticijiiiiiiK, -''
but had not landed tither b'rses or aitihery j secondary cousidcrav.ons, and postpone t iro n
Some deserters from the. euemyr confined now
in the military prison, say that the ene my's
force consists of seven thousand whites ' aud
four thousand negroes. This is perhaps cor
rect. Terry commands. ,
General Bragg telegraphed Sunday forenoon
day t dy, and from week to week, a if out
j efluirs wvre tho must promising aspect. After
drawiij; the picture, wh.cu, Irora my s I
believe to be a tru; oe, I need not new re
peat to you that I am alarmed, and wis' i to
tir mv ccuctrvirtn arous-d. I have n re-
F
that all was qnUt and that thre wa ,uo J sent meuts,-nor do I wish to piut at pirtic
cause for excitement or auprehension. lho lar char icters. Ihis i cau ueciare ro yo.i,
rnwnt nttemnt of the enemv is evidently I unon honor, for I have every attention paid
destined to be more pertinacious and deter- t me by Congress that I cau possibly expect.
mined than the last.
Information received here through scouts
says that the enemy, four thousand strong,
jrn-
ami i nave i-er.s n 10 n.tuiw mi .u'i
ia th ir estimattoa. But, in the present situ-
.: ... ..rt'..:i.G T nonnni ltln oalfini. TullfTrt
General Hospitil No 1,
Kittrell's SrRiN
January lGth, 1865
Histtry.
AH lihertv. what crimes are committed
in thy name 1 " It c might be permitted
to parody these celebrated words, we wouid
say, "Ob, history, what fables are propagated
inhy name ! :' The notorious Augusta
Chronicle, in arraigning the Government for
not seDding a pari of Lee's army to Georgia,,
says: ' .
It is said, however, that tbre were no
r.u f 0.r for this Duruose. Bat it is
JUHCO W Of- - ,
vain to allege tms, ween uuirrai u.oj
sent st trat time with au army to invade Ma-
proper
miue."
do
Messrs Editors : The question of- arming Tlar.d an(i Pennsylvania. That army could
the slaves, seems to be agitating the public h been gent to the relief f Johnston.
mind to a considerable extent. It may, or it Sieei had been whipped by Breckinriage,
e people ot tbis nnA fha Bnpmv had uo formidable army men
A. -WW f IT 1 Z Z I i m n a
tk.i.miiv the Valley oi v ir:ini.
the movement et Hiaiiy tuat Drouguv k
. Sihf-ridan.
m i km T w-w.. -
- . 3 C ,,. . cry A H.tM
A brief memoranuu-u oi iio j
will answer the above:
r rr.,ntrr with a force of nbout 15,000
men, rlovcd up the Valley, driving our small
wav not be the best for the
Confederacy, l win not pretena io say, uui
KiIa nnininn 11 Don the sub-
t fuithfully. I am ready to do mine I Congress exert every energy to
any expectation of gaiu in any sense o t "t7i,jnto the fie'd every able bodied man,
.... m . . A 1 l
d v,ake one grand etiort to accourpiisn
nur indeoendence. without the aid of Vhe
J:ive nuou'ation. Virsinia, North Carolina
a..d South Carolina are tne oniy oiaies in me
i: i
C.. federacy that have met tne consenp ,ou n,n. W E. Jones ventured
tv e uave r ""6"" - ,
fo.e Wnr him. June &, near r,ew nope.
rSintV
bim battle and was defeated with
in tne
then mov-
From the Petersburg Front.
Reliable scouts just in from the interior ani
rear of Grant's lines, report complete inactivity
on the part of the enemy, so far as any military
movemeut is concerned. Nothing is on the
tHpis, nothing, as far as can be gleaaeL even
projected. Tbe euemy is completely mud bound,
and in this condition ia c-lmly awating the is-
sue oi ioe muuunuw v.n-.
One thing, however, is very apparent in the
enemy's camp the incessant drilling of the
ti.. white and the black soldiers, but
particularly the latter, are dady put through
the rigid discipline cf the manual. In this re
spect, we think our on officers might be taught
a lesson. Discipline in an army is everything,
and the enemy appreciates it at its true value.
By it they have taught tneir negro irwps '
brave the cannon and the rifle, and by it they
... tr. .ueceed. if possible, in the coming
campaign. Our safety and the success ef our !
cause depend greatly on the;discipline eircited
iu vur armies, aud we cannot too cwseiy imiunc
ibe example of our foe in practicing it.
pi.. f th enemv were Kept qmei yes-
terday-scarcely a report being heard at the j
front. The accounts puueu V"
i. r .mav Kinir done the CUV DV
JOUruaiS CI grr -e ---- . 'Z
. .,- i fmm ftnnr to end.
a recent sneinng r mm
Express, 11th.
Captcred. A corporal; and I fonr men
escaped Yankee prisoners from Florence, .
) were near EliUtbtown,
laVt week, endeavoring .to cio he Gape
Fear making their way to Newbern. Tfcey
were detected hy a negro, who gave informa
tion of tbir whereabouts, d were
to the military antboritie. at Wilmington on
Friday .Slate Journal.
art to the best of their ability.
now East of the Mississippi over our nun- m, . w lf was killed.
dred tbousond arms ir lor seriously obstructed.
thtm De tasen; idbuvt uu r".". " r.." ., for the first time
bands upon them if it w,l . ib ?. yZJnhlic nronerty :
Let everything be tne4 betore wo put tne ne- ' hich & eoterrf 0n the 11th,
ero upon equality who " , u;ntarv Institute. He then
hearth-stones. Tbe idea of giving ireedom to ana uu i-hbi 0a tbe 13th and
uswhomayinwrrmsandfi,ht,ispre. ..i 2, railroads near
i.enn lavAAffrefl to QO mat. u u viv i
- T .ll,,.. On the 17tD te was nhiruiisu.uc
the Northern Government will issue a rroc.a- T'"--,. Lynchburg, preparatory
mation, giving freedom and granting exemp- with our lrcs near y ?S (JGeB-
tiou to all who may aesen our ranas ana uy " "3 tbat Gen. Breckin-
OUt uoues
ridge, with au inadequate iurco, was ueu
1 - . a. - I vnlihlirr. it
my, will innndialelj desert afom me leaning iro- - - - cptur. of
uchprocr.aioa from Abraham to- ' ffi Z ' oJL Ear.y
coin. . .1 ju h arrived at Lvnchburg on
Some are in favor of giving ourselves up to --- r,rpl Honter : when
England. Franco or some other power.- ne ""VMrhb puw-it by
!L.-cj;m. 44 hum rtnl -corte. the retreat oi tne inivcr u
JJieMr. y . T'l ..man it WaS BUCn 71CCJfV mo
hank God. We can, we must, and tee tn - v ". from Lee. The
rruiu va be miebt been spared for
Georeia. as tbe enemy bad no formidable
army then threatening the Valley.
ti-n'Wilmim?ton and Webbm Hoad. but tu
cd l apk, not deeming their numbers sufficient.
Th-y will piobably start again wnen rein
ftfjed. KILHED AKD W0UNDKD.
The following dispatch was received In re
late on Saturday nijzht:
Smituvillk, Jan. 14th, 1864
Jiurnol .it r- i
Fifty-two wounded received from ls-ri
Fisher to-day. Sergeant Latham mid (iiliispie
of Adams Light Battery, and Carter of Capt.
Tuwcirs CnTpary, killed.
v JAS. M I LLtiR, Surgeon.
LATER .
At half-past six last evening, (Sunday,) the
enemy were making a heavy assault by land
aud sea. The bombardmeat was going on
furiously. Gen. Whiting ebghtly wounded.
' At seven and a half the fighting was still
continued at the Fortthe enemy's infantry
foce far outnumbering ours. It is reported
that the enemy had succeeded in establishing
a battery tn the river above Fort Fisher and
below Sugar Loaf, cutting communication
with the Fort by water. An uneasy feeling
.pervades the community. The gallant de
fenders of Fort Fisher are passing through a
f.rrlble'ordeal. God grant That they may pass
. througn successfully. -
The following official dispatch from (reneral
Bragg has been kindly handed to us :
Sugar Loaf, Jan. 158 i. u.
Tbe sensational Teports about Fisher are
entirely unfounded. Official informant inra
Gen. Wbiting,f a later hour, roports enemy s
attack UDSuccessf.il. Fresh tniops are being
bent to him, and we are confident they will
holdU ' BRAXTON BUAGG.
p. S. Jan. 1C -6 a. m. Fisher was cap
tured at 1 a. m , this morning.
The Carolinian has tbe following :
FATE OF FORT FlHER.
We stop tbe,f ress to inform our r-aders of
Arid' why, if you are suflicicntly impressed
with danger, do you hot, as New York has
done in JhV ca-ie of Mr. Jay, send an extr
mrmbcr or two ft at le'.st a certain Umitwl
tir..e till the "real busbies of the nation is
put np'n a more reppoctable aid h.)py s-
tblishment 7 Uur money is flaw mum , ,
Mlty per cent, a diy in this city, and I shall
no' lc surprised, in the oerso of a few
Bvn.tb-, if total .-t.p is put to the currency
of i:; and yet an assembly, a dinner or slip
py tiiat will est three or lour nuu.ireu
i . . . , . . . If t- l ! n
piiuudii, wil not only tKe men cu irn nv.-i.ni.,
but cvfeti from thinking of it, while a grent .
part ot the officers of the army, from abaoluta
i.c. essity, are? quiitiog the i-crvice, and the
inrrc virtuous lew, rather than doth'n, aro
siuki.'.ghy sure degress. into be jgary nd waat.
I ag iin re.icat to you this is net an ex gera'
-a Z, .ATint Tht it is au alarming one, I do
r.t deny, and I on teas to yoa that I feel mora
reai digress on accouUt of the prentaprfar
ai.co of thiugs than I have at any time siuea
tho commencement of the dispute. Unt it U
time to bid you adieu. Providcnco baa here-tof.-re
taken us up when all oiher mens aud
h( pjs seemed to l)cdepartii3.froui us.
I am, yours, Ac,
GEOltGE WASHINGTON.
OrrtciAL Oiidkrs. The followini; order
as been is-ned fr'nn Gen. Oatlin s oflie :
Eiecalire Dep'l North Carolina,
Adjutant General's OrritR,
Bdctgh, Jan. 1 3th, 18C". j
SrtciaL Orders. No C.
1 The er.emv havioz azatn lat.dd on our
j coast, the Guard lor Home Ih-'fenco in the
C u .tie of Stokes, Yadkin, Davie, It wan,
I Cabirrm, Mecklenburg, Lincoln, Gaston and
Clsaveland, and of all the Counties lying Lst
of said Ojunties, will at once b cilled into
the Field by their refcpective IbgimenUl of
Hattalion Commanders, and forwarded with
all tK)ssihle dispatch to Gohlaboro. AU Com-
pany .mcers will ue rcquireu to proccu mv
Ytestop tne,fire w iuii" - . their Companies.
Ihe bad news just received t Hdqorie. . wm acd SufI0ffill of the ReS
t; aain our independence, without the can-
bcriDtion of negroes, or aid fn m any other
quarter. We are a strong, a mighty people.
We cannot, we will not be subjugated. We
are going to fifht this war to a successful
issue, nor ask tbe help of "any other man.
VERITAS.
Th Aaheville News of the 6th, received yes
terday, says some of Col. Palmer's seounts en
countered Kirk with there or four hundred men,
near tbe Red Banks of Chucky, a few days
since, and a Skirmish followed, in which the
scouts had three our fear men wounded. Being
largely utaumbered. the scouts fU back.
Col- Parmer, with a sufSciert feroej had gone
up into that section.
wrosneetive JlxecntiTe ap-
Kaba of Hannibal Haxaiuvot
Vi:M o. itiniiiir tr End and ; John P. Hale,
of New Hampshire, as Minister to France ;
o i m vi.iinffton. Jr.. of Delaware, as
Ministet to Hayti, and James J. bpJ.
Kentucky, (aow Attorney General,) as Minis
ter to Prussia. .
A Reporter Killid. Mr. George C.
Steadroan, of Staadmansville, Kentucky, and
..urM to Cantain Adam Johnson s com
mand, was killed on the lftn oi
Uorganuld, in his native State, in a hand to
band fight with tbe enemy. e w nuuv
krixrh the areast ana nveauuij .www.
-. . . f. Mm 11TTI
SUUio. . "77. .. , a
th war. connected witn tne wcu uuuw
press, and possessed . remarEanio taien. -
nhooograpnic reponvr. u :
;- l iont.n.nt Reall on bin expedition
:!TTu- rThMn..1cfl and was captured with
.ik. ensTarinv a. lonsr lmnnsonmeat. upw
his release he raturaed to Richmond ind re-
uewed his connection with tae prenn, o
.ifK & JAterminadoa to aid in the re
demption of bis native State, he laid aside t be
en and erasmng tbe sword, - nobly igbting
feU His remain were burned at his fath
er's residense, Stsadpanaville.
. t.v-. Ci.karfptl last niitht after an obstinate
X UI Srw -" .
resisUnco. General Whiting, and staff, with
about three thousand troops, are now m o
hands of the enemy. The conflict within the
Fort was a ' severe one, and lasted for, two
hours, hand to hand with the enemy. Wo
have no heart to enter into details, nor to
m.nt nn this disastrous event. We may
tell our reader however, that the gallant
Whiting did bis duty, bnt had to succumb to
sheer force of number ; having been asreulurf
on his sea, land and rear faces, by the soldiers,
sailors and marines of the enemy. Our read
ers may rely on us to give thtm the whole
truth after a few days
Tbe Goldsboro 8tate Journal ef tbe I7tb,
has the following :
' STILL LATER.
Private advices by the train last night state
that the Yankees wereshelliog our forces near
Battery GaUin, or Sugar Loaf, some four miles
from Fsrt Finher. . . ,
In refereace to tbe fall of Fisher, it is said
tbat the Yankee attacks were resisted to the
last. General Whiting behaved moat nobly.
After tbe enemy had carried tbe fort, he
charged them three times and each time with
hia own hands Iota dowa the yankee flag and
iments and JJattall us of the First, Second and
Th td Classes, as orgtcizM by Brig. Gfcaera
C. Leveuthorpe, will. repair to G ldboro', and
report to tbat tfficer, and be in readiness to
receive tbe iroips as they arrive.
ttt Tt i hond ard ex rjected that these or-
i ders will be obeytd with promptness aad
alacrity.
Br order of Gov. Vance :
J ft. C GATL1N,
Adjutant General.
m , Sr 1
I ram Adlawdv otfth fall of Savannah, Got.
Andrew, of Massachusetts, despatched agents
to tbat city lo recruit black loyanns ior io
national army, to be credited to tno quoa os
- . s?
tbat Sute. lie then aaked permission irwca
th Secretary of War to do so, which was
cheerfully accorded, and tbe documents will
arrive out about tne time tne urn ewu m
on its way to lassachusetu.
t.v it ii -not cenerally 'know
tbat the expenses of our g?00?0
ior the Yauk-e prisoner, is over 5200,000 a
day, or according to tj esnmauon
Trtnholm. one tenth of the daily exp Cf
the Confi4eracy.