THE CONFEDERATE.!
ADVERTISIITG.
rvn
A. 35- Mi RXAX & CO., Proprietors.
A D V F RTlsmUnTS wn U Inserted at Tiata
- eottaat per square of tsa Cats (or lest) for each
insertion arrisg notice and ebitaariet wVU b o
charged as advertisements.
JOB T70RH.
JOB T70RK of every description will be ea
seated at tfcts OSee with- dispatch, and as neatly
as can be dene anywhere in fee SoatiMre Cob
ecemey. c
TERMS:
PA1IA VDITION, for months 7;"";;"
" " - 1 " -."".. J
TRl-WSIXLY, for tt months J
vavKLV EDITION, for 6 months... ........
0
III ha received on any other
VOL L
RALEIGH, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 1, 1864.
Hrrw than the above, "or for a longer or shorter
NO. 18.-
.riod.
THE CONFEDERATE.
H ft
U S Lii lt,
-Trttififieiire and Trust
The late events show how little reliance I
Ave, the people, fcbould put. upon our own
judgment in the tnidt of passing events ; bow
carefully we should restrict our criticisms and
:i!nt uur opinions ou th 3 conduct of those
who are directing th affairs of the Govern
ment. The stales at issue is n 1 less than the life
or death of the social sytem among us : 00
less than ths liberty or enslavemonrof our
people. The stake at issue in the tremend
oua struggle, is summed op in these few preg
nant wds Life or d-aih! Liberty or slave
ry!; Independence or subjugation!!! And
these injocribable. propr rtics to be lost or
Fared, are submittal to the arbitrament 01 me
swo'd ; aud ih decision ii yetiu the balance.
Cm it be conceived 'that any man or set of
men can yet linger in our midst, who are not
vet up t a proper Apprehension of our Con
di t"fn and its consequences ? And yet thee
are! men, seeming good, well disposed men,
and mm of intellect, some of them, whose
conduct indicates an immeasurable dejiression
below the situation and its emergencies.
These men are constantly looking away from
the danger that begird society and threaten its
nrst vital functions, to hunt after individual
inconveniences, personal annoyances and de
privation, as though these were to be thought
uf, in comparison with the startling perils
which surround society oa every hand. They
turn away from the authenticated fact, that
our enemy having concentrated his strength,
his hurled his heavy masses on our inferior
Lrce for days and weeks, ouly unable to over
come an 1 overwhelm them, because patriotic
valor supplies the strength of numbers, and
unconquerable determination makes super
human resistance agaiust otherwise crushing
odds. There are meu, wo say, Legi.dators
pretending to be statesmen, who turn their
backs on these imposiug facts, to grope and ?eek
after tonio conjectural interests of individuals
and classes, bound up, as thoy affeot to think
their insignificant interests are, in some rights
of the State. Hence it is, that instead of put
ting forth all the Legislative energies to fill up
the ranks ct the inny to enable Gen. Lee to
continue his successful defence, which is to
preserve our all, not o ily of State llights, but
of individual and social liberty and existence
thee men are found intervening, to keep
cutofthi service men and classes of men
upon whom the Government has a claim to
aid in the common defence, and share the
common burden.
There arc offic&is of militia and home
guard, and justices 'f the peace, mimWring
in theggregate from 5 to 5 thousand, iu North
Carolina, who arc competent soldiers W
do not say put thes men iu the army because
they are militia and home guard officers, aud
justices of tne peace, but we do say, examine
them, ascertain if they have dutieti requiring
them t bo exempt, and if exempted that they
will be most useful at home. If this be as.
ccrtaiued, exempt them ; but if not, then let
no political idea of States rights, nor any
other idra, keep them out of the service.
And so say we of every oue, ourselves inclu
ded. Let all be subjected to the severest tests ;
and wherever any nd every man will be
found most useful, there let him be sent.
Congress has properly, wisely, out of a true
regard to ihc rights of the States, left with
the Governor to pronounce on this point.
He is better fitted than the Legislature so to
pronounce. The Legislature is but ai aggre
gate of individuals, and we do not 6ee that
the collecting together increases in any great
latio the value of its opinion. The Governor
has better opportunities for information ; can
Bee further and see more than they, single or
in -the mass.
The interests of the country appeal to him
the army, enfeebled by watching and labor
and fihting.implores him the fathers, moth
ers, kindred and friends of the soldiers beseech
him, not to give ceitiricates of exemption to
any but those who arc necessary at borne-
who are s rving more usefully than they would
W in the army. It may be that a very small
fore; additional may enable Gen. Lee to con
gratulate the nation on independence achieved;
that tbAJffithhoIding it, may bring long years
ofsoiVand slavery. The soldiers have a
right to demand that others who have prop
erty, life, liberty to preserve, shall come to
their ass stance. If Gov. Vance would add to
the fam which fine oratory, powerful declam
ation and extraordinary business capacity
have already given him, the enduring repu
tation of a firm, manly, independent action,
let him step out to meet this responsibility,
and posterity will bail him as a statesman,
aru inscribe Lis virtues on im DerLhable
tablets.
We see that Alex. C. Latham, Esq., is a
candidate for re-election to the office of Sheriff
f Craven county. Mr. Latham made an effi
cient and excellent Sheriff previous to the
war. At its commencement he went into the
Krvice and for a long time commanded La
tham's Battery of Artillery. Capt. L. was
iu the heaviest battles of the war, and on all
occasins rendered distinguished and valuable
rrue.
What Will MK Holden Say Xext ? -
' I am npoosed to Cancan ea and. Conventions.."
Raleigh Standard, May 20th.
How many caucuses did he attend during th
last session of the Legislature? How Many
since the conservative party, as ho calls them;
tookrnim to their embrace ? When did he tm
before express his opposition to them T
Does he forget that for years he denounced
Messrs. Venable, Arrington and others, as " re-
creants aud disorgauixers, " because tbey dared
to beeome candidates against Convention no
minees? In 1853, he denounced Messrs. Saunders,
Sbeperd,' Cotton, Christman and Watson, and
especially Mr. Love, for not rupporting Mr.
Dobbin, the caucus nominee. And he then used
this language as expressive of his recognition of
the binding force of caucus action, and the ne
ccssrty f party organization :
" A eaueua or meeting of the Democratic mem
ber was held and the Hon. J. C. Dobbin, of Cum
berland, was nominated for Senator, and under
these circumstances the Peraoeratic people had a
right to expect, and they did expect that he would
have been sustained by every Democratic mem
ber. . .
" The Democratic people have been disappointed
in their just expectations, and party organization,
so essential to. party success, has boen disregarded
and set at naught. It is of the first importance,
therefore. that the Democrats of the State should
tke this matter into their own hands, and see tp
it that men are sent to the next Assembly who
will stand firmly by the action of the party in
caucus assembled." Standard, January lf, i653,
" But we hoM that no man elected as a Demo,
crat, has a right as a Democrat, to absent him
self from the meetings of his party,, with the view
of excepting to and opposing the action of such '
meeting." Standard, Juuuarg 8, 1853.
What has caused the ohange ? Let us have
it.
Singular Coincidence.
By recurring to the papers from tho North,
it will be seen that about the time that Mr
Holden was pronouncing here " If this bo
so, then Gen. Lee is retiring upon Richmond
and Grant is following him" that the Yankee
Generai Meade was telegraphing the delib
erate falsehood ' The rebels are in full retreat
for Richmond by the direct road ;" and the Na
tional Republican, an abolition sheet in
Washington, was publishing "the rebel
army is retreating ; Grant pursuing."
Thus we have the Yankee Generals and
press, standing on their feet, looking straight
at the situation, coming to the same conclu
sion with Mr. Holden,- who stands on his
heat! with his feet in the air, looking cross
eyed at it the most grotesque of all possible
attitudes. This is a very singular coincidence,
that these various parties should reach an iden- j
tical false result from such widely differing
points of observation. It iudicatrs that if
Mr Holden were on the other side of .the
line, he be might set upright aid would then
take the same view as the others.
- Murder will Out'
We understand that Gov. Vance ,in his
speech at Smithfield on yesterday, charged
expressly that Mr. ll ilden's object in propos
ing a State Convention, that " North Carolina
might tike h .r affairs into her own bauds
was to effect the secession of this State from
the Confederacy, and to make terms with the
enemy.
We have shown from Mr. Holden V writings,
and from other evidence, that this was his
purpose and intention.
Now the charge is distinctly made'. It id
one tbat Mr. HoMcn cannot evade. Does he
deny it ? If it be true and Mr. A vera of
Johnston lias leard of it for the first time
since the 12th of May then Mr. A. is fully
justified in his change of base.
The Woukdkd and Sick. We have been
furnished with a list of the wounded and sick
who arc in the hospitals at Petersburg, but it'
is toy lengthy for insertion in this paper. Per
sons who desire to examine the list, can do
so by applying at this office.
While the Yankee prisoners, who were
captured at Plymouth by Gen. Hoke's com
mand, were detained at Tarboro' awaiting
trans pot at ion, the following conversation took
place between one of the prisoners who con
versed intelligently and fluently, and certain
gentlemen of high respectability, residents of
lSdgecomb county. The conversation was
conduced by the prisoner and two citizens.
One citizen only tttked with the prisoner at
a time.
Prisoner What do you people of North
Carolina think of Mr. Holder, the editor of
the Standard ?
Citizen We think he is a traitor. What
do you think of him ?
Prisoner I believe him to be a union man.
Citizen What evidence have you which
induces you to believe him to be a union man?
'isQiter believed him to be a union
imn, and that belief has been strengthened
from what I heard two ladies say who came
from Raleigh to Plymouth, and went from
Plymouth to Norfolk to see their husbands.
They said while in Plymouth, "that Mr.
Holden, is a union man ; that he is in favour
of reconstruction, and that he has many friends
in Raleigh ; that his friends are largely in the
majority, and that he will be protected and
defended, notwithstanding his sentiments are
so obnoxious to a great many people of the
State."
Further Postponement of Sale of Six
Pku Cest. Bonds. Owing to a continuance
of the causes of postponement, the public
sale of Government Six Per Cent. Bonds,
which was advertised for the 26th instant, is
postponed until Wednesday, 8th June.
See Adverliscineul.
25r. Gilmer of K, L Let every ene
Read.
Mr. Gtf raer, of !T. C said s Will the gentleman
perm' t me here to interrupt him As tie well
acquainted and familiar witb the seatkoenls of the
people of Nrth Carolina, 1 daay, for them, that
bey, by action on their part, or tor any political
opinions he Id by them, have aver gjeen any reas
on, cause or occasion far the suspension of the
wrU of Aobea corjptu. As evidence conclusive of
the loyalty an faithfuhaesa of the oitizen of my
State to the cause of the- ?onedracv, I boldly
refer gentlemen to tha regjater of her soldiery
which she has vent to oar gallant trrar, and the
immense taxes in money and kind which they
1 -W 1 J l.f .! . . J
support of the Confedersuoy andour army. A re
ference to these statistics, which do not lie, will
satisfy the "citizens of her other Southern sis-
ter States of the unparwSW iatoytteu whteh
Jhwa hem dm to our true and loywl State by wicfe
d nd designing aiaoderers, whose rtnty and teel
i5:s it would seem to.be to repel these unjust as
alta, and to ded, and protect her honor.
This gentleman has just made these remarks
r the Confederals Bouse of Representatives,
which demarKi aa immediate and peremptory
reply. He says : .
"A reforeva; to, these sUtistics, (alluding to the .
military bWriftn borne by the State) which do
not he, will aatfefy the citizens of otner ister
States, of unpardonable injustice which has
and de&mlfis: slanderers. whotA Antv aml riinn
; r Mwiau juy ciuiie or wicceu
nH rimV l 1 i . -.
it wonlU seem to be, to repel these unjust aasaui ts
and to protect and dofend her honor'
Now the propriety or impropriety of this
language, its truth or untruth, will depend
upon the construction which Mr. Gilmer in
tends it shall bear.. If he means that the
State is not diafoyal'-that a majority of her
people are true; tint? Gov; Vance is faithful,
and that most of the officers-of the State Gov
ernment are also fihiul,. and that the officers
and soldiers of the State" are entirely brave
and devoted to the cause, we concur with'
him; and we also concur with htm; that, any
one who disputes thi, di unpardonable
injustice to the State," aad" is "a wicked and
designing Hlanderr."
But if M'. Gilmer mermthat there is tw
disloyalty in the 'State; if he means to say
that those who have counselled the Govern
ment that there was sufficient cause for the
suspension of the privilege of the writ of Aa
beas corpus, had no reason for such opinion,
or did not hold sush opinion, but thaT
wickedly and designedly slandered the honor
of North Carolina: if this bo Mr. Gilmer's
meaning, theu Mr. Gilmer has "done unpar
donable injustice" to some of the best citizens
of North Carolina then Mr. Gilmer, in the
use, wheth. r ignorantly or intentionally, of
this harsh and offensive language, has com
mitted a wide departure from truth, and could
find no reason to complain, if hi9 insult were
retorted in terms that he could neither avoid
nor escapo. We have a kindly regard for
Mr. Gilmer, and are not disposed to thrjw
back with appropriate force the stone he has
flung. We prefer to enlighten him on some
point that perhap3 he may not be acquainted
with.
Fir.st We know that many of the promi
nent men of this State, of the most prudent,
discreet and cautious character men of irre
proachable virtue, many of them Mr. Gilmer's
friends were called upon for their opinions
upon this question; aud they rendered those
opinions after a full and careful examination
of the whota question ; and all concurred in
the absolute importance of tho suspension.
Second. We who live in Raleigh know,
that Mr. Holden and his associates had brought
the classes of this community to such a pitch
of hostility, and had carried his accusations
against the Government to soch a degree of
bitterness, that life and property were not sate
in the City of Raleigh : the free expression of
oprHon on the side of the country wa3 not
tolerated, and loyal men were actually held
in hostage for tb.3 safety of Mr. Holden. This,
to us, was never a terror ; because we knew
the material of which Mr. Holden and his
leading followers in this course was composed,
and we were at all times ready for them ;
but there were man' citizens here who were
in anxletyaud alarm.
Third. When the counsel wai given to
which we refer public meetings had been
held in"almcst every county of the State.
Many of them had proposed to offer terms of
peace to the enemy b3 illegitimate modes.
Many of them were declaiming against the
war as unrighteous and unholy; were attach
ing to the Government the hardships which
were incident to it; and some of them were
proponing resistance to the laws of Congress,
and mhers expressing teir desire for a resto
ration of the Government of our enemies.
These proceedings were published in Mr.
Holden's pfeper, and sent to the soldiers; and
dissatisfaction and desertion were the conse
quence, until our woods were filled with ma
rauders, who depredated on the property of
our good people. These deserters hare con
fessed at the point of death, that Mr. Holdeu's
paper induced them to desert.
Fourth After this, a plan was set on foot
by Mr. Hojden, who gave t- it all his force
and influence, to get a State Convention to
take the aSaiis of the State ihto its own
hands. This plan had acquired immense
power. Meetings were began to advance the
feeling, and it was not until Gov. Vance's
opposition to it was aided by the suspension
of the habeas corpus, that this treasonable
movement was checked.. We say treasonable,
for there is enough in Mr. Holden s published
writings to prove that the object of this Con-
Ten t "ma was to sitpcrmaiunQy, as ssotczejok
Body, to hold in check the acts of the Con
lodsrate Government ; to refoas its call fur
more troops; to refuse the presence of Con
federate troops here far the arrest of deserter
and conscripts ; to refuse to allow the Gov
em men t to. impress vhiskejr for distillation
tot hospital purposes. These were some of
the things that this Convention was to do as a
sovereign body. In other words, it was to
itCLLTFY the laws of .Congress and dispute
the action of the Government under them.
More than this : It is now charged fcy Get?.
rTShiet, and it was known to the gentlemen
who gave the counsel we referred to, that Mr.
Holden s avowed object, through this Conven
tion, was to effect the secession 0 the Slate
from Vie Confederacy the violation of her
pledge of assistance to her sisters, and the
disgraceful negotiation of ternis, for hetoelf,
with the hated Yankee. We say this is now
distinctly charged to have been Mr. Holdeu's
j Ppo. m th Convention movement ; and
J we who counselled the necessity of the sus-
pension of the writ, tho responsibility fos
which, according to his influence, this writer
here- assume, did so out of an honest aud
patriotic desire to eave the peace of the State
and preserve her honor : not to injure any
fellow-citizen, but rather to preserve from the
perii of their action, the evil doers themselves.
There were others, besides Mr. Holden, offi
cers of State and men of influence, engaged in
this purpose ; and the evidence will come out
yet, to convict them.
Besides all this, there were trafHcers with
the enemy from points near our lines, who
were carrying a regular trade with him, in
violation of the law and others holding un
lawful and dangerous communication with
him, interfering with the military operations
and aiding our fots.
These were the reasons which prompted na.
We have offered them to Mr. Gilmer because
we like him ami respect him. though bis lan
guage, if intended to carry the construction
we last mentioned, has deprived him of a
claim to both.
And in conclusion, we say: we have not
yet told all. Other reasons for this action
will be developed very soon, that throw into
the saado all that we have yet mentioned:
The fact is, that North Carolina was on the
point of bloodshed ! Armed organizations
1 for defencpwere, already contemplated ; and
but a little while would have Witnessed the
horrors of internal violence. In that event,
Mr. Holden and his immediate clan would
have been the first to perish ; but it would
-have been indescribably horrible to have had
the scene enacted. Yet it was not to bear
specially on North Carolina, that tlie suspen
sion act was passed. Its necessity existed
because of facts furnished to the Government
which cannot yet be revealed, but which- Mr.
Rives says fully justified it.
To the suspension of the writ of habeas cor
pus, and to the timely and determined op
position of Gov. Vance to Mr. Holden's move.
mt nt, are we indebted for the escape. . And
it is this obligation that thuy feel" to Gov.
Vance which induces many men of the State
lo endure the flings of his partisans, and to
bear affiliations that would otherwise he in
tolerable, and to support him in defiance of '
his political associations, out of their love of
country ; because they believe him to be a
patriot. If they do not continue to support
him, it will be because bitter partizans will
force an issue that will make our withdrawal
fromGov. Vance a matter of principle. The
friends of Mr. Davis will do no act that may
by implication be regarded a a reuectirm ou
him ; for tlmy regard the support of his ad
ministration as necessary to the safety of the
naiion. Short of this they support Gov.
Vance, without reference to the political an- t
lagonism .
The indications from the sett of war ar,
that there will be no immediate conflict. Now,
tben, is the time for Lgiilativ3 action. We
hope, in view of tbe great losses our army
has sustained in view of the great necessity
for more men that this Legislature will re
consider its hasty and ill-judged actiou in the
matter of exemptions. J
Five thousand soldiers can be gotten from i
the list of Home Guard officers, Militia offi- t
cers and Justices of the Peace and Constables.
Evoiy man of them is needed. O tr success
or ruin depends on the r.-inforctmonts wc
nttitr fumidfi til Clan T Mt
Wbv should not these men do their rtart f
to nave the country ? They have nothing to
do at home. It is no disgrace to them or to
the State to have thm go to tbe array. The
soldiers and the soldier's parents and friends
demand that every man who is not more use
ful at home shall be-aent to share with tham
the labors and dangers of the field. And
neither they nor their friends will support
any man who contributes to withhold this
aid from them.
Interesting debates were in progress in the
Legislature on yesterday, on the Reports of
the Committee on tbe suspension of the prir-1
i leges of the habeas corpus writ. Wo have
beard tbe speeches of Mr. Hall of Ntw Han
over, in the Senate, and II r. Beall of David
son, in the House, spoken of. ia the highest
terms. We hope to be abl '.these
speeches before cur readers.
Frca a Ejcdsl Corrcctzl.
Battle Field mxab SpotsylvahiaC. H.,
May 16, 1CS4.
Editors ConfedtraU : I nave delayed day by
day to write, ia hope that tb dsciaiva iay
would arrive, after which, I could give yoa a
detailed account of our operations. But this
is'now the tenth day of continuous fighlias.and
the end is not jet, and as 1 have obliterated
my penciled notes bv tbe tonrnta nf rain
which fell daring the battle of the 12tb, and
fearing that I may forget all that I may now
recollect concerning the fatties that have been
daily fought, I have concluded to' write.
Tbe enemy, abont 126.000 stroner. crossed
the lower fords of the Rapidan on the after
noon and night of the 4th,. and made their
way toward Cha ncellorsville. As soon as this
fact was ascertained, our army was moved
towards them, from their camps on the Rapi
dan, Ewcll taking the old turnpike road and
A. A. H His corps the plank road. They each
came on the enemy on those roads, to the west
and north of Chancellorsville, and abont seven
miles therefrom. We made an immediate at
tack, ard drove their advancing cclaaas in
Confusion about two and a half miles, when
having reformed on other lines, tbe attack on
our part ceased, and tbe dofensive decided on.
The euemy was found ported in a tent-circle,
in the dense thickets of that region, and in
front of them our forces formed, and threw up i
hasty breastworks of lng., and soon heavy I
masses were thrown on portions of the line,
but were in every instance repulsed. On
E well's line particularly ' the eeniy made
their mot airenuoiis efforts to break through,
find the slaughter they experienced in front
of Johnston's, Early's and Rede's positions is
said to have been very great. This was on
the 5th. On the 6th they again Attempted to
break through our lines at various points, but
with the same ill success, and the rattle of
musketry could be beard alternately from
Longstreet's position on tho extreme right to
Ewell on the left. They were everywhere
discomfited, and their losses during these
two daya -was estimated at 20,000 killed,
wounded and prisoners.
Dn iug the evening of the Cth, it was ascer
tained that the euemy were moving to our
right, with the hope of turning it, and Long
street's divisions were instantly made to make
a corresponding movement, and reached .this
p'acc at an early iivur oij the 7th, while we ot.
the left were set in motion at daylight on the
7th. The day was hot and sultry, aud the
march rapid, and no littla suffering was expe-rienc-d
by O'lr division. At meridian wo heard
theboomlugof guns at this )xiut, and fears
were entertained that we wuld arrive too
late to lend a Stance t Luigshvet's com
mand; but before wo had reached hero we
were tru-t by the glorious news that they hat!
attacked him, bur, weio repulsed with a iooo j
.f about 5.000 hilled and vpui-dd. M
weretol to hialen on, as rviotV.fcements w re j
hurrying forward to the dis njhted foe. Our
divibhm (II kUs) arrived at L mgstiret's rght
just at 1 ighifall, and before we could get in
position the reemy ncrain attacked iiitli, end
would have ihiukrd him bu tr our timely
presence. We instantly fornii.d. line of battle
and at the first attack the enemy nVd, but a
pursuit could not be made from the darkness
and the thickness of the woods. Many strange
rencounters and hand to hand firfht are told
of by our men, who had bf -come scattered by
this undergrowth, and met retrea ing squads
of the Yankee soldier v. We captured about
600 prisoners, and suffered little 'oss our- I
selves. ,
On the 8th our whole annv arrived, and
none but artillery fighting wa? had during the
day.
On the 9th, the encin' again assaulted
Longstreet, but w s agnin repulsed. On
the 10th, the same attempt was made with a
like result, lleivy frequent fighting was had
day ind night, during all the time.
Grant's tactics is to form his line of battle,
fortify, arrange hi artillery, supported in
these fortifications by a reserved corps, and
then hurl his whole force in heavy columns
on tho weakest part of our line. So you may
imagine the carnage that follows his advance
and repulse. Howitzers pouring grape and
cannister, rifle guns plunging through serried
ranks, a jd theunerringrifle in th? hands of
cool and veteran troops keeping up a con
tinuous roar, where every bullet tells, and you
can barely imagine tbe frightful execution. I
never saw as many dead and wounded mm,
a lay piled iu front of every place he has
yet assaulted. Each day he has assaulted,
but tbe 12th inst. saw the severest fighting of
this campaign. ,
The assaults of the 11th had been focblo,
and thouirh his cannon belchod forth its ac
customed amount of shot and shell, and sharp
shot tti,ng was of the liveliest kind, yet we all feit
that the next day would prove iu a manner
disisive. An important move was evidently
ou hand, and it proved to be ou our weakest
and m t illy constructed position Our line
hero formed in V with the sharp point to tbe
enemy. A feeble assault on tho 11th at the
appui f the line had proved it.. Johnstons
Division, consisting of four Virginia and one
Louisiana Brigade, defended this centre.
At early dawn, a signal gun was fired by the
enemy, and with a regular Confederate yell they
rushed on and carried this point. I never shall
forget what 1 there saw. The wools and fields
were tbiek with refugees, confused and panie
Stricken, and even the presence ' and exertions
of our nobis chief and our corps commander,
failed to rally them. I could see the panic
taking effect ia the troops that were on the
right and left of the broken column, and I be
gun to fear tbe day was lost. However, Pe
gram's brigade on the right and Daatel's brigade
op the left, uotwithstandiDg tbe flank fire to
which tbey were exposed, held their positions.
Brigadier Gen. Johnston's brigadewas quickly
rushed in, but ia vain, for soon they too vera
seen falling back ia disorder, having lost very
heavily. Ramaaur's brigade was in position to
the left of Daniel's. It war noved out of its
breastworks, and faced fronting the position the
enemy had taken. As soon as formed, it was
moved forward, and with a rush and a yell, it
pushed boldly ou the confident foe, without
firing a gun. It received volley after volley,
but nothing deterred, it rushed boldly on, and
soon the foe was retreating, and the reserved
breastworks oura. Then they, halted and re
formed, and after firing a volley, charged for
the. advanced breastworks, behind whieb the
enemy were seen in nasiss, and pooling deadly
volleys into our ranks. But as we neared the
feieeetwerks, fees In front broke and run, and
the works Wtre rca sere. Tbe brigade was
not ran eneuga to crttr the space the enemy
occupied, aud even aftarUe-Werbs wu skein
ed heavy flack Cre was pocraJ 1st 0a frem
the right, while enfum after celsau advaaevd
in front, only te be repwlstd. X one time their
masses reached within n frwetaof fee works,
and tbej even captated setae ef tbe sata en the
extreme ti-hi, but their Uae rssald under ear
steady Cre. Tne brigade fane foua fee two
hours before reinforcements were sent tatwa.
These rainfbrceuicats moved to the rit, sad
re-establiaued our broken line, and taeugh re
pea ted efforts were made to retake the position,
they failed, and after a twenty hours fight of
muskstry, tbey finally gave up the undertaking.
Your correspondent has been under fire before,
but sever such an one at that day and eight.
Iu intensity and continuance, I hazard nothing
ia saying it was the severest of this wsr.
Kamscar's brigade fired ovrr 120 rounds of
amunitiou to the man, and large oak trees in
their rear were actually splintered and felled
by tbe rifle fire of the enemy. The brigade
loss was about one third of ths entire commend,
aud it never selieited or received a man as re
inforcements to their line during those memor
able twenty hours. All of our Generals say
that It ?aved the day, and It rteeired the official
thanks of Gen Lee, as well as corps and division
General. That assault has ended the essay's
effort; thus far. They made a feeble assault
on the left at tbe same time, but it amounted
tv nothing of Importance, and tbey have now
retired tbeir right wing some miles to tbe rear,
and miles of their breastworks are iu our pos
session. Tbey left their dead unburisd, and
their putrtfying carcasses arc becoming very
offensive. Their slaughter here en the 8th, lOih
and 12th was eusrmoui almost beyond belief.
Our losses ou the 12th were heavy. We
lost, perhaps, one-half of Johnston's division
prisoners, killed and Wonnded, while tbe
killed and wounded from other brigades wa
consid Mble. I cannot now make an esti
mate. Among the North Carolinians, I saw
the lifeless form of C donel Garrett, of the
5th, and Colonel Brabble, of the 32d. Gen.
Daniel aa also mortally wounded and 1as
since died. Among I lie Raleigh hoys I saw
put away, and thepot marked, the remains
of Eddy Swedes, an officer of the 5th, who
fell in the charge of Johnfton'w brigade on
the rnerny who had just captured our works.
Get era! J.-hns'on whs wounded.
I inut ch s this letter,' or it will becnm
too loi. for ruldicition. Our army is- still
in good condition, and are as confident as
ever. I cannot imagine ths next move of tho
enemy To-d.iy, 12 m , everything is quiet
on ti.u lines. If 1 survive, yoiL,my hear
from nie again. " J. C. G.
TUB SOUTH VICTORIOUS !
JffEW BOOKS 1 HEW BOOKS 1 !
(Our Own PublicstUnn
Mi 1 tt f.car-, jut from the prei
Siitnf? of L ire and label IV ' "
Priiujirv Uoraphy
Vovk'K Knelisn Grammar,
Kirrtltook iu Composition,
Hill'n l'ocin. fsceond edition,
Morv 11 and Linda
Dixit- r.-imer, pictorialthird edition,
First Dixie Header,
The Dixie Spelling Uook in press,
Johnson's School Arithmetic in pi
Th Jack .Morran Sonsr.Her ia pre?i
leiu-ntarr Spdlifitf Book In pre".
r One third off to tbe trade.
O'l
1 0
2 00
'J 00
1 oQ
;.o
7C
The following Uoeks are published at
placet in the Confcderacv :
NOVELS.
I.adv Audley's Secret,
Dickeii'4 Lat Novel,
Robert and Harold,
Kteanor'a Victory,
L- Miserable Faotine,
Marias,
" St. Dcnsis,
" " Jean Valjeae,
Tho Bohemian,
Kains and Komanee of Morgan and lies,
Field and Fireside Novelette,
The Confederate A Romantic Eay,
Silas Marner,
The Ilattle of the Hard
SCHOOL BOOKS.
Hanten's Piano Forte Instructor,
Lander's Arithmetic,
Din-ham's Lttin Grammar,
Primary Oeojrraphy,
York's English Grammar,
First Ilook in Composition,
Dixie Primer, Pietorial, third edition,
First Dixie Header,
Weslevan Catechism No. 1,
Weslvyan Catechim, No. 2,
CapcM Catechism,
Sermon Catechfrut,
Uiblical Catechism, bf Lansdell.
MILITARY WOUK8.
Gil ha it's Manual,
Army Rg ulatioas,
Krnlntions ot th Line.
vtrious
CO
3
00
00
3
3
3
00
00
3
s
00
00
1
23
; so
00
2
00
5
00
3
3
2
4
2
S
1
00
00
00
00
no
so
60
7i
JO
75
10 00
OO
6 00
Wheeler's Cavalry, 7
Napoleon's Maxims or War, "1
Bayonet Exercise and Skirmish Drill, 1
The Volunteer's Hand-book, 1
School of the Guides, 1
General Orders, C
Warren's Surgery, by Dr. Warrea, S
Volunteer's Field and Camp Book, 1
00
24
3S
76
25
00
00
2S
MISCELLANEOUS BOOKS. '
he War and its Heroes, Illustrated, S
yrtle Leaves,
00
60
00
23
50
00
60
00
Hill's Poems,
Southern Model Leter Writer,
Morven and Linda,
Rival Administmti ns.
Scriptural Views of National Trials,
Romantic Passages iu S. W. History,
Ths Cautp Jester,
Diary of the War,
The Seige of Vicksburg,
The Sunday School Ball,
The Sabbath School Wreath,
Plowing and Ditching,
Fnu for the Camp,
Campaign from Texas to Maryland,
Necley's Discourses,
Dr. Deetna Sermon a,
The Age A Mew Monthly,
Southern Literary Messenger,
Map of the Confederate 8tates,
Bombai dment of Vieksburg, Engraving
Dr. Deems Portrait,
Soldier Boy Songster,
Songs of Love and liberty,
General Jackson' Portrait,
Bonnie Bins Flag Song Booh,
Cotton Field Melodies,
Rebel Songster,
Confederate Flag Son-stcr,
Stonewall Son Bsok.
s 00
2 60
60
70
1 2o
1 6(1
a 00
3 60
2 60
2 60
2 60
5
8
1
1
1
00
60
60
00
76
60
60
60
CO
CO
C3
1
1
1
N. B. Those ordering beeka by mail aheatd
send an extra ten cents n he dollar, for pos
tage. BRANSON ft FAWtAR,
May 1 tf Raleigh, N. C.