THE CONFEDERATE,
W5EB1T. MARCH 15, 13C5.
r pTayTo Ged for the delimat.ce cf our
country from the grap of the Uva ier, and
that our people may saved from the igno
miny and ruia of another Meria-.ion with
the kattd and demised people who are seek
ing our overthrow. We are thua fervent, for
Infinitely beyond all earthly calamities, that
cou'd befal ua, as a nation, do we regard that
atreko which would bring u again iato the
embrace" or grasp of the detested Yankees.
Bat wo invoke this dalirerance for another .
reafon. We hare come to desire, nay, to
long day and night, for the arrival of that
hour when the hope, wisle and endeavors
of thou who, in our own midst, have sympa
thized with our enemies have contributed to
binder cur cause, and to enccurage and assist
the foe wha are prepared now to return to
a uniom with Lim and who tkink ifneith
er ruinous ner dishonorabV to aubruit
U his ffen cf surrender, shall be blast
ed and annihilate! for ever; and thty, tr era
sures, ha!l stand before the tar of a just
public sentiment, to receive the reward, for
thtrnaelvea and thtir posterity, of their de
li: quency to thslr country, in har hoar of
trial.
Prominent among three who will then be
J.idcd, will be Mr. Saaa'l F. rbillips, of
Orange.
We saw though Mr. Phillips d iring the
laat Gobernatorial campaign, in Orange ;
when he was a candidate for thi Legislature
when he wav ncnitg as a Vance candi
dateand deriving a strength from his sup
posed association with such men as Got.
Vane, Ger. Graham, Jno. Berry and Mr.
Patterson. We knew then, that, with the
air of a strictly conscientious citizen, Mr Phil
lips was an. adroit, scheming and tricky
politican. And we did not then doubt, n
more than we now doubt, that his heart, and
his y aapathita, were opposed to the war, and
in furor of a Teconstruc ion of some uioa
with the enemy. What we then believed is
ow demonstrated to be true; and Gov."
Vance, Got. Graham, Mr. Berry and Mr.
.Patterson, we venture ta assert, wi'.l diny
that they ever looked for this present attitude
from Mr. Phillips.
We say the hostility ef Mr. Phillips te er
came is now demonstrated; and, if the people
of Orange, who favor its success, cteem the
question as we do, they will hold that here is a
man of education and intellect, and respecta
bility, in their own midst, who is willing and
whe would aid to put in issue, by a submiaaioa
to the enemy, their political, social and indi
vidual rights and liberties ; nay, their lires
and honar, and the existence of theft country.
Pot in issue, did we say! Nay, who would
a -3 tu all j consent to see destroyed these lives
and hbertits. For what says JMr. Phillips !
n said in his speech at Chapel Hill, "that he
had nerer said or done anything to encourage
the war, and thanked God, with uplifted hands,
that the blood of no one of the slain was upon
his hand." Truly, here is a boast, indeed, for a
Sauthern man, made too on hallowed ground,
in presence of the learned and rererend head
ef the university of that university, whose
professors and students hate set an example of
patriotism, and died for the cause. If we could
not expect that Mr. Phillips might emulate aa
example so laudable, it might, at leant, bare
been expected that he would not. cast a slur
upon it.
It is true, it turned eut, althcugh he
disavowed ever having "said or done anything
to enccurage the war," that in 1861, he did
snake speeches apparently "with a view to get
men to velunteer.' We say apparently, for he
denied, at first, that such was his purpose ;
and it was only when Mr. Watson designated
the "meetiig at White Cross, the object of
which was te raise volunteers," that he gave
this qualified assent : "I suppose that was tho
oVJ'Ct but no man could know my motives."
We will not, at present, comment on this lan
guage.. .Mr. Watson very concisely, and very
pertinently, says of it : "A man who speaks
with one object, and a different motive, has all
the geauis necessary to make the figure 1 play
the trick of looking like the figure 2." If it
had not been for this exposure, by Mr. Wat
sen, we should have given Mr. Phillips full
ertdit for "never having said or done anything
to encourage the war," for we knew he had
kept as far as possible eut of it himself. Nay,
had, according to his own speech in the House
ef Commons, devised a scheme by which most
adroitly to do it ; and we had heard how he
had helped others to do so, even byj removing
ent ef a small clerkship, a little boy.
When Mr. Phillips made his speech at Chapel
Hill, Sherman was supposed to be advancing.
His advent was looked for and desired by som.
Bat, now, we hope he has gone baek ; or rather
that he will be disposed of before he ever
reaches Chapel Hill. It may he of use to Mr.
Phillips, then, to have it known that he did
make "war $ptcchti in 1861 with thi object
ro$in volunteer, but no man could know Are
The Murder, by hanging, of Captain John
Y. Beall, under the signature and by the au
thority of Lincoln, Is exciting deep indigna
tion in this community, where the deceased
bad many friends. The people have been
disappointed so often in the retaliatory threats
of the President, that they have resolved
hereafter to take the matter into their own
hands. Threats were made yesteiday looking
to the hanging, summarily, upon the firH
lamppost, of any of the Yankee officers now
on their parole, and who might be found at
large, and the information being conveyed to
them, they kept very close within tho security
of the Libby. The good name and fame ot
Captain Beall, thank God, is not in the keep
ing of the Northern Yankee. Here, where
he was known, and in the county of Jefferson,
whicji is bereft of one of her most heroic
eons, his name will be revered as a martyr,
who showed to his enemies in a foreign land
how a gallant and intrepid Pouthern Soldier
uier.
Korlhf rn News.
OF CHARLESTON ISTHRE'TIKG
CCCLTATION
PARTICULARS.
The New York Herald has a long account,
detailirg the scenes and Incident Cnrc ted
with lh sbindt tiraert of Charleston, and its
occupation by the Yankee forces. The city
was occupied on Saturday, the lSih cf Feb
ruary. As this is the first detailed account
that hat jet apj eared, we mke pome ex
tracts from it, which will be found interest
ing: COLOKSL BESNETT DEMANDS 111 SURRENDER
OF THE C1TT.
On landing, it was not deemed advisable by
Colonel Bennett to advance in to the city, as
he was informed that a rebel brigade was still
at the depot, taking the cars, and that a force
of cavalry were scouring the city and iut
pressitg men iuto the rar ks and driving the
negroes before them. As he had bat nine
njcn"with him, he cor.fined hirmelf merely tc
sending to Mayer Macbeth the following
peremptory demand f r the surrender of the
cr y :
lit AI QUARTERS UNITED STATES FoBCKS,
DECKS, "j
ina,
Charleston, ikuth Carolina
February 18, 1SG5.
Waiter Charles Macbeth. Charleston :
the name of the Uuited States
Government I d?mand the surrender of the
city of whicn y- u are the executive rmcer.
Until further i rJers a I auxins win remain
within their bouses.
I have the honor to be Mayor,
Very respectfully, your obd't serv't,
A.J. Bennett,
Lieutenant-Colonel commanding United S ales
forces, Charleston.
MA TOB MACBETH'S SURRENDER.
To this demand Colonel Bennett wa? subse
quently handed, by a committee from the
Mayor", consisting of Aldermen Gilland and
Williams, a letter which he was about to des
patch to Morris Is' and:
To the General Commanding the Army of the
United States at Morris Island :
Sir: The military authorities cf the Con
federate States have evacuated this city. I Lave
remained to enforce law and preserve order
until y u take such etcp3 you may tliidc
best.
Very respectfully, yet, oKdiert servant,
Charles Macbeth, Major.
Abjut ftne o clutk the last rebel who pro
posed going away had loft town, and the de
serters an J rebel firemen began to emCge f r0m
theii places of secretion and appear on the
streets. The firemen got out their apparatus
and dev6t(d themselves to the extiaguishment
of tiie fires now raging with violence at varirus
points in the city. They were aided by our
troops, who began to arrive in numbers, and
after a long struggle, the flimrs were cheked
in their headway ; but not until a large num
ber of buildings v. ere destroyed. A large
quantity of cotton , probably two thousand
bales, was destrojed, together with a consider
able amount of supplies.
FIRES THROUGH THE CITY.
A most horrible catastrophe occurred
in the morning. At the depot ot the North
eastern railroad a large number cf lives were
lopt. In this building a quantity of cartridges
and tegs of powder had been stored by the
rebels and as they had not time to remove it
ttey left.it unprotected. A number of men,
women and children had colUc.ed to watch
the burning of a quantity of cotton in the
railroad yard which the rebels had fired, and
during the cut flag ration a number of" boy,
while running abjut the deprt, had discovered
the powder. For the fun of tho thing, aud
withoutTealjx:.ng tvc d-n;;erthy incureH,they
began to take up hand fills of loose powder
and cartridges and bare them from the depot
to the mass of burning cotton on which they
flung them. Speedily the powder running
from their hands formed a train upon the
ground leading from the fire to the main sup
plies of piwder in th.3 depot. The result is
crsily conjectured. A spark ignited the
( powder in the train, there, was a leaping,
running fire along the ground, and then an
explosion which shook the city to its very
foundations from one end to the other. Tho
building was, in a second, a whirling mvs of
ruins, in a tremendous volume of flame and
erooke. A report rivalling Heaven's artillery
fllowed, aDd then a silence eusued that
made every one tremble and hold his breath.
Tbe work was done quickly, and soon every
voice was Mlenced, every moan hushed and
every spirit gathered to its maker. Over one
hundred and fifty are said to have been char
red in tbat fiery furnace, atd a hundred men
were wounded more or l ss seriously by the
explosion or were burned by the fire.
From the depot the fire spread rapidly, and
communicating with tbe adjoining buildiBg?
threatened destruction to that part of the town.
Four squares, embraced in the area bounded by
Chapel, Alexander, Charlotte and Washington
streets, were consumed before the conflagration
was subdued. Everything in tbe houses was
destroyed. Another fire on Meetieg street,
near the courthouse, destrojed five buildings.
This was set on fire by the rebels, with a view
of burning Hibernian Hall and the Mills house.
It did not succeed, although it destroyed tbe
five buildings alluded to. One or two other
fires also occurred, destroying several build
ings each. Any number of similar conflagra
tions occurred, burning Government store
houses, &c. A great deal of damage was of
course done, but the city was by great exertion
saved from total destruction
DESTRUCTION OF THE BEDEL FLEET.
On the morning of Saturday the rebel iron
lad fleet and gunboats werefired and totally
destoryed. The Palmetto State very proper
ly and suggestively exploded first and went
to the bott. m. Th CLic. r.i followed next in
order blowing up at about nine o'clock, ar d
the Charleston navy finally went out of exis
tence by the destruction of the Charleston by
the explosion of its magazine at about eleven,
A.M.
The iron dads and gunboats on the stocks
were also burned, and the storeship John
Ravenel, which was caught in the harbour
when the blockade was commenced, was fired
and destroyed.
PROPERTY CAPTURED IK THE CITT.
A Urge quantity of property was captured
in the city by our forces The rebels burned
a great deal that could be got at ; but we are
informed that at least ten thousand bales of
cotton are in the city, secreted in various
places, which the rebel authorities could not
reach and -destsryT A large quantity of rice
also remains in private hands. Qver two
hundred thousand pounds have already be -a
found. Then ihete is quite a large quanti y
of manufactured tobacco already in cur hands
and more is coming to light daily.
Seven locomotives, in pretty good ord. r,
and qtiite a number of cars of various kinds
were takeD, and v ilf be required and made
available for future use.
In the fortifications of ib city over two
hundred guns of heavy calibro were found,
spiked and rendeied temporarily useless. Aa
immense quantity tf ammunition fell iuto onr
hands, and aH tbe best quality.
FoRT SUMTER.
General Gilmore and staff and a party of
gentlemen and ladies visited Fort Sumter
Tbe fort was fooxd to- be in a very strong
position for defence. It br-4 nice uns in it
armam-nt two rifled thirty-twos, one ten
inch columbiad, two rifl-d twenty-four inch,
ia casemate, locking toward Moultrie, and
four mountain howitzers and Dahlgren how
itzers on the parapet to retell assaulting par
ties. Within it was fo arranged that if an
assaulting party got over the iron entangle
ments, abattis and obstructions, gained the
parapet ard descended to the ierrplein of the
work, th-y would be under a musketry fire
from all points which they could nut reply to.
The work coul 1 have been taken only by a
heavy s of life. It is stronger than when
I we fired the first gun against it.
WHAT WAS DONE WITH TIIE NEWSPAPERS.
TheCoun'er remained and continued pabli
calioa'mcrely dropping "Confederate States
of America" from its heading, and forgetting
to place in its stead United States of America.
Its tone was somewhat changed, too, being
subdued and neutral. This morning it was
taken possession of by Lieut, Colonel Wood
ruff, Provost Marshal General of this Depart,
ment, and placed in charge of George V hit
more, conespondrnt of ihe New York Times,
an! Georo W. Johnson cf the Fort Royal
New who will issue to-morrow morn-
inja loyal paper. Both Mr. Whitfemorv and
Mr. Johnson are gentlemen of talent and ex
peiience, and will make a gcol, live newt
paper of the Courier. All the printing ma
terial in the j ib offices in town has alto been
turned over to them.
Tbe Charleston Mtreury quietly suspended
publication, packed lip its type, preps aDd
material, scd removed to Cheraw, South Caro
lina. Lincoln's new cabinet.
The special Washington correspoBdeDttjf the
New York Tribune writes ;
The only change intended is the substitu
tion of McCullcugh for Fessenden. Goverm ur
Dennison aud Attorney-General Speed were
both informed, when appointed that they
were to remain through the second term.
Judge Upsher will remain for the present, and
Mr. Lincoln will testify his appreciation of
the services of the chiefs of the Navy, "War
and State Departments, by tendering them
positions in his Cabinet for four years more.
This gives general satisfaction among tboge
whom Mr. Lincoln has consulted upon tbe
matter.
THE EXPEDITION ACAINfT MOBILE. 8ELMA.
9 f
MONTGOMERY AND COLUMBUS, GEORGIA.
A correspondent at Vicksburg writing to tbe
New York Times, thus sketches the plan of
the campaign of the expedition that is being
fitted out to penetrate into Alabama:
An expedition C portion of which is made
up of the Sixteenth corps, General A. J. Smith,
and a division of cavalry from the army of the
Cumberland,) is on foot, tbe object of which
is to penetrate the cotton States of the Gulf,
and place in -Federal Dosses&ion the cities of
A.
Mobile, Montgomery and Selma, Alabama.
TLe first and foremost of the objtct of tHs
expedition is tbe national possession cf Mobile.
1 1 c next movement will "be towards Selma
and Montgomery, Alabama, both of which are
situated on the Alabama river.
For the Confederate.
To the fodies of Franklin.
Camp Ukxu Kinstoic,
March 5, 1865. J
I, the representative of Co. A, 1st llcgiment
Reserves N. C, am glad to acknowledge the
receipt cf a supply of clothing, given by the
citizens of Franklin county, to whom we feel
ourselves under-many obligations, and of one
especially a young lady, Miss Colipda Cop
pedge, who, by her patriotic energy and, p?r
severance has rendered herself an example
worthy to be imitated by every Southern tady.
She, hearing of the suffering of this Regiment,
and possessing within her bo?m a coble
spirit, with the aid rf the ladies of this county,
procured an over supply of clothing for this
Company.
We are also indebted to Dr. N. II. Murphy,
for his interest in our welfare, and are proud
to show to the public the generosity of the
people of Franklin, crunty. My other coun
ties imitate her glorious example.
GTIARLJSS PRICE,
Capt. Coind'g Co. A, 1st Reserves N. C.
For the Confederate.
Response to Got- Vance's Proclamation.
Mr. Editor: As there was to recompense
mentioned in your editorial synopsis of Gov.
Vance's Proclamation, calling on the people
ot this State to furnish supplies to the army ;
in order to make hs call effectual and equit
able if ro considt ration is intended; please
permit me to suggest that if C ngress will
anthor'zd all repoRsihJe officers in ur Com
missariat to give certibcates, which shall be
rrcfirabla as payment far CoiX-derate taxes
for 1 8''5, for said provisiors; that there is
in t,a shadow of doubt, but that the people of
North Carolina and Virginia will p omptly
and abundan t'y support our armies for six,
or twelve months, if necessary; if they stint
tbemst Ives by so doing.
Our Government, State, and County tax-s,
are from fi ty to one hundred pr cent, higher
this year tban they were the la-t; and as the
four.per cent. Treasury bonds which ab
sorbed all the (11 issue are no longer receiv
able in payment for the same; therefore, the
perple caDnot, if thry would, within the
b undi of these two States, dispose of tJ eir
surplus provisions without a consideration
commensurate with the mngnitude of their
tax s. S. G. VV.
Warreh Co., N. C , March 8d, 1865.
Yankee Deserters, fifteen in number,
came into our lines on Monday, arras and
equipments complete. These they very will
ingly turned over to the Confederate States.
These deserters arrived at the headquarters of
the Provost Marshal of Richmond last night,
and from their conversation appeared to be
more candid and intelligent than the average
of deserters. One of them stated that he had
seen in Richmond papers a report that Grant
was massing on his right ; this was a mistake,
he alleged that it was only new recruits
coming in . Richmond Examiner.
From the. Front. We have nothing new
from the front. We doubt if a battle of any
moment has been yet fought in South Garo
linu We think Sherman's object eow is to
reach WilmiDCton. where he nan nirni tia
army, join ScLoCeld, and have a good water
base lor eupplies, &c. Fay
aydieviile Teicjrapk
March Am.
From the Charlotte Bulletin.
Cfrrrspoadcnce Between Gen. Shcraan and
Gen. Hampton.
II DO R 8 MlLlTABT DlV. or THE Ml8., -
In the Field, Fb 2L 1865. J
Lieut Gen. Wade Hampton, &mmanding
Cavalry Forces, C. S. A. :
General: It is officially, reported to me
that our foraging parties are murdered after
capture, and la elh d ' Death to all Feragers."
One insiance of a Lieutenant and seven men
near Chestervil'e. and another if twenty
" near a ravine, 80 rods from tbe main road,
about three miles from Feasterville. 1 hare
ordered a similar number of prisoners in our
bands to be disposed of in like manner.
I hold about 1,000 prisoners captcjed In
various ways, and can stand it as long as yen,
but I hardly think -these murders ar com
mitted with' your knowledge ; and wonld
suggest that you g've notice t tbe people at
lar?e that every life taken by them simply
results in the death of one of your Confederates.
Of course you cannot question my right to
forage on the con? try. It is a war right as
old as history. Ther manner of exercising it
varies with circumst ances, and if the civil au
thorities will supply my requi.-dtiorw, I will
forbid all foraging. "But I find no c:vil au
thorities who can respond to calls for forage
or provisions and therefore must collect direct
ly of the people. I have no doubt this is the
occasion of much misbthav or on the part of
our men, but I cannot permit an enemy to
judge or punish with wholesale murder.
Personally I regret the bitter feelings en
gendered by this war ; but they were to be
expected, and I simply allege that those who
struck the first 11 w, and m-de war inevita
ble, ought nt in fairness -to reproach us for
the natural consequences. I merely assert
our war right t forage, and my reaolve to
protect nfy forager, to the extent ot life for
life.
I am, with respect,
Your obedient servant,
Signed W. T. Sherman,
Maj. Gen U. S. A.
Official: Jno. M. O ley,
A. A Gen'i.
Headquarters in Tnjj Field,
February 27, 18G5. J"
Major Qtn. W. T. Sherman, U. S. Army :
General: Your ct mmuuication of the
24th inst., reached me to-day. In it you stte
that it has been officially reported that yo"ar
foraging parties were " murdered " after cap
ture, and you go on to say that you had " or
.dcred a similar number to be disposed of in
like manner." This is to say that you have
ordered a number of Confederate soldiers to
bo " murdered."
You characterize your order in proper terms,
for the public voice, even iu your own country,
where it seldom dares to express itself in vin
dication of truth, honor or justice, will surely
r.gree with you in pronouncing ycu guilty of
murder, if y ur order is carried u.
Before dismissing this portion of your let
ter, I beg toasure you that for every soldier
cf mine "murdered" by you, I shall have ex
ecuted at once two of yours, giving, in all
cases, preference to any oflicers who may be
in my banc's. .
In reference to the statement you make re-
garamg ino cenin oi your foragers, l have
only to say that I know nothing of it ; that
no ordrts given by me authorize the killing of
prisoners after capture, and that I do not be
lieve that my men killed any of yours except
under circumstances in which it was perfect
ly legitimate and proper they should kill
them
It is a part of the sys'em of the thieves
whom you designate as your forager?, to fire
the dwellings of those citizens whom they
have robbed.
To check this. inhuman system, which is just
ly execrated by every civilized nation, I have
directed my men to shoot down all of your men
wbo are caught burning houses. This order shall
remain in force, as long as you disgrace the
profession of arms by allowing your men to des
troy private dwellings.
Ycu say that I cannot, cf course, qnestion
your right to forage on the country. "It is a
right as old as history." I do not, eir, ques
tion this right. But tbere is a right older
even tban, this, and one more inalienable the
right that' every man has to defend bis home,
and protect those who are dependent upon him.
And from my heart I wish tbat every old man
and boy in mj country, who can fire a gun,
would shoot down, as he would a wild beast,
the men who are desolating their land, burn
ing their bouses, and insulting their women.
You are particular iu defioing aud claiming
war rights." May I ask if you enumerate
among them the right to fire upon a defence
less city without notice; t burn that city to
the ground after it had ben surrendered by
the authorities, who claim d, though in vain,
that protection whicli is always accorded in
civilized warfare to nor. -combatants ; to- fire
the'dwelling houses of citizens, After robbing
them, and p rpetrate even darker crimes than
thefe crimes too black to be mentioned ?
You have permitted, if you have not order-
ed, ti e commission of these offences against
humanity and the rules of war. You fired
into the city of Columbia without a word of
warning. After its surrender by the Mayor,
who" demanded protection to private property
you laid the whele city in ashes, leaving amid
its ruins thousands ef old men aod helpless
women and children, who are likely to perish
of starvation and exposure. Ytur line of
march can be traced by the lurid light of
burning bouses, and in more than one house
bold there is an agony far more bitter than
that of death.
The Indian scalped his victim regardless of
sex or age, but with all his barbarity, he
always respited the persons of his female
capt:ves. Your soldiers, more savage than
the Indian, insult those whose natural protec
tors are abseat.
In conclusion, I have only to request that
whenever you have any of my men ' disposed
of," or " murdered," for tho terms appear to" be
synonymous with you, you will let me hear
of it, in order that I may know what
action to take in the matter. In tie meanN
time I shall hold fifly-six of your men as hos
tages for those whom you have ordered to be
execnted. I am yours, &c,
Signed Wabe Hampton,
. Lieut. Gen'l.
Robbery. A gang pi soldiers, who got cfT
a passing train on the Central Railroad, before
day, on yesterday morning, broke open and
robbed tbe liquor establishment of J J. Over
by, on Wilmington street, of a large quanitity
of liquor, decanters, tumblers, &c. This robbery
was perpetrated within a few -steps of tbe
City Guard House. Where were ear night
watch ?
The Daily South Carolinian, formerly of
Columbia, S. C.,s now published in Charlotte.
j'1 ne Drsi LumDer since its removal from Co-
lumbia, was issued oQ Sunday last, It is
printed at the Bulletin office.
TELEGRAPHIC.
REPORTS OF TUB PRESS ASSOCIATION .
Confederate Congress.
RICHMOND, March 6. In tbe Senate the Iloaae
bill to amend the act regulating the aisessneBt
and collection of Tax-in-Kind was considered.,
The Houso resolution fixing the day of adjenra-
jent was laid on the-table.
The bill te muster negroes ia the ar'ny was
called up, whereupon, tbe Senate resolved iato
secret pension. It Is understood tbat inal actioa
en this subject will be taken to-morrow.
The Iloue refused to concur iu the Seaate
amendment to the tax bill of the Committee ef
Conference, tendered to the Senate. Nothing
else of importance was done.
Eicbanre cf Prisoner.
RICHMOND, March 6. -Official notice is givea
that all Confederate officers and men who were
'irercd at Savannah or Charleston during No
vember and .December last, and all delivered o
James River, prir to the 1st iutt:, are declared
to be exchanged.
Hortbcrn Jews.
RICnUOND, March 6. The Bsltimore Ameri
can of Friday afternoon has been received. It
contains no additional xews of interest.
Frazier Smith has been appointed British Con
sul at Savannah.
V
The destruction of Columbia, by order ofSle-
cun, is re-asserted without particulars.
An emmissary from Maxixnilian reported at
City Point, and 13 endeavoring te get through the
Yankee lines for the purpose of visiting the Con
federate Capital.
Qold 199.
Confederate Congress.
RICHMOND, March 7. In the Senate the re
port from the committee of conference on the tax
bill was concurred in : jeas 12, nays 3.
The House bill for the employment of negroes
as troops was takea up. Mr. Hunter addresed the
Senate at leghfh in opposition to the bill, but
said that he should vote for it, in obedience to in
structions from th Legislature of Virginia. Mr.
Graham also spoke in opposition to the bill. Mr.
Semmes sternly advocated the measure. Mr. Orr
opposed the bill. After a speech by Mr. Barget
in favor of the bill. tho Seaate took a recess unlil
TK o'clock.
In the House, Gen. Hood's report ef operation!
in Tennessee was presented.
Report of the Comxittte of conference ou .the
taxbitywas agreed to. It imposes a tax of 8
per cent, on all property not exempted, aud an
additional tax of one per cent te raise the pay for
the soldiers, current expenses, the government
to be paid, one half in Treasury notes, and half
in certificates of indebtedness. The report of
the Conference Committee on the exemption bill,
agreed to. The. bill substantially the same as
the House bill. After other busiaess, not im"
portant House adjourned.
From Mobile.
MOBILE, Feb. 24. via CHARLOTTE, March 7.
Twenty-two steamers, six Mississippi river
transports are in the lower bay. A large number
of troops are reported on Dauphin Island, and
Pensacola, indecating an early attack on Moble.
War licetlng;
TALADEGA, Feb. 27, vil CHARLOTTE,
March 7. A great war meeting was held here to
day. The masses are ruing this morning. Hon:
A. W. Hill, addressed an imnensc audience in tho
Church for three and a half hours, which called
forth tbe wildest enthusiasm on the part of the
people. The audience was dismissed until 3
p. in. when they were addressed in a speech of
two and a half hours, by Capt? Board, with great
effect.
The result of this effort is, that the people hero
are now a unit, and will prosecute the war vigor
ously. The wh le matter concluded with a
grand national air by tbe ladies.
Northern; Jicws. .
RICHMOND, March 7. Northern papers Of
the 4th, including the evening edition of tbe Bal
timore American, received.
The latter contains a telegraphic report, descrip
tive of thn procession iu Washington and Lin-
eoln's inaugural address; the latter occupying
about the third of a column. Lincoln says, there
is no occasion for an extended address, lie wil
not venture any predictions in regard to the future
Four years ago-, all thoughts were anxiously
directed to the impending war ; all dreaded it ; al
sought to avoid it. Both parties deprecated war,
but one would make war, rather than let the
nation survive ; the other would accept war rathe1
than let the nation perish, and war came ; the
slave interest was somehow the cause of th war;
to strengthen and perpetuate this interest was tbe
object for which the insurgents would rend the
-Union, even by war, while tbe Government claim
ed no right to do more than restrict the territorial
emigrants of it. Neither party expected a war of
such magnitude or duration which' it has at
tained. Neither anticipated that the cause of the
conflict might cease with, or even before the con"
flict itself should cease. Each were for an easier
triumph and results less fundamental and astound
ing.
Fondly do we pray that this mighty scourge of
of war may speedily pass away j yet, if God wills
tbat it continues until a retribution has been visi
ted upon slave holders. It must be said that the
jndgments of the Loi d are true and righteous.
Let us strive on to finish the work we have in
band. .
The papers contain nothing else of interest.
M
Patriotic Action at Staunton The
Richmond Whig is informed that in Staunton
on Monday last there was an enthusiastic
meeting held to give expression to the senti
ments of tbe people of Augusta county in the
present crisis.
Patriotic resolutions Were passed. A yery
.able and eloquent address was delivered by
tbe Attorney General of Virginia, J. K.
Tucker, Esq. The meeting was also address
ed by Hugh W. Sheffey and Alexander H.
II. Stuart, E-q., and tbe crowning act of the
occasion was the taken down, at the meeting,
rter many had necessarily left, thenames of
sixty-five persons who pledged ihemselrea to
gite, not to sell or lend, but to giye to the
army and the Government, supplies amount
ing to one hundred and thirty-four barrels of
flour, 7,075 pouuds of bacon, and $108,17
in money and Confederate bonds 1 And
thereupon a working and energetic Cen
tral Comic itteo was appointed, chared
ith tbe duy, tvhich wlii be premDtlv re
formed, of canvassing the county for supplies
for the army money for the Treasury and
Confederate bonds to be cancelled and srarren
eredtothe Government.
: Armin the Negroes.
The New York Ttibun'e, judging from thf .
following rr tract from an editorial in it4 j,.
sua of the 27th, is disrcsd j0 dmit '
meaning of the clamor ia and tut of Con.
gress on the question of awning mr nUve?
That journa1, say the Richmond Whig, iaR
had a wary rye fix'd npon the debates on this
sublet for ajs rae, and its edit rial scru.
tiny has Veen rewarded by the following npin.
iop, as i result, which appears in the editorial
in question : .
It is idle to suppose the majority of cn. n
the Rrbrl Senate wijl bold out acainst th al
lest nnanioiuus opinion of the Rebel leader
ard Rebel journal, and Rebel people a fe
II unkerish planters excepted, who, like.r
Conservatives at the North, tover learn anv
thing snd i ever forg t n- ih!ng. The on'r
duibt iu the case is no whnhir the Rbth
mean to rais a regro force, but whether thc-v
have not already rai.-ed thnt f. rce. It L
shrewdly suggested tktt this oppeannce nf
debate ard delay Twno tber purpose thn t!
c verthe proceeds of organization now ctu
lly going on. Tie appointment of Lee ft
UeneraMn Chief when l e was known e
Lodocate of arming the nteroe?. xhnu-.,i
he was o have his own way, and w0 have a
report from a source that ouht tj he well i
forn.ed, that tho Rebel have befn f.,r
if not months busily n.l i fiiliD
army of ne4 roc, and thaUt tr8 nion ent
they are about ready to enter the tid h i '
a scited that they arc to tear the brant of
Sherman a advance and that without evacuJ
ting Rtchmond or even reterslurg. the Con
federacy the help of this newrtcro armv
will prove itself able to ij-k a b .ttfe tor tl.a
possesion cf North Carolina. We do not
vouch for the report. . There are many rr,
babilittrs against it. The U'cWnd paper
aretn much in eain"st to bo ounterfeitino
The reluctance to overturn the "orner a ne'
of tho Confederacy hns been too real. It is
but lately that tbe onpopition seemed' in tho
wayuf bcin silenced. Rut tho report ittelf
ic another evidence that tho fact U about ttJ tu
accomplished,
Raid on Light Bmw.-The New Yurk
Herald has the following dispatch from Wash
ington :
On Saturday night last, a . party of re'iek,
numbering about one hui.diedand fifty, uudr
cmnand of Lieutenant Taylor Wucd, of tho
rebtl navy, aud nephew of Jeff. Davis left
lcomico river in six and saiall ho us, bouul
on a raid to Smith's island, with the design of
destroying tf q light .boats. Tho guuboat
Yankee and several other of our boars
were informed of their movenunts, and
at once started in pursit of them. It may b
as our gunb ats were last mgbt shclliuw tho
woods in the vicinity of Smith's Point light,
ou the western shore, tbat tho. rebel gan had
re umed to that po'ot aud had escapeJ to tho
main land. Word's is tho same party who
captured the Satellite nod the Reliance.
jOTIOK KUNAWAY SLAVE.
Was taken up, and committed to the public jail
of Nash county, N. C, on the 1st day of March
l8fJ'."i.eKr?,uB wh.?J8hi name is UlLLU
that he wai raised by B. W. Dann, i8.,
of this county, and was sold br Mr. Duan, in
1862, to a Richmond trader; 'that he ws pur-
?JaSiCQdtinf-icl-,in.on hJ one P'- Jo8CP bi"le, of
the 13th Mississippi Regimeiit; and was carried
f!.iIe.rT-!?t,.n . aW that bis to81" a
killed in the battle cf Gettysburg, Pa., and that
he soon afterwards left and came back to his ol
neighborhood, aud has been remaining tbero
vr since.
Said boy is 28 years old, 5 feet C inches big;
weighs about 160 lbs.. rthr tn.t h.i i,iT,.J
color ; Lad on, when committed, common Vieht
homdspun clothes, and fur cap.
Tbe owner of said bor will please come forward,
prove property, pay charges, and take him awar
otherwise, he will be dealt with as tho law dU
rects.
N W. COOPER, Sheriff,
Nsh ciuuiy, X. C.
mir 7-vCt
T
A K E N UP
A COT cam to my house on the 28th of last
March, and I upposo is the property or 80m0
refugee from the lower counties. 1 want tho
proper on ner to como forward, prove nronertr.
pay damages, and take her away. "
I live thfee milos from Boon Hill Depot.
marCh7fff WILLIAM RAIN ES .
IMPORTANT SALE IN WAK
1 KEN COUNTY N. C.
I shall sell at public auction, at the late reri
dence of my deceased husband, William Wilson
(3 miles south of Warrcnton, on tho Louisburg.
road) on Tuesday the 51st of March, tbe follow
ing property, viz ; Two valuable horses, 8 or 10
bead of very fine cattle, a nu Tiber "f hogs house
hold and kitchen furniture, 1 one-horse wagou, a
lot of brandy, and a portion of merchandise, con
sisting of cotton yarns, cotton cloth, shoes aod
other article, too tediousjt mention.
Terms in ado known on day of salo
A.N. WILSO.Y,
mar 4 2taw wtda Administrator.
SCOTCH AND 1IIGH-TOAST
SNUFF.
The " DIXIE LADY " Scotch Snuff, is muna
facturedbv CLAKK A MILLER, Graham, N. C.
This finely livigated Snuff is manufactured of
the best materials, with a determination to nuke
it the best! dentrifice now offered to the public,
great care being taken to have all the ingredients
free from dirt or other impurities.
it is prepared under the Immediate management
and supervision of a careful person who has had
up in packages of half-pound each, in boxes of
fifty pounds, the justly celebrated eld "STONE
WALL " Smoking Tobacco, and CIGARS of the
finest quality that U put up in the Confederate
States, by JJ. J, CLAKK.
jan I8-d2tawCw
D. C. Murrat. J. A. Moo&k. W. J. IIahrmoi
D. C. MURRAY & CO.,
GENERAL
AUCTION AND COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
FAYETTEVILLE STREET, RALEIGH, N. 0.
Having regularly commenced bueinew, foicft
consignments. They will attend promptly to tho
purchase and aalo of all Goods, Stocks, fce., Ac
REFERENCES
C. Dewey, Cash., W. II. Jones, Cafh., Raleigh.
Messrs. Harris A Howell, Wilroingtom
J. H. Lindsay, Cashier, Greensboro'.
1). A. Davis, Cashier, Salisbury.
T. W. Dewey, Cashier, Charlotte.
A. McLean, Cashier, Faetteville.
James E. Cuthbert, Cashier, J'etersburg,
Branch, Morton A Co., Richmond, Va.
feb -wSt
AWAY
mucn experience in me employ of tbe Lovillabus,
in their Snuff Factory, in New York City.
The HIGH-TOAST is a Salt Snuff. Also, nut
Taken ud and committed to jail, in Concordt
Cabarrus county, N. C, a negro boy who saj
his name is JOHN SMITH, and says he belong
to Eliza Ellison and Willian Canada, of V aU
county, and that he was purchased of Thofc
Smith, of Hyde county, about 5 years ago. 'a
boy is about 20 years old, 5 feet 5 inches bijjD
alow of speech, yellow complexion, had on wlu8
ccitou p4uU, uove colored casmere coat; na
says he was hired last year to the High hoa!l
Iron Manufacturing Company. .
The owner is hereby notified to come forward
prove property, pay charges and take birn away.
l SLOUGH. Shcrifl
feb l-v6m of Cabarrus county, h. v.