THE CONFEDERATE.
SvhtI 1 o;R?)iitutioO"
'Te nrr no-re sti-fied "f the existence of &
' :il I r-!::'ri'. : r 4:, 1 T.a llT. II- Our
n:.it, th.: wijoi: ai'si 1 "'! !. "l-jCt H frW
f : iy.r rt:- t ;:!p-.ir; suggests
t. tw C t f-nl lh i.z r.-.-tci. T .i nt
cncur v-ifh th i'i u iV"nn w rT.:; ost
eite to lis- j nt-i'C tacts vchic 1 uie been - ur-The-i
o u, nri. JMs Trarn T.d rot tLe pul.T'C
1 its g:ii. ysv hiv;? J?;e tlr irt'j r? aS good
;:u : rt: ? t it KsL-a- Sw the autocrines
h i) hai-- t.f- ;ii.t.-; tfi of rh? Si r in their
1 J:, tv 'I lilt S'l!
t?? n- r,f. that
i'uT:, l :ar o--f!f, oi &f the uis! pro!JI-u.-a;
u-.i in 'tie "ire s4?:6--i of the xis
'.C'S z'tr.ci vrgrfuiiitiuu in the Slate.
i:c t-y- -;! "ie Quii'i -alien t is wp-ju It. asd we
.. l.-vj -. ..n. -ct ii3i :is arui c;s anJ Will reach
!; r '..- T -atit, it ot its IftdeS W late
ia si!:t;'.!i; fr ftn-. ' lit Cary I;etri?t,
f 'ere in a-i ;.ui:or, a ,j-:.-tie of lbs peace,
i U vfr'l cue wo. T"".- u: 't i: Ci.sham who
-'f'.ie i t ) ;t J,i! i'hy-!c':,n t CjhJ nunicate
i him the r'j-J- ,r ob::iiaiu3 y,u!;c- proW?-
WIi-ii j.u'oii-;"i t'itfe f iCtf. Mr. Hoi lec
- : i ti ; r-s il ii j -.u turned cocmn iefor-
f;vr?" .Sc.i! L--,!,, tint Mr. Hoi Jen n-iy be
-apob'.v ..r f tr-?:'!k rr-.p:ii.e, w9 a?t tvin if fact
: uclsiny '-.i'; s:;icty a j'ri-'tT. rc:-itir ;r io t!i
.ui.ui" i.. f-s;crst crisis?, are fur:ii-hed to
r. he ; I i j.ubMa iirS4, -whst'itr it is not
the 'lu-y othe rcoipi'int to coiiiiUQicate thfl
T;nj!clr:t9 the IcgU uuti) riti?, and pub
':c!y to 1 it prop! nn their 2"nr e
oaM like to i.4Y J!r. Holi?ss replj.
V- '.'i-ii liti-.w .7l.at all g i cliis?:: will
an wo ,.; .;':. u in thij ruatieror
i nifi.i .; y : 'iii.'!..r2 a :m'!1o fluty, and
r.itii'-r t -; t'.i.tn p.joute .iy citizun
Liit '.r-zhuj) .1 tl.;ruj anfI criminal
j'uh... il. :.. A;, i 11 mT a.;iii, wo warn tbce
tour f-.IUiw-oiiiii:: wh-. un'ier any Alarm
vr tr.wir pcr.wj? or prp''-rty, or h. .:ny nn
iur ifillaiicp, r by any isit-scuncepiion. haT
.;oue in:. j tiii.- c.;x oitr.it: 0:1, it cr.b ai.d
voi !t. Swcn ii their bate ty i?ch : ihtir
viuty. Tl.t a'h v.h: h "liey have tak:u, car
I
ries u bi '.-.li.-i.; ;:r.ct. It a i.vj. se.i witii
r.t aut.iori:y :m I vaj -.riininal because isn
tr.'jral iu iw., .rj(i . !i .n..bk if il reach to
ti.e o!j.'o;s wrioh vre supposu ; 'and to one
r-ffc.l t-.Mr ii3 penalty. If any one in tbe ex
. '.; in 01 this pei..ily wro to " sh.H;t another
thr Kia h-u l," ;.aJ kill Inm, thut aTJ
toui.I !. u f---.n a-i'l murilerer, in upon
.inviciion vu bj t-iee ited by haninj.
Th.ro is, th ; f. r., fvoty ob'iga;i-.:i upo.'j
t.oinj.-!, it.f-r, v:t kr4o.v as"!y tiling shout this
:,iiir..,ti , to exp'wa it ; tint, it iiuiity ik
m jj,' '( br. !; ti-; if in v.icc.:t it m..y be
In ti.is c ,n 'oii ;j ric rtiiirk or
t'.v:. al ut lis hi hc i.-t S'uml ird. Whuievcr
ve kli.i '. v .;.iicti ii r;; h the suspension of
trie ha! lis cj; r'ti.i, we h?.ve ;i.-o-.TcJ ar.J Uud
M. W t h.ive 1:0 upp.ehenrkM of being
" .;urivl by friii-u while we live," for we
re in the u.vily receipt of frittering tesiimo
u'tM fr-im tijo very best of men and v. orn?n
in the Suto, onveyiasj sejitimrnts of esteem
Ibr r.s pr.-.)iniIlT, avA exprfsing satisfaction
wich our eJitori 11 course ; fur tbe raison Itiat
tji.n'.ijh we h ive to ticul with Mr. Ilo'den, we
rivt.'ni abn.-v f Iiim, and only comment on
Mich matieia as ,.re open totho public. Nor
rm we solicitous about our memory ichen tee
Cf it tie id. We .ire sur? of one tljin -if com
mon Uf'icM 'u d. p.9 us, we shall be held a one
who loved bid couulry, wh.o riever deserted
her cnuh, and who pronounced in proper
tenns on tho?c who did counsel or encourage
oe.-iTtion. " Q
On theother hand, rren who irraine
ttcrr. U r other?, sometimes fail t. preceite
their own true, estimate, ar.d rainly fancy
that tiie adulation cf a few, acJ thy imt of
the Letter sort, ii the esteem f focirty.
Thtse mru run no ritki)f bavin; a ' menicry
KTeerutttl after death " for they are forgot-t-'u
and le.ive no memory at all.
The Huinpton Certificate.
The qjesiion of veracity, in th matter of
thi foret'ing certificate, cs alM the question
of Mr. llolden'a purposes in the call c f a Con
vention, have been settled, in tbe popular
judgment, azainst Mr. Holden. Both Mr.
IAtnptou aud Mr. Horton are respectable
mu, and they prove the fact poitiveIy. Wo
have heard, however, that Gov. Vance has
fince referred for confirmation to Mr. Walser
of Davidson, and Mr. Sherwood of Guilford.
If. so, it mu-it ba d-ue by authority of thee
gonikauiii. A correspondent in the Confed
erate of yo.-terd ly.'froni Granville, refers to
W. II. Smith, sheriff of Person, as having
heard a similar declaration from Mr. Holden
in January or February last. It has also been
currently reported here, that Mr. Holden held
a sliuIar conversation with Capt John Berry
of Orange. Hearing this,aDd anxiou to reach
the truth, we addressed a note to CaptTBerry
and as we should have used his reply, if it
Md been unfavorable to Mr. Holden, we feel
bcartd to give him the benefit of Capt. Berry's
statement ; which is in these words : "The
certificate you allude to, of Messrs. Hampton
and others, I have never seen ; but if I am
correctly iuformed of their contents, Mr
Holden has made no such disclosures to me,
as arc indicated in the certificates.
We are in receipt of a letter enclosing $12,
written by Wm. 11. D. Lindsay, P. M.", in
structing us to send the Daily Confederate to
Dr. P. A. Hay. The Post date is " Madia
Post office, N. C " but as there is no such Y.
O. in the State, as we are informed at the P.
O. ia this city, the writer will oblige us by
giving tho P. O. addrfs- more distinctly.
A-
?u'ii Sentiment.
Extract of a !e.t-r forn- Johnston county i
I-:ncbed 6u J 416. or !h& renewal of my
r nbscripti.tu ' the L) i;ly Confedercl, wih
- .iaii fhns a wt;cMT? ri-ier. I cat
well do witlmtit p.?y roeib", s tb Confcdsfa"',
luna fi 301 ontirjn'? t expose the -'tricks .
of II -.Men. the er.ensT of ht cotinfry. 1 cm
avoirs you tint HoMon st' H greatly de
preciitli ia hi &h?ttt. Tnc will carry
Ins Cf-UM'y by a corwdenib! nnyrrty.
Mhbt thtt Trert? id fi't for II !dn, hare
changed, aud are going 4 o .vote for Vane
pjxtract wf a Istttr from Surry cunty :
" At una 6;r:, 1 thought. Holder; would get
h very rcsp'eeiible t3 i j this coa jiv, if not
it uiij jrit. U ii public sentiment h very
tna'-h oaanged iuc Kolden's Cr7entiao
paiicy baa leaked o-jt. Ererybidy brlieTes
the certificattj of Mr. Hamptou,NSlr. Horton
iutl other, and tome of Hoi Jen' once wafra
eat frienda, wh- f hare re-isoo to beliro were
theraa'-Wes privy to hU dest'ss, express their
SreatSt a.fon:shrocnt a hit dtnying the
charf ; and fiy they mz done with hira.
Va-.ce v;!i e-wry the cou'ity by a decided ma
jority. The" pjp'.e are cot plfascd with the
courbr ot the Legislature keeping militia cfii
ct rs, j:s' ticca of the peace, crjstabies. &c, out
ci the arir.v, wieii there ;i no mire use f. r
them at h-'m tbn there was for their own
s: :k-, bru:hei's( vriiJ hsv been requirud
A letter frosn (amleriand coanty, aays :
1 btlite all enr county cuudidale. are Yancn
men. A ILiIdcaite would not black tho
board " iu Cunabrland.
A gen tl man well informed as to public1
aentimtnt in Chatham county, writes:
" To ay that Holden has no friends here,
would begoin to far. ;Thereare, I am sorry
to "ay, a ood many of his stripe ; but nothing
like a majority. 1 suppose about one-third of
the roteri wouhl cat their ballots for Holden
if the ejection were to-iru.rrw. Six weeks
ago ha would h;ie carried the county. But
the irp$ are becoming convinced, and are
loavi;: him ami hit dangerous proposition ;
and by the time trie count t canvas in oer,
be will not have, in my opinion, fire hundred
who wnl rote ior him. As Holden i wost to
say " Mark my prediction."
The Haiders inEastern JTortM Carolina.
Our Kiuston Correspondent, who is ever
prpmpt to fcrep us advised'of movemeBts itl
that section,, informs us that on tbe night of
the 1st, that town was aroused about mid
night by the arrival of a courier at Head
quarters, representing that the euemy were
advancing in force on the Djver -road, and
had driven in our pickets as far as Wise'a
Fork, some mx orjright miles from KiuMon,
find 'that heavy skirmishing wxs go ng on
between the two force. Gd. Folk, of the
6:h N. C. cavalry, commander of tho post,
ir.irneilii.teiy repaired to front ard took his
position to leeotiUoitie, in advance of the k it-
mishers, along with his A'ij itant, Lt. RieVd.
Blackwell. The homes of both these f ffions
have returned without tneir riders, an I it is
feared they have fallen into the hand cf the
yauktes, cither killed or captured.
In the skirmish, Lt. Kiipatrick,. of the 6th
N. C cavalry, is said to have been killed, ?tnd
private Kiipatrick wounded. in the lip. Ono
company of the Gth N. C. cavalry, numbering
60 men, are aid to be cut off on the lower
Trent road ; but it i3 believed the most, if not
all cf ihera, will make their escape fifteen
have already come in. The enemy's strength
is variously estimated, but it was evidently
very small, and wna designed only as arecon
noitering and thieving expedition.
It was also reported that a heavy column
of the enemy was advancing on the north
side of the Ncuso. Another report was that
they were in force in Oaalow moving towards
the Wilmington Railroad at Magnolia. And
still another report is that a force was ia tho
nsighborh-.od uf Greenville iu Pitt county.
Siejis of coursijvere promptly taken to look
after them. We have plenty oforce to attend
to all the jankce3 in Newborn and Beaufort,
if they do not allow themselves to be caught .
napping. The whole yankce force below does
not exceed two thousand ; and these move
ments are predatory parties to rob, reconnoitre
our positions, e. Besides Lieut. Kiipatrick
killed, menticne.i above, wc hear also of Lieut.
Debatt and private Phillips of Folk's cavalry.
A correspondent at Kingston, writes us
follows: " Tbe secret oath-bound oraaniza
tion mentioned in the Conjederate a few days
ago, the object of which is to destroy the
Confederate Government, is in full blast in this
town. I am informed that a Convention cf
these tories, representing several counties in
this section of the State, was held in Golds
boro' on Monday aad Tuesday - last. This
county was represented, it is said, by four del
egates, who are well known in this commu
nity as desperate political characters."
Major Gen. Buj-hbod Johnson. The
friends of this admirable officer, says the Co
lumbia South Carolinian, will be pleased to
learn that he has been promoted for his gal
lantry from a Brigidier General to his present
rank. 'No soldier has fought harder during
the war none has won prouder distinction
on the field and when the narratives of Fort
Donelson, Sniloh, Chickamauga, Knoxville,
and more latterly, of the South Side, are writ
ten, the part wfeich he has played therein will
be among the brightest annals cf our strug
gle. '
Traitors. It is said that the parties de
tected in Augusta in communicating with the
enemy, are females. They should be im pris
oned forthwith and kept in ejnfinement till
the close of the war. They are probably high
4 in social position, but we hope the authorities
have tbe nerve to do their dut.
i
i
If anytbiog wfo wautiog to make all our taitted to eke out the enjoyment of thepridS
opto r g f.-rever ?nv rra"ut or trace of for which their aale wa-s effected,
ought, that lharv ma ins day of re-as- j " TUs horrid cruelties ; the known fafthleas
,ciation with th yar,k? ratioa, tLi.i thins ; nesabf tho race from whom we hare ' p--rate;
anted atir u to figattic jproportiona, 1 should warn all .our people to loen from all
the brtiul, teMcios. worse than beastly i though of ererytbing, but the working out
wdties which both leaders and foiloweis ;
.iong the enemy practice, and boast cf.
herever they now advance, ruin, desolation,
destruction of property, privatend ptib-
track their way. They pause not to ask j
he, ir she whom thsy projo) rob, arjd
. mar.y. casva outrage and murder, h a ccin-
I tant, or the wife, or daughter, or sister of
; j. fur yet even do they stop to ask, if by
; iy possibility there may bo Union syrhpa
' liaer Also, for such misguided wretches,
ho have lout the sympathy of their own
' op'e, they have acquired nothing by tho
v Ccrifice. The raiding or invading enemy
ings no supply train , and he must live upon
go land : the food of each and all Is ferreted
ut to the -iast morsel, and taken, stolen,,
vithont stint of conscience, and devoored
without stint of appetite, Public buildings
ii privote dwelling, school houses, and
hurchep. and farm bouses are given to the
iames ; while the thieving villains stuff and
) nrfcit with their ill g tten gsifis. Among
I ther instances., no worse nor any better, are
p. wo which fall under our observation, and
?omeuj ui with such authority as makes
heir truth unquestionable, cue of which in
volves a "ruffian who calls bita6lf Gen.
Warren."
I A p or la4y, a Mrs. Curry, rosided near
AAn foa l1i40 1 W 1 021 1 Pfi
;nd hrr house was stripped of everything tho
ft. ad. Not so much as a meal's victuals were
ft to kep life in her body : and she had two
r isk children. The pior lone, desolate, plun
,J i(r-jd womn4 in behalf of those little sntfer-
j ::ig children, besought permission from this
iB-called GaBaral Warren, to buy a few of
he stores, her own property, of which she
iad been robbed : ad as though ha was the
oth-eo' shoddy of a'sofd-out establishment,
plotbrii: witW wealth, he replied V we keep
Aothiug for aale." Thon, said tha half fran
ie wo:uau (as tbe Richiuond Examiner re
seats it) " I will bi. Give me,' for God's
ake, a meal of meatier my sick children."
This was a Southern, a Virginia matron, who
lad lived irs comfort on her own property;
t wr.d it was lor the small pittance of this sin-
na!, f'm hr own stores, that abe was
j imploring, for an object that might .well have
'j noved to pity a devil in hell. We c mfes3
f .ur hair rles to end as we record the answer
that issued from the lips of this heartless
f iliias. " Afadim, tct real that during the
' t? 0 r Jerusalem 1 'too men were reduced to eat
i their children."' He had s!.aird th que3-
tion had read the history of lik- events, and
j forrseein tht in the eiur of his r'dlitary
f carr h might fltvl om wek mother, far
' enagh frox sucor, aid suffL'tsatly ia his
I power, to enable him to bring to bear tb ac
qui.itin of his intlectud labors, lo !
wi.h whai studied, calm, complacent demean
' or he uttered the passage- from hi.otory
women were reduced to eat thsir children."
r
The picture is an impressive ona the lord
?' !y General and his suppliant. It commends
4 if?elf t- every ;na-n with n whrsr9050m lives
' x spark of e nrag or humanity wan is not
1 prepare I to be a do; who is not already
' meaner than a dog.
Another instan-je is that "of an interview
' between a Virginia mother and Grant. This
; one was the mother of Confederate sons j and
; Laying fallen within tho yankee lioes, she
sought and ootainel an' interview with Geat
! Grant, and asked for a passport to enable her
' to get to Richmond, with her friends. "You,
' are better where you are. When I enter
Richmond, women's persons will not be safe.''
Thes scenes are verified. They aro true
1 saith the Examiner. This last was addressed
. by the commanding General of the yankee
array Grant and thus we are assured that
when be enters Richmond, all the acts fore
shadowed in the nefarious programme of
Danlgren, are to be par formed. Rapine, lust,
slaughter, conflagration are to bo let loose
like unleashed hell-honnds, to rage and rint
when "woman's persons will not be safe.'
It is well for us to ponder on these things.
There is yet among some, a delusive hope,
reaching back by a feint, brittle hold on some
possible restoration of union with our ene
, mies. These are not they who utter their
s thoughts,?rjut keep them locked in, coramit
; ting treason upon their own hearts.
There are yet others some base, craven,
; cowards, afraid to look the coming future in
the faee ; others, ambitious demagogues, who
; would barter soul, country, family all for
j aggrandisement, and hope to save it by sacri-
firing to the foe.
J And yet others arrant sympathizers with"
i our invaders who have never felt a loyal
pulsation towards our Government ; who hope
disaster may enable the eneuy to reach and
shake hands with them.
All these clasRes are to be found in that
family 0 Rahab the Harlot, of which we
spoke a feV days since, aud about which we
hate every reason to believe the Government
j will take speedy action. They are they who
would have shown out tbe "scarlet thread, or
raised a brother's cry of distress." Depraved
and wicked traitors, and most deceived and
deluded people are they. It is notorious, and
it to the credit of the yankee who is entitling
hfcselftobut little, that he citemns aad
despises the betrayer, and the spy, and the
pilot. He avails himself of his base instrumen
tality, but loathes and hates the tool ; and
when his service is at an end, he never fails
to receive a more bitter and more des
tructive punishment. Of this class, rery
few, only such as Andrew Johnson, Brown
taw, and thoao who are still needed, are per-
cf our compieteaui prrpeiuai separation u
independence.
When wa undertook 4.hs chief editjrial
management, of ta Confederate, tba public
miud was in -a state of anxiety and itlarm. A
series of peace meetings, "runnirfg through a
portion of the past sumnisr, had wrought a
naot injurious influence on the public mind
Misleading the pcwnle from a relianro upon
the Government which is and can be tbe only
resort fojr peace, on any right or safe terms, or
indeed ou any triB3 at all and causing them
to look to some undefined and ilgitimnte
source for etfectiug this object. Men sprung up
every where, politicians and demagogues,
whose hands with a musket in. them would
have done more, to accomplish a peace than
their heads are ever likely to and thesa men
for the mere sake of parly, and personal ad
vantage, gulled and deluded the people with
tbe idea that the war could be brought to a
close by soma action which thy described
under the figureof "holding thsolive branch;''
but not one of them let go an idea at all prac
ticable; not one did say, or have yet said
how by what rneans it what manner, or
through what probable or possible instrumen
tality the enemy could be approached, or
tns offered, or negotutions obtaiaed.
Thc3e.inen charged, at the same time, that
the Government had done noihing, attempted,
uothing, to procure peace ; and some of them
wnt so far as to declare that the Presideat of
the Confederacy did not defciro peace, tut a
prolongation of tbe war ; and the most, bitter
invective, abuse and villifioation were Utapcd
on our Goverameht aad its repfe?eatalives,
while fccarce a isproach was tittered against
the enemy. Ia tho meantime, tbe advocatea
of the cause remiiadad the psopie of ths utter
impracticability of auy such iilegal, unwise
and ill-timed movements. It ws shown how
tLat the Preside at had availed himself of three
iceixrng opportunities for the offering of nego
tiations, aad all had been rejected with con
tumely and insult. It was also tbown how
that Gjngrete, at every sesaioa, and tho Presi
iJeat ia every message, had indicated au
araeat desire for peace ; and how that Lin
coln, bis Coagress, bis pres, his political com-
L ven lions, and the whole north, except a very
SVaall minority, wholly powerless to perform
a political act, had declared, and continued to
declare, that there should be no peace, except
upou our submisbioa ; aad were still proceed
ing to levy armies to devastate our territory
are wers still legislating to confiscate our
property and attack our liberties and lives.
Aud thus matters stood wh.'ti.tlie aew Coa
grea met. Aad now where is tha pa6tbt
was promised ? We as'kthe people of John
ston county, where ia the peace that Dr.
Leach told them last fall Would ba forth
coming which they were to find at the spring
when they went for water, if only u were
lected ? He was elected, aod others like
him hot quite so muh so as be, but of the
&mf stripe and what has he w.hit have
j they done, to get pace t promote peace
to advaucc it auiota? Why nothiujr. Dr.
I3ith introduced a string ot resolutions, that
were promptly tabled, which were regarded
as ridiculous and absurd, by the wisdom aad
character of the house ; and were put aside
some of the tii?mber$ voting against laying on
the table, only oat of a decent regard for tho
feelings of the mover, who, ia spile of all his
nonsense, and wo fear a good deal of derna-.
gogueir-m and much disloyalty, is entitled to
more respect than others of his kidney; for
ho has thedoifged pluck to back his opinions,
which 1 a quality to -b respected.
Ana there this peace humbug ended out f
North Carolina. A manifesto,, proper in ts
terms, dignified in its tone, and embodying
true peace ideas, was introduced, and pasted
in secret session. It is said Dr. lieach voted
agf.inst it but this is not important. It
passed, and the enemy have again been told
that we are ready, willing, anxious for peace
eager t negotiate and only wait the mo
ment when they will hold out the least pros
pect that an offr would be accepted.
Since the passage of this manifesto, two
political conventions have met in the North,
to nominate candidates for the Presidency.
Oue has nominated John U. Fremont ; the
other Abe . Lincoln. Both have announced
the determination to prosecute this war until
the Federal Government exercises its rule over
the whole South. Vet, in face of all this, the
pitiful, shameful, injurious cry of peace, is
put up from week to week in this town, by
two papers the cry however it is believed of
one voice to the disgust of the patriotism
and intelligence of the Confederacy, and the
contempt of the yankees. From day to day
the people continue to be surfeited with this
sort of stuff: "Mr. Holden is the only peace
candidate." Yet the 44 peace candidate "
this " self-nominated " on the " shortest road
to peace," won't condescend to accept an In
vitation to go out and tell the people how he
will get peace (or them. But when he ie in
vited, and the people want to know what
plan ho proposes to secure peaee, oh, no, says
he, I can't come. Be quiet you will become
oxcited you must not ba harangued lor
votes." Fortunately for the people, one of
his plans has been thoroughly exposed his
Convention scheme, to go out of the Confede
racy. Had this succeeded, the State aow
would have been in tbe agonies of a double
war.
From this, Mr. Holden has been saved.
eitght to be grateful.
He
Thc Lnst Governor's Election.
In his lat issue Mr. Holden says : "Two
y tars ago, this VanTfc Cpl.UeRae . deliverrtl a
violent harangue to Lb leginierit.ajaiast Gov.
Varte." 4 - 7 . . ' '
Wb might apply to this statement the same
force of contradiction that .the 0ohse9live
does to Mr. Hohten's charge against iuf being
bought; but we are uot k disposed. Wheu
the day cornea for a personal reckoning be
tween Mr. Holden and Cd.McRae, the public
wiil not be troubled with the controversy.
But Mr.: Holden in whollrTrrfsfafcert. Co!-
McRae made no harangue of any sort against
Gov. Vance ; nur did he ever mako a political
speech in his regimeut ; nor did he ever state
to a half dt.xeo privates in hia command how
he was goiug to voUj. Tho vote of his regi
ment was wholly uninfluenced by CoJ. McRe.
Ncr did he ever have a punishment inflicted
ou hie men calculated to h amble or degrade
them. There were one or two Irishmen -in
his regiment who' were good, baave soldiers
but they would get drunk scjoeumes,' and
were obstreperous They vfere sometimes
bucked; but. they wre generally turned
over for treatment to their captains. If Mr.
Heiden had been in Col. McRaeM command,
it is rot improbable that he would have been
obliged to buclc him frequently ; but he would
have done so with reluctance, for the gtod of
o "
the regimeut. Wherever Mr. Uuldeu finds a
private soldier, of tho old Fifth, he will find a
friend to Col. McRaa and he would not ex
change the kindly regar tsihat his soldieral
have for him, for any office that North Car;
him r,r anw .111- tliar lrlh I'or.
olina could bestow "ambitious" as Mr. Hoi
den considers him.
Personalltlts.
We knnw it is very hard jfor any cne with
the instincts of a geatleniaa, to bear a personal
inrult- and we know on the other, hand how
much of license the public expects to be al
lowed. to. a pre5S.. ' All criticisms of a . public
msn conveyed ia decorous langttag, about
his conduct, in reference to puhlic affairs, is
fair matter of dicussioa... When the discussion-
goes beyond fais, and epithets are applied
peraor.atiy offensive ia their aature, the legit
imacy of -discuasion is broken ; or when oven
in a public matter, a man's integrity as a
fiscal agent, or his courage as aa officer in
military service, is questioned other thao by a
duly constituted tribunal, it ia at the hazard
of the party calling this in question, and he
ought to hold himself answerable. Jf he does
thon the party assailed has choice of remedies.
But it an Editor offers thi kind of personal
injury, and from conscientous scruple or other
cause wiil refuse persoual satisfaction ; and so
offers his insult that legal redress may not be
obtained, or if obtained would not be compen
satory ; then there is but oue other step. In
such case, a citizee loving the law, and anxious
to avoid its violation, will lorbesr as peg as
possible. He will note the public sentiment,
and defer to it ; and will only act when char
acter aad outraged feeling compel it. Thus
acting, he will wake a successful appeal to
the public, that the consequences are not with
him ; and when the peace of society is neces
sarily broken, ho will not be to blaato. .
0
Inother Proposition.
Mr. Holden has been speaking lately of our
"love of money '' that we have been
" bought," and 14 have a master." - Now we
do not 44 pretend " to a love of the dear peo
ple. It is uot our vocation to pretend ; but
we (the senior) desire to test this money ques
tion. We propose that Mr. Holden shall have,
with two others whom we shall name, the
opportunity of a full investigation- of all
we have rcoeived, or are to receive, from the
State, by our late busioses inEurnpe ; and
whatevertho same is found to be, (except that
for which we show a voucher as an article o
necessaries purchased for our family,) we pro
pose to give it to Trustees for the benefit of
mutilated soldiers of North Carolina provi
ded Mr. Holden will give a like aum dollar
for dollar.
If this proposition is accepted, the iavsat
ment can be made in a week.
The Six Per Cent Bnds. The long ad
vertised sale of Six Per Ceut. Bonds, from tax
able and the coupons receivable in pay of ex
port and import duties, took place at Colum
bia, S.C., on Tuesday last. Ocly $6G5,000
of the oonds were sold at prices ranging from
150 to 135. The drawback to the sale was
the want of money. If the debts due to tbe
public had been paid previous to the sale, or
the conditions thereihad allowed orders to he
drawn on thj Treasury Department by those
to whom the Government was indebted, the
Columbia South Carolinian expresses the opin
ion that probably a million 'more would have
been realized.
Rather a graphic description of the tiee
which bind Mr. Holden to the Conserva
tives: Artemu3 Ward In an affecting account
of his courting with 4' Betsy Jane," Arternus
Ward says :
44 There were many affectin' ties which
made me hanker after Betsey Jane. H-r
father's farm jined ourn ; their cows and
ourn squenched their thirst at the same
spring ; our old mares had stare on their fi.r
reds ; the mea-les broke out In both families
at nparly the same time ; our parents (Betsey
Jane's and mine) slep regu'arly every Sun-,
day in the same meetin' house, and the na
bors used to observe, How thick the Wards
and Teasels air 1' Itwas a sublime sight in
the spring of the year to see pur several moth
ers (Betsey's and mine). with tbeir.gowns pin
ned up so thaMhey couldn' sile 'em, affec
shunitely billinr soap together and aboosing
tbe nlbtiTa."
That miserable renegade, Andy Johnson,
came very near losing his "light" in Nashville
the other day. A drunken yankee officer fired
at him with a pitol, the ball grazing the akin
aod going through his coat.
North Gabolina. Puwonf.ik. A Lttcr
.from Lr. G.tCorheit; O Ifi,. 18th N C. T.,
dated Fortress Monroe, M-ly 10 h. 18tl, tivt
the following list of the cfliccrs of tr.at Itegi
ment then with -fct.'Owbett at Fortress M "n.
roe ; Capts Letvis and W oten, Lieuts. ' r
bett, Elkm, Rowland,"; Townsced, Frink. 1
1 11 tosh and Ballard, and Sergeant M jr
Mitchell. Lt! Corbf-tt t.is 1 nunti r.s ii .id
dition, tho following members of r U C.ntp.o.y
whom hehassren: Hergt. J. F. Croi. O r.
p ral Pete rf on, Privates I). Ma'(fs.N. L:.v-isL-BriMwi,
W. Jit'tier, C. J. Piul, X.
Miller,- J. Woodcock, . J. PulWd, M. G.
Sudth, W. H. Brnbil!, C. T. n .-r, "u
is slightiv wounded. Dalian Marha.l of lh
30tb is a'30 alou.
An eitrnet fr-ui u letter fn-tn Lieut -Co'.
Win. M. Purvey, 3d N. C. infrairy. d tici LJ.
S. Steamer " Utica,' May loth." 'iv; s t) m
: folloving mmes as with hiui, uniiurt ,.
eti
route for Fort Delaware.
New .'Hanover nptna CtntwtU :,nd
Cowan of the 3 , Lc.iisof the 18:h, Mvii.n of
the 7th: Lieuts. Pickett, Mrt.'h iny ,c 1
Crapon of tbe 3d, Frank Mitchell. lSlri.
OhsloW Maj'. Eunetr, Lieuts. St IHv,
King. Gurganus of the 3d, and Henderssn.
Cumberland Capt. Home, Lts. M-iiii'tUnd
Anderson.
Beaufort C4pt. St're and Lvnr. Borrow.
Greene Lieuts. Dardcn and Lane.
Bladen Lieut. Lvoo.
a
. Rndoph Lieut. Loudtrmilk. Vu.'mli j
ton Journal.
Clinomas's Bbigapf: Tna 51st Reoi
mi:nt. Sineo the 12th of My tbi gallant
North Carolina brigade has shared to .s -a
general engagements, viz: at S.rift Ctvvk,
May 12: Drcwry's Binff. Mav If): t-arn. i.'mv'
May 16; Bermuda Hundred, M iV 2'.; (,.:,
MJ f h Pce, dun- 1; iW.;.
In. . . .. . '
suffered heavily. Of the lare I.sM,f thrt
brigade mentioned in Gen. C inman's l?t i r
published in t'rr Ofccrvtr some fUys...a
full share has fallen to the 61st regin'evtfc .l.
Hooter McKrthan, ctmposed entirely oi com
panies froai this Hctmo: the 8;.Ve. " Twent
twoof its ofjjcrts Jiavc Ivcn k'.IIkd, wo-jrided
or captured. Of the enlisted men have
been kilhd. 225 wounded, aad 143 eaot;mI.
The galUnt fellows havo won a j.r u.d rt-ror 1,
but at hravy co.-tt in blood and suturing.
A letter fr.m Gen. Ciiogmao giej t i Col.
McKelban (wounded in tho face) and his fcrave
ifgirnent, and to Lieut. Col. W. S. Din ano
(also wounded) and a detachment ot the ilt,
the glory of the victory which saved IV:
burg on Friday Ut. :4But fr tliir v
and energetic action' On. Ciingiia'o .,iis,
4,Peter.sburg would have fallen. Two biigu-.i
gave way on our right, and but that ourbn
gade stootl firm and kept up the light Jo r.-nr
hours, alcne and unaided, againt what w; now
know to - have been two eutiw corps of the
yankee array, all would have been lost. The
brigade not only held its own lines, but drove
tbe enemy out of the vacant line on our right
apd kept them hack until 11 o'clock at night,
when they were re-ocenpiei by other tin p.
I know of no ueh fisiht during this war ui a Jo -by
any brigad.'' Fttv. Ob.
Lincoln's New Platform.
The first resolution demands the supprrs
sioa of the rebellion by ferce of arm. Tho
second declares agaiust any compromise with
armed rebels, except upon the condition pre
cedent of their uucooditional surrender. The
third insists that .slavery be utterly extirpated
from the soil of the United S'ate, c.tlis
for a constitutional amendment to th-u rd.
Ti?e fourth thanks ur soldiers and suitors At
their gal'ant and glorious service. The fifth
approves tho coure uirsu'd by L:nc hi,
including his emancipation pr Un.ati n,
enlistment of negro soldiers, tc. The fixh
calls for harmony in the councils of the nd '.i:i
istration, and approve those officials w h .-at-ntimen's
and conduct are in lull a.-coi I
vrith the valiant measures of tho dmioifra
tion. The seventh demands full protection to
the soldiers f the Union without regard to
color: The eighth declares in far.r of t.reigu
iOmigration. The ninth goes for a Pacific
railroad. The tenth pleges the national faith
for the redemption of the public debt. The
eleventh declares, f the maintenance of tho
Monroe doctrine.
The above platform for the govern nvr.t of
Lincoln was unanimously adopted by the
Baltimoro Gnivendon. There can ie n
compromipB with armed rebels unconditional
surrender is necessary to negotiation. Woo
in prepared for this? Are the so-called peace
raon of North Carolina prepared to advocatu
this doctrine of unconditional surremVr?to caT.
up-n oariroops to throw down their arms
and uorrshtinglj submit to the terms of this
platform? . Compromise oun le had on no
other terms. Slavery is to be utterly extir
pated. The rebellion is to bo Mippis'-d by
force of arms This is Lincoln pi ith-rm.
Fremont s is the same with one exception.
His platform calls for the confirm tio?i .f
Southern property after wo are sutotig red.
We will do him the justice to say thai he re
pudiate. this plank of his platferm.
These terms may suit Holdn an 1 his clan,
who go for the best teims thev can oet. but
they wil not suit the pople of North Caro
lina. Wadesbbro- Argus.
STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA.
Ashe County.
Superior Court of Law, Spring Term ISO 4.
John C. Plnmner 1
Original Attachment.
Ralph Iilcvim.
It appearing to the eatisfactien ofthe Court that
the dtleadant Ralph Blevina is not with. t
jurudiction of this Court : It is ordered that pah-
iiciiiuii oe mwc in me wecKir UOBje'ltratt to iix
weeks, coamsndinjr the laid defendant to be and
apprar at tbe next term of the Superi-r Court J
aw to be held for the county of Ash-, at the
Court Hoase ia Jefienon, oa the 4th Moartar after
the 4th Monday i- August ntat, then and there
to plead and replevy iu the taid caus-, oth-rwiw
tieal jareraeat will be rendered agiin.t him.
Witnena E. C. Bartlette Clerk of taid C art
at office the 4th Moadav after the 4th xbicdar ii
February, 1864. E. C. BARTLETE, C. ti. C.
JuDe29w6t'
TO THE CITIZENS, SOLDIERS AND RT
FUOEES Or PASQUOTAXE COUXTT.'
WE are authorized to aaaoaace GEO. W.
HIN'TOX, a candidate to , regreseat Pa
quotank county ia the next Heaie of Ceaaaom.
a le-M-atwAwf
TO THI T07KRS OF CBiTEN COCNTT.
FELLOW CITIZENS AND SOLDIERS: I
anuoaaee myself a eaadidate for r-electia
to the Keoate for the next Terra of oar Legisla
tare. Dariag the pait Term, I hate endearored
to 4ueharp mr duties faithfully, aad aceer"mg
to mj ability. I thank yo for the honor yea
have heretofore doue aie, aad hope to merit yoar
eoatiaaed confideaee aad au-rport.
Tour Obt 8evvt,
jaaeU HlHlto NATHAN WIHTFORD.
WAKE COTJlTTy.
THE SHERIFFALTY. We are authorized and
requested to announce W. H. HIGH, Esq., as
a candidate for re-eltetioa to the office of Sbtriff,
at the election ia AnguaL ju 17-tde-dAvr
BCOK AND JOB WORE
Veoilx WBunod a4
THIS OFFICII;