- . . 1 -. . . .
- - Y ' . "I , f vjfv. . " ,'
' '
1
"V..
fx:-
TUP. flOVJFEDERATE.
Ji-----V ; .
suspension ;orthe H forP8:
Ciwj. in certain eases, peo?? . JI b "rested
for the offices set toHfctaH'" beidemf
ed of the prtege of Ct' and will be brought
th. nlir (Xritnce9 of the
v r ' . - .
case. The action' of C-mgr"" . J -
BUtutional, a orfioiee
r5ESill li P'?y
.. I Jir. rhen in case
cfiaTa-ion thtV refre ,l
' It is M extraerCry inett, funded to pre
serve th. p-bbtafet, in mounts ct cnt.cal
danr. The lwdeBtlitfW doubt, en full
conultttion, 'iffll on. ecurate Information fur-,
nisUeJ 0 hif VarUos portions of the
CoofederacyAwome ednfface J of the necessity
ofthismeaauTjIe W.WitUd this in-.
formation tVe&Ves,iid recommended this
8pei.siou Couresa, iler delibera
tioo, has sadeftooed and ?TT0 his recom- s
mendatioiv-' -
The people af North Carolina are no doubt
indebted Jn great measure to the ConTentinn
as'itatioaln thl Stateforthis grave legislatiou.
That ag!tation'w5 fierce, rindictWe and dan
geroui "fit asfailed our owu GiTernmtnt with
fQrioudeirtiniAtion, and threatened a resist
ance ta its aofhority no iess than revolution
and it set about a preparation for an nnconsti-
tutronal and Insurrectionary .moveuient. . Con-
gress and tfbe President wonld have been nntrue
to the-country, if they had failed to meet tLia
emergency -with proper precaution for the
moremeit in North Carolina, had carried hope
and (jonndence to the enemy, as their speaker
and press have shown it had cast gloom and
despondency on our owa people, and had opcr-
ated most iJernicioosly in the army.
The'people of North. Carolina, looking at it
aright,- will be thankful that we are saved from
the threatened calamity. Indeed tfce agitators
themselves may well regard it as s boon of
.; 'nericy unless they compel otherwise. For,
( and we speak with some knowledge) if they
had attempted the execution of their, purpose,
iur soldiers ia the field would never have al
bwed its completion and if they had once
, -tarte to suppress it, the leaders would have
seen, a'retribotion fearful to contemplate.
The question now id' a to tle ulterior
ftep. The writ will certainly bo suspended.
What next T:'.
Will there be arrests ami trials for what is
' Jast? Of course uoone cah know the Prcs
. idijnt's intantion It is neither foreseen nor
IbreshaJoweil,' and will mit be confined, ex
cept to those who put it into execution. Hut
. xfe d- know thi : ' Strangely as the enemies
f the "President accuse him f an arbitrary
: nd despotic inclination, the evidence discloses
,1'itn as ' mast J forbearinj:-Trathcr shrinking
Irom the exercise of arbitrary power than
coveting it. Jlis. whole natnre is absorbed,
r.nd his whole soul engaged in the effort to
VTtst from the Jnvader the independence of
t'o natiou ; and bis highest pleasure would
'letobavea mitpd people, stragglinj; wirn
l.im b this great cif sc.
Out individual opinion i.-, that nnles's th
necesaty be cootiouml the " dul p;wt will
bury its dead."
But the agitation Mt'sT stop. There ii.ust
do more appeals for Convention openly
n by secret letiti.in. The movement bus
inspired distrust'ahd alarm anxiety aud aj-'-
whetoion--has already 11 toN violence aiid
diiorder, and is pregnaut with tnore. Mo;i
" mast cease to speak in private, and tl prca.s
eieto jmiiJish denusciatioiu; ot t!;e Gove'rn
- UMatwhicli induce th3 sddier to abaiidu
the caused It tbey, are ' false-btartcd enough
Jo syipatbizo with 'th foe, thef must luck
the sieae in the.moit hidden receascs of their
soul.' Folly nak loua enough had swav it
: oust descend and give place to better and
wiser seatiment and action.
The people of this comnmnity, in particu
lar, are greatly relieved. They have had a
' heavy burden to endure. An arrogant and
presumptuous organization has annoyed, per
plexed, and insulted the peaceably disposed
.to the very vtege of commotion. ,en l-vc
lch held hostages, a? it wure, under threaJen
ed violence, ; -
Cut let all this pass. Thelay never yet
was, when truth and justice needed to fear
langet from the lawless and ill-disposed.
i Let it all passf Only let us' have no more
f folly. If there must needs bo a political
partyiam, and a etrife fr oKce, let those who
( .gage in it conne it to themselves, ami s.'
onduct it that ri coumry be not jeopar
dized. 'V.. mm' : V. " '
V
"The Confederate thinks tie Pro'r is edited
. bfoutaiden. Thij u a wDtak."
Will the ostensible editor of he Progress
s ly, that be is the anthor of a certain editorial
article in his pjper of a few days since, in re
ply to an aole commut ation on the Habeas
j Corpus? Or, win be 8ay tbat'Ue Kditor .f
" ae Standard, or DocW anybotly, m
niatter who, even if be be cf Governor Vance's
y.taff has t0Q fuWshetl ediirrial matter
? for tb Progit,
of
this is a
lflista.Tre ' w lliink
- . ... "v-W-lIllj,
, - we e&n
yeu to Aur stisfactiqo. ' '
ve the facts
Jfoointry negro went dow-q to Petersburg
the other dv nA ' . .
-j",;iioiww vim6. carryma a
,te notes.
While there hefc
k who had
U Dgarforsale1wh
9 m r
a bargain.
ot his wife
;i bom he & La rf1
for a trade,
Hrenty doUaM
bag and all.
a to examine
U-and he had
V mnnil tu.
tr-
ngfoy sale(
C wt fir-,
Tbc Substitute q.;'cs:ion. t
3 loam from nno rf tV i l
J in the argument of this question before Chief
t Justice Pearson at Salisbury, that on Man
day Iat he-announced his decisen, which was:
that the Act of CnV readering the Prin
.rcipalf Substitntes liable7 to military dntT.
, wa a breach of contract between them and '
: ".e ..vernment. and vrds ilDcoDitrf .l
and v,,;.!. Hi attemioa whs then cahVto
, "k Ute yCt Btndir.g ihe wiit tf 7o6ox
0 u wh,vfc , o.,
j .Pm waa pcepared ; and he held that it did
1 "0t app U thPipaUof SuUtitutea.
. u e from members of Concrete that it
so intended. Decisions upon the main
point have beii made in Alabama and Geor
gia, differing from ibat of Judge Peaeson, and
we see from the Richmond papers that a case
w now j.ending before the Court of Appeals of
Viigiuia, and which will probably be decided
in a day or two. We learn further, that the
cai?e in which Judse Pearson r. ade bis deciion,
at bis 3U2j:estion will be removed to our
Supmne Court for hearing by that Coort, at
next June term ; and that in the meantime the
parties in a larjre number of other cases were
recognized to await and abide the decision in
the case carried up.
It it hoped that other Judges in the State
will adopt that course fur the present, as best
calculated to get a decision of the important
question by our Supieme Court, and thus
?etUe. any conflict of opinion and prevent
mnch mischief in the meantime The en
rolment is going on, and we hear that great
numbers are now sueing ont writs.. We are
not aware what course the Government will
fursuu under the habeas corpus act, which
seems to us to cover the cases' but we hope
that Q stop may be put, in some way, to the
sueing'out of more writs, thus putting par
ties to great-expense and creating excitement
at all events until the Government is inform
ed .of the decision and transfer of a case to the
Supreme Court, and it determines what course
it uill feel it to be its.duty to pursue.
We regreat very much tli.it this decision
ha.s been made. We think it will be decided
o? net wife in the other States ; and even should
il be reversed by the Supreme Court o! this
State, it will lvjatendel with delay and loss
of. men in the fieli, wherj-vcry man need
ed ; unless tue Government shmiid construe
tb Il.ibeis Corpus act us we d and deter
mine to execute it. .
Funding of Confederate Notes.
The Secretary of the Treasury has issued
an important Circular to holders of Confed
erate Ntes, advising them to bond them as
speedily as possible. ly reading the isew
Currency law, it will be t-een that the impor
tant feature f the certificates for notes brou "lit
iupric rto 1st of April, is that they reVeceiv
aole f'r taxes fo. their their full amount, aud
not subject 'to tax imposed on other bonds.
The immediate tllect of this law will be
th 't the price of everything will udvar.ee 33
per cent, until ihe lij of April, and also af
terwards where payment is lo ba made in the
present treasury notes.. It will, therefore, hi
the i.itcresi of every person to cirry iiis n.;rs
iti for certificates before the 1st of April, ;in 1
tlms secure the full amount )f his rnonvv t '
p-iv l.i taxes witli for the year 18'J4; an.l mi
thr . taxs fur 18C3 have been paid, tbey
v.'id f jruis-h data by which ench man can es
timate bis tax-s for the present year. l:r
sor s ltie.i; tlie prpsur.t treasury iiijt-s n ft r
tlic Ifdot" Apr'd. will b(5 comp-HeAo submit
t i (iiueouM' to tiit? exteijt of 33 per cent.
as that will bo the rate which they will hmr
tithtt w currency. Ampje notice is given
to 11. Xnt there are may persons w!io w lit
bold no to those notes, hoping to use trem iiud
ari'id the discount b:t tliey wjii find out
their miaitke when the 1st of Apiil has parsed.
Lst all act promptly,' and not wVit for the
rush that will be made al the Treasury to-.vnrds-the
end V ilarch.
Uur inference is this : !Erery one should es
timate .the araouut of his taxes for the vear,
and fund a4 on.ee at l?ast enough to meet them.
And all purchasers, who cau, ought to' keep out
of the market just now The coming lui ind
for. money, and its consequent increasing vtlue,
will kill the . present pinic in twj or hree
weeks, i will descend. ' To tiio--.- vho
desire to get high prices, the present '"the
opportanity. Men will regain their comp 'snra
in a short time, and then they will see thv r jily
of those who are now thr-owing :iwy ii eir
money in their anxiety to get rid of it.
One word us t- ir future circulation.
'Some are sippoig 'but the new law gives un
limited porver i ui ke new enii.sion, and mu.
ticipate. thertfare, that .thf coming depletion
will be followed by 4 redundancy ftml tj the
present. This is art error. Section oth pro
hibits the issurt of new notes except to two
thirds of the amount of the oid notes taken iu,
whether by funding or exchange. The highest
limit, therefore, to which the currency cau
hereafter attsin is two-thirds of its present
magnitude. The means for carrying on the,
Goveranie'nt, if the taxes proe insufficient, are
to be obtained by the sale of bonds (see secticjis
C and t) and by certificates of indebtedness,
(see sectiou 14.)
The Progress. Tins piratical craft, tail
ing under -the false color of n-Tilrality bur
all thetinje bearing the blai-k tiag if se iirion
and tr-tson, has hauled down the sktiV and
crosH bones which floated from its mast head,
and it iiis uufmle.1 tiie wliire llig of peaco
THd i.-t'.iocence. A short time since, the far
famed Vi5nJ. "The Pirate of the Gulf,'
never walked a deck with more mercilessoe
than did the commander of the Progress. No
j pot vacant knight ever boasted more bluster
iiigly tiiau ,he, of "blood llowmg down our
tmtsr of hanging mn up to litmp posts.
Cuw, vs- is uartnlessness itself whimpere
like a whipped school boy, and bega for quar
ters. Well, circumstances do alter coses wod-
drously', someUmes.
It is A remarkable fact that the bitterest op-
Ca Van, nnur im in Ka full nd
J amoothose who helped to elect him ; and the
Presldent Saris3 Address to his Army.
The address of President. Davis to tne ar
mies of the Confederate State, has reached the
United States. The Wcrld publishes the ad
dress. Its comments may be fuund in anoth
er column. '
The New York World is, unquestionably
and by all dds, says the Richmond Enquirer,
the ablest conducted newspaper in the United
.States. It is decided iu its opposition to Lin- ,
coin, out violentin its hatred of the Confederate
States. It sees no patriotism in frbe re-enlistment
of the Confederate soldiers, and will not
understand the unselfish devotion that has
marked the conduct of our gallant defenders.
The World attributes the re-enlistment to
"force." It assumes that " diatisfaction
exists," because tho President is at "eloquent
pairis' to express the gratitude of tbc country
for this unparalleled mani festation of patrio- '
tism on the soldiers WThen the World reads
and understands the recent laws passed by
the Confederate Congress,. perhaps it may at
tribute that legislation to force by the ssrvants
of the people upon their masters. , A 'people
and army that submits .to be "forced" into
such sacrifices must be in earnest ;and nations
of the world will understand, if our enemies
will not, that the people of the Confederate
States will hesitate at no sacrifice of men, or
m'oney, or institutions that this war may mako
necessary to secure their independence! of the
United States The World says the pay of
the soldiers "is worthless." The Congress of
the Con federateStates admits the fact, and hns
legislated the pay out of existence and taken
steps to make it valuable. The people of the
Confederate States have demanded such taxa
tion as no other people over sustained, and
the Congress ha 3 passed tax bills that fully
meet the emergency. The' taxes of 18G3 and
1864 will reach eight hundred millions of
dollars, and will he promptly paid.
The Yaukee papers are boasting of their
national debt, that it reaches twenty-live
huudred millions, and, before the 'var ends,
will amount to four thousand millions of dot
lars. The Confederate Slates can make no
such boast?; but they can present an earnest
e:Trt to pay what they owe that will mo.-t
favorably contrast with the spirit, purpose
and object of toe two people. Our currency
had become so redundant that it was almost
worthless, but the funding act will restore tKe
currency. The laws just passed by Congress
attest the purpose aad determination of the
people. The enemy mapr misrepresent theni as
the last efforts of " despotism, " but'aB long as
the " lyrant" Davis is sustained by such evi
dence of popular spirit aud purpose, he will
be regarded as the best supported despot the
world has i4vler seen. ,
If tiie Worid cannot understand or com ore
bend the motives of the re enlistments, there
is one fact which it has the candor to admit',
aud that is, that President Davis, by hook
or by crook," has got the men that will ' fig t
like devils" under his officers. And this is ihe
fact of. greatest importance. ThK World calfs
the attention of the United States authorities
to this great fact, and ve hope a: l'expect Mr.
D-tvis and Lis oEitvrs iomak.: this fact still
more apr-nt to the enemy by Mich use. of
t ieVien rs sliaii speedily teach our foes the
foliy of coitfinutng a war which is supported
by Mich evidences of unyielding detcruiina&oii
ou th-i part of our people.
We never expected the. World to do jas
ticj lo tt.e patriotism cf its eneioiws, tut wo
d'.d ij-t fcupposy that it would stultify itsel
by sach remark :is th cypted by us to
:.ty. It may "mislead and deceive its peo
p!e about the 'patriotism anu al of ir.
own pensioned sohliu.y ; but to assert fnat
our money is wort'ilts. that ottr soldiers
are deserting, that ihe " reliellion " is on the
v.no, au I yet admit the Uri that Pit sklent
Davis has secured for tne war "the veteran
soldiers of the armies of the Confederate
States, arc inconsistencies that w'iii not long
deceive its tvaders.
It is by M.trh acts, not promises, that our
enemy will Jern that its Work of conquest
and .-ubjugatiou has soareely begun ; -that
i ur people have a last brought all their enfr
j;i s to the service of the country, and t:at no
hie of surrender o; submission is or ran
ever be entertained by the people of theC!i
luderatu S-ato.
The people of Morth Carolina have caue of
congratulation tit the pernicious agitaliu
whie.h has so damaged the good name of the
istate which has given such satisfaction to
thenemy, and such distress to the good and
loyal of our citizens which has stimulated
d-serrion and brought ignominious death up-
f'u unhappy ofl'jiidtrs is crushed itswicK
e.l progress 'as been ciieked its leaders are
recoiling Ujfore the force of piiblie. opinion
at: 1 a wholesome and stern I?gislation, to be
enforced, if it bjciV'ies necessary, with inexor
able determination and the whole covey are
scattered. Only uow .and then a ljne cock
piirtridgt? whistles for his companions .that
tharp, keen call ot loneliness 'and isol ition.
Such, for example, is the late communication
of Mr. K P. D. k. It is not worth while to dis-.
cuss this'productiou it savors of a mind dis
tempered with political fancies full of mis
chievous folliesim possibilities and impracti
cabilities. If Mr. Dick were to respond to
the enthusiastic summons of the army. go to
the field and fight he might efface the cruel
wrong he has dime to his own fair fame.
And if he only could take' I). V. Caldwell,
Esquire, along with him. Guilford would miss
them but it would be to Jier. advantage, and
the State would be benefitted by their services
in a sphere where they could both &h more
useful than in any labor of agitation. By no
means, however, Jet him take " our old class
mate. -We need him for culinary purposes;
and not until we have given hira our " receipts''.
in full, could we possibly spare the association
of " our esteeemed old friend." When we see
the agitators seizing with, tenacious grasp
yte skirts of Sir. Dick, and hear the death
gurgle rattling jn its throat, it brings to our
mind the way of the transgressor in its dost
rugged shape. Atlas supported j,hp world : .
We deemedit a duty -which, as a journalist,
we owed to the pub'ic, to give to the "Raleigh
Progress" its proper political status. . This
we have done in three numbers of the Con
federate preceding its last issue. The arti
cles were prepared before we left Raleigh, and
as we have been absent for some few days,
we bad not had an opportunity to see the ar
ticle in the Progress of the 23d.
In -hat paper, the Progress denies that it
has made any allusion intended for us. It
states that it edits its own articles, And would
not allow us to be assaulted iu an' editorial
from another pen under cover of its.responf
sibility. We are bound, in common courtesy,
to accept these statements of the Progress for
truth ; but it will admit, we think, that the
following items afforded to us some room for
the contrary conjecture :
1st, In the campaign for Congress last fall,
we endeavored to cheer the hopes of the poo
pie, with the expressiouof our belief, that our
affairs in Europe were not unfavorable. We
expressed the belief that the case of the Al
exandra, when it came to be tried io the
Exchequer Court, would be decided favorably
that the foreign enlistment act was obnox
ious to powerful interests in Engand, and
wi'um not oe Birengiueueu oy rruuiciii.
We also gave in account ot the irou vessels
building in France, and expressed -the 'opin
ion that these would not te detained when
u I i .1 l i.
completed; and that through the Mexican
intervention, 'France woald be brought to
recognize our Government. And we gave to
the. people the reasons for our belief.' The
Progress, then professing tp be a neutral 'pa
per, at once took up our position. We say our,
for it took our topic it quoted our language
mentioned dates, as Re bad, and was not
content in moderate or respectful tone to dif
fer from our facts or conclusions, but chose
t. express its difference iu 'temper as vulgar,
and matter as stupid as was the habit of our
then competitor.
Lately, we had occasion in one or more
is-sues to copy an article from the New. York
Tribuue, from its Newbern correspondent,
and another from tho correspondent of the
Boston Traveller, in both of which Governor
Vance was metitioned : and sentiments were
attributed to him favorable to are-union with
the Federal Government. In commenting on
thec -articles, we took care to shield Governor
Vance from these' misrepresentations. In the
one case, we said " We believo tbey do him
injustice in endeavoring to produce the im
pression that be sympathizes in the nefarious
moveuient to take the affairs of the State
into her own hands." Iu the other, we said
" Gov. Vance is tljiis misrepresented by
being tied on to ihe agi titers by their reSo
hitions."
Immediateiy thereafter, and before these
articles had been copied into other papers, to
wi: on the 8th of February (our articles
haviug been on the- 6th,) the Progress
quotes tho same article from the Travel
ler," and uses this-language : ".The above
4
is wholly and entirely false; and those
who copy it, for the purpose of misiepresent
inlGovenior Vance, know it ;is well as we
do." If this article did at'.ude to ik, there
was e sly, as it was mean, Usmpt to pro-iiuce-the
impression that wo quoted the article
to misplace the Governor when our r.ccusa
tior w-as distinctly made, tbe parties named,
and the Governor not only exonerated but
!. defended by us. We took th'i :diuiot'i as for
us. We did not think-'the article was written
by thu editor iiorarowe sure yet, but by
some as.isiii of t:ie p-m, wi, ensconced
behind his port y back, plied his .stiitto um
Kvn. The Progress will 'thus' set,., that "we
weie not without reason for our sioiiise .that,
a " sideway" allusion had been inmie to us.
Iu partiog from the subject, we have ho re
gret to express for oir expose of the political
ourse o! the "Progress. It was a public duty;
because both the manner aud matttr (if that
paper were injurious to tho public interest.
Howev r harmless it might be iu tirna of peaee,
war, such as' we have, adds toils capacity for
evil. Yet again, to-day, we have a very late
s
number of Joy's paper The Newb?ru
"Times," (Yankee) of February "Gth. li'.'led as
usnal with the editorials of the Progress the
last sentence of ( ne of which is " Tiiis State
nevjf will willingly submit to a despotism
with Jefi'crsoti Davis qr any one else at its
hed." ,
To furnish food for the abuse of our Gov
ernment, thus week by week, to a Yiinkeo
editor w) is among the' number of those
wretched caitilfs wh are rioting in our homes,
desr.raing the firesides of bouored and up
right families who are now refugees without a
home we say' 'bus to make printed matte.
for this Yauk sheet, ought to bring the
Progress to reflection to take care to write
nothing more which Mr. Joy may liud useful
for quotation.
The Mail Troubles. Mr P, McGowau
assures us that none of the Raleigh Pa pes
were j sent down the Raleigh and Gaston
Road on Thursday last, in any .of the distribu
tion bags sent from the Raleigh Post office on
that day. If any were ou the cars, they wJre
io brass lock bags, to. which he had no access,
and with which he had . no right to interfere.
"So remarkable was the circumstance, that
he called the Superintendent of the Road,
the Conductor and the Express Agent into ,
the Mail cat , so as to have witnesses to the fact.
Mr. Dunn, the Superintendant of the Road has
called on us and fully corroborates Mr. Mc
Gowan's statement. This, then, reduceslbe
controversy as to who is to blame, to the Poat
Office here and Mr. McGowan. We have
no feeling in the matter and no personal ends
to serve much less do we wish to involve the
innocent. We only wish" justice done us in
delivering the Confederate to its subscribers
regularly; and we are determined to keep
hammerring away until the mismanagement
is corrected for there is gross mismanagement
or something worse, somewhere.
We hare not received the Greensboro' Pa-
Suspensions.
Three im nor taut suspensions have lately
taken place. The sad and ignominious sus-
. - . . ... -
pension of "the unhappy criminals wno wo
hanged at Kinston for desertion to the en-
my the. suspension of the privilege of the
writ of habeas corpus- the suspension or tne
Standard. There "is more-of similarity and
of ass.1ation between the several suspensions
than a?first glance meets the eye. Will there
be any more suspensions ? JVbu verrens.
hi the meantime we pass the Standard into
that retreat it has voluntarily sought. Itvas
capabFe of great good,and has done much harin.
. - m " .
Many surmises are being made as to tne cause
of its suspension. Some think it another
explanation of the "ifs," in startling capital
letters. Others regard it as an abdication.
Ot hers say it means exile. We have not given
it much thought ; but our opinion -is, that all
hands at the Standard office have determined
to join the army, and the press ha Ibeen bus
pended as an invitation to Col. Mai lei .t to walk
in and take possession. In this aspect it is a
public good ; fir what loss society 'will sus
tain of vnJuible reading, will be maile up to
it in more valuable action. '
If this- should be the case and we. can't
see it in any other light wo shall not be able
to hold ourselves in. It wouid be, with one
or two additions, the very squad e would
desire. We ache to take command.
And this the course
On which e wish to breathe our horsn.
War Ifcwr.
But the other day, we noticed tho advance
of the enemy into Florida in heavy force, and
his movement towards "Lake City.' This
seemed to be a part of Lincoln!' sciieme to
obtain State Governments out of which to'
manufacture electoral votes for the next elec
tion. Gen. Fir.negan does uot seem to have
entered into the arrangement.. At first we
heard that-he had met the enemy andfepulsed
him. Yesterday we were enabled-to publish
bis official dispatch announcing a severe en
gagement with a force of superior numbers,
resulting in the decisive success of our arms.
We held the battle field, together with the.
wounded of the foo prisoners were influxing,
and trophies of artillery and small arms gave
token of our advantage. Oar cavalry were
still in pursuit. We hope Gen. Finnegau's
dragoons were mounted on thorougb-breds
common horse3 are not of sufficient speed or
bottom to catch veteran Yankees. Discipline
and experience have made them, fleet of foot.
We chronicle this, new victory as a solace
for fhe woe-begoue ; the strengthening ot the
weak, and a. an additional , cheer for the pat
riotThe tolling ball accumulates proportions.
" Friends Romans Countrymen I Givo
'us your ears. We come to bury Caesar not
" to abuse hirn. The good men do. give credit
' for. Let the evil be interred with their
"bones. So let it be with Cajsar."
This is not exi5. as a quotation from Shak"
pearg, but it w;is as near as wo could make it,
seeiug thero was a diflerencn be.tweeu the
Caiiars.
Corse's Brigade.
Vie are very glad to see that a corrt-epoudent
from "Camp C6rse's Brigade," near Oolds
boro', communicates through the Richmond
Sentinel the part borne by that Brigade in the
affair near Newbern. We were quite aware of
all that is now stated by the writer, when we
wrote our account; and tne otnissi n on our
part was .intentional. It was a " tit for tat,
wed ue.-erved by the troops of Virginia for the
oft repeated injustice done by the press nnd
in correspondents of thai State, to the soldiers
mr
of North Carolina, c have .known, in many
instances, in the, report of battles in which wo
ft ere present, that the. presence of North Caro
lina was wholly ignored, though her number
made the majority of our force engaged though
her wounded aud dead out numbered ll the
rest: and iu those, cases, the command to
which "Corse's Brigide" was attached always
shared iu u proportion as large of the glory of
achievements as it was witLheld from others.
. Now we are not soiry to see that the evil is felt.
Nevertheless U?t Jf not be supposed that we de
e'jr s to perpetuate this feeling. JVe have known of
Gi :. Uore siuce the Friday tbefore the firs
battle of Manassas. Both he. hi9 old Regiment,
and his Brigade, have a name in the war as
familiar as household words. Indeed, intend
ing as we did to .take the first opportunity of
making some Virginia command feel the force
of such s-liglits, we are rather glad that the lot
fell to this veteran Brigade, us we. do not know
another in the army that cpuld any better
nfford to lose the glory of oueeld, seeing thut
it lias so mauy others on which to fall back.
. The Cureekcy. By the Communication in
another column from the pen of an able finan
cier and oue whose position renders him
thbi ohgbly familiur and accurate cn the subject, '
it will U; seen we committed some inaccuracies
in our. article of yesterday on the subject, both
iu regard to the amount of currency iu circula
tion, anj as to the amonnt that will be with
diawn. It presents the matter in a very plain
way before the reader, and should relieve the
minds of thiJse irightened dealers who have
closed business and refuse to sell for Confeder
ate money; . '
In this connection, we learn from the Rich
moud Examiner, that there is already manifest
iu the business of Richmond a cheering pros
pect of the probable operations of the new'
currency bill. It is understood that the banks
of Ptickmond have agreed to - invest in the new
four per cents,- to the extent of five or six mil
lions. Between the present time and the 1st of
April tax-payers will be under the necessity of
investing in these bonds to the extent of three'
hundred millions of dollars We taay add to
this a very considerable amount on account of
voluntary funding, as these bonds at par offer,
perhaps, the best paper investment in the Con-,
federacy, which the banks already show signs
of appreciating.
The Movements of the Enemy in the
South. The expedition Mnder the Yankee
General Sherman, which was evideatly de
signed for a land demonstration against Mo
bile, seems to ba.ve come to a stand still in the
Seeond If. C. State Troops.
We are iujebted to Major Foofe, Assistant
Adgjutant General in charge of the Roll of
Honor " department; for the following inter
esting historical account of the' second Regi
ment Torth Carolina State troors:
Hijad Quarters 2d Regiment,
N. C. State Tk ops; A. N Va.,-
. February 2d, 1864.
Captain : In obedience to your requfst,
I have the honor to submit the following brief
sketch of ihe 2d regiment of Nonh Carolina
State Troops : ' -
Soon after the prvage of the act authorizing
the formation of twf regiments'of Volunteers
for the war for State deleuce. Governor Ellis
appointed Col. Charles C. Tew, Principal of
of the Hillsuor Militajy Academy, ixtorei
of the 2d regiment. His reputation as a skillful
tactician, and the satisfaction which his man
agement atFort Macon, soon after ibe secession
of the State, had given, rendered him very
popular as a commander, and as sion as it was
ascertained, that he was to take charge of the
regiment, a sufficient numbtr of companies
tciidered their services to 611 its ranks, and
were ordered to rendezvous :it Garysbory, N.
6., when they were organized aud mustered
into the service early In June 181, by Wni;
P, Bynumof Liucom couuty, who was ap
pointed Lieut. Colonel'. The field organization
was completed by the appointment of Wm.
R. Cox of Wake couuty, Mnjor, aud N. Colhn
Hughes of Newbern was appointed Adjutant.
Owing to the detentioivof Col. Tew upon our
coast defence, the regiment wa not very
promptly appointed, aud therefore, when au
order was received on the lih of July, from
the Adjutant General of the State, to proceed
to ' Virginia, only four companies under Lt.
Col. Bynum, were ent forward. Capt. Alsey
J. Taylor's company from. Nash county,-Dot
being sufficieutry advanced in drill to enter
ujKin an active campaign, (which it was theu
conjectured we would haver b withdrew it
from the 2d, and united it with the 7ih, which
was theu in process of being formed. In a
few days, however, the remainoer of the regi
ment proceeded to Richmond, and leportcd to
Brig. Gen. Winder on the 19th, but.much to
our regret arrived tco late to be present and
participate in the first, battle of Manassas,
which was. the more regtettoo, as we were
believed to Da the first regiment cnliste'd for
the war in the Confederacy, that completed
its organization. .While encamped at Garys
burg, measles and mumps prevailed generally
among the troops, and upon arriving ut Rich
mond they were exposed for over twenty-four
hours to a cold and drenching rain storm,
which in its subsequent effects, proved nioro
disastrous than an ordinary battle. Ou tho
22d of Jiily we were ordered to proceed' to
Fredericksburg, Virginia, near which place we
remained in tamp until the 2Sd of August,
wheu we were moved to the Potomac riyer,
to guard the fortifications uear the mouth of
Potomac creek, and protect 'the citizens of
King George county, from marauding parties,
that occasionally hdiideil from th' enemy's
gunboats. Hero we were brigaded with the 1st v
ai d 3d xsoi.th Carolina State troops, otbh
Virginia aud 31 Arkasa,s regiments, aud were
under the command of Brigadier General
Holmes, CaptS. D. Pool's company from
Carteret county, was detached at this place.
Being composed chiefly of lishernieu and pilots,
it was urged that their information would-be
iuval liable on the coa.t, audit wm transferred
to Fort Macon. But the Jcgimint was soon
filled by the artival of two" fine companies ;
ne from Wayne county, uuder the command
of Captain G. 1. Roberts, aiid the other from
Guilford county, under Cipt. John II. More
head. The regiment while at this place was
employed in strengthening the p '.v.t'mn by field
works, and on active picket duty. Brig. Gen.
Hoin.es I aving been promoted, G1. J. G.
Walker was placed in e.ommai.d o1 thebrign-;e
and vi;s fcoun alio promoted to a Brigadier
Gi'ncralshtp. Upon uur aimy falling back
from Manassas, the regiment, together with
the brigade was transferred to Wayne county.
North Carolina, to meet a th ratened advance
of the enemy fiotn the direction of Newbern.
On the 30th of April, I bbi after all appre
hensions of offensive operations by tho enemy
in that section w.re aliaxcd, wc were .ordcit-d
to report to Brigadier General Frenph ut
Wilmington, and wete assigned to duty at
Confederate Point to protect the fortifications
al New lu'.et.
The enemy having concentrated his forces,
t:: - cr McCiclian, around Richmond, we were
or HTtd to proceed t" that place, where we
iti lived on l 17th of June and were assigned
t-thc Brigade of Brig. Gen. Gai land, D. II.
Hill's Division." We were soou placed on pick
et near the W illiamsburg road mid . had a
sevtre bkii inihh, in which our loss was quite
serious. To accommodate Regimental coin
n.anders we were now transferred to Brig.
Get. Geo. B. A.iierson's Brigatie. Soon cmie
n.e'nced tbut brilliant series of ei gagemeets
in front of the Confederate' Capita), iid the
regiment took part iu tho battles ot Meelun
icsville, Cold Harbor and Milvt ru Hill, io
which' wu lost about cue bund-rd and titty
men killed and wounded, and aim ng the
nubibcr were some of our inor-t protni.-ing
line clthx-rs. Ou the 10th of AugUbt the
rcgimeut iicctimpamed our ic;oiims urmy
into Maryland, and look part iu tiie battles of
B toi.fcboio' and Sharpsburg. At the latter
pUee, while reconnuitrein the position ot the
eiiemy,the gallant Colore i Ttw led, lanientvd
by ul with m horn lie had in com intimately
Hs-ciated io this cruel war. He ws a toldier
of Vi.i-iedtattairiineuts, an ntcouipiisbed geu-
j.tleinan and a waimuud generous frieftd, and
for the .sacrifices wliiil he' vo-.untanly juade
for our catif-e, and fr the service bo rendered
tLe State, both betoie and, during the War,
his name should occupy a brignt paga upon
the "iwilof U'"r." After the fall ol Coloi el
Tcw Lt. Coloucl and Maj ir beiiig on
sick Jeave) the .cotomand devolved UJmju tjie
gallant-Captain Howard f Wibou, who coon
Jell inoitaiiy wounded. Dum g this cum
paign the regimc-ut was i educed by its losae
to about o: bundled and fifty anus-bearu g
men, but, upon recrossing the Putim-.'c v:
went into camp at Buiket Hill, and u
boon recruited by the uriival of cnscrtpti r
about 300 men. During this campaign we
were assigned to the corps of that model soldier
and venerated hero, Lt. Geu. Jacksou.aud
followed bis victorious standard until his
universally lamented death. Lt. Col. Bynum
was promoted to the Colonelcy taade vacant
by the death ol Col. Tw, and Rrig. Guii.
Anderson haviug diul of the . wbuudn
received al Sharpsburg, Brigadier General
S. D. Ranifcur was as.-igned to tha command
of the Brigade; but being dit-abled bypa Wouud
received al Malvern Hili, did not tke formal
command until March liJoS The enemy
having concentrated bis forces under Burnsiiie
opposite Frederickr.burg, we leit the VadeyJ
ol Virginia ou the IoUj of ioveuib-r 1S(J",
and leached Port Royal on -the JUppabui
bock ou tiie 2'Jth. December 12th we marched
to Fredericksbin aud look part in4be battle
of the enduing day, and encamped near tbttt
city during the remainder of the winter. Col.
By n urn's bialth becoming impaired in' the
service, aud haviug been elected Solicitor for
the 7th circuit, he resigned bis commission 'as
Colonel in March 1863, and' I was promoted
to fill the vacancy. Having wituei-sed his
coolness aimdjh- '
regiment's lost here tras very severe. Out of the
8C3 muskets carried into the eng.vrpm(.rjt .ur
killed numbered '53 wounded 171, mining
40 W e moved wuh Ewell's corps to the
alley in June, an.l issisfed in dishgi, ,.0
erfemy from Irry ville nd Martinsburg ; aniv-
edtnCarbsle,PennsyIvnnia,JUne27th,andirere
soon after engaged in the battle of Getiysbur
returner to .rcmia.and wereeneamped n the
18G3 Crossed the river in 0( tbrr, and pur
sued -Uebest army the world ,J "
Us fortthcattons at Centerville, then retnrnej
and camped on the south side of the Rappa
bannock. ' "
Since October we have been engaged with
he enejny, and have sustained a evere hW
but an account of that action wlf, more
mc ut baab engaged in skirmishes, in which
it has lost men both from .the fire of ?r5 lery
andmu?kttry; but as my object is t"d irJZ
Shfchhi6?17 t0 W action in
to nrein l" brne V Pt and UOt
to present even a -seeming eulogium, I do
nt deem it important to eHumetat them T
regret, however, that the hrfcfnew of this
sketch, preclndos from referring personally
b,manymentonous and gallant line officer,
and privates, who have offered up their live
in this unrelenting harvest of death, and who a .
conspicuous and noble daring merits estJcial
commendation-but that dufy m S S bTdL
chareed by the Omi.pany commanders.
. J heRegiment has often been complimented
in common with other troops in this army, for
its firmness and gallantry on the field, vrt,
our thmned ranks speak more eloquent than
words of wl,at we have suffered iJud endure?!.
But the same snint that controlled our action
n i the begtnnmgof this struggle, still animates
S!l 6 re M J1". lhe nd know th it
there is no retreat but in 'slavery and in
chains." and are iew.lvl i.. w
- - ii t uuwu our
arms only, when the last armed foe erases to
molest the firesides of the Old North State
I am. Captain,
Very Respectfully,
Your ob't servant,
WM. R. COX, Cor.
5? n I;tHMl't PU"talion. Warren County.
THONt . He is about 42 years of ge, Mack com
plxion, has grwd teeth, ia badlyuptured and
wears a truga He fa about 6 feet, 6 J,r 7 incbea
high, ia well set and atrong lookiDg and has a
pleaamg countenanro whoa apoten to. He haa a
ww at Mr. Jnph TowiiV, near Townesrtll., ..
C, where he will likely be found, or he wav tri
to get to the "V ankee line?, on be ha a .rood deal
71DetrT Wiih 1 wil.1 piTe thn "b" rewrd
of.(rne Hundred Pollara for the d lirerr of the
said negro tome, or his apprchonion and con-
tmement in any jail so I can get him again.
Wariyn Co., N. C, Feb. IT, l6.-21jjtf
FaJitt,iye J?n.Par 13 JSOI-Waiitcd"-A
'QT who ia fully competent to teach mui-ic
on rhe Piano and the English liranohea. to take
charge of a small achool in a family near Favette
ville. Address, BOX 202
jan 18-w3t JH tt teT jfef "j," '0.
Lost Certlflcatf cf Stocir....The untiTr.
.gned hfl8 loat the following Certificale, No.
1424 lor $500. lasucd to T. N. Cooper, Haleicb.
dated July 29th 16B3. and aligned over to ?,n
Martin. . -.very percon ia forbidden to purcba
the same, aa application will be nmdo for i' renew
aL. - . SAM'b MAIiTlN.
i7"r Salem. S. C.
.North i arolina, ) c.un of Lmty, Fail
Wabrrn Coc.tt. ) Term, ?G3.
Marion Sanders and Karnh V. I: . :r.. v rn
ureea and Lucy . lii wile, Jmhn 11. Murtdiy a
Caroline M. hi wife, Thouiaa V. Alsluu. Willi
. - ... ...iv. ...
and
ma
r.
Bnjnmtn A. Iarender, Wm. Teel and Florence
his wile, Iienj. At Lavender. Jr., Kliza Ann Hod
di, Joel Lupton and Jatnca White.
In this cae it is ordered that publication be
made in a newspaper published in tho citv of
Raleigh, N. C'n to the non-i-efident defendant ,
to i wit: Eliza Ann Iioddie, Joel Lupton and James
White, for tii.x wekn, potifving th mm of th tiling
of this bill, nd that unlesa'thcv apearat Jlie next
term of this C urt, to be held at the Court Iloiue
in Warref.on, on the third Moidar attr the
fourth Monday of March, A. 1). lM)4. and plead,
answer or demur thereto, th(eain will bo takea
as eonlessed. aad heard ej-partt as tu thvin,
Witnees", Charles M. C....k, Clerk and Mlarof
arid Court, at otlice in Warrento, Hie ihii-d 5tia- ,
diy after the fourth Monday ol September,- lS;3.
C. .M. COOK, C. .M. i:.
If sued '13th d.iv of February, Jh,4. .VCw.
Xortll Carolina. ) Superior Court of Law
Waurem Coi'ntt. f Fall Term. U'C3.
John V. Cawthorn, Fzecutor of Ib-urv Cawthuru.
ri. .
David Dowden Original attachment levb-d n
Land
In this rate it is ordered that publication h
;iude in a newspaper publiihed in tin: citv of
Kah-ih, for fix we kf, utrtilying tbf iefeiilAtjt,
that uulepn he appear within "the ti:ie prf '?ib-d
by lnv, and replevies and plead, judgment bv de
fault will be entered apkitift him, and the land
levied oi will b c:indeKiued to satisfy iIk plaintiffs
recovery.
Watneks, Rcnjuuiin C. CMk, Clerk of saTd Couit
at nlhce'in Warit ntou, the third Monday after thw
fourth Monday of September. 1HC3.
HK.NJ. H. COOK, C. S. C.
Issued 13th day of February, 1604. 5-6w.
Curi or Kqtifry ror Wake County, )
StMU.XW ThKM, lM4. i
Oeen Hih
r.
The Heirs of Hudson High,ec'd, and vthera
Petition for sale of land :
It ppf arin that the dafendsnta in thi caue,
to win LeonidMa IIiRb, and Martha, his at,
nd her hu!n . (if )ie bo marrio-Ij j-e ucti-ri i
dentti of th MHie, adr-rtii-eiuint is hereby icadn
lor said defv-tdan's to apptar at the next Vim .f
aid Court, u the First Monday afier the f.trth
Mcod.iy of March hl, at the rounbouoe in b'ul
eiKh, to plcal, ,niiwer r dfo,ur to tho rlainuffa
petition.
Witness, lt. 1. Jwif, Clerk and Master in L'qal.
t.v for Wake couuty, at office in ah-igb. this 17ii
day of February, Arf). 1864, and ia lb yea of
American Independence the 88th.
"-wCt R. G. LEWIS, C. W. V..
Nollre. The Mubsrtlbfr halng nt Fib.
ruary term 1SG4, of Wake C. C, be n dulr
ppoiaud and qualified as 1(1 minis trator f Sauiu-' I
I). Morgan, deceased, hereby gives imtice to a!l
pons to present their accounts, debts, claims
and demands of every kind against hi raid intra
tate, to him for payment, duly uthenticat.! w ithin
ih. time prei-cubed by l.iw," otherw ise this notice
nill be plead in bar oi their recoTcry.
Notice is also given, that as AdministraUr afore
ssid.ie will on the tth day of March next, at the
late dwelling h use of bis said intestate, Samur I
I). Morgan, deceased, in' the county of Wake, ffr
for sale, horses, inuhs, catrle, hogs", sbeep.fat minr
utctsi! ; a large quantity of manufactured t.cc
in boxes, and leaf tobacco, co'ton in bales, bou
hold snd kitchen furuiiorc, aad other articles, on
acreditof twelve mouths ; o.d with approved
sureties will be required of th purchasers Said
sale will be continued from dav to riav until all is
oid. At th? same thne and place, 1 shall offer for .
hire a large number of negro slaves of bv said in
Uftateuiitil le 25th day ol December belt ; bund
with approved sureties w ill be required of the
hirers WILLIAM LAWS, A.tm'r.
Febryry 15. 1SG4. 4-2w.'
Statu or South cakomxa,
Wakhk.v Ccrr, j
.QOUltT OF EQUITY
"Mill Harrison Hawkins, an infant under the
g of tweisay-ooe years, by James A. Egerton, his
fuardian and next friend, Charles M. .Cook aiid
Jwhn lvMillr, executors of the lat will and l'v
Ument of Winifred W. Hawkins, deceased, and
Jane 11. Miller,
Ajait
Benjamin E. Cookj executor of John IT. Hawkins,
deceased, John IL tleming, Jace Wa'ker, (for
meily Omeary,) llenjamia E. Cook atd Sallvll
Ohok, his wife, John 11. Kimball, of the Slate of.
Tennessee, Fanav U. Kimball, of the aaid State of
Teadessee, sad Maaey rower of the State or Mis-