t
THE CONFEDERATE.
WEDNESDAY, JlSfc 1, 1864.
The iatelligcnt pecple of North Carolina
culd wonder very much, if they were intro- j
duced into the Legislature now in session, and
rai-ie spectators of the scenes now enacting.
AVitbiu this body there are four setts of mem-
f ers :
There i3 a Confederate class, who ignore
party, who wish no amliation.wilh any political
party, who certainly have no inclination to as
sociate with any political organization now in
vogue in North Carolina, but who, nevertheless, j
represent a uuruerom and decidedly respectable
an 1 intelligent portion of the people. These
repre.ientativei and their constituents would,
it they can da s j withjua sacrifice of principle,
vote for Gjv. Vance, despite his partizan ante
cedents, and what is much more distasteful, j
despite the disagreeable associates which they
.are obliged to encounter.
There is another class the immediate sup
porters of G-v. Vance and the reflectors of
lis views upright men and honest, hut timid
wtu and waveriug ; win respect but do not
understand the popular intelligence, and
would be glid to know of what it consists,
that they might do whatever would ploase it
best. Faithful representatives' are they, who
would answer any call of the people, and
?rve any turn, i' they could only be certain
,f the accuracy of the call and the turn they
were require 1 to serve.
There is yet another Conservatives of tae
'crocked sect" they who "make broad the
phiiacteries, and make clean the outside
of the cup and the platter" "whited sepul
chres, which indeed appear beautiful out
ward, but are within full of dead men's bones
and all unclearinc?." .These are they, who
in their scc--:t souls agree with Mr. Hol
den in ail I.-i-; abominations, and from their
heir's vi-,'i him success; but lack the manly
badness, are -deficient in the natural fortitude
and wanting in the moral courage to stand to
him, shoulder to shoulder ; they who have
beguile 1 and 6 uced him to his destruction,
which thfy w--u!d fain prevent but are un
prepared to share.
And there w yet another class more evil
than the la;t, ouly localise more bold these
ii.ro the C nservatives of the Straitest Sect."
Th"ir numbers are very few, and their force
very fee ble ; and if they were left alone, they
vouid fall in a speedy and irreclaimable atio
phy ; but the secj;id and the third class uurse
and tend them the second, unwittingly and
from ignorance; the third, secretly, in the
still hours of the night, from love and affection.
While this is going on here in Raleigh, and
these- r-f are each pursuing its special avo
cation, the r:a?ion is waiting for some assur
ance of hope fir its existence, from an assem
blage on the banks of the North Anna Hiver,
within wh e ranks the absorbing and distun
ing questions which agitate this Legislature
?4vvr ari ;c. There thy have' not ihe bois
terous and agitating-sxrjJ of resolutions, and
a'.neudra -ut au.i substitutes, and striking out.
Resolution hoy do indeed hear of: it is all j
r und ; and they are oftimes compelled to
substitute the hard rock for a pillow. But
t.;is i no amendment of their past habits of
iif-, but u stern insertion. And thure are
in ions to strike cut ; but they are motions
at of all Parliamentary order the motions
rt t he deadly uiis-i'e which strike out of exis-
tuco, and h ave no room for reconsideration.
Jurcsa'.d by tiiese thoughts, wc have come
t the cv! iterate conclusion, Xhl l1:" LcLla-
tare is a romance a icu-.'j and io part a
humbug and only th army is a reality.
- - .
tr.pt. Jacob Rrookticld,
The I; :t:cv of Capt. R rook fie Id's death has
1 en delated by us, in the hope that the sad
intelligence might prove unfouuded. But
a! i5, it is so? confirmed that there is no longer
r : for hope. We have t mjuru the loss
-f another brave oilicer and pure, tip right
Uaa who hx faithfully discharged his duty
t the be.sr ..f his ability, and yielded to the
e.tusj the oii'erihg of his life.
We n-gict to hear that Capt.Kayner Lro kj
t ... d. also cf the Fifth, has be?n woundjU
is r. prisL'rr in the hinds of t!;e enemy.
W:ia Garrett, and Brook field, and Smedes
R;.ed and Brixkueui and we know not bow
rua: y other wounded, the Fifth Regiment
fives evi deuce of its uual position iu the
i-.vlst of the w 'lit.
Another Gallant Defence.
I: will be remembered, thaton the 23d, Gen,
Lee telegraphed to Hicbmonl that the Yan
kjes thatdiy attacked (he N'jrtii Anna te!e
wr.in'i bri.lg-. andMrove the guard to this side.
Tiss is the bridge on which the Richmond
al Freder.cksdurg Kail road crosses the
N r;h An:. a rher.'some Ho miles from Rich
i:vt. 1. The Richmond Dispatch says we are
i" formed that the bridge was defended by the
C7:ii .rul '22 1 North Carolina regiments, aud
t; it the tight was of tiie mist desperate char
ter. Our men stooxl -their ground maufully
'y. and only retired after nearly all were
k;'.d cr wounded. About a hundred of
tV?e wou-ded ia this fight were taken to
Richmond ye?terday.
m
The Conservative party in the Legislature
i-l ow divided into three sects: The Vance
wct rr.j er these are the murderers of Mr.
lb-Men; tlo "crcK-ked peer these are the
:.:-f mourners each secretly supplied with a
vanie battery, if perchance they may bring
i-im back to life, iu which event they propose
to Income murderers of soffit body else. :
the "pall bearers" the faithful few ;
-tnful even unto death.
Tie communication tigned "Carolina,"
J-. not the writer's name accompanying it.
itus of itself excludes it from insertion in our
column?. The writers of communications
fcim give us their names, or they will not be
i -
The Icstslatnre. f
Ttiis bidy bus met in extra or adjournal j
session, and after sit'ing about a fortnight, has '
adjourned, -we hope and believe, sine die. . We j
attended its meetings very rarely, and lost
nothing by our abspnee.
That it has achieved no good, disappoints
no one. The weakest, intellectually, of
of any similar body t'at ever sat in North
Carolina, no one looked to it to rise up to,
and grapple with the exigencies of the times ; i
and all, every body would have been content
if it had simply refrained from mischief.
There are unquestionably some men of j
ability in both branches; but evidently they
have no control ; and we venture the predic
tion, that if ever the history of this revolu
tion can be written favorably for us, the acts
and doings of this Legislature will find a
place among those events which history pre
serve?, not for respect, but admonition as
acts to be avoided and despised, rather than
to be admired and imitated.
In a few days we shall take up the special
matters which engaged the attention of the
Legislature, and devote to the proceedings
such c moderation as they merit. Two things
have been developed ; one, the treasonable
purpose of Mr. Holden in the convention
move ; the other, the startling fact that he has
a large array of secret sympathizers who, with
out daring to espouse his cause, will be content
with his success, though they may seem to
oppose him.
Another and a third development, is the
significant aod unequivocal antipathy and
hostility between the Confederate party and
any and every portion of the Conservatives.
On all questions of parly politics, and the
Legislature scarce touched anything except
to instil party into it, the three corps of the
Conservative army the Vance sect, th
crooked sect, and "those of the straitest sect'
the pall bearers acted in beautiful harmony,
so yankee clock was ever more perfect in all
its parts, or struck out the hours of the day
with more jingling accord. And on all such
political questions, and in all the petty and
contemptible tactics, strategic and stratagems,
the honest arts" by which corrupt parties
play their game, these three ''apples of dis
cord" swam together. And there was no
drug however bitter no affront however gall
ing that the true, loyal, Confederate no-party
men were not compelled to drink, and forced
to submit to. No one had a word of concil
iation for them. And the palpable, manifest,
unconcealed and scarce disavowed feeling in
the camp, was that here is a sett of intru
ders we will not kick them out, but we will
all cuff them while they stay. If they endure
it and still remain, we may wonder at their
power of endurance, but we are not likeTy to
drscover any quality in their forbearance
which is worthy of admiration.
When we record these facts, we are moved
by mingled feelings of indignation and pity
pity for the sordid motives which produced the
acts that make the record necessary ; and in
dignation that the country, in her best interests,
and North Carolina in the very peace of society
itself, may be the euiTerers.
No living man not George Washington him
self ever had more uusfish, disinterested,
indeed self-sacrificiug support, than was that
which this journal, and those whom it repre
sents, volunteered to Gov. Vance. The basis
of that support was exposed . with, frankness.
We do not say that the basis is removed, and
tlve support impossible ; but we do say, that
the very foundation L'"-vc been shaken, and we
roust wait the cessation of the shock, before
we can tell if the house is any longer habitable.
It may be, that when we shall have an
opportunity of examining from the printed
publications themselves, the acts of which we
complain, that otir feelings may be molificd.
Until tbeu, we urge our readers to restrain
any fixed determination, and to be assured
that we will faithfully lay before them the
true history of events, and go with those with
whom we have started, wherever the path of
duty may point the footsteps of patriots.
Death of Col. John C. Lamb. We
arc pained to hear through the" Petersburg"
Express, of the death of Col. Lamb, of the
17th X. C. regiment. He died in Poplar
Lawn Hospital on the 27th inst. He was
wounded in the action of the 20th, in Chester
field county, receiving a ball through his left
breast. Though dan germs, we understand
that his wound was not at first considered
mortal, and strong hopes were entertained of
his recovery. His death will take his friends
by surprise, and strike mourning to the hearts
of many. He received the best medical atten
tion during his illness, and lacked for no com
fort that could b given.
.C.'I. Lamb was from Elizabeth City, X. !
C, and was a true gentleman and a noble j
soldier.
BKTr.. Gen. Winder. The Richmond pa
pers or Thursday, state that Brig Gen. J. II.
Winder has been relieved of his command
at Richmond, Va., and will bo assigned to
duty in this State, with his headquarters in
Goldsboro.
The Numbeb or Wounded. The Enquir
er ha a statement on the authority of an offir
cer of the Hospital Department, that the to
tal of wounded soldiers sent from Lee's arm v.
on account of the late engagements, to Char- I
lottcsvillc Staunton, and other towns, as well '
as to this city, is 11,130. 1 he total from ;
Gen. Beauregard's operations on the South-
side, is 3,040.
Mr. U. H. Rich, formerly Local Treasury
Agent of Little Washington, has been agpoiu
ted Lbcal Special Agent for New EsRSL This
appointment wid give great satisfaction to
the many friends of Mr. Rich in this State.
Yankee Nevcbern Times.
It is said some six thousand prisoners, ta
ken in the recent fights in Virginia, have pass-
ed through Danville for the prisons South.
For the Confederate.
E7ifcrs;The following is the list of
casualties of the 14th N. C. Troops in the
late Feries of battles from the Cth ult. to the
present, date inclusive.
"Field ard staff C I RT Bennett, in mouth,"
slight now on duty ; sergt May, N E Jenkins,
in leg severe. -
Co A Killedprivate J J Lancaster.
Wounded sergt R M King, in right arm
severely; sergt L C Newsom, in right shoulder,
amputated ; corpl George W Rooker, right
arm severely ; corpl Danl C Hardy, in arm
flesh wound ; corpl J F Newsom, in arm se
verely ; private J R Linch. low r abdomen
and hip severe ; Haidestpr, in shoulder
severely ; Danl Hicks, in arm and hip flesh
wounds; S O Adtms, on thigh contusion;
J J Pendergrass, in hand feverely. Missing
1st sergt Z J Sheareo. Total killed 1
Wounded 10 Missing 112.
Co B Killed Lt C E Jones, private George
Moore, George Baker, John Braxton. Wound
ed 1-t eergt J L Stroup in thigh flesh wound
severe ; corpl L J Myers, in right arm, flesh
wound severe ; corpl A Sink, in arm severe;
Robt W Mcotchen right shoulder am
putated ; J HR Beck, mortal since dead ;
T D Andrews, in the leg, flesh wound severe ;
- VV F McRory in the hand severe ; P L Led
ford, scalp flesh wound severe; J C Welborn.
in left knee flesh wound severe ; J C Smith,
in arm flesh wound, severe; Wm Baker in
arm, resection. Total, killed; .4, mortally
wounded, since died 1 ; wounded 1015,
Co C Killed Martin V Tyson, Ed F
Billingsley, Burk Taylor. Mortally wound
ed since dead, Wm D McPhcrson, James
Brigman. Wounded Lt William' A Liles,
, slightly, now on duty ; sergt John W Mc
Gregor, in leg, flesh wound severe ; sergt
James A Smart in left side severely ; corpl A.
B Morton in thigh slight; corpl Jule A Henry,
in head slight ; private J H Allford, in wrist
severe;" Stephen H Gaddy, in thigh flesh
wound severe ; George A Morton, in hand
severe ; Peter F Morton, in hand severe ; Wm
II Saumder8, in le"g, flesh wound severe, James
L Smith, in hand, slight; Ed J Smith, in knee
severe ; Wm L Stanbackin thigh flesh wound
severe; Miles Threadjill shocked by shell;
William C Threadgill' in thigh, flesh wound
severe; A A Waddell, in ankle slight; Thomas
J Watkins, in mouth slight. Missing A D
Lilly. Total killed 3, mortally wounded
since dead 2, wounded 17, missiag 1 23.
Co D, Killed Corpl BR Kinney. Woun
ded -1st sergt W J Dickson, left breat severe;
private W E Dickson, thigh broke, in hands
of enemy; A W Hannon, in face. severely; B
D Griffin, in knee severely; P Motley, in bow
els severely; T F Tippet, right arm amputated;
R C White, in hand slight; A S Moss, in head
slight; R C Cobb, in foot slight. Total, killed,
1; wounded 8 9. -
Co E, Killed Private Jas W Woods, W H
Hubbard. Wounded Lieut J M Hinson,
slight, now on duty; private Wm A StttidU
vant, in "both thighs, flesh wounds; L Ross, in
arm severe; C Carter, in arm slight; R l
Whitaker, ia left side severe. Total, killed, 2;
wounded,-5 7.
Co F, Killed Private Tisdale Stepp. Wound
ed capt James M Gudger, in Arm, severely,
1st lieut Gay Williams, in shoulder, slight, 1st
LtG H.Murray, mortally, since dead ;serptt
J M Whitmire, in breast, slight, sergt W
B Westall, in thigh, severe, sergt D W McGal
liod, in scalp, severe, privates Jesse Stepp, in
knee, thigh amputated, W H Clark, In hand,
slight, E Campbell, in arm, flesh wound, W
Fonts, flesh wound, in arm, W F Lewis, in arm,
flesh wound, severe, D M Phelts, in hip, fWh
wound. Total, killed 1 ; mortally wounded,
since dead, 1 ; wounded 8 10.
Co G, Killed Privates G I Well?, JOB
Jones. Wounded Corpl S F Jones, in head
severely, privates W G Snow in hand, slightly,
A J Bragg, in hand slightly, II S Rawley, in
tiead slight. J M Wright, in shoulder, slight,
Missing W F FrenchW W JStubblefield, in
thigh, severeJv; A P Taylor, in hand, slight.
Total, killed 2 ; Wounded 7 ; ndssinfi 110.
Co II, Killed Hugh Tusser. Wounded 1st
sergt C A Sankle, in head, slight, sergt II A
Kendall, in neck, severely, sergt Bennett Rus
sell, on leg, slight, corpl E Lowder, in head,
severely, private J H AVett, in lungs, since
dead, Green Melton, -wrist, severely, D G
juarrir?.", in lee flesh wound, B F Snugg3, in
hip, flesh wound, J W Snuggs, Z !C !;rfelv
and captured, J H Clodfelter, in thigh, eevere,
Jacob Austin, in arm, slight: John Dry, in hand,
slight, W E H Davie, in arm. slight, on duty,
W H Melcher, in hand, slight, Joseph A Shankle,
in head and hand, slight. Missing, none.
Total, killed 1 ; mortally wounded, since dead 1 ;
wounded 15 17.
Co I. Killed Private D CUlfelter. W-n-dff
-Corpl C Smith, contusion, now on duty;
C M Thompson, arm amputated; G W Reid,
in le? severely; J K Workman, in hpad and
shoulders slight; G A Hedrick, in hand se
verely; LC Goss, in thigh; G W Goss, mor
tally, since died on the Geld; James Scchrist,
contusion on arm; W A Sullivan, contusion
on b?ck, now on duty: B F Gallimore, con
tusion in groin; B B Grnelison, right arm
severe; G .W Swicegood, wrist, slight; Jarr.es
Conrad, scalp slight. Total, killed, 1; woun
ded, since dead, 1; wounded, 12 14.
Co K, Killed Private John Martin. Woun
ded Capt Joe Jones, in arm severely, Lieut
C W Beavers, in head slight; sergt John D
t Thompson, in face slight, returned to duty; d,
Ingram, in shoulder slight; corplsT J Jolly,
in arm severely; C Adams, in shoulder, se
verely; private HJ Worrel, in leg severely;
J W Solomons, in head, returned to duty; W
L Gooch, in leg, returned to duty; Wm Leath
erman, in side, contusion, returned to duty; J
Cox, in head slight, returned to duty; A M
Adams, on arm, contusion, returned, to duty;
W E Friedle, in wrist slight; W Gooch, in
hand slight. Missing J B Harris. Total,
killed, 1; wounded, 14; missins, 1 10.
WM. C. POWER, Chaplain.
The N. C. Christian Advocate, the P. C.
Precbyttrian and Fayeitevjjlc Observrr please
copy.
Dr. Deems's Appointments.
The Financial Agent for the orphan endowment
fund desires to address the people at the following
times and places :
J uneo, Sunday, Poplar Tent Church, Cabarrus
county ;
J une 10, Friday, Lincolnton ;
" 12, Sunday, Sbeby,CleaveUnd county;
" 14, Tuesday, Rntherfordton ;
" 16, Thursday,- Henderaonville ;
18, 19, Saturday and Sunday, Abe-
ville;
June 21, Tuesday, Marion, McDowell ceunty
On the Sundays he will conduct divine service,
and on the other days specified deliver addrestes
on theftate of the country with special reference
to the fund for the orphans of soldiers.
Western papers please copy.
Tiic Emperor Maximilian was at Havana
on the 14th inst., en route for Mexico, and has
probably reached Vera Cruz before this.. Mr.
Preston, Minister of the Confederate States to
Mexico, was also there at that date, awaiting
he departuae oftho Emperor.
Synnpsi of Iterni: l.t wult by Mr, Beam,-,
Davidson, ov Rc tohdions in regard to
. suspension of the writ of B ilea Corpus.
Mr Speaker:! regret th? necessity of
this discussion. I regret that any circumstan-.
ces or combination of circumstances, should
.have arisen, so as to impel many minds to the
conviction that the public safety required the
temporary suspension of the great safeguard
of personal libeity, the writ of habeas vorpus:
And I take this opportunity to 'say, that no
one has a more profound reverence for this
palladium of liberty tha'i I have no one
would resist unlawful encroachments upon it
with more firmness than myself. Bht at the
same time, I "Vsjuld not cuard it with unrea
sonable jealousy. IwouHnot dei ry that the
good of the country, the public safety and the
safety of the writ itself, might require its
temporary suspension. The English Parlia
ment, which mipht be considered a jealous
gnat! Ian of the writ, hag frequently suspend
ed it. It suspended it no less than Jice times
1 between 1S0J and 1814 ; and at one time de
clared martini law ; again in 1822 and 1824,
and even so lae as 1848, less than fourteen
years ago. I ruentiou these facts to show
that the British people have been familiar
with its suspension, and that the patriotic and
accomplished statesmen of that nation have
not usually regarded it as such a perilous ex
periment, per such a dreadful evil.
But -the writ has been suspended by the
Confederate Co'tigress, under what was be
lieved !o ba an-imperative necessity; and
this General Assembly is now called upon by
these Resolutions o demand of Gmgressa re
peal of its recent act. I regret, sir, that these
resolutions have been introduced under the
circumstances now surrounding our National
Capitol in the very crisis of our bleeding
country's fate. I had hoped that if any reso
lutions were deemed necessary, tLat they
would have been free from a spiritof crimina
tion and unjust suspicion. They are objec
tionable in form and spirit. They are objec
tionable because they make charges which I
do not believe facts will sustain ; and they
call upon the Legislature to do what 1 believe
they have no power to do.
Here Mr. Bead went into an extended ar
gument, to show that the resolutions called
upon the Legislature to clothe itself with ju
dicial powers to constitute itself a supreme
court, and pronounce as erroneous the decisions
of the Supreme Courts of Georgia, of Virgi
nia, and all other courts that had decided that
the conscript acts were constitutional. He
argued that these courts were created for the
purpose of investigating the laws, and decid
ing whether they were constitutional or not,
and that the Legislature by this action woujd
be going beyond its own appropriate sphere.
He further objected to the resolutions, that
their general tenor if not their express words,
seemed to declare " that no conditions of pub
lic danger, present or prospective, probable or
possible," could justify the conscript laws, nor
the suspension of the writ of Habeas Corpus
Mr. Beall continued. '
I believe, sir, that Congress Aasthc right to
suspend the writ. The constitution, I believe,
confers the power. The terms are negative,
but still the grant is absolutely affirmative,
upon conditions. Now, the plain, common
sense reading, of the clause of the constitution
conferring this power would be this: If there
is rebellion iu the Confederacy, if there is in
vasion, and Consress deems that the pub
lie Safety requires it, then Congress shall have
the power to suspend tho writ of habeas
corpus. That is what I deem the plain
meaning of the clause. The only question
then is does rebellion exist iu the country ?
Is the country invaded? Does the public
safety, require the suspension ? In answer to
the first question, I need only mention the de
plorable fact that portions of Virginia and
Tennessee have thrown off their allegiance
aiM defied the authorities with force of arms;
and to the other facts, that some of our slaves
have arms in their bands. Iu answer to the
other question, the question of invasion, ys it
necessary to point to the smouldering ruins
of once happy homes, to the multitudes of
helpless men, women and children fleeiug
before the revengeful fury of a cruel foe, and
to the hundreds of battle-fields red with the
blood of our best" and bravest ; when wc may
almost hear the sound of hostile cannon from
this cnpitol no one will deny that we are
invadeu.-
.
Then, sir, does the public safety require the
suspension ? And this brings me to a subject
that I would gladly cover with the vail of
oblivion, if it were possible. But I am com
pelled to mention facts existing in our midst,
upon which wc can not close our eyes facts
which should cause tho blush of shamo to
mantic the cheek of every patriot facts which
prove the degradation to which corrupt human
nature, may attain, and how low men may
descend in the pursuit of their own sellitdY
ends. J allude, sir, to the course pursued for
some' time past by heartless demagogues, who
now that the land is filled with mourning
.and the people weighed "down with the calam
ities and lBconyemences inseparable from war,
now that our very existence is at stake syste
matically set to work to deceive and mislead the
people, to foment discontent, to apologize for
our cruel enemies, to excite unfounded distrust
in our own government "Pharisees" "of, the
straitest," who "lade men with burdens
grievous to be borne and themselves touch
not the burdens with one of their fingers.
Los3 than fourteen years ago, in the British
Parliament, a suspension of the writ of habeas
eorpiis was asked, to meet and forestall a re
bellion -in ; Ireland. And, sir, I can not do
better than nse the pointed language of Lord
Brougham upon that occasion, describing the
bad men who had been leading the simple
peasantry to the brink of a fatal insurrection,
by their newspapers by their haraDgucs and
by their organised meetings : -
."I believe that the country ha lately been
infested with two sorts of political leaders.
One sort wa- formed of those who .preached
rebellion, but in a mitigated form who prea
ched everything shortof that which would
involve the inconvenience of themselves being
prosecuted for treason; men who said. ''do
this and do that," in order to prepare for re
bellion, But who took especial ctq not to go
beyond a certain limit. They said to. the
people who had unhappily placed themselves
under the bad guidance of such leaders, go
this length or that length but do nothing un
lawful:' That is, hold your-"peace meetings" hold
your "convention meetings," and resolve' that
you will "tafce your affairs into your own
hand that vou wiH "not nav tithes to Brad-
, j I . -7 0
ford nor any other .man ;" that von ore irrl
favour of the Union an it was and the ecu
stitution a3 it is" "but do nothing unlawful 1"
These were the agitators of the sordid, crafty,
money getting school. They, at all events,
thought to save themselves from prosecution,
which they were in great dread of, by recom
mending all things sbdrt of- actual rebellion,
and by continually saying, Pray don't be
guilty of any insurrection. It was as if one
were to bring gun powder to a place where
they had kindled a fire, and then pan away
baying, "Pray don't explode." t.
JBo' of late there had arisen another set,
wpcable, who ivere trait,., no, from
yri'vfjxioti, but from motive- of more coft
fMupi!Ja raitjr tnn wb made treason
aW patihi:.''-mei who woidd apologize
for Lincoln, u the Ciroind that hii emancipa
! tion prolamativji did not; mean anything it
. was only a vwir i.twanre t break the back
bone nt the rebel liouw"JU en' who were seek
ing the bad. despicable wbjent of the gratifica
tion of rnftre penvhal variety. : War was the!
' last thing tlrey r Vhior or thought of. lint
it did not folicnr thAr they Gnd stop thosq
they had bee4iJtdg''OB ''--anil Lord
Brougham ' conclude by. ?kissf the sus
pend n of the wiit, in order vs:cetfyase uV
guided peopla, iltotc vnkJljih JXT-soiiS irhom
these leaders were t ondurtivy lo-tfuir rmtls
It has been asserted, sir, that tve suspension
of the writ ia.for the especial beneftft of Nrtli
Carolina; and the authority for this aeaertion.
as far as . I. know, ha no, better foundation
than mere rumor. Sif, I believe I may in fa
dently deny, that it was ever intended to-ap
ply to North. Carolina a a State, any furtben
than it was intended to apply to South Caro
lina as a State. If intended to apply to any,
one in North Carolina at all, my belief is that
it was intended solely for those leaders whf
portraits have been so accurately painted in
the language of Lord Brougham. And, Mr,
suppose me r-v should assure me that it
-was intcrfded to ..pj fo these. cw agitators
shall I fly in a pas-. . nd declare that the
wholo Stat', is theieby charged with treason
and disloyalty 1 When it is charged that a
few bad men are guilty of giving aidnnd com
fort to the enemy, shall I make the illogical
deduction that the whole State U thereby
charged with treason? When a few unscru
pulous persons, for selfish ends, are charged
with systematically sowing the seeds of dis
trust and hatred towards our common gov
ernment, am I to come to the unwarrantable
conclusion that the whole State is charged
with disloyalty ? Sir, I will cot occupy so
untenable a position. I murt respectfully
decline to tke the. spotless robe of North
Carolina and cover the iniquities of these
wrong-dcers. They most impudently assume
that theara the people"; that they are the
"State." Sir, I deny the assumption. They
are hot the "Slate." The "State" is not at
home croaking and gniaibling, and threaten
ing to "pull the key-stone from the arch," and
"threatening to fall back upon her sovereign
ty." The ' Stat'1 is around the fireside, cheer
ing the desponding, in the field and the work
shops, with its energy, and trustfuluess iu a
righteous Cause ; iu the army battling against
our wicked invaders, and she is every where
building up an impenVhable monument of
fame upwn which will never be inscribed the
names? of those who had no word of cheer in
the hour of their country's gloom.
But, sir, to return from this digression :
There is another indication that the public
safety requires the suspension at this timtu
It is well knoVi u that Richmond has been
a sewer in which all the ekmcnts of corrup
tion from every quarter of the cntimcut have
congregated. And now, sir, with Ri.hmond
filled with men read)' to sell themselves to any
iniquity; with spies, and. cm mies.and sympathi
sers with our eiitinie., aud these enemies in
eightof thegas lighusof t he napital, shall wepio
nuncehere that tiie public safety that is the
safety of the people, the safry of our armies, the
safety of all that is precious does not require that
these dreadful elements of destruction shall,
be restrained by the huspension of rhc writ?
Our Congress, now in the midst of the peri',
telis us that the public saftey does. requirn i.
Our Piesident, tdtth.gasit were over a hidden
vokai.o, tells us so; yet we must come here, far
removed -from the scene of danger, and say
thai it is not so. I cannot do it.
Now,' sir, I have shown- that the country
was in a statu of rebellion. and invasion; that
the public safety was in imminent peril, and
lam foiced to the conclusion that Congress
not only has the right to suspend the writ,
but it has an imperative duty in the matter.
And with my convictions, 1 canuot consent to
urge Congress, at a lime like this, to repeal
their act of suspension.
I know that my language will be garbled :
that my meaning will be perverted : that my
motives will be impugned. I do not expect
to escape theshai .f malignity; but I have
a duty to perform, und I endeavor t perform
it fearlessly ; and I hare tried to do it in a
plain, st.rUbt-f'.rward manner. . I will again
state my pn?ii!.. : I OpO.-Ci to an un
guarded" suspensiou of the writ.of habeas cor
pus . " I ani opposed to suspending it except
upon occasions of the gravest necessity, and
when the public safety clearly and impera
tively demands its suspenMon. If the neces
sity ever can exist, 1 believe, it exists now.
But I further declare that whoa thj ittl shall'
have passed, whn the necessity no longer exist.-,
that the privilege of the writ honl I bo
immediately resiortJ. ,
As to the tm.Mlc of suspendi ng the "privilege
of the writ, I shall have no controversy" :v.wb j
any One. I am willing to Approve any modi
fication of the act of repeal that wll suit the
"most scrupulous, provided it docs not take
away at this juncture t:ie great end of the sus
pension, viz ; the apprehension and reotra'u
ing of the enemies-of the country. With
'these views I can not endorse the policy urged
in the report of tho committee, and in the
amendment offered. Although I am willing
to join in a request that Congress modify its
act, I can not ask its repeal at this time the
very crisis of the country's fate.
Mr. Speaker, in this whole matter I have
endeavored to be guided. by thegreat maxim,
"in essentials unity, in .non-essential . liberty,
in all things . charity." , It Las been my cou
stant aim to produce unity on the gTt cen
tral idea of this contest, between tho Confed
erate States and United States ; i. e. that the
South has a perfect and just right to be free
and independent, and that it is our sacred. duty
to resist the North with all our power, till it
ceases to invade this right. As to the mode
of conducting this resistance; .as to the policy
tha; will; conduct the war to a speedy aud
happy issue, I endeavor to be liberal and char
itable in mere matters of opinion. . A&,for
myself, I would adopt the eloqurnt language
of Sheridan quoted on an occasion similar to
this: " Let us save the ship, not ask who is
the master--let us consider not who is the
Minister, but where ' is the enemy we have to
cope with.' In a crisis like-this, I eudeavor
to lay aside all partizan. feeling. I struggle
.to lisc above the mist 'and fog of party con
tention and party prejudice, into that clearer
region wheralthe .patriotic statesman can eo
all the waajstesaities, andOangers of his i
countryrgA-jtff my voice could be
heard througibvt this land, I would try to
convince every man, woman and child, jbat
this war is a just war cf self defence on tha
part of the South ; that it is' a wicked, n?ajr of r
invasion on me pare oi me norm ; tau u is a
struggle for liberty on the one h&nd and des
potism on the other : that the limbic: t e
en is as deeply interested, in the ar.uggde as
the most exalted that all climes are ajike
involved, and if one goes doTzn we all go to
gether : if one is saved, all is savd ;"and the
birh and Ipw, rich snd' poor will rejoice iu a
' "m'uU- -
triumph that M mg to all. I would infus
into every mind A prit4f cheerfulness and
hrpefu?ncat. r I would m.f?fe on(7 lrnce in
th rr.lctr of nur soldier and the alilUffntir
milita-y leaders. I would encourage a rea
sonable coofl h-ncc iu the patrioriim, wijdo.il
and good intentions' of cr statesmen. I would1
inculcate patience nndef nttr trial, hope under
our eilaoutics, nd above j?l an unwavering
trnst in the Omnipotent rru of .feiurrah.
I am convinced if we all would pureudo
this course, that we would present ct an
imnrojnalj? waH f resist mcc, that Abra
ham Lincoln wi!h ;! hfe trots wotrM In hurl
ed back as the wjtvt th.U do.h against tho
reck bound .,rfc . Sow, r, tint our relent
less, merciless foe.4 nrn rmsing in ri evrry
sido with demoniac? fury, fw tint Mr
fierce, dnadful sound or d.whing feel ffff
flashing gum is dily heard nriwfrnfuiir natioir
nal capital, an-' the bio kI ofonr hr and
broth, rs is flowing like water, for br?iiMnty,rg
s-iki? let us put aside the partv contrnttoti.
at Jext until the dreadful crista f past. WhetJ
r: cuntcm plate the awful solemnity of tbi
jionr when every hreejjc 1 l.ndm with tho wail.
ani sighs of sorrow ancVatflicatlon; when I w
our enomiej rushing upou us rw tbc waves
of lha sea. I cinnot fully descrilw my feelings.
Lfeel ttMaWhk a a if I wero situi'tl n the
jnidt of u puairie, with . the ta I gra lrTa-ed'
with the scorcbinjj rays of a sutntierV ttt.
ll.r lVmy hotrv, my vrtfelmd all 1 h K1 der.
Suddenly, in the ghmm of night. I" tlw
horizon darkened vh a ma of ascending
smoke; then I seo Srty eolnmn sh'Tuinr
athwart the rolling dtsni anl instantly I hear
the appalling roar of n, billowy sec of flmio
advancing on every ekle, mil) see no escape ,
fioni the devouring element. Shall f, in tho
midst of this terrific spect ichyturn my tat
tentiori from this fe irfnl danger and quarrel
with the spatk that escap- fi(vn mv mvi
chimney I f my attention m directed ft the
spaiks at all, b?t me rather think that they
. were excited by some friendly hand, snatching
brand from the hrarth -stone to c-usumo the
gra-.s and stubble aruud mv hoiis,-and creat
a charmed circl. byond wfuch the ticry bit
lows cYitiVl uot leap.-
S'r, let not tVciC minor matlerc distract our
attention from the real dangesr that threatens
to cut the ground from beneath our feet and
leave us no resting placs for the sacred right
of hoi)"ai corpus, nor any other right. Let us
bo united against our cruel foe ; thfti with tho
blessings of Providence, we will achieve a
g!orius independence then will crime .tins
notes of blessed peace, wafted on the balmy
brecc zesof the South, and the grtnd oM motm?
fains of North Carolina and Virginia, will
catch them up and echo thun over the grassy
plains of Kentucky, leyond tho Miisipfi's
rushing flood, to le re-echoed by tho rolHny
prairies of Missouri. Then from all this briad
land will ascend a grand anthem of pr.iTso
and thanks.jiving to Him who hath given' iw
tho victory, and delivered us from oar foes
w'.th a great deliverance.
An Appeal not to be Dlsrcsardfd.
The following letter is from a la ly of this
Slate now in Richmond, and whose whole soul
ia enlisted in attending to the wants if tho
suffering sons of North Carolina in the hospi
tals of that city. We feel confident that she
will not apped iu vain to the wive, mother!,
sisters and all other relitivrs and friends, to
sen-Ion such articles of nomf 'rt ani iwcc.sily
a arj itnlisprtn- ihly r'quit! for tlu welfiro
of tb-ir kin-Mi-M an 1 neighbors languishing
fr mi wounds and sickness. L"t the appeal b
promptly and generously responded to, and
by this means a manifest ition of an app e
ciatiou of the H-rvices and interest of this lady
be made, that will be most consonant with her
patriotic, benevolent heart :
Chimb ha. IhwiTAL, Richmond, May 21.
Messrs fid if on : I am snr. you will excuse
my troubling you, , when you knov why I
write. Feeling anxiius tdiotit my fellow
Statesmen who an? at tho hospital at Camp
Winder, I lccepted tho propo-at of a gentle
man to drive nic there tuts morning. Our
soldiers are quite cvnfortabln, and I hope they
lrtve good medical atten'i n .f course I
'r.iuld not judge of that, V U know tbfc bos
pi als arc now filled with wo-inded, many of
them suffering very much, necessarily. My
object in writing to you 14. to ak you to writo
article . f.-r Tte 0fcdcrafe, asking for
contributions of cgjdwllor, A'C, t'i be sent
from our Stto for the, benefit of North Car
olina soldi cr- at Ca up Winder.
This hospital is appropriated to tlum, al
though, there m: in ny. in other hospital. I
am gl id to say that theYe are a tuimlwr f our
North Carolina sddirt who hvo the advan
t igcH of Chiinborjiv; . Prouon are wry
hish in Richmond, and the Vir ini na havM
been long taxed fo Mjppty delicacies to tliM
wounded soldiers from every State. Irid
tnii's, blackberry winechickr", almost any
?!itig would be acceptable, flags are very
nc-essary. nd treacl?. Kge, lpper, even
piece.' of cloth to over, crutcluM.
I ki:OW that many people rrould gladly oid
if they kne-v the way. I was toTd wt the
North Carolina Home, that Gov. Vance had
an agent who came in with supplies. Such a
person Would bring such things a5 I suggest,
and they would cotno rifely and quickly only
in tho especial care of an appointo l person.
If yoti agree to wrfti the article, I hope it
may be copied thnnghmit thi State, for this
is tho people's war, and no article ii so smill,
but it might contribute to sootho those
who are enduring so much far tn
AH hink ti'Te that we are on the eve of a
great battle. I di7u!d be rejoiced if my appli
cation could bring something in time for ita
necesMtioi. t
Wc learn that Geu. Whiting has boeu
ordi ted to report lo Geu. Lce,uud will aisuiu
an active field command.
t5Gov. Vauce will speak l
Greensboro', Saturday, June 1th,
Lexington, Mouldy, June tith,
Salisbary, Tuesday Juno 7th,
Concord, Wednesday, June 8th, .. .
Davidson College, TtiursdaItluo tih,
Ddlas, Priday, June 10th, .
LuKolnton, S-itiuday, June lUhv :
Slielby, Monday, June 13th,
Rutherford ton, Tuesday ,"14th.
Tio friends will ploase rovide a convey-
nnoe at tlw points, Vhtjv the Governor leavca
the railroad, fr two person, .
! . : r-
CiURLCSTp2f.r-The vQimj: still continuei
q fret' Cliarleston wftb his battles. Throwing
ia a fov slifU nearly every d.ij.. I is ira
nosiblc to ctccifQ of anythinft latef than
, yicte re ntoo displajs, mde with no
' purjpWe or'expctattra ot accoinptisbing any
. iniliiary resujt; hut simply i gri ify a- malig
nity not recognized as hooorabU ia Wftr. It
is as bad as if a OonfederaU m&rksimiit wer
to post himself on the Arliogt m Ueights and
fire into the wnmeti -and ohildrcn that waU;
Pennsylvania Avenue. It gratifies a passion,
for uiu,iV?r, u.'t a zeal iu legitimate war.