THE CONFEDERATE. I
W KD.VKSDAY, JIXK 8, 1864.
The Legislature.
We fxprei3cd on Tuesday lust, an earnest
fliscun'eut at the narrow-minded partizanship
which uiarkel the action of this body in its late
alj mrned session. It wholly loit sight of the
stite of tli?? nil ion. It seemed to be both blind
ail kif, anJ hid neither eye nor car for the
perils of the situation, or the help by which
thy might be avoided.
Iu the action of Mr. V . 0. Rivei, perhaps
now the most venerable, as he is unquestionably
nm ng the ablest statesmen of the Confederacy,
on Mi ' hiht u corpus, they found no example.
This distinguished citizen, a Conservative in
every true sense of the word, had gone to Rich
mond with mind uncommitted as to the expe
diency of the suspension, but without doubt
of the power of Congress, and with as little
dvibt a to the particular moment in which it
had been exercised. On reaching Rchniond as
a oiTibcr of Cougres he sought tfic evidence
01 which the suspension had becu voted, nnd it
vrn r.tl 'y l.iii before Li;n ; and then, on his
ovu exnrairmtion, he satisfied himself of its
necessity, aui has so announced to the La lion
in a speec'a a replete with sound, intelligent
argument, as those of M. Stephens and Mr.
l'.oyden are full of folly and absurdity.
But this legislature iuut needs conmme
turn- a i l zjvvA money in a rehash of thread -I'.irp
armiieiiU. xviich could serve no useful
jfjrp !, Hud .Ulaiu tr desirable end. Not
;;ily lhi ; bul it has gouc further ; we know
n f. how much further ; but it has passed a
biil, "th'! more effectually to secure the bene
rtts of tin; writ of habeas' corpus , and to pre
vent diizj.js in civil life from being removed
bey-'iil the limit of tho SUte." At first
hluth, ti.n wo'ill seem to intud & conflict,
immii it ? ;nd tiri ivrfdibl( bstwaen the 8tate
Mil th' O'.if'.-'L'rate authorities. We are not
jircjurel t s,iy tint this U so, for we have
not. yci ha 1 iiii opportunity to fully examine
the hill. It r vi li;irdly be a measure of good,
its it ema.Mted from Mr. Nathaniel Boyden,
and was sprurti; iu the closing hours of the
so-siou. Uut we shall ex, i mine the measure
and wive to the public the result of our exami
mtioa. Apart fruiii these the Legislature indulged
its; If iu the pas-r.ge of resolutions as a basis
of p ace; in approbation of Gv. Vance, of
l'resi leaW I) ivis, and the soldiers the poor
soldiers, who arc male to bear, in addition tu
all their siiHWiii, the grievous weight of be-approv-e
l by this Legislature. This is
vba. wc call '-riding a free home to death."
Aod cvrn this was mockery; f r in the very
br.Mt!t that it uttered this suutiment, it
rtonc'iod with ,i i4ip of miberly avarice, the
im'.itii ofii homo guard officers, jus
U': '' tha pMce, mayors and comtnhwioiw
c of Uileili, and Kinstou, and suchlike,
;oi.l peremptorily determined that these ' be-pr:i;-l
s i lior.-, to "whom profoundest thanks
.v iiii-j and tendered," should not have the
l.vlti a-ootniort oi" one particle of reinforce-iii-:;t
ftu-u any home guard, or militia officer,
or auy justice of the peace, mayor or commis--io
icr, or nonstable, or any other officer of the
S .itt: ; but these able -bodied, useless officers
rujuld bt: exempt, and that the "brave and
devoUid so'dii'i-s in the field" should depend
oti ihfir Tmvu "gullantry and fortitude," and
on th.irowu ' rliorto," tor auy ,4sucoess."
truct that every soldier and every sol
diev'b lather, brother, uncle, cousin, kin and
Irieu 1::., will get this vote aud Icaru by heart
the nauiea ot those who have have perpe
trated this uojust, unwise and dangerous
lez'iolation, that thev and all their influence
may pay back in cuiu to the perpetrators the
value of their worth. When this vote is pub
lished iu Yankee laud, along with Mr. Boy
den's Speech and both will go right there,
fur both will appear in the Standard they
.vill raUea thout of jiy ; and only our soldiers,
to whom this rightful help has been refused,
will have cause to mourn.
Aud what w.u tnoat remarkable in this
Legislature wan, that all the Sects worked
together, (except on the resolutions approving
liov. A'antt) with as much concord as though
not a string wa nj ir ; and even Mr. Holden
.an scarce have the assurance to pretend that
there is auy split, except upon the individual
personal difiVreueo between him and Gov.
Vaucc, oa the question of loyalty and disloy
alty as involved in his Convention scheme.
N-r cau Mr. Holden, or any honest friend of
have auy longer doubt, that there is not
and launtit lo political or party afiiHatiou
Ivtween tho Confederate men and Gov. Vance,
.r any other of the conservatives, Bavc only
ou th very single issue which we have men
tioned. On this question they do agree. The
for; federate have loog-bocn satisfied that Mr.
Holden was a public enemy that he had
meditated aud bought to carry out a plan of
trcaiou, which would have brought tho can
Mon'j roar into our own "homos and whelmed
North Carolina iu infamy aud sorrow.
By this time Gjv. Vance, and all Conser
vatives, except the 4 ?traitest sect' must all
be satir-lied . f TLa same thing ; and the real,
most important aud indeed only important
isue now presented is, whether the people
ohali bave f.;r their next Governor a man who
had made up hii mind, aud bad began to an
nounce confidentially, his intention to secede
North Carolina again from the Confederacy ;
ur a man who, however imperfect may be his
political organization, aud however distasteful
his asaociats, is a loyal man, who means to
hold North Carolina to her sisters in faithful
allegiance, according to the pledge she made,
wherein was plighted ber honor and her truth.
On this question, there is but one respectable
side ; and on that side the great body of the
people are ranged a few, a very few, grow
ing fewer every day, are left to Mr. Holden.
And when men shall come to hear the proof
of his criminal intentions, they will flee him
jike they flee the leprosy.
The Small Fox.
It becomes our duty to announce that this
! infcvtioux and loathsome diseas.j has ag-iin
made its appearance in this town, and it is
our duty eo to announce it, because, as ire
are iuformed, in one locality no steps have
been taken to prevent its spread. We have
great respect for Dr. McKee, who we happen
to know is one of the commissioners, and we
beg to call this matter to fiis special attention.
It is useless to withold the names. The Small
Pox is reported by Dr. Hill to be in the family
of Mr. Holden ; and more than one citizen has
communicated to us the fact, that there is no
guard to prevent communication no flag to
indicate infection, nor any other signal. And
wc are further informed that Mr. Holden com
municites with h?s otfijfi, and that p;rsjns
have access to his house.
Another Intue in this town, where the in
fection also prevails, we understand, is signall
ed for the warning of passers by, and for
aught we know may be guarded too. ' We
well recoil 3Ct that a ' negro servant on the
premises of Mr?. Henry, soine time ago , had
j the small pox, and this1 lady's house was effec-
tua'ly guarded by town police officers, aud
so rigidly, as to aunoy the family. We did
not complain in their behalf, because we pre-
ferred to counsel submission to the annoyance,
I lather than run tte risk of spreading the in
j fection. Oilier families bave been obliged to
submit to like necessities, and therein no rea
son why Mr. U olden should have an immuni
ty. We mention the name of Dr. McKee, be
cause we recollect him as one of tho Commis
sioners, and we invoke prompt attention to
this matter. We feel a natural sympathy
with the afflicted member of Mr. Uolden's
i family, and we would have been glad to have
i beeu saved the necessity of this public applica-
lion for the proper precautious against its ex
! tension.
To Correspondents.
We frequently receive letters, saying "Your
Tri-weekly is always a day behind your Daily
of the same date, in reaching this Post Office.'
This is obliged to be so. Our Daily is printed
between midnight and day of its date, and con
sequently is sent off by the mails of that morn
ing. Our Tri-weekly is printed in the day of
its date, and cannot get off in the mails until
next day hence itsbeing a mail behind the
Daily. And we cannot avoid this : for we can
not print off both editions and mail them in time
for the morning trains.
We sometimes receive letters from persons
saying that they had paid the proprietor of the
Stale Journal for the paper up to a certain
period, when upon the books we find them
credited for a shorter period. We go entirely
by the entries on the books, as it was npon these
dutes we purchased the establishment, and
agreed to furnish the Confederate to all sub
scribers to whom and for the length of time we
found the Journal wa due, according to those
entries. If there is any error, the correoticn
lies with the former proprietor, aud not with
us.
We do wish persons who write for tho Coil'
Jcdtrale to be changed from one Post-office to
another, would be particular to state from
what Post-cfficc as well as to what Post-ofiice ;
and that all would specify what i&suc of the
paper they are writing for or about, whether
Daily, Tri-Weekly or Weekly. If this were
always observed, it would save us a great deal
of trouble, would prevent mistakes, and ensure
the correction or attention desired.
Every assertion that Mr. Holdeu and the
Conservatives who support him desire to secede
from the Confederacy is infamously false.
Progress. -
This is the bare assertion of the .editor of
the Progress, without even the "by authority''
of Mr. Holden. Whereas two gentlemen of
the Legislature have publicly and solemnly
certified that ihey heard Mr. Holden say that
it was his 'desire" for North Carolina 'to .
eecede from the Confederacy," and that " the
Legislature ought to call a Convention to take
her out immediately." These certificates have
been published to the world for nearly a
week, and Mr. Holden has issued no denial
himself, nor authorised any one else to do so
for him. The bare assertion of the Progress,
therefore, carries no weight with it. Does
Mr. Holden deny the allegations of these
gentlemen, or authorize the Progress to do so
for him ? There' the point.
jrsT' Gov. Vance will speak at
Greensboro Saturday, June 4th,
Lexington, Monday, June 6th,
Salisbury, Tuesday, June 7th,
Concord, Wednesday, June 8th,
Davidson College, Thursday. June 9th,
Dallas, Friday, June 10th,
Liucolnton, Saturday, Juno 11th
Shelby, Monday, June 43th,
Rutherfordton, Tuesday, 14th,
Hendcrsonville, Thursday, J une 16b,
Asheville, Friday, June 17tb,
Marion, Mouday, June 20th,
Morgantun, Tuesday, June 21st,
Lenoir, Wednesday, June 22d.
Tho friends will please provide, a con vey
ance at the points, where the G overnor leaves
the railroad, for two persons.
Western papers please copy.
The Richmond Examiner states that poison
ed balls and exploitive bullets are not honor
able engines of war, and for that reason they
are in use in the Yankee army. Some of our
soldiers wounded in the army of Northern
Virginia owe their wounds to these infernaf
contrivances, enhancing the dangers of death
and the necessity of amputation. 1 1 is intima
ted that Brig. Gen. J B. Gordon, of North
Carolina, was wounded by a poisoned ball, '
and that his death was the result of it.
"Ijidcr Which Kins, Bcnznnl ?' j
Tbc Conservative, organ of the " crooked i
tt, aiiu the Vrojress, mouth-ptece of the
"straitest sct" Conservatives, are quarreling
over three State Senators, as to who they will
support for Governor, namely " Hon. Bed
ford Brown, Hon. Nat. Boyden, and E. J.
Warren, Eq." The Conservative claims them
for Gov. Vance; but the Progress demurs,
and eays :
"We saw and conversed fieelv with all;
three of these gentlemen during the recent
session of the Legislature, and we are confi
dent that at leasi two of the three will vote
for Mr. Holden, and think it very probable
ill three of them frill. W do not see how
gentlemen holding the views and advocating
the opinions they do, can vote for Gov. Vance.
We can understand wiry these two latter
gentlemen, especially, may vote for Gov.
nee, because they know that is the strong
side of the party ; and wily old stagers, such
as Nat. Boyden and Dr. Warren, have no idea
of taking passage on board a sinking ship.
But we entirely agre3 with the Progress in
the remark that " wo do not ee how gentle
men holiing the views and advocating the
opinions they do, can vote" against Mr Hol
den on account of his views for his and theirs
arc identical. SelP preservation may induce
them to vote for Gov. Vance; but they are
heart and soul with Mr. Holden.
Headquarteks IstN. C. CAVAtnv.
Messrs. Editors : You will confer a reat
f.iVr on , thU iviri-nMit and its friends, by
Yankee Prisoners Escaped. We are
authorised to give information ihat eleven
Yaitkfce prisoners escaped on Saturday inora
iug last, from tho guard having them in charge
at the junction of the W. C. & B. Kail road
with the Atlantic, Tenn., & Ohio Road, on
the suburbs of Charlotte.
For the Confederate.
Hanover Junction, Va:, May 23.
Messrs. Editors : By publishing the follow
ing list cf casualties at .your earliest conven
ience, you will oblige many friends and
anxious families. The list is complete ta date.
Very respectfully,
R. B. Anderson,
Chaplain 4th N. C. T.
CASUALTIES IN THE FOURTH REGT
N. C. TROOPS.
Field and Staff Killed, none. Wounded,
maj E A Osborne right hand severe, acting
adj't lieut J A Smmers, co H, jaw and neck
severe, W M Durell, coK, acting sergt tjpaj
on the Ilth, left arm amputated, W B Barnes,
eo F, acting serg maj on the 19th hip severe.
Co A Killed, capt W F McRorie and sergt
F M Morrison; privates N S Brawley and Au
gustus Byers. Wounded, lieitt F 1) Carlton
thigh severe, lieut W R AL-Neely thigh, lieut
T M C Davidson breast and arm, ord'ly sergt
W R Thompson thigh severe, corpl A Lampe
mortally, corpl C D Connor thump amputa
ted; privates W L Carter, thigh severe, J W
Hobbs thigh severe, W L Gilland leg, D A
Bean head mortally, since died, T Christy both
thighs severe, J W Coan thigh, J B Stinson
thigh, A L Speikes leg. Missing, privates A
Bailey and Eli Day.
Co B Killed, 1st sergt E V Barber; privates j
T D Barber and Peter Deal. Voundcd, lieut ;
J A Cowan leg severe, sergt U C Miller hip, j
serg D A Danahoo hand, corpl M A Bmj-
hardt right th'ab amputated; privates A Dan
ahoo thigh, W V Fisher thigh severe, J C
Hyde arm severe, .J II Uoldsclaw hand, T N
Torrence faco, G A 'i'orrerce arm severe, D W
Hayner arm severe. S M McLaughlau thigh
and hand severe, S Overcash shoulder severe. ;
Missing, privates Win Raney ami R H Duke, j
Co C Killed, privates 0 P Arthers, J H j
Harkue, P Jacobs, Wm 1 reeman. Wounded,
lieut S A Ciaywell shoulder, contusion, ord'ly
sergt J C Turner loot by bayonet accidental,
sergt J A Holmes breast, corpl T A Shu
ford shoulder severe, corpl A L Summers
shoulder severe; privates M L Arthers hand
severe, S Houdron abdomen, since died, J F
Holmes side contusion, A F Lewis face severe,
G W Lock thigh severe, H L Lollar arm, P T
Miller hip severe, S L Wilson hand, A S
Mills' breat,G W White, heel, A C Yates ear.
Missing, sergt Wm M Adams.
Co D Killed, privates A Dicksou, and S
Waters. Wounded, capt T G Lee shoulder,
searg R W Hudgins leg, sergt John Pearsall
thumb shot off, corpl J J Ellis face severe,
privates D LHowel groin severe, W M' An
derson, arm severe, W Wiggs, shoulder severe,
T Myers neck, N Lee bowels, E Croonj heel,
E Rupard hand. Missing, private B John
son. Co E Killed, sergt R L Leggett, private?,
WWBoling, and j A Taylor. Wounded,
Lt S .) Litchfied hand aud contusion in leg,
Lt E Tripp arm severe, 1st sergt G A I -itch-field
shoulder, sergt W A Cutler head mortally
since died, corpl W R Cutrell side severe, pri
vates Joel Jackson head and face severe, B
Buck right band amputated, W C Morris leg
severe and captured, J Hawkins side.
Co F Killed, sergt J T Atkinson, corpl J
B Farmer, private H L Jackson. Wounded
Lt T B Stith bowels severe, eergt J H Marsh
bourne breast contusion, sergt J as Gay temple
severe, eorp J L Burton leg broken captured,
corpl W P Wooten thigh severe, corpl J H
Watson arm and thigh severe, privates Joel
Taylor arm severe, J B Woodward shoulder
severe, T O Knight arm severe side, E Flora,
neck severe, J G Winstead hand contusion, B
B Rhodes side.
Co G Killed corpl J H Hanes, privates,
J P Shive, E J Donthit, D E Blackwelder.
Wounded, corpl S A Kelly leg, Lt D J Smoot
leg amputated since died, privates J A Crau-
fiUarmsnd hand. PS Rosa arm severe, ill
xsavis uauu, o jx um, x Abuey buoui-
der, William Perry mortally 6ince died, K M
Williams hand, H A Wise shoulder severe, W
U Sheets arm, W R Moore hand severe, J II
Whitlock right hand amputated.
Co H Killed, corpl M F Walker, privates
S Chamberliu. and Wm For cum. Wounded,
ord D H Thomas arm sevare, sergt J G Powell
mortally since died, sergt A It Tomline foot
severe, corpl M L Kinder hand with bayou et
accidentally, severely, privates H C Alby
head, M Brown, Jas Michell foot severely,
Cader Parker aide severe, R R Morgan face,
T W Edwards temple, Wm Lambert leg, T
L Morgan thigh severe, H F R obi son tbigb,
A Madison bowels mortally, D W Money
left arm amputated. Jas York thish. Miss
ing, private H T Sprinkle. j
Co. I, Killed Privates Calvin Hackady and j
Abner Frevette. Wounded Ord serg. Jesse
Scott, finger amputated, aerg. H L Clayton,
wrist, corp. J W Selby, thumb amputated, corp.
J W Swindell, thigh severe, privates S Caton,
bald, EJ Daniels, hip, W A Johnson, side
severely, Wm Collet, finger shot off, J W Graves,
arm severe, Hoover, bath legs severs, J D
Oakly , arm severe. Missing Private C Foster.
Co. K, Killed Ord serg 0 Holshouser, pri
vates J L Fralye, P a Heileg. Woufidad Lt
M S Bean arm, corpl P A Brown leg vere, G
H Baasinger shoulder severe, F M Mills tlbov
contusion, D W Corl shoulder and foat, J T
Owens head mortally, J M Bean shoulder mor
tally, L Braddy shoalder severe, A FiiVdheim
foot, B E Crows!! hand severe, J A Glover hand,
Mieeiog Pi tTftteg J C Captr and V A'EUer '
publishing the Mhwin lint of casualties :
Wounded Col W 11 Cheek iH left shoul
der.
Co A Wounded, James Ray severely in
leg.
Co B Killed, corp S'ephen, Lissite, bu
gler Wm E Bry-n, private Mills J Powell.
Co D Wounded, private Albert Wright,
severely iu teg.
Co E Wonnded Capt Cad J Iredell, in
right bresat and arm, F A Hawks, in thigh
sevrelv, J .Bullock. J Sims and P W Green.
Kilt id, private C. Dicker m.
Co F Wounded, corp'ChasM Stitler in
side severe, privates W L Barrier severely iu
left arm, J W Dry iu thih.
Cj 1 Killed, crp B B Mereadv. and pri
vate A H Whaley. Wounded, W H Stetson
and Jno Smith.
Co K Killed, private D V Green. Wound
ed, W Kinsland, T Passmore, D Johnson.
Misfling. capt J C Blair, private G W Guy.
Recapitulation Killed 7, wounded 10,
rais'in? 2, total 25.
Eight Companies of the regiment were pres
ent, mounting 213 men and officers. We
captured tho guidon of the 1st Maino cavalry.
GEO. S.. DEWEY, Adjt.
Editors Confederate: Be kiud enough to
publish in vottr columns the following list of
Casualties in the 6Gih N. C.T., Martin's Bri
gade, in the engagements of the 16th, 18th
and. 20th of May, Col. A. D. Moore, Com
manding. Field and staff No casualties.
Compauy A, captain J W Latta, command
ing. Killed Privates Lewis Christman and
Sydney Browning. Wounded Sergts W J
Bartow leg S3verely, J D Whitaker leg se
verely, privates F Mangum hand, Wiley Teas
ley hip, Robert Cates side, Nathan Couch
breast dangerously, John Dannagan shoulder
severely, John Pool forehead, John T James
finger, Hillrnan Glenn face severely, S J Gar
rett thigh, Green Phips leg severely, Je.se
W James wrist. Ransom PooJ mortally since
dead, Thomas Whitaker body by shell, W H
Cardin hand severely.
Co B, Lieut Jas B Bunting, Commanding.
Killed private Thomas Bunting- Wouodcd
O O Stalling1 head and hand severely.
C3 C, Capt David S Davis, Coramandirg.
Killed None. Wonnded, sergt J Grant arm
severely, privates II B Smith spine danger
ously. H L Horn head dangerously, W J
Smith finger.
Co D, Capt W T Robertson. Commanding.
Killed Private E A Brock. Wounded
Capt W T Robertson side severely, privato
John Turner thigh, A Woodward groin, Jesse
Cameron hip.
Co E, Capt S S QuinerW, Commanding
Killed None. Wownded Privates P Boon
head dangerously, Jos CVX side.
Co F, Capt W J Rasberry, Commanding.
Killed None. Wounded Sergent Stauley
arm severely, privates C Gooding shoulder
severely, W Bowen arm severely, W Lyons
arm, John Simmons jaw severely, James
Wcatherington leg.
Co G, Capt E G Black mer. Commanding.
Killed Privato Samuel Spats. Wouudod
Private G W Garner hip.
Go's H and I are not given by our corres
pondent Ed ft.
CoK Lieut Jno I Massy commanding.
Killed, none. Wounded, liaot .Inn I Misscy
shou'der dangerously, privates tl Creech thigh,
D J P'ice tinker.
Tuui number kil'ed, o. Total wounded, 87.
This regiment with the other two of Mar
tin's brigade (l7th avid 42nd) were the first
troops to reach tho enemy's works in the
charge of the 20th inst, and behaved
with such conspicuous gall intry ou tbo occa
sion as to win a most nattering notice of their
services from our division commander, Gen R
F Hoko.
This statement 1 desire you to publish,
Messrs. Editors, inasmuch as a Virgioa brigade
supporting us 300 yards in our rear, have at
tempted to appropriate those laurels which
were so nobly wou by our ow n troops (North
Carolinians) and to whom the honor of tho
victory gained at Howlett's farm ou the 20th
inst., so justly belongs.
J. Stuart Akmiitead, Ju.
1st Lieut, and Adj't 66th N. C. T.
.
North Carolina In the Recent Battles.
Messrs. Editors: I enclose the following
extracts from a letter from an officer in Gen,
Lane's brigade, in relation to the gallantry of
certain North Carolina officers in the recent
battles. These noble men are making a name
for themselves which will ever live in the
hearts of their couutrymen. Well may tho
heart of the "Old North" swell with pride at
tho mention of their deeds of noble daring.
After speaking of the bloody battle-field,
the noble dead and ghastly wounded, and ac
knowledging the gracious haud of Providence
in shielding bira from harm, he saya:
"Yesterday (May 12th) was the hardest
fight of all. At 5 a. m., tho enemy charged
and broke Stuart's brigade on the left of our
brigade, and near the centre of our army lines.
They poured iu the breastworks aud gave our
brigade- a raking, enfilading fire, enough to
cause the bravest and best disciplined to break;
but they stood as Gen. Lane commanded them,
until the enemy bad approached nearer, when
the command was given to charge, and the
works were to-captured. From then till
night, the battle raged furiously along the
wkolc lines, nnd 'hi mnrnijj- uraKM f.ha
same. lines, with the yaokee army still ia our
front, It is about 11 o'clock, and no fighting
yet. Geo. Lane, though in the
thickest of the battle all the while, ia not
scratched. Capt. E J. Hale is unhurt, but
I regret very much to write you that Lieut.
Lane, A. D. C, had his left leg shot off below
the knee and a part of hi right foot shot
away. He is cheerful and doing as well as
could bo expected this morning under the cir
cumstances. Col. A. C Avery of the 33rd,
is I fear, mortally wounded right thigh and
left arm badly broken. Lt Col. Wm Lee
Davidson of the 7th, missing supposed to be
killed. Cel. William M. Barbour, of the 37th,
missing some say killed, some" say a prisoner.
There i9 now only one full Colonel (John D.
Barry of the 18th,) left with the brigade.
Col. Barbour was captured yesterday evening
in a charge that oar brigade made, in which .
we captured ono battery of five guns, one
Colonel, over four hundred prisoners and four
stand of colors. Three of the colors were
taken by the 37th Regiment, and one by Lt.
Octavius A. Wiggins. Lt. W. also took one
of the finest swords I ever saw,
Capt William T Nicholson had charge of
the Sharp-shooters of the brigade, aad located .
the position of the enemy first spoken of, that
was charged. It waa a. hazardous undertak
ing. Gen. Lee called upon Maj. Gen. Wilcox
for a man what would do the work, and Capt.
Nicholson was assigned. When he started,
Geo. Lee said to him, "Captain, I am sending
you on a dangerous excursion, tad I ' lea? e it
lo your "accretion whether to go or not ; but
tb.r f;ito oi my ;nnv b'cnds upon it, nnd Icr
O.Ps ssik d --i'i lc ny tiui' " "T will go
(Jenerd, sui i t'ne C-nin.T So mounting the
w.rks, hr ui .it u p i,tii( i htly u-ar tloen-my
t abt'cititin tln-ir xaei pwition, returned, and
rj rted in person to the commanding Gene
ral. Ojt brigade was then ordered to flank
them, which was most h mdsomelv done, mak
ing the enemy abindon an advantageous po
sition which h hnd secured on another part
of the field. The object was acco-np'isHhod,
and we returned to our original position which
wh still h.!d."
Cpt. Nicholson, mentioned above, is a son' of
Thomas W. Nicholson, of Halifax county. He
praJuited with distinction at the Uuitersity of
this State in lS'iO, and during hia senior yar
was one of tb editors of the University Maga
zine. He is a most g!bint ctfii-r, and Is said
to be the best Judge Aito;ate in the army of
Virginia. He lias title 1 t ie position of Judge
Advocate iu Gen. Wilcox' Division Court for
nearly a year. I sincertly rezret to learn that
since the above letter was written, he has been
wounded iu the shoulder by a piece of shell.
Lieut. Octavius A. Wiggins, is also fiora
Htlifax county, and is a son of Mason L.
Wiggins, Kq ., well and fivnrably known as
Senator from that county in the State Legisla
ture. I learn that in order to get possession of
the Hig mentioned above, he was compelled to
Kke a foot race with tho Yankee entigu. Young
Wiggins was too fleet for him, and secured the
pi iie. Lieut. W.. has since the above occurrence,
been wounded iu the thigh. Warren.
Editors of the Confederate; Tin contrast
betweou a storm, and calm h n .where seen
and felt move than ou the buik'-Ii H. I am
now writing on the edge of tho s xmc of battle
fought recently betweeu Siegel and Breckiu
ridgr. to bo called, I suppose, th: battle of
XT -US l.-m ritl . - .... .
j.ytw inuiKci. i no town or Piew Market is.
in the couuty of Bhcuandoah, on the valley
turnpike, 43 miles' north of Su'uutou and
about 70 miles south of Winchester.
U was announced that Siegel had occupied
Winchester with 6,000 men. This was the
signal for the army of the vail y to buckle on
their armor. Siegel had advanced but a short
distance from Winchester, when Imboden's
troops, together with the ranger companies
located here, commenced annoying him. As
the Confederates were greatly outnumbered by
Siegel's forces, they of course avoided a pitch
battle until riiey had drawn .the enemy as
high up as New Market. Here Imboden was
reinforced by Gen. Breckinridge, wheu a
very bhody battle ensued ; small cum pared
with the gigantic movement on the Rapid
Ann, but long to be remembered by the in
habitants of this country, and far longer by
the unfortunate victims -who bit the dust that
day.
ThcFederal& had driven Itnbbt'QU back
for a day or two, unfil Thursday, when
Breckenridge came in sight a little south of
New iMarket. Here for the first time Siegel
became aware of Breckinridge's whereabouts;
and a retreat of course was hia only alterna
tive ; but how to accomplish a retreat, was
his great concern. The Shenandoah lay in
Siegel's rear about five miles, lie must cross
this river and burn tho bridge : and to do t'ds
required a conflict of the most severe kind.
Dining most of the day the battle raged hotly;
the very earth seemed to shake under the roar
of artillery. Siegel gradually moved towards
the river, and boing far superior in artillery
force, ho crowed the river under heavy fire,
burnt the bridge in his rear, and retreated in
the direction of Winchester ; . though it is
ftited he is returning. Breckinridge being
Imbodcn's superior in rank, commanded iu
person. The Cadets of the Virginia Military
Institute were on the field, and I heard Gen.
Breckenridgo speak of their bravery in tho
very hihe st terms. Seven of their number
were kiiled and fourteen were wounded.
The Confederate mortality is said to reach
forty. The wonnded auJ missing amount to
five or .six hundred. The Federal loss is of
course unknown ; one hundred and fourteen
were buried at New Market after tho battle
was over ; forty four wounded are within gun
shot of me cow, aud their ambulance train
was a quarter to a half mile long. Thdr loss
in prisoners will probably reach four hundred.
Their loss is probably one thousand men, four
pieces, and a large number of horses &c,
Now that the battle is oyer, the two armies
gouc, and the dead buried, all is still as death,
frave the occasional appearance of a man or
two on horseback coming to see thp field.
He finds it strewn with lifeless horses, bomb
shells, torn clothes, broken canteens. Pools of
blood hero and there, and the deep tracks of
hoofs and wheels, are all that remaiu; and
the sun seems to shine with sickly light upon
this scene of carnage. Aud as I walk amoo
the wards of tho two hospitals, northern and
southern; and as I see the eyes of one and anoth
er close in death ; as I look upon the victims of
cruel war, who are doomed to pass through
the remainder o f li fe with .the loss of a leg, or
an arm, or an eye, and as my heart follows
the mail and the telegraph borne to those who
arc to shriek at the announcement of the death
of fathers, sons and brothers slain and lost to
them ; aud theu remember that what I see
and feel here, is not a titbc of what has trans
pired elsewhere over our broad unhappy land,
most truly can I offer the prayer of tho ex
cellent Bishop of the Diocese of North Caro
lina to the King of Nations, "Give us a speedy,
au hjoDorable, and a lasting peace "
VIATOR.
CAN I DATE FOB TOE LEGISLATURE.
THllIMKR W. GRKEX. Co. E, 1st K. C.
JL uavairy, respectfully otters his services to
represent the people of Warren county in the
Bouse of Commons of the next Legislature.
Election first Thurbday is August.
ntcy -itftfrtiit
I RUNAWAY SLAVE.
TAKEN up and committed to the jail of Guil
ford county, some time back, as a runaway
slave, and who call himaelf JOHV, and vara he
belongs to Mr. John Dancy, in Tarboro', Edge
comb county, S. C. lie is' black complected, five
feet eight inches high, looks to be about 22 years
old ; will weigh about 145 lbs. De gays be was
hired out ia the western part of X. C, when ho
ran aw ay. He says he thinks he ranaway last Au
gust. Ills clothes worn out and he nearly naked.
The owner of sid boy is reqested to come for
ward, prove property, pay charges, and take
him away, or he will be dealt with as the law di
rects. C. A. BOON,
Sheriff of Guilford county.
May 16, 1SS4 w-17 tf .
TO the Voters of Chatham County, and
my Fellow-Citizens of the Army. iiaviug
received many solicitations' from my friends I an
aoanee myself a candidate to represent you in the
House of Commons of the next Legislature of
North Carolraa.
My principles and views are well known to my
personal friends. I am in favor of laying plans
and making proposals and offering propositions
for peace, as long as it is consistent with our hon
or, to obtain an honorable peace. I want an hon
orable, a just and an everlasting peace, as firm as
the eternal hills, and as substantial as the ancient
tombs of Asia. I want a throughticket for peace,
on the express, double-quick time. If you elect
me Mone of -your representatives, my voice shall
be heard in the Legislative Hall in pleading for
peaee. I shall vote for the man for Governor that I
believe is the strongest for an honorable peaee and
for Bute Eights, and that is all that I aek Sf you.
Vote for the men that you believe will make the
greatest effort for peace.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
92-d2ilt J. C. KIRKMAN.
n,
''
'0
V
I10UI
'-' f )1)
3 5)
3 to
:t h
: oo
1 r,
- H
'i A)
)')
3 00
'"I
01)
j
r.f
:a
7i
10 Of)
H)
7 H
1
i :s
1 2:,
1 2:,
;
1 25
u
2
1
1
I
o
I
t
o
1
o
1
1
3
u
o
mm
I
mm
G
3
1
1
1
on
CO
;
CJ
25
50
00
f0
V)
()
"i
70
)
."
00
;)
'J
'')
V)
(")
7
;t
u
00
THK SOETII VICTflaiOLS !
NEW BOOKS ! NEW BOOKS j .
vOn l'ublicsthHis.)
Mvrtlo f.e4Vi?B. h'ii rm. n
1 r i vuc press
S-nsr.i of L're un-1 laoet ty
Priruirv Geojrraphy
Yorki Enzlih (iratnmir,
First Bxk in Compaction,
Hill's Poems, f-eeond eiitiu.
Morvon and bind
Dixie Primer, pictorial third coition
Kirst Dixie Rea-itr, '
The I)iie Spelling Hork in prese,
Johnson's School Arithmetic in press
The Jack. Morgan Sontrstfr in press '
Elemotrv JSpellinjr Dock ia prcw
aCT One third off to the trade.
s t f ....
me louowinjr isooks are published at.
NOVELS.
Ladv Audlej's Secret,
Dicken's Last Novel,
Iiooert and Harold,
Eleanor's Victory,
Ls Uiierables Fnotinc,
" Marius,
44 St. Dens!,
" " Jean Valjcaa,
The Bohemian,
IUil and Romance of Morgan and ln
Field and Fireside Novelette, '
The Confederate A Romantic Esssr,
Silas Marner,
The Battle of th Bard
SCHOOL BOOKS. "
Uuntcn's Piano Forto Instructor,
Lander 'n Arithmetsc,
Bingham's Lttin Grammar,
Primary Oeoraphr,
York'Enirlifh Grammar,
First Book in Composition,
Dixie Primer, Pictorial, third editiou.
First Dixie Reader,
Wesley an CatochLsui, So. 1,
Wcslevan Catechim, No. 2,
Caper' Catechism,
Sermon Catechfcm,
Biblical Catechism, by Lansdell.
MILITARY WOKK3.
Gilliam's Manual,
Army Regulations,
Evolutions of tho Line,
W heeler's Cavalry,
Napoleon's Maxims of War,
Bayonet Excrciio aud Skirmish Drill,
The Volunteer's Hand-book,
School of the Guides,
General Orders,
Warren's Surgery, bv Dr. Warren,
Volunteer's Field and Camp Book,
MISCELLANEOUS BOOKS.
The War and iu Heroes, Illustrated,
Myrtle Leaves, '
Hill's roems,
Southern Model Leter Writer,
Morven auJ Linda,
Rival AJruiuistrutlms,
Scriptural Views of National Trial,
Romantic Passages in S. W. History,
The Camp Jester,
Diary of the War,
The Seige of Vicksburg,
The Suuday School Bell,
The SaUb.ith School Wreath,
Plowing and Ditching,
Fun for the Camp,
Campaign from Texas to Maryland,
Neeley's Discourses,
Dr. Doems Sermon?,
The Age A New Monthly,
Southern Literary Messenger,
Map of the Confederate St ites,
Bombardment of VIckbburg, Engraving,
Dr. Deems' Portrait,
Soldier Boy Songster,
Songs of Love aud Liberty,
General Jackson's Portrait,
Bonnie Blue Flag Song Book,
Cottou Field Mclodie,
Hebel Songster,
Confederate Flag Songster,
Stonewall Song Biok.
Si. B. Ilioi-o ordering books by mail should
send an extra ten cents on the doll-ir, for po.
tage. BRANSON & FARRAR,
May 4-tf lUleigh. C.
0 REWARD.
RANAWAY FROM THE SUBSCRIBER ON'
the Uth of February, a NEQRO WOMAN.
Said woman h about 30 years of age, complexity
black, height 5 lVct four inches, and has loot Jier
right breast by a cancer. Suppose sbo is try
ing to pass herrlf ofF us a free woman in Iht
neighborhood of Knap of Reeds, or Tally 1L,
Granville county, N. C. The bove reward will U
paid for her delivery to me or confinement in jd.t
so tharl can get her. S.UtAII K. ROSS,
ap 1 57-w4t Durham Station, N. C.
1 TATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, CAB AUK FT
OCounty, Court of Pleas and Quarter Scwnn.',
April Term, 1861.
M. M. Misenheiraer, adm'r
of D. C. Wilhclm, Petition to sell lanH.
is. i
A. M. Wilhelm A others, )
. It appearing to tho satisfaction of tho Court
that Georgo Logan and wife N'ancv, and A. M.
Wilhelm are not inhabitants of this State, rt. i
ordered by th Court that publication bo mad
for six weeks in the Weekly Confederate for paid
defendants to appear at the next term of thit
court, to be held for the county of Cabarrus, t
the court house in Concord on the third Monday
inJulr next, and show caase if any they have-,
why the lands described in the petition should n' t
be sold according to the prayers of the petition.
Witness, Jogeph Young. Clerk of our said Court
at otbee in Concord, the third Monday in April,
A. D. 18G4. JOSEPH JO UNO, Clerk.
ma 4-w6t pr. avd. $36.
Office or Chief Quartermaster. Ralrl;'t,
February 17th 1864. Proposals will be re
ceived at this office until the 28th inst., for tL?
manniaetui c of Oil from the Tithe Pea Nuts.
Proposals must state tbe price per gallon for
oil produced; as tbe Government will require
tbo total produce of oil as well as oilcake.
W. W. PEIRCE.
2&-d3t&w3t Mai. and Chief Q. tf .
lO Wilmington Journal, Tayettevllle Ob r
ver, Raleigh Standard and Petersburg Register,
copy 3 times and send bill to llaj. Peirce.
Lead Mine Interest for Sale.
I AM DISPOSED TO SELL MY INTEREST
intbeWYTUB UNION LEAD MINE COM
PANY, notwithstanding tbe property is tboubt
to pay a heavy per centum to the stockholder?,
t in , ,r rital raaiMtbe prop
erty. Mr. Wm. Kobler, tbe agent, will give a!!
the necessary information, or they can call at'
see me at Hickory Grove or Poplar Camp, ia
Wytbe countv, Va.
mh 28-52-dit-w4t A. N. CHAFFIN.
COMflmED "
TO THE JAIL OE WAKE COUNTY. AS A
runaway, on tbe 5th of May, a negro wo
man, who eays her name is SALLY BRYANT,
and that she wis raised in Jones county, by Jo.
Finch. She bad on when committed a red cot
ton dress. She is about 25 years old, 5 feet 2 inch
es high, slender, color black, two upper front
teeth out, and rather slow spoken. The owner
of said negro is requested to eome forward, pro a
property, pay charges and take her away, or aba
will be dealt with as the law direct.
W. H. HIGH, Sherif.
92-dlUwtf m
Notice. Taken up and committed to
tbe Jail of Cacawba, a dark NEGRO tu"
about fiftv years of age. 'Said negro says,bis nau
is PLEASANT, and that he is tbe property of
Hugh Carlvle and Geo.. Henderson of Georgia-
A. J.HELTEN, Jailor.
Newton N. C. April 13th 186 1. ap. 20 12-w6a
HIDES, niDES.
HAVING OBTAINED THE SERVICES u
Mr. Woodward, ono of the beet TanntrJ ia
the Confederate States, I am now reaiy and re
ceiving HIDES to Tan on Sbres. I tan fr
one-half, and sell my share to owners, (exeep
peculators) at one dollar pr pound, or for on
third and sell as I choose. Tanning done for in
digent soldier' lamiii free eWga-
re-tan aad finish leather for the government cr u
dividuala on reasonable Urms. Peraona wlWPf
Uformatlon art leferred to the aditors oft"
Confederate. J . ROBT. JEFFREYS
ap 1 57-dWAw4w