THE CONFEDERATE.
SkfUhToI i Speech of lien. W. C. BiYft,
; Ucutt of torn:", on tte Cr-reary-'
Afl, D'x Vjth- 18G4"
Mr Rives M;d he desired express with
allMTbity. a few general tb-ghu
en tne important i-iii -lur tue .He
sh,nid rot, initd o tue icsbU Mate of L.s
health, have atrcmpttd to occupy the atten
tion of lloue a all, but tor the deep con v c
tioahc iellthat no quetii is mort viUl'y
connected with the Mnce ci the great 6traS- .
2le in which we are sst. -Jbl
wanted for di.ccon. All th efforts to-o
forward with the sacred contest tor the liber
ties and Independent of. the court ryn.ii.t be
struck t,ith paralj- - -Wcef Ml soim
tbinge not done, aid prompt y -t.d tin
ciertly dow, to Trait e viue to t'c enrremy.
Thank to the notfe j,irii f p.tnoa-iu a-.d
-oUMers we cau find mea to oiler up H eir
liTW in difrnee U iLeircuulry wituait pay;
for the pittance they receive in not deserve
the name ot pa. and certainly forma -no
rut of the had. wed inducement ..f their gal
lant aud patriotic s-rvicc. lint W r:dr
th-f services rti:iit " h i'V I. ru.y
must be fed amict n.cl at.d ainred. ioeec
costlrawJ indewtnab.e supple are
..Mai'tied or.lv with w.r( -x r representa
tive The cocrrowus now gveu h ,r
them in adip.eciatcd a;.d M.d drpyciayi'S
carreircv, musf surpa th- ahiV.y of any
r.-untrv, however wt-aUhy ar.u prospero!-, tJ
. bear. W i this all. Unlets c hA- vme
medium of ical value to offer in exchange tr
tDem.thebuppIicA wHl no longe: te produc
ed in ihe qunntius nticsary for the wants .t
the army. We ha all seen how ttiwh the
practice cf impr-,.:.e.t lu-s diagei
production throughout t!.c c- .iry. If totbis
be added a pro-rrssivc kuu iml united depre
ciation in the value oi the currency, whicu
forma tLe sole medium of payment, the ihVU
ou production must beiuiiious ad latal.
The g.eat, the erring, the euprcii neoMty
of oursituatkn, tLertfoi, s .a reioiin w?.-h?
turrercy. It i that wooout which t
thiD he he woi?e !h' i-Itss I a.
the evil leien tdd by voluntary aud tu v y
ai-d judicious a.ttv uu -i-c
erLinent.it will, in the txpiesiveIai:ouag ..I
the Stcreiarv ui the Tm.;n , inf-hd y "icc
lify itself by a ric leirt. .ai.d t'liastrors c.nvul
Bion," involving thr w hale .syteru .f our na
tionaUxistence, our liberties, cur i&.tepeu
dence, cur pre pu ties, cur ui!,ia uce wtdc.and
irretricTah'e rmu. m t
- The great practical inquiry, thfii,
- whatn.eax s thw viul rf I'auation of the cur-,
rency is to ho elected'.' Tue rcductiou of its
amount, the nxlion of a maximum lin;U
which it bhall, iu iu event, bo permitted t
irux.fcceid, nre uVdo'ihttcly cs?rtnu.u aud oT1"
ouh conditions of any p'.w oi rei'ir:i. But
U.-e !o;ic .ot Min.-i i !. The chief de
tideratuiu is to re-insp;ie pua ic Ci-ubd-ncc m
the ultimate payuitni. oi iti; "!. 11."'"
governnvent wiii!i iu.t fvrms iie actu.d
currency of the country. And heie was the -unfortunate
mistake of our pruiccessurs, tho
lateCo3i:ie, whose fcoMnes a:.d energy and
wisdom in other re.-pcc!, t?j.eciaily m the
rcauanimous rf'luih-n with whih they
called ftT.h the rei-t urces of the coi'.r.try, at a
most exigent moment, by the salutary vigc
of the conscription and tax lnv, have-justly
won for them Ue gratitude a::d apphtusr; ot the
coantrv. To those i at acis oi courageous
patriotism, h t. Uives said he had reiser, d,
and would always render the homage of his
pincereand ui-qualith-d admiration.
But, iu acting on the dehcate actl uiuicu.t
question of the- turft i.cy, tl ry e ra to have
relied on to txc usivc an appi:cati..u oi? the
ordii-ary law of ccintiieui.d vIiu;. whicu
Test ects the reiatiou ot deu.ai.I ai.d supply ;
and,' in their tsjrttts to rudi.ee the, voiuns
ol circulation, iutlicted a struus blow.ou tho
public credit hv tummaiily u-.arding anl
striking out of cxiste ce, withe ut pmcni,
one-third of the - cbligations cf.tha Govera
meut txi ting io the lorm oi outstauou.g
treasury notes. The c ii.Mquence has4een
that, notwithstanding 'ho 1-r-e reduction m
the amount of the Lotcs m cji-culaici, the
depreciation ef thvif current value h con-
l Mn irf-ri sd f.J li la Slid iu-
crcat.np Such is the inevitable tC ct Upou
the public credit of any dep. iture Irom th
plighted faith cf the Kovenu.ti.t, lioertr
fjxiious the arrfnmetit which may be ad
duced to justify r excuse it.
Mr Hires said he did ixt wih to be un
dervtocd as yisitinir with the har?lmtssf ie
proacb what he had aUvns .rcga idea, ard
could not hut still regard, ' au unumunate
errrof the late Cc i gre-s. He w. II knew
the extreme uncertainty "ot U speculatiots a
priori with rcsptct to queeiioi.s oi t'.is char
acter, ard the impe tt dity of applyu g to
tliem any inialUble criterion of truth. It was
the remark of a great wiitcr one who. by
his early speculations uu fcul-jects i t that
itf may Ve said to have laid the fc undaik n
cf the oudetu science of political economy
- that in-questions of trade vml ti nance, i.cron
ings atrio f, especiavy when, they re refined
and embrace aion.chiin -of consequence,
are art to lead to false conclusions in pracuce.
Somethins,'V heay, " is &ure to produce
an event different liom what was expect-
Bearing in mind thut mi.creni iiauiuij to
- error in dcalicg with questions hi intrirate
and complex, Mr. ttives Fari he wus far from
animadverting in any censorious spirst, on tne
action of the laie Corgres.s which had, at tue
time, the sanction of eome of the n.ot en
liohtened rpiek-ns of - the Gor.fdrcy. it
was his 6rm conviction, lowc' tn ;ts
well as now, that very injurious cc u --V-'"r
must inevitably follow ny attempt to caic
the notes of the Government. He bad not
the honor then of being a mcml er of . Con
gress bet being iu exn-muuication, either
personally or by letter, with, eeveral leading
members of tie body, he took the liberty of
frotly and earnestly exprefcmg to them ti
upiniots, for the little tbey weie worth, in
opposition to the contemplated measure. I he
honorable gentleman from South Carolina,
' (Mr. Boyce,) who was the chairman of the.
committee raised on that cccaeu o, may, per
- bar recol cct that he had taken the liberty
of writing to him cn the subject ;rd another
hctombk gentlemau, (Mr. Conrad ef Low-,
iana,) may also, jrobab4y, teca 1 theearcest
nesa with which he had stated his jptiuii
to the measure in a conversation with him af
the huuse of a common friend in this city.
Mr. Rives said be bad no claim to any pe
culiar sagacity in these opinions. It had been
his lot t he ecgaged, .for seme tie patt, in
historical inquiries corrected with an early
period of the Government of this country,
Ufh before and after the adoption of the Con
stitution of 1788. And it was impossible for
, ny one, who had .bemcupiin "search
a .hscrgard Of the
'Wto f 5i?in dna malt crsev us I
ether, wi.h the miglcal return of !
!andth insuntoonr r?iva! of j.ub i-i-,rifate
credit, which f . aowed ponct.io- s
con piiance with thenati. i at V
I after the adoption pf the Cunatitutwn. ? l.e
I wVh quito s::re that a. y other r .1 1 the
b )dy .whose fortUi.e mht Lave be eu to
t"5ow-would hare derivcdlrom mem the
giaocs, wow , xa .hewme-cou
pameimpresbioiia -a.i-
SjTt was, however, that in the cxcy ci
a -reat crises, and with t! roM parotic in
a0reaitn , Consfrerf, with a
tention,uouuw, , .,, cur.
vw to more japo ,cuu.v- - -
r-nry. by wnicn means i; i
was left in circulation, t tne exam,, e o. ex-tinnihin-
without payment, ui, in ether
K&utihj! or.ePthird of the circling
mof the Government then ouatdinj.
TLfc -Hve s rude a toitee pubno coob-
i c avi exited tiiuc4i distroft a t trie
redemptn of any portion the circulation.
tUtX depreciauon has gone on iref.og
hand In hand with the .e-Jucnoi. of the
8rcumedv plaWjJrd'otedby this
Of thing.. y meaajor o her o e-
1 . v,t m e-fCuUtlofr. Atter
fiiCUl of i-oi
I
Uoption of the Caution, amoun Ita
x)ui eighty to a builrcdfnilhoos of Ursr
ben a icy Urge sum, compared with tho
; .pulation n.! underetoped resMurces of the
iuntry-naA greatly depreciated on tb
jumij -i ..rA,t m t.mvidn for them
,tder flie articles of confederation and had
een bght uP? for che m.t part, bf f pecu
ators at the rate cf three or four sm nugs in
'Oortb first ard most delicate question
bat arose after the ade y tion of the constitution
,av what wa- b. oe doue wifi regard to tue
i nitiation -of thisdeV? Tere were tne
X contended that, a, the" -w.,.t h
; ..inly held by speculators who "bad a; quired
for xih or seventh ot .t.
i ..f ho i-Qiii .o ineui i iuu. wi"
rets. b. anoverw
entirely bereft. Ia tlo moment of the ex
plosion of th continental currcnay, they re-ccrr-d
to tb'xnagnanimoui aid of a. genroui
and powerful ally wnich never failed; them,
and obtained rev lans. which supphed the
place of the expired currency,' and with the
larae exoeouimres in specie fur thefuppuit of
.1.7- uo i t Rome measure, an
inflated citation It wonM be ao unhap
py and daoerous delusion, t!erefor , ir from
the final triumph of or rtyclutionary - ances
...;.ut!..io- th rontinn"u opre-
ciatiow and ultimate extdosioj uf the ccnti-
I . i . frro.'l lf At We.
rental enrrccy, u er , .
too, m this i.ptot so diflorently Btuatcd.
couli safely encounter and surmount a lite
fearful catastrophe .
i ,,x ne n-si nf this
i k fr r rnan k m:i u i lie "
that it sh.,ulU be pnu io i a - ,.artf tft i,f8tllW fwne attentioi
AUiUwVi
.n f.w Vh.ilar. The only nta-
1 v'e eWr.ee of opini-n that arose wa .upon
! n proSiti oi Mr. Mad son, who he.d tbat
n P??.,:,, -as bound to pay aud ought
1 :?y er7dlUr borne on the fac. of the
' .'eriicate.-but, where practicable, ihg py--m-ut
he tVuht. huM - divided between
i original hCl ier ami n.emorious earner oi
' (xrHfica-e. and the su qu, ni pur.na.ei--!
.he latter be allowed ib ht V$1
' the market for the puh.ic
e-idue of the sum doe-to be p-io t4J "ieV.
T -creditor. Notwitha5 -oh the benevolent
! ;l peuaHve conrtdeiatiou whtcn , wcmi-
;tnded U e proposition, a.d u e rare , irque. ee
"cu .. . '-. t. ... hv- the movtr.it
i r u ruiui'. v
j .bat has happened, this cfoot be U,ne ny
LrV cPCr.al legialarive declaration,, or by a
a-.v K-;" - f . br .jhu '1 here
must be some ,Fecificr prac.ical, f
curitv given for the redemption of the notes.
T he Secretary of the TreaMtry propose, and
Committee of Ways .nd Meat s heveie-.
ported the bill on your -uble. to set a par f-r
his purpose the - tithes now-received bj tne
GovePrnrrPtut of the three great f coj
ton.coin ad when'; to contianc t..e co. e.
.' r t,.. itK.s after the war until t..e
whole of the Vea--ry notes in circulation
shall bayebeenrredeen.ed with their.; and, in
the rnear.time, to allow the h Mers of irea,
ury n-tes to exchange tbeir notes for certifi
cates eutiilins then, to receive paymibt n
the tithes so pet apan, iu .o....;
! norttfus ci eacn, m
pe'riids the eaid certificates to bear an mj-r
o
' i -i V,- niirnn In I hem. U!:u
absolutely neccesary to bestow aume attention
on'ibac branch ot the subject. No question
in the origin of. the Government raa mora
fullv considered, or more ably discussed than
the proper institution ot the J
parVncut. It wn at last de ermned by He
wisoard exoerienced mm, who hi ed th3
'scats of the Hr.-t Congr. s alter the adoptio
of the Constitution. th.a the superint.uoinice
of the Derartm.nts4K.uld bs c-nuded to a
nn.de head, whre' duy it hoiild ba to
-r-Tgeai and prepare plans for the improve
C .-.j '.mc. r.f ti-.H revenue, and
r . ,n riih in creait-: io
ori.ai-.i i ..-ither branch the legislature
.' .....i-.r ry all matters reurred to him, or
which shall appenaiu . w- ,
, . .11 . nh enrvli-fK. relative V
i .
1 r"j ,J lv 7b. .. .-Uri.fi i..i-y. 1 rXto .S ll" . to
i 1 J" .rms nemav hay bt-come pe-seesed iorrn.. . j.flriment evident-
nr.a'uci i i jg crgauia v i"-- f j
ly proceeded upon the idea of the great u-iAtaa-
of hnving one leading, mind familiar
nCi!T;nstrctiye to look back to the able re-
r c,a frf the Treasury oi that
vantage of having one leading, mind familiar
with and aocustorcca ' 4..r..
" . , . 91 five
flume's PhilcsopV ical and Political Ej
I F . e to miile E$?TCuab.
and, at the option of the bolder, receirafce m
' . .. r.r ,.,a;.v ir.Tr n kind to
t imi nt tne coireepvuviir -
which he may Te subjected. Jo tue linnl-
ment of all these provLstons, tlx faith of the
'Confederacy :3 solemnly and lasmutahly--
pledged by the bill. '
ItjvouMbe an act of temerity on hi part,-
afier What he had already said as to the in
herent uncertainty of all ppeeolatior.b b-fore-
hand on-suDjects oi iu:? n. v
confident opir iQn a. to.the efficacy of the ro-
i in TMrjrtiror a stable vasUC tO
the existiwi; currency. lie couli not, however,
but enteriain stiong h-pos of a Urjre me-ure
of success from it. - 1 he Secretary of tha
T.casury, 'who has been exte-sively -and
praciicaiiy tumcisaLi ......
character, tells us that!.after the most careful
investigation," be firmly believes a sure ap
preciation ol tr.e cunuuoj u.j i- ....w-v......
expected from it." It has received the fuvor
able and unanimous juimcui u.
mittee on Finance, and it is a remarkable-circumstance
that in the discussion winch has
takcu place in this House down to the present
time, the opponents ef the measure, vrMh a
Mncrle exception, have objected to it as giving
to The currency a value even beyond the specie
t.a.nd&r J.
That, Mr. Kives ?id, was not amog his
fears. He hoped for a sensible approxima
tion to the gtneral;y eknowieeig- a muhu
of exchange valuable, hut he certunly appro
bended, no transgns.on bejoud it. In
tneasdie wa in the tight .drection ; it proceed--i
t rin.-inle a iaiihlul aca
i honest iTort to keep the public engagements;
. . . . l c ... .1 t .. r-f.nnlrv Tit
and it mlht vel oc iuuru yj
reat national welth a-d resources, iu. the
constrained alienee, of the precious me-tais,
would be able, by a str'ci adherence to the
obligations of gwl iaith und integrity, to
f.,ui?d-a stable currency for its own uses
uton the pledge of the annual produce of its
soil and industry, for which there is an un:-
. i ...1 Tt n-irtht tav tn
Vtfrwl and ccu.-taLi .nemauu.
its-creditors, after a great and holy cximp.-.
"Silver and gold-hive 1 none, but tuch as I
have, give I thee."
It is objected. hovvevr, that, admitting the
appreciation of tLe curtency to he the p-ob-
r.f thp measure n w pro-
t,nsed,that appicciatnn would not euute to
the her fit oi the Government, or U WiC mote
meritoiicua classes of 'the community, but
would fall to the lot of the speculate anu
i Thic ?.Ir Rive aid was
undoubtedly a great tnittake. The Govern
ment, from the receipt of taxes and the pro
ceeds ot the public loaus, was much thebagest
holder of Treasury notes, and also the largest
purchaser in the market of supplies o, various
I kinds, needed tor the army. ln both ca
i ; ,i.i r;n hv far the b'.rac5t
benelii from the appreciation of the eurraucy,
aud the corresponding fail of prices.
At the same time all the middle classes of
society the small farmers and.mech mics who
live on,th wages oi"4hetr skill and mdu-try,
t,. L-n their hard and Invest
! earniugs iu the currency ol the day by luem,
i iu order to mp'piy their daily .wants the
I it j i.:., f ; ! r whn rpcpiveiii lieasn-
soiuier aua i . " . r -. ,
ry notes their small pittance, tho price t 'he
i..;,'.!. nut tur the deteoce
( OIOOU U lawva "j
1 of the country all these numerous and rart
j meritorious classes , of society would be par
I takers with the Government in the be neb ;s
! resulting (reman appreciation of the currency
j and the fair of prices. The speculator and
i capiutU, "who hasten to invest their current
iunds as fast as they receive them, in the pur
l chase of ther property, either for an expected
1 profit or for greater security thee are the
I classes ieasi iwiereau iu """"-
wus ; uodfroui some .cf thcin we sometimes
i . . .i tK distress, as tbey
near inc j . -
call ivwhich would fallow too sucden and
rapid a tall of pi ices! ' .
But even if all tbi were ctherwise, and
some of the classes who are held up to public
odium wei e to be benefitted by it, it would form
be jutt or solid ob ectios to the measure. I he
. - mftTilitv and an rn-
I true priHciuic oi j
1 lightened puD.ic policy is, that the government
should laitniOiiy ptnuou K-r, - -
no matter who gains or loses. On this bub
iect tie may derive a lesson of great moment
trora thexonduct and txamble of the wise and
virtuous men who administered the govern-
mentot tne union iu co. r--. r
brightcsr period when Washington was
President, Jefferson Secretary of State, Ham
ilton Secretary of Treasury, acd Madton and
Richard Henry Leewtth their illnstricns com
peers from other State, leaders m tt e one
and olher branch of Congress. The ccrt.n
cates of the debt of the Revolution, which sur
. .1 . i ,r nf tht Cnnticenial
vivea me geucri " - . . . .
paper mmwy, and which, at the period of the
" .. Pntrurt further li?ans, or io
nave occhm-" v-" ,
m ike piirch'ase uron'credit, and showed now
much it would gain- in the more lavorable
t rmi on which ah such transactions cou.d be
1 l ;., fn'-rp if ihcv ,set then tne ex
negotiatui u tun.ro, u - ,
implc of a scrupulous and umblemwhcd hutn
in the fulfillment of the na:ioal engagetrwuis.
These were high and enlghtcncd.cot.wderaiiw;
hut thty were of an abstract character, looking
lack toiho Pt or forward to the future , aba
t ,,,! frnatlOnai eiisirnv. o.-.".
?ori ot hit i'" --j . i M . wttti ana aocusiuo-'uu 1 , .
?ay. to, re hy wb.t rt ol .rgut . - o tt?ptemJtizo Wd P-J.
c,-A .inn C r.nsrie-s ihe lull reaei.piioa u t. - jm;,1;irlltioii. to survey Irorn
wv 1- r their srtat umiy iu r .
natioDalbaLiieNuoLw ,rp l,n elevated and steady point .oi v.cW
vnviuus wants of the publie service, to stuoy
- ji.. n rvrnWcms tnev
f OJ v arf rm OU llliV a 1 v . '
sis-
best
This
F f ... tua. an.nini.tration ol public
rt r nn .in f
finances, careinuv -ciim4u
the Federal veromemr T I Iu"
- . u.,.- rt.v iino(l wttiiont tne
UV t-xp;.Tieneo , nc.i . ,
slighter change to the p ra- and
. .L ti, n.;ncderaey tnir.:tly
IS now me " i" i:
ih the hie Union. It noceiw.ly implies
- " . j . ..K.G,rn".1n tne rec-'ni-
a'Cettatn aegreuj'i -
. . r.i.i,..,i ..t tha department
menoauous oi mrjiciM . ,
not a blind and utmnecuu5
tniU liberal and intel.ig.nt confidence, which
;o ...rdMl to sneoial st'-iines a..
i .,.-n with sufcesr
4 Ui the midst ofthat great stru-K and us sue- .- of i:iturmation, and winch pre-
' ..-i,allv deneeds, as 1 have already en- . , t ive CMM.y the sug-
i -
ess viTaoy nc--"-, ." j
. i - . i.. . ... l u luiit
i oca voi ru - f. gestlom 01 ooo u i
of the measures we may wiopwwr5 .iuR.-. ' j iu sucll 5tUaies aui enjojeu- w
- , i iL.,..roixr t.h Itlstl'U- '-"ct-C
ndenee anu va.m- io mc v.. - -
ment by which all the oper ations oi w w..
are to be carried on anu uppon.
mi i . i -.'i :., tr.iffla.f 4'niiieii a wai
i i -.u ..,t,;r. mav h i c nor ted hy your
! Military Committee for recruitinn tlwj rank
1 nnd'file'of the air.ny. -.Tne effective prosecu
rtion of the war as mucii depends upou it
Hence ir was, that in the stirring aud noble
' anp-als 'which, from time to time, were sent
i out hy our Kevolutionary fathers under ctr-
tr. ,ht,so. in which wo arft
- oow placed, the p' ople and t he States were
i ...... ,u ,i to takn u leasurv tor cor-
vi . u.. u i,i.4 n rtiitiou. has been
gesrions ot one wu -, j r - .
e , . , ol il PiiMVinl those
oppOTtUTjltjeS. - - .
It has neen sttangei,) ' . r
tinouished gentlemaa who nor. occupies the
Wition of Secretary of Uie Treasnry, thar he
L a merchant, and as such is not hkeiy to be
s :fficiently conversant itb gei.er-1 prmciplea.
One w.mld suppose that no pursuit cou.d be
better calculated to impart a just and accurate
knoaledre of the principles of currency ar.d
fioancc than that ot a tnercnant who nad b.en
en-a-ed in the operations of an extensive
.l?A? eciallv the huge and hbcrahxiug
transirti Jra of loreign trade. The three great
. isujv w, r , , e transatuioi:n -.0 .
1 constantly exhorted to take pleasure for cor- fiuanciill Minister that America has ever
reeling the depreciation ui ...v j 'had weie merchants, iwucn
i. the same broeth- and with the same degree . areat financier of the Revolution is well known
reeling ine uri - ijai vveie njeruutino. .
i the same broeth- and with tne same degree . financier Of the Revolution, is well known
of urgency that ther were called on ta .bring b been a merchamy Alexander Hamil-
. re men into the iu-id. J.ist-n io u -r-- a reared in a countmg-nou, auu c.
? and impressive janguag'- u"7 ;
oi the oia j nv:, w.o
Arable patriot., Dickinson, .,! Delaware; Dray
' irn, of South Caroiua; 5,nd Duane, f ,ew
York iu an address to the States in May,
1779. ,
. -Though it is majife-r," s.iy they, "tint
' moderate taxation in time of-peace wul re
! cover the credit-of your currency . jee the
! eneouraucm nt which your enemies derive
bomitsihpiec.ia.ion. ani ih proent exigen-
. , . Ur.V!i...c. ha nrptl;ir
i u ui o" r -
o Fill up your oatiaiuouti uc
' . d in every p.t. tr repel the incursions of
vo'ur eneiuacs; place your several quotas in
ihe Contireuttd Treasury; lena money .or the
i ublic uses; sink the cui'-ssious ot your res
i;,ective States." And iboe apostolic men o.
tbo levoltnion enfo.ced their e.xnortat.ons hy
Javii. rfowu this imuoivable pre' ept of public
JajH r, 'V , , Wlii
lost ice and icoratuy. "vu "
onry add that, as t,e rules o justice are. most
a Wing to our iLtiLitely. good and gracious
Creato?, and an observance oi them most
I fikrly to obtain his iavor, so they will ever be
! sound Hie best and safest maxims ot human.
, fOi'cy
bid five months later, in September, 1779,
Jbe Congress of he Kevo.u ion airecwu a
other address to tl e Srates, t be drawn up by
their distinguished 1'iealdent, J-nn Jay; and
. . ...,nut tiio most impos
in tu at imposisi uw.w , , r . ,
1 tn perhaps, thai ever proceeded from the eu.
! ,Dg; p ... v .,;...rwe. rid the same
t Of 1!S lllUSUUoa 'U1 , , .
limPPi appeal to the enlightened patno
S tism and honor of tue natio.. to te
the creuii oi tutu .u.v., te -c
hand "Aith tne can i r -r-
Here is the eh'quent, aad almost msp red
language held by the Congress of that day,
through its President 1 -
-Provide, tnerefore, for continuing your
armiesMn the field till victory and peace sbal
i .i ur.n. ana avoid the leyroach ot
iKrmitting the currency to depreciate iu )our
f . .i . r.n, t to taxes ami
I hanas, wnen, uy " r " ' . ,
l )oaus,the whole might have been appreciated
and preserved. Determine w finwa
ItheM-outcst as yon began it hone.t y. and
T clorious v. Let'if never b said that America
1 had no fooner become iadepeuaent tnaa she
beame insolvent; or that her infant glories
aud crowing fame were obscured aud tarnish
i ...;tc an,! winlated faith. IU
. en l)V oroKcu - -
i - . i .ii . u nstimw nt-tne
tn; very hour wnen an v" ---
ear.h vtere admiring, and almost adoriug, the
spleudcr of her rising. .
i i t-i . n.nn.ra mitti the
. - These grano ana nnuie p-ci, "
I solemnity of a voice from Ue torpb, trace out
' fchdiis now incumbent upon us as plamly
I acd exactly as it they were written fox, .and
; ... .j hre. said
specially aores w . . - j
1 Mr Rives, in justice to the ma-nauimous
policy and conaseis of the great mn who .
-i !. nnarM. nf the Revolution, he
must be allowed to say that the national cur-
r. nrv.;k madn ko earnest aw ap-
i . i i i niKmi r.rpfl It
peal wouia never uo wecu :
the n.eans of redeeming it had depended upon
them. But, nnder the imperfect andanoma
lous system of the ar;icles of confederation,
taetnenta was entrusted to the Congress, tbe 1
" - r iCIi: aI .nmanj Wrt I
neans ot luimiiug cBg,c""",'
lelt exclusively under the control of the States.
Hence it was that the continental currency
lell helpless and duhibnorM, and with it
would uadoubtedly have fail n the cause of
j hni f,,. ji. rMnnrM -which
jnciepenoeuco twc., w-. ..... -
1 our ancestors possessed, and of whieh we are
lOM was it""" - " - . . r
as a youth, directed the operations ot a large
J . i . t-i- l. or.t in'.ihft ear V
conmerciat esiaoiisuui' u , - - - -
habits and experience thus acqu.red he was,
doubtless, in a great degree indebted for u-e-brilliant
success of his iuture Snaucial career.
Albert Gallatin, whose fame stmds mxt ou
the roll of American financiers, is understood
to have commenced his career in this city, -in
stating and settling the accmnta ot a.t. reign
mercantile house, which had tutide large ad
vances to the ateof Virginia during the war
i i tho Revobitioa.
If we turn to Englaud, we shall find that,
. . .... :...'....... s. 1 ironiim i:f tllfltli'JV-
altuouga tue arisiuuviv-. fe -
emment has kept merchants from the front rank
of official positions, the knowledge, the skill
the enlightened judgment and experience of
. ;..flnnr.R behind the ministers
oreater than tire ministers themse ves, have
rver sbaned aed gmdvd the financial- adm.ms
trationof the country. Wilham Pattefsen, a
merchant, is well known to u .v furnished to
Montague, the brilliant financial minister of
William the Third,' the plan of the Bank of L.ig
Und. aiRl to have cuuuelied and aided mm-in
tte establishment, of his celebrated funding sys
tem At a later period, when all those nw 1
and difficult questions of the currency arote out
or the supeusioo of cash payments by the Bunk
cf England iu 1797, and for a period of twenty
.ix years continued to puzzle aud perplex nan
isters, it was Thornton, a merchant, the bosom
He d of Wilberforce, and David Ricardo, a
I ..vr laho. bv their able writings on paper
credit and the currency, and by their persu. al
advice, held out the clue by winch the Govern
ment made its way through the lanaryu.h of
. ... ? 1 - L. i. arAo .ntanfflt'd.
dttbcaiues in ltmcu n. w-a.v..
But France is the country from which we ruy
derive tbe most useful lessons on subjects of
this kind. It is there that tbe acience of ad
rDicistration generally, aad of financial admin
istration' as .well as -very otb.tr bas, been carried
to its highest perfection ; aud this the Eugbb
thamselves Lave admitted, .-aid Mr. ivirest hy
sending, during the period of h;,s firr dence .
. a:. :,.;;K. il nmm li)n. of WlllCO tDO
mere, u uisuuguiam.v .
nreseut h rd Ciarenduu was a member, to study
and opy many parts of the French system ;of
fina. ee.. tn that couotry, theT spirit of democ
racy is allied to that of monarchy; and tiere
has consequiotly been no obstacle, as in Log
liud to tue iutroductioQ of merchants into the
highest places of official lrut, for. which their
talents and experience qualified them. Colbert,
tb great financial minister of Loois theFour
teeDtn; whose admini&tratiuu of -twenty odd
years was a series of financial prodigies achieved
ny aUD vt B,tll nua j
dinal Maiarin out of couoUng bouse, and first
made luteuuJ,n am mw :
1 Kotr the senowaed fioacce minister
uuauu. ., - ,
...... .l. o:,...nth mm.m a har.iter: and in
Ol IjOUIB VUC bi""1 . ,
Kore recent times Laffite, Casimir Pener and
Fould, have been successively wn
i. iif tn fill witn honor and
waiad oi cuiuuici n' .-, r-
.- .- . t . u:V. nncilinna niri.i ft.1 aiid
distinction tne aiguw .
political, under the constitutional aad Imperial
government of France.
n . zm. i : J mn'nlnU ar( not AT)t to
DUt It IS NUU iua iuv. v..-" c
iw, o,.;.ntlv acouainted with general princi
ples to conduct the finances of a nation. It
IS Oliacuu, ... . - "
Xu intelligent mind could, for any length of
-t I " l .1 m? W .Via (tnaf. run.
-time, nave ueeu owaipie e "
i fn...',mn nnmmTP. without masterinz
all trrose principles and combination ' of
finance, which are applicable -alike to the
.,,n,i naaraiiona nt Government and of a
tvuejvu wpv
great and extet ive commerce. Ho fully re-
) u.. ;.. nanrt nf cniind and clearlv
CivlllICU 11-- l 4 ;
defioed general principlef; -but it must bs
borne in mind that a staUaman, io the mutable
1 J z .iK.J AAntlllltanPFI (11 LUfl.w ' t
oJten finds it n-cessary to inod.fy et efftl
. . i i.. nariiitniir cir-
principles m appiymg mem i
r .T . nt mrtiierh ntatrs
cumsiances. ido gicuw ' ,
men- l aa told us ' that there u on cawntul
i.tr kt...n irtn nrnviiice of a Males-
f-c...- uk Statcsm.tn ' be
man nu a pio-o.-.. . - -
says,.-'dirrer8-trom a Professor m an Ln.er-
J , .1, el-.V
sity. The latter nas omy mo " ,
l. . .... . hr.c number tie Cir
oi stcieiy. xoo loiuici ,
cumstances io combine with those gtucral
ideas, and to take uno ; ,
hiuteiinan, never lo,ing tight of prioc pies
? -......lanr :UiJ induing
IS to tie guttivu V uin;uiH..., . - -
contrary to the circur, stances of tbe moment,
may ruin his cour.tiy forever. .
happily expteed.by - au iulu.ued wnu-r.ibo
"? J .-r. ... .r f..i....,t u.l.os6 wrd6
moileru m$urian oi x..g-v. " ,
n.ay well kdl'eJ on tne rre-o. - v. -. ;
t i.,u,n;ir an! adn-tnihtrator, tie
"rr.e irrii ii-r.g,.'. '
I .. m . i r
av. -is a just itmper between mo
.y.V -Li.- nAtbir.ir but general
ot tneory, wnuci .
principle, and the mere man.t bu.
Who can tee nothin but pAT.i'.-u - .
. ..n.V,a ..bserver among us, I
said Mr. Rives, lwikirg at things in ne hght
of experience. xtvr,xt that it is the speiu
lativi and not the practical elemn wl. cb
Una. bribe most part, preutaxatei in the
character of our pub!: men. We have had
rnoenicus thrvrUs, sp'eod:d t-ratora, rreu-
. l iwt.'.iiuv kt il a I, wm r nun - .
aro" administrators Caicts and Co.birth
men who can draw forth at.d rgai.iz-. in
barmouh us propitious, ?!l ,.e Uitxa evxr
rua and resource. ot tr.A country, moral anu
.... . ft? ... ln aall uri.liltlir
material, giving due emcieucj ,
i : -....rl.Mr nd'eoUlblt'.llig tne
whole in oi e cor.sei.tiine.tt3 movtn.cntJv lue
. . . . .!.- l to l,arflfttei of
He con an-1 dui nope iu - --
. i . ..... n,ir nuii in Kie
mind, this specus i wueui, " ' .
ffpBtieuian wuo uicssij . .."
LT Lot. JlrBW-s eH he hal bar;! ly y
.i ...:.... wih that ffeitlemao.
r . . r.i .L..ni..iciif ii.nciiiie him
11 b. , ... , J,ri tim iu this
but twice, ana men ior - .
city. .Ilejudg-dofbim from the Pn tfj:
..in ..r or.H Hp e.haraciwr of uts officnl
commurdotiuo. He bad- certainly oce great
requisito fr the times in vbiw " w7:"
M , i .u f..rtnna of therepubtio
... ..r j; . r. otioihilatiue battle ol
Alter tne uisisouus nu -
Cam o?,- bn the c .nul, bose temerity w:js
approaching he capital vnth the wreck cf his
ri . .. a .. tnriiPi nut in a bony
army, tne woman o . - -
. . 4. t d r 1 oni 'i 1 v iw&aiiv.vt -" -
to ni.ei ujin, a -u av"""'v , . f
did not despair cf the repubne. Iu tuaes i
tiAiiscenaant
catnmity and revcr, - -
- '- - , 1 V ohntmn til. at Ii C 003-
luent: Mr. Tieunoiai .
sf Fses it la a rare mivi
in tins very urni , -.
m lu.s j ttr v o-tdresscd by him
his aruous uu.iv -. . - ,
to a convent on or tne c uimis3iuu. r
lMd the inspiring mngu'fec v. v t .
. n.u.?A iw. i.hv it would be. With
CQliratre. e eiumu j -- -
. - a u 1 t nip .tiiiii u 1
pubbc di tt far grenb r ihan that which a yet pro-
. 1 . a ... rl (.nntii ion. w.-iuM jaroo-
tract cd struggle ior u " t"Sx -u :''the
. .1. .,oi interest ot whien, in me
ihiv cost us, 114 mh. -
1 f.ll short if the tribute-we
.meanuuir. ..
submitted to pay 10 our-.j T y , 7
conmc'ion won - -
now before us, heahovrs How a single it-of
our national wealta, tne u,u.u -
of cotton now on baud, sold 1.1 EgUud .ptoa
ent prices, would more than five times p -.y tho
amount cf our funded dibt. 1 -
Confidence like this this, resulting from on
enlifih.eued and comprehensive apprecia ion or
ft . .i n.(lnU f eeteimiuatton to
our reuros, .....-- ---- ,
npply thm vigorously aud bold'y. and sup-nppiy.iii-rt"
b Aim crhtv urotec-
ported by a nun iiu-i ... .. e- r
tion, is itself the , highest ? element ot national
i t...-nnla infinc.tle. VI h'.TC-
. - i. immi IhC fr refit tut ft-
ever hs mei wuu :iu -r . ,
... . ir'ila n..iim:tpd With SUCn
tre Ot tne couuii jr -
a spirit, Mr. Rives said he feely paid him ht
- tr . , , , ; I,,,-,, .iniiif l'nes
no:ioee, anu uu-rjii !.
with which His poet apos:rophizes that cbtefest
of human blensiogs for whieb - we ure now 01m-
tsndiLg - ' . -
Thy si int, inapcnuence, jci
L0U 01 lAie .c V',
. Tin .11-, ttn mv hnliiaf.MfVi
Tby steps in iuii " " j r..T f i
Nor heed tbe ttoim that howls al6lWfky
RAP HI C
REr6RtSrF THB. PRESS ASaOCUTlOK
o Burke's speech in K92 on the P tit ion
Ot tt;e Ullliaoaiis. oiv. '""
lTQOon the Rt peal of the 'lest anu ArFoi-.
- .-a- f v Mv.5"
bin rncc uu vi-mw
. TbeMempbis (MontgomeTj) Appall
... 1 -r t 1L'.,.Jlr. with the
been iutiiisneii oy i". vr. uu.w.. -
following ex ract from a private letter recuved
1- t,;..v.K. ;.iiif. nt source.-'from wh'.eh
... .1 . .v.... ..Irl of'TT.hnrKn 'stlH
tt Will appear nan mv. -x v-. ;
t: vJlt t that he a irob.Hbev-'2di
stunt, the day alter bt was rfpxnted to nave:
T V 1 ' i mm A V"
died of apoplexy, at JJooiy s iciry,
sas:
llflc. 2. 18G4.
lljl?lllvv. X 1. . 7
i ,t i....4.. . finr orar.d raid upoa
Missouri is over, and I am out .safe and sound.
We took the wnole State for a while, hut tbey
doubled teams on us. and v.v bad to -get out.
Ve grt about twelve tt ousatid recru ts. Mjv
regiment fs in Shelby's old brigade, now
commamed l y O.-neral Jiff. Thompson, who
distinguislncl himself morethay ever ip this
CaTtPw'fight, fights fiiht, day after day, and
l u -..ti i.itrTit alier tjirht. until
marcn, maiu), uii.i -
men and horses were completely worn eut.--Tire
men became so -sleepy .that they dropped
t a I 1.11 t KkW-kA x iUv licrht Without
trom tticir sauun-s i
waking, anrf several of my tni actually went
deranged. The Yankee, still hold Fort broi 1.
F.vctTeville. Little R,ck. Da dat.elie, Duval s
B uff. Pine Bluff, etc., nd 1.0 movement hfcely
to dislodge them will be made soon. Magru
der commands tbe whole district Buckner
and Faucey are in Louwana, Walker 1 in
Texas, Maxey Gano and Watie arc in the I..
rfiafiKatioa, and General Price is "ithh.s
broken down men and horses near to Ciarks-
ville, Texas. wher they have tafcen up win
I . ..i iKrA thv will reuiMin tir
the purp. b getting that repose which they
s much need. Our lines, I venture to pre
dict will not bft much change.! aunng too w.u-
' a C 9
ter . .f
w... i. t.a cn iinr liOVR "Hit I lie
-r... ..i. : m:. T wu irdlv. Many Val
X7UICU IU jlliBWJUii. " J J- - .
. . . i:nJ ...1 irtn nilri ne
uable otucera were amew u -v,- --
Friiin General llood.
An' ofEcUl diinatrk
11 1 U 11 w xj. - r -
from Oea. Hoad, dtd Corinth, the Ird, mh the
arwv has recrossed the Tne?ee river without
. . . . V. m 1 1 1 a In Yl-ntil nf Mi.kiilt.
material lonco nr.- .. ......
'Coiiffde rale Confess.
vimi iinvn Jan. 5. No deiloits action ia
either Ita of Congress to day on any fuhjf ct.
The general bill to consolidate tbe araiy it till
. . a .
pending in tne none.
From Augusta, v
i rriiNTi Jan Kiloatrick hts r.otcroffd
v - 1 w
the Altataaha;- he is sapposed to be on the"Cs,rolir.a
fide of the Satanntb river.
Western papers report rorrot killed I cr.e of
hi3 men. A Yat.kee raid on the Mobile ana OLio
railroad tore up miles of track near Verona. A
private li-tter saja lien rrice u ucru. u
currently rumored Gen Hod is dead.
From Savannah
AOGU&TA, Ju. 5 TLe Coi.titutIocalut
this morning cant-ins procef disgs of tho meeting
of tiio citiarns cf Favarrnh, cipitd frna tie
"Loyal Georgian' ot t'ae 2-th." The meeting was
called to order Ej Mayor Aindd, and A Fai t-
ringe and ltoocrt ij. n-wmg were ej i cinieu .ec-
retailed.
Kc-folutinns wtre adcjttd in nft-rence ta tba
c .ndition of the.city. now uhder tho author ity of
the United States The ilrrt resolution kdo ts tie
. 1 .J" : 1 4 nAA.l. . a I.awa nr.jii nv
language oi liimuiu, i d-t. . m un.w j..w
. ' .1 ...k.l.l!. IV.
laying dowa-ot'r aims uuu uiuuuii; i m
national authority under tho Conititution, leav
in all questions to be adjusted by Legislative
conference and votci. Second, they will bury by-
gone iu the grave and Bsc their best efforts to
bring back the prosperity and conttnerce once en-.
j.bd. 3'd, claiius the immunities and privilfp s
, . " . -..a M I inrnin'i . ms! a tn il t i cm and mriifare.
IIHCI vu AU w" WIM . . . . . r-
. T. . . - . 1 1 m a. . !. .n
r ouitti, requests uov. rowu iiu vit-ui'I4
of tbe pa ple of the tate, that they may vote ou
tba questiun oi a coniinaaace oir.
- ... a & w I
. Col. Rockwell, A. Lippman, Dr. WH Uld viu
lijran jMar'in Dain, J. G; Mills, W. D. Weed,
. I ..V.I .1 ! i 4
Ulu JacKSOO, u lancci,; ir m vhuuiukv
... . . . ..... t
who rsported tue resolutions, voicd ve uniui
innusly adopted.
A jjniieniau iroin oviiuu onj wmj v.v..vv .
persons were present.
Thfc Cbncle of, this corning contaics a s Ipni
ficnt cortiHianlcation, entitled Is it treasonable
- tt
Advices from below, "cor; linn the report that
Sherman's forces have crowed the Savannah.
Tbey are belkvcd to be u.oiug towards Graham
ville. . . ... .
The reported deaths ot licncrals noou ana tor
rest are not confirmed. -
From Charleston.
CIIAULESTON, Jan. 6.- -No further moTf
rncnt of theerieray reported to-ay. His 1'uces
are aih enncecttating, and asseu-bliiiff bctvx'fn
Grahainsvillo and Savannah rircr. No truth in
the reported advance upon Grahatnvillc.
' From Savannah.
nf!t;cTi Mn 7 He Chronicle A Sentlncf
A u U u .) - - --
i. - : vA-ra! Savannah "Loral Gear-
'kiaa'-of the ficOiid, which contains ShrnaaB's
B . - . .... ..
Gettoral order caotrollirg affairs at tnat poia;.
It iaerl and conciliatory. It declares fsm.JU'i
no.vaie dbtnt bed, chut thvS schools, andplacs
of'iiiB?ement allowed, and mecbatics and trsdes
mea allowed free use of tbeir thops, tool,, Ac
Unoccupied houKS taken ior.udlitarv u.es. The
.Mavor and Council continue to exe che their
.functions ; and citizens are required to choose at
nee whether to stay or depart in peace
?wo newspapers aUowodybut forbiddea to
make comments on thc'city'attthoiitks.
The fire deparment had a ffrapd review before
-.. . nn .,nr(ov lVfiO hrfmrn out.
ucii irai j vf" kj..v.j ,
Uegular mails nave Deen cstaousnea wuu
North.
The city is divided into districts, eaeh Laving a
Provost ruat t-hal.
Geirll IX Jackson it is sUted by tb Rtpubi.
can, has been captured before Nashville.
No ww movement ol the enemy reponeu. -uc
n.-r,;.i .it ti.u mmninf contains a two column
to,t. An ihe use of SUte sovereignty ; call on
the L"ffla'ure of the State to itterpot-e her abso-
5 .... ... 1. -..A Ys r,
lute sovereignty Del ween vue peop.u uu
m. m -
potic legislation ol a subservient, iODro.
Sherman's Movements.
CHAKLESTON, Jan. C The enemy in un
known, torce, crosicd New Uiter on tho road to
Giahamvillo-this morning. Our torcts, burnt
the bridge across New Rivar. TLe main body is
still believed to be in the neigbborUood. Wheeler
ia watching, his movements, which arc- not jet
fuHy developed. -
V o
A rv"
Eve.r your true friend.
xv . .,t.v.i, ....lav th aide Ooinion of riie
Supreme Court, delivered by Judv Battlk,
U uill be seen that it
U iil IUU" v.v. - - ., ,
overrules tbe esse ei aiM u,w,nL
i P.,..nn at ( "hamUrs. Ibis cae
then settles the law it. this State.
a- .i.- r.-i-;i;f f all State omcers to
seen, a w me v' .
military rci ,
State Uonstituuoo, wmcu i w .
ir i.AU.nr this-case with the
tlOU. vve rui " ----- , . .
opinion in the case ot MaUheu , Johnon,
. . . ... . .. . i A tn Mail f-W.trartoM
wbicu settles tue w - - " -
and SUga drivers. Both cf these are Jeadiog
eases, and tbjee and other cases funded uiou
tnem, auu ui wuivu. - r---
cttla nwitv penerallv and deut lteiy
BOPllSO, . - c " ...
U.. i .1.: lom ofl tn military CX
tne law, ii mi
cmpts.
Fire at Charlotte.
CHARLOTTE, Jan. 7.-A terrible eonflari
tin occurred here Ibis morning about 3 o'clock,
originating in the Paymaster's department, ad
jotniDg tho North and South Carolina depot
shed, "which, together with adjoining ware hou
ses, were burned to the ground. A vast amount of
tor5 wer consumed. Five men supposed to
have been tui ;ed.
tl..ml fnnm lien. Hood.
RICHMOND, Jan. B. Gen. Hood reports from
Spring Hill, Dec. 27th, thaton the 15th, in front
of Nashville, tho ncmy attacked both flanks of hu
army. They were repulsed on tho riht with
heavy loss, bit towards evening drovs in his iu
fantrv outpost on bia lelfe,- Early on the ICth tLe
enemy tsade a general attack on bis entire Jin,
all their assaults were handsomely rcpuUed with
heavy loss, until half past three, p m, when a
portion of oar line to left of centre.suddenly
way, pausing ourMines to give way at all pointJ,
t-.-r. ..niai. Fittv Dioces of ar.
tillery and several ordnance wagons were left by
by us that day. Oar loss in Riled and wounded
heretofore small- In pr.soncrs not w.i. -
tfajor Gen Kd Johnson, Brig ueni u u
U R Jaekson captured.
bbermaa'ft Movements.
CHARLESTON, Jan 8.-A dispatch from t.r'
hamvilJe, 12 : 13. P m, saya no news from the en
emy this morning. A gentleman just from
vaDnab, reports that bnerman oss sem -army
corps ar. and to Beamfort, 8 C, to co -peraW
with Foster's troop between Poctatigo andCooa
watchie. ,
Exebane of Prisoners.
RIGHMUND. Jan. 9-Aflag o. truce boat sr-
rivee at Varina to-day. Col. Malfora a 7
terview with Colonel, unia -MC(f d
interview will take place to-ay. eB
that Mulford will submit 10 prP.
exchange of prisoners.
CtnfederateCoBrresi.
RICHMOND, Jan. o.-Nothi.rPort'ut
in taa Senate. - Bill by :on
The House passed the Cn-olidaUon B.U by
majority. The vote was eooaaidered, and P
tag its further consideration, adjourned.
I'
I '
kays.