Soldiers on Furlough.
A iron i cther.tbings that have coiitributcd
to the tremendous reaction now g'dns on in
the public svuiiment of North Carolina, per
hr.ns nothing has had a mere controlling
in" ucuce than that exerted by the soldiers on
furloughs to vUt their families and friends.
luy have told those at home that they wurM
never submit to any sctt'emi :-nt cf this war,
except upon terms t tlnrroujrh and entire
independence of mid separation from tht hated
yankeo nation. And they barn with ir.digna-Ih-u
at the th.. tight of any sort of atliliatiou
with the northern &.wernnitnt, a iter all the
M-nVriiis they have tnihtieel, and while the
M ;od of thousands of their comrades cries
aloud for vi-npjcT.r.cc frem th-lr gory graves.
Must all his sacriCce go for nothing, say
they, and the surviving sous of North Carolina
le aske-d to unite wit the nvirde rers of their
brothers, the outn-.ge-rs f female virtue, and
the robber of their jr. petty? Never, cry
tl.ry ; and if there could be enough cravens
in I.er borders to carrv N"rth Carolina into
' , ,.
never n turn to hf-r bnsr.in to witness the dis-
g.race of their humiliated old mother.
It u bv such d'.clar.itioas to their own
friends and nghbors, that our people are
". u'y awakwd from t!ie delusion into which
the liii'iard has led them, t at the privates
in the army w re with that pap r in hatred to
cur goveinnic;-t and in opposition to a contin
v.ation of the war that the sold-crs were "for
peace on the I est terms they can gt.' These
sjldiers, seated around their own firesides oo
a brief luilough to "wifV, children and friends,"
tell them they wnt.t no peace but one that
"will p io-f the Southern CV-nYd-rscy aniutig
the pruti h-t of the indcprftdcr.t nations of the
earlh: that they should soon return to their
Rear red and war-worn veterans, determined to
achieve that in Ir-pendcnce or sacrifice their
lives in t-iidtav.'ring to accomplish it.
The people at homo now understand our
noble 5iMV'iy, and imbibing their lofty patriot
ism, aic detrmiu'd to stand by the Confed
erate government and our noble Slate Execu
tive, :nd e.ntend lr the riht at all hazards ;
and thus rebuke and silence (he miserable
agitators who wiu'(J brtra" tl;e Uil.le old State
in'o ignominy and dhioace.
Mr. ilnldeii's Organ.
Since our last, we hae received the lollow-
' -.-
"The Udeuh Standard, an independent
out-sp.'ken friend of the p-ple, vras us-j
pended on the 2-Jth ult. . It had a larger I
"circulation thau aiy paper iu the South, and
"vas fearless in its expo.-ition (f wrong in
" hiiih places. TliC susp.'usion is supposed to ;
t
" have been ca.JKdbv d. tT. Davis' bayonets, j
" Hidden, however, men'ions his intention of i
"re.-uming the publication sut.n.'7 Xeu-btrn
Times, Cuorrje Mills Joy, Yankee, March Oth,
li-ol.
This is encouraging to Mr. Iloklen's pros
pects. We feared that J)v. TuU or Henry
Clay J.-ms might le desimus of the nomina
tion inside the enemy's lines ; but it seems
they are not. At the lime of publishing the
above. Joy, Yankee, had not heard that Mr.
ih i Irn was a candidate. His warm eulogy
leaves uo doubt, however, that he will support
Mr. llolden ; unless hestatidsin one place to
dav ar.d veers around to-rnorrow. We have
known such things. We knt-w a paper once
.imounce in one number that Douglas was
fairly the nominee of his party, and urged that
pied faith and the popular will demanded his
suppc-rt ; and in the very next issue that same
papt r raid the Breckinridge flag. We knew
the sa:n- paper for ten years advocate
Reception, ami touch it to its friends ; ami when
it came, chnlged it, aini in b ih instance's le't
itb frit nds in the lurch. But we hope better
of Joy, the Yankee. We think he will take
a p"M;iin and kiep it, unless Gen. Hoke
should convince him of his error, or suspend
his paper. So the Newberu Times may be
regarded as the forthcoming organ of Mr
llolden in North Carolina. With such an
organ, and a " half-and-hidi," -why here are
two as ' nice, fresh white shad," as a candi
date could breakfast on a perfect kettle
of fish.
Common Schools.
We have received the Report" of Rev. C. II
Wiley, Superintendent of Common Schools,
ioi the year 1SG3. fn m winch we are glad to
be informed that, notwithstanding the diffi
culties which the times interpose to the frfli
cienev ol' our . Common School syte:u, there
has beeH much more of success than we had
feared. Only partial returns, however, have
been received, but in fitty counties the num
ber of children .rep .rted to have "attended
school, is males 18,977 ; females 16 518
total S5.CU5.
The indefatigable Sepcrinten 'ent is as de
voted to his imp rtant work as ever, and plys
l.ini!-e'if with untiring industry to en fuse hi
interest into the minds of the people concern
ing this all-imp rtant enterprise.
But for the heavy press upon our columns
at this- time, we would like to give eopious
extracts from this interesting report; and we
may do so when we have opportunity.
Exchange or Prisoners. One thousand
Confederate prisoners are expected to arrive
on a flag of truce boat at City Point to-day.
The exchange under the cartel has not been
furmady resumed, but when Col. Mulford de
livers cuir men at City Point, we, in return,
send Federal prisoners in exchange. For
every ten rece ived. we return seven the
Y'aukees claiming to have about ' three-tenths
more prisoners than we have.
Congress and Geokgia Legislature.
The Macon Telegraph undertands that th
O mmittee on Confederate Relations in the
Geoijjia Legislature, have reported substanti
ally that they saw nothing iu the recent acts
of Congress requiring tbo interposition of the
Gor.fTfd Assembly.
'The state of feeling in North Carolina is said
to have greatly improved, an J no. trouble is now j
apprehtndtu fiom the late agitators. Got. Vance :
has been add; essing the people in the most patri- i
otic terms, and they set; at every where to be rally- '
iag to bis support and acquiescing in hu views." j
The abovf., from the ML-sissippiau, shows '
how satisfactory is the improved condition f '
public feeling ir, X. rth Carolina. The Mis- j
sissippian has been, we believf, of that "pe ice i
party," which had some idea of elnsing the
war by s .me mystenoin '-olive- bra ich,f i
proceeding which we never exactly coy'.prti- J
bended, except here in North Carolina.
Here, we saw through it at a glance. Whether f
from boldness and audacity, or from want of
political shrewdness, or lack of go.-d judgement,
or fr tn Si fne fancied security of the popular
support, or some idea that the Action of the
enemy about Newbern would make the thing
safe here in North Carolina the peace move
ment contemplate 1 struggle with the Con
federacy, and iiletral and unconstitutional ;
separate Stai-o action a secession, if necessary, !
bv the Stale, and the making of the best ;
term? with the enemy by North Carolina ;
. . . .. . ,
t comrnist-ioners : ol wincii terms ttie surrender
of a part of Virginia, Kentucky, and Mis-
t souri wh- ie alretdy s?t forth as first anl most
ptomintEt. To i his Mr. Holden is as plainly
committed as mortal mn can be, by his writ- i
ings. And the Progress, (we da not say its j
ed'.to ) ha followed Mr Ilohkn in these pur- !
j
posts by as clear a definition of such id;?as as i
the -English lanuu ae was capable of, iu tlie
hands which used it. If any evidence were
wanted in addition to all that we have hereto- j
t
frf! furnished fro n 'he pen of Mr. llolden,
it may be found in the Standard of May tne
i 6:h. -S(iS. !
The Richmond Enquirer has drawn down r
upon it, by an artijle it had published, a very
severe criti ism of varhuis presses, which were,
or suppo-ed themsvlves to be in the special
guardianship f Suite's Rights. These criti- J
cism were not mild in their manner or mincing j
in their term.; but they' w re confined within j
legitimate hmiu all, save that wlr'eh-en-.a- !
nated from the R-iltijh S'andard. Mr. Ihd
dau seized upon :he opportunity furni.hed by
the Knquirer, to as-ail the government with
the most txtmof1 bitterness ; and as a man
o:i tlio 1 kout, grasped tho chance of embed
ding in the soil of the popular prejudice this
poisonous root of secession, which he after
ward endeavored to cultivate into a upas tree f
to blight the land. This is hi? article; and it
was the bv'ginning of on undertaking" that he
has sought since, more or less openly, to ma-
turo and effect. "We know that military
"despotism is making rapid strides in these
" Srates. North Carolina i' a
State, not a province, and she has eighty
" thousan-' of as brave troops as ever trod the
"earth. When i-fie calis them, they, will
"come. If the worst should happen that can
" happen, she will he able to takee'-re of her
" self, as an independent power. She will
l'niti, submit in any t-vcut to a law of daif.rep.s
" passed in deliberate violation of the consti
" tut ion, investing Mr. Davis with dictatorial
" powers ; but she will resist such a law by
"withdrawing, if necessary, from the Confed
eration ; and she will fight her way out
" against ail comers, with a coinage and ar
"dor which will eclipse even any former
'achievements of her sons during the exis
"ting war For one we are determined not
to exchange one despotism for another. "
Tne fault does not lie iu Mr. Itoideu's argu
ment against the military despotism; nor yet
hgainst a proper resistance to unconstitutional
ncroachmcuts. The fault and the purpose
aie Loth teen, in the erection by the Standard
. f a phantom, through which, with malicious
it:rv,it may level its blow at the Confederate
government, and by means of which it may
commence to familiarize the mind of 'the peo
pl with the idea of seeedii g from the Con
federacy; idta that it lias kept floating
more or les distinct as a ghostly or palpable
image, according a it was safe and politic for
him to do.
But the wonder of the whole matter is this,
that Mr. llolden should be uneonseious of how
ridiculous a figure a man may cut, by an
undue thiu.-ting of himst If into unbecoming
prominence. W hen me c .ntemplates the lordiy
and overwhelming style ot Mr. Ilolden's- an
nouncement, the impress of authority with
which he clothes them, the studied air of
command with which his ideas are invested,
one not knowing the politicau and the cir
cumstances, . wooM say why sure here is a
man who means what he says, and who has a
right to say it. No doubt this man has been in
the wars ; has fit in every right, perhaps, that
has been fought, and led the charge in all of
them. But uo that is an entire mistake; Mr.
Ih.lden prepared the fight he iuculcated the j
secession for teu years he voted tor it, ana
pledged the "last dollar and the last man " to
its support in the Standard of the Gib, June,
li61. But as to the fighting part, why how
couhl hejpnnand fight too? He could uot be
in the army op Virgiuia aud in the Raleigh
Standard office at the sani time. The thing
was impossible and so he chose stay where
he thought isjbcould do the most good for
Mr Hufien ; aud we think he acted'prudeut
iy, it not wisely.
But the moment you tell a plain man " this,
why then he begins to say why, be-dad, if he
has never fit, and never seed 'totbers fight, but
has beeu stayiu' at home a printiu' all the time,
why the least he says in the blood aud thunder
sty le the better ; for we've no notion a-goin'
another secession under him for him to send
other people ont to do the fightitig, while he
only prints. A man my keep a printin' other
folks into war in that way, and ruu no risk him
self. Anotherrftfoic happening to step up aud
hearing this talk, gives a new clue to Mr.
Ilolden's idea, as follows; When Mr. Holden
pledged the "last man," he meant it eYactly;
and he regards that lut man at himtelf. W hen
all the rest are exhausted, then will come his
time but he is not going to be in a "all-fired
hurry." The moral is
That as Mr Holden has not participated per-
sonally in the fights, be might have innovated a j
little into politics a becoming modesty, and left
to those who were fighting to institute thete
severe denunciations of the Government, and to !
determine the time and mauuer of redressing I
supposed evil?.
From the Iiichruond Enquirer.
The Fluaricial SjMtin Embodied In the
Tax and Funding Acts.
These two acts 'c-ustitute c!ne scheme, and
shouid be studied iu connection. They will be
hef-t understood by an explanation of the prac
tJcildaties oJ the (ax f nyer and currency holder
under each. To bii& with
THE TAX ACT Cy FKBBCABT 17, 184.
This act is addition. t the act r.f April 24
1803, which it ills irod:fi", and iu sonic re
spects repeals. The duration of the act i3 for
the year 1 854. a Ion." ; though it imoosea a re
trospective Ux upon certain profits of 1803
Its operation is thrnugir. the sane machinery
with the old law. If imposes taxes,
1. Upon Property. Upon the ralue of all
property, (uuless specifically taxed otherwise)
held February 17r 15'i4. and assessed at its
value in the year i bW, H levied a tax of five
per cent., payable June 1, 1804.
The li.t of exemptions will be seen below ; i
also the property taxed otherwise by the act.
Merchandise is not included in this act.
Embraced in the tax are land, negnes,
horses, inn ies, eaitle, and all live stck on
plantar-ions; also, plantation taols, instru
ments arid provisi mjs of every description,
coasii'u'in;: the who! agricultura! property
of the country.
2. Houses and lots, furniture, books, hotise
ho.d and kitchen uten.vJs and pr vision?, and
all sorts of" Mipjdi.'S, eoi:s;;tntin4 real estate,
ai;d establishment in chics and towns.
C Cotton ard tob.teco. nehi'as an invest
ment n-t as merchandise so we construe
the la-.v ) a;;d, in general, all property not
named in the remaining items of the act.
It thy land, hegrors, cotton or tobacco werr
purchased utter July 1, 18G2, they are. valued
at the price paul ior them.
From the lax. ou the value of property em-
ployed in agriculture , is deducted the value
i f ti e tithes delivered to the irovermneut ;
provided, t at it the tax in kind should ex
ceed the live per ee.it. tax, th whole lithe is
to be p id, nevertheless.
This t : duo and to be Collected on 1st
June, 18G-4, or as s'oou tin reafler. as practica
ble. A question of some importance occurs
herv, whether the tax ou agricultural
property is to be paid in advance, and the
value of the tithes refunded from time to time,
or whether the tithe is to be first delivered,
and tie ascertained residue to be paid?. Ve
think toe latter t!:e correct mode, tor' reasons
to Nr lo re if er given.
2 On the v. duo T gold and silver wares,
plate, j -we! ry and watches -ass sed at the
same rate, viz: oi ;he yv.ir 18G0, ten pr cent.
3 On the value ot shares, in any bank,
railroad company, or othwr joint s'o k com
pany as-essnd not at its va!u.! in U-UO, but
at irs value February 17, 18G4, a tax of five
per cent;
4. Upon the amount of g !d ar.d silver
e';in g Id dust, gold or silver bdiion, and
up n the amount 1 ail biiis of exJlmnge on
lyrcign countries, a tax ot five per e-nt. Also,
upon the amount of solvent cr;difi, bank falls
and currency, (unh.-; such credits are used
in a registeied busiuess, the profits of which
are taxed, aid except, also, non-interest
bearing Confederate money.) a lax of five per
cen'.
This tax includes notes, accounts, (except
mercantilr, or ih rs used in taxed .business,)
bonds, whtther S ate, Corporation or Confed
erate ; also. 7.30 notes Qh cry Does it in
clude call certificates? V e think not,' they
bi g regarded as the currency they represent.
It is n t clear, however.
An important question arises, whether this
t'.x rs pnyabli in currency or in A-?;dV? i. e.
whether li -e percent: ot tt,e atiual gnla'cmu,
for example, is to bo paid? Wc it.cjlite to
the afiirmat vc opinion, for the reas r.s hero
after given.
5. Upon moneys held abroad, five per cent,
of i heir value February 17,1804, it the place
where the tax is assessed.
The foregoing taxi 8 arc ail applicable to the
year 1864, a one, and par ahlei. (except the
agricultural property tax.) Jun 1, 18li4.
TAX If'S ON 1NCOMK AND PROflTS.
1. There are, iu addition to the taxes
1803 :
of
A tax of ten per cent, is levied upon almost
every species of profits made by l uyii g ami
selling Oct wren July 1, 18G3, md July 1.
ltftio, vi.. ul(l,j tju. p,0jts iJiUj0 ou iiqUurs
ayiicuitural prooiuos, nf ,
inauufactiires, or merclandize, in gold,ex
ehauiie, coin, stocks, buii ', notes or credits,
and on any property uii efflots. (sweeping
wnrds.)
Are profits on cottou and tobacco includeel ?
Wk think not, these items being taxed as
property by section 1.
2. On the excess of profits over twenty-five
per cent, by any jo'mv stock company, bank,
railroad factory, Sre , during tl.e year 1803, a
tax is levted ot iw-.niy-fivo p r cent.
These two taXer ai" pa aide now.
A like ta wiln muni er 2 is levied upon
joint stock companies ior ?864, payable July
1, 1865.
exemptions.
1. For each head of family, $500; for
each minor ehrd, 100 more, ami for each
son in the aiiny or died in the service, $500
tw re.
2. For eat h soldier's widow or family of
minors, $1 000.
8. Fi.r eacn soldier in service or disabled,
$ 1,000, pro ided his property (not including
rurnituie) i less than $1 000.
4. Provision is mad" tor deduction from
vaiue of property ii jurcd bj the enemy, or of
retuges.
6. Confederate bonds held for minors or
lui atics are exempt, if the interest is less than
$1,000.
Such are the prov siousof the tax act. We
come next to.
THE FUNDING ACT.
The general etft ct ot this law is to cotape
funding, or submission to heavy taxation.
The holder of currency may be either an
individual, a bank or a State. Section 12 re
fers to the duties and privih g--g of a State
holding currency ; section 10 to those of a
bank
east of the MISsISsIFPr.
The individual hutntr f ordinary Confed
erate Treasury notes, not bearing interest, is
affected as lollows :
1. It he holds $100 bills, non-interest bear
ring, be must fund said notes iu four per cent.
Confederate bonds (descril-ed nunc fully here
after) U'fore April 1, 1864, or else pav iben a
tax f 33$ ter cent and on May 1, 1864,
another ttx of 10" per cent., and on month
bv 10 per cent, until the bill i-absorbed i
October. After April 1st, the stid .axes at
tach to the neUe as if credits were written
thereon. The note is i o longer receivable for
public dues, and no hirr exchangeable for
the new issue of currency hereafter cb scribed,
but may be exehauiied for 4 per cent bonds,
after dtdiTctii g the taxs due.
These provisions necessarily enforce the
funding f $100 Tills.
2. The hoijer cl 60V, 20's d 10' must
fund said notes by April 1. 1864, in fair
per cent, boi ds, er pay 33$ per cent taxation
attaching fo each till. He can exchange the
till so taxed for a now issue of treasury notes f
fct the rate of 2 0 new .r cf old t -ills, ,-rr '
for lour per cent, rail certiiicahb. aft i'.n smuj :
rate, payable on call in the new' issue, or i'n j
pr cent bmHs ; he can also pay U xe, pfws- j
age and the like t i!u same rate On J -
nary 1, 1865. however, a tax nfnne hind v 1 j
per cent; is imposed upo: all s,5ch o."d i'Ah '
tiot fund 1 or exchanged.
3. 'I he h.dder of ;5 bij tniut fund ( cx- I
change tem in like manner th date of I'm - i- I
ing. however, lK?ing July 1, 1864. t
The 100 per eont. t.-.x. r.ayabV .T .r.'i f.
1865. on bills not fumted, dcs uA 'ntfi to
apply, however, to $5 bills.
uiMun? oi Dius ucuer are not1
affected by the fuuding act. So much far liol ier i
of nan-interest bearing nete. -
0. Holder of $7.30 notes cannot use them !
longer in payment of public dues. Thej vr !
converted, by the direet operation of the act, '
into bonds payable two years after reace. !
6. Holders of call certificates are governed
by the same provisions as holder of the cur- j
rency into which these were convertible. If !
uotconverted, interest will be paid on two-thirds 1
of their face, after April 1, 1864, and they
continue convertible into treasurv notes r.f tfee
new issue at the rate of $2 of new for $3 of j
old. Holders of such certificates under the act i
cf March 2d, 1803, can (by section 18) receive f
the bonds therein provided for.
The incidents of the new issue of treasury 'i,
notes are as follows, viz: '
1. They are payable two years after peace, j
and receivable fi r al! public dues (except ex- f
port and import dut.es.) I
2. They are issued in exchange for old j
notes only, at the rate of $r of new f.,r &3 of
old bills. ;
3. To prevent excess of currency iiereafter.
For $3 or old bids received into the Treasu-
ry, whether in ixchaoge f r new issue or for j, .
4 per cent, bonds or call certificates, there may
be issuet! from the Treasury $2 of new notes.
The aggregate iwsne. of new no'es is, there ?
foie, peremptorily restricted to two-thiids of
the amount of the old. (
All iurmer laws authorifiitig the. issue off
treasury notes are repealed.
. The incidents of the 4 p r 'centl bonds are
as follows: t
1. Not being held Feb. 17, 1864, they arf4
not taxed in 1864. i
2. They are receivable, ac their face, with-
out interest, iu payment of all government j
dues payable in ISO 4. K
3. T.'tey are payable iu 20 year, with iu- ?
terest in January and July. After this year,
if taxation continues huh, the debt thus
funded will not be in'ercti beartnq againt the I
government.
4. Tiiey are regialervd bonds not tovjmi ;
bonds ;ut not negotiable by deiirery, tut ;
only by transfer on the books of the Treasury r
Department.
5. Until the bonds arc !ssn?d, entificatrs
re given. I'rovinion is ia.id--J far elTeni..
meiit, and for an increased cutntcr of Dotjsi-
tanes.
Ms. Memminger warns paopl agaiirst bg
ginniutoo late, aud the risks of bein crow
ded out, in the mechanical difficulty of get
ting the money counted.
States holding treasuiy notes :re allowed
to fund them in elx psr cent, bonds by Jan
uary 1,1805; tho'-e lece-ived tuto the State
treasury prior to April 1.1864, to bo fun. led j
at par ; those after that dale ut 3 of old cur- !
reney for $2 of bonds. i
lianks holding Cos-ded.ra(e treasury notes'
on dejiosit, it sems, are expected to fund
them, it being assumed that th y can pay de
positors with the tout percent. b;rids. in lieu I
o! currency. A special arrangeaienl is ms.de!
by water. "the depositor can reconvert the bond !
into rncney of the, old issue prior to April 1,
ierj, sunjecr, oi couise, tc tne tax ot that
date. The object of this provision in 4o all w
to the depositor the option of funding or pay
ing G3j per cent. tax. Some ot tho banks
have given n -tice to their de'pcbUors in ac
cordauce with the foregoing provisions,,
Of course the hanks will av.k in. ch's in.itter
Uj'on t'ne highc-st legal advice. Mistake is
ruin. Fcr, it it were hsdd by the courts that
the four per cent, it.xk could not be piid to
unwilhng depositors, the banks have no other
means oi ptyiueut. They can, however, con
vert their general djpsoits, by notice, into I
special tfeposits.. iticv oan, by notice cease
their agency lor depositors, or require the
withdrawal of their deposits.- Winch' counts
me roVh "'Hall mo
no difference which. party funds the bills the
bank ev the elepositor.
The Tight to issu treasiry notg being
withdrawn from the Treasury Department, it
became necessary to provide other means for
the support of the Government. The law
author zes the Secretary of the Treasury to
issue and uegot.iat certain highly privileged
bonds, not txceeding $500 000 OJO of long
date -30 ytaisor more bearing six per cent,
interest, payable semi-annually in January
and July : not sunjec- to taxa ion ; secured by
-i pledge of all import duties beret fore laid,.
and ad export duties to be hereafter laid ; and
the coupons, with gold, -si lever, or exchange,
to be the only means of paying su h duties.
These bunds ne to be sold on the best terms
practicable, for new issues, or old i.sues at
their reduced value.
Again: The Secretary is authorized, by
couseutof extractors, te pay ihem ma six
per cent, certificate of indebtedness, untaxed,
and navable two years after peace.
The 42d section oi the rtct of May 1, 1853,
as to five per cent, call certificates, is re-
rjealeKi.
Such are the provisions of the funding act.
dutiks of tax t axer and ctjrbxnct
h -lders is e?rder of time.
Before April 1, 1864 Give in profits of
1863 on purchase and sale ot merchandize,
&c. and pay 10 ner cent, tax now due
Corporations give iu txcess of profits for 186-3
ever 25 per cent., and pay 25 per cent, tax
now due.
fund $100 notes non-interest bearing.
Fund 50s, 20s, and 10s for four per cent.
bonds.
Provide enough of such bonds to pay taxes
due in 1864. and as many more as you please.
April 1, 1864 Register and paj taxes on
sales and profits under act of 1S63.
You can now exchange 50s, 20s, and 10s, for
new issues.
Before June 1, 1864 Give in property tax at
value or property in lobO.
1. Value of land, negroes, (unless bought
since January 1, 1862 then give in price
paid for toem) plantation stock, mules, nor
ses, cittle, and all live stock, plantation tools
and provisions, and all property employed in
agricuhure.
Keep this separate from the other property
because it is to be paid in the tithe, or the
ralue of the latter deducted from the tax.
2. Other property, viz: real estate not
used in agriculture, furniture, books, pro is
ions, utensils, cotton, tobacco, &c. (But if
cotton and toba co, bought since January,
1862, value it st the price paid for it.)
3. Coin arid bullicn held in this country,
Confederate bonds, (not including the 4 per
cent, bonds last authorised) bank bills, and
other currency, (exc;pt non-interest bearin.5
Confederate Treasury notes, and except capi
V
tal or notes, Ac, employed in tnds, ut':rwfa;j
taxed. J also, ercdru. note, nrf.mit. itc.
4 Money hM abroad, t i?s rmitet value
i" cnrrvT.ry. ,
i. Joint stock, at rti-ukct vlue in ;i--.-4ey.
jewelry :nd watches, (10 percent,
.M.-rchnUtliy is not- ;iver im r'T i ix1 us
propr, ty, th incoHi Ikm n taxef.
June 1, J864 Pay property UX mt the
foregoing except on agricultural properrr;m
this psy tithes, from time to time and tbw
res'dne. wMen ascertaiBed. in money.
Tay gold and silver coin tax, exchaujc, io.,
tn kind.
lltttr July 1. 18C4. fund $5 bills.
uly 1, 1861. Qi?e in and pay aale or pj-ofit
taxre-r, auder act 1863; commence payment of
tit'atv, from, time to time, as crops are gather
ed. Octoier J, 1864. Sslts and profit taxes
ag-iin.
Continue .o oar tithe-
January , 18C5. and profit tsxci
arain.
Income tax for 2864 now dac.
From income exelude houe ren servant
hire, iut -reston iiotes. valuvof ctttfe and beef
sold, aud any other income derised from taxed
lronerv. ,
Salaiy for 1854.
Give ii and pay extra profit tax levied bv
I ate act, for 1864.
Crpraliot! tax exces of profits are 25
jer cent. Corporations py no otner income
tax for 1864. The stockholders pay tho tax
on the SHck, as property. Juan 1, 1864.
March 3, 1835 Cotion and bacon tithes.
Pay reivbie of agrieuiturHl tax of 1864.
As the taxo- due it? 15S4 ae payable in 4
3er cent. Ixinds, it is tQipetant to know w hich
taxes ur; due this year. It is tt be renisrked
thatlhe. titles of Ciru ate not so payable.
What fixes are?
1. Tho whole property tx of evrv s.rt,
(iilhes excepted) ; the tax on goVI and" silver
plate, jewelry, watches, &o. ; the tax on joint
ock.
Query. -Will the 4 per cent. Wads pay the
taxeii ou coin, exchange, eredtts, bands' and
currency ? W think loL Tiioy ara t be
jjiid in kind.
2 TU-j extra proSt tar ef 1 per rent., .-n
prohthof 1S63. is oowdLS.
3. Tne registry au i grwta sales Ux-s.for
April, Ju j and October.
But turt the income, salary ,,r prof.s.o.,)ii.l
taxes for ISC4, which are ptyab'e Jnui'-v 1
1865. ' "
THE VOICE OF TUfi ARHY.
Camp 5r X. C TK-mts I
: March 18h, 1803. J
"Mks!.i. Kditors: Duubtless von know the.l
una 01 wtioni 1 propo?i to write, at least by
c :irac4er, and froln the rrpuiatton which he
vcr bore among his co.urdas, you will take
pleasure in publishing a l-ih-f ad m-.-dtst
iribute.to his memory.
Newell D. Ifriders vol inleded in tj.). C.
6i reg't N. 0. S:ato trtvs. on Ti) 80rh t
May, .1361. From that time forward, he
participateil iu every fi-ht in nhich Us rei- i
m nt was cned, ex-cpt the Or.M M u..ss, f
(iic b'ing sick at thut I'wav). Although n;t '
waving hd the a irautae af aa eduction,
n r mingled muvh in soc:.eir.yt fjr linger- j
en.ua d;:.po5itiia r-nd 5011 naiiir, lie wast
b'jloved, autt by hi fortitude on the march i
and nobhi Uarin.j, n-.inos r.jci intrepidity iu !
t-e bcrir: batt-e, !.e cu:vni:dcd UieV.'c-m 1
an l alrirati.)n .if a! !! e j.pni..nii. 1
Aflmi :hm h;it.'i? rf Cfiafireil- r?vifle ho wa '
t.hi--a, hy-tiio x-cio j.nu j , t-hr
fvisni i.-t worthy wvnmz them to wrar the i
bridge ci iiosjor :id merit. ' 1
On the is'c cf duly. ISnS at Gcfty.Hhu.-g, !
ho l.obiy laid Ir's life 0:1 th.-' aitar of his co.in- '
hy . s a hi e fic:in,e at the. s'.riii: of libeny.
Now, -rrn.-des let us follow his eximp'r;
Rtid turning a dctf rar tho tti.'ea and hick-
critics at h-m?, 1-t t:n en icaroy b impress:
ttpou the miud3tlio f.n. that vo pever? i
the memory of th.joe who are gone, aud by :
the help of Ge-d, we will, with a sure and
swift justice, avenge the d-ath of thoiy uh-.ni j
thy have sfMitto an uufiniciy- rate. ;
So insciiptiotj u.rs tha humble iimund
b..'!caih whu-h.he reprises, but hi name is i
enjrav'd among thtt ciori-.ns ' ii-;d, snd vriij !
da-.cirnl to posterity as a cu tvr to 1
of free-lorn.. "
-Renniwji injfcc:' is tl eJVj W. .
- .
For the Conft derate.
Messrs. Editors An examination would doubt
less prove the fact, that in the pile of ' rejected
manuscript in your ofhee, there are a great
many letters from the army. I shall Jiot claim
in advance, ny peculiar merit for a brief com
niuuic itiou, which I have taken the liberty of
preparing hastily, f jt the "Confederate," which
shall consign it to the corapsitor's room. A
n itive of North Carolina, all my interests being
allied with hers, elated at her prosperity and
depressed at her adversity, I am gratified to
know that we have published at our Capitol, a
eterlirg and indepcok3ant newspaper, whose
editors ably defend the honor and advocate the
rights of our great aud noble Commonwealth,
reflecting the patriotic sentiments of the masses,
aud yielding to the Confederate Government
that zealous support which it is the duty of
every honorable and patriotic man to accord.
Tday you live to see the good effects such a
course must inevitably produce acd to receive
the thinks of those who shall have been made
the recipients of such benefits.
I haft read with great interest and satnfac,
tiou the speech of Gov. Vance, delivered at
Wilkesboro aud am gratified to see him taking
so bold and correct a position against a State
Con veil tion, and in favor of such measures as
shall best promote the iuteregts of the State and
the Confederacy. I wish every citixen at home
and every soldier in the field could read it.
The members of Gen'l Kirkland's brigade,
com posed of the 11th, 26tb, 44th, 47tb, ar.d
52'd regiments, have passed resolutions in
siting c;,v. Vance, to visit and addiesff them..
I hope it may b.- c insistent with his ff-e'ingi
and engagements 10 comply. Bj deli vet ing
three speeches eue in Uetn's, one iu Wilcox's
and one in Rhodes's Division, nearly all the
N. C. Troops, could iave an opportunity of
hearing him.
Persevere in ybur chase cf tht ilver Grey,
and continue "pruning too, the JPn gress of ihe
Holden, truck" unjftl .We shall add-Vance. to
Ticiory 1
All is quiet on the Rapid ann.
JOIiX fiURLEY. J.
T THE STOCKHOLDERS OF THE WIL-
HIXGTOa t T7ELD0K It. It. CO.
W. k W. R. R. Co., Pais'T Orrics,
March 5th, 1864. j
THE tax due for ike ptessnt year to tht Cos
federate States on the shares of the Capital
Htock of this Corporation, will be returned and
paid, by the Corporation, and under reguIatRn
te be issued by the Secretary of the Tressnry,
the respective shareholders Ul be exempt from
the retain or payment of this particular tax. .
8. D. WALLACE,
mh ;3-49-dwtlfta President.
T E L E G K A P 11 1 C ,
t KK FORTH OK THE HRF.rW AS.UCf.iTIO.X.
feotered aeoonflng M art ,f Cnb?rrii io th r-m,
1M3, bv J. S. TrtBAh, in the (lifp .r
r.f tl.e !irict Cart'f tb f.irJerie Stales
far the rWthera Iitrict it Georgia.
From Rlrhciond. "
RtCHsovo. fcsrcli H.
NotMng nf iateret hi trrirrd here for two
or three days pst. X gentlemin recently fWm
tte Xorth, states that it is undented there that
thebahrofthejrrJdia (de Taaffee treaturr ha.
long since beea aold to keep down the preimia
nd that the obj-ct of the till 'aU. j plsat br tht
8ute was te Vgalite ths acL
At auction te-dsy Caafederate bond, long dtw .
sold at the same priees obtained at tht lsst ash-'
aeks generally sH lower. Gold opened st
half advaaee. chaed at a half decline.
- Asatlur na- of trace lw W rxpctt to-mor-roK-.
Tin Nor York Herald of tlrrl4t& has b -mi
received lrrre. but contains nothing of iiricra0ce
except that Oor. Braiulctte, or K.atockv. has
remontrited againit th eufwlnient of slaves in
that State, and notify. Liacda that he will vx.
cute the lews of Kentacky ag.i0 t ,u llo Riar
attempt to tk? slaves frour thir owsers n Uht
their consent.
ei. Grant will return to w'ribfc,,,, 1, ,U
er.nrno of two or three weeks.
Cold in Xiw York quoted at ICo.
KicaaoM), March 21.
Tts Herald of the l&iii, c ontains tha proee.1
lags and speeches of a monster mass-meeting a
Cooper Institnte, on the previous cvealug.
One rt-foaittou adopted lecomuiends reaeert-.l
ffor-s to placs at tht head of the (Jovrrnmsat a.
a man wbo.e wii-Hom. fniegritj, and firraoes rae
ev-ntry m-yrely upon Sor rf.s speedy surrrssi..n
tf the rebellion, a rssntkis of b'o'oJiheJ. ths
mslntenencevf tLa Cnion,. aT tbe indenendea,
of the States.
Another resoletiua dfelarea in faror ..f MeClb
Un lUr 1'rcvident. Thay were aJupied UL a--clamation,
' '
A bajr of rror'a livo ,trou- ve repot t4 t
ithin fifteen iaUv.,r Uu andett , W.-.'.-tn Vir.
giui 1.
0v.-rbmeiit s-. urllis havcu'-virufe :; ),r (Vnt
in .w York. A freight traia ws i-.pt.rs4 an4
Tw I'aris turrejpnuui'i.t .i tLe Sm Xr.rV Mm-,
says lac. French gorerum-tit ba nillcWt
notifie I that they wiil br hH,f nitl- f,- .Br
iaa--ihe llsppahannock uy do to .weiuau
coiairprce.
A formidable esditian up tlio rd river i
frei ly spokea of it. the Vant.oe pspeis.
from flciu JohnMon's Army,
lHTo, March is.
.Miieriiaius quiet bt-yuiid Tanna! Hill, ani ar,-peara-iccs
are unfavorable fir un eiigagruent at
aueerly day. Uividea drills are still the ardr
of the .lay, and iaUn-iting rirals re g.angim
iu tb. Tarious irethodwt b tu t hoa here.
Fron lien, lev Arj.
eHiVir. i it , Maich is.
All oniet in front t. .a.r. thjl...nr Mill hi.idifi
thrir picket Jin. Th- r.-nf. ri c.(ff
ditioti, k:d the weaihcr p!?itait.
Another Arrlral of rrhonrm.
tfn ini j.st), JJarth 1.
Th- st.:aiuer .New Yotk arriveci at C;tr Ta-m
to-dar Tith elcren LunJrrd mrn, f.itty i.nt
f a.- i itlii. '
(icorsia Le'Maturr.
k Mit i.n h r: 't March 1.
-.-inn iTeho Lgi.latuie ri pmloiig-i
'dirk to tdght.
pkcomo mspatch.
MlU.LI;GKrfU.K M-.rth l!.
lion pas?d lit Ian niht. Si -n h 1 i,t-.
Th
titi 1!
Solute
i hjilsat cor ft r Iwa -f . -
jiTttF.i Cfivti rr ilAfLia.
(liiune reennidred its r tl? on th'J parsar
phens reKolutioa, on ft'iie hj th
r.Mlu-
iota Oi IUO speaikrr.
Fnndlns In Macon,
Macos Msreh U.
Kiht minions fiTe hundred and fifty thou.nd
dollars uer e funded hre in four per cent, r tock
up tw la.t cuht.
IFrem the .North and Kriropr.
IslcH0?fP Msnh 10.
United States pdpr of the 17th went reriircl
this moriing at City Point. Wahingloo b.
patches stats potitir-jl.v tktt Mcsde, will be m
perceJed oext week. Ui mcceaanr not name.!.
Lincoln hss ordered another draft of two hun
dred thousand on the 15th of April, to proride iu
adequate renerve force for all vahtingiuciev. It
pi Wiieved in New York that tho Italian ship Kf.
galstinoe foundered at sea no ths 7th, itb four
hundred men on board.
The bill autboriting the ult of gold, has psad
both Uouses cfCongrcta. Cld cloed at fl! on
the a'fternoon of the same day, (th lfitb,) iu NW
York. Europ-s an advices np to the Ctb, coutsin
nothing confirmatory of the recognition rumors,
except the statement that Commissioner Mason
has rturned to London, as is supposed io connec
tion ttith the allege" rewgnition negotiation.
The Chic go times advises armed resUttr.ce and
tttaltation. A letter frem Yalaadigham gi
similar council to the Democrats The small pot
is spreading in the West. At Cincinnati, it i
wotae than ever known before. At Cleveland
twelve hundred cases are reported.
Fremont has superceded Giliaofe la command
at Charleston. .
' was attended by over six thousand persons, on the
3d instant.
Mfcximillian arrived at Paris oa tht Cth, sad
will embark for Mexico on the 25th.
" It U reported that Gee. W. F. Smith is V b?
asaigned to the command of tho Arrov oi" ih
Potomac, at the psrticolar request of Gen. Grant.
The y. Y. World denounces Batler ss a wsli
cions and inhuman brute.
A dangtrous state of feeling is growing np iu
the West. The democrats are organisipg to pro.
tect themselves against soldiers who are ern
mining outrsges withoat rtboke keu iailitarv
authorities.
In New York, on the lTth, gold advanced,
closing at 163.
Utn. Grant has formally taken command of the
Federal armies. His headquarter!, for the prts.
ent. are with the army of the Potomsc.
The returned prisoners arrived this afternoon.
An imroeeae. concourse 'of people wer at the
wbaif and the eapitol square, where they were
received with unbounded ent outlasts.
A TnEASCBEL A .ldtle boy, pouxbing ou
the outskirts of Gdumbus, Ga., a few du4
ago, turned up an old iron b. contiiuni
fifty do!.ar r sM a.iid wlvr.