4 r j
HiK CONETORATE.
"77 i'. (jOlM vy CO., Proprietors.
" TERMS-:
p.ViI.V EDITION, for 6 months
i.-WEKKLr, for 6 months ; 30
.. ' S ................. i
ffl.i:Slif EDITION , for 6 month? 20
v oiipti's W'I De received on anyother
,;ukf. nuuir, uui iui n'11511 "
V'ltv. I iccoln met our comruhi .ners, oh j
.-, . tronM.rt si!-jnfr in Hamntnn
aru '! c " i - -----4- -
x: ar-l held tl.; to.ee conference, at winch
;t,'V:'d to the "Richmond party," and
j-vHi them, to tho free pc-op'e of the Con
States. the terms as follows, on
-vh 1 e would eor.sent to ceaie the war of
j,Ti-;.?j, which he now wages upon us :
The restoration of the national aa-
v. r ;j tl. rung!. out all the State.
r.f:.d: N receding, by the Executive of
tvel'r,itt! S'atfcs, rn the slavery question,
1. -v t'.e ixsiticn assumed therein in the late
.
tsruil n.e-sha;;e to Ojngrefs, and in prcceed-
cun.er.ts.
'!"!
x i
No cessation of hostilities short of
r,n t:,i of the war, and the diubanding of all
t: o f..r:is hostile to the government.
He drew a line a marked lire upon the
cr the other side of which, every citizen of
iJ Cor. frd racy must stand. There is no in
te;r.:cdiate, neutral ground, upon which the
f-'.e of a loot can rest; because tha thre?
pr J uMii Lh, above slated, require a full, eom-r-Veand
final submission ; aa abandonment,
i i rfly of all the principles involved in the
cU-it, m-h as self g verr ment and the sov
e ti rn'x of State ; I ut ':c abandonment
a!--.., os t.'.e rery right of self defence. This
line I -ii tfcu-? e.t ibiishcd, our enemies occa
i v tl.e oLei.i. Hnd the friends of the country
I
;h?tt: (r. lie who does not then stand on
,r svi', stands with our foes; and is a public
tu'v,i. fin, I a to onr ptop:e a traitor or
a ? v. "cror-J.i:ijl'j as he avorc t cr tJisguists
his itnfi-rra nff. When a man th?nks Gcd
tL.-;t he i.evir s.ud or did anything to encour
z --i t:.:- war ; that rone of it bloo is upon
Li; i..i.-:s :' when such a man te'lsthc peo
t that th.e cr.u-e is lot ; that there is no
h.! j e ; th.it the enemy are advancing to a sure
c, :;ij !cw a of Lis wrk ; that no more white
cr. be stored s- that the negro inut
r.: I e J ut i:. ; and when he adds to this, a
enfant and systematic censure an I upbraid -in?
of our jh vcrnment, he affords a casa of
c;.r:uir.nnntWl evidence, 3 to which si le i
thv Ve 'r.r.ts himself upon, about which
a ; ;ry n-vi:Vi hardly disagree. And if this
cu'.br.-ak sh.iuIJ h ippcn, justrat the nick of
th- ei tny is advancing is gct
tir.j r. r by, atd it is supprsed that he will
p-: n arc r why, ahhorgh a man 'cannet
kr.'-'v; tut- mttives" -jf another in this case,
th'.-y n"..iy lv2 vpry accntatcly judged of.
TrVo are our opinions : but all men do
r.'.t ucrfe with us. There are men who pro
jess to see that there is yet something el?e
th;m Lincoln (S"ers. Although Lincoln is
Vi' sld'-rit ' f th Ur.ited Smte" ; although his
Ca gre.-s i C( m posed almost wholly of his
ere.it ures', who do his will, not t u'.y betause
i: is nV tii-l. but because it accsjrds with their
w;.-l.(s and h-ite ; and nl;h uh Lincoln has
jut citiod that naught but the laying down
rt i.ur arm!, and submission, will obtain even a
cc.-s'.tii'n of hostilities, yet there are men who
ei:h'T ntiVet to, or really believe, t hat rceon
f .ruction which m?.ins a restoration of the
U; i m as it was, with the United Stitrs ccn-
riituti n as il is ran be efloetcd.
i!r. Samul F. Phillip.', )f Oracge, is one of
tl.i-s cri-s ; J.-r. at a mectinj, hel 1 in the vil
i f Chaptd Hill, on the 11th of Febuary
list, h.' asserted, ia a written preamble, that
' rrc' M events otT-r to us a new phase in the
war. th-? slemn alternative of re-construction
cr amirg the ucgro."
Now. ''no man can know the motives" of
llr. Tl iiiips in making this assertion ; but
ti e c-i j-ct may be surmised to be, to have a
C i.v i;tivju in North Carolina, in. order to
nuke trin? with Lincoln, on the terms which
1 e pr p scs.
In cur opinion, a" more unfounded asTr
tioa w.s r.pvcr made in the presence of an
intelligent assembly, than was rcado in this
instance. It was w-li known to Mr. Phillips,
th it u conference had been held with Lincoln,
t: ri uh tho agency ef three of the most emi
: u.l mtn in this nation. That, in that con
ference, he would not lis'en even to a propu '
titivu tor the cessation of hostilities, unless
ot r arnres would lay down their arms, and
acefpt the authoitty of the Uuited States
hws aiid co-ititutiou tho former containiug
the Iaw confiscating th? real and personal
:a'.- vt our ciiizjr.s, and the latter, abolish-in-
slavery in a'l the States, together with
t:.f prxdatnatiens wlii.h he h"s, from tinie to
time, isMK-d ; and toge'.hcr wi'h the further
ar.noui.cfme.it, which he rr.aJe to Mr. Hun
tcr. that it would thee depend on Congress
whethor we would be allowed a representa
tion cr cot.
Yet, in the face f this, Mr. Phillips would
av3 the people cf Orange believe that
they can have a restoration of tl
ur...n, with their rights under tb.3 con
s.ituticn a3 it was. It is due to the people,
before whom Mr. Phillips makes this as-er-
tion, that he sVouli let them know if he has
any secret assurance or understanding with
tue Yankees, about which the people are in
the dark ; or, if not from whence he derives
the opinion that reconstruction cm be ob
Uiced. If reconstruciivn were possible, it is
an albrnaticc which no honorable mind can
contemplate without lurrcr. But even this is
impossible, and the ile is & deception and a
cheat. And who can tell, but that some day
other, when (Jen. Lee shall hnve driven
t
VOL. 1.
submission out of the lam!, and rec instruction
also ; and he, an ! his gh.rio-ig army, shall
have brought out for us iid'p?udence, Mr.
Phillips will le, thanking God tb:it be never
faiil or 'id anything to ncouragu" recon
struction or submission. And some one may
ask Ii'Hi, 'did you not offer a preamble at a
meeting at Chapel Hill, on the 11th dy of
February; 1865, when Jones Watson was
Chairman, reciting that thre was an allerni
ttoe of reconstruction, with tl e ohj-ct of call
iug a Convention to cotsiler tht alternative 7
To whom Mr. 'Phillips may reply, "I sup
pose such may have been the object, but no
man can tell what were my motics."
One word on the arming o? the negro. On
this point, there is a difference of opinion "ba.
tween Mr. Samul F. Phiilips and Gen. Rob't
E. Lee. Ye prefer the company of the lat-.
ter ; and we bilieve Mr. Ifallam, if he were
living, would do the same.
Gen. Johnston.
. The advent of this jr2t General to the
command of the Southern Department, has
given an impu'se to the popular confidence,
not even anticipated by his most sanguine
friends.
All men. howevertheir predilections, whetli
er for cr acainst tdm, will rally to his support;
and bear him on to tli3 discharge of his high
trust in the arms of a universal confidenco.
Gcu. Johnston is a great and brilliant military
genius ; versed thoroughly i:i the scienca of
war, and possessed in a wonderful degree, of
the capacity fjr engaging and holding the.
confidence and .affections of t5,.05c who are
brought within the ircleof his inflen-. e. Never
man had more to win then h-. Success will
put him on the summit, where no elevation
will be above him. No man kuoweth better
than he how bold, rapid, enterprising move
znents win. In the might of his brillaut genius,
and unquestioned valjr, supported by the
string arms of a determined soldiery, the peo
ple put their trust; ?.nd lock to see danger
averted, acd safety acquired, by skill and
courage made secure.
Enconraging.
The telegram to day informs us that Con
gress at last at last has b?gun to hear tli2
voice i f the nation and r ecd its appeal. The
tax bill has pasted. The exemption bill also.
And, by this time, as we r:te , we-feel sure
the negro bill ha3 received the sanction of the
Senate, and is to become a liw. There are
thousai ds of m asters ready to ffer their ne
groes, r.s they have offered their children, to
the glorious cane of independence. Thrre
are more than thousands of negr es intelli
gent, brave and faithlul that wait but the
word to cDrol under the bar ots of freedom
and com. try. Nunc vA roixc t those tcho
vclunt er. A'o one, uiH le fnrc:d to accept
tht honor of a part in the army; but those who
do ame. and serve faithfully, will assurtd'y
receive their reward.
The north is more and more alarmed, that
we are about to use the negro. The New
York Tribune speaks ot it u ith drtfad. Fut
lcr wonders we have not done it loig ago.
Shcronan dare not brin tke negro troops with
him in his present campaign. Already they
have Leri tf ct tin try acd frc.dom, oniur
a
side ; and are ready to come over. In Rich
mond, volunteering i; a'ready begun. In
Georgia, the negroes wh were seiz3d by
Sherman and efc.ip.d, are organizing into
regiments. Teu ac stated to ba already
fjimd.
In Alabama, the. war spirit is thoroughly
arou-ed. An immcme meeting at Taladcga,
the other day, sat thoughout the d iy amid
enthusiasm, biirpa.'-ing that f 1801. Ofga
nizatiou is rrpid'y ging on, aid F.rrest
animates the masses. North Carolina will be
D3 laggard. Ilt-r future is full of brightness.
2fjt many days hence, an 1 li will crown
her past fame with an undying lustre-
We speak with the assurance of hope and
confidence, when wecounsel firmness, devotion,
unanimity. The cause hastens to a sati factory
conclusion. Help to push it, ye people, who
h ive all at stake and know bow to appreciate
the value cf liberty.
We publish t )-day from the Charlotte Bul
letin, a spicy ofiicial correspondenca . between
Gen. Wade Hampton and Sherman. Rjad
it.
Declared Exchanged. It will be feen
by reference to our telegraphic column, that
our authorities have declared f xchanged all
Confederate prisoners, wfco were landed at
Charleston and Savamah during the months
of November and December of last year, and
all landed on James river prior to the 15th
day of March. This exchange, we thinkj will
add twenty or thirty thousand soldiers to our
armies.
Organized The 2d Regiment of Home
Guard was organized on yesterday, at Camp
Mangum, by the election cf J. Masteo, of For
eythe, Colonel ; Furman Dow J, of ffake, Lieut.
Colonel, and Samuel PattersoD, of Orange,
Major.
At a later hour, the 1st Regent of Home
Guard was also organized by the "election of
W. F. Greene, of Franklin, Colonel; D. C
Clark, of Halifax, Lieut. Colonel, aad Joseph
Jenkins, of Nash, Major.
fP nfl
RALEIGH, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 15, 18C5.
From the Conservative.
Cut pel Hill, 23d Feb. 18G5.
M. S. RrlBIKS, E.,
Deai fir. The letter of Mr. Samuel F.
Phillip in your paptir of the 21st, requires
some answer at my hands, and ou will
oblige me by allowing me the necessary
space.
Mr.P. says the account of the meeting makes
it appear that. "the chairman counted both
sides." It was submitted to Mr. P. by the
Secretary, and his criticism is clearly an after
thought; and the conclusion of a lawyer and
politician in hii own, case, and no d urj' much
influenced, as such opinions usualjy art, by
the desire to have it so. If might not 1- ok so
to a disinterested person, and no doubt, did
not to the gentlemen who prepared it.
But Mr. Puiilis proftsic-s to give facts
First he sajs, "tellers were appointed, one fur
each side." 1 his is not true. As Chf.irman
it was my office to appoint them, a d I neither
appointed tellers' myself nor authorized any
o-her person to do so. The truth is, mine
were appointed, but when the divison was
made, seeing- some one counting those in the
affirmative, I counted the negative. He. says
himself, "a tellsr counted one side, the Chair
man the oMier." Where was the other if two
were appointed as he says? Is it not "rather
CM anomaly" that one teller and he self cun
s:i:uted t r th isi n oy Mr. 'Phillips should aloi e
make the count. en his sule. This person
reported but 62 votes, and it was allowed al
tht ugh a gentleman stated openly thU he had
c tinted also, and J hero were but 42. Surely
Mr. Phiilips ought i.ot to complain of "this
r:ssage in ti e occurences of the meeting of
Saturday'
Second he says, the larger put of thoso
who 'voted in the nrgitie werebiys. This
is untrue. Among the 81 votes counted by
rne in the negative, there were soiao under
twenty jears ofcage, but not enough to
change the result; and none tinder conscript
age were counted. As it wns a question be
tween fighting und submisti.n. I thought
ami still think, that those who might be called
upon t do the former were aa much entitled
to vote upon it as those who were in favor of
the latter, and always took care to provide a
safe official bomb pro f at home. I also
counted genth men now residing lure, but not
permanent citizens. But of this Mr. Philips
can not complain, f tv I am informed citizens
of Chatham as well as loys voted on his side,
and I heard him solicit two persons, whom
he knew to ba citizens of that couuty, to vote
with him."
Then he says "I find that 70 citizens of
Orar,g, county voted to strike cut and abcut
22 in the negative." When did he fiod this
out ? Not at the meeting surclv, bectuse the
claim then was G2 all told. How did Jie
find it out ? He gives no bttt r reason than
that he has taken down tho names c f all over
21 who were present. I suspect he idid it
pri.tty much in the same way that ho discov
ered amongst them "some of the highest dig
nitaries of the Sta'e." Me evidently alludes
to two gentlemen whom he called by namo in
the meeting of Friday, and in whose abserco
he alleged that no resolutions passed would
be regarded by the public as expressing the
S' ntimcnts of this community. One of them
otf r.d a resolution in the meeting, as he said,
lor the purpose of m king k:u vn his views,
and to avoid any misapprehension in regard
to tlx m and b.3s since denied y ublicly that he
voted for Mr. Phillips' proposition, or author
ized anyone to count him on that side at tho
meeting or since. Msk'njr tho same allow
ance, that i, one half, in Mr. Phiilips' figtiTs,
and peihaps the result would be nearer the
truth.
In this connection it would, perhaps, be
well enough to remark up .n two thit.g.s in
Mr. Phillips' speech of Saturday, both going
to show his rare candor and sincerity. He
was asked df he was willing to reconstruct
upon tie ttrms proposed to our commissioners
bv Lincoln. He rended that he intended to
be candid and would answer belore he pot
through to do it then wmld break tho thread
of his ditconrse, so he passed on and never
alluded to the question agaiu. He alsos iid
that he had never s-ud or done anything to
encourage the war, a? d thunked God with
uplifted hands that the blood c f no one of the
slain was upoi his hands, and calicd upon
me to bear witness to the truth of his asser
tion. But said I, 'Mr. Phillip, d:d you not
make speeches in 1861 with the view to get
men to volunter?' He. replied he had made
speeches bat Dot for that purpiso. I then
put this direct question, 'did not you and my
self in that year, by invitation, attend and ad
dress a meeting at White Cros;,"tl)e olj.ct of
which was to raise volunteers ?' His answer,
was 'I suppose that was the object, but no man
could knowmy motives.' A man who -speaks
with oue oVjct and and a different motive,
has all the genius necessary to make the
figure 1 ply the trick of locking like the fig
ure z.
I think the position taken by Mr. Phillips
io this speech ought to be known. lie was
understood to argue that it would be neither
ruinous nor dishonorable to accept Lin
coln's terms. He dechrcd that the cause of
the Confederate States was lest unless negroes
were nut into the armv and that doing go-
would only make matters wors-e. That 'the
war beguu to perpetuate slavery.' That those
who opposed reconstruction had don? so upon
the ground that the" State would be reduced
to a territory, but now that Lincoln proposed
to receive her back n a State, they were seek
ing other and new grounds of opposition
And much more -of the same sort of misstate
ment, appealnig to prejudice and demasogism
al ke unworthy of the occasion and the sub
jects under discussion.,
I have heretofore been the personal and
political friend of Mr. Phillips, and with this
remark I leave the controversy with the hope
th it should the public discover 'obvious zeal'
on my part they will also discover that it is
displayed for and not against my country.
Very respectfully,
JONES WATSON.
Ten Regiments ot Contrabands Enlis
ted in Geokgia. It is sa-d that ten regi
ments lave been rtcroited from amonff the
contrabands who joined Sherman iu his recent
march through Georgia, and further large ad
ditions are expected to this force from his
present campaign.
J" p "pi
Three hundred paroled prisoners (officers)
reached Richmond on Friday evening, the
3d, inst. They had been coafined on .John
son's Island, io Lake Erie, for twenty months
and more, and had ample opportunity of judg
ing from the newspapers of tho country,
which were freely circulated in prison, the
purposes, and aims of the Federal Govern
ment towards us, in the event of our subju
gation. These gentlemen camo home more
than ever convinced that there is no silvation-
for us iu anything short of absolute Indepen
dence. Subjngation i nd submission, en any
terms that can be had, are tho same, and
cither' would involve a degradation and politi
cal slavery infinitely worse than that of Po
land. Just before lauding, Resolutions to
the following effect, expressive of the unani
mous sentiment of these officers, were intro
duced by Gol. John A. Fite, of Tcnucssee, and
adopted with acclamation:
Resolved, That upon again treading a soil
consecrated to constitutionaldiberty, the first
sentiine&t that fills our bjsoms is that of
diuDe gratitude to Almighty God, for having
permitted us to see this tlay ; and that we
here and now declare anew our determina
tion to devote all our energies, and if need
be our lives, to the sacred cause of our
country.
Resolved, That with a firm reliance upon
the justice of that cause and a confident trust
that a just Providence will not pormit a people,
worthy of freedom, to be reduced to a state of
the meanest vassalage, we elo not desire to
see this wat end (although we love peace, and
long for her blessings) until we shall be in
dependent of, aud wholly 1'rco from all con
nection with a Government, whose domina
tion over us would be that of unlimited power,
impelled by diabolical hate and malice, corns
pared with which the despotism of Russia
would be mild, and the tyrrany of Austria,
would be liberty."
Let the sentiments expressed by these
prisoners actuate all our prople. Let every
man to his work, and less than six months
will sec us a free prople. Submit, aud six
months wi I find us the slaves of merciles
and vindictive task-masters.
Eloquent Extract.
The following eloquent extract from tho
great speech of Mr. Henry, of Tennessee, de
livered sometime since the Confederate States
Senate, has been sent to us by a venerable
Christian gentlemen, with the request that
we should publish it avd invito attention to it,
and exhort all to imbibe i's spirit, and he
thinks that Sunday-schcol scholars would do
well to commit it to memory, that it may
assist in moulding their characters and pre
paring them to grow up patriots as well as
Christians .
'Reunion with them? No sir; never! There
is a gulf that rolls between us. It is a gulf
of blood, without a shore and without a bot
tom, and is as iin passable as that which sepa
rates Dives from Lazarus. Tho mute objects
of nature; our desecrated churches and altars:
our sweet valleys drenclrd in blood and
charred by fire, forbid it. The dead would
cry out against it from their gory b?ds. The
bio )d of my own sen, yet unavenged, cries to
Heaven from the ground for vei g ance. Th?
thousands who are sleepinig red in their
graves wou'd aw..ke and utter their solemn
protest. Stcnewall Jackson, Pi.dk, Stuart.
Rhodes, Morgan, Pteston Smith, and the
thousands over wh so rema'us a monument to
the unknown deacf shall bo raised, are speak
ing in tcnrs of thunder against it, and can it
be the living only will be dumb? Sir, those
who have died in this war, are not dead to
us.
"E'en in'their ashes live their wonted fires.'
They are in the light of their example more
worthy than the living. Their spirits walk
abroad, and ir the hearts if living men to d
or die iu the cause of liberty. We cherish their
memory. Weeping virpins and devoted
mothers shall kneel arouud their tombs and
bedew with their tears the graves where they
sleep. Poetry shall embalm th?ir memory,
and miustrclsy p -rpetuate their lame forever.
We give in charge their nanv-s to the sweet
lyre. The historic muse, proud of her treas
ure, shah marsh with it down tj the latest
times, aud sculpture, in her turn, shall give
bond in stone aud ever luring brass, to guard
them and immortalize her trust 1 The sol
diers who have dkd in this war are not only
enshrined in the innermost core of our hearts,
but, to the mind's eye, are ever in our sight."
"Oj fame's eternal campiug ground,
Their silent tents are spread ;
And glory guards with solemn round,
The bivouac of the dead."
Good An vice. The Fayettevil'e Observer
has seen aietterfrom a North Carolina ofiicer
in Lee's army, from which it makes the foU
lowing.exiract. Th" officer is-suftering from
a painful wcund received during the lrst
Summer s glorious eampaign, and has ben
recommended to be "retired" fro,m the fer
vico in cocs2qt:cnce of that wound. But he
declines to avail himself of that opportunity
to retire honorably from the post of danger
and duty, preferring to endure pain and face
the enemy at the head cf his command. He
says :
"If the people at hnrre would but shut
their croakiug mouths, cpen their, well filled
. i i i
granaries ana sth k nouses ana renuer a
more generous support to the administration
and the Army, instead ol elegging our ener
gies by the evil influences, long faces and
subjugated talk, our hardship would be less,
the fighting more decisive, add conseqocntly
the cews" would be better ai d more en
couraging
The First Instance. MartinvR. Delaney,
a full blooded negro, has received a commis
sion as Major in the United States colored
volunteer service, and has bean ordered to re
port to General Saxton, at Hilton Head,
for assignment to duty. This is the first in
stance ot a negro receiving a commission as a
field officer except ai a surgeon.
D
NO. 48.
A few days ago the lUleigh Cbnwrctfr
took occasion to dis.-er.t- fr. in the opinion of
. the irAiV that a majority f tho people of t:.e
South had c-.rae to a occlusion favorable to
the employment of negroes as s-ldiers In the
army. Or rather tbe Cojisercalire applies ltd
dissent to the people of North Carolina, whom
it declares to be generally opp-ved to the
m-a-nre. The Go dsboro State. Journal on
the contrary, supports the views f the Wloq
even to the extent f .asserting that public
opinion iu North Carolina, so far fr m beW
hostile to, is decidedly fav rable lo tho pr
jct That paper, says, "Our belief is found i
ed upon a pretty general intercourse with
" the people of North Crolira. particularly Df
" this section of the Stat", th 4t th Whig's
" statement is correct. The oolv nvn we
" encounter opposed to the measure, are these
".who have t-teadily opposed every act of the
" Government and Congress tending to a
" vigorous prosecution of the war. The men
" who opposed all the conscription acts, be
' cause they preferred submission to a manly
"effort fcr indrpendci.ee, now oppose the
" arming of the negro, for the same reason.'
It is undoubtedly true that those who have
cherished a latent opposition to our struggle
for independence, those who have becomo
hopeless f the cause and wish to abandon it,
are opposed to the treasure They very natu
rally argue against the employment of any
means tha.t may contribute to prolong our
resistance, or assure our success. Of course they
do not rest their opposition on these grounds,
because it would then he deprived of any
efficacy ; but they eagerly sciyt upon the ob
jections which havo been urged against tho
experiment, and which, though at first enter
tained by almost nil of our people, have a
hut been abandoned by a large prop rtion of
them. It is fact that the vpry persons who
influenced by this latent hostdity to our cius,
have taken up acd warm'y pr-ss these other
wise rapidly failing objections, are tho very
. persons who, with the same mo'ives, in the
earlier stages of the war, urged as an objec
tion asainst the Confederato authorities that -they
did not adopt this very expedient; It
was speciously argued to be au evidenc? of th
- intrinsic weakness of our sys'em that we did
not venture -to avail ourselves of the rosour-c-s
offered by a nunirroos class pf our p opula
tion. Nevertheless, it would bo extremely un
just to attribute such motives to all, or cvenio
. a majority, of the opp nents wf the project
in questiou. Most of them "are sincere in
their opposition. They cling with prrsistrn
cy to the ideas which wern certainly domi
nant, on this f-ubject, throughout the South,
but a few months ao. But they d run the
hazard cf making thcm-elves liable to the
suspicion which nuit a'tuch to thofc whoso
oljctiot'S rest upon r.thrr grounds than those
of distrust of the fcHracy of the measure it
self. In other words, there are some people,
r.nt ninny pfriap, but certainly some, who
object to employing the ncioes in the army,
noT. because they thiidc that the exp riment
will fail, but because tfrey think. that it will
succeed. This is, we piesumc, the cbss of
persons alluded toby the Slate Jrtnmal,
But, we repeat, there is no real reason to
distrust the pMriothm or t: e sincerity of
ir.any who still c'.iug to their old Heas'cn this
fti' jret, and cannot per u de thcmtlven that
tie exigency demands anew lino of nobcy.
It vould be simply absurd to acense a maj iri
iy of the Senate, vsting against tlie prp isi
ti n, of any latent purpos inconsistent with
th ;ir duties to the cause and their country.
Senators of distinction, of undoubted patrio
tism of recognized abili'ty, cast their votes
against the measure. We think that they
vere mistaken. Wo think that they
fnihd to c mprelcnl ihe necessities f
the occasion. We think that - th-y
did not recognize the force of pub-
liq opinion ; we think that som of them did
notrcdl ct the wishes of their cons'ituencies ;
but we do not think that thpy were unfaith
ful. Neither do we bolievc that sectional
consid ra'ior.s influenced tho vote ; or a leat
such a sectional considerations as would itidi
cate a sop rat ion bctwpen the Gulf States
and the Border States, such as ha been hinted
at in the public prints, and ihc assumption
of which has already elated the Yankee press
with tho idea of some innate aud irrepresdb'e
an'sgonis-n between th'ose tw sections. In
point of fact, the vete Shows no such antagon
ism. If thrre isjwy line of separation on this
question, it separates the trans-Allegbanian
foul the Atlantic States, not tho Gulf States
from the B. rdT States. At least this would
he the result of an analysis of tho vote in the
Senate. A large majority of the Gulf Stale
Senators voted for the bill. A laro ma
jirityef the Atlantic Stato S-nUtors votrd
agamst the bill. But in reality there is no
such sectional division cf public opinion.
The grouping of Vt tes was p'irelv acci
dental. In the case of the Virginia
Senators, for ins'ancc, who voted againt
the bill, we believe their course to bo
in direct c3i tl ct with the opinions and wishes
of the people of the State. But it 'would be
unreasonable to Fupprso thata great and im
portant question like this one, too, which is
.cr mparatirely new among uj, could at once
find an afiT mative. solution. In pass ri from
the almost unanimous opposition of yesterday,
to the supremacy of to-day, it had to make
its way through all the transition ttagea of
heated debate, aod final acquiescenc3. Itwa
settled affirmatively by the public and by the
army before it made is way into Congress ;
and in that body it had to pass through the
Fame phases of Opposition and debate. We
trust that the indications of public opinion are
new so clear and decisive that the Senate will
no longer stand in the way, but will retrace
its steps and confoim gracefully to the wishes
cf the country. Rich. Whig.
Our exchanged prisioners are coming In
rapidly, and soon all will have returned. We
have had the pleasure of shakirg tbe hand of
our old comrade, Major Hill, of the 5th, who
our j.u wmrauc, a, jur , ,
has been confined at Johnsons Island since
the battle of Chancellorsvillo.
Capt. Gales has also returned and Lieut.
Matt. Manly, of Hillsboro.
We congratulate our gallant officers and
men, upon their release, and the country upon
their restoration.
Deep River Foohdet. The Senate has
passed the House bill to establish an arsenal
and foundry in the valley of Deep Rrrcr. in
this State.
J Pin
?V 4 VV
urn
II 14
IS
ADVERTISING.
ADYFRTISE1IKHTR win b inserted at mi
-olla Riper tqnare tea Vnei (r leii) fr etrh
insertion." Marriage naticei to 4 kitowiot will r
ohirgodaa adrertiiea-ent-,
JOB WORK.
JOB WORK rverv description will be x
ecutedatthiaOaicfwtU difpateb, and m ntH?
as caa be dona AojuWe ia tbe Sentbera C'oa-
ederacv. . .
Recognition of the Confrdfru y.
From the London Titnef, f ebraary 13.
o .
We are assured frtm New Yk that Prcsi-
dect Davis haS ib r4Ve i his hand, and .
can secure the iodcjendci; f the South
either with thenent of the North or adcspite
of if, accotdig o his pie.vir.
The clue to this startling mystery is to bo
found in the s'alcnvtit, firmly credited in
America, that ths Fniperr of Mexico haw
convey d in trust to th Imprn.rd the French
the northern portions of th-? Mex'cn territory,
to lr?hr1d and administered by a French vi;c
roy, in liqni ?atim of th claim of Franco
upon the M xicm G vernuent. Tnic?sioi
it is assUiiH-diii the Nrth, could nt p-pir'y
occur w ithout the reMgiiition of ihe S uthori
Confederacy by Fraoc," aud that recognition,
it is hut tier assumul in tho North, wcu'd at
onco be fallowed by this country at.d the othur
great powers of Kurc n. The presumption cur-
reuton this tiu'tject ate ptrciifttli-n-d by the an
ticipation policy on the part ot Cniedcrato
Government. UJf expected that General Lto
will decree the liberation of the negroes of tho
South, and cad them as frcemru into the
ranks f h s armies. Such a mt-a-.titf, it i.i
argudl. would uot only furnish the Confede
racy with two hundred thousand soldiers, but
would remove thr obstacle which prevents tho
governments of Rurftpe from pe g" zing the
iudependence ol the Southern Sta'e. 1 ho
new Confederacy would r.o longer represent a
slavcholding power, the injurious stinm
would bo ell'iced, and the Huropran Sta'.es
idht welcome The Stithern republic without
ft nee or scandal. Fr. tn all this it foil iw
t at Preiidt nt Davis, If the Federals will not
grant him aeeepta'de termsiif peace, may c r
tinue the war rn conditiouB nioic favorable
than before, with France probably for an ally,
ai.d ihe otlirr I'owcrs of i'jrope for friends,
iii'I that the North, rather than encounter
this new op:ition at the present period of
th a rugg e. should ome at or cc to terms.
even on the basts, if uceeesary, of political
separation. .
The Sou'herncs have for soni tim per
uadod themselves, and aro now fully con
vinced, that if the South wonid but break
with the institution of btavery w sh'uht bo
ready io stpont of our tfutr ility and reog
nis" thegoYerntnetit of President l)-d. We
venture to atsrt that tl ore can I o no found;.
tion whatever for this prsu isio t, though wo
are not altogether surprised at it prevalence.
Tho more ardent partisans of the N urth in
this country hae s-j strenuously and pcrsda-
tently n presented the wh do war asanicm
attuggle fir Rlavery on one hido and emanci
pation on the other, that the I'edera's may
perhaj s have regjr 'ed o'ir rcrrality a dun
otdy to our national abher ctiee of the South
ern institution. They mv ut unnatnrAllf
suppose, therefore, t a'. th removal id tt.il
btrrh r weuld allow our sytnpa'hirs to st in
towards the S u'h, ami tertn'tutc tfif i npa--tiality
which wo have hithert) tn tiatai .e 1.
We do not hesitate to say that soch a presump
tion is based on compete tgnoranct cf the real
opinions of Kng'ishmen. O.tr net.tr.dity has
not be n founde 1 cn any bahnc f f Northern
and Southern claims to' faor. Discrltuit a
tion of that I- ind has druMlcsn deternritod
ihf priv.it Kvmp'ithiM of indtvidu lis, but it
las not rcs;ula'ed tho poliey of mjr ivem
ment. We bar ben neutral in thia wtr
from mere abstract principles of public policy.
We hvc stood 'aloof leasnc would havo
been ti c cx'rerr.c of politica' f'lly to intrfor",
because the war was ri. lur.f cur war. and I tt
cause we desired to remain at pc-uo.' O ir
recognition of Smilpi n ind?j e'id"nce vr.uld,
wbe i it was mub, be di tited by considra
ttoLs apj licablo not to this ca-c inTely but
t) all such cas.s, an I w.;tdd b wholy u ic -nected
with the professions, wh-MhiT po'itial
or moral, of the new cmfeleracy Interna
tnnal law and irago giv us ample guidance
f r our conduct. It is well known and cstab
litd '.in h r what circumstances niw gorern
rneet may bo recognised withotit off.'nce, and
when the C mfo h-rates have ac'jkved tho ne
cessary po'lmn they will obtain recognition
apart from ar.y ref ronco to their proposed
.institutions. . 0
Home Guaui., Attention. The follow
ing order was issued cn Saturday by Gon.
Gatlin :
Kiccutlve Department, K .C.
Adjttast GeskraisOftick,
lideijjh, Marcb 4th, 1IC5.
SrECUI. Oltt'EKS, )
No. 41
IV. The com; aires nf the Ut cla.s of tht
Guard for Ib-m Defence of I"dgecomb,
Franklia, Granville, Greene, Pitt, Halifax,
Warre:i, .lobnsun, Iinoir, lop!ia, Naab,
Samps-, n. Vi'son, and Wayne will be organis
ed into a Brgrninnt to bekr.own as the Fiiat
Rigimr-iii of Ihe 1st class of the Home Guard.
2. Thecompanian of the 1st class of the
Guard f r Horn' Defences of the counties vf
Wale, Orange, Person, Chatham, Alamance.
Cswcil, ltackiagham, Guilford, Stokes, aad
Forsyth will be organized Into a Regiment to
be known as th Second ilegiment of the lt
class of the Home Guard.
3. Brig. Gen. C. Lertnthorpe will order
an election to be held on Tuesday the 7th
instant, at Camp Ma-gum for a Colonel,
Lieutenant Colonel antl Major for each of the
above named Regiments.
By order of Got. Vahcv.
R. C. GATLIN,
Adjutant General
.
Home 1 5 f l-teh ex. Th e re are certain local-
i ties in North Carolina, and doubtless in all
the States, where every evil Influence is
brought to bear upon our noble soldiers, and
to which are evidently owing "man-f' of th
desertions that weaken out cause and disgrace
the deserters snd their families. An officer
" accou' Vl
received in battle, was speaking of this a few
, 4 - . .kA. a
now at home on account of a severe wound
days ago, and told ns bow often the best and
1 ! . J l A
most cneeriui sciaiers reiuruou gioomy ana
d'scontented to camp after a furlough. Ho
said that on remonstrating with one of his
men, an acquaintance from his own county,
he had succeeded In dispelling his gloom,
when the man apologised for it, remarking
that, "The fact is that if Jeff. Davis were to
go to tbe settlement aad stay three
weeks, I'm d d if he too woWt desert.'
finxnwni