i ii i pj VP P 'n . h i np p
VF.'!iV I 7";. V' . '"
At a la:: ivr !ir.-;v:. 4.r.. .ear'.n-al, at
t:.t Ci-jTv ri.:r.cr.
lll.vt To.va, Van .
k -A A W
1):-;:.' L:v!v four T.. anu-.c," ths
c:.iv-T;-:iU-iin:; of the r.pp.-rt! f..5
a::. ;::g t:.c : .;i"::J ".. .-!.
It is h-'ry . .;" v, tbl ii.cso
ii: '!i:i., i: .1 . W: ' . I . i i ..J. i .!! O. ljltL
1.1 '
-. : i i i r vj
J.ir.:if nuud t-r.sl renv; .-.-.: n tl.,Uc.i.u s uic.
: !al col-r.v ': . .: the
.v.... : ' : 5 : cdi h';. i, J.
v-..t .:.'.:.... 1 . r.'iY:v.:Mg..0U3
!l i t :. C;..tact 01 two
i. the r-;-:i-:. rl.il s'rnent w?
z L.-tvl r.x Jr -;:. :!. Out tf !:;?
1 ' 1 ; ,v-.
, - - ; ;. r'
IT
a
v v.-tv ' V r ii v'J
: J-
. ; . . . . '.J L
, r
: ":-.d,;t:;d
- . . - 7
! 7 tl: :
3 - , '-
or Ki.-.-.-y
. - ... '
v. i . ;.-1
A
i r i) t.: ;...: i-'-i: ,:rr-i v.vre
O ..V
. ' -. - '; -i i : ? -'
': r, -11 '.'.' v; or.' ! t '.n i'.lii:
: . : : . V ' T. ": l':.- V -v "
i J i .- . i
. . .. :.;;-.t i ; i-f v : :!:;. ;.i .. . .. iv, uave
: :i . -r I a ; ;r! li.;n o" ! ;..r? 1-. tvith
'i :". i: r. i i:i"rr ::-; f Luryv.!"? , r-; 1 r.iut
.v, i: Lripj1', n. l pjv.v"rc:i;i. I c?n
i 1 u; d-ir tf-c i-;i-crifi--n cf a v';'' ri-r
. H it Ila.i-hle: ctolcc r eld r t 1. ar
.-. i: -.I'C tl.c-m slavcc ; at:d ti.ev I u U-m
t 'jL'.crn.:n?.te !. Ao Iv:i.f.:iui prr-r. v:ib
I'. iaH.-V-rt Tovii. called tl- V-; .'
: u I! Z, - i ii
rt rv u f:" .'etir; rz" r. hi, t':I ??::cl? of the
i.'.s? r ri. c.il J.i :':rcc ci-r--.e;;V? ' l;e
2-1: ::.r : f triO t;l;!:; : -v r-fi-'c';. " - it-Hi 1 1: J
' t- '
1 ! - 4
t:.!:'!; too. Nf-f only reriou r ?:d sZcU.
lr: r;i;ivtlv rtcti::. Wo kuo
l . i : r t v I-ive ItfL-r, crne face tn r-ith
t.: .r.d --ji-nc :: the droniA of lit. It 'is
rci v ;:!;vut ti. s'in of rf mpsth?, r a
; :1 i.-t, tht v; have read of
4 :. : ; f :;:h:,y torsic-J f.trata of i.ric-i
- : j -iCv1 t-x'.i ... u' ra-.-cs of
: . v v. ; i.4 o; .,:-r?,-;.3 ex M:-ru.it h-
i '. . .'. . . : ' . .1 Ci i llicl' ctr.it lira Oil
liuS i.eto ii a race cf I.ur.vaa be
i .-. their ovn ccnsilry, in :;p:!arin
..v. - -i . .1 T .- . - Ot t. - it..l;.vi J
i .a:-'.";tivs f.-r : . : ;,f ; in t'wir own
t J": .. . iii.i'ut'y .ro:si'i!.'I-itcd their
vr, t a' .-olatt'y ti.rL-r:..inatfd, aod wiped
ct.t ;!':' l: f;..j if the earth.-
Vi'.vre ! m.u:uial I'.-saoo in this tfory.
tlAvi j:--i-:y, --n fiOLi the e.t-ict
c f.. 'i::.t- in Ni.".v ll.'.lar-d :it-' AttotralU.
It h. :; mce S'.'.i.'t'ia Tu?r. .-:.;. 1 - c
.3V t k,i
aha. i 5 tl:- ; t '::is which have
a.-3 Sr.nt two" r-.e'.'.-s-
ttrrii :y, and r..vi.
-:t on 1 1 v o :". 'J . . - :i
:i;...ti-.a t;:2 i;.Io s- K.:!tr
' i '-it to thli- f. .!
. :. -.i':: . .;.i.i - - r -, v::.?a i-:r;t-,
-.a? ;:. .: .. th- c-: diti m t; th-js
tat r;
i :
ti i i .:: i i-w t .. ar-u.) ti.: bit.
. i . . . S
i.
L'l.l : ;.o ix :::c .i.
i- i ---; i-.i cy i;.r te ..? :u-:i;:cr
trc S.. "J. r; r.yio h;;o.r? !v; : !: : .if t':is
I. a II. j t.ic. ; ;i he c :b.ir huve I' Is wKdi
1 v. --;. M ra'-htrr I i- h l':.hj::C; -b- r.'.'ov.vd to
ii.v willi Li- io-.ut.-r ;u l ih r-s; to work
a:, t to t'o cii-u.e-i a-.: t.w : io
c:a'-.:rei - a L's :.;.i;icor s i lantati. n, ai;d
v. , ..r -..-.,1 ..; ' , : - . i
;r: en oac: an
pa.-.- iu his pocfeet ; (
.:- i;i diy tr. V a!:ovred to d a j.b for hln-re-lf
ar.d tajra a Ihil ot 7tis oicn xion&r ; end
ul uvc ao, to $!'iy iu Lie ranjctin. the locality
wl.ae he wr.o horn, where Lis father end
:a ahcr ejew np and died; wo say if the r.e
Cvul l havo Lis whdi, thU is ih? rum of
1::. d.vlrc-j. The i.-ra is fol. IIo is
'Ji,;c;oni of the Lu-'dt'nj of care en iLoss '7aa
hear them, and iy Lis era freedom from
theai ; while the s-.vlr.e answera'to Lis mc, n
in" ca'l, ar.d the v. ;;rr.:n c.rn is tiDCover
td, is he shu ks i....i rings. X..t cub. is this
true cf the r.firro ; but ho It a j-x-d jada i(
hi-n-.an character. lie po-ju f:nds viit v ho i.
lis i-a.-t iricnu. . u-.sCi verod
that f.o cotitiot: - r.q"dly iroprovi: g, b--f-
re aboliti -::i?s h aan to iv ' - no bis
td.dn-; and he ib-;rafs r.i al uiitirnb:. a; .t
a yankee, whi'e hr oi.Ha in the S. uthera
xa.. If :di;;IIr pri tr.iios were J old cut f.
him t-'-rSwrr.jVv , 1-y us ir.d the Yankee?, niae
hundred and li: t-iy-nice laaf.rcc cut cf a
theas re, will prefer to tnnt their own
kern" ; -ra..
Tied. Douglas a runaway negro, who hit
Jklarvuu 6om yesrs ao, an-i bio teen a pu
cfo-i'rJn fctfo'.g-i::iuJvt! abolition women of
(Lc iNuitu rada s speech tbe other day, p.
Yurii, vhitb, vc are bound to s..y, was
a very fenibie':-x;eclr; and ib the course of
j: ks..i.l ' r.m cf Gp.vIoQ that such is tbc
c'iHU. ucc ?.ich 1 l;o, master cm inspire ovit
Li,-s?jvt?, if JviT. Iai; ops ab:ut in carnctt
I"t o 'rn.F.ea Mack i-.rry, rnahing thorn Euirabie
prVaiii(-, they cm be tnds vtry efTtCtive la
the wp.r lir S.ntbem indepenence. If Jc-vT.
Davis vii! hold ouf.to the black cf theSoutU
their freedtni ;i:rr.intre thtir frscdonj th3
no-ci-ion of .x i-itc2 of !ar.d the terrors of
! the Sith win 5 ,:ht, 2nd fizht valiantly for
t'iij "Ve believe that this Degro speaks""
t:u-r te vii:tiai:t of his people ; and we arc
rii.-f; xl tl a, ii Crnress and the States, had
! taken :-tps arly la-t (all to have gven Gen.
I.' 'j t v-.'c ht;n dr.nl tbou?atii nfgroe?, we should
I : c.;r:c t cay lve had a Yankee fo--t print on
I All t-" tbrir coarlction, say we. .These are
v.75 ih-'-y ur'jl.or.fc'-. I a the perils of' this
I r.ati.'u r.iust h iuvenive, quick o
' -i-o-r:, h Jo rc:u !:, acd qulck .to us? its
vc- ..f Cun-rcis have ndipte J a rcs-
1 oTutioa - to frrciiii a con;iaittee. of three to
j prep-.rj to il.e people cf the Confe;ki'a:e Stctej,
; c.'i a Mr $.. n'c;-.:-;.! th .. cf the unalterable
i .-a
: d--t.t:':.Jt---vtiv2 of Ctrp.rss to coctiaue, with all
i
i.o cfi-jry, tie sirg-gle for iLdcfenlesee, r.nd
1 a.---ur!c ;iui c-i i-t? S.iul triawph," &e. Well,
I r:-.x' v. lit this rtdari?, cr the resolution, be
; v. ; th? f!e uoc valne cf the rosolmiot. is
1 .s'r' y ; l'1;' li.c fact that it pass nl vnanimoudy.
j Thi-. s::cw3 pbiinly that it rat&as noth-"
! it.-'. Thcr-j cro mea who vote f.r it P"ho are
.
I pr-.-i.:;-ed tc ro buck, by reeccstruction, iutcthc
I i'aah-je j;o.veriariU to-morrow; and have f.s
' i r-j -j.id t-'. FcHj to, hia.Sclf, would Lave
: e.' .or t. r ivi.lutiou even before I12 started
11. cf hiii.'-j? cf Corgves?, d dark g intentions
! ij iv.;ti.:ta!u the tttUgglc, "be.n to grew xosipid;
j they taste like vo;;k gruel, w'ahout- salt or
! suj-ir. ' TI; ?y arc emphatically tA. If they
! were v-r-r s:j long eaoug'a tc m-the a lad"
der cf i'-liy t eii tLI lunatics to cl'mb frcia
; Ulichrnoa I to the rat.oa ; they are losh. What
1 the r.ati'i-n wants to s?e are 44 cct of Congress"
not roshiii.jr.a and eddresccs. Tac body has
j brcn ia ts :ca tcf;r niaety day, at the rauft
I eii'.lcd peri ?d cf tLe nat U u exssteuee. It
! fjeni ih.: cirr.r.cy ia a deep decline siukicg,
j day by U;y, into hcptlc-is vorthlessaess. lias
j it ar. es ltd it, aj.d ic-sterei the fiaancial health ?
j Vhtri? ;s i; reiriCfl-, ? The aggressive pressure
'of the t'ni-v has been r.npn achirsr ' vital
' f arti." Ail il-: mililar strcEgth cf the natron
j ca.r!-t Icr.g .-h.ce 10 Lavs been ascertaiaed
' drawn cut aud i.-y this time, cugbilo be ready
f a ct the pmsur 0. Has the measure of re-
a pfif.et' d? Is it evea now being e-
The Ccttfedi racy U ia its greatest danger
from the dstructi'.e ' influences . aasung cur
own Has onskt ice;, done to control
J r.i:d ch::nc tlic -e ii:!itiences ? Why, recon
! siructioa is beiGuin to be as comrron
talk now a; ;rregu!a psacc agitatiun . was
tr.v ri t s ego. Cau the country stand up Uu
d r ot:'.!'-. within and war without ? Aro
they igu-'riii-i of is at Iticbmoud ; cr is Coc
jirccs hccdlc-csly ini.inVrent 1 Will we be
btftlrr' able to rr pel the enemy after ve shall
have pennUt-rd hv-i sdvance through thfse
1 Slated, cr prepare to raeet Lim at the tLresh-
i id, and oppx:c hiia aot with the " pre
ci ;:is few " v;ho havo homo the brant but
with the r. -.ti j V? strength ? Will it ba easier
to I ce and then restore the popular hope
I a;.u ccr.Sder.cc, cr to keep and preserve thera ?
j Let us st and at encc ' acts of Cn
; .ress.:" a military bill, ea rolling the mate
i ::.u cf the laud ; a rdil uarely to prevent de
ccilhai ;ti puiiiu cenj-iracy and sedition;
j to i revct.t ikc-lr cr.mrnissioii, and, a bill, such
as t:;e Scor-ry cf the Treasury gave the
weight ot his :(r.at ficaaciai ability ia flavor .
; ta now ihrc Ljonths ago to save the na
ti a il Ci o iit a:;a cursenc' a:;d the hopes of
i il.e pci-p!o .i;l ;-ivive ; ccun ience will bs en
j khidled ; saecefs will add comfort to cur
13m these cannot be delayed. While
o:-o causultirv. the paUe of the
pativue may grow weaker, and he may die
; invhr their consuktjtioa. Iu God's mercy,
' ::lvou: :d snare us the resolutions and
! Tub NuKiri a:;d thk octji. Ia the Federal
.Ii-a;-e cf II-. p:-e;-.Mst-mves cu the 10th, in the
j dicu-sica ot the propestd amendment for the
! abolition !avory, ilr. Fernando Wood dis
.' caivd at Id c h the want of pewer aud impolicy
i of -atseiidirg hj Coastitutiou in the way pro
. pacd. liv s iii he sh ;uld, on a future cccasiou,
1 sp ak upen hv c t.ditiou of the country, and
1 atii1'!. ti io tlaoiaate the fullowing prepositions.
; iuat, a trtcatc to tbe intpnse spirit ct hanon-
: fditv whiea pvtrjn-ics all classes at the North.
"o-Cwau, syarputiiy with the North era people,
ani l: rev;.w of his efforts iu behalf of their
prc-pcrity ;i..d hap.piavs, and his struggles to
j prevent cvil.war aud its consequent horrors,
f Third, a rcifcratica cf his belief that the
j toouth e.iuaoi be centered or be ticnipelled to
! submit t a :rCtio:;:il Northern Govtrnnjen-t,
I th it even if ivJ.cc-cl to a guerrilla warfare,
I which is not probable, they cau hold the Sjuth-
er: country and render it valueless fcr at leat
j huT u etntury. Fourth, an expression of the
j Jtirersi nan j rise! pits cf the Democracy,- hich
j c.i:;uct be too -ftc-u repeated to the people, that
! they may set Low smoothly, how harraonieusly
the in- cais.ery ot the grand fabric of the f ithers
v.oulJ move on, if their" teachings wtre not ig--1
noted ant fergattca! Fifth, that the Denioc
1 racy si.llbvh 'ld ia the proud banners of the
! f jiicn the syn.b 1, cf peace, and still - labor for
j J Cvtsatiou of ii. .-tilitits, determined, if pcs.i
j tie, to rescue the sv. eet spirit of Union ere it
I prlsh aiaiJ the carriage and venqeance of civil
j w-.r. Slitt,, t! -it if tne leathern States' will
! return ro tue V:::.oo, the Northern Spates or
j people will iu turn receguize by Cousiitutka
t al a.'j?:.:!aacnt tie soveieiguty acd independence
j j'i ii -e t,ut; cr:. States" over all quesiions i.ot
j c-srrctslj dJ.g;ted to theCeaeral Geveruacnt.
J 3even;h, vd that thereupon Northern and
j oatl.-eru people sh&l! pledge themselves to a
I hettriy support of mea-iires, peaceable or forei-
hie, trihe aequsatioa of Cunadi, Mexico aiid
Cub;, ar-d the freecc'm of Ireland.
Go fd 'wly to the cr.ttrtainn.enU of .thy
j friends, btit quickly to lUtif ruit!ortu;es.
' - For .tho Confederate.
. Messrs. Editor11!: It there tti!! remain a
man, woman, or child, in this Confederacy, so
wiitully blinet to the actions as well as the
declarations of the inhuman foe, who has for
font years bor n doing all he can to crush and
destroy us, asii cherish in" his aocret hcajt,
the hope that miiy be spared, in case we
are overcome, lot him or her read the folhr.v
injr, as the expression cf the. feelia ra the
part of that grave and wealthy body, a tctiy
of tho leading men of New Yo;k, who, here
tofore, have been ht-ld iu the.li?jjhcst. respect
by the "Chamber of Commerce of New Yoik,"
and drive that hope Lorn bis heart at enc?,
aud learn that 'tis only', escape, from their
tender mereics, is in the support ofoiir armi?s
and our success on th-e field of battle. .If the
diabolical hatred and malice,' as .shown in
their bouse turnings, turning old men, wo
men aad children out of their houses in .mid
winter, without a iu-fel to eat, or wherewith
to protect themselves 'from the cold ; if their
robberries of the persons and vi datious of
weak women, the rutirdr of unresisting men,
v. omen and children, be considered, 'by so
respect al le a bod" as the Chamber of Com
merce of New York, as '.'misk arid watr
treatojent" notvwit vill tnat treatment be
when they have us t'nrble t rrttist f.r revenge,
and wholiy in thcr power, v ith all the hate
an i rtsalice bt aril g faiiatirs1, of the North,
turned 1 -oieup-in us? L t us ;iOt deceive or.r
se!es thus. No ! Not one of us will be ab
low? d to escape tiicir n aiice &nd rapacious
greed, wht ther Uni.ai man or early seces
sion'.: ts, if he have iroptrly to attract North
era avarice.
RELIEF FOR 8AY ANNAS.
At a ixeetiug of the New York Chamber of
Commerce, to consider the proposition to send
relief io the "ioyai" c:t"z3;js of -Savannah, a
nuv.ber of speeches were made. We rbave
only ' roDDa for the folloving :
Q&. Marsb'U here - arose and said 'that
with regard tofoa.xtnjr these people bact into
iht;Uiji.n, he hud'despairrd if.it entirely.
My friys d, IW. Blunt, sad i he, has recently
relumed troni 'iVntrss e, and he sjays theie
is net a particle of Union sentiment exi.-tiug
there. 1 know there is scarcely any in Louis
iana: and. I have long despaired ofanytning,
except thr-ugb bayonets and builets. Tiiis, I
am satiilitrd, is the only way that this Ufiioo
can ever bo restored. They must come" ' ack
by conquest. We have iind enough of this
milk and water business. We m have . seen,
through the process of three or b ur years,
that the only way to bring back 'the rebels is
to whip them back. We have .-:?. a that there
is no Ur.ion sentiment among ttitm. ac J th..t
they expect this kii.d of treatment and noth
ing else that they tipectnr.ver to eooas i aek
into the Union, except through the .rnceimm
'of sharp steel and hot dead. Therefore, i do
not believe in ali this tiil ; there is nothing
in it at ftlh
Gen. Wai bridge called for a fote on his
reselaticn.v Before tbe vote was puf, how
ever,
General Wctmore was in favor that nothing
should go forth from the Committee in op
positinn to -aptain Marahad's eei timents. In
the action of thfu Committee the genviment cf
Nt w York, and indeed of the whole country,
should be seen, to the effect that tbis rebell
ion is to be put clown by force of wins alone.
And, saddle the rebellion wa under itiscussiou,
be would add that Enyland and Franca are
i ccognizing the President of the United Stales
as only the V resident of a portion 9f the nation
and not if ihz uhole.
Before the met ting adjourned, Gen. Wal
biiJge expressed bimseit of a eimilar opinion
witn Captain Marshall and Gen. Watmore.
lie was in iavor of putting down the rebels
by ftrce of. arms, and attending to France and
England afterward.
For the Confederate.
Messss. IIditors: You will see by the
annexed txtiact from a loiter from that good
patriot, wise statesman, and practical man of
sense. President James Madison, that, your
correspondent II: K. B., a Norch Carolina
Farmer' is fully supported by Mr. Madison
in many of his vie s, as to our using our ne
grces tu fill tbe ranks of our armies. Please
publish the ex'ract.
(Extract from a letter written by James Mad
istn to Joseph Jones, member of Virgi ia
Assembly, dated at Philadelphia, Noy. 28,
1780-j
' Dear Sir Yours of the eighteenth came
j yesterday. I am glad to and the Legislature
persists iu th tr resolut.ou to recruit their
line of army, for the war, though without de
ciding on the expediency of the mode under
their consideration. .'Would it not be as well
to liberate and make soldiers at once of 4he
blacks, theinsoiv. s, as to n ake them in.slru
menus for enlisting" soldier? It would - cer
tainly be more consonant to the principles of
liberty, which ought never to be losi sight of
iu a ccn test for boertv; and with white effi
cers, and a, niftj-.-rity ot while soldiers, c6
imaginable datei could be feared from them
selvts, as there cor;sio!y cou:u be none from
the t fleet of the example on those who should
remain iu bondage, experience having shown
that a frvtdnaan immediately loses all attach-
mc ct Rl and sympathy with his former tel-
; low skives."
Scicr too Old to Learn.
Socrates, z an extreme age, learned to play
on musical instruments.
Cato at eichty yt ars of age thought proper
to le-.rn the Greeu lancuage.
Plutarch when between seventy and eighty,
commenced the study of Latin.
Bocacio was th'rty-five .y ars of at;e when
he commenced his studies ia polite literature,
"vet he became one of three masters of the
Tuscan dialect, Dacte, and-Petrarch being the
other two.
Sir Humphrey Spelman nelected the sci
ences ia bis youth, but commenced, studying
f them when he was between fifty ar:d sixty
years cf age. After this lime he became a
most learned antiquarian and lawyer.
Colbert, the famous Frerch minister, at
sixty years of age, returned to bis Lutta and
law f tudies. -
Lunoovico at the great age o'.e hundred
and fifteen, wrote the memoirs ot k; fovn
times. A singular exertion, noticed b. Vol
taire, who was himself one the most remarka
ble instances of the progressing of aje ia new
"studies. -
Ogibly, the translator of Homer" and Virgil.i
was unacquanuea witri L.a:iu and Ureek till
he was past the age ofit'ty.
Franklin did not fully commence b'rs phil
osophical pursuits till he had reached his fif
tieth year. -
Accorso, a great lawyer, bein asked why
he began the study of law-go late, answered
hat indeed he began it. late, but he could
therefore master it the sooner. -
1 Dry den, in his sixfy-eigfcth year; com
menced tbe translation of the I Iliad and bis
most pleasing productions written in his old
age.
GESEfTiL ASSEMBLY OF NORTE CAROLINA.
- SLN-ATE.
Tuesday, Jan. 24, l'SC 5.
Mr. Wright, from Jie committee oa the
judiciary, reported uoftvoralHy bills to allow
ths making of certain contracts by soldiers
wives : to-prevent tbe collection, of debts iu
specie, and tomake. the robbery of dwelling
Lueses iti th tlay time a capital cfTcnce.
Mr. Leitch introduced a bill to allow citi
zens to consolidate their innds.
Mr. Bryson, a .resolution tjt follows : "That
the commit t-OQ en prepositions anei grievances
be ii.structed io enquire i ato the practicability
of the supplying the. families tf soldiers ih tho
field, or the families cf thoje that have brca
killed in the field, and indigent families in
the State with cotton yarn, tr some material
fur the manufacturing of. ch'ihiojj, &t cheaper
raies tb.iti the present . hiih loarke.t.abie-'
prices; and to report to" this term cf the L-g-"
ilalrre by bill or ortherwise.'' .
Mr. Ellis, a resolution prop3sing a com
mittee ot enquiry as to bow many railroad
companies iu tbe State have forfited cr vio
latedthfir charters and in what way. Post
Doneil ti 1 to m rrow.
Mr. Hall, a resolution that the Senate go
into secret session this evening at 7 p. tu.;
ii.d that, the House be iafurir.cti, thereof.
Agre.-d to.
Mr. Edis, abili ty prevent the collection of
dobts in s.pecie. -
Mr. Wright, a bill to'ani3rd section 110,
chapter 34, He vised C-vle.
On motion of Mr Crart?., the rrsoluf.ioa to
go inter secret session was iecons;d-rod and
the hour c'anged to 3 p. ra.
Tije u fin' shed buid ts of yesterday reso
lutions protesting against emancipation for pub
lic serves bcit'g b fore the S uate,"
Mr Kiiis said heh -d at all times beeii the
friend aud u: p rter of the administration. He
was so now aiidjwculd ever be, but as such friend
he was unalterably opposed to plicog arms iu.
the baud- of the tl.iV-e. So far. from putting
negroes iu the army he would have "every 0115
tlo re- now kicked out arid sent where fbey coul 1
produce semo'Lirg for the support of the coun
try. In his opinion such a measure as usog the
cegfo as a soldier would be a giving up of the
whole question of slavery. So far from doing
this hewould m-.ke slavery cause Giant's army
to ground its arms, St:ermau's to halt in its ca
reer, bring down tb e Lincoln government, a-d
ewed our ran Its by accessions fom Furope, and
this could be dotie bv giving: each present or
future soldier in our armies a boMti'y of one
negro fellow. At the conclusion tf Mr. Ellis'
remarks,
'dr. Hall addressed-t'ne Senate at some length
arguing strenuously in favor of tbe employment
f the cegro in toe military service, and elwcd
iin iu particular on tho benefits which would
ar se fro n the formation of an engineer corps
cut of this material. Ten per cent t'o, of the
pfaces now occupied by n hle-fJadied detailed
men could be filled by slave?, he believed, and
as to their employment us soldiers lessening the
productiveness of the country he would say that
thirty -five per cent, of the negroes never make a
bushel of grain or apound of meat. The Speaker
then combatiled tbe assertion the army would
throw down their arms if associated with ne
groes and closed by declaring the time hid
come to make u.-e of the slave that the salva
tion of the country depended on its beingvloiie
and that even if they did run away from
ras we wouidhave at least a-ailtd ourselves of
a chance io our favor. It might succeed, and
eveu its failure would leave us no worse ctf
than a-refusal to try its effect.
Mr. Wiggins said he had always endeavor
ed to support the Government in every way
and regretted now, that he should have t op
poise the Presidents idea of purchasing 40,000
slaves as soldiers and stimulating them . to
good bohavior by a promise of emancipation.
It was unconstitutional, unnnecessary aud he
protested against it. x
Mr. Patton said conscription was r.nhi,.'v
but tbe impressment of the services of white
men, and, a fortiori if this could be doue. be
believed the Government bad the right to ira
press the nej-rcesr without the consent of the
States.
'Pending a turther consideration, the Scnude
adjjurned to 3 p. m. - ,
HOUSE OF COMMONS.
Proceedings were opened with prayer by
.Rev. Mr. Craven, of the Methodic! Cburh.
Mr. Little presented a memorial from ci'i
zens of KichmOntl county praying the enact
ment of a law making laud trespass a misde
meanor. Mr. Fowle, from 1 be Judiciary Committer
reported favorably on the cjaini of the Old
D. minion Trading Company.
Mr. Love introduced a resolution ef enquiry
as to whether tho Judgeship of the 8di Judi
cial District be not vacant, he not residing in
said district.
A communication was received from the
Secretary of State showing the number of
Magistrates in the State, etc.
Mr. Brown -moved, it be printed. Not
agreed to. Yeas 46, nays 52, and on moli m
ot Mr. Fowle. the report-was laid 00 the table.
This c. mmunicatiou gives a list of the num
ber of Magistrates in eighty eight counties of
the State, who have qualified and whose re
signations have not been accepted, amounting,
in the aggregate, to 403G, or abemt 45 on an
average to a ceunty. Wake his 120, the
highest number; Chowan 8, the leas .
A message-; was received from the Senate
stating that body would, at 7 p. tn., (afterwards
changed to 3 p. in.,) go into secret session,
and on motion the House adopted a like reso
lution. -
The House then proceeded to vote fcr an
Engrossing Clerk. No election.
Mr. Person introduced a bill to incorporate
he trustees of the Hill Orphan Faud, which,
th
under a suspension cf the rules, passed its va
nous reading - ,
-
0i motion of Mr. Grissorn a bill to exempt
employees of newspapers from Home Guard
duty was taken up, and, under a. suspeosL-n
of the rules, passed, the vote being upon itr
third reading yeas .57, nays 32.
Mr. McLean introduced a resolution to' so
amend the act authorizing the removal of the
Salt Works from Wilmington to Saltviite, or
any other point, which .passed its various
readings, the rules being suspended for that
purpose.
Am election for Engrossing Clerk being
heltl, Mr. Davis was duly elected to that
office. 9
The bill to allow a UleTk to the SecrUary
of State was then taken up, but pending its
ceDsideration tbe House took a recess to 3
p. m.
At 3 p. m., the two Houses met in j.4nt
secret sessi-m in the Commons Hall. At G
o'clock the Senate retired to its Chamber and
went imrae-diately into secret session, continu
ing there. tiil after 7 o'clock.
- SENATE.
Wednesday,. January 25th.
The -Senate, immediately on meeting, went
into secret session.
- After coming out of secret session, tha Sen
ate proceeded to the . consideration of the
w&tt&KKl buaiaew roiu UtM protitin
against tbe policy cf emancipation for public
services, which," after being variously amend
ed, jaeed their third reading.
The Seriate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF COMMONS.
- Mr. Fowle proven ted a memorial from the
Mayor and Commissioners ofJiileigh, pra'ing
the pa-sage of an act to exempt the municipal
authorities from Uo;. Guard duty, and a bill
to that end, and r. oved a suspension of the
rulei to put the bill oh its various readings.
Not agreed to, yeas G2, nays 43.
A rep ."rt a io tho present condition, man
agement, etc.. of the L s-aae Asybim, was then
rtad, and a message having been received
from the Senate demanding consideration' in
Si cret Vision, tbe House, 011 motion, resolved
itself therein at 11 a. in.
Afthe conclusion of the secret session, Mr. I
Ash worth introduced rs dutions, stating tbo '
committal 'of cc.riaiu outrages by the Home
Guardacting under alleged orders from His
Exceileccj, the ' Governor, and nj pointing a
special committee, el five to investigate said
matter, with power tu send fcr persons and
papers.
The bill authorizing tbe Secretary of State
to employ a clerk we.s amended, on motion
of M-r. Anns, se as to strike-nut a proviso re
quiting that the clejk bo not within uo co v
sciipt age, and so ame'-ilc-d passed its third
reaujng oyts 47, nays 4G.
The IlvUse shotliy thereafter adjourned.
CoMPAHT A, bt:h. NC. lUTTM.IOir,
UetrieU Va., Jan. 9 l8t5.
'Messrs Editors; I h pa you will allow
the following t be inserted in the columns of
the 'Coiifedirdte, that it jnay meei ih?
ejes of th sa who are- guilty; .
One year oga poor men, members of litis
company hired of slave owners, negroes a'-' the
enonnoas sum of.trom throe to live hundred
dollars to make somethiui for their finiili s t?
eat, and gave tneir notes with approved -ecu-rity,
payab'e at the expiiarion ot twelve
months', are! ate no v. ri fitted their notes ly
there heartless, exempted scoundrels, in ex
chaug for the specified a uonnts. Thpse
s '.me soldiers have noty performed-their dutict;
living only on tiie slim rations issued by our
Cufnn itsaiy, to save their scanty wages to
wards the payment of thee notes.
Why can't 'our one horse Legislature do
something to redress our grievances?. Why
not drive- thrro heartless viliarss into the
army, where they would learn to treat their
fellows with jasticj - a-.d stop them from
preying upon the ueo-ssiiics of the poor men
.iu tho a fin v? C nf derate mor.'s and ne-
gn-cs arc on prec's-ly the s-mv nxitin; if one J
" foes np so will tne othr ; but I suppose
these- slave owners nev-r thought ol this.
We aro willing to toil and liht on; aye, even
risk our all upo'u cur country's altar in de
fence of our homes and our liberties, but when
such gross injustice is practiced upon us,
our spirits rebel and wo feel more like going
heme and -cursing tbe gentlemen who treat
us and our fan i ies unjustly, than standing
up to prutept tliern and their negroes from
t he .enemy. L.
Wunteu-A Traitor.
Our cotemporaries of th press have drawn
numerous and vc.ry striking parralltls between
the bitter struggle which we uro now enduring,
and the famous war cf independence which our
fathers fought so heroically and successfully.
Iu many points tbe two contests bear a mar
vellous resemblance there is running through
the history of each revolution an analogy" that
is forcibly impressed upon every observer. We
of tbe South are contetuiiujr, for the sttne great
principles that our ancestors did we are light
ing at the same time against similar odds. In
each case the foe is arrogaut, supercillious,
; brutal any tyrannizing. The defencelcsi women
and children suffered then as now. Rapine,
devastation, plunder, crime of every hue mai ked
the track of British legions as it does, (4 Yaukee
cohorts. Would that the 6imiltud could be
extended, and that through tbe lowering clouds
tbatuoT7 surrouod us, we could eee the rain
bow of peace which bent over the freed Colo
nies that across the storm tossed sea we could
descry the haven of safety and independence
the revolutionary patriots fouud after their
seven yeari buffetiugs.
But in one matier we are at a loss for a
parallel. Here the analogy of the two ciss
fail. As ytt'we havo to traitor in eiur midst
no betrayer of a groat trust no trafticker
iu the freedom ( f Ids' country no hawker of
honor and reputation in the Yankee market
plaees. Renegades and recreants vvp fcave,
from the style of that miserable fellow. Brig.
Gen. Gaunt, of Arkansas, down to that little
whiffet of a pill vender, Dr. Arnold, Mayor
of Savannah. But such meu are the mere
riff-rafT of society tho scum thrown up on
the surface of a bjiling public they arc the
vapors, frothy effervescences, who effect
nothing, and '.rill scarcely leave behind them
a memory of their treason.
j What ibis revoluliop is yet to produce is a
! traitor some bright morning star like Lucifer
J. some man of position, who has been a trust
I ed leader, and whose fall will echo along the
j corridors of time through generations yet uu
! born. This is what history demands for
! the drama of the revolution would lack in
j unity and completeness without some such
! character black from contrast with bus for
! mer brightness hideous by reaso 1 of h'u
j forme r beauty should stride through therap-
idly shifting scores of war. The country de
i naands it.
j We want to see the backbone of the nation
j tested "yet a little more. We want to see the
constancy of the people still further tried. We;
are anxious that their faith should be .put to
this iocifasftd pressure. Such an event as the
desertion of our cause by a prominent leader
in this crisis would be a sore trial to many ;
: but after a while, th whole nation would
breathe freer. They would feel as if the dead
ly intttbas had been removed the offending
Jonah tossed over board.
By all means let this traitor come forth.
Now is the propitious time. He can neer
again find as opportune a season for the dam
nable work. These hours of gloom and elan-
-ger. comport well with bis mission. Romj
hod a Cataltnc the struggling"- American
colonieg a Benedict Arnold the ilttle assem-
Ay of Christ's Disciples a Judas Iscariot, and
-vhy not the Confederal States some dastard
: SOUo ?
I We pray God that the cup may pass from
1 us io Geargia. and that no son of hers may
j attain that bad pro-eminence, but we must
, wmvcrtJ VT J 1VHI LUC iCTCMllUU VI bU V ItU"
mediate luture.. Au junta Uon.
FoBEIGXEBS IN THE YANKEE AltMT. In
the Presidential election the entire vote in all
Grant's vast army was but 18,000. All the
rest were foreigners.
An Irishman was Hummoned for refusing to
j pay a doctor's bill, when he was asked why he
' refused to bay. '
j J'17hat for should I pay?" Bid Paddy;
1 share ha didu't give me auvthini? hut some
. . . J
emitie?, and the niver a one oould I keep in my
-TELEClIlAMlc
REr-OFTS OFJUX PRKSS ASSOCIATION'
1 . Vtoni BtchnioncJ.
RirnJftJND, Jan. 24.-Thc I.e?ul,iUre 0
Virginia adopted reeolotiocs ob tte 17th, dec!ai
ing the appointment cf Gr Lee to tie comruafcj
of all the armies of the Coofederate Stit??, houIJ
promote their efiiciency &rid op?rte roerfullr
to reanimate tbe spirits of the ai ming as vrcll m
the people of tbo several Statei ud ir.jpire Sr.
creased confidence in tbe final succy of cS,t rfcL.if
This resolution was coinrnur.uated to iLe l-irri.
dent, who, in tp!y, say Virinia canoot b-.ve H
hiaher regard fr Gea Lee or greater cenfjetco
in hU character and ability thai i ri:tf rtaiced l y
ki.a. He hai always exi t6it-d Lis inability to n
tuuie ciu.L:ai.d e f other tfraifs than thoe r.cw
confided to him, unless relieved ot the iuniate
comiaaud in the leld, of that bow eppoita to
Grr.r.t. In eetr.clusion. the Prcsidrct azures tl
Ge neral Assembly that w hexievcr it shall be fouc 1
practicable fur Gen Lee to assume ccinruai:tl ef lj
the atndes of the Confederate States wiiboui
with -hawing eita firm tbe direct crii:u;and of t
Army cf orJliei n Virginia; he will Jmu it pt.
niotiit-of puh.ic istmt to place hi:u ia imh
'll( IIMOND, Jar. 24. Frat k Blair i still
lure e rda orJng to initiate rrgf.tiatifn for
peace. G.n. Siujrbt.m ktarted fkr Wa:-hin;ton
to-.Uy, but liivfiige-f truce boat was compelled
U 1 ttui 1 -..
From Charlc&tcH.
CIlAllLESTOX. Jan. 22. Tto more Moi.tors
hare arrivrd, makirg ten sr- inside of th tar.
Ihi enemy reported building a llaib ruti freu
Port llrxf ferry to l,ctelio, and Mcrbtnona-
vide. A Vaak' transjifrt with threa guns rata?
up the Ldh;;a ilirei' t hitc 1'oiat, on Ji-hn'
Is!aid, four.. 'in j the Channel, thsn juceciJed up
the l);h o Kiver. Xo other nioreasrata repoUd.
Vt-ry heavy rain falliuf .
The enemy hive raadc no raovemcntsiacftonr lsi
report. The Railroad be-tweca ijaltkstchis bt idg
and Pocotaligo has b en destroyed, the tie but nt,
and th- in n ta'a.-n away. The cr.fni)'i vicketa
extend a short distance this side of Pocotahgo.
Oil A KLKSTO.Y, dan. 23 Ail quiot ahn3 tko
lints. Tbocjaeuvy hate loaile r.o si tir nscvemer i.
Our scouts report a coEsida.-abh" for cc cf Yankee
at IJardewille. -
ronft'df rnte (nr.jpcss.
RICHMOND, Jan. 24.-ln th? Mr.
Claik, from tho Cairaitt-je en Elections, p-Atrtk.
ed against the rep t, after reviewing the eircum
stan cos of Mr. Foot's effort tn leave fie Confed
eracy, closing with te declaration that ha baa
been guilty of condtftt incorrpaubie with tho
duty and his station as a number cf tbe C ngreia
of the Confederate StateP. ar.l that he b. there
for, and is hereby expelled from tbi House.- -Mr.
Gilmer presented the tn j iri ty report, justi
fying the arrest of Mr. Foot., aud declaring that
his conduct di s-ri'ves th cei.svi : of tho Hotiie.
The'tosj ority report was reject. I for wan of two
thirds vtein favorbf its adoption jea3 51, nays
Ct.- The nrinority report Was thn Mtpted,
and niter a short eecret session, the Houre ai
joumcvi. The Seaatj was in secret session on the currea
cy bill.
XGrUiern Acirs.
RI' nilOM), Jan. 24 Northern papers 20th,
received. 17 hiI street was excited on the lath
by the report of Rlair's return to Richmond, with
a programme from Lincoln inafor of appoiutinj;
Ceimndsfioncrs to meet t City I'oint. Every
body who had anything to sell was sellin; at a
sacrifice, in many casej, under tbe coavictiom
tnat tbe war was about over. In a day or two,
says tbe writer, they will probably Lave occasion
to bemoan their credulity.
Gold opened em tbe 20th at 100.
al uXbuTj 1 ash
Y AND
S3 LIKELY SLAVES FOR SALE.
I offer for eah; my plantation, situated in Xa?h
countv, ab-mt f'ur miles west of the Wilmington
and Weldou Railroad, containing 400 acres, with
good improvements, and thirty-three likely
iSIaves. Any person wishing to purchase, w i II
call arid examine, or kddresa mc at Ashland, P.
O, N. C. J. A. TAYLOlt.
jan 20M3t&tw3t
s
COTC1I AND IIIGli-TOAST
SNUFF.
Tho " DIXI?: LADY " Scotch SnuflT, is mano
factured bv t'LAKK A MILLER, Graham, S. C.
'Him finely livigated S n u 11 ia manufactured of
the bcrit inatorUlsi, v.ith a determination to make
it thu best dentritice now elTcred to tb public,
great eare lining taken to havo all tbe ingredients
free fieun dirt r either impurities.
It if prepared under the iiumediate management
and supt: vi-ir.n f a careful perton who bs bad
mucb exjiei inc in thu employ of th L vn.i.ahDs,
in their SouiT Factory, in .cw York City.
Tiu- Ul;;iI-TOAST'i3 h Salt Srufl. Also, put
up in packages of hall pound each, in box s j.
fi.'tv pounds, tbe j-.tly Ceh brat. d ld 'STO.VE
WALL" Smoking Tobacco, and CIGAhrs oftba
finett eiuality that it put up iu the Confc"l'i ut9
States, by II. J. ii. CLAUJi.
jan I8-d2taw6w
VfOllTII CAROLINA, I
CODRT OS l'LKAS AJD QUARTSt fcjFMIOX.
November Term 18(54.
'Elezadiitu Cebklht. -
V.
Jam"; S. Lewis and "Wife Amanda, Xancy 3.
Xewlun and otberrf.
Petition for Dower.
, T appe iring t th satisfaction of the Court,
that Hcnty VI. lrktey, ou of tbe def'Bdarjta
in thi9caas resides b.fvond tbe liuiits ol this State;
it is therefore, on motion, o dere-d by tbo Curt,
that advertisement be made for six weeks sacces
sivdy in tho Confederate, a newspaper published
in theory of Raleigh, notifying tbe naid defend
ant, of the filing ot this petit on, and that unices
he appears at tbe next term of tbis Court and
answers the petition, the same will bo taken pro
confess and heard exparte aj to him.
Witnefs Auiustine Landis, Clrk of said Court,
at Oxford ihe tirst Monday of Xorember, A. 1).
1864- A. LAN'DdS, C. C. C.
dec 14, 1564. 3l-6w.
It E W A K D .
CTii lVK'l tin. SiTnf.r."C fram theouarteri of
tb A. O. M., of Dearing's Carabr Brigade, on
the nightof th 5th int., a RLOOD-B.V V IIOKSK,
eight vers old, about five feet, two inches bigb,
verv small star in forehead, white spot, from Cld
on the back, and a hole, the size of a partridge
egg, at the point of the litfht shoulder. ln
above reward will bo given to any one who will
return him to me, or give iaformation that will
lead to bis recovery. J. L. PUIDUEN,
Co. F, 16th X. C. Battalion, (CJ"1
40 w2t Hicksford, V.
Petersburg Express copy twice.
A
P1UVATE SCHOOL.
. . r-. . e if T ;a UAntJM'S
S500
SCHOOL for young Ladi, mill begin jn the
ICtb of February. Only a limited number t
pupits can bo received. . .f
For further information, address Mim M. r.
Manguin, Flat lUyer Oraae Couatj . V.
(Htrf.