THE CONFEDERATE.
WEDXE.nIHY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1864.
!
Tjie Dui ju.c of :i.r? fiemy to at'ack Wi!
t
miugtcii, nod that ?inj:YAy, is now develop.
Wo miv 6ati.;c, a i ' wlih reason, that ft
a'1, i at-: a '; jj tai t.vi ksilf ir4y no: be
within tie rnsatw th-? e:;e-my cai spare at this
:i;nc, bill, U vr.x,U rut la woil to rely upon
tici. & s;;:ni ie. $au 1 p'duy wi?oid reecm
nrri a through prepiriuon fLr this, a for
'ther conting. iicice. Addc.i to our other
riai, wh-ch are &u.f3oiti to satisfy us of
he parpi-5 tif t!;e tme;ny, V7c copy the follow
i"5 communication from a iau number of the
Nev York Tmti. It is evidently the prodao-
ioa f s.:ne m:eraV.e a rth win hag been
per uttted to ri-s our linci eiii.-u- at "New
btra, or Vii;;nu;toa, ar.d wh uviiU himself
of hii ytakee I iiiy to encourne the medi
tated at:ck up -r. the jr.ylo ainorig whjra
;.fi h-F. tended.
YVe h i; t m a if eupviu t m Grt.cle, to
udupt th4-hft.rh &od tr?ss evotitiixutj ex
pressed toward Gcc. Whliiu, n r i- it to hi
air.'re.'ia that so base u, recreant abuses him ;
f;'it we saoiiki fail to da our iuty to the State
cd cur to fier.st o: right, if we withheld the fact
that a ttj Ur-? p'rt;on of our people do not
f.avo coLfidcnce in this ofTii-jr for that com
;nacd ; and desire e":h?r tht ;n? of higher
rad vhouM Hijerse'le hi-n, r that some
h'.r should b? substituted for bi n. Thuisa
i iriU weli kaotvn ; and if Gen. Whiting should
t retained t Wiliniugtuh, aad the Forts below
lui, there will gr f.rth attast the ad.
uriu's'.rauon a fierce and general accusation.
We do n:t intend to discusa Gan. Whiting's
r:eriliir demerits nor to indicate our own
op;iii3-o.i the points which we feel bound to
n-jtioe. If Wilautfton is worth defending
ilia vorth dofondiag succossCnl'y worth de
fending to the deito. It will rqaire a com
inanding officer of paiient, c-ilai. unexcitable
temperament, wit will n t ba liable to kne
' Ids balame by a::extr meam circnmstinee.
It will require a-vt only this piticice, calm
ness and freedo;u fr-jm escitniint, but it will
rail for the pos session u-t only of ordinary,
but of iu loruitab'j njrre. Aboui tho com
maodin officer there will require to be aa in
difference to danger that its prc3enee c&nnot
shtiko. It will require a eagacious Uiscrim
r.Htor and jadTa of character, for ths Relec
tiou of officers wlthiu ths ForCi, and tho men
to be used under them nut be of the kind
that will kaow no of th j etarnp
v?hj wiiiforet Forts (5 and Morsau,
;ad reru ember Fwrt Sumtor. Ltuhave a
Ilhott at every fort? Q nation below Wilmington
Iiy this v.c do not mean to question those
already there, for wc do not know therii ; but
to dufiuo the quaiitii'g needed.
-f r-H?ps that haT.5 bn under fire and are
fcccuaioru&d to it, if tiioy ctu be lurnished,
is a areat d?:-Vieritmn. How thce nre too
bUppUed, it is not host for tu'tadicate.
We knw p.Tl r.:Ti;;r, now wor.nded if'. th
city, to tvh'd the s-'.prriatcadnce vi the de
toiice ef tl.3 wovks at tho mouth of Oapa
Fear and of Wilnrn jrcon , rni$;'ht k)a en trust fid
with a safe coiiTictioti-shat whatever uerve and
vnd ;i rancc c?u Id a.'-eorn p' i h , would be fsi th -coming,
and we briievo likewise, whatever
of s u'id judgment, discreticii and skill.
We Allude to Gn. Ciinguian, wh' military
",fti6rr, without htuiz puVn'd by tha help of
lok, hs been o;: c-. : -inue'? servics of danger,
ecorr.paaicd by act-? of tinefuluess, wbich
have not rt bed tiiir reward, ff General
Cirpm m's wound vlll allow, Wilmington,
inner opinion, couh' not be. in afer hands.
Kiit this ilefene of Wilmington falls pro
perly under ; Governor Yauco's direction, to
wnae extent. -Thu President will undoubted
ly lislea favorably to snsscstiona from him ;
find the c;omc at U opporfuuc, if he can mako
suggestions which will ensure the safety of
his important rxt. Wc a no reason why
Wiladaglo ishotdd b nt Oci th contra
ry. North CnroHna i? this voty moment pos
ea.ssod of the strength u it only to save Wil
oiiugcu, but to cauturs N-wbern ; and the
Lest mxie of saving Wilmington is by cap
turing Newbera. Between now and the last
of this mouth, the rivers of this Stata will
eaoily aavigable; indeed we may look for
fewhetd bv that time. Tho Governor and the
Cjmmauding Olficer of Reserves may organ
ize a force sufficient fc sit down Vfore New
beru and compel its surrender. There is no
difficulty in coQtrolHog t'e enemy's boats on
the river. Oae night ;au accomplish that
vrork, and a dozen guii3 securely placed,
which will make their location untenable.
The garrison is known to be email, and in
Oils raomeut isolated from reinforcements.
A few veterans to show tha way, backed by
tiie force that the Sute could readily furnish,
with pluck and determination worthy of the
eaterprize, aud we ay anticipate the ene
my at Wilmington, by recovering Newbern.
liut if this project is considered too adventu
rous, then by all means let us look to Wil
mington, and by the selection of the light
eort of men, secure its safety.
We confess when we look around this Stite
and see bow that some incomprehensible pol
icy keeps out of service so much strength,
and youth, and vigor ; "when we see further,
fhat certaiu judges never let go a chance to
deprive the service of a fit subject, it is dis
hearteniag in the extreme. But we look again
ti the Governor, and trust to find in a prompt,
energetic and independent Governor, and a
quick, astive, industrious and sagacious Ad
jutant General, tha elements cf succor in cur
distress.
Here is tha article from tb New York
'l'imes, above refcrd to ;
Importance of the Capture of Wilmington,
To iht Editors of, the New Toik Imes:
I era jlad ? res that attttw i' bjR5
called to the importance of Wilmington, as
iuo of the points that should be possessed and
held by the United States.
I am familiar with that section of country,
and to bold Wilmington, Lee might well con
seat to more rash nss than h has ver yet
shown as commander of the rebel forc-s.
To-day. the South is far from, beibg wlf-su-jiaining,
thcu2h in much better condition i a
tat respect than when the war broke out.
I Her energirs have been completely bent to
ward improving -her manufactures ot every
desenptton ; Ktul, without tne assistance oi
tlie blotkade-runners, powder, arms, shoes,
&c, could net be mippli ;d to the army another
six months.
At Wilmington, W. H. C. Whiting, a
drunken military tyrant, is io command
Recently he was discraced on tho field near
Petersburg, and immediately placed in csini"
xnand o his eld post. There must be a scar
city of laborers to do thedirty work of se
cession, or such vulgar material would not be
used, even by the Rtpudiator,
Many yeais ex,perie ce ia the South, and
up to within ;i few months, enables me to
state facts, and renders it neceasaty for me
! to gue-s at uothiog. And here, let mo say.
j the importance your correspondent attac'iea to
thep irtof v mutngton i eyod a question:
Ifs capture will do more toward enniug this
Democratic-Jefif-D ivU-SniUrv-rn-a rrogance
war than any other thin to be accomplished.
Get even Weldon, ixty nodes below Peters
burg, destroy the long bridge crossing the
Roanoake there, and that done, uo bridge
couUl be erec-ed there by retel soldiers or
rebel civilians, during the oext year.
It will be telling an oft told tale if I refer
to the id t intolerable depnism that ever
disgraced the fac- of the earth; but o is the
rule of Davis and his dynasty. There is no
freedom of speech, conscience, or thought in
all the S uih. under bis authority. And, Mr.
Editor, there never had been any soch thing
as liberty kuown to the people, since the adop
tion of secession up to he time when it was
my good fortune to quit the country.
You cannot dwell too much upon the im
portance of our capturing and holding the
town of Wilmington, or the fortiticadons that
guard the entrance at the mouth of Cape Fear
liiver, thirty-eight miles from the cftv
New York, Sept. 1. '64. Old North.
The Legislature-
j Tnere is much important business for thi9
i b iv to act udoo. and according to our ob
servation the interests of the cntntry require
immediate legislation. Unquestionably the
force in the Cdi is too small, and the rein
forcement of our armies, to be efficacious
ought to be immediate. Graat is calling for
a hundred thousand moa, to be furnished
"promptly ;" declaring th it the military re
sources of theSmth are exhausted, and
prescribing that m ioy as th required number
to eosure the "suppression of the rebellion.
The Legislature, if in session, could pro
vide to furnish Gen. Le wirh reinforcements.
It ec-uld make a thorough examination f all
the shady places whieh have invoked so much
denunciation, and could saeto it that the able
bodied were transferred to the fiild aud their
places filled by tho3e equally capable of light
duty but unfitted for field s.'r rieo. The Leg
islature could provide for furnishing to the
j Confederacy tha militia 'Miners aud j ssiices
j of the peace, wh?se presenc-. iu tho army
I would not only add to its F'rengih, bat would
J remove dissatisficthm fro u aaiong th s ddie
arid am ng their kindred at ho.n;. It routd
! do m-ich to aid iu the rest -ration of fiaan-
; ces it could make successful war on hoard
ing and extortion all ol which questions
press fir immediate legislation, Bs;des,
thero is no doubt but the necessities ot this
community, with its destitute familis. its
large hospitals ahd its extra population of
refugees, will be severely stinted in fuel and
provisions during the winter. In the mouth
of October there will be sufficient mild
weather to enable the members to git without
or with but little fire, and fuel will be spared
against the demands of winter for the neces
sitous who are obliged to remain here. The
vegetables will not be exhausted in October,
poultry, and butter, and eggs will still be in
the market, and supplies of food will be more
readily obtained. These are matters that in
ordinary times would net be of sufficient im
portance to attract attention, but in view of
tho coming winter, with the suffering and
privation it must necessarily engender, they
ought to be considered. And we throw out
thesa suggestions to invite the consideration of
the pres3 and the authorities. It is apparent
that there will be a strain on the public to
weather this winter, and the presence of one
hundred and Beventy additional population
during the severest period, will materially in
crease here the burdens of living. If all can
be done at an earlier session, and indeed if it
be true, as it undoubtedly is, that prompt
legislation on many questions is now a matter
of great imparlance, we see no reason why
the Legislature may not be called for the first
ef October, rather than commence its regular
session on the third Monday of November.
"Be of good courage ; the day is ours. A
few more hard blows a liitle more suffering,
peril and endurinc and the independence of
the Confederate StUes will be vouchsafed.
Let patience, fortitude and zeal have their
perfect work. Let none draw back in this
day of trial, and they will feel themselves
amply compensated when the song of ptace
shall be heard from centre to circumference
of this young Confederacy.w
The above is an extract of a letter from a
gentleman in Eastern North Carolina, writing
to renew his subscription to the Confederate ;
and we quote it for the purpose of placing
the true and courageous sentiments it con
tains, in contrast with the sickly, if not cra
ven cry of those who declare the South is
"exhausted," and it were beat for us to make
terms with the enemy while we may any
terms, to avert our certain doom subjuga
tion. This craven feeling, thanks to the
courageous hearts of ear brave and indomita
ble people, pervade? bat few breasts. Our
people believe in onr ability to maintain our
cause everything indicates strength, and a
firmer purpose animates tbem than at any
former time, to coated entil enr aatinual in.
dpetidnc i atfsined.
P. C. Cameron, Esq.
Wc bad learned of the injustice done the
gentleman whose name heads this para
graph, in a recent cumber of the Sla'
dard, remarking upm the action of the
Justices of Orang county, and holding
him responsible for the alleged want of pa
triotism and geuerosity. But we were of the j
opinion that his defence would best come fr m
Hillsboro where all the facts in the matter
J were koown, and Mr. Cameron's action was
fully understood. Yesterday we received
j such a defence from a gentleman who we are
assured vo'unteers in bis defence purely from
emotive to do justice to a misrepresented fel
low citizen. The defence is ample and disin
terested, which we subjoin :
For the Confederate.
The animadversions made upon the resolu
tion of the Justices of Orange, in relation to
food for the needy of the county, and upon
Mr. P. C. Cameron especially, in connex
ion with that subject, calls, it is bslieved,
for a word of explanation
l batever merit or demerit there may be in
the resolution, it is due to t'l concerned to say
it does not belong to Mr. Cameron. He is
not a Justice of the county, and took no part,
therefore, in proposing the measure. B ing
accidentally present, he Hi suggest a substi
tute for the measure adopted, viz: that the
producers f the county should make a dona
Hon ef oaetemh of their produce to the use
of the poor. This, however, was not approv
ed, oa the gr und that it would not be gen
erally complied with, but would fall on a few
of the most liberal, and thus turn out to be
inefficient as a raeasire of relief.
The resolution, as adopted is misunderstood
The county of Orange has beea miking pro
vision to supply food to the families of s l-dit-rs
and other needy persons ; aud the true
sense of the Justices' resolve is, .that the citi
zens of the county will sell to the county -for
the use of the needy, one-tenth of t heir pro
duce at the com missioners' rates Mr. Cam
eron was appointed one of a committee to in
voke the citizens generally to comply with the
resolution ot the Justices which was due in
a published address. He acquiesced in it as
a good thing as fur as it went, without intend
ing to prescribe it as a limit for the public
charity, or a limit to his own efforts to a:levi
ate the sufferiugs incidental to the times.
The writer of this is in uo way connected
with Mr. Cameron, but has made this expla
nation injustice to him as well as others, teat
an article in a recent eumber of the Standard
newspaper may prtjudicesme well-disposed
person against the individuals concerned.
Mr. Cameron doe not, I suppose, m ko a
boast of his charity, but endeavors to practice
this virtue under the gospel injunction. Nev
enheless, hardly a day passes that does not
disclose to his ueigobors a most liberal bt-s-t
ow;nent ol the means with which God has
blessed him, upon such objects as may pro
perl v claim the good will of a patriot and
Christian. CIVIS.
The Charlotte Djm.tcrat most properly re
huk s h correspondent of tbe North Carolina
Presbyterian,- wno says that the sick and
wounded soMic"3 p-?s ' through North Caro
lin uorarcd for ind aa atteuded to, while in
South Carolina it is very different, the sa dicr
wants being ubuudaotiy supplied.
With the Dim -jrat, we are s irprised that
the Editor of the IV ?s"oytrian should allow
such a r,laring eror in regard to il rth Caro
lina to appear in ins columns, ilo certainly
knew better, or miht have known bettiT il
he had read the newspapers published on the
lines otour Riilroadaf.
After so much has been done by our people,
it is provoking to "es iu print such articles as
the one referred to iu the Prssbvterian. No
doubt the people of .South Carolina have done
their share of the work well, but North Caro
lina has done as much as any other Sate iu
the Confederacy iu the way of attention to
sick and wounded soldiers.
The Wilmington Journal has raised ifs
price of subscription, for the Daily, to $25
for six months, and .$15 for three months
and the Weekly Journal t $10 or six months..
So has the FayetleviUe Caioliaian. The
Raleigh Standard has increased the terms of
its Semi-Weekly to $15 for six months, and
the Weekly Standard t '$10 for six months.
These are the prices of all the papers in
the South, except m North CaroIinasemej
indeed are higher stiil ; aud unless there is
a reduction in the cost of living and articles
used in publication, the Raleigh Dailies and
Weeklies will all have to advauce, or lose
j
money ontheir publications. We shali wait
till the 1st of October, and if we see no pros
pect for improvement, we shall be compelled
to advance the price of the Confederate,
Terrible Railroad Collision.
We learn that a terribh R iilroad collision
occurred yesterday on the North Carolina
Railroad, near Morrisville, about twelve miles .
W6t of this city. The mail train due in
this city at 9J o'clock was somewhat behind
time, and was dashing on at considerable
speed, when it came ia contact with a freight
train. The coacussion was tremendous one
ef the locomotives was terribly smashed and
thrown off the track, and the other greatly
broken up. The cars of both trains were
also broken and damaged to a great extent,
the debris piling up the track, so that it will
take a day or two to remove the rubbish.
A passenger who walked to this city, was
uuable to inform us of the names of the pas
sengers injured, but said several were hurt,
only one, however, seriously, whose name be
was unable to learn. Our iutormant said he
was teld he was a memorr elect to the Legis
lature from Robeson county, and was return
ing home from tho army. Both his legs were
broken, and he was greatly bruised about his
breast and throat. It was thought his inju
ries would nost probably prove fatal.
A train was dispatched to bring down the
posseogers and mail, hut had nut. retimed
when -his was written.
We learn that David Bethtwe, &q., of
UAbnuon. U the tfnUtaa& iaiurrd. !
The Position- be Georgia Froit.
The Yaufc-es having withdrawn their lines
toward Atlanta, our forces occupied Jones
Kro' and the entrenchment beyond on Tues
day. Trains of cars i uo tuw to that place,
which is made the depot of supplies for the
Army of Tennessee. .
The generali ftpreHion concerning tbislat
movement of Sherman is, that he will retain
his army in close proximity to Atlauta, and
accumulate there lare stores and supplies,
preparatory to a final rapid campaign during
the nuiumo. Meantime. - he .will-repair the
Georgia radroad and have eveyhing ready
for a grand movement oa Augusta at a fixed
time. -
Meanwhile he will annny all portions of
the cur-try with raids, which may be very
formidable and destructive, and which may
attract the attention ef onr army to compar
atively small movement, behind which he
will mask and operate those of a large aud
more dangerous character.
The reitible gentleman reports that Sher
man promised furloughs to larga numbers of
hi men so soon at they occupied Atlanta, aud
that while hr recuperates aud organizes into
efficiency his shattered and wru array, be will
redeem his promise ami allow the" men that
promised privilege. It is supjscd that he
will perfectly secure the defences of Atlanta
and nis lines of couiomnicatiun ulong the
State road, and thus allow himself to weaken
his army with impuutty, by fur.ouhing large
nurnbt-rsr
These speculations are very natur.d c;n
clubioi s, but we doubt very luuch wheths.r
Sherinau will pursue he policy proposed. A
few weeks ago, he abandoned Ids vrorka nod
immediate reparations against Atlai.ta. ind dis
appeared in apparent het haste, mki g a
well feign ad retreat, the result of whicu was a
uiden advance on our left that c- mpletely
overwhelmed us by its magnitude aud tapid
ity. Our army has learned that th ' utmost
vigilance is necessary to s?cure our safety
against the strategy of the Yankee General.
To compass hisouds, ho has hid hitherto the
immense machinery of war, in much larger
numbers of men than we ever confronted him
with, and iu the immensity of all the engines
that invention has applied to the destruction
of armies. Henceforth the Yankee atmy will
not be so formidable.
Our own army is rapidly accumulating in
strength at;d numbers. A large portion of
those who were broken down by the hardships
of tne past few wetdys, have recovered and are
resuming their places by hundreds d lily.
Numbers too, whose wounds wer slight, are
rapidly hurrying to their c m Ra'ids, earnest
and anxious, to make the barrier our army
presents, formidable and jperiect Every
measure that can b exerttd, is in force to ren
der the army effective and powerful as it
should be, and knowing as well as w do, the
elasticity, the invincible aud unconquerable
spirit of the Army of Tennessee, we have no
doubt that when again it presents its front
to the i'ifl.itod and haughty Irgions of Sher
mac's army, that.it will be with an iu h Lnit
able spirit of vengeance and reristiess onsi-ts,
whose victory, will repay us for all tho disas
ters we have hitlurti suffered.
Efficient cous didation and .strict military
discipline will affect more in our arm tnan
imtnensiiyof uu wieldly numltern. Effective
blows i the rear o: Siicriuan now, ere he ac
cumulates his m Uerial for a further prosecu
tion of the canpaign. will do to re than a .suc
cessful battle tu prevent him froai advancing
on Augusta, MiltedgeviHe, Mien, or perhaps
Montgomery, Sebua and M bile. Tha latter
plan, it will be reTicmbied, wss threatened
by the Yankee government several mouths
ago.
Ittuijncer.
The New and Great Victory.
The cr a' rebel s'ronho! i of the South
west the position at wmcu tiie powerful and
ever-victorious army of Gu. S i-r nan has
been aimiwg f r four m n.hs has fatten, and
Attant i is oars. Our forces entered it at noon
yesterday.
Toisis a victory so great io itsdf, of such
wide scope, such tUr-reaching result, such in
disputable impjrtarce, th it the -country will
receive the news f it with unbounded exul
tation. We have shown ag.io and ag-iin the
immense military value cf Atlanta, aud all
that we have ever claimed oh this j oint lias
been conceded by the S uth. The rebel mili
tary force in the Southwest can now fiud no
point in all their terrifory of anything like it?
strength or-value, and their army mut soon
break up into small and- predatory hordes,
which als'j will in due time be exterminated.
This great news comes to us while yet the
country is all aglow about tho navai t iumph
of the glorious old sailor, Farrag'ur while yet
we are con tern plating Grant's vital victory
upon the Weldon road. We have had tri
urnphs all around of late triumphs equal to
auy ever won hy. mortal arms or human val
or. What an infamy it is that at such an
hour croakers should be croacking, ar.d Cop
perhead hissiu,, and men actually contem
plating a disgraceful surrender to thib thrice
accursed rebelhou. N. Y. Times.
Confederate B nds or Certificates.
The patriotic- citizens who from age or oher
cause is exempt from duty in the fi"!H, cau
serve the country almost as well by mpplji-'K
it with fundb; and this can be done, and
must be done if the treasury is to be adequate
ly supplied, not only by paying such taxes as
are levied . but by investing every dollar ot
surplus funds iu government securities. For
this purpose the new untaxable 6 per 'cent
bends and the untaxable 6 per cent, certifi
cates present favorable opportunities. The
former have 80 years to ran, and the coupons
arc equal to specie f-r the payment of export
aal import duties. The la tier have so cou
pons, but are payable two years atter the close
ot the war, the interest payable semi-anuu ally.
In advising oar readers to invest in these bonds
and certificates, (which are advertised in this
paper.) we only advise what we have doae
ourse.ves. We have not bought a dollar's
wortb ef any other kind of property since
the war began, but have parted with other
property to invest iu them. We believe these
bonds offer as good an investment as can be
made ; but that if they did not, it would still
be self interest to take tbem, since thereby
tbe government is sustained aud the cause up
held. FaytttcviUc Observer.
Gekebal Hospital, No. 8,
Raleigh, N. C, Sept. 13. 1864.
I have the honor 'o return thanks i a behalf
of tbe sick and wounded soldiers in my charge,
to Mrs. and Hiss Blacknatl and Mrs. Morris,
of Granville county, tor a very fine lot
of cabbage, cucumbers, squashes, brans,
Irish and sweet potatoes; als-j, a lot of deli
cacies served up in excellent style.
H. Q LEIGH,
Surgeon ii Charge.
. Til printers if New Jersey boast that
there is not a single printer in the State pri
son of the State, ssd btrt eoe ia the Lcgis-tnre.
The Tax oa Banks.
In the abserc? t"m Richmead of Mr. At
torney Genera' D.vv, on a viit o Nort;
Carolina, Mr W.de Keya.v Acting Attorney
Ger er i, tdves an opiuinn ti the ecreary
of "the Treasury on the cat male by tne B !;ks
of No th Carolina and Cape Fear, whether
they are liable t the Confederate tx laid by
the act of 17ta Fbrqry last. The bai:k
urge that "thty we e established, not metely
for the benefit 'f the private S'O.'kholders,
but are the great fiVal agents of the State,
which is abo largely interes-ted in them as
Stockholders Thev are also required y teir
chatters to loan mo'vy to the State to r:eive
the deportes of the State, and to perform
many other duties that are not required of
any other bankf." And Mr. T'.iioIin de
sired an opir ion whethei they wre liable to
aay tax, and if so. whether the interest of the
State is liable. Mr. Keyes ay that banks
are liable, aud that the State btinz a ktoek
holder does not exempt them Instead of
raiding the banks to its own tovereigo charac
ter by becoming a stockholder, the State
thereby so tar dive?t- i'alf of its 8.vereianty
and descends to a level with the with whom
it thus associates itself. B ink U. S e.
ters'Bank ofQeorgiat9 Wheaton But
he decides that tbe banks are exempt from
taxation because tt.ey are tbe uVcal agents of
the State. They are a part, nf the machinery
j of the S'.ite government, with whicn, under
. our system of separate, distinct and indepen-
dent government, tne Confederate govem-
men I bas no righi. o interfere. Aiy ther
j cr.tti-truetion, he says, world etab,e the Con
fcrate government greatly to erol-arr.-ise, if
rot wholly t arrest, the operations of a State
and to prostate it at the feet of the Confede
rate government. If it, may tax one instru
ment employed by a State, it may tax all its
every price.ss, all its property, u.id even its
revenues, which was never intended. The
question is in truth, says . Mr Key 3s, a ques
tion of independence. " The. powers and
machinery of neither government is wi'hin
the scope of the taxing or other legislative
power ot the other."
But as the question is a novel and important
one, Mr. Knyes suggest that a cac be made
r for judicial determination. FayctUvMe
Observer.
N. C. R. II., Sept. 15th 1864.
Editors Confederate: Please publish the
following noto for the information of all the
newspaper publishers in Raleigh.
Ail mail matter for Martha's Vineyard,
Haywood; Gulf, and Evpt Station, to Mor
risville, should now be sent to the Raleigh
Post Office to goby way of the Fayetteville
stngc ; and all packages for Bethel Hill,
Allensville and Centre Grove, that formerly
wer.t by way of Hillsboro; should be sent to the
R. St. G. agent to go by way of Ilendersot).
These changes will insurw the. arrival of the
packages to the offices named a day sooner
thaawheu tent as th -y now are from most of
the publishing offices in your city.
The publication of this note will save me
the tr ubli of writing to each of the office
separately. andvi!l cblige. Yours
J H M.'IU Afft.
NORTH CAROLINA, Conrtof liquitv,
Halifax Ch-stt. f Fall Terra 18C4.
Ha?an VV. Jeaki:d. by next friend, fcc,
MioajahJ. T. Alston, and wife Martha E. and
O iCI ?.
rillliS is a biH to appoint a Trustee in place of
i. John raulcon. iJeeeaseu. for th purpose ot
admioisturing certain t:ut? declared in a mar
riage sttleuienr between the plaintiff and hr hus
I and, Thomas W. Jenkin; and it appcariHsC to
tbe satisfaction of thu Court that the dfendats,
Mlcajah J. T. A.ton ai:d bis wife. Msirtba E , &re
non-re odents of North (Carolina, they are hereby
rotitied to appear t ihe next Court of Equity to
be held for th j County of Halifax aforesa d. at
the Comt-Hnuse, in Halifax town, on the 4ih
Mondav after th 4ih Monday f September, 1664,
then and there to plead, answer or detnnr to said
bill. thrwie the same will be taken at confessed
by them, and a decree will bf entered accordinsrly.
ANDREW COSIGLASD. C. II. E.
At Office ia Halitax town, Sept. 9. lStii.
sep 14-wfiw
TITHES PEANUTS.
OFFICE OF CHIEF QUARTERMASTER, I
Kaleish. 9th September, 1864. j"
POST QUAHTEUM AS.TEKS tbrouKbout the
State are requited to instruct their several
County Agents to collect alt the
TITIIE PE4IVUTS
at some convenient depot on the line of the nearest
railroad as early as possible, anu send iotormation
to this office, so that an Age t mat b sent to re
ceive them- W. W. PE1KCK,
Maj. k Chief Q. it. Dist. If. C.
sep lO-d6t-twltAw2t
pST Wilmington Daily Journal, Goldsbore
State Journal, Tarboro' S-uth rner, Fayetteville
Observer.. Greensboro' Patriot and Charlotte
1 weekly 4 times, and w -kU 2 times, and send bill
! o Maj. W. W. Peiree.
TAKEN UP.
AND committed to the Jad of Mecklenburg Co.,
on the 29th ot February last, a negro woman
who says her name is LUCY and belongs to Nick
Davis of Richmond. Slid negro is about 25 years
old,' very black, and rather under Medium size
She says that she was persuaded off from Rich
mond by a man who gave his name as Robinaon.
She was arrested on the cars on the N. C. Kail
read, near Charlotte, N. C. Tbe owner is hereby
notified to come forward, prove property, pay
charges and take het away, or she will be dealt
with as tbe law directs.
B. H. WHITE,
Sep 21-dltwSm Sheriff.
PUBLIC SAL.E.
HATING qualified as Executor, the under
signed, at the residence of Mrs. Marj 11.
Cheek, deceased, on the main road one mile south
of the town of Warrenton. will, on tbe 22d day of
September 1864, sell at public auction, all the
Household and Kitchen Furniture, Plantation
Tools, Fo der, Oats, Horses, Tobacco in hhds.,
32 Cows. Oxen, fcc, 75 to 100 H gs, including
Sows and Pigs and many good for pork, being
now in good condition, and every other kind of
Serishab'e property belonging to the deceased..
ix months credit for alt same orer $100. As
soon as enthered, there will be a fine crop of Cora
aad Fodder for sale, of which further notice will
be given. The plantation, a most desirable one,
Is also for rent, either privately or publicly. This
sale is well wertby .ef the attention of those who
wish to obtain a supply of Corn and If eat, or a
goad residence.
THO. J. PITCHFORD, Ex'r.
Warrenton, K. C, Aug. 29 aug 31 d20t-w3t
pS" CTtelay Conservative copy S times.
TITC1C TOBACCO.
BT authoritv of the General Tobacco Agent for
North Carolina, County Agents are authoris
ed to extend the time for the collection of the
Tithe Tobaoeo, till the first of October, prox. To
bacco raisers in the counties ol Wake and Orange
will have their Tithes delivered by that time, as
that is the last day of grace.
" JA8. Y. WHITTED, .
Ag't for Wake aad Orange Counties.
The Tobacco from Wfce County to be delivered
to JOHN W. COSBY, Raleigh,
sep. 9-d-riw-w ac -
Standard copy 2 times in S. W. 2t ia weekly.
B
C0$ VMD JC3
yiNtfty tsm at -
Twin OF
T-ELE GRAPHIC.
REPORTS orrufi PRESS ASSOCIATION.
From tbe JforthMcCIcllan's Liitcrof
Acceptance.
PETERSBURG, Sept. UXoi there d.tee rf
the 8th aud 9ih hate been received. Stanton
telegraphs Dix,that the Profost Mirfbal General
has been ordered to enfrn re ths dratt without dt
lay, and that all application for iu postpone
meet will be refused.
Sherman's cavalry are said to be broken doxra
and must recuperate.
McClellan's letter ef acceptance Is pub!uheJ.
It savs The exwtence of more than one Our
ernment over th region which once owned sar
flfg, is incompatible with the peace, hsppineen,
and powei of the people. Tbe r'eservstion of
the Union was th sole and avowed object for
which the war was commenced, and it should hare
been conducted for that object nly and in accor.
dance with those principles wbich I to.k occasion
to declare, when in active service.. Thai conduct
ed. the work of reconsti action would have been
easy, and we might have reaped the befiti of
our many victories on land and a. The Union
was originally formed by the exercis- of a spirit of
conciliation and compromise; V restore and pre
serve it, the enuie spirit mut prevail in our
council and in the hearts of tbe peonle. '
Thert-establishment of the Union in all its in
tegrity is, nd must continue an indipnab!e
condition in any settlement. So soon as it is clear
or even probable that onr present adversaries are
ready for peace upon the basis of the Union, we
should exhaust all the resources and stat'strac
fhip practiced by civilization and taught by
tradition to the American people, consistent with
the honor and interest of the country, to secure
such peace, re-established upon tbe bash of the
Union; and guarantees for future constitutor.!
rights of every State in the Union, is tbe one cij.
dition of peace. We ask no more. Wren auv
one State wishes te return to the Union, it should
be received at once, with a full guarantee of it
Constitutional rights. If frank, earnest and per
sistent efforts tn obtain these objects should fa,!,
the responsibility for ulterior consequences will
fall upon those who remain in arms against tho
Unim. But the Union must be preserved at all
hazards. I could not look in the face tnv eallant
cemrades in the armv and navv who have fur
vivedso many bloody battles, and tell them that
their labors and tbe sacrifice o so maov of our
slain and wounded brethren had been in vain ;
that we had abandoned that Union, which has mi
often preserved ou lives The vast majority of
our people, whether in the army or navy or st
home, would, as I would, htil with unbounded
joy the permanent restoration of peace on the
basis of the Union under tbe Cont itution. with
out the e usi- n of another drop of blood. Rut no
peace can bo permanent without Union.
As to the other subjects presented in the reso
lutions af the Convention, I need onlv sav tint
I should seek only in the constitution of tbe
United States, and the laws framed in accordant
therewith, for a rnle of my deities and limitation
of the executive power.
Gold 241.
escojrn dispatch. 1
RICHMOND Sept. I2.-Th N. Y lUraM, of
the 9th, says Grant, in a letter to Washhu n
savs nothing is wanting to crush the rebellina bat
a deferuiinwd unity ot sentiment at tbe North. He
savs the military resource of tbe Suuth are ex
hued. '
The steamer Pranrnnia, from Bosten, for U'l
fax, w9 chased ou the ilh by a tupputed priva
teer off Sir Iburn.
Another McPbdla Masf-meetinjr wa hcM in
New York on Thursday uibt. Great eulhuaU?iu.
From Petersburg.
PETERSCl'KG, Sept 13. AM perfectlr qV.
to day. The day a,. ob cried througLout the
city by ftioe:, luiinili.ttiou anr prarr.
Griint is receiving iufirceinnt, and co;u
phtinjr the Railroad from the City iint road to
the Weldon rtailroad. Eervthir.p indicates the
purpose of Grant t winter in our iront.
No idea has ever bt-en entertained by our nu
thorites of evacuating thi citv ; on the contrary
thev prop.e h'Jdinr it againt all odds.
The army i healthy and in excellent spirit!.
Exchange of Prisoners.
RICHMOND, Sept. 13. Arrangement are
being mad-i for tbi exchuig of all navsl prison
ers. The funkees hold abut sixty oincer an !
four hundred eeamen and uiarines. We have
nearly tbe s-tuie number. The eree will b-.? tna le
up from armv prioi era. The exchange will pro
bably take plao at Charleston.
From the Xortb.
RICHMOND, Svpt. 13 -The New York Unin
Convention nominated R. E. Fenton for Goverietr,
and Thou. G. Alrod. Lieut nant Coverir. Ihs
Il'inois Democratic Convention nominaif d J. C.
Robinson f r Governor. Resolution wte pns8-l
endorsing tie Chicago platform d 'darinr tbe
intention of the democrats of Illinois o cive a
unanimous support to McClellan and Pendleton.
The Tennessee Union Convention caused reso
lutions favoring ths call of a Sta e Convention
and the abolition of slavery.
The Herald of the 1 0th, saya that information
from the different quarters 'indicate a terrible
battle at ilea ins Station at inr moment.
Gold ia New York on lbs :ih wai 2344!.
Proa Georgia.
MACON, Sept. 12.- Sherman has refused to ex
chanze prisoners of war for men whose term or
serv:ct has expired. Tbe correspondence upen
this will shortly ap ear. Trains have one tor
ward for tb purpose of bringit'jr down exilec from
Atlanta. Tbe ten days aimiotice commenced
this tnorn'ng ; both sides in the mean time, will
make vigorous preparations for a renewal of ths
war
The G -or pi a militia have been beta furloughed
for thirty days.
10.000 PIECES
JUST RECEIVED, which will bes-nttosny
address on reception of oar catalogue price.
We have now be-ome the sole A rents in North
Carolina for Geo. Dunn A Co., of Richmond, wko
are the LARGEST and FINEST Music Publishers
ia the Snth.
All orders tothem, from this SUte will be fill
at ear stere.
One half off to the trade.
Apply for Catalogues of Music, Books, Ac.
BRANSON A FARRAR,
Raleigh, N. C.
September 7th, 1864. w tf
Primitire Baptist Auceiatioi.
THE Annual M-etinfr o this Asociation will
eonvene at Neuae Church, six mile north-east
of Raleih. on FRIDAY before tbe la it Sunday
; in September next. Persons from a distance ar-
riving ac naieign oy ranru, wm w wnwu"
with conveyance to the place ef meeting,
aujr 27-dlt w3t
City papers friendly to the cause of reUgico,
please copy.
Trinity College.
THE next seesioa will earn men ce on the 7th ef
September next. : Tuition front eight to tea
dollars per month, in advant: Board, oae
j dred dollars per month, payable monthly, in aa-
vaaee ; or. about eight dollars per msmth, it pax
in provisions at peace prices. There are
! extra charges for washing and room rent. M"
; dents arerequesUd to brief ail the text-book!
tney may e aoie w procure.
W. T. GANNAWAY,
july29-wl0t President.
N0tlc...-mfB BP Bd JtaBlttrd t
. the Jait of Caiaw... a dark WJ
aoout Wtv veartoi age. oa " ," f
. is PLEASANT, and that he the
j Uagh Carlylt aaa S.
I