* Weekly Jeffersonian.
Vol. IL
It ? B’ Bfc i !|l ill 0
io ! ihlß' JO JS3 1 1 yS'- /Z /. *,
I I
1 ||l|! |g|
jWwfj i Ju.
fey Bx MIK
WWw P’?
Iwf wf
OWBlW^^qt.dois Wtf. «K
wWWMfwOI <r
Ci
M
/z /HJuIjKKmX ■ Jrifa .jy^KpMß^feggy z //fIaWMI %r^<k. jx’ • W'< » '■ > ■'
When a man has the misfortune to live ahead of his time, and asks Society to reorganize itself on a more just basis, we call him a traitor, an
anarchist. We hang him or crucify him. <
Then we allow corrupt politicians, political leaders, who have no conscience, no principle, but that of relieving the masses of what they earn,
marshall us to the polls like a flock of sheep—and once elected proceed to legislate in the interest of those who pay the most. Yet we seem to enjoy
this political bunco. We call it ‘‘high civilization." —G. Nye.
Roosebelt to Tight Obercapitalization:
Washington, Jan. 29. —The men who
have been trying to get the president
to issue a statement moderating his
attitude on the regulation of corpora
tions are shortly to receive a severe
shock. The president is now at work
upon a plan of railroad rate regulation
and if he carries it out the light made
against him over the Hepburn bill will
be a mere summer breeze compared
with what will follow.
The first suggestion will be made in
a letter which the president is now
drawing up with the intention of send
ing It to the interstate commerce
commission, although he is quite likely
to send it to congress in the end. It
will deal with a question which was
not touched in the rate fight last year
—the question of capitalization, the
valuation of railroad properties, and
the cost of operation, all to be ascer
tained and used as a basis for deter
mining rates. The idea is to give the
railroads a fair return on actual invest
ments and to eliminate profits deriv-
A Demoted to the Advocacy of the Jeffersonian Theory of Government.
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, February 7, 1907.
ed from overcapitalization.
Such a proposition undoubtedly will
arouse the railroads as nothing else
has done, and the president will have
on his hands the fight of his life. The
president, however, intends to take up
the question in his usual fashion and
to make it the subject of next winter’s
battle. The understanding is that the
communication to the interstate com
merce commission will be merely the
first gun in a campaign which will oc
cupy the attention of congress at its
next session. That will be a long ses
sion, ending at the outset of a presi
idential campaign, and there will be
a fine arena for a fight.
The striking similarity between these
plans of the president’s and Senator
La Follette’s ideas leads to the conclu
sion that Mr. Roosevelt has taken up
the Wisconsin senator’s propositions
and decided to advocate them. La
Follette has been fighting for just
such a plan since he entered congress.
He offered amendments last year along
these lines when the rate bill was up.
He has since drawn a bill and has
made speeches about it.
The interstate commerce commis
sion has found itself handicapped by
its inability to ascertain a basis for
ratemaking. It has absolutely no way
of making such determinations except
on complaints, and even then has no
real basis without being able to de
termine the cost of transportation. It
is understood that the commission has
reported this fact to the president,
with the result that he investigated
Senator La Follette’s plan.
The La Follette idea, as expressed
in amendments he offered to the Hep
burn bill last year, and embodied in
senate bill 7,399, now in the commit
tee on interstate commerce, is that
until the fundamental basis for rate
making is established by ascertain
ing the value of railroad property and
the cost of transportation it is worse
than useless to expect the interstate
commerce commission to afford any ad-
Would 'Base Railroad Rates
On the Actual Investment.
equate relief to complainants.
His bill directs the commission to
investigate and ascertain the fair val
ue of the property of every railroad
engaged in interstate commerce. The
commission is authorized to employ
such engineers and other assistants as
may be necessary, and is directed, af
ter ascertaining such values, to keep
itself fully informed as to the values
of extensions and additions, so as to
keep its valuation of each railroad’s
property properly revised and up to
date. On contests of valuations by
railroads provision is made for hear
ings before the commission.
In his speech on the rate bill last
year Mr. La Follette cited a decision
of the supreme court in which it said:
“We hold that the basig of all cal
culations as to the reasonableness of
rates to be charged by a corporation
maintaining a highway opder legisla
tive sanction must be the fair value
of the property being used by it’ for the
(Continued on page 12.) *
No. 3.