r
9 2
C a
v
...
THE CONFEDERATE.
5 1
.- J'
THE CONFEDERATE.
ADVERTISING-.
ADVFRTI&KUKNT8 win be irtrd at tw
aouats per jMrcrrf tmt lint (p for aac
isaertio. Marriage aoticea sod iifarks ill D r.
eharg edss advertkeneats. .
JO WORK.
ion WORK nt every .JwtlptUs will be
ecjatad at this Ofltee with diapatek, and aa aaall?
as ca be done any where ia tk Sooibtro Con
ederaey. U u
7
(ft
A. 31. GORMAX & CO., Proprietors.
liv
TERMS:
DA1LT EDITION, for 6 months $12
4 1 3 ....... .. '
D
i
it
3
... . 7
TRI-WEEKLY, for S months.
3
WEEKLY EDITION, for 6 month.- 5 j
Ne snoscrtptions will be received on any other
terms than the above, n0r for a longer or ahorter
period. "
V0L.1.
RALEIGH, WEDNESDAY,
13, 1864.
NO.. 11.
APRIL
F4
rl
U
ft
Who Ought to Go ?
Ia all that we hare published on tie ques
tion of enrolment and conscription, we have
been pvernd by one consideration to meet
the wants of the army, as expressed by the
officers and soldier, and timed the necessities
of the nation, as declared by the Government
Bud Congress the object teing to secure such
a force as willenabte our armies to achieve
results to brin about the most speedy peace.
The broad principle we lay down is, that
all men who are physically able, and who
ore not more useful at home, ought to be
sent to the army and tha't all the rfieo hold
inrr a State commission for an office which
does not impose useful duties, ought not
to beheld up for exemption.
Such is the wish of our General ; such the
ardent desire of the soldiers in the field ; such
is the wish and purpose of the Government.
In accordance with this principle, all agri
culturists and laborers ia industrial pursuits, i
who are more useful at home, will be left at !
home; for although artful politicians have so
accused, it never was tho intention of the
Government to deprive tbejsoil of the necef-
sarv tillers and laborer?" or the industrial av- ,
ocation-. of their required operators.
The late laws of Gn?ress demonstrate thh;
and the instructions from the Conscription
Bureau embrace and hold fat to this inten
tion. It is to be hoped that all in the employ
of the government will strive to secure the
greatest possible strength to the army, with
the least deprivation to the. country, of the
nacessary horn- lab-r. Wo conceive that to
this nobody can object, and this is all we
have contended for.
Now, who fall within the State offices that
ought not to be exempted? for it is easier to
specify those, than the affirmative sort who
ought to be. We unhesitatingly reply, that
all ouylit not of whom the Governor will not
s;iv that they are individually necessary and
useful. In aiding the Governor to arrive at
the correct conclusion, if the Legislature
should be in sossi on it would not be amiss to
have the expression of that body ; not iven
in the spirit of a political partizn body, but
in the spirit of a wise representative assembly,
working for the constitutent pood. Bur tfie
Governor would hardly be justifiable in wait-
ing an unreasonable time long enough to
damage the cauie in order to receive euch
opinion ; for, in the meantime he is clothed
with ample power a.ul vested with full dis
cretion to say yes or no; -and hU say is final,
when veri6ed by official certificate.
In North Carolina there about five thou
sand Justices of the Peace. We estimate at
an average of sixty for a cr.unty, and believe
this is not an unfair etimate Of these, fulL
ore-half are under forty-fie years of age.
There aro then of this class of State officers
twenty-five hundred, or a full brigade. Nw
we put a question : Is- tbere law busiuess,
within the cognizance cf Justiccrfof the Peace,
enough to occupy this entire array ? Or, can
it all be done bv th-' other half, vjr tlmsc above
the age of forty-five? Out of these twenty-five
hundred, perhaps five-hundred would be ex
empted for physical disability and other
causes, which would further increase the
number for the performance of whatever in
tricate, laborious or responsible duties may
arise at home.
Thus, theD, two fine regiments, of one thou
sand each, may be obtained in North Caro-"
lina out of Justices of the Peace! Can any
one deny that they would be more useful
in the army than at home? Can any one-pretend
that they are needed at home, as Justices?
It rests with Gov. Vance to decide tbe question.
Tnc soldiers are unanimous that they ought to
go. We recei.'e letters on letters to this effect,
daily, from the array. The friends and rela
tives of the soldiers at home think they ought
to go, and we are only the representative of a
general public opinion, when we claim for them
the privilege of going.
Gov. Smith, of Virginia, has set a laudable
example in this matter. With much fewer of
this sort, he has not claimed their exemption.
When it is remembered that a fnH army division
may be made up, at a low calculation, from this
class, the country can easily see how much of
material force is lost by their exemption.
Exchange of Prisoners.
. Our Richmond exchanges inform us that 6n
tOrday or .O-motrOW, a flag of truce boat is
expected, with a large number of Confederate
prisoners, for exchange, and that a propor
iionate number of Yankee prisoners will be re
turned. Our Commissioner, Oul J, has been to Old
Toint and returned to Richmond on Saturday,
after having adjusted, it is said, the vexed
questions that have so lonjj interrupted the
resumpt:on of the cartel. It is understood that
Commissioner Quid had an", interview with
Butler, the particulars of which have not yet
transpired ; but somef the Richmond papers
intimate pretty strongly that an unnecessary
and humiliating " back down " and concession,
on the part of our authorities, has been made
to Butler. With other Richmond papers, we
thiuk common justice would suggest the with
holding of censure until tie facts, which yet
reruain an official secret, are mad known.
1Uch23, 1864,
"Oov. Smith:
"Your letter of the 224 referred to Conscrip '
Bureau with folio wing endorsement :
"The men in these militia organizations come,
ia my judgment, under the liabilities to military
service, declared by the acts of the Confederate
Congress. They are none of these 'troops of war
kept by a State in time of war, in the contem
plation of the constitution. Being so liable, those
capable of active service in the field between the
ages of eighteen and forty-fire, mast be at once
cocscribed and devoted to the old organix .tion,
either by their own selection or by- assignment.
Those who would belong to the reserve forces
being already in organization, similar in a great
degree (though under State authority), to those
contemplated for th reserves, and by tbelr anion
with others not liable to conscription, holding per
haps together a larger local force than might
otherwise be collected, need not at once be called
into Confederate service, but may be allowed to
remain" as they are until farther orders. The
claim to them cannot be surrendered, but the. con
tingencies of the future must determine whether
'hey may not be more usefully employed in their
PrMent organization, than in new reserve com
panies for Confederate service.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
Jambs A. Seddox, Secretary of War"
The foregoing letter from the Secretary of
; War, was published in the papers of this city a
few days since, and it attracted our attention,,
as evidencing a willingness on the part of the
Government to leave the reserve forces, or those
between seventeen and eighteen, and between
forty -five and fifty, to some extent, in he State"
organizations in' which they are at present en
rolled, along with others of the Home Guard, "
who are not liable to conscription by the late
act of Congress. In an afticle in our paper of
the 4th inst.,. referring to the possibility of a
raid on Raleigh or an approach of the enemy
towards this place, we ventured to recommend
to Col. Mallett that tLe object of the depart
Idnt would not be effected by taking such ac
tion here, for that the officers appointed therein
(the Home Guard) 44 in many instances, " were
obnoxious " to many of our citizens, " and
'distrusted on every account whether justly cr '
not, is not now the question." - We did not care
to specify persons, nor did we intend to dis
cuss the justice of this distrust, as we then
said .
The matter has since been talked of in t-uch
way as to require that we should specify the
more particular instances, though we are
still indisposed to enter upon any discussion
as to how well r ill founded the distrust we
spoke of maybe our only object being to
provide, in case of an emergency, the system
of defence to which no objection can properly
be taken, in lieu cf one with which many
citizens are grei ly discontented.
It is known that Col. Harrison, the com
manding rfficer of the regiment of Home
Guards, is a strong supporter of Mr. Holden
perhaps his roost immediate supporter in this
place. Capt. Richardson is row joint own
er of the Progress, which, however professed
ly neutral, is well understood to be in Mr.
Holden's interests. Capt. Finch is said to
have been active in the l itter political dis
snnsions which, sonSe months ago here, were
fraught with violence to two presses iu this
community.
In view of these fact", there are many
citizens who will be liable to military duty in
the " reserve force," but not liable to con
scription, who will prefer, if they are at
liberty to select, to avoht being under the
command of either of the officers we have
named. And it is in their behalf, that we
urge the military commandant to recommend
to the Secretary that he will relax his in
ten tion, as declared to Gov. Smith; and per
mit such persons to be immediately under the
command of Confederate officers.
They have the right to express this pre
ference, and they are not called upon to as
sign any other reason than that they prefer it,
seeing that by law they, are conscripts in the
rf serve force, ind only ' allowed to remain as
they are uutil further orders " for a reason
that the Secretary deems a pood or??, in the
interests of the public. But if they are dis
satisfied, and prefer the new organization con
templated by the military bill, under Cbi
fetlerate authority; they have a right to ask for
it.
Without raising any question of loyalty or
other personal isse, the distrust of which we-
spoke might be discussed on political grounds;
iJnit we have not and had not any wish to do
J more than state a fact, which is undeniable.
j that thU dissatisfaction docs exist ; and m-e
tarG aisno. still to rm:fine nnrlve aimnlv
to this statement. At the same time, we
renew the expression of our belief," that the
proper defence of this post will be best f ecu red
by having one bead and that in strict sub
ordination to Confederate authority.
The War News An official dispatch has
been received at the War Department from
General Beauregard, communicating infor
mation from Maj jr-General Putton Anderson ,
of the destruction, o Saturday last, of a large
double stack, sule-wheel steamer in the St.
John's river, Florida. The vessel was destroy.
ed opposite tbe mouth of Doctor's Lake, some
fifteen miles above Jacksonville. She is sup
posed to have been tbe Maple Leaf, vhich, if
will be recollected, was seized last summer by
Confederate prisoners, who, by a coup de main,
effected their escape. Nothing is said of loss
of life, nor is it st.ted yjheiher tie steamer
was destroyed by a torpedo, or by s fire from
toe shore.
Fastins ed Prayer.
Friday next is the day set apart far " Fast
ing, Humiliation and Prayer, "by the people
of the nation. Let us hope that it will be
most faithfully and religiowsly obscrred by
the people that at Lome and . in the various
sanctuaries of the land, e prayers of the peo
ple will ascend to the Throne of the Heaven
ly Grace, that "Almighty God will preside
over our public counsels and authorities -that
He will so inspire our arl-ies and their leaders
with wisdom, courage and perseverance, and
so manifest Himself in the greatness of His
goodness and majesty of His power, that we
may be safely and successfully led through
the chastening to whfch we are being subject
ed, to the-attainmept of an honorable peace, so
that while we enjoy the blessings of a free
and happy government, we may ascribe to
Him the honor and the glory of our indepen
dence and prosperity. "
And let it not be forgotten to pray to "the
Lord of the Harvest that H t would vouch
safe to our country ' bounteous crops that
He would grant unto us the early and the lat
ter rains, the sunshine and the shower, and
save u$ fn.m storms, from bllghtahd mil
dew, that our barns may be filled and the
laud be jcrowned with abundance. And if
with humble, contrite, repentant hearts the
Nation shall thus humble itself before God,
aud work righteousness, we have His word
for it, that we "shall be exalted," and be
brought out into the promised land of deliver
ance. The Richmomd DiPATCH,-Tliis paper
attributes to another North Carolina cotempo
rary, tho article of this paper which exposes
the errors of Gov. Brown, in his nn wtge,
relative to the suspension of the writ of habeas
corpus in England.
The Dispatch says Gov, Brown has pro
bably confounded the writ of habeas corpus
with the veto, which tho law places in the
hands of the sovereign, and which it is f aid has
not been exercised since tho revolution.
Concerning the right of the Confederate
Congret-s to pass the act of the late session,
the Dispatch -says : .
"With regard to - the law of.lat session,
nothing can-be plainer than the power ot Con
gress to ass it. . That yower is given by the
Constituion iu terms as plain and as unmis
takable as the power to declare war. or the
power to lay taxes in support of Government.
A man who disputes so plain a provision, ex
pressed. in such accurate terms, must be very
far gone with the disease, of fault-finding."
Explosion. A portion of the Powder
Mills, near this-city, were blown up on yester-
. day, by which one man was killed, and
teven l-adly injured among theru Mr. Water-
lnuse. one of the Proprietors, who had a leg
broken. We have not heard the cause of the
explosion.
.
TftK Weather. Tho month of April has
thus far been of the darkest, gloomiest,
ehilliest, juiciest character. Instead of April
frhowers, it has been almost an incessant pour
down rain. We are to have a " new moon '
to-day, and we hope for an improvement on
the one that is passing away " to wax and
wane no more.
Latest from the North.
The Richmond papers contains extracts
from Northern papers to the 31st ult. inclu
sive. We glean from them the following sum
mary :
Nortji Carolina. Burnside's expedition
forces are still assembling at Annapolis.
That it.is intended or operations in North
Carolina, may be gathered from the following
extract c( a letter imvn Burnside himself i
It may not be amiss for me to mention a
remark made by me at a breakfast given at
the Astor House in November, 1861, to the.
officers of one of my Massachusetts regiments,
then en route h r Ai.capolis, preparatory to
onr starting on our North Carolina expedi
tion. It wag on the morning that we heard
of Dupont's success on the coast of South
Caroliua. I said that it should be a source of
congratulation to every loyal person that a
lodgment had been made by Union troops
ipu that portion of the Southern coast where
.-la very exists to the maximum extent. The
moLstTous asseriion has been made by the
traitors that their new government is to have
slavery for its corner-stone, and that the in
stitution can be used bybem as a positive
belligerent force. And now we will have an
opportunity of determining whether "or. not
is force cannot be turned to our own ac
count; and it is clearly the duly of every
General in the field to Neutralize or turn to
- his own account any force that he may find
himself confronted with by the enemy, wtc thcr
it be active or latent. "
Arkansas. Yankee dispatches say that
the army in Arkansas is cn the move for
what place is not known. -A dispatch from.
Fort Smith says : .
The .iftmy of the frontier as welt 'as the
troops composing the department of Arkansas
are now in mot km is; well known ; that ail re
beldcm will wonder need not as'onish any.
The move is pregnant with glorious results
for our forces, and if certain renowned generals
in the Confederate army are not nonplused, it
will be neither the fault of Generals Steele
nor Thayer, nor the brave columns now faced
toward the enemy. A fight or a foot-race is
imminent.
A second dispatch from Fort Smith says:
-The right wing of the army of Arkansas,
unelercommanr of Gereral Thayer, left yes
terday with' banners flying and drums beating
. the bands playing the Girl I left behind
me."
The troops are in the best of spirits, and ere
long will be in Northern Texas.
For Tha Confederate, j
sdenee cr &aJc?&tba. .
Uecs. fcpjToRs: Will you please pub-J
dish t9 following remarks of the Hon. D.
V. Yourfatet on tie administration at Wash
ingtoa and my comments upon them :. ,
Tt Uori. D. W.- Voorheet, of Indiana, in
his speech in Congress recently, said;
sir, the saddest question embraced
withkk the scope of my remark- remains to
be aerped s I draw. there to a close. Has
the Scy pursued for the last three years
result! I the formation of a more perfect
Uniadf'
"ITis language that the hongneof mm can
mlsrpld fornji s) expressive an answer to
such a iqneition as a - silent survey of the
dreadful scents which lies betore u-i. A gulf
of blood and teal's and all of human' g ny
whieh the afflicted race of man can know this
side of the dread abodes of tbe damned, di
vides the suffering and miserable sections of a
once fraternal and contented people. States 'I
men of Christian faith, imbued with the lofty
spirit of Htm who gave His blessxug to the '
merciful, could again rpan ths horrid chasm
and bind together the torn and bleeding liga- !
ments of the Union.' But an evil star is ra
ging in our sky, and under its malbjn power
the legislation of the land appears as the
frenzied, murderous, disjointed dream of a
madman in hi6cell.
"Such a penal code as now stands in the
way of the return o the men, women and
children. of the South to their allegiance, has
no parallel in the annals of tire human race.
A thousand miles of uibbets, with the dangling
halter and the leady executioner; universal
confiscation of property to the remotest period
of an innocent posterity ; the absolute extr
mi nation of a whole people and the appro
priation of the depopulated country t. the un
sparing demand? of a more than Norman con
quest; the utter extinction of every vestige of
onr present-form of government by Stafes, all
this and infinitely ior is contained i t''f
enactments which already stain the records of
American legislation. But why reed I dwrll
upon these evidences of disunion 7 The great
leader of the administration on this floor, the
getrtkmian from Pennsylvania,- (Mr. Stevens) I
i as deliberately here "announced,' after all our i
sacrifices' sorrows and lossfc 'tl;at the Union i f j-
ourfaJhersis dead, acd he who atiemp's its.
resurrection is a criminal instead of a priot.
He goes lurther and Htlmits all . fhese seceded
States have ever claimed their nationality.
They have sought iu vain in all of the four
quariecs of the earth for recoguitivjn. They I
find it at last at the hands of those who sneak-!
for the administration on this floor."
The abuve is the language of an honorable
and-truthful yankee if there can be stioh a
thirg--and not bfri secessionist ; spoken in
the yankee congress, and not in the Cn
federacy ; and may be considered hy all in the
Confederacy as the invitation extended, and
the reward offered aud the reception prepared
for 'tis, upnn our return to the Unyin, by the
yankee nation. Read it, consider it, and de
cide whether you will fight on to independence,
or die in the effort; or return to the kindly
ernbrace of the. Union, which presents "a
thousand miles tf gibbets, with the clmgling
halter atid the ready executioner; universal
confisca'ion of property in the remotest period i
of an innocent posterity, she absolute ex
termination of a whole people and the appro
priation ot the depopulated country" to your
view, as the reward of every man, woman and
child in the Confederacy, whether they have I
struck f r freedom or not, s Vu!l the yankres
only be able to execute their laws and get you
into their power, wh ther by dcepti.m and
trickerv, er by f rce of arms.
I would specially 'commend this ppevch to ;
therensideration of the pVace . submission, re
construction, re-union, conservative men of
tl.e country, if there be any among us. They
Will see that universal confiscation of proper
ty is the decree sent forth by, their Yankee
brethren, and that there is not and will not
be any exception made in their favor. We
lire all in the same boat, and will all " sink or
swim, smvive. or perish" together.. The
time has arrived when there can be no neu
trality iu this contest, in which everything is
at stake ; every man mrtst bo for or against ;
the Confederacy, and "by their fruits ye shall !
nun tv itici'
All those who are not with us, are against
us, and those who are. Against us are pur
enemies whether they be yankees, conserva
tives J'of the straitest sect," tories, or traitors,
and should not be permitted to live among us;
forii must be evident to every one that Ixjth
sides cannot, ii the nature of things, bo right
and succeed, and one side or the other must
be put down, and that without hesitation or
d lay. Never was there a time when it could
be said, with more truth than now " the
sa ety of the Republic is the supreme law":
and I would add, whoever would stand in the
way of our success must be crushed, without
coinpa-sion, without mercy. Ef en the yaukee
Steveus deliberately announces that " the
Union of our fathers is dead, and he who at
tempts its resurrection is a criminal instead of
a patriot."
If tbe yankees, then, think thus of tho.e
who would attempt the restoration of the
Union. whaought we of tbe Confederacy, who
have givu the best and bravest four citizens,!
and who have suffered so much in the delence
of our native land, here our best blood has
b en poured out like water, to think of the
miserable wretch, who dares to "think, much
less to talk about the restoration of the Union.
I would make an appeal to all Confederates
to buckle on their arms and prepare to strike
for justice liberty, independence, honor, in
defence- of their wives and children, like rnea
determined to l e free, or to dflls, like tLv old
gnard of NapoJeon, at Waterloo, with a halo of
glory around them ; and let our reply ever
be like theirs "we know how to die, but not
to surrender ;" and then the , time will have
arrived when we can "and shall be free sod
independent. XO.
A resident of Kew Orleans, just from that
city, says that Memminger's treasury notes
are worth more in that city, than in. r-ther
neetiens of tbe Confederacy. The rrcoles who
are in the city,Tiave bnt little to do with the
Federale.
We call attention" to a communication in
this paper, over the wgnatiire of " 3L 0.'
Let those who dream and .bug the dwlusicb
of re-urtoii with the Nonh and the return. f
peace ard prosperity thereby, read tho can
did, faithful extract from Mr. Voorhrei speech
in the Yankeo CeJigress, quoted in the cotu
munication' referred to, and learn from an ene
my ihe plain aud undisguised truth,
:
KtSTCctV The accounts given by the
Yankees themselves of Gen. Forrest's attack
upon Paducah, shows the alternation and
panic that prevailed among their troq.?,
which they try to cover up by egregious
lyiug ; such . as that " ti e rebels lost three
hundred kilhd and one thousand wounded .
MACHINIST WANTED.
WANTED, a good Machiaiat f take charge
of a Steam Sew. ard Grist Mill. To one
thvt will coino well recommended ai to aobrietr,
industry and skill, a liberal price will be paid.
Address, Dr. GEO. C. SUOU,
Joyner's Depot, Wihwo, Co., 5. C.
S2-dStAw3i .
SOUTHRRX rinUl ATIOXS ON HAND.
rtMli: Rival Administration.
$1
00
00
25
Z0
00
00
00
00
00 '
50
75
00
50
00
Q0
00
00
00
00
L Scriptural V'eiva of National Trial,
The Bohemian,
The Seijrc of VicksbuTg,
Hunter's Piano Fort Instruction,
W arrfn's Stfrpfery
Gilliam's Manual,
Army Regilations,
Evolutions of the Line, '
Wheeler' Cavalry,
Volunteer's Field and Camp book,
Napoleons Maxim of War,
Cavalry Drill, by Patten,
Uaynnet Ezercice and Skirmish Drill,
Tbe -Volunteer's Hand-book,
School of the Guides,
Second Year of the War,
York's English Grammar,
Siuith'd'English Grammar, rcriird,
Opr Own Speller,
The Dixi.Primer, Pictorial,
The Coufuderata Primer,
Our Own Primer,
Sou theru Methodist T.rimei ,
First Book in Coiap:)siou,
Our OwnTirst Reader,
The First Dixie Uader, '.
Bingham' Latin Grammar.
Geographical Reader with Majs
Uilrt Poem.
The Gueril..i, Dialogees,
Wesleyan.Cati'ltisoi, No. 1,
Weeleyan C-chism, No 2,
Caper'; Cal.f '.(ism,
Sermon Cate. hism, bv Wood,
.Historical Serif tar Ouedtion.
Swndav- Sch ol Bell,
U blical Catv hism, bv Lausd.-ll
The Battle o; the BaVd,
Campaign from Texa to MaryUtid,
Lee MiserabTes Fantiuo,
" . " ' Maurius,'
" " St. Dennis,
Jean Vatj:en. 6th vol.
Bonnie Blue Flair.
Catton Field Mclodi,
Lady Avdlcya Secrett
The Camp j?tcr,
Worgran and His Men, 2nd Edition,
Ilob.rt and HaraM, A Romance,
N'eeley'a Discourse.-.
Kumnntic Pastagoi iu S. W. lU'torv,
, Southern Lifnarv ikssengcr,
. The Age .V New Monthly.
Fic-Id and Finptfid Novelette,
The Confederate A Romantic t'.estf, ' '
Soldier Boy S(npter,
N.-B.. Thoe ordripe bo.ks hv Mail
.1
1
H
a
9
5
&
6
a -
1
50
40
io
2 00
75
I
i
2
1
00
00
no
25
ft'r
i
a.,
30
50
10
'i
00
00
00
t0
3
V)
.so
0 0J
1 00
S hi)
l W
1 50
' i 50
2 00
2 0(f
2 00'
2 00
1 f)0
slauld
aend an extra ten cents on the dollar, for pMataio.
BRANSON A FARRAU.
mhD;-7-w' lUleijrh. N. C.
sew 1 vuiii Cat i o x 8. by Bioxstw" '
FA UK AH
THE Gi20GRnAPK;AL RKADER. with Maps,
is ju.stpublish;d. This islhe only (iographv
published in the Confedti cv, and id to ba foll.ured
by a Common Sehoi4 Ootiraphv. Send in Wur
oi-derj soon. Price S2 0) .
TAE JACK MORGAN SONGSTER, now iu
press, will he r:u1v .on:.a Frier 7 ct.
ORK 8 KNGLl H GRAMMAR - thinl edi.
tion, is ju-t published. U if entirely 'a Southern
work, ani one of th bat Grammars published.
Price $2.00.
' THE DIXIE PRIMER one of the cheapest
and best book for chMdreu, has gone through lliu
aecond edition with ifri'at ppnlarity. J'rice por
huudred, $25,fH),
THE FIRST DIXIE READEH b now ready.
Mrs. M. B. Moore, aJthor of the sc nor. Price 75
cents.
THE DIXIE SPELLING BOOK-s now in
pres?, and will be ready as noon as possible. Price
81,50.
HESPER AND OTHER POEMS, hy Theo.
H. Hill second edition nearly exhausted. Send
n vo r orders. Price $1,50. "
"MYRTLE LEAVES, nf.w in press, hll be
issued as soon as possible under the circumstinees.
It wiAl be a popular book. Price $2,00.
MORVEN AND LINDA, by Rev. .A. W.
Mangum. Beaatiful and gooeV Price $l0Q.
FIRST BOOK IN COMPOSITION, c ntains
a number ot pleasant writing cxerciiea. The only
book of the kind published ia the Confederacy.
Price $2.00.
, HISTORICAL SCRIPTURE QUESTIONS
suited to Sabbath SchooN, and to soldiers in camp.
thees book of the aoi t 5t publish, d. Price 30
cents. .
The usual deductions made to the trade.
N. B. Those ordering books to be neniper rnait,
must end 10 cents extra on .each dollar Oopf
postage
BRANSON & FARUAR.
Rak-ifth, Blarcb 16.
h 16 7-w
$50 RKWABD.
T ANA WAY FROM THE SUBSCRIBER
ON
.CV the Nth of February, NEGRO WOMAN.
teuid woman is obcit 30 years of ae, complexion
black, height 5 feet four niches, and has lost her
right breast by a cancer. Suppose she is try-
ing to pass herself off as a free woman in the
neighborhood of Knsp of Reed. er "Tally Ho,
Granville county, N. C. The bove reward will
paid for her delivery to me "or confinement in jail
so that I can get her. SARAH K ROSS.
op 1 57-w4t Durham Station. K. C.
IvOrtb taralina, ) VJrt of Equity, Fall
WxaaEK Cocxrr. ) Term, 16 03. "
Marion Sanders and Sarah N. his wife, N. T.
Green and Lucy N. bii wife, Jahn II. Marpliv end
Can dine M. his wife, Thomas P. Alston, William
WTAIston and Frederick McWilliams.
. ' r.
Bssuamtn A. KavendW, Win. Ted and Florence
' hht wife, Benj. A. Lavender, Jr., Eliza Ann Bod
die, Joel Lnpton and James White.
In this case it is ordered that publication be
made in a newspaper published in the city of
Raleirh, N. C, as to the non-resident defendants,
to wit: Eliza Ann Boddie, Joel Lupton and James
White, for six weeks, notifying th ,-m ef the filing
'of this bill, and that unless "they appear at tbe next
tern Of this Ctdrt, to be held at the Court House '
in- Warreoton, on the third Morday after the
fourth Mpnday of March, A. D. 1864, and plead,
answer tfr demur thereto, the same will be taken
as contested, and beard exports j to them.
Witness, Charles ij. Cook, Clerk and Master of
s-id Court, nt office in Warrenton, the third If on
day after tbe fourth Monday of September, 1863.
. C.-H. COOK, Q M. E.
Issatd Htb day f Fobruarrj lTJi. J 3.
ATtt Or KMtTO CAUOLIM, '
-J Warurm Cor.trr. j
. co.vitr'o.r Eif uj rr
ohn Ilarriaoa Maw kiv, aa Ufa at uador th
aj of twenty-one yeara, by Jamas A. Erertoa, hi
CMrdian a nest frkad. Charles M. Cook asJ
Jthn K. VTIler, aaecutoraer tho latt will aid tea
tanst of Winifred W. nawkiiit, deceased, and
Jane B. Miller,
A 9l itt
Benjamin E. C.ok, exfeatorof .trJjn H. nawkins,
deceased, John II. VTeming, Jane Walker. (f..r
merly Omeary,) Benjamin E. Cwk and Sally II
Cook, his wite. Jt.hn II. Klmbill, cf the State of
Tennessee, Fanny II. KimballoC the said State of
Tennessee, and Nancy Power .f the State f Mb--issfppt
It appearing from the affidavit tild in th oflice
of the aait Court, that John U. Kiiball, Farmv H.
kwimball and Nancy Power, three of the defendants
in this cause, reside beyond tbe limits of this
State, it is therefore ordered that publication be
stade ia the Raleigh Coufedt rate, for six weeks,
notifying the said defendants of the nliug of this
bill, and that unless ther appear at the nxt term
of safd Court, to be hejd at tho Court Ilnuse in
Warrentn, on the Third Monday after the Fourth
Mtftday of March next, and plead. anr r or de
mur to thf said bill, the siroe will betaken si con.
feesed and heard rxparte aa to them. Witne,
Charles M. Cmk, Cl-rk and Matter of Cusn,
atofticsin barren ton. the Third Mnndav aftf-r
k tbe Fourth Mondar of September, 1803. 4
isoeu 1st uay ot ttruarv, lSt4.
a wet e. coon, c. m. r.
North Carolina, ) Superior Cowtof Law,
Varssn Corxtr. "Tall Term. 18f.a.
John V. Cdwtburn, Executor f Henry Cawthoiit.
.
Dnniel Bowden Oriainal attachment levied en
Land
In ibis ca-e it is ordered that publicatiou b
made in a newspaper pubPhed in tb city of
Raleigh, fwr aix weeks, notify injc the defendant,
that nle! he appear within tin tliu prepcrtbrd
by I.i w, and replevin aud plead. juJjruu nt bv de
fault' will be entered N;;aint hv.n. and th Isnd
le ied mi will b condemned to satiMj th laintifTe
recover v.
Witness. Benjr-in F..n,V, Clerk dKiid Court
at olhY in Warsvntou. the thin! Memlav after th
J fourth Monday of September, 1 oJ3."
UENJ. I.. COOK, C. S. C.
Isu d lllAi djv of Febrcarv, 1S4. ." v.
Coort of Fqaltj for Wake CwmiiIj, 1
Seai.vo Tanu, . i
Gecn
The Hfirs of Hurhon High, !tc'd aud oihci
Petitiou fwr ! of land :'
It appearing that the daforuUnl la this c;tu,
to wit: Leonidif Hifh, and Martha, Lis fitter,
an I rt roinhtn I. (if ehe be marrte j) are tjuit.reri
den'j of the btjte. ad v-.rt icemen t L LeMV wade
for s;d df.'bdn'.x to appear at the next Itrm ol
tiaid Ouurr, n the First Mon Uy f er the i" urth
Moitd jy .f March nxt, at the C'irlloe iii 1!mi
eigl:, t plead, anrwer nr deoitir t' the ( l.itntifl'
petti tn-
Witnt 4. It. i. Lt, Clerk ar.d Mj(r Kiui
tr for Wjtkc r.,umy, at vfLc in KaMgb. this 17f
day a' Ftbr.mrj, A U. lt. and In tUc"itrl
American Iudcpi udeui-e tbe hsih. '
s-w?t u. a. i.r.wis. c. m. :.
N ORTH CAKfI.IA, I hupeiior Cuii .f Lsw
LKKata Covktt. KmII Terrn IM.!5.
! John M. Jaelo:i and Rt h't H. Yati.ie
!
; Musef I'ttM 9. '
(ri?:'oi'l Attaehmti.t Leviid on r Tmi Lot in
th Town of Kirstn:i,
1 it t!ii cnee, it t urdeird tht nhii''4titi Ha
J made iu a neapa4cr publihej ,n !,. Mate, fur
six weeks, notifying the defeBCant, th.t nnhns lie
J appe within the time premibed J.y law, r
I plevier and plead, judg-nfnt hv ilefa'nl. w ill h-
emcru aattut Uwu. ani tt.o l-.t levied vn will t
:d t to satiefv tlie p!aii.tiff' tin nut.
Witnii,. Jnjtu Kinwy.lMerk of s-id Ciojit, it
oftiee Kintim, the tliijii Mnnu.iy att;r theKurth
Monday of September, 11?:t. f-ud 21d dv t
Fibruarr, 104.
5-;vt i:STilS KI NSEV. V. S. ('.
T(UTH CAROLINA,) Superior Court of l.u
i.T IIai.ii ax CuI'.ntv. ( Fall Term 1
Dani.l and Hei vt-r
r;
Thorns .V. Kowlin
O ijim:l attacbiiient Ievi-1 .(i 1 ,!.
In this . it t 01 den'd that ptibiiration be ru adr
ift a newKpapr published in the vitt of Itnleiph, for
u'ci-k.4, notiyinf th dcf r.'.int, tlmt wtilif ln
uppnt' within t,he'tiiie pi e-aciib.-d by Uw, ar.d re
lici.es and p'ra-ji. jiuhcntitit wll bo ordered
against him and the laud Jvvied on, will be Void
toSatiyfy thoaplaintifli del t.
Witneps, Jame M. (trixtatd, Clcik of said
Cottrt, atollice in Halifax town, thefourth Mflhdajr
after th fourth Mor.dav in Sit(,mbT lk0:t. .
Id.-uod 1st March, 1'.4.
G n;t JAS. M. GK1ZZARD, C. S. C.
j
Wnyne County, Xorlli Carolina.
Court of Pica and- Quarter ScMion, February .
Term, l8t..
Ceitith Joces,
Heirs aTlaw of Benj. Fetitfon f"r Ur''
Jones, dce'd. J
IT nupraring to the satisfaction of the Court
that John Jones and Jesse Jones, two of the
defendants in this cause, are bejond the limits cfA
the State. It is therefore ordered by the C-nrt
that advertisement be made for tl week- rc- ,
tivelr in the We kly .Conh derate, a n-w paper
published iu the city of Italtigh, r.otitvisg the
-said defendants of the tiling of this petition, and
that unless they appear and aotwer the petition,
the tame will be taken ire fow and heard
ix parte as to them. Witness, S. H. Denmark,
Clerk of said Court, at ofbee, in Goldtboto', the
3 id Mondav cf Februarv, A. D. 1464.
5-wCw. '. 8. H. DKKMARK, Clerk.
Lead Mine Interest for Sale.
I AM JHSPOSED TO SELL MY INTEREST
intheWYTHS UNION LEAD MINE COM
PANY, notwithstanding the property is thought
to pay a heavy per centum to the stockholders.
I invite gentlemen of capital to examine the prop
erty. Mr. Wm. Kohlcr, the agent, will gve all
the nccessarv information, or they can C4II and
see tn at Hickory Grove or Poplar Caxp, in
Wythe eonnty, Va.
mh 26-S2-d(t-w4t A.N. CHAFFINV
Lost OrtlflcUte of btork.The onrtrr.
signed has lost the fcllowit Certificate, No,
1124 tor $100, inedtoT. N. Copper. Raleigh,
dated July 20th 1S3, and asetgned 01 er to Sauil
Martin. Kverr ierm aa fortiddc n to purcoae
I the same, asspplica'ion w ill be made for its renew,
i al. HAM'L MAR I I V.
4
Salem, N. C
rtor Sale. One Offfro bojr about thirty
I X. years of age in good health ; an esjrellent
teamster, carriage driver, and work hand.
Applvto J. M. I.lTTLi:.
feb. 3, I864 l0-dtw.w4t. . Lexiegton. X. C
fUet of Chief QnirteratMfr, KulrliV,
V-f February 17th 186. Proiwsals will De
reived at this office until the 28th inst., for
w in oe re-
the
manufacture of Gil from tbe Tithe Pea Nuts.
. Proposals must state 1 be price per gallon for the
oil -produced; as tbe Government wpl require
the total produce of oil ss well as oiletke.
' W. W. PEIRCE.
30-d3tAw3t Maj. and Chief Q. M.
tr-Wflminglon fottrnal. Fayettevllle Obaer
rw, Raleigh Standard and Petersburg Hcyi.vr,
crpy 3 times ad send bill MJ. rritrc.