JTllE CONFEDERATE
A. 21. GOKMAX & CO., Proprietors.
TERMS :
IULY EDITION, fop 6 mouth? $1?
U 4 J i t
n tt J " 3
TIII-WEEKLY,Tor 6 months
n 3 4
WEEKLY EDITION", for 6 months 5
o suo.-criptions w ill be received on any other
tones than the above, nor lor a longer or shorter
period.
THE CONFEDERATE.
I ADVFRTISEME.YTH m.t .1 '
3
lUKDCg i i w i
dollais per tqnareof ten lines (or lets) for eack
insertion. Marri.ge notices aod oVsrle will b c
charged as Xdrertieements.
! JOB WORK.
J JOB WORK f every description will- t
ect-d at t!,i Office who dfcp.tch, d .i ntlr
s can be done anywhere In the Sontbrn CW
deraey.
VOL. L
RALEIGH, WEDNESDAY, APRIL Mr 1864
NO. 13.
mm
ii
ill If
The Speech of 3Ir. StephciTs.
The appearance of Mr. Vice President
Stephens before the Legislature of Georgia,
in his late spvecli, has given much rrgiet to
the trTi? friemls of the Confederacy, and
oj'i.il rejoicing to its ei.einiei. It will be re- j
published with distingnishe! edit, by the
Y.inkce pres.-e-; ; and if it retards in any de
cree th? succe.; ot the cuu-e, it will not be
the first effort of Mr. Stephens' which hua
produced a similar effect. Hi enthusiastic
erection of our Government on the corner
t-tone of slavery, in his rpcech early in the
war, more candid than wise, caught an echo
in every abolition j urnal of tin rope ; and
Mr. Lumr will tell tin Yicu President,
tii.it th it untimely utterance clogged the
efT Tt ;f our fiie;iI.j, and furnished the ani
r.iuniti -jn of our f-ies. It-is not the less re
pro?td that this arsenal has been again
opened with a like distribution.
Ever: Mr. Holdeu and North Carolina agi
tators, have found amid the riod of popular
d:-- iMrhatijn, a ; resting spot of dry laud,"
in hi- speech of Mr. Stephens.
See how affectionately in his own and Mr.
Holdru's be'ialf, the Progress nuos Mr.
fyfrpl.-eijs. finite an accidental Cod-send to
the N' rth Carolir.a agitatr rs, is this efi'uf-ion
.i HkCo:. tent, ill ftn.i!td in -disapproval as
ill applied. Mr. Stephens will soon "know
N rth Carolina politics," arid 44 1! e po&ition
of public men,'' by whom he is used.
i' r use him they will ; although they know
wt-!l ih difference between them and him ;
although th?y know well that every organ of
Mr. Stephens in Georgia repudiates their af
tiliatinii: yet they wiil clamber on to him if
th'-v an, and Mr. Stephens will have the
h-atisfactin to link his future with Mr. Hol
ds, and th- presru contest for Governor in
North CatoHui.
The use thai Mr. II 'den is making of Mr.
Stephens, induce us to ndice his speech,
which w. should otherwise, because ot our
h n ch'.'rished respect for the author, have
preferred to iinit.
The points of the speech are made upon the
late acts of Gngres the currency, the m;Ii
tary, .iA the act suspending the privilege of
th- habeas corpus.
Mr. lloldm rays through the Progress,
that he "stands np n the same platform as
Yi'e President .Stephens' that "tJjr .ucupy
the identical uronnd," and that "there is not
a f-h nh'W df difference."
"We hip pen to know that Mr. Holden stands
on tin same platform that Governor Drown
a: d Vice President Stephens does, and if he
he a traitor, so are they. lie opposes recon
struction or subtnisioi), and insists on a vigor
ous pro?cution of (he war while the Confeder
ate and State governments shall do all thev
car. t . bring the struggle to an honorable ter-I:-.
i ration by negotiation. Tre Conservatives
i T ie Tgia and North Carolina occupy the
fame identical ground, and as between Mr.
H Idt n, Governor Invn and Vice President
Stephens there is not the shadow of difference.
I 'i ogress.
Tim not only do Mr. Holden and the Pro
gress "occupy the same identical ground" of
.hich there is net a shadow vf difference, but
the conservatives of Georgia and North Caro
lina. Let u see: The Progress of the 6th inst.
say? cf the Tithe Law " " Repeal the Tithe
Law There is more or less waste all
over the State. Ve are in favor of its im
mediate repeal." Mr. Holden has always been
opposed to the "Tithe Law."
What does Mr. Stephens say
"At present we have subsistence sufficient
for the year, if it is taken care of and managed
with eceuomy. Upon a moderate estimate, one
within reasonable bouuds, the tithes of wheat
nni corn for last year were not less, in the
States east of the Mississippi, than eighteen
million of bushel?. Tins would bread an army
cf five hundred thousand men and one hundred
thousand horses for twelve months, and leave a
margin for waste or loss. This we have with- 1
cut levying or impressing a bushel or pound.
The tithe for meat for the last year will supply
the army for six months."
Thus does Mr. Stephens give his sanction to
the value of this law a law which saves the
j.oor man from taxation, and supplies, as Mr.
Stephens show?, an abundance in the veryj
articles themselves of food and forage, enough
tir our army, with all allowance for waste.
While Mr. Holden and the Progress demand the
immediate repeal of this valuable law ! And
yet these political Ccelebs in search of some
companion, hug Mr. Stephens as one between
whom and themselves there is "no shadow of
difference."
Thus at the very outset, these loving friends
diverge in their mutual directions as far as the
foiats of the compass will admit.
Oa the Currency, Tax anJ Funding Act, every
cue knows how bitterly these measures have
teen assailed by Mr. Holden and the Progress.
Terms of abuse only to be found in their vo
cabulary, have been lavished upon them. What
does Mr. Stephens say of them: "I simply
iy, in my judgment they are neither proper,
i?eorjust. Whether in the midst of conflicting
.ews in such diversity of opinion and interests,
anything better could not be obtained, i know
r.:t perhaps not."
Thus Mr. Stephens limits himself to ordinary
"approval, candidly confessing he bad nothing
letter to offer.
Bat why need we expose these glaring in
consistencies ? Why show up " the unadul
terated intrusion of this attempt by Mr. Holden
to bolster his bad cause, by purloining the gar-'-cts
of Mr. Stephens !
Why need we display to.tbe public the tight
fit " of this suit, when Mr. Holden pats it on.
How he bursts the seams in his effort to wear
it. He and the Progress will r.till hug Mr.
Stephens. Paddy did'nt hung him more furious
ly, although he "loved him betther than any
other mon living." Here's a couple that love
him just as well for their purpose, and " its.
themselves that are after bugging him."
As Mr. Stephens' speech will be spread over
this State for Mr. Holden's benefit, we shall
hereafter take Tip his argument on the military
and habeas corpus bills. '
"We Can't Get On! He Can't Get On!"
The poor, piteous, plaintive wail of the
Iocked-up Starling of Sterne. "I can't get
out! I can't get out ! said the starling,' has
caused many a throb of sympathy, many a
tear from those who read the sad recital of
imprisonment and sorrow. So clearly drawn
is the picture, that the mind's eye sees the
captive bird iu his cage, marks how in ,vain
he obtrudes his beak between the bars of his
prison-house, how he ruffles his delicate plum
age against the cold iron ; and the ear hears
with responsive melancholy the bitter re
pining of the baffled captive" I can't get out
I can't get out." Something like unto this
is the doleful tribulative scream of Mr. Hol
den andthe Progress. ' We can't get on we
can-'t get on the Georgia platform." Not so
melodious is this tale of woe as that of the
poor starling, by reason that there is all the
difference imaginable between this bird of
romance and the two political magpies whose
unavailing discords we are now describing.
But in one sense there is all possible similitude.
Both are essaying an unperformable task :
both .are- crying an unavailable regret.' No,
they " can't get on, they can't get oa the
Georgia platform." Wide as are its follies,
broad as arc its absurdities, space enough as
there is upon it for discontent and partyism ;
it has no place for Mr. Holden and At asso
ciate agitators. Universally every press,
without exception, iu Georgia, repudiates
him aud hi; and mostly 'hosthe nearest to
the cent e of the Georgia platform, are they
who most distinctly disclaim his fellowship
and companionship. They are they who, in
the language of the Progress, are most pro
fuse iu denunciations of treason and traitors in
North Carolina;' and when ttyey so de-uouuut-,
th-cj- Mr. Holden and the Pro
gress and the Progress feels it. The rro
gress bewails "Why is this?''
The answer is simple,: It is because the
" Georgia platform " means negotiation by
tha Government. North Carolitrl agitation
urges illegal negotiation by the people. .
Georgia means Independence. Agitation
means " the best terms it can get." Georgia
mcann the integrity of the Confederacy..
North Carolina agitation, through Mr. -Holden,
has unqualifiedly recommended the sur
render of Missouri, Kentucky, Maryland and
West Virginia.
Lastly: Georgia expresses unanimous, hearty
con6dence in Mr. President Davis. Does Mr.
Holden ? Do the agitators adopt that plank
of the pla4form ? As far is the north pole from
the south pole as is the east from the wtst
so far is the agitation move from the Georgia
platform. Both are bad in their ways the
difference is between folly and crime.
But, ayMr. Holderf, speaking through the
Progress of April the 9th," We adopt Mr.
Stephens' speech as our platform, and are
willing to rise or fall in such company." It
was only a short time since that Mr. Vice
President Stephens was hugged; now he is
adopted by Mr. Holden and the Raleigh Pro
gress ; they abe- willing to rise or fall in
his company. But they- can't get on " to
Mr. Stephens. While they are willing to rise
in his company, he rejects the proposition and
leaves them to Jail in their own. They adopt
him, but he don't adopt them he very decid
edly no n -adopts them.
Mr. Stephens says : " I have heard that one
object of the suspension of the habeas corpus,
was to put a muxzle on certain presses, and a
bit in the mouth of certain speakers in North
Carolina. 1 know nothing of the politics
of North Carolina ; nothing of the position of
her leading public men. If there be traitors
there, let them be constitutionally arrested,
tried and punished." Of whom has Mr. Stephens
heard that were to be mtjxzlkd ?
While in their amazing condescension they
are aooptixo the Vice President ; he does not
know them. He has only heard something of
muixles and bits on presses and speakers in
North Carolina ; and for his part, if there are
any traitors, he wants them punished.
" We can't get on we can't get on to the
Georgia platform" say the disconsolate mag
pies ; and their dismal, mournful lamentation
reaches through the long, long night.
We have it from reliable authority, says the
Macon Confederate, that, not long since,
General Polignac - made a descent upon the
Yankees who had settled on the rich lands in
the vicinity of Lake Providence, La.f and
were preparing to raise a fine crop, surround
ed the plantations, drove off .every horse,
mule, ox and cow, stripped the owners " out
of their boots' and left desolate Yankee plan
ters wringing their " pickers nd stealers "
over a blasted crop and a booty less communi
ty. Good for Polignac.
Mr. McCrea, a Yankee Missionary at Beau
fort, S. C., for converting the negroes, hat been
put in jail for selling them whiskey.
The Standard UcTh imus.
The Semi-weekly Standard, dated April 20,
is before us. it contains Vice President
Stephens' speech, a few articles of editorial
matter, and the proceedings of a Holden Con
- servative meeting held in Wake county on the
16th instant
From the first editorial, wc learn that " the
regular publication of the Standard will be re
sumed early in May."
The second editorial is a chapter on Secret
Circulars" in which it is denied that two issues
of the Standard, bearing the same date, but
very dissimilar, have been issued from that
office. It also denies fn toto the secret circular "
business charged against it. Well, we have
been so informed, as wc believed credibly. It
will remain for our informants to verify the
statement. We expect them to be able t dj
so.
But the Standard has found a sure-enough
"secret circular," and it publishes it too
heralds it forth to the world as a veritable
" mare's nest " it has found ! What is it ? A
" confidential' ' circular, issued by some gentle
men who proposed to other gentlemen that a
fund be raised, for the purpose of establishing
a newspaper at the seat of government of the
State, to combat and endeavor to overthrow the
mischievous and pernicious doctrines that this
same Standard was promulgating. This is
all nothing more nothing less. Ttycre is noth
ing in it clandestine nothing of which any of
the signers of the Circular are afraid or asham
ed. Qn the contrary, they, no doubt, are thank
ful to the Standard for its publication ; for by
this means many will read the Circular who.
would not have seen it in any other way. It
was issued for a noble, a bold, a patriotic pur
pose ; and most nobly has it succeeded in ac
complishing the designs contemplated.
The Standard then goes on to say that the
Confederate newspaper owes its existence to
this circular that it "is a joint stock concern,
and the Editors Col. iScRae and Mr. Gor
man are expected to serve the stockholders
or retire. They can express no opinion of
their own and then rely on the people to
sustain them, but they are the bond-servants
of a secret body of stockholders, and are
obliged to write and do as they are told." . .
The files of the Confederate since its pub
lication, we take it, the Standard itself being
jrdge, has been a pretty bold, independent,
out-spoken journal, and .has been as free from
dictation from a?y fiurtrr y tuk w
know of and its Editors, themselves the lar
gest stockholders in the concern, are men as
little liable to allow themselves to be "thr
bond-servants of any man or set of men, as the
Standard, and no one knows it better than
the Standard itself. This is all clap-trap and
demagoguism, in which the Standard is pro
verbially proficient. But enough of this for
the present.
The next thing is a card signed " W. W.
Holden,'' responding to " several invitations
to address the people as a candidate for Gov
ernor." "Under the circumstances," he
" most respectfully declines to canvass the
State." He told them so when he announced
himself a candidate. He is "not afraid to
meet Gov. Vance" or any one else ; but he is
" not vain enough to hope thai he could
change or control the opinions of the people
by a canvass," and he is " not disposed to add
to the excitement that prevails in the public
mind, by haranguing the people for their votes,
&c, Sec.
What a modest, quiet, unassuming man
Mr. W. VV. Holden has become, to-be-sure,
since he became the self-aunounced candidate
for Governor.
Then comes an editorial on Mr. Stephens'
speech, which the Standard jpronounces " the
greatest speech of the age;" but it does not say,
as the Progress did lor Mr. Holden, that
Mr. Stephens' views and his are " -identically
the same." The furthest it could venture was
to say, that "the views embodied in these
documents, are such as we have uniformly
maintained."
Then we have " the Conservative Plat
form" " composed of two planks first, the
rights of the people to govern. Second, the
perpetual, unremitting force of the civil law
over the military power."
Then follows the Election returns from the
camps on the election of Congressman from
the 7th district. And lastly, the proceedings
of a Conservative meeting in Wake county
in which, among a number of other things,
Gov. Vance is right roundly abnsed, and Mr.
Holden lavished with fulsome praise. Of
all which we may have more to say anon.
The Soldiers' Tote.
We are indebted to our friends in the army
for the following additional returns of the vote
in the camps, for Congressman in the seventh
district:
Foster,
Ramsey, Leach.
32d Regiment,
45th
14th "
15th and 48th regs,
40th Regiment,
27th
44th
2Cth
62d "
7 22 0
5 3 2
104 " 0 36
40 8 148
43 4 04
6 0 15
41 7 29
116 15 29
13 0 23
4 6 2
Fayetteville Arsenal,
The Anson Guards " gave Foster 52 Leach
nary one.
. ine Mussuon. jr0 Assistance.
Tfle spring campaign opens most utrpiet-" Mr. Holden is for, rigomua prosecution
ously for ur arms in every direction where j of the war, and he is also in favor of a vigor
movements have been made ; and the signs ? ous prosecution of st-ps looking t a neyotia
of activity in the enemy's lines, render it ti.m tfir an honor ible peace'ZafcA Pro
almost ccCtain that but a few days will elapse " 0, -Apijl 16M
before the" great conflict in Virginia will bet
. j
commenced. Our brve bay. are confident of L
victory m that great onset; and the New York ,
TI 1 J . .L . . ,
iitrnuu- iciw us mai n vjrani is Deaten mere-
this time, it will be the last great battle in
Virginia. That we will be successful, the
confident pulsation that thrills every patriotic
heart, in the army and at home; makes assur-
! ance doubly sure. Other important events
will soon Jranspire, that we have not a doubt
will thrill the loyal hnart with joy.
The recent grand achievements at Shreve
port and at Fort Pillow, Tve predict ate but
the precursors of still more glorious and exten
sive results to our -arms. Indeed, the Rich
mond Enquirer says the result at Fort Pillow I
is still more important and grati'ying than
the immediate achievement itself.- Fort Pil-:
low is situated on the east bank of the Mis- j
sissippi river, north of Memphis, Tenn., acout j
forty-five miles in a direct course, and some
seventy miles by water. The fort was built
by our forces during the first year of the war.
It has been much improved and strengthened
in the hands of the enemy, and was consid
ered quite formidable on the land s ; while
on the water front it commands the river
navigation effectually. So favorable for de
fence are the natural conditions of the local
ity, that some of cur military men have
regarded the place as impregnable in the pos
session of a Confederate garrison well pro
visioned.
Subjugating the South.
Wp give a brief synopsis, to day, of the de
bate in the northern House of Representatives,
on the resolution to expel Mr. Long because he
expressed the hope that the South would not
be subjugated. We call particular attention to
the bold and defiant remarks of Mr. Harris, of
I Maryland, whose sentiments, notwithstanding
the late fraudulent majority in favor of eman
cipation, we believe are in accord with a large
majority of the people of Maryland.
In the connection of subjugating the South,
we sec from a circular letter printed in London,
that a Sowiety har been organized in hat city
"for promoting the cessation of hostilities in
lar declarS "That the snljjngitioh or exier- ,
rniution of six mii.m ns or people, is an
alternative unparalleled in christian times."
We append below the Circular of this So
ciety in London :
Prospectus of the Society for Promoting the
Cassation of Hostilities in America. Of
fice 215 Regent Street.
1. Th:t the war now raging in America
demands the f.arnest attention of eVery friend
to civilization aud humanity.
2. That the subjugation or extermination
of six millions of people is an alternative un
paralleled hi Christian tTmcs.
3. That it is the duty of every Christian
throughout the world to use his influence
against the further prosecution of such a war.
4. That with a view of obtaining and con
centrating such influence, and of bringing it to
bear upon the belligerents through the medium
of friendly Po iters, it wril be the business of the
Society to draw up and circulate papers, petitions-
and correspondence relating to the war,
and take such other measures as may be ne
cessary to enlist general sympathy and co-operation
in the interests of peace.
5. That a subscription list be opened, and
efforts made to raise funds and to form co
operative associations throughout Great I'wtsiin
and Ireland and the.contineht of Europe.
THE LONDON EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE :
Rear Admiral T. Vernon Anson, Chdr
man. T. Ray, Esq., Vice Chairman.
Crewe Alston, Esq., Treasurer.
P. W Tremlett, M. A., LLD., F. R. G. S.,
J. R. Ferney hough, Honorary Secre
taries. Captain Redman, J. P.
G. H. Brooks, Esq.
T. D. Tremlett, Esq., M. A.
R. Shand, Esq.
Commander Bedkett, R. N., F. R. A. S.
In some remarks accompanying the above
resolutions, the Honorary Secretaries say :
It can hardly be necessary to point out the
evils which must result from a continuance
of this cou test, when the sinking of stone
fleets, the submerging ol districts 5,000
miles in extent, the wholesale plunder of
unarmed citizens of women as well as men,
the shooting of uou-belligerents in cold blood,
the burning of peaceful villages and de
fenceles towuss, are regarded as the legitimate
objects of the invasion.
A correspondent of the Richmond Sentinel,
R. II. Kurn, denies a statement made in the
papers a shoit time since, that the plowshare
had not spared the graves of our soldiers
burfed on the Seven Pines battle field. He
says. "The plowshare has uever touched the
remains of a single soldier, unless pure
ly accidental. So far from plowing up graves,
mine has been the only hands (except oue
solitary instance) that have grasped the shov
ev to. heap the earth upon the bleaching bones
of a single soldier.
The battle-Beld is so accessessable to any
person from the city, and the injustice of the
charge so palpable, that I would not reply to
it, lest its going into ur Southern sister States
uncorrected, might give credence to the To
port. Yonr obedient servant,
R. H. KtRN."
vftW ;r n ...
j ;o.ij5 mat me iv n tor nan
any assistance in editing that paragraph we
hould be indit ed to folie Ki . f... u ' ....
. van b
hf nnaailila 'Vat tV. l... . 1. i
r- , nmv uu ut- me wort oi one
pen. Ooly to behold ! Mr. ih.lden in his new
part " PRohECUTiwo stkps" " locking," Cc
Those "steps" had better " look " out for
themselves, when Mr. Holden piosecvtcs
thm.
If Mr. Holdpn is " for a vigorous prosecu
tion of the war, " there is a step which he
might prosecute that woul I verify his earn
estness the step of the soldier. There is no
reason on tje face of the rarth, now that he
has leisure to be a candidate, that he should
not take his plare and fight a liule lor his
property.
We re indebted to friend? at Kinston for a
considerable number of Northern asid Xcw-
bern papers, se:;t to 113 within the lat few-
days. We shah make use of such informa
tion as wo find of interest to our waders ; and
bespeak a continuance of these favors on the
part of our-friends below.
From jtuf North.
INTERESTING DEBATE IN THE TANKKK CONGRESS
OS THE MOTION TO EXPEL A WBMDKU.
An interesting debate occurred ia the House
of Representatives at Washington, last week,
to expel Mr. Harris, member from 'Maryland.
The head and front of his offending seemi to
have been in declaring that " he endorsed every
tco'd that the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Long)
hnd uttered, and would stand by th'em for weal
or woe." Continuiug, Mr. Harris said :
He was a peace man -a radical peace man.
Hr; was for recognizing tho Southern Con
federacy, and for acquiescing in the doctrine of
secession. War woald never bring on a Union
worth a cent. lie was for peace and Union
too. Laughter He was a better man than
any of them. Renewed laughter If we
cannot make pence let us loive two t-plendid
Governments two happy Governments. The
North bad been deceived hy sterc typed false
hood. When thi war commenced Secretary
Seward said it could be put down in sixty dajf.
Instead of seventy five thousand men eliding it
you have now called fr a million of soldier.
A hraver set of nen never existed on God's earth
than ezh's hi the South.
The President ba prov.-d himself unfit to
hr tru ted with th niniicv powi r. I In had
v ted agains men aod oi-m v to carry ou tho
W ,U ..,u,ut' tLtU ,.ur lu,,urv
should be sjcnt h.j a tyrant. .V'.'t a ii;4M ( 4
d !l.:r would he vote for thin infernal icur It
was the most stupendous Mly that evnr dis
graced any peop'c on the face of (f d'n earth.
If" this be tr as"n mike the imt of it.
The South ask you to Uae them :n pwe;
but no, you ay ynn will brit.g thrm io'o sub- .
jcctioii. That not done vet, and (roil A?
migh'g grant thnl it may nn-er be. I h p ?
you will never subjugate theSou:b.
Mr. Tracy, of Pennsylvania, r hc to ask a
question, but was loudly railed to order by
members on the opposite side. He desire 1 to
know whether, within those balls, the gentle
man could invrke Ahuighu liod tint the
American nrms shall not prevail ?
Mr. Washburnc -F r one, I protest against
any man uttering such language iu this hall.
Mr. Harris You meat) you are afraid of
it. (Cries of "order' from the Republic n
side.) .
Here Mr. Harris was cut short Mr.
Wnshbiune obj cting to his proeedimr, and
unanimous consent being required, by the
rules of the House, for him to continue with
his remarks. Mr. Washburno here offered "a
resolution expelling- Mr. Harris. Before a
vote was had Mr. Fernando Vod said "if
Mr. Harris is to be expelled for the utleranceof
these sentiments, you nmy include me for a
concurrence in them." The motion for ex
pulsion was rejected ayes 81, noes 50 thero
not being the required two-third vole. Mr.
Schenck then offered a resolution declaring
Mr. Harris " an unworthy member of this
House, and is hereby sevcraly ensured,"
which was adopted ayes 92, noes 18.
Note To correctly understand "tt stgni-
finance of the debate and the votes above, it
is well to have the exact words of Mr. Long,
out of which all this matter grew. Speaking
of the war, Mr. Long . employed this lan
guage :
"I now believe that there are but two al
ternativeseither an acknowledgment of the
South as an independent nation, or their com
plete subjugation and extermination as a
people. Of these alternatives, I prefer the
former."
For this, a resolution for expelling Mr.
Long was offered, but failed, then a resolution
of censure, which is still pending. For endor
sing this language a resolution to expel Mr.
Harris was. urged, but failed by a vote of
eighty-one against fifty-eighty but the' cen
sure of the House was visited upon him by
a vote of ninety-two agaluaa eighteen. Mr.
Harris may be well poud of this mark of cen
sure with which the Yankee Congress has de
corated his brow. -
Navt Missing Bubcau, C. S. N. "I
Warrenton, N. C,, 18th April, 1864. '
HIXER8 WASTED.
THOSE persons skilled inths business, can find
profitable employment by applying; to CpU
A. B. Fairfax, C. S. by fetter at Warrenton,
or to W. W. PEIKCE,
ap 20-12-2t Msj. Ch'f Q. M., Raleigh, N. C
Fayetteville Observer, Charlotte Democrat,
and Wilmington Journal, copy two weeks in
weekly and send bills to this office.
Lost Certificate or Stock. The under
signed has lost the following Certificate, No.
1424 for $500, issued to T. N. Cooper, Raleigh,
dated July 29th 1863, and assigned over to Sam!
Martin. Every person is forbidden to purchase
the same, s application will be made for its renew
al. r SAM'L MARTIN.
4 Cw Salem, N. C
I
eniMn, both in thf amy and at home, 1 m
candidate to represent vot ia t be Hoqkc of Com
moMof theneit Ltjrlslatttre ofXortb Carnflaa.
t ftJlTJPr,BlPfl d views, at a" Southern man
after the ttraiteet locf, are well known to" nr
personal friends. "The principle! and views nr
what they hire ber. Thev will not be changed. '
Frlor to th I'mclamaiinm of VI - t : . I i
I ic.t ... - - - ...... ... 1 . Kiiinin in
, IfcSr, calling for rev-ntr-tir thousand nn. I
was a Uaion man ; but fecfpjr that the Northern
States of the Govcrnmrat tftaght our drgrsdatinn
and rain, I tore from mv bomtn the Ut spatk of
n flection which I rherinheri for thf. I'nion, and
took ray tamt with the sens of .Vurtb Carolina,
snd the South, in bchairof KiiM, f Truth, and
Freedom.
In Way 1861, I volunteered as a rHte, tj
remained in the army until my health failed, wht n
I was dfrcha.ptd. Hclicvirg f b at the urcM nr.l
fpcediejt way to obtain peace i W a vigt.ror
prcecution cf the war, I ia in iar of exerting
our whole strength, ns a rortv until mA i.
obtained. olonrnsthe cm my c n.trurii ar.y
pr-poti ion coming fr. m us for met as an ad",
nmrinn of wekr.eM on our part, it would be uuid
ncs in us to suhiuit tbem. We tniut. fieht on,
and f ray on. truMinjr that Hod will, in Hi own
I good time, give u aa honourable nd lartirpeaeo.
j If wc will continue to cooperate with, nnd mn
jtaintur Prf?ident a man ''worthy of Ilcme in
j Rnmf'ii bi ft daye." I honestly believe that tl. '
j duv of our deliverance in near nt hand.
, I fhall gire to (Jor. Vance a hearty and cheer
j ful support. I know tbe roan, and I kr.ow hiw to
1 be a chiralrou., jrcneroos man, and a pure pntrivt.
A to the manner in which he hac guided the. benn
j t.f State niuid the perils which environ her. it in
u.Min-rrjnrj ior me 10 tpca a. v e unto hii en
and felt the good tfltct growing out of his wife
and judicious administration.
II vu elect me, fallow citixens, I shall eiert
whann-er of influence I may pones to mitigate
the Flittering of our gallant toldicr. by mppor
tin and cheering thnn in the field, and taking
I v .uvii iniiiiiivo mil uviiiv. x tniui irgii;iie
j for no party, but for the whole people of North
1 Carolina, end their posterity.
JOHN W. I(Ji:. M. D.
ap. 15-G dfttVt If.
:riio the Vfltcrs or Xasli I'ountj'. Fellow
JL CITIZENS AND SOMilEHS I tk thi,
method of announcing myself a cm did.ie f-r tbe
office of Sheriff of Nnsh County. You ,re 11 awara
that I am deprived of the privilege ofappeaiiig
before ou in the un:;vl way, to dvrlare mjelf 11
nmdidato; I hope, therefor, to be eicuscd f r
doing so in this way. I feel. Fellow citirens. mihI
Soldiers, in doing thi, t) at I nm reprtdipg to
the call of many voter of my ccunty. This m
my firrt atUmpt to he jdaccd in "public office, and
can only prombe. if elected, to" servo tie people
justly and impartially. I have ever felt that I
was ready nnd willing to serve the people of my
county in nr.y capacity in which they might place"
n e, to the htft of my anility. It is not my Artt,
I t..-ovcr-e.?itntc my claims, lut to pckr a f w
: plain ar.d simple ftn-tr. I intend the army enrly
in. the spring of ISfil, nnd hare helonged to it ever
since ; during which time I havehcen tw iien vrre
lv wounded, from which 1 fear 1 l.:ill ntvir en--ti'ely
recover.
It is for the reasons given nnd thoiuh the enrn
cst solicitation of my friends, that 1 hi.re con.
.rifed to be a candidate. I Jiope nol withftandit
I am fur from your inidt, that mv claims Avill l.i
duly considered, and that I may have the plusuta
ot heemg my name handed in to the lMlot Iix
more time than any other, next Augitft, (.houl l
I be one of the fortunate onea who a-p the
Yankee b:Us during the coming Campaign, lam,
let Lh-ut. Co. A. 47th N. V. Kf't.
Near Or.in?.- (J. II. Va., April 13th IbC4.
; ap. ID -71 llt twl-wl.
I Spirit tt tlu Aire ar-d Progress j.lfasc ojy l r
times, arid si rd t)il!s to thi office.
' f:0 KKWAlIlV.
I Qtnn the Horse Thief. Sluh n n Hit
jO 14th lost., fiin the undi'iign d. fron tin?
jatable of KEWJSCN l'KHHY, w hiie 011 his n gulr
j round to his etanris, an iron-gray STALLION,
1 -tout l.uilt, legs nearly hlack) po 3 huilt, full man
J and tail. I will give the abor reward fr tl.e
recovery of the borsu or tue detection of the f 1 1 f.
Y. N i 110 It. N TON. '
April 17tb, lSf.4. np-20-12 wUti
Notlee. Taken up and enmniltled lo
tbe Jail of Cainwh.i, n dai k .M (lt( man
about filtv vcara of ag. Ssid ncrn pn s his nniue
is PLEASANT, and that he is the piopeit? of
Uur-h Carlrle and Ceo. Ilendet .son of (icofgia.
A. J IIELTEN. Jailor.
Newton N. C. April 13th I8C4. ap. 2 l'i-wf.m.
Jailor's NotUe.--'Taken up and (onimlt
ted to tho Jail of Chatham county, N. ('., 4
NKtilO ilAN, who saya his name is WarLing'on ;
that he Lelorgs to Mrs. Emily Williams of New
Hanovercounty, N. C. 11c ioubout 5 feat H) inches
hih and dark complected. The owner is hereby
no ifled to come forward, prore property, and pay
charges, or he will be dealt with according to law.
W. HANKS, Jailoh.
April 11,1ml ap20-12-3w
Office of Chief Quartermaster, lUIetch,
February 17th lM4. Prnpoal8 - will be re
ceived at this oihcc until the 2Ktb inst., for tbe
manufacture of Oil from the Tithe Pea Nuts.
Proposals must state tbe price f cr gallon lor the
oil produced; ai the Government will require
the total produce of oil as well as oilcke.
W. W. PKIUCE
20 d3tAw3t iiaj. and CJicf g. M.
jWiIraington Journal, Fayetteville Obser
ver, Kak-igji Standard and Petersbui g KegUu-r,
copy 3 time and send bill to Msj. Peirce.
Lead Mine Interest for Sale.
T AM DISPOSED TO SELL MY INTEREST
I in the WYTHE UNION LEAD MINE COM
PANY, notwithstanding the property ia thought
to pay a heavy per centum to the stockholders.
I iuvlte gentlemen of capital to examine the pnj .
erty. Mr. Win. Kohler, the agent, will give all
the necessary information, or they can call and
see me at Hickory Urove or Poplar Camp, in
Wythe county, Vs.
toh 26-52 dU-w4t A. N. CIIA F FIN.
$50 REWARD.
R ANA WAY FROM THE Sl'nSCRIDER oy
the 14th of February, a NKUItQ WOMAN.
Said woman is about 30 years of age, complexion
black, height 5 feet four inches, aud has lost bar
right breast by a cancer. Suppee she is try.
ing to pass herself off as a free woman in tbs
neighborhood of Knp of Reeds, or Tally Ho,
Granville county, N. C. The above reward will L
paid for her delivery to ma orconfineiaent in jail
so that I cn get her. SARAH K. ROSS,
ap 1 57-w4t Durhama Station, N. C.
HIDES, IUDKS,
HAVING OBTAINED THE SERVICES OF
Mr. Woodward, ons of the best Tanners in
the Confederate States, I am now ready and re
ceiving HIDES to Tan on Shares. I tan fur
one-half, and sell my share to owners, (except
speculators,) at one dellsr per pound,. or fur one
third and tell as I choose. Tanning done for in.
digent soldiers' families free of charge. I will
re-tan and finish leather for the government or in
dividuals on reasonable terms, persons requiting
information are ie for red to the editors of t.o
Comftderat. J. R0BT. JEFFREYS.
ap 1 57-dlwAw4w -
9
GROSS OF STAFF BUTTONS, FOR FORTY
dollars a dozen, at
ap21-73-lt RICHARDSON'S.