From the Richmoiid Esaniincr, June 13.
Grant Soni!i or tfcc Pamiiiikey.
After the battles cf the Wilderness and
Spotsylvania Court licu, which occurred a
theca'ily half of-the nvmh "f May. all of this
numerous uewspaper ccrrespo.idcr.is who fol
lotJ our army gave us detailed, and somo
few of hm tolerably cloar, descriptions of
iled'ilcicT:. battle fit-'ds. Ve-sidca very glow-V-g
acc n-.t-j of tk i'.grding. They dwelt
!:.rr and lntfsreAi-.i;!y upon the character of
the c untry sn!vu as the Wilderness;" told
to how ihic!- rua tanked grew the wortle
o:rr lr$::4 ai.d othfr undergrowth,- and
luv.", In -.oi-.s queiw. it was irapjfsibb to use
artiHe.v with effect; how the turnpike, the
p'n.,fc and Cdharpin roads ran, :md how they
ere ud hy the hostile armies. AH this
was excellent. .It enabled 1 ha diatar.t readers
to understand sornethiug of how matters were
l :.... r-i i t- r ir Inn . nf thftlfit-
t.r ru,it;..;i:ib:v. r.en iue j
t'V.. i'it;r
v ritro j
bo jtsY"!
'.ill g-.ve sra": of the lorxj
. . . . i , . - i &
-...-.v.-nl feitrv o! L:e Wi':? urnoox pui
iV.pV'.Vilcritittcns were Nobler and ie.s minute,
,:.'nr trin want of attention, c-r, widch la
.:'..!, vmt t.t information, wneo
V 1
U'
r f war asi.r.n .ro
lied lurther i-uih,
i Grn:t rut M rc-al ?.my oa tho south
' i-u-k thy Noiih Anr.a river, within twenty-
gereral dance. This continued throughput
Thursday morning, when be was particularly
'.b?eatepiug ..q our left. This was believed
t W us to 1 e a feint, and correctly, as me event
showed, lor when at lour ociuciv
General Erlv, who was on our :eir, prew.!
f jrward. h found the enemy weaK in n.s m.u-
and not disi-osed todisputs the groumi owi
natelv. Grant had already niasseu n.
lest columns on our right, and wasmar.iiu-j,
to seize he Cold Harbour road. - Wednesday
evening he had driven our cavalry and skir
mishers from old Harbour back towards new
Cold Harbour. Proceeding from Richmond,
the Cold Harbour road after passing Gain-s
mMl on Powhute creek, ascends a long, bign
hill. Near the br-.w of this hill stands ne
CoU Harbour, aud from this point to old
Cold Harbour is a very gently sloping pUm.
The ridge of this hill or high laud runs from
Daw Cold Uarbour, in a south easterly direc
tion, and ends abruptly three hur.dred yards
from the Cbicfcihcrmny, at McC'.ellan bridge,
a structure which crosses the river tea miles
from lichmond. VVaancsuny uiSu-
TimrmJaV morning we threw op eart-jworts
along tha ridge on new CM Harbour, and
made dispositions to meet the charges maue
by Grant in his position. Thursday evemng
ht was on ana 10 uv wj. ji
the enemy at once out of the angle and oyer t
the works, re-taking thecap'.ureu guns. xuC
Tm-utv-s-cuod Virginia regiment, on Color.el
Eigar rihr, although their lelt was uncover
ed stod their ground ai.d jwurdd into Uc
' j... .... Um r-trpatm
enernv a murucu" -"-j- "
betore the determinea auacic oi iiU........ -the
Mary land-line and fi red upon from both
flanks, retired in great aisormr, u.uui
infol than he had advancea, leaving .ro
dumber of killel, wounded and some prisoners
in our hands. The enemy's attacK was m.my
trl. the rest of the division
. r vmrmv encased. Hau ine
,.v. mnh fnrmed the angle been tuiry
manned the enemy would not have gained even
a temporary advantage. -
. . A nnrl liw nvnrv moVfi-
f.VM ffilW-S OI ! UIUU'J"-', "'"";' r---J .
. r .., ,1 . rprv miLi alia diicti ana ire m
': .-01:.,):.TS' fc?t iTCCAUr.'
t- f::t to our wh
t. u'-'ti L.?e tola us t:io m:h- i-"r,
. . . 4 nnAr.t i
meters of kwtn&i
wli.-.lc people, - too tupogranoy
war .rrpoi,:!e-its tive out utterly.
KO there
. i I &
ii.j doubt a' ot th:i; but luey awnui
:a by h-i'.r na!ty or nac lines
, f ;.-.!, ...T howhedisp-.e-i his forces; wuen.r
,,4 (ir A-c-t of the Fredericksburg railroad.
' 'he r.?xt thing gave u about him wsw that
!. had re-cned tha South Anna. From
th-it time to this, though tho movements of
have bi-eti iraughi wiin lnrercbt
'iini-n nr..iTi whfif'l
t he enemy
'.linfuliv deep, thesw gentlemen, upon whom
v.-t: arehipp'l-ec-.nohe iu a n.eai-ure dependent
i--i-.il! . -ir infwrniMion. reUtivt? to military
nij'fiy
rr
,...rth:,.4 lsfiv. iiruorM toraphy and geog-
.... . :.... .
f."cther. i ois 13. o iu uo
1
VllUO- .. . . ,
t'vri at this hit ony, wnt-u we coumu
fi. it ir i:it -.r,s not mov.d a d.'.n inil away
fr .m the j-oint wh.-ie he crossed the Pamun
k,y. and ih itlt is pcssihle he may not have
rrlo-ftlur abandoned the ubj-vt with which,
lcr-ftrd thai liver, s6m - account ol his
r.ioe:nents during tho past two weeks, the
r iite by which he moved -nd ihs g.-ound he
i-r.?up:ri will Jot b entirely devoid of intet
itnd t;..iv bo of wo to the icider in cu
uMi j;: him toc-omprehi-iid events which have
1 . d :i:d events which may yet occur at
w v mosr.ent. Of courfe our account must be
i'i-i and general; were we to attempt to be
...lotno-rid preci.-L-, any one day's operations
wiuihi exewd the space we can now cum
iiiand. On Thi:rdiy night. Miv 4iVh, G.ant re
; tht- S -uth mia river, and th road
tiflteted by hi- cavalry, moved ry a
n urch down tho Mirth tnnk to rtano-
t- v. n u rrv, tatt, tweiiiy-hve miles by the
...
; 1 iv
1 : a U
. 11 . 1. n n -t .
II J.! CO iUlt'JW, IIU11J liiu jvi-i-
the
North
1
had iust abaiutoncd. i-n
,;;pi. I lUMvertown ferry is northeast ot
ilichv.no 1 twelve miles, by the moat direct
r. tviiu ii crosses tut:
M- .i I- v.- bridge, ne
1 . ...... Vw.. ...l 1
II n . rr ovn ror.d.
f.-r:v 5 !.!.. yuiith four miles to Old Lnarch aad
il..iv.in a fi.'i;thwetcrlj direction by eld
C !d litrh 'tir to new Cold Harbour, Gaines'
:r the Cotitnd railroad, and
se Chickahominy as tho
Another ncui to this
1,! NV.v bridge t K:chnnT.d, entering
tov ciivovt-r Union Hill From the city t
Nt 'V hrid-:e this is known as the New bridge
..r Nil.; io'de road; Ivyond the New bridge, as
th- t- I Harl-mr or O'd Church r. ad. Hau
.ver'.v:i ferry i three or f.-ur miles further
tr-to ll chioond by this than th r- ad previ-
i.T.ti,i,(,ih flawes stioi)
Har.over CVurt ib usis minuted
nf ferrv some eiht or ten
it t urea
1 " r C ..1-. .Vn rt mill t
lli.:l.i!i;.nd.
n:jrtbvr?st
ftih-s. Another ruad from Kieumond to
lhvwove.to-.vn ferry is the Mcohanicsvill?,
which U-ave. the city by Howard's grove,
crofts, the C' ickahominy h couple of luiloa
1 v.-t cf Mtadow htidge, and passing Dr.
Lumpkin's residence, a point six miles from
tl.e titv, known as Mechauicsvillv; fslls into
tli" llin-wtrtown roul 6ix milt further 011
ar.d a n:i!? north if Totopotomoy creek.
Atlt-j's nation, on the Central nnlroad.is nine
n:.ls mirth of Richmond and 'trme'mills
iioitlivt of Mechanics ii'e From Atlee's
to C,.!d Harbour on the O'd Church road,
r. the ert-'v flies, the dist ;ko is about nine
tn-I; hv county roads it is se . mile fur
th t 'lot' 'uotoniv creek ri.-e ner Atlee's
aud running soutneast. .10 00 vireeu
houe. turns iher.ee uotilnast and
to the PamunKev two milta oelow
....... i 1 I ? i
Ilanovortowii. i)iti toM tiarnour is cen umes
ft, .m Richmond; ut.-w Cold lUrbour. on tha
cnv.o tnrtfl. 1.4 from a mile and a half to two
;i
JUl llAi- . . " . . . 1 i.
Uarbuur, and heavy skirmishing was. epi up
cn tnis part of the lints,
At daylight on Friday mornincr, June o,
Grant made his first real offer of battle ano
cros&ing thePamunkey, by heavy and repeat
ed assaults upon ur right wmg, m each of
which he was repulsed. So intent indfed did
he appear to break our line at this point as to
induc-3 the belief that the seizing of this ridge
and th-n the roado to Richmond .that it com
mands had been the end and .!ct. ho had
had in view from the time -e left his potion
south of the North Anna river. Having failed
in ail his altera pts here, during the morning
dts on our centre and
left as far west as the south bank of the To
topomy, and that night renewed his assaults
ou our right, hoping that darkness would
give him some advantage. He was again
repulsed as during the day, and on Situro&y
night made other assaults with the same re-
i cnlt Up fliH not ret the position, and thro
t is no impropriety in our saying it is well for
I us hj did not. Its imp ortauoe cannot o7ej-
v;iimrrod.
On Sunday, Juue 4th, Grant withdrew
from onr lei t and centre, and threatened Mc
Clfclbn's bridge by turning our right flank.-
Our left pushed his right as it withdrew and
picked up some prisoners. Oar right stretch
ed down the crest of the hills leading to the
Chiekahomiuy at McGeilan's bridge, so as
to cover tha latter point. ,
After some stupid pievavicatioa, Grant on
Monday asked and obtained a truce, and
buried his L-ad and carried off the thou
sands of his wounded, many of whom for
three days and nights had been howling
and writhing in front of our earthworks.
r- 1 U- V..,t loi3 ii'ill rwf amount
j VJ'il 1USS 111 lllCT-U uaui'.J
to stven hundred in killed, wounded a;:d
-missing. The enemy's ws may probably
never be ascertained positively, uranc puss
it at s-ven thousand five bandied. Cy offi
cers of our ar:ny-.whoftiposithuii gavu them
opportuiuties of knowing the truth, it is
estimated at Alteon thousand. General Lee
has not, we believe,, expressed any opinion
on the subject, though ho has been frequently
asked Oa Sunday, June 5th, being on a
visit at ihe tent of a. mar-general who had
been hurt during th previous night, theofri
cer asked him twieo what he thought was tho
lo.-.5of the eiwmy. Eich tirna he replied,
"Geneial, we punished them vciy severely."
Grant's present position it is not easy to de
fine, lie occupies all the count.y east of the
Totopotomy and between thatstieam and the
White Hyuse. on the Pamuukev, and north
and east of the Chickahominy, except where
our ;r:nv confronts him on a live runnin- from
new Cold Harbour to McC!e.:an':i bri ige.
Simultaneous with diis rnovem .'nt on Cold
Jlarbour he abandoned his bass at Hanover
town and established a new one 'at Newcastle
ieirv. on the same stream, six or eight nines
lowr down. By this time he is i:0 doubt
using the York river railroad and draws his
supplies from the White House.
Oa the liu which is now " tho front, " be
tween Cold Harbour and McCUi an's bridge,
The Federal Spy System In Europe.
The London Index, of the 5tb inst., hs-s an
editorial on the boldnes and persistence
.v,7n hxr the snies of the United States in
Eneland and France. Among other things it
C t
savs':
Some of the doings of these gentry would
K amcip. if thev were not so mtoieraoiy
aunoying to decent people. A short time
ctro in Liverpool, the reaidense of a lady
U11IVV - Jf .
v,i,aeH hjisbind (then absent) is connectet
w?fl r.nn fwUrate afiairs. was beset by spies
un watftbpd it niffht and day, and sought in-
ress under various pretences, unm cne uu-
ance at lasi uqcaum eu r
hadto be applied to. In or near Glasgow,
an outrage even more flagrant was perpetrated.
A Federal official, bearing a commission from
the President of the United States, obtained,
under pretext of -seeking lodgings, access to
the chambers of a gentlemhn supposed to be
implicated in the building of eome suspected
vessel in the Clyde, and upon the data ac
quired in this ingenious recconnoissance, a
search-warrant was actually issued after waros,
though, of course, without producing the ex
pected revelations. There is scarcely an ot
ficer or prominent citizen of the Confederate
States, resident in England, who is not more
or less beset and pestered by this ubiquitous
r.i timtPnnsbAned csoionass.
Servant maids ate bribed'to purloin letters;
landladies are frightened by a. mock assurap-
onty ; wives, in toe
Georgia and Alabama,
The following extracts from papers in these
two States, are but a reflex of the , sentiments
of the Press generally, after reading President
Davis' reply to Gov. Vance, concerning Peace
rce-otiations. ine nrsi extri 10 -
paper that has persisted hi urging that prop-
ositious ior peaep bh""'" -j
made by our Government to the Lincoln des
potism; but alter reading the Presidents
letter, it says:
The correspondence, which we publish this
morning, between the President and Gov.
Vance, should put a quietus to the clamor, of
the discord organs. Many good people hava
1 i,i lwiLrp that th Government had
LvCii I t-v ... - . ...
riat auth
absence of tueir husbauds, are imposed upon
..,;,u fl(..;a When successful, which they
11.11 4..4.-. - .
piaom are. these practices are avowru
Federal agents, or at least the iruiuareuu
blushingly used to swell the 'mass of evidence
ocm.ffri thrnno . Mr. Auams W ujei wi-
.Arrn offlfo Tjiat we are not exaggeraung
the extent of the organization to which this
c t 3 1 ;nnfo Viae Ki pn earned.
system 01 reaeai KP t - 1
will be evident to evey ordinary reader ot the.
newspapers. It is a notorious tact, repeated
ly complained of through the press.that every
considerable shipyard in Great Britain is
watched by spied. The circumstances of the
seizure of the Peterhoff will also be recollected,
and how it was partially excused on the
around that she was marked ou a list ot sus
pected vessels with suspected owners tarnish
ed bv a Federal Consul to his Government.
thr,n time since it was made a ooasuu a
faiLd to make any effort towards stopping
the further effusion of blocd.
The sup porters cf the Administration have
been called, Vdestructives" in North Carolina,
and repres ented as opposed to peace by the
discords of Alabama. The statement made
by President Davis will go far in counteract
in the baueful influence of journals opposed
to:he Government. The policy suggested
by the President to be adopted towards tbess
mischievous tories is proper. We eommend
the letter to those of our own people who
have been misled by hypocritical appeals in
behalf of popular liberty, and prejudced
against the Administration by the false teach-
of the discord-press. Selma (Ata.) uis-
paU-h.
And the Macon Georgia, Conjederatc r.a
the following:
We must do the advocates of offering peace
to the enemy after every important victory
achieved by our forces, the justice to state that
they admit alter reading tne ieuer 01 axr.
Davis to Gov. Vaune. that they were not
aware that such propositions had been otterea
by our aovernment three times and that every
oiler was not receivca wuu vvuimuu wuhj.
Indeed these offers were treated with con
tempt, and no answer at all returned.
No gentleman or lady will in the common
affairs of life ad dress another person the second
time when good reason exists for believing
that the first letter was received and no an -Pr
rotnmpd. The conclusion is that a cor-
For the Confederate.
The Jews were brought into slavery. Thdr
necks wsrc under the itiov-ous and intoieraoie
yoke of persecution which was fordtold should
be laid upon mem. ucare.mj "V.
beasts in the yoke, that wholly serve their own
, a r ht the command of their drivers.
That which aggravated the servitude, was
that their labors were incessant, daily W HiIl., Poetns,
THE SOUTH VICTORIOUS !
new books': NEW BOOKS 1 1
(Our Own Publicatiwaa.)
x-...a vu ;;.nr rnrt ma rest ; ucunci.
leave nor leisure to rest. The oxen in the
yoke are unyoked at night and have rest ; hut
the poor captives in Babylon, who were com
pelled to work for their living, labored and had
no rest ; they were quite tired and with c n
tinn! tnil. Their masters were insutfVrable.
Servants ruled over them, aud nothing is more
Myrtle Leaves, just from the pre
tSongs ol ijove anu uiui v
Primarr (ieorapny
York's Enelish Grammar,
Composition,
second edition,
2
2
2
1
Diie Primer, pictorial third edition,
First Dixie Header, . .
The Dixie Spelling Bookia press,
Johnson's School Aritnmeuc in prcsa,
The Jack Morjjan Sonzstor in press
Elementary Spelling lloox in press.
JST Une tnird on 10 me imuc
03
75
00
00
00
:o
2b
50
76
The following Books are published at various
NOVELS.
. 4. 1 1. -..;,Tnt! hi
vexatious than a servant w, eu " co3 in the Confederacy :
mpnnpst servants abused and insulted tircm at t , vavn.
rleiure. The curse of Canaau became the
f-T.wloh? a servant of servants snau
deliver them out their
hand none tochecfc or resiraiu wiusiW
,s tht sprvants that abused them.
nA waat dr those hlthv dreamers 01 peac3
ill be the lot. the fate of the ioutn-
Ladr Audlev's Secret,
Ilicken s L.ast 4ovci.
Robert and Harold,
Kleanor'a Victory,
Lea Miaerablcs Fantine,
planus,
St. Dennis,
" Jean vaneaH,
ern Confederacy, should the hordes of Lincoln
The Bohemian,
ubhwate us ? Should we tare netter
J " ... . ... .. o
.Tatc Hiii m thPir CaillVCllV I
tilt- v.. " " 1 - W -
Alas 1 that there are so many downtieaneu,
rnvPtons. fifthv. and abominable, who do every
4i,;.T t irr. f,nt nf tho armv wnose miuui-
L iii Li IW " v -
: oif,ri t..- TTtavpn Tor vengeance. II
iies.utjr w -
they alone were to sutler, it wouiu vv ui
smallconscouence. But alas ! tc innocent
suffer with the guilty, and whue thousands
nrp strncralin2 to acco'm plish our independence.
ilrp n hundreds at home wiio are uhpih
11 nou nolhins but the accumulation of wealth,
a,,,? thP aratifieation of their brtitisii passions.
O Lnrrl infitiiro our counsels with wisdom,
nnanimtiv and zeal': our people with patrio
tism, magnanimity, fortitude and undoing
Fsravprv. so that' we mav triumph over our
enemies, and accomplish, through thy great Gilban,g Manual,
. j 1 T ,a frl l,..!r in . t i 4: .
Raids and Romance of Morgan and Men,
Field and Fireside Sovelette,
The Confederate A Romantic Essay,
Silas Marner,
The Battle of the Bards
SCHOOL BOOKS.
Hunten's Piano Forte Instructor,
Lander's Arithmetic,
Bingham's Latin Grammar,
Primarv Geography,
York's "English Grammar, '
First Book in Composition,
Dixie Primer, l'lctoMal, third edition,
First Dixie Reader,
Wesley an Catechism So. 1,
Wesleyan Catechim, So. 2t
Capers' uatecnism,
SeVmon Catechism,
Biblical Catechism, by Lansdoll.
MILITARY WORKS.
5 00
2 00
3 00
3 50
3 00
3 00
3 0)
3 00
1 25
G 50
2 00
2 00
5 00
3 00
Northern newspaper that an ofheer of a block
ade runner, the Cumberland, haa been bribed
i. u v.wiorfll Cir.sul at Havana, or his em
ployee, to bring the spip to a designated spot,
where the De Soto Uy five days in wait for
her
But these things are puerile compared to
-w. rpmsiinn to he told. During last autumn
i . . - 1
or winter the coofidontnl clerk ot tne emiucnt
French naval contractor, iL- Vruz,of Nantes
disappeared, a-td with him very important
and valuabl papers relating to the business
transactions ot the boos-.-, as me uuu -joyed
a highly respectable position and an
mplc salary, it was clear tln.t no ordinary or
small temptation could havn induced him to
forfeit his prospects and his country, and to
risk the galleys. Not long atterwaids Mr.
Dayton, tim Federal Minister ai Pans, in a
whirh has been recently pub-
liehP!snbrnitted to the French Mimer ot
a 1 ' I . ..,,MHro,l Tit lit' I'.fllllt'ai 1
foreign All urs wnai 1 i VwJii the ncsessitv of shedding the
Wf papers implicating iL Voruz. and also his , s "
correspondent, M. Armand, ot "eaux, oy - and honor h
the evidence of their own signatures, iu ex- ,'v acon(Ga Confederate.
tensivo transactions for building vessels of war ed. Macon a,)
1
respodence is not wanted. Jt wouia ne
compromising self-respect and honor, (some
thin" that no exigency in human affairs ever
justifies) to still further innst upon a com
munication. Our government is in this predicament now.
Three times has it held out the olive branch
of neaee to the United States. It may now
exclaim with Rhoderick Dhu:
Thrice have I sought Clan-Alpine's glen in Peace.
But when I come again,
I come with banner, brand and bow,
As leader seeks his mortal foe.
The only thing left for us to da now is to
dictate peace from the mouths of our can
non Instead of propositions coming from
our government furthering the end for which
we aTl devoutly pray, and for which we are
fighting and shedding our blood so freely,
-they would have a tendency to defeat that
end and postpone the advAt of the blessed
tho. neonle of the North would construe
them into unmistakable signs of weakness
and a disposition to gie up the contest.
It i indeed unfortunate that any such mes
sage ever was sent to Washington touching
thFs matter. Had none ever ben sent we
could now, after three years of bloody war,
consistently appoint and send forward Com-
missionnrs 01 ptauu wim - r-
that thev would be received in a friendly
spirit and negotiations commenced. We,
however, owed it to that word which "has
ever treated 114 as a nation so coldly, to make
formal efforts to -settle our difficulties befuM
a-'iealins to the sword. With these 'effo-fs
disdainfully rejected, tha responsibility of the
consequences which have followed are not
upon us.
Ever appealing to heaven- for the justice or
our cause, weeping for the slain and deprociat-
Diooa 01
the path
avc indicat-
mAnaBu nnr inripTWUfienCe. LjOTU. ioo in
mprcv on our armv. aud cause them to tri
umph, and drive our enemies in dismay, con
sternation, and confusion to their own abodes
nf fnMtioi'sm and abolitionism and may ihey
t.i prish in their own corruption, unless
thev renent. Be mcrcilal to w, O Lord, and
Tvjrrlnn nur traiiscressions. Grant unto us
repentance towards Thee, aud unfeigned faith
in the Lord Jesus Chritt. Amen.
For the Confederate.
Cold Harbor, 28th N. C, Reot.,
June DJ864.
Editors Confederate: 'That our friends at home
may know of our whereabouts, I write you a
short communication. We are here in line of
battle aud have been for eight days. The
enemy has been very quiet for the last few days.
Thev attacked our lines in massed columns on
the 3rd inst., but were driven back with great
slaughter. Since that time they have made a
few weak attacks, but the moat of the fighting
has ben confined to Bkirmiahinj and artillery.
T. is thought now that Grant will move again;
that he can't get his men to fight us. Grant got
permission to bury his dead the other day, and a
big job he had of it, for they were thick in many
r,tftfiPR. The eneumv s said to have lost over
Aimy Regulations,
Evolutions of the Line,
Wheeler's Cavalry,
Napoleon's Maxims of War,
Bfyonet Exercise and Skirmish Drill,
The Volunteer's Hand-book,
School of the Guides,
General Orders,
Warren's Surgery, by Dr. Warren,
Volunteer's FielJ and Camp Book,
MISCELLANEOUS BOOKS.
The War and its IIeroe3, Illustrated,"
Myrtle Leaves,
Hill's Poems,
Southern Model Leter Writer,
Morveri and Linda,
Rival Administrati ms,
Scriptural Views of National Trials,
Romantic-passages in S. W. History,
The Camp Jester,
Diary of the War,
The Seige of Vifiksburg,
The Sunday School Bell,
The Sabbath School Wreath,
Plowiug aud Ditching,
Fun for the Camp,
Campaign from Texas to Maryland,
Nceley's Discourses,
Dr. Deems Sermons,
The Age A New Monthly,
Southern Literary Messenger,
00
00
00
00
00
00
50
75
.:
75
50
50
75
10 00
6 00
5 00
7 00
1 2f
1 25
1 25
1 25
6 00
6 00
1 25
3 50
2 00
1 50
1 00
25
1 60
3 00
3 50
1 00
3 00
2 50
50
70
lJ r. ... . I T.rv .if H.j (V-,ffl.:-i.nti. St .to
0 V? DrD"mrp?rtrktg' EUfiraViDe
had been here to see, you would not doubt it J':-c V '
The enemy never has been soevereiy punisnea r;' VY
as in this campaign ; their dead lay from here
to the Wilderness battle ground, thousands of
them, rotting on the battle fields unburied.
Grant certainly 'is one of the most unfeeling
Generals in the world.
The 2Sihltegt, N. C. has done her part well
in the great destruction of our common hateful
enemy officers and men never acted better.
Not an olfioer has been trom nis posr, nor anjr
the ien taken up for that bad practice, strag
lintr. The Reciment has been twice compli-
0 . . . n 1 r : I
mented on the battlefield hy.our uenerai ior STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA,
been led and comruauu-
1
1
3
3
O
o
5
3
1
1
1
Songs of Love and Liberty, 4
General Jackson's Portrait,
Bonnie Blue Flag Song Book,
Cotton Field Metodies,
Rebel Songster,
Confederate Flag Songster,
Stonewall Song Bsok,
N. B. Those ordering books by mail should
send an extra ten cents on the dollar, for pos
tage. BRANSON & FARRAR,
May 4-tf Rileigh, N. C.
20
60
00
60
60
50
50
00
50
50
00
75
50
50
60
1 00
1 00
1 00
irit tii' it
pinpt'.s li'
- .. ..... ...... I .1 lltUC f.ll I li'T
miles nearti m.- on, auu j"
ijuartcr at a mile nearer. Ine country be
tween llanovertov. ti and Mechanics vi He by the
direct road c-a sists of large cleared fields
nr.d patches of heavy forest,, toe c t ang no
streams worth v of note except the Totopoto
my; cn the Old Church road the country is
mote wooded.
Grant's cavalry crosled to the south bank,
of the Pamui.key at llanovertown fury Friday
morning. May 27, under a heavy fire from cur
horse artillery; that night his entire army
made the passage- of the river. The uest
day he threw forward his cavalry to Hawes'
shop, ttheir. cn the same evening, they were
attacked by our civalry. This was a recon
uoiVinte. cn our pait", the object being to
ascertain wUihtr Grant had crossed with his
t n fan try or was still niuviug v.own meuoiuiQ
lii.k of the Parautikey to Weit Point. WTo
drove the'enemy back upon heavy masses of
his infantry, and the object of the reconncis
sance having Ll-cu thus attained, withdrew in
the directiuu of Richmond. Sunday and
Monday Giant advanced, with a bold show of
mar.-hiug on Richmond by ihe roads leading
to Meadow and Mechanicsville bridges.
There wa a god deal of infantry skirmish
ing during these two days, our troops falling
luck iu leisurely manner to a line which
had been" selected on the south bank of the
Totopotomy creek. Monday evening May
20th, the enemy haying pressed over the
Totopotomy, were immediately attacked and
driven back with loss into .the earthworks
they had erected on tha south bank of the
creek.
The hostile lines were now stretched east and
west over about ten miles of country. Our
line skirted the south bank of the Totopomy,
with our left on Atlee'i and our centre oppo
site and north of Mechanicsville. The enemy
occupied a corresponding position on the north
bank of the creek, his right menacing Atlee s.
Tuesday, May, 31, aud Wednesday, June 1,
there was nharp skirmishing along the lines
from Atlee's to Cold Harbour, and the enemy
made several heavy demonstrations as of a
and along the Chtckahominy to l ottoms
bridge, five miles below WoClellau's bridge,
the armies are constantly in line of 'Battle be
tween their respective intrenchments. which,
at some pomts, are three hundred, at others
one hundred, and at others not more than fifty
yards apart. Even where the lines are closest
together there are intervals of tacit understand
ing, amounting to a truce, duung which the
r.eu of either army walk along the top of their
respective iutrenchruent s,plant ckeveux defrise
iu trout of them, or strengthen them with earth
from between the lines. But this is a very
precarious sort of truce, and is never general,
and is liable to be broken at any time by any
accident, such as tha explosion of a musk t, or
anything of that sort. When such truces are
not in force, snapshooting is the order cf tne
da 'aud even .wnea they prevail most, the
crack of rilles rarely dies away along the lines.
The rumble of au empty wagon or a caisson in
the hosti'J camp will always elicit a cannon
ade. It is useless to speculate upou what Grant
is foiii" to do. He has never been wholly iu-
active. Havmg gotten the mass 01 nis army
into what, he considers a safe and convenient
position, he has already sent out two formid
able raids. The one failed to takPetersburg ;
what will be the fate of the other (Sheridan's)
remains to be seen.
for the Confederates.
Unpou this evidence, Mr. Dayton based a
formal demand for the seizure, or at lenst de
tention, of certain vessels, and other measures
to frustrate the nefarious attempts of the Con
fut0,ot o-rpir.Bt the neutrality ef France. Ve
have no means of judging of the genuineness of
this evidence, aud we understand man uoiu
Mprf4 Viiruz aid Armaud decline, as they
rhave a perfect morn! and legl right to do, to
nrMin.in the matter until the originals are
moduced. of which the-e papers protess to be
conies. Mr. Dayton'n dilemma, however, is no
enviable one to a gentleman ana tno represeu
tative cf a foreign uation.- Either the papers
submitted to the French Foreign Office are of a
piece with the report of the Coutedcrate fcccre
tarv of the Navy palmed on Earl Russell, and
iu that ease the simultaneous employment of
forged documents for the same purpose with the
two Governments would bear somewhat too
cnarJrmQ ,i character. Or. on the other hand,
if thpv are frenuioe. then he confesses himself
guilty of subornation of robbery, and liable, but
for his diplomatic character, to a criminal prosecution.
A Warrior' Death It was evident to
the physicians that death was settling its
.1-1 'L.s.n f
clammy seal upon me crave, ujieuuiim w
the General, andthey told him so; asked if he
V.f.d anv last messages to ffive. The General,
Much has been said about the manner in
wich a portion of our breastwork was taken
(temporarily) in the late battle near Cold
llai bour. From those who ought to know we
have obtained, and will uow aitempt to give,
a statemeut of tho facts: General Breckin
ridge's division was posted in the following
order: Whartous Dnguae on ine rigui,
Ecbol's (commanded by Colonel ueorge a.
Patton) on the left, with the Maryland bat
talion iu reserve, supponeu uy nuucgoua
Florida brigade. The left ot Lchois' brigade
was held by the Twenty-sixth Virginia bat-
tahon, commanded oy leu.-..L ooiunei
George M. Edar, and was postea in a saueni,
ande. A considerable part ot this battanon
was out as skirmishers, aad the rest were is-d
tributed along both sides of the angle, extend
ing over a very long line. The enemy ad
vanced in great force, driving in the line of
skirmishers at a run and entering the angle
with them. .Our men in the works could not
firft until the enemy were upon them ; but re
fusing to abandon the position, the enemy
dashed over them, killing, wouding and
capturing a number. Coionel Edgar was bayo
neted in the works atid wounded by a ball.
Others were also bayoneted and knocked down
with clubbed guns. Major Woodran, next iu
command, was wounded, and the Adjutant,
Lieutenant H. B. Craig, killed. Colonel Pat
ton, seeing the position of aflairs, called on the
force supporting him to advance. Gallantly
did fhe Slarylanders and the Florida brigade
respond. Advancing with a rush, they drove
. , 1 1
with a mind perfectly clear ana posseoseu,
then made disposition of his stafl and per
sonal effects. To Mrs. tren. a. j. L.ee ne
directed that his golden spurs be given as a
dying memento cf his love and esteem of her
husband. To the staff officers he ,gave his
horses. So particular was he in small things,
even in the dying hour, that he emphatically
exhibited and illustrated the ruling passion
Harbison's Station, June 4th, 18G4.
Everything has been comparatively quiet
for the last few days.
Lieut. Reynolds, of the 51st Alabama,
caught 19 Yankees between the enemy's cav
alry and infantry a bold trick. Lieut. Rice
caught two and killed one. The prisoners
represented every army corps but one, prov
ing that Sherman's, army, or a large portion
oHt, is massed on the railroad, aud fearing
to move on so strong potions as can be bad
along the base of the Keunesaw Mountain.
They will undoubtedly move by the Roswell
Facory road, flanking this ridge in order to
find a gocd road to travel to Atlanta.
The prisoners say that the cars are running
to Acworth, and that the bridge over the
Etowah is finished'.
Deserters that we have apprehended say that
a great many are. desertiug and going home,
especially those from East Tennessee.
Sherman played very "fine' in coming
round Altoona Hills'. He never expected to
get on this side without a fight. Crossing at
Douthil's or Conger's bridge he "snaked" his
way round aud to the south side ot the hius,
and you can now follow his train to the rail
Toad again, just where he wished to get. He
nuietlv waits until his pioneer corps has fin
ished the bridge over the Etowah, and when
he gets sufficient supplies he will no doubt
move again. Atlanta Confederacy.
MOVEMENTS I VALLEY CAPTURE OF LEXING
TON. The following dispatch - was received yes
terday by Governor SmiJ, at 4 p. m :
LYNcnBURG, June 12.
T am TPnuested bv Gen. Smith to forward
'talt XtSd- 'efoUolS dispatch to you just received :
WUer take tL large horse, he will carry you.. "The y entered Lex.ng Jr-
cood behaviour. It has
ed by the brave and gallaut Col. W. H. A.Speer;
through all the campaign he has had uo field
officer to helD him : he has acted most gallautly
in all the battles ;has been in command of the
Regiment for over eleven months without any
assistance except Adjt. Folger, who is as good
an officer as any in the service. We mourn the
los3 of some of our best officers aud men. Capt.
Clark, Lieuts. Edwards and Uostner mueu.
Capt. Bohannonand Lieut. Sunner and Andrews,
missing. Lts. Eudy, Stone and Rhyne wound
ed The less of the Regiment from the 5th of
May to the present, in killed wounuea anu
miwntr. is 2G0. The Regiment went into the
battle of the Wilderness on the 5th of May, and
has been fighting and under fire every day since,
except four. I ha e been in the army for near
three years and in nearly, all the battles, and. I
have never before seen such desperate ngniing
and such slaughter of Yankees. If Grant will
only keep pitchingliis men against us, he will
soon have to go bacic home; ana .as some ui um
men say that he said "he would fight Lee till
his men were so near all killed that they could
cross the Rappahannock river on a log." Grant
will never get his army to llichmouu, unless 11
goes there under guard of rebel bayonets, as
about 8,000 have already done.
We aTe getting more rations than we cam eat,
aud we are all in very good health and iu the best
nf Mnirita. Tbroush the eooducss of an ever
craciflus Providence and by His hflj), we will
oive the invader an awful defeat, anu soon eee
the sweet dove of peace once more spreading her
lovelv wines over the sunny South : and you may
put down the 28th Regiment witb its commander
(Col. Speer) and Lane's Brigade, as doing what
all good' soldiCrs do, their duty.
I am, very respectmny, your 001, scrvi.,
J. R. C.
Conservative and Charlotte Democrat please
copy.
'
, . ' Okalona, via Mobile, June 13.
Gen. Forrest reports from Salem, on the
i 1 th that he had scattered the forces of the
enemy, and was still pursuing them. The
loss of tho enemy, so far, amounts to 2,000
killed and wounded aud 1,000 prisoner.-,
twenty pieces of artllery, and two hundred
and fifty wagons and ambulances. The ront
is comnlere. S. D. Lee, Major Gen.
a
AdtuV of)
3, Uec'd
Pirr County, j
Court of Pleas and Quarter Sc3sions May
Term, 18C4.
Henry Sheppard A
Jos. A. Williams
vs.
Distributers of I
Joa. A. William, deceased. J
TTT APPEARING TO TUB
JL nf tho Court, tfcat U. R. Foreman and wit
defendants in thi3 ca.-i, arc non-resident of thi
State: It is ordered by tu? ijourt, mai publica
tion be made for six weeks in tho Confederate,
notifying the said defendants of the filing of this
noMtion. to onnear and answe, &c, at the next
Term of this Court, or judgment pro confetin will
be granted against them.
Petition to divide
Slaves.
SATISFACTION
Xun
c 8-19 w6t
- w . p, 1 4. rk
j-v. . 1 .j . . j n. .n 1 n' I Ik'JWI I. w If . 1 . .
better. Uiher mementoes nouispuseu 0, .u vr - - V . wWlurned. The Cadets
tnonnor i n ms vounir scin. Lie i mtui uu...
iX ruuii" ijiuv.. o w
left his glorious sword.
His worldly matterslosed.the eternal interest
.f soul ensasred his mind. Turning to
the Rev. MrTPeterkin, of the Episcopal
church and of which he was an exemplary
. "li" 1
member, he asfcea mm to sing me nyuau
commencing:
"Rock of ages cleft for me,
Let me hide myself in thee."
retired at one, p. m., without being .engaged.
They are now near Balcony t alls.
r . n . DHi in, oup b.
Headquarters Va. Mill. Institute,
. Balcony Falls, June 12.'J
Thomas T. Nichols; Brig. Gen.
"P..a'conv Falls, is at tha paste-jo of the
James River through the Blue Ridge, and on
tv road from Lexington to Lynchburg. The
' Knra aisnatch. while it conveys disagreeable
He ioinins in with all the voice his strength . TxinfTttin. silences the story
would permit. . He then joined in prayer with that the TafeTS nad entered Lynchburg,
the minister. 10 tne aoctor ne again saiu.- tnouTD may supposed the. latter town to be
"lam going fat now; lam resigned; God s , . . t The force operating at Lexing-
will be done, mus aiea uenerai o. ju. o. ton are supposed to ba Avetill's and Uoot's-.
btuart. One account, yesterday, represented ine
iad between Lynchburg and Charlottes-
Extract of a letter from Randolphcounty : yilleas threatened, while another umrmea thai
"Gov. Vance is gaining popularity everyday, - Th:s wa8
and of course Holden is losing. We expect A ' ft h force tnrown through some
to give Vance a majority in this County, j ia tne Blue Ridge, after the success at
which will be. a great victory.- over tne new j Lexington nocKonuge auu cisou cuuuuw
destructUes." ' loth bordering on he mountain.
HIDES. HIDES.
-r-i AVTva OBTAINED THE SERVICES OF
H Mr. Woodward, one of the best Tanners in
COMMITTKD
rilOTUK JAIL U1S W A K K lUlflll, A8 A
X runaway, on the 5th of May, a nepro wo
man, who says her n:ffne is SALLY BRYANT,
ayl that ehe wis- raided in Jones county, by Jo.
llnch. She had on when committed a red cot
ton dres. She is about 2j years old, 5 feet I incit
es high, slender, pol.-r black, two upper I rout
teth out, and rather slow spoken. Tho owner
of said negro is requested to come torward, provo
property, pay charges and take her avay, or slip
will bo dealt with as the law directs.
W. II. HIGH, Sheriff.
92-dltAwtf 2. 1
NOTICE. The Subscriber having quail-
tied as Executor of the last Will and testament
of Edwin S. Sanders, deceased, hereby notihVs all
persons indebted to the estato of said deceased, to
make immediate payment and settlement, as long
er indulgence cannot be. given ; and all persona
having claims against said estate, will present
them for payment within the time prescribed by
law, or thi9 notice win De piean in oar w ineir re
covery. This the 25th day of Mav, 1K(U.
JOHN W. HODGES, Executor,
jq 8-19-w4t b
Notlce.---Takcn up anh committed lo
the Jail of Catawba, a dark NEGRO man
about fifty years of age. Said negro says.his name
is PLEASANT, and that he is tho property of
Hurh Carlirle and Geo. Henderson of Georgia.
3 A.-J.HELTEN, Jailor. .
Xewton X. C. April 13th 1884. an. 20 12-wfim
fTATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, CABARRUS
JCounty, Court of Picas anu Quarter Sessions,
April Term, 1864.
M. M. Misenheimer, adm'r"
of D. C. Wilhelm, f Petition to sell land.
vs. r
A. M. Wilhelm & others, )
it annoarint? to the satisfaction of the Court
that George Logan and wile Nancy, and A. M.
Wilhelm are not inhabitant of this State, it is
ordered by th Court that publication be mado
for six weeks in the Weekly Confederate for said
fiofonrianta to annear at the next term of this
rvinfarirata States. I am now reaiy and re-
iiriTi. HIDES to Tan on Shares. I tan for
. . j ..if V..a r Awnri..lTFPnl I a. l - l I. 1 .1 V. iiiii. nf Pah, rrn a nf
one-aail, anu sen uiy buio , r . court, to we uwu iui mc wumi v -"
third and sell as I choose. Tanning done for m
,i;ni cnlrliers' families free of charge. I will
UIK w .
re-tan andnnisn leainer ior me guverumcui.
dividuals on reasonable terms. Persons requiring
information are teferred to the editors of tho
Confederate. J. R.0BT. JEFFREYS.
ap 1 57-dlwAw4w .
..i-o - at enn Hollar Tier Dound. or for one- miirt Hons in t?oncord on the third Monday
r . . . . -r m : In I T 1 J .. r.. IF a r. v tVnr hivt.
in JUIJ next, .nu enow tamac i -j , j
why the lands described in the petition should not
be eold according to the prayers of th petition.
Witness, Joseph Young, Clerk of our said Court
at othce in Concord, the third Monday, in April,
A. D..18C4. JOSEPH YOUNG, Clerk.
ma 4-w6t pr. avd. $36.
nrviwiv ri avp..
IAKE.V up and committed to the jail of Guil-
f A mnmt tlmtk ktir rQDaW.lV
Doth in the Army and .at home, 1 announce ,tki. ; '.nillUM says bo
a candidate for the omceoionLmrr. , tn TaPboro'. Kdtre-
tnev win so ue- ueiuuto w wuu khuv' . '
comu.coun.y, a. j. b v-v....
1 1 a
r-Tl. ha Pannlo nf Wll trP.H rOUntV.-
X Through the numerous solicitations of friends r l Ah. n.
the choice of the people I hope
erara
election
just
m
hv i.atinr their votes at tne nexi aukmi. ,
; --- n . . . . i it ij r i-n v. a hirrH i it r a wn ntt annul . - tv.
A r am ramPfMI. I RnB.ll COIlBlUUr Ifc I IVCfc Clt"- -l-vuco "'i"f .
,uui-'---f. .... :n :u -K., 1 ( IK. 11 mvi he a
- St0? thQ 'uageV v .Rtt ! JdZ in C western art "of N. C.', wj.en.ha
18 o wot. Z'arav xia hp think, he ranawa? last Au-
' eust. flis clothes worn out and he nearly naked.
. E,l8t S. Ci The owner ol SAiaDoy is req- - -hisVervices
to ward, prove property, rJthhe law cL
county in the nim away, or ne win oo u.. " - - -nnn v
CAMDATE FOB TEE LEGISLATUBE
TLMMEB W. GBEEJT, Co
Tavalrv. respecUnlly offers
. h neonle of Warren
UOU8e Ot tommon. oi mo uc., U6.B..... ( - -
Election first Thursday in August.
may 11-15-wtde . May 1G
1864-
Sheriff of Guillord county.
w-17tf
0