HIE CONFEDERATE.
'THE CONFEDERATE
ADVERTISING.
A D V F UTI S EM EN TH will bo inxrted at rw
DoLLAkt per sqnarcor ten lines (or less) for eat .
insertion. Marriage notices and obituaries ill t C
eWgcd m i adrcrtuetnents. -.
JOB WORK.
. A. 31. GO KM AX k CO., Exoprictors.
H3
SS3
TERMS :
PMLY EDITION, for 6 months S12
3 ' 4
1 " 3
T';I-VriLY, Ux ninths. '
3 4
Wr.rilvhV COITION, for C months. 5
Xi in-cri: tions wi'.l be received o any other
t ,T: than the above, Qor for a longer or shorter
D
VOL. 1.
Jim WORK f cerr description will be
eet:f?d at th ('! .v. Hi. i ' A'
RALEIGH, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 29, 1864. .
NO. 9.
4?
1
Oduv
Ft
1
.1 r
a ra
V
x
,.v W
- 4-
a ii-'
eu p'--r '
I'.jt'.a--'"
li of v' .
.r riii"1'1,,,,
.. . 'eil -"
:ogr-.--
:rJ.
. k( : 1
1K-'
I ..llli." L
u--
1
Vihat Xortli Carolina Vi HI IloOulet anil
Harmony.
Tii rr'-s-T.t. ir:di as to the loyal mit.d.of
r-u Caro'ina at o-kv a Vy and an oppnr
,...:tv O :r co iet for independence is at
t' c tun i:.: roint. for weal or Woe, to .the n
,v ri c v -; is.-n us whose passage vm'I
lib.g the cV.tn -f peace, or the sirrm and
t,,n,pet r.f pr -!..r"-iol and r.ggravatcd slru?
rr'e On- s"".'tars :l L'r '-C enlistm,
, . . .-xaa.t ' t-vnti'n. Th se
,- :..vt rc?:-riied fr-m an imprisonment
V-' hardship, and temptation, bv their
j" ',tv ' c r.r-e h;ive mvta of the cause
;. r.-i.ip. and an adoration ; and the Women
f :: eS'-th, teudtr'y bravo, e'acr;fi::ing
;k:. i t-., !ui hrr. d:o'is" an atm-.sphere redolent
tl p.:ii-"a-m, virtue ar.d l.-ywi integrity
i . t , . 1 S m-.ineru ! uniii i;ij-iiimi nu-.-'ii
.:' . . . . . ...!.. ..f..riK rv.tv.'ii.n srp '
. ."; to the fx r i-e of their elective privi-
... .f ti'-: ' their (iovernr f-r the ei- j
. .. ,. . ... -,r n-h ir.d;viduul. hs'.ektd
i v a few uiwi.' c.-s:.sel!or.s, hiis. nominated I
:a If f r this .fIi:e against the pre-ent in- !
cut:
nt wh is a candidate for re-t!ecii .n.
I y.d, lait'.fnl sjulinu nt of the S'ate,
i s i" rl t ar make no isue to divide our
,t. ht us have ' peace and h nm"!iV at
hn the eleelion piss this vrar wnh- !
' . . . I... A . k ..... l . -.- t
.'.. !. ail - ha'.ds, to b'J '"true and reliable
I.'.- ll l"' eS;V Oil-II iju.li nt 'l iii.i ill LSI ri lUC
. ;t'u and pr.outin.i the war j
t ti.
to ..!; h'!i ratiie t'T:ni:iat;or). . Il the peojoe
v.iil ti.i-, it e;iTi h accompli ?hed In J' e
n,'.:i ui Wi'mit uton. a meeu-g l as lately
.. . ti he id, v.h pr. cet din t;s are a invdcl of
i f.irl'earance ;-n the pait of tlitlVi irtg
? ii.i'-i! opinion t. r tlf sake of concord.
ij :' .1 lh- res 'IntiAiiS th re adopted, we sub-
:i a p! lti'or.-n uj-.m which every light-mind-
( '.. vai cii z n .f North Carolina can stand
a: i -.ppurt tv. Vance.
Vi!r.r.- as, It s5 at all times the lijrht a? well as
t-.. , U iT. -f fV"- i- o:! tf as.-Linhle tojroth
.... .- (....ii!t.iii.!!i iirnn tln :itl",iir oftlif OiMllitrv. I
:-.' f r th fX'i'r-"?on of tneir opinions in refund
I s r.Hic iavu and public ni..asurs ; A xi Yiii;::K- i
.tli " jm v-er.t ajjears t't u to 0-i a tir.i'" t n :t t j
r.i. ur -uch et..-u!tatirn. aud demands ?ucli ex-
j r -n of opinion upon the part of all tho?e w ho j
l: -arti!v d-vot-.d to th sufcv'.s of th Cotif-.-der i
Stat--. in the reat -trucse. !a n liicii t!i y are
t r. ':i".-t for the i:-oteeii.n" of tlo-ir intitu- j '
-r-xx: awrti-,n "f their independence j
1
I' in. it we, a portion oi tne peop.e nj
w 11 iiov. r ."..unt v. in nuhlie me iting asseinhk-1.
'. v:" " ia tli-' iutn t" our eau-e, and reiving
. tV.'"ai.l;:d protection of Divine 1'rovidence,
;,. r. ;., ii KA-our v .-vs of tiiolity to ourwun-
to it all that we have and -all that I
. . .i no l ll .oi
t
; o'rtJ. That th.- thanks of th Cfuntrv at
"- arf -jpeiai'v da to the o!!ie rs nnd soldiers
: '. r gallant arrnv, who hav -tood like a wall of
:. b twern th- homesoi" the South anl the rava
the ruthless invader: who have proved
?.. ;r .'ti.-n upon a hundred hVlds, and con ti i tn
it iifeor-.tiruiition wore necessary ) by their
v ' i-.tirv re-'V.i.-tnu'nt for the war.
,.,;,t , Th.o it i the boufidfn duty of every
ti '.!.. vo' an an'l child in the Conf.-d-rav to do
ii" in tli ir power to support the army
; i iii-taiu the (ievernmtnt in thii trying crisis
. . fa!e. v
7. Th.it to do thi. not only should
. i. -. tr ...a- fnp. iJi.il to !! Government, ar.d
, ; t' ,r :i!.h'd to tlsc soUliers. but amplf pro-
.,. v.Id he made to sinel.i iroui wan: or ?ui
t . : :he wives and families of th- e ghmt men
v : have hit t!it ir homes to confront the public
i:. : v in the !;.!.!.' -
.' -' ..Vr-. That all our energies and abilities are
r r.re.l to ir. -et and rent! the advances of the in
. i toe. and that wt'have none to expend in
ir.t. tine ttroils or political .squabbles.
.', , . That, desirous of peace and harmony
:o . - !.i, ,r..1,vn anxious to see the election
' t; n 'rr.or of North Cam ina pnss over quietly
. . " .
. . - l.v !.. -P-fl.Ttiftn of (Joovernor Vance !
v ..: I O' .I'-il loll. I'C ifoi; ui" ..v.
., ' A r.i : n;noin.
'.'j.e u.'on l ne t wmn i iju';n'" ... (
th- si -ht ..f.the South ami pr.ecuting the j
t, h .".oraWe termination, and being wnlbig, ;
I'.r il... nf iit.i..n a-sson.r ourselves t waive
: ; . .r. ,r'.ent. at 1 -at. all firmer ditT-rences.. and
. , . . .
- rH,ta.lpreviouVlivrv1s .
. I ft. iiVH UH'fi rc;ii'i-.- f snn injur .
t .- J ' . H-l.it.. tl.A
r -. bftion ot tl.vfinor Vance, wfiile the
rseofhis present compt titer. Mr. UoMen. as j
'. air ar.;l en:VHliinent .f political disadVction j
:.it s -t ins to u to preclude him fiom re-
-.vinir th- support of any true ti lena ol tne couin
.V.o'rd. That in our op; n thetoyal Southern 1
of the Stat-fth 'uhl se; to it that none but
i a Seiithern ui-.-a in prii.Viple.are elected to the
r. t he 'islature. No Convention agitators no
(-.v. ; t a Tvoeate of re-construction or a peace on-
,i " a-... -terms, should receive their support under a-j
..- if f x';-v a instances.
"t: Il Tl.i-i latf r n contains a reoog-.ition t f tl
:er auv
1 1 i.:.- i iatl r n cot.ta'.'is a reoog'.ition due
1 P v.:..'; rcreciion, and a pledge of tidelitv toe ur
It ter.dcr-' to the soldhr the meed
!iu; :e. It ts foiih the duty and
. -r- the detennination to support 1 i
. iy wi.ile be tights Vur battles. Il
.CiCUs prt:zan agitatitn f . r illegitimate
"j s. in c.tire cor.soi.ace with Gov
i Y.i: cc5j position. It expresses a wil
::. to forget former differences for
rt peace and harmony. It tppo-esMr
i'tstly, as the "embodiment of p.oliti-
Election in the State," and . tenders a
support to Go. Vance, in the inU-r-:
ti e State and nation nnd it appeals
U public K'use of the State to " secure
: .. ':.',r. in the next legirlature."
"ri!y r.o friend of Gov. Vance can desire
'. vhtu a party strop j; aud conscious of its
'".lorgvts and forgives political injury
... prvsei-pti, i.? zxx contents itself with
e ret lection ct a" political adversary', ou
-n uud of pure patriotism. SAirely the
ocal fiiends of the patty supported will
- v:s!i to sitint those, their allies, in a tem
'e expression of thtir reasons foi this
v.:e of fvlbelrancc. .- "
I
o t.i.n the other hand, will tnose who
I Ken der.cucctd and pri scribed by Gov.
' a:.d his partv as "secessionists and
I
B :i; -ti; .'' Le content with a simple cnun-
i2
c.;m-.n oi purpose to concur in G v. i
Var.ee's re-election, cr will they Srek to en
graft (ly Way of avoiding mis-conception) int..
their notion their expressions of confidence
in P,.sider:t Davis, and Fhcir unfaiterim ain-
port ofhis administration. With all deference j
t- cur 1 rethren in various portions of the
State, we think they may well limit them
selves to the Wilmington platform, as we
i ftrA .rr-nt it.
The al ministration of Ml Davis ha mor !
than once 1 ecn rndrst-d uuardrr.oualy by the"!
legislature nf this S'ata and it is nt now j
on tfia' rar:d theie is no mcesitv to bring it
into the. struggle. If our cause fail, it will
perish in tlie general ruin and destruction. If j
W sneered, ami hirv' iuiparti d truth j
s'-afl hring to light the hidden a.id unseen .
thir-ss. Mr. Davis wilt be consecrated in thej
v " I
- - . - ,
hearts :f his countrvmen. alor.-Ji with our crloii- !
c ns .-uccess. The monument of his fame shall '
I e l uilded on the rock of independence, and
ornamented and "arnitured by the veneration .
and afXettior.s of a triumphant peop'e: lu j
tLe galaxy of pieat names, and heading the list, !
uito I.ee. and I.caureganl, dnti jolmpton, ai:U
lirapjr, ar.d Polk, and the host of immortal
Lories, it will Vo inscribed to eudless ages
fr classic renown.
His friends may well wait upon these
events, in tne meanume mo main nusint-s.
is to secure the trium ph of loyalty in the
State; t.'-t so much the defeat of Mr. Holden
"r that is an event sure beyond peradven-
ure but the seeming of a true legislature,
r.4)d the establishment of a right Confederate
feeling in N'rtii Carolii;a.
We would exhort, therefore, all loyal men,
in their meetings to nominate Gov. Vanee,
and to Feiect candidate fur ll;e legislature, to
unite on general prin-ciples of fidelity to tlie
country, where all may stand shoulder to
should? r, without pricking each othf r with
I j.olitival party differences.
To this et.'l the lcsoluJons. we have selected
nre admirably adapted, and we respectfully
urge them as the Conf derate Platform in
North Carolina
Sensation Uuntors.
We are surprised to see in the Charleston
(Jourier, copied from the Atlanta Confederacy,
lV4l4wiug . U vUh what ,USr
oi muu .nt- uuiauiiciu, u " v
(j.lw.-i it'ior-niffhly subjected to military rule.
. .
We hear of the suppression o, a newspaper
ja t!rit State, and that theie are now confined
, , . . .,. ,
iloro jnrno fnnr hundred Civilians.
And this has been used to alarm " 44 members ol j
the Georgia Legislature. " and to give j .stifiua j
tion to Gov. Browu'a extraordinary message.
There ii? not a word of truth in the statement .
So far from military rule prevailing here, it h-
the only State in the Confederacy where j
the tilt of a single judge has interfered to
prevent the enrolment of the principal- of
substitutes the War department hiv;ng here
consented to allow Judg; Pearson's d-ci-
ston
to rem .iu uncontested till the .Su- ;
preme Court can assemble and Mistain or re j
verse it. (Tub as we hear.) 1 here has been
no suppression tf any newspaper in this
State. Mr. llohhn, the editor of the Stan
dard, became a candidate for Governor.
Ju.-t before this, he suspended his paper, and
Uhe Progress, whh his sanction., we piesume,
t rji.i.o:i to h-v that his 44 office had
l l ?r, ilnt i 1 nr.l f
Itcii nunu Oil and his ii I e ttiieaU-i.e.1, ana n
-
ts.e suspension ol "his paper he acted upon the
v A., not '
iieve there has been the slightest danger to
.,,,.. , ffi ,p CvCett as he
i.v.v... ' r i
- - . . ... " - 1
i ,vi n..n i;. ,!.!. t.V- rri.rxin.nl nrnso-
...... r .. i i
cu:ion oy pniui violations! ot toe laws am.
oi the safety of the country ; and we
do uot think there are many papers in the
State that would have suspended from threats
of violence. Indeed, Mr. Ilolden and his fr-.ends
have done mere than all others to invoke -mobs,
as can be shown from his journal.
Nor has there been a single civilian in North
Car dina arrested, that we are aware of, for any
ot the criminal offences set forth in the act, ex
cept for attempts 44 to avoid service; " and,, as
we have said, the habeas corpushns been applied
in some of those -cases, aud the question now. is
.ending.
If ever there was a time when the suspen
sion of the habeas corpus could become neces
sary in Sorth Carolina, it was when Con
gress enacted Us suspension. An agitation
of the most dangerous character pervaded
the State; the published articles of the two .
papers in Kah-'igh were re-published from ,
week to week in the Yankee press at New- j
born, in order to show the readiness of the j
Stale to succumb to the Federal rule ; the
men who deserfld from the North Carolina
troops, when undergoing sentence" of death
attributed their qiJ to the Standard ; its edi- j
tor had openly avowed his readiness, through j
a convention, by means of North Carolina j
commissioners, to treat with the Federal gOv- j
ernment an I make peace by disrupting the j
Confederacy, through the surrender of a part J
of Vircmia, and all of Kentucky and Mis- j
orri V-en who, by accidental circumstan- j
eft, nad acquired a ? rt of prominence, had.
declared for this convention, wim a view iu
set at naught the Confederate government,
and "y.ke the affairs of the State uo its
own hands - and a wide-spread and most in-
Jurious discontent prevailed. Oilicers f the
S:ite gorornmeut, military and civiC, favored
this seditious movement, 'acd some of them
went s- far as to declare 'that the object was
to s-'ced-.i from the Cnfedera"y, and that they
Jafored it. More can be proved ou some
men in North Carolina than t'oy are aware
of; but no one has desired to see the past
brought m judgment upon them. All true
men are content, if the agitation cease..
Mr Holden is now a candidat'against Gov.
Yaacc, and ho has been treated with more
cot'sidnrati jii than he was ever wont to treat
candidates who differed from him. Having
no inclimitioa to as.sail him personally, jmd
being governed by r.ur own self-respect, vve
have abstained from all allusions to him of a
personal character, giving him crtdit, indeed,
for qualities Jo whirl)., in candor, we thought
him entitled. Mr". Holden has chosen him-s-lf
i.ot to go out and 'canvass.' Ho sivs- he
will m.t invite the people, out to "hnrangue
thcrn for vetes." It is tine he has always
heretofore rec mmended pop.ular canvasses.
He invited tie people to the most excit
ing public !!e tiags, last summer and again,
but lately, this spring; a1 d ia the very same
paper which contains his announcement, he
i.rges count v n eetings for the nomination of
part;-candidates for the Legisl . ur . Iiut all
this is a question of coo-astency ; and this the
people do not look for from Mr. Holden,
seeing that he has. at one time or another, em--brier-d
all shades of opinion botji as to men,
parties arid principles. Mil Ho'den has lately
bjen invite;! out to address the people, and
ha- declined, as we learn, on grounds of per
sonal safety. Now for ourselves, we do not
iirtend to assdl Mr. Ilolden . p ronail'. We
ag in !:. li'y accord to him many qualities
vi ich have attracted our sj'nq)athy.. We
bl others nvoe thaiuhim for his present
pi-it on. We. wt-uld. countenance no violence
toward' him or his and we think, if we were
i.: 1 is place, we would fear none. He may
with perfect safety accompany Gov. Vance
to m eetings of th? people, unless, of course,
he should choose to indulge in such obnoxious
ilis--o-ir.se as would shock the public sense."'
The' got d tilect of 'he susp! nsion of the
hal-:J.as er;, us is vi.-io'e every where in North
Carolina. Il has put men to " thinking ; and
t 1 4--iv '-rt t rf'J C . ItO rr O'rhillj ll.I'l
be'-u imp "scd on by scheming agitators, have
had opp-ortunity for 'rejection, and with one
convent have given the g '-by to all purposes
of evil or dangerous tendency. .Throughout
the mire State, men of all partes are decla-
- ring against Mr. lb hh n, and as far as we can
sfi. t bore is not - a shadow- of a chance for
his r.n-cess. He h-ts been abanjoned, in
deed, by nu'ti of whom he lrad reason to
ho:e di.'T rently But evt'V county meeting,
cvt ry meedf:g f th sohliers, the whole press
of the State, with two or three exceptions
and they are neutral or want to be so arc
sup-pot ti:igGov. Vance. Indeed Mr Hidden
seem-i io bo hi.; own candidate, and no body
els. .
Tee instruction? from the War department
with referr.fvi to the acti n-of the govern
ment in the class of enses likely to fall under
the suspension of the habeas corpus, givegeu
erai satisfaction. Already the public are con
vii.c-d that no danger exists to tlie rights,
libe: tics or privileges of 'good' citizens.- We
copy below the instructions, that all may-see
how "careful the government is to avoid any
thing which might seem to be arbitrary or
opp;v?sive :
'There will be appointed by this depai tment, for
each military division of the Confederacy, east of
, the Mississippi liver, one or niur; competent per
sons as commission'er?, to investigate the cases of
persons who may be. arrested or detained by any
luiiitary uuthority for any cause specified in the
above recited act. Information of all such arresta
will be" given to him by the department commander
a soon as practicable after they are made, and he
will proceeu to investigate the same. If, tipon
examination, a reasonable and probable cause for
detention does not appear, he will certify the fact
to tin? General or ether officer in command, who
will immediately discharge the prisoner from
at rest. But if a reasonable and probable cause
does appear, the commi-sinner wih forthwith trans
mit to the department a copy of the evidence
taken in the case, with bis. opinion thereon, for in
sti uctions, and meanw bile the prisoner shall re
main in custody."
"In all cases fh which aperson who has been en
listed in the armv under any of the acis of Con
gress to provi ie for the public defence, or to raise
troops to serve during the war, or to provide for
local defence and special service, or w bo has been
enlisted or enrolled forervice under the act of
Congress further to provide for the publicdefence,
,or has been placed in the military service by the
act of Congress to orgyiiz- forces to serve during
the war, approved 17th February, 1S64, shall be
held in custody for desertion, or encouraging de
sertions, of harboring deserters, for attempts to
- avoid military service, or of hoi ling correspond
ence or intercourse with the enemy without neces-
. sity ar;d without- the permission of the Confede
rate States, or of combining to assist the enemy,
or of lmmunicating intelligence to the enemy, or
of giving him aid and comfort or for any other
cause spveiried in the act aforesaid; and in all
cases in w hich any person not helonging to the
military service .shall beheld in custody by any
military authority for any of the causes mention
ed'in the act. shall apply !to any court or officer
in the Cor.i-'derate States for a writ of "habeat
corj',it will be the duty of the officer having: tho
command or custody of such person forthwith to
report the case with all the relevanjt facts, to the
Var Department for instructions as to the proper
answer to be made to such writ, and in the meantime-to
retain the custody and control of sach
person under this order, , a copy of which will be
communicated to the ethcer, or courtissuing the
.writ, as affording the reason why time should be
given to make a more corrplete return.
'In all cases when the requisite delay cpnot be
obtained, it will be the duty of the officer having
command and custodr nf person embraced in the
-preceding section, or who may have in custody as
prisoners any persons charged under any of the
sections of the above recited act of Congress, to
make a speoial return in writing and under oath
that the body of such person so detained by bim
is detained by the authority of the Secretary of.
War, and that he declines, under apd bv virtne of
bis authority aod the act of Congress "aforesaid,
to produce the body of such persons or to make
further appearance or return to the said writ. -The
commanding General of the Trans-Missis
sippi Department will perform the functions de- 1
volvingupon the War Department. undr these
orders, in that pertion of the Confcderacv. - '
- 1y order.
feigned; ; S COOI'EK.
Adj't and In-p'r GenT
. Wilson alee tin;
We were sorry to hear that the large meei
ing, whrch assembled in. tliH towa of Wilson,
at which wc learn :th?re Wure at .least, five
bundled men, although .unanimous for Gov.
Vance, was not able to agree on some minoi
proceedings,, and adjourned witho it a nomi
nation. We respectfully call thi attention of
t e people to our .suggestions on this subject,
v. the leading itrticle of tosday.
It is gratifying to know thai, sen ree a voice
in Wilson county supports Mr. Holden.
It is reported about the streets that Surgeon
General Warren has expressed the opinion
tlftt three-fourtlvs of the people of Wilkes and
Iredell were against Gov. Vance ; and this is
beii.jr used as an evidence of the Governor's
weakness. We were always-of the opinion
that Gov. Vance would z.vin no political
strength by making Snrgron General Warren
his political companion, and If we had his
political interests in ur keeping, we should
insist on. a divorce from this association.
As it is, however, not much weight is to be
given to this opinion of the Snrg -u Gene
ral's. It is reported to have been made to
a gentlemen who was himself rumored ti be
ah ut to take the field; nd although it was a
queer , way of acting the political fiicnd,
nevertl. less when it is looked at in the light
of an (fT rt only to make one's self agreeable,
much may be padoned to the navietc of a
political novie?, who h is" not -yet learned the
intricacies of the profession.
By the way some of our Doc-tor's friends
thought that when we s.poke of the travelling
Ex's. " spreading disease and pestilence," that
we meant to allude to the vaccine waller. No
our. whole "article .was political and it was
to bad politics to which fe ailwded. Official
Bureau Doctois ought to keep out of political
officer., and the Surgeon General should set
the t sample. However, we hope the Legis.
ia,i.ire Wiii dispense with a Bureau now. at all
events, useless, and then every one will have :i
free fot.
A Damper to Mr; Holden.
" The election in Orange has resulted in the
success of Mr. Berry, for tl e Senate, and that
of Mr. Leathers, for tho House of Commons.
All of the candidates carr.e out for Gov.
Vance Mr. Leathers" very bobl!y and deci
dedly. Mr. Mangtun, who had been nomi
nated at a meeting in Hillsboro', was the most
lukewarm.
We ham that Mr. Leathers i c'cctcd by
about three hundred m -j irity. Of course Mr.
Maugum rece'md a good many Vance votes.
Take it altogether, the Vote in Orange shows
almost an unit against Mr. Holden.
Indeed Mr. Noldtn's candidacy is already
merely nominal, and will con'inuc to grow more
dwindling, until, in the language ofaGeorgia-
paper, it will be soon frazzled out."
.
Snow. It commenced snowing here on
yesterday morning about 10 o'clock, and con
tinucd"the great -r portion of the day, with a"
stiff wind from the north. Toe fleucy element
at once froze the hearts of wood-haulers, and
nothing less than $20 and 30 for a little
load ol w.ood could melt them. God pity the
poor and destitute, for it is certain - they have
no hope for m.rcy fr m w iodh tuiers and
provision dealers. Let those who have plenty,
also remember the needy in this timQ. of
severity and suffering.
Mail Schedule. 0-vmg to a change
made in the time of departure of the Norlherh
mad, ou paper of yesterday did not get off iu
the mail. We now understand the new order
of things ami hereafter all will be right. We
havy received from the Posfmaster here a
schedule of the Ilaleigh and Gaito Railroad,
from which we learn that the mail Trains
will leave Raleigh at 7 a. m., and arrive at
at Raleigh at i a" fn." The mail train will
reach Weldon at 4 SO p. m., ?nd leave W el
don for Raleigh at 6 30 pm.
The accommodation train leaves Raleigh at
7 p. in., and reaches Weldon at 4 0. Leaves
Weldon at 5 a. mv, and reaches Raleigh at4
p. m.
We have not seen the schedule for the
Western trains, but presume they will be run
in connection with the above schedule of the
Raleigh and Gaston Railroad.
ews. Our exchanges are ardry as bare
bones, in the way of news, and the Telegraph
brings us very little. Ina short time, howev
er, we shall doubtless. have enougli stirring
events to tell to satisfy the most inveterate
newsmonger.
Iu the absence of much'nevvs, in this paper
will be fouud the proceedings of meetings in
several North Carolina Regiments, and other
communications, which, if correct barometers
of. th "state of the weather in the army and
at home, betoken terrible thuEdcr squalls in
August next, antagonistic to Mr. Holden 's
predilections for the Governor's chair.
LITEST FKOU TIIK ITXlED STATES.
The Richmond Seutinol ig indebto I to the
eou-tesy ef the officers of the Exchange Bureau
for. United States date's as l&t a the 17th
instant, fium which we make tlw following
extracts:
THE NEW CXPJtDITlOff.
T-dav the column of re invasion of h.wer
West L aufl ina is to. se't out from Franklin,
Louisiana, iust beyond the Teehe. It U tene
rally i;nderstovl that Gen. Banks is lunrVin-J
pany ir ji person.
JVK LATEST VIEW OF TUB SITTATIOX.
. If. howevt-r, as Lm jnt brn reported to rue
by 44 a reliable person, " Sherman las received
orders to abandon any effort to assist Banks In
Ids Red river enterprise, but to proceed at once
with all his disposable forces by the nearest and
most practicable route.- to Grant's reinforce
ment, and that li has actually left Vicksburg
with 12 000 men, the remains of his gigantic
44 raiders, "it is not likely that Banks seriously
contemplates any extensive campaign at present
id a westerly direction.
The news as I got if from Vicksburg h, th'nt
Shenr. m brought buck 12.000 men, having left
5,000 behind; that he had no spoil with htm,
neither trains nor mules, nor many contrabands
or refugees; but his men claimed to have done
the rebels great damage, aud to have taken as
mmy prisoners ns they lost.
THE RAID ON RICHMOND.
Advices from our sjeHal correspondent
;ih the Army of the Potomac Kays:
A s-rgeant, who was with Colonel Dihl
giecn. states that on Tursday niht, after the
main column All back from Richmond, he
was near en.. ugh to hear the enemy cheer as
they charged into o;;r can p. He fnv thnt
afier Chnel D ihlgreen was killed, Major
"Cook ordered them to disperse. Tins eigeant
belongs to the ih Michigan cavalry. Three
other men of his regimet t, with one of the 2 I
New York, escaped through the assistance -f
negroes. " Jlct aid.
MISCELLANEOUS.
The rrrival of the steamer Roanoke, at New
York o'n Tuesday, announces the fact that anoth
er piivatccr is at large on the ocean. It ap
pears that Captain Scott of the United States
tteanoT De Soto, ii.f.rmel Captain. Drew, of
theR.anokc, that he heard, fn m -reliable
quarters, that there was i rebel privateer
crushing 'to the westward of. Havana, she
being a hark rigged steamer, painfd lead
'color.
Ao -flicer of the army nt CiiattanofM-a
writes that ihe lVdeial army cannot long re
main in its pieset.t j sitioo. owing; to the
stench atising f om an immense numb r o j
dead horses and mules which have died from i
! .1 ....
tiarvauon . ouung ijie winter. I I. e country
Mil. 111. tl (.1 iHtklliH'iTk f..t many r,lt. i . - sr. a ,
with derayino care.issps, estimated to number
nearly fifty thousand.
Mr. V. Wahbon is the person who fells the
stoi y of the alleged interview, at the battle of
Antietam, I ctw on Gen' rals Mc( Tel lan and
Lee. Ilis respi rtabilit v is s iid to b e id .rsed
by General Mi r -y. He is now at. W.nhitn:
ti n, wither h' has b en stnntnoneo to give his
Icstimony l-ef re the War Committee.
Private ;idv;ces state that the Confederate
sldp Rappahannock left Fiance piivately on
tie 20'ih of Fe binary, armed with six guns
and a picked crew, who had been paid three
months iu advance. Her erHi.-in'js. it is re
potted, will be the Kqnator and China.
Il is reported in th World that (Ter.ersl
Thonns wi.l he irl'evcd Trom the rouirnani
i)f- arjnv of the Cumberland. Thai Burn-
M'tu is to lc assigned to tie dep ii -tment ot
S-uthUar.-lh:a.
Vermont. X w Hanip'-hire, C tuiei ticut,
Rhi'de Island, Indiana, Illinois, Mieb'gm.
Iowa, nnd Ohio, aie reported to have filled
their quotas utahr the last call.
Lincoln has ordered an add;tion;d drift of
two hundred thousand men.. The proclama
tion is dated March 14, and is in addition to
the call for five hundred thousand.
The War department announces that if the
irstilt of the ho-t call tor two hundred thousand
men is not satisfactory, another requisition
w:!' be made.
Toe Ne.v Yoik Hera'd's correspondent,
with the fh-et ( fT Mobile, gives a rumor t
A'lmiral Fammut is to withdraw his fle-t,
being saiisfieil that the city cannot be taken
by water.
The Chicago Journal learns tbat General
Burnside is n aking rapid, progress towards
the i-rganiz iti'm of tin expf ihtion, which is
to sail fiom New Yoik for a point not now
known.
The delegates from Rhode Island to the
National Union -Convention have, tarn recom
mended b vote for the renomiaation of Presi
dent Lincoln.
General Kilpatriek arnved at Washington
Wednesday. He attributes the failure of his
"expedition to the treachery of the' negro guide.
Dehfjations fn in the Western States now in
Washington are uiging that the same equality
relative to the draft i riot n eted out to them
as has been to New Hampshire.
A National Bank has been opened at Nor
oiK, a.
Two full raiments of colored trps left
St. Luis en Monday last for New Orleans.
Gen. Meade has returned to the Arwy of
the Potomac. He will not be superceded.
The vert Latest feom tiik North.--The
Richmond Examiner has received, by private
bands, Northern paper of the 18th, one diy later
than the advices by flag of truce.
Among the interesting items of intelligence is
the introduction of a bill in the Legislature of
New Jersy,imposing a fine of five hundred dol
lars and imprisonment for five years fur any one
enlisting negroes ia that State.
Taylor's Ridge Gap was picketed by the rebels
'on the 15th. The rebels have a large force of
infantry aud artillery.
The Chesapeake has been delivered to the
United States authorities."
Gen. Braxton Bragg has begun tie organi
zation of the fifteen hundred cavalry, which
are to be kept in amj around Richmond, to
operate against Yankee raiders.
a cn be done anywhere in tha Sontbern Con
ederacy. A
THE 'KWS.
Retl-knei) pRtjEws. The Richmond
Schlttalof Monday, ray? J W never avva
g; eater rrowiF than Hsf tiibll jestrretay io
vleome home the CmhVderate prisiers
t'x:y i fli cts and seven huudrcd pilvares u Iu
came by Hag f jruce bat t. City Point on
Satoiday. The hndmg nt Rockrtta nrd the
i-cighbotiiig hills were thronged and crowded
with iho.s-o who recrive.1 them there, nnd the
nir was nut with the rcMtinre iccUlms of
theiH-ople aid the prisoner-. Gov. .Smith
was at the hualirw to trnder Virginia' wcl-
,CMne aiul Virgihia's hospitality to her own
and. her sister' sons. The Statu Guanl, with
its band of mtiMo. turortud them to the Capi
tol Sq ia.rc, where another vast crowd h tiled
them with cvry tnanilestatioti of joy, ni:d
where abundant refreshments had been hent
by the eitiz n?. Here they were met by the
P.esident, who p.ved through tho wholeline,
and gave them a rno.st cordial greeting, lie
addnssid them at some length amid cntht'td
astic eheciing, lui we were not near cnoi.-h
. to hear his retnaaks.
In short, our highest officers f Govcrnnu i.t,
and our whohi phople, united to tell our
r turned henK-s lunv proud the country is of
th.m, and how much wcall love the-tn and
how g'ad we are to see ihcm homo again.
We have learned what they hivosunered at-d
how they have been tempted and tried, and
how nobly they haw sto.nl it all; and we hail
them as good men ami true. And not only
the Ce nlederacy and is President are pr ud
of the m, but the respective States to whih
they tah.iig n joice over them ns a mother r. -j
.ices over the son who brings, new honors on
her name
-The feeling in favor of (b v. Vance's te-eh-c;
ion as Governor oi Nort'u liroMn i. iuiv
be s lid to be entirely un animous out.ide f
that State. His late spt ei h, though not t.ttilt.
h s. has e-ontirme I the fa vo: able im j resion.H
pr iot:sly cntoit lined of him, ai d i xiiied an
enthusiasm in his behalf. There are hmit
m I )Mtri tism, and manly, generous cotiu-c
i:i it .stnt forth with talent and powu. Wo
hope his people will rally atoUiid him as one
iiiat PicJimond ycniintl.
FlJoji THE R A VI' II A M NOe'K. P.lssngels by
the Fied -rieksburg train la.-t evenitiL' r-'poit
that the Yankees arc as I w down iu Stall -id
as tin; Grove, about In mil above Fahuo;ith .
0:tr scnu!s report that tin army of tlel'o
totn: c has order t move-, and tha Grant has
aM tned i omtiiMid ; this ho nt sgri e, I w
ever. with the dispit U in the World, sta'i ig
that Grant and his stall' were at Cairo on the
It! h tost.
The New Ci-'imikscy. We understand
that s'jvi r.d lfiilli n i:i the ten dollar rotes of
o ..v r.v,in en n ri vri nt i ne 1 1 casus)-
m Richmond. Anew Itatch of fifty cent
hot s is ready, and the issni. g of tlnm wiil
probably comiT.ence to-day, to siib-.ivc th?
put poses of clMnge. S tli hoard- rs of nn.i'l
ntes, in the t xpectatiou of a premium, will
i:'-t ttali.o much by their niggardness.
(i.i.Aittxu the Beck.-- The Federal camp in
Cub-eppcr has been the cciie ed CiMisidrial le
pleasure taking during the winter; many -eel--.'
wives having been there, nitd balls nnd
oth-r festivities frequent. We learn ilmt wiilnn
a few da js the holies have all been sent otJ. ThU
looks like clearing the deck fur action.
The iMnvihe Appeal says a Yankee wne cap
tured in t'iswe:l.coiitiiy, N. C, ad ly or two h-.j,
lb- ' iid hebclnngi'd to Baldgrvn's raiding pal t; ,
H'ol was ncpart ted Irom his Kgin.cnt while m-nr
l!ie-htno:.d-, and has been straggling ever since.
Ii-:.;i Mis. Mary L. Ilfow n, w i of the
Il-ei. Ihdfor.l Brown, died at the residence of
le t- huslnnd.iti Caswell Coti.dy, NrO.. rcfcit
ly aged 75 years.
Mrs. Gen. L;,e is .very active in b halff
th-4 sold tars ; and has ret all the ytaing ladies
in Richmond ktiittittrr for them.
A lot of goods recently st len at R .nie. G.i..
were found in posj,esim of thrCe of the local
pi ovost guard
The Democrats have been gaining- lann-ly
in ! e New York townshiri elections.
P. ast .Tennessee. We Invo thf! Brist ,
Advocata of the 10 ins4?., which contains ij-.
tereslirlg u.form.i'ioti ns to affairs iu this ac
tion. Oi the Gth and 7th in-t. (Jen. Long-f-tleet
off-red the eueiov battlo, which ihev
de.-lii cd. O.i the 0th Mir forces etule iv..r 1
t iLitik a p u tioti of the t:emyV column, near
Mossy Cteek. at.d after a sharp skirmih
they retreated ttr Strawberry Plains. Skir
UiishiTig : is all that can be go out of the Yatdcee
aroy of List Tenne.scco
. In one of the skirmishes referred to NJ.ijor
(J .fortn, son of J. S. Goforth. Ksq., the ru r
getic stijieintendent of the East Tennessee'
and Virginia railroad, was severely, ami
Lieut. Bibbs slightly wontoled.
The enemy are said to be entirely without
cavalry, and wholly destitute .f wagi f. r
even foraging purposes,' and hey are stealiog
the la.-t morsel of f.id left in tle hamls c?
Citizens in thnt vincinity. Apul.
Gereral Wool lias published, in one ef the
Albany p,pers, hi 'plan of subjugating the
.Smth. He would have 2.!0,000 men nnd' r
Gen. Grant, and as many more timh r Geti.
Mevde, moving upon the enemy at e-nce an.j
ith irresistible power.
Charles A. Weed, of Stamfoid Conn," has
purchas-d the estate of Sec. J. P.. Ber j iniin,
on the Mississippi river. no;ir B ttoii R t. fur'
140,000, it bing sold under the Yankeo
confiscation act.
Four Ca.ndidatc,. Tnerc are now four
candidates regularly in the field for the vi-e-aucy
-created in the 7th (N. C.) Gmgrefwio.ial
ehstnet by the death of II m. S. II. Christian,
viz : Hon. J. M. Leach, Wm. P. Tax lor M
Q Waddell, and A. G. Foster. ' '
aXGRESS AND GeohuIA LEtilSl.ATfRE.
J ne Macem Telegraph understands that' the
(.mmittee on Cnfetlcrate Ilelations in tho
Georgia L-gisliturc, have reported suhstanti
ally that they saw nothing in the recent acts
f Cjugress requiring t"je interposition of tho
General Askembly.
1. ...
A Tbearuuk. A little biv, ploughing on
the outskirts of Columbia, (fa.t a fcw t7ays
ago, turned up an old. iron ta.x e.-nt tiidi,' -lifty
dollars in. gold and silver.