V r Jj
C ot?.T
uu- .i.:
9
CONFL'DEiU
a. 2i. wOBHlX & CO., Proprietors;
TERMS :
wv ft t ptm Tin. . for 6 months
a
H I u
TRl-WEESLY,fraontk3.
rvrv-T.r FnTTION.for months..
Xosuoacriptionswill be rewired on any other
tefms tbtn the above, nor for alonger or shorter
i
periou.
$10
, 20
10
30
15
20
jj
VOL. 1.
RALEIGH, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1865.
NO. 45.
We surrender our columns to-day, to the
proclamation of Gov. Vance. It is a bold,
frank and eldest document. It cakes an
caiatst appeal to the people of tbe State; it
warns the of tbe dingers which surrey J
it aanoutces the evils which exisu
anions them-; and It urges them to that har
mony of esatirceni, aod.ccanimity cf action,
wfclw ae cseniul for csoaps from tbe prrila
by which ttey'aro beset.
In conclusion, tha Governor recommend
meetings of the people loyal meetings
wherein the jiecple may give expression to
their response to the insulting terms whicb
the federal authorities would oek to imposa
upon U3. e "be UFU" rr
the Governor's proclamation.
t
Each development from the Yankee sources,
dlse'.oses a near acd additional enormity of
outrage in their dealing towards us. We have
already shown bow earnestly Mr. Stephens
urge! a temporary recognition of tha States
of the Confederacy, or its government, with
h t f this temnorarv teconi.ition
usaur.i tea ! 1
BY THE GOVERNOR: ,
A PROCLAMATION,
TO TSE PEOPLE OF BOTH CAROLINA.
Wbesbu. It i8 incumbent cn me by virtoe
of the high tnuts-yoar partiality has conferred
imou me to watch with vigilance oxer your
welfare, guard with fidelity your interesta; and
warn you of every approaching danger:
Now therefore, I, ZEBULON B. VANCE,
Governor of the said State, ac'uatea by a
eacred secse of duty and love of country, do
dee; it necessary to address you in this man
ner in reeard to the d&ngeTg aod duties of tbe
present time;-earnestly praying that it may
be conducive to harmony and good will, wuare
in only ia to be found a safe and honorable de
liverance frcrn ail our troubles. It is known
to you all, that in the beginning ot uieee trou
bles. North Carolina was bo decidedry opposed to
imitatin the secession cf hsr Southern sisters,
thatauytaucsnpt to force her to do so by even
a majority of her people, prior to the Procla
mation of Lincoln in 1861, would most likely
have resulted in civil wor, wag our cwn citi
zens. It pleased G&d, bowev&r, to prevent
thU nalamitv and to calm all the fierce pas-
eion3 of parly bitterness, and to cause the most
perfect unaoimity by raeaos cf that Proclama
tion, which riacd before us the diro necessity
of either, assisting or 6iaugnteriDS r uw
.uv-u. nwwiflfitrr.nld he effected, i fcrAthM and friends. Interest, fconor
c.uu .,- . I I"'" thv coaiiCed to decide us upon resistance
Thia wai nfusrd. Then nr. iiun;cr
the Inquiry whether, if the Unioa were re
Etorcd, the Sutes would be allowed to send
their Reprcscatativc-s to Congress. L4aee4n
replied that that would rest with Congress to
decide.
.-. trnrx Award's rooort to
mUC, 1 afrK '-.
Mr. Adams, the United States Minister to
Kn-Und, that our coBBiiselouera proposed to
pcne the discussion of the question cf
ecparation, and, in the meantime, to discuss
other matters, thereby affording time for paa
rion to cool, arms to bo laid adc, aod trade
acd ictercvursc to be established. It was su
gtsteil by them, that if this were, done, we
Should have immediate ptace, with a cerUin
prospect of an ol'.imate satisfactory adjust
inent of political relations between the Gov
ernment and States cf each "section and peo
ple.
for a sirap'e truce or prmistice, iq opt-n j
Wiy for negotiations. The reply vas no
tutrxnsion of hostilities could be allowed,
except oa the condition that we would disband
our armies, and MibrcU to FedoiiS authority,
Thus, our enrmfcs refused to stay the mur
derous bullets to step the fari jus slaughter
anh P5 we wu'd degrade ourselves by a hu
miliating submission, and surrender of our
whole cauo.
Public Sfetiog in Chapel Eill-
VTo nuderand that - meeting waa held in
Chapel Hill a. few days bItsco, to Tesppnd to
the tenna held out by Lincoln ; at which, pa
trioiic rcsolu'ioos were intrcniuced and passed.
At that meeting, Mr. Samorl F. Phillips is
iid to have moved to strike out the preamble
and first resolution, and t have accompanied
his motion with a ppcech, in which he ep-
and -Mh-nked God he baa
to what ail uoiiea in coaajiuK vv.
and wicked war upon the homes atd liberties
of the South. With unexampled z. tl we en
tered into the war, rushed forward our bravest
Bons, and poured cut cur richest treasures. -Vith
immense 'sacrifices, and varying fortunes,
we contined the struggle, e:ill with great una
nimity for years. About the end of the third
year, however, a portion of our people in com
moawith many others . tbrougacut the South,
sang how our best citizens were fall icg, - and
how our fairest lauds were deecJated, be
gan to urge that peace should be scught for
by negotiations ao well as by the swerd. They
argued that our Confederate authorities,
moved by pride of opinion and. embittered by
the lei gtVand fierceness of the conflict, had
not made a sufficient trial of statesmanship as
a means of stopping the war ; that no doubt
if properly approacbtd, either commissioners
appointed by our common government, or by
the States separately supposing diplomatic
TACftno wnnld nrevent the enemy frem treftt-
ith thii former that our enemy would
i f . n UMof ttrmi tli fin Wfi had tUDCOSOd.
In other word our commissioners nsea ;:,Tf to W honest effort
. . 1 JK. U VI k ' M. U lflft,i' - - - -
at negotiations should be spurned by the ene-
ct cr reiectd, thee all clasaca and conduions
r,f ffipn in the South would unite in an earnest
prosecution of 1he ar. This was the first se
rirsns annroach to a division among cur people.
:Mr,.tt:;-:iur ith tha reAwo Dabtenea3 of this
demend. thoueh not with all the reasons given
for heiievins in its efficiency, and being as sin
cerely dceircus as it was possible for man to
bo, to stop the waroa houorble Uos, I, na
70ur Governor, addressed President Da is in
December 1883, and urgeiTthis course upon
him. in answer thereto, he assured me that
three sei.arate and distinct eiforts hd been
mado to treat with the enemy, without obtain
ing: cvao a hearing and that he did net see how
a fourth OUOCOUIU oe lnmsieu irnuwui ixutuiii-
aiien to ourselves and injury to cur cause.
Trusting that Providence would yet open
the wav. the- mailer rested hero for another
rtl V however, of our people, wno
aAwnppApjl eace upon such vr.g-ue and ill
defined frws "as to cause donbts of their good
a!t and icalty, continued seduously to dis
srmmate the opinion, that onr own govern
;nent alone was to blame for the continuance
of tbe war, going so far income instances as
to threaten revolutionary measures lor wrest
ing the treaty-making power from its hands,
and negotiating with the enemy ourselves,
alleging that we could certainly get sachr
tcrms if the States would act in their sover
eign capacity, as would secure our property
.?a ,Utc hv reconstruction. Sioce the be-
C.UU V" "J
ginning of ihe present year, however, two
individuals from tho North having visited
Richmond on a peace mission, by toeauinor
ity of Presideat Lincoln, and having, as our
President Eupp-sed, opened the way ior
another efl&t at negotiation, it was promptly
made. He immediately sent a detegatiou
through the lines for that purpose, consisting
cf Vice President Stephens, Judge Campbell,
late of the Supreme Court cf the United
States, and tho Hn. E. M. T. Hunter, Con
federate States- Senator, from the State of
Virginia, men all eminent for their abilities,
public eervicea, and the ions continued confi
dence and respect of their countrymen. The
first two are well known to have opposed the
beginning of this war, and to sympathize
with the general desire for negotiations.-
They were met at Fortress Monroe, by Presi
dent Lincoln, acd Mr. Seward, his Secretary
of State, who, without allowing them to leave
the boat oa wuicu tnoy arrived, toia lucm
what appears in the following official report :
Rickmokd, Feb. 5, 1865.
tho re-establishment of that authority must be'
acceptad cut and out. Individuals subject to
pains and penalties under tbe laws of the
United States, might relv npon a ver liberal
use of thcDOw&r confided u him? to - resit
these pains and penalties, if peace be restored j
during suca conference,
The proposed amendments te the Conatio
tion, adopted by Congress on tbe 31st nit,
were brought to oar notice. These amend
ments provide that neither slavery net invol
untary servitude, except for crime, should ex-
ist within the United States or in any plac
within its jurisdiction, and Congress ebould
have.power to enforce the amendments by ap
propriate legUtion. Of all the correspondence
herein mentioned and leading to tho same,
yon havo heretofore been informed.
Very resp-ctfully,
. Yoar obedient servants,
(Signed,) A. H. STEPHENS,
R. M. T. HUNTER,
J. A. CAMPBELL,.
Tbu you see that neither terms nor con
&itrn! were spoken of in the interview, hut
only subjugation ofleied us, the mere details of
which they proposed t06ettle. At one blow,
all our hopes in tbe humanity and model a
tion of eur.nemies were dashed to the ground.
No terms or proposals of a treaty coming
either from the Confederate States; or any
one vf tbe S'ateg Would be eatertaiued, but a
complete, abolate and unconditional submis
sion to tho Constitution and" laws of the
United States, is required as a preliminary
step to any, even the slightest cessation of
hostilities. Seeing then that we can treat
with the enemy, neither hy the authorities of
tbe Confederate States, nor by separate State
action, what will be the result if we submit,
as we are required to do 7 This wo can part
ly judge by examining that constitution and
tkae laws, to which we. are rrquired to yield
obedience. That constitution is not the one
we left. In addition to the changes it has
undergone by corrupt and violent interpre
tation by Black Kepubliean judges, its word
ing .b"s been so changed as to decree im
meuhitely and forever, the abolition of slavery.
The "laws' to whose tender mercies we are
frcsi craven ta ft trattoroaa, as ftoman
hdbesi but mistaken spirit. Great as our
calamities have been, straigbteoed as wa are
mA.'' 11 1? 1 .1 1 A 1
ior an cupppuea, uoui oi men ana material,
I' tell van, ia all candor, thai when I em
vtV the condition by the l'rght of hman his-
tery,-1 see no ia&ger wjatcn tnroatens to oe
fatal ..to onr cause, except this depression of
spirit among the" people and the etlll more
fesrful nsk cf internal dissenwon. ' So long
aev we remain one and determined, it is net in
tti power of onr enemies to subdue us. "But
except these abide in the ship, ye cannot b
saved." All. things may be supplied if we
wero bnt possessed cf that bold and caaaly
spirit of resistance to tyranny, of which lib
erty and independence are born. That alone
can fill the widow's barrel and still the or
phan's cry, can cast cannons and build ships
ef war ; can raise np armed men from the
dust of tbe dragon's teeth, can wrest tangible
realities from the very jaws of impossibitity.
Without it, numbers but add -to theigssssb
ny of certain defeat, even as-the Persian mil
lions were whipped and shamed by the three
hundred in the mountain pass. Are our men
all slain ? Over foot hundred thousand names
yet stand upon the muster-rolls of. tb e Con
federacy, to eay nothing of toe many thou
sands who shirs. "Where are they ? Thou
sands npon thousands absent without leave,
are lurking in tbe woods aud swamps of the
South- Are onr provisions all gone 7 Huw
dreda of thousands of bushels of grain cor
rot ai the various depots of the South fo
want of transportation ; and this transporta
tion cannot, be protected because the absent
soldiers are not at the post of doty. Oh I my
countrymen I if ytu would but rise te entreat,
to shame, to drive them back to their coun
try's standard. Has our territory been over
run ? It has, bat how much of it has been
held? -The enemy marched triumphantly
through theheart of our Eiater Georgia, and
is she conquered ? Except for the garrison
at Savannah aud the ashes cf desolation on
their track through the interior, Georgia has
neither enemy nor the sign ot au enemy on
her soil. So of most portions of tbe south.
which space doe3 not permit me to enumer
ate. For four years, their countless legions
have gnawed a.t the 7itals of Virginia, yet to
day they claim not even all of her territory
TELEGRAPHIC.
K SPORTS OF TUB PRESS ASSOCIATION.
Confederate Coczrets.
- RICHMOND, Feb. li-Ia tke Senate , a bill
for rawing 200,000 aegre troops was reported
back front the committee oa Hilitary affairs, with
ac amendment. Peadieg the farther conaldara
tua of the exemption bill, the Senate reiolred iv
let f into aaeret ftamioa.
Ia the Heaae the appropriation hill Was per
fected and passed. - The tax bill was referred to a
special committee. Nothing else ofinWrel.
rettned. provide most minutely and particu
.. .. . .il rWiir thntl , aim nnf Avon Oil Al t Hr I I'l r ! 1 1 1 1 N
! ir!v for the poiiilnEot or deata 6y mo nai- y vu.
rr.cf tM,W,,, KMiar, nlldr or marine, "P"J -- "1
civilian ana umers, wuu utb mu&h&u -- - . , - - . . ivjr
i M,JMi,oiHrt. Nnt rmsinff to stand npon, and tno waters ridden by their
1U TJ liai WUC ' W v....vU. - O -I .1 II ., . . 1 H L .U y....
nr wh wifli tbo riil. of the offender, the neew, are an tuai mey reany nuiu,
Mas" of the United States alo provide hold, except by our ignore consent.
u I Let the balance of our cities go;flio&ikf
J1" '1 V r ' - I nl4,!fW, Wilmlno-tnn. Richmoiid. all. and
ped the wr,
never been iatrumental hi getting any. one
lato it." Whereupon he was reminded by
Mr. Jones Watwn, that, in 18G1, be made
eprochesi ior the war, aud induced soldiers to
volunteer.
We should be glad to hear more of thi3
meeting, and to bo informed exactly of Mr.
Phillip's course. By and by, Mr. Phillips
will become known to tho people of North
Carolina.
be cocficiiLcd. Tho only mitigation ot'tbe
rieor threatened by thoa 'laws, is contained
in Mr. Lincoln's proclamation accompany icg
his annual message in Psccmbcr 18G3, in
which'he proposes to hang only thoso r.bave
i.crank of Colonel in the aimy aod Lieuten
ant in the navy, and all oivil aud diplomatic
f.fScers or a2entj of the Confederate Govern.
meat, and various other lasses therein speci
fied: coupled with a vagus intimation q cur
if we -are determined to be free our subjuga
tion is anito as distant as evor. For thank
God, the Confederacy dees cot consist in
brick and m;rtar, or particular spots .ot
ground, however valuable they may be in a
military point of view. Our natraaality con
sist in our people. Liberty-dwells in the
heart of her votaries, and the raggeo, nare-
footed soldieT standing in the depths of tno
forest, or in the shadow of the mountain, can
Yfo were informed by a gentleman on
yesterday, who ia just from Richmond, that
enr Co&grese.onal delegation are thoroughly
united ia favor of ruAintuinicg tho war to the
last, rather than submit to the degrading terms
offered by the enemy. Prominent (aid he)
traocg those who despise acd spurn the wicked
efforts of our foe at subjugation, is Dr. J. T.
Leach. We are not at all supri3ed at this.
While we have been obliged to criticise, in
sharp terms, the past policy of tho Doctor, we
have always given him credit for courage and
h,iufAtv z and we have never doubted that he
-j ,
would follow his convictions.
It would bo of vast importance to our peo
pie, if tho delegation would unite la a mani
festo to the people, on the sobject of " union
and harmony ;" aod as soon as possible, if they
will prepare to meet the people, and coiafer
with them how best to employ the resources
of the country for the maintenance of the
ctuse.
CciiuuxiCATioxs. When communications
: : ,.,r. in tl.ui rncnt InfprvlAW that
whilst we must prepare to accept all tho pains offer her sacrifices, which will be as sweet
i ij: i nmVf An - and as acceotable as those proffered in gor-
liberal ug-a of the pardoning power, vested in geous tmiipjes in the midst of magnificent
Hnlinf0rsiiRthat the terms set cities. So if our country and its cause, like
fftri'h ?n Wi recent message of December last,
wherein ho re-endorses the above mentioned
proclamation will bo rigidly adhered to
Knir. then, wo can sum up, in some sort,
rnnKpnQpnfiea of our submission. Four
hundred thousand of
whom have been in arcua against ns, tamed
lniMA-at once in our midst, our lauds confica-
ted, and sold cut to pay the coat of onr sub
jugation, or parcelled among negro soldiers,
&n the reward of the slaughter of their mas-
rc . r.nr wnrnfiu. children and old men re
duced to beggary, and driven from their ence
hormv homes: our nnuuaieu auu uivssdcu.
wldiers, starving ia rags from door to door,
3purned by even pensioned negro soldiers,
whilst the gallows grows weary tinder the
harden of eur wisest statesman and bravest
to tbe kingdom of God, he enthroned in our
hearts, then, indeed am I persuaded, that
neither principalities nor powers, nor things
present ner things to come, nor height nor
depth, nor life nor death, nor any other crea
ture shall be able to separate us from that in
dependence and honor for which our people
have suffered and our sons have dUd.
Therefore, my countrymen, having waraed
you of this danger which is upon us, I now
appeal to yon by everything held sacred
among men, to bear yourselves aa becomes
your high lineage and future hopes. I implore
yon to lay down all party bitterness, and to
be reconciled to your neighbor foi the sake of
your country ; to u;o every possible exertion
to restore absentees to the army : to divide of
your abundance freely with the poor and tho
Korthern Kews.
RICHMOND, Fob. IS. Nertkern paper f
the 11th, pobliehes Lincoln's message relative U
tSe Hampton Roads conference, iaolading all let
ter' and telegrams.
JZZ5p.ujMt after Blair j retorted from Blah
od, he?lff wlti him a letter from Davie to
Blair, expression; a willingnesa to renew the ef
fort to enter into a conference with a vtew to e
curo peace to the two countries. Lineoln. hy
way of reply, addressed a note to Blair, expres
sing a willingnesa to receirt' any agents, ia forir.ai!y
a-ct, with a view to eeeuro peace to the people
of onr common conn try. Sabreqneat correspon
dence explains the detention of the Commission
ers, at Petersbnrg at: City Point, in the ahsoceo
ef.GFVaot, who received their application topasa
through hie lines, apd telegraphed to Washiatnn
for instruction!, Lincoln sent Msjr T. C. Ueksrt,
with a message prepared for him, o be dvlivet
to the Commissioner!, allowing them to pass
through onr lines for an informal etnfereoce on
the basis of Linconln'a note, to Blair. In th
meantim, the Commissioners applied to Grant,
who had retnrned, for permission to pats through
his lines, -jmiih a view of aseertaing npon what
terms ths war may- bo terminated . In pnrinanco
of the coarse indicated by Liaeoln In said letter
to Blair-, Grant allowed them to pass, the lines,
ad. proceed to City Point, whero they wero de
tained until the arrival of Rekart. Before hii
arrival, the Commissioners addressed another note
to Grant, expressing a desiro to go to Washing
ton to confer informally- with the President in
reference to matters mentioned in hit letter to
B lair. Rekart delivered his message to the Com
missioners, and says bo rjceived an unsatisfactory
rei lj. He notified the Commissioners that they
co aid not proceed farther, nnless they complied
with the terms expressed in bis letter.
At this Junction, Grant telegraphed to Btanton
that he was coatiaed of the goud intuntioos of
Stephens end Hooter, and of their desire to re
store peace and union. Their letter tt him was
a!' Linen's instructions contemplated. Lincoln
replied, requesting Grant to inform tho gentle
men that he would meet them at Fortress Monroe.
"While Lincoln was enronfe, the Commissioners
snt another note to Rekart, expressing a willing
ness to proceed to Fortress Uenroe to hate en
informal conference on the basis of Lincoln's letter
to JJlair, or upon any other terms or conditions
he may hereafter purpose, not iacoDsiitaat with
tbe essential principles of self-government, and
popnlar rights, upon which onr institutions are
founded. They further expressed anxiety to
establish a most honorable peace withoat. tbe
cfTu'ion of blood, promising their wtmost effbrs
to accomplish each a reso.lt.
Lincoln's statement of the interview is confir
matory to tbe report of onr commissioners.
Asa bis ultimatum, ho says they seemed to
dedre the adoption of some course which might
or might not, lead to re-union.
General news unimportant.
ADVERTISING.
ADTECTIBEMEhTS will be laserted at taut
nonais per snare of ten Haas (or less) for oaek
insertion. Uarriage noUces and ebltoarles wlllbe
ebargedas advertisements.
JOB WORK.
JOB Tf OKK'of every description will bt
seated at this Office with diepateh, and as neatly
as can bo done anywhere in tho Southern Con
weather will permit, with a large force of eav
airy and mounted infantry
MO BILK, Feb. 14. A 'special iispatch to the
Advertiser, frem SoaatobU. to tho llth, sajsr
Momphls dispatches of the Tth and 8th havo been
rocclvod. Tho Uearald's Washington rpocial cor
respondent aajs, those In petition for knowing, re
gard the result of tho poaea negotiation ti very far
from a total failure. The Washington Chronicle
says the only condition to 'an honorable place
has been declined by tho Rebel Commiasioaers ;
that condition being n restoration ef the Federal
Union and obedience to the laws of Corgresa.
.Tho .Tin: fpcrial eays. Lincoln aaecred the
Cocimiaslonerf ;tbat If tho South would return to
tho Union, nnder the Constitution, they would
bo treated with the almost liberality, bnt withoat
that recognition, war mast and would go on.
neither side yielded a hair's breadth. Lincoln
and Seward returned to Washington, and the
I roeult of the conference was laid before tho Cabi
not who endorsed Lincoln's coarse, and are
unanimous In a determination that the war" mast
continue
The Comfeirrcial's Washington special sayat It
is asserted that Lincoln will issue a proclamation
'showing. tho result of the peace negotiations,
urging the people to fill up the ranks tor a moro
i Af II.. mmmr
Gold in Kcw Yotk on the Sth was 21S.
defenders ; to say nothing of universal finan- suffering ; to strengthen the arms ol your
ueienaere . 10 j u rrvaft!nn ,j a riers. and to sustain vour soldiers and their
nnj ruin ikuu mu ij wlv..v v. . . . , .
ramcions and vindictive foe, in the hoar of Generals; and tp give cheerfully your aid
ourconouest. Great God I is there a man in physical, mantel, and moral, m whatever
all this honorable, high-spired and noble sphere you may be, to ore vent the degradation
;,,nwplth. aa steened in every conceiva- of your country, ?.ud Ihe ruin of its people.
b!e meanness, so blackened with all tho guilt por the parpose of determining the best j
of treason, or so damned with all the leprosy tt cans of accomplishing this, as well as for
of cowardice, as to say, yes, wo will submit giving expression to your opinions, I earoest-
to&li this 1 and whilst there yet remams a lj recommend tht you assem Die in primary
K,if iilinn mon amongst us able to resist! I mectinffs in everv county in the State, aud
And who says the enemy will give us any- j jet the whole world and especially our enemies
u Mt ? Not Mr. Lincoln : and do the I a how a free peeplo can meet a proposition
weak3 aod the yacciilatlog arcoDg Us, know I for their absolute submission to the will ef
better, than he does, what be win do ior ns i thtUponcuerors.
Fren Rlchmondi
RICHMOND, Feb. H.-One thoasaad and fifty
returned Confederate prisoners are expected from
Tarina to-morrow. It is undererood that tho
exchange of prisoners will now proceed regularly.
No later Yankee papers to-night.
To the President of the Confederate Statu :
Sir Under ycur letter .of appointment of
Commissioners of the 23th, we proceeded to
seek an informal conference witii Abraham
Lincoln, President cf the United States npon
the subject mentioned in your .letter. The
conftreuco was granted and took place on the
Sr.? inst.. on board a steamer anchored in
arc written to us, charging political aeuu- . xiampton Koads where we met rres:ceut im-
unenev. the accuser-should be willing, if neces- coin and Ecu. Mr. beward, becretary l sstate
i . . .
sary, to giveliis name. Otherwise, the traitor
id made to assume the responsibility for iacts
not within hU knowledge ; and which he is
debarred from making good. Such commu
nications cannot bo ujd.
uinimA therefore a fair and honest
effort to obtain peace by negotiatipn, and know
ig now precisely, from ihe lips of the Presi
dent of the United States, what we are to ex
pect, what are we to do next? There is only
one thing left for ns to do. We must fight,
my ceuutrymen, to the last extremity, or sub
mit voluntarily to our own degradation. Let
no man mistake the issue now. The liee of
distinction will be drawn plainly between those
urV.o a for their oountrv. and those who are
uaain st their country. There is no half-way
. i . i it..
r--n Given under my nana- ana tno
l. 8. V great Seal of tho State, in onr Uty
Jwy j cf Raleigh, on the 14th day of Febru
ary, A. D., 1865.
Z. 3. VANCE.
By the Governor :
A. M. McPhbetebs, Private Secretary.
For tho Confederate.
Mb. Bniroa : I have read in the columns
now burning throughout the land, and its eick and wounded soldiers now in the hospitals
consuming flames must separate the dross
from the true metal. Degradation, ruin and
the one band, liberty, indepen
dence and honor, if our souls be strong, on tbe
Fins in Fatettev ills. The Telegraph of
the 14th, says:
The stirring peals cf the fire-be!! startled
our citizens from their usual quieton yesterday
about 10 o'cbik a, ro., and in a short time it
ECcmcd that everybody was hurrying in the
direction of a deVe tmrke that rose near the
graveyard. We repaired to the spot and
found that tbe burning building was one owned
by the Fayettevillc Manufacturing Company
and eccur.icd by Mr. Jas. P. Reynolds, one of
its employees. The house was totally de
stroyed, but most of its contents weTe saved.
The Arsenal engine, under Capt. C. R. Backs,
w ss there acd although arriving Joo late to
cive any assistarQo in savisg the honse in
ior the United States. It continued for seve
ral boors and was both full and explici. Wo
lTneil from them that the message of Prcsi-
ArrA Lincoln to the Cone-rets o the United-
Stales ia Decern Ut last explains clearly and
distinctly'hie sentiments as tu tho terms, con
ditions, "and rrode of pneseding by .which
jiraca could be secured to tha people and we
were net informed that they would ce modi
ficd or altered to attain that etd . We under
stood frt m him that no' tern. o: proposals of
any treaty or agreement looking to an ulti
mate siittlenitnt would he entertained or made
by him with the authorities of the Confederate
States because that would bo-a recognition of
their existeccs as a stperate power, whilst un
der no circumstances would be dend, and for
like reasons that no such terms would be en
ter' sited by him from States separately, that
to extended truce or armistice as at preaent
'advised would be granttd or alUAved without
a f-atisfactory assurance m rwivaLce ot tnc com
rBjnmtiit oi tlif. anthcritv of the Con
stitution and lawa ef the United Stat
ies over
- . . . j. i
other. Ia it cot worm anouter nones -sua
manly effort? Aye, another, and another,
aod another, and a thousand efforts, of our
. . 1. A. P.vnlinianfL fieSCCIl-
5 it;. h nt fftthora and nnt in ieonardv their lives for our
brothers of the noblest dead and Uving soldiers fence-all siting, fd Pdgig gam heir
... - . j . I . . j i:A, ftis will TP&w t hair
in this city. My object is tocau toe aiusnuen
of eurcitixens,:and the' men of the 8tate, to
this noble, exampi e"ef eoldiers prostrated by die-!
ease, contracted by exposure, privations an?
hardships in the service of their country for
fp-nft-voldiera wounded, and compelled
ju . . V t
to retired from tne trencnee men wao nair
Hrflw a bUde for human freedom, we
cannot tolerate the thought of each base and
infamous submission
fortunes and lives, that they will renew their
.rAra tA win mdenenaence.
VUVIW " . . m mm .
Rouse up for suaae, uten, bodb oi nww
x - aIm il n i awn San 4 It A
I - xS-m Avalwn ajJ on awKawaa 4tlA
and invite all these fearful consequences upon
ourcoontry, we would live to have our chu
.dren curse our grey hairs for fastening our
dishonor npon them.
I trust and believe that there will be little
difference of opinion in North Carolina asto
il. -nn4Atv nf ron tinned resistance. The
UC U1UU1'-J ,
your attention, if youwiU refleet on it, wUI
fire up your nearw iio m bm.
a magixine. It aust awaken you to a sense of
dutytoyow country. Boose n, then, ay
fellow-citiiens. The eafetyof your familioe
Anar,A aa it. Your loved ones appeal to yon,
S Tt van to nrotect them. Tour coun-
cuUvr-v-
?rreat arenmeat which will be brought for ' f Carolina. at once, and repair to the
ward to shake your honor, are intendfcdte in- frcnt with alacrity.
cite yon to despair, will be that successful re- Let us all assemble in the Capital Square,
sibtaoce is no longer possible. Some will tell wUb the statue ef . the farther of his country,
ou that we are already subdued ; that the Geergc Washington, iif-viow. and m the pres.
Lemy outnumbers us, that our fighting men enoe of cur Oed pledge ourselves, one to tho
Tve ail slain : our resources exhausted and .we other, that we will never cease .our efforts, until
Rie an biaiu , uai iwup.v .tv- a onnvAHBJid our iBden6ndenc6
mioht rh well submit now. xnw, my wuu- j our nKu. :nbii
Uoirederftte Conrrcsi .
RICHMOND, Fob. 14. The Senate adopted
the report of the Committee of confarence on "j
bill to promote the efioieney of the Cavalry.
After debate, also passed the Senate bill rega
lating the business of conscription. The Senate
then resol red itself into secret session.
In tho House of Representative, Ut. Barkt
dale, from the special Committee to whom
was referred the biU introduced hy htm relative
to the employment of negroes as soldiers reported
hack said bill, with racemaeondation that it pass.
, It was made the special order for Thursday.
Mr. Miles asked and obtained leave to print tbe
minority report, from the same Committee.
The report of tbe committee of conference on
the billto promote the eficlency of tbo eavalry
was adopted.
The;billto pnnish fronds against tho govern
ment was rejected. 8overal "bills were consider
ed and passed, including the Bouse hill for tho
organization of field artillery. The Honee then
resolred into secret session.
Seward's Report to MUUtcr Adams
B1CHM05D, Feb. 14. Seward, in his report
to Minister Adams, of the -late conference, says
whit tbe insurgent party seemed chiefly to favor
was the postponement of the question of separa
tion, apon which the war was waged, and a mntnal
direction of efforts oa the part ofoar government
ns well aa that of the insurgents, to some extrin
sic policy or scheme for a season, daring which
passions might bo expected to subside, and armies
bo reduced, trade aad uterceese, between tho
people of both seetioaw bo returned. It was sag
gested by them, that through such postponement
we might new have immediate peace, with some
now very certain prospect of an ultimate satiafac
tor y adjustment of political relations between tbo
Government and States of each section and people
now esgaged ia conflict with it. The raggestien,
though deliberately considered, was nevertheless
regarded by tho President aa oae of armistice or
truce ; and he anaomneed that wo can agree to ne
ettspeasioa of hostilities, except oa a basis of a dia
bandmcnt of the insurgent forces, aad a restora
tion of tho national authority throughout tho
States ef the Union.
HorU&rn Hews, .
' RICHMOND, Feb. 14. The Yankte papers
say Thomas sad Wilson are about to sweep
through Mtohttippi, aid Alahaaa ej soa the
Brigadier General Jehu D. Winder.
In our Issae day befero yesterday, we an
nounced the sudden death of this ifficer, and
now append a brief sketch of hia military life.
The deceased was a eon of Maj. Gen. Wan. IT.
Winder, of Md., who commanded trooos ot
that State In the war of 1312. lie was bora
in &cnereet county lid., Feb., 1800. At the
age of sixteen he entered West Point, from
which he graduated with enviable distinction
in 1 820, and was commissioned as Lieutenant
In the United States army and eu tared at once
npon frontier service, where ho continued
during the Florida war, earning therein tho
promotion to rank ef captain in the first regi
ment of the Unltcl States artillery, with
which he waa connected at tbo breaking out
nf th Mexican war. to which field of action
his command was iflemcJutely trAnaferre.
Here his true sdierly qualities and gallantry
won him such distinction thai on tho tatt'e
field ef Chcrubusco be was honored with pro
motion to the rank of MaW. ilia participa- ,
tiou, (la this new and Dolly won ncsitiou.)
ia the taking of tho city of Mexico, the last net
of that bloody drama, again crowned him with
honor as he was there rewanfed with a Litut.,.
Colonel's commlsslsn by Grnral Scott. Sub
sequently the rank ef Colonel was le?towed
npnhira ac a recognition of his merit.
At the period of tho commencement of tho
present war, he was on a brief visit to hia
family, in the city of Ililtimore, aud on the
20th of iprll. 18C1, the day succevdiag the
: successful attack npon VlaSfcachuKtta troops
in tbat city, no rorwaroca nis romgnauoa as
- m. m . 1
an otucerot tho United awc3 army at n asn
inzton. and tendered his services to tho Con-
federacy. Too ranK x urigjaior uenerai
was promptly conferred upon him by Pres
ident Da7ls, he baring while Bccretiryef
War ef the United States, hid full oppor
tunity .nf acquainting himself with tho capac
ities and fitness of the lamented decayed for
high position and Important trout, as evinced
inhis being immediately assigned to tho com
mand of the.departmcnt ot Uearicg, embra
cing the city of Richmond and tea miles sur
rounding. In July, 1864, he was transferred to the
command of Confederate Statos prison camps
in the State of Georgia, and a short time
since was appointed Commissary General ef
prisone, which embraced the immediate ooaa
nand of all prisons East of the HlsdhVippi,
which position ho held at the time of hid
death.
In every position wMeh he hai bcn placed
hia official conduct has been marked by strict
probity . energy and promptness, and that
kind consideration towards all whose official .
relations made them sibordlaato to him,
which unmistakably attested a nobis r.nd
genial nature ; while In private life, as bus.
band, father and true friend, bis memory can
never cease to be sincerely cherished.
Ho leaves in the service of tho Confetlcr
acy two eons, Captam W. 8 "Winder ard
Captain John C. Winder, and was hocoUfla
of Brigadier General Charles Wlndor, who
was killed wb ilo leading tho old titorowall
brigae'e at tho battle of Cedar Run, and also
ef Colonel Edward Winder, at prewnt a cors
rr.andor In the Confederate Wtatcs nary.
CiZumbia Sidh Carwlinicn.
For tho Confederate.
Bivouac Ist N.G. Bat. Shabp Sno-iTna,
February
Editor Cosfedmat : Tbe following is
a IUt of tbe casualties In this command, in
the battles on Hatchers Creek, en the 5tb,
6th and 7th lusts.
Company A, Iicnt. R. W. Wc-Jruu com
manding. Wounded Lieut. W. L. Watnoo,
feotsllghtly j Serg't llouruo May, hand and
leg, severely, andTn the bands of the enemy ;
Privates J. U. Snow, knee, severe; Jones
RhnWart. left arm amputated; Wm. Crews,
leg, slight ; Jones 2day, foot, severe. Mi?sing
Cerporal W. D. Ilrrlcgton, Private W.
G. Allen.
Comoany B. Deot C. A. Sbutty, comman
ding. Killed Private Ang. Shi ncc Woun
dedReuben Chilly, face, severe ; J. A. Hi
rer, breast, dlght. Mfesing A. A. Clcwell,
Luther Waugh.
It. K. WIL,3U,
Captain Commanding.
! '
SjaMBr PlUCTiCK TO Obtaik A WfiALTlir
Tbe Oeveland rtaindsalcr xr.cntk.sa
the case ef a welldres?ed young man, of
good manners, who gave ia hta Income te tho
asscasur at several thousand dollirs, paid tho
tax, and had the pleasure of seeing bis name
ic the list among the caWoe of the country.
Gn the strength of this, he courted a wealthy
man's daughter and married her. Ihe a it
wsia found out that ne naa no money, am nasi
rold hie mother's watch to pay the income
tax. The Government made n good thing
out cf It ; eo did the young mvi.
L'lAtit.' THAUUlEK C. JaKLf, of the -3rd N",
C. T., has been esslgned temporarily as Gem
mandant of the Poet of Rakish.
r:
S6'.a. irC""'US Knt ACiX ma, Utow from
trymcn, la laiso, rm