THE CONFEDERATE.
IV K OX ESD AT, May 25, 1861.
f
The Situation,
t . I '. n- ,.r ilin nilll i
-v affairs sli-ws mat irom toe nrss at- (
t'ntn tlir lino rf iUn fPC 111 !
r f irce vcr Gen. KJ. Jcbr.sm, and sric
t!l in enpturiug that officer with surue two
-. r.m.i pris mers and 15 piece uf artillery.
V.l 1 !.''? the liue was almost immediateljr
'! ,icnroiu,T ul't 1 - time, i linn- p
1 " ' nam
r.ab':sLi.andithasM may be Governor for two
in any inUa:e retired, lhe repulses ol ar3 ongeT.Staudard, May 27th, 1846.
(y fo hive l)?n attended, to him, with a "Many Whigs are disgusted with the conduct
1 Hill. -1 1 11. .
ili'ihter whully disproportionate to ours, ana j ot tiov. uranam ana nis utue anu w wu
;?n.up to Tu?idy the Oth.
It viu!d 3m that, at the la.st a vices the
ir.kee Gcner.il had extended his left, reti-
xz h's r'v,N aQl ';t7 I'J0? the line of the
river h:s main f ircc eat of the stream.
j ttn. L -. won! I swill to bo on the line of the
myj, mil ovenng- the leiegrapli road by
..wiin Grt-en to Richmond. The New
fY'jk lnfjii ie admits the effect of their heavy
f. i i jhtor, and claims that the utstioa is now
i ne of endurance.
Vjout our cHp .city, if it is to come to thia,
ire cm he no doubt. With comparative
tmall ls, after sjcJi desperate fighting ; with 'oW muc" ana now n,ce a "criminauon
ij-jW unimpaired, but emboldened, and a
1 . ...... ,:.,..: .. u , 1- tu.., : .
r
i ) dinztT on our side of Htraggling. desertion
r d? no-aliziM'.i:i ; while the disomfited,
t tt -1, rpu'e.l and disappointed crew, kept
finiri!c to create courage, arc fit subjects for
a'l the deleterious intluences to which we
lvc .dltldtd.
Add to this the impressive intelligence
iki.ioh reichs our gallant troops each day,
1hat Johnston has in a similar manner repul-
pl the r'pnate 1 assaults of S'lerman : That
l'ik Ta lor lias the Banks closed up: That
hi' rm h;is met, defeated and wounded Ave-
ti l; and that Breckinridge has utterly routed the justice or propriety of the accusation of
. tv... i -l ' . i i : i ow.irdira It to k nil r.xtr.ioidinarr nprr.pn
it:.e Pntrn rpige, art-i new nopes arise ana
.t-r-'ic d.'termin itiou is strengthened; while
ji.i the oth r sid, the long, varying recital o'
lef'.i' and disaster, rnnt produce ffloom, de-
-p mdfocy arid depros-ion which there is no
patriotic impulse ti relieve against, and from
Sul.icli w'i-kev will nt revive.
I. it this is nt, poul ns it is, the only coro
firting arsunnce we hive. In our view, the
'iccc.-'s ot iten. jcanrgir(J is ol immense im-
jp--rtauce. It has not necn as decisive as we
k'i'.-l desire, unless the rum jr prove true that
jthe trof'1 of H'ltlrr aro embarking from their
slir.e in tJ;e lit(l .cc between the Jaruss and
Aj'i?m tax. If this be true, wo may expect
It he ir of excellent results.
A't-vjet'itT wm havf j it ca'isi for profouud
irntitu !c. in the prescut aspect of the case, j
We L.l u.nv abidiug a .iilcacc tht t!io worst i
i-i!ty. It.isbanded as our men have been,
wii'i ti,M c ire which is one ot the dit-tinguiah-nz
ch iracteristies of our great Commander,
th' V remain s'mgul irly int ict and unenfeeble l,
acd competent Ir defence iu much greater
J-.?;o i. the power of the assailant, than
when the c otiict first begin.
The time is not meet for Eulogy. The
' 'r.utr of our people are wring with grief
M thes, wive, kin Ire 1, and friends will find
, i. s lace ijfi, in the consideration that their
i ved -ins who are lost ti them for this life,
r.ave perished in the hnnble discharge of
3'1'ity, f t the preservation of liberty and the
Mlv.ition of their country ; that they have
t iTercd their lives as a Kxm to posterity, to
If V!us r.critaye of independence. These soothiuir
L e Moderations will cv.ur. with time, and to
t:;ae al ;te must be left, to bring consolation.
North Carolina is bereaved. In sorrowful
rf;! cti n she stands by the sod where her'
i.erxs lie coverej, arid weeps iu her deso
I.ition. TrTiir lutvT t of tli 1
l.crctoforc fallen, arc now to be added the
uncs vl
Brig. Gen. J. B. GORDON,
r.rig. Gen. J. P. DANIEL,
(Wr.el 'ITiOS. M. GAKKKTT,
Od..i.el c. M. AVERY,
M ij. r IAS. J. IREDELL,
Captim R. W. ANDERSON,
Lieut, n.uit EDWARD S. SMEDE3,
Lo ut.naut WM. II. 11 AY WOOD.
I'hc;-e me they whum wo know and can call
y t ime. Ri:t there are many ramelcng ones
v hose ta'e as vet has not been heard nf. A'ni ?
i' u every field the sons of our State attest in
M x-dy sacrifices their devotion to the anse.
others are reported to have fallen and a long
h?t of suffering wounded.
Our pen falters in the narration of sorrow,
a: -iiction and mourning. It is the dread re-
rd f war merci'ej-s war the carnage
h:ch our deviiish foe inflicts upon oar
pie.
A v chill's Ra idkiu. Official news from
-a;thMtern Virginia, says Averill was rout-
at Newport, Giles counfy, by Jacksns
r d 1 rench. nd scattered in the Movntaion
he main body has retreated towards Green-
r'er. Little damage has been doue to the
am! Tenn. Railroad, except the destruc
";u of tl bridge at New River, ' The Lead
- t cs ;te, --it nvrks are :fe.
! Eschewing Personalities. Mr. floldcit's
j Opinion of Men.
After stigmatizing Mr. Clay as a murderer,
i thief, swearer, gambler and perjurer. Mr Ibd-
i den next turned bi attendon to Gov. Gra-
Gov. Graham attacked Mr. Holden by be-
i1 ' " ' " . . , .. , ' coming a candicUte for GrWeraar in 1844, and
,.. WjMcrness down tome last attack as re-, . 7
fP r nf tiin ifiK again in 1846 ; and Mr. Hill Jen was obliged
,.f Ijn ntr!ejramsnfGen.l,eeofthcIStn,
. . r , . rry-A an to aefend himself. Of course he did so "with
... iottvlva;u.i C. II.. wnen be marttf an
, r-,r, r an.l ' reluctance and regret; hut the inevitable
-vi't upou the position of Gen. k,ell and- ...
-wily repulsed," our defenders have beeu j -
1,'iv uccefal. At no time has the enemy j twse: . .
; :i!n,d a lootuuM withia our lines, except , before the reopleof the WesL-Sta,ldard, May
, irstmce where he broke in overwhelm- . ,Mg
27th, 1846.
" The truth is, Gov. Graham's principles and
conduct cannot be successfully defended.
"Wm. A. Graham sees the current running
against him, and he is alarmed ; and he is deter -
miitoJ in Kia ilainarifinn !n nliv th dptna fltnflrn
,h a loss as his artnv cannot be able toaf- Mr. hhepard, and his cowaraiy rears oi meeung
1.. . t. lav 111 iL
... , . XT v i, m re him oetore tne peopie.aranaaro, jane iu,
rl N hive the New York fnonne of g
ty the 12th. Of course it claims glorious And 13 this indeed Wm. A.Graham? f Gov.
: t..ri; but ita lmiUa hg of forty thousand ; Graham does not know this plain fact, he is too
ignorant to be Governor. Standard, July 1st,
1846.
This is moderate for Mr. Holdeu. Gov.
Graham may congratulate himself, that in Mr.
Hold en's estimation he is only a " coward, a
demagogue and an ignoramus." There is no
telling what he would have been, if the neces
sity of defending himself had devolved upon
Mr. Hoi den the unjAeasant duty of " inflict
ing further paki " on Gov. Graham.
We refresh the public memory with Mr.
Holdcn'd opinion of Gov. Graham, to show the
astuteness-of Mr. Holder's perception, and
.piritkoen ar.d confident; a courage rr-t ! h atnxcs t0 hli V10tims tneir appropriate
designations. Every oue will readily see how
applicable toGv. Graham, is the appellation
demagogue! his aupph and twisting ways;
his ready concession of principle to popular
demands; his pliant, atTable and familiar dis
position which so readily puts all men at once
upon an equality with him; his freedom from
obstinacy of opinion, and the readiness with
which he subjects his th Mights to those of other
men. These qualities of the demag gue in
Gov. Graham readily presented themselves to
the eye of so acute an observer as Mr. Holden.
But if deniaioue le admitted u be a proper
attribute of Gov. Graham, who will question
tion to discover this. A coicard why any
mm who will lo k upon Gov. Graham's form
and figure, his person and bearing, his fice
and deportment, without at all investigating his
life aud character, can at once determine upon
this point; and no man's opinion will be at all
strengthened by Mr. Iloldeu's pronouncement.
When you add to the d;mag-gU3 and
coward, the other character of. an igaoramua!
you hive the ph,t i?ra h of G v. Grab. mi as
drawn by Mr. Holden.
The people of N irth C iro!im tviil not difler
in t leir opinion up m the fidelity of the like
ness; and Mr. Hid.-n, like many other
artists, may enjoy the sati .-.faction of having
achieved a unauim ussinii'nmt for his work.
Nrth Cir dini ins, we sh ill continu3 to pre
sent to vou the-- difenc-i-i of himself bv Mr.
ot the torm ha, p ;sd by. At varyn.g inter- j lU)iUUy from tiine tJ tinr tln5.t th(. atta,.ks
va!s there may be m ,:.i-ot.i-y renewa's of uf ,t h e,leIli ln th., s Tw things will
t'.e euemys ?t.,n , but o.ir armies have be di3C.vere in the s.i p,rt. tUit with
airily. ,o oa.etiog looet.illy tli-? tirt tre. j jUt txoeptioUf CVery reputable, worthy, great
mea l .us ..,U. surmouot-I the ma:n diffi- inan in thJ Sufe ;U1 e:iC!UV, of Mr.
Holden. But that is the folly and weakness
of themelve-s. The sec nd that Mr. Hol
den, when he dejenli htimelf agiinst such
attacks, is no, p iriicular as to th ; naturo of
the weap-m he uses or the manner of its em
ployment. There is a consolation, h wjver, in the re
flation, "that ii gives (Mr. H dden no pleas
ure to inflict pain even on an enemy." Hnce
his kindly dealing with the Yankees. The
merciful and humane uian ! '
Eschewing Personalities. 3Ir. Iloldeu's
Opinion of Men.--Mr. E. G. Keade.
"Mr. Reade is a smart man in a small way.
'This oily aad unfcrupnlous demagogue may flour
Uh for a season, but the day of retribution wil"
surely come." Raleigh Standard, July 23, 1856.
"So if Mr. Brooks had iold Mr. Reade orhis in
tention, he would have sneaked to Mr. Sumner
aiid informed him of the fact. II is vote shows
that he would have done se. Mr. Reade joins
hands with these men and aids them in this blow
thus aimed at a sister Southern State. He evinces
his sympathies by his vote ; and his sympathies
show that his heart is aot in the'right place. He
has misrepresented his constituents and disgraced
himself. He stands exposed by his own delibe.
rate act to the rcarn and contempt of all hoaor
ablemen. Raleigh Standard, July 23d and 30th,
18S6.
And as if it were not enough thus to stig
matize a respectable gentleman, as a sneak an
"oily and unscrupulous demagogue,'" a dis
graced man amenable, to the scorn and con
tempt of all honorable menThis "eschewcr
of personalities' proceeds to say :
"This faithless representative and sympathizer
with abolitioni?ts, is nno of the leaders of the
Know nothings of North Carolina,"
.Now, Mr. Holden complains that h is
"bystcmatically and grossly assailed," when
ho is charged with giving aid to the public
enemy ; ami for proof, the speeches of their
orators, the publications from their pros?, the
resolutions of their public meetings, are ad
duced to prove tbtir sympathy with Mr. Hol
den, and their consciousness of his sympathy
with thetn. And, in addition to these evidences j
just mentioned: The confessio of deserters
fix him with the responsibility fur their critn
murderous deserters when captured have
his paper on their persons yankee. prisoners
just caught in the act of butchering our peo
ple, go through our towns hurrahing in his
suppoTt; and his own writings are fall of
testimony to convince any jury not biased in
his behalf.
"Jg .JL . w--i.li
Yet he se;iks ot I ei "g pursued with a
tnabgnity."' No hvirg man, in onr opinion,
in any age, has ever been spared with so much
fornea ranee. Sincedie has been a candidate
under the obnoxious circumstances in which
he presented himself, the press has confined
itself to the legitimate discussion of his polit
ical conduct, thus entirely departing from the
example he has set ; when iustead thereof, he
had just reason to apprehend that an organ
ized public sentimcut would long since have
made itself felt, in a manucr about which
there could be no mistake.
Mr. Raada's friends in Person county, are
invited ' to the foregoing estimate of their
neighbor. It remains to b seen if they will
endorse these, opinions, by voting for their
author.
Egotism, is the suffering of the private J. to
be loo much in the public eye; and it will he
difficult to discover an example tinder this rule
more clear than Mr. Holden presents in his
last Standard of the 20th.
He addresses himself "to the Conservatives
of North Caroliua," and occupies over a col
umn ia assuring the gooH people of the State
that Mr. Holden, 1, onrself, is in the field, and
meatfs to run through, and can neither be
induced or required to withdraw.'
Now it might beupposed that some effort
was being made by Gov. Vance to induce Mr.
Holden to withdraw, or to compromise him
out of the way. Is this so? We ask for
information ? Has Gov. Vance allowed him
self, or any of his friends, to approach Mr.
Holden with such a purpose ? We do not
betieve a word of it. It is a de.luion of Mr.
Ilolden's perverted brain ; or else one of his
"honest arts" of producinp; an event he wishes
with all his heart to accomplish.
But Gov. Vance is expected to put the mas
ter at rest He and his friends are deeply
interested to let the public know, and at once,
whether any passing and repassing is going on
between them and Mr. Holden. We have not
' the least idea that there is. We know Mr.
Holden so well, that his suggestion of 'such a
thing carries no particle of conviction to our
mind. His " honest art" are matters of poli"
tical history ; and there is not an intelligent
man in North Carolina whose opinion has not
been spent upon them.
Mr Holden says toemake "defamatory at
tacks " on him. The people of the State are
struck with our forbearance towards him ; and
they wonder that we do not employ upon him
the weapons he has used on his political ad
versaries. And without doubt Mr. Holden
himself is astonished at our leniency. He
doesn't know, because he has not cultivated the
feeling, that respect for its readers, and self
respect, should restrain a public journal from
personal invective ; and therefore, for the life of
him, Mr. Holden cannot imagine why we do not
apply the severe epithets to his late political
conduct which it merits. We tell him again, we
do not intend to assail him personally. His
doctrine, his purposes and intentions, as as
certained from his writings, are public property.
If they reached mere -party, we should not
engage our time in noticing them ; for except
thitheha put, himself in the attitude of an
enemy to the country, and has done it much
mischief we should scarce think his opinions
of material momeut. But having an interest in
tke public welfare, it was our duty to bring to
the bar of public scrutiny, acts and writings
which were dangerous to the pwblic liberty and
adverse to the cause of independence for which
we are struggling, and for which the best blood
of the land is being spilled. And we frankly
tell Mr. Holden, that he never prints a paper,
that he does not afford to our mind more
thorough convictions f the truth of the esti
mate we have formed of his present attitude
and feeling i towards the Confederacy.
v
Why, here in the-e two last issues, what is
there to be found of sympathy for our country?
On the 13th, under his caption "The Latest
news," he ann mnccs every discouraging fact
he can lay hoid of piles up the agony ia con
secutive phrases, and aunounc?s thit Gen.
Lee "is retiring and Grant following him,"
.with the impassive c-jolnesj ol an indifferent
observer.
And in the isuc of the 20th, after devo
ting a olumn to I, Ma. Holden, he pro
fesses again to give the latest news, aud ho
devotes six lines to his comments on the late
awful struggle, and the present situ. tion. He
finds no room to describe the sufferings and
deeds of our men ; he pays no tribute to the
dead, and ofl"rs no fitting encomium upon
the living. No man can look upon the Stan
dard in the lime of the Mexican war, when
Mr. Holden 's heart was with' his country, and
now ; and pretend to find the same strain of
patriotic fervor.
But enough of this. Our convictions of Mr.
Holden were reached unwillingly; and we
would have been -glad to see him avoid his
present position. It is uow too lahy, however,,
for him to ha'bor. a thought of withdrawal.
The way back, to bun, is filled with torpedoes,
and is as dangerous as his advance. A very
little while will serve t end his political ca
reer, for he hasnt long to go forward or back.
Siace the above was written, we notice that
the Cpntervaiiv denies the charge made by 14 r.
Holffen and says, as we expected "We are au
thorized by Gov. Vance to a j, that there is not
a particle of truth in the allegation, so, far as he
is concerned that he has made no proposition of
the kind, and has authorized no person to make
one."
Some vile miscreant baa published in this
paper, a marriage notice of Mr- Josiah Pulley
of Johnston connty t a lady in Louisa, Va.,
Mr. P. is a soldier in Virginia, and has a wife
at home ; and the wretch who sent to the press
this slander, must have designed to inflict
pain upon the one and disgrace upon the
other. We hope to be able to find lhe villain
at, and turn hira over to Mr. Pulley ; and
then woe be to him. He also forged lhe sjg
nature-of a respectable man to his letter, in
order to procure its insertion.
THE WAR NEWS!
From tha Petersburg Register of Thursday.
Military Operations Near this City, Ac.
From all that we could learn up to 8 p. m.,
last night, nothing of much importance trans
pired on' the immediate front of this city.
From an early hour to past 12 m.. very dis
tinct reports of heavy guns were heard some
times in quick succession, and others at longer
intervals, while persons in Prince George and
near the water heard very plaiuly rapid fir-,
jog of musketry. From about 1 p. ra., the
noise of firing erased, and was not heard again
until past six o'clock, when the reports of ar
tillery were heard, for a short time. Two
opinions are current as to the snot whence
came the noise of th emmn firing in the
morning. Some persons believe that these
heavy guns were atMWarebottom Church " in
Chesterfield, while others are confident that
they were fired at Gatliu's farm, formerly
known as "Spring Hill" a high piece of
ground about eight miles from Petersburg on
the S mthMiank of the Appomattox.
On the whole, opinion is settled down that
the fighting yesterday was indecisive altEfcugh
skirmishiog was very heavy, and casualties
numerous on both sides considering that ope
rations were confined to skirmishing and ar
tillery fired at long taw. Several wounded
were bronght in this evening, and the belief
is that our toss in killed wounded,' and cap
tured will amount to rme one hundred and
fifty. The Yankee loss most probably ex
ceeds ours, although it has not been ascertained
even proximately.
FROM THE DIRECTION OF CITY POINT.
We liave nothing of importance to com
municate On yesterday morning a party of
the enemy came up to a point near "Pud
dledock,? and just about where the Broadway
road turns off from the old stage road to City
Point,, and run one or two of our pickets off.
At a later- hour, Dearing's cavalry pitehed
into them, aud drove them towards their base
with a loss on our side of one man killed and
another wounded. We do not know how the
enemy fared in that particular.
From the Riohmond Sentinel, cf Tuesday, we
take the following ;
THE BATTLE NEAR TOHT WAOTUALL.
Yesterday was another day of absorbing ex
citement in this city. And naturally so. It
was pretty generally known or surmised that
General Beauregard had determined to attack
the enemy's farces, which, for several days,'
have been demonstrating against Drewry's
Bluff. When, therefore, at 4 o'clock -in the
morning, the sound of battle wag heard, and
when, at five, the roar became continuous, and
musketry and artillery blended their explosions,
it' was at once understood that the hostile armies
had met in a general engagement.
The roar of the battle, which was. at first
plainlyMieard, and the line of smoke which was
clearly seen from elevated positions, after a
while seemingly receded and became less dis
tinct, and finally, about 10 o'clock, became
inaudible or disappeared. And in truth, as
was afterwards learned, the battle, if not totally
suspended at that hour, was greatly lulled, and
subsided into skirmishing. The reason of this
may be better explained after to-day.
At the hour of writing this, wc arc without
definite results, or at liberty to speak fully of
the plan of the battle. It appears th.it the
purpose to attack on yesterday morning had
been formed by both of the. opposing Generals.
The Yankee General Baldy Smith, had resolved
to throw himself on our right so as to cut
Drewry off from Richmond and by another
coincidence, Beauregard had arranged to fall
on Smith's right, to cut him off from his ship
ping. To secure his purpose, Smith, had
strengthened his left at the expense of his right.
This gave Gen. Ransom, who was sent against
Smith's right, an easier task, and hence he was
rewarded with a rapid euccess. At an early
hour in the morning, the news spread that be
had captured Brigadier General Heck man and
his staff, and also the 27th Massachusetts regi
ment, 840 strong
Nor was the enemy compensated on bio, reft,
where be had prepared to deliver his chief at
tack, for his ill-fortune on his other Hank. On
the contrary, he was repulsed and driven back
there also, and at a late hour it was known that
we had captured three hundred prisoners, from
him ou that wing.
In these latter operations Gen. Corse's brig
ade is said to have borne a conspicuous part,
and we are sorry to learn, suffered considerably,
he himself receiving a slight wound.
The centre followed th6 fortune of the flanks.
There, too, at an early hour we had gained
ground, andcaptnred two guns, beiides prison
ers. Thus prosperous at all points, our sucsess
appears to have been unbroken throughout
the battle, and many guus and prisoners were
added to the captures above noted. Elsewhere
we shall give the most authentic results we
can obtain ere going to press. Nor are the ad
vantages gaiasd by the btttls of yesterday to
L I.. 1. ll 1 1
oc nvauren oniy oy ioc captures aircauy
made. Positions; are said to have ben secured-,
and the enemy i iv,;lved in dilemmas,
which are likely to idd valuable results in
further operations. Calculations of this sorf
have, in ".c so often epded in disappointment,,
that hewe .;r specious, we are not disposed to
build largely upon them; but it is something
to have secured aw opportunity, even though
the prize may escape us.
The casualties attending this brilliant and
most agreeable success, will shade victory it -selPwith
sadness. Mourning is mingled with
rejoicing; the honey is mixed with gall. ; It is
ever thus.
Some of the prisoners state that Baldy Smith
is in command, and were very lavish of their
censures upou his management. Butler, they
say, is at Fortress Monroe. He came up on
the "Greyhound," and if he has not already re
turned, we presume he will at once go back
upon bcrf or upon some other steamer of still
fleeter name. Butler does not mean to lie caught.
ADDITIONAL PARTICULARS.
We return our thanks to a friend for a copy
of the Richmond Examiner of Tuesday, from
which we take the following additional par
ticulars: As wc predicted, the great battle on the
Sbuthside was joined yebtcrday. . The pfcwi of
battle was cooceived and derided .upon on
Suuday night by the gallant Beauregard, and
as daylight broke the . work commenced.
Almost before the grey of morning, our. force
ou the left, under the command Of General
Ransom marched out against tho enemy, and
gave him battle. The enemy occupied a good
position, and was strongly entrenched in some
fortifications that bad been evasuated by im on
Friday last, with a view of drawing the ene
my on and inducing him to venture an assault
on our inner. Kne of fortifications. T!is,wai
the enemy's right and our left, and perhaps
about a mile or so from Drewry's Bluff. No
Sooner were our men. up Lb.au they charged
upon the, enemy , with a perfect yeli. Tho
fighting gTew severe, and the battle, for a time,
wavered. Bat tba onset of .our men was too
much, In a moment oarjnen swept over the
fortifications like an avalanche, and the ene
my was 'soon in rapid tiii;bt leaving our men
in full possession of the fortifications, and (be
raptors of fonr stand of colors and one batferv.
Thistnovemerrt on pur left was most handsome
ly executed, and was all accomplished by
seven o'clock in the morning.
Driven from these fortifications, the enemy
fell back upon his own entrenchments, and a
treneral advance was ordered alons the lines
The victoryon the left was quickly followed
up. The enemy was no sooner within the for
tifications than an order was ztven to charge I
him. Our men advanced to the charge, but !
the fire of the enemv was so terrific that cer
tain regiments bke in confusion. Here was
the trying point the enemy must be dis
lodged. In an instant f those men who
stormed the memorable' heights of Gettysburg
were ordered up, and a second charge-was
made. The enemy's fire wa terrible making
wide gaps iu our lice, bnt steadily our men
moved on. As they approached, the enemy
poured into them a most p tiling fire soom
ioglv reserving his (ire ntil our men were
well np sweeping them down by rows but
not' a cheek blanched or au arm faltered.
Through a perfect sheet of fire they marched
up to the fortifications, and with a shout of
victory leaped over the breastworks and cap.
tured the , greater portion of the enemy's
forces Gen. Hickman and over 800 privates.
While this was going on along our left, our
centre and left were also pressiug tho enemy
with great success. A charge bad been made
.upon his ceutre, across the turnpike, by Gen.
Hoke, and he had leen driven back from each
of his posit ious. Here the enemy had no reg
ular fortifications, but was well protected by
abattis, formed by felling trees and other tem
porary defences. Our artillery was used
against him with great-effect. TThe Washing
ton Artillery, supported by Hagood a South
Carolina brigade, who acted most gallantly
throughout, succeeded in siieucing a battery
of the enemy's, couaistingof three 20-pou&der
Parrot ts and two 12-pounder Napoleons. One
of the Parrotts was turned upon the enemy, and
contributed to putting him to flight. The
following note tells of the noble action of
Hagood 's brigade:
"On thr Field, May 16.
"Cjptairi Owtns. IVmhingtpn Artillery:
"I am instructed by General Hagood, whose
brigade captured two 32" pounders, Napoleons,
aud three Parrott gon, to request a guard over
them until thv can beinarked. I shall re
quest Colonel Waddy, of .General Beauregard's
staff, to give them to you. 1 Please report when
they are together, and 1 shalt be at General
Ha good's headquarters.
Very respectfully,
"Eo. Ma.yck,
. "Hagood's Brigadf ."
Up to tli is time the enemy had fought will
and with great stubbornness, but,- driven from
his fortifications and' pressed o all sides, he
began to fall back rapidly. Our victory now
became easv. Dispirited and dseuraforkedv
the enemy showed but faint rebalance, audi
the retreut was but a step removed from iv
rout. In charging upon' them, a vrtnAe
inent threw down their arms and rfced iutu
our lines. From a dozen sources wc have re
ports of their - demoralization. Ou official
authority we learn that several hundred of
prisoners captured in the retreat expressed
the greatest alacrity to come on to Ricnuioiid,
saying that their time was nearly out that
they were tired of the war, and tht if they
would "onl show them the. way to Richmond,
they would come over without any guard
being placed over th'm " They seennd to be
relieved on getting out of danger, and gladto
.accept any f ite other thau that ot facing the
fir of our men.
The retreat f nice bgan and the enemy cave
way npidly. Our armv continued to privs
him, and up to 4 o'cliKk y-'sti-rday wc h id
driven him itco miles and a h'tlf O ir frcen
kept well on his h" Is -md captured a gnd
deal of ar iilery, stores, arms and ammuni
tion which he iid strewn al-uig the way
Several httudivd prisoners weje picked up in
"squads, and many of I hem w re under the
influence of liquor showing that Builr,
like Grant, bad pli d his men with whiskey
before going into battle This is continued
byd"?sen8of persons from the battle-field, and
admits of no dobr.
it is imp s.dble to t?tate just now the fruits
of our victory, but there is no doubt that onr
army won yesterday, under the gallant
Beauregard, a most brilliant success. Tie
fight was commenced yesterday wjtb the ene
my posted in his fortifications, but by seven
o'clkk our army had dislodged him. and lo
fore the setting of the sun he had been repuls
ed and driven back to Proctor's crock, a dis
tance of two miles or more. Tie number of
prisoners taken is not yet known, but it may
be put down considerably over a thousand a
Brigadier General among the nu nber and,
perhaps, later accounts m ij' s -vclHt to several
thousand. Wc cap'ur'd, also, a great deal
of artillery some say as much as twenty six
pieces besides a quantity ot stores, arms.,
ammunition, &c. It may be a day or two
before we cau know the extent ot our success,
but in the meantime let usbe content with the
assurance that .our army, under the invinci
ble Beaare-jard, h is won a great victory.
LATKR TUB BATTLB HBNKWD
An official dispitch Was received last night,
blatiug th'itthe battle was renewed yesterday '
eveniug at six crVl "ck our forces making an
attack all along the line. Nothing was given
in the disjiatch beyond the fact that all was
goiug well, and we .were driving the enemy.
THE YANKEES APPEAR NEAR CIIAFlx's FARM.
.Official information was received last night
that a force of the enemy had ben coen about
a mil below Chn tin's farm. The force con
sisted of both infantry and cavalry, in what
force is not known ; but it is supjiosed about
one regiment of infantry and a small body of
cavalry.
THE YANKEES I.N CHARLES CITY COUNTY.
The columns of our paper would fail to
record nan oi tne devastation.. rum ana mt- v
rage Che Yankee have recently committed in
Charles City and New Kent counties On
! Monday last a party of negro Yankee cavalry
comroittted a mont cowardly and diabolical
murder, tho unarmed and unoffending victim
being Mr. J. 1 Wilcox, rcfMliig thirtcci
miles from the. Charles Ci y Court House, on
the lower iJbiokahomiuy. The negroes, un
der the direction of a white officer, first burned
his' dwelling, nuthouses, and everything upon
the plare, and what followed is obtained
from his servants. They say Mr. Wilcox
was standing in the yard, looking upon the
ruins of Ids horn, when one of the negro
cavalry ordered hira to march XIr. .Wil
' cox refused, and reptfed, " March where to ? "
The negro answered .with a " march, sir,"
and leveled his gun. " Mr. Wilcox said, I
will do no such thing. Tlie negro cal ed 'to
the white Officer to know what they should
'dp, a he was resitting (?) The oQer "rt
piied, ' Shoot htm," Whereupon one of the
negro guard fivs3 and -shot him through the
head, below the left ear, and as he was failing,
another fired and shot him thraagh tho right
arm and and side, thehullot making a large
hole. Mr. Wilcox died Instantly.
Te Yankees and their negro allies nave
also cernly htfftg Robert Ely, a painter,
living in Caarlas City.
T KLEGR APHIC
V
REPORTS OF THE PRESS ASSOCIATION.
Entered according to act of Congress In the year
1863,- bv J. S. TtfftontR, in the Clerk's nfRc
of the biatriot v'ourt of th Confederate Statef
for the Northern District of Georgia.
Proa Gen. tee's Aray-Hore Fighting.
Abut Xokthkrs Va., May 20, -via
Rich xoaaJlay 21.
Up to three o'clock yesterday, nothing of In teres t
had occurred. About that time Gen. Cwill sbtrd
forward in force on armed reconooisaoce toward
the enemy's right flank. About five o'clock our
kirntuhers eng aged those of the enemy a
little wtt and aorta of the mad leading from
Spottsjlvania C. H. to Frederickborg. -The ene
my soon brought np a heavy force, consisting o f
.H cock's 2nd and a large part of Barnside'a 9tb
corps, and heavy artillery troops drawn from tba
defence of Washington, and answered as iafantry.
X considerable 'fight earned, and at one tine oar
line of skirnushers had poaaeatioa of the eatay'a
wagon train. They were compelled to relinquish
possession of them, not however nnttl we had sen
and brought off some. The fight lasted until two
o'clock at night, when Ewell fell fack to bis orig
inal position, having lost a the engagement about
one hundred wounded, thirty killed and a few
mining. Prisoners reported "the enemy's lo?f
much heavier. We captured about one hundred
prisoners. Not a gun fired to-day. It Is rup
pnsd Grant is awaiting reinforcements Lorn th
west in order to renew the attack .
SXCOKB MKf-ATCU.
SrorsiviaiA C. D., Mar I!.
Yesterday morning about day, the eaesaj, with
a considerable fore of picket's forces assaulted
our left wing. The nvtaok however was quite
feeble aud we raadily repulsed them with slight
loss on our side, bt with considerable Haogbtrr of
the enemy. T&e fight lasted about one sad a half
hours. Duritg th'i engagement we captured
about sixty prisoners, and the enemy left over two
bnnsked, dead oo the field. About night the
enemy Retired from onr left, leaving their dt-ad
unburn d. They seem to be massing on our t ight,
either far. the purpose of attacking us again, or
k fall back. After the tight yesterday, on the
left, the enemy opened vigorously, cannonading
co out' right wing, to which we responded. A
fierce at tale v duel was kept up for twe hour;
our side however )wiog very slightly.
Our men to-day are busy collctu arias on
that part of thi field abaadoned by the onr my.
Many arms are being obtained which were buried
hy the enemy on yesterday.
This evening there was louie cavafry figutio
near Gnnica's Station, but it amoaccd to very
little. TV day matters bve beoa quiet all day.
. Yesterday Meade sent a flag of trace to On.
lee, thanking him for seaaiag him Wadsworth'
body, for which he applied by fiag of truce during
tJxe WiMerness bght.
Mbade on the 13th issue a congrirtwIaUnry orttcr
to his troops. He claims that Bee has now abnn
doned his lact entrenched position so tenaciously
he'd,, auifrrtng. a loss of. eighteen gun, tenty
fbur colors nnd eight thmasand prfeftficrs. Meade
further 4ay.t the right is not over and that ho
(Meade) txpcctj reinforcements which Loc can
not po.tibly st.
Up to 3 o'clock to-day there has been no fight
ing. Weather very warm, roads fsst drying.
From nKeaiirfgard near PelmhurK,
Ku-iiMosu, May 21.
A teU gram from Beauregard, dated Headquar
ters, this morning. sji: AU iii;t last night.
Wo remain in possession of the enemy's rifle pit
and thv ground gained in yesUrday's fipht, which
tva. quit sovcrc during part of the day, especially
near Ware Bottom Lurch. 1 regret to nay, that
Gen. W. S. Walker is missing. It ia farrd he
flB into thebfwufco tlte esciny hiht gallantly ,
leading i troops into action.
slcosij blsratcu.
IV.rKIUMUtOt, II at 21.
Thcfwmy are busy t-dy entrenching eight
hundred yaidsdistautfrwa. entrenchments wrcat
to fx wiii them yesterday, under tiro titan our shai p
thinner and field pfeces. About thirty of the en
emy's pickets wcra bronght hi this evcring.
Frotn Clciu Johnston's Army.
Atlanta, May 21.
Uy the train from the front this evening,
we Wrn that a coIuum of the cnomy enwsed
the Etowah river eight miles ab .re the railroad
bridge jeatei day, marching on Marietta aud Mc
pherson, with fifteen thousand. He crossed the
night before twelve miles below Etowah station,
toflank our left. These movements made a change
of position necessary to our array, in otder to pre
serve it communication, sod the Hues bare
slowly fall-o back along the line ef the railroad.
Etowah bridge was burnt last night. The ad
vance of the enemy ia force is becoming mere
slow, ai be recedes from bis base. Reveral days
.may elapse before a general engagement cau
occpf . There has been no skirmishing during th
past two days. Portions of the relief committee
that were in the rear have returned to day.
Farther From the flshU Aroand ft ten-
burg.
RicnaosuMay 2
Last uight the Yankees mad e aasAultou aur
light toward Paoriburjr, to retake tre portion
and battery lost by them on " Friday. thj were
easily r pulsed, with heavy 1m. Our casualties
vry fiw.
Froa th North and Ear?.
RicaaosD, May 22.
The New York Herald of the I6tb, says the news
rv, VirriiAa is nuimnortant. Grant's leases U
tmA La Im LhirtV-five tboOiaod.
Thti Key test eoi rependent of the IftroM aye
tK Harriet Lane has escaped from Galveston and
has arrived at Uavapa with a carsyi of cotton.
Quotation of gtU not git ca, having been
published on previous day, Sunday.
The Herald krss Kuropeas ndvioea W she 2d..
Earl Rssaell has ngnio daftaed his position V"
ward thet contending Rapuhllc ia America, Da
haa little sympathy for either, oa account of tholr
treatment of thenegWsv '
Tho Georgia has aniled from Vronoo.
Ltttr 1rci Oca Ircr -
DAVovta Jvaevso, Uay 22.
Grant ooameaeed swlngiaj his eoKasns amend
ou ear rtrkt on Frtday taorning. Crest's fareca
ooeapled Mil ford CUtka aad Bowhaj Oraea yea.
teiay evening. About dark, Qr7neox ia
' front of Sim rytvula C XL., threw forward a nor
tion of fcis fereo sad scared Cs4 tcysobrsi
wor&s sforindtbanstsby mZatcfiLlrtZdxttK '
. OfnnA'AWtela grrtv aeia TKTt ncaskavA
, oar lirkt (Lank, this SMOuhTarttr aaovo
mcnUononr atdo and aa abnaraaamtaftaa ttla
ground in fruat nf gperjylvt C B.
CrantOta aaaissovi - P
XMr The annoy hr wposSad to hav ant
lianas faciFredaTiaxabntx as a baaa, aad m hnva
astallahsl .porta a. Port tWjal ad Tthn.
Soma little nrttnery firing aaar Cneitartal"rtA
day. Can? uaerTWrteo.