.AvrnnTin KVV ! in.re.rr:l to vie to th.-cxcrciof ;U ;
i - " . . i krehorce to exereise, it cannot longer, with-
TVRDX ESP AYJ IV C liijll- ! nt extreroe bMlrd, venture to delay. The
welfare of society, the live and dberties of
p,y tl.e
Com federate
States, it u pre
and reprus..
turf cr. i-ind And wsi-r
tfitutiozi or lawn of any State, to the contrary
ivJlwithatandiasc.'" Although tbe war power
of the Cotnderiite Govemmeut is thus absolute j
;md nDiiroieJ In term., and the supremacy
tbV Government orer the States, with regard
.i;t nr.:
To ra'ie ar.d tu. p
To j rev He for ru'ig tort inn mum w
ox-ate tbeliws f the CoAiedoate States,
uri''" in-urresliow and repd iuvasims.
... Ttt :.r..v;!? fuorgardzing. arming t?ii d.s
"..-..-; i-.ti.m of tift
Vi.o - I t
scri'csd that Congress ftiaii lbe euizens, the national satety. aiue appeal .
,. f 1 1 it,. ;ah n nnw..
taTf w?f f.,r the clrennous ose ci ui i"'
"Todeclar war. grant letters cf nisrqu? j f f8 oi lbe Government, to increase the fcTmy.
an I makfl mles eoucerum,; ci' to pgtaoiish me nation' tu,icv ,v
! tbe want,; of the soldiery and t repel tFe in
to maintain j ? eT5 .
ar.avy ; to make rule; for the governor aw ; Uil3 a-gy ne coi, o ,
.'":fin cf the land and na forca. .. sft. r t0 disi n. i
... . . r
s The New.
iiT.y.ax xicco.. cu jchs jumper.
Tdrgayh tays it has recently
. -' iikt mwsc is thna bj4Tv end diutinntlT
an rnr gi . .' tv, T r.. i
neen okwi, sua i iqiqk
. Soprcme Court Beciuan.
SETH EBIDGMAW V. PETE flALLKTT.
Ihft petitioner wag, prior to the Cth d;:y
of April. a Lleytuuant in the army of I
- -fr i-h oa ! :i.6erteiL. it has - been d
a -efficerr At the AuguV Terra, 1364. of the rightly deci4ed, t.Sat taa Co ederate Goyern
r tv.o. ,.v,ri ci,fta ih ! ment ctnnot, m thv rxerciaeef the war power,
. .it . 1 C' 1 ...ii.ni-il inrt th.-ar1l'Ar
who nreneci6ary.to Hu action of the State
Goelrnft8. fcvc B"Trongh t?. Peyton,
decided by t-a-Sopreme Court of Appeals of
Vu2inia ad recoumzcJ authority ia Jobn-
g!n vs. Mallett. decided ibis Ojui . What
.; i(f i'.o - . , Wlitf ,,f ti.eSiroinJ, Mtio. 1I is, tiff
n-: if...
1 i-r ii.v .
Uitrr.'r.t
cf
fee
tune dircsfi'ap p.cr.a v
tlvs Sta'ii respfctieyf ti? ?V '
the cT:.cer$. a&d ""1,ari,' c:
mid .f tl. ruiliti
it acta. I Fcivico
"'o Sute fb-ii er.tr ioto aay tr-aty, Ei
con federation, uor seep irx ex
enr into any
r.3l: l- C .rom.ic.er-i-i-
( f the C u-'e lerate
oi the several Siat I
cf tLe
t A f.l.
yent. :i CVi..i:cl in the frcviM uai Aimy i ic
f.cd cr.ade, a regiment
ne. Gonioerafely overf-ix lectin height,s
county oi Hyr-, ho was tlLCtcci lifjister or
the ccar-ty and was duly qualified as guch,
by entfrinj into bond arjd taking the neces
sary oath.' SnWquGiitly, to--vyit, on the 22i
t;f September, 186, he was 'ordered, as a
iv to venart hTmif without ihlav to iheeaoip evr persona LUrd auy -cflic ux tLc Mate,
of in
er.ro
in the
tt in
rtetitiocer. that it was prior to hit election's 1 th Cederate Guvernmeat: lhat Uoterc- J
Register. That howrTer, 1 consider as icq- j VUU
struction, r.or.r lUlHh. i be date oi wni ic s bamwuciw c
ime.ti x.ot distinctly rnecified, eiti er or the otaw uorernnwrn, nen
Dtitionr return; tnongti u ii siring- i a,cu,uo1j . .-. . J
K. ;,.ffcrrAfrn.n thfV allr-enf i. r.B rif th PUCea Devena u:e .power si eon UJ
material, kca?e I think that, undSr the ar
my rcgulatiru.s, lis was in
the military ser-i Tiie superstructure must fall when its pillars
servient a
cRi-rt r cca?act wiib aji-jthcr 'bute,
or
! lihM-A.ted &i Che ictr hkn ftd up.n the j
i pruiiifa li'i wbloi j,
' i;;ch the ul.iicr and the clu;". IIo with',
! us gentle ai. wao, as brave a the bravest,
athi in cuncil, irfiuentiai with Lh people, a
; pure patrt, and thoroughly devoted W the
I causa a the South. His name should be-
huus-shxAd vi rd with the cUzeua f
9-. AC
foreign piw-r,
t
Cime a
vice, as a private; as" eo as he wag dropped
from the roll as an . tifiicer. See Arrfyilegu
lati r.s. It is pr'ectl by ti c courp ljat a
Knitter cf a county is a civil tftioer of the
State, and that t'no Govera'r had clairred
the ped iofr as an exempt from military
Fervir;e in the army of tke Osnf'ederate S ates.
Unon triis htUen.ent f facts, it is contended
by the counsel for the petitioner first, that he
-ia entitled to a discharge from custody upen a
just construction of the"2d paragraph of the
10th section of the act of Caa?re?sNratified
oa t!i" 17 h day of February', 1804, tl)ugh
k-cted Kegir of Hyde, cout t . txcooa.y, u ;r . 3 , ; ; ; ' iTim?
if that be not m, th,f after iJ? eec i n -and can this conflict be , U by i. mg I
f the State, he i w principle ui i cm c u-. ujui i i
are Ukf n away or destroyed.
But the case is reversed when the Confede
rate government hac, in the exercise of its
fihtful supreme, war rower, cons-ribed iato
its service a man whois not an oflicox :of the
State, and the S ate is attervptiagtoXake him
out tf it hy elecing him to an oft:?e. The
inao, a1 a citizen, owed the duty U the. gen
eral goverrimcnt, which it had calid upom
him to perform; just is much a? it owed the
du'v to the State to accept and discharge th2
duties to which ha'was elected. Here ar two
obiigatians ucdabttdly bindirg upon the
i -i l : . : . ....
men UU wmcn uem iijcuiisnuciii,
And ia order to crry out th pawcr vefetea s
.... i . . . .
mike ail la" "hicL faa;i r nectary . j j afiarg ar pt Wahingio. yen ucio-
the Ca pftdcrate Static.
The TtUjrajjh gives an cxarct from hfi
Co!Jb1 S. S. S2lt, Cmmissioner oi
to-
. ... r.- .itrvi' iuo eiecutit.-n the forego- ... c. rrtrj-t. It will b
iaj powers," j fuacd scarcely elcqutiit in Hmplicity
"it U 11 to re-tar u th- prcTi-h.-ns of our . ,rue fceing than the cilebiaUd speech of
Ct i S'itK'.ica, an i to erquiie of the fundamen-
ta? hw uadtr wiitch we live, u
what kindof-riawer the GoTerument possesses
an.f i.) what extent we the p'ople of the
States owe obedience Our government was
frat-Hcd in f e face of war. It w t'.pn ap
parent that we ha-1 to enc.iv.nier a - fierce snd
urlrt-lentir.s 'foe, ho?e fibres, were evii
airtmVt ns nni wn i power. wa--taimt:nse.
bec?me exempt fr, any fifirtherirvice m nauonu. aiw iuuuiWJ . -,
the army of the cnlWera Statei, Oecause Pesstm gives a priority or rht - ni
G,dJ leilas n power tiJ&tricttJetaie in would seem to be a jus rule even if the.two
,.r J L L.tl, in governments were equil in their powers, wua
LUC fC.eCiI'' Ul .1J W ' ",a UHi.'" r uyui -
Habfat Corpm Caici
We are indebted to a legal friedy for the
- following Abstract of decisio open habtaa
corpus cases, made by the Supreme Court of
tbi Stats at its recent Term. They will be
found of interest to the lejal. profecoion and
. to many others, civil and military :
An officer of the rny. absent from lit
command without leaTe.jsdroppcd andj-uK
fcquentlv sect to Camp Holmes by the En
rolling officer ofbie county, to be returned to the
army. While o ab.ent and before h? was
sent to camp, ho was app minted Public Reg
ister of the county in which he rt sided, and
aalificd as such. r Ileld.tbCt ncder the artfir
regulations and orders of the War Depart
ment in such case, he was not dichar?d
from the army by being dropped as an l
cer. Held also thai his appointment as Reg
ister difes not entitle him tn a dibarge trom
the army. . How it might be, bail he been
appointed oic of the offices nan od in thr
State Conbtitutiou yuercr. The case tf Rus
scl vs. Whitirrs decided at Chamber' by C. J.
Pearson, overruled. M ( metier or S(7t
firidgman..
Pearson, C. J., dissenting.
" One liable to service in the army is enrolled
hy the Knrollinp rffieer d his courwy, applies
.for a detsil anff i allowed to remain st home
uutil h's appHcalhm is i.agsed upen. "It was
refused, tut before lie was ordered o camp,
he obtained employment as driver of a hack
carrying the mail. Held that under the act
f Cengrefs xempting from mi!itaiy service
mail contractors 2nd drivers of mail stages or
hacks, r.ri'hefa soldier'in the army nor one
who hus hem enrolled for setiice, Wc ing a
ntail eon'tractor r driver, entitled to die
charge. Vat of 'Malluic J(thnvii.
Pearson, C. J., d'usenting.
cr out of the arrot, to fall any oliiae necessary
to theactioa of tvovernm?nt. A differ from
the counsel as to tbeeotrectnis of his posi
tion ani1 will nrrree-d to state, as well asl
respect to the subject, and it surely cannot
operate against that govtrowenl whose pow
er, in tbot particular is supremo. The Slate
er, iu tbat par
must, ia Eucn a
L-gn:
'Permit me to expres to you the gra itlca-
I lion we feel because of your vhit. We thank
! vouforlke very friendly and saiisfacP.-ry adr
dress thw morning. e arostrengtneneti ana
ei t o '.ra-cd. We will retr epiber yi ur words
when ycu are far away. We wdl, profit by
jhem. .
Ia thH f.li of I first net jou at
F. .rt Arhucklv. lou aed uie U 1 uaj ar.y
case, yield to the prior ohuni I
can, the .,s T" A my 5 iu T.u". I
j.jiiuv, u.,i. n-.u,n3 th Sf'j'f oaim it find nnrtlifr i
- j iiuai, jcw' p.x " 1
1 In asccrainins and settling the construe- person cut ef the army fit for the place, is .
tion of the miliary act or Febru iry 1864, it answered DV the equally probable stipposi
is proper to avail ourselves of any light which J toa fakt the general govtmment piay not be
may thrown, upt ine uy tujr ovm- i;e to procure noiuer ut purwiv iur
ute. irt jmi mnwrt, ' pwicuiarty u n were j cyltTm WheufUher supposition shall tx .-coniQ
passed about the same time 1 Black, Comm. j certainty, it will be whin both yoyernracnU
60 It appears from the Act of J.mgre -ss,- ap- arc on the eve cf de&tructi -n. $
' ' . , , . i rfqutt ma
to UT.oerdinary war, to be waged tor . f . rAlc Sutf.
it TV S
ai.oiT.t'cf h-r,or or 11 role in etirjuette ; ao con
A.
test f-r the
: i,f claims ; but was to be a war j
w
hi
. 1 . .1. :
we were 10 oe
ke of the Pi"Lsiietit of the Con-
federal cSU Us. -I told you 1 bad none. e
were then by our tin sides, living in compara-
-re-dtif boundary linsor J- live qwt. 15ut war came toour c ouuirv -.
wAi-.dt-rers and strangers: yet the Confederate
i SUUS have iv-t deported us. We have been
I provided Tor; our wi.ften and c!ii!drei are fuu;
j t.ur' loi-is gwta'.i they should expect. .
j ' Th t'Ovet!in:ent is engaged in a great war
; fc::t cannot do any more ior'us than she U
' d,ittg Perhaps, when.the war is over, wet.ha'.l
I bu vrtiecrlj tatht-d with her bounty. All
:.i.vm. i!l be adjusted. view of these
! i,;u, I -Aoivn siy to vfu. I have no reque st to
1 m.die 01 the Pu-M.ient," He witl, withouL ask:
entrusted, as whei n:cn em'rking tht-nireNes, j n tiit fur lM'that wrt sh .u!d expect. I
. , t : ,.w.t :hd r'nit- Ti. vi.m UowmtT. to assure the President
to li.V i'.i at ' IU
-.Am. l.v ! TSti'Tidi d to con-i-.r u
as Tt!j,h', the dtriar-d purpose of ub
dt:ing us t- lvful an-1 proper aUeati'-".
ri laeet this ikvs! u f war, in i's m '. jni
tudaand terr'.b'.e impoil, our f rra uf g-ver.;-
It . 1 " . ... ,.....-r.
was trau. ea. 10 n.is "wvr-,,,-
i a et to put an end to the cxemptioflf 10 1 f ofthe who is reC0g
military service d tho.se w4lo nave nere.oiore neJ ia us bnug essential to
furaished EqbtftHup-sf tbaMhe country was h lt- he were k, tUa a.gu-
then in vt-ry great net a -or s;H,;,ers, rue Pre ; . l u faV() V(.oll bs much fctr.inger
amble rci-itt that: ". Whereas in tne present, ? irrPistihle. The Constiuition de-
terms,
ftfce
This rar-st pressing want ct the Conte-.e- ShJ ift a Coroeer or Coroners, and Constabhs
Govc-rnnKiitiP,:tpssiblr. still m -re ?tro g . . untv. Secretary of State and sev-
; . . AAiitiirv it. rnli:rs t."P . -i - i
ciruuihiamca iU w..uu; . . cjares m exprcsSf 0r necessarily implied
Ufngrc-fs t tre ovior.ne wa.es mi enao , . . htl . Governor. Judges o
tti.l 01 -ail W II O iilO iW.C IV uiii. ...
rat'j 'jroverpm. mi-, :
ly shown in the act under consideration
pea' all lormcr laws which granted -xpiw
m
rr.t our destinies, til- an t iiwividoal, were
It re
pea, an lormer ih.vs v. iuuh tfnnu r .inpn
and thus at once, sweeps away the long list of
exempts which may be found in the ac t cf Oc
tober, 1SC2. Ite larges the ages qf conscripts
lv..n IS aiid'45 to' 17 and 50, tiuvs calling iuto
the field of active service bovs and old men.
It takes from their homes almost every person
kingie ip
f ocean, put all wi bin
Xow it ouhl
ts'b t tne vast waves u
the compass ot a
.k vt-d with tiith bv any inteliigent 1
i J Vs lV"l'VV " -
miod, that the intention was to m.ike this
g .vcrnment strong enough to workout Us own
Tafetv, and to preserve it afUr that was, se
cured. And if powers sufficient are not
granted to eC'ect this object, it would seem to
result from a wni ut comprehension iu th se
..t0.l tKf invcrnmeut. or toe liiSUin-
W Ull H V... w
cimcy of l.mgmage to puc their intent in
cutbn.
If cne rificcts upon the occurrences r.morg
oarseWes xtithin the past fjur year?, he w,-uld
be brought to doubt if rrn'.N the Governruent '.j.
hat anv power at a.l. Goveruurs cf States,
assuciinj some co-equal authority with the
TrsjHent, have interposed to thwart his execu
tion of the laws of the Cor.?, atd havepal
pably interfered to weaken hi authcr ty
Judg?s of States sworn t support the censtitu
tuu if the Confederacy as the eupfeine law,
i.avq a-u-ned to weaken and d-minish the
armie? of the Ctnfeueracy, uutd it is rtv.tex-.gge-r.tcJ
to tj that the power of Congrtss to
'ru'ue armies" ia exercised at the diecretiou ot
local Judges of limited jurisdiction. To such
an extent iu this JState hns this gone, that a tin-
uu . von. ftoweMT. to jsic
that the S mi; oies are yet-true acd loyal.
Tn, ir irsitv stir illations are sacred: thedesti-
! uy o! your eovrm nt shall be ours; if fche
a is we '.vjll si with h?r; u sue inumpi.b,
fno rejoicing will be more fcincere thau ours.,
from vicKscunu.
' A hidy who arrived in Jackson the loth,
a-.reot tri m Yioksl'Urg, inforniS the Jltsm,j
sijjpLin that tor bevcral days previous the
aiiih. rities were anticipating an atack upon
the place from the Confederates, and that
everv uikle inhalitaut b tween the ages ot
18 id 45 has been enrolled and orga' lzea
" ln;o u c it i itia, and they ar mnsterwl an 1
- dri.lcd (ii!'y. 1 here is scarcely any business
with h-,MM?. mostly nesrocs. a
Houses of the Geneiai At;mbly; and,- itmy
be tbat, with rega-d to all thse. the Sate
never surrendered her right to have the ofii
ces ai:d places filled by a y f her c'uizens,
whether tbey should b, at tbe time cf their
election, in the Service of the general govern-
mentor r,t, ibis-isa quesuon 01 uw i.ignesi
1 . 1 - . ffin-r-
Capabtw OI Dtanng anus epiiu-roiuoci : .m..in,A n Utx v.,ve,nmei;?S. and 1 W!
w! o aie necessary to the proper administration , nutFundt.rlake t0 dcci.je 1)0!1 it, until it he
of the Confederate ar:d State (joveromcnts, and . - lltl.14jat, in lh- nPrformanee of hit iu
a few ethers who were- deemer necessary te
1 dicial duty to do so. Tt may alse deserve
crc.'.
ram 1
cairy on the educational, industrialand other
indispensable, pursuits of the country, with
the addition of a 'still fewer l umber who are
'restrained frora bearing arms by religious sru
ples. Vith,bis rao3t uretif, pressing demand
for soTlieis ifr the defence of the country, in
its life and death struggle for ifational existence,
placed ttius prominently before us, have we ya
riht tt) inter that Congress intended by the
exemptions which it granted iu the act ot Feb
ruary, 1SGT, to release from further service, in
the araiv. auy sr.liier whom it has a right to
retain th iv ? It seems te rue to be ignoring
thp wbAlt -n-rit of the act to surrose. sn. I
cannot come tf any such con l.s on, unless 1 ti"d I ;in(i ()uoht to.be reversed with costs, ana max
tb.R r.fttiii mer must bo r inanded to the cus
as Jackson.
tu c-jine as Jat ut
a pr-fitapm: c-rnnArioN
.L A !' L 'madrt across the i it so declared by the express terms of the act
,i ,.fl.s'.b!v mi eff.rt v. ill be far from tinging any express declaration m the
MCI I u 1 v l . m. w c
be fully satit-fitd by coufiDirg tnem to the per
sons fiilinK office cr eccupjing positioss cr en
gaged in purruits $t the time of their enrol
ment.' ltis me cses the .persons exempted
must have been employed in the duties f their
tiTip.f or rrofssiois. at the date of the act, and
could not entide themselves to exemption by
sunsequeaily engaging iu feuch office or prcfes
s'iou even prior tD the time of their enrolment.
This is the case ith regard to ministers of
g'.e Judge has ventured to discharge cut cf ttie
At Columbia, Tenn., says a contspondent,
hats andb Kts. tre g-bbled up by othcers
... 1 a" . J . maiiuv
1 for S 10 and 14 eacn in voi-iei;eiait- iuj .
Oar am y got immediate supplier suincieat
fur six months.
GKN. JOHN ADAMS.
Brigadier General John Adams of tbeMis
wssippi Brigade, says a o.-yespondent cf the
Se'.n.a Rl, was spot through the bKiy at
Franklin niae tinne.-. N one i-ver-died more
biave v or gallantly. The Yankees robbed
hi body ot trrs pocKct o.h.k, waico, aim
more consideration than the subject has yet
received, whether the Legislature candepiive
tire State of awy of those constitutional otbetrs
by permitting them to ba conscribed, as it pur
pons to do, as to some of th Jtn, by the act of
December 14th, 18C3. See Laws of the
Extra Session iu December, 1863, c'-.apter 14.
My conclusion upon a full consideration ot
the whole matter" is, thst the judgment which
I rendered in vacation in favor of the peti
tioner, founded, as I expressed at the time,
UDun the previous ease of Iluxscll cs. Whiting,
decided hv the Chiet Justice, was erroneous,
tody of Major Peter Mahett, Com maud ant of
Conscripts.
- WILL. H. BATTLE.
. I concur iu this opinion.
M..E. MANLY.
I ukscnt .from this decision. ' -
Pv. M. PEARSON.
teivice a regularly tidtcu soldier who was
absent without leave, in the face of uiiiitary
regulations which prescribe the nu-de anu man
ner of such dke'rtarge. And jet furth.tr; aj
lar'eseai li '2. They took bis wile p-.ciurc,
it to one ot the wouudet men, wno
leturiictl li..
but gave
1
MILITARY ITEMS.
Gen. Q .arks, who ws reported to be
.1 1 A. A lU. lv.lt o tit IirJ!ikll!l.
Jul,, in Xorth Ctrolma is even now ailovmj the , morianj uuu ' - I .U a n.b
J 1 , , i 4.r Tcnn.. v id probably recover. leustangni
"ivil'-;t 'of the- vr-txt of habfJ! corpus to a tieserter, r
j . n t . 1 i. . 1 r m
arh tr'.9T"ih irt his petition that he is a dtstrter .' Geeral L. J. Gartrell is slouly impr. V.ing.
the e'Ject of which will be to l?gitimate deser- J ijp had lWo iL 5 broken by a sr-.eil at Cooa-
I
tion and thereby deprive Congress of the pc-wer J
of making " rules for the government ai.d regu
lation of the laud aud aval fore s."
State Legislatures have jr-etised like s
sumption claiming the right to crate State
c '?cv., to pronounce upon their necessity for the
administration of the State government te ex-
wat hi-.
i he obj-ct cf tho U-n. A. R. Yright, of
Georgia, in coius Nervh. was to prccuie a
! parole tor his s.na pris ner at Camp Chase.
. ;
From the Sorlh.
The Richmonuhpapers cf Saturday, contain a
batch of extracts from Northtro pa pars, of very
emy t then as such out 1 f rhe military iexvice i importaice. The story of the Ulairs com-
c.f the Confederacy ; thus palpably impediug ; gcuth os peiiCe neg.Ajatfcrs u now denied j
they came as visiters to Grant, aud nothing j
Cor.grt.ss iu its power "to raise armies.
Individual in the S:tes, boldieff that the
1 more.
Tight to assemble and petition for the redress j Xne Nohcrn papers copy the cotGrious article j
cf grievances is a ppuUr prercgative, ioclu- j from Kicto.oud Enquirer, about "abandoning j
eiing tha right to complain of, denounce, abus? siaTtry iu the Suth, provided 'Franca and j
and stinitize the govern nent, have not only : an(j tDgiaud will guarantee the indVpeBdcaee j
leiperlaol from Hood.
tHp f!lfition of the 2'2d says : Wc have just
I n.rcn,i 'with an officer from Geu. Hood's
rsliglon, physicians nd fcrioeltnsters.. All tbe and jearn that on Thuisday morning,
farmcw of the country are put ; into the arniy, ; . r ' tlft anemv formed in litre of battle
iu front f Gen. Sears' brigade- of French s
Division, on the leA of the liitlsioro' pike,
aud at the same time advanced in heavy lines
t .( battle ia front of the cavalry near the
Hardin pike, threatening to cut off Ector's
brigade of French's division,, which W113 two
raifes distant on the Hardin pike. Col. Cole
man, commanding Ector & brigade of French s
division, then fell back by swinging around
fnrmp.1 the extreme leat m tne army.- 1
r As the enemy advanced and extended to
,ur left, they passed Geu. Walthall' division
ad Sear's brigade, and obliged them to fall
back, and the line was formed between the
HilfsbW and Granny White pikes', supported
by Johnson's division. . Ector's brigade occu
pied a high hill on our extreme lett. John
son's on his light, less -commanding, and the
plain beyond. About 4 p. m., the enemy
pressed Jounsou irom nis pmuou uo icie-ee
tbo centre of our left wing, and nearly gained
the Granny White pike, when it became dark
and the fighting ceased.
Coleman, with Ector's brigade, held his
positiea all nifat, aed thus checked the ad
vance of the enemy. No fighting occurred on
the centre or right.
That night our line was formed near lue
Granny White pike and across it. Ector still
being op the left, supported by Bate- oa tho
One lUbie to military service is enrolled by
the Ennllirg officer rf his county, hut he
fore I c is ordered to camp is appointed a
uoliceman in tho town of Salisbury. IJis en
rollment pmshim in tho military serxiee of
the Confederate States and hfc tiibsr.quent
appointment as policeman docs not entitle
him to discharge. Case cf ll. If. Pari th. ''-
-Same detlded in the case ot ni. lb Llark
policeman of Fayette itb.
Pearson, C. J., dissent idg.
.ThecAot or Congress of the ,l7h February,
1864, exempttne from miliury service on
editor ol each newspaper being published at
the date ot the Act, applies only to prsi ns
rot then in tie army. Thereh-ie a soid'er
absent from his command on turtoush, who
comm-ncpd the etliting and puML-hing of a
paper on the 4th February, 18G4, ami was so
doing at iho date 01 tne aci aiui since. i. ui
entitled to discharge Cass tf 1 J- Sinclair.
Pearson, C.J. , dsenting.
In accordance with tl.e above, it uas after
terwards decided by iJaftle, Judge, at Cham
bers, that one who had been ei.T!l-d l y the.
Enrolling Ofher o' Orai ge County, ami-then
obtained a lease hy which he became editor
aed proprietor of the Ilillshmu Recordei for
12 months, was not entitled to Uisctiiitge. 1
Turrcntuiclsc ise.
A ol 1I1 r in tbp .1 ni.ior Reserves, while idj-
sent with leave from his command, was ap
pointed Deputy Sheriff of Granvide county,
and refuted to return to duty wherf his.leaye
was out. Ptemanded for reasons given in
BridgemanV case and intimated that a De
puty Sher.flf w not an cGicer cf ?he State, hut
merely the'ugent of the Sheriff. Case of J
Jl.rhUiot.
On' urder the ap;c of 45 years was eurolled
. in March last, but was allowed by the En
rolling Officer to rervain at home, believing
that, was exempt. He arrived to the age
il 45 years fn May following. In July he
ws oid'ied ;uto service and applied for a
I llrt wart suWcaneutly a-ain ordered
ir.to service and sent to camp, when he claimed
a discharge as belonging to the Senior Re
c, rv. Held that Lis status in the ti Vice
was fixed by tl.e enrollment, and hi attaining
the aeof fortv-fiva yers afterwards, did not
entitle him to be put iu the fcenicr reserves
Ihsicel'8 Case.
- But wh'.ro br.c who was under the age of 45
yens at the de.teof the act of Congress of 17th
February, loo4, attained i mm wiua
he was enrolled, held that ho was liabio to
service oply as a Senior Reserve, and he was
discharged' accordingly. Milts Goodwiu'e
Utrit Newt From the North.
We bva full fih ? of Northern pipers of -the
2d, from which we make vp the lollow
iof summary of news : ' '
A rf ACE MI.VloN TO aiCHMOXH. "
A despatch irom Washington say a tbat
"Francis P. Blair. s:tiior, and Montgomery
li'air, junior, have gone to Richmond on a
rrdssion ot peace," and "it id understood tht
the paes-s and orders which eever this expedi '
tmn were received b the President The
Xev Yoik Tribune, which is probably the
Lest ibfermed of U the Tankte paper; of
the desigLS and projects of Lincoln's adnin
btrath r, has a.pronduent, double traded atl
ite-rial on the subject, it which it sajs:
"Our h.si cipatch fioai'Wishington spates
thai Messrs. Francrs P. Blair, senior, and
Ids w n Montgomery, havifgnneto Richmond,
.cLd that it is ubdmU-rd that their crrapd is
tue'of peace or, perhaps "we should raoro
aci-urnttiv ay, to sco wl ether finy tcrminatioa
.oi our Nutit ti.d ;trugr;le it now attainable.-
We ftrrsnme their mission is rot iu terms offi
cialj but it wrra absurd to pre tod corrtd
oring whe thtjy are, and what are their per
sonal reiati.u s to the PreiJent tbat it is
unauthorized.
WLile we ' consider Riehmr.nd ahmt" the
least U pefukp. int in the i "onfedersey at which
10 sel; an acceptable peace, and regret that
the Msrs Blairs had net proceeded, or of
fered to proceed, direct to" Rah ign instead,
and w! i!e tve can scarcely enxourage hopes
of any immcdiaic pacification as a resoU of
this misin, we r- ice thst it has departed,
aud ate confident tht its inflocnecs will be
salutary and its ultimate conseepuences bene
ficent. Fur the Southern peo(iu iecd, above
all tdgs, to be undeceived with regard to
the crijjn, impulsesjaul pcrposts of tne war
for the Uui. n. They hve so long been in
cosanily u ld that the North is fighting for
subjuga.ion for uniestrieted ihrcinion for
spoiiatKn, derastw'ion and Tapine that thoa
- sands who shoi.ld know a" treat deal better
actuaiiv tjtm to believe it. Ttie vim of Hie
Mefsts. B'aiisto pdchmoad, a.d the propati
tio- s wl ioh'tliey will ilt re (doubtlcts) submit
to the (Vuiltdertote ci i ds, cannot le kept from
the knowledge el tl.e South . and cannot fail
to He 'la-gel j ijl!-endal in dUabusing tho
Southern mi"d It shall I hence uppear that
the N.tih want n'-hdy tnlavdd, but every
.b dy U Derated, noboily dc-r poiicd,' but the
' rigots and earrings of every human being
plated uuder the piotectirn of jutt and equal
Uws, then we say it is scarcely lowible tbut
thcli-roe mabgtdty, the vcugciul hate, whidi
h ive tht s far auitnated the rebel masse ia
their war upon their own cumtry, cao retain
thiir virulence unmodified.. Ami at all event,
in thi mit.sie.ntLe civilhd wrld wi!l see,
..vfin thou.jh Dixie should still obstUately
bandage its ow n ejes, the cfidtnee of a spirit
pervading our l-yal pecple aud their Goyern
ment cpine dilTcrut from that persistently as
cribed to tinm hy their enemi'S. We are
. theicfore iuchufd to attribute a profound g
liificance to the vhit of the Messrs. B'aiis to
Richmond, and- tt. expect fiotn it beneficent
evrn thoujh not immediate nor very palata
ble results."
v A d- spatch Irom Potlrcs Monroe bjjs:
k .... iw
Tne Hon. Montg omery Wair ana traun i .
BLdr anived hero yesterday, and left at a Ute
hour h si eetoing. on a -viit to the srmy
operating ag iinat Miohroond. '
exhiuited the freedom of speech" without
ef the Southern CorifederM?y ; bu: ascribe it to j
abridgement, but have indulged in the most j tue Richmond Sentinel t which tbey tay is Pre?i
wanton license of peech sndof the press, until j fcnt ljavis' organ, and speaks his sentiments,
the betur portion of the pecple are disturbed j There ia about as much reason and truth in the
by agitation, those less well disposed are made statement, as there was use for the following
di?atisfied and discontented, and the promulgt- ; ynkee accompaniment of the statement :
tion f dissension at hmehas disseminated an ; Tve fpij0WjBg editorial from the Richmond
cv-l infiaence in the army. ! Sfutvrrl has been deemed by Secretary Seward
, nr.i i ' of fcucu inaporiance, and so truly representing
Ine material results of these impediment . u( tbe s&mh atdeff D;,5s8 own
in tbe path of guveramect, have been to , intention, that he has ordered copies cf it to be
weaken our numerical force in the nld to ! tent ta ur foreign leaders, to ebow that the
j .v j;. ,-.u 1 tebel Government Js admitted by their owa
r , . . ministers to be a failure, and that, already ex-
break down us currency to brea tne pmt j hau3lt)y arid w-rB ,ut, they arc seeking lor some j
of the people with g:ooru and dtspondtrcy ! prt of refuge ; atd this tcing the case, that i
to cause dis.-ension.uivisu.u and discard, and to i thy be no loger considered ss ' belligerents." i
eiicourfte the ccemv to more persistent rfforta Thoae most familiar with Jeff Davis and hi. j
, p . i writings declare this to be from his pen.
war. In this state of the case, som thing ' - . i
is to b.doe.- It had been much better if the- ; . Among the odd freaks ef French specuk
, . . . . . . ion may be mentioned the opening ot a stoop
iomcucrai 'tul. p f K , f T0,dan'S waters. lor tne
assumed its brcadest attribute of author
ity, and n:.ver permitted for a moment an no- thus honored in chrisieuing.
beuetit of thovs who wish their babes to be
except the bonded overseers of lo able bodied
field hand- ; and even th y, it seems, might
have been deprived of the benefit of the ex-
caiption, had they been enrolled sicce the 1st
of February 1SG4, but for a special provision in
their favor. Se 4th 'par..ef the 10th sec. of
the act of February ,J8'4. Looking them over
ti.o whr.lfl fic.t from the first f ection to the last,
Um un.ible to discover anything, either in its
latuage or its spirit, which releases er exempts
from service any person already in the army as
n fcoidh-r. The fact that by another act ot Con
.rp.r.fn.e.rs ai.d soldiers in the army may
become execpt from further eervice by being
elected to certain offices or phics of trusr, either
in tbe State or Coufederat3 Government, does
not affect the present case, which depends, if
the view in which I am now taking ot ir, eoirreiy
vPon the conduction of the act oftFebruary,
18G1.
The second portion taken for the pe-
M.iuiier by his counsel, is a much more impor
tant cne, affecting as it does, the relative
powers and, rights of the Confederate and
State-Governments-; audi therefore approach
:.e. . U ,1 : nj.lr -.. - nirll.
ItS GlSCUSSlOa Willi imn.il uiuiuciiu- ,
lar as I find th the conclusion at which I
have arrived is at variance with thft opinion
entertained by many of those for whos learn
ing l1 ability I entertain the highest respect.
Tbe difficulties of tho case arise from the fact
thoi tl,.. A! p tersons are cidzecs of two
parate and oistinct sovereigns, to both of
which tfcey owe duty and allegiance. If the
constitutions, up-n which these tespectrve
"cvirnmcnts arc bttsed, be rightly construed
nd rigidly adhered to, there will be htt e or
no danger of their clashing or interfering with
each other in their respective ilemands of ser
vice from tb,e reople. In the distributiom-bf
fITe powers of sovereignty, it is conceded tbat
the States have conferred upon tbeConfederate
government the war power, that is the power
t declare w ar, and to raise and support armies.
It b'asbeen held ljj all tbe great statesmen uu
judges of the country thnhis power i,h
a shght fxceptioo, unlimited. Iu aid of Ibis,
ai d the othor powers vested in the general
o-ovemmeut, tne Coustitution declares that
G.neress shall have power to make all laws
whWh shall be uectwary and preper for carry
ing thein" inte execution.' See art. 1, sec. 8,
par. 18 And it asserts the supremacy of the
Coufede'ra'e States as to the powers cpoferred
- ,n th HnvrrnmeuL bv declaring that "this
Constitution and the laws of the Confederate.,
. Stales, made in pursuance thereof, snail oe
the Supreme law of the land, and the Judges
shall be bound thereby, anything in tho Ou.
case. "
One who had put a substitute iu the army
and afterwards becamft liable to service by
rasm of the Act of Congress on the subject,
was ear. l!ed in May last btt prior io his
enrollment was employed in the newspiptr
tifiice of the Raleigh Standard and claimci by
the edicrof that paper as necessary fur the
n.ndnrtin'T'of the same, in accodaoce with
the provisions of the act of 17h.. February,
1864. Held that he was entitled to l is t'.is-
charge, not having ueen wn-mu
was so em ployed, Case ofim IV. T.l'xhmch
One of the conditions of exempti n of the
owner or manager of.15 able bodied hands at
work ou a farm on the 1st 'Januxjy 164, is,
that euch person shall sell his surplus ol
provisions and grain now ou baud and which
he may raise from year to year, t-; the gov
ernment &e., that is on hand at the date of
the act or 17th Feb. 186. Where one ha v
ing been befoie enrolled applied for a detail
and was not ordered into service until some
time in November, 18G4, chum-i- an ex
emption and tendered a lud to thJ Gov
ernment as the owner acd manager ut 15ab.e-
bodicd hands, hett tnai lie ws noi ftuuw
to bxcmplion. That the Government may
have the benentoi mo cobolwu, ueu
cation must at least be made whhiu a reason
aide time. Nit-e months is But such Uuie.-"-
left. ' ,
Tbe next morning tbe action commeuced
early by canmniading on both sides, aud con
tinued till 10 a. m., when everything indicated
a general engagement.-
Our loss on Thursday was small; while that
f thp encmv vas much irreatfcr from our ad
vantage of position. Gen Sears was wounded
and had his kg amputated, but was doing
well.
Seventeen hundred Yankee prisoners, cap
turtd by our forces at different' places on the
iranr towards Nashville, arrived at Barton,
on the Memphis and. Charleston railroad, to
day. ,
It will be seen-irom the above, that Cole
man, with bis North , Carolinians, " he:d his
position " in the disastrous battle near Nash
ville, and "checked the advance of tae enemy.
Good for North Carolina. ;
Vakkek Atk?citikb The Teadr Las scare
ly forgottea the record of Yankee outrages at
ir.n.M.ill in m. Ute issue. Two of the la-
nstes mentioned last week became inmates or
the Insane Asylum at Columbia, South Caro
ina. ."""
Vase of Murdoch While.
A soldier in the army ia Rat Tent essoe,-j
vrho was there arrested by order of bis aupe- L
rior cfiieer andut toanoury, auu uwwuw
in ch.se e-or.finemcnkby order of the Secretary
uf War, to await charges to e preferred
agato&t him, caunot be dibcharged from such
custody upon a writ of habems corpus. Civil
tribunals cannot interfere iu sucn. cases, but
tbe party U left to be dealt with by tbe mili-
Ury authorities according to military law.
Ca$e of Joseph JCx .
Tbe Act cf Congress of the 17th of Febru
ary, 1864, "allowing tbe impressment of free
negroes between the agea ef 18 and 50, for
labor on fortification, preparation of material
of war, and service iu military hospitals, u
constitutional. A free negro tbu imprteed;
whobas entered ioio an agree mem io serve a
.uif. in, 4rm uf 09 vears. does uot
tbtreby becene a aUv for 4U tue, or cease
to be'hable to the operation of tne. Act of
Cwogrc. He cannot therefore be. ducnarged
by habeas corpus when conscripted lor sncb
work. Cases of Casey and otkersjrom Bay
wood Ottuity.
1 noil M1KRUAN. -
The Noriheru papers have no hiog from
Snermaa. But a despatch from Washington
Bays:
The President, in gleeful spirits, announced
to a visitor at the White House on Saturday,
that he expected mwmeutaiily to receive tho
lest of news from Sherman, on the war path
after Hardee and hfs ft teen thousand rauaway
rebels ; also from Thomas, who appears to the
lcsi.:tit to be first in the set ol making a
mie ai d final grab at Hood; alsj from David
, otihi8 march to Mobile. Mr. Lincoln
has ni'v.r 1 eon more gleefnl and conftd'V.t
since the war broko out'than 'to-day.
THK kXPKl)ITI"N ACAlNsT AVlUllaOTOX KN
TlRtLY ABAS'D)WID,S '
A dispatch Irom Fortress Mrnroe'sajs that
i.ear'y all the steam is cjiu prising tfce pV r
linn ot tbe rxreditionarv hVet urder tbe com
mand of ll-jorGeueral Butler, which saioi
hence several weeks ince. have returned in
snfety." Tne New York 7Vt'one adds:
A despatch from Wilmington announces ths
withdrawal of Admiral Porter's flaet We ,
presume the statement is correct. 0itf of the
greatest nncal expedition of modern times th us
reaches a miserable conclusion,
A pretty g-od coufesion for the Tribune
Per contra, the. Baltimore American Kays :
Thst the attack has been giyej up for any
length of time wc cannorbelieve.
The h.tes-t advices reccivsd from Admiral
Toner represent htnyis still subjecting Fort
-Fisber to a vigorous bomb ird ment.
The Titbu'tti defends General Butler from
toe charge ot the rop r.Mbility for the faituro
of the t xpedit ou agdi;a Wilmington-and
tays:
Sundry new-papers last week maie hasto to
declare that the failure of the expcditUwwas
chargeable to General Butler. Naval officers
will st-trcelv thauk those f apers for their sud
den displ-ry'of zeal ia bel aU of the naval ser
vice. The force under Admiral Porter coosisted
of about seventy vessel and sx hundred guns.
General Butler's commatd did uot reach, all
told, teven thousand men. 'In order, thcre
, fore, to throw tbe responsibility of failure on
the latter, Admiral Porter must declare that
bis enormous flset was fcup'-ro' ded iu impor
tance by two or three m-ides ef colored
Ir ocps, and that his work become irapratic
bleassoonas their co-optation was with
drawn. . ,
o o When the time for ex-
faaatien arrives General Bailer will probably
b found abundantly able to defend himself.
But inco tbeo matters get into the newspa
pers, it is worth while notice who is most
anxious to present his spology to tha public.
And it Will perhaps be found tbat be who is
swiftest to make an apology is be who stands
io need ot one.
CoairtnctsTAar Oeosk. The following
order baa been issued by Gau. Bragg, ocrapU
raeatio g Gen. Leventhorpeaod the troops under
bis oommand, fvr their gallantry in repelliog
the foe in his advacet up the Roaaoke river ;
HcAtHtvaaTaas DaraaTMSVT N. C.
YilaiDgtoo, Dec 31st, 1804.
Ertrtct . "
Stkcj xl Orders,
St. 25 . ) n , . '
IIL The CoaimacJmg Geaeral having read
tkeoQeitl report of the defeat of the taeevr's
resent expedition up the Roanoke River, takes
nleasafe ! ackaowledgisg the gallantry ef Ua
voops engaged and tho aetivit and beldseas
with which Biig Qen Leveataerpe eondoctod
ibo operations.
By order sf Gen Bkaqo:
3 ARCUER ANDERSON
A- A. Otaeral.