v. j , '-. ft. v.-' ' -' ( ' f -r-
O
THE CONFEDERATE.
H EDNESDAT, Februarj 21, 18H
Ihc Action of Congress.
We lay Ivf -re our rentiers the action, cf
Cucgrcsa in the list moments. The Currency
au l Mo'it.iry bills, and the Tax bill, have all
Wcu passed, and have been apprised. The
Currency bi!i will alfr 1 grounds for complaint
an J grumbling. This was to be expected.
0:j such a subject, to please every body was
simply a "i irmssil! iiy. Congress has met
the necessities of th.? nation. It Ikts laid a
lx to meet t'ac wants i)f the ;ov-eri:-nent
and it holds out asvstem of fundin:adt:iuate
to absorb tin? redun l.ney ,f the currency tw
ln.ilt'i the new" issue equal to 'ild--to destroy
ardnig, and to vo the nation -from bank
ruptcy. There is no repudiation in the mat
ter and the bill approaches as near equality
a c-uld : e expected. Thg Military bill will
designate the weak and timid the moiiej
maker, mil'ers, mayor, town Commissi -ers
-Justice.- of the IVace an 1 Home GiurJ i.iBiwm,
iu' , a I of whom we hope may now be Jis-
, pense-1 with, or their places supplied by men
C; 1 enough t ) do th du'ies of their places,
an 1 t f)'M to serve in the field. Wc shall
ou ca!i uvo i G v. Vance not to stand in the
way of SUin-.: up the ar uy. The soldiers
Tan t help tley re I Hiking to see who gives
nr.. I who .withheld. it. lie is t e s MierV
frienj who .-ends tbem the m .st meti to helrj
th'.-m stand PMrl, dig entrenchments,' work
roads, do picket, and fight. C ingress has
earned nel! of the s ! Ikrs a-id their friends
at luuue. Th" 'Uthoricy tos'pen I the Hal, is
O.rpusfcoi a?d fr by th 'r&si lent, and !
piv?n by Congress in terms- expressive of ite
cor.li-'er.ce in the integrity and discretion of
t!:e Executive.
L.t no "i nun h'i a! ir:nfd. The lib
erties cf the p" p!e a-e (Nor) 1 vil at the feet
( " 'he Pre-' lent." X li ert v wi'd'beds
turb'l, ix x'pt of trait r. conspirators, ilio.se
v!,o asit ti.e eneinv, ex i'ers of servi!e in
tirrectl ii, de-eiters atid ttieir ei.c-.urasjers,
tradei with thjt fipn y, inciters to
abaiidon the C jnf. it rate cause, bridge bur
iitrs, teleu'raph u"tr yers, Arc. If the Stand
ard uieans tv class the pe ple with tht-se char
acters, be docs ti.e people creat iij;ttice.
Thte cl.aract' js had letter t ot wait for
the 8:h of April to say .heir prayers. They
bad bettor tedn to pray 'immediately, and
pray With out cadn, if per;. venture some
s-avit.;! r.ice may recr.e them fr -ni t':.e dvi:
a d-pot to who:n their liberties ave beeu'
5 me time s'.trroadered.
We shAll
kii-nb.
di
these- matters more at
Di'si rters AVl'.u Responsible.
In tin1 Stand t-u of yt . -Unlay we tiud the
f .ll-orinc:
, nJ? ,,f the th ? I:sf ructive j urr n's. f"r
iirty purpo-es. are en I. w il;ij t produce
"the imprePn; that ti.e St an i. uu is respoa-'".-.ible
f r dt'sortjons from ti.e. anny. Tnere
' i.-i no f -oi'i.l irion f r tifs charge, a.ii these
j -uruals kn w it."
If we would atttibufe a fault to the Stan
t'.ird that d ( s not pr-periy belong to it, then
w;- are wht.v in-jrant of our ivn nature.
Wo ( c. irlf - l t ut tne editorials of the
Standard A ir? product'! v!is rti iwi from the
array, and 'hatha pap r is respon-ib'e for
the r.: !.: !am i t 1 c 'ti-e.piUiC-s. . We Would
ti. i: f
n-.ilt a i. t intended
r 1 1 oi th'j rt-.tli ::. !:. w j ic'trid u''ed
e1 l.-t.t e. This evoin.ee in pait we now lay
l efo: e trie public
Fir.-t. we have s e i !rf t rs at.d liavc heard'
; :. fii.'ers t f the army who are perfectly re
i at'ie, that "ii .-cvcial eccaio:.s when tbecx
t uti rs t f d-.N! rt-4s have t iken place, the
c". iernnd men have stnt d in their last
si ui-nts. that they were in.iu-ed to desert by
l. a iii i; the 6 iear-. Ti ere are several
vae.
Seeonil, uelave !;.-w before us a I tter
tr-.tn a Capfairs -f tin- 2nd Keioment of State
Tr v.ps at.d we have l.H-lv had an interview j
v i'.ii the Cipt.iin l.v nse';i. lie give us in
person, and gives in the letter astattineiH "f a
vi.-ot w'.ieh !) i-.tr iy mi'le to a so d'er from
i..'.o i tic; f tin- l it U g;njist, bv the i.:ne
' K win. w , in, il. r cot.deini.ation f t
. tti- -n. Tie i-iier was ;fk'd why h"
i - - rn -i at. I be repiitd. ' I Ji l not like
' 11 n'.-'in I I !i t i"! c iiJ h K.k uit'l-r
i : -i ! p,-t fl UH-fi'tn brr;tne the
':: i t 1 !t! uu ihlvt J :!!? ('C nuncnt
i f- ri.n -i i '. iii tr-ur-l .. ;i 'b tct aini
' ...- ir-. ;.' it"nni t t!if I'uii-n
At-ain
1 ax
t:. f. , r i'(',k r f.-m am-th
r ;:;C'.r. a j i iv .te -ttt-r ;'nidr'-s-d to a ft tend
1 i.t to us by. t;.at friend. This
t ; '.t r jv'i.rs t . t;.e s.i ti.e x-cution . Its wri
t' r .ixs t .at 1 e i.- rid ii.e man. King, from
U i: ". J i , the d y 1 c re h's x- i uiioii. and
i;. that iiirv't-A he swittd to i i:n, thwt he
at i 1 i '.!! !: preM tit positio!: t the wriiirgs
of the MaiuJard. I'.l li.il'. ef the 4:h ll'g't.
rord'icteil the exeeU'.ion. Iu tlu n'omeut
whtu ti e eyes of the eor.,len.t)ed weie biind-
1 ded, and tartii f.at ver shut upon his view
f.cing the r:il wi.icii were aimed at his
heart, jt.st behr.- the command was given to
l ie i. t his bo:y he ttated to Lt. Ooti "th'tt
l.'te t'frml jnl pa per had b.oxujht him to that."
This i the teMimoi.y the dead man.
i.ut r.vi.TY had n-j to srrve ? Tne otliceis
are r-.'sp..-,.il ;(Ud rspecable men and
the.r i anas rn.y he had for ti.e akiu2.
We ktiow not how this xi ay afleot the Stan-tl.-.r
.1. For eurseUc-, rasher inigi.t aiill.; ball
eia.: ti n ugh '-ur brain, than Lave this wte
It - i e cry, from the depth of the grave,
ringing accusation in our ears, as an accessory
tfdea:'.i.
We see by a notice in the Charlotte Bidletin,
that Uovcrr.i r Vance is to address the people
at 5atevilie, on to-mornjw. We hope our
Irieud Drake of the ' Express, " will furnish'
us at the earliest moment, with an account of
the THsitions takeuby the Governor, on. the
The Balelsh Progress,
WJih we commeaced to edit Th Confederate,
we did not expect to be brought ia contact with
the above named paper. , We had oar reasons
for observing silence with regard to it; among
which, one was, that we found a well seWed con
viction in the public mind, that the oster
. sible Editor did not wholly control its editoriaj
columns, but that they were open to outsiders
uuJer his cover. And . as we did not wish to
start a rabbit in the open field and have him to
escape into somebody's private warren, we pre.
ferred to fcfVgo the hunt altogether
Several reasons have, however, contributed
to necessitate a change of course on oar part.
First of these is a sense of public duty. It has
seemed to us all the time, thtUthe political con
duct of this paper was more -dangerous 4th an
that of the Standard ; for it possessed all the bad
qualities of the latter, while it lacked all the
good traits that the Standard unquestionably
possesses. The one .beiog an open and bold
vender of a distinct poison while the other
mixes his doses with a variety of deleterious
drugs. Besides this, a paper for which we have
great respect, the Sentinel of Richmond, has
lately brought the Progress into a prominence
that magnifies its capacity for harm The in
tention of the Sentinel was a laudable one, only
he did not know the state of affairs in North
Carolina. '
Iu addition the Progress, in a side way (and
we think we know the "ear marks") has
made an allusion to us of course to mis
represent us for no other notice could have
beeerxpected. The allusion Was so distinct as
r to make it impossible to escape our observation.
DerMg thus obliged to admit the Progress into
the arena of our contemplated discussion, we
shall treat it as an adversary, and confine our
selves strictly to the discussion of its political
merits and demerits. It claims to be a neutral
paper ami if it understands by that term what
we do as applicable to itself, then there will be no
difference of opinionbetween uson'that score.. If
to have no opinion of its own, at all constitutes
this character of neutrality then no one will
forbid the claim that the Prorsfs sets up to
it. If, ou ti.e other hand, to-be at the service
of most anybody's opinion, '"an eclectic rather
thmauinsipil original," .constitutes a neu
tral then, the Progress is a model for an artist
who would chisel out this statue for (to
change the metap'.ior,) surely it is a swimming-place
for all fish, whose adaptatiou is
to shallow water. ' '
We are how fairly sta ted In our contest
with the Progress a berculaoeau undertaking
it is,at least iu one poiut of view as those will
at once understand who are familiar with the
labors of Hercules. Before we proceed to take
points about Uie Progress which will demand
heavierordhur.ee than that we propose at
present, we wu-h to get positiou so as to com
mand certain outposts to the citadsl of our
eotemporary. The sentinel, whi di fhe
Pi ogress keeps to watch against attack, is a
Volunteer enlisted under the name of self com
placency a more untiring holy guard it
wire difiieuit to discover". He is sleepless
and vigilant not 'nly the watchman lor the
inner lii cs, but ti.e exponent of the garrison
in all its dealings with the foe. This senti
nel we mean to captirr or destroy. But
j-we weary of the figure and will run it out no
linger. It is as difficult with the subject to
make a trjpo, as a troophy.
When we spoke of the C-complaccncy of
the 1'iogiess, we meant that freedom from
m-ntal or bodily perturbation that tnajosti
cal sense of consequence, with which the
Progress indites such editorial as this (we
only give the substaace, n t having tne file :)
we hear that "Df. II ge is speaking ifi bis
address of the -symptthyof English people
with th? cadse of the" Confe. eracy All
Aojti.'" 'I here is no insipidity in this dispo
Mtiori uf a man. It is true tlrat Dr. Hoge is a
most eminent preacher and teacher of finish
ed education capable of observation; and in
capable of falsifying what he has i-een and
with ample opportunity of arquiring the in
formation he voluu eers. But out of the pe
cu'.i ir armorv which the Progress cau com-
nand. a weapou is furnisned which depute lies'
him at a blow.
- Oi al'.u iing to the supposition that
(ienvrul Polk in Mississippi had inhibi
ted telegrapidc cimimunication our Prog
ress a.sserts the consequence of ' such ridi-
culotis orders-." Now adndtting ail the equal-
i iy of rank, capacity and .intelligence and
tin re is some approach. to erptiality for Getd.
Po'k is tup'y a Litotenant (Jeueral and the
Progress tens a Lieut-jjiai.P and Gen. Polk
has s;-eu s me tigtifg, the Progress has
heard it the only dill-rence being in th
employment of separate set ses. Nevcfthe
less, de.'ite tlie tquality, we claim that the
j reseme of Gen. Polk t tlie spot would in
cdi.e the weight in bis betudf, if any other
thau the Progress "was the contravening au-"
tnority. One ireful ltssoii is taught in the
fite of the two gentlemen who. have fallen
u:t!er the Pi ogress and that ia, that great
nun may be slain by a kick, as easy as by a
bullet.
Oil Monday we shall progress with the sub
ject ; and the public will theu see the reason
why we have devoted ourself to the task.
Ihe Raleigh Progress Continued.
With all its professions of neutrality, this
paper, so far at leabt as its editorials are con
cerned, has been the systematic supporter of
the Convention agitators. It is tine occasionally,
when some grave cogent reason has modified its
tone, it has for the oouce adopted a sort of
non-commitalism for the purpose in view ; but
the reader could have no difficulty in assigning
its true .position, nor fail to derive from its
columns a corrcct.conclusion of thw bide it ad
vocates. It has been an agitator of the most
consummate dye.' When we shall obtain a copy
of its files, we shall be able to furnish complete
proof of the attitude it has held. For-tbe pre
sent, it will be sufficient "for our purpose to ad
duce such testimony as this: -
The agitators themselve regard-it as a mem
ber of their faction. In the Greene County re
solutions is to be found this commendation of
heir recognized ally, and a happy stimulant to
its future exertions : .
" JUsohed That we endorse the Progreslia
peple"are threatened by the Yankees. Our
own Government must be then the assailant
against which is necessary this " bold and fear
less defence47 ; and it is against our own Govern
ment that this McDuff is invited to lay bn..
While. the Progress has obtained this recogni
tion at the bands of the agitators, the Yankees
. are unequivocal in their uhderstandipg of its
place. We have before oar eyes copy of the
" North Carolina Times, " published at New
born by one Gee. Mills Joy. On its one side it
'has a column from the New York Tribune,
edited by a Yankee .called Horace Greely on
the other, near a column from the editorials of
McDuff. On that of the ancient Horace, it.
makes no comment at Jill but on that of the
modern McDuff, it comments for a column, de
riving from if an editorial styled "The Senti
ment of North Carolina." One of the chief in
gredients of this sentiment it alleges as fol
io its:
'"Dragged out of the Federal Union by foul
4 conspiracy, misrepresenting the people, she
"(North Carolina) fidds herself again earnestly
" and realously contending for her rights
against Davis' despotism. "
. North Carolina Times Yankee.
" And what can it mean..unles3 it indicates
" secession from sece8sion.,, "
North Gzrolini ( Yankee) Times.
In the column' from McDuff, of the Ral
eigh Progress, is found this sentiment :
" We tell MrT Foote that the people cf
- " orth Carolina who et out to fight for free-"
'dom ami lib-rty, will not subrnjt'to- a Dicta
" tor in the person of any living man, -
"hut if we are to have a Dictator and a mil
" iiary d-spotism, North Carolina will. fall
back upon her own sovereignty." Raleigh
Progress, Dec. 31st as copied in Vj the Td-'
kee Times. . -
Let the public "note : The Yankee calls our
Government "the " Divis despotism." Th'e
Progress d?noun"c-: :t as a " Dictator and a
military diSj;-.'.u-i":i." Wo rather think the
Yankee is ti e n.o i-i of die twQ. 'The Yan
kee calls i!)-1 ri-niHy ;i seeession from seccs
sion ;" the Pr..j,ress aPs it a" dl back upon
her own sovereigaty." We rather think the
Yankee the more intelligible of ihe two.' One
thi'ig is certain -here are two veritable Mc
Dnfk both "Lying' on" with 'endge's so
much alike that their blows are almost iden
tical. But if anything were wanted to fix the
status of McDuff, we have it iu the following'
extract Irom icolumns, which we take from
an exchange : "
" We learn that fwere is a very large peace
" party in Georgia, and that the eace feeling
" is very strong, and t'iat prominent men
"openly advocate Stats actiou. Gov;
" Brown, we learh- from good authority, fa-.
" vors iylate action.'- llnlpgh Progress.
Here are three announcements, ere this, no
doiib: , transferred from the columns of the
Progress to those, of the Yankee "Times'
at Newbern, as evidence to our enemies of
the Gcorgii sentiment. Vhat" are they ? '
First, That there is a large peace party in
Georgia. Docs that mean that the people of
Georgia design jieace en the basis of iudtjien
deuee ? JCiearly no for if this had been
' the meaning it would have beeu stated : but
thf statement is "a large pafty" party as
contraiii.-tiuzuished from th; whole. Now as
every man. won. an and child would thank
Got! for peace on the tejms we have stated,
Was parly must be for peace on & ni9 other
terius. The meaning is solved- bv the next
propoeition ihat " pron:iient men openly
advujate State ajCti.-u." Slate ttclidii I what
.State action? If there were any State action
that Georgia could take that would be legiti
mate, and this, is what is meant, then why use"H
the p'mase that pro&tiueut men openly advo
cate it? Tne concluding proposition is, that
the Progress- learns " from good authority,"
that ' Govern or Brown favors Sate actiou. '
The meaning is too explicit to be doubted : . It
is that the agitators iu this State bavehympa-
thizers iu Georgia, who wish peace " on the
last terms they can get,' by State action,
irrespective of the Confederate Government,
and if neeess-ary, opposed to it.
Let us see how Georgia papers understand the
Progress. We quote from " The Intelligencer"
published at Atlanta ; a first class representa
tive'of Georgia sentiment. This, paper of
February 12lh's&'s: "P. ace parties and
State' acti-m." This is the last pretext started
by the traitors in North Caro.ina to carry out,
their iiifaurous plans."
Then is copied the above extract irom the
Progress. The In'.elligencer" then .goes on
" Thcjeople - of this State (Georgia) are
" f r a return of that peace and prosperity
' which once blessed their, country ; but not
44 at the pri. e of independence and hottor.
, o o 2or vtiii then- ever ixj found a man
" bold enough to :. -.--.'e d-M State of Geergia
44 by advoc.-'i.:.- ,;:;y o icti 4 rinciples as those
" which hav.j ..- ;.. -wg'.t Drward by the
44 pcae pa iy i '. N'ciii Carolina
"State iirfi,,,, V (sty this pape'r) that the
44 different S a's shall in re the Confederate
44 Gvernn er t and endtavor to come terms
44 with le North.' It is the cry "of the
44 traitor." . ' .
...
How des the Progress relish this resMn-b
from Georgia? We have ltKkeilin vain for
ar.y other sertiment from that "State, "and we
. Jory to find our Southern sk-ter thus sweep
ing, 44 like chaff before the wid " the unjust
aspersicns that would calumniate her charac
ter. - .
Thus is the status of the Progress fixed by its
allies by the Yankee organ 'in Newbern -"by
loyal papers df other States and bv itself.
We commend fhese thiugbtsto the Progress;
they are worthy cf i4s serious meditation. If
now -that the privilege of the Habeas Corpus i
t my he strjpecded by the President, if in his
judgment the public safety requires it, will not
such editorials produce the necessity T And if
the authority be exercised, will not the "Presi
nt or the officer to whom he entrusts to' en
force military law, deem it his duty to regar4
this as a military offence, the least punishment
for which would be to transfer the party from
the exercise of the pen to that of the musket ?
We urge upon the" Progress, and through it
upon the people of the State, that oar property
4 4 it already gleams in the dawn of indepen
4 dence.nRoMgh Standard, July 30fA,; 1862.
. , - The First Flash. -
EXPLANATION OF THE 44 irs." . ' -
There has been another meeting in Greene.
TVe observe the names are Ihe game as those
at the last agitation meeting in that county.
This meeting presents the following proceed
ings: - - ' . 1
4 Resoled, That while we -will pheerfully
support any sound Conservative, we will take
.pride. in recommend Fig to the people of North
Carolina, W. W. Holden, a, patriot and states
man, as oui' first choice for Governor.
Resolved, That the proceeding's of the
meeting be published in the Standard and
Daily Progress.''' - ......
This is yery strange, even for the agitators
of Greene. Why, at their last" meeting they
heartily endorsed Gov. YaTn'ce--and appea'ed
to him 44 to go with Jjie petple to stand by
them and die by them that his God was the
people's God, and the people's God was Ma
God." ; ' '
Now, they no longer ask him to . go with
' them or stand by theni, except so far as to
see somebody else fill his place. Now, they
very modestly request that he will only DIE
by them. - V
There w one comfort they still have con
fidence in 44 McDuff"- tor they send the pro
ceedings to the Progress for publication. But
what is to become of McDvff"? Why he has
made himself the special champion of Gov.
Vance; has time and again assumed to speak
for him so much so as to create the appre
hension that the editorials came from a source
close by the Quvernor's side.. Waiticlfno to
wonder whereabouts McDuff will lay on now ?
Perhapshe will steer clear of ihe contest al
together, and only continue to lay on, fox the
edification of brother Joy, (Yankee,) that is,
upon our Government.
. One thing is certain, the1" if." 44 if" and
"if" tliat, but a little while ag we "saw
through a glass darkly," iuw stand up be--foreus
face tO" face. L ok out for Johnston
uext, with T. Hardy,' Sect'y, rejuvenated in
the person of our competitor, Dr. Leach and
Guilford after that-'with orators full ofplethor,
and eggs and boys aud what there is left of
our 44 old friend and classmate.". To the re
cipient of this demonstration we .would ad
vise no modesty. Take the' gifts the gods
have sent :
A Braben tower if Dana? had not made,
SShe ne'er by Jove had been a mother made.
; ' .
Georgia.
A late number of the Standard published a
letter, purporting . to come from Augusta,
signed "Georgia," as an unmistakable evidence
of the sympathy of the Empire Ste with ihe
agitation in North Carolina. The Atlanta
44 Intelligencer " makes a fitting response to
this communication. It says :
44 All who read, will know the statements
of 44 Georgia " are totally false There is no
such party to the knowledge of the pcn'ple as
a 44 peace "party " in this State. o o o
Bat who is this writer froft -Augusta, who
dires to sully the name of Georgia by using it
as a signature under his dastard and treason
able article. ? This State will net suit tones
ami peace men, for neither their toryism nor
44 peacu sentiments " will be permitted here,
c o o o We permit neither treason tior
traitors in our midst, and of this fact the das
tard who wrote the letter ajydtd to, Ts well
at qua ntcd. " - .
Thus is the probe put to the vitals of this
44 Georgia " communicant, with a point of steel.
But there is one pTirase in die article of the
Intel I'oJicer, to which we take exception :
44 This is Georgia, not North Carolina."
North Carolina no more permits treason and
traitors than does reorgia. Her Press exposes
seditious and treasonable practice, and those
who practice either, with a firm, decided and
unequivocal reprobation and will demand
justice upon theii .guilty beads to the full
measure of their offending. While her Soldiers
peers among anj' will continue, as they
have alreadj' done, to write her imperishable
devotion to ihe cause in letters of gold and
letters of blood they will build her monu
ment of faithful service on a base as solffl as
the 4 rock of ages "and it will kiss the
heavens at as lofty a height, as heroig achieve
ment can elevate renown. - And at the day
of the solemn feast, her pcople sons and
daughters participants of the nation's sor- J
row entitled to share its joys will sit down
among the preudest and worthiest at the out
spread board while the insignificant number
of her unfaithful and uuworthy will not be
missed from the grant! entertainment.
Address of Congress, to the People.
ffhe Richmond ' Sentinel tof Friday contains
the address of Congress to the peopleof the
Confederate States, which was adopted by both 1
Houses. It is an admirable document, and
"will become a household word throughout our
"country. As a .temperate, 'et nervous and
manly, exposition of the causes "which impelled
to a separation -from our late associates, aud
the atrocities with which the enemy have con
ducted a war begun in perfidy and outrage, it
cannot fail to havea large influence in foreign
countries, at the same time that it will cdufirm
And animate ths res! re of our own people to
endure the utmost, severities of f rtuue.as m
fioitely to be preferied to ihe rule of our fo "
We shall publish this address in The Goiifsde
rate perlirps to-morrow and next day its
great length preventing its publication in one
issue. . -
a
The -Progress. Since the article in thu'
issue "was written relative to the Progress we
have received a hat paperof yesterday, in which
we find expessions of kindness and courtesy
towards the Editors of tho Confederate and,
indeed, that he has. even 44 defended " us that
he has not assailed us, and be has n det-ire
ta doso, &c, We desire no 44 defence
from that source, norany " controversy ".with
it, which H also 'deshes to aroid. Our busi
ness is with- the public, and the 44 record "
which the Progress bos made for itself- an d
this ihe Progress understands as well as tee do.
it it has made an ugly 44 record," 'and desires
to conceal it, that is its "business " to which
il probably refers when it speaks of4 minding
too! lmsintss. Vwe shall be able to
.'the Secretary of the Navy;
The Riclmond Sfntinel of Thursday last,
, eontatns the report of the joint attest committee
tf the two Houses -of Congress, appointed to
- examine and report upon the - operations .of th
Navy Department. - Its length preoludes its
. ineertion in oar columns to-day, bat we-shall
give place to it In a day or two. As the Senti
nel observes Mr. Mallory has been the mark .
of many a flippant" criticism. t His reputajon
. has been made the sport of a ht&ired witlings;
whose contributions to the pnblie service consist
in assailing those who are manfully at work.
The feport will, show the cruel injustice of
the assaults which have been so freely made
upon the Nary Department, and will relieve the
minds of the people from the prejudices and.
mortification which these assaults naturally
produced. . " "
After an investigation laboriously and faith- -j
fully made the committees of both Houses,
. unite in a full and generous viodjeatinn of the
Navy Department and its chief, from the Igno
rant and inconsiderate, if not -wanton, accusa
tions that have pursued theni. They testify
- that Mr. Mallory has .been ,4vigilant, industri
ous and energetic in employing the means
within his power to purchase and build navy."
The extraordinary difficulties under which he.
has labored are portrayed, jQ& they are such
. as will, at least, secure the public's indulgence,
if not. their sympathy, and will satisfy all rea
sonable citizens of the injustice which has been
done hitn. We hope with the committee, that"
44 our naval triumphs will yet rival, the heroic
and brilliant achievements of our land forces."
Suspension or the Habeas Corpus.
We publish in this issue the Act of Congress,
suspending the Habeas, Corpus act in certain
cases. . An examination of the Act will convince
all persons, that no danger need be apprehend
ed that the rights and liberties of any true
friend to the Confederate cause will be abridged
or interfered with under it. ' Some may claim
to be such, and yet be guilty ..f every unfriend
ly acts. These may very well fear the opera
tions of the law.
Those who are guilty of treason, or treason
able efforts to subvert the Government ; or of
conspiracies to overthrow the Government or
resist its lawful authority; er of combining to
assist the enemy, giving him intelligence, or
aid and comfort in any way; or attempting' to
excite servile insurrection ;nr deterting to the
enemy, or encouraging others to desert, or
harboring deserters, or of attempting to avoid
military twice ns, for instance a principal try-,
ing to avoid thelaw requiring him in the field,
by sueing out a writ of habeas corpus bef 'ore one
of our "Judges ; or spies or other emissaries of
the enemy; or holding correspondence or other
improper intercourse with the enemy ; ct of
unlawful trading with the enamj ; or of con
spiracies or attempts to liberate prisoners of
wr held by our Government; or of attempts or
ennspiracies to aid the encniy ; or of aiding or
-incitii.g others to abandon the. Confederate
cause, as seine of the executed men say they
had been ; or burning bridges, railroads or
.telegraphs; or of treasonable designs to impair
the military pnwer of the Government, bj le
strojirg or attempting to destroy any of Its
arms cf defence. - .
He that his not been, and shall not bercter
be guilty of these high' crimes, has nothipg to
fear from this 'Act. Dut those who have been,
cr may hereafter be guilty of such baseness,
may indeed, well fear and tremble. And who
will say aught against tlitir purvibmont, ex
cept it be' their fellorr instigators whr bare
been crafty enough to keep their cwa necks out
of the halter?
latest News
by the Malls.
Up to th'e present writing w'e have received
nothing further by telegraph of the operations
against ilabile. Before going to press with
this paper we shall probably be put in posses-Q
son -f the' latest intelligence. e find an
. the Richmond papers of Sa'urd.iy, the fol;
lowing tuicial despatch to the War Depart
ment :
"MoBiLEFebruary 192 P. M. "
' General Cooper, Ac. :
'Farragul has not renewed his attack 'on
Grant's pass. ' His fleet liesoflClhe pass in tha
sound. Ti.e weather is. too Ifad for action.
Sherman's corps is not advancing d vvn the .
Mobile and Ohio road. No- landing has" yet
been reported in the 'direction tif P.iscagoula,
D. II. MAURY,
Maj .aen l."
Ah offichi despatch was also received in the
course of the dy, which reduces the enemy'
demonstration at Quitman to a very unimpor
tant affair. Former despatches overrated the
enemy's force. ' General Maury reported on
Friday, that he had made a close rcconnois
sance of the enemy's force at that poiut (which
js about one hundred . miles from Mobile) aud
that it. did not. number more than a thousand
mon. The whole -afi ir was probably a raid
on some tre'stle-vrorlTof the Mobile and Ohio
railroad. ,'
From this information i is.tleduced that the
-movement tf fiermtn li evidently hot in
tended directly for Mobile, thongh co opera
tive with an expedition agiinst that city from
Now Orleans. If hr letves Mississippi il" will
be to' .move 'againu Selma, Alabama The
whole movement is p'reiimitiary to the Spring
campaign, whetf the-br section of the Cm fade
racy will be attempted simultaneously Iroln
Tennessee and thi Golf. Such is the pro
gramme adumbrated .by Ihe Kew York lime
Cex. Vance. A private! etter fnn Gen.
Robert Vaij recently captured in East
Tennessee, receivi d by flag of truce, states that
he is enjojieg go I health, and doing as well
as could be expected under tbo tircunjstitnceii .
The Geteral is at C ii;p Chasf' Ohio, which
some sayis the mrst desirable xf all trOYan-
kee places of imprisonment, if 'that terra ran
.be applud to any place of 44 durance vile. .
y
"."
Tlie examination of Mrs. Patterson Allen
before the C. S. Commissioner at Richmond
was concludcd on-riiJay last, the 19tlj inst.
on a tharge of treason in adhering ! to th
enemies of the Cop federate States, in giving
, them aid and comfort by writing and senling
2flte wStiu g to sgnd a letter tffjf t'nd
fte tfflt cf llabesa Corpus.
PASSAGE Of THS BILL TO 8U8FESO THE PBIVI"
,LEOE.THEaOF IK-IBTilS CASRs.
ji Bill to Suspend the PririUge of the Writ
cf Habeas Cpryfii in eertainCasts, -
44 Whereas, the ConstUotion of the Confed
erate Sutes of America provides in Article 1.
Section 9, Paragraph 3 tBat the - privilege
of the writ of habeas eorpnt shall not be sus
pecded unless when in cases of rebellion or
invasion the public safety may retjtire it ;
and whereas, the power of suspending the.
privilege of said writ, recognised in said
Ai i icle-1 , is vested sdel j . in the . Congi ess,
which is the exclive judge of the necessity
of such suspension; and whereas, in the opin
ion of the Congress, the public safety requires
the suspension of-said writ in tho existing
cas? of the invasion of these1 States ; and
whereas, the President has asked for the sus
pension of the writ of habeas corpus, and in
formed Congress of conditions of public dan
ger, which render the suspension of the writ
a measure proper for tho public defence against
inva ion and insurrection ; now, therefore,
44 The Congress of the Confederate Stales of
America do enact, Ttat during the present in
vasion of the Onifedcrate States, the privilege
of the writ of habeas corpus ' be, and the same
is' hereby, suspended;- but such suspension
shall apply only to thf cases of person ar
rested oiV.etained by order of the Presi 'ent.
Secretary of War, or the General Officer coin
mandhie the Trans-Mississippi Milita -y. De
partment, by the authority, and nnderxtheK
control or the rrestacui. it is nereny ue
ciared tlfat the purpose of Congress in the
passage of tbn act is to provide more effectually-for
the public safety by susptuding the
writ of habeas cotpujrin the following cases
and no other :
I. Of treasn, or treasonable efTorts or conr
binatioi s to subvert the govenroeut of the
Con federate States.
II. Of conspiracies to overthow tho gov
ernmtnt, tr conspiracies Ui resist the lawful
autrio'ity of Iiie Confederate Suwes.-
U. Of Cvmbining to assist the enemy, or
of conironni- ating" intelligence to". the enemy',
or giving him aid and Comfort.
1 . Of conspiracies, preparations and at-,
Itmpts t inefce servile insurrection
V. Of desertions or encouraging desertions,
of harboring deserters, and f attempts to avoid
n.iiitary service : il'widcrf. That in case of
palpable wrong am! oppression by anysubor
dinate officer upon any . party who does uot
fegally .owe ndliftry service, bis superior offiocr
slttll grrtiit pfomjit telief to the oppressed,
party, and the subordinate shall be dimissetl
from ofiice. -. . .
VI. Of 'spies and other emissaries of the
enemy.
VII. Of holding correspondence or inter
course v lib the memy, without necessity, and
without the permission of the Confederate
States.
Vfll. Of unlawful trading with The enmy,
and other offences against the laws of the
C-n federate States, euactwl to promote their
sucress iu tlu- war. ,
IX. Of const iracies, Vr altcasp's to lit
ente prisoners of ar held by the Crn'odrate
Slates. "
. X Of conspir-ici, or attempts tr prcpi
tiiis to aidehecut my.
XI. .Of persona advisitig or inching ther
ti ai'iindou the (Joniederatc cause. r t reii
the G'liUderaie States, or to adheie to the
enemy. . .
XII Of unlawful htirning, destroying or
ii juring, or attempting to bun dest.-ny ur in
j re a bridge orrailroad, or teU-gruj.i.io line
i;f communication, or property, .with the in
tent ;.f aitl'ui th; enemy. . . '
XIII Oi treasonable, designs to impair the
n ilitary Kwer of the Government ov tlestroy
ing, or attempting to destry, the vcss"ls or
anus, r .munitions of war, or "-ryW, oitiLn
drhs, woikshops, or ttliefpf'ij'erty of the
Confederate Slat s." "
S r '2 Tie President shall carsiy proper
ottcerj. tii investigate the caM-a of :ll p ixins
mi s.rr stni, or ttetatnen, in unict tny .
may be di.-chargrd ti improperly det-tinmi,
u'Lcssihey can b'e speedily tried in the ,ihij
course 4.f law.
Vec.'S. That duing-the - supensioii nf.rs
said. no military or otlier fiicer shall. lie com
pelled. iu.iu&wer to any writ of habcax corpus,
'loapi-e'.r in person,., or tonturrt tne botly of
ary erm or perstns detained by l.iui. by the
Lau;hi-ri:y of the President, Scri twy of Vr,
or the General ufliecr commanding the Trans-
MtisM pi Department j hut. upon the certifi
cate uiitl -r oath, of the otlicer tiaring chure
Uf any one s detune 1,. that sueh p -m is
det hi tied by him a prisoner for a-y of the
cati.-rs herein before specified, um'.rr the au
thority aforesaid, further prooeed'u.: un4er
the writ oi hub c is coipnn shall tuniediately -cease
and reniMU suspended !o h-tig this
atl shall continue iu torce. .
bee. -4. This act shall continue in Circe
for ninety days jsV'ter the next meeting of
Congrriss, and no longer.
What Docs It Menu?
The Neith Carolina Standard of thUdate,
but circulated itt. this ctty..u yeerday eve
ning has 44 forty save one" lines of Editorial
matter to it of which the fBllo.viti, is the
most prominent : .
The Standard Suspended.
Ti e publication of the Standard ii .fur the
presi-ui misj ended. Due notice will be given
or the resumption of.publicath.. Our tl
charges will conft-r a favor by continuing
tin ir visits w bile the publ catiojM f the SlawF
ard'i thus temporarily su.scndd; aud
n eanwhi'c we shall lo triad to h c oiir li'n-tids
who maybe paiug thronu IWeih", at,d to
itenr from them generallv, verbally or by
letter.
c have not quite coinpleJrl the '
trnlk't's lieport.-aiid fhall, tertfore u
Wc have
Crr.p
sstiu an
!Xtra in the eotrrs nf a few da.. cotitrioin'
the couclurfiug tables of the lb-jort. -
We fihbear remark for t1 e present, and
on ly . ask Wii it . d es it ukM ? A notbor
Juet.ti.in ; I, the lllitor pwpring to take
ti.e stump as the "Convention can h late
for GcTcnior?
; . .
, 1 j - : j
The Communication of our rttcome.1 Cur
tespondent 44 P,' brings, to rrtftnibranra a
r nrarkable parallel ia the bistort of oar first
Kevolntionary resi sfatce to tyrlii.y an! op-prtss-on,
ith the great cmtotSn which We
arc now onga-al.1 The immorll Whin'S
tn, in tho c days; hwd ins attiivti litei
t to the mist hit Vous and dangen i polifj beu
set t.u fiKt of 44 separam utJv'ioti," and
1h -rebuked and exixwed itaait jlt'y dtstvwl.
'Alo,;;of ihc 4dUtcrjsiOs'M fecb
tnen iben endeavored to incite, $ weaken theJ
cause or the Revolution and ire-aid and
com ion to . the enemy," - T
wnwe&AAU 1
the wiated I
fim pvw oi Daa - mejt ,wer.
tedttdV
ubverted-; and so it wilKU
.for frsudom ; from YanltW
1
call attenUon to tfci xcuacr'
I T K iVsi
v?w iv.
.fttVV . . OV Vw mm "
The maia colusw y
ridiaa, A detach ( r -
tat jftcoMO mam w
colaaii
Forrtsfi
Polat,
. ' Two more
fleet inside
unchanged,
- lot uiavaatung .imt
blow last week, is ;.
peller. .. She appears Jto kl
water, and lies offCummiit
The esahraaures m Y i
vzk ea 4-j -'5 vi
liladd have been eularged,
ties for three g-uns to assist
an attack from our aide.' '
x' Eighty-eight shell 'were
s eStj 'n
Saturday, and twenty-foar to-d
cWbo cane into oar lines Saturd
here thU evening.
From Klchcicd fcsd il ;L
ThU car Deing the second AnnJ ?y um
inauguration of the Confederate L 'ymzX H 1
was oOTprvea oj a ratpeiisioa . or L jjj ii
varioui public officei. . u," 1 V'M.
Northern datea to tbeJ th, Jv iwi
.Nothing important ia the "papfirrs eitv
advance In of geld.. Lait quotation 1(9J"
The.Bnk of thU city bars given7
depositee not withdrawn on or befeYv
April, w ill bo paid ia ftmr per cent
bonds.' N dcposltea will be recotved
of March to 1st of April. . t
The l'reiident reeclvea despatch
uenerat rtBegan vepona am v
m 1 t.'! iL.I L. u . 4 . lk.
ia full force oojhe 20th, and defatted I
great l-s cipcrg five pieoesof artUt
hMs ptiiseasion of the batttutloy with C
and wounded of tlto enony. iK..
priauU"Tej was cap tared. JConlWciate loss
hundi d aud n.tOJialJifrJ woundo
I From Gen Ler?i Aroir.
j 0RA5GK C. II., Feb. 22V
A Attachment of Gregg's cavalry, (Yaakee.t
frotnj Warrentuo, .darhed Ute Paris, Fa
eoanir, on Wedneaday ni(ht and captor4
' n - i f i i- J . ..
of U bizth Virginia Cavalry. , Tea -of HotbT a
menatol u fight with a lire bod v. of th aatu-tU
cavajiy at Upperville, Va., ea Tuartdnj rptt--
ing Cie aneuy and losing on man. . It ii rtfo:i'
' ed tbu the enemy it ciinetntratlDf a fores at Cl a :
pepai C. II., f ir an advtnee. , f.,
boit Trcatujrtst cf Trlsarri. W)
. . Kicsmos, Feb. 17
0 th 21th uU.t Mr. OuW pro.4 to UiXat U
tlt iriintrs no rw!i ridt thtllbt atted4 v -(V
frojuiT i.anabtr cf thtir own farfftoBS, jf j
tr to reeeivt and distribute ejmtribotlof 7-, , Jf
"'thing aad ntdiclot, fend heVS JIUe-
ftportt throof h Ajen4i of" Rsobanjr' J--
iwadng to tht welfare of prUmer. V T
inre mini nave-UQtw arrvt o. iray
iJKmti. . . 7 r-
FroBi the Koi
tit " v'r.iciJ
' Mftd leftwtehlajtonon"
to
the eommaod of the arinv of the Pot
mae.
Orat hai written a letter fereiaptarilj decljS
injr to d a eaaaiaait tor tne rr8it((ney.
Butler's brother, who wu wilh' him at pw
Orleans, ia dead. ',, .'
Grorpc Thomson, Brttlih AbolMionfV hai
arrived jt Bottom. --r" Jlj : 4Jt" '
Uilon, Wm. AthtrUobsuey7TRr
land: who Droeecated'fn the AlatandlO
dead. ' .
Fron Oharlestda
. CaABaatoi, Ft
One bundrtd and seveateen sheila .ware
the city to-day. A-TaruTeV bWiatflnr
rrported eank daring the blow of yettertfa,
Rt-enliatmenU for the war are prog
this departmeat, ' . . ' - ' '.
import ait Circular fron the See
of the Treasury. '
UlCUM0!fD( FtK
Th Secretary f the Treasury hai iamed a
cnlar, giving notice to all holder of
Xotea not. bearing interert, thkt ther may e
change the aame immediately at the ofDcs efah
Trearorcr, or Of any Drpositorr, for certlficatet
waieh will entitle them to four per ceat. bondi ;
wtich certificates or bonda are receivable for
taxes of the present year at the fall amount ex
pressed on the fae without interest, ' and are not
subject to the tax imposed for this year on other
bonds and credits. .
. ... v-,
' The circular exnlaint the UmltAtJoa at said
pri- ilege afler the 1st of Xpail, acd admoalfhea)
holders to present thelrjiotcs promptly, atfi notj
risk the chance of exclasiou by the pmsart which
will occur at the end of the month of March.
' "i .. i '. .
A Cheerful Corrcctloi.' '4
We ;;ivo place to the followingXpmmaiica
ti -n with the utmost satilfaction. Whal
a we suj.pbi&afTViiable informaUon. aa to t
position take.i by Col. fclaVds-iand yet R
thcuglit it strange that a genlletnan.of hujaV
knuwlcdged tptelligenctjand pmrrjom..abur
be found among the thisekievous. CtJflTW1'1
AgiUtors. Most happy ar w io htr oTif
error in placing him on onr 'M 9 -tand'yr
ttke the greatest pleas ur? in- roakfof tr
amende honorable, and of exuresdng onrtcgi
that our information led ns Into i ubfortuDak
a misapprehension of bis Views, at his frk
assures as we hare made. "We hope to lye,
from Col. Edward himself on the subjiicW t)
' Febrsaty 18ib;il
. JjdtJort of The nnnfAsmit 'lrgrsf
of CouvenCoo agitators. I notice, fisr t?sL
gret ihe name f CoJ. L. C Wff1-?,,
r-ville. But I should regret ivf
;?could be.nude to lielieve tb? WfeSJ
, belonged to such a estegojlV
-Wk reoabnafbr knowtoS
it-Z.j -. . t i. J .cry l3V
'"JmBX. 1 r. ?i", f-V
- iT v fatal H , CT'rv"
lUt lk I
.rthAJ :
r for they
i, moaated l"??
1-tos.aiauc 7"-rA SX;;A
wooden - , V
SAE4.
.4
1
t
1
1
V
1
Treaiul
e1