THE CONFEDERATE.
WEDNKSDAV. Maj 4. 18C4,
Latest from thz Xo.to.
Tlie Kiehajond papers received j'esterday,
contain copious extracts from Nortlu-rn papers
of" tiie 20th. Tne chief feature of the ex
tracts is tho kicking up of a terrible row ovtr
ti e" Tort Pillow Massacre" from Old Abe,
V.mkoc Congress, and the newspapers.
luco'u SAid in a speech at Baltimore, that
tin matter was undergoing a thorough inves
tiiti n, nnd, if proven, the massacre of ihe
ick should be aveng-d decUring. thit ' if
.'' "re has been the massacre of three hundred
('4 're, or eren t he tenth pir! of three hun
O'fl.'k. ret iibt fh 1 shill 'is firrjy co,n-r
'Jr. Lmicj'm m rjv-r d -cUres th it ne ha-? de- '
r.ii id t 11.-e w- ii;t!ri an a suh.i t, and V
i.'o inni ill 1 he, protection jjiveu to the white
idler. Proai thie d. csarMiions, thw rnuni
f Mr.. L::.c'iu p ue's great signili-
I'ii'j Yit;ke Ouijiiv.-t- ho :ilfi pted u
:- -..ut! i!i !irerT!ir4 . thi C nuni'tec ou the
r .ij.l'ict f tho W.ir tu it'fjoiio into tl.e truth
f th-. tunnsir.s at .ending tlv? recent a'bck
t;--s Pillow, ai l whpt r Fort Piilow
-;:J linvo been reinforced ; aud that tht-y
port t'. f.w'a as soi as pib!e And the
V:iit; t: f.:A".-ji?.crs ai.ti Yar k-.-es general,
:i.rti?-i t -kf a rn.-..r.l v n! :itr ciou-i re
. !'.!- 5 r ti.'-ii iis?.;U-r .it Fort Pillow. iud-.1-
tr;;it n-'-y ctniiit, like an h'ii-rabie ad-
r.ary. i;.t-t .ur meji iu battle, lace to ftee,
they r o.v ti.r-.ttt'tj t gratify their brutal pas-.-:.u
f -f;.t:- ii.ee by putting our helpless and
j..;....M.t in their hands to deara.
Nc.'.s Lad nut reached the North of ourvic
r ry u.d capture of Plymouth. The
N-rth-rn pipeis m. t-ni -not to have received
.! .v if tirnaii .i vfnt-vr of the movement,
:-:d the Lews, when it i- received, will startle
t: e Y.i? he public.
iiib FIGHT IN L-'li.-l N THE TANK FKS.COXFESS
litKUV IO THKIK DJhFAT.
The Nor? .f-rn paper have accounts of tbe late
right iu L ilia. Tuey confess -frankly to
ihcif ucfent even more, they say their f..ces
were badly routrd. Thefr accounts place the
tiht at Plen iat Hill. De Sto xruunty, Louis
iana. A letter, dated April 11, in the Chicago
.ju-n'jl, a Republican paper, &ny :
Our cav-tlry of the Third and F iTth divisions
i f tie ,"fi'r:;i-!i:h army erpt i!'rr n haid
:juIit Htt!e. v-re put to ruu! f-y a largely
uprriur f- i-e of rebels. fy
General Jtuen.au va5 iu ct-u Mur.d tuie
inveitK'nt. fl
The Nii.eteoi.th army Cor-s fiiJa' y eaine up and
. heck: I the pursuit. Our lo-s wa 2.t00. The
enemy n'to l-t heavily tieneral Rai;So:u,
who connnHi1. the thirl ay! f.mrtli divisions
v..iinlcl in t'he aili.,r pait f f ihe fiht.
The C:i:c Mercantile iiutttiy lost all itsj;uns,
i'. ur i'tiiw-ci an I t .vety-two men.
Atmthtr nrrejp:jade:it. isrthe paper,
-iv.--i the f i 1 -v. ii.r additioi.al particulars
a t:.t'in r fir.k'y that Mho pan'c i-f their
!irv
i.izd the army that tiie-e-
IIl iidur.ts aio that
-. .
;i:-.e. j!-.:.u!y two i'.uusan.f.
I I; Writ'
.ir
.if, c -!- -ti:. 4 oi ialv tw tti'-usaud
,:: ; a - .v ' ii. 'A itu a ! open nel .J m lroijt, aiiu
o.. n.v i;i the .v.'mds on th' other fciile.
.ion-rrul Sti.ne. chief of Uenend 1 inks' tafT,
w:i n t'-e ;i!t-i i ik the direction ot the
ir.- rc:: r,tr (b-.' r ti 1 ur-om was iu favor
of aivai . ii nrv I ,t but his wi.ii wns
After a -khiiiish aer this open hid f-r
.t'. ,i :t aa in the e:i-my a lvu.eed upon us
i;i o.a-r-alal nit; numbers, estimated - at ten
:ioiiund tron j. (ier.eral llauMin - not ail
Li;'.- .tv.iilab'e tr. ? to the frwit, and openeil
u the enemy. He Iv.st nvivi'tj, but alvancrd
iily. Soon till of the cavalry giv2 icoy
and the infantry fell Kick.. In a few mo-uit-nis
t he enemy pressed cl'ely tip. 'The
P'Hii: of the cuva'ry io demoralized the or-
tb. zi tl relrtttt oceanic a runt. The Gen
tint dt ' I all ia hit pO'Cf to rally them, but
fiit Jiny i! iiiti-.'sibi without reinforcements,
ma ie every etiort to save the artillery. While
rndeavoriog to et the Chicago Mercantile
Bittery rtf safely, Oeneral Unspm was se
verely woutuled iu the le;. Captain Cyrus
K Plckey, his r.-.utaLt, was instantly killexl.
Our i u-;Ia hi rye, trobi!t!y tico thousand.
The Mercantile IJatery Ust all its guns. -Cap?.
White wa- taken prisoner. Lieutenants
Thro p and Mclride were kilied. Loss of
the battery in killed and capturei1,three hun
dred an i ten. lat one of these returned to
camp after the disaster. While the fourth
division wus faliiuj; back in disorder, the third
iivisi n. Tiu:nberii:g only one thousacil three
hu.idred men, came up 3:k1 was iinmtdiately
,til.'i. Fuu'ly the tenth corps. seven thou
sand rn.n, tame up and formed iu line. They
i heele d the enemv and held them until v.e
-l all the trains off, except that of the cav
jiry. 't he v,iic!e army is filling back here, where
it mu-t wait to l cor jraniz? Wfv.ro proceediug
farther towards S.ueeveport.
r:v.M THE ARMY Of THK ToTuMAC. .
'l iiere is rothin new from the army of the
Ffoinae. The Ualtimere papers say :
lispatches from the headquarters of the
army of the Tot uuac state that a party of
Confederate- cavalry made an attack on the
pickets at Bristoe station, but were' driven
' after a brisk skirmish One man was
killed and two wounded, belonging to the
Thirteenth Pennsylvania. Several of the
wounded were carried off by their comrades.
The mail train, with General .Graut aboard,
had just passed a few mi uutes "before the at
tack was made, and it is supposed tfce inten
tion was to capture him. On the day previ
ous, a cutir.g party started out from Fairfax
Court House, and captured six of Mosby's
men. - .
Hixh Peicxs. The iJea seems to prevail
with those Tho have. produce to seil, that the
high prices which were inaugurated under tne
old currency can still be kept up. Nothing is
were ubsurd. As well might a man attempt to
dip water from a failing spring during a drought
as copiously as he did while the wet weather
lasted. It must be remembered that the cur
rency is depleted, and that prices will have to
correspond with the amount of money in circula
tion. This result does not depend upon the good
pleasure of either buyers or sellers, but is a law
of nuance as supreme as the law of gravitation.
Combinations and monopolies may, for a time,
arrest the downward tendency of prices, but the
checks and balances of trade will assert their
eupremacyjin the end. Our advice to buyers is,
to live hard and hold on to your money until
produce can be hail at reasonable rates.
It will do so Hasm. Got. Brown of Georgia
has so exhausted himself in efforts to keep up
the symmetry of the Constitution and preserve
the arch of the much abused structure, that
Fitx Charles thinks he ought go to the
mountains of the State, and there recruit him
self by looking for a perpendicular view of the
rainbow. It may act as a eootu-eaytr on his
reStcti'.'US. Soxth.trn Fn:h.
Camp 27th If. C. Keoimbkt.
Army Northern Va.t April-22.
Editors Confederate: Owing to the recent
heavy rains and the consequent bad condition
of the roads, active operations have notyetcjm
menced : but the earth is drying rapidly, and
all nrv lookiug forward with anx-cty for, orders
to btrike tents " and prepare t3 leave our.
snug little shanties that has sheltered us from
the cold- winds and snow storms of this
mountainous region. Many of uu'will go down
beneath the red tide of battle before winter
comes Again.- It is a sad thought, but we must
purchase our Independence with our blod, aa
did our fathers . before us. Submission and
slavery are the only alternative left us. - We
prefer to die freemen.
All surplus baggage has been sent ta the
rear, wagons and harness repaired, worn out
hor&es aud mules ' turneu over" to Post
Quartermasters, and disabled soldiers have
taken the places of able-bodied teamsters. Our
ranks have been greatly increased by the re
turn of the sick and wounded from Hospitals.
If our enemies expect to find us Tagged and
disheartened, " th y will learn their mistake
to their sarrew. Our army is well clothed, and
iiubued with the same martial ardor and pat
riotic devotion that led Washington with his
little band of veterans across tbe frozen stream
of the Delaware; that- nerved the anAs of the
Spartan heroes under Leonidas at Thermopylae,,
and ini-pired the brave defenders if Lueknow.
They are aware of tbe great niaenitudWf the
conimg campaign, and are determined to dis
charge their duties to their bleeding country as
becomes the descendants of the heroes of '7G.
Tho country need entertain no fears and m:s
iviogs a- to tbe lesult. Hopes of peace will
brighten with the advance of spring, and with
1 80S our Confederacy will commence a career
of national glory and prosperity, unequalled iu
the annals ot tbe world.
The soldiers are not agitated or excited
abcut the political turmoils and party quarrels
which unfortunately, the people at' home seem
to be engaged in.' The contest with the armed
forces in froi of us, is enough for us at present.
We .shall, however, when the time arrives, ex
ercise the right of freemen at the ballet box.
In doing so, we eball not be influenced by ftnj
party considerations, but shall vote for ih'jsc
whose past conduct assure us fhut tbf-y will
devote their best eneigies to our interest aud
comfort and tbe general welfare. There nre no
conservatives after the Ilolden Ject here; all
are for Vance. There are six companies in the
Divi.-ion to which I belong from Pitt county,
and I am proud to say that every man in them
is strong for Vance. There was one Holdenite
in one of these companies, who used to write
articles for publication in the Standard, but he
has deserted and gone to the Yankees. When
last heard from be was in Newbern behaving
himself with propriety, and living sumptuously
off of white shade, such as Mr. Joy invitss your
neighbor of the J'royres? down to enjoy with
him.
It was the go d fortune of this ro2;ment,
in the first year of the war, to l,e stationed at
Newbern, and we remember with what pride
and admiration' we used to look upon the
editor of the Progress, r.s he stn dv alor-gdress-d
up in a Confederate uniform and his'mar
tial form rpct. We regard d him as a
chatuj:oti, and one destines to win m;iy laur
els in battle; Intalus! how vain are earthly
expectations. We did n t then think he was
a wolf dressed in sheep's clothircr. We
:!HM;ht he was a Lonajidekheop, Imnioe
. u! .-urpiise and in Ttiiicai n. when wch'-ard
if tai n't c-ii up t!ic i.v ri fir ihr pen, and
that pea dipped in llibh odof his comr. d B,
turned against he c-'u-c he drew hie Mvurdto
defend. Ifi.nyoce i.?ui told us. that 'Johh"
would turnout to le "the ra-cd. he has, we
v. ouM i; t have in 'ieved it. But tl.e won-t
step in his career is. like the ss ske in tl.e
well-known faMe ( f JE-op, lie has turned
against his hei.efactor. As he giows strong
c from the pa'ronage and ercouragen.cn t
of his en laborers, he becomes buJder'in his
accusations against Gov. Vance, who risked
his life to save his beautiful city, his hotye
and. his property from our ruthless iuvaders.
;0h ingratitude! thou ir.aible hearted nVnd,
Thou art more hideous than the Hippopotamus."
Very Kcpectfully,
YUKK5.
General Hospital. No. 8, 1
Raleigh, April 23, 1864. J
Jlessrs. Editors: Purmit Gne occupying
the humble, but no less honorable position
of private in the ranks, to call attention to
the fact, thaf a large nurnber of our veteran
soldiers, wounded in the late bloody assault
on Plymouth, are now under treatment in
this hospital. Suh being the case, we are
very much iu want of "lint and bandages,"
for dressing wounds. We deem it only ne
cessary to advert to this fact, in order to se
cure from the citizens of Raleigh and its vi
cinity an abundant -supply.
When we take into consideration tbe fact
that these men have from the beginning of the
preseut contest between the North and South,
breasted tlie storm of war, braved its dangers,
cheerfully endured the hardships and priva?
tious incident to camp life without a murmur
with n bed to rest themgelves but the cold
earth, and no' covering to protect them from
the pelting storm but the brood canopy of
heaven that they have turned the tideou
many a hlood-staincd field of battle, and
crowned their country's standard's with glori
ous victories, and have again sealed their de
votion to their country with their life's blood
in tlie late successful attack on Plymouth, we
are confident that na exertion on the part of
the citizens to render theta comfortable will
be neglected.
Our esteemed Surgeon, Dr. H. G. Leigh, is
untiring in "his efforts to alleviate their suf
ferings. Prompt and fditbful in the discharge
of the duties pertaining to the responsible
position he occupies kind and attentive to
the sick and wounded whom he has in charge,
he has won the confidence and esteem of both
the attendants and patients. Any Of the ar
ticles above-mentioned forwarded to him for
the use of the sufferers, will be very accepta
ble, and thankfully received.
A SOLDIER.
We have strange news from the Tennessee
lines. The writer of the letter referred to, is a
distinguished statesman of the South, who has
immediate and unquestionable opportunities of
informing himself of what he writes. He states
from positive information, that immense rein
forcements have recently been sent to the Fed
eral army at Chattanooga. For some three
weeks troops were pouring in almost a continued
stream through Nashville., A division, some
seven thousand strong, came up the Tennessee
river, and landing at Waterloo, some twenty-five
miles below Florence, marched up in the direc
tion of Athens and Huntsville. The move
ments of thU force are supposed to be intended
to protect the enemy's communication with his
base at Nashville. The writer insists ou his
opinion that the great effort of the Yankees in
th.p ending campaign, will be to defeat General
Johnston and push into Georgia, and thinks
that nothing will be attempted in Norther Vir
ginia, except to hold General Lee at bay and
protect Washington.
It is enough to remark on all this that four
corps of the Western army have been trans
ferred to Virginia. Richmond Examiiur.
Casualties In 21st X. & Regiment.
We are it debttd to Adjutaut W. G.
Fori of the 21st N. C. Regiment, for the fol
lowing list of canudties iu that rev iment, in
the battle of Plymouth, N. C.
vo. n.nuicu, r v vuuaru. uunucu,
Sertrt F M Eccles, arm and leg, severe ; Corp'l
E W Smith, leg, .slight; privates J F Hed
rick and R W Leonard, do. Jacob Tesh, arm.
Co. G. Killed, privates J W Hodges and
A F Patterson Wounded, privates G B
Norman and Aug Key, thigb, slight ; W R
Franeis, hip, severe ; Herbert Hodges, arm,
slight. Missing Squire Griffith,
Co. D Killed, corpl J F Beck, and pri
vate Chae Kalian. Wounded, privates Kd
Boner, leg, flight ; J G Boyle, thigh.
Co. F Killfd private Wm Hancock.
Wounded, privates Calviu Edwards4Dreasfc'
severe since died; Powell La wson, severe;
A M King:, jr., arm, slight j F M Shackelford,
leg, slight,
Co. G. Killed, Capt J O Blackburn.
Wounded, private G W Leak, in hand, slight,
Co. H. KiUed.private A D Ray. Wound
ded, privates W W Ash burn, arm, slight j
Johu Marion, arm, severe J" R Flion, head,
revere ; G S Mesb'ek, leg, severs.
Co. I. Killed, private J W Dick.. Wound
ed, privates C H Boyles, in band, slight ; J A
Savage, arm, slight) Corp A J-Durham, arm,
slight.
Co. K Killed, privates B F Leinback and
Joseph Long Wounded, sergt J H Leinback,
in head, severe; privates J II H ster, foot,
severe; Peter Marshall, t hi h. slight,
CO. L. Killed, Corpl J G Wilkinson.
Wounded, privates A M Mitchell, thigh, slight;
J M Lackey, hand, slight.
Co. M. Killed, privates .1 M Wright, Geo.
Myrick and Wm Richardson. Wounded, Jno.
W Wharten. leg, amputated ; Jessa Pegram,
ieg. severe Mil Loo Olapp, thigh, severe; J
M Nelson, bowels, severe; Elihu Russon, back,
slight; Henry Albright, arm, slight.
Recapitulation Killed 15j wounded 35;
rnifslng 1, Total lose. $1
Camp 61st N. C. Regiment,
Black Water, Va , April 21. J
Editors Confederate : Having seen an erro
neoi s extract in your paper from the Peters
burg Express, in regard to a skirmish that
oeeiured near Chuckatock, QB Thursday the
14 h inst , and believing that justice sbould
he done all and especially those brave officers
and men who bore themselves nobly in the
sKirmish, I ask, as a simple act of justice, that
the following Statement of facts (obtained
from tin eye witness) be published.
On Saturday the 9th inst., twenty mon
from cur regiment were ordered to cook up
five days rations and be in readiness to have
the next moruing by daybreak. This order
h'ir.g promptly obeyed, we maiched all that
day, and get in the vicinity of Chuckatuck
Sate in the afternoon, and mide our beds
ia the woods for Tear of being betrayed
by nogmes or disloyal wltite people.
We scoured through the country all the
next day, and moved our camp at - nizht. It
was the same case the next dy and every
day thereaft iward, until Thursday morning,
j wheu we received intelligence that the yan-
kees were advancing in force. Our det-.ch-roet-tfroin
the 61-st N. C. T., 18 of General
Pick&u'r Provost Giwrd, Y f the signal corps,
and 7 t-couts of tha 17th Va., jjot together,
making 52 in all. arid went iu the direction
wp heard they were, ai d cr.me upon them.
We fired into them., aid the- immediately
faced about and return, d the fire. As they
advanced upon us w fell back, slowly firing
as we retreated. In tbe -skirmish w8 lost one
man from Co. H, 61st N. C. T., (Captain
Lanier's Co.,) who was wounded ihthe knee
aud taken prisoner.
AH the honor of having participated in
the skirmish belongs to 18 of General Pickett's
Hrovost Guard, 7 of the the Signal Corps, 7
Scouts of th- 17th Virginia, and 20 Scout
of th- 61st North Carolina Troops, instead of
the 31st N. C. T., which was at Petersburg
at the time, 75 miles off,
JUSTICE.
Capture of a GunboatOfficial Dispatch.
The following official dispatch was receiv
ed at the War Department yesterday :
Demopolis, Ala., April 23.
To Gen. S. Cooper :
Brigadier General Wirt Adams, command
ing cavalry,- on the Yazoo river, telegraphs
me from Yazoo City, on the22d instant, to
this effect: "I have tbe honor to repoit the
capture of a gunboat to-day, near the city,
while . lying near the shore. She was at
tacked by a section of artillery and a de
tachment of sharpshooters under Col. Griffith,
who drove the men from the guns and finally
the crew from the boat. I removed her fine
armament of eight 24-pounder guns and the
most valuable stores, and had her burned to
the water's edge. Tbe captain and pilot are
prisoners in my hands, and a number of the
crew. My casualties are small."
L. Polk, Lieut. General.
Card f thanks.
General Hospital No. 7.
Raleigh, N. C. April 22.
I have the honor to return thanks to the
following taffies and gentlemen, iu behalf of
myself and the sick and wounded soldiers
under my charge, for valuable contributions of
garden seed; Mrs.. Judge Ruffin, Graham,
A lamance county. Mrs. Sarah Stone, Gran
ville. Mrs. F. J: Haywood, Raleigh. Mrs.
E. B. Lewis. Rocky. Mount, Edgecombe,
Mrs. General Gatlin, Raleigh.
Also to Mrs. K. Rayner, Mrs. Ellen Morde
cai and Miss Sallie Rayner, for very valuable
donations of castile soap, bandages and dress
ings ; Mrs. James F. Taylor for Rolls, Mrs.
Queutin Busbee and Miss PriscjlU McKee
for bandages and dressings.
E. BURKE HAYWOOD,
Surgeon in charge.
Duplik Cotnty. A letter from Warsaw
of the 22d inst., says:
"This being our County Court week, a
meeting of the citizens was held in the
Court House on Tuesday for the purpose of
expressing the feelings of the people in re
gard to the condition of the country. Res
olutions endorsing the course of our worthy
Governor, and pledging a support of the
same were unanimously adopted. We had
patriotic and soul-stirring speeches from
Major Moore, Col. Waddcll and Lieut. Wright.
If there is a Holden man in old Duplin wo
have yet to learn it. . Unless we meet with
some sad reverse we do not think W. W.
Holden will receive a vote ia the county.
. .
A letter received by Express from Gibson
ville, with no name signed to it but ordering
a paper to be sent to a yonng lady in New
berry district, S. C, contained a $5 note,
which is a counterfeit. Of coarse the paper
will not be sent unless a good bill is substituted
for it.
TELEGRAPHIC,,
REPORTS OF THE PRESS ASSOCIATION. '
Entered according to act of Congress in the yeai
1863, bv J. S. Thrasher, in the . Clerk's orfioe
- of the District Court of th Confederate States
for the Northern District of Georgia.
Butler and the French Tobacco.
Richmond, April 25.
Butler's flag of truce boat arrived at, City
Point yesterday afternoon. Butler, in a com
munication to the commanding officer at City
Point, says : The limit of time having arrived
which whs fixed by convention between the
representatives of the Emperor of France and
the United States, for shipping .tobacco at City
Point, I have sent Lt. Jayne, of my staff, for
the single purpose of delivering dispatches for .
the commanding officers of the French vessels.
The French steamers left during the afternoon ;
no tobacco waa sent down.
From the Potomac.
Orange C. II., April 2o.
Tbe enemy's cavalry yesterday made a fee-,
ble demon'B? ration, as if intending to cns in
front of Ely's and Germanna fords, but quickly
wheeled about and returned in the direction
of Culpeper C, H, Nolhiug eks of int erest.
More Victories by Forrest.
D alton, April 25..
A lady who came through the lines to-day,
reports that Forrest attacked Grierson at De
catur, Teun., killing Grierson and capturing
a large number of prisoners.
Gen. Wheeler had a generalal reviewof his
cavalry lo-day, which was witnessed by a
large number of General officers.
Front the Ir&ns-Mlssl&slppl.
Mobilr, April 25.
Western dispatches confirm Banks' defeat on
the 14th and 15th at Grand Echore losing
4,500 prisoners, with camp equipage. On the
18th, eleven boats, carrying the federal wound
ed, pawed Bonnet Carie. Banks, is at Fort
Be Russey, calling for reinforcemes. Taylor
followed Banks from Mansfield. Reinforce
ments are going from New Orleans and Baton
Rouge to Bank 8 at Natchitoches -army de
moralized. Taylor well upv pressing Yazoo
Valley clear of Youkeea. 4 fire here destroy
ed ten frapie houses to-day. Jjoss severe.
So the dispatch reads, but there is evident
ly soiue confusion iu its statements. Ens.
Cos.
From Richmond, the North and Eur pe,
Richmond, April 25.
Gen, IL-ke, who commanded the land for
ces in the assault on Plymouth, has been
promoted to the rank of Major General.
Letters purporting to ha a correspondence
rpiween Lyons and the President's Private
Secretary, are forgerits.
It is - fHc-ally estimated t'lat the tithebacon
in Georgia will exceed five millions p.uuds.
" Ne further developments iu regard to the
tobacco of the French,.
Baltimore papers of the 23 id, say that the
advices from tlie army of the Potomac indi
cate active preparations for t o campaign.
Laryc numbers of sick have oten tranfercd
to Washington. AH sut'ers twenty-eight
hundrtd in number hae It-ft tlie army.
Grant has estab ished his head -quarters in
tho field . Deserters fn m Le, report his
whole force sixty thousand men, and tein
forcements constantly arriving.
Additional Yankee accounts from Red river,
not deemed reliable, claim a decisive vic
tory over Kirby Smith's forces in the bat
tle of Pleasant Hill. Among the rebels kill
ed were Gens Morton and Parsons.
The New York Herald says Chase has sold
all his surplus gold, and it is evident he will
be c. inpelled before the year is out to buy
gold to pay the interest on tbe public debt.
Gold closed on the 22d at 175.
-European pews .unimportant. All difficul
ties about the Mexican Crowt are adjusted
Maximillian was to sail on the 13th.
The information from .the Peninsula is,
that they are landing a large number of Yan
kee ttoops at Yurktown from ocean steamers.
It is reported that the negro regiments sta
tioned there had become denjpralized been and
sent away.
From Georgia.
Dalton, April 26.
It is currently reported that Grant has ar
rived at Chattanooga and taken command of
the army of the Cumberland.
Davis division is reported at Layfayette.
Tbe enemy is reported to have moved back to
wards Cleveland from red clay.
From Richmond, the North &c
Richmond, April 2(5.
Baltimore papers of the 23d furnish addi
tional letters from Havana, and mention tbe
arrival of the Confederate steamer Florida at
Bemedeos, Cuba, on the lltb, several Union
gunboats have gone to overtake her.
A lot of warsteamers went to sea from New
York on Wednesday. The fleet will Couch at
Hampton Roads, and it is said they have
orders not to be opened until their departure
from that point.
Butler demands to be relieved from his
present position or have control of all military
movements having bases within the- limits of
his department.
The Governor of New York, has determined
to call out the State militia regiments, to do
duty in the forts around New York, to allow
the forces stationed their to be transferred to
the field. .
Burnside left Washington on the 21st in
stant for Fortress Monroe, in a special steam-'
er.
In the House of Commons on the 8tb,
Layard said his Government was taking
measures te investigate the alleged kidnapp
ing of Irish emigrants into the service of
the Federal army.
A largo company has been formed in
England, capital one million dollars to pur
chase steamers to run the blockade, and
bring out cotton.
Tho Emperor of Austria has allowed the
formation of corps of six thousand volunteers
for the Empire of Mexico.
The steamer Matilda, built at Glasgow.
! for tbe Confederates, bound from Cardiff for a
rebel 'port, of iron and steel, was totally
wrecked on Lunday Island.
The Reported case of Pampero has been
settled, the owners consenting to a verdict for
the crown, with nominal forfeiture of vessel.
A great part of the city of Demarara was
destroyed by fire, loss, two ta three' million
dollars.
The Supreme court of Appeals has granted
a new trial to Forde, convicted, of the
murder of Dixon, the former clerk of the
House of Representatives.
Gen. Wessel and other officers captured at
Plymouth arrfveo! at the Libby prison to-day.
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, N. C
.,. AnJUTMT Genekal's OrricE
, . Raleigh, April 14, 1864.
'GEtfenAL Okorl-s, 1
No. 12.
IThe fol'o wini:
the Adjutant
Office. C. S. Army,
ing impressment, are
tiou of all concerned :
General Orders from
and Inspector General's
Richmond, V., concern
published for tbe loforma-
Adj't axd Inpector Grneral's Office, )
Richmond, Va., March 7, 1864. )
General Oedeus, )
No. 30. ;
I. The following Acts of Onirrcss concerning
''Impressments" and the instructions of the War
Department respecting it, are published for the
information and direction of all concern? :
An act to amend "nn act to resnlftte impress
ment8." Approved -March twenty-sixth, eighteen
hundred and xy-. three, and to repeal nn act
amendatory thereof, approved April twenty-seventh,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three.
The Covaret of the Confederate Stale .f Amer
ica do enact. That in all caaes where property is
impressed for the ua of the Army and Navy, or for
other public use, under id act, the samo shall be
paid fur at tbe time of said impressment, unless an
appeal shall be taken from said valuation, as here
inafter provided, according to the valuation agreed
upon between the parties, or afcertained by loyal
and disinterested citizens of the city, county or
parish in which the impressment may be made, in
the manner and according: to the regulations pro
vided in the fir.-t, second and third sections of the
above recited act, or in the eighth section thereof,
where it is applicable.
Sec. 2. Whenever the offleer wnldnir the im
prestsment of property, under the act hereby i wend
ed, shall believe that the appraisement is fair and
just, he shall endorse his approval npoo the ap
praisement, and mak piyuient acerdin?'y : hut if
he shall believe that it is not fair andjusr, then he'
sha'l refuse to approve, and endorse the reason of
his refusal on the certificate, and shall have the
right to appeal J9m the decision f the apprais
ers, by reporting the case to the commissioners
appointed under said act to which this is an amend
ment, for their decision, whose judgmont shall be
final ; and in the meantime, tho property shall be
held and appropriated by the officer hs pressing the
frame, who shall give a receipt thorefo'' to the ow
ner, who shall also have the right of appeal as
herein provided.
See. 3. The said commissioners shall have .pow
er to summon and examine witno-ses to enable
them to fix the value of propertv impressed, which
fhall be a just compensation for the property so
impressed, at tbe time and place of impressment; ;
and when the commissioners shall have fixed the
value of property in caes of appeal, they shall
furnish the owner and impressing officer with a
statement of such value, which valuation by the
commissioners shall be within three months from,
the time of impressment.
Sen. 4. That said commissioners shall be sworn
4 faithfully to discharge all their d'lties under this
aoKand the act to which this is an. amendment:
Sec. 5. That the oth section of the act of which
this is an amendment be stricken out, and the fol
lowing inserted in stead thereof; No slave laboring
oil a farm or plantation exclusively devoted'to tie
duction of grain or provisions 6hall be taken for pro-
puftlio use, without the consent of the ownor, ex2f
eeptin case of urgent necessity, and upon the or
der of the General commanding the department in
which said farm or plantation is situated."
Sec. 6. That the act amendatory of the above
recited act, approved April twenty-seventh , eigh.
teen hundred and sixty-three, and so much- of the
first fcectlon of said act as requires an affidavit to
be made by the owner, or his agent, that such
property was grown, raised, or produced by said
ownei. or held, or has been purchased by him, not
for sale or speculation, but for bis own use or con
sumption, be, and the samo is hereby repealed.
Sec. 7. That no iirpressu6nt shall be made un
der this actor the act to which this is amendatory,
for the use or benefit of contractors with the gov
ernment. '
Sec. S. Nothing in this act shall be construed to
authorize the impressing officer to enter an appeal
from any decision of tbe local appraisers, under
the seventh section of tho act to which this is
amendatory.
Approved, February 1G, 1864.
I. Impressments according to this act, and the
act to which this is an amendment, may be made
for necessary supplies for the Confederate armies
in the field, and for their accumulation in magazines
and at posts and depots, and to carry on the various
operations of the Military Bureaux connected with
the War Department, whenever the same cannot
be obtained by contract.
II. They may be made under orders from the
Generals commanding armies, departments, corps,
divisions, and by commanders of detached parties
when a necessity arises therefor. These orders may
be executed by appropriate officers ol the staff be
longing to tbe aimy. The Chiefs of the various
Bureaux shall design ate the officers and persons
who shall be competent to make impressments un
der the authority conferred upon them.
III. Before any impressments shall be made, the
impressing officer A his agent, will make an of
fer to the owner, his bailee or agent, in writing,
for the purchase of the property, describing the
property he wishes to purchase, the price he is
willing to paj, and the mode of payment, and
stating that, upon a refusa to accept the same, com
pensation will be made according to the acta of Con
gress for the regulations of impressments. This no
tice will be considered as binding the property until
the completion f the negotiation for (he sale and
ansfer of tho 6ame to the impressing officer. The
property will remain in the custody of the owner
and at his risk during the pending of these pro
ceedings, unless a delivery of the same be there
upon made to the impressing officer, with his con
sent. In case of a change of posssesion un
der these circumstances, the Confederate States
will be regarded as the owner, and the property
be held for its use and at its risk.
Iy. In all cases in which the offer of an impress
ing officer is refused, be will procee to adjust the
price according to the first section of the act above
recited, that is, by the judgment of two loyal and
disinterested persons of the city, county or parish
in which the impressment may be made one to be
selected by the owner, his bailee or agent, and one
by the impressing officer. In tho event of their
disagreement, these two will select an umpire of
like qualification. The persons thus selected will
proceed to assess just compensation for the prop
erty so impressed whether the absolute ownership
or the tempory use thereof be required. If the
impressing officer believes that the appraisement
is fair ana just, he will endorse hie approval, and
pay for the property ; and the right iu the object
impressed will become the property of the Con
federate State. But if he does not approve of
the appraisement ha will decline to approve it
and endorse the reasons for his refusal on the cer
tificate forOwith, and report the case to the com
missioners appointed under the 5th section of the
act, to which the act above recited is an amend
ment, and in the meantime tbe property will be
taken and a receipt describing the property
and proceedings focj the adjustment of tbe price
and the appeal, given to the owner. The im
pressing officer will immediately" report the cese
to the appraisers, with a statement of the quality
and condition of the property and his opinion
upon tbe subject.
v. No officer or agent will impress the necessary
supplies which any person may have for the eon
sumption of himself, his family, employees, slaves,
or to carry on his ordinary, mechanical, manu
facturing or agricultural employments.
If any question arises as to the fact whether
the supplies are necessary, or whether there be
a surplus, it will be determined by appraisers
mutually selected according to the preceding sec
tion, and in this case the decision ot the apprais
ers will be binding on the officer, who will not be
allowed an appeal therefrom.
VI. These regulations are published as a sub.
statute for the regulations contained in General.
Orders, No. 37 and 161, series of 1863.
By order.
(Signed) B. COOPEK,
'Adjutant and Inspector General.
II. The foregoing regulations are publUeed as
a substitute for the regulations embraced in the
1st paragraph of General Orders, No. 9:
By order of Gov. Vxbcs ;
R. C. GATLIN,
- Adjutant General.
Those papers that have not yet published Gen
eral Orders, No. 9, will please do so, substituting
the 1st paragraph of the foregoing for the 1st
paragraph of said General Orders,
ap 28 79-dAwlt
AH papers in the State copy once and eend
bilis to Adjutant General's ofhee.
GRAND DIVISION SONS OF TKMPKIMXCF
OF NORTH CIROMJU.
THE ANNUAL MEETING OF THIS BOD t
will beheld in tho Halt of "Sonthern C'n
federxoy Division, in Charlotte, commencing f
Tuesday evening, the 10th of May ijxt, s
o'clock, P. M.
We have the assurance from the brethren that
tbe representatives will be entertained as well a
can be under the oircumstanocs. Let ewrv Diri.
ion ia the State, whether in aotive operation or
suspended for the present, see to it that thev ham
one ormorf representatives in attendance, as buU
ness of importance pertaining to the ordr u :n
j be introduced for consideration. And as orovi.
ions oan scarcely be had at any prioe, f would
suggest that representatives not lirintr too remoto
from the place uf meeting, eirry with them a
small portion of provisions, which they can do
without any inconvenience, and thus relieve tho
brethren of a portion of the burden and expotuo
necessarily incurred on occasion f this kind.
H. F. RAM SAUK, (J. W. P.
sp26-77-twStf
Land Wantftf.-.-lVanted to Purchase a
TRACT OF LAND, in one of the U-r of
Counties along the border of Virginia or North
Oar-.iina, with a Dwelling on it; a plao- near tho
llaleigh St (last on Unit Uond uiokt desired. For
such, a good price will be paid by tho Subscriber,
whom please ad lresi as soon as possible, stating
lowtion, price, description and all that lu.iy ho
necessary to a purchasor. Payment cither in
Cash, Cotton bonds or notes.
, . H. K. BUKGWY.V.
ap.1-71 d3t-tw3t. G?r.rib.urff. C
Jack Wantfd..-Wanted torurrliAsMinT
MEDl TELV, a good sound JACKASS, not
J! than 5 feet hih, well formed, and of good
performance. I will pay a full price for such au
animal. Address roe, with full dsTirti.n. at
Garvsburg, N. C, II. K. ULTIit;VY
ap. 13.
ap l'J-7l-dtvtwlv.
Lead Mine Interest for Sale.
T AM DISPOSED TO SELL MY INTEREST
L in the WYTHE U.VION LEAD MINK COM
pAN, notwithstanding the property is thought
to pay a heaTy per centum to the stockholders.
I invito gentlemen of capital to examine tho prop,
erty. Mr. Wm. Kohler, the agent, will gire all
the necessary information, or thev can call and
se nie at Hickory Grove or Poplar Camp, ia
Wythe county, Va.
mh 26-52-dtt-w4t A. N. CHAFFI X.
HIDES, HIDES.
HAVING OBTAIN Kp THK SERVICES OF
Mr. Woodward, one of the bot Taunt rs in
the Confederate Staten, I am now ready and re.
eeiving HIDES to Tan on Shares. I tan for
one-half, and sell my share to owner, (exsvpt
speculators,) at ono dollar per pound, or'for one
third d sell as I choose. Tanning done for in
dient toldivrtt' families freo of charge. I will
re-tan and finish leather for the government or in
dividuals on reasonable terras. Persons requiring
information are leferred to tho edi'ors of tie
CoHfvdSritteS J. ROOT. JEFFREYS,
an l57-9lwAw4 w
w 1 T TJ1T V nnT I I no iimi i n
K K V A !( o,- liana way
t Lurnxden's Foundry in
4- trow Mefsrs. Tappv
Nash county, on Saturday nie-ht. the toth
negro man PORRIS, aged 47 years, fix feet in
height, of dark complexion, quiok gpoken and
limps slightly in wal'in. Doubtless hd in en
deavorir.g to get to the Yankee lines. I will pay
the above reward f-r his delivery iy we, or con.
&nemcnt in any jail so I get him nirnin.
v' W. H. WATSO.V, M. D.
Castalia, Nash Co., X. C.
April 19th, 1S64. ap 25-76-dItw2t
$50 KKWAIU).
R ANA WAY FROM THE SUBSCRIBER ON
the 14th of Fobruary, a NEGRO WOMAN.
Said woman is about 30 yrnrs of age, complexion
biark, height 5 feet four inches, and has lost her
right breast by a cancer. Suppose the is try
ing to pass herself off as a free woman in tbe
neighborhood of Knp of Reeds, or Tally Jlo,
Granville county, N. C. Tho tbove reward will be
paid tor ber delivery to Die or confinement in j iil
bo that I can get her.
SARAH IC. ROSS
ap l57-w4t
DurhAius Station, N. O.
Notice.. -Taken up nnd committed to
the Jail of Ca.awb.i, a dark XEiJKO man
ibout fifty years of age. Said negro says his name
!. nr r iS a vn .1 . i 1 1... ,i
isru(iAOAiu,uu mm nv is mc properly OI
Hugh Carlyle and Geo. Henderson of Georgia.
A. J. HELTEX, Jailor.
Newtdn N. C. April 13th 1864. ap. 20 12-w 6 m .
Jailor's Notice. Taken up and Commit
ted to the-Jail of Chatham county, N. C, a
NEGRO MAN, who says his name is Wat hington ;
that ha belongs to Mrs. Emily Williams of New
UanoVercounty, N. 0. He is about 5 feet 10 inches
high and dark complected. The owner is hereby
ne'iflcd to come forward, prove property, and pay
charges, or he will be dealt with according to l w.
W. HANKS, Jailob.
April 1 1, 1864. ap20-12-3w
FOtt SHERIFF OF WILSON C01MY.
WE ARE AUTHORIZED TO ANNOUNCE
Lieut. GARRY FULGHGM, of Co. B, 2d
N. C. Infantry, as a candidate for the office of
High Sheriff of the county of Wilson N. C., in
the coming August election,
ap 21-73-d4tAw4t
Offlco of Chief Quartermaster, Raleigh,
February 17tb 1864. Proposals will be re
ceived at this office until the 28th inst., for the
manufacture of Oil from the Tithe Pea Nuts.'
Proposals must state tbe price per gallon for the
oil produced; aa tbe Government will require
the total produce of oil as well as oilcake.
W. W. PEIRCK.
20-d3tAw3t Mai. and Chief Q. M.
gf Wilmington Journal, Fayetteville Obser
ver, Raleigh Standard and Petersburg Register,
copv 3 times and send bill to Maj. Peirce.
To The Voters of Wake County. Fellow
CI 1IZENS : At the urgent request tf many
gentlemen, ootn in the army and at home, i am
a candidate to represent you in the House of Com
mons of the next Legislature of North Carolina.
"My principles and views, as a" Southern man
"after tbe straitest sect, are well known to" my
personal friends. "These principles and views are
what they have been. They will not be changed."
Prior to the Proclamation of Mr. Lincoln in
1861, calling for seventy-five thousand men, I
was a Union man ; but seeing that the Northern
States of the Government sought our degradation
and ruin, I tore frtfm my bosom the last spark of
affection which I cherished for the Union, and
took my stand with the sons of North Carolina,
and the South, in behalf of Right, of Truth, and
Freedom.
In May 1861, I volunteered as a private, and
remained in the army until my health failed, when
I waa discharged. Believing that the surest and
speediest way to obtaia peace is by a vigorous
prosecution of the war, I am in favor of exerting
our whole strength, as a people, until this end if
obtained. So long as the enemy construes any
proposition coming from us for peace as an ad
mission of weakness on our part, it would be mad
ness in us to submit them. We must fight on
and pray on, trusting that God will, in His own
good time, give us an honourable and lasting peace.
If we will continue to cooperate with, and sus
tain our President a man "worthy of Rome in
Rome's best days," I honestly believo that the
day of our deliverance is near at hand.
I shall give to Gov. Vance a hearty and cheer
ful support. I know the man, and I know him to
Lbe a chivalrous, generous man, and a pure patrio;.
As to the manner in which he has guided the neim
of State amid the perils which environ her, it is
unnecessary for me to speak. We have all seen
and felt the good effect growing out of his wise
and judicious administration.
If you elect me, fellow citixeni, I shall exert
whatever of influence I may possess to mitigate
the sufferings of our gallant soldiers, by suppor
ting and cheering them in the field, and taking
care of their familiea at home. I thall legislate
for no party, out for the whole people of North
Carolina, and their posterity. '
JOHN W. YAGE, M. D.
ap. 15-68d6t wtf. ;
QrriCK or lsspjecaoa or OaosiNCK, C. S. N.
WIueknton, N. C, 18th April, 1864. J
MINERS WANTED.
THOSE persona skilled ia the business, can find
profitable employment by applying to Capt.
A. B. FMax, C S. N., by rat W.rrenton,
ap 20-12-2t Maj. A Ch'f Q. M., Raleigh, N. C.
Fayetteville Observer, Charlotte Democrat,
and Wilmington Journal, copy two week. i
weekly and send bills to this ofhec.
'Of