THE CONFEDERATE.
A. M. GOIWAS CO., Proprietors.
THE CONFEDERATE.
PvP
ADVERTISING-.
ADVERTISEMENTS will be inserted at mars
roiLAkj per eqoartf'of tea Uaes (or leu) for escK
insertion. Marriage aotkes and obhatrlee will b
charged m advcUliemontt.
-V- 3
1
TERMS:
DAILY EDITION, for f month $1
3 " v
a u i 11 3
TRI-WEEKLY, for 6 months lj
3 "
WEEKLY EDITION, for 6 month? 5
No 8uo-criptiou. will be received o- any other
tf rms than the above, nor for a longer cr shorter
period.
The $5 Nole s.
l 4
: " :
raleigh, Wednesday; may is, isci
j . TV VJbVA.
) JOB WORK of every description will bM
0L. I.
NO. 16.
ecutsu at tfiis Umce with diapatch, aod as seattv
a can be done anywhere !n the Sontbern Con
ederaev.
No one will take from us the Five Dollar
Note" at pur. and we must therefore decline
re cei vi n g them except a I the same discount
lie la re Nofs of the old tsue are subject
to. We dislike very muoh to be compelled
to this announcement ; but the outside preasnre
oompclls us to do so.
The Army ?fcws.
The news we give in our Telegraphic col
umns is choeriag indeed, giving almost Jull
cr.ifil'nci to the hope, all fcel. that signal,
co-iiplte and 6nal victory will crown our
arm in sill the terrible contests now being
wag'?d .
Such a hop? is inspired by tho despatches
from G.M5. Lee's army. The grave as well as
brave, cautious and sagacious old H to him
self, seuJs .nos ei!C r tgi'ig rep rtrt from hi
army, aid we hpo before going to press to
anri'un?o that he has achieved a decisive tri
umph. T ie Aent of the Presa ss ociation at Rich
mond, 'a'iv.'A its to understand that the Yan
kees have b'jen cleaned up between R chrnond
an J P temmrg and W Idea andtfie latter
p!ace,aod that telegraphic corimuniearion by
that rue rm bj expected t be resum-d
every h ur fAVe have boo receiving dts
p itc ie vit D t ivillrt and Greensnor- J
An I from Gen. Juiino:i'n army we have
the g'fchl news of a splendid repulse of the
trv-my m h's a'tack on his lines.
Everything is bright, and we believe that
very s hjii ' t ie winter of our discantsut will
be turned to glorious summer ."
The "Stiaitest Seel" Conservatives or
Raleigh.
The Mr. Holdemtes of Raleigh held a meet
ing in the Court Ifo'ise last Friday night. Af
ter being adrertiaed for we do not know bow
long, aul having the bell rung fur a half-hour
raor -t or leas, ab-jut 100 persona assembled
more than half of whom evidently had n? de
sign to b considered "iu" the affair. Mr
Liun A U;Q-, about the greatest speculator if not
ra nt he irtle- extartioaer ia the place, wag
m i Je ou iir u in of the meeting, and Mr. Bun
ting, oih of II l leu's employees in his of
fice, secretary ; wnile the editor of the Progress
was chief engineer of "der masbeen." The
whole thing n a miserable fizile a most
contemptible failure, as well as an amusing
farc. B it Wtj leave our correspondent to tell
the story, which he 1 )ti in the most graphic
an l hum r u manner. Turn to his" account
iu another coluuiu, aud prepare for a rioh -entertainment.
Let it be remembered aud noted, that this
little, low, sniveling meeting w i held for base
party purpose-, at the very m rnat when the
sons, husbands, fit hers and brothers of our
people were engaged in deafly strife with the
euemj', many of whom were weltering in their
gore dead and dying, or groaning and suffering
with ghastly wouu Is. It was held at the time and
hour when the w:iole State was convulsed
with anxiety and solicitude for the fate of their
country aud their friends when every true
heart felt that the fate of our country was sus
pended in tne baliace, and upon the success of
the battle then wijed, the lives, liberty and honor
of our people, in de aud female, depended. At
such a timo, the friends of Mr. II dden were
assemble I, to pr note party ends! Ought no
will not such cou luct call down upon the move
ment i wad de igoed to promote the scorn and
execrations of every true man in the laud?
God help our State if amid the throes and con
vulsions of such an h mr, her peopl- will ap
provaaud unite ia such party meetings and
pir'y squabbles, for the prom tiou of little, low
party ends. Taey will not approve such but
on the contrary, will set the seal of their con
demnation upon it in such a broad and emphat
ic mi uiras will sink tae originator and all
coneeruel ia it beneath the contempt of the
world.
From What County ?
We tiriders'a d that orator John" of
the Progrees lor be it known thi under
ground II l te it campaign has developed two
orators in that concro- hence we mut deir
nate them specially, lest like the two Leach's
iu C. 'nzress o w sn ill deny the oth-T w sav
orator J ihn, ' the rascal," not the "little gi
ant'' ot the cooler. i iidin his t -plortical
display at the "Straitst Sect" meeting on
Friday nigit, that lie was a member of the
Charlotte Gnventiou iu 1859. where be
worked with roig t at,d main tor hi present
inastvr and demi g xi, W. V. H dden.
We unirsraud that several gentlemen
who wire there there a!1 the tim anrl
dul w.rk heart and wul for Mr. Holdrni
these gentlemen request the editor of the
Prcgresx-to state wha county he represented,
and where and with whom did he do all the
work he brags about ? Tn a gentlemen say
they did not see or hear anything of him. and
they do not find his name rec rded among
the del -gates in the proceedings of t ie Cbuven
a. Tney are anxious to know what county
he represented. Will he enlighten those gen
tlemen ?
Good DErriNiTiox. Some sensible person
says -an old maid ia a lady who has attained
'he ae of twenty -four or five without having
niarritd a fool, a knave, a gum bier or a drunkard."
4tTne Straitest Sect Movements."
A gentleman ha furnish cd-us with a printed
handbill, from the Standard uttice. announcing
to the "craft," or "circle'or dark-lantemiies,
who they are to support in Johnston county
for the Legislature. We understand that sim
ilar handbills are to be issued, or have been,
for other counties, telling "the brethren" who
the "inner circle" tha holds its secret mid
night meetings, sometimes in rooaas without
even a ''tallow dip candle" to shed its dim
iight upon. their dark schemes letting the
faithful understrappers in each county know
rwho the "star chamber circle" at Rile gh,
have selected as men that will do the dirty
work of the ' straittrst noct" riaht. A meeting
of the people is tb'n to be gotten up in each
county, and with the preliminaries, resolu
tions, all cut and dried from th-- Standard
office, us in the meeting in Rtleigh last Friday
night, the pill is thiu to -be crammed dowu
ue uniuspm;iiiig uiroats ui uic auw
I they are to be called on to supp rt them as
the people's choice ! This is a very pretty
gam; hut if it is not thoroughly exposed, we
.shall b deceived that's all.
We learn from a correspondent, that at dawn,
on Saturday 30tb ult., a pquad of Yankees
under command .of Capt. H. K-lly, crossed
White 0k river in boats, and inn led at Mt.
Pleasant, Onslow coumty, one mile in the rear of
Swansboro. They advaoced upon this past, and
surprised aud cap ured all the pickets Ten
sold era in th regular service, and two Home
Guards w.-re the number of prisoners taken
While here th ey fired and destroyed two ware
houses, a c iper shop, a store, and a Doctor's
office Messrs. Barmun and McLane were the
principal sufferers by the. fire. Their loss is
estimated at $12 000 The Commissary De
partment lot t sixty barrels of fish. Some acts of
theft were comm tted cn the citizens but it
must be said in justice to Capt. Kelly that he
endeavored to restrain his men from such dis'
graceful con luct A Lieutenant was particu
larly anxious to monopolize the spoils," and
was not scrupulous as to the means he employ
ed. Mr. Murrill. Sheriff of the county, had
hi watch stolen, and s me articles of jewelry
were abstracted. A few boats and male 'con
trabaids" were taken s trophies of the rail.
To pilfer senavl to be the predominating pas-sion-of
the Lieutenants' s heart. Can such acts
restore the Union, and re-u itte the bods nt
fraternal affection ? They clearly show the
utter hopelessness and despair of the Northern
Government.
The enemy manifested a particular dedre to
capture a couple of gentlemen whose acquain
tance they desired to make. One was absent,
the other made his escape in a most singular
mode, considering the vigilant efforts made to
secure his person. The sheriff f the o-ojnty,
and Messrs. Barnum, and McLane were taken
to the Federal lines, and released after two
days confinement. vlilitary prisoners and
citizens were treatel with kindness.
The men belonging to the regular service
who were captured, were members 'of Co. H"
41sr Reg't N. C. cavalry, one from Co. "II"
10th Reg't. N. C. Troops, and one from Capt.
Joy's Cq, 67th Reg' State Troops. Lieut.
Leonard was the only officer who fell into their
hands.
he information possessed by the enemy, in
regard to individuals and places, was of the
most certain aud definite character. This is
accounted for by their bringing a man with
them, wh m they had captured, and according
to their own confession had coerced into act
ing as guide and informer. They gave him a
Yankee uniform, and thus used him to serve
thdr own purposes, against tha country of
which he was a sworn soldier. Is this in ac
cordance with the rules of war ?
The incursion was a brief visit ; a complete
surprise, and a hasty retreat to Shepardsviile.
Should Capt. Kelly wissi to repeat the experi
ment, he will find what a salutary lesson our
boys have learned.
From X wbern.
The following hasty note from Col. McRae,
one of the E htora of this paper, was received
on yesterday morning. It was written several
d lys since, but gives the status of affairs below
up to Friday morning last at day-break :
Near Newbebn.
I avail mysef of a nonaent of quiet this
morniug, IxTore sunrise, t-- give you a rapid
sketch of the situation as ar as proper.
Yesterday the forces having duly arrived,
the first encounter of theeneruy was at Evans'
Mill, were he had a formidable w.rk, with
one gun. This was handsomely carried by
two pieces arid Capt. ConiiniiigP of Col.
St rr'a Btf alion, supported by a flanking
party ..f dira untei men from Col. Baker's
cavalry.
Brig Gen. D taring took charge of the Rail
road, capturing a bhck house with its garri
son ot 57 men. So far five or six gunboats
have been discovert d uear the town, and yes
terday they 8hlled furiously killing .me
four r five, ai d wounding s-ver 1 ot our men.
GenH- ke teyocd doubt took his p"si ions
last night, and to day or to morrow wdi de
velops his plans. All eyes are turned down
the. river for Cooke and the Albemarle. No sign
of her yet. Yours.
D. K. McR;
Friday morning, at day-bre ik
The following is from our Kinston Cor res
pondeat :
Kisston, Mav 7
Mb GorMak ; A couri. rcamein Torn the
frotit this mor-dog, and represta " that our
troops have invwtsd the town of Kswbsrn,
and that GenBbke has sent in to the city
dsaanding is snrret-det. When the raes
snger left for tbia place, no answer to the
Gntral'a dem.tnd, had been received On
dav before y sterday, our raen stormed the
enerova works, at ftrice cfeek, and carried
one Bhx;k house, capturing fifty odd prisoner
and two pices of arti'itery. N eue hurt on
our side in the assault.
The .enemy's gunboats, threw one shell
intotfen. Evans (South Carolina) brigade,
which e-xpi .-Hied and killed and wounded 25
it i? iaet.
At last ar;ciuns, tmr ir-n clad ram'(Albe
marble had nor come up to time, and it was
bedeved that Gen. Hoke would withdraw,
and fall hack to Kinst u. before making the
attack. I have no idea that the Yankees will
accede to our demand for a surrender of the
city.
The enemy 8 strength at Newbern is said to
be six guuboats, v. all maun d, and 7000 laud
f rces.
Our cavalry under Gen. Deiring, have cut
the Atla ti R olmad, bcl w the town.
We are n t advised tnat Newbern has been
captured by ourtro-.ps; but if delayed, it is
only a posiponement uotil another, import- nt
. matter is attended to first. Then Newberu
falls intotur bands beyond question.
For the Confederate.
Grand Entertainment!
Mbssb-.. Eoitjbs: List Fndurv evening,
white siUNteriuir down Fytteville street, I
'xras startled by a m st I'er.oioi8 ringing of tne
Court House bell, and I waited in fearful, ex
pectation of h-anng the cry of fire! but to
my reat relief no -uoh cry fell upon my ear.
The thought occurred, that probably a meet
ing of some sort was to be held, and to the
Court House I wvnt. Sure enough, it was
a gathering of the i'Strait st Sect," and some
one away back in the north east corner of the
room was addressing the audience in that pe
culiar styl known and practiced only by th
said 'Sect.'' It was evident that the speak
er was in much doubt as to what he snould
say, and how he should say it. as there was
devolving upon him the twofold duty f giv
ing tone to speeches that might follow, and
preparing the meeting for a string of resolu
tions which had baea prepared fur the occa
sion. 1 soon ascertained that the orator was a no
less personage than the fat partner of the
Progress o"ffice, familiarly called Johu the
rascal; "and it was very appareut that -Johu"
felt his importance, on that p irticular occa
sion. He rose o submit a motion to raise a
comni'ttee on resolutions, tor the action of ihe
meeting, and while np. John" thought it a
tit tin e to give us a specimen o' his oratory,
and a lew of his idean on matters and things
in general. I was gla i t-st he did, for. among
other things which lie said, he fiequently de
clared, with great emphasis, that this war
must not not stop short ot ituiependeuee, and.
sanl he, "whoever asserts that the (Straitest
Sect) Conservative party wisi to disband our
armies, aud stop this war, sh irt of th estab
lishment ot our n ti nal independence, is
guilty of a base, black, slanderous and scur
xilous false'iood." - Ha cotild not speak tor
thse present i divi dually, but. for bimsdif
ne aw no way ot stopping the war but dv
keeping up our armies and oiving a cheerful
supp rt t botft Stase aod C mledorate gov
ern mems.''
I th -tight that was pretty good, coming
from 'J )hn," but the 'Mrattesi. Sect" dul
not sean to relish it so we 1. ior there was no
applause until Johii,,'sa d something about
taking an olive branch along in rear of the
fi g. Then a fellow on the opposite side ot
the room (who had evidently smelt a bottle.)
bugn a m 8' violent assault upon the beneh
which was responded to by two or thre
others. ''Johu'' alli.d -d to a speech made by him
in that same house, four years ago, when he
an 1 H. W. Miller, the champion of pa :e.
were breasting the tide of fanaticism -'But."
said he, fanaticism triumphed nd waren
su d, and, being a loyal citizen. I at once
espoused the cause of the South " (Is it not
a Utile stranue he should h ive espoused that
fanaticism wh eh he and Mr. Miller had so
nobly breasted?)
The orator alluded frequently to what he
ternn d a little squad ot secessionists, who fa
vored secession, but had never smelt gun
powder. That was the 'otikin lest cut" of all;
for it will e remembereil by all hi acquaint
ances, that Mr Richardson, 'JhnV' partner,
comes un ir that head. He was one of the
originals;' ami we doubt was one of the
men who agreed to wipe up all the blood shed
in this war with his cambric. But, the best f
John's" speech was, that he pledged the last
man to ibe prosecution of the war, and wag
just in the a t of adding (as I thought) "and
the last dollar." when a grunt fr -m the oppo
site side oi the room brought him to a sudden
halt, and down he sat. seemingly much ex
hausted and much confused.
The Chairman, an original croaker, but
who, report says, has made two or three for
tunes out of the war, by speculation and
otherwise, b'-p-d, that an he "wasn't usen't to
tieh things," the aud ence would suggest
suitable persons V s-rve n the committee of
resoiutims S m b -dy suggested the afore
mentioned orat r; but John.' with his usual
m 'desy, declin-d, hut, w-uld stiggsst the
name of his friend "G4." Buotmg. who was
an oid stager and knew all about sud things,"
thus clearly intimating that be, J .hn." tlid
not have the resolutioj-s in hi - p cket, but
Bunting did. (Banting, you koow, i8 a -positor
in the Standard fSce. and one of Mr.
Holden's tools in the transition of small job-.)
But Bunting being one of the Secretaries of
the meeting, declined also, and I began t
think that I bad guessed wrong, in supposing
that Mr Holden had t'ent the resolutinns by
him. For . moment 1 wa entirely at sea as
to who "had the ttiimble." b t, when, a
moment after I saw this same MrBunting
leave his seat and foil w the retiring com
mittee into a shady nook, I doubted no more.
During the absence of th, oo nmittee we
had a rare tim In response t a very
feeble call, Maj R iss ea' i he ra oerelv as
a "limker ondn Veiii. e " and had n intention
ot participating iu the ppc ediugs, and noped
he wi utd be xcud. .
A call was nude for Mr Ric'ar lon. one
cf that little suad shaded to y "Jbn " bnt
of lato'rlayshe 'little giant of the" straitest
feet." He, like Maj. Ru s, had not come there
to make a speech, but he could not take his seat
with -ot saving a few words in response tti
the very fhvtering call, (it was verv flattering
over the left) made upon him. He told us
that be otfd for GoTernor Vance two years
ago, believing that be was the grett embodi
ment of thaCoo-erv ttive party; but recently
the Goveruor had departed from his former
prirtcipls, and the 'Straitest Sect'' had to
loofetp thfct other great embodimnit of G Mi
ser Vatistn. W Wr Holden. "who was net only
thegreat embodiment of true Conservatism, but
of all that wasreaf, grand and glorious in all
this great country."
That lat fl nirish oa ne pretty nth making
rae laugh, for. as often a he has fingers and
toes, this earn'? Mr Ri -hards u has been h' ard
to say, that Holden (-big sam "emb 1 ment
of 11 that is g-eat, grad and glorious.') was
one of the most consummate dem ggu g that
ever wielded a partisan pen. Bat it must e
remembered that at hat time Mr. Richardson
was suppo tirrg Mr. Breckinridge, while Mr
Holden wag a D uglas sympathizer, although
givin Mr Bre. kenr'dge a nominal support.
Mr Riebardson murdeted a god jke that
the Hon. D. W. Courts used to tell at h'S own
expense, which ma le some of the boys laugh,
and the aforraentioae-4 Ml iw rap the bench.
He told another stale j ,ke and amid the
little merriment which it excited, he took his
seat.
A call was made for Captain DeCarteret,
bur he did not respond.
Stillness feigned.
At length somebody called for Od Bunt
ing. No soon r sad than done. Burning
came to the call by thanking his God (that's
the expression of a phariee of the ''strai'est
sect") -thanking his God!-' that in spite
of t e efforts of would-be tyrants to take
away our liberties, we were yet a free people,
and in the language of our illustrious .Vire
President St phens, he would exclaim : "Give
tne Con-sti-tu-tion al liberty, or giv me
death." He repeated the speech learned him
at the Standard office nretty w II. but here he
broke d wn hemmed and looked blank, but
finally said 1 cannot make a speech ; ;I
wish I could ; .but italics seem to me that
when'-ver I get up to make a speech I choke
right tiuht. I wi-h I cotild talk like some
folks, so that I migut tell you how good I do
feci on the present occasion. Recovering a lit
from bis 'choking' sensa'ion, he continued:
"Fellow citixens, I raly do believe that if I
was to try to make many more -speeches,
they'd soon, git to rolling out'n my motrh
like honey," (Great applause) Fell w
citizens, if I could only go to sich a meeting
as tni. evety night, before tine mouth had
passed i'd git to making sirn good speeches
some o! you would sy, by jinj, that fellow
ought to go to Congress." Tvraei,doog ap
plase. amid which the "Gd.'' fain ed away.
Enquire Wicker ws rhen called for, but
lha gentlem i begge I ti be excused, 'or the
reason tl at "he l ad never been to school but
three nights in his lite; on two of thcn the
teacher was absent, and oti the third they
had no lights, consequently be didn hav
much larniu " The Squire was ex- ued
without even a smile at his attempted wit.
Thu closed the speaking, and I assure you,
M -ssrs Editors, I have given you a pretty
?a r specimen of the oratory to wnich the
'Straitest S 'ct" and myself wero treated on
that occasion."
There being nothing before the meeting,
" John " suggested that a committee be r is
ed to make arrangements for the county mass
meeting which' would be held in this ci?y on
Monday of May Court At thisjunetur , Mr
Holden's employee C !. ' Buoting whisp;r
ed something in the ear of the Chairman,
whereup n, the ' cheer " said, he reck tied
there was n use'n acting on the motion (ol
'John') as he was pretty certain th t the re
port of t tie Cfimmit-tee on resolutions would
cover the wh le ground;" (you know Bunting
told the cheerman " that Mr. Holden had
fixed that, matter in the resolution.) Su e
enough when th- resolutions came, it was ju.t
as Bunting told the cheerman 'twould be.
O' the r-'solutioas, I need not speak. Are
they n t published by John ' ? But the
reading of them by "Col." Bunting was a
perfect circus, for. no? withstanding 1 suspect
that Mr. H lden had been practicing the re-ad-1
er before a glas lor a woek beforehand, thei
... .a I
latter madA most awtui mess ot it. 1 sup
pose t;6 ( straitest sect" understood them,
but I c mfess 1 did not. Th reading, after
i onsid- rable stumbling, blundering and spell
ing out words, having at length been fisdsbed,
the "cheerman " put the question upon the;r
adoption. All iu favor id thea ioption of the
resolutions just rea will make it known bv
saying, aye." Not a word was heardf The
stillmss of death,br Hded over the assembly.
N- "no spe iking, the Cnainnan pr cee ie ;
" all those wlu are oppned t the resoluUons
will say, no .' Not a syllable uttered.
The " cheer " sank back amazed the au
dience looked douhriiilly at ea-'h other, and I
must confess even t me, the situation was le
commg very embariaasing. The resolution
weie lost for the want of a siugle. aye aod.J
repeat, the situation was becoming very pain
ful even- to an outsider; when " John ' arose
and in trembling accents suggested to the
" cheer," that, may be the meeting didn't un-
dertand the question, and urge the propriety
of putting it again, Th" question was put a
second time auJ eight or ten feeble voices
Slid, aye; the great majority not voting.
Mers. Editors, of all the political meetings
1 have ever a'tenided. this farce of the 4Strai -est-Sect"
wascertainiy the most ludicrous and
disgusting The only enthuia-m exhimte!
was ctaMoned by the speech f Bu- ting, the
gist of which 1 have already given But,
when I tell you that ch men as U pt. Harri
son and G! Russ left tneir seats and took
their stad iu the vest' ule, just otuside th
dnir, in th1 dark, so as not to appear fO be
identified ith the meeting, oo can form a
better idea of this farce thau I can give yon
in words of MY OWN.
W T. WiK,a meuer of the Yankee Con
gress tr m Weiern Virginia n a rerent
sp- ch, decl r d that -it tie bd-ved the Bib e
sncioi:ed slavery, he WoUtd curse God and
die."
The greatest miracle of love is the befor
Esation of a cqatt,
I or the Confederate.
The Grand Jury or Lincoln County.
To Mis KxeeUeitry. Z. U Yakcc, Oocenter of
North Carolina.
The undersigned. Jurors for the county cf
Lincoln. My Term, 1234 feeling a deep in
terst in the prcaeut condition and future
.welfare of our country, aud aware of the
powerful effi.rs now b ing made by a small
malignant f a to subjugate us, despoil ne of
our property and bring us ender btetaraud
dep tic rii4e. aided by mercenary hirelings
from Europe, and stolen negroes (hit beloved
troops of A riean d-scer.t ) do hereby request
your Excelh ncy to visit.and address the peo
ple .f this county, at such times aud places
as may suit your convenience, ou tins mst
imponatit tipics of t e day. snd discourage
a- far as potable that sj irit of disloyalty
which unhappily exists in our midst. Be
lieving, as we biticereiy do, in the justness of
our cause, and relying upon an overruling
Providence to crown our arms with victory,
ano final ttinmph in onr great struggle for
Southern I dependence, and hoping that yu
may find find it in your power to comply with
this, our request, at an early day.
We remain, yours respectfully,
C. L. Hunter, Foreman ; M Shitle, H
Cansler P Ki. tier, G S. Rtmseur, Wra. P.
Connel, Allen Alexander. Philip Hovis. J.
Hehhrnian. J. G Armstrong, M. Carpenter,
H H Wilkinson. George f.Kjn. John Lackey,
AdamTowry.Dam-l Finger, Absalom Brown,
Thomas Wells.
Tie Co 'iservniice, FayHtvil!e Observer,
Wettfrn Dtmuerut and Charlotte Bulletin are
requested to copy.
Evacuation or Washington.
A friend ha- sent us the following hand-bill
copy of the Yankee account of the evacuation
cf Washington. It seems to have been print
ed in Washington by the Yankees, and the
form left standing in the Printing Office there
where it was found after they had left. The
" Still L.ter " account, at the close, wag evi
dently addid by the (Confederates after they had
taken possession of the place.
WTAsHiNToirvN c Apdl 23, '64
I have just time to forward you a few
words. Great txotemotit has prevailed here
and throughout the department since Sunday
night the 17th instant, wheu the town of Ply
mouth twenty-eight miles from here was
attacked by the rebels, wfco tent an iron clad
down the R anoke river, and its operations
bcirrgr supported by a strong land force, the
garrisn was taken a flora determined struggle,
which lastfd till the morniug of the twentieth.
The operations of the iron clad venscl proved
succors ul in every re-pect. our fieet waa com
pletely co'.quered, and thp town was taken
after the fioh desperate assault by the e.r-mv.
In losing the town we also ..x tw vr-.-?rU of
the navy, nnd as brave an fflcvr as ever tr d
the doek of an American vpsgel f war. The
nams f the naval f.fficer killed wss Captain
Flu-ser cf the Jtutma. The enemy ht at
least fifty per cent, more than the Federals.
This town is to be evacuated in a few hoars.
The troops are getting upon the boats as fat
as possible. The heavy guns are covering our
retreat, as the enemy are within ght of our
entrenchments. The poor negroes arc fiying
for protection in every dirpcti-n, and to-mor
row will aee this town in thr hands of the en
en y No more time to .spire as the evacua
tion take place in a few hours. ' Ali is excite
ment hile I writ.
LaTEB Friday, 29' b. The rebels did not
come to town last night. Nearly all the
troops are g ne. and the town, of late so lively,
is growing as quiet as a graveyard. A few
citizens alone remain fad and lonely residents
of the beautiful town The heavy gun ad
other army store are being removed as fast as
possible. Fhe only tr-op in town are the
ISth Connecticut, the 17th Mas., and a por
tion of a R I Artillery.
Stii.l Later -Saturday, April 80th, Evening.-
The evacustJon of this tow . has been
accomplished in the most peaceal.l- ma ner.
The rebels had not the courage to assault the
p'ace, although a slight effort to do so was
made this m rning on the mutb West side of
Pamlico. Ou- pickets theie. composed of a
Company of the 15th Connecticut, nnder
command of Lieut. G-odrich, maintained their
position and drove the enemy back the econJ
time. Col. M'Chesiey ot the l.-t N. C Vols., .
assisted bv,Lt. CoJ. Tolles, of th 15th C-nn.
Vols., is ii cotrmand of the town.
, . K1ILL LATER.
OcCUPATtON BY THE 0M FEDERATES MAT
1, 18ti4 The Confederate force occupied the
town last evening. Their entree was joyfully
hailed by the loyal citizens. As re narked
above, tne evacuation was "nrnplere. A few
small arms, - me ammunition, twenty males,
and twelve l.ors were ciptured. The busi
ness portion of tne town i consumed bv fi'e,
Baffa'oes. negnas and Hofdenites have left to
a man. The 1 yal citiz- ns are hopeful aJd
cheerful, and trust that the good work will
contii ie until the old North St e is entirely
free of ur hea-tlees and treacherous enemy.
Every true Confederate should re'ic-. f r an
oppressed people are relieved. We have not
time for further remarks. The fall details
Will appear to-morrow.
ESCALANTA.
Editors of the G'Nfedebatk : As it is a
time when all who love tt-ei- Guntrv and in
dependence should o ntribure so-nethiog to
the sick and wounded fihe poor Mi'diera who
are nw nVbtinr for that independence, I
wonld respect fuily suggest that all who can,
would furnish a cow to the HospitaU now be
ing filled with wounded from the seat of battle.
Th ee or four good milch cows u an Hospital
would ountribute a great deal to their welfare
and comfort. Milk issomething that aim t
every soldier i food of, an 1 's the mt nutri
tions of all fod. The own cu'd easily be
subsisted upon the slops, &c. wbih art daily
being hrowu away. And vegetatioo is now
putting forth to such an extent that it would
rt-quire bur little eke to feed ihem uion
Let ihe ep riom t b- tried.. Thre are
nt n tne- living in tuxurv at li m , who
c u'd w-Jl spare one cw !r fie leo fit of the '
poor 'Offering s-l liers; an I if -e has a heart
ae big ax a grain of wuat. w u 1 not hajsiute
for a moment to make thecotrribotioo.
WOUMCS9 &iUE.
i Declaration of ver open the Govern.
ment
The Augusta Chronic!, which, or.dtr
somo maUvn influence t f the times, ha
changed its entire nature, and 'rom oae tf t.
most digcifie and conseryative l as beo mi
the otht reckiesa and radical of journals in U
the South the t.ry Press cf North Carol irn
not excepted rromulgatee the fllowlng ex
traordinary sentiments In recent Issue :
Ws art of tbt opinion that sbv ctvillaa sr.
reted hy mllttery aetkArlty in Oecrgtt, will ttr
the right of the writ of habesi c.trpxu If ko
fit to demand U, as long as Qvernor Brown roc
twds the drftlnien tf this cosDmorwt-aUh. Tk
advoesten f a central Evrnuent must Le txfti
injrly carefal in their UDeooatitntiinl grapttif
after undelegated pewers, not to tre5p wpenthe
lights or HbcrtU-8 of any citizen of this Ptale.--Guventor
Brown has taken hia Hand by the Cod
titatlon. snd Will aialotftin it. lie ia -ot the man
to be intimidated ; nor i be tbe-man to bark drn
wben he is convinced be in tn the rigkt. There in
no doubt as to the eorr rtneas of hi rxuntion ;
neither ie there n duubt a- to the feelioo of bis
conttitoents. They will curtain him in hi course.
Confederate 'Giciata know fall wellwHst bin policy
will be if th liberty of any cititcn f Georgia ia .
infringed upan ia the leaat. Knowing this ihcj
will alone be at fault if ny rolliicn orcurn bc
tneen them sndthe8tale anthoritiea in rerd to
the tfaepenaon of the writ tf habcsi curpu."
The Savannah Rcpuhlicau. from which we
copy the" foregoing, treats at !c ngf 1 cf the ab
surdity of a crusade stains' the Confederate
Goveu.tnent in hthalf nf State sr.d popular
rights, in rhich Ivitli muH be attacked first
in a usurpation hv the Governor of the func
tions o' the Judiciary in dttermit ing thattl.o
law is nn constitutional a point i.f hich the
Constitution debars him from oil fficial
knowlrdgc until it has been ascertained and
decid d by the courts Second, in assuming
that the pe pie agree with him and wji. assynt
willingly Uhe ordei compelling thrm tofi2ht
the Confederate Government, when they may
tioi agree with him, ar.d may think it ngriev.
ous hardship ar d gna violation of their per
sonal hh-rty to e forced into a conflict nit'i
the Confederate Goverrment. Is t!i-.ihf way
to vindicate State rights aud tho liUriy vf tho
citizen 7
But more than we seri"Cly fear, any rlli
ion between the State and G ufedrrate author
ities, wo th'prrr&te the spirit f the para
graph from the Chronicle. He wenis to ilea
for a fuss He nets- the loy wth a chip on his
shoulder, dating somebody to knock it off, und
"spiling for-a fight." The Conh derate Gov
ernment will not gratify his pugnacity. It
has enoiijkh to!o iu fighting the con m u ene
my it will neither seek nor permit a quart!
with Georgia.
Wc are reminded by this s!tb;ect of a iettf-r
ino'.'.r p-.HsessiMU from a distinguished Jnifgo
in the Confederacy, whi;h will iilulrato tl.o
; difference in the spirit iu which the Habeas
; Corpus Legislation of Congre ss wasco- ccived.
aiid of thftt In which U is opposed. 8-ys tl x
fauctior.ary. (who shall be nane!es):
1 h.ivf. held Gurt when Jumncn, wltnrn.
cs. Ma'siisll and District Attorney all agreed
that their lives and families and prp rty wrro
in dar.gor in tho event of th( convictions t.f
pers-ns bef-re th Court. J no'ifrd tht Pitf
id.nt that the 2Jibas Corfu net ou.jht to be
suspended J" Jom (Os.) TeUgraph.
Tar. Danger of a Cakx- waik. The 'r.!ood.
lessness of a cannon .de was shown cn tho
Xotth Carolina cjatt a few wrek sinc'
when the blockade runner, Lucy, got aground.
The authorities at the fort promptly .t
uJorvn guns to protect her. A letter says :
t Preparations were at "uce made by the crew
! ami soldiers from the fort to bale and float the
! Lucy, which had been purposely filial with
water to prevent the enemy from bowing her
od In the comae of the afternoon ievo
vesels advanced to attack the Lucy, feeling
their way by the lead and forming in line of
battle. From five o'e:ok until dark they eon
tinuetl to rain shot and shell ar tho unarnvd
and strand d little blockade runoer. Tha
greater proportion ef the crew of the Lucy
declined to leave her, thereby di-p! in wmnd
discretion rs not a singlo obf struck her.-
Fer an honr and a half thU farcical and harm
less discharge of shot and shell continued,
and was repeatedly replied toby the col tars
of the Lucy with round upon round of laugh
ter. While the balls were whistling aver
head ard tearing up the beach, the sailors on
hoard the Lucy were comfortably enjoying
thei tea, and such of them as were on shore
had much anumnt in running after tha
spent shot un the beach.
Lexinotojt. N. C. May 7h 1864.
A meeting was held here this dy for the
purpoee nTinvirine Gov. Vance to addnss the
cit?2Tns of Davidson rtunty
Ou motion, Dr W D. Lindey was called
to the chair snd C. W. Smythe was sjpotnted
Secntarv
B. A Kittrell Esq . sftted the chjert of the
meeting in a lew pointed at dv eloquent re
marks, reterring in well meritel terms to the
services nt Gov. Vat re s a soldier, statesman
and executive- officer.
On motion f Mr. C. F. Iwe, it was
Rr solved. That a cmn.ittee rf five person
,be Mpp' tnted to correspond with Lis Excellency
Gov VsTee and to request him to addreMf the
peoplref D 'Vidjnn a.id the adj-.irdng counties
at I x;ngtHi on Tnes1sy the 10th inec.. or such
oth' r day as may best suit his ch vrt Jeoee.
Thf t'hsir appointed Moers B A Kittrell,
C. F. LcMe. Jes-e Hargrave, C-4 Audrew
Lin sey. and A F. Smi'h. - -
00 motion .f Mr. K'ttrell, Mr. TV. X7,
Holden was aNo invited to accompauy Got.
Vance, and address the pe pie
On motion, it wa ordered that the prieeed
ings of this meeting be published ia the
Raieieh Confederate, and Conn native, and
the GieeDsboro Patriot.
W. D LlNcDEYf CAm'n.
C. W. SMTTHE. Secretary.
1 be Editor . f 'he Madison (It d) Courier
sneets at Gil Wolfon!. A sneer n this rate
cost the sneerer nothing bi a siiuhi tre h
ing l t:i- n oscles oi a ratr ugly na uth.
A IrsTfller. w1m was dt!ned an heur by
some mischance, shortened bis way bv ma
king a miotzte of it." Tfctrs'a phyleppMj
or von .