N
r
HE CONFEDERATE.
4. M. & 0., Proprietors.
TERMS :
DAiLY EDITION, fr 6 months..
3 '
... $25
15
. 1 "
TRl-WEEKLY, for 6 months.
151
1 t
9
TThEKLY EDITION, for months,
10
Xosaoscriptions will be received o" any other
term? than the above, oor for a longer or shorter
ptriod. ...
However ttr.ng a mnn may be, however
will knit his frame, h w mvscular soever he
inay be, or of however iron nerve, he can
Lit ffclit to advantage if his hands and feet
z re tied. Xor.can a nation m-intaiu war
Hiccestfully, if her resources are not allowed
development. Whatever binders the full em-
..0)n.. nt of her powers, retards and may .er, wijj abIe t(J reCtgBj a grateful
prevent her success. Had eur first act of con- j coantry.
criotion never been passed, we should have j " , ' 7TT .
' p .1 r vi a If France and Lnaland will enter into a
been tt the mercy of tie .ue long ago. Had Confe(graU j,fl rtCfjgmz;lig
property tever been impressed f jr public sr- mir nationality and guranteeing our indeyen
vice, tlie war would long since have ended in dence vpon ihe abolition of slavery in all these
cut overthrow. Had supplies never been
dran for the army bv the tithing system, tt!e
nd!itry clenjeut would Lave disbanded. Yet
hit the raeasurea were opposed, violently op-pos-d,
and are still ndemrjtl, pertinaciously
ot.d bkterly. They were ail rightful mea
ures ; all within the provinee of the ?Ofrn
roent. and have all been pronounced by the
judiciary of tha land to have been coasti u
tional measnres. They have not been resis
ted by any portion of the people, but they.
have beep evaded evaded to so great a de
gree that in many particulars they re become
inefficient. For example State Legislatures
have created offices of State who were never
known btfore tfiices, which, if at all i.e
cesary, could be as . well or better filled by
thse who are not wirhiu the conscript ;!g", or
by disabled men who are no longer servicea
ble in the field and these ollices. they have
either filled themselves or contrived to have
filled by ab!e-bodii conscripts. Governors
of Sta'e, pandering to their perianal or pr-
tizin j.artialitiej, or aiming at their own sel-
fii-h 32firran!izement, have bestowed alt man- j is o related to Uie adminiatration that its
ner cf places upon favorites, to kep them columns are used non? immediately for pre
out of the service. And following the ex- ' renting the policy of the admitdstrati -n than
example of these, jndes, civil ofll-ers, bu- others, yet it by no means follows that jII
rencs, municipalities, have eth and all had ! thst emanates from that paper, eH:ori;iliy, is
thir favorites, and to the full measure of I intended to, or does exhibit the policy or in
their abilities found safe resting places for j tentioiis of the . adminstration.
th'un against the dargers of the mili'.-njr J It was very evident that the particular edi-s-rvice
And lastly the people parents and j inrial referred to, ws not intended so to do.
kinspeople of the soldiers, instead of select- j B th ils article and that of the Enquirer,
ins for all thos- places of trust within their ! rued to us noli i g more thin a strong
bestowal as far pu?sib3e those not liable to j method of expressing aversion to' aoy return
th army have bt-en coaxed and diddled by ! to the Varkee association. We did ntdeem
the veriest demagogues, into keeping them I t he subject a tit matter of discussion, seriously
mt ad semit'g bent upon the fata! policy f I and we left it alone. When England and.
serving their friends, instead of serving the j France and Spain are in the proper mood,
cau?f. j they will approach us and when they make
What has been done with reference lo con- j propositions, it will be time enough for us to
scription, has been d-np too with refTnce.t. j consider them. Wu have yet to learn that
itT!prement and titans. Wher. crops have j thcJ are prepared to mete outt . us eveu a
Ken most abundant, as a general thing where j neutrality.
larger areas liave been eultivat d than verj We hae entire confidence that tha Presi
b-f"re, and Providence has rewarded the labor ! . W'J .instructed the uoverument
of tbehusba-dan, men withhold "heir sun- U-prcsentativts abroad ia all matters appcr-pli-refusetoc.bey
the obligations of p:uri- l!'"g interests f the Confederacy,
otism, cva-Ie the pr-rfonnance of duty, and j Whenever the occasion ffrrs, upon which
hide, aye, I! ilk and conceal their surplus pro- j relations w ill b- established with foreign gov
visi.'ns and their legitimate tithes, while the j crnments s as U bring out, offi r.ally. these
sohlir who is defending their ail i left with
out rations t sat if y tlie cravings of huryer.
The man who thus hides away his previsions,
is worse than a aesertei ; for the deserter only
carries himself out of the army bvprey upon
those who can support him; but ti.e hoarder
and hidcr keeps back food from the defenders
of the country, and starves those who nre our
only dependence.
Then comes the speculator r.r.d extortioner
who trade upon the recessnri- of the na
tion, v ho flee the ir homes in time of peril and
distress and seek lodgment out of danger and
whereabout to cury on their industrial
traffic. And a helpers and comforters of
this the wof-t and mest pestiferous class in the
land, are those Raiboad companies, who are
bribed and bought to give facility to this
pptcnlation and extortion it being no com
mon thing that ordinary transportation for in
dWidti ds and Government cannot be obtained,
while the speculator commands for his disposal,
tnin behind train. And thus this monstrous
folly and wickedness, which hinder and ham
per the cause, begins high up, and descends
low down to the lowest.
Are the people blind that they do not see
nil these things work agjinst the cause for
which we are struggling ? Ye fathers, broth
ers, children, wives who have those who arc-
nearest and dearest in the army, do ymi - not
fc that all these evils are against the soldier?
Th-r keen froet hu si lo tin c mrvles who j
u.,m nfi,r.rt Mm fln,l Wv.. him to fibi '
the battles against heavy olds D you nt
see that everv supply withheld is a diminution (
of bis comfort, and a refusal of his rights? !
Do you not see that every facility given to the
seekers of inordinate gain, is a reward to ini
quity, at the expense of the soldier? Then
why, yc people, do jou not rise up in the
i-Ktofvnnr wpr and aid" the government
to crush out these evils?" Why do you net j
renort cverv unfaithful subordinate name i
t - - j
his offence, and bring him to punishment?
"Why do you not exercise the right of selecting
all your agents, so as not to prevcut the rein-
forcing eif the a.rmy where your sons need help?
Why do you not put ydr reprobation on
Legislatures, who instead of sending ncn to
the field where they are needed, are engaged j
. , , , ' &p
lllilll UK'IO wuuiu iwiu I
If Congress has assumed to exercise 'the
full power vested HI it by the Constitution,
" it shall raise armies to sufficient treugth
organize a Confederate militia guspend the
VOL. 1.
habeas corpus by which no jrood citizan has t
beeu or will be wronged, and punish conspi
racy. If the government will bold its subor
dinates to the strictest responsibility, and pon
ish edScial delinquency with severity if this
be done, the peiyly have cause to bless
the day, and the soldier, the neglected sol-
Sta'es, rather thaa continue the war we should
I fJ litriliMBWJl. M mm 111 ffff trim TUffl.Tfirr U Tmlhtt MiTir
' ,v ... .u -t. r
1 j. v: iicuci c !un a i,' i imiiim t lull n uu iu
be favorably received and acted upo?i by those
nations, ana it ought to be nude to them.
A few days ago, the foragting w.s tele
graphed throughout the Confederacy as an
opinion of great importance. Sjoiethiog of
an official sanction was attached to it, and a
discussion burst forth upon the movement, as
thougn the President were about to make the
offer to France and England therein contained,
and give away the Confederacy, as colonies, to
the ai.cient proprietors. We did uot catcb the
sensation. We saw nothing more in the article
of the Richmond Enquirer, ;than the expression
of the viewn of one j lurnal a journal, we ad
mit, of great worth and respectability ; and
the views were sucn as we have seen ia print
mre than orrce since the war begat:, and heard
privately declared a thousand times. When
the sam? proposition, couched it.deed iff more
cartful terms, was presented afterwards in the
Sentinel, ice were uo more startled than before.
We are wt-li aware that although the Sentinel
instructions, the foretgo g vernroents win re
struck with the s.ime respectful admiradon of
the c.ndhl and dignilb-d and consistent diplo
macy of PnsiuVnt Davis, as they have been
with his home policy.
And we have further confidence, that in all
matters wherein the Constitution hath not
yielded the exclusive authority to the Confede
rate Executive, and imposed an exclusive du
ty upon him, the President, will refer the
matter, whether to Congress, or a branch
thereof, or to the States, in suedi manner as
will be best, in order to a safe and beneficial
solution. It is laughable to see what a won
derful sensation was gotten up in Yaukee
dom on the same editorial. "See how they
run
1 "
'Richmond'' "A Significant Editorial"
"Jeff n:tvis' Or:m on the Crisis" 'Tie
Rebel Watchword" -'Grand Exhaustion of
Resources" "Houses, Land, Negroes. Money,'
a? d men to go" "Statesmanship Raffled"
"An Alliance with Europe Preferred to Yan
kee Rule" "More Energetic Measures De
manded" "Rebel Trust in Providence''
4i Their Ciuse Misunderstood'' "Dismal
Forebodings of the Future."
If the editor were fool enough to believe
half the above, we would be disposed to pty
hira, although lie is a Yankee. But he is
only duping the people the object being to
use the arti-le of the Enquirer for obtaining
more vecruos It was entirely in keepi
wuti i:.e lai.K.e c'acw, umi n
i : u . r 1. .1. . . . I. . i : 1 . -l
have beeu signed to the Sentinel, for its r. 1-
sh would have been lost to the nation, had it 1
not been snuced with a lfe.
vvard. when he ordered "copies to be
featto hts foreign ministers," will havo those
eojcs as irem xue oenimei, auu mua uy "
easy forgery, uot the first of his by oddu, he
will show that "thn rebel government is adr
milted by teir own leaders to be a failurfc ;
aU(1 that lre4dy exhausird and worn out,
are seekin-i for seme port of re!uge ; Mid
1 wins ine ca, mac tuey De ro tonger
considered belligerents." This would be no
bigger fraud than Lis forgery of Mr. Mallory's
report.
In ene sense, (nod we donbt not that was
its iutentiob) the Enquirer hs done good
service. It has put the Yankee nation upon
thf fPtiwB hAt txh.uMe.1 a! worn
out. It Would not hurt us to leave them under
this impression, provided we take care to be
able to undeceive them.
The Bank - of Faetieille has declared a
semi-annual dividend f 6ft en per cent. The
Bapk of Claiendpn a dividend of five percent.
I
iy iyj ov
raleigh, Wednesday, January is, i860.
Yankee XoUee of North Carolina.
We b ive; been cxpectirgtosee the rejiricing
of the enemy over the course of certain mem
bers of mir Legislature; but it is seldom that
we see a paper from the Uoired States, and
the Virginia papers.vWhich do see them, sel
dom copy their articles; so we have as yet mot
with only rtne yankeo mjKir.&e to the resolu-
' tions of Mr. Sharpc, a member ffcm Iredell.
Doubtless other papers throughout the whtde
of Yanke e land were as much pleased and en
couraged by bb resolutions as the New Vork
Uercld, frum which we copy below' a portion'
of a long article. It may not so. Hppear to
Mr. Sharpe, r.r ethp.r-?ncrnbers who have offer
ed resolutians and delivered speeches breath
ing hostility to our cause alone, and not to
Lincoln or ths United States, but we think the
people who' may take the trouble to reflect
upon the subject cannot but see that ali their
resoluuon- and speeches have a direct tenden
cy to encourage the enemy. It cannot be
doubted that tile war has been prolonged, the
Confederate arm weakened, and the yankce
arm strengthened, and the cause of Xndepe n
elence obstructed and the possibility of 8ub
j'lgatto i impressed npon the yankee mind, by
the movements of a f w men who, under a
profession of a desire for peace which tliey
cannot feel more than every ono else, are
po:s .ning the pub1ic mind at heme and help
ing Lincoln abroad. Fay. Obs.
The following are extracts frro the Herald's
article :
"North Carolina is upon the verge. of a
revolt against the so called ' Cenfetlerate States
Government." On the ICth inst there was
va significant vote i her -Legislature on the
revolutionary issue of" State rights. Mr.
Sharpe, in the House of Commons, introdsiccd
certain resolutions declaring ' that State sov
ereignty is the piircipal on which North
Carolina and other S'atts withdrew lrom the
Uniied States government, and theref(re the
States comprising the Southern Confederacy
are sovereign, and the Con federate govern ment
is only the agent of the States, and subject to
their control;" and declaring "further that the
States in their govereigu capacity, have the
ri -hi to take up the question of pence or war,
and -ettle it without ceujsuitatioa with t'e
President o' the Southern or the so-called
United States."
I'Theao re'soltitions, which, if xdopted as the
voice of the North Carolina Legislature, would
have been e quivalent at this juocture to the
seci ssion ot North Carolia?ffr.e)na Jeff Davis,
and the immediate elijse of 6ie whole con
cern, were laid "on theable by? close votes of
fifty-two to fKtv. Vti'hii) thef next ten days.
from tlie convincing arTftoc7ritif Grant, Sliery
man, l nomas, batter and Pie-, those reso
lutions may be taken up ajf.in and passelAy
both bouses of saidLegfTature, wi;h aruahd
rncnts eleclan'n taHie ti'tie Ivas arrivecTfor
the exercise by Northtrdim of her "sove
reign" powers of peace or war, and that a
body ot commissioners be accordingly apnein
tcd to cooler with the other "sovereign" States
w. m hi:iiicioi,j 1 it lllJUll Ul MHUV ill- I
ran'TCfrietif s tfir ttea.rr rfcnTi'lrea r.f &Ji "k i-
call eel Un f gerate government at Richmotd
.. - i , - -,-, - - " ' -- ' '
" " i .ue.seen that tno main point, "f -, i
It.lUUllOU,- WlilCll
, vetf s f
.'Uee.-s ten days ago, was the repudiation ef
Jell D.ivis iu taking up this questieni of pece
or war. .
"Jt ft is i irimmiiier.t elanger of -be ins; ovei
thr wn, uperse.dtd and set aside as the great .
stumbdng bo ck to ihv rc-bel'ious States in th"
n;atter of an eaily reslora!i-n of peace
Kin-; J ft is in a deplorable condition,
and surro unded with hostile combinations in
his own household not less aJaMiring than the
destructive cooibii.atf trs " et Gen Grant.
Within a !ew wee.ks, or a few days, this rv.vo
i-.li'Ui may oecorne u cbaptvi of history, an el
then we may anticipate an eay settlernei-fe in
llebtidoru of the qiiestion of co stituiional
j'irisdiction over the important su-Ject of a
treaty of peace.
For the Confederate.
Major Frank A. Bond, A. A. G.
. Tlief fiiciency of the different classes N. C.
11. G is nnre attributah'o to this distinguished
s ,n flicer, 'han to anv other one man ; and
jitt in that i-as been written abeuttrem,
fn in t-.11 tuKi f.isucei; wru-rn hwumixhi,
I is name has never app'eared. A native of "
Miirylaud, be left a - haueisome fortune and a
ti!.g family the day Virginia sccetledand
ei iisteel iu our service as a corporal, at Man
i;assas Act. A. D. C to Gen. J. E. B Stuart,
at Williamsburg, A A. G. of infantry, E well's
Divison, through jackson's famous Vallsy
campii-n, and the seyevi dys fighting before
Richmond, iu oommanel of bis regiment.
'During the camp'dn of Gen. Jones in West
ern Virginia in the sping d 18G2, lis distiu
sfi.iched himself iu all for cool judgment and
eit petsonal courage. Badly wounded at
lettyst'urg and left in the,hands cf the er.cmy.
A iter languishing a year in Yankee hospitals
h? returned to --the Con feelc racy, crippled for
life. Pending the approval of ids retirement,
he volunteered as A. A. &. I. G. to Genrrnl
Leveiithorpn and went with him to Kington.
Get;. Baker's absent e placed Gen. Leven
thorpe in command of the District, and the
v hole trouble anel responsibility of consolida
- ting iuto companies, organizing into regiments,
r.r ;d the issuing of orders to pron.ote the dis
cipline anei efficiency of tb Home Guards,
devolved upon MajrJBond.
During the recent advance of the enemy
upon Kbiston, thef fact ot the Ohmel com-niat-ding
having ho able and experienced n
fiieer to assist him. did muca to inspire the
troops witn ctniidence.
Major Bot-d has chosen North Carolina as
bis future, hume. May he be proud ot hiua,
aod may be never repent his choice
W.C. K.
The New York News says: Preston Wil
iUcas, a Baptist minister in Kentucky, was
i.ttely conscripted for the Federal army. His
congregation was geins to buy him a substi
tute, but by 10UI then he w. ul 1 lead to the
Confederate army as many as would follow
him rather than allow a substitute to go into
the army for -biro. He went wiiti twp hun
dred and thirty "4Ure followers.
fSo say? the correspondent, "Hermes " of
the Charleston Merewy. We must have bet
ter authority, before wer accredit this as a
fact '
n
Soprciac Conrt Decisioi. v
Matthew Johnston vs. Pkteu Mallett.
Upn i the facta agreed it appears that the
petitioner had ben enrolled as a private sol
dier under the Act of Congress, ratified the
17th Feb., 1801, prior to th? tiu?e when: he
became a drir of the mil stage from Morris
ville ,to Pijtsb ro'. - The question thn is
whether a mail contractor or driver of a jiwt
coach can claim exemp:ior. from further rni'd-'i
tar. v er vice, und-r the , Act of April 14th. j
1868, by having become Hich after his enrol-
went as a so.dier. The questiou ari-s underl
mok iiiciiii.iLH. act; o.jeiis-i the act ol i
February, 18C4. expuvsly declares That r.oth-!
ing therein coi,t-i'ito! shaU b? rm &trued as a !
repsal of it. Mai: contra ctors uud stae diivers
were not mentioned among the class of
evompts contained in the act if 11th O tober,
1SG2. and the act of April, I8C3, was passed,!
no doubt, to supply the omission The act is I
ia the following words : The C jngrtvs ?f the
oniederate btatea ot Americ-i tlo enact that
the contractors tor carrying tlie mails of the
Confederate States 6hall be exempt from the
performance of military duty in the armies of'
the Confederate States from and alter the pap-
sage ol this act, during the time Ihev'aTe such !
contractors ; provieied," fcc S;c 2" That I
torg ; pro
ed pst c
drivers
3chesand hacks fv-r carrrieg
the mi'? on all routes wliere the weight cfj
the mails requites that they should be earn..! j
in coaches orhacks, snail be exempt from
military service in the armies of the Confede
rate Stat.-H f-o:n and alter th passage of this
sct, so long as they continue to he so emp'ey
ed as drivers; provided," &;. F.r the prti
tioner it is contended that the terms of this
act are bn ad enough to embrace his cace,
whether he was in the army or out of it, at
the time of tiis becoming the driver of a sta- e
eouh, and a decision made by Judge Haly
burro -i, of tne-District .Court of the Confede
rate States, in Virginia, is relifd upon iu stp
port ot it. On the ether hind, it is insisted by
the counsel for tlie Government, tint the act
in question was never intended to allow a
soldier in service to exempt himself therefrom
by taking a mail contract, or by "being -employed
ks a driver, and ho reli? upon the
dee. i-don to that, effect made by Judge Joyues
cf the CiiVuit Court of Petersburg, in-Virginia.
Adjudications made in this S ate were alsi
reterreel to by the counsel ou both tides.
In this cctiflict of judicial authority, I feel
mvsclf at liberty to ad-pl tiie strong convic-
Hons ot my own rmiul as to what is thefjjua.L,
onstrujtion ot.tue uet. AU tho acts ot C;i- !
ress calle'd Vne cehs.crintiun'-acts are, it w.ut b- j
confessed, strong war measure s lhey ea:: e i ly j
Y,r- KiiR'ninnd in Tinint. tJ' zuthiriltf nm.M flio !
unlimited power vested in tn Conbrderate
government, to eitehae war, and to raise antl
support armiet-;. and in point of polioy, they
can only be justified upon the pressing exi
gencies of the cQUntry, ttiuggling for national
frXisteMee. witb s'.n ener.jv ot vastly greater
resources in all the ioear:8 and appliances of jX
c? i
i
wai. I
was with a full, kr.owle
d-e of'tlrfO
. . .
condition of the country that th e; ttscription i
r i -. -1 1 . t; . 1 .iQU 1 .v..
exetnpiion act ?f October, I8G2, as we I as j
the one now t.-.eb r cot isider.it ion of April, j
18G3. were passed.. The manifest object of!
the conscription :;cls wa to call into the mil- J
iiary serviee of the gtivet tunctii as many pr (
sens as p sibk wit horn inteiViiiig wiui the j
necessary iuelcstri i, eetucati-iusil ai d other j
pjyat iulerests of the ceui:ify, and iu favor. j
these intercsrs th txinnptiot s v,-er? r.?.d'.:d. j
Iq nrakng ti'.ore exerptiin3 J cwu.oi. d;--- ,
cover in tb acts any rpirit so.e xieod ihcii i ;
yond the purps- Ujv -!;i:h thry" were a'lo-.v j
ed Persons t ng-ge-d ' in ccrtjd a puit-uits i:r :
tieH UpuiioU3 when the acts vvci e pas.-tii, vere
not to be enrolled for .rrd'itnry vi vkv, bu: I
there is no ind'tcatjou of an ii.Untiori :ro::r !
enough to shew that if ihcy were in the ar- '
my, they were to b- p?.?mittcei to take them; j
selves cut of it." It U true, as Judgo iia'y-1
burton fcaye, thst the we;rds of the act exempt
ipg mail contractors, and po;;t coach eirivers, j
are broad eouh to en-i'or.MC persons in too
military service, but lhaf, 1 do not i i ,k, is.
the question. The trae ii epiiry is, w'hat did
tlie law maters meao? Dnl Congress itrntl
a eiuty which coiilel l-e ptTiormeti ejupc as we r. j
by another ptrsoti, though. tt qirte as rhesp- j
Iyt wliile it was -re-sorting to ti.e ex?re-me.st j
measure to bring mert ino if? It must be I
a duty whic h could be ptT formed (ni'-u as we r. j
admitted that isie te:ms of ibe act may be j
satisfied , by apply to g thetn s 1 :!y to j.msoo?
not enrolio'l tor service wnen incy oecome
rua.il coQttactors- or mail stage drivers, and
that constructon mp.-t be av pted wf'e-never
we are; sat'u-fieJ that ' such was the; inter. -tion
of Congress. In the case cf liridgm-m
vs. Mailett, I have stated the reasons which
have led me to adopt that construction a the
"proper one, upon the act of February 17, 1804 ':
and 1 think they apply wttn very beany aa
much fonto the other ccntc iptions, and their j
attendant exemption acts. j
My opinion is, therefore, that the order
made in vacation to discharge the petitioner,
must be reversed wi h cos's, at.d that he should j
be remaaded t tbes c -Wiy ot the: D-.endant
WILL.-II. BATTLE.
Per Curiam. Order rev. rsed, and ordt-r to j
remand, the pevid uer t.a tba custody of the j
defendant. I
A Little tck Fast. We iearti fiorn the j
Wilmington papers that about the time tbe j
enemy was making their a-uit upon the de-
fences below Wila inuutn, certain persons in j
that tuwn, mercnUtits we bflievo, suuiei:ly
refused to take Confederate tuony atid de-
man-ied sp. cic f-r wliat they h-ot t sell.
The.e jrrous suppostd that Wilmington!
would lall, aud therefore, oo doubt, dttermin-
ed to take s:des with the Yankees as sooti as j
tn-ey got possession of the town. -Bat ihey !
were a liitie too fast iu their calculations. Su
true Southern man won id cry if i'ucii person?
ware transports! to Yankee land, along will.
all others who a; ekmanding specie anu ilus j
aiding to deprecia e tie currency of the j
country. Oar soidiers are p.dd in Contesle- !
rate Treasury totes, their vkives and children
have to depend on it for buvi'jg the neeessa- !
ries of Hie. and it is a shame for thoj at horn-
todifcCrtditit by demanding gob: a::d .-ilvur in j
their transactioi s. Wedenuncf th i-rac ke j
as not mly uupaf.i tic but ruioous to the j.
cause ol the cou a tty.Ch ar. Democrat. j
NO. 10.
-
A Terrible Ctlanitf.
25 Vt.i: . Zi L "
depattnent, occupied as such by Oipt. Spur -.
rifr A in 'r.-m u;ti:... ir-t
- ..... ....
- "
south
railr
scnger shed, and befote r.s.d?nytce could te
admitted to extinguish tne Came, (the guard
refusing admittance to volunteers, am we liava
been credibly informed,) thcbuihti; w.is no
fir tnveiopei in ;th fiery c!?tn-ut tf.ai it
t.32ame ispossit le to eubd-t tbu fionfs.
Tb rTt Knit n.. i :. u . t
i ne next DUINJ tnii iinu anj. ;uirie cue il th.
largest iu the fcK.nU.eru C.-riUder.lcy, ; rcmtVil
iigesi iu uii3R.'nt.eru OoriUeier.icy, ccupd
as a covenmient arrl ouse. an bA.viritiir:i rs
for Mnj.r Eihvls, Q lartermaster, wnd 5Jjor
Lwe, Post c.m mis-ary, was srn envefopsd
i fltii.es and destroyed. ,
the north, destroying the eiel buihlin fvrnjei I v
used a de!oi and t.i k- tofbee et the Cfat U-tN
.and Suith Carttlin.i raiiroaJ, ail tt v.lich
were totally-eie stroked.
Tbe tiro then ranged ca-twaid, c.tisiunii g
the western wing of ihe Noith Ceroiina rail
road dep.. t,ownei by th Charlutie ai d bJiitii
C -n liua railroael cempany.
By extraordinary exttdons and a ptefi-.r of
compensation, til- progress of the fire v.-as
stayed and tt e pac.'i.s tie-put ot the Ch ar
lotte aud tbcS-mt; Guoiinarilrcad d.tepany
was saved.
The North tlu.ilina railroad depot wasrds
ave.i through the exertions oi of the
R"ldirsahd private citizi-ns. mnoas tha latter
ot whom, who contributed largely by lab'-r
and exposure to save the Charlotte road eleni r.
wc mention', Mr. John. Utglcr, Mj -r A. W.
Burton. Mr. Hnwi nd ..ut- wh a.-,....-
a;c omitted simply btcatue wetverc forced to
t leave withe-ut Rtctnoiiziug thci; hauiei,
'I'he less by this lot-fiiatiyiT e..;:i.ot bo
cortecily esiima'ed. The iivcruuic.if, nii
roaJ companitk af.d asoch.lioi.s, to ..iv noli1-
ing of the lorfj by private
Mi
livid. .als
wi:l
ruoi.iin, cannot tali uiuch ir auy sb.rt ( t
$20,000 000; and this great cahtiiuv i thy
rr-sult of accident, and while the v'uard vx o.j
euty.
Wc regard it u;it:cc:v-Sjry to specify ih
bb.ses susiaii-iJ; in fac, it ia fect e citst tn-tf
s-rt of a n.itice, but we wi.l tbts tuno'i,
o .rrd!rui comat.ies tiave Iom iuavi!;-: aut
the 'j'redegar Iron Works co.tiyany, ..f llicl.
juo:.d,h:.ve also sureet Uc;'ny.
MWd reorto..i by sOciii .t ln n. iiib.MS f
cotopany 11, tV .u Union District. :uvh
Cat.iina, twi ot Useir uier, ti. MeKmiicy iii.d
F- GiOgoty, Were tu ssing, und it wms ;eared
t!y were: itumd to o:.e co iLo bui':-.it,gs, but
tU':a is by no meanj ceitabi.
Luckily, but two cars were dvs'ivtd on ll o
N. C rwad, und iwiiiji to the great ihk, kiil
aft I ui.flagg-.ng energy of engineers. Pi inland
Luro'dl, on the Cntirieotou and South Carolina
m i . -
r"i,!, lVf J 'ov "aius oi cars Were actuuliy
C 'tjpleei while their t-ngitu were eunoiu.k-d
by fir- n ali siibs, ro d taken l!ir. ngii io a
uus.ee p galeiv whils the Haines were seoioh-
We have omitted to mcn;Lu ik. i-iin. of
m o y who ih-sei vv great credit for tl.vif e '-v s
to -ave pioperty, u:;vJ lli-j rlangera to v. hie 'i
t ty exp seel tnar pot sons, but. it is itip".'i,s!-
b e to al ways lo justice in such ca.-.-s io l!. ;
Imjuv who f'cer-e nonor.ible ntiou.- C'.'fir.
Bj. Cell a, Jan. Slh.
- .1, . .
f l'toui lbj Charlotte iiuikli
Arming tlie crro Slavrs.
"W! ' th. qwt s ioit ed - irntr,; th" n.'-r es
Wuii iti .itllt-il v.c txpi ti.se d opp- ii'i :i t- i!,
I iit ! tl.o .-c.ii e tun: vcm i'.KV.i t':.tt v.-;
t'"!o-:ht tic disc."uti..n y.t sh-At t: . as ..r. -.!na
tire--f but ;t Wai f.rt-rore ?o -r: ;!""
lheV.1 soldieis. o'dr 5j -.X- "CV iti-i".
thnt exici.cy had nut then arir.-v. so d
wben ic old ari.sj v.o tbvt.,-.i.t a i': wc.i.
xci'iht I.e. s-i-.l tno at C con. Tite tl ... i i
ti.e. question has, however, e
,.Tir.i:-if
. bu; i
We
Lave taken t o p.:rt in H ouive..
k 0
ii.itud several c-jmrnurihratioti-tpoTi 'ie tub
V'ct all in ilie tfjrativc. .Bv thway
of
fii-.tf.ving, vl at is thought o: t: aru.ui, We
subj in the lid'wing extract. I: li Ii- ni p.
gentleman boA ;n Kuroi-e, 10 i:s orwv.:.tr in
Ubiiloite. - ,
fExtractrom IMs-ate Letter.
''IiseCms pleniaturc t 'Sj tnk ol ;.e efsVct
that aiming tnc negroes v ili bavtro-i .l o v.r.; ,
r.ui e.f et t": thing ytui tfi..y rest iii;ied, if ttio
ncgrex's Bueiuld lit; aimed ai:d d ti e :i duy,
v- u mav cuiilrJehtlv count ou the .h tak
ing active p'Jtsessiun ol English sympathy
in this quarrel. It is true niateria'.v.siaucc
One thing con-ecteef widi the attack upon
the eiefeces of this pl.ce, or rather with ttuir
defences." i-v of s gratifying a ehiracter that
wo cannot forbear ebbing uttei.tiou. to it be
cause of its pleasing coutrast wilh s. rue things
t.'.-ee hero ociurriug since toe w.r by which'
the pec pbs have? piiincJ and thecu'je ie;arel.
The features to which we rofcr is the liberal
aid c.iitohl eiserinti n ct be-nor by G-ticral
Bngg to General Widttr.g, ("o!. Limb, Lb ut.
Ct-aptnan otthc Natal,' i-tid Bndlcr Cucral
KiikUir d, antl aosin by Genera! Wbiiiug lo
C I. Lamb at d many others, an by all to tic
tiabant men i.iii ie and outs-ide cf the Fe lt
whi ee strorg arm, ami stunt bearls ustaincd
the 'Whole. rbrc has been lo jeslo'.iav ui
uieah rfisb lo engrits creitit fjr appropriate
thai due to others, , bu: e u the ce-ntiay, a
Ueaeto'is cmula'i-':. a noble frliug-'ie 111
Ca ; c
dong justice.
Tte cliicisil rep-'rts w ill ere feel cot tain,
fully. t-ear us out, and they will kkow fu.the.r
that tbegeutle uieu of the army t.tku pietsur-
in acknottiedg tae an rvJc lutir
co:njcir ot the Navy. Uilmingion Juurnai.
mm " - '
liipouTANT A BHnr. The n torions Y.f m .
Turner Pry, who bus lecu chargci wit:i
slcaiii.g so many horses iu various pat ti cf
tbq Mate, wa"s brrysttd in this tuvu cu Fri
day last, and ii uetyr tafely mjiil, awaiting
the apphcatioDH of the vano'iftjuiiers iu other
cour.ic vkho Lave aeivertised a desire to ex
tend thtir bospttalittcs 10 him. F-jyctlcvillc
Obstrctr.' . ' -
of if -.h!S .SK ' V ,e U t 1 fc" IP I trolled in the body
and be t V ., t ? V?3" WtorWw where the term ofsnrvii
may be as iar off as eir, but the appiuv-l of . cru'f.Iy, ucm vroitx itoai nc l ai
the world is' t o smSi mritlcrnei g vert.- , lo.ccd fo n.re a trcai. M. hy, taid tlw crude
. 1 , 1 o 1 . o r . ' tbtught Ihe stnrs fell every rcur..u:g. 1 .Ct
actcfi ou by, ana must act acc-TOtug t , puj , c . . . . , 0
. . . J 0 r i know ivr.ete ele tbey cTit to.
be oniDKi.,. 1. 1 .
rnr 1 4i . AXTni.uMin trnn
ADVERTISING. -
ADVERTISEMENTS wlttbe inserted tt tbiii
dollals per qnarof ten iinet (or !ew) for each
insertion. Marriage tioticea and obituaries ill te
cbarJae adrertiienints. s
JOB WOKK.
! JOH WORE of erert dcaciiptlon will be ox
j ecut.-rf at thii 0:!i-e with ditpatt-it, and as neatly
! as can be done anywhera in the Senthern Cor
f edrraor; .
I
Dfcisier.s"cf the Scprmif Court.
b: the MATrir. or Ed.vaud !!awcu..
? ;? V r"-i.i. c.ic-.
. . ,
i ered in ibe c..e of (ifitis'n. decided at Lids
exempted
! to tlni nassageof the la-v of the 17th ol Feb
j rut'.ry, usa miller. After the paysage of thai
I aet, ".a : in tfce mdnt of Marcn, he t.is enrol'
j and another fs-yiptiri pspcrrjiven, which
a.lr ih act of IVbruiry re;-.- t'ir.g exemptions
! 1 ' tUx couiu onsv t'Drate as a lurtonu
. i :i - ! , . ,
1 fK
j ,
I r.ier
j ' Vp.
1 lfc ot e, c.r.!crd iti e-imp ; l.e'r.ppiisd
t fr a detail ; this w.w refund ; he wis a'aiu
e eoroiir.esit and d?tin chicu tk tiUce
Per Curiam. Tno petitioner n:ut bo r-
tua to cust-dy and the costs taxeel up
n-nst him.
'(bi-::ed) M. E. MANLY, J.
!
i
Xotk It will be reambcred that ia Goodsnn'a
' case.ne was nut arolItd until alter he was forty
:re ers old is wa duciucd that be belonged tj
' the Senior Keervea.
s V.'ltYTE P.f MAI.LKTT
Afsutuing that the pi.iiutirl wa in tb? first
; i. afat.ee eiititlvil foixciptiou i.s tha v.:.;r vr
; t-jauager of fifteen hat;ls, weatecf opinion t!it
j he is too late in now u akirg aa uppliujliou
, o i th..t gloUi.d.
; t J.ie of the c i.ditio..s of the cie;n pilo t i,
ti.s.t tLc j arty shall sd the rutplus ed pro-
j Visions a-.d ratn now m hand and w..t -i ha
; v raise ft.myer to ycsr. to tbe v. rn-
j ii-nt,' &c. Wo thi..k Ihe applicable u tujt
, bciuidtt in reasons W'j iimo, so tuat th'-.ov-j
tra::ent my l.uv- tf Wncnt cf 'this c" It
j tun in lepect to th" p'oviioos and raia vn
; b a il. Tuis uppticaticn was uot uiade utd
; Novtiid er, l(j4, i.i'.cnonths alter the ps
'e.eetf the act, wnieb is tot in lvaoiub.t'
I i n.-:; f-r during that period the furpJus of
; p'oybbnis u,.d grain o;i hand , hi Feb., 1 SO 4 ,
I :iy hic keen sold, exchanged er otherw s
, lisp ifed of, und the govern Lent ! -' ti c
; benefit of a con iitio.i which .hai been mado
i.ti j v sri ) e by th.e a--t f th plu'uttilf.
Wl o'htr an allca'-lon that ti.e pi i; iT m.1
ti h ;uvi at the ti;;.c I.s raaic the applied i m
row relicln, the Bame surplus rd pro vh i. ti
and z:u:n that he had in Ftbruery, i:0i,
' would b.ie ixi lids ub'pciiou, ia a qtn '!' . i
! t.' t pttc:.td. It wotlhi eeri,v ow;"g iu i ho
i:a v.T-i ot the subj-ct that, ti.e gov sti.-tint
! til 1 noi L- subjected to the inttivet i o.co
1 f.olngito such cniUiteral r.at.rs i. t'to
: f Uy or ti;i:fortuurf if the plaint i!:, i t uot
f putting his claint to cxeinp'icii in ir e titbt
: i jstuue', u the gtensnd be tieiw t'.ke 1 !rr
wo-dx, the esfmjiUi!i i nuJj to Jcpcf. i u a
C' tiuition prcccuoet, tiiat the gyvenio i.t
!t:a a 1 hive hi-i Uip.:s prjvi4ons s;nd irrnin it
I ctr'.a!u reles. 1 pcrlonnanco is njtde iin-
p v-dhle by the delay of the pUiatiif. whicii ii
; "-"cTi" Sacrjje, on -.ici. i I :.or
: pvls bvepinie.l, wasScid t without rj'er ..ca
ih-i pojt.t on which this ebebion !.'. p11- It
. is a t.'t w Siigccfcbon -i: eotis'.ru ti"tt." iti3
ct cf Cei.;Ks, but t:s we ti ink , v-e-li :cUled.
1 Ti-rc u errtr. 'J'.;dg-e;:t icvei-'d, aul
1 j Ia'7.1 tb't the p.tni.r I? c-n-nd5.
: (i . .c) K M. Pl'iii.'tOiV, J.
1 Kit.sKi.:; On !CKttj.--Sot.c weeks i
! ' --.'tl itoi v?;i$ i.i'iciu.-vi i.'t t'ngle'S e,dbu
N.r i .l'vrio ili.n a.Ho how in.ty e ill -s d b?
i r; y hit ' beM eouvicb.-d cf drunkei.cM si tco
t V.f pi :;gfj of tt C liW on the ft.'jc t. I'i
I ; v: r l i th:j inqu-ry CenT Coopr, A-l; t '
' r.l, tit a eorntHuni--ition to Cnr-iU, it U '
; :ba' the t.Jal .u:cb-r nClcw. cv-i ' l
. f il.i:.il-.:!cnt;ir!:ca t io oommcuerMcit
; .;r i.j lol; ttii:brr Hied and atepd'.tfdw i bo
tharjs 1 1 . Fnoi pifotmaiion recti v i-1 fi .iii
:un; who bav- l.i in the tervi-e. xt
!!!
i '.'4. rera .cj have t.ot been co.:rt-.'i..i ii ".led .
- An-f.tg tne incidents re'uted ot tl.-e m b..i le
:- r oi JSCS, wc clip the ft m a
. ,
ii i.a;er.
. An t-Jd Quakrr gerflcmtn, ho live 1 in Yir-i'.jm.-i.
wss aracnr the ut.firtuna'c on tli
failed witues the
nbeuorieuon.
; l.etad tf it n?nor.t his neigbbor ntxt vrnh g,
be Si;cV.e of it to his famllj, none rf rber, h.d
e.u it exccr.t a kiilf wilted boy who was kept
' fib-iut the buuse lo el.t the chores.' 5:tl -t'e
i b jv's nametold Mr. P. Le bad t-en!thc "trx
; fail " "Why didn't you tlil n.e of it ?" tai l Mr.
Pit ATESt. We L IT3
' he ;rd son.: iravis v. hich wete inlen!cd tc
! pfiee t the hearer, ratltcr ibn to reach hMivti.
The follv.i::g charae'.t tittle ane d : Vi of Join
J ILu.-bdph is a Reen ! -f.-ike -f t4.c pt,ctice ;
J Iu oic of bi.M.il'i rcjutancoatid ii:.
ncss he was viiitnt by a mintfier, who, at hi
j r;queit. prsysid for and with bur. Tnc m';u-
ister lvg:.u in this wi.-t-:
"L.rd, our frieiid n atck. luow knowt-st
how gencn es he wjs t'j tlu ioor, at.d what,
eminent t-ervic-s be has rendered to bis cuji
try, a.ei bow be i among ti c bur.ored and
1 great moo cf e trth -
j "Sbjp, stop," said the impatient Randolph,
I "no wore ot men stud", cUc the Lord will
u.iuif: i-s 111.
An Unlucky Numulu, A letter fi-tn
li-T.te. saystbut riccnily thitf cti pickpocket
were tke-n t?p by thevpal police aid bi ought
to the htk up. TheMi'JlebgencCL5ce,, who
J fh cn lJ(.. QULa thiuccn Wui
n u..lucky number
Bzxifit or Adveksitt. A ismodlb tea never
made a skib.'ul nriner. Neither do unitterupt
ed ro-pttity utd succesquiiifj u f r usefu
tiejs or uapp:&eM. The t-iorrr s t f the ocean,
roue the fac-ilt't and excite the inveniior,
prudctce, skill uad fortitude. of the voyager.
It is tated ti.at tbe tnovt of the Cotton crnp
tcred by tbe enemy at Lavarnah bvloos
tt e British Uoerimeut and British sal jexts.
;-:rtte w:ir n nrs:ribd by tlu acts of 1S02.
! VyOUf i.IMl-M.S i.N