THE CONKBSRATE.
J. Apvi2iL?r3iiT(3-;
DYrnTCSttUfrj wtf fc Werted at rsits
DOLLAM pc r)Mrt f u Ubw (or Im) for eack
immrUom. r-ilimlvm ssri oMtoarles will b e
cbargvda adrrtMBMStS. . ".
TERMS :
DAILY
THE CONFEDERATE
A. M. GORM IX & CO., Proprietors.
r: i i w- .... u
ikllii :lrJ If ii
mm
If
EDITION, for 6 mouths
3 "
i
......
TIII-WSEKLY, for n monies
4 14
WEEKLY EDITIOX.for 6 months. 5
. it. iu
suo.rrirtion. will oe rewu I
n.an the above, nor for a longer or shorter
Sl'"J
" There Is a tear for all iTao die
The HilNboro' Recorder, edited fcy a vener
aW .n 1 worthy man. Mr. H-eartt, deprrctes
the publication of rcsuUpns cerasuriMg Mr.
UoVUmi for want of loyalty; and expresses
the npini .n tht s-ich censun -create the im-VrAn-A
in thr Yankee reiwA, to Mr. Hoi. We
prejudice. Whoever ktivs the good, easy
nature of Mr. Heart t, who we believe comes
as nir biug . true type of christian charity
a- nuy man Tiring, and remembers that Mr.
HuMeri wa- once Li appri-ntice boy, will
readily understand the geuile iufitlences which
prompt fiis interposition in behalf of his
c ...t...i;r, ,o Unf al.m ! the intrtrno-
...is,, f.-rhU iu allowance. The
Yankee estimate of Mr. Holden U baed
oa hh own observation and study of Mr.
IIoMc's writings.
Iviw.ird Everett, the bilken persuader to
mom b'od, spoke of Mr. Uolden as the ' in
dependent press unllmbering its artillery at
a
li.ileijh," becau33 he had read the unpatriotic
and seditious invectives of the Standard
aqainst mr Government, and its traitorous
threat ..l" subverting it, by "withdrawing
the corner-stone and tumbling down the
arch."
The N pa' York Tribune and Times, and
the H st n Traveller, encouraged an advance
into North Carolina, bcoauovj they derived
tii" conviction from the Standard, that dissat
isfa:ti ri and dial-intent wnr-i ripe, and thit
tatk acti )N would do tho w -rk they de
sired. The military misarn ii i rmetings at
Washintrton, spoke of thoir " conservative
friotids in the ceutril part of the State," a
"allies." because they saw tho 6oidences of
it in the Standard, which went more regular
ly to two men there, than it iuw ges to its
rightful exchanges.
Joy, the Yankel, at Newborn, iu his
" Ttrn.i, "dmo.;i;s (i v. Vi'icrw a rebel
and villainous character, because he had rea l
Itis Wilkesboro' speech ; and he praises and
commends Mr. Uolden as the " friend of the
pvdple, suppressed by Jef)'. Divis' hayonts,"
because !i read the S'an lird, nd copied col
umns of its eJito-i ds, and githerel therefrom
"hope1' for his pluadjriug, thieving asso
ci iti s who ceopy oar honies
When Iiixter. tho traitor, at Knoxville,
who is lately published as having emancipated
thirty slaves falsely so published, for John
Baxter is not the man ever to lose a dollar for
any moral or conscicnti ms instinct, and the
way he got rid of his " niggers " was, he
changed hlnck boys for yellow boys, black
backs for green backs ; putting them out of his
fields into his pockets. When this bold trai
tor of the Andrew Johnson, Brownlow school,
wished to send ids snivelling petition to Abra
ham Lincoln to some sympathizing friend in
North Carolina, he published it in a Knox
ville sheet, and requested it to be sent to
" IT. JT. Ifalhn" and wrote on the margin
" from John Bixter."
When King, the deserter, perished, he did
not say he lost his life by what others taught
him of Mr. ilolden, but by "reading the Stand
ard." When the murderous bully, Owens,
wound"! and huuted, was caught the other
day, his sole remnant of reading matter was
tho Raleigh Stand ird perhaps the " whole
sheet ' of the false date, 6th ot April with
his 4 h of July oration, 1856. with its seces
sion rjari left out ; and the attack by " Con
servative' on Gov. Vance, and the message
of J. B., Governor, about which M.t Ilolden
lias tussled aud been tussled all over the plat
form, and all around tho platfjrm, until he
is now quite under th? platform, and well
nigh squeezed to utter and entire depression
by it, as though a whole mob were after him,
aud no reviving blockade imported brandy
stimulant iu the distance of the world's cir
cumference within his reach.
It won't do, father lleartt; all the friendly
grasp of hand will not shield Mr. Holden
from the effect of his own teaching. Ho has
inspired distrust here, and confidence with
our enemies, and he now keeps it up by
holding aloof from the publication of our
spring victorious campaign, which would
cheer and encourage the people ; servi ng up
to them iusteai thereof, his petty political
self, and attacks oa the Governor of the State,
whom he is now seeking to lessen in the
popular confidence; and favor. Sometime
siuce, Mr. Holden had it in his power very
easily, and much to his credit, to have
silenced the Yankee faith in him, and to have
removed the popular distrust here. He could
have done this by a calm, decided and sin
cere support of our cause, which no one could
have misunderstood or misrepresented. We
advised him to chis, iu a well-meant, kindly
spirit, lie has left to him yet one other
means of re-establishing himself aright. Let
him go to the army go in among the sol
diers and bayonets "right m and stay in
for one fight only one. It is a small exac
tion from one who promised the " last dollar
and the last man." If he will do this, public
sentiment will moderate and change the
change to him will be distinct on both sides,
ne will hear no more of praise from Joy, he
may be sure. Ashort term among "thegoN
VOL. 1.
Hicrs and the bayonets," will do more to " re
vive" his dropping prospects, than the block
ade brandy ever would do towards bringing
up from pallor and degression " any one
who was feeling very badly. "
Conservative Meeting at Carr. "
That was a grand affair. 44 Committee on
I resolutions Wyatt J. Holleman, Jeff. Good-
in, Leonard Ilwiise, John R. Whitehead and
Wiley May oard," with " W. 11. Richardson,
Ei-q.," sis chief spokesman ; who of course, as
he is an aspirant fur Legislative honors made
that f.ct known, we presume.
The committee resoived. lfc, ib they had
a right to assemble together and consult, &c. ;
)2dlv. that this State has sent
more'n her
sheer to the wars, and now she s called on to
give up her old men aud seventeen year old
boys; aud that " it is plain to every reason
able man, ' Wyatt wrote that, . u that
this is wrong policy; for we see and know
that hundreds, yea, thousands f Wyatt,
again, of women and children are now suf
fering for no other cause than that their hus
bands and sons have been taken off to the
warf how would it have been if they hand't
been taken oil and the Yankees had gotten
possession of Cary ? Wouldn't there have
been somebody else suffering besides women
and children ?
Thirdly, that none but a " Conservative of
the straitest sect" will do for them, meaning
Mr. Ilolden ; and therefore, fourthly, that
they will support no man who is afraid to
trust the people to speak for themselves, or
who is running on b th sidjs, and that they
do not regard tha preseut incumbsnt of the
t ffice of Governor as stiudiug on the same
platform he did at the last election. This is
all -Wyatt's we know tho ear-marks.
But the balance looks mightily like Mr.
Ilolden had a hand in them they are " iden
tical with his views, heretofore expressed in
the Standird" and which we must defr to
a second chapter, on the " Conservative meet
ing at Cary."
But the unkindest cut of all was, that al
though " W. R Richardson, Esq.," " co
owner," &c, expended his eloqneuco upon
the mooting, and whereas it was well known
that he went there a-pirposc to let the peo
ple know he wanted t-j go to the Legislater,
they turned to and nominated .' four some
body elses " Well may " W. R. Richardson,
Esq.," "co-owner," &c, exclaim " Repub
lics are ungrateful," and so are Conservative
meetings at Car'.
The News from Below.
We havtf very little additional information
of the operations iu Eistern North Carolina.
Itis said that Washington was evacuated on
the 1st inst. the enemy removing their eu
tire force and all their artillery, to NeWbern
Gen. Hoke was in the vieinit, preparing to
give them a. second edition of Plymouth ma
noeuvering and crushing out but the Yan
kees would not stand fire, but "put" for New
bern, to joiu their forces there.
Some of our pickets were captured about
the time of the evacuatiou of Washington,
belonging to Col. Wfcitford's regiment.
Wc have no advices as to the movements
upon Newbern, if any are designed. Gen.
Hoke and others in command, who, as well as
embrave soldiers, will let every body, and
especially the Yankees, know in due time.
The War Jfews.
The almost uuparalleled achievements by
Gens. Kirby Smith and Sterling Price, an
nounced in our Telegraphic column of yester
day, sent a thrill of joy through every loyal
heart that read the accounts. At last ac
counts Banks was stealing down the river
I trying to elude Smith, aud Steele was running
for the banks of Red river, not willing to in
vest anything further in that direction at any
price. We shall soon have full accounts of
these brilliant victories, which every body is
anxious to see.
It is affirmed on reliable authority that the
enemy have almost evacuated the upper part
of Eist Tennessee sending off their forces, it
is believed, to strengthen Tuotnasat Chatta
nooga. From the movements of Grant it is more
than probable that before the present week
ends the Rapidan will be the scene of active
hostilities.
The Telegraph announced a few days
since, the afflicting dispensation of Providence
. which removed from this world a beautiful
child of PresiJent Davis. It has created a
void never to be filled, but the d?ep sympa
thy of a whole country with the afflicted
family may in some measure mitigate their
grief. We learn from the Hjchmond papers
that the funeral of little Joseph" Davis on
Sunday last, from St. Paul's Church, was at
tended by one of the largest gatherings of the
citizens of Richmond that any of the events
of the tost three years have called together.
It was a tender and silent expression
of the sympathy and regard of a large com
munity for the President and his fami.y. The
whole country will join in condoling with tha
distressed family.
..I
We are requested to state that Go?. Vane
will address the people at Snow Caxrfy Foun
dry, Alamance county, on Thursday, the 10th
instant.
RALEIGH. : WEMESMY, MAY 11, 1864.
2m
mistakes Itself Tor a LIob.
J
The Progress seems determined to iho; it
2viitical machine, aud to sqHabbU over little
trfy intrigues, while all ', the country re
joicing over the spleudid triumphs to our arms
now occurring all over, the land. What a
pity it is it will not take tire advice of one of
its army correspondents, who speaks to it in
this wise :
Se veral have askpd me to say something po
litical in my letters io you. Once for alt, I beg
to say that lam not politically inclined.' I am
sick of political talk and political troubles, and
would to God that we could have no more of
politics tnsrvarlvev or "Destructive"
anyhow till our independence ift established oa
its true and proper baais. Governor Vance
has made a Governor who, in the stf-cessfn!
discharge of official duties m u great cwsis, is
without a peer, in this or any other age "of
America's history. Therefore, I am a Vance
man, aud henceforth his siieut sympathizer
and supporter. Van.
But among other vagaries that haunt its
imagination, are two concerning our designs
upon it. First, that we are seeking to bring
dawn mob law upon it; and secondly, that
we have endeavored to procure its "arrest."
We would not have either done for the world
The first is entirely in the Progress' line of
doing things. It his invoked mob law upon
"a free press," and had it executed too, by a
mob in Raleigh. We have no desire to imi
tate it in any particular ; much less in this.
Aud as for the "arrest" of its burly editor, it
would be to furnish a "martyr" to Mr. Hol
den's can tie ready-made to his hand, which
of all things it desires the most, and the least
we are disposed t accommodate it in.
But the Progress mistakes its own ani&xis.
It thinks itself a Lion, in the way of some
body ; wtiertus every body else identifies it by
its ear;-- and its Orayihars,
Where is Banks ?
The reports from the Trans-Mississippi and
the confessions of the Northern press thereon,
seem to leave no doubt of a great victory by
Kirby Smith over Banks, the ancient commis
sary of the immortal "Stonewall" in the
Shenandoah valley. The New York Tribune
sums up the late Trans-Mississippi battles as
follows:
From the Tribune, April 25. J
THE BATTLES IN LOUISIANA.
It appears from the fuller accounts now re
ceived of the recent battles iu Louisiana, that
Gen. Banks' forces left N-ichitoches on the
6th instant ; that on the 7th his advance was
skirmishing with the enemy ; that on the 8th
a severe battle was fogght at Sabine Cress
Roads between a small portion of Gen. Banks'
army and the whole of tbe rebel army under
Kirby Smith, resulting in a defeat and heavy
loss to the Union forces ; that during the night
of the 8th Gen. Bauks fell back to Pleasant
Hill, at which place he was again attacked on
the Uth, and the remainder of his army having
come up, the attack of the rebels was repul
sed; but that General Bauks the next morn
ing resumed his retreat, and returned with his
army to Nachitoches, and to Grand Ecore, on
the Red river, and there, at the last advices,
remained, beffcg in communication with the
fleet of Admiral Porter." Gen. Bauks, during
the week following the 7th instant, advanced
43 miles, fought two battles, lost about 3,50l7
men, 20 guns, two of which were afterwards
retaken, aud 00 wagons, and returned to the
point whence he started.
The narrative foots up a week's work of dis
aster to the invader and glory to our arms.
The recital is vivid. 'The cavalry fled, the
infantry were outnumbered, flanged, beaten
and attempted to retreat, twenty guns were
captured and three hundred wagons."
The yankee account continues : .
So that, upon the whole, Gen. Banks, on the
ruoruing of the 10th of April, found his army
iu that condition in wich it seemed to him
advisable to decline further contest with the
rebel force under Gen. Kirby Smith, and to
retreat. He fell back from peasant Hill to
Grand Ecore, a distance of thinr-five miles.
The enemy had been so severely repulsed on
the eveniug of the 9th that they seemed to
have been unable or possibly, for another
reason, unwilling to pursue the retiring
forces of Gen. Banks; and the march to Grand
Ecore was accomplished without molestation.
Itis reported that Gen. Steele, who when
last heard from was at Camden, Arkansas, and
whose force was meant to have effected a junc
tion with the force of Gen. Banks at Shreve
port, Louisiana, was within sixty miles of the
latter place. The misfortune of Gen. 'Banks'
retreat is that it leaves the enemy at liberty to
turn all his forces against the advance of Gen.
Steele The safety of the latter is perhaps
compromised, and if he is attacked and beaten,
his defeat will add one more to the many ex
amples of the impolicy of seeking to unite in
the face of the enemy two columns marching
from different points by converging lines.
Since the above was received, we have later
accounts from the 'Trans-Mississippi that
Banks has had another thrashing, and old
"Daddy Price" has given Steele a tremendous
whaling. Verily, the victories crowd upon one
another, betokening, as we fully believe, under
God, thorough ruin anf overthrow to all the
yankee armies.
New Papee The "Daily Carolina Time8w
is the name of a new paper which has just
made its appearance in Charlotte. It is edited
by Mr. E. H. Brittoo, who, in a card, says the
establishment is owned by an association of
gentlemen. The paper nvkes a most hand
some appearance, and reflects credit onjoth
Editor and printers. Mr. Britton has the
experience to enable him to make an inter
esting paper.
A, telegraph line between 8 ehn a and Rome,
Ga., is being constructed.
- V , For the Confederate
HeadqaustcbsRahsom8 BMAtr,
April 30tK, )&4.
Mesrs. McRae.& Gorman t Please publish
the following list, ,,f casualties in Br 2. Gen.
f M. W' Ransom's brigade, in the engagement
rouiMi ana iu Tiy mouth, N. Coa the 18th
and 20th. -
Twenty-Fourth regiment, comniantled by
GV. Wm.' J. Clarke, casualties heretofuce
published in the Confederal.
Twenty-Fifth N. C. T., commanded hy
Col. H- M. ftutledge:
Co. A Killed, Joseph L Edney and W VV
Owenby. Wounded, privates W A Connor
and B Curtis. "
Co. B Killed, private W R Grant. Woun
ded, Newton FX.
C . D Wounded, oorpl K H Ilensley and
private G L Garuell.
Co E Wounded, privates II G Wbitmnre,
T 0 Galloway, (i W Cox and Thos Hayes.
Co. G Wounded, Joshua Keems.
Co. H Killed, priv J M Carland Woun
ded, privates J L Gentles and Wm Damfrey.
Co. I YVouuded, sergt W Warren, private!
N Luther. . !
Co. K Killed, private G W Blsck. Woun
ded, corpl J M Justice, privates S F Edmonds,
A Wr Ramsay and G P Black.
recapitulation.
Killed, officers 0, enlisted men 5,
Wounded, " 0, " ltt,
Total, 2a
Thirty-Fifth N. C. T., commanded by OA.
J. t. jdtnes : "
.Field and Staff Maj S B Taylor, severely
wounded.
Co. A Killed, priv Robr Brown. Woun
ded, capt H W Humphrty. lieut J Humphrey,
privates W Alphin, R H Farrar, J A Castou,
S Jarman and H Barden.
Co.C Killed, none. Wounded, corpl J A
Currie, privates W W Fry, Neil I Smith and
J W McDuffiie.
Co. D Killed, corpl W H Council. Woun
ded, privates J W Utley, J B Thrailkill and
W D Council, severely; privat-e- Jos Bland.
A Horton, M Womble, Baxter Johnson, Asa,
Utley, slightly.
Co. E Killed, lieut J N Loy, 1st sergr 11
0 O.ikiey, sergt J J Yarborough, privates P L
Diake, T R Gentry and A Evans. Wounded,
privates Saml Oakley, J.s Walker and John
Rodgers, severely ; privates W H Jones, W J
Shot well, corpl J J Lawson, privateer Wm
0Uley, H Warren, W S Lawson, Frank
Oakiey and M T Clayton, slightly.' "
Co F Killed, sergt J M Staucilfand corpl
A L McCall. Wounded, ijeut E -M Adams,
(since ditd) sergts Jno L Rttch and A M Hous
ton and privates J J.MuCain and A G Shan
nou, severely ; privates W A A Id ridge, L
Thompson aud B Brown, slightly.
Co. G Killed, piivate.J P Case. Wounded,
corpl J B Kuykcndatl, privates A R Statou,
B A Staton, Joiin Bon, J W Ripley and S
Howard.
Co. II--Kiikd, sergt John Dulin, privates
J F Harris snd J Nowles. Wounded, pri
vates J S MJier,-J W Rodger, J M lluntwr
aud T J Flow, severely; privates Calvirt lliu
bon,J J McLaughlin, J M Antiu, W A Reep,
A W Wallace, G W Harris, J R Hood, J C
Kirk, C T llodgws and R A Hall, slightly.
Co. 1 Wounded, lieut Jesse Scott, 1st sergt
H G Ellis, pri vaies Wiley Edis, R H Harrison,
P Hinsoti, slightly ; privates Freeman Jones,
Levi Junes, 11 F Smith aud Daniel Vinson,
severely.
Co. K Killedj Ut sergt T W Conley, corpl
G J Abemathy, privates D Denton, D Moore,
J G Whisenhundt and P S Whither. Woun
ded, lieut D P Glass, mortaHy ; privates II H
Childers, A Erwiu, A M Heron, W Huntley,
W ALaughridge,J H Michaels, D 11 Whit
ner, M L Whitstill, A Wagner, D Zimmer
man, H Zimmeimau, N Hoyle, J S Ward, J
A Hawk and F LBrimile.
RECAPITULATION.
Killed, officers 1, enlisted men 19
Wounded, " 5, " " 78
T.tal, ..............103
Fifty-Sixth N. C. T. commanded by Col. P.
F. Faison, heretofore published iu this paper.
Eighth N. C T. -commanded by Lieut.
Col. J. R. Murchison. This regiment belongs to
Clingmau's brigade but is temporarily at
tached to Ransom's brigade.
Co. A Killed, Private Henry C Stokcly.
Wounded, color sergt Frank Perkins, Corpl
Jos N Spencer, privates Daniel Evans,
Joseph Hood, Joshua Cook and Scth Mor
gan, jr.
Co. B Killed, Private Geo VV Graves.
Wounded, privates Joseph Garvis, Wm
Gregory, Dempsey Harris, Emerson Walker,
Jno A Ethidzc, Jno W Kindley, Robert Bal
lance. Co. C Killed, Private W. J. Baker.
Woundtd, privates R W Sawyer, A J Tolston
and J L Moore.
Co. D Killed, Private R F Patterson.
Wouuded, lieut A H Gregory and D W
Weaver, privates W B Dabnon, S A Hunt,
Pinkney Cozart, VV Brinkley and A L Wood.
Co. E Killed, Lieut J) A Patterson, pri
vate John Coddle.- WTounded, lieut Jas K
McKethan, privates Jas T Beard, Henry
Canady, John Knight, Peter McMillan, B G
Morris, R Jenkins and John Spivey.
Co. F Wounded, Lieut L J Thornton,
privates L Davis, J Cowan, J F Skipper, B
Harris, J Wilson, A J Rodgers.
Co. G Killed, Lieut L D Largley, sergt
J J Tonnage. Wounded, sergt Theophil us,
Keel, privates R Brewer, R C Crandell, Gray
Harris,. Guilford Harris, C Moore, G L
Moore, W H Moore and Shem Tyson.
Co. H Killed 1st Sergt J A Barringer,
privates J C Klutts, W M Sides, Nelsoa
Barrier, Moses Dry, C J Linebarger, E J
Patterson and 4 E Barringer. Wounded,
capt Jas Cook, privates M M All man, W D
Barringer, AG Bost,B A Canupe, Wiley
dine, V7 H Cline, A E Harkey, Gilford Hat
ley, J M Misenhiemer, J 21 Murro, Mathias
Bost, J D Sides, G Watts, Alex Set rick,
M C Reochart and J A Dudman, J W Moose,
A M Pag J E Rice, J J SilL
Co. I Wounded, 1st Sergt W H Harris,
corpl B Isley and J D Masterly, privates 11
Simpson, Benj James, A Bogg, W Forbes,
D Clapp. L C Tickle, Francis Faust, Jac
Tyler and Josiah Ziwnger.
Co. K Killed, Privates John J Kstchey,
John Raoey, John L Murp&y and Wiley W
Seaford. Wounded, lieut P J Miller, corpl
S B Cslley, privates Louis B Agner, John
Brochman, Jacob Barge r Sol Burrows, J B
- . t
NO. 15.
Coddell, Cuarim A Wm M ' EthridV
Jesse Gat Calvin' Hnrrman7Wm Keskr'
Abram Morgan. W-J pTniuiaer, John Rimer.
J W Sp-srs and P J Swii.k.
ItKCAPITOLATlON. ,
Killeil, nftleers 2. enlisted men 1R.
Woundid . 5, iQ7.
Total,... ,1.127
RecaptitiTaUonoftoss in entire' Bri gad
Eighth If. C. Trooju Killed 2 MfScWs
.18 men ; wounded 5 nffi,wi02 men. Totsl
kilbnl 7 ; wounded 107 aggregate 127.
Tventy-Fourtk N C. -Killed, 2 officers.
11 privates ; wouuded 3oQ-r. 86 private.
1'itnl killed 5 ; wounded 76 ggrgat 101.
Tmty-Fifih iV. 7. Killed, ..Qcers none,
puvates 3; wounds, officer none, privates
20. Tutal killed, 3 ; wunded 20 aggregate
Fifty-Fijlh y. CrKllW, 1 oGcer, 19
pnvatwf wtndrd, 4 officers, 84 privates.
lotal killcd,'5, wounded 103 aggregate 108
I i fly-Sixth N. O-Killed. o(CkTt8
privates 4 ; wounded, officers 4, privatee 80.
. I otal kll.td 4, wounde.1 84 aggregate 88.
Mosely's battalion, commanded hy L. Col.
J. R. Branch. Note killed, 17 privates
woivded.
Reid's battalian,prirei killcl ; wounded
lfficer and .9-ftrivatcf. Total killed 1
wounded 9 ag-trrefaie 12. '
MfljrHrt-y's battallion consi ta.ot the
following Batteries: Branch's field artillery, Lt.
jdartin commanding. Wilmington ligbr ar
tillery, Capt. Mi Her com manning. Bradford's
battery , Capt. Bradford commanding, blmt
p 'lnery True Blues, Capt. Lee ceswuandinfeC-f
Major Read's battalion there vSere only two
companies attached to our brigade, C-pts.
Mar-hall's and Blount's.
Marshall's, Blount's and L-e's batteries were
with the brigade in the charge of the 20th
April.
Very respectfully
s. n. GEE,
A. A. & In. Gevd.
.
Xommander Jiuues W. Cooke, 0. SJT.
This fearless, efficient and ijallant officer,
-who commanded tho iron-clad ram "Albe
marle " iu the recent bombardment aud cap
ture of Plymouth, entered the Navy of the
- United States in April 1328, and that of tho
uonieocracy m September 1802. In the "1
former, he saw nearly sixteen years sea ser
vkc and upwards of eight years shore duty,
making abUut twenty-four years f aetive
iftic.Hl employment. H i., hke Maj r-Gi n
eral Hoke, a sun of the old North State hc
r'es both in their respective jpVre3. Pre
v ousto the p;esent war, Uetit. C uke owned
a comfort tble est iie in Virginia, where he
jnarried, -whicli was the nccummulion of
. his own energy. Commander G)ku h 1 st
all he po.H esst.i, but ti e rcitaiaty oi this in
prospoel did it prevent litui f.iliowiug the
diotiles T his odisu of :itfy, and. . soon as
the 0:d D minio i p!Ksel :cr ct of see. -s'on,
he. offered his se vices t t he home of hisadoj 1
ti-m, and was appointed hy Virginia a Lieu
tenant in tiie N vy.
He sUmkI at the head of lieu'emant in the
old sei i vice, which he relinquish whrfr his
commisri m as Command rhad been made ut
in .Washington City. So so-ai as North Car
olina withdraw from the corrupt and dis
membered Union," Cooke n-signed the ami
'mission he had receive i fro.n the Stxt e of
Virginia and oft-red i.is servic-s to.thU I. is
native State, which 'were accepk-d. Sub
s-quently ho was appointed a Lieutenant in
the N;r.y of the Coufedcrcy, the same rank
and position held by him in the old Navy,
from which he was udianced to his pr- swit
rank" of Commander by f-eniority of commission,
not for gallant and meritorious 8rvicei,
though justly entitled to prom tiou ' f r such.
Lieut. Coke Was engaged in duty in the fore
commanded by Flag Officer Lynch, ojKraiing
about R anoke Island, and in the engagement
near Elizabeth City his command was captur
ed by a greatly superior forte of the enrmy.
Hjs. efficient and gallant bearing in the re
cent bombardment and capture of Plymouth,
is fresh in the minds of the- people. By the
law of proportion and the usage which has
been inaugurated by the government at Rich
mond, Commander James VV. Cooke is enti
tied to promotion. Gov. Vance eould not do a
more popular act, one just and merited, to
gether with the delegation from the State of
North Jarolina than t present and urge the
claims of its gallant sou to the notice of the
proper Department, and sec that justice is
meted nut to as brave a man ah ever walked
the deck of a .hip. As others have becu pro
moted for like conduct, and snmo because oth
ets have been placed above ihem, the law of
proportion, to which reference has been made,
requires . Commauder Cake's promotion.-
Wilmington Journal.
SCRAPS.
Another Yakkke Stkameb Destroyed.
A gentleman just from Florida says a ne
gro who escaped from the Yankees near Gain
esville and came within our lines, reports that
tbe Yankee transport Hunter was destroyed a
tew days ago by a torpedo in the St. John's
River ti ear Pica 1 at i and Jacksonville. He
stated also that there were a number of Yan
kee officers on board, some of whom shared the
fate of the vessel.
Tna Fast Day asd a .Vjctobt. The Mo
bile Advertiser & Register calls attention to the
fact that the victory of Mansfield, which pro
bably inaugurated the glorious snores in
Louisiana, took place last Fast day; when tbe
wbol? Confederate people were humbling
themselves before the Almighty, a&d implor
ing his forgiveness and blessing. .
A Stub nxr. That waa dectdsdly a sta o
ning appeal for peace rnae at Plyoouth, N.
C, a few days ago. Waadrr if Mr. Holden
and his disciples oould lvre elicited the same
amonnt of respect if thenad caads overtures
for peace after their plan ?
According to Judge Longstreet's ides, the
stair at Plymouth was a fit occasion for Gov.
Brown to-fciave stepped out with his olive
branch ox calumet. CotwzSnu ((7a.) ZTo
tirtr. . . r
' A Daltoo letter to the Roxae Oourisr says:
"Larje nuiabcrs of recruits are dill joining
the army; a metabst of a Georgia Rtaeot in
Stovall's brigs recently broughi ia sixteen,
and received a t hundred and fcrty days' far
lough, therefor-forty dsys for each recurit
,r JOD WORK
JOB -WORK mi every esertpUoa win km
eatadattkJsOtSce with 4kpaih, indn nratlr
can ba dose anywhere in the Southern Con
ederney. ' r
A planter friend is Baldwin count v informs
the Millctgevilte Btoorthr that gnrlio boiUi
with corn and fed to Kng will core and pre
vent cholera. We. suggest to our pork pro
ducing friends a fair trial, ami request that
thry report their experiments to the public,
Jt U belicvrd at the Navy Department that
Lieut. Dixon, and bin little torpedo bnt, tho
Dvid. lie side by vttm with the Uoum tonic,
at the Uittom of the water. The big ship
sucked the little one Wwu with her. All
wm over iu fire minutes.
Hon. Tierre Sule, f Liminiana, in a card
in the Charleston Courier, states that there is
not a word of trnth in the repor ni4rd by
thr Confederate press, from rClXn j. ona U,
that he had " taken his wif, piiMu-d the ene
my lines, and hft the Confederacy."
Tom Thumb retires on a quarter of a mill
ion, says the Court Journal, and a1ds: This
in but a fair illustration of the ttranjie fmdes
of fur tune these top.y turvy times. It Fcomi
much easier to make a fortune by littleness
than by greatness.
Biron Lcueck, the inventor of gun cotton,
has visited Paris by invitation of the Emper
or Napo'eon, who has conferred upon him the
Cro s of Commamler of the Legym of Honor,
and preoentd him with a gold snuff-box, set
wit'i iliamni.di, in token of his appreciation of
a scheme which promises to effect an impor
tant change offcrtdlcry practice.
Ureen peas were -cuito Abundant in our
market yeirday sfternomf price $10 per
half peck, or only $80 per bushel1. Straw
berries, $10 per quart. Hope nobody bought
either. Vegetables of all forts still at the
highest figures. Beef $2 50, pork and mut
ton S3. Fwl8 ddined. frorp $5 to $8 pr
pair, quoted at $12 to $15. Sacannmk Re
publican From Below.
' We have nothing lafcr from below. It in
said that the waters of Alberrrarlo Sound nro
in o :r quiet rMtsvion. The fisheries aro frying
worked with great re.nltn by the people. The
amount of provisions secured by the fall of
Plymouth is said to be far greater than any
one had supposed, aud the eooniry oponed to
ns wilf furnish enough to feed a largn army
for muy months to come.
Tribute of Resprtt.
Falkland, N. C, April 28th,
Ai a regular rnet-ting of FilkUcd L-ie No. 19it,
f blowing rrulutioiis were Intrt1ae d, vt :
' iiKHBAH, ii oat piearcu uuiniy in nu n
(i rutaii'o (litpcticatiwii', to reinvc from titno lo
etcP'tty nr beloved brother, Jwf hm Brwiilj, on
th L'Ot'b S -ptemb r. 1S62, hi U'Tdoiirvi'.lf, Vu., f
i'rtfe contracted while patriotic ;ly nerving tin
ooufttry in th eaparity of a oldier, whereby tho
tnriuWrA of thla Lodge wer debarred th f rivilro
of ii inuiiititoring to bis lat nufft rirtg, uil cxtei.d
ing thiitfratprnnl love and kiadneM in hU long
and I'm orinK affliction :
Br it therefore rea tired. That whiNt we bow with
humble rnbuibaion to Ihe will vf liim whodovth
all things well, wc deeply laiuent bit imimoly
lenth, and extend to hia nfllicled foully our heart
felt pynipiithie in their rc bereavement.
Jt'Kolrcd, That thi Lodge b lo! a worthy
meiuHer, aociety a good citixen and th aervice a
patriotic soldier.
Itttlted, As a testimony of inr respect for our
deceased brother, the jewels of this bodge be draped
iu mourning for tbeepaee cf thirty dVy.
itviblved. That a copy of tbo reolntlors be
tariff to tbe family of the det umm1, and to ihn
Editors of the Confederate, with tbe request that
they publixh them. P. 11. M AYO, U 'y.
W. K. Williams, )
Jficr. KlSO. VCoMMITTEK.
VV. B.F. NrwTox. I SMt
CAN ID ATE FORTIUS UGISLATVKK.
PLIMMRRW. (sRKRir, CO. E, 1st N. i
Cavalry, respectfully offers his eervicet to
repreKCLt the people of Warren connty In tho
House of Commons of. tbe next Legislature.
Election first Thursday ia Angnst.
may ll-15-wtde
,
STATE OF NOKTII CAROLINA,. CAB AKKU8
County, Court of Pleas and Quarter Sessions,
April Term,
M. M. Uisenheinser, admV
ol D. C. Wilhelm,
vs. f
A. M. WitLelm & others, )
Petition to sell land.
It appearing to the satisfaction of the Court
that George Logan and wife Nancy, and A. II.
Willie! m are not inhabitant of tbia 'State, it is
ordered by th Coait that publication be made
for six weeks in tbe Weekly Confederate for said
defendants to appear at the next term of this
conrt, to be held for the eventy of Cabasvui , at
tbe court bouse in Concord oa the third Monday
in July next, and show eaaee if any they bare,
why the lands described in the petition sbonld not
be sold according to tho prayers of the petition.
Witness, Joseph Young. Clerk of oar said Court
at o hee in Concord, tbe third Monday la April,
A. D. 18U. JOSEPH YOUKO, Clerk.
sna 4-w6t pr. avd. (3d.
FIFTT EOUACS QET7ARD Cacaway
from Meiers. Tappy A Lwmedea'a Fooadry in
Nash county, oa Saturday night, the 9th inLr my
negro man DOItRIS, aged 47 years, rix feet in
height, of dark eoniptextoa, quick spoken and
Kntns sfightry la walking. DoubtUae be is en
deavoring to get to the Yankee lines. I will pay
the above reward for hU delivery to ne, or con
finement ia any Jail so I ret him again.
W. IL WATSON, M. D.
CastaUa, Nash Co., if . C.
April lth, lftU. ap dltw2t
(50 CCUAC3.
R ANA WAY FIIOM TUB SUBSC&IBER ON
the 14th of February, a NEGRO WOMAN.
Said woman is aboat St years of sge, eassplexion
black, height 3 feet four inches, and has lost her
ribt breast by a cancer. Sappeee she is try
ing to pass herself elti t free woman in the
neighborhood ef Knap of Reeds, or Tally Uo,
Gran viUo county, N. C The bove reward will be
psdd for her delivery to am or confinement in jail
so that I ean got her. 8ARAU K. ROSS,
apl T-w4t Darhams Statien, N. C.
the Jail of Catawba, a dark NcQBO man
about fifty years ef age. Said negro ssys.his same
to PLEASANT, sad that he Is the property of
Ueh Carlyla and Geo. Henderson ef Georgia.
A. J. HELTEN, Jailor.
Newton X, C. April lttb ISM, ap, t3 H-wCm.
tea csiw or niion ccistt.
TPTE ARS AUTHORIZED TO ANNOUNCE
YV LienW OARBY FULORUM, of Co. B, 2d
N. (f. Infantry, as a candidate for the office of
High SaoriXof tho county of Wilson N. C, in
the coming August election,
sp 21T3-d4tAw4t