!
uu EE sL
THE CONFEDERATE.
ADVERTISING.
ADYrilTISEME.TTS will helnarrtcd a rcste
ftoLLaae per areef t liss (or !ea) fir eae
iasertiou. Uaniagenetirfa sad eeituJtn.- nil! he
charged adrertire aarnt.-.
1nn JOB WORK.
JOB WORK f ever v devenptiwn will be a
ecaUnt al thin Othe with ditpateh, and as neatlf
aa can be dent anywhere la the Sathia foe
ederacv. VOL. 1.
RALEIGH, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1864.
NO. 35.
JE
9 u
THE CONFEDERATE.
K' M cnKM vy & co Proprietors.
" TERMS :
PAiLT EDITION, for 6 months $15
" 3 9
i tt s
Til t-W SEKLY, for 6 months. 3."V.".".'." H
" " 3 5
Wl.KKLY EDITION', for 6 months
Nimuojcription." w ill be received on any other
tortus than the above, nJr for a longer er shorter
p. nod.
All the indications exhibit on the part of
i!ie Governmeat a determination to press into
the service tke strength of the country, for
the purp e of meeting the great concentrated
effort of the eoeny. There has been fr
inmy mouths an act of Congress on the
rtatute book, requiring from all Chiefs of
Bureaus that they will replace in their several
iii-:es the able-bodied employeea with dis
abled soldiers or persons over f'-ri-y-five years
f.f age. This has scarcely ever been dorse
We presnmc Col. Mallett does obperve this liw
as far as pi Hible, but as for his subordinates,
there are many who do not ; so that the K
rolling officers themselves set the exam.de,
and tbe evil exampl j is followed by all the
other offices ift the service f the G )Ver:ireut,
liiore or less, po that a powerful reinforcement
it kept out of the fidd by aa habitual disre
gard of the law of the laud. Theu there are
those claimed by the Governor as State" officers.
If the certificates of this sort were converted
in dollar notes, they would constitute, as they
aro now, a redundant currency. For full
ninety-ui'ie-bun fredths of these there is do
employment at all in tho offices they he!d,
uoijo whatever, that others i:rr capable of
nerviee canuot as well rentier. The loQg array
of Justices of the Peace churned a necessary,
mar!; yon, as nkokssary Slate officers, many
of them who have never issued a judicial
prooess, nor at in the Omnty Court in their
live3, sni who would'ut know they were
Justices, if it vrre not war times and Justices
V-;re not xempt, and Home Guard officers,
H'; i Miiitia officers, double twisted, so naked
of anytring like troops to command tin I they
exemplify the uniform of a Georgia Major,
0"-wi: :) "a idiirt collar and a pair of fcpurs."
Wt io nut blame Gov. Vance .ouch for
these exemptions, because tke last Legislature
imposad it on him, an 1 although he had the
pvWtr, we are lice to admit tort of defer
ence f-r the Lagis! itura on the subject
which ) erha, 8 he might be.expeeted to ob
serve. Thec exempts amount to thou.-auds,
aod couid turn the tide in sever;1! battl?s. If
Hood had had them, Atlanta might have beeu
preserved ; and had it been, peace was surely
Dear at hand. It may not be far off yet.
Whiio such meu are stowed away ia safe
piae?, we hav.; known excellent soldier, one
case in pariic.dar, a mot gallant and faithful
soldier, an intelligent man, disabled from ac
tive service by a wound of permanent disa
bility, and heconld iiot Cud a place for light
duty in ail the Bureaus ; while stout, athletic
clerks would tare al D m .wth v.-oudtr for
making the applioiti Tucr is no so i ,t
doubt about it. ThU evii has been udratbd
too lo:o7 ,,r tJL j 'y pernicious
tendency. An Inspector ought to visit very
bureau one who is himself perfectly reliable
whose duty it should be to ferret out every
violation of the law of Congress, in ordtr that
ehargesmay be preferred against officers who
violate it, and that these snug places should be
kept for the worn and weary and disabled
veteran, whose bedy requires repose after a
hard exposure. If thiscare were taken of the"
disabled soldier, there would be more con'eut
and if the able-bod;ed eie all required ti do
their part, the ranks would be filled. The
Legi-'atu e, it is hoped, rid repeal o nsuch of
Uitir acc as relates to the otuYers we have
named, (Militia officers and Jotices.) and
give them a chance to "go to glory ;" or l .ft
wheie they aie, it will never come to thrn.
It would be well to scrutinize the contrac
tor closely: see that they are giving eulue,
full Talue for their exemptions ; and in every
instance when such can be spared, let them go.
We publish to-day an article from the Rich
mond Sentinel, showing the necessity for rt in
forcementa. The fate ef the Cooteieracy may
defend upon tbe celenily with whico it is ac
eomaftahed. Fir our part, we would be glad
to aee every roan within the ages, who has not
Lome a part at some time during tbe war, be
required to go and take a baud, at least in one
battle; especially every one who has property
to protect. But if this be not possible, at least
we trust the government will secure as many
as possible.
East Tennessee.
JL. correspondent of the Richmond Whig,
writiag from Carter's Station, represents the
tyranny of theenaruy iu Est Tennessee as
beooming more despotic every day. Not a
day passes but some upw victim fiuds his way
to the filthy dungeons of Knoxville, thence
to work on the fortifications a number of
the first citizens of that section being now
thus tyrannized over. The infamous Brown
low urges oo the authorities and insists on
hanging tbe more conspicuous of the number.
The same correspondent says :
The rumor goins; the rounds of the press,
tnat Mrs. Williams, of Greenville, gave in
formation that led to Gen. Morgan's death, is
infamously faUe. A truer lady, or one more
devoid tu , ur cause, er who has made great
er bacr.tl.es, don't livt in the Contederacy.
General Morgan was betrayed by no one but
his own judgment. Justice demands that
the preps should correct this error at once.
Since the return of the enemy to Bull's
Gap, naany rumors have been in circulation
as to their probable movements. As much
as one regiment of cavaliy have gone to Mid
die Tenrejis e to assist Rosseau in looking af
ter Wheeler. The entire strength of the en
emy in ths department will not exceed two
thousand men.
Some tpprehensions are felt in Knoxvillt of
an advance of & strong force from this direc
tton on Saerman's rear 1 They deem him safe
m long as nothing presenU itself ia the way
of an army cn his flank.
Wilmington.
Since tbe publication of onr article of the
other day, upoB the defence f Wibntngton,
we have heard much to modify our opinions
and to lessen our apprehensisos. A most com
petent persun, with full authority, has given
to all the prominent localities a thorough in
spection, aad it is not f miss to furnish the
public With assurance, that sofar as the works
of defence will con'ribnte to make Wilmington
safe, this has been done. The works arejro
muTiPtd to be capital, in conception and con
struction. This is not unexpected informa
tion to us. The skill and ability of General
Whiting as an engineer officer, admit of no
doubt. Ills reputatiou places him among
the vepy firt.
The public may be well assured U. that
the importance of holding Wilmington is
frlly appreciated, both by the State and the
Coo federate authorities ; and that no resource
will bo spared for its accomplishment. Our
former article was elicited by a communica
tion from some eontemptible traitor, o the
"New Turk Times.1' As we stated, it wa3
not our purpose to adopt his vulgar abuse
of tha commanding officer, nor to vent our
own opinion, even in the mildest phrase, of
ti e qualifications of that commander ; but we
ftdr bou.jd to put ia our journal (for the good
of the cause) the fact of a want of coafitknee,
not existing among the igaoiant or ill-informed,
but by those whose opinions ate
entitled to consideration. This want of con
fidence did not extend to Gen. Whiting's
ability, patriotism or courage, ail of which
had been too fully tested to allow a distrust.
Our farther object was to draw attention to
the importance of Wilmington, and to in
spire a paiii itic a ixity a'.nong our own peo
ple for its preservation, ami at thn same time
to venture suggestions, as is th right o the
pres., as to the qualities of command as also
as to the kindoftroops to hi employed in m de
taining 5o valuable a port. We believe that
North Carolina poesies withia herself at
this time, abundant strength for the security
of Wilmington against any force that the en
emy can immediately emplny, with such
modifications and resources as the government
can and we douM not vill furnisn at h.e right
time.
If Gnneral Whiting shsli huld che com
mand of Wi!. rdngton , and av se ho reason
why he should net which ht may vot readily
remove, then it ;.ill he the rowr:i,ig achiev
ment .f his c.-e-r, which his h?n tmu of
distiiiu;hv'i u-;ul;(es, if :u-i the de
fence'.)! li. p..s: VtJCt:-8?rHl
JLt is tl t-o'y tJf an uSlcc ':" xn-
der his -.omtti -iad placed at t:rs p-ints of
trinscendaut importance, o sec -ire i t only
the confidence of thon i.iia -d. i - y uuder
tbf?m,butof those r,r und and i-l d
p nder t upe.'ii heni. Nor are i.,ip-:.ssioiiides
to ''O 'xpi cte 1 of any ne. To-i-e wh - wish
faithtui representatives, mus .v.ow i prompt
and ready williiignwis t . i;d the:r ?; i:Livorst
and should adhere to and confide m t iem uu
tilsoinejust cause distuibs such confidence.
Our o vn peojde can render valuable assist
ance when the hoarof used comes. Let them
see to it that they spire no exertion for the
defen'e at the threshold caa be more easily
maintained, than the defence of the habitation
after the enemy has entered.
Bound to Hare a Tietim.
It is an unfortunate fact, that whenever
the Confederate arms meet with disaster, sotne
ottiecr is singled out as she one on whom pub
lic indignation should fall ro matter that
such officer may have done his best to avert
the defeat and may on former fields of battle,
have d'stinuished himself for valor and abili
ty. It also frequently occurrs that censure is
hurled at some erne, who had but little to do
with the army that has been defeated, and
was prrsoually present when the battle was
fought.
Atlanta fallen and public opinion having
declared Gu. Hood not responsible for its lass,
our worthy cotemporary of the Charleston
Courier being determined that somebody
should bear the blame, takes a trip to Rich
mond and briugs out General Bragg as the
guilty party, and the man whe has caused our
d-saster. Our cotemporary is rather rambling
in his article, but the scape-goat of the defeat
stands out prominently, and cannot be doae
awav with. It is Geueral Braxton Bragg
who, at Richmond, caused Stiermao t make
a fiat k movement on the Macon and Western
railroad, wiihoat any interruption, m very
little, if any was made at all. He is the guil
ty party according to the argument of the
Ceurier, and deserves condian purdshn-.ent.
We have now a victim for public oph ion
to clamor agitir..t that is if public opinion
will listen to the charge of our cotemporary.
In the meantime, General Bragg, ' could, s ff
poised, rigid, precise and austere,' performs
the duties of bis office, rz a patriotic manner,
with all the ability he pos.-sesses, u'tvrlv indif
ferent to what the Courier or any other piper
may say. We may condemn him now, but
history impartial history will place Gene
ral Bngg in a much better position than we,
in our blind prejudices, are disposed to accord
to him. This much is certain : No matter
what may be said or done, he never cat. be
held responsible for the fall of Atlanta.
Another victim must be feund, and we recom
mend our interesting ctemprary to hunt p
another. It will pa. Macon Telegraph.
A down east editor said he was in a boat
A Viliiw Viarr bat ka Wasn't at
. VtUCM blJ vr -
all alarmed because he had hia life "im-ured,
i and "he never had anything happen to him
by which he could make any money."
j BunCRiw to tb ' Confederate.'''
The Crnise of the 'Tallahassee."
Durrag th? month just passe I there have
appeared, from tim to time, many items
about the Confederate cruiser Tallahassee,
and extracts from the Northern papers re
garding the doings of the Pirate Tallahassee
have been extensively copied. Perhaps the
main facts have thus been made public, but
only one side of the story has been toid, and
that, with ll the exaggeration and falsehood
of particular instances, is incomplete. In or
der to m-ikj known tbe trua story, taking
intoconsiderition at the same time the limit
ed space al owed in a daily paper, I cannot do
better thn transcribe the narrative from my
diarv, written from day to day during the
cruise Tins i do literally and without alter
ation, which fact will be sufficient apology for
its faults.
August 6th. This morning we were still
aground on the "rip," tha draft of Water be
ins too great to pass the eastern b.tr at these
tides. The steamers Flamingo, Cape Fear,
and Yadkin, were made fast to us at hih
tide, and in a short time we were afloat !
steaming dowu towards Fort Caswell, pre
paratory to a rial of the other bar. AH day
ltmg we lay at anchor off Smithville, a village
somewhat visited in years gone by as a sum
mer watering-place, but now looking in the
last stages of chronic dilapidation. About 8
o'clock came the boatswam's pipe to ' up an
chor." Rounded the fort at nine, and at tea
were on the bar.
At this hour the nmon had gone down, a
few black clouds floated in the "sky, and the
stars shone dimly through a thin gauze-like
vapor that rose from the water. A fair night
to run out. After passing the bar, came up
on two blockades, one ou either bow, much
closer in th ,n they had been during the day.
Run between them, and soon had bth abeam;
but, .unfortunately, a stream of flame burst
from the smoke-stacks and betrayed us The
enemy immediately showed a signal light, but
no ana ver being received, gav us a shot,
qutekiy followed by others. This was re
peated on the other side; but every shot went
over. Running at a speed of nearly fifteen
knots, we soon left them in the dark; and,
although they fired several rockets to discover
our position by their glare, scan got beyocel
reach of rockets or shell. W e saw three more
blockades, but passed them unobserved, and
in a few hours were out at sea.
Sunday, 7th. At daybreak a Yankee crui
ser was in pursuit tf us, and some four er five
miles astern. Were then ranning southeast,
with little !f;ore than halt steam. Tbe dense
black smoke rising from the Yankee's funnels
showed he ws making every exertioi to over
haul us. It is an easy task to run away from
him, nd in atn ut two hours he is hull dowu,
but stiii etatid'Dg on. At 8 o'clock another
steamer came up ahead, and discovering us,
gave chase also. Changed our course to north
east by nortjj, thus bringing bath cruiser oa
eur beam bearing down at an acute angle
across our bow. An hour's run, both were
astern
It n a calm, quiet Sabbat Jr mo"h
em tLo juurtet-deck to all bauds, fciee large
school ef pjrpoises rolling and tumbling in the
water Three deserters from the fleet were
fouud stowed away tbis morning. They were
put in the coal bunkers to assist the fire
men. Two o'clock. Both eteamerB chasing us in
the morning are cut of sight, hut another is
signalled from the masthead. Chased us until
night ; but it required little exertion to keep
away from bim. Just as dark came on, nearly
ran into the fourth cruiser we have seen to-day
aud before our course could be changed were
close on him. He showed a blue light, and
immediately came dowu in eur wake. Another
signal light was shown forward ; but as neith
er was answered, he opened fire. For a few
moments his shell pass over us, and then, as
we increase our speed, they gradually fall as
tern. Af'er ths first half hour we saw him no
more.
Mojjdat. 8th. A fair, pleasant day. Some
fcwell, as there nearly always is in the stream.
Masses of beautif ul gulf-weed float by continu
ally, sea-gulls skim ever the surface of the
water, ami the little Mother Carey's cbickeas
flit about on restless wing. Spoke tbe Ham
burg barque Louise Wilhemiue, aod being satis
fied with the heavy, Dutchy appearance, pass
rapidly by uuder steam and canvas.
TumsDAT, 8th. Spoke Bremen brig Santia
ge, and schooner Fanny, of Nova Scotia. In
the evening, overhauled brig H. F. Calthirist,
of Turk's island, evidently a Yankee under
British register. Lieutenant Ward boarded her,
but found the papers all right, under the con
sular seal. Towards night the barometer fell,
and the air grew thick and hazy. About 9
o'clock, saw a large steamer ou our port bow,
but passed her unobserved.
Wednesday, 20tu. Spoke British barque
Armenia, and schooner Emma, of Nassau.
From the latter obtaiued New York papers of
the 8th instant. After dark, gave chase io a
steamer with lights set, and under steam and
canvass, close hauled to the wind. There is
an ugly look about her when seen closely, but
we stand on until nearly alongside, when it is
fouud we have caugnt a tartar in the shape of
a frigate. Not caring to interfere with such a
respectable craft, we bear away with full head J
of strain, p.nd permit her to go on uumo ested.
Thuksbay, 1 1th. Two vessels in sight at
daybreak: one an English barque, the other
a co3ting schooner. While speaking the
larger vessel, the schooner turned on the wind
and ran f t life, knowing very well what we
were. It was nearly an hour before we over
hauled her, but a musket shot finally brought
hr-r to, and we boarded our first prize the
schooner Sarah A. Boise, of Boston, bound to
Philadelphia for Coal. The vessel is new and
valuable. There are few provisions on board,
but these were removed, the captain and crew
taken off. and the vessel scuttled.
We are now about twenty miles from Long
Island, and sixty miles from Barnegat.
Seven sail in sight. Towards 0 o'clock a
pilotboat appean?d and ;an down towards us,
thinking we were in want of a pilot. When
alongside, a boat was lowered and sent flf.
in whicfi was a large well-dressed man, with
v.9w wftfrh-nard. a massive rine on his
little finger, and the air f a genuine New
York hutchrr boy. He was prepared to take
us int.. port having his clean shtrtio a handle
umiT tos ami, nd a taw copies of the Herald
andT mes. We had the Stars and Strips
ftyiog as he pat off from th eeacoMr, but
just r8 he came undtr the stern, it was lower
ed and our e?isign raisad.
" My God," sa'd he, glancing up at it,
"what ia that?"
What ship is this?" he asked as he step
ped upon thj q iarter-deck.
" Tne Confederate Cruiser Tallahassee,' re
plied Captain Wood. ,
Upon hearing thU the fellow was frighten
ed out of his wits. UU face turned doathly
pale, his knees shook violently, nd drops sf
perspiration started from every nore. I never
saw a more perfect picture f abject misery
than he presented when told his b at would
be burued. This wa the James Funck ; or,
Pilotboat "No 22" Being a beautiful and
fast-sailing schooner, Cpt. Wool put a priz
crew upon her, uuder Mr. Curtis, acting mas
ter, and pilot Davis, keeping her as a tender.
We obtained some Fulton Market beef, mut
ton on ioe, fresh vegtahles, and a quantity
of stores, from this boat.
At 11 o'clock, came up with brig Carrie
Ei telle, of Boston, with lumber for Nev York.
The prisoners were taken off, charts, chro
nometers and nautical instruments removed,
an vessel burned.
Meanwhile, the Tender "22' was sent after
two sails, some five miles away ; and in about
two hours sent down to us the barque Bay
State, from Alexandria, Virginia, to Boston,
returning light, after having taken out a car
go of coal. The captain's wife, two children,
and nurse, were ou board, and all badly
frightened. It was some time before they
were thoroughly convinced they were not to
be murdered. After removing everything of
value to us, Lieutenant Gardner poured tur
pentine over the cabin fltor and applied the
match, In a few minutes1 she was in flames.
While this vessel was burning, the "22"
r ught down the brig A. -Richards, of Boston,
but mostly owned in the State of Maine.
Nothing of value was found on her, and she
was fired as sown as the prisoners c mld be
gotten oil with their baggage.
A short time after, two more sails came in
sight. We are evidently in the track of coast
ers from nearly all tbe Atlantic ports, bound
to New York. Roth proved to be schooners.
We brought one t with a blank cartridge,
and tho Tender was sent out to bring in the
other.
We now had over forty prisoners, and as
they were allowed to take all their personal
property in addition to their private baggage,
our decks were inconveniently filled. On this
account, the first schooner, the Carroll of East
Machias, Main?, was bonded for $10,000,
and the prisoners, with their luggage, tent
on board.
Note. The agreement specially stated
the passengers were to be taken to New York,
and not landed elsewhere. We have since
learned the captain of the Carroll violated his
oath, having landed his passengers oo Long
Island and giving information at the nearest
telegraph station. I never saw a man more
earnest in his declarations that he would keep
his word.
Too other schooner. h Atlantic, from Ad-
diwa to New York. lo.iea with WV
himwl. At fiv o c l .e'v iiie Carroll cieared
vith our ' prisoners, and we laid in wait fur
other prey.
At six o'clock we were standing uortheast
by east. The air was close and smoky, made
more so by the ships burning near us. This
was very favorable, as it prevented our smoke
being seen at a distance. Half an hour on
this course, and another pilot boat hove in
sight on our part bow. As the other h-td
done, she bore down for us unsuspiciously un
til near enough to make out the ensign, whea
she hauled on the wind and run. These pilot
boats are f;at sailers, and the chase was exci
ting. At first we had hut nine pounds of
steam, and the schooner held h?r own very
well, but as the t-team increased we gained
rapidly, and finally brought ht-r round by a
shot from tho bow gun. This was Pdot boat
"No. 24." or. the William Bell one of the
finest vessels I have sver seen Everything
about her was fitted up in elegant style and
in pertect order. Mahogany berths, rosewood
nanels. fine carpets, dama-k cumins, and
broad lace trimmings on bvds; silver, crock
ery, and,in fiiv everything on board was of
tb.8 bvst ard c et'iest description. Built only
three years ago the "24" cost $16,000 in
gold; and the fitting up, $1,000 more. Wc
found two pASsngers on board, an old gentle
man out for his health, and a New York
drnmmer on a pleasure excursion. Mr. Cal
lahar the owner, appeared a very gentleman
ly person, and I endeavored to make his fate
as easy as possible, assisting him in saving
his personal baggag inviting him to the
ward-room table, and at night taking the
blankets from my own bed to make him com
fortable I gave him every possible attention,
and he expressed much gratitude, making me
a small present as a testimonial of his appro
ciation of my efforts. At night, while smo
king our cigri, he spoke of the outrages
committed by hts own people, and condemned
them in strong trrms. He repeatedly de
clared his treatment was much better than he
expected, or eren hoped, when first tiken on
board. When we parted h again repeated
his thanks, and held out his hand to me.
Notb Upon reaching home this individual
nnblished his statement in tbe Herald, in
which he said he was very badly used ; had hia
hat and boets taken from bim ; was kept with
out food, and had no place but the wet decks
to lie at night. He farther stated I kad de
clared myself to him one ef the Chesapeake
pirates, which he knw te be a deliberate false
hood. After reading this in Halifax, I deter
mined to keep my sympathies for the future a
little ore in chtck. There were aeveral such
cases well calculated to stir up revengeful feel
ings against other pri&oners ; but I do net know
of a case on the Tallahassee" where one was
ili-treated.
We hastily gathered & few things frena her
nautical instruments, telescopes, charts, clocks,
mediciae chest, &c. And then, pouring ter
pentine over the cabin floor, this fine boat was
firei. Lieutenant Gardner hesitated to apply
the match ; but there was ne help for it, and
she was so en ablaze.
Once more we are on onr course, the "22"
felioiog in our wake. The bright flame of
three burning vessels showed plainer aa night
came oo, while, in the distance, two more were
mouldering at the water's edge. About mid
night, the wisd died away, and eur Tender lag
gei behind. Sae was taken in tow, and. under
eay tfteam, we stood on towards Moutank point.
All these rebels nere trumed within a inert
def.
mis.
wesi.
At night, owing to our proximity to the
land, we had a heavy ground swell.
Fkidat, 12 M. As usual at daybreak, seve
ral sail were in sight The "22" was east off
and sent after some vessels in the distance,
while we steer for a Urge ship oa our starboard
bew. When alongside, she wa ordered te
heave to, and in doing so swept dawn upon u,
and struck u before we could get away : bnf,
fortunately, very fr aft. Oar uin-aast fell,
and the deck was swept clean of everything
standing, cirrying away even the irou bulwark
rail Bsing a very large ship, towering high
above us, s'ae would have inevitably sank us
had she struck amidships. The mast fell over
the side; and the rigging being cut away,
swaoz round under the prooeller. It was some
time before this eonld bo extricated.
All being clear, we moved ahead a ehort
distance, and Lieutenant Gardner was aentoa
board after the captain and his papers. In a
few moments he came over the side with a
verv confident air, feeling sure that he, being
an Eoelishmdri, would he allowed to go oa
with hJs ship. This was the Adriatic, from
Loudon to New York, with one hundred and
sixty-three passengers. There was great con
sternation among these people when told that
the ship was to be destroyed, and they were
ordered to gather up their private baggage
to go on board a barque the ,422' was then
bringing in. I shall never firjet the scene,
and yet it was a trifle compared to what I
84w whan the enemy took possession of the
town of Fredericksburg. Women and chil
dren wept, screamed and prayed, while men
cursed, lau?hed and got drunk. Two or three
elderly females went into hysterics, while
others were running here aud there, with
clasped hand, asking us to spare them. It
was some timfffaefore tbey could comprehend
that we did not intend burning them with
tho ship; but when they did, all went quiet
ly at work packing their thing. They were
allowed to take everything they deatred, and
frequently a whole boat was taken up by two
or three persons with their luggags. It was
a bustling scene when they came to go over
the ship's side. The women were lifted in'o
the boats as carefully as possible, and the dis
agreeable business conducted as well, and
better than could be expected. Three or four
men were so drunk they had to be slung over
the side, Captain Moore amoug the number.
It was with great difficulty lie was got out
at all, as he preferred giung to pleep iu his
bank to the exertion of changing ships. It
took nearly three hours to clear her, and then
she was burned with her valuable cargo on
board.
The baggage these people carried was of
the strangest description broken pots and
pans, jars, crockery, cracked vases, bird cages,
cats, dogs, and other pets, brought with them
from the Old Word. Thea they all insisted
upon taking, but in many instances had to be
refused. Women, after having become rec n
ciled to leaviwg. went to the side cheerfully
enough, but bacame obstreperous when not
permitted t ta.k n old trw be4 o Jtoomk
of dishes wortlr loss than five dollars. It was
a sd sight to witness the trouble of these poor
crpatures, who, in many intauces, had their
all on board. Perhaps one half tho number
were able bodied young m?n, who will bo
f md, in a mouth's time, in the army of Vir
g ;a.
-' The barque Saliote, which was bonded,
took t!: passengers and our other prisoners
on board. Wa gave them some ca-ks of wa
ter, aud sent word to thi captain if he wanted
more two casks would be thrown overboard
for him to pn k up. To this he mala no re
ply; 30 wo presumed he had enough to last
him in.
Later in the day, steering e.ist by south,
we fell in with tbe schooner Spokene, of
Maine, bound to New Yrk, with a car of
laths. She bvisovi tbe United Sta'es flg as
we came up, and was ordered to heavo to.
Lieutenant Benton boarded, and after remov
ing chronometer and charts, cut away the
masts and scuttled her.
Two hours after about 5 o'clock, P. M.
Captured brig Billow, of Siletn, Massachu
setts, loaded, also, with laths. Tne captains
of these two vessels were cousins, and had
sailed from port together, keeping close to
each other up to the timeol their capture.
The Billow was burued.
At G o'clock saw a schooner on port-bow
coming on towards ns. This was the H. E.
Parker, of Pennsylvania, bound to Boston,
with a load of coal. Oar decks were now
very much crowded with prisoners, and, iu
consequence, the schoaner was bonded for
$30,000, and they were put on board. 'Sue
had a valuable eargo besides coal.
After leaving her, steered northeast by
east.
During the night a steamer passes, as sup
posed by her lights, to be a Federal cruiser.
We were not seem.
August 13th. It was scarcely daylight
before two sail were reported, and in a few
moments, bth were alongside. One was aa
English ves-sel, which, if course, we could
r.ot touch; the other, the barque Glenavon,
cf Thomaton, Maine, from Glasgow to New
York, with a cargo of pig iron. This was a
fine, new barque, with splendid t-pars and
topsail yard. The captain had his wife on
board a brave, good woman and a female
servant. There were two passengers in the
cabiD, an old sea captain and his wife, the
latter a perfect termagant, and very offensive
to all on board. Her tongue was never idle
and her time about equally divided between
abusing her husband, who bore it like a lajnb,
and distributing testaments and tracts a9Dg
our men. The art of making everybody dis
agreeable was carried to perfsction with tbis
horrible woman, a&d the scoldings she gave
the poor captain who was tied to her apron
string struck every one dumb with astonish
ment. The last act of revenge on tbe poor
roan was just as she was leaving tbe side,
when the old lady, in a fit of anger, tore off
her new bonnet and threw it in the sea.
We got a qnamity of mess stores from the
Glenavon, a few luxuries, some hams, a coop
of chickens, and two pig. After removing
all thing- ef immediate service to us, Lieut.
Ward had her scuttled, and she sank rapidly.
Before we were out of sight she went down
by the head, and sank forever beneath the
ocean. It seemed a pity to destroy such a
noble craft, and 1 I woke i upon our work with
snrrow.
distance of each ether, and in latitude 40
19 min. north, longitud 72 deg. 27
a
I spoke of Mr. WatU, tho cartalij wife.
She was. indeed, a brave, swcot woioar. uni
1
bore her losses without a murmnr, ar.d at tbm
same tim, the tunta f the other female.
Only.o.ice d;d t-he give way to her fre'.iua,
and then when speaking of their loo in con
nection with her children
" IVor fellow" gsid .he, l.klnir fondly
towards her hnibaud, he has been going fo
for thirty year, and al) Ids earning wre
in this ship. Wc were sating far our dear
little children at home fire o them" and
theu Ler eye filled with Uars and a sincle
drop trickled down her ktill fair chfl. She
said lhat. siDce the beginning of the war. she
bad read with horror t the sufl'iogs of tho
noble Virginia ladies, and ocly wialtd her
loss might do them some good. This and
similar sympathizing expressions. t-rthr
ith a little wholesome abu se of Lincoln, the
Zantippc threatened to report to the pi lice the
moment they arrived in New York.
About 8 o'clock, we captured the schooner
Lereot Du Port, ol Wilmington, Delaware,
from Glace bay. Caps B.eion, with coal for
New York.
While the schooner was being fired, a Rus
sian barque pasted, and we barpaioeJ with him
to take the passengers into pvrt. Tbe barque
had three or four hundred German emigrants
on board, tbe males, undoubtedly, destined for
tbe Yankee army.
I should have remarked yesterday that, toou
after the burning of tbe Adriatic, the
being no longer of use t ua, was destroyed.
We saw a few rail ia the evening, but far
away and out of our course. They were all
small, and had a foreign look. It is very eaiy
to distinguish an American from an Keglish or
foreign-built v esel by tbe shape and rig. Cap
Uin Wood was never mistaken, to my know
ledge, from a single glance to tell the national.
Ity of a ship.
This being Saturday night, one week from
eur departure from Wilmington, we sum up th
week's work and find there have leeu destroyed
one ship, three barques, throe brig, aud eight
schooners fifteen tall. With these were taken
upwards of two hundred and ixtythree pas.
sengers en the Adriatic. Thoy were all parol
ed, a epecial oopy being made cut for eav.h
man.
Finding tbis diary will oecnpy nuch more
epaoctbaa was anticipated, I am foroed to di
vide it between this and subsequent Issuaf.
This ends the first seven days ef cur cruia, an 1
efthe second week I wul speak in my next
letter. Uohemux.
From th: Valley.
Army or the V a may or V.
In Cami-G Milks Below WuccHrvrnt.
Sept. 12th, 1804.
I
J
Editors Confederate: l wwie you n the
Gth iost. from Winchester; siace tLat timi
the movements of oor troops have been larl
to understand, as I presume they were mainly
intended t counteract the m jvmurs ef t ie
enemy. We hive had but littie rtl at any
point, as marching and c unlrmarching hm
been the order of tl.a ly. 0lcy wWi,-
lire of defence, from Hunker Hill in J(vrkM-y,
to Berry vi!!e the c unfy seat of Clarke. '!ho
hkiriuishrs have jenerally been tr .iht on t y
the Yankee cavalry attacking our o-ra!rT, .
ar d resudtd iu the ui :v!ng c of tho i.jri
On Saturday tuondcg, the lOrii, ti;? d; i-
ion of IJodes nnd Kimaour, J'miv'm i at day
light, down the turnp'k.0 toWiid Martina
burs; the cavalry briad of y.iugf.u nr d
McCau&lacd being iu the fr.rt. Tijoe;i:i y
were encout.tend a aintt di-tatic: Ifl.w
Bunker Hill, ami a lively pkirtj-dh J" i-r.r j
shotiters was kpt up for some time, imril Mir
artiliery got up and op-.!!.l, w'.icu 'h- Yan
kees, with a ready pliaiuy, h.wi to r if Id tlo
grrtund. Chir trer,jv: pie-.vrd on. ti.n
ecemy Ml lv to Martin-burg", i ''i-.w : of
teu miles. Th ?s n eith-v i enH te
hcnuill. 'J 'he two divisions f infantry en
camped for the might at Bmker Hid. I to
lumu this rnee ou the p i rt f Gen. fcisriy
was simply a recono'arce in fire Tuesday
rnvmiog we ft-1! l ck t this plat tend sit
dowu once more in eur 1 1 camp.
During tho pad wetk tne enemy burnt two
Mills in Jefferson county, but a lew rode
from eur front. Numbrrsif the citizens cf
Jefferson and Ci-tike have 1jo:i arretted by
them and carried 'of? as priv. iters. It vec-in
to be purely a Yankee invention, that as th-v
are afraid to fight the young men in the field,
it is caitr to make war up n th o'd men,
women nnd children ; a-ul that ven this cow
ardly work may lm ma lo easy, they have ad
ded thereto the savage practice of burning
property, and arewil'ii g thnt all th wi.rM
may know that such fiendish conduct la not
incompatible with Yar lty? cLaracUr.
The weather is very wet ; the health of tho
army good, and all in fine fpuils.
You s a eve
SIGMA.
Cxnr ots Nosth CAaoLtKA Cavakt,
iv-nt. 4tb, 18U5.
At a meeting ef tL ofiiccra ot thla Uegircnf,
near Stony Crek, Va., Capt. A'. I'. Katikin Lar
iBg been called to the Chair, and Idut. S. A.
Grier requested to act ad Secretary,' on eiotiuo,
the Chair appointed the lollewiog gtbtlewa a
committee to draft resolution aptefie of tt.
aenee cf the meeting in regard to the i atk "f Ut
Lieutenant Sa n't liASsaa, of Oiuratj I, u :
Capt. t. t Shaw, J.ieuU. U. J. Moore and C. W.
Pearson. After retirir.?, the conioitt re.
ported tbe following preamble and rcwlatiouf
which were unanimously adoptwd :
Wuibkas, We have ausUiycd a great ioas in tbe
death of Lient. Hanner, wh wai lr.ortally wound
ed on the Sd day of Jane, at llawa Shop, while
gallantly leading a charge oa the eneiay'a woi ka
at that place, and who died on the 15th of the
lame month ; therefore
tetolved 1st. That in tb eeatn ef LieuteaaDt
Hanner, tbe country has lt abi avaii patriotic
defender, the Regiment a cktlifal aad eticivnt
officer, and we a kind and generous heat ted ton-
E anion, who br hia coolaeaa aad dariog In actios,
is patient and cheerful eadaraoce ot the hard
ships of the toilaoaoe luarcb, and the many pri ra
tions of the soldier's life, won the confidence of
his superior officers aa wall aa those oader hia im
mediate command, in a degree which few posacas ;
while his gentlemanly Intercom, hia eclat qual
ities and nniform kindaeaa of heart, secure for
him the esteem and friendabip f all his com-
K.ntnna in irml
? 2d, That we tecder to hii bereaved
family and friends ear lircere ij mpathy ia tbeir
deep affliction, reminding them that while It m
aiwaya honorable te die lor our country, he fell
where tke tree seldiar would wuh te fall in front
of his command. , .
H-olU Zdt That a copy of these resolution
be sent to his family, and also te the Raleigh
CoeUrf sad Greeabero, CUu for pabU-
et10 SAT. P. RANKIN, C'h'ma.
S. JL Damn, Sec'j.
- - - -
r