THE CONFEDERATE
A. M. GO UMAX & CO., Proprietors.
THE CONFEDERATE.
ADVERTISING-.
ADVFRTlSEME.TSwm be Inserted it mats
bollais per square of ten lines (or lea) for each
iaeertion. Marriage notice- and obltoartea will b e
charge a- edTertkemcTita. .
JOB WORK.
JOB WORK f every dcacripUoo will be x
ecated at tbie Office with dbpateh, aod as seatlr
as can be done anywhere In the Soothers CW
ederacy. .
la
liv
TERMS :
DAILY EDITION, for 6 months.
tt 3 44
a 1 "
TR I-WEEKLY, for 6 months.
$15
9
3
10
5
5
D
CVPFKT.V KDITIO-V. for 6 month.. ..
No ?uo.crirtioTi will be receded on any other
terms than the above, nor for a longer or shorter
rat'EK
If
VOL. 1. RALEIGH, WEDNESDAY, MAY 4, 18G4. i no. 14
r i in i i . . - -. -. ' 4
Change in Our Terms.
The enormous increase in pric? of all articles
aud labor necessary to carry on our business,
compU us t make an advance in our prices.
The ttrtr s of ti e Confederate will therefore,
lroin tliis date, as follows:
For the Daily, fix months - -"
" " three " - -'
44 one 44 - -
For tlv Tri-wcckly, six months -4.
. three '
For the Weekly, six months
3 00
10 00
6 00
5 00
A -lv'-rtisements 3 per squ ire of ten lines,
cr Ics.
What or Ihe Hour?
In the womb of thej future anu near by the
hour of tli. ir birth, lie events u-hose develop
ment ha.M tyll tor weal or wo on our people
and nr nUi n. Tn-y will either bring to us a
speodv pence, or they will bid us begirt ourselves
lor further labr., more trying endurances,
more ardum duties than ever. In a very
short space of time new, we shall thank our
Almighty F.ither for the blessings of victory,
or we shall mourn under Hs dispensing rtxl
the afilrcti n of dofoat.
The hts are marshaling the separated
masses ara aggregating an 1 pressing to the
frot.t. Th-i commands of public sentiment at
the North, the crisis of the hour with our foe,
l is internal discords, his previons divisions,
the dt alii nil weiglft of his national debt, the
temper And state of mind of his pjople, all
bet -ken internal danger closo at hand, and
imp.'l to a desperate manure tor the recovery
of lost ground, trim which again assurance
may be given of the probable success of his
invasion. StinCP itd by these demands and
by the additional pressure of foreign events
and complications, the Yankee Government
has stiained its every nerve for the capture of
our capital, and to this end has put under the
leal of a new leader, a new "idol of the hour,"
its army of the Potomac, wish an order for
'onto Uichmon-l" nvr j imperatively urged
than ever hefjr. (Jen. Graut has taken com
mand of its army with uostiuted dUcreiion,
and the reliance is put on his power of com
Inning immerse numbers on his pushing ob
stinacy and boldness and 01 his luck to ac
orn plish what lcl. veli, McClellan and their
successors have so th ro Jhiy fa:led in. Grant
has s-t about his operations with industry,
dispatch and appircntco- fi lencc. Undoubt
edly heavy reinf orceaients have been brought
to his assistance. Generals of his own selec
tion have been placed under his immediate
command, while others, long associated with
the army of the Potomac, hive been transfer
red to other points. Toe inlication from all
this is, that he mans to make his graud defi
nite test bsfore Richmond. At the sam time
the army of the Cu n'oerland is uot idle :
Sherman coafronts Gen. Johnston at a closer
range, and tie signs betoken early movements.
Thee stupendous inovc-iuouU will be made
with all the force that the enemy is capable
of mustering. Every effort to inspire confi
dence will be made by an appeal to formida
ble numbers, to the uovelty of fresh command
ers, and to the prestige of Gen. Grant; and
Ave may look for an onslaught as fierce, as
heavy and determined as the concentrated en
ergy, necessity and anxiety of the enemy can
furnish.
To encounter these preparations, our Gov
ernment has put forth, too, its energies. Gen.
Lee awaits the day of his action, cool, active
and resolved. His array is full of hope, full
of confidence, full of determination. His
men are in better plight, better feelinT?, than
the army has ever been ; and what is of far
more value, the soldiers are more thoroughly
imbued with the character of the contest, and
the gravity of the tak imposed on them, than
ver. They will fight to win and will know
Co other determination.
In view of this tremendous crisis just be
fore us, the dread necessity, the imposing
demand upon our resources, tee have done all
we could to strengthen the arm of the gov
ernment. We have forebornc fault-finding;
we have said no word to discourage or dis
content; we have lost sight of all other in
terests, prejudices tfr part ialities ; absorbed in
the coming emergency. With an eye ever fixed
ca the claims of our country and her necessi
ties, we have steadily endeavored to "put I
all into the Jield tehoarenot more usefuV
ho are not more usefuV at
Lome. Wc have urged tho withdrawal of
those ideas of State rights, so inappropriate in
times like these, and only serviceable to aid
those who would escape 4the duties which
they owe to the nation: not because we dis
favor State rights, but the more effectually to
secure them. We pushed the matter of
conscription, not to withdraw those needed
t home, but to secure those who are useless
t;re to fill the army, because we Veil knew
that oftimes mighty battles are turned in
their tide by individual action. One man
frequently saves the State by h"t3 valor and
devotion.
NVe have done our duty. Whatever" be
fcie, no wilful fault will be at our door.
Aud now the clear duty of bur people is to
prepare their minds and hearts to meet the
event, whatever may befaH us, with becom
ing self-possession, prudence and courage meet
for the solemnity and importance of the occa
sion. It were a christian obligation to be
seech with continual invocation the Divine
j presence with our army, and the aid of the
Almighty power iu our behalf. Let the voice
! of boastful arrogance and presumptuous self
Si 5 00 ' 0 11
I confidence be hushed before the mighty events
9 0 j now rapidly approaching completion. Let
the popular miud be comprised and calm,
touched by the influences whielwpervz.de the
times, and tit r una to a harmony with the
im ponding incidents. .
If we triumph, it will be a glorious, deci
sive victory. Independence will be virtually
accomplished, and the end may be seen of.
this bloody invasion.
If disaster befall our arms, then will come
the time to try our souls; then, if the nation
be great in heart, in spirit and in mind, we
shall meat the dread ordeal, not to cower be
fore it, but to pass through it. We do cot
stake our all on these battles so soon to come
on. If they result against us, then new
rigor, new determination mut spring out of
defeat, and all the moral courage of the na
tion must be iuvoked to sustain and uphold
us.
In the meantime our canse reposes in the
skill of onr leaders upon the strong arms
of our hardy and veteran soldiers and de
pends upon the power and aid of Almighty
God..
Bondsmen.
Mr. Holden says that we, the Editors of this
paper, arc the " bond servants of a secret body
of stockholders, and can express no opinion of
our own.' 'The people donot agree with him.
Thoy think ours quite an independent jour
nal, ami they patronize us on account if it.
Mr. floldeu's frieudsfind us also too indepen
dent for their comfort, and are destined to bo
still further convinced in this opinion. Mr.
Holden has never been remarkable for his
enjoyment of freedom, seeing that ho has been
the employee aud -bond-servant of party for
twenty years.
The public see no impropriety in a number
of gentlemen joining in the'establitdimenl of a
press to Tfpp..rt their view? ; nor will they
discover any thing wrong iu their selection of
one or more of their stockholders as the KdtCOrs
of the journal. The ablest and most indepen
dent joifrnals of the Confederacy are thus
established. Confidential business circulars
between -gentlemen so associated, hear no rela
tion in point of morals and honesty with secret
and clandestine issues of one's own organ,
professedly suspended ; issues Waring a falee
datt and differing in their matter, though of
the same date to suit diiTgreut lattitudes.
But Mr. Holden very complacently says, the
Standard was established aud is sustained on
its merits by the people." This is not the
fact. The people had -nothing to do with es
tablishing the Standard. We happen to know
all about Mr. Holder? first connection with that
paper, as we do of his earliest political history.
We do not care to open it up. It was not
creditable enough to be a matter of boast, and
it was not so discreditable that it ought to be
judged as harshly as some have since judged it.
If one searches for the merits " of the
Standard and Mr. Holden, it would depend very
much who looked for them where the search
would be made: whether in their support of
Douglass or Breckinridge, or their abandonment
of both; for they did support both and did
abandon both. Whether in their support of
Mr. Davis or their abandonment of him ; for
they have done both. Whether in their espousal
of tke war or in their denunciation of it ; for
they have done both. Whether in their support
of Gov. Vance or their betrayal of him ; for they
have done both. One thing is 6ure, whatever
of merits may be found, the opposing demerits
counterbalance, and outweigh, and leave Mr.
Holden at last what every man in the State
almost at one time or another baa pronounced
him a scheming, contriving politician: who
through every variety of twist and torn, has
pursued an idea SELr ! subordinating principle
in its behalf, at the expense of friend, party,
or country, as they have respectively stood in
his way.
Without art, except to impose on the poor
and ignorant, he has managed to stir strife
between classes of society, aud to grow a bene
fit to Mr. Holden froui this pernicious plant
ing. It is not surprising to see Mr. Holden,
as a candidate, reject ah the established pre-
cedents and set np a new and less reputable
system. This accords with a political habit ,
poll
of long training, so thoroughly fixed, that art,
stratagem and intrigue are as inveterate neces
sities to him, as drink is to the inebriate.
Mr. Holden has it in his power to disarm the
public conviction with reference to his issue
of two sets of papers of the same date lor dif
ferent localities, and' of secretly circulating
bis paper, while withholding it from his ex
changes. If he does so, he knows we will
do him justice. If not, he must be content to
abide the result of such unworthy proceeding.
The Jolive branch in one hand and the sword
in the other,' (remarks the LaGrange Bulk
tin,) is fast playing out. ' The branch has
withered under the cold rebuke of common
sense, and the sword is rendered sharper for
the conflict which alone can win us an endur-
ing peace.
SUll Unavailing.
The mortal straggle between Mr. Holden on
one side, and Gov. Brown and Mr. Stephens pn
tiie other he fighting to get on thir platform,
they to kep him off is becoming ludicrously
exciting, and bids fair to divert the attention of
the public from Gov. Vnnce and concentrate it
upon these amusing tusslers.
The last emphatic rejection of Mr. Holden's
pretensions, is from the Atlanta InteUtgenccr,
which being one of Gov. Brown's organs, knows
his position and clearly defines iC Indeed they
seem to b .perfectly acquainted with Mr.
Holden, and are as careful to -voitnr arfTsiGcer has received at the hands of the Presi-
they possibly can be :
' While the Governor repeats his views that
efforts must be made by the civil as well as the
military power to close the war, he emphatically
repudiates the unconstitutional doctrine ad
vocated Hy Hjldeu and. other malcontents of
the South. In referring to the State, Governor
Brown says that neither her people at homf,
her gallant troops in the field who have so lomr
borne the privations and the hardships of the
camp, nor her government, has any intention to
ignore thejfjonfederacy nor open negotiations as
a separatetate.' "
They repudiate his doctrine and him, and
announce for Gov. Brown a position diametrical
ly the opposite. But does this still the clamor
of Mr. Holden ? Not at all. He cries so much
the more "ever yours truly yours identi
cally yours oh ! take me, I implore thee,"
and all other like and similar assurances and
entreaties. But it won't do. The differences
we have again and agaug repeated. Gov.
Brown and Mr. Holden are no more alike,
politically, than an oyster and an aligator.
Gov. Brown and 'Mr. Stephens, despite their
follies, seek no separate action for Georgia to
cut her loose from her sisters ; while Mr. Holden
has explicitly advocated the separate action of
North Carolina. ' iX-
Mr Stephens and Gov. Brown have no in
tention to ignore the Confederacy ; "Mr.
Holden has explicitly "igsorko" it; declaring
the right of North Carolina to treat by Con
vention." And he has done more: he has as
serted the right and advocated the propriety of
44 withdrawing or modifying the power of Jhe
Confederacy, in the matter of negotiation, so
as to allow a State to demand terms for herself :
and but for the last Congress, Mr. Holden
would have to-day been iu full blas't. His per
nicious purpose would not have been stayed by
the terrible events now about to transpire ; but
even now, in tho very crisis of our destiny, he
would Have been blatant for his Convention, and
the State would have been iu the throes of a
fierce and furious agitation.
By the action of Congress, Mr. Hulden would
have been by this time politically dead and
buried out of sight, but for Gov. Brown and
Mr. Stepheus, who galvanized him. And they
both will never be able to shake off association
with Mr. Holden, however they may desire it.
Like Eugene Sue's characters in the Mysteries
of Paris They three are partuers."
Death of Wilson W. Wkitaker, Esq.
We regret to leara that this gentleman died
at his residence near this city, on the night of
the 24th iust.. Mr. Whitaker was an enter
prising, public-spirited man, and has filled
many important public trust4 with fidelity,
and credit to himself. Asa legislator, magis
trate, citizen, he was faithful, exemplary and
useful, in his private relations, he was an
affectionate husband a jd father, ajid a kind
neighbor. Mr. Whitaker leaves an inter
esting famllyapd numerous friends and rela
tives to deplore his loss.
The funeral services over bis remains will
take place at the late residence of Mr. Whit
aker, to-day, at 10 o'clock.
The Coptrast.
Spring Campaign.
- Cheering to oar Side.
The failure of Sherman.
The victory of Olustee.
Spriso Campaign.
Cheering to the .Yankees.
The Message of Gov.
Brown.
The speech of Mr. Ste
phens. The victory of Okalona.
The failure at Charleston.
The capture of Paducah.
The "putting up" of Mr.
The storming of Fort
Holden.
Pillow.
The caDture of Plymouth
The defeat of Banks.
This is the account balanced up to this date
of the Spring CafiipCSgn ; and a clear profit
on our side.
An officer but recently returned from Geor
gia reports the sentiment of the people there
as greatly outraged by the recent utterances
of Messrs. Brown and Stephens. ' Other
sources of information concur to the same ef
fect. The press of Georgia, so far as our. ex
changes are concerned, Tory generally ex
press "the same assurances. The principal ex
ception is a paper in Augusta the Chronicle,
conducted by a Yankee ou Yankee principles.
The General Assembly of the Presbyterian
Church in the Confederate States of America,
will meet in the Presbyterian Church at
Charlotte, N. C, on the first Thursday of May,
1864, at 11 o'clock, A. M. The opening ser
mon will be preached by the Rev. James A.
Lyons, D. D., the moderator of the last As
sembly. '
The notorious 'Brownlow advises that every
Southern man, including ministers of the gos
pel, especially those of the Methodist Episco
pal Church, should be driven out of East Ten
nessee, or put to death. '
We have not received the Fayetteville
Carolinian, containing the continuation of
Gov. Vance's Speech. Hence its non-appearance
this morning in the Confederate.
Hajor General Iloke.
The Preident, immediately on hearing of the
capture of Plymouth, ent General JRokr the
following dispatch : - , .-.
" Brigadier .General Hole :
In the name of the Confederacy, I thank
you for your sneoess. You are Major General
from the date of the capture of Plymouth.
Signed Jkefrrso Davis."
General Hokb was the junior Brigadier in
Pickstt's division.
It will be seen by the abov gratifying an-
ncuncemeutr which we take from the Rich-
mondiavjtr, that this distinguished
dent a prompt recognition of his valuable
service iu the capture of Plymouth. President
Davis has for a. long time been determined
uponthe re-occupation of Eastern North
Carolina, and when his efforts in our behalf
-come to be known, a grateful people will
appreciate his solicitude.
We have not as yet heard all the particnlars
of the affair at Plymouth so as to be able to
notice the part boi ne "by our other gallant !
officers and men. It is stated that Brig. Gen.
Ransom, with his command, made a brilliant,
and telling charge, and that Kemper's B ig
ade performed an important part in the affair
Nor have we as yet heard a word of Capt.
5k, who commanded our gunboat. We
know him to be a bold, dashing, determined
officer, and are sure he was in the right place.
But to return to Gfti. Hoke. This is the
officer who a few days ago Mr.. Hol.Jen,
through the Progress, endeavored to bring
into public odium: causing him Jo be de
nounced as a ' military oppressor," who
without just necessity, was holding under
arrest the citizens of the country, and who
showed no manifestation to give them a hear
ing. Just in the moment-when Gen Hoke
was organizing his plans fr the redemption
of our invaded territory, thrse two Mr.
Holden and 4 'John, the rascal, "as the othr
organ, Joy, the Yankee, calls hirg fct afloat
an accusation, stigmatizing our gallant leader,
endeavoring to bring him inrf disrepute, to
forfeit to him the confidence of his men, and
render useless his eminent abilities and .all
this reckless hazarding of our best interest, is
done tor the most selfish purpose! Noi that
the two- nave an iota of regard for the con- I
- . - . a 1
fincvi j.!fer-, jt iuifHy to ncrp "Btr, lio.ueil
to a few votes. And so it is, d;iy by day the
fair name and fame of North Carolina is
lowered throughout the land, by- the ever
lasting thrtistif .g of this obscure but notorious
partizau politician before the public eyr, in
all sorts of attitudes except the only oue
where he and " John " would make a proper
appearance that of soldjnrs serving their
country. Of all the men in the State,, Mr.
Holden, and the edit.-ir, and co-owner of the
Progress ought to be in the ranks.
Mr. Holden p'edged nimelft when he
pledged the 44 last man ' for .he is emphati
cally 4 the last." ' John " ouidit to go back,
because his ill health prevented his having
an opportunity before, and he is not satis
fied; and the, co owner falls under the pledge
of the last dollar, as near as possible. If it
had been the last dime, he would unques
tioually have been included. No such specta
cle was ever presented in any couutry,as that
which North Carolina exhibits. That a man
who has not been in the sound of a camion,
hag not for a moment suffered disturbance io
his business by the war, has not seen the
foe, has not spent a night away from his
famijy on account of the enemy, has not
lost a particle of property, but has beeu "com
fortable and protected alb the tim-3 that this
man, after a long coutiuued denunciation of
the Government and all of its measures, after
striving his best to defeat the very measures
of legislation which all the chief military
officers united in saying were absolutely es
sential to the success of the cause, should be
permitted,, at the very time when the most
vital, Important and decisive campaigu is
about to begin, should be permitted, we say,
to "put himself up," above the oountry.and
above our cause, and gathering around him
his crew of malcontent, agitators, tories and
deluded victims, to stir up strife, dissension
and agitations, and all for self self ! It is
worderful, amazing, that a pecple should be
so meek and submissive,, or Government
should be so forbearing t Especially wken j
they have the evidence against him any day J
which would justify the prevention of his evil
f designs : but not the least of the wilfal, pre
meditated purposes, of evil which these agita
tors bore, was this assault on Gen. Hoke.
The people of North Carolina the poor
people, as they are callel do not know, Mr.
Holden as well as we do. By constant reitera
tion, he has created an iSea that he is a
people's man ; and he and his elan claim to be
especial champions of the people. ' He has not
the first pretension to this title. v No ally of
his can lay his hand on the first act of hia of
disinterested saerifiee for the good of the
people. If his monument were inscribed to
morrow, troth could not utter a panegyric in
his behalf on this score. Indeed he U like all
other politicians of his class most loud in
boasts, but most silent in sets. If he will go
and take a musket and fight one battle, ha will
perform useful action, and we will make a
note of it. ,
Bween this and the adjournmentof Congress,
Mr. noMen and more besides him are destined
to-see an4 hVar some things which they dinot
know were out. The success of Rihab and her
hon-c, grew cmLof the seige of Jericho : twt if
J ericho is not beseiged, if the beselglng army is
u.iu umvi UK imu oeiore . mey get elose
enough to Rhab and her family to fulfill the
promise, then how? Why, Rahab an! her
family may nad themselves- uncomfortably
situated.
A torpedo is sboat to explode We would
warn men who have been deceived ! into a tSun
gero'ie act to be prosecuting steps looking"
to the?- escape from the perU. La ike vise
man take herd!
Why Should there be Starvation?
We appenjj a table of receipts by the Collec
tor in the 3rd District, and also the Assessor's
es-timatea He who will take the trouble to
calculate from the figures givrn, on the basin of
a population in the District of 75j000 to 80,000,
will discover thst there has been rawed of
produce, besides the tenth part paid jto Govern
ment: Corn, 900:600 bushels.
Wheat, 17,730
Rye,. " 19,170 .
Rice, 232, 23 44
Sweet Potatoes, 228,024
So that there i twelve bushels of corn, about
a peck of wheat, the same of rye, hree pounds -of
rice and three bushels f potatoes to every
mouth.
Besides this, there is the reservation of fifty
bushels of sweet and fifty of Irish potatoes, one."
hundred bushels of corn or fifty of wheat, and
twenty of pens by each farmer ; and' then there
is a further addition of all those small farmers -who
do not enough to be assessed at all :
and the fact is demonstrated to rf mathematical
certainty, that there is no lack of provisions in
that District, but an abundance to spare.
We would be gbd if the proper officers will
furnish 419 Information from the other Districts,
01- the benefit of the people. Look further at
the table which we present: ovtr three hundred
thou -and pounds of bac w ami pork in the month
of March paid in ! This is one-tenth, exclaaive
of the reservations by reason of the estimate of
sixty pounds of b.con to 'one hundred of pork.
The remaining i.iue parts amount to tlnee
millions of pound in the DUtrir.t, or about
.-- j- miiii'c 10 crrj liioTuu- man, woman anl
child besides brf, poultry, siUoAges, rgjrs,
fish an) gniue. This result if reaehe l. with the.
population of the whole District emulated ;
while Carteret au J Craven counties, both oc
cupicd by the enemy, arc uot included, in the
resources estimated ; nor are Onslow and Jones.
We have never doubted that there is food
enough in the land, accessible, if not hoarded,
to feed our penpV, and keep them from want
We have d mbted, but. we rtgret to s?ay that
each day retnows the doubt, hat- the scarcity
is to be attributed to unpatriotic hoarding, and
this, together with a want of proper confidence
in the government, causes the high, exorbitant,
ruinous prices.
It is more in the interest of the farmers to
remedy this evil thin of ayy one else. If the
future brings heavy taxation, perhaps worse, it
will be attributed to this imposition of high
prices on necessaries ; and in that day of reckon
ing, the originators of the evil will be ferreted
out; and on their heads will fall the burden.
But see the following table :
Goi.DsnoKo', April 23, 18G4.
,CoL. D. K. McRae Dear Sir ; In com
pliance with my promise, I send you a state
ment, showing the amount of tithes in the
3d Coifgresonal District, (including two
counties of the 2 l.y as shown by tho Assessor'
estimate. Bear io mind that from Carteret
county and Craven, we do not realize much,
and have no estimates, and that a ' part of
Onslow and Jones are declared " impractical
ble," and are, therefore, 'turntd over to the
District collector, to be collected in their
money value; and that the estimates for im
practicable Districts" arc uot included in Jhe
following amounts. I do not fix priced a
you requested, because I do not know; what
tuey wero in peace uraes.
Very respectfully,
I.
Sweet Potatoes, 25,336 Bushel-.
Irish Potatoes, 122 44
Corn, 107,410
Wheat, 1,070
Oats, . ,694 44
Rye, 1,130
Rioe, JS,647 Pounds.
Hay, 27,316 44
Fodder, 2,3S7,52 4
Cotton, -35,573 44
Wool, 4,207 "
Tobacco, 237 44 -
Peas, OftOBoshebj.
Ground Peas, - 3 19 '4
Assessor a estmmatea for Bacon not- in.
Of this article, eur Agents report 293,665
pounds, and 9,606 poands salt pork, making
an aggregate of 303,271 .pounds collected in
the month of March alone.
The Goldaboro' Journal of yesterday, says
twenty-two hundred of the white Yankee pris
oners captured by Gen. Hoke, at Plymouth)
will pass through this place to-day en, route '
for their Confederate lodgings at Americns,
Ga. They reached IJpcky Mount late ye-
terday evening.
Helping Themsxltxs. V7e are informed
that twenty-three sacks of meal, deposited at
Centre Depot, to be sent to a distillery in Ire
dell county to be converted into whisky, were
seized by soma females in that neighborhood
last week, and distributed to those in fant of
bread. This meal was to be turned into whis
key in violation Of law and without' regaid to
the present urgent demand for bread, hence
the decisive action of the woaea iff the mat-
ter. Charlotte Democrat.
Col. Janes M.Whltsoa Killed by Da&alors.
By a letter that ougAt to h 1 e rjach-d tn
sfverd d.iys since, we ate inforjneil if th 1
drmtti-of this brave aud meritorious ofneer.
He was at home, iu Currituck comity, on tor
hingh his hode was surrounded by Buffa
loes' at night, an4 he attempted to make his
escape, when he washat and struck by three
balls, and killcd. This was aUmt the llth
or I5h ioBt,t
These are al the par ictil.irs we hive re
crivc d of this sad affair. We hope the ras
m couuties will soon be cleared of the Yan
kee alhcand protectors of this infamoui htrd
of Buffaloes, when the loyal citiVna will
hive au opportunity of .".taking their own
aflairsinto their own html" inflicting
Mimm uy justice upon them. There is a fear
ful day of retribution in shiw for them ; and
not only these, but . m i.uy others who esteem
thcinsolves-out of harm's wty, fir in the rr,
too cowardly to take up arms, or shoot a Con
federato soldier a la Buffaloc, but n no the
less dangeroii in plotting m'schief and sow
ing tho seeds of discord and strife.
I
Sbreveport Virtorjr Confirmed.
A S.irgon who arrived at Kom G; on the
1 8 tli , from Ja' k?on, Wt st Tennessee. Gen.
Fortest's Headquarters, says that the day I e
foro he left, full particulars had been received
at JacUou, through the MtrU Bulletin, of
the rcccA Yankee defeat near Shreveoit,
and that they admit a los of from twelve tn
ffteen thousand men. This, he statif, may
be relied on. Inrnuse th Memphis (Ytik.)
Bulletin is particuJai ly cartful 11. t tovt r-ot -male
Yankee looses.
The nam.? ge.tleman reports that For rent
had. when he left him, Mwtn v-ren and
ci-kht thousand m -ti.ni.d that 'oiei'." w re rap
idly orgn:zin through that pntof Tnn r.
so to j in him. lie niadc a hpprch t th-j
citizens 1 I i r ntu, in which be : .am rid them
that he wo-11 now hold that taction of th
State, unless a very large. infa-itry force fbould
It H-nt against him. Thegreatt-ht eMhiihi imii
pnails among. Forrest's men, nl gl.uluM
and joy swell the buom.f all true men and
women in that s cioii of the Slntc.
Feasting, thr . , .
. vrropoudi-nt, rH. T., Co. F, 1th N. C
Cnvalry, " give- us a glowing nccount (w hich wc
haronot roopi for in full) nf a era ivi IVstival
furnished the 4th N. C Cavalry I;- the citizens
of Oxford ou the 18th inst. This r gimeut whs
about taking up its line Of march for Virginia,
after a recruiting service, and the citixens took
occasion to thue compliment and encourage the
war-worn veterans of that cominai;d. The
table wa fillcl with ?ubst ant'oil. niiddcbcacit.
to which ample juaticc was done. After which
the young Indies of the Oxford Female Ci-Mi ge
fiirnilu'd them with a rich uiumcaI t utrrtniu
ment'thnt pent the Mood a-tinglin: wi'h pat
riotic ardor through every vein. Cupid-wan
about also, onr correspondent says, and placed
sad havoc wiNi hearts and darts "
Much gratitude is expressed that day pro
mised never to be forgotten, ar.d the remem
brance that it is for these lovely fair ones they
! fight, arill add renewed courage to their hearts
aud vigor to their arm, when they meet tbr
vile invader who comes jo entdavc and degrade
them.
,.....
The General Synod of tho Kvangelical
Lutheran Church, Confederate S'atcs, will
hold its second aunml Convention at Oraroo
Church, Rockville, Rowan county, N. C, on
; ThurMlay, May 12, 18G4, before tho third
: Sundayn May.
' - -
List of Wourtdcd.
Through the kimluess of Doctor Hunt,
(says (he Goldsboro' Jourmil,) we are enabled
to lay before our readers this mnruin; a list
of foity of the woundcl, wh 1 purtici tested iu
the late battle at Plymouth, aud were receiv
ed iu the General Hospital in .thi place, oi
tho 2ti 1 inst. We arc informed by the Doctor
that th,?y arc all very slightly wounded aud
are doing well.
List of Wounded received at General Hospital
No. 3 , Goldsboro1 , N. C.f on the 22nd inst .
Sixth N. C. Rkoiment Company A.,
Private; J. E. Borden; company 1J, Privates
J, E. Saunders, J. Tcllery and A. Weavil;
company C, Sergeant J. K Lyon, IMvate
John McOee; company E, Private E Pittm.no;
compaey F, E. Nelson ; company U, Private
F. Page ; company I, Privates John Childress
and A. B. Ephraim; company K, Privates
E. P. Hyatt and John Recce.
Eiohth N. C. Reqiment. -Company I,
Brivate A. Boggs. .
TwsKTY-FtaaT N. C. Regiment. Com- '
pany D, Prirate J. C. Boy Us; company F.,
Private A. King; conipiny H, Privates
W. W. Aahburn and Jno. Martin; company
I, Cv H. Boy les; company K, Private Ct
Flvna. -
THtBTr-FlrTH N. C. 'Regiment. Compa
ny A, Private J. A. Costin; company C,
Private Neal Smith. "
FoBTY-THIBD N. C. ilEQIMKMT.-Company.
A, Privates L. R. Grisham aod L. J. Qainn ;
company E, Private A. W, Simmons; com
pany F, Private J. ' H. Wood ; company II,
Private W.. J. Asbcraft j company K, Private
W.H.Heeka. .
Fi ft y- Sixth N.C. Reg imest. Company
A, Private K. Setton; company B, Private
tir If J r . s t r;i
. nanov, company u, ljieut. n. n
Privates J . R. Miller and G. W. Montgomery;
company G. Private El Carlton.
' . Twehtt-FhtGedsoia Rkgimxnt Com
pany F, Private .W. B. Phillips ; company
O, Private L, W. Jones.
TwaNTf-FouaTH. ViaoTNia REomvrjtT.-l-Companf
B, Trivate II. A. lletts,
BaAOroao's (Miss.) Autillery, T. L.
Russell.