d
TflE. CONFEDERATE.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY IS, lfettf.
We were considering tho unakgy bctweeu
our cendiiion and that of ibo Unmans alter the
battle of Canc, aud were conjecturing in odr
mind whether Congrtss and the people would
prove themselves worthy of independence, as
did the Ivemau Senate and people in those -clays
vhich trieel mens souls,' when. we "found the
samccurrcnt cf thought l ad teen engaging
the attention of uurc.is.ieinpor.iry of the South
ern Confederacy, and we adopt uis s,entimcntj v
as out own: ,
Nil Debtee and cm. After Ihe fatal bat
tie of Cauua3, the Cans til Varro, with ;he
wreck of the Romm army, hsteu'cd o the
Capital, which he bsdived would oe immedi
ately attacked by the. victorious Ilaunibai.
Out cf the powerful Roman array which went
into action, ouiy ien t-tom-'auu men coma
he collect at the gate.-; .': the city. Forty
a
thousand dead 11 'mo;?-: i ay on Vrl(- ba;ll-b lfb
Rome had no araiy in t;c tie! it. The war had
gwue on fnr year-', an 1 i-r-iiy after army had
ueen destroyed in buccs.don ly tho Cartha
gi uian In.ro ; and njw, tLn cruwidug nisastcr
seemed to lay th: power d liue at the eery
feet ..f the cou'pr ror.
The Uoman donate, an-dd t.;e general con
sternation, displayed a heroic spirit which
saved the Republic. T.vy oidend thu odes
of the city to be si.ul, hvithe t xaggerateel
reports of the fugi 'ives (.ova the elifeafctroua
battle field should i:.cio.io the centra! alum.
The womcu wr;re oi;eid to leinain in their
house, It-st. thir cil-s cr I laraen,ati..ns
sh'uhi dishearten tii w.';t -.- einty isiow
became to cast aside too incrmitic: of age and
defend the city. The Sjaaors moved every
where, iitul by their firm counsels and Uridi--maveu
deportment, strove te the utmost to -instil
courage into ail hearts. Wh?n Varru
approached tlie city with the jha't-ire-i r ni
naut of his army, ii sum.; of upbraiding him
fur the rashness which h;:d lost the battle of
Cant a?, the U uian Senate nut him and
thanked him s !cmu!y hevm hz had not de
spaired of the UepiSic. '
The result ia known, a1 -d -will tive always '
on the pages of heroic hUtory. The y.v. r v.-as
reuewed.by the uneoeq'n'd Ramans. A'ter
long years of struggle and bhod, the i;n a u-rs
of Italy were driver buck to their hr.ie ; .end
finally Rome destroyed her great nvul A
momeut of despomLncy by t'u; Senate at the
critical moment, aLd Rjiuo would have per
ished. The situation ef'the Confederate States tbjs
day is infinitely more hopeful tbau that of
Rome in that dark critts. Yhile v. e s7.y thiiv
we do Lot deny that the events of ihe war
within the patt few weeks have been damag
ing and dangrreus in the extreme. 1'he
position of Sherman menaces the pupply of
food to the Army of Tiiptda, ou which our
occupation of Virginia, depends. An i li od's
disaterin Middle Te:.r;c.-ee leaves the icto
rift:s army ef Tliomasto follow onr sl.atlered
l;ions vhithers.)Cer l!cy wili. Such is the
present pioepect. Bii w- FM.st ni vcr desiair.
To despair w to subrit to be tr. ddm under
- foot by the bai!j:htv aid hl-o indt e! d Yan
kce, to 16io yur pers vual rtb jrt-, perhaps t
lose our livty, and ctrtaiuiy to io.-e wh;it i
more important tfian Yu- hself our honcr.
If anything v.-ere wanting in the picture, it
is that justice is hanJlydoto to the Raman Sen
ate On the motion of Fal iu?, each Senator
was invested with the power of a rnagjstratr.
They were to prevent all lamentativ'iis to
tncy sliould pass lesciutiots m favor .t peace
the mbassadors of Hannibal, weje refused
an audier.ee. and iheScnate occuj.ied itself
hourly in taking all step:; pers-ibie for the
safety of Roni. It. aas at this ir:e that
ye-ung Wcipio, bearing that Mt!c!s hsd f.,rmed
the design of flyini trocn Italy, despairing of
the Republic, stood over him nith a drawn
sword, and made hint 'swear that he v.ould
neither desert the Republic m r al.Sow others
to do to. Not only were n.-.-w levies ;riicr(d
to fill the ranks which had been thinned by
the heavy losses in battle, Gut hut right thou
sand slaves were purchased font (fair masters-,
to serve as light troojts, while a I the excaiptt?,
and those incapable of serving in the Rjnan
Legions, as insolvent (hirers, prist ncr.s, &a,
were enrolled. By this ti.ne Cj ua. ti e y.ec
. ond citv of the Republic, had on : ed ir r;itis
tollancibal, and all Southern Italvhad deelar
ed in his favor. The Senate of No!a, feaiirg a
like disgraceful capitutatiun, sent f r Marcel
who threw himself into the citv, and a
succestful 5ally repulsed Ilan: ibal from ti e
gates. Ho then Svuz-d a.d extcuted tcventj'
persms suspected, ar.d entrenched himself
strongly in a fix; d e.-.mp'i.ear the eiy.
Without further reci'al of what is common
histoiieal iecldint, sv.f:ice to say, Rome was
saved by the heroic action i f he Senate, by its
prompt a?id vigorous measures. Aod this is
what wanecd now strong atnl decisive action '
by Cougrefs porr.e combinau-n if ligisladve
measures, by which the government w ill be
invigorated, tbeatrm- iciu forced, and the con
fidence ot the people rt inspired. If this w ere
done, there is no danger to this nr.th n o? sub
jugatiou. It only needs to nuthod'zt the re
sources and croplcy thein v.ise-ly and econom
ically, and they arc yet amply $ ufficiei t to
carry on a successful defence-. Two.esssrntial
requisites thero are, for succcfs : The people
must come to look at the horrors of -subjugation
as they really arc, and make the neces
sity sacrifices to avcid them ; and all who at
tempt to 80V? disaffection, must bo rebuked
into silence, that harmony in the gw at w ork
may prevail.
Gen. Josfth & Johnson. A large sr. d in
fluential meeting of the citizens of South C.-iro-ho
i was held at Columbia on Menday. Ueso
ulior.s were passsed earnestly req-aestirig
resident Davis to restore Gen. Joseph E.
JchDstorrto duty, and recca.rrKnding that he
be placed in Command of rdl the troops requi
site for the defence of South Carolina and Geor
gia againtt the farther incursicus of the ene
my. Resignations Col. S. I). Brysou, of the
2oth Regiment, and at present Secatof from
Macon, Haywood, Jackson and Chirckce, has
retdgned his potition'as Lt. Co', of the 25th
Regiment ; and Lt S. 1. Hampton, 00th
1 h-g't, N . C. Treops', h . s rcrd cd .
There has been for some length of time in
the Confedersey, a cUfs of ersons vrho have
teen in our government ani'jniin tendency
to dwpbtism. In lhcire8ttmatioo,it wag, a
unceasing war against the interests of the peo
ple. This class effect to be supporters -par
excellence," of the civil iaic their daily and
tahtlv mr '-beinir. Th civil w mast be
r ry c s
superior to the military. The privilege ot
the writ of habeas corpus, it must be pre
served. Freedom of speech and of the press, -they
roust not'b assailed' Thw class of
persons are to be found in all our cities
Richmond, lUleigb, - Columbia, Charleston,
Augusta and Savannah. In Savannah, ihey
were disficctly known marked, and well xin
darbtood meti-)ust. as' they are elsewhere.
Their habiof abualng their government had
inspired distrust of their- loyalty ; and h-lbre
Shrrnan occojied Sivannah it was predicted
of .them, that if the enemy did reach ther-,
they woald submit take the oath of alle
giance, add surrender to the yankee donttnatl. n.
And these predictiots have been UteraUy ful
filled, just as they will be falfilleclAvhh re-' ,
feience to similar persons' in other place ,
under like eirc?m stances. . -
A very nauml question may be a--ked with
reference the Savannah siibmissionists. I
goiu out of th3 Coutetieruey and 10 g ing
under Shurnnn'o rule, have they found the
supremacy A thu "civil law" which tiny
profess to have bean socking? This is tl e
quechon. The auswer is to be found in "mil
itary orders, No. 143, issued' at Savanna") , '
signed "by order of Maj-ir Genera! W. T.
Sherman, L. M. D ytou, Aid-de-caaip..
- -lst. During war the military is superior
to civil auih'-ity ; and v::ere iittcrests clash,
the civil must give way." This is the su te
rnary disposition which llojor General' W.-T.
Sbermau makes of the p cwliar doctiiie of
the "supremacy of the civil law." And
pray, where are the lusty "agitators' in
Gorgia, whoe tender necks could not brar
I the heavy j'ekeof Confederate oppression; be
cause the "suprttnaey of the Civil law w n
in peril ? These who iLoughtlo try a change,
to t?ee If under Lincoln's rule this '-coveted
supremacy might not be found. They : re
dumb as sheep mute as i mice. Sherman
took not a moment to squabble about their cher
ished tenets. - His blow was aimed at -cer
tain characters" Cowardly aud desp
char&ctcrs who bad bartered their hon-
because they had not the comage tcrmaintai;!
it , and he not only said to them that the
'military is superior to the civil law," Lur he
most significantly anscunces that it they did
not strictly walk in the way ot his mm king
out, there would be
clash
ar d then the
civil must give way.
And as (or habeas cvrpus freedom of the
press and of speech- these batne ''spuria!
field orders" likewise di-poe most swiftly
4
U these.
Only two papers. are allowed to le publish
ed in Savannah ; a'jd these are warned in Ad
vance, of their 'strictest accountability, if tb.ey
should presume to put forth any 'miscLievous
ments, or any" comment whatever upon tin;
acs of the constituted autht -rities."
Verily, the ciiizens of Savannah who hae.
been taught to h-o'i to y: t:kec pro'ection,
have found most abject snl juration. By this
time mny ot them begin to know it, tor wa
see the exodus is already beginning.
Important For Us.
Two evcuts have just transpired very impor
tant both of tbeni, for us. One cf them is tbe
removal oButler the-Beast, and his order te
report at Lowell, Massachusetts.- We preMiine
there is seme etnettte among the factory grl,
wliich the couragecu Butler is required to sub
due. We bad looped that this famous warrior
would have btevi retained in his coinman'.
When Abmc" of G-tLic memory, defarted thin
life, Adolphus, bis successor, set to wor k a r. em
ber ef laborers, e.ud bavieg diverted 1 he river
from its original ceurse, bu.ied-hiru in the an
cient bed of the stream ; and the more effectu
ally to iinle the remains out of tbe kuowleelsre"
of men, he cJused the workmen to be put to
d ath and baricd them lrkrwise. Ni w, in s vc
point cf view, Butler and Alric are alike b.uh
are brutes and both barbyrians, and we had
hoped to have given cur Goih a similar dsp-'
sal. The Dutch Gap canal approaches com
pletion ; when the last spade of earih is dug out,
it is expected that the James river wid fake the
nevfrdireo'tion ; iu which cnae the- old bed ! a
neat grave, due to hand, for Butler, his vra!;
me. and asitants. It is a pity he lose the
opportuoity of such distinction,
The other eveut we spoke of, is tbe arrest of
the Honorable H. S Foote, at Occoquau, on his
way to Yankeedim that refuge of oppressed
liberty cf which he speke so felicitously iu hb last
speech ia Cqngrcs-. But why arr st kim ? We
are glad to see the government did not order ir.
The very bestluck that could befal the Couh de
racy in connection with Mr. Foote, would Le
bis exit cut of it. He can do it no fcar'o, ex
cept by staying in it. Aod tbe same may te
Said of allhis coadjutors. If wecould pick up
one and all the vtarie? of bis kind ef peace,
and export tbem with himsell across the bor
ders, tbe Confederacy might well bid them God
speed, with a devout wish never tov look upon
their like again." Let the people lemenibtr
what we have often told tbem the natural "in
clinarion of this sect of peace negotiators' is to
wards Yankeedom. Sooner or later, if the Yan- .
kees don't tome to them, they will go to the
,
Yankees, or be caught attempting it.
Our adversities rightly used, wdl do us goc J.
Tbe chajf wille winnowed from the wheat,
and each to its appropriate destiny Let but
Congress do its duty, and all will be nrell.
-.
Refugees fkom Sv'ankah, We under
stand that twn steamers have been dispatched
down the Savannah river to Puryhburw-. w i rr
a flag of truce comtLunc-tioa between :hr-Confederate-atcJ
Federal authorities teke pia-.a-today.
There aie sou e five hundred perSoi
to be received, who have been banished from
Savannah -by order of Sherman. !Augusia
Constitutionalist.
, We commcrrd to the attention of our reader;
tb article in this day lapfcr on the now
iighly import ant question, as to Avlietlier we
bball us that great element of defer.ee, our
negroes, in the present war, in which, with
out auccts-, we lose not only cur negroes, but
every othor prnpefiy, "nrl also. air. i.o'd uame
and liber y. We km tl e author &f the ai
tide, and know hii t a Irtr siavj o nr
a man of experiei.ee ad well U!.qriu.uiie6r with
all the phases of the question he discussed,
that he is a. true lover otihid country, has
lived for years at ihe North, und knows the
character of i s people, their Ti j?ct acddeJgn
i;i this warl; and dees not Vaesitate. to declare
that object not to' be reconstruction, but plun
der and spoliation. V e know that he i like
ly'to suff'-r as great a deprisatiob of bis slaves
as any ot our acquaintance, but his confi
dence in Geneva! Le and his own, judmnt,
fnllv persuade lum that the n ensure is rot
only importaot, -but nre.-.ary.-- Iff has free
ly fctiven his sons to Uie service, and 'freely of
fers his negroes to the uoverLrneot, to dd in
..I
r and
Setting our deliverance from the tyranny
ft.C'liati!n of lh Yakfi s.
, J
Important Decision Oil the Tax Qarslioa-
. Tbe Mobile Rtgisler, of Saturday morj)i! g, f
contains a lengthy deisiou rtnderecTov lion, j
Wm. G. Jones, Contederare juitebr the
State ol Alabama, in the case a.l -the Savings
bank ol Mobile agaiti Henry Barnwell, Cou
fedoiate Suiti 8 tax collect' r. '
Ttie plaintiff orougbt ids action, at law to
recover sums of mom 3- it hnd peen comj-e!!ed
pay as Confederate taxes tor 1864 on State
bonds, purchased by it from the State "of Ala
bama, and the quesior.s printed were: Are
6tat? bonds taxed by tbe nvf4 Congress,
anI it ho, is such tvsxaiion constitutional?
The 'plaiut.it) also embraced in bis suit a
claim lor money paid in tew issue "as soldiers',
tax, levied and collected under the act 01 the
lOih oULune 1804, and this .iaranch of the
I cause turned on the question whether the
plaint S was not entitled t pay this tax in
four per cent, certificates issued to plaintiff
under the funding act f February, 1864, und
wbicli oerdfie-ates have been sir-ot; held by
plaintiff. The tax cohecb r compel led pay
ment in Confederate' oo'e of. t'e- tiew issue,
retusing hiur per cent ct-riiric-ites. The case
was in the nature of an .tgreed out' hy Gov
erument and plaintiff, anil the. quest ions arose
on separate State den uners'to each count of
the complaint
The case was argued, for plaintiff by Robert
H. .Smith, Esq., ami P. Phillips Iq , and for
the Government A. J lieqnter. Esq., district
attorney, ard ti e c urt ;e,ided:-
ls ThartLVniiress did int portsss the con
stitu'r'hsl ptiwer to tax State bonds.
2d. That the t fcx acts ot Conrress did not
atn n.pt to. embrace Stae bonds as a subject
of taxation.
31. That sohiiers' tax was payable ordy in
Confederate treas'oy note?, of the new issue,
eouid not.be paid in'faarr per cent.Otl-
thJ-aies, and tr.t the act ot . t;oijgs. in re
qnipng tw tax to oe thus pa?o oid no? vto
Ute.the p'leilge given by C.- res:?, in the
funding act. that the four pei e nt. bon-!s
should be i(rc.'ivd for all public does pava
b:e iu 1SG4. That thi'spledga only related
to the i;.xes tltu provided to he levied, und
did nol. extend, to such as the necessities of
rtuj Goverornent miht rt quire to be j;fier
Vards raised. '
Affairs in Polk Countv f.a?t Thui - s -
lumbus Village,' N.'C, a" tiay lou'g i be re-
membe-red and one wnieb nns' :..u.seal many
families to feel the pmigs of dep distre.-s,
gri-f anel sorrow
Tbe bloody flfair U-o&r. about .noon, in this
way: Lt Toin.Lan, in eou,inand of sorhe
eit Zvto and stbJiers for ihe purpose of putting
down some c; of outiayty whi 'h had been
perpetrated up n the iiiz ns cf lVlk and ad
joininsr con 1; lies, procoji.od to ihe house of
P.ff Hurler. ( i) the viihii-e) r.foi notified him'
thai be, was ihers a pr-a-tr, alsti noiil ing
1 Iliiii'eiV Jwii sms, Ciiaries a d Sam. that
th.tiy wer likewise prisoneis. Tbe seoi r
11 bb.a'r (vh. was in his shin siet vet-) it tiues.
tel te. le allowed t . ge juai the house fvr Ids
coal, w hich was i anted' b L -o . T'i;.- tisrr-t-Hunters
watk;d inu tbe on:-e, ai:l iu a rev
moments appeared at the door, 1 ach heavily
armed, the senior leading tbe way, bia"disb
ii:g t wo latge b,:wie krnvus; ttio. sos via!,
Cult's ai thy ii-teln i'i ba:;o. - zs soon as they
oe.red ihe etuksure, F-ite Ilnnn-r 'remarked
to Dr. Colmnbns Mills, '"I w;il ki 1 you, you
d "d old rascal, ' making . th same-umo
rapid sttiehs toTvuds the Doe?or.-ud callui
upt)n his sons n fi e Lan , t savo the
Doctor, serana to his assisiai .cv, . i d expl-dtd
a cap of h;s ps--ol -t Hunter's head. At !his
time Lane anel the y ung Hunters bt-ganto fire
their pisttb- in eieaiiy eare-est. t he .iher
party tiring without stint upon Pate Hunter,
killing him instantly; tne poMiiou of Lane
-nd ihe vounsr Hunters ben s' such that to
shcK)t w-.)ulel I e ene!.:n,i eritig rife 'lie e.f .Lane.
Tr c boyv h'cri it .ari to
iime, Lat e irave (.'.-.ar'e
wb.o ieil te tiit .iini.
ang at U:ne " :'- o
b. ii.fv.-ver..' By this'
ll'j ;ter h vore . Vbot;
: 1 .tio ;.;-o her fir-
bti e ifcc:. Lulit liOv
':--d o . l Oal'. but
fell to tho'g
yer. ab'e ti i; t
pi
b c
t rfht at
who va- o
b;..yv lot ru.
hiking nhn lujle el-
an;
(HM r now f.:reps his pistoi
7 t "1.1
and teaks tT, the
staaia tin - several snots
but e'oing 10 - jih e. fja'- tikes a tempo
rui". esCjpe. . .
x..v . u-t. oiz. -t srr uu
ti.ry cud ne"ru ironj r-:
acc-aL piiees ol j-aid Hu
:!
l
ai:
.i(jt;
' iny wje
'-nb'.-rs. A
;i Humer,
! jm ssco. tolhtWbd
o
u
wnere tbev foi:.
r -
a:
de
c-e-ribeil ,
To teal what h.-..- i-icct
rii' st la. tt it-.' .0 re
the trufh ii.-.jst c- 0.'
- ' " '!
IoUowmI toy ptn al- f
n i.rTitnit teothrit) ;
i ori'Vel,pi;rty
m u. ti uit..-: ri a., uic secie-i ui vviucit -
u.i.c other le.:. T. e news.- was 3i iti ; is probably the result of advice lr-ui toue ui
citculatn n. h , never, ihr :-fc wv.,ic- party ot j Govtrm r Urowns men. It plainly is oo
io:r wore hihfd, i t ii. ,.r-" c? ; u mile t'rem j Snerinau's own poficv, nor that oi bis.aovem
trie vitiate oi ii'UFjs vt .t nei-us were
were
ca?e,
anxious to to
fie.d
v.
i
. as ti e
upvn a' search,
w r ;cu
ru ii 'i-noed was,
alas ! too true.
I. S. Laue is jet a live, and tome hop.' of
hi-.r-.cuVery. Iltncrsou, N. C, Times.
iiV.KXX, FrEj-H Tne Cap- I'
by the great raius Jo an i
fir is swollen
-areiv Uit- ;
r.-snd
It back up tne .C:oss ;;.d Blouos-'s.;
1 cr
ks to tbe very centre, ol tu : q. ph
n g
ti;
jver several n id anel iactotv d.;ur, up ! .
dam of the Merchant Mi.l-s; E-.-elt' i
Bridge The oan.agt- io the rnacidnVrv of
n Ms and lactones u ur.t be very ht-nTv. and
the loss d time a serious drawbarfe. Tbe j appear merciiul id kind -We take u i'i
maehinery is uUi ergd at McLaucblits I granted "that' South t.r n a :ideritr.:s .il
?aw ind GriJ- mil, tee Cre-ss Creek, Blount's
Cieek and F.-yetttvilie Mills Cotton Factories,
and Mr. John G et's G 1 irt Mill Fayttlctille
VDscrvtr.
v Fire in Salukarj. -
Abut 7 3'clo-k yesterday " n.orninjf, Mr.
Jau. H. aniss' building (rtte. known as
the oLcf Ueorge RroWJi huustr) waxiiicbverel
to be oh fire. It had made, : cpmparativtly,"
little progress, when first discovered, but ew- "
ing to - tbe very rombustibie u:ttu.re of the
buildinss, all fforis to arrest tbe flames
provf-J LSlcssuntil th houses trM;i Mr. Wn .
Mrpbj'iJ brick 'ri-w rMlovyHnt: the str. e
irotm l to thA.: o? JAs. H -Enhts', (riow usf.-tl
as a Commiss,ary,jjeort4)ijrvere lai-l ia a-hs
Severat ot the ro. -tjiseonsnmcd were t.iOupid
bv fficfrs of thf- eovernineot as Gon.rni.srrv
1 and Quarter hi aster'- depots, workaivops &lc.
batliale portblf property either belonging
to tbe government or. individual?, was le
strpyeei Mr.-(yarocross who ejecupied room-
in tbe Eoaiss building as store and resideoe,
hist every thing. Mr, Eunisi himself wbo
was carrying on a snoe factory "for the Gov
er;jmentAl(t between eight and ten thousand
dollarseVoi tii o!" leather. -.The Govtrnmf-ivt's
loss in leather, tools, &c., probably aliioiiiits
te eighty ti-usaridv dollars Its loss in the
Piist Q uartermaster's debartu eot, was ci
paraiively stnnil. Tbe owners" t the build-,
i' consoacifd,. 'Messrs. E'niss, Fraley, and'
ycNtvly & Ytuna, and the Messrs Hall are
the princi pal sutlers." -
. m. ri . I l.e o.f in T r PriL "
niss' factory, was owing to" th. tact, that the.
fire occuned in a room immeu?utr!y under the
leather, reudering it absulutely impossible to
removc it.
The Commissary lest nothiug except what
was appropiiated by rogues in the confusion.
The Quartermaster' ioss was greatest in this .
way, also ; though his privtue loss was consid
erable. ; ... :
Tbe fiie .was undoubtedly" the work of an
inc-ndiaty . it' orioinatid in a s'ore room ot
tive Ennis-s buiotin oceupied by'Mr. Sraith-
deal. Mr.. Smithdeai .was absent
store was eiosi-i, but ihe mi?eraiio-
and bis
who pcipetrattd the deed, u is behevra, a--tered
tills room, srtjke it), the buildings and
re -closed tfo- dirs. No one hs, as ytt,'.been
iJei tlfitd as the guilty persoti, but strong sus
picions rest uou & veral who are universally
odious tw tile community, as'weil as disloyal
to the South. . ,
, We were in hopes that the fire? whiclrre.
cently occurred " at Charlotte, under. veiy
fUfpiiioustircuujsthnces, won d mov a warn
ing to our people which would iupiiy increas
ed vigilance r againsc .a like liisast r. tut it
seems tint it was not so And even. nov we
fe-.r tr.at many of our ptaple wi'l be sl-'W 10
beueve that we. lve a band tf incendiaYh s
in' our midst, brought over by the eirnj to
burn u'ur towns, destroy -ur com mis ary tton s,
a?d injure us in whatever way the? may. To
our b ind theie 's nothiug that sterna morn
evident. Yvre bear oi Jues in all directions.
Ni;btxly knows 'now? they originate- It is
announced that it U the - work of an in
cendiary. The pe-'p'e accept it as t-a ifaelory
arxl 'assu'ne their wonted' security fatal,
criminal .-ecimty. Lt theia arouse irotn
their lethargy. We have enemies in ( ur
midst mortal enemies to i tir cause'anl g(v
ernmeut. L-1 there be vigilat.ee- crtnirni tress
instituted in evtry town, atjd village, and
community. Show no mercy to disloyalty
and 'iiea.-oa. Serai ibi-sc who artngaiost us
across tne ime6 or put - ti'tem in pri".n. vi:o
A let tht
Vh" ut m
e truiltv 01 cuTie be mifi.-iien with.
iOut rigorof the iaw. W nU .Um in, 14'A.
CZ ti - f
Sherman's Movements.
lb seems to be generally coucedt- t'at
Slum an, after having jiavefsed titc- Stare jf
Ge-rcit and arrived at Savannah atd c..p
tured that city 4i without imp dim- nt," wui
not long remain idle there. His final objec-
I
- tive point Ul
Lee
's army. TfVeflfect that Hrmv
1 i!iri','"'-ul ' ', ' 1 lie til
inarch lb uCorgia, siceit known tht South-
western Georgia has been one of tne. grand
sources of supply lor ti e army of NTt' -era
-Virgirda. To lurther intrilere with th .-u,
pliesof that army and to cut oil military ce-m-munication
by railroad he vvill be . ecritii to
aim hi." utxt blow at the jailu-vd eij Somh
Carolina, his primary point probably bein'
Iiranchville, and inchiemady , Cnarleston, brit
fiist, ai.d pr;n.r::y, Briinohville, we think
W e should not he at all surprised to learn
that his movMucof 1 as already commented,
ftuei th;.t. bis troops are even now in 'notion.
Circumstance s ceo . to point ie that qouelo-
-sion. Oi.e oi there eiieuinr-tato. es is the je
r.e-wal O: the atnu.k to tlemi-nsiration aa i.m
Wilmington, ai d epe atty nainbt the -.:e-Ui
cts eiJits harbor. A? yev v.'- can . c- us
sigti to that nioveme tits p. p.-r 'tirK. tei
ve-hef-.e.- as a teiut r . :eai attack the her
timplv iL',.end-el .;s a tiivois or s..r-a-iv
dosiij.itod ro attern toe r "ncir- ot our forts.
Ei titer vay , we tamk ir is so timha as to . o-
. pe:"a.te Wtiii any - tiiOVemoot. ..; le- Oy io" -oe
t:sy -'joi tini: a i- i.e S u:h. If th o.i'i tio
aoytumg here, somoeh ;he be tier. ih y thi k,
a. d even is thvy ca- nol. "liey uo o-.-ubt ea.cu
late ihit-they cab SiiCCee el in detain!.'. g 'a cer
tain amount of iorc- ha-rr. iuui- ti.u :e.iievi
that much o-dppoMt:.y. U..-..1 way tf
Sherman's moVcineot it . tit S ivan. an.
Wo will know M(r.i!-it'!; i .:.o;-e a-out .his
matter befo e iroo ir to ,-!(.-- () neottle wre
, enrol, and exhibit A i.erv-j'j..;ei.s. Wvmina
I ton Journal.
---
The Yankee bnuTul Shf nuaa
made Kuowu ns i:Mio-is r the j.opy;
t 1 L -
inent 01 rtji-e-1 in t 'tJt; of.ter oaodsi?: ;' r-y.
tore the c-'nmeiifej..-nf' a hi (ieca'i:-. ' ca.'n
paigu' H:s ttra- 1. w to rob
tn p
J.
provisions am-t t '! tiittis nd factories, and it
.
i - ine - yoo not th.' a ,.ti u tn-; 'brst govern
ment tbtr world ever saw," to dispossess uh-iu
e)f their" proper , drive thfMi i..to ftrT4:'
, -i.ii.us, aou nit r"iiic a new popu auoii. .-t5
juitihcatn n f ti.4& p.-ocj heci eel in his letter"
ttie treatmeut ot the revolted lrisl; i y Wihitm
anl Mnry., twoceniiiiies ago. an. i the pum-ii'
menr of Satan :-.i;d-. ti. ret el.iotis -n 1-; L s
cow s.n: ot'nun, mat " Wi e i.o Idtt iMets-
viile. Sern.au t'r-tufs to -f..4ve v-.n.mge.t t
pu'ie-y. In that io.b.V retire nt Att-oi-s.
! was all Oarshtics ar.d- f u:lit : -i Stva.,
! nan nr rises io n .ai t i,'ii.aoii. 1 a.
; ment, tor the bitter malignity ol badh las
j .bewn too often and to 1 outrageously manifei.eaT
to be susceptible oi a doubt.
We have reas-'n to beieve that 'since
Sherman tas Uett in Savannah he hs ex
pressed his dytermin ,t.t .n to let KiosiTii-
Uitrtf- s sjoi as tn.y ft.intl.South Carolina,
.oecheriegtbat oe i-eiUie-r could no;, would re
strain the- m. T ui boiicnl pu- pose accor ;?"
with the expre.-si us offense ba'o of ma'
Stale MlWays iudulged iu at Cue orth. Ani
sheiuid Sherman invade ihat S ate, -s d-utt- .
I .... I . . .. : : I . 1 ' : 1 !
iebs ite viij, itiu woria may t 'Oiv ier a system
! of eru-t
d hriul oiur .i;e in comearLson
with w bicn tnose . : fnnr vp.hs 1)
tbis and will nerve uerrsci acconiingiy. Her
j women aud children and old men livin alonK
bis route w id d i eii to flee lor their lives
and their hon-r. FryctteviHt Observer. '
iTEiJCCJR.APHIC
' northern lews.
RICHMOND. Jan. 10. -The Xew Yoik Timet '
of the 7th received. The only item of inter- ft la
a telegaam in the Herald, from Grudj at Wash
ington, copied Troirt the Tribune, iridicatirg that
Gredy still attacht-e importance to : Clair's peace
mission. He fajafnrtbvr and interesting develop-
tnFBts mnft await their: TTtpoMft."'Franlr!Maii
has returned to City Point from -Washington.
RICHMOND, Jan 10 Amongst the returned
prisoner' who arrived in Richmoiid to-night from'
Varina, are E. A Pollard, of the Richmond Ex
aminer, Col. Mike Wood, of tbe, Montgomery Ad
vertiser and Judge Rush, of Mariarca, Fla.
Some of the most intelligent prisoners repoitas
their conviction, the result ef.objerva'icn, that
the North istired of war, and that if the South
ern people hold out manfallr, as beretofora, thej
will secure their 'dependence before next eam-
f iner. -
--
Confederate Congress.
RICHMOND, Jan. 10. The House parsed the
Consolidation -bill, to-dar yeas 43. nsrg 34.
Nothing of Importance dose in hecirate.
From WilmtnsSoii.
RICHMOND, Jan. 13 An olliclal despatch
from. Wilmington to-daj says, fifty vissels art? in
sight, mostly opposite the point of former landing:
. v
From Richmond.
RICHMOND, Jan. 11. -The Examiner of this
morning states, on the authority ol Mr. Pollard,
that Butler has been rehired of bis command and
orderedlo. report" at Lowell, Mass., his place of
residence. Gen. Ord has beenasfipced tothe
cormnandof the army of the James.
; Confederate Congress. "
RICHMOND, jAn. ll.-ln the Senate, Mr.
Watm' submitted a proposition, jint resolutions,
which were agreed to, rtquesting the President
to appoint a day of fasting, humiliation and
prayer v and then fesolved into secret session.
In the House, MrMilesiiTered a resolution,
declaring that a"l attempts made for peace with
rthe United States by the action or intervention of
the Confederate Statts comprising the Confeder
cy, are unauthorized by the Constitution, ro io
contravention to the supreme law c-fthe land, and
therefore- revolutionary. That the Confederate
States are pf-osecutirig war to establish their in-J
dependence as a separate power; Jand that Con
gres is firidly deteruiiped to continue the ttruggle
in.whicb we are engigt-d urstil the TJ; it d States
shal acknowledge ur independence. Thw reso
lutions were ordered to be printed.
The Senate bill to proridc; lor the payment of
the interest in removal ard subsistence tun cue
Chtrokee Indians in North Carolina, pase".
The .exemption bill was taken? up, and pending
its consuier anoo, roe uouse aojournea. 9
Bcmbardtstnt tof Fort Fisher.
WILMINGTON, .fan. 13. The Yankee fleet,
about sixty vessels, attfitkcd Fort Fisher ibi
mornirg about 7 o'clock. The ' bombardment
lasted all day.
The Yankees landed a force about five uii'es
above Fort Fiherf on the coast, this morning.
No pat titulars received.,.
Gen. Whiting is coitiinanding in the Fort.
i "
Fire la balLsbury. 4
Salisbujy, Jan. 13. A fire iu Salisbury wis
diicoverfcLthis morninsr about 7 o'clock in the
vacai-t store room in the Geo. W. Brown build-
iag, now the property of J H. Fnniss. It spread
i withgrat rapidity to the right and left and rear
7 mroinr.g alnst everv wood building: in t! e
block. -.Murphy's tbre Story brick store, arrested
the flames on the south, and Euniss' brick bui'd
irg novr occupied by the Cou'Uiissry department
arrested it en ihe netrth. Tbe buih'ing.s of the
Quarterina.-teis department were destroyed aud
with them some property, but bow 'much is not
yet known. Loss of moveable propertr either
public or private rot veiy great ; beHeved to be
the work of an incendiary.
From Richmond.
RICHMOND Jan. 13. Ex Gov Foote has
been arrested at Occoepj.m Prince "William coun
tr7 The charge upon which the arresras made
not nade publ c. It is cmlorfctood to have been
without instruction from the authorities iu Rich
mond. Mr. Foote has not occupied his seat in
th House ef Representatives for nearly thi ee
wetks. He wer.t towards the Potomac for the
purpose of sending his family accro.-s that thov
might r achxheir home in Nashville.
Coiifedeiatc Congress.
RICHMOND, Jan 13.- The Senate was in se
cret sesssion. . .
The House amendments of the Senate bill provi
ding clothing lor oflieers cf the army and navy
Vas concurre i in. The bill increasing the num
ber of active midshipman and several other naval
bills from the Senate were passed ; also passed the
Senate bill providing for the transmisson ot newr
papers to ulbcers, privates and musicians in the
array. Also the House bill providing for the pay
ment d" interest due ihe Cherokee nation on cer
tain Stat'.' bonds, the payment of which was as
t-utued by ibe Ceir.fi derate States. The exemption
bill wa. taken up and further considered until ad-j-mrnaient?
President Davis sent a message communicating
the re port. of the arrest of Foote in Northern Va..
while ende averting to pSiTs our lines on his wav to
the oim.v's c-untry. Accompanying it was a
note to the Pr esident from the Secretary of Wir,
which says nw special ii fti uclier.s were yivon for
such arrest to the provost marshal at Frederickr
burg, who made the arrest. He says m a telegram
dated the 12tb : I have acresttdbvre Hon Henry
S Foote at Occoquan, on his way t Vashington,
tor the purpose ot n. gotiating peace, as he avows.
I havH pulled hiui to await instructions. On
motion f Mr-Clarke tbe matter was refeaped to a
select couituitre-e of four.
RICHMOND, Jan. U. Senate in scret session.
Tbe llouss resumed the consideration of the ex
: eorption bill. '
The clause in the present law relativelo minis
ters of the Gospel was read and adopted.
Sort hern Sews.
RICHMOND, Jan 13. Northern papers of t he
llih bare been received. The report of Butler's
removal ia confirmed. A public meeting was
h Jd n ! hdadephia on the 9tb. to devise meao
tor xXi-i relief fif tbe suQcring inhabitants of Sa
v si.ij h . The committee appointed to solicit sub.
cciipticcs to purchase and send a ship load of pro
vLiaas tfr that city. -.
Thomas is concentrating bis army at East-
poi t. ' . .
The Herald awviscs the Union armies North
aati South to enTwrce tbe Monr oe doctrine; en the
Whole extent of - thu continent agtint England,
France and .Sl ain.
RICHMOND, Jan. H. Northern papers ef tbe
i 2tb received Tbe American says, Butler's fire-
well address to the army of the James Is in cicn.
sive bad taste. It reads more like a Meticinj
pronuncianrento than the address of a New Pag.
land General." His removal it f said was made by
the President at the request ol Geo. Grant. Uutl-r
tells the troops in his address be baa refined t
rder tbe saciifice ,of thei relives. Their blood
does not stain his garneats. ' '
Th Missouri Stat Conveatioa, by a vote f ;
to 4, passed the ordinance of emancipation abol
ishing' slavery in that State. 'Burmlde has ten
JeTedbi'i. rcsif raliaa.. .
The.O sit. House at Louisville, a well knova.
hotel, was destroy id by Ire on tbe eleventh.
The Unh-a State Convention assu.blcd i
Nashville cn the eleventh. Samuel Rod, ti of
Kuox vuunty was uede President." A' bitter di.
eutsion arri.e on tfaebrtfisof votisg. Iat Tet
nefFee w antvd tacb ccurtj to baye eae vote frr
every buxdredcatt sgsinst separatian in sixty
oue;this was carried amid inUira excittmtnt
and. the Con vebtiou adjourned.;
A telrgraw ci.fiiH5 the repoft of the evacua
tionof Fort Jn i h at.d Vaa Buicnby the Federal
forces. Anothir telegram b$$ Fort Smith ha
not been evacuutd.
Gold on the Ilth. 219.
" FerHOiwl,
RICHMOND, Jan. llFi.nk P Blair arrived
in this ciy yesteidfl. ' He U'stsyirg at private
quarters. The, Evening WhigraVslt is reported
he had an interrftw fast night with th- Secretary
of. Wan No d velopments io rcgaitt to thetu
'jct e-f his vhit. . "
' v From nifhrnond.
RICHMOND, Jan. 15. Frank J. Blair le-rt by
flag of truce boat yesterday. - Col. JK W. Single-
ton of Illinois, a promiaent peace democrat, ar
rived on t net orn trip and tc ok .loggings st the
Spotswoud IJolel. It is understood that B!air
bad a private con6dential Interview with th
President, He came in a official ccpacity cud
has hart ao ollicia! intercout.'ts with any Keiubtrr
wf the. governmtiit. Th belief ia well informed
circles is, thai this intercourse may lead to a
conference between cuthorizsd agvntsor couimi
sjoners or the two goreramenis; It is known the
President will permit no obstacle of any forui
to stand in the way of sending or retmng Coui
micsionerg. r 1 m m -
Frnu Pftrrfbrar?.
PKTERSUL'KG, Jan. l5.-No cbasgo bas oc
curred in the jiiilita-y situation around this city
during the past week. The enemy dailr expend
much amrour.ition in 8hIIirg our lines, but to
little or nourpose. He new can accomplish
the dismounting of acun. The damages to works
aud brieges bv the late rain bwve been repaired.
Giant's troop ar being aaastantly drilk-4 und
pei fected in discipline.
Xorihcm Xew.
RICHMOND, Jan. 15.-Nerthera papers of th
13tb receive;.
On Thnmlay the Senate scfc.ptid a resrltion
to termin te the Can.din reciprocity Ueatv
yeas 31, uays fi. There i no'w no further dv'ubt
of the tcruiination of tbe treaty.
. A ttbgram from Cairo e.ftlu- twelfth, sa 1 For
reht is.repinted cf ncer.tratk.g n large force t
Paris. -The-samc dispatch gives s.ur.e d-taiU or
0 rici fern's fabb (Jem-ral Gholsen is ame ng th
Confederates captured. " .
A tgmmfrem Wheeling aay. the enemy und, r
Kosi eaj tured the town of liberty an,j a jar,a
portion l the force defending it, on the eleventh
, JlcC.ellan will leave New-York for bis Enrol e"
an tour early in February.
' J in a Guthrie bas been elected Senator from
hiM.tiicky. to succeed Powell.
Gedd 220.
0 . European News.
R CliWfOND, J. 15 -European advices of
the- 31ft received. The London Times, alluding to
tbe 1 resent attitudt-e-f the United States to C'ana
el snys, in th? presjit state 1 f Nerthern fceli-,,
tber e is ri.uclp reason to apiebefcd snn: outrage
which, may rendvr a rupture inevitable. U,e
Americans neither appreciate tbe strerth if
Enhnd, nor understand rhe unsnirtity with
which war would be prosecuted if forced upon a
reluctALt gwterLmr-n't and natie'n; and tbe Jim
wsult ef war would be the- immediate and irrevo
cable establishment of. Southern independcr.ee.
o
VE1.SK EU WANTED.
Hv the eindersi-r ni'd. to fulrA rh rrrn ,.t rt...
- .- - - - - v. ... m m .nu
tation in Franklin County. .He inutet be an
etnpt, must hare a email family only, must be
irttVt'uef t obev orders and to gite bis whole time
and attention to my business. A disabled soleiUr
prefer ed. Apply to
II. K.IiUUGWY.V,
Garyt-burv N. C.
dfc. 28-d5t-tw3t.
A
Pit 1 V A 1 1 8 CIIO O h
Thn FIFTH SF.S.IOV nf Ml S MAVOIIIIN
SCHOOL for . yourg Ladies, will begin on lie
10th ed February. Only a limited number of
pupils can b iteeived.
For further information, addr rs Missel. I.
Mangum, Flat Kivt-r Orange County N.C.
dec. 28-wfiw.
G
LEN ANNA FEMALE r-'EM-.
1XAUY, TliOMASVILLK. N. C.
'1 HE next Session -begins January 25th, J5C5.
Board $7 pr month, payable in provisions at old
pi ices. or $ I fd per month, Confederate mrrey, in
advanct. Tuitiontnglbh Uranhes, $50;Ju
sic, $.r)0 ; Latin or French ' $25.
.Each young lady will fnrrdrh one pair -f sheets
and pillow ca es.
. J. YV. THOMAS, Pres't.
dec2I-d2rwe1t
$500
. fi E V A H D
STitAYh'fi OF'. STOLEN freio tbe quarters
of
thv A. t. .M.. or liparm-'s (Javalry Jlngafle, on
the night of tlrStbinst.. a BLOOD-BAY HORSE,
eubtyears old, nbout five feot, two inches high,
very small star in forehead, white spot, from gald,
on th. back, and 'a hole, the sizo of a partridge
egg. at tbe point of the tifht shoulder. Th"
abMre rew.id will be iriven to any one who will
return him to me, or give information that will
lead to his reefer v. J. L. PltlDUCN,
Co. F, leth N. C. Battalion, (Cav.,)
40 w2t ' . Hicksford, Va.
Petersburg Express copy twice.
VTOUTH' CAROLINA,
COCRT or 1'l.fcAS AMD QOABTIt, SttSlOK.
November Term 1664.
Elizibeth Bsuilst.
vs. ,
James S. Lewis vacd Wife Amanda, Nancy S
NewJen and ethers. a
Petition for Dower.
T appearing U the satisfaction ef the Court,
ehat Hemy F. Berkley, one of the defcsidants
in this case, resides beyond the limits ot this State;
it is therefore, on motion, o deredby the Curt,
that advertisement be made for si week rrM:
sively in the Confederate, a newspaper published
in the city of Raleigh, notify the said defend
ant, of tbe filing of tlisoett on, and that unless
be appears at the next term of this Court ana
answers the petition, tbe same will be takea pro
confesso. and beard exparte as to biua.
Witness Attiustine Landis, Clrrk of said Court,
at Oxford ibe first Monday ef ottT'n n
1864- . A. LANDIS, C.C.C.
4eeU; i84. - JI-lw.