irtmnr
the confederate;
The Panoply of War. -
There ii no tbubi that Congress will pass
B-me lair for t!.c arming of n-groes as soli. era
cf the Confederacy. Ia wiiar shape " rxactiy it
will pass, ve are" uot able say. But, we
think a bill oa the principle of ilrk-dale's.
lJy this measure, the negro Will not be con
scripted, ncr imf ressed, iu tha first, instance. -Aa
opportunity will be afforded them 10 vwlun
tecr, upon the teu-2r of them by the -natter ;
arid upon their acj-ptauss of j-iat coxpca-iA-tion,
will be pail. That this measure vrid
bring a large ani vihaabh reiafLrce-::eat to our
armies, we hare as doubt. Thousands ef ne-grocs-iJielligeui
and bra's aaim.iied by the
premise of freedra and a home, will b gfvd to
eff-r their services t the country. A'l tho-c
who are now with the army.an 1 who have shown
both courage, nnl fidelity, will bo glai to take
arras; and share, not only the'dasgTs, but the
Eyries of the "mule field. An d w? are sure
that masters will be at once forthcoming, with
the bet selected of teir acgroe3 : those most
fitted by phjs'cil capacity tiraake soldlara ;
ths-e b;st alopted by rnsral impress. cn, for
tht Jiscip'ine and duties ef the firM ; an 1 those
b?st qualified by intellectual and virtuous
hbits, to enjoy tin rewards of faithful ar.d
ood rcrvlce. .
lly this means. ?e rsay exp?ct to add two
hundred thousand frhal valuable eoldieri
t j our armies ; and, no!, only to receive the di
rect aid which thi3 increa.-c will affjrd, but ter
ror will be strickeu to the heart of an enemy.
Seventy-five thousand negroes, well disciplined,
amicus to earn their freedom, and to defend
their homea, placed uiukr the veteran Earl,
nth borders cf East Tennessee, to fcrca
north ward into Ohio; and seveaty-five thou
sand, added to the invincible veterans cf G.
L.q; and fifty-thousand to the forces of Urn.
Johfit ja; will rathe New Englava, and Dutch.
Fcna?ylvani a, thick the devil was let loose
upon thea. More than this. Th's powerful
reinforcement will return from duty many of
the b:3t firmer and overseers, who?c suprla
tea lance f th2 black?, reraaiair at hoaie,
will S'-cure more labor and better crps thau
bsfor?. AaJ yet again : The disheartened
an i Impairing, who hare absented themselves
without leave, because they considered tho
str-.ij'c hopeles3, will be re-in?p:red. .They
will return to their coram -.ndd ; the r-i.ks will
be Silcd upj and we shall open the campaign
by May,' ourselves bein-j the attacking party.
Ti.e negroes themselves, ar already veitm
trcririj in Itirhmor.d. Thsy are racr f'r the
chance of freed'jsi and home. TL? ?oh...rs
aoiv nr? nil of ens mind in favor of it. G-n.
Lee, and t li o military leader?, ernrstly re
ccir.iT.cn.i it.
Ibat'er said, raore than a rear ago, ou
Southerners Lave no statemen. W hy ilo no
all want ti3 to absorb the nrgro eltmer.t, ar.i
make the best soldi; rs to light, when v. u
nji-it lave thein to fiut us for the asking V
I; Cv::grea Iiad yielded to the counsel of tl e
Tvi.-cbt nnd b??t rren in tho land, tha jrrat
leader of our armic?, in December, by this
tirr.c wo miU have bad a heavy for;- is
Cinips of b.-tru-:tioii, almost realy t:r tha
ij.-Id. Butl cttcr late thr never.
Another day without a western mall. We re
ceived only two cschiDgei yesterday, theFay
ctteville Of 'tn tr and Tthr 'j'h, and nre con
ejipicntly again without news from the various
seats i f war. "We find it quite a task, under
th: circumstances, to find news raV.ter fvr the
paper.
The croakers and street news-mong?rs, how
ever, make newe bad news whenever thoy
can tbtaia none throulrtbe mails ; and to-day
a rumor was in circulation that Petersburg had
been evacuated. We took pome trouble to as
certain if ii. was so, and are assured, by those
who kcow, that the report is without founda
tion in fct.
We tender our thanks to Mr. John ,Ki:n
berly, tf Chapel Hill, for tha loan ol a num
ber of Yanke j journals, ci a late date.
Thiy-all devote many columns, with nam
ing heads, to the rperatious of their armies
under .chotleld and Sherman taken m-s!y
from S:uthem nevrspttpe-s ; and crow lus;ily
over the supposed early downhdl of "the
rebellion." We observe that they extract
copiously from tiie colnams cf a certain prc-s
in this place, and beyond doubt, obtain much
aid and comfort from its baneful croaking,
ami desponding and submissive predictions.
The general news these Yankee papers eon
tain have already beenl.ud before our readers,
through our telegraphic columns.
A meoibcr ef the Seccuu llegimcnt of Junior
Reserves a body of bravo and patriotic voang
lids who have been campaigning it iu the Cell
fr several months past makes an appeal
through our columns, to diy, to be supplied
wi h a battle-flag. If the proper authority do
net grant the request, let our patriotic ladies
eec that they are furnished with a banacr. By
all means, let the boys have a flag. We feel
sure they will take care cf it, aud ia the hour
of battle, will bravely defend it.
By reference U the telegraphic column it
wiil be seen that the Confederate Houe of
Representatives has passed a bill authorizing
the enlistment of negro troop-, by a vote of
40 to 37. The provisions of the. bill are stated
ia the dispatch.
; We know of nothing of more importance to
the Confederate government, at this tim--,
than the early completion of the Chatham
Ilailroiid. If any portion of our army sheuld
b transferred to this vicinity, its value as a
line of communication wouM be incalculable.
We all know what would have beea the situ
ation of affairs but for the completion of the
Piedmont road, and iti may be that the Chit
ham road will be of inestimable value to cur
government. The work should be pushed
Jf rward with increased energy. The road is
all graded, and the iron can, we thick, be eas
ily obtained fiom some f the road? nov sci
cusly threatened by the eaemy by. Td.
Seliii-g negroes at auction is rather a ouli
business, just at tli particular time. At tho
Auoti-n Uonsc of W. F. Askew & Co., ia thi3
city, on yesterday, a likely negro man, taid to
io be a gosd boot and shoe maker, was sold
for5;o00; a likely boy, 12 cr 15 years of
.ige, IrtugU 53,500 ; a fainily, cor sietir g of a
youi'g regra rran and wcruan,' with oe child,
had ii bidders ; a bid of .$2,230 was mad on
a woman vrith cue child, but was net received ;
and a No. 1, youug nrgro man, wae offered but
obtained io bidi. Ttc ealc was then closed.
For the Confederate.
Public Sicciliig in Halifax.
Me'. Emtok : A public meeting vr5 held
in the Ccurt House in Halifax, on Monday,
the 20'h iutt., to take into ci'a.-iderat:on the
condition of the country. A. sooj as ii was
urderitood that trerswbuld be a meeting,
the large court room was filled with eager
and dttermiard faces,
The meeting ivrs organized by appoirding
Rich'dH. yith, Ivq , Chainnat:, asd Mr.
V. r. Sol. m n, S'-Cftftry.
' Tie Ch'-iirtr.an' explained tho object of the
merlin in an able and forcible a Mrcs
j-lie pictured vividly the dangers vvhic'.i s-.r-j
rou-id u ; the. i eeoLtity of pu.tin. forth all
j our energk-s and uMg idl our resources i o rle-
feat the diab licai i-urp--?f-s of our unserupti-
hj'js fee, called upon his countrymen to rally
:o the standard of tbc-ir country ; t hold up
the haiids cd' thfir ruffrr-5, an I ii-tvih a vulgar
despot
how fr
lien est: suurn Lis b-vsc and
i i
; tlegra lir. propitiun
Upon motion of
I!. II. Earvvyn, E.-q., a
i comiiiittee conMstir.g of jW;t. mory ii.
I Whitakcr, Dr. M. A. Vi!co:c, .11. ii. Whit
! mocre, Dr. W. Epps, and Y. II. Prtcn,
i were appointed to draft resolutions Icr tho
considcrKtion of the meeting.
j Mr. Bargwyn, beici; frmi ar.ther county,
! was cot wiiiiLg to jervc on the committee;
Tvhtrcupf n, it as moved jnid carried that
! the -Chairman be added as Chairman of the
committee, and Dr. L. V. Datchelor was
called to pre.-luc ternpyrarisy tver the meet-
j After tiie committee had r.-tne-d.jt wai nr-.
; n.-.tinced that C.l. Hubbard, Virginia
j preheat whereup )n, a shut arose frm all
i .arte of the houje for a vpetch fr.ia-CI.
j Hubbard'
Cel. II. tuok the stand aud entertained the
meeting for s-o-.ne t'aie ia an el.'queut and
tl'.riiiir- speech He s'.id the 'insahing term 3
which Lincoln printed, lefc the South, no :d-terti-iti
re except conticu'-d and eternal resis
tamv; that we were fully ' able to maintain
our position; that the Old I) mil ion was !;0t
whipped ; that although 'bleetting at every
pore, she would strike, and Cv nth ueto stiike,
so lof. ar, an e:ie!y p-.dured her soil, that
Nor; Is Catohna wus as true and., as valiant as
aay cf her sisters, that we were cunteioiiig
no'i- only fr th legacy which our dbro lath
ers hdt us the right to gi,vcru ourseivts;
that we never could abandon tl at right, slid
that it w.i? mect-th.it hi re on the old. e --sic
groiiTvl of Halifax he home of Wesley J ncs
aid others we should renew our pU-djy
n-iver to -r.rre;.der.
j O-I. Jenkins of Warren, was then called
! upon. Aiter several and continued calls he
took the eland.', lli said, reluctantly, be
I cause he thought it more suitable that elder
gentieraen six.ui t stetK on this occasion.
Col. J. alluded to Ins csmrso during the war
a d justiSed his being now out of the army.
taid that in the b-gining of the war. h
held an olace which exempted him, cl he
rrdic-d a ompau? and went into the f.ervice,
aud there remaiied, until circumstances of a
private nature which he euid nt cont
red
imp
'red dudes en him which he could
!;0t
did,"
dischurr j without rcj-iunio-, which
wi'di the entire concurrc ee of the greaf." and
goc-d L-e. He was v.ilhng u j in' a ccia
pany composed entirely of exempts, which ha
prop yed to ridse. lie drew, a i.;rapLi.; pic
ture of cur oonditi; n if we should submit and
coiiteudcd that all v;u need is unity nud de
termination. The committee having retnrped, reported
through their Ciiai.inai;,Mr. . thnith, ti.e fvl-
lowing preanible and rc-solntioxjs. vrrdch were
unanim-usly adopted, viz ;
Whekcas, theProiient ol the Cowled-rate
Mas nasi n formally invited Com n: is
sioners from the United Smtfs Governn.tiii
to confer upon some metle of adju.-t'.ng' tho
i difierduees between the two :ovf nsujents ;
and tvkcre-::s, the tern:s upon wJdeii Lincoln
is willing io treat has becsi submitted by the
I'resid.nt of. the Couft delate Siae; te Ci.n
grcss f-sr .its con-idcration :
Rcsolred, That these terras are such as a fr?
people ctn ntver consent to, so big as thry
cau ketpu JiTiny in the field fer defence, or
raise a dollar fcr support.
Resolved, That we hereby tender to the Con
federate authorities cur" lives our fortunes nd
our sacred homes, in maintaining the declara
tion of our btate Convention ca the tlOtn of
May,lSGl.
Resolve?, Th-.t the Proclamation of Ills Ex
ceilercy, Gciv. Vance, aeets with cur undivided
support and we"crdi-iily respond thereto, aud
hereby pledge ourselves that the resources of
lla'ifux cotmty, in men and material, thali be
ccntrihutedtQ aid him in carrying out such
measures as lie may uetria tne exigencies et the
day may require.
Upon motion of 3Ir. J.'M. Grizzard, ii was
ordered that the proceedings of tha meetir.g be
forvarded to the Raleign Con federate for publi
cation, with the request that all other -papers
in the State should ctfpy the same.
It being late, the meeting, uo.m motion, ad
journed. KICII'D 11. SMITH, Chm'n.
W, P. Slman, Sect'y.
Wilmington. Col. Jas. Sinclair, who has
been for some months, past Editor of the Wil
miegton yerth Carolinian, p'assed through
this place on Friday on his way to join his
family at Lumber ton. He left Wilmington,
on the last locomotive, on Wednesday morning,
the evacuation being then complete ami the
Yankees expected immediately. He left tho
presses, type, ceo , behind, and foougbt us a
copy of the last istue of the 'Carolinian, that
of Tuesday. '
Col Sinclair speaks io high terms of the
gallantry of Hoke's Division, which repulsed
three a.-s.uits of the enemy On M n lay, and
of-Col. Hcdrick and fits command, who f ught
the enemy on the cau.-e .vay c pposite the town,
He says that there was an awful scir e in
the burning cf several steamers, Ca-idey's
Shipyard, the oil works. Sec. S:c., to prevent
their falling into the hands of the enmy.
And he gives a piublc account of the suf
fering for food of the thousands of Ya&kce
prisoners who had been brought to Wilming
tou for exchange, but the Yankee commander
refusing to receive them, they were necessarily
mached off northwardly. There was not a
suOieient supply of food at l and, cither for
them cr for our own troops. 1 ay -.tic cill a Observer.
For tfee Cctfderate.
An Appeal.
Stst. Editoh : Afte r application,. timeand
aain, to the au horlties, v, -turn to the me
dium of the newspaper pre? r, for the proper
pleading and true rpre.-entation of our wants
and condition. ' At this awful hour weklo not
contemplate'- enterin a single Cuin plaint
And though we havj not d-elared cur devo
tion ai.d deters dnat-ioa for our ecu:; try s cuse,
in public .me tirgs, patriotic rosolufions And
eloquent speecbe?, yet (we hope our fath-jrs
a'id c raradrs will comniend us for this, in
rrmemberiog that "fiier.c gives consent,"
aud is most becoming in boys.) we h ard And
cherisked the principle and blessings, instill
ed and hezpe-d apon our brothers, when they
went forth ill this jtut. af-d htdy causr-; and
we shall ever deeta that counsel as mature
and correct It was given in sincerity ani
toberness, under the ci!m weihi: g, ' and in
fluence of years cf wrong and rights, and
now it is made sacred by thebbodof our
br ibers. .- '
My Regirnent has been almost inc s:mt!y
on the tramp for the iastthrce racuths ; aud
rest asuied his'ory l.-a reacted many of the
s:enrs -A hards dp and endurance, intended
to adorn the pages- of the Revolution of our
f refatbers. But it is useles to dwell up m
these ; ft.r there will be a day when each -individual
cau relate his own deeds and "hair
breadth s'capes." We have recently received
a lot of clothing, blankets and , shoes, and
though thrre is no apparent fass or excite
ment, I suppose each man is having his own
feelings. Seine people may ask, artr all three,
what"is it thut 'we do want? Itis.afli',
some clois whether it is by individual,
county, Soit or Cor 'o derate, it matters but
little. We hear, the great lion of the West
the hero of itiaay fields; and the besieger of
mit-y cides is already upon cur border.
W?icn we are ordered to meet him, we vv.ant
to carry with us some banner; some token
from our CDuntry. Wo want something by
'.vhich he may read- and learn to "deypise not
the malice of the weakest ; that venom sup
plies the want of strength ; aud that the lion
may perish by the puncture of an asp."
We are quite sure there are euongh dye
stuffs in the land of the colors, red, white and
blu-, to accomplish thu. I am satisfied that
the reason of cur being without is, because
tvery body does not know that we are. The
painodc young ladies -of the country, rather
than K-.tr and know of this, would take their
old siik.s, that have been for tre last four
years so turned and rufHed, and make us, even
ir.ore banners than We could bear, did ' fifcy
know it. Wo don't ask any body, or doii't
tell auy body it is ihdr duty ; but simply
state the fact. For we have made up our
rriud.s to fiht, Jl'-.g or no fltg, when we are
ordered. We may. be fired upon, or in the
diy el battle, it may be neces-ary to have
something ucd which to rally and manoeuvre.
And iu case the Yankees take it for a black
fhg, then somebody, or the young ladies,
will have sad reason for sorrow, for there are
alreidy several b ya here old enough to
marry. I rest the subject here, and await
the rrralt in breathless agitation.
A Junior of this 2nd.
For the Confederate.
According to previous notice, a niettb of
the soldiers was held at General Hospital No.
8. on Wednesday evening, the 22d inst.
O a moiion cf Surgeon H. G. Leigh, Surgfon
E. Burke Haywood ' us called to the chair
and Dr. W J La-wrence and Capt B R Davis
w-re requested to act as Secretaries.
Oo motion a committee oMive was appointed
by the chairman to draft rrsolutions, consist
ing o the-following named jjontlcmeu : Lieut.
Lueian Hail, D. A ."Jones,, B. P. Davis, J. R.
Faucctt :nd E Swan son. .
Daring the absence of the committe the
meeting wks addn sscd by Surgeon J W Tracy
and private S A Smith, the committee then
reported through their chairman, Lueian
Hall, the following preamble and res dutions
which were unanimously .adopted :
Whereas, The arms of the Confederate
States have recently sustained reverses which
have filled the rnii.d- of the people with gloom
and u. ubts, aud "he time has come when every
true Couf -derate, rallying around the stan
dard of his country, should give exprts-don to
his sentiments, and send back an answer to
the insolent demands of Abraham Lincoln,
therefore be it
Resolred, That the cause of liberty is fdili
de.ir to our hearts ; and beJiavicjj as We do,
that it is to be "found only iu a government,
separate fr.ni die United S'.atcs, by the bless-
ing o! u-ot, rcii.auiing true to the principles
e have proiei-s3d, we will tight 'this var out
Lo uncoil htioiiui independence.
Resolved, That wc are not ret prepared to
bow our necks in meek and cowardly subnds-
s:cn to the Washington despotisni ; irO1 bend
cur kuee in Jiomage at tne tnrone oi Aorahara
Lincoln. .
Resole!, That we see nothing in the pres
ent state of affairs to justify tho gloom and
despondency winch preyades some minds ;
but we honestly believe lifat with the rein
forcement which Congress will give uswq
shall ultimately gain that peace and iudepen
dence lor whr;a we are struit:ling.
Resolved, That here, on the anniversary of
the birthday of the great and liberty Living
Washington, stanlinrr on the threshold of
another campaign, we rerew cur vows to
defend to the bitter end, our homes, our fire
tides and sacred rights; and pledge ourselves,
on being returned to duty, showing our faith
by our works to stand in the front ranks and
prove t tho.e who doubt, how full of mean
ing is our ileelaratioti to conquer or die.
The proceeding ef this meeting were or
dered to be published antae Confederate, Con
servative, Standard and Progress t when oh
motion, the meeting adjourned.
E. BURKE HAYWOOD, Ch'ra.
Dr: W. J. La whence,
-M. A- J
I Sect'ys. .
Ii. R. Da vies, -
For the Confederate.
Mr, Editor : I desire, as an act of grati
tude and justice, to say one word in reference
to Peltigrew General Hospital, No 13.
I have been recruiting here for a short time,
and can truly say, that I have fallen into the
hands of geotlemen. Too much cannot be
said of the able and efficient manner, in which,
Dr. Haywood, chief Surgeon of the Hospital,
presides over this place ; and he is ably sup
ported by Drs: Little, Harris and Gibson
Ail of them are gentlemen, who, not only
know their duty, but faithfully ptrferm it.
The soldier who is so fortunate as to fail
into their hands, will ever remember them
with feelings of gratitude.
I cannot omit the name of Mr. Stephenson,
ward master for Ward Anderson ; none can
be more obUgi.ig and attentive than he is.
To a!4 of ihem, I return my sincere thanks.;
but at the same time, hope the day is not far
distant, when there will oe no need of such
iustitudo:':S. -
Feb. 25th, ISGa. ' g. X.
For'rhe Co federate. -Mr.
EniTou: Lam at a cs to know how
i: "is that so many nble-bodied men con t,n lie
to go at will over the country, wbo are of the,
proper ag? to be in the army, whpn orir canse
is suffers so much for the want of men
Why, sir, there is fault sonehere,.and I do
hnpi Wt thejroper authority will be exer
cised, and all such able-bodied men put in the
service. If thi- is not chine, depend upon it,
we are a suljngated pb-fe. Un enquiring
into some of the cites, I find thai B-mo say
that they are out because thry are commission
ed to carry bo-s to KlJie ; son-e are sup
porters to enrolling officers-an ofiice ti.at 1
never heard cf before. Now, sir, Ltnn k that
the enrolling ofiicer and lis supporter had
better be put in the service ff-rnot d-ing Jheir
utv. I say to all Millers, Tanr.ers, Shoema
kers, Harness Makers, Wood Mechanics,
Mail Carrier and Contractors, Post Ma-trrs.
Railroad Couductoi3, Aeents at Depots, Voc,.
Contractors. Militia -Officers, Justicys of tne
Peace, Doctors and Preachers, of tl proper
ar', oe at .oner, ami hiuij"i j - -
can render important-service by
filling positions that are now fided by ?ete
ran soldiers. There are ma'-y positions tr.at
ia li. s and-disabled soldiers can fill, a;-d why
n:t let it be dene at once? There are many
partitions that men beyond the ago of sixty
can fill, that are now filed by men of conscript
age; and by favoritism, in manycascs, no
doubt. '
Let a stop be put to all this, and the prop
er material be put in the army, and a proper
spirit infused in the people, and all will be
well." There is too much croaking in the
country. I am i.ow for a stong military arm
to he wielded owr the country, since I have
seen with mortification and' regret, that our
Legislature has proved unequal to per firm
that duty ineuuibent upon. it. To prove this
fact, it is only necessary to ask why did not
the Legislature put the Militia officers in the
army,- where they arc so much needed? And
instead of utting"ihe Magistrates in the ar
my, who were ol the proper age, there was a
large number mere appointed, and at a time,
too, when there is nothing for them to do ; no
warrants to try, and Very little court business
to jio, and that litde could be done by tell or
twelve in each" county. Now. sir, if the war
bontinties four years longer, I do not think we
will have any use for anotuer Legislature to
assemble in North Carolina, for if we can live
at all, we can do better without such legisla
tion than to have such as we have in the one
now palmed upon the people. Tne people are
heartily tired ot it. It meets with condemna
tion by every body, old and young, and all
grades and classes of peopley and the general
voice is for them to meet no more, especially
at the expense of the State, and if they do'
meet, and make laws, that such laws shall
hae no bearing upon the people.
JUSTICE.
The Fall cf Wilmington
The following letter, copied from the Co
scrvative, of yesterday, contain much infor
mation concerning the fall of Wdminton,
which has not been published hereU-fore :
Mr. Editor : You have already heard of
the fall of Wilmington, an event .which has
been expected eversinc the capture of Fort
Fisher by tho cuc-.v.y and for which the public
mind was, in some measure, prepared. Per-,
haps the following particulars may not bo un
interesting to our readers :
T.he fail of Fort Anderson completed the
work which wT is begun with tbecaptur? of
Fort Fisher. 'I he enemy finding their gun
boats powerless 'against this strong wcrk,
hncled a large f jrce on the west bank of the
river, with the view of turning tha fort and -
taking ilin the rear. Tlrs rendered its evacua
tion ncc. ssary. At feur o'clock in the mer: inj
it. was blown up aud the garrison m ale iheir
way to the main body of our army, bub.se
quently thtre was ekirmishii g' a ft v in !es
below Wilmington and cn Wednesday morn
ing the evacuation of the place began. B -foro
leaving', our fc-rces removed and destroyed all
public property of every kind. -The wbarves,
ware-house--5, &c, &c, on the west bank of
the river were ia fl-imes"; and there wore two
fires raging on the east bank-, fed by rosin,
spirits cf turpentine, coitun &c. ore.
Several thousand Yankee prisoners had beea
carried down to be exchanged. Thry wreall
brought oIF and sent up the country, with the
exception of sixty-five, who were too sick to be
removed, and were of course left behiud.
I learn that oar authorities, before leaving
the town, seized, and brought off all the horses,
wagons, negro men, and ail tho white men be
tween the ages ef. teventecn ard fifty, years,
that they could get. All cur trorps escaped
except a detachment of Mosely's Lattery and
two rcgTmtntsof Hagood's S. O , brigade, mua
berirg 1,100 men. These were captured ; bow
cr where I do not know.
The place was defended in the last and only
evacuated when the pressure of"aa overwhelm
ing fores of the enemy rendered it necessary.
At one time tbzre they were seen advancing
along the Corduroy rop.d which runs., through,
the rice fields on the west bank. of the riYPr.
A few shells from one . of our batteri3
ported ut the foot of Market street, caused
thern to beat a hasty retreat. It is eaid that
an enterprising Yankee mounted the office of
the Superintendent of th; Manchester r&iiroti
and attempted to hoist, hi3 "national flag: but
while he was thus engaged was picked ,if by
one of our artillerists or sharpshooters, I do
not remember which.
The enemy made their appearance in the
town as our rear guard was goiug out, and
made close pursuit. There was active skir
mishing at Smith's Creek, -two miles north of
Wilmington ; but the enemy irere repulsed and
the biidge destroyed. They managed to cross
in some way, however, and when cur men ar
rived at the bridge over the Northeast river,
were close behind them. Skirmishing ensued,
but the enemy were again driven back, and our
men crossed to'the north bank of the river and
commenced to destroy the railroad and pontoon
bridges. The enemy atteiaptod to prevent
this, and a brisk fire ensued. The roar- of ar
tillery aud the sharp rattle of musketry were
mcess&nt till a late hour ia the night. The
railroad bridge was burned, but the Yankees
contrived to fix it up in some way, eo as te
cross the river on it early Thursday moraiqf.
The pomto"on bridge was cut loose from the
south side and swung around beyond the reach
of the enemy ; but they afterwards got posses
sion of it and speedily repaired it. I could
hear of but one man killed on ourside.
On Wednesday evening the wagon trains be
gan to move from the river, and on Thursday
morning the whole army passed up the road.
Of their numbers, and present locality it would
not be prudent to speak. They will be heard
from in good time, . j
Some dispatches were received here on Sat
urday that we do not deem it prudent to pub
lish. We will state, hovevfr,that they were
encouraging , to all who have determined to
remain here, and aid in the defence of cur
homes. Fag. Td. 27A.
The EvAcCAtrroN of Columbia. The llich
mond Enquirer contaics the following ttxtc
ment, concerning the evacuation of Columbia,
and lbs property lost and saved
It was uncertain at first whether Columbia
would come within the immedf itc rang- of
Sherman's purples, and consequently the
public mind w.ts not prep. red for auch, an
enrly s duti'.n i.f'the question. Tho governs
ment'had, however, just two weeks ago, Ukn
the. precaution tto remove its specie, desposi-ti-d
there, amounting to reveral milli-ns of
dollars, and within the past few days all ot
the dies and plates belonging to the Treasury
Department, together with the supplies of
Treasury t -tes on hand, .were safely con
veyed away. .
Tho enemy being in -pess-Rsiou of Brar.ch
vil'e. Orangebur?, aud Kinsville, 'precluded
movements upon the roads Ieaditg to .Char
leston, and ai unf-Ttuijata accident upon the
Charlotte' r..ad, cutting oil nearly all the roll
ing stock f tha mad from C diirribia, preven
ted' tho auth ritics from making u.ie of that
avenue to sav other valuable materials in the
city. A lartte quantity of medical stores be
longing to ths goverraent were there, one
half of which were saved, nnd the rrst, for
want of timo and transportation, destroyed.
The presses and fixtures for printing Trea
sury notes, in the estal ltiment f -'Evans
Cogewell and Keating' Ball, were necessa
rily abaudov.ed, together with tho other ex
tensiv? machinervf tho welt known firms.
The first named establishment alone had 102
printing presses, and wai unquestionably tho
largest iit.d best equipped publishing house
in the SvU.h.
The enemy's forces operating west of Ca
lumbii, rcr.chc.-d the bar ks of the Cor.garee,
opposite the. city, on Thursday cveninj, aud
threw in a number of shells, to which our
batteries responded. A portion of this colnmn
moved up the river during- the night and
crossed the Saluda ai.d Bread rivers the main
tributaries of the Congarte, which mi et near
Columbia a few miles above the city. Dur
ing this m.-vement TJencraPBeaureEaid. evac
uated the city, and oh Friday .morning the
enemy entered and took possession without
opposition. The enemy's forces entering Co
lumbia consisted of Sherman's main army, a
large portion of which immediately, moved
up to the Charlotte road, while another por
tion has moved down, in tho direction of
Chariest' n.
Beauregard 'U managing ths fituation with
masterly deliberation.
The Fayetteville Observer, commenting on
Sherman's reported change of front in this di
rection, ?ays:
-Our oven impression is that he has been 'so
elated with the capture or the capitals of Geer
gi; and South Carolina, that lie desires to add
to his laurels by captaring llalcigh also. From
Wiansburo' by vJheraw is his nearest route to
Raleigh, couiderdy nearer than by Cbarlottt.
Aud he doubtless sui pu' j that if is itss de-
feuded. In-this we are iLclincJ to think he
will, find himself eiiistakenthat he w-dl find
"a lion in his path." We shall see.
In marching through Georgia, finding no ar
my to oppose hiin ; Shertsan i-f read his forces
over a width cf CO miles, -which it was tbe
boast of writers in his army that thy i:ttTly
devastated. Slieu'd he feel string enough to'
spread his flanks so far apart now, a glaoce at
the map will show that his right will touch
Cam leu, Beum ttsville and Fayettevills ; his
centre Chcstorfield C. II., Chcraw, Rocking
ham and Carthage; and his left Lancaster C.
II., Wa lesboro', the Coal Field?, and possibly
Fittsborough. Eut he may be obliged to keep
his army nil re co npacted, een if he should
succeed in making such a iaarch at all, which
ice do not believe he can do.
It '13 a time of deep concern--a crisis in the
fate of a b.irge part of our State. Let there be
no panic, no l lancUiug iu the faco of danger,
but let us EDcet our duties lit men. ftelir.f
that our homes, 'our prosperity, our lives, und
our hnor, arc all involved in tho issue. It
may be, that by the ble'siiujr. of God we hiay
be saved from so terrible a disaster as defeat
that we may sec the creul vandals discomfited,
defeated, destroyed. May God grant it !" .
Hymn or the Marseilla i-e. The Mar
seillaise Was Inspired by genius,, patriotism,
youth, beauty and champaigue. Ihuget dc
Lisle was an ellioer of the garrison a' Stras-
burg, and a native of Mount Jura. Ho was
an unknown poet a;d composer. He hud a
pljrssnnt friend named Dietrich, who e wife
and datightets were the only critics and admi
rers of t?:e soldier poet's soug. One n;ght ho
was at supper with' Lis friend's family, and
they- had only coarse bread and id lees cfdiam.
Di'-ricjc-, looking sorrtiwlnily at De Lisle,
" Plenty is nt-t our feast, but we have the
courage of the soldier's heart; I have still one
bottle left in the cellar biiug it, my daugh
ter, aud kt us drink to liberty ad our coun
try I"
The. young girl brouirht the bottle it wrs
soonex''irns!cd, an'd De Lisie went staggt-ring
to bed ; he could not sleep for the colu, I ut
his heart was warm and lull of tho beatings
of patriotism. lie to k - .rxaU clavicord and
tried to compose a s ng ; sometirm the words
were composed firs sonietimcs the air; Di
rectly he fell asleep over the instrument, and
w.-sking at daylight wrote down what he had
conceived in the delirium of the night. Then
he awak'-d the' family aud tung his pnxiuc
tion ; at first the vfome.i turned pale, then
they wept, then burst forth in a cry of f nthu-
s;a:?u, 1. was the soirg of the nation ami of
terror.
Two months'jafterwards Dietrick went to
the scdlT.-ld Jistc-ning to the eelf same music,
composeel under his own roef and by the in
spiration of his kt hcttie of wine. The
people sang it everywhere it Hew from city
to city, to every public orchestra. Marseilles
adopted the song at the opening and clcsc of
its clubs -hence toe name, "Hymn of the
Marsdllaise ;v then it spread all over France.
They i-ungit in their houses, in public assem
blies, and in tiie stoimy street convention.
De Lislc's mother heard it, and said to her
son. "What i3 this revolutionary hymn sung
by, bands of brigands, with which your name
is mingled ?" De Lisle heard It, shuddered
as it sounded through tho streets of Paris, and
rung from.the A'pina parses, while he, a
royalist, fled from the infuriated people, fron
aied by Hs own words. Fia; ce was a groat
amphitheatre cf anarchy and blood, and De
lis.e's song was the battle cry.
There is no national air that will compare
with the Marseillaise in sublimity and power;
it embraces the's-afc cadences full of the neas-
ant'e home, and the st rmy clangor of silver j
ai d steel when an empira is overthrown ; it i
euuears tco memory ot tne vine dresser's cot
tage, and makes the Frenchman in his txilo,
cry "La belle France !" 'forgetful of the torch
and sword atd guillotine, which have made
his country a spectre of blood in the eyes of
nations. Nor can the foreigucr Jisten io it,
sung by a company of exiles', or executed by
a band of musicians ' without feClin that it is
tbo pibroch of battle and war.
TELEGll A im c ;
Confederate TcRgrcs??" "
RICH?iO.D. Feb. 2Q.-Xlhi-cf
donein the Senate to dar.
The House ps.d the Senate hill cetfUMj!r,
e flag of the Confederate States; also the J!f,uf.
11, providing for tlia payment of hcr. s 1
the
bill
or lost ia Bervice ; a!so tfcff llouje bill p. J1 . j. ;
the elect!. system in tillinc vacanci. 3 ofrun;
im thj several ra lfs of C0R'ni.ionc.l e'cT,':"
th- arur. The bill provides for ncruir.ttio;., , J",
as?ijnuoent.', when the notninaticnj cr.? ajprcvj
by the General comuiTvHn:r. Th.) rcfoluti. n ex.
pe'lir.g Fot-t was adopted, yeas 73. no tatiTA
.vote. Tlx lliue then went into. secret tia
It is -.ndoritood that fceth Irncs of th? Vif -;n
ia Legislature have pas;d resrtluM'ics ir?trati
the Senators from tins Stat ia the Coi!.(i.ra,
Congrees t vote fur a bill putting the nt'rur s n
the army.
U1CHMONI). FcU. 25.--Ti.e Hons, i
session, has pa.csed' a biU aathorizinj: th kR j ,e r
m.nt f nrgro trao;.s yea3 40 ; nay.- T,".
Th' bill authorises the President 9 Sn fr fJ(j
accept from th owners of laves ?uch a tiiiia'jr
of able-bodied pgro mn as ho war dco rX..
dient, for and dnring the ar, to perfoirn wilita.
ry service ia whatever cipacity. If a nlioiprt
number of troops arc not raied by this call th
PreKident may call upnn each Stat? f . r ifsqn?:,
to r?.iie three hundred thcusard. !Cotii:); la t! t
act is to be construed to Authorize a (bw- ;
the ri-lations tr vehich taid flar.f j,a (,Jr ,
wards their owners as property, except ? tho
conseat of the onnerp, and States in nhitb Alar
naay rttide
Rlir rittan's Movpraouts,
FAYKTTEVILLK March 1. -Ti e latest leu),
ligence from thi front locate b'LetuiH'j at Lyr.uc's
Creek. He is supposed to bo EtriHn;; (or tls
coMtt. As 1 te as tbo 26th, no Vart-vs wtre
advancin-r in this direction from Vuhnhvion.
Other intelligence contraband, but cf uu ta"
couraging character.
The Confe'derae steamer ' Chickacuua" rraj
destroyed by her crew,' to prevent her hd.iVf jBj
the hands of the enemy, at Gray's PoLt, on iks
Capo Fear river, on Saturday.
s::coxi mt-'FAreu.
FAVETTEVILLK, N. C. March. l.-A 5Pn.
tie man just in from Lunaberrvr., rtprt3 tlita
eourier arrived thtrc last niLt from ( li' raw uitU
intelligence that a portion of Shei luan'i arm
had bi en met near t'hera-v, a:.e dcfckUd, and
that Shennan was retreating in the direction ef
Charleston.
This is net oflicial.
Confi-dcrat (owirrrss.
RICHMOND, IVb. 2S. -The Senate pas?id th
bill to continue in terco until July, lGG, th art
to increase the compensation of nitn-eomiiiiiorn.-l
ofacers and privates in the Coafcdei ate t-iti ?.
The Uvuse bill to levy r.dJi'.irnal tax for 1?C"-,
was reported b?ck from the Comniitlce on 1 i
.nanee, with numcroiH amendments; nii&oritv
report has been sabniitted.
After s. cret ees?ion the Senate alj-.arnoJ.
, In the House to day, the exemption wxn
referred to the Committee of CofVrenc. T.'i? Sen
ate bdl ah-!idiingtho ofliee of Provost Mi:?VJ,
except within the limits of the armies t:i. a:ncnl.
ed and passed. Th.1 Senate bid naiiring mle
refugees to perform military duty in there.-eivo
forces was rfiesed. Tho "denntrs bill nut bori-
zin:
the Secretary of War to
n.-'otiut!
with the Governments of the several Ststef tor
the employment of slave labor with our arnov?,
to work u'po.i fortiti cation, c, cu"i:dj
and passed yeas 43, naya 39. Ahr action oc
considerable other bills, tiie MoU'S'j adjourned.
0rN1crn Xcws.
. RTCH.MO.Vi, Feb. 2S. .Voth-m ionrnds f
Saturday state that Capt. HckII, n V. onT. Ir: ;to
guerilla, was bur.;.- on Governor' Island on I'ri
pay aftirn u. Ilia last, words wee I protiht
aain.t tho t-xt'CUtiou oflhis eenteree; it is
lute murder brutal inttr'der. I diy in defem'O
and in the sf rvice of my country."
An oflicial telegram relative io the capture of
Vihrfirigtrn, claims seven hundn-d prioneru,
and thirty uns. Captured citizens state tl at
to rebfds burnd 1,000 btles cf cotton, and
5,00(1 bbls. of rosin. The Union teelitg thovcd
itself quite Ftronglv in the city.
Terry Hdloweu ib.ko northward.
There was excitement in Knoxvi'deon the 22th,
owi"g to a report of Lo-g3tect's coaimad mov
ing on that place.
A. fperial Washington telegram to the DVj
ATcr? asserts that the vicit of Singleton a-'l
Hujh'??, is of a strictly private nature, and b' irs
no political siffnitieance whatever.
Gen. Caroy will movo from Pensicola to co
operate with "Thomas.
Kccru-iting is said to be active in Ohio.
la diicassins; the fortification bill in Conrre'J
on Friday Hevcrdv JMmson stated that if tho ar
continued two y eat f longer, it was by no iru au
certain we pbould imt have foreign war. AcItIcj
from France, he said, bih public and privfitt-. in
dicate the purpose of tin Km-j-eror to reecjiiizo
lha Confederacy, if tiii rtbllioa ws not pa.-iiji
vithin a roHt'uiHble period.
Gold unchanged.
SCOTCH AND 11IG1I-TOA.ST
SNUFF.
The " DIXIE LADY " Scotch SrulT, is nana
factured by. CLARK fc MILLER, Graham, N. C.
This finely iivijafd Sculf is manul'acturci cf
the best material?, with a determination to maka
it the best dentiilice now offered to the public
great care being taken to have all the ingredients
tree from dirt or other itnpuritb.
It is prepared under the immediate inanf' rrr
and supervision of a careful per.-on who has
much experience in the employ nf the LtviLLAi:'.i
in thtir Snuff FactorV, in .New York Citv.
Tke HIGiLTOAST is a Salt Snuff. Abo, rut
upon paekagea.of half-pound each, in fcoxs
fiftvpouads, thf-justly celebrated old " STONE
WALL " SmokinirTolacco, and C1GAKS eftfce
finest quality that ie put up in the Conf-dcrat
jan !S-d2taw6w
D. C Murray.' J. A. JIookk. W. J. in'
i. C. MURRAY & CO.,
AUCTION AND COMMISSION iMERCHASTSi
FAYETTEVILLE STREET. UA LEIGH. N. C,
Having regularly commenced LuMnew,- Eeuca
consignments. They will attend promptly t tte
purchase andealtt of all Gooda, Stosis, ic., ac.
C. Dewey, Cash., W. II. J Ca?h-
Messrs. llarris & Howell, Wilmington.
J. 11. Lindsa. Cashier, Greensboro .
D. A. Davis,Ca?hier, : a'i?bury.
T. W. Dcwrev, Cashier, Charlotte.
A. McLean, Cashier, Tayttttyille.
James E. Cutbbert, Cashier, Pctrr?bur?,
Branch, Morton & Co., Kichciond, a.
feb 8-w6t .
R
IT IN" A W A Y
Taken up and committed to jail, ia PuCi'
7 ..... 1... n-hrt Os
.. A. XT II - litV
hia name is JOliX SMITH, and says he l
I.-1 : - t.-m: j r:ii:m rnjik. ot '
county, and that he was purchased vi .j
Smith, of Hyde county, about i years ac- h
boy is about 20 yearsold, 5 feet 5 inches n
glow of speech, yellow complexion, baa on
cotton pants, dove colored canmere coa l-.
says be was hired last year tj tho High.
Iron Manufacturing. Conipanv. rj
The owner is hereby noticed to roms '''"
prove property, pay charges anl tike liini a .
fb l-w6m of Cabirru county, c