J
-." ... -:7
A
9
Km." . .., .
THE CONFEDERATE.
A. 31. G0RM1X & ; CO., Proprietors.
TERMS:
pyil.Y EDITION, for fi months $15
1 .. 4 3 9
1 " 3
i Kl-WnnKLV, Tor C months 10
u 3 " 5
Vr:i:KLV EDITION, for 6 month? 5
o siiO'cripiionfi will be reeeived on any other
rrm- than the above, ior for a loager or shorter
p.-ttod.
THE CONFEDERATE.
ADVERTISING-.
ADVruTl3R3K.tT8 will be inserted at tans
soLtAMper wpiref ten liaes (or lest) for tith
iaaertioa. Uaniage aotlses sari obit car ls M e
aargad as adysTftssissiU.
JOB WORK.
JOB TTORC of every Hoseriptinii will be e
ecated at this OQee with dk-patea, aad as seal I r
as can be doss a ay where la the boatbera C
ederacy. frii:
VOL. 1.
RALEIGH, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 15, 1864.
NO. 20.
I a
IP It
WW
Ecleslastlcal Politics.
The Pro'estant Episcopal church of the
piocrseof Pennsylvania, held its annual Con
vention at Pittsburg on Monday the 20tb
u! f . Heretofore this denomination of christian
worshipers bad warded off tho introduction
if social and political differences from their
cliurcb meetings. When, therefore, tho chord
of christian and tocial unity and affection
which bound the great churches, the Metho
dist KpLscopal, tho Presbyterian and the Bap
tist, snapped assunder, this, the Holy Catho
lic or Protestant Episcopal, remained intact
in its religious union. It was not because
there was less in its midat of the disorganize
ing and uncongenial element which severed
the other, but because by skill and pru
dence its growth and influence was held out
of view.
Unquestionably, in the Episcopal a3 in the
other churches, wo, the South, the Truth, the
Right, had sympathizers and supporters ; just
as our enemies and aggressors have sympa
thizers and suppcUers here. There aro men
in the South, who have married and raised
childrec and been maintained and employed
with all'eotioaato and reverential regard, who
have always been inimical 10 our instiution
which was the prominent subject of assault
who h.tj carried this hostility into a realf
abiding sympathy agaiust our success; who
play f r our deliverance with no earnestness,
and who scarce refrain from actual and mani
fest demonstrations of sympathy with our
mortal enemies; ome, we have been told, who
really conduct the established imprecations of
the church with a mental reservation, which
i nothing moro nor less than a compact with
the devil. Wc have ever thonht thai all
such ought in common honor and honesty to
take off aud get with their sympathisers in a
congenial element.
Thor are, and havo been always, noble
divines who, before the question resulted in
disruption, maintained at the North the right
and justice of our cause ; and thero are those
even yet, who defy power, by setting forth
the truth with independence before their con
gregations. Hut as in politics, so in religion: tho friends
of truth and justice are a helpless minority ;
aud if any one needed to be convinced of the
folly of supposing a reconstruction ot Govern
ment, social aud political, between tisand cur
enemies possible, the proof is furnished in the
manifest antagonism and hostility in the
churches, now without exception.
The resolutions of this Pennsylvania Con
vention will be found i" mother column.
They are strictly pcal, and are character
ized by all the r"a!tues ant a tuc dishones
ty of par' plforms. They assert a false
hood stemc"fc tna 'Jrs 's a rebellion
-a falsehood which ih y and their fathers
inveighed against from the day the former
signed the Declaration of Independence in '7G,
down to the dissolution of the Union.
Hut these Totters, Welshes, Morrises, and
Van Deusens, who mix tl. colony and tho love
of God with politics aud hatred of their fellow
men, have emulated Seward and Stanton, and
not with an unsuccessful rivalry, in the art
which has most distinguished the Yankee
Government. With an ap an easy capacity,
these Reverend Fathers in God, and irrcverend
s.ns of the father of their new profession,
calculate within how small a compass they
can compend tho largest he ; and they content
themselves with a wonderful unanimity to
produce it in four or live short lines :
Ami whereas, This Rebellion has more and more
assumed a character of barbarous fanaticism and
murderous ferocity on the part of the eueuiieo of
fh nation. Therefore, in tiew of the character
ami causes of this struggle, Ac.
The barbarious fanaticism of which the
rebellion, according to those godly saints, has
more and more assumed the character, is the
fanaticism of supposing that we are mere
creatures of the living God, endowed with
intellectual faculties and moral attributes
that we are superior to the ignorant Africans
who has been our slaves and the slaves of our
ancestors, and slaves from "he earliest times:
that we are capable of governing ourselves
of associating with those who fellow with us,
and are corrgontal and cau be esteemed, and
of withholding our association from those we
deem filthy, abominable and corrupt the
fanaticism of wishing to bo let alone, to seek
cur own happiness, and to worship our own
God. This fanaticism, with tho Episcopal
brethren of Pennsylvania, and some of their
sympathizers south of Richmond, is abotniua
blc. While that fauaticism which assailed
our constitutional rights, trampled on our Gov
ernmental privileges, yioIate4 our social tastes
shocked our moral sense ; wh ich saught not to
elevate tho negro but to reduce the white to
equalization ; which waged war on us and has
desolated our fields, destroyed our habitations,
plundered our homes and violated and mur
dered our people, until there is pcarce a stream
that flows through our soil that has not drunk
the red hot blood of our martyrs; which now
beleaguers our cities and pants and thirsts for
the hour when it may sale its appetite amid
rapine, and riot, and lust, and conflagration
and murder for the destruction of our. popu
lation. .
This fanaticism, 'these ordaiued ministers of
Jesus Chri&t and successors, as they call them
selves, of his Holy Apostles, (successors we
concede them to be if they came in by the
door instead of over the wall) call holy zeal,
righteous means, which they "hail wtih jnbi
lant gladness and devout gratitude," while tho
enduring courage, unflinching devotion and
stern, inexorable, unabating determination,
which peu and fasten our leaders and soldiers
to sufferinj, privation, peril and death ; which
held them between the holy fanatics and the
strong desirps of thoir hearts. Tht3 they call
"murderous ferocity ;" and with these choice
epthets, so abonnding in fraternity and charity,
recorded on -lr rainufes and disseminated
through their diocese, they prepare tn pray
that their lacerated coun'ry may-again be so
united that from the Lakes on the north to
'the Gulf on the south, and from the Atlantic
to the Pacific, there shall bo but oue Union,
one government, . one flag, one constitution ;
the whole culminating in the higher glory
which Fhall make this nation Emanuel's land,
a mountain of holiness and a fit dwelling place
of rightewu-ness."
"Aud thus these righteous revellers in hate
and fury, hurl their prayers against our de
voted heads, as the drunken Grant his whiskey
besotted soldiers prayers and soldiers alike
worthy of success, and alike successful. It U
not the first time the devil secured the pulpit
for the theatre of his acting this Protestant
Episcopal Convention of Pennsylvania. It is
well as it is; for it adds to the accumulated
evidence, that total, final, complete separation
jn every possible form, by every manner of
means, should be and remain the determination
of this people.
Peace.
We surrender a considerable, space, to the
following article from the Richmond Whig
with the above title. It is just towards .the
President, towards Gov. Vance, and the Peace
party of Georgia, and tne other peace party
' of dupes led on by traitors."
We shall hereafter notice this article more
particularly. The Charleston Courier, and
others, wonder at the notice bestowed on Mr.
H Men here in North Carolina. They are not
aware how much of evil has been threatened
among us how near we have been to its ac
complishment, and what a system of politics
is now pursued by this " self-rnade candidate, "
who does not meet his competitor bodly on the
slump, but is editing -a semi-weekly sheet in
advocacy of his own pretentions, which is fill
ed -with all manner of ' mischief, that requires
neutralizing.
The Whig is a conservative paper, aud at
the time of its enunciation endorsed Vice
President Stephens' speech. But now, seeing
i'.s impracticability, speaks out plainly the
true means to procure peace. Wc commend
it to the careful peroral of our conservative
friends in North Carolina :
Pkack. President Davis' well-written let
ter to Gov. Vance contains arguments' which
must have occurred to. every man of under
standing, who has permitted himself to think
upen the subject of peace. Tbes arguments
are put together by the President in a style so
e'ear and forcibly that we might indulge the
hope that no effort would be wade to answer
them, did we n;Vt knnw the temper of the
leaders of the party to whom they aTc address
ed. They are deaf to all argument, and, un
fortunately, their victims arc credulous enough
to be misled by them. Hut the State which
has sent nearly 100,000 brave men to the field,
and which claimed half of the men composing
LeVs army when the last battle of the Wilder
ness was fought, may safely bo trusted.
There are, or rather -were, however, two so
called Peace Parlies in the Ssnitb ; one in
Georgia, the other in North Carolina. The
latter embraced mcn who confessed them
selves willing to-accept peace on terms sdiort
of independence , and some of them were un
questionably taintcd.iWith treason. Their or
gans sought to canry the rich against t kj poor,
and in so doiog failed iot to inflame the
popular mind with,, epithets and catch-words
borrowed from the Abolition prints of the
North. This party, or the main portion of it,
at least, changed its tune and slunk oat' of
sight at the first intimation of the exhibition
of power ; proof at once of their weakness and
their conscious treason.
The party in Georgia, occupied higher
ground, and were composed of a different
class of men. Basing their action upon State
Sovereignty, they declared eternal war against
Lincoln, and would listen to no terms short of
absolute and complete independence. Their
hobby was 'Teace through the intervention
of the States." They held that the Confede
rate Government was the "first barrier erected
against the enemy ; when that was over
thrown," as they , feared it might be, "the
Stales wou d remain.; and they could not be
overthrown." They seemed to think that the '
governments at Washington and Richmond,
made up as they were of party politicians,
imbued with deadly hatred to each other,
could never make terms; and, this being the
case, no recourse was left but to fall back up
on the Sovereign States, North and South,
(whose Agents had failed, and would forever
tail, to negotiate peace), and thus to refer the
question to the masters ic stead of the men.
Hopeless of foreign intervention, they looked,
in the last extremity, to intervention through
the instrumentality of the' Northern Peace
Party acting upon the States, whose sovereign
ty had been merged into the consolidated des
potism of Lincoln, and would naturally be
anxious to recover their rights from the usur-
in.
JThe Georgian idea was not without plausi
bility, especially at 4be time it was broached,
for then it seemed realty" that the Confederate
Government was about to imitato the usur
pations of Lincoln, ud, while in the very act
of wag'mg a war in defcuce of the great priu-
ciple of State Rights, to overthrow them, on
the specious pretext of military .necessity.
Tbo policy of State Intervention" was possi
bly only in the event of the overthrow of the
two governments ; nor did the Georgians pro
pose to act so long as the Confederate Govern
ment was sustained by the people, any more
than they proposed to treat with Lincoln at
anytime or ou any terms. Indeed, it was
distinctly declared that the very first step
toward even an attempt at " State Interven
tion" was the defeat of Lincoln's armies in the
field ; and to this end the Georgians invoked
for the Confederate Government and armies
the hearty, unanimous support of the States
and the-people, . . -
Such is the history of tho t wo Peace Parties,
at the South, and such their nrincinlee. Our
j. r i .1 t-r ! - rtN
cu"iu ica arc welcome iu utv luionusuuu. uqq
consisted of dupes, led on by traitors; the
other of men of sense and social position, who
sought to bring statesmanship to the assist
ance of the sword, and who, lookingibeyond
the struggle, endeavored to foresee and sfeape
events, whether success or temporary failure
attended our arms. In the midst of the tu
multuous waves of warx they fixed their sheet
anchor firmly in the rock of State Sovereignty.
Those who were sincere in their convictions
are entitled to respect; those who were actu
ated by the bitterness of party recollections
deserve commisseration, for they have discov
ered that they are the dupes of their own
gloomy anticipations. The Coufeder-to Gov
ernment has obtained the despotic powers for
which it clamored, perhaps without cause ;
but to its credit be it said, it has not abused
those powers, to the detriment of the freedom
of opiui'ui or t'te injury of private rights.. If
it cried like a child for its rattle, it has not
made half the noise that. was expected.
Of these two parties, one is aead, and the
other moribund. Holden is busy with, his
machinations to secure the seat of Governor,
but his election Would make him a new and
more respectable, man, and his defeat will
reduce him to his eld level of a common, scold
and an idle grumbler. The Georgia party
ceased to exist from the moment it bdeame
apparent that the policy of State Intervention
whs out of the question ; the people being
willing to trust the question of peace to the
same agency to which the.y had entrusted the
conduct of the war. Under the Constitution,
aud while that agency continues not to abuse
its ample powers, no intervention is admissi
ble and none contemplated. The power to
declare war and to make peace rests with the
. Agent; and there the people are willing for it
to rest.
As f r peace itself, the people understand
the question as well as President Davis or
Governor Vance. Our terns are v'indepen-
between these there is no middle terms. While
the Abolition armies are on our il, proposi
tions for peare are ridiculous. When these
armies are defeated and driven off, we may
expect to hear of terms from' the enemy, not
before. Unw,liU to. bvQom the slaves of a
race infinitely worse tlran our own slaves, wo
must have independence, and, by God's grace,
we will have it. That is peace; anything else
is eternal war.
Kaleidoscopic View.
THE SAME PICTURE FROM DIFFERENT bTANU-
P.UNTS.
"Mr. Hampton is a stupid, uninformed
person. It is not for us to refresh the leaden
memory of Mr..
Hampton.
o a 9
He should
bear in rr iud the solemn injunction of the
oath itself, to 1. 11 the truth, the whole truth,
and nothiug but the truth." '
Mr. Iolden, Raleigh Standard, June 3G4.
"The meeting at Willcesborough on the 7th;
was largely attended. W . W. Hampton, Esq.,
presided. It will not do to say that W. W.
Hampton, Dr. Callawoy, Calvin J. Cowlcs,
Kev. S. P. Smith . a are not true to th.
South; They are as true men as the State
contains.' -Jlr. Holden, August 19, 1803.
Cease !- A file bites you.
Protestant Episcopal Convention of
Pennsylvania.
llfffved, That this Convention of the I. E. tl.,
in the Diccese of Pennsylvania, as a bodjr of Chris
tian men, pledged to the Government ot our coun
ty our prayers, sympathy and support in this war
for existence, union, liberty and peace. -
Hmolvcd, That the authors ana abettors of this
Rebellion, wJerever . they . are found, are alone
guilty of all the bloodshed and desolation entail
ed by this contest upon North aad South, now or
hereafter.
Re wived, That in the long delay of success In
suppressing this monstrous Rebellion, we see won.'
derfuliy manifest the hand of God, training by
. his severest chastisements, this reluctant people to
a readiness to do justice and show mercy to a long
oppressed and outraged race.
Resolved, That under present circumstances the
National Government, whether executive, legis
... Litiva or judicial, u, in our Judgment, solemnly
bound to use all its power, ana employ every au
thorized and constitutional nrcans for the speedy,
and total abolition or slavery throughout the land;
and that as patriots, freemen, we shall hail with
jubilant gladness and devout gratitude to God the
day of its final extinction.
After reading the preamble and resolutions,
. Dr. Goodrich proceeded to address the Con
vention. At tho conclusion of his remarks,'
the Convention adjourned until Thursday
morning.
The Convention met in Trinity Church, on
Thursday morning, and was called to order
by Bishop Potter.
The discussion on the resolutions offered
by Dr. Goodwin, of Philadelphia, was then
resumed.
. Rev. E. A. Washbnrne, of St. Mark's, Phii
adelphia, was not present when the resolu
Hons were offered, and was opposed to forcing
resolutions of such a character upon the Con
vention for its adoption or rejection. He was
in favor of supportiag the Administration in
every just manner, but objected to thrusting
the resolutions upon the Convention t the
risk of the reputation of those who refused
to vote for them. He would vote against the
resolution upon the ground that this ws not
the proper place to discuss them. He spoke
as he felt, and was w iliing to abide by the
consequences.
Hon. Cbas. Sbaler was opposed to the in
troduction of politcal notions and political de-
roonstratioas into the :hn-ch. He had lived to
see the G institution of his country tra moled,
and he now feared that th constitution of hi
beloved Church would be overthrown. (Cries
of order and hisses ) He remarked, that he
had lived too long to be disturbed either by.
the applause of his friends or the exclamations
tf his enemies:'
Dr. Goodwin wished to make an explana
tion. Dr. Washbnrne had implied .that (he
resolutions were intended to force an expres
sion against his Christian duty. This was not
the case ; there was no person under compul
sion. He thought every person had the same
rights and the same independence as Dr.
"Washbnrne. The silence of t'e Convention
on this great question would hve been ms-i
interpreted, and this was the motive which
prompted, the introduction, f 4he resolutions.
He thought the-only compulsion widen would
result from the question would be felt by
those who in their heart desired to vote for the
resolutions, but dared not do it. Ho appealed
to every member of the Convention to vote as
he should answer to God, without fear or com
pulsion. Rav. Mr. Morris, of Germantown, said he
was opposed to slavery and to tho Rebellion.
He was opposed, however, lo the introduction
of the resolutions into tho Convention, and
would vote against them.
Mr. W.' Welsh was prepared tor the oppo
sition with which the resolutions bad been
met. He was in favor of the adoption of the
preamble and the first and Inst resolutions, as
they contained all that the church was called
upon to express. He therefore moved to
amend by striking out the .second and third
resolutions.
Judge Stroud said he was in favor of all
the resolutions, and was also prepared to vote
for the amendment.
Rev. Dr. Van Deusen remarked that he did
not intend td occupy the time of tho Conten
tion, but desired to offer the following substi
tute for 'the resolutions and the amendment,
which he thought would express the sense of
the members :
Resolved, That we hereby declare our unfalter
ing allegiance to the Government of the United
States, and that we pledge it our willing devotion
and ferrice, and that, ad a body of Christians we
will ever pray that in God's own time and way,
this Rebellioh " may be put down ; that oppres
sion and slavery, in all its forms, may be done
away; that freedom of body and mind, political
and religious, may everywhere prevail; thai the
emancipated negroes, whom Godiu His Providence
is committing to our care, may be the object of
Our liberal and Christian regard aad instruction ;
that war may soon cease throughout all our bor
ders, nd that our now lacerated country may
again be so united that, from the Lakes on the
North to the Gulf onthe Soctb, and from the At
lantic to Cbe Pacific, there slrall be but one Union,
one Government, one Flae, one Constitution, the
whole culminating in the higher glory which shall
make th nation Emanuel's land a mountain of
holiness, and "a fit dv Hi: g-place of righteous
ness." - ,
''Rev. Mr. Atkins moved t amend tho sub
stitute' by adtlbtg - rcrrw-p4fcrtnWe and 'first
resolution originally offered Ou the question
being taken the motion was lost.
After soma discussion the substitute was
L further amended, and was adopted as follows,
witn nut two or inree uis?ntmg voces :
Whereat, There exists in this country an organ
ized aud armed Rebellion, whose purposa is the
destruction ot our National Union and the per
petuation of negro slavery ;
And whereas, This Rebellion has more and more
assumed a character of barbarous fanaticism and
murderous ferocity on the part of the enemies of
the nation : therefore, in view of the cause? and
character of this struggle,
(Here follows the amended substitute )
From Hoke's Brigade.
Hoke's Brigade, near Mechanicsvillk, )
June 3, 1864. f
Ed Hot s Con f ulerafe ; Ow r bri gade h a s be e n
put to a terrible test since we b ft Newberh on
the Cth of May. It has gone tbroush some of
the hardest marches of the war. It bore its
part gallantly on the battle field of Drewry's
Bluff, on tbp 16ch, ulr., as our sad list of killed
and w irndexl will abundantly demonstrate.
Among the killed on the bloody field, we have
to mourn the loss of Major J. A.. Rogers, com
manding thn 64th Capt. James of the 2 ho,
nd Lieut: Leflcrof tba 57th N. C. T.
The 2 1st Georgia, ml 43rd N." C., have ro
joimd their original brigade, (Daniel's) and
Lieut. Col. Lewis continues as our ' brigade
commander. ; We have been in lice of battle
since Sunday the SOth ult., and fighting and
skirmishing lias neeu our daily wrk.
On day before Yesterday; t lie division com-
mahded by Major Gen. Hoke was attacked by
a heavy force of tho enemy, and a Moody
struggle ensued. A portion of CHngman
brigade gave way, being outflanked by the
enemy, "but being reinforced by Colquitt's
brigade, th loft ground was retaken, aud thf
enemy driven back with heavy loss. Among
the many brave men whose loss to their coun
try and friends we deplore, I will mention
among the killed, Col. J. R: Mmchison, 5th
N.a T.,Cot.TyTren of Virginia. Gd. Willis
of th 12th Georgia, and Major Smith of the
45th, N. C.. "What an offering hes been made
upon "the altar of our country ! - Our . in
killed and wounded in this engagement I am
UDable to give."
On yesterday, about 4 o'clock, p. m., the
di visions ol i Gordon and Rodes, oT E well's corps,
now forming the left of the whig, attacked the
enemy's line of entrenchments nponVis right,
bv a successful flank movement, and after a
desperate struggle which lasted until dark,
carried three Hues of breastworks, which we
still hold, and captured five hundred and
fifteen prisoners. But in the midst of our
rejoicing upon this important victory, we have
to mourn the loss of Brig. Gen. Doles of
Georgia, wh-i was killed at the head of his ,
brigade. -Our country could not boast ofa
more devoted patriot, or .a more gallant officer.
Darkness hushed the fury of the storm of
battle, but truly we had lamentation and wail
ing at the division-field hospital, where I am
staying. .
At daylight this morning the enemy attack
ed our line of breastworks on the portion held
by Longstreet's corps . and for nearly three
hours the battle raged . with great fury at thu
point, and a heavy and spirited artillery duel
sprang up all along the line, Which must be
at least six or eight miles in extent. The
Yankee infantry made several acsacJts upon
oar line, but was driven back with great loss ,
at all pointy and I learn the ground is literally
covered with his dead in front of our en-
triBchtnratK. Tb Yankee loss in kiTkd and
woonded on y sterday ws terribly ureal, (the
p isnaerg from all tlx poiuu will foot up 1900 )
aeeordipjr to the statement of their prisoners
made to me thrir killed and wormded will no
doubt amount to six or seven thousand. Tne
fifth New Yurk, which had onlv reached here
the day before, wer literally cut to pieces,
their Colonel being the firt man killed. These
were " Zraaves, " fancy ringed gents, in red
pants and caps, which made a fine mark for
our rifle mn.
All is excitement here, but the greatest con
fidence prevails. No ono doubts the final re
sult. Not a wurd of croaking." "A conserva
tive of the straiteat ect, r could not get up a
peace meeting of three meti; nnlcps it were
held in the guard bouse. Oar army is all
right. Grant hr.s. failed to get the position on
the Chicka hominy obtained by McClellan.
Oea. Lee holds Cold Harbor, (where the battle
was fought to-day.) and Gaines' Farm. Pleaae
excuse the rom de plumi of Sigma. .
Injustice to a Bilgadc.
HsADQ'aa Cunmman's Rrioaok,
Cold Harbor, June 5th, 1844. (
To the Editor of the Richmond Dispatch :
My attention has been called to a statement
in your paper, that in the battle of the first
instant,. Clingman's brigade gave way for a
time." As this statement does great injustice
to the galla it and patriotic men under my
command, I earnestly request you to publish in
your next issue this noto. My brigade was in
line of battle on that occasion, and was heavily
attacked along its entire front, from right to
leit. The enemy advanced not only in line of
battle, but on the left wing also In heavy
colamos, masked by the line of battle in thtir
front This attack was repeatedly and signally
repulsed with great loss to the enemy in my
entire front. Near our left, whore they same
in columns, their dead were much thicker tban
I have ever reen them on any battlt field. Any
force advancing in front would have been de
stroyed as fast as it conM come up, for my
men were regularly supplied with fresh am
munition, and fought with the utmost coolnes?,
courage, and cheerfulness. !
There was, however, in the beginning of the
engagement, a brigade from another State than
my own, stationed on our left. This brigade
did give way, and while the contest wa geing
on in onr front, the enemy, in large force, oc
cupied the gronnd on our left fl ink and rear.
After we had repelled the lat atUck in front,
and the men were cheering along the line, the
8th regiment, which formed my left, was sud
denly attacked on its left flank and rear. The
woods there being thick, and the smoke dense,
the enemy had approached within a few yards
and opened a heavy fire on the rear of the 8;h
as well as itsjeft. If this Yegimeut hid then
given way, ifmipht have eciped with much
les loss ; but, true to it? reputation and its past
eoflduct, it, brf:icinj in two dirtctronn, at
tempted to hold it"- position, affd tlma lost nh'ut'
trr? thirls of it Minbers The le:t wing of the
51st, next t it, tuficrrd in the mmr m-tntier
heavi.y, bi cause it continued the fisht bv facing
in two direction. They persevered in ths even
after the time ; when, seeing that the contest
could n it be maintained in this mode. I ordered
them back, and with the aid of their officers
withdrew 0 e survivors. Thev were then form
ed in lite of btttl jierpemlicnlnr to the origia' j
one. with the lst and blst .regiments, which
had also rep lied ali tlie enemy in their front
The brigade was thus r.nder a constant fire
fr m the enemy, formd in new line of bat
tle across the open fi H. While it was so d--ing,
the 27th Georgia reimeut, of Geo. G1
quitfs brigade, came up from our riht hand
somely, and advanced in line with us. The
enemy, were then, aftc a short struggle, driven
back, and the whole -f n:y original linn was
rcoccupied, but tlw pa iti.u ol the brig de on
in v left remained in the possession of the ene
my without any attempt cv r being n.a Ic io
reiake it. I feel confident that no brigade i
from any State, in this war, or any othor war.
ever acted better than did rniac under such
cireumstanc. s. It in ly tiot be amiss to state
that within th l2t three weeks it has lost in
battle eleven hrr dred aud sevenythroo men.
It is a singular fact, too, (but oi;c that is in
disputably true,) that in crcry instance in
which it has been engaged, whether att-uking
cr defending itself, it ha decided ly and Mo
rtally beaten the enmy in its frnt anil that
four-fifths if its Iosfcs have lw-en sustained
sokdy Itccausc its flanka have been left unpro
tected by the troop which honld have been
there. The; have suffered in this way on NX
differeid. occasion..
I wi'l not, however, trus mvhclf further to
stcak of these things. Having been for a full i
month in the trenches every night and day.
ana a part ot tne time wiiu ut a single stall
officer, all the members of my staff preset. t
having beeusliot down in the late ei.gsemeots,
I have little leisure to. write. at length. As
this statement is not iong, I earnestly request
those editors whose papers have copied the
article above referred to. to publish this, re
membering that, next lo hte country, the true
soldier values the reputation and glory of his
own good actions.
Very respectfully, yours, el.,
T. L. CLINGMAN, Brig. GeD.
Gen'l Military Hospital No. 2,
Wilson, N. C., May 31, 1864.. J
It is generally known to the Press, that daring
a few months past, I delivered Addresses at sev-
eral places, on the War and State of tha Country.
Voluntary cobtribations, in money, were made on
theso occasions, for the benefit of the siak and
wounded in the General Hilifary. Hospitals of the
State. I havo been directed by tho proper au
thority to acknowledge the receipt of the sums
collected at tne places visitcu, wuicn are as
follows :
Greensboro', $436 30; nill&boro', 762 60) Raleirh ,
359 40; Wilmington, BCJ 75; Mich ad Cronly, Eu.k
10,000; Lexington, 33603; PitUboro', 50965:
Fayettevitle, 1,143 40; Chaitotte, 730; Balfabarr,
ione aigbi only, weather bad,) 114 50; lira. K. P.
luion, (thrauxh lira. Dr. UicJtoo,) ISO; Kenana
ville, 183 55; Kiaston. 174 50; Goldsboro', 194 50;
total, $15,916 60-. Traveling ezpeases 269 : leaving
the Mm of $15,647 60.
This aaMwat hat been banded over to the 8r
geon in chats, for which I bare hia receipt Ha
has tranaferred it to Sargeoa P. E. Hints, ttadieal
Director oCVoapttab tn this State, whohasfis
posed of it for the pai poses intended by the donors
ad in a aanoar deemed moat jodidous and sn.
table. Owiag U a severe attack of CbMtt, Oa
delivery of ay adresiwhaabeaniaisgsnsdfssiiJi
' or eight weeks, bat will be r caused as soon ss ay
health issxCsisndy watered. Dae notice wCl be
aivan of the places aad tines of say next vista.
DEUBT LACY, Chap, of Post.
Frea ttt Ynllcy or TlrciRU.
. We stern led to fear fnwi a dispatch pub
lished in yttsr day's p.ppr, that Hunter, the
oewsor cf Ceiglo, woild rcieh Staunton, and
tlie being rw fortm ifilcient r meet his ad
vance, would do much mischief in that beao
tiful region of nnnfry. !5ut we are happy to
learn from the IlichmMod papers that th force
of the enemy is not b dieved t be formidable !
and that Imhoden, .Toors and oar other Torcrs
pn that region were on the allert, antl prepared
to receive them whn they o.4re. Indeed,
the following ahows that the yankees in thH
region are KnffiTing iu proportion to Gract
lower down on the ' on to Riehssood ".route:
Wc learn from theCbirlottesville ChrrmicU,
that Mai. llarrv Gil more haa tnen nlavin-v
havoc of late with the Yat.kee train in the
ear of Hunters army which now threatens
itaunton. On Sundiv nt Un Ait.ifcMil th
rear of a portion of Hun'er'aarmy in Newtown,
seven litilea from Vinlnster Nnrl' rntnnletlv
routed the whole force, which cnncitel ol
aboutone hundred aad sixty cavalry. Thir-ly-five
of this number, including commission
ed aud nou-com missioned officers, were cap
tured. Eighteen wagons heavily loaded with coffee,
sugar, arn.y supplies, el"., were also cpnred
and burned. Sixty-eight fine homes, neatly
harnessed, were safely brought away. From
what we can learn at least two millions of dol
lars worth of property was destroy, d by Gil
more's d. rling little baud of gurillas. Our
Iots was frifling ; only two slightly woundwl ;
that of the enemy was sovcro considering the
oun.brs.
We feel afe in asserting that ere thi., Ms
hy and Gilinre have farmed a junction. It
is rea.vinublo to -xiMct that more than tl ii
will be accomplished.
fromotloit!! and Assljnaents.
In ndlition to tho promotions of North
Carolina command which we noticed a d y
or two a o, we top hi the Richmond papcra
the fo'l i'ving well deserv! promotions; O l.
Win. U. C.xof th? i: n I rcgimant, to bo
B-i.:dir Gen-ral, als C l. Toon of tha 20th,
and L'l-ut. Col. W. G. Lfjwi oftbe 431.
The ft.llowin -e the commands assigned
to officers recently promotetl in fhe army of
North, rn Yi-gint :
Mij r Ger.cral J. f. Krchaw, permanently
to tl.c MUitnand of M Liif, Divinio;i.
Ibu .diT tt -ner l fir. an Grime', tierma
nmlv to the command f DauielV (N. C.
lliirad.
U. ignlier Get ernl Jjones O nr.cr, t mpr.i.
ritv to tbe command of MeG.i vanV lli-l?.
n-ia H r General It ifM lltrrinjer prni4
n n,y tn (irnlN.V Hrtj,id cf Cavalry.
Hig idier General J hn McCaiidandicrm -ner.tly
to Jenkins' Civ.dry trigale.
Ibig-idier Geneil Win. U Cox, tcmptjrarily
to R m-senr! Bng.ole.
l'niiradier (r n-ral TJin. Toon, temporarily
to J s i 4N. C ) Brigade.
B isJier Gt-iH.nl Wm.G. Lurii, icmpor.i
rily to ll"kV Bngade.
Briadir G trr il LM'y, ttmp-rarily to Po
grom' Briga!c. -
B igaJicr Gei.er-I . -bulon Y rk,. Ur.it.ri
rily to llaya' aud Sttfrd'a Brig..d-.
M..ji-General Rioucur, temp-.rarily to lvir
ly's Division.
M-i i Gcnt-ral M ihorie,. temporarily tr Am-'er.-
nV Division.
L'eu: iiant G -m-rd lb II. Anderson, leio
o arily to L og4trect,4 Crn.
Lieutenant fienrral d. A. rUily, ernprari
ly to KwclPs C rfw.
A Lt I.kttkr The f.Jlowing hri-f n.M
has been picked up hud is rcpiintcd, that it
m ty rearh the person addrrssed, whoc full
address i not known.
Ii cnn he is connected with tlio prsi
Bjomwhcm., or somewhere else 1
A2y Dear Jcnk'nu : I read with innrh
plo. Hire your graphic pernontla' and
' local, " aud your itimrar soi-utils of
Generals and oth-r nfli cr It ' very Im
portant lw tli hatinjr htt4nefs wi'h a (Jen
eral U know his h'adqifsrters. aud cveo ll?
tiumlcr of bU room of tflire in n hotel lul,
ny deur J. txkiiis. mium of the Y-tnkors- can
read, and it in-4lwaysdc4raUe they lioultl
know wi ere nr Gtcralfc are, ttr Imw many
staff ofikers or others cosap thrir train at
tendant. Remits am sotMe tunes propagated
coiiceruiiit' ntanded or cotitempUtcd move
raetita ofGenerata, trsJy or falsely. S.ine
timva it may be aa wetl to let tl reports
run without cor nation r explanation: In
the ardtt ns duties of your vocation, yoa are
often har 1 pnsber, no docbt, to find matter
for items without gniag into these military
peraooe,sMand " locals," but a constant end
dTngent attendance at aoctions, bar-rooms,
tea-tables, church porches, court rooms,' and
other places where gossip grows, could sflord
much material.
Nut withstanding this recommendation of
reserve and abstinence as to certain Confeder
ate topics, I hopo and beg yoa will give us
si way the lateat inlormariooooce'niing Gen.
Banks and all the Banks family connected
with the Wall street tribe, and that fellow
M Hastenup" whom Banks was lately railing
for lustily. Can you tell ns whether the
Banks in their late sdjuatmeut ef exbsne
have put black aud white coinage on par, or
do they follow the former snd firmst Oatf ml
of difference 7 Anything new boo Pcmct
since be cleaned out tiA Fort JUot trUch
was in a bad caas? and jncs DcJ t
The rssaainder cf U hUsr end the sig
nature nst, csJwgntr ssissl ; bnt we
hope the Omuigne will csU ooatenU Mso far
fcrth " secordirjly. V
As an eviiacs ttnt tbs Cjsiderate author
itics syopathU) wit3i tbs poor nf LNccoxetry
in ibeir presmt dktrecsts, we tuts the fact
that in 1 Reader District, &. C'tbe tithe corn
is sold to ItAsnt famiOss at pi per bjshel,
while t5 Gvernmstt sa-jEaa ltx!f by pav
isj t8 per bushel. , We fear thb fica the
Lcncaster Ledger. .'"..'".