THE CONFEDERATE.
WE JftTSDAY. JCLY 20, 1SC4.
Anolher Picture,
Mr. IIoMrn.'iaa t-ea his opponent with being
i destructive. And lo ! it is pro red oa him
that sn boasted of his destructiveness when
lie proclaimed that he "col ld EILL." That
he has destroyed every party which took Lim
to its con5Jencc; and whwt is pleasant and
-agreeable to all true Conedera,te3, tQ3JL he is
now d-stroyitg the intolerant and yrocriptive
Conservative p-riy which, rsgagetl him il its
enip'cy. . .
lio thargea cp-xi Ucv. Vance, that uhiws
the sjaU:a'that Mr. Hldm calls, stK fede
ral A.ndlo! it is proved upon him that
hn U a sfzUfel; a f it a baefc. 1 hac while
i e "j. jr women a:;d ragged childrei have
vA a lte -f br.id," he goes to the ciaov.c
sAvy, Hiate Pricier, (a shads iJIco) tad
ij:iy molasses ''t very low Govenuu-:it
price," and take, this uio'ato Av;?y fri-oi the
clear litde children, nnd feeds Lis roacbine,
-.,.:- it nil over. And t!;rp sJ Anriutr nn i
1 f " . , , , . ,
to is Tack, fi.led witu molasses, he bi.es aad
.... . . , ,
:;v;k.s ai every oit.nr anii:a; ...ir.f, uiuio sr
a.- who belong to the sas.e family, und has
a situ Ca.
lie charges Gov. Yatco with having ' block
ado Iiixurit-s' And lo ! it i.i proved on him
thai ho h;!.i Liuiielf at tL; Governor'n huse
i s ;u-.e uf ti?bijckndo brandy, and ijiicd it
'verv f ood" for startled nerves. A'.d it is
-chared that he has brought hU paper through
th. hlockads on the Adrarcr, and aver '
".-settled his account" for freihi.
Aud the rea-a why Tiq opposes Gov.
Vance, is suspected to be, that the littcr'triad
iu make Lim "setit-i his accounts."
He charges Gov. Vance with buying (Jot.
Mcliae, hy not paying hirn 5 ier cent, eom-i:j-io:i
gu the negotiation for the State,
vrhich Tie says is $11,000, which he thinks
unreasonable. And !! it is proved with
greater force, that George N. Sanders Las
b3ughi Kim, by a promi-e to divide the pro
ds of his .Jairi.:8s ; fr which consiler- -stio2,
Llr. Holden has rec:!zr.iEed tho claim of
"r.dcrs, and bound himself to pay it whn h
is Governor. And the?e dam ages are laid at
near r. million of dollars in gjldH! And
.Mr. llolden is to become a m:i!ioiiaire and a
swell-head, hy th3odorjf lutva! siores."
Ho charges That Gov. Vance is an ecrny
of the pc.-jde of their wivcs and thi-drea,
aud especially of t'aa !dierj. And lo! it is
jKove-1 that Gar. Vance, by his wa furesiht,
prudence, atid .-kill, has iuraished ik? o iiers'
faaiilies wiili od ul c!othlag, aad their
f:ni!is and rltitdren with provisions, and
tJjcir rivo-- with c iLtoi carvl and fjuo cs-ton,
and ail tf thoai with remuaf ratiujr lbor ;
whii- not a stiver d beaevoleuro, charity r
ii'-ict.-Lcc Lao ever baeu provl for Mr.
6 loii, cic pt thi he gava c le sol litr Silo
t hiiy him a brfak'ast; and this was pub-!:sh-d
tiy the indeatij'iulc "J ohn" the- nsxfc
mcmir:. Aud t!.Is ift, it ir said, was in
i'A turr-i)cv, a: er cor.t. ens unt, while
;; l-r. akrt was at ZZ per cent. adiai:;,e.
Thtis. lie is proved u h-i a Stall federate a
Blockal- linna-Tr an Original Secessionist
a Skulker out of the army by a .shade office,
rod a man with 'darg- eyes rixed o: th
Treasury," which ?yes look through the mag
i.if i. gspsccscUa of George N. Sandem ; be
twvcii whice if a rose always regaled with
HOW to Votf.
Mr. Iloldcn ud'.es the law, that rciea may
voir- if thvy cho"se "a roliod up ticket." Jt
i; true, us Mr., ilolden fays to his followers.
A mau has a r ight, carefully secured to
him by the? bw, t lia?id in a rolled up or
.folded ticket.' If any man is afraid -or a
si.arno 1 to vote openly, before his neighbors, he
tr.tiy viiie under tho sly, by rolling of it
un.
But 'his eVn'orj has a consequence such
h? no other election will probably ever have in
.North Carolina; for we think after this elec
tion is ever, when the people pronounce judg
ment, and tho eourts rdiall have pronounced
judgment, that probably tnc?re will never be a
rvcun ence of a state of things so- disgraceful
to our State, a? that which has existed iu this
political content. We said this election has a
eoi.st-p.ieace. It will be historic. The re
cords of it will be uaade up, and go dowu to
posterity fixing the status of men who take
j;ri in it. His therefore all important, in
th' ar.ny ail here at hne, for all loyal me
t co'e an oj)in ticket. L,it it be the pride
and boast of every true soldier and faithful
eaUvn to spread out his vote with nothing
'Roli.ki" r hidden about it that all bis
neighbors may know that he was ritht. It
will avail many a man against whom the
suspicions r f society have been aroused, to be
able hereafter to leave with his children the
proof, that ia the contest in iSorth Carolina
ht voted against the ticket vrhich the tccret
tory sosie'y mpporte I. Tor we ass?rt, that
whatever there be found a member of this
Oi-jat:izatien, than will bs found a Hidden
voter, so loug as ba remains ia it. Let all
goed ir.n on election da show their bands.
Gold Five kok Onf. A gentlen.au direct
from Alexandria (says the Richmond DU-
P'ttch,) reports that gold was selling at fire
for one in that place, and at the same p ice in
Waidungton.
It appears that the force cow operating
against Charleston is composed of all the
available force on the south Atlantic coast.
The bombardment of Sumter has btcn
heavy for several days, and still continues so.
Smith O'Brien, a distinguished Irisa leader,
and an able and zealous advocate of the Con
federacy, is reported dead.
; "Can it be
We borrow the above rom thj iitfs of an
article which appeared in the Qinserr alite of
the 8th instant. That article tated a Timor
on the streets, which was -i snbtance, that
, Mr. W. I, liichardsja, ono of y.o candidates
j f the straitest sect is Wj'(c County, had
I said in the prepuce erf W, F. Askew, James
;D. Puilcn sad H. L. Evis,-(since dead,)
: that he, Mr. Uichadso:i, thought the negroes
i ought to vote vid enjv the privileges ot
j white men ; thi the negroes ought to be pet
1 free ; that he wouR ei fct free, if the law
; of North Carolina wcu'd p-rntit. him to do
I so ; that this was their home, and they ught
to rerntJ.ii here.
t' To li'U stateTQftr.t and enquiry, Mr. Rioh
firdsijfi has made no reply. The Standv.rd
and thi Progress have defended hia ; but
the accusation remains unanswered, aod not
denied, and must therefore be taken as an
admitted fact. - la this legislative contest wa
' havo r.o part- in this county. We, the senior
Editor, sLiii cot vote for any of the candidates,
j for the reason that we do not consider this
our permanent residence.
While we have a great resppct for Mr
I ., f r -
it owia as a "eutleman of honor and truth
i we have no affi'Lition with him - politically
and so far party is concerned, he is capa
ble of doing ns mere harm than Mr. Al
ford or Mr. Calvia Rogers. Besides, we hare
heard that if the Holdecites could have jot
him to run, they would bare bqen glad to
have him. But he did not stand stiff and erect
enough for Messrs. Holden and Pennington, -and
Mr. Richardson was preferred, who, being
Captain cf the Home Guard, by Govarnor
Vance's commission, itwas presumed cuhf
stand "-strait." '
Mr. Sion II. Rogers, ia- the Senate, Is a
personal friend, but everjr one knows that he
has always been opposed to us in politics;
and since Mr. Holden went ovtr to his side,
we hare aot seoa that he has relaxed his
vigor.
So that in Wake county we are free frora
the controversy, except so far as any of the
candidates draw forth our strictures by the
utterance of tad sntitneuts. This i the cast
with Mr. Richardson. Ifthtst entimmts b
bis, he is no fit candidate to appetr befor
North Carodnians. Lst us analyse thena :
1st, That the laws of emancipation ii
North Caroliaa should We altered. Heret
f jre, the emancipated nejro was required to
be sent out of the State. Mr. Richardson
would free him and let him rtwain htre. He .
wsuld institate here in oar midst, ngro com
petitors for the por white man ia every de
partment of trad, raechaniojan 1 later so
that whea the day laborer goes out t eara
his wages, he wuld find free negroes cowpe
tibg with him at iowsr pncp-i. He would
make their home here in our midst, in sub
version of those wholesome law? which tbn
wisest men in the State passed and hare
abided by, and whjfh Mr. Holden has a thou
sand times defends 1 ; fg- if thero bs any leg
islation well settled, it is that which inhibits
the policy of emancipation, and allows it only
on the condition of the removal of tho eman
cipated rjjjro.
But Mr. Richardson goes further. Thvsould
allow them lo cats! This riht of suffrage
was deliberately cut iff in 1885, by a dn
vention of the State after mature dissussio.
Its evils were ecen its injurious tendency
was felt, and by none was it mors f?;it than
j by the poor and laboring white mce, who
pateu and fr2 negroes brouglit ta eqnality
with them, and made as good as they wcr,
bv being allowed ta kill their votes. Mr.
Il'chardson would change the consfiiution and
renew this right nst ouiy f:ee negroes, but
emancipated slaves !
Djcs 11 r. Richardson tbiBk be would get
th'e votes f his fifteen or twenty negroes b;
restoring this privilege ? We tell him na;
Negroes are uot as grateful as white men
when Mr. Richardson sees white meg whoi
Gov. Vance has favored whom he has com
missioned whose connections he has honored
with places of trusty show the ingratitude of
opposing anil denouncing their benefactor,
how can he expect, as high as his estimate of
the nigger may be, that he would show more
gratitude?
But there is another phrase in this unde
nied statement : " That they ought to enjoy
the prniles of white men." Is it mganthere
to say, that the negro shall be put tn equality
with the people - of North Carolina? Togo
to the white man's house to sit at his table
sleep in bis bed lock arms with him eu
the street? We will not go further for the
prosent.
But we wish to know and know emphati
cally. The people have $ right to know if
Mr. W. R. Richardson holds such opinions,
and has given utterance to them. And we
shall wait a reasonable time for his reporrse.
A Palace for the Poor-
It is currently reported in the county, that
Mr. Holden is bailding a splendid edifice for
the benefit of p3r orphan children. We
have not seen the foundation stoe, but we
expect it will be laid on.ar elevated, or on
some lofty place.
And these will be the children that will
live in a "castle in the air." Built as it will
be out of the funds derived by the sale of the
Life and Times; and the profits derived from
the bargain with George N. Sanders, the little
boys and girls will hare a delicious atmos
phere, fragrant with "the odor of naval
stores.'
Another rumor w, that he is preparing a
vault at his own expense, in which to bury
the poor children under i whom " Jeff.
Davis, the despot has orderal to be killed.' '
It is not improbable when this event happens
that he will bury himself alive, in order to
be near tho object of hi reyard.
r
I I
r
The Criminal Organization.
Day alter day do certificates of exposure and
withdrawal from this nefarious nest of tories
continue to pour in ; and to the extent of these
withdrawals (if the parties making them are
sincere) is this secret tory association shorn
of its strength. But as yet, no one who baa
endeavored to make good their escape, has
pointed out the leading malefactors the
prime spirits of this band of. tories. The
Government has indeed suspected them, and it
has proof as to some of them, and the Gov
ernment is determined to act upon them ;
and then these blatants blockheads who have
beei cat's-paws for others to put their fingers
iu the fire, and who now affect indifference
under a very poor effort of ridicule, and. who
discover their alarm by the effort, and their
disloyal connivance with the offence and tho
criminals, by their attempts to divert the in
vestigation these blockheads will then cry
for pity ; and their miserable howls f sorrow
will outvie those, thay uttered when finding the
habeas corpus suspended. They were strick
en with terror, lest then the Government
would take hold upon thm. As we judge,
the iaw will not be invoked until after the
election, in order that not a particle of reason
shall be afforded for any accusation oT an at
tempt to interfere. But when this foolish
and disgraceful agitation in North Carolina is
past when Mr. Ilolden has been permitted
to have his say and shall receive the chastise
ment which the popular justice will bestow
then will the offended law rise up iu its majes
ty and assert its claims to vindication. For
what are tho members of this society but
traitors at heart, and tories in practice ?
Their society commences with the enemy ;
it rests on the basis of illegal communication
with him; it binds its members to mutual ob
ligation towards him, and it make those
who join with it, brothers to our Yankea in
vaders !
The t'iry acco nplice here barters, for pro
tection to himself, the sacrifice of his neigh
bor; and h vnvites to the invasion, by the'
announcement' beforehand, that he is prepar
ed to surrender. For this proiiise of protec
tion, bo enggos to aid a r,py, to do bis work
of discovery, to be followed by his work of
destruction. It engages to keep the deserter
ia tho woods, in order to. weaken our forces,
that the invasion may became the easier i
and there is no doubt, that this society of." II.'
O. A." have sent off communications to the
enemy, of our most important movements.
In Northampton county, there is a man
by the name of Elliott, who has been a prac
tised agent for the association. In Dover
Swamp, on the line between Newberu and
Kiuston, lived a regular mail carrier and
h-arborer of deserters, under the auspices of
the " II. O. A.'s " of Kinston. He received
the Raleigh Standard and Progress, aud they
were forwarded to the enemy with as much
regularity as the government mails. The
raiders on Morganton were members of tbL
cowardl combination. The woods are filled
with deserters, and they are harbored by
virtue of the ath ; and there is scarcely a
week that in some county of .North Carolina
a loyal man is not murdered by some vil
lain, who is a brother in this association of
crime, which was allowed to grow up here in
our midst.
When the Rev. W. N. Bragg made his
confession, it was hoped that he would make
it full, so as to communicate all he' knew
about it. It was known that he was among
the very earliest agents selected for the work ;
that he was selected by the leaders, if not
by the very man into whose hands the affair
was first intrusted. The law is oh the track
of that man. Mr. Bragg, we believe, can
point him out without difficulty. Mr. Bragg
was Mr. Holden's favorite for the chaplaincy
of the hospital. If he had been installed
there, h3 would, very soon have worked upon
the sick and wounded soldiers, and if he
could have succeeded in his nefarious purpo
ses, what a spectable should wo have had !
The loyal soldiers of the army betrayed from
their allegiance and converted into oath
bound allies of the foe ! ! ! And this man,
Mr. Holdea's applicant, has initiated scores,
and sought to initiate more; atid when detec
tion is before him, he goes to his patron, Mr.
Holden, and finds out from him a form of
confession, not to expose the crime and its
leaders, but to hide them, and to make his
own escape." In our opinion, a more danger
ous character does not exist than this Mr.
Bragg, and this community ought to look
to his proceedings.
A short time remains now to the election
and then, we have an abiding conviction that
this society wiii be taken up, ventilated, its
leader exposed and brought to punishmant,
and the people freed from the pollutions of
one of fhe most dangerous and disgraceful
comomation wnicn ever aienonorea a com
munity.
The Judiciary.
The Supreme Court of this State has decided
ir favor of the constitutionality of the law of
Conscription, and also of the law conscribing
th3 prinoipals of substitutes. Mr. Holden and
the rrogiess have both pretended to be the
chief defenders of judiciary. Where is their
voice of persuasion now ? . Counselling submis
sion to the law, and support of the judiciary?
Not a word, from either of these self-constituted
champions of the judiciary and defenders of.
conspirators.
Capt. E. B. Holden, of Caswell county, a
brother of the self-nominated candidate for
Governor, announces himself a candidate for
the Legislature, and says :
If elected I will support the administration
of Mr. Davis, and do everything I can to up
hold the liberties for which we are battling.
as to tae candidates wnicn are asking your
suffrages for Governor, I will give my unani
mous support to His Excellency Zebnlon B.
Vance; believing him to be a patriot and a
statesman.
LEGISLATIVE RECORDS.
EXTRA SESSIONMay, 1864.
' On the Habeas, Corpus.
A joiat comioittee was appointed on that
part of the Governor's Message lelative to a
suspension of the writ of habeas corpus. A
majority and minority report was submitted.
The following iithe
MAJORITY REPORT.
Reedutions concerning certain acts of the late
Congress of the Confederate States.
Resolved, That while the people of North
Carolina have ever been and still are aaxioui
to strengthen the administration of the Con
federate government , in every legitmatts way,
and to promote the success of the common
cause, in order that we may havo a speedy
and honorable peace, they riew with deep
concern and alarm the repeated and manifest
infractions of the Constitution by theCorjgress
of the Confederate States, and this General
Assembly doth, in their name, protest against
sych infractions as cf pernicious example and
fatal tendency.
Resolved, That the act of the late Congress,
entitled "an act to suspend the privilege of
the writ of habeas corpus in certain cases,"
violates the fundamental maxim of republican
gevernmeot which rcquirs a separation of tho.
departments of "power, clothes the Executive
with judicial functions which Congress cannot
constitutionally confer even on the judiciary
itself, and .sets at naught the most emphatic
and solemn guarantees of the Constitution.
Resolved, That this General Assembly, rep
resenting the people of North IJaiolina, doth
not consent to the sacrifice of tho vital princi
ples of free government, in a war carried on
solely to secure and perpetuate them, and
doth declare that no "conditions of public
danger," present or prospective, probable or
possible, can render the liberties of the people
incompatible with the public safety.
Resolved, That the act of the same Congress,
entitled "an act to organize forces to serve
during the war," declaring all white men resi
dents of the Confederate States betweeu the
ages of seventeen an'd fifty to he in the. military
service, embracing in its provisions every
State office in all the departments, Execu
tive, Legislative and Judicial, and subjecting
all the industrial pursuits of the country to
military supervision and control, reduces the
State government to mere provincial adminis
trations, dependent on the' grace and favor of
Congress and the Executive, is destructive of
State sovereignty, aod imports an assertion
of power on the part of Congress to convert
the Confederate government into a consolidat
ed military despotism.
Resolved, That this General Assembly doth
therefore request our Senators aud Represen
tatives in Congress to uso ther best endeavors
to procure a repeal of the first mentioned act,
and such modifications of the second as shall
secure the rights, and preserve the integrity of
the States of tho Confederacy.
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions
be transmitted to each of our Senators aud
Representatives in Congress.
In the Senate, Mr. Hall submitted the fol
lowing minority report;
Resolved, That in the present critical junc
ture of our affairs, it is inexpedient for the
Legislature of North Carolina to express any
opiuion upon the recent legislation of Congress
touching the suspension of the privilege ot the
writ of htbeas corpus.
The minority report was rejected, by tho
following vote :
Yeas Messrs. Aycock, Carraway, Cope
land, Dick?on, Ellis, Faison, Hall, Harriss of
Franklin, Hoke, Holeman, Lindsay, Outlaw,
Pitch ford, Powell, Simpson, Smith of Anson,
aud Young 17.
Nays Messrs. Adams of Davidson, Adams
of Guilford, Arendell, Bagley, Berry, BI unt,
Boyden, Brown, Harris of Rutherford, Jones,
Ljssiter, Leitch, Matthews, Murrill, Neal,
Paiton, -Patrick, Sanders, Sharpe, Slaughter,
Smith of Macon, Smith of Stanly, Taylor of
Chatham, Warren, Whitford, Wiggins, Woo
ley,, and Wright 28.
The question arising on the adoption ot the
resolutions of the committee in the whole, re
sulted as follows :
Yeas Messrs. Adams of Davidson, Adams
of Guilford, Arendell, Bagley, Berry, Blount,
Boyden, Brown, Harris of Rutherford, Jones,
Lassiter, Leitch Matthews, Murrill, Neal, Pat
ton, Patrick, Sanders, Shsrpe, Slaughter,
Smith of Macon, Smith of Stanly, Taylor of
Chut ham, Warren, Wooley, and Wright 26.
Nays Messrs. Aycock, Carraway, Cope
land, Dickson, Ellis, Faison. Hall, Harris of
Franklin, Hoke, Holeman, L'ndsay, Outlaw,
Pitchford, Powell, Simpson, Smith of An sen',
Whitford, Wiggins and Young 19.
When these Resolutions came up in the
House of Commons, Mr. Waddell offered a
substitute wdiich declare the suspension of
the writ of habeas corpus and unwise act aud
asked its repeal.
On motion of Mr. Person, the question was
divided, aud the House voted first on the pro
position to strike out.
Those who voted to the affirmative were:
Ayes Messrs. Beam, Thrown, Bumbass,
Burns, jCobb, Costner, Crawford, Davis, Duke,
Foy, frauds, Gaskins, George Gilliam,
Harris of Cabarrus, Harris, of Chatham,
Hawes, Henderson, Hodges, Joyner, Judkina,
Kerby, Lemmonds, Long, Peebles, Person
Rhodes, Reinhardt, Richardson, Rives, Ro
binson, Rus3, Shepherd, Spruill, Waddell and
Williams $7.
' Those who voted in the negative were .
Nays Messrs. Allison, Albriton, Alford,
Amis; Avera, Bernhardt, Beobury, Best, Bond,
Burgin, Carpenter, Carson, Carter, Cowles,
Craig, Dunn, Flynt, Gentry, Glenn, Greene,
Grissom, Hampton, . Harrison, Henry, of
Bertie, Henry, of Henderson, Hollings worth,
Howard, Horton, Ingram, Jenkins, Laws,
Mann, of Hyde, Mann, of Pasquotank, Mc
Aden, McCorrnick, McKay, McNeill, MeRie,
Nissen, Patterson, Pearce, Perkins, Riddick,
Hitter, Bobbins, Rogers, Russell, ot Bruns-
f wick, Sherwood, Shober, Smith, of Guilford,.
Smith, of Washington, Wallen, Walser,
Watson, Welborn, Woodall, Young, of Ire
dell, aod Young, of Yancey 58.
After the rejection of various prepositions
to amend, the question was taken on the
adoption of the resolutions, with the follow
ing result:
Those who voted in the affirmative were :
Ayes Messrs. Allison, Albrittoo Alfori,
Amis. Avera, Bernhardt, Barringer, Benbury,
Best, Bond, Burgin, Carpenter, Carson, Cow
les, Craig. Dunn, Flynt, Foy, Gentry, Glen,
Greene, Grissona; Hampton, Harris, of Chat
ham, Harrison, Henry, of Bertie, Henry of
Henderson, Headen, Hollingsworth, Howard,
Horton,- Ingram, Jenkins, Joyner, Laws,
Leathers, Long, Ly!e, Mann, of Hyde, Mann,
of Pasquotank, McAden,McCormick, McKay,
McNeill, McRae, Nissen, Patterson, Pearce,
Perkins, Riddick, Ritter, Bobbins, Buss, Ro
gers, Russell, of Brunswick, Sherwood,
Smith, of Guilfoid, Waddell, Wallen, Walser,
Watson, Welborn, Woodall, .Young, of Ire
dell, Young, of Yancey : 65. '
Those who vofcd in the negative were:
NAYs-Mcssrs. Ball, Brown, Bampass,
Burns, Cobb, Contner, Crawford, Davis,
Duke, Francis, Garkins, George, Gilliam,
Harris, of Cabarrus, Hawes. IlendersoD,
Hodges, Judkins, Kirby, Lemmonds, Love, i
Jreebles, erson, Reynolds, Kb odea, iticnara
son. Rives, Robinson, Shepherd, Smith, of
Washington, Stancill, William i S3.
So tho resolutions were adopted.
. . , .
From the Conservative.
The "H- 0. As" Further Disclosures.
The veritable existence of this confedera
tion ot traitors and conspirators harin? been
j fully established, , th 3 furtner discussion of a
( doubt that might be ventured, as to its being
'i a living, moving reality, is not admissible.
Even the Salem Press", we doubt not, will
i admit there is some sort of a secret organiza-
tion in the State.
The following "acknowledgment'' will
speak for itslf :
STATE OV NORTH CAROLINA, 1
; Chatham County. J
This day came before me, R. C. Council,
f ODe of the acting Justices of the peace in aud
for said county and State, Benjamin .Johnston
i of said county, and made a tree and voluntary
I acknoweldgment to tho' following: That
' ibout two months ago he was . told to come
. tip to the lions? where the 'old man James
Wilson lived and died, and perhaps he would
find something that would do him good some
-' time, and he went, and Orin Churchhill initi
ated him, and Button Holland was present at
r. the time, and was looking out to seo if any
person was likely to come about them; and the
' said Churchhill, there aad then, gave Lira the
! signs and grips and passwords of the organi-
zation, as follows: Degree lst The two fore
fiingers of the right hand across the mouth.
; 2d. The left baud close to the left breast, ami
the right hand to the mouth The grips :
- You shake bands in the usual way, and when
you part hook your fore-ficgers in each other.
The password ig "Three."- When a brother
steps to any person that does not belong to
. the organization,, and he should say, ''three
what V Then the brother should ?ay, "Noth-
ing, only I thought I would give you three
;. dollars for your hat," or waiscoat, or some
j thing of the sort. And if he said that, get
j away from him as quick as possible and let
. him aloDe.
; A second password is, "These are gloomy
times." ..
' Answer ' What are you looking for the
, red and white cord?'
"Why are you looking for the red and
i white cor.' ?"
"For the protection of myself, family and
property."
f In witness whereof I, said Ben j. Johnston,
Ao set my hand aud seal the 2Sih of June,
11864.
his
B. X. JOHNSON, Seal.J
Test, mark.
R. C. Council.
By the following- certificate it will be seen
that this organization of conspirators exists in
Wake county althrough no certificate is ne
cessary on this point.
STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, I
. Wake County.
This is to certify that Uriah Marshall ap
peared before me, A. C. Council, ono of the
actiner Justices of tho Peace for said county.
rand testifies that he was a member of a secret
organization in said county, w;hich he believes
to be wrong, md he is anxious to get out of it.
I was told that there was no. harm in it. I
was persuaded into this thing by W. H. Mer
its, oi said county, and was initiated by Kin
dnck Johnson at the said K. Johnson's bou&e.
I. have never been in but the one meeting. I
very soon became tired of it, but did not know
how to get out. I want it distinctly, under-
tood that I am no longer a member of said
organization, and ask forgiveness at the hands
of the authorities, and imploro their pardon;
and if I am forgiven. 1 promise that I never
will be caught in such a trap again.
URIAH MARSHALL.
A. C. COUNCIL, J. P.
. July 6th, 1804. O
.We give another certificate from Chatham
County, as follows:
July 2, 1864.
STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, 1
Chatham County.
This is to certify that William Goodwin
and Edward Lorance appeared before me, one
of the acting Justices of lhe Peace in and for
taid county, and testified that they belong (pa
secret concern that is in the county. Ques
tion: "Do you know what' the name of the
concern is ? Answer : Wo do not, and declare
non fellowship with it, and believe it to be
wrong, and we wish the public generally to
understand that we were deceived and misled
by James Long, and as good loyal citizens
will not belong to any such thimj. There
fore, wc pledge ourselves as men, never to be
in another that has a tendency to injur the
country. Wo pray the authorities to pjrrdon
us, and we feel to be good and loyal citizens.
(Signed) W.G GOODWIN,
EDWARD LORANE.
(Test)
H. COUNCIL, J. P.
i
Another H 0. A."
Mr. Jefferson Goodin renounces the Secret
Tory Association. He was one of the com
mittee at the "Cary District meeting."
Wyatt Holoraan was another, and Leonard
House, Esq., was another. Mr. House is
also a Hero, but has not confessed. How
many more? At that meeting, Mr. Holden
was nominated for Governor, and W. R.
Richaidson made a speech. Thus are all
the elements combined the " Heroes " of
the .Secret Tory Society nigger equality
and Mr. Holden.
State of Nort Carolina IPaAre Coun
ty. This is to certify that Jefferson Goodia
appeared before me,. Wm. Cox, one of the
acting Justices of tbe;Peace for said county,
and testifies that he was a member of a se
cret organization in said county, the object of
which be believes to be dangerous and not
for the good of the country. He therefore
wishes the publie to understand that he is no
longer a member of such an organization.
He furthermore desires the authorities to for
give him, -and pledges his honor never to be
ted astaay again.
Cary District, July 13, 1864.
. Signed! JEFFERSON GOODIN.
Wm. Cox; J. P.
f
A Native of North Carolina. A Yan
kee journal states that J. A. WisslowfCaptain
of the Kearsage, is a native of Rexborough,
N. C.
TELEGRAPHIC.
REPORTS OF THE PRESS ASSOCIATION1.
From Petersburg.
PETERSBURG, June 13. A portion tf Fitz
Leo's command engaged in a skirmish with part of
Grogg's cavalry division near Les'a mill, four
teen miles below hero, late yosterday eveoiag;
driving them back and capturing thirty-three,,
including two conynisaioned officer!.
Considerable cannonading on oar right thie
evening. Grant is evident' sending more troops
to Washington.
From Of n. Johnston's Army.
ATLANTA, July 12. -No change ia the pbsb
tion of affairs for the laet three daye. The eacmy
are in position on the north side of the river.
Some firing between sharpshooter with an occa
sional artilltry from the eoemj, withont damsgo
to ns. A email force la reported this side or tho
river, about eight ruilw from the Railroad bridge.
. They keep very close to the fort. Gov. Brown
arrived here last evening and is urgiag forward
every thing to the defence of Atlanta. Hia pro
clamation calling out every one between II And CO
to report to Atlanta, receives the approval of all
classes.
(second dispatch.)
ATLANTA, Julv 13. The enemy are taassinir
on our right near RosweJI. A portion of the
1 ankeeanny is on the south side of the Chatta
hoochee. Sherman's headquarters are near Tin
ig s Station. Skirmishing acrosj tho river con
tinues near the bridge. Every thing qui.t below.
Letest from the Korfli.
PETERSBURG July 13. -Tho Washington
CArome'e of the 11th contains oer three columns
or teli-graphic news in reference to the invanion
all press dispatches, nothing official, st a dig,
patch from Wallace to Seward, saving Col. Sew
ard is not captured. Tho following is believed to
be all of interest, in the pre diipatches : Ten
thoonand men armed aud marching to different
fortifications in Baltimere. At six a. in. on the
10th, the rebel, oat the Xortlioin Central rail
way, fifteen wiles from Halti&iore. The Balti
more and OHio Railway greatlv damared; most
of the rollisg stock sent to Philadclphi t. Dis
patches say some encouraging features are known,
net prudent to publish.
The Ashland Iron works, fourteen miles from
Baltimoie, was destroyed.
Dispatches up to 8 p. ru., sav that the rebel cav
alry were all over Baltimore iountv, but it is net
feared that they will enter the city.
Sullivan's advance guard of Hunter's command
is reported to have captured Martinsbnrg with
numerous stores and a number of prisoners.
Telegrams from Ilarrisburg jay the rebel force
numbers forty thousand.
Gov. Curtin telegraphed to the mavorof Phila
delphia that the people were not responding free
ly, aud says the authorities at Washington to-day
authorized men to be mustered in bv companies
which yesterday they refused porem'pto; ily to do!
The yankees say their loss at the Monocacr fight
was one thousand, and that the rebels levied
contributions of twenty thousand dollars on If id
dletoa. Dispatch from Baltimore, 7 o'clock, ears tho
enemy are on the horse road, seven miles from tho
city.
fifteen hundred rebel cavalry have gone to
wards the Baltimore and Philadelphia IfUilroad
to burn the bridges over Supuuehanna river. At
last accounts thy bridge was uut burnt. It is
reported the rebels have struck the Baltimore and
Washington Railroad at Laurel Factory, but tho
Washington Chronid says it is not believed be
cause telegraphic communication is kept up with
Baltimore. The tiring heard at Harper's Perry
on the 10th ia unexplained. Thu Chronicle sup
poses Gen. Howe is getting in the label's rear.
The rebels burnt many buildings public and pri
vate in Ilagerstftwn.
A special dispatch to the.Cronic from Balti
more, says the opinion is prevalent that tho
real mo vement is ageinst Wnshingt..a. The rebels
wereat Rockville, Maryland, sixteen mileisouth
west of Washington, on Sunday evening. Dis
patches from a newspaper correspondent at
Grant's headnust-tera nn tho Oth r?v k
t Maryland is believed to be insignificant, as
Richmond papers make no mention oi forces en
gaged in it.
, '
. Thk Fraud. The Standard has palmed
off upon its readers a pretanded, "Extract
from the Journal of the House of Commons."
We denounced it as a "fraud," ihwre being no
such matter in the Journals of the Iloueo of
Commons. The Standard is silent under the
disclosure of its fraud, which is little short of
forgery. It cannot preteiTd that its extract is
to be found in the Journals, and yet is nuwiil
ing to give up the advantage secured smoor.
those who are ignorant of the truth. Fay
efville Observer.
New Advertisements.
To tho Voters of Chatham .
County.
Kbllow-Cittxkns : Having been unanimously
nominated by a large aad respectable portion of
the people of Chatham on the 2Hth of Jane lant, to
represent the county in the House of ConmnQ
the ensuing Legislature, aod having withdrawn
from the contest on the day of the opening of tho
campaign, and my motives for doing so having
been grossly misrepresented, I feel it due to you
as well as myself to state the reasons which gov
erned my action. .
In the first place I was informed that great dis
satisfaction existed among the old line Democrats,
(few of whom were in the convention) on account
of the fact that the whole ticket nominated wero
old line Whigs. This result, I am well assured
by members of that hody,wa,s purtdv unintentional.
But. to avoid anything like even apparent unfair
ness to that venerable and most respectable party,
and decidedly prefering myself the position of a
private in the ranks, I very cheerfnllr declined
the honor so flatteringly tendered me, 'in favor of
nay young friend Joseph Headen, E.q., a known
and tried conservative Democrat, whose election
I shall support with great pleasure. In the next
nlace, there were more than enough aspirants to
legislative honors, jsho profess to advocate tho
re-election of Gov. Vance; and, Inokinc upon that
result as by far the most important in the present
momentous crisis, every motive that can influenco
a patriot, urged me to Btrive to remove even tho
most trivial cause of discontent from among tho
supporters of that distinguished gentleman.
Since my withdrawal, I have heard that it has
been industriously circulated by unprincipled
eraons, mar my reason lor declining the nomi
nation, arose from the fact that I farmed tho
election of that arch-traitor to everything south
ern or patriotic, W. W. Holden.
I am not in the habit of intruding my opinions
on the public; but I had hoped that no circum
stance in my life could have justified any one in
supposing that 1 as capable of supporting any
one whom I deemed an enemy to my country.
The insidious cry of peace, peace, by Mr. Holden
and his supporters, ought not to deceive even tho
most timorous. Is there any man in his awnsea
not in favor of peace? If there is, I should liko
to see him ; he would b- a natural cariosity. But
wejmusthavepeaee with honor and independence,
which we can only obtain bv united and unshaken
effort. Stand firm then and have a little patience,
and that blessed boon will undoubtedly be granted
ns. Your fellow-citizen,
jnly 30-1 1 . THOMAS B. PARRAR.
WAKE COUNTY.
THE SHERIFFALTY. We are authorized and
requested to announce W. II. HIGH, Esq., as
a candidate for re-election to the office of Sheriff,
at the election in August. ju 17-tde-dAw
FOR' SIIERIFF.
WE ARE AUTHORISED TO AXNQUXCB
THOMAS JL WHITAKKRa candidate for
reelection to the office of Sheriff for the county
of Jones, july 6 23-wtf
TO THE CITIZENS, SOLDIERS AND Rr
FUG EES OF PASQUOTANK COUyrr.
WE are authorized to announce GEO. W.
HINTON, a candidate to represent Paa
quotank county in. the next House of Common.
aalO-69-dtwAwUj