THE CONFEDERATE.
WEDNESDAY, JUNK 15, IStilV
rfr- Uolfiea'i Dental.
G.a Vanca charged aiSmithfield,that Mr.
Uu!t!"n h ul, last Novernfier, avowed his oli
j-t in h ivii.g a State (invention, to be to
t :' th- Snt tt of the (Mifederaey. '
Mr. ll-.J.u. cing the gravity of the charge,
d-niM i! peremptorily. Thereupon, Mr. W.
V. 1 1 mpton, nf Wilkes, certifies as follows :
" I n-cnlUvt nn one rxrflrin durinjr the ses
sion il the Igi'atum last November, in the
t'i'mnt'ffls II til. near the fiic place to the left
f the. SH.Mkcr desk, of heanog V. W. Ho!
drn Kiy. Hi it the Legislature should call a
('ouvrnti-ifi of the State tmmedrttely, ami
take tle State out of the Confederacy ; and
mark my prediction, in less thau six month
n will see that I am right."
Mr II-rton, the member from Watauga,
i:
I happened to be near, and overheard
iKLtl i.. that said abnut the Confeder-jt-Government,
bat what particular tubjoct
wa? kru of I did not understand; but I
I rani Mr. Holden say " this Legislature
flight to call : Convention and take the State
cut of the cuiiixru. Mark u.y prediction, 30a
will all see before six months frum this titne
tba? I ran right."
Mr. Holder. feels the gravity and impor
tance of tbi matter, for it calls in question his
vrr icity and his loyalty. It fixes one way
it the other, his regard for truth, and his love
ff country : nnd he knows the people of
Nu'th Carolina well enoueli to feel, that con
servatives as rnnuy of tbcm may be " of the
str litest jrct'they are not prepared to make
a man tSovrrnor, whose veracity is impeached,
or whose loyalty is fairly questioned. Heoce,
he rcpr.it. the denial, and seeks to break the
force f h? evidence thus:
; Hahi. nvs m ir.E humbcggery." This
is the tiM t his repeated dec ial, as contained
in the SiittuUwd of June 3rd, in which be says :
"Mr. ilorton, who is an intelligent gentleman,
iU'niit' that he overheard something that was
t'u almnt the Confederate Government, but
wh-it particular subject was spoken of be did
n t understand thus leaving the inference,
if such conversation took place, that much
rn.-e was si:d thai! that repeated in a parrut
!il;r ni inner hy Ilr. Hampton '
Xmvv Mr. Ilorton leaves no such imprrsior;
tr he dopes his statement with tho declara
tionbut I heard Mr. Iloldcn say , this ley-
i.J;?!ttrp ought to cill a Convention aud take
ihr State out of the concern. Mark my pre-dictM-n.
you will all scebefcre six months from
ti'i time tha I am right."
!f Mr. ilorton is " intelligent,' he im-
M i.-tood thii laminate. ; aud if he is truthful,
rnn' iiilf-rs and correctly states it
Mr. Hampton, Mr. Iloldcn says:
'lim Mr. llamp'on who is a stupid, ur.in
f :;0'i ison, aiid incapable of eompre
! rt-dtt'- titl.i a lung scntei.o" or a con tin
; m y. r c vr.i a hUtement in an argument,
u. :!..! avr the public believe that we rushed
itt.t j iiHiirt', pear the fire-p!?oe, aud
i" j .ie drl:ir.itio!i attributed to us "
Aw: in Ibis manner he disposes of Mr.
I Inn. p f.iu Now wc do not know Mr. H.imp
'.n viy we!! ; but if Mr. Holden's opinion of
i:r he -orreet, then the people cf Wilkes
have drawn very poorly on their resources
for :i re preset; tat ivj ; aud Mr. Holden pays a
r .inplment to his friends, his omiser- .
a tve trind.-; in Wi!ke, when he thin ex
p to the wnrU the folly of their 'leclioti.
li it this, i? not Mr. Holden's opinion of Mr.
Hiuipton. Thi! ij the first time he ever
spkr of him in this way; and nOw.it is one
of hi.- "fconcl arts" of abusing men "for jarty
purjM.M Inst Summer, peace meetings,
up Hnder Mr. Holden's auspices, were
held throughout the State. One of them was
held iu the town of Wilkesboroia the county
t Wilkes. Mr. Holden thus heralds it to
tli1 world:
"Themeetingheld at Wilkfsboroucrh nthe
Tth, was largely attended. W. VV. Hampton
pub.Jcd. The resolutions take strong
n r.iu!i! for peace on a just and proper basis.
It will not do to say that W. W. Hamp
ton. lr. G!!ow:iy, Calvin J. Cowles, Rev. S.
V. Smith, with tlte balance of the committee
ai.d the ptoplo picbent, are not true to the
South. They arc astute men as the State
a ntains. Ualcig1! Standard, Aug. 19, 1863.
At thai time, Mr. Holden thought better
ut Mr. Hampton. He thought him competent
to preside over a Urge meeting of intelligent
people, and w did the people of Wilkes. He
thought him competent to appoint a good
toromittee to understand the resolutions to
put the questions, and he pronounces him
before the State, to be "as true a man as the
State containr." Now, he stigmatizes bim as
a "stupid, uniuforraed person of "leaden
memory," wIiojhj recital of a conversation Mis
ridiculously false on its face."
Mr. Hampton may console himself inthe
reflection that he is better off now than before ;
kir Mr. Holden's censure is preferable to his
, praise.
But tki matter should be sifted to the bot
tom. Wc have heard of many other gen
tlemen, who will verify the statement of
Messrs. Hampton and Horton. There are men
in Chatham, who heard similar propositions
from Mr. Holden ; men in Gulford ; men in
Johnston ; and thcro are such mea in Raleigh.
And we have beard of one gentleman, a
minister of the gospel, a public- man whose
word Mr. Holden could not call in question.
All these men owe it to the cause of truth
and country, to make this matter clear.
Such a plot has no claim on any man's
confidence. To aid in its concealment is to
connive at the criminal .object. Let this
matter be made clear, and then there is more
matter to come.
Cfcssse cf Sale cf Eosds;
l'ublio attention is directed to the Adver
tisement of the sale of the Government Six
per cent, non-taxable Bonds. J The time has
bttn changed to the last day of Jane, in
stant ; and the place of sale to be Columbia,
? n., instead ! Ri"hntond, Va.
Tke News and the Situation.
v
li h s doubilrpy occurred U the reader as
quite mnarkable, that Grant, notwithstanding
his ttruendous losses, t-houid persist in at
tacking that particular part of our lire
wliich commands the two bridge sites known
as McCIellan and Grape Vine bridges be
tween New bridge and tho Railroad bridge.
Hoke aud Breckinridge have repulsed wi h
! fearful slauehter every effort that he has inado,
I a.1 am olill lntAlntT tVia (mnnrfint rAnn
aiC mill liwiuiug HUB llivitiauii .
But, as the Richmond papers say, the reas
on in imperative Grant most have tbete
bridges for crossing the Chickahominy and
making his way to the James river for sup
plies. Unless he continues his flank move
ment, or if he falls back to the White House,
he confesses defeat ; hence his persistent effort
ai Turkey Ridge, notwithstanding the whole
sale slaughter that has attended his attacks.
A rumor was current Saturday of the cap
tore of a courier from Grant to his chief corn
mi ssary, directing him to economize his sup
plies, as he could get no more until he reach
ed the James river.
It was across these bridges that McCIellan
reinforced Gen. Keyesat the battle of Seven
Pines, and again sent reintcrcements to Fitz
John Porter at the battle of Gaines Mill.
Acrrpg those bridges McCIellan withdrew his
defeated army from Gaines' Mill when he be
gan his " change of base" to Harrison's Land
ing. These bridges are now as necessary to
Grant as they were to McCIellan. Without
their undisturbed use he can neither move on
Richmond or continue his flank movement
which keeps up appearances and deceives his
credulous people at home. Without thrse
bridges he must move on roads that lead away
from Richmond, and find bis base on the Pa
munkey, at the White House, or on the James,
below the mouth of the Chickahominy. The
importance of these bridges explains Grant's
persistent and murderous efforts for Turkey
Ridge. How long he will continue to have
his army cut up as it has been in these late
assaults, it is not possible for us to say. But
yesterday, June 7, the Republican Convention
met in Baltimore. Tf Lincoln be nominated,
the object of the campaign will have been ac- .
complished, and the murder and maiming of
sixty thousand men have not been in vain
Grant will then be free to act rationally, and
may take steps to preserve the remnant of his
army by abandoning the ' On to Richmond'
via all or any road from north or cast of the
city. The Fredericksburg line, upon which
it was bis "propose to fight it out if it takes
all tho summer," was abandoned for McCIcl
lan's line, from the White House. Thi last
having been attended with no better success,
" Up Spout" Grant will retire.
Brass nnd Impudence.
oS'oiorious a3 Mr. Ilolleuj; editor of the
Standard and self-made candidate for Gov
ernor, has heretofore beeu for cool impudence,
brazen effrontery, and arrant dernagogucism,
he has even excelled himself in his Standard
of yesterday. It is amusing to see how flip
pantly he disposes of Gov. Vance's pretensions
for re-election, and of all others wh j arc not
in favor of "Gov. Vance' present opponent,'
weaning himself.
First, Mr. Holden makes a dash at the
Fayetteville Daily Carolinian, which when it
first appeared a fow weeks ago, he hailed aa
another indeiendenl journal that would defend
the right, and therefore go for him for Gover
nor. But the Carolinian has'comc out tor Gov.
Vauce, and now Mr. Holden says its editor
"is a detail to retail falsehood."
Then he pitches into Gov. Vance, for int
pressing the ten regiment bill upon the Legis
lature some eighteen months ago, and there
by have secured the "Reserved forces," those
between 17 and 18, and 45 and 50 years of
age, as State troops for State service. Theoc
"Reserves according to Mr. Holden, ought
to have been put in service eighteen months
ago, instead of being allowed to remain at
home, to take care of their families and rake
supplies for the country, where the men be
tween 45 and 50 still are, aud where the byS"
would also be, but for the exemption cf ten
thousand able-bodied men in North Carolina
which Mr. Holden and his followers have been
so clamorous to keep out. These arc . the
facts in the ease ; and the necessity for call
ing for these "old men and boys," Is owing
entirely to the large number that have been
exempted by the State Legislature, who are
able and ought to be la the army. Put in all
who are of the conscript age the justices of
the peace, constables, majors, commissioners,
&c, &e who are under 45. and who Mr- Hol
deo has insUted should be kept out, and "the
boys" can returu home, and ' 'the old men"
remain where they are. tending their crops
and remaining with their families. Will Mr.
Holden pledge himself Jot this reform, in
order to remove the burden from the old men
and boys
Mr. Holden next turns his attention to Gran,
ville county ; gives. CoL Amis a slap in the face,
and after consigning "James M. Bulleek, Esq.,'
to the tomb of the CopuleU, advises all the
true Conservatives of the county " to go in
for entire unity, in order that those who sup
port Gov. Vance's present opponent, (that is I,
myself, Wm. W. Holden) may carry the county ;
and then says 44 Gov. Vance's . friends have no
hope of electing him," and if he," Gov.
Vance, " had any regard for his few friends in
the Conservative party, or for the party itself,
he would at once retire from the contest"
After this cool impudence and impertinence
in an old broken dowa'party hack, who will not
get twenty thousand votes in the State, , and who
has nobody in the State but himself and " John,
the Rascal" (par noUUntrum) to advocate his
election, we can afford to postpone a notice of
his purilaaimous assault upon the Editors of the
Confederate, while we enjoy a laugh over hie folly
j an I impudence .
Ci.fl&MA's's' BbiIjadk. Wc published re
cently a telegram from the Army Correspon
dent of the Press Association, dated "Titorr's
Farm, May 2d," jn which it was stated
"About dark, yesterday, three divisions of the
Sixth Yankee Cor ps assaulted lioke's division,
causing Clingman's North Carolina brigade
I for a time to , give way. Colquitt's Georgia
brigade quickly came to its assistance recov
ering nearly all the ground Clingtnan lot t."
I We are gratified to have it in our power to
publish an authentic contradiction of the
above statement. We have no idea that the
Press Reporter intended any injustice to the
gallant men of Clingtnan'g brigade. He,-no
doubt, communicated a report which he sup
posed to be reliable, but which, upon investi
gation, proves to be incorrect. We refer the
reader to Gen. Clingmap's letter in another
column, which relieves his brave -North Caro
linians from the unjust charge preferred ; and
shows that they did their part of that great
days work with a courage and efficiency un
surpassed by any other troops on that field of
blood and carnage.
. . .
, Troops Enough.
The Petersburg press of Monday, says
the troops which arrived there on Saturday
night, were stopped and ordered to report to
Gen. Beauregard. With the large reinforce
ments known to bo on the way to General B.,
his strength, wc learn, will be even greater
than before Gen. Lee was reinforced from his
army. We state this, says the Express, to
calm the fears of the timid, who may fear that
Gen, Lec is not ftrong enough for the work
of thrashing Grant, as it is hardly to be sup
posed that all this force would be stopped be
fore reaching his army, unless ho felt amply
prepared!
From Petersburg.
The Express of Monday says everything
remained perfectly quiet alonr the lines in our
immediate front on Saturday and yesterday.
We could not hear of even the usual shelling
and picket firing in Chesterfield. Nor could
we learn that the Yankees in Prince George
bad ventured forth from their entrenchments
to aDy further deeds of arsxt or pillage. -
Re-mark able. The Vrogress rays that the
small pox in Mr. Holden's family is oue of the
' glories of secession."
For the"Confedertc.
List of Casualties.
In the 47th Regiment, North Carolina Troops,
Kirkland's Brigade, during the several en
gagements from the 5h, to the 19th yf
May inclusive.
Action of May 5th 1861; Col G H Fari
bault commanding. Field and Staff. No
casualties.
Co A 1st li"tit G W Wcstray comman
ding (captr Thorp being in command of the
skiunish corp) Kilh d, private Jonas Perry.
Wounded, stfgt Win K. Stot, in foot, W.j: D
Cone in thigh, J J Banihill iu thih severe,
cor pi Win "Clratiiblrc in knee, privates T C
Bailey in thumb. Binnett 1 Bunn in left
hand and left thigh severely, (thumb and in
dex finger amputated), Kufliu T Dodd iu
thigh, Kind en E Joyner- in right breast
severe. Missing, private Kelly Denton.
Killed 1, wounded 8, missing 1 total 10.
Co B Capt vin Joseph J Harris, comman
ding. KillcJ none. Wonndnd, srgt W K
Phillips in thigh, corpl J If Chcvcs in leg,
privates L S Allen in side, Jackson Allsu iu
shoulder severe, J M Dixon iu leg, JT Mt;d
liu iu leg, W B Perry in arm, L W Tant in
side. Mining, coue. Killed none. Wounded
8, missing no;;c total 8.
Co C 2d Lieut A 11 Harris commanding.
Killed none. Wounded, licut A H Harris iu
leg severely, s-rgt J C Syme in side, contused
wound, privates J J EdmuneU fiuger ampu
tated, William Justice in arm severely, W R
O'Daniel in face severely, Weston Rogers left
arm amputated, W P Wright in arm arid face
Missing, private Johnson Olive. Wounded
and misring, pri. J A Segraves. killed none,
wounded 7, missing 1, wended and missing
1, total 9.
Co D Capt G N Lewis commanding.
Killed, none. Wounded, privates H H High
iu arm, Albert Murray in head, A!li.con Mur
ray iu arm, Benjamin Rac in head. Missing,
none. Wounded and missing, l?t scrgt N N
Caudell iu shoulder, privates R Bailey iu how
els, R T Biggs in body. Killed none, wound
ed 4, nailing uouc, wouuded and missing 3,
total 7. ; -
Co E Capt J U Norwood commanding.
Killed, nouc. Wounded, lieut L W Robertson
in leg, sergt W K Hunter in .shoulder since i
missing, privates W J Belvin in hip, J B Din
kens in thigh, Lucas Estridge in arm severely,
Jordan High in breast, -G II Muooeybam in
shoulder severely, Wm Perry in hand, J H
Sykes in arm severely, W H Terry in shoul
den, Joseph Terry finger amputated. Mis
sing, private John Carpenter. - Killed none,
wounded 11, missing 1, total 12.
Co F 2nd Lieut H R Crichton, commanding,
Capt Wm C Lankford, acting as Major. Killed,
Corpl F C Backus. Wounded, serg J B Lon&
in left elbow, privates Q W Bridges in leg, rf
W Pent, in right arm severely, CrCMfnlcher in
finger, Wm May in finger, John Mitchell in
finger, J B Winston in right hand severely.
Missing none, killed , wounded 7, total 8.
Co G 1st Lieut P P Peace commanding.
Killed none, wounded corpl W ff Morris, mor
tally, (since dead,) privates B R Brummitt
chest severely, Jonathan Fuller, in hand, A C
Green in face severe, M D Holmes in shoulder,
George Joyner, in foot. Missing Henry Medlin.
Killed none, wounded, missing 1, total 7. -
Co H CaptS W Mitchell commanding. Kill
ed none. Wounded sere . J H Mills in arm,
privates J Boling in hand, Ancil Beckwith in
.face, John Bryant in hand, David Dunn iu
head, Thomas Edwards in hand severe, Matthew
Haxward iu hand, Edwin Johnson in head,
Green Mills in neck and shoulder, Henry Page
inarm. Missing none, killed none, wounded
10, total 10. ' -
Co I Capt J W Brewn, commanding. Kill
ed none. , Wounded, lieut W Hal Harrison in
neck, lieut J W Jones in leg severe, strgts D
H Blake in foot, S W Earp in leg and breaat,
privates Charles Cooper in hand severe, Jd9n
B Crabtree in arm, B J Evans finger off, Ho
ward Lowe in arm, severe, 8 A Medlin finger
off, P L Heaves in thigh, B Rigaby in arm, A
H Roehell right am amputated,tieo W BoeheU
. in shonUer severe, J W ThomaainhancL' Miss
ing none. Wounded and left in the bands of
the enemy, corpl H Sturdivaat in thigh severe,
private Jas Hopson in thigh severe. Killed
none, wounded 14, missing none, wounded and
missing 2, total 16.
Co K Captain R H Faucet te, commanding.
Killed, privates "a'aylor Linen, Daniel R May,
Julius R Tickle. Wounded, privates Lot.
Bishop, in hand, C IsHey, in "arm, severe, J
C Watkius iu right side, Lemuel Sirups n in
groin, Morgan Simpson iu sb uhler severe.
MUsing, none, killed 3, wounded 5, total 8.
Recapitulation Officers killed noue ;
men 5 ; officers wounded 4 ; men 80 ; officers
mining none ; men 4 ; wounded and missing ,
officer none ; men . 6 ; total aggregate 09.
- Action of May Gib 18C4, Col GU Faribault,
commanding.
Field and staff, no 'casualties.
. Co B Capt Harris corornaudinff. Wroond.-
ed privates Josiah Bunn finger off, Wm" i
Moyc finger off, K W Perry m arm., Miss
ing, private T W Cook. Wounded 3 miss
ing 1, total 4.
Co C Lieut J R Rogers (Co I) corntnari
ding. Killed, private H H Bunch.
Co D Capt Lewis, commanding. Wound
ed,, private George Richardson, in arm severe
ly, bone broken.
Co E Captain Norwood, commanding.
Wounded private J C Maynard in band, se
verely. Co H Captain Mitchell, commanding.
Wounded, privates Joseph McGec in shoul
der. Henry Rollins in foot.
Recapitulation -Killed 1; wounded 7;
missing 1, total 9.
Action of May 10th, 1864 ; Col Faribault,
couimandrng.
Co B Capt Harris, commanding. Wound
ed, private A Johnson in shoulder.
Co D Capt Lewis, commanding. Killed,
private Jno A Winstcad. Wounded, serjt
Alison High in thumb, privates A.R Beard in
thumb, A H Hopkins in kuee and hand se
verely, J J B Vick in breast.
Co E 1st Lieut E II Ray commanding.
Killed, J H Honeycutt. Wounded, lieut VV
A Dunn in leg, privates Thos Bailey jn hand,
Wm King iu arm. Killed, 1; wouuded, 3.
Total, 4.
Co F Lieut Crichton commd'g. Woun
ded, lieut H R Crichton face, scrgt AC Mitch
ell in right hand.
Co G Lieut Peace comrad'g. Killed, corpl
T J Jackson. Wouuded, private Josiah Phelps
in hand.
Co H Capt Mitchell commd'g. Wounded,
private A B King in hip.
Co I Onpt Brown commd'g. Missing,
privates J W Thomas, A M Bryson, W M
Arnith.
Co K Capt Faucet te commd'g. Wounded,
privates A R Kertiodle in arm, Sanl Linen in
leg severely.
action or mat 12, 1864.
Co D Wounded, private Burton Winstead.
in thigh.
Co G Wounded, private R W Massey in
head severely.
ACTION OF MAY 18, 1864.
Co B Killed, private John Medlin.
Co G Wounded, private J. E Joyner in
foot, and missing. .
Co H Wounded , pri vate Wright Certain in
breast.
IN fcUIUSEQUENT SKIBMISHE8 AND MARCHESUP
to may 23, 1864.
Co A Private Wm Strickland missing.
Co D Private John Floyd wounded iu
thigh.
Co II -Private J B Jones missing.
Co K Private John W Gillam, wonnded
sn head.
Recapitulation Wounded, 2. Missing, 2.
Total, 4.
SUMMAUY.
Killed, officers none; mtn, 10. Wounded,
officers 6; men, 10'J. Missing, officers none;
men 10. Wounded and mincing, c flUers noue;
men, 8. Aggregate, officers 6; men, 143.
Total, officers aud men, 143.
Mbssrs. Eottokm : Enclosed you will find
the list of casualties of the 47th N. C. Regi
ment, which I am directed by Col. Faribault
to forward to you, as authentic It is hardly
necessary for me to say that many of the
slightly wounded are again in the field ready
to do their duty.
With high esteem, I remain,
WM. S. LACY,
Chaplain 47th N. C. T.
List of Casualties Company E, 5th N C Troops
up tooOthMay 1864.
Killed, Private R A Workman, on the 19th
at Spotsylvania Court House. Wounded, on
the 12th at same place, sergeant Levi Bamc,
and prisoner ; on the Dtb, coprl Monroe Cruce,
privates Wm O Beck, prisoner and-mortally
wounded, E D Council, J F Cook, Jackson
Goodwin and prisoners D A Holt, Manley
Morgan, J A Parks, W H Riggsbee, J G Sloop,
David Lane, on the 10th, arm broken.
Missing, on the 12th, taken prisoners, scrgts D
C Barringer, J G Barrett, privates H M Brown,
D E Clodfelter, J W Ellis, John Gillespie, J N
Morgan, Obediah Starr, G W Rufty, Wm Cot
ton, on the 9th at Spotsylvania C II, P Malhoin,
do., J Wilhelm, do. Killed 1, wounded 12,
missing 12 total loss 25. -
A large portion of the missing are thought to
te killed or wounded. S. B- WEST, Capt.,
Comdg Company.
A Brave Soldier. The following account
of the heroism of a private soldier, comes to us
authenticated by the signature nf Capt. Isaac
Pipkin, commanding the skirmish lines on the
day when this instance of extraordinary gal
lantry took place.
, Private Thomas Riley, of Company "H,"
31st N. C. regiment, CI ing man's brigade, was
engaged with his company on skirmish duty,
near Clay's farm, on the 19th nit. The or-
charge was aiven, and a rush made
npon the enemy 'sTifle pit. o. .w
pits, and under a heavy fire, U was ascertain
ed that the enemy was in strong force, which
made it prudent fur the skirmishers to retreat.
But instead of retreating, Riley pulled off and
waved his bet; exclaiming : "Come ahead ,
boys," and onward be went regardless of his
peril or of being -alone. He passed over their
pits and through the line of a whole regiment,
passed by their rear and moving by their
right flank, re-entered 'our lines again un
scathed. - .
. In the charge ha wounded a private through
both legs and killed a sergeant, taking from
his person everything that was desirable, such
as gun, canteen, knapsack, &c. Riley has
killed seven of the "btueoellics" exclusive of
those he has wonnded. -
The above is only one out of several instan
ces of this soldier's bravery, since the com
mencement of the series of battles and skir
mishes fought on the Sooth-side. We feel
great pride and pleasure in giving publicity
to well authenticated facts like the above,
which do honor to the brave and worthy men
who compose the rank and file of our army.
When a grateful people erects a lasting testi
monial to the "unknown heroes" of the war,'
a marble tablet will contain names of all those,
who like Thus. Riley, have decsrved well of
their country, and whose memory, like his,
r!11 Ha rrsr.nrl from th-xt uhtivSmi whirh ic tm
I often the fate of the private soldier. Pctcrs
j burg -Express
Troin th? Tmhoro' Southerner.
. , jJThc Legislature of 1H9.
We have in our p jsion an old North
Carolina Bill ineJ in tn year 1779 The
objert of our'artie'e is not particularly to cal'
attention to thr bill itself, tut to hhow the
spirit of the Legislate re which issued it. It
was issued at a time when the tories and trai
tors of tho revolution extremely elchired'peace
upon r tho any terms principle." .
We here copy the bill verbatim
-N. CAROLINA CURRENCY.
TWENTY DOLLARS. .
No. 4189.
STATE OF NORTH-CAROLINA.
THIS BILL entitles the Bearer to receive
TWENTY SpanUhed raileld Dollars, or the
Value thereof, iu Gold or Silver, agreeble to an
Act of Amiably passed at Smithfield,thc 15th
Day of May, 1779.
Peace on Honourable j jjtjnt
Terms. J
Death to counterfeit "
We have to refer to tho pat history df the
country in order to ascertaiu why it was that
"Peaco on Honorable terma" wa endorsed
upon. It is well known by all tho!e who
have taken the trouble to inform themselves
upt u the history of our revolutionary times,
that iu the year of 1778, tho English Ministry
became satisfied that the colonies were not to
be subjugated by force ; and that they con
trived various plana to do that by fraud and
artifice, which they could Hot do by force. It
was during ibis year, that they attempted re
conciliation, construction, &c, by private and
insidious means, appealing to prira'c inter
ests, and to private parties, well kuowing that
it was useless to address themselves to the
manhood of the nation. Thbi effort called forth
a clear decla ation of opinion from Geueral
Washington, who disposed of tho tnatur by
dtfiuing what an honorable peace was, to wit:
Independence. Yet the siren song of peace
had been raised in the country by parties who
were desirous of riding into power upon the
sufferings of the people, who then, as well as
in every other bloody and protracted war, ear
nestly yearned for peace. '
The demagogues of 1778 tried the experi
ment and failed, as signally as the British did
in the war of subjugation and reconstruction
of the colonies. But the question of peace
had been prematurely raised by those who
took counsel of their fears, and the Legislature
were determined that there should be no mis
taking their position. General Washington
had defined what' was "peace, ou honorable
terms," aud tho Legislature had stamped upon
the currency of the State tho wordi, which
meant nothing more aul nothing less than
peace upon the terms of t'le entire and com
plete recognition of their independence.
It is our duty as a public journalist to ad
moui&h the people, that in this day of our
second struggle for independence, wo have
tories and traitors who would make terms
with the enemy, upon other terms than those
defined by the great aud good Washington
that we have demagogues amongst us who
would sacrifice their eountryhi independence,
if by doiDg so, they can promote their own
selfish ends. Let the people beware of and
watch those who always have a word of abuse
and condemnation for their own Government,
and never a word of praise and commenda
tion, especially iu revolutionary times times
whe-u our independence, our lives and our for
tuues arc swinging in the balance.
O TATE OF NORTIT CAROLINA, CABARRUS
kOount.y, Court of Pleas and Quarter Sessions,
April Term, 1864.
M. M. Mideuhc-iiucr, adin'r
of D. C. Wilheloi, Petition to Bell land.
vs. c
A. M. Wilhelm & others, )
It appearing to the satisfaction of the Court
that George Logan and wife Nancv, and A.M.
Wilheha are not inhabitants of this State, it is
ordered by th; Court that publication be mado
for six weeks in the Weekly Confederate for paid
defendants to appear at the next term, of this
court, to be held tor the county of Cabarrus, at
the court house in Concord on the third Monday
in July next, and show cause if any they have,
why the lands described in the petition should not
be sold according to the prayers of the petition.
Witness, Joseph Young, Clerk of our said Court
at othce in Concord, the third Monday in April,
A. 1). J 864. JOSEPH YOUNG, Uterk.
ma 4-w6t pr. avd. $36.
- UUXAWAT SLAVIC.
f W1AKEN" up and committed to the jail of Gull
JL ford county, some time -back, as a runaway,
slave, aiid who calls himself JOHN, and says ho
belongs to Mr. John Dancy, in Tarboro', Edgo
comb county, N. C. He is black complected, five
feet eight inches high, looks to be about 22 years
old ; will weigh about 145 lbs. He says he was
hired out in the western part of N. C, when he
ranaway. He says he thinks he ranaway last Au
gust. Ilia clothes worn out and he nearly naked.
The owner of si id boy is reqested to come for
ward, prove property, pay charges, and take
him away, or ho will be dealt with as the law di
rects. C. A. BOON,
Sheriff of Guilford county.
May 16, 1861wl7tf
COMMITTED
rpoTHB JAIL OE WAKB COUNTY, AS A
JL runaway, on the 5lh of May, a ricgro wo
man, who fcays her name is SALLY BRYANT,
and that she was rauod in Jones county, by Jo.
Finch. She had on when committed a red cot
ton dress. She is about 25 years old, 5 fet 2 inch
es high, slender, color blaek, two upper front
teeth out, and rather slow spoken. The owner
of said negro is requested to come forward, prove
property, pay charges and take her away, or she
will be dealt with as the law directs. -
W. H. HIGH, Sheri
92-dlt&wtf
CANIDATK FOR TUB tKlSLATUBB.
PLUmiKB W. OBfifiJT, Co. B, lst.JT. C.
Cavalry, respectfully offers hit services to
represent the people of Warren, county fn the
Hoase of Commons of the next Legislature.
Election first Thursday in August,
may 11-15-wtde
mDKH;unjEH:
HAVING OBTAINED THE SERVICES OF
Mr. Woodward, one of the best Tanners in
the ' Confederate States, I am now ready and re
ceiving HIDES to Tan on Shares. I tan for
one-half and sell my snare to owners, i except
speculators,) at one dollar per pound, or for one
.third and sell as I cheese. Tanning done for in
digent soldir' families free of charge. I will
re-tan and finish leather for the government or in
divi4als on reasonable terms. Persons requiring
information are referred to the editors of the
Cbnederale. J. R0BT. JEFFREYS,
ap I 67-41wAw4w , '
OOce cfCIslcf Quartcracstcr, Raletih,
February 17th 1864. Proposals will be re
ceived at this office until the 28th fast., for the
manufacture of Oil from the Tithe Pea-Nats.
, Proposals mast state the price per gallon for the
oil produced; as the Government will require
the total produce of oil as well as oil cake.
v , W.W. PEIRCEV
3CM!Stw3t Mai. and Chief Q. M.
rWilmiDgUn Journal, Fayetteville Obaer
ver, Raleigh Standard and Petersburg Register,
copy 3 times and send bill to Uaj. Peirce.
3 RCT7ARD.
RANAWAY FROM THE SUBSCRIBER ON
the Uth of February, a NEGRO WOMAN.
Said woman is about 30 years of age, cdasplexion
black, height 5 feet four inches, and has lost her
right breast by a eaaeer. Suppose she is try
ing to pass herself off at a free woman in the
neighborhood of Knap of Reeds, or Tally Ho,
Granville county, N. G. The above reward will be
paid for her delivery to 9 or confinement in jail
so that I can get her. SARAH K. ROSS,
ap 1 57-wlt Dudtams Station, N. C.
STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, 1
1'itt foCSTV.
lart ot 1'iea nq vtitrter ScsdioaiM
Henry Sherpard. Adin'r of
Jos. William?, dec d
v.
Petition to rfividr
SUres.
Distributers of
Jo?. A. William, deceaned. J
TT Ari'tiARIXO TO TilK SATISFACTIOV
1. of the Cuurt,,tht R. R. Foreman and wif
defendants in this case, are non-roMent of thil
State: It is ordered by tho Court, that nablica
tion be made for six weeks in the CoMernf'
notifying the said defendants of the filing of th'i
petition, to appear and answer, Ac., at th nt
Term of this Court, or judgment pro con fttto w:m
be granted against them..
UEO. A. DAXCEY, C. C C
iune8-19wrtt
OTICR.-.-Thf! Subscriber havTnuaTir
fled as Erecutorof the last Will and t.7nent
of Edwin S. Sanders, deceased, hereby ntiG, all
persons indebted to the estate of iaid doceaei, t
make imuiwdi&te payment and settlement, a ,n.
er indulgence cannot be given ; and all persons
having claims against said estate, will present
them for payment within the time prescribe br
law, or this nutlet will be plead in bar of their re
covery. This the 25th day of Mav, 164.
JOHN' W. HODOES, Executor.
ju 810-w4t
N
otlrc Takeu np and committed to
lha Till fnA.K. m A m -1. VLVlDft .
about fifty rears of ejro. Said negro sarshis nam
is PLEASANT, and that he is the property of
.uvuii w vittu. f vi 1 1 ii duiiu mm
fit. - r - ci J
uugn uariyie ana Ueo. Henderson or Georgia.
A. J. HHLTEN. Jailor.
Newton N. C. April 13th 1864. ap. 20 -w6m
To the People of Wilkes County.
A Through the numerous solicitations of friemlj
both in the Arinv and at home, I announce myself
a candidate for the othce of SHERIFF. If I am
the choice of tha people I hope they will so dc
clare, by casting their votes at the next August
election, and if I am rejected, I shall consider it
just, for the people are the judges.
ma. Is 16-w3t. J. F. ELLER
F0U SIIERIFF OF W1LS0X COUXTY.
WE ARE AUTHORIZED TO ANNOUNCE
Lieut GARRY FULGHUM, of Co. H, 21
N. G. Infantry, as a candidate for the office of
High Sheriff of the county of Wilson N. C, in
the coming August election.
ap 21-73-d4tAw4t
TUB SOUTH VICTORIOUS !
NEW BOOKS I NEW BOOKS ! !
(Our Own Publications.)
Myrtle Leaves, just from the press
M.tixra rF T .1 1 iro and f.ihsrf v ' (
01
7:
2 (
2 0
2)0
I 5')
r
.V)
l
Primary Geography
it
Tork s Englun Grammar,
First Rook in Composition,
Hill's Poems, second edition,
Morven knd Linda
Dixie Primer, pictorial third edition,
First Dixie Reader,
J he Dixie Spelling Book in press,
ohnson's School Arithmetic in press,
The Jack Morgan "Songster in press
Elementary Spelling Book in press.
IpSS One third off to the trade.
The following Books are published at various
places in the Confederacy :
NOVELS.
Lady ;ud?ey' Secret, 5 Of)
Dicken's Last Nov.!, 2 00
Robert and Harold, It 00
Eleanor's Victory, - 3 5')
Ijes Miserable Fantine, 3 00
" " Marius, 3 00
" " St. Dennin, 3 00
" 44 Jean Valjeatt, 3 i0
The Bohemian, 1 2
Raids and Romance of Morgan and Men, . f .Ml
Field and Fireside Novelette, 2 00
The Confederate A Roinautic Essay, 2 U0
Silas Marner, 5 00
The liaUU of the Bards 3 00
SCHOOL BOOKS.
Huntcn's Piano Forte Instructor, . 3 Of)
Lander! Arithmetic, 2 00
Bingham's LUio Grammar, 4 00
Primary Geography, 2 00
York's Englie-h Grammar, 2 00
First Book in Composition, , 2 00
Dixie Primer, Pictorial, third edition, V)
First Dixie Reader,
Wesleyan Catechism , No. 1, 2."
Wesley an Catechim, No. 2, 7T
Capuis Catechism, .'0
Sermon Catechism, M)
Biblical Catechism, by L mud ell. 75
. MIldTAKY WORKS.
Gilham's Manual, 10 00
Army Regulations, 6 00
Evolutions of the Line, 5 U0
Wheeley's Cavalry, . 7 00
Napoleon's Maxims of War,' 1 2
Bayonet Exercise and Skirmish Drill, 1 2.)
The Volunteer's Hand-book, 1 -'.'
School of the Guides, 1 2i
General Orders, 0 00
Warren's Surgery, by Dr. Warren, 6
Volunteer's Fielu ana Camp Book, I
MISCELLANKOUS BOOKS.
The War and its Heroes, IlluBtrateJ, U 5
Myrtle Leaves, 'JL )i
Hill's Poems, 1 &)
Southern Model Lctcr Writer, 1 0
Morven and Linda,
Rival Admiuistrati ins, I
Scriptural Views of National Trlalu, ' W
Itomautic Passages in S. W. History, J r'''
The Camp Jester, . 1 M)
Diary of the War, : "
The Sunday School Boll,
The Sabbath School Wreath,
Plowing and Ditching,
Fun for the ('amp,
Campaign from Texas to varyland,
Neelcy'a DUcourdCd,
Dr. Deems' Sermons,
Th Age A Now Monthly.
Southern Literary Mseoger,
Man r .. edwate Stated,
.V)
1 JO
1 l
a
3 f.O
'1 oO
2 o0
2 60
5 00
UomK..ament of Vickebnrg, Engraving, 3 &0
ot. Deeme' Portrait, 1 60
Soldier Boy Songster, 1 0?
Songs of Love and Liberty, 75
General Jackson's Portrait, 1
Bonnie Bine Flag Song Book, .
' Cotton Field Melodies, 60
Rebel Songster, 1 W
Confederate Flag Songster, 1 00
Stonewall Song BeoTr, 1 00
N. B. Those ordering books by mail should
send an extra ten cents on the dollar, for pos
tage. BRANSON & FARRAR,
May 4-tf Raleigh, N. C.
TO the Voters of Chatham County, and
rmy Fellow-Citizens of the Army. llavinj;
received many solicitations from icy frionds I an
nounce myself a candidate to represent you in tbe
House of Commons of the next Legislature of
North Carolina.
My principles and views are well known to my
personal friends. I am in favor of Jaylog plans
and making proposals and offering proposition,
for peace, as long as it is consistent with ear hon
or, to obtain an honorable peace. I waat an hon
orable, a just and an everlasting peace, as Arm as
tho eternal hills, and as substantial as the ancient
tombs of Asia. I waat a through ticket for peace,
oa the express, double qnlck time. If you elect
me as one of your representatives, my voice shall
be heard in the Legislative Halls in pleading fur
peace. I shall vote for the man for Governor that I
believe is the strengest for an hoaorable peace ni
for 6tate Rights, and that Is all that I ask of you.
Vote for the men that you believe will make the
greatest effort for pesos.
Respectfully, yonr obedient' servant,
02-dttwlt J. C. KIBKMAN.
Lead Mine Interest for Sale.
T AH DISPOSED TO SELL MY JNTBRE&T
1 in the WYTHE UNION LEAD MINE COM
PANY, notwithstanding the property is Jojgs
to pay a heavy per centum to the holders.
I invite gentlemen of capital to examine the prop
erty. MF. Wm. Kohler. the ageat, will fire J
the necessary information, or they can call ami
see me at Hickory Grove or Poplar Cmp
Wythe county, Va. oiiavfiV
mh 26-52-d It-w4t A. N, CHAFFI-.