THE CONFEDERATE.
A. X. GOUMW ii CO., Proprietors.
K .COMET
TERMS :
DAILY EDITION", for 6 months
. .. 3
1
TRI-WSEKLT, for 6 month?
4. 3 . "
WEEKLl" EDITION", for1 month?
.$12
... 7
.. 3
. 7
. 4
.
"PW qoare of tea fcaes ipt)
rrisirenotielatsr-:X
V.oa. I .4.o-.
. J4.1K KIli Cu 4 lc
rflRK r. J 'lri '
jurcrintioT. will be received on any other
t,?rratban the aboTe, nor for a longer or shorter
period.
VOL. .1.
KALEIGH, WEDNESDAY,
2, 1864.
no; 5.
this Offie. witt E Si at.' c't - i -J
doae urwkmus U Czzt&J
a . j . . t
WEEK
'nn P P n6r ri r- m fit
ui m m, u l o) . -niT r- .
t 1
.... - ..... : . , ri II
MARCH 2, 1864. .'.! ' .'
THE CONFEDERATE.
WEDNESDAY .March 2, 1804
If any on; were tohk only at the adver
tisements in therrorcs, and the Government
n- ices that ti.i its columns how that Mr.
Cl.as. H. liarney. Sap 't. of he C. S Mtre and
Mining Dist. No. 5, Greensboro; and Sur-grM-;
Snm'I I.. Rixey, Chairman of Kx. Board,
an ! dpt. .1. A. liarnett, Cnief Enrolling QG
cer, GMloro', n"il the c !nmnsof the Pro
gress with advertisements fjr the Government
if any on ? were to look a', this only, he
would conclude at rtrice that this piper was
certainly n- t only a loy il paper not an agi
tator -but ia allprobabiiity was a strong sup
porter of the Government. A person would
cone to this conclusion upon the Fame princi
ple that.if he av a great calf milking a cow, he
would take it for granted that that cow was its
mother. A calf is apt to milk its r.n 'nother,
and a cow is not apt to let a strange calf milk
her.
But in this eafco the simile holds good nefther
way for so far from the Frogress cot being
an azitator, it stand a chief among the
number -o as not only to be applauded by
the Greene county meeting as its own McDuff, '
but also to atTjrd columns of quoted matter for
ilr. Geo. Mills Joy Yak kef: and it w not
only an agitator, but it own, and the editorials
cf its ont.-ide aiders, SVr abundant testimony
of it fierce and unrelenting opposition to the
administration.
Oa the other land.the worthy Government
of:icers o: detail, as" above stae.l. are not to
be supposed .h svmpuhizinc; with the Progress
in this war on the Government, because they
select it as the mi hum f advertisement ; be
cause they may have quite sufficient reasons
of their own, for this choic. independent of
any sympathy with its attitude towards the
"Government. We can suggest a defence for
thesi ofiicial-s ig lint the suspl.:: ous of those
who fin I fault with them, which i entirely
scriptural "If thine enemy be a hundred, vf i
shall crive him meet ; if naked ve shall
chili e him." ivit then these officers will bpar
iu mi.-id tint tills fence is only patial for
tii" scripture n w;ire jnj tin a G vern:iient
officer to i ed an J clothe an enemy of ihe
t! cenmrni.
i
We ouce heard of a Quaker friend uho en- !
strued Scripture very strictly. He t..id this i
:;nc-c iote o:i n!m-.-u : " Having a dispute with
a p-.T.n, l.e .-truck tne on the cheek. And
v. :, it di is': th-u. f?ie:i i ? Way. I turned the
..Uier ch'k f him. hut the meantime I
k:. :'.. him d w. l'ri !) 1, d-s; th ei think
there w.i a:.v vi .hi'ion of Scripture in thv ?"
We
;a
iri hr a '-ri"Us dU.idv.ir-t.jrj ia
not hav!
w - have
a t
r t.
of th
I'o'gr- uid s tar
1 aVle t -f it. No ki.v
e-er.s t t ;
ti.rre ii r... .
'". ori:-. w
k : imi'jr; i:.! to keep it. But
i:g--r in th ' nser:ion, that in
i i-e ( .uud iVc ;u::t and
ifc:U-::t au.l vto.ent
at -a
. the I) -p irtmeurs o the limvrn-
-lii
r.t tie r.' will I
if n t evrv.
" f 't::.d ;: -i:i"n to almost
incisure A' p !icv recorn-
nieu ie y
tU S'f
Pre.-;derjt-
-tliere will be
re typed ni- k-
in - iiiVenV ! bv i
ti e :ar- i ir I
for a i ;a.-s of its f, llw-ci:izens !
p imics D -.-truetives " e:.- '
Wh.;;i it i
.v ...i -pt i i-v l. e i -jress, while d 1 1 V t
i: a-r-c,;;.-s f r t ie ft ti.Ki iv.tli wi.icn ic a-ts I
the appeiUti-.n of Co:iirv:'i-:e. A ho- W;:h i
a :.ai; n.. i in Lis lift ear ..n 1 a swallow foik -
, ... !
i.'.s r:c:!.i. is ! o inoie comi-letelv v.i tne
. . ...'.!
.a: k I lii ma
1 .-uhvet o hi i lentiii- !
tli in is t ie 1'iore-is i.'eutitre' ith
a nte.its. who ;re
a !! .-tigm itizing tie
- m-' is ir' S. deprceia
r iii.its n-e!uTness.
ar.
vie;
: :e
t :t-r
a
rue
ams of a
:t t r ts
n v c - i
vy they e me after
r ex ample : We see
re? iys : " Wi on
i g toe writ of j-'.s--iil,
we fhall
r. !uc: ourteii" in ail
-vr.ji.ct."
: '. t o.ie udgnt
re "w.-uid fai.l,
r,'' vci.i ii wmiid
u! 1 have
. de:r-:!e reult,
s .proclaimed the
'..'. i :.
i t i :
.if a .
p-:i
a.
t .
. -v..
a
Pro,f
w:vicc
:ttrs
l-.-ue
t'.e 19 .!, ltj
.s.-l-.:. t..-.vevtr. we '
..' Will ;i ike of if !
e it." W ill, tne !
: ta:-. advice it is ;
,..iu st fa'ti.tiiV ad- ;
i no d "c.bt give it
e ai.ti or.ty uld j
;e:i, who have i tetv I
-spira -v, or inci e- i
'iecces. The joro- I
-.s a r c..: ' j
:. 1. : I
..- rr.1,'.: -
t'-. - . i
ret . f in.v::
h'J trv.i-o.a. ..r
!e.-ertion. or I.',
it, will he, tin
t:-e
' e-ntra-v, to brir.ir
?i:.a K:rs.us to tria. it .ea--t
pi-t sk.cn Jfr-
Ii fewer . J.t. -rials res::!: fr.nn
:ewtr t-l:t .r.ais res:;'r
tnis course.
O.j.1 su'd;
... . ... . . .... W ...... . ' .
a ld th or.
Pa.ii MissisMppt. Tue Mi?sis5ippLn says
the latest audm-.tet trustworthy advices we
have place the enemy at Meridian. Sunday
forenoon Lee entered the place witb a portion
of his cavalry and destroyed everything we
could not carry off that would be any service
i . 1,1-, i
Principals.
Principals of Substitutes attention ! Take
breath ye still lire. Perhaps ye are nntouch
ed by the Habeas Corpus tneasure. If ye hare
Dot burnt a bridge or a telegraph line, there is
still hope for you still hope that the light of
those jovial countenances may still linger around
the cheerful fire-sides that those fat jolly
bodies of yours may not be taken awy from
broad easy chairs, to sit upon the hard ground,
and m ide to double quick over rugged roads
i till hope, that while to the soldier is given to
fight and win the independence of the land, this
privileged class having bought their freedom with
a little money, may 8 trill and swig with esse and
luxury only there is one more form to go
through. The enrolling officer will come along.
But the Uabmt Corpus &nd a favorite Judge will
make all right. Then keep up your prepara
tiocs rations for twenty days "on to Rich
moxd" the "Happy land of Canaan."
P. S. We have since seen the Act suspend
ing the writ of Habeas Corpus the 5th clause
"eets" our friends the Princinals, even" in
pursuit of the favorite Judge, and slaps its iron
hand upon them, fur "attempting to avoid
military service." Cheer up, then, brave Prin
cipals the suspension act has not overlooked
you. Don't " attempt to avoid military duty, "
but shoulder arms and be " oflF to the front."
More Mall Mismanagement.
We were informed on Sunday last, that
The Confederate for Thursday previous, had
been delivered no where on the Raleigh and
Gaston Railroad.' On Monday morning we
called at our City Post Office to ascertain, if
possible, the cause, and lo Cnd out who waa
to blame. We were here shown the entire of
our mail of that date, returned from Richmond
the day previous ; and were told that Mr.
Patrick McGowan, Route Asent on the Ral
eigh and Gaston Railroad, was alone to blame
he having sent them through to Richmond
without distributing or delivering a single
pickage on the route. And not only was-our
mail ihus neglected on that day, hut all mail
matter of that day letters and all.
Only two days' beJore, this same Route
Agert put off our Warrenton package at
Dunnsv'die, and our Mausou package some
where else thus showing either the grossest
negligence, or the most wanton remissness in
his duties. We have complained time and
again of this route, and have forborne giving
names when -we n.iir'.t have done so. We can
submit w U;e outrage no longer. c tinis
publicly notify the Postmaster GeiiCjal f the
j wrt-ng-iloing and name the wrong -doer, and
; call upin him to relieve us and tha community
j fi our the mischievous acts f lhis official.
; Th.ere are occasional delinquencies on the
: part r.f R ute A"gin: on the IVorth Carolina.
' iit.iRoa l. V.'e li ive our ".detectives out
to ' s t " the delinquents, there. As s on as
asct rtasned, w sh;ll com pi with the request
j oi'tl,,' Department to promply report them.
; U'e ha'l do .so publicly, and thty will be fully
i advised of our "complainis.
4 " 1
The Congressional Address.
We
commence in this issue and shall con-
elude in to-morrow" pper. the ailmira- ;
o,e Auires5 tuigressto itie i c-ojile ol the
Confederate States. It is from the pn of the
tr ... t t t f r i : 1
11 '' 1- ourrj , wi iiai-auia, iec
tr,,; unanimous vi-te of Congress, and was
P''1 bi' e'ry menber present a't the time
"f it!i I- An able extemporary well
ooservKs, itiai, mis ut-ciiuieiu wm w ieau au
l :l I
profound interest in Europe and America.
Its style is faultless. Its tone moderate, dig
! r.if.efl ar.il manly. If Congress had done
nothing Je, this one act would entitle it to
; the. Tadtiti: le of the country.
( This Concrfssional Address will go North
aqd perhaps enter largely into the discussions j
: that may fv.rm t tie plai!f"nn of a successful
opposition to Lincoln. This document is even
' moio importai t than the lygis'atuin of Cn
: gres, because it furnishes, prc-perly under
rto'd. a i-a.-is f paeifieatiosi iijuti which the
e ei! rvati ve men of ti e Nortii can unite
-'gal:. ft the colosal depotism now forming at
i Washington . C:v. It lurni&l.es at leat a
p .-ii.ve moral result to our' victories in tho
' tiltl. The Legislature of North . Caroii j a
; rniLt add the mighty voice of this gr?at State
to the K-ntitneut of the Congressional Addis
o: the m1 jei t of Pkace ? What is this .-euti-ment
?
i We ordy rcpat the dere of the people
! " fr Peace, and our readiness to accent terms
Ci-nsi.-tent with the honor and integrity and
iii'lsp'n lence ff the Slates, and compatible
with toe safrtT of our domestic i:ititu:iis."
W cannot presume that a document so im
posing could be ratured and gin.to ti.e
world in terms, of accidental ambiguity.
Each sinii-nce has been well weighed. Each
word in its full force and signification had
been pondered over. Weare not prepared
to say how far we could support the plan of
adjustment in all cf its demands and conse-
qu-nces.
I: is the first step statesmar,.hit
,l..,'..c;rli,l nnn rr im. i'.-arnd bv the
swird. In every Cite we counsid mcvleration
and mutual forbearance among our people.
Unity of purp se is necessary. But ihe ysx
of ail eppoeition "to Lincoln, the foundation
of all hope of peace.is to lie found in the sword
cf the South. . Let this great address of Con
gress lire anew the enthusiasm of our people.
Let every man who israble, joinhe army.
The bow of peace begins already tp tint the
lurid clouds of war. One mighty effort one
jr mdjipriyinof the Teoplo one electrifying
ADDBESSi OF CONGRESS
To the People of the Confederate States.
In closing the labors of the First Permanent
Congress, vour Representatives deem it. a fit
occation to give some account of their steward
ship ; to review briefly. what; under such em
barrassments and 'adverse circumstances, has
. ben accomplished; to invite attention to the
prospect before us and the duties incumbent
oh every citizen in this crisis ; and to address
such words of counsel and encouragement as
the times demand. .
Compelled by a lonjj series of oppressive
and tyrannicnl acts, culminating at. last in the
seleciion of a President and Vice President by
a party confessedly sectional and hostile to the
South and her institutions, these States with
drew from ths former. Union, and formed a
new Confederate alliance, as an independent
Government, based on the proper relations of
labor and capital, lhis step was taken re
luctantly, by constraint, and after the exhaus
tion of every measure that was likely to se
cure as from interference with our property,
equality in the Union, or exemption from sub
mission to an alien government. The Sou-,
ern States claimed only the unrestricted en
joyment of the rights . guaranteed by the Con
btitution. Finding by painful and protracted
'experience, that this was persistently denied,
we defermiued. to separate from those enemies,
who bad manifested the inclination and abi'ity
to impoverish and destroy us, we fell back
upon she right for wich" the colouies main
taired the war of the revolution, and which
our heroic forefatlhers asserted to be clear and
inalienable.. The unanimity and zeal with
which the separation was undertaken and per
fected, finds no parallel in history. The
lx'Opl i rose en masse to assert their liberties
ami. protect their menaced rights. There
never was before such universality of convic
tion, among any people, oa any question in
volving so serious and so thorough a change
of political and international relations. 1'his
grev out of the clearness of tho right so to
ct, ami the certainty of ti e perils of farther
association with the Nortu, The change was
so wonderful, so rapid, o contrary to univer
sal history, that many fail to see that all has
been done iu the logical sequence of principles,
wh'cii are the highest testimouy to the wis
dom of our fatherland the best illustration
f the correctness f th ie principles. This
Government is a child of law instead of sedi
tion, of right insiead of violence, of delibera
tion ii stea ! of insurrection. Its early life
was attended by no anarchy, no rebellion, no
suspension of authority, no social disorders, no
lawless disturbances, tiovertigntr was. not
ior one moment in abeyance. The utmost
conservatism marked every proceeding and
puh.ic act. Toe object was " to do What was
necesfaTv, and no more; and. to do that with
the utmost tempenoce and" -prudence." St
Just, in hisvreporr to the Convention of prance,
in 1793, s-aid, "a people has but nj danger
ous enemy, and that is .Government." We
sidopte 1 no such absurdity. In nearly every
imtance, the first steps were taken legally, in
suvord.trice with the will and prescribed, di
ration of the constituted authorities of the
M-ix.iitig Stafts We were not remitted to
brute ton e or natural law, or the instincts of
reason. 1 lie emitters ot heedom woreseru
piilou -!y preserved. A'ajn the English Rev
olution, of Ji'jbS, and ours of 1770, there was
no material alteration in the laws beyond
what was necessary To redress th- abases that
-rov.-k-d the strugiile. No attempt, was made
t-build on ocCM'fpe-frinciplcs. .Theeffirt
v. a-c.nilimd within the narrowest limits of
l.i.-to; icd aiid constitutional right. The con
troversy turned' on the records'and mui.iments
of flic past. We merely resisted-: innovation
:t;d t rantn, and contended for" our birth-rights
aou the covenanted principles of our race.
We have had our Governors, General Assem
biit s and Coin ts ; the same electors, the same
corp. rations, " the seme rules for property,
ti.e Mime subordination, the s-nj ordr in
the law and in the magistracy." When the
s verf ign States met iu council, they, in truth
and snb.-ta!ice. and in a constitutional light,
di i iv i make, but prevented, a i evolution.
Commencing our new national life under
f-uch circuniMance.s, ws had a riltt to expect
that '.ve wouUh be permitted, without moles-
tat'.-Mi, to cu;tivatj the arts ol peace ; and vin
dicate on our chosen arena and with the selec
ted type o social characteristics, our claims to
civilization. I? was thought, too, by many,
that war would not be resorted to by an eu
hg:deiitd country, except on the direst ne
.cv.ss.itv. That a people, professing to be ani
mated by Christian sentiment, at.d who had
t reauSed our peculiar institution as a blot and
b i;r u pon the fair escutcheon oPtheir common
(iiiri-'iauity, should make war upon the South
f'.r d ing wliat tliey had a perfect right to do,
.-.mi h.r relieving" them of the incubus, which,
they pro;e.-sed, rested upon them by the as
s iciation, nsi deemed almost beyond belief by
many of our wisest minds. It was hoped,
uo, tliat t!. obvious interest of the two sec
tions would restrain the wild frenzy of excito
mcrit ami turn into peaceful channels the
thouuh's of those who bad but recently beeu
invested v.ith power in the Uuitcd States. t
Tiifre reasonable anticipations were doom
ed to iiappointnfeut. The red glare of bat
tie, kindled at Sumter, dissipated all bones of
peac., and the two Governments were array--d
in hostility against each other. )Ve charge
ihe responsibility tf this war upon the United
Xttifes. They are accountable for the blood
' and-havee and ruin it has caused. For such
a war we were not prepared The difference
in military resources between cur enemies and
nr.-elves; the immene advantages possessed
in the organized machinery of an established
government ; a poweiful navy ; ti;e nnoletis of
an army ; credit abroad, ar.d illimitable faci-
l.ties ia mi-chai.io-1 and ma. ufacturing ixiwer,
placed tht-m on tire vantage ground." In
our infancy we were without a teaman or
eUiicr, without revenue, without "gold -and
silver, withoir a reivgwirr i place in the family
of nations, without x:er al commerce,, wi th
en fojeign credit, wit;i the prejudices of the
wot Id ag.ii- t' us. While we were without
mai.uf.i-turiiij f dit!.'s supply our wants
our p-rt were l'ocka'ttI ; we had to grajiple
niiii a gia:;t n-J-'i r-ary, defend 2,000 miies of
a-co ist andao ttdand ir "ufer of equal 'ex
lent. If we L ! .-ucceedid in preventing .any
u.1'es.! oa ih- part of-our enemy itwould
Law- In-eu a.ndracle. What we have accotn-pli.-hed,
with a p pulati'ii so inferior in num
t tc-rs. aud means vastly disproportionate, has
excited the as'.onishmeut and admiration of the
world
The war in which we are engaged was
wickedly, and against all our protests, and the
most earnest efforts to the contrary, forced
-upon u& . South Carolina . .sent a 'commissiurj
We owe as.moch to his insolence and blind
ness as to our precaution.
The wager of battle having been tendered,
it was accepted. The alacrity 'with which
our people flew to arms is worthy of all n raise.
I Their deeds of heroic daring, patient endu-
ijuic, icTitujr Buvuimiuu 10 uiocipnue, ana
numerous victories, are in keeping with the
fervent patriotism that prompted their early
volunteering. Quite recently, score? of regi
ments have re-enlisted for the war, testifying
tbeir determination to fight until their liberties
were achieved. Coupled with and contribu
ting greatly to this I enthusiastic ardor, -was
the lofty courage, the indomitable resolve, the
self-denying spirit of pur . noble women, who,
by their labors of love, their patience of hope,
their unflinching constancy, their uncomplain
ing submission to privations of the war, have
shed an immortal lustre upon tbeir sex and
country - v
Our army is no hireling soldiery. ' It comes
not from paupers, criminals or emigrants. It
was originally ranted bje free, unconstrained,
unpurchaseable asseut of the men. AU'voca
tions and classes contributed to tho swelling
numbers. Abandoning luxuries and dbmforts
to which they had been accustomed, 'they
submittedjheerfully to the scanty fare and
exactive service of ihe camps. Their sevi
ces above price, the only remuneration
they have sought is the protection of their
altars, firesides and liberty. In the Norwe
gian wars, the actors were, every one of them,
named and parfrouymically described as the
King's friend and companion. The same
wonderful individuality has been seen in this
war. Our soldiers are not a consolidated mass,
an unthinking machine, but an army of intel
ligent links. To designate all, who have
distinguished themselves by special valor,
would be to enumerate nearly all in the army.
The generous rivalry between trio troops from
different Males has prevented Dy. special
, , 1 r. e t 1 .
pre-eminence, and hereafter, for centuries to
j.. i. . i j
come, uie gan ici Dcanng ana uccunqueraoie
devotion of Confederate soldiers will inspirn
the hearts, and encourage tba hopes, and
serengtheu ti.e faith, of all who labor to obtain
their freedom
For th'ee years this cruel war has been
waged against us. and its continuance has
heeu seizeil upon as a pretext by some discou
tended persons to exciie hostility to the Gov
ernment. Recent and p'oblic as havo been
the occurrences, it is strange that a 'misap
prehension exists as to the conduct of the two
Government- in reference to. peace. Allusion
has been made to the unsuccessful efforts,
when separation took place, to procure an
dmicable adjustment of all matters in dispute.
Th-se attempts at negotiation do not comprise
all that has been done. Iu every form in
which expression could be given to the senti
ment ir: public meetirg, ihrotigh the press,
by legislative :estlves ths desire, of this
people for peace, Lr the uninterrupted en
joyment of their rights and prosperity, has
been made known. I he President, more au
thoritatively, in several of his messages, win Is
protesting the utter absence of ail, desire to
interfere with the United Sttes, or acquire
any of 'their territory, has avowed that the
" advent of ppace wiil be hailed with joy.
Our desire for it has never been concealed.
Oar t flirts to avoid the war, forced on us ;s
it was by the lust of conquest and the .insane, j
passioi.s of our foe?, are known to mankind." j
The cour of the Federal Government h-is ;
proved thai it diJ not desire peace, aud io id ,
not consent i o it fu any te;'.ns that ivj could ;
possibly corieede.- In pnf of this, wu refer !
to the i peated rejection ot all terms of con
ciliation and compromise, to their recent con
temptuous refusal to receive the Vice Pres- I
ident, who was sent to negotiate for M'fteuing
the asperities of war, and their scornful re- !
jettioQ if t tie uff.'r of a neutral Power to '
mediate between thy contending parties. If
cumulative evidrnce be - needed, it ran he I
found in the fUlowing" resolution, reeently
adopted by
Wa hington
the House of Representatives in i
' liesolad, Tli at as our country and the very i
existence of the bet Govi-i-niaent ever ii.aiitite.t ;
l?3 m.in are itppcrufo'1 ty ihe muct causeiet" amf
wicked rcbelboa that the wyrhl ha soeu, ami !
believing, as vrc do, thai the oulv hije of saving (
this country and preserving this GivernmoDt ii
by the piwer ot tlje sword, ..e are for the irioi-t
vigorous prosecuouu of the war until the Consti
tution and the laws shah be- eaf jr'ed aud obeyed
in all parts of the Uuitad Sta es ; and to that end
we oppose'any armistice, or intervention, or tne
iliatiori, or jlroposition for peace, from any .quar
ter, so long as there shall be found a rebel in arms
against tho Government; and we ignore all party
names, lines and issuer, and recognize but tv
partiej ia this war patriots and traitors."
The' motive of such strange couduct is
obvious. The Republican party was f' winded
to destroy slavery and the equality of the
States, aud Lincoin was selected as tho in
strument toaccorjiplisii this object. The Union
as a barrier to the consummation ot this i
policy, because the Constitution, which was
its bond, recognized and protected sbtvery and
the sovereignty of the State. The Union
must, therefore, be sacrificed, and to ensure its
destruction, war was determined on.
The mas of the Northern people were not ;
privy to, and sympathized in no such design, j
They loved the Union and wished to'preserve'j
it. To rally the people to the support of the j
war, it object was proclaimed to ne " a restor- t
aiion of the Union, "as if that which implied j
voluntary asseui, of which agreement was an
indispensable element and condition, could be '
preserved by coercion. It is absurd to pretend
that . Government, really desirous of restoring
the Union, would adopt suc h measures as tb
confiscation of private; property, the emancipa
tion of slaves, systematic efforts to invite ihem
to insurrection, forcible abduction from their
homes and couipulsoTy enlistment in the atmy,
the division cf a sovereign . State without its-consent,-
ar.d a proclamation that one t-nh of
the population of a State, and that tenth under
military rule, should control the will of tne
remaining nins-tenths.- The only relation pos
sible between the two secti .ns, under such a .
policy, is that of conqueror and conquered,
sn perior and dependent. Rest assured, i'ellow
citizena,.that although restoration may still be
Used as a war cry by tne Northern Govern
ment, it is only to delude and betray. Fanati- i
cism has summoned to its aid cupidity and
vengeance ; tnd nothing idiort of your utter ;
subjugation, tne destruction oi your state
Governments the overthrow of your social and
political fabrii;, yoar'personal and public de
gradation and ruin, wiil satisfy th dendtpds
ot the North. Can there be a man so vile, s
debased, so cawortby of liberty ds to accept
peace on such humiliating- terms t
It would hardly be air to assert that all
the. Northern people participate in these de
signs. On ihe contrary, there exists a pow
erful political party, which openly condemns
them. The Administration has, nowever,
such resources, can never be subdued j that a
vast expanse of territory, withsucb a popula
tion, cannot he governed as an oWiient colony.
Victory would not be conquest. Tha inex
tinguishable quarrel would be transmitted
" from Weeding sire to son," andl the struggle
would be renewed between generations yet
unborn. To impoverish us would only be to
dry up some of the springs of Northern pros
perity to destroy Southern wealth is to re
duce Northern profits;, while the restoration of
peace would necessarily re-establish , soma
commercial intercourse. It may not be amiss,
in this connexionr to say that at kne time, it
was the wish and expectation of no any at the
South, to form a treaty of, amity and friend-,
ship with the Northern Siatea, by which both
peoples might derive the benefits of commer
cial intercourse and mov6 on sido bj side, in
the acts dt peace and civilization. Hietory
has confirmed the lesson taught by Divine
authority, that each nation, as well as each
individual, should se;ek their happiness in the
prosperity of others, and not in theinjury or
rain of a neighbor. The general welfare of
all is the highest dictate of mural duty and
economic policy, while a heritage of triumph
ant wrong is the greatest curse that can befall
a nation.
Until some evidence is given of a change of
policy ou - the part of the Government 'and
some assurance is received, that efforts at ne
gotiation will not be spurned, the Congress are
of opinion, tht any direct overtures for pea.ee
would compromise our self-respect, be fruitless
of 'good, and interpreted by the enemy as an
indication of weakness. We can only repeat
the desire of the people for peace, and our
r ad iness to accept terms, consistent with the
honor and integrity and independence of tne
States, and compatible with the safety of our
domestic institutions.
Not content, with rejecting all proposals for
i. ,,f i J r .Z 4
V a peaceful settlement of tne controversy,
,.,,,.1 t ;-,;,,... 1 !
f cmel war of invasion was commencnrl. whicl
it
hich.
in it progress, has been marked by a brutality
and disregard of the rules of civilized warfare,
as stand out in unexampled Utrbarity in the
history of modern wars. Accompanied by
every act of cruelty and rapine, the conduct
of t! e enemy has been destitute of that for
bearance and rnagaaoimity, which civilization
and Christianity have introduced to mitigate
.th aspritjes of war. The atro.ii ties are too
incredible for Harration. Instead of a regu
lar war, our redstance o; the unholy efforts
to crush out our national existence' is treated
at a rebellion, and tiie settled 'international
rules bet weeu belligerents art" ignored. In
stead of conducting the war as -betwixt two
inili.ary and poiui-Ml organizations, it is a
war ajiai.rst.tbe whole population. Houses
are piilaged nnd burned. Churches are de-ia;-ed.
Towns are ransacked. Clothing of
women and infants is stripped from their per
sons. Jeweiry and metncutocK of the dead
me stolen, aiilis and implements of agricul--tars
are destroyed. Private salt works ae
broken up. "The introduction of .medial ies
is forbidden. Means, of subsistence are wnu
tonly wanted to produce beggary. Prisoners
are returned with contagious diseases. The
jast uior.cl of fxnl h is bee i takeo from fami
lies, wh wejb not a'iowed to c rry n a tia le.
or braitc': of industry. A ttid and offensive
syiuiiigi has been introduced to ferret out
"disloyalty." 'Persons have been forced to
ho se L-tween starvation of helpless chi'de- n
ind taking :.ie fiath alhgiance t a luted
JoVf r ; ii -nt. Tne cartel f.r ex-diaye of
jois;iiCi has bj. n !'j-eti ' aud our ''hi'" a
i in'. ale o.aiet ivKje. if (j to 'bv trror-Mfrif
oi':,if.icf. T'li.M noiio'eii a' . Ge't .-.Our c. V. er-
leoriK-u
oei i -h
( u-t ..tii.ses an i lu'iiuiiHi! y 'eit
n tba Sivlvi. lie! -ie.-s' vooieii have
t)ecti exposed tj ui.: nio.-t crui mvtrar-j
:un to tii it d:.lioor which is infinitely w-ors
!uo deatii. Citiz-ns have been murdered by
Ji4C liutiers ai.d McNeils and Milroys, wh.i i
ye favorit.' geuvi'His of our enemies. Ji -luied
and dr'niato ladies have" been seiz-d,
und w.t ii c rd -, imprisoned, guar led by
i.e-c,res, and h--Id as hotag -f; for tat return of
3?-ca;tu ed s aves. Cnou'ending non-com-
lafanis have been ta;dshe 1 or dragged Irorn
ib -ir quidt hou.bo to le immuredk m filtiiy j
jiils. Preaciiiri tlie gospel ha-. teen refus -d
ex-'ept on coiiditio-i of taking the eat o of al
eiaiice Patents have, been foroMden to
n.nne their cididreu io bouor ot '" :-aln?i" !hiefs.
Property Inis been confiscated. Idiiitary gov
eruora have been appointed for States, suraps
for province s,. and Ilaynause for cities. .
Tfiese crueljics arid atrocities of th cuemv
have beeu exceeded' bv tludr malici ms a'al j
bluod-tbirsty purposes and niai-hination; in
reTerenee to tne slaves.. Early iu lhi war,
President Lincoin averred his "constitutional
inability and personal unwillingness to in-
terfere with the domestic institution of the
States and the relation betweeu' master a:id
servant. Presidential consideiations may have
beeu veiled under conscientious S'-ruples, fr
So ward, i i a conGdcnti.d instruction to Mr.
"Adams, tbe- Minister to Great Britain, on 10th
Jlarch, 1S32. isfcciJ : "If the Government of
the United S. ites shoul.l precipUaiely decree
the iinin-..iate abolition of slavery, it would
reinvig'irate the declining iiisufrcciiun in every
part of the South." Subsequent reverses and
tbe refractory rebel ioiisness of the seceded
States caused a change of policy, and Mr.
Lincoln issued his eelebrared 'prociamtioaT a
mere oruUtn fnltnen, .liberating the slaves in
tae " iusrrrectionary districts.". One tiic 24th
.me, 177G, one. of the reasons assigned by
Pennsylvania for her separation from the
toother country was that, in her sister c-doriies,
i the " King hail excited the negro&s to revolt '
and to imbue their hand in the blood of their
nctsterSj in a manner unpracticed by civilized
nations'. This, probably, iitd rcfVenr? to the
jin clamatiou of Dunmo-e, he lat roal Gover-
nor of Virginia, in 1775. declaring freedom to
all servants or iiegniea, if they Would j f-ir
the reducing the colony to a proper st-ns ol.
its duty." The invitation to thu.tJave to
rise against their ihasU. tle suggested iu
purrection, cansd, says Uancroft, a thrill of
indignatioa to run through Virginia, effacing
ali diiierences.of part-, and rousiQg one strong,
impassioned pupose to drive away tlte insolent
power bv whicri it had been put forth." A
d)temorary annalist, adverting to the same
proclamation, said it was received with the
greatest horror in all the colouies." ..
" The policy adopted by, Dtmmore, says
Lawrence in his notes ou Wheatoo, of arm
ing the' slaves against their masters,' was
not pursued during the war of the Revolution;
- and wheu negroes were taken by the Eugiuob.
. they were not considered ' otherwise than as
property . and " plunder. Emancipation of
slaves as a war measure has been severely con
demned and denounced by. the most eminent
publicists in EuroDe ami the United States.
Tbf United States rin their diplomatic vela- I
ol
i.
thje principle was maintained by the- United
States " that the emancipation of enemy's
slaves is not amotg the ac4i of legitimate
warfare." In tbe'J instructions from John,
Quincy Arfaras, as Secretary of State, to Mr,
Middletontat Saint Petersburg, October 18th,
1820, it is said : The British oave. broadly
asserted the right of emaoci pating . slaves
(private property) as &. legitimate right of
war. No such right is ack.no wleged as law
of war by writers who admit any limitation.
The right of putting to death all prisoners in
as cold blood and without special cause might
as well be pretended to be a law cf war, Or the
right to nse poisoned weapons, or to assassin
ate.'! ., (!:'.. ' , '
Disregarding the teachings of the approved
wriUrs on international law aud the practice
and claims of bis own Government in its
purer days, President Lincoln has sought to
convert the South into a St. Domingo, by ap
pealing to the cupidity, lust?, ambition and
ferocity of the slave. Abraham Lincoln is
but the lineal descendant of Dun more, and
the impotent malice of each was foiled by the
fidelity ol those who, by the meanness of the
conspirators, would only, if sacces6(nl, have
been seduced into idleness, filth, f ice, begga
ry and death. .
But we tire of these indignities and enormi
ties. They are too sickening for recital. His
tory will hereafter pillory those who com
muted and encouraged such crimes in immor
tal infamy. .
General Robert E. Lae, in a recent battle
order, stated to his inviucible legions that the
' ct uel foe Heeks to reduce our fathers and
mothers, our wives and children to abject
slavery." He does not paiot loo rtrongly the
parjioses of the enemy or the consequences of
subjugation. What has been done iu curtain,
districts, is but the prologue of the bloody
drama that will be enacted. It is well that
every man and woman should havd some just
conception of the horrors of conquest. Th fate
of Ireland at the period f its conquest, and
of Poland, distinctly foreshadows what would
await us. The guillotine, in it ccaselcs
work of blond, would be revived for the execu
tion of the ' rebel leaders." Th hero s of
orr contest would bo, required to l.iy down
their tr,ood ensigns, on which are recorded
the battle-fields of their glory, to stack their
amis, lower their bends in. humiliation and
di-h inor, p. iid pass under the yoke of aboli
tion misrule and tyranny.
A hateful inquisition, made atrocious by
soies ami informers; s:ar chamber courts, en
forcing their decision- by confiscations, . im
prixmments, banishments and dath ; a hand
of detectives, ferreting out se.crets, lu kimt in
every family, f xisihj in every conveyance; th
I suppression of free speech ; the deprivation of j
j ai:-sand Ir.inchises ; and the eer present
sen --f inferiority, would make ruir .condition
abject and miserable beyond wbi fre'ineu
can . imagine. Subjupation ineohes e'ry
thing that the torturing malice and devilish
ing;:,uity of our ft.es can suggest. The des
truction of oiir nationality the equalization of
wo.ites and blacks, the obliteration, of State
hues, .degradation to coloniii vassalage and
the i eduction of many of our citizens to dreary,
'voteless remediless botidasre. A hostile police'
would keep border" in every town and city.-
Judges, like Btistced, would hohl our courts,
protected by Yankee soldiers Ciimohes
would be filled by Yankee or tory prea -io rs.
Kvi v offi .-( would be bestowed on -alie,;.
A'-w-iitf-i-i'i won hi curse us "'iihali its vices.
s vei-i i '.ed t t'ne.-e, sinkitu: int a Ioatt
! inuw . t degradation, we w--tld be riiav.e the
!aveNoI otii nlaves. h.iJWeis );' v t.(J an i
driw- r;;o v:ter for thoMf Hpon u i(un (JihJ
hns stamped indcilibly fhe marks oi phcMcal
and inJellec'Ual in'crioruv. Tne pat or
lou iijn ciamtrioK need not be sonant into to
fi.rtii.-Ii illustrations of the herit.itte "t sriame
that snhjuyHtion would entail. Ji.il time, re,
Sf . L 'U:s, Nashville, Ilnoxville, Xew OrlpariH,
h-ksoii'g, II inisvill-f Norfolk, Aewhein.
L i-s.,il!e and Fredericksburg are ri(e ti ;
!?':' of ihe ignominy and poverty of Yankee
iluirifiAiui",
Tee sa-1 K'ory of th- wrongs nnd indignities
etidnreil bv tiuse Stte.-i which have? been
in
the co'iuj'et" or parti-d possesion the enem'v.
w.ll give Ue best evidence of the innsequenco
of s j'j i .ation. Missouri,, a magnificent em
pire oi'arii ultural and mineral wealth, is to
tay sniokitig ruin, and the theatre of the
fuost revolting cruelties aud hnxharisra. The
ndnioni of tynnuy consume her substance,
plunder her citizens, and destroy her peace..
The aered rights of frecnieu are struck down.
i .t. .... . - 7
aiei ttie ni'Mjii ot herciu'dren, hernial ens aud
her old men, is made to How, xut of mere
Wantonness and recklessness. No whisper
of freedom co unpunished, and the very in
stiuctn of self-preservat:ou are outlawel. The
wmship of Cod aud the, rates of nepulture
have l"n shamefully interrupted, and, in
many inniances, the cultivation of the oit is
prohibited, tu her own citizens. These facts
are attesteal by many wituexses and it is but a
just tribute to that noble and chivalrous p-o-ple,ihat,amid
barbarities almost unparalleled,
they still niH'mtaintiiiu a proud aud defiant
spirit towards their enemies.
In Maryland, tho judiciary, made subservi
ent io executive ulMiIriim, furnishes n. se
curity fr individual rights of personal frc-e-dom
ihuiiIkj-s of ihe I'graUture aie rre6ud
and iinprieo..eil without prdaes ui law or as
signment of cause, and the whole land
groaneth under the oppression of a merciless
tyranny. ' - f "...
In Kentucky,, the ballot-box has been over
thrown, free speech is suppressed, the most
vexatious annoyances ham aud emb:tter,v
an-"! all the arU and sppliances of au unscru
pulous dejotji.:ii are freely used to prevent
the uprising ol the noble patriots of ths dark
nd bb.dy ground." Note of glad.it.-; as
surances of a rrightr and better day, re.ch
us, and rh- exiles may tike cgu.age and hote
for the future. " ' .
In Virginia, the model of all that illustrates
human heroisp and ell'-denying ptrofim,
although the Tempest of desolation has swept
Xivcr her fir domaiig:, no sign f. rejentaoce
ior her hepara n -from the ortli own be
found. Iler ol I homestead dismantled, her I
aoCestral relics destroyed, her people iir.iver
i?hedrlier terrifir made lb battle gionnd
for the rnde slen ks o! c oreiidiiijf hotd, and
them ditided, with hireling anites mocking
ly clatning jurisdiction wnd nuthority, thy Oid
Dorniuioti Mtill fUuds with promt etrst and)
defiant ru4n, tcatly ki tramp beoMtil her I reel
every uurpr and tyrant, ' ant I in iltttstraie
afresh tempr .Tyranmis, tho "proud
est msCto that ever blaned on a nation's aideU
or a warrior'a arms." ? . ' " v .
. wTo prevent such effects, -our people are now
prosecuting this straggle. c It is no raere war of '
1.;
A
ii
calculation, sqeosteet tor acpecliar kind ofJIiv '
,..oVrt't
wwa point, lit V ocs ocne i
ojr any otheij nati try;Y e .
It UbeAertotsli tan&neV " .
her oower thka ef 'that! IVu w
rflU existence and oeei .
now governed. It most bm is perf-lnU ; t
us. Aa the 3'uUa lander bfrn-
i to make retreat innoiible. en W 1
rd to take stcM backward. Retreat V
ngerous than advace. Behind u?L
t Tf n M .1 J J..? C '
v uegraoauon. .4ore un,
ir and imnlaeable foes ar Ttrenir.'
usly for th Romtnv cararmVn i
i?s3ing efffcrln should be m& be t our (
W8Ut,touru3Udng,ourpoplt8hoBld '
m II tne laws. Whio.h th i!irrumrfnM.. .
.Every one capable of bear in -r
d be connectcl with eomt effiir r
gaubiatjoQ. The ntmost energies
ie pupunuon saouta ,o taxed to .
otK. aua nothing, and a spirit of
s and truit in an all-wise and over-
idence Bbi,uld be cultivated.
(ry ot tknr rtiTUe yvarabAi mnrb
us to renewed effort, and a firmer
assurea nope. A whole people
their hearts and bodies
itTaJar, and cwtly sacrifices havo tx n .
! )H ou the altar of our country. No simi-
kiinkuiice iato ue louiyi ot inch spontaneou
jtWingtnd volunteering. Inspired by a holy
:riitn. again and arin hate our hrva
I iliers with the aid cf Heaven, baffled the
3 m in our iocs. , ,
1 8 ! i io no arrujt.ut spirit, that we refer to
V vnmt uno cosi un so mocn blooa,
i; Jd lrotiht eorrow to so mny hearts. We
ffl cr.c in an tnan euruestol what, witi.
Vjeniiiaed and -resolute exertion, we caa do
joivert vubjogAtiot amlslary- and we cannot
V3 tx di'ucern ini cur. deliverance from so
yy n-id so gret perils, the interposition
iftbat Being who ill not f ii-!ak:i! us in the
!s tiiat are to cotrie. Let o, then, louk- .
V' upon ihe thf Jyvlics of our loved and
iored dead, catch inspiration from their exe
lule, nn'l gather reiewod coufldeie and a
ner resolve to tread, with, unfaltering
put, the path that leul to h mr aud pVao,
tujjh it lends throtgh lrs and sulerioj;
i)U,i- ! . .. . ..-'.;
W We have tui auernauve bat o do our dot v.
'Vf ciiiulwt jar property, home, tbe honor irf
jfti -aives, tie future of our ehilden, tlie.t reA
'tfva'tiou f tur land fum pollution, ana to'
cgrrt a d.ri which wt can realf both in tho
treat of O'ir eoeniit aad the net" of oppres
iin, we havje alluded t in this address, ?'
. 1 mi J.- i . . e . . J f ' ' '
Vine suuiiiion i ra-e, nut- inrniflien na
jit excuse for depondeuccr. ItisU ad of
irsh critici m of tho Oovernnieitand - our.
'fiends ; in lead tf beraiiini ahe, Wlure ro
;n;oiiitli pipoesibiliiits. Ihonld rather :
klgrsteful, lumbly and'ain.lotind'ytb a. b-
( i!ifiit l'roviltaicc for tbd res nl.thi have ro- ;
'.'nr-hd our I labors. R.'Wiouniig ithe oin-
luporlion m oopulatioL, ui; tnilitiry. .and
e"vnl reso'ai4n . and the klefictenev ol kkilll
.... . .
.lonr in ti e Buutn, our aaKioijiitun ccts Lavo
rpa.-ed ttl rei:on!c of any penpl in
v
te world. li'.s is no ro u fr itopelesKneRS
fe.tr. Since the oiitonkk of the war, Jie
hutn h is loJtthe noni'lLal nrsisiun ofaiA"
;jiisi tvpi mtr. atd fiaglieiits of her tori A
1 , I t . - 1 w
Ktrv. hnt Fcfral 'ooctipaiid." is net o'lnqufy 'A
I -. ... M mi
fi"
he lues ot iminof.sm still lliru imriuencl
b of,tliose
o me -uio
ltreun cavupatum. e axt fmve i
r ninteiupt'edyiiiiiil a teritgrj'. wjdeh.
mi: to
i .yea7 pnrrbpvs7wn fK
The twWri). ill'
a eo reni l w tve fTlM f
uiou t Urn ftW t c
itBenltiek. ;w.
ie-J, i surelt. eomW
.Th.. nhnt .
United States aud
P ...... VI njtg .
-jant harvests In ',
a . m
, will 1j as ten what mi
i . .
Dinerwise inevit-
.wany sagucious peftjjw
cr id iue uNurpution 1 1 1 tueir Goveron-n
ii '
fceiuin overthrow of their !ihrr. ' -
number revolt from tbufjost war waged
tbe South, and would fladJy brill it to an
v wna inarm oa i tie cempiete
ru vf constitutional frcedem bv Abra-
"ViVi0 8,TerT tl'ree years of
re failed to inflict on t, ft,...tt
wen at the North have spokca cut
yw. uiui iiiiiion una ..,...!,....
be Hucces cf iIm-aa wen over ike
wmh waicn now rales
ru y to nencrfut .mi
.! . ... . . - n
"u oi sioouy -and sane-
5k
V oV
jut i. sf - . w
, we sxhort otir 5riow.cicisint N . """V i
renow-cttiseoi
o labof nor VV",1"1
r to enable rjs X
cueer u spare o Uoof nor
1 .! ..... . -
roay.M necessary
MmpaifO upon wbi
1jUVefc-e through jedCT
;;tnaJijaX3tctioD, but i-uflering and hurallia- t
lioti v tje Bchooltaasters that u td "nations to
selfsree aiid indepeudonce. Tbeee ki
i hnary pjjvidencei but ntatcre aud'dttop
ami idify our pmle. We Iwg.thallhl''
siiirfiljsand resources of thn m.iu.. .a,u
, aru sopje, may be sold to the GiSvemcrsti) '
eupi.Tt and equip Its armUs. Let kllpjU. .-..
oti"y -" past p'y oinereiicea Dcfor- -goitei
fi the preseoco if oar cruel fae. .w.v .
l aheulifot despond. Wesfcosld be self faX .
i nyinf I Ve; ehoold lalrf ertend'Kj the V"
i h.,., : . 1 . iU A " .
their .dot
Mat aid lias the piw of theincoUtnil- 'k ol
incur, n4. hw nnitr 1 Lfforia. hv a all. t o -1 f
j cotr?f hendiug a selffteifinog patris '-y
r We:i with th iWir.iin.l -rf-',
penwnicifceaviion ti
Sd f &
seiaana ciuktrea.
. hit ki. f
" "T ,v intern
ll'" ."!. I J
us if lory, and, m ,Uis
povir to prevnatthis g
cow against Uptem
rHiton whiii Ik hi
tnitteei
AddttKS fc
of Coovrv- i
? member tiresent. K
W' -?r:tr
( II o'cloc k B).. t i I
utnii' Jtie productive reHoietjcsutthe cpostrr. v - (
, We stJiM economize, 'ft, failles of aol- .(Vi . .
dieri-fowia be cared I f and lifcraftwrBp-W , )
plieii h We entreat I'nau puerone aotf f ' '
nerTJopertion withjihe OovernnteM ii VM
allt4cu of it tdms,srion, end- jtl. o3 H H
the ints, civil or cuilityKjn tbe.44fonn?i?n1 '
aocff their doty .H v .VV
i ' i
! --I)
'4
ar
1 y- S
a i m ..
t .
(
K
'.V
I
wn,ti.-flT,tiHH(ff'il,rn l 'A.l.fJ..i -'Hf f I'v.