fTLT L1 rAJl?PrM?T) A HT? ! The ,pttPr whicn we publish to-day iu anoth
1 11 j ' jUiN I iliUrill A 1 i. i er column from the Secretary of the Treasury
WEDNESDAY, AIGIST 24, 1864.
to Got. B-iuhata of South Carolina, euforces
the points which we made on yesterday, and by
n ; t its earnest assurances and cogent reasoning
It is high time that the otherwise univer- . mne3 a powerful appeal to the wisdom and
sal feeling of hope, elation and confidence, J patriotism of the reop!e,"lo reform the, financial
should have tho benefit of a financial improve- j C9Brlition af the nation. I have an abiding
ment. It is cot only au anomaly, out u is a coafidencc (says tbe becrewry; mat a gmcrai
Jiir ifp that. tlo exorbitant nrices cf yro- and well established belief in the iutentioa of
vigors and of everything in life, from the fee
of a one brief lawyer up to the salaries b! the
Special Court, should In baed on the? ucn ur
thinessof the rational currency and the want
of faith in the rational credit.
There is not a nation in the world, so capa
ble of meeting every pecuniary demand which
inav jusdy be made upon it, as the Confeder
ate SUte.s; 'aud neither England uor France,
nor lluss'u, e u!d to-duV comnwuce to liquid
ate tbeir uati debt with" half the ficility.
with as slight a -unIeirupon their people, as
could we 'mi. .Indeed, it is a- patent fact
riot a pr hle.n. but a truism that we can in
i few short years, stick as would scarce make
an hour io the life iae of a nation, make the
world at Urge pay our drbt. without eliciting
a dollar from tli- pockets of our own' f?oole.
.The only nation in the world that grows all
the great matrriil staples, we have nought to
do but command tho nations ol the earth to
do our paying What a wonderful condition
of things do we now present. The yankees
ay thoy blockade our ports and harbors.
Thev string along our coast flecks and herds
of every kind of bark, schooner, sloop, brig,
Irigate.douMe-enders, with no ending to the
almost inumerable craft they. hare, to pounce
on our unarmed steamers that come and go
to briny tho purchases of war iu foreign
muts and carry the withal to pay for them ;
vt in sni'e of this whole kennel of sea docs
Congress under no circumstances of temp
tation or trial, to shrink from the observance
of the most rigid goed faith in the money deal
ing of the Government, will enable us to over
We invite the attention of. all concerned to
''Generaf Order No. 5t" issued and signed
by Gen. II. E. Lee, which we publish to-day.
These orders address themselves to all classes
of men who are, this day, absent from .the
army ''without proper authority ?
Those- who have remain! absent revond the
time limited for their return, ur after the cause
of their ab.-ence- has ceased, to use the re
marks cf the State Journal, are afiV-ctionately
admonished to return to their respective com
mands without delay ; while they are reminded
that every day they ttay away from their posts
,, c i i.- . 4i:B i adds to the dai.gers and labors of 'their eom-
cotne all our financial difficulti s, and this cte- j .
rades, aod increases tVeir own responsibility
to the laws thejaare violating.
Gen. L'c mildly avid affectionately ascribes
the crime? of this class to Ihoughtlessness or
negligence ; and, as a father pleading with his
erring sons, reminds them f the shame and
di?2race they are entailing on themselves and
termination should be eDcenrnged and support
ed by the public declaration of our people, ex
pressive of their od resolute wijl to foster the
credit of the GoYernment by the establishment
of low prices, and by the patriotio support of
it Treasury."
This is emiuentlv sound and wise counsel.
May we nnt hope that the farmers aDd planters
of North Carolina will begin t act upon it.
The commissioners of Virginia, in assessing
the prices for August and September, made a
schedule at altogether too high a rate. In
Virginia, desolated and devastated Virginia,
where hostile armies have camped and march
ed and fought and wintered, where there is
not a man fcarcely who has net felt upon his
own shoulder the rough galling hand of war,
where especially the agriculturist has felt all its
ravages, for in a large portion of that State
the fences have long since been burned, the
houses torn down, th? woeds cut down and
consumed, the stcck impressed and used, and
the hands removed t more secure positions.
la another portion, and in yet another the oc
cupation is alternated, ene or ether army
always being present- Yet in Virginia the
very farmers and planters themselves rose up
againit the assessment of undue prices, and
insisted upon a reduction -of the standard
GLORIOUS NEWS FIIOM PETERS
BURG T EI E ENEMY DRIVEN
BACK WITH" A LOSS OF THREE
THOUSAND PRISONERS !
We are indebted to our friend, Mr. C E. !
1
Dunn, f r his favor in .furnishing u th" ;
Richmond and Petersburg papers of very
late datu. The Petersburg Express gives ac
count of the attempt of the enemy to reach
tt e city by way of the Wehion railroad.
As an itr:n of news, we c'Pv the article of
the Express : .
THE EKEMT CUT THE SOUTHERN RAILROAD
AND ADVANCE TOWARDS THE CITY THEY
ARK CHECKED AND FINALLY DRIVEN BACK
WITH HEAVY LOS.
About 9 o'clock a. m . Thursday the cnrn.v '
in heavy forao ot iufautry and cav-hy, ap- j
peartd at Gurley's f.i! m, about .-ix taties .ou;U
east of the city, and three miles eat ol ihrf !
railroad, and throwing forward a strong liue
T E L E 01? A PI! I C .
REPORTS OF THE 1'ltKSS ASSOCIATION.
I hey hod been driven on the previous evening.
Thv line having been greatly stiengthcned,
pr-ved too strong to bo t'mied, and our
troops were checked in the face of the slaugh
ter which threa et:td a further 4d Vance.
In the meantime, Ger-. Mahone, withO.ing-
man's, Colquiu'.- and h:ewn former brjgadc, j
had struck the light of the Yankee lire ud
captured cij:ht i.undrcd prisoners. PrtMtig
forward with his usual euerjry, ho drove -the
enemy befjrehim, Riic.-es fully charging firm
wherever they made a tlund. iMiidii.g thuir
strocfily ertrenched l owewr, iu th thi'k
woods ornosite Davio' farai. it was determii ed
U dislodges thorn bv u flan n:ovf inenl j Ki-.pten a ftw days lirce. llrj-ort re mime
Ciingn.an's and Mahot.V old lrigale t-ngagt d j" muli cirrulating. r.-fsr their r1 t!,,r 1,1,1
them in front, whdn bv a circtdtons i ute C.-t- beyond the fact tha they had cut the rad at Ack
quitt's (Georgia) b wade was throw Ui their wor.lund were detroyirg tho track bftwrrn
tlink. i ll1 fiiovtrineut p od a braliant fuc- Etowah od Oaaiu.la liver Hi d thus far had beeSj
cegs, ard caused oarcelv ary lo.s to our I cntirelv fuccefal. nothii r uli'iisl had beent-
Front Atlanta.
ATLANTA, Au;. IK. Heavy f kirmif hng be
gt:n at midnight on our left and centre, and er
tinued till 2 o'clock, ithcut any rcfultB. Thii
morning the artillery of 8tuart'j crp opened on
the enemy ; their batteries replied net !y ; tho
fiurig very heavy and produced consterna
tion amvn? the eiierr.. rriotn'ts report that oue
cavalry cajtund a Urge liUR'ber r of bee at
our little fawns and fallow deer venture i aaJ tbcir egtabl-1?"ll(aeBt on a basis saffi-
through, with scarce: the least possinj emu- i
tion of timidity. The Governor ol this State,
who was raised on the summit of tho highest
mountain iu the Confederacy, from the top uf
which he has h?en able to ses and har the
ocean waves roar all his life, has become so
conven-ant with marine business, that he
picks up a few planks arid nails, a sm -k
etaek and engines like to a turpentine distil
lery, put together somewhere on. the Clyde,
and just nd-vances right through all this
blockading business, coining and going, bring
ing card- for the soldiers wives, clothes, boots,
shoes, blankets, overcoats, hats for the -soldiers,
scythe blades for the farmer, dye stuffs,
medicines, arrrs. ammunition, and ever and
anon a little of the pure and genuine unti
dcpTesrive ai.d wholly stimulating "luxury"
for tucourtof whom it may cwem." And
instead of paying for this outlay of wholesale
buying with the petit, small, diminutive, little,
round oid and silvei puces which ouo might
carry in g 'od r und amount in a breeches
pocket, why he sends cnt a currency of bulk
and weight a 'king" currency a royal,
imperial money and put it right.through
all ob-itaclrw. And this Gov. Vance has made
North Carolina a known, established charac
ter on change, so that the very Persian, and
Hiudoo, and Greek graduates in commerce
a.c proud tt) make h-r u quaiutanci.
And not only North Carolina, but the Con
federate Statfsare buying and selling right
hrough the very planks ol our Yankee fleet.
And not content with paying down at da'c,
l ot they take cotton and set it down now in
Liverpool, to pay a debt not yet arrived, but
to come somewhere rext April. And thus
this isolated, shut-up, blockaded nation says
ciently low to inspire confidence in the cm
reney " The result was that the emraission
rs reassembled and reduced ta schedule
prices to $7 5 for wheat for the month of Au-
- 1 . . .
families, it thev continue to shrink firm the , . . . ri,
coun it-red the pickets of Gen. Deaiiug's cav
alry brigade, who fought then, as they retired
in the direction oi the Tavern, where Gen.
D's. reserves wer eiicamf d. Geu. Deariug
deployed his mn in the most skillful manner,
and checked the advaace of the Y'jnkee troops,
hut finding himself opposed to very large
odds, was competed to give . back gradually.
His troops behaved in 'the most gallaut man
ner, ai d ought in a style highly creditable.
From 9 o'clock until 2 p. ni.. he eragnd the
enemy, fighting them step by ttep ail the
way from tho Tavern to Davis' farm tw
mites usurer the ciy .
It was during this period that a portion of
kfts command made a vrallant ard successful
charge upon ihe Yankees, and brought off
nearly two hundred prisoners among them
one Lieutenant Colonel aud 'eight commis
sioned officers.
About 2 o'clock, the enemy in their ad
vance tow'ards the city, had reached a poii.t
manful discharge &f daty io the hour of their
conutry's need, and leave their -home to be
defended and their independence to be secured
by the unaided courage of others,
To those who have incurred the guilt of
desertion, Gen. Lee addresres bimgtlf iu toi es I
of the utmost clemency. A prompt leturn to
j duty will entitle them to p n don . and restore
them to hojifar, while, 1f cariicd 1 ack une'er
arrest they have nothing to look for but the
severe penalties of an. inexorable law.
We sincerely trust and hope that all con
cerned all who are absent from their com
mands without proper authority will lend
a ready ear ai.d a willing lu art to tho admo
nitions and injunctions of Gen. Lee, and i
Jturn at once to their feveral posts of duty.
We-hope, too, that the frieadsand relations
of these nun will intfTvt themselves in their
behalf, that they may bo saved from the j
iust bevond Davis' house, and ihrnwji their
skirmisheis forward through 'he corn-field;
deepest ilisgrace and the worst of all temporal j Uir iu cbeC here "hy D.-ar'ina's cara'ry tin
punishment a deserter's death. While the i til reinforcements firrivod. The, enemy here
pest of honor still awaits them and while occupifd both sides ot toe road their ieit ex
mercy extends her arms to receive them, let
them lis n to the dictates of duty and honor,
Jhe Kews.
Yesterday and to-day eur columns have con
tained highly important and interesting- news
from several quarters. We are in receipt ef
no papers from Virgirda of a later date than
gust, and $5 for September. The' effect ef j yieid to the entreaties of their beloved Geueral
this has alreadv ben visible in the 'improved' and return to their respective commands.
toueof public confidence, in the fall ot prices
and the better appearance of things general'y.
In this Sta'e the commissioners have Mien
into a fimilar error as the Virginia com
missioners firfct did. Their standard .of rates
is altogether too high. It is not fixed on the
es'dmate of the value of the article, but on
the value" cl the enneucy. This is a wrong
principle to begin with There is no reason
why wheat sin ul be assessed in North Caro
lina at $10 per bushtl. We are having the
most abundant year which we have had for
many years. The gardens are full of veg
etables, tne crop of wheat better than usual,
a fair fiu t cropland ihe promise of corn and
peas tey.-nd au a v-rage. In addition to this,
our State has trj-ncd a greater immunity
from the evils of this war ihin almost any
other, except in the " astern and to some ex
tent the Wes'oro rxtreme section, there has
been scarce an unusual demand upon our
people. The central belt of the State has
fattened on the war.
Wlr.it, then, can there l3 of reason in hav
ing, in this t;mo of plenty and abur dance,
such exhorbitant prices asci-ed ? There can
ha none found except in the disastrous fact
that the people rieubt the value of their own
currency," acd this is an egregious foliy, be
sides being most unpatriotic, these exces
sive rates necessitate another. flood of p"per
promise, a rrdundint circulation, a large in
crease ot debt, more taxes, tending to pre
tending several hundred yards to the risht of
it, aad. their right rest ng away off t ) the leu
amidst the thick woods and undergrowth.
Our line was formed some lour or five hun
dred yatds in front oi the fi-id occupied by
the Yaukjes, and in the finest of spirits, ai.d
I with steps as elastic and willing as though
j they wet e marching to a fyst. our mu strode
i forward to the content. The cnssuyV skir
mishers were scet and quickly driven bark
upon their lirst'iiue of batlle, which iu turn
was hurbd iu confusion upon their second
liue. and that upon their third. P raging
those Quoted from on vesterdav : but we learn fnrwmrl amidst ti.e; ersh ofcai.nou aid
that
day
auothi
1
noon, iu which bur forces captured a I tjUiirtt.rs (,f a mile.
large number of prisoners, drove the eueray to ) Our lo?s iu his affair is not i ::ccns deiahlc
the west of the road and bad them cut off from j but vciy few killed. Three hundrtd
, . , . jU -i t t ' wounded havo b-n sent to the hospitals and
their eutrencLmerits on the enst side of the j " . 1
tr.-.ops. ,
Co!q irt's men w r.- upon ttin Y.iokres al-
mo?t b-Jore they wpic a wire of siuiiel-se
pr ximity of the n b-ls, and s-urrender or
iihting uuilcr fea.ful d.dwaritage w!- tlj
alternative. Crawforii's crack diviiou, ol
Warren's (5tt )c rp, here fell a helpless ic
tim to rebel strategy, and the greater part of
two brigades nuruhering cve" iio thniiul
mm threw down t'heir arms and Mirrenduvd
The prisoners wove quickly placed under guard
ami .eut to to the rr;ir, where they vcrc form
ed into line aud marot.ed to Gt-n.'-Hill's head
qmrterp. The battle still progrcsd si-CJ-.ssful'.y until
the enemy wrs dji-.cn L'ack to the position
irom which he rulvar.ced in the morning. At
dark our lines were clnss up to his works, and
occasional vol!--ys of musketry showed t-tiil
Jarther fighting.
Among the prio.ers i-.keti, i Ijiig. Gc-n.
Jiays, f)f Mass-chii:o is. .-evti .a! Coloue f .and
tuer field llioers of iess grade. Gen. Hays
wa"ijror,ght in o tr.ett-wu last nii.'h.K
We leiiet to state, howvt-r, tliat General
Clingntao was painfully, though not icri u
ly. wounded O
- The battle f-r the possession ol the railroad
will probably be resumed this inorningaud it
is beiiev;d ihe cuenw- will not only dislodg
ed, LutMisastroucly lieleated. Tuis expedition
will turn out in ths end, to be the greatest dis
aster that has yet happened to Grant in thi
department.
It is alsj stated that Bcvtrul hundred uvue
prisoners Jiive been ta'.ou, thus ;unin
Lumber above 8000.
ceived. The entaiv ?puh to be ignorant f the
uuiguitode ol our opertioii in their rear, and
wrs preparing another raidirg eapediti n under
Ki!j atritk.which hid i entfer.voutd at Sweetwater
pirparatory to atarticg, Nhiih is believed to hare
been rectlh-d xetteiday, goir g io puicuit of our
cavahy. '
From Mobile.
XIOBILK, Aug. IT. Mnj He. Frank flatdaer
aiuim-d eeii.mandof the IMftrUt of th '! to
day. Tho People are tuueh pit -ascd with the -point
inert.
Yes-trday evening. tho nn'iny in five lauin
liidd at Monti use. Our cacli tirni.a tli
killing two aod wcui.dirt ttTeuth Tho ei.eir
rctiritt.
Lat night Mj. Can t.l, agent tor CMhsKe
prisoners at this print, returned from th? enert vf
II -i t after seding ft Iottn and parkng t'.r tli
J)aut)hui Island pris.meis. Hopes are eistrtair.nJ
of an etchange at an early day.
'A force of tLoeniiur, 2000 strong, n (, d !'(.
di.lo rirer ycsterd:y, lidvaucir.g towards Jlobilc
bay. Ai tjuiet in tha bay.
From Florida.
Cu hLLsroS, Aug. '-').
An oHioial dispatch fram (ieu. .!. M. .Iat-kM,
dated bak City, August l'Jth, to t'.on. .lone
was received latelat night, it sav?thit I'aj.tain
Dickci toa and his company cngagtd the en-tsy
cavalry, three hundred and forty-two Hion, it
(.'.liuesvi'de yesterday, completely rouliu tl.t ui.
lie captured one hundred ami hfty prisoners, Hnd
oue piece of Artillery, btfiios cpturiujf rive huu
drcd stolon negroes. Among tho prit.oi a u
a Captain and two Lieutenants and one Surgeon.
) h.. rle-lc vomu-and wculd have boon captured if
For the Cocfcderato
Messus. Enri'- n--: It is desirable? to be
.cno wry, as to h;ou law (lleveii'ie) applies to j c,iA. Diekenson'e horsej had nt been worn out
ax m unit), giuwtn of ll-o;i tne uw pass, u
a 1803, cr th.it passed in 1804 ? The law of
18Co iinuocs. a lax. or fi: c. uoo.i' tiv s, who
passengers who left Petersburg on Satur- I the roar of n uskctry, tiird line w; quick-
night or Sunday tnomicg, report that j h' broken aud almost routed and t.ic pio
i-r severe engagement ocfurnd on the 1 A- , . , " ' , p (! , u I
b 6 ooinm-i deo bv G?n. Warren, A (lie ram
u .ersou. was driven bu-k lor tiitoe
road. The capture of the whole force was al-
1 more ai yet bohintl. Four or live hundred,
! ra the moi-t will cover the ngrrregaie.
most coulidently expectod. The 1ob, ou both, jn y,tm,Htx the enemy lost about two huu-
idos, is reported large heavier, it is said, fjed, a;id our ocniiaaiuls n out -thirty.
than in both the two previous days nht. We ! Ab(;iit live o'clock, a brh-k artiliery fire was
defiairamormatin penea upon u-e eneu.y j o. t.r -
Davis' iai in , wl ioh w as vigorously replieo to.
mil to deliver their ten h to C vor;iinO:it , of
50 percent, on the a.H-s.e.l vain '' S!i;-;i :ir
tide-not dclivercil. Tl;e act of lSri4 in jo e.s
a tax or floe oi oO'J per eet.t, A.-. vVt:k-:i i
intended to control prCduie ;.x of g! vh o
We believe tc U u been dwid-d th.tt the 1
law of13'ja-appUus.t.o delinpu-ctji t r lbbS,
but we hope son o?jt- in tho 'l i'.hrj dp it
luciit will giva an nutheutioatod reply to tlu
sibovc iritcrroj4to y I' !-. Coskkkuati:.
" il'dher." said Ike P .irtioe'-'Mi, " did you
Vnow ih.. the 'iron horse' ha- but or.c
'O ie car !
yon n ",in
nisi't-iait gri 'i '.tS coou, wan v
V" Why the ensine! , of c -ut: e."
MS9
expect to receive some
concerLng this last engagement before going
to press vith this paper.
The t'fcemv
shells cut several ol Mr. Dms'
j line yfove ti oes down, and injured His lesideuce
1 1 ftll I .... 4. 4 1.
rStnce the above was in type, a .,ilcm -.n !. cvuiei a-.iy . i nts so. i rg wa uu u,
,L. . . . , r. . c , vrelnde o a chaigo on ur part, in ord-rto
of tms city, who left Petersburg vn buntyy cnly fr.,ll3 a positillll ,hol-ot
morning, informs us that it is a mistake abeut ; ti)Q rn.Htt
a fi -j-ht. having occurred on Saturday. Thuo ; ki
cofi-Hlorod i o.portant ti u.
The
to the world see h?rr, wherever there is a j cipiiatn that worst of mischiefs, the breach
rat, there is a hole for him to get out at aud '. cf jht- national faith. The runedy is in
all the world at once sees tho allusion andun- j. th hands of the people, and we now most
dcrstamls the force of this rat iocinatum. . j earnestly, and for another time reiteiate
The effect cf this is, that when this same j our appeal to all classes of our feTlow-citizcus
Honfofiprate Govemmeut sets down and j to hold meetings and pass resolutions to it' p
write i" 1890 we nnchrkike to pay one
thousand dollars to hearer, with interest semi-
this iujur'mm sy.itera. Let the farmers set
! the example to be followed by manutactursrs,
aunu
ally, at eight per cent., Liverpool, aud ; tradesmen and all mn of business, of maiu-
t ,..,,l,.n nnd Aotwem. and Amsterdam, and taininir the inti-grity of the Government by
liOlltVll, "fi I
Manohe-ter, ami Lyons at once know this to
be a safo, sure, reliable obligation, and they
charging prices according to the value of what
they sell, and by elevating the currency to the
ment, is seHinsr here for one hundred and fifteen
new issue, pinch backs. It goes to Loudon,
and tin-re it sells for seventy in coin yellow
-old Sovereigns, Victorias or Napoleons and
these covies then send a letter back here that
Sf
take it. to i.ut in their pockets, giving seventy . standard of value which the -promise to pay
orstfveuty-five dollars ou the hundred forthe Gf an hetfest, capable Government ought to
bonds of the blockaded Confederacy. Sea poSsess. The Virginia example is a worthy
now an eight per cent, bond, of long date or ! one. Why will not North Carolina follow it?
short date issued by the Confederate Govern- i Let Mecklenburg, Guilford, Warren, Gran-
r.iw11 hrcrin the srood work: Let
I liiV) (9
n fVw emxl leadios citizens put the ball in
motion Show the people their icteicsts and
durv Thev onW need to be informed.
Who will commence it ?. And let the Com
missioners follow the laudable example of
lis for twenty doll rs for one, of the piuch Virginia and retrace their steps, -.nd thus do
. i 4. t7. i . . . a un isr
and
the
1 1 ,1 1 1 i !.' J
therewith a one thousand dollar oonu, uic n,iui
wjs qi it rusted to oi.p of jur bet tisl.ting
had lien, no.fihdng since Friday, up to Sun- j ones, ai a secure, iu tue mo or ,. -am
. u ; n-anner. fcub qm-rtiy the er.ei;-y charged
day morning lslv.k hi-K ,vre i-pulsed.
The news of the eaptare of MemnhU by ouc skimnsbini?, which at time broke out
troops, reported ia cur telegraph column, is i :w. ivt.!y, cnt'iiued Until so vets o'clock,
highly iaitornt, if true; the confirmation of ( whtn it t,.iib-'ieu ,uu a riwnuionuus fuc.r.t
which is oxioasly lo.-.kfrl for. And the riots t'-rmg.
. . - I PAMA6K TO -THE RoAD.
in New Orleans in rjsistance to tae enforce- , .
, , . 4, . , n, f From the beat ir.formatiou we are enabled
ment ot Linoin s draft there, js out the pie- j . tftpn up lrom t,nt. .xrA ,
cursor of the revolts and riats that are sure to jit to two jmirsVf the " Weldon road, enm-
lbllow in the northern aod western poriionof ! njer.ciC a?t h Yellow Tvern and joioii g this
his domiaioDi. Sth- prem.uUions ia the ! T.ay. What thoy have dene or may-do beyoml
.... , i that poinr. it is iif.pc.siloto i?ajB Itisuared,
Northern news which wepubiish to-day. .f hft(J i;ot Uuched the trick tufre, op to
We have nothing late from the Valley. At : dark, taut thsy iiifiicttd luavy damage 1 tst
'the last ascuats our (oro had boen in lina of igM. We .hall probably lera to -day the
, .,... k, v,B . ! full extent of the injury mfltcted on th.B line of
uutiro. .-v - - j ur coinrivmicatiou
from manifesting disp isition to lasvce an at
tack; appeared to be withdrawing from our iuo
BKPOBTED BAin THBOrGK niNWlUOIB. ,
It is reported that while the cuemj's infan-
mediate front. There is no foundation for the j t fnsnred in oneratins aud fiihtirg on
- . . . s'J ' . f , - i ..... l
the Southern read, a itouy oi cavairy croiteu
over through Dinwiddie county, ou a raid tv
wards the Scuthside road. We could ;.ot as-
i certain possitively that this was the case, but
' 1 .1 Al.M.AnA x a ti m 4 k
0I5I11AKY.
Died, on the 2th'of duly, of typhoid l'trer, at
th; residence of Kldiidge Sruith, F.m., J. U.
ItOt'KKS, aged 20 y.-ars onl y child of John and
M. A. llogers. ,
Tlir flu-fcasfld was a meir.hr of Co. T. 3d N. (.
Tavalrv, ind was afgood and bravo boy perfect- I
ly r;s;.gij-d to the wilt of God. 1! ; sit school .
at Rockingham, whvn the warb.-gan. II? then.
left scht.o!, and told his 1 ;t t F . o i- it he did ual let
him go wild tight for his country, he could nver
die tit-Tied. He joined the arm v bat did not li sht
.vi-r two roars before Jet-U3 toek him to- hiniSv-lf.
lie leaves" manv frief.ds nd relatives to mourn the j
loss of one so highly esteemed.
"Dearest cou.-in thou liHSt bftn?,
And thv loss we deeply fool ;
f5ut 'tis (Jod th.it fcath bcrt'i us,
lie can all our sorrows heal."
I.t;?.OtK rf'UN I Y Col-KT.
Ill thtfiu:i-t.er of the probate of tho will of Hmr'y
A . Oioiuiheriiii :
.N this e?ise. it appealing to the Coe-t t!jit Mr
tin J. lhuf. nt i.ny other heirs at hw '-f ruid
M. A. Ohiimherliii. decease!t and next i kin, rre
non-rcsiJeiits ef the St.ite of North Carolina
puV.ieiition is ther. fore ordered f r tix mcccFfixe
wee'is. ia thu weekly ConlVdente, a new?p;iptr f iib
lisho.i in llal-ish, N. C. notify biz the h ir ntlnw
anlnc.t ".f kin, to sippesirat tlie Ciurr llousein
Tv'int(oi. j-a the 1st.Mor;d.iv io J.t'oir.ry next. Jir.
c uovlter t 5;iil pro-
hiiVi.', or
I
th
riiinorthita battle to jk place 6a tho 14th, iu
which thi eneruy was repulsed with coasidwra
ble loss.
)ate arji to make ohjectiioi?, if any they h
jtl-.erwise he b-und by snit vrecec.?ir.
backs - o that a little hickory broker will j justice to the government. VV hope the
Hack , .o tnat a on, ter of Secretary Trenholm will be read,
start ou fifteen hundred dollars, currency , and I .a duo ioipreMion 0B
buv
eight per cent., will txnd it to Loi dou and j
sell it for seven hundred dollars in gold ; will j
draw a bill of exchange oo this, and sell ,
that for two thonsand per cent., so that in
three months the little hickory, will be full of
leaves, to the amount of fourteen thousand dol
lars ; and by the same process, in a year it
will be a tree, rooting deep into the ground
1'
Mr. A. J. Parting of the Planter's Hotel,
and Mr. J. R. Williams, Jr., Southern Tel
egraph Compauy, have placed us under many
obligaritus for their kindness in furnishing u
the latest news from Petersburg.
The enemy have ben driven entirely away
I from the Weldon road, with lavy loss. Well
done
Wp TiuhHsh to-dav some important rumors ; it seems to be tue impresin mat sora uCu
. ,, , , . : movement hao been nut on foot by the enemy
from Sherman's rear, which though not con- movement j
. . . , - v. PBESEST POSITION OK THK ESEMT.
firmed yet by any omciai lDiurmausn, ,
J , . . , , Tk t The en em v still occupy the Southern road
ncTtu io u.u ! vith their btteri3 planted along the line as
that euch a movement a3 the one referred to j far $cyru &s the Yellow Tavers. Their lines
contemplated, au-1 taat . there is certain ly " a j extend on either side, but on the left reach
fire n the rea, " of Sherman's army. acres to the,Plank road. They were er.g.ged
nre . j yestetd iy afternoon in throwing up breastworks
Everything wears a most encouraging and " a3 H aiatter of protection against the rebels.
?Cr,-r-r,r nAci. for eur cause, in every direc- The battle will probably be renewed this raorn-
i.u. e,s.;n nf reveres. 1 ice unless the Yankees disappeared last night.
tion .-and the enemy's succession of reverses,
disaster and defeats must tend greatly U ac- :
celerate and increase the despondency, the -i
alarm and the demolization prevalent in Lin- j
coin's armies and his crushed subjects at
home.
The loss ef our.bra.ve and noble soldiery in
the repulse and slaughter they have- visited
' upon the vandal foe, wreatho tae cypress most
painfully with the lawrel that encircle their
deeds. Let us hope that our losses reported
Still Later.
The Fight on Friday.
From the Petersburg KxrTress.
HEAVY BATTLE ON THE WELPCN RAILROAD
THE ENEMY ATTACHED AND FORCED BACK
THRKE THOU8AS-D PRISONERS CAl'TURED
SEVERE LOSS INFLICTED CN THE ENEMY.
mm,;.. AP,.ni,!itinn nf nn of our main lines I
nf ccmniuuication with the South a, of
course not to be permitted without au effjrt
to Witness proceedings in
b
Witness: Hunter, Clerk of said n-urt. at of
fice in Kinstou, 1st Mumiay Juh . A. I. 1.-0 1.
N. IIUxMER, CUik.
8U2; ly-wfi-
" MElICAl77IUi:C i OU S OrTiClvl
Genkkai. IIosprTAL--, N. C. -
Raleigh, Aug. 17, IbCL J
Extract.) '
Sl'EI IAL ORHEUS, ' j
No. IU2. j
I. In comr liance with lh-3 r"0.uost or the Lorn- j
mandar.t of Conscripts in this State. Ilo-pital (
M dical Examining boards ars ordered not to ex- I
amine; any soUii-r .tor rccotnmvndation lr an j
extension of his furlough, without he- lit an or- j
Ar rr.,:i: tlie K. rolling othce:w as directed iu p:tr- ;
! atrrnhs II. and 111. General Orders No. 141, A.
and I. ti. O., 1S6J
o o
o
. P. K. HIXKS,
Surg. Med. Director.
Thy enemy were scattv! ed and pur?uji fouitoeu
miles. ,
Th.? enemy's iuf.trv e .k.i't of tin. 4lh CeWo
cd ltg!uiet.t, at S:a. k -s.
Cub McCormick Li in pursuit with .-..- '
diiional forces.
UiSht lotorclliis: rrtirfj iomphU and
Nnv Orlcaus.
M..!.:i.h. Aug Ul.
A --r ci-il diij-atrh to tin: Motile !trjitc,-, dtid
Seiiau hia, Aug. 21, srfys: -We attst-ktd M.mj hi
ct7 o'clock; tl.is u-urnivg. Heavy hiing
heard Jor three houis. uud it is uppt-d th- ii
has b-m captuicd, as tht Fidcral foicc i rrit
cd eaiill ;icd ur.suspectii g.
A Federal furce occupied Oxlord to-djy. 'I t--,
operator at Jackson report a great i-'t in
():Uan.. Four hufdred citixns killed. Thofi-.t
aros:? in couc.'eiice c! Cfcuhs kttfi.pt tu en
fjs-t-e tho draft. The utgto triu.pa hae u
called on to suppn ?s ihe riot, whiiU v.;- it ill too
greying. .
All ptiet in M-thil".
Frr.r.i rolt'i.-bnrfc.
! i;TI-.RRl!i;i;, Au. -JU, II A. M -J.t. i-n.
A. S'. Hill coinmaitdid our forces in thr hght y
t.-ioiy evuiing. Warrm was sli ei gtr.-jo d ly
the ninth corps. The neii w. ;e ui itrru l-oit
thr. c .luarteis of a n.i'e in io..t, aud Lek aM.ut.
two noles on the flank.
Twenty. two hundred pris jiut!-, ir.c'.u lirif iii"
ty cornraistjor.ed oihcft!, were capture I. ).
idlit eud'd thrf Egi't. which wa e;y coni.J.-;-ahl?
atl'air. It, ha not been ff-.-umod thu- l.ir to
day.
The rn?my still hdd por?V!t nl thi UMd ui
railroad. Our 1of;s are not vm v Iv.-tvy.
i-u. Clinemm wan woui! 'd. it'j. hi. r,. f
th-i 1 li'iy-tifth Virginia, kilkd. Io my's
ki l .-d and wi.andt-d "i.-.t l;coi tmri-l . Vm k
Geu. C'rawfoid, repoit.d by pn-wri kdl-d.
The umal sii tilhMy duel bi tw n midi.iht an t
d.iy this uo!-!!.g between the lin-.- in hout d tli
ci ty. Xoiasuabies reported.
I'rom AllHiita.
ATLANTA, Aug. 19. Heavy anility firing
occurred on our centre li.-t night. Th" iovv
battery in front efth city pc:.d a hoavytii.
exccedingany yet, with 42 pounders. A Sav.v.i -jhell
exploded in a hougj, kid.ng Capt. Jar..n t
the 14th Texas cavalry, aud wMiidii g .ot'.
at d children. No other dnot".
ci:lpatri'-k iotiftd of goir after Wheel i a
was mpponed, tumid ton aids trtf AlUr.ta
Wes i'oipt r ad. nhichLe ftiuek at l'aitbu;w
and cut the toad ard ttl;:far'v He Ls i-. us io
ih dirtctioK of the Maeou r-md, a:;d it . un es- d
tiunce t. Aadermivisl.-, for the purpt-e f
leasing th : p. iso-rrs. H.'s lorca a stim.itod ai
from 'i.CO'J to S'Ofi. It is tef.il.-d tl.t W!.. . :r
h-id bumed the btidjes at Klowtth, lt --ca, nv.-i
I) ilton. Di-vRomy ! - there uudouhtulU ot. uU
rx'ioui.
i ?k os o u r J.
vTH'l A. Au?. Ivi!rli ick' rai l, 'u-
...oa.llntr out with shale so dense that
iiuu cjiiin.....,, - ,
cot a ray of heat can permeate it. ' We are asked tor three lines of editorial to
Pop! here goes a question : What does all j gj ujy ;i column, and the demand is made
this mean? Why simply that the outside j upon Us just at the moment when we are full
world know the Confederacy better than her of ti)e sorious news from Petersburg. The
in the last fight around Petersburg have been j to djs.0dge the enemy. Accordingly, all ar-
I reatlr orer-estimated. . rangments having been complete, u en. a
I o J
own people,
and have more confidence in bet
ability, integrity aed determination.
Question second : Is this conduct of our
people, chivalry, conservatism ; or is it even
rationalism ? We wot not. It is unadulte
rated destructiveism, irrationalism, nonsense
folly!
MORAL.
Let all the people put more confidents
in their Government establish her enrren y
reduce prices to a fair and honest standat ,
and they will gain a victory without blood
shed, and put the nation in a road to prosper
ity fo: their own and their children's benefit.
demand is unreasonable, and we shall not
comply with it.
. Brig. Gen. J. G. Martin has taken com
mar.d of the DUtrict of Western North Car-j
lina."
J P. Hill, commanding -Mahone's atrL Ruth's
divisions, attacked them hetweeh the hours of
three ai.d four o'clock. Ger. Mahone com
oi
marded th troops to the ieit ot tne railroad,
He eives notice that a " full pardon j aii( Gen. Heth those to the right. The at-
Hyde county gave Vance 617 vvtcs for
Governor, and Holdeu not a single vote!
Mr. Mann received 256 votes for Senate, and
for the Commons Gibbs received 246 votet,
and Weston 203. Credle elected. Sheriff.
Montgomery county gave Vance 381 -and
llolden 245.
Stanly gave Vance 385, Holdea 333.
In a church is the epiupti : ' Here lies the
od v of James Rol iosou and Ruth, his wife ;
ud un lernath this text; " Their warefareis
ccomplisbcd ! "
will be granted to all deserters and absentees
who surrender themselves on or before the 10th
day of September next." hose who fail to
respond Utkis offer may expect the extreme !
penalty to be dealt out to them.
FBOM NCBTH CAROLINA.
' From the Newbern Times, August 0.
The ram Albemarle came down from Ply
mouth last Friday mernirg, at the mouth of
the Roanoke, driving the gunboat Ceres frem
her anchorage. The ram picked up the Ceres'
cable, and steamed back without firing a gun
13y means oi an "uiii.ugu uunauauo
leara that twnty-five persons were arrested
Kinston, on Thursday last, for voting for Y
Holden for Governor.
tatk'was opened ly -Mahone, and was speed- I
ily respond! toby Heth on the right, aud the j
battfe raged furiously. ,
On the right, Gen. Heth. wiih the gallant j
brigades of his divisions Davis', Walker's j
in the corn-field a short distance beyond Da
vi residence. Tisese were quickly forced
Viark tmon the first liue of breast-works, held
r ' t.l. . TT:il- l
bv a lormmaoie iorce
au 15 d3t-w2t
Titlic Tobacco.
TY icstiuntions Jroin lleadyuarterg. no tithe J
I inhi.M will he received liner tht 1st of Sci- 1
toniher next. The tithe tabacco in Wake to be
delivered to John W. Coshv, Kaleign.
JAS. V. WIIlTThD. Ar ent,
Wake and Oracge countiej.
ang 18-d3t-tw2t-wlt
Stanfiard copy two titurs.
Trinity College.
fliHK next session will commence on the 7lh of
1 September next. Tuition from eight to tea
dollars per month, t' frrfruwe. L'oard, oi5 hun
dred dollars per month, parable monthly, in ad
vance ; or, about eight dolUrs per month, it paid
in provisions at peace prices. Th-re are small
extra charges for washing and room rent. Stu
dents arerequefted to bring ali the text-books
they may be able to procure.
T . i . V im .1 1
july 29-wlOt
Preeident.
With a cheer the
C0HMHTKD
O TflE JAIL A WAKE COUNTY, ASA
X runaway, on 5th of May, s negro wo
man, who says her name ia SALLY Bit iANf
and that she was raised in .Jones coumy, dj-
. . A. A
over the obstructs, pressing me iuKtej ;8hi,n tfiender. colr.r black, two upper front
back with severe loss into their second line, , Uvt out and rather slow spoken. The owner
and charging onward forced them thence 1 f ?a nPro is rruueste I to com forward, prove
fWgiwith au equal lack of ceremony. Beaten; property, pay charges and take her away, or shs
ed at I from their works and defeated in every ef- will be dealt with as tho law directs
? W. I fort to retain them, the Yankees retreated to : "H, Sheriff.
their main line of entrenchments, into which
92-dltJbwtf
dof 2,Io met., cto. i the Cl.attli . !.: u l
C.-uipbcltt I. and ttiucl tbr loud at l a.tbu. a at
Vc'.aci on Friday n.ornin,:. and d"tro - ! t be
rtaJ fo:;tix mih-s. The raileti theti en J- d .rr
to thsMiloa road, sti ikir.g it wt !. en
F(iday evening, no.ving Uwrd Joc-tbor.'. -The
Feder-1 infantry prp-rtt V.i-h accompanied
Kilpatrick's cavalry to the W .-t I'ui.'.t road, re
turned, and the c-ralry proceeded al;t; th. t: ad
toward the Xiacoti rond. Ro.r brigade ki'te
ihen with their adraac, but was n-t hle t, i!.i
the tnemy in check. He raidcru tuin.o tha
Drpot ard Po t Ofiice at Joncihoro. d?troir.;
allpapwi.
On .'aturay evring the enemy w'rP s'frou d
ed between L'trtyr'a a id Jr.ncbn!o, lot liyfo.ld'
irfaatrv brig id, and Aruistrong a? K o
jirv. A fhaip engagem.T.t i:..u'-d, Kilpatii'k
charging at th? head of hi column.
Ih taide;. aftt-r biUg einidte! r.iu.'it.
charged Hoes' brfras ano cut their -y (.
Uurfo8, tn killed. Lnint's lo, twi.ti f.'e.
The r:-.icer btiiij pursued l-y tw ig
imeataotcavalrv, retreated through Sld'on- uh
and tbcapcd. Oalv a mile nf tke Mtn ro mn
deMrovd, which b betn repaired. The city ia
very quiet to-dav. No shelling S'tr
TLccnemv dcnv the charge ot th-oi; g the citv.
and claim that tftir hhot are U directed at our
defence?. A ,.
Gararev's divbion f Cava.ry t doaapercd
' from Decatur. Nothing from W heeler.
fPKCtAt. DtSl'-llCIl TO TUB O'SinKRilS.
GOLlSBOi;0 .lUg. 22. Col. ICeanedy iiti.n
dead. I have sceu ai d talked with Lim iu lii ld
boro'. w. .