MdW THE SUN DO MOVE?
A South Dakota genius with long
whiskers, who left the Republican
party, joined the Populist party and
returned to the Republicans, got on
the committee on resolutions at their
late state convention, and wrote the
platform. The convention adopted it
with a howl, and the chairman said it
was the true doctrine of Republican
ism as preached by Lincoln and Mc-
Kinley and Roosevelt. Then the gen
tleman with the long whiskers and the
Populistic career got up and solemn
ly proved to that convention, with the
aid of a scrapbook, that it had adopt
ed the Omaha platform of the late
People’s party. How “the sun do
move.” —Exchange.
The Price of Liberty.
(From Nebraska Looking Glass.)
Some one has said that “eternal
vigilance is the price of liberty,” and
while this is true it must not be for
gotten that there are many channels
that call for vigilant watchfulness.
We American people often seem to
act as though the old saying that “a
special Providence looks after the
drunkard and the American people”
thus putting us in a bad class, was
reason sufficient for neglect as well
as security for our liberties.
The recently discussed question as
to the authority of a state in any mat
ter affecting the whole country, as
brought to the front by the action of
the school board in San Francisco, re
garding the Japs, shows that there is
danger in that direction.
And the often discussed action of
the supreme court in its deciding upon
acts of the legislative department
.shows us another danger. The fear
of assumed power is always at hand.
Evidently our government is yet in
the experimental stage, and one safe
guard in the past has been the disposi
tion to put a strict construction upon
the constitution, but that is also in the
line of danger.
The one last resort in all lines of
danger must be on the clear headed
determination of the people to main
tain our liberties; for only so far as
the people are blinded can the nation
be led in paths of prejudice and parti
sanship, regardless of right.
Our Older Immigrants.
((From the Edgefield Advertiser.)
Immigration will not only increase
the supply of labor and build up the
waste places in the rural districts, but
■the right kind of immigration will re
cruit the ranks of South Carolina cit
izenship with men of character, force
and power—men who will be factors in
rightly administering the affairs of
state, as well as in the ordinary affairs
of life. But for the coming of a col
ony of sturdy, sterling Germans years
ago, South Carolina would not now
have Hon. M. F. Ansel for governor.
Capt F. W. Wagener of Charleston,
that tower of strength in the commerce
of the state, first saw the light in the
old country, and Mr. John McSween,
a member of the dispensary commis
sion and one of the most substantial
citizens of the Pee Dee section, is a
native of Scotland. Scores of other
men of like character could be men
tioned. Help along the immigration
movement whenever and wherever
possible.
A dispatch from Washington states
■that Senator Tillman has signed a
to lecture every night, ex
cept Sunday nights, from the adjourn
ment of congress until it meets again
:next December. The senator will be
heard in the south, in New England
and in the far west. It Is estimated
that he will receive a total of about
943,000 for these lectures.
OLD KINQ CORN.
There is to be held in Chicago next
fall “a corn show.” But it will be an
agricultural exhibition, not a chiropo
distical. Nine million acres in Illi
nois alone are given over to corn, and
the total value of the crop in the
whole country, in 1905, was $1,116,-
UUO,OOO. If one more bushel per acre
could be raised it would mean at cur
rent market price an addition of over
$44,000,000 to the wealth of the farm
ers. Corn is worth cultivating, in
more senses than one.
•4
Resurrected Prophecies.
(From the Lincoln Independent.)
General Manager Holdrege of the
Burlington says of the 2-cent fare now
proposed: “It will effectually stop all
railroad construction in the state. Os
course if the people would rather pay
a cent less per mile and not have any
more new districts developed that is
their business.”
Speaker Nettleton will remember
that General Passenger Agent Eustis
of the Burlington told the legislature
twenty-two years ago when it proposed
a 3-cent fare; “There is no step which
the people of the state could take
which will so much check all schemes
for further development here as an at
tempt by the legislature to regulate
the revenues of the railroads.”
n
Watson's Right Opinion.
(From the Marietta Courier.)
Tom Watson is certainly right in
what he says about President Roose
velt. The president deserves th© sup
port of every true southerner in his
fight for the right and against a
sweet bunch of south haters. Mr.
Roosevelt is proving himself to be a
man and we should stand by him. He
has made mistakes and we have con
demned him; now let’s hold up his
hands and encourage him in right
doing.
n
Treat the Negro Fairly.
(From the Fitzgerald Enterprise.)
Let it be understood once and for all
in every county, in every state in this
union, particularly in this southland
of ours, that even the suggestion of
social equality shall never be enter
tained; that the distinction which
God Almighty has established divid
ing the races shall not be violated,
but that as long as the negroes remain
in America they shall have fair trials
and an equal showing in the enforce
ment of the law.
n
Home Made School Books.
(From Limestone, Tex., Press.)
Charity begins at home. This ap
plies also to industries. The Texas leg
islature could advance on industry to
a great extent by passing a law to the
effect that all text books used in Tex
as schools must be printed in Texas.
Texas has as good printers, as goou
printing material and equipment as
any state in the union. They can pro
duce the finished book as cheaply as
can any other state and this industry
should be encouraged. We ask our leg
islators to think over this and then act.
It means many dollars and more peo
ple in the state. It is one way to aug
ment the 5,000,000 we want in 1910.
n
The Texas state senate discharged
the committee which was to investi
gate the charges against Sen
ator Bailey by a vote of
15 to 11 before the committee
had time to investigate or report.
The idea of sending the committee to
St. Louis to secure the testimony of
H. Clay Pierce, head of the Waters-
Pierce Co., was blocked by friends of
Bailey.
THE WEEKLY JEFFERSONIAN.
DR. W. M. PITTS’
ANTISEPTIC INVIGORATOR
The Greatest Family Medicine
Dr. W. M. Pitts, who, as the originator of Pitta’ Carmi native, ha*
been a benefactor to tired mothers and suffering babes, after a aae
ceasful practice of Fifty Ysars, now offers to the public his Greatest
Combination of Medicines In PITTS' ANTISEPTIC INVIGORATOR. It is
a great scientific medicine. Although new to the people, it Is a groat com
bination of health-giving medicines, and cares when all else falls. It puri
fies the blood, stimulates the action of the liver, bowels, and kidneys, there
by removing poisonous bacteria (or germ) matter from the whole system,
to aid nature in her work of restoring perfect health, ft tones up the
stomach and gives appetite. It is unfailing in the cure of all stomach,
bowel, and kidney troubles. Th© nervous system is restored to its norma!
condition, and many of the most serious ailments —such as sleepisMneM,
heart trouble and the like—yield to the healing virtues of th© Invigorates.
In fact, ft acts on every organ of the body, thereby curing nearly all the
different diseases of this age. Every drop of blood is affected and puri
fied by its use. The blood is the life, therefore if you get the blood pure,
all parts of the entire system will be brought under its powerful heel
ing influences. Antiseptic Invigorater is rightly named, and it is osm
of the greatest germ killers and invigorating tonics now on th© market.
For sale and GUARANTEED By all Druggists, Prise aad $1 fX
per bottle. If your Druggist don’t keep it and will not get it for ye* we
will send it, express prepaid, on receipt of priee,
Pitts’Antiseptic Invigorator Co.
Thomson, Georgia.
•••■o‘*-0-*"0-*-0-*-0-*-0 - *-0* , -0-*-0-*-0 - *-0* , -0‘*-0*«-0-*-0- <, -0-* , 0'*-0**-0-*-0 , *-0-*-0-*-0-*-0**-0 ,
j DAVISON & FARGO
* COTTON FACTORS I
6 Augusta, - - Georgia ?
[Largest and finest Warehouse in the city. Prompt and J
careful attention to all business. J
" 11 - ■ ■ ——M—fc,
IFI I~S F J Si FOR IO CTS.
300 cinds of Flower seeds and 5 packages Garden seeds— ?
Radish, Tomato, Cabbage, Lettuce and Onion—all for only 10c., with
our new 1907 Catalogue, full of good things for the Garden, Field and
Flower Garden. lowa Success Seed Corn, the best that lowa soil can
grow. Package free. Address to
F. C. Graves Seed Co.
Dept. Y• - - - Des Moineu, lowa
All letters to advertisers should be carefully
a
addressed. It is important to give the box, street
number or department in answering advertise
ments. Always state that you saw the advertise
ment in The Weekly Jeffersonian.
15