Wall Street forms, took away from the own
ers of Central Railroad stock the value of
their property and converted it to his own
use. Under commercial forms, he committed
as bold a robbery as Claude Duval ever at
tempted upon an English highway.
* * *
Juggling with the stocks and bonds of the
Central Railroad, Morgan ran the figures
which represented the capitalization from
$7,500,000 to $55,000,000. Forty-odd millions
of fraudulent capitalization was loaded on to
the property.
This fraudulent load now rests upon our
shoulders, and will pass on down to our chil
dren .
Did Finley, in his pleasing address to the
pleased Chamber of Commerce, mention this
record of Southern Railway Crime?
Did he say a word about righting that
wrong ?
Was there any hint of an intent to DIS
GORGE?
Oh, no! Let the Wall Street robbers keep
the loot, and let the people keep the burden,
and let us all be sweet and nice to one an
other.
Vive Finley! He’s a bird — he is!
WAS THE GOVERNMENT ESTABLISHED FOR
THIS?
(Continued from page 1.)
al Banks are now getting the Custom House
collections also.
Thus Uncle Sam taxes the millions of con
sumers, and turns over the proceeds to a few
pet bankers.
Your Internal Revenue taxes go to the Na
tional Banks.
Your Custom House taxes go to the Na
tional Banks.
HoPl 2,
• w/ I ml io
1 W ©
_ x /
f A
WETz> KIA WW^wi' wr*m
' B TP®
/ w-k
L
Shaking Down Your Uncle Sam!
On an average, the few favored National
bankers will henceforth get, every day in ev
ery year, more than one million dollars of the
money of the tax-payers.
Is it right?
Reader I No matter whether you are tag
ged and branded “Democrat” or “Republi
can,” I appeal to your sense of justice, and
ask *
IS THAT POLICY RIGHT?
Eighty millions of people are taxed more
than five hundred million dollars per year,
and the proceeds of the tax put into the pri
vate business of a few dozen National bank
ers :
Is it just?
THE WEEKLY JEFFERSONIAN.
State Sobereignty Ober Corporations.
By EARL POMFRET.
(Written for The Weekly Jeffersonian.)
The power to deal with the evils of corporate
management—those evils against which the people
so justly complain—such as over-capitalization by
‘‘watering stock,” as in the case of the Central
of Georgia railroad, belongs to the state, and not
to congress.
This fact has been recognized from the be
ginning of the government. In 1881, Hon. John
H. Reagan, then a member of congress from Texas,
reporting the measure to establish the Interstate
Commerce Commission and define its powers, said:
“When the committee have been asked to rem
edy other evils, such as the watering of stock as
a pretext of levying additional tribute upon the
people, we have had to meet the friends of such
propositions with the statement that we have no
power, however much we sympathize with them, to
take hold of these corporations and deal with them
as such, but our powers (in congress) are limited
alone to the regulation of commerce among the
states. ’’
Such matters he and the 46th Congress held
were admittedly within state jurisdiction and be
yond federal control.
As far back as 1811 our own William Henry
Crawford, in the United States Senate, declared
and upheld this intent of the framers of the con
stitution that corporations should always bo sub
ject to all the reserved powers of control by the
states, and this doctrine ho doubtless impressed
upon President Monroe while Crawford was his
Secretary of the Treasury, for Monroe in his mes
sage to Congress May 4. 1822. said:
“Commerce between independent powers or com
munities is universally regulated by duties and
imposts. It was so regulated by the States before
the adoption of this Constitution, equally in re
spect to each other and to foreign powers. The
goods and vessels employed in the trade are the
only subjects of regulation. IT CAN ACT ON
NONE OTHER.”
The best authorities all hold that transportation
within state lines is conducted solely under state
laws and corporations seeking to do such business
must conform to the laws of the states in which
they operate.
And all transportation companies operate under
state charters and by state consent. Their rights
are not common law rights, but licenses by stat
ute.
The Supreme Court of the United States has
affirmed the doctrine that “a license from the
United States and a license from a State can not
both be necessary to do the same thing.” (1
Black. U. S., 603.) Hence, a federal license
operate a railroad is not necessary—in fact, can
not be obtained from congress—when the road is
to operate in any state of the Union.
Chief Justice Marshall, broad constructionist as
BACK NUMBERS SUPPLIED.
If for anv reason the subscribers to THE
JEFFERSONIAN failed to receive every
number issued after subscribing, we will take
pleasure in supply in er the missing numbers.
We have on hand extra copies of each issue,
and will mail them to any address upon ap
plication.
This embraces the monthly as well as THE
WEEKLY.
* r
“SUPERIOR LITERARY MERIT.’’
(Perry. Ga.. Journal.)
Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine is taking prom
inent position as a periodical of superior literary
merit. The scope of its contents is wide, and up
to-date in character and interest.
•e n w
WATSON KNOWS HOW.
(S'tarksville, Miss., News.)
Elsewhere in this issue we copy what Tom Wat
son says about Governor Vardaman in his Weekly
Jeffersonian published at Atlanta, Ga. Certain-
he was, laid down the dictum that “all transpor
tation, when considered as a business in itself and
in relation to the carrier, except foreign commerce
and the coasting trade, is within state control and
beyond federal jurisdiction.” (5 Columbian Law
Review, 77.)
It seems clear enough that the railroads now
doing business in Georgia, or in any state, are but
licensees, whose properties and their operation as
they affect the powers of the state and the inalien
able rights of her citizens are subject exclusively
to her jurisdiction, regulation and control.
For that principle—“that transportation fran
chises are always the property of the sovereignty
that creates and lends them” —General Robert
Toombs and his followers fought in the Georgia
Constitutional Convention of 1577. Will', words
that blazed like lightning and arguments that fell
with the force of trip-hammers, he dictated and
forged that sovereign right of the people into the
constitution of the State of Georgia. The power
belongs to the people and the General Assembly
was commanded Io use it—and, as lately in Ala
bama—the General Assembly next June should
use it and not leave the dictation of our future
protective statutes to the discretion of the Rail
road Commission.- Let the legislature make the
laws —the Commission will have plenty to do in
enforcing them.
The control of the Georgia Railroad by a lease
to the Louisville and Nashville, which itself is con
trolled by the Atlantic Coast Line, is in direct vio
lation of the constitution of the state of Georgia.
The state has the right and the power to declare
the lease null and void, and to forfeit the charter
of the Georgia Railroad and Banking Company for
the misuse of its charter granted by this state.
Tn like manner the purchase of the Central Rail
way and Banking Company by the Southern Rail
way Company is a violation, plain and palpable, of
the constitution and laws of Georgia. That t sale
can also be set aside by legislative action and the
courts of the United States are estopped from de
nying that state right.
The time has come to right the wrongs that the
railway buccaneers, led by the modern Morgan,
have perpetrated scornfully and flagrantly against
the sovereigntv of the state and the rights of her
people.
It is no question now of leniency and mercy:
it is the time of judgment and justice.
T rejoice in the valiant and sturdy blows that
Mr. Watson is striking upon these great wrongs
and the criminals who perpetrated them. Let him
also strike the cowardly officials who have permit
ted and condoned them. And let him blow the bu
gle blast in the capitol of Georgia that will hearten
the General Assembly to bravely right these
wrongs before the ides of September arrive!
Atlanta. March, 1907.
ly Tom Watson knows a thing or two, and how to
write them down.
* it *
“MAKE INTERESTING READING.’’
(Clifton, Tenn., Mirror.)
Mr. Watson is the liveliest political writer in
America and his publications certainly make inter
esting reading.
» *, M
“GOOD FOR EVERY CITIZEN.’’
(Columbiana, Ala., Advocate.)
Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine for March is
•nt and contains a lot of good reading matter, otic.,
and should bo read by every citizen in the coun
try.
r. H H
“THE MONTHLY OF TODAY.”
(Gainesville, Fla., Elevator.)
The Jeffersonian, Hon. Thomas E. Watson’s new
magazine, published in Atlanta, is the monthly of
today. With Mr. Watson’s Irainy editorials, and
Nye as cartoonist, it is alive from first to last
page.
9