ill,- i 4 : Ji , ) ;i K H
WKHNESDAY, FKIIBUAUY 22. 185.
TheD::'y of the Hour.
A :'ew, grave, and momentous 'u'yj ts now
enjoined upon the people of the Confederacy.
Oar tnt':ii?s, not for the first time authorita
tively, hftVe laid d own their purposes and de
termination, and dcclnrcd the fate, in store for
this nation. 13ut th y nave done this now
more dhtiactly, more emphatically, and nore
unequivocally. Brought face to face with
three of the most emir.ent m-.nt:.n the land
whr wr2 seeking to open with them negotia
tion? f.r peuc, who were"aiki;ig eicn fjr a
m .irteniary truce, in ortler to discuss peace
proportions they said.
We will n -t recognize your government for
moment ; wc will not treat with your States for
a moment ; we will not suspend hostilities for
a moment.
Wc will not discuss propositions of peace for
a nroment ; un!e-s y-ur army lays (Wwn iH
arms ; unless your government is abrogate I ;
unless yur peopl t-ubniit to the laws and
c jDstiti m of the United Slate:?, and thereby
tike the conSc;ioa of your property; the i
abolition of slavery ; aud the pains aud penal
ties which are your personal liabilities
The conditions being thus explicitly an
nounced, cur Commibbicuers have .returuel;
have mad their report ; aud the truthfulness
of this account taiidd upon tbe credit fcr ve
rcity, in which Messrs. Stepheus, Hunter and
Campbell are held. We are then brought face
to face square up to the issue of Jiyht or sub
mit. There are but thc:-e two outleta from the
tenement iu which we all cow lodge, the
front door leading to the side of the coun
try, honor ar.d p itriotim ; the other the
hack leading to apofctacy, submission, and
ruin.
It is manifestly the duty of every man, in the
xij -.ist open and eublic mauntr, ta take the one
tide and not the ether. If he me.n to uphold
the came, to stand by the country, and assist
the strujle. it is Lis duty to ssy so.
If not, lot l im come outlike a in in, and
cr:i the charter of beings bold enemy,
rather than be a sneak. Heretofore, many
nen have thought they ruld steer a mid
die course, a:ui by the exercise of some
rv.litlcfl rights, cither as; individual?, or as
components of Statis. put tl enr-bffve-s it to
omc relation w;th the d emy's Government,
by mums of which, p'-uce might be brought
about. The dc'uioti i dispelled. No
H roMiid left fnr r.ny t-uch surmise. No man
wilt bei'u vc either in the sine-ri'y r truth
id l.ir.o, who ur.dertnla-s to talk low a' -out re-cor.stituri.-n.
r negotiation", by Stat- a. There
is tut oMe j:u-?t!n which can now address
its. If to the mil d of any m m, and that is,
are you prepaie i to submit to the Yankee-authority,
take the Yankee oaih of allegiance,
and abide the Yankee hi tea ar.d constitution.
It i- this i r fiht this or carry o-i tbe war,
until honorable term- ar wrung from our
diemies.
Thcie i ar.ther duty. II vr ?ar nre those
v.Lou tci.rf Ui stand by trio country, to be im
j ded and l.inde-rd by opposition , now
thr-it the isMit is ma'Ic, thus broadly. Oa this,
v.e do rot at present moan to express anepiu
iou. There are s .mo gf ru ral remarks, how
ver, which ateju-t ard appropriate- There
ii i.o dnubt thrit fr:e bad n an, especially, if
he have tMr"l cf the rocsTiS to spread his
opii.l't-a and s ntinicuts, can do n.oro harm
tui. H'.uisy yood oiu-.s c--va j'o.ssibly couiitcr-
The w;:r bears naught but hardship, sacri
fice, daiiger ai.d sutlerii. a':l these he car.
ayravate, ai.d iijcrc;isr and exaggerate.
The war taguevibiLI-j reverses. These
be cn dej ici iu -the. fj omist colors. The
.sneeze's e t au fco readily depreciate. lie
can givo information to the enemy ; can cause
de.-riti.n trom the army ; can weaken the
coi fidtr.ee oi the people, and obstruct thc1
p nns of the Govrrnrrscnt.
His ;ippe&I are to the ignorant and poor;
or - selfish and inivrested ; and the armor
frr m which uc draws his weapons, are the
pasii u s and prejudice.; of men.
Sutli a man, embarking with the fixed pur
pose to thwart, hinder and prevent the fuctesB
of the war, (.-.n do vat injury. He is an ene
my r o: to le d'.spixd. What course should
be adopted against M;ch a !oe must be deter
mined by th consideration of the stake for
wl.kh wc r!e'h: lilerty aud life; ai'd by the
aruoui.t e;f hiuderai.cd he can offer to ctir at
tai.ui:ent of tbis gtake.
All thct-e thi; ow are matters fcr the
serious, catmu, deliberate and resolute consid-
rati:u cf cur people. Totliirg i-hould deter
thetn fn m full ai d mutual conference
upou these u:aitcis, :nl lrom a manly and
ptri t:c decisior . If the guvrnm nt.and
people mean to bring the war to a successful
huc if they lupv- to do this they must
strip the tight. They mut cease to cen
du.t a languid war. They must triug no
j; ore the practices of pe:ice into the conduct
of the war.. They mnJ wage tbe strife as
other nations Jo always, v. hen invaded, exact
ing universal allegiance fr m all within their
borders; end ulhnviny io opposition, let or
hindrance.
For ore, we desire, seek, entreat, that no
voice, no pen, no hand, w ill interpose to dis
tract or divide. To efiect this, we will make
uiy sacrifice. But, to be frank and true we
further s:iy, when this proves impossible, then
we are prepared to controut as foes, those who
will not be our allied in the common cau.-e.
All newspapers iu the Col fide rate Siatrg
are requested to copy six times General Or
ders No. 2 and 3, from headquarters armies
of the Confederate States, dated February 11,
liS,, to be found in this day s ''Confederate"
liiils sent (with a copy of paper) to the Rich
mond Enquirer office will be paid.
.'
We have several communications on hard.
They will appear as soon as we can make
ivX'Lu fur thecj.
j Vc inj a eot.versti ii. i hi.- moruii-g, w th -
bu-g-ou who w-nt ou with our f.ris uei8 cap
tured at Fort F'-shcr, and to Lim we ae in
debted for the list of wounded, wh:ch we pub-
lish. ..
We made enquiry r hbii as to the action of
Capt. Braddy's Company ; and we are gratified
to be able to Fay, that the statements hereto
fore extensively circulated, and by us publish
ed, are altogether inaccurate. Oapt. Braddy's
Company was not in charge of the sally port :
but was stationed oa the right, near the angle,
and towards the sea. Capt. Adams command
ed at the snlly port witk ft battery. The ene
my did not first obtain entrance by the sally
p .rt, but to the left of it. Lastly, this gentle
man hays he kuos that a portion of Braddy's
Company fought dcerately ; among others,
he earned especially Lt. Charles Wilh.tms.
We mfike the correction fVr Capt. Braddy
with grcjt pleasure; ard should not have pub
lished the statement, lut it had obtained a
general circulation, and the best mode to se
cure justice was to concentrate the publicity of
the charge. The present statement is from
an eye witness.
Four Hundred Mlilliou Deficit.
The deficit of for hundred rn l ious of dollars
in the Tre-asmy estimat e, and now needing
to be immediately supplied, has created con
siderable surprise. How has it happened that
so l.yge a sum was overlooked ? is genaraily
enquired.
Ii;fiim a'.ioi s are broadly made that l rgc
f-ums have been stolen. It is inexplicable to
u ; unless that manj purchasing rgents of
the goverL.me.it, Con.misiaries, Quartermas
ters, Impressing agents, &c, h d made pur
chases which they failed to return to Mr;
Memrrurjger in time for his report ; and these
li tbililies of the government have come in
fhicc, making this increase in the public debt.
If this be so, it is a natuial occurrence.
We note with pride aud satisfaction, tie
large and enthusiastic war meeting which
was held in FayetteMlle, on Thursday last,
and the patriotic resolutions which were
parsed. Fayettcille was entitled to speak
among the first. She is intimately associate 1
v ith the first glory of the war. It was her
sons who met Tiutler at Great Bethel, and
contributed to produce in his human bosom
the emotions of satisfaction, which have just
come to light, that Great Bethel was not Ma-
rnafs.is, or the VVildern-ss or Cold Harbor, or
other places where lives were sacrificed.
Fayetteville, too, has done as much as any
town of proportionate means in the Confeder
acy, m men acd money ; and done it quietly,
unostentatiously; but liberally, self sacriricing
ly and patrioticai'y. And her sons, in the
bloodiest dangers, have faithfully represented
the courage, the dignity and the trin patri
otism of that excellent community. But,
Faytttevillc mit, by this time, know that a
war-meeting and rebolutbijs are but the feath
ers of the fovf 1 a small part of the game.
They are good and useful in themselves; but,
in the great necessities, the' arc scarce any
thing. We must not only pledge life, pro
perty, and sacred hot r, to our friends; but
we must hurle defiance, bate and vengeance
at our f -eg. Fayettevilie does that this we
doubt not .but her representatives do not
always do this. It U time for them to begin.
When in the last sesskn of the Legislature
Mr. Sauuel F. Phillips begun to assail the
Government, we saw through Irs movement
and we are no more convinced of his Yaukee
proclivities now, stnee he has made a submis
sion speech at Chapel Hill, to the disgust of the
good citizens of that place, tha we were whon
he opened on tbe GovprEnient in the last Legis
ture. We the tight, then, that he ouht to be
exposed,' and we exposeel him; not as bad,
it is true, cs he afterwards expos el himself,
when he undertook to show hew ho concocted
a scheme by which he might fill several places
of trust at the same time, receive the profits
and evade the service, and yet how, for one
month, he ough' to have teen at the disposal
ef the Bureau of Conscription.
After all this, Mr. Shepherd and Mr. Wright
nndertook to whitewash Mr. Phillips. Mr.
Shepherd, in that style whbh. is called
didcissixia, ; aud Mr. Wright, in a more
broadfooted and practical way. They coulJ'ut
heap too much em hiia.
' Now, our opir ion is, that if any one of the
Bumerous ladies, who attended the war-meeting
in FayetteTjlle, bad beeu representing her
in the Legislature, she would have had better
judgement and better patriotism, than to have
fallm into the homage of Mr. Peiilips, as
Messrs Shepherd and Wright did
We must learn to hate Yankee enemies, and
opoote them a wall these who live among;u3
as those in Boston.
Affairs in South Carolina. For the
last day or tve, rumors have been rife her of
disagreeable news from S uth Carolina, but
in the absence of anything reliable, we refused
to publish them.
. We believe there is now no eloubt of the
fact of the occupation of Columbia, by Sher
man's forces. It is t-aid a severs battle
was fought on Friday in the neighborhood
of the city, but our forces were forced to re
treat, leaving the city iu the enemy's bands.
The Charlotte Bulletin of Saturday morning,
docs not contain a word in relation to the
matter ; and we have been unable to obtain
any particulars.
..
Tbe Assistant Secretary of War has teles
graphed to Lieut. Gen'l Holtue3 that a general
excharge has been agrct-U upon ; nd all the
Yankee prisoners will be eleiivered in fiiteeh
days. We notice gangs passing through this
place d-ily. When they e-o, we hope there
will not be one left. Now is a gotfd ime for
any ono so disposed to " fall into line."
.
Jdany of the Hck and wounded from the
Columbia hospitals have been transferred to
the Hospitals of this place.
lis! of Sisk unit WssEdfd
Of the G-iriigioc of vtt Fu-hvr, bgw ia tbe
encif y's hatcls.
iJED BATTAtluN.
Co C W "TLowe, stunned ; A Coble, f.mpn
tation right aria; G W Edwards, wourded ia
Toot ;J W Farmer, right foot ; J J Peel, tett leg,
serious ; J II White, right foct ; W G IngTam,
left thigh ; C J Jenkins, amputated light arm.
13th Battaljoj.
Co D J W, Morgan right thigh, John Davis
bronchitis, E N Jym.-r fiaciurtd cranium,
Walter Bruce amputation right arm, idied
January 20,) Jas Jackson, koee.
1st Battalion..
Co D J D Baker leg", (died Feb. 5 A Blow
stunned, U McQueen thigh, K B McKimmon
right bhoulder, M D McNeal left thigh, JD
Kenedy right foot, MTJ McMillan,- (died of
pneumonia, January 27) K A Evans leg, (died
January 26) Ii A Johnson thigh, E D McMil
lan leg.
Co C Daniel Hare left arm amputated.
'"IOthN. C.Bbot.
L W Menus, Co K flesh wound io side, W T
Mutphy, Co K thigh and penis.
J KCohmao, City Battalion, typhoid fever,
A Tyson, Co B, fieh wound.
36tH NOBTII CAROLINA REGIMENT.
Compay B-D R Perry left erm amputa-M
ted'(died July 19); E J Naoce left foot, D
JNIcN- rtun amputation of both legs, (died
Jan lb).
Co C N Stevetsoii left knee severe, D
Mathews amputated right hand, J W AaUy
f aeiured lower jaw J M Locke-man amputa
ted right fore arm, W Serraner right lejj, J
A Ross ffi crure of upper jaw,. W Scssames
foot ai.d leg, h G Sinirh l dt arm amputated,
C T Jenkins rirht arm amputated.
Co D A i Wnteler left ancle, J H Fish
er cuncuss'on of brain, D Hi ley concursioq of
brain J II Fisher Iructu-e of cranium, John
liiley head. John D lie In r- i .
C. E J B McLean thijrh, (died JaD. 20) ;
R Hyland lelt lunjr, A ' Strickland left leg,
MeseB Tyson arm.
Co. F V II Kandolph arm slight, E Par
tin thigh (died Feb. 7) ; John Weaver bowels,
(riied Jan. 28) ; R Lane head, A Howri-ton
a m, B "Pope thigh, W C Hardy thih, (died
J in. 28) ; F M Hap h rt ear off , J T Ethridgc
ara,.Tnos Locke arm severe, J Maiks head
severe, G f Mathews bwels (di d Jan. 19);
B Throuer head, ( lied Jan. 20) : Jas Mibear
( lied Jan. 21) ;
Co. D Bryant rVft srm amputated, J M
Minlz 8houleIer, Q P Johton stunned, T V
Waho:i left leg, R Cook wrist and thigh,
W:.sh Biggs thigh.
Co W C Sotton thigh,. Jas Whitted
l ;fi thigh, T A Peterson it tt fhontuer (died
Jan. 29) ;
Co. K H Hickman right arm amputated,
Lt. J S Wasrot 1 ft hip, J S Milii!iin head,
J O Evans, Diarrh.-ea, T W Wi!iams, Catarrh,
L J M' Lean measles S W Lewis w ounded
in right breast.
40th N. C. Rkqiment.
Co. C N J Simmons, left arm.
Co. I) J T Bradley arm and . jaw, (died
Jan 30:V Cu'iimrngs tiiigh, D Page right
sidvi, M l Beaton head, (died Jan, 19 )
Co. E N Jackson, right thigh.
Co. F J W Brown fracture left thigh, K
Chtirch fracture left thigh, F A Shotweil left
ride, W L Barnes neek."
G L Korntgiy left thigh, W.F Mor
ton back, (died Jan. 26;) Mathewson
back, Captain Bue ham back, Sergeant S II
VVi!lian.s,(died Jan. 28;) CD Brooks, (died
Feb 5 ;) W T Qirnn left thigh. II Harris side;
J F Martin rignt knee.
Co. H N It Woody, (d'ed Feb. 7.)
Co. K B Harrison elbow, severe " D Allen
amputation of lelt leg, D O Powers -amputation
of lett leg, J C Smith left foot, G R
Thorn p..n right hand, G W Ballentine right
leg, J II AL.Lnx.ei thigh, S B Ciark left leg, J
D Wilson arm, W O KirroIJ Teg, (died Jan.
21st S. C. Rkgiment.
Lt. and Adjt., K R W Mclver arm am
p ita-ed, private J.O Brown Co C stunned,
S W Williamson Co F left hhoulderdied
Jan 28J. A E Gibson Co F, left hip, Sergt t?
J C dtmaii, Co F, left elbow severe, Lt WD
Cook Co F, left leg amputated, Sergt E M
Wells, Co G, side slight, J B Quick Co F
fn cture of forearms W F Adams Co F, arm
slight, W J Windham & K, fracture of ku!l,
left eye out.
26th S. C. Regiment.
Private J W Graysn. Co. C, composed
fracture of left uee ; L Bough, Co II, ami u
ttion of right arm ; J B Johnson, Co C,
through bowels, (ilied Jan. 23;) Jas Kirby, Co
I), shoulder, slight ; Thos Davis, -Co F, right
knee, slight; J D Son. Ci II, fiacture clavi
cal ; J B Johnson, Co E, bowels, severe.
Mabine Corps.
W-P Moore, shock ; R O'Kaafe, left arm,
slight; Aaron Furlow, left leg amputated;
Wm Quiim, amputation of leg, (died Jan 22;)
Thus'P Gibson, left thigh, (died Jan. 17;)
M iBow, bowels, (died Jan 17;) A F Deao,
co&cnssion of train,
For the Confederate.
List of Casualties
Occuring in Lewis' Brigade; Peyrarri's Divis
ion, in. the laltle of Hatchers Bnn, Feb. 6,
18C5; .
HXTII Nf'BTH CAROLINA REGIMENT.
Priva'e Albert; Davis, Co. B, right side,
(since dead) ; John L Chapman, Co E, scalp ;
W H Houston, Co E, right leg'; F A Hatch,
Co." F, right arm; R D Stone, Co. I, right
breast, fiesh wound.
TWENTY FIRST NORTH CAROLINA REGIMENT.
Private Ephriara Bailey, Co A, left hand ;
Capt B?rd Snow Co. C, stomach, (sir ce dead);
Ja;eb Rumly, Co. F, face ; Wm Bennett, Co.
F, left breast : Sergeant Moses Lawtou, Co.
F. Foot amputated ; Wm Lukey, Co. G, killed;
K D Whitaker, Co H, leit side; Sergt R W
Briukiey, Co. C ,right arm ; C II Boyles. Co.
I, right arm and lung, (mortal); D P Elling
ten, Co L, right thigh ; Hiram Thacer, Co L,
right arm ; C F Cox Co L. right thigh; Lieut
Sam. Stewart, C. M, left hip.
FIFTY-FOURTH N KTII CAROLINA REGIMENT.
Serjeant Joe Couley, Co B, left side ; J F
Woodey, Co D, let; hand; W G Hamilton,
Co. E, right leg; Lemuel Clapp, Co F, face;
Sergt T D Hampton, Co H, left arm.
FIFTY'SEVEUTH NORTH CAROLINA REGIMENT.
Sergeant J M CowaD, G C, lower jaw
fractured ; W C E.Ulleman, Co C, right leg;
Jacob Cabtor, Co C right leg ; Ed Earmhardt,
Co C, left foot ; Lt A B Garrcll, Co D. right
arm; J P Shoemaker, Co F thigh ; Wesley
Isley, CoH, right leg amputated.
Total. Knled 3 ; wounded, 27 ; total 30.
- W.T.SUTTON,
Sr. Brig. Surgeon.
Thb Yankf.e Lose near Petessbubg. A
despatch from tbe Army of the Potomac,, of
the 8th, ackuow iff gee the less o! loW, more
or lets, on tbe part nf the Yankees iu the late
movement of Grant s army.
Fw: ;he Oii;rea- ate.
. Public jSeff ling in thapel liiii.
A iJiibl?f .vetii g ,i as hrld in ' the village
i. Chnpei J?'D, u-' F.M-y r v- ning, il.e 10th
ef iVvr.aryj jBt5. J aes atMon, E q . was
called to the chmr. and H U. Hprmll, E q.,
requested to act ds K-ctetary. On motion, a
Committee was appointed, cennstiog of A.
Mickle, Dr. Malleit, Dr. J. B. Jaea, John
Watsen and Rev. Mr. Wilson, to report reso
lutions for the action of tke meiing. Tb
committee retired, a'-d on returning, presented
through A. ilicklr, Caairriian, tho foilowiug
resaltitfons, viz :
WnEniAS, Kecenl erects have made it clear
that the general desire for peace cannot be
gratified, except npnc terms that are both
ruinous and dishonorable ; Therefore,
Renohed, That lor the sake of our country,
and invoking the htJp of Almighty God, we
hereby call upon all men to lay aside former
differenc s a: d uni'e in a mauiy vff.rt for the
Common defence. .
-9 Rcsclced, That in this crisis it is the doty
of ev ry c: izen to contribute all in his power
to strengthen and swain tho came of the
Confederate States, especially by aiding aud
encouraging our soldieis in "the field, and by
making makiug pro isiuu for the support of
their families at home.
Resdced, That the thanks of the country
ar ducLVLc" ttJd,icrs orX heroic gallantry
7 " 5 7 . Je,slca tne
for the determination they now ex ore ss. not
to falter till independence is secured.
B-solved, That I elieviug our cause just, we
pledge ourselves to do and suffer everything
which may be necessary, or Useful iu maia
taing and defending it."
Judge Person was requested Io address
the meeting, which he proceeded t do. Near
the close of his remarks, Sam!. F. Phillips,
E qr., came in, and was called ou to address
the meeting.
tie siid that he had not been advistd that
a meeting was proposeel t hi held ; ex
pressed some opposition to the preamble to
the resolutions, and suggested that mere time
be given.
A motion was made that the resolutions be
adopted ar.d published pending which, the
meeting a-Jj turned until to-morrow evening at
3 o'clock.
Saturday Evening, 3 o'clock.
The Chairman called the meeting to order.
Mr. Phillips addressed the meeting at some
length, chiefly in opposition to th? preamble to
the resolution., and proposed to amend by
striking out the preamble, and inser ting the
toiiswiLg preamble and resolution, viz:
We eke as, Recent events renders it probable
that the maintenance of slavery is no longer a
serious question in the present contest; and
whereas, these events, offer to us as a new
phase in the war, the solemn alternative of
reconstruction, or arming the negro, which
prop' sitions demand great consideration by
.North Carolina, iu sovereign assembly : there
fore.
Resolved , That a Convention of the people
cf North Carolina ought to be held at the
earliest opportunity.
Judge Person addressed the meeting.
A division of the question ws cailed for,
and the question was on striking oat the pre
amble. Pending thi question, the Hon. D.
L. bwp.in, presented the meeting the following l
resolution as expressing hi opinion. ,
hcsolved That we supp'so no villsge in
North Carolina has, in proportion to its rj- I
sources and population, contributed more
'arc civ in blood and treasure, to the mam-
tainahce of the gigantic war iu which, during
four years, we have been struggling to pre-.
serve our ccnstitutii'iial rights ; that in the
future a3 in the past, in humble but hopeful
reliance on the blessing ot Almighty God, we
will relax no effort to eliive back Jhe invader,
maintain our liberty and secure an honorable
and permanent adjustment of our difficulties
with the Uni'ed State?.
The- ree.lution was received with expres
sions of applause and gratificati. n by the
meeting. ,- '
The question now recuired on striking out
the preamble to the resolution. The chair
man, oh a count, reported that 62 voted fur
striking out, and 81 against it. The cunt
wat objected to, as the chairman had counted
the boj s. He was urged to have a recoHnt
and exclude ail under 21 years old. He
8'id that excluding those he had counted un
der 21 years of age, would not. change the
result; that he counted none whofc were not
suhj 'Ct te coiiscti prion, and he cor teuded that
in a rneering cf this kind, those who were to
compose the army had a right to vote, and he
dtciekd tne vote to be against striking out,
whereupoo a p-rtion ot the meeting wuhdr- w.
Goven or Swain moved io a'me.id the pro-
amr le no a-s to make it read, " Whereas, recent
ev uts have made it clear that the general
desire feir peace cannot be gratified, except upon
trims to at tho Confederate States are not pre
pared to except' which - a'uendment was
adopted ; whereupon, the preamble, as ameun
ed, and the resolutions we r adopted.
, JONES WATSON.
Chairman.
II. G. SPRtJiLL, Secretary.
jS'egres Arming. We clip the following
from tbe Richmond Examiner, ot the 15ih.
The bill to put a number ot negroes in ths
the military fervice to be used in such en
ployments as the Commander-in-Chief may
determime, will be taken up in the House of
R-prei entatives this morning.-
S me local ictercst has beennanifested in
this measure since it was known yestsrday
that quite a military lever had broken out
amongthe negroes employed at the various
he-spitals here, and that they ar already or
ganizing volunteer companies to take the fie'd
againft the Yankee. Several hundred ot them
have professed an anxiety to volunteer ; and
at one of the hospitals, yesterday, fifty-two
cut of seventy-four negroes employed there
agreed to en list " for tho war,''; and organized
themselves into a military company ii view of
legislation now pending. ,
Important Notice. Holders of. Confede
rate State securities "are informed that Dr. J.
G. M. Ramsey, heretofore Confederate States
Depository at Knoxville Teas., but now of
Charlotte, H . C , has been aythorixed by the
Secretary of the treasury to t ike up the cou
pons on Eight and Seven per cent. Bonds, and
also to pay the interest, schedules on the 7,30
Notes. Printed forms for the schedules will be
furnished to parties applying at the Bank of
Cuarlottee where the Depository can be found.
This arrangement will prove a great public
convenience to this section of country. Char.
Democrat.
Runaway Negro Killed. A runaway
neo-ro ot Mr..R. Buchanan, who has been
de-dgibg about the lower part of this county
for r.rar a year past, and who had been out
lawed. was killed oae night lat week, on tbe
premises of Mr. A. A. MeRc The negro
was discovered in oue of Mr. McRae's out
houses, started to make off, was commanded
to stop, but nvt doing was fired upjn with
- - m III 1 T
the result naentunod above. waaesooro
Argus.
- For the Couf.d.rate.
fnbiic Mccling ia Chatham..
On1 burs lay. the 14;h, being Cou-t week,
a very hirge rue. ling ot the pet pi t of Ciitham
c-mi ty was oran zed by tue a poiDtmeut o
r;-t.-'N. Gremr is Chairtiun, and I. N.
G'eas Secretary j wlcreurxn, motion,
the Miowiog Committee on rescdutions was
appointed to wit : Messrs John U. Iamrhton(
Jvhn W. Womble, L. W. O.rrll, Thos. L.
Winalowand A. H. Merrit, who reported
through tljeir Chairman, J. -H. Hanghtuu
F. q.the following:
Where .18, in the rerc.it m-etin of our
Commisumers, andAbi-iham Lieolu, Prrsi,
dent of the io ca'.lod U if.nl htab s, ii wxs
then aoneunced by bim, the o y coriiujn of
peace his Government would asei.t t , was
the uncotidilicuAl submission of iho people of
the Confederate Sta?s to the C uistitution
and laws . f the s j called fjiditd J Wes ; .inj
whereas, sid C Ls'itntion is n't now bat
etiiblishtd by our fathers; whesew, ajH .ng
the hws we arecallcl apon to suuuiit to, are
those thatdanouncrs as rebels and traitors all
who nave, in any manner, contributed to our
tfrusgle; and which abolifh tdavery, thvreby
depr viug us of "that species of property
' guiranteei to us by the Constitution, as it was,
in violation of every principl-o' ecial l;f. pro
claiming our vs as our tquais; which cm
fiscate our lands nd every other kind of pro
Iertv ; there f re.
Besolred, That ppealiig m th- S-archer of
all Hearts for tbe rectitude oit uri teuibuband
relying upjn Wis holy arm, who alo iccan give
us victory, we wjll use every eflortin our
ewT, and employ every resource within ur
reach U rsit.t the wrong and inhuman eff.rts
or the enemy for toibjuatioa, until cur inde
pendence is acknowledgid and u r lilx-rti -s
established; aud to this end we pldp3 to
each other, tr our noble a:d paM nt army,
and our fellow-citizsns of the Suurh.our lives,
our fortune and onr sacred honor.
B solved, That we owe a e'ebt of rratitnde
to the galla it and ghrius army ot the Con
federacy widch can n':ver be repahi ; that we
are pr -uel to vfaim them as cuirryruen, and
will give them the earnest aud zealous 8
pTt which their brave y aud patriotism de
serr s.
Betolved. That the Coufed-rite, Conserva
tive, Standard Pi ogress, and F.yetieville Ob
teryer be requested to pu'ohsa t.iCv-e proced-
ngs.
After the reading o( the reauluth in, Mr.
Hairghtem, la explanation of their purport and
'(.fleet proceeded to addresa the meeting. An
well and widely known as is that gefltle-man,
for clear, lucid and logical power, we express
but the opinion of all who heard him, when
we aay he was perhaps never more happy
t -au on this occaci- n. He spoke eloquently
in favor of their resolutions, and concluded by
appealing fto every patriot iu the laud to rally,
and locking our shields together, res lve to
dip as becomes me i, rather than yield to tha
bae terms offered by Lincoln.
K'cqueot and patriotic tpeebes were also
made by Mr. Manniug, Hon. Hugh Waddell,
Rv. Mr. Harwicke, and M Q. Waddell.
The preamble and resolutions were then
put and there was a loud, earne t, rc;-por.?e -f
"aye," given in favor of them, iy all ia the
'house, withjoue lonely, solitary exception.
The meeting then adjourned.
R. M. Green, Chairman.
I. N. Cleg?, Sccrttary.
From the State Journal.
Public Meeting in Sampson.
At a l.iro ar.d enthusiastic- meeting of the
citizens of Marpsn courty held in the Hourt
House in Clinton on Saturday the 11th inst,
for the purpose of cxprerairg the views and
intentions of .the peopjo on the piesem cos d't
tion of our country.
James M. Meley was chilled to the chair
ou ruotiou of X)r, Tb.maa Buntiair, at d on
further motion Jchemiah C. Faisou was re
qucs-d to act as Secretary.
Up- u the organ izAtion i th meeting, the
Chair called upon Col. A. A. McRoy to ex
press and exp'am the object, which was dne
fluently aDd eloquently, aud then a commit
tee of five, v z: Dr. Thrniiis Bunting. Wil
liam Kirby, A. A. MeKoy, Wiiliam A Fi
gou and John A. Oats wore app..intud a com
mit t e to prepare resoutbns lor its action.
Peudinjs the report of the committee, H. L.
Holmes, Esq., wis invited to address the
inee'ing, and the whole audirr ce must have
been convinced byfcis lucid and elab Mate ar
guments upou the justice and certainty of out
cause; ana Cvald hi speech have been h'.urd
throughout the State, there would hereafter
be leo5 croakiogjor the cause of Mr. Lincoln
and his pe tct men.
After the conclusion of Mr Holmes' p -ech,
the committee made - the follywirg re-port
through their chairman, Dr Thomas liuntirg
which was adopted without a dissenting
voice: .
Whereas, we a portion of the people of
the County of Sa.niioa in public meeting
assembled, do rc affirm the sentiments em
bodied in the fallowing resolutions, unani
mously adopted by the L gislature of N rth
Cirolina, at its session of 18&J-G3.
Resolved, That the Contet'erate S'ates of
America have the mean and the will io sus
tain and perpetuate the Government they
have established,' and to' that end North
Carolina is determined to contribu e ail of her
power and res mrci s.
Besotted, That the separation between the
Cc: federate i tab s and tbe United States ia
final, and that the people ef North Caruiioa
wiil never consent to reunion at ay time or
upon any terms.
Resolved, That w have full confidence ia
the ability and patriotism of His Excellency,
President Dvia, and his aduuaisiralion ii
entitled te tne cardial mppjrt 'of all patriotic
cit'zena.
Rtsdved, That we heartily approve of the
policy for the conduct of the war f-et forth
by His Excellency, Gov. Vance ; and that he
cught to te unanimously kuppor ed in the
manly and patri tic stand he has tiken for
c-ur independence.
Oil motion, a Copy f t th proceedirg were
ordered to be sent to the Daily Slate Journal
for publication, with the request that all
papers true to the South will copy.
In connection with the on;m8 advance
into onr State, tbe Sumter Watchman lean.s
that immense quantities of corn fell into hi
hands, which had be a hoarded and denied to
the reedy, and at last it fell into the hands
ef the Yankees. And a soldier iufcrms'us,
that bis regiment was fcr son e time near a
plantation whoso owner refused evea to m.U
any -of his bacon to our troops, although be
had a large quantity on hand, end not u:-.ti!
tbe eueor-y advanced and onr men lcame en
gaged, did he offer to sell. It was then too
late, and no doubt the enemies of l is country
fell heir to his bacon. AU this is humilia
ting, and should not be reported. Those who
have surplus provision should share them
wirh their leps fortanate cehbtrs, for .
kuowtfhow aeon thewho'eofit may besejt
away by the ruthlesa Chas. (Jouri r,
.. Fr.t!i C'MiV'er ite.
IX TUB TEXCHK3, !tK.K pKTKR)BtUU Va.,
FebuagrCtb, 1B05.
. At 1 1 a. ra . tn-diy, th officers, noopom-mi-js
one-1 iitricars and. privates of Gen. M. W.
Hi iS)m North Carolina Brigade held meet
iug, to pass ri'swlut'.ons exprosivoof their sen
timonts on the all absorbing question of our
&tieaal affairs.
The meeting was orgioil by appointing
Col. Lee M. McAfee, 49th N. C. It-giment
chairman, aad Adjutant R. Bruoe Peebles, 35(h
N. C. Regiment secretary. Speeches of thrill
ing eloquence and stirring patriotism were de
livered hy Col. Lee M. McAfree.Maj. T. D. L,vef
Lt ol. Q. O. Lake, Llat. Thomas. Roulac,
Capt, Sterling II. Gee and others; after which
tho following resolatioaa were paajed without
a diisenting vote :
Resolved, That we deem this a suitable time
te reiterate oar inalterable determination never
to lay down onr arms until our eaemics recog
bui as a free, sovereign, and Udependent na
tion. Resolved, That in onr op'nlon there is no
cause for the despoadenoy and gloom that
eera to have Mixed hold upoa our people at
home. The national sky to which our ancs
tori, hud to look fur hope was fur several years
darker and more gloomy than ours is to-day;
and yet they did not falter in their determina
tion to be free; and a just God crowned tneir
efforts with a glorious reward. So it will bs
vi-h us. We need but to pat forth our . wholo
strength anl the day will soon come when wo
ci return home with untarnished names to bo
w loomed by a free aud a grateiul people.
Resolved, That the memoir of our fallen
heroes whop c bones He blenching on every
battle-field, the shrieks and crieJ of our out
raged sisters and dsaghtera, the wrongs of onr
aged mothers aud fathers, all forWd that wo
eatertain aay proposition which looks to the
rtrfturttiou ef tb old Unujn. -
Rtsolvtd, Th'it we have an abid.ng faith in
th j justice of our cause aud its ultimate
tr.uitjph.
Resolved, That we send greetings to our peo
ple at home, and assure them th U though we
h-.ve endured many privation' arid ontold
h wrdships, we are ttill willing to ?uur more
rather-taau resign to the detested Yankees,
their houur and independence ; ar.d we earnest
ly invokes their aid in uppottii:g the needy
f.milies of the soldiers in tiie flelJ, aol in re-
vning to the army all skulkers aud absentees
tUout live.
EesoivrJ, That while we are battlinr and
" s,.C.;riug for a cause that ahould.be dex and
sacred to every North Carolinian, we cannot
h- lp viewing with feeling of the deepest re
gret the conduct cf a majority of our North
droliua Legislators in their wholesale ap
pointment of Magistrates for tho purpose ap
pn neatly of keeping men out S the army.
Resolved, That we on leuin the course of
those sefish demagogieal politieUns in our
S-ate, who wbh to promote their own interests
by lusty appeals for Peace," Peace" when
tney know that there is no peace save with a
c- mpujmise of our bonr and nurbljo bought
heritage of independence.
Resolved, That our faiih in the ability, pa
triotibmind atatesm uahip of our President
J '.Hereon Davis, remains uohhakeu
. Retolvcd, That we have unbounded confidenco
in tho skill and Gcutralship of our great and
noble Lee, and while he is ut the hilia we huvo
ao fears that the ship w.il go down.
Resolved, That in Gov. Vance we place a!l
trst aud coLfidence, that his course iu this
var hus been eminently wse, just, anl patri
ctlc. For the Coafederate,
Fort Beanch,N, C, Feb. IS, 18G5.
At a meeting of a Ba'.ta'i n of Uie lOih N.
C. Troop'B, consisting of Companies ft, G and
H, fcttioueJ at Fort Branch, N., C, Private
Henderson, Co- B, was .called to the chair,
and Private A M Hatkitt and B B Franklin
were requested to act a So-:rlariea. Oj mo
tion, a committee of th fco from each Company,
composed of the following "men : Sergeant!
Wsd worth, Miller, and Private George Spar
row Co U; Sergt Mavn, Walker aad Privato
il jwland Co G ; and Srgt Backman, Plvrr
aud Musician Wills, Co H, w. re appointed t i
eli ait leilutious. AUer a short recess, tho
cnfiiittee returned, and reported the following
preamble and reaolutioue, whicwerc unani
moasy adopted :
Whereas, Our arrogant and supercilious
enMoy, tiuihed with rc-eut victoiies, anl en-c-uraed
by a few faint hearted public men
of our own and other Stms who th y vainly
imagine express the seatimeit of the people,
or a large portion of tleui, have lately iufor
mally invitod ua to negotiate for a ponce, and
though their Presideat tflded a new iniult to
thoso already given, byreftising 13 treat with
us on any terms than traitors and rebels, and
demanding entire submission to tbe C'ti.stitu
tion and laws of tha United States, with tho
powei granted to thul Conrn" to lcgialato
for U3 questions with which they have uo cm
ccrn, therefore, be it
Resolved, That we fpnrn with indignation
and contempt the offer of Mr. Lincoln, to al
. low us to return to his governioeat undrr rules
prescribed by him ; that we wjcedod from that
government beewse it was unjust anJ op
pressive; that our opinlms and principle
are u' chaned ; that we are fighrin; f r tha
ma'ntatnance of our bchved .Southern Con
icderaey, our rights, our :iberty,ur inlep-rn-dence,
and a complete ai.d final separation
irom the United States.
Resolved, That we would be pleased ind-cl
te have this unjust and cruel war brought to a
close, and eur labors erowned with peac and
independence ; but if this is denied uo, we will
continue to fight as long as an enemy oppose
us, till we Ram the desired end, or die in tho
glorious cause of freedom.
Resolved, That we, as a regiment, havlug
long since enlisted for tJe war, and having
passed through four ye ws of privation ani
hirpLips, are proud U say that our feelings
end principles remain ucch-ingod. If it could
be possible, we are even stronger In cur deter
nai nation to aid iu the prosecution of this wax
to a successful Usae than we were when we
first tk np arms iu our defence, thit every
drop f Southern blood that is spilled by our
hated foe only makes us the more determined;
and believing our canse to be i ost, and that a
just and merciful God overrules cur destiny,
aad that we therefore tnyat finally succeed, e
earnestly entreat onr frleri Is, and all g'-'ol p .
.riots at borne, in our LegUIatuie, and ia our
Congress, to refrain from croakinz, and to
unite in giving us then? support. But abeve
all, we invoke the aid and blejsing ef Al
mighty God, without wh iM assistance, all hu
man means will alwail.
Resolved, That a copy of the proceedings of
this meeting, with the annexed resolutions, bt
sent to the Raleigh QorJoJcraU and Raleigh
Shndarl, with the request ihey will publtoh
the -am, an i that all other papers in the
Stats do likewise.
BENJ. R. FRANKLIN, - . .
A a BON M. UAbKIT, J""-
It is etatcd that Commander Raphael
8emm, of the Alabama, ba been made a
Rear Admiral, and will take command cf. the
J&me IUver squadroo, in pic ef Comuiodif
IliUhtll, uow eammaualaj.